VOLUME LXXXVI-NO. 136.
BRITISH TROOPS IN NATAL
BATTLE WITH THE BOERS
General White's Forces En
gage Their Relentless Foes,
but the Outcome of the Con
flict Is Not Known.
Burghers From the Transvaal Also
Attack Mafeking and Are Re
ported to Have Suffered Several
Temporary Repulses.
LONDON, Oct. 14.— An
Edinburgh paper, the
Scotsman, this morning
asserts that a battle has taken
place between the forces of
General Sir George Stewart
White, commanding in Xatal,
and the Boers, who entered
Natal by way of Van Reenan's
Pass. General White, the Scots
man says, is very sanguine of the
success of the British movement.
The foregoing report is con
sidered to be correct, as late last
night the War Office had news
of a British advance from Lady
smith and was hourly expecting
further intelligence.
A dispatch to the Daily Tele
graph from its correspondent at;
Ladysmith, dated, at noon on i
Friday, says:
"A strong mobile column un
der General Sir George Stewart !
White, accompanied by General !
Sir Archibald Hunter, proceeded
before daylight this morning !
toward Acton Homes for the
purpose of reconnoitering. Gen-
MAP OF THE WESTERN FRONTIER.
in is snows the boundary line between the British and Boer territories
from Kimberley on the south to the Marled River on the north, with Kraal
Pen Siding, Marlgobo and other points of importanoe. '
The San Francisco Call.
I eral White's object was to ob
serve what was going on and
j also to test the mobility and effi
ciency of his forces. All his men
are well and the weather is now
fine."
According to dispatches from
Ladvsmith to the Standard and
the 'Daily Telegraph, dated
Thursday, heavy storms have be
gun and forage is scarce on the
veldt. Therefore nothing is ex
pected to happen for a few days
unless the Boers, who were re
ported to be advancing, should
threaten the British line of de
fense drawn from Glencoe Junc
tion to Ladvsmith. In this case,
according to the dispatches, no
apprehension is felt as to the re
sult. General White has twelve
guns and the Boers eleven.
The Daily Mail's Cape Town
correspondent, telegraphing on
Thursday evening, says: "I learn
on good authority that the Boers
are attacking Mafeking. They
are reported to have already suf
fered several repulses. It is gen
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY/OCTOBER 14, 1899.
erally admitted that Vryburg
cannot stand a strong Boer at
tack."
According to the Daily Mail's
Cape Town correspondent, Mr.
Schremer, Premier of Cape
Colony, will unreservedly sup
port the imperial Government.
His previous reserve was dic
tated by a desire not to drive the
extreme Dutch residents to ex
cesses. According to the same
authority the Railway Depart
ment had early intimation of the
intention of the Boers to destroy
railway bridges over fourteen
streams, and sent adequate forces
to protect these points. The re
sult was that the Boers post
poned their attempts.
Evart Grobler, member of the
Volksraad for Philopolis, has
been elected commandant gen
eral of the Free State forces. He
is only 35 years of age. is well
educated, and was a Free State
delegate to the Chicago exhibi
tion.
The correspondent of the Daily
SUPERINTENDENT Of RED CROSS AT MANILA
SUSTAINS REPORT Of THE GOVERNMENT AGENT
Met Him While He Was Investigating the Condition of Affairs in the Philippines, Furnished Him With Data
and Knows That an Official Report Was Recently Made and Filed With
the War Department.
OSWALD H. J. SCHLOTT, who was the superintendent of the Red Cross Society at Man
ila, and who recently returned to this city, made the following statement last night
regarding the Government agent's report on conditions in the Philippines printed in The
Call yesterday:
My official position gave me exceptional opportunities for ascertaining the condition
of affairs in the islands. I traveled for four months visiting all the large islands, having in
my possession a pass from the insurgent government, by whom I was always received with
the utmost courtesy and respect.
In my travels I met the special agent of the Government, whom I know to have had
a pass from President McKinley which entitled him to special consideration from General Otis.
I found him to be a thorough gentleman and know he is of high standing in the United States.
He was entirely unprejudiced in making his investigations, and exercised his best endeav
ors to do justice to the army, the people of the United States, as well as the people in
habiting the archipelago.
I met the gentleman on his routes in the southern provinces of the Philippines, and
a portion of the statement made by him was received through me. He carried on his in
vestigations according to the instructions of the home Government and embodied the result
in the official report recently filed in Washington.
I know the article as published in The Call of Friday morning to be a copy of this offi
cial report made by him to the Assistant Secretary of War.
I do not know where The Call obtained this report, but I do know that such a report
was made and is on file in the War Department."
l Mail further says that the Free
| State forces have completed all
j preparations for the destruction
| of the Bothulie bridge when that
action becomes necessary.
The Prince of Wales has
promised to see General Redvers
Duller and his staff off from the
Waterloo Station to-day. A bis:
, demonstration is expected.
FIERCE BATTLE
IS NOW SAID
TO BE RAGING
NEW TORK. Oct. 13.— A Journal special
dated Ladysmith says: The Orange Free
State force has come down, through Van
View of Kraal Pan, looking frolm the Boer post near Khunwana toward the station. From Marlgobo, eight miles below, to this point the railroad runs
within a few hundred yards of the boundary line, which ls marked by a heavy barbed wire fence.
FIFTEEN BRITISH TROOPS MET
DEATH ON THE DESTROYED TRAIN
LONDON, Oct. 13.— Additional details have been received of the destruction
of the armored train at Kraaipan. Concerning the first disaster to tne
British troops In the present war the Evening News publishes the follow
ing from Cape Town: An armored train has been destroyed south of
Mafeking. Fifteen British troops were killed. The Boers shelled the
wreckage after the train was destroyed.
A later dispatch to the Evening News says the armored train was attempt
ing to run through the Boers.
An official dispatch received at the Colonial Office says: The armored train
was destroyed near Kraaipan station while on the way to Mafeking with guns.
Reenans Pass with eleven guns. A battle
now rages. General Sir George Stewart
White has eleven guns and 3000 men and
is sanguine of success.
General White, with a strong column,
composed of infantry, cavalry and artil
lery, accompanied by General Sir Archi
bald Hunger, left Ladysmith before day
light and moved out toward Acton-Homes
to reconnoiter. Acton-Homes lies fifteen
miles southwest of Ladysmith, on Vent
ers Spruit, only twenty miles from Tint
wa Pass. General White's object was not
only to reconnoiter, but also to test the
mobility and efficiency of his men. He
encountered the enemy near there. , -'.-.-
Mr. Dawson, station agent at Alder
tena, forty-five miles from here, has ar
rived. -He reports that the Boers took
possession of the station and sent • him
over the • border with the mesrage that
the Free j State . forces were coming on
and would be in Ladysmith to-night.
British reinforcements- are arriving and
British troops are well and In good spir
its. The weather is' fine.
The Boers who were on the 'southern
slope of Biggarsberg have entered Natal
THE SCENE OF THE BOER ATTACK.
through Brandon Pass. Railway agents
and all Britishers from Charlestown,
New Castle and other places north have
come in safely. Agents from towns on
the Harrismith line also arrived. The
line north of New Castle was destroyed
before they left. Three trains fllleo wltn
refugees passed south last night. They
report seeing a large number of Boers
sweeping down. Oliver Davis, just in
from Ingogo, reports the Boers in great
force there.
AMERICAN CONSULS
WILL NOW PROTECT
BRITISH INTERESTS
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13. — The State
Department was to-day- notified of the
withdrawal from Pretoria of Conyngham
Greene, the British diplomatic agent to
the South African Republic, and the ex
istence of a state of war between Great
Britain and that republic. Mr. Macrum,
the American " Consul at Pretoria, has ac
cordingly been Instructed to undertake
The War Office has received the following dispatch |pom the general com
manding the Cape forces:
"CAPE TOWN, Oct. 13. 1:40 p. m.— An armored train from Mafeking, escort
ing two 7-pounder guns, sent from here to Mafeking, was attacked last night at
Kraaipan. Apparently a rail had been removed. The train left the track and the
Boers fired Into it with artillery for half an hour and captured It. Telegraphic
communication with Mafeking is interrupted at Kraaipan. The women and
children have been sent to Cape Town. The guns belonged to the colony. They
are light and of old pattern. We have no details as to casualties
CAPE TOWN, Oct. 13, 4:05 p. m.— entire crew of the armored train, with
the exception of the engine driver, were made prisoners by the Boers.
the care of British Interests in that
section during the war.
The notification came to the State De
partment in the shape of a note from Mr.
Tower, In charge of the British Embassy
here. The details of the transfer of Brit
ish interests In case of war had been pre
viously arranged, so that all that was
necessary was the dispatch of a brief
cablegram to Mr. Macrum at Pretoria.
This officer Is the superior in rank to the
other Consular representatives of the
United States, not only in the Transvaal
but In the Orange Free State, and he has
been Instructed to give those officials the
necessary directions. The only other Con
sular officer besiues Mr. Macrum in the
South African Republic is Mr. Gordon,
who succeeded Mr. Manion as Consular
agent at Johannesburg. Mr. Manion hav
ing resigned a few months ago. In the
Orange Free State the United States is
represented by Alfred Elliott, Consular
agent at Bloomfontein. He Is an English
man, and therefore it is questionable
whether he will remain at his post In his
capacity as American agent or retire. In
the latter case Mr. Macrum will probably
select some suitable American to take up
the duties of Consular agent.
There is no present Intention at the
State Department to issue a proclamation
of neutrality. It Is customary to omit
these proclamations ' until . some emer
gency arises calling for their Issue, and
such an emergency Is not expected to oc
cur In South Africa.
BIG INVADING
FORCE FROM
THE FREE STATE
LONDON,' Oct. 14.— Ladysmith cor
respondent of the Times, telegraphing on
Thursday, says: "A subsequent recon
nolsance shows that the invading force
from the Free State numbers approxi
mately 12,000 men."
The Times explains this as evidently re
ferring to a previous telegram which has
not yet reached them.
ONE THOUSAND
CANADIAN TROOPS
FOR SOUTH AFRICA
OTTAWA, Ont., Oct. 13.— a meeting
of the Cabinet to-day a decision was
reached to send 1000 Canadian soldiers to
South Africa as Canada's contribution to
the British force now fighting the Boers.
This is double the number of trocps asked
for by the Imperial Government. At the
conclusion of the Cabinet meeting an of
ficial statement was handed to. the press
by the 'Premier, Sir Wilfrid Laurier, as
follows:
"The Government has decided to send |
1000 men "to South Africa, a very much 1
larger number than any one of the other ;
colonies has sent and larger than the
British Government has suggested. The \
only question in the way of the Govern
ment's acting more speedily in the. mat
ter was as to whether or not Parliament
would have to be called on to meet the
expenditures. This point was got over |
by the form of enlistment, the War Offlce :
having stated that units of men of 125
each should be sent and that they would
be attached to imperial corps. The Cana
dian Government would hay» preferred
to have sent a whole regiment with a Ca
nadian officer in command. Good marks
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
men will have the preference. The t'-»v
ornment will equip the contingent and
pay the cost of transportation to a point
on the South African coast. Enrollment
will commence at once. The troops, will
sail for South Africa before the 30th
inst."
BRITONS BEGIN
TO REALIZE THAT
THE WAR IS ON
LONDON. Oct. 13.-The announcement
that, the Boers had destroyed an armored
train on the western border of the Trans
vaal is. calculated to bring home to "the
man in the street" the realities of war.
Attempts are made to liken the occur
rence to the blowing up of the United
States battleship Maine in Havana har
bor, but that event occurred in times of
peace. The Boers are doubtless within
their rights as belligerents if they are
responsible for the destruction of the
train. '.'="■' 'v.*. ': xlr-i:". ... .
Apart from : this destruction of the
.. armored, train, the most notable change
| in the position of affairs is the presence of
i Boers at Maribogo, forty miles south of
j Mafeking, which seems to indicate that
they are endeavoring . to get . Colonel
i Baden-Powell between two fires.
. The gravity of the Boer advance can be
better estimated when it is realized that
they will thereby cut railway and tele
graphic communication to the north
isolating several . British positions which
must be speedily relieved.
Despite the optimistic . reports of the
ability of Mafeking to repel attack, the
greatest anxiety prevails here regarding
the situation . there. . as It is known that
the redoubtable commandant, Cronje, who
captured the Jameson raiders, has the
strongest force yet put in the field with
the exception of Commandant General
Joubert's force. Cronje's troops now
number between 9000 and 10,000 men.
The position in Natal has not materially
' altered. The reported inroad of 3000 Boers
by way of Tintwa Pass is probably identi
cal with the inroad of the force reported
yesterday as having crossed Van Reenans
Pass. The Ttntwa column, according to
the last advices, had reached .within twen
ty miles of Ladysmith. On that showing
there ought to be speedy news of fighting.
Ladysmith is at present the Aldershot of
Natal.
A dispatch from Cape Town says that
no doubt -is felt as to the loyalty of
Lerothidi and other native chiefs, and the
Basutos are still well in hand, but the
Resident Commissioner has decided to pa
trol the border in order to prevent raids.
KIPLING'S VIEWS
ON BOERS PLEASE
WARLIKE BRITONS
LONDON, Oct. 13.— At Brighton this
evening a public meeting was held under
the auspices of the South African Asso
ciation in support of the Government. The
hall was crowded, over 3000 persons being
present in consequence of the report that
Rudyard Kiplin ; would speak. The audi
ence before the addresses began sang pa
triotic songs. The chairman, Lord Tal
bot, at the outset read the following let
ter from Mr. Kipling:
I gee the papers have generously credited me
with the intention of speaking at your meet
ing, but as I pointed out when the association
did me the honor to invite me, public speak
lu. is entirely out of my way. J need noto
NEW FRATERNITY
HOUSE AT STANFORD
HANDSOME BUILDING TO BE ERECTED
BY THE KAPPA KAPPA GAMM.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Oct. 13.— The Kappa Kappa Gamma Sorosls of
Stanford University has let the contracts for the erection of an elegant
new house on Lasuen street, on the campus. Work will be begun Im
mediately and the house will be ready for occupancy early next year.
The cost will bo in the neighborhood of $7000. ' The Kappas have the dis
tinction of being the first sorosls to build a home at Stanford. *
The new Kappa house will be one of the handsomest of the group of
fraternity houses on the campus. It is designed in the old English style of
architecture, with steep, sloping roofs and broad porches. On tha lawn floor
will be a spacious reception hall, with the dining-room back of it and the
parlors to one side.
The Stanford Chapter was established during the first year of the univer
sity's life and has always occupied a loading position among the sorosiies ■•( the
university. The members of the chapter are: Susie Dyer, '99; Mayme Merritt,
Clara Martin, Edna Hobson, '00; Winifred Morgan, Rowena Merritt, '01; Ethel
McLellan, Eva Wheeler, Jessie Knepper, May Kimball. Helen Downing, '02.
say I am entirely in sympathy with the object
of the mei-ting and realize our country's ohliga
tion at tills crisis to support her Majesty's
Ooverr.mor.t unreservedly. Their demand, I
take it to be. is for equal rights for all white
men from the Cape to the Zambes l : their aim
the establishment of a republic instead of an
oligarchy and their vindication of the new re- .
generate Transvaal, governed under equal
laws formed In open council by free men.
neither corrupted nor coerced, reprv^nting
every Interest in the land. These things are i
(rood and durable, and I recognize hat it Is
the duty of ea^h.one of us, according to his!
6 bili ties, to work toward their attainment.
With every wish for the 'rf rough success of
the meeting I am yours sincerely,
RPPYARI) Kiri_i.;G.
The audience greeted the reading of the
letter with hearty cheers.
DELAYED NEWS
CONCERNING THE
BOERS' ADVANCE
DURBAN, Natal, Oct. 12 (Delayed in
transmission).— The Minister of Public
Works, Lieutenant Colonel Hine, has re
ceived a telegram confirming the report
that a considerable fore* of Boers has en
tered Natal by way of Laings Nek.
The British India Steam Navigation
Company's steamer Nevasa, now used as
a transport, arrived to-d^.' from Bombay.
HARRISMITH; Oct. ~2 (Delayed in
transmission).— has been re
ceived here that a force of burghers from
the Orange Free State is advancing
through Tintwa Pass. Seventy men of
the Border Mounted Rifles have been sent
to. support the cavalry outposts.
SIMONS TOWN,! 12 (Delayed in trans
mission). The commander-in-chief Issued
a general signal for the fleet last evening.
The naval brigade is in readiness to dis
embark, as.d is now busy with prepara
tions for landing. A baggage train was
kept waiting ail night for the brigade.
Admiral Harris his notified the Inhabit
ants that shore boats approaching the
warships at night are liable to be fired
upon.
KIMBERLEY, Oct. 12 (Delayed in trans
mission).— Rhodes rode out this
mornirg. He says he assumes that min
ing and lighting will proceed simultane
ously. The town guards will parade at 4
o'clock this afternoon. A camp will be
formed, and the men will be distributed
at various points. The banks closed early
in order to allow their employes to attend
the parade. Fortifications and earthworks
are still being rapidly constructed. The
news of the ultimatum was received with
satisfaction.
CAPE TOWN, Oct. 12 (Delayed in trans
mission).—An American citizen has sworn
to an affidavit before the American Con
sul in which he states that he has been
subjected by burghers of the Free State
to great ill-treatment. His limbs bear
marks showing the effects 'of the treat
ment hi has received.
' A military order has been issued direct
ing that no civilians be allowed to enter
the camps In tic colony without permits.
BLOEMFONTISIN. Oct. ir(Delayed in
transmission).— Martial law has been pro
claimed and the courts are closed. A
proclamation has been issued warning
British subjects to leave the Orange Free
State before 6 o'clock Saturday evening.
Permits to remain may be 'obtained from
the authorities, and the proclamation calls
on the 'burghers to respect those who se
cure such permits. '
President Steyn has made a strong ap
peal to the burghers to do -their pest to
secure the Independence of the republic.
JOUBERT SAYS
BOERS MUST NOT :
ACT LIKE ROBBERS
PRETORIA, Oct. 12 (delayed in trans
mission).—Commandant General Joubert's
command Is now at Volksrust. Several
Cape Colonists have been sworn in as
burghers. Postal communication with the
surrounding colonies has been suspended,
but that between the Transvaal and the
Orange Free ate is maintained. Treas
urer General de Villiers and Mr. Vander
post of the Free State Raad are now here
consulting with the Government. The
Minister of Mines reports that a satis
factory number of mines are being
worked and that the Government will
keep the shafts of abandoned mines free
of water in the interest of shareholders.
It is reported that forty-six cases of
gold valued at $500,000. which were dis
covered In different canteens in Johan
nesburg, have been confiscated oy the
Government,
• Commandant General. Joubert has Is
sued a circular from the chief laager in
consequence of the report that some of
the burghers had misbehaved themselves
on their journey to the borders, plunder
ing a number of -stores. Such offenses,
the commandant general says, will be se
verely punished. "When we are unwil
lingly compelled to cross the boundary
line of our country," says General Jou
bert, "let it not be thought that we are a
band of robbers and with that in view re
main as far as possible from private
dwellings and from places where no ene
emy Is stationed. When food for forage
for the cattle is needed let certain officers
acquire such goods from the owner and
let a receipt be given with promise of
recompense by the Government."
The Volkstein says: Two small repub
lics have entered upon a struggle with a
gigantic power which wishes to crush
them. Conquer or die is the battle cry
of the brave burghers. Thus will .he
question be solved and the republics once
for all will either be freed from provoca
tion'or will have to bend their net ks to
the yokes of British tyranny. England's
might will not decide the issue. That
rests with God alone.
BOER ATTACK EXPECTED
CAPE TOWN. Oct. 12. evening (Delayed
in transmission).— A dispatch from Mafe
king dated 3:22 o'clock this afternoon says
it is officially stated that the enemy will
probably roach this afternoon or to
morrow. Parties will be sent to watt on
all sides, and guns will be posted on the
high ground southeast of the town. It is
likely the enemy will shell the town for
some hours before attempting to take it
by assault. Already the Boers complain.
They want to attend to their crops, and
many are deserting. Meat is scarce, and
dysentery is prevalent. If the garrison
does nothing- it is probable that the Boers
will retire, giving the garrison, in the
mean opportunities' for hitting them
hard. The garrison must seize and utilize
such opportunities.
Information has been received from an
other source that the Boers have actually
crossed the frontier some miles south of
the town. This information is believed to
be correct though it lacks confirmation.
PREMIER SCHREINER'S PLEA.
CAPE TOWN, Oct. 13.— Premier Schrel
ner, on moving the adjournment of the
Cape House of Assembly, made a nota
ble speech, in the course of which he al
luded to the position in which the Cape
Government was placed. He said he
would do the duty Imposed upon him
without favor or fear — the duty of all
to save the colony, so far as possible,
from being involved in the vortex of war.
In his circulars to the military com
manders he had already given his reasons
for hoping that the people would remain
quiet, and he would appeal to the mem
bers of the Legislature to possess their
souls In patience, however dark the days
might be, and wait with quietness and
confidence. To the rress representing both
sides in- would appeal for pity, sympathy,
generosity and charity; and lie wished
to make a similar appeal to the churches
and to the natives of the colony. The time
had not yet arrived for him to say what
part he had played In trying to estab
lish peace in South Africa, That would
come later.
"Let this colony," said the Premier in
conclusion, "be a kind haven during the
storm which has burst upon South Af
rica, and let us all pray for the re-estab
lishment of honorable peace throughout
our beloved country."
— i «.
AN APPEAL TO AFRIKANDERS.
PRETORIA, Oct. 12, via Lourenzo
Marques, Oct. 13.— An official manifesto
has Just been addressed to Afrikanders
throughout South Africa appealing to
them to resist "the unjust demands of
Great Britain" and accusing Lord Salis
bury. Mr. Chamberlain and Sir Alfred
Milner of treachery. It blames the Queen
for condoning what it describes as "Mr.
Chamberlain's criminal policy," and de
clares "that the clear desire and object
of Great Britain are to deprive the Trans
vaal of independence on account of the
gold mines of the Rand."
- The manifesto says that "Great Britain
has offered two alternatives five-year
franchise and war"— and then goes on to
say: . . •
"A difference between the two Govern
ments of two years on the franchise ques
tion is considered by her Majesty's Gov-*
ernment sufficient justification for an en
deavor to swallow the two republics."
In conclusion it reminds Afrikanders
that "Gcd will assuredly defend the
right."
The manifesto is signed by Mr. Reitz,
Secretary of State. A million copies will
bo printed In Dutch and English.
•
LORD LORNE'S SENTIMENTS.
GLASGOW, Oct. Lord Lome was
unable to attend the meeting held here i
to-night, but lie wrote In response to the
Invitation a letter In which he said:
"Never had any people more time to de
liberate before acting. Patience had
marked our acts and Ignorance and injus
tice those of the Boers. They are the
same as when Livingstone described them
as "cruel, narrow and tyrannous.' In bat
tle our losses may be grievous, but those
who die Will give their life for. the life \
of our empire, for equal laws and civil
liberty. Foreign states acknowledge the j
justice of our cause and we know it to I
be good and we mean to make It strong." j
CECIL RHODES' CLOSE CALL.
LONDON, Oct. 14.— According to the
Kimberly correspondent of the Dally Tel
egraph, Cecil Rhodes had a narrow escape
from capture while on his way here. His
train was delayed as he passed the Mod
der River three hours after the expiration
of the ultimatum, when the Boers were
only five miles distant, and some of their
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1899.
spies were actually on the platform. Mr.
Rhodes laid low and was not recognized.
Hod ho been his capture would have been
easy, as the line was not defended. He be
lieves the strength of the enemy is greatly
exaggerated and that they will not attack
j the intrenchments. The chief cause of
i anxiety Is ignorance of their artillery
j strength.
"I understand," continues . the corre
spondent, "that a flying column is being
organized for the protection of the rail
road between the Orange River and Kim
beriy. Trustworthy information shows
that the Orange Free State has half its
| available force, viz., 10,000 men, scattered
along the extensive western border be
tween the Transvaal and Orange rivers.
The strategy displayed in their present
disposition ls crude."
•
FOR WIVES AND CHILDREN.
LONDON. Oct. 14.— The Prince of
Wales, as president of the Soldiers' and ;
Sailors' Families Association, has appeal
ed to the public on behalf of the wives
and children of the soldiers sent to
Africa.
The Cape Cabinet occupied the whole of
Friday morning in a conference with Sir
Alfred Milner; Governor of the Colony
and British High Commissioner in South
Africa.
Some of the reports of cessation of tele
graphic communication were premature.
They were due to the conicidence of the
long interruption, commencing with the i
expiration of the Transvaal ultimatum j
and the non-receipt of news.
TO ASSAULT MAFEKING.
LONDON. Oct. 13.— The Boer forces.
with artillery, according to a dispatch
Just received from . Standerton, broke
camp at Sandspruit yesterday morning,
moving in the direction of Natal.
A dispatch from Paris late this after
noon says: The Boers with twelve guns
are preparing to assault Mafeking.
DURBAN, Oct. 13.— first and second
battalions of the Manchester Regiment,
under Lieutenant Colonels Cumin and
Ridley, have arrived at Ladysmith.
•9
WOMEN AND CHILDREN SAFE.
VRYBURG, Oct. 13.— The train from
Mafeking with SOO women and children
passed Vryburg on the way to Kimberly.
All on board were well.
LONDON, Oct. 13.— 1t ls reported in
Cape Town, though as yet the rumor is
unconfirmed, that a collision has taken
place between trains bearing refugees
near Victoria, West Cape Colony, nine
persons being killed and many others in
j jured. _^
DISSATISFIED WITH CROMJE
LONDON, Oct. 13.— The Pall Mall Ga
zette publishes the following dispatch
from Mafeking, dated Wednesday: "It is
reported that the younger Burghers, dis
satisfied with Commander Cronje for not
attacking the British position yesterday,
have sent him to the rear and appointed
another to command."
TELEGRAPH LINE CUT.
I KIMBERLY. Oct 12.— (Delayed in trans-
I mission)— The telegraph line between
I Kraaipan and Maritzana, south of Mafe
! king .has been cut, and a strong c iramtnd
of Boers has occupied the Kraaipan Rail
! Wav siding.
ENGLISHMAN MURDERED
BY FRENCH DETECTIVES
Set Upon Because His Master Had
Incurred the Wrath of Officials
at Dieppe.
NEW YORK, Oct. 14.— A special to the
Times from Paris says: A great sensa
tion has been caused here by the murder
of an Englishman named Derrick by a
French detective at Dieppe. Derrick was
so shockingly injured that an unusual sur
gical ration had to be performed upon
him, with the result that gangrene Inter
vened and he died.
Derrick was set upon nt the same time
as his master, a wealthy Englishman
named Captain O'Neill Murphy, who had
incurred trie wrath of Dieppe Casino offi
cers because he had caused the director
of Petits Chevaux at Calais to be con
demned for swindling.
Captain Murphy is one of the most re
spected English residents of Paris; he is
a brother of D. F. Murphy of San Fran
cisco. In spite of his passport and _cre
dentials he was hauled off to jail, stripped
and measured and finally sentenced to
eight days' imprisonment for protecting
his own house.
The British Consul is attempting to
bring the murderers of Derrick to justice.
English feeling is intensely excited over
the incident, which is likely to have im
portant International consequences.
4,
ANOTHER FIRE IN
THE BUSH STORES
Warehouse No. 3 Destroyed, Bring
ing the Loss Up to a Half
Million.
NEW YORK. Oct. 14.— At 2:30 o'clock
this morning fire broke out in the build
ings of the Bush Independent Stores,
which were partially destroyed by fire
yesterday afternoon. The fire this morn
ing apparently started in building No. 2,
which was separated from No. 3 by a
brick wall two feet in thickness.
No. 3 was totally destroyed yesterday,
and it. is thought at this hour, 2:30 a. m.,
that building No. 2 will also prove a total
loss. Building No. 2 contained about
10.000 bales of cotton valued at from $250,
--000 to $300,000. Three firemen were over
come by smoke, and the fire Is not yet
under control. The officials of the. Bush
Independent Stores estimate that the total
loss in consequence of the fire in both
warehouses will certainly exceed $500,000,
Warehouse No. 1 was destroyed by lire a
few months aero.
MAY HAVE BEEN MURDERED.
Body of a Chinaman Found in the
Bay.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 13. -The body of a
Chinese was found floating In the bay
near the railway wharf at Sausalito to
day, by Christian Ock, a longshoreman.
Coroner Eden was ' notified and brought
the remains to this city. A cursory exam
ination showed that death had probably
resulted from a bullet wound under the
left ear, as there was no water in the
lungs, though the body had been In the
bay about two weeks.
This evening a Chinese named Wong
How called at the Morgue in company
with two of his countrymen and identified
the dead man as his partner, Lee Doo
Teong, who he claimed was killed a
week ago last Tuesday by the Jibboom of
a fishing smack knocking him into the
waters of the bay at Point San Pedro.
When questioned about the bullet wound
and absence of water in the lungs, the
Chinese became suspiciously silent. The
inquest will occur to-morrow.
About 200 Chinese live at. Point San Pe
dro, and their fishing camp there has
gained a very hard name. Many men
have disappeared from there and have
never been heard of again, while brawls
and cutting affairs are of common occur
rence. It is a hiding-place for highbind
ers when the police make it too interest
ing for them in San Francisco, and once
ensconced in the camp it is almost impos
sible for the authorities to locate a crim
inal.
STEPHANIE'S BETROTHAL.
Widow of Crown Prince Rudolf of
Austria to Wed Again.
Special Cable to The Call and the New Tork
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
BERLIN, Oct. 13.— spite of "denials"
recently published, a Vienna dispatch to
a Budapest paper declares that the be
trothal of Archduchess Stephanie will be
officially announced within the next few
days. Archduchess Stephanie Is the wid
ow of Crown Prince Rudolf of Austria,
whose mysterious death occurred in 1889.
She ls a Belgian Princess and has an
only daughter. Archduchess Elizabeth,
born in 18s * _________
Anti-Taxation Riots.
BARCELONA, Oct. 13.— Anti-taxation
riots have broken out hero. All the shops
are closed. The mob is stoning the public
buildings, shouting, "Long live Cata
lonia."
COPIOUS FALL OF
RAIN AND SNOW
Storms in All Parts of
the State.
» •
PROSPECTS OF CONTINUANCE
* —
HERDS OF CATTLE NEAR
TRUCKEE ENDANGERED.
»
Damage Done in Some Sections, but
as a Rule the Farmers Are
Very Grateful for the
Downpour.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TRUCKEE, Oct. 13.— For three days
snow has fallen almost continuously. No
such storm has occurred in October since
IMG. when the Dormer party were snow
bound at Dormer Lake. Ono of Truckee's
principal Interests is the pasturing of
sheep and cattle during the summer
months. All the stock and herds are still
in the mountains, and the greatest con
sternation prevails lest they perish, from
hunger and exposure. Most of the snow
has melted as it fell, but there is one foot
on the ground at Truckee, and from two
to four feet in the surrounding moun
tains. The storm was a complete surprise
and the cattle are scattered all over the
mountains.
Some of the dairymen are hauling hay
| to their stock, but the supply is limited,
| and thousands of cattle and sheep must
perish soon if the storm continues.
LONG BEACH, Oct. 13.-One of the
worst storms that ever visited this re
gion is now raging. There is a howling
south wind and a rough sea. The float
at the end of the pleasure wharf was
blown ashore, destroying a portion of the
wharf. The sailboat Elk dragged her an
chor and was smashed to splinters in the
surf. Other small craft have been dam
aged. Rain is falling steadily. The wind
is increasing in velocity.
FRESNO, Oct. 13.— cyclone passed
over Fresno to-day and a high wind un
derneath did considerable damage.
Weather Observer Bolton says nothing
like it was ever seen in California before.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 13.-Last night the
Sacramento Valley had a thorough
drenching. Rain fell almost steadily dur
ing the entire night and up to nearly 10
o'clock tins morning. it was one of the
heaviest October storms the valley lias
had in a number of years. Rain was
badly needed, particularly from a sani
tary point of view, as there is considera
ble sickness throughout the valley. Some
grain which was not housed will be dam
aged. There will also be slight damage
to grapes. -
Tnere was a heavy fall of snow in the
mountains last night along the Central
Pacific road, and snow has been tailing
all day at Summit. Snow is already over
tine, feet in depth. Railroad traffic has
not been interfered with.
The Weather Bureau reports show the
rainfall las', night and up to 9 o'clock this
morning to have been 1.18 inches, and for
this month 1.34 inches, while the season s
total precipitation is 1.36 inches, as against
.70 of an Inch to an equal date last year.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 13.— At about 9 o'clock
last night there was a little drizzle, which
continued steadily. Shortly after 11 o'clock
the drizzle increased to a heavy rain a,nd
by 12 o'clock water was falling In sheets.
At 8 o'clock this morning standard gauges
registered one inch of rain for the night.
Other gauges about town gave 1.32 inches
for lie- twenty-four hours ending at 10
o'clock to-day. • ■ . .'-
STOCKTON, Oct. Rain has been
falling here intermittently ever since last
night, and the Indications are now that
more is to come. Thus far no damage has
been reported, though at first it was be
lieved that table grapes would suffer.
Should the weather continue cool, how
ever, the damage to table grapes, which
would be the only kind affected, will
amount to very little. Warm weather
would crack the skins and make them un
salable. Other varieties of grapes have
been gathered. As yet the rain has been
insufficient to damage hay. In most places
throughout the county the hay is either
baled and under cover or stacked and
water shedded. The total fall here for the
storm since yesterday morning Is .81 of an
inch. The rain has been general in the
county.
CAYUCOS. Oct. 13.— One and thirty
three hundredths of an inch of rain fell
last night. Much damage was done un
thrashed grain.
ELMIRA. Oct 13— One Inch of rain
has fallen here since 10 o'clock yesterday
morning and the indications are good for
a continuance of the precipitation to-day
and to-night. Little damage has been
done by tne storm, as dry. feed ts about
all gone. No green or dried fruit was in
jured to any great extent. Some grain
piled at the railroad warehouses for ship
ment was injured slightly. The ground is
already sufficiently moist tO permit of
plowing and seeding to a certain extent
and in some section^thl^woH^wil^be
commenced oi?cc________________
SAN BERNARDINO. Oct. 13.— Rain be-
I gan falling this morning, continuing
throughout the day in showers, soaking
the ground thoroughly. Fully .85 of an
inch has fallen. Orange groves through
out the county will be greatly benefited.
PRESCOTT, Ariz., Oct. 13.— The long
spell of dry weather here has been brok
en by two Inches of rain during the past
forty-eight hours. The storm is still on
with no prospect of abatement. The
storm was welcomed, as water has been
growing short, causing several mining
enterprises to close down.
VENTURA. Oct. 13.— Rain commenced
falling here early this morning. The pre
cipitation was 1.35 inches, making for the
season 1.55 inches. There are several
thousand tons of beets yet in the field,
which will suffer damage. Injury to
beans will be slight.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 13.— rainfall
for the past twenty-four hours was 1.09
inches, making 1.3!) for the season. The
maximum temperature to-day was 60 de
grees and there are indications of frost.
The mountains are mantled with about
six feet of snow.
COLUSA, Oct. 13.— 1t commenced rain
ing here at about 11 o'clock Thursday
night and up to the present time 1.17 of
an Inch has fallen. It will damage feed,
the second crop of grapes, some prunes
and a great .deal of grain on the river
bank.
GERMANTOWN, Oct. 13. -Rain began
falling shortly after midnight last night
and continued with little Intermission dur
ing to-day. Up to 8 o'clock to-night .90
of an inch had fallen. The sky Is still
overcast and although there is no wind
Indications point to another downpour be
fore morning.
MODESTO, Oct. 13.-The storm con
tinues and the rainfall .varied from 125
to .80 of an Inch. The weather is still
threatening and showers prevailed
throughout the day. The rain has been
sufficient to warrant the commencement
of jplowing in all sections of the county.
NAPA, Oct. 13.— Rain yesterday and last
night was abundant. The dust was laid
sewers flushed and fires quenched. The
precipitation for the twenty-four hours
ending at 7 o'clock was 1.07 Inches. Un
gathered grapes were injured and drying
fruit retarded. Dry pasturage was de
stroyed.
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 13.-The rainfall for
the twenty-four hours ending at 5 p m
to-day was twcnty-hundredths of an Inch'
making a total of .34 of an Inch for the
storm.
WOODLAND. Oct. 13. -While rain was
reported from nearly all parts of Cali
fornia on "Wednesday night and Thurs
day morning, the precipitation In Yolo
County .to in o'clock Thursday night
was so light as to be scarcely noticeable.
At that hour a steady downpour began
and lasted nearly all night. There have
been Intermittent showers to-day.
; PACIFIC GROVE, Oct. 13 -Over 2.25
inches of rain has fallen in this locality
since the beginning of the present storm.
To-night the rain is heavy and is accom
panied by much lightning and thunder.
PASO ROBLES, Oct. 13.-It has been
showering here for the last three days and
If it should continue great damage will be
done to grain yet in the field, of which
there is yet considerable. The unusually
large harvest has delayed the finish at
least a month.
SANTA CRUZ. Oct. 13— The rainfall
for the season is 2.80. Showers fell all
day. The weather is cold. . :> . :. ;>
HOLLISTER. Oct. 13.-Raln is pouring
down to-night. • The fall for the storm
will 'exceed two inches
CALISTOGA. Oct. 13.— Rain has been
falling here for the past twenty-four
hours and up to noon to-day 1.34 Inches
had fallen. Mount St. Helena is covered
with snow, ranging on the peaks from
eight to twelve inches deep. This is some
thing that has never before been known
during the month of October. The grape
and fruit crops have nearly all been cared
for and no damage Is reported. Stockmen
are jubilant.
SAN MIGUEL, Oct. 13. -The rain which
began falling Wednesday morning has
continued at intervals until this morning.
Wednesday noon hailstones nearly half
an inch in diameter fell thick and fast.
During last night the precipitation
amounted to 1.05 inches, making for the
storm a total of 1.45 inches.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Oct. 13.— The rain
fall in the last twenty-four* hours up to 5
o'clock this evening amounts to 1.24
inches, and it is feared that there will be
considerable damage to the grain still in
the field, as more rain is threatened.
MILTON, Oct. 13.— noon to-day 1.56
inches of rain had fallen here, with all
indications pointing to a further continu
ance. Plowing will at once begin in this
locality.
DIXON, Oct. 13. - The threatening
weather of the past two days developed
into a generous downpour yesterday about
10 o'clock. The rain continued at Inter
vals throughout the day and during the
night. The indications for another pre
cipitation to-night are good, and the farm
ers are preparing to sow summer-fallowed
land. The dried fruits and raisins and the
almond crop had been cared for, and no
damage results from the rain.
HERO OF THE
WAR ARRESTED
H. B. Ford Recognized
as a Fugitive.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SPOKANE, Oct, 13— Back from the
Philippines, where he made an enviable
record for bravery, came H. B. Ford of
Company B, Idaho Volunteers. With his
company he was royally welcomed by the
people of his own State. Then Ford came
to Spokane. He was on the streets but
a few hours before he was recognized by
Sheriff Tucker of Yakima County as a
fugitive from justice.
Six years ago Tucker had some trouble
with Ford, who was then a mere boy,
and Ford pulled a revolver and fired five
shots at Tucker. None took effect. Ford
was arrested, tried, convicted and sen
tenced to ten years' imprisonment. He
escaped while his case was being ap
pealed. He assumed the name of Ford,
his right name being William Feamster.
For six years he dodged the officers of
the law. Now he is glad he was recap
tured, for Sheriff Tucker and Judge
Graves, who tried and sentenced Ford,
have labored on his behalf and the Su
perior Court has suspended sentence per
manently. Ford's valor as a soldier has
relieved him from punishment for his
youthful crime. He again bears the name
of Feamster and liberty is his.
NEW YORK POOLROOMS
CONDUCTED BY WOMEN
Members of the Fair Sex Lay Odds
for Wives and Daughters Who
"Play the Ponies. '
NEW YORK, Oct. 13— The Mazet Inves
tigating Commission to-day at an execu-
I tive session decided to adjourn till October
j 31. To-day's session opened with a discus
sion of the city's poolrooms, Mrs. Florence
D. Soyer testifying at length regarding
i poolrooms conducted by women and fre
quented by women. She said that the
' cards were handed around by women,
t women made the odds, women took the
i money, and women made up the sheets.
! She lost all the bets she placed in the
j poolrooms that she visited.
ACCUSE RAISIN GROWERS.
Packers Claim That the Association
• Is a Trust.
FRESNO, Oct. 13.— Judge Risley dis
charged the receiver appointed in ,the
I suit of the California Raisin Growers' As
, sociation against O. M. Thompson and
i Markarian Bros., non-associate packers,
j based on his violation of a contract with
; the association to sell forty tons of his
I crop through a pool. The packers set up
i the plea that the association is a trust,
i restrictive of competition and contrary to
1 public policy.
In discharging the receiver the court
1 specifically announced that the legality of
: the association was not passed upon, tes
| timony on motion showing that Thomp
son's contract for the crap was not his,
1 but his wife's. Markarian's counsel de
', clare that If further proceedings are hud
against the packers they will press this
point. The association's attorney says it
will proceed against Thompson for dam
ages. The case was in the nature of a
' test and interests every raisin grape
grower in the State.
SUGAR PLANTERS COMPLAIN.
Steamship Service Not Adequate at
Peruvian Ports.
Special Cable to The Call and the New Tork
Herald. Copyrighted, 1599. by James Gor-
don Bennett.
LIMA, Peru, Oct. 13.— Sugar planters in
the north are complaining bitterly of the
irregular service of the Pacific Steam
Navigation Company along the coast.
More than four thousand tons of sugar
are lying in Salavery alone to-day await
ing shipment. In another port one estate
has more than 3000 tons waiting for a
steamship. The planters declare this de
lay Is simply ruinous.
In his annual report to his Government
the Belgian Consul in Lima denounces as
an abuse the practice of the Postoffice
authorities In charging on correspondence
for the United States and Europe via
Havana 10 per cent more than the stipu
lated postal union rate.
Rumor Not Confirmed.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald, Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
BERLIN, Oct. 13-Nothing is known
here of the rumored betrothal of the
Queen of Holland to Prince Joachim Al
brecht of Prussia. Prince Joachim Al
brecht Is one of the most popular lieu
tenants ln the first regiment of the
dragoon guards, Queen of England's
Prince Joachim Albrecht is the second
son of Prince Frederic Albert, regent of
Brunswick. He is 23 years of age.
Carnegie Deprecates War.
DUMFRIES, Scotland, Oct. 18.— Upon !
thy. occasion to-day of the laying of the '
foundation stone of the free library pre- j
sented to Dumfries by Andrew Carnegie ■
the donor was given the freedom of the j
town. In replying to an address, Mr. Car
negie said man had only begun the work !
of civilization whjle he employed Inhuman
means of killing his fellow men, often
fellow Christians, to settle national dis
putes.
Terrill Convicted.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 13.— Samuel B. Terrill,
the attorney, was to-day convicted of
forgery by a jury in the Superior Court
and will be sentenced next Friday. The
forgery was that of a signature to a
mortgage and note by which the defend
ant obtained $350 from Richard J. Hawke.
The Crystal Hot Sea Baths,.
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm sea
water tub and swimming baths. North Beach. •
"Volt and
• Stick to It."
If you are sick and discouraged with im-
pure blood, catarrh or rheumatism, take
Hood's Sarsaparilla. faithfully and persis-
tently, and you wilt soon have a cure.
This medicine has cured thousands of
others and it •will do the same for you.
Faithfully taken. ' _ V~ .' - ■
BRITISH PUNISH
AFRICAN NATIVES
Eigf)t Towns Destroyed and Heavy
Loss Inflicted Upon the
Tribes.
LAGOS, East Africa, Oct. 13.— The British punitive expedition against the
Fula tribes on the Leenu River, who had stopped the river traffic and mur
dered a number of boatmen, has just returned to Lagos, having destroyed
eight towns after prolonged fighting. The natives lost heavily and the British
had eight men wounded.
REA PROMISES
A SETTLEMENT
Meeting of Union Bank
Stockholders.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Oct. There was a lively
meeting of the stockholders of the de- |
funct Union Savings Bank at Turn Verein ,
Hall this morning. For a time it looked j
as though the session might break up .n |
a row. Senator Shortridge and A. Bar
ker got into neated dispute, in which
the words thief and liar were freely used,
but not directly, but ex-Boss Rea wound j
things up in a suave manner, in which he j
eulogized ex-President Ward Wright and
Will H. Wright, saying the former was
an honest and upright man until E. B. I
Howard, the fruit-shipper, had got him
in his clutches. The directors were asked
to levy an assessment of $60 per share
in order to pay the depositors in full.
The meeting of stockholders was culled
by President Rea for the express purpose
of presenting his first semi-annual ac
count of his management of the bank and
to outline a future course of action. On
the stage beside him were Manager Aus
tin and Secretary A. Friant. About two
hundred stockholders and depositors were
present.
After calling the meeting to order Presi
dent Rea read his semi-annual account,
and then made an explanatory statement.
He said when all the assets were real
ized on there would still be a deficiency
of $277,897 61. In order to pay the DOS
itors in full he favored an assessment of
$60 or $70 per share. An assessment of $.0
per share would realize from solvent
stockholders $310,971, and $70 per share
would bring in $373,299. This was with an
allowance that only a little over 50 per
cent of stockholders could be made to
pay the assessment. He stated he had
not received the entire support of the
board of directors in his management, but
Peter Stock had resigned, and he had had
T. B. Caldwell elected a director. With
the aid of the latter and Directors Dun
lop and Simpson he now proposed to pro
ceed to a settlement of the bank's affairs
as speedily as possible. Directors Eaton,
Jones and Callisch had opposed him in
various matters. They had refused to pay
the $10 assessment recently levied on the
stock and were fighting the same, with
a view of postponing its payment until
time had elapsed when further assess
ments could be levied. He promised to
see that all were made to pay the assess
ment, and that depositors should receive
100 cents on the dollar.
One of the stockholders inquired If Rea
did not owe the bank some money. The
president replied that he did owe the bank
$5000, but it was amply secured.
Senator Shortridge then got the floor
and monopolized it pretty much the rest
of the meeting. -In fact he became a
dictator. He said he had. been robbed
both as a depositor and a stockholder.
Shortridge said stockholders who could
and would not pay. the assessment were
thieves. Howard was denounced as a.
thief and the man -responsible for break
ing the bank. He wanted all the stock
holders who refused to pay a $60 assess
ment sued.
It was then developed that shortly be
fore the failure when stockholders kicked
on the management of the bank the pres
ident had a practice of buying their stock.
A motion was made that an assessment
of $60 per share be levied in order to pay
the depositors in full. This passed, about
half a dozen voting in favor of it. A $10
assessment has already been levied.
President Rea stated that in the course
of a couple of weeks he would call a
meeting of the directors for levying such
an assessment.
A motion to appoint a committee of five
to meet a similar committee of depositors
to see if a settlement could not be ef
fected at less than the value of deposits
was lost, Shortridge and half a dozen
friends voting the matter down.
Aside from asking for a $60 assessment,
on which only a few voted, the meeting
was in the nature of a Shortridge-Rea
admiration society, and had the appear
ance of being called for the purpose of
clearing the skirts of the Wrights for all
blame in the wreck of the bank.
The board of directors met this after
noon, but transacted nothing but routine
business. Amat>a Eaton was elected vice
president of the bank.
Earthquake at Petaluma.
PETALUMA, Oct. 13.— At 8:58 o'clock
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I "STRUCK I
OIL •••«•• j
CONTRA COSTA 1
I COUNTY".... |
3 Will be the good news our stock-
-9 holders will hear before sixty days
I will pass. Oil, water and gas now
I flowing from the well In small !
1 quantities. Our well is now down
I over 800 feet, and we will tap the I
CONTRA COSTA j
COUNTY"
Will be the good news our stock- I
holders will hear before sixty days 1
will pass. Oil, water and gas now
flowing from the well in small
quantities. Our well Is now down
over 900 feet, and we will tap the
1 true oil sand in 300 feet further i
I drilling.
I GOING UP.' I
J Our stock will undoubtedly be
I advanced in price at the next meet-
I ing of the Board of Directors. DO
| NOT DELAY in writing for pros-
| pectus. £
I AMERICAN OIL AND REFINERY
I COMPANY, I
I ROOMS 322-323 PARROTT BUILDING, »
j3j SAN FRANCISCO. CAL. 5
h Oakland Agents — O'ROUKE & *
ll JACKSON, 1002 Broadway. |
BBMH._]I«MM.H«MMaMMw3
**......••••••.■•■-•■••. ..»»*.
I, The undoubted luxury and comfort, I
 unequaled cuisine, location and mod- I
 crate charges have made the I
♦ PALACE and \
| GRAND
t the most popular and fashionable ho- "
T tels in San Francisco. Operated Jointly ' '
t under one management. Correspond- o
♦ ence solicited. - ii
4 JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK, '
♦ Manager. \
/3 _ 3^v Dr. R. L. Walsh,
M^S&^uma-^K 815*1 GEARY ST.. bet
! *** s &m**s^\ Hyde and Larkin.
fe ~^^£oS^j Painless Extraction..
lit 1» m *Tf<V_f Crowns ...'s_i.o<>
>•. fi T, |» Ll>*' Flesh-colored Plate*.
«*MlUr**^" ...J»5.00
Continuous Gum Plates (no bad Joints) our
specialty. Have received TEN first prizes for
this branch of dentistry. No student*. li
yeara' experience.
last evening a shock of earthquake was
felt in this city. It was of brief duration
and did little damage.
FIVE THOUSAND KILLED
AND HUNDREDS INJURED
THE HAGUE. Oct. Official dis
patches from Batavia, capital of The
Netherlands Indies, confirm the reports
regarding the earthquake on the island of
Coran. It occurred on September!.''. . Not
only the town of Amhei. on the south Bide
of the island, was destroyed, but several
other villages were wrecked.
The official advices declare that no
fewer than 5000 persons were killed and
hundreds of others seriously injured.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
LnuLLjUll&Lu.
Opening of
New
Fall and Winter
Underwear,
Shirts, Gloves,
Hosiery,
Neckwear, Etc.
Reliable Goods.
Popular Prices.
v
748-750 Market St.
242 Montgomery St.
RALLY
REPUBLICANS,
RALLY !
TO-NIGHT !
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
HON, HORACE DAVIS,
HON. IRVING M. SCOTT
And Candidates on the Municipal
Ticket Will Address the
Meeting.
1 NOP!
Taxes Due Upon Assessments
Made by the State Board
of Equalization,
CONTROLLER'S DEPARTMENT.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA,
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 11, 1899.
In accordance with the provisions of Section
1 366S of the Political Code, notice is hereby
given that I have received from the State
Board of Equalization the "Duplicate Record
of Assessments of Railways" and the "Dupli-
cate Record of Apportionment of Railway As-
sessments," containing the assessments upon
the property of each of the following named
associations or corporations as fixed by said
State Board of Equalization for the year ISS9
to-wit: - • "
California Pacific Railroad Company, Cen-
tral Pacific Railroad Company. Northern Cali-
fornia Railroad Company. Northern Railway
Company, South Paclflc Coast Railroad Com-
pany, Southern Pacific Railroad Company
! Southern California Motor Road Company'
| San Francisco and North Pacific Railway
Company, Southern California Railway Com-
pany, Santa Fe Pacific Railroad Company
■ North Pacific Coast Railroad Company Sari
Francisco and San Joaquin Valley Railway
Company, Nevada County Narrow-Gauge Rail-
road Company, Carson and Colorado Railroad
Company. Nevada-California-Ore-ron Railway
Company, Pajaro Valley Consolidated Railroad
Company, Pacific Coast Rallwav Company
I Alameda and San Joaquin Railroad Company'
; Gualala River Railroad Company. California
•nd Nevada Railroad Company. Sierra Railway
. Company of California, Sierra Valley Rallwav
Company. San Francisco and San Mateo Elec-
tric Ra.lway Company. Randsburg Rallwav
Company, and Pullman Palace Car Company.
The State and county taxes on all personal
property and one-half of the State and county
taxes on all real property are now due and
payable and will be delinquent on the last
Monday In November nest, at 6 o'clock r> m
and unless paid to the State Treasurer at the
Capitol, prior thereto, 6 per cent will be added
to the amount thereof, and unless so paid on
or before the last Monday In April next, at
« clock p. m., an additional 5 per cent will
b» added to the amount thereof
The remaining one-half of State and county
taxes on all real property will be due and
■ payable after the first Monday in January
next, and will be delinquent on the last Mon-
day In April next, at 6 o'clock p. m and
unless paid to the State Treasurer, at the
?o a Te\rnount h the t reof! per cent 5« be added
to the amount thereof.
I E. P. COLGAN. State Controller.
WEEEY. CALL
Enlarged to 16 Pages
$1 per Year.ONE MORE DAY THAT
BROUGHT NO BREEZE
Managers of the International Yacht
Race Are Losing Faith in
the Elements.
•♦■ ♦♦ ♦ ♦ -*- ■*■ ■+ —* v -»- -r -ft ■ t •*-*-»•-*• -f-t-t-
X NEW YORK, Oct. 14.— The %
+ operator at Sandy Hook at ■+
£ 1 :45 a. m. reports no wind and I
r dense fog. The prospect is for +
♦ calm weather. "t
♦ +
♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦•♦♦+♦♦♦♦♦
NEW YORK, Oct. 13.— winds asleep
In their caverns and a coverlet of white
fos drawn over the bosom of the drowsy
ocean to-day lengthened the unprece
dented record of flukes in the cup con
test to six. As on Tuesday, the yachts
did not leave their anchorage inside
Bandy Hook. It was useless to make an
other attempt in such weather, so at the
hour set for the start the regatta com
mittee boat poked out to sea through the
dense bank of vapor and announced to
the group of vessels assembled about the
lightship the same monotonous story that
there would be no race to-day.
Everybody is thoroughly disgusted. The
patience of the public is almost exhaust
ed. From 50,000 persons who went out on
the first day the crowds have dwindled
until it is perfectly safe to say that less
than 5000 persons were afloat to-day.
The outlook was so gloomy from a
-making standpoint that some of
the excursion boats which sold tickets for
the series of races were trying to-day to
McKINLEY PRAISES
NORTH DAKOTANS
The President Speaks at
Fargo.
«
KIND WORDS FOR VOLUNTEERS
♦
THEIR WAR RECORD HIGHLY
COMMENDED.
♦ —
Chief Executive Refers Sarcastically
to Aguinaldo's Plea for Peace
With Independence for
Filipinos.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FARGO. N. D., Oct. 13.-Over 10.000 per
sons greeted President McKinley and his
party when they arrived here to-night at
7:30. Entering carriages the party was
driven to a reviewing stand through a
line of the First North Dakota Volun
teers, who recently returned from the
Philippines. The President was received
with wild demonstrations. In his address
he referred repeatedly to the situation in
the Philippines. When he declared the
"United States Government would send
60,000 men to the Philippines to uphold the
American flag, where the volunteers had
placed it, the crowd approved the declara
tion with wild applause. The President
said in part:
I have come here especially that I might look
Into the taces of the North Dakota Volunteers,
who saw service ln the battle line in Luzon.
You did your duty and you tilled my heart with
joy when with other volunteers and regulars,
you sent me word that you would not quit the
battle line in Luzon '.11 could create a new
army and send it there. You refused to beat
a re'trert or shirk your colors in the presence
of the enemy. No matter who wanted you to
£o home you said. "We will stay and keep^the
tiag stainless in the presence of the enemy."
No soldiers cf any country ever had any more
delicate or trying 'duty. This army, of which
this fragment from your State formed a part,
remained in Luzon waiting, first for the treaty
of peace, which was being perpared in Paris,
then for its ratification by the Senate of the
United States, then until the exchange of
ratification between the Unit States and
Spain— waiting through all that long period,
accepting the insolence of the insurgents with
dignity, because they were ordered by the ex
ecutive of the nation not to strike a blow pend
ing the treaty of peace, except in defense. They
accepted; therefore, the insolence of the Insur
gents: with a patience sublime.
We never dreamed that the little body of In
surgents whom we have Just emancipated from
Spain would turn upon the flag that had de
livered them from Siialn. Then it was that
the insurgent leader began an attack upon
our men and then our boys let loose. But I
always thought the boys were quite ready for
It. (Applause.; I want to give them the ere lit
of saying here in the presence of their neigh
bors ami friends, their fathers -.'! mothers,
that these boys forebore all things rather than
disobey the order of the Government they were
Eervingr. The leader of the insurgent " forces
lays to the American Government: "You can
have peace if you will give us Independence."
Peace for independence, he says. He had an
other price than that for peace once before,
but the United States ays no gold for peace.
We never gave a hribp for peace in all our
history and we never will. (Applause.)
Ourj flag is there where you left it. you >.'.>«
BACK-ACHING
WOMEN.
-. — __ Backache
_$_5£A in
S^L-v -* women
,«S*H_*y * c Is one of
war--. -? .-"• '" <J t he
4-W*,ff)gM? hading
3- 1 -< "■»'■ '3 symptoms
'.-*-".. \/, of
? -'' < disease
/ c%. v^TrMyJ •of the
/ *tb» » t><\ \H'' delicate
/ ' i_> J^? L \I -i maternal
/ /*_' '.".<—. & organs,
? &V_^ 1 '.■ ~ and
VA7WlryWv J> should
' sP \ /V .Af not be
\ ;-■-£_ ■'"i^>' t '^ J fij^s^ passed
■JO.^' ! • B3»?_ by.
>- v trjgj}. IK
/' \p|»or eht
Hi A jfl «' severe,
/{'[ \ \ 'ifXr* warning
/'I <\ br^'At'. ' neverthe-
'll •' less.
\»l HUDYAN
,j \! brings
prompt
fiiL'DYAN FOR WOMEN »\ relief;
V All Urufiui-ts. 50j. / for
HUDYAN by correcting uterine and
ovarian trouble, cures this distressing
ache. •
HUDYAN al^o cures palpitation of th*
heart (fig. 1). choking sensations (fig. 2),
paleness, emaciation (fig. Z); hollow eyes
(tig. 4), headaches dig. 5), . old extremi-
ties (tig. G). weak back (fig. 7), These are
all s>mptoms of Female Weakness.
HUDYAN cures, and permanently, too.
Female complaint is nearly always asso-
ciated with Nervous Disorder. The least
thing worries and excites the patient.
She is irritable, melancholy, forgetful.
The smallest task ems wearisome.
Uterine or Ovarian trouble is the cause*
of al! this nine times nut of ten
Remember HUDYAN. it cures posi-
tively. HUDYAN brings back the glow
of health.
HUDYAN at drug stores— so cents a
package, six packages $2.50. If your drug-
I'st does not keep it Bend direct to the
/ il »VAN REMEDY CO.. corner Stock-
ion, EUis and Market streets, San Fran-
risco, Cal. ___
Consult HUDYAN Doctors About \
STour Case Free of Charge. Call or j
Write. j
redeem them, with the Intention of aban
doning their excursions altogether.
The repeated postponements have also
worn the patience, of the committee and
the owners of the two yachts, Sir Thomas
and Commodore Morgan each have a
I company of Invited guests aboard their
! yachts, but it Is very desolate for the
| hosts as well as their guests to lie quietly
, at anchor Inside the dreary sandspit, with
I nothing to look at but blank wails of
! fog. « .
The delays have been equally trying
! upon the crews of the racers. For more
1 than ten days the tars have been keyed
I up to racing pitch, and they are begin
; ning to feel the effects of the strain.
Experts estimate that the big club top
: sail which the Shamrock showed yester
! day for the first time contains about SOO
'• more square feet of canvas than the
, similar sali of the Yankee boat Add to
: tills the excess of sail area of her lower
sails, as shown by the official measure
! ments, and tho foreigner is capable of
i spreading something like 1200 square feet
i more canvas to the wind than the Colum
i bia. In light airs, therefore, the Sham
rock must have a great advantage, and
' the patriots are whistling for a spanking
i breeze that will prevent the hoisting of
i these sky-scraping sails and bring the
] two boats down to even terms in the mat
j ter of canvas.
; Another attempt will be made to race
; to-morrow.
One of the Columbia's wooden topsail
i yards was cut in half lengthwise by car
; penters on Sandy Hook pier this morning.
, the intention being to hollow it out and
' make it lighter.
of the North Dakota Volunteers. You left It
there in the hands of those who took your
places, without blot or Without ."tain. And
wherever that standard Is raised, whether In
the Western or in the Eastern Hemisphere, It
stands for liberty, civilization and* humanity.
Our Hag stands for liberty wherever It floats.
And we propose to put 60,000 men behind that
flag in Luzon to maintain the authority of the
United States and for the glory of the rejubllc
in the Interest of civilization and humanity.
We accept the responsibility of duty at what
ever cost.
Attorney General Griggs, Secretary
Long, Secretary Gage, Secretary Hitch
cock and Secretary Wilson and Senators
Hansbrough and McCumber spoke briefly.
The exercises were limited to speaking
and the review of the First North Da
kota Volunteers owing to the lateness of
the train.
At 9:30 o'clock the Presidential train
was transferred from the- Northern Pa
cific to the line of the Chicago, Milwau
kee and St. Paul Railway and departed
for Aberdeen, S. D.
FIRST TERRITORIAL
CONVENTION IN ALASKA
Opposes the Ceding to Great Britain
of Any Territory Acquired
From Russia.
SEATTLE. Wash., Oct. 13. -A special to
the Post-Intelligencer from Juneau. Alas
ka, says: Alaska's first Territorial Con
vention, attended by delegates from every
section of the Territory, was called to
order in the opera-house' on October 10,
and will spend two weeks in preparing for \
a presentation to the next Congress Alas
ka's needs In the way of legislation.
Ex-Governor A. P. Swineford was elect
ed permanent chairman and Al Hoffman
of Juneau secretary. Resolutions present
ed by Judge K. Delancy of Juneau were
adopted, expressing the uncompromising '
opposition of the convention to the sur
render to Great Britain in any manner of
any territory acquired by the United
States from Russia and calling upon
! President McKinley and the authorities
at Washington to firmly and steadfastly
resist all attempts, however insidious, of
; any foreign power for the dismemberment
!of Alaska. A copy of the resolutions was
forwarded to President McKinley.
j During to-day's session a letter was read
from Senator Foster of Washington, writ
ten subsequent to his visit to this Terri
tory last summer, which was received
with manifestations of approval and en
tered ln full upon the minutes. Standing ;
committees on all important branches of
the convention's proposed work were ap
pointed. . They will do most of the work :
in the committee room. The largest dele
gations are from Douglas, Skaguay and
Juneau.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
David B. Bork Appointed Postmaster
at Keswick.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 13.— twice a
week postal service between Bakersfiela
and Langdon, Kern County, Cal., will be
established on October 20.
The Postoffice Department has leased
the building of Grant & McKie for five
years at Visalia for a postoffice at a ren
tal of $100 per annum.
David B. Bork was to-day appointed
postmaster at Keswick, Shasta County,
vice Louis Schuckmann, resigned; also
E. C. Meldinger at Penrose, Ventura
County, vice Adella M. Peaciy, resigned
By direction of the Secretary of Wat-
Major Leons Roudiez, quartermaster, will
proceed to Washington on official busi
ness pertaining to the refrigerating and
ice-making plant for the Philippine
Islands.
First Lieutenant Clarence B. Millhoff
assistant surgeon, Is relieved from fur
ther duty in the general hospital, Pre
sidio, San Francisco, and will report to
the commanding general, Department of
California.
Captain Edgar W. Howe, Seventeenth
Infantry, will proceed to San Francisco.
Acting Assistant Surgeons John T. H.
Slayter, now at Cambridge, and Francis
G. Englehardt, now at Syracuse, will
proceed to Elan Francisco.
Under instructions from the President
Captain Joseph B. Handy, now at San
Francisco, is honorably discharged from
the volunteer army by the Secretary of
War. to take effect on October 31. ' Re
cruit Peter Debernardl, Eleventh Cavalry
now supposed to be at the Presidio of
San Francisco, is transferred as a private
to the band of the Thirtieth Infantry
Pensions: For California: Original-
Edwin R. Alexander, dead, Agnews $6"
Thomas M. Pursell. Soldiers" Home. [Jos
Angeles, %H. increase— Charles C. Wllley
Soldiers' Home, Lob Angeles, $6 to $8;
John Heales. San Jose. f8 to $10; Freder
ick Schultheis, San Diego, 38 to $12. Orig
inal widows, etc.— Alice Ann Gray, Lom
poc, $8; Francis Alexander, Agnews $S
Oregon: Original — Harmon Ogden
Troutdale. $6.
Washington: Original widows, etc.—
Sarah A. Stiles, mother, Colville, 312; Ma
ria C. Herrin, Walla Walla, $8.
MISSIONARIES MEET
cood Work Done by the Society Dur
ing the Past Year.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 13.— The Woman's
Foreign Missionary Society met to-day
and elected the old board of officers, a*
follows: Mrs. C. V. Kummer of San
Jose, president; Mrs. Charlotte O'Nell of
Pasadena, corresponding secretary; Mrs.
A. J. Hanson of San Jose, assistant corre
sponding secretary: Mrs. Lulu C. Spencer
of Manzana, recording secretary; Mrs J.
R. stead if Los Angeles, assistant cor
responding secretary: Mrs. '/. L. Parrn.i
lee of Los Angeles, treasurer.
Mis Clara V. Kummer was selected to
represent the northern part of the State
at the meeting of the general executive
committee, which will meet the latter!
part of next week in Cleveland, Ohio.
Mrs. D. C. Ccok of Elgin, 111.; was ap
pointed to represent the southern part of
California at this meeting.
The reports given this morning show
that the growth of the organization for
the past ear has been greater than for
the same length of time at any other I
period since its organization.
Will Pack Fish.
MONTEREY, Oct. 13.— M. R. Duarte,
who owns the largest fishing business of I
tills town, has erected a fish packing j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1899,
NORTHWESTERN TRAIN
ROBBED NEAR CHICAGO
Five Men Board a Limited Express, Blow Open and
Loot the Safe and Escape Hotly Pursued
by Officers From the City.
Volleys of Bullets Are Sped Toward the Crew, and the Engineer Is
Wounded While Resisting the Demands of the Outlaws That He
Run His Locomotive Away From the Train.
CHICAGO, Oct. 14.— Masked robbers
held up train No. 9 of the Northwestern
Railroad shortly before midnight between
Maple Park and De Kalb and shot at Dan
White, the engineer, and ran away with
and blew open the express car and safe.
When the robbers had rifled the car they
disappeared. '.:';•';.; ',
Train No. 9 forms part of the fast trans
continental mail, which was recently es
: tablished between New York and San
j Francisco. The run is made from Chicago
i to Council Bluffs on a schedule exceed
ing a mile a minute. It has been the gen
eral custom to carry only two cars, one
containing express matter and the other
! mail.
Train No. 9 left the Northwestern depot
at 10 o'clock, with Dan White, a veteran
I employe of the road, as engineer. No
! stops were scheduled before De Kalb, at
! which place the train was due shortly
before 11 o'clock. At Maple Park, fifty
miles from Chicago, It was discovered
I that tower "W," at Elburn, was either
out of order or was not giving the right
signal. Dan White closed the throttle
quickly and brought the train to a stand
still.
j The train was midway between Elburn
i and Maple Park. White had hardly
brought his engine to a standstill when
two masked men jumped on the steps and
i pointed guns at him and the fireman.
"Throw up your hands:" they shouted.
1 The railroad men did so.
Two robbers detached the engine from
. the rest of the train and White was told
jto pull out. The robbers ordered him to
i take his engine two miles up the track.
, There he attempted to make a fight and
| recapture his engine. . He struggled man
: fully, but finally one of the robbers shot
at him, but failed to hit him.
In the meantime four other men had
attacked the conductor and the brakeman.
; Numerous shots were fired to intimidate
house near the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company's wharf, and will hereafter
carry on an extensive fish smoking and
packing business. He will euro sardines
chiefly, although mackerel and other
kinds of fish will also be put up. . Monte
rev Bay affords large quantities of sar
dines at all seasons of the year, and there
Is no doubt that the industry will prove
a lucrative one for its owner and will also
give employment to many hands.
SUBTERRANEAN LAKE IN
HEART OF A MOUNTAIN
Discovery Made by a Party of Pros
pectors, in British
Columbia.
VICTORIA, B. C, Oct. 13.— discov
ery has been made at Goldstream, within
twenty miles of Victoria, of a large sub
terranean lake in the heart of Mount
Skirt which attains an altitude of 1100
feet above the level of the sea. There are
a number of gold and copper properties
there, all of which promise to be very
rich. The find was made by a party con
sisting of P. H. and Chris Peterson and
A. G. West, all of this city. They had a
partner. W. A. Saunders, who has just
returned from Alaska, and he will leave
by the next steamer for San Francisco
to endeavor to interest capitalists. The
three men were following a rich ledge
of copper ore between fifteen and twenty
feet wide, found by them on the moun
tain. In going about this work they
found a natural shaft sinking at an
angle in the very center of the ledge and
decided to explore It.
About twenty feet from the surface
Peterson found the passage open out Into
a large chamber. Candles were lighted
and the men found that they stood on a
narrow shelving platform of quartz, while
Stretching away as far as they could see
lay a lake which proved to be of fresh
water of icy coldness. The depth of the
water could not be fathomed. Seven or
eight feet above their heads extended a
roof of blackened rock, from which were
suspended Icicle-shaped pendants, lack
ing, however, the brilliancy of stalactites.
interesting as the phenomenon may be
on its own merits it will also be of great
advantage in exploiting the ledge. By
installing a siphon the lake can easily
be emptied, even though of great depth.
This will leave an Immense tunnel, which
will greatly facilitate the work of stoping
and will form an ideal tunnel for explora
tion.
MUST GO TO SCHOOL.
State Truant Law Will Be Enforced
in Pasadena.
PASADENA. Oct. 13.— Steps have been
taken by the School Trustees of Pasadena
to enforce the State truant law, which re
quires of parents or guardians that chil
dren between the ages of 8 and 14 years
be sent to school during at. least two
thirds of the school year, unless excused
by the Board of Education because of
physical disability, poverty or attendance
at private schools. lasts are in prepara
tion by the principals of the seven schools
which will contain the names of all chil
dren in the seven districts who should be
in school, but are not. These lists will
be given to Marshal Lacey, who will no
tify the parents and guardians.
In case the" law is not compiled with
after notice has been served, the Board
of Trustees will prosecute. The penalty
is a maximum fine of $20 for th.. first of
fense and between $20 and (60 for subse
quent offenses, which fines go to the
school funds when collected. There are
at present- ISSO pupils in the schools. More
than 100 truants will be brought In by th«
enforcement of the law.
Armistice Extended
>ec!al Cable to The Call and the New York
Hem!.]. Copyrighted. 1899, by James Gor
don Mennett.
CARACAS. Venezuela. Oct. 13.— The
armistice agreed upon between the Gov
ernment forces and the rebels has been
farther extended until to-morrow It is
understood President Andrade will have
a conference with General Castro, leader
of the insurgents, before the armistice ex
pires.
Injured by Dynamite.
SALINAS, Oct. Miss Annie Grove,
the 19-year-old daughter of a prominent
rancher of this valley, was Injured by an
explosion of dynamite to-day. The brother
of the girl found- three small tin boxes
and took • them homo. His sister com
menced to pry off the cover if one of
them, when it exploded and lacerated her
horribly. Miss Grove will be disfigured
for life if she recovers.
Water Company Loses,
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 13.-The Supreme
Court to-day affirmed the decision of the
Superior Court In the case of the city
of San Diego vs. the San Diego Water
Company. The suit arose over the
amount of money to be paid the water
company during the time the cltv was in
possession of the plant, and was" decided
in favor of the municipality.
Fire at Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY', Oct. 13.— The five-story
brick building at 415 Delaware street, oc
cupied by the C. J. Baker Tent and Awn
ing Company, was destroyed by fire to
night. The Baker company's loss is in*) -
000, with 140,000 Insurance, and the loss on
the building is $20,000.
-♦ ,
Kaiser Will Not Visit England.
BERLIN. Oct. 13.— Emperor William, it
is authoritatively announced, will not visit
England tills year. He had made Queen
Victoria a conditional promise to do so,
but the altered political complexion has
compelled him to abandon his intention.
; them. The conductor was unable to make
i any resistance, as he was told he would
be killed. One of the brakemen managed
: to escape in the darkness, and raced to
; Elburn, where he sent the alarm to the
train dispatcher in Chicago.
The robbers, after overpowering the
; conductor, ordered the express messen-
I ger, Frank Hobson, to admit them to the
I car..
"You open up that car," one of the
robbers shouted, "or we'll blow it up."
Hack from the car came a shout: "You
try to force it open and I'll shoot the
first man who shows his head!"
A volley of shots was the reply, and
after several bullets had whistled past
big head the express messenger opened
the car. The robbers put revolvers to his
head and compelled him to give up the
keys to the local safe. They then blew
open the door of the through safe with
dynamite, the explosion wrecking the car.
The robbers grabbed all the money and
express packages they could and fled. Al
though It is impossible to give with any
great accuracy the amount, it is estimat
ed by the officers of the American Ex
press Company that there was $25,000 in
the safes. This amount was stated early
to-day by General Manager Anrisdel of
the American Express Company to have
been In the car in cash alone. The amount
of jewelry, etc., Mr. Anrisdel . says he
could not state.
The news of the holdup was received in
Chicago before 12 o'clock. Word was sent
at once to the superintendent and a spe
cial train was ordered made up. Messen
gers were dispatched for Detective Reilly,
Chief of the Special Police of the North
western system.
When the train dispatcher was notified
he gave orders to freight No. US. bound
east, to stop at Geneva and return at
once to the scene of the holdup.
The trainmen of No. US had noticed No.
& standing on the track with a detached
engine as they went by, but had thought
nothing in particular of It.
When the freight crew reached tower
"W" they found the operator bound,
gagged and tied to a chair. When released
DAY OF OVATIONS
FOR THE ADMIRAL
New England Crowds
Cheer Dewey.
THREE STATES DO HIM HONOR
FROM MONTPELIER TO BOSTON
ENTHUSIASM RUNS HIGH.
The Nation's Guest Lays the Corner
stone of a Hall Bearing His
Name at Norwich
University.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NORTHFIELD, Vt., Oct. Admiral
Dewey to-day laid the cornerstone of
Dewey Mall, which is to be a part of
Norwich University, the institution in
which the admiral received his earliest
military training. I The admiral was es
corted from his train to the university
by the Norwich University cadets and
the First Regiment, Vermont National
Guard. Admiral Dewey spread the mortar
and as the cornerstone was lowered said:
"I now declare this stone duiy and truly
laid, and according to my wish."
Senator-elect Chauncey M. Depew of
New York delivered the address of the
day. At the conclusion of Mr. Depew's
address Admiral Dewey held a reception
for a short time
BOSTON, Oct. 13.— Admiral Dewey and
a small party of friends, Including his
son and Lieutenant Brumby, left North
field, Vt.. at 12:20 o'clock this afternoon
on a special train of two parlor cars.
At every station there was a cheering
crowd and occasionally a Grand Army
post would be drawn up In line. Salutes
were fired with torpedoes or with rifles.
At each station the train was slowed up
so that the people could see the admiral,
who sat at the .windows In .he rear car.
At White River Junction the train was
sent across the river to West Lebanon,
where the train of President Tuttle of
the Boston and Maine road was waiting,
containing besides the president and other
railroad officials Governor Frank W. Rol
lins and other New Hampshire officials,
and representatives of the Governor and
Legislature of Massachusetts. The car
in which the admiral rode was attached
to President Tuttle's train and Governor
Rollins, who was to conduct the admiral
through New Hampshire, was introduced
to his guest. By this time the crowd of
sightseers was cheering and the admiral
stepped upon the rear platform in time
to near the' Dartmouth boys from Han
over give the yell. Then they called far
a speech and the admiral said:
"I can't make a speech."
Just then the train started, the college
boys veiled and the admiral called out:
"That's it. boys; you'll own the country
some day."
As the train ran through New Hamp
shire the enthusiasm increased as the
crowds were larger. Factories along the
track blew their whistles, fire bells were
rung and torpedoes were continually ex
ploding along the track. At all the sta
tions the train ran slowly and the ad
miral and Governor Rollins stood together
on the platform, bowing right and left.
At Concord the crowd was a big one.
The train pulled down to the railroad
shops, where a change of engines was
made. The • new. engine, labeled the
"Olympia," backed up to where the ad
miral could see the front. It bore an im
mense gilt medallion of the admiral on
the boiler head, while under it was a
miniature barbette with long guns and
the inscription, "Stand to your guns and
obey orders."
While the train was in waiting Admiral
Dewey, from the rear platform, was
greeted by several of St. Paul's school
boys and shook bands with several
friends. Then the train continued to
Manchester, reaching there amid a salute
from the First New Hampshire Battery.
Each window in the great Amoskeag cor
poration building facing the railroad had
Its knot of operatives waving cloth or
aprons. As the train passed from New
Hampshire to Massachusetts territory
the Massachusetts representatives went
Into the admiral's car and were Intro
duced by Governor Rollins, who turned
the guest over to the care of Massa
chusetts.
At Lowell the crowd was larger than
any vet seen. From Lowell to Boston it
seemed as if the tracks were lined with
people so continuous was the cheering.
The train pulled Into the union station
in this city at 6:05 p. m., to find there a
terrific jam of humanity. Fully 25,000
persons were crowded ln and around the
station, and in the rush to get a look at
th.- hero he was well nigh carried off his
foet. He was met by Mayor Quincy and
a delegation representing the Homo Mar
ket Club, the Chamber of Commerce and
other municipal bodies. The admiral rode
at the head of a column of 10,000 war
veterans through the city's principal
downtown streets to the Hotel Touralne,
which will be his home during his stay
of three days. The admiral's escort to
night were the naval veterans and fol
lowing them were posts of the Massachu
setts Department of the Grand Army and
Spanish war veterans. All the streets
were profusely decorated and crowds
i he gave the first real information to the
! officials.
He said at 10:30 o'clock four men had
■ come Into the tower and asked him the
; number of the next train golifc? west. They
wanted to know if it was not No. 9, but
the operator says he told them it was
No. 119
The robbers then told the operator he
i was a fool, that they knew better. To
I show the operator they had laid their
I plans thoroughly and knew what they
i were talking about they pointed guns at
his head and told him if he made a move
they would kill him. They tied him no
with ropes, stuffed a towel in his mouth
and told him if he was a good fellow he
would escape without being hurt. They
then set the signals which caused No. 9
to slow up.
The train dispatcher made repeated ef
forts to reach the Maple Park operator
: when no report was made to him for fif
; teen minutes of the passing of No. 9.
| It was lirst thought at the Northwestern
j office that No. 9 had been wrecked, and
I orders were sent up and down the line to
1 watch out and report an accident If any
had occurred.
The police headquarters in Chicago were
notified of the holdup at midnight. Detec
; tives were sent at once to the outlying
1 stations of the Northwestern In the hope
iof getting some trace of the robbers.
| Lieutenant Williams said there was little
; question that the robbers were Chicago
i crooks, as all the old-time train robbers
j have been captured, and It was thought
that the practice had been pretty well
| broken up. A message was sent to all the
! police stations of Chicago to look for the
robbers.
The stopping of the mail train brings
the United States authorities directly into
tho case as well as the express company
and special police, service of the railroad
company. If the robbers make their es
cape It will be by hiding in Chicago. Ev
ery effort is being made to prevent them
from getting into the city. If they are
compelled to stay out in the country over
night the chance of eluding the officers
will be slight.
lined the sidewalks. Red fire was burned
lavishly.
The admiral, after dinner, witnessed a
fine display of fireworks on Boston Com
mon from his apartments in he hotel
and retired soon after. To-morrow he will
have an arduous day. as he will attend
many functions. In the forenoon he will
hear the school children sing on the
common, be presented a watch at City
Hall and review a parade which will In
clude the entire State militia, mobilized
for its fall maneuvers. In the evening
there will be a banquet at the Algonquin
Club. The admiral expects to leave for
New York on Sunday.
TAMASESE PROCLAIMED
KING OF SAMOA
Natives Choose Their Favorite Ruler
Despite the Late Agreement of the
Treaty Powers.
CHICAGO, Oct. 14.— A special cable to the Chicago Tribune from Berlin says:
News comes frcm Apia that the natives have proclaimed Tamasese as King
despite the recent agreement of the United States, Germany and Great Britain
to abolish that office.
The Cologne Gazette's Apia correspondent sends a long indictment of the
Consular Government. He says the natives do not conceal their disrespect for
the representatives of the treaty powers, relating a singular incident as an illus
tration. Tamasese Invited the officials and the leading white citizens of Apia
to a wedding feast. All went except the Germans.
The American Consul, Mr. Osborne, made a speech, thus giving the affair
official recognition. Thereupon Tamasese's followers danced and sang impromptu
songs proclaiming Tamasese as King and announcing the destruction of the
opposing natives if they resisted his authority.
When the letter was mailed, September 8 hundreds of Tamasese's and Tanu's
followers were gathered at Apia preparing to swear allegiance before the eyes of
the foreign Consuls by presenting gifts and attesting homage. The letter says a
New Zealand lawyer named Gurr is managing the affair.
COUNCIL DELIBERATIONS.
The Democratic Party's Platform Si-
lent on the Labor Question.
The silence of the Democratic party on
the labor question In its platform was
the cause of comment at the meeting of
the Labor Council last night. A dele
gate in speaking of the omission made
the statement that he had noticed that
the Republican party had placed a plank
In its platform favoring labor unions. In
order to be correct on the proposition,
and fearing that the entire platforms of j
the parties had not been carefully printed j
In the dally newspapers, he moved the
following resolution, which was adopted: i
Resolved, That the secretary be instructed to
obtain from the county committees of the vari
ous political parties bearing on municipal tick
ets in the field copies of planks In their plat
forms relating to organized labor and present
said copies to this council as early as prac
ticable.
The boycott on Techau's Tavern has
been extended to cover all parts of the
building. Heretofore it only applied to
the dining room, but now the entire
building has been blanketed. The Musi
clans' Union complained of the Danish
society Daniaand Danish Brotherhood of
Oakland for hiring "scab" music at . its
moonlight picnic which will be held on
the night of October 22. The Carpenters'
Union No. 36 of Oakland were notified of
this fact, several of Its members being
also members of the society.
A communication was received from
Samuel (Jompers, ln which it was stated
thet the Bricklayers' and Masons' appli
cation for affiliation to the A. F. of L.
would not be acted on before the regu
lar annual meeting in January next. He
found fault with the San Francisco trades
unions for not giving the bricklayers'
local union due recognition. This union,
lie said, was affiliated with the interna
tional union, and as such was entitled to
a respectful consideration.
The delegates from the Theatrical
State Employes' Union. W. G. Rusk and
Robert Little, were seated, as was A.
Foertsch from the Milkers' Union.
The Fresco and Paperhangers' organi
zation received its charter from the
Brotherhood of Painters and Decorators
of America, and was duly Installed last
night.
A decision from the Supreme Court of
Michigan indorsing the action of Judge
Mogan to a certain degree was hailed
with much delight. It is as follows:
Laborers have the. right to fix a price upon
their labor and to refuse work unless that
price Is obtained. Singly or In : combination
they have this right. They may present their
cause to the public in newspapers or circulars
in a peaceable way and with no attempt at
coercion. If the effect - of such a case is ruin
to the employer It Is damnum obosque Injuria,
for they have only exercised their legal rights!
At a meeting of the Building Trades
Council last night the plasterers' and
stalrbullders' delegates were admitted to
full membership.
The secretary was Instructed to com
municate with political county commit-
The P' ihppine War.
This contest is proving much more stubborn
than we anticipated. It needs a vigorous con
test to straighten matters out. We should
tackle the Philippines and overcome them as
Hosteller's Stomach Bitters does dyspepsia,
Indices' malaria, fever and ague and liver
and kidney diseases. The battle Is short and
decisive, and for fifty years the Bitters has
always won. If you are 111, and don't know
what's wrong, try it.
REBELS ENCOUNTERED
BY AMERICAN SCOUTS
Three Soldiers Killed and Two
Wounded in an Engagement
Fought at Muntinlupa.
MANILA, Oct. Major Cheatham
with a scouting party, while proceeding
along the west shore of the lake . _>ster
day, encountered a force of rebels strong
ly Intrenched at Muntinlupa. Major
Cheatham reports that he drove t.:e
rebels from their position and that in the
engagement three Americans were kl'.leu
and two were wounded.
Rumors are In circulation In Mffnilathat
Major Cheatham discovered three Ameri
can prisoners who had been bound,
gagged and 3hot by the insurgents. rne:e
reports have not been confirmed, how
ever.
One Sandago, a lieutenant of the native
police, has been arrested and lodged in
jail, his subordinate having reported to
the authorities that he was em.eavoring
to enlist them In a plot to turn the police
against the Americans In the event of an
uprising.
Reports having reached the provost
marshal that arms were concealed at the
headquarters of the Dominican Friars, a
large building adjoining the place, a de
tachment of soldiers made a search of
the building. They found a small stock
of rifles, revolvers and ammunition, which
were confiscated despite the protests of
the Friars that the arms were not intend
ed for unlawful use. _n
General Schwan, with the infantry, has I
reached Bacoor. The troops are greatly
exhausted, having had one of the hard- '
est marches of the campaign. From Ma- \
labon to Perez dcs Marinas they marched
through roadless rice fields. The Fourth '
Infantry from Imus joined General
Schwan at Perez dcs Marinas. The Fil
ipinos had deserted the town upon learn- i
j tees regarding the boycott on Owens &
! Vflrney, the billposters.
The Carpenters' Union No. 22 notified
, the Trades Council that it had withdrawn
' all patronage from a certain labor week
i ly and refused to longer consider it the
organ of the union.
Baker Gets Decision.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 13.— George Baker
of Salt Lake got the decision at the end
of the twentieth round go with Billy De
coursey of this city before the Southern
California Athletic Club here to-night.
After the fourth round Baker had the
better of the go and landed his powerful
left in Decoursey's face repeatedly.
Dixon Too Fast for Callahan.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 13. — George \
Dixon of Boston and Tim Callahan of this
city fought six fast rounds at Industrial
Hall to-night, and If a decision had been !
given Dixon would have received it. Ow-' j
ing to a recent law decisions in fistic con
tests are not given.
Lowers Many Records.
BROCKTON, Mass., Oct. 13.— Eddie Mc-
Duffee broke all National Cycling Asso
ciation records for from three to thirteen
miles inclusive here to-night in a 2-"-mile
race with Ken Munroe of Memphis, Term
riding thirteen miles in 21:11.
The Scotsman Breaks Up.
MONTREAL. Oct. 13.— The steamer
Scotsman has gone to pieces. She broke
up during a storm on Sunday last and
her captain and the officers remaining
with him are being brought to Quebec
by the Government steamer Canadian
'•AV- ' _JI si^^ sS^^L &"•?*!
\ma// [{ suits would undoubtedly like to £s|-
WW/ know that we have a number of |i£
|/M( new patterns in, which we would >j*f
Ifc like to show samples of — call or write for ££.;
;\*£ them — they are freely given. £.;:•
:si| If you are used to paying $12.50 or so .§£
& for your clothes, these $10 suits should Wt
0£ interest you, as you are going to get prac- SgS
is)}\ tically the same suit for $2 50 or so less, "/*§.
£•$ and a year's protection besides. ££
/.';V. : ; . • £;.:
I s.n.wood&co. I
■ :; :C. 718 Market St. and j§^j
r4# Cor. Powell and Eddy. 5&;
'..•;.. ' • •.•V.\
j__ii_iM__3fe__s_ate^
ing of the approach of the Americans,
leaving only the women and children be
hind.
Two strong shocks of earthquakes, last
ing several seconds, were felt in Manila
at 10 o'clock this evening.
AMERICANS WOUNDED
IN RECENT FIGHTS
WASHINGTON. Oct. 13.— The War De
partment has received the following list
of casualties from General Otis:
WOUNDED. .
Fourth Infantry, at Imus, September 29, B,
Frank flu?s. thigh, severe; John W. Smith.
foot, moderate; X, Frank Hickade, thigh, mod
erate; October 3. Sergeant William liori. ear,
slight.
At San Nicholas. October 8, E, James Mc-
Gltnchey, back, moderate.
At Imus. Fifth Artillery, September 29. F,
Louis Liver, knee, severe.
At San Francis de Malabon, October 10,
Louis Arnold, chest, moderate.
Twenty-second Infantry, at Arayat, October
2, F. Archie Hutchison, arm, slight.
Twenty-fourth Infantry, near Santa Ana,
October 7, F. Sergeant David Holden. chest,
severe: James Smith, thigh, severe.
Fourteenth Infantry, near Mariqulna. Octo
ber S. L, William li. Riney. neck, severe; Al
lan Nichols, G. • Frank Frager, forearm, se
vere; Owen B. Hill, leg. severe.
Hospital Corps, A. H. Bailey, leg, moderate.
Third Infantry, Ban Francisco de Malabon,
October 10. F. Norman Norton, knee, moder
ate; G, Peter Kankiwiz. arm. severe; H,
Charles E. Smith, thigh, severe.
Fourth Artillery. F. .Charles Wilson, thigh,
moderate; engineer battery. A. John T. Van
ness, leg, severe.
YAQUIS READY
FOR A BATTLE
Forces Mobilizing at
Sahuripa.
m .
MEXICAN ARMY OFFICERS ARE
GREATLY ALARMED.
•
Had Prepared a Grand Coup to Ex
terminate the Indians, but They
Have Been Effectually
Checkmated.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AUSTIN, Tex., Oct. -.-Information
reaching here to-night from Ortiz. State
of Sonora, Mexico, contains the following
information with reference to the Yaqui
Indian war:
Military scouting parties reaching the
military mobilization point at Torin, this
State, to-day, report that large forces of
Yaqui Indians are being mobilized at the
base of the mountains to the north of
that place, near Sahuripa. It is esti
mated that there are fully 200 Indians
there at present, and additional arrivals
are coming: in all the time. At the pres
ent time the Mexican forces, numbering
some 6000 troops in all. are mobilized in
or near Torin, and it is understood tne
object of their concentration at that point
ls to move into the Yaqui country at an
early date, probably about the middle of
next week, and open up a vigorous war
fare on the Indians, with a view of driv
ing them out and ending the war at once.
This mobilization of Mexican troops has
been conducted as quietly as possible,
with a view of sweeping down on the In
dians while they are still scattered
through the Yaqui country in small
bands, taking them by surprise and
sweeping them off the face of the earth,
orders having been given to take no pris
oners. The scouting parties, however,
state that the Indians have evidently
been informed of the mobilization of
troops, as they are mobilizing their forces
also and are preparing to offer a for
midable resistance in the advancement of
troops.
At present with 2500 men at their dis
posal at Sahuripa, which is considered
the key to the Yaqui country, the In
dians may be able to hold their own
against the troops with even half-way
fortifications. This reported mobilization
of the Indians was received with some
surprise by the Mexican forces, and may
possibly force them to change their plan
of action, but from reliable sources it is
learned that every effort will be made
to push the fight next week In the hope
of bringing it to a speedy termination.
Gathering Campaign Funds.
WOODLAND. Oct. 13.— Colonel J. H.
Budd representing the National Demo
cratic Committee, . is here soliciting sub
scriptions to aid in conducting an ag
gressive and vigorous campaign in 1900.
34
ARTILLERY ARM
BADLY MANAGED
Merritt Criticizes the
Service.
»
SYSTEM RADICALLY WRONG
♦
GENERAL URGES REMEDIAL
LEGISLATION.
— -
Officers at Present Have No Voice in
the Selection of the Ordnance
They Are Compelled
to Use.
S;x»c!ql Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Oct 13.-The annual
report of Major General Wesley Merritt.
commanding the' Department of the East,
headquarters at Governor's Island, New
York, was made public at the.U nited
States War Department to-day. The re
port is a strong arraignment of the whole
situation in the artillery branch of the
service, being particularly directed
against the, ordnance bureau and inci
dentally the quartermaster's department,
the latter for failure to furnish what
General Merritt considered proper quar
ters at artillery posts.
General Merritt says the system on
which' the artillery is organized Is wrong
in that the artilleryman, who is held re
sponsible for the work he has to do with
his guns, has no voice in the making or
selection of them, this being left entirely
to the ordnance bureau. But he adds that
Bince the engineer department in the
same • independent way furnishes the
artilleryman with his emplacements and
there has been no fault to find with this
portion of the equipment; there must be
something more than the mere system to
blame for the unsatisfactory condition of
affairs. -: . . : :'•.''■'.
• Jen-Till Merritt says he resumed com
ma no of that department on January 1
lust, since which time most of the in
fantry and cavalry in the department
have been ordered bo foreign .service,
leaving at present only four troops of
cavalry and three companies of infantry,
He- says he has no specific recommenda
tions to make regarding any one place.
The .[officers a,re known to be Intelligent,
industrious and serious in their efforts
to improve the efficiency of their com
mands, : • '_;'•
"That the. coast artillery is not to-day
In -ah efficient condition," General Mer
ritt says, "is due to causes over which
artillery officers have no control; nor can
these impediments be reached by the de
partment commanders. Some require the
action of the Secretary of War and oth
ers can be remedied only by Congress.
The needs of the artillery are most ably
presented in the report of the department
artillery .inspector, to which I invite at
tention. i do not feci called upon to urge
th. specific remedies which he proposes;
but I certainly coincide with the opinion
he expresses that the artillery is in need
of remedial legislation. 1 deem it my
duty to direct attention to the defects on
Which Major Storey treats in detail and
then leave the quesion of how they shall
be removed to the law-making authorities
and their advisors.
"Our cavalry and infantry to-day are
organized on a modern basis, are splen
didly officered and equipped and with ' reg
ular supplies,' of food.. clothing and ammu
nition ..■'.main within themselves the ele
ments of complete efficiency. This is not
true of the artillery. The officers are well
educated md zealous, but their efforts
are crumped by Imperfect organization,
and responsibility . for the efficiency or
inefficieey. of their arm li. not as it
should, with themselves, but very largely
ln other quarters. Lather through defects
of law or their own inefficiency the sup
ply departments upon which the artillery
Ie wholly dependent has frequently failed
to loyally st rye its interests. The tact
that the engineer department, working
under the same law. has under its pres
ent chief given the artillery no cause for
complaint would seem to indicate' that
something is wrong besides the law.
"This condition gives rise to the oft
expressed desire of the' artillery "for a
chief of that arm of the service, who
would see that ii is supplied with what it
needs to be effective, but 1. personally
have grave doubts as to this being the
most suitable remedy, as it may result in
adding another bureau to the War De
partment, which may be as difficult to
make i ffli
'1 desire, li addition, to call special at
tention to th- following points in the re
port of the tiller. inspector:
"1. The failure of the quartermaster's
department to niak.- timely provision for
housing tbe garrisons at new artillery
posts.
"2. The necessity for providing at artil
lery posts a permanent post non-com
missioned staff of specialists, electrician
and observer sergeants.
"3. The recommendation that the
strength of the coast artillery be fixed at
the Dumber uf men and officers required
to fully mat! the suns.
"It is observe that the artillery should
he inspected by 'In- artillery officers and
11..;- fact that the department command
er --• artillery inspector has no power to
inspect is a patent absurdity and one
which I urge may be disposed of at an
early date. The means of making any
arm of th" service all it should be should
rest with the peneral commanding the
geographical department In which the
eaid arm of the service is stationed "
MILLS WILL CASE.
Testimony All in and Arguments
Have Been Begun.
REDWOOD CITY, Oct. 13.-The taking
of testimony in the Mills estate contest
closed to-day and arguments were begun.
George C. Hickox. treasurer of the Cali
fornia and North .Pacific Ralroad. and
Max Gumpel of San Francisco both ex
perts, examined the handwriting in the
two statements alleged to have been writ
ten by Mills. In which he declared that
lit- had no children. Both were of the
..pinion that one of the declarations was
a forgery; of the other they were not so
positive. Gumnt '' , Sf,i<l that the signature
of Mills on a number of bank checks had
yo|^OT What we mean by a "bargain." MxQ\__l
HpJg||Sj«H CASSIMERE "VESTEE" REEFER SUITS, Ages 3to 8; RETAIL VALUE $3; For 3 Days, $1 50. Bg^^^S^HH
rS^^^Z^^^l^^l^f Mothers of boys ! Come down To-day (Saturday) or Monday and see what we mean by a special offer. We make this extraor- i^ifc^^^^^^J^^^l^^H
11111111 aL ItllSfttlj dinary offer to give spice and spirit to the first of our renewed announcements after an absence of three months from the l^g^^S^==^=^^tm|^^B
llliilll. fel^iteM daily papers. You wiil derive profit by watching henceforth for the ads of the big manufacturing and wholesale t^^^^_^ I iSIipSS
WWlim ''" i^Pllpf house, retailing (in this city only) at one profit on cost of production— direct "FROM MILL TO MAN." Iw^wl mSoffl
• \^M^^^ There is a satisfying assortment of these $/.50 bargains. We offer them not to bait you, but to IW&pli I^^Sw
ftPiiliillr ' please you. Yet tastes vary, and our stock of boys' clothing is large enough to satisfy all tastes. \^^^S likiSS
been tampered with to make it resemble
that of the disputed declaration. Judge
Fitzpatrick began an argument for the
plaintiffs this afternoon and sq.oko until
tho hour of adjournment. The case will
go to the Jury Monday.
OLD MINER RESCUED
BY THE DE VRIES PARTY
Captain Beck Found Unconscfipus
From Cold at Basalt
Meadows.
STOCKTON, Oct. Congressman May
rion de Vries and party, which left here 1
a week ago with the intention of making J
an extensive trip through the yosemite
Valley, has returned. De Vrles says win- \
ter has already come on with unusual
severity, and a trip over the trails was
impossible. Snow has already fallen as
far down as Fresno Flats, a condition not ;
known for years. All the Indians are
collecting and coming down from the]
higher altitudes. i The only, way to get in
now ls from the Inyo side, and if the'
I id weather continues this will be closed
before many days.
While at Basalt Meadows De Vries and
hi? companions picked up Captain Beck,
a well known mining man. The old man
had been In the higher altitudes on a j
prospecting trip. He started to come down
when the storm overtook him. Had he |
not struck the camp of the Congressman !
at Basalt Meadows he would surely have j
perished. When first discovered he was
In an unconscious condition. All the re- '
sources at hand were supplied him, but |
he- mained In a stupor and would not ,
awake from it. The question then was to |
get him out. Captain Beck was lashed j
to one of the horses with ropes and the :
way was made out slowly. It was still
bitterly cold, and Captain Beck did not |
revive during the whole trip. At last j
Fresno Plats was reached again, and !
there the old man was ensconced in the j
hotel and given all possible care. Just j
before the Stockton party left he had re- |
gained consciousness and seemed on a i
fair road to recovery. ;
STRIKE AT MONOPOLIES.
Important Ordinance Passed by Den
ver Supervisors.
DENVER, Oct. 13.— The Board of Su
pervisors passed this evening and Mayor
Johnson signed two important ordinances,
One provides for the Issuance of bonds by
the city to the amount of (4,700.000 for the
purchase of the plant of the Denver
Union Water Company, or the construc
tion of a new one. The other is to com
pel the street, railway company to heat Its
cars in winter. The Denver water Com
pany demands (9.000, 00 for Its plant.
MARIN LAWS BAR ANGLERS
The large body of anglers from this city
who have fished annually for steelheads
at the White House, Point Reyes, and at
Throckmorton Lagoon cannot do so this
winter. The Marin County officials passed
an ordinance in June last which prohibits
the taking of steelheads in any manner in
the streams under their jurisdiction. The
section of the ordinance covering this
matter reads as follows:
Any person who, In the County of Marin,
State of California, between the fifteenth
day of Octeber and the first day of April
in the following year shall catch, kill or de-
stroy any "salmon trout. ' "mountain
trout," "brook trout," "rainbow trout."
"speckled trout," or any other variety of
trout. Any person who shall, at any time,
catch, kill or destroy, with an; seine or net
or any spear, weir fence, banket, trap, grill
net, set net, dynamite or any poisonous,
deleterious or stupefying drug or other sub
stance or other Implement or appliance, any
trout named in this ordinance, or any spe
cies of trout in any of the streams, lakes or
waters lying within the count of Marin,
State of California, shall be guilty of a mis
demeanor. Provided, however, that any
person or persons may anide or catch trout
with hook and line between the ilrst day of
April and the fifteenth day of October ii.
each year.
John Butler has returned from Eel
River after a month's stay there. He
ha - nothing but good words for Humboldt
County and for its people. He was not
there for the best of the fishing, but nev
ertheless enjoyed good sport, On the day
before leaving for home he caught sev
enty-three half-pound steelheads.
Frank Maskey and wife and Fred Lees
and wife are In Humboldt County, divid
ing their time between duck and quail !
shooting and; the fishing.
G. W. Emmons. W. F. Bogart and Mr
Hews ton fished the Sacramento last Sat
urday and Sunday with moderate success.
Mr. Bogart secured sum.- large fish.
M. L. Cross and Al Wilson caught four- j
teen striped bass in the Oakland estuary j
some days since. None of the fish were
particularly large. !
CRICKET NEARLY OVER.
The regular schedule of matches pre
pared by the California Cricket Associa
tion for the season. of 1899 having been
played there will be no game to-morrow
on the Alameda grounds. Early in No
vember the California cloven, winners of
the Brown pennant, will visit Santa Cruz
and will play a match against the Santa
Cruz Country Club, which recently de
feated both the Pacific and the Alameda
teams in this city.
This afternoon a team of city cricket-'
ers will play a match on the Alami da
grounds against a team of apprentices
from British ships in the harbor. The
city team will be mad" up of the follow
ing: H. C C sidy, G. Hellmann, G. J.
Baugh, A. F. Chambers, B. Theobald, YV.
(i. Selwood, J. D. Robertson, J. Myers,
«'. P. Coles, C. Simmonds and G. Theo-
aid. The mercantile marine eleven is.
under the direction of the Rev. H. W. L.
O'Rourke of the Seamen's Institute.
Sunday's Handball Playing.
Professor John Riordan. manager of
Phil Ryan's handball court at 858 Howard
street, has made the positive announce
ment that the long-talked-of single
handed match between J. White and .T.
Collins will come off on Sunday. The
youngsters are in fine fettle and are anx
ious to _tee which shall be advanced to
the senior grade of athletes. The other
entries are:
W. Fisher and M. McDonald vs. P.
Ryan and M. Basch; E. Barry and D
Regan vs. T. Foley and J. Kirbv; M Mc-
Laughlin and W. Walsh vs. R. House
man ami J Hogan; D. Rodgers and M
McNeil vs. G. McDonald and H. Racoaiil
lat; J. Harlow and M. Maguire vs J
Riordan and E. P'oy; P. Donnelly and
it. Llnehan vs. M. J. Kilgallon and A.
Hampton.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, -SATURDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1809.
• m^% J^**^*
LOMO EARNED
THE VERDICT
BY A HEAD
Beat P. A. Finnegan at Odds
of 25 to \ — Muddy Going
at Oakland,
It is an accepted thing on the turf that
long shots will bob up in rainy weather,
and as the track at Oakland yesterday
was a sea of dark, splashy mud, the un
expected was looked for in any of the
races. It finally occurred in the third, a
mile selling affair, when Lomo. a 25 to 1
shot, with Buchanan in the saddle,
snatched the verdict from P. A. Finnegan,
the second choice, by a head. Unfortu
nately the winner was almost entirely
overlooked. The supposed good thing In
the betting, Tennessee Maid, backed from
SO to 10, cut a very prominent figure out in
front until headed for the wire, when she
stopped. Roadrunner, after running in
second position for two-thirds of the
route, was downed for the place by Finne
gan. The latter horse was plainly the
best, but a bungling ride deprived him of
the honors.
In the other events decided favorites
captured two and second choices two of
the purses. The attendance was good and
the betting better than on the day pre
vious.
Burns & Waterhouse sent Essence, a
half-sister to Heartsease and Normandio,
to the post in the opening scramble for
maiden two-year-olds. The filly was
played down in the ring from 8 to 5 to
even money and won all the way. Moun
taineer, the mount of Bozeman, second
throughout the running, led Miss Vera out
two lengths for the place.
Trainer "Tommy" Lottridge and his
partner, "Jack" Atkin, missed winning a
four-handed jackpot with the long
striding Faversham in the mile run fol
lowing. The select coin was sent in on
Lothian, making that horse an even
money choice. Somis and Correct were
in slight demand. There was apparently
plenty of bottom to the course, and the
mud dressing distressed Faversham not
the least. Ruiz had the. black horse un
der wraps from the start, and he won
snickering from the favorite. The latter
was fortunate indeed to get the place,
for had Fauntleroy on Correct worn his
mud lamps the latter would have been
second. , : 
Dr. Rowell's colors were seen In the
front for the first time at the meeting In
the seven furlong run, with but four
horses starting. Imperious, a 4 to 5 fa
vorite, with Jones up, spreadeagled his
company, winning ease,; up from Sor
row. Reolia, second choice, was away
from the barrier poorly, never being
able to get near the front.
Nine sprinters started in the final
five furlong dash, with Ftta II opening
a pronounced 6 to 5 favorite. The odds
against the chestnut mare receded to 5 to
2 Lily, and many no doubt were in
clined to think there was "nothing do
ing." Duffy had the leg up. and, trail
ins in fourth position to the stret<-b,
there made his move, and at the wire
downed Bamboulia, the post favorite,
without an effort. Campus took the
show from February.
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
Following are the entries for this af
ternoon's running events:
First race— Six furlongs: maiden three-year
olds and upward; selling.
147 Master Lie* 100 147 The Offering 100
147 Semper 1.-n....i»' 147 Seven Up 104
... IMckev Bird 105 111 Billy A 106
147 Lou Rev 105 147 Black Orphan... loo
117 Cora L, F 104
Second race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward: selling.
... ridd Eyes 109j 152 Rosalbra los
127 Indra 107 1.10 Castake it
].",(; Deerfoot 105 I l Ml I-avator 105
Third race— Futurity course; two-year-olds;
selling.
113 Fairfax 104't'14R)The Scot ..: Wl
143 The Buffo 105 025)Rlxford 11l
125 _s'ed Dennis 107i(1SSlChampion Rose.. 101
Fourth race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward; selling.
I.V, High Hoe 1141 lr.S Major Cook 107
1.17 Watossa 102 10( Scintillate 102
101 Shellac 114! 156 Katie Gibbons.. 97
Fifth rare— One and an eighth miles; three
year-olds rend upward; handicap.
044>Pat Morrts?ey...ll2| 142 Judge TVofford.. TO
Mamie ii 103 1 .4 New Moon 10.1
153 Rapido 901
Selections for To-Day.
First race- Leu Rey, Billy A. Semper I_eon.
•Second -Castake, Lavator, Rosalbra.
Third race— Dennis, Rixford, The Scot.
Fourth race— High Hoe, Katie Gibbons, : Wa
tossa.
Fifth race— Pat Morrisey, New Moon, Judge
Wofford.
OLYMPIC PUGILIST
BEAT PHILADELPHIAN
OAKLAND. Oct. 13.-Pete Raconi of
the Olympic Club took exactly three min
utes to-night to defeat Billy Springfield
of Philadelphia at the Reliance Club. The
gong sounded just as Springfield was de
clared out. The round was perhaps the
liveliest ever seen at the Reliance. Both
men were in good condition, and have
records for science. One minute was spent
In walking around each other, and then
the work began. Some hard blows were
struck by both men. when suddenly Ra
coni turned himself loose. He flew' after '
his man. and before Springfield realized ;
the rapidity with which Raconi was fight- I
ing the work was done. Springfield went <
down once, but only remained about six ;
seconds. There was a repetition' of light- j
ning fighting, and just as Springfield was
counted out the gong rang and the de- •
feated man was assisted to his comer.
Jack McMahon and W. Mever, both
from San Francisco, were matched for
ten rounds, but in the sixth Meyer was
knocked out. He was outclassed from the ;
start.
Charles Viekers and Mike Moliss went |
ten rounds, and though both knew very
little about boxing they put up a very ac- ]
ceptable hippodroming act and furnished
good entertainment to the crowd. Some
of the rounds were so exciting that they
brought the audience to its feet- veiling
applause to the tired hut game fighters.
Viekers earned the decision.
The programme was one of the best
seen at a local club for many months.
KENNEDY AND CHILDS DRAW.
Six Hot Rounds Fought Before a
Chicago Athletic CluB!
CHICAGO, Oct.. 13.— Kennedy of
California and Frank Childs of Chicago
fought six hot rounds to-night, the de
cision being a draw. Kennedy, who out
weighed Childs. had the better of his an
tagonist a majority of- the rounds, but
Childs did most of the leading through
out. Kennedy had the better of It the
third round, his left ja_s leaving Childs
somewhat unsteady. Kennedy put it all
over Childs in the first half of the fourth
round, landing left jabs and right swings
until Childs was weak. The latter came
up strong at the finish of the round, how
ever, and Kennedy was himself a little
unsteady when the bell rang. The decision
was well received.
McPARTLAND WINS.
NEW YORK, Oct. Li— To-night Kid
McPartland of this city received the de
cision over Owen Zeigler of Philadelphia
after twenty-five rounds of hard and fast
fighting at the Broadway Athletic Club.
Both men were badly battered and would
not have been able to go two more
rounds. The attendance was 3500. The
Kid had the better of the argument from
first to last, except in the fifth and six
teenth rounds. In the . seventeenth Zeig
ler went to the floor from a right on the
jaw, but arope immediately. They fought
hard to the end. _ »- .
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
, ! —
OAKLAND RACETRACK, Friday, October 13, 1899.— Eighteenth
day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather
cloudy. Track sloppy.
ODDS-ON
FAVORITE
DISTANCED
Sensational Heat in the 2:10
Trot on the Lexington
Track.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LEXINGTON, Ky., Oct. 18.— After a |
day's postponement racing was resumed
to-day with a slow track. . Valpa, the 5 to j
20 favorite in the pooling, won the $2500 j
"West stake with ease. There was no pool
ing after the first heat.
The sensation of the day turned up in
the 2:10 trot, when Charley Herr, the fa
vorite, was distanced in the third heat.
He had been worn out. He was the fa
vorite at $15 to $25 for the field, but after
the first heat it switched to Lucille, who
was laid up in the first heat. The race
split into six heats and after a hard strug
gle Titer drove Malcolm Forbes' chestnut
mare May Fern to victory.
The Stock Farm purse was a mere Jog
for Audubon Boy. The other two starters
fought it out for second and third money.
Results: ... —.''.•• ".
The West stakes. 2:29 class, trotting, value
J2soo— Valpa won in straight heats. Time,
2:10%, 2:15%. 2:16. Dainty Daffo second. Zeller
third, Ze'nus fourth. Louise, Carrie Shields
and Paul Pry also started.
2:10 class, trotting, purse $2000 — Fern won
fourth, fifth and sixth heats. Time. 2:12%,
2:14%, 2:19%. Hallie Rocket won first heat in
2:14% and took second and third moneys. First
an! fourth moneys went to May Fern. Mon
terey, drawn in fifth heat, won second and
third heats. Time, 2:13%, 2:13%. Dr. Leek,
Lucille and Charlie Herr also started.
Stock farm purse, pacing, for foals of 1897,
value Audubon Hoy won .In straight
heats. Time. 2:24%, 2:24. Nutlawn and Maiden
Russell divided second and third moneys.
GET-AWAY DAY AT WINDSOR.
DETROIT, Oct 13.— Nicholas, who won
the last event at Windsor to-day, was
the only outsider to finish ln front. Tho
meeting closes to-morrow and winds up
the Highland Park Club's circuit. Most
of the stables will be shipped to Cin
cinnati. Results:
Six furlongs, selling— Wertheim won. Top
Roller second. Dehaven third. Time, 1:16.
Five furlongs, selling— Hendricks won. Hibis
cus second, Woodleca third. Time, 1:03.
One mile. selling-Branch won. Earl Fonso
second,- Red Pirate third. Time. 1:43.
Six and a half furlongs. selling— Tickful won.
Sinnemahone second, Cariboo third. Time,
1-15%
Six' and a half furlongs, selling— Nicholas
won, Looram second. By George third. Time,
121%. >^S4:.V;£j.V- '
CINCINNATI, Oct. 13.-After a delay of over
half an hour at the post ln the fourth race at
Latonia to-day. Lord Zent, with 115 pounds up.
went cut and covered a mile in 1:41% and won
In a big gallop. This was the best performance
at the meeting. Weather pleasant; track fast.
Results:
Six furlongs, selling— Mound City won, - De
cide second, Gid Law third. Time, 1:14%. ::-;->.
Five and a half furlongs, selling—
won, Woodtrice second, Caviar third. Time,
1:09. -asaaM
One mile, selling— Hill Billy won. Flop sec
ond. Sauterne third. Time, 1:42.
One mile— Lord Zenl won. Semper Edam sec
ond. Eugenia Wlckes third. Time. 1:41%.
Five furlongs— Brooch won. Princess Fedora
second, Turkish Bride third. Time. 1:08. -^ -J
CHICAGO, Oct. : 13.— Weather clear; track
fast. Results:
Six furlongs— Nellie Fonso won, Alice B sec
ond. Ramlet third. Time, 1:14%.
'Seven furlongs— Diggs won, Ferrol second,
Violet Parson third. Time, 1:28%.
Six furlongs— Basseda won, Nettie Regent
second. The Monk third; Time, 1:14%.
One and a sixteenth miles— Friar John wen,
Mary Klnsella second, Baraterla third. Time,
1:47%.
One mile— won, Mr. Johnson second,
Jim McCleevy third. Time. 1:4044.
One mile— Fonso won. Streamer sec
ond, Moroni third. Time, 1:39%.
ENGLISH RIDERS OUTCLASSED
Americans Take Three of the Day's
Races at Newmarket.
LONDON, Oct. 13.— to-day's racing,
the last day of the Newmarket second Oc
tober meeting, Over Norton won the
Stand Nursery plate. Sloan rode Killar
kin in this race, but was unplaced.
An all-age selling plate was won by
Earl King, ridden by L. Reiff, at 6 to 1.
Nine horses ran. -*V:
"Skeets" Martin finished third with
Chaffinch, 6 to 1, in the race for the
Southfleld plate. Guava was first. Nine
teen horses ran. _n&a .;.-"/,;,<: .5 /:"-■.:
The Middle Park plate was won by
Democrat, even, with Sloan up. Six horses
ran. H_FqS_ "r •"/:'
A two-year-old selling plate was won by
Alako, S to 1,- ridden by Sloan. Fourteen
horses ran. • .>'.*•:
DEFEAT OF THE LEADERS.
: Baltimore Scores Six Runs in the
First Inning.
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Clubs— W. L.Pet. 1 Clubs- W. L.Pet.
Brooklyn ....99 47 .678 Pittsburg ...76 72 .513
Boston 95 56 .629 1 Chicago 74 72 .507
Philadelphia 93 58 .616 i Louisville ...73 77 .487
Baltimore ...86 60 .589 New Y0rk... 60 90 .400
St. Louis 84 66 .560 ' Washington 53 100 .346
Cincinnati ..80 67 .545 (Cleveland ...20 131 .132
BROOKLYN, Oct. 13.— The Baltimore* caught
Dunn napping in the first inning to-day and be
fore they could be sent to the field six of them
had crossed the plate, four of them on a
four-bagger by Keister. Schreckard also sup
plied a homer later. The Brooklyns could not
bunch their hits off Kitson. Attendance, 1100.
Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Baltimore 8 11 1
Brooklyn 2 8 3
Batteries— and Smith: Dunn and Far
rell. Umpires— Connolly and Hunt.
BOSTON, Oct. 13.— Bergen's two-bagger and
Hamilton's single In the sixth inning scored the
only run of the game. Douglas played third
: in place of Lauder, who was injured in yester
day's game. Both pitchers were very effective.
Attendance, 1300. Score: "
Clubs— R. 11. E.
Boston 14 0
Philadelphia 0 3 0
Batteries— Nichols and Bergen; Piatt and Mo-
Furland. Umpires— Kmslie and Dwyer.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13.— Seymour was wild
to-day and the Senators won a ragged game.
Play was stopped at the end of the seventh
inning en account of darkness. Attendance,
300. Score :
Clubs— R. H. E.
Washington 6 6 1
New York ...; 4' 6 3
Batteries— Magee and ' Kittredge; Seymour
and Wilson. Umpires- Snyder and Latham.
PITTSBURG, Oct. Leeve'r did not give a
hit until the seventh Inning, when two were
made, and two more followed in the eighth.
Flaherty was hit freely throughout. In Louls
vlll's ninth innine, after four runs had been
made, the umpire, on account or tne heavy fog,
called the game, throwing It back to the
eighth inning. Although the sun was shining
Swartwood called the game because the fielders
could not be seen by him from the home plate.
Attendance, 1200. Score:
Clubs— ' • . R. 11. E.
Pittsburg 5 9 1
Louisville 2 4 1
Batteries— Leever. and Bowerman: Flaherty
and Latimer. Umpires— Swartwood and Manas
sau.
FAIR GOLFERS COMPETE.
Mrs. Fox and Miss Underhill to Meet
in the Finals.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 13.-Mrs. Caleb
Fox of the Huntingdon Valley Country
Club of Rydale, Pa., and Miss Ruth Un
derbill of the Nassau Golf Club of Glen
cove, L. 1.. won their matches in the semi
final round for the woman's golf cham
pionship of the United States to-day.
These players will play off the final round
to-morrow for the championship.
The semi-final round of the consolation
class for the trophy offered by the
Women's Golf Association of Philadelphia
was also played to-day. In this round
Miss Terry of Irvington, N. V., beat Mrs.
W. F. Morgan of Short Hills, N. J., two
up. and Miss Lucy Herron of Cincinnati
beat Miss Katherine M. Rowland of
Greenwich. Conn., four up. three to play.
The winners play for the trophy to-mor
row.
liaising Sugar Beets.
MONTEREY, Oct. 13.— The ranchers of
Carmel Valley, between this place and Sa
linas, began raising sugar beets for the
first time this year, and their experiment
has been so successful that many of them
intend going into beet culture on a
large scale. During the past week several
carloads of beets have been shipped from
the valley to the Spreckels sugar factory
at Salinas.
WHITE WINGS
WILL SOON BE
SNUGLY FOLDED
Closing Days of the Yachting
Season Are Close at
Hand.
The Victory of the Gadder has produced
one excellent result for the San Francisco
Yacht Club, no fewer than twenty-one
persons, four or five of whom are ladies,
having handed in their names for mem
bership since September 23. Though th*
Corinthians were naturally disappointed
at the defeat of the Truant they bore the
misfortune like true sportsmen. The
change of possession of the Challenge cup
will be a good tiling for yachting and will
aid materially in building up the San Fran
cisco Club. It will also add greatly to the
Interest' of the yachting season of 1900,
for the Corinthians will try their hardest
to recover the trophy, and the Gadder will
make a strong bid for next year's Mac
donough cup.
Last Sunday evening there was a warm
north wind j which induced most of the
yachtsmen at Sausalito to breakfast
ashore. At Ba. m. the clubhouse gun was
fired, and. the officers' flags and burgees
were run up to the masthead. Several of
the Corinthian and California yachtsmen
who had come over for the presentation
of the cup on the previous night paid calls
on Commodore T. 1.. Mill on board the flag
ship gnus. Toward 11 o'clock the fleet
got under way at a signal from Commo
dore T. L. Hill. Commodore Allen M.
Clay saluted and bade his hosts farewell,
then set his course for Oakland Creek.
Off Goat Island the breeze fell light, but
the California yachts Pactolus, Embla,
Idler and Surf after some delay made
their moorings. The San Francisco and
Corinthian yachts moved up to Paradise
Cove and dropped anchor there. The
schooners Ramona, Chispa and Lurline,
the yawls :Tramontana and Arcturus and
the sloops Cygnus, Aeolus. Thelma, Phoe
nicia, Freda, Nixie and Presto were under
way last Sunday.
G. T. S White, ex-vice commodore of
the San Francisco Yacht Club, has sold
the sloop Will o' the Wisp, with all -her
equipment, and for the first time In sev
eral years owns no boat of any sort.
This afternoon the Tiburon fleet will
cruise to Corinthian Cove, and to-night a
chowder supper, prepared under the direc
tion of Port Captain John H. Keefe, will
be served on the beach. To-morrow the
small-yacht regatta and rowooat races
postponed from September 17 are sched
uled to take place. As the yawl Kitti
wake and the sloop Doris are the only
half-raters available the small-yacht re
gatta will probably fall through. There
may, however, be some rowing races, and
there will certainly be a baseball game
between th" "Keegans" and the "Fan
cies," the former captained by "Keegan"
Schober and the latter by "Fancy"
Thornton. Of the last four annual base
ball games each .nine has won two. The
Corinthians will give a closing jinks next
Saturday, the. 21st Inst., at the clubhouse,
but the reception which has in some for
mer years bet given in the afternoon will
be abandoned. The Encinals and San
Franciscos will close on the same day.
On Sunday, the 22d. the last cruises in
squadron will lie taKen.
The handsome schooner yacht Jessie,
formerly owned by J. M. Macdonough and
Bold some time ago to be used as a pilot
boat on the Columbia River, is. to be em
ployed in halibut fishing on the banks off
Cape Flattery and Cape Fox.
The South Bay Club has postponed its
regatta till the. spring of 1900 on account
of the prevailing light winds. The yachts
men around Alviso are having great sport
spearing the leopard sharks which come
up to. the. shore after the crabs. A. C.
Eaton of the sloop Feu Collet recently
speared several which were about four
feet long and weighed fifty pounds each.
The sharks destroy many small fish.
Commodore 11. A. Spencer's schooner
Muriel is being repainted.
HOMING PIGEONS' FLIGHT.
The California Homing Pigeon Club's
second .race for .the southern series for
young birds was flown last Sunday from
Tres Pinos. It again fell to one of John
Filmer's. birds to make the fastest time.
The last race of the series will be held on
November 5. The best average time in
three racs will determine the ownership
of the trophy, a valuable silver cup. The
last race was a severe test on the birds,
owing to the extreme heat. The represen
tatives of the various owners finished in
the following order:
John Filmer's arrived 11:46% a. m.: dis
tance, 89 miles 750' yards; average speed per
minute. 943 86-100 yards.
J. Barnes' L A 1023 arrived 11:51 a. m. ; distance,
90 miles 1437 yards; average speed per minute,
934 72-1"0 yards. .-,-:■
11, C. Worth's AIS29 arrived 11:53 a. m. ; dis
tance, 91 miles; average speed per minute,
925 78-100 yards.
William Hartery's AIG7S arrived 11:54% a. m. ;
distance, 91 miles 1494 yards; average speed per
minute, 945 5-100 yards.
11. Van Cortebeek's A 1399 arrived 11:53 a. m. ;
distance, 90 miles 357 yards; average speed,
917 S4-ICO yards per minute.
H. G. Hemelwright's A 307 arrived 12:00!.
p. m.:. distance. SS miles 14" yards; average
speed per minute. 85S S3-100 yards.
A. Benjamin's not reported.
BASS FOR EEL RIVER.
Fish Commissioners to Stock the
Waters of Humboldt County.
Deputies Fish Commissioners Davis and
Cross were in San Pablo Bay yesterday
seining for small striped bass, which the
Commissioners are to send to Bel River,
Humboldt County, on next Monday. It is
the desire to plant at least .no fry in that
stream. The first lot sent was not a cus
cess; all but a dozen dying en route. The
Commissioners, have been puzzled over
the fact that the -fish have not sought
those waters of their own accord. Soon
after these fish became plentiful in the
waters, of San Francisco Bay the Com
missioners found that the overflow had
migrated. to the south until now they are
plentiful in all of the southern streams
having a' permanent opening into the
ocean. ..",..-. .'•* '"-••
To; the north it has been different, none
of these fish having been found north of
Cape Mendocino; One theory is that upon
that headland, which is the farthest west
in this State, they came in contact with a
I cold current and- turned hack in search of
warmer waters. It Is believed that if they
once got around the. cape they would have
done well in the more northern bays and
big- streams,, which seem particularly
adapted to their requirements.
For More Sports See Page 8.GEN. SHAFTER IS
TO LEAVE THE
REGULAR RANK.
He Will Be Held as a 1
Volunteer.
— « ■
THOSE WHO WILL BE AIDS
•
RAIN MAKES THE CAMPS UN
COMFORTABLE.
IThe Luckless Thirty-First Will Be
Released From Quarantine, but
Not From Its Island
Isolation.
Although General Shafter has not re
ceived official information of the fact,
still there is every reason to believe he
will remain in the service as a volunteer
officer, or an officer of volunteers, after
his retirement as a brigadier general in
the regular army. Monday next he must
retire, but before that time he will hear
from Washington regarding any service
to follow.
Dispatches from the East carry the in
formation that the President intends to
retire him finally as a major general of
regulars, or even a lieutenant general;
but such a thing Is impossible. He must
retire from the regular army on Mon
day, and he cannot be appointed to any
higher rank than that of brigadier, as
there is no vacancy above him, and there
will be no vacancy by the time of his
retirement. After he has been retired he
cannot be appointed to any position
higher or lower— in the regular army. It
may be possible, however, to advance him
to be a lieutenant general of volunteers,
but such a course has no precedent and
is not likely to be adopt" d.
If General Shafter remains in the ser
vice after Monday it will bring good for
tune to Captaitt J. D. Leitch, recently
promoted into the Twenty-fifth Infantry,
lie is spoken of as one of | !<..• aids to
General Shafter. and In that case Cap
tain Leitch will be retained on this coast
and in this department. Captain Kit
tredge. General Shaffer's son-in-law. will
be the second aid. and First Lieutenant
Wilson of the Third Artillery is to re
main in his present position.
Captain Kittredge was a captain and
assistant adjutant general on General
Shafter"s staff during the Cuban cam
paign, but soon after the return of the
general i.i was mustered out. Since the
recruiting of the new regiments he has
been mentioned fo,r a commission as .■.
line officer, and a few days ago he was
recommissioned, this time as a captain
ln the Forty-sixth Infantry. He was Im
mediately mad.- an aid to General Shaf
ter. Should General Shafter remain Cap
tain Kittredge will have a much sought
for position, but if the general be retired
as well from the volunteers as from the
regulars Captain Kittredge will have to
join his regiment.
The plan of recruiting a battalk n of the
Fortieth and one of the Forty-third at
the Presidio has been abandoned and the
present intention is to recruit but two
companies of each. A few days ago eight
of the officers destined for the battalion
of the Fortieth being formed here were
ordered East to Fort Riley, where the
regime .(quarters have been estab
lished, and ere were left only sufficient
officers for two companies with Major
Case, who will command the battalion, in
charge. 8
The rain made the volunteer ran at
the Presidio particularly uncomfortable,
but the returning volunteers have had
all kinds of tropical rain poured down
upon them and they do not mind the
showers that fall here. They had to
stand the Islam! weather without the
shelter of tents, too. so they suffered but
little at home. The volunteers on their
way to the islands had not so much ex
perience, however, and except those who
saw service in Cuba they had a bail time
of it. The surgeons' reports from all the
exposed commands show no evil effects
however, be the rain on the whole has
done the men no harm. It has left mud
and to spar* all around the post, but that
is about air it has done.
The two cases of sickness, supposed to
be diphtheria, sent to the genera hos
pital from the Twenty-eighth Regiment
have turned out to be only severe cases
of tonsilltis. No others have been re
ported.
To-day the Thirty-first Regiment will
emerge from quarantine, but that will
bring small consolation to the men of the
command. The regiment will not be
taken from Angel Island, but it will wait
there for transportation to Manila.
There will be a transport assigned to the
command as soon as possible, but it may
be some days before the boys will get
away, and in the meantime they will re
main in isolation unless Colonel Pettlt
Ie generous In the way of passes.
John A. Logan, private In Troop I. of
the Fourth Cavalry, who died at the gen
eral hospital last Wednesday, was buried
in the National Cemetery yesterday with
military honors. ,'
The Montana and Kansas men will
spend to-day in Oakland as the guests of
the city. They will form at the camps
fit the Presidio at half-past 7 o'clock and
will march to the ferry in a body.
Leave of absence for ten days has been
granted to Second Lieutenant John B.
Caldwell of the Washington Regiment.
Pioneer Farmer Dies.
PETALUMA, Oct. 13.— William McDer
mott. a well known pioneer farmer, who
has resided in this vicinity since 1853, died
at his home in this city late last night,
lie was 70 years of age.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Oiling Up."
Just a little oil on the engine at the
right time may mean the difference be-
tween life and death to the passengers and
crew. What oil is to the friction of the
delicate parts of the engine, Dr. Pierces
Golden Medical Discovery is to the deli-
cate organs of the
body. It eases . ____=._—
their labor, pre- 6g£j|f
vents the loss of . j£pa» ¥ i
power and waste / -JTZL 111
of energy caused IP \%fc '■ It|
by friction. Many ll mmmma '111 fi <
a man who was all r^mSlk^\^lv i -A
run down, whose
limbs ached when um ß'=-._^"
he walked, whose M [^[jfjk ~
back ached when I A \\* »•> 1
he laid down, who W H.;
breathed with dif- L.J '; {&
ficulty, and cough- wjf r^_ Zr ■
ed constantly, has W "MJ/h .A^ *"
been perfectly jyJkWLjLwkm^M^^
cured by the use Ar /jff&*%,f*&f_
of Doctor Pierces ' /fl 11 1 ul!|i mWML-SSS
Golden Medical __/^^«lM(nß^.
Discovery. It pur- /Wto&s&ftf[ e*W^
ifies the blood, juHB-i ..P .
strengthens the
stomach and heals V MPT^fsjMf^^^
weak lungs. , . ft^^mmYV^^^^
Accept no sub- 'tfVvv&l \}M£o&
stitute for "Golden VU JRwK/ )o%&Zgr
Medical Discov- |^l||r^^^QK
erv," nor any mcd- | ''jjr^lm^^^^^^^
icine called "just p aist*
as good" by the
dealer.
Mr. Chas. Hunwick of Lenox. Macomb Co.,
Mich., writes: . "I have never felt better in my
life than I do now. I have taken Dr. Pierces
Golden Medical Discovery right along. I can
now walk ignite well with a cane, and hope to
throw even that away before long, and as I hove
had to use crutches for nearly two years, I think
I am doing fine.' I do not cough now and I can
sleep like a school try. You must know that I.
have been treated in two hospital* and by three
doctors besides, and received no benefit; so I
think your medicine the only medicine for me."
Dr. Pierces Medical Adviser in paper
cover, is sent' free on receipt of 21 one-
cent stamps to pay expense of mailing
only. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, But-
g» N- V.
PERFECTED THE PLANS
FOR THE GOLDEN JUBILEE
M. T. Moses, Exercises.
Louis Kragen, Information.
Chairmen of the Odd Fellows' Grand Fete.
THE group of portraits presented is made of six of the chairmen of sub-committees of the executive committee of the
Golden Jubilee of Odd Fellowshio in California. During the past six months they have been engaged in arranging
the details of the work that each committee has had assigned to it, and now they have perfected their plans so that
when the celebration starts in the early part of next week all will be in readiness.
The executive committee at its meeting Saturday night spent several hours in arranging the little details to make
the several features of the celebration a success.
Reports v ere received from several portions of the State which assure a large attendance from the interior More
than 300 will come from Sacramento, and will be accompanied by a baud.
ELLERT OBJECTED TO
FOREIGN SCAVENGERS
'TIS SAID THAT'S WHY HE
RESIGNED HIS POSITION.
Others Say the Italians Objected to
Eliert, but the Ex-Mayor Has
the Papers.
The recently announced resignation of ;
ex-Mayor L. K. Eliert from the manage- j
ment of the Sanitary Reduction Company
has created more discussion "on the j
street" and in political circles than any j
recent occurrence in finance. A. dozen ru- j
mors are in the air as to his reason for
stepping out, and all of them put the
Italian members of the company and their
objection to Ellert's administration be- I
hind It.
That a crisis in the affairs of the as- ,
sociation was approaching has been ap- ;
parent for the past six months. During
that time Mr. Ellert's greatest endeav
ors have been directed to keeping peace
with the Italian scavengers and their fel
low-countrymen and sympathizers among
the stockholders who assumed Ellert's ;
policy as personal slight upon them- ;
selves. , .
Knowing this, the wise ones along the I
street were prone to believe the rumor j
that the Italian members had finally got j
the upper hand and demanded the resigna
tion of the objectionable manager. How ;
they got control of the company stock
was a question no one could answer, but
It was generally said that A. Sbarboro, :
the secretary, had been gradually buying
up holdings here and there, until he had
secured enough to swing things his way.
Sbarboro, It was Bald, was acting as i
agent for the Italian element. Mr. Eliert j
yesterday denied that any of these theo
ries were true and also that his resigna
tion was anything but voluntary. In, sup
port of his statement he displayed a con
tract with the company which did not
expire until 1903. "The fact of the matter
is," said he, "that I have resigned solely
for the reason that my work was becom
ing decidedly distasteful to me. The last ,
few months it has got so that all my ;
time has been taken up in petty fights I
and the settlement of small differences
with a lot of scavengers, and I got sick
Of it. My contract with the company did
not expire until 1903. bo that the story
about an enforced resignation is palpably
untrue. I am still the largest stockholder
In the company, and my interest in Its \
business will be as great as heretofore. j
I have simply unshouldered responsi- '■
bility."
TO SHOOT OVER SUTRO'S.
Work Begins on Fortifications Back
of the City Cemetery.
Next week the Government's construct
ors, of fortifications will begin work on i
one of the largest pieces of defensive en
gineering to be placed at any port on the I
coast. The project has long been under
consideration and now the plans are j all
prepared for the "workmen to begin. ' It
is the construction of huge works of
masonry, '-earth, sand and rock for the In
stallment of some of the largest g<jns
that, have ever come to this State on the
high hills between Sutro's and the old
City Cemetery. The fortifications when
complete will be the best at this port,
as the guns will command a full sweep
of the ocean for miles along the coast.
They would be particularly destructive
to a hostile fleet endeavoring to enter the
bay.
About the time of the war with Spain,
it was proposed to rush the work, as the*
Dons had a considerable fleet on the Wa
ters of the Pacific. On May 1 a year ago
Dewey nut the ships of Spain under
water, where they would he safe so far
as this coast was concerned and tho
Government had the work stopped as un
necessary at the time. However, it was I
not dropped and, as stated, work is to be '
resumed next week. All of the lorce of j
workmen, which Is Indeed large, has been
engaged and will begin on Monday.- It is
calculated that it will take at least three |
years to get the fortifications ready for
the Installment of the big guns.
Music at St. Dominic's.
The regular monthly ' musical service
will be given at St. Dominic's Church to
morrow evening at 7:30 o'clock. The choir,
under the direction of Robert Lloyd, will
render the following programme:
Organ symphony VI (Wldon), Frank
lin Palmer; quartet, "Veni Creator"
(Lejeal); anthem, "Come Unto, Him"
(Gounod); solo, "The Hills of God"
(Kevin), Robert Lloyd; organ aria
J(Dethier), Mr. Palmer; solo, "Through
Peace to Light" (Buck), Mrs. John
Madden); motet, "Gallia" (Gounod),
soloists. Miss Clara Atkins and Miss
Lena Hachmeister; solo and chorus,'
"O Salutaris" (Faure), Miss Atkins
and choir; "Tantum Ergo" (Riga),
organ, grand chorus (Dubois), Mr.
Palmer.
Cigar Factory Seized.
Special internal Revenue Agent Burt M.
Thomas yesterday, seized the factory of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1899.
F. D. Worth, Parade.
J. S. Foster, Subscription.
the Horlling Cigar Company at 1102
Stockton street. The proprietor had left
the State to defraud his creditors—
leaf tobacco dealers— and when Agent
Thomas occupied the premises and exam
ined the private books of the factory he
found that a large number of cigars had
been manufactured in the place and sold
without having paid the revenue license.
The factory and contents will be sold for
the benefit of the Government.
Bible Study Classes.
The Bible study class, for consideration
of the international Sunday-school les
sons, will be held at the Association build
ing to-day at 12 o'clock, conducted by Rev.
Dr. Wilson. Free to all. Next Tuesday
evening Dr. Bell will conduct the union
Bible class at the association. These lec
tures by Dr. Bell are most interesting
and are attracting large audiences.- This
class is also free to the public The sub
ject for next Tuesday evening will be
"System of Offerings."
MITCHELL FIRED IN
HIS OWN DEFENSE
VERDICT IN THE McAUEIFFE
INQUEST.
Captain Gilien Testifies Strongly in
Favor of the Prisoner That He
Was Bleeding From ooe's
Fist.
The McAuliffe inquest was concluded
yesterday with the testimony of Police
Captain Gilien and at its conclusion the
jury returned a verdict to the effect that
the deceased, Frank McAuliffe, met his
death from the effects of a gunshot
wound inflicted by Frank Mitchell in self
defense and that the homicide was justi
fiable.
Captain Gillen's testimony was favora
ble to the prisoner. At the time of his ar
rest Mitchell was bleeding at the nose and
mouth and was considerably under, the
Influence of liquor. He told the witness
that while he and the two McAuliffes
were drinking together in the saloon he
remarked to Joe McAuliffe, "Joe. you are
now in a good position and able to pay
me that little bill." McAuliffe asked how
large the bill was and upon Mitchell re
plying called Mitchell an opprobrious
name and said that he would never pay
him. McAuliffe followed up the Insult
ing language with a blow in the mouth,
knocking Mitchell down.. Mitchell went
back to 'lis- grocery and got his revolver
and returned to the place where the Mc-
Auliffes were. The dispute recommenced
and when both brothers were- advancing
upon Mitchell with the apparent purpose
of attacking him he tired and fdiot Frank
McAuliffe. : ; ;
rat^V^raj^- By DR. McLAUGBLIN'S BELT.
|i'|^l^^^pir>^^ \l^^&f 'ffllv l S ■.'■"-. i As .is the heroic rescue of the helpless from danger, so
tS;^ IMPROVED ELECTRIC BELT
reA r s^*^lkr^/-A vtjT^^^^Ml^^<\^/ To one imperiled by pain and disease. Backed by years
Rc3«H«V^»_ \\fe_L^ <£$£§? /iftra\\\\># v of practice and progress I have so perfected my method
WS^^^^^^Wi^ \>iXePm^lk^^^\- S ~A of applying Electricity that my new body battery abso-
I('WkwJ/AA I lutely cures all nervo-vital derangements and is the one
•fwkN'i/^W' A. VN\ V V&TW /^T^E^V^N.- supreme remedy by -which lam daily rescuing men and
-m!PI-L. lifok s_ V/ ■" 'JSBTr / jkX^/y£?k women from pain and weakness. Those whom I have thus
I lrl-)r\S_Kxrm :^ ==^r^_BH W J t cured send in tributes of praise and thanks by every mail.
B/rVKr eM? K»_L r^fkmWlm^-ArJkwi '•'iX-^^Lii Dear Sir: I have used your Belt Just thirty days, and the results
-Tl Ivwu" IT!_3 JL "I I^mJ* r*Smia\ \ '• 1 » *!'• are wonderful. I have gained In looks and streneth. and tin the
SfiA-waVw (SS*. I '5/NJ\_-_ci_lsß^2rV\ 'l /' scales now at one hundred and thirty-seven pounds, having gained
R^'V\_ft*a.\-_!C fc, "'T '/ VV-' I _-^— "' L^* four-pounds in one month. Many thanks to you for your kindness. I
\ K V^ *Bmel-?lC^_ I 1 ** Vs >o&ki--tra!!-3l -"^W .I*^ \atZZ< believe that you have saved me from ruin by your wonderful Belt I
advise any weak man to use it. Yours truly.
IwJfiWttLJ^V -^Jay^A W^r^s^r My famous belt pours in a flood of Electricity to the nerve
jB_V^^4^a\^_»^-!aC wti a "^SV center, and through that reaches every affected part of the
.f&S__>K»l\% W-lk v^\ tTW-H^^O Jf'^sSjZi.: ' system. As a battery It is perfect, and is the most comfort-
\_3LV l«s>.a«R^ TOi \> jE^^rf^^&r*' able application of curative Electricity ever used. My Belt never
-I^\ Awfi-ffimttf falls. I've never deceived In a single case. The reputation of
I^iJwi'H\^ll___^^/N-k \^£g&W%!!&oy the Belt is its guarantee, and it is not only a quick remedy but
!_i3iwVri ft\ mv^vT /\Ja*o*\. vß^?^*''^^^ 3^ a lasting one. Try it. It will cure your pain, your Weakness,
HVIMj^. V v^sf -Wsi^9*wV.- j_^^S> your Rheumatism, your Kidneys, your Nervous Debility. Why
n lvi!w!l^h-\T <^a fc^&sEP&HC&Z^ii' suffer? Your recovery begins the very hour my Belt clasp's
S^S^^^^^^^^rfWiT^^S&^P^-^' your body. It gives action to the blood, strength to the nerves
B''«^Wv^Sil^V*^Tr4^ / '' and muscles. If you've used plasters, tonics or liniments,
H '^^w^r-?^***^^ a— -m*' 'tt' and these nave failed, as they will do, try nature's own remedy.
• >!_____3ri«_3*— - >k ~' i " ' The electrodes of my r ßelt do not , Blister like the bare metals of
— jfc_»i' , .. •' - ..-•..-'' ,- J ""-V- ' other belts. Send for my new book, - free, or call and see my method
-■_•-.■ ; :- ■'■ • r .>.■.->. ■•■.-*,■■ of applying electricity. •;'.:.;;;:' v^ J _
IIR M A AllflHllN 70 '^i&fe^ ny ' 0 0 , s^^*" ,p
Ulll Sill 111 liIuLibUUiILI I*l Cor. Spring and Second, Los Angeles. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES
B-M..naMafe'«'gsEff-fc<g,«la-»
W. A. S. Nicholson, Reception.
J. G. Gilmore, Halls.
DESERTER LELAND HAS
A TALE OF ADVENTURE
TOOK MALARIA ON THE EVE
OF A BATTLE.
Captured by the Confederates, Es
caped and Assumed the Name
of a Dead Comrade for a
Pension.
William Leland, the ex-soldier arrested
last Thursday at the Soldiers' Home at
Yountville, Napa County, by United
States Marshal Shine on a warrant from
Augusta, Me., charging him with having
falsely sworn to a pension claim, was
taken. before United States Commissioner
Heacock yesterday and ordered sent to
Maine for trial.
Leland is past 60 years of age, and tells
an interesting story. He freely admits I
his guilt, but urges in his defense that he ;
was sorely tempted by reason of his pov
erty and sickness to provide for himself I
by means of a pension to which he was j
not entitled, and that he yielded to the |
temptation. He says that he enlisted in '<
the Thirteenth New York Regiment at
the breaking out of the Civil War and I
served under Burnside at the time of the !
first battle of Fredericksburg. On the :
night of that engagement he was at
tacked with malaria, and while under the
influence of a high fever he stole away
from camp to get a drink of water. He :
was captured by a Confederate outpost i
and placed in the hospital at Danville i
and made his escape eight months after- !
ward. He then went into West Virginia
and surrendered to the first Union pro
vost marshal that he found. There he
discovered that his regiment had been
mustered out and that he had been listed
as a deserter, so that he would be de
barred from going into a soldiers' home or
getting a pension.
He went to Chelsea, Me., about two
years ago and took the name of a com
rade of his company in the Thirteenth
Regiment. This comrade and his wife
had died at Rochester, X. V"., and Leland
thought that if he received a pension in
the name of the dead man no one would
be Injured thereby and that the Govern
ment was rich enough to stand it. Two
acquaintances who had known him only
under the assumed name swore to his
application with him and it .was sent to
the Pension Commissioners, who discov
ered the fraud.
Edmond Godchaux Resigns
Chief Deputy Assessor Edmond God
chaux resigned from his position yester
day afternoon. Assessor Dodge accepted
the resignation, but stated that he will
not fill the vacancy. Mr. .Godchaux has
been nominated for Recorder on the Dem
ocratic ticket, and decided that he could
not fill his official duties and manage his
campaign at the same time.
FOLLOWERS OF
EASTERN STAR
TO MEET HERE
Opening of Communi
cation Tuesday.
GRAND CHAPTER TO CONVENE
FACTS ABOUT THE ORIGIN OF
THE GREAT ORDER.
Laboring for the Progress, Pros
perity and Perfection of the
Teachings of Free
Masonry.
The twenty-seventh annual communi
cation of the Grand Chapter of Califor
nia and Nevada of the Order of the East
ern Star will be holden in the Sherman-
Clay Hall in this city commencing at 1
o'clock next Tuesday afternoon. The
present grand officers are: Worthy grand
patron, Toseph Martin Lawrence, M. D.,
Los Angeles; worthy grand matron. Mrs.
Maria Alters Pierce, Oakland; associate
grand patron, George Louis Darling, San
Francisco; associate grand matron, Mrs.
Marie Louise Coffin. Carson , City, Nov.:
grand secretary, Mrs. Kate Josephine
Willats, San Francisco; grand treasurer,
Mrs. Kate Stephens Craig, Lake County;
grand conductress, Mrs. Carrie Lois An
derson; associate grand conductress, Mrs.
Belle Williams; grand chaplain, Mrs.
Mary Stewart Smith; grand marshal,
Mrs. Lillian Warner; grand Adah, Mrs.
Mabel Blanchard Swisler; grand . Ruth,
Mrs. Harriet Freeman; grand Esther,
Mrs. Louise Plummer; grand Martha,
Mrs. Anna Burgess Miller; grand Electa,
Mrs. Kate Flint; grand organist, Mrs.
Rose Kahn; grand warder, Mrs. Mary
Jeanette Robinson: grand sentinel, Mrs.'
May Carpenter Ellis.
During the session the committee on
home, which was appointed in .889, will j
probably make its final report and be per- j
mitted to retire with honors well earned
and worthily bestowed, /he following
facts not generally known concerning the I
pioneer order for ladies in this State will j
appear in the report:
1 The ritualistic work of the Adoptive Rite of j
I Eastern Star, as it was originally styled, was
written by the founder. Robert Morris, in Feb
ruary, 1850. For several years, at private gath
-1 erings .of Masons and their female relatives, he ;
I communicated the Eastern Star degree to those j
' present and during his lectures before Masonic :
I lodges he spread the "glad tidings." Still his j
I efforts to systematize the work were very un
satisfactory to him, and it was not until Rob
ert Macoy. in 1868. proposed the plan of East- |
crn Star chapters, now in vogue, that Mr Mor- I
ris felt that at last his labor of love was :
crowned with success.
Alpha Chapter No. 1 of New Tork City was
the first one organized and instituted under the :
perfected Macoy system, and it was the direct j
result of a Masonic fair, which was opened on
, the sth of December, 1566, in the French church
j at Grand and Crosby streets, in aid of the Ma-
I sonic Hall and asylum fund. It lasted for
weeks, proved a great success and netted about
$60,000. The Masons fully appreciating the act-
I ive part the ladies had taken in the fair, and
anxious to keep alive their mutual interests,
proposed organizing a permanent society to be
composed of the. ladles who had assisted at
the fair, most of them having possession of
the Eastern Star degree. In view of this, J.
F. Waring, past master of Enterprise Lodge
No. 228, F. and A. M., at the request of many
members of the Masonic fraternity, on the 17th
of January, 1867, called for a meeting of the
ladies connected with the fair, in Odd Fellows'
building, on the 21st of the month, to organize
a society of the Sisters of the Eastern Star.
The society was organized, and from the date
of its organization the . members took a most
active part in all Masonic work, particularly
in reference to the hall and asylum fund. In
March following the organization the members
gave a reception in aid of the fund, which
netted a neat sum, and in order to make the
amount an even $1000 the society voted $27 out
of its treasury. For a time the members held
house to house meetings, but in time rented a
'hall at 694 Broadway, where, on the Sth of Oc
tober, 1868, Robert Macoy for the first time
used his revised ritual in manuscript form,
before a large audience composed of Masons
and Sisters of the Eastern Star, and exempli
fied what Is. now popularly known as the Order
of the Eastern Star. Soon after, December 28,
1868, Alpha Chapter No. 1 was instituted and
the officers Installed by Macoy. grand patron.
Then followed Friendship Family No. 103 of
Brooklyn, chartered by Morris In IS6fi, which
received a charter from Macoy" ln 1569. and took
the name of Esther Chapter No. 2. Since then
the order has spread in every direction, until
now there are thirty grand chapters In as many
States of the Union. Golden Gate Chapter No.
1 of California was chartered under the Macoy
system on the 10th of May. 1569, and the order
in this State has been in a most flourishing
condition for more than thirty years. Its mem
bership at this time ls about 11.000.
■As a conclusion "H. A. H." has the fol
lowing: "The 'Sisters of the Eastern
Star' who stand to-day in their pride and
strength should pause 'lest they forget*
that they are indebted to a Master Ma
son and Masonic brothers for the concep
tion and adaptation of the beautiful star
'whose light they follow.;' to p. Mason)
and his Masonic brethren for its success- i
ful introduction on this far off Western
shrine; for its establishment here on a i
firm financial basis and also to the Ma
sons for instruction, not only in ritual
istic work, but in parliamentary .aw, and
finally that the whole of the Eastern Star
structure is not only built upon a foun
dation laid by Master Masons, but that
the order connot itself exist without the
support of the Masonic fraternity. Al
though the 'sisters' owe a debt cf grati
tude which they can never cancel and
stand alone, it is still their privilege to
show that they, are in earnest when they
ask to labor at the same shrine. 'Look
ing backward.' who can say that it is not
the mission of the 'Sisters of the Eastern
Star' to make the Masonic Widows' and
Orphans' Home at Decoto the broadest
and the grandest home in the United
States and that it is not their duty to
live and labor for the progress, prosperity
and perfection of the principles embodied
| In the silent teachings of Free Masonry."
| On Monday night there will be a recep
| tion by the local chapters to the delegates
ho will attend the grand chapter.
'_ ADVERTISEMENTS.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY?
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of /&L*~t^^
■ — - —_--__ ._____-_-»___-,
Very small and as easy
to take as sugar.
- see jSißisaisssss see
GENUINE f SUB. ESSES. GENUINE
mDI its FOR CONSTIPATION.
WRAPPER i3Ljlggaa« ™PER
_ , 1 OBWHH MUSTMAVtj^O>4ATUW£,
25 c£nt» I Purely Veffetabla. / /^fe!>«*s^« ! <s
"JPTZaTNTEHD 03ST K-E3D JP-A-FE-R,."
>c AVVA JC A-IH. A A.^A A AAA A A A^V_l!k.y
1O B* "?_L , . m Agm *O 5
j FOR ALL £ I ■_■ HOG jk
3 BILIOUS AND NERVOUS DISORDERS; ►
1 SICK HEADACHE, ) and ( IMPAIRED DIGESTION, F
4 CONSTIPATION, V Kindred \ DISORDERED LIVER and ?
tWEAK STOMACH, ) Diseases ( FEMALE AILMENTS. L
Sold everywhere, in boxes, at 10 cents and 25 cents each. Annual sale over 6.000,000 boxes. (
/^YoTToTTo'*?nnroTro" oTrirro^innnnro" y rrmnnroTrtt oTnroiroTrroTryonr)
| OUR SOCIETY BLUE BOOK,
I THE FASHIONABLE PRIVATE ADDRESS DIRECTORY I
£ Season 1899-1900. Now Being Compiled. 3
to : 3
to The entire edition has been subscribed for in advance. It will be printed 3
£» on delicately tinted enameled plate paper, elegantly bound in blue "Pega- <3
g mold" leather, with a handsome design in gold leaf on the outside of the front 3
C cover. The work will be carefully compiled and will be entirely changed, ow- 3
£ ing to the renumbering of all the residence streets. It will contain the ad- °j
to dresses and reception days of prominent families, and will Include only the 5
to names of persons of recognized social standing; a list of club members, with «J
Jp their business addresses; a new set of theater diagrams; San Francisco and 3
C Oakland street and avenue guide; ladles' shopping guide, suburban residents, 3.
U and personnel of the press; also guests of the leading hotels who will be 3
jo permanently located for the winter. /'» .2
to . Address all changes to 3
I CHARLES C. HOAG, Editor and Publisher, 3
U 225 Post Street. San Francisco. . 3
Jo Care of EDWARD H. MITCHELL, Art Stationer, 225 Post street, o<
Cg-gJLgJLgJLgJLgJLgJig-gJLgJL^ & gJLgJLgJLg-g ggggggOgOOO P g g_g_g SO
STATEMENT
—OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE—
UNION
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF Philadelphia, in the State of Pennsyl-
vania, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
1898, and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
! State of California, pursuant to the provisions
j of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
j condensed as per blank furnished by the. Coin-
■ missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash .■■■s2oo,ooo 00
ASSETS. ~~
Real Estate owned by Company $160,000 00 ;
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 9,900 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 360,15100
j Amount of Loans secured by pledge
I of Bonds, Stocks, and other market-
able securities as collateral 13,800 00
1 Cash in Company's Office 1,853 21
| Cash in Banks 12.479 52
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans, cash in hands of agents. 8,980 57
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 247 50
Premiums In due Course of Collection. 47,766 28
Bills Receivable, not matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks • 1,000 00
Rents due and accrued (due from per-
petual insurance on building) 742 50
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance en losses already paid ...
Total, Assets ...$516.920 58
LIABILITIES. • »
Losses adjusted and unpaid $11,136 08
Losses ln process of Adjustment or in
Suspense -20,538 85
Losses resisted, including expenses ... 500 00
I Gross premiums .on Fire . Risks run-
ning one year or less, $183,520 09; re-
insurance 50 per cent 91,760 05
I Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- -.-.-■
ning more than one year, $155,160 01:
reinsurance pro rata 100,753 94
! Amount reclaimable by the insured on
perpetual Are Insurance policies 33,73176
Gross premiums on Marine and Inland
Navigation • Risks, : re-
insurance 100 per cent
Gross Premiums on Marine Time
Risks, — ; reinsurance 50
per cent.... •
All other liabilities 11,372 77
Total Liabilities $269, 793 45
• ? .\. : INCOME. ,-,.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $273,862 27
Net Cash actually received for Marine
premiums ' "
! Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages '. 845 00
' Received for interest and dividends on
Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from all
other sources i. 18.035 60
Received for Rents 2,348 47
Received from all other sources 60 84
Total Income ■■ .$294,652 18
: ! . EXPENDITURES, j
Net amount paid for Fire Losses .(In- . . .r
eluding $29,548 91, losses of previous "
years) ............$199,939 92
Net amount paid for Marine Losses '
(including . losses of pre-
vious years) '"-
Dividends to Stockholders 12,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or •■■
Brokerage 51.435 70
Paid for Salaries, : Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 42,311 57
Paid for State. National, and local
taxes 8,247 28
All other payments and expenditures.. 26,105 85
Total Expenditures ...$340,040 3?
Fire. -
Losses incurred during the year $181,611 97
Risks and Premiums. IFire Risks. IPremiums. j
Net amount of Risks! I
written during thel J
year. .( $32,547.2541 $313.324 99'
Net amount cf Risks! I
expired during the| J
year.- ..( 83.343.9201 361.73174 1
Net amount In force) - J £ :
Decemher 31. 1595.....1 37.433.671f 371,680 10'
C. S. HOLLINSHEAD, President. ,-
E. R. DANNELS. Secretary. ' '
■ Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 23d. j
day of January, 1899.
RICHARD H. REILLT.
Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT, '
436 CALIFORNIA STREET,
T. EDWD. POPE, Manager.
R. W. OSBORN, Asst. Mgr.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— rf_3-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms. 50c to $1 50 day;
$5 to $S week; $8 to $30 month. Free baths; hot |
and cold water every room; fire grates in every
room;' elevator runs all night.
Weekly Call.sl.oo per Year |
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
| PENNSYLVANIA FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA, IN THE STATE OF.
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber, A. D. IS9B, and for the year ending on
j that day, as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the Swte of California, pursuant to
the provisions of Sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code.' condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner:
-.>. CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash $400,000 30
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $249,000 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 846,900 04
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 3,621,300 04
Amount of Loans secured by pledge ■-•-..•
of Bonds, Stocks and other market- ■
able securities as collateral 81,850 00
Cash in Company's Office 5,51151
Cash ln Banks 137,903 98
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans M 7,978 18
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 11,166 83
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 265,500 57
Rents due and accrued 225 00
Total Assets .$5,227.336 10
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $14,025 S3
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 146,833 39
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 6.725 OJ
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
' ning one year or less. $1,567,779 06;
reinsurance 50 per cent 783,889 53
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,364,-
-626 05; reinsurance pro rata 743,087 51
Amount reclalmable by the Insured
on perpetual Are insurance policies. 831,311 42
All other liabilities 4.000 00
Total Liabilities 529, 872 73
■ _-T> :■>■ ■■'.■■<; j "
; '^i' INCOME.
Net Cash actually ; received for Fire
premiums $1,653,905 66
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages .' 42.647 21
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 165,512 03
Received for Rents 4,457 44
Transfers • ••••• 881,90
Total Income .$1.866.903 34'
EXPENDITURES. " '
Net amount paid for Fire Losses $1,097,631 47
Dividends to Stockholders 100,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage •• -' ..........' 881,211 91
Paid for Salaries, Fees and- other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 95,490 00
Paid for State. National and local ,
taxes ....v.:.../. ..•-• ••• 68,374 01
All other j payments and • expendi- t
tures - .. 96,682 75
} Total Expenditures '....;...'.....V.'.51.828,390 17
'^w^ " ' Fire.
Losses Incurred? during the year.. $1057.599 56
'Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of 'Risks . '• --■
: written .during- the . • ;■ *;
"year- ............:...:.. $241,551,124 $2,204.559 88
Net amount, of Risks •
expired "during the
-year.....'. '. 222.384,731 -2.187.623 33
Net amount in force . »
.December 31, 1898.... 343.575.238 2.932.405 11
' ■- ■' R. DALE BENSON. President.
, W. GARDNER CROWELL. Secretary. , ,
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 19th
day of January, 1899.. THOS. J. HUNT.
Commissioner for California-
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT, '>
436 CALIFORNIA ST.
T. EDWD. POPE, Manager. i
< ;J < R.W. OSBORN, : Mgr.
Eta '" Catcheitsr'e English Diamond Brand. ' -
Pennyroyal puis
ENNYROYAL PILLS
9 «-<£- V Original and Only Geanlne. - At
' ,-ri/^K.VV' •**«-. alwaTi i— liable, ; Laoicfc art XV
- *>,»V k»N*5-i Oru.giM for CMcheittr c Eniluh J>"*-J»*4_2»
aW*%A&aWr m mont Brand tn Bed and Gold metallic\»«y
' C\ oßJftboxiw, scaled with bins ribbon. Take VST "
45* fl^ W*3no other. H.f\i..e ' dimjtrn. . mhititw V
I" I "*""" fir tiont and imitdti. m. At Druggist*, or .end 4«.
I 4*. i Jjf in >ta»ps ft*r p irticnlar.. t_.tiinoalali att4
' V* B " Krllef for Ladies,'* in ittur. by return
'm X f IF ■ M»IL IiKOOO Trttisooniala. JTooe Paper,
CSemulctdVo~,Mndl*>m Sqaar<_
mm. ky all Local • PHIL A. lf Vg
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD ; USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual ■ organs. Depot, 323 Market.
56
SATURDAY OCTOBER 14, 1899
- ' - I
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Propriety
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. r
Telephone Main IS6S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BT CARRIERS, IB CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents. : -.V-.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage:
I AiT.T CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year "-6.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). « months 3.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), 2 months .... 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month «>sc
ETJN'DAY CALL <"-ne Year... I.SO
%VEKKLT CALL One Y-ar 1-00
All postmasters are authorized to recelv.; subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 003 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising. Marquette Building.
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT!
C. C. CARLTON  Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
PERRY LUKENS JR 29 Tribune, Building
CHICAGO NEWS" STANDS.
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.; Great Ncrtaen. Havel.
Try. - -i House; Auditorium Hotel.
..--■■"
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 81 Union Square)
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.I OFFICE Wellington Hotel
«J. L. ENGLISH, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:20 o'clock- 30C Hayes street, open untM
S:?.0 o'clock- 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30
O'clock- 615 Larkin street, cpen until 9:30 o'clock-
CAI Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 22C Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 109e"
Valencia street, cpen until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- NW. cornor Twenty- :
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock,
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "Hotel Torsy Turvy."
California— "The Jewess."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Tlvoll-"Ernanl."
Alcazar — "Jim the Penman."
Grand Opera House— "Girofle Glrofla."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
g
Olympia, corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Comedy Theater (Bush Street)— "Hans Huckebein," Sun-
day :. .
Recreation Park— Baseball to-day.
Central Park— Steeplechase and performances.
Oa.k!ar,d Racetrack— Races to-day.
SAN FRANCISCO'S OPPORTUNITY.
REPORTS from Chicago announce that Marcus
A. Hanna intends to issue a call for the Re
publican National Committee to meet in Wash
ington City early in December, and that it is believed
the committee will then select the place at which fo
hold .the Presidential convention next year. To the
report is added the statement that the cities most
frequently spoken of as suitable places for the con
vention are St. Louis, Cincinnati, Cleveland, Mil
waukee/Minneapolis and San Francisco.
It will be seen that Eastern people have begun
to consider San Francisco's fitness as a meeting
place for national conventions without any particular
urging on our part. California is no longer regarded
as a remote section of the Union too distant to be
conveniently visited. The improvement of railway
facilities and telegraph communication, the success
of the numerous national' gatherings of various as
sociations held here, and last, but not least, the im
pression made upon the country at large by the man
ner in which the city has received the volunteers
both when going to the Philippines and when re
turning home, have had an educational effect upon
the Eastern mind. San Francisco from this time
forth will be looked upon always as one of the great
convention cities of the nation and its claims will be
carefully considered by those who are to decide
where conventions are to be held.
These facts give encouragement to the movement
now started to bring to San Francisco at least one,
and possibly both, of the national Presidential con
ventions of next year. There was never before so
good an opportunity for carrying such a movement to
success as at this time. It is not likely there will be
much of a contest over the nominations in either
party, and consequently the advocates of different
leaders will not have to consider the advantage of
holding the convention in a city favorable to their
candidate. The personal factor is eliminated, and a
city whose population is impartial, like San Fran
cisco, has a better chance to win than it would have
were there any question of individual favoritism at
issue.
The many advantages of this city as a place for
summer conventions are well known to our own peo
ple and are beginning to be understood elsewhere.
In no other large city in the United States is there
such pleasant and healthful weather in the summer
as that which prevails here. Delegates to a conven
tion to San Francisco in June need have no fear of
prostration from heat, or sunstrokes, or other ill
effects of the heated season in the East.
Furthermore, our hotel accommodation has now
been amply proven to be sufficient to meet all the
demands that will be made upon it by the largest con
vention that is likely to assemble. The trip across
the continent is now a pleasure tour rather than a
fatiguing journey, and can be undertaken without
serious inconvenience to any one.
All of these things it wall be easy to impress upon
the national committees of the two great parties if
we set about it rightly. That is now the issue before
our citizens. It is one that must be attended to
without delay. Statements made in interviews with
representatives of The Call and published yesterday
and this morning show that strong, and influential
men are willing to support the movement with energy
and zeal. The prospect of success is therefore good.
Let all unite and make San Francisco the convention
city of the nation in 1900.
At this stage of the game it might be well to point
out to the Associated Press that what the country
wants from the Transvaal is news and not editorial
comment with a strong British bias. So far that
is about all it has been transmitting.
Edmond Godchaux, Democratic candidate for Re
corder, has jarred the belief of many of the faithful
by resigning as chief deputy to Assessor Dodge.
No Democrat was ever known to do anything of the
kind.
Francisco Morosco, a Sutter Creek laborer, had
a theory that he could smoke with safety in the im
mediate vicinity of blasting powder. He* tried it,
and it is' needless to say that the theory exploded.
♦
If Germany, France, Russia or any other power
has a bone to pick with Great Britain now is the
time to do it.
IF THE RAIN WERE STORED!
THE rains have fallen timely and over much of
the ground in sufficient volume to enable the
plowing of ground, in preparation for seeding.
In the Eastern States, where the land is locked by
deep frost, the farmer waits for winter to break and
the ground to thaw, and then seedtime is upon him.
Here the farmer waits for summer to break and the
ground to be moistened by the early rains and then
goes afield with his plow.
The summer has broken ; the soil is moistened
and will soon be turned. Ahead is the prospect of a
rainy season of unusual length and fall. The rain on
the plains and foothills and the snow in the moun
tains will be abundant, and many will forget the
time of lack and the fallow fields and withered
orchards that it caused.
There are many, however, who, remembering the
drought and knowing the certainty that such years
will come again, will persist in measures that will
avert their consequences and make every year fruit
ful.
" To these men the promise of abundant rain in the
coming season is a promise of drought averted in the
future if the great fall of flood water could be stored
for use when needed. In the rains expected between
now and next May there will be waste. The rivers
will leave their banks, the levees around the garden
islands in the delta of the Sacramento and San Joa
quin will in many cases break and prop
erty will be destroyed. The waste waters, vagrant
and merciless, will wander at will and destroy as
they go. They will wash away the soil and carry it
into the rivers, filling their channels to the destruc
tion of navigation, and will inflict injury upon pro
duction and transportation, the two first in the State's
trinity of wealth-producing factors.
If the State were prepared now to hold the flood
waters in the foothills. in reservoirs at such an alti
tude that the loose soil is not carried with them and
from which their distribution may reach every part of
the valleys below, the rain now hailed with enthu
siasm would have a more than doubled significance.
Now it is received gratefully for what land it makes
fruitful, and with misgivings for what its floods may
destroy. Then it would be saluted as a blessing un
alloyed by loss. It would mean permanent provision
against drought; unimpaired and permanent navi
gability of our meandered rivers; a constant supply
for. mining every day in the year and every year; a
quadrupiication of our grain and fruit and forage
producing area; and such an assurance of the per
manence of agriculture and horticulture as would
add immensely to our population of that desirable
class of small land-holders who are the true expres
sion of the might and majesty of the State. With
such a reservoir system, assuring the permanency of
water and its use at a reasonable charge, a family can
prosper here on the product of twenty or forty acres,
an area within its own capacity to cultivate. There is
no other part of the Union, nor of the world, where
an acre of land will produce as much and in as great
variety as here, not excepting the valley of the Po,
provided the water supply is made permanent. This
is proved over and over again, in the San Joaquin
Valley, in places where the normal flow of the streams
suffices for such permanent supply.
The convention called in this city for the 14th of
next month may come here under umbrellas and in
gumboots. It may meet in the rain, and the windows
of heaven may be open throughout its sessions, but
nevertheless it must meet, and the ranchers, miners,
lumbermen, bankers, shippers and business men of
this State must so realize its importance as to make
it impressive. The rain that falls while it deliberates
means a fat year to come, but still, ahead, famine
smitten, dry and fruitless, lurks and waits a lean year
to devour its substance. That convention can make
California entirely safe from loss by drought or flood.
The engineering problem is simple, the construction
cheaper than anywhere else in the world, the line of
distribution shorter. The water that has been re
leased from one of these reservoirs under a head
and pressure that make electric power to run many
mines, passes from the turbine or Pelton wheel it
has actuated to make grain, grass and fruit grow
within a few miles of the spot where it generated
power to dig and mill gold. Why not harness all this
wasted power and fertility so that such a rainy season
as is coming will represent all gain and no loss?
If Bill Bryan is still out for the stuff, as he was
when he wrote that letter to J. Sterling Morton,
row's his chance to realize. Owners of Columbia
and Shamrock will undoubtedly compensate him
handsomely for the use of his bellows to fill the sails
of their boats.
CITY BOSSES.
THE intention of the new primary law was to end
the rule of bosses by getting together untram
, meled municipal conventions. The history of the'
recent Democratic convention shows that this inten
tion was in some way defeated. The convention was
neither a free agent nor an independent body. It was
bossed and dragooned as completely as any that ever
met in this city in the worst days of openly avpwed
boss rule.
So completely was it under the thumb of two
men, Mr. Pheian and McNab, that The Call was able
to publish its ticket before it met, and did publish it,
through the simple process of finding out who were
on the slate of the two men who did the bossing.
The convention itself might as well have met and
adjourned sine die and let Mr. Pheian and Mr. Mc-
Nab announce the ticket. It may be said that they
are new bosses, untried, and that the result of their
bossing may justify it. But the point is that if they
can secure power by such processes in their party
that will be proof that any other two men may do
the same, and by putting the government in their
hands the way is opened for any other two to do the
same, regardless of how they will use power when
they get it.
It is the first step that costs, and if this city is to
ratify and accept the methods of these it bends its
neck for the yoke of others using the same methods,
no matter how heavy it may be.' The methods which
shut out all advice, prevented all freedom, banished
all deliberation from the Democratic convention and
treated with contempt the friends and supporters of
men as worthy as any who were nominated by
Messrs. Pheian and McNab, are not methods to be
encouraged by the voters of a city like San Fran
cisco. Just such methods have proven ultimately to
be the means of bad government wherever they have
been adopted.
It is noteworthy that the henchmen, the drill
masters and file-closers chosen to swing the rawhide
and carry out the orders of the two bosses were the
trained and seasoned thralls of the several dy
nasties of Democratic bosses who have long
ruled the politics and manipulated the schemes
of that party in this city. They knew how
to carry out orders, how to suppress free expression,
how to walk rough shod over the right ambitions of
the worthy, and they did it all with the rough skill
of artists in their line, accustomed to working ' a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1899.
machine that treats principles as chaff and works
only for place and power for the few who operate it:
Mr. Pheian, in the exuberance of success, with the
confidence of a self-created candidate and absorbed
in admiration of his creator, smiled upon himself
while frowning upon others, and opened his cam
paign by an attack on his opponent which will be
resented by every self-respecting citizen. .
Republicans have before them a plain duty which
should be a pleasure. They will draw to them the in
dependent voters in support of Horace Davis and
the ticket he leads, and they will carry it to victory.
Ir their municipal convention men were not found in
a mad scramble for office; they were there deliber
ating, discussing and seeking candidates of spotless
private and public character to carry the standard of
genuine reform to victory. While they were doing
this wholesome duty Mr. Pheian was sitting on the
housetops proclaiming himself the civic savior of the
city, the sole incarnation of municipal reform and
the only man worthy to be trusted. There are scores of
delegates to the last Democratic State convention who
have not forgotten the incidents in the nomination of
a Justice of the Supreme Court, in which he made a
figure inconsistent with his uttered estimate of him
self.
He has twice succeeded in being elected Mayor by
Republican votes, through professions of non
partisanship, and now hopes for a third time to win
by the same means. He admits that when he called
Hon. Horace Davis "a traitor" it expressed his idea,
and it did. He regards every man, in his own party
and out, who stands in the way of his ambition, as a
traitor. ' In that mood he bossed his own conven
tion, and by easy transfer carries it over in an attack
upon his Republican opponent.
i It is time for the Republicans, who are the major
ity stockholders in this corporation, to resume charge
of its affairs, and they intend to do it.
P Lakes of Killarney are still unsold. Perhaps
if the country surrounding them were cut up into
town lots some enterprising American real estate
speculator, with an experience in suburban ventures,
might undertake to get rid of them. Nature's beauties
are not frequently placed on the auction block.
AMENDING THE WAR TAX LAW.
DISPATCHES from Washington confirm the
statements of The Call that Congress will be
called upon at the coming session to amend
, the war tax law for the purpose of eliminating cer
tain defects which have resulted in diminishing the
amount of revenue expected to be. derived from it.
In discussing the subject an agent in this city of
the Internal Revenue Department is quoted as' say
ing the greatest loss has been due to a decision of the
Attorney General that undivided profits in banks are
. not to be considered as capital or surplus and there
fore are not subject to the tax on undivided surplus.
j He estimates that in the northeastern districts of Cali
, fornia alone the Government loses between $200,000
and $300,000 a year by that ruling.
■ The agent is reported to have added: "Some
money is lost on the wine tax by restaurant keepers
serving wine in pitchers instead of bottles which are
taxed, and also by the use of tax stamps a second
: and a third time. This loss could be avoided by
taxing the wine in the winery, or by having strip
stamps fastened to the cork and to the bottle in such
I a way that the cork could not be drawn without
breaking the stamp. I have no doubt that Congress
will amend the law so that those leakages will be
checked."
The defects pointed out are but a few of the many
that have been noted in the law. They. serve, how
eevr, to show how necessary it is to revise the law
and materially amend it. The wine tax, for example,
; ought to be abolished utterly or so completely al
tered as to make it something quite different from
what it is. As it stands it is virtually a tax upon
California alone. There is no other State in the
Union where the people use light wines habitually
at. meals, and consequently a tax on wines making no
discrimination between the costliest brands and the
light wines used at the table is unfair. If the wine
tax be continued it should at least impose a tax 1
graded to the value of the wine, so that the popular |
restaurants of California should not have to pay as |
njuch on the claret served at meals as is imposed !
I upon champagne.
JThe chief defect of the law, however, is one to
which the revenue official made no reference. The
Call has repeatedly pointed out that by reason of the
delay of the courts in bringing to final adjudication
the controversy between the people and the express
and the telegraph companies the tax shirking cor
porations are daily engaged in extorting money from
their patrons in every part of the Union. To rem
edy that defect should be the first object of Congress,
for it is the one which works more injustice and is
most exasperating to the taxpayers.
; It is probable some of the Government officials
arc indifferent as to who pays the stamp taxes on tele
graph messages and express receipts so long as the
Government receives the money. It is as well to I
point out, therefore, that the Wells-Fargo Express
Company, at any rate, has been as willing to defraud
lie Government as to rob the people. As soon as
the tax was imposed that company made to The Call
ait; offer to receive from it a whole wagon-load of
packages as one package, thus cheating the national
revenue to that extent. It is not likely the offer was
made to The Call only. Probably a good many large
. s,hippers have taken advantage of it, and the total
loss of revenue by the trick may be considerable.
The war tax law was drawn up and enacted in a
hurry to meet' the needs of the Government at the
time. Experience has shown it to be defective in
many ways. Congress, therefore, not be con-.
: tent with amending it here and there. The whole law
, should be reviewed, revised and recast. The burdens
or taxation should be made as equal as possible upon
all sections and all classes, and there should be no
way open for tax-shirkers to extort money from the
public or to defraud the Government.
jWhen Mayor Pheian insisted that a military man
ir^st be placed on the local Democratic ticket he
probably did not think that his demand would be
taken as a declaration of war. The candidacy of
Major Geary has certainly created a wild, warlike
demonstration in the ranks of the Democratic faithful
I Win or lose, it seems to be the fashion the world
over to give naval officers something that will indi
cate the estimation in which they are held by their
country. In the United States they get swords; in
Spain they give them the ax. :'»rf»v4
i ' i : . — ~* —
j Sports are wrong in the belief that Pugilist Van
Buskirk is a cannibal. It is trye last Thursday night
j lie tried to eat the ear of Pugilist Russell, but it
must be remembered that Russell has a "cauliflower"
car. .
•Manufacturers of toilet soaps are in session at
New York and have about decided to raise the
prices on their goods. What else could be ex
pected from such a sweet-scented lot! - ■ •
1 ?■ ■■ ;--»-"■:.:.;■■'-.;-: .■;■'. >
WILL BE OF VALUE
TO YOUNG STUDENTS
Superintendent of Schools Webster Gives
His Opinion of .The Call's "Home
Study Circle."
; To the Editor of The Call— Dear 9HMHB
Sir: The Call Home Study Circle -i^*****^
project has my unqualified ap- flj 'IJM
proval. The articles which are |'%|C^ . 31
promised essays and short studies §f|T £&$$ .
on important educational themes JMjj^ :^8S-:
by the most gifted writers of the B^.7>^_|i
nation — will constitute a valuable. fe^^S«ffl
contribution to popular education, jfflpMp'At.-!
enabling those who are not informed |Si^p5p^
to study the best there is of lit- B *-"™™"
'■■... R. H. WEBSTER.
erature, art, science, etc. I am „ 't. of schools.
also convinced your plan will prove of utmost
value to the pupils in our high schools and
advanced grammar grades.
Superintendent of Schools of City and County
of San Francisco.
MOVABLE CHURCH-NOVEL
IDEA OF A PASTOR.
TWENTY OXEN DRAW THE PERAM
BULATING STRUCTURE FROM
ONE SPOT TO ANOTHER.
JAMESTOWN, Conanlcut Island, R. 1., Aug. 22.— Religious zeal has Improved
on the scriptural injunction to go into the highways and byways and compel sin
ners to attend church. The modern zealot brings a movable church to the highway
and byway wanderer and saves him the trouble of walking. The leader in this new
method of lifting the church out of the rut is the Rev. Charles Earl 1 reston, who
ls ln charge of St. Matthew's Church, on this island. Churches are few and far
between, and the people whom the good minister wishes to reach are scattered all
over the island. One church is sufficient for the inhabitants of several square
miles, but they will not come to church. Therefore the only thing to do is to take
the church to them. But how? Necessity in this emergency conceived the idea of
a movable church, and the Idea took tangible shape ln a structure that has just
made it- first trip, drawn by a team of oxen loaned by the pious farmers of that
locality.' The building, which is the invention of the Rev. Mr. Preston, is not a
structure of minute proportions, but a pretentious edifice, the furnishings of which
alone cost $3000. The audience room of the church measures 18x27 feet, and the
furniture is elaborate and beautiful. The building is mounted on a set of wheels
substantial enough to safely .bear the weight of the structure and with tires wide
enough to pass readily over any soft parts that may be encountered on the road
way. The first journey of the movable church was made without any accident or
injury to the building. The people assembled in great numbers to see the church
started on Its tour. Men and women came from Middletown and from the north
ern part of the Island, where all the native oxen, are owned, which, after being at
tached to the chapel, were ready for the start. There were twenty of these an
cient beasts of burden in line. C. H. Congdon of Rhode Island was the master of
ceremonies.
The rear wheels of the church had been Slightly elevated on planks, and as
soon as the brakes were off the building began to move, almost before the oxen
had straightened the chain. The bell was struck and the little building gracefully
rolled Into West street and after being pulled through the soft grass ground
turned up Cole street and rounded into Narragansett avenue. Down the remain
ing length of Narragansett avenue rolled the church, the tones of the bell pealing
out merrily. The doors and windows of dwellings were filled with eager faces and
the sidewalks were at times crowded by anxious persons who wanted to see "how
the thing would go." The first stop was made at a point where it was necessary
to wait for a lineman to cut a guy wire, which had caused the colors to be expe
ditiously lowered. Another halt was made soon after, but this time it was to re
move the detachable cross and ball so that the spire could pass under the telephone
wires. A lineman seated himself on the belfry and raised, one by one, the many
wires in places where they cross the roadway, until all such obstructions had been
successfully passed. ,". V -.?..'■',';.
Once clear of the town, up hill and down dale rolled the movable church, the
nature of the roadway occasionally necessitating a little "jacking up" to prevent
accident, but beyond that no trouble occurred.
There are several springs of water on Conanlcut, and certain seasons of the
year the sidehllls show signs of moisture. A few of these spots were encountered
at the approach of what has recently been called Storks Hill. The hill surmount
ed, It was decided to locate on a site which had been offered by the Hon. Thomas
G. Carr, the owner of one of the oldest farms on the island. Luncheon was here
supplemented by what the ladies in this neighborhood provided for the helpers
The building was backed upon the lot and can be seen for miles around, both from
Narragansett Bay and the island of Rhode Island. Here it will remain until the
time for to be taken to the next resting place, and services will be held as fre
quently as seems well to the pastor. So much curiosity has been excited by the
novel church that there Is no possibility of audiences falling off for some time to
come. :>, : ',Q L >■'• '.;:
PRESS COMMENTS
«•♦♦♦*♦♦<?>#«•♦#♦♦♦♦♦♦
Wireless Telegraphy for Coast De
fense. ..'»•■■
Santa Barbara Morning Press.
Among the scientific possibilities of the
near future are the extension of wireless
telegraphy to the needs of coast defense
and as a means of preventing collisions at
sea. Messages may be transmitted through
any kind of weather, and the wonderful
invention would be Invaluable In stormy
weather along a dangerous coast.
':-"U'- "?::'■■■■ « ♦ ■ :
Marconi's Triumph.
Kansas City Journal.
The scientific achievement of transmit
ting messages long distances without wire
through the Marconi system must be re
garded as one of the most important of
Its class. Until Signor Marconi demon
strated his theory in reporting the yacht
race of last Thursday many people were
inclined to regard him as a good-natured
but unpromising visionary, pursuing an
idle but harmless phantom. But the, de
tails and result of the yacht race were
fully and accurately reported, and that
too in spite of, the fact that the weather
conditions were supposed to be least fa
vorable to the successful testing of the
new. invention. . When the vessels were so
faraway as to be lost in the haze their
movements were followed from Marconi's
dispatch boat, were transmitted within a
few, seconds to the New York Herald, and
thence throughout the country - * ... . - ..
The possibilities of this system which
1 require only that the delivering and re
: ceiving instruments be elevated sufficiently
to enable the sound waves to travel with
» out interruption from Intervening obsta
i cles, seem almost limitless. The use of
the system in the army and naval opera
tions is apparent at once, for it sets at
defiance the Interference of the enemy.
■ ♦ » —
Success to The Call's Plan.
Auburn Leader.
• The Call has instituted a new depart- i
j ment, "The Home Study Circle," under
j the direction of Seymour Eaton. The i
course, which will begin next week, in- ;
, eludes six lines of work for home ;
: study: "Popular Studies of Shakespeare,"
to be published Monday and Thursday of '
each week; "The World's Great Artists" I
on Tuesday; "Desk Studies for Girls" arid i
"Shop and Trade Studies for Boys" on I
| Wednesday; /'Great American States- i
j men, yon Friday; "Home Science." on I
Saturday. The contributors are among
the foremost educators and men and
women of letters, and the scheme seems !
to offer an excellent opportunity for busy
people of the workaday world' to obtain
; a degree of education and culture which
i otherwise "■ would _, be almost impossible :
without the expenditure of much time and
I money. Success to the undertaking! .
! -•— —
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
ENGLISH MARRIAGE LAW— O. S.,
City. A law of England provides that all
! marriages shall be celebrated before the
hour of noon.
j BEET SUGAR INDUSTRY-Subscrlber
: Monterey. Cal. On the 4th of June. 1S98,
j a joint- resolution was passed by Congress'
I authorizing the publication of House doc-
ument 396 relating to the beet sugar In
dustry in the United States. -You can ob
tain a copy of that document by sending
a request to the Congressman from your
district.
THE FATAL DAY— S., City. The gen
eral belief is that Friday is the unlucky
or fatal 'day.- of "the week. A statistician
of the German Governemnt several years
ago went into farts and figures and de
veloped the fact that it is not Friday, but
Monday, that is the fatal or unlucky day.
His research showed that there were more
fatalities on Mondays than on any other
day of the week.
TAX ON LEA AND SO FORTH—
Diamond Springs, El Dorado County, Cal.
The amount of taxes by stamp by the act
of July, IS9S, required on a lease, agreement
or contract fc- rent not exceeding one
year, 25 cents; exceeding one year and
not exceeding three years, 50 cents; ex
ceeding three - «ars, $1; conveyance deed
or instrument or writing transferring
realty, when value exceeds $100 and not
$500, 50 cents; for each additional $500 or
fraction thereof, 50 cents; agreement to
sell stock on each $100 face value, 2 cents;
agreement to sell any products of mer
chandise for a sum not exceeding $100,
1 cent; for each additional $100 or part
thereof, 1 cent. The person who places
the stamp on the document should can
cel the same by writing date and initials
across the face thereof, or a date stamp
with name of firm or individual may be
used.
NORMAL SCHOOLS— "W., Phllo, Cal.
The requirements for admission into the
Normal Schools outside of San Francisco
are that the applicant shall not be less
than 16 years of age, strong mentally,
morally and physically. To be admitted
without an examination must held a valid
teacher's certificate of any grade from
any county or city and county of the
State, or a diploma of graduation from a
California High School, or a diploma from
the ninth year of the public school. Ap
plicants presenting High School certlli
cates from other States may be admitted
without examination, at the discretion of
the faculty. Graduates from the ninth
year of the public schools of
California are admitted without ex
amination when the diploma is ac
companied by a statement as to standing
and special recommendation from teach
ers; record must show a high standing
on all subjects. Course four years.
For admission to the San Francisco
Normal School applicants must have been
graduated' by a High School accredited to
the University of California and must
have been recommended for admission to
that instltuion. Course two years.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Dr. W. L. Bell, U. S. N., is a guest at
the Occidental.
J. A. Chanslor, an oil speculator of
Coalinga, is at the Palace.
W. W. Barry, naval pay inspector, is
registered at the Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. P. J. Carroll of Sacra
mento are staying at the Russ.
J. D. Carr, the well-known Salinas cap
italist, is a guest at the Occidental.
W. A. Brewer has come up from San
Mateo and is a guest at the Palace.
Lieutenant L. R. Sargent is one of the
late naval arrivals at the Occidental.
T. W. O'Neil, ex-Sheriff of Sacramento,
is registered for a short stay at the
Grand.
Marion Biggs Jr., the Oroville capital
ist, is among the recent arrivals at the
Grand.
Dr. G. F. Falkner, one of the leading
physicians of Salinas, is a guest at the
Grand.
Dr. and Mrs. A. H. Lake of this city
have taken apartments at the Cali
fornia.
Charles C. Mclver, the Linda Vista wine
producer of Mission San Jose, is at the
California.
Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Hendy of Los An
geles are among the recent arrivals at
the Palace.
H. D. Barnhart, a leading business man
of Santa Cruz, is registered at the Lick
for a short stay in the city.
Dr. A. B. Thaw, one of the most promi
nent physicians of Santa Barbara, is at
the Palace, accompanied by his wife. ~.~*~
J. F. Carter, J. E. McDonald and
George A. Pettingill, three naval officers,
registered at the Palace last evening.
Dr. E. H. Manner returned yesterday
from Mendocino County, where he has
been deer hunting during the past fort
night with splendid success.
Colonel R. E. Murray of San Joaquin,
formerly Assistant Adjutant General of
California, went to Kern County yester
day to examine oil lands in the interest
of San Francisco capitalists.
Richard U. Good and L. C. Fletcher of
the Geological Survey are at the Occiden
tal, where they arrived yesterday from
Washington, D. C. Mr. Fletcher is ac
companied by his wife.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW TORK, Oct. 13.— Mr. and Mrs. H.
C. Atwell of San Francisco are at the
Fifth Avenue; Charles E. Handy of Los
Angeles is at the Holland; Mr. and Mrs.
j Hitchings of Pasadena are at the Majes
tic. ■' • :'., ! i^n
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. Oct 13.— J. R. Thomp
son of San Francisco is at the St. James;
C. R. Hildreth and wife of San Francisco
are at the Wellington.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. *
Died in the Street.
Alexander Heymans, a solicitor, expired
suddenly at 10:30 o'clock yesterday morn
ing while walking on Pacific street in
front of Zeile's drugstore. He was a na
tive of England, aged 36 years, and had
been drinking heavily recently. The body
was taken to the Morgue.
There is at least one real Angostura Bitter*
Dr. Slegert's— and no other stomach bitters
'•Just as good." Avoid substitutes.
In the Divorce Court.
Florence M. Corson was granted a di
vorce yesterday from William C. Corson
on the ground of cruelty. Suits for di
vorce have been filed by Sigourney Cobb
against Kate M. Cobb for cruelty, and J.
H. Van Horn against Elolse Van Horn for
desertion. ...:>.■
LAST
CHANGE
$1.80 Per Share.
Price then Advances to $3.99.
Our stock is listed on the Califor-
nia Oil Exchange, and can be real-
ized on ANY TIME you need the
money.
BIG PANOCHE OIL CO.,
411-414 ADAMS BUILDING,
206 Kearny Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
PROSPECTUS AND MAPS FREE.SUTRO RAILROAD
WILL AT LENGTH
CHANGE HANDS
Absorption of a Noted
Line.
BID OF THE SUTTER-STREET
COMPANY FILED.
♦
Received by the County Clerk Yester
day and the Court Will Pass
on It Early Next
Week.
Sutro's machine that' brought the
Market-street Company to its knees and
reduced the fare to the beach to 5 cents
will -non pass into the hands of the
Sutter-street Railway Company. This
company has made Its bid for the prop
erties of the Sutro Railway Company,
and as it is the largest and best Judge
Coffey will doubtless confirm the order of
sale .•id an elephant will be taken from
the hands of the executors of the Sutro
will. Yestettiay afternoon Mrs. Emma L.
Merritt and W. R. H. Adamson, who are
the legal representatives of the estate,
accompanied by counsel, filed the bid of
the Sutter-street Company in the office of
the County Clerk. A day has not yet been
set for the confirmation of sale, but early
next week the matter will finally be
passed upon by Judge Coffey.
Over and above the debts of the road
and incumbrances on the depot site and
right of way, the Sutro estate will clear
only about $45,000, which is made clear
in the bid of the Sutter-street Company
filed by President R. F. Morrow yesterday
afternoon. This bid also proves the oft
repeated assertion that the railroad has
practically been the property of the bidder
since July last, and the confirmation of
the sale will only be a matter of form.
The bid filed by the Sutter-street Com
pany reads:
Referring to the contract bjfween us entered
Into on the ISth day of July, 1899. and In com
pliance with its terms I hereby offer to pur
chase from the estate of Adolph Sutro. de
ceased, the 21,310 shares of the capital stock
of the Sutro Railroad Company, a corporation,
referred to ln cur agreement, and I hereby
offer to pay for said shares of stock the sum
of $30,000, and In addition thereto I agree,
upon confirmation of this sale, to assume and
pay the indebtedness of the Sutro Railroad
Company, which you have caused to be fur
nished to me, and which statement is an
nexed hereto and made part hereof, showing
an aggregate indebtedness of $114,065 81.
I further agree that if the sale of the stock
Is confirmed to me upon the terms above
pr<*clfled, so that the control of the Sutro
Railroad Company shall be immediately passed
to me, I will cause and procure said corpora
tion to bid for the depot grounds and strip
of land from Point I.' ■bos avenue to said depot
grounds, for which you have procured an order
of sale, the sum of $15,944 05.
The foregoing- bid is made upon the condi
tion precedent that you procure the right to
lease, and •.hat you lease to the Sutro Rail
road Company, the powerhouse, as specified
ln our agreement of July IS. 1899.
I furthermore agree that if you can obtain
cny rebate upon the Judgments or other claims
naalnst the Sutro Railroad Company as speci
f.-.l such rebate shall Inure to your benefit.
If. however, there shall be any errors or ornis-
Fior.s in your statement of liabilities and if the
Indebtedness shall exceed the amount therein
specified such excess shall be deducted from
the amount of this bid.
it Is distinctly uruWstood that this bid is
mnde under find pursuant to th? provisions of
<>':r agreement of July l«. If ••. and subject to
nU Us terms .md conditions, excepting that
1 r°s«rve $1"..54 . 0", to be paid for the depot
grounds and strip of land instead of $10,000,
as contemplated by said agreement.
Mrs. Merritt and W. R. H. Adamson,
executors of the estate, set forth in their
?etltlon that it is for the best interests of
he estate that the sale be confirmed.
Judging from the schedule of liabilities,
their opinion is correct. It shows that
salaries remain to be paid, materials must
be settled for. Almost every branch of
the railroad management shows a deficit.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
Desk Studies for Girls.
This course has been specially arranged
for girls and young women who feel the need
of a more thorough knowledge of language,
books and money affairs. The studies will be
presented under the following heads:
1. NEW WORDS AND HOW TO USE THEM.
2. CORRESPONDENCE AND HANDWRITING.
3. READING COURSES AND A GIRL'S LIBRARY.
4. PERSONAL ACCOUNTS AND MONEY AFFAIRS.
5. WRITING FOR PUBLICATION.
Shop and Trade Studies for Boys
Boys and young men who are ambitious
to advance their positions will find that an
evening or two a week spent upon the
studies of this course will be of the largest
value. The work will be divided into five
departments, as follows :
1. ARITHMETIC OF THE WORKSHOP.
2. DRAWING FOR MECHANICS.
3. ARITHMETIC OF THE COUNTER AND OFFICE.
4. MONEY PROBLEMS AND BUSINESS RECORDS.
5. MACHINE DRAWING AND DESIGNS.
.«_♦-»-■♦. -*.*•....••••..... •••••••••••••••»••••■♦-■»-•••«•«««»»
These courses will be published on Wednesdays, beginning Wednes-
day, October 18. An examination will be published at the close of the
course in February as a basis for the granting of certificates. Address
MANAGER HOME STUDY CIRCLE,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, CALL BUILDING, SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
TWO BIG CONVENTIONS
MAY BE BROUGHT HERE
CITIZENS ENTHUSIASTIC OVER THE IDEA
: |
Democrats and Republicans of Our ! City
Working Shoulder to Shoulder j -
for Success.
WITH the published announcement that there Is to be a meeting of the
Republican National Committee at "Washington early in December has
come increased interest in the project of securing the convention seat
of the tww great national parties for San Francisco in 1900. Thefproposi
tion has met with unqualified and universal indorsement on all sides,
and confidence is generally expressed that with proper effort San Francisco can
secure the distinction coveted.
Nearly every person who discusses the matter finds some new reason why San
Francisco should be given the prize, and not the least of these is the fact that
her growing Importance as a commercial entrepot in the past two years has been
so phenomenal as to attract widespread attention in the country and create an
intense curiosity to see the metropolis of the Pacific Coast and the States imme
diately, tributary to it.
Among the cities that are reported to be candidates for the honor of enter
taining the members of the conventions are Cleveland, Denver, Kansas City,
Milwaukee, Pittsburg, St. Louis, Cincinnati, Minneapolis and San Francisco, it
is said that Chicago will also contend for the votes of the committeemen.
J. J. Dwyer, Democratic National Committeeman from California, is out ot
town, and Is not expected to return for about two weeks, but his friends declare
that he will spare no effort with his colleagues in the interests of this city.
John D. Spreckels, the member of the Republican National Commi'-tee from
California, expects to leave for the East in about ten days, and in an interview
yesterday stated that he would begin missionary work on , the proposition at the
earliest opportunity. "I believe that If proper efforts are made," he said, it is
more than likely that the convention of the Republicans at least can be secured
for San Francisco. So far as 1 know there is no other city active in the matter
at the present time, except St. Louis. With concerted and well-directed action
1 believe it can be brought out here. When 1 was at St. Louis, during the last
convention, I heard expressions from many of the delegates that they wished
they were out on the coast, Instead of sweltering in the tropical heat where they
were.
"I shall attend the meeting of the National Committee and make every effort
to secure the convention for San Francisco. I believe that a large number of the
members will be In favor of this city on the ground of its climatic advantages
alone. Prompt action ought to be taken by the people here In view of the ear ly
day at which it is reported the meeting of the National Committee is to be held
for the purpose of selecting the convention seat.
"I expect to go East in about ten days, and shall do some preliminary work
Immediately after my arrival there. I shall see as many of the National Commit
teemen as possible and endeavor to win them over to the cause of San Francisco.
But much might also be done by having a representative delegation from, our
city present at the meeting of the committee."
F. W. Dohrmann, president of the Merchants' Association, after referring to
the great advantages that would undoubtedly accrue to the city and Sta*.», said:
"I think it is about time we should have these conventions out here. Perhaps
there never was a time when there was more likelihood of inducing them to
come to San Francisco If a strong effort were mad. in that direction. The atten
tion which San Francisco has attracted during the past two years has made many
people anxious to get acquainted with Californians in their homes and learn more
about our great State and the coast generally. They formerly considered us out
of the world. That San Francisco has grown strongly in interest to the people of
the East was very strikingly impressed on me during my trip to the East last
year, and this Interest has since been intensified. .
"Besides that, it seems to me that every American expects to come to Cali
fornia sooner or later. 1 never ask people whose acquaintance I make- in the
East 'Are you coming?' but 'When are you coming to California?! I, invariably
found that each one had it in mind to pay us a visit. I believe that -if the con
ventions or either of them were held in this city it would bring all these people
and thousands of others."
E. A. Denlcke, president of the Mechanics' Institute, Is a strong advocate of
the project. "It goes without saying." he remarked, "that It would be very
desirable to have. the national conventions meet in this city. We Have ample
accommodations for all who may come. Among other things, we have a very
large and comfortable assembly room In the Mechanics' Pavilion, so; there will
not be any need to erect one. California is at last beginning to receive that at
tention which is due her in a commercial sense and in every way. It ls very
desirable that the State of California should become known, especially to the
statesmen, so that her needs may be properly provided fur. which has not al
ways been the case heretofore."
"I am heartily in favor of the movement." said Horace Davis, the Republi
can candidate for Mayor. "A strong argument that could be used to Influence
the action of the Eastern members is our geographical position relative to our
new acquisitions In the Pacific. By coming here our political leaders would get a
clearer idea of the significance to San Francisco and the coast of our new* pos
sessions and their commercial importance. The holding of the conventions In
this city would bring the party leaders closer in touch and sympathy with our
needs and advantages. It is important to us and, to the country at large that
our prominence as a commercial center should be fully realized and appre
ciated. It Is certainly true that something ought to be done to turn the eyes
of the country toward California. "When you go East it is seldom you see any
notice In the newspapers of what is going on in California, the second largest
State in the Union, and which has advantages that are second to none."
Frank McLaughlin, chairman of the Republican State Central Committee,
when asked for an expression of opinion in regard to the matter, evinced great
interest in It by his look, but his evident ambition ls to be considered dead to the
world, as he is ln politics. "I decline to be Interviewed on this or any other
subject," he answered.
"But as chairman of the Republican State Central Committee, the people
of the party you represent and of the State generally naturally expect that you
would take a deep Interest in a matter of this kind, which Is' admitted to be of
great Importance to California. Tou certainly have some opinion '.n reference tc
the proposition," urged the reporter. .
"No; a word will you get from me. I simply decline to be interviewed on
any subject for any paper." And the major swelled up, smiled, swelled up
again and turned away. ' A - -
THE SAM FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1899.
WINE-GROWERS
DID NOT SUFFER
FROM THE STORM
Were Favored by an
Early Season.
«.
LITTLE OF THE CROP WAS ON
THE VINES.
*
In Some Sections the Moisture Will
Be Beneficial — of the
Wine Men Are Brighter
Than for Years.
The fact that there was a short vintage
and that the grapes ripened early with
good saccharine strength, thus enabling
the producers to gather their crop
promptly was a matter of great good for
tune to the growers of wine grapes in
California this year.
Among those who were not acquainted
with the situation there was anxiety as
to the safety of the latter part of the
vintage when the recent unprecedented
storm swept over the- State. In ordinary
years the downpour would have done a
great deal of damage, but fortunately on
this occasion the producers wore prepared
for such a visitation and instead of the
storm being a detriment it will in some
cases doubtless prove a benefit. In speak
ing of the situation yesterday Secretary
rlotchkiss of the California Wine Makers'
Corporation said:
"1 don't think the storm has done any
particular Injury to the wine grapes, fori
the reason that in most districts the vint
age was practically over. This was the
case in Sonoma and Napa, while in Santa j
Clara the grapes still ungathered are of
varieties that will not suffer from the
wetting. In any event they would be all
right for distillation if gathered at once.
"In the Warm Springs section I believe
there Is still considerable of the -crop on I
the vines. However, they are zlnfand^ls, I
high in sugar strength, and the moisture I
will probably add to their productivity. !
Of course, if the storm should continue or I
cold and dampness prevail It would be j
necessary to handle the remainder of the |
crop in short order. Taking everything
Into consideration, the wine men have
every reason to be thankful that the
heavy rain did not come sooner."
At the present time the industry is ln
better condition as to prices and
prospects than It has been in
many years. The steadily grow
ing demand for California wines, the
gradual falling off In production and the
liberal offer of Henry J. Crocker to buy
all the dry wine grapes in the State for a I
term of seven years have tended to estab- '•
lish a certain fixed value of wine vineyard
products, and as a result the producer and
merchant will fare unusually well this
year. The only cloud overshadowing the
Industry at the present time is the steady I
and destructive advance of the phyllox
era, but good prices will eventually cause !
the replanting of vineyards with resistant i
stock and bring the product up to the i
luture demand. .." r
» ■» . .
University Extension Lecture.
To-night at the Association Auditorium
Dr. John Fryer will continue his lectures
ln the university extension course. Ills
subject this "evening will be "Railways
and Other Means of Communication ln
China." Admission free.
ASSOCIATION WILL
BE MADE PERMANENT
DELEGATES FROM NORTH AND
SOUTH MEET HERE.
Basis of Representation for the Joint
Body of Wholesalers and Manu
facturers on the Coast Has
Been Fixed.
It is probable that steps will be taken
within the next few days to bring about a
permanent organization of the whole
salers, Jobbers and manufacturers of the
Pacific Coast. Yesterday a committee of
the Pacific Coast Traffic Association met
In Los Angeles with an organization of
the wholesalers and Jobbers of the south
ern city, formed during the present week.
The necessity for the Pacific Coast to act
as a unit in matters concerning the trans
portation of overland freights and the
control of trade territory resulted in the
sending of a delegation from this city to
Portland, Tacoma and Seattle recently.
That delegation fully accomplished what
was expected of It. and the report of the
proceedings in the Northwest has been
approved by the executive committee of
the Traffic Association.
The organization formed at Los Angeles
will undoubtedly work in harmony with
the wholesalers and jobbers of San Fran
cisco, Tacoma. Portland and Seattle.
A basis of the permanent organization
has been fixed and has been adopted by
the northwestern wholesalers and Job
bers. For every ten subscribers each city
will be permitted to send one delegate
to the meeting to be held in this city.
Then the delegates will finally settle all
matters relating to the plan of action.
The present Traffic Association was nec
essarily made temporary, for there were
no delegates from abroad.
Youth's Directory Fair.
Among the attendants at the Youth's
Directory fair last evening were Very
Rev. Father Prendergast, Fathers Scan
lan, Melvln, Morgan,. Byrne and Stokes,
Mrs. Eleanor Martin, Mrs. Judge Evans,
Mrs. O'Donertjr, Mrs. Reed, Mrs. Martin
Frasley and Mrs. James Butler. The
Market-street Railway band played. A
large number of people visited the Three
Nurses' booth and took part ln the con
test between physicians for the $200
clock. At the close of the evening the
voting placed the leading contestants In
the following order: Dr. M. Herzstein,
Dr. 11. Lagan, Dr. Healey, Dr. Kerr, Dr.
Stlllman. The ladies of the Charity booth
received, assisted by James Denely, Dr.
W. H. Sleberst and G. E. Gallagher. The
ladles who were In the booth were the
following: Mrs. C. Casassa, assisted by
Mrs. Johnstone, Mrs. Gallagher, Mrs. C.
J. Walsh. Mrs. Dlnniene, Mrs. Horrlgan,
Mr. Halpin, Mrs. Keane. Miss L. Keefe,
Miss K. Casassa, Miss M. Corrigan, Miss
Dunn, Miss Keane, Miss A. Connelly,
Miss L. Connelly.
The contest ln the Nurses' booth will
continue two weeks and at the end a
musicale will be given.
. ■ a » — —
— «jf«*j_s_^Ss • ******
—"The American Porter —rivals the English
Stent. Porter and 'alt and 'alf— in refreshment
and mildness. A new brew of the Anheuser-
Busch Brewing Ass'n.
St. Brendan's Fair.
St. Brendan's Church fair will close!
next Wednesday night, the ladles In the I
booths having asked leather Nugent for
an extension of time In which to raffle off
the articles that have not been already
disposed of. The raffling will begin next
Monday evening and will continue to the
close of the fair. The fair has been vis
ited by Rev. Fathers Scanlan, Keane.
Hartnet, Cooper of San Mateo, O'Gradv
of Ukiah and O'Hara of St. Patrick's, the
last few evenings. Last night Mayor
Pheian made the round of all the booths.
The attendance is large every evening
and the visitors are liberal.
An Arrangement With Father.
Charles (loquitur)— lt is quite true, !
father, as you say, that our religious j
duties are of signal moment, but they
are often perplexing and some of them
often seem to me to conflict with others.
Perhaps you and I could cover the
ground better if we used some judicious
plan of co-operation. Suppose, for ex
ample, that you obey the injunction,
"Give to him that asketh," and leave
me to supplement your efforts by tak
ing no thought for the morrow?— Life.
"No," said Fido through the fence to the
tramp dog, "I don't mind being washed.
It is such fun to roll In the dirt after-
Indianapolis Journal.
NIGH MASONRY
CONFERS DONORS
ON ITS MEMBERS
Officers Elected for
Ensuing Term.
— ♦ —
CHARLES L. PATTON BECOMES
GRAND MASTER.
— : ♦
Report of the Trustees of the Home
at — Masonic Veterans
Choose Their New
Officers.
At the communication of the Grand
Lodge of Free and Accepted Masons yes
terday the board of trustees of the
Widows' and Orphans' Home at Decoto
presented a lengthy report of its steward
ship and a detailed account of the home
since it was opened on the Ist of May last
March for the reception of Inmates. This
shaws that the home up to date has cost
$136,350, $6842 having been spent for perma
nent improvements since the dedication
a year ago. To establish the home the
Grand Lodge donated one subscription of
$10,000. another of $20,000 and a third of
$7000 for furniture. Individual Masons,
Masonic bodies and Eastern Star chap
ters have raised for the home a sum
amounting in the aggregate to $102,500.
The recommendation of the board that
the per capita tax of $1 a year on every
member of the order for the maintenance
of the hame be continued was adopted by
a unanimous vote and the work of the
trustees In the establishing of the home
was Indorsed by a rising vote. The
board consists of Charles L. Patton, W.
Frank Pierce. William Johnston, Jacob
Voorsanger. Edward Peabody, Edwin
Whipple. Thomas Flint Sr., Carroll Cook
and William J. Landers, Since the opening
of the home there have been admitted to
It sixteen men, three women, ten boys
and six girls. In the report the board
pays a high compliment, to the superin
tendent, Dr. I. K. Akin, and to his wife,
the matron, and says that "they have
been model heads of our Masonic family."
In the afternoon there was an election
of grand officers for the ensuing term.
Charles L. Patton of San Francisco was
elected grand master; Joseph A. Fosnay
of Los Angeles deputy grand master,
William S. Wells of Martinez grand se
nior warden, Orin S. Henderson of Stock
ton grand junior warden, Edward Cole
man of San Francisco re-elected grand
treasurer and George Johnson of San
Francisco re-elected grand secretary.
The Masonic Veterans' Association has
elected the following named as its offi
: cers for the ensuing term: Henry F. Wil
liams, grand president; William F. Low-
I den. linn grand vice president; Edward
F. Preston, second grand vice president;
Edward A. Sherman, grand secretary;
James L. Cogswell, grand treasurer;
Joseph 11. Wythe, grand chaplain; Hiram
N. Rucker, grand orator; Lewis A. Spit
ler. grand marshal; J. T. Apperson, grand
standard-bearer; Henry S. Lubbock,
second grand standard-bearer; Samuel
W. Levy, third grand standard-bearer;
W. W. Sutton and George C. Kennedy,
grand stewards; Charles W. . Mitchell,
grand pursuivant; Treat P. Clark, grand
tyler.
OVERDUE SHIPS ARE
CAUSING UNEASINESS
REINSURANCE PAID ON THE
CHARLES E. MOODY.
Premium Also Offered on the St.
Enocn The German Warship
Geier Will Return Here.
Some anxiety is felt in shipping and
Insurance circles over the American ship
Charles E. Moody and the British ship
St. Enoch. The former is now out 179
days from Norfolk. Va., for Honolulu
with a cargo of coal for the Government
and 45 per cent reinsurance Is being paid
on her. The St. Enoch is % days out
from Panama for San Francisco and 15
per cent 1;? being paid to reinsure her
chances.
The Moody is owned in San Francisco, j
having recently been purchased by Lewis,
Anderson & Co. She is a fine wooden
vessel and well found to cope with any j
kind of weather. It is her cargo of coal j
that the underwriters fear, however. The ;
St. Enoch Is coming here from Panama
In ballast, and judging from the pas
sages made by other vessels from that
port she is not very much overdue.
The German man-of-war Geier is to re- |
turn to San Francisco. She will leave I
Vancouver, B. C, on the 18th Inst, for
this city and after a short stay will pro
ceed to Central America.
The bark Alden Besse arrived last night
from Honolulu after a fine passage of 17
days. The barkentines Planter and S. x.
Castle were 29 and 28 days respectively
making the run, so the showing made
by the Alden Besse is a particularly good
one.
The steamer Empire has been barbound
at Coos Bay for over a week. The chan
nel has shifted and the collier is draw
ADVERTISEMENTS.
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
B B
B fl^ 1^ f 4 J ■
I Free Tickets I
B H
B TO THE g
{ Orpheum! {
B * B
B B
P. BUY YOUR B
1 Lenox and I
I Ivory Soap [
■ SAVE YOUR WRAPPERS AND ■
■ GET FREE TICKETS To THE B
BJ ORPHETM. j*j
g The Johnson=Locke §
I Mercantile Co., J
£ 204 FRONT STREET, |
E3 SAN FRANCISCO, S3
J™ Will Exchange for Lenox and Ivory 5
■8 Soap Wrappers H
B FREE TICKETS TO THE ORPHEUM ■
■ UNDER THE FOLLOWING CON- ■
gjj DITIONS: gg
_£ If You Want a 2."c Reserved Seat fS
a Send. 2."» Wrappers of LENOX SOAP m
E 0r........ 1- Wrappers of IVORY SOAP 5
am Or else | send 13 Wrappers of LENOX ™
B SOAP and 6 Wrappers of IVORY SOAP ■
m If You Want a fiOc Reserved Seat B
m 5end.... .50 Wrappers of LENOX SOAP 5
* Or 24 Wrappers of IVORY SOAP ™
™ Or else send 25 Wrappers of LENOX ■
BR SOAP and 12 Wrappers of IVORY SOAP ■
lIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIS
ELECTRIC BELTS,
>B_ji_ffiyiV)W : ffiisSjjjr Prices from %s DO to
«jS»»'7\Vv / -^T YvWH_k * 2i Largest manu-
l_LVX»»_l> . • X/ /\Cj| facturers in the Uni-
l "fe__dSis>?SST_o' ted states - No Quacks
TTWtaIISwKH-aSSSC connected with this
establishment.
cr ■• '" CT For particulars
rtyg/p^ call or send 2c in
■TV* stamps for "Booklet
No. 2." Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., 620 Market St.,
Opposite • Palace Hotel, S. F. . ;
ing too much water to get out at this
stage of the tides. The South Portland
was ,to have gone into the Coos Bay
trade, but it is feared that she draws
too much water, so yesterday she sailed
for Tacoma in command of Captain Hall.
J. F. ("Jack") Hawkins, who for years
did such excellent work for the Mer
chants' Exchange as one of Its staff of
reporters at Melggs wharf, has gone into
business for himself. He ana F. P.
Christian- have opened an office ln Seattle
as shipping and Custom-house brokers
and are doing well. Christian was for
merly a Custom-house Inspector, and is
well up in that line of business,' while
what Hawkins does not know about ship
ping is not worth learning. "Jack" was
orn and raised on North Beach and his
host of friends all join in wishing him
success.
Runaway on Taylor Street.
Yesterday afternoon a team of horses
belonging to the Morton Drayage Com
pany, while standing on Taylor street,
near Kills, took fright at a passing ve
hicle and darted down Taylor street at a
mad rate, demolishing several posts on
its way. On arriving near Turk street its
course was suddenly checked by collid
ing with a delivery wagon belonging to
Faber & Co., grocers, which was stand
ing in front of their store at the time.
The wagon was smashed into splinters by
the force of the collision and the horse
so badly 'injured that it had to be de
stroyed. The runaway team escaped
without damage.
St. Peter's and St. Paul's.
Last evening was "ice cream «iight" at
the St. Peter's and St. Paul's bazaar in
Washington-square Hall. Every one had
to eat ice cream to be In the style, and
Mrs. Spadina. who presided, assisted by
her daughters,' was kept busy. Vocal mu
sic yielded pleasure to the many attend
ants. Thomas Smith sang a coon son,<,
and Master Martin Kreling showed how
to walk for a cake. This evening the
Pennsylvania military band will play. The
bazaar will continue one more week.
Declined to Reindict.
The Grand Jury yesterday refused to re-
Indict P. McAran and M. C. Hayes for
perjury. McAran and Hayes went on tho
bond of Eddy Brooks, -who was accused
of grand larceny, and were Indicted by
the last Grand Jury. They filed a demur
rer, which was sustained by Judge Law
lor. to the effect that the Indictment was
defective, but lie refused to dismiss tha
defendants. It appears that the piece of
property of which they claimed to be
joint owners is owned by Hayes alone. m
An Excellent Combination.
The pleasant method and beneficial
effects of the well known remedy,
Strut of Figs, manufactured by the
California Fig Syrup Co., illustrate
the value of obtaining the liquid laxa-
tive principles of plants known to be
medicinally laxative and presenting
them in the form most refreshing to the
taste and acceptable to the system. It
is the one perfect strengthening laxa-
tive, cleansing the system effectually,
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
gently yet promptly and enabling one
to'overcome habitual constipation per-
manently. Its perfect freedom from
every objectionable quality and sub-
stance, and its acting on the kidneys,
liver and bowels", without weakening
or irritating them, make it the ideal
laxative.
In the process of manufacturing figs
are used, as they are pleasant to the
taste, but the medicinal qualities of the
remedy are' obtained from senna and
i other aromatic plants, by a method
known to the California Fig Syrup
Co. only. In order to get its beneficial
effects and to avoid imitations, please
remember the full name of the Company
printed on the front of every package.
CALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP CO.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAI*
Z^OUISVH-LE, KY. NEW YORK, V. T.
For eale by all Druggists.— Price 50c. per bottle.
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY (Saturday), October 14.
Parquet, 25c, any seat; Balcony, IOC; Children,
10c, any part.
AN ENTIRELY NEW PROGRAMME.
.-.', '. DIRECT FROM EUROPE.
FLORENZ TROUPE,
The Berlin Sensational Acrobats.
Howard's ponies, dogs and monkeys; fun for
the children and entertainment for all. See the
talking pony.
Le Page Sisters. Little Elsie. Hawaiian
Queens and a whole bunch r>f hits.
Look out for MLLE. LOTTY. the Paris Sen-
sation. Opens on Sunday.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
GRAND AND ENGLISH OPERA SEASON.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2 P. M.
"SATANELLA."
Last Time of the Beautiful Opera!!
The Season's Greatest Success!
Verdi's Tragic Creation!'
"ERNANI"
To-Night and Sunday Evening.
POPULAR PRICES .25 and 50 cents
Telephone for Seats— Bush 9.
Next Week— "Fra Dlavolo." and by general
request "Othello" and "Cavalleria" and "Ptig-
liacci." Seats now selling rapidly.
baseball!
SANTA CRUZ
vs.
OAKLAND.
TO-DAY AT 3 F. M.
SUNDAY AT 2:30 F. M.
RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and Harrison streets.
GENERAL ADMISSION, 25 CENTS.
Ladies Admitted Free to Grand. Stand.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
' 1899-CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB-1900
I Winter Meeting, beginning SATURDAY. Sep-
tember 23. 1889.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
I Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
• day, Friday and, Saturday. Rain or chine.
! Five or more ruees each day.
j Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
j Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
I 12:80. 1. 1:20, 2, 2.30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
i track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound
: All trains via Oakland Mole connect with San
' Pablo avenue Electric Cars at Seventh and
I Broadway, Oakland. Also all trains via Ala-
i meda Mole connect with San Pablo avenue
; cars at Fourteenth and Broadway, Oakland.
, These electric cars go direct to the track In fif-
teen minutes.
Returning— leave the track at 4:15 and
i 4:45 p. m." and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
i R. B. MILROT. Secretary.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
A philosopher once said
-^^^^m. that it was
as unwise to use
>§|||*M^£' , '^ when necessary.
Duffy's Pore 1 Malt Whiskey
is alwolutely pure, and is the only medi-
cinal whiskey recognized by medical
science. It has more medicinal prop-
erties than any other medicine.
fiorernmefit -tamp mirks the genuine. Druggists nsuslljr
;rll it. If yours does not, a bottle will be sent you, prepaid,
j lor ; si- for $$. Write for interesting book.
i Duffy Malt Whiskey Co., Rochester, N. V,
j I Will Give $1000
>iai&fctfligSLf v- If I fail to cure any
Jm\wiiW& EsP^'-m CANCER°»"W"' I
li/My \r*f_Si£-^ ; 'is<^«»-_ treat before it scat-
KHjp * crs or a ff ects ,ne
™* nB NoPain!
I Z» '$]) Until Cured.
«!_,.>•' 2S years' experi-
\ ! *'^!(a. .fence. 1000 cancer
| V -w 6 -' //• now in my offices in
V >' ' alcohol. Lady attend-
V. st/'','/' i_ ant - A °y hard
■"''' \^rß*s^ lump anywhere
V W^^^s^^^gjeS^^ is cancer.
i P^^^^^S^rß^T^lAny lump in a
Woman's Breast is Cancer
If large always poisons tlie glands in armpit,
when cure is almost impossible.
BOOK SENT FREE . . _
With symptoms addresses and testimonials of
| thousands cured in California. Write them.
I S.R. CHAMLEY, M.D., 25 Third St., S.F.
I SEND TKI* in -.orr.* mi. WITH CANCER.
AMUSEMENTS. .
COLUMBIA THEATER.
. MATINEE TO-DAY— 75c. 50c. 25c.
— TO-NIGHT. SUNDAY NIGHT AND
c 6 y^VNlghts
X*^_i* * /
X^Sa/^ /
NEXT X^/WEEK!
—SPECIAL FARCE COMEDY PRICES—
a.l T»e f>Oc and 2.".c.
Sunday, Oct. _- "A MILK WHITE FLAG."
CALIFORNIA THEATERS'.*
CROWDED TO CAPACITY LAST NIGHT.
TREMENDOUS nUCCESB OF THE YOL'NG
AMERICAN TRAGEDIENNE.
NANCE O'INEIL.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2:15 P. M.
The New CAMILLE.
REMEMBER, at the MATINEE, the Entire
Ground Floor. ",0c; Balcony, -•"•••
TO-N.GIIT-LAST TIME OF
•♦THE JEWESS."
Commencing SUNDAY NIGHT. Oct. 15,
LAST WEEK OF NANCE O'NEIL. Sunday.
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday
Nights and Saturday Matinee, "MAGDA";
Friday Night (only time). "THE SCHOOL
FOR SCANDAL": Saturday Night (by special
request. "OLIVER TWIST."
EVENING PRICES— 7Sc. 50c and 25c.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 532.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2:15.
i The public will never cease to entertain a
particular affection for operas like "Glrofle-
i Glrofla," wherein jolly music and bright dia-
; logue unite in producing a pleasant entertain-
! ment. One thing must be put to the credit
of the Gran 1 Opera-house and that If the
pains taken In «he production of Its plays.
| There is never a hitch In the performance.
] The mounting, costumes and chorus present
I always a eh:. 1 appearance.— Alfred Metzger in
I The Call.
LAST NIGHT BUT ONE OF
Lecocq's Sparkling Comic Opera.
GIROFLE -GIROFL A!
NEXT WEi;K-"NANON."
USUAL PRICES— t6c, 2.'c. 3r.c and 50c.
Best R-'servei! Seat at Saturday Matinee 25c.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
MATINEE TO-DAY AND SUNDAY.
LAST TWO MGHTS OF
_fc. ,iM
ifl\A THE
% PENMAN!
1 Next Week— "THE MASKED BALL."
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNON AND EVENING
TO-DAY— CHILDREN'S DAY !
CONCESSIONS FREEJJEFCRE 2:30 P. M.
ADGIEi^iI^f^rLIONS
A great vaudeville show, AND
Harmon and . eaburj, tiigh Divers.
TO-NIGHT— !
JEFFRIES-FITZSIMGNS FIGHT,
And Scenes From the DREYFUS CASE.
Reproduced by the Anlmatoscope
Phone for Seats. Park 23. ,
"THEY'RE OFF" $?_,
STEEPLECHASE, Sark. ral
GRAND TRANSFORMATION. 25 funniest
novelties In the world, Just arrived from Co-
ney Island. N. Y. All invented to create
merry laughter and drive dull care away. Come
once and you will surely come daily. See Prof.
Hill and hold your breath while he performs
moat marvelous teats on wire 100 feet high.
Ride the goat in third degree regions. Try the
"Bicycle Circus," "Skating Slide." "Magnifi-
cent Mechanical Band." "Jumping Seat,"
"Great Aerial Slide." "Mysterious Mirror,"
"Rajszle Floor," "Barrel of Love." "Funny
Stairway." "Blower," "Rubber Neck Glazier,"
"Bewildering Passage," "Human Case,"
"Aunt Sally." "Art Rooms." "Moving Pic-
! tures," "Mvstlc Fountain," "Swings." "Spring
Elevator." "War Relics." Horseraces. Every-
body rides. $5000 in souvenirs to winners of
each race. lie admission to attractions and
ride on horses 10c. Open dally continuous from
1 until 12 p. nu "
DEUTSCHER THEATER,
■'.'■-: (COMEDY THEATER. BUSH ST.)
SUNDAY EVENING, Oct. 15, 1899.
HANS HUCKEBEIN.
Box sheet now open. Tel. Main 179*.
78
SPORTS
OAKLANDERS
ARE SEEKING
A GOLF EXPERT
San Rafael Players Show Much
Interest in the Fortnightly
Handicaps.
_____
The fortniglrtlv tournaments of the San
Ratael Golf Club, conducted by In
structor T. W. Tetley, are exciting much
interest, among the members and attract
a goodly number of entries. For the
men's handicap, eighteen holes, medal
play, held last Saturday, there were eigh
teen entries, .xf whom fifteen played and
eleven made returns. Baron Alex yon
Schroeder and .1. J. Crooks both made
gross scores of 126 and net scores of 109.
in playing off the tie J. J. Crooks won.
The ladies' hanelicap. nine holes, medal
play, was won by Miss Mary MeCalla,
wiiti a score ot 74 — 'J — 6s. The approach
putting contest; five balls, at a distance
of seventy-live yards, was won. after a
tie. by Mrs. R. G. Brown, with a score
of 16. Mist" Alice Hoffman won the driv
nix contest, with a drive of 157 yards,
with the roll.
On the Oakland links last Saturday
the men's foursomes, match play, with
handicap, which began September 23,
were brought to a conclusion, W. P. .John
son and G. S. Wheaton defeating W. Ma
gee and 11. 11. Smith in the ttnal four
some. The final tournament for the per
manent possession of the Tibbel a up was
won by E. R. Kolger. who. defeated D. F.
Belden in the first round and i. E. Bow
in the final md.
The event on the schedule of the Oak
land club for last Saturday was an open
medal play competition, eighteen holes,
with handicap. There were seventeen
entries, thirteen of whom, despite the
great lieat of tho day, played. The fol
lowing are the results:
Handl-I
COMPETITORS- Gross, cap. j Net.
R. M Fitzgerald S6 10 SO
ii. M. -\. [ill. 106 20 S6
G. iv Gow 102 15 S7
,G. 1). Greenwood 100 10 M
K. H. Folger !.6 4 1 82
_\. Goodall 104 12 9->
11. .1. Knowles 105 10 S5
T. K. Hutchinson 114 18 96
V. H. Kemillard 113 16 97
T. Kickanl 115 , 16 I ;..
C. P. Hubbard 100, Scr'tch, 100
C. O. G Miller 132 ._ | 110
J. >'■ Ann a [22 11 j m
W. P. Johnson, handicap 12; A. Bake
well 15, <.. S. Wheaton 16 and W. a. Ma
gee IS. did not play last Saturday. The
entrance fee of $1 for each competitor
Will be divided as follows: Three-fourths
to the winner . nd one-fourth to the sec
ond man, the money to be expended in
clubs, balls or other golfing goods. To
day there will be mixed foursomes eigh
teen hole's, match play, with handicap, the
prizes for the winners being silver
trophies.
Secretary H. M. A. Miller has been
corresponding with and telegraphing to
several professional golfers in he East
among them to Will Smith, who de
feated Lawrence Auchterlonie of Glen
View for the open championship of the
"West, at Glen View, near Chicalgo. He
also won the open championship at Bal
timore. Mr. Miller has not been able to
make terms with him. Will Smith, like
most of the good professional golfers is
young, being only 23 years old this month
lie has been playing golf -since he was
a boy of 11, having learned the game on
the famous links at Carnoustie, ibcotlauu
At th age of 17 he won his first great
match, defeating the noted professional
Archie Simpson, 5 up. 4 to play, on the
Carnoustie links. His first engagement
in this c v . n 4 , was with the Shlnnecock
Hills Golf Club, at Southampton, I, I
and In the spring of this year he won't
to the Midlothian Country Club Blue
Island. Hast year he finished fifth In the
open championship of the United States
The new clubhouse of the Los Angeles
Country Club Will be formally opened
next Saturday, on which day a big tour
nament will be held. Among the events
is a handicap open to members of any
golf club.
The people of San Jose have taken up
golf, their m ictice having hitherto been
limited to the race track in Agricultural
Dark. Now. however, the Linda Vista
Hotel grounds have been secured and a
course of about 2200 yards will be laid out
by the instructor at the Del Monte links
The course will extend from -Alum Rock
avenue to the olive grove on Julian street.
The ground Is said to be naturally suit
able for golf. A club is being formed one
of the principal movers in its organiza
tion being A. C. Kuhn. -
There is a good deal of golf playing at
Santa Cruz, the Country Club numbering
among its members several golfers who
play on links in Vue de l'Kau Park. Mr
and Mrs. J. F. Coope have laid out a
course on their ranch to the north of the
city. Among those who play at Santa
Cruz are: Mr. and Mrs. Paul It. Jarboe
Mr. and Mrs. Jerome Case Bull, Mr. and
Mrs. H. F. Anderson. Mr. and Mrs. A
V. Cotton, Baron yon Hiller and Mrs. w!
L Haslam.
Play for the women's championship be
gan October 10 on the links of the Phila
delphia Country Club at Raia, under the
auspices of the United States Coif 1 Asso
ciation. The preliminary round is at
eighteen holes, the sixteen players making
the best scores qualifying for the cham
pionship competition. The course is 5420
Tarda
WILL PULL IN
FOUR-OARS FOR
CHAMPIONSHIPS
Rowing Races in El Campo
Waters May Furnish Some
Surprises.
The annual championship regatta of the
Pacific- Association of the Amateur Ath
letic Union will be held to-morrow over
the El Campo course. The starting line
will be to the south of tin- steamer
I'kiah's landing place, and the course will
be in a northerly direction past the danc
ing pavilion one and a sixteenth miles to
the stakes, the finishing line being in full
view of the crowd on the beach. A good
list of entries has been received, though
there are no representatives from the
Stockton Athletic Association, the Olym
pic Boat Club or the University of Cali
fornia. The Dolphins have not entered a
barge crew, but have contributed three
• -scullers. In the junior skiff race
there are four entries, and In the senior
skiff event there are three. The latter,
the entries in which are A. W. Pape, Dr.
i.e. Dennis and George Baker, will prob
ably be the most exciting ami keenly con
tested event of the day, all the men being
in excellent condition and hard workers.
'1 he two first named have had a wide ex
perience In boat racing.
For the senior shell race there are three
entries, and the same Dumber for the
junior shell race. In the former event J.
P. Foley of the South Ends Is likely to
prove the winner, and in the latter George
Lewis of the Alameda Boat Club. The
Alameda champions, the Pioneers, and the
South Ends are entered in the senior
barge race, but only F. W. Ayefs and W.
G. Hanson are left of the Alameda crew
that rowed at Astoria, K. li. Hadcock
having taken the bow seat and D. <;.
Greenleaf rowing No. 3. The South
End crew, consisting of Pallas, Breen,
Lyons and Scully, with G. McGrill as
cockswain, have been practicing regu
larly, and In their new Rogers barge are
likely to win.
The South End junior barge crew is in
good trim and consists of strong men well
trained. It will probably win the junior
championship. If it does so it will row
over the course for the intermediate
barge championship. Several of the. con
testants are entered in two or more
events, Dr. C. C. Dennis being in the
senior skiff, junior and intermediate barge
races; .1. P. Foley pulling in the senior
shell, junior and Intermediate barge; D.
G. Greenleaf rowing in the senior and
junior barge crews of the Alameda. Club,
and E. B. Hade of Alameda being en-
rod in the senior shell race and also in
the senior baige event. F. W. Ayers not
being able to secure a boat to his liking
has not entered in the senior skiff event.
in the junior barge race the Ariel crew
consists entirely of men entered in that
event only, whereas the Alameda and
South End crews have two men each who
j-.ro entered for other events. This ought
to be a deoiderl advantage to the Ariels,
who Iwv n practicing faithfully and
doing go.hi work.
There will be a cutter race between dl
vision« 1 and 2 of the Naval Battalion.
The entries for the second division crew
were given In Tuesday's Call, while the
folio- make up the crew of the first
division: J. Beattie, O. Smith, F. Bush,
O. Olson, C. Nickle. J. Back, J. Bode. B.
Kaufner. ■'. Lindecker and 11. Paulsen;
J. F. Murphy cockswain.
Last Sunday the new handball court of
the South End Rowing Club was formally
opened, Al Hampton and partner playing
four games against Kilgallon and Line
ban of Ryan's court. Each pair won two
games. The senior and junior intermedi
ate-barge crews went out in the new
Rogers boat under the direction of Cap
tain Will Thomas. Roth crews rowed well
together, and they have hopes of pulling
off all three barge championships, the in
termediate going by default.
:.♦ ■ .
DOINGS OF DOG FANCIERS.
The board of directors of the-San Fran
cisco Kennel Club met recently to con
sider the resignation of Henry 11. Carl
ton as secretary. Mr. Carlton's departure
for Napa County was the reason assigned
by that gentleman for desiring to resign.
The directors felt they could not dis
pense with his services. Mr. Carlton was
asked to reconsider his decision, and
agreed to do -so, provided an assistant
be appointed to transact necessary busi
ness in this city. -v 'r ' •
J. G. Mansfield is developing as a fan
cier of small breeds. ■ He has acquired
successively a fox terrier dog by Mission
Idol out of Golden Light, a pug by Im
ported Prince of Australia out of Import
ed Fife and a collie dog by Armskiok
Blucher out of Iris. ,
Norman J. Stewart, secretary of the
California Collie Club, has disposed of all
his collies 'on bloc' to O. J. Albee of Law
rence. It is rumored that Mr. Stewart
intends to return shortly to England, and
it is on this account he has disposed of
bis dogs.
Dr. K. O. Steers on Monday last am
putated a paw of the English setter X K.
The dog's paw had been badly crushed
by a wagon passing over It, and ampu
tation was the dYily possible means of
preventing blood poisoning. The opera
tion was highly successful. Dr. Steers
intends to affix an artificial paw to the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1899.
•THE OLYMPIC AMD OHIVErOITY OF. CALIFORNIA, TEArD
Ifi THE FIRt)T GAME qf THE REASON <> « «
COACHES AND ELEVENS
HARD AT THEIR WORK
University of California Football Players Will Meet the Olympics
To-Day for the Second Time.
/' I '>HE public which follows football had an opportunity to
1 ?auge both the college teams and their mutual competitor;
THE Olympics. The prevalent opinion is that the Unlver
gauge both the college teams and their mutual competitor,
the Olympics. The prevail nt opinion is that the Univer-
I sity of California has the strongest team In the field and
■ at this early day of the season 13 In a position which
should result in a victory on Thanksgiving day, when Blue and
Gold crosses Cardinal.
Assurance often means victory, but a talk with Conches
Ccchran and Kelly produces no such confidence In California's
success. Stanford has just begub a season In which everything
will be formative and evolutionary. Chamberlin is coach par
excellence for just such work, and every day something is done
ward the making of a team at Palo Alto. To say that Cali
fornia has an unshakable hold on the intercollegiate game is
reckoning without the host. A; much stronger and better game
will have to be played by the Dim- and Gold to win the great
yearly contest than has been played during the last week.
Nothing will really be known of the ability of the Cardinal
eleven until two weeks before the big game. At that time a
Stanford team will be formed and will play as the eleven rep
resenting the college. Until then every Stanford team seen in
this city Will be an experimental one. This may or may not
be a disadvantage. Cochran took raw material last year, de
veloped it and created a team that stuck together like mucilage.
Coach Chamberlain is doing the same with Stanford, and if
matters progress there with the steady improvement the work
already shows the Cardinal will have a team worth;.- of any
California can put in the field, j
A slump has struck Berkeley and Cochran is by no means
satisfied with the team's work; During the week "Locomotor"
Smith. Kaarsberg, VVomble and Hall were laid off on account
of slight injuries and a too early rounding Into condition. Cali
fornia ls coming into shape ratjier rapidly, and the trainers are
exercising the greatest watchfulness over the men in regard to
physical condition. The practice game on the California
campus has been slow, comparing it with that which the
coaches think it should be. Ccebran, since Kelly's advent, has
been giving most of his time to the team play, with occasional
advice to linesmen. Kelly is h»idling the backs, and the Cali
fornia players have discovered that there were several things
in back-of-the-llne play they had not learned.
Whipple's injury will keep him out of the game for some
time, and his position at tackle is now being played by different
men. When Smith, Womble, Kaarsberg and Hall were taken
out of the game the substitute men were given a chance, and
for a time everything was chaotic on the California team.
These four men will probably play in the game this afternoon,
as Cochran is strong in the belief that the team which is likely
to meet Stanford on Thanksgiving day should receive as much
practice in match games as possible. California's men will be
in no better condition to-day than when the Olympics met them
two weeks ago In the opening game of the season.
The Olympics' confidence of an unbroken string of victories
has given way to a hopefulness for a victory. "With material
that is equal to the best they have been vanquished by Califor
nia, an experienced but light team, and tied by Stanford, inex
perienced and also light in weight. The clubmen are beginning
to think that Individuals are not everything and something
must be done to shake off the "hoodoo." This week the men
have trained with more spirit, and the public is promised that
the team will know its signals without painful waits. Some
changes will be made in the line-up of the team, In the first
half Varney and Dinsmore will play halves and Thlerkauf full
back. In the second half Felton Taylor will play fullback,
Thierkauf probably going to one of the end positions. On the
line a few changes will have the effect of making a new forma
tion. Monroe will occupy the central position, with Cadwallader
stump of the log, and expects to have his
patient running around freely hi a few
Weeks. ... t
J. B. Martin, the noted fox terrier ox
pert, has refused the invitation of the
California Collie Club to judge that breed
at Oakland. He does not care to counte
nance shows held under any other than
American Kennel Club rides. Mr. Mar
tin's action is warmly applauded by the
fanciers of the coast.
A movement has been instituted by the
St» Bernard Club in petitioning the San
Francisco Kennel Club to appoint L. L.
Campbell superintendent, as he commend
ed himself to exhibitors at the late show
by his impartial enforcement of the rules.
It is unlikely that tin- San Francisco
Kennel Club will accede to the request
of the convention of specialty clubs to
hold the next show in April. It is con
sidered that the uncertain weather would
endanger its financial success. Besides
which none but short-haired dogs would
be in good coat and fit for exhibition.
Joseph Cutteh'a rough coated St. Ber
nard, Alta Maud, by Dictator out of Alta
Rosa, has whelped fifteen puppies, of
which eleven are dogs, to the late Alto
Milo by Judith's Sir Bedwere out of
Santa Rosa.
The sun rises in the east, but bread
rises with the yeast in it.
F. O. YOUNG EQUALS WORLD'S RECORD
FOR TEN SHOTS WITH A REVOLVER
FO. YOUNG, a member of the Columbia Pistol and Rifle
Club of this city, has. equaled the world's revolver rec
ord. Some weeks since Thomas Anderton, the expert
_ revolver shot of the East, made the phenomenal score
' • of 35 points In ten shots on the Columbia target ln a
80-shot match. His score equaled 96 out of a possible 100 points
on the standard American target, which Is brilliant shooting.
F. O. Young, one of a -little .group of experts in this city, an
nounced at once that he would try for the record at the first
opportunity. Tills developed last Sunday at Harbor View
range.
Mr. Young made a match to shoot his .4 S. & W. Russian
model revolver against P. Becker and G. Hoadley, who used tar
get pistols. In his ten shots at fifty yards on the Columbia
target with a four-inch bullseye Mr. Young made 1, 6, 2, 3, 6, 4,
3, 2, 1, 7—35 points— equals Anderton's record and beats'
the Pacific Coast record of 41, held by J. E. Gorman. Out of
the ten shots seven of the bullets wore placed within the four
inch circle, while the average was 3.5 inches. The poorest shot
was 3Vfc inches from the dead center. ', : i
Tlie u-.-'.mi>aiiyitig ii!u;-t ra ' iu:i, showing Mr. Yo u i i^^TtvatM
from the This has aH
are to the publicl
prize rifle tournament by the Sacramento i ,, iaH
Rifle on the the near Sacra-I
Among who will from city i; I
Phllo F. ,'.'H
John San Stockton,' Wood-H
other also be rop -M
Tho feature the tho point!
prizes -..,H
to $1 will be given. The tickets on this will call for eight shots "
™±, Th « king shooting tickets will call for 300 the marksman making themost points to receive the "King" dia
mond medal. On this there will .be nine cash consolation prizes ranging from *S to $10. Several cash prizes will be
given for the best single tickets on the point target. *»««■ wuj ut
as right and Hobbs as left guard. Sheehy and Erskine will play
the tackle positions, with McLaine and Hamilton as ends. Code
will be in his old place at quarter. The elevens will line up this
afternoon at Sixteenth and Folsom streets at 3 o'clock as
follows:
Olympic. Position. California.
McLaine Left— End— Right Womble
Erskine Left— Tackle— Right Albert sen
Hobbs Left— Guard— Right Grelsberg
Monroe Left— Center— Cornish
Cadwallader Left— Guard— Right Aplin
Sheehy Tackle— Right Bingle
Hamilton Left— Right Masters
Code Quarter Hopper
or Kerfoot
Dinsmore .....Left— Half— Right Smith
Varney Left— Half— Right ...Hall
Tblerkauf Full Kaarsberg
or Taylor .■.:..:; ai"'«iiti or Moore
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 13.— With the cooler
weather there has come a revived interest upon the gridiron,
and, excepting Rice, all of Stanford's varsity players are none
the worse for their brush with the Olympics last Saturday.
From now on tin- coaches will devote more time to the fine
points of the game, and when chamberlin next sends his men
to the city it will be as a team rather than a mere aggregation.
This week has seen the addition of two men to the line
which will materially stiffen and strengthen it. "Babe" Bur
nett, the giant center of the 1897 team, has donned his suit
again after a week of training under the care of Dr. Murphy
and is in fairly good condition, tipping the beam at 190 pounds.
It is probable he will be seen at tackle this year, as Cham
berlin is desirous of playing him there. In this case Ed Gilman
will play the center position, as he has the necessary weight
and experience. The other man is De Forrest, for several years
guard on the Multnomah team of Portland and one of the best
players in the north. His position is guard,' where he will be
placed immediately by the coaches, who have been waiting for
euch an acquisition to the team. The ends will be well looked
after, but back of the line the outlook is not so promising.
Garth Parker, a veteran at the end of the line, is being tried
at half, and though he Is quick he has the unpardonable fault
of running back - with the ball. Until he overcomes this he
has poor prospects of becoming such a ground gainer as the
position calls for. The other half will undoubtedly be a fresh
man, as will also be the fullback. Roberts, Campbell, Jordan
and Willot are candidates for the latter place, while Wilson,
Smith, Allen, Raitt and Parkin are in the race for the former.
The trainers and coaches mingle with their men both on the
field and off It. and are coming to know just what work each
man can do. The early establishment of the training table
and the constant supervision of a skilled trainer precludes the
danger of fever which was so current among the squad last
year.
The past week has been given up partially to interclass
games, which have done much to bring out the crowd and de
velop enthusiasm. As the time for the freshman intercollegi
ate match draws near the baby team continues to show im
provement. The work of the team is good, considering that its
personnel is changed with each game. They have the best ma
terial that has come Into the university since the class of '9S
entered, and there is no reason why the men should not give
a good account of themselves before the season is. over. How
ever, they have much to accomplish yet before they are a
strong team, and the attention of the coaches 'must be directed
toward them for the next two weeks if they hope for victory.
TAIL-ENDERS
WILL MEET IN
A HOT FIGHT
This Is the week in which the balltossers
of Oakland are going to try the great act
of forcing the Crabs of Santa Cruz into
last place. The Duties are inflated with
recent success and are imbued with the
notion that nothing can stop them, so for
midable have they proved of late. On
the other hand, Manager Tuttle of Santa
Cruz attributes the comparatively poor
showing of his aggregation to nothing
but hard luck. The fact is that Santa
Cruz has been suffering from weakness In
the box. Whelan has been pitching win
ning ball, but Andrews and Balsz appear
to have lost their cunning. Tuttle has
strengthened his team by substituting
McCarthy for Williams at second base,
and he thinks that he now possesses the
fastest Infield in the State. McCarthy
was formerly the mainstay of the Wat
sonville club. Besides being a good
striker, he is capable of playing any posi
tion on the diamond.
- Oakland and Santa Cruz will play two
games in this city and one in Oakland on
Sunday morning, while the local team will
PROGRESS AT STANFORD.
go to Sacramento to wind up the series
of five games with the leaders. The line
up for to-morrow is as follows:
Santa Cruz. Position. Oakland.
Morrow Catcher Hammond
Whelan Pitcher Harper
Streib First base Hutchinson
McCarthy Second base. ...... Dunleavy
Devereaux Third base Lange
Babbitt Shortstop Schmeer
Dalrymple Left field Moskiman
Drennan Center field Donovan
Clark Right field Hardie
SWIMMERS AND DIVERS.
The usual programme of aquatic sports
has been prepared by the management of
Sutro Baths for to-morrow. The entries
are as follows: .
60 yard dash, novice— C. N'eal. C. Shilling, A.
Kaufman, P. Ritter, R. Cook, F. Fleming. P.
Lowenthal. 50 yard dash, Juveniles— C. Sulli
van, C. I.undln, It. Stelljes, J. Wilson, J. Wil
bert, T. La Husen, J. Laird, E. Smith. 100 yard
tub race O. Ehrman, E. "Wells, 11. Stelljes, H.
Olson G. Adler, E. Beyer, C. Augustus, E.
Lleboldt, A. Baudain. Trick and fancy spring
board diving— TV". Hoffman. O. McCormic, F.
Ralston, J. Cathcart, R. Riding. O. Misner, A.
Basanatorl, J. O'Brien, W. Wilson, M. Cart
wright. R. Cordell, E. Peters, W. Douglass
M. Divert.
THREATENING
WEATHER IS
DUCK WEATHER
Hence Gunmen Go Joyously
to Their Preserves This
Week.
With the thermometer registering over
| 100 degrees the gunners who went in quest
j of ducks last Sunday enjoyed but little
I sport to compensate them for their exer
tions. The members of the Teal and
I Ibis clubs did no shooting, while there
was but little organized shooting on any
of the preserves. Those who did secure
birds did not enjoy them, as they would
not stand transportation. Down about
Alvarado no birds were to be seen.
Although the week opened with poor
firomise of sport for some time to come,
t closed with brightened prospects.
Threatening weather is duck weather, and
the elements have done more than threat
en since Wednesday. As a sequence the
clubmen will seek their preserves joy
ously this week and expect well-filled
game bags. The district over which men
may shoot will be extended, as ground
that has been dry will have filled with
water, thus forming new ponds.
Reports received from Southern Oregon
are to the effect that enormous numbers
of birds are to be found there. These will
ln time come southward and will spread
out over this country, providing sensa
tional sport later on.
A. M. Shields was the. most successful
man last Sunday on the Prlngle Club's
preserve near Suisun, securing eighteen
birds, sixteen of them being sprig.
The men on the Olympic Gun Club pre
serve last Sunday were: George Walker.
Dr. A. T. Derby, H. L. Miller, Howard
Black, W. A. Marshall and Fred Feudner.
Despite the heat, they tried the sport, the
average bag being about five birds.
On Wednesday the sport was better,
owing to the marked change in the
weather. Al Gumming: secured eleven
sprig, four mallard and a white goose.
W. D. McArtliur killed seven sprig, two
mallard, a goose and a spoonbill. A F
Hoepke, H. L. Miller and J. Homer Frltcli
all bad fair sport over the decoys.
W. F. Whittier Jr. did great execution
near Suisun on Wednesday, getting lit;
birds. This is the best shooting reported
from any of the preserves this season.
ROAD RACE POSTPONED.
The annual ten-mile handicap road race
of the Associated Cycling Clubs, which
was scheduled to be run to-morrow over
the straightaway course from Fruitvale
to Haywards, has been postponed for one
week owing to the Inclement weather.
The racing board decided that this was
the best plan, as it is hard on the riders
and somewhat dangerous, to run a race
over a muddy road, and besides the men
will be afforded another week in which
to train for the event. The entries al
ready number over three score and more
will undoubtedly come in now that it ha*
been postponed. v nas
Chairman Boos of the racing board has
appointed the following officials to serve
upon the day the race is run: B <- r *e
Referee— L. Loos, unattached. Judges—
Charles Albert Adams, unattached- Paul M
Mppert, presiaent C. A. C. C. : Frank H Ker'
r.gan. B. C. W.; Edwin Goeller O C \v •
Emil F. Fahrbaeh. B. C. W. ; L 6. Sill fl 6"
W. Timers-Archibald Reld. B. C. W • Austir;
FUi n 0« e> O B eV V -J "ji £>^ne: A John
l.iiiott, P. U VV, J. a. Desimone, G C W •
George P. Wetmore, B. C W • Herman n
Hadenfeldt, O. C W. ; Edwin Mohrig B " W
Srorors-Stanly G. Scovern. secretary C AC
C.; Herbert D. Clark, unattached; HW
Spalding, unattached; O. C Owens G <• tv •
§■ V A *&?• 5 C - r W - iT Fra^ H nS Wa«ers Jr.!
1 , t 'ort»^_w" t *•• t G. Monte alegre. O. C. W.
Starter— W. L. Loos, unattached ass Islam
SSSSft Loos, unattached. Clerk of course-!
T-JSrif- " ;,no " ck - "■ <•• w -: assistant. J. B.
Lamkin Q C. W. • Chief marshal-"Pon' :
Thorn. E. ('.; assistant. M. E. Games. E. C.
Chief umpire-George E. Dixon B C W •
assistants, G. B. Stangenberger. B. C w' :
Louis Meyers, unattached. • ••
The following are the names of the en
trants received up to the time it was de
cided to postpone the race:
Olympic Club Wheelmen— Frank Carroll, Les
ter Livingston, Harry Anthony, L., H. Smith
Thomas H. White, H. D. Bean, George Kroetz'
R. A. Henderson, E. A. Bozio, George I. Ful
lS_X,', E. F . Ru ss, Charles Long, Milton Davis
Eddie Adams. '
Bay City Wheelmen— E. Hanjes, Ben Noonan
F. J. Wiseman.. A. E. Davidson. L. H. Brown'
Ed Fleming, A. Hainque, Charles Rueser, \v'
B. Longwlll, Walter J. Davidson. John Gil
man,. E. A. Rusac, Frank Mariscli, Ed War
ren.
Garden City Wheelmen— Barton Downing, \v
A. Calvert. I". Coffin, Patrick McDonald. Ho
mer Lowe, M. G. Francis, J. E. Wing E R
Wastie. ' '
Acme Club— George W. Ferris, H. p. Cripns
A. T. Smith.
California Cycling Club— H. S. Kristcnsen B
J. Holler A. Karl. Charles Stagger. ' *
Berkeley Cycling Clubr-Augustlne B. Berg.
Unattached— E. E. Bergmann. C. L. Braun,
H. 'A. Irving, W. H. Harrison; L. Merrlan.,
President Paul M. Nippert has called
a special meeting of the California Asso
ciated Cycling Clubs for next Monday
night. the 16th Inst., at room 557. Parrott
building, for the purpose of discussing
the proposition of ; the association turn
ing over its control of racing on this
coast to the National Cycling Association
This will mean the reorganization of the.
WOULD RUN
THE AMERICAN
WATERLOO HERE
Local Leashmen Will Strive to
Secure Next Year's Clas
sic Event.
The coursing men of California will
make a strong effort to have the Ameri
can Waterloo, one of the classic events
in the coursing year, held in this State
next season. The stake will be run tnis
year on the 20th inst. on an inclosed
field at Dallas, Texas. Only two Califor
nia dogs— Emm Pasha and Metallic— of
Pasha Kennels will be in the ' running.
John Halton, who has gone on to" the
meeting, Is commissioned to invite the
American Coursing Board to run off its
greatest event in this State next year.
The sport on . this coast has outgrown
that of the East. While the added money
for the American Waterloo is only $600
Ingleslde and Union Park each add near
ly $800 or more every week in the year.
Union Park adds over $1000 this week to
mark its one hundredth coursing meeting.
One hundred and forty-four dogs will go
to the silos' ln two stakes. It seems each
week that the highest class dogs have
been entered, but this stake towers above
all others in quality.
Ingleslde Coursing Club was largely
represented on Thursday at the funeral of
John Eagan, an obi time coursing man.
Mr. Eagan owned stJme notable perform
ers, the. test of them being Mayflower.
He also owned Sly Girl, another brilliant
performer, before coursing had developed
into a business proposition. Of the dogs
which ran in his name in recent years
Billy Gladstone was considered the best.
He was the runner-up In last year's Pro
duce stake.
Sterl & Knowles will start Frosty
Morn, their latest Australian Importation,
at Union Park this week. He is a brin
dle dog of good size and quality and
should equal the performances of the
same firm's imported Sleety Mist on the
field.
The most notable sale of greyhounds
ever made on this coast was that effected
by.D. J. Heaiy of Petaluma during the
past week. He disposed of six of his
kennel for $2000. The dogs Include Rusty
Gold, O'Hara, For Glory, Amarosa, Oleta
and Ripple. All except the latter two
have been thoroughly tried out and have
shown themselves to be high-class per
formers. The dogs are running in the.
name of Sterl & Knowles, but the pur
chaser is said to be a woman who has
taken. a deep interest in coursing. Before
. purchasing the Haley dogs she offered
Tim Cromn $600 for Wild Tra.ee or $1000
for Wild Tralee and Thornhill. The of
fer was declined.
This sale Indicates that the commercial
side of coursing Is just beginning to as
sume prominence and old time ieashraen
find it difficult to embrace the new order
of affairs. In the past money was sel
dom paid for dogs, most of them being
secured in trade or as gifts. • .
Secretary Nichols of the American
Coursing Board will come to this coast
for the Dlains meeting of the Interstate
Coursing Club. Mr. Handy of the cours
ing firm of Handy & Smith is also ex
pected here with a string of dogs.
Ralph Taylor left on Thursday night
for his home In Emporia, Kans. He Is
i expected back before the Ist of Novem
ber. r :3SSSB
The management of Union Coursing
Park has disbursed $54,618 50 in prizes
during the past year and as much more
to the 120 men employed at the park in
various capacities.
The changes in the field at Ingleslde
have reduced the chances of fluky
courses and have thereby Improved the)
chances of the dogs.
A meeting of the San Mateo Cour«lnjr
Club, formed in connection with the Sari
Mateo Coursing Association, was held ln<».
. night at Pythian Castle. R. E. de B
; Lopez was elected president, and the exec-
I utive committee, composed exclusively of
! dog men. two field stewards and a com
| mittee on by-laws were also appointed
I One thousand dollars added money will
be given for the open stake at the In
augural meeting on the 21st inst. It will
be divided as follows: $250 to winner spa
| to runner-up and other prizes In nroDo'r
tion. The draw will be hold next Wednes
day night at. Pythian Castle. • weane3 "
C. A. C. C. on the lines of a road racla«
and touring association. ■ dCUW
The Academic Athletic League was to
have held a twenty-five-mile relay rare
between teams from five high schools
over the San Leandro triangle ■ to-day
but the rain has, prevented It The rar*
will be run next Saturday Instead The
teams entered are from the Polytechnic
and Lowell schools of this city the Cali
fornia School of Mechanical Arts Central
High of Oakland and San Jose ■ Hhfh
The Wheelmen of Alameda re
cently elected the • following officers-
Carl F. Ford, president: C C V. Reeved
vice president; R. A. Mesarole senwtArv'
and W. M. Ramsay, treasurer' secretary '
John S. Eagan is receiving the felicita
tions of his friends on his recent marrla«
to Miss Clara Lynch. - a charming voun*
woman of this city. Mr. Eagan wa^
closely identified with the d moment of
the Imperial Cycling Club, at one tlrnV a
.most powerful organization of wheelmen.WASTE OF WATER
TO BE FIGURED
DOT IN DOLLARS
State's Annual Loss
Is Immense.
— A,
IRRIGATORS WILL CONVENE
•♦
CONVENTION TO HEAR EXPERT
TESTIMONY.
«
Placer County Furnishes an Example
of the Benefits of Impounded
Water iv a Dry
Season.
An attempt will be made at the coming
convention In this city of the California
State Association for the Storage of {
Fiood Waters to show just how many
millions of dollars tho State wastes every '
ten years by permitting its water supply ;
t ) run away. This novel computation
will have interest for all classes. Leading
men In the movement are having the prob
lem figured out. There are difficulties in
the way of making exact figures, and
probably nothing better than a reason
able approximation can be given, but this
will be valuable In a general way.
Among the difficulties to be met In the
calculation are included different soils,
which absorb water in varying degrees;
tbe amount taken up by vegetation; also,
in computing the value of water that Is
finally determined to be lost, the price of
water must be averaged. In some places
the price of m miner's inch of water Is
higher than in other sections. It will be ,
possible to get a fair average price, and '
the. miner's Inch will be the basis of mak
i!,g up. the valuation of the lost water.
When the number of millions of dollars
wasted can be shown, some of the advo
cates of saving the water think it will be
easy to demonstrate to all persons who
lend money upon the basis of rural realty;
and especially th, bankers, that saving
the water would be a good investment.
fcolely from the standpoint of insuring the
ability of the borrowers of money in the
country to repay the principal and the in- !
terest of loans.
The Government has gathered statistics
concerning the annual escape of flood
water from the Ohio and the Missis
rivers, and the figures are surprising. The
California problem will have to be figured
out on a somewhat different basis. The
cost of restraining the flood waters and
the money to be earned, on the average,
by having a supply of water that will per
mit the regular irrigation of vast tracts
of land, without regard to the drvnt of
the season, will be included in the" compu
tation to be submitted.
Colonel John P. Irish says that the dif
ference between irrigation and the lack of
irrigation was Illustrated fully last year.
The San Joaquin Valley, owing to the
scanty rain of the preceding winter, had
a very small crop. Placer County, on the
other hand, had a full crop of fruit, be
cause the South Yuba C mpany had the
Fordycc reservoir full of water" that had
been stored. When the South Yuba ditch
ran dry the company turned in the
water from the reservoir, and the people
had all the water they needed and the
orchards were correspondingly fruitful.
That demonstrated what could be done,
Most of the people of Placer County had
forgotten that •here was such a "water
supply In the reservoir until the emer
gency due to the dry season made it
necessary to draw upon it.
CRAWD COUNCIL OFFICERS
. — _
Reports From Three Jurisdictions of
the Young Men's Institute to
the Supreme President.
Frank J. Kierce of this city, supreme
president of the Young Men's Institute,
lias received notice of the following elec
tions in grand Jurisdictions of the order:
For the Northwestern jurisdiction— Most
Revert Alexander Christie of Portland,
Or., grand chaplain; William H. Keary, |
New Westminster, B. C, grand presi
dent; Thomas Deasy, Victoria, B. C,
grand first vice president; Justin S. But-;
ler, Butte. Mont., grand second vice presi
dent; John B. Coffey, Portland, Or., grand
secretary; S. T. Dove., Portland, Or., :
grand treasurer; William Michel, Seattle,
Wash., grand marshal; W. E. O'Brien, i
Vancouver, B. C, W. H. Webber, Walla I
Walla, Wash., T. J. Ivers. Seattle, Wash., j
L. D. Deano, Portland. Or., and George H.
Williams, Rosslaud, B. C, grand direct- I
ors.
For th« Indiana Jurisdiction— Rev. M
L. Guthneck of Madison, grand chaplain;
J. J. K.asper, Madison, grand president;
Robert M. Ftellly, Indianapolis, grand first
vice president: Peter J. Spickert, New
Albany, grand second vice president;
William D. Welch, Lawrencoburg, grand
secretary; George W. Hoffman, Terrf
Haute, grand treasurer; Frank Dittrner,
Huntingburg, grand marshal; Charles B.
Kelly. Vlncennes, grand organizer and
lecturer: F. W. Harnlshfeger, Evansvilie,
E. A. Baecher, Vlncennes, James Heg
arty, Ten Haute, and James McNulty,
Indianapolis, grand directors.
For the Ohio jurisdiction— Rev. J. G.
Cotter, grand chaplain; J. M. O'Brien of
Roanoke. Va., grand president; John
Flanagan, Portsmouth, Ohio, grand first
vice resident; George E. Dundon. Eck
hart. Md., second grand vice president:
Joseph R. Vedder, Reading, < >hio, grand
secretary; Henry Kister, Carthage, Ohio,
grind treasurer; B. H. Breck. Cincinnati;
< thio, grand marshal; Joseph P. Kealy,
Cincinnati, Ohio, grand lecturer an or
ganizer; F. F. J. Goldcamp, [ronton. Ohio.
J. F. Heasel, Roanoke, Va.. T. J. MoNes
by, Manchester, Ohio, and J. M. Ward.
Huntington. W. Va., grand directors.
COURT NOTES.
Charles L. Fair has filed his answer to
the petition of Mrs. Nettle R. Craven for
a family allowance from the estate of tho
late James G. Fair. Fair alleges that the
marriage contract upon which Mrs. Cra
ven bases her claim for a family allow
ance ls a forgery, and hence prays that
ber action be dismissed.
The will of the late Jesse S. Potter was
admitted to probate by Judge Coffey yes
terday. Mrs. Melissa A. Potter, dece
dent's widow, was appointed exeoutrix, to
serve without bonds.
Alice McElearney, an Infant, by her
guardian. James McElearney, filed suit
POSTTTM CEREAL.
BREAKFAST ON DRINK.
Coffee Makes Many Dyspeptics.
"Coff«v? and I had quite a tussle. Two
years ago I was advised by the doctor
to quit the use of coffee, for I had a
chronic case of dyspepsia and serious
nervous troubles, which did not yield
to treatment. I was so addicted to eof- j
fee that it seemed an impossibility to
quit, but when I was put on Postum !
Cereal Food Coffee there was no trou- .
ble In making the change, and to-day
I am a well woman.
"One of the lady teachers in our pub- ;
lie schools was sick and nervous. Fre-
quently the only thing she took for
breakfast was a cup of coffee. I urged
her to try leaving off the coffee and
use Postum Instead. Went so far ns
to send her a sample from my box and
give her directions. She now uses
nothing but Postum Food Coffee, and
told me a short time ago that she was
perfectly well. : : -'.-
"It is easy to make good Postum,
once a person becomes accustomed to
it. I put four heaping teaspoons to the
nint of water and put the Postum in
thin muslin bags, drop the bag into the
water and after it comes up to a boll
S e e ...it from that time on it bolls fif-
teen or twenty minutes; then use good
cream and you have a drink that would
be relished by the Queen." — Mrs. Lizzie
Whlttaker, Kidder, Mo. Postum is sold
by all first-class grocers at 15 and 25
cents per package. I
yesterday against the San Francisco and
San Mateo Railway Company to recover
$i..000 damages for personal Injuries.
Plaintiff alleges that on November 24, 1898,
she was knocked down by one of defend
ant's cars on Harrison street, near Ninth,
and suffered permanent injuries.
The preliminary examination of Charles
H. Richardson, saloon-keeper, 548 How
ard street, charged with the murder of
his wife, was commenced before Judge
lonian v-esterday, but the only witness
examined was Joseph T. Brownlee, who
was present at the time of the murder,
and testified that Mrs. Richardson at
tacked her hu*jand with a bung-starter
before he shot her. The case was con
tinued until Tuesday.
Fred Miller, who for twenty years has
made a specialty of stealing trousers,
was yesterday sent to the County Jail
for six months by Judge Treadwell for
stealing a pair of trousers from F. S.
Batkln, 618 Kearny street.
Josie Williams and Minnie Riley, two
professional shoplifters, were yesterday
convicted by Judge Treadwell and or
dered : : to custody to appear for sentence
this morning. There are four charges
against them.
Charles Nelson, a returned Klondiker,
who accused Ids former landlady, Mrs.
Berths Bye. of doing away with his
clothes and struck her on the face, was
yesterday convicted by Judge Treadwell
ar.d got off with a fine of $5.
Mrs. Nellie I lodgers, who came into
prominence me months ago by being
arrested on complaint of Attorney C. C.
Nagle for embezzling a diamond en
gagement ring, secured a warrant from
Judge Mogan yesterday for the arrest
of John Doe on a charge of petty larceny
for stealing a mirror from her room, 41S
Ellis street
Olanbatista Risso, driver of a bakery
wagon at 1427 Dupont street, secured a
warrant in Judge Mogan's court yester
day for the arrest of Angelo Galli, a
baker In the shop, on the charge of as
sault with a deadly weapon. Thursday
night Galli accused Risso of telling the
boss that he could not bake bread and
Galli pulled a knife out of his pocket and
made a slash at Risso, cutting through
his vest and penetrating his flesh.
A. Gat tei 11, a fruit dealer on Scott
street, near Oak, was yesterday convict
ed by .Tulge Graham on the charge of
cruelty to animals and was ordered Into
custody to appear for sentence this morn
ing. October 6, while an Irish setter dog
was asleep on the sidewalk ln front of
Gattelli's store he plunged a knife Into
its neck, The dog belonged to Lewis Mul
ler, a neighbor.
DUSKY QUEENS
IN A NEW ROLE
AT THE ORPHEUM
IT was a long time ago that Solomon '■
said there was nothing new under the
sun. Since then the Hawaiian Queens
have appeared.
Orpheum patrons until this week have
asked the wherefore of their name. The!
Queens have at last explained by pre- j
senting "King Moo's Wedding Day."
It takes a good opera glass to convince
one that these are the same three who j
last week tripped forth Frenchlly, as ;
daintily artificial as Louis XIV fan pic- j
tures should be. Now they are dusky of j
cheek, red of mouth and lithe of limb. j
They love and they hate and they are j
beautiful, warm barbarians. .
The second place of honor falls to the i
Florcnz troupe of acrobats. There is a
happy family spirit apparent among them
that makes their work more cheerful than
l the average performance of that class.
I There Is no nervous, impending music to
lead up to great feats; they do wonders !
on each other's shoulders in a casual way
and come right side up again in a twink- |
ling with a "How-dy-di expression.
Then off they go after a grand lobbing i
and hopping all over the stage— lt looks .•
for all the world like a frog festival.
Mr and Mrs. Harold Haskins present
what they call a "legitimate comedy." •
The legitimate is an elastic affair. The
Homeos and the Parthenias like to dis
tinguish themselves from Amelia Bing
ham and Rose Coghlan by claiming legiti- :
ma< v. and they In turn wave the word over
the heads of vaudeville stars, and now
come the Harold Haskinses to stalk supe
rior to ethers on the same boards. But |
their farce is a roaring funny one when j
seen for the first time, and you laughed | '
at It last night, be you young or be you
old, even though to-day's sober judgment j
frown at the folly.
The rest of the programme is made up of j ,
last week's holdovers and some fairly; '
good new turns. Little Elsie dances and j
imitates with wiry black arms dangling
in shoulder gloves. She is less fat and
comfy looking than the other stage babies !
who have been descending of late days
upon the town; but then she Is more
clever than most of them. Doing a
prodigy turn is warranted to reduce
weight. Try It.
SARAH COMSTOCK.
Nance O'Neil in "The Jewess."
If a tragedienne desires to test the full
capacity of her dramatic temperament let ;
her appear in the "curse scene" of "The
Jewess" and she will have every oppor- j
tunity to prove whether she is endowed
with versatility. In this part of the drama j
the actress is called upon to Interpret a
variety of emotions, the contrast and |
fervor of which demand the keenest ap
preciation of dramatic climaxes. Hence
it is this very scene which seals the fate
of that woman who desires to be regarded
as a good "Jewess." If she fails here
then all her activity in the balance of the
play becomes futile.
Nance O'Neil seems to dissect the lines. j
She knows every iota of their import,
and what is more she is aware of the |
uniqueness of the Jewish character. She i
does not only portray the emotions of the
woman, the love and hate of th" deserted
one, but she pictures accurately the j
despair of the faithless child who has j
wandered from the straight path of her
religion, her people, her nation, for a
man whom she thinks unworthy of such
sacrifice. Her despair 13 pictured In her i
features, her tears are not affected, her
hate is fierce and her curse springs from
her lips with the piercing anguish of a
soul In torture. She acts her part In a
manner which entrances the audience and
rivets its attention until the curtain drops.
No wonder that five curtain calls re
warded her for her splendid work.
However. Edwin Mordant is not a fit
leading man for such a virile actress as
Nance O'Neil. He may be well enough
as a juvenile In a passably good society j
play, but ho Is certainly out of place In
a drama like "The Jewess." His voice is !
not endowed with sufficient dramatic tim- ■
bre, nor does his deportment exhibit suf- ;
ficient force. The contrast between him I
and the tragedienne is too great to be
; passed by unnoticed.
j Stage children art generally swallowed
up in a play of this sort, but little Anita
! Loos did her part so unaffectedly and
with such natural grace that it "would
be a pity to deprive her of the credit due
her. A stage child who is really child
like in a play is a rarity, but Anita may
be classed among these exceptions. "The
Jewess will be repeated this evening.
ALFRED METZGER.
WIFE- BEATER PUNISHED.
William Fleming, a Coal Carter, Sent
to the County Jail for Four
Months.
William Fleming, river of a coal
wagon, living at 60&-4 Clementina street,
appeared before Judge Treadwell yester
day on a charge of battery upon his
wife. She was In court and had a pair
of blackened eyes and her face was
otherwise bruised and swollen. After
testifying to the assault she begged the
Judge to be lenient with her husband as
she had five young children and had no
means of supporting them.
The Judge said that he could not allow
such a brute to go free and he was
sorry that the law did not empower him
to give him 500 lashes and compel him
to keep sober and support his wife and
children. He sentenced him to four
months in the County Jail and gave Mrs.
Fleming a $5 goldplece to buy provisions
for herself and children and promised
to take her to the Associated Charities,
so that she could be looked after during
her husband's incarceration.
Bonds Insufficient.
The bonds accepted by Judge Treadwell
and Clerk Rice of Judge Conlan's court
for the release of Harry Walters, Henry
Roberts and James West, three bunko
men charged with swindling William
Schneider of Honolulu out of $105, were
declared Insufficient by Bond Expert New
man yesterday, and the three men were
ordered Into custody by Judge Mogan. The
bondsmen were Milo Waldron, saloon
keeper. 914 Market street, and James Til
ton, saloon-keeper, 1001 Market street.
Charles Crawford, the other bunko man
arrested, had the charge of grand larceny
against him dismissed by Judge Mogan, as
Schneider Called to Identify him, but he
is still held on the charge of vagrancy. '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1599.
CANADA SHUT OUT
FROM TIDE WATER
Text of the Agreement
as to. Alaska.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, Oct. 13.
--considerable gratification is felt in ad
ministration circles at the announcement
made by Sir Louis Davies that Canada
has agreed to the arrangement establish
ing a temporary boundary line between
the Dominion and Alaska determined on
by Secretary Hay and Mr. Tower several
weeks ago.
No official confirmation of Sir Louis
Davies' statement was received by the
State Department up to the close of of
fice hours this afternoon. Nevertheless
advices received by the authorities dur
ing the past few days convince them that
he has been correctly quoted, and that
the modus Vivendi has been agreed upon.
It has been practically settled for sev
eral weeks, but there remained some
minor matter of detail to be perfected,
and their discussion has delayed final
agreement.
- As it will be signed, the modus vlvendl
will provide that a temporary boundary
line shad be drawn from the connecting
Canadian custom-house at White Pass
and Chllkoot Pass. The line shall then
be traced southward to a mountain peak
about a mile and a half northwest of the
Indian village of Kuckwan. That line
shall determine the beginning and end of
the authority of the two governments
over their respective territory, and It
shall not prejudice any claim either may
have to territory on either side of the line
outside of such expressed authority. The
rights of private individuals shall not be
prejudiced ln consequence of their loca
tion either in American or British terri-
tory.
The modus vlvendl, Intended specifically
to prevent a conflict of authority between
the constabulary of the two governments
and strife between the citizens of the
United States and the subjects of Great
Britain shall continue in force until a
treaty is negotiated determining a perma
nent boundary.
By this agreement Canada will be ex
cluded from tidewater arid all her goods
sent to the Dominion from the Pacific
must pass through American territory.
She will have no outlet on Lynn canal and
the location of the line above Kluckwan
places her out of reach of even canoe nav
igation. The matter of permitting a Ca
nadian warehouse at tidewater and the
transit of goods to the Dominion over
American territory has no place in the
negotiations relating to the temporary
boundary line and ls a subject of separate
discussion. - .• .-:•. •• ;
The establishment of the modus vlvendl
shows how carefully Secretary Hay has
safeguarded the Interests of this country'
and especially the Pacific Coast.
SUISSER'S PLEA
IS NOT GUILTY
Slayer of Sheriff Farley
in Court.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALINAS. Oct. 13. —At 10 O'clock this
morning the Superior courtroom was
crowded by citizens of Salinas, who as
sembled to be present when the murderer
of Sheriff Farley should be brought Into
court. At the appointed time Sheriff Keef
ushered George Suisser Into the court
room, and as he entered he cast one nerv
ous glance at the spectators and then
hurriedly took a seat in the prisoners'
dock. I'pon Judge Dorn calling the case
C. A. O Dell, attorney for {he prisoner,
made a strong plea to be allowed until
Monday for bis client to plead, but on
his falling to give satisfactory reasons for
a continuance the Judge Instructed that
the plea would be taken at ! o'clock this
afternoon whether the attorney was ready
or not, and continued the case to tlrat
time.
At 2 o'clock the courtroom was again
crowded to hear what plea the assassin
would make. As Sheriff Keef conducted
him to his seat he walked with more forti
tude than in the morning, and entered a
plea of not guilty. The trial was set fur
Tuesday.
SUGAR PLANT SOLD.
Mill at Watsonville Bought by the
Spreckels Company.
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. 13.— A ; deed was
filed In the Recorder's office to-day by
which the Western Beet Sugar Company
transfers the sugar plant at Watsonvlllle
to the Bpreckela Sugar Company. On the
deed were 1817 worth of United States
revenue stamps, the largest: amount of
stamps ever placed on a single deed in
this county. !
THE SUNDAY
I A I OCTOBER 15,
V__i/ \L-L« 1899.
Romantic Death of Lola Alvarez,
\. A San Francisco girl who followed her
j lover to the Yaqui Indian war.
j
BOSTON TO THE BOERS."
Joaquin Miller's latest poem.
OOpijllDlAluEliiM,^^ I^^
How John Morrisey Grew From Circus
Boy to Prince of .Vaudeville Managers.
JUL 'VARSITY. TEAM IN TRAINING QUARTERS.
I; . As seen by a Sunday Call woman.
Why Don't You Learn to Talk j Miss Mary Ball, the Woman Witb
I Chinese? I the Beautiful Arms.
MY EXPERIENCES ON THE FIRING LINE.
}I ' " : By MRS. BOYSEN.
i > -
A PAGE^ OF NEW YORK'S LATEST FASHIONS.
j i ; ————————
Tf.e Closing Chapters of "Active S«rvlc ? "-Dom.stie Science
and a Ho<i of Good Stories.
SCHNEIDER AND
CUIGNET FIGHT
Due! Resulting From the
Dreyfus Case.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
[ LONDON, Oct. 13.— A dispatch from
| Paris says that a representative of the
i Intransigeant, M. Rochefort's paper, as
serts that while seeing a friend off on the
Orient express last evening he observed
Colonel Schneider, former military at
tache of the Austro-Hungarian Embassy
at Paris, being carried to the train, ac
companied by physicians, and with blood
j flowing from a wound In his side. Colonel
Schneider said: : . ■;
"I recently returned from Switzerland
i to fight a duel with Captain Cuignet on
account of hi-" evidence before- the Rennes
j court-martial."
j Captain Cuignet, ln the course of his
! evidence at Rennes in the second trial of
; Dreyfus, referred to a dispatch of Colonel
: Schneider, denouncing as a forgery a let
| ter purporting to have been written by
! him in which he was represented as al
i luding to efforts made by the German and
I Italian military attaches to conceal their
j relations with Dreyfus. This allegation
' of forgery Captain Cuignet ridiculed, de
i claring tnat if Colonel Schneider per
sisted in his attitude the French general
staff was in a position to prove beyond
i dispute the authenticity of the letter
which Schneider had repudiated. He then
added:
"The author of the letter Is, I know, of
very inferior position as compared with
his friends (Schwartzkoppen and Panlz
zardl). Perhaps he cannot do otherwise
than deny this. But he must know that
his letter is not the only one of his com
munications now ln our hands."
BIGAMIST ROBERTS
VISITING BROOKLYN
Congressman-Elect Declares He Vio
lates No Law in Maintaining
Three Households.
NEW YORK. Oct. 13.—Congressman
elect Brigham Henry Roberts from Salt
j Lake City, who is in Brooklyn, came East
over a week ago on a private visit. He
1 will remain about a week longer and then
| go to Philadelphia and probably to Wash
ington. Speaking to a reporter he said
: there was no indictment against him when
i he left Utah that he, knew of, nor did he
! know there was now an indictment. He
had broken no law, he said. That he had
a plurality of wives was true, but he had
married them before the manifesto of lS'.'O.
There had been no plural marriages since
i then, nor would there be any. Any in
| fringement of the statute would be discip
lined by the church as quickly as by the
laws of" the land.
Mr. Roberts said his visit to Brooklyn
I was merely a friendly one to the people of
his own religious faith. They were here
' to preach the gospel, and did not desire to
! be brought into any controversy which
might affect him.
Speaking of Ids election to Congress he
said it had been accomplished independ
ently of the church, as he had received
: the "greater number of votes from Gen
; tiles, and it had been an election by the
people. He had no fear about facing
Congress nor any misgiving in regard to
j the outcome of the situation.
DOMINICANS RELEASED
FROM CUBAN PRISON
Denounce Their - Imprisonment as
Worse Than Any Spanish
Outrage.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Oct. 13.— A party
of thirty-two Dominicans, who had been
confined at Baracoa for two months, were
released yesterday and arrived here to
day. They were members of the Jlmenes
expedition, which was captured because
its object was not concealed, as the mem
bers had been assured that the Americans
were favorable to their movement.
The two months spent in Jail have had
a terrible effect upon the party. One of
the members is dead and several have be
come Invalids.
The Dominicans are very bitter against
the Americans and declare that their Im
prisonment was worse than any Spanish
outrage. General Wood frequently recom
mended that they be released.. but the au
thorities at Havana prohibited such ac
tion.
Mysterious Death.
MODESTO, Oct. 13.— Jeff Pennington,
aeert 3$ years, a native of Pennsylvania,
died in the County Hospital to-day. He
was found Wednesday morning last wan
dering around near tlie railroad bridge
with a severe scalp wound and several
wounds on his body. Though not fully
rational, he claimed to he from San Fran
cisco, where an uncle resides, and to have
bet a member of the Utah battery in
the Philippine campaign. Coroner Mc-
Mullln will hold at) Inquest to-morrow
afternoon. Death resulted from internal
injuries.
DYSPEPSIA. PAINF'^N
ACUTE INFLAMMATION OF THE NERVES I /"All "1 La mmmD
CENTERED ABOUT THE STOMACH. THE 1
STOMACH IS A GREAT NERVE CENTER, AND £ /*\ I f^Y t \f
WITHOUT HEALTHY, VIGOROUS NERVES >-ivlvl J
CANNOT DIGEST FOOD. THE TISSUES AND / mam X / I
ORGANS OF THE BODY ARE SOON WEAK- £ f\ Y\\ T\ f\ 1 IHS _/i
ENED BY IMPOVERISHED BLOOD. OVER- V^l/1 1 Ikj\J Li I 1 IbJ
WORK, WORRY AND CARE EXHAUST NERVE / mmm X
ENERGY. Lures
To avoid ill health and the more
serious diseases, it is necessary P\^T\^T !f\
that the blood be kept pure and J l\ l
full of nutriment. The nerves give life to the human system. Nerve
tissues are the first to weaken from overstrain and abuse of body or
mind. Paine's Celery Compound makes nerve fibre, nerve force,
pure, rich blood and gives health to the body.
J. B. Tussey, Clinton, Mo., writes: "After using. six bottles of Paine's Celery Compound I must
say I feel better than I have for five years. When I commenced taking the Compound I could hardly
eat anything ; now I can eat anything I want. I would not take five thousand dollars for the good
Paine's Celery Compound has done for me."
jd visit OR- JORDAN'S great!
{HUSEUB OF aHATOMYf
A Qk 1081 iiASSZT ST. bit 6:il7th. S.P.CJ. A
X IiST The Lars;_«t Anatomical Museum in the \
Y. ?W disease p#**lti«rl* rurrt. by th? oldest T
9 Ifl&S S5 Specialist en the Coa.t Est. 36 year. fj
Sim?£t\ DR. ' AN - f ' R! ' / ATE DISEASES 3
VwVjSßm Co.Kultation free ami striit'.v private \
I iSi&p Trt itment personally or by letter. A a
Ft It T. Pot.tivt Cure in every case undertaken. \
ml link Write for Book. i > Kii.osi>i>uv.(i
«jj jl'l MAHHIAUK, Hailed PKES. |;lf
i (3 ti' valuable book for men. \
f DX JonUANA(O KttlMnrk:etBt..B. F. f
MAKE PERFECT MlzH
SifJO WOT DESPAIR ! DonotSat-
fcr Longsrl Tlir joys and nmbttions ot
life can be reKiortd to you. Tlie very
worst msef. of Scrroai Tlfblllty are
il,sohif(>]v cured by rF.KI'IU'TO
TABLETS. Olve prompt relief to In-
i miiiia. falling memory and the waste
and drain of vltnl powers. Incurred by
Indiscretions or excesses of earW years.
Impart vißor and potency to everr func-
tion. Brace up Hie system. Olvo yfl^x bloom to tho
cheeks and lustre to the eyes of f-*T f^yoanx or old.
One 60.- box renews vital energy. fjwljiu boxes at
■3. to a complete guaranteed i-u' c teJuE/ or money re-
indr 1. Can be carried In vest - I "**- pocket. Sold
everywhere. or mailed In plain wrapper on receipt of
Vrlce by THE PhBFKtTO CO., CastM BM?.. Chicago, 111.
Sold by Owl Drug Co., 6. F. and Oakland.
&Co.,<^
X £PAT*ENjTSv J
V_3^33?J MARKET sT.S.F.^3^i^
BAILROAD TRAVEL.
mmwmmmmm ■ n .mmmmmmmmmmmmma w i ■ !■■ ira— i
3
Santa Feßpute |
mmmmmmmmm^m^mmmmmmmXmmmmmmmmmmj i iiiiiiitnj
rw
Ijj^ m_? _-«'J<R /
If* > , If^t-
Ms, ><? S g v /^^ wr
: &C-*'|LOSA(IGCLC» *PHOCN«
fmtjr-K SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO.
% ' sasaa ===
'— TTTK MORI* COMFORTABLE WaY
ACROSS THH CONTINKXT:
KVKRV DAY IN TBK Vl-AR PULL-
MAM PALACE AND IT!. I.MAN DP-
HOLSTEKKD TOURIST CARS LEAVE
OAKLAND MOLE FOR CHICAGO AND
THE I. IST. TAKE MARKET STREET
[FERRY AT 6.10 P M.
DINING ROOMS AND DINING
CARS ARE MANAGED BY MR FRED !
HARVEY, AND ARE PERFECT IN*
C EVERY DETAIL; ■ I
Read Down. VALLEY ROAD. Read Up.
•7:20 am 110:30 ami Stockton , 13:40 pm fi:oopm
9:10 am S 2:05 pml Merced +12:10 pm 4:13 pra
10:40 am 5:35 pml Freeno | «:00 ara 2:41 put
11:3* am I 7:45 pm Hanford |r7:Wam I:4 J pm
2:25 pm 512:30 am Bakei afield! 51:00 am 11:00 am
11:53 am t6:25 pm Visalla I {'20 am 1:22 pm
12:15 pnn tfi:.'.:! pml Tulare I .4:2". '1:05 pm
•Dully. tExcept Sunday. .Except Monday.
Pan Francisco Ticket Offlce. 62S Market St.;
Tel. Main 1531.
Oakland Office. HIS Broadway.
Sacramento Office. 201 J at.
San Jose Ofnce. 7 West Santa Clara at.
' MUUNi" TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausalito Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAT. October 1. 1599.
WEEK DAYS— 9:BO a. m. and 1:45 p. to.
SUNDAYS— B.OO. 10:00 a. m. and 1:15 p. m.
Fare 3 F. to Summit and Return. $1 40.
1 THOS. COOK & SON, Agts., 821 Market it. !
| RAILROAD TRAVEL. -
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN £Y. CO. I
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
j WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 8:00, 11:00 a. in.; 12:35, :
! 3 JO, 6:10, 6:80 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip !
I at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:64
! and 11:30 p. m.
j SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:80. 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30, S:3». I
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAi^AEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
J WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:45,
3:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at '
I • 1:66 and 6:35 p. m.
i SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 a, m.: 1:40, 3:40. 6:05, !
I 6:25 p. m.
I Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park '
' same schedule as above.
Leave i Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco. :
April 16, ;
Week , Sun- j 1b39. ' Sun- Week
Days. | days, i Destination. days. Days. !
7:30 am' S.-00am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 pin, 9:30 ami Petaluma, 6:05 pni. 10:25 am |
6:10 p:n 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm I
Fulton,
; 7:30 am Windsor, 10:23 am i
Kealdnburgr,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
1:30 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale, 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
' 7:30 am Hopland and 10:25 am ;
! 3:30 pm 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:2» pm
7:30 ami 10:25 am |
] 8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
WO pml './;- 6:20 pm
' 7:80 am 8:00 am! Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am !
j and f j
| 6:10 pm 5:00 pm| Glen Ellen. j 6:05 pm 6:20 pra ;
T:80 am 8:00 ami Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:23 am j
3:30 pro! 6:00 pin i 7:85 pin 6:20 pm j
1 Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West |
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton j
! tor Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skag-gs I
Sprlne/s; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs. I
Kelspyville. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake- !
port and Bartlett Springs; at TTklah for Vichy
Bprlngs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lake*. Laurel '.
; Dell Lake, Witter Springs. Upper Lake, Porno, j
j Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's,
Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle,
: Boonevllle, Phllo. Christine, Soda Springs,
1 Navarro, Whitesboro, Albion, Little River,
i Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Brogff,
: Westport, Usal. Wlllltts. Laytonvllle, Cum-
■ ming's. Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
j Scotia and Eureka,
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
j On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
j beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, «50 Market St.. Chronicle bld_f.
; H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
• General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing October 1, 1689.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY I
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-» 7:00, '9:30, 11:00 a. m.; »i:45 !
•3:40. 5:15, 00. 6:30 p. m.
i EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San Ra- '
fael, on Mondays, Wednesdays and. Saturdays '
I at »;00 and 11:30 p. m.
I SUNDAYS- •»:». *10:00, »11:30 a. m.; .in
: 3:15, '4:45, 6:30, 9:00 p. m.
! Trains marked t*) run to San Quentln.
i FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DATS— 6:S, *6:3", 7:45. "3:40 a. m •
, 12:80, 2:15. *3:40, "5:15 p. m.
j EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:2O. »8:00. '10:00, »11:45 a. m• '
j •1:40, -3:15. 4:45, 'g-.SO p. m. *
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentin
FROM nJIILL VALLEY TO SAN "RANCISCO !
WEEK DAYS- 5:45, 0:45. 7:55. 9:45 a. m'•
12:35. -:35. i:45. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and ''
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS- 8:06, 10:03 a. tn.; 13:05, 2:16, 1:30, (
6:00, 6:45 p. m
THROUGH TRAINS.
: 7:00 a. m. week Cazadero and way stations. f
: 8:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and vay stations.
■ t;to a. m. Sundays— Tomales and way stations. i
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SOUTH RUN I**4 I I'M (tiJIfAST.
JPAciric mvsti:m. I
Trains lenvv nml sure ritie lv nrrlec nt
WAN FItAM CISCO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
lgatx — From OcroßKa 2, 1899. — arrivb
•7:OOa P.i nlcla. Suisun and Sacramento. . . . •3:15 i»
•7:»«>A Marj-svillo, OroTillcaud Redding via
Woodland - »5:-l!.p
•7:OOa Ell-lira, Vacavillo and Itumsey *S:sof
•7:: to,'. Martinez, .- m Itamon, Vallejo, Napa,
Call toga and Santa Rosa •«i.-i.">p
••»:«►«»* Atlantic Kipress. Ogdeu and List.. »!>:-I3a
•HiltOA San .lose, Lirermore, .Stockton,
lone, Sacramento, Piacrviile,
Marysvillo. Chico, Red Bluff aftlSy
•S::»0\ "Milton, Oakdale and sonora »I:I3p
•»:«Oa Haywards, Kll sand Way Stations. •11:13*
•1»:OOa Martini-/., Tncy, lathrop, Stockton,
Merced s ml Fresno »IS:I3p
•i»:o»* Weeno, Uttkeralleld, Santa linrlmra.
Los Angles, lie :.;:ig, EI r«3O,
New Orleans and East os43p
•IOrOOA Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations *?:-J3p
"I I :(»(»* Uaywarda Miles and Way .Stations. •2:l."»p
•|-J:o«m Niks, I ivennore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Visalia.
I'.r ri I. «-l:isp
tl:<M»r Sacramento Hirer Stentuiirn f««:IM»p
•:i:«»Op Haywards, NileS and Way Stations. •i»:43p
•l-HOr Mnrtlnez, Han Kniiioii, Vallejo,
Napa, CallsluKs, (.nnta ltosa •!t:ir>A
•41: Oop Benlcta, Vacarlile, Kucraineuto,
Wo idtand, KidKhts I, ending,
M , 1 1 1 !-, On. rill- •■o:43a
•4«:t'»r Nllen, Han. and Stockton •7:lsi>
*OKWrTlte On! Limited. Tracy, Fresno.
lUkersQeld, Hatigus for Santa liar-
linrn, 1.; a Angeles •0:434
«3iS»r Btooktou, Merced. I'rosuo •12:l.'ip
•.-»::toi' Mmidii-/., True*, Men lota, Fresno,
Slnjavu and i..i.i Angeles •5:434
•3tS«r Mini!:: In Itoiite, Atlaulio Kxpress • ' '
for Mnlnre and Kast "0:4.-i_>
•OtOUp Cbioago-San Francisco Special. Og-
den and Kant »8:30p
•0:OOp Haywards, Niles and Hsu Joso m ~.l*k
10:00 r Vallejo *l 2:1 ftp
}7:OOp Vall j,i, Port CohU and Way Sta-
lions J9:33_»
•8:03i- Oregon Kxpress, .Sucriiiiientii, Marys-
vlllo, Uediliug, I'm I land, l'ugtt
50. .1 nnd I .lot. »*;ISa
COAST DIVISION (Narrow (lance).
(Foot of Market Street.) ■
*S*lSa Newark, terrlUe, Ban Jose,
lloulder (/reek.SautaCniz and Way
Stations •3:3«»
f*i:l3i> Newark, CentcrTille. San JOM, New
AlniH.lr:.', Feltou, lloulder Creek,
Santa Cruz anil Principal Way
Stations 4.0:.->O.
•4.-13P Newark, San Jose. Los Gatos. *!»:20a
611:43p Hunters' Rxenrsiaß. San Jose and
Wny.S.i-tioig 17:»Op
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rromSIR raiSOISCO— of Mirket Street (Slip 8)— _ ..
"7:16 9:CO ILOO.v.m. 11:00 •2:03 13:83
•4:00 13:00 •6:oor.\i.
fromol_l,lßD— roal of Broatlwxt.— -f.:00 8:00 10:00*. 11.
112:00 «IC. 12:00 «3:03 }t:CO «3:03r.M.
COAST division (Broad tiauge).
(Third i.nil Townseml ,St,.)
tO:l«A Ocean View, .H.>n;ii Han Francisco.. t«=^ar
•7:00 a San Jose nod Way Btatiotis (New
Alina.lt ii Wednesdays only) *l:30p
••:OOa San .1..H... Tin Tliio*. Santa Cruz,
. l'ocllio UroTB, l'aso Itnbl'a, .-an
Luis Olitspo, Surf, Lod poc and
Principal Way Statli.i.s *4:IOr
•l«: 10« Ran Ji wo and Way Stat *oiS3a
•I1::.Oa San Jose and Way Stations »5:30p
t"»i43r3an Mateo, Bettwoott, Monlo Park,
Falo Alto, Santa Clara, San .lime, -
T: . a linos. Santa Unix, Salinas,
Monterey nnd Pseiflo Grove |10:36 a
t3:.t»p (tan Jose and Way Stations «T:3«p
Tl:l'"»r Ban.lrlfeeaiifl Principal Way Stations *U:l.Tn
fS.OOp San Jose and Prlnoipal Way Stations t»:0*»A
*3>3op San Joso and Principal Way Stations "»:33a
•0:;t'«p San Jose and WayStatlous f*:«o A
011-.43P San Jose njnl. Way Stations *7;."0p
A for Moruliif. 1* for Afternoon.
• Dally. f Sunday excepted. } Sunday only.
b Saturday only.
The l*A« 'TILt-tsil'KlK'WtlP.tN If
will call far and check lir.gaage from hotels ami resl-
dence,. Enquire of Ticket Agents 'or Time Cards and
Other Information. (
/^lkm Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
..lafftlli.''-'* MKAHXV ST. Established
ft^Tlli ln " 54 for the treatment of Filiate
O Ixy.jftSg I)!ne;us'-s, 1a ist Manhood. Debility or
y 3£ Snß dlseasewearingoii bodyandmlndand
ijavkmrnamW S!.ln IMseaaes-'l'tiPdoctorcurpswheii
jH^W others fail. Try him. Chargts low
v*^iteiS£M 4'm - «'«e:iaraait«'«>-l. Callorwrite.
Or. J. t. bIBaVS. Box 1937. 5 an Francisco.
910
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver firmer.
Sterling Exchange higher and New York Exchane lower.
Wheat quiet and easy. Barley futures weakened by the rain.
Oats in good demand and firm.
Rye cleaning up and higher. Corn dull.
Hay trading checked by the rain.
Feedstuff firm and unchanged.
Beans continue to rise under speculative purchases.
Rice shows some changes.
No present intention to advance house coals.
Sweet Potatoes and Onions rather firmer.
Vegetables continue to advance.
Butter and Eggs firm and Cheese steady.
Poultry in lighter supply.
Game scarce and selling at fancy prices.
Rain did some damage to Grapes and Berries.
Vine and Table Grapes firm at full figures.
Berries higher and Pears and Lemons lower.
Medium Prunes less weak and selling better.
No change in Provisions.
Meat marl as before quoted.
cased exports of Quicksilver from this port.
Charters.
The Amelia loads Lumber at Port Blakeley
for Honolulu: Fred E. Sander, Lumber at Ta
coma for Kahului.
The Wood burn loads Wheat at Tacoma for
Europe, 35s 2d.
Receipts of Brandy and Wine.
- — *
Receipts of Wine and Brandy at this pert
thus far this year are as follows, compared
with the same time last year: Of Wine, 11.
--"■55.000 gallons, against H,353,300; of Brandy, |
147,000 gallons, against 177,000.
Quicksilver Receipts and Exports.
— -—
Receipts of Quicksilver at this port during
the first nine months oi the year were 17,204
flasks, against 17.591 during the same time ;
ln I V 9S. The exports were 5732 flasks, valued
at '341,130, against 4792 flasks at $195,260.
Money in San Francisco.
Julius Jacobs, Assistant Treasurer of the
United States at San Francisco, reports cash •
m hand September 30, as follows:
United Slates notea $431.947 00
Treasury notes of IS9O 97.555 00
National bank note;. 4.165 00
Gold certificates 1,18- 930 00
Sliver certificates 254.722*1
Gold coin 14,801.135 27
Standard silver dollars 30,313.330 0)
Subsidiary silver coin 59.767 65 I
Minor coin 7,126 74
Tota , .H7.75i.678 66
Shipments of Silver coin from the same offlce
in the month of September, 1599, were as fol-
Standard silver dollars $255,500
Subsidiary silver 146,415 i
.
Total $401,915 !
Our Account With Pacific Roads. j
The following figures show the amounts due i
the United States from Pacific railroads on |
account of bends issued in aid of their con-
Ftructicn: Central branch Union Pacific. $3,
--750.093: Sioux City and Pacific, $1.212.4.07: total,
$7,9>i9,500. Tlie Government has been reim
bursed for $27,236,512 principal, and $31,211,711
interest, being the total Indebtedness of the
Union Pacific Railroad Company to November
1, 1597, and for the principal of the Kansas
Pacific indebtedness, amounting to $6,303,000.
The unpaid balance of the total indebtedness
of the Central Pacific ar.d Western Pacific
Railroad companies to the United States, under
settlement agreement of February 1, is.9,
amounts to $47,050,172 and accrued Interest, less
transportation earnings.
Our Cash and Debts.
The following is a statement of the public
debt and of the cash in the treasury of the
United States at th? close of business Sep
tember 3», received from Secretary Gage: In
terest-bearing debt, $1,046,048,850; debt em which
Interest has ceased since maturity, $1,215,030;
debt bearing no Interest, $35J, 337,512; certificates
an<l treasury notes, offset by an equal i mount '
of cash in the treasury. $047,965,903: aggregate
of debt. $2,084,567,295. Compared with the state
ment issued August 31 the figures show an
increase of certificates and treasury notes
amounting- to $46.522.7<'0, and an Increase in !
the aggregate debt of $46,522,700. The cash in
the treasury at the date mentioned was:
Gold. $3.-.3.002.379; silver. $499.62*. 149; paper. $78.- .
€78.145: bonds, minor coin, fractional currency.
etc.. $«3. 932.112: aggregate. 51,<!1 5.241,086. The
cash balance 'ft the treasury. August 31. was
$279,352,872, and on September 30. $257,t"95.612,
showing an increase during the month of
18,342.740.
Weather Report.
(]" • Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 13. 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 52 fan Diego 64
Fresno 5S bacramento 50
Los Angeles 62 Independence 52
Red Bluff 50 Yuma 76
San Luis Obispo 60
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature, i
62; minimum, 46: mean, 48.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen over the northern half
of the Pacific Slope and has fallen slowly over
Utah, Nevada and Arizona. Rain is reported
from nearly every station in California. At
San Francisco tho rainfall amounted to 1.44 :
inches in the past twenty-four hours, at L*
Angeles 1.08, and equally heavy rainfalls have I
occurred over the roast and valley sections. At !
Fresno a thunder-storm ls reported, with a
rainfall of .84 of an inch. The temperature 1
lias fallen from four to six degrees over the !
greater peirtion of California. It has risen
about eight degrees in Utah and Western Arl
zona: Light frost may be expected ln the north
ern portion of California Sunday morning. A
maximum wind velocity of thirty miles per
hour from the northwest Is reported at Eureka.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. October 14. l"-99:
For Northern California— Clearing Saturday
continued cool weather; brisk north winds. '
For Southern California— Showers earl] Sat
urday morning; fair Saturday; southerly
changing te. north, winds.
For Nevada— Fair In northern portion Satur
day; rain or snow in southern portion.
For Utah— Rain or snow Saturday.
For Arizona— Showers Saturday.
For '-'■' Francisco and vicinity-Fair Satur- i
day; fresh northwest winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKET
l\ew row stock Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 13.— The temper of specu
lation was determinedly bearish to-day and
favorable incidents were persistently ignored.
The reactionary spirit found Its chief vent by
selling Brooklyn Transit. That stock was the
leader of the market in point of activity, and
although the dealings lid not approach the
high-water mark of a few weeks ago the un
bupportt-d condition of the stock and the large
blocks offered «ug|-estcd a resumption of late
conditions. Metropolitan Street Railway r.cemed
to show acute sympathy. Manhattan was lit
tle affected and the New York Gas stocks were
firm. There were some wide movements in
stocks not usually prominent. New York Air
Brake fell nine points and the Flower group
as a whole, except Rock Island, was weak in
sympathy with Brookly Transit. Offerings of
Sugar and Tobacco were greater than could
bo absorbed and both stocks declined sharply.
The American Malting stocks also were de
pressed, the common losing 2*4 and preferred
7 per cent. The industrials were more affected
than the railways. Laclede • Gas rose con
spicuously 4 points and Great Northern pre
ferred over a point.
The market .seemed rather firm for a time
during the morning and the persistent weak
ness of Brooklyn Transit broke through the
resistance. Call loans were easier again, the
maximum rate not exceeding 64 per cent,
the majority of tha day's loans being made at
1
5 per cent or below. Preliminary estimates of
the week's movements of money give prospect
of a slightly improved condition in to-morrow's
bank statement. The disbursements of cash
by the sub-treasury on account of Government
payments have almost offset its receipts on ac
count of revenues. Put the banks have de
posited at the sub-treasury for telegraphic
transfer to the interior $1,052,000. The heavy
outward movement early in the week has been
partly offset by. large receipts later in the
week. This would Indicate a loss In the in
terior movement of about $2,500,000. Against
this there have been receipts of $2,800,000 of
foreign gold and about $750,000 by cashing of
drafts on the San Francisco mint by the sub
treasury, making a total of about $3,550,000.
This would indicate a net gain to the cash
reserves of the bank of over $1,000,000. The
banks further reduced their loans so there ls
a fair prospect of an increase ln the surplus.
The first payment of anticipated interest on
Government bends will be made on Monday.
But the prospects do not indicate that applica
tion will be male on a large scale, although
this payment Is without rebate. The bond
market was moderately active, but price
changes were mixed. Total sales, par value,
$1,761
United States 3s declined 4 and new 4s ad
vanced 4 in the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks- Bid.
50«. Atchison 20
13,660 Atchison prefd 614
1.650 Baltimore & Ohio 494
Canadian Pacific 904
325 Canada Southern 514
Central Pacific 674
1,675 Chesapeake & Ohio 25
1,650 Chicago Great Western 134
7,817 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 1254
500 Chicago Ind & Louisville 11%
Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 43
700 Chicago it Eastern Illinois 95
100 Chicago & Northwestern 164 1
.1,620 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 111*4
2,700 C C •' & St Louis 57?
350 Colorado Southern 44
525 Colorado Southern Ist prefd 43
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 154
1,000 Delaware & Hudson 121
2,210 Delaware Lack & Western 1874
600 Denver & Rio Grande 204
Denver & Rio Grande prefd 734
] 100 Erie 124
Erie Ist prefd 354
2,640 Great Northern prefd 1674
100 king Coal 174
300 Hocking Valley 304
245 Illinois Central 112 *
lowa Central 13
100 lowa Central prefd 56
Kansas City Pittsburg & Gulf 8
Lake Erie & Western 18
150 Lake Erie & Western prefd 794
Lake Shore 200
24.870 Louisville & Nashville 80*4
6.010 Manhattan L .' 1064
2.000 Metropolitan Street Railway 1914
2,700 Mexican Central 134
100 Minneapolis & St Louis 69'
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 934
2,750 Missouri Pacific 424
Mobile & Ohio 434
Missouri Kansas & Texas 124
300 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 374
400 New Jersey Central 1174
1,600 New York Central 133
1,000 Norfolk & Western .>.;-,
200 Norfolk & Western prefd 68%
2.900 Northern Pacific Ei%
930 Northern Pacific prefd 74:,
2,350 Ontario-& Western 24
Oregon Railway & Nay 42 [
Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 75
1,700 Pennsylvania 130*4
500 Reading 204
3,900 Reading Ist prefd -,1%
1,400 Reading 2d pre' I 3ji._ 1
Rio Grande Western 37^
Rio Grande Western prefd si 1
St Louis & San Fran 10*4 j
St Louis & San Fran Ist prefd 69 !
St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 354
100 St Louis Southwestern 124 !
4,242 St Louis Southwestern prefd 3iu i
13,670 St Paul • i23tx
100 St Paul prefd 170 !
St Paul & Omaha ."ns
13,700 Southern Pacific 364 j
200 Southern Railway 114
4,205 Southern Railway prefd £14
SOO Texas & Pacific ms
3,400 Union Pacific 43
5.730 Union Pacific prefd 75-4
100 Wabash '" '-.:
710 Wabash prefd *"" 21
1.2-1O Wheeling & Lake Erie .'...".". 11*4 I
1,400 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 30
200 Wisconsin central 16
P C C & St Louis 724
Adims 68 ! 5 . companies— 1U
Adams jjj
American *'. '....147
United States '."" 52
100 Wells Fargo .....133
Miscellaneous—
1.600 American Cotton Oil 44
200 American Cotton Oil prefd ..." 96
61/1 .'■:•' in Malting iii.j
875 American Malting prefd ." " 5314
400 American Smelting & Ref 3014
100 American Smelting & Ref prefd 87'
American Spirits 41.
American Spirits prefd '" 20
500 American Steel Hoop 424
375 American Steel Hoop prefd .'.'."!' .3-*,
9,22* American Steel & Wire ' 61%
610 American Steel & Wire prefd.... 944
750 American Tin Plate 371;
American Tin Plate prefd ." 854
14.150 American Tobacco 1194
American Tobacco prefd .""!145*4
1,610 Anaconda Mining Co 4g
72.650 Brooklyn Rapid Transit " 824
3,500 Colorado Fuel & Iron 53
3.440 Continental Tobacco 4]i.„
2.661 Centlnental Tobacco prefd ..." «i»A
9.050 Federal Steel - g- 2
LO6O Federal Steel nrefd '" 77
100 General Electric "1174
260 Glucose Sugar 60>/4
100 Glucose Sugar prefd 10s
1,000 International Paper 25
1.f'30 International Paper prefd 704
2,860 Laclede Gas ". '41.
600 National Biscuit 411*
100 National Biscuit prefd M
1.220 National Lead 2314
National Lead prefd 1104
1,015 National Steel 604
. 3.0 National Steel prefd 95'
610 Nov.- York Air Brake 141
2.000 North American 124
Pacific Coast 4714 ;
Pacific Coast Ist prefd M
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 65U
5.280 Pacific Mall 874
4,600 People's Gas 108*4
300 Pressed Steel Car 674
100 Pressed Steel Car prefd 89'
3,056 Pullman Palace Car 12714
250 Standard Rope & Twine 84
16.570 Sugar 1414
Sugar prefd 115*4
7. " Tennessee Coal £ Iron 1134
10.340 Untied States Leather 1414
2,170 Unltetd States Leather prefd 764
United States Rubber 464
United States Rubber prefd 1124
12,161 - Western Union 874
660 Republic Iron & Steel 27
635 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 714
359.9C0 Total sales.
CLOSING BONDS.
US 2s reg 100*4 M X & T 2ds 88*4
•do 3s 1074] ' do 4s .....92
do 3b coup 10ST4 NY Cen lsts. .."!.' 1114
do new 4s reg. .l2*4 N J Cen gen 55... .119'
do coup 129*4" INo Carolina 65..:. 127
do old 4s reg — 111 do 4s - 104
do coup 112 No Pac lsts 113
• do 6s reg 1114 do 3s "514
do coup ......11141 do 4s 1014
Dlßt Colum 3.655. .117 N V C & St L 45..104 '
Ala class A 110 INorf & W con 45.. 914
do B 110 ; do gen fis ...135
do C 103 ,Or NaY lsts . ......115
■ do currency ....100 do 4s 1034
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1899.
Atchiron gen 45... 974 .Or Shirt Line 65. .126*4
do adjt 4s 85% do corf Rs 113*4
Can So Ids prefd. .loß Reading "fen 45.... 85
Ches & Ohio 443.. 95 It G 'A* 'lsts 96
do 5a prefd US |Bt L A 1 M con ss. 107*4
C& NW con 7s pf.115 St Lii fc Fg6s pf. 124*4
do S F deb i 5.... 1054 Bt Ppill -ins ICS
Chi Term 4s 9S St 1' ' A P Ist pf.1244
D & R G lsts 103 I do i ■ 110*4
do 4s 99 (So Railway 55. ...108
E T ; V & G Ist pf. 103*4 X Rose « T 1i5.... SO
Erie sen 4s 7' 1 Term ■:;.!»- set 35.. 91
Ft W & Den C Ist. 77"4|Tex & Pac 15t5. ..114
Gen Elec Es. 116 do Eda 56
G H & S A 6s 108 I Union Pac 4s 1034
do 2ds prefd 110 Wabash' lsts 11614
B & T C 5s prefd. loß do 2d* 100
do con Cs 108 /West Shore 4s ....112
lowa Cen lsts ....114 Wis Cert lsts 75
KCP.&G lsts... 70 Va cent: 85
La new con 45. ...106 do leJerred .... 5
L & Nash uni 45... 994/ C & So .'4s 86*4
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 37 1 Ontario 'J.". 8 00
Crown Point 15|Ophir- .; S3
Con Cal & Va 15 Plymouth OS
Oeadwood 70 QulckMlver 175
Gould & Curry .. 32 do i;rr:d 700
Hale & Norcross.. 31 ; Sierra? Nevada 60
mestake 65 00 j Standard 3 10
Iron Silver 63 Union* Con 35
Mexican 32 Yellov Jacket .... 25
BOSTON STOCKS AN") BONDS.
Money— i Union Pac 424
Call loans 6 Union Land 54
Time loans 6@6 West "Snd 94
Stocks— ! do prefd 115
Atchison 19% tVeatlrjgjh Elec .... 474
do prefd 614! Bone's—
Am -.-.gar Atrhlsin 4s 974
do prefd 1164 i Mining shares —
Bell Telephone 370 j Adventure 064
Boston & Albany. .24o Allouez Mln C 0.... 06
Boston Elevated... ! Atlantic 274
3oston & Maine... l 99 i Boston . & M0nt... 350
C B & Q 28*4 Butte a. Boston... 75
Ed Elec 111 208 'Calunv-t * Hec1a..760
Fltchburg prefd. ..ll9 j Frank: ln 174
Gen Electric IIS Humbbldt 014
do prefd 139 Osceoljx 834
Fed Steel 53*4 Parrot- 44
do prefd 77 QuiEC*. 152
Mich Cent 13*4 Santa .Fe Copper.. 12
Mich Telephone... 105*4 Tamarack 210
Old Colony 205 iWlnora 84
Old nonunion .... 30*4 (Wolverines 40*4
Rubber 47 |Utah ■ 35
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. -Money on call slightly
easier at 45/54 per cent la;st loan, 44 per
cent. Prime mercantile paper*. 's.j_@'6 per cent.
Sterling exchange easier, with actual business
in bankers' bills at $4 SB's'i't'SC** for demand
and at *4 82%<gS 82*4 for sixty days. Posted
rates, $4 824®4 874. Commercial bills. $4 81*4.
Silver certificates, 6s*3*s9c. Sir silver, sS*4c.
Mexican dollars, 47c. Government bonds ir
regular; State ads inactive*; railroad bonds
irregular. :
Cash in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13.- To-day's statement
of the condition of the trea. j-^y shows: Avail
able c.sh balance, $257,205,117; gold reserve,
$257,746,906.
London Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 13.- The : Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial 'cablegram says:
The markets here are now resinned to war ln
Soutli Africa and loss of gold :in consequence.
They opened irregular, but soon improved
quickly up to the close. African mines were
buoyant. Portuguese threes were again hard.
Spanish fours were 604, Tint is 4.. and Ana
condas a shade under 10. f ;».--'
American securities began dull and remained
listless to the close, which -was slack. The.
Cape took £300.000 gold and; South America
£12,000. Meanwhile the bank bought gold to the
amount of £183,000, as follows: i £90,000 in bars,
£75.000 in German coin and £!S,OOO in French
coin. The loss to the Cape was less than had
been expected, th" market counting on an en
gagement of £600,000. It Is expected that the
Cape will take half a million Sterling a week
during the war.
Money was slack on the release of Govern
ment dividend, calls being gui"! and bills easy,
the latter, however, only temporarily. Silver
was firm on the home coinage order.
CLOSING, I
LONDON, Oct. 13.— Canadian Pacific, 934;
Union Pacific preferred. 77; Northern Pacific
preferred, 76; Atchison, "4; Grand Trunk, 74;
Anaconda, 94; bar sliver, 264 d per ounce;
money, 3 per cent. ; :
Bank Clearings.
* — #
The following table, compiled by Bradstreet,
shows the bank clearings at all principal cities
for the week ended October ■' 1899, with the
percentage of Increase and decrease, as com
pared with the corresponding week last year:
Percentage.
Cities— Inc. Dec.
New York $1,141,396,42? 36.9
Boston 143,065,6531 30.1
Chicago 130,989,330 16.0
Philadelphia 89,370,634 30.3
St. Louis 39,975.887 17.3
Pittsburg 45.441. 137.6
Baltimore 19,337,12'!! .... 4.4
San Francisco 21,284,875! 23.9
Cincinnati 15.796.850 12.9
Kansas City 17,499,075: 9.4 —
New Orleans 9.190.213. 2^.1 ....
Minneapolis 12,731.087 8.8 ....
Detroit 8,645,43: 27.6 ....
Cleveland 11.856,639 48.8
Louisville 8.220,553 11.8
Providence 7,207,300 i 28.8
Milwaukee 5,911,096 8.2
fir. Paul 6.144,518* .... 14.6
Buffalo 6,442.156; 14.0
Omaha 7.209.568. .... 7.9
Indianapolis 5,536.695? . : 5.2 ....
Columbus. 0 5,856.201. . 44.0
Savannah 3,442,528* ; — 12.6
Denver 3,945,025] 10.9
Hartford 2,668.939. .... 3.4
Richmond 3,591,84* 39.1
Memphis 2 948,46 li 33.0 ....
Washington 2.499.596; 3.7 ....
Peoria 2,399.7811: 29.8
Rochester 2.060,997, ■ 4.0
New Haven 1,951,477: 15.3 ....
Worcester 1,614,755' ; .... ....
Atlanta 2.160,342;. 32.8
Salt Lake City 2,245,260! 66.1
Springfield, Mass... 1,509.901! .... 14.7
Fort Worth 1.760.178; 11.8
Portland, Me 1,313,922. .... 17.2
Portland, Or 2.256.681:.:
St. Joseph 3,316,056' 24.9
Los Angeles 1,873,470 23,8 ....
Norfolk 1.862,7301 : 29.5
Syracuse 1,070,260:'.; .... 4.4
Dcs Moines 1.888,049 47.3
Nashville 1,655,560 31.3
Wilmington, Del... 910.322 25.3 ....
Fall River 1,197.176:: 40.3 ....
Scranton 1,203.040;:- 45.8
Grand Rapids 1,150,781 25.5
Augusta, Oa 1,010.939£ : .... 12.3
Lowell 874,9151 .... 13.8
Dayton, 0 1.139.491 J; 39.2
Seattle 2,654,543 1- 96.2
Tacoma 1.162,447 i 21.4
Spokane 1,622,2841 31.0
Sioux City 1,384,150?: 31.0
New Bedford 689.906; 13 1
Knoxvllle, Term... 637,04. j: 9.8 .. .
Topeka 688,630! 37.6 ....
Birmingham 721.147 !■ ....
Wichita 457.662? 19.6
Binghamton 406.700 »j
Lexington, Ky 383.638 1 .... 103
Jacksonville, Fla... 236.164! .... 44
Kalamazoo 868.918 f i 41.5
Akron 391.500 {! 1.5 ....
Chattanooga 393,232 '■- 1.0 ....
Rockford, 11l 867,777! 50.0
Canton, 0 276,600 22.1 ....
Springfield, 0 881,720 j 23.7
Fargo, N. D 698.889 I j 41.3
Sioux Falls, S. D.. 169,137' 57.9
Hastings, Nebr 100.872 14.7
Fremont, Nebr 178,831 ' 60
Davenport 1.180,65. .'j. 42.5
Toledo 2.222.894 > ; 37.8 ..
Galveston 9, 644. 61.0 H 2.3
Houston 9,471,188 1 1 1 ....
Evansvilie 606.044 ' 13.0 ."-"
Helena 709,06". i j .... iii
Macon 653,000 J! . 6.4
Youngstown, 0 314, ;i 12.5
Springfield, 111...;.. 446.862 jc .... «*■
Little Rock 549.909 - 83.0
Saginaw 339,561' .'""
Totals, United V
States $1,829,769,586': 31.1
Totals outside ' i
New York 689.374,164 > 24.2
DOMINION OF CANADA
Montreal $16,449,604 ' 10.8
Toronto 11.5511,351 li 27.9
Winnipeg 3.015.204 ' 51.7
Halifax 1.670.501! 30.4
Hamilton 913,358 1 32.8
St. John, N.B 676,916 ! 19.4 ,*"
Vancouver 1,042.628 i ....
Victoria 743,686 c .... ****
Totals $34,266,934 li 20.7 TTiT
* — r— <_>
I Bradstrcct's Financial Review.
• , L ; ,
NEW YORK. Oct Bradrtreet's will ay
to-morrow ln its review of the New York
stock market:
The announcement of the Treasury's readi
ness to anticipate all Its Interest 1 , payments for
the current fiscal year contrituied, with small
outside demands for funds and a decreased
pressure for loans on the part of Wall street
Itself, to give the call money market an easy
tone. The. other important development was,
of course, the Transvaal Government's ulti
matum and the. bringing of British and
Boers to open war. The improvement in our
own money market failed, however, to stimu
late speculative activity or to support prices
materially. .The, market continued to be dull,
devoid of outside participation and subject to
professional manipulation for the bear ac
count. In fact, as money became easier these
seemed to be less strength and more aggres
siveness on the part of the bears, leading on
Thursday to an increased downward tendency
in prices, followed en Friday by an increase
of such pressure. There has been no particu
lar evidence of liquidation and the excellent
railroad earnings, the disposition and ability
of the companies to advance rates as well as
the continued activity and prosperity ln the
steel, coal and other industries with which
all street keeps in touch and on which some
of its speculative material is based, produce
a good impression, but mainly as to the fu
ture of prices. For the present the money
market outweighs all other considerations and
the speculative community is possibly not as
fully disposed to exaggerate the bad features
of the financial situation, as it seemed some
weeks ago to ignore such dangers. Declin
ing prices in the face of an improvement in
the tendencies of the New York loan mar
ket and an apparent growth of bearish feel
ing here when London displayed a recovery
in prices and a sense of relief that the un
certainty that the Transvaal situation had
culminated, even If the outcome is war, cer
tainly seems anomalous. But the Inability of
our market to respond may be ln a measure
traced to the fact that unless the Transvaal
war is quickly ended grave disturbances in the
speculative and financial markets abroad
might after all ensue. While money ls easier
in London it has not fallen to the point
where gold can be taken for shipment to
New York. In fact, the Bank of England
will certainly oppose such a movement now.
Large interests here seem unwilling to take
a bullish position in the market while money
is liable to jump to 7 (a 15 per cent should the
market develop any activity and when gold
can neither be imported nor can the return
flow of money taken from New York force
crops moving and business purposes be yet
discerned. The public is also impressed with
the same ideas and a large part of it is
so fully and profitably employed with its own
legitimate concerns that the outside participa
tion in the street is seriously curtailed there
by. The market has, therefore, developed a
growing disposition to wait until the progress
of the South African war affords some idea
of its outcome and duration and until the un
locking of money from the Treasury or the re
ceipts of gold from Europe and currency from
the Interior checks the depletion of the New
York bank reserves and ends the calling of
loans which has been in progress for some
weeks past. This halt in the market and the
insensiblity to th. plentiful favorable facts in
the, situation have naturally led to bearlshness
among the traders and to manipulation de
signed to put prices down.
Bfadstreet's on Trade.
(NEW YORK Oct. 13.— Bradstreefs to-mor
row will say: Trade activity is widespread, all
measures of volume and value testifying to
prevailing prosperous conditions. Only good
reports are received from distributive trad
centers and some markets report fall demand
as holding out longer than expected. Rail
; way earnings, bank clearings returns and
! quotations of staple prices are all encouraging,
pointing as they do to a maximum volume of
business for this period of the year. Crop
returns for October bear out earlier impres
sions of shortened yields of most leading agri
cultural products. Expectation of more mod
erate yields of leading cereals is not confined
to this country, The world's wheat crop will
admittedly be smaller and the yields of rye,
barley and oats are not expected to be bo large
as a year ago. The higher range of prices
of ail staples and particularly of agricultural
products, however, will furnish a profitable
balance to producers. The advance in the
price of cotton has been a notable one ami
though some react n is naturally noted the
effects upon general Southern trade and in
j dustry following the advance are particularly
■ beneficial, as this section alone has appeared
to lag somewhat behind the process of pros
i perity.
In the manufacturing branch of trade
! strength is well nigh universal. Advances
i have been numerous and a scarcity of goods
! rather than of demand is the main subject of
i complaint. While a source of depression to
cotton, the Transvaal situation has proved
rather favoiable to wheat and other cereals,
offsetting heavy increases In the visible sup
pile.-.
The liberality of foreign demand is perhaps
; best known in the September report of ex
• ports of leading products. Shipments of bread
: stuffs wen; as large as those of August and
' there was naturally a heavy gain in cotton
exports, which are double those of the same
month a year ago. Totals of leading exports
show an Increase of 23 per cent over Septem
ber a year ago and over September, 1896, but
a decrease of 8.5 per cent from September, 1897,
which witnessed very heavy shipments of
breadstuff?.
The general manufacturing industry is run
' ning full and activity is so widespread
i that It Is hard to prefer one industry to an
other In th:.- respect. Coal production is par
' Ocularly heavy, but a scarcity of cars is com.
! plained of in this and in the coke Industry,
; with the strength of lake freights constitut
ing a disturbing element as regards the sup
| ply of anthracite In the West. Iron and steel
| are active as to production, but new business
; is limited by the small quantities available
1 for near-by delivery. Liberal orders are still
reported for the first half of. next year and
steel rails are reported tending upward at the
; West. "■' --:.-:
| Paper is in specially active demand at pr.s
--; ent.
I Sugar refining furnishes one exception to the
reports of general prosperity and production
I :- decreasing, partly, of course, owing to the
j season, but also to the demoralization growing
out of price cutting. .
Wool Is very firm, though quieter at some
I markets, while the manufactured product is
< selling well on next spring's account.
Tobacco Is reported very generally active at
'. nearly all markets West and East. Shoe
manufacturers are busy and leather and aides
' ore sympathetically Strong in price. Lumber
is in urgent demand at many markets in Bnit.»
of the advanced stage of the season and prlc s
j are firm. \ :■."-•■-.
heat, including flour, shipments for the
j week aggregate 5.266,634 bushels, against 5,183,-
I 398 bushels last week, 4.729,996 bushels in the
corresponding week of 1898, 5.954,720 bushels in
1897, 4,156,817 bushels In 1896 and 2.409,446 In
1896. Since July 1. this season, the exports
of wheat aggregated 60,965.047 bushels, against
57,228,11* bushels last year and 66,920,132 bushels
in 1597-9 S.
Business failures number 164 in the i lilted
States as compared with 146 last week, US In
this week a year ago. 196 in 1897, 279 In 189.
and 289 in 1895. _
Business failures in Canada numbe> 13, as
compared with 21 last week, 22 in this week
a year ago, 44 In 1897, 30 in 1896 and 3. In
1895.
Dun's Review of Trade.
NEW YORK. Oct. 13.-R. G. Dun & Co.
weekly review of trade, which issues to-mor
row, will say:
Industrial conditions could hardly be better.
After months of such extraordinary buying
that its continuance seemed Impossible, even
Larger buying still crowds producing works In
most lines beyond their capacity. The iron fur
naces arc producing 1000 tons weekly more than
ever before. 278.615 tons October 1, and yet the
actual consumption in manufacture reduced un
sold stocks In September by 27.380 tons, while
the demand runs far ahead into next year for
many products. After the great buying last
week Bessemer pig rises to $24 at Pittsburg,
with No 1 Anthracite at Philadelphia and No.
1 local coke at Chicago, both quoted at $23 50,
and buyers paying premiums for early deliv
eries according to their needs. Finished prod
ucts still advance. Eastern bar to $2 15 and tank
plates to $3 10. and the average of percentages
to prices of January 1, ISS7. is now 100.64 for
finished products and 105.7 for pig. In some
lines, however, production has so far gained
that works are beginning to look for orders to
cover next year. : „' : , '
The boot and shoe shops are getting a little
better prices for men's kip boots and for
women's grain and buff shoes, and shipments
for the first half of October are the largest
ever reported, though oi-ders for next season
are retarded by prices. Leather ls a shade
higher, but buying of sole has been checked by
the recent advance, as manufacturers appear to
have rather large supplies, and the Chicago
market for hides, though quoted a little high
er, seems uncertain. The demand for woolen
goods is fairly large and prices are well sus
tained, though not further advanced. In goods
of the better grades there Is some uncertainty.
Sales of wool are smaller, only 7.743.300 pounds
for the week at the three markets, without
further advance.
Silks are firm and linens tending upward with
good demand.
The cotton manufacture meets so great a de
mand that prices advance every week and sup- J
piles for early delivery are In many lines re
stricted. More business Is turned down than
is done in brown sheetings and drills and
coarse colored cottons are rising. Big sales
have moved a great deal of the surplus print
cloths, and prices have been advanced for
some grades. The rise of about lc in cot
ton, with current reports of short yield, has
much Influence, and though the quantity com
ing into sight is larger to date than last year,
it has recently been falling behind enough to
support the idea that growers arc disposed to
hold It back.
Wheat exports are still larger than from the
great crop of last year. Atlantic flour included,
having been 7.351.990 bushels in . two weeks,
against 6.116.659 last year, and Pacific. 730,440
bushels, against 1,735,430 last year. The West
ern receipts have been only 14,518.892 bushels,
against 20.790,495 last. year, but the course of
prices is not calculated to encourage a big
movement, for after starting at 75.37 cents and
falling to 75 cents, the market closed at 75c.
with December options unchanged. The Gov
ernment deferred any estimate of yield, and its
figures are as usual variously interpreted, but
net influential.
Failures for the first week of October were.
$1.68.. in amount, manufacturing $387,914 and
trading $408,599.
Failures for the week have been 164 In the
United States, against 250 last year, and 27 in
Canada, against 25 last year. -'■'.-"
♦ -— <*►
• New York Grain and Produce. I
■j*— ; — i
NEW YORK, Oct. 13.— FLOUR— Receipts,
13,000 barrels; exports, 15,255. Fairly active and
Arm.
WHEAT— Receipts, 305,650 bushels; exports.
340,330. Spot, quiet; No. 2 red, 764 cf. o. b.
afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 7'.'4c f. o. b.
afloat to arrive, new; No. 1 hard Duluth. S24c
to arrive; No. 2 red elevator, 744 c. Options
• opened easy at "ie decline under unsatisfactory
i cables and reported reselling by exporters,
rallied %c on local covering and war news, but
I again turned easier and sold off -%c from the
I top on renewed liquidation following forecasts
I of a large increase in the visible supply by
Monday's statement. The latest attitude of ex-
I porters as to cash wheat was also unsatisfac
tory. At the close the market was steady at
' 4@4c net decline. March. 804@S04c, closed
1 804 c; May, 79 13-16®S04c, closed SOe; December,
764 "if "7 1-1 6 c, closed 764 c.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Quiet.
METALS— The metal market took an unsat
isfactory course to-day, several metals sagging
I under absence of demand worthy of mention
! ar.d disappointing reports from outside markets,
. ; Offerings were urgent, leading buyers procras-
I tinating to a more or less degree. At the close
j the Metal Exchange called:
PlGlßON— Warrants nominal at $18.
LAKE COPPER— at $l<! 25.
, | TlN— Easier, with $32 bid and $32 124 asked.
1 LEAD— DuII, with $4 60 bid and $4 65 asked.
j The brokers' price for lead ls $4 40 and for cop-
I per $1S 374
--1 SPELTER— Easy, with $5 40 bid and $5 50
asked.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, 5 points ad
: vance to 5 points lower. Sales, 11,000 bags. In
cluding: October. $4 6694 60; December, $4 75;
January, $4 80; March, $1 95; May, $5 05; June,
$5 05@5 10; July, $5 10; September. $5 25. Spot
• coffee— Rio. steady but quieter; mild, quiet;
I Cordova, 64'5114c.
SUGAR Raw. steady; refined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts. 2881 packages. Steady:
Western creamery. 17@24c; June creamery', 14®
j 22c; factory, 14016 c.
EGGS— Receipts. 6000 packages. Dull: State
' and Pennsylvania, 20^21c; Western ungraded
; at mark, 15(ffl8c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
| California dried fruits steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common, 74c;
prime wire tray, "4@S4c; choice, 84@9c;
fancy, 9@94c.
PRUNES— 34 ®Sc.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 12ff134c; Moorpark, 14-3)
i 16c. " I
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 7*4@»c.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Oct. 13.— Wheat opened easy fol
lowing indifferent foreign markets and large
Argentine shipments. The demand was light
and me generous short-selling soon started
the market on the down-grade. About the
middle of the session a report of damage by
drought and insects to the new crop in the
Southwest caused slight rallies, but the mar
ket was soon weighed down again by a re
sumption of short selling anel liquidation, In
duced by steadily increasing stocks all over
the world. There was a Blight upturn near
the close on buying by shorts, who put out
several long lines of Wheat on the early bulges
and took advantage of the decline to buy In
and secure profits, and the market closed with
buyers in the majority. December opened a
shade lower at 72 : _'ii724c, declined to 724 c, rose
to 724 c, sold off again to 72c and closed with
buyers at* 72',c.
Corn ruled active and strong early-, influenced
by higher cables and excellent cash demand.
Liquidation and sympathy with Wheat caused
it to turn weak. December closed at 314 c.
its ruled dull and lower in sympathy with
Wheat and Corn. Longs sold freely. Decem
ber closed at 23c.
Liquidation weakened Provisions early, but
the decline was fully recovered before the
close. The foreign demand for cut meats was
greater than packers were Inclined to 1111 at
nominal prices. Pork and Ribs closed un
changed. January Lard closed a shade lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
October 70% 70*4 70 70*4
December 724 724 72 724
May 75% 754 ' V, 754
Corn No. 2—
October 324 324 314 314
December 314 31*4 31', 31*4
M OatsNrV'2- 324 32% 32 * 32 '
nats No. 2—
December 23% 23% 22% 23
May 244 214 244 244
Mess Pork, per bbl—
December 810 3 124 * 024 8 124
January 955 9 574 950 9 574
• Lard, per 100 lbs—
December -324 '324 530 5 324
January 5 45 5 45 5 40 5 45
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs-
December 485 4 87*4 485 4 874
January 4 974 sen 495 500
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady: No. 3 Spring Wheat, 674®65c; No. 2
Red, 7."' 4 c No. 2 Corn, 324 c; No. 2 Oats, 23c;
No. 2 White. 2G4c: No. 3 White, 24% c: No. 2
Rye 564 c: No . Barley, 3S4fT45c: No, 1 Flax
Seed; $1 244igi 25: Prime Timothy Seed, $2 35;
Mess Pork, per bbl, $B@B 05; Lard, per 100 lbs.
$5 30(55 35; Short-rib Sides (loose), $4 8. .T 5 25:
Dry Salted Shoulders (boxed), 6#64c; Short
Clear Sides (boxed), $5 504? 60; Whisky, distil
lers' finished goods, per gal, $1 22; Sugars, Cut
Loaf, 5.70 c: Granulated, 5.18 c.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 21.000 11,000
Wheat, bushels 150,000 15.000
Corn, bushels 625.000 624.000
Oats, bushels 342.000 259,000
Rye, bushels 15 000 1,000
Barley, bushels 149,000 14,000
On the Pre luce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm. Creamery, 154S>2Sc; dairy. 134
.■::',. Eggs, steady; 164 c. Cheese, strong;
creams, 114(f?124c.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. Mar. May.
Opening 6 1% 6 2. 6 2*4
Closing 6 1% 6 2,* 6 2>i
PARIS.
Wheat— Oct. Jan. -Apr.
Opening 18 86 19 75
Closing IS 90 ' 19 75
Flour —
Opening 24 70 25 75
Closing -. 24 75 25 75
Chicago Livestock Market.
*»
CHICAGO, Oct. 13.— CATTLE— The offerings
of cattle to-day were mostly made up of com
mon natives and feeders from Western ranges.
which spjd slowly at easy prices. The demand
for the medium grades of dressed beef has
fallen off. and all grades, except strictly choice
beeves, are fully 10fV15c lower than this time
last week. To-day's prices for good to fancy
grades were $5 800 6 95; common to medium
steers, $4 50® 5 75; cows and bulls, $204 65;
Blockers and feeders, $2 5004 75; Texans, $3 50@
4 15; calves. $107. "•''.
HOGS— There was a good demand for hogs,
and prices ruled steady at the recent decline.
Fair to prime lots sold at $4 27*404 60; heavy
packers. $3 9504 25; mixed lots, $4 2304 60;
butchers', $4 30@4 65; common to choice light
weights. *1 -"'.-: 'J'', pigs, $404 50.
SHEEP— There was a good slaughtering de
mand for sheep at unchanged prices. Poor to
choice sheep sold at $1 5004. prime yearlings
bringing the top price; feeders brought $" 250
3 70, and Western rangers, $2 5003 35; common
to choice lambs. $3 2505 10.
Receipts— Cattle, 3000; hogs, 24,000; sheep,
7000.
Portland Business.
PORTLAND. Oct. 15.— Clearings, $243,518; bal
ances, $69.622.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Oct. 13.— There has been a dull
wheat market In Portland for the past two
days and sales are few. Ship-owners are mak
ing such extravagant demands for tonnage that
it is a difficult matter to do business without
there is an improvement In the foreign market,
sm farmers will not sell at a figure that would
admit of a profit to the exporters with ships
at 41s 3d to 42s lid and the English cargo mar
ket at 30s. Quotations are nominally ES@s9c
for Walla Walla and 59c for Valley.
• - : ■;."; WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Oct. 13.— Wheat was weaker to
day, but showed no change ln prices. Club, 59c;
Bluestem, 61c. • -.-■•- ■-.. -...■-
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Oct. Consols, 103%: silver,
26 3 d; French rentes. 10Of 47% d; wheat cargoes
off coast, nothing doing; cargoes on passage,
more offering: English country markets, firm.
LIVERPOOL. Oct. 13.-. -Wheat, firm; wheat
In Paris, steady; Dour in Paris, quiet: French
country markets, steady; weather In England,
cloudy.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 *d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot— No. 2 • red Western winter,
steady. 6s Id; No. 1 Northern spring, 6s 3'_ d.
Futures, steady.
CORN— Futures, quiet: October, 3s 10% d; No
vember, 3s lOd: December, 3s 9"* d.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 83*4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 374
Sterling Cables — * 884
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 1-4
Mexican Dollars — ■'■*
Fine Silver, per ounce — 58%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— local market showed no change
worthy of note.
Chicago opened quiet and easy, with few buy- J
ers. The sentiment was bearish, but timid. i
The interior movement in the Northwest de- ]
creased, but Minneapolis showed an increase of \
1,000,000 bushels. The undertone was weak in
wheat, oats and corn, and there was much real
izing. _ ,
Liverpool came through 4d lower. Consols
were unchanged.
Spot Shipping, $1 OS4@l 10; milling.
$1 124@1 15.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
6000 ctls. $1 124. May- 8000, $1 174- .
Second Session— December— 2ooo ctls, $1 12*4.
May— 6ooo. $1 174- __ _. „„ ~_;
Regular Morning Session— December—
ctls. $1 124. May— 4ooo, $1 IS. .
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls,
$1 124. May— 2ooo, $1 17*4. , _ ,
BARLEY— The J. C. Glade takes for Cork
36,602 ctls brewing and 11,469 ctls chevalier,
valued at 354,750. --'--
The rain weakened futures somewhat, but the
spot market was unchanged.
Feed. SogS64c; Brewing, 90@974c; Chevalier,
nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— December— ctls, 874 c.
May— 2ooo. 87% c; 6000. 874 c. _ '-_
Regular Morning Session— December— ctls,
874 c.
Afternoon Session— No sales. - -.:.
OATS— The market is fairly active, particu
larly in colored descriptions. Black are bring
ing more money in the country than here.
White, $1 05(31 25; Red, $1 05@1 174; Gray, $1 05®
1 15; Black. 95c«J$l 05.
CORN— Eastern Large Yellow. $1 05@1 10;
White. $1 05(gl 10: mixed. $1 024@* 074 per ctl.
RYE— market is higher again at 95c@$l
per ctl, with a good demand and greatly re
duced stocks.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
I Flour and Millstuffs.
i California family extras. $3 604f3 75,
usual terms: bakers' extras, $3 40433 50; Oregon
and Washington, $3 40<g3 50 per barrel for ex
tra, $3 25@3 40 for bakers, and $2 25@3 for su
perfine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75: Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal. $2 50; ex
tra Cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 50@4 75;
Oat Groats. $4 75; Hominy, $3 25JJ3 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $4424 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50: Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 55@6 95; in sacks, $6 35516 75;
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 lbs. ■
Hay and Feedstuffs.
The heavy rain checked all trading in Hay
yesterday and must have damaged a good deal
of baled Hay along railroads and the banks of
streams awaiting shipment.
There was no change in Feedstuffs.
BRAN— SI7OI7 60 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SIB@2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $184jrlS 50 per
ton; Oil Cake Meal at the mill. $26@27: Jobbing,
$27 .28; Cocoanut Cake. $20(321; Cornmeal,
323 50624 60; Cracked Corn, 324@25; Mixed Feed,
J16@16 50; Cottonseed Meal. $28 per ton.
HAY— Wheat, $7®S 50 for common to good
and $9 2509 50 for choice; Wheat and Oat, $6 50
09: Oat, $6 .".';_ 50; Barley, $54. 7, Island Barley,
$506: Alfalfa, $506 50 per ton; Compressed,
$6 5009.
STRAW— 2S® 35c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
I The speculators continue eager for Beans,
: and prices go up every day in consequence.
j It is said that the crop is light, both here and
|in the East. Even Pinks are higher.
j BEANS— $2 10®2 20; small white, $250
; ®2 60; large white. $2 10®2 25; rinks. $2@2 10;
I Reds. $3 r,..-,,." 75; Blackeye, $3 50fj3 60: Butters.
! nominal; Lima. $4 50@4 GO: Pea, $2 50®2 60; Red
Kidneys, '_' 25®2 40 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, 24®3c; Yellow
Mustard, 3*404 c; Flax, nominal; Canary,
i 34c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 2V>:S3c; Hemp, 4®44c;
: Timothy. 4®44c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 35©1 50; Green, $175
®1 85 per ctl.
j Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Sweet Potatoes are firmer. Other Potatoes
: are unchanged. Onions are doing rather bet
ter.
Good prices continue to rule for Vegetables,
I which are steadily advancing. ■ ■':■.■•".-.::'
POTATOES— River Reds, 6C®6sc; Early Rose.
j 40®50c; Burbanks. 50@70c per ctl; Salinas Bur
: banks. 90c<Sr$l 10; Oregon Burbanks. 70®S0c;
Sweet Potatoes, S74c®sl for Rivers and $1 25
for Merced,
ONIONS— SS@7Oc per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 3"4 c per lb:
String Beans. 34® 4c; Lima Beans. 34@44c;
; Cabbage, 40@50c; Tomatoes, 30@40c; Egg Plant,
35'!. 50c: Green Okra 75c per box; Dried Okra,
i 124 c per lb; Garlic. 2® 3c: Green Peppers, 70®
80c per box; Carrots. 30® 40c per sack; Cucum
bers, 50c; Pickles. $1 50 per ctl for No. 1 and
; 60c for No. 2; Summer Squash, 50® 65c: Mar
! rowfat Squash. $S®lo per ton: Green Corn, $1
@1 25 per crate and 750®5l 25 per sack.
Poultry and Game.
Receipts of Game are very slender and are
: bringing fancy prices.
Arrivals of Poultry are lighter and sell off
j well at the fair quotations.
j POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 13@14c for Gob
-1 blers and 13@14c for Hens; Young Turkeys, 15®
j 17c; Geese, per pair. $1 75®2; Goslings, $1 75®"2;
j Ducks, $44?5 for old and $4 Ro®6 for young;
: Hens, $4@5 50: Young Roosters, $4®5;
' Old Roosters, $4®4 50; Fryers, $3 6094; Broilers,
I $3 25(513 50 for large, $3®3 25 for small; Pigeons,
$1 25®1 50 per dozen for old and $1 50*} 1 75 for
Squabs.
GAME— Quail. $2: Mallard. $7010: Canvas
back, $815:12: Sprig. $6®9; Teal. $4 50®8; Widg
eon, $3174 50: Small Duck. $2 50®3; Doves,
j 65c per dozen: Hare, $1 25@1 50: Rabbits, $1 50
] for Cottontails and $1 25 for small: Gray Geese,
$3: White. $1 25®1 50: Brant. $1 50©2: English
Snipe, $2 per dozen; Jack Snipe, $1 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
All descriptions of fresh Butter, except the
lower grades, rule firm at the advanced prices,
and packed goods are stiff and in fine demand.
Cheese is steady at the familiar quotations.
Eggs are firm, but there Is no further ad
vance. The marked rise in home stock has
diverted much of the demand to Eastern goods.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 28®29c; seconds,
25®27c.
I 'airy— Fancy. 25@26c: good to choice, 23®
24c; store, nominal.
Pickled roll, 22®24c; firkin, 21@224c; creamery
tub, 224®24c.
Eastern. 174 c for ladle packed.
i CHEESE— mild new, lie; old, 19®
i 104 c; Young America. ll@114c: Eastern, 14®
; 15c. '"'--- -
I EGGS— Quoted at 224®274c for store and 35©
1 39c per dozen for ranch; Eastern. 26@28c for
selected, 23® for No. 1 and 20@224c tor sec
onds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The rain has done more or less damage to
Berries and prices are higher all around, with
much lighter receipts.
The rain has also hurt Grapes, though the
major part of the crop has been gathered.
A few Wine Grapes sold at $27, but the figure
is not general enough to quote. Table Grapes
rule firm. ■:."_>
Bartlett Pears are lower. Otherwise there
is no change in tree fruits.
Cranberries show some change, as a better
class of Wisconsin is now coming in.
Lemons and Limes are steady at the good
prices.
Melons are lower and dull, «,iwing to the cold
weather.
Phi IDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples. 35® per box for common and 60c@
$1 2o for good to choice.
BERRlES— Blackberries, $5®6 per chest;
Strawberries. $10 per chest for small and $2 50
®5 for large berries; Raspberries, $4®6 per
chest; Huckleberries, c®fc per lb; Wisconsin
Cranberries. $6 50@7 50 per bbl; Cape Cod Cran
berries. $7 fo®B.
Grapes, 350500 for Black. 40'5'5Cc for Muscat,
40®GCc for Tokay, CO® for Cornichon; crates
sell 10@15c higher: Wine Grapes. $24®2ti per ton
for .""infandel. $23®21 for other black and $18®22
for White.
Cantaloupes, 75c® $1 per crate; Nutmegs, 35®
60c per box.
Pomegranates. 50®65c per box.
Pears. Bartlett. $125 per box; Winter Pears,
50Cff$l 25 per box.
Figs. 50c@$l per box for double layers of
black.
Peaches. 75cS$l 15 per box.
Plums. 50c®$l per box and crate.
Quince's. 40®75c per box.
CITRUS FRUITS — Lemons, $I@2 for com
mon and SZitA for good to choice; Mexican
Limes 57®7 50; California Limes, $I®l 25; Ba
nanas', $1'50®2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $1®
2 50 per dozen. :'."'
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
Prices for all descriptions remain about the
same. Medium Prunes are less weak, and it is
easier to sell them, but the large sizes do not
command. the usual premium this year.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, in sacks, 4%c for
40-50's. 44c for 50-50's, 3%c for 60-70's, 34c
for 70-So's, 24c for 80-90's and 24®24c for
90-100's; Apricots. 10®llc for Royals, 14016 c for
Moorparks and 12® 124 c fcr Blenheims; Peaches,
6®6c for Standards. 64®7c' for choice and 74®
Sc for fancy; peeled Peaches. ll®12c; Evapo
rated Apples, 6®64c; Sun-dried, 4®sc per lb;
Nectarines 74@Sc per lb for red and B®9c for'
white- Pears. *6®Sc for quarters and 8010 c for
halves; Black Figs. 3@4e; White Figs. 6i@64c;
Plums. s*4®6c for dark and 7ffl74c for bleached.
RAISINS- -Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb 10c; choice. 9c; standard, Sc; prime, 6c: un
bleached Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas—
Fancy per lb 84c; choice; 74c; standard, 64c;
prime,' 5c- unbleached Sultanas, sc; Seedless.
50-lb boxes. sc; 2-crown loose Muscatel. 54c;
3-crown 64c; 4-crown. 7c; London layers. 2
crown $160 per box: 3-crown. $1 60. Fancy
Clusters $-, Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices are t. o. b. at common shipping points in
California. ' '. .' , ..
NUTS— Walnuts. S4c for standards and S4o
for softshell: Almonds, 10V4@ll*4c for paper
shell, B@9c for soft and 44T5c for hardshell;
Peanuts s*4@6*4c tor Eastern and 5c for Cali
fornia: Brazil Nuts. B*4®9c: Filberts, ll@114c;
Pecans 74© Sc: Cocoanuts. $4 50@5. .
HONEY --Comb. 114 c for bright and 104 c for
light amber; water white extracted. 74@74c;
light amber extracted. 64@7c; dark, 54c per
lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c tier lb.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9c per lb for heavy,
94@10c for light medium, 114 c for light, 13c for
extra light and 134 c for sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, 14c; California Hams. 134 c;
Mess Beef. $11 per bbl; extra Mess, $12 50; Fam
ily. $14; extra Prime Pork, $12 50; extra clear,
$16 50; mess. $15@1S 50; Smoked Beef, 12c per lb.
LARD— quoted at 6(564c per lb for
compound and 74c for pure; half barrels, pure,
Sc; 10-lb tins, S4c: 5-lb tins. 9c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 6~4®7*4c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about ln under quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 1147 114 c; medium, 104 c; light, 10c; Cow
hides, 94@10c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c; Dry Hides, sound. 17c; culls and brands.
13c;. Dry Kip and Veal, 16c; Dry Calf. 17c;
Sheepskins, yearlings. 20@30c each; short
Wool, 35@60c each; medium, 70@90c; long Wool,
90c<g$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, S2®2 25 for
large and $1 25@1 50 for small; Colts, 25@50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 44@5c per lb; No.
2 4<g44c; refined, ; grease. 2@2*4c
'WOOL— Spring Clips— Valley Oregon, 17@18c;
Eastern Oregon, 12&14 c for choice and 9@ll4ci
for fair to good.
Fall Clip— Joaquin Lambs, S'fflOe; do
plains. 7®Bc; San Joaquin and Southern Moun
tain, 74@9c; Northern free, 10@12c; do, defect
ive, 7411 10 c per lb.
HOPS— Quoted at in<JTl2c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
BEEF— per lb for Steers and 64@70
for Cows.
VEAL— 10c per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers, 7@7*4c; Ewes, «4(-?"o
per lb.
LAMB— Spring. Sl^c per lb.
PORK— Hogs, 54@5%c for small, 6%c for
medium and s*4@S%c for large: stock hogs and
Feeders, 54@6*4c; dressed Hogs, 7@S4<*.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7@7*4e: Wool.
Bags. 26@2Sc; Fruit Bags. 54c, 54c and
the three grades of white and 7@74c for
bleached jute.
COAL— Wellington, $S per ton; New Wel
lington, $3; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Se
attle, $6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay. $5; Wallsend,
$7 50; Scotch, $S; Cumberland, $9 59 in bulk and
$10 75 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$12; Canncl, $8 per ton; Rock Springs and
Castle Gate, $9 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and
$14 in sacks.
Harrison's circular says:
"During the week there have been four deliv
eries of coal from Washington with 13,055 tons;
three from British Columbia, 9634 tons; one
from Oregon. 600 tons; one from Japan, 3700
tons; total. 26989 tons. Our colliery proprietors
are pushing their steamers to their utmost cap
acity, and ere beating records in making fast
time in their deliveries here. The outlook is
improving for our winter supply of fuel, al
though there may not at any time be an ox'er
supply on md, there will be sufficient for cur
rent requirements. There are unfounded ru
mors on the street, which have been repeated
in the papers, that an advance was shortly to
be made on domestic grades for the winter
months. These statements are made to alarm
consumers and force them to lay in large
stocks, whereas at present there is no such in
tention. Present prices will rule for the next
six monthr.
"Freights from foreign ports are hardening,
which means light shipments of coal for several
months to come. Hawaiian Islands are secur
ing all the Australian tonnage for fully eight
months ahead, so that the entire fuel trade is
drifting into the hands of the northern col
lieries,. The transports are relieving us of a
large amount of steam coal, and now that there
is such a «cant quantity on hand at Honolulu
i the steamers leaving here are filling their bunk
ers to their full capacity."
RlCE— Prices show considerable change
' China mixed, $3 65453 70; China No. 1. $4 X&
, 4 7."; extra do, ?! 90-35 20; Hawaiian. $54.5 12*4;
Japan. $4 374@4 87%; Louisiana, $3i_i6.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
; pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-lh bags:
Cubes, A rush*.! and Fine Crushed, 54c: Pow
dered, 54c; Candy Granulated, sc; Dry Granu
lated, 44c: Confectioners' A. 44c; California
! A. — ; Magnolia A. 44c: Extra C. 44c: Golden
; C, 44c: barrels, l-16c more: half barrels, _•,<■
more; boxes. 4c more; 50-tb bags. 4c more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent. Dominoes, half-barrels, 54c; boxes.
54c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY, OCTOBER 13.
Flour, qr sks — B. 239 [Sugar, sks 1 400
Wheat, ctls I.'"' Hay. tons 365
Barley, oris 7,150 Straw, tons 17
Oats, ctls 2,950 Hops, bales .... 131
Oregon Oats, ctls 530 Wool, bags 203
East. Corn. ctls.. 1,20 Pelts, bdls 65
! Cheese, ctls 40 Hides. No 126
Butter, ctls 232 Eggs, doz 6 750
i Tallow, ctls 23 Raisins, bxs .... 2.400
Beans, sks Sugar, bbls 2100
j Middlings, sks .. 760 Lime, bbls "132
Bran, sks 1.960 'Leather, rolls .. 132
Onions, sks 5001 Wine, gals 25 100
j Potatoes, sks .. 1,760 "
Family Retail Market.
Butter and Eggs have again advanced and
are in light supply. Cheese is unchanged.
Prices for Game are away beyond the reach
of the average purse. The Poultry market is
well supplied at normal prices.
Summer fruits and vegetables continue to
dlmlnish in supply and prices continue to ad
vance in a corresponding ratio.
Hams are dearer.
The following is The Call's regular weekly
price list:
Coal, per ton
Cannel. $- — 010 00 Castle Gate. ..ll 500
Wellington . ©10 OOiSouthfield
New Welling- ' Wellington _?9 50
ton 010 00 Coos Bay — 07 00
Seattle 8 000 j **' w
. Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, farcy, per (Common Eggs. ...25030
square 60065 Ranch Eggs, per
Do, per roll 50055 dozen 40045
Do. good 450— i Honey Comb, per
Cheese, Ca.; —015 pound 1"015
Cheese, em.. 17020 \ Do. extracted....— fflio
Cheese, Swiss 20025 i v^r.
Meats, per lb —
' Bacon 12017'iPork, fresh 154920
i Beef, choice 1*020 ! Pork, salt 12015
Do, good 1 ,' Pork Chops ../...:ls©is
Corned Beat —010 Round Steak... 1001-.
Ham, Cal., 15017 Sirloin Steak .. 150—
Do, Eastern ..17%020 1 Porterhouse, d0...200''5
i Lard 12015 Smoked Beef ....12015
1 Mutton 10015 Pork Sausages.. 124020
i . Lamb i 12015 .Veal 15020
Poultry i--nd Game—
, liens, each *.'50.i 65 Quail, per doz... $"> so
Young Roosters. Mallard, per pr $1500 2
each SfHS-fti Canvasback. pair $203
'■ | Old Roosters, ea..500G.> Sprig, per pair $1 5002
' Fryers, each — 050 Teal, per pair.. 500*5
Broilers, each — 35040; Widgeon, per or 500".
' Turkeys, per lb..lSo2O'Small Duck. per
Ducks, each 500*01 pair ' inw-fi
' Geese. each.. sl 2501 50 Wild Geese "";. aw
Pigeons, ....40050 pair ' 40050
' Rabbits, pair ... .—O4O English Snipe di J" 00
Hare, each —020 Jack Snipe . ' r> no
'■ Doves, per d0z.... 51 00 .....♦- iiu
Fruits and Nuts-
Almonds, lb 15020 Limes, per doz.. 15020
Apples ....; 4', 6|Pears, per 1b.... 50 6
Bananas, ooz — 20025 Peaches, per 11 ' swift
; Blackberries, per ; Plums, ,■„.-. lb e% 8
' drawer 40050 Raisins, 1b.... 5010
I Cranberries, .10012 Raspberries. " per
' Cantaloupe* each.loW2o' drawer .. 350-0
' i Nutmeg Mr-10n5... 5010 -Strawberries" "e'er
Figs, per 11) 6ft 8 drawer :T; ' 25050
Grapes, per 1b.... 40 ( ; Walnuts, lb 12013
Huckleberries, lb.loo 12, Watermelons, 'ea"20040
; Lemons, doz 200251 "•
Vegetables—
, : Artichokes,: doz... 2soso (Lentils lb tQ.
' Beets, dos 12015 Lettuce, doz 150-
Beans, white, lb.. 50— Onions, lb "0 3
Colored lb it 7% c ? p , rs ' sreeli-Yb 60 8
Lima, lb 60 SjPotatoes. lb 305
, Cabbage, each ... 5010: Sweet Potatoes' 4
- Cauliflowers, each 3010 Parsnips doz '"','-'
Celery, hunch ...5©- Radishes, dz bchslbiii:
Cucumbers, d iz.. .15020 Sage, doz bncl ' ''.0 '5
Cress, doz : bnchs.2 String Beans iiV'k "s
Egg Plant,: per lb 60 S- Summer Squash'
Green 'or::. per . per lb "''"" ' -„_
dozen ... 1503OThyme. lb -0030
; Green Okra, pr lb B©lo Turnips '.'.'.'.'.'.iftftir,
Green Peas. 1b... 6©-, Tomatoes, lb .40 3
Fish, per lb-
Barracuda ' 13.-,? i: Shrimps . 8010
~arp • i -012 shad . 12015
-cdflsh 150 is Sea Bass ..*",' :.-015
, Flounders .-. 120— Smelts 15020
Halibut .... 200— Soles i-->-.,|5
L-f^nil "•• : 'T-%~ Skates, each ...:.ICOIS
' Klngflsh , ... '"■ Tome id .. —013
Mackerel _ clams, gal ... 500
--' Do. Horse —0— Do hardshell, loo 40050
. }°" 12015 Crabs, each ......10015
. £° m J«'L 0 "- ~®~ Di > softshell,doz.2so3-.
i Rockflsh .... — ra— Mussels, qt .10012
| bamni), smoked.. 2oo— Oysters. Cal. 100. .40050
j Salmon, fresh ...— o— Do Eastern, dz.23010
Continued on Page Thirteen.I I ftLW-3 \\
OF THE
\ i ivy cities//
OAKLAND WILL
WELCOME THE
TROOPS TO-DAY
♦ j
Only the Weather Is I
in Doubt.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call. |
90S Broadway, Oct. 13. .
To-morrow's celebration depends en
tirely on the weather. Nobody can con
trol that phase of the situation, and,
therefore, it was decided to-day to go
ahead with the banquet and preparations
and to trust to Providence to do the reiit.
If there should be any sign of a confin
ed . downpour to-morrow morning the
< ration will be postponed to son. day
i.ext week.
Grand Marshal John Mitchell :..:> is
sued his orders tor the parade. Tin- [ire;
in brief, that the parade will "si.ut
promptly from Fifth and Broad wa.'. at
10:30 o'clock, and march up Broad v.. .•>
to Washington, to Fourteenth. .•'
Broadway to Bevel I ■ »rmarch to
Fourteenth, to Han Twelfth, to
Webster. The gram, will review
the parade at Font:. : -..i Webster.
The parade will con. . the National
Guard. Uniformed Hank, Veteran Re
serve; carriages with Invited guests. In
cluding General Shafter and staff, Briga
dier Generals Funston and Kessler, Gov
ernor Stanley and staff of Kansas and
Senator George C. Perkins.
The Kansas and Montana regiments
will be accompanied by their Own bands.
About seventy-five ladies have been
working all da at the Reliance Club
hulldlng on the preparation for the ban
quet. These workers are from the Red
Cross Society, the Lyon Relief Corps, Ap
pom:.' i Corps. Daughters of the Revo
lution, Lad of the Grand Army, Jewish
Ladies' Relief Society and the Native
Daughters.
Mrs. I. L. Requa and Mrs. W. T. Veitch
were the commanding generals of the
sandwich-making army, and •':.<-■ tactics
displayed In keeping their detachments of
willing workers turning out exquisite
sandwiches shows that they have reduced
sandwich-making to a science.
The grand marshal has issued his final
word as follows: "Again permit me to
say to the people, let the streets be lined
with an enthusiastic, cheering multitude.
and let the welcome extended be of such
a nature as to instantly convince these
veteran soldier boys that they are ln the
midst of friends, eagerly anxious to show
In every way that the gallant defenders
of Old Glory, who have carried our loved
flag through many a fierce fight, always
forward and to victory, have won our ad
miration and gratitude."
Relay Race Postponed.
OAKLAND, Oct. 13.— Owing to the
Etormy weather the tweuty-five-mlle relay j
race of the Academic Athletic Leagse has i
been postponed from to-morrow to Sat- j
urday. October 21. I
A SUCCESSFUL PERFORMANCE.
Young People of Mission Churches j
Produce a Charming Operetta.
The operetta "Golden Hair and the I
Three Bears" was produced last evening I
at ilinman Hall, Twenty-first and Mis- j
sion streets, by the young people of the |
Mission churches. The "fair was under j
'theT Ladies' ; ;. Auxiliary of the Mission j
branch of the Young Men's Christian As- j
socJation, and its purpose was to raise
funds to furnish the auxiliary's new quar
tors at 7 and 11 Hill street.
The performance was one of exceptional '.
merit, and Mrs. L. Straub. who had j
charge of the rehearsals, deserves much j
credit for the excellent manner in which i
the young participants acquitted them- j
selves'. The operetta developed a youth- "
ful prodigy in the person of little Miss I
Adelaide Killgore, who sang the part of
Qolden Hair. She is scarcely 12 years old, !
yet possesses a rich contralto voice that !
was a surprise to every one who heard
her sing. She handled her voice like a
veteran and acted her part like a profes- !
Elonal. All who took part deserve praise i
for their excellent work. The chorus of I
fifty little tots was a feature of the per
form;,
Following Is the cast: Woodland queen.
Miss Marie Partridge; Bard, Charles Tay
lor;*Big Bruin, George Shaw Jr.; Mammy !
-..ft. Gustave A. Heuer; Tiny Cub. Master
Arthur Killgore; Golden Hair, Adelaide
Killgore; Faithful, Miss Mary Straub; I
Liglitfoot. Miss Lulu Mug..-, Airy, Miss
Edna Craig; Frailty. Miss Jessie Gard
ner: Sylvia. May Robinson: Quickstep.
Maud Sheehan; Fleetfoot, Evelyn Fee- |
der. Chorus of forest children, flower :
girls and subjects— Ethel Thompson, Edith
Straub; Anna Jacobs, Lizzie McCullough.
Maudie Sheehan, Bertie. Murray. Hilda
Chamberlain, Edith Pennington, Ethel
McCheeney, Susie Hooper, Hazel Green
wood, Hahie Southard, Alberta Jacobs. !
Virginia Jacobs, Josephine "Cattleman. i
Malvina Dalmas, Annie Dalmas, Ruby
Canham, Evalyn McDermott, Harry
Thompson? Howard Dldley, Forrest Duel. i
.swell Rogers, Henry Phillips, Willie |
Sheehan, Henry Behr, Ernest Hideout.
Ralph Hunt, Hjalmar Jorgenson. Ethel j
Allen. Ralph Hyde, Evalyn Faeder, Ella
May Crowhurst.
So great was the success of the per
form an >• that an effort Is to be made to
have It reproduced at Young Men's Chris
tian Association Hall, Mason and Ellis j
streets.
To Celebrate Dewey's Return.
San Francisco may have a Dewey cele
bration In honor of the return of the
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
BOOKS AN') STVTI IXEJfY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
"42 to 350 Gear) Street. Above Powell.
PERIODICALS, COOKS AND STATIONER'/.
P:OAL. COKE AND Pld IRON.
Jf tt II C..N * m ™ Battery Street.
■ V- T*lL;M*i" tt VU-» Te.ephone Main ISM.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Eupt. H. RLTTH. Mtrr.
Cf OfITH Enl P numbing. Steamboat
• TT- J.'. 11 and Ship Work a Specialty. II
and 18 Washington at. Telephone Main 5*41.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS BOYES&CO-, ggggagnggg
FURS.
JU IfiP^T.n ,4 Kearny at., upitain. !_.!•••
. 1". LUlJirtl/. tty | M| | OW9I pll - „ remod.Hng
IRON FOUNDERS.
WESTERN FOUNDRY, X. D A iSS&i
tt. Cat- ngs of Every Description Mads to
Order. Tel. Black 1505.
PAPER DEALERS.
HIT I AMFTTF *' LIF AND paper co.
ITILLAiTILI 722 Montgomery -treet.
PRINTING.
E- C- nluHfcS. r, n ttetttjomt at.. S. V. *
THE HICKS- JUDD CO , n '^. r!i y* t :
STATIONHI' AND PRINT.
r.ijMg«i*»c PARTRIDGE ™ %™£°*
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL ft N,6 gu*&
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. .-l Its OREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES. '.■ the Beet Coal !n the
v., t. Office and Yards— lso Main itreet.
g^^sm
ATHLETES OF WEST
OAKLAND PROSPER
OAKLAND, Oct. IS.— Athletics are to be boomed in West Oakland. The
West Oakland Athletic Club has just received its certificate of Incor
poration from Sacramento, and is now prepared to enter upon an active
career. Nearly a year ago the club was originally created, but It has
rapidly outgrown the anticipations of Its founders, who have found it
necessary to place it on a substantial footing. ; ' ■
George W. Bastian has been elected president, which office he filled before
the Incorporation. The other officers are: Frank Simpson, first vice president;
C. L. Wines, treasurer; Frank Hufschmidt, secretary. George Simpson, who
ls to box twenty rounds with Charley Tye at the Acme Club next week, is
the boxing instructor, and Charles (onion has been engaged for instructor
in wrestling. The directors are: James Drew, George Simpson, William Hal
loran. Silas Lumsden. Al Fie!.. William Duphrau, E. W. Kuster, George W.
Bastian, Frank Simpson, C. L. Wines and Fred Hufschmidt.
The club has a membership of seventy-five, and ten new applications were
received at the last meeting. The clubrooms are well fitted up, and it has
been found that the. rooms can be well equipped and maintained by levying
dues at $1 per month. At the present time the club is entirely out of debt and
has $400 in its treasury-
In addition to the athletic features the social side of club life has not
been neglected, and there are also well-supplied music and card rooms.
Wednesday and Friday have been set apart as class nights, and there are al
ways about thirty members stripped, ready for tuition, on these occasions. In
the near future the club will present some fine athletic programmes.
hero of Manila Bay to his native country. |
It will be the first celebration of the kind
west of th.- Rocky Mountains and it is
to I .' held under the auspices of the San I
Francisco Hussars. At a meeting of the
Hussars 'ast night the programme for a
celebration was outlined and committees [
were appointed to take charge of the vari- :
ous matters pertaining thereto. The cele
bration, which li scheduled to take place
on November 4, will consist of a night ;
parade, followed by a grand entertain
ment and ball In Mechanics' Pavilion.
State and Federal officials will be invit
ed to attend the exercises and Invitations |
to deliver addresses will be extended to I
the Mayor, Congressman Kahn, Senator |
Perkins, Rabbi Voorsanger and other well i
known orators. '
FOR A BRANCH MUSEUM.
Merchants' Association to Establish
a Permanent Exhibit Here.
Several months ago The Call announced
that the Merchants' Association of this
city proposed to establish in San Fran
cisco a branch of the Philadelphia Com
mercial Museum. Manager Wilson of the
Eastern body promised to donate to the
Western branch many of the exhibits, of
which there is a surplus. A number of
the members of the local body have been
East, and their investigation of the mat
ter has led them to become enthusiasti
cally favorable to the project. This Inter
est is shown by the following, which ap
pears In the forthcoming issue of the Re
view, the official organ of the associa
tion:
The Philadelphia Commercial Mu
seum is now holding a magnificent x
position, that has excited the atten
tion and admiration of every commer
cial center of the world. The products
of all lands are extensively repre
sented there. So successful and valu
able has the Philadelphia Commercial
Museum proven that other prominent
cities are about to start similar In
stitutions. Not to be outdone by Phil
adelphia, the Merchants' Association
of New York has decided to in
augurate In the metropolis a perma
r.ent commercial museum upon a still
more extensive scale. Considerable
correspondence has been exchanged
between our association and the Phila
delphia Commercial Museum upon the
establishment of a branch museum In
San Francisco. Many convincing ar
guments favor such an enterprise ln
this Western metropolis. Its peculiar
advantages to our merchants and
manufacturers, particularly in view of
thi- opening of Oriental markets,
should bring about the establishment
of a San Francisco Commercial Mu
seum at an early date. Every mer
cantile and commercial organization
should unite In consummating this in
dispensable institution for trade ex
pansion.
POKED HIS EYE OUT.
William Taylor Uses the Point of an
Umbrella With Disastrous
Result. *
William Taylor, a colored man 21 years
of age, was arrested yesterday morning
and booked at the City Prison on a
charge of mayhem. The complaining
witness is J. J. Tompkins, a horse
trainer from Chicago, living at the
Golden Gate Hotel.
Tompkins was standing outside the ho
tel shortly after midnight talking to
friends when Taylor approached them
and began to talk to them. Tompkins
told him to go away, and when Taylor
asked why Tompkins , replied: "Don't
like niggers, nohow." Taylor had an
umbrella in his hand and made a lunge
with It at Tompkins" face and the point
struck his left eye.
Tompkins was taken to the Receiving
Hospital and Dr. Dray attended the in
jured eye. He said that the night was
entirely gone.
■ ♦ .
Old Ladies' Reception
The annual reception to the old ladles
■ of the Protestant Episcopal Home was
1 given by the board of managers yester
; day at tha Institution on Golden Gate
i avenue, ..ear Masonic avenue. The old
' folks received their friends in their re
; spective apartments during the day and
j In the afternoon they were entertained
, with a vocal and Instrumental programme
In which the following took part: Mrs.
W. P. McDermott. Mrs. N. J. Tharp. Miss
: Millie Flynn, Miss Blanche Southeck and
Miss Mollie Pratt. In the evening Master
: W. H. Rice Jr., Miss Sadie C. Rice. M.ss
' Elsie Hutton, Mrs. Julius Klein, Miss
: Lole Jessup, Professor Adelsteln, Miss
I Ethel Jones and Mrs. Harry Clark con
. tributed some Interesting numbers. The
i candy table was In charge of Mrs. Al
i fred Clark: fancy goods table, Mrs. E.
E. Gibbs; refreshment table, Mrs. R. B.
! Sanchez, president of the board.
[ A feature of the reception was the sing-
I ing of old time songs by Mrs. Heath and
a recitation by Mrs. Cotter, both of
| whom are over SO years of age.
; The reception will be continued to-day
1 and there will be a special entertalnmnt
ill IS SAJN If KAN CISCO CALL, SATUItDAr, OCTOBER 14. 1899.
GEORGE W- BASTIAN.
for children this afternoon. Professor
Hazzard, th« ventriloquist, will appear
and there will be a Punch and Judy show.
In the evening Mrs. Prances Edgerton will
recite, H. M. Fortescue will sing a tenor
solo and the Mandolin Club wi! 1 play.
CARELESSNESS CHARGED
Excelsior Planing-Mill Blamed for
the Death of Martin Shaugh
nessy, an Employe.
Coroner Hill held an Inquest yesterday
upon the body of Martin Shaughnessy.
who died ln St. Mary's Hospital on Octo
ber 10 from the effect of Injuries received
whiie at work in the planing mill of the
Excelsior Redwood Company. The testi
mony showed that Shaughnessy, while
doing some work with the ripsaw, picked
up a piece of wood from the floor and
changed the belt from one pulley to an
other with it. The belt was running at
the time, and the stick was twisted in
such a way as to strike Shaughnessy in
the stomach
The jury returned a verdict that the de
ceased met his death by an accident
caused by gross carelessness of his em
ployer. The apparatus for shifting the
belt was out of order and could not be
used, and Shaughnessy was obliged to use
the stick instead. i
PUBLISHERS' BUILDING
AT THE PARIS FAIR
CHICAGO, Oct. 13.— Commissioner Gen
eral Peck has just awarded the contract
for a most Important United States build
ing at the Paris Exposition of 1900. The
structure will be known as the Publish
ers' building and will be located in the
new (or Esplanade dcs Invalidcs) section
of the exposition grounds. In It will be
made the displays of American printing
machinery and supplies.
In this building will be the general
headquarters or rendezvous for United
States publishers. Here publishers will be
made to feel at home amid familiar en
vironments.
The Publishers' building belongs to the
department of liberal arts, of which A.
S. Capebart Is director, and the main
building will be under the charge of
Charles Harris Simms, assistant director
of liberal arts.
Newspaper and other publishers are In
vited to send their publications to these
headquarters during the exposition, and
those who intend to visit the exposition
next summer are requested to notify the
liberal arts department of such fact, in
order that they may be registered and
certified to the proper French officials
DEFIED THE UNLUCKY
NUMBER THIRTEEN
The U. C. Collegians Boldly Held
Their Annual y •-^
Glee.
BERKELEY. Oct. 13.— The freshmen
!of the University of California defied
: the unlucky number 13 ln the annual
I dance given in the Harmon gymnasium
; to-nlght. They set the affair for the
i 13th day of the month, kept tho num
i ber of dances to thirteen and limited the
j number of their reception committee to
; thirteen. That the event happened to
come on Friday only suited their plans
all the more.
In spite of this the dance turned out a
j big success. The committee of arrange
! ments did excellent work In decorating
the old gymnasium building. Blue and
j gold hangings ran from the center to the
I sides, giving a large canopy of the uni
, versity colors, under which the fresh
i men and the co-eds danced out their
! thirteen dances. A wealth of palms and
: Ivy added much to the appearance of the
' walls and pillars ' " _. -' *-- : - :
L. S. Sessions acted as floor manager
and Charles B. Jones as floor director.
The committee of arrangements con
-1 sisted of John A. Moriarity (chairman).
! Miss Pearl A. Wagner. Miss Edna Wilde,
i Mist Annie McCleave, Fred -T. Berry,
i James M. Koford. William J. Baxter.
I On the committee of arrangements were:
i P S. Madden (chairman), Miss A. E.
■ Dwver Miss J A. Benham, Miss M. E.
i Sch'affer, Miss T. Matthews, Miss E.
1 Duffy, A. E. Jackson. C. G. Bailey, F. T.
Manning, F. S. McQuiddy. A. F. Lem
berger, A. D Lang and L. J. White.
I—■ ♦ ■ ■
Site Committee's Quiet Work.
OAKLAND, Oct. 13.— The committee
I having In charge the raising of the fund
! for the site for the Carnegie Library ls
! working very quietly and has not called
i any public meeting since it was appointed.
' The members of the committee are doing
! Individual work, and it is said that a very
large proportion of the proposed $30,000
I has already been promised. The commit
tee will make no report till tha whole
1 amount Is In sight. ■-■ •.-.--'■?■ ••-. ■"• v^'f^-y-.'*
ALAMEDA COUNTY
TO PRISON FOR
A YEAR BECAUSE
OF THIRTY CENTS
Yon Kapff a Victim of
Fee System.
Oakland Office Ran Francisco Call.
DOS Broadway. Oct. 13.
Henry W. yon Kapff, ex-constable of
Alameda, who was recently convicted of
having sworn falsely to affidavits at
tached to his claims for fees, was sen
tenced by Judge Hall to-day to one year's
Imprisonment in San Quentln. a motion
for a new trial having been previously de
nied. By stipulation it was agreed that
the making out of the commitment be de
ferred for another week to give Yon Kapff
time in which to appeal to the Supreme
Court, but it is believed that he does not
desire to appeal. /> .
Before pronouncing sentence Judge Hall
took occasion to criticize the system of
paying fees to petty officers. He noted
the fact that Yon Kapff while in offlce had
about fifteen deputies.
"This number.'' said his Honor, "was
not required to attend to the ordinary
business that could come to his offlce, and
consequently it was hard for deputies to
make fees. The result is that the young
man finds himself in this court as a con
vict, having perjured himself for a few
dimes."
Yon Kapff. who at one time was one of
the most popular young men in Alameda,
appeared crestfallen when sentence was
pronounced. He feels bitterly the stigma
that the proceedings attach to his name.
HENRY W. YON KAPFF.
and he still protests his Innocence.
"I am an innocent victim of circum
stances," he said as he once more entered
1 the prison corridor. "I think the verdict
] of the jury an unjust one. as I never in
tentionally violated any law. Even the
I Judge remarked that there was no real i
; criminal Intent, but the jury rendered its |
; verdict otherwise, and his Honor gave me
the minimum sentence. I believe. It's a
case of punishing a man on general prin
ciples—that constables In this county have
held up the treasury for years past.
"I'm convicted of overcharging the
county the exorbitant sum of 30 cents.
Whether deliberately or otherwise, I j
overcharged this amount', and this, too,
during a period of four years in offlce. ;
The presumption is great that a man
with no stain upon his character, having
a young wife, an aged father and mother
and sisters to mourn his loss, would not
deliberately commit suicide, so to speak,
for this great amount of money. -It seems
to me that It Is a constable that they
wanted to punish, no matter what his
name, and in the drawing of straws,
which I had no hand In, I'm the one that |
ls to die." ___
GAMMA ETA KAPPA
WILL CONVENE TO-DAY
OAKLAND, Oct. 13.— State conven
tion of the Gamma Eta Kappa Fraternity
will meet in Pythian Hall, on Twelfth
street, to-morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock.
The fraternity has chapters only in High
Schools, and delegates will attend from
Oakland, San Francisco, San Jose, Stock
ton, Santa Cruz, San Bernardino, Los
Angeles, Portland and Denver. In the
evening a banquet will be served at the
Hotel Metropole, when Attorney Ben L.
Woolner will act as toast master.
A Woman Burglar.
OAKLAND. Oct. 13.— A woman giving
the name of Mrs. Frizelle was arrested
to-day by Detectives Shorey and Holland.
She has been regarded with suspicion for
some time, going about from house to
house under the name of Macdonald and
claiming to peddle corn salve. She is now
charged with having entered the residence
of Mrs. W. Murphy, 523 Eighth street, and
carrying off considerable clothing and
small ornaments, which have since been
identified by the owner. The officers be
lieve that the woman may be responsible
for a number of recent burglaries com
mitted in hotel rooms.
Mud Spoiled the Game.
BERKELEY, Oct. 13.— The freshmen of
the University of California lined up on
the college football field this afternoon
for a match game against Boone's Uni
versity Academy of Berkeley. The con
dition of the ground, however, was such
that no progress could be made, and both
sides agreed to abandon playing. The
game will be played out at some other
date. _____________
Native Sons of Vermont.
A large audience was present at Odd
Fellows' Hall last night, the occasion be
ing the monthly entertainment of the Na
tive Sons of Vermont. The following pro
gramme was creditably rendered: Recita
tion, "A Telephone Romance," Miss
Lydla Jacob; up-to-date selections. John
Morrison; the Fairy Dell Company in
spectacular specialties with calcium lignt
effects, entitled "Butterfly's Dream,"
"Tarantella," "Dewey Dance"; Japanese
specialties by the Geisha company and a
cake-walk ly the Johnson twins, late of
the Tlvoll.
Dancing concluded the evening's enter
tainment '-';■■;"■. J. ■-■. .--'.":•'• .■■'."'. ;;:.': r ...._',{"
Advani Out on Parole.
Anand A. Advani. the alleged Indian
merchant, who has been swindling banks
In. different parts of the world, was re
leased from custody by Chief Lees Thurs
day night, but on the condition that he
would report at police headquarters every
morning till he leaves the city. He re
ported yesterday morning and consented
to have his photograph taken. The Chief
is satisfied with the publicity given to
Advanl's operations, which will warn
bankers to be on their guard, and will
not prosecute the swindler. ■ ,--Vc" :■;?::■:
Underwriters at Banquet.
The quarterly banquet of the San Fran
cisco Life Underwriters took place last,
evening in the parlors of the California
Hotel. J. Kllgarlff presided and after an
excellent meal had been disposed of thosn
at the table gathered together and spent
several hours in general conversation
pertaining to matters of their business.
THE GOAT COST ONE
DOLLAR PER HOUR
OAKLAND. Oct. 13.— J. J. Carter bought a goat last Saturday. When
he got home the goat died and to-day Prosecuting Attorney Leach. Dep
uty District Attorney Samuels and Assistant City Attorney Condon were
studying the statutes to find out if a man who sold a goat which died
two hours after the sale and who represented said goat to be thoroughly
healthy could 1 c prosecuted for obtaining money under false pretenses.
Mr. Carter appeared at the City Hall to-day with his tale of the goat.
He told the legal gentlemen that at the free market last Saturday he pur
chased Mr. William from an unknown dealer. The goat was frisky and ap
peared to be a very lively animal. In fact. It tried to use Its horns on the
way to the Carter home. Mr. Carter paid $2 for the goat and two hours
after he bought It William died. Mr. Carter seriously Informed the prosecut
ing attorney that $1 per hour for '.he possession of a goat was direct fraud
and he asked for the assistance of a police officer and a John Doe ** arrant
to go and secure the arrest of the goat merchant. Attorney Samuels uejllncd
to issue. the warrant, stating that In his opinion buying goats was something
like swapping horses— you have to take your chance. Mr. Carter left the
City Hall totally dissatisfied that a citizen of Oakland could have no redress
from the courts after being so grievously imposed upon in the purchase of
a goat.
Stephen Fletcher Expires.
ALAMEDA. Oct. 13.—Stephen Fletcher,
a native of Bristol, England, aged 75
years, died this morning at 4 o'clock at |
his residence, 2248 Central avenue. Sur- ,
viving him are a widow. Mrs. Caroline
Fletcher, and tour daughters— C. K. |
Cadman, Mrs. D. O. Kelley, Mrs. J. G.
Cadman and Dr. Mary Delano Fletcher.
Deceased was an early settler, having :
come to this State In IS4C. After remain- \
ing a short time he returned East. In ,
1853 he returned and settled in Nevada
County, where he remained until 1868, >
when 'he removed to San Francisco and <
engaged in business. About ten years
ago he took up his residence in this city.
Three years ago he retired from busi
ness.
OAKLANDERS ADVOCATE
NEEDED IMPROVEMENTS
Second Ward Citizens Inform Coun-
cilmen of Their W.'shes in
Regard to Bonds.
OAKLAND, Oct. 13.— At an enthusiastic
and well attended meeting to-night of cit
izens of the Second Ward called by Coun
cilmen Girard and Kramm for their en- j
lightenment on the question of the pro
posed bond issue the following Items were
recommended to be Incorporated in the
bond proposition to be submitted to the
vote of the people: "'.'.• «: _--<_«««.
For municipal water plant. $1,500,000:
salt water plant, $75,000; new engine- ,
houses. $100,000; new schoolhouses, $200,
--000; plaza for Second Ward, $50,000; im
provement of Telegraph and San Pablo
avenues, $100,000; wharves from Broadway
to Grove street, $100,000; art gallery in
proposed new library, $25,000; for reclaim
ing North Oakland marsh. $35,000; new
City Hall. $300,000; Improvement of East
Fourteenth street, $50,000. The proposition
of Including $300,000 for the purchase of the
Sather Tract for park purposes was voted
down, as was also an item of $000,000 for
West Oakland wharves from Nineteenth
street to Twenty-fourth, while Items of
$99,000 for a lot at Twelfth-street dam and
$500,000 for sewering were passed by with
out any recommendation. \
The meeting was presided over by Mark
A. Thomas, and Professor J. G. Lemmon
acted as secretary.
TROUT WERE POISONED
OR ELSE ELECTROCUTED
OAKLAND, Oct. Three hundred !
dead speckled trout are floating on the
beautiful lake in the Schilling grounds.
Two days ago all the fish were lively,
but the next morning all were dead. Mr.
Schilling is at a loss to account for the
death of his fish and at firs', thought that
some poison must have been thrown Into
the pond. The Schilling grounds, how
ever, are always open to the public ex
cept at auch times as Mr. Schilling de
sires to keep them private, and no one
can conceive of any reason why a vandal
should wish to poison the beautiful fish.
It Is possible that a liv«- electric wire
may have got Into the pon- for the Schil
ling grounds are a perfei I network of
electric wires, used for ill' nlnatlng pur
poses. One of the trout ar- a sample if
the water from the pond h ye been given
to the analyst at the State University and
in a few days it will be ascertained
whether the fish died from poison or
whether the pond charged with electricity
caused the electrocution of the trout.
BURGLAR SULLIVAN'S
QUARTERS CHANGED
OAKLAND, Oct. 13.— C. C Sullivan, the
ex-convict murderer and burglar, cap
tured by the Alameda police early last
Monday morning, when Bert Willmore
was killed, was to-day brought to the
County Jail, where he will enjoy the free
dom of the Grand Jury corridor. Ala
meda's Chief of Police, Joh ; Conrad, and
Justice Morris were in close consultation
to-day with Chief Deputy District Attor
ney Melvln, arranging matters for Sulli
van's preliminary hearing, to be held next
Monday afternoon. Chief Conrad will
swear to the complaint.
IN THE COUNTY JAIL.
Burglar Charles Sullivan Now in
Charge of Sheriff Rogers
in Oakland.
ALAMEDA. Oct. 13.— The- arraignment
and preliminary hearing; of Burglar
Charles C. Sullivan will be held before
Justice of the Peace Morris next Mon
day at 2 o'clock In City; Recorder St.
Sure's courtroom. Sullivan was removed
to the County Jail to-day at 3 o'clock. A
number of ex-convicts and confederates
of Sullivan and Willmore have been hang
ing around town during the last two days
and the police, not desirous to run any
risks of having a raid on tho jail, the
prisoner was taken by Marshal Conrad
and Officer Anderson to the County Jail
in Oakland
Mrs Willmore blames Sullivan for her
son's ' return to the path of wickedness
and his subsequent death. She stated
yesterday that Sullivan had called at the
house quite frequently of late, and had
told Bert of numerous good hauls that
had been made by a number of ex-con
victs. It was only last Friday that he
visited the place and waited the arrival
of' her son. Mrs. Willmore declares that
owing to Sullivan's bad Influence she had
forbidden his calling at her house.
Ex-Soldier Harvey Recovers.
OAKLAND, Oct. 13.— James Harvey, the
ex-soldier of the Twenty-third United
States Infantry, who was doped and
robbed of $140 and his overcoat In San
Francisco and then shipped to this -jity
by his undoers. and whose case had been
puzzling the authorities at Hie Recelv'ng
Hospital, was ordered discharged to-day
by Judge Ogden. the young man Having
recovered his mind. Chaplain Wood of
the Twenty-third called to-day and ar
ranged for Harvey's transportation to
Baltimore. Md., where his father resides.
Farmer Donlon's Will Filed.
OAKLAND, Oct. 13. - The will of
Thomas 'Donlon. a farmer of Murray
Township, who died suddenly at his home
near Dublin September 29. 1890. was filed
for probate to-day by Thomas. Eliza
beth and Catherine Donlon, who are
named as executor and executrices In the
instrument, which is dated April 19. 1899.
The estate consists of real land personal
property and moneys In bank, the total
probable : value being over $10,000. The es
tate Is bequeathed to the three chlldten
who apply for letters.
Almost a Centenarian.
OAKLAND. Oct. 13.— Uriah Hemphill,
one of the earliest settlers of this city,
died to-day at hi? home. ?49 Chestnut
street, at the advanced age of 97 years.
Deceased was a native of Wilmington,
Del., and come to the coast in the pioneer
days. By occupation he was a baker. and
»iiiK
for many years conducted a bakery on
lower Broadway, but he has not been
actively engaged in business for seme
time. He leaves a son. Henry Hemphill.
■ ♦ ■
For the Brave lowans.
OAKLAND. Oct. 13.— Mrs. W. T.
Veitch, a leader in Red Cross Society
work, has received from the citizens of
Red Oak, la., a large beautiful silk
flag, which they have requested her to
present to Company M of the Fifty-first
lowa volunteers on their return from
Manila. The flag, beautifully embroid
ered, bears the inscription, "Welcome
Home."
LABOR UNIONS
WILL WORK FOR
LOCAL PROGRESS
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Oct. 13.
The presidents of the various trade or
ganizations in this city are arranging a
mass-meeting for next Thursday evening
at Gier's Hall. The purpose of the meet
ing is to further the campaign of the
Merchants' Exchange to increase the local
trade of this city and to prevent It cross
ing the bay. The meeting will not be con
fined to organized labor, but the opera
tives of all manufactures and industries
of Oakland. At the same time a recep
tion will be tendered to Samuel B. Don
nelly, grand president of the International
Typographical Union, who will also make
an address.
A. J. Reid, ex-president of the State
Typographical Union; M. A. Mclnnes,
president of the Oakland Typographical
Union; C. D. Rogers, district organizer of
the American Federation of Labor; M. L.
Schnitzer of the Oakland Tribune, James
Shields of the Berkeley Gazette, Reuben
Wland of the Brotherhood of Carpenters
and Joiners and T. F. Feeney, secretary
of the Cigar-makers' Union, are charged
with -the duty of appointing sub-com
mittees to perfect the details of the mass
meeting and reception.
A conference was held between these
gentlemen and M. M. Barnett of the Mer
chants' Exchange this morning, and
enough assurance was given to satisfy all
that the mass-meeting will be a great
success.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THIS
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Aachen and Munich Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF AIX-LA-CHAPELLE. GERMANY. ON
the 31st day of December, A. D. IS9B. and
j for the year ending on that day. as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Call-
-1 fornia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $643,965 00
I Cash ln Company's Office 9 52
j Cash In Banks . -•.••_•_•••,• 82,78174
I Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
1 and Loans '"° 0°
1 Premiums In Due Course of Collection 46.229 12
I Balances due from Agents 428 79
Total Assets ...$79*, 334 17
LIABILITIES. '
Losses adjusted and unpaid $8,744 50
Losses In process of Adjustment or In ■
Suspense • • 19,182 47
Losses resisted. Including expenses.... 6,175 00
Gross premium on Fire Risks running
one year or less. $383,243 32: reinsur-
ance 60 per cent 191,62166
Gross premium* on Fire RlsJts running
more than one year. $149,189 51; rein-
surance pro rata 99,339 36
All other demands against the Com-
pany •• (.967 57
Total Liabilities ... ."..... .$332,030 56
INCOME. . ' ~~~
Net Cash actually received for Fire
' premiums $470,170 14
Received for interest and dividends on
Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from all
other sources 23.202 52
Total Income ■..$493.372 66
EXPENDITURES. ~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $24,464 22. losses of previous
years) $251,246 84
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 92,193 55
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 63,254 50
Paid for State. National and local
taxes .' 10,613 31
All other payments and expenditures. 35.197 31
Total Expenditures $452,504 51
•••/-::■' Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $255,900 S3
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount .of Risks !'. ; •
written during the
year... $48,059,170 $617,092 64
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
i year 41,082.860 618.719 29
I Net amount In force
December 31. IS9B 40,728.345 532.432 83
SAML. R. WEED of Weed & Kennedy.
Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 24th
day of January. 1899. GEO. H. COREY,
Commissioner for California.
CESAR BERTHEAU, Manager.
ALFRED R. GRIM, Asst. Manager.
Pacific Coast Department,
423 CALIFORNIA STREET
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
**_tf(S_B_-BSBBB*_S** , _rfl Ble ** '" * non-poieonooi
*«*j#fe#i^'*^-*Q£>£«| remedy for Gonorrhoea.
49£_j?^CKEfira£g Gleet, Spermatorrhea,
flpia 1 »05-»75."0 Whites, unnatural lis.
GSfpJf Ocaranteed *g charges, or any lDfln-rna-
C«t»y not *° itrtetore. tion, irritation or uicer*-
P"--|''---*u coautloo, tion of in u cons mem.
gySBmEvANS CH.MTH.no. branee Non-astringent.
YflSjSk CINCINNATI.!) BH Sold *-' *>»*-i*insOs j
|Ua V.l.A' Jam or a * nt in Pl'ln wrapper.
,*Hiffi«B%iw_ ' _^&*tf!i b ? express, prepaid, fat
rAMymaammmmmmWZ^rm 1 1 - 00 - or 3 bottles, 13.70.
- ..*"•> ■ ■ CiroUM-I sans w» Vavsmmm
/fmws\\
t}[ V. OF THE J
Übaycitibsl J
WIDOW CHARGES
THAT F. C. SIEBE.
DELUDED HER
Mrs. Petermann Files
a Queer Suit.
Oaklr ad Office San Francisco Call.
90S Broadway, Oct. 13.
A rather sensational suit was filed in
the Superior Court this afternoon by Mrs.
Mary Petermann of Mount Eden against
Fred C. Siebe of San Francisco, her de
ceased husband's former business part
ner, wherein she makes grave charges of
having been duped by him out of a con
siderable portion of the $100,000 estate left
to her and eight children by her husband.
Henry Peterraann, who died in April, 1891
The complaint recites that shortly after
the husband's death a son. Henry Peter
mann Jr., engaged In business and spec
ulative enterprises, borrowing large sums
from Siebe, in whom the widow had re
posed implicit confidence and who had
voluntarily offered his advice and counsel
pertaining to her property. Young Peter
mann sustained heavy losses and in 1894
was Indebted to Siebe for $15,000. Mrs.
Petermann, however, had no knowledge
of such transactions until Siebe presented
the notes to her for indorsement, long
after the same became due, but still hav
ing full confidence in Slebe's honesty, she
signed the notes, Siebe advising her that
it would not be necessary for her to con
sult an attorney In the matter.
Later, continues the complaint, and
while young Petermann was insolvent,
Siebe loaned $1000 more and took a note
for the same, which she never Indorsed,
and on October 2, 1896, defendant blandly
informed her that "she was now indebted
to him in the sum of $23,000 and that in
order to secure payment of the same it
would be necessary for her to execute
mortgages upon certain of her realty lv
favor of Siebe." She then executed two
mortgages, one for $20,000 on Alameda
County property and the other for $3000
on San Francisco property.
"All of which plaintiff alleges was dona
without any consideration and that de
fendant wickedly and falsely misrepre
sented to her that she owed him $23,000
for the purpose of defrauding and cheat
ing her out of her property."
Later Mrs. Petermann was prevailed
upon by Siebe to surrender control of her
property, so It appear in the complaint,
and finally, in April, 1896, she was pre
vailed upon to make a deed. The plain
tiff further alleges that in taking control
of her property Siebe also collected notes
she had against various parties for over
$20,000, none of which he gave her credit
for, and that on September 27, 1899, de
fendant claimed she owed him $34,637, and
requested a trust deed for all her prop
erty, threatening if she refused he would
foreclose the mortgages.
The widow asserts that she never owed
Siebe over $2000. She asks that the court
direct Siebe to render an accounting and
that the mortgages given by her to him
be declared null and void.
Remembered His Five Children.
OAKLAND, Oct. 13.— Annie Wilson to
i day filed for probate the will of her hus
-1 band. George Wilson, who died at Stock
i ton September 17 last, leaving an estate
, consisting of real estate at Sunol, $1.00;
i eighteen shares stock in Stockton Sav
j ings Bank, $1700, and fifteen shares stock
iin the Pacific Coast Savings Society.
i $1000. The wll. is dated March 29, 1899, and
• by Its terms $200 is bequeathed to each of
i testator's five children, the residue be
j ing left to the widow, who applies for
I letters, being named as executrix in the
I Instrument.
STATEMENT
■■ in- OF THE *" -*
! CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
HANOVER FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
i IS9S, and for the year ending on that day,
as made to the Insurance Commission of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 ar.d 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Slock, paid up ln
Cash V 1.000.000. 000.000 00
ASSETS.
; Real Estate owned by Company $450,000 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 7,000 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
| Bonds owned by Company 2.295.664 00
i Cash in Company's Office 53.374 90
j Cash in Banks 48,803 69
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 18,062 50
\ Interest due and accrued on Bonds
1 and Mortgages 29 18
; Premiums In dv» Course of Collection 161,507 09
i Rents due and accrued 435 75
i Due from other Companies for Re-
j insurance on losses already paid.... 213 53
Total Asset* .$3,035.140 62
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $58,854 69
j Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 69,166 19
Losses resisted. Including expenses... 25,922 71
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
. ning one year or less. $1,011,526 33;
reinsurance 50 per cent ; 505,763 18
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,192,-
-662 31: reinsurance pro rata 628.349 82
[Reinsurance premiums 11.372 63
Total Liabilities ..$1.329.429 19
INCOME. : ~ '
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums' $1,449,473 69
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 43185
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources 94,308 19
Received for Rents 28,389 70
; Received for profit on sale of securi-
ties 23.571 23
Total Income ...$1.596.177 68
EXPENDITUP.ES. ~ '
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $192,436 41. losses of pre-
vious years) V $933.518 56
Dividends to Stockholders 100.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 262,42153
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 153 750 73
Paid for State. National and local
taxes;....; 50.301 49
All other payments and expenditures 104.670 44
Total Expenditures ; $1."04."60 74
•-'•','*>_ Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $906,740 54
Risk* and Premiums. Fire Risks. I Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $157,146.439 1*1,722.203 73
1 Net amount of Risks
j . expired during the
! year 155.003.964 1.755.677 70
1 Net amount ln force
December 31. 1898 200.075.765 ' 2.204.188 64
I. REMSEN LANE. President.
C. L. ROE. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn" 'to before me, thlt
2Sth day of January, 1899.
JOS. McCOr.D, Notary Public.
CESAR BERTHEAU, Manager,*
Pacific Coast Department,
423 CALIFORNIA STREET
SAN FRANCISCO. CAJU
1112
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
300 Hayes street; cpen until 9:30 o'clock.
(38 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
(IE Larkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
'•'•4 l Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
IN Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. M., a
-•111 meet THIS (SATURDAY) EVBN-__A -
ING. Oct. 14. at 7:30 o'clock. P. M. and TCIT
M E. M. degrees. By order of the H. /V *
P. FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216, F. and A. M.— ft
Called meeting THIS (SATURDAY) __#%_,
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- 12_V
gree. Master Masons are Invited. By /Nr *
order of the W. M.
J. R GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. 2. -N_*a__/!s>
I O. O. F. — Regular meeting
THIS (SATURDAY) EVENING. -"^_9K=F
Third degree. -^*fll***
A. K. KING-FORD, D. M.
OFFICERS and members 0- Bx- -s_#S__^_v
celslor Lodge No. 310, I. O. O. F.— "§j&23SS_=
The funeral of our late brother, -^}S*=*g""
JAMES PENNYCOOK. at the res- -'w/ll^
Idence of W. Pennycook, 9IS Florida st.,
SUNDAY, October 15, 2 p. m. Fines for non-
attendance. D. V. DBUEL, N. G.
W. A. McINNES, Reo. See
THERE will be an open meeting of the boiler-
makers and Iron shlp-bullders of San Fran-
cisco on SUNDAY, Oct. 15. at 102 O'Farrell
St., at S p. m. sharp. The men of the Union
Iron Worka are requested to be present.
B. F. HALL, Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from Henry H. Meyer, et als., ln the
French Claim, at Alabama Hill, near Downle- j
vllle. Sierra County, to deposit tailings In a J
ravine below the mine; from R. J. Slnnott
and F. M. Spencer, in the Hopkins Creek i
Tailing Claim, ln Goodwin Township, Plumas j
County, to deposit tailings In Hopkins Creek;
and from James C. West, In the Eagle Gulch ,
mine, ln Butte County, near Strawberry Val- j
ley, to deposit tailings ln a worked-out pit,
gives notice that a meeting will be held at
room 59. Flood building. San Francisco, Cal., {
on October 30, 1899, at 1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL meeting — Annual meet of stock-
holders of the KILAUEA SUGAR i
PLANTATION COMPANY will be held at
the office of the company, 327 Market street.
In the city and county of San Francisco,
State of California, on WEDNESDAY, the
25th day of October. l sc -9. at the hour of 11
o'clock a. m., for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year, and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting. Trans-
fer books will close on Saturday, October 14.
Utl, at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting, stockholders of The Slme
Company— The annual meeting of the stock- |
holders of The Sime Company will be held at !
the principal office of the company ln San I
Francisco, CaL, on WEDNESDAY, the 18th I
day of October, 1899, at 2 o'clock p. m.. for .
the purpose of electing directors and for the |
transaction of such other business as may i
properly come before the meeting.
ALBERT C. AIKEN, President.
Dated October 7. 1 >■:■:> ■
ACCOUNTANTS.
S. K. BALLARD, 401 Cal. St., designs audits A
adjusts accounts for corporations & Arms: ref.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. KIN.;. sixth floor. Chron-
icle building; no advance charges; all cases;
estates, mortgages, damages, collections, \
bankruptcy, wills, etc., drawn; moderate
fees; call or write.
LAW and Loan Co. fine.)— Capital $100,000; pro-
secute or defend lawsuits ln all courts on con-
tingent fees; employ able counsel: loan money
on any kind of security. Advice free, by mall
or at offlce. 214 Pine st., room 64.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private; !
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn. :
NOAH F. FLOOD, 935 Market St.. opp. Mason;
consultation free; moderate fees.
L. S. CLARK. ______ Spreckels building. 927
Market: consultation free: no fees ln advance.
KAGLE & NAGLE, attorneys at law. Emma
Spreckels building, 927 Market St.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mas.
BATH CABINETS-THERMAL.
THE Robinson 4-ranel bath cabinet, folding
like a screen; one panel opening as a door; |
caii and see It; descriptive booklet free. W.
S. BROWN, general agent. 426 Ellis st. I
BICYCLE REPAIRS.
THOS. H. VARNEY, Market and Tenth.
RAMBLER AND IDEAL BICYCLES.
REPAIRING A SPECIALTY.
*
BOARD AND ROOMS. '
EDDY. 123— United States Ho^'^ooms^l'rio •
week up, with board $5 60; suit for two with
board, $12; board. $4 week; meals, 250; ele- !
vator runs all night.
MARKET. 1820 .Las Palmas)— of 2 or 3 j
rms.; private; bath; sin. rms.; board optional.
O'FARRELL. Clean comfortable rocms; su-
perior table board; bath; plane: reasonable. I
POST, 732— Rooms and board for either two
ladies or gentlemen; terms very reasonable; !
strictly private family.
POWELL. 309 (The Waldorf)— Furnished suites j
and single, with or without board.
BOARD AND ROOMS WANTED.
ROOM and board; vicinity of Sutter. Polk and
California sts. Box 7*B, Call office.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
CHILDREN to board by experienced nurse; rea- !
sonable. 733*4 Stevenson, or 374 Tenth st
Oakland.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and 'exchanged' I
Holmes Book .'.-.., 704 Mission St.. near Third. j
BOOTS AND SHOES.
CHILDREN'S best kangaroo school shoes. Ssc;
lad's stylish lace or button shoes, SI 25: men's !
shoes, $1; price list mailed free. PEOPLE'S j
SHOE STORE. 1303 Stockton, nr. Broadway.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— PARTNER wanted with In good-paving
water-front saloon; splendidly paying; best
location. Call R. G. WILKE, 90« Market st.
$450— BRANCH bakery and stationery store
on O'Farreli at., Including 4 rooms; dally re-
ceipts $10; rent $25; a splendid offer. R. G.
WILKE. 90* Market st.
HOTEL ot 120 rooms, office, bar, dining-
room, etc.; established for many years with
large patronage; In very best part of this city-
close to Market and Kearny; this flrst-class
paying property must be sold at once; books
open for Inspection; price $8000. Particulars
R. G. WILKE, 906 Market St.
A-$1500; TRANSFER corner grocery and bar-
doing a rushing cash store and bar business;
low rent; rare chance; other business compels
owner to sacrifice; Investigate at onoe. R.
G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— llso— bakery and notion store, with
3 living rooms; rent $20; on Buchanan st.
R. G. WILKE. 900 Market it.
A— s36o: DYEING and cleaning store on Powell
St.; rent $35; first class; paying. Call WILKE,
906 Market st.
A— S6OO— RESTAURANT and oyster parlors;
choicest location; rent $35; dally receipts $25;
meals not less than 25c; bargain. R G
WILKE. 906 Market st.
$42.-O— MILK ranch in city: 64 cows, 7 horses, 3
wagons, farming utensils; everything com-
plete and in tip-top order; 48 cans; [.est class
trade; offer one of best ever made; positively
full value ln sight, with splendid business
thrown in; full investigation and trial If you
mean business; none but principals, ii
LESS, 765 Market st.
$4500— RESTAURANT and oyster house; Market
st.; magnificently fitted up private moms;
will easily clear $300 monthly; trial given if
yau mean business. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
$200— CORNER branch bakery in the Mlsslen;
4 living rms.; receipts from $12 to $14 per day;
rent cheap; old estab. M. LESS. 765 Market.
$400— BRANCH baker}', groceries, delicacies;
doing business $9 to $12 day; two weeks' trial
given; 5 living rooms; rent $20. JONES, 865
Market st.
A— CANDY store; best on Market St.; bargain.
COWING & CO., 995 Market st.
$".•00— CANDY store; -bargain; going East cause
of sale. McLAUGHLIN. & CO., 777 Market.
$1300— SNAP; saloon; best location .In city; near
Market St.; fine business. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
PAYING flrst-class restaurant In Palo Alto for
sale cheap. For Information apply to A.
STOLNER, 860 Howard St.. 10 a. m. to 3 p. m.
FIRST-CLASS paying barber shop; selling ac-
count of sickness. DENNISON. 783i_ Market.
COAL yard for sale. Apply at 629 Haight st.
SMALL laundry In country' town for sale
cheap. Address box 12, Valley Ford, Cal.
$200— PAINT shop: estab. 40 years; good stock; -
«ne tools. R. WILLIS, 928 Washington at. ]
BUSINESS CHANCES—
LAW & LOAN CO., Inc.— Capital $100,000; will
Invest your money on approved and guaran-
teed securities, paying monthly 1 per cent
net Interest: will prosecute or defend lawsuits
In all courts on contingent fees; employ able
counsel; advice free. 214 Pine St., room 64.
TO Small furn. drugstore and office of the
late Dr. J. M. O'Byrne; good opening for right
party. Inquire 52 Broad St.. Ocean *■ lew.
CHEMIST wanted as partner ln order to start
business. Box 892. CalL
SALOON for sale on account leaving; excellent
location; near S P R R station. 636 Third st,
BAKERY for sale; $S00; no wagon; all store
trade. Address box 899, Call office.
COAL yard for sale. 4SI Third su, corner of
Silver.
ELEGANT place for restaurant: connected
with lodging-house; north Market; 25 steady
boarders; must rent this week. Box 761, Call.
BRANCH bakery and notion store; 2 living
rooms. 805*4 Filbert st.
A FIRST-CLASS coffee and lunch place for
sale cheap: $2500. Address box 211. Call.
FURNITURE and good will of Hotel Bruns-
wick; doing splendid business; must sell on
account of death; $3200; terms, half down,
rest on time. Ad. Hotel Brunswick. Oakland.
FOR sale — A corner grocery and saloon; on ac-
count of sickness. Northeast corner Battery
! and Green sts.
i GOOD location for fruit store; fixtures In; two
rooms; rent reasonable. 290 Third aye., cor.
Clement: take Sutro car.
FOR sale— Bargain for the right party; corner
saloon, with lunch room; good selling reason;
no agents. 150 First st/. corner Natoma.
WOOD and coal yard; established; good loca-
tion; cheap rent. Box 795. Call offlce.
RESTAURANT outfits for sale. D. McRAE,
743 Mission st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 412 Sacramento st.
GOOD paying inside route for sale; this paper.
Apply Call offlce.
FOR sale— paying Inside route on this
paper. Apply Call office
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
GOOD second-hand phaeton, pneumatic tire
buggy and Frazier cart. O'BRIEN'S. 600
Golden Gate aye.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. ' 114» Folsom st.
CARPET HEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 3"3-3,"7 Tehama St.; tei. S. 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr., 3S-40 Sth St.; tei. South 250.
J McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson st. ; tei. South 223; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tei Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st. ; tei. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning, 3c per yard; t.l. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tei. East 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing: a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR,
Agent. Office and factory. 21 Spear st. '
CLAIRVOYANTS AND M IKITU ALISM.
MRsTdS. CLARK.
the well-known trance medium and clair- |
voyant, may be consulted on all affairs of ■
life. While entranced she will reveal every j
hidden mystery: she will show you how to j
overcome your enemies; remove family trou- I
bles; restore lost affections: unites the sep- i
arated; recovers lost, stolen or buried prop-
erty; locates trasures and minerals; tells
your entire life, past, present and future,
while in a perfect trance; perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail; send stamp for circular
with special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK,
205 Turk st. Always consult the best.
MRS. DR. DUMOND. _ ,
Eminent clairvoyant and medium, lately ar- .
rived from New York; truthful In her predlc-
tions; reliable In her advice; the distinguished
clairvoyant and medium; those in trouble or
who wish, to know their future should consult
this gifted medium on all matters of legiti-
mate business nature; mining, lawsuits, sepa-
rations love, matrimony, lost or stolen prop-
erty; full reading by mall, $1, from lock of
hair or photo; satisfaction guaranteed. Offlce
1130 Market St.. parlors 2 and 3.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, the celebrated test
medium life reader and medical clairvoyant;
sittings.' $1; diagnosis free; "new method"
treatment for chronic, private, obscure dis-
eases; she has the divine gift of clairvoyance
and never falls In her diagnosis; send stamp
for circular. 232 Stockton, bet. Post and Geary.
MADAME A. CERVANTES, the celebrated ,
Spanish fortune-teller, newly arrived. 8
Hayes St.. room 7. second floor.
MME. MELBOURNE, gifted clairvoyant; never ,
fails; satisfaction guaranteed; hours, 1-6 p.m., j
7-10 p. m. ; 25c and 50c. 612 - -. Eddy st.
EDWARD EARLE. independent slatewriter, |
330 Ellis St.; seance Scottish Hall, Sun. night.
MME. HANSON, palmistry. 10c; card reader;
past, present, future. 25c. 148 Sixth st., r. 12.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission. \
MLS. C. J. MEYER, trance circle to-day, 2-8 j
p.m..2t'c; test to all; readings daily.33s McAlst. [
PROF. Gee— Medium; read's, 50c. $l;test circles
Tues., Thurs., Fri.. 8 p. m.. 10c. 1035 Market.
GYPSY life reader; ratisfactlon guaranteed;
25c; reading by mall. $1. 9 Seventh st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry, 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c; dally, 10 a. m.
to 10 p. m. ; Sun., 7tolo p. m. 105 Larkin st.
MME SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 2.2*. Sixth st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
less successful. Room 310, 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
JONES, 2052— To rent, cottage of 4 rooms and
bath; hot and cold water; rent $14.
3 COTTAGES to let, furnished or unfurnished.
In San Quentln. 739 Pine st,
$15— COTTAGE, 5 rooms, bath; sunny yard;
large basement. Key at 711 Treat aye.
COTTAGES WANTED.
WANTED— By a German family of four adults,
a perfectly quiet cottage or flat of 6 rooms
and bath; no music no cars, no noises of
any kind; rent $25. Address A. B-, box 735.
Call office. ___________________
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
B. F. Dressmaking, Ladles Tailoring parlors;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 387 Geary; dresses
made $6 up; dresses made over: perfect flt.
DENTISTS.
A^d3_~t7~S?~hlgGlNS' dental parlors. 927
Market St., over Cafe Zilnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the best and most artistic
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from $1 up; other fillings from 60c;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain; plates that flt
from $4 50 up; flesh colored plates from $3 50
up; teeth without plates a specialty; open
evenings and Sundays.
A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry',
Synol. on application to the gums, removes
the pain; see our flesh colored plates, thinner
and stnmger than rubber, warranted for 20
years', crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 60; plates,
full set, $5; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; goW crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9a m. to 10 p. in.; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market st. . ' ■.■-
-OHIO Dental Parlors. Inc., 8 graduate opera-
tors; open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
MEYER— Deutscher Zahnarzt, 6 Turk; lst-class
work; prices reas.; gas; crown & bridge work.
DR. N. BAR DUE. r. 211. Examiner Bldg. ;
work reasonable; satisfaction guaranteed.
LOWEST prices In 8. F. ; work warranted . 10
years. N. Y. Dentists. 967 Mission, cor. 6th.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. ■
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. Ger___n~7-cj^ert^op«clan'
1071 ■_ Market at.. San Francisco; exam. free.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1899.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St., S. F. ;
practical courses ln bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.; new 80-p_ge catalogue free.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St., short-
hand, typewriting, bookkeeping, writing. Eng-
lish, telegraphy, under qualified teacher; low
rates; life scholarship, $50; catalogue.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College. 1236 Markt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, meeh. survey.assay.archl. ;day and" even. ;
est. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
MATHEMATICS, mechanics, steam, graphics,
etc.; circulars and specimen lesson papers;
evenings. 3040 Sixteenth st. ' - ;
M. G. BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal), instructs
In shorthand: pupils by mall. 302 Montgomery.
LAW Schools. 927 Market, S. F.. and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory of
Lelpslc; lessons 75c. 320 Golden Gate aye.
••EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busi-
ness College. 305 Larkin St., opp. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetlc.grammar. writing:
day and night: terms low. 1024 Mission. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tei. Black 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. OAKI, 30 Geary St.; tei. Grant 06.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce;
best help. 414V4 O'Farrell; tei. East 42*.
SAM KEE, 613 Bush; best Chinese help fur-
nished promptly. Telephone Red 1/31.
FIELD'S Employment Agency; help furnished
free. 655 Clay st. ; phone Davis 821.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires a situation,
also a first-class French cook, with, best city
references. MISS H. CULLINAN, 828 Sutter.
GERMAN woman wants steady situation as
first-class cook, carver and saleslady for del-
icacy store; best references. 512", Jessie St.,
near, Sixth. ■:' •■
REFINED German girl, speaking English,
wishes position us lady's traveling maid or
seamstress. 6 Post-street court.
DRESSMAKER, thoroughly competent, perfect
fitting, latest styles, costumes remodeled;
$1 26 per day. J. P., 501 Post St., room 34.
GERMAN woman wishes plain sewing to do at
home. 821 Mission St., room 1.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, competent nurse,
will take entire charge of Infant, young chil-
dren or chamber work; city or country; ref-
erence. 106 Hayes st.
COLORED woman wishes day work or wash-
ing to take home, or would take care of child
during the day. Address box 725, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a respectable woman
as nurse; would assist with other work;
good reference. 618 O'Farrell st.
WOMAN wants chamber work by the month
or housework by the day. Apply 331 Mc-
Allister st.
YOUNG woman wants position as working
housekeeper or will travel. Box 704. Call.
YOUNG lady, graduate In bookkeeping, will
give 1 or 2 months' service gratis for the ex-
perience. Address box 775. Call.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090 Va-
lencia St.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
A SOBER and reliable young ex-soldier with
no bad habits desires any such position as
Janitor or teamster: thoroughly acquainted
with the city: has references with two excel-
lent discharges and recommendations of his
honesty. Address H. GANZET, 408 Twenty-
second aye., city.
. •
SOBER, reliable man desires position as watch-
man or other steady employment; has ex-
cellent discharge from U. S. Marine Corps;
served on the flagship Olympia at the Battle
of Manila Bay. Box 888. Call.
YOUNG Danish coachman and gardener de-
sires situation In private place; can milk;
handy with tools; temperate habits: good ref-
erences. Address P. LUND, 360 Seventh st.,
Oakland.
MOTHER and daughter would like to take
charge of lodging house; city or country;
wages moderate. Address box 737, Call.
MAN and wife with one child would like to
take care of farm or private place in country;
wages $35 and found. Box 893, Call.
CHINESE flrst-class cook wants position In
family boarding house; cooking or saloon.
Address CHARLEY LUM, 813". Sacramento.
CARPENTER wants something to do ln the
line of carpentering. Address box 891. Call.
FIRST-CLASS butter maker and milker wants
position. Address H. ERKKINA, 607 Eddy st.
AN experienced bookkeeper wishes to get a po-
sition either in country or city; can furnish
good references as to ability and honesty.
Address box 6047, Call office, Oakland.
COMPETENT bread baker of large experience
would like position ln bakery; references.
Telephone Main ESSO.
YOUNG man. competent nurse and valet,
would like to care for Invalid. Address box
2SOB, Call offl-e.
YOUNQ man wishes position In a grocery and
saloon business or grocery alone; can give Al
references. Box 897, Call offlce.
JAPANESE man and wife would do housework
by day. Address SASAKI, 621 Jessie st.
COACHMAN; is a first-class all-round horse-
man; neat appearance and stylish driver; best
of city and San Mateo references. Address
box 734. Call.
CARPET cleaning wanted. HENRY ANDER-
SEN, 952 Bush St.; telephone East 963.
BUTCHER— cutter and salesman would
like employment. Address box 730, Call.
— MILK wagon driver; 3 years' city experi-
ence on double team; good driver; 23; Al city
refs. Box 756, Call, or 1601 Sanckez, after
7 d. m.
YOUNG man thoroughly acquainted with city
wishes situation to drive delivery wagon;
best of references. Address box 748, Call.
GERMAN man and wife want to get work ln
a hotel or lodging-house: city or country;
man good porter; wife good chambermaid;
can give good references. Address box 436,
Call office. ; _^
YOUNG man, 20 years of age, would like work
ln grocery or wholesale house. Call or ad-
dress 1505*. Franklin st.
YOUNG man wants labor work; Inside pre-
ferred. Box 252. Call office.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va-
lencla st. J
~ EXCHANGE. i
IN Berkeley New house 6" rooms and bath,
chicken and washhou.e; fine condition; value
$1600; will trade for city property with or
without Improvements. Address box 755. Call.
5-ROOM frame house for exchange for cigar
store. COWING A CO.. 995 Market st.
FINANCIAL.. ; ;
WANTED for cash— Old-line life Insurance
policies. A. T. KELLIHER. The Raymond,
Oakland. - ■ :
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
HEAVY matting, 10c per yard; linen warp. 15c;
tapestry Brussels carpet sewed.lald and lined.
f.Oc per' yard. EASTERN OUTFITTING CO..
1310-331- Stockton St.. nr. Broadway.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. '.127-11."! Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
$5000 CARPETS, furniture, etc.: highest price;
postal: COLEMAN. 1125 Mission st.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays
the highest price for your 2d-hand furniture.
WANTED— carpets.furniture.etc; highest
price paid; postal. M. Sllversteln.ll2l Market.
FLATS TO LET.
A SUNNY corner modern flat to Ist; 4 bay-
windowi 1 ; 7 rooms, bath, etc.; 3 minutes' walk
from Market and Valencia: moderate rent.
Apply 513 California, above Montgomery.
A SNAP— S rooms, bath; cor. Jones St.; $9.
SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st. _\
A MODERN flat: 7 rooms and bath. 735 Ellis
, st. ; rent reasonable. .
CAPP. 736, between Twenty-second and Twen-
ty-third; 4 sunny flats; 5 rooms, bath.
CAPP, 919— Elegant flat: 4 rooms and bath;
large basement; warm belt Mlseion.
CLAYTON, 872, south of Frederick— Modern
sunny flat; 8 rooms and bath; cheap. '
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10
Montgomery st. _* _^
FOR SALE; cheap; 3 good work mules. Apply
827 Noe st. -
FLATS TO LET.
HAVES, 658— Fine double flat; 8 rooms and
bath; yard and garden; reduced rent.
MCALLISTER, 1129— Upper flat; 7 rooms: with
light and sun; reasonable to good tenant.
PINE. 1228. near Hyde— Lower flat; 6 rooms;
yard : rent $16.
SACRAMENTO, 1002, above Powell— up-
per flat 6 rooms and bath.
SCOTT. 1713— Flat 5 rooms and bath to rent.
SEVEN rooms and 2 kitchens; modern: sunny
bay-windows; for 2 families. 417% Third st.
SEVENTH, 454, corner Bryant— s sunny rooms;
cheap. Apply between 1 and 3.
SHIPLEY. 2998, near Sixth— sl2 80; flat of 6
rooms and bath; gas; nice sunny yard.
TWELFTH. 322-Flat of J - rooms; stable If
required. -
* 2 o7_ S Jt OVEI - sun n>' rooms; gas; water; bath.
219 Elm aye., nr. Van Ness and Golden Gate.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
ASHBURY. Lower sunny furnished flat of
a rooms and bath; near Golden Gate Park.
FURRIERS, FURS, ETC
_'_ -3'? IC seal capes, Astrakan yokes. $10 to
$30. ROBT. WALLACE. 115 Kearny, top floor.
HELP WASTED AGENTS.
AGENTS everywhere to sell map of the battle-
fields In the Philippines; 46x64 inches in 6
colors, showing all the movements of Eighth
Army Corps. Write for particulars to P. E.
LAMAR 21 First St.. San Francisco.
GOOD reliable agents wanted to introduce a
2oc article. 126 Kearny st.. room 8.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO PHONE GRANT 185
♦ waitresses, north, $20; 4 waitresses, south,
$.0; 2 waitresses, short distance ln country,
$20, see party here at 10 o'clock to-day; 10
restaurant waitresses, $6, $9; 10 girls for gen-
eral housework, city and surrounding cities,
$25; 8 second girls, $20; girls to assist in
housework, $10. $12, $16. C. R. HANSEN A
CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— German cook. $36; Scandinavian
cook, $30; cook and helper for country hotel.
$45; German second girl, $20; French maid,
$25; 10 waitresses, $20 and $25; cook, nice re-
sort, $35; Ironer for country, $25; a number of
flrls for housework, city and country, $20 and
35; 10 second girls, $15 and $20. Apply J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— Experienced salesladies for art de-
partment. Apply at once HALE BROS, (inc.),
935-947- Market st.
WANTED— A girl to assist with cooking and
light housework. ISI7 Scott St., bet. Pine and
Bush.
FIRST-CLASS waist finishers and waist trim-
mers. MISS M. B. QUIGG, 406 Sutter St.,
room 39.
WANTED— Finishers on ladles' Jackets; good
pay. MEYER BROS.. 7 and 9 Batten' st.
EXPERIENCED sewer on corded underskirts;
work ln factory or home. 579 Mission st.
GIRL to wash dishes; small; for restaurant.
348 Third st.
YOUNG girl for general housework; wages $15.
1124 Greenwich St.. near Hyde.
COLORED or Swedish girl In small family. 3
Sellna pi., off California st., above Dupont.
GIRL wanted to wait on table; German pre-
ferred. Call at 8 Golden Gate aye.
YOUNG Protestant girl for housework and
cooking; wages $20. Apply 1120 O'Farrell st.
GIRL from 15 to 19 for second work In coun-
try; $15. 241 Third st.
NEAT girl; housework for two; $10; call after
2 p. m. 1111 Shotwell st.
IN small restaurant; wash dishes, help ln
kitchen; good wages. 1628 Polk st.
YOUNG German girl or woman to help In res-
taurant; steady Job; no waiting. 25 Taylor.
GIRL or middle-aged woman to attend baby
and light housework. 404 Capp st., near 19th.
YOUNG girl to care for boy 5 years; sleep
home, Call 9 to 3 at 562 Mission st.
GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS!
LEVI STRAUSS A CO., 32»_ Fremont St.,
are putting In the very best sewing ma-
chine* and will take ln several hundred more
operators on overalls; good wages. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
IRONERS, IRONERS, IRONERS.
Flrst-class Ironers wanted at La Grande
Laundry. 12th, bet. Howard and Folsom;
highest wages paid. Apply at once at laundry.
APPRENTICES on shirts and overalls; paid
while learning. Standard Shirt Factory,
Gough and Grove sts.
FIRST-CLASS cutter on ladies* tailor-made
suits; must have reference. Address box
2810, Call.
WANTED— girl for light housework;
small family. Apply 225 Laguna st.
WANTED— for general housework; plain
cooking. Apply at 2143 Larkin st.
WANTED— Neat young girl for light seoond
work; wages $10. Appply 2418 Gough _t.
WAITRESS wanted. 631 Clay st.
WANTED— GirI for housework ln bakery;
wages $10. 2808 Twenty-fourth St.
GERMAN or Swedish girl for general house-
work: cooking. Apply 609 Franklin st.
GOOD finisher on pants; $9 a week. 104 Kearny
St.. top floor.
APPRENTICES, finishers and buttonhole
makers wanted: custom work. 509 Kearny
St., room 2. . •■.•'- •.?'
GIRLS to learn glove making and experienced
operators on French overstltch. 121 Grant ay.
WANTED— reliable woman for general
housework and cooking. Apply bet. 1 and 3
at 925 O'Farrell st.
SOLICITORS: salary at start and big commis-
sion; call this morning. Room 33. 26 O'Farrell.
WANTED— Experienced ironers at U. S. Laun-
dry, Sixteenth and Valencia sts.
WANTED— 4 ladies who want to make $10 a
week. Call 114 Jones st., San Francisco.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School gives a
thorough, artistic course. 103 Post St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
* ... ■
HELP WANTED MALE.
C. R. HANSEN A CO PHONE GRANT 185
3 pastry cooks and bakers, hotels, $35, $50 and
$75; 4 second cooks, $40, $60 and $65; confec-
tioner and cake baker, $18 a week; 6 cooks, $3
and $10 a week; 6 waiters, $25 and $30; 20 veg-
etablemen, dishwashers and kitchen hands,
$20, $25 and $30: cook, R R camp, $50; neat
barkeeper, $50; 2 bellboys, $10 and $15; handy
man with tools, country hotel, $30 and found;
porter for springs, $20. C. R. HANSEN . &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
GANG edgerman, $65; blacksmith, country. $2 50
a day; wheelwright. $40: 25 quarry laborers,
country, $2 a day, free fare; 25 laborers, city
and country, $2 a day; 10 woodsmen, $26 to
$35, fare advanced: 20 tunnel men, teamsters
and laborers for the Valley road, $2 and $2 50
a day, free fare; farmers, milkers, choremen
and others. C. R. HANSEN. & CO.. 104 Geary.
FREE FARE. ...COAST ROAD.. ..FREE FEE
Teamsters, laborers; ship Monday and Tues-
day. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 104 Geary st.
2 FRENCH or German cooks, country hotel,
_ $60 and $40. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
HOTEL Gazette Employment Bureau, 26 Mont-
gomery St.— Steward,- $50; pastry cook, $50;
cook for lunch counter. Nevada, $50, fat-
here. MRS. M. E. DAY, manager. .'-/.
COATMAKERS wanted. Apply CARLSON-
CURRIER CO.. 6 Sutter st.
COATMAKER and general tailor for country.
Apply REISS BROS., 24 Sutter st.
WANTED— First-class ladles' tailors; highest
wages. FRANCES. 796 Sutter st.
WANTED— Cook at 625 Davis St.
WANTED— Cook; call at 10 a. m. 145 Larkin
street. -Vc:-»_ V- :.".•. -
GOOD men for brickyard; South San Francisco,
San Mateo County..
WANTED— A boy to feed a Gordon press. 34
California st., upstairs.
WANTED— Dishwasher; $3. 680 Fourth st.
WANTED— Lunch waiter at 258 First st.
FIVE laborers at corner Polk and McAllister
streets. -
WANTED— First-class operator and tailor; call
at once. 135 Natoma st.
YOUNG man, 16 to 20 years old, for assistant
cutter. BAUER BROS.. 21 Sansome st.
WANTED— shoemakers and patches
: machine. 830 Broadway.
GOOD restaurant cook. 1008 Hyde St., near
Pine.
NIGHT cook and second cook at 1390 Turk St.,
city.
HELP WANTED — MALE. ,
MURRAY & READY. .......PHONE MAIN 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANTED TO-DAY, 7 A. M
Help for Utah, Oregon, Washington, Ha-
waiian Islands. Arizona, British Columbia,
all parts of California _
4 milk wagon drivers, cltv
;•••••• ........$4O, $35. $30. $25 and found
3 milkers, same dairy, country. :.s2s and found
3 Iron molders, city ..2 bedmakers
BLACKSMITHS CARPENTERS
16 carpenters, Shasta mountains $3 day
12 blacksmiths, horseshoers and helpers, $2 50,
$2 day, $45, $50, $30 and found..'.... machinists
......TO THE FARMS, DAIRIES. ETC......
12 harvest hands, fare $1..51 60 day and found
26 farmhands $35, $30 $24, $20 and found
14 milkers $30, $25 and found
12 choremen and b0y5... 520, $15, $8 and found
•••• STABLEMAN, DRILLERS
12 stablemen $35, $30. $25, $20 and found
2a drillers, free fare $2 25, $2 60, $2 75 day
cornerman, benchhands, muckers, etc., wheel-
wrights, woodturners $3 day
• HARNESS MAKERS
harness maker for a camp $35 and found
:;••;■•• IN SAN FRANCISCO... •••
95 laborers and teamsters, many to board
home, others with board, $2 day, $35, $30 per
month and board. Come and see us
.....587 POSITIONS NOT ADVERTISED
6 farmers and wives; 3 milkers and wives, $40
and found. MURRAY A READY, 634 and
636 Clay st.
GOOD -WAGES GET GOOD HELP......
25 laborers, ne experience, fare 80c... $60
12 laborers, fare $1 50 '. ...$6O
15 teamsters, fare 75c ....$2 25 a day
25 4-horse teamsters $34 and found
164 laborers and teamsters tor. all parts of
California, wages $3 50, $8, $2 60, $2, $1 76 a
day, MURRAY A READY. 634 and 636 Clay.
COOKS WAITERS OTHER HELP
14 cooks .....$5O, $40, $35, $30. $25 and found
14 waiters, 1 head waiter.. s3o, $25, $20 and fd.
19 dishwashers. ...s3o, $25, $20. $15 and found
9 porters, laundrymen. coatmakers.
BAKERS, ETC
6 bakers, small country shops, $40 and found;
12 second, third, fourth hands. $30. $25, $20,
$15 and found. MURRAY _. READY. 634 and
63* Clay st. j
WE PAY YOUR FARES
TO 38 SAWMILLS. ETC.
NO EXPERIENCE WANTED.
197 MEN FOR 60 DIFFERENT JOBS.
FROM LABORERS TO RUN MACHINES.
Wages from $26 to $40 and found.
Also lumber pliers, crosscut sawyers.
Tree fellers, bark peelers, Jackscrewers,
Woodsmen and mill men of every descrip-
tion. $SO, $75. $65. $50, $45, $40, $30 and found;
woodchoppers, tlemakers, shingle bolt mak-
ers, picket makers, etc.. by the hundreds.
WE SHIP MURRAY & READY,
TO-DAY 634 and 636 Clay st.
9 GOLD MINES.
4 SILVER MINES.
23 OTHER MINES.
25 miners ...$3 50 a day
184 laborers ("no experience wanted"), $57 per
month, including board and lodgings
25 laborers, fare $1 60, No. 1 mine .....$6O
16 laborers, fare $2 50, No. 1 mine, $34 and
found: 27 laborers, large mine $63
GREAT CROWDS. .MURRAY & READY,
GOING DAILY.... 634 and 636 Clay st.
WE SHIP YOU FREE
TO EVERY R. R. BUT ONE
DRILLERS. STONEMASONS
Hammersmen. laborers, teamsters, section
help; wages from $3 50 day: board, bed, etc.,
$4 60 weekly
....(WE DON'T SHIP TO COAST R. R)....
MURRAY * READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
A— BARBER. $50, country shop. MURRAY &
READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
WANTED— 2 plain painters, $2 to $2 25 day;
miners, $2 25 and $2 50 day; stableman, $35 and
found: butcher boy. $15 and found; farmers;
farmer and wife, $35; 100 laborers for mines,
quarries, mills and other work.' $1 75 and $2
day. and many others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 623 Sacramento st.
WANTED First-class barkeeper, lunch coun-
ter man, »40; Japanese cook for hotel, $40:
bellboy, $13; boarding-house cook. $40; baker
. for miners' . boarding-house, $40 and found;
waiters' and many others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— 2 dishwashers for nice restaurant
and coffee house In the city. $25. J. F. CRO-
SETT _ CO., U2S Sacramento st.
WANTED — Second hand baker for country
shop, short distance, $35 and found; milker
end wife as cook on dairy, $40 and found; 10
laborers for mine, steady Job, $25 to $30 and
board; farmers, milkers, cooks, waiters and
dishwashers: 10 laborers for mills and woods.
W. D. EWER/& CO.. 610 Clay st. _
MAN and wife, country. $40: woman must be
a good cook: see gentleman here at 8:30 a.
m. to-day. MISS 11. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter.
WANTED — An up-to-date young man to so-
licit city orders for wines and liquors from
the trade, families and other legitimate
sources; must be In the business now; no
back number; state amount of trade, ex-
penses and salary' required: must furnish
bond. Address O. P. S., P. C. box 2513.
MAN (German preferred) to do general work
at small place across the bay; good home;
small wages. Apply between 13 and 1 o'clock
at 603 California st., room 509.
WANTED— Steady man to collect and make
himself useful; light work; must be satisfied
with $15 per week and have $76 cash. Apply
1032 Market St., room 4.
REPAIR shop machinist— Christian young man
—If not satisfactorily employed, may hear of
what Is desirable. Address R. S. E., box
739. Call.
WANTED— men to try our 15c breakfast,
dinner or supper; best In city. 406 McAllister
St., near Polk.
GOOD barber, Saturday and Sunday, $4. 222
Montgomery aye.
WANTED— Barber for Saturday. U2A First St.
BARBERS— 2 barbers wanted. 703 Howard st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday;
steady. 528 Broadway.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
84S Valencia st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday. 217 Fourth
street. t : . "' ■• '
BARBER for Saturday from 11 to 10; $2. 619
Kearny St., near California.
'GOOD barber; steady Job for right htan. 252
Ellis st.
GOOD barber' for Saturday from 10 a. m. ;
wages $2 50- 90S 1 . Howard st.
WANTED— An errand boy at 682 McAllister
st. : call after 8 a. m.
WANTED— Feeder for lltho. press. Apply at
422 Commercial st. • . » r
TWO • DISTRIBUTORS.
Apply at once at La Grande Laundry. Twelfth
St., bet. Howard and Folsom.
TO Tailors — Good coatmakers wanted. Apply
at 11 a. m. at the Stevenson-st. entrance.
CHAS. LYONS. London Tailor. 721 Market st.
BUSHELMAN wanted. Apply after 9 a. m. to
CHAS. LYONS. London Tailor, 721 Market st.
TAILORS— makers wanted for places In
the country. Apply to STEIN. SIMON A CO.,
Market and Second sts., San Francisco.
WANTED— man for this community: $15
weekly; state age and former employment.
Globe Co., 723 Chestnut St.. Philadelphia, Pa.
MACHINE edge trimmers and setters, trim-
ming cutter and bottom finishers. ■ Wentworth
Shoe Co.. 119 Pine st.
WANTED— at 3281 Mission St.; good
repairer; steady Job. -.•_•- :,:■
GOOD coat maker wanted. THOS. E. KENT
121 Post St.. third floor.
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ.
Employment Secy., 630 Marke\ downstairs.
YOUNG man used to drive milk wagon: ref-
erences required. JAMES KENNY, Silver
aye., near Mission road.
BARBERS— shop at a bargain: cause
sickness; make offer. BERNARD, 104 Seventh.
800 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 26c
to 50c. 562 Mission at., het. Ist and 2d sts.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices, $1
a week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny st.
YOUNG man to learn dentistry. NEW YORK
DENTISTS, 969 Mission st,, cor. Sixth.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired: constant practice; expert Instruction;
lectures on dermatology; Saturday wages;
call or write for free Illustrated catalogue.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 6*5 Clay st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week. . '
MEN and women wanted to learn barber trade
ln 6 weeks: expert Instructions; Saturday
wages:- call or write for catalogue. S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 741 A Howard st.
PENSIONS-J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attor-
neys. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free emplov-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tei. Jessie 153.
FIRST-CLASS furnishing goods salesman and
window dresser. Apply box 2272. Call.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c, 15c and 25c
per night. Llndell, 6th and Howard; read. rm.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a. night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third' St., near Mar-
ket:.7oO rooms. 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
— ■ ■ — — — —
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc—For Sale
REGULAR I weekly! auction sale TUESDAY at
11 o'clock at the Ormonde Sale Stables, 1517-
-1619 Mission st., between Eleventh and
Twelfth, of choice, sound, well-broke young
horses Just from the country; we will be
pleased to hitch and show the above stock
In harness any time up to day of sale. S.
WATKINS A CO.. auctioneers. N. B.— Sales
of horses direct from the country every Tues-
day at 11 a. m.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.
50 HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1621
and 1625 Market St., between Twelfth and
Brad ; also some fine matched black teams.
FOR sale A number of work, road and busi-
ness horses. Tomklnson's Livery Stable. 57
Minna st., bet. First ami Second.
FOR sale, cheap— 3 good work mules. 337 Noe
street.
$15— FOR - sale— horse. Apply at Horse
Clipper's 22 Golden Gate aye.: tei. South 342. 1
— — — — — . — _____■—_————— i ————————————^_ _______
HOUSES LODGING FOR SALE.
A— KR__DO~_M-C^rrr7T!77r?r.72-H GEArTsT.
Money to Loan at Low Rates. .
27 rooms; near Kearny; clears $100 $1100
60 rooms: rent $100; clears $300 '. 3500
48 rooms; good; present owner 7 years... 2500
40 rooms; best paying In city; Third st... 1400
15 rooms; bay-window corner; transient.. 500
18 rooms; new and nice; near Market.... 1100
18 rooms; best on Geary; make offer.
9 rooms; nr. University. Berkl'y; br'dg. 375
11 rooms; O'Farrell; clears $50 .700
Many others; call for list. KREDO & CO.
$250— LODGING house; bargain this day. Mc-
LA UGH LIN A CO.. 777',. Market st.
HOUSE of 14 rooms; must sell this week
on account of sickness. 225 Mason st.
HOWARD, 704. cor. 3d— Nice cor. house; good
location; full; cheap; account retiring. '•
$650— House. 12 rooms; Van Ness near Grove.
Address box 1348. Call office. ;
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
TO RENT— Eastlake cottage. 1214 Fell St.,
containing 5 rooms, laundry and all modern
Improvements: large garden In rear; part of
furniture for sale at a bargain. Apply at
premises or MADISON & BURKE, 62* Mar-
ket st.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN St HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
9-ROOM lodging-house, with private entrance
In rear; newly painted, papered. 313% O'Far-
rell St.. near Mason. Apply 15 Grant aye.
$12 50—11 SUNNY room., bath; barn; garden;
chicken yard; at West Berkeley; railroad sta-
tion 1 block; 40 minutes from city. Inquire
WM. HENDRICKSON & CO., 614 Call bldg.
6 ROOM house and bath. 729 Laurel aye., near
Turk and Buchanan.
HOUSES TO — FURNISHED.
BEAUTIFUL corner residence of 14 rooms, bll-
llard-rooms, etc., elegantly furnished; located
ln the most desirable portion of the Western
Addition, between Van Ness aye., Gough,
Fills and Geary sts.: all sunny rooms: garden
and lawn front, sides and rear. DAVIDSON
& LEIGH, agents, 30 Montgomery st.
HOUSES WANTED.
A SUNNY modern 9-room house for 3 adults-
carpeted and range: vicinity of Sutter and
Octavla sts. Box 896. Call.
LOST AND FO-ND.
LOST— silk umbrella, on October 12. 1899:
said umbrella bearing Initials "H. S. D."
Return to room 331 Pheian building and re-
ceive $5 reward.
$75— 1*4-CARAT diamond ring; lost between
Del Monte saloon on Grant aye. and Popular
restaurant, Geary st. Return to 218 Post st.
FOUND — bank checks; property. Fred-,
crick McGregor, CC6 Montgomery St., room 21.
MONEY to loan; quick; all propositions; small
or large. KLOTH. 220 California St.. r. 7.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH, ladles' physician; consul-
tation free; home in confinement; guaranteed
treatment at office, $5. 942 Post St.. between
Hyde and Larkin; hours, 10 to 5, 7 to 8.
A STRICTLY private confinement home; sunny
rooms: best of care: nice garden. DR. AND
MRS. WEGENER, phone Pine 2781; residence,
1312 Golden Gate aye,
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' physician, 1122 Mar-
ket st., bet. Mason and Taylor; guaranteed
treatment at office, $5; hours 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
DRS. GOODWIN, formerly of 401 Van Ness aye.
and 1362 Market St., has returned from Eu-
rope and is now at 118 Eddy st.
MRS. DR. GWYER. ladle? physician. 510
Eddy st., bet. Hyde and Larkin.
DR. POPPER, ladles' practical physician for
37 years. 318 Kearny st; consultation free.
MRS. ALLEN, ladles' physician, 228 Van Ness
aye.. bet. Hayes and Grove; 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
MRS. DR. DAVIES. ladies' physician. 1228
Market st., bet. Taylor and Jones.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor/ treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MINES AND MINING.
DRIFT gravel mines and partly developed
quartz mines for sale at low figures; may be
paid for out of proceeds; purchaser may deal
with owner direct; also placer ground open
to location. W. F. ARAM. Mills building.
W. F. ARAM, mining attorney, room 40, Bth
floor. Mills building, S. F. : tei. Main 844.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc
INTOSH Sc WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, offlce furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
st., above Sixth.
COMPOUND condensing Corliss engine and
boilers. Krogh Mfg. Co., Stevenson st. .'■-.■;•.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
FINE sealskin Jacket, perfectly new, latest
style, for $110; cost $200. UNCLE HARRIS,
15 Grant aye. • .:__s*B
FOR — Two oak cabinet-maker's benches;
cheap. 1823 -Fifteenth st.
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes:
specie chests: bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market St.. S. F., Cal.
FRESH snowballs— "T. Carr" and all brands
English fire brick, fire clay, brick dust. S. R.
CHURCH. 307 Sansome St., tei. Main 5086.
FOR SALE— Second-hand shaftings, pulleys,
hangers. 1 saw table, one Sturtevant blower.
ROBERTS,. 1613 Market st.
BARS, counters, shelving, showcases bought and
sold. EIBEN, 1118 Mission; Tel. Jessie 1163.
8 HOISTING engines. 3 steamers. 5 locomotives,
110 cars and all machinery used on Eureka
Breakwater. J. B. JARDINE. 220 Fremont.
FINE singing canaries for sale cheap. 722
Hayes st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
A— s3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Pop-
ular' Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
SIX h. p. gasoline engine: also 15 h. p. portable
boiler, engine. Krogh Mfg. Co.. Stevenson st.
2D-HAND doors, lumber, sash, etc., for sale
cheap; old houses bought, rem'd. 8 Valencia.
DO you know of tools or machinery for sale?
EPSTEIN, 648 Mission, pays good commission.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. Mange Cure at all drug- '
gists or at the Dog Hospital. '
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies.
boilers and engines. H. S. White. 516 Mission. I
BOILERS, engines lathes, wood planers, 12 and J
24 In.; gas eng., id hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale. |
DRESS pants, $2 75: fine suit. $10. MISFIT,
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— To hire. 100 flrst-class scraperteams '
with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B. I
STONE. Elmhurst. •
200 FULL-BLOODED white Leghorns, Dorklns.
Spanish: lowest price. A. H., Call, Oakland. '
WANTED— and tea bins; also coffee mill
and scales. Apply Call ofllce.
GOOD hunting dog and gun; must be cheap for
cash. IS East st.
Ladies' or gents' clothing, furniture bought,
sold: tei. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
OLD gold, gold dust. ' platinum and silver
bought. H. Lam*eo'-er A Co.. 113 Montgomery.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount of furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good f.curlty; payable
back In Installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan a« long as you de-
sire; avoid ted tape and publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 68-69 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist,' 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interests, real estate ln pro-
. bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
. lay; get"my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 8.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
. pianos- no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st. y
MONEY TO LOA^*
f7)r^cs~oV7urnlture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
L ?andor n Alameda at lowest rates without
removal- no commission, no aeiajs. j.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY nroDosltion- any amount; 6 per cent; first
A seco_a°n 0 or ? es estates In probate .uteres
in estates, legacies, life Insurance, -na.iei
mortgages; confidential: advice free G E.
OLSEN. room 16. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
AVOID delays: try all others, 'hen see me^sso to
IiOOCOO- 6 per cent; Ist. 2d or chattel mort-
"e-tatet in probate, undivided Interests in
and money and mortage; -bought; advice
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. 636 Marltt.
LAW and Loan Co. (lnc!)-Capltal $100,000; loan
L m^ne a y on any kind of security; prosecute or
defend lawsuits In all courts on contingent
fees: employ able counsel Legal advice free
by mail or at office. 214 Pine St.. room 64.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to j ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates Baldwin»Jewelry
Store. 846 Market st.; telephone Main 1644.
branch 19 Third st. ,
LOANS on real estate. Ist or 2d mortgages, and
on furniture or pianos: no removal; in b. *.
or Alameda Co. BECKER, 26 Montgomery st.
MONEY to loan: quick: all propositions: small
or large. KLOTH, 220 California St.. room 7.
LOANS on furniture, pianos. Jewelry.stock; low
rates. J. H. EDSON, 1209 Broadway, Oakland.
! A RELIABLE place to borrow money^ on <_|a-
monds. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN, 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without lndorser. TOUSLEY. 592 Parrott big.
IF your property ls mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $3
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
15 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland '■■ .
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S
26 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A FEW GOOD BARGAINS.
Chickering, Curtaz, Steinway, Steck; condi-
tion good as new; easy payments. BENJ.
CURTAZ) & SON. Chlckering agents, 16-18-20
O'Farrell st. —
BARGAINS for to-day at MAUVAIS. 769 Mar-
ket st: Upright piano for $100, $160. $1(5,
$250, $325. ,
FINE Decker piano in walnut case; great bar-
gain; at MAUVAIS, 769 Market st. _
BEAUTIFUL upright piano, cheap for cash.
Apply 2460 Market st., near Fifteenth.
BARGAIN— Good upright: cheap. SCHMITZ, 16
McAllister St., next Hibernia Bank.
A FINE Steinway upright; cheap for cash.
Room 12. Flood building. 4th and Market sts.
A— UPRIGHTS $69 up; Installments. $5 75 up;
rents. $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine, 136 Ellis.
W. G. BADGER 412 Sacramento st., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos,
GOOD piano in storage on sale cheap for cash.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market st.
A— sBs UPRIGHT piano ln fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
CHEAP Steinway upright: also the famous
Hornung Bros.' pianos. 216 McAllister st.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Post st.
WANTED— 2 Square Pianos and 4 Cabinet Or-
gans. BYRON MAUZY. '308 Post st.
KNABE pianos; new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MILLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO __ET.
FOR rent or for lease. 553 Howard st. large
store and large concrete basement.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD, pupil of Count St. Ger-
main. 616 Geary St., above Jones; classes;
office hours. 1 to 8 p. m. : reading by mail. $1.
. — — ._■_— —__■_. ■_■_■_■___■ —__■
PERSONALS.
LEDERER, the popular hairdresser— Halrdress-
ing, 25c; shampoo, 50c; switches. $1 up; mani-
curing, 25c; bleaching roots of hair, 50c; long
hair. 75c. G. LEDERER. 128 Stockton st.
LEDERER' S QUINTONICA cleanses the scalp,
softens and gives fine gloss to the hair; 36c
bottle. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
CARPENTER SHOP.
Estimates furnished on all kinds of work,
roofing, etc. MUNRO & CO.. tei. Jackson 629.
JOHN L BOONE. I Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law. and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St.. Laws a Specialty
San Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Send for circular. I Patents Solicited.
ASSORTMENT of Imported and domestic rem-
nants for suits to order, $10 75; pants, $3 75:
nothing higher. One-Price Tailoring Co., 1644
Market St.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WORKS of art worth $100,000 on exhibition at
Palace of Art, 16 Post st. Ladies with escorts
admitted from 8:30 p. m. to 11:30 p. m. E.
HAQUETTE.
DR. C. A. McQUESTEN has returned and re-
sumed practice. Offlce. 317 Powell st.
A. KLEIN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools
and old gold; send for him. 109 Sixth st
MARRIAGE bureau; estab. ISS7; reliable and
confidential; lists 10c. Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
FRINGES, braids, beads and jewels made to
order. ETTINGER'S, 723 Market st.
ANTIQUE and curiosity shop; goods bought,
sold, exchanged. 525 Dupont St., nr. Cal.
MRS.D.J.WHEELOCK has removed La Verite
Parlors to 1140 Market; phone Folsom 446.
PAINTING and paper hanging: rooms papered.
$2 50 up. JENSEN & BATH. 308 Sixth St.
INCRUSTATION— New invention for china dec-
orators. See S. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansome st.
"BALL-BEARING" sewing machines; no fric-
tion. White Sewing Machine Co., 300 Post st.
MME. LOUISE'S manicure parlor has removed
from O'Farrell to 132 Eddy st.
MLLE. CLAIRE BERTRAND. manicure par-
lors. 238 Kearny st., first floor, rooms 2-3.
JAMES A. SORENSON. watchmaker and Jew-
eler, removed to 103 Sixth St., near Mission.
LACHMAN & CO.. mfrs. of fine furs and seal
garments; also remodeling. 104 Kearny st.
RUPTURE, piles cured; examination free.
Drs. Mansfield & Porterfleld, S3S Market st.
HIRSUTINE Co., hair specialists, grow hair
or no pay; book for stamp. 6 Eddy st.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
ing, call on B. COHEN, 157 Third St.
RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife; no injec-
tion; guarantd. Dr. Gordln, 514 Pine, ab. Krny.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
WANTED— gold for manufa'ng. O. Nolte
Jeweler. 24S O'Farrell. bet. Powell A Mason!
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year!
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
FINEST and fullest stock; square deal and
prompt service; country orders our specialty
catalogue free, Cal. Camera Co.. 22 Geary St.*
— - !
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. offlc<> ana residence.
mm Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
FOR SALE— business corner; 100x100 with
Improvements; SW. cor. 17th and Church sts •
$13,500: very cheap. GEO W H Pattpb
SON & CO.. 17C6 Market st. ' ' * rA -- i *' '
FOR sale— Business property on Howard st
near Fourth; renting for $130 per month. Sea
Bew Drug Company, Alameda. ■
NEW house: must be removed account Santa
Fe railroad depot. 21 Bryant near Main
2 LOTS near Mission St., $600 cash or install-
ments; must sell. Apply at 1297 Folsom st
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west or First .aye.. and *' ou wish 0 a sell them
_ call on W. J. GUNN, 410 Mon.gomerjr st ,
C . I!: P i l L nnd beBt ln America— The Weekly
£ kJ G a?*-.*-*- 8 ' sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY Fop Sale
LOVELY location; 38 acres; 34 miles from San
Francisco; many houses; flowing wells; or-
vl'S ,;.iy.. m -£ 0 a ' near depot; near Newark;
part credit. X. -_. box 900. Call.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
W ,S _ T r.__"i' c J'°, v wort "^ob"'to~exchan_e'lor
nice Oakland lots? Box 770. Call ____•!ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
F.RYAXT. ll'l, cor. i-th st.— Three front rooms,
furnished complete for housekeeping; cheap.
BUSH, CC3— Parlor floor, 3 sunny rooms, un-
furnished, rent 18; also 2 furnished rooms lor
housekeeping; *15.
CLAY. 2421, in rear, near Fillmore 2 unfur-
nished upper rooms; water; rent $7.
EDDY, 613— Nicely furnished suit of housekeep-
ing rooms: three closets; sun all day; de-
sirable location: references required.
EDDY, f>ol— 2 sunny furnished front rooms,
complete for housekeeping.
EIGHTH. 318. nenr Market-Two sunny double
front parlors, with kitchen and bathroom;
furnished for housekeeping; private family.
ELEVENTH. 120-3 sunny furnished rooms;
modern conveniences ; $15. ;., \;i:.
ELLIS. 323—2 nicely furnished rooms, complete
lor housekeeping: also sunny parlor.
FIFTH. 35S— Furnished housekeeping; 2 con-
necting, $13; also single, $3 to $7.
FOLSOM. 10. >T— Two sunny rooms, furnished
complete for housekeeping. $2 per week.
FOURTH, 22". — Furnished rooms for light
housekeeping; also single.
HOWARD. 646 — 2 large rooms for housekeeping,
•with bath.
HOWARD. Furnished rooms, from $1
week up; also housekeeping, 2! 75 to $3.
HYDE, S— 2 sunny unfurnished rooms for house -
keeping! reference required.
LARKIN,' 32"- Clean, sunny housekeeping
apartments; $18 to $25 month; central.
MASON,. 211: Nice sunny rooms; housekeeping
privilege; centrally located; pnee reasonable.
MINNA 739— Nice sunny room for light house-
keeping.
MISSION, 1135— Bay window, three connecting
rooms, complete for housekeep'g: folding bed.
OAK. lis Newly furnished bay window suite;
single bay window ro_>m; use of kitchen;
gas; bath. ■
BACRAMENTO. 1514 -Largo and small rooms,
nicely furnished, clean, sunny; excellent lo- '
cation: private house; gentlemen or light
housekeeping. j
THlRD.3l6— llouaekeoplng rooms, single or In
suite.
TWELFTH. 120— X'lcely furnished gunny front
and back parlor and kitchen; also a suite; gas
ranges; select locality; private family.
VAN NESS aye., 400— Complete for housekeep-
ing, I large corner rooms; sun all day; sta-
tionary tubs; fine yard.
VAN NESS. 1021— Finely furnished sunny
suites for housekeeping; also single rooms.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptlcns has beer established at 10*.. Va-
:-:■ ir. St. •'
■w— w— i i i ■— _■ — — . — — _■ ;j_____g"__g ■— —^— »
ROOMS TO — Para, and t'nfurn.
A BRANCH otfice for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest Corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. ( 'pen till it p. m.
AN up- to ' new fire-proof building— "San
Antonio": opening Oct 14; electric elevator;
hot and cold water; radiators and coai grates;
rates reasonable. 21 Taylor St., near Market.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14. Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house: modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms 50c to $130 day. MRS. J. KlN''..
AT 52 Second St., double rooms for week, $1 50
to $3: single, $1 to -.1 50; day, ;5c to Boc.
BURNETT. 142" Market (old No. 136. Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 1124-Sunny rooms; $?. $10; bath, grate,
running water; grounds.
BUSH. 2017. between Webster and Buchanan-
Large comfortable front- room; very reason-
able.
I CARROLTON. ISO. Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye. — Sunny corner; well furn. rma A offices.
EDDY. 123 (United States Hotel)— Clean, neat
rooms; $1 50 week up; elevator day and night.
EDDY 532— Sunny furnished front room, $5 per
month. . * -■ -
ELLIS, 321 (Roeedale House)— Nice rooms, 25c
a night. $1 a week up; reading room.
ELLIS, 50. Nice Bunny rooms, back and front;
reasonable: gents preferred.
ELLIS, 61S— l_arce sunny rooms, single or en
suite. everything new.
ELI GC»7— Nicely furnished sunny rooms; de-
' sirable location; rates reasonable.
ELM aye.. 1J24, near Scott— Sunny furnished
front room to let.
GEARY." "4OS (The Xavarre)— Comfortable furn.
rooms; travelers accommodated. MRS. HYKH.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. U29— 3 nice rooms, with
carpet, pantry, bath, and water free; $14.
GRAND SOUTH ERX— Southeast cor. Seventh
iand Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House. 7SI Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to >■ per week.
HOWARD. 715 — 200 sunny rooms; nicely fur-
nished; every convenience; electric lights,
HUGHES House, 214 Third— Newly renovated;
25c to 50c per night; $1 50 to $3 per week.
LARKIN, 804- Sunny furnished front, 1 or 2
persons, $" 50; sunny small room, $4.
MARKET, 1035— Elegantly furnished sunny j
front rms.: mod. com.; best location In city.
MARKET, 1037U— Epworth— En suite or tingle;
ladles', gent's parlors, heated, $5 to $20 month:
clean, respectable; new management ; light .
housekeeping; kitchen with range; bath.
McALLISTER, 412— Elegant sunny rooms for j
gentlemen; bath: Inquire first floor.
McALLISTER, 515— Nicely furnished rooms to !
let; rent reasonable.
McALLISTER. 510— Nicely furnished sunny '
rooms; running water; 10 and $8.
McALLISTER, 702 V. —Sunny furnished or un-
furnished rooms; suite or Ingle; private fam.
MINN. 067. corner Eighth— Xewly furnished
bay-window room; $i per week; transient.
MISSION, 1150— Nice sunny rooms; good loca-
tion: quiet and homelike.
MISSION, 126IA— Nice sunny parlor room; bath,
gas, piano; new building; $10.
NEATLY furnished room, near Columbia i
square, J' 50 per month. Address box BOT, Call.
"NEWPORT." 21 Franklin, nr. Market— Large
bay-win. rms. and single. $8 up. also hkpg.
oak; 3S5— Nicely furnished sunny room; prl-
vate family; gas; bath; cheap. __^
O'FARRELL. 821— Nice sunny rooms, single or
en suite; gas, bath, modern conveniences.
'FARRELL" 504— Nice Sunny rooms, single or :
en suite; all modern conveniences.
OI.K, I— Nice sunny rooms la quiet house;
centrally located.
OST. 837— X'lcely furnished suite and double'
parlor; 'hot and cold water,
ACRAMENTO. 1512— T0 rent, unfurnished,
two large sunny alcove rooms, grate and run- !
nlng water; private family.
FCVEXTH. 3, near Market— Sunny furnished '
single rooms, M up.
HERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St., j
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
TENTH, 121 near Market— Small light room;
running water; rent $3.
HE Oaks, li:< Third— A good rooming house |
for good people. R. HUGHES. • Proprietor.
TT'l'.K. ► '" -Corner alcove room overlooking
Jefferson square; sun al! day; references.
I"EX. Col— Sunny room; private family; bath, |
hot water; breakfast; gent's; ref. required.
t'P.K. !."*— Elegant sunny rooms; private fam-
ily; all modern conveniences; ref. required.
AN NESS. 438— Elegantly furnished rooms;
front and back; gas, bath; $5 up.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fiibscrlptions has been established at 10M Va--
Ifnrln «t. Lj. ■ ' " ' ."•" -
ROOMS \Y 'ANT NIL
FOUR rooms furnished for housekeeping, com-
prising 2 kitchens and 2 bedrooms; not over
$25: central and sunny. Box 894, Call. * ■■ ; ' ;
-.EWIXG MACHINES A.M> SUPPLIES.
J2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
rnln'-c at lowest rates. 20" Fourth st.
■ i -—
STORAGE AMI WAREHOUSES.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.,
712 Mission; goods guaranteed; tei. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Bti rate and Moving Co.
Office. '01 Pr,i,t. cor. -yen; .; Main 5713.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
nOOMS papered from $3: whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 Sd St.
NICE private home* in confinement: meat rea-
sonable price in city. Mrs. M. Pfeiffer. aii*'
wife. 2012 Folsom. nr. 16th; phone White 1844.
BAD tenants ejected .'or $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
<").. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: tei. 5520.
WATCH RBPAI-UI-O.
WATCHES cleaned 7Sc; guaranteed 2 years.
The Roy Jewelry and Optical Co.. 510 Kearny.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL -.STATIC.
GRAND real estate auction sale of several
choice houses and lots; also 1 chicken ranch;
Alameda. Oakland and Elmhurst; sale Sat-
urday. Oct. 21. at 2 p. m. Do not fall to
attend this sale, as most of the places are
to be sold by order of the court. Particulars
in next -week's papers. Send for illustrated
catalogue. Sale at J. A. MITNRO & CO., Auc-
tion House. 1517 and 3519 Park st. . Alameda.
AT station— New C-room cottage; all Improve-
ments and street work; $300 cash. $30 per
month. J. H. YOUNG, owner, 1243 Park st.
SNAP— House, . rooms and bath; lot 50x
160; good location; 5 minutes' walk from sta*
tlon. Apply to W. F. SCHULTE. 161. Chapln.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladies ir, delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 141* "th.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
A NEW map of beautiful Berkeley, showing
• the proposed extension of the university
grounds, can be had by sendin-t a -c stamp to
JOSEPH J. MASON, Real Estate, adjoining
P. 0., Berkeley. •
LIVE under your own vine and fig tree; a
lovely home of 7 rooms; all modern improve-
ments: near to cars and university; lot 50x185.
JOS. J MASON, Real Estate, adjoining P.
0., Berkeley. . .:
BEAUTIFUL SHATTI'CK TRACT— sale
by O. G. MAY A- CO.. Sole Agents. Call and
we will drive over the property with you.
Terms reasonable; title perfect. O. G. MAY
£- CO., 2123 Center st., Berkeley.
$IGOO-=A SPECIAL fine bargain in a fine lot
near university and the choicest location In
Berkeley. O. G. MAY & CO., i;.'." Center St.,
opposite High School.
$1050 FOR a comfortable little home of 5 good
rooms; windmill; barn; all fenced; easy
terms. O. G. MAY & CO., 1123 Center St.. op-
I _posite High School.
$3100 — A LOVELY new home on Grove st., near
Dwight way station; modern in every re-
spect: terms to suit O. G. MAY _: co., 2123
Center at,
' A WEEK'S news for o cents— The Weekly Call,
'■ pages. In wrapper, for i.y;ii»-g. ti per year.
BERKELEY ROUSES TO LET,
FOR rent, in desirable location, house of nine
rooms, bath, laundry and storeroom, with
stable, chicken-house and large yard; con-
! venient to train? and university grounds. Ap-
j ply '■ J. R. LITTLE. Berkeley station. . -• ■
(OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
j OFFICE— QO3 BROADWAY.
j OAKLAND BOUSES TO LET.
| HANDSOME residence, 9 rooms, bath, barn: 5.59
I 24th. Inquire R. Franke. IB" Grove: rent low.
OAKLAXn FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 72 (25c per
share) of the HUTCHINSON SUGAR PLAN-
TATION" COMPANY will be payable at the
office of the company. 527 Market street, on
and after FRIDAY, October 20. 1"99. Trans-
fer books will clos- on Saturday, October 14,
1899. at 1" o'clock m.
E. 11. SHELDON, Secretary. "
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 2 (25c per
share) of the KILAUEA SUGAR PLANTA-
TION COMPANY, will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market st., on
j and after MONDAY. October 16, 1593. ; Trans-
fer books will close on TUESDAY, October
10, 1899. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary,
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
IN the Superior Court of the city an. county
of San Francisco. State of California. In the
matter of WESTERN BEET SUGAR COM-
PAN a corporation, upon Its application for
a Judgment of dissolution. Notice— Notice is
hereby given that WESTERN BEET SUGAR
COMPAXY, a corporation organized and ex-
! Isting under and by virtue of the laws of the
State of California, and having its offlce any-
place of business in the city and county of
San Francisco. State of California, has filed
n verified application ad<.r»ssed the Supe-
rior Court of the city and county of San
Francieeo. State of California, • praying for
a judgment of dissolution of _aid corporation, ;
and that MONDAY, November 1". 18W, at 10 i
o'clock a. m., at the courtroom of said court, j
Department No. 2. In the City Hall of the '
city and county of Pan Franclsoo, have been \
appointed as the day, time and place for the .
hearing of said application.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my j
hand and affixed -he official seal Of said Su-
perior Court this 10th day of October 1599.
WM. A. DEANE. Clerk.
By E. M. THOMPSON, Deputy Clerk.
[Seal]
PROPOSALS.
UNITED STATES Engineer Office, Flood
Building, Pan Francisco, Cal., September 12,
Sealed proposals for erecting double I
draw-span bridge, approaches thereto end
piers therefor, across tidal canal at Frultvale I
aye., near Alameda, Cal., will be received
here until 12 o'clock noon. November 14, 1599.
Information furnished on application.
W. TT. TTET'ER. Major Engineers.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as fallow.-: !
Henry Hildebrand and Nellie Stevenot 22-20 !
; Louis Henny and Louise Besslere 32-20 ;
, John M. Ma. kin and Nettie M. Cooper .32-20
M. T. Harrington Jr. and Nora J. Slattery.22-20 j
Simon Fortaj and Marie J. Chauquet.. ..3o-23 !
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS, j
•Birth, marriage and death notices sent by I
: mill will not he inserted. They must be handed
j In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per- j
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
FAULKNER— In this «lty, October 12, 1299, to
| the wife of William B. Faulkner of Bethany, .
Cal., a daughter.
PLATO- this city, October «. 1899, to the
wife of J. F. Plato, a daughter. j
MARRIED.
MATTHEY— COOL-October 7, IS&9, by the
Rev. Mr. Bolster, Charles P. Matthey and
Nina May Cool.
KAHN— HOLMES— this city, October 3, 1899,
by Thomas F. Dunn, Justice of the Peace.
I Edmond C. Kahn of Los Alamos. Cal., and :
Ella Holmes of An.els camp, Cni.
BIT" HIE— WINTER In this city, October 11,
WM, by the Rev. John Stephens, Adam M.
Ritchie and Eva Winter, both of Pacific
I Grove, Cal. ;--
-_-**_-_-_; mmm ~~ mm ~ mm ~~~^~~~r?^**
_-__ __ .
DIED.
Bellinger. Victor Lewln, Minna
Burrago, Aurella Lock, Willl_m
Chapman, Valeria McDonald, Peter
I ilan, Bridget Maccabe, F. J.
Duty. William P. Meyer. Arnold
-Simons. Cornelius Pennycook, James
Fletcher, Stephen Schlegel, v m J.
Fuchs, Joseph Taylor, Fred J.
Gannon, John Yon Bremen, Henry
Gould, Thomas Walsh, James J.
Hess, Rosa A. Whitaker. Laura EL
King. Annlo M. Wilson. Robert
Laati Luca
BELLINGER Portland, Or., October 10,
1899, Victor Bellinger.
|C?" Funeral services this day (Saturday), at '
12 o'clock, at the crematory chapel. .'press
Lawn Cemetery; 11:80 o'clock train from
depot at Third aud Townsend streets.
BURRAGE— In Boston, Mass., October 12, 1896,
Aurella Chamberlain Burruge, widow of the
late George S. Barrage, and mother of
Charles D. and Albert C Burrage of Boston.
CHAPMAN— In this city, October i::. 'JS! 1 , Va-
leria Chapman, a native of Rumney, N. H.,
aged M years ami V months.
(Prienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1123 Ellis street. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
DOLAN— In the city and ' County Hospital, Oc-
tober 13. 1899, Bridget Dolan, a native of Ire-
land. aired 7fi year 3.
DUTY— In tnis city, October 13, 189$, William
Pitt Duty, beloved brother of Anna .'-.. Stock-
ton and the late Warren L. Duty and Mary
Louise Cleveland, a native of Tennessee, aged
70 years.
t_TThe funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 2:20 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 757 Mission street.
Interment i. O. O. F. Cemetery.
FITZSIMONS— In this city, October 11, 1899,
Cornelius J., beloved son of Patrick and
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannogan & Gallagher).
(TUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMi'ALMIiIHS,
10 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School,
* Telephone South Sfc
- rw,i_< _mM__— — i m:_______H___ __.~n___w_^^_»^B_ir
N. F. Dethlefsen. Chas. H. Jacob.
CKAS. H. JACOB & CO.,
Funeral Directors and Embalmers. 31S
Mason street, bet. Geary and O'Farrell
streets. Telephone Main £213.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. OCTOBER 14. 1899.
Maria Fitzsimons, and brother of Lizzie and
Mary {*It_atn.on_, a native of San Francisco,
aged 23 years and 3 months. - ■■: •" '•■ ,
tr~The funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents. 513 Scott street, thence to
Sacred Heart Church, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebr-ted for the
repose cf his soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery-
Please omit flowers.
FLETCHER— In Alameda. October IS, 1899.
• Stephen Fletcher, a native of Bristol, Eng-
land, aged 75 years 1 month and 6 days.
CJ* Notice of funeral hereafter.
FUCHS- In this city. October 12. 1599. Joseph
Fuchs,. a native of Germany, aged 59 years
' months and 28 days. A member of the Bud
Deutscher • rein.
G._?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of H. F. Maass, 917 Mission street, near
Fifth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SANN.ON— In San Rafael. October 1". 1599. John
Gannon, a native of New York, aged 71 years.
B-TNotice of funeral hereafter.
GOULD— In this city, October 11. 1599. Thomas,
beloved son of Thomas and Arnie Gould, a
native of San Francisco, aged I month and
14 days.
HESS— In this city. October 13, 18S9, Rosa
Anna, dearly beloved and only child of Jo-
seph and Anna Hess, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 day. _>'..-
KING— In the City and County Hospital. Oc-
tober 13. 1899. Annie M. King, a native of
Tennessee, aged ',< years.
LASTRETO— In this city. October 11, 1599, Luca
Lastreto, beloved father of Mrs. H. J. Perazzi
and Anita Lastreto. a native of Italy, aged
62, years 4. months and 25 days. . (Calaveras
and Tuolumne papers please copy.)
E~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Saturday), at 9:*' o'clock, at the
parlors of Charles J. B. Metzler, 886 Wash-
ington street. • Interment private, Mount
Calvary Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
LEWIN— In this city, October 12. 1899, Minna.
beloved wife of the late Emanuel Lewln of
Shasta, Cal., mother of Alex, Benjamin and
Anna Lewin, and sister of Mrs. Joseph Well
and Mrs. Jerry Schoenfeld of Baa Francisco,
a native of Germany, aged C 5 years and 10
months.
LOCK— this city, October 13. 1899. William
Lock, beloved brother of William Henry and
Albert Lock, aged 33 years 6 months and 14
days.
C ''Remains at the undertaking parlors of
Julius S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue.
McDONALD— In this city. October 13. 1899,
Peter McDonald, beloved brother of Mrs. J.
Meagher and Mrs. J. Sloan, a native of the
parish of Carllngford, County Louth, Ireland,
aged 60 years.
!T"""Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday.) at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 206 Chenerv street, thence to St. Paul's
Church, where services will be held for the
repose of his soul, commencing at IB o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MACCABE— In this city, October 12, 1899, F.
J. Maccabe, a native of Ireland, aged 58
years.
MEYER— In this city, October 13. 1599. Arnold
Meyer, beloved son of Mrs. Carrie Meyer, a
native of San Francisco, aged 19 years.
PENNYCOOK— In this city, October 13, 1899,
' James Pennycook, beloved father of Mrs. M.
Lomomeauz and Mrs. Ida Armstrong, and
brother of Margaret, Washington, William
G. and the late John Pennycook. a native of
New York, aged 61 years 2 months and 7 days.
C.T'Friands and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his brother, W. G. Pennycook, ''22 Florida
street. Interment Masonic Cemetery.-
VETERAN VOLUNTEER FIREMEN'S Asso-
ciation— The officers and members are re-
quested to assemble at headquarters. Pioneer
building, to-morrow (Sunday), at i o'clock, to
attend the funeral of our late brother and
recording secretary, James pennycook. By
order " STEPHEN BUNNER, President.
SCHLEGEL—In this city, October 13. is»9.
Emll Jusef, beloved son of MarkuS and Rosa
Schlegel, and brother of Reglna, Eddy, Wil-
lie, Otto and Anton Schlegel, a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 year 2 months and 6 days.
'Notice of funeral hereafter.
TAYLOR— In this city, October 11, 1599, Fred
J. Taylor of Black Foot. Idaho.
YON BREMEN this city. October 11, 1899,
Henry yon Bremen, a native of Germany,
aged SC years and 11 months.
*r"""Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), from the parlors of Julius S.
Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
WALSH— In this city, October 13, 1539. at his
residence, 2504 Bryant street. James J., dearly
beloved husband of Catherine Walsh, and
beloved father of Mrs. M. Rottnnzl and
James, Joseph, Flora, Emily and Frank
Walsh, a native of New York, aged 62 years
C months and 13 days.
[_3"Xotice of funeral hereafter.
WHITAKEB in this City, October 11. 1899.
Laura Edith, beloved wife of Alfred F.
Whitaker, and mother of Alfred and Alfreda
Whitaker and Mrs. Edward Wagner of
Washington, D. C, a native of Brooklyn,
N. *"
[.^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday). at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 2320 California street, between Web-
ster and Fillmore. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemetery'- ' , :"'
WILSON— In this city. October 13. 1899, Rob-
ert Wilson, .beloved son of the late William
and Mary Wilson, a native of San Francisco,
aged 34 years 5 months and 4 days.
c "The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Julius S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue.
Interment private.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
M II Orr, Stockton IB T Covert, Cal
A .' Larson, Lodi C V. Invoke, Chicago
C A Stirmson &w, Cal I J H Klmonson, Merced
G M Reld, NT Mrs J. Lai-ell, Cal
W T Bush, Cal W I, Hlle, Butte
J W Longneran, Ls An .1 Williams, Cal
I. A Kpltzer, San Jose '" W Pierce, Davlsviile
Mrs Lamsden, ScotlndjA W Benson, Ottawa
Mr- .1 Odson. Mont C P Rosecrans. .- Jose
Miss C C Craig, 3 DHeg w Tutin, Defi Moines
H L Dalton &w, »Cal Mrs I. Dickson. Cal
J C Steele, Carp-file W D Coates, Fresno
J II llllbert. Eureka . E Whipple, Decato
W A Milton, Phoenix H Hankinson, Antloch
V. S Turner, Phoenix O A Wood, Berkeley
C D Miller. Log Ang Miss Moore, Stanford
J Q Leser. Milwaukee F AY O'Neil, Stanford
R p Oliver, Denver .1 R Traynor, Cal
G R Wilton, Los Aug Q X Patterson, I'hlla
R R Streets, Sn Pedro I Dr Q X FalUn-'r, Cal
M Lewis Jr & w, .'al [Mrs Pappepberger, Cal
P C onner. Pomona Miss Poppenberger Cal
E Wilkinson & W, Cal W li Atkinson, Napa
B v Wright, Del Monte! J S Herman, Fresno
H F Luckott, Pittsburg l J M Poyce, Stockton
J Lytic. Wash Mrs Grlswnld, B Jose
J A Black, Chicago M Biggs Jr, Oroville
F B Meyers, Cincinnati w W Gate wood, Texas
It Hutchinson, Ls Ang- J I'onahen, LeAng
PALACE HOTEL.
B Woltman, N V (A F Patterson, N Orln
B C Howe, Los Ang R B Bawls, Chicago
C H Lak-man, L Ang 'j p Carter. r S N
G Turner, Modesto W M Atkinson. U S N
W Mott. Stanford D Coy. C 9 .N
B B Earle. Sacto W A Brewer, S Mateo
11 I. Robins, U 8 N F W Browne, Sausalto
L M Garrett. L' S S C P Brealaa, Ban J.we
Marblchead F F Teedwllts, Spokne
It J Hunter, Sacto Q F Goodman, Napa
F A La* x. Bacto E X Taylor, Alameda
W E Budberg. USA J II Fuller, X V
V S Wood. DS N H J Ills, X y
E Llndsey, Mo M C Mason, Seattle
De W Hendryx, LA L Stark, N _
Mrs Hendryx, Los An A Hill, Mich
.7 A ':lianslor, C'oalinga J M Long, Portland
H J Taylor, Ohio . IF-V Holnian, Portland
C M Busch. Atlantic CM H Starr. X V
Mrs Busch, Atlantic C'G Lavagnlno. S Lake
,i .-' D.lan. NY . ; I' McDonald. D S N
A 15 Shaw, S Barbara O A Pettengell. U S A
Mis Shaw & c, fi Bra Mrs H c Nesster, Btte
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
B Stein, Oakdale J Briar, Dawson City
li Diamond. Indiana F Polney, Dcs Moines
J Stringer, Indiana W Anderson & fm.Au-
C ii Perkins. Wash I burn
G Phelps, Manila dl B Penderel. Nebr
J Maloney, Manila P Mitchell, Los Ang
C A Mulligan, N V IB Brooks, Ban Jose
A MeKenzie, VancouvrjC MeKenzie, Ohio
_■ ♦ ■
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Churchill Taylor to Laura M. Taylor (widow), j
lot on N line of Washington street. 60 E of
Polk, i; 77:6 by N 127:8*4; $10.
Charles and Leah Meyer to Carrie Ackerman
(wife of Charles L.), tot on W line of Van
Nes 3 avenue, 68:9 N of Broadway, N 3»:.«_ by
W 135:3; gift.
Annie Lee Wilson (by B. P. Oliver, commls
■=ioner), to Hibernia Savings and J-oan Society,
lot on SW corner of Buchanan and Chestnut
streets, W 116 by S 120; $3500.
Mary H. and Lyman W. R. Cole to Alta I
Building and Loan Association. lot on *,".' line
of Fillmore street, 139:6 N of Union, N :3 by
W 100; $10.
Alta Btiil.linst and Loan Association to **.' S.
Oliver, lot on W line of Fillmore street, 139:6
N. of Union, N 25 by W 100; $10.
alter S. and Minnie B. Oliver to Nicholas j
Andrr-sen. lot "ii W line of Fillmore street,
129:6 N of Union, N' 25 by W 100; $10.
Jesse S. Andrews to Emma F. Andrews (wife
of Jesse S.). lot on AY line of Scott street,
B.:"y M of Sacramento, N 25 by W 81:3: gift.
George W. and Mary M. Mitchell to Mary A
Freeman, lot on H line of Bush street, 50 E of
Baker, X 25 by S 87:6; *10.
William and Marie Wempe to Louis Fried- j
lander, lot on s line of Oak street. 49:5 E of
Central avenue (Lott). S 110, E 8:8 2-5, NW I
110:5 ;• »10.
Michael Aylwp.rd to O. J. Shattuck, lot on
S line of Post street. 143 E of Central avenue, E
2", S 68, NW 2*.. N 65 (quitclaim deed); $10.
Orvllle J. Skat-oak to Fred S. and Anna E.
Brftasch, same; $10^
Builders' Contracts.
Mrs. Fannle Cohn (owner) with John Furneas
(contractor), architects Salfleld & Kohlherg—
Excavation, brick, carpenter and mill work,
hardware and tinning for alterations and ad
ditions to a two-tslory frame building on W
line of Franklin street, 102:8*4, N of 'Clay, N
70. W 137:6. B 45, SE 3*:'Vi. m ii- 'i, $1246.
F. E. Diet- (owner) with Edward Glnley
(contractor), architect w. H. Amliage —
ing, brick work, carpenter work, tinning, mill
work, marble steps, plastering, plumbing and
attic for alterations and additions to a frame
ietslden.-<> on "A line of Scott street, 0":6 S of
Clay. S SO by W M:3; $_M_
REALTY TORE CONTINUES TO IMPROVE
THE tone of the real .estate market
continues- to improve, and. brokers
almost without exception predict a
prosperous business for October.
There is plenty of money seeking invest
ment, and the only drawback now ls de
sirable offerings. Owners appear to be
unwilling to part with their holdings or
are asking too much for their properties.
Any one with a desirable piece of busi
ness property, improved or unimproved,
should have no difficulty in disposing of
the same at a fair figure. *:-.
Business has been fairly good during
the past week, although no new sales
involving large amounts have been re
ported. Confirmation has been received,
however, of several sales of goodly pro
portions heretofore referred to in these
columns. Among the latter is the sale
of the Ehrman property, on Mission
street, near Fourth, 50x100, for $70,750.
Douglas S. Watson has purchased the
three-story building and lot 25x00 on
the northwest corner of Powell and Post
streets of Mrs. Rebecca Jennings for
$50,000; also the adjoining property, con
i sisting of a lot 23xG0 and a two-story
! and basement building from Julia Law-
I ton, Lily Asher and J. Radston for $30,
--| 000. Boardman, Hooper & Co. negotiated
i the sales. The same firm also reports
the following sales: Lot on the north
' west side of Howard street, 412:6 north
: east of Sixth .street, 28:6 frontage on
Howard and 62:6 feet on Natoma, .with a
depth of 80 feet, lodging-house, stores
and flats, sold for Mrs. W. E. Cook for
$16,500; the George A- Carr residence and
lot, 25x90 feet, on the southeast corner of
Vallejo and Gough streets, for $11,000; the
lot, 50x137:6 feet, on the northwest cor
ner of Vallejo and Webster streets, from
R i, Fry to F. B. Norton, for $10,000;
a lot 27 •6x127:8*4, feet, on the south line
of Jackson street, 137:6 feet east of
I Steiner for $4500; lot, 25x112:6 feet, on the
; north line of Sutter street, 112:6 feet east
of Buchanan, $3250; lot 28x99 feet on the
1 west line of Alpine street, 145 feet south
oft-Udley. J1000; lot 25x120 on the east
line of Boyce street, 150 feet south of
Point Lobos avenue $750; a cottage and
i lot, 26x87:6 feet, on the east line of Third
avenue near Clement street, $2250, and
several' lots on Clement street, near
Twenty-second avenue.
I The Twinkling Star Improvement Com
par has deeded to Mr,. Susan M Blu-
I menberg a lot on Stockton street, between
Jackson and Pacific, the consideration
rod in the deed being $9000. The lot
: .' ;,';,_■ the notorious Hotel Nymphia and
the purchaser Is the mother of the presi
dent of the Twinkling Star Improvement
C ffitin ' Julian has sold the 'two-story
i residence and lot 25x100 on the west side
of Baker street, 75 feet south of Fulton.
to Silas Cohn for $6000. The property was
transferred to Julian by Fitzsimmons sev
erafyears ago In order to Keep it out of
the hands of the pugilist's creditors.
Claus Spreckels has bought from George
W Kline and wife the property on the
i east line of Howard street, 250 feet north
of Seventeenth, lot 62:«x8_ feet, presuma-
b ly for one of the stations of the new
electric company. .
A. deed has gone on record of the sale
by Fleet p. Strother to Mary E. Calla
!., of the lot 24X77:« feet and two-story
bunding containing a store and rooms
above? on the northeast corner of Geary
ana Jones streets. The consideration
named in the deed is $1000, but the price,
of the property is reported to be close
in„ in $20 ""'• Field has bought of James
William A. Field has bought of James
. Gorle and others the property on the north
line of Baker street B*n4 feet^ south i of
Sacramento; lot 25:6x102:6 feet, for $-- 31 -
The Hibernia Bank has sold to John
Dougherty the improvements and lot
69 8ix137:6 on the north line of Broadway,
in Va.. feet east of Stockton, for $15,000.
Mrs Belle Sprague has bought from
Mrs Isabella Kinsey and others the prop
erty on the north side of Clay street, 216:3
feet west of East for .500.. The lot has
a frontage of 77 feet, with a depth of 1-0
feet, extending to Merchant street.
Hugh V. Keoh of Berkeley has pur
chased a lot 25x62 on the east line of Lyon
street, 55 feet north of Geary.
O. F. yon Rhi In & Co. report the foil-W
--ing recent .-ales:
Lot on the northeast corner of Post ant-
Stockton streets. 46:SxS0; price, .$.2,500 Won
south line of 1*1".- street. 137 » west of Taj-lor
thence west 43x137 :6; price. $9000. -" '. on the
south line of Clay street, SI'S east of Scott,
thence east 25x100: price, $71*0. Lot on north
east corner of Jackson street and Adele place,
east 57:6 by north 137:6; price, $5000. Lot on
northwest line of Harrison street, 137:6 north
east of Sixth, thonce northeast 27-6x85; price.
$3noo. Lot on west line of Howard street, '.'j
south of Nineteenth, thence south 31x122:6;
price $2500. Lot on west line ot Devisadero
street 75 south of Union, thence south 35x100;
price '$2450. Lot on west line of Dupont street,
25 north of Lombard, thence north 25x77:6;
price $1050. Lot on west line of San Carlos
avenue S5 south of Twentieth street, thence
south 22x75; price, $1500. Lot on south line of
Post street. 145 east of Central avenue, thence
ea=t 25x65 more or less; price, $1600. Lot on
south line of Harrison street, 30 east of Eore,
thence east 30x70; price, $1500. Lot on east line
Of Alabama Street, 308 north of Twenty-first,
■ thence north 52x100; price. $1400, Lot on east
; line of Jessie street, 85 south of Thirteenth.
! thence south 25x70: price, $1100. Lot on east
: line of Vincent street, 77:« north of Green,
thence north 20x58:9; price, $900. Lot on north
line of Laldley street. 425 southeast of Harper,
thence southeast 25x100; price, $700.
Sol Get;* & Bro. recently sold the fol
lowing lots in the Sunset district, on
which the purchasers contemplate build
ing houses: • ;.-.'.
Lot 25x120 on the east line of Ninth avenue,
225 feet north of X street; $750. Lot 25x120
on the east line of Twelfth avenue. 175 feet
i north of J street; $SOO. . Lot 32:6x100 on the
1 northeast corner of L street and Tenth ave
nue; $1250. Lot 26x100 on tte north line of
: L street. 32:6 feet west of Ninth avenue; $700.
Lot $sxloo on the south line of I street, 107:6
feet west of Eleventh avenue; $SOO. Lot 23xl>>0
! on the south line of J street, 57:6 feet east
of Twenty-first avenue; $300. Lot 25x120 on the
east line of Forty-sixth avenue, 17,'. feet south
of I street; $22.",. Lot 25x1t0 on the east line
of Twelfth avenue, 200 feet north of A street;
j $77,0.
Bovee. Toy & Sonntag have sold on be
; half of the estate of Anna Selkirk
' 590 acres of improved orchard and
grain land, known as the Rancho de Ar
mina, in Contra Costa County, for $31,
The purchaser was James A- Arronage.
Other sales of country lands reported
during the past week are as follows:
San Francisco Savings Cni.'.i to James San
guineus a section of land near Peters. San
Joaquin County, for $15,500; Germanla Trust
Company to William Warden, 153 acres of
grain and potato land at Los Osos. in San
; Luis Obispo County, for $530..; San Francisco
Savings Union to W. H. Schultze, 135 acres i
of grain land' In the Tyler ranch, Tehama
County; German Bank to L. Powers, 120 acres
of grain land near Centervllle, Fresno County,
for $7000, and 120 acres near Mountain View.
Santa Clara County, from the Thomas Bell
estate to E. A. Selfrldge. for $7200.
Easton, Eldridge & Co. have just issued
a catalogue for a special pale to be held
in their auction rooms on October 24. The
list contains a number of choice pieces of
property. One of the most desirable is
the lot owned by the estate of Mahala F.
Robinson on the south side of O'Farrell
street. 195 feet west of Taylor, 57:6x137:6
feet. The lot is covered by two large
houses of ten and fourteen rooms re
spectively on the Taylor street side, with
two houses of live rooms each in the rear.
: Another choice offering is a piece of busi
ness property on the north side of Sacra
mento street, 175 feet west of Montgomery,
with brick and iron building and lot 20x59
feet. A piece near the now Postofllce
j building, consisting of a lot 25x75 feet,
' with three Hats of four rooms each, op the
I south side of Clementina street, 100 feet
east of Eighth, will also be offered, to
i gether with a well selected line of other
j property. '-.V,;. r
Thirteen new building contracts were
! filed for record during the week of an ag
j gregate value of $70,142. The largest con
tract was that. of L. M. Ryland with A. C.
I Sproule for the erection of a three-story
frame building, to contain six flats, on the
northwest corner of Polk street and Ash
avenue, to cost $12,980. Anna 1.. Whlttell
contracted with W. T. Veltch & Brother
for the erection of a three-story building
on tho south line of Morton street, 60 feet
cast of Grant avenue, to cost $10,535; Ra
; faele Demors contracted with L. B. Per
, ramont for two frame buildings to cost
I $7525 on tho south line of Union street,
87:6 feet east of Leavenworth street; Wil
liam L. Houghson contracted with G. H.
Moore for the erection of a two-story
frame, basement and attic building on the
north line of Clay street, 137:6 feet east of
Cherry, to cost $6500 rE., A. Waterhouse
contracted with G. H. Moore for the same
kind of building as the foregoing and at
the same price on the north side of Clay
street, 172:6 feet east of Cherry street; M
S. Price contracted with Millerick & Beves
for a three-story building, to cost $6100, on
the northwest corner of Sutter and Bu
chanan streets. The other contracts range
in value from $1365 to $3600.
For the week ending October 2 loans on
city real estate made by the various
banks, building associations and private
capitalists amounted to $197,705, an in
crease of $30,856 over the preceding week.
-The loans of the savings banks amounted
!to $130,350. and were as follows: Hiber
! nla, $72,350: German, $20,950; Savings and
Loan,. 511,200; Humboldt. $22,100; Mutual.
$1000, and French, $2750. The building as
sociations loaned a total of $6000 and pri-
I vate capitalists and others loaned $61,355.
] The Humboldt Savings made a lean oi
| $20,000 at 6 per cent, the same rate as
the Hibernia and Mutual. Among the
loans by the Hibernia were one of $20,000
and one of. $10,250. The German Savings
made a loan of $13,000 at 7 arid two re
leases to H. F. Emeric of $5000 and $25,000.
A loan of $45,000 was borrowed on the
McNutt Sanitarium property. Releases
for the week were $365,75 a.
The Laymance Real Estate Company of
Oakland reports the following recent
sales:
For Mrs. Mary E. Towle to Solomon Kahn
of Kahn Bros., the elegant 13-room residence
and lot 64x12S on the west line of Filbert
street, 120 ■ feet north of Eighth street: for
George R. Williams to J. F. S. Branford, lot
35x120, north side of East Seventeenth street,
115 feet west of Ninth avenue, upon which a
new building is being constructed; for Alfred
J. Hinds to John M. Wilson, elegant 10-room
residence and lot 40x140 on south side of Twen
ty-seventh street, 180 feet west of Telegraph
avenue; for Edwin P. Welle to Mrs. M. Pedro,
lot 2SxIOO, west side Twentieth avenue, 28 feet
south of East Twenty-first street; for James
McManus to James C. Baker,' lot 50x75, south
west corner of Grove and Third streets, upon
which a factory building is now being con
structed; for San Francisco Mutual Loan As
sociation to J. M. Hasson, two-story 8-room
house and lot 31x115, east side of Peralta street,
$50 feet south of Twelfth; for Mary E. Gordon
to D. Weinstein, two-story 10-room residence,
with lot 45x100, north side of Tenth street, 75
feet east of Brush; for Mrs. Blanche de Begon
to _. Whittaker, S-room residence and lot
SOxloO, southwest corner of Wudsworth and
Santa Clara avenues; for M. Phllbrook to C.
F. Hoeber, eight acres and Improvements near
Moss avenue and Mills College, Elmhurst; lor
A. Burckhalter to William R. Sibbett, 8-room
. residence and lot 40x120, east side of Chester
street, 100 feet north of Ninth; for Morris
Steinway, two-story 8-room residence and lot
50x135. south side of Benton street, 200 feet
west of Grove; fcr F. E. Garfield to J. 11.
Landreth, two-story 10-room residence and lot
i 63x110, north side of Merrlmac street, between
Telegraph avenue and Webster street; for
! Sarah Seal to Irwin D. Martin, 6-room house
j and lot 30x90, south side of Hamilton place,
j 225 feet west of Oakland avenue: for Charles
I Tozer to M. Goldstein, cottage of 6 rooms, lot
20.\100. south side of Third street, near Grove;
for George Reed to Anna Foley, lot 30x102,
south side of Eleventh street, 162 feet west
of Peralta, upon which a new building is be
ing constructed: for J. M. Bartlett to L. M.
Spencer, two-story 8-room residence and lot
BSxllO, west side of Adeline street, 40 feet south
of Sixteenth; for Joseph Nutting estate to W.
V. Fox, lot 257x104, southeast corner of Nine
teenth and Cypress streets; for Christine L.
Mason to C. L. Colvln, 10-room residence and
lot 30x125, east side of Filbert street, 360 feet
! south of Tenth: for C, H. New to H. C. Don
aldson, 10-room residence and lot 130x140, north
west corner of ''banning w-ay and Tenth street,
! Berkeley; for Charles I. Moe to A. A. Brown,
6-room cottage and lot 30x140, south side of
i Eighth street, opposite Klrkharn; for W. R.
J Flnlay to J. S. Myers, lot 45x104, west side of
McClure street, 140 feet north of Prospect; for
George W. Randall to James O. Shaylor, two
story house and lot 30x115. west side of Camp
bell street, 50 feet north of Tenth; for Charles
Josselyn to Charles' S. Hannon, residence and
lot 50x100, east side of Brush street, 50 feet
north of Eighth.
The Newton property overlooking Lake
Merritt in Oakland has been sold by Wil
liam P. Todd to a syndicate of San Fran
cisco capitalists, who propose to subdi
| vide it into residence lots and place it on
i the market. '.-••'
Balfour. Guthrie & Co. have awarded a
j contract to F. H. Masow for the construe-
I tion of a large warehouse building, to
cost $34,449. on their wharf property on
; Myrtle and First streets, Oakland.
Race for a Claim.
SALINAS, Oct. 13.— The town of Hollis
ter, as well as the surrounding country,
has the oil fever. Some miners at New
Idria quicksilver' mines struck an oil
seepage with a pick. Immediately the
claim was staked and located by two
parties and a rush was made to the coun
ty seat to have the claim recorded. Mr.
Rnmires and J. M. Coulson traveled all
night from the mines, reaching Hollister
at .an early hour, each supposing the
other to be behind him. Coulson found the
Recorder at 8:90 and hurried him to the
offlce, only to find that the other man had
procured a Deputy Recorder and filed his
claim ten minutes previously.
Farley's Estate.
SALINAS, Oct. Judge M. Farley,
father of the murdered Sheriff of this
county, has been appointed as adminis
trator of his son's estate. The estate is a
valuable one.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued from Page Ten-
* ,
California Fruit Sales.
« , _ — *
LONDON, Oct. 13.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany's sales of California fruits to-day:
Prunes— Hungarian averaged "2 04, single
crates; Italian *1 92.2 62; Silver, $192(82 64;
Golden Drop averaged "2 64; Coe's Late Red,
*15.@150. Pears— Ducomlce, $2 15'g3, two-fifths
boxes; Winter Secket, $1 92@2 40; Duchesse,
average $2 16; Glout Morceau. average $1 SO;
Easter Beurre, $1 66®1 92; Winter Nellls, "1 44>gi
168; Clairgeau, $1 32@1 46; Kiefer, "1 OS_l 20.
NEW YORK, Oct. 13.-Porter Bros. Com
pany's sales of California fruit:
Grapes— Tqkay, 70c®$l 20, half-crates; $1 80@2
double; assorted, $1866.06, half-crates; Cor
nichons, $145: Muscat, $I@l SO; Morocio. 11700
215. Pears— Winter Nellis, $2 50®2 70 box; Glout
Morceau, $3 25; Eastern Beurres, *2 box Nine
cars of fruit were sold to-day.
£ o r.£ r . J*ros. Company Bales California fruit:
« ™! £ GO, ( oct 13 -Grapes-Tokays, 95c to
$1 55 half-crate; Muscat, 90c to $1 36; assorted,
Sac to $1 35; Morocco, $2 30; Cornlchons, $1 65.
Peaches— Bilyeaus, $1 20 box. Seven cars fruit
sold.
Earl Fruit Company sales: Grapes— Malaga.
90c to $1 2D. Prunes— ltalian, 75c to Ssc.
NEW YORK, Oct. 13. -Grapes— Tokays, 90c
to ,1 75, single crates.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Securities were dull on the morning session.
Hana Plantation declined sharply to $11 and
Contra Costa Water was also lower at $70®
69 50. .■"".:
The afternoon session was quiet. Hana was
firmer at *12@ll 50.
Mining stocks stood about the same. The
telegram from the pump said: • "At 6:30 this
morning the water was 87 feet 7 Inches below
the 1350-foot level station. No. 2 elevator has
been running continually."
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE. _,
FRIDAY, October IS— p. m.
'*.'' '• ' "-'_ • Bld.Ask.) Bid-Ash.
U S Bonds— Mutual El Co. 14 1514
Is quar coup., — — 0G L & H.... 48". —
ts quar reg.... — ■ — Par Gas Imp.. — 66
Ifi quar new... — 131»* ! Par L Co 41 —
:s quar coup..loß". — SF G & E.... 63 64' i
: Miscellaneous— San Fran — 334
: Cal-st Cab 55.. 116 — Stockton Gas.. 12 —
C C Wat 35... — 108*4 Insurance— '
I lid I. & P tis. 130 — . I'lren.'s Fund. "2.* ,
■F& Cl Ry C 5.115 — ; Bank Stocks—
Geary-et H is. — 95 'Anglo-Cal ... .64 ■ —
iHC & S 5.5.10« — Bank of Car 1.. .383-4400
| L A Ry 55....105". — Cal SD & T.. 97 " $, -- s
!L A LCo fis.. 93 — il.rst Nat.onl. — ..i .
Do gtnd 65.. 99 — Lon P & A.... — 135
Do gntd 65.. — — Mer Exchange— ,v
!I.A _P R 68.101 — Nev Nat Hk...15"m90
; Murket-st «5..12R*413i» Savings Hanks-
Do Ist M 15, .116 — Ger S & L... — 1750
NCN G R 73.112 - Hum S._ L..1050 1160
NR of «'al fin. 114 — Mm Say Bk. — *2U,
NR of Cal ss. 112.4 - B F Say U... 600 -
KPCII It fa. loß 108 Bay & L So.. — B.H
NPC R R 106*4 - Fee Say Bk-.. - 310
N Cal R R 55. 11 l — Union T C 0.1400 144*
0 G L & II fa.ltwtf — Street Railroads-
Oak Tran 65.. .111 112 California .v.,110 122
Dm C Ry 65.. — — ; Geary 50 _
V&CI Ry 63.. 107 — Market-st 62U 62
Pk _ ORy fis.lls — Oak SL& H. — 50
Powell-st R 6s. — 122 Presidio 20 So
Sac ElO&Ros. — — I Powder—
S F & N P ss.U«t — .California ....160 ISS
S F & SJV3s.llsttHs"i I" Dynamite... SR —
SRy of Cal 63.107*4 — Olant Con Co.. 80*4 —
B P of A 65.... — US'. . Vigorit  2*4 J
B P C "«ns""). — — ! Sugar—
S P C fißd'.mßl.lU — Hana P C 0.... liv 12
"PC 690912). — 118 Haw C&S Co 94 1 . 9t>
:-■ Pi'ls eg 65.102"4 — Honokaa SCo 3441 —
SPBr 6s 122-. — Hutch S P Co. — 30
S V Wat «5... — 114 Kilauea S Co.. — 29
S V Wat 45... 103*4 — Makaweli SCo 4fl\4 4.4,
5V W 4s(3dm)lolV4 — Onomea S Co.. 35"4 — '
Stktn Gas 65. .100 105 Paauhau. S Co. 36 36**
Water Stocks-- , Miscellaneous— •
Co_ira Costa.. 69*. 70 - Al Pac Assn...H7'4 —
Marin County. 56 ' — Mer Ex Aran.. — 100
Spring ley. 101 14101 Oceanic S Co.. .<S*4 — .
Gas and Electric— Pac A-F A.... I*4 —
Cent Gas Co.. — — Pac C Bor C 0.145. 145 —
Cent L & P... 6". — I Par Paint Co. B*4 —
Equit G L Co. 5 5.4
•'-"..;. ;; *■ '. . . Morning Session.
. Board — ,- -—.-_,__.,
10 Contra Costa Water 70 00
150 Contra Costa Water..... , 69 50
125 Equitable Gas 5 "5
75 Hana Plantation Co .1150
75 Hana Plantation C 0.... 11 00
25 Hana Plantation Co 1125
25 Hana Plantation Co 11 37".
li) Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar 95 50
50 Honokaau Sugar Co 84 75
175 Hutchinson S P Co 30 00
$5000 Market Street Railway Con 5s 116 12'_
$1000 Spring Valley 6s ' 114 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
10 Contra Costa Water 69 75
20 Giant Powder Con .'.BO 50
1" Giant Powder Con SO 75
75 Hana Plantation Co 12 00
25 Hana Plantation Co 11 S7>.
35 Hana Plantation Co 1130
150 Honokaau Sugar Co.. 34 75
55 Oceanic S S Co 87 CO
$1000 S P Branch Railway 6s, s 10 122 60
$15,000 S F & S J V Bonds 115 50
Street—
$20,000 Northern Railway of Cal 6s 116 00
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
30 Contra Costa Water 70 37*.
20 Contra Costa Water 70 25
40 Contra Costa Water 70 12".
25 Giant Powder Con.'. 80 62*.
50 Hana Plantation Co 12 75
20 Makaweli Sugar Co 49 00
15 Spring Valley Water 101 25
20 S F Gas & Electric '64 37.
10 S F Gas & Electric 64 25
100 Vigorit Powder 2 75
Afternoon Session.
Board —
10 Giant Powder Con SO 50
25 Giant Powder C0n..... 80 37*4
25 Hana Plantation Co • 11 25
25 Hana Plantation Co 11 00
la Paauhau Sugar Co 36 25
30 S F Gas & Electric 63 75
10 Spring Valley Water 10112*4
50 Honokaau Sugar Co '..'35 00
$2000 Spring Valley 4s, 2d mortgage I'M 1214
$8000 Spring Valley 4s, 3d mortgage 10173
100 Vigorit Powder 2 75
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales in the San
Francisco Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
50 Belcher 24 ; 100 Occidental ..... 20
100 Con Cal & Va..l 86 2SO Ophir 87
50 Confidence 80 500 Potosi 59
200 Crown Point... 17 100 Savage 25
240 Hale & Nore.. 35 200 Siena Nevada. 63
250 Mexican 29 600 Union C0n..... 37
Afternoon Session.
100 Challenge 30' 200 Ophir 86
100 Chollar 38 100 Overman 20
300 Ci own Point... 1". 200 P--tosl 67
100 Hale & Norc. 35; 500 Utah 12
100 Occidental .... 15,
The following were the sales ln the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday:
Mornlnr Session.
250 Con Cal & Va..l 65 MM Sierra Nevada. 63
230 Con Cal & V.l 67>4 1500 Silver Hill 02
1000 Con Imperial... 01 300 Yellow Jacket. 27
200 Potosi 58
Afternoon Session.
300 Alpha 05 400 Justice 07
300 Aita 04 j 500 Mexican 29
600 Andes II 500 Mexican 80
100 Belcher 22 .300 Occidental .... 14
200 Belcher 23! 200 Occidental 19
600 Best & Belcher 35 i 400 Ophir 86
500 Bullion ..'OS 100 Ophir 87
151 Caledonia 68 300 Overman 20
100 Challenge Con. 31 200 Overman 19
600 ('hollar 38 300 Potosi 57
100 Chollar 39 200 Potosi 5S
200 Con Cal & V.l 67*_l 350 Savage 23
150 Con Cal & Va..l 05 1 100 Scorpion 02
100 Confidence 78. 200 Sierra Nevada. 63
200 Crown Point... 16 300 Silver Hill .... 02
100 Exchequer . 02: 100 Standard 8 05
200 Gould & Curry 331 300 Union Con 37
100 Gould & Curry 861 500 Utah 11
300 Hale & Nore.. 36 500 Utah 12
300 Hale & Norc. 37 1 200 Yellow Jacket. 2S
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, Oct. 13—4 p. m.
Bld.Ask. i Bld.Ask.
Alpha 04 06 Justice 07 08
Alta 03 05 Kentuck 03 05
Andes 09 10; Lady Wash.... 01 02
I Belcher 22 24 Mexican 29 30
I Post & Belcher 34 36 Occidental .... 20 —
Bullion 04 05 Ophir 86 88
Caledonia 68 69 Overman 19 21
Chollar 3S 39jPotosi 57 68
Challenge Con. 29 31 Savage 24 26
Confidence .... — 80. Scorpion 02 —
Con Cal & Va..l 65 1 70; Seg Belcher.... — 05
Con Imperial... — 011 Sierra Nevada. 63 64
Crown Point... 15 16 Silver Hill 02 03
Con New York. — 03 Standard —3 05
E Sierra Nev.. 02 — Syndicate ..... 06 —
! Eureka C0n.... — 50 St Louis — 07
i Exchequer .... — 02 Union Con 37 38
> Gould & Cury 33 36 Utah 11 12
! Hale & Norc... 36 37 Yellow Jacket. 27 28
j Julia — 03, •
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal ,
October 13, 1-W.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferrry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m,, Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS,
• Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., In charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
SATURDAY, OCTOBER 14.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition to the sound-ngs on the
United . States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO SAIL.
i Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Friday, October 18.
Btmr Alex Duncan. Nopander, 32 hours, from
Port Harford. .-. , .._,.,..
Stmr Rival, Johnson, 24 hours from Usal.
Stmr Noyo, Hansen, IS hours from Fort
Bragg.
Slmr Samoa. Ja'nnsen, 25 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Cleone, Hlggins, 20 hours from Caspar.
Stmr San Pedro, Zaddart, 33 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Coos Bay, Smith, 80 hours from New
port and way ports.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, S*_ days from
Comox. • •?■-';..-•: * •
Bark Alden Besse, Potter, 17 days from Hono
lulu.
Bark Carondelet, Stetson, 13 days from Port
Gamble.
Schr Reliance, Skipper, 24 hours -from Fisks
Mill. ", ■ ,'.■-.-
Schr Fortuna, Luberg, 64 hours from Eureka.
CLEARED, j.- rfi ■.--? -'.'■ « ■"-'
Friday. October 13.
Stmr State of California, Gage, Astoria;
Goodall, Perkins & Co. - ' • -
Br stmr Robert Adamson, Morgon, analmo;
John Rosenfeld's Sons.
Schr Len Sweasey, Johnson, Mazatlan; Wra
Olsen.
SAILED.
Friday. October IS.
Stmr Gipsy,. Leland. Santa Cruz,
Stmr Bonita, Olelow, southern coast.
Stmr Weeott. Burtis, Eureka.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr Umatilla. Cousins. Victoria and Port
Townsend. , :
Stmr South Portland, Hall, Tacoma.
Schr W F Jewel Johnson. Columbia River.
Schr North Ben ', Pnlrngren, Grays Harbor.
Schr Sacramento, Cruggel. Tillamook.
"' '' : TELEGRAPHIC. •.
POINT LOBOS, Oct 13, 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind NW; velocity 12 miles.
SPOKEN.
Oct 4.. lat 42 10 N. lon 3S 48 W— Br ship
Sierra Nevada, hence June 7, for Queenstown.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
VENTURA— Oct Stmr Pasadena,
from San Pedro.
IVERSENS LANDlNG— Arrived Oct 13— Schr
Ocean Spray, hence Oct 11. ■"
COOS BAY— Sailed Oct 12— Stmr Areata, for
San Francisco. , .
Bar bound Oct ■ Stmr Empire, for Saa
Francisco.
Arrived Oct 13— Stmr Alliance, from Eureka,
and sailed for Astoria.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Oct Stmr Gract
Dollar, hence Oct 9.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 13— Stmr Laguna. hna
Oct 11: stmr Brunswick, hence Oct li.
Sailed Oct 13— Schr Metha Nelson, for — ;
schr Lizzie Vance, for San Pedro; stmr Po
mona, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 10— Schr Casoo, from
Cape Nome.
Sailed Oct Stmr Progreso. for San Fran-
' ASTORIA— Arrived Oct 13— Stmr Fulton, hnc
ASTORlA— Arrived Oct 13— Stmr Fulton, hnc
Oct 10
DUTCH HARBOR— Arrived Sept 29— Stmr La
ruda, from Seattle.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Oct 13— Schr Alice, fm
Eureka.
I;.' 'WENS LANDlNG— Arrived Oct Schr.
Monterey, Corinthian, Bender Brothers and
Mary Etta, hence Oct 12.
GREENWOOD— SaiIed Oct 13— Stmr Whltes
boro. for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Oct 18-Stmr Sequoia,
for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Oct 13— ship Blairgow
rie, for Liverpool; schr Volunteer, for Baa
Francisco, ,_•.•.-;-,;.;•'
FOREIGN PORTS.
HAIPONG— SaiIed Sept 19— Br stmr City ot
Dublin, for Tacoma, via Japan.
LONDON— In port Oct I— Br ship Bardowle,
for San Francisco.
COLON— Arrived Oct 11— Stmr Advance, from
New York.
Sailed Oct 11— Stmr Alllanca, for New York.
NEWCASTLE. Arrived Oct 11— Br ship
Clan Graham, to load for San Francisco. " Oct
Bark Alex McNeil, from Port Pirie, to load
for Honolulu.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 13— Stmr Pa.atia,
i from Hamburg, etc.
HAMBURG— Oct Stmr Patricia,
from New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Oct 18— Stmr Cam
pania, from New York for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
B*w Steamers leave Broadway
*&§*""_*. wharf, San Francisco.
f_B(fc___ For Alaskan pcrts, 10 a.m.,
PJ^S^Sb**. ° c t- 3 - 8. 13, ll 23. 28; Nov.
' __%B_sr^__l -- change at Seattle. .
___aw*__sl For Victoria, Vancouver
______S(ri_-_fLl (B. C.),, Port Townsend. Se-
**"^^_S3_fc?S_ attic, Tacoma, Everett, Ana-
""""lfia^R cortes and New Whatcom
"77*-. (Wash). 10 a. m., Oct. I. 8.
13. IS, 23. 28; Nov. 2. and
! every fifth day thereafter; change at Seattle
to this company's steamers for Alaska and
1 Q N. Ry.; at Tnconia to N. P. Ry.; at Van-
j couver to C. P. Hy. . . • __
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m., Oct.
6, 11, 18. 21. it, 31; Nov. 5 and every fifth
day thereafter. ■■•■■'•- _ _ •
Fcr Santa Craz, Monterey, San Simeon,
Cavucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
Gaviota, Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport 8 a. m., Oct. 8, 7. 11. 13. 1?. 23. .27. Si;
i Nov. 4 and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
! ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
i Lo° Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
! m "Oct. 8. 9. 13, 17. 21. 26, 29; Nov. 2, and every
I fourth day thereafter. .-";•-
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Joee del
I Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, 1* Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 19 a. m.. 7th of each
month. ___
For further Information obtain a folder.
The company reserves the right to change
! without previous notice steamers, sailing date.
and hours of sailing. _,' .
TICKET OFFICE— New Montgomery
street (Palace Hctel). _, , __
GOODALL. PERKINS ft CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 Market St., Pan Francisco.
THE 0. R, & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Pne-r-i-treet Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE «12 First Class Including Berth
IAiIC $8 Second Class end Meals.
I STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails. ...Oct. 5. 15, 26
I COLUMBIA sails .........Oct. 10, 20, , 30
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points ln the Northwest,
1 Through tickets to all points East.
EC. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., '*<r*
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LlNE-
hew TORS, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PASTS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
' From New Tork Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
Bt Paul Oct. 181 St. Paul Nov. I
New Tork Oct. 25 New York Nov. IS
St. Louis... Nov. ISt. Louis Nov. 22-
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Westernland ...Oct. lSlFriesland Nov. _
Kensington Oct. 2"' Southwark .....Nov. 13
i Nordland Nov. 1 Westernland ...Nov. 21
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight and
passage apply to
! INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery St.. or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISENKATsfII
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner -of First and Brannan streets," lp.' _
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlcgo), Nagasaki - and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers' for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing. ■-
AMERICA-MARU Saturday. Ootober 14
HONGKONG-MARU.. Wednesday. November 1
NIPPON-MARU Saturday. November 25
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
, .... W. H. AVERY, General Agent.
OOMPAGNIB OKNKRALE TRANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -^__-
Sailing every Thursday instead of <^ffTt\
Saturday, from November 2. 1.599. at -'•*-'«£*»•
10 a.- m. fropi Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton st. LA GASCOGNE. Oct. 21;. LA
BRETAGNE. Oct. 28; LA TOURAINE, Nov.
2; LA CHAMPAGNE. Nov. 9; LA NORMAN-
DIE. Nov. 16: LA GASCOGNE. Nov. 23; I/A
TOURAINE. Nov. 80; LA BRETAGNE, Dec. '7
First-class to Havre, $60 and upward: 5 per
cent reduction on round trio. Second-class to
Havre. $45; 5 per cent reduction on round trio.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson build-
ing). New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pa-
cific Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery aye., San
Francisco. ,:•■..'---:•;
P_Pf_ll__r. The s ' S. Australia
K_9»_l_i_ sails for Honolulu
{*-_-•___-_' Wednesday, October
■, IS, at 2 p. m.
x>*^- I • S. S. Moana sails
iIM.fN.!.W via Honolulu and
11601101111' Auckland for Sydney
(CmfiWU-* Wednesday, Nov. .J.
-.v-U'WUiH-T a t io p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa. New Zealand, Australia, India, Suez.
England, etc.; $610 first class.
I. D. SPRECKELS « BROS. CO., Agts., 114 Montgomen
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St. Freight Offlce. 327 Market St.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBS. "'
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO,
Steamer ""donticello."
MON.. Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 3:43
a. m., 3:13. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night), Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. m., J
p. m. : Landing and offlce, Mission-street Don*.,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE *f.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
1314
REPUBLICANS TO
CHEER A WINNING
TICKET TO-NIGHT
Horace Davis to Talk
to the People.
» •
FINANCE COMMITTEE FORMED
♦•
FELLING OF VACANCIES ON THE
SUPERVISORIAL TICKET.
•
Jlayoralty Nomination of the Peo
ple's Party — Dictator McNab's
County Committee As
sembles.
Citizens will assemble at Metropolitan
Hall this evening to ratify the ticket
placed in the field by the Republican
Municipal Convention. Hon. Horace
Davis, the able and distinguished nominee
for Mayor, will address the meeting.
Other speakers of ability will also enter
tain and instruct the audience.
The Republicans enter the local contest
•with a firm determination to achieve suc
cess by appealing to the Intelligence and
civic patriotism of the great city of San
Francisco. Prominent men who have
hitherto paid but little attention to elec
tion contests other than those of national
character are coming forward at the pres
ent time pledging their energies to pro
mote the success of the Republican mu
nicipal ticket as th means of securing
tjood government lor the residents of San
_-'ran Cisco.
Old timers and young men alike will
Join in giving Horace 'avis cheering rec
cgnitlon. He has rendered the working
men, the merchants, the bankers, the ed
ucators, the boys and the girls of this
town so many honorable and helpful ser
vices during the past forty years that all
Will be glad to give him the hand of
friendship and wish him success. Horace
Davis in a man of the plain people, whose
lot in life was cast ami ; the I tilers;
hence it is not singular that he Is a man
of human sympathies. He is not what
• the rich and smart set would term a bril
liant man, but he is sincere, honest and
truthful, possessing a fund of sound Com
mon sense useful to the city, and more
to bo prized in a public servant than
flashes of oratorical genius.
The Horace Davis Central Republican
Club headquarters. History building, 723
Market street, Is daily gaining large ac
cessions of members. Republicans ip
preclate the fact that they I i+ve a laud
light ahead of them, but confidence in
their ability to Win is hourly increasing.
The merchants are particularly active tn
the cause of good government Yester
day the finance committee of the cam
paign was organized. Fourteen leading
men of the city wire Invited to meet at
the office of Henry T. Scott on Market
street, and not a man whose services on
the committee were sought failed to re
spond. Money necessary for the legiti
mate conduct of the campaign will doubt
less be contributed by the enterprising
taxpayers of the community. At the
meeting were: Irving M. Scott, George
... Newhall, John F. Merrill. W. H.
Crocker, P. N. LiHenthal. Colonel William
Macdonald, Mr. Sic-. of Miller, Sloss &
Pcott, and others. The committee elected
TV. li. Crocker treasurer.
The committee appointed by the Repub
lican convention to fill vacancies on the
ticket will meet to-day. Only two vacan
cies are to be filled. Mr. Koster, whose
name was placed on the ticket for Super
visor without his consent, declined to ac
cept for the reason that business affairs
would not Justify his acceptance. I. J.
Truman, treasurer, will be placed on the !
ticket, to fill the first vacancy. Joseph
Britton accepted a nomination bill de
cided after reflection to withdraw. When
he accepted he had not fully weighed the
proposition, but had simply "hefted" It
The story goes that Pheian persuaded
him to retire and wrote a letter which
lias since placed one or both in a bad
plight Emmet Barrett, a sterling man
of worth and character, will be placed on
the ticket to fill this vacancy. The com
mittee had a list of fifty acceptable men ]
for each place. Mr. Koster. whose dec
lination was regretted, is in full sympathy
with the Republican movement for reform
in municipal affairs and will give Horace
Davis earnest support
The new Republican County Com
mittee will meet at 723 Market street at
7:30 o'clock this evening and proceed to
the election of a chairman and secre
tary. The session will be brief, as the
members will desire to attend the rati
fication meeting at Metropolitan Hall.
Delegates Meakln, Kinno and Walsh,
comprising a committee from the People's
party convention, waited upon Senator R
Porter Ashe yesterday and urged him not
to decline the party's nomination for
Mayor. The Populists are confident of
polling a very large vote. It is claimed
that thousands of Democrats of the
Bryan following will not recognize the
McNab convention, but on the contrary
will acknowledge the People's party as
the regular Democratic organization.
DEMOCRATS ORGANIZE.
County Committee Re-Elects
All Its Former Officers.
The newly appointed members of the
Democratic County Committee came to
gether last night at B'nai B'rith Hall on
Eddy street and effected permanent or
ganization. M.- Jasper McDonald was
elected to succeed himself as chairman
and a like honor was done Thomas J.
"Walsh, the secretary. Leo B. Coffin was
elected treasurer by acclamation, upon
motion of E. I. Coffey.
Mr McDonald was placed in nomination
by Emll Pohll in an intricate but well
executed speech. He spoke of his nomi
nee's long and good service in the party
and was frequently applauded. Andrew
J. Maguire offered Mr. Walsh's name and
was as happy as was Pohli in his Intro
ductory remarks. Both candidates were
elected by acclamation.
Although he failed to squeeze through
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Story of Sterility,
SUFFERING AND RELIEF. _
[letter to mbs. pinxhau ho. 69,186!
"Dear Mrs. Pinkjiam Two years
ago I began having such dull, heavy
dragging pains in my back, menses
were profuse and painful, and was
troubled was lcucorrhoea. I took
patent medicines and consulted a phy-
sician, but received no benefit and
could not become pregnant. Seeing
one of your books, I wrote to you tell-
ing you my troubles and asking for
advice. You answered my letter
promptly and I followed the directions
faithfully, and derived so much benefit
that I cannot praise Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound enough.
I now find myself pregnant and have
begun its use again. I cannot praise
it enough." — Mits. Cora Gujso-*, Yates,
Makistee, Mich.
"Yonr Medicine Worked Wonders."
"I had been sick ever since my mar-
riage, seven years ago; have given
birth to four children, and had two
miscarriages. I had falling of womb,
leueorrhcea, pains in back and legs;
dyspepsia and a nervous trembling of
the stomach. Now I have none of these
troubles and can enjoy my life. Your
medicine has worked wonders for
me. '_-— Mas. S. Baj_s_i___t, New Castle,
Pa "
SAN FRANCISCO WAS AT
THE MERCY OF THE IOWA
For the First Time in the History of the Port a Warship Clears for
Action*
FOR half an hour yesterday San Francisco lay at
the mercy of a ship-of-war. The big fighting ma
chine lowa was cleared for action and the shotted
guns were trained upon the city. The officers were
all at their posts, the range had been found, the
gunners stood to their guns, and all that was needed was
the word of command to lay the Queen City of the Pacific
in ruins. instead of the order to commence firing, how
ever, 'the cartridges were withdrawn from the guns, the
deck hamper was restored to its place, the lifeboats were
recalled to the ship and in an hour from the time prepara
tions began everything was going along on board the
warship as though such a thing as a sea fight had never
been heard of.
The boys on the lowa have not forgotten how to clear
their ship for action. The speed with which they got her
ready for a brush with the Spanish fleet was noted at the
time, but yesterday, in the piping days of peace, they
equaled if not excelled that record. Soon after breakfast
the order was given to put the ship in fighting trim. AH
the lifeboats and launches were sent over to the cruiser
Marblehead; the wire netting around the ship was taken
down; the bridge was removed; the big cranes that hoist
the steam launches inboard were lowered; the yard on the
pole that surmounts the fighting top was taken down and
stowed away, the fighting tops were manned, and in the
I the primaries with any delegates from his i
I own district, Senator Sammy Braunhart
took a large and conspicuous part in the ,
I evening's programme and was handed a
committee on rules of five members as hw
reward. Chairman McDonald promised
to submit the names at a future date.
Louis de F. Bartlett moved the appoint
ment of a campaign committee, one mem
ber to be selected from each Assembly ;
District. His motion carried and the'
chairman made a similar announcement
Then there were loud cries of "Popper.
"Popper," from the back of the hall, and
Max of that name got up to hand out a
few points on "How J would conduct this
campaign if I were younger." Mr. Pop
per's style and delivery had suffered noth
ing by long disuse and his speech was the
feature of the entertainment. In opening
he gracefully presented himself with sev
eral handsome floral designs and gave off
to his hearers the comforting assurance
that the coming campaign was to be th«
easiest thing although the hardest that
Democracy ever got to windward of, and
that although already won every one
would have to fight hard to make the
campaign a success. Continuing, he said
that Horace Davis could not and should
not be elected, because he had never read
the funding bill, and he then pointed with
I pride to the fact that Mayor Pheian had
not only road it but sent telegrams to
every Congressman in Washington con
cerning it. Mr. Popper's suggestions were
received with loud applause, which was ,
only interrupted by a motion by some one
in the back of the hall to appoint a com
mittee of five to purge the Great Register j
"for the benefit of the party." The mover
offered no suggestions as to how this
scheme could be worked, so it was re- :
ferred to the campaign committee for con- i
sideration. Adjournment was taken to j
the call of the chair.
Citizens' Republican Party.
The County Committee of the Citizens' :
Republican party met at Foresters' build
ing, 102 O'Farrell street, last night and
perfected organization by the election of
Joseph E. Lee chairman and George li.
Pettis secretary. On motion the chairman
was authorized to appoint a campaign ;
committee and announce the same at the
meeting of the County Committee on
Thursday next. It was decided to open
headquarters and conduct the same dur- j
ing the present campaign.
MRS. KOPP MUST
BE TRIED OVER AGAIN
; The Jury Disagrees as to Her Guilt in
Shooting Her Husband —
to One for Acquittal.
The Jury in whose hands rested the fate
I of Mrs. Louisa Kopp, charged with man-
I slaughter for having shot her husband on
June 28 last, disagreed last night and was
discharged. it is understood that the
members stood eleven to one for acquittal.
Judge Ferral, Mrs. Kopp's .attorney,
managed by tact to work up an incident
; that doubtless wavered the jury In the
• prisoner's favor. Mrs. Bertha Monti, the
woman who it is alleged was responsible
for tin; shooting of Kopp by reason of her
relations with him, was in the courtroom
and took a seat near the defendant. As
sistant District Attorney Greany, it was
expected, had concluded to call Mrs.
Monti as a witness in rebuttal to prove
that the allegation of her intimacy with
the dead was not based on fact. He failed
to call her, however, and after the case
had rested Judge Ferral stated that all
witnesses would now be excused. Mrs.
Monti kept her seat despite the fixed
stare of the attorney, and then Judge Fer
ial, seeing that she was not easily fright
ened, asked the court to read the order
allowing all witnesses to retire. Again
Judge Ferral turned and fixed his eyes on
Mrs. Monti and this time she lost her
nerve. Hastily rising from her seat she
fled the room and was not seen again. The
Incident caused considerable comment and
all in favor of the accused.
If >-'->_ have never tasted Jesse Moore "A A"
whiskey, try It and be convinced that It la the
best whiskey In the world.
NOTORIOUS BRASS THIEF.
Charles McDevitt, Alias "the Monk,"
Arrested on a Felony Charge.
Charles McDevitt, alias "The Monk." an
ex-convict and all-around thief, who has
for the past fifteen years been a thorn in
the flesh of the special officers of the
Southern Pacific Company, is in trouble
again.
He was released from the County Jail
Thursday morning after serving a term
of thirty days for stealing brass from the
Southern Pacific machine shops, the
charge having been reduced from burg
lary to petty larceny. In the evening be
THE SA3ST Ay CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1899.
incredibly short space of half an hour there was nothing
left for; the enemy to aim at but the armored hull, the
fighting mast and the smokestacks.
incredibly short space of half an hour there was nothing
left for the enemy to aim at but the armored hull, the
fighting mast and the smokestacks.
It took Just half an hour to get the battleship back
into her old condition, and then life went on aboard the
lowa as though nothing had happened. The men worked
like machines and there was not a hitch from the moment
the drill began until It was finished.
"The beauty of it all." said one of the officers, "Is that
the boys act just the same in a fight as they do in a drill.
There was no excitement when we were getting ready for
the work cut out for us off the coast of Cuba, and there
was no excitement to-day when we were clearing the
ship for action. The American sailor Is the greatest and
coolest fighting machine the world has ever seen."
The charing of the lowa for battle yesterday was the
first time in the history of the port that such a drill has
taken place. Hundreds of warships have lain peacefully
at anchor in the bay, but never before has one stowed all
the emblems of peace and taken on the visage of grim
war. Stripped of all her deck hamper, the lowa looked
what she is— a terrible engine of destruction.
During the afternoon Major General Shafter paid a
friendly sit to the captain of the battleship. As It was
not an official event no salute was fired when the general
left the lowa.
ARNOLD MEYER KILLED
BY TOUCHING A LIVE WIRE
WHILE engaged In decorating
Market street ln honor of the
Golden Jubilee of the Odd Fel
lows, Arnold Meyer, ; aged 19
years, who was employed by
Charles Goldberg, a decorator at 624 Ellis
street, was almost Instantly killed last
evening by coming in contact with a live
wire. In his hurry to complete the deco
rations Meyer thoughtlessly grabbed the
death-dealing wire and received! a shock
that resulted In his death a few minutes
later. .', ;
Shortly before 6 o'clock, Meyer, with
two assistants, started to stretch a string
of flags across Market street, near Sixth.
The unfortunate young man entered the
building at 1007*_ Market street, and,
standing on the fire escape, he called to
his fellow workers to pass the 1 string of
flags to him. Ills object was to fasten one
end to the fire escape and the other to
the building on the opposite side; of the
street. While adjusting the string Meyer
grabbed hold of the deadly wire for sup
port, j 1
The shock was so great that : he was
hurled to the bottom of the fire! escape.
Ills agonizing shriek attracted the atten
tion of F. H. Brans, who has |an office
in the building, and he rushed to the un
fortunate man's assistance. Me was
quickly picked up and carried Into Bruns'
office. A few minutes later he (breathed
his last and his body was taken to the
Morgue. i '
broke into the machine shops at Fourth
and Townsend streets and stole six brass
journal bearings. He was caught in the
act by Special Detective Lewin and Spe
cial Officer Madden of the company and
charged at the City Prison with felony
petty larceny, second offense. j i
McDevitt appeared before Judge Conlan
yesterday, and by consent the case was
continued till Monday. Every effort will
be made to send him across; the bay
again. _ • '-..
Some Like It Hot.
In fact everybody likes It that tray when
It's nice roast canvaiback duck at Zflnkand's. •
Teachers' Annuities. | j
The San Francisco Public School Teach
ers' Annuity and Retirement Society met
Arnold Meyer.
An examination of the body disclosed
that the index linger of the right hand
was badly burned by contact with the
deadly - iluid. There was also a severe
bruise on the side of the head, caused
by falling against the stairs of the fire
escape after receiving the shock.
Bruns, the dentist, was seated in his
office, which faces the fire escape, when
the accident happened.
"Meyer asked my permission to go
through my ofllce to reach the fire es
cape," he remarked when telling the
story cf the accident. "As I had no ob
jection he opened the window and climbed
on to the fire escape. His two assistants
quickly followed him, and while he as
cended the stairs of the fire escape they
remained on the lower platform, ready to
render any assistance he desired. Just as
he had fastened the string of flags to the
fire escape he suddenly threw up his
hands and uttering a piercing shriek fell
to the bottom, his head striking against
the Iron steps.
"We hurriedly picked him up and car
ried him into my offlce. A short time
afterward he dud."
Meyer, in addition to being a decorator,
was an extra man in the Fire Depart
ment.
After the body had been taken to the
Morgue an affecting scene occurred there,
which brought tears to the eyes of the
spectators. The mother of the boy and
his uncle. Martin Aronson, both of whom
are deafmutes, viewed the remains, and
their demonstrations of sorrow by signs
were pitiful in the extreme. The unfortu
nate boy was the only support of his
mother and five brothers.
in the chambers of the Board of Educa
tion yesterday afternoon with Superin
tendent Webster in the chair. Prelimin
ary preparations were made for the bene
fit entertainment to be given in the near
future. ..:"-;-
The annuitants now number twenty-one.
It is designed to increase the income so
that the annuity and retirement fund
shall not be exhausted in twenty months,
at which time the pro rata clause would
become operative and reduce the present
pensions about 30 per cent. All 'claims on
the fund up to October 1 have been paid,
leaving a balance of $5831 90 in the retire
ment fund. The permanent fund on Octo
ber 1 amounted to $6908 34. The number
contributing $1 a month is 782, and the
number contributing 50 cents a month is
about seventh-live.
LITTLE FELLED
COUNSEL WHO
OPPOSED HIM
Attorney Bowden Was
His Victim.
— •
ROW OVER DIVORCE SUIT
•
PLAINTIFF OBJECTED TO A
CHANGE OF VENUE.
♦
Tbe Court Granted the Motion, How
ever, and He Lost His Temper
and Will Now Be
Arrested.
I The little matter of an argument for a
I change of venue in a divorce suit caused
| a large row outside of Judge Dainger
| field's court yesterday afternoon. James
! Little. of San Jose is mixed in a divorce
I action and for some reason Mrs. Little
prefers that the matter be carried to the
Sacramento courts for final settlement.
There is- some objection to this on the
part of the other side and this objection
augmented the bitter feeling already
caused by the bringing of the suit tor
j legal separation.
A motion for a change of venue was on |
Judge Daingerfield's calendar yesterday I
and the hour of hearing found all people I
on hand. Little is the plaintiff in this
action, but his wife, Alice, appears In
that role in a similar action instituted in
San Jose. As Little had proved to the
satisfaction of his wife that he would not
avoid trouble other than legal if the occa
sion presented itself, he having at one
time been arrested for an attempt upon
the life of one Mr. Stewart of San Jose,
whom he charged with harboring his wife,
trouble was in a measure expected when
the case was called yesterday. Attorney
Bowden of San Jose was not deterred,
however, by reason of Little's combative
temperament from expressing an opin- |
ion of his various characteristics and the ■
manner in which he alleged ne had treat
ed his wife. Law was quoted, facts es
tablished and reasons advanced in sup
port of the motion for a change of venue
and with each passing point Little be
came more uneasy. His attorney, Mr.
j King, managed to keep his desire for
■ trouble within bounds for some time,
i nevertheless, but finally, after the case
i was submitted and Judge Daingerfield
I had decided that the little woman who
appealed for a change of place of trial
Ishoud be granted her motion, Little lost
himself. He made but little noise, but I
evidently thought much, until the corri- I
dor was reached. Mr. Bowden with his
client was walking along the corridor,
but just as he was opposite the District
Attorney's office he received a jolt mat
hurled him through the public prosecu
j tor's door and landed him in a reclining
posture on the floor. In an instant all
was excitement. Little had assaulted the
attorney with either a revolver or some
blunt instrument, the crowd about said,
and then a general mixup was imminent
Little avoided further trouble by with
drawing from the scene of action.
Bowden found his feet and rushed in
search of a Police Judge to secure a war
rant for his assailant's arrest He spent
some time in the corridors of the City
Hall without result, but later in the even
ing he located Judge Mogan and a war
rant was km:, In the warrant Bowden
charged Little with an assault with a
deadly weapon and considering the na
ture of the assault the court fixed the
defendant's bail at $3000. Little had not
fallen into the hands of the police up to
a late hour last night, but doubtless his
name will appear on the prison register
before the day is donc._____________________l
M'ADIE GAVE TIMELY
WARNING TO FARMERS
THUNDERSTORM AT FRESNO
AND SNOW IN NEVADA.
State Mining Outlook Is Good— Many
Plants Will Start Up— Good
Water Supply Certain.
Mr. McAdie was greatly elated yester
day at the good work done by the
Weather Bureau in warning the farmers
and grape-growers of the San Joaquin
Valley of the rainstorm.
"Owing to our forecasts," said Mr. Mc
I Adie. "hardly any loss was sustained in
the valley. Every one had ample time to
get his crops or raisins under cover. The
bureau has received several letters of
thanks from various points. ,
"The storm, which began last night and
had spent most of its force by this morn
j Ing, was the heaviest experienced in the
I State for fifty years.
"Up to 5 o'clock to-night 1.63 inches of
rain has fallen in San Francisco.
"The State as a whole has received
groat benefit from the storm, although
there are a few growls to he heard from
the grail) men. They claim that several
thousand acres of unharvested grain have
suffered.
"At 5 o'clock to-night a thunderstorm
is raging In Fresno, and .70 of an inch of
rainfall is reported from there since
morning."
lii Nevada and Utah there has been a
heavy snowfall, but damage to stock will
be very small, as most of it was under
shelter. On the other hand, the snow will
be of the greatest benefit to mining men,
the prospects being much improved at the
promise of plenty of water. Many mines
which have of late shut down owing to
lack of water will resume operations
both below and above ground.
At San Jose the rain has, on the whole,
been of great service, putting out the'
remnants of forest fires and starting the
grass.
Some damage has been done to shipping
at Long Beach. Several small boats were
stove in, and the sloop Elk was ground
to splinters in the surf. The float at the
end of the wharf broke from Its moorings
and destroyed part of the wharf.
To-day with the passing of the storm
there will be a cool spell, the cold proba
bly Increasing until Sunday morning,
when it is very likely there will be slight
frosts. The wind changed last night and
blew briskly from the northwest.
Tlie ship Servia, which arrived last
week from New York, brings 110 cases
of novel pattern linoleums consigned to
the Pattosien Company of San Francisco,
and the steamer Queen Adelaide, now at
Portland from Kobe, Japan, lias 1600 rolls
of matting on board for the same firm *
HURT BY A RUNAWAY.
A. J. Duncan, a Rancher From Vaca-
ville, Found a Telegraph Pole
Inadequate to Save Him.
| A runaway team belonging to Morton's
I stables and hired by Dr. Buckley created
! a sensation on Market street yesterday
| about noon and several people narrowly
I escaped being run over and seriously in-
I jured.
The team was standing outside the Par
rott building in charge of Harry Cassidy
a boy living at 39 Cumberland street'
when they got scared and bolted. 1 . _
boy hung on to the lines, but was una"ble
to stop the frightened animals. A J
Duncan, a rancher from Vacaville was
standing on Market street, near Fifth
waiting for a friend, who was getting
shaved in a barber shop, ard when he
saw the runaways approaching him he
took refuge behind a telegraph pole The
team made straight for the pole and Dun
can, paralyzed with fear, crouched down
The team collided with the pole and one
of the horses was thrown to the ground
and they were soon quieted.
Duncan was picked up in a semi-con
scious^ condition by Policemen Drlscoll
and Chase and sent to the Receiving Hos
pita] in the ambulance, where it was
found he had escaped with a lacerated
wound on the forehead, which was
stitched and dressed. He did not know
what had struck him. The boy, Cassidy
was thrown out of the buggy, but escaped
with a few scratches.
Hales. j
odd fellows' decorations— flags, banners and
festooning ; emblematic calling cards.
tailored suits and
jackets
20 ladies' fine tan kersey cloth jack-
ets, 6-button fronts, taffeta silk lined
throughout, finely tailored and strap
finished; to sell at $15; Hale's price..
• $10
36 ladies' black homespun cheviot,
separate skirts, finely braided and
well lined; perfect fitting; a $6 jacket,
for $4.50
15 ladies' tailor-made suits of black
cheviot, fly front, jacket silk lined,
skirt well made and lined with per-
caline; one of Hale's best values at..
$10
25 children's golf capes in red, blue
and green, with hood; another Hale's
value at % 3
15 misses' golf capes in blue, with
hood; taffeta silk lined and faced; ex-
cellent value at $4
black beauties in
silk
black peau de sole, a double-faced
satin, very popular for separate skirts
or full costumes; comes in the fol-
lowing widths and prices — in., 75c;
20 in., 85c; 21 in., $1, $1.25 and $1.50;
23 in.. $2.25 a yard.
black satin duchess, the kind that
carries Hale's guarantee with It; 21
inches wide 75c yard
same, 22 inches wide, $1, $1.25, $1.50,
$2 and $2.25 a yard.
millinery mention
we are showing trimmed hats in
the popular colors and styles for fall,
with an individuality about .them
I that marks their worth—
•the "Lillian," a fur-felt hat in all
! desirable shades; a suitable school
hat for misses 75c
29 dozen jet and steel ornaments,
from small to large, simple to elabor-
ate; a handsome collection to pick
; from 2"_c to 25c
GRAND JURY BEGINS
ITS INVESTIGATION
I PHEIAN REITERATES HIS RE
CENT CHARGES.
Witnesses Called but the Mayor Was
Late and the Meeting Went
Over to Tuesday.
The Grand Jury yesterday afternoon
opened its investigation of the indefinite
charges of Jobbery made by Mayor Pheian
against the Board of Supervisors. Mayor
Phelan's charges were the outcome of the
recently relieved shortage in City and
County Hospital funds, and as his letter
to the jury contained nothing tangible
enough to base a line of action upon he
was one of the first witnesses called yes
terday. He did not make his appearance,
i however, until nearly 5 o'clock, and the
hour being so late the other witnesses
who had gathered were dismissed until
Tuesday next at 2 o'clock.
When Mayor Pheian was called upon to
state his case he reiterated the statement
that the Hospital Committee of the Board
..I Supervisors had bought non-contract
goods in the open market at prices higher
than should have been paid, and that in a
great many cases goods had been bought
in open market which could as well have
been purchased from the regular contrac
tors. The Mayor made no specific charges.
He dealt rather In generalities and held
that the shortage in question had resulted
from extravagance rather than an insuf
ficient appropriation.
Frank McCann, agent for Patek & Co..
the meat contractors, and ex-Supervisor
Clinton were also examined, McCann upon
the connection of his firm with the Super
visors and Clinton regarding the methods
pursued by the last board in providing for
the hospital's needs. The investigation
will be begun in earnest on Tuesday next
at L' o'clock, and it is not expected that a
great deal of time will be burned up in
pushing it through.
- •—<»»♦
PROFESSOR WHEELER DINED.
Council of the General Alumni
Honor Berkeley's New
President.
Tho council of the General Alumni As
sociation of the University of California
gave a banquet at the California Hotel
last evening to President Benjamin lde
"Wheeler.
The object of the dinner" was to give
those composing the council an oppor
tunity to become acquainted -with the new
head of the college which Is their alma
mater.
Nearly every department of the big in
stitution of learning was represented in
the sixteen gentlemen who gathered
around the board and at the call of Pro
fessor W. E. Ritter, president of the
council, who acted as toastmaster for the
occasion, the following guests got upon
their feet and succeeded each other in
bright and witty speeches complimentary
to the distinguished gentleman whom
they had come together to honor: Dr. L.
Van Orden, Dr. W. L. Brewer, J. C.
Whitworth, Dr. A. D. d'Arrcona, "W. R.
Davis and G. E. Bacon.
After listening to all the complimentary
things that these gentlemen had to say
about him Professor Wheeler arose and
in a few appropriate remarks expressed
his pleasure In meeting those represent
ing. the earlier years of the university's
career and his appreciation of the honor
that they had done him.
The dinner was purely an informal af
fair and had no bearing whatever on
public matters connected with the uni
versity.
» m ■ — .
"STRIVING FOR THE MOON."
Rabbi Voorsanger Says Success Is
Impossible Without Toil.
In his sermon last night at Temple
Emanu-El Rabbi Voorsanger took for his
subject "Striving for the Moon," in which
he spoke of the continual effort made
by mankind to attain the unattainable.
"Many of us," he said. "are like the
little child who stretches out his hands
to the moon in the belief that the bright
orb will come to it. So are we still dream
ing that we can reach the moon, or, in
other words, jump from the cause to the
effect without labor on our part when we
know quite well that labor alone insures
the effect. It is a mistake for us to think
that we have only to reach out our hands
to pluck the fruit of success, and that the
possession of an Aladdin's lamp will help
us to discover wealth. Man. instead of
following the road, that by his own per
severance, by the application of his own
ability and by his unyielding and unbend
ing will leads to fortune, rather seeks the
other course and believes that by simply
reaching out his hand he will attain the
full extent of his ambition. Man forgets
that the worjd and men in it are ruled
by laws which are unchangeable. Man
is born to toil and he will not succeed
unless he has put his noblest energy tf.
the test. Man without toil becomes an
apathetic creature tuat will degenerate
and be wiped from the face of the earth."
FOR THE JUBILEE.
The Odd Fellows Are Busily Arrang
ing for the Celebration Next .
Week.
The time Is fast approaching when the
Odd Fellows of San Francisco, assisted by
a very large contingent from cities and
towns as far north as Sacramento and as
far south as Los Angeles, will celebrate
the fiftieth anniversary of the founding
Hales. _^
of success — good goods,
proper prices and prompt
service, we're here to do
business in a satisfactory
way.
ostrich boas
I ostrich feather boas, off of the real
i turds; a stylish, warm neekdress for
winter; best dye— a deep glossy black.
36 inches long, $9, $10 and $13; 40
inches long, $n ; 45 inches long, $12
and $14; 48 inches long, $18.50; 54
inches long, $17.50 and $22.
good hosiery
children's heavy ribbed fast black
cotton hose, 3-thread. hard twisted,
elastic yarn; double heels and toes,
_£ rt h ? a , vy doubl e knees; sizes 6 to
»■_; Hales "flyer," at 12"_c pair
... , , $1.38 dozen
ladies Imported full fashioned black
cotton hose, Louis Hermsdorf black,
full length, elastic tops, double soles,
heels and toes; sizes 8"_ to 10; 3 pairs
for 50c
table dishes
selections from that busy bazaar
downstairs— only a few steps down— a
wonder when you get there -
9*_-inch decorated china cake
plates 35
6-inch decorated china" "dessert
1 plates 15-
-4*_-inch decorated "sauce
dishes i2c
decorated china cracker jar."! 50c
decorated china milk jug "lOc
glass sugar shaker, with plated top,
10c
935, 937, 939, 941, 943, 945, 947
Market Street.
of Odd Fellowship in California. The
executive committee has received from
within the order a large sum of money,
which is being expended in making the
celebration, which will commence next
Tuesday and is to last several days, a
great success, and the indications are that
it will be.
The streets along which there will be a
procession next Thursday are being made
gay with decorations under the direction
of L. G. Schord. the chairman of the
decoration committee, and thousands of
emblematic banners, together with Amer
ican Hags, are being stretched across a
portion of Van Ness avenue, Market,
Montgomery, Bush and Kearny streets.
A force of electricians is at work wiring
the Odd Fellows' Temple at Seventh and
Market streets with electric lights. The
building will he illuminated from the line
of the second story to the top of the
clock tower.
A great many booths to be used by the
four branches of the order are being
erected in the Mechanics' Pavilion, and
some of them will be very- artistic.
In the parade there will be a number of
emblematic floats, which are now being
prepared from designs drawn under the
direction of the parade committee, of
which Frank D. Worth is chairman.
Within the past two weeks the entire
membership in this city has awakened to
a realization of the grandeur of the cele
bration, and all are working: hard to make
a display that, will redound to the credit
of the order.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
p*^__ififls
cncoroo'-atco 9B__fr Soft Jamw IBS*
Our Saturday's Specials!
BEST £__£_ BUTTER 50c
Take advantage. Regular, 60c square.
CHOICE J.-:^*, BUTTER 40c
Regular, 60c square.
PETALUMA RANCH EGGS-... 30c
Guaranteed. Regular, 40c dozen.
FAIRBANKS gS^x, 3 lbs 15c
Regular, 20c package.
GRAPE-NUTS, pkg I2&C
GHIRARDELLI'S ___-_._.. -- 1 lb 25g
Regular, 30c can.
H. 0. OATMEAL, pkg I2_c
MACARONI. VERMICELLI, box 20c
Spaghetti. Regular, 25c.
PORT, SHERRY, ANGELICA... 2Sc
5-year-old. Regular, 40c bcttle.
Country orders filled and shipped free of
charge 100 miles. Send for October catalogue.
1848-1354 Market Street.
Opp. "th. Phone S. 292. No Branch Stores. ,'
Swell Lamps
for
Swell People.
Great Left Over Sale
Prices Away Down.
You'll Say So,
When You See Prices.
Great American Import..- Tea Co.
Stores Everywhere,
zoo Stores.
ALL AILMENTS OF MEN CURED,!
DR. METERS * CO. have trie largest prac- £
tice and best equipped medical institution Pi
on the Pacific Coast. Established Vt years. E
PRIVATE BOOK and advice free at offlce f
or by mall. All letters confidential. r
731 Market St., San Francineo. I