VOLUME LXXXVI— >~O 108.
THOUSANDS OF TROOPS, READY FOR WAR, PASS IN REVIEW
BEFORE GENERAL SHAFTER AND STAFF AT THE PRESIDIO
IMPOSING SPECTACLE
Brilliant Scene as the Soldiers of the Regular
Army Parade Before Cheering Crowds of
Enthusiastic Men and Women. .
Nearly 4^oo Men, Equipped in Every Way for
Immediate Service in the Field, March in
Splendid Array Past the Reviewing Post.
TKS air of the Presidio yesterday'
morning was athrill with busr'p falls
and the martial music from half a
dozen bands. Every one. soldier or
civilian, mounted or afoot, armed or
unarmed, was headed for the foot of the '
old parade ground, for It was the day of \
the big: parade, and those who were not j
going to take part w*i» anxious to secure
a place from which they could see i: ai!.
There were three big regiments of in» ]
fantry in line, five foot batteries o" artil- i
iery and a light battery and a tmop of '
cavalry. In -all there were nearly forty- i
five hundred mer-
It was close to 11 o'clock when General j
Bhafter and his staff and Governor Lind '
Of Minnesota and Governor Lee of South !
Dakota, with the members of their staffs \
who are with them on this coast, can- !
tered down the plain and took their places j
beiow the general hospital and in front i
of where the center of the line was to j
be. At the same time, with bands p'.ay- i
ing and colors fluttering gayly in the i
dust-laden wind, the regiments came |
down from the post and formed for re- j
view.
The foot batteries of the Third Artil- j
lery. under command of Lieutenant Col- j
onel Rar.aoiph. took the right of the line. •
their right tlank resting on the beach and !
the companies formed as a battalion in i
close column of companies. Next to the !
artillery was the Twenty-seventh Infan
try, under command of their colonel, j
and then in order the Thirtieth, under
Colonel Gardener, and the -Thirty-first,
under Colonel Pettit. On the left of the !
line was Light Battery C of the Third j
Artillery; commanded by First Lieuten- i
ant Gardener, and Troop G of the Sixth
Cavalry, under Captain West.
"Line of masses" was the formation, j
which, to the uninitiated, means a line j
of battalions, in each of which the four I
companies are formed in company front !
aixd one close behind the other. The bat
talions' were marshaled into line by First
Lieutenant J. D. Leitch. adjutant of the !
Presidio, and when the line had been j
formed he turned it oveY to its command- j
ing- officer. Colonel H. B. Freeman of the \
Twenty-fourth Infantry, commandant of
the PTesidio. Colonel Freeman had rid- i
den out In front of the line, accompanied .
by Captain Kimball. the post quarter- j
master, and Lieutenant McNair, the post j
.-£.-, v s**sSner3j
It was an Imposing sight. The lcrg
quadruple line'^reached from the water's ■
edge! right up almost to the tents of the j
volunteers.
It was straight as a string and as mo
tionless 8 as if petrified. The men were :
all in their blue uniforms, with campaign !
hats and leggins; there was nothing- gay ;
about them, but there was an air that j
meant business. The soldier, dressed for ;
•war. has a bearing that no amount of \
stripes or color can give him. and the |
command that turned out yesterday was i
in every way fitted for immediate service. ;
The Hne beirsjr formed. General Shaftcr. j
■with his staff £.r.d guests, rode around it, ■
the band of each regiment piping up as j
the party came past.
The reviewing officers then took the:r j
station in front of the center again* and j
the trcops were formed for the march ;
past. I"p from the beach came the artil- ';
lery. the band playing its liveliest, and ;
when the head of the column reached the ;
reviewing officers the Sand turned aside, j
and. stopping in front of the general, it ■
played while its own command was pass
ing by. The band of the Twenty-seventh
did the same, ard the other bands all i'ol
lo^red, each wheeling out to take the place j
of the other, which followed on after its i
own command when it had passed. [ It j
took some time for the column to pass, j
and then It was that the people began to j
realize the size of a four-regiment com- J
mand. There was no hitch, however, and j
the whole affair gave to many a new force j
to the phrase "military- precision." There !
was no stop and there was no delay, but
the long column, fifty front, seemed end- j
lees. and when the head of it had lost itself [
back in the post there were battalions still i
waiting their turn to wheel into column J
and follow on past the reviewing officers. !
The members of General Shatter's staff |
who reviewed with him were: General j
Ravrles. commanding the Third Artillery, I
who was with General Shatter by invita- |
tion; Colonel .brook, adjutant general;
Lieutenant Colonel A C. Ducat, aid: Ma- j
Jor Robert H. Noble, aid; Lieutenant Wil- i
son, aid: Colonel Maus, inspector general:
Major Groesbeck, judge advocate: Colonel j
Marshal, chief quartermaster; Major Gal- j
lagher, chief commissary, and Colonel i
Forwood, chief surgeon. The credit for j
the success of the review is due the com- [
manding officer of the troops. Colonel j
Freeman, and his adjutant. Lieutenant j
Leitch.
Lieutenant Colonel Ducat, recently ap- j
pointed to the Forty-ninth Regiment, has j
beer, ordered to report for duty at Jefter- j
son Barracks, St. Louis, where the head- ;
quarters of the regiment will be estab- j
llshed during the time It is being re
cruited. He will start East to-morrow or j
next day. The regiment will be com- :
manded by Captain Wiliam H. Beck, j
Tenth Cavalry.
Sergeant Collins and Private Waller, j
deceased soldiers brought from Manila. j
■were buried in •-.. National Cemetery I
yesterday. Collins was of the Third In- t
fantry and Waller was of the Ninth.
Frederick A- C. Lang of the Seventh .
Infantry died at the general hospital yes- i
terday.
Private Duane Barnes of Company G. I
First California, died at the hospital j
Wednesday night. He was taken to the |
hospital from the Sherman and has been ]
failing steadily since he returned to those }
country. He was suffering from tuber- I
culosis. . I
Captain Charles M. Wing and Second I
Lieutenant John M. Kelso, of the Fortl- !
eth Infantry, have been ordered to duty j
with the battalion now being formed at
the Presidio.
A new general court-martial has been
appointed to meet at the Presidio on
Monday, the ISth inst., for the trial of
such prisoners as may be brought be
fore it. The detail for the court is:
Lieutenant Colonel W. F. Randolph,
Third Artillery; Captain Frank West,
Sixth Cavalry; First Lieutenant- John P.
Hair.B, Third Artillery; First Lieutenant
G. H. McManus. Third Artillery; First
Lieutenant Rogers F. Gardner, Third
Axuuery; Second Lieutesaat a. 2>L iler...
The San Francisco Call.
Lieutenant
-m Forse, Third Artillery, judge ad
vocate.
r.d Lieutenant Richmond Smith of
- rth Infant*- tem
t the Pres -
■
MILITARY RECEPTION IN
HONOR OF THE GOVERNOR
Officers of the First California
and the Heavy Artil
lery Entertain.
The military reception given by the offl- ,
cere of the First California Volunteer In- |
fantry and the California Heavy Artillery
in honor of -the Governor at the Occi
dental Hotel last night was a social and
artistic success and the most briliant mil
itary- function ever seen in San Fran- ,
cisco.
Practically the entire hotel was turned j
over to the committee of arrangements j
for the occasion ar.d under the skillful
direction of Chairman Chauncey M. St. '
John, assisted by Colonel Francis Bean |
and Colonel Joshua Uowell of the Gov
ernor's staff, Major Hooper's popular
hostelry was converted for the time being
into a grand rendezvous for battle-scarred
heroes and society buds and queens. The
former were there in all the glory of
gold braid, gilt buttons and gleaming
swords, and although their faces were j
less fair and their uniforms less bright
than those of the Governor's staff, the
ladies nevertheless appeared to prefer
their society. They were proud of the
soldiers home from the wars, and what
was more, they wanted to hear about the
battles that have been fought in the
far away Philippines from the lips of men !
who took an active part in them. The
officers of the three volunteer regiments
now here— the Callfornias, the South Da
kotas, the Minnesotas and a goodly num
ber of regulars — were there to impart the
desired Information, and they were kept
busy doing so.
The band of the First California Regi
ment serenaded the Governor as he en
tered the building at about 8 o'clock and
then contributed occasional selections in
the hotel corridors while the guests were
gathering for the reception. The entire
second floor had been canvased and the
hallways and parlors rendered beautiful
by lavish decorations of Sags, bunting and
potted palms. Numerous coat and cloak
rooms had been provided at either end of .
th«> building, also several smoking-rooms j
for the special benefit of the weed-loving ,
veterans The main dining-room ha.'; been
cleared for dancing, with a platform
erected at one. side . for the orchestra,
while In the smaller dining-rooms at
either end and opening into the larger
room, tables were spread and refresh
ments served throughout the evening.
The reception was held in the grand
parlors on the Montgomery street side,
and began promptly at 9:15 the Governor
and his wife receiving under a canopy
erected opposite the main entrance. The
long line of quests entered at the upper
end of the parlors and were presented to
the Governor by members of the, reception
committee, the Governor in turn present
ing them to his wife.
The reception committee was composed
of- General and Mrs. W. H. Seamans, j
Captain and Mrs. William McKittrick,
Lieutenant Commander and Mrs. Charles
A Adams. Hon. and Mrs. Joseph S. Spear
Jr Mrs. Barnes. Captain John A. Koster, ;
Colonel and Mrs. Victor D. Duboce. R. I
McX Duperu. members of the staff of the j
Governor, General Dickinson and General j
At the" conclusion of the reception the
signal was given for dancing to begin- It
was la. m. before the guests began to de
jj*rt. Foiiowiftg. is a li*; at tixos« i&vUedJ
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAT. SEPTEMBER 16, 1899.
to the fun. rly all of whom were
at:
c General William R. Shafter. Cap
tain A. C. Ducat. Captain R. H. Noble,
: B. Babcock. L
tenant Marion P. Maus. Major
S. W. ■ -■. : ■ nt Col nel J.
M. M LJ. Gallagher.
-rt J. Gib
■el F. M. i ' >:- . Major '•'•'. T .v.
Gilb- ri "rank
■ I
B. M :
r W. H. :
Ma t W. H.
' E. L. B. D-,
J. D. H :■: • rH. R. Brinkerhoff. Cap
rk. Captain J. J. M-
Lleutenant Herbert Deakyne. Lieutenant
Hunt. Lieutenant H. H. Stout, R.
McK. : - Arthur W. Spear. A. E.
Dodge. E. M. Greenway, Charles G. Yale,
Mr. Dunbar. Edward Hamilton. T. T.
Ms, T .v B i M. Lawr
•.. ii. h :•
- . ■ Ldams , BJ
Dithmas, ".
Weatherbee. Misses Sharps, Dr. I
Misses Snlli Mrs Fore, Johi T
. . . .
Captain I*. S. S. lowa, junior offici
B. S. lowa, wardroom officers
• tin of U. S. 8. Phlladel]
junior officers U. S. S. Philadelphia.
- fi ; . ers I" S. S. Philadelphia, cap
tain of U. S. S. Boston, j ■••
J. S. 1 ■ " 3- i
■ of U. S. S. Newark.
junior officers L. S. S. Netvark. wardroom
- - - ' 9LB Newark. Naval Construct
or Elliot Snow. Lieutenant H. T. M
Paymaster T. S. Thompson. Li^u:-
G W. McElroy. Captain Louis J. A
SurgeoH U. C. B M
mander C. - !1 A.
Stevenson. Lieutenant W. W. Low. Lieu
ENGINEER, FIREMAN AND
BRAKEMAN ARE CREMATED
Three of (he Crew of a Train Meet a Fearful Death
In a Disaster Near Nebraska City.
ATCHISON*. Kans.. Sept. I.*.— Missouri Pacific freight No. 124 wa? wrecked at 4:30 this afternoon mld^-ay
between St. Paul, Nebr.. and Julian station, near Nebraska City. Three of the crew were instantly killed
and their bodies cremated. The killed are:
ENGINEER TOM GILLAM.
FIREMAN T. M. RUSE.
BRAKEMAN W. H. FOSTER, all residents of Atchiaon.
The train was in charge of Conductor E. W. atootgomery, who, -with Rear Brakeman Wamsley, escaped.
The train consisted of two loads of grain, one load of Government supplies for Leavenworth and twenty-three
empties. It was headed for Kansas City, ami as tho engine struck a trestle the structure gave way, precipitating
the engine into the ravine, twenty feet below, with the three men beneath. The tender and twenty-six cars all
piled up in a mass of wreckage and at once caught fire. A high wind prevailed, and It being a mile from water
the whole train was consumed.
FOUR MEN ARE INJURED IN A
COLLISION AT CLARKS, NEVADA
RENO, Her., Sept. 15.— extra train i
made up at Wadsworth to run on No. 2's
time and an eastbound engine were
wrecked at 8:22 o'clock this morning a :
quarter of a mile east of Clarks Station.
Engineer Jesse Penny of Wadsworth ;
and Fireman George Williams of Love- ;
locks, with light engine 1678. left Reno at '
about 7:40 a. m. for Wadsworth. Regular
westbound overland No. 2 was several ,
hours late, but a substitute, composed of :
engine 1808 and two coaches, with Con- ''
ductor Harry O. Steele of Sacramento, :
Engineer J. W. Wright and Fireman Fred
Mezger, both of Rocklin. left Wadsworth i
as the first section of No. 2. on time.
Penny should have sidetracked his light
engine at Clarks. but he says he forgot,
and plunged right ahead. As he struck
the straight track along ti.a river bank, I
INCIDENTS OF THE BIG PARADE AND REVIEW.
tenant R. M. Cntts. Lieutenant C. T. Hall,
Lieutenant J. W. Broatch, Lieut- I t
Harry Lee, Lieutenant H. C. Davis.
' ' ■
- .
1 F
ant J. H. ■
man'!- - L tei int W. W
Siirg
A. R. Wentwortb. ; .
A. Adam* tit S
M. Strtte. Paymaster 1
assistant Sur-
I
athan Br
•n D. O. Lewis. G. P. Bra
• V W. Brown. A. •'
ler F. J. Drake. Horn
■•nant Gonu C. G. Bowman,
m R.
Rob-r .T. r Naval Cor •
E. McDonald. Lieutenant G. H. Burrage.
Naval Consti >r F. W. Hil a
-
:.: - : [rs. Smiti
a quarter of a mile east of Clarks, after '
having emerged from a cut and curve,
which had obscured the view ahead, he
crushed into No. .2. The engines of both
trains were badly smashed and the cars
on No. 2 were wrecked, but. strange to
say, nothing went off the track and "no
one was killed outright.
Fireman Williams was buried in his cab
beneath a pile of coal, which was thrown :
by Its own Impetus from the tender into
the cab when the trains came together. <
When dug out it was found he. had four,
ribs, his left arm and left thigh broken.
He was sent to San Francisco by a- special
train, and will probably, not recover. En
gineer Penny was not seriously, hurt. Con
ductor Steele was badly bruised. and cut
about the head and face. Engineer Wright
was also badly > bruised, while Fireman
aiezsex jumped " and was £ 0n1y... slightly '
H. S. Foote, Mrs. George R. "Wells. Mrs.
D E. Miles, Mrs. Lathrop, Miss Dr^wn.
Miss Pattern. Miss Marie WeUs. Miss
-
". — 1., lie B
s, Hon. and Mrs. Joseph
S Spear Jr.. Hon. John P. Ja< ks
r-'l E P. Jerome. Jackson Hart, Miss
n. Miss Frances H. Hart. Mrs. H.
- Evans. Mr~. L. E.
White Miss Anr.a M Dr. F. B.
- Miss Voorhles. Mr?. A. S.
•'.ph Spreckfls. Hon.
•• N . : '-. satha
utenant John O'Shea, Mrs. and
M- MulMn, J. H. Fillmore. J. Xrutt-
Itt, Captain Char.- Mi ti n, Lieuten
int C N. Purdy. Captain Edward R.
3man, Captain Charles L. Eeokluts.
: ssiter. Lieutenant
-■ ; elyn. W. EL Bowers, Lieu
it John Pwohertson. H. V\ . Hißgir.s.
Rear Acmiral Kempff. U. S. «.. Captain
W W Mead. U. S. N., Wendell East ;:.
scratched. He was among those who res
cued Fireman Williams from under the
coal pile.
Engineer Penny stated that he had had
trouble with the cylinder of his engine
and forgot to stop at Clarks. Neither he
nor his fireman saw No. 2 until the col
lision occurred.
Engineer Wright said: "I saw the light
engine as It came out from the curve, and
immediately applied the air. reversed my
engine and tried to get off. but they came
together before I could get out of the en
gine."
It was Engineer Wright's prompt action
that prevented the utter demolition of
both trains. A wrecking train brought
physicians from Wadsworth and a special
took Dr. Gibson from Reno. The injured
men. except Williams, were seat to their
respective homes.
Officers of the First California Regiment and
of the Heavy Artillery Give a Military
Reception to the Governor*
A Gay Throng Accepts the Hospitality of the
Volunteer Troops of the State, and Closes a
Day of Many Incidents of Military Interest.
j C. Cambell. Dr. Farrell ai
Dr A. P O'Brien. W. H. Metzen, J. B.
Stetson. Garret McEnerney, ■
Stow Dr S. C. Retheirs, Jesse LJlientnal,
Dr. ar.d Mrs. G. C. Pardee, Lieu-
William Kelly. William Wood, A. p.
SheDberd J. Sproule. E. O. McCormick.
George Crocker. Ma: -
J-:aston, Miss Meri her Miss 3
Hamr.ton Mr. and Mrs. I and
Mrs S F Thorn, Mr. and Mrs. Williams.
Mrs. Van Bergen, Walter Van Bergen,
Mr. Johnson. Senator Stewart. Hon.
Charles H. Burke, Hon. Robert J. Gam
-1 ble.
United States Senator George C. Per
kins, Miss Per Kins. Hon. and Mrs. Julius
Kahn, Miss Bessie Prindle. Miss Mc-
I Kinstry. Lieutenant Andrews an ': wife.
J. C. McKinstry. Judge and Mrs. Mc-
Kinstry. Mr. and Mrs. Edward Rodgers,
Mrs. M. E. Pendleton, Mr. and Mrs. M.
R. Hall. Mrs. and Miss Mesich. Miss Col
; burn, Mr. and Mrs. George L. Colburn,
Miss Pierce. Judge and Mr.-. W. H. Pierce,
; H. H. White. Colonel John P. Irish,
: Colonel C. H. Blinn. John J. Jackson, Hon.
Claus Spreckels, Miss Minnie Deane. J. J.
! Deane, the Misses Mears, Hon. M. H.
; de Young, Stanley Jackson. E. D. Farley,
i E. W. Maslin, Colonel and Mrs. W. B.
: Hamilton, George W. Cope. Hon. John D.
Spreckels. Miss Biakeman. Miss Miles,
Miss Keeney. Miss Dolbeer. Miss Hol
i brook. Miss Morcan, Mis Florence Fates,
Miss Theresa Morean. Miss Sherrard, Miss
Mai Moody. Miss Miner. Miss Cooper. Miss
Carroll. Miss Ames. Miss Loughborough,
Miss Josephine Loughborough, Miss Pol
hemus. Miss Helen Wagner, the Misses
Ayers, the Misses Bates. Miss Jessie
Churie, the Misses Demming.
Mayor Gray of Minneapolis, Adjutant
General Lambert of Minnesota, Hon. S.
M. White, Captain Charles L. Hewes,
: Hon. T. J. Kirk, General W. H. L. Barnes,
! Hon. C. H. Garoutte, Hon. Frank L.
I Coombs. Hon. F. W. Henshaw. Hon. H.
1 M. Beatty. Hon. Tirey L. Ford. Colonel
i W. W. Foote. Major W. W. Douglass,
i Hon. Victor H. Metcalf. Brigadier Gen
eral M. W. Muller. Hon. Julius Kahn,
'; Colonel J. G. Geisting. Hon. T. O. Toland,
' Major General John H. Dickinson, Hon.
, Eugene F. Loud. Brigadier General C. F.
A. Last. Hon. Jackson Temple, W. I.
' Foley, Hon. John Haynes, Frank Miller,
i General R. H. Warfield. Hon. E. B. Ed
son, F. J. Symmes. Colonel E. W. Run
yon. Hon. George J. Denis, General N. P.
! Chipman. Colonel Ben C. Truman,
Thomas A. Nerney, Colonel W. R. Smed
berg. Colonel W. C. Alberßer, Charles R.
Alberger, Hon. W, W. Morrow. Hon.
Irving M. Scott, Hon. W. F. Fitzgerald,
W H. Mills, Hon. Walter Van Dyke.
Colonel A. T. Cutler. Colonel E. A. Bullis.
Hon: George C. Perkins, Hon. Henry C.
Dibble Hon. Ralph C. Harrison, J. G.
Morrissey, Dr. M. A. Southworth, W. E.
Burke. F. W. Harris. George R. Kings
f land Major Adrews Myers. Colonel J. C.
Currier. Major W. H. Bonsall. Hon. R.
B Carpenter. Hon. Lewis A. Groff ,- Hon.
T B McFarland, Lewis H. Turner. Hon.
: N Blackstock, Hon. C. S. Laumeister,
I Hon. H. J. Gillis. Hon. M. J. Wright,
Hon H. C. Bell. W. H. Davis. Lieuten
ant Douglas White. Lieutenant Colonel
W O Welsh. Lieutenant Colonel R. L.
Peeler Dr. J. Prather. Hon. Olin Wel
burn Hon. E. M. Ross. -Hon. John de
Haven. Hon. A. J. Johnston. Hon. G. W.
Root Colonel J. Murray Bailey. Colonel
A X Whitton.Hon. J. K. Neff. Lieutenant
W. E. Eliot. Hon. E. P. Colgan, Colonel
E. F. Curry. Francis J. Heney. Colonel
! Thomas M. Cluff, George R. Sanderson,
! Hon. L. H. Brown, Hon. R. H. Beamer,
j General T. H. Goodman; Hon. Arden An
i derson, Harry Gray, Peter McGlynn. Jos
i eph Frielander. Henry Gray. Rudolph
! Herold Jr.. Major P. J. Harney, Hon.
! Paris Kilburn. William D. English.- Gen
: eral A. W. Barrett. Major Gray, Mrs. E.
i J. Beane. Colonel C. Mason Kinne. P. H.
Tyler. Colonel Varney W. 'Gasklll. Mrs.
S. K. Potter. Major W. B. Hooper. Walter
S. Martin. Mrs. E. L. McAdory, Paymas
ter and Mrs. Barry, U. S. N. ; W. B. WII
-&hire and wife, W. N. Davenport and
wife. Governor John LJnd of Minnesota,
wife and Ptaff; Governor Lee of South
i Dakota and staff. Frank McLaughlm. F.
i S. Chadbourne, J. C. Kirkpatrick, J. F.
Burgin. W. I). Sanborn, F. E. Beck, J.
R. Howell, J. S. Ycung. A. Andrews, F.
A. Vail. G. H. Pippy. Marion M. Ogden,
Mr. Doolittle. • ■ ■
BANQUET TO COMPANY A.
Everything is In readiness for.t-s ban-
PRICE FITE CEXTS.
WITNESSED BY THRONGS I
quet to be given this evening by the Em<
met and Wolfe Tone Guards to the mem
bers of Company A. First California Vol
unteers. The hosts and their invited
guests to the number of 200 will assem
ble at the Page-street Armory at S:3S
o'clock and march in a body to the res
taurant on Ellis street, where the ban
quet is to take place. The procession will
be headed by a band and the drum and
bugle corps of the First Regiment. Cap
tain Cleary w:.. preside at the feast, and
an enjoyable time is assured to all who
attend.
JUNIOR SOLDIERS.
They Are Tendered a Reception
and Banquet by Two Orders
in B'ne B'nth Hall.
More than SCO ladies and gentlemen
crowded into B'ne B'ri:h Hall last night
to be present at the reception tendered
to "our Junior Order boys from Manila"
by* the members of the various councils
of Junior Order of United American
Mechanics and the members of the coun
cils of the Daughters of Liberty. In the
patriotically decorated hall there, were
about forty member- of the order ■who
are still in the volunteer service, and they
represented the several regiments at the
Presidio. "The Junior's Welcome Home,"
an original song by Mrs. A. Thornagle,
was rendered by the members of both
orders. Then followed an address, pa
triotic and laudatory of the -volunteers,
by H. G. Squire of San Jose, State coun
cilor of the Juniors, the singing 1 of the
"Star-Spangled Bar.: by Miss Ida
Thorn, the audience rising, and recita
tions by Dr. J. G. Crawford, Joseph
Basch and Miss Lydia Jacob.
Then there was a banquet to the vol
unteers, and all were invited to partake
of the hosp'taiity of the councils, and 51*
went to the banquet room, where there
was served a sumptuous supper. Z. T.
"Whitten acted as toast master, and fol
lowing were the toasts and the names
of those who responded: "Our Soldier
Guests," Dr. Crawford: "The • Junior Or
der," Lieutenant E. Rivers; "The Daugh
ters," Mrs. Ida Ballou. and "Our Flag,"
J. Rogers. This was followed by a dance
of ten numbers.
The following composed the committee
of arrangements: Charles H. Jacob, chair
man: John T. Pidweil. secretary and
treasurer; Mrs. C. F. Strong, Mrs. A.
Thornagle, Mrs. S. Smith. Miss Laura
Cantus, George Little, H. A. Moenine, T.
H. Nolte, A. L. Swain, Thomas Mill
ward," A. C. Smith, Miss USetiia MeCol
lough, John W. Cobby, G. W. Best. W. A.
Miller, William Warnholtz. W. C. Norton,
J. S. Shillaber. Leon Stone, Z. T. Whit
ten, B. F. Hiller. Banquet committee —
Mrs. C. F. .Strong, chairman: Miss Laura
Cantus, John W. Cobby. W. A. Miller,
Thomas Millward, A. C. Smith. B. F. Hil
ler: William Bouton, floor manager; Miss
Lathrop, assistant.
WILL BANQUET VOLUNTEERS
The Young Men's Institute to Honor
Their Brave Companions.
The board of management of the San
Francisco councils of the You Men's
Institute will tender a banquet to the
members of the order in the volunteers in
the banquet hall of the Pioneer building.
Fourth street, to-night. An elaborate
souvenir programme and a tine array of
talent vrill be among the special features.
From the responses received it is expected
that a large gathering will be present.
The following are the names of the vol
unteers who are active members of the
institute.
; THE ROSTER— Brigadier General J. F.
Smith, Chaplain W. D. McKlnncn; Chaplain
William H. I. Reaney, U. S. X.; Major John
F. Connolly. Major Gus G. Grant.
Captains— Frank Warren. Dennis Geary, John
Cook. A. P. O'Brien, P. J. K. Far- C. D.
McGettigan. '
Lieutenants— T. P. O'Brien, Francis Warren.
G*or?-i D. Pyne, F. S. Drady. R. J. Dowdall.
Sergeants— Sergeant Major Harry Hicks. Jo
! seph W. Maher. William P. ilaher, James J.
Loughery, John J. Byrne, John Smith, Louis
F. Guidet. John E. Broderick.
! Corporals— Thomas F. Maher, James R.
Whaley.
Privates— Themas Sweeney, John Talbot, Wil
liam Farrell, W. F. Bellinger. L.. Farrell, Ed-
I ward Carey, John A. Daly, Charles F. Decry.
| F. J. Barry, B. J. O'Brien, John Glbney. George-
Egan. Thomas Finnerty, John .Kilmede. J. S.
Ralph. John Roger?, Thomas J. Sheerin, Wil
'■ liam D. Sullivan, George Luttrell. J. L. Ken
l neatly. William Wadding, George F. Ryan,
j Joseph J. Cunningham. John Kirby. D. J.
O'Neill. Rodger Garrity. J. F. Garrity. J. S.
P. Rheirns. Michael Duffy. James Sullivan.
Thomas Byrne. C. E. Kesseler, John Scully.
William V. Ecar,, Manus McLaughlin. Henry
W. Gerdes. Edward A. O'Xelll, C. F. Cbrrigan,
Felix Dunn, Peter McGlnley. John F. Sinnott,
M. Bertolanl. Joseph J. Clancy. James J. Mc-
Carthy, C H. Gillespie. W. J. Bushard, James
F. Breen, William H. Dinneen.
There will be at the banquet table the
following who will respond to the toasts
of the evening:
Introductory. Robert Tobin, president board
of management; grace. Rev. Father M. D.
Slattery. grand chaplain; "California," John
T. Gleaner; "Our Motto. "Pro Deo, Pro
Patria.* " Rev. Father W. D. McKlnn»n; "San
; Francisco," Hon. James D. Phelan; "The Vol
unteers." John J. Barrett: "In the Service of
Uncle Sam," Captain Denis Geary: "Our Hon
j ored Dead," tin silence): "The ■ Young- Men's
i Institute," Frank J. Kierce; "Fraternity,"
Hon. Frank J. Murasky; "The Board of Mar.
--! agement," George A. Stanley; "The Ladies,"
i Frank T. Shea. Toastmaster, D. J. O'Leary.
MEDAL DISTRIBUTION.
Programme of Exercises at the Pre-
siciio This Afternoon, When Sol
diers Will Be Decorated.
This afternoon the medals and certifi
cates prepared by the Grand Parlor of
the Native Sons of the Golden West will
be di- ' i the officers and m~n of
the First California. Volunteers and the
Heavy Artillery at the Presidio at 1:30
o'clock. The following is the programme
of exercises:
Music: introductory remarks by J. T. Greany.
chairman of the medal committee: introduc
.tion at the Governor; address by Frank Mat
tlson, gTand president of the Grand Parlor. X.
S G. W.j who will pin medal on the breaat.
of Colonel Daboce and one on that of Major'
Kice - oration by Lewis F. Bylngton, grand
orator of the 2». S. G. W. A committee of
Native Daughters, consisting of the president
and secretary of each parlor of the N. D. G.
W wilt place on the breast of each officer
and soldier a medal and hand each a certifi
cate Music and a benediction by Rev. Father
McKinnon of the California Volunteers will
conclude the ceremonies.
The grand stand will be occupied by the
officers of the Pacific Coast Pioneers,
grand officers of the Native Sons. grand
officers of the Native Daughters, the joint
reception committee of the Native Sons
and Daughters, officers of the citizens'
executive committee, the Governor and
staff. General Shafter and staff. Major
General Dickinson and staff, the visiting:
Governors and the colonels and majors of
the several volunteer regiments at the
presidio.
In the near future the medal committee
•will decide as to how to distribute the
medals and certificates to other- volun
teers from California.2
BRYAN LISTENS WHILE
BOURKE COCKRAN TALKS
Nebraskan Declines to Participate in
Debate aad So the New York
Statesman Proceeds With an
Address on Trusts.
CHICAGO. Sept. 15.-The exciting joint
debate looked for to-night between Wil
liam J. Bryan and W. Bourke Cockran on
trusts did not take place. Central Music
Hail was packed with an eager audience,
but the people present . had .to content
themselves without the oratory of the. fa
mous Nebraskan, who, however, occupied
a seat on lie platform.
Mr. Bryan reached Central Music Hall
early in the evening. He went direct to a
room upstairs, where -.- was greeted by
Chairman Franklin Head, Congressman
Gal;- ■ Halph M. Easley and other mem
bers of the programme committee of the
Civic Federation Conference on Trusts.
Mr. Bryan surprised the committee by
declining to speak at the night session
with Cockran in accordance with the pro
gramme previously arranged. Mr. Bryan
explained that he did not wish to Jet the
Impression go out that he was to enter
into a debate with Mr. Cockran. For that
reason he said he would not speak with
Mr. Cockran at the same session.
Mr. Cockran was sent for and he and Mr.
Bryan discussed the situation. The com
mittee withdrew to allow the two orators
to settle the dispute among themselves.
Mr. Bryan asserted that he never said
he would follow Mr. Cockran with an ad
dress on the same evening. If the com
mittee got that impression from the con
versation he had with them over the long
distance telephone Thursday, he said,
they misunderstood him. Mr. Cockran
wanted to talk at the same session with
the noted Nebraskan and offered to flip a
coin to determine Who should have the
privilege of delivering the closing ad
dress. If Mr. Bryan would not accept
this proposition Mr. Cockran then agreed
to appear at any time the committee de
sired. The programme was to-night
changed to meet Mr. Bryan's wishes.. Mr.
Bryan said he was anxious to address
the conference and repeated that his only
reason for changing the programme was
to avoid any indication of a public de
bate with Mr. Cockran. Mr. Bryan will
speak at to-morrow's session.
Though disappointed In failing to see
such a spectacle as Bryan and Cockran
pitted against each other, the audience
enjoyed a rare treat, as Mr. Cockran was
at his best, and his speech was punctu
ated with frequent and prolong) ap
plause. When Mr. Bryan made nis ap
pearance at the entrance it was the sig
nui for tumultuous cheering, which lasted
until the Nebraskan had taken his seat on
the speakers stand. Mr. Foulke of Indi
ana, who was in the middle ol an address
when the outburst occurred, put the audi
ence in good humor by remarking: "1 j
guess you came here to-night to hear
somebody else speak." Mr. i-'uulke v.-as i
followed by Edward Rose water of Omaha,
whose address received notably close at
tent: from his hearers. •
The chair then introduced Hon. W.
lurke Cockran of New York. Mr. Cock
ran said in part:
1 shall endeavor, for this purpose of estab
lish:-., an Intelligent basis ot discussion, to be
somewhat trie Irom terms over which men
ha-.. become moved to passionate declamation.
1 shall define prosperity a.-< an abundance of
commodities fairly distributed among those who
produce them. We must have commodities to
distribute before we can distribute them in
the form of wages or of profits. Ii this defini
tion of prosperity be correct It is perfectly
plain that there Is no reason why a sensible
man should grow excited either to the ap
proval or resentment at a. combination merely
as such. A combination may be good or bad,
according to its effect. Any Industrial system
vhicTi operates to swell the volume of produc
tion should be commended; anything that
operates to restrict it should be suppressed.
Now whether these great combinations of
capital or these combinations of labor operate
to rai?e prices or to reduce them Is a subject
about which there has been a wide diversity
of opinion. There are some combinations which
operate to raise prices and some which oper
ate to depreciate them. It would be idle to
say that some improve, that some raise prices
and some depreciate them, if we did not pre
scribe some tost by which we could distinguish ]
between the two. Now, ladies and gentlemen,
I think It is a simple one, perfectly clear. The
test is to ascertain whether the combination
of capital nourishes through Government aid or
without It, for, my friends, you must see that!
any industrial enterprise which dominates the
market without aid from the Government must
do sq through cheapening the product, or, as
It Is commonly rajled, by underselling com
petitors. An industry which at one and the
same time reduces prices and swells Its own
profits must accomplish that result by Increas- !
ing the volume o{ its production. On the other
hand, an Industry which dominates the market j
by the favor of the Government, direct or in
direct, cannot, In the nature of thins?, be
forced to cheapen prices, because if It could i
dominate the market by underselling competi
tors in an kj en tletd without favor It would no; ;
. need the Government favor. (Applause.) The
inter:' • i i of the Government would be an
Injury and njt a benefit to it. . An Industry
or combination of capita,!, or anything you
may choose to -nil it, that dominates a market
through a restricted competition that delivers
th« consumer to it on Its own =ms necessarily
depends upon a narrow output and large
profits, extorted, not from thi excellency of
•Its service, but from the helplessness of those
with whom It deals. (Applause.)
Now. there arc three ways In which the
Government interferes in the trade of individ
uals In this country; one Is by patent laws.
The other means by which the Government
Interferes Is by tariff. Now, I believe that
every person can concede, whether he be
lieves In high tariff or free trade, that so
far as trusts are concerned, the tariff oper
ates to favor them In thi« way and in this
; way only. It operates to restrict competition
In the production of any article to those en
gaged in It in this country. It >. if a trust
or combination Is to be (ormea, manifestly
it aids the enterprise when? the field of com
petition is originally limited. Under a con
dition of free trade every article which 1r
produced is exposed to the competition of the I
whole world. I:' you rely upon the combina
tion to suppress competition, manifestly it is
• easier to make a combination between the
producers In ona country than in all coun-
.'••» and to that extent the tariff favors.
(Applause.) There is still a third essential,
with which we can deal and which 1 believe
If vastly more -extensive in its results than I
'. fh!s tariff In favor of trusts. And ! refer
to those favors -which are extended to cer
tain Industries or from t!v- corporations, en
joying Government franchises which are none
the less Government agencies because their
Stock Is. own.'. l by private individuals. And
here we ar« la.--' to face with a serious dlf
"fieulty. First, I must assume It a serious
difficulty because It is almost Impossible to
discover It. It Is surrounded by secrecy. That
it is existing and does exist, everybody be
llevef. . . .
But, my friends, you must remember that
no person can enjoy favor at the bands of
any company enjoying a public franchise ex
cept at the expense of another. It is true of
every Instance where Government favors an
Individual. I have said In many places and
I say hen-, that government cannot at one
and the same time be a fountain of generosity
and justice. (Applause.) Government cannot
create anything. Now, If government cannot
•create anything It has nothing of its own
"to bestow. If it undertakes to enrich one In
dividual the thing It gives to him It must
take from another. (Applause,) If It do «
• favor it must have a victim. And that gov
ernment only ii Just and beneficent which has
neither favorites nor victims. Now, I have
said that these favors are extended by
the common belief. and I have said
nnd acknowledged that If one parson at
tains rates that are excessively favorable, if
his 'goods are transported at a loss, why,,
other men using that same facility must make
good th". loss What is the remedy? Some
gentlemen have suggested municipal owner
ship. (Applause.) "
Ladles ana srentlement, 1 have no quarrel
with the ar>"lause for municipal ownership, I
concede the principle of It. (Applause.) The
Government has no right to empower «ny pri
vate ajtency to perform a function unless it
be one which the Government would be bound
:tß<li to perform If that agency were not to be
found. The only excuse for empowering a pri
vate corporation to discharge a public function
Is the excuse that the service will be more v
efficient. The question, then, of municipal
ownership Is a mere question of expediency.
1 1 era are many grave questions, to be con
sidered before .a municipal ownership could be
reduced to practical operation, even though
we would now set about the task. Now, Is
there any practical remedy that this conference
; ! can sucaest that can be put in force by any
. I legislature that happens to be In session? My
i friends, It seems to be a very simple matter.
; The fact is you would not have the task of
' I framing .-i law to denounce special rates to
, j Individuals; that is the law to-day. The rem
: edy is simply to deilne a practical penalty, a
' ! serious one. and to. provide for the proper
' I statute of publicity, nncl you need not enforce
I ; the penalty. An officer of a corporation grant-
I lnii a special favor to any person who has a
i r : ::!it to us.- that possession on equal terms
; with everybody else ought to be held guilty
h of a serious felony. (Auiilause.)
Now, with a statute authorizing and mak-
I Ing it the right of every shipper, of every per
son using a public franchise to have disclosed
to Mm at any time every contract and agree
! ment made with any other person you will
. I find there will be little difficulty about avoid
. ' Ins the enforcement of the renal statute, for
! it will not be transgressed. We want a simple
1 statute ot publicity, and I believe that will
• chock the special favors.
i ' We do not object to the principle of co-opera
( ! tion. Corporate existence is the natural evo
' ; lutlon of partnership: it is a scheme by. which
! men, strangers to each other, can co-operate
; I In production, while partnership was a scheme
[ limited to men who knew each other and were
compelled to work together. But the manage
ment of corporations has been the blackest
I«tre in our history. (Applause.) And the
. public Indignation, unfortunately, which ought
I to be expended upon the corporate management
which is responsible for this shame, has too
• often been visited upon the stockholders and
i the corporations themselves who have been the
. victims of that infamy.
i To all this, my friend?, the remedy is pub
i licity. A statute which would modify but
■j slightly, if at all. the existing laws of every
■ I State would make this species of (raud ii:-;- c
; sibie. No corporation has n right to secrecy
' | In the discharge of its duties. No corporation
j anxious to perform h( nest service to the pub
-1 , lie and its stockholders will seek secrecy or
. will insist upon it. Remember that' this so
, j crecy is not Invoked by corporate 1 members
against the public any more than it is against
, their own stockholders. Ladles and ge.ntle
, men, we have but to provide a' single statute.
, ■ First, that any stockholder shall' have the
right to examine the books of a company and
know everything about its concern*, although
he owns but one share. In addition •■ that
; every corporation should be compelled to file
1 with the Secretary of State when it organize*
a statement of property and to let the public
buy at any capitalisation It chooses to mak*
Every year It should report to some competent
authority a full rtatemen: of its business. That
Is the law to-day In eenrly every State, and
it Is always evaded. The reports are mis
leading where th"y aro m : comprehensible. Let
these report! Ijp fair, honest statements of
1 their business and the; finally extend the pow
ers of your superintendents of insurance and ,
■ banking to .ill corpora tlona and let these, re
ports be verified, and then you will have hon- !
> est manage] • • ■ of corporations!, and 1 promire
. you that this public distrust and hatred of ,
corporation entities will disappear from the I
■ minds of a liberty-loving people who are but i
seeking Justice, even through their prejudice.
(Applause.)
At the close of his speech the New
Yorker won the hearts of Ms listeners by
paying Mr. Bryan a few well chosen com
, pliments, which the Democratic leader
I blushingiy acknowledged. Mr. Cockran
likened Mr. Bryan to a monopoly, and
claimed he was a bigger monopoly as the I
leader of the Democratic party than any
financial corporation in the world.
Mr. Cockran spoke for about two hours,
and when he concluded cries for Mr Bry
an came from all over the house. Finally i
Mr. Bryan arose and said that for «he
good of the conference all partisan feel- <
Ing should be eliminated from the gather
ing, and although he agreed with Mr.
Cockran on many of his arguments it was;
necessary that his side of the controversy
j should be given to-morrow.
DREYFUS TO PAVE THE
WAY FOR A PARDON
He Will Shortly Withdraw His Ap
peal for the Revision of the
R<?nnes Trial.
LONDON. Sept 19.— M. de Blowttc, tho
correspondent of the Times, Bays:
"I learn that Captain Dreyfus will
shortly withdraw his appeal for a revision
of the Rennes trial, which will^ leave the ■
ground clear for the Government to take
I immediate sti pa to pardon him. This par
i d<m will not annul the civil and military
; consequence* of the verdict, and he will
j therefore no longer helong to the army.
"There is nothing, however, to prevent
him from applying to the Court of Cas
sation to quash the Rennes trial whenever
! the new fa.'t required by law is produced.
When liberated he will stttie in the south ;
of France, as the members of his family
' <lo run wish to expose him to such demon
: strations of sympathy abroad as mi^ht i
Ik used against him by his adversaries at
home."
LONDON. Sept. lfi.— The Paris corre
spondent of the Daily News says: The
Premier, M. Waldeck-Rousseau, has
promleea definitely to propose a pardon
for Dreyfus at next Tuesday's Cabinet
council.
BENEFIT AT LOS ANGELES
A BRILLIANT SUCCESS
Over Two Thousand Dollars to Swell
the Fund for the Reception of
Battery D.
r,OS ANGKT.ES. Sept. 15.— The benefit
at the Orpheum held this afternoon for
the purpose of raising funds to bring
home and entertain Battery D was the
most successful function ever held in
Los Angeles. The theater was packed
from pit to dome and presented a sceno
that will scarcely be forgotten. Society
was in its best dress and happiest frame
and crowded the floors, boxes and loges
and gave vent to its patriotic fervor In
the heartiest applause. Tho prngrammo
included twenty-two numbers and was
headed by Modjeska and company in the
fourth act of "Muoh Ado About Noth
ing." The Frawleys gave the second act
fi m "The Senator," while Kelix Morris
an. l players gave "Rehind the Scenes."
leaders were Interspersed between
the -ictK by the regular Orpheum bin.
B< iquets and souvenirs were p»!d by
eighteen Boclety buds, who were radiant
In new gowns. The performance netted
12540.
!'!< ;>;,. ation.s are now under way for the
reception of the battery boys, who are
expected next Raturdnv.
SHARKEY NOT WILLING
TO TAKE ANY CHANCES
NEW YORK, Sept. 15.— At the request
of Thomas Sharkey another clause to the
articles <»f agreement covering his com
ing battle- with Jeffries for the heavy
weight championship of the world will be
added to-morrow; This clause will read:
The winner of the contest shall receive
••> per cent of the purse and the loser 25
i" t .-].(.
The original articles of agreement origi
nal.y read: '"j he winner to lake all."
FIRE AT SEATTLE.
SEATTLE. Sept. jr,.-The packing-house
of the Frye-Bruhn Company was de
stroyed by fire early this morning, with
ml Us contents. The total loss Is esti
mated at $165,000. which is covered by ,4 .
frK>r?v» Ura - T . he loss on th ™ck was
$100,000. It consisted of m.m pounds of
Eastern meats. 540 dressed bow a large
amount of lard and butchers 1 tools. Not
even a knife was saved. There were fifty
five head of live, cattle in the yards. They
were turned loose when the fire broke out
and as they are wild Bom« difficulty has
l).-t.'n found In rounding them up
The lire broke out at 3:30 a m In one
of the smokehouses, which connected
with the sausaßc-ronm. The plant con
sftited of four large and one small smoke
houses, two packinc-housea, an ice nlant
and a lard refinery. ■>• ■■-- -. - ..? 
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1899.
REBELS MARCH TOWARD
VENEZUELA'S CAPITAL
Serious Condition of Affairs Reported,
Showing the Need of the Detroit to
Protect American Interests.
PRESIDENT ANDRADE OF VEKEZUELA.
Hp ha? started for Valencia to personally take command of the troops In
the Reid against the revolutionary leader, Castro. It is his intention to sum
marily put down the revolution.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLINGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON,
Sept. 15. A serloue condition of affairs prevails in Venezuela, according to
advices received by the State Department to-day from its agents in
thai country. Consul Luther T. Ellsworth, stationed at Puerto Cabello,
cabled to the department that the report was current that after a battle
General Castro's forces had occupied Valencia in the province of Carabobo,
driving the Government forces out. This Government has a consular agent at
Valencia and it is presumed that Mr. Ellsworth has called upon him for a
repi rt.
Mr. Russell, the American Charge d'Affaires at Caracas, cabled the de
partment in confirmation of the Herald's advices that President Andrade had
gone to the front to assume personal command of the Government forces in
the field, and his dispatch Indicated that a critica) condition of affairs exist
ed. He requested that the movement of the cruiser Detroit to La Guayra
be expedited in order that American citizens and their interests might be
adequately protected. .
Valencia, which the insurgents are reported to have occupied, Is con
nected by railroad uith Caracas, and its occupation indicates that the in
surgents are making progress toward the capital with a view to its cap
ture. Senor Pulido, Venezuelan Charge d'Affaires, is confident that the re
bels will be subdued by the Government forces.
The dispatch from Mr. Russell was referred to Acting Secretary of Navy
Allen. That official could take no action, however, in view of the fact that
the cruiser Detroit is now on her way to La Guayra and is expected to have
reached that point to-day. It was reported this afternoon that the Detroit
had arrived at San Juan, but officials have no information to confirm this
report and as the cruiser was ordered to proceed directly to the Venezuelan
coast, they do not credit it. Upon arrival at La Guayra, which is the sea
port of Caracas, Commander Hemphill, commanding the cruiser, will co-oper
ate with Mr. Russell to provide adequate protection for American interests. .
DISAPPEARANCE
OF AN OLD LADY
Mrs. Knudson Leaves
Her Home in Redding.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING, Sept. 15.— A1l Redding is
- aroused over the strange disappearance
| of a well known and highly respected
I lady last night. She is Mrs. Louisa
i Knudsob, mother of William, Andrew
i and Miss Jennie Kundson and Mrs. Otto
! Bates. All day Thursday Mrs. Knudson
I complained of terriile pains in her head.
It seemed, she s-aid, as if her brain were
on fire. She was evidently wandering in
her mind, for she talked of going south
on a vi.-,it. She paid she could not remain
'Vbmu's O'clock last night Mrs. Knud
son was talking with her son and daugh
ter whin she again complained of pain in
her head. Her daughter prevailed on her
to go to her re m and lie down while she
brewed a cup of tea. When the young
lady returned ten minutes later Mrs.
1 Knudpon had disappeared. An open win
dow showed her means of exit. Miss
: Knudson called her brothers and they be
! gan a search, but no trace of the. missing
: woman could be found. The alarm was
i spread in the neighborhood and others
! Joined in the search.
1 Finally City Marshal Fisher was noti
fied He rang the lire bell, nnd when the
crowd gathered the circumstances were
explained. Nearly a hundred men Joined
!in the search. () ne hundred yards from
the Knu'lr-on house is a river. The stream
was patroied and examined for mor«
than a mile, and the hills near town were
I scoured. '
Mrs. Knudson'B daughter, Mrs. Otto
| Bates, lives five miles south of town. A
messenger was sent there, but the missing
woman had not been seen. Some of the
searching party remained out all night.
but found nothing. This morning tracks
believed to be those of Mrs. Knudson
were found leading to the river. At
noon, however, no further trace could be
found. The river at this point, is eery
swift and would quickly carry a body out
of sight. The whole community is
alarmed and distressed.
DESTRUCTIVE FOREST FIRE.
Threatened to Destroy the T.own of
St. Helena.
ST. HELENA. Sept. 16.— One of the
most destructive Torest fires ever known
in tho history" of Nnpa County has be«>n
raSlng In the mountains west of town fur
several days. The fire originated In So
noma County, nearly twelve miles from
here and in front of Strong winds has
travel-. 1 BO rapidly that now it is Just
beyond the outskirts of the town. Many
buildings art- threatened and a large force
of men is lighting the flames night and
day
'rhe fire has r.ot ndvnnced very much
nearer town during the past twelve hours,
and seems, if anything, to be turning back
on Its course. Many wagons, huts and
much eordwood have been destroyed and
the beauty of the country through which
the lire nas swept has been destroyed for
several years to come.
SAMPSON'S FLEET SAILS.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. In— Rear Ad
miral Sampson's fleet, consisting of the
New York. Indiana, Brooklyn, Massachu
setts and Texas, left here at 6 o'clock
this morning for New York, where the
Is will arrive to-morrow. The war
ships were at this port September 3, hav
ing been sent to participate In the G. A.
R. encampment ceremonies, and re
mai:.. d until the opening of the National
Export Exposition yesterday.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Pensions Granted, Postmasters Ap- ;
pointed and Postoffice Opened.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 15.— The Light
house Hoard will on September 20 remove
for repairs light vessel No. 70, moored off
the entrance to San Francisco harbor.
P. M. Soto was to-day appointed Post
master at Concord. Contra Costa County,.
vice J. \v. Gily. removed. Allen Davidson |
was appointed at Cummings, Mendoclno \
! County, vice M. K. <~"ummings. removed.
| Special postal service between Whitmore
; ami Fern. Shasta County, will be discori
; tinued after October 11
: A postofflce has been established at
: Kosereefsky, Alaska.
Pensions: <\ii:fi>rnia— Original— Lucius i
S. Newcomb, Vallejo, SS.
i iregon— lncrease— Vallet Macken, Me- i
! Coy, $C to $8.
RICH MINES LEASED.
American Syndicate to Control the
Property.
Special Dispatch to The Call. |
VALPARAISO, Sept. 15.— The Important ;
j and rich mines with smelting plant at [
! Playa Blanca and Antofogasta have been i
leased for fifteen years by an American !
syndicate. 'The press expresses satlsfac- :
i tion over the fact tnat Americans will
open that enormously rich mineral region. <
; A hugo antediluvian fossil, not yet
I classified, has been discovered near Cal-
I dera.
Solano Teachers' Institute.
BUISUN, Sept. 16.— The Solano County'
Teachers' Instltuto of 1899 will be held in i
Bulsun, beginning October 16 and continu
ing In session for five days. There will be
ample accommodations for all the teach- i
ers and other visitors, notwithstanding |
unauthorised reports to the contrary.
Committees tot the entertainment of the I
teachers have been appointed, and the !
i success of the meeting is assured.
Masons Entertained.
MARYSVILLE. Sept. 15.-The Masonic
lodges of this city, Bmartsville, Wheat
land and Tuba City to-night entertained
the following grand officers of the order,
who were lure to exemplify the work:
Judge F. M. Angellottl of San Rafael.
grand master: C. A. F'atton of San Fran
cisco, deputy grand master; W. R. Wells
of Martinez, grand junior warden, and
« • H. Edwards, grand lecturer.
Irrigation Congress.
BOISE, Idaho, Sept. 15.— The Governor
has appointed the following delegation to
the National Irrigation Congress, at Mis
soula, September 25-27: J. D. Wood of
Bpencer, .1. H. Lowell of Rosewoll, J C.
Brady of Huthdrum, C. B. Hnrt of Rose
weil. 1.. 1.. Evans of Mahld. T. E. Ricks
of Kelsl.urg and Robert Chattin of Moun
tain Home.
Schoolhouse Burned.
MAHYSVII.LE. Sept^ 15.— Word has
been received that the schoolhouse in the
Oak Valley district has been destroyed by
fire. The loss will reach $1000. The build
ing was Insured for $500.
Ball-Player Strikes a Conductor.
George Hanley, nn ex-ball player, was
arrested last night by Detective Gibson
nnd charged with disturbing the peace.
He boarded a Hayes street car and prof
fered the conductor a bad 50-cent piece.
On the latter refusing to accept the coin
Hanley atruck htm in the face.
WARRANT OUT FOR THE
ARREST OF COCHRANE
Mrs. Ella J. Smyth Charges the
San Rafael Bill Collector
With Perjury.
SAN RAFAEL. Sept. 15.— M. F. Coch
ran/e, the local note shaver and bill col
lector, whose name has been more or less
prominently before the public since he
withdrew from the bonds of Henry Young,
the alleged Tiburon fire fiend, a day before
the latter fled the country, had a warrant
issued for his arrest to-night on a charge
of perjury, preferred by Mrs. Ella Smyth
before City Recorder E. Gardner. The
warrant was placed in the hands of Con
stable Ueorge Agnew for service, but at
a late hour Agnew had not succeeded in
locating Cochrane"s whereabouts.
It is alleged In the complaint that Coch
rane willfully, falsely and corruptly swore
thai he had served papers upon her which
were never served. It appears from state
ments of Mrs. Smyth, the plaintiff and her
husband, Attorney Charles W. Smyth, that
on September It), lsstiS, she bought from
Mrs. Mary F. Defiennes and H. J. Defien
nes, her husband, a piece of property sit
uated on the Reservoir road in this city.
At the time the property was purchased
it was mortgaged to John C. Dickson for
$350.
On April 25. ]SO9, Dickson commenced
foreclosure proceedings against the prop
erty. On April 27, 1899, M. F. Cochrane,
who is a brother of James W. Cochrane,
the attorney In the action, served upon
Smyth a copy of the summons at the
latter'^ residence, but neglected to serve
them upon his wife. On August IS. 189SK
James W. Cochrane had a default entered
against Mr. and Mrs. Smyth and Mr.
and Mrs. Defiennes and the suit dismissed.
Judgment was entered and M. F. Coch
rane was appointed commissioner to sell
the property. Cochrane swore that he
served the papers in the case on both
Attorney Smyth and his wife on April 27,
1899.
The defendant, M. F. Cochrane, sought
District Attorney Me Isaac to-night and
tried hard to persuade that official not
to permit the comnlaint to be filed. He
said that his wife was witn him when he
served a copy of the summons upon Mrs.
Smyth and her husband. At the same
time to another person Attorney James
W. Cochrane stated that a gentleman was
with his brother when the summons was
served, while Mrs. Smyth herself asserts
that Captain H. A. Gorley told her John
C. Dickson was with him when the sum
mons was served.
On account of these conflicting state
ments made by the interested parties and
others, District Attorney Mclsaac refused
to interfere. Arthur Scott had Smyth
arrested a few days ago for obtaining
money under false pretenses, but the af
fair was settled and the case dismissed be
fore th-- warrant could be served. Coch
rane, who had tried to collect the bill,
duly embraced the opportunity to "roast"
Smvth in the Bulletin, for which paper
he has been corresponding.
The trouble between Smyth and Coch
rane first arose from Cochrane's duplicity
in giving the three morning paper corre
spondents a story detrimental to Smyth's
interests. It was sent to the Examiner
by W. J. Eden, who also acts as corre
spondent for the Evening Post. Cochrane
gave the story to the telegraph operator
to be sent to the Bulletin as an evidence
of his good intentions, and afterward
slipped a note, to the operator telling
him not to send the story to the Bulletin.
By this procedure he evidently expected
to' get Smyth roasted and would himself
escape any trouble that might follow.
The trick was discovered In time, al
though the story went to the Examiner,
but was not published.
Cochrane afterward told Smyth and his
father and wife that he had saved
Smyth's reputation by persuading the
newspaper representatives not to use the
story. When Smyth discovered that he
was" getting the double cross he became
so angry that Cochrane was chased out
of his office with a club on attempting to
collect the bill of Arthur Scott.
"I can prove the truth of my charge
that Cochrane has commit*' -d perjury by
two persons." said Mrs. Smyth to-night.
"My husband and my sister were both
WRECKED VESSELS
FOR THE INSURANCE
Captain Munroe and Captain Duncan
With Their Respective Crews
Placed Under Arrest.
HALIFAX. Sept. 15.— Six men are under
arrest at Guysboro. charged with wreck
ing vessels and defrauding insurance com
panies Two of them are Captain Munroe
and Captain Abner Duncan. Captain Mun
roe commanded the schooner St. Thomas
and Captain Duncan the schooner Ju-
The schooners were wrecked In some
mysterious manner north of Cape Breton
last June, and later an unsuccessful at
tempt was made to collect the Insurance
It is charged that a cargo of iobsters
which the Juventa carried, and which was
Iraured was sold at St. Pierre before the
vessel -.v.-is lost. An Investigation by the
■ c irance company led to the arrest of
the crew.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Hopeless assd Heiress.
The consequences of a diseased condi-
tion of the stomach and digestive and
nutritive system are most disastrous to
the whole body. One by one every
organ may become involved. The mis-
ery is maddening. The most extreme
cases of "stomach trouble" and the evils
resulting from it have been cured by Dr.
Pierces Golden Medical Discovery. It
strengthens the stomach, purifies the
blood and builds iffy the body with sound
healthy flesh. "' lv
"I was taken with severe headache," writes
Thomas A. Swarts, Box 103, Sub-Station C. Co-
luuibufl, Ohio, then cramps in the stomach, and
ray food would not digest, then kidney and liver
trouble, and my back got weak so I could
scarcely get around. I just gave money to the
doctors whenever I thought they would do me
any good, but the more I doctored the worse I .
got until sir years passed. " I had become & >
poorly I could only walk in the bouse by the aid
of chair, and I <;ot so thin I had riven up to die,
thinking that I could not be cured. Then I saw
one of my neighbor boys and he said, " Take my
advice and take Dr. Pierce' 3 Golden- Medical
Discovery and make a new man out of yourself."
The first bottle helped me so I thought I would
get another, and after I had taken eight bottles
in about six Tveeks I was weighed and found I
had gained twenty-seven (27) pounds. 1 I have
done more hard work in the past eleven months
than I did in two years before, and I am as stout
and healthy to-day, I think, as I ever was."
Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellets cure
biliousness.
nifT nnif I I Corner Fourth and
CAFE RfIYA *■**/•
UMLnUIHL rr m Ov^oaU L Tn d
Will l» lIW lIIU{c, Overcoats and
1~ f • ; Valises checked free.
MRS. CHARLES W. SMYTH.
present when Cochrane came to the
house. He served papers on my husband
while standing on the porch, but did not j
came Into the house where my sister and
I were."
Attorney Smyth declared to-night that I
Cochrane had not only placed him to the [
trouble and expense of a law suit in or- j
der to recov«r his property by the alleged j
perjury, but that the defendant had per- i
sistently endeavored to poison the mind .
of his wife and father against him by '
Insinuating to them that Smyth was los
ing money at cards and squandering it
on women of questionable reputation.
Night in Venice.
The $1 tickets are the only ones that
Will be good on returning boats, Tiburon
ferry. •
( * 'Waste Not,
! Want Not"
\ " Little leaks bring to want, and tittle im-
, purities of the blood, if not attended to,
bring a. "Want" of health. Hood's Sar-
'■ saparilla. is the one and only specific that
' \ ivill remove all blood humors and impuri-
■ ties, thereby putting you into a condition
J of perfect health and strength.
; STATEMENT
1 v OF THE
• CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
1
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA, IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of December,
1 A. D. 1898, and for the year ending on that day,
] as made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
! condense* as per blank furnished by. the Com-
I missioner.
CAPITAL.
, j Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash : $500.000 00
ASSETS.'
1 Real Estate owned by Company. ...s 359.159 23
! Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 1,050.560 £6
i Cash Market Value of all Stocks and,
I Bonds owned by Company ' 824,027 50
Amount of Loans secured by pledge •
of Bonds. Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities a* collateral.... 67,700 00
Cash in Company's Office 8,684 24
Cash in Banks 177,793 45
I Interest due and accrued on all
i Stocks and Loans 1,037 50
< Interest due and accrued on Bonds
j and Mortgages 16,807 06
i Premiums in due Course of Collec-
! tlcn • 115,683 92
j Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
I for Fire and Marine Risks
I Rents due and accrued 7.918 21
I Ground Rents, well secured 21.320 00
Total Assets , $2,710,727 67
LIABILITIES. ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid $ 47,895 96
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense . 100.999 24
Losses resisted, Including expenses.. 2,818 Oli
Gross premiums or. Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $950,935 95;
reinsurance 50 per cent 475,469 47
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $909,-
-247 99; reinsurance pro rata 494,791 65
Gross premiums on Marine and
Inland Navigation Risks, $ ;
reinsurance 100 per cent
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, $ ; reinsurance 50 per
cent '. ....
Amount reclalmable by the insured
on- perpetual fire Insurance policies 666,667 Si
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due 17,352 55
Total Liabilities $1,705,994 25
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums : 1,226.144 4£
Deposit premiums on perpetual
' tk » ••■ 16,73165
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages . 61,574 85
Received for Interest and dividends •
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 41 543 fie"
Received for Rents 18 569 94
Received from all other sources 2^65 0!
Total Income .$1.370.329 60
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $120,141 60, losses of previ-
ous years) 5 781.877 0€
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(Including deposit premiums re-
turned •.. 17 J. 22 4?
Dividends to Stockholder* ..'.'.'.'. 40000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage ■. 244 0"S 4fi
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other " >v - a "
charges for of fleers, clerks, etc.... 48 356 00
Paid for State. National and local
taxes ; 43 757 "7
All other payments and expend'i-
turcs 171.055 25
Total Expenditures ■„ $1,310,626 47
Losses Incurred during the year.... $513.44166
Rlsk< and Premiums. | Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
>' : ' r : $139.055.171 $1,694,495 47
Net amount of Risks
expired during the "v. -?.•
x . >' oar ! 130,651,130 1,568,612 04
Net amount in force!
December 31. 1888, ...| 167.35 C.350 1.560.158 94
THOB. H. MONTGOMERY. President.
RICHARD MARIS, Secretary.
Subscribed to and sworn to before me, this
6th day of February, 1899.
HENRY F. REARDON, . Notary. Public.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
GENERAL AGENTS.
411-413 CALIFORNIA STREET,
I : j. .; •*i - SAN FRANCISCCV •
POSITIVELY
LAST
•f^Til i 1
111 1
jnLLi
This fs the last opportunity
you will ever have to buy our
stock at rock bottom price.
You have watched other oil
stocks advance steadily, and
probably wished you had
bought in on the ground floor.
Our stock will be sold as fol-
lows
Sept. lit- 15—1000 shares at $1.00
Sept. 15 to 25—1000 shares at 1.40
Sept. 25 to Oct. s— looo shares at 1.89
Oct. sto 15—1000 shares at 2.20
Oct. 16 to 25—1000 shares at 2.60
Oot. 25 to Not. s—looo shares at 3.00
Not. 6 to 15—1000 shares .at 3.40
Nor 15 to 25—1000 shares at 380
Not. 25 to Dee. s—looo shares 'at 420
Dee. 5 to 15—1000 shares at 460
Deo- 15 to 25—1000 shares at 6.00
400" Profit
— BY —
CHRISTMAS!
and 1000 per cent profit if we
strike oil in the meantime.
Applications received up to
Saturday, Sept. i6th, 12
o'clock midnight, or mail or-
ders bearing postmark up to
that hour, will be filled at $1
per share.
BIG PANOCHE OIL CO.,
ADAMS BUILDING,
206 KEARNY STREET.
BAN FRANCISCO.
OPEN EVENINGS.
STATEMENT
.. — — OF. THE— ,,.
CONDITION ANIV AFFAIRS
—OF THE
SVEA
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF GOTHENBURG, SWEDEN. ON THE
31st day of December, A. D. 1898, and for
the year ending on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali- "
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections ,
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed aa
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash $533,333 33
ASSETS. "
Real Estate owned by Company $703,200 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 2,735,077 21
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2,333,654 S4
| Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other mar-
I ketable securities as collateral 972.090 9?
I cash In Banks 57,963 79
Cash in Company's Office
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 66,914 78
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 194,463 3t
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
I for Fire and Marine Risks
1 Rents due and accrued
Due from other Companies for Re-
Insurance on losses already paid.... 250.837 83
■ Total Assets : .$7,314.23. 61
1 LIABILITIES. .
Losses adjusted and unpaid
Losses in process of Adjustment or
I in Suspense $106,666 64
Losses resisted. Including expenses..
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less* $ : re-
Insurance 50 per cent. Gross pre-
miums -on Fire Risks running more
than one year. $ ; reinsur- _,„„„_.
ance pro rata •••• 049,25, 7W
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks. $ ; re-
insurance 100 per cent.... •■•"••
Gross premiums on Marine T lmo
Risks, $ : reinsurance .'0 per
LUblUty' under Life' Department:::::: 4.502.950 83
Cash dividends remaining unpa <!.„. X.139 >*
All other demands against the Com- £££ g 4J
pany ' [
Total Liabilities J5J518.873 47
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums ......$1,350,801 39
Net Cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums •■••■•, ••
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages ;••;.••:•;••••.••
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from
all other source* ■ 252.844 OS .
Received for Rents 41,969 19
Received from all other sources 1.001,880 56
Total Income .$2.677,495 22
EXPENDITURES. ~
Net amount uald for Fire Losses
* (including $ ■ • loases of pre-
vious years ;"";;*'V".V $570,655 44
Net i' mount paid for Marine Losses
" (including $- • losses of pre-
vious years)..... ■•••
Dividends to Stockholders.....
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage •■ . 475.474 29
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 132,732 33
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 17. 15T 06
All other payments and expenditures 1,307,050 S2
Total Expenditures .$2.506,149 99
Fire.
Losers Incurred during the year $570.633 41
Risks and Premiums. | Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
* written during: the
year i $291,330,452 $2,035.462 81
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year • 173.459.061 ] 842.231 05
Net ii mount in force
December 31. 1838 1W.531.322 1.095,536 S3
_ Ol.c WIJK. President ,
' ERNST BRING, Secretary.
' Subscribed and sworn to before me this Ist
day of April. 1599.
GUDM. AKERMARK. Notary Public
'■■ ■ — • i
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
; GENERAL AGENT*.
411-413 CALIFORNIA STREET,
;.«..• '-1.. SAN -FRANCISCO. 1 .- : - vSUCCESS OF THE STATE FAIR
CELEBRATED AT A BANQUET
ACRAMEXTO, Sept. 15. — In recognition of the assistance rendered the
♦ t"j Stare Agricultural Society by the Citizens' State Fair Executive Com
* mittee, the outcome of which was the most successful State Fair held for
\ many years. President A. B. Spreckels of the State society entertained the Citi
ena cecuiive Committee at dinner at the Sutte/ Club in this city to-night. All
c members of the committee were present, together with all but two of the
*, - iltural Directors. Appropriate toasts were proposed and responded to
\ in happy eeches. The menu was exceedingly line and was specially got
**. up for the occasion. —
BRAUNHART ON
HIS HEARING
FOR PERJURY
Judge Graham Listens
to Evidence.
BART BURKE ON THE STAND
SIcGOVERIT HANDS aicENEBITEY
A HOT POTATO.
Democratic Linen Dug TJp From the
Old do' Bag 1 and Paraded
in the Police
Court.
From 1 the amount of Democratic dirty
linen displayed in court — fast nizht,
Laundryman W. J. Birgy made a poor
Job of it while he was In the Senate
In. ■•'. The ragmen of the party dug
deep into the old clo' bag and brought
out a lot of disrespectable looking
.garments for public inspection. The
occasion was the preliminary hearing
of Senator and Port Warden Sammy
Braur.hart. charged before Police Judge
Graham with perjury In having sworn,
on the trial of the case of ex-State
Senator William J. Dunn vs. W. R.
'Hearst, that ex-Senator Bart Burke
and John F. McGovern had told him
.Dunn's reputation was bad. Frank
'McGowan appeared as special prose
; cutor. Garret McEnerney represented
the knight of the buggy robe. Max
'Popper. E. P. E. Troy, Clitus Barbour
and other well known performers in
the Democratic circus were present.
McEnerney opened th« way for It on
OIL
INVESTORS
TO BE ASTOUNDED.
The <S«v«lojin:enta that are now taking
plar». and which will b« publicly an-
nounced la the papers of the 224. will
Increase the value of the stock of this
comca.-.r 100 per cent.
All persons refrt«ered on oar books
a« itockholden prior to September list
will receive the benefit of this Incrtasa.
INVESTIGATE. .
PROSPECTUS FREE.
Union Consolidated Oil and
Transportation Co,
322-323 PABSOTT BUILDING,
SAN FRANCISCO.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
460 TENTH STREET.
Offices open li m. to I p. m.
AT THE BANQUET AT THE SUTTER CLUB.
his cross-examination of Ex-Senator
Burke and he pursued the lead till near '
adjournment, ■when he picked up some
thing from Ex-Groceryman McGovern
that greatly resembled a hot potato. At !
' any rate, the attorney for the once
: Buckleyite-turaed-reformer dropped it
in a manner to strengthen that belief,
' a glad smile stole ever the features of
McGowan, while Sammy fairly writhed
in his chair.
McGovern had been put on the stand
as a witness for Dunn and in response
to Questions by McGowan, he testified |
that Braunhart ha.l often brought up ;
the subject of Dunn's reputation.
"It is possible," said McGovern, i
"that I might have said Dunn was i
making- a fool of himself in the Legisla- '
j ture, but I never did say to Senator
| Braunhart that his reputation for hon
esty was bad."
On cross-examination McGovern said
! he had not told Braunhart in what way
! Dunn had acted foolishly. He said he
' did not remember that he had ever told
'• Braunhart that Dunn had ever taken j
money for his vote as Senator.
"Did you have a private opinion,"
asked McEnerney, "that Dunn had tak- j
j en money as Senator?"
"Well, I did on one occasion/ was the
: answer, "when Senator Braunhart fur
; nished me the information."
"Did you get that Information from i
' anybody else?"
"No. sir; I did not."
In answer to further cross-examina- i
tion McGovern said that on one occa
sion after th- late primary. Dunn had
i called him to account for having com- I
: pared his Senatorial record with that i
! of Braunhart.
"There was a man there who was |
: talking about Braunhart," said McGov
i em. "I listened to him for a while
i and asked him what he had against
| Braunhart. He says: 'We don't want
; a Jew running In an Irish district.' I j
: says, 'Well, what else? Is that all?' !
\ and he says. 'Ain't that enough?' And i
! I said 'That is not sufficient to satisfy '•
;me that you are right. Doesn't Sena- j
; tor Braunharfs record compare favor
; ably with that of Dunn or any other !
j of his predecessors?' "
McEnerney then proceeded to ques
'■ tion McGovern as to various cases In |
| which It had been charged Dunn was !
I concerned. The witness answered that I
i he knew of the alleged If. B. Curtis I
: jury bribery case and the Jack Wise i
'. green goods case only from the news- j
papers and did not believe that Dunn j
was guilty in either case. At the times j
• when those matters were before the ]
1 public, -McGovern admitted that he was j
: busy reorganizing the Democratic j
party with Braunhart.
"In conversations with Braunhart."
said McGovern. "he often brought ud •
the subject of Dunn's record, comDar- I
; ing it with his."
"No, I didn't," said Braunhart. In an"
aside that could be heard a block away;
"he always compared it with mine."
Witness also remembered that
Braunhaxt told him that Dunn had at
; tempted to borrow money from several
| different parties for whom he had se
cured employment.
"In any of these conversations about
Dunn, suggested by Braunhart." said
Attorney McGowan on redirect exam
ination, "did Braunhart ever tell you
that Dunn's name was on the Exam- i
inees roll of honor?"
"No, sir."
"Didn't he tell you Dunn's, name was
on the roll of honor published in 1595 j
in the Examiner?" .■ .
"No, sir."
"That only proves," Bald McEnerney,
"that the Examiner gets wiser as it j
grows older."
■•Yes," retorted McGowan, "and that
times change."
On recross-examlnatlon McEnerney
called for the production of the affidavit
made by McGovern on September 12. j
It was produced and the trend of the j
attorney's question was to show that \
the Wharfinger was in a fuzzled condi- i
THE PAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1899.
Mr. Spreckels and his colleagues of the board of directors were lavish in
their praise of the work of the Citizens' Committee, which caused the fair to be
the unqualified success that it is. The following were the guests of Mr. Spreck
els: Frank Miller and J. O. Coieman, president and secretary respectively of the
Sacramento Chamber of Commerce; T. L. Enwright. W. F. Purnell, H. C. Fisher.
H. I. Seymour. Albert Elkus. Frank L. Gray, C. W. Morton and C. H. Holmes.
The following directors of the State Agricultural Society were also present be
sides President Spreckels: Directors Terry, Barrett. Covey, Cobb, Cox. Tohn
son, Wilson, Knight and Matthews. Peter J. Shields, secretary of the society, was
also a guest.
• Uoo from drink -when he made it and .
- know -*hat he was doing. Wit- i
! c nie<l that he had told Braunhart
he -was drunk when he made the am- j
j davit, although he did recollect that he
had said he did not remember what was
! in it.
Witness said that the most recent
i conversation he had had with Braun
: hart was on the morning before the
I Port Warden testified in the Hearst
i case.
What was it?" asked MeEnerney,
and after McGorern had detailed it he !
pped him uqickly.
"Braunhart told me he had been
I subpenaed in the case," said McGov
i crn, "and said he was going to use my
! name. I says "What are you going to
! use my name for?' and he says 'You
; are a reputable man,' or something j
j like that, 'Ar.d I am going to use your '
name a.s having said that Dunn's repu
tation was bad.' I says "Don't you do j
\ it. because you can't verify it. I never
mid Dunn's reputation was bad, or
anything of the kind.' "
Braunhart did use McGovem'a name
after that and that is why he is ac
:. H<» also used the name of ex
j Senator Bart Burke, who also testified
; last night that he did not recollect ever
I having said anything to Braunhart
i about Dunn's character.
McEnerney gut from Burke the fact
that the ex-Senator and Braunhart
had had a conversation at the Baldwin
Hotel in 1596. at which Braunhart had
j asked him for pointers on the hold-over j
i Senators and at which the "railroad"
! and anti-railroad proclivities of the
1 men under review were discussed gen
erally. Burke entirely failed to recali
any references that had been made to
j Dunn, and was inclined to the
that the name of that Senator had not .
| come up, notwithstanding the fact that
i Braunhart had so /worn in the Dunn-
Hearst case.
McEnerney took the ex-Senator back
to the days of the session of '95 and
| tried every possible method known to !
I the crose-examiner to draw from him ;
i something that would support his case. ;
i but Burke, while he had had his own
i opinions concerning Senators who were
j railroad and others who could be j
I "reached," was loth to state that he :
' had mentioned Dunn's name to Braun
i hart as one of them. He said he had
: some recollection of the charge that
Senator Biggy had made at that ses
sion that Senator Dunn had approached
j him with a proposition to go into a :
i combine for money. He said he re
: garded Biggy as a truthful man. but ;
' had heard nothing of the evidence be
■ fore the committee and knew the mat
had not been pushed.
"Did you ever alter your belief that
Bigey's statement was true?"
Burke paused a long while before he
! answered.
"I would rather be excused from
answering that question."
A low whistle sounded in the court
room, as If somebody had been sur
! prised. The court looked daggers, but
| could not find the culprit.
"I insist upon it," said McEnerney.
"I certainly think." said Burke, "that
Senator Biggy believed it to be true.
I think he told what be believed to be
; true. I don't know whether it was true
| or not."
On redirect examination Burke re
membered that in making the charge
Biggy had not mentioned any Senator's
name.
"In that Senate," asked McGowan,
"wasn't the test of railroad or anti-rail
i road, a Senator's vote on the back tax
; bill?"
• '♦ was."
"lDtdn't Senator Dunn vote with you
on that bill?"
"Yes, sir; that's my recollection."
Ambrose A. Watson and Ijjdwtn S.
i Biddle, courtroom clerk and 'stenog- j
! rapher, respectively, of department 5, j
' Superior Court, testified to the proceed- I
: ings In that court In Dunn vs. Hearst,
and produced the record which was
placed in evidence.
The hearing will be resumed at 11
o'clock this morning, with Braunhart
!«• the stand in his own behalf.
ADAMS SAFE
FROM ARREST
IN ENGLAND
"Handsome George"
Eludes the Police.
HIS BOARD BILL UNPAID
LEFT HIS EXTENSIVE WABD-
B.OBE BEHTND HIM.
Chief Lees Believes That "He "Was
Paid by Mrs. Howard
to Leave the
Country.
♦
"Handsome** George Adams, who is be
ing sought for by the police in connection
with the criminal transactions of Howard,
the Australian piunger, Is now in Lon
don: After making a statement of his
connection with Howard to Chief Lees,
Adam got cold feet and skipped out.
Prior to hi* disappearance he was stop
ping at a hotel in San Rafael. He owed
considerable money to the landlord, and
rather than attempt to surreptitiously
move his baggage he left his wardrobe,
consisting of several suits of clothing and
a miscellaneous assortment of collars and
underwear, in his room.
Becoming suspicious of his actions and
concluding that he intended to • - oeat"
him, the landlord took possession of the
articles, hoping that Adams would return
to claim them. After waiting for some
time and not hearing from him. the pro
prietor of the hotel concluded that he
had left for parts unknown. The police
were at once notified and they succeeded
in tracing "Handsome George" to New
York.
BEEGHAM'S
PILLS
The Best and Safest
Family Medicine
FOR ALL
Bilious and Nervous Disorders
Sick Headache, Constipation,
Weak Stomach, Impaired Di-
gestion, Disordered Liver and
Female Ailraents.
The World's Medicine
Annual Sate Exceeds 6,000,000 Boxes.
10 cents and 25 cents, at all drag stores.
Beecham'B PIUS have the largest sale of '
any Proprietary Medicine in the world, and
this has been achieved
Without the publication of testimonials '
He stopped at one of the leading hotels
and g-ave out the impression that h» was ,
a mining man in search of pleasure and I
recreation.
The following day ho left for London
after announcing that he did not intend to i
return to America.
The fact that Adams was amply sup
plied with money considerably worried
the police, as they knew that he was pen
niless when he suddenly disappeared
leaving his wardrobe in the San Rafael ,
j hotel. After an investigation they beram- 3
convinced that the money which enabled '
\ Adams to return to England was fi
nished by Mrs. Howard, the wife of the
"Plunger."
According to the police Howard was
1 anxious to get Adams out of the w.iv as
he feared that in case Adams was 'ar
rested he could be induced to tell what
h» knows of Howard's swindling practices j
and his diabolical plot to murder Cap
italist Green.
"Bob" Creelman. the companion of
Howard, was closely questioned by
Lees last night as to the whereabouts of '
the much-wanted fugitive. He admitted !
that he had accompanied him as fir as j
Spokane, but denied that he knew hia I
present whereabouts.
"Eddie" Kauffman, whose name has
figured prominently In connection with
Howard, returned to this city yesterday
from N'"w York. Kauffman was met at '
the ferry by Detective Tom Gibson and
questioned as to the whereabouts of How
ard. He denied that he had seen him i
since h<* disappeared from this city after;
learning that warrants charg-ing him with '
robbing Capitalist Green fa sailed
Chief Lees and his men are hopeful of j
eventually catching Howard.
To-day further hearing of the writ of !
habeas corpus sworn out by Casey, the
Australian crook, and one of the suspect- ]
ed Alameda robbers, comes tip before |
J'idee Murasky. The police are confident
that he will be remanded to jail.
Ib^^^^^^^^^p^^^^^M Every one of these $10
suits is generally an ad-
'^BB^MJSlftp^^^i vertisemeat for vs — a sat-
iSra-^X IBliii&sii^*^^ isfied buyer is sure to talk
Bfc <* s_ fßiSlipsi^r?-- •■Jf^H about his purchase.
IP^MpS! ■) b e dissatisfied we refund
\^ r/*^j~~^O / h' s money, for we want
i i ■ -CT"*^ ■■^SZ/ L his good will.
Z-I^-^--^«^ X"^^\^ VJ But it rarely occurs that
WlvV JSt - we are as^ ec^ t0 re^'Jnd
|j^v vV^v^ /JjHpii money — somehow oar cus-
[|r J^~ r*r \ Wm money is^worth the goods.
C<*H f I — " J s?\ Send for samples of these $»o
■ v -, "5 \ YlfifiltflfH^i 718 Market and
CHANGE IN
ROUTE OF THE
DEWEY PARADE
Marines Will Not Be Com
pelled to March Over
Rough Pavements.
McKIXIFS ABSENCE
It Would Be Necessary for Him
to Take Preoedenoe of the
Admiral in Line.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
NEW YORK. Sept. 15,— Dewey
land parade will move in Fifth avenue
instead of Broadway south of Twenty
third street, and will disband on the
south side of- Washington Square. One
of its strongest advocates was Rear
Admiral Philip, who declared that it
would be a hardship for the sailors of
the Olympia, unused as they are to
marching, to tramp down Broadway.
"They should be kept on asphalt pave
ments' the entire distance, if such a
thing be possible," he declared. .
General Roe said that there would be
10,000 visiting troops in line. Other
men in line, General Roe said, would
be from the navy 2000, army 2000, Na
tional Guard of the State 15,000, former
Confederates 1000, members of the G. A.
R., 15,000. veterans of the Spanish-
American war 2500.
General Carroll, after saying that the
plans for the naval - parade had been
completed, launched into a defense of
the administration, in view, he said, of
the attacks made by certain news
papers.
The President, General Carroll said,
had told him that as commander of the
army and navy, he would naturally
take precedence in military and naval
affairs over even Admiral Dewey. He
did not desire to detract from Dewey's
glory, so he would stay away.
Chief of Police Devery told the com
mittee he objected to the plan to drive
the admiral to Claremont Inn after the
ceremonies at the City Hall. He said
he thought that hundreds of carriages
would attempt to follow, blocking the
streets and interfering with the police.
He suggested that Admiral Dewey be
taken up town in an elevated railroad
train. There was a storm of objections
to this and it was finally decided that
the escort to Admiral Dewey's carriage
should be limited to four carriages.
It was announced to-day that the
main pyrotechnic display would be off
the Battery. Permission to use Gov
ernors Island has been obtained and the
fireworks committee also hopes to be
able to make a display from Liberty
Island.
Mayor Hoos of Jersey City has pre
vailed upon the State authorities to
grant hi. the use of three cannon
with which salutes will be fired from.
the Jersey shore.
MURDERER' MAY BE SENT
BACK TO AUSTRIA
Bartholomew Kost Will Be Extra
dited Unless the Secretary of
State Intervenes.
CHICAGO. Sept. 13.— Unless the Secre
tary of State intervenes Bartholomew
Kost. the Austrian, who was arrested in
Chicago several weeks ago on the charge
of. murdering Marie Vcdika in Aus
tria, in March, will have to go back
to Austria as a prisoner to answer to the
charge of murder pending against him
there. United States Commissioner
Booth to-day decided that evidence suf
ficient to warrant extradition had been
presented and committed Kost to the
County *Jail to await the arrival of the
Austrian officers.
STRIKE AT MARE ISLAND.
Shipwrights Refuse to "Work on an
Outside Job.
VALLEJO, Sept. 15.— Following 1 the re
cent cut in wages at Mare Island the
shipwrights refused to-day to work on
the San Francisco Bridge Company's
dredger, which is now in the dock.
Permfssion was secured from the au
thorities by the bridge company, but the
mechanics say that while they are will
ing to work for the Government at their
present wage until the matter is settled
they do not think any outside firm should
be allowed to have work dnne at a less
rate than they would have to pay in San
Francisco.
Water Company Must Pay.
LOS ANGELES. Sept. 15.— Superior
Judge Campbell has rendered a decision
to the effect that Los Ang-eies City Water
Company must pay taxes upon the money
which accumulated in the hands of the
receiver of the company durin? the time
the company was in his hands. The tax
amounts to $1800.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
OF ■ THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Connecticut Mutual
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD. IN THE STATE OF CON-
necticut, on the 31st day of December,
A. D. IS9S. and for the year ending on that
day; made to the Insurance Commissioner of
the State of California, j pursuant to the re-
quirements of section 613 of the Political Code
at said State.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock paid up
in Cash f.
ASSETS.
Net value of Real Estate owned by
the Company $15,977,642 71
Amount of Loans secured by Bond
and Mortgage on Real Estate 23.900,133 19
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks or other market-
able securities as collateral 2.3C0 00
Premium notes and loans In any
form taken In payment of premi-
ums on policies now in force 904. K2 19
Cash market value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned *y the Company — 20.406.C63 42
Amount of Cash on hand in Com-
pany's office
Amount of Cash deposited in Banks 1,853.745 26
Interest due and accrued 565.7C2 S3
Rents due and accrued 12,572 XI
Net amount of premiums in process
of collection and of deferred pre-
miums 322.543 40
Total assets _ FA. 33" 27
LIABILITIES.
Claims for death losses and matured
endowments, due and unpaid i 37,570 30
Claims for death losses and ma-
tured endowments in process of
adjustment, or adjusted but not
due 149,319 00
Claims resisted by the Company.... 40.392 00
Net present value of all the out-
standing policies, computed ac-
cording to the Combined Experi-
ence Tables of Mortality, with . 4
per cent Interest . 55. 351, 51 4 00
Amount of all unpaid dividends to
policy holders 752.437 17
Surrender values claimable on poli-
cies canceled 241.360 00
Premiums paid in advance 34,554 53
Additional special reserve for Term.
Policies and Annuities 1?. 091 00
Total liabilities 556.565.545 20
INCOME.
Cash received for premiums on new
policies during the year 1 333,300 44
Cash received for renewal of premi-
ums during the year 4,427.580 04
Cash received for sale of annuities.. 1.373 00
Cash received for interest - 2.780.250 07
Cash received for rents 309,337 53
Cash received from all other sources
Total Income . |7.335,47S 14
EXPENDITURES.
Cash paid for losses and matured
endowments H. 354,340 44
Cash paid to annuitants 25 00
Paid for surrendered policies 656,040 55
Paid for dividends to policy hoM-
ers ~. 1,272,633 7S
Cash paid for dividends to stock-
holders
Commissions paid to agents 360,304 71
Salaries and other compensation of
officers and employes, except
agents and medical examiners — 151. 639 33
Salaries and traveling expenses of
managers of agencies 23,993 S3
Medical examiners" fees and sal-
aries n.mm
Cash paid for taxes 206.335 63
Cash paid for rents 7.037 CO
Cash paid for taxes on Real Estate 177,64* 52
All other cash payments 279.160 00
Total expenditures during the
Tear 17.439,960 99
PREMIUM-NOTE ACCOUNT.
Premium notes and other
premium obligations at ■ .;
beginning of the year... 5383,315 7%
Premium notes and other
premium obligations re-
ceived during the year... «8 00
Total — in 3383,3*3 72
Deductions during the year, as follow*,
Amount of notes and other
premium obllgatiorts used
In payment of losses and
claims 322,277 37 ?
Amount of notes and other
premium obligations used
fn purchase of surren-
dered policies 1.320 43
Amount of notes and other
premium obligations used
" In payment of dividends
to policy holders 35,311 H
Amount of notes and ether
premium obligations void-
ed by lapse of policies.. 1.124 90
Amount of notes and other
premium obligations re-
deemed by maker la.
cash 11.3T7 ft
Total reduction of Premium-
Note Account 179,381 53
Balance, net* aasets at end of the
year $304.622 19
JACOB L. GREENE. President
HERBERT H. WHITE. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before ma. this
17th day of February. .1539.
NATHAN F. PECK, Notary Public
F\ R. NOYES,
GENERAL AGENT,
A. K. R. HARMON,
District Baj«riatendeat AgBn«iM,
30-31-32 Mills Building:. Montgomery St..
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
if Jl is ro^ » c?^ Is
00 0000000000000
•*» PALACE
° * a in hotels o
o SAW PitJIHCfSCO. "
Connected by a eoTered panaafviray. **
5* 1400 Room*- 900 wih Bath Attach* A ©
O All Under On* M&aacamest. O
O HOT* TH2 Pi! CM: O
O ( nPlac.<l.OO per day and upward O
* A American P:an.s3.oO per day and upward _
V Correspondence Solicited. O
JO JOHS 0. SISKPATSICX. Kiaagtr. O
00 0.0 00 O O Q O_OjP_Q_Q.Qjo_o.O
f^ CBUsieeter** EatU*i Dtaaoad Bm& -
fE^KVROYAL PILLS
ENNYROYAL PILLS
B t^S^s. Original aad O»iy o—l—. A
jtj/tt<\ •*' l »;■»»»• RliabU. Li:(iutf\
Jfcjvifc^a Dnutxlit Ibr OkicAo>c«T- « JVi./iu.» i>-i-j(w*i
UHtfFMlSf&marui Brand ta Bed ud '^.ut vu..^VW
T^ C<rl*i""i m%M wteb him ribboa. Tmka VL7
W 9>4 Winootier. *t,*w d-n^rxKj <viu» ▼
I / ~ ijf tiw and imitasv. iv. At ; jis. or wad 4«,
IW> - JM la lUmpa Tor ; trtleslan. ta*tioesi>ia »a 4
V *• B '• K«U«f fop Ladies" in Urtw. hr retava
■Jk jTr Mail. J o,o*O TMtlaonnU. Jfasw Paper.
> "«- - */ Ci>He«ter Oejoleal C«.,.\f *O<*« Bq«ara>
f >r«auc»iiwtf»a. PHlEapa, p^
..^■^Aml w« « i» » Boa-ponoooM
- *^BS^^" X remedy for Gonorrhoea.
VtfP&^CCJiEsStjfg G!»et, Spermatorrhoea
£&?0 li lto H»jt- Whites, nnnatarai ii».
mff^f G :ir»n»«^l fg cbargea, or any lnflairtnia*
»£] sat » xrUtars. tfoa, irritation or nicer**
k4*nnsii Msuaftoo. ticn of a aeons ciera-
■F7SlrHE£y».« CKSsmuCa tr3a «°- Noo-Mtricijenu
VfIk^MCIINATI.O HB *° ld bT ***"*&•*».
IBttk. tt. - ± jgSST 0 * • ent ta P l * lll Tapper.
<2@^9jßgS^aW |i.oo. or 3 bottia*, G.TS.
v ■ urrvoiar Mat ea n«Baj^
\ . — — ■ ■ — . __
>^!^.DEWEy,STRCNG ScCO.^f^.
(l ."PATENTS! 11
Aggr 330 MARKET STVsT>^y
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIAXA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
i strength to sexual organs. Depot, 823 Market.
34
TRANSVAAL CRISIS NOW
AT ITS MOST ACUTE PHASE
View of Lourenzo Marques, Delagoa Bay.
In this picture, which is from a sketch by J. Harrington, the Portuguese custom-house Is shown in the foreground
PRETORIA. Sept. IB.— At the
close of the discussion both the
ids met In secret session to
discuss the final draft of the
Transvaal's reply, which will be
handed to I'nnyngham Greene,
the British agent here, in the ■
morning. It is understood the
reply Is courteous, urges the ac
ceptance of the joint conference
and maintains the convention of
1884.
LONDON, Sept. 16.— special dis
patch from Pretoria says: The Trans
vaal adheres to the seven years' fran
chise law, but. Is willing to consider
and, if necessary, to adopt any sug
gestion Great Britain may make with
regard to the working of the law. In
regard to the other points of Mr. Cham
berlain's dispatch, the Transvaal bold
ly stands by the London convention.
It is said that the reply is couched in
polite terms.
State Secretary Reitz, in the course
of an Interview to-day, expressed some
doubt as to whether any alteration
would be made in the existing fran
chise law, but said he believed a way
should and could be found to estab
lish an arbitration court. As to suzer
ainty, the least said the soonest mend
ed, marked the State Secretary. \ "
In the forecasts of President Kruger's
reply there is undoubtedly a large basis :
of truth which seems to bring the dis
pute within a measureable distance of
war.
Last evening the Press Association
issued a curious statement to the ef
fect that as soon as the garrison in
Natai had been sufficiently strength
ened the Transvaal Government would;
be called upon to accept a new conven
tion, already drafted, which, while
guaranteeing the integrity of the
Transvaal State, provides for the de
molition of the forts and limits the
armed force of the Transvaal to a num- j
ber deemed sufficient to maintain inter- i
nal oider.
According to the Press Association.
the convention will demand that the
diplomatic agencies be suppressed and
the judiciary be made independent -of
the executive. This statment, which
realizes the extreme demands of the
out landers, must be accepted under re
serve at the present stage, hut it is not
unlikely to be a semi-official hint as to
the next move of the Government i
should President Kruger prove obstin- |
ate.
The morning paper editorials re
garded the crisis as having reached its i
most acute phase. The Dally News •
says: "We refuse to believe that Presi
dent Kruger is so foolish as to reject
Mr. Chamberlain's moderate demands."
The Daily Chronicle, which appeals
again to Mr. Kruger "to accept while it
is yet time and before England's terms
become harder," says: "A refusal of
the present terms will involve the ruin ;
of the State over which President Kru
ger presides. The British Government t
have played their first and second |
moves in the game and must perforce |
play the third and then the fourth. If
Mr. Kruger haggles the sinister condi
tions in South Africa will grow worse
until a catastrophe is reached."
Other papers talk of the imminence
of war, and all the dispatches from
South Afrit continue to describe the
military preparations on both sides.
The Pretoria correspondent of the
Daily Chronicle says: "The Boers as
sert that Mr. Conyngnam Greene, Brit
ish diplomatic agent at Pretoria, knew
it was their intention to adopt the at
titude they have regarding suzerainty
and that he tacitly encouraged thtm,
as the documents show. His forty
eight hour demand and the string of
blue book innuendos, for which he and
Sir Alfred Milner are responsible, have '
produced an official atmosphere In
which anything is possible. At the
same time Mr. Hofmeyer and practi- i
cally every member of the Cape Afri
kander party have wired, urging ac
ceptance of the British demands."
The Pretoria correspondent of the
Times, in his forecast of the Trans
vaal's reply, declares that the Boers
•will lay stress on the sever! years' fran- i
chise law. though offering to consider I
their suggestions as to its working and
for the rest take their stand in the Lon
don convention.
The Times says: "We cannot believe
that President Kruger will reject the J
latest proposals of the Government, and '
we would remind him that even Mr. !
Morley has indorsed the five-year fran
chise and urged him to accept the Cape
Town conference."
It is understood that a Cabinet Coun
cil will be summoned as soon as the
Transvaal's reply is received.
The Pretoria correspondent of the j
Manchester Guardian, telegraphing Fri- j
day, says: "The situation has become '
extremely grave. The material changes j
in the draft of the reply delivered to
Mr. Greene to-day are due to represen
tations from Bloemfonteln and the dis
patch is not of the Volksraad."
The dispatch then gives what pur
ports to be a summary of the reply,
which is similar to the other forecasts, |
concluding as follows: "The Transvaal
feels at liberty to depart from the Joint '
inquiry, which she accepted in the bona j
fide belief that it would lead to a final
settlement.''
The correspondent adds: "Both the
residents and the Executive Council
: ■:<-• firmly convinced that no finality is
: itended and that further concessions
■ould only postpone the struggle. The
Transvaal regards herself as tricked
into a proposal by Mr. Chamberlain.
The Orange Free State will certainly
stand by the Transvaal."
CAPE TOWN, Sept. 16.— The ■ British
High Commissioner, Sir Alfred Milner.
has issued a proclamation prescribing
severe penalties for inciting natives of
Basutoland and other districts to re
bellion.
JOHANNESBURG. Sept. 15.— The
Eastern Star of Johannesburg asserts
that a martial law proclamation is be
ing: printed.
It is reported here that the reply of
the Transvaal to the British note will
suggest a seven-year franchise.
BRITISH BLUE BOOK
ON TRANSVAAL DISPUTE
LONDON, Sept 15.— A blue book,
containing the last Transvaal dispatch
of the Secretary of State for the Colo
nips, Mr. Chamberlain, relating to the
matters which led up to the dispatch
being sent, was issued to-day. The
text of Mr. Chamberlain's note is iden
tical with the dispatch as cabled to the
Associated Press September 13. The
only important new feature revealed is
a telegram from the British High Com
missioner, Sir Alfred Milner, dated
August 31, referring to the commercial
distress and saying:
"I am receiving representations from
many quarters to urge the Imperial
Government to terminate the suspense.
British South Africa is prepared for
extreme measures and is ready to suf
ler much more in order to see the vin
dication of British authority. It is the
prolongation of the negotiations, end
less and Indecisive, that is dreaded. I
fear seriously that there will be a
strong reaction of feeling against the
policy of the Imperial Government if
matters drag. Please understand that
I invariably preach confidence and pa
tience and not without effect. But if I
did not inform you of the increasing
difficulty of doing thip. of the unmis
takable growth of uneasiness about the
present situation and ot the desire to
see it terminated at any cost, I should
be failing in my duty."
Other lengthy dispatches from the
British High Commissioner are pub
lished, but they only reiterate the Uit
lander claims regarding the franchise
and the Commissioner's ideas on the
propositions already made.
Mr. Conynaham Greene, the Britisli
agent at Pretoria in a letter to the
Transvaal Government, said the Impe
rial Government did not desire to hurt
the Boer susceptibilities by publicly re
asserting suzerainty, so long as no rea
son to do so was given by the Trans
vaal.
The Globe, commenting on this letter,
expressed the greatest regret at such
language and trusts Mr. Greene's words
do not represent the attitude of the Co
lonial Office. The Globe adds: "The
blue book gives little encouragement to
the belief that the Boers will show
themselves reasonable."
JOHN MORLEY PLEADS
TO MAINTAIN PEACE
MANCHESTER, Sept. 15.— The Rt.
Hon. John Morley, Liberal member of
Parliament for Montroseburgh, while
addressing a peace meeting in this city
to-night, at which a son of the late
John Bright, the distinguished British
statesman and friend of peace, presided,
was frequently interrupted by cries of
"Majuba Hill" and other anti-Boer
demonstrations. Retorting to the inter
ruptions, Mr. Morley said :
"A year or two ago the United States
saw only an aspect of war; and what
are they to-day? They are repenting.
They have their yellow press and we
have, our yellow press. If I am asked
to speak in this hall a year or two later,
I shall find those who now oppose me
repenting also."
The proceedings finally became so
noisy that Mr. Morley had great diffi
culty in obtaining a hearing. He urged
adherence to the five-year franchise
proposal and advised President Kruger
to accede to Great Britain's suggestion
r"garding the conference.
If. Leonard Courtney, Unionist mem
ber of Parliament for the Bodmln Divi
sion of Cornwall, in seconding Mr.
Morley's resolution In favor of secur
ing reforms by pacific means, advocated
the p-mlttlng of the question of suzer
ainty to the privy council.
Mr. Morley's resolution was carried
by a large majority, the noisy minority
expressing its dissent by hoisting the
Union Jack.
RIVER DANUBE IS
OVERFLOWING ITS BANKS
In Upper Austria on the Traunn a
Bridge Collapses and Nineteen
Men Are Drowned.
VIENNA, Sept. 15.— The Danube is, still
rising and is now 476 centimeters above its
normal level. As yet no serious danger
threatens Vienna, but the railway ; sta
tion and the streets along the banks of
the river are submerged.
; A dispatch, to the Neve Freie Presse
from Gmunden, on the river Traunn, Up
per Austria, says that an iron bridge over
the Traunn collapsed this afternoon while
twenty men were endeavoring to
S MUNICH iS Nineteen w£« drowned
MUNICH. Sept. lv.— The floods are sub
siding In Upper Bavaria, but railway
communication with the couth and south,
west Is still interrupted. The Danube and
the Inn have risen still further, and two
persons have been drowned by the cap
sizing of a 'boat. Direct communication
with Vienna Is Impossible • - Uon
COW CAUSES MURDER.
:■ SHBLLTON, Wash., Sept. 15.-E A.
Haskell was shot and killed lost night on
Hortstein Island by Wallace W Lott.
The shooting was caused by HaskHr«
cow breaking Into and damaging- Lou's
garden. " l s
THE SAN FRAIST CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1899.
ENTERTAINED HIS
FRIEND'S WIFE
AND WAS SHOT
George Mi Us Wounded
by J. McCullom.
BOTH MEN ARE EX-CONVICTS
TRIVIAL SLIGHT THAT NEARLY
ENDED IN MURDER,
Would-Be Assassin Taken Into Cus
tody for His Crime, and His
Victim in a Precarious
Condition.
♦
Shortly after midnight John McCul
lom, an ex-convict, shot and dangerously
wounded George Mills, who is also said
to be an ex-convict, and was placed un
der arrest by Officer O'Shea and is now In
the I'ny Prison awaiting the outcome of
his victim's injuries.
The shooting occurred on Sixth street,
and Is the outcome of a jealous quarrel
Mc-Cullom's wife had been drinking with
Mills- the night previous and in an unwise
moment told her husband. He became
insanely Jealous, and arming himself
went in search of his rival. He found
him coming out of a coffee house with a
man named Fred Grey, alias Wood and
after applying a vile epithet to Mills
pulled his pistol and opened fire The
first bullet lodged in the latter's foot, and
as he started to run away McCullom fired
again, th* bullet taking effect In the
groin. Before the assailant could do fur
ther damage Officer O'Shea rushed up and
took him into custody. The wounded man
was sent Immediately to the hospital
where his wounds were treated by the
physicians. While the latter do not think
Mills will (i IG , they think him In a pre
carious condition.
McCullom will probably be charged with
an assault to murder to-day.
LARGE FLEET OF THE
AMERICAN NAVY
List Published Showing the Addi
tions That Have Been Made
Recently.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 15,-Accordlng- to
a ll!>t just published by the Navy Depart
ment the navy of the United States con
sists of 304 men-of-war. This enormous
fleet is not actually In commission, as
there are sixty vessels under construc
tion. The list includes thirteen battle
ships, eight of which are under construc
tion; live armored cruisers, three of
which are projected; protected and un
protected cruisers, monitors gunboats
torpedo-boat destroyers and torpedo-
I boats, sailing and schoolshlps. rerelvlnjr
j ships and ten unserviceable vessels which
are used by the naval militia as dril'l
j ships.
I Some of the Increase In the number of
vessels Is due to the purchase by General
Otis of thirteen gunboats from Spain and
; captures of the navy during the war with
} Spain.
Captain A. S. Barker, formerly com
mander in chief of the Asiatic station re
ported at the Navy Department to-day
He is under orders for examination for
i promotion next Monday. He was in con
sultation with officials relative to his ac
ceptance of the presidency of the exam
ining board, made vacant by the assign
ment of Rear Admiral Howell to com
mand the Norfolk navy-yard.
Orders were issued to-day directing the
retirement on October IS of Rear Admiral
Howlson, commanding the South Atlan
j tic station. Admiral Howlson Is now on
I his way to New York. He will be detached
; immediately upon his arrival and ordered
to proceed to his home to await retire
ment.
New Pipe Organ.
SANTA ROSA, Sept. 15.— The new pipe
organ In the First Presbyterian Church
was used. for the first time to-night Otto
Flelsshner of San Francisco presided at
the Instrument. The organ was presented
by the Ladies' Aid Society of the church
and was fully paid for before It was used
Demorest Mine Sold.
SAN ANDREAS, Sept. 15.— Through the
instrumentality of F. J. Solinsky, a prom
inent attorney, the Demorest gold mine
has been gold to George E. Stickle of
Angels for $80,400.
SOLDIERS DESERT
BY THE WHOLESALE
Over One Huodred Members of
the Thirty-Second Regiment
Leave th)e I^anKs.
0 KANSAS CITY, Sept. 15.— Over one hundred members of the Thirty- §
D second Regiment of Volunteers decided on the eve of the regiment's de- g
J9 parture for San Francisco, en route to Manila, that they cared less §
g about fighting Filipinos than they thought they did, and took French 88
Q leave. Cj
The desertions began when marching orders arrived a week ago and x
2* have increased in number as the hour for departure approached, until fig
g the regiment is now nearly an entire company short. The regiment was g
g recruited in Nebraska, Kansas, lowa, Missouri, Oklahoma and Indian g
8 Territory. g
SIMPLE FUNERAL
OF VANDERBILT
No Ostentation Marks
the Rites.
TWO SERVICES ARE HELD
CEREMONY AT CHURCH PRE
CEDED BY ONE AT HOME.
Body of the Dead Millionaire Is Tak
en to Newdorp, Staten Island,
to the Family Mausoleum
. There.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Sept. 15.— Funeral services
were held over the remains of Cornelius
Vanderbilt to-day In St. Bartholomew's
Episcopal Church. The church funeral
was preceded by short exercises at the
house, to which only member of the fam
ily and clo»e friends were admitted.
The Rev. Dr. David H. Greer, rector of
St. Bartholomew's, officiated at both ser
vices. From the house to the church
the funeral party included Mrs. Vander
bilt, her children, Cornelius, Gladys,
Reginald and Mrs. Harry Payne Whit
ney; William X., Frederick and George
Vanderbilt, brothers of the dead man:
Mrs. Elliott F. Shepard, Mr. and Mrs. W.
D. Sloane and their two children, and
Mr. and Mrs. H. McK. Twombley.
At the church the casket was preceded
down the aisle by Bishop Potter and Dr.
Greer, the Bishop reciting the first sen
tences of the Episcopal service beginning:
"I am the resurrection and the lire."
The first lesson was read by the Rev.
Henry Morgan Stone of Trinity Church,
Newport. Dr. Greer read the burial ser
vice and the Bishop performed the rite
of springling dust on the casket, accord
ing to the Episcopal ritual. The services
were extremely simple. A choir of sixty
mixed voices, under the direction of the
church organist, Richard Henry Warren,
snug the music of the services and
Chopin's funeral march was played as
the procession moved up the aisle.
The only floral tributes at the church
were from the members of the family.
One great cross of roses, orchids and
lilies of the valley. more than six feet
tall, stood near the casket. Mrs. Van
derbilt walked with her eldest son, Cor
nelius.
At the close of the church service the
casket was taken to the Vanderbilt
mausoleum, Newdorp, Staten Island.
WEIR TRACKED
BY BLOODHOUND
The Animal Stops at His
Door.
HELD AS A HIGHWAYMAN
EVIDENCE IS NOW ALMOST COM
PLETE.
Is Believed to Be the Lone Highway
man Who Recently Robbed
, the Lakeport
Stage.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALISTOGA, Sept. 15.— There Is now
very little doubt In the minds of the of
ficers but that Joseph Weir, who was ar
rested last night, is the man who held up
the Lakeport stage. •
Shortly after the arrest was made a
bloodhound was started on the trail. The
tracks were cold and It took the dog three
hours to cover the distance of a mile, but
but he brought up at the house occupied
by Joe Weir and was savage when he
reached the door. The officers returned to
town this afternoon satisfied that they
had t lie right man. They were unable to
find the gun, black hat and mask. They
j were probably hidden in the thicket.
H. T. Quigley, the driver, is here to
| day. He says he is positive that Weir
! stopped the stage, and knew so at the
time, but was unable to place the man
until he reached Mirabel mine. The pas
sengers. Rev. C. F. Coy and Newton Stith,
are here foi the purpose of identifying
the robber. Coy says he recognized the
man at once to-day. He paj-8 that during
the robbery the mask came down over the
highwayman's nose, and before it was re
placed he got a good look at the forehead,
eyes and nose. He says he never saw the
man before yesterday, but recognized him
to-day. Newton Stlth, who is acquainted
with Weir by sight, corroborates Coy's
statement.
The officers have given up further
search, as they are satisfied that they
have the right man. District Attorney
Bell Is here gathering evidence, and the
preliminary examination will be held
early next week. Weir's mother came up
from the city to-day. The prisoner as
sured her that he is innocent.
ARRESTED FOR INDUCING
MINERS TO STRIKE
LONDON, Ky., Sept. 15.— W. C. Purcoll,
a member of the National Board of Mine
Workers, was arrested to-day on a war
rant by the operators of the seven mines
now on a strike at Altamont and Pitts
burg, Ky., charging him with inducing the
miners to strike while under contract.
He says his board will fight his case in
the highest courts. He is from Terro
Haute, Ind.
The strike continues. The Lilly miners
went out to-day, affecting 1000 miners.
PURSUING JOE PETE.
Indian Who Killed Willie I>anbury
Believed to Be Near West Point.
ANGELS CAMP, Sept. 16.— The pursuit
of ""Joe Pete," the Indian who shot and
killed Willie Danbury at Gardnerville,
Nev. , last Friday, has reached this place.
It is believed that the outlaw Is now lurk-
Ing in the vicinity of West Point, this
county, and the posse which traced him
here has divided and the men are search
ing the county singly and in groups.
William F. Curtz will leave here In the
morning to continue the search. Should
the Indian be caught he will be dealt with
summarily, as It is the intention of the
pursuing party to take him dead or alive.
?vi'--ti'.»- '* " *■:*:' ' \ Bat w,
OVFDWODK EXHAUSTION OF NERVE FORCE. THE DI-
KJ v l^r\ vv KJS\L\ GESTIVE ORGANS ARE SLUGGISH, MAKING
IMPOVERISHED, ACID BLOOD FILLED WITH MORBID MATERIAL. THE
SYSTEM IS UNNOURISHED AND LOSES STRENGHT, ENDURANCE. THE
BODY DOES NOT REST AT NIGHT AND CANNOT WORK IN THE DAY.
PAINE'S
Celery Compound
Makes nerve fibre, nerve force; keeps the organs of
the body in healthy action. The blood is made clean,
rich and in full quantity. Muscle tissues are nour-
ished, invigorated, and the body is healthy.
A. J. Criss, Canton, Ohio, writes : "I commenced using Paine's Celery Compound some
time last spring. I used two bottles and experienced almost immediate relief.
"I used many other so-called remedies before using Paine's Celery Compound, but none
of them did me any good. lam confident from my own experience that there is no medicine in
existence that will build up the broken-down system so quickly as Paine's Celery Compound."
FEDERAL TRUST
COMPANY FORMED
Members of Gould Fam-
ily Control.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Sept. 15.— The names of
the incorporators of the Federal Trust
Company, which was organize!] several
weeks ftfjo by Frank J. Qquld, wire made
public to-day. They Include Thomas T.
Eckert, president of the Western Union
Telegraph Company; Henry Marquand,
George J. QOOld, Howard Gould, Frank
Jay Gould, Edwin Gould, John P. Munn,
W" It. Thompson, W. F. llavemeyer,
Charles A. Gardiner (attorney of the
Manhattan Railway Company), John T.
Tucker. G. E. Fisher, T. Wlstar Brown
and S. O. Payne.
The work of perfecting- the organization
of the company will he performed without
loss of time, and some prominent finan
cier will probably be made executive head.
The stock has neen several times over
subscribed, the controlling Interest, it is
understood, being held by the four Goulds.
A general trust company and banking
business will be conducted. Rumor first
announced that a portion of the Gould
millions was to be Invested In a trust com
pany, to be known as the Federal Trust
Company, on August 17. It was then said
that the project had been quietly under
way for two months and that owing to
George Gould's absence from Now York
the exact interest which the Gould family
would take In the new company could not
be learned.
It was said that the capital stock of the
company would be $1,000,000. with a sur
plus of fcoo.ooo. and that of the 10,000 shares
of stock at least 5500 would be under the
control of the Goulds, all meml>ers of that
family, witn the exception of the Countess
of Castellane, being Interested in the
project.
There was much speculation in financial
circles as to whether the proposed com
pany would do a general banking business
or would be devoted to the management
of the Gould money alone. It was noted
at the time that the Federal Trust Com
pany would be the fifth organization of
the kind incorporated since July 10.
VANDERBILT'S MILLIONS.
Statement That Young Cornelius Was
Disinherited Denied.
NEW YORK, Sept. 15.— The World to
morrow will say: F. V. Rosslter treas
urer of the New York Central Railway
late last night made the following brief"
statement in answer to a question con
cerning the disposition of the millions
of the late Cornelius vanderbllt: "Toune
Cornelius Vanderbllt has not been disin
herited."
POSTAGE ON SUNDAY CALL.
SUNDAY CALL wrapped ready
for mailing—postage 2c to all
points in United States, Canada
and Mexico, and 4c to all for-
eign points.
FORESTERS' DAY
AT STATE FAIR
Tendered a Reception
at the Pavilion.
Speciat Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 15.— T0-day was
Foresters of America day and the mem
bers nf the order attended both park and
pavilion in large numher?. Notwithstand
ing the fact that a cirrus was running to
night the attendance at the pavilion was
very large.
The members of the order, with the Ex
position band In the lead, left Foresters'
Hall at 8 o'clock for the pavilion, where
they were received by the representative
of the State Agricultural Society, who
had them march around the great hall
to view the magnificent displays of the
State's resources. The grand chief ran
ger of the State, Superior Judge J W
Hughes of this city, was given a position
of nonor in the procession which was
about four blocks long. In addition to the
local Foresters there were large delega
tions from Woodland, Auburn. Oak Park
Elk Grove, Walnut Grove and other cities'
and towns of Central and Northern Cali
fornia. Each member of tne order wore
a small silk banner representing the stars
and stripes.
It is predicted that there will be an im
mense throng at the closing night of the
State fair to-morrow, for which a special
programme has been arranged.
ENTIRE BLOCK MAY
BE BURNED DOWN
Fire Raging in a Big Printing House
in Lincoln, Threatening Ma
sonic Temple.
LINCOLN, Neb., Sept. 15.— Fire broke
out at 11:30 In the Jacob North printing
house, a three-story establishment con
taining- an immense amount of printing
machinery and the home of many publi
cations. The North building will be a
total loss.
A high wind Is blowing from the north,
and If the flames cross the alley to the
Masonic Temple an entire block of solid
business houses is threatened.
PELTON'S TRIAL ENDED.
Jury Accuses Him of Murder in the
Second Degree.
EUREKA, Sept. 15.— The trial of Beth
A. Pelton for the murder of Alex Masson
terminated at a late hour last night,
when the Jury returned a verdict of mur
der In the second decree. The verdict
occasioned great surprise, as the murder
was generally regarded as one of the
most cold-blooded In tfte history of the
countr3 r .
Unknown Man Dies.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 15.— A man was
found In a dying condition this afternoon
at Capitol Park and died shortly after be
ing conveyed to the Receiving Hospital,
the cause of death being believed bj; Uia
City Physician to be opium poisoning.
His coat was made in San Francisco and
a letter written in a feminine hand found
on his person indicated that he had lived
there. It- contained allusions to "Allie."
"Kruse," "Mamie B," "Johnny," "Al"
and "Jim X," and addressed him as
"Dear Jim." He was about five feet nine
inches in height, weighed about 165
pounds and was dressed in a fine check
coffee-colored suit of clothes, made in
San Francisco.
'* «.
Heavy Fruit Shipments
VISALIA, Sept. 15.— Including to-day' 3
shipments, 240 cars of green fruit have
been shipped out of Visalia this season.
The quality of the fruit has been excel
lent, and the packing houses occupied by
green fruit men now are being fairly
transformed into dried fruit establish
ments. The total shipments of green and,
dried fruit out of Visalia this season will
be 350 cars.
=4il Numbers
JsJsßß:Sß^®ii=3 A SIOST DAXGEK-
==S=?jßsiirts£§li *"»ous disease it Is,
— '-dp a jpi*~^j run Its course, for
'-'fa - a ■"! when trie kidneys are
IB » NT ■ | entirely Broken down,
/g B— — M ths . impurities, that
~JFI B. "^ accumulate in the
— ■ _ /FJ gf-". —^ . blood remain, ;to pol-
jg|y3sa H~*j~ • breed disease. anj
I M_ r~ ., Tne kidneys are the
I I M^aßW niters of- your sy?-
I \6fl • ' i tern i therefore* they
I \ I ■"■ * re most important
a organs.
. If you have pains
■^•. ■ in the head, Fig. 1;
pufflness under eyes or swelling of eyelids.
Fig. 2; a dry, clammy mouth, with excessive
thirst, Fig. 3; pain and weakness In small of
back, Fig. 4; pain in limbs, Figs. 5— swell-
ing of ankles, Figs. 6—6; a pale or sallow com-
plexion, or with general weakness of entire
system, then, take warning. -
There symptoms, one. and all, indicate' kldnev
trouble, and call for HUDTAN: for HUDT\N
strengthens anil rebuilds the kidneys. '■ -
If your kidneys are weak, "take HUDTAN "
for HUDYAN stimulates them to perfect ac-
tivity. ■
HUDTAN is an admirable remedy in Bright*
Disease and Diabetes, and has cured in many
instances where physicians failed. HUDTAN
will bring back the glow of health. HUDTAN
cures, and permanently. HUDYAN is for men
and women. • - r , -.  -
HUDYAN is for sale by druggists— a pack-
age, or six packages for $2 .'0 , *«>*■•»
If your druggist doe« not keep HUDYAN'
sand direct to the • • . - . . »«»,
HUDYAN REMEDY CO
. Corner Stockton, Ellis and Market Sts., *
SAN FRANOISCO. CAL,. '
CONSULT THE HUDYAN nnc^ooc.SURVIVORS OF THE
EDMONTON TRAIL
Sixty-Seven Men Arrive
at Wrangel.
TELL TALES OF HARDSHIPS
EEXIEYT CAPE NO>TE PLACERS
SUN OUT TO SEA.
Bad Plight of an Old.Xan Recently
Arrived in Seattle Who Is Un
able to Establish His
Identity.
Sp-?ci*i Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE. Sept 13.— The Stickeen River
steamer Strathcona arrived at Wrangel
on September 1? with sixty-seven survi
vors of the Edmonton trail. The major
ity cf them were without means. Many
wer^ suffering from the effects of Scurvy:
Their stories of hardship and suffering
er.dur?d In their eighteen months on the
trail arc ir. a similar strain to those
which have preceded them. No r.ew fa
talitlc-s are reported- It is thought that
a: ".east seventy-nve prospectors are still
en. the trail. They will have to come
down the Stickeen in small boats, as the
low srtae- cf water will prevent the
Strathcona from making another trip
this year. Or. her last trip she was hung
\^p on a. sandbar five days, eighty miles
tbove Wrangei.
The list of the arrivals at Wrargei fol
lows: B. O'Eriec. Vancouver; B. C: S. B.
Ray. Nova. Sco;ia; S. F.Parker. Brideetor..
N. J.: G. B. Parker. Brtdgeton. N. J.;
E. Bell. Calgary: J. P. McGili. Los Ange
ies: J. Stableford, Manchester, England;
. S. T. Lowe, Montana; J. C. Burke. Can
ada; J. M. State. Quebec; F. W. Wells.
Quebec; A. M. Reid, Canada: A. L. Mar
tin. Los Ar.gcles; F. H. Crane. Nova. Sco
tia: S. Welli. Quebec; w. Ferguson; Can
ada: P. E. Bower., Canada: A. M. Swift.
Quebec; R. Southward. Chicago: W. G.
Hanson. Calgary; A. Broston, New York
City: R. C. Beckman. Los Angeles; T.
Hnttoo, Vancouver; J. Holmta, Philadel
phia; W. Gillies. Chicago; G. Weiiman.
Winnipeg; K. Best. Chicago: Napoleon
Seymour. Montreal; J. F. Hay den. Nova
Scotia: Louis Snyder, Edgertoo, Mo.: J.
W. Durr. Ohio; D. Star.derer, Los Ange
les: J. F. Cox. Yarmouth; C. Grandjean.
Canada; G. Ryan Winlpeg' J. Barrett
I»aw.*on City:"j. Mills, Montreal; W. C.
Burchett, Spokane; M. P. Border:, Cana
da; N. H. rhoxopson, Canada: W. Bell.
Toronto; A. J. Knife. Wisconsin; J. N.
Filion, Canada: W. A. Oliver, Edmonton;
W. Barnet. Philadelphia; A. McCormick,
Canada; J. \V. McLaren, Philadelphia;
L. R. Cole. Philadelphia: G. S. Mont
gomery. California: W. Clapp. California;
K. Stewart. Winnipeg-; C. Williams. Chi
cago; H. McDonald, Kansas; C. Deloria,
Philadelphia: W. E. Davis. Chicago: W
N. Dav:s. Chicago: J. Stoneman. Canada;
J- W". Burton, Utah; R. Cannln, Manito
ba.; R. N.VWestover, Vancouver; R. Ross.
r'nr.ee iviward Island; S. Lindstrom,
Chicago; J. B. Kuhn. Chicago; J. B.
vire-en, Chicago: A. R. Brooke E-imonton;
F. W. White. Woodstock, Canada; C, C
S. Kinsen, Northwest Territory.
The steamer Ai-Ki from Alaska to-day
brought down forty-sever: of these men.
About two-thirds of them left the steamer
at Pert Towr-send. whence they will go to
Vancouver :■> await money "from their
Eastern homes.
O. R. Southward of Chicago, who came
on tc this city, said he and his two p«irt
r.-rs. Johnson ar.d Palmer, left Edmonton
March S, 1295, ar.d have been traveling
ever since. They followed across the
country to Peace Rix'er and built a boat
and thence proceeded to Slave Lake and
on to Fort Simpson. They laid over two
months thirty-five miles below Hell Gare
.: I then began a toboggan journey,
finally reaching the Dease River country
and eventually Glesora.
J. r. Wardner. the well-known mining
man. who h.£.s just returned frcrn Cape
Nome, advances the novel theory that til*
gold deposits extend out to seal In sup
port of the theory he says that two miners
placed a caisson 120 feet from low tie*.
The dirt which was taken out ran from
15 to 50 cents per shovelful. Similar ex
periments were tried at a further dis
tance from tide mark with better results.
Among the many unfortunate prospeet
crs that have returned from Alaska this
s<?s.scn is an old mar. who cannot tell who
he is or where he came from. There is
a clot of blood In his brain, due to typhoid
fever, which has caused paralysis of
speech.
The only words he can utter are an
Indistinct yes and no. By the aid of a
map it was learned ' that he came from
Cambridge. -Mass. A man. who accom
panied him from Dawson says his name
is something like **FiEk." Efforts are be
ing made to establish the man's identity.
His limbs are also paralyzed.
PARTY OF REFUGEES
REACH PORT TOWNSEND
PORT TOWNSEND, Sept. 13. — About
the last" detachment of refugees from the
Edmonton trail arrived here to-day from
Fort Wrangel, Alaska. The party con
sisted cf thirty-f.ve from various sec
tions of the United States and British
Columbia, who were lured into the in
terior by fabulous tales of hidden wealth
in mountains and streams in that sec
tion, and to which Edmonton trail would
lead them. These men, after suffering
many hardships, disease, privation and
expending large sums of money to reach
the supposed Mecca, were brought out by
th-e Canadian Government.
R. M. Westover of Sutton. Broom Coun
ty Quebec, has extracts from a diary
kVpt by M. J. McNeedy of Saolt Ste.
Marie. Ontario, whose body was found in
a tent on the banks of Liard River by
Robert Cole last September. Cole went
into the woods to camp, and, noticing -.
tent some distance away, went to ii and
found the body of McNeedy. Cole and
his companions buried, the body, placed
a "ter.t over the grave and blazed trees
to mark the last resting place of the
unfortunate.
According to the diary kept by Me-
Needy and four.d among his effects, the
troubles of himself and a partner named
G-aham commenced October 24, when by
the breaking of a tracking line while
working a river boat, uraham was
k-xocked overboard and nearjy drowned.
On the Mth the ice began to run in Liard
R*ver. and they were compelled to camp.
a.rd commenced to mak« preparations for
a trip across the mountains. They built
a toboggan, on which a portfon or their
supplies were hauled and cached. While
making the trip McNeedy had both feet
Oil
Was
Struck
Las* week, in a well ca the Means
tract." in "the Kern River ell district,
aiter a depth of only 375 feet had bee a
reache.l. and after being iperti fc 3J
an official of the Santa Fe Railroad
Company, Jt was irr.meU lately sold for
iSS-Wa, the name* of the par-
ehucn'asd the Cow of the well being,
for private reasons, kept secret.
• a portion cf the holdings of this
eotnricy are less than WO /»rd» dls-
Ult t£m the above well. Let m tell
you more about this now famous a.»-
trfcrt. also why we claim "our P">PP*';
tioxT, an excellent one for the prudent
ir.ve*ter to consider.
Ten thousand shares cf the stock o.
this ccn-.pany are now tot saJe at w
c»r.ts a share. : -
Pamphlet and Information cheertally
rtren. Remember this: It is not our
proposition that w!ll benefit yoa, but
the taking advantage of It.
SAN JOAQUIN
OIL AND DEVELOPMENT CO.,
SELMA. CAL.
San Francisco Office,
38 Crocker Building.
f rozen, and Graham hauled . him twenty
four miles oa the toboggan to ■ new camp.
Graham, becoming ttred of his partner,
left him In this camp-on December 22,
1897. While In the camp and helpless he
was overtaken fey a man. whose name the
diary does not", give; -with whom a part
nership, was formed. When McNeedy got
so he could -.-: on crutches he had a
row with his new partner, who on Janu
ary 5 deserted him. taking nearly all of
his supplies. January 5 was the last en
try made, and It Is supposed that he was
taken seriously ill and died shortly a~ter
that date. McNeedy was married, and
leave* a widow in Sault Ste. Marie.
The return party are bitter in the.r
denunciations of the captain and purser
of the Hudson Bay Company's steamer
Strati - on which they were brought
from Glenora to WrangeL The Canadian
Government paid full secor.d-class fare
for then but on the way down they were
fed on tainted meat, and compelled to
work and wood up the steamer under
threats of being rationed on one meal
a day, and were subjected to other Indig
nities. A complaint has been signed by
twenty-oce of the refucees. and will be
forwarded to the authorities at Ottawa
and also the managers of the Hudson. Bay.
Company. _________^^__
SANTA CLARA WILL HAVE
AN OLD-FASHIONED FAIR
For the First Time in Many Years
There Will Be a Gcod Agri
. "j.rai DisT'.aT.
SAN JOSE. Sept. 15.— For the first time
in a number of years Santa Clara County
will enjoy an old-time county fair this
year. It is to open en ember 26 and
continue five days. This is right in the
midst of the fruit harvest, and it will
show off the county's products to good
advantage.
During the last ten years the Agricul
tural Society has been content with horse
races, and the fair part, ii which farm
ers and fruit-growers took such an inter
eat, was entirely abandoned. Now this
year it is to be the reverse. Every dol
lar of the State appropriation is to be
used for fair purposes.
The Santa Clara County pumpkin- and
other vegetables will be in evidence and
compete for ribbons and medals. The
products of farm, orchard and vineyard
will be shown, and the display will be
worth coming miles to — Fine catt!4,
crafthorses and brood mares. thor
oughbred swine, goats and poultry will
receive their share of attention, as will
the mechanical arts and handiwork of the
housewife.
There will also be racing, some of the
fastest horses now campaigning on" the
circuits having Urea been entered.
Good purses will be raised by subscrip
tion among the merchants.
DENIES CORRUPTION
EXISTS IN MANILA
General Weston Says Supplies Are
Bought Cheaper in the Philip
pines Than Here.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 15.— Commissary
Genera! Ron says that the soldier of
the Colorado - Regiment who has found
so much to criticise at Manila evidently
was misinformed about the exorbitant
prices which were being paid for supplies
in the Philippines. Sugar is bought about
40 per cent cheaper than in the United
States: rice is 5y per cent cheaper and a
considerable reduction is found in the
prices of beef purchased in Australia and
the prevailing prices in Chicago. The
Government *ayes transportation on thes
articles.
.-. - ■ ther art - -
■■ - - - - -
deps..- Mid to 1 -
!
ss to t
-;. rhe n
irunent » not
tor t - - ■
the recot E rurgeona
_ . . for ti
. •
-. taL '
DEGREES CONFESED
Honors to Successful Graduates at
Stanford University.
stobh :<: - - - is.—
D
-
Bachelor of arts — In Greek. John L
Walter; In economics. Samuel G. Bailie;
in law, Fred H. Greenebaum. Pascal R.
Smith; in hygiene and organic training.
Stella Rose; in zoology, U uf red H. Os
good.
Master of arts— la Latin, Fred G. Bas
derson. A. B.
Doctor of philosophy — In Latin. Joseph
Henry Howard. A. M. : in German philol
ogy. Irving Clifton Hatch. A. M.
-At Stanford students are graduated
either In Jar.uarv. May or September, ac
cording as their work is finished. Those
students whose degrees were just grant
ed completed their work since May. so
they receive their degrees at the begin
ning of the college year.
EDWARD WILLIAMS DEAD.
Has Resided in San Jose for Many
Years.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 15.— Edward Williams,
a piGneer capitalist, died at his home in
this city yesterday morning-. He was
a native of Bath, England, and 75 years
of age.
Deceased me to the United States
when a roang man. and to California in
ISO. For the past twenty-seven years
he has resided in this city. Williams was
president of the San Jose Water Com
pany and a director in the Commercial
Bank, besides being- largely interested in
other enterprises of the city and county.
He was very charitable, and was one of
me prom" - of the Home or Btaeso
!ence.
A widow and six children survive him.
The funeral will be held to-morrow morn
ing under the auspices of the ; Knighta
Temnlar.
TO STUDY REDWOODS
Government Calls for the Services of
Four Stanford Students.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 15.—
! The United States Department of AgrJcul
: ture Is desirous of obtaining four Stanford
i students to do work studying the forestry
; in Humboldt County. Their chief study
i will be the mairniflcent redwood trees.
I known to scientists as the sequoia virens.
The Government is desirous of finding
! how the extinction of .this species of tree
! may be prevented. The lumbermen of the
■ northern part -of the State an al3o inter
[ ested In this work and donate $1000 to
; help defray the expenses of the expedl
i tion. A party of Yale students did similar
i work among the spruce timber of the
j same county last, summer.
Died From Exposure.
GILP.OT. ~ :->:; and a
■ I
Thomas Daugberty, who was found jrca
terdaa two hunters
west of 61 iry brough
-- and ex
' " - - ' ' - about
■
the Catholic Cemeterj
Stanford Juniors Meet.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Sept. 15.—
The junior class met to-day and nom
inated the following officers for the en
suing semester: President. C. A. Cant
well; vice president. F. H. Foster: secre
tary, R. Locker; treasurer, Frank War
ren; football managers. Warden and Par
kin. The election will take place next
Tuesday afternoon.
Yellow Fever Report.
WASHINGTON*. Sept. : -a dispatch
from Havana to the surgeon genera] to
day says that one Spaniard and one
American, two days from Key West, are
ill of yellow fever. Another dispatch
states that an indigent American named
David Peebles died at Las Anlmas yester
day. -? K;; 'v
Unkr-own Man Found Dead.
SOG - lo.— The I
an unknown man was round hanging to
a tree la the foothills of the Pajarito
Mountains, twelve miles northwest of
here. There Is every indication of mur
der. The maa had been dead for three
to six months.
Struck the Mother Lode.
SAN ANDREAS. Sept. la.— Contact was
struck to-day with the mother lode «a
the Commodore mine. This mine has
been bonded by W. H. Clary Jr. of Stock
ton. He feels that he has a bonanza and
I will make gocxl bis bead.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. SEPTEMBER 16, 1399.
MATAAFA WRITES
TO PRESIDENT
Expresses Friendshipfor
America.
♦
REGRETS RECENT WAR
RETURN'S WATCH OF THE LATE
LIEUTENANT LANSDAXE.
Was Convened to the Widow in This
City by Correspondent cf London.
Times, Who Also Visited
34cKinley.
Fpeciil Dispatch to Th« CalL
WASHINGTON, Sept. 15.— The Presi
dent received ill audience at the White
House this afternoon John George Leigh.
who ..-- spent' several months in Samoa
as special correspondent of the London
Time* and is now on his return journey
to England. '••....■: in, one of the black
villages of Upolu Mr. Leigh learned that
a watch believed to have belonged to
either Lieutenant Lansdale or Ensign
Monaghan. the two officers of the cruiser
Philadelphia who were killed during th«
recent war against Mataafa, had been
found and was in the possession of a na
tive. He at once communicated with Ma
taafa. whom, he had visited only a few
days previously, and promptly received a
reply from the high chief assuring him
that no ettort would be spared to recover
the relic, and begging him. should the
search prove successful, to restore the
watch to the rightful owner "with my
heartfelt condolences."
He added: "You know what I feel about
America, and the late unhappy war." At
the same time he placed at Mr. Leigh's
command his grandson and a boat's crew,
who were instructed to carry in every
necessary direction Mataafa's order to bis
adherents. While these messengers were
in the island of Savaii a watch and chain
with locket and other articles attached
were handed to Mr. Leigh and identified
as the property of the late Lieutenant
Lansdale.
a fe-w days later the correspondent left
Samoa for San Francisco, where he met
the young widow of the lamented officer
and placed the ■■--.-.■•- in her possession.
Long ago. at the Instigation of his family
and of Lansdale's comrades m the navy,
unsuccessful efforts had been made to
trace the articles, so hope that they »ver
would be found had been practically
abandoned. Mr. Leigh this afternoon
handed to the President a letter from
Mataafa. of which the . following is a.
translation:
To his Excellency William sfcKin
ley. President of the United States of
America— Tcur Excellency: I have to
day been .-_... . - a watch has
been found by one of my people which
is believed to have aged to Li-u
--tenant Lar.sciale or Ensign Monaghan.
who were unhappily killed in battle
at Valle c on April 1. I have learned
that Mr. Leigh is about to leave Sa
moa for America and I have asked
htm to convey the watch to your Ex
cellency, In the hope that "you will
cause It to be restored to the bereaved
mother or nearest relative of the brave
and much-lamented officer. Mr Leigh
will tell you that I have sincerely de
plored the sad. untimely death of the
brave officers and men who came from
America and perished in the late un
happy, useless war. Mv Borrow fa the
more because of the great friendship
which your zreat country has in the
past extended to Samoa. I am espe
cially anxious that this should be made
known to the sadly stricken mother*
and relatives. May i: be the will of
God that there may never again be
strife between America and the Sa
moar.s and that the three powers win
recognize my submission to their wil!
ar.d desire for srood government. I
pray God may give you long life.
T. J. MATAAFA.
v- McKlnl^y. In the course of conver
sation with Mr. Leig expressed himself
much gratified at this proof of Mataafa's
thoughtful humanity and said that it
would afford him more than ordinary
pleasure to personally respond to the let
ter. He very warmly thanked Mr. Leieh
for his action in the matter and for hav
----- conveyed the relics to Mr*
L&ns.iale. When Mr. Leigh left Samoa
active endeavors were beine made to re
cover Ensign Monaehan's watch and Mr
Leieh believes that it will follow him to
Washir.etor. by the mail due in 1 week
or so. In that event it will, of course, be
at once forwarded to the relatives.
SCHLEY GIVEN SOUTH
ATLANTIC SQUADRON
j Navy Department to Take Steps to
Hake It Commensurate With
the Bank of the Admiral.
WASHINGTON. Sept Some time
'• apo Admiral Schley applied to the Navy
I Department for sea service. At~present
i he is at the head of the retiring board.
I The Navy Department has now granted
| the request and has notified him to hold
'■ himself in readiness to command the !
! South Atlantic station.
The department is about to take steps
i to make the command commensurate with
i his rank by increasing considerabfy the
j number of vessels on the station. The
! ■-•■■•.•- will co there. The ■
j Detroit is already on her way to Join and
the Marblehead is likely to be attached
tether then will be five or six ships
| on the division when the quota is filled
It .Is said at the department that owing
to the threatened war In South Africa
which is part of the -■-.-:■ dis
turbed conditions In South and Central
America, the South Atlantic command is \
likely to become an Important one In the
| near future.
ENGLAND LEASES LAND.
Will Acquire From Portugal Stations
in East Africa.
LONDON. Sept. 15.— Great Britain an
Portugal, it Is reported, are about to sign
a convention by which the latter leases
to the former certain — -■. and" sta
tions In Portuguese Bast Africa-
Germany. It is said, has also secured
similar advantages from Portugal.
Injured in a Runaway.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 15.— This evening
a horse attached to Kirk. Jeary & Co.'s
delivery wagon ran away and collided at
Fourth and X streets with an electric
car. H. H. King, a railroad mechanic
who was on -his way home from his work*
occupied one of the rear outside seats and
before he could get Inside the car the run
away horse dashed upon the platform
King was caught against one of the up
right posts that sustain the roof of the
car and was terribly injured. One leg
was broker, in two places and he was in
jured Internally. The upright post, which
was made of oak. was broken by th»
force of the collision. Kings injuries may
prove dangerous.
THE LAST EXCURSION OF
THE SEASON TO SANTA CRUZ
WILL BE RUN ON SUNDAY.
OCTOBER IST.
As a fitting close to this season's suc
cessful excursion business the Southern
Pacific Company announces its inten
tion to run one more of its popular ex
cursions to Santa Cruz on th.c date
above named.
The citizens of Santa Cruz have ar
ranged for a grand concert to be given
on the beach, and also a programme of
swimming and boating races, open to
all, for which valuable prizes wiii be of
fered.
The rate for the round trip will b« I
only $2, and reduced rates will also b*
in effect from intermediate points on
the narrow gauge line.
As usual. Colonel William H. Men
ton. excursion passenger agent of the
Southern Pacific Company, will be on
hand to se« to the comfort of excur- :
Eionl£t& i
SCHOOL BOARD GETS
SUPPORT OF TEACHERS
An Appeal to Supervisors for
a Larger Appropriation.
Great Mass Meeting of Members of the
Department Held at the Mission
High School,
THE school teachers of San Francisco, |
in mass-meeting assembled, have j
united their voices In an appeal to !
the Supervisors to make a tax levy ;
' sufficient to apportion the sum of JI.2CQ.- !
t OJO for the maintenance of the public ',
|* schools of the city for the current fiscal ]
year. Supervisor Holland was an. inter-'
est-! listener.
The main auditorium of Mission High i
School was crowded yesterday afternoon I
j with, teachers, who had taken advantage
; of the half holiday to raise their voices |
; In protest against the school appropria
tion of JI,I2S,CvJ recommended by Mayor
Phelan and to frame an appeal to the j
Supervisors to increase It. They lost no
i time in getting down to business.
In calling the meeting to ' - lex A. I* j
j Mar.' principal of the Desman Grammar j
i School, said he was glad the teachers had
5 met in such numbers to support the i
I Board of Education in its petition for an :
! additional appropriation. He said It had
I been reported in some of the papers that
| the teachers were under the lash and he
| wanted to refute that statement. He
counseled wise action.
Principal Elisha Brooks of the Girls' \
High School was chosen chairman and i
C. H. Murphy secretary. The secretary j
then read thai part of the prot>oseu tax i
S levy as recommended by Mayor Phelan |
■ concerning the schools and submitted the ,
I following as the actual estimated ex- |
I peruses of the department:
Salaries (teachers JI.CH.OOC. January |
( SSC.OOQ) JI.CSS.wfI :
New building • ?•'?-*?
Repairs Sfcßßl
SUPPLIES.
Fee! (coal an.i wood I S ; ' '•'■
Ic<i:<e=: and ilbrarr booits
<=:ate law) l-.wo
Jar.itoral supplies «•«»
Stationary (State law) s.-j-J
-- ■-.-- • m *!"
Apparatus. mat*, charts,
globes, ponys. etc S.*-7
Hardware, tools ar.i r.aU* - OWJ
Shfliae. varnish and paint sco
Telephone •• W«
Light t !•'£*
Cen«us ' *''™l
Postal MO
Advertising ?»
L*«al ,*»
Incidentals («0Q) • *** Q
Ore mechanic. S3 30- cay.- 1
clc«:'KTr.aker. 1 electrician. I
locksmith. 10 laborer*, : - au ; •
~«r I'll ll.*.**
pw^ial .::.".■..■.. mm "-<
Total H.»s,S:3
President Bergerot of the Board of Ed
ucation then made a short address:
"I want to state the posit of the
beard. This is the first time in a genera
tion that the Board of Education without
any fault of its own finds itself confront
! Ed" by a serious situation that may end
In a crisis. If the appropriation ls re ~
! duced now "the reduction may be > made
! permanent under the new charter.
Ha'- • - said that the Mayor had rec
ommended to the Supervisors c. school
i appropriation of J1.125.0-0. Mr. Berg
i announced that Director Ho.: t and
i himself had had a conference with his
Honor, who was soon convinced tnat that
| appropriation was too small for tie proper
j conduct of the department. '"
In support of the statement that Mayor-
Phelan had changed his views the foilow-
I ing letter from him was read:
San Francisco. Sept. 15. ISS9.
To the Teacners" Meeting Called by
the Board of Education— Ladies and
Gentlemen: I have not been invited j
to be present at your meeting tms ;
afternoon, although I am In receipt of
the same circular letter which was
tent to you from th« secretary's of
fice of the Board of Education. I as
sume that in sending me the -....- ;
letter the president of the Board of
Education, Mr. Bergerot, .simply de-.
sired that I should be apprised of the j
meeting and its object in order that I
I might communicate with you til |
wished. Ido desire that the teachers" i
understand the situation and hence |
this communication.
The Board of Supervisors are
charged by law with the duty of fix
ing the tax levy on the third Monday
of September. The Mayor has no
voice or veto in the premises.
The Board of Supervisors are
pledged to levy a tax of not more than
$1 on each' sl^o. based upon a valua
tion of the city's assessable property
of J350.C00.W0.
I was asked by the board to advise
them and submitted at their request
an estimate. How far they will follow
my advice I cannot tell until Monday.
My aim in submitting the estimate
was to help them to observe their
pledge, as I myself had also taken the
pledge. _ .
If they abolish sinecures as I have
recommended and cut off needless ex- i
penditures the city government can be
safely conducted for Jo.OOOM.v and their
pledges be kept.
The School Department wants for
operating expenses $1,200,000. Believ
:.. fe tnat with the careful co-operation
oi the Board oi fcxrac&iion ana tne
abandonment of the plans for Dew
buildings, to be paid out of the tax
levy the department could be con
ducted for Jl "--• ■• which was $24,000
more than the amount mated by
the Merchants' Association, I recom- :
mended that amount. Since then I
have satisfied myself that the depart
ment should receive $71,000 more and
go Informed the Board of Supervisors
at its meeting on August 2S, and I will
repeat the recommendation on Mon- ;
day.
The only way by which this can be '
done within the pledge is to take the
money from some other department
or departments or put the election
expanses outside the pledge on the
ground that the primary election and ;
the municipal election to be held In
November were imposed upon the city
by the Legislature, which met and
acted subsequently to the taking of
the pledge. In every other previous
platform imposing the dollar limit of - -I
taxation and in the new charter the |
expenses for maintaining the parks .
and squares are excepted. Whether j
the omission last year was accidental
or by design I have no means of as
certaining.
As to new school buildings. I believe
that such permanent improvements
should be paid for out of the proceeds
of a bond Issue, and will recommend
the Election Commissioners to call an
election In the middle of December, at
which the people will decide whether
they shall Issue bonds, repayable in
forty years, for the construction of
schools, hospital, sewers and park im
provements, each to be voted on sepa
rately. . - V
As to the teachers back salaries for
November and December, lost to then
by the mismanagement of the school
funds. I desire to say that I co-oper
ated with the teachers* committee in
having a constitutional amendment
passed by the last Legislature pro
viding for their payment, with 5 per
cent per annum added, the question .to
be submitted to the pc pie at the gen
eral election In November. ISOO, and I
will be pleased to strongly advocate
the adoption of the . constitutional
amendment, and because it is just I
am satisfied that it will prevail. Once
adopted the teachers will be paid and
the city will discharge its debt to
them. Under the provisions of the
new charter .which goes into effect
next year, there will be no question in
the future as to the regular monthly
payment of the teachers' salaries, as
the charter on this subject was drafted
with a view of accomplishing this very
i purpose by protecting all municipal
employes and at the same time the
honor and re lit of the city.
Very respectfully,
JAMES D. PHELAN. Mayor.
Some applause followed this manifesta
tion of the Mayor's change of heart, at
the conclusion of which a preamble and
resolutions voicing the sentiment of the
teachers in the department with regard
to the tax levy was read by the secretary
at follows:
Whereas. It is proposed to make a
tax levy for the support of the public
schools in the city ana county or Sao
Francisco for the ensuing fiscal year
suiftcient to raise therefi . :.. only the
sum "£..-• B and
Whereas, sucn sum is, In our judg
ment, wildly insufficient for the neecs.
of the department; and
Whereas, In view of the loss of two
montns" salary by the teachers of this
department in November and Decem
ber, IaSB, no part of which has been
paid.tne InSicuon of any lurtner io'ss
during the present riscai year, either
by reduction or non-payment of sal
aries, is an act of injustice of which no
branch of tne municipal government
should be willing to tolerate; there
fore, be it
Kesolved, By the teachers of the
public schools of San Francisco, in
mass-meeting' assemDitd, that accord
ing to our oesi information and be
lief it will . --at least i. _.■ •.■ .
economically spent, to properly con
duct the educational department of
said city and county for the resent
fiscal year.
Resolved, That the collection of any
less sum of money would cripple the
department ar.d force the teachers,
.■■■■"- and other employes of the de
partment to perform services without
receiving any compensation therefor,
and would seriousiy endanger the pay
ment of the cemands of the merchants
of the city i.or necessary supplies to
- be : ... the department; tie it
furthea
Resolved, That the Board of Super
visors of the city and county of San
Francisco is hereby requested to make
a levy sufiicient to raise the sum or
JI.SwXO for the maintenance of the
puolic schools; and be it further
Resolved. That we appeal to the Mer
chants' Association of San Francisco
and all other municipal associations,
to the press and to the public gen
erally to give their approval to such
an appropriation as will be necessary
to relieve the present embarrassment-
Madison Babcock suggested that In
order that the action ta^en by the meet
ing- might be laid properly before the
. Supervisors, a committee made up of one
teacher from each school be selected, to
; name in turn a visiting committee to
: wait upon" the Supervisors and urge their
: favor. W. D. Kmgsbury. vice principal
lof Horace Mann School, moved an
> amendment that ar* committee includ-
I ing the chair, be appointed for that pur
[ pose by the chair. After some discussion
! the amendment carried, and the chair se
. lected to act with himself W. D. Kings
j bury, vice principal of the Horace Mann
j Grammar; Miss £.. E. Stincen, principai
i of Whittier Primary; Jose] O'Connor,
' principal of Mission High School; Frank
Morton, Business Evening School, and C.
H. Murphy of the Polytechnic High
School.
On motion of Principal Mann, the
thanks of the meeting were tendered to
the Board of Education for Its kindness
in giving the teachers the opportunity to
get together and express themselves on
a subject in which they were so deeply
concerned.
On motion of Mrs. Prag thanks were
also extended to Auditor Asa R. Wells
for the stand he has taken in regard to
the segregation of teachers' salaries. The
meeting then adjourned and the commit
tee on Supervisors went into session,
where it was decided to visit personally
each Supervisor and enlist his aid in be
half of the necessary appropriation. It
was concluded that the time was too short
to circulate petitions for signature, as had
been suggested, and that ideiwas aban
doned.
Night in Venice.
Special ton ferry, T.
7:30 and 7:45 to-night - Luding
seat .:: grand ;:.i:: l. tl •
AUTOMOBILES WILL BE
SEEN ON OUR STREETS
4CALIFORNIA AUTO-TRUCK C 03-
PANT IS ORGANIZED.
He— ard P. Taylor Premises a Horse
less Carriage System Which Will
Be in Operation by January.
The California Auto-Truck Company -
formed and will begin I rate in sev
•.. - - • - State -
sixty days. So says Howard P. T I
manager and secretary of the new organl-
I the representattre »f Richard
Croker. Joseph Leiter ar.d J. H. Hoadiey,
■ . - - - j m automo
rporations.
Taylor came to this coast : - - .
the 3an Francisco pu I ,antomo
od endeavor to establish a CaJ
mpany. For tl *^c months
he has been engaged In that iabor and
it 1 ■ rk la done. He
aye for t E -■ .- • -
to the home office and 1 then announce
the directorate of the r.ew corporation.
It is settled as far as the pr i
- are cono n " seph Leiter i
be president J. H. Hoadiey the v-.?e pres
ident. Bank of California treasurer and
*" ; ... . .
♦■ I^^^^^^ -■:••• * i*\ \ • Three months ago I saw you looking troubled and
•■ -^^^^r^ ■'•',- "« l *-j* \. ■ discouraged. You had a worn-out, broken-down appear-
*" "^^^^^^ --■^r^' ' ance. Now what a different man you are ! tucn color in
1 jib*' $&?*!*{?s& •>* r^Hl §| your face — so bright and young looking! How's all this?
♦; ;^ : j / ftC- : \ |l Nothing but ELECTRICITY. Nonsense! You don't
I \£*\\'f. ft.'" ' ■%T' ag f^ say you've been using
I' b U 1\ % f ' ' DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S TREATMENT?
4. Yes. I have, and that's what made a man of me; needn't argue about it— judge for yours-.- There's
4- no remedy like it for lost strength, and if you ever get In bad shape from pa::. or debility go in for this method.
4- Use the doctor's famous Body Battery, and you'll never need another dose of medicine. He is certainly making
4- remarkable cures!
4- This is just how people are talking of DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S NEW ELECTRIC TREATMENT.
4- ■ SAN JOSE. Ca!.. tat. 4, 1539. I ness hare entirely disappeared a.-d rye gained in weight and
+.~:sC- PR. M. A McUAITGHLIX— Dear Sir: Tour Beit has made i strenjrth. This is all due to your Electric Belt treatment. With
. a wonderful Improvement -. my condition. The pains and weak- I b«« wishes. I am yours truly. FRANCIS LAKE.
4. Call and investigate this grand remedy and notice how the electrodes are guarded against blistering the
4- skin, and the new regulator switches the current by degrees. Or send for the new book— free— which explains
4. the whole business.
1 M M A Mclaughlin 702 -i^^ o^i °i WMMmi
♦ Ulll 111 Hi IflUI-nWUIILiI t l\' Cor. ; ? .--.-r izi StzKi. Lst Azstln. .NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES.
THE EMPORIUM.
I Concert To-Night at 7:30. I
ft *
*— — 2
* Fletcher, the Musics! Wonder, in Exhibition Hall, %
» Second Floor, To-Day, 10 to 12 a. m. 2to 5 *
£ 'p. m*— Admission Free* <
* — - — - — r I
I Mill Ends Curtains. 5
* Special Sale This Day Only. J
ft 500 samples of Curtains, Mill Ends, from 40 to 60 inches wide, *
* 1 3-4 and 2, yards long, one of the choicest lots that we have «
* ever been able io set : each • *
* 15c, 20c, 25c, 30c, 35c, 40c, 45c, 50c J
» — — — %
I Fast Blue Serge Suits. %
* ¥*i f*\ Save $ 5 GO If You 5
i j. 4.^ \&PJ Buy To-Day.
% >O^P] yfy^^ For tb!s ay 03iy x^ s bi? stoe °* erS *
* / V^filWK^-^SaJwx the bast bargain in Bine S;rge Snits eref ♦
&, / \ \ .^TraM*" -P\ _•••--"■•■" Take advantage '* <•
* / i II \iii iGr^-J?* i th ; s «€«" and save exact y 55.00. Two *
.* / A "l v n^-^^Tril:^ 31 styles — sin^le-breisted rouni corner *
- 41 / *^f\ -IV ! I ==::: '^V' I sacks, or dosble-breasted sacks with <
ft V *\/ -lit j jT'^^ a^9 ' ■■'■■- Ga'.ranteed abso-ntely fast ♦
& V TV ti i . /i V *^C^ coior that wiU co: fad?> weig^ - oa2CS3 <"
x 3 /I V /// » to the yard and are pa-? waited, sewed <•
A ([': l 'lr J 1 >-i^/r* I — v< s '' l^' bm^oTney mdc, perfect in
ft ' l^it £ 1» "V F S- and style. Yen canrot bny a suit of *
ft. L—^T L? 4 j I! |v, like quVity fcr less than $15.C0 " -" : * ♦
* / * f . L TI J larly. To-day (Saturday) and to-iav *
ft "I jj """^l only — m«n's regular s!ze3 4s*'sl(r& ♦
* *
I Dress Goods Remnants. %
I One-Quarter Off Marked Pricss. %
» For this day only, a further reduction of 25 per cent from the a!- *
* ready reduced prices on our entire stock of Colored Dress Goods *
* Remnants, plain colors and handsome mixed effects, suitable for *
ft Skirts, Waists, Children's Dresses, etc. 4
* *
% Charming Fo - Dinner Sg^22£2 Z
« ,_. • . only we of er , -» <-*irs Dinner Set, consist- *?
t Stories 18c. zn' entir e\ 7 Sets 73C. in S of 25 pieces. *
> new edition of a tarnoa? line of classics, jprettiiv decorated and displayed in 3 |j
* cor?iiting of 155 choice titles by inch J3fron? bix. r?gTi!ar T y S LOO— specisi for
* authors as : • j this day only 73c 4
*-■--•-- Pfck»=a llaclarer. , *i
* Doyle Hope Goethe Oliver Oczlc ■ »j
* Lowell Barne Mntoclc -?hakesr«are ,  . q^ «j>
* Irvln* Ton?e Moore LonrieUow . QfZnMBU AbOa * ,W 2
T Ruskin Byroa Scott Hawthcme *** / " nleH pieces <CUr *
!<» Eandsomely boand iacloth. with artistic SeerSUSKerS. — Use) *
ft stamping" in colors an i gold fBc --_ ioc Crinkled Seersuckers, eooi is-
ft ■ 'sortn:ent of co!or:n!is, -- offered at
« Men's 53. 00 Shoes fvf^^^ **7 029 - 5c |
» $2.37. | ?nce pe ' ja * ♦
t Ctj on y. Men's ! *
ta Color Vi:i [ # »«««/*3ic —» To-day only for a
& e e\\ shoes, -: ixrocsnes- th , se^. ea J t of . j
* e x^ soles Liquors* ferings: «
t Ns. /^ strictly 2' /j!js Western Refinery J
* VO^f %v 51^ * nai Granulated Sugar Kcniv $ 2 J
and ti ° I " Jr//t f0 'y&VSZ. /O/ * - S/ ' o ° 5
* V / 1 - Cherries in F/larastjuino— «
J ' :- . = -D. £G.'"— bottle ; o-day 600 I
Ift Men*3 Shoes mide — special Sardines- *D. £ G."— imported. v *
j » regu'-a-iy 13c tin — to-iay ~lOc \
5* Mt»r* f <s Good ToT this day Hafner-Puree 25c tra *
'ft till wwvw only tb? bi?: — for this day only — 18c J
j a UnuerWSar. store offers 20 0 Whiskey- regular! v |
* doz-n iLeu'scOcDerby-RibhedUndjrwaar! >1.25 bottle— to-day. 93 C «
: » light color, with verticil buj stripes, \ fr .' . j,..,- h\t J l •* i.m ~r> I *
* winter and all-the-year-rouni weights. If CaS * ' ?°%? c - ? -^ ? lO '-° > 5
* ?tya?h and raid-:oae, all s : z;«—per 2-a- j Table Claret Our popular 40cT^r' ♦
i -li: >-:.•- ihirts or drawers) 35C galion quality — to-day- 28 O ♦
* Valuable Book _ _ _ Sand Name " *
* Grocery @S?r - . .£ rwJ -» '^^j a Mammoth J
ft Price List ™ OoUf^nJßjiEe Bazaar. *H Winter
* for Sept. CAun^^iASUPCEST—MiSßicA'scji^OEsrsrof^.uatalogMe *•
*■ .*
x^^,>* A A<r ************** -4*4* A r\A* 4**4*4«* x
P. Taylor secretary and manager. The
directorate will be composed of Caluor
nians well known to the business world
of thi= coast and men who have sub
scribed for $100,000 of the preferred stock.
The capitalization .of the company Is
fixed at 53.000.000.
The California Auto-Track Company
will ti=e compressed air as a mo
tive power. In order to secure a gen
eral system operative throughout, tne
State compressed air plants will be es
tablished a:, San Francisco, san Jose.
Vre~no Los Anseles, Marysville. Sacra
mento and Stockton. The new machines
will run thirty-five miles without a re
charge and" the cost of charging is mere
ly nominal. This will establish a circuit
throughout the central portion of the
"Tai-ior thinks that the auto-truck com
oanv's yards, where the trucks proper
will be built, will go to Stockton on ac
count of the cheapness of fuel jit that
place. Should it not be buiU in Stockton
this <*ity will be given the preference. The
compressed air plants may be bull? wtn
in a short time as nothing is needed but
the puttinsr in place of machinery sent
from the East. . _ 
According to the organizer of the Cali
fornia Auto-Truck Company tnere will
be 20Q machines in operation m this city
by Jaunary 1. ISOO. Cabs carriages.
freighting wagons and vehicles of ever}
description will be fitted out with the
automobile machinery. It is also intended
to establish a 3-cent system of omnibuses
from the ferry to the park.
Wave power will be tried to generate
the necessary power of the compressed
air Pant in this city. It has been used
In the East successfully and the same ap
paratus will b* sent here.
; . ♦ ■
In the Divorce Court
Katie hungry was granted a cnorce
yesterday from Charles i-ansrry on *ho
ground of extreme cruelty. The house
hold furniture, Sls a month alimony and
THE EMPOBIUM.
the custody or a minor child were award
ed to Mrs. Langry- G. B. Steen has sued
Mary a. Steen for a divorce, alleging- cru
elty. Emma M. Brown asks for a di%"orce
from Joseph A. Brow] on the same
ground. Carrie ■H. Whittier has sued
James E. Whittier for a divorce, alleging
intemperance as cause of action. XI A.
Peterson asks for a divorce from Lulu
Peterson on the ground of desertion. An
na Mantke has applied for a divorce from
Adolph Mantke on the ground of cruelty.
Deer— - of divorce have been granted Ella
Bell Boone from Stonewall J. Boone on
the ground of infidelity; Alyce K. Gavin
from Edward M. Gavin on the ground of
desertion: and John J. Friel from Mary
S. Friel on the ground of desertion.
1■ * ■
JOHN MILURE DEAD
The Pioneer Ironmolder Gone to His
Long Best-
John McLure. a pioneer of the '50*s. died
yesterday at his residence. 363 First street,
and the interment will take place to-mor
row at Mountain View Cemetery, Oak
land. Only immediate relatives and
friends will be present. For the past thir
ty-two years be has been the foreman of
the Golden State Iron Works, and he was
always prominently identified with the
iron industry of San Francisco. Those
who visit Sacramento will observe a last
ing monument of his handiwork. On the
Capitol building is Che statue figure of
the seal of California. The casting of this
huge piece of iron was regarded as a great
undertaking', but Mr M Lore was suc
cessful in Its molding . He leaves a widow
and the following children: Mrs. O. E.
Mack, Mrs. W. P.. Arthur. Mrs. John
Gordon and John A. and James T. Mc-
Lure. Deceased was a native of Paisley,
Scotland, and was 63 years of ag-e.
■ ♦ ■
Five thousand Chicago families are
seeking female help ■without success.
56
SATURDAY. " .....SEPTEMBER 16, 1899
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main I*oß.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS, 15 CENTS PER 'WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents.
Terms by Mail. Including Postage:
PAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year $<J.OO
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), 3 months .... 1.50
DAILY ALL- By Sing!- Month «."!«_•
SUNDAY CALL One' Year 1.80
WEEKLY CALL One Year 1.00
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS,
Manager Foreign Advertising, ntarquette Building,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
AMUSEMENTS.
—^-^— —
■ Vaudeville.
Tivoli — "Lohengrin."
Alcazar— "The Wages of Sin."
Grand Opera-house — "Fatinltza."
Chutes, Z»x> and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Olympla. e"rn' r Mason and Ellis streets — Specialties.
Butn -Swimming Races, etc.
Glen Park — Grand performance to-morrow.
Eecr«»ati(fti Park -BaaeblU to-day.
Mechanics* Pavilion— Mechanics' Pair and Philippine Ei
hiblt.
AN INCIDENT OF WAR.
A COLORADO volunteer improves the liberty
that came with the close of his enlistment to
publish specific charges against the American
;ials in Manila, lie states, specifically, that in the
handling of supplies for the army and the hospitals
there is wholesale and prevalent corruption, involving
the loss of enormous sums to the Government.
is usually incident to a state of war, and pre
vails everywhere that war is. It was the odium of
administration in our Civil War, and since the war
againn Spain began has been by no means confined
to Manila. The greatest vigilance cannot wholly sup
- it, and the least relaxation of stern oversight
ses it to increase seemingly out of proportion to
the opportunity. Manila is far away. The oppof
re great, and no doubt they have been well
improved, illustrating the difficulties and debauch
■ Kpected in all forms of administra
tion at such a distance from a responsible center. No
• rship of the press, so rigidly enforced
■ n a large element in the abuse of ofti
irtunity.
During the ominous days that followed our Presi
n of 1876, when there was a disputed
d all the features that precede civil war were
York Tribune noted the situation
and it in this editorial notice: It ha* been
esent p<•
ations that, while the mass -
on both sides have remained patient and calm.
m of evei I "iii no occasion for
or violence, whatever the result, .'!1
bluster an<l threats and war talk have come From
th side- who cither hold or want
king of these mischief-makers
that will make the trouble, if we
have any. M un understood the* ability and
i to foment disturbance. In
■ ■ ■ wing letter to the la- Dr.
■ ... the original of which is stdl in p
mily of the latter:
WASHINGTON, February 20, ■ S
Sir: lam mu<-h obliged for 11 copy of your
Bennon <>n war. which l will read with care the first
•• moment. Permit me in return to ;■ ■•
with my ■ secutive patronage. Though the two
rently entirely dii i. he who
will v the surface will Bee a must ihtinuUH
■ n them. We would have very few wars
if ih. :■•> did not t-xint in every community a body, s< pa
real of the community, who have ;i direct
interest In war. Thiit body is the proat and influential
corp ■ ffl tolderfl and office Beckers, contractors,
culators, to whom war brings an
abundant harvest This corps, as you will scf- by the
report, la very formidable, and will be ready to
plunge the country into war eitner to prevent reform or
to increase their gains. With respect,
J. C. CAUaOUN.
So there is nothing new under the sun in the situ
ation. War inevitably presents these opportunities,
and very often those who make the most frenzied
appeals to patriotism in behalf of war are the most
cold-hearted, selfish and corrupt in their motives.
The charges published in Denver should not be
passed silently, nor should their investigation be per
functory and with a purpose of stopping short of the
truth while pretending to have sought it.
We are anxious that the conditions alleged shall
be taken to heart by the people in making up their
judgment upon the undertaking of a mixed military
and civil administration at such a distance. It has
never been honestly and ratisfactorily done under a
Government approximating ours in form, and if we
are to do it honorably and with clean hands con
stant guard must be kept.
THE SPOILS OF THE TRANSVAAL.
OUT of the London "Stock Exchange Year
Book" the New York Sun has compiled the
statistics showing the dividends of the gold
mines in the Transvaal for 1898, and very justly draws
from them the conclusion that what the British are
-..king in the country of the Boers is not freedom,
franchise and equal rights, but gold. The list is suffi
ciently interesting to be given in full. As present-'d
by the Sim it. stands thus:
Per 1 p er
Mines. Cent. Mines. Cent
City and Suburban IE Meyer nn<\ Charlton GO
May ConflOlM»t«d !•"> Worcester go
Windsor '-') Geidenhuis Depp ~~,
Rietfonteln 22% Imrban Koodepoort 80
Drietfpnteln -'• Jumper* 80
Realm 25 Bonanza 100
rhts 30 1 Jubilee 100
j; .-, Deep 40 Heriot 1 100
Bberg 40 Henry Nourse 125
t Tnited 40 Geldenhuis Estate 147V
giaagte Kstate 46 Wemmer :50 "
Angelo B0 Crown Reef 240
Cnvvi • Deep 50- Ferreira 300
Primrofee 56 Johannesburg Pioneer. .675
Village Main Reef 60 I
Gold mines that pay dividends like that are sure
to excite cupidity, and the British owners of them are
not lacking in greed. While they are extracting
such enormous profits from the mines they are un
willing to pay the taxes the Boers levy upon them,
and denounce almost every tax as an imposition and
a burden. They would willingly have a war. for the
cost of it would have to be paid by the British tax
r, while the mine-owners would reap all the
benefit.
Sir Alfred Milner, just before leaving England for
South Africa, is reported to have said in answer to
a 'juestion concerning the policy he would adopt: "If
you saw a solid pile of gold worth five hundred mil
lions sterling over there with 20,000 Boers armed to
*ht teeth sitting on it, what would you do?
THE SA!N FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 16. 1899.
A CONSUMPTION QUARANTINE
i S~^ ALIFORXIA is beginning to suffer as all locali
i ( ties do which can boast a prophylactic climate.
; Such a climate invites physical deterioration by
the sj^ead of diseases for which its curative ministry
is sought.
The unchecked march of consumption has attracted
j the attention and*roused the alarm of people outside
the medical profession in all the civilized world. Like
cancer and scrofula, it is one of the diseases of civili
zation. The various plagues, black and bubonic, the
cholera and leprosy, were the pests of the ancient
world, and still hold their place among the semi
civilized races. It is probable, however, that, con
sidering the sporadic nature of the two plagues and
! of cholera, consumption, being endemic in the civil
ized countries, destroys five times as many people as
they do.
Science having demonstrated that consumption is
infectious, the world has been led to seriously con
sider ways and means to prevent its spread. Among
these are the isolation of patients, disinfection of the
sputum and excretions, and exclusion of sufferers'
from localities where they mingle with sound people,
: endangering their infection.
Heretofore the interests of "the individual patient,
regarded from a humane standpoint, have risen
above the welfare of the masses. The in-
Milious nature of the disease, the fact that its
victim is for a time left qualified for the
active duties of life and usually pursues them, have
lifted the disease out of the catalogue in which small
pox, cholera and the acute diseases are classified.
Teachers smitten with consumption continue in their
vocation, as do members of other professions and per
j sons engaged in active business. In families one
unfortunate member, sentenced to death by this re
sistless destroyer, continues in the close and affec
tionate relations of the domestic circle, with the cer
tainty of transmitting the malady to those the near
est and dearest. For all these reasons the extirpa-
I tion of consumption is a task of appalling magnitude
I and difficulty. This State, with its equable climate, in
, which the acute diseases of the respiratory organs
occurred infrequently, seemed to offer no conditions
in which consumption could originate. The steady
hire of sunshine and scenery to outdoor life and the j
singular purity of the air were wholesome guarantees
of sound lungs and vigorous vitality. But these con
ditions, unfriendly to the origin of the disease, were
quickly recognized as friendly to its cure or to the
arrest and mitigation of its progress. The result has
been that California has come to be sought by con
sumptive patients from all over the country. As a
rule they arrive with the malady so far advanced as
to foreclose on all hope of cure. Therefore they
come at a time most favorable for the infection of all
with whom they come in contact. The dreadful
sputum, ejected on the sidewalks and in the streets,
reduced to tine particles, is blown into the air, where
it iioats and is inhaled with the motes that fleck the
sunbeams, coming into immediate contact with the
respiratory system and planting there the germs of
dissi ilution.
The result is the spread of consumption here, where
ii should be rare or unknown. It causes more
deaths than any other disease, and more than all the
zymotic fevers combined. Its arrest has become an
of prime importance in the sanitation of the
State.
The State Board of Health proposes to begin with
a rigid quarantine at the State line, turning hack all
infected persons who seek to enter the State for cli
matic cure of the disease. There will surely arise out
of this questions concerning the lawful right to ex
clude su ■ »ns. There may be a lack of legisla
tion on the subject and a deficiency of authority in the
vhich will limit the courts when they pass upon
issues that may be joined.
There is no question, however, that such a policy
entered upon by the hoard will bring the whole mat
ter vividiy before the world and lead to measures of
vast benefit to the uninfected and of equal value to
sufferers. We believe it would be the first attempt
made in the world, outside of New Zealand, to quar
antine consumption and deny freedom of transit and
association to its victims. Great results would no
doubt follow. The public mind needs no education
in the need of isolation in smallpox and cholera.
But it is unprepared to tolerate the same rigor of
treatment in consumption. Yet if smallpox in" one
year destroyed as many lives as consumption does, in
any part of the State pr of the Union, there would be
a panic that would paralyze the business of the na
tion.
Yellow fever invades our Gulf Coast and the South
Atlantic seaboard infrequently, and only at certain
seasons of tbe year, but instantly State quarantines
against State and city against city, and the refugees
crowd the roads in flight from the pestilence. At the
same time in those«same localities consumption kills
many fold more steadily year by year than yellow
fever.
A State quarantine against consumption is only one
of many means that must be taken to eradicate it.
The infected must be rigidly isolated and attended
only in the exercise of exceeding precautions. Tht
expulsion of their sputum unsterilized must be pro
vided against, and every one must be treated thor
oughly as a center of infection that must be avoided
by all means known to sanitary science.
If California lead in all this and can show a success
measured in a decline in the ravages of the disease,
we will have pioneered in that which is of the firit
interest and highest importance to the human rare.
Counsel Moss of the Mazet Committee may be the
right man after all to detect the thieveries of New
York officials. A decision of the Supreme Court of
the Empire State has just been dug up in which the
opinion is expressed that several notaries, Moss
among them, should be criminally prosecuted.
THE EXHIBITION OF EXPORTS.
PHILADELPHIA has accomplished one more
of those enterprises by which she refutes the
reputation of sleepiness which New York and
Chicago have attempted to fasten upon her. In fact,
it appears that so far from being a sign of sleep, the
silence which prevails in Philadelphia is due to the
fact that her people are too busily at work to be
boasting of progress. Thus it happens that at this
juncture, when tj/e expansion of our export trade in
manufactured goods is the most salient feature of the
commerce of the world, Philadelphia takes the lead
of American cities in the establishment of a commer
cial museum and the opening of an exhibition of ex
ports. The much-boasting men of enterprise in New
York and Chicago must go to Philadelphia to learn
from the museum what goods are in demand in for
eign countries, and must send their own goods to the
exposition there to show what they have to sell.
The rapid increase in our exports of manufactures
Tias been one of the marvels of the time. In 1800, ac
cording to statistics recently published by the Treas
ury Department, we imported manufactured articles
of a value twice as great as that of the manufactured
articles exported, the figures being: Value of imports
of manufactures, $356,651,940; value of exports of
; manufactures, $151,102,376. This continued until 1894,
! when the values began to approximate, imports grow
ing smaller and exports larger in value. In 1898 for
the first time the value of manufactures exported ex
ceeded the value of manufactures imported, and in
1899 there was a marked difference, the value of manu
| factures imported being $263,248,559, while the value
of manufactures exported was $338,667,794.
With this increase in the amount of exports of
manufactured goods, while the exports of raw ma
terial and foodstuffs also increase, there has come a
demand for an increase of shipping to carry the rapidly
growing trade. Naturally enough that need was
made the theme of the principal addresses at the open
ing of the exposition* In the address of welcome
Governor Stone said: "We are now fairly in the
race for the world's trade. Our only drawback is
shipping facilities. To-day our exports are carried
in foreign ships and we are paying $180,000,000 each
year to foreign ship-owners. This is a reflection on
our statesmanship. Our ocean freight should be car
ried in American ships. If the circumstances do not
justify the construction of American ships in Ameri
can docks, Congress should by subsidy or otherwise
make it an inducement to capital to embark on this
enterprise."
Congressman Hepburn, who delivered the oration
of the day, emphasized the same point in saying:
"There are nineteen millions of people in the United
States who labor and who aid in creating wealth.
Fifteen millions of these possess the entire political
power of the nation. The perpetuity of this Govern
ment is dependent upon keeping this great army of
laborers employed, and, being employed, content. It
can only be secured by securing our portion of the
trade in the markets of the world, and in efforts to
secure it we must meet and overcome the fiercest
rivalry of the great nations."
Such are the sentiments excited by the great expo
sition of American export products with which Phila
delphia is now entertaining the East. The influence
will be felt when Congress meets, and it is likely we
shall at last have an act which will give to the Ameri
can merchant marine an equal chance with the
foreigner.
The Minneapolis Times evidently knows a good
thing when it sees it. In an issue just at hand giving
account of the arrival at this port of the transport
Sheridan with the Minnesota boys from the Philip
pines it has taken bodily the frontispiece of The Call's
souvenir edition announcing the homecoming of the
Californians, scraped off the name "Sherman" on the
bow of the vessel and substituted "Sheridan." It
failed, however, to give The Call credit for the
original.
THE TRUST CONFERENCE AT CHICAGO
rROM the debates thus far reported at the con
ference on trusts called by the Civic Federation
of Chicago very little has resulted, of apparent
value to the public There has been but a thrashing
over of the old straw, p.nd neither those who have
spoken against trusts nor those who have spoken in
their favor have advanced any argument with which
the public is not fairly familiar, nor brought forward
any facts not previously known.
It is to be hoped that when these preliminary
speeches arc over and all the gifted orators have
given full utterance to their ideas on the subject, the
more deliberative members of the conference will re
vise all that has been said and formulate somethinK
like a definite conclusion on the subject. There is not
so much difference between the moderate men of tin
opposing sides as the radicals would like to have the
country believe. It is conceded by the opposition
that trusts have a large economic value and are there
fore useful to the community of whose industrial
conditions they are the natural outgrowth, and by the
advocates of trusts it is admitted they are liable to
generate abuses and ought to be regulated by law.
In his address before the American Bar Associa
tion .1 few weeks ago Senator Manderson summed
tip the subject in saying: "The problems, legal and
political, that are the most absorbingly important and
likely to lead to far-reaching results in law-making
and statute construction are those incident to so
called trust?, pools and combinations in manufacture,
commerce and trade. TJie legislative difficulty seems
to be to draw the line that should divide the\ objec
tionable trust, or monop6ly that defies the natural
laws of trade from the desirable corporation or the
concentration of capital, productive of good result.?.
To strike down the one and not cripple the other is
no easy task for the law-maker. Concentration is the
order of the day. Industries of importance and en
terprises of magnitude can only be carried on with
success by bringing together that aggregation of cap
ital and limitation of personable liability permissible in
the creation called a corporation. The century how
closing has been during its hundred years an advance
on all lines of production, with corresponding benefit
to the customer, such as has been afforded at no
other period in the world's history."
That is about as comprehensive a statement of the
problem as can be made with an equal terseness. The
task before law-makers is that of devising legislation
which will prevent the evils of trusts without crip
pling their efficiency in the development of commerce
and industry. That a considerable number of politi
cians should denounce all trusts is a matter of course.
"Down with the trusts"' is a good demagogue cry and
is easily uttered. Fortunately it is not likely to have
much influence with the great masses of the people.
The trust has come to stay. The foundation of the in
dustrial development of the future is going to be co
operation in one form or another. Intelligent men
in all branches of industry are already forming such
combinations. We hear of them among farmers and
fruit-growers as well as among merchants and manu
facturers. The issue clearly is one not of suppression
but of regulation, and the solution of its problems
must be left to men of sound business sense and not
to noisy deciaimers from the stump.
An interior contemporary tells us in large black
type that "Dewey has left Gibraltar." It would per
haps be advisable to send a dispatch boat to meet the
admiral and ascertain why he left it. We might
need it.
♦— «-
Wireless telegraphy is a thing of the past. - Bryan's
Salt Lake speech was produced •by the Deseret
News of that city before Mr. Bryan had a chance to
deliver it. Rapid? - Well, somewhat. .
Commander in Chief Joubert of the Boer forces
appears to be sincere in his desire for peace. At any
rate he is living up to the maxim that the way to pre
vent war is to prepare for it.
A St. Louis Police Court Judge has decided that
$8.50 is about the right price to pay for beating one's
mother-in-law. Evidently he is a married man.
One request of the murderous teamster who shot
two men fatally on Saturday afternoon should be
granted. He says he wants to be hanged.
John Bull bad a "Tartar" on his hands. He re
leased it.
CANNONADING THE CLOUDS
TO BREAK UP HAILSTORMS
THIS picture might lie taken as an illustration of how mortals rail through phonographs upon Jupiter Pluvius. At that
tli>' Interpretation would not he so far out of the way. for really these people are trying to induce the clouds to quit
balling mid send down their message in form of rain. Some time ago the newspapers described an experiment in Italy
of cannonading the clou. ls to get rid of hailstorms, and this shows how the operation was conducted at an agricul
tural exposition ;it Monza, a small town ten miles from Milan.
Mortars are fired, with the result of a loud concussion and a good deal of smoke. The funnels direct the sound wave 3
in tremendous volume toward the clouds, and presumably force the currents of cold air up higher and dissipate the
clouds which bear hail. Sometimes these clouds are driven away, and sometimes it is the cold air which vanishes, leaving
in its place warm air. which causes the hail to turn Into rain. It is said, too, that the smoke has something to do with the
result, !>• rhaps by chemical action upon the clouds.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Traffic Manager P. C. Stohr of the Chi
cago and Great Western Railway has ap
pointed C, <> Johnson general a^ent, with
I headquarters in this city, vice A. .1.
Bt ration, who has resigned. Richard
Wild.- has been appointed contracting
freight aijent of the same line.
a. H. Kaftzger, president of the South
ern California Fruit Exchange, came up
from 'Los Angi lea yesterday and will be
at the Palace for a few days.
<;. W. Luce, assistant freight and pas-
Benger ageni of the Southern Pacific
Company at I.os Angeles, is in the city
on a business trip.
O. Rich, chief clerk of the Grand, is on
,'. vacation in the Santa Cruz Mountains.
He will be at his post next Tuesday.
J. L. Bunce, formerly a United States
naval officer, is r> wintered at the' Palace
Horn Ilai tford, Conn.
L, J. Christopher, a prominent resident
of I>os Angeles, is registered at the Lick
witli liis wile.
FreTT Dodd, proprietor of the Hughes
House at. Fresno, is at the Lick for a
brief stay.
\Y. A. Mackiiider, a newspaper man of
St. Helena, is a late arrival at the Califor
nia.
John H. Milliner, n mining man of Pres
cott, Ariz., is staying at the Grand.
I)r. Brandreth Syxnonds of New York
is at the Occidental with his wife.
Dr. J. S. Taylor,' U. S. N., is a guest at
the Palace.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Sept. 15.— Alice Philips
Smith of San Francisco is at the Fifth
Avenue; E. Lennenberger and wife of
San Francisco are at the Hoffman;
( "liarles W. Moore of San Francisco is at
the Bartholdi; Joseph Plggott of San
Francieco is at the Vendome; Eugene
Gayde of San Francisco is at the Martin.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Sept. 15.— H. M. Cat
terman, San Francisco, St. James; C. C.
Burruss and wife, San Francisco, Well
ington.
Express Company Must Pay the Tax.
NAPA, Sept. Id.— Judge Horn of the su
perior Court of this county yesterday
banded down a decision directing that an
alternative writ of mandate be Issued to
day in the case of Thompson, Beard &
Sons vs. Wells, Fargo & Co., directing the
express company to receive packages from
consignors without the necessary revenue
stamps being attached. Judge Horn held
that the law requires the express com
pany to pay the tax. The express com
pany intends to appeal the case to the
Supreme Court.
■ ♦ «
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
COUNTING CRIB— P. and W., City.
Three lives and a four with an ace turned
up count fourteen in the game of crib.
JEWISH NEW YEAR — Subscriber,
City. The Jewish New Year in 1575 fell
on September 30 and in IST7 it fell on
September 8.
A DOLLAR OF 186«— T. Y. S.. City. Coin
dealers offer dollars of 1866 at prices rang
ing from ?2 7r> to $3. That will give you an
idea of the value of the piece you have.
CAPITAL— Berkeley Subscriber, Berke
ley, Cal. The capital of California has
since the adoption of the first constitution
been located at Monterey. San Jose, Val
lejo, Benicia and Sacramento.
PALMISTRY— A. B. S., Berkeley, Cal.
To obtain a reading in palmistry send
either an impression of the lines of the
palm of each hand or a photograph there
of to the editor of that department.
SILVER INTO GOLD— J. G., City. The
story of the transmuting of Mexican silver
dollars into pure gold by Professor Em
mens was published in The Call of Sun
day, June 4, 1599. There has been no dis
puting the assertion made in that article.
TWO STEAMERS— R. and T.. City. The
measurements) of the steamer Oceanlo
are: Length "04 feet, beam fiS feet and
fltpth 40 feet. Those of Wilhelm der
Grosse are: Length C 49 feet, beam 06 feet
and depth 43 feet.
MAIL FOR SOLDIERS— H. M. 8., City.
Mail intended for volunteers who were
sent to the Philippines is held at this
port, as it is expected that all volunteers
will leave the islands before the end of
this month.
TO SECURE A PATENT— C. E. C.,
City. To obtain a patent the most expe
ditious way is to employ some reliable
agent who makes the securing of patents
a specialty. In addition to what the ap
plicant would have to pay to such an
agent, the Government fees are: For til
ing an application for a patent $15. for the
issuing oi the patent $20. Then there are
fees for designs, certificates and the like.
THERMOMETER — Reader, Oakland,
Cal. A thermometer used to register tem
perature is not, generally speaking, af
fected by wind, hot or cold, unless it Is
placed in such a position as to receive the
full force of the wind, Just as the instru
ment is affected by being placed under
the direct ra.ys of the sun or placed In a
refrigerator. For a proper reading of the
thermometer it should be placed so as to
be out of the line of draughts.
COTN QUESTIONS— W. CM., Sonora,
and A. S., City. Dealers offer half-dollars
of 1795 for $1; half-dollars of 1823 for 85
cents, and* dim«s of ISO" for $1 25. None of
these coins are such as dealers pay pre
miums for. A sold dollar of 1562 com
mands a premium of 25 cents from dealers,
a* SUNDAY'S CALL'S |.
WHAT TWO CALIFORNIA WOMEN HAVE
DONE FOR EDUCATION.
The Ten Prize Babies of the Mechanics' Institute
Baby Show.
HOW NEW YORK WILL WELCOME DEWEY.
Will the Chinese Control Politics $AN FRANCISCO
in San Francisco? BELLES
Read what politicians say about it ~_- ■ sim> i/> A
OF LONG AGO.
Greatest collection
What the Interior of the World's o f o ld'time photographs
Biggest Beet-Sugar Refinery ever printed in a San
Looks Like. Francisco daily.
A WOMAN'S THRILLING ADVENTURE IN
THE YOSEMITE.
Most Exciting Chapters from Stephen Crane's Story,
"Active Service/
THE FUNNIEST BEAR STORY OF THE YEAR.
ill BIG FEATURE STORIES IN NEXT
. . . . ALL SUNDAY'S CALL.
but if you want to buy one from 8 dealei 1
you will have to pay an advance of from
U to $1 75.
NATIONALITY—A. B. C. and M. and
T., City. "A girl born In America of Ger
man father ami Trish mother" and "on*
born in California of parents descended
from Irish and Spanish" are Americans.
It dues not matter what the nationality
of the parents is, the nationality is that
of the country in which they were born.
THAT CHAIN— A. B. C, Santa Clara
County, Cal. This department does not
know anything of the chain alluded to in
your letter of inquiry. You should ad
dress your letter to the one whose name
is given as treasurer in New York City,
or to the department of police, 300 Mul
berry street, New York City, N. Y.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townaend's. *
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-,
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
■ ♦ ■
Appraiser Dare to Go East.
AppraiFer John T. Dare will leave fo»
New York to-morrow evening to attend %
conference of United States Appraisers ii>
that city on September 26. The conference
has been called by the Secretary of iho
Tnasury for the purpose of devising <-\
uniform system of making appraisement^
If you suffer from looseness of bowel* Dr»
Slegerf s Angostura Blttera will cur* you. B%
sure you get Dr. Slegert'a.THIEVES NEARLY
KILL HE SIKH'S
SECOND OFFICER
The Morgan City Will
Be Raised.
BELGIAN KING SAILS TO-DAY
TUQ RELIANCE FOUND NO
TRACE OF THE RAFT.
Ship Invincible Was In No Danger.
Governor Lind Visits the lowa.
Many Accidents on the
Front.
Second Mate Mille of the transport
Bikh la not likely to forget his visit to
this port In a hurry. He is bo badly bat
tered up that his own mother would not
know him, and it will probably be a week
before he can leave his room. His right
eye was nearly gouged out. his scalp is
badly torn, his wrist Is sprained and his
body Is black and blue and covered with
scars.
Mill© was uptown and spent the even
ing at one of the theaters. On hi 3 way
to where the Sikh was lying he was accost
ed by a mau who asked for the price of a
drink. The request was denied and the
beggar became abusive. The mate tried
to pass on, but the man called some of
hie companions and said they would take
whatever money Milie had. A free light
ensued, and during the scuffle the mute
Threw one of the gang overboard. He
Grabbed the man who nrst accosted him
and was going: to send him into the water
after his companion when one of the gang
struck him with a slungshot. Mille re
numbers nothing after that, but the gang
must have jumped on him and nearly
kicked him to death.
A few hour? later one of the crew came
along and with the assistance of the
watenman got the unfortunate fellow
aboard the ship. As soon as he is able to
leave the ship Mille will report the mat
ter to the harbor police.
The transport Belgian King was to have
got away for Majiiia yesterday, but was
delayed. At 4 p. m. to-day she and the
Aztec will both sail for the Philippines.
The Aztec will carry horses and the Bel
gian King troops. The hospital ship Re
lief will get away at 9:3' i o'clock this
morning. She will carry about one hun
dred members of the hospital corps,
nurses and doctors and will stop at Hono
lulu and Guam on her way to Manila.
The Relief has been overhauled and is
DOW in Rood order for the voyage. The
Grant will follow the Belgian King on
Monday while the Centennial with a
load i >f horses will got out on Tuesday.
The quartermaster's department has
received the following telegram from Nag
asaki in regard to the stranded transport
Morgan City: "The ship lies well shel
tered. Her bows are out of water, while
her stern is submerged. Divers report
that her forefoot is damaged. She can
be raised." The vessel will be got into
Nagasaki as quickly as possible and there
overhauled, after which she will come to
San Francisco.
The tug Reliance returned to port last
night after a vain search for the raft and
the Czarina, Captain Brokaw says the
fog was "thick enough to cut," and he
never caught sight of what he was after.
He spoke several steam schooners and
the ship Invincible and bark Merom, but
none of them had seen or heard of the
raft. He steamed all over the place where
the Czarina and her tow were spoken by
the North Fork, but could find no trace
of either. He thinks they have gone off
phore to get out of the track of incoming
vessels and will remain hove to until the
fog lifts.
Captain Snof.den of the British ship Dy
nomene and Captain Rae of the Spring
burn have been presented with a very
hands f resolutions by Aleatraz
Parlor, N. W. 5. \V. During the celebra
tion in Santa Cruz the two captains were
the puests of the parlor, and in the grand
parade Captain Rae carried a Bear flae
and Captain Snodilen the Stars and
Stripes. The resolutions refer to the fact,
nnil speak in glowing terms of the friendly
feeling existing between England and the
Vnited States, and winds up by hoping
that on many a future occasion "the Brit
isher and the Yankee might be found si<ie
by side carrying each other's banners.
The presentation speeches were made by
Al Furlong and C. H. Turner. The cere
mony took place- on the ships, both of
•which are lying- at I'nion-street wharf.
Governor Lind and staff were the guests
of the Gov.-rn >r and his staff during a
trip around the bay on the State tug
Governor Markham yesterday. A visit
was paid to the battleship lowa and the
entire party was shown over the Union
]ron Works by Irving M. Scott.
Edward Pine of 1311 Broadway had a
narrow escape from drowning yesterday.
He wr-nt down to Lombard-street wharf
to examine some bran, and while doing so
pome boys who were romping bumped up
npainst him. knocking him overboard. He
was very nearly drowned before a passing
boat picked him up. Pine was taken to
Harbor Hospital and pumped out.
Bernard McCabe, :> teamster, was seri
ously Injured at Second and Howard
Ftreets last Thursday. He was helping to
get an eight-ton boiler off his wagon,
when it slipped and pinned him against
the wall. He did not think h<- was
usly hurt until yesterday morning,
when he found it painful to breath'-. Mr
■ d to the Harbor Hospital, where Dr.
Morrison made an examination and found
that two of his ribs were broken and a
small bone in his back fractured. It will
everal weeks before he is able to
work again.
< lharles Locke, a carpenter, living at 475
.street, was nearly killed on the
transport Belgian King. He fell from the
into the lower hold, and escaped
v.ith a sprained knee, two sprained wrists.
{i couple of fractured ribs and a lacerated
chin. He fell on Rome sacks of wheat,
which broke the fall, or he would have
l.pen Instantly killed. He was treated on
the hospital ship Relief and removed to
the Harbor Hospital yesterday morning.
Luxuriant hair with Its youthful color assur
ed by using Parker's Hair Balsam.
Hin<Jercorns, the best cure for oorng. 15c.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
HOOKS AND STATIONERY.'
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY
342 to 350 Geary Street. Above, Powell.
PERIODICALS. BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
COAL. COKK AND WIG IRON.
Jr - n CAM £. C(\ 900 Battery Street.
• C VIL JUil 0. LU- > Telephone Main 1564.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX, Supt. H. BLYTH. Mgr.
Cw CUITIf Ship Plumbing. Steamboat
C- W SMI IH, and Ship Work a Specialty, II
and IS Washington at. Telephone Main S64L
FRESH AND SALT MEATS,
ii c nni'EC £ Cti Shipping Butchers, 104
JAS BOYfajCt Ul-t Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
FURS.
l II I AECT4TI 14 Kearny «t., upstair*. L«t»«t
J. Pi. LUr3IAI/i styles, lowest price*, remodeling.
IRON FOUNDERS.
WESTERN FOUNDRY, Morton A fledley.
WESTERN FOINDKY, ln P «, ZM Fremunt
st Cas. ng» of Every Description Made to
Order. Tel. Black 1505. '
PAPER OHALRRH.
Will iMTTTTK PULP AND PAPER CO.
ILL Al'lfc lit 722 Montgomery atreet
PRINTING
E C HUGHES, Ml Sansome st.. S. F.
THE HICKS- JtDD CO , 55K5!b «»Sg
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
1 " 0 PARTRIDGE
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, *?*§&&
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at lt« O« E ~;
RIVER COLLIERIES, is the Best CojJin me
*ark«t. Orflc* and Yarda-«0 Main «tre«t.
OLD AGE AND GUILELESS YOUTH
WENT OUT ON DEATH'S EBB TIDE
OLD age and guileless youth went out
on death's ebb tide yesterday.
Two lives were those of old men,
•worn out in the race, sick, hopeless
as to what might yet come to them in this
world and reckless as to the next. So
with more or less unreason they chose the
way of the suicide and unsummoned drift
ed into the unknown. The third was an
innocent babe, who unwittingly took poi
son and was forced to pay the penalty.
The younger of the old men was ex-
Policeman Frederick J. Smith. He had
passed three score years and four. He
had been a trusted official of the Police
Department for many years and was
placed on the pension list at the begin
ning of the present year. For the last
fifteen months he had been suffering with
what he thought was an incurable disease
and had a physician at stated intervals
to prescribe for and treat him at the fam
ily residence. 1313 Devisadero street.
As the ravages of the disease Increased
Mr. Smith's despondency grew more
marked, and his family say that at times
he became "out of his mind."
Shortly before 9 o'clock yesterday morn
ing Mr." SmHh went to his room, osten
sibly for the purpose of changing his
clothing. A moment later the report of a
revolver was heard, succeeded by the
sound of a heavy body falling to the floor.
His horrified wife ran to the room and
found her husband lying in a pool of
blood In front of the bureau, with the
smoking revolver clutched in his right
hand and a bultet wound in the right
temple.
The circumstance that the suicide left
no note or scrap of writing revealing his
TO IMPOUND FLOOD
WATERS OF THE STATE
STORAGE ASSOCIATION EFFECTS
PERMANENT ORGANIZATION.
William Thomas Elected President.
Convention to Be Called of All
Bodies Interested in the
Project.
The representatives of the various com
mercial and industrial bo<ite.s held a meet- i
ing last night with the object of forming !
an association to conserve the waters of
the State. Organization was effected by
the election of "William Thomas chair
man, Cralgie Sharp secretary and P. N.
Lilienthal treasurer. Permanent head
quarters have been secured at the Palace
and vigorous action will be inaugurated to
' accomplish the desired ends.
Considerable discussion was had as to
the naming of the association, the one
r^eethiff with the most favor being The
Flood Waters Storage Association," but
the matter went over until the next meet
ing
John P. Irish, F. TV. Dohrmann and
' Raleigh Barcar were appointed a com
: mittee to draw up a call for a convention
j of all the bodies interested In the move-
m \V H. Mills and Hugh Craig were au
thorized to secure the co-operation of the
g and also to devise the proper
method of appointing delegates to the con
vention.
Professor Davidson was appointed to en
list the aid of the Governor of the State.
Chairman Thomas then stated that the
ultimate purpose of the association will
be to have the Legislature pass the neces
sary legislation empowering the State to
control the impounding of waste waters,
by which Incalculable benefits will be de-
It was announced that the State Board
of Trade had donated $200 and the Cali
fornia Press Association a like fum.
M. Theodore Kearney was elected a
MEXICO'S INDEPENDENCE
FITTINGLY COMMEMORATED
THE Club Patriotico Hidalgo commemorated the independence of Mexico
last evening with literary and musical exercises. Washington-square Hall,
in which the celebration was held, was crowded with members and
friends of the organization. The hall was prettily decorated with the
Mexican colors interwoven with the stars and stripes.
The programme opened with an overture by the orchestra. G. D. Kotta. sec
retary of the club, then read the act of Mexican independence, which was loudly
applauded. This was followed by the "Exposition March." executed on the piano
by Professor F. J. Fernandez. Senor R. Serrano then delivered the official dis-
Promptly at 11 o'clock the sound of a bell filled the hall. This was the signal
for wild cheering, for it was at that hour in the night that the first stroke for
Mexico's independence was struck by the brave priest, Miguel Hidalgo. Dr. D. F.
Martinez, the honorary president of the club, delivered a short oration, in which
he described the efforts of the brave patriots to secure liberty in their country;
told of their hardships and struggles, and of the success that at last came to
them His remarks evoked loud applause. At the conclusion of the address the
orchestra struck up the Mexican national hymn. The following programme was
KTeatly enjoyed by those present:
Romanza, "La Serenata de Los Angeles" Scnorita L. Ward, with violin obll
trato by Professor L. Mojica; piano solo, by Miss Carlota Rodriguez; poetical
recitation G. D. Kotta; cornet solo. Miss B. Mayrinhalder, accompanied by Pro
fessor Charles A. Becker; song, Miss Blisa A. de Navarrete; poem of Mexico,
originally composed for the occasion by Mrs. Professor H. Sanchez; g-ultar solo,
by Professor J. Lombardero and L. Calvillo, and cakewalk by Miss Isabel
Navarrete and Juan McKenna. Dancing followed-
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1899.
purpose of self-destruction adds strength
to the theory of temporary insanity. Mr.
Smith worried a good deal over the es
cape of a prisoner named Bennett, who
got away from him over a year ago and
was arrested subsequently on the north
ern coast. Bennett resided on McAllister
street, near the Hibernia Bank, and
stabbed his wife and himself. He was
arrested Immediately after the stabbing
and taken to the City Receiving Hospital
for treatment. At that time policeman
Smith, being unable to do patrol duty,
was in charge of the hospital, and the
prisoner managed to escape through a
window while the policeman's back was
turned. The Police Commissioners fined
Smith $100 for carelessness and he fretted
very much over the affair? not because of
the fine but because of the reprimand it
carried with It.
An inquest will tw» held this morning at
the residence of the deceased, 1313 I)e
--visadero street.
The second of the old men who
committed suicide was Elisha Lathrop,
76 years of age, an inmate of the
member and adjournment was taken until
next Thursday evening.
Town Talk.
The Dreyfus case is discussed edltori-
j ally in Town Talk this week and is also
I commented upon by the Saunterer, who
gives a local example in Sammy Braun
hart. The Salisbury-Keyes engagement
receives several paragraphs of comment,
and some reminiscences are given of
George M. Pinney. There is the usual
budget of exclusive news about people we
I know in society, politics and at the clubs,
all written in that clever, brilliant style
for which Town Talk is famous. Clancy
discourses on "Politics and the World of
Drama." "Music and Letters" are as
! entertaining as usual. G. S. Wanrell Is
I pictured on the title page. The usual
original story and sketch, verses and i
lively Jokelets complete a readable num
ber. Ten cents at all dealers.
-•«• — .
Nurses to Aid Youths' Directory.
The graduated nurses of San Francisco
who v.-ill take part in the forthcoming fair
for the benefit of the Youths' Directory
will hold a meeting at 2020 Howard street
next Tuesday evening to arrange plans for i
a hospital booth. The money realized at I
the booth will be devoted to furnishing
an Infirmary in the directory. Donations
toward this worthy object will be thank
fully received at the above address. All
such donations should be plainly marked
"For the nurses' booth."
Services at St. Ignatius.
The retreat of the Ladies' Sodality at
j St. Ignatius will close to-morrow morn-
I ing with a general communion at the 7:30
mass. During the mass the ladles' choir
will render exquisite music from Cagh
eri's "Mass of the Holy Childhood. Af
ter mass Father Calzia will give the paprJ
benediction. Rev. Father Chiappa will
ntliver the sermon at the 10:30 mass and
Very Rev. Father Frieden will deliver tne
sermon in the evening.
Night in Venice.
The California Northwestern Railway |
will have plenty of boats to-night. Tick
ets on sale, Tiburon ferry. •
Crocker Memorial Old People's Home. 2507
Pierce street. Lathrop had been living
In the home for the last six years, and for
the past few months had been sickly and
despondent. At half-past 7 o'clock yester
day morning he failed to answer the sum
mons to breakfast, and when the door of
his room was forced open he was found
hanging to the knob, one end of a red
bandana handkerchief being tied around
his neck and the other end to the door
knob.
On a business card he had scribbled in
pencil the following:
Superintendent McKelvey: Keep your prom
ise. Send my remains to the O. F. crematory.
Look In trunk for coin. A spring lnrk on
trunk in keyhole cover. E. L«.
September 15, 1899.
Lathrop had been working on the rail
road prior to the time he took up his
residence in the home. Letters found
among his effects show that he had dis
tant relatives In Minneapolis. The body
was taken to the Morgue and an Inquest
will be held to-day.
The third tragedy of the day took as
its victim "Willie, the pretty twenty
months-old son of Mr. and Mrs. Alfred
E. Dye of 11S1 Oak street. The child was
poisoned last Thursday evening by chew
ing a bundle of matches that he had
picked up around the house.
As soon as the child began to experience
tho effects of the phosphorus a physician
was called in and worked upon the suf
ferer until 3 o'clock In the morning, but
the deadly chemical had obtained too
great a start and the little patient died.
No one Is to blame for the distressing:
accident, the parents not having been
aware that any matches were lying
1 around where they could be reached by
the child.
An Inquest will be held this morning.
DODGE MAKES A PLEA
FOR MORE CITY CASH
NEEDS MORE DEPUTIES TO DO
WORK REQUIRED.
Assessment of Real Estate and Im
provements Should Be Revised
Throughout the City.
Assessor Washington Dodge hnz offered
up to the Board of Supervisors another
plea for more "stuff." He handed It into
j the Clerk's office yesterday disguised as a
supplement to his regular report. In it
Assessor Dodge dwells feelingly upon the
difficulty of properly doing the duties of
his office with a limited account at the
Treasurer's desk; he also cites figures to
show that he has beaten everything else
In the Assessor line since any one ever
fought at the polls for the job. This is
I what Assessor Dodge said he was going
I to do before election; he did not say,
I however, that ho would require an extra
clerical force to do it. Concerning nia
office and his method of operating it and
the results he has accomplished, Mr.
Dodge has to say in his report:
The total assessment roll for the
year 1899, after making the corrections
and deductions authorized by your
honorable body, -amounts to $4u5,11i,615,
as against $352,344,061 for the year 1896,
or an Increase of $[>2,767,554 over the
assessment of last year. As the toial
assessment of real estate is $344,7;>4
less this year than the assessment of
real estate for the year 1898, It fol
lows that the marked increase in the
assessment roll has been obtained
through the Increased assessment o£
personal property.
An analysis of this Increase of $52,
--767,554 shows it to have been made la
the following manner:
Increase.
Quasi public corporations J19.507.fcEd
Bonds 19,, r )07,.559
Shipping (new) 497456
Chinese assessment 497,155
Estimate In probate 6,767,127
Insurance companies 585,350
Merchandise (wholesale) 4.829,261
Total increase $52,767,554
To discover and properly assess all
of this additional property has been
no easy task, and has entailed on this
department during the past year a
large amount of additional work. The
appropriation made for the past year
by your honorable body was found
sufficient only by greatly increasing
the usual hours of labor that are cus
tomary for city employes. For many
months during the past year a large
part of the force of this office has
been compelled to work from 8 a. m.
to 9 and 10 p. m.
In addition to this work, which
must be again performed during the
ensuing year, there is a crying need
In this department for a still further
revision of the assessment roll in other
directions. It is now many years since
a thorough revision of the assessed
valuation of real estate, with the im
provements thereon, has been attempt
ed in this city. The result is that
many old dwellings are assessed to
day for fully as much as they were
fifteen and twenty years ago, when
i first erected. This is an injustice to
this class of taxpayers.
To thoroughly revise the assess
ment of real estate and improvements
will require the services of at least ten
deputies for the balance of ihe. fiscal
year, in addition to the usual clerical
force of the office. The services of at
least three additional deputies are de
manded to act as experts in ferreting
, out and properly assessing those forms
of personal property which so readily
and regularly escape taxation.
Notwithstanding these facts, it has
been proposed by your honorable body
to reduce the appropriation of last year
by $35,000.
Then Mr. Dodge goes on with the argu
ments he has made use of upon numerous
previous occasions when he has attempted
to have his apportionment increased. His
plea will be considered on Monday, when
the Supervisors linally llx the tax levy.
Czarina Did Not Find the Baft.
The Czarina arrived last night in port
without the raft which was lost over a
week ago. The report Riven out by the
steamer North Fork, which arrived on
Thursday, that the raft had been recov
ered moved to have been a mistake. Cap
tain Seaman of the Czarina cruised about
for four days, but the fog was so thick
that he was unable to see but a short dis
tance. The Ferris S. Thompson spoke the
searching vessel on Wednesday and re
ported that the raft was but a few miles
from where both ships lay, but investiga
tion proved the obstruction to be but a
few Btray logs and none of the missing
raft.
Company X Jinks.
The Jlriks to be given by Company X,
First Infantry, N. G. C., and ex-Battery
E, Second Artillery. N. G. C, to Company
X First California Volunteers, will be
held next Monday evening instead of on
Tuesday, as had been previously decided
i upon.
CHEAP BUNKO
MAN FROM THE
LAND OF GOLD
Made a Big Play for a
Little Gain.
NEW KIND OF GOLD BRICK
TEACHER FOR CIRCLE CITY WHO
MUST NOT WED.
Offered $200 Per Month for Instruc
tor — Told of All Kinds of Money
and Borrowed Seventy-
Five Cents.
A. H. MacDor.ald, principal of the Lin
coln Evening School, as well as his very
efficient stafr of teachers, is anxious to
know the whereabouts of one Strauss
from Alaska, a self-reputed millionaire.
Strauss went to Mac Donald recently to
secure his advice and assistance in pro
curing a teacher for Circle City, in the
far north, at a modest salary of $200 per
month, with all expenses paid. The man
from the Klondike was willing to abide
by the Instructor's selection, demanding
one concession from the teacher Mac-
Donald might choose.
The young woman who was to train the
budding minds in the new land of gold
was to sign a contract to the effect that
she would teach school for one year and
during that time would consider no pro
posals of marriage. The day after Strauss
enlisted the principal's interest in the ed
ucational affairs of Circle City he called
upon Mr. Mac Donald in the Southern Pa
cinc building. This time he sought the
instructor's advice as to the safe-keeping
of the vast wealth he had amassed in
Alaska, incidentally borrowed $1 and then
disappeared with never a backward
thought to the poor Alaskan children so
anxiously awaiting a teacher.
In the anr.als of bunko life and gold
brick transactions Mr. Strauss has made
an innovation. He has introduced a new
game. It partakes of the nature of a
"sure thing" and possesses but one draw
back—a small gain as the result of elab
orate detail. The amusing part of
Strauss' game is the fact that the vic
tim ignores the fact that he has been
"playtd."
"I can't understand It," says the vete
ran teacher, losing sight of the petty re
sult in wonderment at the magniurence
of the scheme. » "It was this way. Sev
eral nights ago I was seated in my office
at the Lincoln Evening School when a
stranger walked into my room and with
out any explanatory phrasing demanded
that I assist him in selecting a tea.ch.er
for Circle City.
" 'We want a teachcrbad up there,' he
said. "The boys have got together and
determined that whatever the cost we
should have one, and they have deputed
me to see that they get the proper per
son.'
"I then asked him why he came to me "
continued Mr. Mac Donald, "and he said
that one Al White, a graduate of my
school, had advised him to consult me in
the matter. We talked it over and came
to the conclusion that the salary should
be $200 per month, with all expenses paid,
and that I should let him meet after
school hours my teachers and he could
place the matter before them. 'There is
but one thing I insist upon,' he said; 'the
lady selected must be a young woman of
determined character; one that cannot
be tempted from the path of honor and
duty, and furthermore, she must sign a
contract to teach for one year, during
which time she must not marry.'
"My teachers met Mr. Strauss that
same evening," remarked the principal.
"Two ladies seemed rather inclined to ac
cept his offer. To one he said she was
too young and that the Klondikers would
never let her live a year in single blessed- i
ness, and the other he declared was too i
frail. Finally he said he would leave the
matter to me and would call in a few
clays. He came the next day to see me
at the treasurer's office of the Southern
Pacific Company and said he wanted my
advice as to how he might place his
money. 'I've heard good reports from
the Hibernia Bank,' he said, 'but they
will accept no greater deposit than $10,000
and that never would do me.' So," ex
plained Mr. Mac Donald, "I recommended
a big commercial bank and we arranged
to go there on Monday. Then he told me
that he had Just telegraphed a ticket to
his parents in Germany to bring them to
this coast and was much annoyed to
think he was just 75 cents short. He
asked me if I could oblige him and save
him the trouble of going home and I
gave him a dollar. And that," concluded
Mr. Mac Donald, "is the last I saw of
Mr. Strauss, millionaire of Circle City." I
It is thought that "Strauss" sought the !
advice of other trusting gentlefolks, and I
among the number is mentioned Captain I
Denby, who has two sons wooing fortune
in Alaska.
Liquor Dealers' Meeting.
A meeting of the Retail Liquor Dealers'
Mutual Protective Association was held
Friday afternoon at the rooms of the San
Francisco Protective Association. 214 Cal
ifornia street, President T. M. Ferguson
in the chair. The meeting was called for
the purpose of electing delegates to the
San Francisco Protective Association.
Charles F. Kapp. William J. G. Muhl and
William Fahy were elected delegates, and
an interesting discussion of business
matters of much Interest to the retailers
ensued.
Money Wins for Winn.
On motion of United States District At
torney Coombs yesterday the charge
against Saloon-keeper Patrick J. Wlnn for
failing to cancel revenue stamps on emp
ty cigar boxes was dismissed by United
States District Judge de Haven, Winn
having compromised with the Government
by paying a penalty to. the Secretary of
the treasury.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Letter to Mrs. rinkham Brought
Health to Mrs. Archambo.
iLC-TER TO MTS. PIXKHAM NO. 4*>395l
"Dear Mbs. Pinkiiam — For two
yca»s I felt tired and so weak and dizzy
th*t some days I could hardly go
ftroend the house. Backache and head-
ache all the time and my food would
i\r>\ digest and had such pains in the
womb and troubled with leucorrhoea
and k'dnevs were affected.
"After birth of each child I grew
A'ca^er, and hearing so much of the
f»rv"l 3 ou had done, I wrote to you and
h»»*> taken six bottles of Lydia E.
Pinkhanfs Vegetable Compound, one
I box or. Lozenges, one box of Liver Pills,
6nc package of Sanative Wash, and to-
<J*y I am feeling as well as I eve"r did.
When I p*et up in the morning I feel as
t»*sh as I did when a girl and eat and
•Jeep well and do all of my work. If
ever I feel weak again shall know
where to get my strength. I know
yourmedicineem-pd me." — Mrs. Salina
ARCHAMBO, CIIARLKMONT, MASS.
The present Mrs. Pinkham's experi-
ence in treating female ills is unparal-
leled; for years she worked side by
side with Mrs. Lydia E. Pinkham, and
for sometime past has had sole charge
of the correspondence department of
her great business, treating by letter
.as many as a hundred thousand ailing
women a year. All women who suffer
are invited to write to Mrs. Pinkham
at Lynn, Mass., for advice, which will
be promptly given without charge.
__ ADVEBTISEMENTS. ____.____■„.,_._■_„_.
'•!■♦ ■!■ ♦ ■!■ •■!■♦ ■!■ » ■!■ ♦ ■!■ ♦ ■!■♦*♦*-»•* ♦■!■ >■!'*'!■* \. ♦ ■:■ ■:■ ■;■ ♦ ■;■ ■:■ >!■>■!■ » *<
On to-day, Saturday, we will close out the remainder of the special
lot of KID GLOVES which we placed on sale a few days ago at 50
cents a pair; these gloves are excellent value and the sizes are in black,
5%. 5%, 6 and 6%; tan and brown, 5%, 5%, 6, 7, 7& and 7%.
LADIES' 3.CLASP SPECIAL LAMBSKIN GLOVES,
all colors and black (all sizes) at 75c per pair.
LADIES' 3.CLASP PIQUE WALKING GLOVES,
, in all colors and black; regular value $1.25; will be on sale at 85c
per pair.
N. B.— We clean and repair, free of cost,. all gloves purchased
from us.
NEWEST STYLES IN LADIES' TlES— Liberty Silk
Ties, two yards long, with tucks and plaited liberty silk ends In
black, white, cream, heliotrope, pink and blue, excellent values,
prices 75c, $1.00, $1.25, $1.50 each.
NEW COLLARETTES-Black Liberty Silk Collarettes with
plaited ends; good value at $2.00; our special price $1.50 each.
AS A SPECIAL ATTRACTION FOR OUR PATRONS
ON SATURDAY we recommend our complete stock of BOYS'
AND CHILDREN'S CLOTHING in sailor, reefer, middy and
double-breasted suits, ranging In price from $1.60 to $8.95
per suit.
NOTABLE YALUE-700 yards silk finished colored "Velvetta"
(the 50c quality), in all the popular shades, including cerise, purple,
emerald, tan, light blue, national, blue, fuchsia, etc.; on sale at
25c per yard.
See elegant display In our show windows.
LADIES' JACKETS AND CAPES— Kersey Cloth
Jackets, in black, navy and tan, also tan covert cloth, fly fronts,
faced with silk serge, at $5.00 each.
LADIES' GOLF CAPES, made of fine all-wool cheviot, In tan and
gray plaid back; extra value at $5.00 each. §
LADIES' DRESS SKlRT!*— Ladies' Dress Skirts In fancy
mixed materials, lined with percaline and bound with corduroy;
special at $3.09 each.
LADIES' WRAPPERS— 2SO Ladies' Flannelette Wrappers,
epaulettes and yoke trimmed with braid, waists lined; special at
$1.00 each.
la/Jf Murphy Building-, /
Cor. Market, Jones and McAllister Sts.
JttUNYON'S INHALER
CURES
J*J» CATARRH
\ S^jjW Colds, Coughs,
Hay Fever, Bron-
N^i^^kChitis, Asthma
fi — - ulliw and all Diseases
iPiliT^i iiF of the Throat and
Clouds of Medicated Vapor are Inhaled
through the mouth and emitted from the nos-
trils, cleansing and vaporizing all the Inflamed
1 and diseased parts which cannot be reached by
medicine taken into the stomach.
It reaches the sore spots— lt heats the raw
places— lt goes to the seat of disease— lt acts as
a balm ana tonic to the whole system — .00 at
druggists or sent by mail. 1506 Arch St., I'hila-
I ALL AILMENTS OF MEN CURED,
DR. MEYERS ft CO. have the largest prac-
tice and best equipped medical institution
on the Pacific Coast. Established 17 years.
PRIVATE BOOK and advice free at office
or by mall. All letters confidential. I
731 Market St., San Francisco.
Dr. R. L. Walsh,
/{^^^rJSSuii^V 815*4 GEARY ST., bet.
jgiSS&^h-yi'it-^™' , Hyde and Larkln.
»j!r^^'s^^=ge^ES>} Painless Extraction..
ClJ^i'^rrrWiirSr^ Hyde and Larkln.
-'SSgii.gg?!^ Painless Extraction..
•T. f. > Ji>' Flesh-colored Plates.
Continuous Gum Plates (no bad Joints) our
' specialty. Have received TEN first prizes for
1 this branch of dentistry. No students. 16
years' experience. ' _^__^^____
AMUSEMENTS.
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
ADGIE B D L A S a HER LIONS.
A GREAT VAUD»»aLLE SHOW, AND
HARMON AN!) SEABURY,
The World's Champion High Divers.
TO-NIGHT—SPECIAL I
JEFFRIES-FIfZSIMMONS FIGHT !
Reproduced by the Animatoscope.
Phone for Seats, Park 23.
BASEBALL!
Oakland
vs.
San Francisco
TO-DAY AT 3 FV M.
SUNDAY ATJ2:3O P. M.
RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and Harrison . streets.
GENERAL ADMISSION. 25 CENTS. '
LADIES ADMITTED FREE TO GRAND
STAND.
CONCERTS AND AESOBTB.
GLEN PARK!.
ON SAN MATEO ELECTRIC LINE.
. ADMISSION 10c. / '.
Balloon Ascension This Sunday.
VALUABLE GATE PRIZES from the "EM-
PORIUM."
OPEN TO ALL— BICYCLE RACES and ATH-
LETIC COMPETITIONS for CASH and VALU-
ABLE PRIZES. ,
6UTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS!
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M TO 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M.
• . . ADMISSION. 10c; . CHILDREN. 80.
Bathing. Including admission. 25; Children, 20c.
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
GRAND MATINEE TO-DAY OF
"OTHELLO."
"OTHELLO" Repeated Sunday Night.
TO-XTGHT! TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
"LOHENGRIN."
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT 1
Owing to the Enormous Demand for
OTHELLO and LOHENGRIN,
These T-wo Famous Operas Will B*
CONTINUED NEXT WEEK.
POPULAR PRICES— 2S and BO Cents.
Telephone for Seats, Bush 9.
MATINEE TO-DAY, SATURDAY, SEPT. I*.
Parquet, 25c, any seat; Balcony, 10c; Children,
10c, any part.
BACHELOR CLUR WHITE AND HARRIS
CRAWFORD SISTERS.
HUNGARIAN
BOYS' MILITARY BAND.
MONTRELI*
CHARLEY CASE.
ARNOLD GRAZER AND LE PETTTB
HAZEL.
AMERICAN BIOGRAPH.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
MATINEE THIS AFTERNOON AT 2:15.
Best Reserved Seat in the Theater, 25 Cents.
Last Two Nights of Yon Suppe's Pretty
Comic Opera,
lATipr
MONDAY NEXT— Red-Letter Night of th«
Season. Offenbach's World Famous
Comic Opera,
"THE DRUM MAJOR'S DAUGHTER."
First Time of the Beautiful "White and Silver
March" by a Corps of Beautiful Girls.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES—
10c, 15c, 23c, 35c and 50c.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
ALCAZAR ™
MATINEE TO-DAY AND SUNDAY.
TO-NIGHT AND TO-MORROW (SUNDAY).
Last Performance of
THE WAGES
OF SIN.
PRICES 15c, 25c, 35c stc.
NEXT WEEK— THEN YOU LAUGH,
TOO MUCH JOHNSON!
Gillette's Comedy Triumph.
MECHANICS' FAIR
AND
PHILIPPINE EXHIBIT.
TO-NIGHT!
EXCURSION FROM SACRAMENTO.
SPINNING WHEEL
LACE MAKING
. LEOPARD SEAL
THE CARRIAGES
THE AUTOMOBILE IN ACTUAL OPERA-
TION.
MONDAY NIGHT
IS CALIFORNIA VOLUNTEERS' NIGHT.
* THEY'LL BE THERE
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEABNT AND WASHINGTON Slo.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms, 60c to $1 50 day;
y, to $S week; $8 to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room: fire grates in every
room: elevator runs all night.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
78
FOOTBALL
THE CRY OF
COLLEGE MEN
Many Co?.ches for the Uni
versity Teams — Extrava
gant Plans Made.
Football is kinß, and all the gossip 0110
))r:ir:- now a( the great unirersfttes is
relative to the gridiron and to the canvas
iches, imported at a gr. at
the East, .ire with their
: !hi ri an more to follow.
I ;■• i\\ and Cham
-0 ympies are
;■,. trusting to th< Lr own
Idates
•. ■ :■ ■ ■ ■ ■ Id gen-
That this season will be the greatest
known to the- ? Pacific Coast ' - an abso
lute certainty. The reason of it lies in the
defeat of the "Cardinal" a year ago. The
interest in the. gridiron sport Is on the
Increase, and with the Olympics repre
sented by a strong, 'enthusiastic team the
three big elevens of California should fur
nish a series of games that will send
shafts of delight through th»' football
hefirt - . „*„
The interest throughout the season will
cer.ter largely In the Palo Alto team, for
that eleven will be on« of development,
just as California's was last season. If
rumor breathes a syllable of truth Cham
lierlin will soon have the assistance of
two of the best football men in America.
It is given out on good authority that
Grcnwrnul, the great end who played on
Yale's team when Hincklcy captained it.
•will soon shout football truths into the
ears of the Pal Alto athletes. This is
not all. The greatest of all the great,
Walter Camp, has written to some of his
friends declaring his intention of spend
ing the fall in California. That on its
face means that the great football author
ity will be at Palo Alto, should he come
to* California at all. i • wood, Cham
berlin and Gamp make a triumvirate
equal to the best that any Eastern col
lege can boast.
Cochran will not be alone In hi? coach
ing labors. "King" Kelly, another Prince
tonian, and one of the best backs that
university has produced, will be with the
California team In two weeks. It will be
Princeton against Yale on the California
soil as much as it is Berkeley against
Stanford. Chamberlin played on the
same team that defeated the Princeton
eleven, which Cochran captained. There
will be two distinct battles In this year's
intercollegiate game.
An interesting story, not yet published,
was told at Berkeley a few days ago. It
•was in relation to the methods pursued
by the Berkeley managers in order to se
cure the services of Cochran. Cochran
was engrossed in the management of a
nine at Silver City, N. M.. when the Cali
fornia men arrived. They stated their
terms and he told them that they were
certainly foolish in offering him so much
money for a short season and that many
better men than himself could be brought
out to California at half the expense.
There was a disagreement on the part of (
the managers as to this point and as
they were determined to have Cochran
the" Ltter'B life was made miserable for
a week by the Berkeley commissioners.
Cochran admits that it was too much for. |
him and at the end of the week, fearing
nervous prostration, he signed the con- |
tract which will give him $2000 for eleven j
weeks' work. The figure set was the
original offer on the part of the Berkeley
managers. Even then the California men
began to feel a chill in their nether ex- !
tremities and this week they kept wiring
all over New Mexico for the Princeton !
coach. He was located on the train that
brought i..m to this city.
The situation this year Is practically
the fame as last, with a reversion of the
names of Stanford and California. Tne
latter college has Its entire team back
with the exception of Thane, the quarter
back, and Craig, an end, but there are a
great number of men who will be able to
fill thoee positions. The team is out
daily for preliminary work, though they
have not begun actual training as yet.
Cochran said yesterday that he would
not force the men into a rigid training
until after the first Olympic game, which
will be played on the 30th inst. Cochran
thinks I Is work will be more difficult this
year than it was last for two reasons —
the great efforts that Stanford will
make to regain former prestige and the
havoc wrought in the minds of the Cali
fornia team by the victory of '98. Coch
ran Is wasting no time and will have the
men playing before the c"nd of next week,
though the work will be of the lightest.
At Stanford Captain Murphy and Coach
Chamberlin are making the most of their
opportunities. The interest of the college
men in the gridiron game is of a better
sort than It was a year ago and the spirit
of the college is back of ft. Early in the
week the backs came out followed by the
linesmen a few days later. Nothing but
preliminary work has been done so far. '
Coach Chamberlin has been sorting ma
terial and keeping vigil for the beat of- \
fered.
The Olympics have begun their practice !
In the Armory and they are at it with a I
■will this time. The names of all the men I
playing with the Olympics under me
Olympic standard this year have been,
published. The team Is not yet made up
but soon will be. When the clubmen line
up against the Callfornlans for the first
game of the season there should be the i
feeling of victory in their veins, for they
have the ripened material of many sea- i
sons in their team.
ON THE CRICKET PITCH.
The return cricket match, married ver
eus single players, which was scheduled
for to-morrow on the card of the Califor
nia Cricket Association will not take
place. Several of the benedicts are un
able to play or have other engagements,
so that it pro\ed impossible to get to
gether a team fairly representing them.
There now remain three matches and
three open dates upon the schedule. I'pon
one of the latter the California team will
visit Santa Cruz to play against the
eleven' of the Country Club, which recent
ly visited this city and scored a victory
against both the Alameda and Pacific
dubs, defeating the former by tweniy-
Beven and the latter by fifty runs. The
visiting team, though playing under the
name of the Santa Cruz Country Club, in
cluded A. <>. Sheath, wrho resides in 'this
city and was formerly connected with the
Bohemian Cricket Club, and D. D. Bow
ley and H. M. C. Fleming, who are both
n Jose. In the match against the
Pacifies Sheath took live wickets and
Bowley captured four, and in the game
against the Alamedas Bowley took six
wickets for eleven runs, and contributed
thiiiy-ono to the Santa Cruz total of 110
for six wickets In their second innings.
The victories of thr; visitors, however,
were largely due to their excellent lidd
ing.
A. G. Sheath and F. K. Ritchie have
Joined the California Club.
CYCLERS ON A CENTURY RUN.
The fifth annual century or one hundred
mile run of the Olympic Club wheelmen
will be held to-morrowv The riders cov
ering the distance in* less than seven
hours and thirty minutes will receive a
gold medal. The riders, who will be led
by Second Lieutenant George Kroetz, are:
L. C. Smith, E, O. Kragness, T. H. White,
H. D. Bean. W. L. Jackson, Ed McNess,
J. Ilobson, Frank Carroll, M. Davis and
L. LivlngstoD-
CHALLENGER
"GADDER" IS
NEARLY FIT
The Yacht Carefully Prepared
for the Perpetual Chal
lenge Cup Race.
J. TV. Pew's sloop Truant carried away her
bowsprit shrouds and bobstay and dented
her stern when she ran against the launch
Brisk, lying at MelpßS wharf last Satur
day. She has been *^ken on the ways to
be put in order for • ■ race on September
23 for the perpetual challenge cup. She
will be Bailed by the ex-commodore, who
will probably have the following crew:
Charles L. Barrett, Orlo Eastwood, Com-
modore Carl West erf eld, J. Short and F.
E. Schober. The Gadder lias been greatly
changed and has received a new suit of
sails. She should reach Sausalito to
morrow. Xo crew has yet been decided
on for her, but it is considered probable
that ex-Commodore W. N. McCarthy will
act as her skipper. It is doubtful whether
the San Francisco Yacht Club can find
six men who have hnd as much experience
in handling light sails on a small boat as
the half dozen Corinthians named.
The victory of the Aeolus in the thirty
foot class at the fourth annual regatta of
the Pacific Interclub Yacht Association
showed the great importance of crossing
the line soon after the signal when to
start Is by one gun. The Amigo actually
beat the .V< h:s on the first leg to wind
ward, but having lost fifty seconds at the
start rounded the windward buoy thirty
secondaafterher. At the leeward stakeboat
she was 2 minutes 30 a condsand at Meigga
wharf Z minutes 13 seconds behind the
eotus. On the second beat out she
gained 1 minute 30 seconds and finish) d
only 2 minuti s 4'J seconds actual time
behind the winner. The mishap to the
Truant was directly attributable to late
ness at the start, i"r had she crossed the
line in her own class she would not have
been mixed up with the thiriy-six-fooiers,
which caused her early retirement.
The Presto lost on every leg of the
course, l-<•i ij tr 3 minutes IS seconds astern
of the Aeolus on the first beat out. 7 min
utes "4 seconds at the leeward stakel
10 minutes lo seconds at Meiggs wharf,
11 minutes 45 seconds in the s< cond beai
out and 13 minutes 57 seconds at the finish
Part of her !<?ss between the windward
and leeward stakeboata was due to the
rescue of 11. A. Hurndall, who had slipped
off the Iferope. Even if the whole loss
of the Presto up to the leeward Btakeboat
(7 minutes 24 seconds) is attributed to the
delay, no difference would be made in the
general result.
The San Franciscos have a cruise to
Mann Islands, with chowder and a clam
bake on the beach to-morrow, scheduled;
while the Corinthians have a chowder cruise
to Paradise < 'ove on their programme for
to-night, with a small yacht regatta and
rowboat races for to-morrow. These
events will be postponed on account of
the "Night in Venice" at Belvedere. The
Corinthians have set October 14 and 15 as
the dates for the chowder cruise and small
boat regatta.
The departments of patrol and anchor
age In the cove are in charge of I'ort
Captain John H. Keefe. of the Corinthian
Yacht Club. Nearly 150 yachts will be
drawn up in triple line from the moorings
of the Truant, opposite the Corinthian
Club house, to Bowers Lardiif, the
larger craft lying in the outer Hue and
the smaller ones inside. The ends of the
triple line will be strictly patrolled till
after 11 p. m. The United States cruiser
Marblehead and torpedo-boat destroyer
Farragut will be anchored outside the
yachts. No launches or boats (except
the Tlburon ferry boats) will be permitted
to land passengers at Belvedere or Tlb
uron.
The Oakland Canoe Club kept "open
house" at its quarters on Sessions Basin
on Admission day. Truncheon was served
at 1 p. m. and dinner at 6. C. Li. Taylor
Jr. had a party of friends with him on
board the sloop Surprise, and Charles
Stewart and T. S. Bowen'.s sloop Beatrice
took several parties out for cruises on the
creek.
CORK IRISHMEN HISS
PUGILIST JIM JEFFRIES
He Refused to Spar With a Local
Celebrity, Thereby Gaining the
Disfavor of the People.
QUEENSTOWN, Sept. 15.— The Domin
ion lino steamer New England, which
sailed from this port at 1:15 a. m. to-day
for Boston, has among her passengers
Jam's Jeffries, the champion pugilist.
Jeffries was hissed in Cork last evening
bet ;r.. hi i • fused to spar with a local
celebrity named O'Connor, on the ground
that it would l>o inadvisable to do so in
' view of his approaching light with Shar-
I key.
LONG BICYCLE RIDE.
Messenger Boy Who Is En Route From
New York to This City.
SALT LAKE, Bept 15.— Albert V. Roe,
the one-armed Postal Telegraph messen
ger, who is endeavoring to break the
transcontinental bicycle record, arrived
in this city early to-day. He left New
York City July 23. The young man is in
good condition and will continue on his
journey to San Francisco to-morrow.
Skeets Martin's Good Day.
LONDON, Sept. 15.-At the Lingfield
Park Club September meeting to-day
Murray Grifilth's Orestes, ridden by
"Skcets' Martin, the American jockey
won the Kingscote all-aged selling plate'
Crane's Bill was second and Go On third"
Nine horses ran.
Martin also finished first in the two
mile selling handicap on L. Brasseys Pal
myra. Maltese Cross finished second and
Miss Smiler third. Nine horses ran.
Night in Venice.
The Tlburon ferry boats will accept the
$1 tickets on all afternoon boats. •
THE SAN FH AN CISCO CALL, SATUKDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1899.
SPORTS
DUDES AND
WASPS WILL
CROSS BATS
Local Men Count on a Brace
of Victories, but May Be
Disappointed.
The baseball fans will have their first
good opportunity this week to fudge of the
Capabilities of the reorganized Oaklands.
Since Manager Ewing secured his new
talent the Dudes have played against no
team other than Santa Cruz, and there
is-- considerable speculation among the
fans as to what Harper and Borchers can
do with good support against the Friscos.
Should the. Oakland.rs take a majority
of the series they will have a fair pros
pect of getting away from the tail end,
and unless the local team prove the
stronger of the two "Undo Hank" Harris
may as well prepare to relinquish preten
sions to championship honors. Meanwhile
the Fnscoe are being urged to their ut
most endeavor. They have m>t missed a
day at practice this week. They realize
MEN CHARGED WITH THE REHABILITATION OF THE OLYMPIC ATHLETIC CLUB.
VIGOROUS in the extreme is the policy outlined by the new directorate of the Olympic Athletic Club. The men at the
head of affairs have all made their mark in the world of finance and come to the succor of the great athletic
Institution trained in the ways of business. Mr. Harrison, the president, left for the East on Thursday to •witness
the international yacht race. While there he will visit the various athletic clubs and glean ideas for his associates in
this city. Ht-- will endeavor to arrange for an Interchange of athletics whereby the best men of the East may visit this
coast and compete with the sprinters, jumpers and weight throwers. Mr. Houghton, the new superintendent, is a director
and is also treasurer of the Bohemian Club. John A. Hammersmith has served several times as leader and has made a
signal success in the position. John Elliott is the Xestor of athletics on this coast and a recognized authority on all the
sports of both path and field. Mr. Russ has been treasurer for thirty years, since the organization of the club. At times he
has had an overflowing strong box to guard, while again the opposite condition obtained. Mr. Hassell will lend strength to
the administration, being a man of marked executive ability.
i that the season is drawing to a close,
! only eleven more weeks remaining, and
I there is not a man on the team who is
not more than anxious to be in at-tho fin
i ish. Following Is the line-up for to-day:
j Fan Francisco. Posltiono. Oakland.
Swindells Catcher Hammond
j Fltzpatrlck Pitcher... Harper or Borchers
! Sullivan First base Hutehlnson
i Krug Second base Francks
j RetUy Third base Lange
I Ilrockhoft Shortstop Schmeer
j Courtney Left field Sloskiman
I Pyne Center field Dunleavy
Hllderbrand Right field Hardie
MORE STAKES FOR THE
SPEEDY GREYHOUNDS
Ingleside Coursing Park Management Pre
pares tc Fun an Extra Day Each Week.
With the shortening days the promot
! ers of coursing find they must reduce the
number of entries in their stakes In or
der to run through their card at a reason
able hour. The Ingleside management has
! under consideration the running of a mid
| week stake every Thursday. It will be
| limited to socond-class dogs, leaving the
open stake for the crack performers. The
' action instituted by the Ingleslde Cours
ing Association against Chief of Police
Liees to enjoin him from Interfering with
: coursing at Ingleslde has been submitted
I on briers to Judge Murasky. A decision
i is expected next week.
Recording Angel, the phenomenal ten
months-old greyhound, will not be seen
!in competition for some months. She will
I be allowed to 1111 out and develop and will
then be an able representative of Callfor
■ Ola Ftock. She was the youngest of those
entered in the Produce Btake and worked
I her way into fourth place, being beaten
;by the flying Clairs. The latter had the
advantage in age.
Daisy Clair is in the stake at Ingleslde
this week, and her work will be watched
with Interest. In this instance she will
be called upon to give away age.
Plough Boy proved a surprise at Tnlon
Park last week. P. J. Reilly. his owner,
gave him an impromptu trial with a
young dug somo days before. He was
not satisfied with his work and advised
his friends not to back him. He ran well
In the stake, and with additional train-
I ing will be among the winners.
ROAD RACES FOR THE WHEELMEN.
A special meeting of the Associated
Cycling Clubs will be held next Monday
evening, the 18th, at room 577 Parrott
building, for the purpose of selecting
dates for the running of three big events
which the association now has on the
tapis. They are the annual twenty-mile
road race, annual ten-mile handicap and
the new fifty-mile track relay race. The
twenty-mile was scheduled for to-mor
row, but had to be postponed as the San
Leandro triangle, over which it is usu
ally run, la all torn up. The ten-mile is
due early in October and the fifty-mile
will probably be sandwiched in between
the two.
1 The team which is to represent tho
Acme Club Wheelmen In their fifty-mile
relay race at Reno with the Reno Wheel
men next week has been selected by Cap
tain T. A. Schlouter as follows: A. Bed
bury, A. T. Smith, George Ferris, Theo
dore Schleuter. P. M\ Lefevre, "Kid"
Ferris, J. Bruning, George Olsen, A S
McDoiigall and Al Bannister. The Reno
ltes will have to put up a strong combina
tion to beat this layout.
A. Cunha of the Bay City Wheelmen
will return to his studies at Yale, leav
ing on to-night's train. Cunha has been
offered a position on the university's
junior footDall eleven.
Tho Garden City Wheelmen of San
Jose held their annual election this week
with the following result: L. O. Sill
president; Otto Ziegler Jr.. vice presi
dent; Joseph Delmas, recording secretary;
J. B. Lambin, financial secretary; \V. h!
Krause, Ed Johnson, Roy V. Davis, Rich
ard Moody and Ed Wastie, directors-
Tony Delmas, captain; Ed Willlston first
lieutenant; Harry L. Tanner, second Ueii
tenant: Charles Klinkert, colorbearer; *R.
Walter, bugler. The club is prospering.
The annual picnic run to Blackberry
farm will be held Sunday, October 1.
The polls for the annual election of the
Bay City Wheelmen closed yesterday.
The following directors were elected:
Henry L. Day. Judge Frank H. Kerrigan.
Archie Reid, Frank H. Watters Jr.. Ed
D. Mendell, S. B. Vincent, Austin Kan
zee, Walter V. McDonald. Fred Beck
man, George Stangenberger and Frank
N. Smith. The new directors will meet
next week to choose the officers of the
club from among themselves. Henry L.
Day is the popular choice for president
and Frank N. Smith is slated for the cap
taincy. Eddie Battles aspired to the lat
ter office, but could not get on the board
Of directors. To soothe his wounded feel-
Ings, however, Captain Smith has offered
him the position of bugler. Archie Reid
will be financial secretary. Outside of
a there are no men slated for
the various other positions.
. ♦ .
JOHN MOLE'S HOMING PIGEONS WIN
Homing pigeons from the loft of John
Mm!, of Oakland carried off all the honors
in the race of the California Homing Pig
eon Club from Red Bluff on Admission
day. This was Mr. Mole's fourth victory,
the valuable trophy becoming his per
sonal property. The official returns of the
race follow:
J. Hole's bird A 290 arrived 11:56^ a. m.,
distance 164 miles, average speed 10S4 44-103
yards per minute.
A. Benjamin's A 16S arrived 12:26 a. m.,
distance 104 miles 1313 yards, average
Speed 979 52-100 yards per minute.
H. C. Worth's A 22 arrived 12:25*4 a. m.,
distance 164 miles 00 yards, average speed
!>79 33-Knj yards per minute.
J. Fllmer'a A r>7.j arrived 1:13 p. m., dis
tance 107 miles, 550 yards, average speed
85S 61-100 j ards per minute.
The birds representing H. Van Corte
i beck an. l William Hartery arrived outside
the time limit. All birds were liberated
at 7:3u a. m., the weather being reported
fair, with slight north wind.
On the 24th mat. a race will be flown
from Tres Pinos, a distance of ninety
| miles, for a cup offered by the Mechanics'
Institute. The winning birds will be on
| exhibition at the fair during the week fol
| lowing the race.
FOR A JOINT BENCH SHOW.
Talk of dog- shows is in the air. The
California Collie Club officials Intend to
hold a general dog show In Oakland about
the middle of next December. Norman
J. Stewart of Aromas will officiate as sec
retary and David J. Sinclair will act as
clerk. The show will be in connection
with the Oakland poultry exhibition and
will be held under the rules of the Pacific
Kennel League. Several prominent breed
ers have promised to show their dogs.
Among them the Verona Kennels will
exhibit the collies Old Hall Admiral and
Heather Mint; the Redwood cocker kin
nels will show their whole team of cham
pion spaniels and the Moiuez kennels' lm
portea mastiff puppy Dagonet Montez will
make his debut on the bench.
Closely following the Oakland show, the
Specialty Club's show will be held in this
city. Tho Pacllic Fox-terrier Club, Pacific
Mastiff Club, Pacific Bull-terrier Club
and St. Bernard Club of CaJifornia will
hold a joint specialty show. It Is prob
able that for ilii.s show an Eastern ,)udge
will be imported, although there is no
lack of experts on the coast. In fact, the
Collie Club has decided to rely on local
talent exclusively to judge at Oakland,
and that noted breeder of fox-terriers,
J. 13. Martin, has already been invited to
award the ribbons in the fox-terrier class.
For the specialty show a number of in
tending competitors favor recalling H.
I-acpy of Boston, while the predilection of
others is for Raper. The show will be
held under the American Kennel Club
rules.
The Vernna kennels are retiring 1 from
collies and are disposing of their stock.
The only ones to be retained are champion
St. Chi re Laddie, Mrs. Pheße Hearst's
personal pet; champion Old Hall Admiral
and champion Heather Mint. H. T.
Payne has purchased the red cocker
spaniel dog Hamilton Jack, which took
second prize at Toronto.
Henry H. Carl ton has arranged to breed
his mastiff Hebe Montez to California
Cube. Mr. Carlton is negotiating for the
purchase of a Boston terrier to succeed
the late Oakside Bessie. His dlftli ulty
lies in the fact that Bewl« was the best
of her type, and none of the Eastern ken
nels have yet offered a fitting successor.
A. Bryan's great dane Green Olga will
be mated with J. L. Cunningham's Cham
pion Ivan.
New Railroad Company.
The Hardy Creek and Kel River Rail
road Company incorporated yesterday wu^
a capital Ptock of $75,000, of which $25,000
has been subscribed. The directors are:
C. A. Hooper, G. W. Hooper, E. F. Bur
rell, W.*G. Tibbetts and £>. C. Honny.
FIVE-POUND
TROUT FOR A
FLYCASTER
George Crocker Lands One
of the Largest Fish of
the Season.
George Crocker has the honor of catch
ing one of the largest trout landed on the
Truckee this season. While fishing near
Mystic station with a party of friends
last Saturday he caught a trout weighing
just under five pounds. He used a No. 10
July dun fly, a remarkable small one for
so large a fish. In Mr. Crocker's party
were W. C. Murdoch, J. M. Quay and Ho
mer King and son.
Many of the representative fishermen of
the metropolitan district spent Saturday
and Sunday on the Truckee near Boca
and report splendid catches. Among oth
ers were W. D. Mansfield, A. T. Vogel
sang, A. S. Carmen, Alfred Sutro, Dr.
Trask, William Hanson and J. P. Morrill.
The fish caught by Mr. Mansfield and Mr.
Vogelsang wore served at the bi-monthly
meeting of the Fly Casting Club at Jules'
on Tuesday evening. The fishermen have
done well on the Truckee at dusk by using
the large Pelican Bay flies, allowing them
to sink In swift-running water.
Al Wilson and M. L. Cross spent Sun
day and Tuesday on the Oakland estuary
after striped bass and made gosd catches.
All information from Eel River is to the
effect that fishing Is rrmarkahly good,
many large fish having been caught. This
Is the height of the season and the river
is the objective point of all the steelhead
fishermen. John Butler, John Sammi,
John Lemmer and Colonel Kellhor left
on the steamer last Monday, while other
fishermen equally well known leave to
day.
John F. Slebe, Andrew Thorn and Dr.
Thorn are fishing the Garcia in Mendocino
County.
GUNMEN ARE READY
FOR DUCK SHOOTING
Preserves and Arks Have Been Placed in
Order for the Forthcoming Season.
The gun clubs having duck preserves
In this district are already placing them
in order for the rapidly approaching sea
son. Arks, blinds and decoys are being
overhauled and made ready for active
service on the first of October. Tho mem
bers of the Black Jack Club have Installed
a new ark at Sherman Island, and have
secured a launch to convey them from
Antioch to their preserve at Sherman Isl
and. The officers of the club for this
year are: John Lemmer, president; John
Bergez, vice-president; John Sammi, sec
retary and treasurer; directors— Lemme,
Sammi, F. Jackson, B. Wyman and W. C.
Swain. The season should be a good one
throughout the State, as ducks are al
ready plentiful and more are making their
appearance every day.
The Supervisors of San Mateo County
intend to shorten the season in which
quail may be Rilled: From November 1
to December 1 will be the only period
sanctioned by law for the killing of quail.
The game birds were being wiped out,
and the present legislation is intended to
protect them and allow them to multi-
Ply.
The members of the Olympic. Gun Club
will hold their postponed "Varmint" hunt
on their duck and quail preserve, Cor
delia, to-morrow. The members will go
to Cordelia to-night and will be ready for
the fray early to-morrow morning. Only
those animals that injure the preserves
will be destroyed. It Is expected a large
number of members will avail themselves
of the opportunity to see the preserves
thus obtaining an idea of the pleasure In
store for them when the duck season
opens.
C. Mahlon Osborn left on Wednesday for
Mendoclno County in quest of deer
W. R. Borlini and party are preparing
for their annual trip to Fort Ross, Mendo
cino County. Last year they secured
eleven bucks.
Supervisors Howard Black and TV H
Phelps were at Bartlett Springs when the
season for mountain quail opened and
had a successful shoot.
il . Le^, D - °wens, high in the councils of
the Olympic Gun Club, leaves for the East
shortly on a business trip. ,He will avail
of the opportunity to see the reception of
Admiral Dewey and also the interim
tlonal yacht race. •
H. W. Keller of the Fish and Game
Commission is due here shortly from his
home in Southern California. He will tro
to the mountains after bears.
- County Assessor Ira Parks of San Ra
fael killed the largest buck secured this
season in the hills of Marin Count It
weighed 165 ; pounds. Engineer Joseph
asser of the. ferryboat Tiburon brought
down a line buck tipping the beam at 140
pounds. The horns of both animals were
sent to this city for polishing and mount
ing.- ; ."■ • ■■■■■ .■■ '.-/•:;■' ■■•--.•■...•:
Frank Maskey and Fre« Lees are on
their way overland to Eel River. They
will shoot and fish along the route and
will be absent some three weeks.
WILL RACE
AT EL CAMPO
IN OCTOBER
Scullers and Bargemen in
Active Training for the
Championships*
The annual convention of the Pacific
Association of the Amateur Athletic
Union will be hold on the 18th inst. in the
parlors of the Olympic Club. At a meet
ing held April 14 of this year the board
of managers approved an amendment to
the constitution, whereby the association
assumes control throughout the area of
its jurisdiction over rowing, indoor base
ball, basket ball, and sixteen other classes
of indoor and outdoor sports. This amend
ment will be presented to the convention
for final adoption, and will almost cer
tainly be carried. The foundation of the
Pacific Coast Rowing Association, with
headquarters at Astoria, will not affect
the status or control of rowing affairs in
and about San Francisco.
The Alameda Boating Club held a meet
ing last Tuesday. W. B. Hinchman, H.
W. Maass and S. J. Pembroke were elect
ed delegates to the Pacific Association,
and they were instructed to vote for the
first-named as a member of the board of
managers. After the meeting there was
a smoker to entertain the members of the
club who recently returned from the Phil
ippines and also from the Astoria regatta.
A regatta committee, composed of w. 8. .
Hinchman, chairman; S. J. Pembroke,
Captain W. G. Hansen, Lieutenant J.
Lewis <md Sydney Pollard, was appointed
to take charge of ladies' day, to be held
shortly. The sum of $150 was transferred
from the general fund to the boat fund,
the club being in need of racing skiffs and
some good pleasure boats. According to
the present rule an outrigged skiff may
not exceed 21 feet 6 inches in length,
or have less than 22 Inches beam.
As it !s not unlikely that some changes
may be made in the dimensions, allowing
greater length and narrowness, the row
ing clubs will be chary of expending
I money in new skiffs, which may rapidly
i become out of date. F. W. Avers, stroke
! of the Alameda senior four, will pull in
! the senior outrigged skiff race at the
championship regatta. J. Lewis will pull
in the junior outrigged skiff race, and
; probably others as well. Otto Meyer and
the Hawks brothers, who recently re
turned from Manila, will furnish good
material for a junior barge crew.
At the last meeting of the Souch End
Rowing Club Dr. C. C. Dennis, J. Foley
and R. McArthur were chosen delegates
to tho Pacific Association of the Amateur
Athletic I'nion. Walter Demartini and
C. E. Cashman were elected members of
the club. The South End Club is in a
prosperous condition, and has ten names
on its waiting list. It has found the strain
of constructing the handball court and
having a new barge built heavy, but it
finds the court a great attraction to men
disposed to join the club. On the second
Sunday in October the handball court will
be formally opened and a regatta given.
The only barge crew at present regularly
organized for the championship regatta
is made up of Dr. C. C. Dennis, J. Foley
Al Hampton and C. Skelly. It is out for
practice nearly every night. M. J. Breen
and J. Lyons will represent the South
Ends in the junior outrigged skiff race
while J. Foley will pull in a shell against
A. W. Pape.
The Ariels will make up a barge crew
with Robert Ellis, William Howe, James
Wilson and a fourth man for his cham
pionship regatta.
The Dolphin Boating Club will be well
represented in the championship regatta
next month. Dr. F. R. Axton and Lester
Hammersmith will enter the junior out
rigged skiff race, and A. \V. Pape, W O
Patch and George Baker will pull in the
senior outrigger skiff race. A. W. Pape I
and T. R. Keenan will enter the single i
shell race. An intermediate barge crew
has been made up of \V. Bush, bow F R
Axton. No. 2; C. M. Farrell. No. »; and
George Baker, stroke. The following four
new members were elected at the last
meeting and will go into training as a
junior barge crew— N. Neustadter, bow
W. O'Hay, No. 2: G. Freudenberg, No 3'
and T. Dickson, stroke.
ADDITIONAL AWARDS
AT THE STATE FAIR
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 15.-The follow
ing list of exhibitors at Agricultural Park
were awarded gold medals by the judges
t o -tlti y !
For best exhibit of thoroughbred horses,
Mrs. I. Jioyle.
George T. Hennagin of Woodland car
ried away the laurels in the draft horse
class.
For best herd of Hereford cattle, John
Sparks of Reno.
The grand herd of Jerseys shown jv
Henry Pierce of San Francisco won all
the awards In that class, taking the gold
medal, with one exception, Peter J
Shields winning the prize for the best
three-year-old bull exhibited.
It was recommended that a special gold
medal be awarded Joe Marzen of Love
locks. New, for his superb herd of Here
ford cattle.
University Extension Lectures.
The first in a series of thirteen lectures
to be given on successive Saturday even
Ings at the Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation auditorium, Mason and Elli*
streets, will take place this evening- at
8 o'clock. Those lectures are given un
der the auspices of the university exten
sion committee of the State University
and will be delivered by Dr. John Fryer,
professor of Oriental languages of the
University of California. His subject to
night will be "The Earlier Commercial
Intercourse of the Different Western Na
tions With China," This lecture will be
tree tc the public.
The Crystal Hot S«a Baths.
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm sea
water tub and swlmminc baths. North Beach. •
GOLFING IS
ACTIVE ON
MANY LINKS
Spirited Play Among the Men
and Women at Oakland
and San Rafael.
Admission day was a busy one among
the Oakland golfers. The mixed four
somes, at eighteen holes, match play,
with handicap, which were begun on La
bor day, were concluded, Mrs. P. E.
Bowles and R. M. Fitzgerald winning
from Miss Alice Moffltt and J. C. Mc-
Kee. The eighteen-hole, match play,
handicap tournament for the Macdonald
cup, which began on September 2. there
being thirteen entries, resulted in a vic
tory for C. P. Hubbard, who defeated E.
R. Folger in the final round. Then
a reception and music at the clubhouse
in the afternoon, and in the evening a
complimentary dinner was given to E. R.
Folger.
Fifteen players qualified to enter the
semi-annual competition tor the Captain's
cup, among whom are J. A. Folger. R. M.
Fitzgerald, E. K. .Folger, \V. P. Johnson,
11. H. Smith, H. J. Knowles, J. C. Mc-
Kee, C. P. Hubbard and J. H. Ames. It
is expected that play in the tournament
will begin to-day, tnough the indisposi
tion of Orestes Pierce, captain of the Oak
land Golf Club, may cause it to be de
layed. The events bet down on the sched
ule for to-day are contests in putting and
approaching lor ladies and gentlemen.
Play wem on from early morning oil
evening on the links of the San Rafael
Golf Club on the 9th inst. The semi-imai
and final ruunas of the competitions ,lor
the Ladies' cup and the Council cup were
played, and the lauies' and men's handi
caps, the former at nine holes and ike
latter at eighteen. The seir.i-iinal round
for the Lames' cup resulted as follows:
Miss Mary AicCalla beat Mrs. P. H. Green
5 up 4 to play, and Mrs. R. Oilman Brown
beat Mrs. J. J. Crooks 4 up ato play, in
the final round Mrs. R. G. Brown defeat
ed Miss Mary McCalla one up after a
close contest, and became entitled to have
her name and score inscribed on the
The semi-final round for the Council
cup resulted in the victory of R. Gilman
Brown over Baron J. 11. yon Schroeder S
up 5 to play, and of E. J. McCutchen over
C. P. Eells 5 up 4 to play. In the final
round E. J. McCutchen defeated K. G.
Brown 3 up 2 to play and won the replica
of the Council cup and the honor of hav
ing his name inscribed on the trophy it
self.
In the ladies' handicap the following are
the net scores: Mrs. Denis Donohoe Jr.
71, Miss Miller 72. Miss Goodwin 73, Miss
Carroll 74, Mrs. F. S. Johnson 74. Mrs. W.
J. Gerstle 79, Mrs. J. Burke 82, Miss Elea
nor Morrow 62, Mrs. Kautz H, Miss T. C.
Morgan 86, Mrs. J. J. Crooks SG, Miss G.
Hecht SB, Mrs. L. A. Wright 94, Mrs.
Cushing 15. Mrs. M. L. Gerstle 111. Mrs.
Denis Donohoe won the silver X£? e > "which
was the prize in this event.
The men's handicap at eighteen holes
for a trophy was won by S. H. Boardman,
with a net score of 106. The scores of
other contestants were as follows: Bamn
J. H. yon Schroeder 109. J. C. Kittle 109,
B. H. Dibblee 110, E. L. Griffith 112, Lieu
tenant T. G. Roberts 114, A. J. Kittle 113,
R. E. Warfield 116. H. M. Sonntag 116,
Lieutenant W. G. Miller llti, E. W. Run
yon 117, Baron Alex yon Schroeder 117,
Clement Arnold 119. C. P. Eells 120. A. A.
Curtis 122. Lieutenant D. F. Seller? 123,
W. Q. Curtis 123, W. M. O'Connor 12:>. J.
W. Tomkins 125. Maurice Dore 128. George
H^azieton 1%. F. H. Green 129. L. A.
Wright 129, E. P. Toy 120 and E. War
ner 131.
Heavy rain on September 9 at Redondo
Beach caused the postponement cf tha
final round of the ladies' championship,
but an approaching and putting contest
was won by Mrs. W. S. Porter of LO3
Angeles, Mrs. J. W. Bowers of Pasadena
being a close second. There were Fix
teen entries for the men's championship,
of whom the four making the best gros3
scorer, at the first eighteen holes qualified
for the semi-flnai round at match play.
The four were W. W, Lovett 81, Walter
Cosbv 82, R. D. Osborn 82 and Ross Smith
87. R. D. Opborn of Riverside was
matched against W. Cosby of Lns An
geles, and though he was at one time 4
down he crept up and at the eighteenth
hole was "all even." Osborn took the
nineteenth and beat his competitor. Ross
Smith and W. W. Lovett were also "a!l
even" at the md of two rounds, and the
former took the nineteenth hole. Ross
Smith, who is a youth from the Highland
Park Golf Club, being unable to stay to
play out the final round, R. D. Osiiorn
was declared the victor. The twelve who
did not get into the championship round
played eighteen more holes, with a handi
cap, the winner being W. A. Tufts, whose
gross score for thirty-six holes was 177,
handicap IS. net score 159. C. W. Win
ston was second with 184. 20, 164. For the
men's contest in approaching and putting
there were eighteen entries, the honors
being divided by E. C. Sterling of Red
lands and C. "W. Winston of Pasadena.
William Robertson, instructor of the
Santa Monica Golf Club, playing on Its
links recently, made the following re
markable round: 3. 3. 4. 4. 4. 4, 3. 2. 4. to
tf>.l 31, the boeey score for the nine holer
being 38.
The LO3 Angeles Country Club nnenert
its new links at Pico street and Western
avenuo in that city last Saturday, and on
Sunday about forty players went ..ver
the course, which is said to be the best
west of Chicago and to be the only
eighteen-hole course In California Th<*
course covers more than eighty acres of
rolling land, across whirh runs an ar
royo which creates fine natural hazards.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
With infinite care
Wielands
Extra Pale
is brewed into a liquid
food.
Made of the best
of materials; filtered
and aged before bot-
tling; then sterilized—
" Pasteurized" — it
becomes an article fit
for daily use in the
household. Qts.,pt9.,haif- P t«.
Your grocer or telephone West 144.
California Bottling Co.
1407-17 Eddy St.
Weekly Call,sl.oo per YearRecords 9/facie in the Sporting lOorid.
LIBERTINE
LOSES BY A
SCANT NOSE
Petal, Well Ridden by But
ler, Defeats the Fa
vorite.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 15.— The airtight';
division had its finger? scorched this af
ternoon at Agricultural Park when frisky
cM Libertine at odds of 1 to 4 was beaten \
out a nose in the mile run by Petal, su- j
perbly ridden by the crack lightweight. '
Tommy Butler. Aside from the winner, j
■which Is a vastly improved filly with light
■weight up, the other starters were a
ragged lot.
George Snider tossed the leg over Lib- <
ertine, and when sent away immediately j
•went to the front. At 'the stretch turn j
Total was at his heel?, but not until a !
furlong from home did Snider realize his i
danger. Butler, on Petal, there drew up '
on even terms and by a master display
of horsemanship won on the wire by a
■nose In 1:414. Tommy Butler, who piloted
the winner, is at present unable to ride
on the big- tracks, but is destined to be
come one of the crack lightweights of the
country.
In the harness events the stake for
three-year-olds of the -.'Si class was cap
tured by Miss Barnabee, owned by By
ron Eikenbrecker of Los Angeles, and
Kelly Briggs, the Winters "pnenom," |
made his field look cheap in the 2:IS pace,
efter losing the initial heat. In the first
It was claimed he was "hooked up" (
wrong, a very shabby and time-worn
■apology.
In the running events Libertine was
not r he only beaten choice, for Princess j
Zelka, Meadow Lark and McManus were >
all felled.
The ride of Jack Ward on the first
named filly should have earned for that ■
enterprising youngster a long, long vaca- '
T.ion.
Miss Barnabee. driven by Walter Ma- |
lx-». opened a pronounced choice for the ;
2:13 trot, and although showing an in- ;
ciir.ation to act. better when trotted the j
reverse way of the track, took the first I
two heats in clever fasnion. The third heat '
she dropped to Lena A, but came hack }
game and steady in the fourth when rul- j
ii.g second choice, ending the struggle i
with something in reserve. Corona, the \
third starter, just seemed to get awak- •
ened as the smoke drifted away, finish- j
'ing a dangerously close second in ttiis ■
Leat.
At . Santa Rosa Kelly BrlggS showed
to be a "comer" and the eon of Bays- j
v at--: Wilkes brushed his company aside!
at leisure in the pace. Always an over- I
•whelming favorite he finished fifth in the
opening .it, but in the three following j
fit was like shooting the chutes for him. !
By ta-klng the first ieat John A earned ;
second money, with third money going to
Oonn.e. Rcblet, with Dick Havey In the !
bike, stepped two great heats, forcing the i
winner along, but in the last made a dis- '
nitrous break at the first turn, getting ;
the Hag.
After the downfall of Libertine the tal- j
c-n.t endeavored to get even by backing \
Princess Zeika to win the five and a half I
furlong scramble for two-year- Con
btellator led from the start, winning j
hands down. The favorite could have i
teen closer up, but was never given a
chance, leading out The Buffoon a nose j
for the place. Bamboulia was full of run
to the stretch, where he blew up.
McFarlane. a 10 to 1 shot, ridden by
Tullett led Rapido over the plate a short
head for the .seven-furiong run, but was
disqualified for the foul tactics of his
rider, Kapidu deservedly getting the j
purse. The ruling placed Portia second J
tnd Nonchalance third. Meadow Lark, i
with Marse up, never looked dangerous f
from the betting ring. i
A live-furlonj; mole for two-year
olds concluded the racing. Mandamus, \
with Jones in the saddle, went to the post |
un odds-on choice, and in a fierce drive
was beaten a head by Fairfax, piloted by
Buchanan, a very promising lad.
Entries for Saturday, September 16:
First race — Trotting, 2:26 class: mile heats,
three in five.
Psyche > Eleanor Ann
Lottie ■ Maud Newman
Qulllieerw? ; McNally
Lottie Parks
Second — Pacing, free-for-all: mile heats, j
two In three. ;
Don Much Better
Floraclta. Beechwood
Al Gregor Joe Wheeler
I Direct
Third race— Running. Favorite Stake, hand!- j
cap. three-year-olds and upward; on« mile and
'a quarter.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
SACRAMENTO RACETRACK— day of the meeting of the
State Fair Association, Friday, Sept. 15. Weather fine. Track fast.
Starting Judge— Frank Covey.
FIRST RACE— Trotting Stakes, 2.25 class; mile heats, best three In five; value. $590.
Byron Erkenbrecker's br. t. Miss Barnabee, by McKlnney-Del Amo (W.
Maben) 1 1 2 1
D. E. Knight's eh. f. Lena A. by Lynmont-Elmorere (H. Hogoboom) 2 2 13
Corona, blk. f.. by Direct ("Webster) 2 3 S i
Time— 2:25»i, 2:25 H. 2:24%.
SECOND RACE— Pacing. 2:18 class; mile heats, best three in five: parse, $1000.
J. K. Brlgga' br. g. Kelly Briggs, by Bayswater "Wllke* by Algona (8.
P H <^Quinn"B br. ti. 'John A. by Wayian'd Wby The Grand Moor (Quinn).. 5 111
P H Quinn's br. h John A. by Wayland Wby The Grand Moor (Qulnn).. 14 6 2
Connie b. m.. by Ketchum (Baker) i 7 8 7
Pietatress. eh. m., by Dictatus (Kent) 6 3 8 3
Dave Ryan, b. h., by Antevolo (Donathan) 3 9 4 6
Irvington Boy, eh. g.. by Nutwood Wllkes (Cecil) 7 5 6 4
Billy Baker, b. g., by Silkwood iSanford) *4 8 T 6
Goldy, eh. g., by Brigadier (Lafferty) 9 6 8 8
Robiet. b. m.. by Robin (Havey) ••• 8 2 i am
•Finished third, but was set back for running.
Time— 2:l4, 2:14. 2:13, 2:18%.
Presiding Judge— J. W. Wilson. Starter— R. Havey.
{* 1 THIRD RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; puree, $250.
. - ; j I Betting.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. *4m. *4m. %m. Str. Fin. , Jockeys. .Op. Cl.
47 t>-.=i 3^ 90 2 22 22 24 lb Ins Butler 5-2 2
50 Libertine." a 105 1 12 12 1*4 2 3 2 6 Snider 1-4 1-4
M Twinkle Twlnk. 5...100 5 6 4 4 2 4 2 3 1 Tullett 6 6
45 Colonel Dan, 4 Kl 8 *4 3*4 3 *4 3*4 4 10 Buchanan .... 10 15
31 Rossmore. a. M, « 4 *4 » 6 8 6 jwickllne [» 50
Time— 1:41*4. Good start. Won driving. Winner, J. Martin Jr.'s b. f.. by Oscar-Little
Rom. ' ___
/V(l FOURTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs; two-year-olds; allowances; purse, $300.
O-Sa
~~ ', l - - I Betting.
T ["Betting.
Index. Horse. Weight. St. Vim. *4m. \ru Str. Fin. [ Jockeys. 'Op. cl.
48 Con«tellator 71^1 ... 1 *4 1 *4 12 1 2*4 [Morse I 3-2 2
'cm Princess Zelka 112 3 ... 3*4 4 6 2 1 2 ns Wart 1 23
42 The Buffoon 108 2 ... »" 3*4 3 2 3 15 ; E.Jones 3 6
44 BamboulU 100 « -•• * * 2" 4 4 4 *4 Puller 2 8
91 H_»f__ ..92 5 ... 6 13 5 30 5 30 6 100 Kerlas 5 20
51 BrUt " . .'. '.'■'■'.'■ '■'• '■■ ■ ..100] 4 ... $ 8 6 ,6 Buchanan .... 20 60
Time— 1:09~ Good start. Won easily. Winner, Elmwood Stock Farm's b. a, by Imp.
Brutus-Constellation. ;
/jq FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $250.
OOa - .
■ ~ ~i I Betting.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.' St. Vim. *4m. „m. Str. Fin, j Jockeys. Op. Cl.
— To ». _ 7„~ I 107 •> ... 3*441 42 'lh Tullett ........ ( 10
<» K^'T' 107' 6 ■•• 6 181 3 1 2 1 Ruiz 6 6
to Rapido. 107 6 .- 8 76 «*4 3 1 J.Ward 4 5
£ Z?Hil'.Lw~"i"" __ . ... 1*4 2*4 2h 4 2 jon.B 5 10
K E0"-1^ ?_!__" 107 4 6 2 5 1 £-2 6 4 Morse 1 4-5
M Meadow Lark. a.... NT 4 Jh . . 64 Bergen ........ 2 7-5
56 Novl*. 4 iHj» .. 72 !BlUl 6 g
« Btromo, * 1017 ... 4*4 6 1 T5 7 2 Butler .... 15 40
« Stromo. 3 ioi . 72 8 8 S Buchanan .... 15 40
46 Ace, aJ_UL- 107! » 1_ _ !
' ._, . ___ «-«» v,nt «_« dlsauallfied on account of foul riding.
T^mo-ll? ru" Won driving. Winner. I. F. Capp's ch. g , by Cyclone-Xyanza.
— — - 61 .-,, ; * ■ K.. furlongs; two-year-olds; allowances; purse, $250.
o4. '* —-^i_ v . — . : , : . ___
. r- \ Betting.
Index. Horae Weight St. Vim. Vim. %m. Str. Fin. Jockey.. ,Op. CI.
— 7— ~ "7nT~7 " s U 4 2 '.'.'. lh [Buchanan .... 3 6
'« Fairfax Wl ' ... »£ J| ... 2 10 Jones 1 2-3
"I Mandamus 10. 1 .-• *» ,„ ... 41 Tullett ....... 4 5
53 Tree Jf'»'e 101 J "' ft, 3 2 ... 41 Bergen 8. 12
53 Azor JW « ■■■ I? 5 1 ... 5 2 Butler 7 «
SO Tank- 101 » 4 *4 6 2 ... «1 'Frawley j 3 3
59 Rose Of Hllo 10- _ '" 7 n T ... 7 20 John80n 5 8
I» Nina 103* -« i* J ... «■ King »0 40
58 Gross ..Itw a ... » » Z. — _! ° :
Tlme-1^4. Falr 8lart. won driving. _ Winner, C. I Thncker _ Co.'. b. c. by nontax-
CarmeliU.
83 Lady Hurst .....100 i 63 Fortis 97 •
68 Grady 103 (CO)Donator 102
63 Rapido 103 68 Mistleton 11l
68 Monrovia 103 35 Reolla 107
Fourth race— Running, two-year-olds; one
mile and a sixteenth.
i 57 Bogus Bill ICS 63 Ella de Pol 102
42 Silver Bullion ! (6S)Druidess 110
(formerly Gold |54 El Arte 100
Bullion) 105!(67)Bathoa 117
Fifth race— Running, one-mile epeclal; four
I to go or no race.
:- Cromwell 116! 61 Libertine 102
60 Hohenzollern ...112 42 Nllgar 1C»
(41)Jennle Reid 107 i6l)Petal " 9T
Sixth race— Running, maiden two-year-olds.
selling; five furlongs.
53 Purmayah 1011 69 Palatine 104
62 Brltt .' 101 59 Loyta 101
I 63 Electa C 101 64 Rose of Hllo 103
Seventh race— Running, three-year-olds and
Upward, selling; six furlongs.
I 63 Black Orphan.... 93; M Yule 104
! 53 Swltzer 102 60 Negligence 107
53 Watossa 96 ! '- Shellac 99 !
66 Smyle M 60 Major Cook 102
65 Mainus 107 55 Correct 101 |
i 60 Averlne 99 M Ojal 101 !
60 Bastila 96. 55 Padre Jose 107
TRAINERS SUSPENDED.
■
Long Shots in Some Queer Races at
the Hawthorne Track.
CHICAGO, Sept. 15.- Long shots won
some Queer races to-day at Hawthorne,
and as a result of the racing T. J. Leary
and C. Beckley, trainers of Oconee and
Lew Hopper, and Jockey Dugan have been
suspended pending Investigation.
May Beach was the only favorite to win.
Oconee and Lew Hopper, after running
in different races for a fortnight, Jumped
out and won at long prices, which aroused
suspicion in the minds of the judges. In
the last race Kunja, a well-played second
choice, eat Yuba Dam after a hard
race. Results:
One in — Yincer.nes won, M.isara second.
Blooming Chance third. Time, 1:42%.
Five furlongs— Ocunee won. Tar Hill second.
The Rush third. Time. I "IV
t=e.vor. furlongs— May B«acb won. Hop Scotch
secontl. Tulane third. Time.. 1:26*1.
One anJ an eighth miles, selling— Hop
per won. Mary Kins-lie seconi, Einstein third.
Time, 1:52»i.
Belling. svven furlongs — Maid of Honor won.
The Monk second. Mer'.to third. Time, l:2S^i.
One mile — Kunja won, Yuba Dam second,
Goodrich third. Time, :■»'..
PROVIDENCE. R. 1.. Sept. 15.— record
crowd of the week attended the fourth day of
the grand circuit meet at the Narragansett
Park. The weather conditions were the best
of the week, which, with a stood track, made
fast time. The talc Bt got urset in the first race
of the day. the 2:15 trot, which was a five-heat
event. Ureenbrino won the last three heats
after the favorite. Lord Vincent, took the sec
ond heat. Prince Alert, owned by James Han
ley of this city, won the 2:07 pace in three
straight heats. The winner reduced his mark
nearly two seconds.
The second mile was stepped in 2:os*i, the
fastest mile of the meet. Sadie M. an out-
Fkler. wen the 8:19 trc; In straight heals, get
ting a new mark of 2:l3Vs. Results:
N'arraganseU stake. 2:15 claas, tret, purse
$j.v»)— Gre». nbrino won •_ fourth and fifth
heate. Time, i:iv- . 2:u*i. 2:14 V... Lord Vin
cent won second heat in 2:llVi and was second.
Precision won first heat in 2:12\ and. was third.
Surpol fourth. Liocro. Red' ;. Kiida. Pilot
•. n. Pa.ldv D and Hailie Rocket also started.
2:07 clcss jiace. purse J2OO, three In five-
Prince Alert won in straight heats. Time,
2:07*;, 2:os*i. 2:06 l i. Royal R Sheldon second,
Dan J third. Nicol 13. Courier Journal and
Kontas Crot;ke also started.
2:19 class trot, purse $12t)G, two in three — Sadie
M won In straight he;:. Time, 2:16*4; 2:l3Vj.
Frank Craemer second, Whitney third. Little
Tobe. Teller. Ellison. Man W, Firewood. Ex
cel and Bright Light also started.
2:14 class pace, parse ?12C0. two in three — King
Albert won in straight heats. Tim-. 2:114.
2:14. Fred W second; Major C third. Dora
Higawood, Mazie Sidney. Jim Pugh, Belle Can
non and Uncle Tom also started.
MILWAUKEE. Sept. 13.— The State Fair
races came to a successful end to-day. Yes
terday's unfinished 2:30 trot was won by Baby
B. owned by X. G. Aldrich of Aurora, 111.
Three extra heats were necessary to finish It,
Qulrjton winning two of them.
In a special pacing race Thomas Boyle's Col
bert of Palaotine. 111., won in thre* etraight
heat*, which were the fastest consecutive heats
ever made on this track barring the special
race? between Joe Patchen and Star Pointer
two years ago.
Colbert also lowered his record by a full
second. Ahead won the 30 pace, winning
three out of four heat* after being several
lengths behind in the last furlong.
Maybelle. a totally blind horse, the property
of John M. McClay of Champaign. 111., won the
last race, ■ 1:35 tret, with ease Results:
2-30 trot, purse $500 (concluded)— Baby B won
first, second and sixth heats. Time. 2:21. - 2>Vi,
2'2f)'~k Quinton won fourth and nth heats and
was second. Time. 2:1914. 2:2 m. Annetelle
won third heat in 2:2- ; 4 and was third. Mina
U. Pilot Rambert, Oneida Girl and Jerry T
also started.
Special pace in place of free-for-all, which
was declared off— Colbert wen In straight heats.
Time. 2:10% i. 2:osVi, 2:094. Riley B second,
Alnsworth third.
2:3) pace, purse $300— Ahead won first, third
and fourth heats. Time. 2:15, 2:17'  2:21.
Teresa Wllkes won second heat in 2:11*4 and
was second. Black Hal third. Nautei'ast an.i
Vlllaire also started.
2:35 trot, purse I—Maybehe1 — Maybehe won second,
-•v .:•.--- .. -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATI'EDAT, SEPTEMBER 16. 1899.
third and fourth heats. Time, 2:19^, ::ISV.,
2:20. I J M won first heat In 2:18 an<l was
second. AWbel was third. Mists Helen M
Hill, Bivette, Maud B and Turf Thorn also
started.
ORIOLES LOSE A
GAME TO THE REDS
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs' W. L. Pet. | Clubs *W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ...SS 38 .6SB Chicago 67 63 .516
Philadelphia 82 48 .630!Pitt6burg ...62 67 .480
Boston 78 50 .410 Louisville ...60 69 .463
Baltimore ...78 5.' .575 New Tork ..53 73 ,416
Cincinnati ..73 58 .557 Washington 47 80 .372
St. Louis ...73 59 .553 Cleveland ...19 117 .139
BALTIMORE. Sept. 15.— Miserable support to
their pitcher cost the game to the Orioles, the
Reds winning the ninth gam* out of the eleven
played during the season. Hawley was in fine
form and had the Birds hypnotized. Attend
ance 1133. Score:
Clubs- r. h. E.
Baltimore 2 10 7
Cincinnati .1 7 12 1
Batteries— Howell and Robinson; Hawley and !
Kahoe. Umpire— Dwyer.
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 15. -To-day's game i
was called after th» eighth inning owing to '
darkness. Louisville won after a stubborn con- I
test, in which there was considerable wrang- !
ling, some heavy hitting and bad errors An '
error by Lander In the seventh Inning and five j
hits by Louisville, two of which were t.i)>>3 :
and one a double, put a damper on the Phil- '
lies' chances. Captain Clarke, who vik not in •
the game, was escorted from '.he grounds 1 y a
policeman for Insulting McGarr. Attendance
3500. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Louisville l.) 16 3 '
Philadelphia 9 ii) 3 I
Batteries— Waddell and Steelman; Plan. Orth !
and McFarland. Umpires— Snyder and McGarr. :
WASHINGTON. Sept. 15.— The Cleveland
Club played to-day as though they did not care
whether they won or lost, and the Senators
easily took the game. Schmidt was hit hard
and Colllflower replaced him at the end of the
PORT CAPTAIN J. H. KEEFE, CORINTHIAN YACHT CLUB.
(BOTE and HABENICHT. PHOTO.)
Captain Kecfe has been placed, in charge of the patrol and anchorage at Bel
vedere to-night luring the progress of the water carnival. He la a thorough
yachtsman and is Qualified for the manifold duties he must perform
third Inning. Freeman made his nineteenth
home run. Attendance 750. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Washington 14 14 1
Cleveland 3 I 4
Batteries— Brans. Klttredge and McMann;
Schmidt, Colliflower and Sugden. Umpires —
Betts and Latham.
• ____
BROOKLYN, Sept. 16.— Garvin was a puzzle
to-day, holding the leaders down to four hits,
two of which came in the last Inning. The
Chicago! played fast ball at all times and
touched up Dunn in lively fashion toward the
close. I*ang# and Everett did clever all-round
work, the latter setting a triple, a double and
two singles In five times at bat. Attendance
1500. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 8 12 1
Brooklyn 2 4 8
Batteries— Oarv'.n and Donahue; Dunn and
AlcGulre. Umpires — Swartwood and Hunt.
NEW TORK. Sept. 15.— The New York* easily
defeated St. Louie to-day by good batting and
sharp fielding. Doheny, although he was a bit
wild, always steadied down when runs seemed
imminent. The game was called at the end of
the eighth Inning on account of darkness.
Attendance 800. Score:
Clubs— ■" •.'■■'"* ■''■: •■• R. H. E.
New York 10 15 5
St. Louis - 6 9.2
Batteries— and Warner; Powell and
O'Connor. Umpires— O Day and McDonald.
BOSTON, Sept. IS— Boston took a hard-hit
ting game from Plttsburg to-day. Btahl's homo
run In the fifth was one of the longest hits
ever seen on the grounds, the ball clearing the
right field fence. Attendance 650. Score:
Clubs— R. 11. E.
Boston : 9 11 2
Plttsburg ; 4 9 4
Batteries— Willis and Bergen; Chesbro and
Bowerman. — Manassau and Connolly.
SHAMROCK'S SPIN ON
A MEASURED COURSE
A Comparison With Columbia Is Not
to the Disadvantage of the
American Yacht.
NEW TORK, Sept. 15.— After many days
of preparation the challenging- yacht
Shamrock to-day made her first trial in
American waters over a measured course.
Scotland lightship was the starting point,
and the distance covered was twenty
miles, ten miles to leeward and the same
distance on the wind In returning. I^lg-ht
and moderate breezes prevailed through
out the trlai. In this trial the Shamrock
was shown to be a clever boat In heating
to windward, but her down wind perform
ance vac disappointing. In time the
Shamrock required 1 hour 16 minutes and
30 seconds to run ten miles, while 1 hour
4,"> minutes and 20 seconds were taken on
the beat track.
In comparing the challenging yarht with
the Columbia, under similar conditions of
wind and weather, the American boat
not suffer. She seems minutes faster
than the Shamrock. Her enormous area
of canvas is carried well by the green
boat, but the angle of keei shown by the
Columbia in the same sort nf weather was
not greater than that of the stranger. The
fuss that the s'hanirock makes In The
water Is more than the Columbia has
shown. She causes a distinct hollowing
of the water under her lee rigging, and
a quartering wave that looks much like
proving a serious drag.
NEW YORK, Sept. 15.— The next races
between the yloop yachts Columbia and
Defender will take place off Newport, R.
L, next week. The Defender has sailed
for that place and the Columbia will fol
low her to-morrcw. The latter yacht went
went out for a trial spin on the Sound
to-day.
KING CARNIVAL
WILL REIGN AT
BELVEDERE COVE
A Brilliant Festival
Promised.
After months of planning and prepara
tion, the people of Belvedere are ready for
their water carnival representing a night
in far-away Venice. The festivities on the
water will begin at S:3O o'clock this even-
Ing. Special boats will leave the Tihuron
ferry at 7, 7:30 and 7:45 o'clock, and re
turning will leave at the conclusion of the
entertainment. For the accommodation of
Oaklanders, a boat will leave Tiburon at
10:30 o'clock. All the beats from Tiburon
will i"- special excursion steamers and
only carnival tickets will be accepted for
the passage.
Although first interest attaches to the
dcci rations of the arks, yachts and other
craft, the houses <>n the hillside will lend
effect to the brilliant picture. A dome has
been raised above one house and its out
lines will be marked with tiny electric
lights. Another ' design shows a huge
windmill, which will stand out boldly in
full view of all. Lanterns have long since
been at a premium, countless thousands
being used.
The music by the Third United States
Artillery band and by the male chorus of
fifty voices, led by Frank "W. Thompson,
should be heard to marked advantage.
The band will render ■ ■•■••r d selections
before the assembling of the illuminated
boats. v\ hen the boat,* are in position the
island and the cove will be illuminated
with red fire. The boats will then go out
to meet the Dog of Venice, and after
suitable greetings escort him in. His
barge will be anchored in the cove and
then will come the espousal of the sea th.>
incident about which the carnival ' has
been built. The review of illuminated
boats and launches !by the judges will
follow;, the band rendering appropriate
selections throughout. The announcement
of the prize awards will be made by W
Fred Knapp. ■ .■ "
An artistic programme, profusely illus
trated with views of Belvedere and yachts
and yachtsmen, has been prepared by the
committee. ;
The cove is thoroughly sheltered from
!£ c *£ g whic^ usual ii: sweeps in through
the Golden Gate. The presence of fog
in this city should not deter persons from
attending the carnivaL •
The California Northwestern Railway
Company will honor tickets to Tiburon
on all its boats this afternoon Persons
invited to view the spectacle from private
homes In Belvedere can thus avail them
selves of the opportunity of going over
on an early boat. *
KID M'PARTLAND WINS
FROM OTTO SEILOFF
The Men Box Twenty-Five Rounds in
New York, but a Decision Is
Given by the Referee.
NEW YORK. Sept.ls.-Kid McPartland
of this city defeated Otto Seiloff of Chi
cago in a twenty-five-round bout at catch
weights before the Broadway Athletic
Club to-night. Seiloff was the heavier of
the two men by some eight or ten pounds
Selloff depended a great deal on right
swings, many of which landed effectively <
but the Kid offset these with hard left *
labs and frequent swings on face and '
body. In the fourteenth round McPart- !
land floored Seiloff with a left swing on <
the jaw and the bell saved the Western •
man from being counted out In the '
twenty-fourth round, with a succession of '
jabs, the Kid drew the blood from Seil- '
off' nose and mouth and weakened him I
with a few . heavy body blows. During '
the latter half of the fight it was plain
that Seiloff would come out second best I
In the final round McPartland swung j
heavily, landing frequently on Selloff's
head, but the latter lasted the limit and
at the finish both were weak. McPart
land got the decision.
■ ♦ «
To Test the Law.
Special Revenue Apent Burt M. Thorn- j
as anked United States Attorney Coombs ;
to take the mcessary letral st.^ps to test !
the recent decision of United States Com- j
missioner Heacock to the effect that the '
proprietors of theater buildings, and not !
the lessees, must pay the war tax of $100 !
per annum on theaters. A teat case will I
be prepared early in the week.
A Fight at the Chutes.
A reproduction of : the Jeffries-Fltz-
Eimmons fight In Its entirety will be shown
at the Chutes to-night. .The pictures are
said to be very clear and distinct.
■» » '
I Send the SUNDAY CALL to |
>z your friends abroad — wrapped <*
sv ready for mailing, 5c per copy. »
BROODED OVER
A MURDER AND
LOST HIS MIND
Pitable Condition of
Eugene O'Rourke.
IS HOPELESSLY INSANE
AFTERMATH OF THE McMANTJS
SWEENEY KILLING.
Rather Than Testify at the Trial He
Leaves the City and Is Beaten by
the Murderer After His
Return.
Eugene O'Rourke. a shoe clerk, is locked
■ up in a padded cell In the Receiving Hos
! pital pending an examination as to his
; sanity. Yesterday morning O'Rourke,
1 who was armed with a revolver, visited
! the County Clerk's office, and as his ac
tions denoted that he was crazy he was j
taken to the insane ward and there con- j
flned.
O'Rourke, it is claimed, lost his reason ;
through brooding over the killing of Mc
j Manus, "the Gossoon," who was shot to ;
'.death by Charley Sweeney, the baseball i
■ player, some years ago. The unfortunate
; man was sleeping off the effects of a pro
i tracted debauch in the upper room of a
j saloon where the shooting took place, and
J did not learn of the killing until informed
iby a friend of the victim. It is said that
Sweeney endeavored to influence
O'Rourke to take the stand in his behalf,
and becoming alarmed he left the city.
Sweeney was convicted of the crime and ■
I sent to the penitentiary for seven years.
[ O'Rourke brooded over the murder, and .
it was noticed that his mind was becom
; ing Impaired.
Several months ago he met Sweeney in
| a saloon near the City Hall and attempted
to shake hands with him. The ex-ball
player, after roundly abusing him for not
appearing at the trial, struck him on the
jaw, knocking him out. O'Rourke subse
■ quently informed one of Chief Lees' men
of the occurrence, and he advised him to
i report the matter to Captain Spillane. The !
1 latter told O'Rourke to be on the alert,
j as Sweeney, when under the influence of
liquor, was quarrelsome and was likely to
wreak further vengeance on him.
Fearing that Sweeney was determined
to kill him, O'Rourke purchased a re
volver, determined to defend himself
against any further attack by the mur
derous ball player. The murder of "The I
Gossoon," coupled with the beating he i
had received at the hands of Sweeney,
greatly worried O'Rourke, and his rela
tives feared that his mind was giving way
! under the heavy strain.
■ Yesterday morning he went to the Coun- !
ty Clerk's office, and after complaining of •
i severe pains in his head asked for a doc
tor. He was promptly taken in charge
and removed to the insane ward of the
j Receiving Hospital.
Last night he was visited by several of
his relatives, who, tearing that he might
i injure somebody, are anxious to have him
committed to one of the asylums for the
insane. .. The surgeons at the hospital be
lieve that he is hopelessly insane.
NEW GOLF CHAMPION
OF THE UNITED STATES
Willie Smith of the Midlothian Club
of Chicago Captures the
Honor.
BALTIMORE, Sept. 15.— The open golf
championship of the United States was
won to-day by Willie Smith 01 tne Mid
lothian Club, Chicago, with a total for
the 72 holes of 315 strokes, after two days
of the hardest kind of play. Bo superior
was Smith's work that he led his nearest
opponents, Val Fitzjohn, George Low and
W. H. Way, who were all tied for second
place, by eleven strokes, while Willie An
derson, wno at the end of the first day's
play stuud at the head, was fifth, with
ATi. Jack Park of Orange, N. J., was sixth
with 32«; the new champion's brother,
Alec Sn th, was seventh, and Harry Gui
iane eiyliili, the two hitter being &>u iind
331 respectively. These <.-igat men all re
ceived money prizes, whne the champion
in addition was k,s y en a gold medal and
the en the < baxapionship cup for
a year, the three men tied for second
place dividing the money. The rest of
. eld waa .strung out behind, with the
amateur champion, Herbert M. Harri-
Bwn, well up to the leaders.
The play during the two days was with
out doubt the best ever seen in this coun
try, and Smith's 315 is a new mark for
the open event, being thirteen strokes
better than that made by Herd a T Myo
pia last year. No less than five men ex
ceeded Herd's score of 328. Still, the
Myopia course was larger than the Bal
timore, which no doubt accounted for
some of the differences, but it certainly
did not apply to the present champion.
Willie is a Canoustee man, like
his brother Alec, and through the 72 holes
he made very few mistakes. His game
is not as brilliant as others. notaWy An
derson's, but it has the "get there" gait
thai keeps him safe in the lead.
Of the three men tied for second place,
George *I»w of Brooklyn played the most
brilliant game, while Way showed the
most consistent golf, although Fitzjohn
made very even scores. None played bo
surely as did Willie Smith, and at the end
of the morning round it looked as if Low
was out of the race entirely. He re
deemed himself by a fine 76 in the after
noon, and much to the surprise of every
one led Anderson at the finish. The latter
seemed unable to keep up the fast pace
which he developed during the first day,
and this year was a repetition of two pre
vious contests when he led the field at
that time by one or two strokes. Strange
ly as it seemed to his admirers. Anderson
was utterly unable to put to-day, ordi
narily the strong part of his game, while
his approaches failed to land dead, as
they did in nearly every cose during the
firSt day's playing.
PORTUGUESE UNION.
Preparations for the Grand Council at
Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ. Sept. 15.-Arrangements
have been completed for the Grand Coun
cil of the Portuguese Union which meets
here the week beginning October 2.
The delegates will be received on their
arrival with a band. The next day they
will attend mass at the Catholic church.
Father McNomfie will be the celebrant
and Father Guverno of Centerville will
preach the sermon.
Discovery of Life Plant.
Science has discovered a plant so full of
!lf> that If one 'f its leaves be broken off arvl
merely pinned to a warm wall another plan;
will grow from it. It is these same vitalizing
principles which enable Hostetter's Stomach
Bitters to arouse to life and duty trie over
worked stomach, the weak blood and sluggish
liver. Th? sufferer from dyspepsia or any
etomach trouble needs Hostetter's Stomach
Bitters. S*e that a private Revenue Stamp
covers f he neck of the bottle.
1 2 visit DR. JORDAN'S great , i
f MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
# CB -«i^2rsrsT.te:.e-.ii:th. :.r.Ci:.
i T Cf Thel*rjre»t Anatomical Museum hi the
M' * _^L_ World. . Weakne»»ej cr *ny contncted :
(KSS^ dis-if p«-«i«i»«-ly mrediiy thf oldeit
9 *RS 31 bpxciaiiitru ih« Co*it Eit36yeirv ( )
4 jSS^J 08. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES t
A F^sWß Con«ull3lion frre and stri't!y prirate
Q I J&i&L B T " " menl l>«'*<' nili y " r l>y letter. A ,
:\fl •# I '** ''"■'" Cure in " t! case undertaken. '
11;/ lift Write for Bock. PHILOSOPHY «fi
▼• 11 I} 't MIIIKIACB, HAILED FREE. (A I
id t* valuable book for tern) ... 4
OR. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. F. ¥
S. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
I 02oki:arxymt EstablSsbed
mla 1854 / or the treatment of Private
a Diseases. iLost Manhood. Debility or
Ift disease wearing on body an d mind and
m Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
H others fail. Try him. Charges lov.
ICurriKnaraDlrt'd. Callorwrite.
„ _ KJLBBOIT, Box 18i?7. S%aFiiM<Mi9.
HOT POLITICS AND
COLD POISON MIXED
MANY FISH ABE KILLED IN
THE GUADALUPE CREEK.
Santa Clara People Agitated Over
What They Assert Is a Plot to
Prevent Issuing Bonds.
A perplexing case of poisoning fish has
been called to the attention of the Fish
and Game Commissioners, who at once
sent Professor Scofield of Stanford to in
vestigate. The report was received from
a prominent member of the Santa Clara
sportsmen's association that a large
number of dead fish had been found on
the banks of Guadalupe Creek near the
town of Santa Clara. Professor Scofield
made a careful investigation of the
streams running from the Lick paper
mills and the Eberhardt tannery, but as
both institutions had been emptying their
refuse into streams flowing 'into the
Guadalupe for many years and no in
jurious effects had been observed the
cause was evidently not there. Most of
the dead fish were found near where ihe
Santa Clara sewer empties into the
stream. However, good healthy fish wen
found above and below the mouth of the
sewer, which perplexed the scientist not
a little.
_____ ADVERTISEMENTS.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY,
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of /£iw^^
Very small and as easy
to take as sugar.
SEE prciSSSK see
GENUINE frog, 111 SSLISSSI: genuine
H P'LLS FOR COMSTIPATIOH.
WRAPPER-- \jM—M % " for sallow skim. WRAPPFR
" fiArr£fi jgfeßl ,rCRTHECG^LEXIOH * KAITIIK
25 Carts I Pnrely VegetafclOv/^C^^^^Wd.
"PRINTED OIsT RED F.A.FER"
I Will. Give $1000
>ae?&!§!l§^& > v V * f aii io cure an Z
jßaßvK*^?-^- CANCER or tumor I
irSSr TKssM^"" Ifc_ treat before it scat- j
ntsy s ** 'iSSV tcr;i or affects the
y£g ~~~ ;^^OT^k ■ "bs or other
f /*msi± a»f^. Wfsk ni^ c
l®^- f^^ sflil No Pain !
\ (P^r^Bgsag|^ * r jence. 1000 cancers
V =^* Jl now in my offices in
\ jf I alcohol. I.adyattend-
jictS; yM^^fr t &nt. A hard
ia&' s^--' ** tumor on the lip
j^^l_^ ':"j^iMal or anywhere is
In a
WOMAN'S BREAST IS CANCER
If large always poisons the glands in armpit,
where cure is almost impossible.
Y~ BOOK SENT FREE . ; ;
With symptoms addresses and testimonials of
thousands cured in California. Write them.
S. R. CHAMLEY, H. D., 25 Third St., S. F.
LITTLE PALACE SANITARIUM
SEND THIS to some one WITH CANCER, j
RAILROAD TRAVFX.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
lAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Firry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, »:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:85,
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at I:s*
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 ft. m. ; 1:30. 3:i\
8:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
8:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
l:£o and 6:85 p. m.
BUNDAYS— B:IO, *:«. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 8:49, 6:06,
1:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave i Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect I San Francisco. J
- j April 16, j ■ 1
Week Sun- 1»99. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination, j days, j Days. ;
f:3O am. 8:00 am Novato, jlOMOam 8:40 ara
$:30 pin, 9:30 am' Petaluma, : 1:06 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa K'j£a. I 7:35 pm 6:20 pm,
Fulton.
7 40 am Windsor. 10:25 aa»
'■ ' Healdsburg;,
Lytton,
Oeyservllle,
8:80 pm 8:00 am Qloverdal*, 7:35 pm 6:20 prn
T:IO am i Hopland and ■ 10:23 am
8:30 pm 8:00 am Ukiah. I 7:35 pm[ 6:20 pa
T:SO *m| 10:25 am
8:00 am Onernerllle. T:BS pm
8:30 pm I 1:20 pa
1:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
1:10 pm 5:09 pmj Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pra
T:80 am 8:00 ami Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
_I:W pm 5:00 pm. ! 7:16 pm 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Roea for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttca
for Lytton Springs; at Oeyserville for Skagga
Springs; at C'overdale for the Geysers;. at Hop- ,
land for Duncan Springe, Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy ;
Eprlnga, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
pell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Llerley*s, !
BuckneU's, Sanhedrln Heights, Hullvtlle, !
Boonevllle, Phllo, Christine, Soda Spring*. ■
Kavarro, Whltesboro, Albion, Little River,
Orr'» Hot Springs, Mendoclno City. Fort Brags;,
Westport, Usal, WUlltts, Laytonville, Cum- I
tiling's, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, '
Bcotla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point* *
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 880 Market st.. Chronicle bid*.
H. C. WHITING, , R. X RYAN,
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent. :
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via SaueaUt* F«rry.
Commend . ember 1. 1899.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO, •8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m. ;
•14.". 3:20. 4:00. 5:15. '6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, .on Monday?, Wednesdays, Saturdays !
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *9:00. '10:00. 11:00. 11:30
a. m. : 1:00. '1:46, »2:30. »4:00. 5:30. 6:4. , p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Raf'l Sundays.
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK: DAYS— 6:2S. *«:! r ', 7:56, 8:40, *10::0
a. in.: 12:30. 2:13, *3:40, 4:35. 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m. . •
SUNDAYS— 7 :OO, •8:00; -9:45, '10:45, 11:45
a. m. 1:00, 2:20, '3:30, .'3:15. »6:00. 7:00, 10:15
p. m.
Trains marked '•> run to Ran Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAY?-5:45. 6:50. 7:53. 8:55. 10:35
a. m.: 12:35. 2:4.". 4:55. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 1 7 :0",. 10:20 p. m. %
SUNDAY?— B:OO, 10:00, 11:10 a. m. 12:05,
1:20, 2:40. 3:55. 5:30. 6:30, 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
3:20 p. m. — Cazadero and way sta'r.s.
8:0-j a. m Sundays — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Sundays — Ft. Reyes and way sta'ns.
■ I
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY, April 23. 1539.
WEEK DAYS. 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m. j
Extra trip on Monday, Wednesday ar.d Satur-
day at > 5:15 p. m.. Returning Same Eren- •
Ing, arriving In San Francisco at 11:20 ■
p. m. •
SUNDAYS. 8, 9, 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45. 2:3»
and 4 p. rm.
Fare S. F. to Summit and Return. SI 40. ;■.-*>• 1
Tans. COOK & BON. AKts 621 Market st, ' I
I Yesterday Professor Scofield returned to
I the city and made a report to the com
i mission on a condition of affairs from
i which may be concluded that there le a
! political nigger in the Santa Clara wood
, pile. In the first place the city of Santa
! Clara is talking of issuing bonds for the
i construction of a gas plant, the pr.
being to save paying a high price for its
light to the gas company of San Jose.
This has been attempted several times.
but or each occasion the cry was raised
that the sewer of the smaller town should
be attended to first and the burden of two
improvements would be too heavy. Upon
i each occasion in substantiation or the ar
> g-ument dead fish supposed to have been
I poisoned by the sewer have been found
| near the outlet of the Santa Clara drain
i age.
It is openly asserted and even published
in the little town that designing and inter
parties have willfully poisoned the
: wat< rs of Guadalupe 'Creek, kill'ng the
: fish so as to divert attention from the
I question of bonding for a gas plant to the
reconstruction of the sewer system. Prof.
S-oiield holds aloof from all 'political dis
cussion of the question and reports his
conclusions from a scientific standpoint,
i which are these: First, a large quantity
! of fish was kijled; second, that the agent
i was poison; third, that it is unlikely that
i the poison came from either the tannery
1 or paper mill refuse, and last, there be
! ing plenty of healthy live fish below the
scw< r from Santa Clara it is doubtful
i that the poison originated in the natural
' refuse carried by the sewer and he poi
llke the pawnbroker's fire, must have
been "set."
B.AILBOAD TRAVEL.
MCTHinx pacific com»Ajnr9
(PACIFIC 8»8TBK.)
Trains 'run- anil nrr tine to arrive »•'
KA> ISA Sl' I»*<».
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
leave — Feom August 2, 1339. — army»
7:00 a Eecicla, Sulsnn and Sacramento.... Bt43*
7:OOa MaryßTille, t)roTiiloaud Ueddicg tU '
1 Woodland 8:43p
7:00 a Elmira. VacaTllle and Ramsey 8:50p
TtS«A Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo. Naps,
Callstoea and Santa Ilosa CilSp
9:00 a Atlantic lixprcss, Ogden and East.. 9t134
»i:IOa San .lose, Uvermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento. Flacerrlile,
Marysrllle. Clilco. Ited Bluff «il.lf
BiSO* •Milton. Oakdaleand Sonora 4:10f
t>.-i>OA Yosrmite Valley via Oakdala and
ntllnwn *»IO»
•:OOa HnyiTanls, Niks and Way Buttons. 1 It***
»:O«a Martinez, Trocy, Lathrop, Ktocktcn,
Merced and Fresno. I*il3»
MO« Fresno, >>akerslie!d Banta Barbara,
Los Acgelea, Demise; £1 Paso,
New Orleans and East 6i4Sp
I0:0Oa Vail ejo, Martinez and Way Stations ?:43r
II:OOa Haywards. Niles and Way Stations. *i4S*
12:00 m Niles, Livermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Haniord, Vlsalla,
Pcrterrille 4i15»
»l:oftp Sacramento Hirer Steamers *B>oop
8:00? Haywards. Kilt* and Way Stations. Bi«*r
4iOOp Martinez, Ban ittxou, Vallejo,
Napa. l'»M*»nis«, SauU Rosa 9ilBa
4iovr Beu'.cia, VacaTiUn, Sacramento, ".'--
V.'oodlaniJ. Knights LaivUag,
MarysTUlo, OroTills 10:45*
4tBOr Nile*. Ban Joseand Stockton 7il3r
4:30p Tosemlte Sleeping Car for Raymond 18:13
Si<KtrThe O-»L Tracy. Fretno. Bakers-
■ ■. Sj -. field, Saogus for Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles. «>4Ba
SjSOp Stockton. Merced, Fresno 18:15*
StSOp Martinez, Tracy, Mundota, Fresno,
MojaTo and Jam Angeles 8»4Ba
4iB»p Santa Io Uonte, Atlautlo Express
for Moja»e and East •>43p
•100 p Chicago-San Frandsoo Special, Ogdea
and Host 8i(I0»
6:OOp Hajwar'la, Niles acd Han Josa 7i4aA
•fljOOp Vaflejo I2:I8r
|7:0 Op Vailejo, Port CosU and Way Sta-
tions :9:33»
8:63p Oregon I'xprces. Sacramento. Marys.
ville. Ue.Mlns, Portland, l'uget
HoniKlaiiil Ila-8t Biia^
COAST DIVISION (Narrow Ga«g«).
, (Foot of Market Street.) •
u {7i4Sa Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Crux and Principal Way Stations JBiO3»
Si 13 a Newark. Or tort ::!..-. San Jose, Fel ton.
Bon! Creek. Santa Cruz and Way
Stations oi3«r
•»«I»F Newark, Cectcrrllle. Ban Jose, New
Almsuen. Futon, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
■} Stations *I*iB«a
4ilBp Sao Jose, Ulenwood and Way Bta-
tious. oi2oa
MilSpTelt- Santa Cnu and Way Sta-
tions /Biao*
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIS mSJCISCO-rcot of Ktrk«t Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9KX) 11.-00 a.ii. tl=oo *2:00 t3:C3
•i:00 »E:CO *6:3Qp.M.
rrtmOmUD— #f Broidwir.— '6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
| tI2:00 '1:03 ta:C3 «3:C3 tl:00 »g:C3f.ii.
COAST DIVISION (Broad Gauge). ,
■ (Third and Townaend Sta.)
•S:1Oa Ocean View, South San Francifco.. •37555
•?:OOa San Jose ami Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) *8:OOa
17i8wa Snnday Excursion for Santa Crux,
I'uclns GroTe and Principal Way
Stations J9t33f
•■OOa San Jose, Tres Plnos, Banta Cruz, '
Faci&o GroTe. Paso Robles, San
I.vis Obispo, Surf. Lompoc atxl
Principal Way fiiatlftns 4il«p
lOi4Oa San Jose and Way Ktatiou* 6:3.1*
11:30 a San Jose and Way Stations liSOy
*Bi43r San Mateo, Redwood, Meclo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San Jose.
Uolllster, Santa Cruz. Balinaj,
Monterey and Pacific Grove '10:36*
*BtBOr San Jose, Santa Cruz, Pacino Gtot«
and Principal Way Stations *7tSor
•4ilsp San Jose anil Principal Way Station* 9:43*
•3:00 San Jose and Principal Way Stations *8:33
8:30 Baa Jose and Principal Way Stations *0:O0*
6:UOp San Jose and WayStatlons 3:30r
tlliir>p San Jose ami Way Stations :7:30p
A for Morning. P for Afternoon. i
! * Sunday excepted. t Sunday only. t Saturday only.
I Saturday and Sunday. / Sunday and Monday.
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERT DAT IX THE TEAR PULLMAN
■ PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE}
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:30 P. M.
; DINING-ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR.
: FRED HARVEY, AND ARE PERFECT IX
EVERY DETAIL, SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
RATES.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANT IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE, 621
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE MAIN 15JL
OAKLAND OFFICE, 111S Broadway. -
SACRAMENTO OFFICE, SOI J Street.
SAN JOSE OFFICE. 7 W. Santa Clara st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIIJ
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. -\ 1599. trains will run as follows;
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. I Mixed, Passen-
ger. I Sunday j Stations. - Sunday ger.
i Daily. j Exc'ptd^ Exc'ptd Dally.
1 7:10 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pmj 6:00 prn
9:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am 5:33 pra Fresno ! 9:30 am 2:42 pm
11:3* am 7:4.'> pm| Hanford- 7:45 am 1:45 pm
2:25 pmjl!:3o am Bakersfleld 2:00 am!ll:00 am
11:59 ami 6:25 pm| Visalja . 6:40 am 1:22 pm
12:15 pm ; 6:53 pm Tulare , 5:50 am) 1:06 pni
Stopping at Intermediate points as required
For particulars of stage and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Department, W. Market st.
pan Fra"'*'?"*
910
COMMERCIAL AND
FINANCIAL NEWS
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Cereal markets continue excessiivly dull.
No change in Silver or Exchange.
Beans and Seeds nominal and neglected.
Hay and Feedstuff s quiet at previous prices.
Potatoes and Onions about the same.
Vegetables continue plentiful and cheap.
No change in Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Poultry market still low and dull.
Game scarce and bringing fancy quotations.
Wine Grapes beginning to boom under reports of a short crop.
Apples and Lemons higher. Other fruits uncluinged.
No further decline in Dried Fruit.
Large sale of Tulare Prunes reported.
Provisions fairly active and unclianged.
Brisk demand for Hides and Tallow.
Nothing new in Wool and Hops.
Hogs lower at last. Other Meats tmcJianged.
Coal market in strong condition.
Charters.
The Edward May loads pipe and maontnery
for Honolulu.
The City of Adelaide loads redwood at Eu
reka for Sydney on owner's account; Bertie
Minor, redwood at Eureka for Honolulu: H. C. !
Wright, fertilizer at Kllllenoo for Kahulul; W.
H. Macy, "lumber on the Sound for Delagoa \
Bay. 65»; Una. lumber at Gray's Harbor for j
Altata.
The Manchester loads wheat at Taooma or
Europe, Sss; Nock, wheat at Portland for Eu
rope, 355; Powts Castle, flour at Portland for
Europe, 3Ss 9d.
British Columbia Salmon Pick.
The R. P. Rlthet Company, limited. Victoria.
B. C, rives the total of British Columbia
Salmon pack for 1899 as follows:
Cases.
Fraser River ?S?'ss?
Skeena River KK.eOJ
Rivers Inlet W.Ojg
fs'aas River W.OOO
Lowe Inlet 10.000
Alert Bay B.WO
West Coast. V. I ....Vi 4.000
Total 679.600
*,$o * 496.629
wn :::::::::::::::::::: ».«».«"
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.) '
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 15, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka 74 San Diego 6*
Fresno 00, Sacramento 90
Los Angeles 7S Independence T &
Red Bluff 92 Yum »»
San Luis Oblspo 72
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
C 2; minimum, 50; mean, 56.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen rapidlr over the south
ern half of the Pacific slope. It has fallen
slightly over Washington and Vancouver
Island." There has been a sharp fall In tem
perature over the valley of the Colorado. In
the Sacramento and San Joaquln valleys the
temperature continues favorable for fruit dry-
Ing. Maximum temperatures exceeding 90 de
grees are reported generally from the lntrlor
of California-
Conditions are favorable for fair, warmer
■weather In the interior and fop along the coast
Light showers have fallen in Utah and a thun
derstorm Is reported at Cedar City.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. September 16, 1599:
Northern California— Fair Saturday; continued
warm weather in th» interior, with light north
erly winds; brisk westerly winds on the coast,
■with fog.
Southern California— Fair Saturday; warmer
In the interior; light westerly winds.
Nevada Fair Saturday; warmer in the south
ern part.
Utah— Fair Saturday, warmer In the southern
part.
Arizona — Fair, warmer Saturday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Sautrday,
■with fog in the morning and at night; brisk
wseterly winds; fair at Belvedere.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
KKW YORK. Sept. There was pressure
to Fell Brooklyn Transit and St. Paul from
the outset to day. Brooklyn Transit occupied
the center of the stage all day. The dealings
In this stock were on an enormous scale and
the amount thrown overboard on the decline
mad* the fact of inside liquidation obvious.
The bears, of courFe, were also very active In
this stock ana occasional covering by this
element afforded the nnly effective check to
downward plunges of the stocks. There seemed
to be no support accorded at all until it had
touched 60. l'r m that stage there were oc
casional checks ami rallies before It touched
the extreme low point at 86%. After a final
rally to 88, it closed again under pressure at
a net losa of 6\. The other members of the
Flower group did not develop any keen sym
pathy until late in the day, when People's Gas,
Federal Stee: and Rock Island were down from
1% to 3 points. These stocks rallied some
what before the dose. Holders of St. Paul.
disappointed over yesterday's dividend action,
broke the price at the opening There was a
subsequent recovery of practically all the loss
and the whole railroad list moved up nearly
to last night's level, in a manner to suggest
the inauguration of an influential buying
movement. The appearance of strength was
increased by a brisk demand for the coalers
which rose from 1 to 3%. The upward move
ment came to an abrupt end before noon
when Brooklyn Transit. Sugar and the West
ern grangers generally, led by St. Paul fell
away by rapid degrees. St. Paul dropped to
129% and ruled below 130 for the rest of the
day. Except in a few Isolated cases, there
was no subsequent demonstration of strength
The clewing was irregular at net losses through
out. The depression on foreign stock markets
had some effect here, the drop to the low
point in St. Paul coming close upon the an
nouncement of the weakness in British con
sols. The apprehension of an unfavorable bank
statement to-morrow had its effect in the late I
break. Preliminary estimates indicate that
the banks have lost during the week by ship- '
ments to the interior and by Sub-Treasury I
operations over $5,000,000. Without taking ac
count of the reduction of deposit liabilities by
reason of the week's loan contraction this
would Indicate a fall in bank reserves to a
level of about 500.000 below the legal limit
bo that the loan contraction must have pro
ceeded to the extent at least of $14,000,000 in
order that the legal reserve should be pre
served intact and loans must have been re
duced as much as $24,000,000, in order to pre
vent a decrease from last week's small sur
plus reserve of less than $2,500,000. The quiet
tone of the money market during the latter
part of the week Indicates clearly that the
banks are within their legal reserve limit
Whether this la due to the fact that the
loan* have been reduced or whether there has
been a supply of cash from hidden sources
and not reflected In the known movement
■will be revealed by to-morrow's statement.
Foreign houses have loaned money during the
■week which was presumably borrowed in Lon
don for the purpose. This operation may have
gone further than has been suspected.
The bond market moved in sympathy with
etocks, "but changes as a rule were not large
Total sales, par value, $1,495,000.
United States new 4s coupon and th» f 8
tdveiued V« In the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares At Closing
Bold. Stocks— Bid.
5.200 Atchison 20%
14,550 Atchison prefd 63
1.250 Baltimore & Ohio 51%
100 Canadian Pacific 93
Canada Southern 62
300 Central Pacific 57%
950 Chesapeake & Ohio 27%
8,600 Chicago Great Western 14*
22.451 Chicago Burlington & Quincy..;.-..131%
200 Chicago Ind & Louisville 9
Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 41
800 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 90
1.000 Chicago ft Northwestern.. 167
12,675 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific..... 114*4
660 C C C ft St Louis 66%
3,650 Colorado Southern 4%
1,063 Colorado Southern first prefd 43%
472 Colorado Southern second prefd 15
2,368 Delaware & Hudson ■ 122
1,662 Delaware Lackawanna & Western.. 180
» Denver & Rio Grande 219*
1.000 Denver A Rio Grande prefd 75%
Erie 1314
500 Erie first prefd 37
830 Great Northern prefd 164
800 Hocking Coal 17%
Hocking Valley .- 34%
1,280 Illinois Central 113%
lowa Central 134
lowa Central prefd 65
1,370 Kansas. City Ptttsburg & Gulf 9 "
i Lake Erie & Western 19
1 Lake Erie A Western priefd 79
i Lake Shore .... v r: 202
9.050 Louisville & Nashville 794
<0.750 Manhattan Elevated 113 7 /»
8,288 Metropolitan Street Railway 205% i
1,410 Mexican Central 15%
300 Minneapolis A St Louis 73%
Minneapolis A St Louis prefd 94 '
8.050 Missouri Pacific 46* ;
200 Mobile A Ohio 45
100 Missouri Kansas A Texas 12%
8,400 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.... 404 ■
2,400 New Jersey Central 118%
4.200 New York Central 136% :
2.010 Norfolk & Western 24% '
1,400 Norfolk & Western prefd 69% !
5,300 Northern Pacific 634
1,467 Northern Pacific prefd 75% !
2,400 Ontario & Western 26 j
Oregon Railway & Navigation 43 I
Oregon Ry & Navigation prefd 76 |
3.250 Pennsylvania 131%
Pittsburg C C * St Louis 74
2,200 Reading 21 7
12.400 Reading first prefd 59% :
1.200 Reading second prefd SI 1 *
Rio Grande Western 37%
100 Rio Grande Western prefd 81 |
St Louis & San Francisco 11
St Louis & San Fran first prefd 68
St Louis A San Fran second prefd. 35%
350 St Louis & Southwestern 15
2. 610 St Louis & Southwestern prefd 35
60,150 St Paul 12914
100 St Paul prefd 1774
400 St Paul A Omaha 118 I
13.120 Southern Pacific 36%
1,400 Southern Railway 12% !
2,690 Southern Railway prefd 62%
200 Texas & Pacific 1&4 i
6,100 Union Pacific 44%'
5,200 Union Pacific prefd 76% ,
.- Wabash 7% I
1.030 Wabash prefd 21% i
2,150 Wheeling & Lake Erie 12
200 Wheeling & Lake Erie second prefd 29
380 Wisconsin Central 17
Express Companies—
Adams 115
American 147
United States 50
Wells Fargo 132
Miscellaneous^- '•
1.200 American Cotton Oil 43% !
American Cotton Oil prefd....; 93% 1
1,010 American Malting I.M,
300 American Malting prefd. 66% .
300 American Smelting & Refining 39% '
700 American Smelting 4: Refining prefd 884
American Spirits ;,-l
American Spirits prefd SO* ;
4.C25 American Steel Hoop 42% '
200 American Steel Hoop prefd 854 I
4,700 American Steel & Wire 54% 1 :
950 American Steel & Wire prefd 97 I <
1,270 American Tin Plate 40% | !
American Tin Plate prefd 564 <
20,210 American Tobacco 126% 1
American Tobacco prefd....; 143% 1
1.425 Anaconda Mining Co f,r^ '
265,757 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 87% ]
7.270 Colorado Fuel & Iron 61 ' 1
3,560 Continental Tobacco 43%' 1
775 Continental Tobacco prefd 83%; 1
21.189 Federal Steel .....; 65%
3,099 Federal Steel prefd 79% >
200 General Electric 122% 1
625 Glucose Sugar 62% ',
Glucose Sugar prefd 10s
1,710 International Paper 29 1 1
1.070 International Paper prefd 76 | ,
1,475 Laclede Gas 55 1
300 National Biscuit 45 ,
National Biscuit prefd 101% ' .
500 National Lead 29% !
National Lead prefd no !
1,200 National Steel 12%
200 National Steel prefd '■:■-'. '
300 New York Air Brake '.ICO I
2,600 North American i^si I
3,200 Pacific Coast ...'. 49% ! '
Pacific Coast first prefd 84' i :
450 Pacific Coast second prefd :. R*U, '
&00 Pacific Mall ;... 41 :
23,280 People's Gas 11354
400 Pressed Steel Car .., 58 '
450 Pressed Steel Car prefd 90% ! '
470 Pullman Palace Car 16414 1
3,950 Republic Iron & Steel 284
136 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 731*. '
1,122 Standard Rope & Twine 6% ; '
28,682 Sugar n S &Z
Sugar prefd ".!" 117%
8,055 Tennessee ■ Coal 4 Iron ngu
13.050 United States Leather ' 12 ' '
7,000 United States Leather prefd 75% '
1,452 United States Rubber 4$&Z I
740 United States Rubber prefd 115
400 Western Union 89
708,500 Shares told.
CLOSING BONDS.
D S 2s reg 100% M X & T 2ds 71
Do 3s reg 10S4: Do 4s 9374
Do Ss coup...;, 106*4 NYC lsts 111% i
Do new 4s reg. ...130 IN J C gen 5s 121% i
Do new 4s c0up. .1304 No Carolina 6s. 130
Do old 4s reg 111% Do 4s 1044
Do old 4s coup... 113 No Pacific lsts.... 113
Do os reg 111% Do 3* 66% ;
Do 5s coup 111%; Do 4s 10334 i
Dlst of Col 3.655... 117 N V C & St L 45. .108 '
Ala class A 109% N & W con 4s 95% '
Do class B 109 j Do gen 6s 135 ;
Do class C 108 Or Nay lsts 1134 i
Do.currency 100 : Do 4s 102%
Atchlson gen 45. ..102% Or Short Line 65.. .128
Do adj 4s 86 I Do con 5b 113% 1
Can So 2ds.. 109% Reading gen 45.... 87% !
Ches & Ohio 445.. 96% ROW lsts 98%
Do 5s 1184 ! St L& I M con 65. 113%
Chi & N con 7s ...145 St L& S F gen 65. 1244
Do S F deb 65.. 120 St Paul cons 173%
Chi Term 4s 96 St P C A P Ist*.. 121 '
D A R G lsts 1064 D o6s 121
Do 4s 99% So Railway Gs 109%
E T V A G 15t5. ...104 Stand R A T 65... 87 ,
Erie gen 4s 71% Term new set 35... 95
FW & D C lsts... 74 Tex & Pacific lsts. lls
Gen Elec 5s 116 Do 2ds 57 j
GHAS A6s 108 U Pacific 4s 104% I
Do 2ds 108 Wabash sts 115% I :
H & T C 6s 11l , Do 2ds 100%
Do con 6s 11l West Shore 4a 113 M
lowa Cent lsts 116 iWls Central lsts... 77 j
X C P & O lsts... 71% Va Centuries 874-
La new con 4« 106 ; Do deferred 6
L A N uni 4s 99% C & 6 4s 86
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 40 Ontario 700
Crown Point 18 Ophlr 1 05 '
Con Cal A Va 1 65 Plymouth v
Deadwood 70 Quicksilver 2 00 !
Gould & Curry 26 Do prefd 750
Hale A Norcross... 27 Sierra Nevada 73
Homestake 65 00 Standard 2 90
Iron Silver 53 Union Con 40
Mexican 44 Yellow Jacket 25
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Union Land 5%
Call loans 4a*. West End 95
Time loans 4<Jrs Do prefd 113%
Stocka— Westinghs Elec... 47
Alch T ASt Fe... 204 Do prefd. 7. 68
Do prefd 62% Bonds—
Amer Sugar 148%, Atchlson 48 100
Do prefd 1« ; Mining Shares—
Bell Tele 359% Adventure 7%
Boston A Albany.. Allouez Mln C 0.... 6%
Boston El« 108% Atlantic 28%
Boston A Maine... Boston A Mont '340 j
Chi B & Q. 131% Butte 4 805t0n.... 81
Ed Elec 111.. ......205 Calumet & Hec1a..785 !
Fltchburg prefd. ..l2l Franklin 18% i
Gen E1ec..... 121 Humboldt 24
Federal Steel «65% Osceola 83&
Do prefd 79% Parrot ...46
M«x Central 16 Qnincy ... '155
Mich Tele 99% st Fe Copper.. ..'.'.'. 13
Old Colony. 208 Tamarack „ . 210 - I
Old Dominion...... M% Wlnoni : •■••««
Rubber 48 , \ Wolverines ".'.'.'.'.'.'.'. 45 I
Union Pacific 44 Utah 88%
London Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. 16.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets her* were gloomy to-day, the
Transvaal situation being regarded as
very serious. The close was at the lowest.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATTTRP AY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1899.
Americans were heavy. A slight rally oo
curred In the afternoon, but a final relapio
made last prices lowest. St. Paul was weak
est. Canadian Pacific slumped near the close.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Bept. 15.— Canadian Pacific, 67*4;
TTnion Pacific preferred, 79 ex-dlvldend; North
ern Pacific preferred, 78: Atchteon, 21. Bar sil
ver, steady; J7 3-16 d. Money, 2V* per cent.
Bradstreet's Financial Review.
NEW YORK, Sept. Bradstreet's finan
cial review to-morrow will Bay: . . .
Variations between strength and weakness In
the stock market have been more than usually
eharp during the last six days. A higher call
j loan market at the beginning of the week
caused heavy liquidation of public holdings of
j stocks and gave opportunity for successful bear
attacks by professional operators. The de
cline In prices thus brought about was checked,
however, by the somewhat better tone which
appeared In the call loan market on Wednes
day following the announcement that the Sec
retary of the Treasury would anticipate pay
ment of October interest on the 4 per cent
Government bonds, covering by the short In
terest, supplementing renewed bullish manipu
lation by the pools in several stocks thereupon
resulting In a general recovery throughout the
list. This lasted, however, only until Thursday
afternoon, when the fact that the St. Paul
directors made no Increase In the regular 2^
per cent semi-annual dividend on that stock,
as a part of the street had hoped they would,
resulted In renewed selling of the granger
stocks and some further losses in quotations
throughout the general lißt. On Friday the
unsettling factor was the continued weakness
of Brooklyn Rapid Transit, which, causing de
-1 clines in other stocks controlled by the same
| Interests, brought about a bearish close.
I The rise of call loan rates this week was, of
I course, foreshadowed by the bank statement of
last Saturday. The reduction of the bank re
serves to nearly the legal limit constituted
a notice that should demand for funds at the
Interior continue with anything like its re
cent volume the New York banks, In order to
meet it, would be obliged to reduce their out
standing call loans to the stock market. This
Is what has occurred this week, though the
extent to which banks and other lenders have
I called in loans was probably exaggerated. The
I general marking up of the rate of accommo-
I dation by bankers to brokerage houses to 6
: per cent and the hardening of the time loan
: figures to 6O6Vi per cent were natural and
; proper steps under the circumstances. Th»
quotations of as high as 9 per cent made for
; call loans at the Stock Exchange on Tuesday
'< and Wednesday would, however, represent to
■ some extent the temporary overanxlety of bor
; rowers and in a certain degree, also. the
■ manipulation of bearish speculative interests.
There was. in fact, no dearth of money, nor
! was the firmness In rates accompanied by any
j particular evidences of increased discrimina-
I tion In regard to the quality of collateral.
! Some further larger amounts of money are
said to have been loaned In the New York
market this week by Chicago Institutions, but
this assistance was not Important, and the
! quieting of money to a 6 per cent level was
| largely the result of the action referred to
i above taken by Secretary Gage, supplementing
I the discovery by the street that any acute
I fears on the score of stringency in money were
| premature. The decline in exchange rates,
i which was one of the results of the rise In In
terest, led to some discussion of the possibil-
I ity of gold Imports. It Is. however, generally
| concluded that at the present time a movement
j of that kind Is unlikely. Inasmuch as the sit
| uation in South Africa and the financial posi
tion at Berlin still Impose caution on the in
! ternational money markets and would produce
| resistance to any movement of specie to this
i country.
> *
Bradstreet's on Trade.
«— _ — (>
NEW YORK, Sept. 15.— Bradstreefs to-mor
row will say:
With comparatively little stock or other
speculative activity and with few strong new
features presenting themselves, the general
business of the country goes forward at a good
j pace and with unprecedented volume for- this
! period of the year. Fall trade activity would
1 appear to be at Its maximum. Judging from
j advices of activity and strength of demand
I reported alike from Western and Eastern mar
kets, and shared in also by most South At
lantic and interior Southern cities.- Yellow
fever at some Southern points, resulting In
quarantine regulations, has tended to restrict
business at a few markets, notably New
Orleans, while unfavorable crop and weather
conditions limit business at Galveston. Iron
and steel are quiet but very strong at the
East. Mast furnace reports show that cur
rent consumption and production are not far
apart, but production fails to show the ex
pansion looked for, and while current work
is at the rate of 14.000,000 tons per year, esti
mates of the year's production do not reach
much beyond 13.000,000 tons. The notable
strength In cereals this week Is shown In
corn, where paucity of old supplies leads to
the rumor of a September "squeeze." Little
seems to be noted in wheat, though the Gov
ernment report was temporarily stimulating.
Weather conditions are partly responsible for
the better demand for butter. Crude petroleum
is also stronger and leather and hides are
scarce and firm. Cotton is a shade lower on
the week, owing mainly to the failure of for
eign spinners to accept current Government
and other advices as to cotton crop conditions.
The strength of cotton goods is, however, not
able. Lumber retains all Its old strength and
some new buying Is responsible for present
advanced quotations at several centers. This
is true also of most building materials, with
the exception of brick, which Is rather weak
owing to reported over-production. Wool is
firm at all and higher at some markets, and
much Interest Is taken In the next London
[ wool sales. Woolen goods are strong, though
some manufacturers complain that the i ad
vance In raw material has outstripped the gain
in the .manufactured product. A number' of
mills are reported to have Instructed their
agents that their order books for spring de
i livery are filled.
Wheat. Including flour, shipments for the
week aggregate 4,000.000, against 4,453,906 last
week, 3,675.291 bushels in the corresponding
week of 1898: 6.289,948 bushels In 1897; 3,506,322
bushels In ISS6 and 2. .'53, 085 bushels In 1595.
Since July 1 this season the exports of wheat
aggregate 42,012,798 bushels, against 36,469,091
bushels last year and 44,602,700 bushels in
1897-98.
Business failures for the week number 149,
against 123 last week and 173 In this week a
year ago, and compared with 169 In 1897. 315
In 1896 and 218 In 1895.
Canadian failures number 24 for the week,
as compared with 21 last week, 20 In this
; week a year ago, 36 In 1897. 41 In 1896 and
j the same number In 1895.
Dun's Review of Trade.
NEW YORK, Sept. 16.— R. O. Dun tc Co.'s
weekly review of trade will say to-morrow:
Better than all other news the record of August
commerce shows the relation of United States
business to that of other countries. Exports
were $20,082,815 larger than ever before In Au
gust and exceeded imports by $37,929,699, partly
because exports of staples were $9,366,978 larger
than last year, but also because exports of
• ■tlirr products, mainly manufacturing, were
$10,349,000 larger than last year and larger than
any other month of any year. Fears that a
great advance In prices might shut off exports
of manufactured products have not been un
natural, and It is most gratifying to find such
exports continue and expand. The excess of
exports over Imports gives fair promise of as
large a balance in foreign trade to the benefit
of this country during the winter as has ever
been seen. That manufactured exports do not
fall oft*, but are larger than ever, is both sur
prising and gratifying. The volume of busi
ness now in progress has never been rivaled.
The great movement of grain, in wheat and
flour. Is a little larger than last year in Au
gust and In two weeks of September 8,!i20,273
bushels, flour included, from Atlantic ports,
against 5,423.076 last year, and from Pacific
ports 765.659 bushels, against 364,144 last year,
which is far more effective In preventing a
decline in prices than any official or unofficial
estimate of yield. Government reports indi
cate a wheat crop of only 616,000,000 bushels,
but last year the September report indicated
685 000,000 bushels and afterward the official re.
turns made it 676,000,000. One would not be sur
prised to see a like revision this year. The
price In spite of good exports, has fallen >4c.
For western receipts have been 18,669,456 bushels
in two weeks, against 14,663,895 last year, and
com exports 6,083,212 bushels, against 4,351.331.
The feeling Is not unreasonable that foreign
nei>ds are Just now well Indicated by the com
movement. At this season cotton shipments
are always small and hopes or fears rule the
market, but prices have declined during the
week l-16c, with a little less buying on foreign
account.
Extraordinary efforts to Increase the iron out
put failed in August, partly because the stop
page of a few large furnaces for repairs more
than balanced the addition of thirteen small
furnaces to the producing force and partly be
cause hot weather prevented full production
The reported outbreak. 367,335 tons, against
267,678 August 1, with a decrease of 22.847 in
unsold stocks, Indicates a consumption of 1,290,
--012 during the month. Purchases of 60,000 tons
of Bessemer and 20,000 of other Iron are re
ported, with an advance in Bessemer to $23 50
at Pittsburg, but quotations are wild because
of premiums paid for early delivery. Plates
at the East and common ban at Pittsburg are
II per ton higher and wire nails have .again
been advanced $3 per ton. Orders for plates
Include several for export and one for a vessel
on the Delaware River with one for \ enezuela
at Plttsburg, but many for all Jo™" 9 re
fused because the works are unable to nil tnem
In time 'and some orders of. much Importance
have been withdrawn at the West on account
of the delay unavoidable and the high prices
charged. . ■ . ■
The heavy sales of wool. 12.056,300 pounds for
the week and 21 282 100 for two weeks, against
36,629.400 In 1888, are largely due to heavy manu
facturing purchases at Boston, but there, as
elsewhere, the buying Is mostly based on ex
pectation that London sales . beginning next
Tuesday will show an important advance.
Prices here are stiff and the demand for woolen
goods of all sorts is strong. - . ..
Failures for the week have bten 149 '"the
United States, against 174 last year, and 32
In Canada, against 23 last year.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Sept. FLOUR-Reeeipts.
14,155; exports, 23,475. Inactive and about
steady. Minnesota patent. ;$3 Ss@4. ,
WHEAT— Receipts, 173.375; exports, 98.000.
Spot. firm. No. : 2 red. 74% cf. o. b. afloat:
spot No.. 1 Northern Duluth, 78%e f. o. b.
afloat to arrive, new; No. 1 hard Duluth,
81% cto arrive: No. 2 red,'72%c elevator. Op
tions opened quiet but steady at unchanged
prices, ruled a shade easier under cables and
large receipts, but rallied on covering follow
ing a better cash demand and closed steady
at an advance of He. January. 76% c, closed
76% c; May, 78 9-lß@7B 15- 16 c, closed 7S%c; Sep
tember, 72%Q>73%c, closed 73140; December,
76 9-16®75T(,c. closed 75% c. ". •
HOPS— Steady. ■ ' . .
HIDES— Firm. : • • .
WOOL— Firm.
METALS— Business locally was of a listless
nature with the metal market. Spelter sagged
five point* under increased offerings and a
withdrawal of buyers. The foreign and dot
mestic news contributed no Influence for or
against the market. At the close the Metal
Exchange called:
PlGlßON— Warrants dull and nominal at
117.
LAKE COPPER— Quiet at $18 50.
TIN— at *32 75. \ ,' .
LEAD— with $4 60 bid and 4C2^4 naked.
The brokers' price for lead Is U 40 and for
copper $18 50. „ „
SPELTER— Easy, with $5 » bid and $5 60
asked.
COFFEE— closed barely steady, un
changed to 6 points lower. Sales. tt.730 bags.
including: September, $4; October. ?4 15; De
cember, $4 40; March. U 60: May, $4 90; July,
$4 80; August, $4 85. Spot— Rio, dull and feat
ureless. Mild —
SUGAR— Raw. quiet. Refined— Quiet.
BUTTER— Receipts. 5466 packages. Western
creamery. 18@23c; June, creamery, 18Vi:@22c;
factory, 13#16c. . _
EGGS— Receipts. 7455 packages; strong. West
ern ungraded at mark, 13S16>ic.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
. California dried fruits, quiet.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 7%0;
prime wire tray, 7V6@Bc; choice, B%@9c; fancy,
9@9«-ic
PRUNES— B%<^B%c. .
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 12@lS%c; Moorpark, 14®
16c.
PEACHES— 7\®9o, new.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Sept. 15.— Wheat opened a trifle
lower than It closed yesterday. Th« decline
] in September was quite marked, but deferred
1 futures had some outside support and resisted ;
j the influence of the lower cables and heavy
) primary receipts, prices for over two hours
' holding close. to opening: quotations. The mar
j ket during that time, outside of the short j
' period of activity in September, was excep- |
j tionnlly dull. The strength of December was
mostly artificial, as a good deal of . changing
| was done from September to December, and
I though price changes were narrow, the gen
eral feeling In the pit was one of heaviness.
The September premium in the meantime en
i tirely disappeared and the price of that op-
I tion finally declined to a point about %c
! under December, with elevator people appar
ently willing to sell even at that figure. Up
to within about thirty minutes of the close,
trading was the dullest in weeks. Toward
the end of the session more activity was
shown. The seaboard reported a good demand
with about fifty loads engaged. The North
west markets, previously rather weak, turned
firmer and local shorts, not satisfied with
their position in view of the stubbornness of
December, covered their early sales. Decem
ber became quite firm near the close with
prices gradually advancing. Atlantic port
clearances of wheat and ' flour aggre
gated 439.000 bushels. • Argentine shipments
! were liberal, 1,040. bushels, which was given
as one of the reasons for the weakness in
foreign markets. The Northwest promises an
Increase of stocks of about 1,100,000 bushels,
which indicated a visible increase of over
1,500.000 bushels. December opened He lower
at 70%@70%c. It declined, to 70% c and advanced
to 70%071C near the close. It closed at 70% c.
September sold as low as 70c and closed at
70% c. a decline of %c. . ■ - - ' . -
Corn was very dull but steady until near
the end of the session, when a sudden advance j
in September was caused by good buying by
shorts who were influenced by the large cash
demand and the late strength in December
wheat. December closed %c higher and Sep- !
tember gained %c.
Oats were steady all day. Near the close
the strength of wheat and corn was sym
pathized in and prices advanced under good
general buying. December closed with a gain
Provisions were steady early with the firm
hog market, prices holding close to yesterday's
closing figures. Late In the session Cudahy
selling pork started the local crowds In the
same direction and prices suffered a little all
around. The close was about 2%<?<se lower for
all.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
■Wheat No. 2—
September 71* 71% 70 70* i
December 70% 71 70% 70%
May 73% 73% 73* 73%
Corn No. 2 —
September 81% 22M, 31% 824
December 2&% 28% 28% 25%
May 23* 29% 29% 29%
Oats No. 2—
September 21% 21% 21% 21%
December 20% 21* 20% 21%
May 22% 22% 22*4 , 22%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
October 800 8 02* 790 7 92%
December 8 12* 815 805 805
January 9 52% 9 67% 960 960
Lard, per 100 pounds-
October 630 6 32% 825 6 27%
December 6 32%
January 6 47* 6 47* 6 42* 6 42%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds — •
October 5 20 6 20 6 15 6 17%
January 496 4 97* 4 92* 495
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, steady: No. 3 spring wheat, 65@69c;
No. 2 red, 71% c; No. 2 corn, 82% c; No. 2 oats,
22@22 l i4c; No. 2 white, 14<0-24%c; No. 3 white,
23Vi624'.;c; No. 2 rye. 57% c;. No. 2 barley, 380 ;
43c: No. 1 flaxseed, $1 10; prime timothy seed,
$2 35; mess pork per barrel, $7 30©>7 95; lard,
per 100 pounds, $5 30; short ribs sides (loose),
$5 0305 35; dry salted shoulders (boxed), $6(3)
6 12%; short clear sides (boxed), $5 65(?5 80; !
whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gallon,
$1 22.
Articles . . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 20,000 13,000
Wheat, bushels 96,000 17,000
Corn, bushels 610,000 440,000
Oats, bushels 394,000 459,000
Rye, bushels 10,000
Barley, bushels t4,000 9,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creamery, 16<2?22c; dairy, I3iji> j
18c. Cheese, easy, 10%@11%0. Eggs, firm, 14%@ !
14*0.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. Deo. Mar.
Opening 5 B>4 5 10% 6%
Closing 5 8% 6 10% 6
PARIS.
Wheat— Sept. Jan. -Apr.
Opening 19 30 20 30
Closing 18 25 20 25
Flour-
Opening 26 10 27 00
Closing 25 70 26 75
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
. CHICAGO, Sept. 15.— CATTLE— Receipts of
cattle were unusually large for so late In the
week, but a good snare went direct to killers
at about yesterday's prices. Good <to choice
cattle, $5 70@6 75; commoner grades, $4 30^5 60:
stockers and feeders, $3 10@5; bulls, cows and
heifers, $1 75@5 40; Texas steers, $8 50@4 3D;
rangers, $3 60®5 33; calves, $4 50®8 10. .
HOGS— Business In hosrs was brisk and the
market closed firm at the best price of the
week. Heavy hogs, $4 20,®4 70; mixed lota, $4 30
@4 75; light, $4 35<£?4 75; pigs, $3 75©« 63; culls,
$2 25@4. ■
SHEEP— Offerings of sheep and • lambs were
liberal, i but the demand was good and prices
ruled steady. Sheep, $404 25 for best natives,
culls bringing $2@3 25; plain ewes, $3 40@3 65;
lambs, $6 2.WC 40 for best; Westerns. $4 85@
6-45; culls, $3 70@4 50. ' ' ■ ■ -..-■•■:
Receipts— Cattle, . 8000; . hogs, 21,000; sheep,
8000.
Demand for Sheepskins.
LONDON, Sept. 16— There was a moderate
attendance &t the Caoe of Good Hope and
Natal sheepskin sale held In Mincing Lane to
day. The offerings amounted to 147.447 skins,
or which 141,477 were told. There was a «tron«
demand and prices advanced M. The home
trade secured the bulk.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Sept. 16.-Clearlng«, $318,404;
balances. $84,157.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Sept. 10.-Buyera are not in
clined to taJke hold of the average offerings of
new wheat on account of the liability of Itß
falling to Btand shipping. This makes a better
demand for old wheat, and while 68@59c Is gen
erally quoted, at least a cent better can be
secured for choice old Walla W^la. Valley is
nominally 6C-g6lc, with a fraction more obtain
able for something fancy.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Sept. 15.— Wheat la still dull. A
little increase in local receipts is noted. Quo
tations. 67@310 for Club and 60®61c for Blue
stem. ,
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Sept. 18.-Consols, 106 1-16; silver,
27 3-16 d; French rentes, lOlf 27Vfec; wheat car
goes off coast, nothing doing; cargoes on pas
sage, nominal, unchanged; English country
markets, steady.
LIVERPOOL. Sept. 15.— Wheat. steady:
wheat in Paris, quiet; flour In Paris, quiet;
French country markets, dull; weather in
England, cloudy and dry.
WHEAT— Spot No. 2 red "Western winter,
steady, 5s SVjd. Futures, quiet; September, 5a
B\d; December, 5s 10-% d; March, 6s.
CORN— Spot American mixed new, quiet, 3s
sd; American mixed old. quiet, 3s sd; Novem
ber. 3s s^d.
Receipts of wheat during the past three days,
227,000 centals, including 213,000 centals Amer
ican. Receipts of corn during the past three
days, 169,400 centals.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 84
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87
Sterling Cables — 4 88
New York Exchange, 6lght — 12^
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Mexican Dollars 48 48%
Fine Silver, per ounce — i 9
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The Jacques takes for Cork 64,085
ctls, valued at $56,789.
Chicago was dull, with a bearish sentiment
and heavy receipts. There were more buyers
than sellers, but the demand was chiefly to fill
shorts. Argentine shipments were 800,000 bush
els. Manitoba was selling on the New York
market.
The local situation was flat and dull, with
a decline In futures.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $102*; milling, $107*
@1 10.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls . o' clock— December—
6000 ctls, $100%; 4000, $1 09%..
Second Session — December— l2,ooo ctls, $109*;
10.000, $1 09-%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2ooo ctls,
$109*; 14,000, 1 ng-%. May— 6ooo. $114X4.
Afternoon Session — December — 10,000 ctls,
$109^: 2000, $109%. May— Booo, $115.
BARLEY— The market continues neglected
and nominal.
Feed. 78%^R2V4c; Brewing, 90@950; Chevalier,
$1 10@l 22Vi per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock — No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session — December — 6000
ctls. 84%.
Afternoon Session— December— 2ooo ctls, 84HC.
OATS — Country holders have largely with
drawn their offerings on account of the low
prices, and as buyers are scarce In this mar
ket the situation Is one of extreme dullness.
White. $1 96©$1 I" 1 *; Red. $1 05®l 12*; Black,
90(er&"y-o per ctl.
CORN— Eastern large Yellow, $106; White,
and mixed, $i 02Vi<61 05 per ctl.
RYE— 9O@92Hc per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Mill-stuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 6flf?3 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $3 40<g3 50 per bbl for extra,
$3 25<&3 40 for bakers' and $2 25ig3 for super
fine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 "; Rye
Meal. $2 B0; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra Cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal. $4 sv<??4 75;
Oat Groats. $4 75; Hominy. $3 25#3 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $4<J4 25: Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 6606 83: in sacks, $6 3.V36 73;
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
There Is nothing new to report In any de
scription, the markets bring dull.
BRAN— SIS 50(f?17 per ton.
MIDDLINGS-sl7 50^19 60 per ton.
FBEDSTUFFB— RoIIed Barley, $iSi?MB 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27*528; Jobbing,
$28 50(529; Cocoanut Cake. $2O'S2i; CornmeaJ.
$23 EO@M 50; Cracked Corn. $24^25; Mixed Feed
$16^16 50; Cottonseed Meal, $28 per ton.
HAY— Wheat, $6 50tf?S hO for common to good
and $969 25 for choice; Wheat and Oat, $6@
8 60; Oat, $6@'7 50; Barley, $5@7: Island Barley,
Kffiß 60; Alfalfa, $5 60@7 per ton; Compressed
$6 EOOS.
STRAW— BO@3Sc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Offerings of everything under this head con
tinue neglected.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 65@1 7£- Small White,
$2 07*©2 17%; Large White. $1 60"fl 75; Pinks,
$2 15(g2 25; Reds. $4; Blackeye, $3; But
ters, nominal; Llmas, $4 10; Pea, $2 15@2 25;
Red Kidneys, $2 2of/2 40 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. 2'«(g«c; Yellow Mus
tard, nominal; Flax, $1 9002 10; Canary Seed,
-Vf(3c per It> for California and 3>^c for East
ern; Alfalfa. 8 1 ;'Sl' 1 -c; Rape, 3c; Hemp, 4@
4Vvc; Timothy, nominal.
DRIF.D PEAS— Niles. $1 25@1 50; Green. $1 65
01 iit ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Sweet Potatoes continue to decline. Other
wise there Is no change In Potatoes and Onions.
Tomatoes still block the market. Cucum
bers are weak and dull, but Pickles are in good
demand and firm. Corn rules firm at the Im
proved prices. • : .
POTATOES— Garnet Chiles, 76@S5c; Early
Rose !>o(g'6sc: Burbanks. 50<S'75c per ctl: Sali
nas Burbanks, 90c@$l 10: Sweet Potatoes, 1%@20
per Ib. ' •
ONIONS— per ctl for SllVersklns;
Pickle Onions. r>n<f*7sc per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Peas, 3C per lb: String
Beans. l@2c: Lima Beans. I©l%c: Cabbage. 50©
60c: River Tomatoes, 25@30c; Alameda Toma
toes, 20® 40c; Egg Plant, 30@40c; Green Okra,
4iHi'6oc per box; Dried Okra, 10@15c per 'b: j
Garlic, 2(g:3c; Green Peppers, 26®S8c for Chili
and 25@35c per box for Bell; Carrots, 3(l(i?40c
per sack; Bay Cucumbers, 20@30c; Pickles,
$1 75 per ctl for ! No. 1 and 75c for No.
2; Summer Squash, 20@30c; Marrowfat Squash,
JS'ij 10 per ton; Green Corn. G0076C per sack.
f>oc<7sl per crate for Alameda and 40@60c for
Berkeley.
Poultry and Game.
The market continues slack and well supplied.
Some dressed Turkeys came In, selling at 20c
per lb.
Game is scarce and stiff at higher prices.
POULTRY— Turkeys, 14@160 for Gob
blers and 145?15c- for Hens; Young Turkeys,
17018 c: Geese, per pair, $1 60@l 75; Goslings,
$150® 2; Ducks, S3 r>O(S>4 for old and $4<§:6 for
young; Hens, $3 50@S; young Roosters, $4@5;
old* Roosters, $4@4 50; Fryers, $3 50; Broilers, $3
for large, {2 50 for small ; Pigeons, $1 25 per
dozen for old and $1 f>n@2 .for Squabs.
GAME— Doves. 85c per dozen; Grouse, $7;
Sage Hens $6; Mountain Quail, $3 50; Hare,
$l(g<l 25; Rabbits, $1 25@1 50 per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
There seems to be no disposition . to change
prices one way or the other, though the feeling
for Butter and Cheese Is weak and the demand
Is slow. The market Is well supplied with all
kinds.
BUTTER-
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 25c; seconds, 24c.
' Dairy— rancy, 22%@23c; good to choice. 21@
22c; store, nominal.
Pickled roll, So@2lc; firkin, lS@2lc; cream
ery tub. 21@22c per lb. .
• CHEESE— Choice mild new, lie; old, 10
@10Hc; ifoung America, ll®UV4c; Eastern,
14fgl5c.
EGGS— Quoted at 21©25 c for store and 27@30c
per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 22H@24c for se
lected. 20<?21c for No. 1 and 17@19c for seconds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Wine Grapes are beginning to get Interesting.
They have advanced to $23 per . ton here, and
buyers are scouring the country after supplies
at $17 50 f. o. b. . cars. " The crop Is said to be
very short, and in some Important sectlone will
not be over a quarter. . .&//-.V ; :-H
Table Grapes continue dull and cheap.
Choice Apples are higher and Lemons are also
doing better. < :.■ ■ • ; . .
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— .
! ' Apples, ■ 35@60c tier • box for common and 75c
@$1 35 for good to choice.
BERRIES — Blackberries, $3@4 per chest;
Strawberries. . $6<BB per chest for small and $2®
350 for large berries; " Raspberries, $3@4 per
chest; Huckleberries, «<g)Bc per lb. - - ■. •
Grapes, 20@30c per box and crate for Fon- ,
talnebleau. 26@>40c for black, 25@50 for Muscat,
30@50c for Tokay, 7(X@Boc for Seedless, 26<&40c
for Cornichon and 65c@$l for Isabellas; Wine
Grapes, $20(£i2S per ton.
Watermelons, $s(ffl7 per 100.
Cantaloupes — 25(g78c per crate; Nutmegs, 16®
26c per box.
Pears, BartJett, $1 25®1 50 per box for No. 1
and 75c<gi$l for No. 2; In bulk. $35@50 per ton.
Figs, 50@75c per box for doublo layers of
black and 25^?35c for white.
Peaches, 25© 75c per box.
Plums and Prunes. 25@60c per box and crate.
Quinces, 4<W6oc per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Lemons. $1(31 75 for com
mon and $2'c?3 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, $7©7 50: California Llir.es, nominal;
Bananas. $1 50@2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $1®
2 60 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
There is no further decline in anything:. The
demand seems to be good as a rule, and it is
not hard to sell good stuff. A sale of 400 tons
Tulare Prunes at 2Vjc, less 5 per cent, Is report
ed, though the report Is rather vague. Local
dealers think that Prunes are going to do bet
ter after awhile.
DRIED FRUITS (New Crop)— Prunes. In
Backs, sftc for 40-50*8. 4ftc for 50-60's. 3%c for
60-70' 8, 3@3M.c for 70-80' s, 3c for SO-90's and 2%
<2j2%c for 90-100' 8; Apricots, 10®llc for Royals,
14@15c for Moorparks and 12@12%c for Blen
heims; Peaches, 4%c for Standards, 5@5%c
for choice and 6c for fancy; peeled Peaches,
lCKffllc: Evaporated Apples, 6@6%c; Sun-dried,
1 4@sc per lb; Nectarines, 7%@Sc per lb for
red and S«?9c for white: Pears, s@7c for quar
ters and 7^@loe for halves; Black Figs, 3c;
White Figs. 6(&6ftc; Plums, sft@6c for dark and
7<s7^c for bleached.
■ RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown, 4%e for three
crown 5%c for four-crown, Blg'SHe for Seedless
Sultanas 6@loc for bleached Thompson's Seed
less and $1 20 for London Layers; Dried Grapes,
Walnuts, s@Sc for hardshell, 10@12o
for softshell; Chile Walnuts. ll@12c; Almonds,
iou«ii%c for paper shell. B@9c for soft and
4®sc for hard shell; Peanuts. 6%@6%C for
Eastern- Brazil Nuts, B%@»e; Filberts. 11®
ll^c- Pecans 7y,@Bc; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5.
' HONEY— Comb. llftc for bright and 10% c for
light amber; water white extracted. 7Vi?7%c;
light amber extracted, 6%@7c; dark, s»,sc per lb.
BEESWAX— 24(g2Cc per lb.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, Bftc per lb for
heavy. 9139^0 for light medium, lie for light.
12% c for extra light and 13c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13ftc; California
Hams. 13c; Mess Beef. $11 per bbl; extra Mess,
$12 50; Family. $14; extra Prime Pork. $12 50;
extra clear, $16 30; mess, $15@15 50; Smoked
Beef, 12c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at sH©s%c per lb for
compound and 7c for pure; half barrels, pure,
7ftc; 10-lb tins, B%c; 5-lb tins. Bftc.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6"i@7Vtc per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Dealers continue to report a stiff and active
market for Hides. There la nothing new !In
Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Baited
steers 10$510%c; medium, 9@9%c: light, 9c;
Cowhides. 9o; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c- dry Hides, Round, 16c; culls and brands,
13c; dry Kip and Veal, 16c; dry Calf, 17o;
Sheepskins, yearlings, 20@30c each; short
Wool 35@60c each; medium, 70@90c; long Wool,
90c<a$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt. $202 25 for
large and $1 26<ffl 50 for email; Colts, 25@50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%<S~se per lb; No.
2. 4@4V4c; refined. ; grease, 2@2He.
WOOL — Spring Clips— San ' Joaquln and
Southern, 7 months, 8@llc; San Joaquin Foot
hills defective, SiS9c: Valley Oregon, 17(S18c;
Eastern Oregon, 12@14c for choice and 9@11%0
for fair to good.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln Lambs, B<3>loc; do
plains. 7(f7Sc: San Joaquin and Southern Moun
tain. Vi<s9u.
HOPS— New are nominal at ll@l3c per lb.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7®7'4e: "Wool
Bags, 2G@2Sc; Fruit Bags, s>4c, 5V4c and 6c for
the three grades of white and 7®7Hc for
bleached Jute.
Wellington, $S per ton; New Welling
ton. $8; Southfleld Wellington. $7 50; Seattle,
16; Bryant. $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 60;
Scotch, $S; Cumberland, J9 50 In bulk and $10 75
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $12:
Cannel, IS per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke. 112 per ton in bulk and $14 In
sacks.
Harrison's circular says: "During the week
there have been four deliveries of coal from
Washington, 11.200 tons; three from British Co
lumbia, 6423 tons; two from Oregon, 800 tons; ■
one from Swansea, 3050 tons; total, 21,473 tons.
This amount at hand leaves us about 8000 tons ,
short of our requirements for the week, bo that
the stock of fuel In yard Is being largely dimin
ished. Coal producers are using every endeavor
to secure modes of transportation to market,
with but meager success so far. Next month '
there will be some available steamers due,
which have been in some cases purchased, and '
some time charters, which will partially ease
up stocks. This could not be foreseen by any
one, as the partial failure of demand for steam
ers for the Klondike, it was naturally supposed,
would divert those vessels to the coal trade,
whereas the department steps In and takes them
all and asks for more. The increased Honolulu
demand was not figured upon — year it has
quadrupled Itself: considerable of this Is drawn
from our local collieries on the coast, thus de
priving us of tonnage which naturally belongs
here. We are not threatened with an absolute
fuel famine this winter, simply a scarcity of
sufficient magnitude to insure high prices for
several months to come. The values of domes
tic grades, have not been changed, they are
identical with last year, and will probably re
main unchanged all through the winter months.
Steam fuel Is showing better figures."
RlCE— China mixed. $3 70®3 75: China No. 1,
$1 50@4 90; extra do, $5@5 35; Hawaiian, |5@
6 75; Japan, $4 H^'rH 75; Louisiana. $5@6.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5%e; Pow
dered, Cp'sc: Candy Granulated. 5%c; Dry Gran
ulated E»c: Confectioners' A. Be; California A,
— ; Magnolia A. 4%c: Extra C. 4M:c; Golden C.
4»4c; barrels, l-16c more: half barrels, %c more;
boxes, 'jc more: 50-lb bags, Vie more. No or
der taken for less than 75 barrels or its equiv
alent. Dominoes, half barrels, 5%c; boxes, (Sc
per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Hogs are lower and the packers are supplying '
their wants at the reduced quotations. The
other descriptions remain unchanged.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7@7*ic per lb for Steers and 6^(gi7c
for Cows.
VEAL— 7@lOc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@7^c; Ewes, B@ffVac per
pound.
LAMB— SlgS^c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 5%c for small, ssi<s's7ic for
medium and sV£c for large; stock hogs and |
Feeders, 5%c; dressed Hogs, 7@SVic. !
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 15.
Flour, qr sks 12,632 Sugar, sks 1,300 |
Wheat, ctls 2,140 j Hay, tons 742 '
Barley, ctls B,o9o|3traw, tons 4 i
Oats, Ctla 2,Ofir>JEggs, doz 6.690 j
Butter, ctls . 133 j Wool, bags 190 I
Cheese ctls 81 flops, bales 160
Tallow, ctls 206 Wine, gals 21,800
Beans, sks 200 Leather, rolls 183
Potatoes, pks i Lime, bbls 91
Onions, sks 526 Pelts, bdls 315
Bran, sks, .... E2o[Hldes, No 334
Middlings, sks.... 530 Quicksilver, flsks 66
♦
Family Retail Market.
Butter Is cheaper this week, but Cheese and
Eggs stand as before.
Mfats and Poultry show no changes worthy
of note. The latter Is In large supply, owing
to liberal arrivals from the East.
Fruits and Vegetables are about the same
as previously quoted, and both are In abundant
supply.
The followtngs le The Call's regular weekly
price list:
Coal, per ton
Cannel $ ®10 00 J Castle Gate.. s3 00®
Wellington . @10 00 Southfleld
New Welling- Wellington 09 50
ton @10 00 Coos Bay §7 00
Seattle 8 00<g— y
Dairy Produce, etc—
Butter, fancy, per [Common Eggs 25i9—
square 50@55; Ranch Eggs, per
do, per roll 4SKSO: dozen 30<3>35
do, good 45*8— ; Honey Comb, per
Cheese, Cal ~X^ ; P° un< s 12@15
Cheese, Eastern.. 17^20 j Do, extracted....— ©in
Cheese, Swiss 20@20!
Meats, per lb —
Bacon 12f17 1 Pork. freßh 15@20
Beef, choice ISffSO Pork, salt ... 12<§15
Do, good 10@15jPork Chops 15@18
Corned Beef —win Round Steak . 10^12
Ham, Cal — 'Slo Sirloin Steak 150—
Do Eastern ..l~\i&— Porterhouse, d 0.. .20025
Lard 12-315 Smoked Beef ....12@15
Mutton 10(fJil5jPork Sausages.. 12 = . ruJu
Lamb 12@15|Veal ...' 15@20
Poultry and Game-
Hens, each 50@60 Geese, each..Jl 25®1 50
Young Roosters, Pigeons, pair 40050
each 40(560 Rabbits, pair ....—^4o
Old Roostera,each4o<g:6o Hare, each 15020
Fryers, each 40!fl > 50 Doves, per d0z....5l 25
Broilers, each ...35«40 Grouse, per pair.. 200
Turkeys, per 1b..15(522 Sage Hens, pr...15Ca2
Ducks, each 50@65 Mt Quail, pr. d«. 4 30
Fruits and Nuts-
Almonds, lb 15@20 Limes, per d0z. ..15@—
Apples 4® 6 Pears, pr lb 40 5
Bananas, dor 20<g'25 Peaches, per lb.. 4@ 5
Blackberries, per (Plums, per 1b....4g?5
drawer 25@30; Raisins, lb 6(^10
Cantaloupes, ea.. 5@ 15; Raspberries, per
Nutmeg Melons... sfflol drawer 25@35
Figs, per lb s«i> 6 Strawberries, per
Grapes, per lb — 4@ 6' drawer 23(350
Huckleberries, lb. B@lo| Walnuts, lb 12015
Lemons, doa 15®20 1 Watermelons, ea.lO@2sj
Vegetables— ._ t
Artichokes, d0z. ..25050 Lentils, lb JWjFJ
Beets, doz 12®15 Lettuce, do* 15©
Beans, white, lb.. 4@ 5 Onions, lb ■ ■ | j
Colored, lb 4@ 5 Peppers, green, lb 60 6
Lima, lb 6^— Potatoes, lb 305
Cabbage, each ... 5«?10 Sweet Potatoes .. *&—
Cauliflowers, each s@lo Parsnips, doz ■•••}?&—
Celery, bunch ...'s(&— Radishes, dz bchslO@l|
Cucumbers, pr dzl0«-,Sage. doz bnchs..2s@3o
Cress doz bnchs.2o@3s String Beans, lb. 4@ 5
Egg Plant, per lb 5@ 8 Summer Squash. g
G k n en Co . m: .. pe W T& b ib-::::::::*
green %* 4^ Turnlpo. do*^H»ol|
Green Peas. 1b... 4@ 5 Tomatoes, lb 4@ 5
Fish, per lb—
Barracuda I.'®- Shrimps ?«"»
ram 10«?12 Shad 12'3 > —
Codfish"'"'. Ufja Sea Bass 15®-
Flounders -gIS Smelts -f 15
Halibut 15@— Soles 12(515
Herring .....12@— Skates, each -.-lO®—
Kingnsh .......-©l2 Tomcod .. 12f15
Mackerel .15®- Clams, gal 50@-
Horse ■:..:.:. -ft 12 Do hart-hell. 100.4*050
erc h 12@15 Crabs, each in 15 .
Pompano". -®- Do softshell. doz.2^®3o
Rockflsh ......:. ..15®- Mussels, at ••••••^f!*
Salmon, smoked.. 2o@- Oysters. Cal. 100-.40|00
Salmon fresh ...-#- Do, Eastern. d0z.25@40
THE STOCK MARKET.
Business In securities was quiet on the Bond
Exchange, and lower prices were made for
Gas and Electric, Contra Costa Water and
! Makawell Plantation. Giant Powder was
rather firmer and touched $76 25.
Mining stocks showed no particular change,
though several were a shade firmer. The tele
gram from the pump said: "At 6:30 this morn
i ing the water was 34 feet 6 Inches below the
1950-foot level station. Elevator No. 1 has
been running continuously. This morning we
will commence lowering No. 2 elevator from
the 1900 station.'"
The report from the Standard Consolidated
mine of Bodle for the week ending September
9 states that on the 150 level, raise 4, In the
Moyle vein, had 12 inches fair ore. The east
cross cut, In the Bullion vein, 200 level, cut *
6-inch vein of low grade and was stopped.
Raise 4, Security vein, 31S level, had 18 inches
fair ore In the top. Raise 9, No. 10 vein, 318
level, had 20 inches good ore in the top. The
south drift, No. 10 vein, 380 level, had a «-inch
vein, 582 levol had 10 Inches improved ore In
the top. Raise 1, same vein and level, had 10
inches good ore in the top. The north drift,
Fortuna vein, 696 level, had a 6-lnch vein of,
low-grade ore in the face. The stopes on the
luO, 270, 318, 336. 470, 528 and 582 levels, In the
Moyle, East, New, No. 10, Magulre, Fortuna
and other ledges, yielded the usual amount of
fair to good ore. At the mill. 289 tons of ore
were crushed for the week. Average assay
vanner tailings, $9 05. Concentrates produced.
1 ton; assay value, $133 64. Plate amalgam
produced, 1186 Troy ounces; value per ounce,
%2 33. Tailings plant No. 1, treated 185 tons
tailings for the week. Plant No. 2* treated 208
tons tailings.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, Sept. IB— I p. m.
Bib.Ask. Bid.Aslc
4s quar coup. .112 ft — ! Mutal El Co. 16T4 17
4s quar reg.... — — D G L & H.. 48% 50
4s new quar... — 12lhi Pac Gas Imp. 66 —
8s quar "coup.. loßftloß Pac LCo 40 —
Miscellaneous— S F G & E.... 66^4, 67
Cal-st Cab ss. 115 — San Fran aft 3%
C C Wat 55... — 110% i Stockton Gas.. 12 —
Ed L & P 68.. 130 — Insurance—
i F & Cl Ry 6s. ll4ft— Firem'e Fund. 226 —
i Geary-st R 56. - 95 Bank Stocks—
HC & S 5%5. 107ft — Arfgio-Cal .... 65 —
LA Ry 55.... 108 109 Bank of Cal..2B2ft2SJ^4
L A LCo («.. S» — I Cal SD & T.. — 98
do gtnd 65.. S» — i First Nation). 234 245
do gntd 55.. — 100 ; Lon P & A. ...128ft —
Market-st 6s..l2Rft — Mer Exchange— W
do let M ss. 115 — jNev Nat Bk..lß2ftlSo
N C N G R7s.HO — Savings 3anks—
NR of Cal 68.114 — !Ger S & L...1660 —
N Rcf Cal 58.115^4 — i Hum S & L.1050 1160
NPC R R 65. 105 ft — Mat Say Bk. 39 42ft
NPC R R 58.105 107 S F Say U... SUO —
N Cal R X 5». Ill — ! Sav & L So. — 82ft
OGL & H se.Uoft — Sec Say Bk. — 300
Dak Trans 65..111ft112H Union T C 0.1400. 1400 1440
Dm C Ry 65.. 128 13U I Street Railroads—
P & Cl Ry 65.1wi»4109 California ....119 128
IPk& ORy 68.115 — Kieary SO —
Powell-st R65.118 — i Market-st .... 62ft 62%
! Sar El G&RSB — - ,iakSL4H. - oO
I3F &N P 55. 114 — Presidio 1« —
S F & S JV56.115%116i4i Powder —
b Ky of Cal fclusft — , California 150 165
SPOf A 65.... — 113 IE Dynamite... R5 —
S P C 65(1905)UH4 — Giant Con Co. 75% 78H
S P C 65(1906) - 114 ft Vigorit 2% 2%
i S P C 6s U912)122ft123\2 Hana F C 0.... IM4 15ft
;■->•C la eg Bs.lOZft — Haw C&S C. 96\ —
SPBr 6s 125 126 Hutch SP Co 30% 31ft
S V Wat 65. .114 — Kilauea S C... — 30%
S V Wat 45.. 104 — Makawell SC. 60ft .10%
t> V W 4s(3dm)lol>4 — lOnomea S C... 39 39>4
I btktn Gas bs.. - — ' Paauhau S Co 38 3S>4
Water Stocks — Miscellaneous—
Contra Costa.. 74% 75% Al Pac A55n..117%117%
• , ( i»unty. M) - : Mer Xx Ass>n.. — 100
' Spring Valley. lo2 102»4 , Oceanic S Co.— 89ft
i tias and hilectric— I Pac AF A 1% —
i L & P... sft «ft;Pac C Bor C 0.140 142 ft
Eqult G L Co. 4ft 5 i Par Paint Co. Bft —
Morning Session.
Board—
4 Bank of California 283 59
I 35 Contra Costa Water 75 00
6 Contra Costa Water 75 12ft
! 120 Contra Costa Water 74 87ft
200 Giant Powder Con 76 25
15 Giant Powder Con cash 76 25
40 Giant Powder Con 76 12ft
100 Makaweli Sugar Co 50 75
60 Onomea Sugar Co cash 39 00
10 S F. Gas & Electric Co 66 50
10 S. F. Gas & Electric Co 66 37ft
30 S. F. Gas & Electric Co 66 00
Street—
7 Spring Valley Water 101 87%
Afternoon Session.
Board —
20 Equitable Gas 4 50
35 Hana Plantation Co 15 25
20 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar 96 75
100 Hutchinson S P Co c 30 31 00
2 r . Hutchinson S P Co 3100
100 Mutual Electric Light 17 00
10 Onomea Sugar Co 33 25
100 Paauhau S P Co 38 00
10 Pacific Gas Imp 66 25
20 Spring Valley Water 102-12 ft
Street—
6 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar 96 75
10 Paauhau S P Co 38 25
$SOOO S F & S J V bonds 115 75
SAN- FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
JO Contra Costa Water 7S"00
30 Contra Costa Water 76 12%
35 Giant Powder Con 76 25
100 Hutchlnson S P Co 31 62%
50 Onomea Sugar Co 39 00
$5000 Spring: Valley Water 4s 3d mortg..lol 50
100 Vigorlt Powder 2 87%
Afternoon Session.
Board —
10 Contra Costa Water 74 87%
10 Contra Coßta Water 75 00
25 Oiant Powder Con 76 50
10 Giant Powder Con 76 37%
100 Hawaiian Cnm'l & Sugar 96 00
SO Makawe.il Sugar Co 60 75
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 66 00
30 S F Gas & Electric Co 65 57%
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 65 75
15 S F Gas & Electric Co 66 62%
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the Sin Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Andes 13 100 Mexican 4S
100 Belcher 36 200 Ophlr 110
?00 Best & Belcher. 51 300 Overman 18
600 Chollar 44 100 Potoei 53
50 Con Cal & Va..l TO 200 Union Con H
500 Gould & Curry. 29 (
Afternoon Session.
"00 Andes 14: 2'>o Mexican 46
100 Belcher 3C 100 Ophlr 110
400 Best & Belcher. 4S: 100 Potosi 51
200 Con Cal & Va..l 66 1 200 Sierra Nevada. 75
200 Crown Point... 20 200 Union Con 42
200 Gould & Curry. 2S . ;.iK> Utah 13
500 Hale & Norcrs. 30' 100 Yellow Jacket.. 27
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday :
Morning Session.
600 Andes 13' 200 Mexican ... 4$
300 Best & Belcher. 52 lW Hale & Norcrs' 3'
300 Best & Belcher. 50 300 Ophir .... '1 10
600 Chollar 44 300 Potosi . ... M
700 Con Cal & V.I 624 10>) Scorpion .. W
200 Con Cal & V...1 65 j 100 Sierra Nevada' 79
300 Gould & Curry. 29, 4f« Union Con .' 44
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belcher. 4S, 900 Ophir 110
100 Caledonia 65i 200 Potosi 51
100 Caledonia 64 j 100 Savage 30
100 Challenge Con. 32 200 Sierra Nevada 76
100 Chollar 42 1 100 Sierra Nevada 75
500 Con Cal & Va..l 63; 100 Union Con . . 41
100 Hale & Norcrs. 301 200 Utah 13
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, Se D t. 16—4 p. m.
 . Bid. Ask.i Bld.Ask.
Alpha 04 07 Justice — 09
Alta 05 06 Kentuck 03 05
Andes 13 14 Lady Washtn 01 02
Belcher 35 36 Mexican 46 47
j Best & Belcher 4S 49 Occidental ... 23 25
! Bullion 05 07 Ophir .. . 105 110
: Caledonia \}s 67 Overman 12 13
Chollar 42 43 Potosi 49 BO
Challenge Con. 30 31 Savage "9 30
Confidence 70 —Scorpion 01 —
Con Cal & Va.l 60 165 Seg Belcher . "4 05
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 74 75
Crown Point... 19 21 Silver Hill 02 03
Con New York — 02 Syndicate — 07
Eureka C0n.... — 50 Standard —2 90
Exchequer — 03 .St Louis — 10
Gould & Curry 27 2^ Union Con 40 41
Hale &.Norc. 30 31 Utah 12 14
Julia 02 03Yellow Jacket. 27 IS
Continued on Pa^e 13»of the )
VBAY cities//
SOCIETY WILL
WORK FOR THE
KINDERGARTEN
♦
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
90S Broadway. Sept. 15
Society will gather and dispense "its
shekels on Saturday. September 30 at the
beautiful Schilling home for the benefit of
the \\ .-st Oakland free kindergarten The
ladies of this kindergarten, have an
nounced that they wi(l be "at home" at
the residence of Mrs. A. Schilling from
3 to'clock till 8. The details of the after
noon fete have not yet been perfected,
but the committees in charge guarantee
that there will be more than the ordinary'
attractions and that the kindergarten
fund will be largely swelled by the event
The second Friday of each month',
■which is devoted by the Ebell Club to
tha "Close of the Century Topics" i a
proving a very popular section of club
work. The subject for October is "Social
Progress.- and the chairman for the oc
casion will be Miss Sarah W. Horton.
Tha literary and social afternoons are
set tor the last Saturday of each month
and the ladies of the different sections
rS VL be lh ?v, ho ? l ! of the occasion,
lor the month or September Mrs E I>.
is chairman ° f the Tuesday music
< •■rnmittee.
r£*?Y. G £° rge . Percy ls bUf?llv arranging
[or the historic portion of the hat show
C £ next week - The ladies have discovered
that the Audubon Club is not quite so
exacting in its purposes as was at first
supposed. Mrs. R. p. Gleason. president
of the Ebell, is authority for the staje
rnent that the society allows ostrich
plumes, quills and cock's plumes to be
used on hats. This feature of the society
hat show will be in charge of the local
millinery establishments.
Historic Bay Place, the old Adams
homestead, is the scene of much enter
taining. Mrs. John Adams recently gave
a dinner in honor of Mrs. and Miss Stuy
vesant of New York. The affair was al
fresco and the orchestra secreted in the
shrubbery played music composed by the
boat* Next Tuesday evening Mrs.
Adams will give a dinner to matrons
The Winter Cotillon Club, which is pre
sided over by Miss Miller, will give its
first dance on the evening of Saturday
September 30.
Dr. and Mr?. M. L. Johnson sailed from
New York last week for England and
will tour the Continent before they re
turn to Oakland.
Dr. and Mrs. C. W. Wend te are traveling
In Norway. They have been to Iceland
and are now in Christlanla.
Hon. W. E. Hale and family, who have
t>een practically strangers to Oakland
during his long term of office as warden
of San Quentin, are now at home again.
Their residence is on Twelfth street near
Oak.
Next week Mrs. Ida Gorrill and family
and Miss Fannie G. Smith will leave for
the Riviera, where they will spend th-»
tvinter.
The date for the wedding of Miss Belle
Mhoon to Frc-d Magee has been set for
October 1L It is to be a small church
wedding in the afternoon and only tne
mest ir.timnte friends of the bride and
groom ar.d their families will be present.
The breakfast at the bride's home is not
to be a large s->cia'. affair, which de
cision has caused much disappointment
to many of the young friends of Miss
Mhoon' who !s one of the most popular
bMles in local soci^t;-.
Bitter Contest Ended.
•• cbn
:!. de
■ Bliss op
• er, Pat
n of administr
- iperior
-
n acting as
■•-■••• \ . . : she not only
rother with mismanaging
state ■ N i for th<»
ears, but also that he was a
GRAND OPERA
IMPRESSIONS
AND OPINIONS
WHATEVER occupies many or
great mind - may be presumed to
have value, and ihengrln^ Is
drawing bis houses. To me it
eecms to sit heavily upon the Tiv ill shoul
3ers.. "If you would appreciate "Wagner,"
Bay the knowing ones, "study motiv-leit
motiv, then go to Bayreuth and hear the
operas in the dark, with orchestra con
cealed, with the performance brought to
the highest perfection." And they are
right. Wagner demands what 30 cents
has riot yet bought. The first act moves
.well, and the curtain falls upon spontan
eous, genuine applause. After that wear
lnc-sa settles, and about everything is,
from time to time, a shade under the
pitch. I except Baron Berthald. Pictor
laliy and vocally, he is as fine a Lohen
grin as I have heard. In Italian he sings
well; in German, his voice, especially in
the middle and lower registers meets all
the demands of artistic treatment. It is
beautiful. Besides, he thinks the part.
Pro=snltz sings Elsa seriously and well,
but neither looks nor act.= the character.
The other roles are fairly well sustained.
Dramatically Mehrtens, though at times
too vehement, deserves a word of prau-e.
Mary Linck intend? honestly enough, but
certain limitations result in her being sim
plyj melodramatic. Arrows of criticism
might be sharpened an.V winged promis
cuously through the male chorus. They
would seldom fail to strike home. Their
costuming offends ; the esthetic sense. in
How different witn "Othello. Save in
the first act, it demands nothing of the
chorus— but little of the women. Salas
ea-8 voice is -magnificent. His l *B° T par
allels the original dramatic thread. If you
would recognize true histrionic worth,
watch his Ingo. The soliloquy which
precedes the stratagem of act II exhibits
the genuineness of the artist. Avedano
has sacrificed something—not much-for
lii* high notes, and they ring out like a
bell: His Othello catches the « rarnaUc
Fpirit from lago. and the duet brings the
house to its feet with bravas. Anna Llch
ter sing« true but her voice is an a.fair
of tli "head, not the heart. She docs not
vibrato resnonsivo to spiritual breathings
r.or yet to the winds of passion. What of
that? There arc Salassa and Avedano.
and they right the whole fabric. By ai.
means hear "Othello." THOMPSON.
CHARLOTTE THOMPSON.
MAY RECEIVE A CALL.
He-.- ;■; ■ ■ t t , minister of
• ■ ; Washington, D. C.
has been Invited I :cupy the pul
for two
Mr. [^eaviti will arrive by the
■ ; . i 1 ! ■ '
. s- and has a
parish at Wasliing
mgressmen and
He built liif
h up unti; :, ' ■;• finest
. !!,• capital, it is con
: unlikely that .vlr.
Leavitt may i ■ all for a p- >'-
r,t occupation of the First Church
General Reeve Must Explain.
Federal Quarantine Officer Klnyoun anri
General c. C. McC. Reeve have been re
qursttd by United .States Attorney
Coombs to appear before him this morn
r.K with reference to the charge filed by
Dr. Kluyoun to the effect that General
Reeve boarded the Sheridan despite a
warning that the vessel had not b»^en
nas'ed upon by the quarantine authori
ties Both 1 sides of the case will he pre
sented before Mr. Coombs, and he will
-hen decide whether to prosecute the gen
eral or drop the matter.
"ROUGH HOUSE" METHODS PREVAIL AT BERKELEY.
BERKELEY. Sept. 15.— Pandemonium broke out among the underclassmen of the University
of California this morning. It was not a premeditated outburst, and it quieted down almost
as suddenly as it started, but for the time being some two or three hundred students lost
their heads r>'gi:rdl^ss of university property, of the dignity of university professors or of the
penalty of expulsion fnim college.
iVhen everything was over the l< wer part of the south end of North Hall on the campus
looked as though th-:- city tire department had just •-■xtingulshed a blnze. Windows were smashed,
chairs in the recitation rooms, were in chaos, and from the steps and windows dripped the remnants
of the water whjch inside had given things a liberal soaking.
Berkeley collegians will not admit it was a rush. That is for diplomatic reasons. They pre
fer to term it "a general all-round rough house." There may be some degree of difference be
tween these two expressions. Perhaps the faculty may be disposed to recognize the distinction. If
they do not it will go hard with the ringleaders of the fracas.
Ever since last year the faculty have had the ax ready for the first students who might be
overcome with the rushing spirit. The college is waiting breathlessly to see if it is now going to
fall. General consent places the responsibility f'-r *the affair upon the sophomores. It is said that
they incited the freshmen to violence.
The trouble began at a meeting of the freshmen class held in one of the big recitation rooms
drunkard and unfit to act as admlnlstra
tor. A host of witnesses were put on th.
stand, all of whom spoke decidedly wel
of Patrick's reputation, and Judge Hal
therefore granted his petition.
GEIRRINE-SHERRETT
Wedding of Two Prominent Society
People in the University Town.
BERKELEY, Sept !ri.— Mark P. Geir
rine and" Miss Bernlce M. Sherrett were
united In marriage last night at the resi
dence of the bride's parents, the Sherrett
residence on ■.:.■;.. ,■..•:; The Rev.
George E. Swan, rector of St. Mark's
Episcopal Church on Bancroft way. offi
ciated. .Fifty-four guests were present
and the whole ceremony was carried out
in a brilliant manner. Miss Mabel Sher
rett acted as bridesmaid. Mr. and Mrs.
Geirrine left for Los Angeles to-day.
Two Burelars Plead Guilty
OAKLAND. Sept. 16. — A season of guilt
!ng has suddenly come in vogue in
Judge Hall's department of the Buperior
Day before yesterday C. U Wolf
■ leaded guilty to a charge of biganv.
V.-X . •■■ rs in San Quen
tin. To-day Matt Knusson, who on the
NATIONAL HOLIDAY
TO BE CELEBRATED
The eighty-ninth anniversary of the na
tional Independence of Mexico will be cel
ebrated with all due honor to-day by the
local Mexican colony, which numbers
nearly 4000. Heretofore two celebrations
have marked the day owing to the dif
ferences between factions in the colony.
This year there will be but one official
ration, which will be held under the
auspices of the Mexican celebration com
mittee, which is headed by Hon. A. K.
Coney. Consul General of Mexico. Odd
Fellows' Hall, which has been secured for
the occasion, will be beautifully decorated
with American and Mexican colors and
portraits of heroic Mexican and American
Presidents.
The memory of Miguel Hidalgo, the
"Washington" of Mexico, and Benito
Juarez will be reviewed. Hidalgo, the
warrior priest, did not long survive the
outbreak for independence, for after some
unsuccessful engagements the troops of
the Spanish Viceroy defeated and dis
persed the ' ill-organized and 111-armed
battalions of the liberators. Hidalgo was
captured and executed in 1811, but the ex
ample he had set spurred others on to
emulation and the sword he had been
forced to lay down was taken up by
More-lon, who, like Hidalgo, was. a priest,
and who shared his fate in 1815. Prior to
his death he called a national assembly
at llpanzingo and by this body Mexican
Independence was for the first time offi
dally proclaimed. Under the leadership
of Iturbldo independence was again pro
claimed on February 24, 1821. Following
is [he programme for to-night's enter
tainment:
Overture by the orchestra; Installation of
the celebration committee; reading of the
Declaration of Independence, by A. de. la
Torre Jr.; march. •"Independence." by the
orchestra ; fan dance, by Miss Qertrade Nar
vaez: address. Mayer Phelan; solo, Mrs. B.
Catnare oration In Spanish, by Hon. Ramon
Onrrla; "Star-Ppangled Banner," by Mis<s
Vellle ■ i: urke and chorus of seventy-five
ladles and gentlemen; trio, by Misses Kmlly
and Jennie Laysale and Miss Blanche Blanc;
oration in EnclisOi, by Hon. Alexander Camp
bell; solo, by Mrs. L. de George; solo, by Miss
J. Perez: solos of the Mexican national hymn
will be .-ui'.u- by the following young ladles:
Miss Lennl • BalletO, Miss J. Perez. Mrs M.
Camarena. Mrs. L,. •'■<• George, Miss T. Mesa
Hr ,] a grand chorus of ladle* and gentlemen.
The concert will be under the direction of
Professor M. Ohlmeyer. The celebration will
conclude with a grand all-nlfiht ball.
Following ... committee In rharge of the
affair: Hon. A. K. Coney. n-al General of
Mexico, honorary president: Charles Baes,
president: Gustavo Levy, vice president: A de
la Torre Jr.. secretary, 3. J. Arzjive, assistant
secretary; A. Montero. treasurer, [Executive
committee— Captain A. Rojo, R. Garcia, TV.
\ Msldonado. R. Serrano. F. Carranca, V.
D Medina. C. F. Jimenez, M. A. Ohlmeyer,
It G. del PalaclO. M. .1. Luna. .1. B, Castel
lanoe A. Ti le la. E. Ibarra, P. Esplnosa.
PLACES FOR VOLUNTEERS
Th' Board r 'f Health ha= jobs waiting
for three of California's returned volun
teers ai d as snon as the buys are mus
tered OUt they will be placed in positions
to which a good living attaches. Bert
Davis of th> hospital corps will be ap
pointed steward of the Harbor Receiving
Hospital. No such office exists at th"
present time, but such a one i« necessary
■md will be created by the i>"ard at its
next meeting. Thomas Nicholson ard
Clnrles E Johnson of Company M will
be reinstated In their old positions at the
City and County Hospital. Both were
waiters and left their places to enlist as
soon an the first call was mad-
SUNDAY'S CALL can be pur-
chased from all agents and
newsdealers at 5c per copy.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1899.
night of August 20 last entered the resi
dence of A. F. Coffin on Vernon Heights,
pleaded guilty before Judge Hall to a
charge of burglary, and will spend four
years at San Quentin. Albert Miller, the
Young burglar who entered the J. A.
Smiley place on the 4th inst.. and who at
the City Prison last Sunday tried three
times to commit suicide, did likewise and
was giver, a sentence of three years' im
prisonment at the same place.
—. ♦ .
SHE REFUSES TO PAY
BIG FUNERAL EXPENSES
OAKLAND. Sept. 15.— Annie H. Theller,
as executrix of the estate of her husband,
Samuel L. Theller, who died here on No
vember 17. IS9S. has been cited, on petition
of Undertaker Albert Brown, to appear
before Judge Hall on Monday morning,
September 25, to show cause why she
should not be required to pay forthwith
a balance of J215 claimed to be due for
the funeral and burial of her husband.
According to Undertaker Brown's peti
tion, the reasonable value of his services
and materials furnished by him for the
burial and funeral was and Is $415; ana
NEWS OF THE REALTY WORLD
JUDGING from visible results, the real
estate market has been far from ;
.hiring the past week, but the
public records do not indicate the
amount of negotiating that if going on
between the broken and would-be pur
chasers of desirable Investment property.
It is a fact that there is more money seek
ing Investment in San Francisco realty j
now than has been the case in months, If I
nut years; but owners appear disinclined
to sell, being apparently satisfied to hold '
on and await better prices, which every- j
body seems to feel sure will prevail be- ,
fore another twelve months have passed.
As one real estate man said yesterday: ;
"There has not been so much money ',
looking for investment in real estate in
this city for years as there is right at this
time, and it is only a question of time ;
and a sh'>rt time at that— when this money
Will be placed. There is bound to be a
fcr.-;u <i.al of activity in real --state circles
tl - coming fall and winter, and I believe
that San Francisco has entered upon an ,
era of prosperity which bids fair to stay
with us a long time."
There are at least half a dozen deals j
now pending Involving thousands of dol
tars each which would have been con
summated weeks ago but for the fact
that Haws were discovered m the titles,
which must be rectified before deeds can
be passed and the transaction go on reo- i
«jkl. in one Instance negotiations for |
propertj valued at over JtfiO.uOO are at a;
standstill because of the discovery of a j
Haw in the title. Brokers all have plenty
, and they are feeling in excellent
spirits. They say the outlook for a big
fall business could not be more encour
aging, and they profess perfect satisfac- >
tlon with the existing state of affairs.
While there has been a slight falling off
in the number of building contracts liled
during the week, there is great activity
in building circles. There are more good,
- tfastantial buildlnps now being erected in
San Francisco than at any one time be
fore it] years. The work of laving track ]
for the new electric railway on Sansome j
and Montgomery streets will soon be i
completed, and when the cars are run- j
ning along those thoroughfares tmd the \
bitumen pavement is laid on Montgomery !
sir^.t that part of town will take <>n a
new lease or life. In fact, old buildings
are already being remodeled in prepara
tion for the changed conditions and busi
ness men In thai Election of the city are
anticipating a healthy revival.
Thomas Magc-e & Sons report the follow
ing recent sales: Lot and three-st"ry
frame building on the northeast corner >f i
Pine and folk streets. Itix62:6. $14,850; lot j
on the northwest line of Harrison street.
60 feet east (jf Bssex, between First and j
Second streets. f.TxUW. $3162; lot on north
east corner of Essex street, between First !
and Second streets, east 50x100, $3700; .ot j
..n north side of union street, 1O7:G feet:
west of Devlsadero street, west 40x137:6. i
)2600; l<>t on south side of Union street. '.*')
feet west of Devisadero street, west 30x ;
IS7:8, 52500; next lot adjoining sold for
about the same price; l"t on northwest
corner <>f Tnlon street and Broadway,
• i 103 feet. $2800.
fi. H. I'mbsen & Co. report the follow
ing recent sales: Improvements at 742,
744 and 746 Mission, street, between Third
and Fourth; terms private: subject to the
approval of the Probate Court. E. M.
and F. H. Jones to H. E. Hothln. im
provements and lot 63:4x166 feet, situated
on the southeast line <>f Howard street,
873 feet southwest of Fourth, $19,500. Al
fred W Dennett to Mary I>. Wunn, Im- I
provementa and lot 25x93:6 (2521 McAllis
ter Htreet), $lESQ. Joseph M. Oonvrford
i-ptrtte to James MeCook, improvement? at
12 Day street and lot 25x114 feet. $1800.
Subject to the approval of the Probate
Court. Abrams estate to Daniel O'Toole,
improvements at 838-40 McAllister street
and lot 37:«xlOO feet. $8500. Subject to the
approval of the Probate Court. Louis
Soher estate to Mary 11. Knoflach, im
ALAMEDA COUNTY
the rents of the property of the estate of
decedent amount to about 16000 per annum
and the appraised value of the estate waa
J199.023 7R. Petitioner avers that the ex
ecutrix has already paid out (7000 ri n ac
count "f claims not preferred and that
she has already paid $2^< on his claim.
Death cf Mrs. Travers
OAKLAND, Sent. 15.— Mrs. Travel,
widow of the well-known sea captain who
died several years ago, passed away last
Bight at her home, 917 Jefferson street.
Her death Is attributed to cancer. De
ceased was the mother of Dr. Harry P.
Travers, the well-known young dentist.
SI • was a native of New Brunswick. The
funeral will take place to-morrow and the
interment will be at Laurel Hill Cemetery,
San Francisco.
■ ♦ ■
Recommends a Shoterun
OAKLAND, Sept. 15. —Frank Conlon
was seiit-nced to six months' imprison
ment to-day for battery, the victim be
ing a seven-year-old girl. In giving the
prisoner the limit the Judge Bald: "The
parents of the child would be justified in
using a shotgun or. you."
■ ♦ ■
Pautoskey Now Restrained.
OAKLAND, Sept. 15.— 0n petition of
provements at 1225 Bush street and lot
30:137:6 feet, J6<W. Subject to the ap
proval of the Probate Court. Jeremiah
Lord en •h al. to Otto Arnet. improvements
at 3932 Army street and lot 27x114 feet.
$95". Mrs. Roberts to Mrs. liahn. im
provements at 656 Jessie street and lot 25
by ~ r > feet. $i7.v>. J. M. Oak estate to J.
Smith, Improvements at 1219 Geary street
and lot 23:1x120 feet, $6500. Subject to the
approval of the Probate Court. Robert
Pieper to Augustine Scnnefer. improve
ments at 21-23 Beulah street and lot 30 by
125 feet. $fi2.v>. Mary C. Grant estate to
Mary E. O'Keefe, improvements at 322
Fremont street and lot 22:6x100 feet to
Grant alley. J.W>O. Subject to the approval
of the Probate Court. T. H. Room y
to Christian Fahrenkrug, improvements
and lot 30x91 feet on west line of Folsom
street. 35 feet south of Nineteenth. $2275.,
Ella ilcHenry to Raphael Tardelll. im
provements and lot 25xso feet at 4U4 Minna
street, $42o*>. Savings and Loan Society to
Henry Hindle. lot 25x130 feet, on east line
of Cook street. 175 feet south of Geary,
$575. Gecrge W. Hendry to J. W. Red
path, lot 50x120 feet on cast line of Tenth
avenue, 200 feet north of D street. $1550.
Carrie E. Bridge to Thomas Wafer, im
provements at 20 Prospect avenue and
lot 30x122:6 feet, JIOOO. Robert Pieper to B.
S. Wllkens, improvements at 7>"; and 766
Cole street and lot 25x100 feet, $5980. Han
nah Tucker to James Rennle, Improve
ments at 1030 Mission street and lot 25x
BS feet. $10,260.
Easton. Eldridge & Co.'s auction sale
last Tuesday was the most successful held
by that tirm in the last six months. The
following property was disposed of: North
side (No. lMu> Pine street, 220 feet west of
Qough street, two-story residence and lot
30x137:6 feet, $497-": south side (Nos. 1115
--lir.'ii Clay street, 137:6 feet west of Ma
soii street, four tenements and lot 10x46
feet. $3350; north -side (No. 24) Minna
street, 2"0 feet west of First street,
three bay window flats, rents $44 pel
month. fot 2'xKo feet. $3550; west
side (Nos. 313-313^4-815) Franklin street.
05 feet south of Grove, three flats,
rei ts $69 p»-r month, lot 35x103:6 feet, $6600,
subject to owner's approval; east side
iN<>". 1056) Ashbury street, south of Seven
teenth residence "and lot 60x95 feet, $1575;
south Bld( (No. 1513) Gough street. 103:fi
feet west of I^-iguna. fine residence and
stable, lot 34:4Ux137:i5 fwt. $5500: north
Bide (No. 2018) Filbert street, IH9:C, feet
west of Buchanan, two cottages, rents $20
pj r month, lot 27:6x120 feet, 11475.
E. McLaughlin is about to erect a build
ing to contain six flats and three si. res
on Ninth street, between Howard and
Folsom. at a cost of $7420.
Mrs. M. E. Bowers is to erect a two
story residence on the south Bide ol Pa
citie avenue, between Pierce and Scott
streets, to cost $11,000.
Jam"? B. Hnggin has sold to Louise
Streck the lot on the south line of Sac
ramento street, 209:1 feet west of Cherry
street. 25x137 :7Vi feet, for $1200.
Sophie S. Simpson has bought of Sig
mund Sch wahac her find wife the property
on the northwest corner of Pacific ave
-1 nue and Buchanan street, lot 68:9x127 feet,
on private t^rms.
Tne frontage of 82:6 feet on the south
side of Jackson street. 137:6 feet west of
Lagima street, was lately sold to Mrs.
Agnes Mangels for $12,000.
James Waters has bought of the Hiber
nia Bank th»> property on the west side
of Buchanan street. &2:0 feet south of
California street; lot 55x81:3 feet, for
$8600.
The property on the southwest corner
of Dolores and Twenty-fifth srreete; lot
45x101 - 9 fret, has been sold by James Me-
D.mogh and wife to Madeline C. B. de
Surville for $32TiO.
John •E. Robinson and othprs have
bought of John J. Magnin the property
on the north side of Post street. 137:6 feet
east of Buchanan street; lot 25x137:C feet,
for $5300.
J J. Evans & Co. have leased for Mrs.
W. H. Jordan the beautiful residence on
the northeast corner of Fillmore and Pa
cific avenue for a term of years v
in North Hall. The freshmen, with a fair sprinkling o f co-eds, filed into the room and barricaded
the doors. So far they were safe. But tnere was one vulnerable point which they had completely
overlooked— the windows. Hardly had the meeting got well under way before smash went a win
d"\v and n heavy rock rolled out into the middle of the floor. Soon through the big hol*> came a
heavy stream of water, sent in through a large hose calculated for extinguishing lire. The fresh
men were drenched. It was an insult which could not be overlooked and they cried for revenge.
Some piled out of windows, others smashed through the deor. but everywhere tiiere was
water. The unruly sophomores held to the hose, and it was long before the overwhelming num
ber of freshmen could wrench from them their powerful weapon. Then ensued a regular siege, and
more windows were smashed and more drenching followed. The freshmen formed into a column
and charged up the steps, but again the hose came into play and the column retreated. Some one
yelled for a rope, and that meant an old-time rush, but the appearance of several professors re
stored order in time. '
Then the men began to see the mess they had made. They could not undo it. however. There
were the broken windows, the drenched freshmen and the flooded recitation room, all strong evidence
that the rules of the college had been broken.
The action of the faculty will be determined by the report of the students" affairs committee
upon the fracas, and it is rumored that grave consequences may ensue.
Rica Pautoskey. Superior Judge Hall to
day Issued an order restraining Herman
Pautoeky, his agents, servants or em
ployes from selling or disposing of any
property or from withdrawing any money
bow deposited in any banks in Oakland I
belonging to snld llfrman, who is now
- sued by the first named, his wife,
". per month for her maintenance. I
The order does not preclude defendant
from continuing t>> carry on his junk busi
ikss on Lower Broadway.
■ ♦ ■
Death of Mrs. Gray.
BERKELEY. Sept. 15.— Mrs. Arthur W.
Gray died last nUht at her home. 2520
l.c i'onte avenue. She was th*» wife '.f
Arthur YV. (tray, an instructor in th.- de
partment of physics of the University of
California.
■ ♦ ■
Damages for Ruined Houses.
OAKLAND. Sept. I;..— Attorneys Keed
and Nufibaumer filed twelve suits to-daj
in the Justice Court for $299 each against
the Western Fuse and Explosives Com
pany. The actions are based on the claims
of property owners for damage done by
their property for the explosion a year
ago. The plaintiffs in the action are Rob
ert Stephenson, Elizabeth Woods, Joseph
Joseph H. Sisson. has begun the erec
tion of a handsome residence on the west
side of Buchanan street, just south of
Washington street. It is to be of two
stories, in the colonial style of architec
ture, and will cost about $20,000.
Plans have been prepared for a six-story
building', to be erected by F. H. Woods,
on the north fide of Geary street, between
Kearny street and Grant avenue, at a cost
of about $60,000. The present buildings are
to be torn down, and the new one will
have a frontage on Geary street of 35 feet,
on Union Square place of 40 feet and a
depth of 122 feet, from street to street.
Clinton Jones has had plans prepared
for the erection of a residence on the west
side of Devisadero street, just north of
Pacific avenue. The exterior wi«« be in
stock brick, laid in Flemish bonds, with
white stone trimmings and a stone porch.
The building will be of two stories and
an attic, and will cost about $29,000.
H. P. Sonntag is having plans prepared
for a three-story brick and st->ne building
which he intends to erect on the north
west side of Steuart street, between Mar
ket and Mission. The structure will have
a frontage of 35:10, and will cost $13,000.
The directors of the San Francisco and
San Joaquin Valley Railroad have placed
the contracts for the ferry structures at
Point Richmond with the Thompson
Bridge Company.
The City Street Improvement Company
has been awarded the contract for the
construction of the Santa Fe Railway
ferry slip at the foot of Bryant street, be
tween Spear and Main streets, its bid of
$30 890 being the lowest of the six bids re
ceived. The slip must be completed with
in four months from the signing of the
contract. ■' •■ ■ ' ,
Eleven new" building contracts were filed
during the week ending September 14 ag
gregating $45.057 in value. The largest
Was that of Mrs. Annie E. Bowers with
W. H. and T. Kinread and E. R. Tutt,
for the erection of a two-story building
on the south line of Pacific avenue, 102:6
feet east of Scott street, for $10,340. The
next largest was that of William H. Tay
lor with Robert Trost, for alterations and
additions for a two-story building on the
northwest" corner of Sixteenth and Capp
streets to cost $6642. John Rapp & Son
contracted with C. Schutt for a two-story
building for a bottling establishment, on
the southwest corner of Division and
Kansas streets, to cost $5752. Emily
Hartter signed a contract with H. A. Van
Forsen for the erection of a two-story
frame" building, with partly finished base
ment and attic, on the east line of Stelner
street, to cost $5540. E. F. Preston con
tracted with W. T. Veitch & Brother for
alterations and repairs to a frame build
ing on the northwest corner of Fillmore
and California streets, to cost $5127 50. The
other contracts of the week ranged in
value from $1166 to $3750.
There was a slight falling off in loans
during the week, the total amount put
out at interest, secured by local real .es
tate, by the savings banks, loan associa
tions and private capHalists being but
$223,300, against $231,005 for the week pre
vious. Oi this amount loans majtle by the
savings banks were as follows: Hlbernia
$''■ "On German $15,350, Savings and Loan
$17,000, Humboldt $1500 and Security $47,500.
The loans of the building associations
amounted to $23,850 and those of private
capitalists and others to $25.600.. The loan
by the Security Bank was at 6 l per. cent.
while all the loans by the Hibernia were
at 6 per cent, including one of $22,000. The
loans by building asssociations varied
from 6 to 9 per cent. Releases for the
week were $100,580, against $297,340 for the
previous week.
■ ■ ♦ ■ ,^. ; > *?~ i
They Come lO Oakland to Wed.
OAKLAND, Sept. 15.— George Wiley
Cope, aged 25 years, and Margaret CVDon
nell. aped 21. both residents of San Fran
olsol, _, cured a marriapre license to-day
at County Clerk Jordan's office, a license
v.:is also issued to Frederick Raphaer Ol
n-. do, afird 3C. and Louisa Keete, aged 27.
;i!sn (if San Franrlsi ■■..
■ ♦ .
A Soldier Accused of Theft.
Alfred Sussex, a member of Company
F. Thirtieth Infantry, was arrested last
night on Kearny street at the instigation
of R. Urban, who claims that Sussex and
two companions relieved him of $15, all
the money he had in his possession. No
money waa foupd to corroborate the
charge.
Graaf, David Williams. Ebenezer Mynott,
John llofmann. Oscar Menred. Harry
Bievers, Julia Sullivan. Antonio Sibrians,
Joseph D,amm and D. M. Hpagerty.
One oa?e has been decided favorably
to plaintiff In the Superior Court, and
should these later suits be decided in
favor of the plaintiffs there will be no
appeal past the Superior Court, which is
already on rerorri. %
The New Zealand budget shows that
the year closed with a surplus of
£40n7)00.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
PHOENIX
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF London, England (established 1752), on
the 31st day of December, A. D. 1898, and
for the year ending on that day. as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions' of Sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company....
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages......
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company ....$2,224,10. OH
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral
Cash in Company's Office 13.9G0 50
Cash in Banks ■ ••■ 312,6.-51
Interest due and accrued on all
Sleeks and Loans .................... 24.610 00
C 9.. h u»t e« handS .° £ ... "!!....•■■ 3S0.10? 53
Premiums in due Course of Col lee- JM sg6 ?4
Bills receivable! not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks
Rents due and accrued ........ ■■••••
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid..
Total Assets ..■■.....■. $3, 120.075J8
LIABILITIES. /'
Lessee adjusted and unpaid .....$ 24.104 00
Losses In process of Adjustment or .
t Is¥,6io»uu
Losses resisted. -including expenses. . . 24,455 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $1.000.,01 02,
reinsurance 50 per cent ... . 00,300 51
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,1-3,-
-265 64; reinsurance pro rata. ......... 635, »a
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks. $ ■;
reinsurance 100 per cent..
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks. j_ ; reinsurance 50
Alf other demands' against the Com-
Total Liabilities ..11,745.145 53
' INCOME. • y
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums .......... .11.992,438 ss
Net Cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums —  W"J j
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages •-• U',",'a'"a'
Received for Interest and dividends
! on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from ■
all other sources •• it>.4W 3S
Received for profit on sale of securl- _
• 3,4 V? Oo
! Received "from all other sources 3,363 19
Total Income ..$2,075,700 50
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
, eluding $259.7(2 73. losses of previ-
ous years) •••• —■• ?i,i».,iii »s
Net amount paid for. Marine Losses
; (including $- . losses of
previous years)
i Dividends to Stockholders......
Paid or. allowed for Commission or
i Brokerage i;";W an ' 9t lS
Paid for Salaries. /Fees and other
; charges for pfneers. clerks, etc.... 133.134 17
! Paid for State. National and local ,
; taxes '. • ......•••....- — ... . . 6Z,HuO i 3
i All other' payments and expenditures. 210.091 09
Total Expenditures ....: ....52.027.431 M
Fir?. .
' Losses Incurred during the year $1,188,518 99
j Risks and Premiums. IFire Risks. ! Premiums.
Net amount of Risks .
'■ written during the
I year . .r. i $385,433,306 $3,003,947 28 .
Net amount of Risks |
; expired during the -
year 403.281,252 i 3,205,243 54
I Net ■ amount in, force
December 31. I?3S [ 289,855.424 2.673.96S 66
E. B. CLARK. Assistant Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 2Sth
day of January, 1*99.
GEO. O. RUGER. Notary Public.
BUTLER & HALDAN,
, General Agents for Pacific Coast,
413 CALIFORNIA STREET,
- . BAN FRANCISCO. -
11 OF THE )
UDAyciTits/y
SHE NEGLECTED
HER HUSBAND
FOR A SOLDIER
Jesse A. Andrews Is
Given a Divorce.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
• ■ Broadway, Sept. 15.
On the strength of some very sensation
al testimony given before Superior Judge
Ellsworth, Jesse A. Andrews was to-dgy
granted a diVorce from Emma P. An
drews. The parties were married In Oc
tober, 1595, and the suit was filed some
time ago. In his complaint, prepared by
Attorney W. H. Waste, the aggrieved
husband alleged the grossest unfaithful
ness on the part of his wife, naming 1
Clem Hill, a young San Franciscan, as
corespondent. According to Mr. Andrews'
testimony the season of marital happiness
went on in an even tenor until hostilities
between this country and Spain were be
gun i.r.d volunteers came flocking into
San Francisco from everywhere. It was
then that Mrs. Andrews began neglecting
her household duties to bask in the smiles
of patriotic warriors in their blue uni
forms and brass buttons.
This went on until the neglected
spouse's suspicions werr- aroused to that
extent that he determined upon a sum
mary investigation and on July 12 last
he followed his wife across the bay to
San Francisco, where she entered a
lodging-houst-. Andrews' heart failed
him here for"*nearly half an Hour, but
finally mustering up his courage and as
certaining the location of the room his
wife had entered he forced open the door
and what h e then paw had best be left
untold. Suffice it to say that Mrs. An
drews' temporary roommate had a nar
row escape with his life. Shortly after
ward the divorce suit, was filed. The hus
band is a grainer by occupation.
Loelia M. Dailey. through her attorney,
Robert B. Gay lord, filed suit !n the Su
perior Court late this afteVnoon for a
divorce from Edward B. Dailey. The par
ties were married in 15 . . . and in her com
plaint the wife alleges continuous acts
of cruelty and abusive talk on the part
of htr spouse as the ground for her cause
of action.
IRON CRANK PUNCHED
HOLE INTO HIS TIBIA
OAKLAND, Sept. 15.— Patrick Flynn.
ag< j d 80 years and residing on Sixth street,
near Franklin, sustained a horrible injury
early this eveninp while working about
a d. rnck lifting huge stones on Fruitvale
avenue. Several others were at work on
the derrick and for some reason they lost
control of the machine, when the iron
crank struck Flynn's right if-g. causing a
(■.impound fracture just below the knee
and the end punching a hole into the bone
about the size of a half dollar. He was
promptly removed to the Receiving Hos
pital, where Drs. Stratton and Rowe re
duced the fracture and dressed the
wounds, but his recovery, owing to loss
of blood and his old age, is not assured
by any means.
STATEMENT
of the:
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE .
FIRE ASSOCIATION
Q F PHILADELPHIA, IN THE STATE OP
y D l"?S 8y «nd ' a - n j> the 31St day of December.
t2; V 7 a !Y? V r the year en <^ing on that day
%%7l , o'ii? c Insurance Commissioner of the
state of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code
condensed as per blank furnished by the CW
Hi lesion cr.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash ■■ $500,000 00
ASSETS. ' "
Real Estate owned by Company $32' 5 n 37
Loans on Bonds and ilortaeaires 2.034 199 n
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and '9 "
Bonds owned by Company ■> 963 1?1 1-
Amount of Loans secured by pledge "' ! " ><s ' llil "°
of Bonds, Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as coUateral 161550 00
Cash in Company's Office 11 36S si
Cash in Banks ■ 158007 m
Interest due and accrued on "ail l
Stocks and Loans 20 134 09
Interest due and accrued on Bonds * '
and Mortgages 55 «-* it-
Premiums in due Course of Co'iiec- '
tion (joi ifif tj a
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks
Rents due and accrued 2 633 "5
Due from other Companies for Re- ' •
insurance on losses already paid... 20,073 74
Total Assets ..$6.430,563 38
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $123 355 79
Losses in process of Adjustment or '
in Suspense 123.816 21
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 36 410 93
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one ye.ir or less, $1,792,95S 75;
reinsurance 50 per cent .' 896 494 33
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $2,039 -
150 09; reinsurance pro rata '. 1129 056 17
Gross premium! on Marine and In-
land Navigation Ricks, $ ; re-
insurance 100 per cent
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks. $ ; reinsurance 50 per
cent
Amount reclnlmable by the insured
•on perpetual, fire insurance • poli-
cies 1 gig 2\2 »<>
All other demands against the Com- ' ' "
I' anv 301,27133
Total Liabilities $4,565,917 59
INCOME. ——
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $2 521 75 23
Perpetual deposits received .'." '61 704 «3
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 130.300 23
Received for Interest and dividends '
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources • <«■•< »t
Received for Rents .....VS.'. 6 637 94
Received from all other sources '. 17*4? 33
Total Income ..$2.563.6250S
EXPENDITURES. '
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $212,786 58, losses of pre-
vious years) $1 533 54123
Net amount paid for Marine Losses ' 7
'(Including $ , losses of pre-
vious years)
Dividends to Stockholders .'.'.'.'. 200,00000
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 552 539 14
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 264 19S 73
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 81,003 04
All other payments and expenditures 180,637 16
Total Expenditures .$2,811,969 32
:..
Fire.
Losses incurred during the y- r $1,591,997 43
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. ! Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year ; $296,833,623 |3,555,«94 04
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year ; 311,862.977 3,230,287 89
Net amount in force
December 31. 1888.... 355.208.055 3,832,133 34
~ E. C. IRVIN. President. "
BENJ. F. HERKNESS, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before n* this 234
day of January. 1898.
" THOMAS B. PKOSSER. Notary Publlo.
T. C. SHANKLAND,
STATE AGENT.
' JiNO. D. RICHARDS,
Manager S. F. Department, -• ;
219 SANSOME STREET.
SAN FRAJSrCISCO^ CAI* — -\
1112
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Franel«eo
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in th.- year.
BRANCH OFFICES 527 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until - :30 o'clock.
SCO Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
f39 McAllister r-treet; pen until 3:30 o'clock.
611 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
is<4r Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2m Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'elo.-k.
IC6 El°venth street: open until 9 o'clock.
1096 Valencia street: open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corr.er of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky street?: open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES. . i
PAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal _«\_
Arch Masons, mert HIS EVENING \X
V. M. and M. E. M. degrees ' v *
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. IF. and A. •
. M.. will meet THIS SATURDAY) _J\_
' EVENING, September X., at 7:30 /Lj\
o'clock. Second degree. By order of the /XT >
Master. FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
TERBA nuena L^rtge No. 15. I. O. ja9Sss£fi_
o f. win moot TO-sior.now
(Sunday) at 12:30 p. m." to con- 73 3}3<p*Si^
juot the funeral of cur d»cas°d ••ft****
brother E." R. KNIPPENBERG. '
• i: VS. WILSON, N. G.
W. H. ritOTT. IU-c. S.-c.
ACCOUNTANTS.
E. X BALL'ARD, 4.1 Cal. St.. designs audits ft
ofl < n>'ts acnunti" for oorpnmMons A firms: ref.
\ rTORNEYS AT LAW.
VAGUIRE _ GALLAGHER— James G. Ma-
pulre (ex-Congressman) and James L. GsJ'.a-
Kher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
ing, 825-855 Market st.: tel. South 215.
ADVICE free; divorc- law a specialty; private;
po fee with, success; lections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. SSO Market, cor. Stocktn.
CLARA FOLT7J. attorney at law, Crocker
b!dg. : tel. Black 71; practices in all courts, j
i* S. CLARK; Emma Spreckels building. 927
Market: consultation free; no fees In advance.
.. H. PARKER, 916. Market St., room lii; advice
free; charpe low ; business pushed.
r."A(.;LK A NAGLE, Attorneys- Law, Emma
Pprerkels building, 9'2~ Market st.
/ DVlCE'free: r.n charge iriless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Mnrket St.. ":.i. Mason.
HOARD AND ROOMS.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT— Strictly first-class; 1714
Market m.. 8. F. Cal.: American and Euro-
|l>ean plan: elegantly furnished rooms, single
or en suite: board and room, 51 per day up;
tuites without board. $1 per day; single rooms,
We: special rates by month, a.so to tourists.
A-N exceed inely quiet and attractive private
Span:sh home; K",.d table; suitable for 2 gen-
tleman or ir.arried couple, us* of telephone;
referc-r.ee. 225 Geary, st.
AN exceedingly quiet and attractive home Is
open to a few appreciative people: terms. in
advance. $35. Home, box 2267 CalK j
11.].: 007— Well-furnished front rooms, with
good beard: bath; telephone; gas: piano.
i.'EAP.Y. $>— Elegant suite, bath, front Bar-
den, separate entrance; alsn single rooms.
O'FARRELL', 742— Clean, comfortable rooms;
good home cooking; special rates to gents.
THEi LONG WORTH. 532 Geai-y— Elegantly fur-
nished front suit; single; best board
VAN NESS aye., 940^-Nlcely furnished rooms
and board; all modern conveniences.
VAN .NF.SS. 944-r-EleganUy furnished rooms;
excellent board: special rates to »-ouples.
BOARDING FOR CUILDRKN.
WANTED— One or two children to board. 306
Bartlett st. Use piano; near school.
WANTED— lnfant to board; $10 per month, 210
LHxir.pt-in ay. •
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
(-c HOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes 8.-rik Co.. 7(4 Mission Ft.. near Third.
nUSINESS CHANCES.
13750 — Mai Ft. corner saloon, close to Chronl-
cle, well storked, paying tiptop; lease; owner
must go to Mexico. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— si:\>o— DAIRY, produce and delicacy store
In very best location and doing a good pay-
ing business; elegantly fixed up; sell whole
or take partner. Cull R. G. . WILKE. Sub
Market st.
A— S3SOO— CORNER grocery and bar on Hayes
Bt.; rent $35: old-establ. and good paying
place; no credit; all cash custom. Inquire R.
G. WILKE, Ku> Market St.
A »7C"> PAPER route; call and examine. R.
G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— {i-50— CORNER saloon with 6 rooms; rent I
JGC; mercantile lunch: surrounded by whole- |
tale bouses and iron foundries; place clearing |
above $150 per month; lease; a splendid offer,
R. G. v, [LKE, S-j6 Market St.
A— !4'.OO— THE leading restaurant and oyster
iiarlor on Market st.; open day and night; no
better paying place in this city; lease. R. G. ,
NVILI 906 Market st.
|JOO— CORNER saloon, with side entrance and
clubroom; runs $00; choicest location; 1 block
from Pli-lan building. R. G. WILKE. 906
Market st.
A— 11500; CORNER grocery and bar; transfer
point; rent J4O; a good-paying store; estab- 1
lished rears: full value in sight; all cash
trade. Call R. G. W ILKE. 906 Market st.
. A-J'I7S— I'.KSTA U RAN ; location where 1000
persons employed; meals 20c; rent $15; must
st-U. STENBERQ & CO., 26H Kearny st
A— KO— BAKERY: fine location; handsome
sure; 6 sunny living rooms; 3 good horses,
•wagon; baking 2>i barrels flour dally; owner
retiring. STENBERG & CO.. 26,2 Kearny st.
A ...~
Cigar Stand
fronting popular hotel of 700 rooms. STEN-
BERG & CO.. 264 Kearny st.
A— s7so— BUTCHER shop: prosperous town of
Ptate: 75 miles from city: more than value;
best-class trade: hotels, restaurants and pri-
vate; worth $1500; clearing $100 monthly. M.
!_ESS. 7G5 Market St.
A— s7."o— CORNER; fruit, groceries, cigars, to-
bacco, candles, etc.; store central; north, nr.
Market; clearing $125 monthly; retiring from
business. M. LKSS, 765 Market St.
|200-^BARBER shop; 3 chairs; 4 rooms; rent
«17 50; must be sold; snap. LESS. 765 Mark/t.
A— SHOO— SALOON, 4 fur. rms.; good chance
man and wife. ,i; ;DO & CO., 22' : Geary st.
A— S3OO— BRANCH bakery, delicatessen; 3 rms.;
gc<id bus. KREDO & CO., 22H Geary st.
A-5450-GROCERY. bar: good cor.: n. Market;
J. to $30 day. KREDO & CO.. 22V> Geary st.
BARGAINS this week. ■ ,;.•>. 917 Market.
Haloon; 3 rooms; at half value $27",
Grocery and bar; fine location; rooms 225
Partner In rest, business: tears $75 each. 250
Bakery, cenfee, cigars, etc.: country town 500
Restaurant clearing JloO month:. vicinity Mar-
ket and City Hall; best of reasons for selling.
$750— RESTAURA.NT; bargain: disagreement of
partners. McLauehiin & Co., ""'. Market.
$:r.o— SALOON; best barcaln in the city. Me-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777U Market St.
S7OO— SALOON— Best location city; near Market
Ft.; central: fine business. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
FOR pale— One-hnlf Interest in country news-
paper; c.lcU-ct and b°st in county; largest cir-
culation: (tihkl tiiisinepr; county sp^t; Republi-
can: best climate in California. Address
FRED LORING, Lakpport.
A CHANCE fur house painter; old-established
b'JEin'-ss. tools and stock; low rent. 828
Washington Bt.
BUTCHER shop; gooil Incation: cash business :
sickness cause for selling; a bargain. Box
2f>73. Call office.
CARPENTER wishing a business that he can
push. Address box 2065, Call.
AN interest in a placer mine In California;
muFt have $500. Box 2196, Call.
[$350 SECURES third Interest in Pacific Coast
Supply Company: investigate: business prop-
osition; active man or man. Call or ad-
dress Pacific Const Supply Comoany, 122
■■ th Sutter St.. Stockton. Cal.
BRANCH bakery and grocery store of 11 years'
Ftandins: to be sold cheai GEO. w. 11.
PATTERSON & CO., 1706 Market st.
BARBERS— SI7S; 2-chalr shon. tine fixtures,
near S. F. : fine location: good prices; cheap
rent: J25. $?.O week. rONES, 565 Market st.
$4.-.O— SALOON and hinch house; 9 rooms; beet
location on city front; good place for man
and wife or 2 men, or will accept good man
•as partner. Apply liquor store, Sls',-4 Folsom
st., near Fourth. '_
$f,oo— OLD-ESTABLISHED transfer cor. saloon
on two principal streets, south Marßet; Weil
stocked; good business; trial given. Box 2048,
Call.
\wjQ — RES' "■■ : RANT, vicinity Third and
Market; intending purchaser can have trial a
v ... or more. Apply 743 Mission st.
RESTAURANT; paying; first-class location;
all conveniences. COREY, 2418 Central aye.,
Alameda.
INVENTOR of an indispensable tool wants a
'moneyed partner; a good thing. Box 550,
Call office.
# <rf) PARTNER wanted In wholesale and re-
tull business; estab.. 6 years. Box 1561, Call.
AN. offer wanted: old-established corner saloon;
side entrance to tamale cafe; fair stock and
a good business. , 632 Market St.. room 6.
SANDWICH wagon" ready for use. Apply Kit
•Treat «vv«, near Twenty-second et.
UCSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
HERE la a — Saloon with 7 rooms, suit-
able for family; In best part of city: low
rent; will sell cheap; doing splendid business;
owner's retirement voluntary; no agents, pur- '
chasers only sought. Address box 2042, Call.
RETAIL and wholesale wine business on Mar-
ket st.; widely known and well advertised; j
Steadily growing bar and family trade; own-
er completely retiring from line «f business;
rare chance for active party. Communicate at
once with D. E. N., box 3203, Call office; no
agents. • • '
BARBER shop and bath house for sale cheap;
South San Francisco, San Mateo County; sell
on account of sickness. .
TO LET— Fine business location, northwest
corner Post and I-arkin; lOCS Lurkin, living I
room. $17 50. 102 Eddy St.
SALOON— S3SO; fixtures alone worth price. 12
Seventh St.. I. O. O. F. building, opposite
new Postofiice building. •
CASH grocery, dally receipts, $23; i;nt 515: sold
; ot a sacrifice, owner having to leave at once.
1 Address box 792. Call office, Oakland.
WOOD, coal yard: must be sold; double and
single team. lOCS Sutter st.
RESTAURANT, with every convenience;
fine location; good trade; sickness. lOCS Hyde.
1 FOR honest dealing, buying, selling a business, j
trust to Pacific Room Renting Co., 426 Kearny,
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GKO.
W. CASWELL X- CO'S\4l2 Pncrnmcnto ft.
PRIVATE boarding house: 15 rooms; all full;
north of Market. Box IS4I. Call office.
GOOD paying Inside route lor sale; this papv.
Apply C^ill office.
FOR — Good, paying Inside rout* on this
paper. Apply Call office.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
DELIVERY wagon carrying one ton; top and
road buggy, good as new. SHAW, 1621 Markt.
STRONG- grocery wagon, top, fine horse and
harness; cheap. 1423 Powell •■'.
\ 100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses 1141 Folsom st
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
| ftp cheap. F.OAN .<- PON. 1 "" Mission st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
rend to SPAULDINGS Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama st.: tel. S. 40.
LAST and best. Sanitary Cleaning Co.. "for
health." 342 McAllister st.: phone South 146.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.!
4"3 Stevenson st. : tel South 223: lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 02 Sutter st. ;
•tel. Main 354. GEO. WALCOM Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: laid at 3c. |
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944. j
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th j
st.; cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
KLIN'S Carpet-bent'.ng Works, 333 "Jolden
Gntp nve.: tel. East 12*.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
C PI( A Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing; a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
Agent. Office :•-■'. factory. " S; ■■ . - st.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND vllilli Vl j
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and I
card reader; born with d üble veil and second !
sight; diagnoses disease; full life readings; j
ladies. 60c;. gents.- $1; sittings. $1 50. 126 Turk.
C STEERS, medium. 1124 Oak St.; eirelpa
Tues 8 p. m.; Thurs.. 2p. m. ; $25c; read-
lnes $1.
MADAME A. CERVANTES, ■ the celebrated
Spanish fortune-teller, newly arrived. S
Hayes St.. room 7. second floor?
MME HANSON, card reader and palmist;
1 ast, present, future :.".c. 148 Sixth St.. r. 12.
GYPSY life reader: satisfaction Kuaranteed; j
25c; reading by mall $1. 5 Seventh st. ;
SPIRIT test. busli medium; sit. 50c, $1; cir-
cle Tues., Thurß.. ?at.- at 8, 10c. 10 Valencia.
PROF. GEE. readings, $1; test circles Tues., i
Thurs.. Fri., 8 p. m.; 25c. 1035 Market at.
MME. LANGE, queen of clairvoyants. 1107 Mar-
ket, bet. 7th and Mh; fee 25c up; satisfaction..
MME MOREAU, the best medium and card J
j reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth si near Mission.
MMi" AUGUST. 1149 Mission St.. clatrvoyant,
card reader and palmist; truth or no pa: 2.') C.
MRS 1 J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader, medical clairvoyant. 232 Stockton.
YOUR future told by cards. 25c; dally. 10 a.
m. to 10 p. m. ; Sun.. 7tolo p. m 106 Larkln.
MRS C. J. MEYER 335McAUIster. tests dally ex-
cept Wed. Sat. :2 & p.m.,10c&2r.c sittings 'ally.
MME SYBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus- :
bnnii's picturp. ?'■-: Indies 'M ■ "' ''■■—»!! St.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
, GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no rhnrge un-
i less nuecessful. Rrw-,m 310. 9r7 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 6 rooms and bath and yard; gar-
den. 121 Pfelffer. bet. Stockton nd Dupont. |
- ■ - i
DENTISTS. fcjj.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS" dental parlors, 927 I
Market Bt.. over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract- '
cd without pain by the use of electricity, gas ;
cr chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap- [
plied to the gums; the b*st and most artistic j
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold I
fillings from $1 up; other fillings from 60c; j
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and ■
filled or crowned without pain; plates that fit j
from $4 £0 up- flesh colored plates from $3 50 |
up: teeth without platet. a specialty; open ;
evenings and Sundays.
A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry, j
Synol, on application to the gums, removes j
the pain; see cur flesh-colored plates, thinner j
and stronger than rubber, warranted "for 20 j
years crown and bridge work; teeth with- !
out a plate: fillings. We; crowns, $3 50; plates,
full set. $5; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar- i
ket St.. cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg:, you can !
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth j
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
S3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 f.O up; of- i
flee hours. 9a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2 j
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.". Manager, j
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 2" O'Farrell Bt., ex-
tracts arid fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4:
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no student?: guaranteed 12 y-nrs.
VAN VROOM — Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years: lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market st. ]
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
BET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
MEYER. 6 Turk: Deutscher Zahnarzt; crown
and brldce work: open Sunday*. 9 to 12 m.
i
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
LATEST patterns lust arrived from New York
nt McDowell Dressmaking School, iw T'nst.
EDUCATIONAL. '
HEALD'S Business College, '-i Post St., San
Francisco— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, telegraphy,
English branches, civil and. mining engineer-
ing assaying, blowpipe, geology, mineralogy,
surveying, etc.; electrical engineering— theory, ,
practice, design, construction, . mechanical
drawing: 25 teachers; individual Instruction;
200 graduates annually placed in positions;
rtudents can enter for any course any time;
no entrance —Laminations; new 80-page cata-
logue free.
A NIGHT School for Men, Y. M. C. A., Mason
and Ellis — Opens October 2. Business and
Industrial course— Shorthand, typewriting,
bookkeeping, electricity, mechanical and
architectural drawing, German. Spanish,
English, grammar, mathematics, elocution,
commercial law, physical culture classes, etc. !
A membership privilege. Call or send for j
school catalogue. Tuition within reach of all.
ACRES' Business College. 723 Market St., short-
hand typewriting, bookkeeping, writing Eng-
lish telegraphy, under qualified teacher; low
rates; life scholarship, $50; catalogue.
A— TI?E Lyceum, accredited preparatory school
for the universities, law and medical colleges;
day and evening courses; references, Pres.
Jordan or any Stanford professor. big.
• M. O. BARRETT, a leading court and general ;
reporter (graduate of State Normal). Instructs
in short! and; pupils by mail 302 Montgomery. .
! ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
1 Ellis system; sunny rooms: low rates: day, ' '
i even. San Francisco Bus. College, 123 a Markt.
. ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
-1 ing, mech. survey, assay.archl. ;day and even.;
I eet. 18C4 VAN DER XAILLEN. 953 Market.
1 LADY, experienced high school teacher, Uni- I
versity graduate .teaches in families. 954
1 Adeline st.. Oakland. |
L I SINGING, piano: Paris grad. : French, Spanish, !
. $2 mo. 530 G. G. aye.. r. 6-7; hours 2 to 8.
: GUITAR taught scientifically and artistically.
■ Mrs. C. J. & Miss Elsie Tooker. 1008 Bush st. .
' PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory of !
1 L«lpslc; lessons. 76c. 820 Golden Gate aye.
LAW Schools. 927 Market, S. F., and 905 Broad-
• way. Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
. "EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus- j
• lnesw College.. 305 Larkln St.. opp. City Hall, j
i BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic. grammar. writing; !
day and night; terms low. 1024 Misslon.nr.6th.
I A WEEK'S news for 6 cents- The Weekly Call,
18 *&*««. la wrapper, for maiUn«, |1 per year.
THE SA_T FB AN CISCO CATJL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1899.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment — Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds'
help. GEO. OAKI. 30 Geary st. : tel. Grant £6.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
YOUNG woman from the East wants general
housework; small washing. 3993 Eighteenth
St., near Noe.
WOMAN wishes position to do housework;
wages .<■:■. 19Vi Fourth St., room 9.
GERMAN girl wants a place to do cooking in a
private family; no washing; good references.
Box 2197, Call office.
YOUNG woman leaving for Hawaii, Is used to
traveling and a worker, wishes the care of
Invalid or children; free fare expected. Apply
150 Cook st : t .
FIRST-CLASS ilreasmoker wishes work In fam-
ilies or at home. aI9A Sutter St.; telephone
Larkln 902. . .
SITUATION wanted by tailored to work on
custom-made pants. Address MRS. MAY LE
FILS, 412 Santa Clara St., Vallejo. Cal.
SITUATION wanted by a respectable woman
as nurse; good reference. 613 O'Farrell at.
WANTED— a first-class German cook, a
position In "private family. Address J. S.,
23S Twenty-seventh et.
HESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st __________
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414"4 O'Farrell st. : tel. East 425.
A FIRST ''LASS cutter out of position owing
to his service during Spanish-American war
desires a position in city or country as cut-
ter; doesn't ask bier salary; will guarantee
satisfaction. Call or address W. DIDERRICH,
462] Eighteenth st. ■ .
WANTED, by a married man. steady position
In wholesale or retail grocery or drug store;
5 rears' experience; living wages, with Chance
for promotion. Address or call W. G. X.,
732 Howard St.
BARBERS— Experienced barber wants position
or good location In country town or camp:
sober and reliable; references. Address box
2069, Call office
SITUATION wanted by a niiddle-a^od sea
captain as foreman over a gang of men
or responsible watchman; references. Ad-
dress box 2061, Call of tics.
WANTED— Position as manager of either
stock, grain or fruit ranch by competent
man of family; best of references and bonds
If required. Address A. W., 1915 Fillmore.
AN Eastern young college and law school man.
just admitted, desires position In a law of- j
flee; salary moderate. Address box 2270. Call. j
WANTED—A position as blacksmith fcr a 1
sawmill; railroad and woods work. Address 1
box 2276, Call office.
A YOUNG East Indian would like a position as
porter in hotel or pantry work. Address bos
2275, Call office.
1 WANT paperhanglng or tinting or painting
to do; house decorating. Apply 207 Eighth at.
MIDDLE man; talks French. English,
Italian fluently. White or call 23 Hunt st.
JAPANESE boy wants situation as a school I
boy. Address box 21'.>4 Call. j
WANT situation; steward or manager in small
house, with references; wide experience; good
reputation: great ability; sober and econom-
ical- capable to till any vacancy in the house;
•will ' go anywhere. GEO. STALL, New York
Exchange, .San Jose.
COMPETENT hotel clerk, young, active, mar-
ried, first-class hotel experience, wants per- I
manent situation; city or country. Commu- •
nicate with box 2271, Call office. .
STEADY young man wants position as black-
smith or horseshoeing; state wages. Box
20€i>. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class all-around
cook: city or short distance in country. Ad-
dress bos 2049, Call of flee.
WELL- EXPERIENCED bar man wants posi- '
tion; country preferred: speaks English and
German. Address box 2051, Call. I
MIDDLE-AGED man with large experience, ■
used to handle large gang of men. speaking :
three .. : . lages, would like position to run .
lar*;e ranch. Box 2269. Call. I
ENGINEER and machinist: young and prac- j
tical; any kind of engine; all kinds of re- :
pairing; also electrical machinery; Al refer-
ence. Uox 3294. Call. ,
COACHMAN and genera] man wants situation:
single, good worker-; good references. Address
Stable. 1217 California St., city.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and !
subscriptions baa been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician.
IP7I'A Market St.. San Francisco. Exam. free.
FLATS TO LET.
A LOWER bay-window flat; 4 large rooms,
bath. yard. 714 Franklin st., nr. Golden Gate. |
FINE sunny flat; three large rooms and bath;
latest Improvements; key 713 Grove st.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN * HOW ELL.
10 Montgomery st
FLAT of 5 rooms, bath and sunny yard. 280i»'.
California st.
FLAT of 5 nice rooms. 1230 Sacramento St., j
near Jones.
FOR sale or to let, a newly furnished sunny
flat. - rooms and bath; S7S Broadway. In- :
quire 1402' i well st.
FURNITURE 4 rooms for sale: party baying
can retain flat cheap; inquire Sunday after 10
a. m. 317 Sutter st. j
HARRISON, SSI near Sixth— Clean flat; 6
rooms, bath: rent $22.
MODERN flat, 7 rooms and bath; marine view; ;
Bunny corner. Taylor and Green sts. : $27.
NEWLY furnished flat; 7 rooms and bath;
modern conveniences. Apply 1445 McAllister. ;
NEW sunny flat. 7 rooms and 2 kitchens; lat-
est Improvements; bay windows. 417H Third.
NOVELTY In flats, 3 rooms, bath, nil improve- !
ments to make home comfortable. 1627 Folsom.
— FOLSOM, 909, near Fifth; new bay-win-
dow flat; 6 light rooms; bath; gas; ♦üb*.
4 ROOMS and stable; $10. Apply 2622 Mis-
sion st.
$20— LOWER flat, 6 rooms, porcelain bath and
sink 2 mantels, pantry, yard. 2105 Jones st.
2 CHOICE sunny flats: 6 and 7 rooms, bath;
sanitary plumbing:. 1236-1340 Fell. nr. Baker.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED."
NICELY furnished flat of 4 rooms and bath;
. sunny yard. 11l Fell st.
FLATS WANTED.
WANTED- A or 5 room flat; no children. Ad-
.ii. - box 2274. Call.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TAPESTRY Brussel carpet sewed, laid and
lined, 25c to &0c; linen warp matting, 15c per
yard this week only. EASTERN OUTFIT-
TING CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st.
FURNITURE of an 8-room flat for sale; no
agents. Call between 11 and 3, 7 Hyde st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50. with No.
7 ranjre. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
WANTED— ISOOO carpets. furniture, etc. ; highest
price paid; postal. M. Sllversteln, 1121 Market.
I'M. hwrni- H--b.Ft '•ash nrice paid. 859 Mission.
FUBRIKR*, runs, ETC
ELECTRIC seal capes, Astrakan toques. $10 to
$30. ROUT. WALLACE, 115 Kearny: top floor.
MI-Ll' WANTED AGENTS. .
AGENTS, wanted— Men and women dot say I
want to get into business; Investigate. Ad-
dress or call PACIFIC . COAST SUPPLY
COMPANY, 122 North Sutler st, Stockton,
Cal.
CANVASSER to sell Government publication;
[rood opportunity. 6 Market st., jewelry store.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
WANTED — and reliable firm requires serv-
ices of intelligent lady, $15 per week; ea«y
work, short hours. Address Dept. H, Globe
Co.. 723 Chestnut St.. Philadelphia, Pa.
EXPERIENCED operators wanted to take
work home on ladles' and children's -wear. 723
Market St., room 35.
WOMAN who understands German cooking for
family of 2. Apply between 10 a. m. and 12
m. at 2444 Jackson st. ■
WOMAN for general housework; two in fam-
ily; references required. Bakery, 3586 Sev-
enteenth St., near Noe.
WANTED— Experienced girl for tailoring. Ap-
ply SB3 Halght St., near Devlsaderd; call
early. \ :
EXPERIENCED operators on. ladles' capes;
good pay. MEYER BROS.. 7 and 9 Battery.
WANTED— A' competent cook. Forenoon, 1002
Van Ness aye. . " ■ . .
GIRL for housework; good home. 8007 Six-
teenth ft., above Mission.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
cTR7IiAI?S^N~&^o7rrpHONE GRANT 185 |
2 waitresses. Salinas $20; 2, Bakersfleld (arm
work), $20; 1, Bakersneld. $20, fare here; wait- j
.ress, Vallejo $20" waitress, Lathrop, $20; 6 |
waitresses, restaurant. $5-$7 week; 2 lunch
waitresses, $60 and $3 50 per week- laundress,
Jamestown (fare here), $17 60: laundress, city.
$20-$25; cook for country restaurant. $30; cook
for hotel. San Mateo, $25; laundress, institu-
tion, $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
EXPERIENCED clerk for candy store. $7 a
week. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
GIRL for candy store; experience not neces-
sary, $7 a week, C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st.
GIRL for housework for Antloch, $20. see party I
here; girl for housework. Los Banos. $20, see 1
party here- 40 girls for second work and gen- i
eral housework $15, $30. C. R. HANSEN _
CO., 104 Geary' st. .
WOMAN for dishes and silver, city, $25. C. R,
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. ________
WANTED— Laundress and chambermaid, $25;
2 second girls at $25, country and city; 4 sec- j
find girls $20; German nurse, $20; 3 German
cooks, $30; hotel cooks at $35; boarding-house :
cooks, $20 and $26; 4 hotel waitresses, $20, city,
also country 6 restaurant, at $5 and $6 week:
woman with a child. $15; 15 German and
Swedish girls for housework. $20-125; laun-
dress, Institution $20; 40 girls for housework,
city and country, $20-$25. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 316 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID and waitress, same country
hotel, $20 each; woman with a child to cook i
on ranch $15, see party at our office 10 a. m. i
to-day. MURRAY & READY. 63J-636 Clay st.
OPERATORS wanted in factory to work on
children's coats. 723 Market St., room 35.
GIRL to assist In the kitchen. 742 O'Farrell st.
EXPERIENCED saleslady for dry goods; also
a girl or woman for housework. 1221 Stockton.
GIRL wanted for light housework; wages
an.l good home If suits. 153^ Third St.- •
WANTED— girl to assist with baby; ref-
erences. 419 Eleventh st.
WOMAN to take full charge of infant; $2 50 per
week. Address box 2277, Call office.
ERRAND and apprentice girl for dressmaking.
619 Taylor st.
WANTED— GirI to mind two children. Call
2813 Greenwich st. j
WANTED— German girl for general housework;
call early to avoid the rush. 710 Haight st.
WOMEN and girls— Apply immediately. CALI-
' FORNIA CANNERIES CO. LTD., Branr.an
St.. between Third and Fourth.
EXPERIENCED canners wanted; apply Im-
mediately. CALIFORNIA CANNERIES CO.,
LTD.. Brannan St., bet. Third and Fourth.
GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS!
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 324 Fremont St..
are putting in the very best sewing ma-
chines and will take In several hundred more j
operators on overalls; good wages. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
PROFESSIONAL canvassers to demonstrate
Hoover Health Foods; call early; good wages. !
1327 Market st. . j
WANTED— A girl with good experience to
work at custom tailoring; steady work.
1175 A Market st
1 COOKS at $25; 4 girls, housework, $20; 3 girls
for general work at $15. and others. MISS j
WEBSTER, Employment Bureau, 954 Broad- [
way, Oakland.
FRENCH-SPEAKING fancy goods saleslady
wanted Apply box 1256, Call. j
WANTED — Experienced apprentice on custom
' coats. 651 Folsom st., corner Hawthorne.
WANTED — A German girl for cooking and
housework. Inquire 321 Kearny st.
WANTED— Three girls to go to the country;
light employment. Address box 2195. Call.
YOUNG girl to assist with light housework.
Apply 339 Twelfth st.
OPERATORS on body machine. U. S. LAUN-
DRY, Sixteenth St., near Valencia.
BRIGHT lady to canvass and collect: $10
weekly easily earned. Box 3295, Call office.
IRONERS wanted by U. S. LAUNDRY ASSO-
CIATION, Sixteenth st., near Valencia.
WOMEN and girls wanted to worK on fruit. at
276 San Jose aye.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions lias been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
HELP "WANTED — MALE.
SOLDIERS wanting work or. the railroad as la-
borers, teamsters or tunnelmen, at wages of
$1 75 to $2 75 a day, can secure it from us
free of any expense to the work. C. R. i
■ HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. . !
FREE... FARE AND FEE FREE '
For railroad laborers, teamsters and tunnel-
men, wages $175 to $2 75, for the Coast Rail-
road. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
STONEMASONS, $4 a day; helpers, $2 25; free
fare C. R. HANSEN A CO., 104 Geary st.
FREE VALLEY ROAD FARE j
4 -horse teamsters, $2 26 a day; 2 horse team-
sters. $2: laborers, $2. C. R. HANSEN _ CO..
104 Geary st.
TEAMSTERS, . and 4 horse, for Madera; free
fare... C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
BLACKSMITH, $2 a day and found; stable-
man, $25; farm hand, $25 and found; 2 labor-
ers, city, $1 and found; lumber pliers, see j
boss here, $30 and found: Wood worker. $2 50
a day; blacksmith, city, $2 a day and found.
C. R. HANSEN _ CO., 104 Geary st.
2 BELL boys, same country hotel, $15 each;
porter and runner, country hotel,' $20; neat
bell boy, city, Mi to $1S; experienced elevator
boy with references, $20. C. It. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
HARNESSMAKER. $123 a day and found:
blacksmith helper, $2 25 a day, free fare. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
7 ALMOND pickers; $1 a day and found. C. R.
HANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary st.
TWO colored waiters, north, $27 50. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
3 MEN for a salt works. $1 a day and found:
lumber pliers, $30; 8 men for laboring, near
city, $2 a day; 3 farmers, $25: 2 painters, city,
$2 60. C. R. HANSEN _ CO., 104 Geary st.
8 LARGE boys for stock boys in a dry goods
store. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
BAKER, country hotel, $45 and found; cake
baker, city, $40 and found: second cake baker,
country, $30 and found; third hand on bread,
$30 and found; meat and pastry cook, country
hotel, $60; cook. $40. city: country. $40; 2 !
waiters. $9 a week; 2 waiters. $30; houseclean- 1
er, country hotel, $20; camp cook, $50, free
fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Cook, and wife as waitress, $60;
baker, $46: oysterman for country. $8 week
and found nnd increase: porter for saloon,
$20 and found, country; hotel and boarding
house cooks, $35, $40 and $50; restaurant cooks,
waiters nnd dishwashers and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— men and wives for private family.
$35; clerk for lodging house, $35; boy for store,
$3 week; farmers, $20 and $26: butcher boy,
$10 week; 20 teamsters, $2 day; blacksmith,
$16 week; machinist for country, and many
others for all kinds of work at going wages.
J. F. CROSETT A CO., Sacramento st.
WANTED— IO laborers for mill and woods, $26
and found, fare advanced; 5 barkers, $30; 3
Jackscrowers, $30 and $35; 4 crosscut sawyers,
$20 to $35. fare advanced, see boss in city
to-day. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacra-
mento Ht. • .
KITCHEN porter. $20: dishwasher, $20; porter,
$20. HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery st.
STEADY man satisfied with $15 to $18 per week
wanted for permanent place; light work;
must have $75 cash; experience not necessary.
1032 Market St., room 4.
Harness— taker; country shop; eld-
erly man. no family. See party 265 Steven-
son St.. Saturday,. bet. 12 and 2 o'clock p. m, ;
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday. 744
Fourth st.
BARBER wanted; wages $14 a week. 54 Third
street.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday. 1
1073 Market St., near Seventh. j
BARBER, a good one, for Saturday and Sun-
day. 1104 Fillmore street. ■ .
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
604 Seventh Bt.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 848 Val-
encia street. • ■
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 137&
Fifth st. I
BARBER wanted: four days each week: $4 50;
Saturday and Sunday. 108 Fourth st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. Corner
Golden Gate aye. and Hyde st.
BARBER for Saturday; wages. $3. 52 Sev-
. enth st, ■' ,' .
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday. 1919
Hyde st. . , ■
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday;
■ wages $4 50. 3114 Fillmore St., nr.: Greenwich.
WANTED— Barber I for Saturday and Sunday;
wages $5. 202 Fourth st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 1322 Pow-
ell st. -j-
WANTED— barber with references. Amer-
ican barber shop, San Luis Oblapo. Cal. 1
HELP WANTED — MALE.
MURRAY & READY... ...PHONE MAIN 6548
Leading Employment and Labor Agents
WANT TO-DAY FROM 7 A. M..-----
-2 machinists, $3 day ..engineer, ?W and f°u-> d
!> blacksmiths, horseshoers, $3 day. *-0. *4<J,
$30 and found • •
2 wood- turners, $2 75.. mi1l bench hand, $2 75
upholsterer, $2 50 band sawyer. $2 to
painter, carriage, $40 and found; sash and
door maker
setter, sawmill, $66 and found ; cooper for
winery; lather for sawmill company; slate
splitters, cabinet makers.
MURRAY & READY. 6154 nnd f 36_Clay_st.
FRUIT PICKERS, $30&fd.. GRAPE PICKERS
518 men and boys (no experience required);
this is a great year for fruit, grape and h.>p
licking; its beautiful to go Into these vine-
yards, orchards and hop yards; truly, they
are gardens of paradise.
REMEMBER ::
, You can have a nice vacation and about 90
days' work. We are sending about 255 daily
to all parts of California. After your day s
work is over or on Sundays you can go swim-
ming, boating, dancing, play foot and base-
ball and other games, or go to churches near
by. You arc paid $30 per month, with good
board, lodging, etc. Office fee only $1
railroad fare from 51.. ..C0ME AND SEE US
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
TO FARM. DAIRIES
HAY AND HARVEST FIELDS
i* harvest and hay hands for all kinds of
work, $2 50, $2. $150, $125 day
43 steady farm Jobs to-day
$35 )30. %-"> and found
16 milkers J25 nnd $30 and found
CHOREMEN AND BOYS
23 choremen and buys for farms, stores, fac-
tories, learn trades, in stables, bakeries,
chicken farms, cash and elevator and bell
boys, manufacturing companies, etc.. $30, $26,
$25, $20, $15. $10 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634 nnd C 36 Clay st.
HOP PICKING. $1 10 per 100; beautiful Sonoma
Cn. ; men. women, children and families, $1 10
per 100 pounds. MURRAY & READY, 634
and 636 Clay st.
FREE FREE ........... FREE
To every railroad In California but "ne (the
one we don't ship to is Coast Railroad); drill-
ers, laborers, teamsters, hammersmen, section
hands, spikers, stone and concrete masons,
etc.. $3 50 day: board ami lodging $4 50 week.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 6X6 Clay St.
TO THE MINKS
12 good miners, single hands $60
35 laborers for mines (no experience), $34 and
found. MURRAY tc. READY, 634 and 636
Clay Bt.
FARE PAID TO
BEAUTIFUL SANTA CLARA CO.
15 laborers for a manufacturing company. $26
and found. MURRAY & READY, 034 and 636
Clay st.
FARE PAID CARPENTERS 8 hours, $3
day and found; 5 carpenters, city job, $2 50.
day. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay.
TO SAWMILLS WE PAY YOUR FARES
156 men (no experience required), $26 and $-10
and found; 50 different classes of work.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
NEW WORK— FREE FARE
25 drillers and hammersmen, $2 75 and $3 day
25 laborers, same job, $60
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
$3 50 DAY— HAY BALERS. ..Woodchoppers. tie
makers by the hundreds; tools and food
found. MURRAY &. READY, 634 and 636
Clay st.
QUARRY WORK
r. stone and concrete masons $3 50 day
25 laborers (no experience) $48 and found
12 laborers (no experience $60
MURRAY & READY, 034 and 636 Clay st.
MARRIED 3 cooks and wives
bartender and wife; milker and wife; gard-
ener and wife; $40. $35 and found
MURRAY & READY, 834 and 636 Clay st
MANUFACTURING COMPANY, CITY
25 laborers (no experience required)
$36 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
LABORERS AND TEAMSTERS
L l '. teamsters, city Jobs.. s4o and $26 and found
53 laborers, some board home, city
$2, $175 day
23 four-horse teamsters, fare $1 $50
55 laborers, fare 50c (no experience) $60
196 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, wages from $3, $2 50. $2 and $1 75
day
MURRAY A READY, 634 and 636 Clay st
3 DECK HANDS 6 STABLEMEN
2 can washers 2 sheepherders
3 drivers for milk. bakery and delivery
wagons 54", $i", $3S. $30, $25 aiid fond.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st
COOKS WAITERS DISHWASHERS
39 cooks $50, $45, $4ip, $35, $30, $23 and found
36 waiters $35, $30, $2."., $20 and found
67 dishwashers $30, $25, $20, Slo and found
19 porters, bell and elevator boya
$30. $25, $20. $15 and found
4 cooks and wives or men together
$40 and $50 and found
pantrymen. Janitors, second, third and fourth
ks; above places are In hotels, boarding
houses, mines, camps, ranches, saloons, res-
taurants, institutions, cafes, etc
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st
BAKERS BUTCHERS LAUNDRY
3 first, 7 second, G third; 3 fourth hands and
boys to learn bakery trades, $40, $35, $30, $25,
$20, $1S and found
2 butchers, country Jobs $3" and found
y laundrymen $35, $30, $25 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634 And 636 Clay st
25 GRAI'E PICKERS. Sonoma Co
$25 and found
25 grapepickers, Contra Costa Co
$30 and found
MURRAY &■ READY. B3* and 636 Clay st.
3 MACHINISTS, near city. MURRAY &
READY, 634 end 636 Clay Ft.
WANTED — Experienced, competfnt ani rapid
stenographer for commercial house; one
familiar with shipping and commission busi-
ness preferred. Address in own handwrit-
ing, with references, and stating salary ex-
p< ■ ted, box 2195. Call office.
WANTED— At once, several first-class sign
painters; bulletin men preferred. Address
THE CPRRAN CO., Denver. Colo.
WANTED-rßoy who has worked in a print-
ing i office; give reference, age and wages
expected. Box 2067, Call office.
MEN wanted at 639 Bryant st. ■
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BR< 'S.. 21 Sutter ft.
ROY about IS years old to work in store.
MARKS BROS., 1212 Market St.
FIRST-CLASS nion for brickyard. South Saji
Francisco, San Mateo County.
FIRST-CLASS tailor, also good pressman
wanted at once. 135 Natoma «t.
WANTED— Dishwasher. 108 Hayes st.
COOK wanted. 625 Davis St.; call Saturday.
EXTRA dishwasher wanted; $4 per week.
Magnolia Cafe, 4 and 6 East st.
WATCHMAKER, Jeweler and engraver, with
tools. LEON C. OSTEYEE, 2916 Lyon st.
WANTED— Young man to attend to 3 horses.
722 Valencia st., before 9 a. ni.
WAITER for lunch house, 11 to 1 p. m. 11 3
Drumm st., cor. Commercial.
WANTED— Two waiters; 1 dishwasher. 500
Twentieth st. ; Potrero.
YOUNQ, strong man to help in the bakery;
one with experience preferred. 10S Ninth st.
YOUNG man as waiter and dishwasher. War-
ren's Camp, Bay and Laguna streets.
WANTKD <;■ <■! kitchen-hand. Apply Red
Front Restaurant 2813 Greenwich st.
WANTED- Industrious young man for cleaning
windows in store. Call 1044 Valencia st.
BOY for drygooda store. 1221 Stockton st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 500. 560 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2nd sts.
ONE carpenter at 721 Green st. : rear.
BOY to learn plumbingj state age and wages
expected. Hox 2045, Call office.
MAN wanted to assist In confectionery store;
$20 and found. 906 Larktn st.
BOOTBLACK wanted; steady, IQ4B McAllis-
ter st.
I 600 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— Good coatmaker; steady work.
Inquire 233 Third st.
WANTED— One machine hand, five cabinet-
makers,, must thoroughly understand their
business. A. J. FORBES & SON, 312 Mission.
BOY about 16 to work in liquor store. Apply
after 10 o'clock. 400 Haight st.
I WANTED— Good shirt lroner. Apply 629 Third
st., French Laundry.
EXPERIENCED carpet traveler wanted for
the North; state experience, etc. Box 2001,
Call.
FIRST-CLASS locksmith. Apply early 405
Drumm st.
WANTED— 2 men of energy; straight salary
paid. Apply 8 a.' m., 300 Post st.
YOUNG German with reference to drive milk
wagon; good wages. 1507 Broderlck st.
BOOKKEEPER— Lumber nnd general merchan-
dise; elderly man preferred. Apply Alabama
and Montcalm sts.
TWO first-class sheetlron workers. HOL-
BROOK. MERRILL & STETSON. Market
and BeaJe sts.
FIRST-CLASS furnishing iroods salesman and
window dresser. Aocly box 2272. Call.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
! WANTED— Engineer for winery on ranch, near j
•city $35, -and found; furnaceman for mine,
$65 and free house rent, no objection to mar-
ried man; cook and wife on an orange
orchard $45 and found; clerk for lodging
house in city, $35 and room; jack screwers,
barkers crosscut sawyers, railroad laborers "
for woods and mills, $26 to Wo and fare paid, *•
Bee party here; 5 men to pick almonds, no
experience required, $1 . per day and board;
2 men to work In winery, no experience re- .
quired. $30 and board: and 100 others. W. D. £
EWER & CO., 610 Clay at. '
■\ CnTKD— Plain barkeeper for hotel, near
city $25 and found, see party in city. W. D. .
EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st. (
UPHOLSTERER, who understands little carpet
work preferred; steady work to right man. j
1512 Polk st.
SMART man to call on private families; salary "
and commission; S to 11. W. W. BROWN, i
511 Montgomery st. . .
BOY from IS to 16 years to count towels in £
MERCANTILE TOWEL CO., 251 Jessie st. .
SMART young man for collector. Box 2046,
' Call. . -
GOOD marker and distributor at St. Nicholas £
Laundry, Seventeenth and Folsom sts. ; .
BOOTBLACK wanted. 1205 Fill more at .
j ■ — : ~ •" ' l
FIRST-CLASS upholsterer. 2304 Flllmore st. .
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker to work by week:
good wages. 225^Montgomery aye. .
BARBERS' Protective Unlon-The only legal ]
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEI?»». .
Employment Secy., 630 Market, downstairs. ]
WANTED— Corner \ Lombard and .
Lyon sts.. Presidio. i
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know .
that *:d Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still -
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 26c per night: $1 to $2 per week. -
TO Tailors— Good coatmakers wanted. Apply
at 11 a. m. at the Stevenson-street entrance. -
CHARLES LYONS, London Tailor, 721 Mar- 1
ket st.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade In eight i
weeks; only Institution teaching the tonso-
rial art: constant practice; expert Instruction; -
lectures on dermatology; Sat. wages; positions
guaranteed; call or write for Illustrated cata-
logue. Mohler's Barber College, 635 Clay at.
SAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe,
Hawalia.i Islands. Manila, Alaska, New York.
W. LANE, Shipping Agent, 504-506 Davis nt ■
GENT'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50 up: sole-
Ing. 20c to 35c; heeling, 15c up. 923 Howard st.
WANTED^Teamsters to drive scrapers: wages
$1 75 and $2: board, {4 50 per week. Apply
E. B. STONE'S camp, near San Pablo station,
on Valley Road.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and -
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va- >
lencia st. ■
TRY our 16c meals; best In city. 406 McAllls-
ter st. ■ *_
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F. j
BARBER COLLEGE. 13S^ Eighth st
PENSIONS— H. SHEPARD & CO., attor-
neys. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market. .
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c, 15c and 25c
per rUght. Llndell. 6th and Howard; read. rm. '
SHs<-~E rooms, 15c, 20c. 25c ■ -r night; 75c, $1
| to $2 60 week. Elcho House, 8.63% Market St.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market -' . below Sixth, j
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
•BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ- <
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 152.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third Bt, near Mar- I
ket; 700 ooms. 25c night: reading room; free
'bus hnd baggage to and from the ferry. "
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, — For Sale -
40 HORSES for Bale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market, '■,
327 Sixth st: auction sales every Wednesday, '
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers. ,
A TEAM of horses for sale. Apply 1923 Flll-
more st.
SORREL Stanford mare, 5 years old, 700. San
Jose aye., corner Twenty-ninth st.
FANCY carriage, saddle and road horses. DAL-
ZIEL. Veterinary Dentist, SOS Golden Gate ay.
HOUSES — LODGING — FOR SALE. !
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
MY BEST BARGAIN
TO-DAY, 15-ROOM CORNER
. COST $1000; PRICE $400
54 rooms: best in city 1.600
12 rooms on O'Farrell st. ; large yard $375 ■
14 rooms on Mission St.; clears $50 600
30 rooms, corner; rent $55 750
15 rooms on Turk, near Market....- 650
48 rooms on Market st ; rent $75 1,800 I
4S-room hotel In Oakland 2.600 j
80-room house; clears $300 2,500 '
20 rooms on Eddy St.; must sell 600 j
26 rooms: corner; apartment house 1,600
11-room house; one floor 350
82 rooms; 2 fronts; clears $250 2.200 .
60 rooms: elegant corner; clears $500 3,750 .
7-room flat $130; 8-room flat 350
110 rooms; fine corner; clears $600 6,500
36 rooms on Market St.; clears $200 1.450
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE
ABSTRACTS SHOWING CLEAR TITLE.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth. ;
A— R. H. WINSTON & CO., 1026 Market st.
Over Wonder Millinery Store.
14 rooms: Taylor st. : good house $650 j ■
17 roems; rent $65; central 900 '
24 rooms; Fifth St.; rent $50 sf>o
46 rooms; rent $75; corner 1200 ;
40 rooms; corner; rent $S0 1250 '
'■ Money to loan at 2 per cent
$800— SNAP; 45 rooms; fine location; all rented; '
rent $90 nth. BASILS, 3 Eddy st.
$300— BARGAIN; 24 rooms; all rented; near '
Market st.: rent $40 month. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
$45i 20 ROOMS; finely furn.; north of Market;
all rented; rent $50 month. BASILE, 3 Eddy. ,
ROOMING house; centrally located; must be (
sold (-day. COWING ft CO.. 995 Market.
NICE corner house of 33 sunny rooms. 704 1
Howard St., cor Third.
$375 — NEAT lodging house, 14 r. & b. ; nicely <
fur.; paying well; N. Mrkt. Box 2032. Call.
c
LODGING houses— Call before buying and sell-
Ing. Pacific Room Renting Co.. 426 Kearny. .
1 ■*
HOUSES TO LET.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market.
HOUSES. I COTTAGES.
811 Mission, 9 r.. 537 501714 Waller, 7 r....525 00 £
9 Sixth, 6 r 32 50 121 Cedar, aye., 5 r IS 00
756 Folaom, 7 r... 21 00 1241 Sanchez, 5 r.. 13 00 !
731 13th, 6 r 20 4220 26th, 5 r 12 00
1333 Howard, 6 r. 19 00 637 Jersey, 5 r 11 00
862% Folsom, 6r. 18 00 3516 26th, 6 r 12 50 "
233 Duncan, 6 r.. 16 00 17 Erkson Crt, 4rll 00 ;
TWO-STORY corner house; 6 large rooms and '
bath; well-lighted basement: marine view.
2333 Leaven worth st, corner Chestnut.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed 3
list you get from BALDWIN & IxOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
REAR: 4 rooms and stable; $10. Apply 2618
Mission" st.
■ ]
HYPNOTISM.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call, -
16 one*. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
LOST AND FOUND. . ' '
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Savings i
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of ELIZABETH CARLSON, No. 189-593.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Black overcoat on Fourth at., contain- '■,
ing soldier's discharge papers. Return to H. J
DEMPSEY, Co. D, First California, Presidio; .
reward. ;.;■ /-, - i
ON the 8:30 a. m. Sacramento train Wednesday .
■ morning, a mandolin and a banduria; liberal . l
reward. Return to 130 Powell st, S. F.
LOST— GoId ring; name on inside John Krisha. '
Return to 427 Fourth st. : reward. I j
' MEDICAL.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor-. Chinese tea ■
and herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay st, San •
Francisco: ail diseases cured exclusively by
Chinese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used;
advice free; hours. 9:30 to 11 a. in.. 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 d. m. v - : i \
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' physician. 1122 Mar- :
ket st, bet. Mason and Taylor; hours, 9 to 5.
MRS. DR. WYETH. ladles' physician; consul-
tation free. 942 Post. bet. Hyde and Larkln. ■
MRS. DR. GWYER. ladies' physician. 610
Eddy st. bet. Hyde and Larkln. '''.-■ i
MRS. DR. DA VIES, ladles' physician. 1228 -
Market st. between Taylor and Jones. . '.
. DR. POPPER, ladles' practical physician for
37 years. 318 Kearny st. ;
MRS. DR. WEGENER. ladies' physician: medi-
cated baths a specialty. 1312 Golden Gate aye. j -
; MRS ALLEN. ladles' physician. 228 Van Ness j
1 aye.. bet Hayes and Grove: 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. I ■
1 !. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats n:i (lis-
>ases of thi» lonian ln'Hv 115 Mason c t -
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2-hand machinery. Me-
-INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont at. ■
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun- _
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
: flee furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis- .
Blon St.. above -Sixth. '.
. BARS, counter*, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
A NEW launch, 5x20, without engine, for sale .
. at 1025 Nebraska St. '
• GASOLINE engines, all purposes; new and ,
; .second hand;, carriage ' engines. DYNAMIC '
ENGINE CO.. 1309 Mission St.. near Ninth.
MISCELLANEOUS SALE. ,
A $23 WASHBURN mandolin. $13; a $30 Dol- J
son banjo, $12; a pearl Inlaid Stuart for $IC.
a 30-mile power field glass, cost $50, for $16:
a Colt's $41. for $7; a $45 10- bore Parker shot-
gun for $19. All at UNCLE HARRIS', 15
Grant aye.
ONE 1-6 H. P. .alternating motor, $6; 1 roll top
oak desk, large, new, cost $70, for $45; 600
loaded shells, $1 per 100. Ohio Dental Parlors,
850 Market st.
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes;
specie chests; bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market St.. S. F.. Cal.
COMPOUND condensing Corliss engine and
boilers. Krogh Mfg. Co., Stevenson st. •
FIRE and burglar-proof safe for sale and
National cash register. 42 Main st.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu- ,
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St., near Pine.
SECOND-HAND billiard table in good order;
complete, 835 Folsom St., WM. BATEMAN.
FOR SALE— Windmill, tank and pump, or take
a horse In trade. 1218 N st. South.
SAFES— and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-421 Sacramento st.
BOILERS, engines, lathes, wood planers, 12 and
24 In. gas eng. 2d hand. J. Burke. 189 Beale.
1 GASOLINE engine: 15 H. P.: complete and
first-class shape. WHITE. 616 Mission st.
DRESS pants, $2 75; fine suit. $10: MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 513 Montgomery st.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. Mange Cure at all drug-
' gists or at the Dog Hospital.
DESKS, office and card tables;desks exchanged,
repaired; furniture bought. 244 Stockton at,
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call. '
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
SECOND-HAND screw-cutting lath«; 10 to 11
inch swing. Address box 3236, Call.
WANTED— cots: also comforta. Apply this
morning at 821 Turk st.
OLD gold, gold dust, platinum and silver
bought. H. Landecker A Co.. 118 Montgomery.
WANTED— To hire, 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long job. E. B.
STONE. Elmhunrt.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back In installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire- avoid red tape and publicity; us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 68-69 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St., abov«
Sixth : telephone South 14.
ANT amount of 6% per cent on real estate, 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate- mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. ' R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market st.; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
A RELIABLE place to borrow money on dia-
monds, Jewell. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates- Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commission: private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without Indorser. TOUSLE Y. 592. Parrott big.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED— From private party $2000 or $4000;
good security; will pay 8 per cent. Address
box 2070, Call office; no brokers.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutler
Fts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
roadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the J
customer. ■■
A BATCH of bargains in pianos:
Erard $75 00
Cornish 183 00
Smith & Barnes 190 00
1 Steck. 1 Chickering, 1 Weber.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
TWO fine walnut second-hand Decker & Bon
Pianos They are bargains : you should not
miss, at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market St.
GREAT sale of "Ideal Guitars" this week at
Mauvais', 769 Market st. Get prices at once.
STEINWAY upright; party must have money;
make offer. Room 21, Flood building.
A— sB6 UPRIGHT piano in fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
A— UPRIGHTS. $69 up; Installments, $5 75 up;
rents. $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 136 Ellis.
•\v G. BADGER, 412 Sacramento st. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
GOOD piano in storage on sale cheap for cash.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 17 19Market St.
A BARGAIN — Steinway upright cheap.
BCHMTTZ, 16 McAllister, next Hibernia Bank.
CHEAP Steinway upright; also the famous
Hornung Bros.' pianos. 216 McAllister st.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Post Bt.
WANTED— 2 Square Pianos and 4 Cabinet Or-
gans. BYRON MAUZ.Y. SOS Post St.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH- -.'
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st »
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building, 927 Market St.—
Desirable offices. $12 50 to $20.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAAKD, pupil of Count Bt. Ger-
main. 616 Geary St., above Jones; classes;
office hours. 1 to 8 p. m. : reading by mall. $L
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER In electrician and locksmith shop;
will teach partner business or will sell. Ad-
dress box 2273. Call office.
ri;u.-«<!.\ \ >
A— LADIES' tailor-made suits to order at
wholesale figures. KRAMER. 20 Sansome a<t.
WILL Mr. H.. the mining man Who wrote to
Miss B. and gave his address Station X
kindly write again? She wrote twice and
both letters were returned.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
ing, call on B. COHEN. 157 Third St.
OUR leather is carved in Mexico: beautiful
belts $1; special Mexican art. 114 Stockton st.
LEDERER'S Quintonica is the only hair tonio
that fills all requirements; clean, glossy hair
results from its use: 35c bot. 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER is not only the leading hairdresser. .
but he restores gray hair to Its original color
for $1 50 to $5; hail-dressing 25c; switches, $1
up. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
JOHN L BOOSE. Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law. ana Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St.. Laws a Specialty
Fan Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Send for circular. Patents Solicited.
MARY— 1 got my handsome cape at the East-
ern Outfitting Co., 1306 Stockton, nr. Broad-
way. There you can get most anything in that
line on easy payments: open evenings.
ELECTRIC lights In every room: Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night: $150 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
DRESSMAKING; party dresses a specialty:
U. S. tailor system; very reasonable. 116
Twelfth st. .
WHAT have you to exchange for course In
Spanish or singing? Box 476. Call office.
EGYPTIAN Enamel, cosmetic, makes faces
.beautiful; 50c. Mrs. Butler. r\ 350. Phelan bldg.
HME. LOUISE'S ma:iicure parlor has removed
from O'Farrell to 132 Eddy st.
ASSORTMENT of imported and domestic rem-
nants for suits to order, $10 75; pants, $:: 75;
nothing higher. One-Price Tailoring Co., 1644
Market St., under St. Nicholas Hotel.
RUPTURE, piles cured; examination free.
Drs. Mansfield & Porterfleld. !>3S Market st.
JAMES A. SORENSON, watchmaker and jew-
, eler, removed to 103 Sixth st., near Mission.
RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife; no Injec-
tion: ruarantd. Dr. Gordin. 514 Pine, ab. Krny.
A— Ladies' or gents' clothing, furniture 'bought
sold: tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
WANTED— OId gold for manufa'ng. O. Nolte
Jeweler, 248 O'Farrell, bet. Powell & Mason!PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
1 i: OLIVE GKUVEH, free treatment dally, 10
a. m. and 12 m. 1206 Market St.. room 6.
DR. C. H. O'DONNELL. office and residence,
1021'/. Market Bt., bet. Sixth and Seventh. ,
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
BARGAIN list No. 15 now ready for mailing.
T. P. ANDREWS. 109 Montgomery st.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— Within 12 miles of city. 1 or 2 acres
of land; must be reasonable. Address box
2002. Call. ■ __
WANTED-Small stock and grain ranch on
shares; partly furnished. Address 14-, IUZ^
Sixth st. •
GOOD ranch to work on shares or lease; state
particulars. Address box 2"71. Call office. |
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
A— TWO-STORY store, flat and stables;
R24 Castro St., between Eighteenth and Nlne-
teenth; preat bargain; cost $4500; 24:4x125: |
owner must sell; $4e<>o mortgage partly- paid
Off; easy terms. WM. NICOL, 410 Kearny St.
POINT -RICHMOND townslte to sell; 24 acres;
lots to lease G. W. HAIGHT. 401 California.
WANTED at onco -Good city properties for
cash Apply SPECK & CO., 667 Market St.
IF you have lot? north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First aye." and you wish to sell them,
call on W. J. GINN. 410 Montgomery st. j
BUSINESS corner on Point Lobos aye. at a |
forced sale: 32:0x100; only $1500; all of the I
surrounding blocks graded and the lota now
being built upon; a fine chance to build up
a business; the only corner for sale in the '■
tract; easy terms; excellent location for -
store and fiats, and will pay well; a rare
chance. W. J. GUNN, 410 Montgomery st.
NEW HOMES |
Five, 6, 7. 9 and 10 room houses, finished ;
with all modern conveniences, fronting on
Waller, Pierce and Primrose his., from J3lOO
to *4i.00; terms to suit purchaser. F. NEL-
SON. Builder. i
ON account of sickness we will sell a $1400 j
lot. sli4, for : : 9; great bargain. QEO. |
W. li. PATTERSON & CO.. 1706 Market St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and '
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sale
FOR SALE— So'acres in Contra Costa~C&.. half
a mile from new railroad; good house, barn,
fine orchard of ueache? and almonds; easy
terms. For particulars write box 31. Brent- ]
wood. Cnl. i
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING:
A—l LARGE sunny rooms, furnished complete j
for housekeeping; 2 folding beds, 1 in kitchen,
1 In bedroom; $10 per month, $2 50 per week:
furniture all now. Apply at shoe store, 562
Mission St.. bet. First and Second StS.
BEFORE hunting housekeeping rooms get list
free. Pacific un-renting Co., 426 Kearny.
EDI>Y. 915 — 3 unfur. or furnished rooms, newly
elegantly papered; private res.; fine location.
FIFTH. 107— Pleasant sunny unfurnished rooms
to let.
FIFTH. 309— New 1 'use. nicely furnished sunny
suiie 3 mi.- complete for hskpg:.; run. water.
GEARY, 056 — Elegant sunny parlors, piano,
phone; other rooms: light housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE AYE., Newly and ele- I
gantly furnished parlor and bedroom suites;
also single.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 640— Sunny housekeeping
rnonw; also single rooms.
HOWARD, f.34, bet. Ist and 2d— Large house-
keeping room, with large closet.
HOWARD, 704— Nice large sunny rooms; also
housekeeping; transient.
IVAN HOE. 1001 Polk. cor. Geary— Light, clean.
Eiinr.y; fur. I icps: suites (3 to 5 r.). 115 up;ref. I
L\RKIN, 320— 2 or 3 sunny housekeeping apart-
ments; furnished complete; gas range; bath.
LARKIN, 816 A —Newly furnished sunny house- ;
keeping rooms; gas and bath.
LEWIS, 1"?, off Taylor, near Post— 3 furnished
front rooms; stove; $12.
McALLISTKR, 1130— Sunny furnished front
housekeeping lit •: cheap.
MINNA. 2S— Pasement housekeeping rooms for
families; cheap rent.
MISSION. 907'i— Neatly furnished rooms: com-
plete for hskpg. ; front bay-windows; sunny.
MISSION, 1121 1 -j— Housekeeping rooms, $2 and
S- 50 per week.
NOE, 153, block north of Market— 2 pleasant
front rooms; upper corner flat; gas stove; $13.
SEVENTH, 132. Girard House — 1 large sunny j
unfurnished room: furnts=h<>d suites.
TURK, 12'j — 2 sunny furnished rooms, one front, |
suitable for light housekpg.; man and wife. j
TWENTY-THIRD, 3726. near Dolores— 2 or 3
sunny bay-window rooms, complete.
VAN NESS AYE.. 1021— A sunny front -lite; 2
or 3 rooms and kitchen; gas range.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubfcriptKons has been established at 1095 Va-
lencia st S^B'teß
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly-
Call, 11 pages, -••it to any address In the
Un!T»d P'nt»s. postpaid, for $1 per year.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. nnd I'ufnrn. |
ABBOTSFORD (The). cor.Broadway and Polk—
Quiet and homelike; rooms bright and sunny, i
_:r.gle. suite; charges moderate: cars direct.
AT Hotel Francifco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
latr. rooms. 50c to $1 L 0 day. MRS. J. KING.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, us Sixth — Rooms, |
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all nijjht. i
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va- J
lencla. St. '_
AT New 1 Grand 246 3d— 2Go Ist-class sunny rms., j
15c to $1 day: 30c to J4 wk; also housekeeping.
AT 12 Second St.. double rooms for week, $1 50 j
to $3; single, $i to $l 50; day. 25c_to^50c. £
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 13»i4) — Fur-
nished . suites, sincle; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 726— Furnished sunny front room for
gentleman at {7 per month; private.
CALIFORNIA, 14"';. near Hyde— Furnished
front room .or suite. j
CARROLTON. UM Market, cor. Golden Gate I
aye.— Sunny corner; well furn. rms. & offices.
EDDY, 123 (United States Hotel)— Clean, neat
rooms, from 11 M a week up.
EIGHTH, 108— Front bay-window room with |
range; single rooms SI 25 up. I
ELLIS 209 1 4— Sunny furnished room; J4 a
month; large closet.
ELLIS 633, cor. Larkln- Sunny furnished bay-
window; mantel; folding bed; 2 persons,
EDDY, 532— Three unfurnished rooms and yard;
rent $S. _^
EXCELSIOR House, 33 Turk. cor. Taylor— New I
m-.ngt. ; sunny front bay-wind, rms.; trans'nt. j
FULTON, 218, cor. Van Ness— Neatly furnished !
Oat; 3 rooms; gas range, bath: also others.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Comfortable furn.
rooms: travelers accommodated. MRS. HYER.
GRAND* SOUTHERN, EE. cor. Seventh and
Mission Ft*. —Sunny rooms, en suite or single;
ladles' parlors; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission Select family j
mine house; $1 50 to {6 per week. |
HARRISON. ?25— Larf room vr%h closet and
! nth, furnished or unfurnished, for housekpg.
HAWTHORNE. 172. bet. Second and Third,
near Harrison— Pleasant sunny rooms; board j
optional; reasonable. |
HOWARD. 715—200 sunny rooms; nicely fur- ,
nished; every convenience; electric lights.
HOWARD. &23— Furn If bed rooms from $1 per
week up; also hou-ftkeeping and transient.
HOWARD, II3OH— Newly furnished rooms rea-
sonable; light housekeeping privileges.
HOWARD. 1144 — Nice sunny suites; 'inning
water; reasonable: permanent patrons d»slred.
HUGHES HOUSE, 214 ThlrC— Newly rrnovat-
ed; 25c to SOe per night: $1 SO to J3 ivr week.
JESSIE. 4Ti. bet. Fifth and Sixth— Nicely fur-
ni«h°'l sunny rooms; quiet house; from 75c
to $2 ncr week,
■•XEWiI in\""irT' ; riinkl!n. nr. Market— Large
l>ay-wm. rmp. arid single, V' up; also hskpg.
NICELY furnished rooms In nrivate family.
Apply 505 Manor, St., near Post.
O'FARKELL. 20- Sunny furnished rooms pnd
offices; elevator: eloctrls UghtSi day. wk mo.
POWELL" 317 (formerly Cosmos Club)— Ele-
gantly lurnlshed tunny rooms: reasonable.
ROYAL House, 128 Bills ft. Incandescent I
llplit, reading room, smoking room and
ladies' parlor: rooms, per night. 35c to ;i 50: j
week, $2 to $*>: month. SS to $30; elevator on |
olfice floor; rooms with hot. cold.wat.: bath*.
SACRAMENTO. 1514. bet. Hyde ann Larkln—
' Room?; modern, clean and sunny; private
rt'Sldenoe. ____J | ■}
SCOTT" 17— 4 pleasant *iunny furnished
rooms.
(-"KVE.NTH. 262— Nicely furnished rooms; nun-
ny all day; nice lawn; modern conveniences.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth at..
near Market— .furnished and unfurnished.
f.I\TH 33 nr. Market. Hlllsdaie House— E'.e- •
Kant furnished rooms: elevator; transient.
STOP hunting furnished rooms; get list free.
Pacific Room Renting Co., 426 K-arny st. *
ROOMS TO LET Fnrn. and Infarn.
TAYLOR. 10S— Neatly furnished, rooms; suit-
able for gentlemen; gas; bath.
TAYLOR, 117— Large front room, $16 a month;
also single; bath.
THE Heath, Sl2 Eddy «t.— First-class rooms
and board; hot and cold water; telephone;
modern; all conveniences.
THE Piedmont (119 A Sixth st.)— Sunny bay.-
window rooms, double "or single; rent low.
THIRD, 129- Sunny furnished rooma from $1
per week up.
THIRD, 303— Nice single rooms for men; 75c to
$1 per week.
THIRD. 520—2 or 3 unfurnished rooms, with
bath: cheap.
TURK, 636. cor. Qough- Sunny corner alcove
room; handsomely furnished; beatiful view;
overlooking Jefferson Square: reference.
VALENCIA, 1167— Nicely furnished sunny front
rooms, with or without board. in private fam-
ily; ens and bath: also housekeeping rooms.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, soil, exchanged, rented; re-
pnlrlm- nt lnwe«t rates. I "'* Fourth ft.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
MRS. DR. HOPKINS, 995 Market St., office »—
New discovery for rheumatism; also medi-
cated baths for alcoholism and rheumatism.
BAD tenants ejec' I for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 v ■'- —<rv ft.. r.-."T "1"- t"'. 5*..1
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
CALA.- Storage W- rehouse. F. SMITH, prop..
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay '.$.,
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post, cor. Powell: t«»l. Main '713.
ALAMEDA APYERTISEMENTS.
LLAUBDA REAL ESTATE;
SNAP— New House, S rooms and bath; lot 50x
150; good location; 5 minutes' walk from sta- !
tion. Apply to W. F. SCHULTE. 1612 Chapin.
ABOUT finished, modern S-room house, cholc-.
est location; also modern cottage. 6 rooms;
lots 50x150; easy terms. Apply 1518 Mozart
St.. Mastlck station, Alameda. j
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly |
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladies In delicate health: large
grounds: private. MRS DR. FUN KB. It!'.<lh.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$1700— HOUSE of 5 rooms and bath; lot 50x135;
on the sunny side of street; only 4 blocks
from University grounds and 2 blocks from
railroad. JOS. J. MaSON,
Real Estate, adjoining P. 0., Berkeley.
ONLY 2-story house of 7 rooms; lot lS6x
125; rear electric railroad: just the place to
raise chickens. JOS. J. MASON.
Real Estate, adjoining P. P.. Berkeley.
A BARGAIN— Fine S-room house; all modern
improvements; cor. Grove and Parker sts., !
Berkeley. See owners, J. W. HAVENS. 2216
ttuck aye., or H. R. ABRAHAMSON, !
60 Laurel st., near Fabiola Hospital.
A RARE BARGAIN.
Cottage of 6 rooms and bath; lot
33 1-3x135; near Lorin station; street mac-
adamized; good neighborhood; all modern im- |
provements. C. NAMANNY, Lorin station.
FOR sale— Jl7so; a house of 6 -rooms, bath and ;
cellar; modern: 5 minutes' from U. C. ; near
electric cars; lot 50x100; this is the cheapest
buy In Berkeley: lot alone cost $600; this
bouse has Just been built; $3<X) down and $15 .
a month at 7 per cent interest. Address
Owner. 2137 Dwight-way.
NICE Improved residence in Berkeley, beauti-
fully laid out grounds, for small improved
f;>.rm in bay counties; must have good water
facilities. German-American, 34 Kearny et.
FORSALE FOR CASH.
A house 'of 4 rooms, windmill and tpnk; close
to Ashby: lot 40x130; all clear; $850. 2137
Dwlght way. .
CORNER store, .with grocery fixtures; rent
" reasonable. 400 Fifth St.
FOR sale— 4-room house, close to Dwight way;
SUM. Address Owner. 2137 Dwight way.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9O3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$3000—7 ROOMS; up to date new house: lot
60x134; must sell in 10 days; terms to suit:
call for a list of new houses. E. E. 13UNCE,
SOS Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR t \LE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
. furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
FOR rent with board in private family, a large
handsomely furnished room, with furnace
h*»at; 2 blocks from cars. Address A. V.'.,
Cull office. Oakland.
" DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND I\OTICE— Dividend No. 71 (25c per
share) of the Hutchinson Sugar Plantation
Company, will be payable at the office of the
company. 327 Market St., on and after
Wednesday, September 20, 1899. Transfer
books will close on Thursday, September 14,
1599, at 3 o'clock p. in.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Jules F. Hancock and M. Adah Avrill 23-26
William S. Hall and Mabel H. Brown 21-20
Enevold .Tespersen and Mary Oyhambury.. s2-24
Gustave R. Jahnigen and Annie E. Ward.. 24-23
Joseph B. Gout and Egenle Boulenger 24-19
."BIRTHS— MAERIABES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
HADELER— In thin city, September 8. 1599, to
the wife of D. Hauler, a daughter.
KING— this city, September 3. 1899, to the
wife of Charles A. King, a son.
MESSERSMITH— In this city. September 14,
1899, to the wife of C. W. Messersmlth, a
daughter.
ROBERTS— this city. September 14, 1899, to
the wife of John Roberts, a son.
MARRIED.
BRENT RUST— In this city, September 14,
1899 by the Rev. T. H. Woodward, Everett
R. 'Brent and Lillian B. Rust, both of San
Francisco.
DOWNEY— WALTERS— In this city, September
14, 1*93. by Thomas F. Dunn, Justice of the
Peace 'Frederick J. Downey of Martinez and
Mary C. Walters of San Francisco.
TROXEL— HOOK— In this city, September 7,
I' 9» at the residence of the bride's sister,
Mrs Tunnison, by the Rev. T. H. Woodward,
Samuel K. Troxel and Angle Hook, both of
Palo Alto.
DIED.
Anderson, Sarah Kuffner. Elizabeth
Barber Lyman C. Lienau. Magretta E.
Bishop Florence E. McCarthy, Joseph
Butler, Agnes P. McLure, John
Derby. Annie Mitchell, Tlv.mas
Dye William H. Slmmen, Louise f>*'
Eldred, Ada M. Smith, Frederick J.
Gray, Alma N. Spear, Henry L.
Hebllng. Hans Thompson, Captain
Holdsteln. Rose G. Noah S.
.t hansman, William Valcy. Louis
Knippenberg. Ernst Wiggins, Josephine
Koster, Elvira
ANDERSON— In this city, September 14, 1839,
Sarah; beloved wife of Thomas Anderson, a
native of Australia, aged 62 years and 2
months. .
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from St. John's
Presbyterian Church, corner California and
Octavia streets. Interment private. Please
i emit flowers.
BARBER In Portland. Or., September 15,
ISM, Lyman Conrad, only son of. Lyman 11.
and Ella Barber, aged 2 years and 5 months.
BISHOP In Oakland, September 14, 1533, Flor-
ence i; , beloved wife of Clyde. L. Pishop, a
native of San Francisco, aged 2& years and
5 months.
Friend ■ and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this- day (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, at the
residence of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. A. E.
Bennett, 540 Twenty-second street. Inter-
ment private.
BUTLER— In this city, September 15, 1839, Ag-
nes P.. beloved wife of Percy B. Butler,
HtNRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successor* to Flannagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
£0 Fifth st., .oppoalte Lincoln School. . ,
, ■'/' Telephone South SO. .-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER lfi, 1899.
daughter of Joseph ajid Catherine Moreno,
and sister of OeorEC, John, Morris, \\ alter
and Joseph Moreno an.l Mrs. G. L. Wilson, a
native of Pan Francisco, aged 21 years 9
months and 3 days.
tnrXotice of funeral hereafter.
DERBY— In this city. September 18. 1R99. An-
nie Derby beloved mother of Oeorge Derby
and L-ittle Reitsch, and sister of Llxsie
BtsheJ, a native of New Orleans, La., aged
D 7 years and » days.
E7Remalns at the parlors of Porter &
White, I^2 Eddy street.
DYES— In this city, September 15. 1599. William
Haddork Dye, son Of Alfred E.- and Susio 1.
Dye, a native of Farminston, Cal., aged 1
year and G months.
C.v"Fritn.l* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the fun»ral to-morrow
i Sunday t at 2:30 o'clock, from the First M.
i:. Church, Powell street, near Washington.
ELDRED— In Alameda, September 14. 1899, Mrs.
Ala. M. Sldred, daughter of the late E. D.
Waters of Benutnifton, Vt., a native of \ er-
mont, aeed 73 years.
GRAY— In Berkeley, Cal., September 14, 1399,
Alma Nelson Gray, wife of Arthur W. Gray,
aged 29 years.
[TTFuneral strictly private.
HEBLING— In Oakland. September 13. W9,
Hans, beloved husband of Matilda Hebllng,
and father of the late Llllie, Ellen, Florence
and Edith Hebllng, a native of Sweden, aged
30 years and 8 months.
iti? Friends and acquaintance? are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, at the mor- j
tuary chapel of Bessie J. Wood & Co., 1123 j
Twenty-third avenue, Oakland. Interment |
Mountain View Cemetery.
HOLDSTEIN— In this city. September 15. ISO 9.
Hose G.. beloved wife of the late Gustave j
Holdsteln, mother of G. A. and C J. Hold- :
stein, and sister of Mrs. Annie Phair and |
Mrs .1 P Sweeney, a native of New Jersey,
aged fil years. (New York and Philadelphia |
papers please copy.)
E^Friends and acquaintances axe respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(.Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence ;
of li." sister. Mrs. J. P. Sweeney. 266 Tohama
Street, thence to Pt. Patrick's Church for |
services. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery, j
JOHANSMAN— In this city, September 14, 1889,
William Johanaman, a native of Germany,
aged Sfi years and 22 days.
CLTRemalns at the funeral parlors of H. ir.
Maass, 917 Mission street.-
KNIPPENBERG— In this city, September 14,
1899 Ernst It., dearly beloved husband of
Anna Knippenberg, and father of George,
Frank and Alice Knippenberg:, a native of
Westphalia. Germany, aged 59 years and 24
days.
(CTFricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow j
(Sunday), from I. O. O. F. Hall, Seventh and :
Market' streets, where funeral services Will |
be held under the auspices of Yerba Buena
Lodge No. IB I. O. O. F., comm«n<lng at 1 |
o'clock Interment Mountain View Cemetery,
Oakland, via 3 o'clock creek route ferry,
i KORTER— In this cit'- September 15, 18i*9, at
I her residence, 511 Connecticut street. Potrero,
Flvira dearly beloved wife of John E. Kos-
ter mother of John E. Jr.. Sadie. Ktta, Annie
and Frankle Koster, daughter of Mrs. Harris
Weymouth of I.lvermore. and sister of Mrs.
E Ambrose Mrs L. Roberts and Mr. Levl j
Evans of Boyd, Wasco County. Oregon, a na- j
tive of Kansas, aged 35 years 4 months and j
5 .lays.
r.TFrlend'? and acquaintances are respect-
fully lr.vited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
H F Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission Street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth, thence to I. O.
O. F. Hall, Market and Seventh Mreets.
where funera' services will lv> held, under the
auspices of templar Rebekah Lodge No. 1-3,
I O. (> F., commencing at 1:30 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
KUFFNER— In this city, September 13, ISW,
Elizabeth, beloved wife of the late Bar-
tholomes Kuffner, a native of Germany, aged
73 years.
|T?"Funeral to-morrow (Sunday), at l
i o'clock, from the parlors of Charles J. B. |
Metzler. C 36 Washington street.
i LlF.N\r— ln this city. September 15, ISM,
Magretta Rlflin. dearly beloved wife of Her- |
man Lienau, and beloved mother of Herman
and Emll Lienau, a native of Scotland, aged
31 years 1 month and 1 day.
C ";■' Remains at the funeral parlors of H. F.
Maass. 1)17 Mission street, near Fifth. Inter-
ment at Livermore.
MCCARTHY — An anniversary requiem high
macs will be celebrated for the repose of the
soul of the late Joseph McCarthy at All Hal-
lows' Church, N street, between Fifteenth
and Sixteenth avenues south. South. San
Francisco, \hls day (Saturday), commenc-
ing Bt
McLTJRE— In this city. September 18, I.W, John.
be! ved husband of F.liza A. McLure. and |
father Of Mrs. O. E. Mark, Mrs. \V. R. Ar-
t'^ir Mrs. John Gordon and John A. and
James T. McLure, a native of Paisley, Scot-
land, aged 89 years.
Fri< nds and acquaintances aro respect-
fully invit"^ to attend the funeral to morrow
(Sunday), nt 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 363 First street. Interment private.
Mi untain View Cemetery, Oakland. Please
omit tl wers.
MITCHELL— In this city. September 14. 1898,
- Mitchell, a native of Ireland, aged
70 years.
BIMMEN -In this city. September 14, 1899,
.... beloved wife of John Slmmen, and
mother of Frank, Harry, Annie and Joseph-
ine Bimmen, a native of Germany, aged 4'J <
years 8 movths and 1« days. (Milwaukee and j
Chicago papers please copy.)
ETFriends »n>) acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
i Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. W. Capp street, near Twenty-fourth.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
SMITH- In this city, September 15, 1899, Fred-
.T beloved husband of Sarah Smith.
and father of Fred, Sadie and Frank Smith.
Mr J. H. Mulligan and Mrs. W. H. Rlck-
ard. a native of EnjjUnd, aged 62 years 8
•bs and v> days.
SPEAR- In this city, September 13. 1599. Henry
L. husband of Mary C. Spear, a na-
tive f San Francisco, aged 37 years and S
months.
THOMPSON— In this city, September 13, 1593,
Captain Noah Spears Thompson, beloved hus-
band of Cornelia Clarke Thompson, a native
; Bourbon County, Ky. <<*h:cago Tribune,
Lafayette and Crawfordsville, Ind., and
Paris, Ky., papers please copy.)
UyFriendfl and acquaintances are respect-
fully invite.', to attend th* funeral services
this 'i;.y (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, at the
resi li ni 1739 Twentieth street.
VALCY- In this city, Beptember 14, 1899, Louis,
yungept and dearly beloved son of Theresa
and the late Gabriel Valcy, and brother of
R-mlglo Valoy, a native of San Francisco,
ai-e.l 4 months nnd 3 day?.
WIGGINS In the City and County Hospital,
September 13. 1899. Josephine Wiggins, a na-
tive of New York, aged 3J years.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEI*
IP T I>>avy. Seattle P W Mcßoheifs. Man
i R S Haw, w & dau, R P Stalnton. Idaho
, ('al W J Wiley. Cal
' J M Hale, Ixis Ang J E Crew. Cal
W D GoßSard, S Jose R E McKenna A w.
C H Greenfield <t »•. Ix-moore
St Helena M'f^ R Shore. Cnl
J M White BtocktS H Richardson, Tulare
j J M Morley, Haywrds Mrs E Thomas. N V
1 A w stuart. Cal C Cole, Dawaon
J r Hus, Cal .O X Gilbert. Wash
W 11 Husband Cal C W McNevln. Dawsn
E Lockett. cai J M Vickera & w Cal
Mth C H (iilbert & eh, E A Prehle, c H \
Cal C T <";il K er. Hopiand
J L Parkinson. Cal J H hlillnjer, c'al
H L McCaakey, E 3 Boyle, Cal
I c W Noyes, Boston n B Snyder, N V
!J I. Erisey, Colusa A <; Bofnlger & w |
Q W Wilt-on. Mont Cincinnati
I. Marshall, Ky 'F Mattisitn & w. c a l
I H C C|eman, Cal Mrs W C Potts Cai I
J H Holloway, Cal Hiss r, Potts, Cal
B 'I Morse. Cal |R Fickl. Cal
, R C Pay. U S V C F Hill. Cal
' H Md'ovey, Cal J D Reeves. S r>ak
J A Kane. Idaho Mrs llinsdale & nurse
W II Hart. Rt Paul Gardner
W B Harrison, Stkton Tir B A Plant, Ca!
• A Johnson, Cal P l;*rnheim, Vallejo
i 1j M Dove, Sacto J T") Dauterman. MJnn
F C Schiller. Sacto H A Minor, Cal
C H Ptackpole. c a l O E Williams fkiah
\V H (Jehni. 13th MlnnjM Baechtel, I'klnh
Captain Hubert. Cal IW P Thrmias, fkiah
I, Hunt. Berkeley |Dr C E Case. Cklah
W A Setchell. Berkely.J B S;inford. T'klah
G A Martinson. IdahoiO F Mills. Cal
i I, Roos, Idaho |\V T Saxon, Cal
! H J Syns, Idaho
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs X Alnsworth. Ca] R D Meyer, Stanford
II C Demuth, Dayton J Tl Norton, I> Ang
I* Snils. Cai ' Mrs J H Norton. (, - nl
M r^ i- A Baldwin. Cal C M Hunter, S Rafael
J O Tanner. Cal Mrs C M Hunter, ( H l
A H Nai'tZßi-r, 1' Ang J L Bunce, Hartford
C E Gllson, f'hlo F d Everett, Chgo
F R Bush, Pa C Boone. V S N
M -s X L, Black. N V W Watt, Stanford
j 1' nia<-k. NY H F Crowell, Stanfd
A W Schumacher, Cal W Poster, Boston
F A C Perrlne. Stanfd J X Gilbert Mmitana
Mrs F A C Perrlne, R J Wannamnker, Cal
Stanford Miss \. Evans, Cal
J II Chapman. L Ang F Opgood. N V
Mrs .1 H Chapman, Cal E McCauley Jr. IT S N
A Glasnell. L Ang T C Hart. D 8 N
Mrs J F Karraher. CnlH Merriman. IT 8 N
R F Patterson, Va W H Hamilton, N V
i; Bowman, Al^ska !Mrs W H Hamilton.
A Gregory Cal i N V
Mrs A Gregory. Cal F H Dakin, Cal
P Barkowltt, Phlla Mrs F McLaughlln. Cal
Dr JS Taylor, V 8 Xl
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
W G Daunt, Modesto J H Fildes, St Paul
Mrs J Bughner. Sacto J Cralgel. St Paul
F J Turk. Astoria IE D Belden, St Paul
J C F.llis, San Jose W O Brennan, St Paul
i: Swift, Idaho ||B Dobson. Boston
G W Slater, Sacto (IB Fleming, I'klah
P Slater. Sacto M Kn- ley. GUroy
1 B Lundstrom. Sacto 'J Tanner, Ixis Atißeles
i H D Howard. L Ang ,J F Cramp. M.idera
I F Butler. Alaska P McFarlane. Fresno
i H Wilson, Snn Piego
S Next SUNDAY'S CALL will be a |
< man's/ of beautiful illustrations >z
| —its half-tone work being es- |
« pecially fine.
FINANCES LOW
AT GARDEN CITY
♦
Police and Firemen Will
Again Suffer.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 15.— There promises to
be another shortage of city finances dur
ing the present fiscal year, which com
menced July 1, and already steps have
been taken looking to a curtailment in
fhe different city departments.
The fire and police departments, which
I suffered such a financial cramp last year,
are to be the victims again this year.
This is due to the small apportionments
to be made" for these departments. Last
year the members of the fire department
I were compelled to work six weeks for
j nf. thing and the police lost two weeks'
p-ilarv In all probability the same thing j
will happen this year. Besides this the ;
police and fire-men will be compelled to
I cash the warrants they do get at a dis
j count with some broker, as for some
months thero will be no available funds.
At the meeting of the Police and Fire i
I Commissioners next Tuesday two and
i perhaps three policemen will be dropped. I
i There is also a proposition belrjj consid- |
1 ored to reduce the salary of policemen j
' from $75 to $70 per month. Even with this j
I cut there will not be enough money to go |
! around.
The city will also be inconvenienced. At
present there are only fourteen patrol
men, and many believe that instead of
reducing the force it should be increased j
about five men.
There may also be a cut made In the
pay of the 'fire department.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
Philip G. and Julia B. Galpin to Stephen D.
1 Ives re-record ISO 6 d 273 lot on E line of dough
I street, 137:6 N of Broadway, S 26:6 by E 87:«;
I $10.
Sigmund and Rose Schwabacher to Sophie S.
! Simpson lot on NW corner of Buchanan and
Pacific streets. W 69 : by N 127:S # V. $10.
Frederick R. and Julia T. Chamberlain to
James L. Barker, lot on S line of Green street,
175 W of Pierce. W 25 by S 100; $10.
Occidental Loan Association to Josephine
Cornell, lot on N line of Page street, ISO E of
Lott. N 110:7%, SE 2", S 107:5V_. W 36; HO.
Ely I. and Helen J. Hutchin?..n to Paul
I Stricken lot on E line of Jessie street, 88:4 S
I of Thirteenth. S 25 by E 70; $10.
| Frank and Susie l>nn to Henry A. Schultze,
! lot on N E corner of Seventeenth and Folsom
I streets. N 25 by E If;); 510.
Thomas and Mar>. O'Rourke tc Jacob (or
Mato) Stnnlch, lot ort E line of Folpom street,
50 N Of Seventeenth, X :o*s by E 100; $10.
Mato (or Martin) tad Annie Sliiscovich and
Jacob (or John) and Mary Stanlch to Madeline
Trebucq lot on E lltie of Folsom street, 25 N
of Seventeenth, N 2.". 9% by E 100; $10.
David .rwln to Jessie L. Gordon, lot on S
line of Twentieth street, 130 W of Sanchez, W
25 by S 114; $10.
J Harriet, J. and Bertha G. "HVissbein (by
Oscar Hey man attorney) to Robert A. and
May J. Sample, lot on N line of Twenty-third
street, 300 W of Douglass, W 25 by N 114, lot
| 66. Heyman Tract; $'0.
William M. and Brfdget L. Morgan to James
Burke lot on NW line of Clara street, 75 SW
of Hitch. SW 25 by NW 75; $10.
William W. and Carrie F. Rednall to Chris
tian P. Benneeen, lot on E line of Utah street,
207:6 S of Martposa, P 30 by E 100; $10.
Herbert C Roper to Caroline C, Roper, lot on
5 line of California ■ street (Deeth), 64 -E of
Fourth avenue E 2S by S 100; $10.
•Robert and Christine F. McMillan to Mary
O'Doherty, lot on S line of -I street, 57:6 W of
Forty-sixth avenue, W 26 by S 100; $860.
George W. Robinson to Charles F. Sonne, lot
on SW corner of Thirty-seventh avenue and
T street, W 32:6 by S 100; also lot on S line
of T street, 57:6 W of Thirty-seventh avenue,
W 75 by S 100: $10.
Walter R. and Evelyn F. Bacon to John W.
j Vaughn, lots 23, 24 and 2", block 1276, Market
street extension; $10.
Alameda County.
W 2.v> to beginning, being lot 1, block E, and
a portion of lot 1, block F. revised map of Oak
Tree Farm Tract, Brooklyn Township; gift.
Home Security Building and Loan Associa
tion to Arthur L. Cunningham, lot on S line
of Nineteenth street, 100 XV of Grove, W 25 by
S 57 ''. Oakland; $10.
l ll hernia Savings and Loan Society to Charles
and Rachel McCall, lot on W line of Telegraph
avenue 50 S of Knox, S 50 by W 100, being
the N 20 feet of lot 2 and S 20 feet of lot 3,
i Knox Park, Oakland: $2150. _-,-,
| Louis and Dora Bercovich to Abraham Ber
j covich, lot on X line of Fourth street, 100 X
■ of Webster E 25 by N 100, block 40, Oakland;
; $10.
Sophie E. Saddlemire (wife of D. C.) to J. S.
Myers, lot on W line of Maple street, 100 S of
Birch. S '.0 by W 100, being portions of lots 34
and 35. Temescal Park, Oakland (subject to
mortgage); $10.
.T. F. and Sarah J. Cross to Clarence A.
Chlchester lot on 8 line of Kllnkner avenue,
409:10 E of San Pablo, E 50 by S 100. being lot
! 5 on map of property of William O'Neill, map
2, Oakland; $10.
James* Landrpgan to Parafftne Paint Com
pany (a corporation), lot on SW line of 100
--toot right of way of Northern Railway and
Kllnknerville Tract, thence NW 214:6, SW
219.20, SE- 217.10, NE 239.20 to beginning, con
taining 1.124 acres, Oakland Township; $2000.
Emma (and as attorney) and L. A. Cavalier
(by attorney) to Butler Smith, lot on W line
of Walnut street 73.1 S of Cedar street, S 50
by W 243, being lot 16 and a portion of lot 13,
i block C, Percy Tract, Berkeley; $150.
Henry W. and Margaret M. Taylor to
i Charles E. Wagner, lot on E line of Tenth
street. 200 S of Channlng way, S 39.44, E 135.
N 32.22, W 135 to beginning, being lot 33,
block 13S. A very Tract, Berkeley; grant.
Citizens' Building and Loan Association to
Mary Russell, lot on W line of Eighth street,
150 s of Bancroft way, s 50 by W 125, being lot
8 block 124. corrected map Raymond Tract,
Berkeley: $300.
John M. Russell to same, same; gift.
P.ethiah P. Chandler to Harry Kendall, lot
23 block 2097, Alden Tract at Temescal, Oak
land; $10.
Eloise Parkinson and Maud Weeks to Karl
V. Holmberg, lot on SE line of Rose avenue,
172. NE from point of Intersection of Rose
avenue with E line of Echo avenue, NE 40. SE
149.63, SW 40.03, NW 148.15, to beginning, being
subdivision X on map of subdivision of lots
20 21 and 22, Glen Echo Tract, Map 2, Oakland;
$10.
Henry and Nellie W. Armstrong to John P.
Clark, lot on NE line of Perry street, on the
line dividing lots 6 and 7. block T, Revised Map
of Oakland Heights, thence NE 220.07, NW 30,
SW 220. to a point on Perry street distant 50
NW from point of beginning, thence SE 50, to
beginning, being the HE portion Of lot 6, block
T Revised Map of Oakland Heights, Oakland;
$10. • :•" .■'.--■■■
Donia and John P. ("lark to Alfred Wood, lot
on E line of Echo avenue, with line dividing
subdivisions 2 and 3, in lot 16, Glen Echo Tract,
Map 3. thence NE 119. NW 33.4 H. SW to E
line of Echo avenue, S 36, to beginning, being
portion of subdivisions 3 and 4, Glen Echo Tract,
i Map 3, being a redlvleion of lots 10, 16, 18, 28,
I 29 35 to 38, Glen Echo Tract. Map 2, Oakland;
I $10.
Edward R. Harmeß to Joseph J. Mason, lot
on E line of Mark street, 120 N of Kearny ave
nue, N 40 by E 135. being the S 40 feet of lot
7. block 4 Kearny Trnct. Berkeley; $10.
J. L. and Mary C. Barker to Joseph Pattln
son. lot on N line of Dwight way, 100 W of
Milvla street, W 50 by N 135. being lot 6, block
6. Amended Map of Barker Tract, Berkeley;
$10.
Joseph and Mary A. Pattlneon to Francis
Korbel same. Berkeley; $1000.
Frederic W. Byrod to George W. Kelly, all
Interest in estate of Sarah B. Byrod, deceased;
John P. and Edna F. Beckett to Arthur H.
Breed, lot on S line of -Thirty-seventh street.
354.95 E of Market. B 40 by H 150. being E 40
feet of lot 13. on map of Beckett's Second Ad
dition to Oakland. Oakland; $10..
Jennie B. Everett to May B. Gilbert, undivid
ed % Interest in lot on S line of Simpson ave
nue. 338.40 W of Telegraph avenue. W 37.50 by
S UN "3. being portion of lots 9 and 10, Simpson
Tract. Oakland: $6.
John C. and Charity L. Rogers to John Walk
er, lot on S line of Prince street, MO E of Shat
tVick avenue. B M by S 10", being lot 7. block
F. Newbury Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Leon Knuffman (owner) with F. W. Kern
(contractor), archlte*:'. Albert Plssls— Carpenter
mill and stair work, galvanised Iron. tin,
hrardware and glazing for building on S line
of O'Farrell street, 137:6 E of Mason, E 67:6
by S 97:6; 114.853.
Same owner with C. C. Morehouso (contrac
tor), architect same— Plastering and lathing
for Same on same; $3250.
Same owner with William F. Wilson (con
tractor), architect same— Sewerage, plumbing,
pus fitting, fixtures, conductors and marble
work for same on same; $15600.
Crocker Estate Company (owners) . with
Western Expanded Metal and Fire Proofing
Company (contractors), architect! Tharp ■ &
Holmes— Fire proof floors, roof and • ceilings,
1 furring on walls, columns and partitions and
1 soffits of stairs for a seven-story and base
! ment brick, stone, Iron and terra cotta build
in* on NW corner of Post and Gardner streets,
I•N 137:6. W 118:6, S 50, E 13:6, S 57:6, E M;
! «24 440 75. ■'
Philip and Israel Flatow (owners) with A.
I Olson (contractor), architect C. A. Meuss
dcrffer—All work except painting;, plumbing
and electrical work for a two-story basement
and attic- frame building on w line of Leaven
i worth street. 95 N of Pine, N 42:6 by W 115;
l $828°. ■ ■■ * * '-' : " ■ '
Same owner with E. Wolfe (contractor),
architect same— Plumbing. gasflttintr, sewering,
tiling etc., for same on same; 1194 F.
Michael ' Gleeson (owner) with James Geary
' (contractor), architect James ■ P. . Brady— AlT
work except plumbing and painting for altera
tions and additions to. frame building on BE
line of Folsom street, 100 SW of Eighth. 8W 25
by SB 90, Nob. 1207 and . 1219 Folboib street;
$1335.. : - - .
VACANT OFFICES
IN SAN JOSE
Complaints Against the
Governor.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN* JOSE. Sept. 15.— The politicians of
this city and county are anxious to know
just when the Governor is going to give
his attention to a couple of vacancies ex
isting in county offices. The citizens also
are interested. The Governor so far has
paid no attention to their appeals and has
expressed no desire to hurry in the mat
ter.
The Supervisorship in the Fifth Dis
trict has been vacant since the death of >
B. F. Ayer, some four months ago. This
delay in making the appointment has
greatly inconvenienced the people of that
district, as there is considerable road
work in the district requiring immediate
attention.
Politicians, have kowtowed to the ex
ecutive in behalf of their men, but with
out success. Even Senator Shortridge,
who is believed to be very close to the
I Los Angeles man. has made several trips
| to Sacramento in regard to the matter. ;
i There are any number of suitable men ;
iin the field. Fred Cottle has the support ,
of the Rea forces and Shortridge, and
seems the most likely candidate. In fact,
so long has the matter dragged that many |
have retired from the race.
It is said that Assemblyman Walter j
Clark of Mountain View has been given i
the privilege of naming the Supervisor if j
he agrees to get in the Burns column at ;
the special session of the Legislature that
is likely to be called this winter. Clark.
rumor has it, has spurned the bribe, but !
the Governor is hopeful that the inconve
nience he is causing the people of the
Fifth District will cause a pressure to
be brought to bear upon Clark that will
make him take the plum and flop to
Burns.
Department 3 of the Superior Court
is without a Judge, the vacancy being
caused by the death oi Judge A. S. Kttt- j
rodge. Ex-Boss Rea wants D. W. Bureh
ard to get the place. Johnnie Macken- ;
zie is supporting Howell C. Moore and
Senator Shortridge is working in the In
terests of John E. Richards, lately from
San Francisco. J. C. Black and several
other prominent lawyers would not be
averse to wearing the judicial robe.
There is also an appeal before the Gov
ernor from the Alumni Association of the
State Normal School here asking him to
Interfere with the action of the trustees
and remove Principal James McNaughton ;
against whom charges of immorality and i
I incompetency hnd been made. This com
mittee has been given a cold snub, and the
Governor has not even acknowledged the
receipt of tho communication.
SUICIDE IN LOS ANGELES.
Mrs. Mootrie Shoots Herself During
a Fit of Despondency.
LOS ANGELJEJS, Sept. 15.— Mrs. Martha
VV. Mootrle phot herself in the broast this
afternoon, inflicting a wound which re
sulted in death liftren minutes later.
Despondency over long- continued ill
health was the cruise of suicide. She has
been in poor health for years, being at
times almost a nervous wreck and her
condition was aggravated by her Insane
jealousy of her husband.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page 10.
Bank Clearings.
NEW YORK, Sept. 13.— The following table, ■
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear-
Ings at all principal cities for the week ended
September 14, with the percentage of increase
and decrease as compared with the correspond
ing week last year: Percentage
s Percentage
Cities— Inc. Dec -
New York $1,009,792,581 30.3
Boston 125.730.49S 25.7
Chicago 123,638.015 21.0 ....
i Philadelphia 85.2R1.55« 34.3
St. Louis 32.297.215 1d. 7
IPlttsburg ?|-|IJi?l 1-1
Baltimore 15, <02,5n3 17.9 .... -
San Francisco 22.014.03S 34.2
Cincinnati 13 '< 53 '!^ 12.4
Kansas City 14.311.706 17.1
New Orleans 6,595.317 30.0
Minneapolis 11,927,234 37.4 ....
! Detroit 8.092,413 19.8
Cleveland 10,128.382 3+.0
Louisville I' 34 !'!!! ».2 ""
Providence 5.777,500 32.1
Milwaukee 3,223.955 12.2
St Paul 4,954, 359 23.1
Buffalo 5.345.402 31.7
OirTnha 6,777.616 1.1
Indianapolis 5.214.760 9.2
Columbus. 0 4,993.400 22.9
Savannah 2.740.719 13.6
Denver 5.981.238 27.1 v ....
! Hartford 2.653.578 22.1
; Richmond - 4.367. 81.6
I Memphis 1.960,112 33.7
Washington 1.867,433 5.2
j Peoria 1.995.464 32.6
! Rochester 1,820.149 8.4
I New Haven.. 1.845.004 20.2
Worcester 1,277,792 .... 18.4
Atlanta 1.4.-.4.550 23.9
Salt Lake City 2.405,494 29.7 ....
Springfield. Mass... 1.330.967 .... 14.7
Fort Worth 1.084,223 .... 9.2
Portland, Me 1.521,093 .... 9.5
Portland, Or H^SS "•?
St. Joseph 3.673,292 58.1
Los Angeles 1,988.669 63.6
Norfolk 948.698 19.7
Syracuse 1.070,13b 2.7
Dcs Moines 1.440.235 17.
Nashville 1,463,453 42.1
Wilmington, Del... 897.821 20.5
Fall River 725.692 8.8
Scranton 915.643 16.7
Grand Rapids *»HS>SS * 210
Augusta, Ga 698.082
Lowell 479,431 .... ....
Dayton 0 959.549 22.6
Seattle 2.213,230 72.6
Tacoma 1.051,134 44.9
Spokane 1.225,194 46.7
l^uxCity. 1.120.573 30.8
New Bedford . 3 ".7d2 .... 19.7
Knoxville, Term.... 553.999 24.8
Topeka 710.499 61.7
•Birmingham P. 4.325 ....
Wichita 619,165 79.5 ....
BlnKhamton 340,600 2.9 ....
Lexington. Ky 419,759 .... 10.4
Jacksonville, Fla... 229,007 .... 7.6
Kalamazoo TO 18.5
I Akron 468. 39.2 ....
Chattanooga 307,908 — - 7.8
Rockford. 111 255.U3 56.5
Canton 0 243.800 16.
Springfield, 0 300.960 25.2
Fargo, N. D 398,155 22.0 ' ....
Sioux Falls ,i \.V... 129.564 13.1 ....
Hastings, Neb 132,763 38.9' ....
Fremont. Neb 126.689 44. 1
Davenport «».SM 30.6
Toledo 2.093,413 a 2.2
•OauUton ■ 7.321.000 .... 13.1
•Houston 8,297.359 2.0 ....
Youngstown, 0 330.080 10.0
PprinKfleld. 11l 446.189 11.7
Maron 000.000 2.>.8 ....
Little Rock 334,922 65.6
Kvansville S2o.ll ? 23.1
Helena ™.V» 34.0
tsaginaw 33Z,!»00 ••••
Totals. U. 5.... 51.710. 393. 28.7
T 0 "-!" 6 . XPW 610.C00.657 25.9 ....
DOMINION OF CANADA.
•Montreal $11,855,972 X\ '±
Tor-nto 9.927.109 25.1
VVlnnipeg Mf* 46.0
Ti-iif-v- 1,426,14< 18.8 ....
amllton m.m 6.0 ....
St. John. N. B 698.294 9.0 ••••
tVancouver ll Ji* 1 ?; l ••••
tVlctoria • 761,076 .... .-••
Totals $26,821,578 12.6
•Not included In totals because containing
other Items than clearings. tNot Included in
'■ totals because of no comparison- for last year.
Ttttw Ball.
Branch Hydro&raphlc Office, U. S N.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Cal..
September IS, 1899.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
bunding was drcpppil at exactly noon to-day—
I c , at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
r'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
' V C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., in charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Tlmes and Heights of High and Low
VTaters at Fort Point, entrance to Ban
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters oocur at
the city Iront (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 16.
Sun rises 5:52
Sun sets 6:13
Moon sets 2:20 a. m.
B ]Tirnej ITimel | Timel ITime]
» I Ft. [ 1 Ft. I Ft. -— - Ft.
? L W H W L W -|H W _
16 .'. 2:29 —0.1 9:25 5.1] 2:39 2.1 8:46 5.6
17 ... 3:19 0.0 10:03 5.4 3:30 1.5. 9:45 .5.7,
IS ... 4:02i 0.21 10:391 5.6 4:21 0.9 10:40 5.7
19 ... 4:43 0.5 11:12' 5.71 5:11 0.5 11:35 5.5
20 ... 5:21 0.9 11:46 5.9 6:00 0.1 )
H W L W ]H W L Wj
21 ... 0:29 5.3 6:00 1.41 12:22 6.0 6:46-0.1
22 .. /1:24 5.0| 6:40 1.9 1:01 6.0 7:40|— 0.1
23 ... 2:22 4.61 7:23 2.4 1:43 5.S S:39j 0.0
NOTE: — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given ' n tne 'eft
hand column and the successive, tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
end the last or right hand column gives the
last ride of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
fiven are In addition to the soundings on the
■nited States Coast Survey charts, except
•when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given 1b subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference if> the mean of the lower low wntera.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. I From. I Due.
Mackinaw 'Taooma |Sep. 17
Columbia Portland.... Sep. 17
Santa Rosa San Diego Sep. 17
Miami Seattle Sep. 18
Empire Coos Bay Sep. J8
Del Norte Willapa Harbor Sep. 18
Crescent City... Crescent City Sep. IS
Tltanla INanaimo .Sep. 19
Pomona Humboldt Sep. 19
Coos Bay Newport Sep. 19
Colon Panama Sep. 19
Coptic China and Japan Sep. 19
Walla Walla... 'Victoria _ Puget Sound Sep. 19
Charles Nelson. 'Taooma Sep. 20
Carm'th'nshlre San Diego Sep. 20
Willamette .... Seattle Sep. 20
Wellington ..... Departure Bay Sep. 21
Corona San Diego Sep. 21
Weeott 'Humboldt ISep-. 22
Mariposa Sydney Sep. 22
State of Cal.... Portland Sep. 22
Areata Coos Bay Sep. 22
Point Arena Point Arena Sep. 22
Bonita San Pedro Sep. 23
North Fork Humboldt Sep. 23
Czarina I Puget Sound Sep. 23
TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. J Sails. I Pier.
A. Blanch'd Oregon Ports. Sep. 16, 10 am Pier 13
I Bertha Alaska Sep. 16, 2 pm Pier 6
I Pomona ....Humboldt 'Sep. 16. 2 Pier 9
j Areata Coos Bay Sep. 17, 10 am Pier IS
Samoa Humboldt .Sep. 17, 10 am Pier 2
I Bonlta 'Newport ISep. 17. 9 am'Pler 11
i North Fork. Humboldt Sep. 18, 12 m Pier 2
Luella Tillamook Sep. is, 9 am Pier 2
1 Point Arena Point Arena.. Sep. 18, 2 Pier 2
Weeott Humboldt j Sep. IS, 2 pm Pier 13
San Juan... I Panama Sep. 18, 12 m PMSS
Queen Vic & Part Sd/Sep. is, 10 am Pier 9
Coquille Grays Harbor Sep. 19 J
Santa Rosa. San Diego...... Sep. 19, 11 am Pier 11
Columbia .. Portland Sep. 20, 10 am Pier 24
Australia ...IHonolulu Sep. 20, 2 Pier 7]
] Coos Bav.... I Newport Sep. 21, 9 am Pier 11 ,
Walla Wall' Vic & Pgt Sd.lSep. 23. 10 am Pier 9
I Corona San Diego Sep. 23, 11 am Pier 11
j State Cal.... [Portland Sep. 25. 10 am Pier 24
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Friday, September 15.
Stmr Areata, Reed. 53 hours from Goes Bay,
via Port Orford 45 hours.
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen. 11 hours from
Mendocino, etc.
Stmr Cleone, Hlggins, 16 hours from Caspar,
via Albion 13 hours.
Stmr Lacuna, Ericsson, 20 hours from Bear
Harbor. ■.'.
Stmr Brunswick, Andresen, 7 days from
Portland, via Coos Bay.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, from cruise In search
of derelict raft.
Tug Rescue, Thompson, from cruise In search
of derelict raft.
Tug Reliance, Brokaw, from a cruise in
search of derelict raft.
Haw bark Santiago, Engalls, 24 days from
Hilo.
CLEARED.
Friday, September 15.
Stmr Homer, Hleßlns. St Michael, via Un
alnska; Alaska Exploration Co.
Brig Lurllne, MacLeod, Kahului; Alexander
& Baldwin.
Schr H C Wright. OJsen, Kahului, via Klllls
noo; Alexander & Baldwin.
SAILED.
Friday, September 15.
Stmr George Loomls, Brldgett, Ventura,
Stmr Washtenaw.- Croscup, Tacoma.
Stmr State of California, Green, < Astoria,
Stmr Corona. Hall, San Pieg-o. *
Stmr Sunol, Liebig:, Hardy Creek.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson. .
Stmr Navarro. Higglns, Usal, with schr
Dewey In tow.
Stmr Fulton, Levlnson. Trinidad.
Stmr Gipsy, Inland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Brunswick. Andresen, . /
Bark Wilna, Slater, Puget Sound.
Brig Lurllne, MacLeod, Kahului.
• Schr Transit, Jorgenson, Honolulu.
' Schr Dewey, Schmaling, in tow of stmr Na
varro.
Schr Daisy Rowe, Wilson, Coos Bay.
Pchr Joseph and Henry, Arff, Coqutlle River.
Schr Eureka, Asplund, Coqutlle River.
Schr Pioneer, Mikkelson. Grays Harbor.
Schr Sequoia, Larsen, Port Hadlock.
Schr Sparrow. Dart, Eureka.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Sept 15, 10 p Weather
foggy; wind SW; velocity 8 miles.
SPOKEN.
No date, lat 31 S. lon 48 W— ship Seafarer,
from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
Sept 11. lat 50 N T , lon 7 W— Fr bark Marguer
ite Mollnos, from Swansea, for San Francisco.
MEMORANDUM.
Per tug Reliance — Seat 14, at midnight, 6
miles south of Point Reyes, spoke ship Invin
cible, from Bristol Bay, for San Francisco; also
stmr Alcazar, bound for Port Los Angeles.
Sept 15. 1 p m, 10 miles XW of Point Reyes
Bark Merom, from Bristol Bay, for San Fran
cisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
HUENEME— Arrived Sept 15— Stmr Coquille
River, from Grays Harbor.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Sept 15— Bktn
Skagit. from Honolulu, for fort Ludlow; bktn
Catherine Sudden, from St Michael.
Sailed Sect Haw ship John Ena, from
Port Blakeley, for Delagoa Bay.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Sept 15— Schr Charles
E Falk. for San Francisco. W :
BOWENS LANDING— Sept 15— Schr
Corinthian, for San Francisco.
Arrived Sept 15— Schr, Mary Etta, hence Au
gust 31.
ASTORIA— Sept 15— Stmr Columbia,
for San Francisco.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Sept 15— U S stmr Path
finder, for Sai* Francisco.
FORT ROSS— Arrived Sept IS— Schr Mary C,
hence Sent 12.
SEATTLE — Arrived Sept Bark Harry
Morse, from Astoria: stmrs Al-Kl and Far
allon. from Dyea.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Sept 15— Schr Lucy,
from Umoqua.
Sailed Sept 15— Schr Alice, for Eureka; stmrs
Luella and Ruth, for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Sept 15— Bktn Ska-
Kir, from Honolulu. - ;-•
NEWPORT— Arrived Sept 15— Stmr South
Coast, from Eureka.
EUREKA— Arrived Sept 15— Bktn Monitor,
hence Sejt 4.
EASTERN PORTS.
NORFOLK— SaiIed Sept 14— Br ship Glooscap, '
for Manila. FOREIGN PORTB.
HONGKONG— SaiIed Sept 14— Br stmr Tartar,
for San Francisco
COLON — Arrived Sept 13 — Stmr Advance,
from New York.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Sept 11— Stmr China,
hence Ant 25.
ANTWERP— SaiIed Sept 12— Br shin Bala
sore, for San Francisco, and passed Dungeness
Sept 14.
NEWCASTLE. Aus-Failed Sept 12— Br bark
Errol. for Honolulu
SANTA ROSALIA— SaiIed Auk 27— Br ship
Ben Deare. for Port Town.«end.
NAGASAKI— In port Sept ll— Stmr Pennsyl
vania from Manila, for San Francisco.
MAZ.ATLAN— SaiIed Sept Stmr Colon, for
PANAMA— Arrived Sept 14— Br bark Haddon
Hall, from Newcastle, Aus *r:i': V .I
HULL—Arrived Sept la— Br ship Routenburn,
SWANSEA-- Called Sept 14— Br ship Merion
eth for San Francisco.
BRISBANE— SaiIed Sept 15— Br stmr Aorangl,
for Vancouver.
NANAIMO— SaiIed Sept Nor stmr Tlta.nla,
for San Francisco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS. ;.-
ST MICHAELS— Arrived Sept 15— Stmr Ems,
from New York, for Nanlea. etc.
BOSTON— Arrived Sept 15— Stmr Sylvania.
fn-ra Liveri'nol.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
TOYO KISEN KAISHI
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan ptivets, 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on £ay
of Railing.
AMERICA-MARU Friday. October 6
HONGKONG- MARU Wednesday, Nov. 1
Rouna-trlp tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market St., cor. First.
W. H. AVERT. General Axent.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
HARTFORD
STEAM BOILER INSPECTION
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD, IN THE STATE OF CON-
necticut, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. ISdS, and for the year ending on that day,
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
.State of California, pursuant to the Provisions
Of Sections 810 and till of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Cora-
mise loner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash :. $500.000_00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $58,432 91
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 301,000 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned (■>• Company 1,682,59100
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral
Cash in Company's Office 3.523 70
Cash in Banks 97,267 02
Interest due and accrued on all
Stockß and Loans
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and mortgages 6,982 67
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 246,726 6S
Rents due and accrued
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid '
Total Assets > 98
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense $16.984 27?
Losses resisted, including expensed...
Gross premiums on Risks running
one year or less, $84,944 67; rein-
surance 50 per cent 42,497 33
Gnifs premiums on Risks running
more than one year, $2,481,979 71;
reinsurance pro rata 1,286,705 40
Total Liabilities .$1,346, 187 "00
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for pre-
miums $938,82192
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 97,790 24
Received for profit on Securities
sold 1.0T.7 46
Profit and Loss collected 880 (ft
Special Mechanical Services 1,977 12
Total Income .$1,039,996 74
EXPENDITT'RES.
Net amount paid for Losses (includ-
ing S losses of previous
years) r $55.725 73
Dividends to Stockholders 60,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 220,002 80
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 43.5'" » 68
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 27.? l !O<>
Paid for Inspections 329.1: • 33
All other payments and expenditures 155, 1f OS
Total Expenditures $891,3f'j 65
Losses incurred during the ypnr $>'>l,of* 17
Risks and Premiums. | Risks. ! Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the] :
, year I $119,728,589 $1,067,1 S3 96
Net amount of Risks!
expired during thel
year I H4.059.200 I 1,012.034 30
Net amount in force
December 31, 1W....' 280,000.096 1 2.566.974 3S
J. M. ALLEN, President.
J. B. PIERCE. Secretary.
Subscribed aivl sworn to before me this 2."th
day of January, 1889.
HENRY E. TATNTDR.
Notary Publlo.
MANN & WILSON,
GENERAL AGENTS,
306 SANSOME ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
H^ Steamers leave Broadway
V?hiin . wharf, San Francisco.
iJ£" -C^fti. For Alaskan ports, in a. m.,
ESpfiteS&lSSk September 18. 23. 28, October
feiS^S^ 3, change at Seattle.
K£jKy2jss For Victoria. Vancouver
|BBfWfff7n'j (I!. C). Port Townsend. Se-
r^^"w3jsSrt3ij attle. Tacoma. Everett. Ana-
''iMWjy* cortes and New - Whatcom
(Wash.), 10 a. m., September
18, 23, 28, October 3, and
every fifth day thereafter: change at Seattle
to this company's steamers for Alaska and
G. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka iHumboldt Bay), . 2 p. m.. Sep-
tember 16, 21, 26, October 1, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo),
Gaviota, Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme,
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m.. September iT. 21. 25, 29, Oc-
tober S. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Pan Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
m.. Sent ember 15, 19, -23, 27, October 1, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each,
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to chance
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts..
10 Market st.. San "Francisco.
THE 8. R. & N, CO.
;•*" DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO ■
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC $12 First Class Including: Bert*
IHIIL $8 Second Clas I and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Sept. 5. 15. 25; Oct. 5. 15. 25
COLUMBIA sails ..Sept 10, 20, 30: Oct. 10, 20, 30
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Louis Sept. 20 St. Louis Oct. 11
St. Paul Sept. 27 St. Paul Oct. IS
New Tork Oct. 4 New Tork Oct. 25
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwcro.
From New Tork Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Kensington:. ... Sept. 20 Southwark Oct. 11
Nordland Sept. 27 Westernland Oct. 18
Friesland Oct. 4 Kensington Oct. 25
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
SO Montgomery ft., or any of Its agencies.
fMgneamAQA The S. 3. Australia
JhUI^IL sails fur Honolulu
ffrndM« Wednesday. Septem-
W"■ her 20, at 2 p. m.
Jai/L* A P- S. Mariposa sails
v <tp2mch|n-l via Honolulu and
G)lCfllil3lll|/ - ■ Auckland for Sydney
fOffiPfflO/J-- Wednesday, October
vyiiifjuicq^ 4 at 10 p m
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa, New ' Zealand, Australia, India, Suez,
England, etc.: $610 first class.
I. D. SPRECKELS 4 BROS. CO.. Agts.. H4Montgomeri
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight 0ff1ce.327 Market St
COMPAGNIE OENEKALE TRANSATLANTIC^.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
ssrwra ■ North^River. lo^ v<wa
Morton st LA BItETAGNE. Sept. 23: LA
TOCRAINE Sept. 30; LA NORMANDIE. Oct.
7- LA CHAMPAGNE. Oct. 14; LA OASCOCtNE,
Oct 21 First-class to Havre, |<S and up-
ward I per cent reduction on round trip,
cecond-olass to Havre. $45. 10 per cent reduc
tion on round trip. GENERAL AGENCT FOR
iINTTFD STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broad-
way (Hudson building); New York. J. F. FU-
GAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Montgom-
ery av^^anFmilii^i-—--— >--.^_»._
BAY AND KIVEB steameks.
ToTuTsTnavmSd and vallejoT
13! "" Steamer "ftlonticello."
MON Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:43
a m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night), Fri-
days 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m., S
p m' Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FAKB ....j .••• ........... v 600
1314
INHERITANCE TAX IS
NOW CONSTITUTIONAL
Supreme Court So Decides in
the Stanford Estate Case.
Its Former Exposition of the Law Entirely
Reversed--The State School Fund Will
Be Enriched by Many Hundred
Thousands of Dollars.
IX an opinion handed down yesterday
in the matter of the estate of Lel.-uid
Stanford, deceased, the Supreme
Court has held as constitutional the
act of March 23. 1593. as amended four
vcors after, In the matter of taxing ool
iateral inheritances. This opinion, which
was written by Justice Van Dyke and
concurred in by Chief Justice Beatty
and Justices Temple and Garoutte. re
verses the decision in the same case
written about a year ago by Justice Har
rison.
' In yesterday's decision Justice Harri
son dissented. The law as laid down
yesterday applies to every estate in Cali
fornia over $500 in value and puts immedi
ately into the school fund nearly $300,000.
When Senator Stanford died ho left a
will In which, among other bequests, he
gave $2,600,000 to trustees for the benefit
of the university ho had established, and
52.2iw.000 to certain of his nephews anil
niece's residing in this State and In the
East.
• The District Attorney of this county,
on behalf of the Treasurer, brought an
nction against Mrs. Stanford, us admin
istratrix, for $236,750 taxes on the collat
eral inheritances mentioned. In the lower
court Judgment went in favor of the law
and an appeal was taken to th., Supreme
Court by Mrs. Stanford. Justice Harri
son's decision reversed the Judgment of
the lower court. His position was that
the legislative amendment of L 897, exempt
ing local heirs' and ;axing foreign heirs'
Inheritances was a discrimination and
hence the act and amendment were un
constitutional. This decision was regard
ed as a great victory, as it was a Hard
blow to tne inheritance lax act.
W F. Fitzgerald, then Attorney Gen
eral made application to the Supreme
Court for a rehearing of the case, bas
ing his petition on tne ground that tne
Slate was 41 party In the case, and as us
legal representative ho had never been
served with a notice of appeal. i'he
t?:at.-'s Interest lay in the loss or gain to
its school fund. '; he motion was granted
and Mr. Fitzgerald, retiring from office,
his successor, . Irey L. Fora, pursued tne
case to yesterday's victory lor the btate.
In the" decision the constitutionality of
the act under consideration is upheld on
the ground that the tax in question is
not upon the property but upon the right
of succession, nd the right of the Legis
lature to lmpo.se an excise tax includes
tho right to select the subjects upon
which it shall be imposed, The reason
for the mount now due, about $300,000,
being greau-r than the amount sued tor,
s£ii.i:>o, is on - ount of the penalties at
tached lor non-payment of the tax, as
shown in the following decision:
IN BANK.
In the matter of the estate of Le
land Stanford, deceased— F. No. 571.
Inland Stanford died June 21, 1593,
leaving a last will and testament by
which he gave the sum of .$2,5u0,000 to
certain trustees lor the benelit of the
Leland Stanford Jr. University, and
also legacies amounting to $2,200,000 to
certain of his nepbews and nieces.
April 14, IS9O, the Superior Court of
Sian Francisco, in which the settlement
01 said estate was pending, on the ap
plica of the Treasurer of the city
und county of San Francisco made an
order requiring Jane L. Stanford, as
executrix of tne last will an<l testa
ment of said !..• land Stanford, de
ceased, to pay into the treasury of
said city ana count) $235,750 as ana for
a tax on collateral inheritances. From
this order an appeal was taken May
IS, 1896. The act under which the or
der directing the inheritance tax to be
paid over was approved March 23, 1893,
and took effect sixty days thereafter.
(Statutes 1693, page 193.) It is entitled
"An act to establish a tax on col
lateral inheritances, bequests and de
vises, to provide for its collection and
to direct the dispostion of the pro
• • Is." The first section reads as
follows
"Section 1. After the passage of this
act all property which shall pass by
will or by the Intestate laws of this
State from any person who may die
seized or possessed of the same while
a resident of this State, or if such de
cedent was not a resident of this State
at the time of death, which property,
or any part thereof, shall be within
this State, or any Interest therein or
income therefrom which shall be
transferred by deed, grant, sale or
gift, made In contemplation of the
death of the grantor or bargainer, or
intended to take effect in possession or
enjoyment after such death, to any
person or persons, or to any body poli
tic or corporate, In trust or otherwise,
or by reason whereof any person or
body politic or corporate shall become
beneficially entitled, in possession or
expectancy, to any property, or to the
Income thereof, other than to or for
the use of his or her father, mother,
husband, wife, lawful Issue, brother.
Bister, the wife or widow of a son, or
the husband of a daughter, or any
child or children adopted as such In
conformity with the laws of the State
of California, and any lineal descen
dant of such decedent born in lawful
wedlock, or the societies, corporations
and Institutions now exempted by law
from taxation by reason whereof any
such person or corporation shall be
come beneficially entitled, In posses
sion or expectancy to any such prop
erty, or to the income thereof, shall be
and is subject to a tax of five dollars
on every hundred dollars of the mar
ket value of such property, and at a
proportionate rate for any less
amount, to be paid to the Treasurer
2 {^ th< i r/oper county, as hereinafter
defined, for the use of the State; and
all administrators, executors and
trustees shall be liable for any and all
such taxes until the same shall have
been paid, as hereinafter directed*
provided, that an estate which may 'be
valued at a leas sum than five hun
dred dollars shall not be subject to
such duty or tax."
Section 4 reads: "All ta-xes Imposed
by this act. unless otherwise provided
for. shall be due and payable at the
death of the decedent, and If the same
are paid -within eighteen months no
Interest shall be charged and collected
thereon, but if not so paid, interest
at the rate of 10 per centum per an
num shall ne charged and collected
from the time said tax accrued; pro
vided, thnt if said tax Is paid within
six months after the accruing thereof
a discount of C per centum shall be
allowed and deducted from said tax.
And In all cases where the executors
administrators or trustees do not
pay such tax within eighteen months
from the death of the decedent, they
shall be required to give a bond, In
the form and to the effect prescribed
jn section 2 of this act. for the pay
ment of said tax. together with In
terest." In another section it Is pro
vided that if litigation becomes neces
sary- or If for other unavoidable cause
for delay the estate cannot be settled
at the end of eighteen months, then
only 7 per cent should be charged. The
tax paid over to or collected by the
County Treasurer Is by him required
to be paid Into the treasury of the
Stale for the use of the State school
"After the appeal herein was perfect-
After the appeal herein was perfect
ed this court, in- re Wilmerding. had
occasion to consider the nature and
character of this collateral inheritance
tax, and therein, also he d the act
in question to be constitutional. (117
Cal.. 251.) In the opinion in that case
It is said: "Similar statutes have
been enacted in other States, and.
•with the exception of New Hampshire,
have been sustained by the courts in ,
thope States, upon the ground that
the charge thus Imposed Is in the na
ture "i an excise tax or .1 tax upon
. t he right of succession, and is within
the constitutional power of the Legis
lature. (Citing a number of cases of
the various States.)
"The principles upon which the tax
is upheld have, been so fully and
clearly elaborated In the above cases
that it is necessary to ';■• no more
than refer to the cases. The right of
inheritance. Including the designation
of heirs arid the proportions which the
several heirs shall receive, as well as
the right of testamentary disposition,
are entirely matters of statutory en
actment, and within the control of the
Legislature. As it is only by virtue
of the statute that the heir is en
titled to receive any of his ancestor's
estate; or that the ancestor can divert
his estate from the heir, the same
authority which confers this privilege
may attach to It the condition that a
portion of the estate so received shall
be contributed to the state, and the
portion thus to be contributed is pe
culiarly within the legislative discre
tion." And, again: "As this tax is
not upon property, but upon tne right
of succession, the constitutional pro
vision that all property shall be taxed
according to Its value is inapplicable.
The right of the Legislature to impose
an excise tax Includes the right to se
lect the subjects upon which it shall
be imposed."
In Estate of Smith, 137 N. V.. 83, cited
by appellants, that court, In speaking
or this question, says: "The precise
definition of the nature of this tax is
not essential, If it Is susceptible of
exact definition. Thus far in this court
we have not thought It necessary in
the cases coming before us to deter
mine whether the object of taxation is
the property which passes or not;
though In some expressions may be
found which seem to regard the tax;
In that light." (Referring to a num
ber of cases in that State. "The idea
of this succession tax, as we may con
veniently term it. Is more or lees com
pound; the principal Idea being the
subjection of property, ownership of
which has ceased by reason of the
death of the owner, to a diminution,
by the state reserving to itself a por
tion of its amount, if in money, or
of its appraised value if In other lorms
of property."
The decision In the W'ilmerding case
would have disposed of this appeal
were it not that the act in question
was amended by the Legislature of
I 1 The act of 1897 is entitled. "An act
to amend an act entitled 'An act to
establish a tax on collateral inherit
ances, bequests and devises, to pro
vide for its collection and to direct the
disposition of the proceeds.' approved
March 23. 1893." It amends section 1
of the act of 1893 by including among
those who are exempt from the tax
the niece or nephew when a resident
of this State, along with certain classes
of rations, of which the above
named university is one.
Such amendatory act contains an
Independent section, numbered 2. read
ing as follows: "The exemptions con
tained in this act shall apply to all
property which has passed, by will,
succession or transfer, since the ap
proval of the act of which this act Is
amendatory, except in those cases
where the tax has been paid to the
Treasurer of the proper county." It
1- claimed on the part of the appellants
that the appeal herein must be deter
mined in accordance with the act of
ISM. as amended, referring, in support
of such contention, to Bank vs. Hen
derson. 101 Cal., 307, and other cases in
the same line. Such decisions are to
the effect that in certain cases where,
subsequent to the appeal, matters arise
affecting the same, upon proper sug
gestion and proof of such matters they
will be considered by the appellate
court; specially is this so when the ac
tion is of a penal characther, as it
was in the Henderson case.
On the other hand, It is contended
upon the part of the respondent that
the amendatory act in question, so far
as it attempts to relieve these appel
lants and other beneficiaries similarly
situated from the condltions_or obliga
tions contained in the act of iv"), being
In effect a relinquishment to them of
the sums due the State under said act,
is unconstitutional and void.
It will be seen by the express terms
of the act of 1593 all taxes imposed
thereby "shall be due and payable at
the death of the decedent." And also
that such taxes "shall be immediately
due and payable to the Treasurer of
the proper county."
By section 25. article IV, of the con
stitution It in declared :> "The Legisla
ture shall not pass local or special
laws in the following enumerated
cases, that is to say: • • • Fifteenth:
Refunding money paid into the State
treasury. • * • Seventeenth: Re
leasing or extinguishing. In whole or
in part, the indebtedness, liability or
obligation' of any corporation or per
son to this State, or to any munici
pal corporation therein." In answer to
the foregoing- provisions of the consti
tution it may be claimed that the act
In question is not local or special legis
lation, and in form it may not be so.
But the framers of the constitution,
and the people who adopted it, did
not hedge about the Legislature with
such restraints In the matter of con
ferring favors, or making gifts or do
nations by special and local legisla
tion, and at the same time leave the
door wide open for similar abuses to
enter under the guise of general legis
lation. By section 22 of the same
article the Legislature is prohibited
from making any grant or donation of
property to any Institution not under
the exclusive management and control
of the State, except institutions con
ducted for the care and support of
orphans and half-orphans, and aged
inalgent persons, and In such except) ■!
cases reserving to the. State the right
Of visitation. By section 31 of said
article it Is declared, among other re
strictions Imposed upon the Legisla
ture: "Nor shall It have power to
make any gift, or authorize the mak
ing of any gift, of any public money
or thing of value to any Individual,
municipal or other corporation what
ever; provided, that nothing In this
section shall prevent the Legislature
granting aid pursuant to section 22 of
this article."
in answer to the contention on the
p*rt of the respondent that by the
amendatory act at 1597 it Is attempted
to give or donate public money or
thing of value, appellant's counsel
snys: "That the State never had pos
eession of any part of the 'accumula
r acquiEltiona' of Leland Stan
ford, deceased; • • • an( 3 ne (re
npondent) has not shown how the
State could give away what it never
had." In other words, it is claimed
that one not in the possession of prop
erty Is not the owner of It. The law
of ISO 3 repeatedly declares that the
portion coming to the State ".shall be
due and payable at the death of the
decedent. And it Is further provided
that from that time until paid over in
the cdurse of administration the sum
no due the State Bhall bear Interest,
and interest shall be paid on the sum
so due the State.
It would be absurd to exact Interest
for the detention or use of money or
property not belonging to the party
who demands It. It is elementary law
that the right of Inheritance, Includ
ing the designation of heirs, and the
portions which the several heirs shall
receive, as well as the right of testa
mentary disposition, are entirely mat
ters nf statutory enactment, and with
in the control of the Legislature. It
is only by virtue of the statute that an
heir Is entitled to receive any of hla
ancestor's estate; and the Legislature
can provide that the whole or only
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1899.
TIME COULD NOT QUENCH
THE LOVE OF THEIR YOUTH
A TALE of love, marriage, separation
and finally Cupid's triumph after
a struggle lasting for twenty-seven
years, lies concealed behind the
simple announcement of the engagment of
Mrs. Minnie It. Mills, the pinnist. of 310
S< 1: street and Chauncey S. Watson. The
wedding will take place this month on the
■ day that marks the twenty-seventh annl
■ versary of the couple's first marriage.
: The same ring with which they plighted
their troth while love reigned supreme.
j and before the little god's spell was
, broken by Unhappy and unfortunate cir
; cumstances, will do service again, and the
I bride will wear the same wedding gown
that she has carefully cherished during
all the long years of separation.
Mrs. Mills and Mr. Watson were mar
ried In September, IS7I. They were too
yi '.lnrr to appreciate life's responsibilities,
neither having passed 20, and although
endowed with wealth and all else that
should bring happiness, in three and a
1 half years their dream of love was o'er.
I and the courts severed the nuptial ties
I that the young e.*;:ple thought were irk-
Borne. Mis. Watson, with her two chil
dren, returned to her parents, and the
husband drifted to other sections of the
I country.
They passed completely out of each
! other's lives, and for years the old love
spark burned so feebly that neither ap
, predated th;>.t it existed. Mrs. Watson
married again and became Mrs. Mills, j
Mr. Watson also found a new love, took j
unto himself a second wife and reared a
family of four children.
Ten years ago, after almost forgetting
BATTLESHIP WISCONSIN NEARLY
READY FOR HER BUILDERS' TEST
Engines to Be Turned Over Monday and in Two Weeks She Will Be Tried.
rpHE battleship Wisconsin will be ready for her builder's trial trip In two weeks. On Monday her engines will be A
I turned over for the first time and then as soon as her steering gear is ready she will make a run on the bay. 4
B I Should the Government permit the use of weights Instead of her turrets she will be ready for her official test in 85
,♦ -*• the Santa Barbara channel the first week in October. ♦
♦ Had it not been for the delay in supplying the armor the Wisconsin would have been ready to go into comrriis- *P
Blon last July. The Union Iron Works had its part of the ship ready with the exception of the steering gear and that
4 could not be put In because the conning tower had not arrived from the Eas£ All the gear for steering tho +
it fighting machine goes through the tower and until it arrived all work on the Wisconsin had to cease. The conning S3
♦ tower arrived a couple of days ago and Is now being put in place. By Monday the work will be far enough ad- ♦
vanced to allow of the engines being turned uver and about October 1 the battleship will be seen in the bay for the 28
& first tlnie under her own steam. ♦
V No one seems to know just when iier turrets will got here. But weights sufficient to represent them could be 8?
c§ placed fore and "aft and the vessel In that way brought to load water line called for by the contract. The lowa was so gt
a loaded down when she had her trial in the Santa Barbara channel and if the Union Iron Works makes the request ±
5» there is no doubt that the Government will allow the Wisconsin to be tested under similar conditions. . g»
♦ The battleship Wisconsin was launched on November 26, IS9B. Her dimensions are 3GB feet, breadth 72 feet 2^ ♦
& inches, draft 23 feet 6 Inches and displacement 11.500 tons. Her battery will consist of four 13-Inch rifled guns, four- So
♦ teen 6-inch rapid-fire guns, sixteen 6-pounder rapid-fire guns and one machine gun. Besides making allowance for her £-
? turrets she would have to carry a sufficient weight to represent all these guns, so there will be considerable pigiron on
gj her decks in case the Government gives permission for her trial trip.
a portion shall go to the heirs or other
beneficiaries upon the death of tho
ancestor. This being so, and the Leg
islature In this case having determined
that 05 per cent of the decedent's es
tate may go to his heirs and benefi
ciaries, and that r> per cent be retained
to the State, it is too clear for argu
ment that this 5 per cent vested In tho
State at the same time that the tto per
ii n1 vested In the hfiirs or other bene
ficiaries. "An estate Is vested when
then- is an immediate right of present
nient, or a present fixed right of
future enjoyment." (Fourth Kent's
Com., 2^2.) The State r here, from the
death of the decedent, had a present
fixed right of future enjoyment to the
f. per cent of his estate. This is prop
erty or a thing of value belonging to
the' State.
The following from the Civil Code
in merely reciting the common law:
"The ownership of a thing Is the right
of one or more persons to possess and
use it to the exclusion of others. In
this code the thing ofwhlch there may
be ownership Is called property." (Sec.
654.) "There may be ownership of all
inanimate things which are ctpable of
appropriation or of manual delivery,
of all domestic animals, of all obliga
tions; of such products of labor or
skill, as the. composition of an author,
good will of a business, trademarks
and signs, and of rights created or
granted by statute." (Sec. C 55.) It Is,
therefore, not the possession alone,
but the right to possess, that consti
tutes the ownership; and ownership
may be "of rights created or granted
by "statute," as the case here. It would
be altogether a new definition In the
law to hold that one who had not ob
tained possession of a thing or had
parted with its possession could not be
the owner of such thing. This would
be contrary to the teachings of ele
mentary law, which recognizes a right
in action as well as a right in posses
sion This rule contended for would
make ownership depend altogether
upon strength and agility in obtaining
and holding possession of things.
The purpose of the act of 1897, as ap
pears by its title, was merely to amend
the act of 1593. Section 1 of the latter
act amends section 1 of the act of 1893
by re-enacting said section at length,
as required by the constitution. There
after is added to the act of 1897 the in
dependent section 2, which attempts to
each other's existence, the couple met by
chance at Haywards, where Mr. and Mrs.
Mills and children were stopping. Years
had brought about many changes in the
personal appearance of the couple, and
neither recognized the other. At the din
ner table they were introduced by parties
who little suspected their former rela
tions, and who were astounded when -Mr.
! Watson abruptly left the room. He con-
J trlved, however, to meet his children, and
! to them he disclosed his identity. He ere
! ated a deep impression upon them, one of
I the results of which was the complete re
conciliation of the couple, the crowning
act of which will be their wedding this
month.
Sickness forced Mr. Mills to go to Flor
| Ida. The separation from the former wife
• of Mr. Watson was made complete by a
divorce. The hand of death claimed the
j second Mrs. Watson. While both were
I thus freed from marriage ties fate kept
I them apart until aboVit a year and a half
j ago. At that time Mr. Watson was pre
• paring to leave the State, never to return.
By chance he met his son, and learning
| that his first wife was free pleaded for an
\ Interview. The boy had no difficulty in
I arranging the reunion. The couple that
j had been separated for close on to a quar
ter of a century found that the first love
\ had outlived all the assaults that a cruel
fate had made upon it. The smoldering
! spark fanned itself into life and glowed
1 with greater fervor than it had when the
j love of the couple was young.
The wedding will be attended only by
the members of the Watson and Mills
families, and among these will be the six
grandchildren of the contracting parties.
release the payment of the taxes Im
posed by the act of 1593, except such as
have already been paid over to the
Treasurer of the proper county.
Passing consideration of the ques
tion whether this section is not In
valid because not embraced In the
title of the act, and for the further
reason that It. in effect, amends other
sections of the act of 1893 without re
enacting them, it would strike the or
dinary mind as a strange piece of leg
islation. The one who has been prompt
In complying with the law and paid
into the county treasury what belongs
to the State is punlshe"d for his good,
conduct by retaining the money so
paid, whereas he who has refused to
obey the law is rewarded by giving or
releasing to him that which belongs to
the State and which he unjustly with
held.
The object of this unjust discrimina
tion is apparent. To take public funds
from the treasury and give them away
would be a more bald and palpable
violation of the constitution than to
arrest such funds in transit and return
them or give them away. The latter,
however, is only an Indirect mode of
accomplishing the same result; but in
law that which cannot be done directly
may not be done indirectly. The funds
in question here were never In the
possession of the appellants, but in the
possession of the administratrix of the
estate, as an agent under the law to
hand them over to the State as the
owner thereof.
It is said, however, on behalf of ap
pellants that the Legislature may not
only amend, but repeal the law alto
gether, in which case there would be
no means of obtaining possession of
the sums due the State not already
turned over. The Legislature might,
perhaps, abolish or repeal all laws for
the collection of debts; this, however,
would not have the effect of paying or
discharging the debts, or in the least
Impair the obligation to pay them.
Property rights and obligations would
remain as before. These, by funda
mental law, are placed beyond the
reach of legislative interference.
In substance, if not in form, to turn
over the fund in question belonging to
the State to the appellants would be
to make a gift or donation of the same,
and the law regards substance rather
than form.
We are therefore of the opinion that
BRAVES OF THE
IROQUOIS IN A
SULLEN MOOD
Resent Such Flings as
"Old Squaw."
WANT WESLEY REED'S SCALP
THE TOMAHAWK IS NO MATCH
FOR McNAB'S TONGUE.
The Republican Dark Horse for
Mayor May Be Trotted Out at
This Morning's
Session.
The Iroquois braves are in a sullen
mood. They have a grievance against
Gavin McNab, holding that he is respon
sible for the many lllngs against them.
It is indeed humiliating to an Iroquois
warrior to be called an "old squaw." The
braves assert that McNab, the big medi
cine man of the rival tribe, whose lodge
is pitched in the Mills building, is bent
on provoking a spirit of hostility in the
Democratic convention toward members
of the Iroquois Club.
The Iroquois braves are for peace and
patronage, although they do not admit
that the organization to which they be~
long is a peace club, or a spoils hunting
aggregation of warriors. The braves in
many a hard-fought battle have carried
the Democratic banner to victory. Suc
cess has ftot always attended their forays.
The Iroquois of old Knew defeat on the
banks of the St. Lawrence, but they kept
on fighting until the tribes were deci
maU'd and scattered. The modern Demo
cratic Iroquois have suffered political re
verses in their pursuit of patronage and
plunder, but the disasters have not damp
ened their ardor.
The present trouble on the Iroquois
mind— the grief that weighs heavily on the
Iroquois heart— springs from the aspira
tion of Wesley Reed to be the nominee of
the Democratic convention for District
Attorney. To the council of the Iroquois
Reed is neither a stranger nor a welcome
visitor. In the lodge of Gavin McNab
there is a ready pipe of friendship for
Reed. McNab is so earnest and enthusi
astic in his aamiration for Reed that he
resents the slights of the Iroquois. His
attitude seems to say: "If you are hos
tile to Reed you are hostile to me,"
Among the Iroquois are many friends of
the chieftain in the Mills building, and
they do not desire that their aversion to
Reed shall be construed as a menace to
McNab. They refer to the record to show
that Reed was opposed a year ago by
such Iroquois braves and champions of
to give retroactive effect to the act of
1897 would conflict with the provisions
of the constitution prohibiting the
Legislature from making any gift or
donation of any public money or thing
of value.
The amendatory act of 1890 (Stats.
1899, p. 101), passed after the rehearing
was granted herein, has no application
in this case. By Its terms it applies
only to such property as has passed
since the first amendatory act.
We quite agree with appellants'
counsel that " an heir or legatee must
take his estate on such conditions as
at the time the State may have im
posed," and that subsequent legisla
tion could not affect such vested right.
And this rule, as already held ap
plies equally to the State, whose right
to the fund in question accrued under
the act of 1593.
Order affirmed.
VAX DYKE, J.
We concur:
TEMPLE, J.
HENSHAW, J.,
GAROUTTE J
BEATTY, C. J. '
I dissent, for the reasons stated In
my opinion reported in 54 Pac. Rep.
259. HARRISON, J.
This Week's Wasp.
This -week's Wasp is an especially
brilliant number. The cartoon upon the
Dreyfus verdict, illustrating the nausea
which it has caused in Europe and
America, is particularly striking and
appropriate. Senator Mulrooney's let
ter concerning the political situation in
Sar. Francisco would upset the gravity
of a Sphinx. The half-tone portraits of
the First South Dakota officers and the
Illustrations of the scenes attendant
upon the return of the Minnesota and
Dakota volunteers excel in beauty and
artistic finish anything of the kind pub
lished In San Francisco. Cynical, sati
rical and humorous tales, storiettes
and poems; biting and analytical mu
sical and dramatic criticisms, and ex
haustive comment upon the doings of
the business world, complete an issue
that certainly sustains the reputation
of the Wasp as being the leading
weekly of the Pacific Coast.
Hales.
In- H * B
a woman of culture, taste
and refinement, just from new fall suits
Npvv York" <;nid VP<;tPr-! ladies' pattern suits, made from
new iorK, bdiu yebier imported black and brown broad .
Hay* ' cloths* silk-lined throughout; new
3 ' \ habit back, with flare effect; fly
"I am surprised at your display of j front jackets, either inlaid velvet or
millinery*. 1 wou d not expect to white satin collars; applique, em-
find such styles outsiJe N-w York. ' broidered and braided trimmings
Your prices equally surprise me ;| ■■ mcd V v - brown "and" gray home-
you must be working tor reputa- spun sults double-breasted, tight-
tion ! fitting jackets; silk-lined; coat
_ i sleeves; skirt with scalloped tunic
SO We are I effect; well made and lined. sl6.so
working for the rfputa'ion of Hale's n p •_ _i__j._ r. A f lirc
good pooJs; our millinery is a neW jackets and lUrS
reputation-builder. elegant new fall styles in ladies'
. , , I and misses' kersey and covert cloth
WaiStS and Wrappers jackets, in tan, brown, black and
they are summer goods that must Ze fail* ' Vurs-scfrf a ' ?°clll£Ziu£.
get out of the way of fall good goods, stoles and capes _ ln a 'complete as :
but must be sold sortment of styles and prices—
for a $l O 00 e slS r and Sfcu^ Xt «* scarfs from $2.00 to $25.00 each
the lot out quickly to 50c each fur collarettes from $5.00 to $50.00 each
18 dozen percale waists, that sold tur ca P cs tr «"i »00 to $60.00 each
for $1.75, $2.00, $2.50 and $3.00. cut to , , .
close the lot out quickly to gOOCt IlOSiery
75c each mA , ,
"if,' "dozen heavy percale wrappers, h] ; O r O lr d ,°??" «; hlldren ' 8 seamless fast
finely trimmed; wide, full skirts: '™ ott f on h .ose : narrow ribbed and
fitted linings; were sold for $2.50; j JJJ c^ c = d t c ' u '^. kn^s. heels and
cut to close the lot out quickly^ value Bl.eß 6 to 9MsJ an e tional
«t.4S each , , at V"; lOc Pair
" 12 'dozen' fine percale wrappers, fullL^J*^" harTtw^ stocking,
winth skirts fitted linings; were txua nea > y nara tw isted maco yarn,
K d ,fi£« $ -: Jg* -d toes^es j£
i !_„« hisses' fine ribbed hose, of medium
gloves galore % weight; deep, glossy, 'blltk ffi
2060 pairs of dollar and a half n h p r J; ad ; U " s n e '? m f less; eXtra d ouble
gloves on the center counter to-day Jlfif' B °^ and toe s }™ s 6 A to 9.
and until sold; good assortment of ,'*,£* )a t ::- V;;;:^^!. I * dozen
fii?p<3 and colors- they are lines we . laclie - s extra heavy black cotton
SS"JS unt " gone aSKt?S S^t;
jou have >our choice ior .^ .^. pair spliced soles, toes and heels; built to
••lot'i-30'0pairs'2"ci a spEskay kid S'f 0 : 0 *Zl it^xLirT*' Vi^i
gloves; 4 rows heavy silk stitched * ltUU ' box of six airs »1.00
backs; quirked fingers; pique seams. + ... «.— xi-,i^«
lot 2—360 pairs 2-clasp pique lamb- LOlie I arilClcS ,
skin walking gloves, with spear and ™ car^ a '"« «"e of Hudnufs
Dri ,, n n j nt oml-irniriprpri hfll-k «?izf"? c carr y a lUII line Or nUflnUt S
Paris point r? an brown gn twentleth century perfumes and
black and whu'e. ""' toiiet Preparations, sweet odors and
b w 1400 nairs 4 button Hte delightful extracts.
Tnnvin 7 P nuLe French kid gloves Lambert's listerine ....05c a bottle
one of the bi t%to?«sn?h d market',! English violet toilet soap, 3 cake, in
riSTiS 5^ ti^^odt i chan^s-skin^VsV quaHty;^!^
red, brown white, pearl hair ° brush.' ' solid -ebony' back afl
szes 5%, 5%. 6. <k. r% and ?%, in wnlte brlstlea 60c
black.
cresco corsets
a corset designed for stout people;
separated at the waist line in a new;
way, that absolutely prevents break-
ing; elastic lacing over the hips;
long- short and medium lengths.
18 to 30 inches.. Sl.OO each
31 to 36' inches.. sl.iSs each
McNat) as Max Popper, T. J. Walsh and
E. P. E. Troy. Many other personal
friends of McNab are also opposing Heed.
The Call is not for Reed or against him.
and only mentions the controversy be
cause the Iroquois are threatening to
tomahawk McNab If, he does not stop
calling them "old squaws" and "pie hunt
ers" as punishment for their opposition
to Mr. Reed's ambition. As a neutral
observer of the right The Call is surely
not transcending the privileges of a non
combatant by observing the weapons
used This observation leads to the judg
ment that the McNab tongue is a more
effective weapon in a close tight luan
the Iroquois tomahawk. The Scotch edge
I of the McNab weapon inflicts a laceration
j that only time and political pie can heal.
There is trouble in the inner circle of
the Citizens 1 Republican League over the
announcement in yesterday's Call that
the Saturday forenoon conference of the
executive committee and party leaders
would take place at headquarters in the
Grand Hotel. The Call stated that the
conference would take place at 9 a. m.,
to suit the convenience of Henry T. Scott
and others, but did not assert that Henry
I T Scott's office had been designated as
! the meeting" place. According to authentic
and verilied intelligence received yester
day the members of the executive com
mittee will assemble this morning at 9
o'clock at Henry T. Scott's office. The
office of the Union Iron Works happens
to be there, but the "works" are not in
politics and will have nothing to do with
the executive conference.
Delegates to the Republican Convention
surmise that the long concealed dark
horse" candidate, for Mayor *11 be
trotted out for parade and review at the
early conference this morning.
WAR DECLARED.
Democrats Resolved to Knife
All Aspirants lor Local Offices
Who Opposed Bryan.
National party. lines are to be drawn
in the contest for municipal power La*t
night the Democrats took the initiative
through the formidable party organiza
tion known as the Iroquois Club SIS
hundred braves assembled at tne wit,
warn in Pvthlan- Castle and resolved with
a wlrwhoop to fight to the death every
aspirant to? office who did not support
Hr\"i.n for President in lb'Jb.
The proclamation declaring war on the
Gold Democrats created prolonged and
earnest discussion. The resolution was ,
prepared by a committee consisting of ,
MaFor Lewis, Max Popper, J. H. Dignan
and Fred A. Baldwin. It was Introduced
by Major Miles and adopted without
amendment. Here is the declaration:
Whpreas— supporters of the Chicago plat
fora? Md of the Democratic Presidential ticket
of 1596 in many instances made sacrifice of
cront for principle, and those who abandoned
the party at that time and opposed Its Presi
dential ticket sacrificed principle for profit.
Therefore, be It the nomination by the Demo-
Resolved— That the nomination by the Demo
cratic municipal convention of San Francisco
of any one who did not remain loyal to the
party and its Presidential ticket at that crucial
period of history will tend to the destruction
of party organization and endanger the future
success of the party, locally and generally.
The Iroquois braves have a following of
seventy members in the Democratic local
convention. It is believed that the braves
will stand by the declaration of the coun
cil and tomahawk every office-seeker that
deserted the Democratic party in, 1896.
The cry was raised last night that Bryan
would have been elected President had
it not been for the treachery of Gold
Democrats.
After the council of war last night the
aggressive Iro<iuois asserted that Gavin
McNab's friend. Wesley Reed, would be
their first victim. Word went out that L.
F. Bylngton had openly proclaimed him
self as a candidate for District Attorney.
It was predicted that Gavin McNab would
be compelled to loosen the reins on the
Democratic convention.
Mayor Phelan's friends are alarmed at
the attitude of the Iroquois. The Mayor
hoped to keep the national issues out of
the local light and thereby lure a few
thousand Republicans into the Democrat
ic camp. The Democrats having decided
to open the national campaign in the local
election, the Republicans will accept the
challenge.
The Adventures
Of the Sultan of Sulu and his harem are
laughably told in to-day's News Letter;
the desperate experiences of Mr. Arnold
in subterranean Manila are recounted; the
story of a "Woman's Way" and what
came of it; doings nf prominent men about
town and jokes on them; editorials on the
new charter, the unexpended surplus, so
ciety gossip, poetry, book reviews, etc.
Ten cents ot all newsdealers. ♦
TRUEWORTHY CONVICTED.
Must Pay the Penalty for Murdering
John Landsman.
George P. Trueworthy, who, on June 11
last, stabbed and killed John Landsman
during a quarrel at Lacuna and Union
streets, was convicted of murder in th»>
second degree by a jury in Judge Cook's
court yesterday afternoon. When the ver
dict was rendered the convict's mother
broke down and a sad scene was enacted
in court. The prisoner remained stoic*!
Hales.
935, 937, 939, 941, 943, 945, 947
Market Street.
throug-hout. but it was some time before
the broken-hearted mother could be com
forted and taken to her home. Truewor
thy will be sentenced a week from to
day.
JAP STATUE'S last days at Art Saloon.
Going East, then to Paris. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
cNCQftfORATeo W^Sr ■■ «Sb 7 ■HP
Our Saturday's Specials!
BEST Bf£,™ BUTTER 45c
Last Saturday sale on this
Creamery Butter made us many
friends. Regular 55c square.
MILD CAL, CHEESE 15c
REGULAR 20c POUND.
SWEET SUGAR CORN, 3 cans.. 25c
New arrival— the best New York
State corn. Regular 15c can.
PETALUMA RANCH EGG5.... 25c
Every Egg guaranteed. Regular 30c doz.
EASTERN Sugar-cured HAMS.. I3ic
The very best. Regular 15c lb.
FRENCH BALL BLUING, 4 boxes 25c
Genuine imported. Regular 10c
SINGAPORE PINEAPPLE 20c
New arrival; 3>^-!b can.
Regular 25c, In heavy syrup.
NEW CEREAL COFFEE, 4 pkgs 25c'
Introduction sale; 1-lb pkg. Regular 10c.
Country orders filled at short notice and
shipped free of charge 100 mllea. Send for Sep-
tember catalogue.
1348-1354 Market Street.
Opp. 7th. 'Phone S. 292. No Branch Stores.
I Don't Purchase a
i Ready-Made Suit
Which is made and finished by ma-
chinery with hundreds
of others the same
style and pattern. jgr> :
: Have some individ- d@3j7' 2
• uality about your at- g|fj :
i tire. Vp.\
• Our ALL-WOOL *&£&** J<*«?^ '
: BUSINESS SUITS for Wf^i7/r^ I
i / «.5O fWI I !
: are equal to any $25 r4if Ifi S
: are equal to ' any *2a V- \ I I |
■ suit made by other <^. I I mI 3
j All wool Pants, $4.50 »I 4 J |
jJ _ , The Tailor, * /*■
{ 201-208 Montgomery I H :
; St.. San Francisco. I ■ ,lii :
1: 1110-1112 Market I \i,,|w' ;
! St., San Francisco. Lull iW 3
: 1011 Washington St., ■ , 14 18 f i
: Oakland. • ■ -!^/*' MI %( •
• 143 South Spring St.. ;
: :• ■ ■ Los Angeles. •
■
Everybody Wants
Good Tea
Try
Great American Importina; Tea Co.
Big Presents Free,
STORES EVERYWHERE.
100 STOKES.