VOLUME LXXWI-XO, T.
TO SAVE KILLARNEY FROM
VANDALS.
The Old Weir Bridge, Killarney, Where the Waters Meet.
.-'■■■■■• . . : I
NEW YORK, Junv C. -President
Jarr.es J. Coogan of the borough
of Manhattan was highly en
thusiastlc when asked about the
plan to purchase XHlarhey and
make it a national park.
"It would be a rand undertaking
by the Irish-Americans of this city,"
he said, "and I can see no reason why
the scheme should not prove a great
success. It would mean thousands of
dollars yearly to dwellers' and inn
keepers in the neighborhood of Killar
ney and would lend an added charm for
visitors from this country.
"I will subscribe $1000 or $5' % 00 if nec
essary to insure the success of such an
undertaking, find I know of several
other New Yorkers who will gladly do
likewise. It would be a splendid idea
to ask the Herald to be custodian
erf subscribed funds and publish the
amounts received weekly. This would
incite the younger people to action, and,
in my opinion, the results would be far
beyond what might he expected.
"I believe that $lf.o.ono_ could bo raised j
in Greater New York fur such a worthy j
purpose in less than a week's time. We '
must preserve the beauties of Killarney i
for present and future generations."
Sheriff Thomas Dunn said: "A capi
tal idea. By all means let the Irish-
Americans of Greater New York get
log^ther and preserve the historic in
terests of beautiful Killarney. I will
do all in my power to aid the movement |
to make the place a national park to
be presented to the. people of Ireland
and maintained by purchasers of the |
historic spot. There should be no hesi
tancy on the part of any Irish-Ameri
can citizen of this city to help such a
grand movement, for many of our
younger folk will want to visit this ro
mantic country in years to come, and
the only way to make such visits pos
sible is to preserve the lakes and their
surroundings in their original condition.
Let every true lover of his ■ other
country put his shoulder to- the wheel
and make Killarney Park, Ireland, a
lasting monument of his remembrance.
I am heartily in favor of such a plan,
and I am ready to contribute whatever
A MURDER MYSTERY
OF THE MOUNTAINS
OF MARIN COUNTY
Peter Lorraine, Woodchopper,
Disappears and His Partner Is
Arrested for Killing Him.
Ejv^clal Dispatch to The can
PAX RAFAEL. Jun» B.— The record
of Carson Canyon for miirrtcr myster
ies, already as dnrk as the shadows
lurking in its gloomy depths. has been
jT)rr<-a=r-'l bj the addition or what is
hollpv-pd to be another terrible crime.
Peter Lorraine, a woodohopper. is
missing under circumstances pointing
to foul play. ;md the finder of sus
pirion points bo unmistakably at a
companion named James T>i<-r. that h»'
vfls arrested to-day, brought to this
rity and r.lH>.d j n confinement by Sher
iff Taylor.
Lorraine was a Frenchman, apod |
about 60 years, who had been employed i
by John Enoa for the past twelve
months. Bnos lives In Carson Canyon,
which is situated near Lakf> Lnerunitas,
ten miles from Pan Rafa<l. Down it
sweeps the i^aßunitas; Creek, which]
unites with (ho San Geronimo noar th<
mouth of th<- canyon to form Paper
Mill Creek. Dier has been in Bnos'
f-mploy for about two y> .us, and is
about 45 years old. Both woodchoppers
lived in the same cabin, their rooms
being separated by a partition. Ever
sin^r- Lorraine. coritmonly called
"French Pete," wenl to work in c';. i -
F^nn Canyon he and Dier have lx»en on
bad terms and quarreled frequently.
Their i ompanions lived In
dread of eeeing human blood spilled on
account of the fact that the nai
if both men were savage and Intract
able, and their records while in Enos'
pmploy have been far frdm Bavory.
*)r. May 1 Lorraine disappeared. He
was last seen about noon <>f that day,
and nobody, so far as known,, has
The San Francisco Call.
No place else can charm the eye
With such bright and varied tints;
Ev'ry rock that you pass by.
Verdure braiders or besprints;
Virgin there the green grass grows,
Ev'ry morn springs natal day,
Bright hued berries daft the snows.
Smiling winter's frown away.
Angels, often pausing there,
Doubt if Eden were more fair;
Beauty's home, Killarney.
Ever fair Killarney.
amount is considered to be my share to
insure its success, whether it is $1000
or more."
President Maurice F. llolahan of the
Board of Public Improvements was
also enthusiastic over the idea of mak
ing a national Irish park of the lakes
of Killarney and the surrounding hills
and dales.
John F. Carroll had this to say on the
subject: "You may count me in on that
scheme from the beginning. I consider
it a very broad-minded idea and one
which can only result in good to all
Irishmen and Irish- Americans. "We
should take steps at once to acquire
the property and waters and to pre
serve them as they now are — one of the
wonders of the world. I will willingly
subscribe any fair amount to insure
the perpetuation of Killarney."
John D. Crimmins thought a Killar
ney national park a feasible scheme
when I called on him last night. He
thought there was a wide field here yet,
however, for the betterment of Irish
men, but he said he thought the plan
would result in bringing the needs of
the Emerald Isle closer to the hearts of
other nations.
"Killarney Park would be a splendid
monument of loving remembrance from
Irish-Americans here to those at
home," Mr. Crimmins said.
Justice "Wauhope Lynn, Councilman
John T. Oakley, Councilman John Mur
phy and Aldermen McEnern.ey, Har
rington and Mclnnis were equally en
heard of him slwe. His clothes and a
small sum of money were left in his
room, and nothing showed that he had
;my Intention of taking "French leave."
When he did not appear the next day
Enoa Inquired of Dier where Lorraine
and with a great sh.>w of agita
tion the latter answered:
"Oh, he'll be back all right in due
time."
As the days passed on ;m<] no sign of
Lorraine appeared the men began to
talk and make ugly remarks over Dier
and Lorraine having quarreled ;i day
or two before his disappearance. Things
finally reached such a pitch that Enoa
notified Sheriff Taylor last Sunday.
After an investigation that officlai be
came satisfied thai Dier wa,s guilty of
murdering the missing man and ar
rested him to-day. Dier declared the
arrest unwarranted and made a great
ado when the manacles were slipped on
his wrists, but grew quieter when they
reached jail. He is an evil-looking fel
low, with a heavy mustache, bushy side
whiskers and ratty eyes, deep-sunken
in their sockets. His reticence in re
gard to his previous whereabouts con
vinces the authorities that he must
have a reason for keening his record
unknown. All thnt could be learned
from him was that previous to g<-ing"
to work for Enos two years ago .he
employed by a man named Miles
or .Myers in the Suisun Valley.
Parson Canyon is generally known as
the "liL-uk T i i > t < • cf M.irin." and when
Dier w;is arrested many said they
th<-t:pht it about lime Cor the reour
■ of another mystery In that local
ity. In 1888 a cook named John John
HAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 7, 1899.
thusiastic over the proposition to pur
chase Killarney by popular subscrip
tion.
A correspondent of the Dublin Free
man writing to that journal says:
in a few weeks !)!>• Muckross estate,
which includes the greater p;irt "f the
land and water making up the beautiful
of Killarney. will be offered for
s;ili'. 1 havi the strongest reason for be
lieving that a syndicate hits boon formed
for the purpose of buying the Muckross
c and working the lakes ;it a profit.
The syndicate believes thai by -cutting
down the One woods on Ton* Mountain a
large immediate return would be obtained.
Valuable wood also exists In othor parts
of th<- demesne.
It Is proposed to utilize the water power
of Tore waterfall by converting it by a
turbine into electrical energy and convey
ing the same to Muckross House, which
is to be used as a factory for extracting
the valuable chemical compound, carbide
■ lum, from the limestone with which
the estate and the country around
abounds. There Is a large sale of the
calcium caTbide for the manufacture of
acetylene pi^. It is believed that further
cal • m rgy caa be obtained from
the How of the waters from the upper
lake.
Kfforts will be made to acquire Innis
fallen Island tor the purpose of laying It
out as a t»-a garden (probably with negro
minstrels, merry-go-rounds and other
amusements, such as prevail in similar
plaoes on the English coasts. l>inls Isl
and will be similarly treated.
Steam launches will be placed on the
lower lake and will make the rounds of
the lake every half hour.
It is believed that a large additional
revenue can be obtained by the company
from a substantial increase in the tolls.
It is proposed to charge two shillings for
passing from tne gap to the lakes, one
shillinp for admission to the Tore water
fall, two shillings for admission to Muck
ross abbey -thus doubling the present
charges- and two shillings for every boat
passing up under Hrickeen bridge, the re
turn journey to be fr»v-.
As the whole of Muckross I^ake will
pass to the syndicate, one idea which is
at present under consideration in to fit
out a flotilla of boats and allow no others
to pass through the lake. It is also pro
posed to tit out a small electric tramway
to make the rounds of the Muckross
demesne, to which no ordinary cars will
be admitted. A funicular railway will be
erected to the summit of Tore and fre
quent firework displays will "be given at
Muckross abbey.
son disappeared from the woodchop
pers' ramp and was never heard of
again: in l^ii the same was true of
William Shields, and in lKf>2 Antony
Lujar was sent to Kan Quentin Prison
for stabbing Marfus I'isa to death.
Tt was in a hollow tree in this canyon
that recently Henry Hazen Abbott,
whose life has been recounted at length
in The Call, almost buried himself from
the sight of man for thirty years, after
fleeing from Contra Costa County to
save his life.
The chief credit for the evidence dis
covered leading to Dier's arrest belongs
to Bertha Stedman. the young daughter
of the overseer of the Shafter estate,
who learned of a quarrel over money
matters occurring between the prisoner
and the missing man a day before he
disappeared. She also learned that Lor
raine was Jast seen on a lonely path
leading from the store kept by Enos to
the woodchoppers' cabin. He was on
his way home when last seen. Dier has
failed to account for his whereabouts
at this time.
Late to-night Dier sent for Sheriff
Taylor and while sticking to his story
that he is innocent of any crime him
self endeavored to accuse John ESnofl
by innuendo. He told the Sheriff that
Enos appeared last Sunday with the
key used by Lorraine and entered the
latter's cabin.
"How did Enos get this key if he
knows nothing of Lorraine's where
abouts? " queried Dier. Several years
ago Enos and Frank Bernard, another
woodchopper, were brought before the
Grand Jury in connection with the dis
appearance of the cook, Johnson, but
nothing incriminating could be elicited.
Lorraine's knife, which was manu
factured out of a file with the an
nounced determination of killing a man
known as "P"rench Charley." has been
found near the cabin. Developments
are coming so fast that Sheriff Taylor
has set a man to watch the cabin with
Instructions to permit nothing to be
touched. District Attorney Mclaaac
secured the services of a San Fran
cisco detective to-night, and in com
pany with the Sheriff the two will visit
tiie cabin tc-mbrrow. The authorities
fully believe they are on the track of
What will prove to be a premeditated
assassination, which may afford a key
to the other dark mysteries of the can
yon. The excitement to-night is in
tense over the possibility of others be
ing implicated in this and Hie preced
ing -rimes. while lynch talk is already
bring indulged in to an alarming ex
ti nt.
OREGON BOYS
TO BE SENT
HOME FIRST
California Regiment Will
Follow Closely, and Prob
ably on the Hancock.
THE START DELAYED
Indications Multiply That All the
Volunteer Regiments W 11
Soon Be Relieve!
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MANILA. June 7. — The Sec
ond Oregon Volunteer
Regiment has returned to
the barracks in Manila and is pre
paring to return to the United
States. The order to sail in a tew
days will shortly be issued.
The First California Regiment
will be relieved by a regiment of
regulars at an early date- and will
follow the Oregonians.
It is intended to send the First
Colorado and the First Nebraska
Regiments next!
WASHINGTON, June 6.—
Assistant Secretary of War Meik
lejohn says the California trodps
will not come home with the
Oregon volunteers. Mr. Meikie
john has no official advice that
the Oregon troops will sail on
the Conemaugh. The only ad
vice he lias is from General Otis,
asking the department whether
the ( )regon boys shall be shipped
to San Francisco or Portland.
The department instructed that
DREYFUS REFUSES TO WEAR
UNIFORM OF FRENCH OFFICER
HEARS WITH
JOY OF HIS
VINDICATION
The Exile Will Soon Be
on His Way to
France.
Special Cable to The Call and the New Tort
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Hennett.
CAYENNE, French Guiana, via
Hayii, June 6. — Dreyfus refuses,
as yet, to wear the military uni
form which he was permitted to
do by the French Government, the
verdict of the Court of Cassation
having restored him to the same
status he held prior to the court
martial of 1894.
The dispatch boat Goeland,
which left here yesterday for Devil
Island having on board the super
intendent of the penitentiary and
the commander of the forces in
French Guiana, who were dele
gated by the French Government
to officially notify Dreyfus of his
new trial, has returned after ful
filling its mission.
Dreyfus, who was awaiting the
arrival of the dispatch boat on the
beach of the island, displayed the
greatest joy on receiving official
confirmation of the news, which
had already been cabled to him by
his wife.
EIGHT TO BE TRIED
FOR THE AUTEUIL RIOTS
PARIS, June 6.— Of the forty-three
civilians detained in custody after Sun
day's event at Auteuil only eight are to
be prosecuted, namely: Baron Fernand
de Christiani, Comte de Fromessent,
Comte de Dion, Baron de Baulmy, M.
Langlois de Neuville, Comte de Au
bigny d'Asy, Baron de Myronet, Saint
MATAAFA AND FOLLOWERS
DISARMED.
American and British Sailors Behind Entrenchments at Mulinuu.
they be sent direct to Portland.
The California troops will
probably be sent home on the
I lancock.
REFUGES ARE TURNED
BACK FROM MANILA
MANILA. Juno 7.— Thousands of
refugees who are attempting to come
to M;:nil;i are being turned back by the
authorities, who are fearful of the city
becoming over populated, causing pes
tilence and famine. There are frequent
sights <>n the country roads of women
and children staggering along under
load? of household effect* The refu?
M. CHARLES BLANC, Prefect of Police,
Paris.
Marc and M. Louis Barric
The three officers. Lieutenant Gue
lard. Lieutenant Piollene and lieuten
ant Colonel de Kergariou, will appear
before a court-martial on a charge of
uttering seditious cries.
In the Senate to-day the President,
M. Falleries, at the opening of the ses
sion, declared that in the presence of
the scandals at Auteuil -on Sunday
nothing can shake the confidence felt
in the republic, and he assured Presi
dent Loubet that the warmest sym
pathy of the Senate would never fail
htm. A double round of applause fol
lowed these statements.
Senator Guyot, in the name of the
four Republican groups in the Senate,
moved that "'the Senate associates it
self In the remarks of President Faller
ies and stigmatizes as scandalous the
acts of the enemies of the republic."
Senator Lecour de Graridmaison, Con
servative, spr>ke of the brutalities of
the police, protested against the arrests
and said the action of President Loubet
was a fatal error. A tumult followed.
The Senator refused to withdraw his
words and left the tribune, whereupon
gees are hungry, but not starving. The
American officials are issuing rice to
them f"r th/'ir present needs.
Many of the refugees t-'ll of h^inc
forced to give up their supplies tv the
Insurgent army. They are afraid to re
turn to the enemy's linos on account "f
possible attacks.
The insurgent government is to issue
an order for .-ill military forces to dis
card their uniforms and wear ordinary
white in order t<> deceive our army.
Communistic societies have born
formed in northern Luzon for an equal
division of property.
Lieutenant Fred Pierce, Sixth Artil
. : lery, committed suicide this morning.
Hi' came from ll oil o a week ago on
Continued on Second - Page.
the Senate parsed a vote of censure
upon him.
After some Temarks from Premier
Dupuy similar to the statements he
made in the Chamber of Deputies yes
terday Senator Guyot's motion was car
ried by a vote of 258 to 20. The result
of the vote was greeted with shouts of
"Vive la republique!"
LOUBET DEMANDED
HERVE'S PUNISHMENT
PARIS. June 6.— M. Clemenceau, in
the Aurore, asserts that after the tes
timony of General Herve, in the prose
cution of M. Paul Deroulede before the
Court of Assizes on the charge <>f in
citing the troops, M. Louhet summoned
the Premier and said: "I expect to be
defended. Punish Herve or make him
apologize. Otherwise I will send a
message to the Chamber of Deputies."
La Petite Republique gives details of
the royalist plot of Sunday, and as
serts that the Duke of Orleans has been
in Paris since Saturday. The paper
says he is at the residence of Count de
Harcourt, and only goes out at night
disguised. It asks why the Govern
ment has not yet acted.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
THOUSANDS
OF RIFLES
GIVEN UP
Joint Commission May Com
pensate Natives Who
Surrender Weapons.
BY W. E WILLIAMSON.
Special Cable to The Call and the New TorS
Heralrl. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
WASHINGTON, June 6.— The
Secretary of State has received
the following cablegram from
Bartlett Tripp, the United States
representative on the Samoan
Commission:
'APIA. Samoa, May SI (via
Auckland. N. Z.. June <x—Ma
taafa disarmed. Over 1500 rebels
surrendered. TRIPP."
APIA, Samoa, June i (via
Auckland. New Zealand,
June 6 .) — Mataafa and thir
teen chiefs and their followers, in
fifty-two boats, met on ihe
United States transport Badger
on May 20. They promised to
submit to the decision of the joint
commission.
The British gunboat Pheasant
and the Badger went to Malic 10
--day to disarm the Mataafans,
who have 2000 rifles. The com
mission will probably compen
sate the natives for their arms.
Malietoa Tanu will then dis
arm his followers, and they will
withdraw to their ships.
The new civil government has
commenced operations. It has
been simplified, and strong, eco
nomical measures have been
adopted. Xew elections for the
Municipal Council will be held.
E. B. S. Maxse. the British
Consul, will depart on a furlough
on June 17. lie will go to San
Francisco and London. Ilerr
Rose, the German Consul, will
also leave soon. The three Con
suls and Chief Justice Chambers
will probably be recalled.
The question of indemnity is
being considered. It is estimated
at $200,000. The kingship is
still undecided. It may be decid
ed to abolish the office and ap
point both Mataafa and Taitu as
chiefs of districts.
COMMISSION HEARS
THE CLAIMS OF NATIVES
APIA, Samoa. May 31 (via Auckland,
X. Z., June 6). — Malietoa and Tamasese
have visited the members of the Sa
moan Commission on board the United
States transport Badger, and Mataafa
visited them the following day. Neither
of them was recognized as King.
Mataafa blamed the Europeans for
the trouble here. The Commissioners
informed him that they had power to2
HENDERSON IS
ASSURED BEING
CHOSEN SPEAKER
Indorsed by the Republican Con
gressmen of New York at
a Conference.
NEW YORK, Juno 6.— A conference i
of Republican Congressmen of New
York State to decide upon a candidate
for the Speakership of the Houa
Representatives was held at the Fifth
Av< nue Hotel to-day, and resulted in
a d( cision to support David 1.. Hen
derson of Ii cw a.
The confi rence >\'-nt into session be
hind closed doors. \ Representative
Sherman did not into the confer- |
ence. He said it was his Intention to
obey t he decision of the eoi
whatever it mit-'ht be. Congressmen
Ray and Wadsworth left before the
ÜBion of the conference, and
they did s<> because X- pres ;ntative
Llttauer had offered a resolution in-
Lng Mr. Sherman. They said they
dered this an insult to Mr. Payne,
whom they favored .is a candidate.
:. after this those in the confer
notifled Mr. Sherman that the;.
had decided to vote for him. Mr. Sher
man then went into the conference and
said that Mr. Henderson ol Lowa, hav
ing . ■'. si: :h strength as
would make him practically the only.
candidate, ho would BUggest that the
gatlon go over to that C ingress
man. An informal discussion followed
and it was decided to support Mr. Hen
son.
Representative Sherman was request
ed to telegraph Mr. Henderson, notify- !
ing him of this action. The conference I
then adjourned.
The conference was attended by six
of the Kepublican Congressmen of this
State and six of the other were com
municated with by telephone or other
wise, so that twelve of the New York
delegation of fifteen had decided for
Henderson. Mr. Payne, before leaving;
Llaska, declared himself in favor
of the 10-wan, and it seems certain '.hat
Henderson will have fifteen votes from !
N< W Y"rk.
The Washington correspondent of the !
Herald telegraphs: Representative
Henderson's selection as Speaker of
the House of !. tives s'-'-ming
assured the Republican Repre
sentatives are now discussing with in
• the political distribution of chair
manships and appointments on the
House committees which he will make.
Mr. Henderson has refrained from say
ing anything as to his policy in or
ganising the House, but two of his lead- i
establish a government with or with
out a Kinir Mataafa thought the Sa
moans should hay-- a Kine. but ex
pressed wi to disarm his fol
lowers &i the matter in the
hands of th> j commission.
%"he Germans acted for the first time
in many months with the representa
tives of the other powers and have offi
cially sent ;i guard ashore.
The naval authorities and the mis
sion societies have submitted their
views to the commission, and the lat
ter, by proclamation, fixed May 27 as
the date for the natives to surrender
their arms. Mataafa, however, asked
for an extension of the time until to
day, when he surrendered 1800 guns on
board the Badger. The Maiietoans are
now disarmed.
The United States cruiser Philadel
phia, flying the flag of Admiral Kautz,
Bailed May 21, and the British and Ger
man Consuls (Maxse and Heir Rose)
proceeded to Eur.>p.- May -l. The
Queen's birthday was celebrated with
great rejoicing, about 3000 mi'n of the
Malietoa party attending the festivi
ties at Mulinuu in the presence of the
British Consul and naval officers. The
procession visited the graves of the
British and Americans and tlv-n
marched to the graves of the Germans
who were slain in the battle of Fagalt
in 1879. The Americans tired a salute
over the German graves.
The natives are gaining confidence
and are freely submitting their -griev
ances to the commission.
The natives brought here from other
islands at the time of the disturban.-.-s
will be returned to their homes and all
the warships will probably leave Samoa
at an early date.
The Chief Justice, William L. Cham
bers, will continue the sittings of the
Supreme Court. Dr. Wilhelm Solf, the
newly arrive,] German President of the
Municipal Council here, has not yet as
sumed his duties.
The commissioners are reticent, but it
is understood they are considering a re
duction of the cost Of administration.
as established by the Berlin treaty, and
that the number of officials may be re
duced.
The residents of Apia express dis
satisfaction at the indications given by
the commission that the rebels will not
he punished, and that they will also bft
paid for arms illegally imported. They
consider this a bad precedent, but it is
admitted this is too early to criticize
the action of the commissioners.
The American engineering staff has
arrived here and will proceed to erect
a naval jetty and coal stores at Pago-
Pago.
Judge Mullan, the former American
Consul, has arrived here to conduct the
compensation claims and defend Ma
taafa. Bu.t the commission has imi
mnit'd that no notice will be taken of
the claims beyond recording them, and
it is possible the commission win ask
each power to compensate it» own citi
zens or subjects as the case may be.
GREAT BRITAIN WILL
NOT SUPPORT MATAAFA
AUCKLAND, N. Z., June 6.— At the
Queen's birthday celebration in Samoa
it was officially announced that Great
Britain would absolutely veto any
proposition that Mataafa should ever
lipcome King.
MANSFIELD STRIKES HIS
VALET ON THE JAW
MILWAUKEE, Wis., June 6.— James
Beebe. Richard Mansfield's valet, called
at the Central Police Station early this
morning, and wanted a warrant for the
arrest of Mr. MansflfW for alleged assault
and battery, claiming that while the at tor
was dressing as Cyrano de Bergerac for
lant evening's performance, the nose,
which Is a vital feature of the makeup
could not be found, whereupon Mr. Mans
field struck him on the .taw, injuring his
upper lip. Th<> police Informed Beebe he
could get a warrant only from the office
of the Clerk of the Municipal Court, and
he would have to wait several hours for
that. No warrant was applied for to-day.
It Is understood the matter was smoothed
over, apologies exchanged, and Beebe will
continue to be Mansfield's dresser.
P< iRTLAND, Me.. June 7.— The
Argus this morning says that
Speaker Heed's resignation has
been sent to Governor Powers,
and is to be presented at the
next meeting of the Governor
and Council.
ing supporters, Burton of Ohio and
Babcock of Wisconsin, have declared
That it will be his policy to preserve
the House organization as it stood in
the las; Congress as far as possible.
There will, of course, be some changes.
Men who have earned the right to pro
motion to more important committee
assignments will receive them and the
individual wishes of Representatives
will be consulted as far as possible, but
as .i rule, ac< ording to Burton and Sab
cock, there will be few changes in im
portant places. Of the Republicans
who were chairmen of committees in
the last House thirteen fail of re-elec
tion, leaving vacancies at the heads of
that many eo-minitteee.
In addition to these, the chairman
ship of the Judiciary Committee will
be vacated by the promotion of Mr.
Henderson, while Mr. Payne of New-
York was chairman of both the Ways
and Means and Merchant Marines and
Fisheries committees after Mr. Ding
ii y's death. It is probable there will
be only one Elections Committee In the
next House, so that Mr. Henderson
will be able, to promote thirteen men
to chairmanships without displacing
any one who was chairman of a com
mittee in the last Congress. There are
four vacancies on the Committee of
Appropriations and two on the Com
mittee of Ways and Means, which are
considered equal or superior to unim
portant chairmanships. There is a va
cancy on the Committee on Rules, thus
giving Mr. Henderson twenty places of
rtance to dispose of. Some of the
Republican Representatives think it
very probable that Mr. Reed will con
tinue to represent th" First Maine dis
trict in the House. In that event there
car. be no question of the position he
would occupy. He would take the
chairmanship of the Committee on
Ways and Means and would be a mem
ber of the Committee on Rules and the
Republican leader on the floor.
INTERNATIONAL
RALLY OF WOMEN
American Delegates Will
Go to London.
Ppocia! Dispatch to The <""a!l.
NEW YORK. June 6.— The departure
of -Mrs. May Wright Sowall of Indiana
<>n the Bremen Thursday marks the exo
dus of American women to London for
the quinquennial meeting of the Interna
tionai'Councll of Women, which will open
Monday, June 2*5, and continue until
Wednesday, July 5, inclusive. At present
vice president and prospective president
of the International council, Mrs. Sewall,
naturally leads tht- hundred American
women who will attrnd and in most cases
participate in this convention of worid
w ide import.
Mrs. Sewall speaks enthusiastically of
the brilliant delegation this country will
have at the quinquennial. Every outgoing
.•■r has had, or will have, a party or
bo.ird, and among th>' number are BUCb
well-known women leaders as Miss Susan
B. Anthony of Rochester, president of the
National Suffrage Association; Mrs. Fan-
Humphrey Gaffney of New York,
president of the National Council of
Women; Mrs. Rebecca Lowe of Atlanta,
president general of the Federation of
Women's Clubs; Mrs. Cynthia Westover
Alden of New York Of the National
Woman's Press Association; Dr. Sarah
Ha< kett Stephenson and Miss Sadie
American, of Chicago; the Rev. Anna
Howard Shaw and Miss Agnes Repplier,
of Philadelphia; Mrs. Clara B. Colby of
Washington; Mrs. Susan Young Gates
and Mrs. Emelin.' B. Wells, of Salt Lake
City; Mrs. Charlotte Perkins Stetson of
Hartford; Miss Octavia William Bateß of
Detroit; Mrs. Annie Jenness Miller of
New York.
■'These one hundred American dele-
Baid Mrs. Sewall, "represent the
1,250,0u0 women in our national council of
women. There are nine other countries
in the international council with a similar
membership, so you have some idea of
j the immense proportions of this organlza
; tion.
"The two principal meetings in this ten
i days' programme— sometimes with three
simultaneous sessions— will be one on 'In
' ternational Arbitration' and one devoted
to vurfrage.' The prospect is that the in
| ternational council will take some decided
I stand on the peace question."
BYRNE-DRENNAN NUPTIALS.
SANTA CRUZ, June 6.— Walter C. Byrne
and Miss Mabel Drennan were married
this morning at the home of the bride's
mother, Mrs. Louisa Drennan.
The interior of the home presented a
beautiful appearance. Th*> back parlor,
where the ceremony was solemnized, was
t decorated with festoons of smilax, wood
wardia ferns and the pure white wax lily,
1 which was the only flower used. Lie main
j.:i tii >r was decorated with sweet peas.
' The young couple stood iti the bay-win
ilmw and the beautiful Episcopal service
was road by Hey. James B. Orr of the
First Congregational Church.
Tin bride was gowned in a silk dress of
blue— the same one used by her mother
at her wedding. Miss Drennan was at
tended by her sister, Miss Dora Drennan,
and Mr. Byrne by Thomtis G. McCreary.
j A wedding breakfast followed the cere
mony. The tables had b»:en placed in the
lawn under the trees, and in this natural
! garden spot with the addition of immense
Clusters of azaleas the breakfas. was en
i Joyed.
Mrs. Byrne is a native of Santa Cruz
j and a graduate of the local high echool
j and the State Normal School. For a num.
I ber of years she has taught in the Santa
( ruz schools.
Mr. Byrne is a member of the firm of
Byrne Bros.
♦
Marysville's Race Meet.
MARYSVILLE. June 6.— Friday of this
week will be Marysville day at the Jockey
Club's spring rare meeting, which will
begin on Thursday at noon. All the Dull
ness houses will close in the afternoon
An orchestra has been engaged for the
ladies' stand, and all other arrangements
perfected for a first class meeting. To
accommodate the horses that are here
from without the district special racea
have been arranged.
First Carload of Grain.
STOCKTON, June 6.— As usual, the
Farmers' Union received the first car of
new grain to reach Stockton. It arrived
to-day for storage until its owner, a
farmer at Plxley, in Tulare County, wants
to dispose of it. Shipments have reached
Stockton as early as May IS. but the ship
ment of to-day Is earlier than the aver
age. Heavy shipments will begin coming
in about two weeks.
THE SAN FB AN CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 7, 1899.
SAN ROQUE
PLACERS NOT
A KLONDIKE
Discouraging Letter From
Two Santa Barbara
Prospectors.
"A FAKE" THEY SAY
Write That the Reported Discov
eries of Gbld Have Been
Greatly Exaggerated.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA BARBARA, June
6. — A letter received from
Clarence Libbey and Joseph
Price, who left here three
weeks ago for Lower Califor
nia, says the stories of the
new gold fields at San Rogue
are fakes. It costs $350 to lo
cate and it is impossible to
work a claim three months.
They found the reported dis
coveries exaggerated and have
left the country.
LOS ANGELES, June 6.— A party
of Los Angeles gold hunters is
to start for the new placer dig
gings in the Sierra Pintadas,
Lower California, and expects
to reach the gold field within the
next six days. The party was organ
ized by Captain Don Orril, an experi
enced placer miner, who has been in
the Klondike, and by James Irving &
Co., assayers of this city. With Cap
tain Orril Will go E. L. Bntler, R. E.
Dean, S. Collier, D. B. Low, T. L.
Stringham, Mert Evans, \V. T. Elliott,
A Comer, N. R. Miller, W. H. Kern,
E. L. Hall, Ben Barney, Whiteside and
Hoffman.
The party will sail from San Pedro
on the schooner Rambler, Captain
Crosby commanding. First it will go
to Knsenada to clear and next to San
Rogue, the landing nearest th»* dig
gings, which are twenty-one miles from
the coast. The gold hunters will be
fully equipped with dry washers and
all necessary tools and supplies pur
chased here. They will tak^ two burros
and a mule to do their packing over the
desert. Irving & Co. sent a man to the
diggings a week ago and they are daily
expecting information from him. In
stead of waiting for advices from their
own representative the refining firm be
lieves the current reports of the re
glon's richness and has assisted in
equipping this party.
Antonio J. Florres. who is an attache
of the office of the Mexican Consul in
Los Angeles, has just returned from
Ensenada, where, he says, he saw and
heard the official reports of the consu
lar department there. To-day he re
ported the facts to his chief, General
Ouillermo Andrade, the Mexican Con
sul. When seen to-day General An
drade said:
"There is not the slightest doubt
about the present richness »>f the Sierra
Pintada placers. How long it will last
I cannot tell. No one can tell. It may
be for long, it may b* for a little while
only. There is gold there in plenty. It
only remains to be tak<-n out. There
are other regions of the peninsula that
are just as rich. The problem of water
has kept back development, but that
Is to be remedied. There is plenty of
g 1 water within six miles of the
placers." ___^__^^^__
OREGON BOYS
TO BE SENT
HOME FIRST
Continued From First Page.
leave, but lingered here beyond the
limit and failed to reply to repeated
telegrams from his commander. Yes
terday he was put under arrest on his
commander's order. This morning an
other officer called to see him, when he
suddenly pulled a revolver from under
his pillow and shot- himself through the
heart. His friends say his mind was
affected by a recent sunstroke.
A Spanish paper asserts that Colonel
Argulllea. one of the two members of
the original Filipino military commis
sion, who were placed under arrest at
Tarlac last month, after returning tn
Luna's camp from their conference
with the United States Commissioners,
has been court-martialed and sentenced
to twelve years' Imprisonment for
"friendship displayed toward the Amer
icans."
ADMIRAL DEWEY IS
NOW HOMEWARD BOUND
HONGKONG, June 6.— The United
States cruiser Olympia, with Admiral
Dewey on board, left here at 4 o'clock
this afternoon. There was no demon
stration. It was blowing and raining
hard at the time of the warship's de
parture.
Consul Wildman remained on the
Olympia until the last minute, with a
few friends of the admiral, who
on board to bid him farewell. At 4
o'clock sharp, the ensign was hoisted
at the main. The Olympia moved off
with the marine guard drawn up on
her poop.
While passing the cruiser Powerful,
the band of the Olympia played the
British national anthem and gave a
bugle salute. There was no firing. The
Powerful replied with a similar salute
and her band played "Hail Columbia."
As the Olympia passed the Italian ad
miral's ship the Olympia's band played
the Italian national anthem and gave
an admiral's salute, which compliments
were returned.
Then the Olympia's band played
"Auld Lang Syne," and the band of
the Powerful played "Home, Sweet
Home." Admiral Dewey Is apparently
anxious to avoid all demonstrations.
Mourning in Glen Ellen.
SONOMA. June 6.— Mrs. C. Justle died
at her home near Glen Ellen yesterday.
She was a native ot Bavaria and .was
70 years of age.
BRIGANDISM IS
ON THE INCREASE
THROUGHOUT CUBA
Most of the Desperadoes Are
Negroes Who Come From
Eastern Provinces.
HAVANA, June 6.— Brigandism Is on
the increase in the country and a reign
of terror prevails in towns where no
United States soldiers are quartered. The
so-called bandits are mostly negroes who
came from the east with the Cuban army
of invasion. They have taken full posses
sion of towns outside of the railroads and
are living there during the day and rob
bing at night.
Mariel is a town of 2000 inhabitants. At
the close of the war twenty negroes took
a school building for their quarters. Eight
of them raided a grocery next door Fri
day night. They fired at the proprietor
and took his safe containing $5000 into the
street and tried fur two hours to shoot tt
open with rifles. Finally they carried it
away on a truck. Other soldiers left tho
town on Saturday and probably joined
the bandits in the mountains. Four cat
tle were stolen on the outskirts last night.
Citizens have appointed eight resident
Cuban soldiers as police, but they have
little faith in the soldiers' ability to pre
serve order. No work is being dune on
plantations, and those who started work
have had their cattle stolen. Since the
robbery on Friday Spaniards have se
creted their valuables and barricaded
their doors day ami night.
Mayor Quaintana came to Havana to
night and asked Governor General Brooke
for protection. The Spanish Consul ca
bled the Spanish Minister in Washington
to-day advising taking action against the
1 nited States, holding the Americans re
sponsible for the death of Jose Lobregat
at San Antonio on Sunday. Lohregat was
killed by a mob of Cubans infuriated over
the fact that he was formerly a Spanish
guerrilla. His funeral occurred this af
ternoon. Feeling in the town is very bit
ter against former Spanish soldiers. A
Cuban soldier told me this afternoon that
when the republic was formed It was the
intention to kill all the guerrillas. Gen
eral Krooke sent to San Antonio a com
pany of the First Infantry- ytuuerday and
a company "f the Seventh Cavalry this
morning. General Rivera says there is no
fear of further trouble, but the Span
lards want a larger force and also gairi
sona in all towns.
Genera) Maximo Gomez, the former
commander-in-chiaf of the Cuban army.
issued his farewell manifesto to-day, in
substance it says:
The miulon I have been Intrusted with is
nearly concluded. I have attempted to find a
?. lutlon of questions concerning the army
which I commanded during the bloodiest war
SECOND BUTTLE
WITH OUTLAWS
Sheriff Joe Hazen Is
Killed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., June 6.— A sec
ond battle with the dynamiters of the
I'nion Pacific express train has been
fought in the mountains, forty miles
north of Casper, by th.; Sheriff's posse
which has U't-n in pursuit since Sun
day morning, and as a result one man
and probably more lie dead. The first
battle was fought Sunday on Teapot
Creek, thirty miles north of Casper.
No one was wounded during this en
gagement, but several horses were
killed.
The second battle was fought last
evening at a point ten miles farther
north and in a wilder country. The
robbers, being closely pressed, made a
determined stand behind some rocks in
a deep ravine, and when the posse put
In an appearance, opened fire at close
range.
Sheriff Joe Hazen of Douglas, Wyo.,
fell at the first fire, being shot through
the stomach. The officer was removed
to a safe place and afterward brought
to Casper by two cowboys, arriving
at the latter place this noon.
General Manager Dickinson of the
Union Pacific, who has been at Casper
since Monday, directing the work of
hunting down the robbers, tendered the
use of his private train, and Hazen
was taken to his home at Douglas. A
telegram from there this evening states
that the officer died shortly after reach
ing his home.
The posse resumed the fight as soon
as Hazen had been removed, and was
successful in a short time in driving
the robbers from their strongho-ld and
away from their horses, which were se
cured. The robbers retreated to a nat
ural fort among the rocks, some two
miles away, where they intrenched
themselves and prepared for a bitter
fight. The posse quietly divided up.and
surrounded the place, and when a
courier left the scene the officers were
lying on their arms with the robbers
completely surrounded and hemmed in.
An urgent request was sent in for re
inforcements and a supply of food and
ammunition.
In response United States Marshal
Hadsell of Wyoming, who had Just
reached Casper from the western part
of the State, where he had been hunt-
Ing for the other three train robbers,
started out with another posse and
with arms, food, ammunition and
horses in plenty.
The capture of the three robbers who
are hemmed In In the mountains forty
five miles north of Casper is now
thought certain, but whether they will
ever reach the railroad Is another
question, as there is intense excitement
in Casper and In Douglas, and talk of
lynching the robbers, if caught, Is plen
tiful.
COST OF THE CAMPAIGN
IN THE PHILIPPINES
WASHINGTON, June 6.— The War De
partment has received the following ad
ditional casualty list from General Otis:
KILLED.
Twelfth Infantry— June 3, Company G,
Private David Golrischmidt; June 4, Pri
vate Converse P. Warner. Company G
Second Oregon— June 4, Private William
McElwain. Fourth Cavalry— Company
C, Sergeant Seth Lovell. Company I, Ser
geant Benjamin Craig.
WOUNDED.
Second Oregon— May 25, Major Surgeon
M. H. Ellis, leg, slight; June 3, Company
B, Privates Henry M. Wagner, iliac re
gion, severe; Company H, Austin J. Salis
bury, axillary region, severe- June 4, Com
pany C, Private Elmer L. Doolittle, arm
moderate; Company X, Private William
K. Smith, arm, severe. Fourth Cavalry-
June 3, Company G, Private Earl B. Miles
head, severe; Fourth, Company C, Pri
vate Patrick Branlgnn, leg, severe; Com
pany G, Private Nelson E. Dailey, chest,
severe, Company I, Private Maurice Cof
field, chest, moderate: First Colorado-
June 3, Company A, Private Charles
Hickman, foot, moderate. First Montana
—Company C, Private Theodore Schulte,
back, slight. Fourth Infantry— June 4,
Private James McCarthy, thigh, slight.
known In Cuba. I am now leaving, regrrt- I
fully, to attend to necessary private business. !
A parting word to the people (or whom I have
sacrificed thirty years of my life and to my
friends in the army just disbanded, which ac
tion should have been taken Instantly after the
removal nf the bloody weight of Spain's mercl- j
le»R regime. We armed ourselves, and, ther>-- <
fore, we now no longer want soldiers', but m n
for the maintenance of peace and order, whlcb
are the basis of Cuba's future welfare.
It is necessary to understand that the naiMn ;
in this epoch, the most difficult In Its history.
should avail Itself of the opi>ortunity to show
that it possesses virtues in spite of the fleet
caused by colonial government and the harsh
ness of warlike life We wanted and depended
upon foreign Intervention to terminate the war.
This occurred at the most terrible moment c,f
our contest and resulted in Spain* defeat. But
none of us thought this extraordinary event
would be followed by a military occupation of
the country by our allies, who treat us as a
people incapable of acting for ourselves, and
who have reduced us to obedience, to submis
sion and to the tutelage imposed by forct of |
circumstance. This cannot be our ultimate fate I
after the years of struggle, and we should Aid
by every pacific method in finishing the work
of organizing, which the Americans accepted in
the protocol, and which is as disagreeable for
them as fcr ourselves. This aid wilt prove use- ■
less without concord among all the- it-landers. :
Therefore, it Is necessary to forget past dis
agreements, to completely unite all elements !
and to organize a political party which Is |
needed In any country.
It Is always said that countries have the gov- I
ernment which they merit .and Cuba will have '
that which her heroism entitled her to. To- I
day she can only have one party in Cuba, with '
one object, that of obtaining the aspiration of i
years.
We must devote ourselves to pacific labors,
gain the respect of the world, and show that .
though our war was honorable, our p-^aoe mvn j
be more so. We must make useless by our be- ■
havlur the presence of a strange power In the j
island and must assist the Americans to com- j
plete the honorable mission they have been '
compelled to assume by force of circumstances
This work was not sought by those rich ;
north.-rnf-rs. owners of a continent. I think :
■ioubts snd suspicions are unjust. We must |
form Immediately a committee or a club to be
ii nucleus of government. This will serve
Cut.a.
I, as one of the first Cubans, although one of
our last soldiers, and nut far from the grave, j
without passions or ambition, called on you
with the sincerity of a father and urged a
cessation of the superfluous discussions and the
creation of parties of all kinds which disturb
thf country and tend t" cause anarchy. In this
country there should not be one man whom we
consider a stranger. To-day we no longer have
autonomist* or conservatives, but only Cubans.
My mission having ended. I will absent my- |
self temporarily to embrace my family, but I J
will return shortly to Cuba, which I love as I
much as my own land. My last words for my
soldiers are that, as always, where my tent Is
the Cubans have a friend.
BREAKS THE HOT
WEATHER RECORD
Gotham Deniz ns Get a
Scorching.
Sr-e^ial Dispetcb to The Call.
NEW YORK, June 6.— The record for
the hottest day in New York since the
establishment of the Weather Bureau
was reached to-day. From early morn
ing, when the thermometer stood
around 78, until late in the afternoon
the mercury went steadily up. At 3
o'clock it reached the limit, 98. On only
two June days in the past twelve years
has the temperature reached anything
like it did to-day. In the year 1888 and
also in 18yS the maximum for June was
96. The record at the Weather Bureau
was 98 degrees and the atmosphere was
terribly oppressive.
The opening of the hot season with
the record-breaking temperature was
accompanied by an unusual number of
prostrations for this time of year. In
New York City and several of the near
by towns thirty-one prostrations were
recorded. Twenty-three of these oc
curred in New York City. Only two
cases were those of women, the re
mainder were mostly workingmen. In
Jersey City six prostrations were re
corded, one of these being a woman.
Long Island City reported two— a man
and a woman. Of this total number
dnly three deaths had been reported at
midnight.
CHICAGO, June 6.— One death due to
the heat was reported to-day and there
were many prostrations. The mercury
touched 91 and the excessive humidity
made the heat almost unbearable. The
casualties due to the heat are as fol
lows:
MICHAEL SOUKRASKA, laborer
prostrated Saturday, died In hospital
to-night.
BOLEN, dropped in the street
and died in St. Luke's Hospital.
There were three prostrations. All
are laborers.
PITTSBURG, Pa., June 6.-Two
deaths and many prostrations resulted
here to-day from the extreme heat.
Alfred Teushy, an ironmolder, and an
unknown Pole succumbed. The Gov
ernment thermometers registered 93 de
grees.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 6.— A number
of the city public schools were closed
at noon to-day on account of the op
pressive weather. The maximum tem
perature officially reported to-day was
96 degrees. There but few prostra
tions.
WASHINGTON, June 6.-The Weath
er Bureau reports abnormally high
temperature to-day all over the At
lantic and Gulf coasts and in the Mis
sissippi Valley. In Washington the
maximum temperature was 96. The
only cool spots on the weather map to
night were Helena, Mont., where it
was 50 degrees, and Eastport, Me
where it was 56.
TAKEN TO FEDERAL COURT.
BOISE, Idaho, June 6.— The attorneys
for William Boyle, Shoshone County
Commissioner, held for complicity in
dynamite outrages, did not press their
petition for a writ of error from the
Supreme Court. After consultation wltb
members of the court in chambers the
petition was dropped. Application' will
now be made to a Juslice of the Supreme
Court of the United States for a writ of
error.
It was intimated to the attorneys that
under the rule governing in such mat
ters it would be necessary for the State
ccurt to refuse to issue the writ
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday. June 6.
Stmr Ruth, Strand, 30 hours from Point Con
ception.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
REDONDO— Arrived June 6 — Stmr WestDort
from Eureka.
HUENEME- Arrived June 6— Stmr Grace
Dollar, from Ventura.
SEATTLE— Arrived June 6— Stmr Willamette
hence June 2.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
QTTEENSTOWN— Arrived June 6— Stmr Ma
jestic, from New York, for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded.
NEW YORK— Arrived June 6— Stmr Polar-
Btjernen, from Stettin and Copenhagen; Prince
Regant Luitpold, from Bremen.
RUSSIANS SLAY
ELEVEN JAPANESE
Alleged Spies Lined Up
and Shot.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C, June 6.—
According to news received from
Japan by the Empress of Japan, which
reached port this evening, something
occurred about three weeks ago which
may hasten the conflict between Japan
and Russia. The arrest and summary
execution without the faintest suspi
cion of a trial of eleven Japanese, al
leged to be spies, which is reported
from Toshong, a Russian garrison town
on the Liaotung Peninsula, has so
wrought up the Japanese Government
that, although not yet ready for a great
conflict, it may slip the dogs of war.
The eieven Japanese, who were
accused of having been spies, are said
by the Japanese press to have been a
party engaged in scientific research.
They were landing from a small sloop
a few miles from Toshong when cap
tured.
They had just pulled the sloop up on
the beach and were securing it when
a number of armed Russians appeared
from behind a clump of rocks and
Belied them. Surveying Instruments
and scientific apparatus and several
cameras, which ih.> Japanese had with
them,- were instantly confiscated. Some
cases with a lot of data and plans were
taken from the sloop.
The prisoners were chained together,
marched to Toshong and imprisoned in
the barracks. Their confinement was
of short duration, for the next morn
ing, soon after sunrise, they were
marched out to the parade ground and
lined up at the foot of a bluff about
twenty paces from a squad of Russians
with their Krag-Jorgensens loaded
ready for the slaughter.
The Japanese pleaded earnestly for
their lives, but the only answer vouch
safed their outcries was the rattle of
the firearms of the Russians and the
eleven Japanese lay dead— murdered,
for a trial had not even been spoken of.
The Japanese press is greatly excited
over the massacre and caJls upon the
Japanese Government to avenge the
dead scientists.
BATTLE FOUGHT BY
GERMANS AND CHINESE
jA,aid Upon a Temple Leads to a Con
flict in Which Many Mongo
lians Are Slain.
VICTORIA, B. C, June 6.— Advices
are brought from the Orient by the
steamer Empress of Japan that on May
is a sanguinary encounter took place
in the vicinity of Kiaochau between a
vast army of Chinese rioters and rebels,
said to have numbered between
and 25,u00, and German soldiers. Chi
nese telegrams to* the Jijl Shimpo of
Japan say that the conflict was the out
come of the action of the Germans in
ransacking some temples. A band of
Germans out on a foraging expedition
wandered into a temple, and, driving
out the priests and attendants, camped
there. They built a ftre on the brick
floor and disarranged the temple gen
erally. Some of the idols were broken
down, two being totally demolished.
L.ater in the day a number of Chinese
came tack to the temple, headed by
the priests. The Germans, deeming dis
crerun the better part of valor, fought
their way through the advancing Chi
nese ?nd fled. The Chinese pursued
them for some distance, but the Ger
mans, with the exception of two, man
aged to distance them. The two un
fortunates who were not as speedy as
their fellow Teutons were killed by the
excited Chinese.
The demolition of the idols caused
great excitement throughout the prov
ince. Proclamations were posted every
where calling upon the villagers to
arise and avenge the wrong done their
gods. Kiu, a rebel leader who has led
two big risings, then came forward and
planted his standard in the troubled !
district. Thousands rallied around him,
their avowed intention being to drive
the foreigners into the sea. When about
20,000 or more had gathered, the corre
spondent of the Shimpo says, a body of
German soldiers came from the Kiao
chau garrison to disperse them.
The Chinese moved several small old
brass cannon into position and opened
the conflict, but a charge from the Ger
mans soon silenced their ancient bat
tery. The charge also altered their in
tention to fight the Germans. They
broke and fled, the Germans pursuing.
About 200 Chinese and three Germans
were killed. Kiu and his lieutenants
have fled. It is said they are at the |
yamen of a magistrate of a village
about thirty miles south of Kiaochau,
who promises them protection. Further
risings are feared.
ST. LOUIS GETS BACK
INTO THIRD POSITION
Wins From the Phillies, While Chi
cago Is Again Beaten by the
Senators.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. Club*— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ....33 11 .750 Cincinnati ..20 21 .4SB
Boston 29 13 .690 New York. ..lS 24 .42S
St Louis 28 17 .605 Pittsburg ...17 23 .423
Chicago 26 18 .SSI Washington IS 29 .340
Philadelphia 24 18 .571 Louisville ...13 29 .310
BaJtimore ...24 19 .553 Cleveland ... g 31 .2-35
NEW YORK, June 6.— The Giants easily dis
posed of the Clevplands to-day. Carsey pitched
well until the fifth, when the home team be
gan to hit his curves, and it was then all over.
Attendance, 400. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cleveland 6 'J 5
New York 9 13 6
Batteries— Carney and Zlmmer; Doheny and
Grady. Umpires— O' Day and McGarr.
NEW YORK. June 6.— The Cinclnnatis threw
a scare into the Brooklyn? to-day, but the
home team won out in the end. MeJames had
good control until the ninth, when, with the I
bases full, Selbach brought in three runs by I
hitting for two bases. Kennedy then went into J
the box and no more runs were made. The !
Yielding of both sides was good. Attendance, I
2000. Score :
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati 4 10 1
Brooklyn 6 8 0
Batteries — Phillips and Pelta; MeJames, Ken
nedy and Farreil. Umpires— Emslie and Mc-
Donald.
PHILADELPHIA, June 6.— The Phillies tied
the score in the seventh inning, but they went
to pieces In the field in the eighth and made
four errors, giving St. Louis four runs. At
tendance, 2723. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
St. Louis 6 10 3
Philadelphia 3 8 4
Batteries— Young and O'Connor; Donohue and
McFarland. Umpires— Burns and Smith.
BOSTON. June 6— The Champions had little
difficulty In defeating Louisville to-day, Cun
ningham being hit freely. The home team, es
pecially Lowe, fielded superbly. Attendance,
1500. Score :
Clubs— R. H. c.
Boston 9 13 . i
Louisville 4 11 2
Batteries— Killen and Clarke; Cunningham
and Kittredge. Umplres-Gaffney and Andrews.
WASHINGTON, June 6.— The Chicago team
could not hit Dineen to-day, and while Griffith
was not hit often the Senators were fortunate
In connecting with the ball at the right time
Chance was struck In the n^ck by a foul bail
and was replaced by Nichols. Attendance, 1000.
Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Washington 3 6..-.1
Chicago 1 •* 7
Batteries— Dineen and , McOuire; Griffith, a
Chance and Nichols. Umpires— Lynch and Con-.*
nolly. J
BALTIMORE. June C— Four singles and a
two-backer gave Baltimore four run? and the
opening game of. the Pittsburg series. Nops
was in fine fettle and at times was given good
support. Pittsburg played without the sem
blance of an error. Attendance, &41. Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Baltimore 1 6 14 2
Pittsburg 3-80
Batteries— Nops and Robinson; TannehiU and
Bchriver. Swartwood and Warner.
EXCITEMENT CAUSED DEATH
I Captain i^eiro's Assailant Did Not
Commit Suicide.
j SAN JOSE. June 6.— Paola Arata. the
[ man who shot Captain Zeiro yesterday af
j ternoon, died from collapse afu i
i shock of excitement, and did not commit
: «ui<-ii!r- by poison, as was supposed- Thfs
j is what City Physician Hahlutzel said
the Coroner's Inquest to-day, and v
lief was founded on an analysis
! Arata's stomach. It was thought thi
I had swallowed poison, but no tract
found in the stomach. He was in ti
stages of consumption. The lungs w
terribly diseased, and death is supp
I to have resulted from the excitement
i lowing the attempt at murder. The
I returned a verdict along these lines
The condition of Captain Zeiro is
s. rloua than was at lirst BUpposed.
hullit is in the temple, neaT the I
If fever can be kept down it is thougnt lit
■tfill recover.
REA'S WILL BE DONE
SAN JOSE, June s.— Politicians are al-
I ready scrambling to secure the office "'^"
i Supervisor in the Fifth District made vu- r
i cant by Supervisor Ayer's death last Sun
i day. The tilling of the place lies in ap
i pointment by Governor Gage. So far Ed
j Topham of Milpitas, Ex-Sheriff James
I Lyndon of lx>s Gatos and M. J. Parkin
son of Palo Alto, are tne must prominently
mentioned for the place. There is a strong
'■ movement among the people of the dis
! triot to have Gage appoint Henry M.
, Aver, a son of deceased. L. A. Sage.
. chairman of the Republican County Com
i mittee. would accent the office.
"Boss' 1 Rea's choice will undoubtedly
i prevail, with Gage. It will make no n.;i
--; terial change in the complexion of the
i Im -a Pi.
ADVERTISEMENT^.
44 Like Diamonds
Raindrops Glisten."
Drops of Hood's Sarsapa-
rilla are precious jewels for
the blood which glisten \in
their use, and, like the rain,
disappear for the good of
humanity. Each dose when
taken is in a very short time
thoroughly mixed with the
blood and actively getting in
its work of purification.
Run Down — " £My husband 'was
run doHvn in health and all tired out.
■ Those excellent medicines, Hood's Pills and
Sarsaparilla, built him up again." Mrs.
'■ H. L. Memory, ToTvanda, Pa.
Headaches and Vomiting —
j had headaches and 'vomiting spells and
'was 'very lo c w. I 'would not be Irving to-
day but Hood's Sarsaparilla brought health
back jLnd ' I am, no<u> ■'wetL'' {.>. SXfrs.
Alonzo Noyes, Chelsea, Vt.
N. B. Be sure to get Hood's because
Hood's Pills cure liver Ills; the non-Irritating and
only cathartic to take with Hood's Sarsaparilla*.
JlllllllllllllllllllimilllllllllllUllllllllllMlllllllllllMC
iBEECHAM'Si
| PILLS 1
s , Cure I
I CONSTIPATION I
I STOMACH PAINS I
I BILIOUSNESS I
f SICK HEADACHE, Etc.!
= 10 cents and 25 Druggists. §
"iiiiiiiiiiHiiiiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiunisiiuiiiiiiiiinir
} visit DR. JORDAN'S great!
OF ANATOMY*
9 Ch 13"lHASSZ":ST.te:.6:!;i:'.-. :.":::. , i
■ C^^ The Largest Anatomical Museum in tbe
T jEfiain World. Weaknesses or any contracted T
jSg *Rfi\ disease pu*lli»«-l» rum! riy the oldest '
#IE "3 1 Specialist on the Coatr. Hit. 36 years #
itfflf I CR - DAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 6
ytfjHhm Consultation free and stri-tljr privatr ~C
I X*W^H Trf.itrr.cnt personally nr l>v Inter. .» ff
fl fir M U Potitive Curt in every case undertaken. T
rlf \\b> Wr "*e *» Boot l'llll OM.I'IIVof A
•II j 1 ! H4HRIACE, MAILED FREE. (Af
X ii IX valuable book formrn) \
f »R JORDAN A CO., 1051 .Market St.,S. F. V
@|Sl^ VITALIS
THE NEW
mr lothDiy. «.s- -4^ iC rnt nun
VITALIS 20th!!s 7-K>'/B Dcycnv
rROUU is Tire ABOTK 30th Day. nEIHCUYia
RESI LTB. It quickly 4 surely removes Nervousness. Impotencr
H.fthtly Emiuiom, En! Dre»ro ? Wasting p... ases and J] ; efw£
of «elf-«bn»e or exwss «nd inditcr«tion. R««u> re « Lot Vlt«"lif»
Powtr and F.ilins Memory. Wwdsofl Insanity and Cm!.?,
tion. Cure, when .11 other, fail. In.i.t on haiing TITAUs"
«ALI MET Crß£ CO.. 884 »earbo m "t.. Chlc«o
Sold by Owl Drug Co.. Baldwin Pharmacy.
W. J. Bryan (two stores), Crant Drug Co.. In
Oakland by Owl Drug Co. ...
Oi^^^ ELECTRIC BELTS.
<ffltf^Ti*i|^BiwPk from $3 50 to
BfcSaLjl^ \j ; _LJ&m factu In the Unl-
XMD^BSjgi^SSK^ ted states - No Quacks
>ssK^i2^a^SbVir connected with this
'')"<£l3i@&^yiß~ establishment. '
dl pc. ! IE? For particular*
-ypJ\_ — call or send 2c In
IV* stamps for "Booklet
\ .-\ No. 2." Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., 620 Market St.,
Opposite Palace Hotel. S. F.
NIPPUIXA KfSKTO VITALITY
jow LOST VIGOR.
/(l&kW&h "^^AND MANHOOD
KffigiJrL. J C" res Impotency Night Emissions and wastinK
f l^^- 1^ VIIM o! self-abuse, or and
"AND MANHOOD
Cure* Impotency Night Emissions and wajting
dueases, all effects of sclf-ab.ue. or exceu and
, 'KVj j . indUcreticn. A ncrre-1 and bfoodrbutlder.
t *^Brings the pink glow to rale cheeks and ri>
ffjrjf^SnjJ stores jke fire of youth. By mail 500 per
(JrxjWL boii 6 boxes for $2.50: with a wiittea
guarantee to cure or refund the money. .
Hemita Kledicai Co., Clinton « Jackson its., eMcagd.
K. L. Baldwin & Co.. Druggists. 8 Market, 8. F.
Baja California
D AMI AN A BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodlstne and specific tomo
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
■exes, and a great remedy for diseases of th»
kidneys and bladder. I A great Restorative.
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on Its owa
Merita; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER. ALFS A BRUNE. Agents.
223 Market street, & F.— (Send tor Circular. lBIG FIGHTERS IN FINE FORM
JEFFRIES
IS GAINING
SUPPORTERS
Big Californian in the Pink
of Condition for Friday
Night's Mill.
Special Dtypatch to The Call.
ASBFRY PARK, N. J.. June 6.—
Despite the extreme h<>at to-day, thr
mercury at times reaching i«0 degrees,
Jeffries worked hard and put himself
Into bettor condition, if that were pos
for his coming: fight with Fitz- J
V' mmons. This morning his trainers
:lod to dissuade him from doing his
usual amount of road work, but the bie
boilermaker had no fear of the broil
ing sun and set out for Elberson in |
company With Ross O'Nell, who repre- j
sents William A. Brady, O'Nell riding
his bicycle. Jeffries was content to J"£
along beside him. When Jeffries re
turned to his quarters perspiration was
running off him in rivulets. A
rub down and a bath made him feel
better and he ate a hearty dinner. This
afternoon the aspirant for champion-
Bhip honors reeled off several miles on i
his bicycle. For the n^-xt two days he
will do more or less sprinting In
that he may become as active as pos
sible and at the same time Improve his
wind, which seems already as sound as
a dollar. Jeffries believes he will re
main here until the day of the fight SO
th.M he may avoid any excitement
■which would be bound to follow his ar
rival in New York. At the training
quarters it \\:>s said to-day the tight
probably would be sharp and decisive.
"If Jim' can get in a knock-out
punch on 'Fitz' early in the contest."
said "Jack" Jeffries, "he is going t"
giv<= it."
Those who have visited Jeffri?s'
training quarters within the last few
days s.iy thej do not s. •■ how he .an
lose, for he has youth and strength in
his favor and is equally as scientific as
Fitzsimmons.
ADVENTISTS MOURN
DEATH OF HAMMOND
Adopt Resolutions Expressing Sorrow
at the Churchman's Untimely
Passing.
CKTON. .!■.;!;•■ •; At the session of
Vdventist ■ rence convened this
mnrniiic t: resolution was dis
cussed and
Whereas, Brother Oliver I. Hammond, in his
Iporteur and !;:!•:.• worker was ln-
Etrumi
,' c. in hrinpinK many souls
In the truth;
That we express '>ur Borrow at his
.th. which fanuary 14.
and :).■- sen - - .- lined by the
• : ■ii;,- sympathy to Me rela
ends who are called upon to mourn
■
■r-commendations affecting the i
management <~f the home and college at
- were adopted.
At 11 <• ' ink Kider .). N. Loughborough,
Idest active minister in the denomi
nation, continued a line of study on the
:' the Advent movement iii 1844, in
which more th.:: rgymen were en-
L in th-> car?.- of his remarks the
speaker introduced a lithographic chart
which was m us- fifty-seven years ago
and on which a large number of the gym
referred to in the t ks of Daniel
and the Revelations were portrayed.
At 2:30 o'clock Elder Schultze spoke on
.i>.iect of "Tithing." which is < •. '
stinguisblng characterisi
Advent faith. H» pn • in^s
cf the church in an able ma
Every morning at y i '< lot k, In the tent
occupied by the exponents of vegetable
diet, there Is a lectui ■ d by
practical demonstrations I audi
gard to the food value and the
preparation of various food produi ts The
Subject discussed this morning \v; : s with
regard to food preparations which are
designed to take the place of m<~at.
REPORTED DEATH OF
RIGO, THE GYPSY
The Musician Who Eloped With Prin-
cess de Chimay Said to Have
Died at Alexandria.
LONDON, June 7.— The Vienna corre
spondent of the Daily Graphic says that
Rigo, the gypsy musician who elcped wuh
Princess de Chimay. while returning with
the Princess to Austria died at A'
dria.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PAIN IN
THE BACK
One of the First Indications of
Kidney Disease.
HUNDREDS OF MEN. AND WOMEN HAVE
BEEN SAVED BY THAT GREATEST OF
ALL REMEDIES, "HUDYAN."
MANY PERSONS ARE VICTIMS TO KlD-
n»>y disease for months before they realize
it. Symptoms may be present that are merely
annoying at first— symptoms that do not create
great amount of suffering — and one Is apt to
pay but little attention to them until the dis-
ease Is far advanced. Right her* is where peo-
ple make a great, great error. Organic lesions
do not cure themselves, and when destructive
process has once pet In It progresses until seri-
out results take place.
If people would pay more attention to the
premonitory symptoms, and provide themselves
with treatment then, there would be but few
fatalities from organlo^kldnoy disease. There
Is a remedy that nevervalls in such disorders,
and that remedy li HUDYAN.
HUDYAN arrests the destructive process. it
prevents the kidney structure from breaking
down and wasting away cell by cell. HUD-
YAN promptly relieves pain in the back; It
corrects Inability to hold urine and the scald-
ing upon passing It. HUDYAN corrects any
irritation of the kidneys or bladder. HUDYAN
has cured many severe capes of Diabetes and
Bright' Disease; it will do so again. HUD-
YAN strengthens the kidneys if they are weak
If your kidneys are affected you surely want
the best remedy obtainable. HUDYAN is that
remedy, for HUDYAN has cured when all other
remedies have failed. HUDYAN has estab-
lished the confidence and praise of a -multi-
tude of people; for It has restored health to
a multitude of people.
HUDYAN Is for sale by druggists— soc a.
package or six packages for $2 SO.
If your druggist . does not keep HUDYAN,
send direct to the'
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
Cor. Stockton, Ellis and Market Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
YOU MAY CONSULT THE HUDYAN DOC-
TORS ABOUT YOUR CASE FREE OF
CHARGE. CALL OR .WRITE.
SPORTS
WHO FAVOR
JEFFRIES
Brady, McVey, Delaney and
Others Praise the Cali
iornians Prowess.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NE"W YORK, June 6.— William A.
Brady came to New York from Asbury
Park last night. When seen at his
to-day he said:
There is not the slightest doubt in the
I world that Jeffries will win. and in my
opinion he will defeat Fitzsimmons In
four rounds. Persons who do not know
have no idea of the force of the bjows
Jeffries can hit with, both fists. I have
: nothing to say derogatory to Fitzsimmons,
{ because he is ;t wonder; but 1 say Jef
i fries Is his superior in every way. "Jim"
an hit "Tommy" Ryan wherever and
whenever he wants to. "Billy" Delaney
went down to Asbury Park the other day
i" teach "Jim" some points, and "Jim"
made a monkey of him and then showed
him some points. If Jeffries ever hits
"Fitz' on the head he will break it open.
Fitzsimmons says he does not care any
thing about pictures and that he will tin
: ish the ti^ht in a few rounds. If Fitz-
I slmmons attempts to force the fighting
'"Jim" will knock him out In one round.
Jeffries has never been knocked down in
his life. He has never b< • n hit on the
head by anybody and has never borne a
mark there. He Is 6 feet l Inch In height.
11.- has the longest reach of any man In
the ring, and he Is every way the superior
of Fitzslmmons.
Then- is no question about the result
in my mind, but If Fitzsimmons by any
chance should win he will have proved
himself to be the m"st wonderful man
in th.- world.
Popular opinion is with "Fitz." That is
because Jeffries was badly managed (or
a while just after he came here two years
ago. He undertook to fight two men at
the Lenox Athletic Club In one night.
The second man was "Bob" Armstrong,
who Is the hardest man In the world to
put out. Jeffries split his right hand in
the tirst round, bui he fought ten more
rounds, injured as h< was, and heat Arm
strong then. But because he didn't knock
Armstrong out everybody said he was no
good.
Connie McVey, who trained Corbett
for all of his fights and who spent a few
days last week with Jeffries at Allen
hurst, N. J., where the latter is train
ing:, is a great admirer of the bo-iler
maker. To a reporter he said:
\\*hi!e I have never been in the hai
boasting about fighters' chances I can
not help stating that Jeffries will sum 1/
win and will he our next champion. I
never saw a man in such wonderful con
dition, so active and who has shown such
preat Improvement as Jeffries has. n.>
lihs youth, strength and vitality with hin
in this fight, and as Fitzsimmons has not
fought in two years 1 cannot sei 'i iw
Jeffries can
Hilly Delaney, who trains Jeffries, |
has issued a card, which follows:
To TVhom Fr Mny Concern: I notire in
thfs morning's papers that Fitzsin.tnons
i ; tims he will "go the pace" and put
Jeffries out in a round. Every man wh •>
ever fought Jeffries, with tile exception
of Peter Jackson. Instead of fighting him j
ran away from him. Bharkey mad*
same kind of a Least and when the bell
rang: he took to swinging tactics and con
tinued them until the finish of the fight
If there is any running away doni on
next Friday night Mr. Fitzsimmons will
be In the lead, with Jeffries a close sec
ond. I leave the public to Judge a.ft< r
seeing both statements which one is
right. Yours truly,
WILLIAM DELANKT.
ASBURY PARK, June 6.— •Tommy"
Ryan had this to say to-day:
I believe from the bottom of my heart ;
that Jim Jeffries will heat Fitzsim
mons, ami I base this calculation on my
kl owledge of Jeffries— of his skill and en
durano- thai I have witnessed every day
for the past six weeks. Never have '[
i man improve and catch the tine
points of his business as readily as .li-n
Jeffries. On the road and in the arena
h« Is equally effective, and does !.i> work
with conscientious regard to the require
ment? of the big contract before him.
I will say this much further, that if
Jim Jeffries cannot whip Fitz now. he can
•'■•■ 80, 1 auso ne will never again, j
to my thinking, reach the same state of
physical perfection which he has attained '
ince he began training for this fight.
My prediction is that the fi-ht will not
last mor* than ten rounds, and that Jef- !
fries will land a left-handed knock out
somewhere on Fitzsimmons' anatomy as j
a closing memento of the battle.
MATCH FOR HAWKINS.
The California Lightweight to Meet
"Jack" O'Brien in the Arena.
NEW YORK, Juno f,.— l >al Hawkins,
the California lightweight, and "Jack"
O'Brien will he matched In a few days to
meet in ;i twenty-ti vc round bout at the
Iway Athletic nuh tho early part of
next month. The match between these
clever lads would have been arranged last
wf-«k. but there was a "kick" over the
woipnt question. The chances are tin
hitch will be remedied shortly and the
match clinched. If these fighter? should
meet they win put up a great flghi as
both are of the aggressive sort If
matched they w jh n^ ht at n3 pounds,
weigh In at 6 o'clock on the day of the
bottle. The incentive will be 60 per cent
of the gross receipts
HANNA DECIDES
TO STEP ASIDE
NEW YORK, June 6.— The Washington correspondent of the Herald
telegraphs: If Senator Hanna Is chairman of the next National Repub
lican Campaign Committee it will be against his present intention and
desire. Mr. Hanna has already informed his close friends that he does
not care to take charge- of the Presidential campaign. His reason, as
his friends state It, is entirely based upon the state of his health. He
Is by no means a well man, and is to sail in a few days for Europe in
the hope of gaining his physical strength. He will go directly to the
baths at Aix Ips Bains for treatment to rid him of rheumatism, which
has taken a desperate hold upon him.
In addition to his bad health Mr. Hanna finds the time which he is
compelled to devote to political matters is making costly inroads upon
his private interests. He realizes that when he returns from Europe
the Ohio campaign will again demand his attention, and this will be
followed by the long session of Congress. If at the close of Congress
he continues to be chairman of the national campaign committee the
drain upon his vitality will be such as to neutralize all the good effects
of his trip abroad. Besides this he might as well close up his private
office.
In addition to these matters of health and private business Mr.
Hanna, as he told a friend recently, has had no opportunity to indulge
in any recreation. There is reason to believe, however, that there Is
more than ill health, business interests and a desire for relaxation at
the bottom of Mr. Hanna's wish to retire from the chairmanship of the
national committee. No one realizes more clearly than does Mr. Hanna
himself that he is looked upon as the special champion of trusts and
combinations, which will probably be made the leading issue in the next
campaign, and that he might bo a heavy load for the Republican or
ganization to carry. He desires Republican success and re-election for
McKinley more than any personal glory that he might get by manag
ing the campaign, and he will not hesitate to step aside.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALX, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 7, 1899.
SILER SAYS
'TWILL BE A
HOT FIGHT
Referee Believes Jeffries
Will Give a Good Ac
count of Himself.
Bpecial Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, June 6.— George Siler,
who will referee the fight.between Fitz
simmons and Jeffrie., arrived in this
city from Chicago to-day, accompanied
by Mrs. Siler. When asked if he in
tended to confer with the principals
about the rules governing the contest,
Fitzsimmons in His Favorite Fight
ing Attitude.
Copyrighted by Kleln-Guttenstein.
he said that the articles were very clear
and did not need any interpretation so
far as he was concerned.
"The articles of agreement," said Si
ler, "provide there shall be no hitting
in breakaways. I shall see that the
articles are observed by both fighters.
Neither man can expect any favors
from me. I will be there to see that
they fight according to rules, and each
man can rest assured that he will see
fair play. Personally I have no choice.
I think it will be a great fight— much
better than people imagine. If all re
ports circulated about Jeffries' condi
tion are true he should give 'Fitz' an
interesting argument. I think the
champion is a wonderful fighter. He
has beaten all kinds of men and nobody
has ever hurt him seriously. In Jef
fries he will meet a man who is much
younger than himself, considerably
heavier and very shifty with his hands
and feet. With both men in good con
dition a battle roya» should be wit
nessed."
Slier will visit Jeffries at his training
rjuart'-rs to-momm and have a talk
with the <'alifi -rnian about rules and
other features of the battle. He takes
the trip also for the purpose of viewing
the boiler-maker's work and judging of
his condition. On Thursday the ref
!•!■• ■■ wiil call at Fitzsimmons' quarters
and have a, (hat with the champion.
Speaking of the suggestion that he ref
eree the fight from r.-utside the ropes,
Slier Bald it did not suit him at all.
"I believe in the American way of
Judging a fight," said Siler. "The only
way to judge a contest properly and
thoroughly is for the referee to be In
side the ropes. He is then In a posi
tion to keep close to the principals and
judge every blow. If the referee stands
outside the ropes a palpable- foul might
be committed. The referee might not
see it and a great injustice might be
done to the man injured. With the ref
eree inside the rones such an occur
rence is impossible."
San Jose Wedding Bells.
SAX JOSE. June 6.— Martin Murphy,
son of Hon. B. D. Murphy, and Miss
Maude Phelps wore married to-day at St.
Joseph's '"hurch. Mr. Murphy is clerk of
justice Wallace's court. The bride Is the
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. John Phelps.
Mr and Mrs. Murphy will spend a short
honeymoon In San Francisco.
TROUBLE
AHEAD FOR
MANAGERS
Coney Island Athletic Club
Building May Be De
clared Unsafe.
Pp<^ial Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. June 6.— There may be
trouble ahead for the "managers of the
big fight at Coney Island. Building
Commissioner John Guilfoyle of Brook
lyn Borough and some of the employes
of his office will inspect the Coney
Island Athletic Club building to-mor
row and decide whether it is a safe
place for such a gathering as is likely
to assemble there on Friday evening.
Mr. Guilfoyle received information to
day that the place is not only unsuit
able for the accommodation of a large
crowd, but it is unsafe. It could not
be learned who gave him this informa
tion, but it was said that it came
through the mails to-day. Mr. Guil
foyle decided to act promptly in the
matter. He will to-mnrmw visit the
club with his superintendent, one of
the engineers, two special inspectors
and the regular inspector of the dis
trict. The inspection will be thorough
and the building will be examined from
foundation to roof.
One feature of the inspection will re
late to the proposed placing of seats in
Ready to Deliver the Solar Plexus
Blow, Called a Left-Hand Shift,
Which Put Corbett Out.
Copyrighted by Klein-Guttensteln.
the aisles. The building laws provide
that every seat except those in the
boxes must be nailed down. There is
another provision that the aisles must
be three feet wide at the nearest point
to the stage and must gradually widen
toward the exits. Some persons believe
that eight thousand persons cannot be
seated in the building without violat
ing these provisions of the law and Mr.
Guilfoyle and his assistants will try to
ascertain whether the aisles are to be
blocked with seats.
Mr. Guilfoyle will Issue orders that
all of the building laws be obeyed and
it is possible he may require changes
in the present arrangements. If the
building is found to be unsafe he will
order that it be strengthened immedi
ately. Failure to obey tho orders will
be followed by an application for an
Injunction from the Supreme Court re
straining the managers from conduct
ing the fight.
WARRENTON FORCES
DON DE ORO TO DRIVE
NEW YORK. June 6.— The chief event
at Gravesend to-day was the Brookdale
handicap at a mile and an eighth, in
which Don de Oro was a slight favorite.
At the lower turn Don de Oro took a
lead of a half length on Warrenton. In
the stretch it looked as if he would win
easily, but Warrenton came up under
punishment, and it took a hard drive
through the last furlong for Don de Oro
to win by a head. The results:
. Selling 1 , six furlongs — Sweet, Caporal won.
Concord second, Hapsburg third. Time, '1:14%..
One mile and a sixteenth— Approval won.
The Kentuckian second, Rhinelander third.
Time, 1:48. ■
Criterion stakes, four and a half furlongs —
Virginia Earle won. Primrose Day second
Oneck Queen third. Time. :85V4.
• Brookdale handicap, one mile and an eighth —
Don de Oro won. Warrenton second, Dangle
third. Time. 1:53.
Five furlongs — Plucky won. Red Path second,
Woocter Boy third. Time, 1:02.
Selling, one mile and - a sixteenth— Central
Trust won, : Peat second, Pacemaker third.
Time, 1:48.
CINCINNATI. June 6. — Elizabeth
Klein won the Cllpsetta stakes at Latonla
to-day in clever fashion. Jockeys Eddie
Ross and L. Rose were suspended Indefi
nitely by starter Chirm for bad "behavior
at the post in the fifth race. Weather
pleasant, track fast. Results
Seven furlongs— Corialis won, Lachlne second,
Belzara third. Time, -1:28%. •
Five furlong? — His Excellency won. Lieuten
ant Gibson second. Honest Run third. Time
1:01%. :
Handicap, mile and 70 yards— Carl C won.
Gold Fox second. Jolly Roger third. Time,
1:45%. ,
The Clipsetta stakes, for two-year-old fillies,
value $1080, live furlongs— Elizabeth Klein won,
Olekma second, Isabinda third. Time, 1:01%.
Mile— Btlly House won. Colonel Cluke second,
Richardson third. Time, 1:42%.
Seven furlongs, . selling— Loyalty won. Little
Land second, Teucer third. Time, 1:28%.
CHICAGO. June 6.— Results at Harlem:
Four .and a half furlongs, two-year-olds —
Onoto won,, Olive Order second, Huronia third.
i Time. :6M4.
Six — Sirdar won. Dally Racing Form
3econd, Uarda third. Time, 1:18%..
Six furlongs— Sim W. won, Tenby second,
Boney Boy third. Time, 1:16%.
One and a sixteenth miles — John Baker won.
Rifle second. Fervor third. Time, 1:4914.
• Four furlongs— Yellow Tail won, Cheeseetraw
second, ' John Grigsby . third. . Time, :4S v t .
DEVERY
MAY STOP
THE MILL
New York's Chief of Police
Says There Shall Be
No Slugging.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, June 6.— Chief of Police
Devery gave out the following state
ment relative to the action he will take
in case the Fitzsimmons-Jeffries fight
next Friday night resolves itself into
a brutal slugging match:
• From certain published staterm nts of
experts on prize ring and boxing matters,
and from various sources, it would ap
pear that the two would-be pugilistic
champions who are down for a sparring
contest at the Coney Island Athletic ( lub
on Friday night next, or their backers or
managers, intend to have under the guise
of the Horton law not a sparring con
test but a genuine, old-time slugging
match or prizefight. If no such slugging
match is intended, then the inference is
that these statements and impressions are
spread for the sole purpose of gulling and
imposing on the public.
Considering the parties to the contract,
their respective weights. 210 and 156
pounds, and other attending circum-
Btancea and conditions, it is almost a
physical impossibility f"r the two indi
viduals referred to to carry on a lawful
contest for points on the coming occa
sion. The very nature of things tends to
an out-and-out prizefight.
I shall be present at the contest and, as
Chief of Police. 1 shall personally see to
it that the letter and spirit of the law
relative to such contests are obeyed, and
that there will be no slugging or heavy
hitting; nothing but a clean-cut, lawful
sparring exhibition for points. Any per
son who permits himself to he gulled or
imposed upon by thinking otherwise will
tind himself very much mistaken. It will
1..- well for the public to understand that
the first heavy blow struck will mark the
end of the contest.
COLORED GIANTS FIGHT.
Armstrong Knocks Out "Ed" Martin
in the Second Round.
NEW YORK, June 6.— At the Ignore f
Athletic Club to-night the principal bout
was between two negro giants— "Bob""
Armstrong of Chicago and "Ed" Martin
( Denver. Martin had decidedly the bet
ter of the early part of the iirst round, as |
lie landed left and right swings, but Arm- j
Strong came fast in the latter part of iM
round and with -i hard left on the wind
and a right cross to the jaw practically
took all the ti^ht out of Martin. The end j
(.mie in the second round. Armstrong
bea.l his man all over the ring and finally |
knocked him out with a right on the
wind. Martin sprawled all alone one siii-»
of the ring while the referee counted him j
out.
Bellfield Walcott, brother of Joe Wal
cott, defeated Sp.m Holmes in the second
round of a bout at 135 pounds.
Kruger and Great Britain.
LONDON. June 7.— A special dispatch
from Bloemfontein says that the confer
ence between President Kruger and Sir
Alfred Milner proved abortive.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
We make the clothes
that we sell and because we make them we know
them and because we know them we guarantee
them.
We give you a privilege that protects you
thoroughly :
Money returned if you want it; or
Clothes kept in repair free for one year.
You can have faith in clothing when it bears such
a guarantee.
Here are two specials :
Herring-bone box 4^^^
overcoats, silk velvet col- ET^. <-^l
lars, satin sleeve linings; T***., ]
body lining — farmer's satin; \ •*" J
two inside pockets ; two J^T>--v
shades. These overcoats t! *r^~~7sr~*>^
have always before been f\n /$ ll lf\
sold here for $12. 50, but are f|W y j'j f\\
now reduced to I "I M ' J \
$in v /A! JM^ j
l\J each VpffiHy
rp ■MmMmiWMvWtiV'S'
Trousers - iHfiffn
The trousers we picture I ||j ||3 Mi ||
here are light striped wor- \ |||lf^ftjM I \
sted ; something new — just 1 Wl^pMli /
here from New York. They I W^Piii II
will be extensively worn this II M wlllls! \j
fall. We have them four fSL f=
months ahead of time for '{ Wjffif i
your benefit. You can be ' * Mill —
among the first wearers.
Trousers are all worsted, \A9mr
double and twisted weave ;
have side pockets; come in _^="
two shades; suitable, for
every-day wear or make (P Bfggf /\/\
good dress trousers. Price of <tP L^^ •yrvf A
tnem is " JfT^B
/#\S.N.WOOD6CO(gi)
v^P' 718 MARKET St. v^ /
Out-of-town orders filled — write us.
1 •■• '.-.,. . ' ■ : JafS
CHAMPION
CONTINUES
HARD WORK
Despite the Heat, Fitzsim
mons Does Not Let Up
in His Training.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, June 6.— Although the
contest between Fitzsimmons and Jef
fries is only a few days off, Fitzsim
mons is still working hard at his P.ath
Beach training quarters. It has been
the champion's custom when training
for a battle to let up considerably in
his work as the contest drew near,
but in the present instance he has dis
regarded precedent, and, although it
was pretty hot at Bath Beach to-day,
the champion cut down very slightly
the programme of work he had mapped
out for the day. "Fitz" said he needed
all the exercise he could take between
now and the time of the fight.
"Hard work," said the champion, "is
just what I need and I intend to keep
myself busy with all forms of athletic
exercise until to-morrow night."
On account of the extreme heat Fitz
simmons selectee] the tent for his exer
cise, instead of the barn. In the tent
Fitzsimmons enjoyed his usual amount
of sparring exercise, exchanging blows
with "Jack" Everhardt, "Yank" Sulli
van and "Dan" Hickey. He did not go
at his men as viciously as on former oc
casions, giving more attention to side
stepping, dodging and parrying blows
than to hitting exercise. This work
consumed about a half hour, and at its
conclusion Fitzsimmons tackled the
punching bag. He banged away at the
sphere in energetic style, and, although
covered with perspiration when he quit
j twenty minutes later, he did not appear
in the least distressed and his wind was
perfect.
Later the champion went for a spin
ion the road, covering five miles. He
finished in good style and immediately
received a good rubdown. The rest of
1 the day he spent leisurely loafing ,
I around his training quarters. Fitzsim- !
] mons said he was not in the least dis
| turbed by the desertion of several well
known sporting authorities from the
i ranks of his supporters. He said the
j opinions of the people counted for very
little. It was the work that the man
I did in the ring that won or lost the
j fight for him.
"The opinion of any set of men,"
j said Fitzsimmons, "never bothers me.
| They never win fights for any pugilist.
I It takes skill and good hard blows to
i win out in any fight. Talk cuts very
little figure."
The champion said he noticed Cor
bett betting on Jeffries at odds of 1 to 2.
"If Corbett," said Fitzsimmons. "will
take even money I will bet him as
much as he wants thai I will win.
"The weather," he added, "does not
I bother me at all, but I think it will
j worry Jeffries considerably."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MUNYON'S
INHALER.
. »
The Wonderful Remedy for Catarrh,
Asthma, Bronchitis and All
Throat and Lung Diseases.
AN UNPARALLELED
SUCCESS.
It Has No Equal— Physicians Pronounc*
It the Most Scientific and Effective
Treatment Known for Diseases of
the Air Passages.
Clouds of Medicated Vapor are inhaled
through the mouth and emitted from the
nostrils, cleansing and vaporizing all the
inflamed and diseased parts -which cannot
be reached by medicine taken into the
I stomach.
It leaches the sore spots.
It heals the raw places.
It goes to the seat of disease.
It penetrates obscure places where
drugs taken into the stomach cannot
reach.
It acts as a halm and tonic to the whole
system.
If You Have a Cold, Try It.
If You Have the Grip, Try It.
If You Have a Cough, Try It.
If You Have Catarrh, Try It.
If You Have Sore Throat, Try It.
If You Have Weak Lungs, Try It.
IT POSITIVELY CURES.
; price $1.00 c r P ,e E r^
Druggists' or mailed from our office.
Sciatica, lumbago and all rheumatic
: pains are cured by Munyon's Rheuma-
, tism Cure. Dyspepsia and all stomach
! troubles cured by Munyon's Dyspepsia
Cure. Ninety per cent of all kidney com-
plaints cured by Munyon's Kidney Cure.
Headaches, colds and coughs, impure
blood, general debility, nervousness, all
quickly cured by Munyon s Remedies.
The remedies cost mostly 25 cents a vial,
and are sold by all druggists. There are
fifty-seven different cures for fifty-seven
different ailments.
Write PROFESSOR MUNYON, 1505
Arch street, Philadelphia, for free medi-
cal advice on any disease.
£j3382^ $} fi h 9 fi F* IV
W J%gv£fciBh«3!&' a " d TUMORS CURED
[ JJ /pJgfcvgi^Sr No KNIFE or PAIN
1 (r W^^^^^P^^ 0 Pay unt " CURED
j iyp^^fii woman's breast Is
J^^^^^^^^ff%J ways poison the
S when ihe cancer
I '.n armpit gets large cure is impossible.
1 Face and lip also very common places.
90 PAGE BOOK SENT FREE
With testimonials of thousands I hays Cured
S. R. CHAMLEY, M. D M 25 Third St., S. F.
; SEND to SOME ONE with CANCER
*»iT«.(i:i>visi"=r copyright!"?
IN THE MAZE OF THE VOLUPTU-
OUS WALTZ.
"Soft eyes looked love to eyes that spake
asain.
And all went merry as a marriage bell."
And that was when his loved one had
a chance to examine the exquisite color
and finish on his shirt front, and ask
him where he had his laundry work
done. Every one should know that the
finest laundry work put on shirts, col-
i lars and cuffs in this town is done at
the United States Laundry.
"No saw-edges."
The United States Laundry. Office
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 420.
000000000000000000
o"»= PALACE "!°2
g GRAND g
I *? SAN FRANCISCO. Q
!** Connected by a covered passageway. **
® 1400 Room?— 900 wlh Bath Attached. "
I O All Under One Management. O
j 0 NOTE TEE PRIO'3B: O
! 0 European Flan. 8 per day and upward O
I n American Plan.sS.oO per day And upward A
9 Correspondence Solicited. * V»
O JOHN 0. KIHKPATRICK, HtasgSr. O
i 000000000000000000
I A PERMANENT CURE ]
j i of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea c
i ' and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 6 5
C days ;no other treatment required. . $
C Sold by all druggists. 5
I DR.PIERCES 1
GOLDEN
MEDICAL.
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
I BLOOP.BJVER.UJNGS.
DR.MCNULTYT
1 rpHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABT,KOLD
: J. SpecialiateurriPrivate, Nervous, and Blood l)i%.
i eases o. Men only. Book 011 Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men. free. Over 20 y 'rs' experience.
Patients cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours 9
t0 3 da11y; 3.30 to 8:30 ev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call.oraddresa
P. ROBCOE 35c\IJLTY. 31.1).
[ 26^ Kearur St., San Francisco. CaL
34
NEGOTIATIONS FOR
MAMMOTH SUGAR
CONSOLIDATION
Reports of a Union of the
American and Glucose Re=
inlng Companies.
CHICAGO. June 6.— The Record to
morrow will say: That negotia
tions are in progress lo,>kwijr to
ward a mammoth sugar consoli
dation is now admitted by one of
the men most Interested. These stories
have been circulated at various times,
remote and recent, but nothing con
firmatory has been obtainable. It is
not asserted that the deal on hand at
present Is in tangible shape, but it is
real enough to have necessitated con
ferences in New York and the plan are
now under consideration by the exec
utives concerned.
From the widely different sources to
RANCHER CARTER
ENTERS A DENIAL
Says He Did Not Dispose
of Diseased Beef.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TOM ALES. June fi.— Dr. Urban. I
th Officer ot T iwnship. is
■
■ tiding disi ■ out ol Marin
md to-day sent all the data in
his i t is dei mi 1
the b i ' beef bj R
ci John Carter to Districi Attorney Mc-
Utor
-
th Dr. Urb sh to 1
full extent ol
whom conclusive cvi ill 1
-
■ ter was s< en this evenii
Urbai
.( was that
of th. ■ ted with milk fev< r, which
was condemned by the Health Officer on
May 22. A strange fact li with
LeniaJ was that he refused to say to
whon 3igned, although
he admltti ! having aiming it
Llthy ■ "W
waybill now In poss
Bondeson at P
■
ihn & Levi. Whether that
firm receivi d It or not is anothi •
The agent
that Mr. a the
■ r the
waybill.
"1 saw Mr. Carter, nies having
sent tl ised cow." said
Dr. Urban this evening. "1 h
for ti . : 1 listrict At;
Mclsa trsue further my in
.• d not do to
make an arrest without conclusive evi
dence, and that is hard to get. Even If
we could obtain possess! in of tl
the dlseae id parts would have been re
■l milk fever does not show In
the : animal."
What makes the officials believe that a
fr 1 deal of diseased meat Is being
shipped from the county is that .very now
and then the can ass of a ■ I sewed
eking b< for.- consignment
Carter is a very wealthy man.
■who ha., a large number of cattle, and
the rumor of ins alleged offense has
Ided sens. i lion.
STARRED BY A WOMAN.
Southern Pacific Fireman Dangerous-
ly Wounded at Stockton.
BTOCKTON, June 6.— A cutting affray
took to-day In the questii
quarters >>f thin city which may result s«
-rioußly to - Southern Pacific fire
man known In the district ac "Billie"
Maddox. Hazel Rusa 11, a dlss.
n quarreled with him. As he turned
..- she drew a knife and thrust it
into his back. The blade entered just be
low the shoulder-blade and m netrated the
lung. The wound la two ana a naif Inches
and very ragged. The woman w.is
arrest- d late this afterrn
to commit murder. It Is said Maddox
does ■ want ncr to be prosecuted, but
the result of his wdunds probably will dfe
ttrmine this.
Sale of Water Frontage.
BTOCKTOS, June 6.— as numerous cor
porations have longing eyes upon water
frontage, a sale of thia class of realty at
attention. A deed has 1., ci
on record which may mean more than is
apparent on Its face. By the Instrument
Ji run. ;. Young and wife convey to Theo
dore Giei of < lakland lots I, 2, 3, 4. 5, 6 and
a part of 7. West Stockton, the parcel
bavins .1 frontage on the north side of
feet. The consid
eration named la IN initial, but ihe inter
nal rive;,;;, stamps indicate thai the ;>rl''<:
was over 127,000. Mr. Young said he knew
nothing about the intentions of the pur
. ■ wh ■ is a wholesale liquor mcr
: Oakland and ex-president of tn«
Merchants' i Lt is surmised that
Mr. Gler i.- acting f'>r a syndicate.
Young owns considerable more Frontage,
tut says he will noi part with another bit
at any figure und foot.
Policeman Charged With Battery
HARIBVILLHi, J 11:1. 6. fOUCe umcoi
j. l-:. Parmele* was arrested to-day ai th
lnstHnce of S. I>. Hayes, who charges hirr
with battery, it I he polio tnai
struck Parmelee on the face and other
wise did him bodily Injury, after having
placed him under arrest Hayes has ju.v
completed a ten days' term in the Citj
Pris.m 'in convection "f having v
gar languagi
Legal Fight Probable.
MARYSV!!.].!; June B.— A Han Fran
cisco attorney is in this city in the Inter
ests of the foreign bondholders of the
Brawns valley Irrigation district, recently
declared by tne om;r's to have been ille
gally organized. l : Is ;"> Bible that tli.>sc»
Bondholders v.il! present their side of the
litigation to the Federal courts.
Succeeds His Dead Father.
MARVSVILI.K. .June «i.-The Board of
Supervisors of Sutter County to-. lay ap
pointed Eugene McPhetridgo to the office
of Auditor and Record) r to succeed his
father, the late A. S. McPhetridge. The
vote was unanimous.
Appointed to Office.
JkCARYSVILLE, June C. • J. C.
Ray and M. T. Brittan were to-day ap
pointed members of the County Board of
Education.
No other soap in
the world is used so
much ; or so little of
it goes so far.
day ( ame reports of an independent
union of the American Su^ar Refining
Company and the Glucose Suc;ar Re
(ininK Company, with the subsequent
absorption, by purchase or otherwise,
■ I the plants" offered by the Arbuckle
interests and the Doscher refineries,
with perhaps other competing plants.
"1 can say nothing definite at this
time," said oni- df the head men of the
receni conferences. "I am in a t-onti
dentia! position with reference to the
matter. But I am at liberty to say there
is a good deal more in the reports of a
illdation of siurar interests than
is generally credited. Negotiations are
in I I the general lines indi
cated, but J cannot speak more spe
clflcally."
LLEWELLYN IS
CROSS-EXAMINED
Political Enemies Worry
the Major.
Special Dispatch to The Tall.
HILLSBORO. N. Mcx.. June 6.—Pro
found Interest in the Fountain murder
was manifest t -.lay when Maj >r VV.
11. H. Llewellyn appeared for cross-ex
amination by his political enemies. Wit
had a bad memory, which he attrlb-
Illnese !.■ gave negative an
swers to questions as to his connei
with plots to murder Attorney Fall and
■ Lee. He admitted that he had
employed detectives after turning th(
■ •v. r iv the Sheriff. 11-- stated that the
graphic record of his former state
ments in some particulars was erroneous
and made .some corrections.
Fall's first, question was: "You testified
twice that the track in Las Cruces was
not the same as any of the three near the
blood ."
"He did not," interposed Attorney
Catron.
"When you state that you say deliber
ately and willfully what you know is
false," said Fall. "You are seeking to
post your witness."
tron then addressed the court and
continued to state what the witness had
taid yesterday.
"Now you have posted the witness as
you intend* d," said Fall.
"As to my language l v ill apologise to
the court, but n< I .. sir." said Ca
tron.
Refer* nee to the record was passed tem
porarily.
Witness paid: "Several measurements
were taken of horse and bool track- and
kept In my office but I don't know where
re now."
During a legal tilt Attorney Fall said:
We proj.. ■... that it was not the
original intention to prosecute the de
fendants, but that they were after me:
wanted to accuse me: but got In this and
' get out."
When the court refused (o allow th*
• to ask Major Llewellyn this afler
ncon who prosecuted the Government's
suit against him while he was Indian
Agent at the Mes< alero Reservation,
Albert Fountain, eld st son of th* mur
dered man. was recalled. Ho said that hip
the first party to find blood, and in
his excitement he thought be recos
bis father's hoot track near the blood
soaked spot, but was probably mistaken.
Some of the rm-n measured the tracks
, for future reference.
This was the last of the evidence for
the prosecution. The measurements of
tracks Beveral witnesses had mentioned
had not l>«-«-n produced.
Attorney Childers, for the prosecution,
asked to make a statement, and was
sworn in order to be cross-examined. He
explained that the last heard of them
i they were in a box in an office > Las
eS.
(in cross-examination, he said he fljd
not remember why the measurements
Were not produced -i; McNew's prelim
inary trial.
Attorney Barnes th,:: explained that he
had been directed by th.- possessor of the
trements to find them In a. box with
papers concerning the Fountain
case, but they were not there. The ; 1
cution th«-n announced that the case was
in.
The defense moved that the court in
struct the jury to find a verdict of not
guilty. Attorney Dougherty cited that
th.- controlling feature was the bloody
find, and no evidence showed this was
; human blood, and it was not found within
:: week after Colonel Fountain's disap
pearance.
The court refused to hear argument.
and said he could not entertain the mo
tion. He might do so if it was the last
chance, but not under present conditions.
The defense asked an adjournment, say
ing they had much good evidence not
considered necessary, and could save
time by a conference this evening on what
i to use.
BATTLE WITH A BULL.
One Farmer Rescues Another From
an Enraged Beast.
LOS ANGELES, June fi.--Samuel Hr-r
--ron, who lives on a ranch near \V. st
minstor. was attacked by an Infuriated
bull yesterday. He was so severely in
jured that his life hangs by a slender
thread. Herron was repeatedly knocked
down and rolled over, the animal tossing
him with Its suwied-off horns from side to
sid.-.
James Anderson, who was hauling hay
in an adjoining field, saw the struggle
; and, unhitching one of his horses, armed
himself with a pitchfork and rode at full
speed upon the maddened creature. An
derson drove the prongs f f ne pitchfork
into the beast's haunches and fought a
battle that was worthy the efforts of a
matador. Other neighbors, through the
efforts of Anderson, were enabled to cap
ture the animal and carry Herron to a
place of safety.
EYTKA ENGAGED BY ZOLA.
Handwriting Expert to Testify in
Dreyfus Case.
SANTA BARRARA, June 6.— Theodore
Kytka, handwriting expert, who has been |
employed by the State in the libel case I
against Yda Addis Storke, will leave '
shortly for France to testify as an expert I
in the Dreyfus retrial. He is employed by
Smile Zola.
Kytkn was on the stand in the Storke '■
case to-day, giving technical evidence
against the accused.
Veteran Firemen's Outing.
MONTEREY, June 6.— The Veteran
Firemen's Association of San Francisco
has accepted the invitation of the Monte
rey Fire Department to be the guests of
the city of Monterey during their animal
outing in September next, and the local
finmen are already la>ing plans for their
ertertainment. Mexican sports and other
typical Moi.teiey amusements will con
stitute the greater part of the .programme,
and a fireman's drill contest by companies
from the surrounding towns is being ar
ranged.
Sickness Leads to Suicide.
CARSON CITY, Nev., June 6.— E. Pier
reni, a resident of Dayton, committed
suicide to-day in this city by blowing bio
brains out with a pistol, He stopped at
the Raffeto House, kept by his mother
in-law, and after making deliberate prep
arations lay down on a bed, placed the re
volver in his mouth and pulled the trig
ger. Sickness was the cause.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALX., WEDNESDAY, JUNE 7. 1899.
ORDER OF ST. ANNE
CONFERRED UPON HIM
Rev. Sebastian Dabovich, Who Has Been
Honored by the Czar of Russia.
INFORMATION was received yesterday by the Rey. Sebastian Dabovich
of this city that the Order - I St. Anne had been conferred on him by
tin Czar of Russia. This is the second order presented to the minister
during the pest two years. He received the handsome order of Daniel
of Montegre from Prince Nicholas two years ago, rani he prizes both very
The doctor Is of the opinion that the degree was awarded to him through
the influence of Bishop Nicholas, who left this city a year ago and had an
audience with the Czar, at which he probably recommended the local divine
by reason of the assistance he had rendered him in his work.
The Order of Daniel, he Bays, was conferred on him for his kindnesses
to Servians and Montenegrin subjects in this city and for the articles he
his written on the province of Montenegro and of its struggles against the
Turks and other trii
Dr. Dabovich is a traveling missionary connected with the Holy Trinity
Cathedral. He was born in this city In 1863 and received his early educa
tion in the public schools i f San Francisco. <>n graduating from the latter
U» filtered a religious school and upon concluding his studies in 1884 he w<jm
to Alaska and served In that country- In 1889 he journeyed to Kussi.-i and
entered the Theological Academy of St. Petersburg. On graduating in 1892
!• returned to this city and took up missionary work, and is engaged
in that labor at the present time. He has written a number of books and has
also contributed to magazines. His a rmons at the Cathedral are extremely
popular and cover a wide range of topics on matters pertaining to the Or
thodox church
SECRET WORK
IN THE CAMP
OF DEMOCRATS
A Scheme to Control
Local Nominations.
THE DETAILS OF THE PLOT
COMMITTEE OF ONE HUNDRED
WILL MEET TO-NIGHT.
Buckley Is Somewhat Reticent, but
Is Keeping Well Advised of Po
litical Deals and Talks of
the Past.
Everything on the surface of the local
Democratic party seems placid ;m<i se
rene, but there Is agitation In the depths
of the organization. The meeting of the
Committee of One Hundred at Native
Sons' Hall to-night may furnish a genu
ine surprise for A. M. Lawrence, who re
cently went forth for another vacation.
He had a programme nicely cut and dried
for recruiting the committee to the orig
inal maximum strength of one hundred,
and then eliminating seventy-five of the
members from the organisation.
i:.v this process he designed to place in
the hands of the remaining twenty-five
the entire responsibility "f providing the
party with B municipal ticket. The plan
contemplates the out-and-oul indorsement
of Mayor Phclnn's administration and the
renomination of tin .Mayor. It was f.in
cied by tin- clumsy manipulator that the
followers of Phelan nad no interests in
municipal affairs beyond gratifying the
Mayor's desire for another term. It was
expected, therefore, that they would fall
into line readily and accept the Lawrence
programme of Dodge for Assessor. ESsola
for Chief of Police and a lot of selected
material for minor places.
Late last night word was passed around
that influential and independent memtnrs
of the Committee of One Hundred had re-
BOlved to reject the Lawrence programme
and give to the nominating convention
the privilege of selecting the Democratic
municipal ticket. There is nothing in tne
proposed revision that threatens Phelan'a
prestige on the committee, but the friends
of Phelan maintain that his popularity
shall not be used as a means to give Law
rence and Rainey the control of the
works.
By general consent precinct apportion
ment will be recognized. The advice or in
structions of an executive committee of
the Democratic State Central Committee
will in this regard be respected- in fait
it cannot !>.■ ascertained that the Com
mittee of Qne Hundred ever contemplated
the plan of spreading out a blanket
ttvket. Assembly apportionment was
thought of, and the Mayor himself fan
cied at one time that Assembly sub-dl-
Vjslon was sufficient.
A plan which will be presented to-night
will provide measures for learning the
party strength in each district. It is not
proposed that representation In the con
vention Shall be based upon the highest
number of votes cast in the precinct for
any Democratic candidate, but the avt r
age vote will be put forward as the true
scale for ascertaining the representation
to which the precinct is entitled.
When details of this kind are adjusted
steps may be taken to appoint from each
Ass< mbly district ttiree wr-il-known Intel
ligent and Independent Democrats to act '
;is ;m auxiliary committee to assist the .
: I Committee of. < >ii»j Hundred. There
ark no open siKns of a break between
Phelan and Lawrence, but the tatter's
clumsy methods and raw work In the in
teresi of. blemished and discredited poii- j
tlcians have alarmed the Muyor's friends
and Induced them to caution th»- Mayor
against reposing faith In cither the sin
cerity or skill of Lawrence. Vigilance
will be observed at the meeting to-night
to detect signs of the Lawrence pro
gramme which proposes to distribute gold
bricks to seventy-five members of the
Committee of One Hundred and pive to
twenty-five men the power to name the
ticket.
) ■■ . kUy, surrounded by his staff, is oc
cupying temporary quarters in the Emma
Bpreckels building, while the rooms in j
the Arcade, or Baldwin Annex, are in \
process of renovation. He receives daily;
reports regarding the work of the club
organization in the various Assembly !
llstricts. .Many of his followers are old
timers, as one readily learns by listening |
to the general talk at Buckley headquar
ters, yet they manifest much enthusiasm
In talking of the success of this or that
club. They are going about the work of
organization In a methodical manner,
noting that this man should be seen be
fore the club in his district meets, as he
has promised to "brinK in three of the
boys" who live- in his house. Ten or
twelve man were waiting to see the boss
when he arrived at his rimms yesterday
afternoon. They were admitted, one -by
urn-, to the inner ur conference room.
Buckley dwells with especial delight on
the record for economy in municipal af
fairs which was made during; the years
that Washington Bartlett and E. B. Pond
were respectively at the head of the city
government. Referring to the past, the
bo-s remarked:
"In 1881 the city was in a chaotic* con
dttion. The present situation of affairs
municipal reminds me of the condition
then. The local government Immediately
following the adoption of the new con
stitution was extravagant. The expense
of maintaining the County Clerk and As-
Bessor department was enormous. The
Supervisors, from whom much good was
expected, disappointed the public. When
the time came for selecting a new set
of officers Washington Rartlett and Jo
seph Clarke called on me at my office on
Bush street and wanted to know If some
thing could not be done to bring about
better and cheaper local government. I
invited them to sit down and talk over the
subject.
"In the course of the conference I sub
mitted tiie plan that the Democratic State
Club should recommend the Democratic
State Central Committee to appoint a
committee of twenty-five and that the
Democratic County Committee should
appoint an equal number. It was pro
posed that these fifty men should submit
a plan fur the reorganization of the
Democratic party in San Francisco. Out
of this grew the plan of forty-seven
clubs. 1 was in favor of placing John S.
Hager at the head of municipal affairs,
but the plan was changed and Washing
tun Bartlett made Mayor. Not only was
the dollar limit observed but the rate
was reduced to i»8 cents. The debt in
curred by previous extravagance was
liquidated, the streets and sewers were
cleaned and good government was se
cured in all departments.
"We had a good deal of discussion over
water rates," resumed Buckley, "but we
managed to obtain material reductions.
Mr. Pond was not ready to accept the
nomination for Mayor when we proposed
a 10 per cent reduction of water rates.
The corporation objected strongly to the
proposed reduction, but I advised the
company to accept it. The corporation
resisted, and the result was the adoption
of anr order by the Supervisors reducing
the rate 16 per cent. The courts were
then appealed to, and while the right of
the Supervisors to tix the rate was con
ceded, the court held that the corporation
should have been heard, and so the order
was sent back to the board. The. com
pany was then ready and eager to accept
the 10 per cent reduction which I had
recommended. Another order was passed,
but the Mayor vetoed it on the ground
that the reduction was not sufficient."
In speaking of party bosses. Buckley
remarked that Hlgglns was the ablest one
that he ever met, and added that he had
met many of the most noted leaders in
New York and elsewhere.
MRS. HUMPHREY QUITS.
Suit for Breach of Promise Against
Capitalist Brown Is Dismissed.
The suit of Mrs. Alta Humphrey against
Capitalist C, Elwood Brown was dis
missed in the United States Circuit Court
yesterday morning upon a stipula
tion signed by Mrs. Humphrey and Mr.
Brown to the effect that the suit should
be dismissed, and th:*t each party should
pay his and her costs.
Attorney Crandall of counsel for Mrs.
Humphrey was in court, and said that
he had not been consulted in the matter
of the dismissal, but that if his client and
the defendant had signed the stipulation
he could not object to the dismissal.
The suit was brought about a year ago
to recover $100,000 damages for breach of
promise of marriage, the plaintiff being
a dashing widow resident of Chicago. She
represented that she believed Brown to
have been a single man and that, there
fore, she accented his attentions. She,
was in this city a short time ago, and it
is believed that the stipulation was
formulated while she was here.
As the counsel profess to know nothing
about the compromise, the particulars
could not be learned. The sum stated is
said to range from $5000 to $20,000. There
are rumors that Mrs. Humphrey had in
tended to bring a criminal charge against
Brown, but the rumors could not be sub
stantiated.
■ ♦ ■
DEMOCRATS OF THE FORTIETH.
They Have Opened the Campaign
With Three Full-Fledged Clubs.
Democracy is above par out in the For- I
tleth District. There are throe clubs al
ready in the field and time for any num
ber beyond that to be formed. One mot
Monday night, another met last night,
and there will be a meeting of the third
next Monday night. "Ed Rock's Club" is
suspected of having Rainey affiliations.
It has among its members all the < >1 > l
timers who have served the party in the
Fortieth so long and so profitably. Last
night the second club, called for want of
a better name "our club," met. It is
"affiliated with no man and no faction"
Its managers declare, and the speeches
which smote the air from where it met
had for their theme Independence of ac
tion. Its president is Charlie Heggerty,
vice president, I >r. < '. V. Cross; corre
sponding secretary, Matt Brady, and Its
financial secretary, George. Kelly.
At the meeting last night there was
more than a hall full in attendance and
a full share of oratory and enthusiasm.
Ex-Judge Ferral, Henry Hogan of Napa,
who made such a g i ease out of such
a bad one in the Clark murder trial; Sid
ney Van Wyck and Joe Kelly were the
speakers, and they kept things lively un
til after 10 o'clock. There are over two
hundred on the club-rolls now and the
managers predict more to come. The
third club in the district belongs to M.
C. Hassett. It is a committee of on<
hundred dub. and BO far seems to have
earned the friendship of itself alone. The
other two dubs have no use for it, be
cause they say it represents the un-
Democraric principles of the committee
of one hundred. The Rock Club has
earned a bad name because when the club
was formed these most interested came
her and made themselves chairmen,
secretaries, committees and general man
agers and then they sent out invitations
to all the faithful asking them to com
in and make up the membership. The
dub which met last evening has no
faults according to its officers. Yet with
all three in field the Fortieth promise.- to
be a lively Democratic district before the
campaign is well on.
CUBA'S CAPITAL.
Lecture by J. W. Erwin Before the
Young Men's Institute.
On the evening of June 20 J. W. Erwin,
United Stnt* ■ Postal Inspector in this
city, will lecture for the members- and
friends of Golden Gate Council No. 34,
V M I. Mr. Erwin'fl Bubject is "What 1
Saw in Cuba's Capital." He has recently
returned from an official visit to Cuba.
and will recount his personal experiences
and observations, illustrated by a superb
collection of lantern slides. ±he lecture
■niii be i mpllmentary one and ticket*
can be obtained at the office ot Grand
Secretary G. A. Stanley, Pioneer building,
24 Fourth Btri et.
A Painter's Fall.
J. Parker, a painter living at 2W O'Far
rell street, while working In the house,
729 Mission street, yesterday afternoon,
happened to be standing on top of a lad
der and overbalanced himself. He Cell
and was rendered unconscious. He was
taken to the Receiving Hospital, where it
whs found tnat he had .scaped with a
bruised hip and contused fac--.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
RUPTURE,
One of the Worst Afflictions
of Mankind,
Cured Without the Use of
Knife by Dr. Sweany.
Varicocele and .Hydrocele Quickly Cured by
the Great Specialist.
Science and Skill, Coupled With Experience,
Again Proves a Godsend.
During the month of May nearly three score
of people who had all but despaired of •v. r
being cured of that dread affliction, rupture,
and many of whom were pronounced as hope-
less by other physicians, were made happy and
permanently cured by the celebrated specialist.
Dr. F. I;. Sweany, at his office, 737 Market
street. The doctor's treatment of rupture is
the result of that deep study and research, a
trait, which, with his knowledge art; experi-
ence' in medicine and surgery, '8 the main
cause of his extended and prolonged successful
practice on the Pacific Coast. The treatment is
known to but few physicians In die United
States, and is altogether different from that
employed by the old school of physicians of
the darkened M^es.
Varicocele, which drains vitality, makes life
a burden and forces early decay of the manly
powers. Is another of the diseases which Dr.
Bweany makes a specialty of. His scientific
and successful treatment of this disease has
proven a great boon to mankind. Thousands
have been cured by the doctor during his
twenty years' residence on this coast. "
Hy.lrocele and all swellings anil Impediments
are other specialties which Dr. Sweany attends
with unfailing success. Weak men are made
strong and old men made young. Organs of
the body which have been weakened or shrunk-
en are restored to full power, strength and
vigor. Contagious blood poison and all dis-
eases of the blood thoroughly eradicated from
the system.
ELECTRIC TREATMENTS.
The latest Improved static, faradic and gal-
vanic electrical appliances known to science for
the treatment of all nervous and chronic dis-
eases. Rheumatism, acute and chronic, Lum-
bago, Gout and all aches and pains quickly
succumb to the doctor's combined electro-
medical treatment. The miraculous effects In
the treatment of the above-named diseases are
to say the least, wonderful. Patients who for
months were unable to walk erect without go-
Ing through tortures and suffering excruciating
pains In the back, side and limbs, after one or
two treatments, stand perfectly- straight with-
out effort and walk without the use of cane or
crutch: DISEASES OF WOMEN.
Dr. Sweany takes special pride in the suc-
cess which has attended his efforts in the treat-
ment of diseases of women. Permanent and
satisfactory cures In ailments produced by ab-
normal or unnatural conditions of the female
organs, painful menstruations, irregularities,
barrenness, inflammation, hysteria, pain In the
back and loins, neuralgia, dullness of vision,
smarting pain and itching of the parts, bearing
down, leucorrhoea or whites and other com-
plaints which often result in great prostration
and nervousness. His combined electro-medical
treatment In all diseases of women really works
wonders. ■ . ■ . .
One of the features of Dr. Sweany's practice
Is that he will guarantee cures In all cases
which he accepts where his instructions are fol-
lowed out.
" The offices of Dr. Sweany are located on the
second floor at 737 Market street. ■ -■■■•
LOTTERY WING. _____^~-
KENTUCKY LOTTERY.
Prizes fop the month of May were decided by the drawings of the A
Canadian Royal Art Union DRAWN IN PUBLIC Wednesday, May 31, \
at 238 and 240 St. James Street, Montreal.
. ■ — »;„ ; lt I — — i,
»• J2?. ■• •"-"•■' "* •"-•i " '"-"• I" •>«■•• I
01 »13 6358 88 142 U- « 10 'I?"- 112 28551 ...810
133 ' 8 1371 .... 8 14243..-.. 8> ?!34<t ... 12 288184_\ , ]
Jf?-' a r ,4"0 .12 142 M.— 12 2Wtt 40125714 .li
if2'"~ h 66%.— S 14534 II VIMI 40J25751.. ...2U
S""8 C 74 .....20 1488S .. . 8 21715 8 2,872.. .20
li 6 . r 6770 ....20 14721 20 817*3... 20
HI I 6702 .... 6 14841 .. 8 21819 .... 40 290.-4 ._.«
KJ d £90, ... 8 14')U2. 20 21821 60 20063 .. . 8
'""it . 21693 - " '''■-' ..r ..40
I I*"" 70G3 .. 8 IMB3 12 | 2l ' m -•■»■
urn 12 7342' 8 15221 It «0M 4»J«9MI. w 2u
»«' \l l\* t \"' I 5263 ..,8-2207tf..-..20 2WJO 8
mM IliiiHii
S»"-3 ""'" 1 5886 20 22998.., JO 30219 ,W
iS^llliii
;- ■ g 9287 - l«819 «p ■'•- 5
r.".' ? 9357 H IBBM ■ 8 25728 •" *
l|iii:^i§i|
~2°r\ ... B ■--' ■ " " . ?
»«• « 98U <0 !;#:::;:m..: 2 Hl»::5
31-!2 .. 6 10223 .. .. 8 17314 12 24112 .. 20 3I«« .. 8
Im. !i: t04i4... c nm... 8 *iot«... s *
3319 A 1 10438 ... 8 '«« J - J J - s ' 7 - " °
N0.3599 10448 8 18078 60 2«')64 -y*» „,:„ „
99nn I 057& ..60 I*3B* 8 3311S ...20,
3!m 8 twin V- 8 l*W3 12 2.M7& 8 «154 OT
Jf -■!!""" "Si :";sS ■.:".■&
385" 1 2 11214.. 12 18714 1'- »67a -12 13455 •• «
»:: iiiHj..*. i8«5?.:: ■ vt.gM<4n« »
114.11. .40 18851 . -201 1600 Wtj's.- 8
I" ;!?:::S :::•! ,«.-...- SSL.:rJBSSr'
«,; ; 11408 ... .2"' I<KVS9. .... 9 26R«2... * 3.1323 ....J2
4365 "".20 II7M 40 19062 .. -.12 267*1 12 . . ■
*A«l 8 US4S ...20 19078 8 21979 12 34025 ...J2
£,4 9 11847 . .20 19101 ... 8 ?»»0O .... 8 J4IBI -12
4897 '.".» 11980.... 8 '»•»* -[;' t3994. - »•■ J4202 .. 8-
-4 509 jo 19230 8 ■ 3425' •. «
" 12034 12 1925' ... 40J25115- .XZ 34317 .... 8
"5018.....12 12236 SO 19132 ■ -MM" I • • a 3437* 12
m a 12215 .... 8 19378... .20 26355 12 34450.. V.
8 38.T.;'..1! 17342 • 8 13420 8 26484 . : ..12 3447.1 -. .6
'6216 8 124*.. .12:19421 i 264ai 20 ' 34565 20
6268 . 8 123(1.. ...12 19433 8 S'iHS »|3*64l 12
iP» .12 l'.^-v... 6 19160 40 26340 ....20 34698 «♦
6286 . 8 12707. .... 8 19698 20 1 -'"701 .... 8 34734 20
5308 ' 8 12766 20 19891 ...20 No. 86918 34786 «i)
6364.'.. -20 12790 8 19920 40 $4000 348*1..— 6
0529 "~60 '■ 20<W< 12 27063 8 35008 .8
6t48 ... 8 13024 ... 8 20103. .... 8 27503 8 33025.,.- «
«03 I" 8 13360 ..._ 8 2"438 12 J7«38 40 35338 *l
?74C 8 13421.. ...12 2*177 8 2T857.'... 8 35381 1*
674* __ 8 13502 8 20528.... 8 27996....- 8 .*3451 8
0911 12 13558 20 20376 20 . 35509..-.. 8
13715 .. 8 20666 8 28035. ....40 ; 30581 12.
6026 12 13785 .....20 20748 40 39083 12 35619..-..12
6039 12 13540 12 20793 12 28086 .... 8 8»C38...«.%1J
M 3?:::::: 8 us» 8 20931 8 »i» 4S b55i4-...-i
6106 8 23120....M 8 . i
I™':.'.: 8 No. 14017 21031v.,_20 28157.....40 36036 .*)
6265 8 $800 21030../... 8 28223. 8 J004.9.-.....12
.C2J^."^ 14067.?." 8 »U«j'^£- 8 35354 Sf^jS-^.^
K!I4. II0>»0^4 .fii|so»a »8'5731P .... $f Mil*, ♦-"
Jt49« ..t. 8 <413.i -..12 60628 ... 12 57454 . II 63793 .... 3
56539 .. .20 44214.... » 50;*03 .20 57629 ... 8 63939 8
3G5J3 ...40 4423* . ... 8J50967 8 57720 20
3«25 20 44351 ... .12 J0036 8 57664 8 64001./.. 8
3*773 20 44533 12 57869 20 64127 40
gCBOC 12 44534 .. .12 51024 8 64106 »
86816 12 44. 1 .. ..40 51467 8 SSOOO 20 64!!26 8
36342 . 20 44785 40 31474 .. .20 55122. ...,20 64404 13
3tiB'-2 .12 51530 20 58162 8 64305.... 8
*3tBS5 A! 45DM 20 31717 .20 58171 8 «4365 12
J1845....12 45072 ....12 M 789....-29 58232 8 64779-.-. 8
451.-.7 8 31926 . ... 8 : 5U355 8
'370« ....'2O -»52*!3 ...1.12 6IMB. .... 8,i&"<64 8 65077 12
■37141 . .20 4323-3 12 1*8437 8 65227 12
373*0 -84521;*. 5,52140 ... .^2|6i(««} 12 6">2fi2 8
37597 ..... U. 452. r .. 12152260- .„ .'-8 5969« 8 65252 8
37SH ..'. 8145350 *15*391.....«J51155& ...12 65347 12
*j;891 10 45448 20 52415 .. ..20 -58929......10 65465 8
S7M3 ...20 43*46...... 8 524*83 .....28 J «3764 8
5*7»92 .... fi4sr)l> .. ...iO ,524« ....?» 40077....- 8 65858 8
"145592 8 52547 ...JL- 590'.>2....... 8 65373*....20
.'..J0135853 8 52591n.-.4J 53121 ....8 65894 8
SS2O3 ....40 4*905. v .. 8 52722 ...X0 5913 p... 8 65959..C40
.H&JJ4. ..2»J ' 52717.. .40 59131 .... 8
38296 a : 46093 . ."..« 5286 J.«... 8 59211 8 68603 8
38366 ie!l6ir)!> 20 59437 20 6C019 8
"35405. ...... 8|V.54'2 .12 53106 12 59496 . 8 66282 ...12
(W414 ... 8 45?«47... '.'0 ; 53190 ,*12!5:>506 -...!-' «6304 20
|BH9 .J2J4iiC99 6 53235.!... 12 1395'i0 40J6G336 12
50652 * 46T54. £0. 5i20i.....-6W633 ."J0j663W......12
13T04 .. . 8 4»/f1... .. * s"J4f.i . -12 59720, . 20 Gfif.29 8
337C5... . 8 46»1J .".. 8163J43 .... BJiSWI ..... -&.-C6439 40
JRiUB 12, 4«8'.>8 c (3886 I- 5 423  r Lf.e-495 8
Sf*<f. .... 8 16988 • .12 i J53563 S.UMS4I. 1?
38040 .... 8 No. 6420E 1 ' ««U3 .....40
■ ■ <70?7. li $200.0 |60Ki..-^f.C639 .... 8
ZiOn .....{■ «078 .. 8. 14211 ._». -' 6008 . . 8 66746*. ..12
3!>213, ... 8 47099 ....,<* 54213 . . 60 1 50 M .^OJbCBO9 •— 8
13394 -8 17-192 ..U ;5f2J2 , £(i]KOH6.'., -.12 665J1.*... &
a? 14«...... -8 47242 . .1? 513-21 ..1 i ' ''(Kit* 8J
JS:.J3 12472ti>.... 8J54'<83 ...J2:cat.26. 40 WOM -8
39385 .... 8 47222- . ..12':*411 . fid -806.'.7 .. 87123 a. . 8
39745 ... 8 J 4i.i44 ..-.^o l 54441 ...U 6(Hm"O . .«ot?7rio ... fl
3M12....20|47352 ...20 5«04... .12 60670 ..:i2jC7284....,!2
30321 .... 20" 47402 ...12 3.462* .. £ 6i»6?4 . 67327 .a.. 8
47645 ...12' 5462* ...12.1i09ttr.....-12 .*.. -8
40013 8 47708  12 5iT77 8 67471 -12
4 i.tO .... 8 <7Tt>4 121545.1 P.. .. 8 61000 ...*. « 67i'33 i.».2Q
JOIH «...J2 477!>5 . ...121M8M . ...'JO 61015 — l*J ■
4. '4-1. 40 47938.. .. 8 5*568 12 1 61323 ....40 68069' 4-2
41317 .... « 5493! . 12 61*92. ... Tj|6Bo*3 20
40*'.} .20.148230 .. 6 34966 .. * «1500 8. 68067...... 8
4»SIJ. _. 8 48264 * 12 ' ' ■ «1822 H16t11»6 40
4061» » 48260 v ..40 550.40 ....ill 61673 .-.12 68379 . 40
40648 I- 48343 8 M 275.. ..12 61*»3....,.12 ilB3Bt -..40
40659 .... «|454.« ....? 33390.*.... 8 61717... ..60 63393.-...?
40f.(tl .... B 4frt,l6 .40j5,".429 ..... -8 ! !7 4 1 .... €|«856J....«4<1
40807 12 4.5572 ....4(1 5545J . ...10 61901 ..loli*ißOB ... 12
40Aa0../...12 48617 . J'i/.MH If 61933. 20 f.6ii39 ... 8
■45136 . 11 3jS2!»..*'. 8- 6J978 —.20:68701 ... -ft
4lO9« 1 48645,.. 12166604 .....12 ■. J«^7(B .... P
41145 . ... 8|4Mn.....< 8W6532 ..-.SO 62L53 6575H . 8
41233 .. .li Uio?l7 12 53545 ..._2O 62203 .... S'f.S.-OS 20
41*6 . ...12 •• 55831...... 8 62409...... 6 ►,fSII/....40
41244 .20 « )loi*.. 8 -• «2448 ..-.12
412.T1 :,... 8 49279 « (6003 '._..\2 62598 .... 8 6!>108\.«. 8
«1470 .20 49.106 . .40 20|62153-.:-.U (tot l« 40
41557 12 4":iMI h. SBTMI 8 «2874 . .. 50 t9212 ......«0'
» •■ 493i75 ..... "20 < 46045 ....40 62897 1269293 8
M201»...._ 8 455.-2 ....Wiiogi -8 62927 € C 9399...- i
♦2133 8 41191 20 36099 ....60-1 ■ 69303 .....30
42378 12 4,9604 20 WtiO ..U2 CT0"71....i0 69,534 12
42791 20 49631 60 56753 12 63101 ft 656.13-..:, 8
42T92-.....40 49717 20 , :.fi:U6 ....:20 65132..'-.. 8 6963.1 -2(t
1 49T83 ....20;J546.V.".... 63170 ...eo 69701 ....12
43077 20 49798 6 36*57 ...40163206 .. .. 8 69712 fl- ■
43250 h *9365 ...ill ! 36569.:..-12 53122, }2 695K3- — 12
43:131 20 49870. 12 5«735 .8 : 6331* .. ...12JC9943 .... .8
AJi31,... 20 49954. .... 8 5683i;....C0 634«9 ... . 8 69952:.._,12
•'434?3 8 «-"JB3 8 >6938 .... i 6552J ....12 €9979-..
43638 13 66948 8M536... 8
4389} * iOOIS./.... 6 . • -63583 ._.. 8 70050-....110
«397& ....J2|500«6 40 37237 .....12 1 63494...:, 12 70154 8
43918 8'5>2.»0 12 37254 12 63607 20|70171 .. 8
43930 .... 8150233.'..... 8 r .72'<9 ..-40 »V>644 v . — S 70337 ...-40
«39»4...._ 8 60243 .... 8 37441 « 63667...«.20. 7OJSB 8
"150336 12 57447...:.. 8 63769 20] 70593...... 8
*4018.~.*.J2 50J64 40 57473 — .8 63M5 .«L'0«?8 . 12-
OCEAN TRA\ EL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
L^ Steamers leave Broadway
F^j_^ wharf. Pan Francisco:
BfiJ^Bba^ or Alaskan ports. 10 a, m,.
Kewnamk . June 5. 10. 15. 20. 25, 30; July 5.
■KsHna change at Seattle.
IsMW %«1 For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
fiHK^dflftl C). Port Townsend. Seattle.
r^^l^^JS^H Tacoma. Everett. Anacorte*
and New Whatcom (Wash.).
~~ 10 a. m.. June 6. 10, 15, 20. 25,
30; July 5, and every fifth day thereafter;
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N.
P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bav\ 2 p. m.. June
3. S. 13. IS, 23, 28; July 3, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cru«, Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayucoa,. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo),
Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Huenem«.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Ixis Angeles') and
Newport. 9 a. m., June 1. 5. 9. 13. 17. 21. 25, 29;
July 3. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Lots OhlFtio). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Ix3S Angeles). 11 a.
m.. June S. 7. 11. 15. 19, 23. 27; July 1. and every
fourth day thereafter. '
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Ouaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sallnjr
TICKET OFFIOK — 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Agts.,
in Market st . San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC * 12 First Class Including Berth*
I Hill. SS Second Cla«M and .Meals.
Columbia sails June 2. 12. 22; July 2. 12. 22.
State of California sails June 7. 17. 27; July
7. 17. 27.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butt«,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points Eeast.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALIi. PERKINS 4 CO..
Superintendent.
AMERICAN LINE,
FEW rOBK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDOH, PAEIV
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
New York.-.......May 31 New York Jnn» 21
St. Paul June 7 St. Paul June M
St. louts June 14 St. L0ui5... ...... July 5
RED STAR LINE,
•Yew York f»nrl Antwafn.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Kensington May 31 ISouthwark June 21
Noordland June " j U'esternland ...June M
Frieslnnd June 14 1 Kensington July i
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Ml;haol. Dawsoi City.
For full Information regarding freight and pas-
•". •■•:.*--•,• Base apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANT,
SO Montgomery at., or any of Ua agencies. ■
.■■..... ..,._,. . . .
rrl<:....sS 78371.. 1 «53(..3.....i.-|9K3»-..»»
UTU .1 > 78557..... 20 Ho- 85364 92745 2»
7«33 , 7?7C5 12 --'" 8200 9276«.._.. 8
:•-.',- .. 20 No. 86483 92502 12
11063. 12 7t»U » $1,000
IIIJT. . 8 78956 ....12 83690 S No. ! 93282
11206 . . 12 74980 :i • ■ I 8800
71243 8 860JC. 40 93404 >
71231,.....12 79001 .. . 8 860411.. .T. B[»3-t36 4
71430; 8 75*030 .. 8 85054....-20 »3+41 8
71433- ...... 12 79082 12 *6065:. 20*3472 49
71660 . D 79176 8 56043 I »3585.._ I-'
71379. ...60 79203 _ 8 86334. 20 93<;i5 28
•■■ 12 79266 ....12 86287.. .. 20 I •<'• -60 i
7160* .. 8 73534 12 86318 40 93811 8!
TISU7 12 7977*. ... 8 86339 12 1 33886 8'
71871. ...CO 79024 20 86443 8 0J3C1...... 6
"901 12 96486 20 - I
71984 20 80009 8 66633 6 94:114 It
"1933 20 800*5 12 56723 .8 !>4522...._ 8
»ul4l 8 749 ... 40 94533 8
'2036 8 80196 .;0'66750 20 94696 ...ir 1
72171) - j 9030J .12 SW»S2.. .. 8 94749 li ,
72217 20 80344 ... .- 1 9691 . .60 TM34O 10 ■
I'lfO '2|SOW.'. 12 1 46930 40 94983. 8/
725 » 20|M«69 12 . 94990,._..40/
•; 61J -■•:-' 8,87118 8 !
I2ti -1 ...20 -1450 12 87238 12 95C52 8
■ '2601 eUOiJI 7459 - 8 95114 8
'*»* S 50542: e|6750» 12 85265 8
]S».-.50 ft,f!K2 8 95389 8
WOio 8 SoB<3 6 d 7677 J2 93637 20
72171 13isO-7.-» .?js79ai.. .. 6 JSIH2 .. 8
7ft314 .... 12150878 'iii'.ST.W 8 959CT ...it
13453 8 80872 iJO ■ 95W7 M
846 C .....40 80873 8;e5C43._... Si '
: '- i *"' 8j (55129..._ - 96144 IS
7i6s'J ./... 8 i SlOO4 .. ..12 : g.^lwa _ 4 ''C 29' IS*
731iG....;.12 MIIC. .. s mIM:.;~12 whs. " A i
73580 20i8r.'i0 J v*>M:.. ->0 W337 . 1
'390- I>j 01401 40;t!-'£20 3 W3S4 ... 8
73947 SliH<2i g 5.-472 8 5M14 ...IS •
♦34«8 Bi! ! t4Ss H (4: L•• i'l 40
73381 .. .IS i 6t7<nj 2j ES«:> M r >«4 ■. ... 8
81793..^rc 5«.25. ... E lnfill 8
74^29. .. -8 81516._...U;!ii> 1 ,L3 ..2o|ao7>)o . 8
-7«42<a...JJ . ' I t715 .... S [,19 12
7444: . 20 -- iOl 12 883 M 565.-... 8
71057".*.12!ww« ..... "dj "' •97041 »«
71..-: .| -:-. i . . oj •>
. , ' " 42241 :».|s7o:6. JJ- 5; 1i f,^:r.!12 » >
75:6-!.-..... -.-<-*■ 12|Wi80.."..^o''j7I-.7 .20 I 1
75201 .....20 52i4\.....12 i-93«r.....v»!57153 . 8 '
r : '. - 82463 12 VJ43I P',9724.-, . 12
Uo. 1&326 Be«S3 . .. 8|t913^..,.-. Fi97i3*. 12,
■$200 132720 8 59»95 5 3
T5375 . ..Ot 82817 . 40 &9nv3 12 :i76u2 ; »
73537 20 82^2iJ. 2ff 1M 1.1 ....". b : j7'..29 2»
7557S 20162930.:... 8 bS«< 8 »7«85 .■)
7i74r..._40 ?21tS./.... S P9>sik. 401i)7774 \l
Tsbl4 40' 82970 .f< eniSs B!'j7hs6 8
10590.— 1; 2978 -12 SOSia. 6 97554 .13
7E002" ...-20- 333.15......12 804 - ?0 20 *0K 12
76(K« .-4.. S-V;i6..".... fc 308!^... ...20 'j>0»» -8
' 76031 ....20 83*08..*.. 8 9ti?M- Aj 98U1.u..; 8
76041 . . -;-.:.■■ .... 6 95123 - 3
•;615t :i2|B37iio 12 1910 8 95201 IS-
Ho 76160 52757 2y 91183 12 9e277_..:. *•
$200 M«-2»....r.12 No. .91265 5a3iV....a4
1«80 12.839-2 ■ 201 ill, 1)00 • 12....- 8-
-76423 •..i2i r9J3H 8 ...-I •..'.. 8
76428.:... 8 84063 8 9-W.iO. 8 93431. ;8
7CC3I . 8 84113 12 9iitr. S 95330..._.2»
re 688.._.. 8 64316 12 91791...... H 95742.._..1|
7«93 ...12 54570 ....60 3182-1.!.... Bj^^S2s 8
(-»-- 8 43(>0 12 9184.'1.. B}'9iJB2B 12
77031... .40 84699 .40 91870 20 98859 — ■>•{
17037.-.. -8 61729 8 91833 8 . {
-77049 v .... 864835 40 91933: 12 99341 „' •
v .20 64832."..;..t0 - . 99332... .49 '
77569 ...40!tv4fctSC 8 jJOiS— I2 99416 — 411 ; •
77452.:....12 4-.' I a .... 40 82106 12 9J458 -8 ■
77615,.,._ 8 84920...'— 30 92200 2u 99583......20
17683.'..... 12 ■ . 92212-. 40 99641 12
T7920...--.12 85053 8 92269 13 19665 8 ;
• 85076 ...li 92330 . .." 8 j J9731 ... 8 !
78077 . .12 6W190 12f 92339 J2 1W64 B.
jaaia^.-H) b0i37..^..20K)2*50....-20 U9*"3B 30 1
x " ' l "W*7— S_
APPROXIMATION PRIZI
100 numbers from 91,215 to. 91,315 inclusive, be-
ing SO numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of $13,000. $20.
100 numbers from 26,868 to "J6,'j6S inclusive, be-
ing 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of 14000, $12.
100 numbers from 54,155 to M,2sr> inclusive, be-
inp 50 numbers on each Fide of the number
drawing the capital prize of 12000. 18.
TERMINAL, PRIZES.
999 numbers ending with 65, being the two
last figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of Sla.fOO, S».
999 numbers ending with 18, being the two
last figures of the number drawing the second
capital prize of $4000, $4.
The subscribers having supervised the single-
number drawing. Class "I." of the Canadian
Royal Art Union, Limited, hereby certify that
the above are the numbers which were this day
drawn from the 100,000 placed in the wheel,
with the prizes corresponding to them.
Witness our hands at Montreal, this Wednes-
day, May 31, ISM.
N. PERODEATJ,
(Member of the Legislative Council of the
Province of Quebec).
HILAIRE HITRTEAT-
(Ex-M. P.)
Commissioners.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
TOYO KISEN KAISfII
STEAMERS WILt, LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 n m tar
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
f India, etc. No cargo received on board on da»
of sailing. "
j NIPPON MARU Tuesday. June 27
; AMERICA MARU Saturday. July 21
HONGKONG MARU Thursday. August 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market st., corner First
j W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
ANCHOR LIINE
United States Moil Steamships }
Sail from New York Every Saturday for*
Glasgow, via Londonderry.
Saloon Passage, $50 and upward.
Second Cabin
City of Rome. $<{.V Other Steamers. 930.
Steerage Passage
Rome. $25.50. Furnessia. $24.50. Otbes
Strs., #23.50.
For Book of Tours and information apolr to
HENDERSON BROTHERS, *
General Agents, 7 Bowling Green, New ''ork-
Or J. F. FUG AM. 5 Montgomery st
Or L. F. COCKROFT. 114 Montgomery si.
Or R. R. RITCHIE. 2 «Tew Montgomery st.
SAN FRANCISCO.
PNsPHllltfl S - S - Alampda saila
jIHIIIL v!a Honolulu and
•£"■■■"" Auckland for Sydney
Jrj ji »^ Wednesday, June 14.
diS I* A at 10 !>• m -
>JWir^n|nJ The S. S. Australia
CyltaillJlllU'-' pans for Honolulu
«Smß7ir7U — Wednesday, June 28,
V^uifjUliq at 2 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa, New Zealand, Australia, India, Suez.
England, etc.; $610 first class.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 32 7 Market St.
COMPAGNIE QENERALE TRANBATLANTIQOE.
- DIRECT LINE to HAVRE- PARIS. f -rt,~nr
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. OtiiA-S
from Pier 42, North River, foot of «=■««?«■.
Morton Bt. LA CHAMPAGNE. June 10; LA
BRETAGNE, June 17; LA TOURAINE. June
24- LA GASCOGNE. July 1: LA NORMANDIE.
July 8. First-class to Havre. 565 and upward.
6 per cent reduction on round trip. Second-class?
to Havre, $43, 10 tier cent reduction on round
trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED
STATES AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green.
New York. J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery aye.. San Francisco.
BAY AND EIVER STEAMERS.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS. ,
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN L
Will leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a. m. -M
daily returning from Stockton at 6 p. m.
dally (Saturday ercepted). Regular steamers
leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m.
dally (excepting Sunday).
X CALIFORNIA NAY. AND. IMP. CO.
Telephone Main 805.
FOR I). S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJD.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m.. 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. m., %
p. m. Landing and office, Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508. : -v
FARE 600
POhleke»ter>s En*LUh Diamond Brand. ;-i
ENNYROVAL PILLS
HSjT^V Original mod Only Genuine. A
rf'ifJtv^ 5* FE * "^""C reU»blc LaoiCbutaV
■ DCjOE i 1)r '"'«'»t ferT3Mefc«««r « EnglitS !>-*.. SeFL\
fr*' a!? *&fXS m ™<l Brand in lied »ud <J-Ad meul!io\V^
CV -Ofifjtioiei, Bciied -with blao ribbon. Take VEr
7tl W4 ¥Vvtno other. Refute dangerm.) rubstitu- V
I / ~ fS Hint and imitations. At DrafgiaM, or mi 4a>
I•" * ~4f in Btamps to * partlculari. tettimootall ««4
\w* o'* li«llof tor Ladle*." in letirr. br retorSi
■A. XT Mall. 10,000 Tutimoniils. Kane Paper.
feW kT til LocH Orugglsti. PIIIL A '>A- VX
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
Paris, J. ESPIO ; New York, E. FOCGESA & CO.
SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS. '
'DTITTriTJ'CG FOR BARBERS. BAK- I
Dri U rs - bootblacks, bath- '
***■■■ ** ***•"■ ***' houses, billiard tables.
brewers bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers, Hourmills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories.
> stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, eto,
BUCHANAN BROS..
Erush Manufacturer* 609 Secramontd 34STEADILY GROWS THE FUND
FOR THE DEWEY MONUMENT
The Handsome Souvenir Certificate That Is
Being Prepared for Subscribers.
SINCE the meeting of the
Dewey monument committee
last Friday afternoon there
hns be^n turned over to ex-
Mayor E. B. Pond, the treas
urer, several thousand dollars
additional subscriptions, and every
member of the committee is still at
work with unabated enthusiasm. The
fund is growing day by day more rap
idly even than the most ardent sv.p
porters of the movement had hoped
for, but there still remains a large
sum to collect before the ideas of the
committee can be put into effect. It
is against the policy of the members
to announce the exact amount of sub
scriptions except at the regular meet
ings: consequently the total on hand
will not be known till next Friday,
when the committee meets again, but
from the way in which communica
tions have been pouring in from all
parts of the State it is quite evident
that the count ry. as well as the city,
has been aroused to prompt action and
is making speedy returns of its pa
triotic offerings.
Probably the most appreciated com
munication so far received from out
side the State is the message to Mayor
Phelan from John Barrett, ex-Minister
to Siam, who has recently returned
home after having spent several
months with Admiral Dewey during
the most critical period in the Philip
pines. Mr. Barrett is on the most in
timate terms with the "hero of Ma
nila" and probably understands and
appreciates the admiral's feelings as
well as any man in the country. Al
though the message was printed in
Boiler Makers Libeled. ,
- iii was filed in the I nited j
• yesterday afternoon !
,% < ;• Doe, Henry Mohr and others, as i
®t®+® ♦ ®+® + ©*•>*•>+ ®XSH® -f®^®-f® +®+ ®>®-f®>®-f®-f®>®-f®>®^®
.:. CURED ! CURED! CURED!!
I !
® From All Parts of California Come Grate- I
| *ul Letters Telling of Cures by Dr. f
| McLaughlin's Electric Belt. |
® §
® • ' ///'» 1
% . ®
| IT IS NATURE'S OWN REMEDY |
+ Whatever the cause, or wherever it lies; Dr. McLaughlln's Electric 4-
® Belt will follow the course of pains and weaknesses and find the seat of the <V
* trouble. Then it will drive it out of the body for good. Electricity, in
+ Its subtle way, strengthens the circulation, adds to the vital force and (#
(ij removes the cause of all pains and aches from the body. Dr. McLaugh- 4
•♦■ Hn's Belt is the most perfect means of applying it. ®
I LATE CURES. f
® Cured Rheumatism and Weakness. 4
r • tfiWt May *>, 1899. ®
W DR. M. A. McLAUGULIN— Dear Sir: Having received so much benefit from your ♦
+ Belt. I wish to hand you this statement for the purpose of helping others suffering as /^
/j) I was, from Rheumatism and Weakness. I am over 74 years of ace and have been V
V troubled with these complaints over thirty years. I have been cured by your Belt after T
A two months us» of It. and had tried most everything in existence before I got relief. [ V
y I can truthfully say that I have received a permanent cure. My back Is strong, my T
-♦■ health better and have improved wonderfully in every way. I consider when your ®
fV) Belt can cause such a change, that it is worthy of the highest praise, and I take great -f
X pleasure In being able to send you this statement. Very (tratefully, A
0 CAPTAIN J. W. JOHNSTON. Redlands, Cal. V
+ General Weakness Cured. ®
® RIERRAVILLK. Cal.. May 15, 1899. X
"♦" DR. M. A; MCLAUGHLIN: Since commencing the use of your Belt I have noticed
0 a gradual Improvement, and can to-day say that lam completely cured and heartier ♦
+ «nd stronger than I have been for years; In fact. I feel like a new person and judging: (•)
(V) from my experience with your Belt, believe It will do all you claim. I have advised X-
V several parties up here to try your Belt, and they have done so with success Tours <Z)
A very truly. ALFRED S. HAMLIN. ; '4
4. Varicocele and Weakness Cured. ®
® AUBURN, Cal., May 2.">. Ut99 4
a. DR. M. A. MCLAUGHLIN: I have been a sufferer for ten years with Varlcocele ®
(V, and Weakness. After wearing your Belt for about ten weeks lam pleased to say that jt
. the weakness has entirely disappeared and .that the Varicose Veins have been reduced T
X to their natural size. I will always recommend your Belt, and words cannot express V
my Rratefulness to you for the benefit I have received. Wishing you all th« success X
"*" that I possibly can, I remain yours very truly, LOUIS FOSCALINA. ®
|, Call or Send for "Three Classes of Men." |
(T Let me show you this wonderful life-giver. Let me explain to you 4,
+. how it is superior to every other known method of treating disease. T.
Let me give you the benefit of my twenty years' experience and study
•< in cases like yours. My advice is free. 1 will make a thorough exam- (?)
[nation and tell you honestly whether or not you can be cured. If I -say 4
you can, and if you will give your case into my hands, I will cure you. ®
(> I give you the evidence of 10,000 people to prove this.. IF YOU* CANNOT ♦
-*■ CALL SEND FOR MY BOOK, "Three Classes of Men." devoted to the ®
(•*' weaknesses of men; tells the cause of early decay in young and middle- ♦
7- aged men. It shows how Electricity, properly applied, will restore this ®
y^ Dower and gives the proof. It is free upon application. Call or ad- *
+ dress ®
® TV Tiff A Tl/if^T «,,™IJ; M 702 Mar'tit St., cor. Ke*rny. 8. F. ; X
I Dr. M, A. luCLaugnlin, 5» rdis L k OB B 2° n *;j e ~-- sprmg &nd Beeoad f
t) Office Hours— B a.m. to 8:30 p.m.; Sundays. 30 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUGSTORES. ®
last Monday's Call, it is given again
•13 folloT.-s:
NEW YORK. June 3. 1899.
Mayor Ph.elan, Fan Francisco: (Subscribe
US for the Dewey monument. San Fran
cisco and MorUDeMer. his native town,
have t.ie iden! conception for honoring
h'.n anil perpetuating '.lid memory.
Knowing the admiral's character well
from loss acquaintance st Manila, I am
sure tha monument will pleas? him more
than any house funds or hundred-dollar-a
plate dinners. JOHN BARRETT.
The members of the committee,
knowing of the friendship existing be
tween Admiral Dewey and Mr. Bar
rett, regard this telegram as the high
est possible indorsement of the pro
ject they have in charge. Moreover,
now that it has become so thor
oughly advertised throughout the
Fast and all eyes are turned to
ward California to see what the Gold
en State will do to honor Dewey,
when their own plan to give him a
house seems to be making little or no
progress, the local oommitteemen feel
additional pride and responsibility in
the success. California must not fail
to meet the expectations of the East,
for the statement has been spread
broadcast over the land that the mon
ument to the American navy and Ad
miral Dewey to be erected by Califor
nia is an assured success, and that
$100,000 will soon be raised for the pur
pose. The monument is an assured
success, but the committee is work-
Ing against time. It is the hope of the
members to have it ready for unveil
ing on next Dewey day, only eleven
owners of the stea.me.r Wee.ott. against
the Springfield Boiler Manufacturing
Company, to recover $11,000 damages for
failure to properly execute a contract to
put boilers In the vessel.
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, -WEDNESDAY, JUNE 7, 1899.
months distant, and the mnvpmcnt Is
only fairly started. Fully half of the
amount necessary remains to be col
lected, plans must be drawn, sub
mitted and approved, the great shaft
carved into shape, the site selected,
foundation prepared, and a hundred
and one other things accomplished in
i Captain Fletcher, tho secretary, is
that brief period.
more perplexed about the souvenir
certificate to subscribrs than any
thing else at present. This has been
greatly hindered, but the design Is
now in the hands of the lithographers
and will soon be ready for distribu
tion. That it is a beauty can be seen
from the accompanying reproduction.
This delay, however, ought not to In
terfere with the sending in of sub
scriptions, for Captain Fletcher keeps
careful record of every subscriber, no
matter how small the amount, and
just a-s soon :is the certificates are
completed they will be sent tn ( very
contributor.
The glorious Fourth of July is near
at hand. Lei < 'alifornians make it the
occasion of announcing to tho world
that the la.st preliminary to the Dewey
statue has been completed. This
includes the raising of the fund. Even
though you may reside in San Diego,
or Mono, or Truckee, or Suaanville, or
Sisldyou, or Fureka. you are as vi
tally interested in the success of this
monument as though you were a resi
dent of San Francisco, and should aid
it to the best of your ability. This you
will do heyond doubt, but the thing is
to act at once.
POLYTECHNIC SCHOOL
INDUSTRIAL EXHIBIT
IS NOW OPEN TO THE PUBLIC
ON BUSH STREET.
The Handiwork of Pupils in Wood,
Iron, Clay Modeling and
Machinery.
The industrial exhibit of the Polytechnic
High School at the corner of Rush aril
Stockton streets is attracting much at
: tentlon. The exhibit is open to the public
I from 1:30 to 4:30 o'clock p. m., and con
| sists of specimens of the pupils' handi
work in manual training, machine, wood.
Iron and carpenter work, pen and ink
drawing, wood carving and free hand
drawing.
The exhibit reflects great credit on Prin
cipal W. N. Bush and his able corps of
assistants, who are engaged in affording
young people a practical education which
will materially aid them in the strugglr-s
of life. Miss Van Vleck ha? chargo of thr
girls' department, and some highly credit
able clay modeling from photographs and
life are presented by Mif!s F. Cools Mis
, M. Stahlberg. Miss B. Hove, Miss L. Mur
j dock and Miss M. Worthington.
In wood carving Miss A. Wainwright
; exhibits a music cabinet. Miss A. Statham
a piano bench. Miss B. Houghton a chest
Miss G. Unger a chair. Miss N. Johns a
I center table, Miss Rope Tahen a corner
| seat. Miss B. Kosminsky a shelf and Miss
C. Sharp a china shelf.
Among thp pen and ink workers are
Miss M. Lindley, Miss D. Fulton. Miss T.
Coombs, Miss A. Worthlngton; wash work
by Miss 1,. Murdock and Misses A. and B.
Boye; red crayon work. Misses Lindley,
Fulton, Statham and Murdock; ironwork,
Misses Wainwright. Moffatt and Levy.
Professor F. A. Gardner Ip thf> head of
the department which includes turning,
pattern-making, jointing and woodwork.
Among his pupils who have distinguished
I themselves are George Freud^nbcrg Fred
i Ommert, Leo Korbel and Percy Myers.
The machine and iron department, which
is directed by Professor Eugene Oarneglia,
has some fine exhibits. Julius Bae> shows
some dpntal machinery and \V. Buckley.
E. Stewart and E. Bannerot have con
st meted machinery of a high order of
merit.
WARD, THE HUMAN BRUTE.
He Pleads Guilty to Battery Upon
His Wife and Will Be Sen
tenced To-Day.
5 Dennis Ward, the longshoreman who so
► brutally kicked his wife last Sunday
5 night, endangering her life, appeared be
► fore Judge Graham yesterday to answer
D the charge of battery against him. He
► pleaded guilty, making the excuse that he
was drunk at the time and did not know
► what he was doing. The Judge ordered
1 him to appear for sentence this morning,
► and he will get the full limit the law
;- allows.
V The police regret that a more serious
I ' charge could not be made against Ward.
! as farts have come to light showing that
' ; his conduct in the past to his wife was
; i more than brutal. Two years ago she
*■ nearly died from his horrible treatment
'' and her babe was stillborn. He seemed
" to take a fiendish delight in knocking her
P "down and kicking her when she was in a
► delicate condition.
Knocked Down by a Wagon.
John Murphy, an old man living at fi7s
Mission street, was crossing Mission street
at Third yesterday afternoon when
he was knocked down by a wagon
'■ ;md the wheels passed over his
I left leg. breaking both bones. He
! was taken to the Receiving Hospital.
1 Thomas F. Norman, a teamster for the
Pacific Transfer Company, the driver of
the wagon, was arrested and hooked on a
charge of battery, and was released on
bonds. Nnonan said that the old man
dropped a knife while crossing the street
! and stopped to pick it up. While :loinn;
bo Noonan drove from behind a truck
i and his team was upon the old man be
fore he could pull up.
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh street, corner Mission. Salt
water direct from ocean. ■ V"7^' '.': -v
EMIL SAUER AND THE PIANOLA
THE GREAT VIBTTJOSO PREDICTS
A FUITJRE FOR THE AGE
END PIANO PLAYER.
The Famous Pianist Visits the Ware
rooms of the Aeolian Company
to Hear the Pianola.
Mr. Saver, accompanied by Mr. Ernest
Knabe. Mr. William Knabe and Mr. Vic
tor Thrane. after listening to and playing
the Pianola, submitted to an interview
which is accurately reported as follows:
"It is really wonderful. I can freely say
the Pianola gives me more pleasure than
I have had from thousands of so-called
treats of pianistic effort.
"I have heard a great many musical in
ventions, but the Pianola is the first
•which has a reason for existing.
"It is sure to have a future. This is my
candid opinion. You know an artist often
has to assist a struggling brother with
words of praise a little exaggerated, but
in this case it is different. When I say
that the Pianola has a musical future I
am talking about, something I really be
lieve in.
"It plays 'La Campanella' of Liszt, and
other pieces which call primarily for tech
nical evenness, in really good style and
with a technique fairly astonishing. No
pianist could approach it.
"Of course in romantic or sentimental
music, in what I should call erotic music.
It must be less satisfactory, as the per
sonality or individuality of the player
counts for so much more in music of this
class.
"As I say. it will have a musical future.
I want you to send one to my home in
Dresden." Here is a card which gives ray
address: Hahnelstrasse 8, Dresden. Ger
many. As soon as it arrives I shall give
a reception to all the best musical people.
No musician can help admiring It."
Do won think there is anything to be
said about its usefulness to musicians and
composers and for musical purposes gen
erally?
"I certainly do think there is a great
deal to be said. Why. it will be of prac
, tical service to me. and I fully intend to
employ it in that way. You see. I often
have to practice a piece for two weeks
a.nd get it well under my hands before 1
can tell whether or not I can create an ;
effect with it. Sometimes I find that no
satisfactory effect can be produced, and
so lose my time and labor. For it is la- .
bor. Now. the Pianola would tell me this
In two minutes." \ ■-;-;-
Mr Saver was much pleased with the
rendition of his 'Am Bache." but com
plained that the "Espenlaub 1 could not
be played rapidly enough. It was then
tried oh another instrument with a faster
j motor and played at correct tempo.
"I wish you would cut my 'Murmures
de Vent ' '' added Mr. Saver. "and also
my Galop de Concert.' They ought to be
lust the things to be effective. You also
might to have Balaklrew's Oriental fan
tasJe 'Islamel.' It is a horribly difficult
work, but the Pianola would play it beau
-1 tifully ."
Mr" Saver was asked what he thought
ibout the usefulness of the instrument to
;omposeps.
"I can see how your Instrument must
aid the cause of the composer." he re
plied "In disseminating a knowledge of
hie music. As It is now, hundreds. of mer
itorious compositions cannot get a hear
ing, consequently no one knows anything
jibout them. Some of these pieces get one
hearing. But that is not enough. Real
music to be appreciated must be heard
again and again."
Before leaving Mr. Saver expressed his
appreciation again, congratulating the
company for having produced the first
successful musical invention, and added,
humorously. "You American inventors
will kill our profession. The artists of the
future will have a hard time of It. In ten
years there will be no more virtuosi. No
player can do what that Instrument has
just done. It is not possible."
On Sunday afternoon a representative
of the Aeolian Company played for Mr.
Bauer in his rooms at the Hotel Savoy
and strengthened the impressions of th©
previous day.
Statement of Emil Saver:
"I have examined all the pages of this
article with care. With some alterations
in the order of the statements, It agre«3
with my recollection of the interview. At
any rate it expresses my views with ac
curacy." (Signed) EMIL SAUER.
New York. May 22. 1599.
The Pianola is for sale by the agents,
Kohler & Chase. 2S and 30 O'Farrell
street. • ;', fi.: m -t
WEDDED AMID
FAIR BLOSSOMS
Dr. W. R. Cluness Jr.
United to Miss Ethel
Creagh.
A beautiful wedding ceremony was per
fornaed in this city yesterday afternoon
nt the residence of J. I. Martin, 5346
Washington Btreet. The contracting
parties were Dr. William R. Clunesa Jr.
and Miss Kthel Creagh, daughter of Mrs.
J. P. Martin, well known in San Francisco
society. The ceremony was performed at
1 o'clock and was witnessed only hy rela
tives ami Intimate friends of the family.
A reception followed from 2 until 4 o'clock,
at which the young and happy couple re
ceived the congratulations of over v*o
friends.
Rev. Dr. Shaw of St. Luke's officiated.
The couple stood under a bower of pink
and white roses and spoke the words
which made them man and wife. The
house was a veritable bower of flowers,
Intensified In beauty by the soft rays of
crystal lights. The bride was attired in
a handsome gown of white satin and
moussellne de soie. Her ornaments were
diamonds. She was given away by her
mother. Mrs. J. P. Martin, who wore
pray moire, spangled and hand embroid
ered. Miss Mabel Cluness, who acted as
maid of honor, wore white crepe over pink
taffeta. Crushed pink roses formed a
pretty trimming. William Douglass of
Sacramento was best man. George Gibbs
and William Wood acted as ushers.
After the ceremony many friends from
San Jose atid Sacramento as well as from
this city wore received by the newly
wedd<-d pair. At fi o'clock last evening
Mr. and Mrs. T'luness departed for South
ern California, where they will apeni
their honeymoon. The wedding presents
were many and elaborate and included a
large amount of silver and crystal. The
father of the groom presented a check for
a handsome sum, and an elegant watch
war- the gift of the groom to the bride.
Roth the young people are well known
in this city and have hosts of friends. The
groom is a practicing physician, with of
fices on Sutter street.
Dpnr Madam: "Pegamoid says <*omp'
You're welcome, Chronicle building. No. 61.
ARGENTINE TRAINING SHIP PRESIDENTE SARMIENTO,
AN ARGENTINE
TRAINING SHIP
REACHES PORT
First Visit of the Re
public's Flag.
THE W. H. DIMOND IN A GALE
VESSELS TO LEAVE FOR MEXI
CAN PLACER MINES.
Steamer Homer Sails With Gold-
Hunters for Cape Norne — Battle
ship lowa Leaves for Port
Orchard.
The training' ship Presidente Sarmienlo,
li longing to thf Argentine Republic, ar
rived in port yesterday, twenty-nine days
from Acapulco. She is commanded .by
*';:pta!;i Betbeder, has ten officers, forty
midshipmen and 358 men. The Sarmifiito
entered port shortly after 12 m.. and was
boarded by the Federal quarantine officer.
Dr. Brooks. That ofliclal made a most
thorough examination of the warship and
kept h^r in the quarantine grounds fur
two and one-half hours. Consul W. V.
Loalza of the Argentine Confederation,
and Consul Estenos of Peru, who were on
the tug AWt. were unable to gro aboard
owing to the doctor'.^ orders.
Consul Loaiza expressed much indlgna
tion as to the length and carefulness of
the quarantine inspei tion, and thinks it
was extremely discourteous on the part
Of Or. Brooks to subject a warship to the
snitii' scrutiny that ie would a coasting
schooner which carries no medical man.
The war vessel will stay here ten days,
then go to Honolulu and thence around
the world. She is well equipped and her
arms are of the latest invention.
The barkentine \V. H. Pimonrl, which
arrived frnm Honolulu yesterday, had a
very rough time of it on the night of
June i. A heavy sale was encountered,
and tli" vessel was hove to. At 6:30 p. m.
a heavy sea struck ihe Dimond on the
port side near the fore rigging. Tt broke
aboard carrying the bulwarks with it and
smashed in the forward house. Three of
the sailors on watch below were washed
into the scuppers and got a number of
nasty cuts from the boxes and lumber
that was floating around the deck. The
gale then subdued and the Dimond
reached port without further incident.
The rush to the Sierra Plntada placer
gold mires from San Francisco promises
t" he large. The Pacific Coast Steamship
Company will dispatch to-day to Lower
California the Curacao, which is loaded
down with freight and has a large number
(" ■;' passengers for the gold fields.
Among the many who have been seized
with a severe attack of the Lower Cali
f< rnia gold fever is Matthew Martin, who
vi sterday purchased the gasoline schoon
er Jennie ftriffen and will shortly sail her
to San Diego. He will take a large outfit
with him and is prepared to thoroughly
exploit the new gold fields.
The Fourth of July will be duly cele
brated on the water front by a series of
aquatic exhibitions. Among the events
is ro be a rare of Whitehall boats, for
which there are twenty-five entries. Thir
t> Italian fishermen will enter their boats.
There will also be a barge race, but the
prettiest of all these trials will be the
single scull races. Percy Henderson is
'.<r. the regatta committee, while Fred
Raabe is on that of music.
The steamer Homer, operated by the
Alaska Exploration Company, left for
Cape Nome, via St. Michaels, yesterday.
She had a good passenger list.
The battleship Inw« will leave tn-day
for Port Orchard, to go on the Govern
ment drydock. She will remain in the
north for a month and will then return
tc this port for ammunition and stores.
A LEGAL VICTORY.
California Fig Syrup Company Wins
Its Suit.
In the T'nited States Circuit Court
J yesterday a decision of more than pass
• ing interest was rendered by Judge
Morrow in the case of the California
Fig Syrup Company vs. C. E. Worden
& Co. Stilt was brought to restrain the
defendants from manufacturing and
selling a laxative medicine under the
name of "Syrup of Figs" or "Fig
Syrup."
The decision favored the plaintiff and
j enjoins the defendants from using the
'■ names "Syrup of Figs" or "Fig Syrup"
i and orders an accounting rendered of
I sales made of those imitations in order
to ascertain the extent of injury done
; plaintiffs and amount of damage sus
! tamed by them.
Catholic Church and the Bible.
The usual monthly exercises of the
| Catholic Truth Society will he held this
I evening in St. Mary's Cathedral at 8
I o'clock. A lecture on "The Catholic
Church and the Bible" will be delivered.
Tlif nature of the Scriptures, according to
1 the Catholic idea, their interpretation and
! inspiration will be explained. Members
i and friends of the Truth Society are par
; ticularly requested to be present. An in
vitation is extended to all who may be
interested in the subject of the lecture.
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce have been granted
Susannah H. Pontoppidan from Hans P.
J. Pontoppidan on the ground of deser
tion, and Leona V. Wonders from B. H.
Wonders on the ground of failure to pro
vide.
Suits for divorce have been filed by
Jeanette D. Thornton against Harry M.
Thornton, for desertion, and Mattle Bush
against Joseph Bush for cruelty.
THE EMPORIUM.
* :* ' -n , 4 .. VMS 'ffllD^^lß I^JI 7t; '• Ham-
.<j:!-.';-.!.'^,ui' IflL PUI"» 7^"^Bl IH9 woe-is J«<i t
» *'/■"■'• CAu/r»n^ L4PG£5r->dMf RICA* grandest STORE. are on 3 i fioor ' «
\ . ', This is bj far the best offering of «
± Wednesday Special up-to-date Wash Fabrics that has *
* Sale Wash Goods* been mnie thls season - Get first J
pick this morning. ♦
* Homespun Suitings, plain and fancy weaves, good in quality and the «
9, latest styles; printed check Covert Suitings; odd lots' fine Printed *
* Dimities; and good styles in the best Percales that are made; values *
» ranging from 12.c to 15c the yard; to go to-day only at 7\c ♦
«w ' . _^ *
I Remnants Braids $$?:™:s™£. \
I at Half Price. %L&. '" I
* All remnants of Braids and Dress Trimmings — wash braids, wool £
'* braids, mohair gimps, spangled goods in black and colors, etc., etc.; ♦
* lengths from Ito 4 yards, that have been selling from 10c to $5 J
* the yard ; reduced for to-day only to. . half regular prices «
: ■.:•■■.; ♦
* Ladles' The big store has never' Carrlaue Hi// Price To-day %
£ cffered a belter shoe (Wednesday) only «
» Shoes* bargain than this. ParaSOlS assortments hrge J
? Ladies' Black Vici Kid fl Our entire " ♦
* 'lll' 'Hl'ii Lace Shoe , fancy silk |jg> stock of La- ♦
* r^i^^^ dotted cloth tops, new ■ < 3S3^ dies' Colored "^
* {'•'■'"^'E co ' n toes ' P atent l'-ather X^^^3E i iS^j^x^Nw Carriage J
>• r.'«**jp tip?, sewed flexible soles, i 4&jry~ ff/} }y v^asil' Parasols, T,
* [■.'•'•..'®i strictly a high grade, jaS&^Z^S'S^S^fSraii^^ trimmfd and *
* /'■':'.••■ '!fgk dressy, serviceable '*^^^| -**§' untrimmsd.
«r fx.'-' : '^k walking shoe, in f On special #
m vj^' I '.'''^ all sizes, sold reg- j sale to-day at "#
* 'xjfcj^jlk ular!v at $2 - £0 ''^^©'OB^Vr^-..*
Ik \ -its. pair; special Wed- ular pnets H
* s =sa a _J^s>, r.eaday only $1.50 Par? 5015... 75c $ 3 .00 Para sols. $1.50 II
» -**«,-- ; $2.00 Paraso 5.*1.00 $3.50 Parasols.sl.7s «
* $2.50 $4.50 Parasols.s2.2s «
■• Negligee The price for Wed- — J
* nesdav onlv(iBc)is <&^. a , ~ A «
* ShlrtS* a bbuthalfre^alUi Sa^Or^2^C7p^ *
{50 dozen Men's ' Xegli- Cs P*« ( Wednesday yOnlv. J
X gee or Working Shifts, ! |! '|K^§ , — -^ *
» the guaranteed "Sun- ||T^^lk^P Children's Crash s^ s^ «
S» set" m^ke, on special !^|"T^V and Du'k Sailor (L^_^ j=-^«r>& 2
* sale to-day vat tie \ j||| j \\\Y\ | Ca P s - with de- ~^^^ 2
* price; these are the j■, j i i |l ] i achab'.e band?. V te^ M-M- 2
* best bargain* ever iJ| [ &! ! an excellent Outini Cap ior me little
? given in this line for Ii j 111 i one 3: when soi'ed they can b3 washed «♦
? the money, You can !,{ ! I j and put in shape again, all sizes, regu- *
I get nothing better for i| |jj I ,ji \ \ 'arly 25c— to-day only 19c ♦
» a working shirt, fcr \,, , 1| ' J
♦> "camping out," hunting ' j , i I M J
| :u r i^ he The°v U w^ P p"r: I I ' « .. Fishing Mo Ever J
* fectlvanlareneatandOJllMiillllLl < Outfit ~ ° f * ♦
£ genteel in appearance. P ' VUWWtWm hood, Com- #
)\ This same material made up a little I plele out Outfit for y ic? <#
* "v Weller '!, would make the , shirts cost Tais angler's outfit consists of a *
J about a dol ar. They are B pleni,d value 9 jlintel rod (3 pieces) , ♦
at boc ■ douole-ferrulei and lance tip, a
* .To-day only all s.zes at the hitherto x ent ree m dozen snelled ?
J unheard-of price 380 '^^ j box . Bp . 5 * shot . 45 feet «
i racer v These Special Bir- y linen line, 2 trout flies and i J
* W#"Wl-f?iry saws are for Wed- U gut leader; ja^t the «
* ce M fl*.f'o#c gams are ronvej- /^v _ outfb »or the boys -,
J &peCli*lS»' nesdav & ThUfS-U -^nVjifl . and srirls to take J
$. Soap — Empo 1 - um./^l' O?z/i — QllU- /d @'^fe^' on t^ ie ' r summer f
» Savon, l-lb bar*. jfi a Guaranteed J fu W J$T outi "'?. ani g^ol «'
* regularly 4c each I V /jlj'jy enough for grown <•
* — fc-2d-»vs 8 for* 25C & , I<^lw£) folk?, too; regular *
*■ Mushrooms— -F. La Court's Is, i a ' price $I—special1 — special *
* regularly 25c tin— 'or 17c to-day only 7#O J
? Catsup — Golden Rule Brani, pints. _
? r"U arly 20c — for 15c 4
Candles— lo-oz— whi : e =uppiy lasts.. Parcel No Bicycle Com- ♦
* "■••• • : ;y'? /0 0 ° - >% Without*
I Oo'fee— r-mpoMum Moch i ar.d Java, GBmBTB. One of These. J
» th-re is none better, reguhrly 35c lb One of ll.ese. «
5 —for •■ 30C Light, durable, J
* SapoliO— << Tne Old Reliable" convenient; eas- /!^ ~^*~) «
* 4- fOP 2&C and quickly W&3i~^o£y ♦
* Table Apricots, Pears and a- justed; these *
- Ptums Per can.;: «0C Parce ! Carrier' Jj^riA*^ ♦
« Assorted Cocktails — Qiart are jast the yynixK *
» bottles, regularly $1.25 — f0r.... thing .or carry- /I/ \\ *
* Boer— Pabst Export, bottled at the ing coatslunch- 111 \\ *
* Brewer,- k books etc.; f\Ws(/L V t
* Quarts, regnlarb- $2.45— f0r.. .52.1 regularly TOe ' v4/jT «
T nts, r^ular y $1.55— f0r ...SJ.4O each; on special . —^Jflj] '-Q
& Whiskey — 0 d Crow, full quirts, sale to-day at... s ' — ViC^ *
% reguiany $1.35— f0r, $7.00 fOe /f> ♦
Mechanics' Institute Directors.
The semi-monthly meeting of the board
of trustees of the Mechanics' Institute
was hold last night. It was reported that
"William Patron, the architect of the pres
ent Mechanics" Library building, con
structed in 1566. had left a provision in
his will bequeathing his library of archi
tectural books to the Mechanics' Insti-
Secretary I'ummlnK and r.-irl H. Clark,
the solicitors for the coming Mechanics
Institute fair, which opens September 2
next, reported that applications for space
in trie fair are coming in rapidly. Tt was
announced that the Treasury Department
had decided in reference to the native Ffl.
ipinos who were expected to appear at
the fair, that they did not come within
the provisions of the exclusion act and
could be landed without any difficulty.
The institute decided to join with other
THE EMPORIUM.
bodies In the call, soon to be issued, for
a convention to take action upon meas
ures necessary to have the State assume
the responsibility of collecting the waters
of the commonwealth in such a mannor
as to utilize them during the dry season.
STATE DENTAL BOARD
HOLD A MEETING
INDORSE DIPLOMAS OF TWENTY
FIVE APPLICANTS.
Adopt Resolutions Eulogistic of Re
tiring Member, Dr. Morffew,
Who Is Succeeded by Dr.
F. L. Cranz.
The State Board of Dental Examiners
held a meeting at the Grand Hotel yester
day for the purpose' of introducing the
newly appointed member of the board. Dr.
F. L. Cranz. who was appointed by the
Governor to succeed Dr. Thomas F. Morf
few. The full board was present with the
exception of Dr. George S. Drucker. who
was unavoidably absent. Dr. G. S. Back
man of San Francisco, president of the
board, was in the chair and Dr. \\~. A.
Moore of Salinas was secretary. Besides
these Dr. F. F. Tebbetts and* Dr. F. H.
Metcalf of Sacramento and Dr. F. W.
Blitz of Santa Cruz answered the rollcall.
Dr. Cranz was presented to his associ
ates by Chairman Backmann and a cor
dial greeting was accorded to the new
member.
Dr. Moore then presented resolutions
eulogistic of the retiring member. Dr.
Morffew. which were adopted and ordered
engrossed for presentation to him. The
resolutions stated that the severing of the
pk-asant associations which had operated
for a period of many years with Dr. Morf
few and his colleagues was a regretable
incident, and assurances of high regard
and good wishes for his future welfare
were extended to him. Dr. Morffew was
one of the first appointoes of the board
when it was established by legislative
enactment in ISSfi.
The board then went into executive ses
sion and indorsed twenty-five diplomas of
applicants who desire to practice the pro
fession of dentistry in this State. Col
leges from all over the country were rep
resented.
The board decided to have the annual
examination of medical graduates take
place in this city on Tuesday. August 1.
Protest Against Immorality.
The property owners and citizens of
North Beach will hold a mass meeting
tc-night in St. Francis Hall. 620 Vallejo
street, to protest against the growing
social evil that menaces the residents of
that portion of the city. Every defender
of morality is expected to attend the
meeting. Speeches will be made by many
prominent residents of the beach.
56
WEDNESDAY. JUNE 7, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor
Address All Communications to W. S. LLAKE, Manager,
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third St*.. S. P
Telephone Main ISO.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Stree*
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BT CARRIERS. IB CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies. 5 cent*.
Terms by Mkll. Including: Postage:
DAILT CALL, (Including Sunday Call), one year $0.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). I month» 3.00
PAILT CALL (Including Sunday Call). 1 « month* 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month «C«
SUNDAY CALL One Year 1-BO
WEEKLY CALL. One Year IMO
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
C. CEO. KROGNEBS. Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE M«rqnette Bo ild!<t ft
C. GEORGE KROGNE6S, Advertising Repr«««Btatlvo.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montflomery »treet. corner Clay
open until. 9:30 o'clock;- 387 Haye» «treet. open until
9:30 o'clock. 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
-1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock.. 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.-
AMUSEMENTS.
Colum'jla— A Now Comedy.
Grand Opera House— "The Pirates of Penzance" and "I'Pag-
llacci."
<>r; heum— Vaudeville.
Alcaxar— "Hamlet."
Tlvcli— "The Merry War."
' 'n'.if.rnla— "Li'rla."
Chutes Zbo and Fre« Theater— Vaudeville every after-
noon and evening.
Olympla— Corner Mason and Elli* streets— Specialties.
state Panorama Co.. Market street, near Eighth-Bat
tli • M tnila Bay.
Sutro Baths— Swimming Races, etc
AUCTION SALES.
By Eaaton F.ldridge ft Co. -This day. at 10:30 a. m. and
r.: . Turkish Rugs, at 12j Geary street.
By WYIls Russell & Co —Thursday. June 29. at 1" a. m.,
:■ Mission tnd Fr"mont streets. Planing Mil' Machinery.
THE MONUMENT TO DEWEY.
BEFORE the present week close? the subscrip
to the Dewey monument fund ought to
reach the sso,ooo mark. Reports given at the last
meeting of the committee show that nearly $30,000
have been already subscribed, and with that amount
to build upon the contributions to the enterprise
rapidly mount upward to the sum required to
carry out the undertaking upon the scale that has
been designed.
- any undertaking in California received
a warmer or a more general approval than has been
given to this. From one end of the State to the other
the word- of commendation have been spontaneous
and cordial. Even in the East the subject has been
favorably commented on and a due appreciation
shown of the fitness of San Francisco as a site for a
commanding monument to the admiral whose great
victory has given the United States a dominant pres
tige on the Pacific Ocean.
It is not the design of the promoters of the move
ment that the monument shall be the gift of a few
rich men. It is intended to stand for ages as a mani
:i of popular regard and admiration for the
tnd to its construction therefore all classes of
- are invited to contribute. The sum of Sioo,
--000, though considerable, is not a large one to be
raised in a commonwealth so rich and so populous as
California. Nearly one-third of it has been already
subscribed, and yet the work of collecting contribu
has hardly begun.
As the people of the East began to collect con
tributions for the purpose of erecting a mansion in
Washington for Dewey about the same time that the
nia movement was started to erect a monument
to him in this city, there is something of rivalry be
tween this State and the populous East to see which
will the more speedily and the more effectually ac
complish its work. California at present has a good
lead and the chances are will have the entire, amount
in Hght long before the East raises more than
■■: what is aimed at there.
There should be no delay in making contributions.
There 1- nothing in the situat.on to cause any one
to hesitate. The direction and management of the
enterprise are in good hands, and a sum sufficient to
virtually guarantee the success of the movement has
been subscribed. Every feature of the patriotic un
dertaking gives assurance therefore to the public that
money contributed to the fund will be promptly ap
plied to the purpose for which it was donated. There
is not to be any of that long delay that wears out
popular interest in public enterprises. If the con
tributions are given in as promptly as they should be
the erection of the monument will be a matter of the
immediate future.
The plan suggested by prominent Irishmen in New
York for the purchase of the Lakes of Killarney and
contiguous country for an Irish national park appeals
to more than members of that race. The Lakes of
Killarney are more than Irish. They are poetry's gift
to an entire world.
Judging from the cable dispatches. Tod Sloan is by
long odds the most important personage in Europe,
and if K-iiser William do not get him a new uniform
or make another war lord speech very soon people
will forget he lives op that continent.
Trainer Tim McGrath of this city promises to join
the rank-* of the benefactors of mankind. He an
nounce- that he will soon introduce to the public a
biace of deaf and dumb prize-fighters.
The world will not weep at the fate that overtook
La Brega, the notorious agent of Weylcr. The only
regret will he that it was not the neck of the
"Butcher" that felt the noose.
Suggestion for a feature at the Paris Exposition of
iqoo: A cyclone cellar into which the Government
could retreat until after any little storm like the
present blows over.
A Washington special is to the effect that General
Otis is moving against the Filipinos with the inten
tion of hemming them in. In other words, he means
to sew 'cm up.
The mania for wife-beating seems to be on the in
( rease in this vicinity. Six months in quod for each
offender might prove the most efficacious remedy.
Even tor talking purposes the Peace Conference
Commissioners are not in it with the fellows who
have authority to arrange a fight to a finish.
The amount of confidence Fitzsimmons and Jeffries
undoubtedly possess should not lead the public to be-
Leve they are that sort of men.
FAIR PLAY FOR THE NEW CHARTER.
I"*HE CALL vigorously and consistently opposed
the adoption of the new charter. It was under
discussion for months, not merely in respect to
: the plan of municipal government upon which it was
based, but also in its segregated features and in its de
tails. The opposition of The Call was pressed upon
grounds of policy, and, in some particulars, for con
stitutional reasons, and was supported by a multi
plicity of facts and by strong and consistent argu
ment.
The Freeholders, by whom the new charter was
I framed, were carefully selected, embraced many repre
sentative and intelligent citizens, among whom able
lawyers were included, and as a body they were ob
viously devoted to the public good. They deliberated
for months, and received and considered numerous
suggestions from official and unofficial sources. When
cnmpleted the instrument embodied their settled con
clusions, reached without undue liaste and as the re
sult of earnest and protracted labor.
The new charter was most exhaustively considered
by the community in every phase in which it could bo
presented, and with unusual acumen and intelligence.
Members of the Board of Freeholders made numer
ous public speeches and wrote many communications
in its favor. Its opponents were equally energetic
and thorough. The publications on both sides of
the controversy were exhaustive and were widely cir
culated. After all this preliminary debate, at a spe
cial election, where there was no other question to
distrart public attention, it was adopted by a majority
of 2364, out of a total vote of 26,969. It was also
unanimously ratified at the last session of the Legis
lature.
We live under representative institutions, and when,
after dispassionate and mature investigation, in con
formity with the constitution and the statutes, the
new charter was thus enacted into law it became and
it is the duty of every American citizen to acquiesce,
to the extent at least that the new scheme of local
government is consistent with the Federal and State
constitutions. This is the present attitude of The
Call. It is proper and essential that, at the right time
and without unnecessary delay, constitutional ques
tions arising under various provisions of the instru
ment should be raised and determined. Rut it is not
proper and it is not essential that the railroad
monopoly should be facilitated in raids, which have
no relation to any conceivable public service, and are
designed solely to relieve the Southern Pacific Com
pany and the Market Street Railway Company from
limitations upon franchises and from other practical
conditions that are manifestly legal and just in them
stlves and that stand in the way of such wholesale
robbery as was recently attempted through corrupt
members of the Board of Supervisors. The people
are entitled to the benefit of every clause by which
I their rights are protected, and all patriotic citizens
and independent taxpayers will rejoice if it should
turn out that at last a check has been effectively in
terposed to the commission of acts under nionopo- j
listic direction that but for the fixed locality of the
public streets would combine every element of lar- ]
ceny.
For municipal officers to attack the new charter,
whether at the suggestion of the railroad or purely on
their own account, in order to prolong their terms, is I
I indecent and not susceptible even of palliation. These
gentlemen accepted their nominations and conducted
! their canvass with the distinct understanding that, if J
elected, they were to serve for one year. Every vote !
cast for them rested upon this proposition. They hold
their offices by popular indorsement for the circum
scribed period. They are actually pledged to support j
the charter and to vacate their positions when new
officers are chosen, unless they should exhibit such
1 efficiency and integrity as to become their own sue- j
J cessors. They have no right as an afterthought and
' through technicalities, if they exist, to enforce upon
the community, without its consent and against its will, \
new contracts for extended service. There are some
of the present incumbents of whom The Call does not
believe that they would voluntarily act as catspaws for
the railroad, and yet that is the exact attitude into
which it is proposed to seduce them.
The Call has no apology to make for its antagon
ism to the new charter. It has no desire to interpose
obstacles to a fair and prompt test of any of its
features that can be plausibly attacked upon consti
tutional grounds. But it insists that the instrument
shall have fair play and that its full operation shall
not be impeded by corrupt railroad designs, in the
! interests of local or State monopoly, or for the un
<■ juit prolongation of official terms.
THE PORTO RICAN PUZZLE.
THE statement made on Saturday by the Com
missioners from Porto Rico lets some light on
the situation in that island. They represent
industry and trade suspended, the people generally in
want land many starving. These hard fates are upon
them because they are practically isolated. Their
I government by the United States army is complained
lof as oppressive and distasteful. Their former advan
j tagcous commerce with Spain is cut off by the trans
! fer of the island to the United States, while the tariff
of this country shuts them off from trade here. In
their hunger and distress they have made the unhappy
discovery that trade has not followed the flag. The
imagination of our people has been somewhat inflamed
Iby the usual tale of "immeasurable wealth" in the
i island. The fact is that, like most tropical countries,
it is poor. It produces the perishable fruits of the
torrid zone, but is incapable of exploitation agricul
turally in the sense in which temperate zone lands can
jbe used. The physiography of the island is well
I known. It is largely mountainous, with but tew
j plains, and these limited in area. Its former noble
forests have mostly disappeared. Its many mountains
j streams are torrential in consequence. The soil is so
j soaked by the almost perpetual rainfall that unless
j 1 ' rses are provided with broad platforms to stand on
their hoofs speedily rot off. The whole island is
infected with tuberculosis, due possibly to the humid
iity. and perhaps planted originally by invalid pil
grims, ill with the disease, who mistakenly sought it as
a sanitary retreat because it was tropical. Once planted
there the disease has flourished in its damp environ
ment until not many are free from it, and, in view of
its infectious and communicable nature, it presents an
additional peri! to North Americans who may attempt
jto sojourn there. The zymotic diseases also abound
i at all seasons.
The physical features of the island fit it only for
the kind of people who are there now. The popula
tion is noisomely dense, 230 to the square mile.
There is no room for any more. In spite of the raoid
THE SA!N FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 7. 1899.
growth of certain tropical products, the people are
usually in squalor, and famine-smitten. As the whole
area of the island equally apportioned would give
each only two acres and a fraction, if it were all
arable, life would be maintained only by a struggle.
But so much of it is rough and mountainous that the
arable land is less than one acre per capita. Much of
it is tilled under very great difficulties. The steep
slopes to which the people have been compelled to
resort in order to live are so hard to cling to that
during many generations bred upon them the people
who live on them have developed a peculiarly formed
foot and other physical changes 'due to clinging to
their little patches on the mountain side. Ninety-five
per cent of the people are totally illiterate.
The island has no coal, iron or other minerals of
any consequence, and its manufacturing possibilities
are limited.
When its government is arranged for and its
products are admitted free to our ports they will com
pete with that which we produce at home. The
principal exports are tobacco, of a grade about equal
to our North Carolina leaf, sugar, and such fruits as
oranges, bananas and limes. The orange export will
be quite formidable, and will be felt by the Califor
nia citrus orchardists.
THE KILLIN OF SEA LIONS.
AN order from Washington suspending the
authority given to kill sea lions along this
coast is by no means creditable to the officials
at the capital. It argues an absence of anything like
a clear knowledge of the subject and implies a will
ingness on the part of the officials to comply with
whatever is desired by the last parties who have the
privilege of addressing them. On representations
from California authority to kill sea lions was granted,
but before the killing had well begun certain Eastern
sentimentalists object and the authority is recalled.
The subject has been thoroughly discussed on this
coast. All classes of persons having any kind of ex
pert knowledge of the matter, from fishermen to
scientists, have taken part in the debate, and every
feature of the problem has been well considered. The
conclusion has been that the existence of such large
herds of sea lions off the coast has been prejudicial
to our fisheries, and that the general good demands
a diminution in the number of the herd. It was
therefore upon good and sufficient reasons that the
authority to kill them was granted, and, that being
so, it is not easy to see how there can be any reason
whatever for revoking the authority so speedily.
At the present time the Government is expending
a good deal of money to increase the salmon supply
of our waters and to protect the fisheries from in
jury. The Federal officials have been actively aided
in the work by the State Commission, and their joint
labors have resulted in much good. While the com
missions are working to protect the fish, the sea
lions are destroying them by thousands. To prevent
any check upon the unlimited increase of the number
of sea lions is therefore about as absurd as it would be
to protect wolves in a community where we are try
ing to develop a sheep-raising industry.
It is gratifying to know that a prompt protest
against the order of suspension has been forwarded
to Washington calling the attention of the Secretary
cf the Treasury to the facts that a large expense has
been entailed in fitting out the expeditions against
the sea lions, with the permission of the Government.
Also that the movement against these sea animals
has received the indorsement and approval of the
commercial and scientific men of the coast. And,
further, that the State and the United States are
spending thousands of dollars every year to foster and
build up the salmon industry, into which the sea rob
bers are making such disastrous inroads.
With such facts before him. the Secretary can
hardly fail to give the subject a reconsideration. The
sea lion is distinctly a local problem, and the solution
of it can be safely left to our authorities.
THE CANADIAN CONTROVERSY.
ACCORDING to a dispatch from Washington of
yesterday, Secretary Hay has taken steps
toward arranging a temporary agreement with
Great Britain regarding the Alaskan boundary dis
pute, so as to prevent any conflict of authority along
the line while the subject remains a matter of con-
trovers}-.
Such an agreement is in every way desirable, since
it seems likely the dispute will go on for years to
come. Were any ftther nations engaged in such a dis
putation over an important boundary line there would
be imminent danger of a war. In the present case,
however, there is not even a suspicion of such a dan
ger. The Canadians, indeed, seem to be very much
j irritated over the subject, but even among them the
irritation is mainly felt in the neighborhood of Vic
toria. We may be sure the people of Ontario and
Quebec have no desire. to start a fight with the United
| States for the sake of upholding a claim to an Alaskan
harbor.
Despite all that has been written about the subject,
the exact status of the controversy is not known ex
cept to the Joint High Commission and to the offi
cial dignitaries at Washington and London, to whom
the commission reports. That much is made evi
dent by the conflicting nature of the rumors started
sometimes in this country and sometimes in Canada.
At one time it is announced that Canada will not
agree to a settlement of any of the questions before
the commission unless her claim to Pyramid Harbor
and a large part of the Alaskan panhandle is granted.
I At another time it is said Great Britain will force the
Canadians to accept any terms which the imperial
Government arranges with the United States. A
| third report follows to the effect that the British
authorities are despondent, while the Canadians are
aggressive. And now comes the announcement of a
scheme for a temporary settlement.
In the end the i£sue will doubtless be submitted to !
i arbitration. Our representatives at the Peace Con- j
I ference have united with those of Great Britain in
! urging the conference to recommend the adoption of
I arbitration as a means of preventing wars, and both
j Governments are therefore more or less bound to ',
j follow that course in the present instance. Canada
will hardly be permitted to permanently block the |
i effort of the two nations to reach a satisfactory basis
OD which to submit the case, but some Victoria papers i
are talking as if they thought Canada can whip Great j
Britain and the United States put together. Thus, for"!
1 example, the Victoria Globe recently stated as a warn- j
j ing to the British Ministry: "Canadians will not
peaceably submit to further humiliation from the |
United States, and the sooner the Government recog- '
nizes the fact and acts accordingly the better it will ''
be for the country."
It will be seen that, however indifferent we may be
to the question, it is a very lively one for our neigh
bors. Fortunately, while Canada can make a good
I deal of noise, she cannot do much damage, and the ;
| temporary settlement now being arranged will be fol- I
lowed in due time by a permanent one without a fight
or even serious friction to any one except the jingoes
j of Victoria.
Buy Killarney's lakes and fells? Why, of course.
They are going for a song.
CALIFORNIA
CANNOT ARRIVE
BY THE FOURTH
Regiment Has Not as
Yet Left Manila.
SUCH ARE THE INDICATIONS
THE SECOND OREGON REPORTED
TO HAVE SAILED FOR HOME.
Five Soldiers Buried at the Presidio
Yesterday — Large Assignment
of the Casuals Made to Dif
ferent Commands.
In the past few days the idea has
gained general prevalence that San Fran
cisco will have the First California Regi
ment home in time to participate in the
celebration of the Fourth of July. From
the present outlook such is not the case.
No news was received at department
headquarters yesterday to indicate that
the First had yet left Manila. If they
have not left as yet, the regiment can
not arrive here in time to join in the
'festivities of the Fourth. Colonel Long,
the depot quartermaster, is notified of
the departure of every vessel from Ma
nila, and up to yesterday he had received
no notification of the departure of any
vessel upon which the regiment could
have sailed. The last transport that left
Manila was the Conemaugh, -^hich sailed
on May 17, but Colonel Long does nnt
know what this vessel had aboard. It
was reported around headquarters yester
day that the Second Oregon had left Ma
nila, but this could not be confirmed. If
such is the case and the First had not
left, then the War Department has
changed its programme of returning the
volunteers in the order in which they
wf-nt. The First California was the first
of any volunteer regiments to go aboard
a transport for Manila.
Then' we're live soldiers buried at the
Presidio yesterday. The remains of Ar
thur Jobbing, Company H. Eighteenth
Infantry; James Healy. Company I, Eight
eentta Infantry; William D. Griffin, Bat
tery G, Sixth Artillery, and Walter J. Mc-
Li an, Company L, First Montana, which
were brought from Manila on the Zea
landia, were taken to the Presidio on
the steamer McDowell and interred in
the cemetery there. Claude W. Payne of
the Engineer Corps, Who died of con
sumption at the general hospital, was
the fifth soldier buried yesterday. The re
mains of the other soldiers which were
brought up on the Zealandia were sent
East.
The War Department has not yet de
cided upon the retention of the City of
Puebla and the Zealandia as transports.
Colonel Long received no word yester
day in regard to them, but it is generally
thought that they will be held by the
Government, especially the former. Just
at present transports are being needed,
and it will take very little time to put
the necessary repairs upon these two
vessels.
General Shafter has issued an order
distributing 4W soldiers of the casual de
tachment among the following com
mands: Fourth Cavalry, 125 men; Third
Artillery, 25 men; Sixth Artillery, 6 men;
Fourteenth Infantry, GO men; Eighteenth
Infantry, 50 men; Twentieth Infantry, 50
men; Twenty-second Infantry. 50 men,
and the Twenty-third Infantry, 100 men.
Major Henry R. Krinkerhoff, Third In
fantry, has been ordered to take charge
(if the recruiting station in this city, re
lieving Captain Robert H. R. Loughbor
ough, Twenty-fifth Infantry.
Major J. M. Thompson, Twenty-fourth
Infantry, has been relieved from the tem
porary command of Alcatraz Island and
ordered to report to the commanding offi
cer of the Presidio for duty at that post.
During the temporary absence of Ma
jor Edward Field, Third Artillery. Cap
tain Robert H. Noble, Third Infantry,
has been detailed to take charge of the
offices of the inspector general and artil
lery Inspector of the department. *
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
G. G. Kimball of Red Bluff is registered
at the Palace.
Louis J. Lederer and wife of Baltimore
are guests at the Palace.
William N. Marshall of Vancouver was
among yesterday's arrivals at the Occi
dental.
B. U. Stelnman came down from Sacra
mento yesterday and is stopping at the
Palace.
Congressman Marlon de Vries arrived
yesterday from Stockton and is at the
I Palace.
Mrs. Jane Stanford left on the overland
| last evening for New York City, en route
to Europe.
O. Yonder Hyde of Bremen, Germany,
| arrived from New York yesterday and is
registered at the Palace.
John H. Campbell of Durango, one of
the largest mine owners of Northern
Mexico, is in the city, stopping at the
Palace.
Louis Breunner, the Sacramento furni
ture dealer, returned to the capital yes
i terday, after a week spent in this city
and Monterey.
E. R. Runyon, president of the Paris
! Exposition Commission, left last evening
; for Chicago, where he will confer with ;
Chief Commissioner Peck upon matters
; pertairimg to California's exhibit.
Joseph Tipton. head purchasing agent
; for the Rio "Grande Western Railroad, re
turned to Salt Lake last evening, after
I a short stay in this city. Mr. Tipton was
! royally entertained by the railroad men :
! here, with whom lie is extremely popular. '
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, June 6.— J. S. Lockwood
| and wife of Ban Francisco are at the |
Manhattan; George 11. C. Bradford and
wife of San Francisco are at the Marl- j
| borough; E. Rampillion of San Francisco
i is at the Marlin; Thomas E. Pringie and j
M. A. Pringle of San Francisco are at the
Cosmopolitan; William Keith and John j
Zeile of San Francisco and I. E. Bennett j
1 of San Diego are at the Fifth Avenue, i
' Mr. and Mrs. Swansey of San Francisco i
i were passengers on the Auranla, sailing
| for Liverpool to-day.
SAYS HE BEAT HER.
A Wealthy Mining Man Accused, of
Cruelly Abusing His Servant.
Elizabeth Booth, a domestic, filed suit
against Louis H. Mooser, a wealthy min
ing man who resides at 2105 Vallejo street,
yesterday to recover $50U0 damages for
personal injuries inflicted, it is alleged
by tho lists of the defendant on the Bth
of April last. On the date mentioned
the complaint sets forth, Moofler returned
to his home and ordered the plaintiff to
do something about the house. She did
not obey with alacrity, and alleges that
Mooser stnuk her in the face, and when
she tried to summon police aid she was
dragged back into the house by her h.ur
Mooser was subsequently arrested, but
Judge Graham dismissed the case, and
now to even up matters the young woman
has brought suit for damages.
Custom House Appointments.
Port Collector Jackson yesterday ap
pointed from the eligible list A. S. Young
as clerk and W. E. IJidwell as inspector.
TOWNSEND'S
TALE OF WOE
IS GRIEVOUS
Sues His Wife for a
Divorce.
CRUELTY IS THE CHARGE
THREATS OF MURDER CITED
BY PLAINTIFF.
When He Was 111 His Stepchildren
Amused Themselves Throwing
Boxes, While a Nephew
Played the Piano.
If the various allegations of William S.
Tcwnsend, the candy man of note, are
based on fact, he committed a grievous
error when he married his present wife
and took into his home her four children
by a former husband. Suit has been tiled
in th# Superior Court by Mr. Townsend for
divorce from his wife on the ground of
cruelty, mentally inflicted, and several
specific charges are set forth, which from
the complaint it is obvious the plaintiff
believes to have been well pr#]
schemes to deprive rum of his constitu
tional right to be happy.
In Introduction of his complaint, Mr.
Townsend alleges that he married his
wife, Olivia K. Townsend, October 15, 1895,
and took into his home her four children.
Since that time she has been cruel to a
marked degree, her must common mode
of punishment, however, being to hurl
opprobrious epithets at plaintiff to his
grievous mental suffering.
Continuing, the plaintiff says that of late
he has been in poor health, and after re
turning from his factory would try to rest.
While so trying to rest in his room, his
fcur stepchildren would appear- upon the
scene, and they would throw boxes and
other objects at the ceiling for hours at a
time, causing Mr. Townsend great m
suffering. After the children had tired
of their box and other object throwing
match, a nephew of Mrs. Townsend would
take up the labor of annoying the plain
tiff and for hours would play the piano.
Requested to desist, he and Mrs. Town
send would retreat to the garret over Mr.
Townsend's room and amuse themselves
throwing boxes and other objects around,
which made a gr?at and unbearable
noise, "all of which arts contributed to
the grievous mental suffering of the
plaintiff."
Again Mrs. Townsend would charge her
husband with Infidelity without cause, it
is alleged, and charged him with consort-
Ing with "chippies who labored in his
factory. Again she would threat*
kill him, suggesting aoison as the means
of murder, in consequence of which Mr.
TowTisend says that further residence
with his wife is dangerous to his life and
would add to his already grievous mentifl
suffering.
Mrs. Townsend has a sister in East
Oakland, plaintiff further alleges, with
whom his wife is wont to visit for weeks
at a time, never coming near him to gi\~t
him the care he needs to his failing
health. Mrs. Townsend, plaintiff says, Is
constantly harassing him for money for
herself and relatives, and threatens, in
event he does not produce all she desires,
to pawn her jewels and use Mr. Town
send's credit for her needs. The evil in
fluence of the sister if- in a measure re
sronsible for the trouble, it is alleged, but
Mrs. Townsend threa*ens to kill the plain
tiff if he makes an attempt to evict her
and other relatives who call and con
tribute schemes to add to his woe. All in
all, if the allegations are based on fact,
Mr Townsend, when at home, is bet wen
the influence of his Satanic Majesty arid
the deep sea, and hence he seeks re
lief in never ending separation.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
DRAMATIC SCHOOL— A.. 8., Alameda,
Cal. There is no dramatic school connect
ed with the Columbia Theater of this city.
CRAPS— A. L. E., City. An expert in
the game of craps says that "a player re
tains the dice If he throws crap at the
second time."
RUGBY FOOTBALL— FootbaII, Oak
land. Cal. Is this correspondent surfe that
information wanted as to the Rugby
games is for the year ISS9?
A FORTY-NINER— A Subscriber, Sa
linas, Cal. No premium is offered for a
ten-dollar piece of 1S4!»; in fact, there is
no premium offered for any coins of that
denomination issued after ISu4.
VOTER'S QUALIFICATION —H. S.,
City. There are eleven States in the
Union in which aliens who have declared
their intention of becoming citizens of the
United States are allowed to vote.
CONFEDERATE SHEET MUSIC— L.
L. H., City. If you have a collection of
Confederate sheet music you might find
a buyer for such by offering it to some
of the libraries.
KRAKATOA— W. B. 8., Stockton, Cal.
The volcano that is known as Krakatoa,
which erupted August 26, ISB3. caused the
waves to rise and destroy 36,380 lives, is on
an island of that name in the Straits of
Sunda, between Sumatra and Java.
TO REMOVE STAINS— R. H., City. In
some cases oxalic acid .and a scrubbing
brush will remove dark stains from a
porcelain sink, but if that doe* not pro
duce the desired results, the stains can
be removed by using pumicestone on the
spots.
CONFEDERATE CURRENCY— L. L.
H., City. Confederate currency does not
command any premium, as paper money
of the Confederacy does not come under
the head of rare curios. It is worth just
what any one would like to pay for such
as curiosities of the War of the Rebel
lion.
THE TRAINING SCHOOL— B. S.,
; Berkeley, Cal. For information in rela
! tion to the training school to he estab
; lished on Yerba Buena, alias Goat. Island
address a communication to Captain
Henry Glass, United States ship Pensa
cola, Yerba Buena Island, and you will re
ceive a circular of information.
BANDS OF MERCY— S., City. The pur
pose of the Society for the Prevention of
: Cruelty to Animals in establishing Bands
of Mercy in this city is to instill in the
minds of the rising generation the neces
sity of being kind to animals and to have
i the members thereof use their Influence to
j prevent cruelty. The idea is that to
i teach children to be kind to dumb crea-
I tures is to make them su when they
i reach years of discretion, for a good les
son once taught is never forgotten.
CUSTOM-HOUSE-J. J. H.. Lnkeport.
Cal. There are three grades of examina
tion for the Custom-house position, one
allowing live and a half hours tor an
swers, th<* other four hours and the third
three hours. The examinations Wr all
rin spelling, arithmetic, letter writing,
i penmanship and copying from plain copy;
those of the iirst class have added copy
ing from rough draft and geography. For
circular of information and blanks write
to the secretary of the local civil Bi
: board at the Custom-house in which an
, applicant desires a position.
THE NEXT CENTURY— J. E. S., Plac
erville, (.'al. This department was
opinion, from the number of times it had
informed its readers when the next cen
tury commences, that everybody in the
State was possessed of the information;
hut when it discovered that Collis p,
Huntington was ignorant of the time, it
has come to the conclusion that there are
others. The next century will commence
, with the Ist day of January, 1901. It takes
1 100 years to complete a century, bo the
I first century commenced with the year 1
j and closed with the year 100; consequently
the second century commenced with the
year 101, and so on down to the present
j time. ,
POLICE COURT
CLERKS ARE TO
BE DISCIPLINED
Must Comply Strictly
With the Law.
ARE
GIVEN TIMELY WARNING
DISMISSAL THE PENALTY FOB
DISOBEDIENCE.
At Its Meeting Next Monday the
Board of Supervisors Will Issue
a Formal Notifi
cation.
The strong hand of the B< ard nf Super
visors Is to be laid on the clerks of tha
Police Courts in the for ;mely
warning that unless they perform their
duties as required by la- L be
dismissed from the employ the city.
This action was decided o y at
a meeting of the Judiciary I ommluee of
the Board of Supervisors, and at the next
regular meeting- of the board there will
be adopted a resolution formally : tting
forth the warning and the penalty for dis
obedience.
The action taken yesterday grows out
of the recommendation made by the
Grand Jury at the time it indicted Police
Court Clerk Kelly for complicity in the
Issuance of straw bonds. Attention was
called to the fact that the clerks are not
in attendance at their respective court
rooms during the hours required by law
and that they have made a practice of
establishing headquarters at different
places about town, where they accept
questionable or worthless bonds upon the
payment to them of a consideration in
The law governing the conduct of clerks
of the Police Courts requires that they
"shall be in attendance at their respective
courtrooms or offices attached thereto
from 'j o'clock a. m. until 4 o'clock p. m.
every day in the week, Sundays and holi
days excepted, to perform the duties im
posed as required by law. The clerks
of the Police Courts shall also alternate
so that one clerk In turn shall be in at
tendance at the courtroom or office at
tached thereto every evening in tne week
from 7:30 to 10 o'clock, and on Sundays
and holidays from 1« o'clock a. m. until
t o'clock p. m., for the purpose of taking
bail bonds, when the sufficiency and quah
fication of the sureties are examined into
proved. The clerks of Police Courts
shall not accept sureties on bail bonds
except within the places and within the
time prescribed by this section."
Th^ provisions of this law have never
complied with by the Police Court
clerks for the very good reason that its
observance would prevent them from ae
manding pay for the acceptance of bail
bonds at all times when they are not in
their offices. The occasions when a Police
Court clerk can be found in the City Hall
after the noon hour are extremely rare,
and they are never to be found there at
night As a consequence, persons who
are placed under arrest are put to an
infinite amount of trouble and unneces
sary delay and expense in searching ror
some one who is competent to accept a
bond and when a clerk is found in some
resort downtown the payment of a fee
is demanded as a condition for the issu
ance of the desired release.
This condition of things is now to be
changed. Unless the clerks comply with
the law in this and all other matters com
plained of their refusal to do so will be
considered as just cause for their Im
mediate discharge from the employ of the
city The resolution to be recommended
for 'passage at the next meeting of the
Board of "Supervisors will put an .end l to
what has fur years been a disgraceful
evasion of the law and a prolific source of
criminality.
BEHIND IN HIS WORK.
Meredith Left the Chinese Bureau in
a Very Unsatisfactory Condition.
When 15. E. Meredith left the Chinese
Bureau at the request of the Secretary
of the Treasury, he was away behind in
his work for reasons which have not yet
developed, and he left to his temporary
successor, Chief Fle3h, an heirloom of
unfinished business which has not even
v»-t been disposed of. Consequently, when
Chief Dunn entered upon the discharge of
his dutii s he found the business of the
office a last year's birdnest. and in order
to catch up with the work, which was
accumulating at a rapid rate. Collector
Jackson appointed William Gassaway and
John R. Dunn as assistants to the Chinese
Inspectors in the bureau, temporarily.
Two interpreters were added also. Carl
ton Rickards and Eca de Silva, making,
with Dr Gardiner, three interpreters.
Assistant Dunn is a son of Chief Dunn,
and Mr. Gassaway was formerly a special
employe in the office of Special Agent
Major Moore.
Another Charge Against Grigsby.
Mrs. Grigsby No. 1 called upon Postof
fice Inspector Erwin yesterday and lodged
two complaints against Willis O. Grigsby
for using penalty • nvelopes with stamps.
This makes three charges against him tor
the same offense, besides two charges or
bigamy. He is expected to arrive m mis
city In custody of the United States Mar
shal of Denver next- Friday.
On a Presidential Tour
Mr. and Mrs. George E. Morse and
Harry R. Cooper started for Washington
1-st ni-ht They will visit the President
it the White House and will accompany
M^MrfM^-Vui;,. of President
McKinley. . .
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.'
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Yesterday's Insolvents.
In the United States court yesterday
Tillmann & Bendell ami E. L. Labadie
and Albert Freyer of San Francisco filed
a petition to declare insolvent George A.
starke a grocer doing business at 400
Fifth street in this city. He is alleged to
nive them in the neighborhood of $500.
Lorenzo B. Leavitt filed a petition In,
bankruptcy; liabilities, $324 75, and no
assets.
•Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used lor nfty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
; nxccesa. It soothes the child. Boftens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Uiarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For eale by Druggists in every
jjart of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Winslow'a Scothtnc 25c a bottle.
Rock island Route Excursions.
Leave San Francisco every '•'■■ v
Rio Grande and Rock Island railways. Through
tourist sleeping cars to Chicago and Boston.
Manager and porter accompany these excur
sions through to ltoston. For tickets, sleeping
car accommodations nn<\ further information
address CLINTON JONES, General Agent
Hack Island !:;. rwas i Market ft., s. F.
I'he Rio Grande Western Railway
Take pleasure in announcing the Inauguration
June 1, 1599. of a complete dining-car service
between Ogden and Denver on all transconti
nental trains. Service a la carte. General of
fice,- 14 Montgomery st. '
. ♦ .
HOTEL I>Kl. > i >!-;• ...U>O— Take advantage
of the round-trip ticket?. Now only J6O by
steamship, including fifteen days" board at
hotel; longer stay, $2 50 per day. Apply at 4
New Montgomery street. San Francisco.ROBBED A POOR-BOX,
NOW HEIR TO THOUSANDS
Gold Has Found Him Too Late
to Efface the Memory of
the Crime Forced Upon Him
by Starvation.
Was Lieutenant
Under the Com
mand of Yon
Moltke.
FOURTEEN more days to serve 1n
the County Jail for robbing the
poor box of St. Joseph's Church,
and Richard Daverkosen will
mmc forth a free man, with
500,000 guidon (about $75,000 In Ameri
can money) awaiting his order in the
National Holland Bank.
Several days ago the German Consul.
Adolph Rospnihril reo«»lvi»d a letter
fn m Aix-la-Chapelle. making pressing
inquiries for Captain Daverkosen.
staff officer of the great Yon
Moltke, and stating that an inherit
ance Of -ulden $75,000). part of
• i his maternal aunt, Mme.
Schleicher, was awaiting the lucki
ly ir's pleasure.
The writer of the letter was the
missing man's sister, who further
stated that since I*9l the attorneys of
h> r deceased aunt's estate had been
- fruitless efforts to rind trace
"f the heir. Yesterday Daverkosen,
■ d by two officers, presented
himself at the office of the consulate
and t'> the satisfaction of Consul
: : his identity as
■ - . son of one of the
: st wealthy families of Arn
heim, Holll •
Interview with the Consul
: ihe County
rent to the great
. • which had befallen him
but in one thought— that
n< y would be the means of as
m to return to his native
B shame and disgrace
own.
"This wealth comes too late to bring
ire ttith it," said Daverkosen
lay, as he stepped Into the
cramped little office at the Broadway
Jail; "too late, for I am disgraced for
ever in th< ' the world. My
to bear the burden of
and took our three little
children and went to Germany. She
Escaped Leper Captured.
Patrons of a one-armed picture peddler,
distributing his wares in this
city duri::^ the past month, will be ais
may< 'hat thf man, whose, name
la William Horn, was ;trr--.-st«r<i last even
jnp by Detective McMahon and is now
detained at the Receiving Hospital as an
Pest House.
Health Officer O'Brien ordered him to be
placed in th< padded r^ll at the hospital,
and an investigation of his . ase will oe
■ lay.
Death of a Pioneer.
Tho dfath is recorded of another Cali
fornia pioneer. Henry Baumgarten passed
away yesterday at a ripe age at his resi
-20 Pleasant jdace. He had been
connected with the firm of Baker & Ham
ilton of this city. He was born in Hano
v.-r. Germany, nearly ~?, years ago, and
lived for fifty years in this State. He left
a widow and three children to mourn hla
loss.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BABY'S FACE
MASS OF SORES
They Almost Closed Her Eyes.
Physicians of No Benefit.
Healed by CUTICURA.
When my little sister was four months old her
ebeeks became red and inflamed- Small pimple*
broke out over her face and it was one maw of
ecabs, which almost closed her eyce and reached
Into the corners of her mouth. For several
weeks a physician attended her. but as she de-
rived little or no benefit from hie treatment we
searched for other means. Wo bought a cake of
Cuticcba Soap and a box of Cuticcba (oint-
ment). Her face healed and she grew healthy
again. You can use this letter as a testimonial.
March 19, '93. ROSA BURUER, Solomon, Kan.
Signed by parents,
FRED BURGER, Mrs. C. BURGER.
TETTERON HANDS
CURED BY CUTICURA
I bad Tetter on my hands for two years. My
hands were all cracked to pieces, and bled so
that I could not decently dre*s myself, and they
itched terribly. I tiitd everything, but nothing
seemed to do me aay good. I tried the Octicura
remedies and they are bo much better that they
no longer bother me at all.
SALLIE K. COPBLAND, Woodland, N. C.
Sept. 17, 1893. '
Cuticcra Resolvent, greatest of blood puri-
fiers and humor cures", internally (to cleanse the
blood of all irapurillco and poisonous elements),
with warm baths with Cuticcba Soap, followed
by gentle anointings of Cuticcba, the great skin
cure externally (to clear the skin nnd scalp and
restore the hair), will instantly rellovo and
speedily cure the most torturing, disfiguring hu-
mors of the skin, scalp, and blood, with losa of
hair, when all else falls.
Sold throughout the world. Pottib Dbco asd Chbm.
Coai-., Frop»., Botton. " All About Baby '• Bkin," free.
niMOl CO bioekheads,i«d.rcraith.
rilYirLLo red. rough h»nd. with «h«pel«M nalli *nd
painful finger ends, prevented by ■ Ccticoea SOAr,
r . »u.t <k rkm purifying and beautifying tosp*.
paid I should never see or hear from
her again. She never told me an un
truth, and I know I shall never see
her more."
Daverkosen's unfortunate crime
causes him more pain than the sud
den access of wealth is capable of
giving him joy. In a well-worn wallet
which never leaves his person are the
various newspaper clippings that tell
of his crime. Over these the unfortu
nate man pores daily, and he never
folds them away without tearfully
muttering: "I deserve it all! The
guilty must be punished. 1 had no
right, though I was starving, to steal."
In telling the story of his petty
crime Daveikusen seems not to shield
himself. "1 was hungry," he said,
"and 1 stole to get food. Food for my
self; not my wife and children. The
crime is mine and the cause is mine,
mine alone."
On the 17th of last January Daver
kosen, who was gaining a precarious
existence as a painter, traveling
around the country towns and doing
odd jobs at ridiculously low wages,
found himself alone in this city and
penniless. In his travels he had
earned some $60, which he had sent in
several remittances to Iris wife, who
was living with her three little ones
in WatsonvlUe. Daverkosen. in his
desire that his loved ones know noth
ing of the many hardships he was
enduring ur.d in consideration of the
joyous Christmasiidt . sent nearly all
his savings to his family.
Days w-t-nt by and though he eagerly
sought for work, work was not to be
found. Then he met a man who told
him of "the open poor box at St. Jo
seph's Church." "There is always
money in that box," said the man.
TO RECORD HISTORY
OF SPANISH WAR
Purpose of the Soci
ety of the Army of
Santiago de
Cuba.
A HANDSOMELY bound copy I
of the constitution and by- I
laws of the Society of the I
Army of Santiago dc Cuba. I
with a historical sketch of the I
same, was received from Washington I
yesterday by General Shafter. Th!s I
society, which has a most interesting I
history, is the outgrowth of the late I
war, and it is destined to take Its I
place with the Loyal Legion and other I
Similar army organizations. It was I
organized July 31. 1898, in the Govern- I
or's palace in Santiago. The badge of I
the .society in exceedingly handsome I
and effective in its design. It repre- I
sents the American eagle pr-rchf-ri upon I
the top of a Maltese cross. The bird
has his wings outstretched and is I
holding in hip claws a broken chain to I
indicate that Cuba's bonds of servi- I
tude have been broken. The circular intenoror^meeroF^eoniains^WelMfS
Army Corps budge, upon wnlch Is' a Spanish blockhouse and Cuban palm?.
Around this is the name of xh>' society with the date of its organization.
The Whole is suspended by i,. nbben of Spanish colors, while the badge
proper is done In gold and green enamel.
The organization of this society is to commemorate the deeds of the
American army in Cuba. It had been considered before the expedition
sailed for Cuba, and was discussed in the camps at Tampa and on board the
transports during the voyage. Tt wns not. however, until after the fierce
battles of July, culminatimr in 'hr> surrender of Santiago, that the matter
took definite shape. General Shafter having approved of the organization cf
the society. General Lawton addressed a letter to the several division and
subordinate commanders, asking them to meet for a discussion of the matter.
In answer to General Lawton's letter seventy-five officers met in the Govern
or's palace on July 31 and the society was organised.
The following officers were elected to serve for one year: President. Major
General W. R. Shafter; first vice president. Major General Joseph Wheeler;
Pecond vice president. Major General J. Ford Kent; third vice president. Ma
jor General H. W. Lawton; fourth vice president. Major General John C.
Bates; secretary and treasurer. Major Alfred C. Sharpe; historian. Major G.
Crelghton Webb; registrar general. Major Philip Reade; first division regis
trar. Captain L. W. V. Kennon; second division registrar. Captain James T.
Kerr; third division registrar. Captain Charles Morton; and fourth division
registrar. Lieutenant Colonel John Jacob Astor.
The following officers were elected members of council of the society:
Major Generals S. B. M. Young. H. S. Hawkins, A. R. Chaffee, William Lud
low and S. S. Sumner: Rrigadier Generals Albert Ames, Wallace F. Ran
dolph and Chambers McKibbln; Colonel Theodore Roosevelt and Lieutenant
Colonel John D. Mlley.
According to the constitution the purpose of the organization is to record
the history and conserve the memory of the events of the campaign which re
sulted in the surrender on the 17th day of July. 1898, of the Spanish army, the
City of Santiago de Cuba and the military province to which it pertained. All
officers and soldiers of the United States army, including acting assistant
surgeons and authorized volunteer aids, who constituted the expeditionary
force to Santiago de Cuba, and who worthily participated in the campaign be
tween the dates of June 14 and July 17. are eligible for membership in the so
ciety. The fiscal year of the society begins September 15, upon which day
its constitution was formally adopted. No entrance fee 1b required, and the
dues are $1 a year.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 7, 1899.
"I'm hungry," said Daverkosen.
"11l take it."
For weeks previous St. Joseph's poor
box was being systematically pilfered,
and traps were laid for the capture of
the thief. The "man" led Davcrkos-n
into the trap. The box was open and
there \v:is ::•< cento in it. The hungry
man put out his hand fnr the coins
all marked— and John Mclnerney. the
sexton, pounced upon him .md handed
him over to the stern hand of the law.
For this offense Daverkosen was
sentenced to six months' imprison
ment in the County Jail. On account
of his eagerness and willingness to
work the prisoner has never been con
fined in a cell, but has utilized his
trade— painter— for the Improvement of
the prison.
Immediately upon his release from
jail H is the prisoner's intention to
leave for Holland. "First to Holland.
to get possession of my money, and
then Germany, all over Germany," he
said. "My wife is in Germany. I want
to rind h«*r and beg her to forget, to
forgive and to return to me."
Daverkosen is a native of Holland,
but was educated in Germany. When
the Franco-Prussian war was declared
he was a lieutenant in Holland's army,
but went over to Germany, offered
his services and was appointed a staff
officer under Yon Moltke.
Besides the wealth that comes to
him from the old country it is said
that the man who tried to take 30
< i :it r- from the poor box of a church
will upon the death of his stepmother,
who lives in the immediate vicinity of
this city, inherit something like
$300,000. When asked why he did not
appeal to his relatives when in dis
tress Davorkosen replied "I was too
proud."
TRIED TO KILL
HER HUSBAND
WITH A RAZOR
Mrs. J. M. McCarthy
Attempts Murder.
INFLICTED A LONG GASH
CLAIMS HER SPOUSE WAS A
FAITHLESS BRUTE.
She Regrets That the Man Who Beat
and Starve^ Her Is Not Oocu
pying Space at the
Morgue.
"He is a faithless brute, and I am sorry
I did not kill him." said Mrs. James M.
McCarthy, who was arrested last night
for trying to end her husband's life with
a razor. She sat behind steel bars at the
City Prison, and although she tried hard
to show little concern over her action,
she could not repress the tears that
welled up in her eyes when she narrated
the cruel treatment accorded her by the
man who is in law her husband, but who
pf-rsists in telling people that the un
fortunate woman who bears his name is
not his wife.
| James M. McCarthy was driven hurried
ly to the Receiving Hospital, suffering
from a terrible push in the back of his
neck, which be 'asserts was inflicted by hi 3
wife. Numerous stiti hea were necessary
t' close Up the gaping wound, and Dr.
Tormey, the physician or. duty, said that
had the razor wielder been a trifle surer
in her stroke, stitches would have been
unnecessary, as the wounded man would
have succumbed before- reaching the hos
pital. McCarthy refused to speak about
the affair, not because he might do his
wife an injustice, but because he might
lose his position. Officer Harry O'Day.
who arrested ihe woman, subpened the
injured man, but it is unlikely that he will
put in an appearance in court this morn
ing, as he lias no desire to prosecute his
better half.
"He dare not prosecute me." his wife
vehemently said, when giving her reasons
for attempting the life of her husband.
"I'll have him arrested, the brute, for
ill-treating me. and he will get the worst
of It. Why. last night he came home un
der the Influence, of liquor, and because I
paid something to him he caught my head
ui«der bia arm and nearly choked me. He
caused me so much pain that when I got
up this morning 1 could hardly move my
neck."
To prove this statement, the prisoner
Showed the marks on her neck. She also
said her husband was an artesian well
borer, and was extremely powerful. Hi 3
appearance bore out the latu-r statement.
"He has beat mo." she continued,
"starved me. said vile things about nu-.
until I had no otiier recourse than to
either kill him or myself. He has been
going around with other women, and has
even flaunted it in my face. Why. lust
night he came home with a pocketful
01 money, and although there was n.u a
Mii-k of wood in the bouse to bir' '
fire, or a bite to tat. h<> 1 ft me to me«t
another woman. * ould you expect n.>
act differently?
"I found a razor sticking out of his
cc-at pocket, and 1 took it and laid in
wait for him. I tried to catch up with him
twice, but failed. The third time I caught
him at Ninth and Folsom streets and
plunged the knife into his neck. I at
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WHEN HOPE
! • HAS FLED
Life Becomes a Burden That
Many Cannot Bear:
NO MAN KNOWS THE TORTURES OF DE-
spondency unless they have experienced that
molt deplorable condition of the human mind.
A man without hope is at the mercy of the de-
mon of insanity and may at any time become a
victim of the suicidal mania. Any man, young
or old, married or single, who is afflicted with
a weakness or a disease cannot possibly feel
that buoyancy which is necessary to success
and happiness. DR. MEYERS & CO. have long
been noted for giving to debilitated men new
hope, new life, new courage and new ambi-
tions. If you are not as strong and as well
as you should be consult these great specialists.
They are better equipped and have had more
experience in curing men than other doctors.
You can consult them absolutely, free, and
they WILL WAIT FOR THEIR PAY TILL
YOU ARE CURED.
DR. MEYERS A CO. Trent weakness and dis-
eases of men only and cure the following ail-
ments:
Kidney Diseases,
B!?;dd p Diseases, .
Spine Diseases,
Liver Diseases,
Heart Diseases,
Blood Oi <cas:s
■^kin Disease-,
P/*em tup.- Decay,
Unnatural Losses,
Wasting Drains, ' ■. .
INervous Debi ity,
Stricture, Rupture,
Piles, Vari;ocele.
Special Diseases-
They make a specialty of dangerous and
. complicated cases. They cure many men every
month who had been given up to die by other
physicians. '
PR VATE BOOK— ' URES '
DR. MEYERS & CO. cure and restore a
great many men every year without' seeing
them. Sufferers who cannot call should write
for their book, "MARRIAGE GUIDE- PRI-
VATE COUNSELOR FOR MEN," symptom
blanks, prices and full particulars of their won-
derful Home-Cure system. Correspondence con- !
fidential.
Advice Free— No Pay Till Cured.
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
731 Market Street, S. F.
Take Elevator to Third Floor.
I Dally. 8 to 5.
HOURS Evenings, 7to 8.
I Sundays, » to lLly-:-
tempted to kill him, but failed. I am
sorry I was not successful."
Mrs. McCarthy was booked on a charge
of an assault with a deadly weapon.
Ben Fisher's Luck.
Ben Fisher, an experienced miner, well
known in Plymouth, Amador County, Bo
die, Mono County. California; Virginia
City and Silver City, Nevada, writes to
his brother-in-law in Alameda that he
struck a very promising quartz ledge
sixty miles east from Circle City, which
Is from 5 to 7 feet wide, runs north and
south, and tips east in a slate formation.
It prospects $122 of free gold to the. ton,
and is rich in sulphurets. The ledge
runs through the richest gravel mines of
the Circle City mining district.
Withstood a Fearful Shock.
Suit was filed yesterday against the
General Electric Company by Edward J.
Crawford, who seeks to recover $11 .WK)
damages for personal injuries. He al
leges that while employed in the South
ern California Power Company's works in
Santa Ana Canyon, which were then un
der the charge of the defendant corpora
tion, owing to the negligence of the com
pany's agents and employes he was
thrown in contact with a live wire which
registered 18,000 volts. The current en
tered his head and burned out through
his heels, he alleges, injuring him for life.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
[LETTER TO MRS. PINKHAM NO. 94.3981
''lam so grateful to you for what
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound has done for me that I feel as
— though I must
■#/__„_,_. tell about it. A
Yfosnen year &go z was
Would SUB*G- taken very sick.
fy Try Mrs. Doctorsconia do
Pinkham's TZT^Z
Medicine if pa in which i
They Only nac^ almost con-
Knew, Says O f ',£
Mt*Sm King Compound and
' took one bottle
and received benefit from it at once.
I have taken it ever since and now
have no backache, no pain in my
side and my stomach and bowels are
perfectly well. I can honestly say that
there is nothing like it. If I could only
tell every woman how much good your
medicine has done me, they would
surely try it."— M abtha M. King, North
Attleboro, Mass.
The way women trifle with health
shows a degree of indifference that is
past understanding. Happiness and use-
fulness depend on physical health ; so
does a good disposition. Disease makes
vomen nervous, irritable and snap-
pish. The very effort of ailing women
to be good-natured makes them ner-
vous. Write to Mrs. Pinkham, she will
help you to health and happiness.
It costs nothing to get Mrs. Pinkham's
advice. Her address is Lynn, Mass.
CLEANSING, /**&
BEAUTIFYING. y m>%
The grandest - combination on 4?itfL &
earth for cleansing, purifying \ -J*
and beautifying the skin ana
complexion Is WOODBURY'S Facial Soap and
WOODBURY'S Facial Cream. No Bdentltio
truth was ever more wonderful than the result*
accomplished by their us* In tba toilet and
bath. Sold everywhere.
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPhRA HOUSE
Telephone Main 532
A GREAT LYRic VICTORY!
AN IMMENSE AUDIENCE
HELD WILLING CAPTIVES.
ALL THIS WEEK AND
SATURDAY MATINEE.
GRAND DOUBLE BILL.
GRAND DOUBLE SUCCESS.
THE PIRATES ofPENZANCE
. ...
I PAGLIACCI.
In English.
Reserved seats. 25 and 50 cents; gallery, IS
cents.
Branch Box Just inside main entrance Em-
porium.
TiVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
•'Well Cast and Most Entertaining."— Call.
Scenic Revival of Johann Strauss' Masterpiece,
The Merry War
An Immense Ovation to Everybody's Favorite,
GRACIE PLAISTED.
SUPERB CAST! SPLENDID SCENERY!
CORRECT COSTUMES'.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 O'CLOCK.
NEXT MONDAY— "LA FILLE DE MA-
DAME AN GOT. " i.Vw
PRICES 25 Cents and 50 Cents
Telephone. Bush 9.
MATINEE TO-DAY (WED.), JUNE 7.
Parquet, any seat. 2iiO; Balcony, iuc. Chil-
dren, 10c, any part.
JOHNSTONE BENNETT'S VAUDEVILLE
CELEBRITIES IN CONJUNCTION
WITH ORPHEUM STARS.
JOHNSTONE BENNETT,
Assisted by ANTONIO WILLIAMS, .in "A
QUIET EVENING AT HOME."
The Mysterious! The Mystifying!
HOUDINI,
And MLLE. BEATRICE HOUDINI.
McAVOY AND MAY, Cyclonic Comedians.
WELL AND ARNOLD, Comedy Acrobats.
CLIFFORD AND HUTH. HENRI FRENCH,
MOUNG TOON. MONTGOMERY
AND STONE.
ALCAZAR
■ Curtain Rises Promptly at 8.
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK.
LEWIS MORRISON,
IN HIS GREAT CREATION,
HAMLET.
LAST MATINEE SATURDAY.
PRICES ...... JTTlfc, 25c 35c. s!c
Next Week— LEWIS MORRISON In "THE
MASTER OF CEREMONIES."
...OLYMPIA...
■*'- * Eddy "••. Cor. Vn«i->-i.
America's Moat Beautiful Music Hall.
MORE GREAT NEW STARS.
WALDO and ELLIOTT,
Sensational Aerial Artists.
GEO. H, WILSON,
Comedian and Dancer.
ANTONIO VARGAS,
Favorite Barytone.
WITH FAVORITES FROM LAST ' WEEK
MAKING AN EXTRA STRONG BILL.
, ADMISSION FREE. MATINEE SUNDAY. '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SUMMER CARPET AND RUG NEWS!
Delightful Patterns— Beauty Spots to
Walk On— at Pleasant Prices.
THE OLD-FASHIONED DAMASK INGRAINS, two sides to wear .......
Wjss: . ' 35C, formerly 5Qc
OLD-FASHIONED 3-PLYS ' . . . 78c, formerly $1.00
I GREAT BIG RUGS, to which the cunning little Japs hay.- given Oriental
co'orings and designs, 9x12, also sma.ler $10.80, formerly $15.00
OLD DUTCH CARPETS. XXX quality 29c, formerly 45c
The Celebrated "FAN TAN" and "NAGAYA" MATTINGS
$5.98 a roil, formerly $8.00 quality
Gut-of-town orders, wth i imens ons, given special attention.
J_._E_T CARPET CO.,
228 Powell Street, near Geary r
AMUSEMENTS.
AUDIENCES DELIGHTED.
KELCEY-^HANNON CO
■ — IN THE VC/'
NEW CO/VIEDY.
BY MRS. E. F. RIGGS.
NOTE— For Prize Title See To-night's Bul-
letin. __
EXTRA— THE GREAT EVENT.
NEXT MONDAY NIGHT
Mr. Charles Frohman Presents
MR. SitNRY ELLER
AND A SPECIAL COMPANY.
In Henry Arthur Jones' Comedy,
"THE LIARS!"
SEATS READY THURSDAY.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
S. H. Friedlander, Manager.
NO U H VOICE -■ EVER HEARD KET 7
Examiner — •'lnstead of one surprise, at least
half a dozen occurred."
Call— "Sala.asa would have been worth his
weight in bonds to the Ellis Company."
Chronicle — "The whole performance deserves
all the enthusiasm and vociferous applause
given it."
TO-NIOHT,
♦LUC I' DI L MMi-RMrOS."
REPERTOIRE FOR THE WEEK:
Thursday 'NORM.V
Friday "CAVALLERIA RUSTICANA"
And "I PAGLIACCA"
Saturday Matinee '•LUCIA"
Saturday "RIGOLETTO"
Reserved Ground Floor, $1 and *1 30:
j Balcony. EOc, 75c and $1; Gallery. 25c; Box and
, Loge Seats, each $1 50.
' Creeping Inti Town. Next Fan. Ni<rht THE TURTLE
CONCEPTS AND _._SORTS.
; DdlU'v ureat realistic
WAR PANORAMA!
f\Y frrt. W. O. ROLLINS
the eminent orator,
wit •» x i*-ctur<>9 half hourly.
iVioniio Market St.. ° - Eigit_
Admission 50c.
Bay? _!!^ll__«___-,
CHUTBS AND ZOO.
GREAT BILL IN THE FREE THEATER.
TO-MORROW (THUSSDiY) NIGHT,
AMATEUR MINSTRELSI
WITH LADY PARTICIPANTS.
Reserve Seats by Phone, Steiner ISSI.
Visit LUNETTE and the LONDON MAZE. ;
6UTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. H, TO 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. 11. TO 10:30 P. M.
ADMISSION, 10c: CHILDREN, sc.
' Bathinp. Including Admission, 25c: Children, 20c.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Santa Fe Route
The ONLY LINE Wi h Its Own
Tracks California to
Chicago.
Every day In th 3 year Pullman
Palace and Pullman Upholstered
Tourist Cars leave Oakland Mole
at 5:30 P. M. for CHICAGO and the
j EAST. :i
Close connection In Union Sta-
| tions at Junction points
DINING ROOMS are managed by
MR. FRED HARVEY, and are per-
fect In every detail, serving sump-
| tuous meals at regular hours and
reasonable rates.
No other line offers so many In-
ducements as the SANTA FE route.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKfOFHCE— HI MARKET SI,
TELEPHONE MAIN 15*1.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street
San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara Si
A Superb Train
WfjftTff.fr EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR
IRfUflion Pacific.
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOUT CHANGE.
BUFFET SMOKING AND LIBRARY CARS
WITH BARBER SHOP.
DOUBLE DRAWING ROOM SLEEPER*
' FREE RECLINING CHAIR CARS.
. PULLMAN TOURIST SLEEPERS.
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE).
ONLT 8% DATS TO CHICAGO.
IaMTM San Francisco daily at ( p. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. General Agent.
Ho. 1 Montcomery street. San Frandaoth
WORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via OatUKltt* fairy.
Commencing April 'ii, 1399.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO _JLL VALUE!
AND- SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— *S:00. >:30. 11:00 a. m.
•1:45, 3:20. 4:00. 6:i5, •6:00, 6:30 p. m.
" EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
6UNDA/S-*8:00. *9:00. •10:00, 11:00, 11:10
a. m.; 1:00. »1:45. •1:30. »4:00. 5:30, 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. «n. does not run to San Raf'l Sundays.
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. •«:40, 7:55. 8:40. »10:J0
a. in.. 12:30. 2:15. »3:40. 4:85, 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS- •8:00, *9:46, '10:45, 11:45
a. m.. 1:00. 2:20. »3:30. «5:15. •6:00, ' 7:00.; 10:15
p. m.
- Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS-5:45. J:5O. 7:55. 8:55, 10:85
a. m.: 12:36. 2:45. 4:55, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00, 10:20 p. m.
BUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:00. 11:10 a. m.: 18:05,
1:10. 2:40. 3:55. 5:30, 6:30, 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS. .
7:00 a. m. week Cazadero and way sta'ns.
8:20 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reves and way stations.. /•
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero ■ and way sta'ns.
1 1:45 p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and war ata'ns.
':';, RAILROAD TRAVEL.
MtI'TUKRX PACIFIC COMPART-.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
I Train Inn.- Ami »re «lv« to arrive •»»
NAM I lt»\« «».
(Main Lino, Foot of Market Street.)
leave — From June 1, 1899. — a*kxt«
7:00 a Benicia, .~*uißun and Sacramento. . . . Oi4sr
7:Oi. a MarysviKo Orovilla aud Redding via, '
Woodland Bi«r
. 7:0Oa Elmira, Vacaville and Rumsey Bs4sf
7:S«a Martinez, Siialtaraon, Vallejo. Naps,
Caligtoga and Santa Rosa 6:15r
8:OOa Atlautic l.iiir. (i '..i-u and Kaat.. Bi4Sp
MiIIOa Han .lose, -Lirermore, Htucktou, .-',*"..:
lono, Bacraim Plac:rrille,
Miiryafill.i. Chljo, ISlu« 4il»p
8:3Oa "Miiton, Oakdal.and . v oi;ora 4:l!»p
»:OOa Haj-K-anU Ml-.n and Way station*. 11:45*
»:O«\ Martinez. Tracy, LalUrop, Stookton,
Morc;rtend Fresno. 1»«13*
Vi»»A rritano, l'.akermiel.l. Smite lJm)iara,
1jo» A>:gclog. Deming, El Paso,
New Orleuis and East 6i43p
I 9:00 a Vallejo. Martinez and Way Station! 7:4.->p
1 1 :OOa Haywanls. Nilcs and Way Stations. 3:43p
12:00 m Kilts, Llveruiore. Stockton, Hacra-
mento, Mendota. Hanford. Visalia,
Pv.rterville 4:l»p
•l:OOp Sacramento If iver Steamers »SiOOp
3:OOp Oaywards, Niloa and Way Stations. Os4Sp
4:»Oi> Martinez. Han lUmon, Vallejo,
N.ipa, t'aUaloßA. SuiitaKoso, !)«18a
4i<)Or Benicia. Vaoaville, iSaci'iimento,
Wo • and, Kutglita Landing, . > ' :> .;
MaryßTille, Orovillo IO:4Ba
4::t'Jp Niles, . an Joso and Stockton 7:13p
4:20p emito Blecpfca Car for Raymond 12:10r
s:OOpTho Owl. Tracy. Fresno. Bakcra-
fleid. (Saugm for Santa Barbara,
L. s Angclss ' »:4»A
5:30p Stockton. Merced, Fresno 18«13p
S:3Op Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno, .
Mojaro and i.os Angeles Bi4lla
sia«p Santa I'd Koitt.o, Atlantic Kipresa
for Mojavo ami Kast 6«48p
O:«Oi- Rnropea.ll M:ul. ,lei. aud i:aat.... 9:49 a
«:OOp Haytvards, Niks end Kan Jose 7t 15a.
•0:0()i- Vullcjo..- lililSp
7t«M»rOrccou Mxiiroaa.HacrKineutii, Marys-
vill.-. Ufldlng, I'oitlan.l. Piiget
Sound uml l'.ast 7i4»a
)Sr**p Vallejo, Port CosU and Way Rta-
[ tiOM t'O:*Of
COAST DIVISION (Harrow (lunge).
. (Foot of Market Streets ___^
{7:43 a Banta Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Statioai fSiCSr
8:13 a Newark,Ccatcrvillc.f? an Jose, Fcltou,
Boulder Cr, el;, Santa Ortiz and Way
Htatlons 5«3«1>
2:l»p Newark, CenterTillo, San Jose, Now
Almadea, Folton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations Moi3oa
4<lsp San Jose, Olenwoo<l and Way Sta-
tions Oi2»a
1 Feltcn, Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
tiors /9taO4
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
JroraSlN FRINCISCO— root of U.rltet Street (Slin 8) —
•7:16 9:00 11:00 a.m. 1 1:00 *2:00 (3:01
•1:00 tB:DO *6:o>:m.
: frooOAlUND— FootofßroidwaT.— "f.:oo 8:00 10:00 A.M.
tI3:OD »l:00 t-.00 '3:00 ti:CO '3:00 r.M.
((►AST I»msio1 lOaati«).
(Tbird Townscnd
! •6:1 Oa Ocean View, South ban Frandcco.. *oiSop
•7tO«»A Han .Joro tun\ Vv'ny StnUtms (New
Aluiadcn Wednesdays only) li»Op
J7:3O a Sundsy Excursion for San Joso.
S»nt\ Cruz, Pudfl-3 GroTe and
Principal Way .Stations 18i 33 1
BiOO* Sun Jobu, Tres Piuos, Siinta Cruz,
Pacific Grove, l'asi> Rubles, San
J. ufs Obiapn, Guadalupe, Surf aud
Principal Way Stations 4il«p
1O:4Oa Sau Joss und Uny Stations # *iOOa
' 11:80 a Son J<>3o mid Way Stations St3or
■ai43rS.in Mateo, Redwood, Mcnlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San .lose,
Gllmy, Hollujter, Santa Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey ami Pacific
Crove *IOi8«4
*U:3Op Sau Joae and Way Stations *9:<>oa
•4sl3p San Joseaud Principal Way Statious 9:43 a
•5:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 0:33 a
5:30p Sau Joae and Principal Way Stations *8:33 a
O::iOp San Joae and Way Stations 7:30p
t11:45p San Jose and Way Stations 7:30p
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
'Sunday excepted. } Sunday only. t Saturday only.
bJlaturday ond Sunday /Sunday and Monday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN ST. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
. RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
BAN VRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; _;»,
! 1:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursday a— Extra, trla
! at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at 1:M
and 11:30 p. m.
BUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:10. IU,
1:00. 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; li:4L
1:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
! 1:56 and 6:55 p. m. ■ ■
! BUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40. 11:10 a. m. 1:40, 1:40, i:«k.
(:2S p. m.
Between San Francisco and Scbuetsen Park
' same schedule ac above.
Leave Arrive
' San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
_ April U. —
| Week Sun- 1599. Sun* Week
{ Days. days. Destination. days. Days.
7:Soam 1:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 1:40 am
S:tO pm 9:30 am Petaluma, (:0S pm 10:25 am
I 6:14 pm 6:00 pm Santa Ruea. 7:15 pm (:20 pm
Fulton,
T :3O am Windsor. 10 _mm
Eeald&burs;,
Lytton,
Geyserville, ■
1:80 pm S:M am Oloverdala, T:SB pm 6:10 pa
TiM am Hopland and 10:25 am
1:30 pm 8:00 am Uklah. 7:86 pm 1:20 pm
7:80 am . 10:25 am
8:00 am Quernevllle. 7:15 pm
1:10 pm . * «:W pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and -' *v*
1:10 pm S:M pm Glen Ellen. ' C:O6 pm 6:20 pm
7:80 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
1:30 pm 6:00 pm . | 7:36 pm| 6:20 prq
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs
! Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
: land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs.
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
! Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Pomow
i Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley 1
| Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle,
i BoonevlUe, Phllo, Christine, Soda Springs.
Navarrti, Whitesboro, Albion, Little River.
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Brags;.
Westport, Usal, Wlllitts, Laytonville, Cum-
mlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Ol sen's. Dyer.
Scotia and Eureka. .
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St.. Chronicle bl««.
H C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQIHI
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 2S. 1899, trains will ran as follows*
South-bound. I . North-bound.
\ Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Paasm»
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday get-.
Dally. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Dally.
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:46 pm 1:00 pm
1:10 am 2:06 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:11 pro
j 10:40 am 5:35 pm Fresno 9:80 am 2:42 pin
< 11:88 am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:43 pm
2:16 pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 am 6:25 pm Vlsalla 6:40 am 1:22 pra
0:15 pm 6:63 pm Tulare 6:50 am 1:05 pm
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections.
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office, $21 Market
>trMt. Ban Fraaclsco. _ ,
»ioUMT TAMAUPAIB WAIL WAV
irfave' ban i i-anciECo. via SausalitO Kerry.
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23. 1899.
WEEK DAYS. 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday, Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even- :
ings. Arriving in S. F. at 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS, 8. 9. 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45, l:lt
and 4 p. m.
On May 30 Trains Run on Sunday Tim*.
' Fare, 8. F. to Summit and Return, 11 44).
I THOS. COOK & SOU. Aft*.. 821 Mark*' -.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
FUMMART OF THE MARKETS.
Pllver a fraction lower.
■Wheat weaker. Barley lower.
Oats, Corn and Rye dull.
Hay and Feedstuff! about the same.
U<?an» and Seeds neglected.
Potatoes continue weak.
Cmlons steady.
Young Poultry lower.
Butter and Eggs firm and Cheese weak.
Fresh Fruits in good supply.
Lemons tins better.
Oranges firm. Limes quiet.
Pried Fruit dull and nominal.
No change in Provisions.
Wool well cleaned up and firm.
Hides scarce and higher.
Tallow easy.
Hops nominal.
Hogr weaker again.
Other Meats unchanged.
Codfish lower.
Canned Fruit* very strong.
No change in oils.
Lumber firm and active.
Larger arrivals of Coal.
Increased revenue collections.
DRIED FRUITS IN NEW YORK.
The Nfw York Commercial pays:
"The situation in prunes is unchanged.
Holders of spot stocks are firm in their views
nnd refuse to make concessions of importance
e\crpt uoon lots out of storage, which it is
rot deemed profitable to hold for high prices.
I/ate reports from the coast are to the effect
that this year's crop will be up to the average
In most localities, but here and there the yield
promises less than last year. Almost none are
left in first hands In California, and supplies
in second hands ore much reduced. Jobbers
here have all they care for at present and
there is little further demand probable.
"Raisins are quiet. There are occasional car
pales, but in the main sales are of small lots
fcr presont consumption. . Prices are steady.
Particulars of the recent sales have not been
made public, but according to the best infor
mation available the ;irice realised was close
up io market quotations. Foreign goods are
flat. No sales of importance have occurred re
< ently find buyer? refuse to make any bids
fnr gon.if at present.
"Peaches are quiet. Little trading Is done in
rid g.™.ls nd cpentng prices on new have not
boon made though dealers expect the an
ii-.unr-pment every day. The crop shortage
over practically the entire country has a
tendency to keep the market firm, even under
light offerings. It Is thought that opening
jirjrcs will be higher this year than ever be
forr-. . '
"Apricots are firm. There are but few In
market of the old stocks and opening prices
tn new grvods have not been made. The trade
is uncertain as to the future, but there ap
pears to be a well-grounded impression that
prices will he higher than last year."
REVENUE COLLECTIONS.
Internal Revenue collections in this district '
In May were $158,018. against $126,324 for the
fame month last year, and included $91,045 for
b»er. $58.7W for spirits. $23,442 for tobacco and
$78. 748 1 for war stamps. The collections thus
far this year amount to $1,274,570, against $676 -
■6, last year.
RECEIPTS OF COAL.
Receipts of Coal at this port thus far this
year amount to 678. tons, against 544.304 dur
ing the same time in 1898. and include 270 761
bian I^get Sound and 177,860 British Colum
titan.
WEATHER REPORT.
(130 th Meridian— Time
PAX FRANCISCO, June 6, 3 p. m.
Th» following maximum temperatures were
reports from stations In California to-day
Eureka. 52; Red Bluff, M; Sacramento, 84;
Fresno.T92; .<an Luis Oblspo. 64; Independence
*b Ljs Angeles, t,6; Pan Diego, 60; Yuma. t-S.
74: Isoo data Maximum temperature
.4: minimum, 58: mean. St.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AMI GENERAL
FORECAST. ' """"^
The weather is generally cloudy over Wash
■ s»s
s±ra s] ia«a£sa£Ss
Washington and Western Montana
thi r £^?5 U has risen over the Pacific during
Ore/ n i i^ 1 but has fallen slightly over
Oregon and Idaho In the past 12 hours
The temperature has fallen slightly over
Laarornla and Nevada and risen elsewhere west
of the Rocky Mountains
High north wind has prevailed in the Sacra
mento A alley during the day.
Conditions are favorable " for fair weather
Wednesday with less wind In the Interior
ForecMtiiiuuJe at Pan Francisco for 30 hours
ending- midnicht June 7, 1*99:
Northern California Fair Wednesday;
warmer along the coast; fresh northwest wind
Southern California— Fair Wednesday, except
Cloudy along the coast: fresh west wind.
Nevada— Fair: warmer Wednesday.
Utah— Fair: warmer Wednesday
Arizona— Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednesday
■warmer: fresh northwest wind.
G. H. WILLSON, Local Forecast Official
EASTERN MARKETS.
NETV YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, .Tun» 6— Business was r>n far \
too small a scale on the Stock Exchange to
day to warrant any well defined conclusion as
to the general temper of speculation or a Just
reflection' of business and financial conditions. !
But there was a very notable hardening of I
values in railroad securities, which was fol- I
lowed up as the day's business progressed by !
a rise in prices which embraced pretty much '
every railroad stock dealt m. This Strength i
started buying In Louisville, which was «>»«
--dentlj bought for London account. The bid
ding up of the price In this stock In the course
of executing buying orders imparted strength
to the whole group. Southern Railway pre
ferred and .Norfolk and Western preferred being '
the first to respond and the Grangers, Pacifies :
• sterns ani even s .me of the trunk lines
following this lead. Pennsylvania and Pitts- I
burg. Chicago. Cincinnati. Cleveland and St
Louis rose from 1% to s> . the latter stock, how
ever !o«!nr all but 1H of the advance. The
motive assigned by the buyers was the possi
bility that a more liberal policy toward stock
holders and less Insistence upon reinvestment I
or resources In equipment mleht follow the
change in administration made necessary by ;
1 resident Thompson's death. But the trading
for the most part was profoundly apathetic
and ere were minutes at a time when no tape
rame from the ticker. The action of profes
sional traders was all centered In Sugar and
the Utterly erratic movements of this stock were '
due to the enure uncertainty regarding to-mor- I
row s clvidend action. Advocates of the regu
lar dividend and of a reduction seemed equally
confident and equally numerous, so that the '■
ftock dipped below last night's level and re
bounded far above it. The extreme ran was
4-, points and the close was at a net gain of
1\ and within half of the top.
An ir.cldent of the trading to-day was some
targe wagers on the one hand that- to-morrow's
Mipar dividend declaration would be at the
regular rate and offers on the other hand to
sell ,'■ ■■ dividend on large amounts of stocks
lor less tlian the regular rate. The same dis
trustful attitude is maintained toward the iron
and steel Mocks, notwithstanding semi official
intimation a* to! the rate of coming dividend
declarations and Informal assurances that cur
rent earnings are far in excess of the proposed
dividend disbursement. Even the preferred
stocks of industrials, however regular may
have been their dividend records, continue far
below the prices of ordinary dividend-paying
railroad stocks which made the name, returns 011
money Invested. This distrust of Industrials
teems to be the most important element in the '
present dullness and heaviness or the- market'
A further small shipment of gold to-day was
as wholly without Influence in the stock market '
as well as In the foreign exchange market as I
those that have preceded It from the same in- !
Mltution. The conviction Is general that tne
outflow is the result of special conditions and
no longer an exchange situation.
The bond market was dull and generally firm i
though there were a few yielding spot! " Total '
eales. par value/ $2,210,000. United States old
fours registered and the fives advanced Mi in
the bid price.
The total sales of stocks to-day amounted to
232.65S shares, including: American Steel and
Wire, 25.900; American Steel and Wire pre
ferred, 3500: American Sugar. 46.600; American
Tobacco. 3000; . Anaconda. 3400; Atchison pre
ferred, 20,700: Brooklyn Transit, 21,200 Burling
ton. 11,080: Chicago Great Western, >""' Con
solidated Gas, 5300; Continental Tobacco 6300-
Federal Steel, 18.000; Federal Steel preferred' I
3400; Louisville and Nashville, 10,400; Manhat- i
tan. 700; Metropolitan Street Railway 3600-
Norfolk and Western, 8100; Norfolk and West
ern preferred. 5000; Northern Pacific. 5400-
Pennsylvania, 3200; People's Gas, 7300- Rock
Island. 2700; St. Paul, 5300; Southern Railway
3000;- Southern Railway preferred, 6600; Ten
nessee Coal and Iron. 8200: Union Pacific SSOO'
T.'nlon Pacific preferred. 1200; Wabash preferred'
1700; Western Union, 2500.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atch'.son 17% St Paul l 2 T i
Do prefd BSH Do prefd 170U '
Baltimore & Ohio. EC St VA Om jiu |
Canada Pacific... Wi. Do prefd 170
Canada. Southern.. 63 iSo Pacific 30%
Central Pacific 60% So Railway Hi! I
Thes & Ohio 24% Do prefd &OV4
Chi & Alton 150 Texas & Pacific... ISV4
Chi B & Q l"' 7 * Union Pacific 40%
Chi & E 111 75 • Do prefd. 74 u I
Do prefd 122 Wabash 73/ '
Chi c, W 13 Do Prefd 19s?
<~h! md & L 1 W& L E (new).... s£
Do prefd 41 M Do 2d pre, .i 23 .
Chi & N W l'-T>i Express Companies—
Do prefd 192 'Adams Ex 1 jo '
C C C * St L.... 52% American Ex ijj
Do prefd 97 ;Unlted States 43
De! & Hudson IIS Wells Fargo 1.1;
Del L 4- W 160 ! Miscellaneous—
Den * Rio G 22U'A Cot Oil.. 34^
Do prefd 77%: Do prefd.. VO%
Erie (new) 12% lAm Spirits .9
Do Ist prefd 34 I Do prefd 29
Ft Wayne 184 |Am Tobacco U4V£_
Gt Nor prefd 1644 Do prefd HO
Illinois Ontrai 133 ICons Gas 165
Lake Erie &. W 15 Com Cable Co 178
Do prefd 67 'Col V & Iron 4 -! \i
Lake Shore 203% Do prefd lOOVIi
Louis & Nash <>7 1 « Gen Electric ll/ 7 8
Manhattan L lOSJi Haw Com Co 110
: Met St Ry 212 Federal Steel li)%
: Michigan Central.. J Do prefd SHi
i Minn &St L 66 Intl Paper i:Vj
I Dp 2d prefd 92*4 Do prefd 73
I Mo Pacific 4'J; 8 Laclede.Gaa 52
i Mobile & Ohio 37 Lead 2b%
Mo X & T 11% Do prefd ll.i
I Do prefd 32% Brooklyn X T 110%.
I N J Central 115 Nat Lin Oil 3%
i N V Central 12;"- Pacific Mail 47-*
N YC & St L.... 1." People's Gas 117
Do Ist prefd 6S Pullman Pal 150
Do 2.1 prefd 30 Silver Certificates. til
1 Nor West 20% Standard R & T... 7%
I No Amer Co 11 •£ Sugar, 143* i
INo Pacific 46Vi Do prefd 117
! Do prefd 7514 TC & Iron 03%
; Ontario & W 2r>\ U S Leather 5%
Or R & N prefd... 69 i Do prefd 63*;,
Pac C Ist prerd 81 is Rubber si'-s
i Do 2.1 prefd 58 Do prefd Us
: Plttsburg IS4 Western Union 88%
Reading ;«' 4 Am S & \V Co ti'- 4
Do Ist j.refd 57%! Do [.refd ■..;
ROW 33 National Steel 40%
Do prefd : - Pacific Coast ;<r-.
Rock Island 11"'. Colo Southern oft
St Louis & S F... 1" 4 Do Ist prefd 4:;
Do prefd 70 | Do 21 prefd 17
■ Do 2d prefd 35% Nor & \V prefd 69
Bt Louis & S W... 12*» Cont Tobacco 45^
Do prefd 32 Do prefd Sl%
' CLOSING BONDS.
U P 2» re? 100 M X & T Ids 67
Do 3s 109% Do 4s 93%
Do coup 109% N V Cent Ists 115
U S new 4s reg 130* 8 N J Cent gen 65..i21
Do coup 130% North Carolina fis.l27
L' S old 4s reg....1)2N Do 4s 104
Do coup \U\ N P Ists 112
D 6Bs reg : 112*4 Do 3s 67%
Do coup 112 1 * Do 4s 106%
District 3.65s 119 N V C & S L 45.. 107%
Ala class A 110 Nor & W con 4s .. 95
Do B 110 I Do gen 6s 132
Do C 100 Or Nay Ists .• 113
Do Currency 100 Do 4s 103
Atch gen 4c 103 O S Line 6b 132
Do adjt 4s 82 V Do con 5s 118%
Canada So 2ds ....111 Reading Gen 4s .. V.\
C & O 4'-s 94% H Q \V lsts 100%
Do 5s t\9 St L * IM Con Bs.lU<4
C& X Con 7s 141 BL& S F Gen 65. 1243%
Do deb 5s 122 St P Con 165%
Chicago Term 45. .102% St P c & P 15t5. .124
D& R G Ists 106% Do 5s 12"i
Do 4s 103% So Ry 5s 110
■ E T Va & Ga 15t5. 105% -laniard R & T 6s. 87
■ Erie Gen 4s 72% Term new set 8a ... 95
Ft \V £• D C Ists.. 82 Tex & Pac 1Rt5....H3%
Gen ETec os 118 Do 2ds .">%
: G H & S A 6s Il3v; U P 4s 10S
Do 2ds 'iii-i Wabash Ist.*. 117%
!H&T CSi 11l ' Do 2ds 99%
Do con 6s In ■•> West Shore 43 114 v
lowa C Ist? 113 i\Vis Cent lsts 74»i
X C P * G Ists.. 66 !\'a Centuries 85%
I/a new con 4s ....110% Do deferred 8
L & N Uni 4s 88% Colo So i* 87
MINING STOCKS.
Choilar 27 Ontario SCO
Crown Point 24 Ophir 100
I Con a l &Va 260 'Plymouth 10
' Deadwood 50 : Quicksilver 2 00
Gould & Curry 26 Do prefd 700
Hale A- Norcross... Sierra Nevada 70
Homestake 60 CO 'Standard 2 2.".
i Iron Silver 55 Union Con 40
Mexican 40 Yellow Jacket 32
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— West End 93
j Call loans 3%®! Do prefd 116%
] rime loans 6V»©4% Westingh Elec ... i■ -4
Stocks — Do prefd 65
A T & St Fe 17% Brooklyn R T HOVi
Do prefd 55% Bonds—
Amer Sugar 144 Atchison 4s 102
Do prefd 118 i Mining: Shares-
Bell Tel 335 Adventure 10%
Boston & Albany.. 2s6 Allouez Mm Co .. 7%
Boston Elevated." 103% Atlantic 29%
Boston A Maine... lS2 Boston &• M0nt. ..325
• Chi Bur & Q 12'\ Butte & Bopton — 71
Ed Elec 111 tW Calumet & Hecla...Sos
FltchburK prefd ...116'^ Centennial 33- a
Gen Electric 117 Franklin 19
Fed Steel 5914 Humboldt : l 2
Do prefd ........ Rl% Osceola 81
I Mexican Cent 12 Parrott 55
Mich Tel 92 Quincy 155
NY & X Ens pfd.loo Santa Fe Copper.. 12
Did Colony 204 . Tamarack 215
Old Dominion — 3«% Winona 14
i Rubber 51% Wolverine 41%
Union Pac 41 [Utah 39
Union Land 7 I
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. June <>.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram pays:
The markets here were, quiet but Irregular.
I but the closing was hopeful on favorable ex
pectations of the result of the Transvaal con
ference. Americans opened steady. Chesapeake
and Ohio and Louisville and Nashville went a
shade above parity, then weakened New York
; came better, but there was a reaction, and the
1 closing was at about the weakest.
Coppers were flat. Tintcs, 18%; Anacondas,
10%: Utah?. 8.
Silver was weak.
The bank bought to-day £22,000 gold in bars.
CLOSING.
LONDON, June Consols for money.
in? 11-16; Consols for the account, ' T «: Cana- '
dian Pacific. 102%: Northern Pacific preferred. i
7Vsc; Union Pacific preferred, 7.'^c: Atchison,
18%; Grand Trunk, B%; Anaconda, 10%.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND MERCHANDISE.
NEW YORK. June 6.— FLOUR— Receipts, 1*!.- 1
933: exports. 9218: quiet and generally weaker,
except for spring- bakers; winter patents. $3 90
@4; winter straights. ??, 5(V!?3 65; Minnesota pat- ■
ents. $4® 4 15; winter extras, $2 ♦^'■'■7" 10. !
WHEAT— Receipts, 130,400 bushels; exports, |
94,874 bushels. Sales. 4,215,000 bushels futures, j
t60.000 bushels spot and outports. Spot. dull.
I No 2 red. K**>r spot and to arrive f. o. b.
afloat; No. 2 red. 80% c elevator: No. 1 Northern ;
Duluth, 82%@83%C f. o. b. afloat to arrive:
' No. 1 Northern Duluth. 82^ f. o. h. afloat
' spot. Options— Opened weak and received lit
tle or no support all day. They were de
pressed by further liquidation coupled with
weak cables, prospective new wheat arrivals
i in the Southwest, heavy St. I^ouis selling and j
light clearances. Closed weak at IV" IV net
July decline. July. 80 8-16@Sl%c, closed 80% c; j
September. 80K61 15-16 c. closed SO%c; December,
Sl<i»<i2%c, closed Sic.
HOPS— Steady.
WOOL— Steady.
METALS- The metal market continues In the
j same narrow rut followed for days with the ,
tendency of prices, if anything, downward,
under sheer absence of demand. At the close
the Metal Exchange callfd:
PIG I RCX— quiet at 512 nominal.
LAKE COPPER— Very dull at ?1S 50 nominal.
TIN Dull and shade easier, with $25 50 bid
and J25 60 asked.
LEAD— Very quiet, with $4 45 bid and $4 50
asked. The brokers' price for lead Is $4 25 and
for copper $18 50.
SPELTER— DuII, at $4 65 nominal.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, unchanged
to ■"■ points net higher. Sales, 15,000 bags, In- I
1 eluding: July. $4 70@4 80; August. St 80; Sep
'■ tember $4 90*g4 95; October, $:•; November. (5;
December, J5 40: May. 16 60. Spot coffee— Rio,
: dull. No. 7 Invoice. 6%c; No. 7 Jobbing, 6%c. ;
I Mild— Quiet. Cordova, &@l3c.
SUGAR— Raw. strong. Fair refining, 4 3-lGc;
centrifugal, 96 test, 4 11-16 c; molasses sugar,
4 11-16 c. Refined— Firm.
BUTTER— Receipts, 13.674 packages. Firmer.
"Western creamery. I5®18c; factory, 11%42 ! 13%c.
EGGS— Receipts, 11,578 packages. Market firm
er. Western, 14@15c; Soutnern, 10@12%c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, June 6. — California dried fruits
" EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 7®Bc;
prime wire tray, 8%@8%c; choice, 8&W0O; fan- 1
cy, 8%e9%C.
PRUNES— 3U@9c.
APRICOTS— 14&14% c; Moorpark, 14®
18c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled. 9'^@llc.
CHICAGO' GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. June 6.— Wheat at the opening
still showed the weakness that characterized
the market late yesterday. Much wheat was
i offered on account of the. favorable crop condi
tions prevailing and in addition early news was
! all against prices. The result was an open- ;
I ing decline In July of from %®%c, July start
! ing at 76Vt®76%c. This was (.lose to "put"
1 price and buying against those privileges
, caused a temDorary reaction to 76% c. That
demand satisfied, the market again declined) |
and for the remainder of the session was de- !
cidedly weak. Liverpool cables showed l%d '
decline. During the afternoon liquidation, 1
which had been steady from the start, became
very heavy. July at one time showed 2c d.
dine, but recovered slightly at the close. July
opened at 76 1 : V, advanced to 76% c, de
clined to 74% c and closed at 75c.
1 Corn was remarkably firm considering the j
■ weakness of wheat. It showed some weakness
i at the start, partly from the favorable weather
i and large receipts, but at the decline there
I whs a good demand from shorts. The market
closed steady at V4®Vic decline.
. Oats held fairly steady on a small amount of
trading. July left off a shade lower.
Provisions were very quiet but firm. ling
receipts were light and yard prices higher.
Packers were moderate sellers, but all offer-
Ings were absorbed by shorts. At the close
July pork was 2%®5c higher a.nd lard and ribs
each Cc higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. LoV Close.
Wheat No. 2—
July 76V4 76% '4% 75
' September 77V4 , 77% 75% 76
1 December 78% 7«% 77 77
Corn No. —
July 33% 33:4 33% 33% '
I September 34 34' 4 33* 34 j
; December 33% 33% 33">i 33^4 1
j Oats No. 2—
' July 23% 23% 23 23' i i
I September 2"% 203 i 204 20%
Mess Pork, per barrel— >
July 820 S 27% S 17-.., 5 2211.
September . 840 845 8 31% 8 40 '
- Lard, per 100 pounds —
July 5 02% 610 5 02Vi 5 07' i
September 5 17% 5 22% 515 520 '
1 Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
July :...... 4Co 4 72% 465 470 !
September 4 77% .4 85 : 4 77% 4 82%, 1
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, steady; No. 2 spring wheat, nominal; j
r-hnii
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 7, 1899.
No. 3 spring wheat, 73% c: No. 2 red. 77% c; No.
2 corn. 35c; No. 2 oats, 245i24»ic; No. 2 white.
24 8 4 No. 3 white, 24' 4 c: No. 2 rye, 56@57Vie;
No. 2 barley, 36% c: No: 1 flaxseed. $1 03; prime
timothy seed, $2 30 bid; mess pork, per barrel,
J8 2OOS 25; lard, per 100 . pounds. $5 02Vi<@5 05;
short rib sides, loose, $4 50(5 4 75; dry salted
shoulders, boxed, 4HiS4\c; short clear sides,
' boxed, $4 95®5 05; whisky, distillers' finished
I poods, per gallon, $1 26; sugar, cut loaf, 6.02 c;
! granulated, 6.52 c.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 19.0O) 9.000
Wheat, bushels 149.000 . 7.000
Corn, bushels 488.000 . 439,000
Oats bushels.. 462,000 .543,000
Rye, bushels 5,000 2,000
Barley, bushels 15,000 4.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
i market was firm: creameries. 13%(i?18c; dairies,
10© 16c. Cheese, easy. 81408%& Eggs, steady;
fresh, 12c.
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
| Wheat— July. Sept.
; Opening 6 H • 6Hi
Closing 5 11% 6 %
PARIS FUTURES.
"Wheat— June. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 20 50 20 90
Closing 20 50 20 90
Flour— : . : '
1 Opening 43 75 2S 60
Closing 43 75 28 50
AVAILABLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK, June 6.— Special cable and tele
graphic advices to Bradstreet's indicate the
following chances In available supplies last
Saturday:
Wheat, United States and Canada, east of
I the Rocky Mountains, increase 1,743,000 bushels;
i afloat for and in Europe, increase 100,000.
I Total supply, increase 1.843.000 bushels.
I Corn. United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, increase 342. bushels.
Gate, United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, increase 725,000 bushels.
Among the more important decreases re
■ ported to liradstreefs, not given In the official
I visible supply statement, are those of 200,000
I bushels at Fort William and Keewatln, 15,000
at Manitoba storage points and 125,000 at
Northwestern interior elevators. The principal
increases are those of 112,006 bushels at Chicago
elevators, 93,000 at Joliet, 59,000 at Cleveland
and 57,0(«) at Omaha.
The aggregate stock of wheat held at Port
' land, Or., and Tacoma and Seattle. Wash..
i remained practically unchanged last week.
The aggregate stock of wheat held in and
afloat for Europe in the United States and
■ Canada and Australia on or about June 1. 1893.
1 was 124.327.wi0 bushels, as against 125.013,000 on
; May 1. 1899, and 102.515,000 on June 1 one year
| ago. Following are the details:
June 1. May 1, June 1,
1899. 1899. 1898.
Europe and
I afloat 71,100,000 55.500.000 67,200,000
United States
and Canada 45,727.000 51.713.000 30.715.000
; Australia .... 6.900.000 7,800,000 4,600.000
Totals ....124,327,000 125,013,000 102.515,000
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
j CHICAGO, June CATTLE— The light sup
ply of cattle to-day was sufficient to meet the
; moderate requirements of buyers, and prices
were barely steady. Fancy cattle were quoted
] at $5 50®G 80, good to choice steers at $5 05(#
5 45 and commoner grades at $4 36@6; feeding
cattle sold at $3 70@6-10; bulls, cows and heif
ers, J2@6, the latter price for choice heifers and
Western fed steers at J4'55 35. A fair supply
of calves changed hands at the recent decline
in prices, best grades bringing J6 25@7 and
commoner grades $4@6.
HOGS— Meager offerings resulted In a sharp
advance in prices, most sales being at a 10c
advance. Prime heavy, hogs brought $3 90 and
prime light sold up to $3 92V£. Pigs sold large
ly at $3 4503 05. The extreme range of prices
[ was $3 4.V(J3 92 1
SHEEP The demand for sheep was again
poor and prices suffered a futher decline. Ordi
nary to prime sheep sold at $f(?5. culls bring
ing $2 ,"'V 3 75, rams $3(53 50 and ewes $4.
dipped lambs were slow at $3 7508 75. Wooled
I Colorado brought $5 95(26 and spring lambs $4 35
®6 75.
Receipts— Cattle, 2000; Hogs. 16.000; Sheep.
WOO.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT PALES.
CHICAGO, June California fruits sold to
day: Prunes— Tragedy, $2 25.f?3 15 single crate.
Plums— Abundance. $1 R5<7,2 10 single crate; St.
Catherine, $1 05<<?l 20; Royal Hatlve, ?sc«?sl 20-
Clyman. fiocgsl 20; Cherry, Hoc. Apricots-
Royal, $1 40^1 95 single crate. Cherries— Royal
Anne. $lf 3 20 box; Centennial, $1 35i0l 90-
Elton, $1 70; Tartarian, 7.icffsl 85 box and 90c
half box: Republican. $1 65; Black Blgarreau,
$lgl 65; Cleveland, $1 20-gl 60; Blngs, $1 45;
Graffen, $1 45; Oregon. $1 20igl 50. Peaches-
Governor Wood, $1 10@l 4;, box; Alexander 85c
«m 45.
NEW YORK, June 6.— California fruit sold
to-day: cherries— Royal Anne, $2 20Ti2 95 box:
Napoleon. $1 60; Black Bigareau, $1 230] 50;
Centennial. $1 30; Tartarian, aOcjm 55; Gover
nor Wood. 75c551 30; Rockport. $1 10.
PHILADELPHIA. June 6.— The Ear! Fruit
Company's sales of California fruit at auction
to-day were as follows: Royal Apricots $2 .'.o-iv
2 90, average $2 64; Hale"? Early Peaches, aver
age $2 40: flyman Plums. $1 40®2 IS. average
SI sr,; Alexander Peaches. $1 3002 15. average
$1 66; Royal Anne Cherries $1 05«] 73. average
$1 II: Black Republican, average $1. Car gross
ed $2116.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON. June S.— The w0,,l market here ron
tlnues to maintain a strong tone, but the vol
uri<- of business Is not so great as the last few
weeks. Territory wool sold firm on the scoured I
basis of 43®46c for fine medium and fine. Fleece
wools ar» quiet, but some sales are reported on ;
the higher basis of prices. Quotations:
Territory wools— Montana and Dakota: Fine '■.
medium and fine. 14ft 16c; scoured, 45c; staple.
■I 1" 1 '-•• T'tah. Wyoming, etc.: Fine medium
and fine, H'TilKc; scoured, 42't44c; staple, W'u4iic.
Idaho: Fine medium and fine, 12^15c; scoured
42944 c.
Australian, scoured basis— c-imbinp superfine,
75c; good. 70(5 73c; average, 68070 c
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., June 6.— Clearings, $264.
--455; balances, J39.R62.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., June fi.— The Wheat market
has re.eded under the pressure of poorer cables I
from abroad and abnormally higher rates de- i
mandfd by ship owners. Flfty-ei^ht cents was 1
generally quoted for Walla Walla to-day, but '
some dealers ventured %c more, and reports j
drifted In from the interior to the effect that !
59c had bepn offered. Valley Is dull at 59c and
blue stem nt fiv r f6lc.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash . June 6— Wheat remains
steady. Two vessels are loading here now, hut I
tonnage |p scarce and freight high, which i
means no advance in prices for grain. Quota
tions for the local market remain at 58% c for
club and fil^c for blue stem.
NEW ORLEANS COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS, June 6.— No market. Holi
day.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, -Tun" 6 —Consols. 108 13-10; Rilvor,
27 Ilfl6d; French rente*. 102f 22Hc; wheat car
pr>es off coast, nothing dolnc; cargoes on pas
sace, quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1 standard
California, 3(>s fid; Ensrllsh country markets,
steady,
LIVERPOOL .Tune 6.— "Wheat, firm; French
country markets, steady.
COTTON Uplands. 3 13-32 d.
CLOSINO.
WHEAT Spot- Firm. Futures— Dull ; July, fis
ll%d; September. 6s %<\.
Receipts of wheat during the past three days
203.00(1 centals, including 119.000 American
CORN Spot American mixed new. quiet, 3s
v 4!; American mixed old, quiet. 3s a^d. Fu
tures Quiet; .lune, nominal; July, 3s 6%d; Sep
tember, 3s fid.
Receipts of American corn during the. past
three days. 128,700 centals.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 86%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89
Sterling Cables — 490
New York Exchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Mexican Dollars — 49%<g>50
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— small carrier has
been chartered at 28s 9d, usual options, which
establishes quotations. The market continues
quiet. The chartered wheat fleet In port has
a registered tonnage of 19,667, against 3842 tons
on the same date last year; disengaged, 28 400
tons, against 10,280; on the way to this port
204,225 tons, against 239,800. . . '
I WHEAT— The Pyrenees takes for Cork 80 308
ctls, valued at $90,300.
The situation remained about the same yes
terday. There were trie usual stereotyped re
ports of damage to the Russian and Rou
manian crops, rain in the Northwest, etc Th«
condition of the Illinois crop was reported low—,
possibly as low as 33. Large speculative liqui
dation of long Wheat caused a decline at Chi
cago, and this market was soft In sympathy
li r^«??3- at 6hlpp ' ni? ' * l ° 7Vb ' s ' l 10: mlllfn *<
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session —9:ls o'clock — December—
MOO ctls. $1 20; 14.000. $1 19%; 24.000. $1 19™
Second Session— December— 4000 ctls $1 20
--2000. $1 20%: 10,000. $1 19%. '
Regular Morning Session— December— 14 000
ctls. $1 19%; 2000, $1 19%. " lW
Afternoon Session— December — 18,000 ctls
$1 OH; 0000, $1 19; 201*. ■ $1 18*4;- 6000,. $1 iris?'
--64,000. $1 15.4: 2000." $1 18%; 42,000, $1 18^; 34 000*
$1 18%: 20,000. $1 18. May-2000. •$1 22% ; lo'ooo'
$1 22%: .8000. $1 22. ;■■ . . ' '
BARLEY — Spot prices are lower and the mar
ket If dull. ail3Wffet(|'l b iJlHi*>Hi'iiJl
Feed, $I@l 06; Brewing, $1 07Vi®l 10 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— Seller '99, new— j
ctls. 84% c; 10,000, S4%e. -y-. • v..-
Afternoon Session— Seller '99, new— 6ooo ctls,
84?ic.
— Continue in small supply and dull at
unchanged prices.
Fancy Feed. $1 47mgl 50 per ctl: good to
choice. $1 42Vsil 474: common. $1 32Vi@l 40;
Surprise, $1 50@l 65: Gray, $1 rtifrl 45: Milling,
$1 45m 50 per Ctl; Red, $1 35-61 40; Black. $1 30
SI 32%.
CORN— Spot stocks are light and the mar
ket is dull and unchanged.
Small round Yellow, $1 30®l 32%; Eastern
large Yellow. $1 12t<.; White. $1 15@1 17U;
mixed,- $1 10 per ctl; California White, nominal.
RYE— Is nominal at 97V2C<g$l 02% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
I FLOUR— California family extras. S3 60<ff3 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40@3 60; Oregon
and Washington, $3 40@3 45 per barrel for extra, |
$3 25@3 40 for bakers' and $2 20@2 50 for super
fine.
MILLSTUFFS- Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal, %2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal. $2 60; ex
tra cream Cornmeal. $3 25; Oatmeal. $4 50@4 75;
Oat Groats, $4 75: Hominy, $3 25©! 50; Buck
wheat Flour. $4(54 25: Cracked Wheat. $3 75;
Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50: Rolled
Oats (barrels), {6 86®6 95; In sacks, $6 BS@6 75;
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 lbs. -; •v- ■
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Bran and Middlings are firm and unchanged.
Hay continues dull, in spite of light arrivals,
though the feeling is firmer if anything. A
cargo of new Island Barley, wet and otherwise
poor, sold at $5 56 per ton. ,
BRAN— SI 6 So@l7 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $23<?24 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25(g 1 26 50; Job- !
bing, $27 60; Cocoanut Cake, J21@22; Cornmeal, ■
$23 50<524 50: Cracked Corn, $24fi>25: Mixed \
Feed. $15916; Cottonseed Meal, $24@26 per ton. I
OLD HAY— Wheat, $104111 50 for good to |
choice and $SS'9 50 for lower grades; Wheat and
Oat, $SSIO 50: Oat, $709 50; Barley, $6@B; Al
falfa. $5@7.
NEW HAY— Wheat, $7 50@S 50; "Wild Oat, $6
@7; Alfalfa; $4 50<fT6 50 per ton.
STRAW— 2S@SOc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
There Is nothing new to report, the market
being dull.
BEANS— $1 4001 50: Small 'White. $2
©2 16; Large White, $155^165; Pinks, $1 SO®
1 80; Reds, $2 35; Blackeye, $4@4 15: Butters,
nominal; Llmas. $3 90(g4: Peas, J2<£2 35; Red
Kidneys, $2 si>jr2 70 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 2%@3c; Flax, nominal; Canary Seed,
2«ic per lb; Alfalfa, S«4@9V>c; Rape, 3@3%c;
Hemp. 4Vi's44c; Timothy 4\':'.' 4 .v
DREID PEAS— Niles, $1 6001 90; Green, $1 75
($2 25 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes continue weak under free arrivals.
Onions are rather steadier. *»•"':
The market is oversupplled with String
Beans, which are weaker. Summer Squash is
also coming in more freely. Otherwise there
is no change.
POTATOES— New Early Rose, in boxes. $1 50
(ifl 75: Burbanks. $1 65®1 I'O per ctl on tne
wharf, with sales at $2.
ONIONS— New. 25@40c per sack for red.
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, $I®l 60 per box
for No. 2. $1 TV.,? 25 for No. 1 and ?2 50 for
fancy; Rhubarb, 60c@$l 23 per box; Green Peas,
lH<S3c per lb; String Beans fom Los Angeles,
3@f.c for preen and I@sc for Golden W-ix;
String Beans from Vacavllle, "Ir7c for green
and 6@Bc for Wax; Horse Beans. 50c per sack;
Cabbage, $101 15; Tomatoes. $1 60@2 per box:
Mexican Tomatoes, $1 2:.'; 1 50; Egg Plant, 10ft)
12HC per lb; Garlic, 4@sc for new; Dried Okn,
15c per lb; Dried Peppers, 10c; Green Peppers,
12^j®15c; Carrots, 30940 c per sack; Hothouse
Cucumbers, — — per dozen: Sacramento .in 1
Marysvllle Cucumbers, $1 it.T/2 per box: sum
mer Squash, 50@75c per box for Vacavllle and
$1 2."(&1 76 lor Bay; Green Corn, So@4oc per
dozen.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Younr Poultry Is weaker under larger arri
vals. Another car of Eastern goes on to-day.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, 14916 c for Gob
blers and 14ffl r for Hens; young Turkeys, ISc;
Geese, per pair, $1 2,'^fl 50: Goslings. $1 25®1 50:
Ducks, Wai* for old and Js@fi for young; Hens,
$5 30<i5S 50: young Roosters, $6fiS; old Roosters.
jr. 50#6; Fryers. J6®s 60; Broilers. $3 5004 60 for
large, $2 5003 for small; Pigeons, SI 75®2 25 per
dozen for old and $1 75@2 2.'. for Squabs.
Nominal.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Th» Butter market shows more tone and
some dealers are Inclined to quote a small ad
vance. Eggs are also firm, with a slight up
ward tendency. Cheese is easy and unchanged.
BUTTER-
Creamery — Fancy Creamery, ISc: seconds, 17®
I 17% c.
Dairy— Fancy, 164 c: good to choice, 14@16c;
store, 12'4*j"13c per lb.
CHEESE Choice mild. new, SSB%c; old, 7> 2 c;
Young American, 9@loc; Eastern. 13@15c.
EGGS— Quoted at 16%@17%c for store and 15@
19c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 17';'.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
It Is reported that the canners are buying up
all the Apricots in sight in Alameda, gutter,
Solano and Yolo counties, at J3(><(?4o per ton,
taking whole crops as they run.
Peaches, Pears. Plums and Apples are in free
supply and weak. Apricots are not scarce, but
prices are holdlnc up. The rain almost fin
ished Cherries, which are rapidly dwindling.
The Berry market continues in good shape
and very fair prices are being realized.
Lemons art doing better again, and some
kinds of Oranges are firmer. Limes are un
changed.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
New Apples, 25@60c per small and $I@l Hi per
large box an.l 40®50c per basket.
BERRlES— Gooseberries, 4".- per drawer and
3<£ii Vic per lb in bulk; Blackberries, $10 per
chest; from Fresno, SI per crate; from Newcas
tle, $1; Strawberries, J5®S per Chest for small
and J3IJ4 for large berries; Raspberries, je@9 per
chest; Newcastle Raspberries, $1 per crate;
Logan Berries, »5i?J7 per chest.
Currants, J3|j4 50 per chest.
Cherries, 40(j(75c per box for black; black. In
bulk. 6i&9c; white, 4®«C per lb; Royal Anne, h'gi
»c; cracked Cherries, •J'-'iioc. •
Green Pears, 3".*3.",0 c per box and 40(g>60c per
. basket.
Figs. $1 50'(71 75 per box for black and 50c for
white.
Apricots, 2;i | ?i i 7;.c per crate and box for Prin
glee an.l 60cCs$l 25 per box and 50®65c per
basket for Royals.
Peaches. 35(&90c per box and 60(gT5c per bas
ket. 7
Plums, 60^85c rer box.
Cherry Plums, 25@50c per drawer.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $2 50^4
per box; Seedlings, $1 25<fj2 25; Mediterranean
Sweets, $2(53; Lemons, $10160 for common
and $1 ~iT, (j'J. 75 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, J4@6; California Limes, :.O's:7.Sc per
small box; Grape FruW,tooc#sl; Bananas, $1 50
<82 50 per bunch;. Pineapples, $2@3 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
The market is dull and unchanged. Prunes 1
are the only fruit left of any consequence. New
Honey ie slow In coming In. Nuts are steady
and quiet. • ;
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 7c for 40-50' s, 6@
5%c for 80-BO'S, 4@4 I tc for 60-70' 8, 3V4@3%c for
70-80' s, 2%(g3Vic for 80-90' S, i 2Vi@2%c for 90-100" s
and 2@2Vic for 100-110's; Peaches, BH<S9MiC for
good to choice, lOOIOHC for fancy and 14@loc
lor peeled; Apricots, 12V4@13c for Royals and
14(g1.".c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 9V4@
10c 1 , sun dried, out; Black Figs, out; Plums,
nominal, l%c for unpltted and 4> / 2<?fGc for pitted;
Pears, 3(si*c, according to color, etc.
RAISINS- for two-crown. 44 4 <- for three
crown, 5%c for four-crown, 4'-s'iT ( >c for Hess
Sultanas, 3>ic for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London layers; Dried Grapes, 2%(§3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 7c per lb; Walnuts, s@Sc
for hardshell, 10(£fllc for BOftshell; Almonds, v,,
9c for hardshell, 12@13c for softshell, 14@16c for
papershelP. Peanuts, 6®7c for Eastern and 4^^i
6c for California; Cocoanuts, $4 50(£f5.
HONEY— 10®llc for bright and S<g9c
for lower grades; water white extracted, 7 1 4 , /
7%c; light amber extracted, 7c; dark, s@s>4c
per It).
BEESWAX— per rb.
PROVISIONS.
Dealers report a fair trade at unchanged
quotations.
CURED MEATS- Bacon. So per n> for heavy,
R^iS'Hc for llttht medium, lOVsfallc for light, 13c
for extra light and 12Vjfal.V for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, ll' z c; California
Hams, lOVfcc; Mess Beef, $13 per bbl; extra
Mess Reef, $14: Family Beef, flSQli 60; extra
prime Pork, ?12 50; extra clear. }16 :•»; mess
$15015 60; Smoked I',eef, 12c per In.
LA Rl>— Tierces quoted at S^i@6\c per Yh for
compound and 7*4<fr7^c for pure; half barrels
pure, l\c; 10-lb tins, S%io; 5-rb tins. gUc
COTTOLENE - Tierces, 6%<ff!6Hc; packages,
lepp than 300 tbs, 1-rb palls. fiO in a case, 9Vxc;
3-rb palls, 20 In a case. S%c; 5-tt> pails, 12 in a
cane. S ! ; c; 10-fb palls, fi in a case, %%c; r.O-tb
tins. 1 or 2 in a case. 7 T »c; wixxlen buckets, 20
tbs net. Stye; fancy tube, 80 rt>s net, l%c; half
barrels, about 110 tbs, 7%c.
HIDES, TAXJ<OW, WOOL AND HOPS.
All the fall Wools have been cleaned up, and
there is no spring left except undesirable lots.
The market has not been so cleaned up for a
long time. Prices show some revision. Local
buyers are now looking to Oregon. Washington,
Montana and Utah for supplies.
Hlde« are scarce and wanted and quotations
are firmer. Tallow is <'usier. There Is nothing
doing In Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations Heavy salted
Bteers. lie; medium, 10c; light, 9U.c; Cowhides
»Mic; Stags, 6%c; Salted Kip. !»u>c; Calf, 10c:
dry Hides, sound, 17c; culls and brands, 13c;
dry Kip and Veal. ISQISHc; dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins. shearllriKß. 2Ora3sc each; short
Wool, 3.'iig«oc each; medium. SO'aT.io; Inns Wool
SOc^'ll 25 each; Horse Hides, salt, $2-ff2 50 for
large and Jl for small: Colts, 50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4(Jr4 I 4c per lt>; No
2, 3@3Hc; refined. ; grease. 2c.
WOOL — Spring Clips -r- San Joaquln and
I Southerns, 7 months, 7<?9c: Foothill and North
! em free, U<gizy,c; Foothill and Northern de
fective, 9@llc; Nevada, 10«13c; San Joaquin •
Foothill free. 9<gllc; do defective, 7©9 c; Hum
boldt and Mendoclno, 15??16c; Eastern Oregon,
ll«T13c for choice and 9<jjllc for fair to good.
HOPS— crop, 10011 c per It) for ordinary,
12@12%c for good and 13^3150 for choice to
fancy from first hands. •
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hosts are In better receipt and easier. All
Other descriptions are unchanged.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers: i
BEEF— 7%®Bc per 1b for Steers and 6Vi@"c '
for Cows.
VEAL— 7?fiSc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7£7%c; Ewes, 7c per lb.
LAMB— Spring. 7^©Bc per lb.
PORK- Live Hogs, 5%®5%c for small, s*ic
for medium and r. 'ft.'. '...<■ for "large: stock Hogs
and Feeders, 4%®5c; dressed Hogs, 7®SVic.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, E%@s^c for
June and July; Wool Bags, 26@2Sc; San Quentln
Bags, $4 95.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $S; Southfield Wellington, $7 50; Seattle, $6:
Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch, JS; Cumberland, $8 50 in bulk and $9 50
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14; i
Cannel, $S 50 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, (7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14
in sacks.
CORDAGE— Manila, 9%c; Sisal. S&c; Duplex.
7Vic basis.
CANNED VEGETABLES— Peas, 77'4@87%c; I
Asparagus, $1 6052 85: Tomatoes, 72' / 5@77VtC
CANNED FRUlTS— Cherries, $1 40<gl 70 for
black and $15051 So for white; Peaches, $1 2o@
1 65; Pears, $1 20&1 65; Apricots, $1 16<3>1 50;
Plums, 80c(g$l 15.
COFFEE — Costa Rica — l*j?lsc for prime
washed; 13@140 for Rood washed; 12@14Vic for
good to prime washed peaberry; tic for good
peaberry; , 10^4® 12c for good to prime; 9© 10c
nominal for good current mixed with black
beans; S@9Hc for fair; 6@7%c for common to
ordinary- Salvador— 13V for good to prime
washed; B®9%c for fair washed; 10V8@ll'/ise tor
good to prime washed peaberry; 7VdVs'" for
superior unwashed; 7%@7%c for good green un
washed; 9^4@loc for good to prime unwashed
peaberry. Nicaragua — 7%@S%c nominal for
good to superior unwashed; 9@loc nominal for
good to prime unwashed peaberry. Guatemala ,
and Mexican— l4%(£?l7c for prime to 'fancy
washed; 10%@13c for good to strictly good |
washed; S@l0 l ,£c for Inferior to ordinary; i" '. »
12c for good to prime washed peaberry; 9sj9%c
for good unwashed peaberry; l^fi^c for good
superior unwashed.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Prices are lower under
Increased supplies. Bundles, 4c; cases. 4^c;
cases, Imitation Eastern, 5V«e; boneless, sVjc;
strips, s%(g6Hc; blocks. 4'^'g6Vsc; tablets, 7Vjc;
middles, e'SSiic; desiccated. S7^C, less 15 per
cent; pickled, in barrels, $8 50; pickled, half
barrels, $4 50.
'LEA THER— SoIe, heavy, 25<fi28c per lb; Sole
Leather, medium, 24@25c; Sole Leather, light.
24®25c; rough Leather, heavy, 24@25c; rough
Leather, light, 24(J?25e; Harness Leather, heavy,
82@33c; Harness Leather, medium, 30<g32c; Har
ness Leather, light, 29@30c; Collar Leather, 14 •
<§16c per foot; Kip, finished, 40@45c per lb;
Veal, finished, 80@55c; -Calf, finished, 75c®$l;
Sides, finished, 16igi7c per foot; Belt Knife
Splits, 14-hIKc; Rough Splits, B®loc per lb.
California Castor Oil, cases. No. 1, 75c;
pure, $1 06; Linseed Oil. In barrels, boiled, 62c;
; raw, 60c; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra win
ter strained, barrels, 54c; No. 1, 46c; cases, 5c
more; China Nut, 45<j?55c per gallon; Pure
Neatsfoot Oil, barrels, 50c: cases, 55c: Sperm,
crude, 60c: natural white, 40c; bleached white,
"424 c; Whale Oil, natural white, 37>t<-; bleached
white, 45c; Pacific Rubber Mixed Paints, white
and house colors, $1 25@1 35 per gallon; wagon
colors, t2fi 2 25 per gallon.
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE AND NAPH
THA—White Water Coal Oil, In bulk, liy.c per
gallon; Pearl Oil, In cases, 16Hc; Astral Oil.
16V; Star Oil. 16Hc; Extra Star Oil, 20Hc:
Elaine Oil, 21% c; Eocene Oil. 18V>c; Deodorized
Stove Gasoline, In bulk, 15% c; In cases, 21c;
Benzine, in bulk, 15c; in cases, 20c; S6-degree
Gasoline, In bulk, 21c; In cases, 26c.
CANDLES— Electric Light Candies, 6s, 16 oz.
B%c; 6s, 14 02, 7'ic; 6s, 12 oz, 6V; 6s. 10 oz.
• ri ■■■: 12s. 12 oz. 7' c. Granite (Mining) Candle.-*—
6s. 16 oz. 9Vic; f.s. 14 oz. ■.■■,. ■: 6s. 12 08, 7 1 -c; 6s,
10 oz, »V- Paraffine Wax Candles— ls, 2s, 4s,
6s, white, 9Hc; 12s. 10'ic: colored, lc higher.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at C@7 per lb.
TURPENTINE— cases. 61c; in iron barrels.
E2c; in wooden barrels, 58c.
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels, 47c; raw, barrels,
4.V; cases. Ec more.
QUICKSILVER 542 per flask for local use
and 139(339 50 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-lb bac;s:
Cubes. A Crushed and- Fine Crushed, s»ic:
Powdered. s\c; Candy Granulated, 5%c; Dry
Granulated, B^c; Confectioners' A, sVic; Cali
fornia A, sc; Magnolia A. 4 »c; Extra C, 4 4c;
Golden C, 4%c; barrels, l-16c more; half barrels.
' c more: boxes, lie more; 50-lb bags, %c more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent.
LUMBER.
Firm and active.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes. $l<j(3'l7: extra sizes. higher;
Redwood. $17<?flR for No. 1 and $15<516 for No 2
Lath. 4 feet. $2 20^2 3": Pickets. $1S; Shingles.
j $1 50<ffl 75 for common and $2 75 for fancy;
: Shakes, $11 for split and $12 for sawn; Rustic,
$21@27.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Tuesday. June 6.
, Flour, qr sks 15.174 Hay, tons 213 '
' Wheat, ctls 10,530 Straw, tons 7
Barley, ctls 2.350 Hops, bales 3
Corn, ctls. East 603 Wool, bales 331
I Corn, ctls 95 Pelts. • bdls 314
j Cheese, ctls 6o Hides. No 471
j Butter, ctls 31." Eggs, doz 21.120
] Beans, sks 45 Quicksilver, flks.. ISO
Potatoes, sks 2.3R6 Leather, rolls 136 I
Onions, sks 914 1 Wine, gals 26,600
Bran, sks 6.50
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 900 Oats, ctls 970
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks.... 7,416 Wool, bales ...... 650
flaxseed, sks ... 673
THE STOCK MARKET.
An advance In Contra Costa Water to |63 25
was the only noteworthy change In securities
on the morning session of the Bond Exchange.
Business was quiet.
On the afternoon call Hawaiian Commercial
sold down to $95 and Alaska Packers' to $112 50.
Mining stocks were dull and unchanged. The
telegram from the pump said: "We started the
first elevator at 2:30 p. m. yesterday, and it
has been running continuously since. The water
is four feet below the caps of the 1960-foot level
Ion."
The Andes assessment falls delinquent in
office to-day. ■
The liana Plantation Company has declared
Its first dividend of 60 cents per share, payable
August 1.
The Kahuki Plantation paid a dividend at
Honolulu on May 31.
The Onomea Plantation Company has de
clared Its first dividend of 30 cents, payable
July 1.
The Pacific lighting Company paid a divi
dend of 3:. cents per share Monday.
The shipment of ore by rail from the mines
of Eureka District, Nov., for the week ending
June 2 were as follows: Diamond mine, 36,840
pounds; Eureka Consolidated, 61,750; Hamburg,
11,840; Jackson, 36,860; Richmond, 151,770; Ruby
IXinderberg, 23,260; from Hamilton, Roco-
Homestake, 186,130.
The Morning Star Mining Company of lowa
Hill. Placer County, has declared a monthly
dividend of $2 60 per share, payable June 10.
At the annual meeting: of the Segregated
Belcher and Mides Consolidated Mining Com
pany the old Board of Directors was re-elected,
composed of Thomas Anderson, H. Zadlg, J.
P. Martin. James .Vewlands Jr. and George
Searle. Thomas Anderson was re-elected presi
dent, H. Zadig vice president, E. B. Holmes
secretary and W. E. Sharon superintendent.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, June 6—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. . Bid. Ask.
Bonds— Eqult G L Co. 514 574
is qua* c0up.. 114 — Mutual El Co. 14»i 15
Is quar re?... — — Oakland Oas.. 45V. 46
4s quar new.. 1294130 p,-ic Gas Imp.. 63 65
is quar coup. .loß — Pac I, Co — 45
Miscellaneous— S F G & E.... 63Vi 63«
Cal-st Cab .is. 117 — San Fran 3* 3*£
Cal Elec L, 65.12f.Vi1274 Stockton Gas. 12 —
2 c Wat 5s — — 112% Insurance—
Dup-st ex c... — — Flrem's Fund. 22o —
E I, <* P 65.. 131 132 1 Bank Stocks—
F& Cl Ry 65.115V4 - ! An 10-Cal .... _ 65U
Genry-st R .is. 90 99 Bank of Cal.. 262% —
HC & S 5%b..102V4 — |Cal S D & T. — 98V
L, A Ry 55.... 108 'First Natlonl. 220 —
L A T. Co 68..101V4 — Lon P & A.... — 132
Do gntd 68.1011,, — Mer Exchange — 16
L, A LCo 55... 100 — Nev Nat Bk. — 190
Market -st fis..l2a — Savings Banks—
.Do Ist M 68.116% - Ger S & L..1600 1650
*CN G H 78.108 - Hum S & L..1050 1160
NRy Cal 65.. 116 117 Mutual Saw 35 41%
NR of Cat 1134 — S F Say 0 500 —
NPC R R 6s. — 108 S & 1^ So.. — 88
N" PC R R ss. 107 - Security SB— 300
N' Cal R R ss.Hl — Union T Co.' — 1465
Oak Gaß 55. ..11 l — ; Street Railroads—
Om C Ry 65. .127 130 California ....116 —
P & a Ry 65.107" - Geary 50 —
P & OBs 117 — Market-st 60*, 61U
Powell-st 65... — 12214 Oak S L & H— -
Sac El Ry ss. - - Presidio — 15U
SF&- N P 55. 116 116Va Powder-
JFStS JV55.114'4U5 California .... — 175
sierraß Cal 1084 — E Dynamite... S7H —
3 P of A 65..113V4114 Giant Con Co. 73V2 73» 4
-PC 6s (1906) — 113% Vigorit I 3',
SPC 6s (1906) — — 1 Sugar—
3PC 6s (1912) — — |Hana P C 0.... 16% —
5 P C Is eg 55. 1041* — ' Haw C & S C. 92' A9B
3PBr 6s 123 — Hutch S P Co. 33% 34
8 V Wat 65..— — Kllauea S Co. — 31
5 V,\Var45...104%104% Onomea . S Co. 39% 40
S V W4s(3dm)lol*;iG2 Paauhau S P. 39% 40
Stktn Gas 65..102 Vi — I Miscellaneous-
Water Stocks— Al Pac Assn. .ll2 —
Contra Costa.. — 70 . Ger Ld Wk5..200 —
Marin Co .. .. 60 - — 'Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Spring Valley.lolHlol% Oceanic 8 Co. S4 86
Gas and Electric— Pac A F A.... 2% 2%
Capital Gas... — — Pac c Bor C 0.125 —
Central G Co.. — — Par Paint Co.. ,74 —
Cent L & P.. — " |
Morning . Session.
Board— -\
'16 Contra Costa Water .......: 70 25 '
100 Contra Costa Water 70 00 '
100 Equitable Gas 5 75
100 Giant Powder Con 73 25
■ 10 Hana Plantation Co 16 S7',-i
50 Hana Plantation Co 16 75
55 Hutohlnson B P Co 33 75
1 Market Street Railway 60 00
in Oceanic S S Co • 85 00
200 Paauhati S PCo * E>v c tric-co:::: 40 00
20 San Francisco Gas & E ectr.c C 0.... 61 2d
50 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 62 00
50 Ban Francisco Gas & E ectViC C 0.... 62 50
90 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 63 00
SO San Francisco Gas & E ectrlc C 0.... 62 73
50 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 62 K«
100 San Francisco Gas & Klectric C 0.... 63 23
$5000 S F & S J V bonds 1» »
$2000 S P of A bonds "* «
50 Spring Valley Water 101;?
10 Spring Valley Water, cash Mil »
Street— ... M
$15,000 Market Street Railway ........... ■"< ~
slo,ooo S V 4 per cent bonds (3d m0rt)....101 io
Afternoon Session.
Board— 119 -„
10 Alaska Packers' Assn "- °«
100 Equitable Gas » '\
50 Giant Powder Con i; *?
25 Giant Powder Con <• i, r
25 Giant Powder Con .. •' ilsaxt
100 Hana Plantation Co. cash. Jo »'V 2
35 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 9o 00
20 Hutchlnson S P Co ™ ij?
10 Market Street Railway « -«
25 Market Street Railway »J «
75 Market Street Railway « W
$2000 N P C R H 5 per cent bonds ius '"'
Onomea Sugar Co ™ «>
50 Onomea Sugar Co %* 'i
70 Paauhau SP Co f •*
20 Paauhau S P Co •• *g ™
150 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 63 oO
$35,000 Market St R R Con 5 per ct bds.ll7 00
$25,000 S V 4 per cent bonds (3d mort)..lol ia
$7000 S F & S J V bonds ....114 .5
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board— , ..
50 Central Light & Power...' 6™
100 Vigorit Powder 3 jjj
60 Hutchlnson S P Co 33 -o
30 Spring Valley Water 101 ■»
25 Spring Valley Water 101 J.Vi
Afternoon Session.
Board— „. „„,.
25 Hutchinson S P Co . 33 3. ',4
40 Hutchinson S P Co 33 75
30 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 62 75
15 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 63 00
75 Central Light & Power 6 50
50 Equitable Gas • 6 75
35 Hana Plantation Co 16 75
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
B0 Equitable Gas 6 75
60 Equitable Gas 5 87#
20 Contra Costa Water , 70 25
100 Hana Plantation Co 17 25
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 100 00
10 Hawaiian Commercial <fc Sugar 99 75
40 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 61 00
Afternoon Session.
• i Board—
25 Equitable Gas 6 00
15 Giant Powder Con 73 25
60 Giant Powder Con 73 12V4
20 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 98 00
10 Spring Valley Water 10125
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Belcher 33 200 Ophir 115
600 Crown Point... J» 300 Potost 44
200 Mexican 44 1400 Yellow Jacket. 40
Afternoon Session.
200 Caledonia 70 50 Gould & Curry 30
100 Con Cal & Va.l 70 800 Overman 19
100 Crown Point... 31 ' 600 Yellow Jacket. 43
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Andes 14 300 Crown Point... 30
200 Belcher 38 300 Crown Point... 31
100 Caledonia 63 ' 200 Justice «» 18
200 Caledonia 64 200 Ophir 115
200 Caledonia 63 300 Overman 17
250 Con Cal & Va.l "0 1200 Potosl 44
2liO Crown Point... 2SI6OOSeg Belcher OS
200 Crown Point... 2'->| 100 Sierra Nevada. 74
Afternoon Session.
300 Andes 14. 300 Crown Point... 32
! 300 Belcher 39* 200 Crown Point... 31
600 Belcher 40 500 Justice IS
i 300 Caledonia 68 800 Mexican 44
200 Caledonia 72 500 Overman 20
200 Caledonia 73 700 Overman 21
200 Caledonia 74 300 Overman 22
200 Caledonia 70 j 400 Potosi 45
200 Challenge Con.. 39 200 Sierra Nevada. 73
350 Con Cal &"»#.! 70' 600 Yellow Jacket. 45
CLOSING QPOTATIONS
ASSESSMENTS PENDING.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
William and Jennie Wolf to Morris Lando, lot
on NE corner of Kills and Octavla streets, E
27:8 by N 87:6; $10.
Fanny and Florence Mendelson to Charles j
A. Fisher, lot on N line of Broadway. 103:l»i
E of Fillmore street, E 34:4% by N 137:6; $10.'
J. E. and Alwina or Alvlna Hasselbusch to [
Leopold P. Moore, lot on S line of Sinter street,
110 E of Lyon, E 27:6 by S 137:6; $10.
Thomas Flynn to Margaret Flynn, lot on W
line of Jessie street. 238 N of Twenty-first, N
21 by W 75; gift. - -
Kate B. Btoltl (wife of J.) to Joseph Stoltz,
lot on W line of Castro street, 198:4 S of Eigh
teenth. P 24:S by W 125; $10.
Herman R"mig to Wilhelm Knoll, lot on E
line of Homestead street, 210 N of Twenty-fifth,
N 25 by E 125; $10.
Mary E. .Bowen to Amato Dal Pino, lot on W
line of Dusont street. 25 N of Lombard, N 25
by W 77:6; $10.
Hlhernia Savings and Loan Society to same,
lot on W line of Duront street, 25 N of Lom
bard. N 25 by W 77:6; $1340.
Henry E. Bothln to James Tomkinson. lot on
NW line of Minna street, 250 SW of First, SW
60 by NW 80; $2800.
Magdalena Nuttall (widow) to George H. F.
Nuttall, same property as in 1614 d 3SB, being
undivided three-fifths of lot on NE line of
Third street. 40 NW of Stevenson. NW 20. nh
77:6, SE 60, SW 20. NW 40, SW 57:6. reserving
life estate; gift.
Same to Roberta L. Nuttall (Vi>. George H.
F. and J. Robert K. Nuttall. trustees Nadine
Nuttall i 1;), lot on E line of Montgomery
street, 112:6 S of Sutter, S 25 by E 87:6, reserv
ing life estate; gilt, •
August? Masset to John and Annie Healy,
lot on W line of Rltch street, 250 S of Bryant
and 200 W of Third. S 25 by W 75; $1700.
Flora E. St. Clair to Charles B. Drew, lot on
NW line of Paris street. 50 SW of Brazil, NE
60 by NW 100, lot 8. block 12, Excelsior Home
stead; $10.
Harry Crone to Mrs. John Weber, lot on NE
line of Sumatra (Seventeenth) street, 150 SE
of N. SE 50 by NE 100, lots 43 and 44, block
330, Case Tract; grant.
Jane E. Coghlin to Thomas E. Coghlin, lot
on S corner of Seventh avenue and northern
boundary of lands of South San Francisco
Homestead and Railroad Association, VV 298:5
to Bay of San Francisco, N 20 degrees 39 min
utes E 100:3, SE 302:6. lots 17 to 22, block It.".
Salt Marsh and Tide Lands: gift.
Dora.Fallman to Christian Marquardt, lots
295 and 297, gift map 2; $1000.
Jane L. Stanford to trustees of Iceland Stan
ford Jr. University. 2% acres bounded N by
Almshouse Tract, S by Mission and Ocean,
macadamized road, W by lands of James P.
McCarthy, triangular piece, portion of San
Miguel rancho; also undivided 4-4S of lot on i
N line of Pine street, 137:6 E of Stockton, E !
137:6, N 80, E 20. N 57:6. W 20. N 17:6. W 65:9.
N 28:4, W 65:9, S 153:4: also lot on NE corner
of California and Powell streets. N 115:6 by E
57; also property outside of county, etc., also
bonds, stocks, etc.: grant.
Alameda County.
E L. Montgomery (and as trustee for An- j
nic Lalst) to Anna Laist,(wife of Otto), lot on j
E line of Linden street. 40 S of Sixteenth. S I
20 by E SO block 390, Reed Tract. Oakland: $10. I
O L. and Lillian G. Curtiss to same, lot on
E line of Linden street, 60 s of West Sixteenth.
S 13:3 by E 125. block 690, same. Oakland; $10.
I M and' Mary D. Bartlett to Robert B.
Crlchton, lot on E line of Magnolia street. !)0
S of Sixteenth, S 27:6 by E 100. block 587, Oak-
Mountain View Cemetery Association to
Laura M. Taylor, lot 35 in plat 36, Mountain
View Cemetery, Oakland Township: $112.
Same to W. Gruenhagen and H. Wieders
helm, lot 175 in plat 43. same, Oakland Town
>S Henry "ii. and Sarah M. Jones to L. M. Ryan,
lots 94 and 95. Galindo Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; $10. '
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office located in the Merchants Exchange i.
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Na%-lgators are cordially invited to visit the
office where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
.lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
The time ball m, the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United Stat-s Naval i\
Observatory, Mare Island. Cal J%\
A notice stating whether the' ball was dropped \!
on time or giving the error, if any , !s published
in the morning papers the following day
- . CO. CALKINS
Lieutenant Commander. V S N In charge
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Purvey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Ray. Published by official au
thority of the .Superintendent
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the rlty front (Mlasion-Btreet wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point
the height of tide is the same at both places
WEDNESDAY. JUNE 7
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th» *
day In the order of occurrence as to time Th*
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time mlumn the third tide.
and the. last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides. a? sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign — ) precedes the height,^
and then the number given Is subtracted from 1
the depth given by the charts. The plane of '
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, V. p. j , jjer
chants 1 Exchange, San Francis CaJ
June 6. 1599.
The time ball on the tower of th" n- w Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
!. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander. tJ S. N.. in <~hare»
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, June fi.
Are warship Presidente Sarmiento. Betboder,
23 days from Aoapulco.
Stmr Walla Walla. Gasre. 58% hours from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr Cleon<\ Higgins. 14 hours from Caspar.
Stmr Washtenaw, Croscup, So hours from Ta
coma.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, ITU hours from Eu
reka.
Ship Glory of the Seas, Hall, 5% days from
Oomox.
Bktn W H Dlmond. Nllson. 19 days from
Honolulu. -■ :--; : %-
Schr Mary C, Matsen, 8 hours from. Fort
Ross.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, June 8.
Stmr SaJvator, Asmussen, St Michael: Alas
ka Exploration Co.
Ptmr Homer, Higgins, St Michael; Alaska
Exploration Co.
Br stmr Bristol, McTntyre, Nanaimo; R
Dunsmuir's Sons Co.
Haw ship Falls of Clyde, Matson, Hilo; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
Br shin Sierra Nevada, • Scott, Queenstown;
Balfour. Guthrie & Co.
Schr Mary Dodge, Olsen, Kahulul; Alexander
& Baldwin.
SAILED.
Tuesday, June 6.
Stmr Gipsy, Inland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Homer, Higgins, St Michael.
Haw ship Falls of Clyde, Matson. Hllo.
Br ship Pyrenees, Bryce, Queenstown.
Bark Prussia, Jensen. Port Blakeley.
Schr Louise. Rasmussen. Umpqua.
Schr Mary Dodge, Hanson, Kahulul.
Schr Roy Somers, Soiland. Port Gamble.
Schr Monterey, Beck. Bowens Landing.
Schr Salvator. Asmussen. St Michael.
Pchr Eliza Miller, Christiansen, Grays Har
bor.
Schr Nettie Low, Low, Point Reyes.
Schr Free Trade. Thorsen, .
Schr Ida McKay, Johnson. Grays Harbor.
SPOKEN.
April 20. lat 22 42 N. long 37 W— Br ship
Eaton Hall, from Portland, for Queenstown
May 30. lat 50 N. long 3 W-Ger bant Maria
Hack'feld, from Hamburg, for Honolulu.
May. 14. lnt 21 19 N. long 12*5 4,". A\-Br ship
Balmoral, from Astoria for QueenstoWTi.
May 11. lat 15 N, long 27 W-Ge r bark Arte
mis, from Tacoma. for Hamburg.
-. ,-v- CHARTERS.
The Flintshire is chartered for wheat to Eu
rn The Charles V Crocker I ads lumber at Port
Blakeley for Shanghai. 5"«, Wm I arsoß, lumber
at Port Blakeley for Sydney. 42s 6d; H _ Tal
hot. lumber on the Sound for Taku. 5,s 6d.
The ship Roanoke is chartered for wheat ear
mdse to. Liverpool. 245.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, June 6, 10 r m— Weather
hazy; wind SW ; velocity 16 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
VENTURA-Sailed June 5— Stmr Navarro, for
San Francisco: stmr Grace Dollar, for Port ,
Ix>s Angelea.
Arrived June Stmr Grace Dollar, hence
TACOMA -Arrived June 6— Schr F S Red
field, from Honolulu.
Sailed June 3— Schr Wm Renton. for San
Pedro.
CLALLAM BAT— Sailed June 6— ship Brit
ish General, from Chemainus. for Melbourne.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived June 5 stmr South
Coast, from Hueneme. June 6— Schr Dora
Bluhm, from Everett. _■. ...
ROCKPORT— SaiIed June 6— Stmr. Scotia, for
San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed June s— Stmr Tilla-
I mook. for San Francisco.
j SEATTLE— Arrived June 6— Bark Vidette. fm
San Diego: stmr Laruada, from Alaska stmc
Alliance, hence June 1.
Sailed June — Stmr National City, for .
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed June 6-Stmr
Whitesboro. for San Francisco.
NEAH BAY— Passed June 6— Stmr Willa
mette, hence June 2, for Seattle: Br stmr Em
press of Japan, from Hongkong, for Vancouver;
I stmr Mackinaw, hence June 2. for Tacoma.
EUREKA— Arrived June 6— Schr Fortuna. hnc
May 24
Sailed June 6— Schr .Halcyon, for - — : • hr
Mabel Gray, for Newport (S). ■ /.,».
ASTORIA— SaiIed June 6— Br ship Mlstley
Mall, for United Kingdom.
NEWPORT— Sailed June 6— Stmr Alcatraz.
for San Francisco. ■<■>
FOREIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA-Arrived June s— Br ship Puritan,
from Sard I ft. - ; ■. ■ -
COLON-Arrived June 5-Stmr Alliance, from
New York. . • .
" PANAMA— Arrived May 21-Stmr Peru, hnc
April 28. .
SYDNEY— Arrived June 2-Shlp Apenor. hnc
YOKOHAMA— Arrived June 5-Stmr City of
Pekinc. hence May 16.  „ _ t _ r
AUCKLAND — Arrived June 6— Kr stmr
Moana, hence May 18. . _.. _:„
NEWCASTLE — Sailed June 6— Ship Flor- ,
ence. for San Francisco. I
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS. ■
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived June 6— Stmr Ul
tonia, from Boston, for Liverpool.
BOULOGNE— Arrived June -Stmr Maasdam.
from New York, for Rotterdam..
AUCKLAND— Arrived June 6— Stmr Moana,
from San Francisco.
NEW YORK-Sailed June Stmr Auranta.
or Liverpool.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
"JACK, YOU
HAVE BROKEN
MY HEART!"
Last Despairing Cry
of Mrs. Laferme.
HER MYSTERIOUS DEATH
DOCTOR WILL NOT SAY IT WAS
A CASE OF SUICIDE.
The Unfortunate Woman. Who Was
Separated From Her Husband,
Had Been Sick and Was
Despondent.
Oakland Office Pan Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, June 6.
"Jack, you hay broken my heart! You
have killed me!"
These were the last words ottered by
Mrs. Tillie Laferrr.e, a dressmaker, w
death, Burrounded by most mysterious
circumsta: ■• rtly after 3
o'clock this afternoon in the presence of
•Is in h<»r ro< tn :>t L 059 Clay sir- ■ •
The dramatic end gave rise to grave sus-
picions that the woman had taken poison
with suicidal intent, although Dr. L. F.
rr k. who had been summoned over
ur prior to the woman's death, ex
ubts and decline a to state defl
ether it is a case of suicide or
from natural cause?.
• -.\ ho handled the
I int of their
They permitted the woman's ef
iaken away by any one who
m, and whatever mi«ht nav<
thrown light on the unhappy woman s
thus lost. Mrs. Laferme, prior
th, wrote something on a piece
It was taken by a total
• . r from r the ej •• of a
Deputj ■ oroner, the official not even tak
to read it.
Mrs Laferme was separated from her
nd, Jack J. Laferme, for s<
■aid that the husbai .
go and that
antly bro< r the
he bo cruelly accorded her.
I ,;, ; ■ With Llflle.
, 'ranclsco. The d< serted w( n
words were, It la thought, addt
to her husband:
A f>w "lays ago Mrs. Laferme received
a telegTam from Montreal announcing her
mother's .serious illness. This sad news
POSTUM CEREAL.
WOULDN'T BE PUT OFF.
Went to the Kitchen and Made It
Herself.
Husband said to me one morning,
"It seems to me,, my dear, that it will
pay you to make a trial and see wheth-
er it may not be true, as your physi-
cian says, that the cause of your per-
lia and head trouble and
palpitation of the heart is coffee."
]}• said, "Suppose we stop coffee and
try thla Postum Food Coffee:" I
agreed to it, and so a package was
up that day.
j- the morning we had the new food
coffee, and after filling my husband's
cup I filled my own. I sipped a few
sful, and I am ashamed to say
thai my eyw filled, too. I could not
drink it.
Husband suggested that inasmuch
as thla was tho first trial the cook had
not made it properly.
I took the coffee pot to the kitchen,
poured it out and examined the pack-
irefully, then followed directions
tly (an easy thing to do, by the
way) arid ;ifter I had got the coffee
i»>t to boiling T left it in the cook's
charga, saying that I would send out
for it in fift'-en inin\it> s.
When it came in and I poured out
some fresh cups for husband and my-
self, what a revelation! 1 could not
have believed it possible that there
was such a difference between an ar-
ticle poorly prepared and properly pre-
]-m 1. Here it was, a black brown,
clear and delicious. The addition of a
little cream, turned It to that perfect
color that an epicure delights in.
This was several months ago, and I
attribute my gain in flesh and my per-
fect health to the use of Postum, as it
has served me as an ideal food. My
friends frequently say something like:
"I never saw you looking ho well.
What are you taking?" I reply: "I
a:u taking no medicine, but I am
drinking hard Just now, drinking iv.s-
tum Food Coffee," and the results are
very real indeed to husband and my-
self. Mra. Jennie Knight, Washlng-
t - D. C.
also added to her despondency, and this
morning Mr?. Laforme did not arise at
the usual hour. Inquiry at her room re-
Bulted in her declaration that she was
very HI. By noon her condition became
alarming, and her friends thronged about
her couch after summoning Dr. Herrick,
who Immediately gave the patient a hy
pod< rtnlc injection of morphine to relieve
her agony and pain from which she ap
peared to be Buffering. An hour later she
made th<' exclamation noted, and throw
ing back her head of luxuriant black hair
breathed her hist.
"Mrs. I.aferme gave us nn inkling that
she intended to commit suicide," said C.
A. Tyrrell, at whose home the dead
woman roomed. "She complained of be
ing sick this morning, and I could see she
was really sick, not In spirit at all, but
in body. 1 believe she has had a great
deal of trouble and worried considerably,
but 1 have my doubts that she took her
own life. Why. she expected to goto the ;
great exposition in Paris in 1900. She was
a most lovable little woman, and had
with us hardly a month. We have ;
conducted a thorough inspection through
out her room, but have been unable to
discover any trace of poison, and the
case is really mysterious."
I>r llerrick also is at a loss apparently
to determine the cause of death, and an
autopsy will be hHd to-morrow, when
, perhaps the true cause will be revealed.
"When T first examined Mrs. Laferme,"
said Dr. Herrick, "1 thought she was suf
fering from an exaggeration of hysteria
and I Injected s.>nv- morphine t" ease her, ■
but her condition did not seem to im- !
I cannot say that the symptoms ;
were those of poison, and am yet at a
■ v whether the woman com
mltted suicide."
Deceased was a petite brunette, aged
■ ars, and so far as known had j
! no relatives In this city.
ALAMEDA COUNTY
NEWS BREVITIES
CLAND, June 6.— The will of Wm.
Patton, who died in Alameda a few days
ago, was tiled for probate this afternoon.
The estate is valued at about $35.00). and
to two sons, share and share alike.
Mrs. F. M. Amerman. the housekeeper,
is bequeathed $500 cash and $r>o per month.
The remains of the late Jam-
Fremery, who died a few day? ago while
en route from New STork to Oakland, are
to arrive some time this weetc,
and the funeral Is announced to take place
next Saturday afternoon at 2 o'clock from
the family residence, L 306 Adeline Btreet.
Judg< *Ir"•■• -j. • • to-day granted a divorces
Miry *'lark from James P. Clark on
the ground of willful neglect and leser
tlon. riaintiff is given custody of the
three minor children.
An appraisement of the estate of Chris
tian Braver was filed to-day, showing a
total valuation of (61,901, Including J3348
posil In tanks, real estate at Diirant
avenue and Broadway, $14,000; real estate
rner of Eighth street nod
Broadway, $6000.
Alfred wilkie, the tenor, still lies dan
gerously ill at his home on Telegraph ave
nue. No one but his wife and boy are al
lowed to see him. Dr. ri. 11. Buteau is In
• harge and two professional nurses art- In
ni attendance.
In the divorce Butt of Jessie Quinan
Martyn agrainsi Carlos Martyn default of
dani was entered this afternoon and
the case referred to the Court Commis
sioner to take testimony. Defendant vas
convicted of felony embezzlement on No
vember 5. 1896. and is aow serving sen
• San Qur-ntin.
J( hn Thomas was convicted to-day of
battering John Doyle, Town Trustee cf
Emeryville, and was sentenced to pay a
fine of $10 or take the alternative' of
twenty days in the County Jail.
NEW TEACHERS ELECTED
FOR BERKELEY SCHOOLS
S. D. Waterman Chosen Superintend
ent at a Salary of $2200— New
Principal of High School.
BERKELEY, June fi.— The Board of
Education met this evening in the Town
Hail and devoted its time to the election
of teachers for the ensuing year. The
: resignation of Superintendent F. E. Per
' ham was accepted and he was tendered a
vote of thanks for his services. The elec
tion of a new superintendent resulted in
the choice of S. ]>. Waterman, for several
years principal of the High School. The
board fixed the superintendent's salary at
i $2200 per annum and that of the principal
of the high school at $1780. M. C. James
was elected new principal of the high
school. The choice of teachers resulted
as follows:
High Principal. M. C. James;
physics and chemistry, Miss Llllic Brldg
man; German and mathematics, Miss a
C. Edmonds; English. Miss Fannie C. Mc-
Lean; history, Miss Eva CarUn; Latin and
Greek. Misn Mary B. Olayes; drawing
Miss Mary 1.. Brehm; French, E. li La
mare; English. Miss Florence Battling 1
mathematics. W. B. Clark.
Rose-street school— Miss Josephine
Hartley, Miss Lida Coddington, Mrs. c
O. Potwin.
Whittier school— Misn Helen M. Gom
perts Miss Jeanette Barrows, Miss Mary
A Sampson, Miss Alice Keeper, Miss
Sarah T. French.
Bancroft way school— Mrs. C. L. Hutton
Miss Annie Woodall, Mrs. C. T. Elliott!
M E Rt-rgen.
Dwight way school— W. H. Debell, Miss
Mary Huddart. Miss Eleanor H. Smith.
Mrs. C. H. Partridge, Miss Lydia Atter
, bury. Miss May Wilson. L. R. Rush, L. L.
S Lori'n school— M. J. Confirm. Mrs. N. M.
Norman, Miss Annie J. Hopkins Miss
Olive Harper, Miss Blanch E. Morse.
Miss Rebecca Fox, Miss Dora E. Eller
norst. Miss Sellna Burston.
Seventh street school-Miss Louise Mc-
Kee L. J. Shaw.
San Pablo avenue school— J. w.
Warnick. Miss LilHe J." Hamlin, Miss
Josephine Holler. Mrs. Emma S. Wilkes,
Mlkk Kllen Wilson.
Columbus school— E. E. Nichols, Miss
Susie M. .'lure. Miss Mary Mr. leave. Miss
Dt-lphino C, Larson. Miss Marietta S.
I** "onte school-Miss Juliet H. Lum
kard Miss Etta Ellerhorst, Miss Susan
M. Hall, Mies Sarah Fox. Miss Klma
Dean, Miss Emily Rlggs. Miss L. J.
Alston" way school— Arthur _. Eloton,
Alston way school-Arthur J. Eloton,
TRE SAX FBAKCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. JC^E 7, *S9&.
CARNOT MEDALIST
CAPTURES A BRIDE
BERKELEY, June 6.— The little
Methodist Episcopal church of
Oovina, Los Angeles County,
will be made the scene to-mor
row of the marriage ceremony
of two Berkeley students— Carl
Melvln Warner of the class of '99 and
Mies Clara M. Eckles of the class of
f'T. Both bride and groom are resi
dents of Covina, and both are prom
inent members of the society of the
town.
Carl "Warner was a member of the
class which graduated from the Uni
versity Of California last May. Ills
career In college brought him distinc
tion as a student and debater vt rec
ognized ability. Last February he
gained a place upon the team which
represented Berkeley in the last Car
not debate against Stanford Univer
sity. The judges were unanimous in
declaring him Carnot medalist for
the year, and his debate brought the
beautiful gold trophy to the blue and
Miss Helena ("urtiss. Miss Rosemary Dob
bins, Miss Margaret
Vacancies in the department were filled
by the election of Miss 1,. Hartlett. Miss
Lillie Bryant, Miss Mamie Cameron and
Miss Laura Frank.
CLERK LAMBORN DEFIES
THE CITY FATHERS
OBJECTS STRENUOUSLY TO A
PRESS CENSORSHIP.
The City Clerk Grilled for Throe
Hours for Giving Information
to Reporters.
1 AL.AMEDA, June The City Trustees
! attempted last night to establish a strict
press censorship on all municipal matters
that pass through the office of City Clerk
| Lamborn. That their plans miscarried is
due to no fault of theirs.
The City Clerk was grilled by the Trus
tees for three hours because he had not
hidden from the newspaper reporters
every official document that had been Bled
in his office since the new Board of Trus
tees took office. This board has been
making a record for star chamber meet
ings, but a little bird has reported all
their secret sessions and the public has
been informed of the proceeedings
through the papers as promptly as pos
sible.
Not being able to close the leak the
members undertook last night to make
an order forbidding the City Clerk m
open any official letters or allow th ■ re
porters to inspect official document 3
until the board had looked them over in
executive session and decided whether or
not they were proper matters for the tax
payers "to know. -. . " «,
The resignation of J. 0. Messer, ex-en
gineer of the electric light works, was
printed in the papers while the Trustee*)
were giving out the statement that th..'
employes of the city light plant were as
happy as turtle doves and that th.- story
of Mesaer's resignation was a fairy tale.
Thut was one of the incidents that pre
cipitated the row last night.
After Chairman Brick had warmed up
to the situation he glared down upon the
City Clerk and in the angriest tones at
his command said:
"Sir, I want to know by what authority
you gave out to the newspapers that
Messer had resigned, and I want* to know
how they got a copy of his resignation
before I knew it was in existence. This
Bert of thing must stop right now," and
the chairman upset a pitcher of -water as
he pounded on his desk to emphasise his
marks. "Hereafter I alone will open
letters addressed to this board, and
nothing must be given out to the news
papers from your office In connection with
our business until we have first considered
it in executive session. Do you hear, sir?
These are my orders."
Trustee Alexander Mackie was also
against publicity in the management of
public affairs, for he agreed with Chair
man Brick. He wanted communications
addressed to the city dropped into a
sealed box, to be opened only In executive
sessions.
Mr Brick cooled off after he had his
say and gracefully admitted that the
City Clerk would be a pretty good fellow
ii he would not talk to the newspaper
reporters.
Mr, La inborn was not crushed by the
grilling, and when he was given an op
portunity to be heard he did not waste
words. He said:
"1 want it understood that the City
Clerk of Alameda has a mind of his own.
and is not afraid to speak It out. I have
dene nothing with the idea of satisfying
personal ends. Regarding my treatment
of the newspaper reporters, I insist that
every document that comes into my office
becomes public property as soon as it is
lilt.l and as such it is open to inspection,
and will continue to be. There has been so
much tomfoolery around this board that I
am naturally suspicious of everything
that is done. I want you to understand
that 1 am a free-born American citizen,
and always hope to enjoy the privilege of
free speech, and will not be muzzled."
The Trustees scolded until they grew
sleepy, when they adjourned and went
1 To-day City Attorney Taylor advised the
City Clerk that his course with regard to
public documents was correct. . ■■■:
Escaped From an Asylum.
OAKLAND. June 6.— Edward A. Schaef
fer who was arrested yesterday while he
was kneeling, praying and singing In the
street turns out to M an escaped lunatic
from the. Stockton Asylum, word to that
effect having been received by the warden
in charge of the Recriving Hospital to
day Arrangements have been mnde to
r.t'urn the man to Stockton. Bhaeffer
vas formerly a merchant in San Fran
i-lrco and was committed to the asylum
last month. He had been there only six
days when he effected his escape.
LOOTED TELEPHONE BOXES.
Samuel T>. Button, a young man of re
■pcetabla family, who has earned the
name of the "telephone-box flend." was
yesterday held to answer before the Su
perior Court by Judge Mogan on a charge
of burglary in $2000 bonds.
About six months ago Button was ar
rested and It was conceded that he had
robbed' forty-three telephone, boxes. Two
charges were preferred ngainst htm and
he was convicted on each by Judge Mo
gan. The Judge sentenced him to six
months on each charge, hut owing to the
plea of the telephone company and the
young man* parent! to be merciful the
Judge suspended sentence and allowed
him to go on probation for slk months.
A situation was procured for the young
man in a real estate office, but he was
discharged about six weeks ago. Almost
immediately afterward reports were re
ceived by the telephone company of boxes
gold for the fourth time. In April
again he tried for a place upon the
intercollegiate team which argued the
question of the retention of the Phil
ippines against the cardinal, and his
york the second time was not less
successful. Aside from debating lie
has always taken a leading part in
the work of the Young Men's Chris
tian Association. His bride is the
daughter of James Eckles of Covina.
being broken open and robbed, and it was
conceded that an expert was at work
again.
A few days ago the buzzer on the
telephone in Gobey's saloon pounded aii
alarm and Sutton was caught red-handed.
!!•• broke away from his captors but later
was arrested by Special Officer Reilly of
the telephone company and hooked on a
charge of burglary. !f successful in de
feating the charge of burglary he will
have to serve the two sentences of six
months each imposed upon him by Judgo
Slogan.
THE NEW PLAY
WITHOUT A TITLE
By Arthton Stevens.
Mr. Kelcey ;ind Mr. Shannon are ad
vertislng for a title where really they
should be advertising for a play. The
best title in the w.>r!d will not carry this
Dew and as yet unnamed comedy by Eva
r Klggs.. J tp Intention is daring and
clever, but Mrs. Kipps lacks the crafts
iip to carry out her idea.. Mrs.
EUggS lias a. p. id of a subject in the girl
who mistakes the man who loves her for
her long lout father, but »he is not comp
etent to handle it. She exhausts herself
and the plot in the first act After that
there Is no Invention, no enterprise — only
a series of obvious sequences.' Condensed
to the proportions of vaudeville. I can
imagine this piece a unique success, but
In its present form I can predict nothing
less than disaster for its producers.
Mrs. Kiggs' play, while avowedly one of
atmosphere rather than of action, ieals
in a subject that requires action. A great
deal of pretty deportment and sentiment
underlies h.-r writing, but nevertheless
her whole scheme is farce; and farce re
quires the deed to fit the word. She has,
with Horn.' sentimental embellishments
tr>-:tt'-d the subject from n purely farcical
standpoint. The only right standpoint:
for a serious, realistic working out of a
theme which revolves on the something
more than filial affection for the man
whom th« woman has believed to be her
father would be nothing short of ibs^n at
his heaviest. Mrs. Riggs Is not an Ibsen
nor even an (bsenlte, so far as on<> may
judge by this piece, and she nas written
In i h.- purest Bplrit of fare?, relying on
tin- long arm of coincidence and a trust
ful public. And she has overdone the
trustful part "f it. There are no sur
prises. tin suspense, after the first act.
The piece is carried along— and then only
after a fashion— by the excellent uctlng
that is lavished on it.
Beldom have i Been a bad play better
acted. That the atmosphere of the
South the play is Southern in its lo
cale—ls not more poignant, is no fault of
the aeturs. They do much more than
their author has done for them. BJffie
Shannon i> simply delicious \h the South
ern heroine. On her shoulders falls the
most of the burden, and she carries i*
with delightful buoyancy and ingenuous
ness. Mr. Kelcey is not so well fitted In
the role of the lover who by circum-
Btances is compelled to pose as a parent,
but what any actor could do with the
part he does. In fact Hie entire cast Is
to b< praised, nnd the scenmg is admira
ble—but the play! that is another story.
Miss Cotte's Success.
Miss Julia Cotte, the talented daughter
<>r s.ui Francisco, appeared last night for
the first time before an audience In her
native city as a professional singer. The
Grand Opera-house was well Oiled when
the curtain went up on the first act of
"The Pirntes of Penzance," In which
charming operetta the management of the
Southwell company bad chosen to pre
sent its new prima donna. Before Miss
Cotte made her entrance it was plain to
be seen that half the house was made up
of friends, mostly members of the French
colony, in which her parents have lone
been prominent figures. She had not been
five minutes on the scene when she had
captured in r hearers.
The tuneful melodies that fall to the lot
of the lovelorn Mabel In the operetta
perfectly fitted the voice of the debut
ante, who, thanks to careful training and
a previous experience with an Eastern
company, betrayed none of the methods
of trie novice. Jler petite figure and
pleasing face were as though made for
the part, and the gracefulness of carriage
of the one and the mobility of the other
did almost as much as the voice for the
unqualified success of the young San
P"rani tscan.
The quality of the voice, however Is
what tells in opera, and this Miss Cotte
possesses in a high decree. It is a clear
soprano of great range, musical and well
rounded, if not as robust aa it might be.
It was first heard to excellent advantage
In the. solo, "Poor \Yandering One," at
i lir conclusion of which she was encored
again and again, after which the tenor
was overweighted with floral offerings
for the debutante. Encores for Miss
Cotte were frequent throughout the two
acts, and while her friends and acquain
tances were active In the applause the
entire audience was heartily with them in
tribute to the voice and not the possessor.
Mlbs Cotte'p success has led the man
agement to announce her appearance In
the "Pirates" again on Thursday night
Saturday matinee and Sunday evening.
The Five Days' Excursion.
Great interest is being manifested in the
live days' excursion to be. run under the
auspices of the Young Men's Christian
Association to Hotel del Monte,' Monterey
and Pacific Grove next week, . Thursday,
morning, June IS, the special train leav
ing San Francisco at 7 a. m.; the excur
sion train, returning leaves Pacific Grove
the same day at 4:25 p. m. For the ac
commodation of ■ those who desire to re
turn the same day this arrangement gives
four hours at the grove; or, the tickets
will be good to return on any regular
train- up to and including Monday, June
19. Rates greatly reduced; children under
12 years half price. There will be special
exercises at the grove on Bunker Hill
daj^ ... - ...
GOVERNMENT
UNDERTAKERS
PASS THE LIE
An Exciting Scene at
Sixth and Mission.
TROUBLE NARROWLY AVERTED
SABER RHEINHARDT GRILLED
BY WILLIAM SEARS.
The Former Said to Be Besponsible
for the Failure of the Under
taking Expedition to
Manila.
The expedition -which Veft here for Ma
nila several months ago fully equipped to
exhume the bodies of the brave soldiers
who fell on the battlefields In the Philip
pines resulted in a dismal failure, and the
several undertakers who were sent there
by the Government are back again in the
city. The failure of the expedition was
due, bo the men claim, to mismanage
ment on the part of Saber Kheinhardt, a
local undertaker who was placed in
charge by Major Long. Two members of
the expedition, William Sears and W. C.
Pratt, returned recently heartily dis
gusted and sorely grieved over the man
ner in which they are alleged to have
been treated by Rhelnhardt. They have
decided to put in a claim against the
Government for several hundred dollars
apiece which they claim Is due thorn for
back wages and transportation fees to
and from Manila. When the men left
here it was understood that they were to
receive $100 per month and expenses for
their services. On arriving at Manila
General Otis decided to delay the work
of exhuming the bodies and thf> men were
forced to take quarters in the beleaguered
city and support themselves. As they had
not received a cent of money from the
Government this worked quite a hardship
on them. To make matters worse. Khein
hardt, who had been very friendly with
the men previous to his being placed in
charge of the expedition, attempted to
display his authority in a way that made
matters extremely unpleasant, and rather
than submit to his unbearable demeanor
toward them they packed their bag and
baggage and came home. After they left
Manila Rheinhardt communicated with
Major Long in this city and charged Sears
and Pratt with insubordination. Rhein
hardt returned home on the Zealandia,
which arrived last week, and yesterday
afternoon he met his associates; Pratt
ami Sears, at the corner of Sixth and
Mission streets, and had It not been for
the timoly interference of friends serious
consequences might have resulted.
"The charge which you made in your
letter to Major Long Is wantonly false
and I'll shove the words down your
throat, you swell head," exclaimed Sears
angrily.
"It was not." returned Rheinhardt.
"You're a liar." retorted Sears, and the
exasperated undertaker moved threaton
! ingly toward his accuser. Several m<-n
who' were attracted to the scene by the
loud talking and animated gestures of the
nun rushed between them to prevent a
; mix-up.
When seen by a f'nll reporter Sears
! said: "I have no desire to say anything
jin connection with this matter. Mr.
1 Rheinhardt did all he could to make mat
' ters disagreeable down at Manila. He
was afflicted with an aggravated case of
! swoll-head and he did not treat us boys
right. Not satisfied with that, he mis
represented facts to Major Long. If he
had acted properly everything would have
I gone along smoothly."
POLICE CONFISCATING
DEADLY TOY PISTOLS
Twenty-Six Weapons Captured at
the Different City
Schools.
So many accidents have occurred from
the careless use of toy pistols In the hands
of schoolboys during the past week that
the police have at last determined to Btep
In and put a stop to them so far as pos
sible. I>nst Sunday two boys were in
jured and yesterday afternoon John
Flynn. a little fellow living at 420 Union
street, burned the leg of a playmate,
Chesri Tanoggi, with one of the toys.
Lieutenant Bsola instructed his men on
both watches to confiscate any and all
pistols in the bands of children and ar
rest the men who Bold tl:eni. The officers
visited the schools on th.-ir beats yester
day afternoon and the result is thai twen
ty-six pistols are now in the hands of the
police. All are of the sum- pattern. They
are nude of cast iron, with a brilliantly
polished barrel, and retail at the popular
price of l.". cents. Although the pistols are
only intended to shoot blank cartridges,
they will rilso carry a -2 ball. If the boy
who is wielding them Is desirous of fol
lowing in the footsteps of Diamond Dick
Jr., .less.- James or Nick Carter he can
put a wad of pap< r or a few nails In
front of the cartridge and the "toy" then
becomes a deadly weapon. If used at
short range without these accessories it
will Inflict a painful, if not serious, burn,
and the police have determined to sup
press it.
An ordinance was adopted by the Board
of Supervisors In ISS7 making it a mis
demeanor to sell one of these weapons to
any boy under 19 years of age. On the
strength of the testimony given by boys
Whose pistols had been confiscated A il
11am Taylor, a clerk in the employ of
Shreve & Harker. 537 Kearny street, was
arrested last night by Sergeant Chris
tiansen and Officer Hutchings and
charged with violation of the ordinance.
He was afterward bailed out by one of
his employers, and the police are looking
for other vendors of the "toys." The
penalty for th* 1 offense is a fine of JIOOO
or six months' Imprisonment or both, and
Lieutenant Ksola Is determined to prose
cute the cases fully before somebody is
killed or maimed for life.
MORE SMALLPOX PATIENTS.
Two Young Women Nurses at the
Maclean Hospital Contract
the Disease.
Two new cases of smallpox developed
at the Maclean Hospital yesterday. The
patients are Miss Zerelda Pitzer and Miss
Katie I.evis, both nurses employed at the
hoapltal during the time Roy Winchester,
the young man who died from the effects
of the disease a few days ago, occupied
one of the sick wards. The young wo
men were removed to the cottage in the
rear of the hospital, where the two malo
nurses who were stricken with the dis
ease Monday are isolated.
Health Officer O'Brien and City Physi
cian Hereford visited the institution yes
terday and after a consultation with the
hospital authorities decided to place the
entire hospital in quarantine until the dis
•aaa has been stamped out. Accordingly
yellow nags and placards were placed on
"the building and no one will be permitted
to enter or leave the place until all dan
ger from Infection has passed. Deputy
health Inspectors and special policemen
will be on watch at all times of the day
and night to enforce these regulations.
MIRED IN THE BOG.
Dozens of Fine Beef Cattle Starving
to Death.
In Monday's Call was an account of a
lot of cattle that had been mired In the j
bog about ten miles below Stockton and
are starving to death. While it is out of
the district of the Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Animals, Secretary
Holbrook made an inquiry as to who is
to blame and offered to assist in any way
possible. From N. S. Johnson, mate of
the river boat Dauntless, he learned that
the cattle were landed from a barge on
the island. The San Juaquin Grand Jury
is Investigating the matter to find the re
sponsible partieß. A number of men are
Warner's Safe Cure has
saved more people from untime-
ly deaths and is keeping more
people in perfect health to-day,
than any other discovery ever
known in the entire history of
the world.
Of it one of the most noted
physicians of the day has said:
"I gratefully recognize its
precious value and if I found
myself the victim of kidney
trouble, I should at once use
Warner's Safe Cure.' 3
engaged in the rescue of the poor beasts,
and sufficient hay has been provided.
Mate Johnson describes the scene as the
most shocking and pitiful he ever wit
nessed. Dozens of tine cattle are mired
in the bog, many so deep that only their
heads are to be seen above the soft
ground. From the deck of the river boat
many can be seen In this condition, and
though the men are working with a will
only a few have been rescued so far by
the use of horses and tackle. The ground
1b so treacherous that even the horses
employed are at a disadvantage.
FRIENDS OF THE FOREST
MEET IN CONVENTION
The Work of the Session and Names
of the Supreme Officers
Elected.
The first session of the Supreme Lodge ;
I of the Friends, of the Forest was opened
I in the hall of Mizpah Lodge in Mission
! Opera Hall yesterday morning. Mrs. E.
! M. McLane. the supreme president, pre- ;
! sided, and there were present all the su
i preme presidents, all the delegates and a
number of members of the order.
The reports of the officers showed that
I the order, which is now in its third year.
| has during the past year increased in
\ membership and finances. committees
During the afternoon the committee on
laws prlsented a number of amendments
grant tie supreme presideni the power to
at instead of S2r, conditional upon the
at instead eeKfo supplies upon the
! furnishing of certain fix the miti.it'on
ried- a proposition to nx lost; the office
fee at $2 Instead of $1 was lost: the .office
of supreme organist was mad. elective
and an amendment was adopted fixing
the statuH oi the executive board. An
■amendment that none but past presidents
of subordinate lodges, elected as delegates
to the Supreme Lodge, be eligible
office of supreme president or a supreme
vice president was lost. -~nt<* ;
The per capita tax was fixed at oO cents,
, and there was a change in the recogni
tion to be used by members. -re .
The g foUowing supreme officers were
elected for the current year: Mrg.^l.l*.
' vice Resident; Mrs. M. Margnett, chap
| lain: Mrs. Lena Scholten secretary; Mrs.
A. Boehm. treasurer: Miss O. Hoffman ,
marshal; Mrs. L. Jolly, warden; Mrs E,
ißarduhn, guard; Frederick f. Gnfflth^
sentinel- Mrs. M. M. Reed, \\ illiam
G. Lachmann, auditors, and Mrs. B. M.
The ' orhVe?s St will be installed to-night.
! after which there will be a banquet.
TAKEN FROM THEIR FATHER
Two Girls Saved by a Law Rarely
Resorted To.
It is not often that the Supreme Court
is called upon to decide suoha case as
was handed down by the Justices yes
terday Helen E. Hutchinson and her
twin sister Catherine brought an action
against their father, Joseph W. Hutchin
son, under a section or the code for the ,
protection of children, which Provides:
"The abuse of parental authority is the
subject of judicial cognizance in a civil
Is^al.i^heehfi
may be freed from the dominion of the,
parent and the duty of support and edu- |
eVrls O we e re'i« years of age when the
action was begun, and it was shown that
the father Is a hard working mechanic,
but of violent temper, and that. he often
nuni°hed the girls with undue severity,
lie was accustomed to beat and kick them
and not infrequently he used frying pans.
SSkers clubß, etc.. to beat them. In con
leouence the girls ran away several times
nnd were brmißht back by the police.
TMniUv the" were placed under the care
of aYs Burnett 1 Who found them to
be gentle and mild mannered and easy to
C Tno n'the conclusion of the case in the
trial court judgment was that the girls
V, P freed from the parental domain of
heir father who was to pay their guard
•in $T, a month for their support and edu
■i ion From this the father appealed.
The Supreme Court found no error in
the course pursued In the lower court and
that it was unwise to disturb the judg- |
ment. .
TIRED OF LIFE.
Business Beverses Caused J. C. Bon- !
sell to Plan His Own Destruction.
j C Bonsell, a man about BO years of |
ago attempted BUidde In a room at 968 j
Harrison street last evening. He was
taken to the Receiving Hospital by Of
flcer O'Conner. and after his stomach had j
be< n relieved of a copious draught of mor- 1
ohine was pronounced out of danger.
Bonsell'a brother-in-law, named Starke.
failed in business at the corner of Fifth
and Harrison streets last week, and a
large amount of money invested by the
old man vanished. This reverse Is sup
posed tn have caused his rash act. Ahout
11 o'clock last evening Uw landlady heard
him moaning in his room and cnlled a
,li-,. officer, who in turn rung up an am
hi lance In the mans room were found
a loaded pistol and bottle* of laudanum!
an HeTef r t P letters to the landlady. Coroner,
his wife and several other persons. In a
letter to "Millie" whom he addresses as
his wife hut with whom he is not living,
he states thai should this attempt at self
destruction prove futile he would try
again. The letter io the Coroner Is as
follows:
Fil Hill Coroner of San Francisco: I am
abort yhuffline off this mortal coil and It!
nobody's d business hut my own.
At an early hour this morning he was
resting easily. He Is believed to have
acted while mentally deranged.
Gave Him "Knock Out" Drops.
Prank Lane, an ex-convict, waa yester
day held by Judpe Graham to answer be
fore the Superior Court on a charge of
grand larceny in %?.W0 bonds. About ten
days ago Grace Wise and Lane enticed
William BronsUd, a laborer from the
country, to the girl'B room, and after
"doping" some beer they made him drink
he was robbed of Sl2O. Lane absconded
with the money to Stockton, but was ar
rested and brought back.
Because He "Knocked Him.
William Newton, IK> Sixth street, ffworfl
to a complaint in Judge Treadwell's court
yesterday for the arrest of George Me-
Rea on a charge of battery. Newton said
that at the last election in Alameda Mc-
Rea was a candidate for Chief of Police
and Newton did all he could to "knock"
i him and was successful. . On Monday
: afternoon they met in front of 32 Cali
, fornia street, and Mcßea at once at
, tacked him, knocked him down and
; kicked him into unconsciousness.
Gentlemen's Sodality.
Ten new members were admitted into
full membership in the Gentlemen's So
dality of St. Ignatius Church at the ser
vices held in their chapel last Sunday
morning. The membership of the sodal
ity now numbers over 700 and the so
ciety is in a very flourishing condition.
Next Sunday morning the sodalists will
march in full regalia from their chapel to
St. Ignatius Church, where they will as
sist at mass and receive holy communion
in a body
Precita Valley to Have a Park.
Precita Valley is to have a public parK.
The Precitn Valley Improvement Club,
the object of which is to improve that sec
tion of suburban San Francisco, has let 9
contract for the park to the City Im
provement Company. This is the happy
fruition of years of effort on the part of
the residents of the valley to provide an
op< n-air place for recreation within reach
of their homes.
Convicts Sentenced.
C. I* Meldrum. convicted on a charge of
burglary in the second degree, was sen
tenced to two years' imprisonment in Fol
soa by Judge Dunne yesterday. Nellie
La Plo"m. convicted of grand larceny, was
given eighteen months in San Quentln for
the crime. Joseph E. Gilllgan pleaded
guilty to 8 charge of petty larceny yes
terday and was sentenced to six months
In the County Jail by Judge Cook.
Tore Off His Scalp.
H. J. Van Hill, about 30 years of ago
and a waiter in a German hotel at 560
Howard street, fell downstairs late last
night and sustained Injuries which will
probably prove fatal. The entire scalp
was almost torn from the unfortunate
man and he was internally injured. He
was taken to the Harbor Hospital, l it
little hope is entertained for hia recovery.
The Medal Fund,
"Willard B. Harrington of the committee
on address to the clergy has on behalf
of the finance committee of the Native
Sons of the Golden West's California vol
unteers' medal fund committee made an
appeal to the clergy to make known to
the congregations that there is a demand
for funds to procure medals.
CHANGES TO BE MADE
BY WARDEN AGUIRRE
Two Officials at San Quentin Peniten-
tiary Are Slated for De
capitation.
SAN RAFAEL, June 6.— Martin Aguirre,
the new Warden of San Quentin Prison,
came to this city last evening as the
guest of Prison Director James B. Wil
kins and did not return to San Francisco
until this morning. The two officials dia
cussed questions of prison policy at some
length, but the ostensible reason for
Aguirre's visit was to have Director "Wil
kins approve his bond.
•'Mr. Aguirre informs me." said the di
rector, "that he intends to make no radi
cal ■ hanges in official positions, but will
bring his brother and ex-Under Sheriff
McClure of Los Angeles to San Quentin
with him, as he wishes to have a few
friends with whom he can sustain con
fidential relations. Ex-Supervisor Ed
Smith is trying to obtain the position of
commissary, but it cannot be learned
whether or not he has been successful.
McClure will take the position of either
ESdgar or Birlem."
Director Wilkins said emphatically
there would be no changes at present in
the personnel of the guards.
MATCH APPLIED TO
PUBLIC BUILDINGS
Dastardly Work of an Incendiary-
Arouses the Residents of
Carson City.
CARSON CITY. New. June 6.— An at
tempt was made last night to burn the
Episcopal church. The structure was
Bayed from destruction by the prompt ac
tion of the fire company. The siu-d back
of the church was burned and considera
ble daman- was done to the main build
ing That the tire was the work of mi
Incendiary » certain, as coal oil was
found about the place.
During an Investigation to-day the fact
d iveloped that attempts had been mnda
to burn the public school building and
th<> Catholic church. There is talk of
forming a vigilance committee, and should
some culprit bt- found hanging to a tele
graph pule it would surprise no one.
Twelve years ago a man was. hanged hero
for incendiarism, and should th.> firebug
at present operating in Carson be caught
a hanging bee will follow. Rewards are
offered for the capture of the culprit.
AUCTION SALES.
PLANING MILL MACHINERY
FOR SALE AT AUCTION ON THE PREMISES
THURSDAY, June 29, at 10 O'clock A. M.,
One steam engine, 16x42, recent make. Union
Iron Works, with pump 3, valves, heater, steam
and feed pipes. One Band re-Saw. 5 feet
wheels, 6-lnch blade, will saw 36-inch stuff 8
Inches on one side of the blade and 10 Inches
on the other. One Gray & Wood planer. Will
plane 24 by 24ftinchea and will raise to 30
inches. One 30-inch and one 21-inch surfacers.
and one 8-Inch buzz planer. Five stickers or
molding machines with knives and tools. Ona
heavy swing cut-off saw. Two strong rip 'saws
with counter shafts and belting. One stave
crozer and one tank bottom champering ma-
chine. Two boring machines, three punches.
One wood turning shop complete, four lathes,
cut-off and rip saws, band and Jig saws, shaper,
shafting, belting, tools, etc. One bolt-cutting
machine with full seta of right and left hand
taps and dies. One Blacksmith shoo outfit.
Largo amount of shafting and belting. Largo
stock of molding*, etc.
WELLS, TtUPSET T & CO., Mechanics' Mills,
Tor.' M'p«lor and Fremont Ft?,. S.T,
> S^%. J>r. Gibbon's Dispensary,
iLttSsJls 625 KEARSY ST. Established
£4*l^ rtftji In I«S4 .'or the trosttupnt of Private
ESiiv A'\W Dr. Gibson's Dispensary,
■ 625 KEARSY ST. F.stab!!sbe<l
B in 1*54 for the treatiiipnt oi Private
W DifPHses. liOBtM.Hnhni>d Debility or
eraSfsKKE&a disease weariDzon bodyand mind and
•SKfcPSs&Sy Ski" DisPast s. t'hedociorcureswh'jti
TtgSj^Hva others fail. Try him. Charges low.
.KSQSaQQgJ cares sraarantmi. Call orwritc.
Sri Jt *• ttIBBQSt B«x 1907. Saw i'raactacok
910
PREPARING FOR THE ANNUAL
OUTBURST OF PATRIOTISM
Loud Will the Eagle
Scream This
Year.
THE Fourth of July Committee
is now fully organized. The
officers have been chosen, sub
committees appointed and the
real work has begun. The past
year has been a notable one in the
history of the country and it is the
intention of the promoters of the city's
patriotism to make the eagle scream
louder this year than ever before— not
to be a faint echo of that screech
which will begin as the day breaks
over old Maine and her companions of
the "original thirteen," but one loud,
continuous roar that will echo and
re-echo from the new possessions in
the west to the mother States of the
East.
George R. Fletcher, whose hand has
guided other committees and whose
brain has helped plan other celebra
tions, has been chosen chairman this
year, and his fellow-workers have
WILL ERECT A
TWO MILLION
DOLLAR HOTEL
Handsome Structure
on Baldwin Site.
CORPORATION" WILL BUILD IT
HALF OF THE AMOUNT HAS
BEEN SUBSCRIBED.
Eleven Stories of Iron and Stone to
Be Erected in Plac% of the
Present Charred
Ruins.
The eye-assailing ruins which mark the
site of the destroyed Baldwin Hotel will
give way to a structure of iron and stone,
perhaps the most magnificent in this city.
Unless present plans, which are on the
point of consummation, miscarry, a hotel
■will be reared >in the corner 'if Eddy and
Market streets which will vie with the
most famous buildings of Its kind. Two
millions of dollars will be expended in the
construction of this magnificent edifice,
in which the besi features of modern ar
chitecture will find materialization.
Ever since the fateful night when the
old hotel was laid in ashes schemes for
the rebuilding of what was left of tho
Baldwin block have been as prolific as
they were chimerical. Kirst it waa a
theater ami a Mr hotel which would
adorn that part of the city. Then Bald
win himself would come forward with
plans for a low two-storied huilding, and
on the following day he would announce
to the public thai be had Thanked his
mind and would permit investors to
beautify the city by building a multi-
Btoried hostelry upon his land.
Tin- present BChem< has received the at
tention of a number of local capitalists
who have formed a corporation for the
jiurpo.se of building a hotel which in ar
chitectural beauty and practical utility
will far surpass any other hotel in this
city. It will lie eleven st»ries in height,
the ground floor to he a -series of large
stores with a frontage on Powell. Ellis
and Market streets. Th< intention of the
builders is not to have a theater in the
. utilizing the entire building space
for rooms.
Baldwin was forced into the business
end of the scheme, and it is said that he
gave mi unwilling acquiescence to the de
mands of the capitalists who have joined
together and formed a corporation. Ar
chitects have been engaged to prepare
)>lans for the new building, and that part
of the work is now progressing. A mil
lion of dollars has been subscribed for
instruction of the building. The sec
ond million will bo forthcoming when the
time arrives. This, together with the
12,500,000 valuation on the land, will make
a $4,500,000 property out of the corner,
which is in the core of the city's traffic.
Baldwin has left the city for the south.
All that remains to make the deal a cer
tainty is the signing of a few contractual
agreements which have been prepared al
ready. It is expected that the entire mat-
been everywhere congratulated on the
happy choice. Mr. Fletcher is well
known, not only in the outlying dis
tricts where, his interests are, but
throughout tho city and State.
Robert W. Dennis has been chosen
for the position of secretary of the
Keneral committee. Although not as
old in years or experience as Mr.
Fletcher, he has already shown his
capability in many ways. James S.
Devlin is not new to the position of
treasurer. He has already filled it
several times, and there has never
i murmur of discontent at his
method of handling- the finances. The
other committeemen are well known
in the city, and they have entered into
the spirit of the day with a zest that
promises great things.
The parade committee of the coming
F> urth of July celebration has begun
active work to cause all of Uncle
Same navy now on the Pacific Coast
■,'lezvous in San Francisco I '•;■>■
on the Fourth of July and participate
in the celebration by a great naval
display
The following telegram was sent
yesterday to Washington by tho
president and grand marshal of the
celebration, to be followed by others
from our Senator and Congressmen,
urging that the matter receive prompt
ter will be consummated within a few 1
weeks.
C. W. FREESE A WHARFINGER.
Solitary Appointment by the Harbor
: Commissioners. '
The Harbor Commissioners were ex
j pected to make a . number of official
changes at the meeting yesterday, but
they failed to materialize, with the ex
ception of one which Commissioner Har
ney slipped in during a lull in the pro
ceedings. This was the appointment of
C. \V. Freese. a relative of Captain A. C.
Freese, ex-Public Administrator, to a
wharfinger's berth in the place made va
cant by the expiration of the term of !
service of J. S. Wiggins. The expected I
! appointments will come later in the |
i month.
The Southern Pacific was on - hand '
through its paymaster, J. M. Hanford, to
protest against the charges on slips, both I
ferry and freight. Its protest was not so I
much against what it was paying, but
, against alleged discrimination. For the i
i landings in front of the ferry building i
the company says it pays an average of
$1060 a month for each slip. It alleges
1 that the two adjoining slips are rented to
the California and Northwestern Railway
for $480 and $600 a slip. The company also
: objected to the payment of $19,200 a year
for the Second street freight slip it is now
j using.
The- board's stated reason for the varia
tion in the charges is because the South- |
crn Pacific finds much more use for slips
than the other companies, and taking pat
tern after C. P. liuntington. it is charging
"all the traffic will bear." It was de- !
I cided to set aside a time for the hearing
of the petition of the company and settle
the matter.
The engineer of the board reported that
Broadway pier 2 was being overloaded by
Goodall, Perkins & Co. The dock will
stand a load of about 250 pounds to the i
, square foot, and the steamship people are ,
; said to be piling nail Kegs, weighing 100 |
pounds each and occupying an area of ,
about one square foot, in tiers six feet j
high. Six hundred pounds to the foot was ;
beyond anything the wharves could stand. :
the engineer said, and he suggested in j
that connection that wharves should be!
, built to stand more of a load than has j
been the custom in the past.
Captain Goodall was on hand to explain
i matters, which he did by urging press of ,
business, and as a result he was given j
i more space on section 4 of the seawall.
SEVERELY WOUNDED.
Private Julius Crow Is Shot Through
the Right Lung.
Private Julius Crow, Company D, cas
ual detachment, now lies in the General I
Hospital at the Presidio suffering from a !
wound that may prove fatal. He was <
shot in a most peculiar manner on Sat- j
urday morning while at target practice, j
The soldier was engaged behind the tar- i
get in keeping the score. In some way j
the bullet after it struck the target was
deflected downward and struck Crow un- |
der the right shoulder-blade, passing en- |
tirely through him and perforating the j
lung. The bullet was tired from a Krap- i
Jorgensen rifle and at long range. No one !
seems just able to explain how the acci- j
dent happened, but it is supposed that
the soldier was standing up at the time '
behind the butts of the target, and that j
the bullet struck the base of the target
and probably hit a piece of the iron
framework and glanced.
When Crow was first taken to the hos
pital his death was momentarily expected, j
out owing: to his wonderful vitality he
has a chance to recover.
To Boycott Techau Tavern.
The San Francisco Labor Council at a
special meeting held last night for the
purpose of considering the report of the
executive committee on the complaint of
the Musicians' Union against R. J.
Techau, proprietor of Teqhau's Tavern,
In which he was charged with employing
non-union labor, adopted the report "anil
declared its intention of placing a boy
cott on Techau's place. If this decision
is Indorsed by the Musicians' Union at Its
meeting Wednesday night the boycott
will be formally declared at the regular
meetlna: of the council on Friday night.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 7, 1899.
A Naval Parade to
Be One of the 7
Features.
and favorable consideration:
SAN FRANCISCO. Junp R. 1899.
Hon. John D. Liong, Secretary of the
Navy, Washington, D. C— Sir: The citi
zens of Sim Francisco, representing the
famUli? iind friends Of the California boys
In Manila, desire to make a grand display
of "iir marine forces on thp Fourth of July,
and a?k you to order the lowa to remain
here until July 5, and also an ordT from
you to all naval commanders on tMn coast
lezvi US In the harbor of Han Fran
cisco on July 4.
i 'an we i)'- bo favored?
GEORGE X FLETCHBR,
• 'hairman Fourth of July Committee,
s. v. COSTELLO. Grand Marshal.
Major General W. R. Shaftor, who
is at present at Bakersfleld, was yes
terday in telephonic communication
with Grand Marshal S. v. Costello
and stated that he would do all in his
power t" have tht- California boys now
In Manila here in time for the cele
bration.
PORT WARDENS
WILL NOT YIELD
UP THEIR SEATS
Governor's Appoint
ees Must Go to Law.
A LIVELY CONFERENCE HELD
PROVOST AND ATTWOOD RE
FUSED TO RESIGN.
Senator Braunhart Will Not Yield.
Gage's Men Begin to Think He
Has Given Them a Gold
Brick.
Governor Gage's appointees alon&
the water front have not succeeded in
dropping into their seats as easily as they
anticipated. F. S. Chadbourne is on the
outside waiting for Rudolph Herold Jr. to
vacate his position as Harbor Commis
sioner, and now come the new Port
Wardens, whom the gentleman from the
scuth has selected, and who, judging
from what trajisplred yesterday, are
likely to pose for many a long and weary
month as "select men."
(Yesterday Charles Spear and Senator
V. W. Burnett, Governor Gape's men,
waited on Percy Henderson. Sam Braun
hr.rt and Captains N. Provost and H. R.
Atrwood In conference, and Rpear and
P.urnett expressed their anxiety to per
form the duties of Port Warden at once.
These gentlemen presented their creden
t'als from the Governor, and formally
asked Captains Provost and Attwood to
vacate their scats. This Is exactly what
these gentlemen have no Intention of
doing-. They claim, and with considerable
earnestness, that they were appointed for
the space of four years and that not till
their four years have expired will they
abandon their posts. The -credentials of
Messrs. Spear and Burnett, they politely
Intimate, are so much waste paper, and
say that they will pay no attention to
what Governor Gage lias done In the mat
ter of appointments now.
They argue with some show of reason
that when Governor Perkins went, into
office he created three Port Wardens, who
were to hold for foar years. His ap
pointees held for four years, though the
Governor himself only held for three
years, owing to the adoption of the new
constitution. Ever since the office of
Port Warden was created the appointees
have held for four years, and neither
Captain Provost nor Captain Attwood
feels Inclined to break this time-honored
rule.
There were arguments for nearly two
hours, thn newly appointed Port Wardens
desiring to impress upon the stolid under
standing of the present holders the all
embracing power of the Governor and
how futile it was to buck "against the
Governor." The four holders, however,
entertain quite a different opinion as 'to
bucking the power of the Governor," in
somucn that Samuel Braunhart, whose
term of office has expired, also announced
his Intention of refusing to vacate his
seat.
•♦What?" asked Charles Spear in tones
in which the accents of astonishment
and fear struggled hard for the mastery,
"don't you intend to resign and let your
successor have your seat?"
"Not much," replied Samuel, as he lit
a fresh cigar. "Not if I know it. The Gov
ernor hasn't got the right to make any
appointment, and I'll tell you why. He
had the right, but he's so precious smart
that ho didn't seize the opportunity, and
now that he has lost it he's going to lose
Both Burnett and Spear asked for fur
ther information.
"It's this way," said Braunhart. "My
term as Port Warden expired while the
Senate was in session. The Governor had
the right to name my successor and let
him be confirmed by the Senate, but he
didn't, and now he's got no right to name
a man. Oh. we'll teach them jays from
Los Angeles that they don't know every
thing. We are tin de siecle, we are, here
iin San Francisco. We ain't no back num
bers, and so the man who wants my seat
can whistle for it."
And thus the matter stands. Captains
Provost and Attwood are determined
t to stay out their term of office, while Sen
ator Braunhart declared he has the law
with him. and the Governor's man Oick
ell) can stiind and wait or make a light
in the courts. The present holders are
serene and smiling; the men who haye
been appointed are on the warpath. In
their rage they are ready to blame Gage
for having given them a gold brick. All
they have at present received is the
merry ha-ha.
During the discussion the Port \\ ar
den's secretary. John Harrigan, duly
noted the demand of Messrs. Spear and
Burnett for their seats, an.l also placed
on record the fact that Messrs. Provosi
and Attwood refused to yield up their
seats. Tli.- meeting then adjourned with
', victory perching on the banner of the
i present board of Port Wardens. Governor
Gage's appointees will now have to ap
peal to the courts.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL
T J Hanrahan, Sacto B F Shepherd. Cal
W F Parker, L Ang B F Meyer, El Paso
T J Monroe, Seattle P o Uihn. S Cruz
A A Boecker, Pa JA Luchessa, Cambria
C Gore, Cal ' xv Bowen, L Ang
C F Curry, Sacto I Miss Bnwen, I, Ang
J H Gardiner, Cal C P Homes, Boston
F J Brandon. S Jose 'Mrs Osborn, Cal
■ W Stutt <C- w. Wash© F Atwood, Stockton
.) Luxow, Colo A M Martin, Cal
T. Huseman. Cal E B M Dowall & W. Cal
H W Burntree <t W, Or R J Hudson. Haniord
Mrs L c Coulter, Or B A Ogden, Bonora
Master Coulter or X A Davis, Oakland
R W Skinner & w. Cal B F Gins. Willows
H W Johnston & w, Cal C S Deboe, wia
Miss A Brown, Seattle C 1' H:\ywnrd. \\ Is
Miss O Brown. Seattle G M Hall, Cal
B B Baxter. Seattle H Hill. Chi
W T Gatley & w <\-il L H-ilbron.
F J Hoover. Stanford Rl> I lolabird, L Ang
J McCudden, Vallejo W C Byrne .* w, Cal
Miss X McCudden, Cal I- Lederer A w, Ud
W H Gibson Ohio W F Parker. L Ang
E P Gibson, Ohio .1 E Apperson, Dlxon
JF A Tarbu, I. Ang W A Jones, Cal
W C Green Ivo.li J D Simpson. L Ang
P W Morse. Cal E J Dwyer, Sacto
G W Gates & w, Minn
PALACE HOTEL.
' Edwards, N V 1< U Steinman. Pa. -to
E Strauss Chicago Mrs Steinman, Sacto
J Eisendrath. Chicago J Ames, N V
A Davies, N V Mrs J Ames, N \
A Ginseman Jr, N V |J Oestriecher. N V
V Mayer N V 'Mrs Oestriecher, N V
J M Bngler, Cal W .1 Cheyney. Pa
1 NT Bruonn. N V iMrs Cheyney, Pa
, Mrs Huntress. N V IProf Knuth. Germany
T T Williams. Cal O vim der Heyde. Ger-
G ■; Klmball, Cal many
■ M Shutt, Tacoma A Suskind, c a l
Mrs Shutt, Tacoma G A Dolby. England
T W Hyde Hutte i> M Lumsdens Knglnd
Mrs Henry. Butte ' V Person Stockton
Mrs 1,-irgey Butte A I- 1.-evinsky. Stktn
Miss Largey. Butte M de Vrles. Stockton
Miss Butler, H'ltte \V A Taylor, Colo
■ X Slmpkins. Boston F Maytham, Btanford
Miss Simpklna, Boston I E Rawllns. Hartford
E M Edward*. N V .is Robertson. Hartford
i Mrs Edwar.is. N V
NKW WESTERN HOTF.I-
W E Reavls, chgo .1 Rayer, Cal
J Hernstedt, Cal G Finnore, tah
J Campbell N V I[ Springer & w, Cal
G W McKay Boston G A Wntteside, c a l
H Hall Me'rced E X KnpX, Cal
L.l Cdttrell. Cal ; I> H Reihhart. Seattle
T M Crawford, Brook- T W Paulsen A: fam.
]vn Seattle
T W Terrill Me W Black, Oregon
E Olsen Mass |J C Simpleton & fam.
H M Burton. BactO | Cal
Miss Bell, Vallejo
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Ban Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
257 Hayes street: open until <*:30 o'clock.
611 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
IMI Mission btreet; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market Btreet, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2.'.26 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Council No. 2, R. * S. ■
M.. will meet THIS (WEDNESDAY)
EVENING, June 7. at 7:30 o'clock, f or }&J\
business and degrees. By order of the / >
T. I. M. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Recorder.
MOUNT MORI AH Lodge No. 44, F. and •
A. stated meeting THIS i\VKli-Jl
NESDAY) EVENING, at - o'clock. ]%J\
O- THEO. FROLICH. Sec. /▼>
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139, F. and A. m
M.— Stated meeting THIS IWEDNF.S- Jk
DAY) EVENING, June 7. at 7:M'Kjf
o'clock. H. FORTRIEDE. Sec. f^f^
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166. F. and A. a
M. -Stated meeting THIS (WKDNKS-
DAY) EVENING. June 7. at T:3OTS3f
O'clock. THEODORE E. SMITH. '▼>
Secretary.
MAGNOLIA Lodge No. 29, I. O. O. vs^M^s.
F.— Funeral detail meet TH 1 S -^V^g!xC-
(WEDNESDAY) at 10 a. m., in : =^3Sj»pS^
our lodzeroom to attend the fu- ' // '"
neral of our late brother. PH. GOLDBERG.
SAMUEL POLACK. Secretary.
THE regular meeting of the San Fran- fit
Cisco Bricklayers' Association will be il
held THIS (WEDNESDAY) - EVEN- A 9*
ING. June 7. 1599. at B. B. Hall, 121 jfylj
Eddy St., at S o'clock. A full attend- <rrc(
ance is requested. Business of import- If*
E. J. BRANDON. President.
THE Regular Democratic Club of the Forty-
fifth District will hold Its i regular meeting
WEDNESDAY EVENING, June 7. at Gari-
baldi Hall, 425 Broadway.
T. ARNBERGER. President.
R. J. ESTXTDILLO, Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTlCE— Abandoned children in the Roman
Catholic Orphan Asylum since January,- 1898:
Henrietta Barraco, aged 9 years; Anna Bar-
raco, 8; Gertrude Barns, 11; Anna Barns, 9;
Lillian Horgan, 9; Maud Ednberg, 9; Irene
Edsberg, 7; Kath. Sullivan, 6; Mary Oliver.
10. :
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5520.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid..
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND No. 4 (30 cents per share) of the
Paauhau Sugar Plantation Company will be
payable at the office of the company, 327
Market St., on and after Saturday, June 10,
1899. Transfer books will* close on Saturday,
June 3, 1599, at 12 o'clock m.
_, EH. SHELDON. Secretary.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment — Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel, Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese help; established 20
years; tel, Main 1997. Bradley & Co., 640 Clay.
SITUATIONS WANTED — FEMALE.
GERMAN woman, thoroughly understands deli-
cacy business, first-class carver, can take full
charge. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish housegirl, $25; if. you
want good girl this is your chance. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St. .
COMPETENT German second girl desires sit-
uation; best references; country preferred.
; MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. ;
COMPETENT Swedish girls desire situations as
cook and second girl: -best city references
MISSCULLEN. 325 Sutter. St. -y .
NEAT ■'•oung girl desires situation as nurse or
to assist in housework; $10 to $15. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st. .
COMPETENT German cook desires situation;
I best references; city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st. . .--.-,  ,/
AN • American : nurse accustomed to hospital
-work, also American matron for institution,
with best of references, desires situation. See
J. F. : CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
YOUNG f German girl desires second =■ work; no
children: $15. MRS. LAMBERT. US Powell. ,
SITUATIONS -WANTED— Continued.
DANISH girl, first-class cook and housework-
er; best references; city or Oakland. Address
or telephone MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter St.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, good cook. $10 to i $12;
best references. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
GREEN~Swedish girl wishes Place to_ assist;
strong and willing; $10. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st.
YOUNG woman with a child (Swedish) wishes
Place; good cook and housekeeper; wages no
..l.j.'ct. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
WANTED To care for one or more children
over 3 in refined family; well educated; also
speaks and reads German; good home preferred
to high salary; city, country or will travel
as companion; references exchanged. Box
583, call office.
REFINED girl (Danish) desires position as
seamstress or care of an Invalid lady; best
city references. Apply 1259 O'Farrell St.,
Y. "W. C. A. '
NEAT lady wishes position to assist with gen-
eral housework or do upstairs work ; wages
$15. Call or address 919 Sanchez St., near
Twenty-second.
NEAT young woman wishes to assist in light
housework or will sew in exchange for room
iind board; competent. 645 FolHOin st.
COMPETENT woman desires washing or
housework by the day or half day; $1, 50c.
Address box 592, Call office.
■AMERICAN !;ulv - stranger In city, would as-
sist in household duties In exchange for home.
Address box 505, Call office.
POSITION as cashier in restaurant by young
lady of neat appearance: some experience;
small wages to begin with. Box 581, Call.
ViiCNH K irl wishes situation at second work
or light housework; wages $15. Please call
1">248 Howard St., near Fifteenth.
MAN and wife as Janitors for office or house-
cleaning by day, month or will take care
ol rooming "house. 242 Natoma St., basement.
EXPERIENCED Swedish girl wishes a place
to do second work or chamber work and sew-
ing. Please call 1126 Howard St.
LADY with boy of 10 wishes situation as
housekeeper or cook; terms reasonable. Call
439 Minna St.. near Sixth.
WANTED— Position by reliable woman as
nurse; is trustworthy; best reference. Box
686, Call office.
yOUNG woman with a child 4 years old would
like to do housework in the city or country.
Call at 410 Minna st.
WoMAN with ;i child wants situation ;is cook
on a ranch or as working housekeeper. Call
394 Sixth st.. In barber shop.
YOUNG girl wishes to do general housework or
second work: city or country; good refer-
ences. l-'3 Olive aye.
Woman wishes situation to do general house-
work. 35S Grove st.
GERMAN girl wants housework. 310 Jessie st.
RELIABLE woman wants situation; good cook;
city or country. Box 688, Call office.
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes position to do gen-
eral housework. Please call at 12 Rltch st.
I.AhY wishes sewing and mending to do at/
home. 150 Fourth st., room 12, first door.
WOMAN would like to do washing. Ironing or
sewing at home. 31 Vandewater st.
YoUNG woman would like position at house
01 b ii. l work. MSS Jessie st.. near Sixth.
NEAT German girl wishes general housework;
country preferred, sr.6 Mission st.
SITUATION wanted by a competent girl for
housework and cooking In Alameda; wages
from $20 to $20. Call at 1614 Schiller st., near
Railroad aye., Alameda.
COMPETENT woman wishes a position as
housekeeper In a private family. Address 37
Minna st.
COLORED woman would like place to work
by da] or week; is good cook. Call or ad-
dress BM Geary st.
REFINED young lady desires situation as
companion to Invalid lady: no objection to
travel; references. Apply bet. S:SO and 12 and
from G to S. 2fi Turk St., Park Hotel.
MIDDLE-AGED refined woman as companion
..r assistant In Christian family; care of chil-
dren, sewing, light housework, caretaker; any
position of trust: city or country. Address
MRS. E. M. ELLSING, 522 Van Ness aye.
RELIABLE woman wishes a situation to do
general housework; city or short distance
in the country: will work for moderate
wages; kind to children; references If re-
quired. 1886 Twenty-third st.. near Sanchez.
WANTED — By a young woman from the East,
any light housework or taking care of chil-
dren: good home more an object than wages.
Ft"X :,73. Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 &0 to }«
week; convenient and respectable; fre« 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
SITUATIONS WANTED — MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414H O'Farrell St.; tel. Eaat 424.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; ail kinds
help. CEO. AOKI, 30 Geary st. ; tel. Grant 56.
WANTED — Situation^ in a camp hotel for man
anil wife: wife as cook; man can do anything
about hotel, wait on table, attend bar or
care for horses. Box 684, Call.
WANTED, by a reliable young man. window
or huusecleaning or work about private place;
■ best city reference. ANDERSEN. 219 Kearny.
I U'ANESE waiter and cook, good experience,
wants to work for a camping party. Address
boa 688. Call.
FIRST-CLASS general blacksmith and horse-
shoer; "1 years' experience. Address Me-
chanic, box 126. Call office. Oakland.
YOUNG man, 22, seeks situation in any ca-
paclty; last place 4 years. Box 685, Call.
SITUATION city or country, by middle-aged
man; take care private place; can milk; handy
with tools; reference. Address Box 683, Call.
EXPERIENCED man nurse for societies; night
w.rk preferred; references. Box 1633. Call.
FIKST-CLAKS oysterman wishes a steady place
In an oyster house, market or grotto. HEN-
KYS, ;'.14 Central aye., near Hayes Et.
BARBKK. young man of 21. would like steady
Job In country town. Apply 741 Howard St.,
room 5.
YOUNG man and wife, hotel or lodging house
work; man handy with tools. S. THOMAS,
1125V4 Mission st.
GOOD, reliable bar man; speaks German and
English; country preferred; the best of ref-
erences. Box 571. Call office.
STRONG sober man. Just from East, desires
\v.,rk in city as quick as possible; do any-
thing. LAZOWY, 60 Third St.
YOUNG man will work on fruit orchard for $1
a day; must be Bteady place year around;
any rart of State; well recommended. Box
SO5. Call office.
WANTED— By a practical steam and lager
beer brewer, a situation; best references.
Address box 1614. Call office.
GARI'F.NER. coachman, general utility man
wishes situation; city or country; good refer-
ences. Box C 97, Call office.
MAN and wife, young couple, would like din-
ing-room work; country hotel. Box 930. Call.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address !n th»
United State?, postpaid, for SI per year.
HELP WASTED — FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant ISS
Head waitress for first-class commercial ho-
tel, $30, see party here this morning; walt-
res'ses, Santa Cruz, $20; 12 waitresses for
springs, resorts and commercial hotels, $20;
3 waitresses, city, $20; 2 chambermaids to
wait. $20; 3 fancy ironers. $30 month and $10
week; cook, small hotel. San Rafael, $30: 3
restaurant waitresses. $5 week; lunch wait-
ress. 50c •
Shampooer for Hammam baths, Sacramento,
steady work, see party here 10:30
FAMILY ORDERS
Ranch cook, fine place, $20, fare paid
3 working housekeepers, $15 and $20; housegirl,
small family. $20, very nice place, and many
girls of all nationalities for cooking and gen-
eral housework, $15 to $25. C. R. HANSEN
\- CO., Hs-t Geary St.
WANTED— French lady's maid and seamstress,
$2.'.: German or Swedish second girl and seam-
stress. $25; French nurse. $20; Protestant sec-
ond girl. $20; talloress, $S a week; 2 laun-
dresses, $20 and $25; waitress for resort, $20;
2 waitresses for country hotel, $20; 3 wait-
resses for restaurant, $5 a week; wet nurse,
$25; 2 German cooks, $30; a number of girls
for cooking and general housework, of all na-
tionalities, for city and country, at $15, $20
and $25. AuDly to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK. Oakland, $25; Alameda, $25; San
Rafael, $20; and several other towns; 20 house-
work girls, city, $25 and $20 each; 8 young
girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter «t.
COOK and second girl, same house, $25 and $15
per month each: chamberwork and waiting,
Alameda, $20; second work, Oakland. $20; 10
waitresses and chambermaids, city $25 and
$20 each. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK, Belvedere, $30; cook, San Jose, $25;
housekeeper, short distance, $15 to $20. MR9
NORTON, 313 Sutter St.
WOMEN to wash dishes. $15: young girls to
assist, $10 to $12; housegirl, $25. MRS NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter st.
WAITRESS for city; cook for roadhouse. wages
$25; .25 young girls for housework, wages $15
MISS DILLON, 315 Sutter st. ; phone Main 804!
GERMAN cook, 3 months, for San Rafael, $23
MRS. LAMBERT. 418 Powell at.
HELP WANTEll— Continued.
WANTED— Neat young girl to go errands.
SCHIMMEL & STOVER, Ladles' Tailors. 408
Sutter st.
GERMAN girl for general housework and plain
cooking; 2 In family; wages $20. Apply morn-
Ing at 3220 Jackson st.
GIRL for general housework and cooking; Bhort
distance In country. Apply 617 Steiner St.,
near Hayes.
GIKL wanted to learn hairdresslng. Call on
MISS L. KEEGAN, 134 Powell St.
WANTED— A young girl for light housework.
1362 Geary st.
WANTED— Neat waitress. 3282 Mission st.
GIRL for general housework. $15. 720 Four-
teenth St., near Market.
LADY copyist; state h#>\ wages, > n t< Address
Writer, box 585. Call office.
GIRL 15 to 16 to assist with lieht housework;
good home; wages $S. 1208 Union st.
WANTED— A strong German girl to do general
housework; wages $1S to $20. 108 Chattanooga.
WANTED— Buttonhole makers and apprentices
on custom vests. 339 Fifth st.
2 FIRST-CLASS pressers (women); none other
need apply. 353 Tehama St.
WANTED— A dressmaker and an apprentice.
1318 Lnxkin St.
GOOD finishers wanted on vests; apprentice
with experience. 641V4 Stevenson St.
GIRL for housework; one who likes children;
wages from $15 up. 19168 Powell st.
WANTED— GirI to assist in general housework.
Apply after 9 a. m. at 1400 Webster st.
OPERATORS on rants. 634 Ellis st.
PANTS finishers and apprentices wanted; paid
while learning; good sewers. 124 Turk st.
LADY to take care of an invalid; waees $10.
Call at 2222 Bush st.
ERONERS and girls wanted. Empire Laundry
Co.. 759 Bryant Ft.
GERMAN girl to assist with light housework
and children. 20 Camp St., near Sixteenth.
GIRL to help take care of children. Apply
after 1 p. m., 2722 Folsom st. ____
WANTED-A neat girl for general housework.
1034Vfe Bryant st.
GIRL for general housework: German pre-
ferred. 117 Clipper St., bet. 25th and 26th.
PANTS finisher: steady work. 110 William st.,
off Geary, bet. Taylor and Jones.
WANTED— GirI about 15 to assist in hcuse-
work; good home, $5. Box 597. Call office.
GOOD finisher on custom coats and buttonhole
maker. 466 Clementina st. ; steady work.
FINISHERS on pants: steady work. 858 How-
ard st.. bet. 4th and sth, over handball court.
WANTED— A good girl for general housework.
731 Ore<>n st., near Mason.
gTrL to assist in general housework. 737 Mc-
Allister st.. near Octavia.__
LADIES wanted everywhere to distribute sam-
ples and advertise California Orange Syrup,
$2 per day and expenses paid, cash every
week. Particulars for 2-cent stamp. Cali-
fornia Orange Syrup Co.. San Francisco. Cal.
EXPERIENCED shirt operators: best prices;
■teady employment. Eagleson Co.. 835 Market.
WANTED— An elderly woman to cook for 4 or
C men; waßps $10 per month; Swedish or Ger-
man. 500 Halght st.
Al PUPILS lor select millinery school; trad©
thoroughly taught; plenty work: satisfaction
guaranteed: terms easy; evening classes. 50fl
I.eavenworth *t.
HELP WASTED MALE.
...NO OFFICE FEE
HIRE TO-DAY SHIP TO-MORROW
COAST ROAD
FREE FARE FREE FARE-
TEAMSTERS LABORERS
C. R. HANSEN & CO
104 GEARY ST
TUNNELMEN, Coast Road Free fare
Tunnelm^n. Valley R0ad. ..20c and 25c an hour
C. R. HANSEN & CO
104 GEARY ST
HARNESS maker for a ranch, $35 and found;
blacksmith, ranch; $40 and found; blacksmith
for a camp. city. $45 and found; tin roofer,
$2 SO a day; woodsmen, see boss here, $40 to
$26 and found ; farm and vineward hands, $1
a day and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary' st.
11KA1) cook, summer resort, see party here, $>>0;
head and second cook, country' hotel, $75 and
$50; 2 German cooks, country hutel, $100, see
party here; head and second cook, country
hotel, *«o and $40; French broiler, $70; night
cook, $50; potwasher, $25; glass pantryman,
* $22 50; waiter, country hotel. $25; and others.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
BAKER and pastry cook, summer resort, $50;
dishwasher. Santa Cross, $25. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
SS72 men wanted to-day, 7 a. m
$105, $95 to $15 and found
BIG WAGES BIG WAGES
9 laborers, S hours' work, fare $1 $2 day
12 laborers, 10 hours' work, fare $1 $2 60 day
6 laborers, Santa Clara County, fare $1 $60
7 laborers. San Mateo County, fare 90c $60
6 laborers no experience, around a mine, fare
$150 $60
TO THE MINES
16 laborers, no experience. .$33 to $55 and found
No underground work ror these 16 men
Diamond drillers $3 10 day
2 granite cutters, also slate splitters $3 day
ENGINEERS AND BLACKSMITHS
Engineer for sawmill company
$40 to $45 and found
Blacksmith and saw filer, sawmill company..
$40 and found
12 blacksmiths, camps, shops, ranches, saw-
mills, etc
$3. $2 50 day. $50, $45, $40, $30 and found
IN SAN FRANCISCO
Milk wagon driver, no experience, $30 and
found; milk wairon driver, experienced, $25
and found: 3 boys to learn trades, city, $3
and $4 week: 6 two horse teamsters, $1 75
day and $26 and found; 93 laborers, different
jobs, $1 75 day and $30 and found; 3 stable-
men, different Jobs, city and country: 5 la-
borers, board yourselves home, $1 75 day
CARPENTERS
j 2 carpenters, sawmill company, fare $2 90
1 FARE PAID.. TO SAWMILLS AND WOODS
83 laborers, different mills and woods, $26 and
found; 16 lumber pliers for yards $2 day
Head chopper 2 setters. Steam's blocks
6 bark peelers 2 Jackscrewers
Head donkeyman 2 spool tenders
16 crosscut sawyers 25 timber fellers
Shingle jogger Screw turners Log fixer
20 men for different Jobs In woods, mllle. etc..
Wages range for the above help. $70 to $35 and
found; 287 woodchnppers. tools found, $2 50
to $1 cord; 3fi4 tlemakers, tools found, 8c to
l!c each
FARMS, DAIRIES, HOP YARDS
12 haymakers, different places, $1 25 day and
found; 84 farm, orchard and vineyard hands,
good steady John. $30, S2G, $25. $20 and found;
6 boys or young men for hop yards. $30:
23 milkers and butter makers. $30 and $25 and
found; 19 choremen. boys for ranches, etc.,
$20, $15, $10, $8 and found
GOVERNMENT
19 laborers, no experience, steady Job.
MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay st.
COOKS— To the springs, hotels, etc
2 cooks for small springs hotels
12 cooks, different places, $50, $40, $30 and
found
6 second and third cooks
$40, $30, J25 and found
3 ranch, saloon and camp cooks, $35. $30
and $20
5 men and wives for country hotels and
springs
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
TO THE GREAT MINES
second cook, $35 cook 1 s helper, $25
lunch man, $25 pot washer $25
dishwasher. $25 2 waiters $25
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
BOOKKEEPER, stenographer and typewriter
for a large ranch, $30 and found; also lady
typewriter, country sawmill, $20 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
FREE TO FREE
SEVEN GREAT RAILROADS ..
DRILLERS
HEADERMEN
LABORERS
Two horse teamsters: also four horses
STONEMASONS
OFFBEARERS
Wages. $3. $2 50. $2 25. $2 and $1 75 day
Board, lodging, etc $4 50 week
We Ship Daily
MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st.
DISHWASHERS WAITERS
LAUNDRY HELP
29 dishwashers, potwashers, kitchen hands
and choreboy s
$30, $25, $20. $15 and $10 and found
7 waiters, different Jobs.. s2s and $20. and found
Polisher, $55 Hotel laundryman
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
BAKERS PORTERS BUTCHERS
2 bakers, city and country shops
$35 and found
3 assistant bakers, city and country
$30. $25. $20, $18 and found
3 porters Bellboy
Butcher, shop and take orders, fare $1
$30 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED— Coachman, country, $30; butler, $40;
gardener around hotel, $15; cook, near city'
$40; German waiter, coffee house. $25 and
room; French or Italian cook. $50; hotel
waiter, $23; pantryman, $25; 2 dishwashers
and potwashers, $25; etc. ANDRE'S, 316
Stockton st.
WANTED— Young man to wait at table board-
ing house, $15. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
ANY one can make a solid gold-filled ladies'
or gents' Waltham or Elgin movement watch
free by selling to merchants or smokers 300 of
our cigars. For particulars address Southern
Ci«ar Works, 606 Columbus aye., New York
BELi' W ANTED— Continued.
WANTED— 2 sandstone quarrymen, 30 to 35
cents an hour; 4 drift gravel miners, $40 and
board; 75 laborers for woods, mines., quar-
ries." tunnels and railroad work at $1 75 to
$2 50 day; 10 tlemakers, 12c each; blacksmiths,
$35 and board and $60: carriage smith's help-
er, $2 day; and others. J. F. CROSETT &.
CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— First-class vegetable gardener, $35
and board; milkers, $25 and $30; farmers, $1
and $1 25 day; choreman, $20; man about
place, $25: German or Scandinavian to drive
milk wagon, $25 and found. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 628 Sacramento St.
WANTED— Waiters for country hotels, $20 and
$30; 2 restaurant second cooks, $3:>; 3 kitchen
men for laborers' boarding houses, $15, $20 and
$2f>; waiter for lunch counter, 520 and found;
pot washer, $25; 5 dishwashers, $20 and $25;
boys to assist in restaurants; and others. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED — 4 more miners who can run power
drill, wages $3 50 a day, go this morning,
majority fare advanced to men who under-
stand the work; call before 9 o'clock. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— A neat waiter for family work;
one who has had experience as butler: $25.
See J. F. CROSETT ft Co.. 628 Sacramento.
WANTED— Driver for milk route in city. $35
and found. W. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay St.
WANTED— Carpenter for mine, all house work,
$2 50 per day and steady job. W. D. EWER
& CO., 626 Clay st.
WANTED— Swamper for the woods, $35 and
free fare. W. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
WANTED — 10 men for brick yard near city. $25
and board. W. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
WANTED— Farm hands; 20 farm hands for
different bay counties, $25 and $26; 10 wood-
choppers, good layout; teamsters, laborers
and others. W. D. EWER & CO.. 626 Clay.
WANTED— Blacksmith's helper for mining
company, must be able to shoe horses, $35 and
board and steady Job. W. D. EWER & CO.,
626 Clay st.
WANTED— Cook, small country hotel, $40. W.
D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
WANTED— An experienced parcel wrapper for
retail house competent to take charge of a
wrapping desk; state experience, reference
and salary expected. Apply at once, box 590.
Call office.
MEN wanted— Laborers, drillmen and team-
sters on railroad work; blanket m and bedding
free- fare from Oakdale to Sonora free. Ap-
ply to A. E. BUCKMAN. 302 Montgomery' st.
WANTED— Good reliable designer; one who is
familiar with cabinet work, bank, store and
office fittings. Address box 580, Call.
WANTED— Expert dump men and powder men
for steam shovel work. Apply to JAS. A.
McMAHON, 210 Spear st.
WANTED— Young man to assist jobbing gar-
dener. 410 Maple St., bet. California and
Sacramento.
WANTED— AII-around tailor for country-
young man preferred. Call to-day at 2 p. m.,
50 Third st.
WANTED — Morning bartender; room and
board; references. Box 593. Call office.
WANTED— 2O pick and shovel men at $1 75 per
day. Devlsadero and Broadway, city.
TRAVELER to sell shirts on commission; side
line; state particulars. Box 691, Call office.
WANTED— Man to clean saloon mornings. In-
quire 5 Taylor st.
AN experienced ladies' tailor and operator.
H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
GOOD bedmaker wanted. Lindell House, cor.
Sixth and Howard sts.
■ * .
WANTED— Steady man to keep plain accounts
and assist in light work; must have $125 cash
and be satisfied with $15 per week. Western
Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
DISHWASHER. $10 month and room; no Sun-
day work. Apply 10 a. m., 606 Mission st.
WANTED— First-class stripers on wagons at
NESS & KBENZ'S, 128 Spear st.
LUNCH waiter wanted. 232 First st.
FIRST-CLASS barber wanted at 12261-2 Pacific
street.
WANTED— Good second cook. Apply 3 Jack-
son st.
ONE more shoemaker on repairing; steady
work. 756 Howard st.
WANTED — Boy with some experience to as-
sist in dining room. Apply 532 Third st.
TWO shoemakers on repairs: steady Job. Call
bet. 10 and 12 o'clock, 562 Mission st
STRONG boy to learn blacksmithing. Apply
537 Brannan st.
WANTED — First-class cement sidewalk finish-
er. Apply 12 to 1, 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
BARBERS— Shop in town of 2500 Inhabitants;
clearing $100 monthly; for sale cheap. Call
or address 786 O'Farrell st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 35c to
50c. 562 Mission St., between Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED — Young man competent to make
working drawings for gas and electric fix-
tures. Apply by letter. Designing Depart-
ment, THOMAS DAY CO., 725 Mission st.
BARBER shop across the bay for sale cheap.
Inquire of D. STOLTZ. 630 Market st.
PARTY to open boarding camp; 5 months'
Job. LARSEN, 318 Bush St., bet. 10 and 11
to-day.
YOUNG men and ladlss 16 years and over wish-
ing employment call at at Hlllsdale. 33 Sixth.
St., bet. 11 and 2, room 21.
AMATEUR musicians to join band for social
purpose. 328 Bush st., second floor, room 4.
COAL miners accustomed to pitching veins can
find steady work at good wages at the Tesla
coal mines, Alameda County, Cal. ; sufficient
new ground has been opened up during the
past ninety days to make room for forty coal
miners; no other class of labor Is required,
and miners unaccustomed to pitching veins
are not advised to come. SAN FRANCISCO
AND SAN JOAQUIN COAL CO., R. H.
NORTON, superintendent.
TO go this week— soo pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new, from 50c to $1 50; new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission St.,
bet. Ist and 2d sts. ; open 5 a. m. to 9 p. m.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week
ELLIS, 321 (Rosedale House) — 160 rooms, day,
week or mo.; rates. 25c to $1' per night: re-
duction to permanent roomers; reading room.
WANTED — 20 men to occupy rooms; 10c per
night, 60c to $1 per wk. 105 New Montgomery.
BUSH, 421, above Kearny — Choice rooms; gas
and stationary washstand; 15c, 25c up.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN' S. 26 Steuart st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. P.
BARBER COLLEGE, 138VJ Eighth St.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c. 15c and 230
per night. Lindell. 6th and Howard; read. rm.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attorneys.
Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104,7 th: tel. Jessie 1164.
SINGLE rooms, 15c. 20c. 26c per night: 75c, $1
to $2 50 week. Elcho House, 863^, Market st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
WANTED— Sailors for Hawaiian Islands, Ma-
nila. Mexico and Alaska. W. LANE. Ship-
ping Agent. 504-506 Davis st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. .near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms, 25c night: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
rlerks. Knox Collection Airency. 112 Sutter st.
AGENTS WANTED.
MEN or women to sell best water filter and
other articles ever offered on this market.
GOULD. 9 Rondell place.
SELL Magic Heel Protectors, sample 10c; a.so
Leather Lustre: sam. 250. BROWN. 332 Bush.
PARTNERS WANTED.
GRUB stake for Lower California by a prac-
tical prospector. Address box 577, Call.
ROOMS 'WANTED.
WANTED— Two unfurnished rooms for~Hght
housekeeping; must be near city and in re-
spectable locality. Address box 594, Call.
WANTED-MISCKLLANh'.OUS.
WANTED— Gasoline launch 30 to 35 feet; give
description and lowest price. JAS. SENNOTT
Meiggs Wharf.
WANTED— MiIch cow in exchange for painting
whitening, tinting or paper hanging. Address
B. 8., Call branch office, 2526 Mission st.
WANTED— To hire 100 first-class scraper team*
with harness and pead bars: long Job X B.
FTOXE. F.lmhurst **
LOST.
LOST— On Scott, Laguna, Broadway~or~Pa^
ciflc aye., open-faced silver watch; initials
A. G. K. Reward 2518 Broadway.
LOST-Package of Vlavl Company 7 ! medicine!
to 102, Nntoma and receive reward.
LOST— Black and white mastiff dogTlicense
No. 1612. Liberal reward at 1020 Bryant st.
LOST— Dues receipt book. Nos. 6201 to «300 of
the Swiss Mutual Benevolent Society. 536
Kearny st. Reward at above address or 111S
Kearny st.
LOST— Ladles' watch, monogram M. T. R., at-
tached to watch pin. Return to 1212 Mason
st. and receive reward.BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— s4.">O— BRANCH bakery and notion • re~in
lively country town, is mil from the city;
r.-nt 510, including- nat; a rare chance. R G.
WILKE. 506 Market st.
A-?»W-COn.\KR proec-.y and bar In the best
location of Hi Mission; living rooms place
established ytars; doing a i-'ood business;
large stock in groceries ... ! liquors. R G
aWILKE.'S 306 1 Market i scteg '
A.— J23O: CIGAR stand with laundry of lice; rent
$lo; unt block from Call. WILKE, 906 Mar-
ket st.
A— sl2fO; BAKERY in lively country town-
established years; monthly sales $1000; rent
$2.'.; horse, wagon, living rooms: a good pay-
__ir.K business. Call It. G. WILKE. I*o6 Market.
A-S^t'-CORNEH saloon ami cigar stand on
Stockton st.- 2 blocks from Market a bar-
k gain. H. <. WILKE & CO., '." 6 Market st.
A— s32so; CORNER saloon, with 5 furnished
rooms; established yrirs; everybody knows
this as a moncy-iaaking place; never clears
less than j^Ck) per nth; owner wants to
make a trip to Europe. Particulars It. G
WIL! . \<i.<f, Market st. .
A-s4;n ; BRANCH bakery in the Mission- 4
living rooms; rent $17 50; a good paying place-
clears about Slw per month, it. G WILKE
906 Market st.
A-S1600; CORNER grocery and bar; living
rms--.; one-hnlf block from Wlelands Brewery
daily receipts about $26; cash trade only;- a
rare < nance. Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
run sale. " ""
The entire Klondike Hotel property, real and
personal. The property is located at the cor-
ner cf (.'enter and Coloma his . in the city of
I'laeervllle. county of El Dorado, State of Cali-
fornla. The property consists of two lots of
land and the large two-story hotel building
and outbuildings. The hotel contains a parlor,
furnished; large barroom and office, with a
Sine bar, back bar and bar fixtures, cash regis-
ter and other furniture; also a reading and
poolroom^ containing a new pool table, latest
nyle. and other furniture; also a large dining-
room, furnished with a full supply of tables
nrii'. chairs; also a pantry containing liberal
Ftock of crockery and glassware, cutlery and
spoons and table linen; also a large kitchen.
containing a One range, water heater, cooking
Jtonstls.. etc.; also a bathroom and patent
toilet closets on both floors; hot and cold water
< n both floors; also 21 fully furnished bedrooms;
everything Is first-class and can be purchased
cheap. Apply to 8. E. SACKETT, Klondike
Hotel. PlacerviUe.
IIICO— SALOON and lunch house close to Mar-
ket St.; bargain on account of sickness: trial
given. McLAUGHLIN A CO.. 777 Market st.
UZO— WOOD and coal, hay and grain yard; bar-
gain. Mclaughlin ifc CO.. 777 Market £t.
$600— PARTNER wanted in a first-class restau-
rant and oyster house; good cook or waiter
preferred. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market.
fiijtu- DELICACY and pork store: bargain this
day. Mclaughlin & co., 777 Market st.
AN oyster and chep house;' bargain this day;
5125. COWING & CO., x-r. Market st
22 ROOMS; corner house; north Market; must
sacrifice. COWING & CO., MS Market st.
$:*S— FRUIT and fish stand at great sacrifice to-
day. COWING .-. CO., 995 Market st.
NOTICE — To sell your business promptly for
cash apply HEALY &■ HIMMEL, 917 Market.
MARKET-ST. liquor saloon business of $2.')
daily, elegantly fitted up; private rooms;
make offer; also Market-st all-day saloon;
many others. HEALY & HIMMEL. 917 Mkt.
$300 — CIGAR store .near Market st.: bargain;
$125 cigar store, laundry agency pays rent.
National Agency, 7S3U Market St., near 4th.
PARTY with $7". lady or gent, good" scholar,
can Join advertiser In a half interest office
enterprise; pleasant and mutual: particulars
on application; principals only. Box 515, Call.
$"J25 — RESTAURANT; good location; cheap
rent; cheap at $500; must sell quick on ac-
count of leaving for country- Box 676, Call.
BLACKSMITH shop and tools; clearing (150 per
month; snap. Address MRS. E., 353 Fifth st.
2 MILK routes wanted. Call at 1529 Howard
street.
GOOD paying private coffee and tea route
cheap; must be sold at once*. 605 Fifth st.
S«OOD opportunity to secure a cood paying
blacksmith and wheelwright business; stock
iind tools will Invoice $3000: shoD and lots
$1500; will sell for $4000 on account of failing
health: shop doir.g -a business of $5000 a year;
Investigation courted; no agents. Address
Blacksmith, box 519, Call office^
f .00— PARTNER 'n cigar, candy and notions
store in country; takes in over $40 per week;
can be increased 30 to 40 per cent; references:
expenses paid while investigating. Address
lock box 144, Geyserville, Cal., or at Call
office.
BARGAIN— S47SO; business property, with stock
and furniture; house of 7 rooms; store and
saloon: fine garden with 9 rustic summer
horses' stable warehouse, etc.; best location;
purt Vaih. C. CLUNDT, Fitchburg, San
Leandro road.
MAN having the lumber, good shipping port,
wants 5 men with $1000 each to build and
operate shingle mill. Box 6*4, Call office.
J6Oft^BARBER shop, country, first class, with
building and bedroom complete. G. W. 8.,
Eajtland. Cal.
fiAlJOCtS— Bargain to-day: part cash, balance
menthly payments; going East cause uf sale.
124 Fourth st.
STORE and fixtures for grocery and bar.
Twenty-second and Castro sts.; new building.
MEAT business for sale for $150; fine location.
Box 680. Call office.
MAN and wife wanted to rent restaurant. 79
Fourth Ft.
BHOESHOP must be sold; good paying busi-
ness; 1 room furnished; good prices. 332 Bush.
GROCERY and bar In Mission at inventory;
owner going to Manila; cheap rent. Apply
100'j Mission st.
PAPER-COVERED Book Store, 1203 Market,
bet Eighth and Ninth; a money-maker;
price $3600, and big value for the money.
FOR PALE— Best restaurant south and close to
Market St.; cause sickness; investigate; no
agents; direct Box 693, Cart office.
ARE you looking for small well-located good-
paying restaurant? I have It. Box 563, Call.
SALOONKEEPERS, attention— sale; old-
established business. Particulars at 1614 Polk.
SALOONKEEPERS. Attention For sale: old-
establisbed business. Particulars at 1512 Polk.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. PAS WELL & CO.'S.. 415 Sacramento Bt.
ROUTE on thia paper for sale. Apply this
office.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
$350 — 22-room house, near Market st.
$2Sf»— 35-room house; rent $4» month.
$30ii— is rooms; central: all rented: $150 cash,
balance on time. BASILE. 873V3 Market Bt.
$500— BUYS 25-room house; cheap rent; list from
10 to 100 rooms; money loaned at 2 per cent;
3 cottages, clear. rented, to exchange for lodg-
ing house. EITEL, 1016 Market st.
$250— ELEGANT house 10 rooms: first floor doc-
tor's office; selling for best reasons; 50 other
hi uses for sale. HEALY. -917 Market st.
IPO ROOMING houses, all sizes, prices and
locations. NAT' I- AGENCY, 783H Market st.
ODGING-HOUSE; bargain; departure
cause of sale. Mclaughlin & CO., 777 Mkt.
FOR sale — Lodging house; doing good business;
1? rooms; selling account of family trouble;
no agents. Call 303 Third St.
$3CO— LODGING house of 20 rooms • for sale;
rent $25. 72 Jackson st.
ROOMING HOUSES •>!< SALE.
IS-ROOM house Third st "$373
24 rooms; never changed hands 1000
Country hotel and bar; 30 rooms 1800
t-room tint, near Emporium 850
15-room use; worth $COO 250
It-room house; on Sixth Ft 660
28 rooms: tunny corner; clears $200 1100
26-room house in Oakland; only 850
60 room?: best corner In the city 1800
10 rooms; on Jones St.; worth $1000 600
14 r«,ms, on Taylor st. (good) 550
24 rooms; on Howard pt 450
20-ronm ng-house; clears $300 2250
1020 MARKET ST.. ]020 MARKET ST.,
H. C. DECKER
ir,?n Marl^t <■■ . Hi?" MarkPt st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
. — . ■ _^_^\^.^^_^
TAPESTRY. Brussels carpets, laid and lined.
60c Eastern OvtnttlnK Co.. 1310 Stockton st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for MS 60. with No.
7 runee. K!nc Furnltur" Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
CAIU'ET CLEANING.,
CITY Steam Carptt-cleanlng works— Cleans
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS M«r '
** and 40 Eighth st. ;_telephone South 250f -
WHEN you become disgusted with Door work
**nd to SPAULDINOH PioneerCafSJt.
beating Works. 353-357 Trhama St. "tel 3 V,"
CARPETS cleaned. 3c per yard. H. L JOVFS
»00 McAllister St.. cor. Larkin. Tel. Mint l50l!
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co 402 Sutter st •
tel. Main 394. OEO. WALCOM. Proprietor '
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co
463 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228 ; low*> rales!
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 2c
BTRATTON'S. 3 Eighth Ft. : tel. Jessie 944. '
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.; cleaning 3" per yard; tel Mission 74.
U. 8. Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn.. 808 Golden
Gate: carpets cleaned. 3c yd.; tel. Mint 348.
CON KLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate live. : tel. East 126.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C C. O*DONNKLL, office and residence,
*C2IM Market st., bet. Sth and lib.
"ERSO\ALS.
JENSEN Furniture Store, 79 buys, sells,
exch. new & 2d-hand fur., carpets, stoves.
LEDBRER'S Qulntonica Hair Tonic possesses
me quintessence of excellence; unequaled, un-
surpassed; Ssc bottle. 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER' S haitdressing parlors still lead in
popularity; 26c only: hair rolls, 10c; longest.
•»0; switches, SI up: Foamo Shampoo, ac
package. <;. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
RUPTURE, stricture cured: no kife; no injec-
iguarantd. Dr. Gordln. 514 Pine.ab.Kearny.
GOOD cook and housekeeper to a widower;
town or country. Box K146. Call office.
10U0 ENVELOPESJ billheads, cards, noteheads
or statements printed, $1 50; send for sam-
ples. BLEY, 511 Sacramento st. ; Main 1836.
A— ELEGANT ladies' tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. KRAMER, 20 Sansome.
GENTLEMEN'S sewing or mending at 271
O' Fan ell st., room 12.
IF ARCHIE MORRISON, formerly of Wheat-
land. Cal., will write to his father he will
hear of something to his advantage. HUGH
MORRISON.
LAI 'IKS tailor-made suits. $1 week. Chicago
Clock Co.. 1814 Market st. Open evenings.
PRIVATE Sanitarium— Surgical and medical
cases taken charge of for physicians, sur-
geons and private individuals. 1316 Guerrero,
nr. 25th:; Guerrero st. cars; tel. Blue 991.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below Cost to or-
der. K. YOSHITANI, 313 Sutter st.
j JOHN L. BOONE. Patent. Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., Law a Specialty.
Pan Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
| ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market: 700 rooms;
2£c to $150 per nlcht: $I*o to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
' T. BRILLIANT, 335-340 Post St.. will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
COMPLETE line ladles 1 tailor-made suits; low
prices; easy payments. Eastern Outfitting
Co.. cloak and suit dept.. 1306 Stockton st.
i DR. CREELY'S Dog Hospital. 109 Elm aye.;
office. Horse Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye.;
separate ward for contagious diseases.
A— Ladies' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought.
sold: tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market Ft., bet. 7th and Bth.
I SUITS to order on installments at cash prices;
j $1 a week. N. T. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
FOLDING beds $8 50; bedrm Pets $S:bed lounges
J4 50: open eve's. L. J. NEUMANN. 121 Sixth.
WANTED— gold for manufacng. O. Nolte,
Jeweler. 24S O'Farrell. bet. Powell A- Mason.
DRESSMAKERS.
REMOVED to 387 Geary st.; dresses made, $5
up: perfect fit. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
SPIRITUALISM. -
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test medium,
life reader; also medical clairvoyant; treats
private, chronic or obscure diseases: send
stamp for circular. Offices 232 Stockton St.;
sittings $1; diagnosis free.
MRS. MAN DEN A, clairvoyant, medium and
palmist; satisfaction or ho pay; developing
and test circle; to-night; admission 25c. 234' i
Sixth" st.
THE boy medium holds developing circle to-
night with phenomena; 25c. DE LACEY. 103G
Market st.
MME. DR. LA ROY, trance medium; posi-
tively cures obesity.- 15 Powell st., office 3.
MRS. MENA FRANCES, Independent slate-
writing medium. 118 Haight at.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m.!
Mon.. 8; 25c; sittings, $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
clairvoyants:
MISS J. B. DWYER. the distinguished clair-
voyant and medium: those in trouble or who
wish to know heir future should consult this
gifted medium Immediately; Miss Dwyer
graduated under the highest professor in oc-
cultism and is master of the power by which
she can reveal your entire life; also she lives
of those In whom you are Interested; satis-
faction guaranteed by mail; reduced rates
to the poof. 917 Market st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond sicht,; .diagnoses disease: full life read-
ing; ladies. 50c; gents, $1; sit., $150. 12« Turk.
WONDERFUL success of of Mine. Chngman.
from New York; scientific palmistry and
astrologlst; readings 50c and $1. 513 Tenth
Bt., Oakland.
' MME. GORING, the powerful clairvoyant,
brings lovers 'together; settles • domestic
troubles. 845 Fifth st.
MRS. KOPP, a natural-born clairvoyant and
card reader: price 50c up. IS Lew's Bt., off
Taylor, near Post. ;
MME. LENEMAR, 225 Mason, cor. O'Farrell;
by planets; pred'td rescue pass. str. Gold, '74.
BLANCHE DE CHAPPELLE. clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush Bt., rooms 9 and 10.
MISS MAY FOX, celebrated card reader. 304
Sutter st.. corner of Grant aye.. room 2.
MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. 28 Sixth St., rooms 2-3.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 148 6th, rm. 12.
I MRS. L. DEAN, fortune teller and palmist.
1065 Market st.. room 2.
i _^ ___^ ,
! MYRTLE POTTER, card reader and palmist.
Parlors 12 and IS, second floor. 565V4 Market.
' MISS GREEN, card reading and palmistry. 203
Post St., room 1.
MISS R. CLEVELAND, palmist and card
reader. 110 A Geary St., rooms 1 and 2.
MISS TESSIE GRANT, returned, card reader
and palmist. SS Geary St., rooms 1 and i.
' MME. ETTA RALPH, magnetic and psychom-
etric; parlors 2 and 3, 995 Market st.
TOUR future told by cards, 25c; Sunday hours,
7 to 10 p. m. 326 Larkin St., room *.
MME. AUGUST, 1150 Mission st.; clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
MME. MOREAU. the* best medium ana card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MME. DR. THOMAS, renowned reveaier. first
in her profession; never falls. 325 A Sutter st.
MISS OLLIE LAKE returned. palmist and
card reaoer. lIS Grant aye. r. 15. second floor.
MMS. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; ißc up. 6 Fourth st.
• MISS A FAURE. card reader and palmist. 405
Kearny St.. r. 34: French and English spoken.
MME. BYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 314 Far re; I at.
PALMISTRY. .
MME. NEERGAARD, pupil of Count St. Ger-
malne. 616 Geary st., above Jones; tel. Hydo
2621; reading by mall. SI.
A — MME. BUSHNELL. the famous palmist, 916
Bush st , bet. Taylor and Jones.
YOUR fate is In your hand; scientific palmis-
; try. MME. GERMAINE. 906 Market nt . r. 30.
. JTBOLOGY.
ASTROLOGER and trance medium; minerals
located; lucky days and numbers; palmistry.
219 McAllister st.
DENTISTS.
DR. T. S. HIGGINS 1 Dental Parlors.
Emma Spreckela bldg.. 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; Inferior
work done on the teeth is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold fillings from $1; plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
A NEW patent— See our new flesh-colored
plates, cannot be detected from the natural
teeth and gum; thin ' and strong; much su-
perior to rubber; crown and bridge work;
teeth without plates our specialty; flexible
plates from $5; crowns, $3 50; fillings. 50c; all
work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS, 24 Sixth st. -
HOUSEGIRL, two In family, $20; nurseglrl, $12;
ket st cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without plates our specialty : gold crown»,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 (0 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges. $4:
rubber or -flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
j ""ULL set of teeth, $4; fillings. 250 jp; gold
'crowns. $3; gold bridge*. $5 upt painless ex-
traction guaranteed; plates repaired. NEW
YORK DENTISTS, &69 Mission st..- cor. Cth.
~VR LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near,
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable: gas given.
VAN VROOM— extraction by electric-
It "v guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators: no students. 997 Market st. .-,
OHIO Dental Parlors-Filling. 50c up; crowns.
$3 up; open ev'ga. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. O.
YOTTNO. IS4I Polk st. '_^
I — — ■ -*■— ' 1-S^S?^""* ;^'
MINING ENTERPRISE.
TO~the new gold fields. Lower California—
Dewey Navigation and Trading Company will
dispatch a fast vessel to Todos Santos and
Atunelon Bay. Lower California, the early
part of June with passengers and freight;
accommodations for 160 passengers; call early,
as only lew bertha left. CHAS. F. BLAN-
DIN. President, 10 California St.. room 5. ■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 7. 1899.
HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSES. "FLATS."" ™"
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
762 Post, 12 r $70 979 Post, 8 r.......542 60
1220 Laguna. 8 r.... 35 118 Webster. 7 r... 30 00
323 Sutter, 7 r 50 792 Lyon. 6 r 25 00
1407 Van Ness, 13 r. 65 1024 Geary. 6 r 30 00
705 Ellis. 6 r....... 25 217 Elm aye.. 5 r. 18 00
FIRST-CLASS house, 8 rooms; 3553 Twentieth
St., bet. Valencia and Mission; newly papered,
tinted and painted throughout.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st. • .7
NW. COR. Guerrero and Twenty-first sts.; fine
house of 12 rooms; large grounds, stable, etc.;
In splendid condition; warm, sunny place.
TWENTY-FIRST St.. near Guerrero, two fine
houses. 33S6'and 3358; 7 rooms; In first-class
condition.
4 OR 5 months: furnished house: S rooms;
Western Addition; marine view. Box 686,- Call.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
ASH aye., — 6 nice furnished sunny rooms
very reasonable; half price; Investigate.
PARTLY fur. house; modern conv'cs: 2533 Mis-
sion st.. near 21st. Apply rm. 8. Flood bldg.
. COTTAGES TO LET.
$12 — COTTAGE; 6 rooms: newly renovated. 5
Railway aye., off Dolores: key 3579 17th.
SUNNY cottages, 4 and 5 rooms; also flat 6
robins, bath; cheap. 1876 Fifteenth at., near
Dolores. - - •
FLATS TO LET.
BUSH, 1207—3 flats, 4 and 5 rooms each, $20,
bath; 2 flats, $11. Apply 1211 Bush st. '.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
FRANKLIN, 714, near Golden Gate aye.—
Lower bay-window flat; 4 large rooms; bath;
yard.
GROVE. 364, near Gough— Sunny flat, 6 rooms
and bath; rent $20. .
HYDE. 416% — Flat of 3 sunny rooms: rent $11.
MYRTLE aye., 515, near Octavla— Cozy upper
flat, 5 rooms; bath; cellar; garden. 1316 O'Far-
rell st., rear\
SIXTEENTH, near Howard— Nice, clean sunny
upper flats; 7 rooms and bath; $16: repairs to
cult. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
THIRD. 417 V* — Sunny flat, 8 rooms, latest Im-
provements, 2 front suites with bay-windows.
TO LET— 2 new flats. 6 rooms and bath. 4136
Seventeenth st., near Eureka.
UPPER flat. 5 rooms and bath; reasonable.
6H Lapldge St., off ISth. above Valencia.
UPPER flat, 3 choice sunny rooms; pantry,
storeroom; $12. 2419 Clay st., near FUlmore.
$18— COZY and sunny middle flat, 5 rooms; bath
and yard. 1740 Folsom St.. near Thirtenth.
FURNISHED FLATS.
FOR SALE— Nicely furnished flat, 7 rooms;
Geary st. ; five minutes' walk from Kearny
and Market; account of leaving city. Box
657. Call office.
MCALLISTER, 1441— Handsomely furnished up-
per flat; 7 rooms and bath; reasonable to de-
slrable party. Apply 9:30 to S.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ALICE. 5, bet. 3d and 4th, off Folsom — sunny
unfurnished rooms; separate yard; rent $9.
AT 14A Geary— Large, well-fur, rm. for light
h*kpg. ; run. water; $12 mo.; others $1 50 wk.
BUSH,- 1408, near Van Ness aye.— Three nicely
furnished rooms for housekeeping; $20.
EDDY. 207— Nicely frnshd. front hkpg. rooms;
also single room, $5; gas, bath; quiet house.
EDDY 917— Unfurnished or furnished floor, 4
rooms; private residence; no children; splen-
; did location.
1 ELEVENTH, 124 A —Large newly furnished
; sunny room, iKht housekeeping. $1 25 week.
FOLSOM 940, bet. Fifth and Sixth—
front sunny bay-window room for light ;
1 housekeeping or 2 gentlemen.
i GEARY, 1917— $1S; for ' adults; 4 comfortable
rooms and bath; 2 beds; 2 stoves; gas and coal.
, GOLDEN GATE aye., 1050—2 well-furnished
funny rooms, suitable for light housekeeping;
gas stove; use of telephone.
HARRISON. 731—3 rooms; furnished complete
for housekeeping; large yard; rent $14.
HARRISON, 946— Pleasant sunny front rooms
for housekeeping, bath, only $8 a month.
HOWARD. 640, nr. 3d— Sunny bay-window rnu;
also single; 25c. 75c night; $1. $2 50 week.
HOWARD, 761V4— Nicely furnished sunny bay-
window suite; others; kitchen; man and wife;
reasonable.
JONES, 117— Nicely furnished sunny suite, com-
plete for housekeeping; also single room, $7.
LARKIN, 326—2 or 3 sunny housekeeping apart-
ments, furnished complete; gas range; bath.
MARKET, 102S— Large sunny front ro\m and
. kitchen, folding bed, closet, $12; 2 unfurn.. $5.
MARKET, 1688, opp. Tenth— Large sunny room,
$5; bedroom and kitchen, $7.
• MCALLISTER, 447, cor. Van Ness— Nicely fur-
nished sunny housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
MINNA. Nice sunny furnished housekeep-
ing rooms. $1 a week and upward.
MISSION, 827—2 sunny housekeeping rooms, $10;
well furnished. * '-"-■;
• MISSION, S39— Large front suite complete for
housekeeping. Sv large rooms. $2.
MISSION, 2133—2 or 3 sunny connecting rooms
for housekeeping; cheap; bath.
NINTH, 111—2 sunny bedrooms and kitchen,
connected; bath and all conveniences. .
O'FARRELL, 411— Furnished flat; also fur-
nished rooms.
O'FARRELL, 029, near Van Ness— clean front
rooms, complete; gas stove; $14 month.
PERRY, 263 — 3 unfurnished large sunny rooms;
' new house; separate entrance; rear; cheap.
POLK, 608 2 or 4 sunny unfurnished rooms on
bathroom floor: private residence.
RUBS, 149—1 housekeeping room; private fam-
ily; parties with no children; rent $1 50 week.
SECOND. 130— Private house; nicely furnished
single and housekeeping rooms; $1 up.
SIXTH, 420 8 ay-window housekeeping rooms,
single and en nutte; bath: reasonable.
SOUTH PARK, 184—1 or 2 large sunny front
rooms; nicely fur. for hkpg.: every conven'ce.
STEVENSON. 403, cor. Fifth— Nicely furnished j
hkpg. rooms, complete, cheap; newly tinted.
' STOCKTON, 603— Housekeeping and sunny sin-
gle rooms; reasonable.
THIRD, 251 Nice sunny furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; rent $2 week; also single rooms.
THIRD, 309— Suite of sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms; also single; very reasonable.
TWELFTH, 12, near Market— Sunny bedroom
and kitchen.
TWELFTH, 145 — Sunny housekeeping rooms;
gas; water; exclusive kitchens; complete.
TWENTY-SIXTH. . 3367. near Mission— Large
front ninny connecting suites furnished com-
plete, $8 and $10.
VALENCIA, 223—2 large unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping; large closet and running
water: cheap. : ■* ■■- ■ .
ROOMS TO LET, ~
l
I ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny at.— Pleasant
tunny rooms en suite or single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable. ■-.:•
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath: rooms, to $150 day. MRS. J. KINO.
I ' — .
j ASH aye.. 88—2 sunny unfurnished rooms or
partly furnished; rent, cheap.
' BRYANT. 457%, near Third— Double front sun-
ny room; suitable for gentlemen.
1 CALIFORNIA, 1303— With or without board;-
-; cozy back room to single gentleman; private.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market— Sunny corner fur-
nished and unfurnished rooms and offices.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny. rooms; prices reasonable.
i EDDY 613— Pleasant 6unny room In private
j .family. - $4. ■ -. -
I ELLIS. Fine suite. $18; large room. $12;
1 single. $6.
FIFTH, 353— Sunny clean furnished front room;
double bed; $7.
! GEARY, 2174— Single furnished rooms; key
; 217. ' ■ -. .
! GOLDEN GATE, 727— Handsomely furnished
I ■ sunny front room; running water; private
' family; reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. corner Seventh and
• Mission— Pleasant sunny, rooms, en suite and
! single: elevator; moderate rates: families.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission-Select family
rooming house: $1 10 to $« per week.
! HOTEL Grnsvenor, 319 Sutter, near Stockton—
; Sunny suites or single rooms; cable cars pass
i door: elevator; free baths.
: HOWARD 829—2 nice housekeeping rooms. $10;
! also front room with -piano, $12; others cheap.
j LARKIN, Small sunny room, suitable for
I gent, $4. . - ■. ..'
LINDEN aye., 316, near Gough — Furnished
■ front room; sun all day; rent $4. ■
MAIN. 311— 54; . furnished sunny front room;
; also smaller back rooms. .-; *:'l" 1
ROOMS TO LET— Continued. .
MARKET. 1035— Front suite, first or second
floor; also light housekeeping rooms.
MINNA. 667. cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk., mo.
O'FARRELL. 322 — Nicely furnished sunny
double room, $10; single, $4 up.
O'FARRELL, 540— Neatly fur. double rm.. with
board. $20 mo.; without, $7 mo; French fam.
O'FARRELL, 538— Lower floor of 3 nice rooms;
sun all day; large basement and bath.
O'FARRELL. 626—1 single front room; $6
POWELL, 15— Newly fur.; new management;
single, double; transient; next to Columbia.
POWELL. 317 (formerly Cosmos Club)— El-
egantly furnished single rooms; sunny.
PROSPECT place. 123, off California, Stockton.
Powell; large room, folding bed, $6 to $S;
private; German.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis st— lncandescent
light: reading room, smoking room and
ladles' parlor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50;
week. $2 to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on
otflce floor; rooms with hot. cold wat. ; baths.
SCHRADER, 713. near Golden Gate Park-
Room or suite to respectable lady.
SEVENTH. 230 A, near Howard— 3 newly fur-
nished sunny front rooms, $6. $S and $10 mo.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth. St.
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
THE Oaks 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
THF. WALDORF. 24 Filth st., near Market-
Select rooming house; telephone Mint 1792.
TURK. 39— Nicely furnished sunny bay-win-
dow rooms, single and double: transient.
UNION, 817— Furnished parlors and rooms to
let.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
BOARDING AM) ROOMS.
AT 415 First Et.— Nicely furnished rooms, with
board. $4 a week up: Swedish home.
HOTEL VICTORIA, cor. Hyde and California
— Large sunny suite, with board; reasonable;
home cooking. v- v:
O'FARRELL, MO— Neatly fur. double rm., with
.board, $20 mo.; without, $7 mo.; French fam.
O'FARRELL. 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; good
home cooking; single. $25; double. $20.
POWELL, 309 (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union
sq.— Furnished suites and single rooms; In
business locality for table boarders.
CHILDREN HOARDED.
WANTED— Care and keeping of 1 or 2 chil-
dren; reasonable price; healthy location; good
home. Box 591, Call office.
RESTAURANTS.
WESTERFELD'S Restaurant, coffee and Ice
■ cream parlor. 1035 Market st. : popular prices.
STORES TO LET.
ELEGANTLY furnished store; living rooms;
rent reasonable. 256 Third; call after 2 p. m.
CHEAP stores at 335 Noe st., near Market, for
shoemaker, tailor, etc.
STORE to lease— First-class location Tor cigar
stand: corner Market. California and Drumm
sts. MADISON & BURKE. 628 Market st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
ets.. Pan Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE' S»
2C, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
MAGNIFICENT high-grade upright piano, like
new, cheap for cash. Rm. 12. Flood building.
OUR specialty Is renting new pianos; $2 50 per
mo. Scott-Curtaz Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st.
R. A . DANIELS Is now with BYRON
MAUZY. 308 to 312 Post St.
A— UPRIGHTS. $69 up; Installments. $5 75 up:
rents, $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 136 Ellis.
A NEW Chlckerlng and 3 Stelnways. Keeffe's.
1019 Van Ness, nr. Geary: tel. Larkln 706.
BARGAINS— Another big lot pianos put on
tale cheap. Wilson's Storage Rooms, 1710 Mkt.
A— sBs; UPRIGHT piano in fine condition; al»o
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Post st. ■ •
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallet & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ. 18
McAllister St.; next Hlbernla Bank.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
~ HORSES.
FOR SALE— Span of fast trotting horses; very
speedy; sold for no fault. CEPA, box 682,
Call office.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
cart:, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market.
TV Sixth St.: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
JUST arrived, two carloads well-broken bust-
ness and work horses. Chase & Mendenhall,
eucceesors KUlip & Co.; salesyard, 1732 Mkt.
FOR sale — horses and mules at old Turk-it.
car ftablca. 1301 Turk «t.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom it.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, Id-hand machinery. Mc-
-INTOSH & WOLFMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
CENTRAL Eureka stock for sale; I will sell
100, 1000 or 5000 shares for 35c per share. R.
L. CHENEY. 530 California st. ___^
FINE suit Arctic furs cheap. W. D., 633
Sacramento st., at 3 p. m.
NEW 5x7 long-focus camera; cost $110; will
sell cheap for cash. 521 Turk Bt.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office
furniture and fixtures; new and second-hand.
J. NOONAN. -1019-1021-1023 Mission St..
above Sixth.
A AN OVERSTOCK
St. Germain Billiard Co., 409 Market St.; all
styles, new and 2d-hand tables, bar fixtures,
supplies; best beer pumps; cheap; Installmts.
A 14-KARAT solid gold American ladles'
watch for $14; cost $35. UNCLE HARRIS,
15 Grant aye.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
BOILERS, engines, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE. 139 Beale at
GASOLINE engines, 2d-hand. from 2 to 26 H.
|P. ; cheap and guaranteed. 648 Mission st.
DRESS pants, $2 95; fine suits, $9 95. Misfit Cloth-
Ing Parlors, 513 Montgomery, cor. Commercial.
GASOLINE engines— 1 h. p. $100, 2 h. p. $125, 3
h. p. $150. 4 h. p. $175. Smith Co.. 627 Mission.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats.' $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St., near Pine.
SECOND-HAND machinery, scrap Iron and
metals bought. 8. F. I. V.. 204 Mission st.
LAUNDRY plant, complete; boiler, engine, etc.
WHITE'S, 616 Mission st.
SAFES-All sizes, new and second-hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento st.
POLYPHONE. $35; attachment (only). $15; will
fit phono or graphophone. Baclgalupl, 933 Mkt.
SAFES — Bargains In new and second-hand, all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year ■ for $1.
postage paid.
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer. White cheap;
repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 fourth St.
STORAGE. — — —
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop..
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE A TAYLOR, packing and storage of
furn. & H. H. goods. 735 Mkt.. tel. Black 311.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving: Co.
Office. 401 Post st. ..cor. Powell: tel Main 3713.
PROPOSALS.
U. S. ENGINEER'S office, room 90, ; - Flood
building. San Francisco, Cal., June 7, 1899.—
Sealed proposals for furnishing and install-
ing electric lighting plants at Fort Point,
Cal., will be received here until 12 m., July
7, 1899, and then opened. Information fur-
nished on application. CHAS. E. L. B. DA-
VIS. Major Engineers. - >
CITY REAL ESTATE.
■ ■ m .. .
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.
GOLDEN GATE AVENUE CORNER.
$40,000— Large corner on Golden Gate aye. : few
blocks from Market St.; bank foreclo-
sure: must sell; 85x120.
MANUFACTURING SITE.
$12,000— 0n the water front at North Beach;
two 50-vara, having a frontage of 700
feet; bank foreclosure; must be sold.
SNAP— PACIFIC HEIGHTS.
Cheapest property ever offered in this
location.
$7,000— 55000 can remain on mortgage at 6% per
cent; 50 feet frontage on Jackson st.,
near Laguna; improvements two cot-
tages; must be sold on account of dc-
iv- parture of owner.
O'FARRELL ST. CORNER FLATS.
$6,000— flats of five rooms and bath; in
good condition; on one of the best cor-
ners on O'Farrell st. street bitumin-
ized.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
SNAP.
$s,soo— Nice residence of eight rooms and bath
on California st., near Pierce; elegant
residence neighborhood; convenient to
several car lines; must be sold; no
reasonable offer refused; can arrange
terms.
WHY GO TO THE SUBURBS
WHERE IT TAKES AN HOUR TO
GET, TO TOWN,
WHEN YOU CAN BUY FOR
$750— Cash, balance $2000 at 6hi per' cent, or
5 per cent oft! for cash, nice cottage of
• Bix rooms and bath on Twenty-first St..
a few steps from Valencia, St. cars;
street work accepted; nothing more to
pay.
REAX, ESTATE IS PER CENT PER AN-
NUM.
BANKS 3 PER CENT PER ANNUM.
WHERE?
$1,750— A three-story well built house of three
tenements, in good renting district, a
few blocks from Market st. .
- CHEAP LOTS.
$100— Per foot: on Page st., near Scott; street
bituminized. '
: $1,650— Ashbury Heights lot: a snap; near Park
Panhandle; 25x107 feet.
$1,300— On Parnassus aye.; street work done;
elegant ocean view.
$150 Per foot; elegant residence site; unob-
structed marine view; lots any size to
suit purchaser.
$3,900— 0n Devisadero St., near Sacramento; 26
xllO; the only vacant lot in that lo-
cality.
$500— One-half block from Mission st. cars;
street work done. --:..
We hold our regular auction sales every two
weeks. For further particulars apply to
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
623 Market st.
ONLY $545; the cheapest lot In Richmond;
Ninth aye., near Point Lobos aye.: 25x120
feet; graded; street graded, sewered and
macadamized.
W. J. GUNN. Real Estate Agent.
410 Montgomery st
EXPERT ' OPTICIANS
GEO. MAYERLE. German Expert Optician;
i charter member American Association of Op-
ticians. 1071 ■* Market st., S. F. ; examlna-
tlon free; open evenings.
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or dlscour-
H;*d should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find
! In her a true friend; a home for patients,
with every comfort, convenience of a hospi-
I tal and privacy of a home; consultation
and confidential; home treatment, $5. No In-
struments used: satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded, by MRS. DR. GWYER,
' agent for Berlin Prescription Co.'s infallible
} pills, 510 Eddy st., bet. Hyde and Larkin; of-
fice hours, 10 to 12, 2 to 4 and 7 to S. Sundays
' by appointment only.
j A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
! ers helped Instantly and can return home the
same day: no Instruments used; cure at office,
. $8; home In confinement: skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post St., bet
Hyde and Larkln; hours. 10 to 6 and 7 to 8
! p. m. : Sunday, 10 to 12 and 2to4p. m.
ALL ladies— only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women:
60 years' practice: safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity, disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief.
■ though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated: no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M DA VIES. 1228 Market st.
pills, $1: very strong. $2.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cau»e: positively no instruments used: guar-
anteed cure at office, $5: travelers helped In-
stantly; consultation free and confidential;
home for patients; comfort and privacy
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market St.. between
Mason and Taylor; office hours. 9 to 5 and 7
to X p. m : Sundays. 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
IMPORTANT— A grefct progress In medical sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause; every woman her own . physician, no
matter how long standing: travelers helped
at once; safe: call on a physician with men's
knowledge: cure, $5; restores In 1 day and
prevents disgrace: can be pent: consultation
free; ladles' physician, practice 37 years.
DR. POPPER. SIS Kearny st.
i A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of irregulari-
ties than any other physician: never falls to
cure: consult him first, save time and money:
treatment can be used at home; consultation
| free. Call or write. 1023H Market st.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor: Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay St.. San Fran-
cisco: all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used:
advice free: hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 p. m.
ALL female complaints cured In 24 hours: reli-
able, safe, sure: maternity home; no Instru-
ments; consultation free, confidential; home
treatment, Jo. MRS. ALLEN, 228 Van Ness.
ALL married ladies know "Seguro," the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay
Bt. : $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co., 531 X St., Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles: no danger: safe cure: $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSOOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland, Cat
FOR married ladles — A sure safe preventive:
why wait and suffer? an ounce of prevention
Is worth a pound of cure: $1. 1637 Howard
St., 10 ft. m. to 5 p. m., Sundays excepted. ■
REMOVAL of Mrs. Dr. Schwartz to cor. 43d
and Linden, Oakland: home in confinement;
children adopted out. Take Grove-st. car.
MRS. DR. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate aye. .
private home In confinement^
DR. and Mrs. Wise. HIS Market st.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or mrney back;JS up.
DR. WONG "HTM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. Tin Mason st.
LoLCVi'IOi'VAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
' . ELECTRICAL— and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics,
BUSINESS — Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English; 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market st. ;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc. ; life
scholarship. $50; low rates per week and mo.
MERCANTILE College, room 80. Flood build-
Ing. S. H. TARR. Principal; pupils fitted
for all office work; course In bookkeeping.
rapid calculations unequaled; short time.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers:
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates: day,
even. San Franclscp Bus. College. 1236 Mkt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech survey, assay, arch!.: day & >»ye ;
est. 1864. VAN DEK NAILLEN. ?33 Market.
INSTRUCTION on piano, violin and cornet;
terms reasonable. 1207 Howard st.
LAW Schools. 927. Market, S. F., and 90S Broad-
way. Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
PRIVATE academy of dancing; waltzing %
specialty. MISS JEAN HUDDY. 6A H>de.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 305 Larkln st.. opti. City Hs>.!l.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
I ADVICE free; R. W. King, attorney at law,
sixth floor. Chronicle building; no advance
charges; estates, mortgages, damages, attach-
ments, bankruptcy, all cases; wills, contracts,
etc., drawn; moderate fees; call or write.
MAGUIRE & GALLAGHER— James G. Ma-
irulre (ex-Congressman) and James L,. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
ing, 825-855 Market St.; tel. South 215.
i NO charge unless successful; advice : free ; of-
fice open evenings from 8 to 9. HUGH C.
I GRANT, room 604. Emma Spreckels building.
I ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; j private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
MRS. CLARA FOLTZ, attorney at law; pro-
bate and guardianship: Bth floor Crocker bldg.
L. S. CLARKE— Emma Spreckete building, 927
Market; consultation free; no fees in advance.
I ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
1 W. niVTTIBON «7 Market St.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 MONTGOMERY ST.
A FORCED SALE.
$5500— Leavenworth St., bet. California and
Sacramento; 2 bay-window fiats, 5 and 6 rooms
and bath each; rent $42 50.
$5250— Folsom-st. residence, near Twenty-sec-
ond st.; fine bay-window house; contains 8
rooms and bath; lot 33x100; stable in rear;
mortgage of $4000 can. remain.
$8500— Clay st., near Battery; 2-story brick
building; store and 2 floors above; cement base-
.ment: rent $70. '
Corner on Clay st., near Mason; 3-story
building; store and 20 rooms above; lot 2sx7o;
under lease; a great bargain.
$300 CASH, BALANCE $20 MONTHLY.
$2600— Nice 2-story bay-window house on Clip-
per St., near Castro; contains 7 rooms and bath;
foreclosure sale. .:>'.: ":'.
Hartford st., near Eighteenth; cottage
of 4 rooms, bath, etc.; brick foundation; lot
24:7x125. V '■-. ".-.:■.:-
-s37so —Must be sold; cheapest property in the
! Mission; Dolores-st. corner; new residence of 7
I rooms and bath; handsomely decorated; modern
plumbing, etc.; lot 33x90: corner, 33x65, vacant;
should be improved with stores and Hats; Do-
lores st. is to be made a boulevard to connect
with the proposed Park Panhandle extension.
$6500—1315 Mason st., near Jackson; lot 35x
137:6, with 3-story residence of 12 rooms ajid
bath; also rear house of 5 rooms; stable for 6
1 horses. . ...
$S7so— Rent $87; Folsom-st. corner; fine build-
ings; all rented; lot 25x112:6; a splendid inter-
est-paying property. . ■
$7250—2 fine handsome new flats of 6 and. 7
rooms and bath; best portion of Devisadero st. ;
rent $62 50; lot 25x100.
$33.50— Seventh-st. corner, near Folsom; lot 2ox
SO; cround rent $20. .
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
V < ■•'.;' 10 Montgomery st.
COTTAGE in Mill Valley, $3250; easy terms; or
will exchange for San Francisco property; in
best portion of Mill Valley, near station; extra
large corner lot. with good cottage of 6 rooms,
bath, etc. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st. -
CHEAP CHEAP LOTS—
$1400— Another bargain: First aye., near Jack-
son St.; large lot, 30x120; fine elevated position,
commanding superb view.
$1000— $50 cash, balance $10 monthly; Third
1 aye., bet. California and Clement sts. ; large
lots; splendid neighborhood; you can build when
first payment ,l6 made. ' . • . ; .'X\' '
$450 each— V^ry cheap: 3 Lots on Douglass St.,
bet. Twentieth and Twenty-first; each 25x125.
$2000— Maybe \ less; Howard St., bet. Twenty-
fifth and Twenty-sixth; 25:6x117:6 to alley. !
$1475— 0n1y 3 left; Frederick St., bet. Cole
and Shrader; sunny side of street; cheapest lots
In Panhandle district; 1 block from the Park. :
) : ■
$8000— Sacrament/ st., bet.- Laguna and Bu-
chanan; 40x137:6; fielect neighborhood.
$4750— Fine corner close to town; Page and
Laguna sts.^ 35x87:6; suitable for flats;' all
street work done. - - . '
. BALDWIN & HOWELL. ■
, " ...... 10 Montgomery st. i
GOOD INTEREST-PAYING PROPERTIES—
$11,000— Rent $90; always rented; large lot, 40:6
x 137:6, on Leavenworth St.; 2 fine bay-window
houses; select neighborhood. ' . <
— Chestnut St., near Mason; g00d. 2-story
house; also 2 flats; lot 25x137:6. ■• ■
$2450— Modern cottage; $200 cash, balance
monthly: Eureka St., near Nineteenth; up to
date; contains 5 rooms, porcelain bath, etc.
FLATS CLOSE TO UNION IRON WORKS.
$2400— Connecticut St., near Twentieth; 2 flats
of 4 rooms and bath each: always rented.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
$7SSO— CHOICEST corner of all; marine and
Park view cannot be obstructed; 10 large
sunny rooms; conservatory; most expensive-
ly decorated; hot air furnace; all possible
conveniences. Apply to ALBERT WILFORD
on premises, cor. Fulton and Shrader sis.,
from 11 to 3. McAllister or Hayes-st. car.
FOR sale — 4-room cottage; basement; 29x70;
Chenery St., near Thirtieth. GEO. W. H.
PATTERSON & CO., 170« Market st.
$1600 — NEW corner 4-room bay-window house:
10-foot brick basement; stable. 1439 Shotwell.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
GENUINE bargain; $1*00; easy payments; hard
finished house, 8 rooms and porcelain bath;
large fine chicken houses, stables and garden;
75x100; high fence and large trees; must be
sold quick: two blocks off Kentucky-st. elec-
tric car; this is not an old rattletrap place.
J. J. EVANS, real estate agent, 630 Market.
11- your property is mortgaged and you need
more money Bee H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
MUST be sold; good business property of three
stores and two houses renting for about $150
a month under lease: lot 40x80 feet, two
frontages. Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667
Market st.
$2500— NEW modern 6-room. cottage, with all
the latest conveniences; $400 cash, balance $25
monthly; lot 25x125; near corner Twentieth
and Castro sts, F. NELSON, Builder.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
WANTED—
Cheap lots near car lines anywhere in San
Francisco. J. J. EVANS, Real Estate Agent,
630 Market st.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First avenue^ and you wish to sell
them, call on W. J. GUNN, 110 Montgomery.
4-ROOMED house: lot 25x100; $600. 63 East
Park St., Holly Park; Mission cars.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
A— s29so; 60-ACRE grain and fruit ranch; only
40 miles from San Francisco; new town; rail-
road and boat landing; 40 acres grain and
fruit; good barn, but old house; sold for face
of mortgage; place actually worth $4500. Ap-
ply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
FOR sale. cheap-^Charmlng summer residence
and large grounds on Cowichan Lake, Van-
couver -.and; unexcelled salmor. and trout
fishing and hunting; owner leaving country.
Apply to JAS. ROBERTSON. Duncans. Van-
couver Island.
NEW rich land n r city; small and large
tracts: 2150 acres sold to 120 families: 7500
acres left. For particulars of immense crops
raised In dry season of 1897-98 address THE
COCATI CO . 302 California st. B. F.
FRUIT, grain and stock farms. : • *~
W. D HOT.COM * CO.. 20 M - -i •- - •-! '• -v «t.
HONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1022 Mission Bt.. above
Sixth: telephone South 14. ,
ANY amount at 6.H per cent on real estate. 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rate*. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market st. ; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates: confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bids:.. 130 Powell *t.
LOANS made to salaried people; real and
chattel mortgages a specialty: any security.
THE REYNOLDS CO., 59 Third st.
AT Nevada Loan Office, 214 Grant aye.— Money
loaned on diamonds. Jewelry and clothing;.
REAL estate. 6 per cent: 2d mortg.. chattels,
undlv'd int'ts. etc. Harper & Krelg«r, 313 Ex-
aminer building.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without Indorser. TOUSLEY. 591 Pnrrntt bid*.
STRAIGHT tip; go where you can save inter-
est. Cut Rate Loan Office. 22 Mason st.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money nee H. MURPHY. KM Market.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal. l»n com- ,
mission: private. LICK. US M"AHI»t<»
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— QOH BROADWAY.
OAK! AM' Itl'.Al I>HI'K.
— NEW house, 6 rooms; lot 30x100; fine lo-
cation: must sell quick; other bargains. E.
E. BUNCE, 908 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND IIItMTIHK FOR >Al.ii.
AN Introduction to you frOm H. Schellhaas. th»
furniture *wJ>r 11th anil Frnrklln. Oakland.
ALAMEDA' ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME lor ladles In delicate health; . large
grounds; private. MRS. FUNKK. 141* Stn »■„ j
MARBIAGi: LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Lucius R. Holbrook and Henrietta Coffin. .24-22
John J. Whit ford and Laura A. Jones 27-2S
CarneHus Healy and Martha Doyle... 30-19
Peter P. Page and Eva Dich 29-24
Jacob Heineberg and Belle Honigsberger..
Theodore J. Hoover and Mildred C. Brooke. 2B-27
John Honklns.and Rose MeLaughlin 54-27
Samuel O. Meyer and Tillie Goodman 32-23
Wilhelm Kuckes and Dorothea Mlckelsen..ss-5!»
Harry Dunn and Maud E. W.Searls... 35-26
Paul L. Wittke and Anna Rolf ........39-27
Edward C. Pries and Caroline de Baere.... 30-25
Guy H. Cochran and Alice I. Cowen 36-23
William' L. Case and Emma O. Koetz 22-22
navM H. Green and Ada. Gibson 27-13
• BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
BORN.
ADAMS— In this city. May 27, 1599. to the wife
of John Adams, a son.
GREENE— In Berlin. June 3. 1898. to the wife
of Melbourne F. Greene, a daughter.
NORMILE— In this city. May 26, 1898, to the
wife of Thomas Normlle, a daughter.
MARRIED.
CARL— KORTZ— In this city. June 6, 1599. by
the Rev. John A. B. Wilson, D.D.. William
T. Carl and Emma O. Kortz, both of San
. Francisco. : . ,V. :
COMSTOCK— HAINQUE— In Auburn, May 18,
1599, by the Rev. Father Van Schie, Harry
Oswald Comstock of Nevada and Adelaide
Octavia Hainque of San Francisco.
LARSEN— ELLIOTT— In this city. June 6, 1599.
by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson, D.D., Anton
Larsen and Effie E. Elliott, both of San
Francisco.
HANKINS— MCLAUGHLIN— In this city. June
6. 1899, at the Grand Hotel, by the Rev. John
A. B. Wilson, D.D., John Hankins and Rose
McLaughlin, both of Elko County, Nevada.
(Nevada papers please copy.)
McDONALD— In this city. June 4.
1899, by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson. D.D.,
Hiram K. McEue'n and Mary E. McDonald.
. both of San Francisco.
NOETHIG— ALLEN— In this city. May 28, 1899.
at St. Charles Borromeo's Church, by the
Rev. Father P. J. Cummins. Adolpn F.
: Noethig and Elizabeth Allen, both of San
Francisco.
WHITFORD — JONES —In this city. June 6,
ISH9, by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson. D.D..
John J. Whitford of Nevada City and Laura
a. Jones of San Francisco.
DIED.
Anderson. Victor P. Hanson, L. N.
Bailly, Lola E. McCarthy, John D.
Baumgarten, Henry Matthews. Harriet A.
Beretta. Annie E. Menke, Henriette
Cuningham, Kate Messerve. William J.
De Fremery, James Kealon, Minnie E.
Ellert. Minnie A. ' Schweigman, Julius
Fremier, Julius B. Sloan, Elizabeth
' Goldberg. Philip Stafford, Emily
. Gove. William R. Wolf. Ernestine
Hanniver, Nora A. Wolters, Letitia I.
ANDERSON— In Duncans Mills. June 1. 1899,
Victor P. Anderson, cousin of David C. Cha-
lebois, Jacob Woods, Philomen Woods and
Mrs. Jennie Tyrrell, a native of Wisconsin,
j aged 21 years. - - .-.
' : E?"Friend3 and acquaintances' are respect-
. fully invited. to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
• of Jacob Woods, 1307 Sixth avenue, East Oak-
. land.
BAILLY— In this city. June 6, 1599, Lola Eliza,
beloved daughter of ■ Jacinta and the late
Achilla Bailly. and sister of Eugene Bailly,
Mrs. J. H. Mullen and Mrs. A. de Bernard!.
a native of San Francisco, ! aged 31 years 5
months and 4 days.
t ET'Notice of funeral hereafter.
BAUMGARTEN— In' . this city. ' June fi, J899.
at the residence of his daughter, 20 -Pleasant
• street, Henry, beloved husband of Caroline
Baumgarten of Tehama, Cal., and father of
Sophie. Henry and Willie Kaumgarten, and
for fifty years a resident of California, a na-
tive of Hanover, Germany, aged 72 years 11
months and 21 days.
BERETTA— In Oakland, June 5, 1899, Annie E.,
5 beloved wife of Italo A. Beretto, a native of
San Francisco.
IT^The funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from St. Francis
de Sales Church, corner Grove and Hobait
streets, Oakland. Interment private.
CUNINGHAM— In this city. June 6, 1899, Kate,
dearly beloved sister of Margaret Cuningham
and Mrs. James Cullinane, and niece of Mrs.
John Holland of Oakland, a native of the
parish of Killbritain, County Cork, Ireland,
aged 24 years. - - •
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her sister. Mrs. James Cullinane, 1345
Pierce street, thence to Holy Cross Church,
where a solemn requiem high mass will he
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery, Oakland. Take 12 o'clock broad-
gauge boat.'
DE FREMERY— May 28, 1899, James de Frem-
ery. beloved father of James L. de Fremery
and Mrs. P. J. Van Loben Sels, a native of
Holland, aged 73 years.
E?Triends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited .attend the funeral, which will
' take place Saturday, June 10. at 2 o'clock,
from the family residence, 1305 Adeline street,
Oakland.
ELLERT— this city, June G. 1899, Minnie A.,
beloved wife of John A. Ellen, mother of
Alton and Blanche Ellert. and dauehter of
S. K. Spears of Merced County, a native of
California, aged 42 years 4 months and 5 days.
(CNotice of funeral hereafter.
FREMIER— In this city. June 6. 1899, Julius
8.. beloved husband of Annie Fremier. and
father of Annie, Walter and Josephine Pre-
mier, a native of San Francisco, aeed 43
years 5 months and 4 days.
[C?Notice of funeral hereafter.
GOLDBERG— In this city. June 5, 1899, Philip,
beloved husband of Mary Goldberg, ami
father of Mrs. Raphael Cohen. Mrs. Ph.
Lewis and Rosa and Martha Goldberg, a na-
tive of Rosagen, Germany, aged 69 years.
(Portland, Or., papers please copy.)
. E?"Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 727 1 ,2 McAllister street, between
Gough and Octavia, and thence by carriages
to Hills of Eternity Cemetery for interment.
GOVE— In this city, June 5, 1899, William Rob-
ert, son of A. J. and Kate L. Gove.-<a native
of San Francisco, aged 35 years 7 months and
2 days.
(P?"The funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from 925 Vallejo
street. Interment private. Please omit flow-
ers. ;..•'..."■•■■
HANNIVF.R— In this city. June 5, 1899, Nora
A., beloved wife of William Hanniver, daugh-
ter of John and Johanna Sullivan, and sister
of William, Mamie and Margaret Sullivan
and the late Daniel and John Sullivan, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 26 years and 8
months.
[Cs"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents, 254 Dore street, thence
to St. Joseph's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
HANSON— In Fruitvale. June 6, 1899, L. N..
beloved husband of Anna C. Hanson, and
father of Henry L., Emma C, . Ida M. and
Walter N. Hanson, a native of Denmark,
aged 53 years 9 months and 6 days.
MCCARTHY— In this city, June 5. 1899, at his
residence, 1316 Fulton street, John D. Mc-
Carthy, dearly beloved . brother of Daniel,
Timothy D., Nellie and Michael McCarthy, a
native of the parish of Scartaelin, County
Kerry, Ireland, ased 38 years.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
MATTHEWS— In this city. June 6, 1599, Har-
riet A., belcved wife of F. A. Matthews,
and mother of Clyde H. Matthews, a native
of Michigan, aged 37 years and 11 months.
MENIIE— this city, June 5. 1899, Henriette,
beloved wife of Christian Menke. and mother
of Mrs Frank Nlemeyer, Mrs. J. Filmer and
Louis H.. George and Edward Menke. a na-
tive of Prussia, Germany, aged 59 years and
10 months.
■ [E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her lain
residence, 24 Hardy street, between Sixteenth
and Seventeenth, Church and Sanchez. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
MESSERVE— At Childs-Drexel Union Printers'
Home Colorado Springs. Colo.. June 4. 1599.
William J. Messerve, late of San Francisco,
aged 74 years.
NEALCiN— In this city. June 5, 1899, Minnie
E., wife of J. C. Nealon, and mother of
Maria G., Marearet E. and James Joseph
Nealon. a native of New York, aged *6 years.
[C7"The funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 928 Haicht street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, Fillmore and Fell streets,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated, for th repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
SCHWEIGMAN— this city, June 6. 1899, Ju-
lius Schweigman, a native of Germany, aged
62 years.
SLOAN— In this city. June 5, 1899, Elizabeth,
dearly beloved wife of Patrick Sloan, and
- mother of Marlon Elizabeth Sloan, a native
of Omeath. County Louth, Ireland, aged 30
years and 3 months.
in?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this Imt
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 45 Shipley street, thence to Bt Pat-
rick's Church for services at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
STAFFORD— In this city, June 5, 1899, Emily,
belcved wife of Thomas H. Stafford, a na-
t ive of England, aged 54 years. (Brooklyn,
N. V., papers please copy.)
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 900 Greenwich street, corner of Taylor.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery. s
WOLF— In Ocean View, Ernestine, beloved wife
of Elias Wolf, mother of Annie. William and
Joseph Wolf, and sister of Herman Wald-
stein of Germany and the late A. Waldstein
of San Francisco, a native of Germany, aged
57 years 3 months and 13 days.
%y Notice of funeral hereafter.
WOLTERS— In this city, June 5. 1899, Letitia
Isabelle, dearly beloved daughter of Louis
and Kate Wolters, and sister of Madeline
Wolters, a native of San Francisco, as<=d 1
year 2 months and 3 days.
|C?-The funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the family
residence, 2V4 Verona street, off. Third, near
Folsom. Interment private, in Holy Cross
Cemetery.
HENRY J. GALLAGiitiR CO.. •
(Successor* to Flanagan & Gallasaer>.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND CMKALiliii*
M Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln Scaou*.
. T«;*i,fcou. South M.
mcflvoY at CO.. 1
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & KMIULMER3, I
• 1235 Market st. , between Sth and 3th. ■ fi
- Telephone. South 247. J
•Weekly Call, $1 per Year
1112
SUPERVISORS TO MEET
AT THE MAYOR'S CALL
Strange Crisis in the Affairs of the
Municipality.
Phelan Is on the Horns of a Dilemma — Important
Issues Dependent on the Legality of the
Supervisorial Session Held Last Monday.
AMOPT unusual complication has
Hris.-n in the Supervisorial situa
tion and recourse may yet have
t.> ]>■-> had to the courts to bring
order and legality out of what is now
practical chaos. Mayor Phelan and the
minority members of the Hoard of Su
pervisors are determined to protect
what they have already won by their
strategy and to Insure the success of
the new propositions they have on
hand. The majority members of the
I are equally determined to carry
through the schemes which their cor
ion masters insist shall be ac
complished. The Mayor and his faith
ful allies are seeking to force the ga.s
company to terms, yet the majority
stand pledged to bow to the will of the
company if a meeting of the board be
called.
Mayor Phelan is therefore between
two tires. If he calls a meeting of the
rvißors he Jeopardizes his fight
against the gas company and gives the
rity members of the board an op
mlty to pass gas bills and defeat
Mayor's purpose to bring the cor
poration to terms. If Mayor Phelan
not call a meeting Of the board
until the thst Monday in July a great
injustice will be done to tradesmen and
hants and distress will come un
3sarily to hundreds of municipal
employes.
While the Mayor has not yet reached
a final conclusion in the matter he has
practically decided to call the Super
visors together next Monday. If he
this he will try to force from the
majority members an agreement that
none of th" mooted questions before the
board will be discussed. If this prom
■ given and the Mayor still con
siders it a necessity to call the" Super
visors together every possible effort
will be made, as In the franchise cases,
feat the plans of the majority by
parliamentary mea ns.
N- ,i:ly every important feature of the
controversy will turn upon the legality
of th( held last Monday by the
majority members of the board. As
these members will meet next Monday
the Mayor in all likelihood will issue an
official call and assemble the entire
board. This action, however, will not
unravel th-- legal tangle. After as
sembling th.- board will have to pass
ally upon the last meeting. The
serious question of what was legally
th- last meeting will then arise and will
have to be determined. The majority
members of the board will insist that
the revolutionary meeting held by thorn
on Monday was the last regular meet-
Ing and a demand will Vie made for the
adoption of the minutes of that meet
ing.
If these minute? be adopted official
and legal Indorsement of the revolu
tionary meeting will he given and
Mayor Phelan will he forced tacitly to
admit that a legal meeting of the Board
Of Supervisors may be held without his
authorization. Such an admission <>n
the part of th<> Mayor and the minority
will he a sacrifice of one of their strnng
ntentions in the controversy. The
majority members of the board may
then proceed to d<> as they please with
in the prescribed limits of the con
solidation act.
If. on the other hand, the Mayor and
the minority contest the adoption of
the minutes of the revolutionary meet
ing and insist that the last regular
meeting of the board was held a week
ago last Monday, then another compli
cation will arise. When thf majority
members met on Monday they adopted
the minutes of the previous meeting.
thus Riving absolute legality to the
proc linirs of that session. If the
Mayor and the minority succeed in con
struing the revolutionary meeting to be
illegal, then the minutes <>r the previ
ous meeting will stand unapproved and
the majority members will be in a posi
tion t<> question every action that was
then taken.
This is a contingency of such serious
Importance that the Mayor knows
ADVERTISEMENTS.
— -
from a cup of
Ghirardelli's
MONARCH
Chocolate
Immediateiy caotivates the fast?
and fancy of a I chocolate lovers.
In grade and purity equal to the
bet imported and Superior to
them m absolute FRESHNESS.
At a. I f:rst-cl?ss grocers' —
35c per pound.
hardly what to do. At the meeting
held a week ago last Monday bills ag
gregating several thousands of dollars
were indorsed and ordered paid. Under
the strict letter of the law the legality
of the order of payment is not com
plete until the minutes of the meeting
have been adopted at a subsequent and
legal session of the board.
A cloud will therefore be thrown
over the whole affair. The majority
members of the board will not on Mon
day agree to adopt the minutes of the
meeting held last Monday a week ago
on the ground that they have already
been adopted. The minority members
will not agree to adopt the minutes of
the meeting held on Monday on the
ground that the session was illegal. It
is a question of the most serious mo
ment to determine at the present time
just where a point of agreement In the
controversy can be reached.
There is very little likelihood that two j
of the must important measures before |
the board will be Involved in the mud- i
die. The tremendous steal of the Mar
ket Street Railroad Company has for- \
tunately been prevented. If the greedy '
corporation asks for anything it will
confine its demand to the "corkscrew \
franchise" or crosstofwn franchise. The :
blanket- franchise, Involving so many
enormous thefts, will beabandoned. The
anti-bookmaklng law appears also to
!■•■ sate, as the majority members of I
the board have decided to postpone in
definitely all further discussion of the j
repeal. The only remaining important
question is upon gas rates, and that. It
appears, cannot be evaded.
Some incidental Interest attached
yesterday to the official quarrel because :
of the actions of Supervisors Keyer and !
Byington, both members of the minor
ity. Supervisor Heyer is chairman of :
the Fire Department committee. Sup
porting the contention of himself and i
the Mayor that the meeting of the ma
jority members of the board, held on;
Monday, was illegal, Supervisor Heyer j
refused to call a meeting of the com- :
mittee of which he is chairman. He '■
insists that there was nothing before I
his committee to consider, and. there- j
fore, he did not call a meeting. The i
other members met, however, and tran- j
sacted routine business of no general
Importance.
Supervisor Byington's action, how- i
ever, was different. He is chairman
of the Judiciary Committee, and pre
sided as usual yesterday at the regu- j
lar meeting of the committee. The in- i
cident had no special significance ex- !
cept to demonstrate that the minority
members of the Board of Supervisors |
have not yet determined in their own
minds whether or not to consider the j
meeting of Monday legal.
HASTINGS LAW COLLEGE
TO HAVE A NEW DEAN
DR. E. R. TAYLOR TO SUCCEED
JUDGE C. W. SLACK.
Latter Resigns Owing to Pressure of
Private Business but Will Con
tinue as a Professor.
Ex-Judge Charles W. Slack has handed
in his resignation as dean of the faculty
of the Hastings College of Uw and his
resignation has been accepted, though re
gretfully, by the trustees of that insti
tution. Dr. E. R. Taylor has been ap
pointed to succeeed Judge Slack as dean
and will assume the duties of the position
at the opening of the college in August.
Judge Slack was appointed dean <>f the'
faculty in !*!)"> and his administration has j
been a marked success. Since his retire- |
ment from the bench, however, his pn- j
vate practice has grown to such propbrr
tions that he felt that he could not devote i
the time to the college that his position
as dean of the faculty demanded, hence j
his resignation. The trustees, while loth
to accept his resignation, were forced to '
take that course, as he informed them
that his resolution to retire was (irmly
fixed.
I >r. Taylor is one of the. leading mem- I
I" rs of the San Francisco bar and enil- j
nently qualified by education and training !
to fill the position satisfactorily. He has
been a resident of this city for nearly
forty years and is very highly spoken of
by his associates in the profession ol th>>
law. He is an active member and former j
president of the liar Association, and was I
one of the leaders In the movement to ae
cure the passage by the Legislature of
the bill for the remodeling of the jury
system.
At the urgent request of the trustees j
Judge Slack has consented to continue a.a
one of the assistant professors of the col
lege and will continue his course, of lee- |
tures on pleadings and practice, which
have attained great popularity among the
students of the institution.
CHARGED WITH SMUGGLING.
Night Watchman on the Curacao Ar
rested for Passing Out Mexi
can Cigars.
Pome time ago William Clay, cook on
the Curacao, was detected by a customs
inspector in receiving a basket of smug
gled Mexican cigars handed down to him
at the end of a string from the fore part
of the vessel. The person at the other
end of the string whs unknown, and Clay
was indicted by the Federal Grand Jury
on the charge Of smuggling. Yesterday
Clay confessed to Deputy Surveyor St
John that John Wilson, night watchman
of the Curacao, was the guilty party and
that it was at Wilson's request that he
fClay) received the package, the time be
ing 4 o'clock In the morning.
Clay went with Customs Inspector Har
rigan before the United Btat»s District
Attorney later, and Mr. Harrigan swore
to h. complaint on information ami be
lief for the arrest of Wilson on a charge
of smuggling.
A Well-Deserved Vacation.
Judge Mogan yesterday concluded the
calendar in his court and adjourned for
his vacation, which he will spend at < 'ma-
Una Island. It is the first vacation the
Judge has had since being on the bench
and considering the work tie has done he
well deserves it. Judge Treadwell will
occupy his court during his absence.
The bookbinder and every trade
Whose good* of leather are made.
We kindly Invite you all to come.
See "Pegamoid," Chronicle building. No. CL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 7, 18TKJ.
WAGERING ON
OUTCOME OF
THE BIG FIGHT
Fitzsimmons Rules a
Warm Favorite.
SPORTING MEN AT VARIANCE
OPINIONS EQUALLY DIVIDED AS
TO CHANCES OF MEN.
The Comishman's Ringmanship Is
Expected to Offset the Angeleno's
Advantages of Superior
Weight and Youth.
If It Is the difference of opinion that
makes horse racing a recognized sport
throughout the world something of that
same quality must enter Into the same of
boxing. On Friday night Fitzsimmons
and Jeffries will meet in the ring at Coney
Island and will battle for what is con
cAled to be the • championship of the
world. This, properly, should be decided
in a. contest to a finish, but as that kind
of a meeting; is prohibited the only sub
stitute is the limited bout.
The difference of opinion as to the out-
come of the forthcoming battle Is strongly
defined among the men who are. recog
nized authorities on boxing. Here is a
line-up taken haphazard: For Jeffries -
Alex Greggains. Eddie Graney, Harry
Corbett. Billy Jordan. Tom Sharkey if
fight lasts twelve rounds. For Fitzslm
mons—Jack Btelzner, Tim McGrath. \V.
J. Kennedy, \V. K. Wheelock, Johnny
Farley Joe Harvey, Johnny Humphrey,
Billy Nolan and Mike KatzenFtoin.
The betting commenced in earnest yes
terday, interest in the contest bating,
seemingly, just awakened. The odds in
the local poolrooms were 10 to 7, Fitzsirn
mona ruling favorite. In tho. Isa«t tli-*
Cornishman was a 2 to l favorite. The
wide difference in tlv odds wns readily
explained by Harry Corbett. "There arc\
several reanons for effrles being in greater
demand here, than in the Kast," he said
yesterday. "Jeffries Is a Californian,
which in itself would appeal to the bet
tors here. To accent this both he and
Billy Delaney, his trainer, are writing- Jot
ters to friends here- keeping them in
formed of His training and his prospects
"Another reason is that the bookmakers,
who are the heaviest bettors, are in the
East attending the races and their money
is going in on Fitzslmmons. as they in
variably; play the r favorite. , If they y were
here nituu" of ; them , would -be influenced
by local conditions and their money would
have tended to shorten the odds on Jef
fries.
"The persons who favor Jeffries are
chiefly the small bettors, who risk $5 or
$10 at the outside. The Fitzsimmons peo
ple play big money, seldom less than $100
or $130. One of the many reasons that
Jeffries is played by the small bettors is
the fact that three short-enders won at
Woodward's Pavilion last Wednesday.
This is a small matter, but many men
will be influenced by it. playing the short-
enders until some favorite breaks the
spell. The betting has been steady, and
ii the volume continues we will handle
$60,000 on the outcome of the fight."
Tim McGrath; who is one of the shrewd
est handlers of boxers, sees no one in the
fight but Fitzsimmons. The difference In
the weight of the men cuts no figure in
the outcome according to his view of the
impending struggle. He thinks if Jef
fries stands off and spars he will get the
worst of it, while if he mixes things Fitz
will find a weak spot under his guard.
McGrath is of the opinion that Jeffries*
poor showing with Bob Armstrong in the
East has influenced the betting there.
Jeffries' stock went down noticeably when
he made so poor a showing with the
negro. ■ *
Opposed to McGrath is Alex Greggains,
a master at the art of boxing. Two
things will beat Fitzsimmons," he paid
yesterday. "Lack of weight and the fact
that Jeffries has been boxing with Tommy
Ryan. Jeffries has always been quick for
a man of his weight, and boxing with
Ryan must have improved' him. >To man
can give away the weight Fitzsimmons
has been asked to do in this case and
hope to win against so good a man. Jef
fries is game as a pebble. I have seen.
Henry Baker hit him a ripht-hand- punch
that ought to stop any man. Jeff only
shook his head and sailed Into Baker. It
takes a game man to go after his oppo
nent when he is beinp punished badly.
In the paris mutuela at Corbett'3 the
bulk of the money so far wagered Indi
cates that the majority of the dollar hot
tors pick Fitzsimmons to win in the first
half of the fight. After that Jeffries has
a slight lead, especially -on the line from
1" to 21 rounds. The complete table fol
lows:
FITZBJCMMONS. I JEFFRIES
Tickets' Tickets
Rounds. Sold. 'Rounds. Soil
1 to 6 40 1 to. 6 22
" to. 11 46 7 to 11 ....I 22
12 to 16 28 12 to IB -M
17 to 21 5 17 to 21 . 12
22 or over 10 22 or over...: IS
Total 129 Total *9S
WILL BOX TEN ROUNDS.
L. Myers and Sharkey Smith
Meet To-Night Before ban
Francesco Athletic Club.
The directors of the San Francisco Ath
letic Club have arranged ;ui excellent pro
gramme of boxing for Its regular monthly
exhibition In the club gymnasium. Sixth
street, near Folsom, to-night. The prin
cipal bout will he between "Sharkey"
Smith and 1,. Myers, the men going ten
rounds.
Myers has trained at Jimmy Anthony's.
on the Ingleside road, and is pronounced
to be In excellent condition. Smith has
had more experience. He has never been
defeated outright and but two of his con
tests have been declared draws.
"Deacon" Jones and "Snowball" White,
the diminutive colored boxers, will meet
in one of the preliminaries. Thpre will be
several of these, there being enough box
ing talent about the club to fill an entire
evening's entertainment. Alex Greggains.
matchmaker for the club, will referee,
•which assures good sport.
SWIFT FLIGHT OF PIGEONS.
A. Lernhart's Representative in Pa
cific Pigeon Club Contest Breaks
All Club Race Records.
The Pacific Pigeon Club of Alameda
County hrld its first race on Sunday from
Marysville. Some of the birds broke the
record made by any homers in a club race
from that town. Up to date thp best
speed was 942 yards per mlnut<\ hut this
was bpatcn by over fifty yards per min
ute. Some of the members of the Pacific
Club, who are hlro members of the <'a||_
fornla <'lub of San Francisco, have always
claimed that birds raised on the Alamcda
County siiie nf the bay when liberated in
a race, with the city birds always went
| at least part of the way to the city before
coming home to their own lofts'. Thcv
believe the result of this race proves that
; their theory 1b correct. The birds arrived
I as follows:
A. Lernhart'B (Centerville) bird No (j
arrived at IO:4H o'clock. distance 110 miles
1371 yards; time l<x; minutes; speed 994 \
yards per minute.
P. Schlotzhauer (Dimond). No. W 1322
arrived 10:3:5 V. distance 07 miles md
yards: time 183V4 minutes: speed 93»> 52-100
yards per minute.
Dr. T. Carpenter (Alameda). No. "W 737
arrived 10:68; distance 100 miles 733 yards*
time, 200 minutes; speed 845 9S-100 yards
per minute.
E. D. Conolley (Alameda). No. W 2375
arrived 11:11; distance 100 miles 1627 yards;
time 221 minutes; speed 803 74-100 ' yards
per minute.
Bunkoed by Two Men.
J. Smith, a visitor to the city, living at
the New Avenue House on Kearny street,
met two men Sunday and they invited
him to have a drink in a saloon. He went
with them, and they started in to shake
the dice. One of them in alarm shouted
that the police were coming and said to
Smith, "(live me ynur purse, quick,'' and
Smith obeyed. The men then disappeared.
There was |70 in the purse, and yesterday
Smith swore to a complaint in Judge
Treadwell's court for the arrest of "John
Doe"' and "Richard Roe" on a charge of
grand larceny.
Democratic League Meets.
The Democrat!'- League of the Forty
second District held its regular meeting
last night at .TIQ OFarrell street, with
James O'Cnnnell presiding. The club
passed a resolution indorsing the Hon.
James D. Phelan and the two Democratic
Supervisors for "the most recent proof
that honest men with the courage of their
convictions are still occasionally found In
public life." Beyond the passage of this
resolution no business of Importance waa
transacted by the club.
NEW ELECTRIC
COMPANY LETS
A BIG CONTRACT
It Means Work for a
Thousand Men.
FOR ELECTRIC WIRE CONDUITS
CLAUS SFRECKELS' AGREEMENT
WITH GRAY BROTHERS.
The Latter Firm to Do the Under
ground Work for the Inde
pendent Company — Will
Bequire a Year.
The Independent Electric Ught and
Power Company is rapidly perfecting its
arrangements to enter the field in active
competition with existing concerns en
gaged in the same line of business. A
contract for the construction of an under
ground system of conduits, involving an
outlay of $1,250,000, has just been entered
into with Gray Brothers. The work will
be commenced immediately and hurried
to completion.
The magnitude of the undertaking will
be in a measure realized when It is stated
that the enterprise will require fourteen
months of continuous labor and will give
employment to a thousand men. The
amount of money that will be expended
for labor will alone approximate $1,000,000,
and as money thus expended is put Into
immediate circulation, the direct benefit
to San Francisco can easily be estimated.
The contract was signed by Claus
Spreckels, president of the company, and
Gray Brothers a week ago, but the fact
j did not become generally known until
yesterday. The statement is made by a
member of the firm of Gray Brothers
that employment will be given to from
800 to 1000 men continuously as soon as
the work is fairly under way and as the
, te.iring up of the streets will begin within
the next four weeks the laborers have not
long to wait.
"We are already engaged in the prelim
inary preparations for the beginning of
the work," said Harry Gray last night,
"and will get started in about thirty days.
We estimate that the contract will take
from twelve to fifteen months. We have
contracted to put in a million feet of con
duits, and nil the work is to be completed
by the time the plant is ready to start up.
, We will have, our part done in time. The
work will be of a most substantial ohar-
I acter and all the material used will be
produced in California. The main con
duits will be of terra-cotta and the lat
erals will lie of iron pipe. They will be
laid on a bed of concrete to insure the
greatest possible durabilUy and stability.
We propose to push the work will;
all dißpatch consistent with good
workmanship. The city will be divided
into districts in each of which a gang of
men will be at work at the same time, the
\ entire force aggregating probably a thou
sand men."
The fact that contracts for miles of
wire and the great boilers which will he
used In the plant have been let has al
ready been published, and the engineers
■ are now engaged in the task of selecting
the most approved dynamos and other
machinery. Plans are also being prepared
for the power-house, which will ne located
on the water front near the old sugar
i refinery, occupying two entire blocks. As
Boon as these plans are completed con
tracts for the construction of the build
ing will !"• let. and it is expected that the
i plant will be in operation in about
i eighteen months.
RICH FUTURITY STAKE
FOR THE GREYHOUNDS
THE INTERSTATE COURSING
CLUB WILL ADD §1500.
Will Be Run at Union Park in Sep
tember of Next -Year by Pup
pies Whelped Since January.
Both the Tnglesldp Coursing <"lub and
the Interstate Coursing Club members
held their regular monthly meetings last
night in spearate apartments at Pythian
Castle.
No steps were taken by the Ingleside
people looking to a resumption of sport
at their park. President Pominick Shan
non informed the members he hoped for
relief from the people in authority, but
when it would come he did not attempt
to predict. A committee consisting of
Messrs. Shannon, Halpin, Dillon, Morris
and Peckelmann presented a draft of a
new constitution. This was lead and
adopted.
The, Interstate Coursing Club met and
adopted the conditions under which the
California Futurity stakes will be run for
the lirst time In September, 1900. All pay
ments for listing, also forfeits and entries
will be added to the prize fund, to which
{);>■ dub gives $1600. The winner will re
ceive 40 per cent, the runner-up 2" p«t
cent and the balance to be decided by
nominators on the night of the draw. Five
per cent of the total purse will be award
ed the breeder of the winner and runner
up, to be divided equally.
The nomination foe of $10 is payable in
three installments— s2 n0 March 1, 1900;
12 50 .In lS' 1, and 15 on the night of the
draw.
I'anlel Rlordan. J. A. Klein. George
Kaublnger and Max Hersog were elected
members. A grievance committee con
sisting of F. Moran. J. R. Olekson and
K. K. Malcom was appointed to settle
the disputed ownership of some puppies.
-r- • m •
AN ELABORATE LUNCHEON.
President West of the "Perm." Mv-
tual Entertains His Agents.
The local agents of the Pennsylvania
Mutual Ijife Insurance Company were
tendered an elaborate luncheon in the
maple room of the Palace yesterday after
noon by President Harry F. West. Mr.
West arrived here a few days ago, ac
companied by Aaron Fries, chairman of
the executive committee, and his confi
dential clerk. William H. Kingsley. The
object of President West's visit was to
Mackay Quits July Ist— 2l Days More.
Pretty Portieres
The end of our closina-out sale is in sight. The shorter
the time the more anxious we are to guit — so anxious we'll ■
not let prices interfere with a single sac. Lace curtains and
pretty pcrtieres at half what they were.
0 A £ A for beautiful rich co 1 A| if> for a pair of pure white
Vi Til ored Tapestry por- VI 111 Lace Curtains — Brussells
UUIUU tieres that were al-. UI'IU and Irish point effects-
ways $7. They can't stay in our a well made curtain — will adorn any
store — we are quitting. And now you room. Before this sale they were
can have them for half the old price. ;$2 00 a pair. ■
7flj* a yard for remnants of Axminster, Moquette and Body
I lI P Brussells Carpets. Former price $1.15 a yard ;
•I UU lengths 2to 25 yards. Sold out of 38c remnants ■ r>
Monday, but still have good Tapestry remnants -/I Kfl
/ ' f0r........ ;..;..^...^.^.;;:;. 9 y^ H" J U
ALEX. yy\ACKAY Sc SON,
715 Market Street, Near Call Building.
ADVERTISEMENTS. T. . . _____
Ladies' *
Silk
Waists
. . .AXsTO . .
Silk
Skirts!
This week we have opened an elegant
variety of NEW LADIES' SILK WAISTS in ■ "
both Colored and Black, prices ranging y
from $6 to $15 each. These waists
are the very latest shapes, and are both
Corded and Tucked front, back and
sleeves. ______
LADIES' SILK SKIRTS— We have also
a new shipment in both Black and Col-
ored. These Silk Skirts are made with
Ruffles, Spanish Flounces and Accordion
Pleating and range in price from $6.50
to $25 each 1 _
We have also a splendid assortment of
MERCERIZED MOREEN SKIRTS, WASH
SKIRTS, STRIPED SATEEN SKIRTS and
SILK and WOOL MOREEN SKIRTS.
111. 113. 115. 117. 119, 121 POST STREET.
see California and to look after the in
terests of his company upon this coast
So pleased was he with the work that is
bell* done here by the local agents that
he determined to extend them some sub
Btantlal expression. Hence the uncheon.
The maple room was beautifully decor
ated for the occasion. and ; in the midst
of the round table was an immense bowl
an T d ho a «e ted w^°o r ?e V^teTwe°r U e^ President
Hart Mr Fries. Mr. Kingsley, Messrs.
gf Hart and A. R. booster the general
k he H C rs^ y rt n?7oh a fp|S:
a m S Miv'er C C. Darling: and Baron
M «a?h yon GoltihSm and M.dical Ex
aminers R. L. Rigdon and Joseph Blux
-o lD°urin P the Hmcheon Present
as S n h» ,nnke of the Pleasant relations
existinl between the agents here and the
Snfflce Mr. Hart responded on be
|^EK_f__^__l
n:r.^r,K.- r p,,?x.. ""«»'&» • =»«•■•
Mayer and others. r
DEATH REVEALS DIRT.
Winter Home on Sacramento Street
Reported to the Board
of Health.
Timothy Regan; a laboring man. went to
bed drunk last Monday night in the in
fer Home lodging-house, 634 Sacramento
street a 10 and 15 cent joint. He was
found dead in his bed yesterday morn-
SS3S-taSj&_fe_ffl
lion ami the bedclothes crawling with ver-
m T?^nti reoortine the facts to Coroner
H 11 the <Wr Instructed Deputy Sulli
van to lodge a complaint with the Board
of HeaHh g ,hat the place .™ Illthy and
should be fumigated or abated.
ASPHYXIATED BY GAS,
A Loose Stopcock Caused the Death
of Miss Kate Cunningham, a
Young Domestic.
Miss Kate Cunninßham. a domestic 24
years old. employed by E. Barnes at 809
Fierce street, came to her death some
time during last Monday night by being
asphyxiated with illuminating gas in her
room. The. stopcock of the gas jet was
so loose that it could be turned with a
mere touch of the finger. There were no
unusual conditions about the room and
Coroner Hill, after a personal investiga
tion, expressed his opinion that it was a
case of accident.
The unfortunate girl had laid the table
in the dining-room ready for yesterday
morning's breakfast and the kindling
wood was placed under the stove. She
retired on Monday night in a cheerful
mood and there was no reason discover
able that would load to the belief that she
had committed suicide.
The body was removed to the residence
of her parents, 1345 Pierce street. Miss
Cunningham was a sister-in-law of Po
liceman J. Cullinane.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GOING !
OUT
OF BUSINESS.
CORSETS
{ AT LESS
THAN COST.
FREUD'S
CORSET HOUSE
742 and 744 Market St.
- — AND
10 Grant Avenue.
GENUINE HIGH-GRADE
Turkish, Persian
§# \ Sercbsnd,
I II! 1 Hi -^-Sliirar, Kirman,
llflO Sultanabad,
■ *■ Lahore, Khiva,
Kurdistan, Etc.
"WILL, BE SOLD
/\X AUCTION,
oine ia/eek;,
THIS DAY.
WEDNESDAY JUNE 7, 1839
At lv:30 a, m. and 2:30 p. m., at
125 GEARY STREET,
Next City of Paris.,-
Every article will be sold to the highest bid-
der, without exception.
ICT" Preparatory to the reorganization of th«
Turkish Rug Co. their renowned collection of
Extra Fine Antiques never before shown, will
be sold at this sale. Connoisseurs and hous«
builders must not fail to attend this sale.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.. Auctioneers.
' NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEAKNEY AND WASHINGTON STS.— HE-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD ™
CO. Kuropean plan. Rooms. 50c to $1 50 day:
$5 to $8 week; $8 to $30 month. Free baths: hot
and cold water every room; fire grates in ever*
room; elevator runs all night. >
\A/. X. HESS,
KOTIRT PUBLIO AND ATTOBNET-Ar LAW,
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Claus Spreckels Bid*.
Telephone Brown 931. „„„.,.
Residence. 821 California *t.. below Powe'l.
San Francisco. ■ •