VOLUME LXXXVI— NO. 131,
SHARP BATTLES WITH
FILIPINO INSURGENTS
Stubborn Resistance to the Advance
of General Schwan's Column.
Americans Sustain Con=
siderable Losses.
MANILA, Oct. B. Two columns of the American forces south of this city
moved to-day. One, under command of General Schwan. left Binacayan for
San Nicolas. This force consists of the Thirteenth Infantry, three com
panies of the Fourteenth and two gun.* of Reilly's Battery of the Fifth Artil
lery- The other column, which Is made up of a battalion of the Fourth In
fantry, left Imus to sweep along the Zapote River. Tills movement In two
directions will do much to clean out the Insurgent strongholds in the
south. The rebel leaders in that section are making strenuous efforts to
keep the American troops from moving northward.
"WASHINGTON, Oct. S.— lt is learned to-night that the offensive move
ments inaugurated in Luzon to-day are for the purpose of preventing the In
surgents from Intrenching themselves so as to embarrass the operations of the
American troops when operations of the dry season begin. Colonel Thomas
Ward, Acting Adjutant General, received a dispatch from General Otis an
nouncing the movement and stating that the columns would operate as de
scribed. There are several strong positions held and fortified by the insur
gent*, and General Schwan will capture them under the instructions given
him. It Is not Intended to occupy the country traversed and when the troops
have driven the Insurgents away from their positions and destroyed the
fortifications they will return to their present station.
NOVELETA, Island of Luzon, Oct. B.—
General Schwan's column, consist
ing of the Thirteenth Infantry, a
battalion of the Fourteenth, two
troops of cavalry, Captain Reilly's bat
' tery of the Fifth Artillery and Lowe's
scouts, advanced from Bacoor this morn
' ing and occupied Cavlte Viejo and Nove
let. ;. The American loss, was three, officers
and nine privates wounded, one of the
officers being mortally hurt. The loss of
• the enemy is unknown, but the bodies of
three Filipinos were seen.
There ere two sharp fights near Nove
lets. Lowe's scouts first encountered the
enemy near Cavite Vlejo and soon put
them to flight, continuing their advance.
Captain Saffoid's battalion of the Thir
teen ;h Regiment, with '•• companies of
the Fourteenth and a number of Tagalo
scouts. Captain McGrath commanding
the troops of the Fourth Cavalry, and
Captain Leilly's battery came upon the
i nemy in a strongly Intrenched position
on the road between Cavite Viejo and
Novelet?. A tight lasting half an hour
followed, resulting in the enemy being
driven back. The American forces sus
tained considerable losses in this engage
ment, being shot from the trenches and
shacks along the ror.d.
The column then pressed on to Nove
leta, which they found deserted, and will
remain there to-night.
The marines and naval forces co-opcr
ntcd with the troops. The gunboats
Wheeling. Petrel and Called lay off the
«no;o near. JOm ulcta and it: row phellgi into
the town and Santa Cruz for an hour,
pi'cpailns the way for the marines to
lord. Two battalions, consisting' of 430
mattnea; under Colonel Elliott^ advanced
along th<-- peninsUli' from Cavite to' Nove
l'-ta. Ihe only way was »by a n?.rrov.
rend through swamps.
A mile beyond the marines' outpost the
column was suddenly received with a vol
ley from trenches across the road. A
flank movement was executed and the in
surgents were driven from the trenches,
the m&rines wading through rice fields in
turning the flank of the enemy, who re
treated to strong sand forts across the
(reek dividing the peninsula, destroying
the bridge across the stream.
The marines waded through more rice
fields, forded the river In water to their
shoulders and carried the forts, meeting
with feeble resistance, the first encounter
having disheartened the enemy. Squads
were sent to Ncveleta and burned the
town and the huts all along the roads
from which the enemy commenced firing.
There a junction was formed with the
scouts, who had •< en sweeping the
swamps and thickets. Thence the marines
returned to Cavite. thoroughly exhausted.
Lieutenant Wynne, with a three-pound
er, did good execution during the ad
vance. General Lawton was not in per
sonal command of to-day's movements.
Captain Cowl**' battalion of the Fourth
Infantry while reconnoitering to-day
found a body of several hundred insur
gents near San Nicolas. After a brisk
fight lasting three-quarters of an hour the
enemy was driven off. In this engagement
the American casualties were four men
slightly wounded. Six of the enemy were
killed, but the number of wounded is not
known.
The bad condition of the roads made
the progress of the artillery Blow.
VESSELS FOR THE
BLOCKADE OF LUZON
WASHINGTON, Oct. Under orders
Issued by the Navy Department the cruis
er Brooklyn will sail from Hampton
Roads on Tuesday for Manila via Suez
Canal. The Nashville will leave San Juan
this week for the same destination by the
same route. The New Orlans will require
six days in which to make slight altera
tion?, and she will then proceed to join
Rear Admiral Watson. Reports received
from the auxiliary cruiser Badger show
that she is In need of considerable repairs,
and it may be considered advisable to
transfer her officers and crew to the
Ranger, just completed, and dispatch that
vessel to join the Asiatic squadron. Orders
have been telegraphed to the Boston Navy
Yard to expedite work on the gunboat
Bancroft, and she will be placed in com
mission without loss of time and sent- to
the far east. The gunboat Annapolis is
now at the Norfolk navy yard, and her
repairs will be pushed. The protected
cruiser Albany will be completed by Jan
uary 1, and orders will shortly be issued
for the preparation of her detail of officers
and crew, and they will be sent to Eng
land to take charge of the vessel, pro
ceeding at once to Manila. The gunboat
Machlas- has been ordered to Boston to
undergo repairs, and the Marietta may
be sent to Manila without making the
survey of the mouth of the Orinoco orig
inally ordered.
It is confidently expected that such a
strict blockade of Luzon will be maintained
by Rear Admiral Watson when all the
vessels of his command have reached
their destination that the Filipinos will
not be able to renew their supplies of
munitions of war and food. The blockade
which has been Instituted since the rebell
ion began has been moderately successful.
The last mall reports from Manila an
nounce the capture of three sailing ves
sels varying from twenty-four to seventy
three tons register, designated as the
Neustra Senora de Remedio, Carman
Venus and Campana. The seizures were
made by the Princeton off the coast of
Batagas. Luzon, and the owners and offi
cers of the ships were charged with illegal
practices In effecting clearances, In fal
sifying log books and engaging in illicit
trade at island ports in possession of the
Insurgents. The last advices received are
The San Francisco Call.
4- MANILA. Oct. 9, 10:25 a. m.— The
4 advance upon San Francisco de
4- Malabon is continuing;. General
4- Schwan's advance guard entered
4 Rosario this morning, meeting with
4 slight resistance.
I to the effect that General Otis appointed
in August a board of officers, consisting of
Brigadier General R. H. Hall, Lieutenant
Colonel J. A. Pope, Quartermaster Major
H. L. Haskell, Twelfth Infantry, and Cap
tain L. P. Sanders. The character of
the board's finding Is not known.
OPPOSES GROWING
WARLIKE SPIRIT
NEW YORK, Oct. Bolton Hall to
day gave out a statement concerning the
formation of a new organization 01
which 'he Is temporary secretary, which
is to be known as the American League.
The purpose of the American League is
to oppose the growing warlike spirit in
the United States. A meeting has ad
ready been held and a platform adopted.
which, first of all. reaffirms the doctrines
of the Declaration of Inaepen ien< • and
says chat others as well as the people of
the United States should come under its
benetlcenoe\ •• Its' third and last clause
say Si
"We adhere to the American Idea that
government derives its just -^ower from
the consent of ihe governed," and the
oor.ciuslon is. "We are therefore opposed
to the us.- of force in the extension of
American institutions."
Among those named by Mr. Hall as
subscribing to the principles of the league
are Carl' Schurz. Edward M. Shepard, W.
Bourke Cockran, Rev. C. H. Parkhurst,
Rev. H. Van Dyke, William Dean How
ells, Charles W. Dayton, Henry Loomis
Nelson, John Dewitt Warner, Rev. Koo
ert Collier. Rev. John W. Cbadwick,
Judge Conroy Blschoff, Ernest H. Cros
by, Samuel Gompers and Wheeler 11.
Peckham.
SCORES THE PRESIDENT
FOR PHILIPPINE POLICY
NEW YORK, Oct. B.— Robert Treat
Payne Jr., Democratic candidate for Gov
ernor, in an Interview said:
"President M. Kit, ley has shown his
hand. Neither Christianity nor morality
nor faithful adherence to tne principles
of our constitution, which he has taken
the oath to observe, seem to be dominant
' motives in extending our sovereignty
i over the Philippine islands. In one part
I of the archipelago a treaty has been made
with the Sultan of the Moros. where po
lygamy flourishes and slavery prevails,
j and it Is agreed to protect their Institu
tions and bar out Christian missionaries
from among his Mohammedan subjects.
The boy at the Latin school would call this
a declaration contrary to or without re
■ gard to fact. The thirteenth amendment
. to the constitution aeclares that slavery
shall not exist in the United States or any
place subject to their jurisdiction. Yet
here President McKinley ha 3 raised the
star spangled banner as an emblem to the
Mohammedan for protection to the harem
and the slave pen."
ENRICHED BY THE
VENEZUELAN AWARD
Mining Men Possessed of Land Once
in Dispute Offered a Vast
Sum to Sell It.
DENVER, Oct. 8.-A special to the
News fyom El Paso, Tex., says: George j
E. Fitzgerald of this city, a prominent !
mining man, to-day received an offer from
an English syndicate of £150,000 for a vast j
tract of land owned him and, two i
brothers within the present boundary lim- j '
Its of Venezuela. They Inherited the land
from their father. C. C. Fitzgerald, who
obtained it by purchase from Venezuela '
seventeen years ago. The land was in the
territory afterward claimed - by Great :
Britain, and was found to be rich in min
erals. Englishmen were operating gold '
and iron mines on the land when by the
recent decision of the boundary commis
sion it again became Venezuelan territory
and the title reverted to Fitzgerald arid I
ills two brothers, who served In the Phil
ippines as officers of the Thirteenth Mm- ,
j.esota Infantry. '
•
MANY INJURED AT A
BULLFIGHT IN FRANCE
i Animal Leaped the Barrier and
Created a Panic Among th©
Spectators.
PARIS. Oct. B.— The first attempt to
i hold a bullfight here proved a fiasco. An
immense crowd gathered about the bull
ring at Doull, near Enghlon. The first
| bull brought Into the ring was a splendid
black animal, which leaped the barrier
and created a terrible panic among the
; spectators, injuring a dozen people, some
; of them seriously. v '
The bull then escaped into the country,
I where he was pursued by matadors and
picadors and was finally dispatched: One
gendarme was tossed and gored. The
police stopped ' further proceedings and
! the ring was occupied by troops until the
crowd dispersed. •• • ~• ■ ,
SAN FRA3N CISCO, MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1899.
BRITISH CAMP AT MAFEKING
AROUSED AND GUNS UNLIMBERED
Boers Move to the Border in Large Force and Great
Britain Is Rushing Preparations for
the Coming Hostilities. :
PRESIDENT KRUGER IN THE PULPIT AT PRETORIA.
While questions of state occupy th attention of Oom Paul during the week, on Sundays he preaches to his follow
ers in the Reformed Dutch Church at the capital of the republic. This picture is reproduced from a sketch in Black
and White.'
LONDON, Oct. The important i
news from South Africa comes .
from Mafeking, where twice on
Saturday the British camp was
aroused, the men stood to their
arms, guns were limbered and patrols j
were dispatched In the direction of the I
border. No hostilities have occurred as i
yet, but the enemy has moved practically
to the border, eight miles from Mafeking,
in force estimated at least 6000, comprising
five commandos. The garrisoning and
fortifying of the town are practically
completed. The streets are barricaded
and a perfect system of mines has been
laid. Two armored trains have arrived at
Mafeking, consisting of three bullet
proof cars, the first of which carries a
searchlight, while the rest of the cars
are loopholed. Each train Is complete in i
itself and carries its own provisions. Ex
periments with lyddite in the mines prove I
that it is an extremely powerful explo- .
sive.
Colonel Robert Stephenson Smith Ba- j
den-Powell, commanding the Fifth Dra- j
goon Guards, has issued a. notice that the ;
Boers who are massed on the Natal and
Bechuanaland frontiers have orders not
to fire until the British begin, and that
the town is well prepared for eventuali
ties, but as the Boers may shell the place
every endeavor should be made to safe
guard the women and children.
An armored train was inspected at Kirn
berly Saturday. A signal station has been
erected with a conning tower at the top
130 feet above the tracks. Communication
by telephone is had with a central office
and signals are given to the troops by
flag. By this means maneuvers were suc
cessfully, conducted Saturday. The troops
number 3000, including the bicycle corps.
A train was also successfully tested at
Mafeking. It patrolled to the north and
practiced firing at targets.
A dispatch from Kirnberly to the Cape j
Argus says that 3000 Boers are encamped j
midway between Boshof and Kirnberly. |
They are well armed and great religious
fervor is shown in the camp. The Boers,
however, are chaffing under the delay.
They patrol the border nightly and have
been ordered not to permit a British uni
form to approach the frontier.
A special order gas gazetted on Satur
day announcing what British residents
would be allowed to remain in the Trans
vaal and under what conditions.
Whatever may be the result of
Great Britain's controversy with the
South African republic. every de
partment of the Government to-day Is j
as busy as though actual hostilities had J
begun. The electric flash that announced i
the mobilization of the army reserves and j
the summoning of Parliament set every
wheel of the Government machinery in
motion. An hour after the gazette ap- I
peared executive orders were being dis
patched, from the War Office to every j
section of the kingdom, and the 10,000 bul- j
letins which appeared posted throughout |
the country to-day arc said to have been j
identical with the proclamation prepared
for use had the Fashoda incident re- 1
quired such a step.
At the same time Lord Salisbury and
Mr. Balfour were issuing th© necessary
orders for the reassembling of Parlia- '
ment and the admiralty was concentrating !
its transports, twenty-four of which are I
now at Liverpool alone. So complete
were the preparations that 25,000 reserves I
have already individually received coupon
tickets, which contain instructions where
each man shall report for railway trans
portation to the place designated and a i
money order for three shillings for pro
visions en route.
At Woolwich to-day it was asserted that
95 per cent of the reserves would be fully
equipped within six days.' In the mean- j
time the members of the two. houses of ]
Parliament' are arranging to' return to
London, and a force of men is busily en- i
gaged in completing the improvements at j
Westminster.
HOSTILITIES ARE
EXPECTED THIS WEEK
LONDON, Oct. 9.— The Cape Town cor- |
respondent of the Dally Mall declares !
that the story of a Boer ultimatum de- !
manding the withdrawal of the British i
troops from the frontiers has been -pre- j
sented is without foundation, but he says :
the republics have within the past week
demanded a declaration of the British In
tentions In threatening terms. Hostilities ;
In the outlying districts, the correspond- !
ent says, are expected this week. .
Mr. Hofmeycr, the Afrikander leader in
Cape Colony, said on Friday, according'
to a correspondent of the Daily Mail, that
but for him the Boers would have been j
fighting long ago. The correspondent ]
further says: .'-The. financial position of i
the Free State. is becoming acute, and |
suspension of specie payments is ex- i
pected soon. The Free State's National
bank credit In Cape Town has been stop- |
ped. The Orange Raad, in Becret ses- I
sion,' passed a law empowering the Presi
dent to use the revenues of the State and I
to borrow money to conduct the war. |
"The Cape bank refused to honor paper i
from both republics and the Transvaal |
coinage has seriously depreciated, silver i
not being negotiable even In the Trans
vaal itself. The Pretoria mint Is. work
ing day and night minting the gold stolen
from the mall train, but Kruger gold has
been tested since the mint was opened,
and therefore the, coinage . practically
consists of expensive tokens."
, « .
STEYN HOPES FOR A
PEACEFUL SETTLEMENT
BLOEMFONTEIN, O. F. S., Oct. B.—
The correspondence between President
Steyn and, Sir Alfred Milner, British High
Commissioner in South Africa and Gover
nor of Cape Colony, has been published.
In a communication dated September 26
President Steyn pointed out that tho tone
of the British dispatches was altered and
that the Imperial Government' had de
parted from the original basis of. negotia
tions with the Transvaal. On 'his advice
the Transvaal had agreed to the holding
of an inquiry, and the Free State was
greatly disappointed that Its" efforts In
favor of a peaceful solution had not
availed. "-■ ''■■■■
The Free State, Mr. Steyn said, was
still prepared to tender its services to pro
cure a solution of the difficulties on fair
and reasonable lines. It felt hampered,
however, by want of knowledge of the
definite object and the extent of the de
sires or demands of the Imperial Govern
ment, • compliance with which the Gov
ernment considers itself entitled to Insist
upon, and the grounds upon j which such
insistence were based; and further by the
fact that notwithstanding repeated assur
ances that the Imperial Government does
not wish to interfere with the internal
affairs of the Transvaal or to disturb its
independence it has pursued a policy
justifying contrary conclusions.
The Free State, says Mr. Steyn, cannot
conceive it possible that a difference re
garding the franchise or representation
can justify the extensive- and ever-in
creasing military preparations being
made upon the borders not only of the
Transvaal but also upon those of the Free
j State, and is therefore reluctantly com
| pelled to conclude that they must be in
: tended to secure objects, a knowledge of
' which might induce the Free State to
; make representations to secure their at
! tainment.
In conclusion President Steyn says he
! trusts the Imperial Government may see
j its way clear, pending further negotia
j tions, to stop further movements for the
. increase of troops, and that he would be
glad to be favored with the views of the
, Imperial Government regarding tho pre
! else nature and scope of the concessions
or measures: which it suggests as neces
. sary or sufficient to secure satisfaction and
permanent solution of the existing differ
! ences. '. ': 'vV.;;,'.: ".
! On October 1 President Steyn informed
, Sir Alfred Mllner that he deemed It ad
j visable. in order. to allay the intense ex
citement of the burghers arising from the
continued increase and ■' movements of
troops, to summon the burghers, and he
repeats his offer of aid in securing a
friendly settlement. -
Replying on the same date, Sir . Alfred
Mllner expresses regret at the calling out
of the burghers and refers to the mobili
zation of the Transvaal forces on the i
Natal border as indicating the intention
to Immediately invade the Queen's do
minion.
President Steyn on the same date ex
pressed his conviction that the action of
the Transvaal is only the natural result
of the continued Increase of the British
force and the movement In the direction
of the Transvaal border. Sir Alfred Mil
ner replied on October A that all the move
ments of the troops were necessitated by
the natural alarm felt by the Inhabitants
of the exposed districts and declared that
these movements were not comparable in
magnitude' with the recent massing of
armed Transvaal forces on the borders of
Natal. -•;••-: ; -. :,";?:' .
President Steyn, replying on October 3,
says he does not consider that there are
even fair grounds for the movement of
the British troops, and .he believes the
increasing military preparations retarded
the efforts of himself and all those who
were sincerely working to maintain peace
and effect a fair settlement. He wished
to place on record his earnest conviction
that on those In authority who introduced
the military element and who had since
continued a policy of menace and inter
vention will rest ■ the responsibility
should all efforts fall to secure peace and
an honorable settlement. He further says
he cannot but recognize the fact that in
view of the action of the British authori
ties the Transvaal Government cannot be
blamed for acting as it has done, and he
is the more confirmed in this view by the|
fact that while he is still without a replyl
to his communication of September 27 thel
reasonable requests contained therein to
stay the Increase' and movement of troops
which probably would have prevented the
calling out/of the burghers in the repub
lics has not only been \ ignored but the
activity In military preparations and the
Continued on Second Page.
MANIFOLD USES FOR
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY
Among Other Marvelous Achieve 3
ments Marconi Announces That
He Can Send Pictures by
the System.
"Could wireless telegraphy be applied to the sending of
pictures?"
"Certainly. Given time sufficient for the installation of
plants, 1 would guarantee to transmit through the air a picture,
perfect in outlines, of the finish between the Shamrock and
-oiumbia-" — Extract from an interview with Signor Marconi.
NEW YORK. Oct. R.— Wireless teleg
raphy is destined to play an im
portant part in every day life of
the future. This is the consensus
of expert opinion as gathered by
the Herald from many leading
electricians, including Thomas A. Edison
and Signor Marconi. Unable to supersede
telegraphy by wire or submarine cable,
since there can be no general guarantee
of secrecy for dispatches and operations
are at present limited to short distances,
the wireless system will yet occupy a field
which these other methods ot transmis
sion by electricity cannot fill.
For communication between ships at
sea, especially when in distress, and be
tween ship and the shore, to transmit
news or give warnings, wireless telegra
phy is likely to prove one of humanity's
greatest boons. When ordinary tele
graphic communication has been lost as
the result of storm, the wireless system
may be of important use as a temporary
substitute. Military and naval authori
ties hold that the new system will be an
important factor in future operations. In
directing the movements of a scattered
squadron, when ordinary signaling is im
practicable, to communicate between
forces in the field when miles apart—
these are very obvious uses.
"He succeeded where I failed." This is
the tribute paid to Signor Marconi by
Thomas A. Edison. Edison was inter
viewed to-day at his home in Llewellan
Park, and he consented to talk about
wireless telegraphy. Edison said:
"There is certainly a great future ahead
of it. What that future may be no one
can say. It would seem as if we were
approaching the limit, but, then, so it was
thought a long time ago. Marconi has
proved that the electrical waves can be
jumped around the curvature of the earth
and this has heretofore been an insupera
ble obstacle. With this accomplished,
there Is apparently no end to the dis
tances that can be overcome. So far it
seems as if about 200 miles was the limit,
but yet even this distance may be as
nothing in the future."
- "Is the system a new one, or is It only
an adaptation of" old principles?"
"The idea is not new, and others have
been experimenting along the line. I had
patents out on this line long before we
heard of Marconi. I tried the experiment
at Menlo years ago and kept at it for a
long time, but I could not get over the
obstacle of the curvature of the earth.
and about two miles was the limit that
I could reach. Telegraphing from mov
ing trains was In line of my invention,
but I and all others ran up against ob
stacles that could not be overcome."
"What is your estimate of the practical
value of the invention?"
"Well, It will prove of great value in
a maritime direction, but I cannot say
that as at present developed it will be of
much value in land operations. The sys
tem can bo made of great practical use
in sea service by stationing vessels or
tugs a certain number of miles apart, but
near enough to each other to come within
the sphere of electrical Influence. In this
way lines of communication could be es
tablished for a thousand miles or more.
Islands could be connected in this way,
or perhaps groups of such Islands brought
Into close communication with each other.
It Is possible that some valuable use
might be made of the system on land, and
indeed some time ago in maneuvers of the
British army and fleet the wireless sys
tem worked well. Possibly the use of
aeroplane kites in connection with the
system may be found to have a practical
value. All this is yet to be developed."
"Are you working at all on this line?"
the Inventor was asked.
"No," he replied. "I gave the whole
thing up years ago and have dismissed it
from my mind. Perhaps one of these days
I may take It up again, but that is a con
tingency too remote to speak of."
Signor Marconi said to-day:
"Two years ago one of the most learned
electricians in all England said that be
yond a distance of half a mile wireless
signals could not be exchanged. At that
time I had been successful at a greater
distance, but I was then of the opinion
that the limit would be about ten miles.
Now we are operating between stations
one hundred and ten miles apart. In the
very near future I will have ready what
Is knewn as the deflector. It has already
been perfected, but for personal reasons
I have not yet given It to the public. By
means of the deflector ships will be able
CHIEF OF POLICE KILLS
A BURGLAR AT ALAMEDA
Desperate Melee Between Officers and three
k Thieves— Conrade and Hadley Were
Wounded— One Arrest Made.
cjj^ LAMED A, Oct. 8.-Chief of Police
II Conrade shot and killed one of
ALAMEDA, Oct. that attempted to
Conrade shot and killed one of
three burglars that attempted to
U loot A. O. Gott's jewelry store
to-night. The fatal shooting oc
curred at the corner of Twentieth avenue
and Waller streets, at midnight.
Officer Hadley found three burglars
; about 11:45 engaged in robbing the store.
| One of the men fired at him, hitting him
!in the hand. Hadley returned the shot,
I and a number of officers running up, a
I general melee followed, In which bullets
! flew thick and fast.
I Chief of Police Conrade, lying in wait
j for the burglars, was discovered by them,
and fired upon, one of the shots hitting
j him in the neck. He plucklly returned
j the fire, as' it proved, with telling effect,
: killing one of the robbers outright.
On the body of the man. who appeared
to be about 24 years old, were found some
trinkets and valuables. After considera
ble search another of the trio was found
hiding under a bush on Clinton avenue.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
to make their way through fog or storm
to safety.
"In England the lighthouses are already
using wireless telegraphy. My plan is to
have all ships equipped with signaling
machines and deflectors. It will then be
possible to send signaling currents all in
one direction instead of broadcast, as is
now done. The deflectors will be revolved
about the mast, and as the currents reach
the point from which they are sent to the
receiver an indicator will ring and the
pilot> may steer his vessel along a safe
course, being guided by signals from
shore."
Signor Marconi was asked whether he
had any knowledge of the telediagraph In
vention which is being used by the Her
ald to send and receive pictures by wire.
"Oh, yes," he said, "I have given it
some study, and it is in its way a won
der. Like wireless telegraphy, it has yet
to be brought to its fullest perfection, but
even now it is capable of great practical
results."
"Could wireless telegraphy be applied
to the sending of pictures?"
"Certainly. Given time sufficient for the
installation of plants, I would guarantee
to transmit through the air a picture per
fect in outlines of the finish between the
Shamrock and Columbia."
WASHINGTON, Oct. B.— is . under
stood that the cruiser New York and bat
tleship Texas will be equipped with in
struments and a shore station will be es
tablishced at Atlantic Highlands. Ex
periments have already been made by the
life-saving service, but the result has not
been decisive. If satisfactory, life-saving
stations and lighthouses will probably be
equipped with the instruments.
The experiments to be made by the
army and navy will be exhaustive. To
quote officials, the yacht race reports have
shown that the system is practicable for
general operation at sea. It only re
mains to prove whether it will be satis
factory for naval and military purposes.
If a success it will be adopted by the
navy, and the army in the Philippines will
be equipped with instruments. The light
house and life-saving services would also
adopt it, and merchantmen will be ad
vised to equip their ships in order that
they may communicate with shore in case
of disaster.
Naval experiments will be made under
the general direction of Rear Admiral
Farquhar, who will succeed Rear Admiral
Sampson in command of the North Atlan
tic squadron. Officers now witnessing the
operations of the system in connection
with the yacht races will conduct experi
ments at sea. Speaking of the matter to
day Admiral Bradford said:
"There is no question of its prospectve
value. I am not yet prepared, however,
to say how great that value will be. Offi
cers whO are witnessing the present trials
have not submitted their reports."
Colonel James Allen, acting chief signal
officer of the army, states that the two
automobiles recently bought will De used
in the army experiments. Small balloons
and kites will be employed and their use
may increase the distance over which a
message can be sent. He said:
"The value of wireless telegraphy in
creases with distance. Thus, if a message
can be sent fifty miles and given a value,
for instance, of two, its dispatch over
one hundred miles would make the sys
tem worth four. Should the system op
erate satisfactorily over one hundred
miles communication by wireless teleg
raphy could be maintained between Key
West and Cuba, between the islands of
the Hawaiian group and between some
of the .islands of the Philippine archi
pelago. The best results with the system
have thus far been obtained over water.
No satisfactory results have been secured
over a wooded country. Naturally we
are hopeful that the experiments will
show that the system can be operated
on land. It will then be highly valuable
in maintaining communication between
operating columns, between such columns
and their base and between the besieged
and their friends. In case the system
proves successful Instruments and the
necesary appliances will be sent to Ma
nila."
chief Moore of the Weather Bureau is
another Government official who is watch
ing the experiments with wireless teleg
raphy with much interest. Officials of the
bureau look forward to the possible use
of the invention in gathering Information
regarding the weather and sending out
forecasts and storm warnings.
A complete set of burglars' tools was
found In his possession. H*"is a power
fully built man and appears' a hardened
criminal. -v?fc' -\
The citizens of Alameda are rendering
effective aid to the police, in the hope of
finding the third man. The town is In
great excitement and armed men are pa
trolling the streets.
H. O. Tenney, who -rooms above the
jewelry store, was the first to notify the
police.
Explosion on a Launch.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla.. * Oct. B.— The
naphtha launch Idlewild, belonging to
Alexander Uedemann, exploded at the
mouth of the St. Johns River to-night and
catching fire was totally consumed. Uede
mann is supposed to have been drowned.
W. White, one of the party, was badly
burned about the face and head. Ed
Uedemann is also burned, but not seri
ously. ;' i-2
BOY WHO TRIED TO
MURDER HIS PLAYMATES
Twelve- Year-Old Louis Ragio About to Be
Tried at Salinas on Several
Serious Charges.
SALINAS, Oct. B.— There is no doubt
now but what Louis Ragio.. the. .-
ear-old son of Philip Hapio r,f Santa
Rita, a small town east of • this city,
Is the worst boy In this pari of thi State.
For a long time Ragio has been called
"the terror of Santa Rita," but now the
terror of Monterey County Is by far a
more befitting title.
Rag although young In years, is old
In crime, his latest offense being horse
stealing. This crime, added to that of at
tempting to murder three little mates
and various other offenses, if all are
brought to trial, will cause the lad a long
term of punishment.
On May 2 three small boys were playing
near their homes in Santa Rita. Ragio
joined them, whereupon the bids, who
had been forbidden by their parents to
r.ssoriate with him, asked that he leave,
telling the reason. Ragio insisted, and
the boys as vehemently objected, where
upon the bad boy said, "I'll fix you." and
going to his own home he secured his
father's shotgun, loaded 11 with birdshot
and approaching within about fifty feet
of the boys fired. The shot took effect In
all three, but, fortunately, the injured
ads recovered.
Rapio was captured, taken into court
and placed under heavy bonds. Ills case
has been postponed on various occasions,
and the other day it coming to the boy's
ears thai he would soon be brought into
court he attempted to jump his bail and
escape. He stole a horse and with it
reached Aromas, where he was captured.
He Is now lodged In the County Jail and
various charges will be placed against
him. The charge of having tried to take
the life of his playmates is to come up
this week.
Eouis Ragio Is a half-breed Mexican and
Indian. His father has been In numerous
Fc:apes and lias served time in State
prison. Evidently bad blood will show
up despite all attempts to keep It hidden.
JOSEPH MARTELLA
HAS DISAPPEARED
Many Believe Rancher
Was Murdered.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
POINT REYES STATION, Oct. B.— The
name of Joseph Martella, a prominent
rancher and politician of this place, has
been added to the long list of those who
suddenly disappeared. Martella has been
missing since last Monday under peculiar
circumstances, leaving his friends in
doubt whether he has gone of ' his own
accord, committed suicide or was mur
dered.
The missing rancher owns 2000 acres of
land In this vicinity and is reputed to be
very wealthy. He has always taken a
keen Interest in politics i nd far years has
attended the Democratic county conven
tions as a delegate. It is alleged that for
some time he has had a good deal of
trouble with his wife and consequently
has been In a gloomy frame of mind.
Last Monday Martella went to San Ra
fael, taking with him considerable coin,
and consulted an attorney as regards
■winding up his financial affairs. No defin
ite agreement was reached, but from thai
day to this nothing has been seen or
heard from the rancher. The affair was
reported to the, authorities to-day, and a
deputy sheriff will arrive to-morrow to
make an Investigation.
Few Incline to the suicide theory, and
fewer to the belief that Martella has
"skipped," as no disposition has been
made of his property. The authoiities
generally are favorable to the murder
theory on account' of die money the
rancher had on his person when he dis
appeared.
TRIAL OF GAMBLERS
ON THE GEORGEANNA
Criminals Who Robbed Passengers
on the Boat During the Yacht
Race Held.
NEW YORK. Oct. B.— The thirteen men
alleged to have been participants in the
riot which occurred Saturday aboard the
Philadelphia steamer Georgeanna, were
arraigned to-day before a city magistrate.
Captain C. A. Norton of Hartford.
Conn., who organised the committee of
passengers which took possession of the
steamboat and held the gang of gamb
lers and blacklegs at bay until the boat
reached her pier, was present to prose
cute the men who had stabbed at him
and threatened to throw him overboard.
With him were several other, passengers.
The prisoners were Captain Alexander
Sterlck of the Georgeanna; his pilots
Henry B. Post and Daniel Brown, and
Charles Berry, who had chartered the
boat and the other alleged gamblers, Ed
ward P. Sherman, Prank Jones, John
Wills, George Lyons, Charles Valdwln,
William Sims. William H. Cutler, Robert
Stone and James Martin.
The evidence against Berry, described
as the ringleader of the gang, showed that
Berry was a desperate character and that
he had slashed captain Norton's coat
with a knife in an effort to stab him
Berry was held In $2000 for further exam
ination on Wednesday. Sherman, charged
with splitting open the scalp of Peter Per
due, was held In $1000 ball for examination
on the same day.
Captain Norton's testimony, which was
corroborated by the other witnesses, sat
isfied the magistrate that Captain Sterick
was aware that the boat had been chart
ered by gamblers and t...it he was under
their orders. Norton testified that the
captain told him he could go only where
the men running the far... roulette, wheels
of fortune and dice games In the different
parts of tho boat wanted him. The pris
oner, however, when questioned, denied
any knowledge of the gambling. He was
fined $10, and as the witnesses all say
that the pilots had behaved themselves
during the excitement they were dis
charged. On complaint of a 'civil and me
chanical engineer, Sterick, Brown and
Post would be arrested for taking the
ship out to sea without a license.
During the examination it was testified
that the gamblers forcibly robbed pas
sengers of their watches, Jewelry and
pocketbooks and escaped before the police
boat came alongside.
Train Bobber Convicted.
RATON, N. M., Oct. William H. Mc-
Ginnls, the train robber, who has been
on trial the past week for the murder of
Sheriff Edward Parr of Walsenburg
Colo., was found guilty of murder In the
second degree.
Pears'
Do you know the
most luxurious bath
in the world ?
Have you used
Pears' Soap?
LOUIS RAGIO. the Bad Boy of
Santa Rita.
RODE THE CREST
OF A TIDAL WAVE
Trying Experience of the
General Siglin.
Fecial Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Oct.' B.— lt is not given to
many men to ride a terrific tidal wave
of an earthquake in a 100-ton schooner
and live to tell the story, much less is it
given to them to secure kodak pictures
of the resistless, on-rushing wall of water
as 11 sweeps down upon them, yet M. D.
Balsar of Tacoma has done both.
Balsar arrived yesterday. It was on his
return from Cook Inlet in September that
be encountered a tidal wave caused by
an Alaska earthquake. With thirty-six
others he took passage from Cook Inlet
on the schooner General Siglln. They were
about twenty-five miles off shore from
Cape Elizabeth at noon of September 9.
The day was beautiful and the surface of
the -■ a was smooth and unruffled, when
suddenly a gigantic wave, swelled up, ap
parently from beneath the vessel, and the
calm waters were Instantly lashed into a
yeast of foaming crests. While the start
led passengers were watching the heaving
waters one of them uttered a startled cry
and pointed eastward toward the shore.
Everybody looked and saw a tremendous
wave fully fifty feet high sweeping down
upon them with inconceivable rapidity.
Balsar seized his kodak and took a hasty
snap-shot at it, but the vessel had al
ready felt the influence of the wave and
pitched over on her side, thus In a meas
ure spoiling the picture.
The next Instant the schooner was lifted
and to the startled passengers it seemed
as though they had commenced a trip to
the sun. An instant later and they were
sinking again, down deep into the caver
nous Jaw of the waters. The rolling of
the ship was frightful and all the passen
gers were compelled to seek refuge In
their cabins, although the captain bravely
stood at the wheel. One moment the ves
sel would be lying on her beam ends, the
next the bowsprit would make a sudden
dive toward the bottom and the next the
taffrall would be taking a hath. Many
passengers thought their last hour had
come. Some prayed, other stoically await
ed their fate
The huge tidal wave was quickly fol
lowed by others from shoreward. Tho
Siglln pitched and tossed all the after
noon, but manged to ride them safely.
The churning of the water continued until
after sundown. 'When darkness came on
a storm sprang up and the barometer fell
two points. All sails were reefed and
through the night high seas kept running.
This continued until 11 o'clock the next
day. when the wind subsided and the best
kind of weather was thereafter experi
enced to Puget Sound. Though knowing
nothing of the earthquake on shore the
passengers believed the tidal wave had
been caused by seismic disturbances.
BOSTON SWELL CLUB
RAIDED BY POLICE
Millionaires of the Hub Taken to
Prison for Taking Part in a
Game of Poker.
BOSTON, Oct. The Oxford Club, j
formerly the Suffolk Club, a well-known j
social organization, wan raided at mid
night Saturday and thirty-six of Boston's
wealthiest and most prominent citizens
were arrested on the charges of gambling
and being present where gambling was In ;
progress. The majority of these men
are millionaires, and there Is the greatest
excitement to-day because of the strenu
ous efforts being made to keep the affair I
from becoming public.
A steep game of poker was In progress ;
and $4000 in chips were seized. • The men j
arrested were taken to the station and
gave assumed names. They depostied '
cash ball and were all released. None of
them will appear in court to-morrow, i
their bail will be forfeited and the case j
will be hushed up completely, as there
seems no doubt that sufficient influence
can be brought to bear to prevent prose
cution by default. If this cannot be done
there will be an exodus of leading Bos
tonians for fall pleasure resorts. The cli
max to the sensation, however, is the an
nouncement that a former prominent and
wealthy citizen of Boston committed sui
cide a few days ago because he lost the
last remnant of his fortune, $7000, In this
same club only a few days ago.
Cannot Find Wright.
LARKSPUR, Oct. B.— C. W. Wright,
president of the local water company, has j
been playing at hide-and-seek with a j
Dumber of Deputy Sheriffs, and their ef
forts to hold a brief conference with him
have resulted in naught. The Intention
of the oillcers is to serve a writ of man
date Issued by Judge Angelottl, ordering
Wright to supply Mrs. Kate G. Record
with water. The water has not yet been
turned oh, anu Wright evades service to
that end; but Deputy Sheriff Lucas In
tends to take the early train to-morrow
and keep Wright In his house all day or
serve the writ.
Txr^n+o^ fm- n™.-, A T -
RANDSBURG, Oct. 8.-Swaln Steven
son was arrested this morning on a tele
graphic warrant from Sheriff Borgwardt
on a charge of grand larceny. The tele
gram instructed Constable Kelley, the ar
resting officer, to hold ' him, as he is
wanted very badly by Sheriff Parker of
Tulare County.
THE SAjS FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 9. 1899.
BRYAN WILL BE
THE NOMINEE
Statement of Senator J.
K. Jones.
♦ ■
DISCUSSES THE SITUATION
♦
THINKS DEMOCRACY WILL OP
POSE IMPERIALISM.
« ;
Declares That the Present Prosper
ity Has in No Wise Affected
the Farming and Labor
ing Classes.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Oct. B.— The Tribune
says: Word came to local Demo
cratic circles to-day that if Chair
man Jones of the Democratic Na
tional Committee could have his
way Chicago would not be the
headquarters of that committee
pending or after th.- national con
tention. The report is that Chair
man Jones wants to take the head
quarters to Washington and the
general idea is that he will, do as
he pleases about It. The reason
given for selecting Washington for
the home of the committee is that
its work can be more easily accom
plished at the nation's capital.
NEW YORK. Oct. B.— United States
Senator James K. Jones of Arkansas,
chairman of the National Democratic
Committee, and wife were passengers on
the Cunard liner Lucania, that reached
New York City to-day. They have been
traveling in England, Ireland, Scotland,
Switzerland and Wales for several
months. Senator Jones said he had been
greatly improved by his travels, and felt
able to go into the work necessary in get
ting ready for the Pres.dentlal campaign.
Senator Jones, when asked to give his
views on the political 'situation, said that
owing to his long absence abroad he was
not as fully informed as to political con
ditions as he hoped to be in a lew weeks.
When asked his opinion as to the proba
bility of the Democratic nomination for
the Presidency going to W. J. Bryan he
said: • '"■' '- '--■-■
"There is no doubt that Bryan will re
ceive the Democratic nomination for Pres
ident," and added, "has anybody any
doubt on that question? Bryan is sure to
j win." ■■'•'■■'■ ' : ','''-''
On the attitude of Richard Croker as to
the nomination of Bryan for President,
Senator Jones had little to say, merely re
plying to a direct question: "Croker is al
ready in line."
As to the possible outcome of the na
tional campaign of 1900, Senator Jones said
he believed that the free silver idea would
have a greater following than in the cam
paign of 1896. He based this assertion on
the tact that the Democratic party would
receive support in 1900 from a new source.
"In 1896," he said, "there were many
Republicans and others who believed that
when the Republican party declared for
bimetallism the declaration was made in
all sincerity. These men now doubt the
sincerity of that plank of the Republican
platform."
When asked what effect he thought the
I apparent prosperity in the Western States
would have on Democratic Issues, Sen
ator Jones said:
"Yes, I know they say at Washington
; that the country is in a highly prosperous
\ condition, and perhaps that is correct
from certain standpoints. But I cannot
Bee that there Is any great material pros
perity among the agricultural and simi
lar classes. It does not appear to have
affected the farmer, nor has it done much
as yet for the laboring man in general.
Cotton and wheat have not made any ad
i vance to speak of in price. That argu
ment can be readily answered when the
time comes. Of course, there has been
; an increase in the output of gold, and
that Is bound to affect politics In some de
: gree, greater or less. But that is only
! a proof of the arguments advanced by us
in 1896, that what the country needed was
a greater volume of money in circulation."
When asked what effect he thought the
alleged prosperity would have on the vot
ers- in general, he said, in emphatic tones:
I "It will affect only those men who are
very narrow in their political and social
views. That voter It will influence, but
; In reality It will be an argument in favor
of our party."
He said that It was his opinion that the
opposing Presidential, candidate in 1900
would be President McKlnley. The Demo
cratic platform, he declared, would be
launched In that year on comparatively
the same basis and contain essentially the
same planks as In 1896. The party would
i declare for free silver at the same ratio,
j and he thought about the only addition
I to or change in the party platform of any
; moment would be a plank relative to antl
i Imperialism. That, he asserted, would un
i doubtedly be one of the Important issues
;In the campaign. He refused to discuss
, the matter any more than to say, with a
I wave of the hand, "Everybody knows
! what Imperialism means. The question
1 under discussion means Just the reverse."
During the afternoon and evening sev-
I eral men prominent In public life called
;on Senator Jones. Among them was
George Frederick Williams of Massachu
setts, and it Is presumed there was a con
ference over political matters and plans
! for the coming campaign.
STRUCK A YOUNG
LADY IN THE FACE
De Los Noble Roughly Handled by
an Infuriated Mob in
Sausalito.
SAUSALITO, Oct. 8.-De Los Noble, a
member of the local brass band, was
nearly beaten to death to-day by a crowd
of Infuriated citizens because of a
cowardly and brutal assault made by him
on a respectable young lady. He was
sneaked out of the crowd by several of
his friends, who succeeded In securing his
release by strategy and hurried him
away in time to save his life.
Noble had just come off the steamer
San Rafael, which had been on an ex
cursion around the bay, when he met
Miss Vlera. the sister of Fireman Manuel
Vlera, and struck her a powerful blow
In the face, knocking the girl to the
floor. Cornelius Mahar, the nearest wit
ness, promptly felled Noble, and a crowd
rushed In with shouts of "kill him,"
"lynch the coward," and buffeted Noble
around for several minutes before he was
torn away and carried off in a bloody
and semi-conscious condition by a few
of the cooler heads. Manuel Vlera tried
to brain Noble, but was restralnd.
It Is alleged by her relatives that
Noble's assault was due to the young
lady refusing to keep company with him
longer for good reasons. Noble was per
fectly sober when he committed the deed.
More trouble is expected over the affair.
MINNESOTANS RECEIVED.
TACOMA, Oct, B.— Seven hundredl
soldiers of the Thirteenth Mlnnesotal
Regiment were the guests of Tacoma thlsl
afternoon and received a most enthusi-H
astlc reception. The regiment arrived in
two sections of a special train and was
greeted at the depot by many thousands
of people. A parade then took place and
the local companies of the National
Guard, together with the Tacoma mili
tary band, the Delano Drum corps and
the G. A. R., acted as escort to the !
visitors. A fine banquet was served by
the Red Cross Society, and the soldiers
were taken in charge by the citizens'
committee and given the freedom of the
city. During the afternoon they visited
the many points of Interest in this vi
cinity, and on all sides spoke highly of
the reception accorded them. Many of
the officers and men were the guests of
former Mlnnesotans, who now reside
here. The regiment left at 7 o'clock for
Spokane over the Northern Pacific, where
It will be entertained to-morrow.
■ m »
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund tbe money If it falls to cure.
£1. W. Grove' ■ signature Is on each box. Me
WILL DISCUSS
WORLD'S TRADE
International Congress
to Meet.
MANY NATIONS REPRESENTED
«
DIPLOMATIC CORPS AT WASH
INGTON TO ATTEND.
♦
Assistant Secretary of State Will Be
the Presiding Officer and Dele
gates From Manila Will
Speak.
■
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 8.--The Inter
national Congress, composed of delegates i
from most of the civilized governments
of the world and representatives from the I
most Important Chambers of Commerce I
of all trade centers, will convene In the !
auditorium of the National Export Expo- i
sition building here on Thursday next. |
Assistant Secretary of State David J. j
Hill will preside at the opening cere-]
monies, whit will begin at half-past 2|
o'clock. Mr. Hill will deliver an address
of welcome to the foreign delegates. The
full diplomatic corps at Washington will
be present to give eclat to the occasion,
and several members of the Cabinet will
accompany Mr. Hill and take part In the
day's exercises. The address of the as
sistant Secretary wiil be followed by a
speech by Mayor Ashbridge of this city,
who will welcome the members of the
congress to this city and extend to them
the courtesies of the municipality. In the
morning, prior to the assembling of the
congress, a reception will be held at tne
City Hall to the delegates and dignitaries
gathered to participate In the opening
exercises, which will be of an elaborate
character and be attended by the leading
citizens of Philadelphia. At the audito
rium, upon the conclusion of Mayor Ash
bridge's address, Mr. Charles H. Cramp,
president of the Philadelphia Commercial
Museum, will formally open the proceed
ings in an address explaining the nurpose
and scope of the congress. His address
will be followed by a speech by Director
W. P. Wilson, who will enter into a gen
eral announcement of the details of the
future meetings of the international gath- i
ering. President McKlnley, who will be i
detained at Chicago on account of his
previous engagement in that city, will.
however, personally participate in the i
opening of the congress by sending im- j
mediately upon the conclusion of the
other proceedings of the day a message i
announcing the sympathy of the United
States in the movement and extending on
behalf of the Government from Its ex
ecutive head a cordial greeting to the
delegates.
Curiously enough, among the delegates
at the opening of the congress will be a
large number of representatives from
Spain, and one of the most interesting
figures among the delegates will be the
president of the Chamber of Commerce
of Manila. The congress will enter Into
a general discussion of the world's trade
with a view of making suggestions for
the regulation of foreign commerce in
such a way as to provide for its greatest
development consistent with native in
terest. The following general scope of
the discussions will convey a fair idea
of the purposes of the convention:
Foreign trade In general, Including
questions of the establishment for inter
national arbitration from a commercial
standpoint and the establishment of in
ternational boards of arbitration for the
settlement of 'trade disputes. The ad-'
vantages of an extension of International ;
post facilities. The discussion of the |
interoceanic canal projects and the ad- i
vantage 10. all nations of an Isthmian
canal. International banking and cur
rency, including International banking In
Its relation to trade and the need of in- I
ternational laws concerning bankruptcy,
patents and trade, marks. A discussion
.of the new spheres of influence of the
United States suggested by the results i
of our recent war with Spain. Also in
quiries into the future of the British
West Indies and the application of the
Monroe doctrine to American republics.
The question of an open door policy In
China, of the South African situation, of
tariff policies, of shipping subsidies, of
trade prospects and the commercial out
look for the coming century will be the
features of the meetings.
The deliberations of the congress will
be In English, but no modern languages '
will be excluded. The congress will be j
absolutely disinterested, and the dis- I
cussions will be entirely free and un- j
checked.
BRITISH CAMP AT
MAFEKING AROUSED AND
GUNS UNLIMBERED
Continued from Ilrst Pace.
dispatch of troops was proceeding more
persistently than ever. He concluded
thus:
"I feel deeply Impressed with the danger I
of delay and urge the need of Immediate ,
action. If further attempts are to be
made to secure a peaceful solution, once '
again tender my best services toward the
attainment of that object, but I fear these j
will be useless if they are not accom
panied with or preceded by the assurance ;
requested in mine of September 27."
PROMINENT MEN WHO
FAVOR MEDIATION
NEW YORK, Oct. Among to-day's |
signers to the petition to President Mc- !
Klnley urging him to offer the friendly |
services of the United States in mediation |
between Great Britain and the republics
of the Transvaal and the Orange Free
State were Governor Tyler of Virginia; I
Joel Benton, the author; William Goebel. j
Democratic candidate for Governor of
Kentucky; Booker T. Washington, four !
Justices of the Supreme Court of Michi- j
gan, C. B. Grant, C. D. Long. F. A. Hook- j
er and J. B. Moore; Chief Justice Peters
of Maine, Chief Justice Blodgett of New
Hampshire, Chief Justice - Cartwrlght of;
Illinois, Henry L. Nelson, editor of Har- |
per's Weekly, and Attorney General Mon- j
nett of Ohio.
The mass meeting to express sympathy |
for the Boers, which will be held at Car
negie Hall on Wednesday evening, has
among Its vice presidents thirteen Gov- |
ernors of States, twenty-six Congressmen, !
six United Stales Senators, twelve Judges, j
twelve clergymen and over two hundred j
bankers and influential business men.
Bourke Cockran will be the orator of the
evening. __^___________
FUNERAL OF THE LATE
ATTORNEY WILKINS
Out of Respect to His Memory
Courts Will Be Adjourned
for a Day.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. B.— The funeral of
Attorney Hepburn Wllkins, which was of
a strictly private nature. In accordance
with family precedent, occurred this aft
ernoon at 1:30 o'clock from the late resi
dence of the deceased on Fifth avenue.
The sermon was preached by Rev. Dr.
Wyllis Hall, the local Episcopal minister.
Those who officiated as pallbearers
were: Judge Henshaw, Judge Morrow,
Judge Angellotti. A. W. Foster, John F.
Boyd and James Tunstead.
Out of respect to the memory of the de
ceased lawyer many flags were displayed
in town at half mast. At a meeting of the
San Rafael Bar Association, held last Fri
day in the chambers of Judge Angellotti.
a resolution of respect to the memory of
the deceased and of condolence to his rel-
i atives was adopted and will be presented
j in the Superior Court to-morrow by ex-
Judge Marion, after which court will be
j adjourned for a day.
COVERED WITH A PISTOL,
JOCKEY WINS THE RACE
Backers of a Mare Take Effective Steps
to Prevent the Boy From Throw
ing the Contest,
GRIDLEY Cal., Oct. B.— With a cocked .revolver pointed straight at his
head and following his every move. Jockey Norman Breedin literally ' rode
for his life" to-day, and on George Brown's mare Flora B passed under -the
wire a winner in one of the most sensational horse races probably ever wit
nessed on a track. : : IV a ii". »
The revolver which so effectually aided In the determination of the race
was held by one of the backers of the mare. Shortly before the horses went
to the post'lt was rumored that Breedin had been paid to throw the race. One
of the men who had bet on Flora B, just as the boy got into the saddle,
significantly informed him that he had better ride to win. Another man, who
also had placed his money on the mare, took his position at the turn where,
as Breedin flashed by, he displayed a gun. As the jockey came into the
stretch he was covered by a revolver, pointed by a third backer of Flora B.
Immediately the boy went to work on his mount with whip and heels with
such good effect that the mare passed under the wire well in the lead of
the two other horses that took part In the running.
About $600 changed hands on the race.
STATE SWEPT
BY A HOT WAVE
No Damage to Crops Is
Anticipated.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. B.— Sacramento to
day received its share of the hot wave
that rolled over the State. But the heat
was not distressing by any means. The
mercury rose to 94 degrees, but a brisk
breeze prevailed from the north, and the
atmosphere was so dry as not to be at all
oppressive. The wind was probably not
hot enough to injure fruit. To-night the
wind is cool and the weather delightful.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. B.— To-day has
been one of the hottest days ever experi
enced here at this season. The thermom
eter registered 100 degrees at 12 o'clock.
High winds have prevailed in the desert
region of Southern California. The heat
will do damage to crops.
SAN DIEGO. Oct. B— This was the
warmest October day In San Diego for |
twenty-seven years. At 3:15 this after
noon the mercury registered 92 degrees.
At 5 o'clock it had fallen to 82.
SAN JOSE, Oct. The hottest weather
of the season was that experienced to
day. The thermometer reached 94 and 9o i
in the sha^e. No damage will result to
the grapes unless the intense heat con
tinues for several days. The heat was
probably made more intense by the big i
forest fires in the mountains and the j
smoke.
MONTEREY. Oct. B.— To-day has been
one of the hottest ever known in this vi- I
cinity, the ,mercury registering as high
as SI degrees in the shade at noon. In
Corrale de Tarra and outlying districts
the heat was considerably greater than
here and in Pacific Grove, owing to the
forest fires in the adjacent mountains.
SONOMA, Oct. To-day has been the
hottest ever known In this valley. Ther- '
mometers in business houses and private
residences registered this afternoon be
tween 108 and 115 in the shade. The hot
wave struck the valley last night, and so
oppressive was me atmosphere that
breathing became difficult. If this heat
continues much damage will result to the
grape crop. Already many vineyards have ;
suffered from the effects of sunburn. .
STOCKTON, Oct. B.— A hot wave was
experienced here to-day. The thermom
eter registered 93. '
DAWSON DESERTED
FOR CAPE NOME
Tales of Gold Cause a Stampede
From the Klondike
Capital.
VICTORIA, B. C, Oct. B.— News was
brought by the steamer Tees, which ar
rived this evening from Lynn canal with
120 passengers and $50,000 in gold, that a
stampede is now on in earnest from Daw
son to Cape Nome. When the miners who
arrived by the Tees left the Klondike cap
ital river steamers were being left with
out crews because of the stampede, the
seamen deserting to join the great crowd
hurrying down the river to the new El
Dorado. • ~.
On two of the Canadian Development
Company's steamers the captains were
obliged to call on the mounted police to
hold their crews until they were ready to
sail for the White Horse. Both vessels
made a long trip up the river, one occupy
ing eleven and the other fourteen days.
As the wood piles were deserted the crews
were obliged to go ashore and cut wood
to fuel up at every landing.
What caused the rush toward Nome
was the arrival of several Dawsonians
who had gone down In the rush of last
July with considerable gold, which they
had washed from the beach at Nome.
When they exhibited the gold at Dawson
there was considerable excitement, as the
stories that had been received there from
Nome were conflicting. That night a
stampede began, and when those who ar
rived to-night left the rush was still on.
According to the miners from Dawson,
there has been a. wholesale. blanketing of
promising gold territory in' the Klondike
by the Government. Miners have been or
dered off 1060 miles of territory, and this
exclusive of the reservations of the Gov
ernment at El Dorado and Bonanza.
It seems that immediately upon the ap
plication for ground for hydraulic pur
poses the ground is closed for. entry un
der the placer regulations, and under the
guise that the land Is to be taken up by
hydraulic concerns the Government has
taken a large amount of ground from the
miners.
Navigation will close next week on tho
upper river, and the steamers will go Into
winter quarters near White Horse.
There was ojily one more vessel to come
up when the Tees left. When about eight
hours from Skaguay the Tees struck on
Eldred rock. She was floated about ten
hours later. Her hull is damaged and she
will be hauled out.*
Fears are entertained for the safety of
the steamer Princess Louise, plying be
"HELLO!"
A Telephone Line to Our
Contra Costa Well.
A telephone line will be built to
our oil well in Contra Costa Coun-
ty. Daily bulletins will then be
made and posted in. our office.
Stockholders can telephone the su-
perintendent there for information.
WHEN WILL THE PRICE 60 UP?
This question' is , asked us daily.
The Board of Directors will' order
tin advance at their next meeting.
The price will never be lower than
5. It may be advanced auy time.
DO NOT DELAY. Remember, that
we allow you thirty, days after pur-
chase to investigate.
ILLUSTRATED PROSPECTUS
on application.
AMERICAN OIL AND REFINERY
COMPANY,
ROOMS 322-323 PARROTT BUILDING,
SAN FRANCISCO. : CAL
OAKLAND OFFICE.... 460 TENTH ST.
tween Victoria and the Naas. She was
three days overdue at Lowe Inlet when
the steamer Tees called at that port.
ENGAGEMENT DENIED.
Prince Georges and Princess Victoria
Not to Wed.
LONDON", Oct. B.— ln view of the per
sistent rumor circulated of the betrothal
of Prince George of Greece and the Prin
cess Victoria of Wales, it was announced
to-day that there was not the slightest
foundation for the report, the relationship
existing between the Prince and Princess
being sufficient refutation, as the laws of
the Greek church forbid the marriage of
'first cousins.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IMX-^ '4m \
W/f/W* (ZL \&f\
" After a wearisome day, the j
I comfors — not the least of ■ '
M which is a cheering, invigorat- j
f ing cup of S
I■■-■ ■ ■ ' 1
I Ghirardeili's Cocoa. ?
i At your grocer's — 50c a lb. £
UNITED STATES ERANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
LIVERPOOL AND LONDON AND
GLOBE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF Liverpool, England, on the 31st day of
December, A. D. ISM. and for the year
ending on that day, as made to the Insurance
Commissioner of the State of California, pur-
suant to the provisions of sections 610 and 611
of the Political Code, condensed as per blank
furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $1,799,000 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 3,622,350 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2,602.593 75
Cash In Company's office 2,26» 06
Cash In banks 753.523 52
Interest due and accrued on Loans.. 198 03
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 43,768 21
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 827,629 01
! Due from other Companies for Rein-
surance on losses already paid 21,950 07
Total Assets $9.703,581 65
LIABILITIES. ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid $17,674 27
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 600.965 99
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 46,950 00 !
Gross premiums on Fire Ri=ks run-
ning one year or less, $3,023,234 21;
! reinsurance 60 per cent 1,511,617 11
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning mere than one year. $4,067,-
-776 54; reinsurance pro rata J, 054, 27
Amount reclalmable .by the insured
on perpetual Are insurance policies 823,882 66
Liability under other departments... 92,271 56
All other demands against the Com-
pany 310,151 70
. Total Liabilities $4.857,665 56
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
Premiums $4,979,422 14
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 156,343 42
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 103,332 02
Received for Rents ..."... .• 61.639 62
Total Income $5.300.737 20
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $395,750 70, losses', of pre- .
vious years) .$2,876,293 71
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 922,658 58
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 831.400 41
Paid for State. National and local
taxes 136,906 23
All other payments and expenditures 334,802 88
Total Expenditures $4,602.061 87
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
"year $777,675,892 $6,602,670 74
Net amount of Risks
expired during the i •>: ':.'-. i'-i
year- 826,066,155 7,400,466 17
Net amount In force '.
December 81. IS9B | 845,071.329 7.091.010 75
H. W. EATON, Res. Manager.
GEO. W. HOYT, Dep'y Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 26th
day of January. 1899.
W. H. WILDET, Notary Public
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
NO. 422 CALIFORNIA ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
CHARLES D. HAVEN
Resident Secretary.
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
q lFeen
QUEEN
INSURANCE COMPANY
Ar NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
\J York, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
IMS and for the year ending on that day. as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
BUt! of California, pursuant to the provision,
"sect 610 and 611 of the Political Code.
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missloner. ■ CAPITAL
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in m M
Cash *^'
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $721,770 68
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages......
Cath Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by C0mpany............ 3.494.M1 M
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral
Cash in Company Office "-^» J-
Cash in Banks a "2." 'mil
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans W'J' *■•"*" "
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
Premiums due 'Course of Coßec- M
Premiums in due Course ?HP™. e £ 239,560 gi
Bin 0 " receivable. not matured, taken
228 50
for Fire and Marine Risks 8 699 31
Rents due and accrued .........•-••• •.»»»»*
Due from other Companies for rein-
surance on losses already paid * *"
• Total Assets '. ..$4,668,340 7S
Total Assets •;**■
LIABILITIES. ,„«o M
Losses adjusted and unpaid ........ $57,68083
Losses process of Adjustment or ,,„„
Losses" r -.i"ted.''l'ncluding''expenses'.: 87.108 «
Gross premiums on Fire Rlsta .run-
ning one year or less. $1,330,013 77.
reinsurance 50 per cent 665,00187
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $1,680,-
MB 81 ' reinsurance pro rata. ......... 887,728 15
G iS few VikTl^-^I
hSESS&E. » Marine'
Risks $-—- " reinsurance 50
pSr^'-accrue^^r-salarie.:
Another demands agalns the Com-
pany "*****"****
Total Liabilities .. ..$1,844,365 82
TNCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire „
N ' [es SuS if/^ ; ! v^-^'^:
Recef ved e^r m "terest "on ' Bonds and
Receivf d S f or 'interest ' and 'd'i vYd'end's
or Bonds, Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources ....^..... 128,884 48
Received for Rents 8.224 so
Total Income $1,999,934 96
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $144,662 43. losses of pre-
vious years) •• $1,090,573 os
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
* (including $- . losses of
previous years
Dividends to Stockholders 100,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage •••• 809,74113
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 187,158 83
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 61.849 71
All other payments and expenditures 119,551 73
* Total Expenditures ..$1858,874 60
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year — $1.078.446 60
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. I Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $233,266,210 $2,363,901
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 230,970,758 ! 2.491,132 05
Net amount In force
December 31, 1898..... 286,963.211 I 3.015.239 58
~ JAS. A. MACDONALD. Pres.
G. W. BURCHELL. Sec.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 25th
day of January, 1599. --..,.."_-•.■., . :
T. LIVINGSTONE KENNEDY.
Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT :
HOLLA V. WATT, Manager,
N.W. Comer Pine and Sansome Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
Pacific Coast Department— Alaska, Washing-
ton, Oregon, Montana, Idaho, Nsvada, Utah,
Arizona. California and the Hawaiian Islands.
Agancles everywhere.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
Fidelity and Casualty
OF NEW YORK, in the State of New York,
on the 31st day of December, A. D. 1898,
and for the year ending on that day, as mads
to the Insurance Commissioner of the State ~"
of California, pursuant to the provisions of
sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code, con-
densed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash $250.000 00
ASSETS. "
Real Estate owned by Company $570,833 07
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2,048.378 25
Cash In Company's Office 34,141 76
Cash In Banks 41,976 53
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 2,016 67
Rents due and accrued 1,059 10
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 891,060 39
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
.for Fire and Marine Risks, rein-
surance reserve deposit 19,268 91
Total Assets ..$3.109,731 68
LIABILITIES. "~~ ~~
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense $170,478 33
Losses resisted, Including expenses
(of which $375,400 00 are resisted
for Insured) 398,297 83
Gross premiums on Risks running
one year or less, $ ; reinsur-
ance 50 per cent 1,495,026 96
Gross premiums on Risks running
more than one year, $ ; rein-
surance pro rata ...j. 172.541 59
All other liabilities 48.098 90
Total Liabilities 279. 441 65
INCOME . *~~~ ~~~
Net Cash actually received for pre-
miums $3,209,345 60
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans and from -■"•"
all other sources 79.186 31 -*»
Received for Rents 56.053 58
Received from all other sources 11,698 91
Total Income ..$3,356,279 4$
EXPENDITURES. '
Net amount paid for Losses (includ-
ing 8 , iosses of previous
years) ■ 11 :m «- .1
Dividends to Stockholders "50 000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 840 150 -4
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc... : 134 775 08
Paid for State. National and local ■ *'" w
taxes '. .....' 58 991 S2
All other payments and expenditures 475.239 95
Total Expenditures i 53,100.252 16
Lcsses Incurred during the year .$1,275,004 '0
ROBT. .T. GEO. . SEWARD President
ROBT. J. HILLAS. Secretary .•
Subscribed and sworn to before mo ' th "
15th day of February. 1899. '
E. A. RABNER. Notary Public.
pacific COASYDEPARTMENT,
S.C. PARDEE,
Resident Manager and Attorney,
mUTU «L LIFE BUILDING,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
W/.T, HESS, -«VV
NOTARY PDULIO AND ATI'ORNEY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bldg.
i, , . Telephone Brown 931
e Franc?sco 8 . 21 CaUfornla £ bel ™ *»«».WILL SAIL EVERY DAY
AFTER NEXT THURSDAY
An Agreement by Which the Shamrock and, Colum
bia Are to Compete Until the Question of Inter
national Yachting Supremacy Is Decided*
NEW YORK, Oct. 6.— By a mutual
agreement between the representa
tives of the New York Yacht Club
and the Royal Ulster Yacht Club,
the Columbia and Shamrock will
sail every day after next Thursday until
the question of international yachting su
premacy is established.
The request for such an arrangement
came from Sir Thomas Lipton, owner of
the challenger. Sir Thomas wanted the
races to be sailed daily after next Tues
day, but the members of the New York
Yacht Club refused to assent to such an
arrangement.
The meeting at which the arrangement
for a change in the dates was reached
was held at the New York Yacht Club to
day. There were present R. Sharman
Crawford and H. McGlll Downey, repre
senting the Royal Yacht Club, and Lewis
Cass Ledyard, J. V. S. Oddie, F. W.
Ilurst. Edward M. Brown and H. F. Lip
pltt. representing the New York Yacht
Club. At the conclusion of the meeting
tho following agreement was drawn up
and given out for publication:
"The foregoing agreement (the challenge
agreement) is further modified by mutual
consent as follows:
"Strike out the clause beginning 'the
first ..ice shall be sailed on Tuesday,
October 3, 1599.* and substitute the follow
ing: 'The i ices shall be sailed on the fol
lowing dates until the series be com
pleted:
" 'October 10, 1599: October 12. and on
each following day except Sunday; pro
vided, however, that immediately on the
conclusion of the race on October 12, and
of each subsequent race, the regatta com
mittee shall Inquire of each contestant
whether he is willing to start the next
day, and should both contestants answer
in the negative one day shall intervene
before starting the next race. Sunday
shall not be counted as such intervening
day.' "
The agreement was signed by the mem
bers of the committees representing both
yacht clubs interested.
At the conclusion of the meeting Secre
tary Oddie said:
"In case the boats sail on the day fol
lowing a race the committee boat will dis
play the international code letter 'L.' of
blue and yeliOW squares. If there is to
be no race the letter 'M,' blue with diag
onal white stripes, will be displayed from
the committee boat. The club suggests
that each yacht and boat present take up
and display the signal given by the com
mittee boat.
"There was no friction In reach- the
agreement as to the change of dates. Sir
Thomas Lipton at first asked that the
races be started daily after Tuesday. The
club decided that this would hardly be
prudent. In the first place, it would be
entirely unfair to the public. Thousands
of persons have made arrangements to at
tend the races on a certain day. Hun
dreds of excursions have been arranged
for, and to make a change In the racing
dates on so short a notice would not be
right to the public.
"The club is deeply grateful for the
manner In which the public has been act
ire at th( races. There has been no in
terference with the boats whatever. The
club Is grateful to the public for this, and
It would not be right to make such a
sudden change In racing days. We are
endeavoring to please the public as well
as the visitors."
LIPTON'S LADS EXPECT
TO CAPTURE THE CUP
NEW YORK. Oct. B.— Shamrock stock
has ken another rise. There is a feel
ing about town to-night that the historic
cup is In greater danger than ever beore.
The more yesterday's performance Is con
sidered and discussed, the less encourag
ing it seems to the American yachtsmen.
The Shamrock is a wonder in light
weather. That is settled beyond a doubt
by the three lays of drifting. She has
surprised her own people and has given
the. other people a great shock. She
handles splendidly and has men on board
who know how to do the handling. The
feeling of the American yachtsmen that
the challenger was entering the races un
prepared and untried has disappeared.
They have seen her fit for the struggle,
and they know that she Is ready to do her
best. In response to an inquiry made this
nfternoon as to what was being done by
way of preparation, her managers said:
"Nothing. There she Is, ready for the
gun."
Each side is confident, but it must be
admitted that the backers of the green
boat are, showing the most hope. They
say they know what she can do in heavy
weather. It only required three days of
drift to convince them that she was" just
as good In light air. The whole Shamrock
contingent is happy and there is no one to
begrudge them their pleasant moments.
The Columbia people are not unhappy by ;
any means. On the contrary, they still
confidently assert that, of course, the cup
stays. But they have been shocked and ;
they have been shocked in a most de- 1
clslve manner. They know there will be i
no walkover. They know more than this, !
' l
WILL REMAIN IN
ACTIVE SERVICE
Admiral Dewey Not to
Seek Retirement.
Special Dispatch to The Call
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON. Oct. B.—
Admiral Dewey, has determined to remain
on the active list of the United States
navy. Reports have been current since
the admiral's return that he would apply
for retirement either on December 26 next,
when he will reach the usual retiring ago
of 62 years, or immediately thereafter.
Information recently obtained shows that
the admiral Intends to stay in active serv
ice. Were he to be retired he would suf
fer a Loss of $1500 a year, the allowance he
now receives for quarters, and the serv
ices of a naval aid and secretary. It is
the expectation of the department that
the admiral will remain on duty with the
Philippine Commission during the winter
and that Congress will call on him fre
quently to give advice concerning the
Philippines as well as other matters.
RETURNS THANKS FOR
DEWEY'S SAFE RETURN
WASHINGTON, Oct. B.— Admiral Dewey
to-day attended , divine services at St.
John's Episcopal Church, where the Epis
copal ceremony of prayer and thanksgiv
ing for the crown of victory our arms
and the safe return from sea, was con
ducted. The admiral and the church of
ficials advised giving no notice in advance
of this service in order to avoid the cu
rious crowd that would flock to the
church. The rector in his sermon made
no allusion to the admiral, but impres
sively delivered the two formal prayers
! but they are not telling what It Is. Leav
| ing entirely out of the question American
I pride in the American boat, all true
I sportsmen are rejoicing. Here is a con
; test worth having. Here Is a yacht race
i that Is worth all the money that has been
! spent, all the time and' care that have
: been given. It is a great struggle, and no
man can name the winner. This is the
feeling in New YorK to-day, and this is a
gain for the Shamrock side, for did she
j not start the week a bad second?
The betting is still slightly In the Co
-1 lumbia's favor, but this is net based on
the judgment of yachting experts. There
is more Columbia money to be had be
cause of local pride and this Is the influ
| encing factor in the matter of odds.
Both yacals are still at the Hook to
! day. It was a day of rest on the racers,
! Mr. Iselln and his friends coming to
! town, leaving Captain Charlie Barr on
! guard.
Sir Thomas Lipton and his friends are
near their boat on the Erin, and there
' they will remain until the last race Is
| over. Sir Thomas said to-day that un-
I der no conditions would he leave the
i Horseshoe until the contests were over,
j lit seemed very much worried about the
I 11,' ness of Mr. Fife, and he Insists that the
| Shamrock is under great disadvantage in
; not having him on board.
The opinion was quite general to-day
that there was something in yacht rac
ing by which a line could be drawn on
the merits of the boats. There was wind
enough for a couple of hours to furnish
! a test, the first real test of the week, and
| while it lasted the boats were under equal
j conditions and the Shamrock did the bet
ter work. That is the reason for the rise
lin the Shamrock stock to-day. She is
j good In a run dead before the wind. She
jis good in a beat to windward. What she
j will do in a reach Is undecided, but the
impressions are against her on this point
of sailing.
Inhere was another high northeaster to
day and the Sandy Hook waters were
| churned up In fine style. On Tuesday the
! struggle will be resumed.
Captain Barr spent the best part of his
day on board the Columbia. Mr. Iselin
left Saturday night with his entire party
of Corinthians, and when the captain
arose this morning it was to the task of
looking after a number of things which
Mr. Iselin himself ordinarily attends *o.
All the Columbia's sails were unbent on
j Saturday night, but at that time it was
I expected that one of the morning tasks
i would be to set them again. The Sun
! day trial has always been a feature up
ito this time. The state of weather to-day
j spoiled all hope along that line and the
I men did not seem to mind the priva-
I tion.
Stripped of her canvass the defender
: looked very bare. She was headed into
the gale, or as much of it as got Inside
the Hook, and the man forward on watch
kept under the lee as well as he could.
Captain Earr spent most of his time
below. Altogether the day was a dreary
one. There was nothing left for the men
to do but to 101 lon the tender and wish
for a breeze on Tuesday. Last Sunday
i they had plenty of visitors who cheered
; the boat. These crafts were missing to
day. The Sandy Hook boat came along-
side and those on board saluted the de
fender. The Hook was deserted to-day
except for the newspaper boats. In spite
of all the past fizzles the sailor men on
the Columbia still seem confident of suc
cess. The presence of the Shamrock near
by simply makes them more firm In their
belief of victory when a real trial comes.
The race of Saturday operated as a tonic
on them all. Up to that time they had
heard so much about their skipper being
outgeneraled that some of them may have
begun, perhaps, to fear that there might
be something In t. The Saturday race,
to their mind, however, showed them a
different phase and every one on board
felt that they would show the English
skippers yet what was possible. The men
had no other comment to make on the
race. The policy of those in charge of the
defender Is not to talk at all, and the men
follow the implied instructions to the let
ter.
The programme of Monday Is one of
rest. The men will do some little work in
the line of making surer, but It is not ex
pected that the Columbia will go out to
sea at all, and the energy will be re
served for Tuesday's race.
Sir Thomas Lipton spent the greater
part of to-day on board the old schooner
yacht America as the guest of Lieutenant
Colonel Butler Ames. He rose early not
withstanding the fatigue of yesterday's
race, and after breakfast spent a couple
of hours reading the newspapers. Then he
went on board the America in one of the
Erin's launches In company with Sir
Henry Burdette, Right Hon. W. J. Pierce
and Mrs. Pierce, Charles Robsell, Dr.
Mackie, Mr. J. F. Young and Sailmaker
Ratsey. I
As soon as the party was safely on
board the America left her anchorage and
under a reefed mainsail, foresail, jib and
staysail knocked about the Horseshoe for
a couple of hours. The stanch old boat
was sailing at her best In the stiff breeze
and the party enjoyed the outing very
much.
Mr. Ratsey was glad to get on board the
I In the ritual at the request of the ad
' miral. One of these gave thanks to "Al
i mighty God, the sovereign commander of
all the world. In whose hand Is power
i and might, which none is able to with
, stand," ana for "all the victories and de
i liverances of the past two years." The
; others, to which the entire congregation
bowed earnestly, offers thanks for "con
i ducting safely through the perils of the
great deep this worthy servant who now
desires to return his thanks unto to thee
thy holy church."
The admiral spent the afternoon In
making a few calls and this evening took
supper with some old Washington friends.
Late to-night the admiral, accompanied
by Lieutenants Brumby and Caldwell and
the admiral's son, left for Vermont.
MILLIONAIRE HARDWARE
DEALER PASSES AWAY
George Trltch, Owner of the Largest
Establishment in the State of
Colorado, Is Dead.
DENVER, Oct. B.— George Trltch, the
millionaire hardware dealer of this city
and owner of the largest establishment of
Its kind In Colorado, died hero this after
noon of kidney complaint, aged 70 years.
He leaves a widow and five children. Mr.
Trltch came to Colorado in 1860. He was
born In Baden, Germany, in 1829, and was
brought to this country by his parents the
same year. They located at Chillicothe,
Ohio, where Trltch learned the tinner's
trade. He was married in Pittsburg and
came west, stopping a short time in lowa,
and arriving in Denver in May, 1860. He
immediately opened a shop and plied his
trade as tinner, subsequently putting In a
line of hardware. His business grew rap-
Idly, necessitating the changing of busi
ness quarters several times, and at the
time of his death he was president of the
Trltch Hardware Company, the largest
Concern of its kind in Colorado, and one
of the largest in the West.
Court-Martial Disapproved.
WASHINGTON, Oct. B.— Acting Secre
tary Allen has disapproved the action of
Rear Admiral Watson in the court-martial
case of Naval Cadet George Van Orden,
attached to the Helena, who was tried
and sentenced for leaving his station
without being regularly relieved.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1899.
I America, for he had heard much from his
father about the craft that came over
. from America to England forty-eight
i years ago and captured the cup that the
Shamrock has come over to "lift" this
! year. ■■;. ,: ■_:
When the America was on the other side
Mr. Ratsey's father saw the craft fre
-1 quently and got his first idea about build
, ing sails that would set flatter than the
type of the English sails, which were cut
baggy at that time. The elder Ratsey
was following the same vocation that his
fathers had followed for generations be-
I fore, that of sallmaklng, ana he admitted
: the America so much that he had a model
I made which Is In the Ratsey office to this
day.
When the America came back to her
anchorage at 2 o'clock Sir Thomas sig
naled for his launch and came over to
the Associated Press yacht Wanda. After
greeting those on board, Sir Thomas' first
words were: "Isn't it singular that we
always get a strong breeze after a race
day?"
The owner of the Shamrock, when seen
later by the Associated Press representa
tive on board his steam yacht Erin, said
i he would like to have a strong breeze for
the contest on Tuesday so that the two
i boats could finish a race, for If they did
j no do so pretty soon he would have to
■ build a house on Sandy Hook. He men
j tioned a dispatch he had ercelved from St.
' Johns, N. F., begging him to come down
j there and sail the races, "where there la
I plenty of wind and lots of water."
Sir Thomas said the crew of his yacht
i were as happy as larks, and they were
i eager to have a try at the Columbia in a
i stiff breeze, for they were more confident
| than ever of winning the cup, now that
they had shown how speedy the Sham
j rock was in light air. —
A dispatch came to Sir Thomas this af
! ternoon from Weather Forecaster Will
; lams of the Weather Bureau in Washing-
I ton, announcing that a heavy northeast
! gale was moving slowly up the coast from
| off North Carolina and that it would be
| dangerous for small boats.
Lying under the lee of Sandy Hook, the
i two racing yachts were well protected
; from the heavy sea running outside, but
. still Sir Thomas deemed It advisable to
' take precautions. His first move was to
! run oveij to the Columbia and notify Cap
tain Barr of the warning that he had re
i ceived from Washington. He also placed
! a tug at Barr's disposal if he cared to
i tow up the harbor out of danger, for the
. : Irish Knight does not want anything to
happen to the cup defender any more than
ihe does to his own boat. Then he came
back to the Erin and instructed Captain
Matthews to keep steam up all night in
case of emergency. He also ordered every
; thing made snug on the Shamrock for the
night.
"I want to say," said Sir Thomas, "that
I shall not leave Sandy Hook until I either
; win or lose the cup. That is what I came
j here for, and I shall make it my only busi
ness. I hope for a good stiff breeze next
: Tuesday, so that the boats can make a
[ race of it, and may the best boat win."
The Shamrock's owner then returned to
: the America and joined Mr. Ames and his
party at lunch. , :
i Admiral Dewey will not be able to see
j Tuesday's race from the Erin. He has so
| many engagements that he finds it Impos
i sible to be present, and so telegraphed Sir
j Thomas to-day.
With the Royal Ulster Yacht Club's
j pennant flapping at her masthead and the
blue ensign of that club at her stern gaff,
i the challenger Shamrock pulled hard at
her mooring buoy in the Horseshoe this
afternoon, for a piping northeast breeze
was whistling through her rigging and
. there was promise of more wind in the
! threatening clouds. Walking the deck was
a blue-uniformed sailor, whose duty it was
i to keep watch over his precious charge.
On board the Erin Captain Matthews,
her commander, stated that the crew of
' the Shamrock, from Skippers Hogarth
i and Wringe — have proven conclusive
j ly their skill at handling the tiller and
; trimming sheets— down to the youngest
' sailor were in fine fettle, and more con
tin. nt than ever that the greon sloop,
: which they have all learned to love and
, admire, will win the America's cup for
Sir Thomas Lipton.
Barring accidents, absolutely no change
'. will be made In the challenger. . She Is
j now, as on Wednesday, In the pink of
| condition and stands ready to win or lose
i upon her merits. Her running gear has
been carefully overhauled, and It is said
cannot be. Improved upon, while her sails
i are simply perfection. Sails alone never
i won a race, but where the yachts are as
; evenly matched as they are In this case It
, may mean the extra feather which tips
i the scale In the Shamrock's favor. Be
this as it may, the crew of the green chal
j lenger is eagerly looking forward to the
j next race day, praying for a breeze that
j will afford a true test of the speed of the ;
• yachts. If such a day Is granted and the
Shamrock fails to win, they will be the
! most surprised sailor lads that ever swung
ion a halyard or reefed a sail. In the
! meantime they are taking matters philo
sophically, are In the best of spirits, and j
| no one can say as yet that their confi- i
dence In the beautiful Irish yacht Is mis- j
placed. I
RIVER MYSTERY IN
NEW YORK CITY
Dismembered Body of a
Woman Found.
Special Dispatch to The Ca.lL
■ NEW TORK, Oct. B.— Several parts of
the dismembered body of a woman are
at the Morgue, and the police are investi
gating another river mystery.
In the North River, at the foot of West
Seventeenth street, a man fishing last
night hauled up on his hook a bundle con-
talnlng the trunk of a woman's body.
Early In the morning the left thigh of
a woman, wrapped in several newspapers,
had been found In front of 16 West Seven-
teenth street. It was found that the por
tion of the thigh fitted the dismembered
trunk. Doctors who have examined the
parts are of the opinion that they are
those of a woman probably less than mid
dle age. The newspapers in which the
thigh was wrapped included one of the
date of October 5, showing that the body
had been dismembered on that date or
subsequent to it. There were several
marks on the papers, but the nature of
these the police will not disclose. Several
cuts on the body indicate It had been
hacked. The driver of a furniture van is
suspected and the police are hunting for
him. ''r'ZL.
ROSS RESERVOIR BREAKS.
Half the Water Escapes and Much
Damage Is Done.
ANGELS CAMP, Oct. 8.-The Ross "res
ervoir, one of the principal storage reser
voirs of the Utica; Company, broke , at
an early hour this morning, and about
half the reserved water escaped. The
damage has not yet been estimated, but
-U very great.
PREPARING FOR CHICAGO
CORNERSTONE LAYING
Prominent Men From All Parts of the
Country and Many Foreign Rep
resentatives Present.
CHICAGO, Oct Eight States and
Territories are represented by their Gov
ernors at the fall festival. Among them
the T. T. Gear, Oregon; D. P. Richards.
Wyoming; M. A. Otero, New Mexico, and
N. O. Murphy, Arizona.
The busiest of the various reception
rooms to-day was that at the Victoria
Hotel, where a dozen Congressmen,
among them David G. Browne of Mon
tana, were received by Governor Tanner.
Vice President Mariscal of the Mexican
republic Is suffering from a severe attack
of tonsilltls; which has reduced his voice
to a whisper, and he may be compelled to
delegate his place at the speaker's table
at the Auditorium fcanquet to-morrow
night to Don Manuel Azplroz, Mexican
Ambassador to the United States.
The crowds again jammed the streets
to-day, though they were massed prin
cipally In the illuminated court of honor.
The police to-day decided that the streets
In the Immediate vicinity of the Post
office, where the conner-stone is to be
laid to-morrow by the President, shall be
kept absolutely free of pedestrians and
vehicles. People will not be allowed to
use the sidewalks unless upon impera.
tive business. This is the most stringent
order ever given for the control of a
holiday crowd.
PRESIDENT ATTENDS
RELIGIOUS SERVICES
CHICAGO, Oct. B.— Sunday was not a
day of rest for President McKinley. The
center of a city's festivities and the one
desired object of numerous committees
and delegations, he was kept busy from
the time of the last puff from his after
breakfast cigar until the last benediction
of the religious services which filled the
day had been given. During the after
noon and evening he attended three re
ligious services— two in the Auditorium
and one in Quinn Chapel, at which latter
place he spoke a few words of greeting
to the enthusiastic colored congregation
there assembled. At the exercises for
children In the Auditorium during the
afternoon the President, in response to
prolonged cheering, said:
"I do not like to interrupt the singing
of the American hymn by making a
speech. I can only express to you the
very great satisfaction It Is to me to wit
ness this magnificent demonstration of
patriotism- and love of God."
The big hall was packed with expectant
humanity and the chief executive listened
attentively to addresses made by Rev.
Samuel B. Barnetz of Dcs Moines, Iowa;
Rev. Father Maurice J. Doorney and the
Rev! J. Arondthaler. He vigorously ap
plauded a mention of Admiral Dewey
made during Father Doorney's speech.
At his apartments In the Auditorium
Annex the President was met by a dele
gation of colored men from Quinn Chapel
and accepted their Invitation to speak a
HAVOC WROUGHT
BY FOREST FIRES
Miles of Valuable Tim
ber Destroyed.
Special IMspatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Oct. B.— A forest fire that
for a week has been threatening property
1 in the Santa Cruz mountains swept over
j the country with great fury to-day as the
! result of the springing up of a high wind.
A large acreage of vineyards were swept
over and destroyed and many houses,
barns and tanks burned near Wrights
! Station. Among those who lost buildings
1 and other property were J. McCracken, E.
i A. Adams. Clyde McKinney, C. 11. Allen.
i John Carr and E. C. Yocco. The big
winery of E. Meyers was saved after hard
fighting by a number of men. It is es
, timated that property to the value of over
! $100,000 was destroyed upon which there is
considerable Insurance. The flames had
not reached Wrights when they died
down for the night, and it is believed that
the railroad and other property there is
I in no more danger.
KESWICK, Oct. B.— For four days for
-1 est fires have been running over the Clear
Creek region west of Shasta, near the
head of Little Salt Creek. They were
starting to burn westward when the wind
changed and drove the fire back toward
the pipeline and flumes of the Princess
Hydraulic Mining company. Property
representing thousands of dollars In value
\ was In danger of destruction. For two
days and nights a large crew of fire-fight
i ers strove to save the valuable property.
It was hot work, but the efforts were sue
: cessful and further danger averted. The
i fire Is well under control now.
COVELO, Oct. B.— Destructive forest
fires are raging from Covelo to Layton
viii,, and Cahto to Westport, sweeping
everything Inflammable In their path.
The damage by the fire to property
owners will exceed $35,000. The losses es
timated include construction material ot
the Pacific telephone and Telegraph
Company, Western Union Telegraph
Company Vassar Lumber Company and
numerous tie and lumber camps. Some
500 fire fighters have maintained a vig
ilant watch for the past twenty-four
hours Many persons were prostrated by
the heat The Odd Fellows' Cemetery at
Laytonville was badly damaged. The flro
Is not yet under control, and Is estimated
to cover about sixty miles.
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. Dense smoke
still obscures the mountains on account
of forest fires. Ashes and cinders fell to
day near this city. The fires near Boulder
Creek are under control and no further
danger Is feared. The fire In the neigh
borhood of Pescadero Creek and In the
direction of Alma apparently continues to
rape fiercely, judging from the immense
volume of smoke arising In that direc
tion The fire is being kept in the under
brush on a territory covering four or five
miles If it is kept there no fear Is felt
for the safety of the tall redwood trees
and cordwood west of the fire. If the
flames should manage to break through
the territory they are now confined to
they would "have plenty of dry material
to feed on and cause much loss. An army
of men is now fighting vlgorusly trying to
prevent Its spread. No reports of heavy
Individual losses have as yet reached this
city The fire was caused either by care
less' hunters or through men clearing
brush from land permit ing it to get be
-5 SACRAMENTO, Oct. B.— Last night a
timber and brush fire In the mountains
near Cisco threatened the destruction of
more snowsheds, but the railroad com
pany sent out fire trains and protected
the "sheds. Several trains were delayed by
the fire trains holding the track, but the
detention was for only a few hours.
PROTECTING THE BORDER.
Mexican Government Will Estab
lish New Military Posts.
AUSTIN. Oct. B.— lt Is officially : an
nounced that the Mexican Government
will establish several new military posts
along the Rio Grande and Arizona border
and that the force of troops along the
border will be increased about four thou
sand men. _
Sacramento Wins.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 8. -The ball game
between the Sacramento Athletic- Club
and the Oakland Acme Athletic Club
teams played here to-day was a tame
affair and resulted in a victory for the
local team by a score of 20 to 4. Flege
was touched for seventeen hits, two of
which were home runs. Batteries— W.
Newbert und Conway; Fiege and Peralta,
few words to the colored folk. The dimly
lighted little chapel, with its humble ap
pointments, was in strange contrast to
the magnificence of the scene with the
services earlier in the day.
The President said: "My friends, It
gives me very great pleasure to meet
with you on this memorable day. The
noblest sentiments of the human heart
after love of God is love of country, and
that includes love of home, the corner
stone of strength and safety. Your race
has demonstrated its patriotism by its
sacrifices— lts love of the flag by dying
for It. That is the greatest test of fidel
ity and loyalty. The nation has appre
ciated the valor and patriotism of the
black men of the United States. They not
only fought In Cuba, but in the Philip
pines, and they are carrying the flag as
the symbol of liberty and hope to an op
pressed people?'
After breakfast, which the President
ate with Mrs. McKinley and Miss Bar
ber, Mr. McKinley received Informal calls
from members of the Presidential party.
When the start shortly before noon was
about to be made for the home of La
fayette McWllllams, where President and
Mrs. McKinley and Miss Barber had ar
ranged to dine, Mrs. McKinley upset the
plans of the arrangement committee. The
committee had planned that Charles
Truax. B. J. Rosenthal and E. C. Keith
should ride with the city's distinguished
guests.
At the last moment Mrs. McKinley an
nounced her own desire to have the com
pany of her husband during the ride. The
disappointed trio of committeemen ac
cepted this with good grace and climbed
into a carriage by themselves.
Whenever the President appeared in
his carriage on the street he was fol
lowed by a throng of people in all sorts
of vehicles from the bicycle to the auto
mobile. So persistent and withal so
pretty was little Harry Allen Storm, who,
mounted on his wheel, in his Lord
Fauntleroy toggery, folowed by the Presi
dent, that upon his arrival at the hotel
from the home of Captain McWllllams,
the nation's chief sent for the boy, shook
the lad's hand and covered him with
confusion by his kindly words of greet
ing.
Over 6000 persons were present at the
Auditorium to-night, attending the union
religious service. Hundreds were turned
away. The appearance of President Mc-
Kinley was the signal for wild applause.
The entire audience arose and handker
chiefs waved the Chautauqua salute.
The President stood in his box and bowed
to the audience repeatedly. Mrs. Mc-
Kinley did not attend the services.
The programme opened with Gullmonfs
"Religious March," an organ prelude by
Arthur Dunham. After the offering of
the Lord's prayer by Rev. J. D. Sever
ringhouse, a responsive Bible reading was
led by Bishop Benjamin W. Arnett of
the African Methodist Episcopal Church.
Bishop Samuel Fallows, as chairman of
the meeting, then introduced the Rev.
"William M. Lawrence, who spoke on
"The Moral Power of Chicago." "Damas
cus Triumphal March" was rendered by
the Apollo Musical Club and after an ad
dress by Rev. R. A. White, "The Star
Spangled Banner," by the Apollo Club,
was greeted with much applause.
BRYAN MUST HAVE
ABSOLUTE REST
Free Silver Champion Is
Seriously 111.
Special Dispatch to x Th« Call.
CHICAGO, Oct. 8.-A special to the
Chronicle from Webster, lowa, says: Will
lam J. Bryan is a very sick man to-day.
Friends who have spent Sunday with him
at the farm of Fred F. White, Democratic
candidate for Governor of lowa, three
miles from Webster, are afraid that Mr.
Bryan may have to temporarily abandon
his campaign work, not only In lowa, but
in Kentucky and Ohio.
When Mr. Bryan awoke this morning
he complained about his throat and lungs,
but said that he had suffered from a simi
lar ailment once before, and that it had
yielded to treatment.
Great crowds of farmers from all over
Keokuk County called at the White farm
to see Mr. Bryan during the morning and
afternoon, and although he tried hard to
remain outdoors his physical weakness
mastered his courage and he had to retire
several times to his room. A local phy
sician who was called in to-night to treat
the Invalid recommended a long term of
absolute rest and quiet.
It is understood to-night that steps will
be taken by interested friends to cancel
Mr. Bryan engagements, which Include
two and three speeches daily and a tour
covering the width of lowa, ending at
Sioux City Saturday. 4
WALTER WELLMAN
REACHES NEW YORK
Arctic Explorer Arrives on Steam
ship TJmbria and Goes to
Washington.
NEW YORK. Oct. Walter Wellman.
the Arctic explorer who recently returned
from a Journey of exploration on
Franz Josef Land, arrived in this city
on the steamship Umbria. He was ac
companied from England by his wife.
This afternoon Mr. and Mrs. Wellman
took a train for their home in Washing
ton. The severe injuries the explorer re
ceived from a fall In an ice crevasse still
kept him upon crutches and he had to be
assisted from the ship by his wife and a
friend.
Mr. Wellman left Tromsoe, Norway in
June of last year for the purpose of 'ex
ploring Franz Josef Land. His progress
was arrested by the accident in which
his leg was Injured. When asked to-day
about the accident he said: "When once
sledge dogs get stuck with their load In
rough Ice they are more obstinate than
mules and you have got to help them out
yourself. On March 20, my dogs got stuck
In rough Ice and I got out of the sled
took off their harness and put it around
my chest and shoulders, Intending to do
my own teaming until the dogs became
more tractable. As I was walking alone
head down and hauling my sled, I put mv
foot into a crack in the Ice eighteen
inches deep and so covered with snow as
to be hidden. My right leg went down
the crevasse, scraping the shinbone and
otherwise Injuring the limb. a
"For eight consecutive days I walked
across the ice thus injured and then fell
exhausted. My companions helped me un
put me on a sledge and dragged me to
the nearest retreat, the headquarters
house at Cape Tegelhoff, where I remain
ed in bed, crippled from April 9 to July 4
In August I went to London for surgical
treatment. I live in the hope that I am
not permanently crippled."
JARID BEY ASSASSINATED.
Son of the Grand Vizier Shot by an
Albanian.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Oct. 8.-Jarid Bey
son of Helil Rifat ,Pasha, the Grand
Vizier, was assassinated on the Galata
bridge to-day by an Albanian, who fired
four shots from a revolver. The mur
derer was arrested.
Munir Pasha, the Sultan's grand master
of ceremonies, is dead. He wll be suc
ceeded by Ibrahim Raslsch Bey, the In
troducer of Embassadors.
Bridge-Jumper Injured.
T'LRICHVILLE. Ohio, Oct. B.— James
Brady, a bridge-jumper of Pittsburg, was
fatally injured in making a high dive at
Starburg yesterday. His head struck the
bottom of the tank, rendering him uncon
scious. Brady is paralyzed and will die.
./ ADVERTISEMENTS.
•Mr Overcoats and Protection. H
S^?j That is our policy. With every overcoat ;'i'";>
Afio' sold here goes protection, for the customer, not {>}}>$.
.$& short lived protection either but protection for £i-'yC»
''*%•/,' a year. v-iC$
£•£?' At all times within 12 months, we stand good AWr
:'.'}' ;^ for the overcoat, being ready to make any repairs £$:.;;
H^'Vl free, even if we have to put in new linings. *£'&■
k\v •■• 'fv.'jt:-
-?,'(!, For dissatisfaction we return your money if ,;; '''*,•(',
'At'" you say you want it. ,•.••'".'. ;«•
h-:;'.',' ;*>■>•;
;}•;>> Certainly the overcoats are right in the first V,-.'-^
place or we could not afford such a liberal policy. r'tj}*;
)'£& The overcoats come in cheviots, kerseys, (■,'."•'''>
>u}j; coverts, meltons, oxfords and vicunas, $12.50 /V;.'
jftyi to $25.00. £♦*,:••
:::Vv' A "Yeargood" overcoat at a reasonable ;*';.
v price, and /all is here — why not buy to-day? ii'V;, 1
4# F L_ ' &g
;/ VrJT'-' We have an elegant line of Prince Alberts, SW'v''
p:'^/. all silk lined and made of imported vicuna — fit \' r i<i'i
'£}Vft like custom-made garments. Ask to see them. f?-/* :
jtf| Boys' Middy Suits, fe
\?M In blue and mixtures, some withlar^e sailor col- '//•
'i'Zl? lars, others with the short collars and silk-faced |l.\\\\|
'/i^tfi lapels; ages 3to 10 years; an excellent value for '«'&'•
'•--'-?« $2.75 a suit. gs£
5$ MS S.N.WOOD Ico (%j$
si',e fc *; \^«l^/ -7 1 a MARKET ST N^ioj/ V /-X
'-*.'"'■'' '.'.':..
!»v|?f; Out-of-town orders filled — write us. '.1 «i
felt •••^.,
Vst» s « »nr|.ii»i mi !■ II" ~i .* J I nun Ml M.i,p.il '?'*.-'
t^o i* •xikifr. *%, ."•^.•tr -•>••».— ;•-.• •.v'.jt.'.'vi-m i^^f-i-'-v" .-. '.i,-:o-;-~-- , -.--':> -.•<
1 "^,?i'C- '•••..! '. >-_•• '-i " '«v'- . .'jf « i" .^.: ;:.'.•' -.v^-,. V -T*^ .-".- r' ! . -.'•;- ;•*■*.'•••»«
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Aachen and Munich Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF AIX-LA-CHAPELLE. GERMANY ON
the 31st day of December, A. D. 1898. and
for the year ending on that day. as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks «"*,.•„
Bonds owned by Company 3643.965 00
Cash in Company's Office » »*
Cash In Banks . "'""^ BZ 7BI **
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks -
Premiums in Due'Course'of Collection 46,229 12
Balances due from Agents l-.*-n ,a
Total Assets ....$796,334 17
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $3,744 50
Losses In process of Adjustment or in _
Suspense .■;-?;!
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 6,1i5 00
Gross premium on Fire Risks running
one year or less. $383,243 32; reinsur-
ance 50 per cent 191,621
Gross premiums on Fire Risks running
more than one year, $149,189 51; rein-
surance pro rata 99.339 34
All other demands against the Com-
pany ;• 7.967 57
Total Liabilities ....$332,030 56
INCOME. "
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $470,170 14
Received for Interest and dividends on
Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from all
other sources ....' 23.202 62
Total Income 3493.372 66
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $24,464 22, losses of previous
years) $251,246 84
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage .92,193 65
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 63,254 50
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 10,612 31
All other payments and expenditures. 35,197 31
Total Expenditures ....$452,504 61
Fire.
Losses incurred daring the year $255,900 S3
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Not amount of Risks
written during the
year.... $48,059,170 8617.092 84
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 41,082,860 518.719 29
Net amount In force
December 31, IS9B 40,728,345) 532,432 83
SAML. R. WEED of Weed St Kennedy,
Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 24tn
day of January, 1899. GEO. H. COREY,
Commissioner for California.
CESAR BERTHEAU, Manager.
ALFRED R. GRIM, Asst. Manager.
Pacific Coast Department,
423 CALIFORNIA STREET
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
Badway's
Pills
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Cause
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
healthful . regularity.
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach,
Liver, Bowels, Kidneys, Bladder, Female Ir-
regularities, Sick Headache, Biliousness, Con-
stipation. Piles and all derangements of the
Internal Viscera. 25c a box. At Druggists,
or by mall RADWAY & CO.. New York. ,
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
HANOVER FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
CVF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
v York, on the 31st day "of December. A. P.
18S8, and for the year ending on that day,
as made to the Insurance Commission of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and fill of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash .31. 000, 000 00
ASSETS. ~
Real Estate owned by Company $450 000 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 7 000 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2,295 664 00
Cash In Company's Office ' 53371 00
Cash in Banks 4S 803 69
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 18,062 50
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 29 16
Premiums In due Course of Collection 161,507 09
Rents due and accrued 45$ 75
Due from other Companies for Re-
Insurance on losses already paid 213 53
Total Assets 53, 035. 140 62
LIABILITIES. ~~
Losses adjusted and unpaid $88,854 69
Losses In process of Adjustment or '
in Suspense 69,166 19
Losses resisted. Including expenses... 25,922 71
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $1,011,526 33;
reinsurance 50 per cent 505,763 18
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, 31,132,-
-662 31; reinsurance pro rata. 623.349 83
Reinsurance premiums 11,372 62
Total Liabilities „ $1,329,429 19
INCOME, ' " ~~~
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums 81449,476 89
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 431 S5
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 94,303 19
Received for Rents 28,389 70
Received for profit on sale of securi-
ties » 23,6712$
Total Income .- .$1.696,177 68
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $192,636 41, losses of pre-
vious years) 8933,516 56
Dividends to Stockholders • 100,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 262,42153
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 153 750 73
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 50,30149
All other payments and expenditures 104,670 44
; — —
Total Expenditures 604,660 74
- :
' Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year 3006,740 54
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks.) Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the 1
year $157,146,439 $1,722,202 73
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 155,003,964 1,755,677 70
Net amount In force
December 31, 1898 200,075,765 2,204. 64
I. REMSEN LANE, President.
C. L. ROE. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this
2Sth day of January. 1899.
JOS. McCORD, Notary Public
CESAR BERTHEAU, Manager,
Pacific Coast Department,
423 CALIFORNIA STREET
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
Weeiay Call $1.00 per Year
34
MONDAY OCTOBER 9, 1809
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Propriety.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market, and Third Sts.. S. F I
Telephone Mam ISGS.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
DELIVERED BT CARRIERS. IK CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents.
Terms by Mail, Including Postars:
DAIL.Y CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year f6.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including- Sunday Call), 3 months .... 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month «5o
BUN-DAY CALL One Year 1.80
WEEKLY CALL One Year Ut
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESB.
Manager Foreign Advertising. Marquette Building,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT!
C C. CARLTDN Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
PERRY LUKENS JR 29 Tribune Building
-— -
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.; Great Northers Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. «1 Union Square} ]
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE. Wellington Hotel
si. L. ENGLISH, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK 30C Hayes street. open untl' ;
9:30 o'clock. 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock- j
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 22<"' MarKet
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- I 09«
Valencia street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh; j
street, open until 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty- j
second and KentucKy streets, open until 9 o'clock^
AMUSEMENTS.
California— "Peg "Wofflngton."
Columbia— "Hotel Topsy Turvy."
Orpheum- -Vaudeville.
Tlvoll— "Satanella."
Alcazar— "Jim the Penman."
Grand Opera House— "Glrofle Glrofla."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
eveninc.
Oiympia, corner Mason and Ellis streets — Specialties.
Sherman-Clay Hall— Song tecltal, Tuesday evening. Octo-
ber 30.
efrj*Df- ',_>-:.:.— tj.fr -
BUSINESS GETTING AHEAD OF CASH
SOME weeks ago it was seen that the remarkable
activity in trade was drawing large sums from
the banks into general commercial circulation,
but it was thought that the condition was merely tem
porary. It is now seen, however, that it is becoming
more pronounced and that there is a growing scarcity
of the circulating medium. The stringency has been
most marked in England, and from time to time the
Bank of England has advanced its rate of discount in
order to prevent the outflow of gold to foreign coun
tries and especially America, ami last week two ad
vances were made, raising the rate from 3 / 2 to 5 per
cent, which is very high. The stringency is also
severe in Germany, as shown by the action of the
Bank of Germany in also raising its rate to 6 per
cent. These advances will probably check the exports
of gold to the United States, especially as the Bank of
France has also lost gold heavily of late and is taking
similar measures to keep the yellow coin at home.
Of course these conditions affect New York, where
money is now high, being wanted in large amounts
for speculation and legitimate trade. There is no
real stringency in New York as in the three other
centers, however, in spite of the high rates of interest,
some borrowers being compelled to pay to(§ 15 per
cent, while 8(o!io per cent were the easiest rates ob
tainable last week. Many operators considered these
high rates altogether unnecessary and the result of
manipulation, but it is admitted that 6 per cent will
be the minimum rate for some weeks to come, as New
York is being heavily drawn upon for funds to move
the Western crops. It is believed, however, that in
the early winter months currency will return to New
York a* it usually does when the crops begin to
move, when the money market will naturally ease off.
This, at least, is the expectation of Wall street, which
looks for a quiet stock market until that time arrives.
There is no stringency sufficiently severe, however,
to cause any apprehension. The Transvaal situation
is an important factor in the case, as it is broadly
asserted in some quarters that England needs the gold
mines there to recuperate her diminished supply of
gold, though English authorities pooh-pooh the bare
idlea of such a necessity.
The fact remains, however, that in this country the
needs of a phenomenally active commerce , both
domestic and foreign, arc exceeding the immediate
supply of currency, and Congress will probably be
called upon to reinforce it in some manner. When
business is as rushing as it has been for a year or two.
large amounts of money are required to carry it on,
hence as far as the money market is concerned a
moderate falling off in the volume of trade would not
be unwelcome at the moment. But there arc few signs
of any 'decrease at present. True, the distributive
trade is reported quieter in some sections, and some
States, notably California, Indiana, New Hampshire,
New Jersey and several of the Territories, show
slightly increased liabilities in failures, though, the
country at large shows less failures than at this time
last year, the suspensions being remarkably small, as
repeatedly remarked in this column. The great
staples, however, continue as active as ever, and the
bank clearances at New York, despite the interruptions
caused by the Dewey reception and the yacht race,
are larger than ever before. Thus, in spite of a- tight
money market at the country's financial center, the
business of the nation continues heavier than ever
before known. And the gratifying feature of it is
that it is apparently a genuine business, a legitimate
demand for all sorts of goods. It is a curious condi
tion, to say the least. Generally, when money ad
vances and becomes somewhat scarce trade falls off.
For the rest there is nothing new. Prices for all
commodities continue firm at the recent sharp ad
vances, and mills and factories are turning down
orders all over the country. , The demand for pro->
visions is so sharp in the West that the great packing
houses there are from a week to a fortnight behind
in their orders; and it has been often observed that
when provisions arc active business is brisk all over
the land.
The Mechanics' Institute of this city jis making a
record as a splendid school for librarians. Last week
two of its attaches were given positions in other li
braries. One went to take charge of the Mercantile
and the other of the public library at Alameda.
Even the worm will turn. The Citizens' Republican
party, stung by treacherous ingratitude, has' decided
trwit if Dan Burns wants any more touts he will have
to look to his stables.
THE TRAFFIC ASSOCIATION.
tZ__JOR some time past the merchants of St. Louis,
Chicago and other important points of the
Mississippi Valley have been engaged in an
effort to induce the Interstate Commerce Commission
to so change the existing freight differentials as to
' give to those cities material advantages over the cities
of the Atlantic and the Pacific .coasts. The movement
I urged under the lead of the St. Louis Association has
I now become a menace to the coast jobbers, and it is
; clear that unless something be done to counteract it
j the results may be seriously hurtful to our interests,
I not only in the city but throughout the State.
Under such circumstances it is gratifying to note
that the merchants of San Francisco have organized
to conserve the trade interests of California and the
coast. The Traffic Association which has just been
formed has been brought together and established
mainly for this contest. In fact Charles Holbrook
on taking the chair at the first meeting of the pro
moters of the movement said:
"We are called for the purpose of organizing a
traffic association to combat the proposition of the St.
; Louis Association, which has asked for lower differen
tials to intermediate coast points, and also for graded
rates from the Atlantic Coast to St. Louis and
j Chicago. Its effort is to secure a rate lower than that
enjoyed by San Francisco. If St. Louis can ship ioo
pounds to any interior point cheaper than we can
i ship a carload out here,- it is plain that the San Fran
cisco jobber will have to go out of business."
From the earnestness with which . our merchants
I have entered into the contest, it is evident the time
, when they were content to do business "indifferent to
fate" has gone' by. They are now aroused to the
I necessity of entering into an incessantly active com
| petition for trade and of being ever alert and
j vigorous. That in itself is a good sign of the new
era, and the city and thc State are to be congratulated
I on the change from the old order of things.
The San Francisco Association . will not have to
1 fight the battle alone. Our dispatches of yesterday
| announced that the large commercial houses of Bos
: ton, New York, Philadelphia and of Galveston realize
. the importance of the" issue to them and would on
their side oppose the aggressive pretensions of the St.
! Louis and Chicago boomers. It is reasonable to
assume that the merchants of the Puget Sound cities,
of Portland and of Los Angeles and San Diego will
join also in the contest, for in proportion to their
trade the issue affects them as much as San Fran
cisco.
Thequestion.it must be borne in mind, concerns not
only the jobbing centers but all the country round
j about them. San Francisco is the great market and
depot for all California products and whatever injures
the city will in the end be injurious to every interest
of the State at large. The Traffic Association, there
fore, merits the hearty co-operation of the people
generally in its contest for the commercial interests
of the coast, since it has for its object the welfare of
; all.
The wide distribution of appealing circulars
throughout . the country is authority for the belief
that Major General Miles wants to be President of the
United States. There are probably several other
things that the general wants and can't get.
The life of Poundmaster Slinkey of Sau'salito was
saved the other day through the sagacity of a yellow
dog. In common gratitude he should give up his call
ing as executioner of canines.
THE PROBLEM OF THE SOUTH
IN a recent issue of the Atlanta Constitution two col
ums were given to a description of a reception and
a banquet tendered to an honored guest on his
return from Europe: The hall. was filled by a large
gathering, including many of the most distinguished
men and women of the city. The address of wel
come was delivered by Governor Candler, and
speeches were made by the State Commissioner of
Education and other officials. Now the man to whom
all the honor was done is a negro — Booker T. Wash
ington.
• When Southern officials, dependent for office upon
the votes of white men. can take prominent part in
a reception given to a negro, it is clear the worst part
of the race problem in the South is over. There is
no longer an unreasoning antagonism to the black
man, no longer an invincible prejudice against his
work and his worth. Of course the fact that Wash
ington has carefully abstained from politics and has
advised other colored men to do likewise has much
to do with the favor shown by the politicians of the
South, but it would be unjust to attribute all to that
fact. The president of the Tuskegee Institute has
done and is doing a great work not only- for his race
but for his section, and the better class of Southern
whites have not only the intelligence to recognize it
but the honesty to admit it and the justice to com
mend it.
The warmth of the welcome given to the guest of
the evening was equal to any that could be given to
the most eminent educator of the white race. The
Governor said: "I am hereto-day to say I am glad
;to welcome him back to this country ,and to the
. South. We of the South need more such men.
Especially do we need them in Georgia." Colonel
Glenn, the State School Commissioner, said: "I look
upon this great man as the peer of any man of his
day and time. I regard him as being in front of one
of the greatest movements of decades — a movement
i that will produce like good to both races."
Professor Washington began his address by saying:
"The presence of the Governor of the State 'of
. Georgia, the State Commissioner of Education, as
well as other distinguished citizens of the white race,
I who join this large and representative negro audience
on this occasion, is added proof that the noblest mem
bers of the Anglo-Saxon race in the South have a
. deep and abiding interest in' the -progress of the
negro." He then went oh to discuss the race prob
lem, and among other sanguine and encouraging
things said:
"So long as the negro is permitted unmolested 10
secure education, property,' employment and is given
| the protection of the law,' I shall have great faith in
our being able to work out our own destiny. Over
and over again, while in : Europe, I had constantly
impressed upon me the advantage which the negro
has in the South in the opportunity to enter success
! I'll business as compared with poor people' in Europe.
If you ask me for the source and foundation for my
' encouragement over the 'prospects of the race, I
would point you to the negro who is engaged in busi
ness in the South. In all parts of the South 'I have
met the negro carpenter, j truck gardener, the con
tractor, the butcher, the merchant: they speak hope
fully and encouragingly. Everywhere they tell me
j that in business in the South there is practically no
; color line. Two races are to -live in this country to
j gether, and he is an enemy to both who tries to array
I one race against the other." ...-,.-. . . ,
An incident of this kind is more illuminating to
the race problem in the South than all the specula
tions of theorists, or policies of politicians put to
THE SAIN FRANCISCO MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1899.
gether. It shows that among the better and the
dominant elements of both races there is a sincere
determination to do justice to one another and to
establish a sure foundation for the welfare of their
States. Booker Washington is educating more than
the pupils who resort to his. institute. The whole
nation is learning something from him, and his
influence to-day is as helpful as that of any man of
which the white, race can boast. '•'.
THE TRANSVAAL SITUATION.
NOTWITHSTANDING the alarming reports of
imminent danger of war in the Transvaal which
come from South Africa, the declarations of
British statesmen on the subject continue reassuring.
It is true that troops and munitions of war are being
rapidly forwarded to the Transvaal frontier, but the
powers on both sides which make for peace are
strong, and unless something sudden and unexpected,
like the sinking of the Maine, should occur to pre
cipitate a conflict, the crisis may yet be passed in
safety.
There is a very strong peace party in Great Britain
and it has been actively at work on a campaign of
education during the last two or three weeks. One
of the most eminent among them, Mr. John Mbrley,
who represents a Scotch constituency in Parliament,
recently addressed his constituents on the issue and
pointed out clearly the folly of the course which the
jingoes are pursuing. Quoting the saying of Dean
Swift, "I have never heard that ten men armed to. the
teeth are not a match for one man in his shirt," he
assumed that in the conflict the British would be
successful, but argued that such success would be
unprofitable at present and dangerous in the future.
Warming to his subject he said: "The British and
the Dutch have got to live together in South Africa.
Fuse them. Do not say to one race, 'You are to be at
the top, and the other shall be at the bottom.' No.
Let there be fusion, not paramountcy. Are you going
to fight them for paramountcy when you know, apart
from its guilt, it can only lead to new burdens and
new responsibilities, and new difficulties? * * *
A war of that kind will not be a war with honor; it
will be a war with deep dishonor, and what a mock
ery will such a war. make of all the professions that
have been made, emphatically and in capital letters,
within- the last few months especially, upon behalf of
peace! What a faree — what a hypocritical farce to
send your important representatives to The Hague
to try whether something cannot be done to introduce
better principles into the relations between states!
What a farce, what an example for this country,
which has hitherto vaunted and boasted — and justly
boasted that it is in the front of great moral, pacific
and progressive causes! What an example for us to
set to the armed camps and the scheming. Chancel
leries of Continental Europe! What a shadow cast
upon the reign of the Queen! Yes, empire they say —
empire. Yes. but we do not want a pirate empire."
In addition to the moral aspects of the controversy
there are material considerations which have for
some time past been strongly affecting the British
mind. It has been estimated that if peace be con
tinued the gold output of the Transvaal mines will in
the coming year amount to about $100,000,000. There
is already felt something like a gold stringency in
Europe, and with the venture of providing a gold
standard of currency for India the British financiers
are not inclined to lightly shut off the bullion they
now have a right to look for from the land of the
Boers.
In addition to the valuable gold export the Trans
vaal has an annual import trade amounting to more
than $100,000,000, and the British have had the lion's
share of it. A war would mean a loss, therefore, to
manufacturers and merchants as well as to gold miners.
All of these items are being taken into account by the
British people and by British statesmen. Joseph
Chamberlain has been posing as an imperialist of the
military type, but by birth and training he is a trades
man. He knows the value of industry and com
merce. It is not likely that he will venture to run
counter to all the interests with which he has been
so long associated. Despite the gathering of the
forces on both sides, the promise of peace is there
lore good. Great Britain would of course like to
dominate the Transvaal, but she is hardly willing to
pay the price.
REVISION OF THE WAR TAX.
LATE reports from Washington confirm those
sent out some time ago to the effect that in
** order to provide a revenue sufficient to meet
the expenses of the Government, Congress will be
urged by the administration to undertake a radical
revision of the war revenue law. It is stated by the
Philadelphia Ledger that among the probabilities of
the revision are that the rigor of the law will be
increased,' defects which have resulted in a serious loss
of revenue will be corrected and new subjects for
internal revenue taxation will be ingeniously sought.
Such a revision as will cure in the existing law the
defects which have resulted in a loss of revenue will
be cordially approved by the people, but they; will
expect something more. Under the law as it stands
there has been practiced wholesale tax shirking by
some of the large corporations of the country, the
most notorious offenders being the express com
panies. It will be expected of Congress that evils of
that kind be remedied as well as those which diminish
the revenues of the Government.
The Call recently obtained from Senator Perkins
and the members of the House of Representatives
from California statements plainly declaring their
purpose to assist in putting an end to the outrageous
extortions which the tax shirkers have so long prac
ticed. It can hardly be doubted that a majority of
the House will stand with them on the issue, for the
wrong done by the express companies has not been
practiced in this State only. From every part of the
Union complaints have been heard and in several
States besides California the people have in many
cases appealed to the courts for redress.
One of the extraordinary features of the tax shirk
ing is that while the courts have uniformly declared
the plain intent of the law to be that the express com
panies shall pay the tax, the corporations ; have gone
on with the shirking as if the decisions of the courts
were worthless. Every day of delay adds' an enor
mous sum to the amount taken from the people by
the companies,- and yet for some reason the courts
seem willing to grant them delay. - . '• "■
It will be remembered that when 1 the corporations
wished a prompt decision on the income tax law the
courts provided a way by which- final judgment was
given before the first installment of the tax was due.
Since a similar promptness cannot be obtained in the
present instance to protect the public from- the
rapacity of the corporations. Congressional action be
comes: imperative, and it will be with no little satis
faction the people will note the undertaking of the
revision of the law. •■■ .-■>•".• * '"•..*-• ■"■■•
And they still continue to send out reports' to the
effect that the Prince. of Wales is giddy.'- As if any
thing else was to be expected of a man in such an
exalted position.
AN OPINION FROM THE BENCH.
SAN JOSE, Cal. , Oct. 3, 1899. f9__0__S__9
Editor of THE CALL— Dear Sir! i'^pMt|'
I The plan you propose to follow in iv .!^S
j the publication of articles under B"^J§§j$|f
j the head of Shakespeare, Artists Sv^'^^Ml'
History, etc., from the pen of E
so many able and distinguished Iji^Jj
writers meets with my sincere ap- wmk
proval, and I most cheerfully com- | |^{
mend your plan to all who take j : .0
pleasure in reading such topics. -________________-___»
COMMENDS ITSELF TO ALL.
OAKLAND, Cal., Oct. 3, 1899.
'»nm^ Editor of THE CALL— My Dear Sir:
jp^^*' 1 ' Your plan for the dissemination of
r *$-*■■* Editor of through the medium of
Your plan for the dissemination of
V knowledge through the medium of
K$ ' your paper cannot but commend it-
Bl- 1 ' self to all. The subjects to be
WB 1 ' Ctt: discussed are of such wide inter-
W$ #P|L est, and the contributors men of
ISjPi^^M., such known ability that I am sure
BIlP 1 '•■■iSPiH your undertaking will be to the
,,_v,- f ••*?. interests of the cause of educa-
li__»__--_____M. tion and the good of society.
Respectfully, •
J%fK ty* z£^™~-~^&A
City Superintendent Schools,
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Attorney J. A. McKenzie of Merced is
at the Lick.
H. Marks, a leading merchant of l.'kiah,
is at the Lick. . ;; :.'■
Dr. Frank S. Smith and wife of Seattle
are at the Occidental.
Dr. Rafael Zaldivar of San Salvador is
a guest at the Occidental.
S. Mitchell, who has extensive orchards
at Visalia, is at the California.
Dr. A. H. Suggett of Marysvllle' Is at
the Grand In company with his wife.
Railroad Commissioner E. B. Edson is
registered at the Occidental from Ga
zelle.
Bank Commissioner B. D. Murphy of
San Jose will ,be at the Lick for a few
days.' ..." ' , * ' . V.
Supervisor A. M. Duncan. of Mendocino
County lis registered -.at the Lick from
I'kiah. ••■■  - '■■-'■- ,--i.- '
Frank M. Swasey, Register of the Land
Office at Redding, is stopping at the
Grand.
Bank Commissioner A. W. Barrett came
up from Los Angeles yesterday and reg
istered at the California.
11. W. Turner of the United States Geo
logical Survey arrived in the city yes
terday and Is registered at the Lick.
Julius Kane, a merchant of Newman;
A. M. McDonald, a Sonoma mining man,
and T. C. White, a Fresno banker, are
registered at the Lick.
J. V. Tuttle of Omaha arrived here
yesterday to assume the position of chief
clerk under General Agent W. D. San
born of the Burlington Route.
Captain A. D. Miller of Seattle. W. M.
Wyatt of Fresno and Thomas Fennell of
Portland. Or., are at the Grand from Cape
Nome, where they have claims on Anvil
Creek. They brought with them some
fine nuggets that assay $19 to the ounce.
Five thousand people at Anvil City are
waiting to get out before winter sets in.
Coal and lumber are scarce and there will
be a shortage of provisions if some do not
succeed in petting away. Wages range
from $7 to $20 a day, and there will be
plenty, of work next winter. They con
sider Nome and Oolovin Bay a better
country than Dawson, and will go back
in the spring.
R. S. Forbes, representing a London
electrical concern, arrived from Peru yes
terday and is at the lack. He has just
closed contracts for the electric lighting
of Lima, and will return shortly to ar
range for some projected electric roads.
He says that the country is in splendid
commercial and financial condition. A
steam road Is contemplated from Arroya
to the silver mines at Cerro de Pasco.
The newly elected President. Edouardo
Romano, has succeeded Don Nicolas Ple
rola. who four years ago, at the head of
a revolutionary party, drove President
races out of power and served his con
stitutional term with great credit. p
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
The Japanese battleship Shik'shim.i was
recently docked at the Portsmouth dock
yard and is now progressing with a series
of trials, which will take about two
months.
The German cruiser Victoria Lu'.se of
5650 tons, built at Bremen, has passed
through her forced draught trial, develop
ing a speed of 19.1 knots. The contract
call< d for 20 knots.
The British battleship London, built at
the -Portsmouth dock yard, had the keel
laid December 7, IS9S, and was launched
September 21. taking less than nine
months to build and half completing a
15,000-ton ship.
Through the Introduction of modern
guns aboard ships In the German navy
there has been effected a considerable re
duction in the; personnel. The Branden
burg's complement of 575 tun been cut
down to 552; Sachsen from 410 to 375 and
Slegfreid from 255 to 225. ?.;- .
The British cruiser Powerful has left
the China station and is due at Ports
mouth, October 23. Her place . will be
taken by the sister ship Terrible. Both
vessels will pass through the Suez Canal
and their draught, which in seagoing con
dition is 27 feet, will have to be reduced
to 25 feet 7 inches. This will be effected by
taking out all the coal except the neces
sary quantity to steam through the canal.
The annual depreciation of modern war
vessels has been figured by Japanese navy
officials to range as follows on the first
cost: Armored ships, 3.9 per cent; un
armored vessels. 5.4 per cent, and 6.5 per
cent on torpedo craft. According to this
showing an armored ship completed dur
ing the present year would in ten years
hence only represent a value of 61 per cent
of her first cost, an unarmored vessel 46
per cent and a torpedo craft would be
worth only 35 per cent of the original cost.
As, however, it is reasonable --to assume
that the vessels had been kept in good I
repairs during this period at an average j
expenditure of say 2 per cent per annum; i
the alleged depression should be reduced j
correspondingly. As a matter of fact the j
hulls of the two first types are practically j
indestructible if properly cared for; the j j
motive power may also be preserved for i
a great number of years with proper j
treatment, and the only serious and un
preventable depreciation of the' vessels
enumerated is due to. the fact that they
rapidly become obsolete, and • there are
scores of these in the several navies.; ...
A third-class sheathed cruiser, named
Infernet, was launched at Bordeaux Sep
tember 7. She is 2452 tons displacement,
311 feet 8 inches In length. 39 feet 4 inches
breadth and 15 feet 6 inches draught. The
engines, of 8500 horsepower, are to give a
speed of 20*4 knots. Her battery embraces
two six-Inch, four three and a half-Inch,
eight six-pounders and ten one and a half
pounders. The launching, took place with
the engines and boilers' in the ship, and
she] will be rapidly completed. '•''.'■; ,
The Canopus, British battleship of 12.950
tons, recently completed, passed through
her eight-hour full-power trial on Sep
tember 12. With 289 pounds of steam the
revolutions averaged 10S5, developing 13,763
horsepower and giving a speed by log of
15.5 knots.' The coal consumption was only
1.72 pounds per horsepower per hour. The
designed horsepower was 13,500, which
was exceeded by 263. but the intended
speed of 18.75 knots, fell short by one
fourth of a knot, if the log recorded accu
rately. The ship was down to a draught
of twenty-six feet on an even keel, which
exceeds the draught legend by seven
inches, or about 350 tons extra displace-]
ment.
Great difficulty was experienced in
building the Oriental drydock at Shang
hai. The soil was muddy sand, without
cohesion, and to secure a solid foundation
3500 twelve-inch piles of twenty-four foot
length were driven over the area of the
bottom. These piles were capped longi
tudinally, upon which again transverse
stringers were laid, all of which timber
work was bedded in seven feet of con
crete and floored with three-inch plank.
The keel-blocks are spaced with four-foot
centers, with six piles under each block,
and when recently a vessel of war weigh
ing 7000 tons was docked there was no
sign of sagging or other infirmities of the
structure.
A sheathed cruiser of 6375 tons is to be
built at the new Russian Government
yard at Windau. The vessel is to be 412
feet in length, 53 feet 6 inches beam and
20 feet 8 inches draught. The engines,
with twelve Normand boilers, will devel
op 20.000 horsepower to give a speed of
23 knots. lucre will be three funnels and
two military masts and the armament
will be composed of four S-lnch and two
turrets, twelve 6-inch Canet quick-firers
of 45 calibers, of which eight in casemates
and four on upper deck; twelve 3-inch
50-callber quick-firers in battery and eight
6-pounder Hotchkiss, besides five torpedo
tubes,' of which two are under water. The'
cruiser will have the unusual high free
board of 20 feet 6 inches.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
MARY ANDERSON-E. H. P., City.
Mary Anderson, the actress, was born In
the city of Sacramento July 28, 1559.
THE CULTIVATOR-S. S., French
Camp. Cal. The California Cultivator is
published in the city of Los Angeles.
MISS PERMEAL FRENCH— R. P., Ala
meda. Cal. The sketch of Miss Perineal
French was published in The Call of De
cember 28, 1898.
NO SPECIAL VALUE— H. F. A.. Maga
11a. Butte County, Cal. A United States
dollar coined either in San Francisco or
in Phaladelphia does not command a pre
mium.
SIGNOR TAMAGNO-V. Q., City. This
department has not been able to ascertain
the exact number of times that feignor
Tamagno. the singer, has been in the
United States. He- has. however, during
the past four years appeared in New York
City and once in San Francisco.
TO CLEAN SHELLS— J., City. The fol
lowing is given as a method of cleaning
shells: Make a lye by boiling strong
ashes; allow it to settle; pour the lye over
the shells and boil them six or seven
hours, or longer If they are large. Then
soak and wash often in fresh water.
MINING LOCATION— B. J., Port
Wine, Cal. A married woman has the
right to locate a mining claim, and she j
may locate on the. same lode With ncr
husband and adjoining his location. A i
minor could locate a claim, but a minor !
cannot give a power of attorney. - Without ;
a power of attorney a father could not
locate for his minor child, but he could .
make a location as trustee for his child. ,
BIG GUNS— L. L., City. No twelve or
thirteen inch guns were used by the
United States vessels in the j attack on
the Spanish - fleet at Manila. Thirteen
inch guns were used in the bombardment
of the city of Manila. Twelve-inch guns
were fired from the Texas and Puritan
in the attack on Mantanzas and thirteen
inch guns were used in the pursuit of the
vessels of the Spanish fleet that escaped
from Santiago Bay. -.„.•_.
MEMBERS OF THE
SYMPHONY WIT
TO REORGANIZE
Directors Are Slow
to Act. .
— * .
AMPLE. FUNDS AND LEADERS
•— —
INEXPLICABLE DELAY OF THE
ANNUAL REPORT. ;
♦
Subscribers Are Indignant Because
All Information Regarding the
Plans of the Society Are
Withheld.
There la music in the air. symphony
music at that, and some jarring notes.
Some of the most prominent members of
the Symphony Society are indignant, be
cause they have so far been unable to
obtain a satisfactory statement from the
secretary in regard to the funds and
plans of the society iir this season. They
claim that unless an official session Is
called before the fifteenth of this month
they will call a special meeting and de
mand information as to the standing of
the society. In fact, the date for the spe
cial meeting has been fixed for the
15th of this month and notices to this
effect will be forwarded to the members
unless an official meeting is called by the
directors before that date. ;
The members having regularly sub
scribed to the concerts believe themselves
entitled to inforr anon as to the work of
the society, usually the symphony sea
son commences September 15 or there
abouts, and now almost a month has
past since that date and nothing has been
done. It is asserted that the surplus fund
should amount to about 52.000, and that
this sum is sufficient to reorganize a new
series of concerts. ■ • -;
Dr. H. J. Stewart, president of the so
ciety, claims that, on account of the fact
that the musicians have raised their rates
from $5 to J*, it would be financial sui
cide to give a series of concerts this sea
son, and in this contention he seems to
have some • supporters. - Other members
claim, however, that at least an effort
should be made to solicit subscribers and
notify the members to renew their sub
scriptions. Such an effort may turn out
to be so successful that a new series of
concerts would be a possibility. *
Secretary Harold Wheeler claims that
efforts had been made to call a meeting,
but they were in vain, while the members
state again that they have so far not
received any notice. Harry H. Campbell
claims that* he settled with the secretary
at the end of last season and that the
society was in nourishing circumstances.
It would seem, therefore, that the mcm
i bers are corroborated in their claim that
I something should be done to revive mat-
I ters. ' •<',-. . •• .
Another obstacle that seems to be ad
i vanced by one side is the lack of a
! leader. To this the members present the
i names of three capable gentlemen, Oscar
i "Weil, who has led symphony concerts be
! fore and proved a successful conductor;
Max Hirschfeld. who has proved his effi
ciency on many occasions, and Henry
Holmes, for whom a petition is being cir
culated by many prominent members of
the society. Fpon being asked whether
Hiev were willing to accept the position,
each of these gentlemen declared in the
affirmative. • • "v.
Having sufficient funds and there being
no Jack. of a leader the members do not
see why there should be any more delay
i in the matter, and a number of them
! have therefore decided to take some ac
; tion and agitate a movement to reorgan
ize. Mr. Campbell states that a large
number of the, old subscribers have sent
in their applications for new cards and
are now impatiently waiting for informa
tion. Upon inquiry it was found that
a great many of the subscribers are anx-
I ious to have a new series of concerts, and
j while Fritz Scheel was the most efficient
i man they could have desired for this po
sition they do not see why another capa
; ble musician cannot give San Francisco a
I series of symphony concerts which It
needs and to discontinue which would be
j musical suicide.
CALL'S TRIUMPH APPRECIATED
Stockton Independent.
THe Call and New York Herald seem
to have scored quite a success by the
wireless telegraph used in connection with
the yacht race. xhe bulletins appear to
have been both frequent and accurate.
Of course, we cannot expect the com
petitors of those papers to make this ad
mission, but in the interest of truth and
science it must be recognized.
Odd Telegrams.
Excitement is often the cause of strange
telegrams as well as of strange manifes
tations. A man who had been one of the
passengers on a shipwrecked vessel was
rescued almost by a miracle. On arriving
at the place from which he could send a
telegraphic message he forwarded the
following dispatch to his brother: "I am
saved. Try to break it to my wife."—
Youth's Companion. ic v
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's. •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public, men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. *
Joseph Jefferson is a great tea drinker
and has lately been warned by his physi
cians to give up the habit lest it should
imperil his health, which, since his illness
of last winter, continues very poor. ■ "
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, regu
lates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other cause?. For sale by druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for. Mrs.
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle. ""'
HOTEL DEL CORON ADO— advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at ho
tel; longer stay. $2 50 per day. Apply at 4 New
Montgomery street, San FrancUco. "
Little Tompkins (on his dignity)— Marie
I've been a good husband alt these years'
Have been patient and have put np with
every humiliation; but (fiercely) the worm
has turned at last! You shall not have
my son's trousers cut down for me.—
change. .;•■":..=; V >-; i^.:*-'. ..
ADVERTISEMENTS. ,
Can't Stand CW
Many children can't
stand cold weather. The
sharp winds pierce them
and the keen air hurts them.
They have cold after cold,
lose flesh, and' Spring-time
finds them thin and delicate.
Cecils dmuUtcTL
will make such boys and
girls hearty and strong.
The body is better nourished
and they are better . pro-
• tected. The blood becomes
richer and that makes them
warmer. '•;!
. __ *°°. * nA $'•<»» all druggists. ' ■■'
SCOTT A BOWNE, Chemists, New York.INCENSE MARKS
THE FESTIVAL
OF DEDICATION
Used at Church of St.
Mary the Virgin.
♦
ENGLISH EDICT REJECTED
■■ ■ ♦
THE INITIAL SERMON OP REV.
P. B. BARTLETT.
«
New Pastor Proves an Earnest and
Forceful Speaker' Rev. W. H.
Ratcliff Celebrant at the
Tenth Anniversary.
The tenth anniversary of the Church or
fit. Mary the "Virgin was celebrated with
impressive services yesterday morning,
and was marked by the first appearance
In the pulpit of the new pastor, Rev. J.
Brelthwaite Bartlett.
The dedication services were opened
with a solemn procession led by the cele
brant. Rev. Father W. H. Ratellff, ac-
REV. J. BREITnWAITE BARTLETT.
companled by Arthur Post el, master nt
ceremonies; Waldo Postel, cruclner;
Charles Cook, thurifter, four torch-bear
ers and a number of acolytes.
Notwithstanding the edict of the
Archbishop of England, declaring illegal
the burning of incense and the carrying
of processional lights, both of these fea
tures formed an interesting part of the
ceremonies. The edict was the subject of
a sermon delivered by Father Ratcliff re
cently, in which he said that the Arch
bishop's prohibition of incense entirely
and of the use of candles In processions
would not be accepted in this country,
because they grounded their opinion on
an old act of Parliament, passed in
Queen Elizabeth's time. It is the opin
ion of Anglican divines in America that
the decision does not apply to American
churches, as it concerns matters of form
and not of faith. It had not been gener
ally accepted in England, and would not
be here.
After the procession J. T. Draper's mass
was sung by an augmented choir under
the leadership of Miss Homer, the or
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TETTER OK HANDS
troubled for years. Sore All Over.
Could not use them. Spread over
Arms, Neck, and Face. Smarted
Like Fire. Physicians no Benefit.
" Tried CUTICURA. Immediate
Belief. Permanent Cure.
I had been troubled with totter for severs,!
years. At times my hands would be sore all over,
ao that I could sot use them at all, and were so
tender that dear water, even, smarted like fire,
and it spread over arms, neck, and face. I had
been treated by physicians, but without benefit, .
•when I began the Crmoniu remedies. J found
relief before I had taken the Jlret bottle. I used
three or four bottles of Cuticdra Resolvent,
one cake of Ccticcba Soap, and one box of
Ccttitra (ointment), and it hat never troubled
me since. ELLA CURZON,
March 10, 1188. Kpplnghajn, DL
BLOOD POISON CURED
By Cuticura Resolvent
One of my children ran a rusty nail into hie
foot, which was most painful. Bis blood got
out of order, and sores broko out on his hand*
and feet. I gave him ono bottle of Ccticura
Resolvewt and need one cake of Cuticcba
Boat, principally as a aalre, and the child re-
covered. Mrs. J. 6. FUKKN,
March 15, 189*. Markham, Fla.
CUTICURA RESOLVENT
Begins with the Blood and Ends with
The Skin and Soalp.
That Is to say. It purines the blood and circu-
lating fluids of Hex ob Gbbms, and thus removes
the cause, while warm baths with Ccticcba Soap,
and gentle anointings with Octiocba (ointment),
greatest of emollient skin cures, cleanse the skin
and scalp of ernsts and scales, allay itching, burn-
Ing, and Inflammation, soothe and heal. Thus are
speedily, permanently, and economically cured
the most torturing, disflgarlng humors of the
•kin, scalp, and blood, with loss of hair, when th*
best physicians and all other remedies fall.
Sold throughout tho world Pottbb D.ooO. Coir.,
Bole Props., Boston. " How to Cure Every Humor," free.
SAVE YOUR 8WH a nfiS-m& , *«
gainst, isiamer's •&anctus." an old
Anglican chant, "Sursum Corda," and
the communion hymn, "Hail to the
Body," were also-intoned.
In his sermon Father Bartlett took for
his text the eleventh verse of the third
chapter of First Corinthians. "For other
foundation can 'no man lay than that is
laid, which Is Jesus Christ." Father Bart
lett proved himself an earnest, forceful
speaker and quite won the hearts of his
congregation -by his quiet buc effective
oratory. He spoke of the foundation of
the spiriitual structure, which is not ma
terial in character but is In each Individ
ual soul.
"St. Paul's great faith In Jesus Christ,"
said Father Bartlett. "prompted him to
utter the words of the text I have chosen.
Jesus Christ has laid the foundation of
his church and priests and Bishops are
merely instruments. It is not Just that
the latter should be regarded as superior
to the cnurch Itself. We often hear peo
ple say, 'I belong to Mr. So and So's
church, or I like Mr. Blank's preaching.'
My impression is that individual teach
ing jor preaching is not the standard, but
the church itself should be given the im
portance It possesses as the temple of
Jesus Christ.
"You that have been baptized should
rear a temple on that foundation of faith
that will be worthy in the sight of God.
We should feel the need of making our
selves fit to stand In his presence on the
last day."
Father Bartlett was born In Buffalo, Is
33 years of age and a graduate of the
Western Theological Seminary of Chi
cago. He resigned as rector of St. Paul,
Long Island, to accept the vacancy made
by Rev. Herbert Parrish, who is now
pastor of the Church of the Advent.
MISS LYONS WORK
AMONG THE ARABS
Miss Mary Lyons, who for eighteen
months past was one of the two workers
in the Peniel Mission at Port Said, Egypt. !
was the guest of the local mission at 49
Third street yesterday afternoon. Miss
Lyons is a Jewess, her grandfather hay- I
ing been chief rabbi of Jerusalem. They '
were both converted to the Christian re- >
ligion at Mount Zion, where the daughter
was born. i
Miss Lyons told of her conversion by
Miss Vansant, one of the Port Said work
ers, who visited Jerusalem during a se- I
vere illness, from which she afterward
died.
"I became interested in the good work,"
said Miss Lyons, "through the kindly
character of Miss Vansant. Her lovable
ways and her implicit faith in the Lord
so impressed me that I joined her at Port
Said and entered the work, to which I am
anxious to return.
"There is much to do in Egypt, especi
ally among the little girl children whom
the Moslems do not regard very highly.
We have established a school which be
gan with twenty pupils, but now numbers
thirty-five little ones, who are learning
the word of God. We go among the poor
people in their wretched mud huts and
experience no difficulty in persuading pa
rents to allow their little daughters to at
tend the school. We have become very
much encouraged in the saving of these
little souls. They are eager to be taught
the lessons in the Bible and several are
able to repeat from memory a number of
verses In the holy book."
To-morrow afternoon there will be an
other meeting and Miss Lyons will wear
the Arab costume which she uses when
working among the natives.
NO DESIRE TO ECONOMIZE.
School Directors Destroy Desks That
Could Have Been Repaired.
The latest School Board scandal prem
ises to give the Directors who are at pres
ent undergoing Grand Jury investigation
a great deal of trouble before the end is
reached. The deal In which the Supplies
Committee la now involved tends to show
that Directors Conlon and Gedge have lit
tle regard for the welfare of the School
Department in the expenditure of the
funds. Their extravagance became so no
torious seme months ago that the board
shut down on them and limited them to
an outlay of $2500 a month. Instead of
obeying instructions they ran up in three
months' time bills amounting to $30,000.
The Weber & Co. claim for $10,000 for
desks was the subject of special consid
eration Friday night by the Finance Com
mittee. Conlon told the committee before
it met that he had only contracted a bill
for $3500, and In tho face of that positive
statement the Arm produced jConlon'a re
quisitions for the amount claimed. The
bill Is for (jesks, and in this connection it
is interesting, according to Director Head
that more tiian 500 desks were destroyed
a short time ago by tho supply depart
ment, which could have been repaired at
little cost had there been the least desire
on the part of Conlon and Gedge to be
economical.
The dismissal of Grant Cole, assistant
storekeeper, followed closely upon the dis
covery of the last scandal and tho an
nouncement of the smashing of the second
band desks. Although Cole's father Is a
member of the board he could not save
hi.* son's official head. Cole says that his
dismissal was in the line of economy, but
he does not like the reference Director
Head made to the unnecessary destruc
tion of desks Just before the ax fell. The
members of the board Insist that Cole's
dismissal had nothing to do with the im
pending scandal.
The Finance Committee has decided not
to allow Weber & Co.'s claim and the firm
will have to fight it out with Conlon and
Gedge, who ordered the goods.
Same old story. Good time ' Sunday, sick
Monday. Headaches, nervousness, dyspepsia.
Remedy, Baldwin* Celery Soda, 10c.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 9. 1«99.
GRACE CHURCH
CELEBRATES ITS
GOLDEN JUBILEE
Historical Sermon by
Dr. R. C. Foute.
- ♦— '
NOTED DIVINES PRESENT
m
A BEATJTTPTJL AND ELABORATE
MUSICAL PROGRAMME.
«
The Offertory Is Set Apart as the
Beginning of the Endowment
Fund. of the
Parish.
Grace Episcopal Church celebrated Its
golden anniversary yesterday with im
pressive and beautiful services. The
imposing structure of brick and stone at
the corner of California and Stockton
streets has become, in the course of
years, one of the landmarks of the city.
Founded in the historic year of 1849, it
has grown from modest beginnings and a
small congregation to its present pros
perity and strength.
Its seating capacity was tested to the
utmost yesterday morning. The congrega
tion of Grace Church has Its full share of
the social leaders and conservative
wealthy families of this city, and
the scene presented at the por
tals of the church after the ser
vices was one that will not be soon
forgotten by those who witnessed it.
Many Episcopal clergymen were present,
among them being Bishop Nichols, Arch-
Deacon Emery, Rev. M. D. Wilson sec
retary of the convention; Rev. Professor
Lincoln of the Church Divinity School;
Rev. Dr. Shaw of St. Luke's and the Rev.
Dr. McClure of Oakland.
The sermon of the Rev. R. C. Foute was
replete with Interest to the congregation,
and was given the closest attention. It
was an historical review of the church's
history, Ailed with many statistics of Its
growth. Dr. Foute closed his address
with a strong and hopeful view of the
future of the church, which has accom
plished so much In the past.
The fiftieth anniversary of the church
was especially marked by the purposes to
which the offertory taken yesterday are
to be devoted. The amount is to be set
apart, and is the beginning of the endow
ment fund of the parish. The church
workers expect to increase this fund
rapidly.
The music, under the supervision of
REV. R. C. FOUTE.
William H. Holt, the organist and di
rector, was rich in spiritual Inspiration
and impressive in its beauty. The volume
of sound in the "Hallelujah" chorus, the
opening anthem, and in the "Te Deum"
and "Jubilate," from the sixteen male
voices of the choir, swelled and vibrated
In sweetest harmony throughout tho lofty
edifice. The offertory rendered was
"Praise Jehovah," by Schubert.
In the evening the regular Sunday
services wore rendered.
THE SABBATH DAY.
Sermon by the Rev. F. B. Cherington
of Plymouth Church.
The Rev. F. B. Cherington preached last
evening at the Plymouth Congregational
Church on the text "Remember the Sab
bath Day to Keep It Holy." In part he
said:
One. of the most priceless gifts of God to men
Is the Sabbath. One day In seven set apart
by the holiest sanction to rest. Left to him
self man never would have devised It. His
own greed and that of his employers would
have prevented it. Even If once given as an
Institution it could not have been preserved
except by the most solmenly binding religious
guards and injunctions. The physical man
needs the regularly recurring rest. The in
tellectual nature needs the opportunity it
affords. The spiritual nature requires the
sacred privileges It brings. Every Interest of
the Individual Is fostered by it, the home life
is strongly strengthened by It, the social and
civil life is broadened and ennobled by it. In
all Its features and all its results It bears
evidence of being a direct gift of an all-loving
and all- wise Heavenly Father to his children.
Jfafrzhu&lnv
Is Invaluable to nurslnpr mothers, feeble chil
dren, the aged and Infirm. Its merit Is as
sured, being prepared by the Anheuser-Busch
Brewing Ass'n.
Gunning for His "Wife.
James Glffen, alias Grlbben. while under
the Influence of liquor, entered the Thalia,
Market and Turk streets, last night and
threatened to shoot his wife, who was
drinking there. He was arrested by Offi
cers Coleman and McGee, who found a
revolver on his person. He was taken
to the City Prison and booked for carry
ing concealed weapons.
TULARE CAPITALIST
DIES IN THIS CITY
SOLOMON SWEET, a prominent busi
ness man of Tulare County, was
was summoned by death on Saturday
evening at his residence in this city.
He was born in New Worms, Ba
varia, seventy-two years ago. At eighteen
he reached New Tork. Several years later
he set out for California, arriving here
in 1851. He mined in Marposa and a few
years later opened a general merchandise
store at Aqua Frio. In 1857 he removed
to Visalia and there laid the foundation
of the S. Sweet Company, one of the most
successful houses of Tulare County.
In connection with Julius Jacob and
Charles Hyde, Sweet built and was for
many years a director in the Goshen and
Visalia Railroad. He also identified him
self with tho resources of the San Joa-
quin, becoming one of the largest grain
land owners In the valley. He was also
president of the California Fruit and Land
Company.
Mr. Sweet leaves a widow and several
grown up children. The funeral will be
held under the auspices of the Masons,
of which organization he was a prominent
member for many years.
"SILVER" LANE,
THE UNCROWNED
"KING OF NOME"
Brings Back Another
Fortune.
* — '
ARRIVES ON THE TOWNSEND
♦
LATJRADA AGAIN NARROWLY
ESCAPES DESTRUCTION.
She Left Seattle Overloaded and Had
Twice to Put in and Discharge
Cargo on Her Way to the
Golden Cape.
The steamer Townsend returned yester
day morning from Cape Nome via Dutch
Harbor with news of the steamer I
Laurada's narrow escape from destruc
tion and with C. D. Lane, the millionaire j
mine owner, aboard. -
The Utlca mine has paid Mr. Lane many
a good dividend, but he expects Cape !
Nome to pay him thousands of dollars '■
for every cent he has ever taken out of
THE UNFORTUNATE STEAMER LAURADA.
the famous quartz mine. As a small
sample of what he will get out of Nome.
Lane brought with him on the Townsend
five sacks containing about 600 pounds of
gold dust and nuggets which he values at
$150,000. Not a bad stake for a first sea
son's venture.
C. D. Lane was one of the first rich men
to reach Cape Nome and he went pre
pared to buy and also to stay. He char
tered a schooner on Puget Sound, loaded
her with lumber and coal and sent her to
Nome. He purchased the Townsend here
and built a small launch called the G<>ss
lin. The Town-end he loaded with sup
plies and the Gosslin he sent north on a
steam schooner.
Everything reached Cape Nome in safe
ty and < * D. Lane's camp near Anvil City
is the finest and best equipped in the dis
trict. His brother-in-law had been on
the ground months before Lane's advent,
and he had staked out a number of rich
claims, Mr. Lane followed suit, and
whenever he saw a valuable location he
secured 11 11 the owner would part with
it at a reasonable figure. Thus, by pur
chase, he secured many valuable claims,
and his grub-staked men secured others.
Lane will be "King of Cape Nome" next
season, as his mines are some of the best
in the district.
"When Lane goes to Cape Nome next
year it will not be in the Townsend. He
will cither purchase or build a steamer
capable of carrying 2000 tons and in it
he will travel to the new El Dorado. He
says the richness of Nome has not yet
been fully realized. Gold is everywhere
and as plentiful in the sands of the ocean
as in the creek beds. It will be a hard
winter for those who remain this year,
as the shelter Is very bad and fuel scarce.
While the Townsend was in Dutch Har
bor the old filibustering steamer Laurada
put in there in distress. She has been
having a very hard time of it, and once
struck on the rocks and came very near
to being wrecked. The crew of the Town
send say the Laurada was overloaded
when she left Puget Sound. Soon aftei
passing out through the straits of Juan
de Fuca her troubles began. Her cap
tain took the inland passage, but that did
not save the overladen vessel. In the
heavy weather she became unwieldy and
finally the captain had to put into a port
of call and discharge some of his cargo.
The stuff was put out on the beach and
a member of the crew left to keep watch
over it.
After discharging the Laurada put to
sea again, but the heavy weather contin
ued, and the captain, finding that she was
still overloaded, put Into Matlaketla.
where he discharged a lot, more of his
cargo. After that the vessel seemed to
be all right, but before she reached
Dutch Harbor she went on a ledge •of
rock, and for a time It looked as though
she was doomed. She, however, slid off,
and made the harbor without any more
mishaps. The captain was looking for the
steamer Cleveland, now in the neighbor
hood of Cape Nome and St. Michael, and
if he could charter her he would send her
back after the goods put ashore on the
way up. The season is now about over,
however, and the people on the Town
send do not believe the Cleveland could
get down to Matlaketla and back again
before the Ice closed In.
The old Laurada has been very unfor
tunate. A few years ago she was nearly
wrecked oft St. Michael: last year she
went ashore on the narrows while leav
ing Vancouver, and now she is in trouble
again.
Banquet to Lieutenant Dowdall
A banquet was tendered to Lieutenant
R. Dowdall of the First California last
evening at a downtown resort by the
members of Hesperian Parlor No. 137, N.
S. G. W. R. P. Doolan delivered an ad-
I dress of welcome, and called attention to
I the fact that Lieutenant Dowdall was
I among those that had received commis
! sions during the war for meritorious con
| duct. A beautiful gold badge was pre-
I sented to Lieutenant Dowdall by J. Fenn
; in a well-chosen speech. Charles Ellert
' presided, and a number of toasts were
j proposed by prominent members of the
order.
VANDERBILTS
ANXIOUS ABOUT
CITY OF PEKING
Special Train Awaits
the Young Heir.
— »
PENNSYLVANIA ALSO BEHIND
• •■ —
SOLACE HAD HEAVY WEATHER
OFF JAPAN COAST.
«
Mail Steamer May Have B-><:n De
layed at Honolulu — Trans
ports Being Chartered. by
• Uncle Sam.
The Mail steamer City of Peking and the
transport Pennsylvania are being anx
iously looked for. The Vanderbllt people
want the Peking to come in, as Alfred
G. Vanderbllt is aboard, and a special
train has been in waiting ever since last
Friday on the Oakland mole to carry
him to New York. The Pennsylvania has
the Washington volunteers aboard, and a
delegation from Seattle, Tacoma and all
the principal Puget Sound ports has been
here nearly a week awaiting a chance to
welcome home the gallant boys from the
northern State. Friday, Saturday and
Sunday nights the Vanderbllt people have
had a tug in waiting to take the young
heir off the steamer as soon as she
dropped anchor, and should she get in to
day he will be rushed over to Oakland
and will go Hying East at express speed.
The naval hospital ship Solace, which
arrived from Yokohama Saturday night,
left one day after, the Peking and two
days after the Pennsylvania. She had
some heavy weather after leaving Yoko
hama, and it may. have been responsible
i lor t:.L delay of the mail steamer and
transport. inuring the nrst we_k of the
run tne Solace nau some very heavy
weather to contend against, She sailed
on {September 20, and tne first day she
only made 131 knots against tne gaie. Sn« .
is a good oOu-knot ship, yet all sue could
maKe against the storm lor the succeed
ing nine days was as follows: - 212, 129, !
- -. -..'. 282, 278, 250, 153 and 256 knots.
Thereat ter she made better than 300 knots
a day until port was reached.
'the mail steamer City of Peking left
Yokomaha a day and the transport Penn
sylvaiaa two days ahead of the Solace,
it was blowing hard when the Peking
sailed, and Captain Dunlap of the hospi
tal ship decided to remain in port. The
next day the storm showed no sign of
abating, so. the Solace put to sea. The
chances are that the Peking and Pennsyl
vania both got the same kind of weather
as the Solace and were delayed thereby.
The Peking may also have beeen detained
at Honolulu. She had the America
Maru's passengers and freight to dis
charge there, as well as her own, and
that would mean another twenty-four
hours' delay. Still, she is now out nine
teen days from Yokohama and should
certainly reach port to-day.
The Pennsylvania left Yokohama on
September Id. and it was Captain' Broom
head's Intention to follow the great cir
cle. The Solace only went as far north as
latitude 46 and had fine weather. Upon
the great circle rodte. however, there has I
been some very heavy weather. It will
probably be found that the Pennsylvania
has been hove to on several occasions
during the voyage.
The transport Tartar is now out twen
ty-five days from Hongkong and the New
port thirty-two days from Manila. Both
vessels are a little behind time. The Tar- |
tar is coining here direct, and as an aver- '
age passage from Hongkong via Yoko- !
hama is only twenty-six days she should
certainly be heard from soon. The New
port V} as not been heard from since she
left Manila, and as she may have been
detained at Nagasaki there is no telling
when she will get here.
The British steamer Benmohr, which ;
arrived yesterady from Kobe, Japan, with
3 1 IK) tons of coal, will be fitted out as a >
transport as soon as her cargo is dis- I
charged. She is a fine roomy vessel, about !
the same size as the collier Robert Adam- I
son, and will probably carry about a thou- I
sand troops. Captain Wallace reports
heavy weather off the Japanese -coast and
also a heavy westerly swell a couple of
days before the Benmohr reached port.
The Russian steamer Dalny Vostock :
now on her way from Yokohama to Hon- '
olulu with a cargo of .Japanese contract !
laborers, will come on here to be used as
a transport. She is a good carrier and
should arrive about the end of the month.
The City of Peking, on her arrival, will
also be taken as a transport, and the j
Pennsylvania. Tartar and Newport will
go back as quickly as they can be got I
j Telegram! j
i- Los Angeles, Oct. 4, 1899. 1
\ Big Panoche Oil Co., If
San Francisco. Si
. Placed order for rig with g
I: McAfie. ji
I H. E CORBETT.
... |
p Shares at $1 80 until the rig
is on the ground, then price goes
to $3 per share.. Don't delay.
! _ I
1 BIG PANOCHE OIL CO,,
I Adams Building, 206 Kearny St , 1
Ii San Francisco. ■'. »
I PFOSPECTUS FREE. ' |
40BK. rnot«»A?n» KIT (3 "Br* PL B H £?^
fern «r^ " cuun Mil HI So
sS^§Si?¥/*fc THE NEW
kt Day. atMsj^*, -lv m en £v p v
t3TI3T 10th Day. *.Ss) -'*>L % S itCillVlsSD
YITALSS 204hDs *- SK. a Rpsficny
PRODI ( EH THE .< ROTH 30th Day.- IlEstfl ill
RKSI'I.TS. It surely removes Nervousness, Inipoter.cy,
Wightiy Emissions, Evil Dreams Wasting Diseases and all effects
of self-abuse or excess and indiscr*tlon. Restores Lest Vitality
Power and Failing Memory. . Wards off Insanity and Consump-
tion, Cures when all others fail. Insist on oaring 'J IT-M.IB,
no other. Can be carried in the vest pocket. By mail $1.00
Kir package or six for $5.00 with a guarantee to Care or
5?V , J!9.1!!5 s* on *I> Circular Tree. Address
CALI MET CCR£ CO.. 884 »ear»ern St.. Calcas*
Sold by Owl Drug; Co., S. P. and Oakland.
ready, bo that another big fleet will bo
ready to sail for the Philippines . before
the month Is out.
The Solace will go to the navy yard to
day. The time-expired men who came up
on her will be paid off and the vessel will
go on the drydock for an overhauling.
BACK FROM FROZEN NORTH.
Schooner Bonanza Returns From a
— Prisoners on the Rev
enue Cutter Sear.
Th© schooner Bonanza arrived yester
day from Point Hope with 17,000 pounds
of whalebone, ten bundles of skins, fifteen
packages of furs and two packages of
ivory. Captain Smith reports leaving
Ponit Hope two days after the whaler
Mary D. Hume. He thinks he would have
beaten the latter down had it not been
for contrary winds. The Bear had two
prisoners, a white man and an Indian, on
board when she spoke the Bonanza. Both
men are accused of murder. The Indian
killed a gold hunter on Kotzebue Sound
for his provisions and the white man an
Indian chief during a quarrel. Both men
will be tried at Sitka.
The crew of the Bonanza had consider
able news of doings in Alaska, but it has
all been exploited by earlier arrivals.
The Pacinc Mail Company's steamer
San Jose arrived from Panama and way
ports yesterday morning and was placed
In quarantine. One of the Chinese pas
sengers was sick and, as yellow jack is
epidemic at Panama, the quarantine offi
cer ordered the vessel to Angel Island.
An examination showed the Mongolian to
be suffering from some simple ailment, so
the vessel was released and went to her
dock. The following cabin passengers
came up on the steamer: Franklin E.
Moore, Dr. R. Zaldwar, Max Rhode and
son, L. Wilhelmson, Robert Porter, Pearo
Tiexido, Jose Tonalla, Bruno E. Webber
and Chris Murkleson. The passengers re
port that lazarettos are being built at
Panama to accomodate the yellow fever
patients and that a strict quarantine is
being enforced on the isthmus.
Chinese Celebration Closes.
The festival of the Ghee Kung Tong
came to Its conclusion at an early hour
this morning. The closing and most im
posing ceremony of burning the josses
that have reigned In a profusion of splen
dor In the house on Spofford alley for a
year was performed at 4 o'clock this
morning, after which the sounds of rev
elry died, away, the cymbals ceased their
clanging and the regalia was stored away
in dry goods boxes to serve in the next
annual least of the family. Thousands of
people passed through Spofford alley last
night, visiting the josshouse and listening
to the weird services. The significance of
the event is the feeding of the needy rela
tives of the Ghee family.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ir. ■ ■
3*rorn 97frs. Suntor
to 7/frs. Pinkham.
> * I
[ [LETTER TO MRS. PINKHAM NO. 76,244]
> "One year ago last June three doc-
i tors gave me up to die, and as I had at
\ j different times used your Vegetable
j Compound with good iv ,ults, I had too
! much faith in it to die until I had tried
I it again. I was apparently an invalid,
■ was confined to my bed for ten weeks.
: (I believe my trouble was ulceration of
I womb).
"After taking four bottles of the
Compound and using some of the Liv»r
; Pills and Sanative Wash, at the end of
two months I had greatly improved
and weighed 155 pounds, when I never
before weighed over 138. Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound is the
best medicine I ever used, and I recom-
i mend it to all my friends." — Axna
Eva Gunter, Higginsville, Mo.
Mrs. Bamhart Enjoys Life Once More.
\ " Dear Mrs. Pinkham— l had been
sick ever since my marriage, seven
years ago; have given birth to four
children, and had two miscarriages. I
had falling of womb, leucorrhcea, pains
; in back and legs; dyspepsia and a
nervous trembling of the stomach.
; Now 1 have none of these troubles and
can enjoy my life. Your medicine has
j worked wonders for me." — S.
, Barnhart, New Castle, Pa.
; " —
I EUGENE FIELD'S POEMS,
A $7.00 BOOK.
The Book of the century. Handsomely
Illustrated by thirty-two of the World's
Greatest Artists.
GIVEN FREE
to each Derson Interested In subscribing
I to the Eugene Field Monument Souvenir
Fund. Subscribe any amount desired.
Subscriptions *as low as $1 will entitle
■ donor to this daintily artistic volume
i "FIELD HLOWERS"
! (cloth bound, 8x11), as a. certificate of sub-
j scription to fund. Book contains a selec-
tion of Field's best and most representa-
tive works and Is ready for delivery.
But for the noble contribution of the
world's greatest artists this book could not
have been manufactured. for less than $7.
The Fund created Is divided equally be-
tween the family of the late Eugene Field •
• and the Fund for the building of a monu-
ment to the memory of the beloved poet
of childhood. Address
EUGENE FIELD MONUMENT SOUVENIR FUND
ISO Monroe St., Chicago.
, (Also at Book Stores.)
If you also wish to send postage, enclose
10 cents.
Mention this Journal, as Adv. is Inserted as
our Contribution.
• •••»•••• ...»«.«...«»»«♦■
♦ 4
ii The undoubted luxury and comfort, v
ii unequaled cuisine, location and mod- 
, 1 crate charges have made the 
♦ PALACE and \
♦ GRAND {
ii ii
' ' the most popular and fashionable ho- ' '
' ' tels In San Francisco.. Operated Jointly "
" under one management. Correspond- il
ii enc© solicited. il
ii JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK. n
f Manager. 1 1
AMUSEMENTS.
tivoiJTpera^use^
GRAND AND ENGLISH OPERA SEASON.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT
;:' Balfe's Melodious Opera,
"SATANELLA."
"Satanella" repeated Wednesday, Friday even-
ings and Saturday matinee.
Grand Verdi Birthday Celebration Tuesday
Evening.
Scenes from "AIDA," "OTHELLO," "TROVA-
TORE," "ATILLA." etc.
Verdi's Tragic Opera,
"ERNANI"
Thursday. Saturday, Sunday Nights
A Superb Cast of Favorites Nightly !lt
POPULAR PRICES— and 50c.
Telephone for Seats, Bush 9.
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
ADGIEzS^Va^&tLIONS
A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW
Including BABY RUTH ROLAND, the Child
MarveL
Champion High Divers.
AMATEUR NIGHT— THURSDAY.
Phone for Seats, Park 23.
Bee the 15 GIANT GALAPAGOS, ALL ALIVE!
AM "PRINCESS," the BIG ELEPHANT, In
,B the Zoo.
a , ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT S3.
' LIEBENBAUM
**» Co.«*
. 1 222-224 SUTTER STREET. '+
• 1 |
I X SPECIAL REDUCTIONS f
I X Monday— Tuesday— Wednesday J
i+— . x
\ X Babbitt's Soap 15 cakes for 50c -X
i 4" Every purchase limited to $1. +
1 X Coffee, "Kona" fro^ffl?<* 20c >♦
i 4- Roasted or ground fresh, every day .4.
+. on our own premises. Regularly 25c. "7
; X Mi*. Manzanil'a qt 25c +
I •♦- Extra largre. Regularly SOo. X
I X Roast Gblcksn 2-lb tins 25c $
. 4- Finest Eastern. Selected fowl packed .4.
j4- In jelly. Regularly 35c. T
: X Deviled Ham, P. &W. tin 15c X
J 4 Regularly 200. '+
: X Chutney, East India bot 40c X
lj T Unexcelled. Just received full as- 4-
T_ sortment. Regularly 600. 4-
-1 X Curry Powder, East India X
' 4 New shipment... 4 oz Boa 16 os -+■
• 4 Now 200 350 650 X
: +. Regularly 250 40c 750 T
i X Shelf Paper, & T Pe d quire 15c +
T 12*33. Pink, red, blue, white, yel- "♦"
"T low. Regularly 20e. -♦■
. 4- Towel Racks, 3 prong 50c X
; 4" Heavy nickel plated. Regularly 73a. -*.
• X Alcohol Lam. "French" 65c I
1 X Regularly H. -4
X Wood Alcohol qt 35c gal $1.25 X
j + Regularly 45c and $1 50. "♦"
X Sweet Wines, Assorted 3 bots $1.00 X
tPure California Port. Sherry, Tokay, 4"
■4- Angelica, Muscatel, Madeira. Regu- 4-
4. larly 50c bot. .a.
X Blackberry Brandy . pt 35c qt 65c j
.4. Pure. For medicinal use. Regularly .4.
T 50c and 90c. T
4 Mara chino Cherries pts 40c ♦
4" "Victor." This season's pack. Spe- .4.
I 4" dally put up for family use. 4.
I ♦ » ♦♦♦♦» 444444444-4- ♦♦M ♦ ♦
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBI^HIEATERr
AGAIN TO-NIGHT.
The Brilliant Vaudeville Operettta,
The JftiTjEol I Eddie Foy,
BlgSMt n^isfi. JosiedeWitt
comedy s|»^ p y FhH H. Rylej
Hit l€rlr^l cctayie
ofthe T^iU^Y Barre
Tear - 1 '^^J^M Etc., Etc.
From the Herald Square Theater, N. T.
ORIGINAL COMPANY.
ORIGINAL. PRODUCTION.
ORIGINAL. CHORUS OF FIFTY.
Special Farce Comedy Prices,
$1. 7r»o, GOc, 250.
FLORENZ TROUPE,
HOWARD'S PONiES,
LE PACE SISTERS,
LA PETITE ELSIE.
MR. AND MRS. HAROLD HASKINS,
HAWAIIAN QUEENS,
FOREST AND KINO,
SEYMOUR AND DUPREE,
FRANK CUSHMAN.
Reserved seats. 23c; balcony, 10c; opera
chairs and box seats, 600.
Matinees "Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
ALCAZAR_JHEATER.
TONIGHT AN S IBB
$% mi
fe JIM
% PENMAN!
Elegant Scenery and Stage Effects.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND BUNDAY.
NEXT— "A MASKED BALL."
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 63*
THIS EVENING,
Beautiful, costly, and unique production at
Lecocq's sparkling comic opera,
Giroflejiirofla
USUAL POPULAR PRICES— 15, 25, » and
60 cents.
Best Reserved Seat at Saturday Matinee, Jsa,
Branch Ticket Office Emporium,
CALIFOBNIATBEATER|r«
GREAT OVATION. BRILLIANT AUDIENCE
LAST NIGHT.
THE HOME-COMING OF THE FAVORITE
YOUNG AMERICAN TRAGEDIENNE.
NANCE O'NEIL.
Direction of McKEE RANKIN.
TO-NIGHT and Tuesday Night.
"PEG WOFFINGTON."
"Wednesday. Thursday and Saturday Matinee.
The New "CA>ilLL£."
Especially translated from the French version
used by Sarah Bernhardt.
Friday and Saturday Nights,
"THE JEWESS."
October 15— Last week of NANCE O'NEIL.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1899 -CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB-1900
Winter Meeting, beginning SATURDAY, Sep-
tember 23. 1599.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday. Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:13 p. m sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1. 1:30. 2. 2:30 and 3 f. m.. connectlni
with trains stopping at the entrance to th*
track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
All trains via Oakland Mole connect with San
Pablo avenue Electric Cars at Seventh and
Broadway. Oakland. Also all trains via Ala-
meda Mole connect with San Pablo avenue
cars at Fourteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
These electric cars go direct to the track In fif-
teen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
asiißcfs
%*& FAVORITE
INSCRIPTION
m FOR WEAK WO MEM.
56
Ti/est. I
SENATORS
AND LOCALS
BREAK EVEN
Seme Poor Rail in the Morn
ing and an Excellent Aft
ernoon Contest.
San Francisco 8, Sacramento 2.
Fans hereabouts baked and roasted yes
terday with the sun streaming in their
faces, but they didn't seem to caro as long
as Harvey or Doyle was hit and the boy
at the scoreboard liked up something
for San Francisco. The afternoon game
redeemed the home team for their hyper
bolically bad playing in the morning, and
the occupants of the bleachers and oven
like grand stands at Recreation Park were
satisfied.
J«. •■'• fifth Inning it was rouna neces
sary to remove Harvey from the box and
Doyle was put in his place, it was an
unlucky change. Doyle was hit four
times In this very inning and the fire
works continued until the game was fin
ished. There were all kinds of pyrotech
nics exhibited, the locals tarnishing the
greater eiiare.
'in. first inning brought San Francisco
a ran by a single by Hildebrand; a steal
10 second anu an error by Siulu giving
him the opportunity, to score, in the third
Bruckhoft canterca to first on balls and
by some wild fielding of liildebranci*
snort bit scored. Hiluebrand scored lnVer
on Krug's hit. Pyne added a run to the
local's l:si In the tourth, and In the f'»l
lowing tnree others made ths score read 7
to 0. King sj.lit the hall (or a single and
Sullivan aid the same, both men being ad
vanced a step by the sacrifice of Court
ney. Then came Reiily, the swatter, and
he. just did three bags' worth, scoring
Krug and Sullivan. A hit by Muller sent
HciUy homeward.
in the fifth Sacramento worked one man
ever the rubber, Sheehar - itched the
left field with a hot grounder, stole his
second station and scored on Ford's hit.
Hero the Senators rested until the ninth,
when £hannhun rounded I le- hug*, earn
ing all the bases. i's no scored a run for
the locals In tins same Inning.
The tjazr.u was .10 interesting one for
the spectators; there being numerous hits
and \> ry few errors. Bah Francisco has
nine ciphers in its error column, while
Sacramento is tabulated with three single
strokes. The fielding of the local nine was
cxceprjpnal; especially that of the three
men in the far territory.
Saturday's game having been a tic and
each team winning a match yesterday,
the leader,^ are In the some position as
they were- a week ago. The score;
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. B 811. SB. Pi 1 A. E.
Bro Uho.T. :h 1110 13
Hildebrand, rf 5 2 3 110 0
Krug, ."..'..' ". '. 2 'J 0 4 0
SuliUsn, ■• 11! 'i 5 v 0
Courtney. Ib 5 o i I' II 0 0
Reiily. :b 5 110 4 3 0
Hyna, er' 2 2 1 1 4 l 0
Mc'.ler. If 5 0 , 3 .0 1 0 0
lbu:->r, p 5 '.' 0 0 0 (I
7c tab) i'> S IS 2 27 15 0
SACRAMENTO^
AB. It. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McLaughlini If 4 0 l  1 o 0
Harvey, cf .'. p .401 0 5 41
ECajran, s. a |04 0 SOt 1
Stann y. a 4 o 2 0 3 1 1
U'.yle. |i ft uf 4 v 1 0 1 0 0
,h ri.ahar., lb 1 l l 0 t 1 0
-:•■ eban. 2b 4 13 112 0
stultz 2b 4 0 0 0 1 2 1
Ford, rf 2 0 0 v 3 0 0
T.-.tai? ?,1 2 S 1 27 10 3
RUNS ANO HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 1 0 2'l 3 0 0 ) I— S
Base hits ! 0 .' 1 4 1 2 1 I— l 3
Sacramento 0 p 0 •> 10 0 0 I—2
j ;:<?.:• hits old 1 - U 1 0 3— a
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible fofrUburg ? Doyle 3. Three
l ar-.- hits— Reijly, Shethan. Two-base is—
Hildebrand, Brjokhoflf, Muller. Do-le. Sacri
tic • Rit-r-Courtney. I'.rst base on ennrs- San
Frar.cir-co 2. Flrbt base on called bally— San
Franejsco 4, Sacramento l. Lett 01 bases—
San Francisco 9. S;--rani u nto 4. Struck out—
By I burg 3, by Ppyle 2. by Harvey 1. Double
pi.'iyt — Krug to Reiily to Courtney 2. l'assed
ball- Stanley. Wild pitch— Harvey. Time -of
ganie— Two hours. umpire— O' Council. Offl
eial acorer— J. W: Stapleton.
MORNING GAME.
Sacramento 8, San Francisco 5.
The Initial morning game at the Recre
ation grounds between Sacramento and
San Francisco was anything but baseball,
and the score tells nothing of the listless
contest, that was more or lea/ a riot of
errors.
Fireman Fits was touched With streams
of hits in the early part of the game.
When the lire broke out in the hills he
steadied down, for the fear was in his
heart that he might be called upon to put
out the burning brush, as he could not
put out the Statesmen.
Doyle; for the Senators, was not mis
used, although Reiily caught one of his
curves In the bulge of his bat and the
ball went Bailing far away. it mounted
the center field fence, alio Reillv jogged
around the bags, the small boy on the
rocstlng bleachers touting an accompan
iment to his course.
In the third inning Fltzpatrick was
mauled, for three 'te, which, combined
with errors, resulted In four runs for the
Senators. These, added to the brace of
tallies In the first inning, gave Sacramento
a lead -which the locals could not over
come. In the fifth Sacramento scored two
runs.
For the locals Pyne scored in the sec
ond inning, after which nothing happened
until the eighth, when ffeldebrand Court
ney and Reiily crossed the rubber. In the
ninth Muller went to first on a hit scor
ing on Brockhoff's hit to far center. A
few pretty double plays were the only fea
tures of tiif game. The score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. UH. SB. PO. A. E
Brocknoff, 3b &s. a.. 4 0 1 11 2 5 3
Hildebrand, if 5 110 0 0 0
Krug, s. a. & 1b.... 5 0 0 0 2 6 2
Sullivan, c 4 0 0 0 4 1 0
Courtney, lb 4 1 1 0 12 0 a
Reiily, 3b &Sb 3 1 1 9 1 2 I
Pyne, of 4 1 1 0 1 0 0
Walb-r, If 4 1 2 0 1 0 0
Fltzpatrick, p 3 0 0 0 1 3 0
Totals 37 5 7 1 24 Fi 1
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
McLaughlin. If 5 I l 0 3 0 i
Harvey, of 3 0 1 1 2 0 1
Eagan, a. a 4 3 2 2 2 5 [
Stanley, c 2 3 1 0 6 0 0
Doyl». p 3110110
Bhanahan, P> 4 1 0 0 11 0 0
Bheehan. 3b 4 1 0 0 2 4 1
etultz. ?b 4 0 2 0 1 2 0
Deunie, i- 4, 0 0 0 0 0]
Totals 33 8 8 1 27 13 ~5
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 0 1 0 i) 0 0 o*B 1— 6
Bate hits 1 20000022—7
Sacramento 2 0 4 0 2 0 0 0 •— 3
Baas hits 3 0 302000 •— 8
SUMMARY .
Runs responsible for— Fitzpatrlck 2, Doyle ]
Home run— Reiily. Two-base hit— Doyle. ' Sac
rlttc hits— Harvey. Fltzpatrick. First base on
errors— San Francisco 4, Sacramento 6. First
base on called balla— San Francisco 1, Sacra
mento 2. Left on bases— San Francisco 7
Sacramento 5. Struck out— By Fltzpatrick 2
by Doyle 4. Hit by pitcher— Double
plays— Stultz -to Faann to Shanahan Reiily to
Krug to Courtney, Krug to Reillv to Courtney
Passed Sullivan. \..1<1 pitch— Fltzpatrick
Time cf game— l hour and 45 minutes. Um
pire—O'Connell. Official scorer— J. W. Staple-
AND CRABS LOSE TWO
OAKLAND, Oct. 8.-The Oaklands won
two games from the Santa Cruzans
to-day at Freeman's Park. The Sand
Crabs proved to be a bunch of lobsters.
The heat was intense and both sides ap
peared in had humor.
In the morning game Hutchinson of
Oaklands was the first man up. He hit
Pitcher helsn In the leg with a straight
liner, laying him up for the time. The
ball bounced off to the third baseman,
who threw it to first, putting Hutch out.
ihe I lay was a peculiar one. The only
other feature of the forenoon game was
Moskinmn home run bit for Oakland in
Sporting Stents from All Over the World.
the second Inning, when he brought
home Lange. and Smith. During the fifth
Inning, Devereaux of the lobsters proved
himself so obstreperous over a decision of
Umpire Graves, when the latter had called
Moskinian safe on first, that he had to be
tent to the bench and fined. The score
was as follows:
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. TO. A- E. 1
! Hutchinson, lb 3 2 0 2 Ii 0 0 I
i Hammond, c 4 0 3 0 7 1 0'
I Hardie. rf 5 0 2 0 110 ;
: Donovan, cf 4 0 0 l 2 0 1 1
| Dunleavy, 2b C 12 0 3 3 1 !
i Lange. Sb 4 2 2 3 2 0 0 i
Bcbmeer, s. a 3 10 10 4 2
. Mosklraan, If 4 12 14 0 0 j
j eteffanl. p 2 0 4) 0 0 0 1
I Borchere, p 2 0 10 0 " 0
j Totals 36 7 10 S 27 9 6 !
SANTA CRT'?.'.
| AB. R. 811. SB. PO. A. E. '
McCarthy. 3b * 2b.. 4 0 t 0 0 0 2
. Babbitt, i. s 3 110 10 0 i
' Devereaux, 8b 3 1 0 0 3 2 ol
Drennan, cf 4 l 9 0 4 0 0
I Clark, rf & 2b 4 0 10 12 1
; Strelb. lb 4 1 2 0 5 1 J
; Dalrympie, If 3 1110 10
1 Morrow, <• 4 1 1 0 2 0 0
' Whelan. p 4 0 1 0 2 1 0 |
Andrews, rf 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 1
j Totais 3.7 6 7 1 24 7 4 j
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland 0 4 1110 0 0 •— 7
Bane hits 0 9 1 1 2 0 1 2 •— lO :
Santa Cruz 0 10230000—
Base hits 2 2 0 2 l 0 0 0 o—7 J
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Steffanl 1, Whelan 4.
Home run— Mcsklman. Two-base hits— Whelan, j
Hardie, Strelb, Lange. Hunleavy. First base
on errors— Oakland 3. Santa Cruz 2. First base
on called ballsy-Oakland 7. Santa Cruz 3. Left
on bases — elalcland 12, Santa Cruz 6. Struck
' out— By Borohers 2, by Whelan 1. Hit by
\ pitcher Dalrympie. Time of game- Two hours
, and thirty minute.;. t'mplre— Craves. Official j
i scorer- 11. S. McFarlin,
Tim afternoon game opened with noth
; ing doing until the second inning, when
: Dunleavj of Oakland made a hit, went to
second on an error, stole third and came
j home on an error. The Santa Cruzana did
nothing until the third inning, when An- !
| drews got a base on balls, went to second i
| on a wild pitch and scored on, McCarthy's I
; single. The latter also scored on Dever
! eaux'a two bagger. In the fourth inning !
Donovan of Oakland hit to left and made
first, slid to second and ran home like a I
scared hare. Donovan's bunts proved ai
clever feature during the afternoon game. !
In the fifth inning a bad fumble let in (
j Donovan and Lange for the Oaklands, di- |
I rectly after one of Kchmeer's grounders. j
| The remaining four innings were marked
with that tired feeling. The score for the I
afternoon game was as follows:
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
i Hutchinson, lb 5 0 10 6 0 l 1
i Hammond, c 0 2 3 1 9 2 lj
I Hardie, rf 5 110 10 0 1
Donovan, cf 5 3 2 112 0
, Dunleavy. 2b 5 2 3 2 3 1 1 '
i Lange. 3b I 2 0 2 3 2 0
Pehmeer. s. s 5 110 0 2 0 1
lloskiman. If 3 110 3 0 0|
HOT TIMES AT THE BIKE RACE OVER SAN LEANDRO ROAD.
Harper, p 4 0 3 0 110
Totals 40 12 11 6 27 10 3
SANTA CRUa
.Alt R. BH SB. PO. A E.
: McCarthy. 2b 5 2 2 0 3 4 2
Babbitt, s. h 4. 0 10 3 2 2
Devereaux. lib 4 0 10 13 2
Drennan, cf 4 0 0 1 3 0 9
Clark, rf 3 0 10 10 2
' Streib. lb 3 10 0 7 2 1
Dalrympie. It 4 0 0 0 3 0 0
Morrow, c 4 1 '2 0 2 1 0
Andrews, p 3 10 0 112
Totals 34 5 7 1 24 II 11
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
! Oakland 01033023 •—
Base hits 0 l l 3 1 2 3 I •— l4
Santa Cruz 0 0201100 I—s
Base hits 0 0 2 0 3 1 0 0 I—7
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Harper 3, Andrews 5.
Two-base hits McCarthy, Devereaux, Dunleavy,
Morrow, lloskiman, Hammond. Hardie, Dono
' van. Sacrifice hit- Lance. First base on er
ors — Oakland 4. Santa Cruz 1. First base on
called balls— Oakland 2. Santa Cruz 3. Left
on bases— Oakland 6. Santa Cruz 6. Struck
out— By Harper 9. by Andrews 1. Hit by
pitcher— Babbitt. Double play— Devereaux to
Morrow to Streib. Wild pitches— Harper 1.
Andrews J. Time of game— Two hours and
twenty minutes. Umpire— Graves. Official
scorer— H. S. M Purlin.
CHICAGO WINS TWO
GAMES IN ONE DAY
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Clubs— W. L Pet. | Clubs— W. L Pet.
Brooklyn ....97 45 .683 Pittsburg. . .V, 72 .510
Boston ii 54 .630 1 Chicago 75 72 .510
Philadelphia 92 55 .620 Louisville ..73 76 .410
Baltimore ...84 58 .tot New York... >; 88 .384
St. Louis.... S3 66 .651 Washington CI 96 .347
Cincinnati ..79 66 .643 Cleveland ...20i2>» .i".4
CHICAGO, Oct. 9.— Chicago won two games
to-day. Cleveland being very easy. Louisville
had Waddoll In the box and he was a hard
proposition, although the Orphans hit him op
portunely. Lange's steal home In the second
game was the feature of the day. Attendance,
7000. Score, first game:
Clubs- R. H. E.
Chicago 13 15 5
Cleveland ' 0 8 • 0
Batteries— Taylor and < banco: Hiighey and
Sugden. Umpire* Latham and Connolly.
Score, second game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 7 9 2
Louisville 3 7 l
Batteries— Griffith and Chance; Waddell and
Lattlmer. Umpires— Latham and Connolly.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. ».— The Perfectos took the
first game and tied the second with Cincinnati
to-day. St. Louis made ten errors in the first,
but was lucky and won' out by good batting in
the ninth Inning. Attendance, 11,100. Score,
first game:
Clubs— r. h. E.
Pt. Louis f) ii jn
Cincinnati 7 7 3
Batteries— Young, Powell and O'Connor;
Hawley and Kahoe.
I Score, sec, 11. i game:
„ Clubs— R. „ E
St. Louis i 4 %
Cincinnati 14 0
Batteries— and O'Connor: Hahn and
Wood. Umpires— O' Day and McDonald.
Sloan's Mount Unplaced.
PARIS. Oct. The race for the Prix
dv Corsell was run to-day, and was won
by Labnros, with Fourier second, La
mento third. Sly Fox, with Sloan up
also ran, but was unplaced. The odds
against Sly Fox were 50 to 1.
Austrian returns Indicate that there are
in that country 1101 persona whose income
exceeds 40,000 florins a year, and who are
therefore, rated e.s millionaires.
THE SAN -FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1899.
OLYMPICS
WIN AGAIN
ON THE ROAD
Splendid Team Work Secures |
for Them a Magnificent |
Cycling Trophy.
The Olympic Club Wheelmen added
, fresh laurels to their road-racing fame
yesterday; by winning the annual twenty
mile event of the California Associated j
Cycling Clubs, run over the San Leandro j
triangle. 1
Yesterday's event was one of the four
big road races conducted by the associa- j
tion annually, and the trophy contested ]
for is the most valuable one offered, be- !
j ing a magnificent silver cup donated by
I Baker ft Hamilton. Yesterday was the I
j fourth time the race has been run. It j
I was won In 19.% by the Acme Club of
Oakland. In. 1887 the Bay city Wheelmen \
i took it. and last year the Olympics. The j
I cup has to be won three times by ono J
j club to become its personal property, and ;
I thus the Olympics have now obtained a j
j decided advantage.
A novelty in yesterday's race was the .
j Indiscriminate pacemaking allowed by a j
I new rule of the association. It proved as ,
j fair for one club as for the other, but j
i did not result in any broken records. The I
j Olympics' competitors were the Bay City •
I Wheelmen of this city and the Garden j
| City Wheelmen of San Jose, the tatter 1
club entering a team for the first time in
the history of the race. The Acmes ot I
1 Oakland did not put in a team this year. I
realizing, probably, that the Olympics'
men were almost unbeatable, a fact which
was predicted in yesterday's Call, and so
It proved. Careful training and splendid
pacing arrangements, added to the speed
of the riders themselves, did the trick,
although the result might have been dif
ferent, or a closer finish resulted, if the
Bay City man on the fourth relay. R. J.
Black, had not been overcome with heat
and fatigue and been obliged to quit when
I '.•• race was half run, thus throwing his
team out- entirely.
The Garden Citys made an unexpectedly
good showing for their Brat attempt at
this race. They kept up about even on
the first relay, lost two minutes on the
second, but gained 8 minute in both the
third and fourth bunches. They lost the
race on the last lap by over two minutes,
their rider being unable to hold the Olym
pic man, E. A. Hozio.
Of the Olympians the greatest credit is
due to E. O. Kragness, who was their
first courier away. Me fell three times,
sustaining severe bodily injuries each
time, but came In bruised and bleeding
seven seconds ahead of the next man, ii
Bay City, and twenty-three seconds-ahead
of the Garden Cityite, His ride was truly
marvelous under the circumstances, and
showed wonderful grit and endurance.
Along with Kragness, equal honor Is due
Bozlo, who landed his club 2 minutes
22 3-5 seconds ahead at the finish, and
made the fastest ride of tho day, covering
the twenty miles In 52 minutes. 13 2-5 sec
onds, within two seconds of Kraft's rec
ord for the course, made in 1896. M. G.
Francis, Garden City, was next best In
point of speed, being 44 seconds slower
than Bozio.
The twenty-mile event of the association
is a curious one in its way, as it requires
each man on each team to ride the full
distance. Then the not riding time of the
live men from each club is added togeth
er, and the team riding the fastest In the
aggregate Is declared winner. In such a
sweltering hot day as it was yesterday at
San Leandro it is small wonder that many
of the men came In completely fagged out,
and one, as In Black's case, collapsed be
fore the finish was reached.
The race started at Fitchburg at 10:50
o'clock. Fitchburg is about three miles
this side of San Leandro. Taking the
county road to San Leandro (three miles),
the riders then traverse the famous San
Leandro triangular course (eight and a
half milts around!') twice, making the total
distance twenty miles. One man from
each team, making a group of three
riders, with their respective pacers in the
lead, started at the appointed time and
rode the full distance of twenty miles.
Another bunch followed them five minutes
later, and so on at Intervals of five min
utes until the five groups were away.
The following was the net riding time
of the three teams:
•Did not finish.
Fastest time. ISB9, E. A. Boslo, 52:13 2-B Ree.
ord. Charles A. Kraft, 1898, 62:11 2-5. '
Great credit, is. due Chairman, w, L.
Loos of the association racing board for
the excellent manner, in which the event
was managed, and he in turn modestly
blames it on the officials he appointed.
An immense crowd was at the finish, yet
the course was kept clear and the timers'
and judges' scores were accurate to a dot.
The Oylmpie Club entertained the win
ning team in an informal way at the club
house last evening, and -will banquet them
later on. The Bay Citvs, who are good
losers, but who have had a hard run of
luck lately, also held a jolification at their
home. There were dark hints thrown out
that perhaps their bulldog mascot.
"Mike. ' had survived his usefulness, and
some think that nothing but his demise
will shake off the- hoodoo.
SHELL MOUND SHOOTING
Good Scopes Made by Marks-
men at the Monthly
.Contests.
Rifles popped at a lively rate yesterday
at Shell Mound, where the various Ger
man shooting societies of San Francisco
were holding their monthly contests for
prizes. There was not the faintest indi
cation of a breeze and the conditions for
big scores were all that could be desired
by the most exacting; and the big scores
were forthcoming, as will be seen by the
following summaries:
• Germanta Schuetzen Club monthly medal
shoot— First champion class, J. Utschlg 425;
second champion class, F. Rust 402; first class.
J. Gefken 409; second class, J. F. Bridges 390;
third class, .1. Beuttler 327; beat first shot. C.
H. Goetze 24; best last shot. J. Utschlg ii.
Bushnell medal— F. P. Schuster 220, J. Ctschlg
214. D. B. Faktor 213.
Competition for class prizes— E. H. Goetze !
74, D, McLaughlin 73. Dr. Rogers 71. .1. Utschlg
71. I). B. Faktor 71, F. P. Schuster 70.
Norddeutscher Schuetzen club monthly bulls
eye shoot— I". P. Schuster 303, August Hohmann i
483, John tie Wit 656, Otto Lenricke 810. John I
Gefken MO, John D. Helser 819, Frank Koch
MO. Captain John Thode 1048, D. Salfield 1139
11. ll her 1250, D. Schlnkel 137?. " amela 11Jd -
Independent nines' monthly medal shoot-
Lieutenant E. Moennlng 39. H. Kuhlke 3S
Corporal P. N. Schonig 36, Corporal C. Fred!
erlckson 33. H. Goetgen 34. R. Hither 32 G
Lellenberger 29, C. Iverson 31. 11 Marzoff 29 -
F. H. Latin 24. C. Granz 21. Dr. W A Meier:
dlerks 20, F. Wild 16. C. 11 Melerdierks 14 F
Felix 14. J. Heinbockel 7. Prizes will be 'dlsl
tributed at Saratoga Hall, 814 Geary street
next Sunday night. street.,
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club monthly
; class shoot— Rifle class scores: D. W Mo
Laughlln 225, 220; F. E. Mason 222 214- Dr"
L. O. Rogers 221; J. E. Gorman 220. 202: F W
Belknap 219, 209; C. M. Henderson 201. ' 201:
EN. Moore 204; E. Wanne 189, 178; J f"
Bridges 173. * *'
Pistol class scores: Dr. L. O. Rogers 93; J
E. Gorman 93; .1. F. Bridges 80. 74; E N
Moore 79; C. „ M - Henderson 78, 74; Major
Tompkins ,6. 73; C. Roberta 71 71- F W
Belknap 64, 63; I), W. McLaughlin. 92, 90.
CHAMPIONS LOSE A MATCH.
Pacifies Defeat California Cricketers
With Three Wickets to Spare.
The champion cricketers of ISM failed to
win the last scheduled match of the sea
son yesterday, being beaten by the Pacific
team by IS runs. The California captain
won the toss, and sent the scarlet and
blacks to swelter in the field. The Cali
fornia? played three men short, and were
all out for 113 runs, A Dickenson, 57 and
E. J. Loughman, 20. being the highest
scorers. Coles took 5 wickets for 33, and
Casldy 2 for 21. *
For the Pacifies C. Simmonds batted
well for 48, while J. J. Theobald contrib
uted 28, C. P. Coles 27 and J. H. Harbour
18. When time was called seven wickets
were down for 131. and the champions
were beaten by 18 runs. Slonian took four
wickets for 65, and Dickenson 2 for 30
The full scores are given below:
CALIFORNIA CRICKET CLUB.
A. Dickenson, c. Myers, b. Casldy 57
B. Q. Sloman, b. Coles ' \ 5
E. I. Loughman, b. Harbour '.'.'.'..'. 20
a. Willis, c. Harbour, b. Coles .-7; *6
O. J. Thomas, c. .1. 3. Theobald, b. Casldy" 11
C. Y. Williamson, not out 0
J. Brown, p. McDonald, b. Ojles .....'. 1
K. W. Watts, c. Casldy, b. Coles .'...'.'. 0
J. D. Robertson, b. Coles 0
Byes, 8; wide, 1; no balls, 2.,- \ ji
Total *713
Runs at fall of each wicket— One for 17, two
for 63, three for 60, four for 106, five for 111
six for 113, seven for 113.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler— B. R. M. W
Coles 84 83 1 5 I
Harbour 78 45 1 1
Casldy 64 21 3 2
Simmonds 18 8 1 0
Coles bowled two no balls.
PACIFIC CRICKET CLUB.
C. Simmonds, c. Willis, b. Sloman 4S
J. Myers, b. Dickenson 0
(J. Theobald, b, Dickenson 3
11. C. Caaldy, 1. b. w., b. Sloman 4
C. P. Coles, st. Willis, b. Sloman 27
H. P. O. (lonian, not out 1
.1. J. Theobald, c. subs., b. Sloman 23
J. H. Harbour, b. Thomas 18
E. F. Musaon. not out 0
A. W. Wilding, did not bat 0
W. McDonald, did not bat 0
Byes 2
Total i3i
Runs at fall of each wicket— for 0, two
for 8, three for 13, four for 62, five for 101, j
six for 129. seven for 129.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler— B. R. M. W.
Dickenson 90 39 3 }
Hl. .man 138 63 2 4
Williamson , 24 15 0 ol
Thomas , ...24 10 0 0
Sunday's Handball Games.
The sport at Ryan's handball court, '
868 Howard afreet, yesterday was above
the average of Sunday's games. The ex- I
ceeding heat brought forth an abundance i
of moisture from those who stripped for
court exercises, Following are ' the j
scores:
F. Burke and B. Clements defeated I
William Ccllins and E. Murphy.: Score,
-17. 19-21, £1-14.
J. Sharp and \V. Hassell defeated D.
Mahoney and R. Dolan. Score, 21—14,
16-21.' 21-10. ■ . ,
C. Lakln and C. Jockey defeated P.
Muni and C. Smith. Score, 21—11, 13—21,
21-16.
M. Basch and P. Rvan defeated E.
Murphy and E. Antron. Score, 21—13,
17-21, 21-19.
J. Condon and William Collins defeated
T. Eeach and B. Clements. Score, 21— 16.
10—21, 21—15.
W. Walsh and W. McLaughlin defeated
E- Antron and E. Murphy. Score, 21—
13—21, 21-15.
W. McLaughlin and W. Fisher : defeated
J. Hogan and T. Foley. Score, • 21— 11,
14-21, 21-17.
R. Regll and E. White defeated T.
Serres and A. Whlteman. Score, 21— 19,
20—21, 21-18.
J. Harlow and T. Leach defeated IW. i
Magulre and E. Toy. Score, 21—17, 12—21,
21— lo. -.-,,. I
Four members of Company X, Montana '
Regiment-Miles Kellv and J. F. Fltz- j
Patrick defeated J. Fltzpatrick and A.
O'Malley. Score, 21— 10. 11—21, 21— 14.
TWO STAKES
FOR METALLIC
IN A MONTH
Pasha Kennels' Greyhound
Wins After Desperate Cours
ing at Union Park.
|Metalllc,the best of the greyhounds rep- I
resenting' Pasha kennels in the coursing
field, accounted for. another stake at
Union Coursing Park yesterday. Late In
the afternoon she had a desperate course
with Warship, In which the hare took
the dogs completely around the field. Both
dogs fell from exhaustion after the kill,
and it seemed impossible for Metallic to
recuperate sufficiently to come back
again. In the succeeding round she re
ceived an "accidental" bye, and again
was called upon In a severe course, the
hare being as fast as a bullet.
In the final Metallic met the Eastern
greyhound. Mountain Beauty, that had
been equally unfortunate throughout the
day. Three of her courses were "no goes,"
while the majority of them were long
ones. When wagering commenced on the
final. Mountain Beauty was made favorite
at odds of 5 i" 1. So much money was
offered on Metallic that the odds receded
rapidly to 3 to 1, at which figure most of
the money was placed. The llnal was run
at dusk and the result was never in doubt.
Metallic led from slips, and ran as though
It was her first time out. The Beauty had
not recuperated from her former efforts
and could not hold Metallic, which led
Up, turned and killed.
Firm Friend ran as consistently as ever,
working his way into the fifth round. He
was finally beaten by Whitehead, a most
promising youngster, by a score of 12 to
10. The Friend had all the better of the
early stages of the course, but the young
dog proved too much for him. In the
previous round he had a long "no go"
with Cavalier, whom he beat the second
time— ls to 2. The results of the running,
showing the score In each course, follow:
T. J. Mclnerney's Johnny R beat J. Mooney's
Silent Treasure, 12—6; George Whitney's Theron
beat J. Perry's Commodore *"ash, 10—0; T. J.
Mclnernev's Tommy Rex beat Aeneid Kennels'
Maid of Erin, 3—o; R. E. do B. Lopez's Wadena
beat W. H. Jones' Terronlte, 8— Qua Aber
cromble's Victor Kins beat Aeneid Kennels'
Athena. 5—2; A. Johnson's Mountain Beauty
beat Lamle & Oerber's Onward, s—o; Russell.
Allen & Wilson's Lady Emma beat J. M Hal
ton's Lavender, 4—2; E. B. Scott's Lord Byron
beat J. .lore.-' Moonlight. &— 7; J. O'Shea's
Young America beat 3. Hurley's Star of Cuba,
10—12; Pasha Kennels' Metallic beat Curtis &
Son's Cash, IS— L T. J. Cronin's Thornhlll beat
D. J. Heaiy's Rusty Gold. 5—4; J. Dickson's
Black Bess beat R. E. de B. Lopez's Wonder,
23—14; D. J. Healey's Maori Land, a bye; P.
J. Reilly's Warship beat Curtis & S Da Maud :
S. 7—3; H. W. Bike's Nancy R beat I). J.
Healev's O'Hora, 13—5; H. a. Deckelman's I
Snapshot beat J. i. O'Brien's Statesman, 16—7; ;
T. J. Mclnernev'x Rejjlna B beet P. J. Reilly's j
Still Trie' 12— i: J. Hurley's'O X Capitol beat
It. L. Taylor's Mose, 16—2; Pasha Kennels'
Firm Friend beat Gus s-bercromble's Bock
Island Boy, S— 2; Curtis & Son's Cavalier beat
Dan O'Connors Satan, 21—1; T. J. Mcln-rney's
Nora beat John Kerrigan's Conqueror, 3'— 10;
it. E. de it Lopez's Wh tebeod beat Curtis &
Son's McKinley, It!— 7.
Second round— Theron b»at Johnny R, 3—l;
Tommy Rex beat Wadena. X— l: Mountain
Beauty beat Victor lor.p. 7—l; Lady Emma
beat Lord Byron 14—5; Metallic heat Young
America, i—S; Thornhlll be.it Black Bess. 0—0:
Warship beat Maori Land. 24—10; Nancy R
beat Snapshot, 4—3; Retina R beat 0 X Capi
tol, . Firm Friend beat Cavalier, 15—2;
Whitehead beat Nora. 9—6.
Third round— Theron beat Tommy Rex, 5—2;
Mountain Beauty beat Lady Emma. 12—2:
Metallic beat Thornhlll. s—o: War-hip beat
Nancy R. %—•<: Firm Friend heat Reglna R,
C— o; Whitehead, a bye.
Fourth round— Mountain Beauty beat Theron.
14-0; Metallic beat Warship. M* 3; Whitehead
beat Firm Friend, 12—0.
Fifth round— Mountain Beauty beat White
head, 21-6; Metallic, a bye.
Final round— Metallic beat Mountain Beauty,
pointless.
There will be no more midweek meet
ings at Union Park while the winter rac
ing season Is on. The attendance wa,s im
mensely largo yesterday.
Charles Grlswold, the superintendent at
the park, who has been ill with pneumo
nia, is convalescent. During his enforced
absence from duty the young son of
Judge Grace is acting as flag steward.
Coursing at Ingleside.
Lily of the Weft won the open stake at
the ingleside park yesterday, making the
second stake she has won this month. In
the finals she defeated Lawrence, point
less. The sport was good and the betting
spirited, but It was all one-sided, favor
lea winning with very few exceptions.
In the puppy stake some promising
youngsters made a good Impression,
among them being Bernal Boy, the winner
of the stake, and Wild Norah, who is
owned by C. Bonner of San Jose. Wild
Norah was put out by Copperhead, the
runner-up, In' the second round after a
long and exciting course. The results of
the day were as follows:
Puppy stake, first round— Van den Burgh's
Copperhead ran a by*! C. Bonner's Wild
Nora beat T. Fanning'? Royal Cliff; George
Pinto's Mischief beat W. C. Glasson's Happy
' Thought; J. R. Martlnel's Bernal Boy beat G.
Lahusen's Firefly; J. Mclnerney's Princess
Royal beat Joe Ferris' Cleopatra; J. MoGrath's
Red Rose beat J. B. Martinet's Barnal chief;
J. Coleman's Good-by beat .1. Anthony's Pa
triot; R. Strehl's Three Cheers beat Connell
Bros.' Green Isle.
• Second round— Copperhead beat Wild Norah;
Bernal Boy beat Mischief; Red Rose beat
Princess Royal; Three Cheers beat Good-by.
Third round— Copperhead beat Bernal Boy;
Three Cheers beat Red Rose.
Final— Bernal Boy beat Three Cheers.
Open stake, first round— Connell Bros.' St.
Helen beat I>. Chella's Golden Russet: Con
nell Bros.' Mamie Pleasant beat H. A. Deckel
man's Prince George: H. A. Deckelman's
Rocklin Belle beat P. M. Clarksqn's Green
hall; H. A. Deckelman's Lawrence beat Moran
& ()' Nell's Nellie H; G. Lahusen's Wheel of
Fortune beat .1. M. Still well's Alex; 1). Shan
non's Soubrette beat J. M. Stlllwetl'a Es
meralda; E. M. Kellogg's Kid McCoy beat T.
Sullivan's Maid of the Hill: T. J. McHugh's
Moss Rose beat C. Grau's Newsboy; Connell
Bros.' Log Boy beat Murphy * Tolaml's
Ornament: Connell Bros.' Senorita heat .E.
Baumelster's Warrior; E. D. Fallon's Lily of
the West beat J. M. Stillwell's H.nltn while;
D. Dowu's Sarcastic beat E, M. Kellogg's
Lady Gllmore; George Burfelnd's Pastime heat
M. Mlchalek's Kerry Gow; Murphy &' 'Po
land's Tea Rose beat .1. Byrnes' Eleven Spot:
Lowe A Thompson's St. Oran beat .*. Byrnes'
Olympus; James Byrnes' Nellie B beat E.
Baumelster's Winning Ways.
Second round— St. Helen bent Rocklin Belle;
Lawrence beat Mamie Pleasant; Soubrette
beat Wheel of Fortune: Moss Rose beat Kid
McCoy; Lily of the West beat Log Boy;
Senorita beat Sarcastic; Tea Rose beat Pas
time; St. Oran beat Nellie P.. '■'.'.*
Third round— Lawrence beat St, Helen: Moss
Rose beat Soubrette; Lily of the West beat
Senorita; St. Oran beat Tea Rose.
Fourth round— Lawrence beat Moss Rose;
Lily of the West beat St. Oran
Final— Lily of the West beat Lawrence.
Coursing at Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. S.— The coursing
season was successfully inaugurated at
Agricultural Park to-day, under the man
agement of Roy C. Scott of San Fran
cisco. J. Sheehan of that city was
"judge." Thirty-two dogs participated
and some of the courses Ware exciting.
First money went to Promise Me: second
to Sister Mary; third and fourth to Wide
Awake and Little Doubt.
Magnesia Wins at Stockton.
STOCKTON. Oct. 7.— ln the coursing
here to-day Magnesia won first money:
Sardonic second: St. Elmo third and
Bounding Belle fourth.
VEREIN EINTRACHT PICNIC.
Big Crowd of Pleasure Seekers En
joy an Outing at Shell Mound.
The grand picnic and moonlight festival
of the San Francisco Verein Elntracht at
Shell Mound Park yesterday was a most
enjoyable occasion and a success. The
weather was perfect for a picnic and was
In a great measure responsible for the
large attendance, as everybody was anx
ious to get away from the heat of the city
and find a place where they could enjoy
a rest In the shade and at the same time
be within reach of an occasional glass of
beer. :-">"- ;-.;;
There were fully a thousand people,
voting and old. on the grounds, and they
were there for no other purpose than to
have a good time, .
The big pavilion was crowded all tne
afternoon and all the evening by dancers,
whose enthusiasm and endurance were
remarkable, considering the heat. Those
who did not feci equal to tripping the
light fantastic with the thermometer at
100 in the shade sat around In the arbors
or under the trees chatting, drinking beer.
swinging in -the hammocks, playing tne
wheel of fortune or indulging in some of
the various forms of sport provided for
their entertainment. It was midnight
when the- last boat-load of picnickers ar
rived on this side of the bay.
MANY GOLFERS OUT
ON SAN RAFAEL LINKS
Two Competitions Open to Both
Sexes Are Won by the
Ladies.
Mrs. R. A. Parker having presented
some handsome prizes to the San Rafael
Golf Club, to be competed . for by the
ladies, the competition took place last
Wednesday. The first prize was won by
Miss Wagner (handicap 25) with a gross
score of 86 and a net score of 61. and the
second prize by Mrs. J. T. Burke (handi
cap 12) with a gross score of 7S and a net
score of 86. The following ladles also en
tered the competition, which was at nine
holes: Mrs. J. J. Crooks. Miss Frances
Carroll. Mrs. R. Q. Brown, Mrs. Francis.
Mrs. de Young, Mrs. Curtis, Mrs. D. Don
ohoe, Mrs. F. S. Johnson. Mrs. F. 11.
Green, Miss Mary Me''ai!a and Miss T. C.
Morgan.
The third of the fortnightly tournament?
was held on Saturday, the principal event?
being a ladies' handicap at nine holes and
a men's handicap at eighteen holes. Play
in the ladies' handicap began at 10 o'clock
in the morning. The results are shown In
the following; table:
Miss Mary McCalla won first prize and
Mrs. H. G. "Brown and Miss Frances Car
roll tied for second prize. ■'-'
Play in the men's handicap began at 2:30
in the afternoon. The results are herewith
given:
C. P. Pomeroy, handicap 15; W. M.
O'Connor, handicap 18; A. a. Curtis, hand
icap a, and \V. Q. Curtis, handicap 22,
made no returns. In playing off the tie
Baron Alex yon Schroeder won first prize.
In th» afternoon Instructor T. W. Tet
ley, to whose hard work is largely due the
enthusiasm shown by the members, in
stituted a novel contest In approaching
and driving, in which the ladies competed
with the men, there being a prize for each
department. The approach-putting con
test was won by Mrs. R. G. Brown, who
holed five balls from a distance of sev
enty-five yards In sixteen strikes. Lieu
tenant W. 6. Miller and J. J. 'rooks tied
Mrs. K. G. Brown's score, but in the play
off Mrs. Brown won. In the competition
In driving the clear carry of the men's
drives was counted, while the ladies were
given the benefit of the roll. Here, too,
the ladies came out victors. Miss Alice
Hoffman winning with a good, straight
drive of 157 yards and Mrs. R. G. Brown
being a very close second with a drive of
156 yards. The nearest to these excellent
drives was made by Baron J. H. yon
Bchroeder, whose longest ball had a clear
carry of 140 yards. Some long drives by
other competitors did not fall within the
lines and so were not counted.
YACHTSMEN MEET.
Annual Session of the Racing union
of North America.
NEW YORK, Oct. The annual meet
ing of the Yacht Racing Union of North
America was held last night in this city,
and the following officers were elected for
the ensuing year: Louis M. Clark, Bos
ton, chairman; Frank Browne Jones. New
York, secretary; Newbury D. Lawton,
New York, treasurer.
The matter of rescinding the g'rth meas-
I urement rule was brought to no definite
, conclusion. A motion authorising the
chair to appoint a committee to reviae the
racing laws was adopted, 'the council re
| ported .in favor of retaining the present
| rule of measurement, and a second com
j mittee was appointed to revise and com-
I plete the racing rules.
The associations represented at the
I meeting were: The Yacht Racing Associa
tion of Long Island Sound. Inland Lake
Yachting Association of Chicago. Inter
lake Yachting Association of Detroit,
Lake Racing Association of Toronto,
Yacht Racing Association of Boston, Nar
ragansett Bay Racing Association. New
York Yacht Racing Association; Pacific
: Interclub Yachting Association, Royal St.
I Lawrence Yacht Club of Montreal and the
; Atlantic, Larchrr.ont and Corinthian
' clubs. .
SUNDAY AT THE PARK.
Immense Crowds Take Advantage of
the Tropical Weather.
It was a had day for the doctors yester
day. The lame and the halt, rheumatics
and those afflicted with. any old 111, left
their beds by the thousands yesterday
and went forth into the glad sunshine
to get well. It Is estimated by Captain
Thompson of the Park Police that fully
40.000 people passed through the gates of
Golden Gate. Park yesterday. They
covered the walks and avenues from the
Baker-street entrance to the beach, and
down the line of breakers to the county
line.
in all litis crowd there was not a
serious accident reported. It was thought
that the extreme heat would prevent fast i
wheeling, but it seems that the scorcher
will not be put down, except by the
police, and thirteen cyclers were arrested
yesterday for violating the anti-scorch
ing ordinance. Those taken into custody
are 11. Mlcsner. S. Yoshikai, William
Roberts, A. Engwer, P. Altmeyer, F.
Tlckner. William Hoffman. K. Price. C.
Smith, A. Logic. William Moore, F. Gold
berg and R. Miller.
The crowd at the Chutes was also very
large. "Prtncess," the big elephant, was
the attraction of the day, but the giant
Galapagos from the South Sea Islands
also received considerable attention.
Next week Major Illte, the midget, who.
It is said, will marry Chlqulta at the
Paris fair, will entertain the audiences in i
the pavilion.
Following are the results of the
aquatic contests at Sutro Baths:
Fifty yard dash, novice— F. Nlel first,
J. O'Brien second.
Fifty yard dash, juvenile— C. Donovan
first, H. Reebach second.
Fifty yard handicap— J. O'Brien first,
C. Augustus second.
Tub race— E. Wall first. W. Dunford
second.
Trick and fancy springboard diving— F.
Mi Permit! first, W. Wilson second.
Underwater swimming contest— F. Mc-
Dermitt first, E. Winfleld second.
Lecture on Reincarnation.
Joseph N. Grlffes delivered a lecture last
night on "Reincarnation" before the Theo
sophlcal Society In Academy of Sciences
Hall. Dr. Anderson presided and made a
short address along the same lines. The
attendance was small.
| oast.
RACING CARD
AT OAKLAND
A GOOD ONE
Fields Rapidly Assuming
Larger Proportions — Rec
reation and Socialist
Meet To-Day.
Owners are rapidly getting their horses
in condition, and the fields at Oakland
are rapidly assuming larger proportions.
The card this afternoon is one of the best
yet offered. The entries are as follows:
To-Day's Entries.
First race— furlongs; three-year-olds- and
upward; selling.
121 Meadowlark ....109 BE Lona Marie. 119
133 Watossa 104 M flan Augustine.. lo4
106 Lomo 189 US Charles Le 8e1. 109
123 Sylvan La 55 ....114 111 Somis 104
117 Fred Gardner...
Second race— Futurity course; maiden two
year-olds; selling, .
118 Ella de Poy 1101 ... Leonden 110
105 Slsquoc 110] 115 Champion Rose. lift
1?6 Ahbieolo 103 105 Palapa 110
. 132 Loyta 110" ft My Secret 110
Third race— Seven furlongs; selling; four
year-olds and upward.
103 Recreation 1111 ... Tennessee Maid. lll
129 Socialist 111! ...Wyoming 11l
127 Donator 9S!
Fourth race— One mile; selling; three-year
olds and upward; handicap.
127 Manzanilla 991 123 Polish 101
99 Petal 94 131 Yaruba 90
121 Rainier 92 1 114 Twinkle Twlnk..lol
131 Wilmeter 96 j 120 Roadrunner 110
128 Rapido ..110' 106 McFarlane 101
.Fifth race— mile; three-year-olds and up
ward; selling.
(103)Fortis loo ! (HS>Panamint .......103'
... Etta H 109 41 Nllgar 103
(24)Lothlan 1001
Selections for To-Day.
First Meadowlark, Somis, San Augus
tine. ■
Second race— Palapa, Sisquoc, Champion
Rose.
Third race— Recreation, Socialist, Ponator.
Fourth race— Twinkle Twink, Petal, Road-
runner.
Fifth race— Panamlnt. Nilgar. Fortis.
Saloon-Keepar Stabbed.
Charles Manning, ' a saloon-keeper at
1055 Mission street, was stabbed in the
hip with a pocketknlfe last night by
Elmer Miller, who was arested by Officers
Eskew and Orr and booked at the City
Prison for assault with a deadly weapon.
Miller entered Manning's saloon early in
the evening, and becoming boisterous was
ordered out. He refused to go, and when
Manning tried to eject him Miller plunged
the blade of a pocketknlfe Into the sa
loonman's hip.
Arrested the Woman.
Allle Keefe, a young woman, was ar
rested yesterday at Petaluma by Detec
tives Ryan and ODea of this city and
brought to the City Prison, where she
was charged jointly with Joseph Jones,
alias Silve, a former bellboy at the Win
chester on Third street, with grand lar
: ceny. They are accused of having drug
i ged and robbed Edward Jones of Custer
I County, Idaho, of three gold watches.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
men ana
j DR. MEYERS & CO. cure contagious
Blood Poison, Lost Manhood, Rupture,
, Tumors, Varicocele, Private Diseases,
j Cancer, Sleeplessness. Rheumatism,
Kidney and Bladder Diseases, Spine
Diseases, Liver Diseases. Heart Dis-
eases; Blood, Skin and Stomach Dis-
eases; Eye and Ear Diseases, Dung
Diseases.
DR. MEYERS & CO. treat nothing
but diseases and weakness of men.
They have the largest and best
equipped medical institute and the
most expensive practice In America.
PAY WHEN CURED.
If a patient has any doubt about
being cured he may deposit the price
of a cure In any bank in San Fran-
isco, to be paid to DRS. MEYERS &
CO. after he Is entirely well. If It Is
not convenient to do this, payments
may be made in weekly or monthly in-
stallments.
HOME CURES-FREE BOOK.
If you cannot call, write for private
book, diagnosis sheet, free advice
prices and other particulars. . Thou-
sands of men cured every year who
have never seen the doctors. All cor-
respondence confidential. . No printing
on envelopes or packages to indicate
name of sender.
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
731 Market St., Sao Francisco.
Elevator entrance. Hours, 8 to 5
dally; Evenings. 7 to 8; Sundays. 9
to 11. '
aajaMa—Bn— aa>^ ,^—
0 visit DR* JORDAN'SgheatS
[MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
Ch lOßiiuaxßTsT.ut.e.AMa. s.rci i
_JjL_ vrSw I " a \ r w;L^ nat " mic " 1 M " ci "" i" the \
1 fISSSft disease D-i1t1.,!.? " r *'^ y ™"" ,ed 4
t ff&i °»- JORCAN-PRJVATE DISEASES J
I i /HI tv'7 S^^^'^JSS. A 0
4££^^^2^>Mark t Ht. . 8. F. 0
gP>BPl^ RUPTURE.
i Vßr@r^ S r Ku , pture retained with eSa
S /JB\  ca "y t-URED by DR. Pitrnrir-q
fcZtf* Magnetic Elastic Tru.s &call at
\JT office or writ, for New Pamphlel
'/. MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO..
6tS Market at., opp. Palac, Hotel, San FranciscoALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
MEN OF TRADE
TO CONFER ON
CIVIC PROGRESS
Require New Blood
in New Oakland.
Oakland Olfico San Francisco Call.
'.'OS Broadway, Oct. 8.
The Merchants' Exchange has called an
open conference for next Tuesday even
ing to consider "ways and means for se
curing new industries for Oakland." The
idea so often referred to Ii these columns
that one enterprising merchant la worth
to a community a herd of politicians is
:-.ow forcing itself home to those who
have the commercial interests of the city ,
at art. It is now realized more than
ever before that the welfare of Oakland
has been retarded by selfish politicians,
who have not hesitated to use every
means to further their own ambitions. !
This has at last become so notorious that
outside municipalities have noticed it. and i
comparisons have been made which have ''
awakened local merchants. Nearly every- i
thing for the past twenty years has been j
dominated by politics. The letting of a
contract, no matter how small or how 1
large; the efforts to acquire water front
and to determine its ownership; the . na- I
tion of a Postofflce site; all manner of'
publio Improvements; and In fact the
whole business of the municipality, boTn
that which concerns the government It- I
self and also that which controls local
progress, has been handled by politicians
In their own interests.
On Tuesday evening It is expected that i
soma plain truths will be told, and that ',
something more material and productive i
will be accomplished than the passing of j
resolutions. Oakland has been made ridic- i
ulous by resolutions. At the drop of the
hat resolutions can be framed and passed j
regulating; everything from the construe- '.
tion of the Nicaragua canal to the con- j
duct of affairs In the Philippine Islands.
This resolution business has been largely |
the means by which politicians have j
worked and have sought to give an offi- ;
cial significance to actions largely per- :
Bona!. This has not built factories nor j
filled the city with worklngmen and •
their families, which are the inly back
bone around which a progressive city cart
be raised.
In a message to the Council forty-five
years ago Mayor pentler said; "There
are, unfortunately, persons in every com
munity not particularly distinguished for
enterprise or attention to their own busi
ness, who are always eager to agitate
and embroil under the hope that out of
the confusion there will come spoils."
If the Merchants' Exchange at the com
ing confert nee compile a list of those
people whs come within the meaning of
Horace Cwrpentier's definition and takes
measures ii suppress them, it will have
found 0r.6 answer to Its question of
"How to provide ways and means for se
curing new industries for Oakland."
A few days ago Gideon Davis decided
that it was time to give the. city a shak
ing up. H« notice- Supervisor Mitchell
walking languidly down the street, think
ing of the possibility of another nomina
tion; he recollected hat since April 1 ex-
Mayor W. R. Thomas had been In Be
clusion; ne remembered that since the
Oakland Exposition Theo. Gler had not
been heard of; and as his mind wandered
over these thoughts Gideon decided that
he would, just fur the fun of it, have all
these people and a great many more
chasing each other and waking up the
town fore many days had passed.
Nor was there any difficulty in devising
the means to set the town jumping. Gid
eon remembered that in the summer of
last year the Montana troops came to
Oakland and amused" Its Citizens by shoot
ing blank cartridges and perspiring for
several hours on a hot Fourth of July on
the Piedmont hills. He took his cue from
this recollection; and forthwith sat down
and wrote an article that stirred up all
the patriotism and sense of gratitude in
the city. lie decided that the Montana
men should have a banquet; not only a
banquet, but should listen to some
speeches and music and be reviewed.
Twenty-four hours later John Mitchell
had the same Idea, and so had
ex-Mayor Thomas and John Brit
ton and Theo. Gier and Fred Sin
clair and many others, who had served
on committees incident to the sham bat
tle. Even this did not satisfy the Intrepid
Davis; he wanted to see his friend Su
perintendent McClymonds at work. So
the schools were aroused, and Mc-
Clymonds had to send around circulars to
principals and teachers instructing them
to marshal their pupils next Saturday to
bombard the visiting troops with fragrant
posies. The Red Cross is at work, and
will attend to the feeding of 2000 volun
teers. The finance committee is kept
busy receiving subscriptions, and on the
appointed day Oakland will be given over
to a military celebration that will be a
credit to the city.
"If only I can Inflict on somebody the
duty of composing an original poem, " Mr.
Davis was heard to say, as he boarded
a Piedmont car, "my satisfaction will be
complete."
The failure to get a quorum at a meet
ing of the committee of the whole last
Wednesday night was an insult to the
constituents of the Councilmen. The ex
cuses given by some members possess far
more significance than Is apparent at first
glance. It shows that there is to be no
compromise between those Councilmen
who dissent from the Mayor's views and
the Mayor. This means that because of
persona] grievances great Improvements
are to be blocked.
Do all the king they will, the fact
cannot be denied that eight votes are nec
essary to override any veto the Mayor
may issue, and any one conversant with
affairs knows that there will never be
eight votes In this Council agalns' my
thing that Mayor Snow may advise. The
only inference is that nothing can be ac
complished under this administration, un
less some common sense bo exhibited in
certain quarters. The merits of Individ
ual propositions do not cut any figure in
the disposition of business. It is all domi
nated by politics. If the Mayor favors It,
it will probably receive six votes; if he
opposes It, It will receive six rotes, for
there can always be found one vacillating
member li eleven.
The meeting bust Wednesday was ailed
for the purpose of discussing tho details
of the bond issue. This subject has been
considered of so much Importance by the
Associated Improvement Clubs 'that they
have given up to It one night for several
weeks part and have arrived at what they
believe to De a practical basis upon which
to call a bond election. These delegates,
intelligently representing every section of
the city, and being presumably entirely
free from politics, may therefore consider
themselves rebuffed by the Council put
ting personal issues before public necessi
ties. The fact that the meeting was called
off because some of the members posi
tively refused to attend It" the Mayor
were to be present, Is no idle guess, for
two Councilmen personally told roe that
:>'ich was a fact. This ridiculous child's
play must cease, or else some of the
Councilmen will bo awakened by the
echoes of Indignation meetings or other
menns which civic bodies a lie to express
their dissatisfaction.
The demand of two of the library trus
tees - .at Mr. Hewlett's book be forbidden '
a place on the helves does not appear to
me to be wise or to be based on Intelli
gent reasons. Th* story is one of marked {
ability, both In conception and In ex- j
pressionl and according to well informed
critics possesses much historical value.
It Js lust .what it professes to be, a tale
from Norman-French life of about live or
six centuries Ago. It Is true that Mr.
Hewlett followed faithfully the environ.
ments that jui rounded the characters and
the period of his story, which according I
to Macauley is the duty of every writer j
who aims to be historically correct. it j
Is not easy to see how the author could
have encircled his story with the environ
ment of Oakland in le?9 nd have made
the ,'Uory worth the telling. On the morn- |
ing upon which the criticisms of the trus
tees were made public there were in all
the dally papers several stories from the
life of to-day which compared unfavor- !
ably with anything contained In the ex- !
SOCIALISTS DISCUSS
"ECONOMIC SUICIDE"
© (~\ AKT.ANP, Oct. B.— "Economic Suicide" was the title of a lecture deliver- £
X I I ed to-night by Charles E. Fryer, Carnot medalist, intercollegiate debate of ■+
? M ÜBB, before an unusually well attended meeting of the Oakland section of 4
.*, the Socialist Laoor party, at Grand Army Hall. It was followed by a lively T
+ discussion. Mr. Fryer, who is a student at the State University, said in part: +
'»• "The worklngman or wage-receiver whose only keynote is despair— .§>
-f sees the labor problem in so dark a light that every avenue appears gloomy, ■+
••> who thinks he feels capital as an iron weight crushing himself and his fel- •*>
+ lows to the ground— such a man may not inappropriately be called an econ- -f
<£ omic suicide. He Is the counterpart to the man in actual life who concludes <«>
*♦" that life is not worth living, to whom happiness is but an idle mockery and -f
* death a welcome end. While it is true that every success is balanced by <?>
X failure, every virtue oy a vice, every phase of gladness by a phase of "♦"
X 'wretchedness, the mistake of the man who holds that life is not worth living ♦
is that he puts his emphasis on the wrong place. The men who have seen life ~*
♦ most clearly, deeply and truly, have held to happiness, and their answer to _i
X the suicide Is that his view 13 distorted and perverted. Could he but see life X
<§. in its wholeness and In its totality, he might find that even though overcome ■+
4- by misery he could at least realize some form of happiness by a supreme ♦
<$> effort of the will. X
♦ In the economic world, the worldof individuals given over to creating y
<•> wealth and seeking a share In its distribution, the class of wage-receivers J
♦ bears a certain relation of dependence upon the wage-payers. But since the -*-
<?> abolition of serfdom and the creation of a labor market, the worklngman has <?>
+ become both politically and economically Independent. His forced labor has +
♦ changed with free labor at a stipulated rate, for which he himself bargains, X
"♦" In that perfect freedom to contract for his hire the worklngman finds the <s>
'$ Independence which is his salvation. While as a wage-receiver he may be I
X dependent upon a wage-payer, the dependence is after all, when seen In its ~
X true perspective, an Independent dependence; and this Is really nothing less 4-
X than almost unqualified independence. The answer, then, to the economic sui- >$>
X elde Is, that like his counterpart in every-day life, he places the emphasis in +
X the wrong place. Could he but see the problem of labor and capital in some T
1. rational perspective, he might find that the very fact of dependence, which *,
X seems to throw such a dark cloud over things, might in reality be resolved -♦■
+ Into a hopeful Independence, which Is the birthright of political freedom." 4
punged book, and no one was heard to
complain.
"It is planned to give a diploma which
shall be a valuable credential, and per
haps In the fututre the apron and cap to
which our servants so sturdily object may
not be a badge Of servitude, but a sign
of honorable labor."
This remark la part of an expression of
the opinion of the leading ladies of Oak
land regarding the foundation of a school
of housekeeping, which it is proposed to
establish in this city. The plaint Is old
that for the last ten years the servant
question needs adjusting. The paragraph
quoted seems to me to suggest not only
the way out of the difficulty but the way
m. If. as is stated, the apron and cap
have been hitherto "a badge of servi
tude," then no other explanation Is neces
sity for the existence of the alleged dif
ficulty. Slaves will never rest easily under
the yoke in this country, and as each year
passes and the standard of education is
raised it naturally follows that the wear
ers of the apron and cap will become less
and less reconciled to servitude, but will
demand that their duties be classed as
"honorable labor," with all the privileges
and appurtenances thereunto belonging.
History as well as every day experience
would seem to prove that the day of the
lackey, who was expected tO bow tO the
floor every time his lord passed, and of
the serving woman, who curtesied to the
lady as she gave her orders for dinner,
passed with the old monarchical ideas,
and that in a democracy dally becoming
more democratic It is both silly and use
less to talk of "badges of servitude." No
precedent can be put forward for the
treatment of servants in modern Ameri
can domestic life, and although "schools
of domestic science" and institutions for
promulgating the ethics of housekeeping
may be very good in their way, it would
seem that the only manner to meet the
"servant's difficulty" is by the exercise of
good American horse sense.
In this connection there are a few other
thoughts that suggest themselves. Ser- |
vants, that is of the "badge of servitude"
kind, cannot be blamed for outgrowing
their conditions of servitude in a country
where nearly every day one of the scions
of the house elopes with one of the lady
employes or where the lady herself runs
Off with the butler or the coachman. Such
examples must be considered in the treat
ment of this question. Although much ef- ,
fort has been made during the past
decade to adjust the servant question. I
have not yet heard of any convention In
which the servants were invited to pre- .
sent their side of the interesting situa
tion.
Americanism is a peculiar thing. It la
responsible for the fact that a canal boy
or a rail splitter may become President, i
An Individual may start out in life by be- I
ing a servant, but it would be a fool who
would prophesy to what height in civil or
Official life such a sen-ant may attain. I
am afraid the servant question will bother
us for some time to come. ;
STUART W BOOTH. I
MERCURY HIT THE CEILING
AND SAN FRANCISCO WAS HOT
Zf^\ FFICIAL FORECASTER Mc
*j I ADIE admitted yesterday that
* I J the continued hot spell was a
4~f horse on him. It was a wilted
* collar and a drenched undershirt on
v most everybody else, and perhaps on
% MeAdie, but doubtless his scientific
i mind rebelled at making this fact
* known. Several other people In the
x city were also bowed beneath the
.':, weight of burdens, and the white
* man's took on a distinctly beery fla
-4> vor. "Steam" and Icecream were in
? demand and much easier to get than
j a breath of air. Decidedly it was
$ beastly hot. McAdio says It may con
■<• tinue to-day.
\ "This continued hot spell," he said.
i; "I must admit Is a h'drse on me. I
* had predicted rain for Sunday night
<<> and for to-day much cooler weather.
* Tito temperature for to-day not only
* breaks the record for the year but is
£ the highest point reached in twenty
* years for the month of October. The
* . thermometer was well up early this
£ morning, having reached the 80 mark
* at 5 o'clock. At 11:30 a. m. it reached
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1899.
QUEER TURN IN
MONTGOMERY
DIVORCE SUIT
Husband Decides Not
to Contest.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Oct. 8.
The divorce suit brought recently by
Jennie Montgomery against "Jack" Mont
gomery on the ground of extreme cruelty
will be robbed of Its erstwhile promised
sensational features.
The defendant has determined not to
contest the suit and hence his default for
failure to appear or answer the complaint
was entered several days ago and the
case referred to Court Commissioner Bab
cock, who yesterday took the testimony
of Mrs. Montgomery. The wife's attor
neys, Messrs Garrity and Donovan, were
present, but the defendant was not rep
resented.
It had been supposed that Montgomery
would file a cross-complaint setting forth
as on« of his most weighty allegations
the sensational occurrence at his home
one night some months ago, when his
wife, after a scene in a West Oakland res
taurant where she took him by surprise
while he was In the company of another
woman, is alleged to have dashed some
carbolic acid into his face, nearly causing
him to lose his eyesight.. It had also been
expected that Mrs. Montgomery's testi
mony would in Itself prove spicy and sen
sational in view of the cruelty charges,
but this expectation, too, was not real
ized, and according to her own words
given yesterday under oath the husband
on no occasion used any particular vio
lence on her during the six years of their
married life.
Her sole cause for complaint. it appears.
lay In her testimony to the effect that
her erring spouse remained away from
home of nights, not Infrequently basking
In the smiles of other women. It Is ex
pected that Court Commissioner Babeock
will report on the case early this week.
If marriage makes one. of two it must
be a continuation of single blessedness.
The earlier the bird catches the worm
the longer he will have to wait for his
noonday lunch.
the unprecedented figure of 9.1.3 de
grees and had not been below 90 up to
5:30 p. m.
"I am at a loss to explain the cause
of this freaky weather. This morning
it was 20 decrees warmer at San Fran
cisco than at Point Reyes, and the
temperature in the valleys was much
cooler than here. I think that wo will
have another day of hot weather at
least. I can attribute this spell to
some peculiar condition in the North
Pacific Ocean, the cause of which can
not now be explained."
There have been several unofficial
reasons given for this extraordinary
warm spell. One is to the effect that a
bunch of Jasper McDonald's rulings
escaped from Native Sons' Hall and
distributed themselves about the city.
South of Market politicians, however,
claim that the molten lava that es
caped from Jim Ncal last Friday night
at tho Democratic Convention has
heated the atmosphere.
The weather and some "steam" had
a belligerent effect upon William
Fitzgerald, a ship caulker, living at"
CUPID CRUSHED
BY A STUBBORN
ALAMEDA MAMA
End of Roebke-Green
Romance.
ALAMEDA, Oct. B.— The romantic love
affair of Miss Amanda Roebke and Dr.
Jacob S. Green is at an end. Cupid has
been completely overthrown. The odds
against the little god was too great; his
golden darts and his tiny bow were no
weapons to win a victory against tne
stern commands of an angry mamma
and the spirit of a young lady who re
fused to be trifled with.
The Roebke-Green romance furnished
food for the gossips of the Encinal dur
ing all of last February. The engagement
of the young people was announced after
the doctor had passed through the Golden
Gate on his way to Acapulco, where he
went as surgeon on the steamer City of
Panama. No sooner had the news been
published that the medico had wooed and
won the fair brunette than Mrs. J. S.
Green, mother of the prospective groom,
rushed into print and in a most emphatic
manner denied that there was any truth
1- the engagement announcement, and
supplemented her statement with the
threat that if her son was engaged in a
love affair she knew nothing about she
would frustrate his plans just as soon as
he returned from the isthmus.
Cupid held his own during this part of
the controversy, and appearances indi
cated that he would win out at the finish.
Miss Roebke wired to her sweetheart
about the attitude of Mamma Green, and
her affianced wrote in reply that he was
hers till death, and that mamma nor
anybody else could "cut their love In
two."
The end of all this pretty tale Is that
Miss Roebke In a fit of indignation has
hurled her engagement ring into the face
of her affianced, and now it is all off.
Dr. Green returned from the Isthmus a
few days ago. As soon as he reached
town he called upon Miss Roebke. Their
meeting was affectionate, and their pro
testations of everlasting love were re
peated over and over again. Mamma
Green was not consulted— she . did not
even know that her boy was back. The
happy young couple hired a horse and
buggy and drove about the city just to
let the gossips know that the stories of
their engagement were true.
The climax came the following day.
Dr. Green had visited his mother in the
meantime, and when he called upon Miss
Roebke there was sadness In his face and
sorrow in his voice. Tearfully he in
formed her that their engagement would
have to be called off; he had spoken to
his mother about It, and he was forced
to tell his sweetheart that if - their, wed
ding took place it would break the old
lady's heart.
Miss Roebke wasted no words. She
said that she would not have a man for
a husband who did not have nerve
enough to choose a wife for himself with
out letting his mother interfere. From
her finger she pulled the golden band
that Dr. Green had given her In ex
change for her promise to be his and,
summoning all her strength, threw it In
In his face. She made him pick it up from
the floor, where it had fallen, and then
told him to leave her presence and never
to cross her path again.
The gossips are busy once more and
Cupid is weeping.
Banquet to Soldier Members.
! ALAMEDA. Oct. S.— Alameda Parlor No.
! 47, N. S. G. W., tendered a reception and
banquet to its members who have recently
; returned from the Philippines on Friday
I evening at Eureka Hall. The hall was ap-
I propriately decorated for the occasion and
i the toasts and speeches In keeping with
; the affair. Harry Orr, president of the
i parlor, acted as toastmaster, and the
| guests of honor were C. N. Bolte and A.
I Phelps. Corporal A. P. Smiley of the
First Callfornias gave an Interesting de
| scription of soldier life In the Philippines.
A. Dostal favored the assemblage" With
; several vocal selections, and speeches were
j made by Assemblyman J. R. Knowland
and others.
His Hip Broken by a Tall.
ALAMEDA. Oct. B.— Boles, an aged
man residing at 412 Taylor avenue, slipped
F26 Illinois street. About 9 o'clock In
the morning he hoarded an electric
car on Third street, but as he refused
to pay his fare the conductor attempt
ed to throw him off.' He clung to the
railing on the dummy and was
dragged along for some distance be
fore he released his hold. Fitzgerald
was taken to the Receiving Hospital,
but his only Injury was an abrasion of
the left knee. His trousers were torn
to pieces, and because the hospital at
taches refused to provide him with an
other pair of trousers he got obstreper
ous, and Steward Allen telephoned for
a policeman. Fitzgerald was arrested
in a saloon near the City Hall, where
he was trying, to get a drink on credit.
Most of the "drunks" who lined up
before Judge Mogan yesterday morn
ing in the City Prison had the excuse
to offer that the hot weather was re
sponsible for their arrest. The Judge
was inclined to be lenient and they
were discharged. One drunk had, ow
ing to the heat, taken off his trousers
and was arrested while staggering
along In abbreviated costume.
while walking up the front stairs to his
residence last evening and fell a consid
erable distance to the walk below. His
left hip was broken and he was otherwise
badly shaken up and bruised by the fall.
METHODIST SOUTH
CONFERENCE ADJOURNS
Assignments of Preachers Prove a
Great Surprise Many Radical
Changes in Appointments.
OAKLAND, Oct. B.— The Pacific Confer
ence of the M. E. Church South concluded
Its labors to-night and adjourned to
meet again in Ashbury Church in this
city a year hence. The assignments of
the preachers to their new fields of labor,
as announced by Bishop W. W. Duncan,
the very last thing to-night, proved a
great surprise to all, as some very radical
and unexpected changes were made In the
appointments.
Both in his sermon this morning and
to-night the bishop took particular pains
to prepare the ministers for the general
shake-up. The assignments of the preach
ers are as follows: San Francisco, Dis
trict Elder, C. B. Riddtck, J. E. Moore;
San Jose. J. E. Squires; Oakland, P. L.
Cobb; Alameda, J. Harmon; Hollister, I.
F. Betts; Santa Rosa, W. O. Wagner;
Stockton, H. C. Meredith; Walnut Grove,
A. L. Paul; Gait. P. N. Blankenship; Mil
ton, H. W. Currln; Linden. A. Odum; Gil
roy, J. B. Needham; Salinas, W. P. An
drews; San Lucas and Bradley, D. Bauer;
San Benito, to be supplied: Mountain
View, W. A. Booher; Petaluma, R. F.
Allen; Healdshurg. P. F. Page; Clover
dale, W. A. Lindsay; I'kiah, W. F. Cof
fin; Booneville, William Armstrong; Pot
ter Valley, C. E. Clark; Lakeport, Will
lam Acton; Upper Lake, C. T. Clark; edi
tor Pacific Methodist Advocate, R. P.
Wilson.
San Joaquin district, J. J. N. Kinney;
Fresno; J. A. Batchelor; Fresno circuit,
J. M. Packer; Big Dry Creek. F. M. Sta
ton; Selma, P. T. Ramsey; Sanger, J. F.
Roberts; Dlnuba and Oroso. J. Hedgpeth:
Visalia, W. A. Whitmer; Woodvllle and
Exeter, N. A. Whitmer; Kingsburg. F. E.
Dixon; Bakersfleld. to be supplied; Le
moore, Hanford and Coallnga, E. J. Page;
Madera. W. E. Phillips; Merced. C. E. W.
' Smith; Le Grande, Z. J. Needham: Mo
desto. J. C. Simmons; Mariposa, H. Neate;
i Hornitos and Gathay, J. D. F. Houck;
i Sonora, A. F. W. Walters; Los Banos, B.
! H. Green: De* Palos and Raymond, to be
supplied; Snelllng and Waterford, G. H.
Frazer: Hanford. J. N. Martin; Big Oak
Flat, S. E. Wilson.
Colusa district, J. Emery, presiding
elder; Colusa. C. M. Davenport; Chlco. J.
K. P. Dixon; Willows. C. O. Steele: Red
Bluff L. C. Renfro: Princeton, J. M.
Pratt: Yuba City. J. W. Ray: Wheatland,
L. A. Green: Lincoln, T. G. Paterson: Sac
ramento. W. E. Vaughan; Elmira, E. H.
McWhorter: Winters, J. C. riyden: Wood
land. J. R. Sawyer; Knights Landing, L.
C Smith; Maxwell. O. L. Russell; Sutter
and Grace, supplied by Guy McHenry;
Sulphur ! Creek, R. F. Beasley; Orland,
supplied by S. B. Dllley: Mulvllle and
Ono. J. M. Brown: Big Valley, supplied
by C. W. Huff; Anderson, supplied by J.
C. Robertson: Rockville. W. A. Davis:
Dixon and Davisville. to be supplied; Ar
buckle, G. W. Archer.
Transferred to Hollister conference. J.
Bule; Los Angeles conference, H. M. Mo-
Knight. J. Healey and John L. Jones;
transferred to East Columbia conference,
stationed at Dayton, Wash.. C. C. Black.
During this morning's session $1900 was
raised by subscription for the Pacific
Methodist College, situated at Santa
i Rosa. The money goes to the twentieth
century fund.
GENERAL FUND EXHAUSTED.
ALAMEDA, Oct. B— The city general
fund became practically exhausted yester
day, there being but $25 in the fund.
There happened to be a few surplus dol
lars in the electric light fund, and the
general fund was made richer to the
amount of $S0 by drawing on that fund.
The last fiscal year ended in July of
this year, and the city has been running
since that time on an excessive tax rate
apportionment from last year. Salaries,
etc., for September have been paid, but
there now remains but $105 in the general
fund to pay bills that may have been pre
sented since that time.
The Trustees fixed the tax levy for this
year at their last meeting, but as the
taxes do not become delinquent until De
cember it may be nearly two months be
fore the city has sufficient money to pay
all October demands against the general
fund. The salaries of the majority of the
city officials and employes are paid out
of this fund.
Death of Sam S. Harvey.
OAKLAND, Oct. Chief Deputy Dis
trict Attorney Melvin received news to
day of the death of his cousin, Samuel
Slemmons Harvey, which occurred yes
terday at Truckee. Death is attributed to
typhoid fever. Deceased was aged 31
years and was the son of C. D. Harvey,
United States Commissioner of Bankrupt
cy, residing at Loomis, Placer County.
He was employed as a railway engineer
running between Truckee and Wads
worth. Deceased was a former resident
of Oakland and was educated here.
Searched for Remains.
OAKLAND, Oct. B.— A diligent search
has been conducted all day in the ruins
of the hotel which was practically burned
to the ground at Lafayette yesterday,
but the remains of Joseph Cooper, the
proprietor, and his cook, who were sup
posed to have met death In the flames,
have not been discovered.
The belief prevails now that Cooper and
his cook were at San Francisco at the
time of the fire. Nothing has been heard
from either of them.
SORRY THAT HE SPOKE.
Mayor Phelan Apologizes for His
Hasty Reference to Horace
Davis.
At the Democratic convention Friday
night Mayor Phelan, during the course of
his address, referred to Horace Davis, the
Republican nominee, as a traitor to the
city. The Mayor states now that the
| words, while expressing the idea that he
i intended to convey, were more harsh than
j he thought at the moment, and he en
deavors to make amends for his haste in
I the following open letter addressed to Mr.
Davis:
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 8, IS?9.
Mr. Horace Davis— Dear Sir: My impulse
to write you Is so strong that 1 take this
opportunity to say that In making an Im
promptu address Friday night before the
convention I used a word— first that
came to my lips— which 1 at once regretted;
and while expressive of my idea, it was
too harsh a term to apply to a gentleman
who has always bees courteous to me and
whose character I have always respected.
I would, therefore, modify It anil will now
take public occasion to do so. The Intro
duction of national politics In this cam
paign I hold Is repugnant to the charter,
cue of whose principal purposes is to give
all our citizens, unmoved by mere partisan
bias, an opportunity of passing upon the
conduct of their local affairs and candi
dates.
Therefore separate municipal elections
at considerable cost have been ordered. If
your contention be true, the charter has
erred; but we know that' bad municipal gov
ernment In San Francisco has come largely
from the fact that unfit men have lloated
Into office under party pressure or under
the shadow of greater and more exciting
Issues than local Interests can present. Bui
Concerning the purpose of the charter there
can be no dispute, because it further pro
vides for the appointment of bi-partisan
boards, neither party having the advantage,
end takes the clerkships out of the cate
gory of patronage by Introducing the merit
system of public employment under civil
service rules.
It has been often said, and it is no doubt
true, that In appointing members of hoard*,
as under the charter, there is a greater
danger of making enemies than of hold
ing friends. On the other hand. I am free
to admit that by appointing good boards Ir
respective of party, as provided for, the ap
pointing power may make friends of the
community and thus rrflexlvely benefit the
organization for which he stnnds.
But I am sure as a citizen you would
net deprecate this incentive tO faithful ser
vices. In the home field: nor as a partisan
believe that "ueftlons of currency and tariffs
would be affected by focal success at pure
ly municipal elections. Our people, you
must admit. are certainly intelligent
enough to discriminate between a local plat
form and a national platform, without re
ared to Individuals and will vote accord
ingly when the Issue* are made.
I therefore as a citizen ree-ret that yon
should have made your statement that this
election shall now and here embrace 'he
larger questions of national policy. It™
you could consistently with the charter
have arrived at that conclusion I do not
know, and If your action was deliberate I
believe you arc wrong.
But you may have been as Impulsive In
deed as I, when by an unhappy expression
I rather rudely characterized your position:
and for which you will please, accept my
mature regrets.
I trust our otherwise friendly relations
may not In any way be prejudiced by what
has been said. Tours truly,
..'.,; 'JAMES D. F-HEL.AN.
DISEASE FINDS
A NEW VICTIM
AMONG NORSES
Miss Plummer Sent
to Quarantine.
— »
TENDED SMALLPOX PATIENT
•
WAS ACCOMPANIED BY MISS
PAGE, ALSO A NURSE.
m
Courts-Martial for All at the Camp
of the Isolated Thirty-First.
Freedom Again De
layed.
The smallpox at the Presidio will not
I down. Cases have been developing right
j along, and every time the surgeons
j breathe easier and believe they have seen
the last of the disease it comes up again
lln a new place. The last victim Is Mn>s
Plummer, a nurse at the general hospital,
who was taken down with the smallpox
yesterday.
Miss Plummer was a nurse in ward G.
She has had a great many patients under
her care, and among them have oeen two
who found their way out to the detention
| camp on the hills of the Presidio. She
I was vaccinated twice recently, but in
neither case was it effective. She became
l sick three days ago, and since then she
■ has done no duty, and yesterday morning
; the symptoms became unmistakable.
Miss Plummer was sent out to the de
! tention camp yesterday afternoon. All
i her belongings in the hospital were fu
migated, and those who were in her im
' mediate company have been Isolated and
I vaccinated. Miss Page, another nurse
! from the hospital, who has had the small-
I pox, went out to the detention camp with
i her, but she will not be able to take care
!of her patient without assistance. It is
• therefore thought that another nurse will
i have to go out to-day or to-morrow.
i Luckily Miss Plummer's case is not a seri
ous one, and she is not considered in
' much danger, but the disease is as in
; fectious in its lighter stages as it is when
j it becomes more virulent, so the risk v
I Just as great for all who have to ccme In
i contact with the patient. The other pa
■ teints at the camp, suspects as well as
| sick, are reported to be unchanged in
: their condition. • __ .
It was expected that the luckless Thir
' tv-first regiment would be released from
j quarantine to-day, but it is again a case
iof hope deferred. There are still a couple
I of suspicious cases, and not until they
1 have shown themselves to be harmless
will the command be allowed its freedom.
j This will be about the 14th, that is, unless
i the suspected cases develop into the genu
ine disease. In that event two weeks
i more is the least the regiment may ex-
i Pect.
Even if released from quarantine the
' regiment will not leave the island until the
I transport that will take it to Manila is
1 ready, and then the men will be taken
dlrectlv on board from the camp.
Reports of the recent doings of the
command are hard to get, owing to the
rigid quarantine, so but little more is
• known of the shooting affair and the es
capade of the two officers who sighed for
| companionship. It was reported from the
I office of the adjutant of the regiment yes
i terday, however, that the shooting af
fray was not the result of any feud, but
! just the consequences of a big man going
I after a little man who had a rifle handy.
I It was a private quarrel, and. the little
1 man, seeing a drubbing in sight, called
i his rifle to his aid and punctured his
heavier opponent in the arm and leg. In
anticipation of the expected departure of
the regiment, no time was lost In prepar
ing to heal the breach in outraged mili
tary law, and a general court-martial
was accordingly appointed to meet this
morning. The detail for the court is as
follows:
Major Hunter Liggett, Captain ;
Charles P. Stivers, Captain Paul C.
Galleher, Captain Ellison L. Gilmer,
First Lieutenant Arthur T. Balentine,
First Lieutenant .William M. Meek,
First Lieutenant Perc H. Hawkins,
Second Lieutenant Watson Lindsey,
Second Lieutenant William B. Eulass,
First Lieutenant Willliam H. Monroe,
judge advocate. All are of the Thirty
first regiment.
As the command Is in quarantine none
but officers of the Thirty-first could be
i placed on the court. It is also stated in
i the order that the court is empowered to
try all prisoners who may be brought be
■ fore it, a clause that may be of interest to
! the two lonely officers, for General Shatter
says if there has been any attempt to
' break the quarantine there will be trouble
for the offenders. It is reported, however,
that the two officers were trying to rescue
i a boat in distress, an act of humanity
i to which no blame can attach, and there
was no doubt that after the plug had been
kicked out the boat was in distress, but
whether or not this will offset the pres-
I ence of the boat is a matter for future
1 settlement.
Colonel Jacob B. Rawles. Third Artll
lerv, with the headquarters staff, band
I and Batteries C, E. I and O and one-half
each of A and N, with Troop G of the
; Sixth Cavalry, have been ordered to be In
: readiness to escort the Kansas and Wash
! ington regiments from the transport dock
to the Presidio. The order calls for an
assembly at the Folsom street wharf at
i 9:30 o'clock the morning of the debarking
of the troops. It was made In anticipation
of the arrival of the regiments yesterday.
! but it holds for any time they may come
■ in.
Captain Edgar S. Walker, Eighth In
fantry, has been ordered to proceed to
Fort Snelling, Minnesota, for duty with
the depot battalion of his regiment.
At the Oakland Theaters.
OAKLAND. Oct. B.— The success that
marked the last week's run of "The Three
Musketeers" at the Dewey Theater will
no doubt continue during this week, when
"The Two Orphans" will be presented,
and Landers Stevens given an opportunity
to further demonstrate his versatility.
At the Macdonough Theater Madame
Modjeska will appear three nights, begin
ning with to-morrow. She will be sup
ported by John E. Kellerd and a company
of sterling merit, and with a series of
splendid scenic productions. •
■ ♦ «
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, Oct. The Board of
Trustees will hold their regular meeting
In the Town Hall to-morrow night at 8
o'clock. It is expected that Superintend
ent of Streets Guy Hyde Chick will tender
his resignation, and C. Maloney will be
appointed in his stead.
The Berkeley Republican Club will meet
In Golden Sheaf Hall next Tuesday even
ing at 8 o'clock. A meeting of the execu
tive committee has been called for to
morrow evening at the same hour In D.
J. Tobin's office, at Stanford place.
The public debt of France Is the largest
in the world, and amounts to about
£1,600,000.000.
r^ oTToTTo^ onToTTo^ oTJTTq^
I OUR SOCIETY BLUE BOOK, i
P> . o
| THE FASHIONABLE PRIVATE ADDRESS DIRECTORY I
■6 ■ Season 18991900. Now Being Compiled. S
g — * . r ■ ;
to The entire edition has been subscribed for In advance. It will be printed o
Jo on delicately tinted enameled plate paper, elegantly bound in blue "Pega- o
g moid" leather, with a handsome design in gold leaf on the outside of the front °
C cover. The work will be carefully compiled and will be entirely changed, ow- *
£, ing to the renumbering of all the residence streets. It will contain the ad- 0
to dresses and reception days of prominent families, and will include only the 0
>o names of persons of recognized social standing; a list of club members, with o
P their business, addresses; a new set of theater diagrams; San Francisco and *»
5 Oakland street and avenue guide; ladies' shopping guide, suburban residents. *
V, and personnel of the press; also guests of the leading hotels who will be 0
Jo permanently located for the winter. ©
)o Address all changes to o
£ CHARLES C. HOAG, Editor and Publisher, |
jo 223 Post Street, San Francisco. o
Jo Care of EDWARD H. MITCHELL, Art Stationer, 225 Post street. o
Ol iUULPJLaJLPJLffJL&JLPJIPJU A SJLSLSJLS. SJLSULSLS. SJULSJIJi. g.RJUUU sZ
GOLDEN JUBILEE
OF THE CHURCH
OF ST. FRANCIS
Impressive Services
Mark the Event.
— ♦ —
BUILDING IN A NEW GARB
»
DONS GAY ATTIRE FOR. THE
NOTABLE OCCASION.
m
For Fifty Years It Has Been a Land
mark and Many Prominent
Priests Have Occupied Its
Pulpit. *
The closing services of the celebration
attending the commemoration of the
golden jubilee of St. Francis* Roman
Catholic Church, Vallejo street, took
place yesterday afternoon and evening.
The services were the most notable In the
history of the Catholic church in this
city— indeed, St. Francis Church is a part
of the city's history.
The celebrant of the jubilee mass was
Rev. J. Valentine of Sausalito; deacon.
Rev. P. Cummings of St. Patrick's; sub
deacon. Rev. Father Augustine of St.
Boniface's Church. The sermon was
preached by Very Rev. J. J. Prendergast
of St. Mary's Cathedral, and the closing
remarks in the evening was made by Rev.
Father Sasia, who spoke of "The Catholic
Church as God's Masterpiece on Earth.'
The members of the Young Men's Cath
olic Union, with Mayor Phelan, attended
in a body. ' ,'- . ' .. '
The music was especially good, the
"Kyrie," "Gloria," "Sanctus" and "Ag
nus Dei" was sung, as well as the
"Credo" and "Benedictus" from Webber,
in B flat ,•• „ _
The soloists were: Sopranos, Mrs. B. F.
Sides and Miss Agnes Devlin; contraltos.
Miss Valorton, Miss Margaret Brougham
and Mrs. John Sheerin: tenors, Thomas
Walsh, L. Anderson and Mrs. T. Hlllard:
bassos, Messrs. J. C. Woodbridge and
Lane: also a chorus of fifty voices. Miss
Maude Fay sang Wiegand's "O Salu
tarls," with violin obligato by Miss Clo
tilde Devlin. Mrs. A. B. Collins presided
at the organ. ■? : ■,
In the evening at 7:30 o'clock Lejeal 3
solemn vespers were sung, with Miss Ltl
lie Roeder, Miss Walsh, Mrs. A. B. Col
lins, Miss Ella McCloskey, as soprano
soloists, and Messrs. Walsh and Hlllard,
tenor soloists; and J. C. Woodbridge,
basso.
Through the energies of Rev. Father
Caraher, the weather-worn appearance of
the old red brick structure, which has
been a landmark of the city for the past
flftv years, was completely changed. The
outer walls have been given a coating of
plaster of granite shade. The Interior
of the edifice for yesterday's celebration
was a work of art. The decorations were
in gold with a slight relief of pure white.
The altar and organ loft were decorated
with natural flowers in great profusion.
The founders of St. Francis' Church
were Father Magognotte. affectionately
known as "Father Peter." who in course
of time became vicar general, and Father
Blalve. the organizer of the French con
gregation. After him at St. Francis' came
Rev. Eugene O'Connell, who was later
consecrated Bishop of Marysvllle; Fathers
T. Quinn. Timasio, Kenny. Fortnick and
Accolti, S. J., and Maraschl, S. J., who
eventually labored together zealously in
building up St. Ignatius College and
Church on the block of land on which the
Parrott building is now situated. Then
came Fathers King of Oakland,
Macken, Sanchez. Carroll, Florlan and
Thomas Cian, the Chinese priest, who
pursued his ecclesiastical studies in China
and subsequently in Rome. He spent sev
eral years as assistant pastor of St.
Francis' Church. Following were Fathers
Vila, Raho, Auge, Cupln, Cotter, Gabriel,
Serrano, Aerden, O. P.; Vincent Vinljes,
O P.: Garnga, F. Valentin!. Serda. T.
O'Nell, O. P.: John Harrington, A. Gar
riga. James O'Connor. P. Duffy, P. Smith,
Fassonotti, Melvin. Dillon, Larkin. J. Cor
coran, J. G. Conlan, H. K. White. W.
O'Grady. T. B. Duffy. M. J. Giles, P. Hes
lin and T. Caraher, the present pastor.
LECTURE ON CREMATION
Prank B. Ixibson Addresses the
Members of the Social Dem
ocrat Party.
Frank B. Gibson, the manager of the
crematory at the Cypress Lawn Ceme
tery, delivered an interesting: lecture to
the Social Democrat party at the temple
on Turk street yesterday evening. His
subject was "Cremation," and his ad
dress was illustrated by stereoptlcon
views. The speaker gave many interest
ing statistics during the course of his ad
dress. He stated that cremation is rap
idly coming into favor, especially in San
Francisco, the number of cremations for
the present year averaging forty per
month.
LEVY SAMUELS DIED
SUDDENLY YESTERDAY
Rumors of Suicide Scoffed At by
Relatives Who Found Him
Suffering.
OAKLAND, Oct. B.— Levy Samuels of
the firm of Peterson & Samuels, proprie
tors of Juanita stables at Seven
teenth street and San Pablo avenue, died
very suddenly at the home of his daugh
ter, Mrs. A. F. Peterson, 1422 Myrtle
street, shortly after 7 o'clock this morn-
Samuels was found in bed suffering
great pain when Mr. Peterson went to
arouse him for the morning meal. A phy
sician was immediately summoned, but
before he could arrive Samuels had passed
The cause of Mr. Samuels' death is un
known and an autopsy and inquest has
been ordered by Coroner Mehrmann, to be
held to-morrow evening. Deceased had
not previously complained of illness, and
up to the time of retiring last night ap
peared in the best of health and good
spirits. , ,
A rumor had gained circulation to th«
effect that Samuels had committed sui
cide, but this the relatives emphatically
deny, and, moreover, no poison or other
indication in that direction was found.
Deceased was a native of Austria, aged 69
years, and leaves several grown up chil
dren.
Boy Crushed Under Car-wheels.
OAKLAND. Oct. Willie Anderson,
aged 10 years. residing with his parents
at 1725 Fifteenth street, attempted this
afternoon to board a moving freight train
at West Oakland Point and was run over,
the wheels crushing both feet. He was
removed to the receiving hospital and to
night Drs. Porter and Buteau amputated
his legs below the knees.
78
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Markot and Third streets, open
until 11 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:80 o'clock.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:80 o'clock.
838 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
015 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
:&<1 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, comer Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until • o'clock.
109« Valencia street; open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky Ktroets: open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. L K. .j.
T., No. 8 Pest *t.- Special assembly (EC™
THIS EVENING; at 7:30 . 'clook. Order ifij
of the Tempi.-. All fraters oordially In- M§?
vited. y
SIR JOHN TONNINGSEN, Commander.
SIR HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
GOLDEN Gate Commandery No. 16, K. «^3p_
T., Golden Gate building, 625 Sutter st. TSff,
—Special assembly THIS EVENING, at fCJ
8 o'clock. The Order of th- Temple will V
be conferred. All trater* ara oourte- ▼
cusly Invited. _
J. c. CAMPBELL, Em. Com.
WM. T. FONDA, Recorder.
PACIFIC Lodge N0.~135. F. and A. My «
121 Eddy St.— Will meet THIS DAY _£%-
(Monday) at 12:20 p. m., to attend the lt_r\ '
funeral of our late brother. SOLOMON /.Nr.
SWEET. Master Mason* ar-e invited.
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secretary.
RING Solomon's Lodge No. 260, F. and J*
A M. 1539 Fillmore First degree -£%-
THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, at ::80^_T\
o'clock. By order of the 9. W. ' v
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETrNG— Notice I* here- j
t. given that the annual meeting of tne
stockholders of the Bank of California
will be held st the banking houee in this , ,
city. 00 TUESDAY. October 10. 1899, at 11 i <
o'clock a. m. _ .
ALLEN M. CLAY, secretary. ,
San Francisco. September 25, 1899. ■
ANNUAL meeting, stockholders of The Slme i '
Company— The annual meeting of the stock- .
holders of The Sime Company will be held at .
the principal office of the company In San
Francisco, Cal., on WEDNESDAY, the 18th ;
day of October, 1899, at 2 o'clock p. m., for .
the purpose of electing directors and for the
transaction of such other business as may
properly come before the ■ting.
ALBERT C. AIKEN, President.
Dntr-d October 7. 1599. .
ACCOUNTANTS.
eTkTbaLLARD. 401 Cal. St., designs audits A
adjusts accounts fnr corporations & firms ref. (
ASTROLOGY.
JAIN Astrology Club: meetings In San Fran- : ]
Cisco; horoscopes, $1. Prof. Monroe, Lorln J
(Berkeley), Cal.
________________________
ATTORNEY AT LAW.
LAW~an"d L^an Co. , -Capital $100,000; pro- :
secute or defend law-suits In ail courts on con- ;
tingent fees; employ able counsel; loan money
on any kind of security. Advice free, by mail : '
or at 'office. £14 Pine st.. room 64. : -
ADVICE free: R. W. KING, sixth floor, Chron- \ :
'cle bldg : no advance charges; all cases; es- ,
tates mortgages, damages, collections, bank- .
ruptcy. wil - :• .. drawn; moderate fees; >
cali or writ* I
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private; \
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, S5O Market, cor. Stocktn.
NOAH F. FLOOD. 933 Market st., opp. Mason; : -
consultation free: moderate fees, ;
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels building, 927 |
Market: consultation tree; no fees in advance. ; •
NAGLE & NAGLE. attorneys at law, Emma I ■
Spreckels building. 927 Market st. j
ADVICE free- no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market St.. opp. Mason. '
— !
RATH < ', BXNETS- I HEBM '• I .
THE Robinson 4-panel hath cabinet., folding : J
like a screen; one panel opening as a door;
cail and see it: descriptive booklet free, W. (
S. BROWN, general agent. 42' ElHfl st.
r — - — ... _^=a
BIC>YCLE PAIRS-
THOS. H. B. VARNEY. Market and Tenth.
RAMBLER AND IDEAL BICYCLES.
REPAIRING A SPECIALTY.
HOARD AND ROOMS.
ELLIS. 6.7—W ell-furnished front rooms, with
good board; bath: telephone; gas; piano.
MARKET. IS2'l <Lri S Falmas)— Suite of 2 or 3 j
rms.; private; ith; sin. rms.; board optional. \
O'FARRELL. 742— Clean, comfortable rooms; j
good home cooking; special rates to gents.
POWELL. 309 (The Waldorf)— Furnished suites |
and single, with or without board.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly !
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address d the I
United Ptatt?. postpaid, for 81 per year.
BOARD AND ROOMS WANTED.
YOUNG hlnest lately from Pennsylvania
desires room and board In private Protestant '
Christian family; central; state terms. Box
800. Call office,
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
A YOUNG lady would like to board a child not
under a year old. Box 202, Call.
CHILDREN'S home: mother;* care; $3 month-
ly. Address H.. Frultvale P. O.
BOOKS — AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought an i exchanged.
- Holmes Book Co.. 704 Mission st., near Third.
BOOTS AND SHOES.
CHILDREN'S best kangaroo school shoes, Ssc; j
lad's stylish lace or button shoes, $1 25; men's
shoes, $1; price list mailed tree. PEOPLE'S
' SHOE STORE, 13"3 Stockton, nr. Broadway. :
t■ ■ j
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— s4so— BRANCH bakery and stationery store
on O'Farrell St., including 4 rooms; daily re-
ceipts $10; rent SIT.; a splendid offer. R. G.
WILKE. 9w> Market st.
A— HOTEL of 1-0 rooms, office, bar, dining-
room, etc. ; established for many years with
large patronage; in very best part of this city;
. cloae to Maiket an I Kearny; this first-class
paying property must be sold at once; books
open for Inspection; price $SOOO. Particulars
1: G. WILKE. 'JO5 Market Ht.
A— slsoo; TRANSFER corner grocery and bar;
doing a rushing cash store and bar business;
low reiit; rare chance; other business compels !
owner to sacrifice; investigate at once. R. |
G. WILKE. 906 Market St.
$150— HOME bakery and notion store, with |
8 living rooms; rent $20; on Buchanan st. ,
R. G. WILKE, 906 Market st.
A— 1380; DYEING and cleaning store on Powell !
St.: rent $35; first class; paying. Call WILKB, j
906 Market St. '
A— s6oo4 RESTAURANT and oyster parlor*; |
choicest location; rent $33; dally receipt* $25;
meals not less than Etc; bargain. R. G. j
WILKE. 9C6 Market st. . |
$1800— CORNER grocery; bar: finest »tore West- j
crn Addition; value of $2500 in stock and fix- ■
tures; 4 rooms; rent $35; receipts $35 up; '
greatest offer out; going East. M. LESS. 765 ;
Market st.
BRANCH bakery; fine location; 4 nice liv-
ing rooms; reasonable rent; present owner
there many years; cheap. M. LESS, 765 Mkt.
$200— CORNER branch bakery in the Mission:
4 living rms.; receipts from $12 to $14 per day;
rent cheap; old -stub. M. LESS, 765 Market. j
CLEAR property In Stockton to exchange for
rooming house In this city. COWING & CO., !
995 .Market st.
A— RESTAURANT; great sacrifice; cause de-
parture; bargain. COWING & CO., 963 Mar-
ket st.
BAKERY;. fine location; good business; bar-
gain. Pee COWING & CO.. 995 Market st.
$1000— SALOON: in prosperous country town; ■
bargain en account of other business. Mo- !
LAUGHLIN & CO., TWA Market St.
$COO— FIRST-CLASS delicacy store; bargain this '
day. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market st. j
$600— CANDY store: bargain; going East cause
of sale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market. .
$650; LAUNDRY route; ---are $100 a month; !
horse and wagon. KREDO & CO., 22H Geary. |
A— s3so: ROAD house, near flourishing town;
gcod business. KREDO & CO., 22H Geary.
$175— BRANCH bakery and notions; $5 to $10
daily; rooms. KREDO & CO.. 22^ Geary st.
$1300— SNAP; saloon; best location In city; near
Market st.; fine business. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
WANTED— SISO for complete Invention; great
chance to make big money, BASILE, 8 Eddy.
$1800— French bakery: fine bus.: 4 horses, 3 wag-
ons. U furn. rm*. ; low rent. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
GENERAL merchandise business In country.
bear full investigation; 2 country hotel* and
restaurants; 2 branch bakeries; fine paying
crocerj' store* and saloons: business of all
kinds bought, sold and exchanged: money j
loaned on lodging house*. EITEL, 1008V4 Mar-
ket st.
A— GRAND opportunity for an active man;
small capital required; business clearing $125
per month. SI Market et., room 2.
'ST be sold cheap; restaurant. Third *t. ;
have other business to attend; good chcoce
for man and wife. Address box 860, Call.
BUSINESS CHANCES—
L.AW A LOAN CO., Inc.— Capital $100,000: will
Invest your money on approved and guaran-
teed securities, paying monthly 1 per cent
net Interest; will prosecute or defend lawsuits
In all courts on contingent fees; employ able
counsel; advice free. 214 Pine St.. room 64.
HOTEL barber shop; Vi Interest; over 30 years
old. WOLFfiCHLUCHT, 7 Hardie place
A FIRST-CLASS coffee and lunch place for
sale cheap; $2500. Address box 211. Call.
TAILOR shop; complete; 8 years' standing; 4
living rooms and kitchen; completely fur-
nished; stock of new and second-hand cloth-
ing; owner going back to old country. 1633
Derisadero St.. near Sutter. __^__
THREE good hotels for sale or rent; good and
centrally looated; dining-room: rent .paid in
board; price $100. Room 2, 1007% Market St.,
near Sixth. __^____
Branch bakery; 3 rooms, partly furnished:
fine place for man and wife wishing to serve
meal*. 1614 Pacific, near Polk st.
FOR sale— A half interest In a first-class pay-
ing hotel and bar; partner retiring on account
of sickness. Box 703. Call office.
$176— HARDWARE and bicycle repair business;
good location; satisfactory reason for selling.
Address box 779. Call office.
GOOD location for fruit store; fixture* In; two
rooms; rent reasonable. 290 Third aye., cor.
Clement; take Sutro car.
BAKERY for sale; brick oven: central loca-
tion; steady cash trade. Box 2801, Call office.
WOOD and coal yard: established; good loca-
tion; cheap rent. Box 795. Call office.
WELL-APPORTIONED, paying restaurant,
good location, at sacrifice; would take part-
ner; other business. ALFA CO., 935 Market.
$15 TO-LET, stall In large market, suitable
for poultry, oysters or delicacies. SONOMA
MARKET. 1307 Polk St.
TOR sale ßakery and delicacy store i must be
■old at onoe. ' Inquire at 2917 Sixteenth St..
near Howard.
(400 — RESTAURANT, with every convenience; ]
fine location: good trade: sickness. lOCS Hyde.
CIGAR store: water fi<nt; must be sold; pro-
prietor deceased. Afply 227 Battery Bt.
FOR SALE— grocery and bar; Post and
Devieadero st. ; for one week.
PRIVATE boarding house; 20 boarders; 1!
rooms; all full; north Market. Box 1315, Call.
RESTAURANT outfits for sale. D. McRAE,
748 Mission st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL A CO.'S, 412 Sacramento St.
300 D paving Inside route for Bale; this paper.
Apply Call office.
FOR sale— Good paying Inside route on this
paper. Apply Call office.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
rOR sale — Columbus trap, with shafts, one 1
or two seats; in excellent condition; also one
bay gelding horse: weight *50 pounds; suit-
able for buggy; good traveler, sound, kind,
gentle and in perfect condition. Apply MUR-
IAY'S STABLE. San Rafael, or 320 Sansome
st., room 15.
DELIVERY wagon carrying 1 ton; 1 buggy,
good as new; made here. SHAW, 1621 Market.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness, !
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts. I
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st. i
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work I
send to BPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet- j
beating Works, 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr., 88-40 Sth st. ; tel. South 250.
r. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel Main 304. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
I. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
st.; cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
:ONKLIN"S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
CTTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing: a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
Agent. Office and factory, 21 Spear st.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND >i iKI 1 L. 'Ai.l.sM.
MRS. DR. CLARK,
the well-known trance medium and clair-
voyant, may be consulted on all affair* of
life. While entranced she will reveal every
hidden mystery; she will show you how to
overcome your enemies; remove family trou-
bles; restore lost affections; unites the sep-
arated; recovers lost, stolen or buried prop-
erty; locates trasures and minerals; tells
your entire life, past, present and future,
while in a perfect trance: perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail; send stamp for circular
with special terms. IMRS. DR. F. CLARK.
205 Turk st. Always consuU the best.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, the celebrated trance
test medium, life reader and medical clair-
voyant; sittings, $1.
The Sick Diagnosed Free,
Come and Be Cured.
By her wonderful revealed remedies and "new
method" of treatment for chronic, special and
obscure diseases. :
She has the divine gift of second sight and
can show you the way out of trouble, physical
or mental, and give you health. 232 Stockton
et., between Post and Geary. Send stamp
for circular and terms of treatment.
MME. MELBOURNE, girted clairvoyant, card
reader: satisfaction guaranteed: fees 25c and
60c; hours 1-6 and 7-10 p. m. 6124 Eddy st.
MADAME A. CERVANTES, the celebrated
Spanish fortune-teller, newly arrived. 8
Hayes st., room 7, second floor.
JOHN SLATER; circle to-night. 8:15; sittings
daily 10 to 4. 1809 Stockton, near Greenwich.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MRS. C. J. MEYER, trance dcv. cir., 2-8 p. m.;
2. .c; tests to all; readings. 335 McAllister.
MRS. VICARS' test meeting to-night, 10c. 148
Sixth St., room 7; sittings dally.
GYPSY life reader: satisfaction guaranteed;
25c; reading by mail. $1. 5 Seventh st.
MME. LANGE. queen of clairvoyants, 1167 Mar-
ket, bet. 7th and Sth; fee 2.*>c up; satisfaction.
MME. WALTERS, the great card reader— La-
dies, 25c; gents, 60c. 951 Mission; open Sunday.
J. ZERA, the best fortune-teller, has love
charms and tells lucky days. 263 Third st.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, 10c- card reader;
past, present, future, 25c. 148 Sixth St., r. 12.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader, medical clairvoyant. 232 Stockton.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c; daily, 10 a, m.
to 10 p. m.; Sun., 7to 10 p. m. 105 Larkin st.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 2124 Sixth st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
A WEEK'S new* for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
• 16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. 81 per year.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
less successful. Room 310, 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
FIFTEENTH, 1876, near Dolores— bay-
window cottages, 5 and 6 rooms; large base-
ment; yard; cheap.
JONES, 2052— T0 rent, cottage 4 rooms and
bath: hot and cold water; rent $14.
— *^^^m^m
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
WANTED— LadIes to learn to cut, design, make
their gowns; satisfaction guaranteed; pupil*
can make their gowns while learning; send for
circular. MRS. LIVINGSTON, 530 Sutter st.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladles Tailoring 'parlors;
French tailoring system taught. 805 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 357 Geary; dresses
made $5 up; dresses made over: perfect fit.
DENTISTS.'
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlor*. 927
Market St., over Cafe Zlnkund— extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gum*; the best and most artistic
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from $1 up; other fillings from 60c:
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain; plates that fit
from $4 50 up; flesh colored plates from $3 50
up; teeth without plates a specialty; open
evenings and Sundays.
A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry,
Synol, on application to the gums, removes
the pain; Bee our flesh colored plates, thinner
and strur.ger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings, 60c; crowns. $3 60; plates,
full set, $5; all work palnlee* and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth et.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without Plate* our specialty; gold crown*,
J8 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 60 up; of-
fice hours. 9a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to a
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M.D., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by hi* won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plate*, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1899.
DENTISTS.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market st.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.. 8 graduate opera-
tors; open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
MEYER— Deutseher Zahnar7it, 6 Turk: lst-class
work; prices reas.; gas; crown & bridge work.
DR. N. BAR DUE. r. 211. Examiner Bldg.;
work reasonable; satisfaction guaranteed.
LOWEST prices In S. F. : work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists, 967 Mission, cor. 6th,
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S College, 24 Post *t., S. F. ;
practical courses In bookkeeping, Bhorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.; new 80-page catalogue free.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St., short-
hand, typewriting, bookkeeping, writing, Eng-
lish, telegraphy, under qualified teacher; low
rates; life scholarship, $50; catalogue.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Markt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay. archi. ;day and even.;
est. 1864, VAN PER NAILLEN. 988 Market.
MATHEMATICS, mechanics, steam, graphics,
etc.; circulars and specimen lesson paper*;
evenings. 3040 Sixteenth St.
LADY, experienced high school teacher, Uni-
versity graduate, teaches in families. 964
Adeline st.. Oakland.
M. G. BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal), instructs
in shorthand; pupils by mail. 302 Montgomery.
SINGING, piano; Paris grad.; French, Spanish.
S2 mo. 630 G. G. aye., r. 6-7; hours, 2 to 8.
LAW Schools, 927 Market, S. F.. and 905 Broad-
way. Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory of
Leipslc; lessons 75c. 820 Golden Gate avo.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busi-
ness College. 306 Larkin st., opp. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetiagrammar, writing;
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mission,
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
16 page-. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. OAKI. 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant 66.
CHINESE and Japanese. Employment Office;
best help. 4K I ? O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
FIELD'S Employment Agency; help furnished
tree. r.r.S Clay st. ; phone Davis 821.
I
EMPLOYMENT W ANTED — FEMALE.
NEAT young girl desires a situation as nurse
girl or assist housework. MISS H. CULLI-
NAN, 323 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires a situation,
also a first-class French cook, with best city
references. MISS H. ''ELLIN AN. 323 Sutter.
FIRST-CLASS Infant nurse desires a situation;
best city ref. MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter.
LADIES desiring first-class help can secure
same by calling on, telephoning or address-
ing MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young German girl desires situation as
nurse or second girl or housework, $10 to $15;
reference. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
SWEDISH houseglrl: good cook; best refer-
ences. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
YOUNG woman wants position to assist with
light housework with 2 or 3 adults; per-
manent home more object than big wages; |
references; no postals; city only. Call 931 l
Laurel aye., bet. Eddy and Turk sts.
RELIABLE middle-aged woman wishes a sit-
uation to do general work; city or country:
no objection to children; call on Tuesday. |
10 Stockton place, off Grant aye. .
NEAT Swedish girl wishes to do general house-
work In small family; Is a good cook; good \
reference. 513 McAllister st.
STRONG young Swedish girl wants a position
to d . general housework and cooking. 1
Columbia square.
2 STRONG willing girls wish positions at gen- !
eral housework. Apply at 217 Polk St. ,• .V
COMPETENT school teacher desires position In
family to Instruct children and other light
work. Box 263, Call office.
TRUSTWORTHY woman wishes any kind of
work few hours dally by the week. Apply 6
Auburn St., off Jackson, above Mason.
!
CULTURED young lady desires position a*
companion to Invalid: no objection to travel-
ing Box 702, Call office.
COLORED lady wishes situation to do general
housework or downstairs work. Address 915 i
Powell St.. between Sacramento and Clay. i
EXPERIENCED nurse wishes situation to
take entire care of Infant from birth or young
children; first-class references. 106 Hayes st. j
WANTED— an elderly American woman, j
situation to do light housework in small
family: small wages. Inquire or address :J\.
Scott place, bet. Pacific and Broadway.
WANTED— Situation as infant's nurse; best >
city references. 6 Ewlng place, off Laguna,
bet. Sutter and Post sts.
WANTED— Position of trust by an Intelligent j
business woman; No. 1 references. Box 479,
Call office.
WANTED— By an American lady, position a*
housekeeper. Address box 799, Call Office.
MIDDLE aged German woman would like a
position as housekeeper or with elderly couple;
good seamstress; Oakland preferred. V. G.,
29 Lapldge st., bet. 18th and 19th.
SWEDISH girl wishes position at general
housework or cooking. 1840 Turk st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 60 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia il .
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
FIRST-CLASS paperhanger. fainter, best ref-
erences, wants situation at once. Write
ANTHONY, 241 Natoma st.
GOOD all-round cook needs work; Is also good
meat cutter. Address CHARLES KNAPP. 40
Rausch st.
BARBER, middle-aged man, German, wishes
steady place. K. HAUB, 787 O'Farrell st.
JAPANESE boy wants situation as a house-
work boy. Y. SHIGEDOMI, 1606 Jones st.
WANTED by first-class laundryman position
as foreman or manager; I am an economist
and worker; can give best references. Ad-
dress W. D. McINTYRE, 1845 Market St.,
Denver, Colo.
WORK in hospital, asylum or charge of In-
valid, dementia, etc., by hospital graduate
ex-Naval Hospital Corps: age 29; references
for character and ability: reasonable wages
to start. J. H. L.. box 408, Call office.
GERMAN man and wife want to get work In
a hotel or lodging-house; city or country;
man good porter; wife good chambermaid;
can give good references. Address box 436,
Call office.
YOUNG man would like a position In grocery
or wholesale house; has had a little experi-
ence; can furnish first-class reference. Ad-
dress Volunteer, box 2400. Call office.
YOUNG man. speaking French and English,
understanding all branches of business, de-
sires a steady position; Al references given.
Address box 242, Call office.
COACHMAN, understands his business thor-
oughly In all branches, No. 1 references, de-
sires situation as such. Address C. S., 1022
Jackson st.
ELDERLY, active American wants place
with private family; handy and willing; good
home; small wages. Address box 404. Call.
YOUNG man. 20 years of age, would like work
in grocery or wholesale house. Call or ad-
dress 1506% Franklin st.
WANTED— by competent and experi-
enced engineer: best references. Address box
429. Call office.
: SITUATION wanted to take care of horses and
garden; good references. Call or address J.
KIECKBUSCH. 1800 Union st., cor. Octavia.
ALL-ROUND German cook wants a place in
hotel or boarding house; wages $40 to $50 a
month. Address 106 Second st.
PAINTER with full outfit will work reasonably
by day or contract for right party. Address
box 794, Call office.
YOUNG man (IS) without experience wants to
learn dining-room work: restaurant prefer-
red; wages no object. Box 2351. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class poultry
raiser as foreman, worker, or take it on
shares. Address 431 Pine st.
CHINESE— A first-class cook wants situation
in private family. Inquire GIN KIM, 842 Du-
pont st.
YOUNG man wants labor work; inside pre-
ferred. Box 252, Call office.
GERMAN gardener desires situation in private
place, city or country'- Address box 411. Call.
YOUNG man would like a position as fireman
on small engine and boilers. Box 2166, Call.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
t subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
-1 lencia eL
__ EXCHANGE. ___
FOR BALE OR EXCHANGE
8 acres, near a lively country town and ad-
Jaoent to 2 R. R. stations: vineyard on tract;
house of 6 rooms and other buildings; con-
veninent to San Francisco; will accept a
lodging-house in exchange. Apply
SCHWEINHARD & CO., rooms 2-3, 1007%
Market st., near Sixth. ■
FOR exchange— acres; fine stock and grain
ranch; good house and all implements; Santa
Clara Valley; other paying ranches, fruit and
grain, for sale or exchange. EITEL, 1008%
Market st.
YOUNG, gentle buggy horse for horse suitable
for mountain travel; must be young, sound
and good appearance. E. A., Call office,
Oakland.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. expert optician.
1071% Market st.. San Francisco; exam. free.
;-; , FURNITURE FOR SALE.
HEAVY matting, 10c per yardrilnen^rarp, 15c;
tapestry Brussels carpet sewed. laid and lined.
50c per yard. EASTERN OUTFITTING CO..
1310-13 M Stockton st., nr. Broadway.
FURNISHED, 7 rooms, $160; $50 down, balance
on long time. 5 Seventh st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. '.127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
$5000 CARPETS, furniture, etc.; highest price;
postal. COLEMAN. 1125 Mission st.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 778 Mission St.. pay*
the highest price for your 2d-hand furniture.
WANTED— SSOOO carpets. furniture, etc. ; highest
price paid; postal. M. Si!versteln,ll2l Market.
FLATS TO LET.
CAPP. 786. between Twenty-second and Twen-
ty-thlrd; 4 sunny flats; 5 rooms, bath.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN A HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
FLAT of 5 large sunny rooms and bath; rent
reasonable. 3645 Sacramento St., cor. Spruce.
FLAT, 4 rooms, large yard; rent $8. 734 Willow
aye.. near Buchanan st.
LOWER flat, 6 rooms and bath. 117 Liberty
st., near Guerrero. '
NOE, 596, NE. corner Nineteenth— Lovely up-
per sunny modern 5-room flat, with store
room; $17; water free.
SEVEN rooms and 2 kitchens; modern; sunny
bay windows; for 2 families. 417% Third st.
SEVENTH, 454, corner Bryant— s sunny rooms;
cheap. Apply between 1 and 3.
TWO flats to let, 5 rooms each. Apply 720
Bryant st.
8-ROOM flat; all modern Improvements; sun all
day; rent moderate. 633 Page st.
$13— FLAT of 3 rooms and bath; also 4 rooms.
524 Fell . st.
$18— NEW flat, 6 room* and bath. 328 Clement
st., corner Fifth aye.. Richmond District.
FLATS WANTED.
WOMAN with two children would like small,
new, clean, modern furnished flat In good
neighborhood. Address box 208, Call office.
WANTED— Sunny furnished flat of 5 or 6
rooms: 3 beds: convenient to Denman School.
Address box 243, Call office.
FURRIERS, FURS, ETC
ELECTRIC seal capes, Astrakan yokes, $10 to
$30. ROUT WALLACE. 115 Kearny, top floor.
-
HELP WANTED AGENTS.
WE want active men and women to take orders
for holiday books; all the best war histories
now ready; Bend for samples. THE J. DEW-
ING CO., Flood building. San Francisco.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
A— LADY'S maid, $30 per month; 2 second girls,
$25 per month: 3 German and Swedish cooks,
$30 per month; 20 housework girls, city and
country, $20 and $25; 8 young girls, assist, $10
to $15. MISS CULLEN, 825 Sutter st .
I A— WOMAN to cook in a mining town, $25 per
month. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
COOK and chambermaid, same house, $30 and
$15; Ironers, laundry. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK. Monterey County, $20, fare
paid; good place. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
C. R. HANSEN & CO. PHONE GRANT 185.
2 waitresses, Nevada, $20; 2 waitresses,
south, $20; 6 waitresses, first-class commer-
cial hotels, $20: 3 chambermaids to wait, city
and country, $20; laundress, country. $20; 6
waitresses, city, $5 $7 week, arm work: 2
chambermaids, city, $15 to $20; 6 Ironers, city,
$15 to $40.
FAMILY ORDERS,
governess, $25; 2 second girls. $20 and $25;
good houßeglrls wanted. $15 to $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
WANTED — for general housework; small
family. 1029 Dolores st.
HOUSEWORK, Menlo Park, $25; Berkeley, $23;
Alameda, $20; Belvedere, $25; Alcatraz Isl-
and, $13; Petaluma, $20; St. Helena, $20, and
several other towns; a number of housework
girls, city, $25. $20 and $15: 20 young girls to
assist, $10 to $15; 10 waitresses and chamber-
maids, city and country, $25 and $20: 4 sec-
ond girls, city. $20 and $13. MISS H. CULLI-
NAN, 323 Sutter st. ; phone. Main 651.
CHAMBERMAID, city, $20: country, $20.
MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st.
2 COLORED cooks, country boarding-houses,
523 and $30. MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter.
TWO laundresses, Institution, $25 each; cook,
institution, $33, see party here 11 o'clock:
two looks, private family, $30 and $25: 2
nurseglrls, $23 and $15; 2 second girls. $20 and
$15; houseglrl, 2 'n family, $23; houseglrl,
Oakland, $25: Alameda, $23; Los Gatos. $25;
woman, with a child, as housekeeper. $10:
nurseglrl, must sleep horns, $10; woman to
assist, $15; ranch cook, $25. MISS NORTON.
313 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID. $30: woman to scrub, $1 a
day. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
WANTED— reliable woman for general
housework and cooking. • Apply bet. 1 and 3
at 925 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Saleslady for hat department at
RAPHAEL'S, Inc.. 9 to 15 Kearny st.
GERMAN girl; must be a good cook. 13?2
Geary st. .
YOUNG girl for store; $3 a week. Apply 1522
Stockton st., upstairs, 10 o'clock.
WANTED— Competent girl for housework and
cooking; wages $20. 1269 McAllister st.
WANTED— girl to do <lght housework;
no children.- 405 Van Ness aye.
GIRL for light housework; wages $8 to *10;
good home. 1441 Fulton st.
SOLICITORS: salary at start and big commis-
sion; call this morning. Room 33, 26 O'Farrell.
MACHINE girls on vests. 641% Stevenson st.
WANTED— Young girl to assist In light house-
work: wages $6. 2005 Pine St..
FIRST-CLASS finisher and buttonhole maker
on custom vests. 6 Eddy St.. room 111.
GIRL, about 15, to care for baby and. assist
with light housework. 3997 Eighteenth st.
GIRL to work In bakery and candy store.
3997 Eighteenth st.
WANTED— Neat girl to assist In housework;
reference. ■ 1603 Laguna st.
GOOD help on skirts. 868 Mission St., room T.
NURSEGIRL wanted; wages $12. 1458 Page st.
FIRST-CLASS ladles' tailor; good position. 20
Sansome St., upstairs.
WANTED— young . girl to assist In up-
stairs and take care of children. 1140 Oak.
WANTED— Two experienced restaurant- wait-
resses; $5 per week. 621 Kearny st.
GIRL or woman wanted to take care of baby;
sleep home. Room 44, 703 Geary st.
GERMAN girl housework and cooking; $16.
Apply 9 to 12 a. m., 414 Van Ness aye.
NEAT young waitress wanted at 136 Second st.
EXPERIENCED girl wanted in bakery. 108
Ninth st.
WAITRESS wanted. 3034 Sixteenth St.
WANTED— Nurseglrl at 2912 Clay st
WANTED— girl for housework. 969
Mission st.
GIRL; general housework; reference*. 920
Eddy st.
RESTAURANT waitress wanted. 631 Clay st.
WANTED— Apprentice for dressmaking at 120%
Hayes st.
GERMAN- girl for housework: sleep home.
Apply, after 9 a. m., 1053 Market, upstairs.
WANTED— apprentice girl for dressmak-
ing. 616 Jessie st. ■
WANTED— to do kitchen work. 621 Post
street. '
COLORED girl for general housework in small
family. 710 California St.. room 6.
YOUNG girl for general housework;. German
preferred. 2935 Twenty-fourth tt.
WANTED— Experienced Ironers at U. 8. Laun-
dry. Sixteenth and Valencia sts.
AMERICAN middle-aged woman for house-
work; small wages; good home. 1320 Kearny.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
GIRLS! GIRLS '^ GIRLS I
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 82% Fremont St..
are putting in the very best sewing ma-
chines and will take in several hundred more
operators on overalls; good wages. Apply to
MR. DAVIS. -
APPRENTICES on shirts and overalls; paid
while learning. Standard Shirt Factory,
Gough and Grove sts.
FIRST-CLASS basters, coatmakers and oper-
ators on coats; also one man that under-
stands making turned coats thoroughly. S.
N. WOOD & CO., 71S Market st.
WANTED— An intelligent nurse for 2 children
about to travel East: English, German and
Swedish only need apply. Call at 1225 Pine
st. Monday, October 9, bet. 3 and 4:30 p. m.
WANTED— earnest, willing woman under
85; one brought up in the country preferred.
H. L. & Co., box 231, Call office. _^
APPRENTICES, finishers and button-hole
makers wanted; custom work. 609 Kearny,
room 2. - .
SOLICITORS: salary at start and big com-
mission; call this morning. Room 33, 26
O'Farrell st.
FIRST-CLASS sewers for cording skirts, etc.,
to take work home. H. FRIEDLANDER. 338
Fell st.
YOUNG girl, general housework; German pre-
ferred. Call 6 South Broderick st., near
Fourteenth.
GIRL for general housework and cooking, $20.
Apply 9 to 11 a. m., 40 Bartlett st.
GIRL wanted for cooking and general house-
work. 1420 Sutter st.
WANTED— First-class vest mnker and appren-
tice and boy for pressing. 678 Natoma.
WANTED— 4 ladles who want to make $10 a
week. Call 114 Jones st., San Francisco. -
FIRST-CLASS finishers on custom coats;
steady work. 222 Kearny st.
BOYS wanted; apply Monday 8 a. m. 812 Grove.
GIRL or woman wanted at 1443 Devlsadero st. ;
wages $15.
NEAT young girl for general housework. Call
or address 957 Union St., near Jones.
WANTED — for lunch cook; German
preferred. Corner of Powell and Beach.
WANTED— A German girl to assist in' house-
work. 629 McAllister st.
IRONER wanted in factory on ladles' and
children's wear. 123 Market St., room 35.
ACCORDEON pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post, overO Connor & Moffatt.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit at
376 San Jose aye. ■•.!.. _■-'..
McDOWELL' Dressmaking School gives a
thorough, artistic course. 103 Post st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
WANTED— Driver for milk wagon, $35 and
found; butcher boy, $4 week and found; wood-
chopper; colored coachman, $20 and found;
farmers. $25 and $26; choremsn, Napa County,
$20, fare advanced, see boss in city; laborers
for lumber railroad, $26 and board, fare ad-
vanced: a large number of woodsmen, drill-
ers, railroad laborers, laborers for mines, at
$1 75 to $2 day: teamsters, $2 day. and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— 2 boarding house cooks, country,
$30 and $35; restaurant cook, city, $10 week;
hotel waiter, country, $30; porter for restau-
rant. $25; dishwashers and others. J. F.
CROSETT A CO.. 628 Sacramento St.
WANTED— I 2 quartz miners. $2 25 and $2 50
day; lumberman for mine, $2 75; 2 carpenters
for mine, $3 50 day: 2 laborers for gold mine,
$2 day. J. F. CROSETT A CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st.
FREE FARE FREE FARE
RAILROAD WORK
25 laborers for company work, Madera, $1 75
a day. board $4 50 a week
20 teamsters and laborers for Martinez, $2 a
day, board $4 50 a week
10 tunnel men for Martinez, $2 50 a day, board
$4 50 a week
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
NO FEE FREE FARE
FOR THE COAST ROAD
TEAMSTERS AND LABORERS
SHIP TUESDAY morning
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
6 CARPENTERS for flume building. $3 a day,
board $4 10 a week, fare advanced: black-
. smith, near city, $40; 20 laborers, near city,
$2 a day; 10 laborers and teamsters, city,
$1 75 a day: 6 farmers, different ranches. $20
and $25: 2 Swiss milkers, $25; man about place,
$20; soap maker. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
CAMP cook for 15 persons, $35 to $40 and free
fare: baker, country hotel, $50; second cooks,
broilers, Phort-order cooks, dishwashers, pot-
washers, city and country, and other kitchen
help too numerous to advertise. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WASHER. $40; marker, and distributor, $40;
plain Ironer, $23, for country laundry, see
party here to-day (Sunday) at 9 a. m. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
WANTED
Man to can tomatoes and fruit for Institution,
near city, $30 per month and found
blacksmith for country shop, near city, $10
and found; plain painter -nd paperhanger,
for city shop, $.15 and found: man handy
with ax to work In woods, near city. $30
and board; farmer and wife, near city. $40
and found; also cooks, waiters, dishwashers
and others. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay.
WANTED— Driver for milk route In city, ref-
erences required; $35 per month and found.
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
ANDRE'S Offiec, 816 Stockton st.— Waiter,
$35; night waiter* $35; night cook, $40; dish-
washer and cook short orders, country. $25:
kitchenhands. $25 and $30; 2 waiters, country;
oysterman, $40: barkeeper, $40; butler, $40;
3 restaurant porters, $20 and $25.
SECOND butler, $40 per month! MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
COOK, $30. MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter
street.
2 MEN who have worked at whitening and
painting at least one year. Call early. 319
Third st.
LADIES' tailor wanted for Hale Bros.' Sacra-
mento store. Apply HALE BROS.. Market St.
WANTED— 2 young men to sell potatoes on
commission. 1126 Harrison st., 5 p. m.
WANTED— boy In merchant tailoring
store. 410 Kearny St., r. 20; apply from 9 to 10.
WANTED— Barber; steady. 122 Third st
SMART reliable boy, betweeA 15 and 16; good
appearance; doctor's office. 315 Parrott bldg.
SOLICITORS; salary nt start: big commission;
call this morning. Room 33, 26 O'Farrell st.
FIRST-CLASS dishwasher for restaurant and
oyster house; $20 month. 44 Turk st.
COOK for oyster and chop house. 110 Geary
st.; call early,
BOY wanted at 222 Kearny st.
WANTED— cook. 1012 Battery st.
BOY wanted to learn tailoring at 88 Grove st.
DISHWASHER wanted at 29 Fourth st.
BARBER wanted; steady work. 217 Fourth st.
WANTED— Errand boy at 2009 Fillmore st,
/GOOD restaurant cook. Japanese preferred;
call early. 1008 Hyde st.
YOUNG man with experience to work In butch-
er shop; about 20 years old. 450 Cortland aye.
WANTED— Boy to help In cigar store; bring
references to 301 Sixth st.
WAITER used to bakery and coffee house
work. 612 Kearny st.
WANTED— and dishwasher. 269 O'Far-
,; rell st. -
ELDERLY man as bedmaker at 52 Second st.;
reference required.
WANTED— Cook and dishwasher at 369 Hayes
street.
FIRST-CLASS bartender at 29 Stockton st.
TO Tailors— coatmakers wanted. Apply
at 11 a. m. at the Stevenson-st. entrance.
CHAS. LYONS, London Tailor. 721 Market st.
BUSHELMAN wanted. Apply after 9 a. m. to
CHAS. LYONS, London Tailor, 721 Market st.
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ.
Employment . Secy., i 630 Market, downstairs.
WANTED— Barber with at least 3 years' ex-
perience: steady employment. Address J. G.
Wood, Sebastonol, Cal. .
WANTED— carpenter foreman to put up
pavilion. WEINHOLD, corner Lombard and
Lyon sts.
JEWELERS— Bush St., room 4, Third floor.
TWO good Iron workers wanted. Apply at
Herman Safe Factory, 417 Sacramento st.
ALL round butcher for country. Address box
255. Call office.
1 OR 2 good painters wanted. 2424 Stelner St.,
near Jackson.
BAND sawyer and shaperman; engineer; bench
hand. East Oakland Planing Mill.
ACTIVE man who knows the shoe or hard-
ware trade. Room 12, Flood building, city. ,
' HELP WANTED MALE.
MtSR^A^"&^rH3A^YT!T!T!pIRS^^IdAIN 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANTED TO-DAY AT 7 A. M.,
Help for Utah. Oregon, Washington, Hawaii-
an Islands, Arizona. British Columbia, all
parts of California.
69 farm hands $35, $30, $26, $20 and found
12 milkers $30 and $25 and found
25 chore men, boys for farms, factories, learn
trades, manufacturing companies, etc., $30,
$26, $25, $20, $15, $10 and found
20 men to pull beans, fare $1....530 and found
2 men handy with tools *1 75 day
12 boys for a city manufacturing company to
learn trades, $3 50 to $6 week
STABLEMEN EDGERMAN
27 stablemen, city and country, $50, $45, $40,
. $30. $25 and found ••:
Edgerman, fare paid, see boss here $6o
12 plow teamsters, fare $1 50... 530 and found
25 section R. R. hands $35 and found
DRILLERS. TALLYMEN...........
26 single and double hand $2 .o day
Corner men. bench hands, muckers, etc
Slate splitters, bloekmakers, cabinetmakers;
3 tallymen to grade good lumber, $75; 25 la-
borers for a barrel factory $1 <•> day
6 stone and concrete masons $3 50 day
wheelwrights, wood turner ■••$3 day
22 teamsters, fare 55c ...$2 2a day
643 POSiTIONS NOT ADVERTISED.....
186 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, $3, $2 75, $2 50, $2 day. Come see
MURRAY A READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
12 CARPENTERS, sawmill company.... s3 day
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
HOTEL, LAUNDRY, BAKERY. ETC
18 cooks • — "•;■•'"•
$65 $60. $56, $40, $30 and found
14 waiters '. $30. $25. $20 and found
19 dishwashers $30, $25, $20, $15 and found
$ porters, bell and elevator boys •••
7 laundrvmen and pantrymen. $30 and found;
coatmaker; broilers, second, third and fourth:
cooks, 2 first, 4 second; third hands and 3
boys to learn baking trades. $40, $35. $2j
$20, $15 and found; 5 cooks and wives or men
together, $65. $55, $50. $40 and found.
ABOVE places are for hotels, reßtaurants, pri-
vate families, saloons, mines, boarding-
houses, institutions, ranches, railroad camps;
come and see us. MURRAY & READY. 634
and 636 Clay st.
BIG WAGES MINES 37 MINES
2 men to run underground cars $60
16 laborers, fare $150 (no experience) $60
85 laborers, fare $8 50, sliver mine.. found
26 laborers, fare $2 50 $52 and found
16 laborers, northern mine $63
63 laborers (no experience), $57 per month,
with board and lodgings
14 miners $2 25, $2 50. $2 75 day
GREAT CROWDS.. MURRAY & READY,
GOING DAILY 634 and 636 Clay st.
NOT CONTRACTORS'
BUT COMPANY WORK
25 laborers, inside work (no experience re-
quired), $2 to $2 75 day. fare 75c, steady job;
25 laborers, manufacturing company, fare 60c,
$60. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay.
WE SHIP YOU FREE
TO EVERY RAILROAD
In California but one; drillers, hammersmen,
laborers, stone masons, teamsters, etc.; wages
from $3 50 day; board and lodgings $4 50 week-
ly; (we do not ship to Coast Railroad.) MUR-
RAY A READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
MARRIED HELP WANTED
Farmer and wife, no other woman on ranch,
fare $1 50. $35 and found; man and wife for
mines (no experience), $35
6 farmers and wives 6 cooks and wives,
$60, $55, $50, $40,' $30 and found. Come and see
us. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay.
PUBLIC WORK BY COUNTY SUPERVISORS
12 laborers, fare $1 50, 6 months' Job, $2 2.". day;
12 teamsters, fare $1 50, 6 months' job, $2 day.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
WE PAY YOUR FARES SHIP TO-DAY
To 27 sawmills, woods. In beautiful Mendo-
cino, Humboldt, Santa Cruz, Sonoma, Fresno,
Shasta and 15 other counties, 284 laborers,
men to learn to run machines, etc.; $26 to $40
and found; ("no experience required"), you
will suit; woodmen, sawmill men, tiemakers,
woodchoppers, Picket makers, etc., by the
hundreds: $90, $85, $80, $75. $60, $50, $40, $30 and
found. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay st.
IN SAN FRANCISCO
174 laborers and teamsters, some manufac-
turing companies, $2 50, $2. $1 75 day. MUR-
RAY A READY. 631 and 636 Clay St.
GOOD JOBS— READ THEM
Harnessmaker, R. R. outfit, $35 and found;
$40 and found, 5 strong men as deckhands....
IB blacksmiths and helpers, 4 camp black-
smiths. $2 50 a day and $40 and found.
MURRAY A READY. 034 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— A boy from 13 to 15 years, not
more, to do odds and ends and errands and
incidentally to learn a lucrative profession;
must not smoke and must give satisfactory
references; one lately from the old country
preferred: need not speak much English;
steady job: hours from 8 to 5; wages $2 50 a
week.' with lunch. Apply to E. F. LORGI'IN,
Taxidermist, 1195 Market St., corner Eighth.
A BRIGHT, neat, industrious, well-educated
and obliging boy, from 16 to 20, fair typist
and stenographer, who wants to become a
lawyer, wanted for law office; wages to start
$20 per month. Address box 447, Call.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired; constant practice; expert, instruction;
lectures on dermatology; Saturday wages;
call or write for free Illustrated catalogue.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 635 Clay st.
CLERK wanted in large 'country store; sell,
also deliver goods; state age, married or sin-
gle, references, experience, salary expected;
permanent position. Address box 412, Call.
WANTED — Teamsters to drive scrapers; wages
$1 75 and $2; board. $4 50 per week. Apply
E. B. STONE'S camp, near San Pablo sta-
tion, on Valley Road.
WANTED— to work on grade of Valley R.
R. ; fare one way if employed 10 days; new
management; no discount on wages: reason-
able board. Apply to E. M. CARR, Pinole.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics -to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
MEN and women wanted to learn barber trade
in 6 weeks; expert Instructions: Saturday
wages: call or write for catalogue S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE, 741 A Howard st.
WANTED— Lasters on heavy work; Chase ma-
chine. D. R. WENTWORTH & CO., West
Berkeley, Cal. Apply 35 Stevenson st.
WANTED— painters to buy lots or
cottage and lot and pay partly In painting
work. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market st.
LABORERS wanted for work at Point Rich-
mond; wages $2. JAS. A. McMAHON, 210
Spear st.
$75 PER month can be made by reliable man;
permanent place; light work; must have small
capital, 1032 Market St., room 4.
EXPERIENCED machine salesmen can make
Al contracts. White Co., 300 Post st., 7 p. m.
ELDERLY man to do chores around bakery.
1139 Folsom Et.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 60c. 562 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d it*.
600 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
CUSTOM coatmakers and basters, either by
piece or week. 541 Market st
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices, $1
a week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO., attor-
neys, Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union: free employ-
in' t. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
FIRST-CLASS furnishing goods salesman and
window dresser. Apply box 2272, Call.
TRY our. 15c meals; best in city. 406 McAllis-
ter st. :.-'-'.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c. 15c and 25c
per night. Lindell, 6th and Howard: read rm.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms, 25c night: reading room; free
.'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc For Sale
REGULAR weekly auction sale TUESDAY at
11 o'clock at the Ormonde Sale Stables, 1517-
-1519 Mission St., between Eleventh and
Twelfth, of choice, sound, well-broke young
horses Just from the country; we will be
pleased to hitch' and show the above stock
in harness any time up to day ot sale. S.
WATKINS & CO., auctioneers. . N. B.— Sales
of horses direct from the country every Tues-
day at 11 a. m.
FOR sale cheap— draft horse, 7 years. 16
hands, 1400; also bay team; can do any kind
of work together or single; 11 years, SOS; also
wagon top, good condition. 2^24 Folsom st.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
827 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday,
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR SALE— carriage team: sound and
gentle. CENTENNIAL STABLES, 1521-1525
California Bt.
FOR sale— A number of work, road and busi-
ness horses. Tomkinson's Livery Stable, 57
Minna St., bet. First and Second.
FOR SALE— 4O head of horses weighing from
1000 to 1600. 324 Ninth st. -
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per yea r.
HOUSES LODGING FOR SALE.
HOUSE, 18 rooms; 3d st., nr. Market; rent
, $40; must sell this week. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
PARTIES wishing to sell lodging houses see
BASILE, 3 Eddy st. ; new cash buyer daily.
$1600— SNAP; 65 rooms; fine location: all rented;
rent $100 month. BASILE, 3 Eddy st.
BARGAIN; 24 rooms; all rented; near
Market st. ; rent $40 month. BASILE, 3 Eddy. J
— LODGING FOR SALE.
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market st-
" OVER WONDER MILLINERY rORI^:
15 rooms; Taylor st.; elegant; on.y *«™
20 rooms; central; great sacrifice.. ™
23 rooms; corner; cost $2200: see it l«w
32 rooms; sunny corner; snap g .
WE have houses to suit the wants of buyers;
we do not advertise prices, but invite Intend-
ing buyers to call and investigate our nu-
merous bargains we offer in houses; we loan
money to buyers at 2 per cent. L H c y',h
HARD & CO., 1007^ Market at., near .Sixtn.
HOUSES TO LET.
A-PRINTED list: houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
Houses— I Flats—
1661 Octavia. 16r..'.*.5150 417 Jones. 6r.....52< 50
1914 Clay. 12r 75 1333 Howard 6r... -1
Sll Mission. 9r 37 j 2428 Geary, 6r 20
707 Ellis, 6r 23 7*'.' Haight. 7r.... 20
1241 Sanchez, 5r 13 1 1609 Turk, 6r -1750
ELLIS, Sunny house, 7 rooms, bath; shed
for laundry; large yard ; fine view; $2* w.
LAGUNA, 171;" sunny modern houses, each Of
8 rooms and bath; newly papered. <
MISSION, 2249— House, 8 rooms and bath, large
yard and basement; rent $20. .
WASHINGTON. 2415— House of 9 rooms and
bath; desirable location. Apply on the prem-
ises from 11 to 12 dally or at LANDRY C.
BABIN, 413 Kearny st. » ___
HOUSE hunting" made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st. -
TO 9-room lodging house; rear entrance:
newly painted, papered. 3Vi\* O' Fan-el! St.
2-STORY corner house. 6 large rooms and bath:
beautiful marine view. Leavenworth and
Chestnut sts. -V. '■'
9-ROOM lodging-house, with private entrance
in rear; newly painted, papered. 313% O'Far-
rell St., near Mason. Apply 15 Grant aye.
$12 50—11 SUNNY rooms, bath: barn: garden;
chicken yard; at West Berkeley; railroad sta-
tion 1 block; 40 minutes from city. Inquire
WM. HENDRICKSON ft CO., 614 Call bldg.
I
HOUSES TO LET FURNISHED.
COMPLETE; 7 rocms, piano; near car lines}
rent moderate; open for inspection 2 to 5
p. m. 116 Devlsadero st.
FURNISHED cottage, 6 rooms, bath, near
park, $32. GEO. W. 11. PATTERSOIN &
CO.. 170fi Market st.
LOST AND FOv.VD.
LOST— 2 fox terrier puppies: dog black spots
on the face; bitch pure white. Return to
12 Clement st. and receive reward.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of GENEVRA CURRY; No. 233-1200.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — A brown and white cocker spaniel. Re-
ward if returned to 714 Stelner st.
LOST— Dachshund; yellow bitch pup. 12*
Church st.; liberal reward.
LOST— Passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of THOMAS DOWNS. No. 188—1297;
finder will please return to bank.
MONEY to loan: quick; all propositions; small
or large. KLOTH. 220 California St., r. 7.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
j
MASSAGE.
MASSAGE: gentlemen treated at residence. D.
SULLIVAN. 215 Kearny st. : hours. 4 to 5 p.m.
MEDICAL.
A^DRS. GOODWIN, formerly oT7oTvan~Ness
■ and 1362 Market, has returned from Europe
and Is now located at 118 Eddy; 15 years' prac-
tice in San Francisco: the dootress has trav-
eled extensively in Europe and Inspected thor-
oughly, the various hospitals there, obtaining
a great deal of valuable information: cures
when others fail: well-known, reliable cure,
$5; grntd.; maternity home; regular physician.
RHEUMATISM. LUMBAGO AND ERYSIPE-
LAS- a positive cure obtained by a volun-
teer • at the Philippine Islands, "during the
war .with Spain, from a dying native doctor;
will Bend receipt free to any sufferer sending
two-cent stamp lor postage. R. J. MARTIN,
705 1 ,'. Mission st., San Francisco.
A STRICTLY private confinement home; sunny
rooms; best of care; nice garden. DR. AND
MRS. WEGENER, phone Pine 2781; residence,
1312 Golden Gate aye.
MRS. DR. WYETH, ladies' physician; consul-
tation free; home in confinement: low fee.
942 Post St., between Hyde and Larkin.
DR. POPPER, ladies' practical physician for
37 years. 318 Kearny st; consultation free.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladies' physician. 1122 Mar-
ket St.. bet. Mason and Taylor; hours 9 to 5.
MRS. ALLEN, ladies' physician. 228 Van Ness
aye.. bet. Hayes and Grove; 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
MRS. DR. GWYER. ladies' physician. 510
/ Eddy St., bet Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. DR. DA VIES, ladies' physician. 122$
Market St.. bet. Taylor and Jones.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason- st.
MIKES AND MINING.
FIFTEEN hundred shares of stock for sale In
paying gold mine at $1 per share; will ad-
vance to $3 within six months; owner needing
money must sacrifice; purchaser may deal
with owner direct. W. F. ARAM, Mill's bldg.
W. F. ARAM, mining attorney, room 40, Sth
floor. Mills building, S. F. : tel. Main 844.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2-hand machinery! Mc>
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st. •
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store arid of-
fice furniture and fixtures: new and second-
band J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion st., above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st!
AN elegant crescent and star diamond' scarf-
pin, a beautiful present for a gentleman; only
$17 50, worth $10. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant.
FOR sale— Second-hand shaftings, pulleys!
hungers, 1 saw table, one Sturtevant blower.
ROBERTS', 1613 Market st.
$15— DOMESTIC sewing machine; good order;
complete. 1915 Mission st., near^Flfteenth.
8 HOISTING engines, 3 steamers, 5 locomotives,
110 cars and all machinery used on Eureka
Breakwater. J. B. JARDINE, 220 Fremont.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER.
MANN SAFE CO., 417-421 Sacramento st.
FRESH snowballs— "T. Carr" and all brands
English fire brick, fire clay, brick dust S R
CHURCH. 307 Sansome St.. tel. Main 5056. "
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants
i steamers, residences; portable safety boxes'
specie chests; bullion safes, vaults etc The
Waltz Safe Co., 109-111 Market st., S. F., Cal.
GASOLINE engines, all purposes; new and
second hand; carriage engines. DYNAMIC
ENGINE CO., 1309 Mission st., near Ninth.
A— s3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
SIX h.p. gasoline engine; also 15 h.p portable
boiler & engine. Krogh Mfg. Co., Stevenson st.
2D-HAND doors, lumber, sash, etc., - for sale
cheap; old houses bought, removd. 8 Valencia.
DO you know of tools or machinery for sale
EPSTEIN. 643 Mission, pays good commission.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. Mange Cure at all drug-
gists or at the Dog Hospital.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies
boilers and engines. H. S. White. 516 Mission!
PHOTOGRAPHIC apparatus: bargain list No
IS now ready for mailing. 109 Montgomery st!
BOILERS, engines, lathes, wood planers 12 and
24 In.; gas eng. 2d hand. J. Burke. 139'Beale.
DRESS pants, $2 75; fine suit, $10- MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery st.
CHEAPEST and best in Amtrica-The Weekly
Call. 16 Pases, sent to any- address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTs!
BAKERY and stationery wanted. Address ho*
409, Call Office: state price and rent? etc
WANTED-To Wr 2- 10 flTs^class scraper teams'
with harness and pead bar*; lone loh. v a
STONE, Elmhurst. S J *" B
A— Ladies'' or gents' clothing, furniture bought
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 1 Poison? st
OLD gold gold dust, plating ami sThrer"
bought. H. Landeeker A Co.. 118 Montgomery
MO KEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture. pianoX'wlthout 7£
rooval. or any other good security payable
back in Installments or as a whole : R you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire: avoid red tape and publicity; see us first:
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 68-69 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought- no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where.. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition; any amount; 6 per cent- first
second mortgages, estates in probate interest
in estates, legacies, life insurance; chattel
m T°a^ sts; confidential: advice free G E
OLSEN, room 16. first floor, Chronicle bldg.
A iioo?o^ « a3 2, : try 111I 11 others ' then see me;ssoto
$100,000; 6 per cent: Ist, 2d or chattel mort
?el, ea . tates , in probate undivided Interest, ,n
estates legacies and mortgages bought advice
, and money furnished. P. 1 Dolan, 636 MarkXMONEY TO LOAN.
LAW and Loan Co. i Capital $100,000; loan
money on any kind of security; prosecute or
defend lawsuits In all courts on contingent
f- % es; employ able counsel. Legal advice free
by mail or .- Bee, 214 Pine St., room 64.
LOANS en furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 102?. Mission St.. above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the low. rates. • Baldwin Jewelry-
Store, 546 Market it.; telephone Main 1644;
branch 19 Third st
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
planes; no removal: low rates: confidential.
BONELLI: Conservatory bldg.. 130 well st.
MONEY to loan: quick: all propositions: small
■or large. KLOTH, HO California St.. room 7.
LOANS on furniture, planes. Jewelry. stock: low
rates. J. H. EPSON. 1209 Broadway. Oakland.
A RELIABLE place to borrow money on dia-
monds. Jewelry. W. .1. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth.
CASH loaned to salaried p«op!e on note th-
out Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bid*.
$50 TO $: 0,000; lowest rate-- Ist and 2d mortgs. :
any preposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, planes, without removal; no |
ccmmlaslnn: rrlvate. LICK. 116 McAllister st. '
MONEY loaned salaried people on their not"*
without ii -lorser. TOURLEY. 592. Parrott big.
ll' ycur property I* mortgaged and you need I
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st. !
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
As w* are helling good upright pianos for $6 !
cash and JC per month, we a*k you to invest!- '
gate and approve this method; prices are the :
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $i and
$r per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and I
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASES.
26, 28 and SO O'Farrell -•.. pianos, organs and i
ail other .musical Instruments of all grades I
nnd prices; terms easy: prices lowest; every- |
thing -.tie dun-.- to please and satisfy the ;
customer.
A FEW GOOD BARGAINS.
Chlckerlng. Curtaz, Stelnway. Steck; condi-
tion good as new; easy payments. BENJ. i
CURTAZ & SON, Chlckerlng agents. 16-IS-20
O'Farrell st.
SMALL upright tor $100; Hemnic & Long. $175;
Gibson 8225; Decker & Pin. 8350; all bargains
at MAUVAIS'. 709 Market st.
YOU get good pianos at reasonable prices and '■
en easy terms at MAUVAIS', 759 Market st.
A FINE Hardman upright, ease slightly dam-
aged; a great bargain. THE J. DEWING
COMPANY, second floor. Flood building.
A FINE Stelnway upright; cheap for cash.
Room 12, Flood building. th and Market sts.
A— UPRIGHTS, $09 up; installments, $5 75 up;
rents, $2 or (allowed on sale). Heine. 136 Ellis.
W. G. BADGER, 4:2 Sucrarr.ento t.. agent for
Franols Bacon and Hallett _ Davis pianos.
A BARGAIN —Stelnway upright cheap.
SGHMITZ, 16 McAllister, next Hlbernia Rank.
GOOD piano in storage en sale cheap for cash.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market st.
A — JSS UPRIGHT piano In fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 215 McAllister st.
CHEAP Steinway upright; also the famous
Hornung Bros.' pianos. 216 McAllister st.
E< HMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 30S
Post st.
WANTED— 2 Square Pianos and 4 Cabinet Or-
gans. BYRON MAUZY. SOS Post st.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE, 30 Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, '..1 and new. H.
MILLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place. •
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
T'nlted States or Canada one year for $1,
pestnpe paid.
OFFICES AND STORES — TO LET.
FOR rent or for lease. 553 Howard St.. large
store nnd large concrete basement.
PALMISTRY.
MJie7~NEERGAARD. pupil of Count St. Ger-
main. 616 Geary St., above Jones; classes;
office hours. 1 to 8 p. m. : readlnc by •-■■•. 11.
PERSONALS.
LEDERER, the popular hiilrd.csser— Halrdress-
lng, 25c: shampoo. s"c: switches. $1 up: mani-
curing, 25c; bleaching roots of hair, 50c; long
hair, 7.-.C. O. LEDERER. 123 Stockton St.
LEDERER'S QUINTONICA cleanses the scalp.
softens and gives l.ne gloss to the hair; 3ic '
bottle. G. LEDERER. 12J Stockton st. _
A. KLEIN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools
and old gold; tend for him. 109 Sixth st.
MARRIAGE bureau; estab. 1887; reliable and
confidential; lists 10c. Mrs. Hertz, 706 Ellis.
A NEW method for the permanent removal of
superfluous hair without electric needle and
all kin is of disfigurement of the face, by the
well-known DR. POPPER. 31S Kearny st.
CHILDREN'S bent kangaroo school shoes, Ssc;
lads' stylish lace or button shoes, $1 25; men's
thocs. $1; send for price list. People's Shoe
Store, 1303 Stockton St., nr. Broadway.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., Laws a Specialty
San "ranclsco, Cal. j American and Foreign
Send for circular. ! Patents Solicited.
ASSORTMENT of imported and domestic rem-
nants for suits to cider, $10 75; pants, 83 75;
nothing higher. One-Price Tailoring Co., 1644
Market st . under St. Nicholas Hotel.
ELECTRIC lizhts in every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 '!'-..: St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
l.'c to JI 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free "bus and baguage to and from the ferry.
WORKS of art worth $100,000 on exhibition at
Taiace of Art. 1C Post st. Ladies with escorts
admitted from 8:80 p. m. to 11:30 p. m. E.
HAQUETTE.
FRINGES, braids, beads and Jewel* made to
order. ETTTNGER'S, 723 Market st.
ANTIQUE and curiosity shop; goods bought,
sold, exchanged. 525 Dupont -- nr. Cal.
MRP.L.J.WHEELOCK has removed La Verite
Parlors to 1140 Market; phone Folsom 446.
PAINTING and paper hanging: rooms papered.
$2 50 up. JENSEN & BATH, 808 Birth st.
INCRUSTATION— New invention for china dec-
orator*. See 8. R CHURCH, 307 Sansome st.
"BALL-BEARING" sewing machines; no fric-
tion. White Sewing Machine Co., 800 Post St.
MME. LOUISE'S manicure parlor has removed
frmi O'Farrell to 132 Eddy et.
MLLE. CLAIRE BERTRAND, manicure par-
lors, 23S Kearny st. first floor, rooms 1-8.
JAMES A. BORENSON, watchmaker and Jew-
eler, removed to 103 Sixth St., nee. Mission.
LACHMAN & CO.. mfrs. of fine furs and seal
garments; also remodeling. 104 K»-ary st.
RUPTURE, plies cured; examination free.
Drs. Mansfield A Porterfleld. 83? Market st.
HIRSUTINE Co.. hair specialists, grow hair
or no pay: book for stamp. 6 Eddy st.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
ing call on B. COHEN. 157 Third st.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no injec-
tion; ruarantd. Dr. Gordln. 614 Pine, ab. Krny.
SUITS to order on easy Installment*. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market st.. bet. 7th and Bth.
WANTED— OId gold for manufa'ng. O. Noite.
Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet Powell ft Mason.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent«-The Weekly Call.
16 patres. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
PARTNERS A TED.
LADY in business wishes a lady partner.
Box 773. call,
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
FINEST and fullest Btock; square deal and
prompt service; country orders our specialty;
catalogue free. Cal. Camera Co., 22 Geary st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
• DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence.
1021H Market st . bet Sixth and Seventh.
PROPERTY WANTED.
TO buy ( r rent chicken ranch In vicinity of
S. F. Address SCHMALZ. 220 Kearny st.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
A POOR MAN'S CHANCE .'.....7..
. ....» SELDOM COMES.
But I have it for him now.
If you are looking 'for a home you can have
the best little cottage with I rooms, bath and I
all modern Improvements, near the park, that i
you ever set your eyes upon for
ONLY $1375 ONLY $1375.
If you can't trust your own Judgment ask
some friend who does know what la the value
of this property.
H. MURPHY, 630 Market st.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First aye.. and yea wish to sell them,
call on W. J. OUNN. 410 Montgomery st.
$23.000— BUSINESS property; 23 furnished i
rooms: stores; good income. Owner box 210,
Cell office.
$3100— Rents 880; 2 Broadway bay-window 5 and '
4 room flats. Inquire 1128 Vallejo st.
CORNER house and lot: 26x80; also stable; re- '
duced to $1500. Owner 1439 Shotwell st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call
« pages, la wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year!
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY For Sale
RARE BARGAIN— 2OO-acre farm, 6 miles from
Sulsun; 66 acres bearing orchard; 45 acres
farming, and 100 acres pasture land; good
house, 8 room*, stable, etc.; fine water from
living springs; price $11,000; good until Octo-
ber 12 only. Call en or address E. DINKEL-
.-il':':L. Suisun, Cal., or room 804, Claus
Sp:*ckel* building, S. F.
TO lease— Contra Ccsta County, on San Pablo
Creek. 8 miles from Berkeley. 1150 acres; well
watered, wooded; 250 acre* good grain land;
balance excellent pasture; suitable milk or
stock ranch; railroad facilities. In person
R. E. ROWLAND, Crir.dc Park.
A BARGAIN— U. S. homestead; 80 acres; So-
noma County; well Improved; nice place for
home and poultry, stock ranch; good road to
place: creek through land; fenced; price $400.
(.'ail at 631 California St.. room 1.
IMPROVED. 20 acres, mostly peaches, full
bearing: 5 acres alfalfa; house, barn and I
other buildings; crop this year brought $S5O. |
T. A. BELL, rcom 612. Hearst building.
FOR SALE Chicken and duck ranch, near \
city; lease of ground, with privilege of buy-
ing same. Address O. IL, box 430, Call.
PIET Valley, 170 acres, making good home.
Address 3726 Twenty-third St.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUENA VISTA aye.. 449. near Golden Gate
Park— 4 elegantly furnished rooms; largo yard.
BUSH, 1203—3 room* furnished for housekeep-
ing; bath, gas, stove; with or without piano.
CHESTNUT. 293, corner Dupont— 2 or more fur-
nished rooms, complete for housekeeping, with
bath.
CLAY, 2421. In rear, near Fillmore— 2 unfur-
nished upper rooms; water; rent $7.
DORLAND st.. 33, off Guerrero, near Eight-
eenth 3 sunny furnished housekeeping rooms;
510. . .
_ ■ ]
EIGHTH, 348. near Market— 2 sunny double!
front parlors, with kitchen and bathroom;
furnished for housekeeping: private family.
EDDY. 917— Nicely furnished housekpg. rooms; I
splendid location; private res.; no children. !
ELEVENTH. 120—3 sunny rooms, furnished for
'keeping; best conveniences: $15. I
FIFTH, 3.'?— Furnished housekeeping; S con- i
necting: $13; also single, '" to $7.
GEARY, 384— Suite of sunny furnished front
rooms and kitchen: $22.
GEARY. 556— Nice sunny suites for housekeep-
ing: double and single rooms; phone.
HOWARD. lOCS— Nicely furnished rooms; com-
plete for housekeeping; running water; rent
reasonable. .
HOWARD. 1144— Nice sunny suites for house-
keeping; running water.
LARKIN, So4— Large sunny back room, fur-
nished, $6; sunny small room, $4; 2 for house-
keeping. $S 50.
MARKET, 1824— Front sunny suite; newly fur-
nished; rent $15.
MISSION, Sunny furnished rooms; com-
plete for housekeeping.
NINTH, 113— Sunny housekeeping rooms; cheap;
running water and bath.
SEVENTEENTH. 8568, near Guerrero— House-
keeping rooms for man and wife; no sign.
SIXTH, 314— Front bay window suit and kitch-
en; furnished for housekeeping.
SOUTH PARK. 184—2 sunny front rooms, nicely
furnished for housekeeping; very convenient.
TURK, 1717— A part of nice floor, parlor, bed-
room, kitchen, connecting; porcelain bath;
tiled sink; very cozy; suitable for man and
wife, HT.
VAN NESS aye., 400— Complete for housekeep-
ing, 8 large corner rooms: sun all day; sta-
tionary' tubs; fine yard.
VAN NESS. 1021— Finely furnished sunny
suites for housekeeping; also single rooms.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
ROOMS TO LET Fnrn. and 1 iiim-ii.
A BRI NSWICK HOUSE" ~l43~Slxth-Rooms,
25c to $1 per night: $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath: rooms 5Cc to $1 SO day. MRS. 3. KING.
AT 52 Second St.. double rooms for week. $150
to $:l; single, $1 to $1 50: day, 2:.c to 30c.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 13641— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single: also unfurnished.
CARROLTON, 1906 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner; Well furn. rm*. & offices.
CLARA. 106, near Fifth— 2 furnished rooms; $6;
also 3 unfurnished rooms.
CORNER alcove room; overlooking Jefferson
Square: sun all day; reference. 836 Turk st.
EDDY. 123 (United States Hotel)— Clean, neat
rooms; $1 60 week up; elevator day and night.
EIGHTH. 227— Neatly furnished sunny front
room for two.
ELLIS, 321 (Rosedaie House)— Nice rooms, 25c
i- night, $1 a week up; reading room.
FELL, 118— Sunny bay-window room, $10; sin-
gle. $5; tide room, $8.
PULTON. 121H— sunny front rooms; range;
water; large yard; rent $16.
GEARY. Handsomely furnished suite; also
single rooms; reasonable; transient.
GEARY, 406 (The Navarre)— Comfortable furn.
rooms; travelers accommodated. MRS. HYER.
GRAND SOUTHERN— Southeast cor. Seventh
and Mission sts —Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladies' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 60 to $6 per week.
HOWARD, 715—200 sunny rooms; nicely fur-
nished; every convenience; electric lights.
HUGHES HOUSE. 214 Third— Newly renovated;
25c to 50c per night; $1 50 to $3 per week.
LARKIN, 621— Sunny rooms, nicely furnished;
gas and bath; rent moderate.
LARKIN. 1310— Well-furnished front and back
parlor suite, or single, very reasonable to
refined, responsible gentlemen; neat Amer-
ican family.
MCALLISTER, Nicely furnished room* to
let; rent reasonable.
MA I.LISTER, 702%— Sunny furnished or un-
furnished rooms; suite or single; private fam.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay- window room; $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 1261 A— Nicely furnished room for
couple: private family; new building; mod-
ern conveniences.
NATOMA, ECS— Sunny rooms, with or without
housekeeping.
"NEWPORT," 21 Franklin, nr. Market— Large
bay-win. rms. and single, $5 up: also h^kpg.
NICELY furnished front room; suitable for
two gentlemen. 211% Tehama st. ; upstairs.
OAK, 385— Nicely furnished sunny room; private
family; gas, bath: -cheap.
O'FARRELL. 637— Large room, suitable for 1
or 2 gentlemen; private family.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth at.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH. 19— Nicely furnished room*; sunny;
suits or single; $5 and $6.
THE Oaks, 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
THIRD, 303— Housekeeping rooms, tl per week;
also single rooms for men.
VAN NESS. 101. cor. Fell— sunny bay-window
rooms; suitable for doctor.
VAN NESS. 904— Elegant sunny alcove and
other room; quiet, central and private..
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents—The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing $1 per year
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES. !
$2 MONTHLY, ranted: repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45. j
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re- i
pairing at lowest rates 205 Fourth at. j
SPECIAL NOTICES.
SACRIFICED— 4 elegant new house* In course )
of construction on 23d st., bet. Grove and ;
West; all modern Improvements: street work, I
sidewalks done; small payment down; balance I
monthly If desired; houses open for Inspection
10 to 4 Sundays, J. H. SIMPSON. 515 20th.
PILES— PETER FREILING'S pile salve. $1 per
box: warranted to cure all cases of bleeding.
itching, external, internal or protruding
piles without fall, no matter of how long
standing. 1628 Devlsadero St., near Sutter.
ROOMS papered from 83; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
NICE private home In confinement; most rea-
sonable price in city. Mr*. M. Pfeirfer. mid-
wife. 2012 Folsom. nr. 16th; phone Whit* 1344.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5520.
CHEAPEST and best In {America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent tq any address In the
■ felted States postpaid, for $1 per year.
■ ' -■ ■
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 101 Post, cor. Powell; tel. Main 6713.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1899.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
. ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
GRAND real estate auction sale of several
choice houses and lots; also chicken ranch;
Alameda. Oakland and Elmhurst; sale Sat-
urday. Oct. 21. at 2 p. m. Do not fall to
attend this sale, as most of the places are
to be sold by order of the court. Particulars
In next week's papers. Send for illustrated
catalogue. Sale at J. A. MUNRO A CO., Auc-
tion House, 1517 and 1619 Park st. . Alameda.
$400— PLAIN cottage of 4 rooms; lot 30x70: $2000.
Now cottage of 6 rooms fto order); lot 34x105;
first-class bargain. J. H. YOUNG, builder,
1243 Park st. '
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND HOARD.
HOME for ladles in delicate health: large
grounds: private. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
A NEW map of beautiful Berkeley, showing
the proposed extension of the university
grounds, can be hud by sending a 2c stamp to
JOSEPH J. MASON, Real Estate, adjoining
P. P.. Berkeley.
LIVE under your own vine and fig tree; a
lovely home of 7 rooms; all modern improve-
ments; near to care and university, lot £0x135.
JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate, adjoining P.
0.. Berkeley.
SPECIAL BERKELEY BARGAINS.
360— Cheapest lot In Berkeley: 40x122:6: near
Ashty st.it! street work done.
$1300— You can't equal this bargain anywhere;
5-room modern cottage: bath; 2 bay windows;
high basement; barn, etc.; lot 40x120: near to
station, cars, schools and churches; $150 cash;
balance like rent; rare chance.
$1400— Modern cottage: 5 large sunny rooms;
bath, closets, etc.: corner lot; 60x112; between
two car lines and near station; very easy terms.
$800— Cheapest lot In central Berkeley: east
of drove and north of Dwlght way; 50x135;
street work done; easy terms; will build to suit.
H. D. IRWIN. Lorin Station.
OPEN SUNDAYS.
FOR SALE— new 7-room house; bath,
pantry, folding doors, bay window, chicken
yard, stable; all fenced: large lot; close to
station, street cars, schools and churches;
price $1250: only $P' 1 0 cash, balance $12 50 per
month: take Berkeley train, get off at Lorln
station and ask for RUDOLPH _ PERKINS.
Office open Sundays and evenings.
FINE level lot handy to trains, schools, etc.,
for sale cheap en easy terms by O. G. MAY
& CO.. Berkeley, sole agents for Shattuck
Tract.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
Luited States, postpaid, for '1 per year.
BERKELEY HOUSES TO LET.
FOR rent. In desirable location, house of nine
rooms, bath, laundry and storeroom, with
stable, chicken-house and large yard: con-
venient to trains and university grounds. Ap-
ply to J R. LITTLE, Berkeley station.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL jTATEI.
SALE or exchange — Modern 2-story house, Just
built; 8 rooms, two more added if desired;
will be finished to suit buyer or sold as it is
at a great sacrifice; former owner could not
complete house: on Frultvale aye.; delight-
ful neighborhood; street work well done:
electric cars pass the door; city water and
sewer; school close by: price $2000; will make
terms to suit: call 455 Seventh st.. near cor-
ner Broadway, Oakland. H. Z. JONES,
owner.
OAKLAND -AWVERTISEMENT&,
OFFICE— 9O3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$1700— A GENUINE snap: located in Al neigh-
borhood, close to schools and electric cars; 7-
room bouse; lot 40x125; here's a chance to
buy a home that cost $2500; investigate it. J.
S. MYERS. 1001 Broadway, Oakland.
$3100— "$500 LESS than cost to build." for a
brand-new house, 6 rooms, bath, fine base-
ment: 5 minutes to local trains: excellent lo-
cation: all conveniences that skill could ar-
tistically arrange for comfort; to see it Is to
buy. J. S. MYERS. 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$1450— 5450 CASH; balance $14 per month: s-
room -house; 6 minutes' walk to local. WM.
P. TODD. 1970 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES T4» LET.
HANDSOME residence, 9 rooms, bath, barn; 559
24th. Inquire R. Franke. 1622 Grove; rent low.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
LARGE room and kitchen; furnished; large
garden and chicken yard; $6. J. DALSON,
Frultvale.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 2 (25c per
share) of the KILAUEA SUGAR PLANTA-
TION COMPANY, will be payable at the
office of the company, . 227 Market st., on
and after MONDAY, October 16 109. Trans-
fer books win close on TUESDAY, October
10, 1899, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 8 fttfl per
share) of the PAAUHAU SUGAR PLANTA-
TION COMPANY, will be payable at the of-
fice of the company, 327 Market st., on and
after TUESDAY, October 10, 1899. Transfer
books will close on SATURDAY, October 7.
1899, at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
i ' .
OFFICE of Sierra Railway Company of Cali-
fornia, room 220, Crocker building, San Fran-
cisco, Cal., October 6, IS99 — Coupon due Oc-
tober 12, 1899, from first Mortgage six (6)
per cent bonds of Sierra Railway Company of
California will be paid at the fiscal agency
of this company, the Crocker-Woolworth Na-
tional Bank, on and after that date.
S. D. FRESHMAN, Treasurer.
PROPOSALS.
OFFICE of Commissary Quartermaster, Van-
couver Barracks, Washington, Oct. 7. 1899.—
Sealed proposals In duplicate will be received
and filed at the depot quartermaster's of-
fice, Phelan building, San Francisco. Cal.,
by 11 o'clock a. m.. October 12, 1899, for fur-
nishing 600,000 pounds of good merchantable
oats: contract subject to increase or decrease
of 20 per cent; delivery to be made within
twenty days after • award at Portland,
Oregon. United States reserves right to re-
ject or accept any or all proposals or any
part thereof. Envelopes containing proposals
should be marked "Proposals for forage," and
addressed to undersigned. J. W. JACOBS.
Chief Quartermaster.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
CUSTOM House, San Francisco, Cal.,
Oct. 2. 1899. Notice— Certain good* remain-
ing in Bonded Warehouse one year will be
sold at public auction at the United State*
Appraisers' Store on the 'oth of October,
1869, at 11 o'clock a. m.
Descriptive catalogues can be had at the
Custom House on October 19, 1890. or at time
and place of sale.
J. P. JACKSON. Collector .
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BERTSCH— In this city, October 8, 1899, to the
wife of William H. Bertsch, a daughter.
PFEFFER— In this city, September 28, 1899, to
the wife of Charles A. Pfeffer, a son. #
THOMAS— In this oity, October 5. 1899, to the
wife of William .1. Thomas, a daughter.
THING— this city, October 7, 1899, to the
wife of Albert E. Thing, a daughter.
MARRIED.
GOLDSTEIN— In this city. October 1.
1899, by Rabbi Isidore Myers, Aaron Goldstein
and Rose Isaacs, both of San Francisco.
_____
died"
Besazza, Frank J. Houghton, Charles A.
Campana. Rosa . .Horlock. Ellen E. .
Cowlg, Martha J. Hard wick, Mrs Lois
Crowley, Emmett C. Jurgens, Carolina
Curran, Annie C. garet ■
Ford, Mary * Lloyd. Cecil M.
Ferguson. Catherine Nielsen, Mollle
Gibson, Mary M. Pratt, Sarnh
Garmerston, Mar- Sweet, Solomon
Hansen, Christine D. Wilson, Maggie
Warren, W. W.
BESAZKA— In this city. October 7, 1899, Frank
Joseph, beloved husband of Mary Besazza,
and father of Madeline, Katie, Frankle, Ma-
mie and Ida Besazza, a native of Austria,
aged 49 years 5 months and 20 days. .
C"Friends and acquaintances' are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, ; from hi* late resi-
dence, 728 Vallejo street, between Powell and
Stockton, thence to Sts. Peter and Paul's
Church, corner of Filbert and Dupont streets,
where services will be held, commencing at t
' 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery,
by carriage. .v; -V. : ■
FRATERNAL Order of Eagles— Members are
notified to attend the funeral 'of Brother
Frank Besazza, 728 Vallejo street, to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock. -
C. A. REYNOLDS, Pres.
CAMPANA— In this city, October 7. 1899, Rosa
Campana (nee Besozzl), beloved wife of Eu-
gene Campana, mother of Angelia. Maria,
Colombo and Camelia Camiiano, sister of
Maria Ghlelmet, Lulgia Bruscheria and Mary,
Angelo, Cesarl. Lulgl, Giovanni. Carlo and
Enrico Besozzt, and sister-in-law of Angela
. and Anita Besozzl, a native of Italy, aged 43
years.
rrjrFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), nt 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J- S. Gcdeau. 305 Montgomery avenue,
thence to Sts. Peter and Paul's Italian
Church, here a requiem high mass will bo
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:45 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery-
COWIG— this city. October 6. 1899, Martha
Josephine, beloved daughter of Mary and the
late John Cowlg, and sister of Mary. Annie,
Katie, Margaret and the late John Cowlg, a
native of San Francisco. (Boston papers
please copy. )
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her mother. 614 Jessie street, oft
Seventh, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul at 9 o'clock. " Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CROWLEY- In this city, October 8, 1899. Em-
mett C. beloved son of Kate and the late
Cornelius Crowley, and brother of Kate,
George, Henry, Arthur and Clarence Crow-
ley and the late John F. and Frank T. Crow-
ley, a native of San Francisco, aged 20 years
and 7 months.
CURRAN— In this city, October 8. 1899. Annie
C, daughter of F. H. and Annie Curran. and
niece of Henry and John Fenger, a native of
San Francisco, aged 1 year 11 months and 8
days.
ri'T'Frlends and * acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence, 54
Harriet street, thence to St. Patrick's Church.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery by 3:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.
FORD— In this city, October 6, 1599, Mary, be-
loved wife of the late Anthony Ford, beloved
mother of Michael, James, Edward, Thomas,
Henry and the late Willie Ford, a native of
County Sligo, Ireland, aged 60 years. (Bos-
ton and Chelsea, Mass., papers please copy.)
- Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 767 o'Fe-titell street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
FERGUSON— In this city, October 7, 1899, at
St. Mary's Hospital, Catherine Ferguson, a
native of Ireland, aged 40 years.
GIBSON— In this city. October 8. 1899, Mary
Margaret, youngest daughter of James C.
Gibson, and sister of Anna E. Gibson, a na-
tive of Weaverville. Cal.
ETFrlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Tuesday), at 9:30
o'clock, from 8819 California street, between
Devlsadero and Broderlck, thence to St. Dom-
inic's Church, corner of Rush and Stelner
streets, where a solemn requiem mass will be
held for the repose of her soul, commencing
at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. Please omit flowers. • i -V
GARMERSTON— this city. October 8. 1899,
Margaret Garmerston, a native of County
Galway, Ireland, aged 58 years.
HANSEN— In" East "Oakland. October 6, 1899,
Christine Dorothea Hansen (nee Dunker). be-
loved wife of Theodor Hansen, and dearly be-
loved mother of Theodor. Christian. Samuel
and Amandus Dunker Hansen, a native of
Fuchsberg by Husum. Schleswig-Holsteln,
Germany, aged 73 years 2 months and 14 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 11:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. Thirteenth avenue and Twenty-fourth
street. East Oakland, thence to St. Markus
Church, San Francisco. O'Farrell street, be-
tween Franklin and Gough, .where funeral
services will be held at 2 o'clock. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
HOUGHTON— In this city. October 8, 1899,
Charles Alvin. beloved husband of the late
Amanda Houghton, a native of Massachu-
■ setts, aged SO years.
(CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
HORLOCK— In this city. October 8, 1899, at St.
Mary's Hospital, Ellen Elizabeth, beloved
wife of Arthur Horlock, and daughter of F.
M and E. D. Powell, a native of Lake
County. Cal.. aged 26 years 4 months and 14
days.
HARDWJCK— In Oakland. October 7, 1899, Mrs.
Lois F. Hardwlck, mother of lsibell and F.
11 Hardwlck. a native of Rraintree, Mass.,
aged 72 years and 20 days. (Boston papers
[.lease copy.)
JURGENS— In this city. October 8, 1899, Caro-
lina dearly beloved wife of R. D. Jurgens,
mother of Mrs. Henry Hartje, Richard Jr.
and Lena Jurgens, daughter of Henry and the
late Dora Howekamp, and Bister of Mrs. F.
Boese. Mrs. W. H. Tegeler. Mrs. H. Luhrlng
and the late Henry* and Fred Howekamp, a
native of Hanover, Germany, aged 52 years 10
months and ■ 10 days. .... ... : ..
LLOYD— this city. October 7, 1899, at St
Mary's Hospital, Cecil May, beloved wife of
John T. Lloyd, daughter of J. T. and Mary
Hill, and sister of Maggie. Harry. Rollle and
Frank Hill, a native of West Virginia, aged
17 years and 9 months. >| i
NIELSEN— In Sunol, October 8, 1899. Mollle
Nielsen, beloved wife of Captain a. Nielsen,
mother of Laura, Albertlne, Genevere and
Albert Nielsen, and sister of Mrs. J. A.
Ib sia. Mrs. D F. Mulvllle and Mrs. C. T.
Conlan, a native of San Francisco, aged 37
years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:15 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. P. Petersen & Co., 828 McAllister street,
thence to si. Brlgti is Churcn, corner of Van
Ness avenue and Broadway, where a requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
PRATT— In this city. October 8. 1899. Sarah.
sister of M. D. and J. A. Pratt, a native of
Prince Edwards Island, aged 35 years.
(CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday) morning, from the Catholic church,
Napa, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul. Remains at
the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mis-
sion street.
SWEET— Solomon Sweet, beloved husband of
Annie E. Sweet, and father of Albert, Es-
telle. Bertha, Mabel and Adolph Sweet, Mrs.
Paul Bettelheim and Mrs. V. R. Ulman, aged
72 years.-
(TT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1:18 o'clock, from the family
residence. 2230 Pacific avenue, under the aus-
pices of Pacific Lodge No. 136. F. and a. M.
Interment Home of Peace Cemetery by special
train at 3 o'clock, from Third and Townsend
streets. Members of Pacific Lodge No. 136,
F. and A. M . are requested to attend.
WILSON— In this city. October 6, 1899, Maggie,
beloved wife of Joseph Wilson, mother of
Eddie Wilson, daughter of Andrew and the
late Maggie Carl, and sister of William Carl,
Mrs. J. C. Kenny and Andrew, May, Fred-
die and Jessie Carl, a native of San Fran-
cisco. ■
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, between
Seventh and Eighth. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
WARREN— In San Leandro, October 8, 1899, W.
W. Warren, a native of Vermont, aged 74
years 11 months and 8 days.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher)
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
80 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
N. F. Dethlefsen. Chas. H. Jacob.
CHAS. H. JACOB & CO..
Funeral Directors and Embalmers, Sl3
Mason street, bet. Geary and O'Farrell
streets. Telephone Main 6213.
McrtUOV Co"'""'"l
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS. I
1235 Market St., between Sth and 9th. J
Telephone South 247. |
— iiw"'» '■■■ i ■MmonaniMiM
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL,
H W Magnln, Seattle D H Clark. England
A H Schrceter. U S AiG H Monroe & w Cal
J F Bishop, USA | J a Raths A w, Cal
M A Hill, Bishop IT M Swasey, Redding
Miss Johnston, Carson j W M Dean Redding
F L Martin, Sacto IE a Whirhard, Alska
IV L Waller, Sacto J Tehard &w. Sacto
U V Brown, Cp Nome Mis* M Schaw, Saeto
P Delegere, Cp Nome .Mrs O R Pomeroy.Sac
A W Roland, C Nome O Arens, Colusa
W T Lynch, Cp Nome I E Bonnett, w A dr, ;
W Page, Cape Nome Fresno
J H Giles, Cape Nome P Musto & w Btocktn
B C McClure, Cal O G Emery, Fa
Mies A McClure, Cal G M Hannley Ore
Mis, N McClure Cal Mrs Schnlchtenburg. i
M A Kreuger. NY Manila
A H Joy, Sacto M M Hartley; Manila
M F Dlller. Pt Costa S. N Laugh] In. Mos* L
J H Seylett. U S N HE MeKlnney, Cal
IV H Murphy. P Alto A C Harper, Los An
JV C McKenny. Cal C R Baxter, Grd Rpds
M Robinson, VcavilleC D Stevens, Cal
B O Wheeler, Brkly J C Mefford. Cal
WR Bacon, Berkeley M Preston, Nev Cty !
W C Morrow, Stanfrd.C W Lyon, Angela
F M Reed A f, Dutch C H Wallace Cal
Harbor M H Ebel. Sacto
AD Miller, Alaska J F Edwards, Los An
F Shaw, Alaska R G Slghtowcr, Cal
C F Donnatln. Alaska O Robinson &- w, Cal I
T Farrell. Alaska J Simpson. Tehama
W M Wyatt. Alaska R W Skinner, c a l
DC Mitchell, Chicago J C Mogk, Colusa
C O Arret. Chicago J L Erlsey. Colusa
G A Abbott, Chicago G M Westcott Cncord
J R Marks. Chicago C W. Kellogg, Concord
Dr A \l Sugglll A w, iN Blackstock, Vntura
Marysvllle _ I J C Pottle. Sanger
Miss NO" Nell. NY HR. Robin, Los Ang
Miss R Allen,. NY O 8 Henderson. Stktn |
McKee Rankin, N YjR Lausen. Stockton -
W Stewart, England I |
PALACE HOTEL.
G H Luce. Los Ang L D Rlcketts, Arizona
J Knox. NY I J L Huzog. N V
H A Green, S Diego Mrs Spear, N V
Dr Casey &w, Sacto Miss Spear, N V
G N Cash, Irvington F M Pcrle, Sacto
H P Beckley, Stanfrd G B Cramer, N V
C B Kaufman, Menlo Mrs J Phillips, Vallejo
0 P Jenkins, Stanford 'J M Minton, N V
A W Brown, NY IE Hayden. U S N
P X Pulslfer, Chicago |A F Lowenthal, N V
F Floyd, Chicago J 'G Hoeflich, Ohio
i: C Mix. N V !W Stewart, England
D Macartney, Mexico !G Lavagntno, S Lake
Mrs J H Ranger. N Y*J W Walters, L Ang
Mrs C W Murphy, N V Baron de Batz. Paris
L F Ireland. >." V C E Ely. St Louis
T M Love, USA B Hirschfleld, N V
1 S Phillips. U S N M Rosenthal, N V
X M Pike, Dawson A H Fleming, Pasadna
H Morrill, U S N Mrs Fleming, Pasadna
A H Robertson. U S N J N Radke, S Cruz
W T Solomon. NY i H J Taylor, Ohio
H C Kessler, USA •
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
H Williams. Los Ang ,E Riley, San Jose
J. Bell, Ferndale I W Stlne. Chicago
J A King, Ashland IB J Fields, Montana
J F Mulroy, Oregon • IH W Phillips, Kansas
C G North, Portland C Phillips, Kansas
5 Dunnigan, Riverside H Umb, Omaha
I McMurray, Trinity \V A Hem pel. Escolon
A W Bowman, Oakdal J H Johnson, Mo
M Heenan. Nllee ,T Quinn, Indiana
F Smith, Sonora I A A Bockling. Ind
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 8, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were J
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 58 Han Diego 92
Fresno 90 Sacramento 94
Los Angeles 100 j Independence 80
Red Bluff 91 Yuma 86
San Luis Obispo.... 96|
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
94; minimum, 66; mean, 75.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Unusual weather conditions prevail over Cali
fornia to-night. A temperature of SO degrees
Is reported at San Francisco, with a maximum
of 93.9. Maximum temperatures exceeding 90
degrees, and in some Instances reaching 100.
are reported. From San Diego to San Fran
cisco there has been a rise of 10 to 18 degrees.
An area of high pressure has appeared sud
denly along the coast from Eureka to Neah, j
displacing the storm central oft the Washing
ton coast last night.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Eureka, 30 miles per hour from the
northwest; Spokane, 28 west: Pocatelio, 36
west; Yuma, 28 northwest; Red Bluff, 30 from
the north. A moderate norther Is blowing in
the Sacramento Valley.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight October 9. 1898:
For Northern California— Monday,
with conditions favorable for showers Monday
night; northerly winds in the valleys; south
westerly winds on the coast; cooler.
For Southern California— Cloudy Monday;
cooler Monday night; northerly, changing to
southwesterly winds.
For Nevada— Monday, with showers;
cooler in northern portion.
For Cloudy Monday; probably showers
Monday night.
For Arizona— Fair Monday.
For San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Mon
day: cooler; possibly showers at night; fresh
westerly winds.
ALEXANDER C. McADIE. I
Forecast Official. '
THE CALL CALENDAR
i
♦ ♦
Sun, Moon and Tide.
• — *
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and lew waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
NOTE— In the übove exposition of the tides j
the early morning tides are given In the left I
hand column and the successive tides of the \
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
'he day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign ( — ) precedes the height,
and then th* number given la subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
*> ■ — •>
Steamer Movements.
«■ __ ♦
TO SAIL.
,p. — 4
Shipping Intelligence.
4 ; ♦
ARRIVED.
Sunday, October 8.
Stmr Alice Blanchard. Hall, 60 hours from
Coos Bay. _
Stmr Bonlta. Buchard, 64 hours from San
Pedro and way porta .
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth, 31 hours from
Crescent City.
Stmr Fulton, Levlnson, 46 houra from San
Pedro. _
Stmr Mackinaw, Littlefield, 88 hours fm Ta
enia. •
Stmr San Jose. McLean, 18 days 13 hours fm
Panama and way ports.
Stmr Navarro,- Hlgglns. 19 hours from Rock
port. _
Stmr Willamette, Hansen, 79 hours from De
parture Bay. '.-■'■■--_
Schr Emma Utter, Allen, 6 days from Grays
Harbor. .' . - ' ■' '
■ Schr Mary E Russ, Wlkender, 5 days from
3ray3 Harbor. , „
Schr Sacramento, Gruggel, 9 days frm Frank
port . _ ■
Schr Corinthian. Korth, 24 hours fm Bowens
Landing. _
Schr Mary C, Medsen, 10 hours from . Fort
Ross.
Schr Manila. Trcancr, 37 days from Hakodate.
Schr Mary Sachs. Dixon. 34 days from Cape
Some, via Dutch Harbor 21 days.
Schr Lllv. Bottger, 5 days from Umpqua.
Schr Bonanza, Smith, 32 days from Point
Hope.. '•■'■
Schr Roy Somers, Solland, 6 days from Grays
Harbor. '•..•'
Schr Beulah, Mitchell, 5 - days from Grays
Harbor.' ■ -
Schr C T Hill, Erlckson, 6 days from Grays
Harbor.
SAILED.
• ■-• ..■>' Sunday, October 8.
Stmr Scotia, Jacobs.
Stmr Samoa,- Jahnsen, Eureka,
Stmr Weeott, Ellis, Eureka.
Stmr Rival, Johnson. Usal.
Stmr Walla Walla, Hall, Victoria and Puget
Sound ports. , '
Lightship No. 70, U S stmr Lowell, lightship
anchorage.
Ship Geo Curtis, Calhoun, Honolulu.
Ship America. Harding. Seattle.
Bark Ferris S Thompson, Murk.
Bark S C Allen, Johnson, Honolulu.
Bark B P Cheney. Johnson, Tacoma,
Schr American Girl. Roos, Port Gamble.
Schr Joseph Russ, Tererson, Oiympia.
Schr Archie and Fontle, Jansen, Stewarts
Point.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Oct 8, 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind S; velocity S miles
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Oct 8-Schr
C S Holmes, from Honolulu; brig Geneva, frm
Kahulul.
VENTURA— Arrived Oct B— Stmr Geo Loomls,
hence Oct 7, and sailed for San Francisco.
ASTORIA- Arrived Oct Schr Melancthon,
hence Sept 24.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Oct B— Stmr Noyo, for
San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct B— Stmr North Fork,
hence Oct 6.
Sailed Oct B— Schr Alice, for San Pedro; stmr
Pomona, for San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO— Oct S— Per bark Japan.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Oct S-Schr Meteor,
from Tacoma.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Oct B— Bktn
John Smith, from Kahulul.
FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived previous to Oct 6— Str
"Nippon Maru, from San Francisco for Hong
kong.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct B— Stmr Statten- ]
dam. from Amsterdam and Boulogne.
HAVRE— Arrived Oct B— Stmr La Touraine, |
from New York.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Oct S— Stmr Lucania.
from Liverpool for New York. j
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
(k^ Steamers leave Broadway
rakj. wharf, San Francisco.
'Hb!sS**sl. For Alaskan porta, 10 a.m.,
fflpOHsk Oct. 3. 8, 13. IS, 23, 28; Nov.
' E%. w-vSl§Sa 2 > change at Seattle.
, p&A&Js w?\M For Victoria, Vancouver
Ks:^s<^r^i» (B. C.).. Port Townsend, Se-
/'^^Hj^H attle, Tacoma. Everett, Ana-
cortes and New Whatcom
""* (Wash.). 10 a. m.. Oct. 3, S.
13, IS, 23, 2S; Nov. 2, and
every fifth day thereafter: change at Seattle
to this company's steamers for Alaska and
G N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry. ,„,„ ,-.„,
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m.. Oct.
6, 11. 16. 21. 26, 31; Nov. 6 and every fifth
day thereafter. „ _;
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
Gaviota. Santa Barhara. Ventura. Hueneme.
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m.. Oct. 3. 7. 11. 15. 19 .23. 2.. 31,
Nov 4. and every fourth day thereafter.
' For San Diego, stopping only nt Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m. Oct 5, 9, 13. 17. 21. 25. 29; Nov. 2. and every
fourth day thereafter. .
Fur Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Joss del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Par. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. /th of each
month. .. , ._,*_.
For further information obtain a folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of Milliner.
TICKET OFFICE— New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Agfa..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
Prom Pr^ar-stree* Wharf nt i" a. m.
CROC $12 First Class Including Berth
rASIt RS Second Class C.nd Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails.... Oct. 5, 15. 25
COLUMBIA sails ......Oct. 10. 20. 30
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
£30 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS * g^^
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON. PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
Ft Paul Oct. IS St. Paul Nov. 8'
New York Oct. 25 New York Nov. 15
St. Louis Nov. I St. Louis Nov. 22
RED STAR LINE.
New York end AntwerD.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Westernland ...Oct ISlFriesland Nov. 8
Kensington ....Oct. 25 J Southwark Nov. 15
Nordland Nov. ll Westernland ...Nov. 22
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery st. or any of its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAMA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
AMERICA-MART! Saturday. October 14
HONGKONG-MARU.. Wednesday, November 1
NIPPON-MARU.. Saturday. November 25
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight nnd passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
PfßMMafl Ttle s - s - Australia
BTZlPgaa, p ails lV ' Honolulu
*£l»*Kie*» Wednesday. October
fej "* ' IS. at 2 p. •m.
/a^/^l" A S. S. Moana sails
JMtTlMlinJ v 'a Honolulu and
CylWJlllJllll/^ Auckland for Sydney
rofilßfllMrK Wednesday, Nov. 1,
v«->. ii*,., *•' nt 10 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa, New Zealand, Australia, India, Suez, ;
England, etc.; $010 first class.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. 114 Montpomerj
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office.32? Market St j
— ■ ~" i
COMPAONIE QENEBALE TRANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. j
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. -C2..ff^i> I
from Pier 42, North River, foot of -^Svt?
Morton st. LA NORMANDIE, Oct. 7; LA
CHAMPAGNE. Oct. 14; LA OASCOGNE, Oct. 1
21; LA MRETAGNE. Oct. 2S: LA TOURAINE.
Nov. 4. First-class to Havre, $60 and up-
ward; 5 per cent reduction on round trip. Sec-
ond-class to Havre. $45: 10 per cent reduction
on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA, 32 Broad-
way (Hudson building). New York. J. F. FU-
GAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Mont-
eofficry nv*.. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
v.- .. Steamer "Monticello.**
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45 !
a. m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. ' Thurs. night), Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and S:30; Sunday*. 10:30 a. m., 3 I
p. in. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock, I
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE 50c j
~r~ . — — ' ... !
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry. .
Commencing October 1, ISS9.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY I
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— •7:OO, '9:30, 11:00 a. m.; *ltf I
•3:40. 6:15, 600. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mil! Valley and San a . !
fael, on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays
at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •10:00. *11:30 a. m.; »1:15 I
3:15, *4:45. 8:30, 9:00 p. m. '
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FKANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. '6:35. 7:45, »9:40 a. m
•12:30. 2:15. •3:40, *5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— '8:00, '10:00, «11:45 a. m.- '
•1:40, *3:15. 4:45, '6:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO '
WEEK DAYS— S:4S, C:45, 7:55, 9:45 a. m'•
12:23. 2:35. 3:45, 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OS, 10:03 a. m.; 12:05, 2:15, 8:30
6:00, 6:45 p. ni. '
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way stations.
8:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and —ay stations'. ■
8:00 a. m. Sundays— and way stations.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY |
Leave San Francisco via Sausalito Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY. October 1, 1399.
WEEK DAYS— 9:3O a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:00 a. m. and 1:15 p. m.
Fare S. F. to Summit and Return, $1 40.
THOS. COOK & SON. Agts., 621 Market st. j
/^^k Br; Gibbon's Dispensary,
m»*sK^!\o2ss4;EAUaiY>»T. Established
3>il aBB 1 " ,B *'* for the treatment of Private
tl-iJI-Jwur '''""""* Lost Manhood. Debility or .
' :^£sS3jb disease wearing on bo<i yatirt mm da: d
i^KßnßaßSkin Diseases. Thedoctoreureswheii
tJ»JßfflßE^Sffl| others fall: Try him Charges low
! c 'lllHuK Kiiaranlt-cd. Call orwrite.
Dr. J. *'. UXBBON. Box l»s7.San Francisco. I
AUCTION SALES
REGULAR WEEKLY AUCTION SALE.
gPfe om^ fei
TUESDAY AT 11 O'CLOCK AT THE
ORMONDE SALE STABLES,
1517-1519 MISSION STREET.
BETWEEN ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH.
Of choice, sound, well-broke young horses
Just from the country. We will be pleased to
hitch and show the above stock in harness any
time up to day of sale.
S. W'ATKINS & CO., Auctioneers.
N. B.— Sales of horses direct from the country
every Tuesday at 11 a. m.
—
RAILROAD TRAVEIa.
koi:tiii;r\ I'AtlFH' t'OMPAST.
|1' M 1 I |. * EM.)
Trains leave »n<l <>■-<• •!■■« to iiniio nt
SAN IKAMIMO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
leave — Frtovi October 2. 1899. — ARaiva
S7:oo\ Benicia, Suisun and Sacramento.... *5:43p
•«:0«»a Marysville, OroTille and Redding via
Woodland »5:4.1p
•7:OOa Fluilra, Vacaville and Rumsey »S:sop
•7:^<>a Martinez, San Hamon, Vallejo, Napa,
Caliatoca and Santa Rosa •fislflp
•»:«>Oa Atlantic Express, Oplen anil Mast.. f»slsA
•»:il<»A ,S»n .lose. Liverruore, .Stockton,
lone, Sacramento, Plac*rville,
Marysville, Chieo, Red Bluff »4«15p
•S:»Oa ■Milton, Oakdaleand Minora •i:ir»p
•!»:OOa Hnywards, Nil. a and Way Stations. '1 1:43*.
•OM)Oa Martinez, Tracy, Latbrop, Stockton,
Merced end Freano »12:15p
•J»iOOa Fresno, UakeraOeld, Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles, Doming, Ll Paso,
New Orleans and Last 'eM.lp
•10:00 a Vallejo. Martines and Way Stations •7:4.' ip
'1 I:0«Ia Haywarda, Niles and Way Stations. 'ailSp
•l!i:OOM Niles, Lirermore, Stockton, Sacra-
meuto, Mendota, Hanford, Visalia,
Ptrterviile »4: 15f
tl:OOp Sacramento Hirer Steamers t^:(Mtp
•»:OOp Hay wards, Nile* and Way Stations. # 3:4.1r
•4:00 r Marline?, Han Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa. Uslhtoga. .Santa llosa *i>tl9*.
•4:«0r Benicia, Vacaville, Sacramento, .
Woodland, Kniulits Landing,
MarraTllle, Orovillo «lO:4aA
•4s3op Niles, Sau.lnßO and Stockton »7:15»>
«3:OOpTho On-1 Limited. Tracy, Fresno.
Bakcrsfield. Bangui for Santa Bar-
h.ira, Los Angeles *9j4Ba
•3:: tOp Stockton, Merced, Fresno *l»tlSr
*Bs3OP Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno.
Mojave anil l.»s Angeles •»«4.'»A
•3»30p .Santa In Route, Atlantic Kxpress
for .Mojiivß anil ICast •6:4Sr
*0:OO Chicago-San Francisco Special, Og-
den and ICast •Si3op
•6:00p Havwards, NilesandSau Jose •7:43*.
40:OOi. v.iiu-ju »ia:l3p
J7:t)Or Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions Jot33p>
*Si<*3r Oregon UTprnas.Hsnramnnto. Marys-
ville, Redding, I'ortlauil, I'uget
Sound and Lost aWtIBA)
coast DIVISION (Narrow flange).
(Foot of Market Street.)
•8:13 a Ne'vark,Ccntervl!le,.San. lose, Feltou,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cmz and Way
Stations »3i»»»
f2:l3p Newark, CentorvUle, San Joso, Now
Altnaden, Feltou, Boulder Creak,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations flOxSOa.
*4zl3p Newark, Kan Jose, Los Gatoa *9:20*.
611:15r Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations J7i«Of
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
ImmSlH nUIOSCO— Feci or Hirkel Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 0:00 11:00 a.m. 11:00 *2:00 t3:off
•1:00 15:00 *«:«r.w.
rramO*Jl..\SD— Fool sfßroadwiij.— "fl:oo 8:00 10:00*. M,
112:00 *1:00 12:00 ; 3:QO 11:00 "S:OOr.M.
COAST DIVISION (Uroail (Jaiige).
(Third M.d Tovvnscn.l St^.)
iO:!OA Ocean View, Booth Han Francisco.. tO:UOp
•7:OOa .San Jose and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) *l:80p
•9:00 a Sim .lima. Ties rinos. Santa Cruz,
raelfic Orove. Paso Itoblos, San
Luis Oi.isi.o, Surf. Lod poc ami
Principal Way Stations 4:IOp
•I0:4Oa Bail Joso and Way Staiir.na *«:33a.
•ll::t»A Sau Jose and Way StaMons •Si'JOp
t'4:J;>|. Mateo, Redwood, Alcnlo Park,
Falo Alto, rianta Clir*. Kan .lose,
Trea Vinos. Santa Cm,-. Salinas,
Monterey ami Pacific Grove (10:36*.
t»::iOi» San Jose and Wsj Stations *7:3»»p
f 1:1. "ii- San Jose and Frincipal Way Stations **J:i3A
JStOOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations |»:OOa
•3:30 San Jose and Prindnal Way Stations "8:35 a.
•*i:.tt»p gem Jose and Stations tr»:«»»a
6U:4.">i- San Jose and Way Stations.. *7:aOp
AforMoruiug. P for Afternoon. j
"Daily. t Sunday excepted. J Sunday only.
?i Saturday or/y. ■
The PAr.iri«'Tß*]MrEß€OnrAirf
will call far and check baggage from hotels and resi-
dences. Enquire of Ticket Agents .or Time Cards and
other information.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO-
T_iH3SSj3JH3
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
"WEEK DAYS— 3:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35,'
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:5&
and 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:30. 11:00 a, m.; 1:30, 3:30,
6:00, 6:20 p. m. \
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a, m.; 12:45,
8:10, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— trips at
1:65 and 6:35 p. in.
SUNDAYS— S:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40, 3:40, 5:05,
6:25 p. m. 1
1 Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
. . — — ■«
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco. 1
■ April 16, — , 4
Week Sun- ly.''.'. Sun- , Week
Days. days. Destination. days. | Days. ,
• 1 — 1 «
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, ! 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pni Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm, 6:20 pm
Fulton,
7:30 ami Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
1:30 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale, 7:35 pm 6:20 pa(
7:30 am Hopland and 10:25 am
3:30 pm 8:00 am Ukiah. I 7:35 pm 6:20 pra
7:80 ami 10:25 arq
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm 6:20 pra
7:30 am: 5:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 ara
j and
5:10 pm 5:00 pra Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pm 6:20 pro
1:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 1 10:25 ana
:30 pm 5:00 pm I 7:35 pm t 6:20 pra
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skagga
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop*
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs*
Kelseyville, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake*
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springe, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's^
Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle*
Booneville, Phllo. Christine, Soda Springs,
Navarro, Whitesboro, Albion. Little River,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg]
Wcstport, Usal. Wlllltts, Laytonvllle, Cum-
mlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen'a, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka,
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets a<
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to ail pointy
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market at.. Chronicle bldft
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN, '
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent,
°«««wini' ■■"■ »m «i 1M...11 iii ■ mm——
Santa Fe Repute
»^— —————— ■— — 1 | irJSm
IX # *? if y
j!?So» S fi^r^LBUOUEBQUa
[i(m f ""i * Ei - pA »
PJWSAKSELe. TPHOENnC
i-^SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO.
=
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WaY
ACROSS THE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULL-
MAN PALACE AND PULLMAN UP-
HOLSTERED TOURIST CARS LEAVE
OAKLAND MOLE FOR CHICAGO AND
THE EAST. TAKE MARKET STREET
FERRY AT 6 SO PM.
DINING ROOMS AND DINING
CARS ARE MANAGED BY MR FRED
HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN
I EVERY DETAIL.
Read Down. VALLEY ROAD. Read Up.
*7:20 am 510:30 am Stockton 13:40 pm 6:00 pro
0:10 am i 2:05 pm Merced tl2 : 10 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am § 5:35 pm Freano t9:00 am 2:42 pm
11:38 am 1 7:45 pm Hanford t7:00 am 1:45 pm
2:25 pm 812:30 am Bakersfield 51:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 ami 16:25 pm Visalia {5:20 am 1:22 pm
12:15 pm tti:s3 pm Tulare I 54:25 am ; »1:05 pm
•Dally. 'Except Sunday. {Except Monday.
San .Francisco Ticket Office, 62s Market st.;
Tel. Main 1531.
Oakland Office, 1119 Broadway. *
Sacramento Office. 201 J st. - :
San Jose Office. 7 West Santa Clara at.
Weekly CaTl,sl.oo per Year
910
HIS COMMISSION FOUND
AMONG A LOT OF ASHES
Startling Discovery by Major
O'Neil of the First California.
The Document Promoting Second Lieuten
ant Wall, Signed by Governor Gage,
Unearthed in a Barrel Back of
the Occidental Hotel.
THROUGH the blundering methods j
of Governor Gage and Adjutant
General Seamans, and the criminal
act of somebody who Is yet un
identified, William Wall, a brave
officer of the First California Regi
ment has been deprived of his commis
sion as first lieutenant of the regiment.
While ranking as second lieutenant of
the regiment, as he and his fellow
eoldlers thought, Wall should have
.drawn pay as first lieutenant according
' to the commission issued to him by the
Governor, and which was found yester
day hidden in an ash barrel in the Oc
cidental Hotel. The Important discovery
' was made by Major O'Neil of the "Fight
ing First."
The story of the loss of the commission
dates back several months ago. There
was a hot fight on among the friends of
the officers of the regiment to Bee who
would receive recognition at the hands
of the Governor for meritorious service
at Manila.
Wall was strongly indorsed for the
first lieutenancy of the regiment on ac
: count of the bravery he displayed in the
recent unpleasantness with Spain. He
had a strong rival In Arthur Rivers,
who had been accused of cowardice by
Major O'Neil, but who was acquitted of
the charge after an Investigation con
ducted by Colonel Smith. Wall finally
captured the prize, the commission being
duly made out by the chief executive
and sent to Adjutant General Seamans,
•who was stopping at the Occidental
Hotel. Rivers was commissioned second
lieutenant, much to the surprise of his
friends, who expected he would outrank
Wall In the fight for the first lieutenancy
of the regiment.
While Wall was being congratulated on
his promotion, word was received that a
mistake had been made and that Rivers
had been promoted to the rank of first
lieutenant and Wall to the second lieu
tenancy. It was claimed at the time that
Wall's commission as first lieutenant
had not been signed by the Governor,
who at the last moment concluded to give
the place to Rivers. Suspecting some
thing wrong Major O'Neil went to
Colonel Duboce and showed him a tele
gram from Secretary of State Curry, In
forming him that Wall had been com
missioned first lieutenant of the regiment.
Duboce told him that a mistake had been
committed and that Rivers would be
recognized as the first lieutenant.
Major O'Neil the following day visited '
the adjutant general in the Ocidental ;
Hotel and demanded an explanation. Sea
mans treated him indifferently, but when
questioned by O'Neil he vociferously de
clared that the Governor had never
thought of promoting Wall to the rank
of first lieutenant Determined to ascer
tain the truth of this assertion, O'Neil
made a quiet investigation with the re- ;
sult that he learned that the commission
making Wall first lieutenant of the reg
iment had not only been signed by the
Governor, but had been forwarded to this
city. He also learned that the document
had not been canceled and that the ene- ■.
mies of his friend Wall were making
frantic efforts to get possession of it.
In some manner, which he refused to i
discuss. O'Neil learned that the commis- !
sion was hidden in an ash barrel In the
rear of the Occidental Hotel, and he de- !
termined to get possession of it in the
hope of disproving Seamans" statement.
that the Governor had not signed a com
mission promoting Wall to the rank of
first lieutenant of the California regiment.
On going to the hotel O'Neil took a bell
boy into his confidence and Induced him
to show him the ash barrels. After ex
amining two of them he finally found the
commission secreted under a pile of ashes. :
With many expressions of Joy O'Neil,
after closely inspecting the document,
wSi 0» •
|| . I •
1 !900's - - $40 1 :
m • ARRIVE KOY. Ist | ;
P AGENTS WANTED. I ;
g 1899 I ;
1 ( feA®C B li
H BICYCLES ■ ,
I cpOO I
Wi WHILE THEY LAST. M ;
1 ... I :
I THOS. H.B. VARNEY, ||.
m Market and 10th Sts., S.F. |?i
*|| OPEN EVENINGS. 1
placed it in his pocket and left the hotel.
Subsequently he turned It over to Wall,
after advising him to keep it as an evi
dence of treachery on the part of the Gov
ernor and Adjutant General Seamans.
To-day O'Neil intends to Interview the
Governor with a view of finding out why
the commission of Wall had not been
honored and primarily to Induce him to
make an Investigation into the finding of
the document In the ash barrel, and thus
learn the name of the person who so
disposed of it.
When seen yesterday Wall said that
after ho had received his commission as
second lieutenant of the regiment he
learned that the Governor had also signed
another commision promoting him to the
rank of first lieutenant, lie was at a loss
LIEUT. WALL'S COMMISSION FOUND IN AN ASH BARREL
to explain why the document had been
thrown in an ash barrel, except that his
enemies were anxious to "bury It," as he
expressed it.
—• ♦ ■
PREFERRED DEATH TO JAIL
George Davis, Serving Time in the
County Jail, Attempts Suicide.
One of the most ghastly sights imagina
ble was presented to the view of Drs. T.
J. Crowley and P. Stephens of the City
and County Hospital yesterday morning
when George Davis, a prisoner from the
BIG FIRE IN THE TREES
NEAR GOLDEN GATE PARK
A FIERCE fire in a forest of gum
trees and underbrush that for a
time baffled the efforts of the
Fire Department and threatened
the destruction of several small
ranch houses, ragod yesterday after
noon In the hills south of the Affili
ated Colleges. A largo area was
burned over before the Are ran Its
course. The fact that there was not a
breath of wind blowing is the only
thing that saved the western part of
the city from serious damage.
About 11 o'clock a little puff of
smoke rose up from a ravine back of
the colleges and curled In a column
straight into the air. It attracted the
attention of residents of the neighbor
hood, who, knowing the Inflammable
character of the underbrush, notified
the men- of engine 26, who responded
promptly to a still alarm.
While the firemen were on their way
to the fire, flames burst from the ra
vine, {riving the surrounding hills the
appearance of a volcano in active
eruption. Tongues of Are leaped into
the air, end a cloud of smoke spread
like a pall over the surrounding
country. An alarm was at once sent
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1899.
branch County Jail, was dumped on the
operating table from the patrol wagon of
the Seventeenth street station. Davis,
who had been sentenced to six months
for malicious mischief, drew a razor
across his throat at 6 o'clock yesterday
morning. The slash reached from ear to
ear and required fifteen stitches of the
surgeon's needle to draw the cut together.
In his attempt to end his life he by the
barest possible shave drew the razor on
top of the windpipe and Jugular vein, but
did not penetrate deep enough to make
the job a success.
Sheriff Henry Martin's deputies at the
branch jail are very reticent as to how
Davis came to have a razor In his pos
session while locked up In his cell. It was
only a few weeks ago that five of the
prisoners obtained a dose of poison from
the drug store and came near fatally pois
oning themselves. It was through the
timely assistance of Dr. Crowley of the
County Hospital that they were saved.
Davis' case is another example of care
lessness on the part of the deputies In
charge of the branch Jail.
Dr. Woods Preaches.
Rev. Dr. E. A. Woods of the recently
consumed First Baptist Church preached
yesterday morning to his congregation at
the Y. M. C. A. Hall. His sermon was
on the subject "Do You Believe In Fate.""
and as a prelude to It he spoke a few
words on "Why We Honor Dewey." His
address on the great admiral was in brief
as follows:
"We honor Dewey because we find in
him a wonderful combination of noble ele
ments of character. Wise yet modest,
strict yet companionable, daring yet ten
der, religious yet free from cant, there
are In him the genuine elements of no- I
ble character. The man is greater than
his deeds. He has done what you would '
expect such a man to do. Hero worship
is not Ignoble. The American people have !
found a hero and bow down before him i
because they believe in him."
in from box 396, which brought out
engines 21, 2G and 30, and truck 6, in
charge of Assistant Foreman Fernan
dez. His men stretched one line of
4000 feet of hose to the Are, up hill. and
down, through canyons and under
brush. The engines worked in relays
on the line, using back pressure to
force the water up the inclines. Bo
great was the power used that the
hose, although perfectly new, burst
frequently.
The single stream from the long line
of pipe had little effect on the flames,
which swept up the hillsides and down
Into the canyons, clearing away the
underbrush and the trees like a Kan
sas tornado. A second alarm brought
out engines 18, 24, 27 and truck 7, with
Assistant Foreman Waters In charge.
This force ran a line of 6000 feet of
hose and began a fight against the'
flames from the Almshouse side.
When water proved of little avail In
subduing the fire a big force of men
attacked it with wet sacks, shovels
and branches and, as a last resort,
back-firing was attempted. The
flames continued on toward several of
the little farmhouses in th© vicinity of
SEEN TO CARRY
A SACK OF COIN
INTO HIS ROOM
Arrest of Suspected
Robber.
— . —
OFFICER RIORDAN'S CAPTURE
♦
ACCUSED OF STEALING FOUB
THOUSAND DOLLARS.
•
James McFe« Locked Up on Suspi
cion of Being the Man Who
Bobbed Captain Barne
son on Saturday.
The police believe that they have the
thief who stole a sack containing $4000
from the buggy of Captain John Barne
son on Market street last Saturday after
noon. The buggy was in charge of
James Barneson, a brother of the cap
tain. "He had drawn the money from the
bank and was on his way up Market
street, when he stopped to read The
Call's bulletins of the International
yacht race. While he was thus absorbed
the thief crawled Into the back of the
buggy and got away with the coin, which
was in a canvas sack.
Yesterday afternoon Police Officer
Rlordan of the Southern Station learned
that a man answering the description of
the thief was seen to enter a lodging
house at Sixth and Natoma streets.
Rlordan went to the house and closely
questioned the inmates. One of them,
whose name the police refuse to disclose
at the present time, claims that he met
a young man named James McFee as the
latter was walking upstairs of the lodg
ing-house. He had under his coat a sack
which he supposed was filled with coin.
He claims that he noticed the letters .
"U. S." stamped on the . sack. McFee
tried to avoid him, ami slipped into a
room on the second floor. As • McFee
tallied with the description of the thief, [
Riordan lost no time in running him
down. He was found , In a saloon on j
Third street, and was at once taken to I
police headquarters. When questioned j
about the robbery he denied that he had
a hand in it, and declared that he would |
be able to establish his innocence at the |
proper time. Only a few dollars were :
found In his possession. McFee refused
to give nis address, but the police know !
that he was married a short time ago, j
and that he and his wife have been liv
ing In the vicinity of O'Farrell and De
visadero streets.
To-day Mrs. Drake, who saw the thief
get away with the sack of money, will
be taken to police headquarters for the
purpose of Identifying him. Chief Lees
is satisfied that he is the right man.
SECOND WEEK OF FESTIVAL.
The second week of the Youths' Direct
ory festival will open this evening. The |
purpose of the festival Is to clear the <
large debt which Is hanging over the Di
rectory, and It is deserving of support.
The success of this week's entertain
ment is almost assured before it begins, ■
owing to the number of societies which
have signified an Intention of lending a
helping hand. The programme Is also a
feature that will attract attention, and
will include numbers by some of the best
known professionals and amateurs of the ;
city.
To-night there will be a programme of j
vocal and instrumental music by the
League of the Cross band; also some club !
swinging by professionals. It will be St.
Anthony's booth night at home, and Miss
Belinda Roper, assisted by the following
ladies, will entertain their friends: Mes
dames Edward May, Hayes, Fox, Misses
Belinda Roper Minnie Harvey Fox, assist
ed by Mesdames Wade, Margaret
Schmidt, T. B. Hamilton. Martial Hain
que, Parolinl, Murfey, O'Doherty, Misses
Mary Roper, Annie E. Gavlgan, Frances
Slattery, Mary Harney, Carrie Gearon,
McGough. Lizzie O'Brien, Reynolds, Helen
Peck, Nellie Brady, Margaret Plunkett,
Kathleen Keating and J. J. Gildea.
Timothy Crowley, the famous tenor from
Boston, has consented to be presnt and
sing.
the Almshouse, and would undoubt
edly have consumed them had not a
narrow trail around one of the hills
blocked the way. There was not wind
enough to carry the blaze across, and
the fire burned Itself out.
There are various theories as to the
origin of tho blaze. Some argue that
the excessive heat of the day set the
dry leaves and underbrush ablaze.
Tramps make the place their rendez
vous, and it is possible that a spark
from one of their pipes might have
started the flames. The most prob
able solution Is the small boy with the
big shotgun who had been hunting
rabbits through the underbrush. A
piece of wadding from ' a shotgun
likely became Ignited and started the
Are. Shortly before the smoke was
noticed issuing from the canyon where
the fire started a small boy with a
gun was seen by Alfred Clancey of
329 Eureka street running from the
vicinity.
, The firemen suffered greatly from
the heat. During the progress of the
Are several attempts were made to
rob dwellings in the vicinity. The
Aames did not burn, themselves out
until 7 o'clock last evening.
JOE M'AULIFFE'S
BROTHER FRANK
SHOT TO DEATH
Frank Mitchell Fired
the Fatal Shot.
♦ —
TROUBLE OVER AN ACCOUNT
m
BIG JOE BEFUSED TO PAY AND
A FIGHT ENSUED.
: —
Mitchell Armed Himself and There
Was a Second and a Fatal .
Struggle Says He Shot
in Self-Defense.
A quarrel over a small store account
ended In a shooting affair last night,
which cost Frank McAuliffe his life and
landed the shooter, Frank Mitchell, in
prison.
The affray occurred at the grocery store
and saloon of P. N. Flynn, corner of Ala
bama and Twenty-fourth streets, at 11
p. m. It appears that Mitchell, who keeps
a grocery and saloon on the corner of
Twenty-fourth and Harrison streets, had
a bill against big Joe McAuliffe, the ex
prize-lightet, who is now a deputy in the
County Clerk's office. He met Frank Mo-
Auntie a little after 11 o'clock and under
took to find out when Joe McAuliffe would
pay what he owed. McAuliffe asked how
much it was and was told that it amount
ed to about $10. Some remark made by
McAuliffe angered Mitchell and hot words
followed. Mitchell in an excited frame of
mind hurried away in the direction of his
store.
Bystanders say that Mitchell went away
to procure his pistol and that he returned
In a few minutes and walking up to with
in about ten feet of McAuliffe drew a 44
Smith & Wesson and without saying a
word fired, the bullet piercing McAuliffe
through the heart. The victim, died in
stantly.
Mitchell was detained and taken Into
custody later by Sergeant Blank and Po
liceman Pyron, who removed him to the
Seventeenth street station.
There Is another side to the story which
places Mitchell in a better light and ac
cording to Captain Glllen of the Seven
teenth street station gives the killing the
appearance of self-defense. Mitchell, at
a late hour this morning stated that he
met Frank and Joe McAuliffe on the
street and asked Joe when he was going
to pay the bill he owed him. He called
Joe s attention to the fact that he had a
good Job and was In a position to pay.
McAuliffe, applying an epithet to Mitchell,
said that he owed the bill but would
"never pay it." A scuffle ensued between
the three men and Mitchell went to his
place and returned shortly with the pis
tol. Another row was started, In which
Mitchell got the worst of it. He says he
shot McAuliffe when he was coming to
ward him and about four feet distant.
Mitchell has a badly cut and bruised
lip and chin to substantiate his state
ment and asserts that he was struck
first, was afraid of his life against the
two men and shot in self-defense.
The arresting officers reported that
they had a hard struggle with Joe Mc-
Auliffe after the arrest of Mitchell to
keep him from assaulting Mitchell.
Mitchell Is about 25 years of age. Mc-
Auliffe resided at Twentieth and Hamp
shire streets.
MAN WENT OVERBOARD
FROM THE BERKELEY
J. BENDER RESCUED AFTER A
COLD BATH.
Claims That He Was Jostled From
the Deck, but Police Say He
Took a Deliberate
Plunge.
J. Bender, a laborer residing at 307
Chattanooga s.treet in this city, was near
ly drowned about 6 o'clock last evening,
In the bay. off Goat Island. The fact that
he had some knowledge of swimming,
coupled with the prompt action of em
ployes on the ferry-boat Berkeley, pre
vented the man from covering a slab at
the Morgue.
Bender, with a party of friends, started
yesterday afternoon to make the return
trip across the bay on the ferry-boat
Berkeley. When the vessel neared Goat
Island a cry of "man overboard" went up
and It was found that Bender was strug
gling In the water. How he came to get
there Is still a question. He was under
the Influence of liquor and the police say
that he intentionally Jumped into the bay.
When Bender was brought to the Harbor
Hospital, where the superfluous water
was pumped from him, he made a claim
that some one had accidentally pushed
him overboard.
When Bender struck the water he ex
hibited some skill as a swimmer. Ha
managed, despite his condition, to keep
on the surface. In the meantime the
ferry-boat had been stopped and a boat
put off for the spot where the man's head
was seen boobing In the water. The boat
reached Bender just as he was about to
give up the struggle.
GARFIELD LEAGUE SOCIAL.
Preparing to Entertain Those Who
Assisted in the Monument
Exercises.
A meeting of the Garfield League was
held Saturday evening to arrange for an
entertainment, social and ball to be ten
dered the George H. Thomas and Lincoln
posts, G. A. R., and James A. Garfield
Corps, W. R. C. ; the League of the Cross
Cadets, Columbia 4 Park Boys' Club Asso
ciation. Veteran Guard and the various
organizations that participated in the
Garfield memorial exercises at Golden
Gate Park on the 7th tilt. The following
committee of arrangements was ap
pointed to prepare for the entertainment:
E. M. Galvin, Dawson Mayer, A. de la
Torre Jr., P. A. McGinness, H. L. Brad
ford. Joseph Meneses, T. F. Bachclder
E. A. Lorenzo, M. S. Blackburn, W. C.
Watson and Martin Murray.
It was decided to hold the entertain
ment on Saturday evening, October 21, at
8 o'clock, at the hall, 507 Sutter street,
corner of Powell. Persons who desire to
attend can procure complimentary tickets
from the secretary, room 4, 405 Montgom
ery street: Dawson Mayer, 000 Safe De
posit building, or A. de la Torre Jr., Oc
cidental Hotel.
Among the features of the entertain
ment will be a recitation by Major C. W.
Kyle, cornet solo by A. P. Black, songs
by Knickerbocker Quartet, song by Mrs.
Bert G. Adams, humorous remarks by
Charles Alpers, dialect stories and fancy
drill and tableau. There will be dancing
after the entertainment.
Disarming Chinese.
Officers doing police duty In Chinatown
are taking every precaution to avoid the
bloodshed which is usually attendant
upon the return of the Chinese fisher
men to this city. During .the past few
days hundreds of Chinese have been
stopped in the highways of Chinatown
and searched for weapons. This action is
taken to impress upon the hatchet wield
ers the vigilance of the police and their
determination to suppress any incipient
trouble. '»•':»-&
As a rule when the hoards of fisher
men return to their winter homes more
or less trouble arises over the settlement
of . claims.
« ♦ «
EDDIE FOY IN TOWN.
"Hotel : Topsy Turvy," a vaudeville
sketch, was presented at the Columbia
Theater last night for the first time in this
city. It is the medium through which Ed
die Foy, Josle De Witt, Amelia Glover,
Bertie "Fowler and others display their
talents as entertainers. Eddie Foy, as
Lebeau, a clown, Is the central figure
about which the action of the burlesque
revolves. '
Everything he said and did drew a laugh
from the audience which crowded the the
ater. .He has a number of new songs—
"I Happened to Be There" and "Hoodoo
.'-..- ■ ■■■. . . ■-..■..■■-' .... . •
ADSHEBTISEMENTS. ,'_■_.
We invite the public to inspect our Mag-
nificent Stock of NEW GOODS in all our
different departments. During the past week
we have received elegant lines of NEW
SILKS, NEW DRESS GOODS, NEW CREPONS,
NEW VELVETS, NEW CLOTHS, NEW TRIM-
MINGS, NEW RIBBONS, NEW LACES, NEW
SKIRTS, NEW GLOVES, NEW TIDIES, NEW
LINENS, NEW CURTAINS and NEW
HOSIERY.
TWO SPECIALS.
750 pairs GOLDEN FLEECE WHITE BLANKETS, pure
Australian wool (all sizes), made expressly for
O'Connor, Moffatt & Co,, at less than present cost to
manufacture.
1000 dozen GENTS' FINE LINEN CAMBRIC HANDKER-
. CHIEFS (Irish manufacture) at lower prices than
similar goods have ever heen sold hy us.
****** Si^ */&T
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
Doo Man" being particularly well re
ceived.
Josie de Witt, as proprietress of a cir
cus, was at once received with favor.
She sang a new waltz song, "Softly
We Go, All on Tip Toe," and "The
Circus Queens." In the last act she ap
-1 peared with her violin and in addition to
a solo she played the chorus of some
j songs she rendered. Miss Bertie Fowler
made a hit in her impersonation of a
j tough girl, her facial gymnastics being in
. themselves an interesting study. The
I Florences, a quartet of men and women,
gymnasts, did some clever leaping and
i tumbling in the second act. The action is
rapid throughout the burlesque, leaving
no dull moments nor hitches.
NANCE O'NEIL.
After a week of rollicking farce comedy,
the California gave Its patrons a legiti
mate classical comedy last night, the plot
of which lies In those good old days when
the tailor presented his bill each month
with as graceful and correct an obeisance
as the baronet was wont to do at court
receptions. Nance O'Neil and her excel
lent company of players know right well
the spirit of the play "Peg Wofflngton,"
and being evenly balanced they succeed
In getting all the quiet humor and intelli
gent wit therefrom which a clever author
has introduced. There is pathos, too,
which does not lack the necessary inter
pretation. Nance O'Neil has the make-up
of a great artist. "While she may lean
more toward legitimate tragedy, her fre
quent dives into the "element comlque"
are not at all unsuccessful. On the con
trary she receives liberal applause for
them. Next to Nance O'Neil, Barton Hill
is entitled to much of the credit for this
smooth performance. Here is an actor
who becomes younger the longer ne lives.
He is still as graceful as ever. The com
pany is far better than that of Frawley.
Miss Jessie Foster, a soprano who is
said to possess an unusually high range,
will give a song recital at Sherman-Clay
Hall to-morrow evening. Miss Foster,
having been very successful' East, should
not fail to attract a large audience of in
terested music lovers.
ALFRED METZGER.
Candidates, have your cioth banners and
all printing done by first hands. Sterett
Poster Printing Co., 933 Market street. *
ADVERTISEMENT S.
ONE WEEK fg S
FREE - _\^ §
Treatment and Medicine gf g
1 OR easSk^
Catarrh, Deafness, liSp
NOISES IN THE EARS < 2E^= J Zi
AND THROAT DISEASES ■^"->~/
given to show the superior ;§<-■s / .
merit of my new invention SSSy iAli& •
and ANTISEPTIC treat- §^ SOp*"
m«nt; that gives many mar- §§£ #^^^3
veious cures and so easy a IT^. M-iSlfi :
child can use it. In 1 1200 §3
test cases all CATARRHAL, |>\ : jS^SSSf-^
patients relieved and 'SO per i^§*^4§ilii?~s'
cent "eafness cured. Best of fc*^y&?jf|j>>,-$-'?-? - )
references and hundreds of
endorsements. But the best is to try It and be
convinced while you can. FREE FOR ONE
WEEK.
Call at once or write.
DR. COTTINGHAM,
632 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel.
Hours— A. M. 1-3 and 7-S P. M.
Lamps.
Great Left Over Sale
Prices Away Down.
l'ou« Say So,
When You See Prices.
Great AmericaoliportiDi Tea Co.
STORES EVERYWHERE.
" xoo Stores
GOLDBERG
BDWEN
j& spin
dr%, %tsS fas?
At this season of the year
new goods are arriving in
every department —it will
pay you to examine our
stock occasionally
SPECIAL SAVING SALE '
A\onday Tuesday Wednesday
Coffee— blend 2 lbs 55c
Good coffee — good breakfast
reg'ly 35c lb
Baking powder ib 30c
Excelsior 5 lbs $ 1 25
A pure wholesome and reliable
- — reg'ly 40c and $1 50 can
CatSUp— G B& Co 3 bottles 50c
Made from New York tomatoes
bottled by us— reg'ly 20c bottle
j Malt whiskey— WmPcnn 75c
This whiskey is particularly for
medicinal purposes — as pleasant
to take as pure malt whiskey can be
reg'ly $1 bottle
i Lard— Foam slb pail 50c
Pure leaf rendered — clean — sweet
reg'ly 60c
Salad dressing Sierra Madre 25c
•" A ready made rich and delicious
mayonaise— reg'ly 30c bottle
Clam bouillon— 35c
Highly concentrated — prepare it in
five minutes reg'ly 40c bottle
makes delicious broth
i
| Marsh mallows— ixnmey 40c
Delicious flavor— reg'ly 50c 1 lb box
Toilet water— 65 c
Pinaud— asst odors reg'ly 75c bot
Fruit Coloring— Burnett 20c
Free from harmful and injurious
ingredients seven colors
reg'ly 25c bottle
October catalogue free
4ja Pine 215 Sutter 3800 California San Francises
1075 Clay betv»«en Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
Any Oculist
Will Tell
Tou we are careful and competent to fit becom-
ing glasses without slip, tilt or waver with th*
new clip; 50 cents.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Quick repair-
ing. Factory on premises. Phone, Main 10.
OPTIC.ANS^ HOI^ph^a, W;
642 Market St. instruments
- <«»!« CHOnictt Ri>ni mi ,'.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
vine. ICal UeBloratlve . mvigorator ana Ner-
tSc uS tVr r S nderf , vl -x aphrodisiac «* Special
Th. v?I «h * Sexual Organs of both sexes.
i mlim «% X R, i.. Ren, «3 for D i"«ee of the KM,
wy. *ad Bladder. Sells on Its own Merita:
at* vr.,w 13 ? I*'1 *' i ALFS * BRUNE. Agents.
1 m Market rtreet, 8. F.-(B*nd tor ClrouSU