VOLUME I. XXXVII— NO. 2.
STEAMER WEEOTT LOST
ON HUMBOLDT BAR
Life-Saving Crew Succeeds in Rescuing
All but Two of Those Aboard
the Vessel.
STEAMER WEEOTT, WRECKED WHILE CROSSING HUMBOLDT BAR. ;
pjßl t. — The
w as
■ ■ ■
-
tithe
I all but two
the life-saving
: hose w :
(ju>t >on. Miip Carpent.r
Mrs Carm'uhacl a I'assenj^r.
. to this
k from a ranch
ppostte the < trance to
■ that tin
The Weeott was in
: San Francisco and
tstde all
■ . eto ci
• in a dai
.it ion tug Ra
cue and
minutes later
1
• ■
■
1 availa
the bay which was not
in c
The tug X and tha*
lifel . ned the
. with the ex
nter Wil
aii'l Mrs. ( "armichael.
Tl.< of the life-saving
A b
• ling the dis
■r. \ hne was final
LONE OUTLAW BOARDS
AND ROBS A TRAIN
Holds Up Two Express Messengers
and Escapes With His
Booty.
CHARLESTON*. EL <'.. Dec. 1.-An un
known wfalta man. rl<i««»ly masked, held
tip the two mrssensrm In a Southern ex
jire««s company car to-night, and, under
cover of n revolver, compelled them to
Klvr up ?17<*i In rash. Kight thousand
dollar* in another safe was overlooked
liv tin* outlaw.
The train had Just left liranehvllta
when Messengers Ramsey and Rhodes
welt* covered by two revolvers. One
messenger was made to stand with his
liarxls over his head and the other was
compelled to hand over the money pack
nges In the wife. After warning the mes
«-<'iigers not to put a foot outride of the
car until the train had c»t under way
jipaln. the robber pulled the bell and
jumited off a.* the train slowed up. The
conductor saw the robl»ei escaping
••ilotur.vjde the track, but. thinking him a
tr;nss>, signaled the engineer ahead.
Whf-n the train Rot under way the mes
lenß'TK came out and told their story.
The car was a combination baggage
nrnl exjtress. and the iloor had been
opened t<» permit the conductor to reach
the bacffaue Fectlon. which won in the
forward cad at j&o cor.
The san Francisco Call
• ly got aboard and the pa-scr.^ers
and crew were taken aboard the
lifeboat by means of a slincr.
From the lifeboat they were
transferred to the tug and
iught to this city.
Rom members of the crew of
the W'eeott it was learned that at
about 5:30 o'clock the captain
headed his vessel toward the en
trance to the harbor. The bar
heavy, but all went well until
a point near the outer end of the
th jetty was readied, when a
giant sea swept over the steamer,
I ing her from <tern to >iem.
Water poured down the compan
ionway and flooded the engine
and fire rooms. The tires were
quenched and the vessel, her up
per w.rks wrecked, drifted help
. le>sly i n the heavy sea. A few
minutes later she struck the
r- >cks ..f the jetty and each suc
ling breaker bore her down.
With life preservers strapped
about their bodies, the thirty hu
man beings aboard awaited the
arrival of the life-Saving crew. It
than an hour after the
steamer struck when the last Mir
was landed in the lifeboat.
I wo fatalities occurred during
the work of the rescue. Mrs. Car- i
michael. who hailed from I >re
gOfl, was placed in the sling and
started for the lifeboat, but, beinp
old and feeble, she was unable to
help herself. -\ i urcn o f t h e 'line
ed her into the sea and she
was drowned.
Carpenter Wilson was killed
by the falling of one of the masts
, just as he was about to leave the
el. Neither body was recov
1.
HANNA WEARIES OF
PARTY LEADERSHIP
Will Not Accept Anothpr Term as
Chairmnn of the National
Committee.
MILWAUKEE. Dee I.— Mtircua a.
Hanna. chairman of the National Re
publican Committee, will not accept an
other term as national chairman, al
though he will serve out his present term
Thii much was admitted by Henry C.
I'ayne, National Republican Committee^
tnan of Wisconsin, to-day.
Shaking of the rumor that Mr. Ilanna
would resign Mr. Payne Bald Mr. Ilanna
told him he would serve out his term
nut would not accept another. Ills term
expires after the Republican National
Convention, which will be held In June.
Mr. Payne said Mr. Haima's health was
such as to forbid his taking up the ac
tive duties of a national campaign. His
successor Is entirely a matter of the fu
ture.
Sexagenarians Wed.
AUBURN, Ind.. Dec. I.— A romantic
wedding occurred here to-day when' Rev.
Mr. Arlon married Jacob Dawson of ReJ
lands, Cal., and Mr« Julia Murke of Au
burn. Uoth are past 10 years of age and
recently formed an acquaintance upon a
train. Dawson owns large orange or
chards. They leave to-morrow for-Red
laa<ls- .. . ._:
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 2, 1899.
Several of the crew suffered se
vere injuries. (, aptain Burtis was
; badly bruised while rendering as
sistance to the passengers. His
, injuries are not believe. l to be se
rious. Fireman Patrick Quirai of
Eureka suffered fractures of both
and some*of the passengers
were more or less injured, but
none seriously.
Al MoCann. a well-known Eu
rekan, who was purser of the
Steamer, was instrumental in sav
ing the lives of many persons
aboard. He describes the work
of the captain and other officers
•tremely heroic.
Captain Burtis was the last
man to leave the ship, and before
leaving he superintended the
placing of those who had become
his charges in the sling and see
m- them start safely for the life
boat. The first mate and chief
engineer stood nobly by their
captain, and but for their cour
age and coolness the list of fatali
ties would have been much
greater.
Scarcely had the work of res
cue been completed when the
steamer swung partly around on
the rocks and commenced going
to pieces. It is expected she will
entirely break up during the
night.
The Weeott was owned by C.
A. Doe & Co., and was com
manded by Captain S. H. Burtis.
She carried besides her regular
crew of twenty officers and men
the following passengers: Mrs.
Cannkhael, D. R. Carmichaei,
William Staples and wife, James
Gill. Lee Baxter and C. S. Spil
lers.
HUSBAND ACCUSED
OF KILLING HIS WIFE
Coroner Stops n Funeral and Autopsy
Shows the Woman Died a
Violent Death.
JACKSONVILLE I. iv. , „,
.o-day of her ln, s !,a n ,f»,; S charcT^
meat* had been made for Mrs \vim!l« c ".
fun.-ral. an order -am.. f,,l  , ams
hald. ti,i. action w« tAk , i,v r
of certain suspicious circumstances con
nected with the death of Mr- \viiii»m
that had been brought to the at entSn
of the State Attorney. Mr liarfrM»n
Shortly afterward a warrant was S3l f od
for the arrest of John D. William, "So
young woman's husband, and ho waasnnn
apprehended and placed In the coSmy
JaJl charged with the murder of his wife
The autopsy developed that Mrs AVI?!
Hams came to her death by a violent
blow In the stomach, bursting the bladder
and rupturing other vessels. The woman
died In great agony, but made no charges
against any one. The husband refuses to
talk except to deny the murder. Williams
Is a well-known young man, about town. ,
BAYOMBONG
TAKEN BY A
LIEUTENANT
Insurgent Garrison Surren
ders and Prisoners Are
Liberated.
STRATEGY OF MONROE
W.th Fifty Men He "Bluffs" the
Filipino Genera: Into Laying
Down His A ms.
Spcrla 1 . Dispatch to The r a :i.
MANILA. Dec. 2. — General Conon
surrendered 800 oincers and men,
•with rifles, several American and sev
enty Spanish prisoners and the gar
rison at Bayombo.ig, province cf
Nueva Vizcaya, to lieutenant Mon
roe, with fifty men of the Fourth Cav
alry.
This surrender was due to remark
able courage and biuff on the part ot
Monroe. He had bin fifty men, and
possible reinforcesru nts were far in
the rear. He cor inunicnted tele
graphically with tb* insurgent gen
eral, Conon, stating hat he was r ad
to immediately mo^ i the large forca
on him unless th'jre was an uncon
ditional surrender. Monroe wired
south for reinforce ae nts. Twenty
four hours before the reinforcements
came he went with a small escort to
Bayombong and accepted the sur
render.
WASHINGTON. Dee L— tbe w.ir De
ll anything '■' m
rml «»tis confirmlag th<- report of the
■ • 1 . • r of General <'<>non and siio men
at Hnyomboiiß. but the Information con-
I in the preM • Msjmti-h Is believed to
be correct
A dispatch received from General Otis
this morning said that word from General
I«awton Indicated that Bayombeui had
been captured. It is believed that this re
port from General Law ton has been con
firmed, with details as to the number of
men surrendered.
. The surrender of BnyombonK puts Gen
eral Lawton In possession of the most im
portant place in Vizcaya Province, and
General Conon's force of SOO men was
probably one of the largest fragments
into which Aguinaldo'B fleeing army had
been broken.
CAPTAIN WARWICK
SLAIN 8Y FILIPINOS
WASHINGTON*. Dec. 1.-Genera< Otis'
i advices to the War Department to-day
show that the advance Into the interior Is
being vigorously pushed and the Ameri
can troops continue to drive back and dis
perse tho scattered bands encountered.
j Captain Warwick. Eighteenth Infantry.
! was killed In an engagement at Passl.
j Hollo Province, on the 26th ult. General
i Otis' dispatch Is as follows:
"MANILA, Dec. I.— Hughes reports from
Central Pa nay that Hollo Province, one
third of the island, is cleared of insur
gents, By forced matches with two bat- i
talions from I.;ibu;ino by way of Callnong,
he engaged the enemy at Passl on the Kth I
ult. and drove him with loss to the moun
tains in detached bodies, rapturing ten
Held pieces, of which two are breechload
ers, also nine rifles and several thousand
rounds of small ammunition. Hughe*'
casualties Captain Warwick. Eighteenth
Infantry, and Private Daniel W. Hum
phreys, Company K. Eighteenth Infantry,
killed. He reports his troops In excellent
health. He is now converting wheel into
pack transportation for entering the
mountains, It is expected that he will
pass on to Capiz. on the northern coast
of the island.
"Dispatches from Lawton Indicate that
Rayombong was captured on the 28th ult.
Trails over the mountains are Impractica
ble for wheel transportation of any kind.
The troops have subsisted on rice, and a
scant supply of that. Mac Arthur's troops
have had several minor engagements, cap
turing men and rifles. Hell's capture In
the mountains Includes fourteen modern ;
guns, all In good condition. Over fifty
pieces of artillery were captured by troops
of the corps in the last three weeks.
"The Oregon brought In KM Spanish
prisoners from Vlgan yesterday. Ninety
four were received by rail the previous
evening. Young, with three troops nf cav
alry and March's battalion of the Thirty
third Infantry, should have reached Vlgan
yesterday.
"Conditions at Zamboanga are satisfac
tory. Additional ordnance was surren
dered, consisting of four field pieces,
seven rifles and a quantity of ammunition.
The natives of the adiolning towns are
visiting the city and the native military
bands are serenading the troops. The
Thirty-first Infantry leaves Manila this
evening to garrison several stations on
the Mindanao coast. No difficulties are
anticipated."
INSURGENT LEADER
CALIXTO ASSASSINATED
MANILA, Pec. 1— The steamer Salva
dor. from Zamboanga. Island of Minda
nao, which has arrived here, brings de
tails of the occupation of the town by
Commander Very of the United States
gunboat Casting. The revolutionists. In
Mindanao were led by Alvarez and Pa
llxto. who left Luzon some time ago.
and for the last seven months had been
stirring up the people, winning a consid
erable following. The commercial de
pression and the lack of food resulting
from the Island's blockade sot the people
against the revolutionists, and culmi
nated In the assassination, on November
It, of Callxto. a firebrand and the real
leader of the revolution, by Mldel, Mayor
of the town of Tetuan. * "
Mid. i. under * pretext, obtained Calix
to's presence In Tetuan. and when the
Mayor"? guards were stationed, the lat
ter tired ■ volley, killing Callxto In
stantly. Mldcl at once repaired to the
Castlne, and arranged with Commander
Very for the occupation of Zamboanra.
Commander Very asked that l>atto Man
dl. with 000 of his followers, stationed
on a neighboring Island, come to 7.am
boanga. The following morning Mldel
raised the American, flag over Zam
boanga. the insurgents offering no resist
ance and evacuating the town. The Cas
line was saluted with twenty-one guns
and Commander Very landed a hundred'
'..lue-Jackets and took possession of the
town and fortification*. Datto Mandl's
men arrived in the afternoon. They were
armed with wooden shields and swords
and were used on picket duty.
Commander Very dispatched the eun
boat Manila on November 15 to Jolo to
convey troops to reinforce him. A com
pany of the. Twenty-third 4 irne n t un
der. Captain Nichols, arrived on Novem
ber 17, and two more companies followed
them shortly. ... Mandi's followers then
returned home. \< •■■ 1 . . .■ ■ 
Alvarez sought j to ' arrange | for » a »ur
4 Unf lpi'fr'i * O" ' < M^vinrt_ ]P* ~f\ r
NEXT BIG BATTLE TO
BE AT TUGELA RIVER
British Forces Advancing to the Relief of
Ladysmith Will Soon Encounter
Joubert's Army of Boers.
THE RED CROSS IN SOUTH AFR.CA.
LONDON, Dec. 2. — The
week which lias l>een
marked by the brilliant ad
vance of L«»r<l Methuen's column
closes in profound and remark
able silence. ( hrders seem to
have gone forth from military
headquarters in South Africa t<>
maintain silence. As there is n<>
great delay in telegraphing, de
spite the breakdown of one ca
ble, nothing else will explain the
absence of news. There is almost
no new information this morning
from any <>f the British i-<mi
mands in South Africa. The in
ference to be drawn is that the
generals are maturing plans,
which it would be improper at
this moment to disclose.
. It is not known yet how the
nattle of Modder River was
fought; whether Kimberley has
been relieved; whether General
Hildyard has moved forward
from Frere since last Tuesday, or
whether ( ieneral Gatacre has got
any closer to Stromberg Junc
tion.
The latest dispatch from Frere
states that on Tuesday the Brit
ish drove back the Boers, who
were trying to destroy a big
bridge near Colenso. If this was
the great structure over the Tu
gcla River, the fact of its being
intact is of great importance to
General C'lcry's advance. It is
uncertain which bridge the dis
patch refers to. There arc two,
a railway and a road bridge to
Ladysmith, crossing the Tugcla
at this point. The railway bridge
has already been reported to have
been destroyed. It is quite likely
that this report was false.
To make this bridge, which
ever it is. absolutely secure, a
British force must cross the river
and entrench itself on the further
bank at the bridge. It is not
stated whether General Hildyard
is able to do this. Undoubtedly
ii the advance troops have
crossed the river and entrenched
very importani success has been
gained, ;mrl a great obstacle in
Clery's way has been removed. It
is possible that the bridge has
been mined and may yet be de
stroyed.
There is every probability now
that the Boers will dispute the
passage of the Tugela River by
the British column. With White
in their rear they will run extra
ordinary risks. They are said to
be concentrating at Grobler*!
Kloof, do>c to Colenso. British
movements in the direction of i
Weenen look like an attempt to :
get around the enemy's flank.
Despite the silence, the situa
tion in Natal is regarded as won
derfully improved. There are at
present (juite 30.000 British
troops in that district. Reinforce
ments are being rapidly pushed
to tht front. A good many guns
of great range are now added to
Hildyard's armament. His delay 1
must be owing to the breaking
down of bridges or his relative
paucity of cavalry, just as General j
Gatacre is delayed by the n<
sity of safeguarding Lord Methu
en*> communication from Boer
attack from the Orange Free
State.
Sir George Stewart White is
still more than a match for his
foes at Ladysmith. Much firing
was heard from the besi.
town in the early part of the
week.
That no news has arrived for
twenty-four hours from Moddcr
River may signify that Methueu's
telegraph wires have been cut.
This does not of necessity mean
that there is any danger of his
communications being perma
nently interrupted. It has not
been Methuen's business to clear
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
the country ««f l;i> a<lversaries,
but simply to ,u retr ct t<> Kiml)erlev.
From Boer sources comes the
information that on Saturday last
the defenders of Mafeking made
a sortie and attacked ElofTs
Fort; that several ambulance
trains left Pretoria on Sunday
last for the Free State, as though
hard fighting was expected,
owing to the British advance, and
that Fort Tali, on the Rhodesian
frontier, where Colonel Plummer
is in command, was to be at
tacked.
No news of any kind has come
from Xauwpoort or Qn
town. Theßritiah (orces are be
lieved to he on the eve of strik
ing a blow. Probably they are
attempting to catch the Boers —
General French with his cavalry
operating on the Hank and rear.
while General Gatacre attach
front.
BOERS DRIVEN BACK
FROM COLENSO BRIDGE
1 P^, C f.« e 1° th .' New York »"■*'*• Copy.
™*i tV .7*' by . JJ * mt * Gordon Bennett, fii
public.! on of thJi dlapateh in prohibit^
&SSSSSSff. ■■■■ the Unlted * lat ml *
LONDON, Dm I The Pally Mail pub
lishe* ilmm dfspttcba frum its special
rnrr»«pon.| •
FRERR CAMP. Tuesday. Nov. U -The
enemy this morning, while attempting to
mow tip boom of a 500-foot bridge at Co
lenso. were driven hack by our artillery
and mounts Infantry. The main body
of the enemy, which returned from Wil
low Grange In two column* on our right
and left flanks, appears to have Joined
and to have reooruple.J their camp near
Groblers Kloof, close to Colenso. And to
he preparing: to dispute the passage of th»
Tugela Itlver. The Boers have been guilty
of a great deal of uaelens destruction of
property on their .way to and from Wil
low Grange/ Farmhouses have been
wrecked, furniture hat been smashed and
the contents of drawers and writing desks
have been thrown out of windows. in on«
house, part of the portrait of Gladstone
has been found lying In the hall. Appar
ently It had been used an a doormat. In
another house a portrait of the Queen
has been allowed to remain on the wall,
though all other pictures were destroyed.
All was quiet In camp to-day. Workmen
are busily engaged In restoring the Frero
Railroad bridge.
A native messenger from Major Davis
of the Imperial Light Horse, at Lady
xmlth. reports that fighting goes on In
termittently without much damage: that
there la abundance of food and that all
In the beleaguered town are In good
health and spirits.
PIarrKRJfARITZBUIta Tuesday. Nov.
■■•• Nt arrivals here state that heavy
guns have been mounted on the hills
north of Newcastle by the Boers, who In
tend to contest every Inch of the way to
Pretoria. It In believed that. General Jou
bert will make a determined stand on
Groblers Hill.
ALLEGED EXPEDITIONS
IN AID OF THE BOERS
WASHINGTON. Dec. 1. - Application
was made by Gustavus Thlellcuhl at the
State Department to-day for 000 passports
Cor members of the third expedition to be
sent from this country to the Transvaal
by the promoters of the Duchesse d'Ures
Legion. He failed to secure the pass
ports. He was told, he Bays, th.it one
reason why he could not secure them Is
that they could not be prepared before
December 21. the day the third expedition
would sail from New York. The second
expedition, according to Thlelkuhl. left
New York yesterday. Some of the men
went on a French liner and the others on
a British ship. Still others, he says, are
going on. the Prairie, which Is to carry.2
MAJOR GENERAL H. E. COLYILLE, of the Guards
liv glide, in Acli\e Command of Ihe Flying Column
since Lord Methucn's Wounding at Aiodder River
on lucsday Las*.
l"n!ted Stairs exhibits to the Parts Expo
sition. He expects to go on the third ex
jx»d!tlon December 21. which will *ail In a
specially charti-red vessel and will carry
•00 men. The men who are being sent
abroad, ho explains, are not armed. Thiel
k"ihl wm employed ;,«• a messenger In the
I'atent (MBet until Monday lujtt. when he
rexljmed to devote his entire attention to
the Transvaal enterprise. His application
to the State- Department was lor Jwu pass
ports for "aa rxpedltlon of miners to the
Transvaal/*
DAVIS WILL GO TO
THE SCENE OF WAR
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Dec. 1.-A dispatch I
to the Times from XVnshii:»ctcm pays: As
elstant Secretary Webster Davis of the ■
Interior Department will nail from New I
York next Tuesdaj- for Cape Town, South 1
Afnca. tis expects to be Ron.' at It-ast
thrf»e month*. It :« his Intention to see
Bomethlnß of the Boer war. He will be '
the guest, trhile in Cape Town, of Colonel I
J. O. Stowe of Kansns City, Consul Gen
eral at that port. Mr. Davis expects later !
to get into the Transvaal as the guest of i
rrwldcnt Kruger. There he will compile '
material for n scr!«-s of pictures on the <
din:«-rent aspocts of the war. and will try
10 r*a.ch the United States before thi >
stru^gl« U ended.
CONSUL MACRUM IS
CAUSING EMBARRASSMENT
WASHINGTON. IVc. L— Much embar
rassment is being caused the administra
tion by Consul Marrum's renewal of h!a
request for leave of absence from 'us
post at Pretoria. In a dispatch received
by Secretary Hay to-day. Mr. Ma-rum
states that he is urgently needed In
Washington. He adds that hts Vice Con
»ul, Emil A. Van American, appointe-1
from th* South African republic, has
Joined the Hoer forces, and roeomm«nds
an American named Atterbury for the
appointment as Consul In his absonct
Secivtarj- Hay is making Inquiries about
Mr. Atterbury. who may be designated
should ho be found a safe man. The
reasons which prompt Mr. Marruxn In
pressing hit* application are unknown to
the officials, who deeply regret that at
this timo. when American Interests* •-" in
prrll and he Is entrusted with British In
terests as well, he Bhould wish to leave
hi* post.
Mr. Macnira indicates that he has not
yet receive a reply to his former appli
cation for relief, and it Is presumed that
he has not received the instructions sent
to him by Secretary Hay concerning the
representation he should make to the
Hoer <»ovemment. looking to his \ctlrin
!n behalf of British prisoners. These In
fctructlor.s were tent by nail as well .is
cabled, so that he will soon receive word.
Anniversary Ball
WOODLAND. r>er. 1.-The anniversary
ball g!v*n by the Native Daughters
Thnr.Uhjrivlng evening was the most bril
liant 8oc!a! event of the season.
KHALIFA BRAVELY
INVITED DEATH
Riddled by Bullets as F|e Sat
Wit!) His Emirs on the
Battlefield.
CAIRO. Dm 1.-OClcws from the Soudan who have arrived here mlv th«»
when General ingate-s force overtook the Khalifa the latter trled^o oS
X^ 1 J he XK ASKA 5K5 Xl MM E"E "* pp l lans> but failed Seeing his position was hopeless the"
Khalifa bade his emirs stay with him and die. He then spread aJhe^skln
on the ground and sat down w on it with the •nil™ on each side of Mm
The Khalifa was, found ihot In the : head., heart, arms and l«Lre th.
emir* wen, lying dead beside him The member, of his bodyguard" £r. all
dead in front of them. General Winkle's- force swept over them Trlt>,om
recognizing the Khalifa ana his Emirs, but they were Identified I laTer
The Khalifa Is de.crlbrd a. of medium' height, strong and stout 'of ll«ht
brown color and wearing a long gray beard. stout, or light
4 'Never Quit Certainty
For Hope/ 9
You mAy take Hood's SarsaparSla for
a!! diseases arising from or promoted by
impute bhod-'with perfect confidence thAt
it 'will do you good. Never take Any sub-
stitute. In Hood's SarsaparSla you have
the best medicine money cAn buy. It
'cures, - completely and permanently. —
<a>hen others fail to do any good.
Scrofulous Humor—"/ was in ter.
rible condition from the itching And burning
of scrofulous humor. Grew worse under
treatment of several doctors. Took
Hood's Strsapar&a and Hood's Puls.
These cured me thoroughly." J. J. Little.
Fulton. N. Y. Remember
1 fccdA Sa^lMuftk
BAYOMBONG TAKEN
Bl A LIEUTtNANT
Continued from Flnrt Pare,
render cf the arms and artillery pieces
On the afternoon of November » m. lei
called a meeting of the local chiefs, who
formally deposed Alvarez as leader of
xn*t lir1 i rs .V rg< '.5 ls oi tne and. and elected
Mide! President of the new insular gov
ernment established under American sov
elxnty. The chiefs formally requested
Commander Very to grant exemption
from laxts until the re-establishment of
commercial relations permission to carry
arms in the mountains, religious free
dom and tho power to conduct local gov
ernments as previously, which requests
pending the arrival of Brigadier General*
l>ates, the military governor of the dis
trict, the commander granted. Com
mander \ cry then effected an apparent
reconciliation, bet ween A.varea and Mldel
and their followers. Alvarez signing a
fcrninl resignation of the position of rev
olutionary leader on November 22 At
a point on the coast near the rebel town
of ..lereedes. Alvaroz formally delivered
thirteen Nordenfelds and Maxims, with
ammunition, which were stored on board
VT ,c, c » stlne - Eight Nordenfelds and
Maxims were delivered to the army In
/.rrnboan*a. as were also over 200 rifles
and ammunition. The artillery came Into
possession of the revolutionists from six
Spanish gunboats bought by the army
Ijromt Spain, which the revolutionists
looted before the Americans could ret
possession of them. Alvarez -has only a
jlnzen followers left, the remainder of
the revolutionists having scattered and
returned to their occupations. No fljrht
im: is expected. ■ s l
Commander Very, having started to oc
cupy Zambcfcnga. is considered to have
handled the situation In Its many phases
with •:••*> and diplomatic skill.
CABINET BELIEVES THE
END IS NOT FAR OFF
WASHINGTON. Dec. 1 -The Cabinet
discussed briefly to-day the President's
message, on which th* finishing touches
have been placed except to that portion
of the message relating to the Philip
pines That section of the message is
being held up In the hope that the Presi
dent may be able to announce the com
plete collap«e of the insurr . n before
It goes to Congress. The Ambers of
the Cabinet are unanimously at the opin
ion that the rebellion is on Its last lees
& Ll hal any da >' may see the end.
.. T, ie . I'riilippine question Is solving
Itself, is the. way one member put it to
fhe President has decided not to send
•!.- message to Congress until Tuesday
as the immediate adjournment of the
Senate upon the announcement of the
death of Vice President Hobart would
preclude its being read on Monday
New Bank at
Vallejo.
VALXJCJO Dee l Articles of Ineoro
poratlon for the Citizens 1 Bank at Vallejo
have been filed. The cADltal n\noV la
tiOO.OOO.divided into ifeoX« ofpar
value of Jii/i per share. p
MARCONI SYSTEM FOR
HAWAIIAN ISLANDS
F. J. Cross Says That All the Islands
Will Soon Be Connected by the
Wireless Telegraph.
HONOLULU, Nov. 23 (via Victoria, B
Oit Bee, li -Contracts have been made
for connecting all the Islands of the
Hawaiian group by the Marconi system
of wireless telegraphy. F. J. Cross who
went to New York for the purpose of ne°
KOUattef with th* inventor of the xyl
tr£lia on the steamship au*
rith*t. 9t ? I**1 ** that . he ha " .secured exclusive
rights to ujo the system here, with an
agreement from the inventor to provide
an .xpert to put th*. system In working
order Marconi, he says, claims that per
ft",., co^munlcatlon between all the
« 9 ii°^ HawiUl 1t n be established at
a mi. all expense. Work is to begin at
OM* The apparatus Is to arrive here by
r*l-ruary l, an.l the system will be In
operation by March 1.
Wood Will Return to Cuba.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 1.- General Leon
ard Wood will return to Cuba next week.
He ears he expects to remain In the line
i of. the array as long as he lives and is
permitted to remain." l i.vT:^tt.J a
TIIE SAN FBA^CTSCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 2. 18>9.
INSULAR POLICY AND
ARMY REORGANIZATION
Two Important Subjects Dealt With
in Secretary Root's First
Annual Report.
WASHINGTON. Dec. I.— Dealing as It
does with large questions of Insular pol
, Icy, of army reorganization, of the future
' of Cuba and of the campaign in the Phil
ippines, the first annual report of Secre
tary Root. Just made public, is of excep
tional Interest.
Frequent reference is made to the re
port, of General Otis to show the magni
| tude of the task set for him in the Philip
pines with the inadequate forces at his
: command when the outbreak came, and a
high tribute Is paid to the courage of the
troops, which, in the face of great hard
l ships, voluntarily consented to forego an .
Immediate return to their homes upon the !
; expiration of their terms of service. The
i history of the operations of the past sea
, son Is recounted, and the Secretary out
\ lines the plan of the present campaign,
which began In October. This Involved
the movement of three separate forces.
i One was to proceed up the Bio Grande,
along the northeastern borders of the
plains, and strike across to the Gulf of
LJngayen. Another was to land on the
| gulf short by transports and proceed
along the coast road to .unite with the
first force. A third column was to strike
- straight along the railroad to Dagupun.
The Secretary says these movements were
executed with energy, rapidity and sue
cesa, notwithstanding deluges of rain.
A chapter tells of what has been done
In Cuba by the army during the past y«ar.
Order has been maintained, social dis
tress has b«en alleviated, sanitation has
I been instituted, and in all respects satis
factory progress has been mode, and the
part played by our troops now is but the
restraining influence of their presence.
As order has been restored the force of
troops has been reduced and orders have
been given recently for the withdrawal of
; eight companies of infantry and eight
troops of cavalry.
In Porto Rico the year has • been de
voted to administering and improving the
clvi; government of the Island and in
structing the people In the rudiments of
self-government, at every step in confer
ence with leading citizens.
A compliment is paid to General Lud
ington's administration of the quarter
master's department, and it is said that
owing to the experience acquired the' en
tire movement Involved in the transpor-
I tation of a large army: to the Philippines
has been accomplished practically with
out lot's of life, disease or injury to
health. The clothing of the army, too,
was satisfactory, and the food of good
quality and furnished promptly. The health
of the army has been remarkably good,
and the report shows that the death rate
among the soldiers in the Philippines from
disease is only 17.20— considerably lees
: than In Washington. Hoston. San Fran
cisco, New York and Baltimore. The sol
' diers killed in battle and dying of wounds
numbered 477. and the entire mortality
was £43 r«r the past ten month*.
The Secretary deals at great length with
! the problem of Insular government. He
recalls the fact that tho treaty of Paris
1 places in Congress alone the determina
tion of the civil representative* ana po
litical status of the native Inhabitants of
the territories ceded to the United States.
He argue* that this limitation completely
deprives these people of the right to have
! the Islands treated as States, or as terri
tory previously acquired ha* been treated,
or even to assert a legal right under the
! provision of the constitution which was
established for the people of the United
States themselves. Nevertheless, he as-
I sumes that the Intention la to give them,
to the greatest possible extent. Individual
: freedom, self-government In accordance
with their capacity, Just and equal laws
> and an opportunity for education, for
profitable industry and for development
j and civilization. He takes up Porto Rico
| first, as presenting the simplest problem,
and after discussing the present condi
tions there, emphasizing the ignorance of
the people of any modern system of gov
ernment, he holds that they should be
provided with the kind of administration
' to which we have been accustomed, with
Just as much participation on their part
: as Is possible without enabling their in
! experience to make it ineffective, and with
opportunities for them to increase their
I capacity for government. The Secretary
I lays stress upon past failures because of
j the refusal of a defeated minority to par
, ticipate further in government, which he
says Is precisely the cause of the con
tinual revolutions In the West Indies and
Central America, and marks a rudimen-
I tary stage of political development
To meet the case, he suggests a statu
tory declaration as to what laws shall be
; extended to the Porto Ricans. with pro
vision for Federal officers to execute
them. and. for a Federal Judiciary, with
appeal to the United States Supreme
Court. There should be a form of local
i Insular government subject to Congres
sional limitation, a Governor appointed
by the President and confirmed by the
i Senate, the chief officers appointed In like
, manner, and a legislative council com
posed of the chief officers of the State
and a minority selected by the President
from the citizens of the Island. The mu
nicipalities are to be governed by May-
I ors and Councils elected by them, with
.officers subject to removal by the Gov
: ernor. It would be better to wait for a
i time before an elective Legislature be
permitted. Suffrage should be limit. to
■ those who read and write or own a small
amount of property. Porto Ricann should
be chosen for offices they are able to nil.
American officials should be limited in
; number to the barest necessities and
should then be chosen by civil service
methods. Education should be nt the cost
of the community, defrayed from the in
sular treasury, and if necessary assisted
by the United States. The Spanish Civil
Code should be continued in force, with
such radical modifications as experience
suggests. The Secretary says that the
trouble has not been that the law was
I defective or vicious, but that It was never
fairly and honestly administered. Any
I attempt to substitute In these 'southern
I Islands a system of laws based on the
1 experience and characteristics of a New
j England community would be both op
pressive and futile. ' i
It Is pointed out that a similar course
to that Just outlined was successfully fol
lowed by ourselves In Louisiana and by
the English In Lower Canada.
Much stress Is laid on the Industrial dis
tress resulting from the inability of the
Porto Ricans to market their goods, ow
ing to the withdrawal of the Spanish
market, which was their former reliance
and to our own tariff. The secretary says
It is essential that Porto Rico should re
ceive substantially the same treatment at
our hands V* she received from Spain
wfcil* a colony, and that the markets of
the United States should be opened to
her as were the markets of Spain and
Cuba before the transfer of allegiance.
Concerning Cuba, the report says the
control which we are exercising in trust
for the people of Cuba should not, and,
of course, will not be continued any
longer than Is necessary to enable the
people to establish a suitable government
: to which the control shall be transferred,
' which shall really represent the people of
Cuba and be able to maintain order and
discharge International obligations. That
government, when established, must solve
or Cubs the problems we are to solve as
to Porto Rico.
The conduct of the Cuban people Is said
to be admirable. There have been.agita
: tors, but the substantial body of edu
cated Cubans has shown Itself to be pa
triotic, appreciative and . helpful, while
the treat body of uneducated Cubans has
been patient and law-abiding. It Is point
ed out that the Inability of two-thirds
of the people to read and write, their lack
of experience In government and the fac
tional feeling left by bloody conflicts
make it necessary to proceed somewhat
Slowly In the formation of a government.
It Is said that by the termination of the
year allowed by treaty for the Spanish
population to. elect whether to become
Cubans or remain Spaniards, It will be for
the first time possible to determine who
are Cuban citizens entitled to take part
In that government. By that date— April
11 next— the census will have been com
pleted and we shall be ready to provide
for municipal elections, placing local gov
ernment In the hands of th.- citizens, and
these local governments will form a rep
resentative convention to frame a consti
, tution and provide for a general govern
' ment of the island, to which the United
States will surrender the reins of govern
ment. - ■. ~ : , , .
The Secretary devotes some attention to
j the unfortunate plight of. the Cuban bu
j gar producers, owing" to the competition j
of Euiopean beet sugar, with possible
free sugar from Porto Rtco and discrimin
ating duties In favor of West Indian su
gar He shows that, paying our duty, the
t üban sugar would realize but 2.69 cents
per pound for the producer, against 2.71
cents for the German, and suggests as a
curative measure some tariff arrange
l by which Cuban products may be
imported Into the United States on the
same term? as those proposed for Ja
maica in the pending reciprocity treaty.
tx tended statements as to government
in the Philippine* are waived because of
t ie full r.] I( ,rt whkh will be presented by
• Rtlfppine Commission. Reference is
ie negotiations between General
and the Sultan of Sulu, and it is
pointed out that it is not only subjeot to
resslonal approval but the Sultan has
Informed that such approval should
with it the cm, sent of the
I nlted States to the existence of slavery
fn the !'-'.;ir..l.s.
A strong recommendation Is made for i
the laying of a Pacific cable as a matter
of great military and political importance.
The cost of such a cable Is placed at not :
exceeding $8,500,000. running by way of
Hawaii. Wake Island and Guam, from
San Francisco to Manila.
The Secretary deal* In a forceful man
ner with the subject of post exchanges.
He expresses hi* agreement with the con
struction of the statute on this point as
laid down by the Attorney General, and !
produces statistic* from the United States
forces at posts and elsewhere to show
that the overwhelming testimony of
the army Is to the effect that
the present regulation has promoted
the temperance, discipline, morals and
1 health of the enlisted men and that in the
Interest of morality and effective service
it should be retained. The Secretary
says:
The political question to be eonuldered It not
whether folders .-!. uld drink or not drink but
whether they should be permitted to drink beer
in camp, surrounded by the restraining influ
ences of discipline ,in. i pood association, or
w i!* t , hrh ' r th»v -no uld be driven to drink bad
wnlskjr In the vile reports which clutter around
the limit* of every military pom and camp and
especially around those in which prohibition la
maintained. I have no doubt that the present
regulation furnishes th« wise answer to this
question.
Under the head of river and harbor
improvements the Secretary. while
characterizing these estimates as gener
ally meritorious, say* that he has felt it
necessary, in view of the extraordinary !
appropriations for military purposes, to
reduce the estimates of the chief of en
gineers from 121,908,821 to $14,593,741.
•nlier recommendation* are that Gen
oral Shaftor should be retired with the
rank of major general, and that a statute
01 General Grant should be erected in the
national capital.
one of the most Important chapters of
the ■ port deals with the subject of army
reorganization, and on this point the Sec
retary makes some radical recommenda
tions, pointing out the Inadequacy of the
present system and Insufficiency of the
force. Starting with the promise that the
real object of having an army is to pro
vide for war. and thai the regular army
would never be by Itself the whole ma
chine with which war would be fought,
the Secretary proceeds to outline a
scheme of reform supported at each stage
by Huecinct argument to demonstrate Its
necessity. He first lay* down the neces
> sity of a systematic study by responsible
ofllcers of plans of action under all con
tingencies of possible conflict, and point.*
out the lamentable disadvantage we are
in in this respect, as shown by our past
experience, more especially with regard
to the mobilization and encampment and
training of volunteer troops. Next there
should be ample preparation of material
of war, keeping pa. with the progress
of military science and avoiding the state
of unprepared ness in which we were
found at the outbreak of the last war.
This should be thew business of competent
men. There should be an adequate
process of selection according to merit
and effectiveness among the officers of
the army, so that men of superior ability
and power may be placed in position of
responsibility and authority. Fourth.
; there should be ample exercise and train-
Ing of the army in the movements of
large bodies approximating war condi
tions. -V ••'
lt Is recommended that an army war
college i"- established. Including the major
general commanding and composed of the
heads of staff departments and a number
of the ablest high ranking officers In the
army, and to this college should be en
trusted the execution of the plans laid
out under the foregoing four heads. Every
officer below the field officers not a grad
uate of the service schools should receive
Instruction at this college. All staff ap
pointments should thereafter be made
from the line of the army for only a fixed
period of say four or live years, the older
to return to the line at the end of that
period, and these staff appointments
should be made on the war college records
of efficiency and fitness, making allow
ance for gallant conduct In the field, and
excepting only tho technical branches of
engineer, ordnance and signal service.
The present system of promotion by sen
iority should be modified as to officers be
low field rank by dividing the promotions
between those based ' on seniority and
those based on efficiency and gallantry.
Staff appointment* and line promotions i
other than those for seniority should be
made by board officers based on efficiency
and records.
There should bo active co-operation be
tween the army and navy In the matter of
their respective war colleges to provide
for Joint defense and action.
The artillery branch of the service
should have a head, a member of the war
college, and on the staff of the major gen
eral commanding, and the Inspection
corps should be Increased.
Turning to the volunteer element, which
must be relied upon to supplement the
regular army in case of war, the Secre- .
tary lays stress on the Importance of pre
serving the same forms of discipline, j
using the same arms and generally Insur
ing that the united body shall be homo
geneous when assembled. ' This matter j
should receive the especial attention of i
the war college, which should invite the I
confidence and co-operation of state and
military authorities, and open Its courses ,
of Instruction to national guard officers. I
In this way. the Secretary foresees, an
elastic machinery will be provided, so that
when war threatens and long before It is
declared the multitude of men who are to j
do the work of organization may know i
without waiting for an act of Congress ]
what will be required, of them when the '
hour striken and may be engaged In the '
quiet and deliberate preparation for neces- i
sity in advance of action to prevent con- '
fusion and mistakes.
The Secretary declares that the faith
ful and efficient services of the West
Point graduates -since the declaration of
war with Spain have more than repaid
the cost of the military academy since Its
foundation, and he asks for a consider- ,
able Increase i n the capacity of the Insti
tution and the number of Its graduates.
The. report draws to a conclusion with a
splendid tribute to the army's showing
during the past two years and irlves credit
to the officers of the volunteer force for
a large pr»»»r<» ln*thtn Tht*v»ment.
HIGH COURT WITHDRAWS
UNNECESSARY WITNESSES
General Rojfet Describes the Demon-
stration After the Funeral of
President Faufe.
PARIS, Dec. l.— The Senate as a high
court to-day by a vote of 134 to 98 granted
the public prosecutor's request to with
draw some of his unnecessary witnesses.
Counsel tor the prisoners objected on the
ground that they wished to cross-examine
some of them. The reading of the court's
decision evoked violent protests from the
prisoners, who made a terrible din. Coun
sel for the defense asked that one of th«
witnesses be heard, and the court amid
great excitement retired. After a few
minutes the public session was resumed,
and M.FaHcres, president of the court,
announced that he had decided that there
was no ground to deliberate on the count
ell request and ordered that General
K S.? et be cured as the first witness.
The general described the demonstration
of February 23, at the time the troops
were returning from th* funeral of Prest
,nt w Faur '. and • said M. Deroulede
clutched^the bridle of his horse, which
reeled.- General Roget added that he laid
Ms sword hand on M. Deroulede. who re
leased hia hold. The general did not hear
■M. Derouled* address th» troop*. •
HITCHCOCK URGES
PENSION REFORMS
Would Drive Lawyers
Out of the Field.
REPORT OF THE SECRETARY
ARID LAND QUESTION GIVEN
CONSIDERATION.
Head of the Interior Department Rec
ommends That the Government
Provide a System of
Irrigation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Dec. I.— The annual
report of Secretary of the Interior Hitch
cock, made public to-night, while sum
ming up the work In all the bureaus, is
of especial Interest by reason of Its state
ments regarding pension policies. At the
close of the fiscal year there were 3?1,r>19
pensioners, a decrease of 2195 during the
year. The average annual value of nil
pensions was $132 74. The Spanish war
probably will Increase the pensions dur
ing the coming fiscal year. The Secretary
concurs In the recommendations provid
ing that no pension be granted to com
mence prior to the date of filing the
claim, and urges legislation to definitely
construe the act of June 27, 1890, relating
to widows' pensions. Regarding this he
says:
In order to more exactly define the
word* "means of support," I approve the rec
ommendation of the Commissioner of Pensions
that the act of June 27, IS9O. be so amended
that a pensionable status be granted to widows
whole income. Independent of the proceeds of
their dally labor. is not in excess of {250 per
annum.
The report recommends legislative au
thority for biennial examinations of pen
sioners; legislation prohibiting the ->ay
ment of "any compensation whatever 10
pension attorneys and agents for any
service in connection with any claim or
proceedings under the pension laws, ex
cept as such may within certain limits be
fixed by Congress."
Secretary Hitchcock makes public an
advance report of the Maritime Canal !
Company of Nicaragua dated December
4 next, setting forth that since the or
| ganization of the company 10,145 shares of
the capital stock have been subscribed
for at par, amounting in the aggregate
to the sum of $1,014,500, of which amount
H,008,8)0 has been paid Into the treasury
In cash; that there has been paid Into trie
treasury from other sources $155,776 51.
making the total amount of cash received
1,161.600 61. The company has paid for
property', work and labor done and ma
terials furnished In the construction of J
the canal and in administration $1,601.
772 70 in cash, 31.9 M share* of the full paid
capital stock of- the company of the p«tr
value of $3,199,000, 1150.000 of its first mort
gage bonds and its obligations for $6,7u.>.
uMt of tin- said first mortgage bonds. It
has also issued 180,000 shares of Its capital
stock of the par value of $1fc.000.000 in pay
ment for cone— rlßhts, privileges,
franchises and other property.
The liabilities of the company consist of
amounts still due under the concessions
granted to the company, of the $5,71)5.000
of bonds before mentioned, the said bonds
being due to the assignee of the Nicar
agua Canal Construction Company for
work and labor done and materials fur
nished in the execution of the work of
constructing the canal, and other such lia
bilities outstanding and unpaid, to an
amount not exceeding $200,000,
The assets of the company consist of 1U
unused capital stock, the $.*>IS.DOO flrst
moitgage bonds and the 2420 shares of
capital stock received In liquidation • as
aforesaid, the concession, rights, privi
leges and franchises which it now owns,
and the plant, equipment and other prop
erty In Central America.
The Congressional assertion of its right
to determine the' line of canal - through
Nicaragua and Costa Rica under the con
cession of the company, according to the
company, caused uncertainty as to the
location of the rrtute, and. with other
causes, has made the resumption of the
work of construction Impossible. The
company incloses two formal protests, one
dated December 2. 189S, and the other Sep
tember R. 1599. to Secretary Hay. against
the agreement by the Nicaraguan Govern
ment for another canal concession, in vio
lation of the rights of not only the com
pany but of the United States and Costa
Rica. . .-
The report estimates the Irrigable area
of the arid region of the Unltod States at
74,000,000 acres, capable of comfortably
supporting, under a proper Irrigation sys
tem. 50.000.000 people. Reasonable expend
itures by both the Federal and State Gov
'. ernments looking to a well-defined irriga
i tion system are urged. Nearly fifty pro
posed new forest reserves or additions to
thoje already established are under con
sideration. V»
! The Dawes commiPslon reports that the
time has not yet arrived for the installa
tion of a Territorial or State Government
In Indian Territory, owing mainly to lack
of uniform land tenures.
Attention Is called to the« phenomenal
Increase In railway traffic In the last two
years, amounting approximately to an In
crease of earnings In 1R99, over 1599. of
$<Vnon <y>o. and of the previous year to $23.
000.000, the Increase bring only limited by
the lack of cars to carry products.
JOSEPH N. SHAW DEAD.
Was One of the Pioneer Merchants
at San Jose.
RAN JOSE. Dec. I.— Joseph N. Bnaw,
a pioneer resident of this city, died last
night at his residence at 310 St. John
street. lie was the first Ice dealer of this
city, but a few years ago ietlred from
business. He wan a native of New York
and 68 years of age. Two grown sens
survive him.
9 — *^ .# . pc^/^P
An Excellent Combination.
The pleasant method and beneficial
effects of the well knowu remedy,
Syki'k or Figs, manufactured by the
California Fio Sykut Co., illustrate
the value of obtaining the liquid laxa-
tive principles of plants known to be
medicinally laxative and presenting
them in the form most refreshing to the
tast* and acceptable to the system. It
X the one perfect strengthening laxa
tive, cleansing the Hy&tem effectually,
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
gently yet promptly and enabling one
to overcome habitual constipation per-
manently. Its perfect freedom from
every objectionable quality and sub-
stance, and its acting on the kidneys,
liver and bowels, without weakening
or irritating them, make it the ideal
laxative.
In the process of manufacturing figs
are used, as they are pleasant to tho
taste, but the medicinal qualities of the
remedy are obtained from senna and
other aromatic plants, by a method
known to the California Fig Sykip
Co. only. In order to get its beneficial
effect* and to avoid imitations, pleane
remember the full name of the Company
printed on the front of every package.
CALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP CO.
. . . BAN FUANCIBCO. CAL.
XAXTZBVXZXS, XT. ITBW TORK. W. T.
Sue sale by ail Drucgists.— Price SOc per botU*
STRAPPED CHILDREN
TO THEIR BEDS
Mary Cannon Migh)t Be Sentenced
to Prison for Nearly Two
liuQdred Years.
BOSTON. Dec. 1.-Mary Cannon was to-day found guilty on 63 count* of
cruelty and abusing the child inmates oi her "home" Th.< maximum pen
alty on each count is three years. io If .«hp ha.l re.-Hve.l the full limit of
the law she would have been ordered to imprisonment for 189 years The
court, however, gave her only six years, savins that n-.thin* should b<
by way of more punishment, as it would be dim- ult to unfit moving In a
spirit of r*T*nft, and the court could not do anything In a *pirlt of revenge
The only consideration was the protection of children in other Institutions
The prisoner was practically convlrte.l oa her own evidence i.f strapping to
their beds for whole days and nights little children of five years and beat-
Ing them over the head and shoulders with straps. The prosecution was
brought about by a daily newspaper.
ROBERTS NOT
TO RECEIVE THE
OATH OF OFFICE
Will Be Challenged at the
Bar of the House ot
Representatives.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON, Dec I.—
Brißham H. Roberts, Repreaentatlve
olect fr-im Itiih, will be stopped at the.
bar of the House of Representatl'- •
Monday next when he present* hln<»elf
to take ih | oath of oftlce.
An objection will be made, probably by
Representative Taylor of Ohio, to his
taking the oath and it will b« sustained
by Speaker Henderson. L'j
A resolution will be introduced cfter
the remaining members have been sworn
setting forth in Its preamble that Mr.
Roberts is ineligible to hold the ofllee
to which he has been elected on . the
ground ihat he Is a violator of the laws
of the United States, which prohibit
polygamous practices. This resolution
will be referred to a special committee,
to be appointed by the Speaker, and an
investigation of Mr. Robert's case will
be begun without delay.
This Is th« programme decided upon,
to-night at a conference of Republican
Representatives-elect In the room of the
committee en interstate and foreign com
merce. The conference was called by
Representative Hepburn of lowa, and was
attended by between thirty and forty
leading Representatives of the House,
among whom were Messrs. Henderson of
lowa. Payne of New York. Cannon of
Illinois, Orosvenor and Taylor of Ohio
Dalzell of Pennsylvania and Powers of
Vermont.
Powers presided. The conference last
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Blouse Suits, $5.00.
for boys 4 to 10 years, Actual retail value f6 to 17.50.
Retail value: $7.50. middy suits for boys } to 9
ta niv A■> ma years. First-class as to fabrics,
iU'IMI — BIT nn fit and fashion—thoroughly well
Till II P. M. O J 1 11 U made I "'ortment large and satis-
_, .., " fvintj
First-class all-wool materials, cut TODAY, till 10 p. m.
In the very latest styles. No goods retailed outside of city
• 4 ~".* and suburbs.
Brown Bros. & Co. Brown D^ &Co
Wholesale Manuf.ct.mrs of Clothing. UIU V" Ul UD# Vl/ (
R»Uilm "Offset from Mill to Mtn." A" m .V, ,' iC t o< Ck>« i
121-123 SansomeStreet .o/'ioq c^ " omM " 1 *£"' I
I _^__ m- _______________^^^ 121-123 Sansome Street
OCEAN TRAVEL. OCEAN TRAVEL. ' •
Pacific Coast Steamship Co American line.
|^ Steamers leave Broadway HIW TO*X. IOOTHAMfTOS. LOHDCS. Mill
rflfc^Bw wharf. Han Kranolacu: Rtnpplnc at (herb, urf, weatbound. ) '»
IRIUk. For Alaskan ports. 10 a.m.. From New York Kvery WeineaUjr, i: a. m.
IVo1b« RT C *• 7 - U - 1T - n - V - Jait l - Pt Paul Not. I Bt. Leula De*. 1|
amSsnSl eh " n «* to company's .team- Ht- Loui Nor. 22 Ft. I'aul Pan. XI
HKiti&SM "For 1 Vl?tor*a. Vancouver "*• I ** U ' DeC ' * Ntw lor * J **- '
ir^^^^Hß (».° C.). Port' Towni*^d! U ?" RED STAR LINE.
attle. Tacnma. Everett. Ana- New York and Antwerp
v* n , d A NtW 0 ? l^rntn New Tork. Every W#4ne*lay. U twxm.
(Wash.). 19 a m . D««. I. T. rr1 ,, lBB(1 Nor. » K*nsln«ton Nor. a
U, 17. a. tl, JW»« 1, •?? • ! rjr fifth day there- Bouthwark Nov. IS N'nordland t)««. «
after, change »t fl*attl. to this c m an ' r ■ We»ternland.. ..Nov. a Frtealaad ....D««. U
steamsrs for Alaska and O. N. Ry.: at Tacoma FMPIRR LINE.
to V P R'y * » l Vanc«niver to C. P. Railway bmFIKB LIMU.
Vnr Eureka (Humboldt Bay), I p. m . Dec. S. Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
10 18. 10. H. W. J»n. «. »nd «»»ry fifth day For Mil Information r»f»r<lln« rretcbt a«4
thereafter. ' ' " ' _. ' _ pa#sa«s apply to
For Santa Cnii. Monterty. Ban Blinoon. Cayu- i>rrERS'ATTONAL NAVIOATION COMPANY.
co«. Port Harford (San LuU Oblspo), Oarlota. go Montromerr St.. or any of Its a«-nc!»».
Banta Barbara Ventura, HUeneme. Pan Pedro, . ■
East San Pedro <L*>e Anirelee) and Newport. •
a. m.. Dec 1..«. 10, 1«. M. ». M. 10. Jan. t. r*yr\\Tf\ ITlC*J*\l IT 1 ipn 1
ssa ■a&'sssrsß .. „»-. «.*. TOYO KISEN KAISfIA.
ford (Ban Luis ObUpo). Santa Barbara. Port * w v Mlwli " **x»*k/*mt»i
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Annies), 11
a. m. Dee. «. ». 11. 11. W. U. lv. Jan. 1. and STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
every fourth day thereafter. vn « of First and Mrannan streets. Ip. m..
For Ensenada. Mardaler.a Bay Ban Joae del for YOKOHAMA ami lIONOKONO. rants* at
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata, La Pas. Santa Rota- Kbbe (Hlo«o). Nafaaakl and Mhanfhal. an 4
It* and Guayma» (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each connecting at Hontk>.n« with »l»«mtri fur
month. India, etc. No cargo received on board a* day
For further Information obtain company's of sallfiig.
fa \A . r AMERICA MARU Thursday. Dm. tl
The company r...rre. th. right to Changs HONOKONOTJAIIU T 2"?*> £•» "
without pr-vtous notice steamers, sailing data. NIPPON MARL........ .......... r«b. I
__ . y, n)lr . Nt saltlnsr ' Honolulu.
TICKET orriCß— 4 New Montgomsry Raund-trlp tickets at reduced rate. For
■tre* " (Palace Hotel) Moni«w^ry freight and passage apply at company's efnee.
19 Market »t . San Franciaco. W. H. A\ CRT f>n«traj Agent.
THE 0. R. &N. CO. tffmglHSa m vr "«,? «*':-■« * ':-
■ DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO afjfliLi Wednesday. De«. U.
PORTLAND KUL^N 'VI-m^po-^..
Frrm Srear-treet Wharf at 1. a m igSflf oMlSnlD'-' A^kuM^foV-rdney
FA DC 8 1» First Clan. Inclu1!n» Bert* T**tr fofnß?f?tK Wednesday. Dee. V.
rflllL $8 Second Class and Meal*. r- .»* iwiiigQKtT „•p. m. » •
COLUMBIA.. November » _ rr * rortt « Un « Round th» World, rta Hawaii.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA November 24 ■•rnr.a. New Zealand. Australia. India. Sues.
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Uutte. E "« i fJ^ - •£/ '"i "7 1 « !a«.
Helena and all points In the Northwest. 10. SPRCCKELS a BROS. CO.. Aatt.. 114 Montjom«n
Through tickets to all points East. flat 7, Foot Pacific 51 FrtightbMct.927 Marlat St
E. C. WARD. Oen»ral Agent. !
CM Market st. '
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. : ; COMPIBSII OISZBALE TBIWBITLIKTIQOI
______^__^__^__^ M j > jJy^"" t _* ' i DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE V r £\fa
BAT AND RIVER BTEAMERS Raturfay* V fr. m N U vZm*Nfr Tim. at V*W
. . — — — :— — — — 10 a. m from Pier 41 North River, toot of
■•Ann m .Him i/iftn lun ifilirm Morton st. LA NORMAN'MK. Nor. II; LA
i FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO. oabcocne. not. » & touraine. .not.
run Ut «• nmi a iiinu nnu Tftkbuvs M . BBETAGNE> p^. r First.ei%ss . to
Steamer .Monttca.l*. ... Havre M 0 and upward: & per -ent reduction on>
MON.. Tues. Wed.. Thurs. and "at. at tv round trip. Second-clas* to Havre. US. | p...-
a. m.. 3:15. 1:30 p. m. (ex. Thura. night). Tr\- cent reduction on round trip. GENERAL
days. 1 p. m. and !:>•: Sunday.. 10 » a. m.. I AOENCT FOR UNITED •TATE» AND CAN-
p. m. Landing ani office. Mlislon-street Dock. ADA. I? Broadway (Hudson butldtns;). New
Pier No I. Telephone Main IK*. Tork. J. F. FUOAJSI A CO.. Pacific ' Coast
FAR 3 .' Ma I Ag«nu, I Montgomery art.. Ban FrancUco.
?lli for two hr) " * an<l a half - Taylor of
Ohio, who l* chairman of the cotnmlt
l^i £ n elections In the last House, to
which all petition* and protests then re
ceived against Roberts were referred. an«l
who at the request of Henderson he*
looked up precedents and made an ex
haustive study of the case, had the floor
most of the evening. He contended for
the programme which was finally adopt-
He was opposed to Cannon of Illinois
and others who Relieved that Mr Kob
erts should first be allowed t<J tako hl«
seat and that an Investigation, should
then be ■mart*' and that be should bo ex
pelled If th» charges could be rustalned. •
BRADLEY NAMED FOR
THE VICE PRFSIDENCY
Kentucky Will Send a Sclld Delega
tion and Ohians Also
Favor Him.
CINCINNATI. Dec. 1.-There Is a more
inent on this aide of the river as well as
In Kentucky to present the name of Gov
ernor WO. Bradley for the nomination
for ,). Ice President on the next ticket with
McKlnley. - •
Soon after the election of Governor
Bradley four years ago there were fac
tional troubles that defeated Dr. Hunter
as the Republican caucus candidate for
Senator, and theae factional troubles
continued until Governor Bradley recently
took the field for Taylor for Governor. It
Is said now that there will be no doubt
about Kentucky sending a solid dH»g-a
tlon to the Republican National Conven
tion in the Interest of McKlnley and
Bradley.
Drowned in a Wreck.
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 1- During a tog
the schooner Clara, from Cape May with
a cargo of sand, while at anchor In the
Delaware River, near Chester. Pa. was
run down by the Philadelphia and Balti
more steamer , Er » c "°n. The schooner
was cut in twain and three sailors of the
schooner were drowned.
Killed by a Train.
LOS ANGELES, I*c. L-Tb* bodr of
fr^nm" A?'" 1 ""A" was F " lt h<%r « to-day
from Acton. Ho was run over by a.
Southern Paclflc «™m lh|a mor *| *
v, Ot V ce * s ere Ntm4 and he died short
ly after. He was *t«-allnr a ride.GARDNER DETERMINED
TO VINDICATE HIMSELF
But for This Reason His Attorneys
Would Have Taken Advantage
of Bell's Admissions. !
I JUDGE E. A. DAMS, Before Whom Buchaaaa Was t
• Tried for Murder. 7
■
-
-
RIOTING
NERVES
A - * » • a. A
z*rr~a. «i.'-«.«tnl
s«rr»a, s-r;txs;«
»- mm vzvC-ovt
a«r»ea. 11 ycur
-. .a _-« tw.icX
jrear base* trtm-
ft.e. yocr *y»i:iia
cuit«t. yuar J:e*rt
Satten. rsu ta.rm
r -; 'i 13 exn ar
a ffeUaj of c*s-
era: '--.* :s- :-..
t^i-s beware. Tor
gj'rerraa aai
;i:ciTc=» •?. *. 7
»rli*. D o 3 ' t
casrt eocpl^t*
2 t jit.'a.? '. ."Mi. a^n-
tal r.-Mi3i«». heart
cr <:•. -a. trrcsica.
K-'trajj c-^rta all
••■ « zerr* COB-
liituian aa *aat
K^atSon*<i; alao
i»< > »ia.^jw. n*. !;
ir.lljm «y.». fij j ;
cu*t»M ta««-3«.c«.
J. r«:*c^«t. ««sa.-
<-r»"ca. 2*. «:
paua la ■ -•«
r - 1 3. •• t. v»|
r«i-.-:s ta >:fata.
s*^ ". a. a-jd-
raa a^a-, amr-
oc« •sr*.ta..V.:ty
sl»b a^4 *oe*s
»H!» bP".k«S-<>ow3
cccact3t;cß«. tiu
•• a t 11^.17*3.
wfii r«-
fcc:..l y-,ur .y^
r
«. hemiThy ajp»-
Ct«. Haiir»a !«
» crtsie rwcira-
tl»» of vic&i
■ .-
yjrrr.
L.i raawaaaa
th» bowei» aad
-
■
k.— 3r2ma «. 1 1 '
3a orfasa af tie body. Tsr s»a*ral i<tbii:t7 '
iSi! »a R» c^ssjilcariocji ao r«a«»Iy »<:ua.U '
X J-lrma. K^iJy*a !■ a -r«::; . . cur^-* p^..
a*a*st car*. IT ytw m.T"- W .- a.xr of ti« I
'»"■• «Tiiptji=« jrt ITi(i7»3 at one«. Harfy.., !
iv irzgg'.wtM, S3c a ptduf*. «ix p*rlcx««». n M I
U y*«r dr-ierlrt <!o«^ aot ki^p Hsdyaa mb 4 1
i:.r^^t ta «<y» 3 i<t-r*a B«2i<~ly Co.. cx». st3cic- 1
t=e. e::^ Marine •erwea. Saa TVaactseo.
CC^rTTLr HTOTA.V DOCTORS ABOTTT
TCm CAS3 rSEE CT CHABSS. CAU. Oa
warrK.
ocxon the ccurt at this tin*— whether
Buchmna is new a sane maa. sot wsetiei
t* «jj ins&n* at tie tim* of Lie court's
;udjnit?at. We are net gcia.? tj axt^-i
that ;*:djrm-T.t. We are nouad tj admit
tie c;rre<rta<rss ci that judsm^r.t. If th«
ebTsicUsa at that daw claimed that
lusS. Eu.rhaaaa wu sult-rins Ir:m aa :a
ct.r»ti^ class cf ta*an:ty we c!a:ai they
w.»re pfsralren. .We dih that be ha*
mt recnvKreti. — JM^s-y thiak we waul*!
aam Into court ar.d char** Dr. Gardner
xr.d the ether prominent peysicians or
zj.'iLzg part la. a conspiracy cf this kiad?
~w« do say. however, that Bucnoaaa
feas recovered from tfee ejects of his loaj
period of :r. Ju:«snce la drlax ami that
fe* w£s deran^ec fnm excessive drinit
tss. And new to I? back to Dr. Gardner.
H* <2o*s not reontrt a. vindication. We
only propose 1 1 show that they "srer*;
wraa* m pren^iades ilr. Buchanan la
curable."
Attorney Anderses thea madeiras at
tempt to tr.vclve District Attorney Mc-
Dan:el la the alleged coasplracy. "Mr.
ilcDaaiel." he said, "made certain state
rmmtt oa the witness stand. It wu at
least to be iaf»rre<l iron them thar the
satire proceedings up taere were axaiast
his ;■: isrneat and should never have been
taiaa. We are con&deet that we cam
prcv* that the pro ceedia^s were approved
by Mr. McDaaieL who was afraid that
Buchanan wodd set up a defease of la
s.ir.itv and 50 free. We thiak this evi
deace- should fee admitted to refute the
insinuation, cf Mr. Bell an<l of the press."
Jud;» Joues permitted the proceeding
tfl be reai. but there was cozhmg ia them
ta ih«rw that McDaalel was la ar.y way
a party to the insanity matters." The
proce-dinjrs showed further that all the
members uf the Lcaacy Camaiiialca trera
of the oplnloa that Buchaaaa was Ircur
aSly tasaa-. This cpiaioa vu also r-^ea
ty Dr. E. E. Stone.
la crier to break the force cf his a.2
a::s<.;a cf Buchanaa'j lasar^ty at and
before the t ; a:<* the criaie was coiaailtred
r^:: KSked to be pemitted to expiair! :t.
Ke said. "I dca't kaow how th«* cu^rt
took that— whether as aa adiai^uon of fact
or cf Ufce Ji:di?=>*ct of the court. As your
Honor 'cows, we have no rlyht ta attacic
To this the court replied: "I under
stood that to iaea.l that yoa eoa.<d<*r?il
the teatiaicay cf cne witress siaipiy coa
."irased the t-^tlaioay of the ethers."*
Joseph Jchasca. who has be*aa aa at
teadaat at the Napa tsytom for el?at
years, t^tlf.ed to the fact of Buchaaaa's
capture after tis attempted escape fr»jai
the lastitutlon In Jure. 1337. Part of his
cra^^-exaaslaatlca caused —■.:.-. ajausz
cect to the mdleace.
"Dt«i you thiak hiai lasaae?" asktid
BelL "I dca't kaow," repllori the wtt
a^s^.
"What Is yaur opteJoaTT "I have ao
cptalon. ha*l aca« thea aad have noce
now."
"VT«i:. what do yua think T' "^ enn't
aaswer. I wculc ccasiier that he waj la
sar.e ca that day."
"Aad yet you filled hlai ny w!th IlcuarT"
V«*ltaeS3 had prertously testl!l*d that hi
had accccpaaled Buchaaaa after his cap
tura about St Hefcnm oad Napa aad al
icwed hia prUcr.er to take not leas thaa
half a dcx«a drlaks.
"Tes." aasw-r»d Jchasca.
~Dtda*t ycu teU E. S. B-U that you
thcujht Buchaaaa a saae aoaa?" ~I dca't
rea". eat t«tr. "
Witaess further testlzed that Buchaaaa
was !atczica.ted whea appreheaded. aad
was la about the -i.— • coad:tloa whea he
was returned to the asytsa.
J.J. Flaaijoa. who has Ceea eaiployej «t
the asy'.un f=r tw«at»-three y^ars. testl
f.ed that whert Buchaaaa was returned ta
tne Instltut:oa he violently resisted b«ia2
s-arefced. "I thought h« ni^ht be la one
of tls in«i:s." said th« witaeas. He adaslt
ted oa craaa-eya ml ration that Buchaaaa's
coeduct nitjrbt be cxplafßed by his belay
drunk. "DM rcu think hiaj saae or la
sarer* asked CeiL "I farced ao cpla
ioa," aaswered the witness.
Judar* Jones here tack a har.d la exaas
lalaj th« wlta<33.
"You said. "I did aot kaow but Buchaa
aa had one of bis spells." Did you ever
»»• Burhaaaa la aay violent spell?" asked
the Judjre. "No. sir." was the reply.
L C Gladden testified t.i Buchaaaa 3 at
tenrptffd secoad escape la December. 1257.
aad to ala oSerta* itWilina whea recap
tured.
Jchn Ha.tvk?9. superrlscr cf the male
departaara-c ~~ has ■'-■'-.-- •.--■ ■■: ta
th« Napa asylu= for twenty-one year*.
testlfie.l that te knew of cases la his ex
p«ri»r:c« where patients exhibited no sl^ns
cf lasaalty for a. year or more at a tiase
H* thes cited the cases of Frank Perato
aad one Peterson x« Illustrations wh<«re
the sliras- of lasaaity wen not oaatßMttNt
for !ony y«*rs.
Cuchaaan's ccrrduct la tae »-*y .— i-
c^rdiaif to the witness, has always been
rc'Xi, with one exception. Witness wu
present at an Interview between Dr.
Gardaur and Buchanan la the doctor's
oSc«. during which Buchaaaa cade an
appeal for certain DrtvUeres. aad at tae
conclusion of which Buchanan rot down
en hi* kaees, raised hfc* -■:•■ hands to
heaven aa«i swore br — bcaes of his
dead father that be would be wv«mJ
en Dr. Gardner.
Oa crass-exanxiaatlcn witness -.',,.
to express an opinion as to whether Po
r»u> cr Patersoa were saae or iasaae.
nctwitastaaillnff that he bad cited them
is tasaae men who had Ion? ccnceale<l
all rr.rir. if estaticas of the seata! applica
tion. 5 also i'..r*>: that be knew o£
ao case where a patient bad rone for
■an than fix« rears without showing
wat at«aa of tasaalqr Dr. Rob-rtsca cr
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 2. 1599.
NO ALLIANCE EXISTS
AND NONE CONTEMPLATED
Uncle Sam Not Ready to Enter Into Any Com
pact With England or Germany— Comment
on Significant Speeches.
CAL* '—"- -
■
■
dent. This la the answer cf the ad
ministration to the declaration made yes
terday by Jos*;: Chamberlain. Secretary
cf State for tha British Colonies, that
Ttha union alliance, If you please, be
tween these faro great cation. Great
Eritaln and the United States. Is a guar
antee of the peace cf the world." . It Is.
furthermore. In the nature of 1 reply ta
Embassadcr Choate. who in his Thanis
firins' day speech Last uijht declared as
the keynote cf the occasion. "Let Eng
land and America clasp hands across the
sea and the peace of the world would be
absolutely secure."
Whatever may be the understanding
reached by llr. Chamberlain with Em
percr William durin* the latter's visit
to Queen Victoria, the authorities deciare
that no proposition has be«?*i advanced or
received from either Great Britain cr Ger
many lockinj to an alliance. Secretary
of State Hay said to-day that the state
ments he nil referring to an alliance
in a letter he addr-ssed ti Colonel Cnarl««i
Dick, chairman of the Ohio Republican
State Executive Committee, during the
Ohio campaign, ire as true ta-day as they
were when the letter was written. This
S3 the feature cf th« letter ta which the
Secretary referred:
"Ttere Is M alliance with England aor
with aay power under heavea. except
these known aad published zo the world—
the treaties of criiaary tateraaticnal
friendship f-r purposes cf buslaeas and
ccnanierce. No treaty other thaa these
exists: acae has been su?yested ca either
side: none Is contemplated. It has never
entered Into the mind cf th* Presldeat
aor aay member of th» Gov«rameat to
fsraaks uader aay Inducement the wise
prerept aad example of our father*.
which fcrbai* entanjrli::* alliances with
Eunpeaa pc-xers. I need act dwell upon
this fact. Even the mea who wrote the
Ohio platform kr.-:w th^re Is ao alliaace.
They seek to make capital tn this cam
paign, out cf the undeaiabl-» fact that our
reiatloas with Ea^laad are mere fr.endly
aad more satisfactory than they hay»
ever been before. It Is hard ta tak» such
i chary* -••!•■:.•• ':siy. and If It Is taken se
riously how can It be treated with pa
tience? In the aame of common sense
let me ask what Is the duty of the Gov
ernment If net to cultivate wherever pos
sible ayr»i*able and profitable relations
with ether nations, and If with ether na
tions why not that yreat k:adr»d people
which stands inoc; the greatest powers
cf the world? What harm, what menace
t3 other countries Is there ta this nat
ural and beneficent friendship? Only a
narrow ar.d purblind spirit cculd see la
It aaythiny exclusive. It Is a poor,
starred heart that has rcom for oaly one
friend. It is aot with Enyiaad aloae that
our relations are improving-. We are ca
better terms thaa la the past with, all aa
tions. with Russia., our old-time friend:
with M great Germaa empire, to which
we ar-j t<:und by so -a. - ties: with cur
sister republic cf France, with Italy.
Austria and. in chert, with r;tr? Euro
pean, every Asiatic -atlon. c*^r relations
ar« srowtnjy ta latimacy. In cordiality
every year, aad our friendship Trtta cur
aeiffhbcrs to the south, cf us. frcm the
P-:o Graade to Cape Horn, jrrows firmer.
mere seauiae day by day. Aad why
should It act be so? Every cae likes t-»
be ca rood tenrs wita the peaceable and
Li*r»rmcre, en« cf the members of the
Marysvi::* Lunacy Commission, tcstined
that he *13 *rr.sio7*<i by the prosecution
at the request of Mr. McDonald In the
Buchanan eas« and that he felt com
pelled to 2nd Buchnnon Insane. thou?a
he was prejudiced a?ain?t the plea of tn
<anity. His fee was C*> In the Buchar-aa
case and tv paid by the Supervisors of
Tuba County. He had received no other
fee than this. He twtlSed that an insane
man mi*ht conceal hia delusion dunns
his entire lifetime If no exciting cause
resulted ba Its manifestation.
Dr. Robertson was i.-.<*-i a hypothetical
c^uestlcn. which Included a. history cf Bu
chanan's life up to the present time, as
to the cental condition of such a au a*
described. He promptly repaid: "He U
Insane." and added ti) a. further c.t:estlon
that he was Irrevocably Insane. On cr^s3
exaniination he said he tv ti~?tifyln* in
the intereatj of humanity and not In those
rf Dr. Gardner, and because he believed
Buchanan a most Insane man.
Dr. P-nbertson expre-ssed a hi^h record
for the abilities and moral and s«).-ial qual
ities of Dr. Gardner. H? was then asked
by Attorney Sell whether a man who read
and -compared a text booJc In his nflce
was is competent to pass on Insanity as
a man who Uvetl in an uylum for twenty
four years and studied many thousand In
dividual cases. He replied that the man
who «tud!e3 the Individual ea.*e* was de
cidedly the b»st expert on tr.sa.nlty. This
question was tntended ta make a compan
joq between Dr. Gardner and Dr. Doster.
the latter having acquired hi 3 Itnowleil^e
within the wall* of the Napa Instltuuon
by actual observation of th- Inmates
there. l-l'lv-
Under a most searching cross-exaznina
ticn Dr. Robertson remained unahai.cn In
ni» opinion that Buchanan has been and
ia suffering from a combination of dipso
mania and primary mental deterioration
and 13 atsciutely Incnrabie. X* admitted.
hcwever. that he knew of many persons
similarly aSicted who were allowed to be
at larje. He added that he considered
Btichanan as dangerous as a mad doc tf
he wer« allowed to be at lar^e. Ke ad
mitted he had sometimes been mistaken.
bet he was confident he h.i . made no -ntr
taka In Bccajmaa's case. Adjocrcment
was taken until 9 o'clock to-morrair
morr.l^x. > \
ALL SHIPS FROM SANTOS
WILL BE DISINFECTED
Zxtraordiiar7 Prwra'aticns TakKi at
!*••*• York to Prevent the In
trodactioin of Plague.
NITW YORK. Dec. I.— Dr. Doty uav
out the fono-wtei? statesient la relarlan to
the detained steanjer J. W. Taylor to
night:
"I have h-retofore ref-ised to &t» any
decision concerning the steamer unta all
the coffee was discharged and the disin
fection completed. An Inspection, of th«
vessel show* that th>s dUJnfectlcn was
thorough and complete. O-wlng-. however,
to the fact tha: bubonic ii.-- may b<
transmitted by rats and ot. - vermin
which mijht escape th* {*rmidd*a used
by C«»iin)f to other parts not underrate!*
disinfection at the sam- tim-s. I -m it
proper to keep the Taylor under it. su
pervision at quarantine, where she will b«*
lcade<l from lij?h:»rs befcre sailing from
the pert. I am satisfied that In this way
every precaution has been taken to pro
tect th<* public health.
"Hereafter ail vessels arriving freni
Santo«i, whether there Is Infectious dis
eas* aaoc; the cre-ar or not. will be sub
jected to the lame precautions. The caryo
will be fumigated In the hold, th«c fc«s dis
cfcarxed Into lizhter* and held In tb« open
air for eirht day* from, the time of re
movaL Th«» veaael after dtscharg* of
caryo win Ns kept under the supervision
cf the health aOcm and leaded la the.
stream before saJilnc"
America Ha* Ships to Sell.
LONDON, Dec 1 —Lieutenant J. C Ccl
well. United States naval attache, adver
tises -.3 aiomlsc for btda for the /attad
States Teasels Sdjio and Rock»t. It la
understood that the Xavy Depauu>tat
hopes to Cad a. barer for the Sctylo la
Ecglar.d. •esaM ah« is entitled to «t
Acierltaa register.
LONDON, Dec. L— Roseaery
at Edinburgh this ev-nin? depre
cated Mr. Chamberlain's reference
to France In his ■"--_■-
and said:
""We have no rt^ht to ffo tnto the
fitters to fish uj the derelict preia
of any cotmtry a=d to told It cp to
scorn, or as a active «i our poiicy.
It Is :n:poastt that the Queea
cculd be b-ssnirched by -i at
tacks, which crly -■?«?ctl on the at
tackers: and whatever thed-jraded
outburst nsay mean. It does HOC
represent the best or highest cptn
lan of France. "We have been
over-read 7 to ioct other nations,
and it U no wonder that Great
Eritain Is unpopular abroad. We
trust that thij undiplomatic frank
ness will cease, for these stin^in?
wcrds rankle lan^ afterword, and
It is not for atiiesmea to speak
under the passing Irritation of th«
ccnient."
the prosper • especially tf their prcs
perlty la of a nature that other p-eopi»
profit hy It. aad this Lj precisely ccr coa
ditlon.'*
E.«pecial comment "»as caused la dip-
Icinatic circles by th^ speeches of Em
basaador Cheat* and ilr. Chamberlain.
There Is no doubt tftat tha admiaiatra
tion wcuiil have preferred that Ms.
Choate should not have teen so exces*
siveiy ccrdlal. but It ta not proposed ta
brir; the matter ta hij attention, so far
as I har« been aai* ta learn. Diplomats
rcsard as particularlr st^alicaat the bid
made by Mr. Chamberlain far a German
alliance, and his r»fer*nce tc tha e^iat
ence cf the mest cordial relations fce
t^reen the London ■-.-.-■
ments. While diplomats tier- are Inclined
to discredit the reports that an alliaace
wju perfected between Germaay and Enj.
Land dnrtss the Emperor's Tiait, It Ls
noteworthy that Germany haa consist
ently declined to interfere ta the Trans
vaal, though there is no questloa that
her assent to a prrpositica of this char
acter -xculd be gladly received by both
Russia and France.
What Mr. Chamberlain's purpose was
In threatening seriouj consec^ecces to
France is not known here.
The call of M. Thibet, •-.* French
Chars* d' Affaires, at the Stat4 Depart,
ment to-day save nse to an unfounded
report that he had called to cake In
quiry with respect ta Mr. Choate's re
mar ka.
m
PRESS COMMENT ON
THE WORD "ALLIANCE"
BERLIN. Dec L— The uae cf the word
"ailianca" in Mr. Chamberlain's speeca
i- Leicester ?w« «• !<::g>M* a.'s!Mr«ral flutter
.3. the Gtexniux press. Th« Chauvinist or
rana pretest Tlg~:roT^:y. Tt- Kretis Z<l
time. *"••* criaa of tie m'.iir.nry parry,
»fflß«r.ti wita acorn an.ii .-.ii^Eation.
Dthcr jOTir*:al3. tr.clTicii^s ■-» Left i As-
Eci^er. uuert that the —■*••• ~i .'. Count
ran Etilai» and ilr. Chasxberlaia ta Loa
ion was prcdncttve of results calculate!
to ■zadotHl away seme dlScultles ■»•■-.
tad arj*n in colonial Sat that
so alliance exists, althoujh the confer
ences fcerween the Gerrnaa and British
statesmen at Windsor Castie left an,
PLANNING FOR A
NEW SUGAR TRUST
Independent Refineries
to Be Consolidated.
»
SpecLa! DUuatss to TS* Can.
CHICAGO. Dec. L— The JCrwa says to
•lay: A C2O.oCfl.oflO trust Is in ccotempla
tiun. There is every prospect that the
American Su;rar Company, the Glucose
Ref.ri":g Company and all of the so-called
Independent su;rar refineries will be con
solidated. H. O. Havemeyer of the su
rar combine has. It la understood, secured
in optloa en the Arbuckle Company, the
Doscher concern and the outside plants
tn Boston and New Orleans. This even
ing he wtU. tt is said, receive a definite
proposition from the glucose people, when
his representatives, who left Chicago last
nijht, arrive In New Tcrk. It has been
ascertained that representatives of the
Havemeyer Company hay* been in this
city tn conference with President C. H.
Matthieaen of the Glucose Company for
several days. The result of these con
ferences. It is said, was an option on tha
ffiuccae Interests.
The important feature cf the plant Is
that the American sugar Company will
Increase Its capitalization frcm $73 CCO !)•*)
to 5200.0C0.000. It is understood that Sil -
OOO.'JCO of this will be jiven the s'ucoa't*
people for their plant, and 0.0Ci1.000 to
the outside refiniries. and that th« entlr*
common sucJe o£ the aujar trust will be
put en an 3 per cent basis. The rate of
disbursement en the preferred shares will
not be chans-ed. while the holders of or
dinary wtu be allowed to suhscria*. far tha
new certificates at par.
The capital of the Giuecse Refin^rr
Company is J40.000.000— Cj.00U.000 preferr-d
and CB.0«)O.0CO common, so that the certii
catea will be taken In preaumahiy 4: a.i
av»rxj« of J73 per share.
■When questioned tn reference- ta the
prospective sale of hi 3 company. C H
itatthlesen to-day refused to cUsoiss the
matter, sayins: "Any Iniarmation that
may be of value to the public wtU be
jiven cut at the proper time."
IFSL HOBA&rs WILL.
PATERS ' N. J.. Dec. L-Th- win or
the lat« President, Garret A- lio
bar:. was filed in the Paaaaic County
Sarroyare's ofC to-daj-. The value a*
th- estate !s not fflren. but tt is under
stood to ba about CjOO.GGJ. Q» r*,^ --^Z.
ilrs. Jennie Hobart. th^ *rt<low, r-^'l?M
JI.CHI.COO and on«-ha!f of the -cmai-!:V
after a number of be^uesta are calil thi
son. Garret A- Hocart Jr.. lnheria-x t-ie
other half when he attair.3 his maiortr'y"
St. Joseph'e Hospital, the (J^eral ; Hos
pltal. the Children" s Day Nursery^t. Jol
aeph's Orphan Asylum and Patersoa O-I
phaa Aiytom, all of Pat-rsoa -ic-ive
C0»>0 each. * .ec^ive
Hobart Tnttle. private secretary to G«.r
•ral Vflorhe«s and a brcth*rl?»-ta-r^fl*
the Vice President. recetv»s S3 otii)- a a
WUcox. a dese frlind of Mr. Hobi-^* 4l
c-tves na.a.Q: David Hobart. a bro'th^
of the lat- Vie* President. receivS"^!) -
000 and to each of his two child-e« Is t<.L
«;ueathed CO .OOO. S "^ " B<f -
The executors of the will a- e -.
widotr. Mrs. Jennie Hobart. A. V wit*
cox. H. T. E«U and Colonel Wiiium Bar-
Taken to San Qnenttn.
SALINAS. Dec. L— Gearye ffiim., th«
murderer of Sheriff Farley, made rathe
a sensational departure from his native
towa this momiaz-. It was dedrled to
take him to San Quentln to-day. All the
morning Suisser was cuarre&om- ami
when taken to the train was lilwuJ 'hasti
and Coot. At the station he bid his faai-
*<Viauy - — .. - upon an. As
bearing 1 oa this th« Lckal Anzeiysr adds:
"G^rm.inr and Great Britain are yulded
by th* -»ame sincere wish to remov.: in
a friendly manner occasional subordinate
differences. At the same tine Germany
does not intend to £jht other peoples
battles."
The Vossische Zeitur* «*?» "W» also
wish to j*e Germany, Great Eritatn and
th« Cnlt^l Stales co-op*ratlnjr In all «s
ser.tla.l 'luesticns cf world policy."
PAP.rS. Dec. L— Seme at tne newspa
pers sttach considerable Imccrtance CO
the utterances, cf Joseph Chamberlain at
Leicester yestsrdav aid consider that
they show that Emperor "William" a vl_:lt
to Ecziacd was partially political. Th«
mojcrlty, however, characterise certain
Of Mr. Chamberlain's decUratlccs 4.*
empty thr-ats and regard the su^^-.Jt!rn
cf an alliance between Great Erltam a-ad
th<» United States and Germany as simply
ecc*ntric.
The Matin observes that Mr. Chamber
lain allude to the alUanca i.* an ac
compLsheii fact and as belnx his war*.
and **seizes en the opportunity to atl<ir«»«3
threats to France, which lear^ ca ±3 un
moved aj does the famous prospect ci a
new trlpie alliance."
The Journal ....... cf Admiral
Fovmi'tr'a squadron from the Levant tn
view of "eventualities which may ris
from the rresent antl-Britisu campaiss
tn France."
Admiral Foumier Is en bear! ih<» tbirl
class cruiser Cosmao at Ccn3tantlnaT3<*.
where the Saltan Informally received hrrn
to-day. The rest of the French Ce«t
awaits Admiral Fournier at Smyrna.
The Journal d-is D«*bats sayilt doubM
the existence cf an Anjrlo-Germon ayre^
ment. xs Mr. Chamberlain asserted, and
ad.la that it would b~ cruel and Indecent
upon the part of Emperor William to ac
cept the icclomaticns cf the Dutch and
visit th-lr Que*n If he hod really ai^uni
what is tantamount to the death dscre* cf
the two South African republics. Em
percr WlHaa'i visit to Holland, the pa
••- says, muat mean that h«s has not
taJc-n such on Irrevocable step.
The LiN-r-- takes the matter nor* •*- -
ously and ur^es France to seek alliances
"In vi-w ef a certain eventuality In per
haps the near future."*
LONDON. Dec L— With few exceptions
the aft*rarx:n papers dissent fr-sm Mr.
Chamberlain's An^lo-Sajccn-Teutcnic al
liance speech at Leicester.
The Pall Moll Gazette lay^ stress en the
stronx anti-Genaui prejudice tn Grt*at
Britain, and declares bluntly that Mr
Chamberlain had better keep silent.
The Westminster Gazette tak~» the
s.tme line, holding that Mr. Chamberlain
do*-4 noc represent G»?verr.ment opinion
and pointing out ham offensive th- sp*e.->*
wa« wwar-J France.
The Glebe maintains that ft Is Impos
sible for «j*rmany to ?ive a zizlii. pro cuo
fcr tea r«sp.in»tbt!ities which woalt! ac
crue to Great Britain by such an aiiianri?
The Ev*nmz Standard sayi: -Mr
Chamberlain referred to no alliance br
tr-?ati>is.'* '
The St. Jom^s Gazette says: "3L-
Chamb«*rloin simply expr-ssea Er.^!lah
public opinion, which has con* to r«ait'i»
that with Germany and th^ Unlt^i Scares
we can work. b*»caus»» with thcs« pow^-s
■x-e have a community of In-er-sts and
sentiments, whereas with Russia and
Fnnci* w- have not."
The Sun. the only other afternoon news
paper, takes a similar favorable view of
tha su«est-»-: alliance.
MAY TAKE LEAVE
AS A STRONG PROTEST
- . ? .- , — ._
*?••-."-'. :' •-• =:•-— n< ■••-
I
ti raa
■ ■
1
■
-
Ily K^cd-by. and as a crawl ■miuiuiged
fcta en rout- to the cars he toned an.'
Lrcod-by; I'D si»« you all la the s-ar-et by
a=.l bj. j»n.l I U hay» a hot fire for you Z
M«lff «.eef an.l D^outy SherlTT Farley.
«*• Bcrdered Sher^Ta brother, accoa
par^eii aclascr.
SENT TO PRISON FOR
SELLING BOGUS BUTTER
Philadelphia Dealers in 01«cm«rja.
rine FuaisiiKl After a Long
L«gal Fight.
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. L-Afte- a
leyal battle In the United States court
covering a period cf over two year* Jo
seph WUMns of Washington D C ' ani
Howard Butler of this city "tj-day
sent to prison to serve sentences Imposed
upon them for havir^ violated the law
regarding the sale of clecmar;rarL:-j.
Wllkins was recently sentenced to Im
prisonment for six months ajid to pay a
nne of r^t)o and Butler to four mou-jM'
Imprisonment and a tine of Coy.
Wllkins and Butler were wholesale
dealers in oieonxaxrarine in this cry
They were caujrht in the act of removing
the brands from packages of the com
modity In January. LOT. and were in
dicted at the February session of tha.t
year by the United States Grand Jury
their ccnvlction following shortly after
ward. The case was appealed to the
Unlte«i States District Court of App^iis
md was later taken to the United Stares
Supreme Court en a writ of certiorart.
The appeal failed.
The case Is at national Importance. *s
Wilklns and Butler are the first to b«a
sent to prison for violating the oi-o
margarine law Other dealers convicted
of selling 1 o tec margarine as genuine.
butter have succeeded In yettinj oS wita
*-".« payment of a fine.
PB£VENT BZOBC-A2TEZATIOS.
Pretest d tie TJsited Verd« Copper
Company Shareholders.
NEW YORK, Dec L— Jcat!c« Book
■taver in. the Saar«n« Ca^rt to-day.
jraited a temporary lainscticn ca tie
application of Geor^s -V. Tread-well, a
minority sliarehclder ta the United Verde
Copper Company restraininr Senator
WBHana A Clark and other «ilre<?tor* if
the company rrom selling or disposing
c! the property or assets oj the corpora
tion cr ta-tln? any st^ps to carry out the
proposed plan of reor^anizaUcn. 'L'lie
company waj capitalized with a stock oi
52.Q00.0tX). The minority sharei-otdera rep
resent SXM worth ni sharers. The Injunc
tion ties up the scheme of r-orraniaatiaa
cntl! the cppllcaticn Zz? a coatiruance
of the temporary Injunction has beta de
cided cpon. :^, .;.
•■ —
Cabia-t Defeated-
RISE AN • Dec L— Th« Labor insii
try win be ■borr-ilv^i. Premier Dawioa
on the meeting of the Legislature to-tiay
a-.-.- :-■•-! that he had — r. -: a M.-...« —
and moved to adjccrn cntil Tuesday.
The Hocse. however, by a vote of 31 to
25. refused to '-*» the motion. The Cab
inet was thus defeated at the first slt
'-■"«■
ITiifcio-WTi Suicide.
LOS ANGELES. Dec I.— The bc^7 of
an cnkaoTrn man about 91 years of aye
was and haEjl«r to a tree at HlfhJmaA
Park and brought to the cit7 to-day. a.-
Inquest was held tc-day. bat nothiny was
discovered to identify the man. who evi
dently committed suicide.
Eectricity for Braia.
A Esr?ce*a •deatlsc ■ -i ~« la ■:.».»» £!•«▼
•r*l an apparatus wtica wtn atlnmlac* tIM
brats. It om tea trie* on «e»oc[bay». *s»i
eoiwMCs cC an electric baad. W^ii* kmum
bay« fce-n boar Uvtntlst nrtrratsrut waj« c£
-wtHy tha brata wcrls EcsMKer** Stsoach
Bitters haa tot Cfsr T^»n teen dclajr it aatar
allT- It ewrw <ty»pep»la. •"• ' all -i -
trtmfci<f» mad bntlda ■■ and '-aryrttw _tti« «a
ttrs ajixssx. Tl»r« Is aotMsj "Just v ssoC*
TOSSED FOR THIRTEEN
DAYS IN AN OPEN BOAT
Trying Experience of a Party oi
Eight Which Was Seeking Aid for
the Disabled Steamer Darius,
VICTORLV. B. C. Dec L— Second OCcer
Reslnald Lron Instone. tT?o pO33«»n*-r5
and five Lascars, who volunteered to at
tempt to obtaia assistance far the «*ii
ahied and unmanageable steamer Dartai
whsn her propeller, had gone, had some
sttrrLns 1 adventures, acenrtiinjf to news re
ceived here by the steamer VTarrimac.
which arrived here- to-day frees Sydney.
The steamer broke dowa la September,
whea she carrying 437 horses from
Melbourne to OyLcn for the Indian Gov
ernment, and wh»n it was found that her
tail shaft was broken and she wxs drift-
Eos helplessly Second OCcer Instone. wtrh
his adventurous party. left the vessel ta
en* of the ship's beats tat Peiians. a p4^rt
ca the Sumatra coast, just GO mile* from
the pesidoa the 3team«?r wa3 then la. For
fwslve <LiT3 and thirteen n^hts the little
company aboard the small open boat bar
tied with adverse caies. accompanied by
almost incessant squail* of ram. lat»r
sp*»rsed by several calm and latensely hot
da 73. By way of variety, durin.s oa« spe!l
of wind the boat ran 134 miles fh twenry
fcur hours, which Instone rMn'-t^ v a rec
cri far an open boat at sea.
After having their rudder smashed and
various leaks started in the boat, which
the creir managed to natch up with soap
and a frw screws, and enduring a varlel
assortment of miseries and anxieties, suf
fering from Lick of food and exposure,
they caally sighted a staazner bound west
ROUTED A PARTY
OF HEAD HUNTERS
Mohawk's Cruise n the
South Seas.
- - » 1 . t : - - I
VTtrTOBIA. B. C. Dm. :—-":•- cf
the Eritish maa-of-w-ir Hahawi. wticii
reached Sydney frnna a cruise throuja m*
South Sens, shortly before the VTarrimoo
sailed for this port ffave *n Interesun*
account cf the worsrup's doings la :h*
Soicnica Islands. On the arrival .it P-?n
dova they 'found the plac« utterly de
serted. The cficsrs went shooting alliga
tors near the shore and found the placa
full of gravts, <a«:a having a llfe-stsed
mummy ever It and loofclnif very jrue
■z'.rr-.. Ncwnere were natives td t<? »e«c
From I-iendova tha ship went to Treas
ury Idiand. wr.«?r* it w-u faund that head
huncr:« iiad been eitenaiveiy earned oa
by • the Inhabitants of a :orge villas^
about fly» miles from Slmbo. 'the wawr
was too deep to aiijw of anchcr.n^. so tn«
vessel steamed slowly ao«r:t th* island
On the mcrnlnj after their arrival aa
annetl party wu3 ion-led under Capta^a
Freeman and LJeut-nant Roberts to try
to capture the head hunters. The sailors
marcned \i? Lhrsush the bush to the vil
lage and as vjon as the natives saw them
ccmins they 2ed precipitately la their ww
cances. The party s^architd tn* vl^af* an-I
«Uj*;ov*r»d i#v«ral «^ulis stuck on coi«s.
In a cabin f*o Dutca traders were faun^
Irir.s bound. The^e men. who were ex
hausted tarcujh laclc of fcc«i. w-r» re
leased. A wnaxin^ boat useti by the head
hunters in their expeditions was found
and in it the sailors went aorcsj to wner?
the natives had n>d-
Cv the approach of the blue Jackets the
natives ran Into the bush, leavinx their
Urj-» war canoes behind them. It was
u^ieas to attempt t* follow the natives
into the junkie, so the sailors took their
war canoes an.l towed them over to th«
otter s:d<» of the island, where tr.ey w^r*
smashed v? and burned. The whaler was
also burn-id. The cuno«?s. four in- cum
ber, were each capable cf hcldin* forty
The villa*- was then set oa fir-, and
after It had been demolished the party
returns! ca board after eight hours' hard
marching.
While eff th* Queens Sand cease the war
vessel eaeouutered very hc?avy weather.
Tremendous seas w«r» shipped, which
flooded the cabins, and the hatches had
to be battened down. On- of the ship's
cutters waj stove In and some damar-*
was done CO th<? d<«ck SttJny?.
Charged "With Cozizz&zi'izhig
-
■
■• —
'■'
LOS ANGELES. Dec. L— Edward TWti ;
U rea^a 01-i. was run over by a Southern !
Pacirtc f reUh: train at Actoa this morn- '
tax and nH.-*-ived Injuries from which he •
tii<~l on. reaching this city. Tuft was beat- '
ln^ hi.i war frora Selsaa. where hia j
pareats reside.
-^*"^^^BV *fc22L\^ M *- J * • -^* rf" *■ *.. — ~ T3* 1 *"" \^^^-' "^^y^^B \^G *^rf^sc*i^^^^^^^^^ ■
A Most a.l ta:! :r« r . i- 1 -•■?--.--- j
pH \w w W^ B-t** _
|m |W ■ . ■
S » ' a ■ !
ra \jA , I - *.■■ others.
■3 2^ / ■. I . I ,
■I jfei 1 though we Jo I
w jjfli *- 'I Xostr TttorsW if t«« vial it; «r
■E HEi U; : 1 Get our samp e5. . I
J# Harkrt and T
S| jrjT Cor Powell and Eddy. ;
en the Otis. She passed v»-t close to ti«
boat, sad although the eastern was Cotra
cpside down and other dlatreM «.,-.-_.. j
were made, no notice vu : l.v ■.-. wna:
ever.
The cea wen 133 miles fmta P«»tin*
md were forced t.» continue their battlei
wtta the elements until two day-» Liter.
when, with, the aid cf a blue liatht. they
attracted the attention of the Dutca
jteamer n* ;■•:. after • .-.; fjr • — • time
In unplea«int proximity ta a conster
»harsfc. The rescuis* steadier was *o
small that they were czahie to take their
boat on board, and the tnr«t7 Toya»rr«
wen? forced to abaruiis the rillJ.=t L:::#
i^of:. whteh had carried thee wtihia Ui
While ths cocrasifcns rescue par*.7 un
(ierwent these hardakips those oa Bcari
the Dartrr* were cot la as enviable plljpht.
[a addition to the vess-ei drtJtlnj la ha*' a
iiox*a rftJlerent dlrectirj-s each <!a7 r *h*
us rolling' aail pitches fearfsliy. This
continued natii se^t^nber 3. sev»a dar^
prtcr to the picking c^ of the b»>at. whea
the steani-r t^uii of Ar.cud xv <tjfh:*»J
md slTcaled t.> stand by. An Agreement
was entered into b-7 the zsast-r to u-w
Lhe Darius to Cclosfto. a: which port sh«
j.rrtve.l with her tow oa the 2Ctfe. Instan*
i&l his coTspanlons arrived there t-vzT
lays later. Mr. Inatace. who fcj a N-t»
Zealaader. was presented with a eifcl
racial oj a taken of hi 3 dlscnffsiihed
brarery. La spite c£ the trying ex-ert
feces of the Dortta lie or.Ly !.-»• aevei
:<^*a cf her harjira oa th« rcyaxe.
BRADLEY CERTAIN
TAYLOR WILL WIN
Kentucky Situation Is
C earing.
Ssedx: Dtsrat^a ta The CaX
FBAXKFOP.T. :-:■• Dec. I.— Tn- --«♦
ponement cf the cCclal canvass cf >;>-.
tucky's cubematariai vote uatil ita=«*a7
has. tor the time bei=* at least, cooled
the surcharged political a-- . ■•*- -. •-■■> ta *
very perceptible manner. Is Is act 3i*ly
cow that ther» will be any derelspoeats
until the meeting cf the Election Cans
misslcners. Although the candidates On
Governor are Ux town. they ar- keeping
;uiet and their friend* are following taeir
There Is a deeply settled belief xmcn*
both Democrats and Republicans that tS«
Commissioners wtli not turn the ma:r*r
over to the Legislature, bat will «un»ly
Issue a certificate CO either Gcetel cr Tay
tor- If tt Is j^vea to the fanner, it & pc*
itb!« the matter will end ther<s. as tnanz
cf th« ccaaervatlT* Repustlcana ar^ ni
•-.- opinion -'• la ■■•-■* :'. -i- strong
Do^cratJc cajorltr ta th« L«sts!a:cr«
tt practically wtii b« taclcxf Cm th« R-*
pcotlcans to lo«:5t for xnrthins 13 • - i
>;t:arter. If th« certlicate ycea to Tir
lor. tt Is «rtalni7 probatil* tnat tha tsat
t«r wtU tt takes ta the Le^tstarur*. wh<r«
Go*b»l ir.l7 £nally win.
Th^ P-*pu3lLsu:s. ho-w<rrrr. ar« ty sa
c«aza a unit In farwr cf ahanflcnlnx thi
S?h: at th« dcor cf th-» Legislature. So=«
o: then ar< veheaen; ta their aaaertiors
that th<?7 will not ahandcn th<* ffsnt unt:l
there U no pcsallJtti charce cf Taytcr fc*
l=« Governor of th« Stare. Governor
Bradley has ■:■----, cp hiJ ciir.ii
that aomeboly wtU receive a certiUcat-?
of election, far he was bc3li7 enxa«^<J all
day la packing trp his private prcp«rty la
the State Hjus«. preparatory v a return
to private life.
• ■They ar? caklnx =y last days rmr
harshest days." he said, •'bat I rs*ss
there win {:« no trrscSle- Ther» are too
cnany senslM* men on. both s;des to allow
as-thin^ cf that kind. I really dcn't s«*»
how anything can b*» dene to k<?»»p llr
Taylor frca the chair. H* wi^ jo Is all
rt*ht."
It ts not lik»!y that tho Eecticn Com
missioners will finish thtjir warlc befir*
Tuesday afternoon.
POW2EB KILL ZXPLOOQM
One Xaii Killed at the La^is-Risd
"Works Ls K.irstaa.
coLinrBUS. Ka=s.. Dec. :_— o=* ef tb«
VTorica. four dies ncrti ci t^la pLac«. *v
blown up a: I o'clock this aitemocc Wil
liam Cuafcinas. a xcrkrras. who *aj th«
only person ta the bm'ilis^. was k:"*<L
Two atn wto wer^ warlcl=s ci?ar 67 w»r^
alUfetly t=j*urerl by Crtn^ difcrta. Th*
property 1033 La atcut C2JCQ. Tfce bdl.«
:=^ -leatroyetl was kso»a as the Earr«::
house. seta* on* of th* BMta cSary^
bu1!d1253. aad was a bix struct. - of ima
asd wood, contaislr* valuable niac2i=ery.
Tfee cause ni the «xp!c3;oc Is untoawn.
The shock was f^lr at potsts thirty
cities «Jistant. IB la Coluazbcs yr»at --T
citemer.t was ca'jsed. as t: was thought
easy lives had i**a Test- Tlie dettt* of
the isill was «catt^r»«! orpr a hcsdr^l
acres. A Cr* which "?>ilIow»«J t?!« ex;Io
sloa was «xtlanlate4 by dttserat ,
34
Latest Sporting Events
NOT SUCH
A BAD DAY
FOR THE RING
Lightly Backed Outsiders
Gathered Most of the Coin
at Oakland.
The taJcnt wiiiled away thre* very
Fqualty hours vi ilu* track over the buy
yesterday afternoon. The fields wore
la.rn«' and unwieldy, well classed, and
nobody picked the winners— that is, only
.. few. Herculean 10 to 1. Ostler Joe S.
Mont Kagle 10 and Favcrsham 8 to 1
were four horses which admitted of re
munerative returns, but were only lightly
backed. The tuo.vs.sful favorites were
Tlnnmaker and H.wiiboulla.
Many good things w»-ro played to come
through In the first event, a five furlong
Kramble. for maiden two-year-olds. No
«loul»t the one which carried the most
coin was Frank Phillips' highly tried
EUley filly Alice Dougherty. Quietly
plunged on nt 4 to 1. *-he hit the stretch
fecond to lknu'.ian. Lut could not got to
the big fellow and was beaten four
length*. Olvena landeJ J. V. Hayes in
the hhow at odds of :■■-• to 1.
lilack OMler Joe has proved such a dis
appointment In his recent tacts that in
the belting on the sjirint over the Fu
turity i out so which followed the ring laid
as good as fi and * about him. After
True UJue. a W to 1 outsider, had led io
Xhr paddock, V:ttlt..e came up with Joe,
earning the vet diet easily by a length.
Osculation, tho favorite, was bore «.nd
never cut any figtire in the race.
Albert Simons scored his ilrft win her«
wlih Mont Eagle In the two-year-old
number third on the card. Hindr.o
Princess and liundara. were the pick of a
cheap a*sortment. 7 to 2 being chalked
.- :..-t cither. Bade had the most luck,
and in a drive downed Hindoo Princess a
l«njcth. with Fine Shot a close third.
Everybody pot aboard Timemaker to
wUi her bout, and although kept working
all the time early In the game, the Schorr
borse Dnsily won cleverly, ollnthus came
with <jiilt<« a rueh ufter Ventoro. San
Matfii ;i«.d Tihuron had yrown weary, se
i urlng the place
Uambi.ulla carried the Spreokols colors
to tho front In the thlni two-year-old
dash. Hl* price roevdt-d from t» to T> to 11
to 5. and he w«-nt out and won galloping.
Llanlel t-uccoeded in getting the place
front .■•..•..:...
Quite the most extensive plunge of tlie
<iay was made on Louis Kzell's luaplon&fie
to capture the closing seven furlong run.
From In the price was hammered to 3'?
<"<>!.:<>. \\ 1.0 f.ai'. the mount, was cut off
Hiion after the ptart and the mare never
figured in the chase. Favcrsham headed
t?..- ti.M on th* baol;smtch, and at tne
\Or«> leil La rat or by the judges a head.
Silver Tone, on which Viltltoe pot
pocketed and could not get out until too
late, ran a baru'-up third.
Ti-oxk Notts.
I r
■ 1
■
Phillips
The noxt thoroußlibrt-d Bale or any im
portance will be held on December 14.
ahon the Napa Flock Farm yearlinga will
[losi under the hammer.
Norfoni. a Ijlb bay colt, hy Emperor of
Norf.iik-Mlys I'ora, commanded «orae
tiacklng In the opening e^vent.
Vim Call went to the pust with thr«-<»
of his li--rs In liandages and was ujiable
in ulr up a pallop. He looked a most
dubious ix'ttinp proposlUon.
}■"• r the nccomm«»<latlon of owners
ttabllns «t lufilcside a hone train will
leave that track for Tatifornn ever>
mnn.lne at J> a. m. (»n the return trip It
wiil depart from Tanfuran at 5 p. m
Th«- « ntrl<>s and wolglits for the hurdle
handicap t<< !>»• deildcJ at Tanforan <>n
Monday nrxt are: Grander XSS, I* I* 143.
l>\iU<> of V.rk 140. Hnssmor.- J".. F F IT2.
Major S l^>. J (» <: 137. I'na Colora«l.i 15-i.
Motiitu r.O. Pnneo 12J. l»o< laratlons due
lit Oaldand truck to-day at 2 p. in.
Following are the weighti aSlottrtl in
the mile :m<l nn elfihtli handicap t<» he
n:n at Tanforan next Monday: Solvable
IC2 pounds. Maroato 11.".. Dr. Shepparl 115.
r«pmaft I'. 1 ?. Mtirltiel lo". Itosortnonde !'^7.
[loslnantc IC. L>r. N<mt>ula 107. Zor'»ast« r
in:.. Malay 103. Merry Boy 102. Ostler Joe
l*\ Meadonlborre 100, Forte ■ 100. ():»
ponent l^. Ca«dal« P.">. t'lm PS. Horton !•.">.
J«-nnto Hold Vi. I»are II 92. HlngmasUr ».
IVrKonn«« Srt. Bcarrtnian ■ and Btutts«:t
•it. I>c-c!arut!on» dv« at " p. in. to-day at
Oakland racetrack.
Kntrlfs :a Tanforan In future will close
at 1 p. m. Ir.stead of 2 p. m.
To-Day's Entries.
Plrvt rare-Pi« furlong*; thre«-year-oJfls and
u;.u^nl. nialdr:.*: tellln*.
C!« Avitli.b 107.1 JEST Ft. Arx-«'llnajis..K2
... Vlnrtr-ra m:l ... Kurla \n
n« rionnre rink..lC:i ... Itraw Lacs 107
jr. J»rl jn-: 370 Wild Het 107
t» My Dear l«j BSS IVlecta 10$
Perrr.a r«ce -SU furlonc»: three-j-ear-olds and
K4 Anchored 1821 tU BHI H0ward. ...107
SH M«rr!"t Sloi SM) l«»l Olrl 107
3«2 ivtnl It? >4 Sylvan !.«<■»■... .in!
W Mwiwy !■'.'.! 574 I'«11M« K-2
Srt Terr-re ml, ?W \\ I .»>!. i- k 102
<ti Rio <-»ilco lC3j IA I«tUlan 1«
::» i:i Salado la:' Cl Aluminum , 107
TtilrJ roec-One mile nnd a »is!f mites: sell-
In*: four-}«"nr-old« and upward.
2»J Tern <'alv«-rt ??| 2".-i Mcsdowthorpe ..110
2^« Oranirer «! 2iS IV-n Vallejo irr»
V% l>r. Herna»»....injj 837 llMly McClofkey.lC2
£ttCoa * 'iiL
F.iurth ure- Futurity course: two-yemrK>ias:
ZH Artilleryman ...rX;<SSC)Vellow Tall 10S
sli» F. W. nrode....U3i TM Dosun Hill W3
n M'dlty 10S JC2 rtlncess Z«ika.Mo3
(Ll'UAtiJoU lCs! nil The 1.a.1y 10S
Fifth rare— On« and one-sixteenth miles:
handles?.
CC Roninante IKI Pr. Hheppard...ll9
(*'>)Ronormonde ....l(f>j X<2 Satruma 107
2SS Tojimast IP'i
1
Elxth ra^*— Eix furlones: rrr.mp; thn*-year
oldf and up.
SCI Mine Rice •■■:•' i- .r Luis 107
?rc Mr.rlnca ir>T l 3?J Htta II 1.17
tC Fly 1«7 J77 Filter Alice 107
t:.C IVin. 1021 2C3 Imprrlous ... .107
Selections for To-Day.
Fir»: rs-^-My IVar. St. ApoUlnaria, nraw
Sercni rnre-n»llsta. Ix«t Olrl. Marplot.
Third ra^e— Vr. HerT:a> % Tom Calvert,
Meadowtborpe.
Fourth rar«— rrtneefis Zeika. MMlty. V^ll w
Fifth race— Roiilniinte, F?t»un-.a, Rr*ormor.Je.
PUth race— Pence. Mnrinra, Rtstar Al'ce
■m « —
Guard Camp Site.
SANTA CRUZ. Dec. I.— Major General
r»lckln«on. Adjutant General 1 mans.
lirigadier (Jencral \\"arfl«ld. Colonel Cluff
Dr. \V. I). McCarthy and Kn^lnror Xar
f>oe airlvod 10-dajr to n*]oct a location on
Laveaga H«-I»:hts for th«» Natinmil (iuard
i-nrampment n<xt nummer. The party
wan met at the depot hy Mayor Umb and
Pears'
Get one cake
of it.
Nobody ever
stops at a cake.
■nfttee with a four-ln-hand. They
. •! ts this afternoon and
<•<! with the location. It
i : • : ■ .-: :i encamp-
HI ,-roprl
•• r the encampment.
SWIMMERS AT SUTRO BATHS.
The usual programme of aquatic sport
has been prepared by the management of
Sutro Batha for to-morrow. The entries
follow:
W-yarJ <la*h. juveniles— F. Tilton. F. Hitter.
E. MJnter. K. Xoal. A. Kaufman. E. Cavan
außh. O. t<owrnihal. W. Fleming. 100-yard
rare, nmatpur*- J. Lalnl, T. l^nhusen, C. King.
O. Lair.l. J. Wllber, H. SM-hach. C. Sullivan.
K. S^mlth. J. Will •„ H. Stei:^*. 11. Hiding,
W . Hur'.^y. C. I«und!n, P. Sunb^rg. 100-yard
tub race— E. Uawilnson. U. Lleboldt J.
O-Hrlen. E. Well*, o. nhrman. E. lleyer. E.
H»rry. 11. Olscn. A. lUu.lMn. \V. Wilson. H.
Fr<*<*man. A. Davis. Trick and fancy sprlng
»<oanl <11vlrff-It. Uidlr.f. J. v rtnlck. J.
rarturiKht. K. Cornell. A. Bacanatorl. W.
\\ ll»on. O. Mluier. J. Cathcart. W. Hurley. W.
Dangles. W. Hoffman. J. onrien. E. Peters.
WHEELMEN WILL MEET.
The annual meeting and election of of
ficers of the California Associated Cy
cling Clubs will be held this evening at
room ToT, Parrott building.
,H., H. Atjßtln Goddard. well known among
thj wheelmen of this city, left for Aus
tralia on the Alnmeda Wednesday to »-s
tablish a bnuich of the American Bicy
cle Company In the antipodes. He will
be absent about a year.
I'eter O. Alexander, who has made
hosts of friends among the trade and
the wheelmen of this coast, leaves to-day
for his former home near Boston. He has
severed his connection with the Pope
fart ring Company and will enter
business on his own account.
OLYMPIC WRESTLERS ACTIVE.
George Mlchling. Instructor of wrestling
at the Olympic Athletic Club, Is preparing
his pupils for a wrestling tournament on
February 7. This will be confined to
members of the club and la in anticipation
of the const championship tournament to
be held shortly after that time Professor
Mlohlliijj expects to develop a champion of
everr class. So many men have taken up
wrestling recently that a big entry Is an
ticipated.
On tho ISth Inst the swimmers will have
their Innings, a long and varied pro
gramme of competitive events havlnjr
J?V r VP r '7?i lr 'Y'- t"n<se r the mentorship of
<-avill the swimmers ar* showing
marKoi improvement, much Interest being
taken In all aquatic sports.
Next WednesdaY nlsht (ladles night)
)» polo players will Bh ow their skill In
that exciting and fascinating sport.
Gardner and Forbes Draw.
CHICAGO. Dec. I.— Oscar Gardner, the
"Omaha Kid," and Harry Forbes of Chi
cago, fought a six round draw it the Fort
Dearborn Athletic Club to-night Tho
battle was fierce, and each man scored
two knockdowns. Gardner's hands were
In poor chape and were heavily band
aged.
Th- Mormons are preparing for a vig
orous campaign in St. Louis. A score of
their missionaries are pxxiparlnpr ■ make
converts in that city. The Mormons are
active In many sections of th» West
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
(Copyright. IW3. Ny 11. H. Egbert.)
OAKLAND RACETRACK, Friday, December 1, 1899.—Forty
seventh day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club.
Weather fine. Track fast.
- — — — — _ _____ ___
A . MfRI'HY l'r«,!mi! Juiff. J. H. t^RQUSON StirtT.
■. „ " . ■ ■ :
-400 FIRST RACE-Malden two-year-olds; purse. IliO.
Index. !' m Weight, -• *ro. Hm. «im. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Oi>. a".
ZiO Herculean ml 5 11 ... 14 Henry 10 8
.... All.e PouRherty ...11.V 4 2 4 ... : 8 Vlttltoe 4 M
1SS J. V. Hayes 118 10 7 1 ... 3 4 Qlveni 10 O
IU 7 *>, ... 4 3 !'. 1 •
371 R'fiqufc 115)11 '.'.[ '.'.'. » 1 ... I 1 How it ....... : ''li
S7« K-lj.rif 115 1 I 1 ... 6 4 Bullman 12 10
3^« *}*** .'!liij « '.'.'. '.'.'. 12 ... 7 ', D. McCarthy! 10 M
:' I 1-' ... » % P. 3
Hilly Moor* 11«! J 5H ... 9 1 Klley .... 30 1,0
JTJ T.mSharkry 115' < 10 ... 10 2 Conley 8 10
27S Ftlle d'Or 11\|14 .13 ... 11 Fallehy 10 75
in rprwrcnjst 11513 '.'.'. '.'.'. 14 ! i ... 13 Blair '....'.'.'.'.'. . S II
14 ... 13 Blair S 30
... Saul of Tamu».....Ui!j _^. M ... 14 [Thorpe 2 5
Time— 4. :i3Vi: »i. :37; S. 1:024. Winner. O. Bummers' 1.. e- by Imp. Watercresa-
1't.i :i<i <Ji«-h1 start. Won easily. Second nnd third driving.
Winner l« a tl«nt and very fn.'t. He crowed Alice Doupherty In stretch. Hayes came
from the hark wood*, Bard 1 of little account. Saul of Tarsus tired and was eaeed
up
•■ ■ »f the ll.il« in.
_|Oj tlAG .runty coursv; selllnit; four-year-olds and upward; purse. $300.
" " W» . ' • • \,n. Sm. \m. Ptr. Fin. Jockeys. Op. n!
R«i3 Ostler Jo.. C 112 3 ... «4 2 4 IS 11 Vln- 4 9-2
14« Tru- Il!ue. 1 109 I ... 14 12 14 2 2 Henri- 20 <•>
5SJ Alaska. 4 lt« I ... 71 32 3 6 36 ronley ... C S
Til Donator. 4 1W 4 ... Sh : '- 4 4 4 2 Hullninn 8 li
j;fl He Hairy. 4 109 7 ... 5 '4 II ft SI K. J< ties 6 S
I^'ly nrtunolc. 5..I1W 1 .... 2 h 4 4 6 2 • 6 11. Turn, i'*> «no
(W> O*itilntl»n. 4 109 6 ... 4 h 76 73 T I Rail 5-2 11-5
... Flrrt Call. I lit! ... 8 1 S« 8 2 S3 Thorpe I •> 3
• •• I^K'Id. I IM' % ... 9 10 9 3 10 I 4 Helnion- 30 CO
_ 1 .. It. del nandldo*. «. 109,10 ... 10^ 10 9 ■ 10 |l) MiV.irthy 20 30
• ■ ihorl \. 1:11 Wlrner. \V I .. RwuUll'l
• - <; 'od ttnrt. Wnn raslly. Bevoad anil third
drlvlr.r.
Joe •ran a Bond °ne to-O.iy. True Blu* Is fast. Tie Happy a dlfnppolntment. O»cula-
tlon rut off on bnrk 'tretcli. She was sore and propped most of the way. First Call has
■
MallMtay 112. Esplr«ni1,i MS, Wllmeter 11!. Pt. f'uthhert Ml
1() 4 > Tim. I. IU' ! rutarfty ooane: seillnc: two-year-olds; purse. 1X.0.
__„ __ __ ___________ ___ __^^_^ m^ _______________
""nettlmT
Index. Hor-e. Weight. St. %m. «itn. Sim. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. a!
3<3 Mnnt r»Kle 110 7 ... 44 4 4 II 11 C. Wllnon 4 *
STS Hln ( J.v» Princess.. .AK. % ... 74 :h 4 4 In .1 Martin 2- 7-2
Ss-> Fine Phot in* 3 ... ih 12 Ih Ih Mullman 6 8
2K3 R'n R.-i in.-. S ... .31 ih III 4 10 lOlvetM .... ft 8
SC fhamj.ion no*e 10S 1 ... 2 1 2h 6 4 S 4 R. Jones..... 12 13
<r?«» Cuniiara W I ... 6h S4 (1 « h Th;- 3 7-2
?r2 The Scot 110 4 ... (4 6h 7 2 7 14 '• Ross 10 10
*}* nrltt ins . ... $4 72 S 84 Mor-e 20 4.^
310 Honor Bright lOStll ... 9 2 9 3 9 2 9 3 D McCarthy. IS 3.)
• "arter ••••■ HO' I ... 10 10 10 10 2 L Turner 15 »
YJi Fairfax ..... 110!l0 ... 11 11 11 11 |ruI» .*...) 15 80
Time-To ■.«. :2:H: to 4. 47', laKt S. 1034: short K. 1:134. Winner. A. SlmoDs 1 b
It. l>y Imp. r.n»*etla— -i,uiu. Oood start. Won first three driving.
PHIICOM could hav« won with a better start. Gundara pocketed part of the trip Scot
had little ■i*-1 A poor lot taken all In all.
4AQ FOURTO RAGS-MS rurlonKs; thre^year-olds and upward; purse. |400.
Urn. Hm. Urn. Btr. Fin. Jockeys. Op. a!
<37T) Tlmemaker. 4 109 1 ... 11 34 11 13 Th..rt>e .... I 4-5 12
SM ruinthu_.l MS ... 6 2 112 2h 2 3 J.Martin....: I 6 II
<»«*• Tltninm. 3 100 4 ... 4 2 4 2 4 2 th 'Vlttlt..,. '| « Ji
3K7 Vmtnro. 1 "".I ... th 2 4 1% 4 3 PhHan .5-2 6
1S7 Psn Mateo. 6 110 I ... 12 11 r. 15 6 20 L. Turner.... 6 10
____.l_ > L.9r I-_?.-__t_--:_i:I__5 6 « 6 I n .... 100 2fO
Time-H. :2S; 4. « ■'. K. 1:14%. W.nn«r. J. F. Schorr's Ix h. by Imp. Kantaka-Xe!ll«
Stanley. Gonfl )iinrt. Won first three driving.
Winner never had much time to play The llRhtwelrhts kept him busy. Ventoro prob-
ably slinrt I trifle. Kan Mateo blew up. v
.4O_l FII-TII RA'T Futurity rmirn; selling; two-year-olds; purer. IT*.
Index. Horse. Weight. St. Urn. Mm. %m. Str. Fin. Jockey* j Op. cj*
371 namboulla V.i 2 ... 11 11 11 12 I Rull man .... «-5 11.5
?.<* Panlel lioll ... 3h 2h 11 2 1 Thorp* 5 8
*ST. mm U0| S ... 6 V, Si 4h 1*4 J. M.-xrtln.... 6 6
3M Mnndamui IDS! 6 ... Ih 4h Ih 4h Mor»<> .... I 10
3^? Aborlclne 10.1! 5 ... 7 «1 tl El! Vlttltoe ' I 3
SC I>rutdem 110 4 ... 4 1 7 7 6 1 T. Jnnes c g
/3tt) Mis* Madeline 110] 7 6 2 3 h 6 2 7 IE. Ho— ..'.'.'.'.'. < 10
Time— To •«. BH: to «... :47: last S. 1:02: short V. 1:12. Winner. A. n PpreckeTc' b
p. Mr I*uryenr D-~lf>ta Hock, flood start. Wr.n easily. Second and third clrivln;-
Result never In doubt. Mandamus weakly ridden. Aborigine away none too well. He
\r no wonder. I'ruldes* ran poorly. Madeline ran up In the hunch, but couldn't last.
l(f\HT S'XTl! HAfT-FovPti furlongs; selling; three-year-olds: purs*. $4«0.
Index. B "... WeI*ht. ( St. Km. Mm. %m. Btr. Fin. I Jockeys. Op."
SM Faver»ham 110] « 2 4 II 11 Ih Ih IRul« I 8
SCI iJivator mil ? ; 1, Ih 12 2h Jh Henry 7 12
52 Silver Ton* l fl< 1 «2 l>4 7 1 3 4 3 4 Vlttitoe 1'7
») l ," non 107 ! « 41 L 4 4 4 42 41 Dullman < 8
(SM) Montanus 107 3 9 4 »4 5 * 8 1 6 3 C. Wllnon 3 4
*** i> mp V? 1 A T 4 m m Ih 71 I! IE Jones 10 30
(SCO Humidity UOl 7 Oh 82 ( h 82 72 Thorpe 3 7
"■ ;•!'■!>««• 11013 8.4 9 81 7h M Conlcy 10 7-2
374 nto Chlco 1011 3 I h 7 h 9 9 »|J. Martin 7 II
Tirr*- 'v. :11V. H. :SS\.; <<.. 1:01; •%, i:2S^. Winner. AJameda Stable blk. c. by Imp.
I.ur.r-,,n,|. imn \ tctr*M. Good start Won first three ilrlvlnr.
More judiciously ridden. 1-avator could have won. Sliver Tone pocketed to the stretch
"W a* undoubtedly the beit. Montanu* cut oft at start. 80 was Espionage. Rio Chlco
nearly put over fence on back ttretch. '
t> , Prratchcd-Glengaber 101. Buttjart IM. OraJbee M, Rainier 98, Terrene 101. Vlnctora 88.
THE SAN l-'RAycISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 2, 1809.
WALLACE
BEATEN IN
ONE ROUND
English Boxer Lasts Just Sev
enty-Three Seconds Be
fore Bernstein.
Bpocln'. I>l«ratch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Dec. 1 Dave Wallace.
the last of the cargo of English fighter*
which was imported here within the last
fen months, to-night wont down to de
feat, like hi? predecessors, at the Broad
way Athletic Club. Joe Bernstein of New
York placed fevera) blows on Wallace*!
md body. Fending him down three
times, and !n exactly seventy-three !=ee
. lay prostrate, un
able to comt.- to time. He wa> Taunted
out a:ui his mc ■:■!- had to carry him to
his corner. Th«- mi . met for a twenty
five-round po at 124 pounds
New Orleans Race Winners.
I NEW ORLEANS, Dec. I.— The weather
. continued fair, though much cooler to-
I day, and the track was rather slow from
1 light rains overnight. Prince, of Vero:i;i
, and Dolly Weithoff. who had their fields
at their mercy, were the only winning
, ravt rites. Results:
I Selllnß. five furlone*— The Sluirsard won,
i Island Prince second, Pat Cleburne third Tim*.
Six furlong*— Prince of Verona won. Sadlo
Burnham s*>eond. Crane third. Time. l:2o\i.
Selling. on« mile— *4meuu won. W. B. Gates
wcond. Chancery third. Time. 1:43.
Selling, nix rnrloan Wolthoff won.
wiKKir.-. second. Tenole third. Time. 1:18.
Belling, one rnlle~Hainpden won. Ix>rd Nev
ille second. Preston third. Time, 1:47.
Kennedy Defeats Walkrr.
BACRAMBNTO. Dee l Joe Kennedy.
the San Francisco heavyweight, knocked
1 out "Soldier" Walker tO-nlghl In the
, fourth round . i th.-ir :ii:lit befon "
Sacramento Athletic Club The men were
ln £"■•.] oondltlon. talker spparently
! had the better of the mill up to the mo
ment he received the blow that settled
!ii* hash. Kennedy seemed t«
mostly on tr.-ttin»; i;i rifiht swtngn, while
Walker was keeping up his straight blows
and labs. In a mix-up in tht» fourth
!. Kennedy shot up s short half-arm
blow that caughi Walker under the chin
and settled the fisht.
Police Interfered.
IKDIANAPOL.IS. l>ec. L— At th<» enr
nlv.-il of the Canlno Athlerlr dub at M.>
sart Hall t«-nlpht. the police stopped the
affair aftor retr Lacey na«l knocked out
••^I'ider" Kelly In one of the preliminar
ies.
Death of a Noted Swimmer.
Joseph P. Fleming, for years a swim
nilnp 1 •-'•!.•■ .it Alameda resort*, died
yesterday at the City and County Hos
pital. Fleming: v.a- a powerful owlmraer
and held the coast championship for
many years. Consumption is given as
the cause of his death.
IMPROVEMENTS FOR
CALIFORNIA PARK
Native Daughters Take
the Matter in Hand.
Bpe?!aJ Mcrarrh to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY. Dec. I.— The proposed
Improvement of California Park, Inaug
urated here some time ago by the local
parlor of Native Daughters. Is meeting
with the unqualified approval of the cltl
«'ns of this p|a< ■
California Park Is Fituated In that part
of the city almost a.ijuining Courthouse
square, and for years ha;- been an eyesore
to the place, being overgrown wtih weeds,
and full of unsightly cypress trees. The
Native Daughters propose, with the as
slstance of the people, t» transform It into
a place of Uauty.
The ground will be appropriately laid
out In lawns arnl Ho* ■ n In the center
will be a fountain •>!' ornamental design
and palms and other trees and shrub*
will be planted in the place of the now
growing th<-re.
The old fence ng the park will
be removed ano | placed there In
its stead. Already they have received
the approval of the H ard of Trustees of
the city, who have given them full power
to act in the matter.
The fence about ih<^ place ha.= been sold
to advantage and win be removed at once.
- have been kepi busy hauling in
■ for the sidewalks, preparatory to
the laying of a cement walk around the
park.
A number of subscription '. 1 .-« t s have been
and are being circulated, and the fur.d Is
t>«-::iir Incres •■ i every day.
On Thanksgiving eve the local lodge r.f
Ancient Order of For- ten l: .\e a ball for
the benefit of the fund and netted for the
Native Daughters about *'."■> <»ther en
tertalnmenta and social functions will be
given during the winter months to In
tl." fund, and In the spring work
on the pi»rk will be begun In earnest.
MYSTERIOUS CASE.
Aged George Ede, Who Wrote a Sus-
picious Note. H^s Disappeared.
George !..■ ,i old man who disap
peared from a lodging-house at 237 O'Far
rell street on November 23. has not yet
been found. The case ■■- strange. Inas
much as lido left ■ note to his landlady
on the date of his departure for where
abouts unknown, stating that if he did
not return she should ko.»p a watch and
Jl io in coin which he left behind. In part
payment for a rent bill. The relatives
have not heard from the man since and
.i strong suspicion exists that he took
his own lire He Is described as a man
?3 years of age, 5 feet 8 Inches in height,
weighing IGO pound* gray eyes. hair,
beard and mustache He wore a black
soft hat, a gray mixed suit and a white
shirt.
INDORSE THE BOND ISSUE.
Prominent Citizens Pledge Their
Support at the Coming Election.
a large number of citizens of the Forty
fourtn Assembly District, members of the
rilHlfSallf Mun!i:{j_Li t'lub, net last
night at Rea'a Hall. Kton street.
■ • cted tffßcera as follows:
L. A. Bea, president; James Kltterman
an«l John Parnbam, vice presidents;
James \V. Rellly, Becretary, and Loula
irer. The following cam
palgn committee wai Mleoted:
a. }'. Giamilnl. chairman; Joseph a stuiti
J. J. I".!!.. Dl 1. I>. Ba »;a:ij|!. 1.. Jurl.
L V. Merle. Georß<? C. Alferllz Thomas <;.
Heilly, Richard Irvine. Jo*ej>h [.. Vnleiite Wil
liam 11.1 1. Kramer. 11. M OUbcrt, G. Leopold.
A. H. Schlmpf, George K. Callnhan. P. A.
r.uckley. Charles, Mitchell. Con Heinz. Walter
J. (I* Martini, John J. Lynch. Joseph M Cam
podnnlco, Faust i;. Mancherlnl. It it. .■
Meyer*, Thomas F. Mullln. Hears 1 Stfrllns A
Huef. M. J. Nlhan. Joseph Printer Theodore
liactgalupl. Joseph Lewkowitz. John F. Winter.
Resolutions Wen unanimously adopted
Indorsing the I. •■»)<! propositions in their
entirety and pledging the members to ex
ert their best efforts at the coming elec
tions. The campaign committee and the
officers of the club were constituted a del
egation to th.' Convention of Improvement
Clubs to be held Monday evening next at
Native Sons' Hall.
Declared to B« a Trust.
PT. LOUIS, Dec, L -Attorney General
rd C. Crow boran proceedings la
i r t of Appeals this after
■ i •-• the National Lead •■•.m
pany excluded from tho privilege. <>f .; .-
Inn business in tclssourli on th<« charge
that it is a trust. It Is contended tti.it
the defendant la unlawfully usurping the
privtlegi - a id franchise of a Missouri
corporation, to which H has no right un
der the law, not having iirorurrd license
from the Treasurer "f the Si
GATHERED IN THE NET OF THE LAW
A REVENGEFUL BARBER.
William Haberecht Attacks a Wit
ness Who Testified Against Him
in the Police Court.
A warrant was Issued yesterday by
Judge Graham for the arrest of William
Ilnhcrccht. barber, 1205 Market street, on
a charge of assault with a deadly weapon.
The complaining witness is John Crock
nrd. a boy employed In a drugstore ad
joining HaliiT' i shop.
Haberecht was arrested November 12
by Policeman J. J. RUey for battery upon
him. The officer asked Haberecnt to ra
movo a sign that was obstructing the
sidewalk, and there was a liKht. during
which Haberecht bit one of the oAcer'a
fingers. Crockard was a wltriess for the
prosecution and testified that ho heard
Habereeht use vulgar language to the
officer. Haberecht was convicted by
Judge Graham and last Tuesday was
sentenced to pay a fine of $.*>. with the
alternative of Jive days in the County
Jail.
Yesterday morning Haberecht went to
th*> drugstore and nt wicked Crockard
with a cane. He struck him on the fa. c
and head with the cane, making the blood
How, and punched him In the stomacn
and ribs.
THE HAVES MURDER.
Zip Chambers, the Colored Stable
man. Released on His Own
Recognizance.
Zip Chamber*, the colored stablemnn
fur »:d Coniaan who shot and killed Dan
Hayea It the liißlesldo racetrack stables
hist Monday morning, was yesterday re
leased on his own recognizance by Judge
TreadweU.
Attorney Joseph J. Dunne appeared be
fore the Judge on behalf of Chambers
and submitted the evidence taken at the.
Coroner's Inquest on Hayes' body and the
verdict of justifiable homicide by the
Jury. He contended that Chambers bad
acted purely in self-defense. Tho testi
mony of the witnesses showed thai
Chambers was a decent man and that he
had been attacked by a. brute thirsting
for his blood.
The .Ju<l>:.. agreed with the attorney
and made an order releasing Chambers
on his own recognizance. The preliminary
examination was set for this morning.
Robbed His Companion.
William Werner, who bears a bad police
record, was arrested last evening: by Offi
cer I". McGrayan an.l charged with grand
larceny at the California-street Police
Station. Werner met Henry lleltrlch. an
employe of the Oceanic Steamship Com
pany, on Kearny street and the pair hail
several drinks In a saloon Later Werner
took his companion Into an alley ami
robbed him or his watch and a portion
of his chain, also a gold band ring. Ho
was detected In the act by Ofllcer Mc-
Orayan and the arrest followed. The
watch and a part of a chain correspond
ing to one worn by lleltrlch was round
In the possession of the accused. He was
charged with grand larceny.
Only 21 per cent of the population of
Bavaria are entitled to vote, and of these
21 per rent only 39 per cent took the trou
ble to vote at the lust elections for the
Landtag.
LOSS OF LIFE
AND PROPERTY
Storm's Awful Havoc in
Texas.
Epecia: Dispatch to The CaM.
ROCKrORT. Tex.. Dec. 1.-Reports
from points on the Gulf in this section
show that the damage to property and
loss Of life by the recent severe ntorm
were much greater than at first reported.
A number of small fishing craft are miss
ing, together with their crews. The bodies
of James Sanders and two other me.i not
yet Identified have been found In the
mouth of St. Charles Hay. Several thou
sand sheep and hundreds of cattle wcie
driven Into the gulf by the storm and
drowned. One ranchman. George A.
lirundrett. lost over 3000 head of sheep In
this, manner.
In Refuglo and Aransas counties there
was a terrific fall of hall. Chunks of
ice. some of them being five Inches In
diameter, fell.
More, than 700 cattle were killed by
falling hall in the vicinity of Lamuf.
The window blinds, sash and light* of
every house In Lamar were ridded.
Holes were knocked through the roofs st
many and weatherboards were splint, l
The wind uprooted largo trees and blew
several houses from their foundation*.
Large flocks of geese and ducks were
killed. In fact, every bird and small ani
mal within the storms path were killed.
One hundred and sixty dead pelicans
were seen on the bay shore.
The storm •<■• ms to have gathered Its
fury about fifteen miles southward of
Kofuglo. increasing on its course toward
the gulf. its path being six miles wide.
EARLY MORNING BLAZE
ON SAN BRUNO ROAD
One Man Almost Asphyxiated and a
Shop Looted.
The barber-shop, restaurant and saloon
located on the corner of San Bruno road
and Fifteenth avenue were burned down
about 1 o'clock this morning. The barber
was asleep at the time and was dragged
out of his burning room by Patrolman
O'Connell just In time to save him from
death by asphyxiation.
The barber-shan was looted either
fore or durim the lire.
Patrolman O'Connell. who was first on
the scene, declares positively that he
amelled kerosene very strongly about the
premises. Antone Sewer, who keeps the
restaurant, escaped all right.
Loss about $7W.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
WASHINGTON. Dee. 1. — Represent
ative Kahn called upon the Secretary
of the Treasury to-day In relation to an
order Issued by the Treasury Department
directing Collector of Customs Jackson at
Ban Francisco, on October IS last. In addi
tion to the regular examination of sam
ples of tea, to prepare and forward to the
leu Inspector at New York, for the pur-
f comparison, four-ounce samples.
!•.!■ ked In ' • • •■;■:. i. :• ■ ■<: tbe cha i
ribed by tbe department circular <>f
July S. UW. of •■a<-n line "f tea entered
mid examined at Ban Francisco after that
date, together with labels apedfylng the
amount, name of consignee, name ><i im-
of Importation, etc.,
with the statement either that t
bu been admitted or rejected. This prac
tice Is to continue for six months. Th<- im
portera In San Francisco believe that this
order would lake the entire tea examine
tlon away from the examiner and place it
In the hands of the examiner .it .\. w
York. Mr. Kahn had a long talk with
both Secretary ».;age and Qeneral Sp.iuld-
Ing. who liriH charge Of the inatt»-r, and
Lssured by the tatt>-r thai the exam
iner at New \ork would have nothing to
do with tea examinations at Sun Kian
clsco. and that tho samples wore simply
for deposit with him for the use of the
U ard "f T<>a Kxj.erts.
The depart nvnt < onsld»«red very favor
ably, however, tin* suggestion made by
Tea Examiner Platt <>f San PranctSCO
th.it all examiners lntTcliunge samples.
General Bpauldlng assured Mr. Kahn that
th' department would probably »it an
<ari\ day take up the matter with a riew
of bringing about an Interchange among
the te i < xamlners of the count
Representative Metcaif of Oakland ar
rlv< i to-day and is at the Arlington. Ho
called upon General Henderson to-night
and made known his wishes as t..
mittee assignment Mr. ICetcalf will, it in
believed in re, !■<■ retained as :1 member
of the Naval Affairs Committr.^ an. l may
also be placed upon the Committee "h
l'ui>li<' Buildings. He Intend! making a
strong rl^ht for Oakland*! new postofflce
and will to-morrow '-all upon (in Buper<
visicK architect of the Treasury Depart
! RUSSIAN AND GREEK AT WAR.
A Sailor Attacks a Carpenter With a
Knife and Attempts to Mur
der Him.
George Johnston, a Greek Carpenter,
and "John Doe," a Russian sailor, have
been living at a lodging house. 2L Vallcjo
street, and there lias been bad blood '•'•
tween them. The sailor was In the oabtt
of using offensive and insulting; language
to the carpenter with the object of pick
ing a quarrel with him. but the carpenter
managed to always keep hi* temper.
Yesterday morning while Johnston was
in bed the sailor forced hi way Into tils
room and attacked him with a knife, cut
ting him several time* on the face and
head.. Johnston went to the Receiving
Hospital, where his wounds were attend
od to. Later ho secured a warrant >n
Judge Graham's court for the sailor's ar- -
rest on the charge of assault to commit '
niuider.
DR. NEWMAN ARRESTED.
Charged With Having Caused, the
Death of Ella Tyson by Mal
practice.
Mis* Ella Tyson of 614 A Powell ntrret
died yesterday from the effects of a crim
inal operation. Dr. Mather and Dr. Mc-
Nutt were called in shortly before the
plrl died, and she made a statement to
them that 1 >r. S. Newman of 412 Post
street had performed the operation. She
suid also thai John Vaccarl, son of ■ sro
cer at the corner of Mason and Filbert
streets, was responsible for her condi
tton
Vuccari wns arrested, and admitted that
be bad been keeping company with Miss
Tyson for some time. Re Mid t v iat h«
had sent h<r to 1 >r. Newman ti» be treated
for a trifling ailment. I Jr. Newman was
arrested a short time afterward U\ !>•
tecttves Effan and siivey. He denlecl ever
bavins seen Miss Tyson. The girl wu»
about 20 yean old.
An autopey performed last evening
falleil to preve that death was trt,« result
of a criminal operation, vet it did not
disprove that such may nave been the
case. I>r. Zabala. who performed the
operation, stated that outside testimony
relating circumstances would be neces
sary, and that the authorities could not
solely rely on th«» result of the autopsy.
BELL EXONERATED.
None of the Witnesses Saw Him Club
the Drunken Bootblack Who
Afterward Died.
Policeman It. -I", was exonerated by the
Coroner's jury yesterday from all blame
in the matter of the death of Pedro Sllba,
the bootblack of GOl Broadway- Th» wit
new— gave Sllba a bad reputation, ani
there was not one of them that testified
that the officer struck Bllba with the cluh
at all. On the contrary, they swore that
while Stlba was trying to resist the po
liceman he fell heavily to the sidewalk
upon the side of his head.
Sllba was drunk and was disturbing the
peace of the neighborhood, when Patrol
man Hell was called In to nulet him
None of the witnesses who Informed the
newspaper reporters that they saw Bell
club the drunken man on the sidewalk
were called before the Coroner. One wit
ness swore that Bell struck Sllba on the
arms and wrists with the club, but did
not strike him on the head.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ;
Greatest Nerve and Blood Tonic
No. 2. M. I. S. T. Mo. 2.
Ri . •■/.•.•■.•'•■• ;>:vN N 4ESS' > ' f '' ''■•■■.■'.•"•■.••aH^Kv-'- / V>'- > . • , /'.
W^&i> : "" ■■.•■■.•.■••■• : isj^?v ■^y> •///S ' ■■' *
W*&*" <^ :: '' ■■'-' •'■■$•>•$«. : "'^^S^^' .■'.•'.• j
I hare given personal Inspection to the working of M. I. S. T. on the human system, and
Bust say that it entirely meets with my professional sanction.
D. H. LOOM IS. Late Demonstrator of Anatomy, Philadelphia Medical Coll eg*.
WHAT WE GUARANTEE M. I. 8. T. No. 2 WILL CURE.
RHEUMATISM, no matter how long standing. Any case of Inflammation of the Blad-
der or enlarged Prostate Gland, no matter if the patients haTe been for years forced to usa
a catheter. SYPHILIS IN ANY STAGE. ANY CASE OF DIABETES.
All cases of I m potency that can be cured, and permanently restore youthful vigor and
i alirv I I« '* no6limnlaot - Its effects are permanent and lasting. Will cure any case of
STRICTURE without local treatment. Will oure any case of Varicocele. Will remove en.
tirely from the system Cancer and Cancerous Germs.
Ina.lditiontotheabovc. M. IST No. 2 has cured many cases of Paralysis. Locomotor
Ataxia, Spinal Trouble and apparently incurable diseases of the nerves.
M. I. S. T. has been on the market for over 20 year*, and has cured thousands of suff-
erer* It is prescribed by leading physicians allover the country. It U peasant to take and
■lAßipl absolutely safe. It never Increases or diminishes the action of the
■Wf Ha L?^ heart. If you are suffering from any chronic disrate you are ur»red to
W%C B fc* 3 write to us, no matter how man. doctor* or VimU of m«-.!icinr«
| I ■MB ESa have tried without relief WE GUARANTEE TO CURE \(>V.
That you may judge of the value of the Great Specific for yourself.
. ,  we will send you one larce case by mail FREE.only asking that
when cured yourself you will recommend it to others. Write confidentially to our medical
department, giving symptoms. SI per bo*, or sis boxes for 15.
Address M. I. S. T. Co., Toledo, 0.
ment an<l insist up<>n the early at .
< f a site.
Robert O. n<<k wu
Postmaftt< r ..:.--.
t> . \ii . » :. orge I" '.'
lf. 1 1 li- • ounty,
vice J. R. Han
CLAIMS LOS ANGELES
STREET CAR SYSTEM
LOS ANOBLBB, Dec. 1.-James M.
Wlckershnm has begun suit against the
Los Angeles Hallway Company, and
should he f-stablish his claim to a large
amount of property at present In the pos
session of the company, including certain
■treel railway franchises, the suit will
have far-reaching effect.
Wickersham recites the recovery by
him on May -*. I"*!"-. of Judgment for MOM
end MOO costs against t!i>' Los Angeles
Consolidated Electric Railway Company,
which has not been reversed, not aside,
modified or paid in any particular, but
which remains In full force. Judgment
was for liability Incurred November tf.
IS9I.
a «t:» i f execution was laraed .1
ii > -'.">. upon which flu- Seventh street power
house and property «t tin- <-..rii'-r of
■th and »Hn c >tr. eta, aa well i
Washington street railway, with "th>r
lir.rs. were aold .it \>u>. tion to
Wickersham September 12, l^ I.^.1 .^. at tlie.
Court;. •: No redemptioi
made. September .". <>( this year a Sher
iffs «lr««l was Issued to plaintiff. By
mii li meani Wickersham claims '" havt
become entitled to the rite of the s.-venth
an<l Grand avenui
130x166 feet, In <>ijv.. and Twelfth tn
and to tii. electrlt street railwa) lines
described thai traverse this city in an
directions through tho heart of the busi
ness and n-siilince sections.
TOO FREE WITH HIS KNIFE
Elmer Miller, a Bnd Man, Wanted for
Assault With a Deadly Weapon.
Arthur .r. Parr, UltM Treat avenue, se
cured a warrant from Judge Tread'well
yesterday for the ar j mf . r M.u,. r
on a rharsre of assault with a d adly
weapon. Miller is s dangerous chn:
and th. r.- is bow i>emii!i X in the
COUfi a case sjgalnst him In which he la
■ :. .r^..l v.iti,  M n]i t,, nitird-r r.n t >r
tober I, the victim being a saloon-keeper.
-rday afternoon Miller at, I two
companions went Into French's s.iio<, n
Twelfth and Foi« ( »iti
an open knife In his band an'!
inK for trouble. He w« ordered out and
when he Rot outside he threw a i
.M«Mie through tho windou.
Parr was In the saloon at tho tlm« and
fearing further trouble he left Mill, r
mad.- a rush at him. knockitiß him down
and stabbing him OH the mouth. Ja k
McCaffery, while trying to he a ■
maker, was also stabled by Miller but
not seriously.
I NO MORE RHEUMATISM I
J NOR PAINS IN THE BACK. * X
«y I have a remedy which entirely •
X r^T*\ ■ j, knocks out that lowering and pjrs %
SF^? L-^ V^l j^tify'\^\ pnl pain- !t forces lhe kidne y s t0 i
* flu \v^ '/vf>A \ filter the poisons from Jhe system and T
* i v rv&'A / \ I drlves away lumba '° and oln « r fains X
%_ i\V ftc I y f —^* > I ' rrn every art of the b" }<3 >- That t
t ft p^t^_^A\v In I VVtr^* ) / remedy Is my
• \\^)^\ \l I^7 DR - MCLAUGHLIN'S J
I Wra^Mi ELECTRIC BELT, t
I JOT^SK?^^^ x>t i}| This Is a new method of curative el.c T
* ii^*~ ''(111 lli/jddM% 1rlclly " "Is a swil ' flo!l from lhe ♦
■t. yf 1/ "^^ \^^Jtj&oml\ r old drug care. The valui and sue- <►
.* /I \/ I^SnJU VuVI' 1 - cess of thls treatment is shown by the »
t BSHJp^ <io!^ eopl who besiege the cf'lces to ■■• *
Li If. I have so Imprjv dmy body bat- •
•; terythat It Is th? most skillfully made and easy to us* of all baits in th; world. X
<• The discs are cushion covered and do not blister the skin like the bard t
,t metals in o;h:r belts The cures lam mak nj by thl? new method of applying ♦
<| electricity are tenfold those of the past. Lay as de prejudice, call and see this ♦
♦ grand Invigorator, and note the words of those whom It has restored. J
| Ten Yearn" Rheumatism. J
♦ DR. '.., r .-,,„,„ Sir: I raff«red hum* rl^anat Xov. «. isn. ten ,1
I DR. M. A. McLALOHLIN— Dear Sir: I gufTored from rheumatism for over ten X
i yearn. but after u»ln« your Electric Ilelt nil my rain ha« rone nnJ I can now utoop !'
i and ctralßhten rnv-^lt up as well as 4-^er. lam %t i-ntlnfie.l with the great am! «oOtl re. 7
I suit* of your treatment that 1 ahull De always glad to recommend It. Ymira crate- , '
i fully. 11. 1 AM J. WILSON.
♦ My n->w bok, finely Illustrated, mailed free It will b: valuable to you. ♦
?T\r» M A M/>T OlirrVlliM 702 Ktrktt St. «or li.rty. 8 T. : ♦
C 7 Sti . Lot AngslM. T
< Office hours— B a. m. to 8:30 p. m : Sundays 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUGSTORES. ♦
<*■ . . . ■ •• ~T: :>
YOUNGER SET'S
SWELL AFFAIR
Novel Footfaill Figure In
troduced ut the
German.
The La Jcuncsse cotillon, which camo
off last evening at Cotillon Hall on Pollc
street, was quite the swcllest affair 4 tiwi
season. Over VM coupled danced tho hour*
away, Bank* >! on one side with carJlnal
drpped walls and on tho other with tha
blue and gold <>( Berkeley. Above th«
orchestra, concealed on Stanford's »lil«
with dark shrubbery and bright red ber
ries, and on lUrkeley's with shaggy >••!
low chrysanthemums and fragrant violets,
were draped pennants and Haga of tho
great universities or mc worta. Yale ana
Harvard occupylnK the most prominent
positions, with Urown. Cornell, Princeton
and the rest picturesquely grouped In th<9
center.
Three figures were danced— "Tho Grand
Right and Left, "The Debutante's
March" and the novel feature and crown
ing success of the evening, "Tho Football
Figure." Captain Murphy of Stanford
was to have led for Stanford, ■lit his ex
ertions in yesterday's game forbade hid
appearing on the light lantastlc.
The dancers in Ibe llgurc formed In
couples and to the .'•tram.* of "Here's to
Good Old Yal>" marched down the center
of the hall. When they reached th<» goal,
from the top of one support of which Mut
tered the cardinal banner and from th<»
other the blue and gold of her victorious
lister university, they separated and
formed two circles', the ladles round
lierki-ley'B pole ami the gentltmen round
Stanford's, till each met his or her part
ner. They then Joined hand 4 and .1
under the crossbar of smllax. with Its
pendant pigskin of violets, and on reach
inK the other side separated and brnko
into a waltz. A. W. Foster led this Mguro
for the University of California and Oli
ver P. Morton for Stanford. Tho patron
esses of l.i j. .■.•-• were all present
with the cut-option of Mrs«. Phebe A.
Hearst nnd Mrs. \V. A. McKittrick. They
are: Mrs. W. A. McClung. Mrs. Henry
E. Hunthiglon. Mrs. A. 11. VoorMes. Mrs.
Tim Hopkins, Mrs. YV. 11. Mills and Mrs.
\V. A. Foster. The cotillon, as its nam<»
expresses. was exclusively for tho
"Joiiri' and the buds in the first set
were: Miss L- Voorhles. Miss ■ n»>rt«»
Hooper, Miss Ooodrlch. Ml«>s Xi r hr>
Dillon. Miss Alma Vo-orhles. Ml*s Azalta
Keyes. Miss K. Stubhs. Miss Alyro
Latham. Ml^s Kane. Ml** Alma McClunj?,
Miss Anna lUngham. Mi.«s Ilensle Mills.
Mlas Mary .1 •-• ■!> n. Miss Kllza
Huntlngton nnd Ml?s IJcb.
BKECKINRIDOE FOB CONGRESS.
LEXINGTON, Pt. I.—Cx-Oomcrcjn
man BfckhlHdgl who bolted Goebel this
year at: 1 Tade the bitterest possible nt
lack on the head of th*» ticket, was nom*
Inated to-day by n fusion of hotting iVrn
ccrats an 1 Hcpuhllcans to succeed Con
pressman Settle, deceased. Th# flsht ttlll
M wholly on State Issu*>s. the tllver ques
tion not being considered.WINTER SPORTS
FOOTBALL PLANS
FOR THE WINTER
ARE PROMISING
Possibility of a Chicago-Califor
nia Game Excites Great In
terest Among College Men.
y—^ RACTICALLY speaking, the
W*"^ football — — OB has come to an
•**■ end. "With th,- Thanksgiving day
granae canvas jacket and cleated
fhr>« are usually discarded on this coast
find the kicking of the pigskin ceases for
nine months. There may bo a change In
the condition of things this year.
The 30—0 victory, the most overwhelm-
In* that on* California college lias meted
out to ajiothcr since the Inception •i the
dual kaKue, ba« filled tho minds of the
blue and Rold play* 1 ™ with prldlron as
pirations to try frotnethlcs from a foreigTi
eolL Just nuw the blue and gold man
agers ore looklnir to th« University of
Chicago for a Rume botwoen Christmas
snd New Year's day. Correspondence has
been conduct«^l between the two colleges
with this «.nd In view, but nothing nat
lffactory «»r definite has resulted, except
an expression of wllllntme^s on the part
of the Chicago playcre lo make the West
ern trir*
Manager Mumma of th« University of
California eleven will leave '•■-.• In
about a week for Chicago and see what
he can do personally to Induce the Chi
cago players to visit the coant. All foot
ball m< n who know the situation arc of
a common opinion that the University of
ChlcaKu team would give California the
very Lust t»>^siblo battle. Influence is be
ing brought to bear upon the faculty of
the Middle West university to allow the
tiam play with the Californians. Were
It nut for the fact that the Chicago eleven
has been kept moving hII over the coun
try this season there would be no doubt
us to the outcome, but at present there
txiMR a flight oppoMtlon among the Chl
<:iko ;.r<>f*;s»-< rs us to the advisability of
permitting the team to make- such a. long
jourm-y.
-
makea xhr
■
■
■
i
1
'
ri| ng the
At* far as a, series of pames Is con
cerned, that is out of the question. One
or two uame-s with California aro the
most that could be expected in any event.
Stanford is *o Immeasurably inferior to
California In every point of the game a*
to off*-r no reh-'.stßnce to so strong a team
es Chicago. The Olympics, on the other
hand, while t!> ;* have material, could
r.«*ver pet Into >haj>e for a hard gridiron
fight. Their tie game with Multnomah on
Thursday and their deV.its by California
f-hut out the athletic clubmen from any
cor;te«<t with the possible victors.
No matter what agreement Is made b«
t«wn the University of Chicago and Unl
v. rt-ity of California eleven.", the latter
liiif gone out of training. As s>oon as
<l«!i:iit«« r.ewn If heard the men will re
commence the conditioning process. The
lap«? fmm habits of abstemiousness will
r>"t Injure the players in any way. In
fM«'t»it will work to their Xidvontage. for
« ..llfnrnia was on the road to overtrain
l:r»r. A few weeks of not too severe work
Vould bring the team Into splendid con
<!!i!<in. The, Kame state of affairs exists
In regard t<> the Chicago eleven.
It Ih a Question whether the prospective
pmf with Chicago or the post mortem of
the Intercollegiate Is receiving th» greater
attention among the college men. One
thing is agreed by all— that no such ag
gressive team play has ever been seen
on this coast. But all that Is an old
BtOfy. What has not yet been consid
ered lft the question of condition. No ex
cuks can come from the Stanford cloven
en this hoore. for I>r. Murphy's work was
mlt bout question thoroughly done. The
cardinal athletes were trained to the
hour. Yet when they went against the
California te&m It was the Stanford men
that suffered the knocks and bruises of
the battle. The eleven California men
played through the entire game, not a
man being disabled. It is true, the work
In the tirst half told on the blue and gold
athletes and they did not play as fast a
rani«" In the necond half, but the Stan
lurd brad- harj something to do with this
Hjl one player l«-ft the field badly hurt
—Murphy of Stanford. He was out on
the street yesterday dashed In spirits and
««ak in body. This Is his last football,
riot on account of his "eplltslat," but be
cause he has played tour years with a
college tram.
blero Is already under dis
•. . .
• hat I'hum
■
I. liiSt
• itl'll).
■ ■ .
ilifor
■ • t s and |
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.
Th« Vampire football team returned
yesterday from a visit to Redding,
thither they went to play on Thanks
giving day against the Mountain Copper
Company c\uU of Keswlck. The Vampire
team wan two men short, and conse
quently play«-d under a serious disad
vanta^.'. 'l 1,.. Kf«wick eleven had only
Ilin-tj imn who played last year, but the
in-w acqulsltlona have added much
strength to n. The match took place at
Hfdding in the prewnce of about
•pectatora. At 2:2 ii p. m. <'asldy kicked
«.rr r<>r the Vampires; and for tho flrir
t* n mim:t.-s or «v n give nnd take gajne
was t.la),d. T>nn Mudd and Peacock se
cured the l.all ai.d passed It to Wyndham.
w»i« loored lh« «lm ro*J for the kcriwick
t«am 1 li«- horn* eleven, murh entour
"(••'•|1 I ">' coring fo «-arly played with di-
termination and In a short time scored
j.pain A little later Sdwood; one of UlO
Aainplro halfbacks, was hurt, and the
Intermediate line of the victors, already
Vk-mk. was still further weukened At
- lialf time tho K<-swicks had scored 'three
frnals to nothing.
After an interval of five minutes play
ni n-sumed. Wyndham kicking off for
Keswlck. Williamson :ind Oasldy got t>OB-
F«-sK>on of the ball and carried it down to
the Krswick goal, but were unable to
hrore. Then the left wing of the K«n
w!ck team carried the ball up to the
V«nipircs' goal, but Belwood pent It back
About this time Jenkins ran hard Into
White, ttrlking him under the Jaw with
his shoulder, and. though White did not
retire, his usefulness was gone. The
K'-swick men kept on and scored another
goal. Soon WcMerfcld was hurt ami
compelled to retire. The visitors were
übl« to offer little resistance after this
xind the Keswirk men raised the score to
nvcn goals. The KeFWlck team play»d
w.ll tr,g«<thcr. and had a much better
«Ii yon than la<t year. The game was un
im .•.-•u.rily rouch, and the visitors. nft<-r
tli«ir forwards had been passed, ;ould
offer little resistance to the attack. The
t'-ums llnod up us follows. So!lom and
21rT)onald Lcing Kcawick men who
GAME BIRDS ARE
FAVORED BY THE
PRESENT WEATHER
Quail. Grouse and Ducks Will
Not Suffer Much at the Hands
of Sportsmen.
DUCK shooting, hns boon almost
at a standstill for »>ome weeks
past, the- weather conditions be
ing against good sport on the
marshes. Birds are simply not to be
found in districts whore in former years
they were plentiful. Clubmen go to their
preserves regularly week after week and
return with little or nothing to show for
their trip. They ail have faith in the
birds coming later in the season and ex
pect to make up for lost time then.
The pport of the quail shooters has
also bern of poor quality, taken from a
broad j>olnt of view. In some instances
Individual bag* have been good, but the
average sportsman not affiliated with the
clubs has found little to tempt him into
the field week after week. This will work
a bv.nt.flt to the bird.-, as they have not
bfren subjected to the bombardment they
would receive if they were easily secured.
They will be. afforded an opportunity to
grow up and multiply, and ttius till the
gaps In their ranks. The same holds good
of ducks and grouse, which aro also
keeping away from the man with the
gun. 'i he quail slay In the. trees, as they
uo not like the wet ground, and dogs have
no opportunity to work them.
Achllle Koos and other sportsmen who
ehoot in the vicinity of San i'ablo Hay are
watching the methods of a market hunter
who has his headquarters there. He sent
to market recently 14a birds as the result
of a day's work, and the report has
gained currency that he uses illegal
methods. It in intimated he Is netting
Borne birds, and tbat what shooting he
dot-* is with an eight-bore gun. a size
not countenanced by law. Mr. Koos, who
is a thorough sportsman, has had but lit
tle shooting on his San Pablo preserve,
there being no birds on the ponds.
Three member of the Black Jack Club
— Fred Johnson, "Billy" Swain and Uert
Patrick— shot over the club's Sherman
Island preserve last Sunday. A total of
nineteen birds fell to the three guns. They
were made up of widgeon, mallard and a
few black jacks. A heavy fog obscured
the ponds for a time, the birds being se
cured as It lifted for a •• ■.% minutes.
On Tuesday John Uemmer was in the
neighborhood on business, and after dis
posing of the work on hand had a try at
the ducks. He secured thirteen, mostly
*prig. ■
Bert Patrick and John Lemmer shot
I over the preserves on Thanksgiving day.
As guests the-y had Edward Lemm«r and
Frank Burgess. The total Dag was four
]tf en canvasbacks. five spoonbills and
some teal. Mr. Patrick says he saw some
unusually large flocks of ' "cans" llying
about, which means there should be good
sport on the marsh to-morrow.
Leon Carrau will shoot near San Pablo
to-morrow as the guest of Stanley O.
Scovern of the Olympic Gun Club.
The shooting near Alvarado was poor
; last Sunday, Frank . i light and the
other members securing ■ only seven
I birds. The members of tbu Spooney Gun
Club killed every duck they saw. This
I one bird approached the club's ponds by
I mistake.
riummf-r and MrPhilllps se
birds, mostly »v:;i;
N< \v;irk.
J' '• ' rla shooting regular].
malpals <'lul> ami
;*>rt after
ii-- h;ui t) ■ • :mi Wand's ESng*
. :. Flora \V, Cor the
«. 1..
E <}. R -1 a member of the
;art of his
■
: r «; \v. ideiser and
• r the Olympic Hun
Club pi B
Frsj jiend." a day In
the mldW4 > k at lh< "Point"
returns empty- 1
George Jackson and Sam Hughes se
cured a good bag of quail last week.
"Joo" E' nlngor. the wen-known grain
broker, and Sandy McNaughton spent the
week after ducks 01 the Suisun marshes,
and now the two sportsmen are congratu
lating themselves on having made a
record-breaking kill. In all they bagged
11. at' 250 ducks, which they distributed
among their many friends. To-night Mr.
•Eppinger will- engage in a duck-shooting
match with .Fred Bushnell. the well
known-photographer, who has developed
into a crack shot. The match will take
place on the Suisun marsh, and quite a
number of their friends have signified
their Intention of Ing present.
The members of th( Olympic Gun Club
had a successful shoot on Thanksgiving
day on their Cordelia preserve, ■/. A.
Marshall secured 15. Al Cumming 14, Dr.
Hibbaxd 7. H. F. Rose 7 and J. J. Wlrt
ner 3. Winner. Buiryhne and Harpham
have arranged to go after quail to-mor-
Three members of the Caavasback Club
hail good spoil last Sunday at Sulsun. J.
j Sweeney secured 22 ducks. \V. J. Hynes
12 and Phi! Wand 16. The members ex
pect a good shcot to-morrow.
slaved for the Vampires so as to bring
their team up to the full number:
\ -!iil>lr«-« •■•>n». &*"**<*•
WrwtrrMd Goalkpe^r McCartney
PHwoo.l « ac , k Connolly
Itob*>rtson Ilnck... Donald
S,,H ( ,ni Hallhock Camj.Lell
McDonald Halfback Bridge
Biphop Halfback Hose
Williamson Forward Jenkins
■ White Forward Cole*
I Carldy Forward Wyndhaai
Holland Forward Peacock
[Chamber* Forward. Mudd
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 2, 1899.
JOCKEYS WHO WILL HAVE A "LEG UP" IN STAKE RACES. ?
RA.CE-GOBRB of this city will see the cleverest of the American lockeys in the saddle fr.. m this time forward, i
At th«- present Tim.- there are but few notable riden among the U tee*. Tod G ■. irba rerolutfonlsed the -
methods of English nnv riders, i-- due shortly ami v. i mount In the big stak< Ided irhea '
the season is at Its height. At the present time Bddle Jones is high In the estimation "t" the public Alwaj
de\ ■ • man, he Is riding In better form to-day than at any time In his career. He baa ih> <-.|w,-ii in petti
fr.»m the barrier, b«-inK acknowledged the besi In the country at that part of the game. His courage has never been
questioned. H< ■• esbibttion of it recently, when, aft. r in ihk thrown heavily !■%• i>r Bernays, he remounted ami '
James Morgan, who is riding Mart Daly's hr.rses. wan the premier Jockej at New Yurk last spring He
d until an accident, in which he brok.- hi* collarbone, kept bin on! "f tiio saii.li.>. He is gradually !
kitting his f...rr;i and will l>f> heard tram l>.-f.»re the racing beauon < -• '. rgan has the blood of the Cherokee In- ]
■.:..-, but is of good disposition.
NAVAL MILITIA
WILL CHALLENGE
MEN-OF-WARSMEN
South End Junior Four to Row
Against "Midget" Crew at
Long Bridge.
NAVAL. Militia men on the Marlon
will organize a cutter crew, which
will issue challenges to the crews
of any foreign man-of-war that
may visit this port. The crew will bo
made up from all three divisions of the
Naval Battalion and will he. trained by
Henry Peterson. Tho Marlon has one of
the fastest racing cutters In the United
States navy and a new sot of cutter oars
has been purchased and specially trimmed
for racing. It is possible the officers may
organize a six-oared gig crew to pull
against the officers or visiting men-of
war.
Dr. C. C. Dennis, believing that racing
is the soul of any sport, Is in favor of
establishing regular races tO be held each
month among the members of the South
End Rowing Club. He thinks that prac
tice by oneself over .1 course is by no
means the same thing as rowing a race
and that the only way to pare satis
factorily for open races Is by holding club
regattas.
Now that the narrow-gauge mole at
Alamcda has been so much Improved it
will be easy to bold rowing races on Oak
land Creek. The dressing room for the
oarsmen, the grand stand for spectators,
the starling and finishing points can all be
on the mole. The contestants can step
from the dressing tent into their boats.
Kaces can be run off promptly and spec
tutors can return to San Francisco or to
their homes in Oakland or Alumeda di
rectly the events are over. THe railroad
company will lend a liberal support to the
protect. ;
The South End Rowing Club members
will begin their handball tournament to
morrow. The following teams a; • en
tered:. R. Clements and C Crelghton; J.
Humphrey and Al Hampton; J. O Dcs and
J. Walsh: T. I. Fitzpatrick and M. J.
Hreen: \v. Humphrey and Al Fritz; B.
Bhortall and T. Haynest B.* Scully, and
Dan Dougherty; J. Pallas and waiter
DupMssea. Several other entries are ex
pected.
The race between the "Midgets" and J.
Foley'H barge crew will take place to
"morrow morning off Long Bridge, and
there may also be an outiigged skiff race.
The entertainment given by the mem
bers of the Alameda Boat Club in Armory
Hall last week was successful, the hail
being packed to the doors. The show was
under the management of Theo Elsfeldt.
F. S. Cone. B. O. Hawks. 11. \V. Haas and
A. G. Burns. The amount realized from It
will be added to the boat fund.
The nominating committee of the Dol
phin Boating Club has prepared the fol
lowing ticket: For president. F. • W.
Woernner; vice president. E. II Coney;
treasurer, Adam Bchuppert: financial sec
retary. F. C Stall); recording secretary,
J. M. Fan-ell; captain, P. J. Sullivan; lieu
tenant captain. George Baker; sergeant
at-anns, Lester Hammersmith; executive
committee Frank McElrath and T. R.
Keenan; board of directors— William
Bush. A Michelettl and Dr. F. R. Axton;
delegates to the Pacific Association of the
Amateur. Athletic Union— A. P. . Rothkopff ,
J. B. Keenan and W. O. Patch.
PITCHER HUGHES
WILL TWIRL FOR
THE EASTERN MEN
The National Baseball League
Star Will Be Pitted Against
Harvey of Sacramento.
ALTHOUGH the Sacramento
champions met defeat In their
first game with the all-star aggre
gation of high-salaried ball- toners
from National League cities, they have
the satisfaction of knowing they were
not outclassed. .There is do telling what
might have happened if Stanley had • ■••'.
missed th« train. Stanley is the main
stay of tho champions and his absence
proved disastrous. Captain Sullivan of
: the Friscos, who oitlciated behind the
bat, is a gcod backstop, but •be never
handled Harvey's delivery before, and.
besides, the team work of the Sacramci
tos was all now to him. As a conse
quence he was responsible for a least
two of th» runs scored by the All-Call
fomions. Stanley will be in the game to
day and to-morrow and his fellow-cham
pions are confident the] will capture a
majority of the series. The Sunday game
is of course the one that will attract the
most attention, as It will be a content
between ray Hughes, the kingpin t wirier
of the country, and South Paw Harvey,
who has been drafted by Chicago for
next season. The 5000 people at the ball
game Thursday went wild with enthusi
asm over Harvey's work in :he box. lie
struck out such men as Van Haitre'i.
Reltz, Lockhead and Hughes, and held
the whole team down to three weak bits,
two of which were of the scratch order.
Harvey is a star of the first magnitude
and is capable of making even Hughes
look to Ills laurels.
"Kid" Hulen, who was to have played
with the • All-Callfornlans Thursday,
failed to appear owing to his preference
for a turkey dinner of home production.
He wired lrom Dixon yesterday that he
would be on hand for the remainder of
the series. Following is the line-up for
to-day:
All-Callfomian*.- rr*lUon«. Sacramento.
C. hR " c ' T» U i'" r Stanley
Knell Pitcher . Doyle
;M; M - •'-» * £" lr » l bas« abonnor
He.ltz Second ba*e tiitz
HuRhe....;...... v ..Th1rt has* Sl.eehan
Lockhoad Shortstop .... Pnu-kn
McCarthy U-ft new .'.Mci^u K hHn
\«n Haltren l^tner Held Bhanahan
Johnson »RlKht Held.: :... Harvey
» ♦ ■
A PIGEON'S LONG FLIGHT.
The members of the California Homing
Pigeon Club are testing their birds In
record flies now that all competitive
events are over for the season. A I'irl
from the loft of H. Walters is credited
with the longest flight of tn* year from
the southward It was liberated from
Lompuc, about 240 miles from here at T
a. in. and reached its owner's li.ft at
3:47:30 p. m. This trial has been made a
i number <v times this year by nwner-i of
I birds, but their representatives have
before reached home In safety The pig
eon was registered W 17, which indicates
1 that It was an old bird.
LEASHMEN HAVE
MUCH FOR WHICH
TO BE THANKFUL
Are Offered Unequaled Oppor
tunities to Run Their Dogs
for Good Purses.
1 1 10 thr*o coursinp parks offer In-
I ti r> rr.K |II'OS.I smiTW this w.-.'k.
M .v >-i Mateo Park the sport will
!■•• confined to t'i-mnrrow, the
■take nttractlr.R forty-eight entries.
MirmK thi'in such noted performers as
Connemara, Prince Hal, Bara, Lily of the
West. Carmendta, Whltehead, Golden
•ni Rode < 'lair.
I ri. 'ii Turk >>IT. rs an rl^hty-do^ «>tako.
containing winners on many n<i>is. Th«-s»;
Include M.-u-tor *"i;iir. Lady <"iar.-, Cava
lKr, WOd Tralee, Lady Emma. Sweet
Kmni.-i. Royal Flush. Walt a Little,
ThornnW, Morning Qlory, Victor Qoeen
unii othi-rs of tin- lame dasa,
a puppy stake and an open one. with a
total of ninety-nine entries, win keep
j.. Reilly and tiio other < ■tii.-i.i.i~, at [n
gleslde Park on the move to-day ami to
morrow. Chicago Hoy. Hill.' flair and
•niu-r cracks will nave tbeir work < - ut out
for then to k<-\ down Into the finals, upon
tin- rt-.-uit of which hang the big purses.
The efforts m fai made to i.rinf? to
gether i>. J. Healer's Blsquoc and J.
Kui.- in a special match
have proved unavailing. -Mr. Hcalej
a certificate <>i depotili for Ji><i from Peta
liiiiia in bind a match. The parties at In
ti i es4 did Dot • ome tog« i In the
meantime s. -■("•" was - 1 1 r ;• . k» • i with <n>
temper. This puts the match over f>>r
■ome uni.. .f it is ever made. Bmln
Pasha Is famous in the matter of trans
mitting oxtr. m.- speed to mis progeny, the
majority of his gel being brilliant per
ri vsii^ii young. Both Blsquoc and
n Kulr were sired i>> him. The for
mer is out .>i Wave ami wai whelped <>i
tdber i'». l>^'J v Tin- latter is out oi Busle,
r to Wave, ami was whelped July
Qolden Rule thus has an advan
: two sad a half nnuiih.o OVCT Sis
quoc
Will Thompson has decided that h»- will
nevei send Jesaamy to the sii]>s again.
She r.Jus.s to be <-atiKht after a <-ours.;
.u,. i gives her owner much trouble, bi
sides delaying the progresi .i the sport
wherever si^- may be running. Tiie trjiic
- • ins to run in the blood, as Th«- Wlzar.l.
from the ami st« ck scted in a iikf man
ner. He was running at a Tt-xas meeting
once and made his em ape. It was nine
days before be was recaptured, and then
In* had to be enticed Into a trap.
Thf Lowe A Thompson string will
Shortly be Increased by the addition of
two si"xti-»*n-month-old dogs. They axe of
amc litter us LJttle Fullerton.
I". !• Gallon's Lily of the West has won
four stakes out of five starts at Ingleslde
recently in the (severest competition, in
another Bhe finished third. She won
amon»; others the biff annual stake la
whirh the first prize- was $2'¥>.
Cat tain Cane has purchased Greenhall
from T. ("noney of San Jos« and has him
entered at Ingleslde to-day. In the pre
liminary round he Is drawn against H. A.
Deckelman's Rocker.
, p. J. Kolto has purchased a brace of
COLLIE CLUB MEN
PREPARE FOR THE
SHOW AT OAKLAND
Over Three Hundred High-Class
Dogs Will Be Benched for
Competition.
ENTlMl'.ri (or the second annual
Lifurnla <.*ol-
Cluta At Oakland closed on
the 20th ult. Although the oJu
ci.-ils of the club have not yet tabulated
the entries tv breeds it has been estab
lished that the total number of dogs en
tered Is well over the 300 mark. A silver
medal, bronze medal and diploma are of
fered as first, second and third prizes, re
spectively. Numerous cups, :nedals and
other trophies are offered as special
prizes.
W. U. Dick's English ma.stirt Bueno
Monte,* by Chln.o Don-Lola, will be neen
on the bench and will take .1 lot of beat
iii« In the novice and open classes. It Is
rarely that a mastiff develops mt rapia
ly as Bueno has done since his debut In
the puppy class at San Francisco.
• nterei] are
som< cracks from the northern kennels,
.1 w. r .
\rtist fron. \
t'Tia.
l'hilip Meyers has purchased from Mrs.
Lee or >ledo, Ohio, the well-known bt,
Bernard Alia Rachel, by Champion St.
Leonard-Princess KnchH. Alta Rachel
arrlv d in this city on Monday last and
wi'J be shown at Oakland In line cor.ul-
Uon.
J. J. Dyer has entered two English set
ter puppies by Gladstar-Far.nle ONe!!.
They are about eight months old and will
probably capture the ribbons.
John K. -I- Ruyter has sold to a De
courtieux the English setter Verona Cash,
by Count Gladstone IV-Dalsy. Veronv
Cash is nearly three years c!d and will
probably !>♦• a competitor at HakerMUld
In the all-.-ipe stake of the n>!d trial/.
Owen Lloyd has arranged to breed his
fox terrier Melba to Dr. F. W. d'Eve
lyn's Defender, which is said to posaesa
the best l-l'-i-id lines of any doc: of his
breed in this country. Thomas J. Har
ding will treed his Liven ack setter
Countess Lucy II to Horsburgh's mag
nificent Llewellyn, Sunset
Joseph Langenderfer. the well-known
racing man, has purchased from H. 11.
Carlton i red cocker dog puppy by
Champion Viscount-Oakstde Trilby. Tt«
puppy li 100 young to be shown at Oak
l.-ir.u, but will make his marK .it the San
Franctw spring show.
George L. Bralnard of Berkeley has
disposed of his. blue great dane Don
Caesar, by Victor-Princess Dagmar, to
Anthony H. Hush of Deooto. Don Caesar
»ai previously sold to a. A. Gilbert of
Oakland, but as the dog persisted in re
turning to. his former owner Mr. Gilbert
in olrgnst agreed to Mr. Uralnard's oiler
to annul th* sale.
Jockey Thorpe has bought from Hugh
McCraoken a St. Bernard pud by RejC
lov Jr. for 190. Both vender and purchaser
are Bold to be pleased with the oarmUn.
Mr. Dai.n's great dane Brutus, by
Blinker Ilurpny-Mona, was recently
Stepped on by ■ horse and retaliate!
with a severe bite on his assailant* of-
i ending number. Brutus Is Kit 11 slight 1/
!nme. but h Is hoped that the affection
is oiily temporary ami that it will not
dnmat;e Ills prospects of success at the
spring show.
Mr. Dougherty's black, white and tan
English setter dosr Keystone W was
killed last week .it the corner of Mission
and Fifteenth streets by an electric car.
'l no loss is a severe one to his owner, as
tne dog v.as a handsome one. lie was
the winner of three first prizes at the
Bo l-"r;itn .si " show.
Timothy Hopkins' English mastiff Lola
Xlontez. by Chlno Don-Lola, was severely
lamed last week by jumping from a
trap writi. was tKiDg driven at a htsti
rue if .'t* 11 ' Dr. K. 0 Steers has the
dog under treatment and hopes to pre
vent a prrin i. en injury.
ft ♦ • ♦ *-•-♦-♦-♦-♦-♦-•-♦-•-♦--•-#
puppies from T. E. Gibson. They are by
Flreball-Mollie Dawn.
St. rl & Knowles' Amarosa, bred by D.
J. Healey of Pctalumu. Is to he mated
with For Freedom. Amarosa Is of the
famous Rusty Gold-Wave litter, all of
which are proving great performers on
the coursing field.
Curtis & Sons, the San Jose coursing
men, have lost .1 brace of valuable pup
pies through distemper. One mi by Sky
rocket-Vanity Fair and the other by Mas
ter Qleokirk-Laas o' Gowrle.
Ohs Abercromble has placed Rock Isl
and King, Rock Island Boy and others of
his flyers under the care of Tom Mulcas
tor. the trainer. He will give them a spe
cial preparation in anticipation of big
events to come.
J. Horn's Bona, the dam of the phenom
enal youngster Recording Angel, has been
1 red to For Freedom.
Th.- annual meeting of the Ingleslde-
Courslng Club will be held next Tuesday
nt Pythian Castle. A board of directors
for the ensiling year will be elected.
STEELHEADS WILL THRIVE.
From present Indications there will be
but little steelhcad fishing In th. coast
streams this winter. The heavy rains
have lined the streams to overflowing
making of them rushing torrents. As the
stoelheads have had two bad seasons they
were In danger of becoming almost ex
tinct. With a chance to breed and develop
this year they will afford excellent sport
next season. *^
Fishermen are complaining that the
woodchoppers on the I>agunltas are de
stroying the steelheads with dynamite and
also by spearing them. The ttsh are going
into the Paper-mill Creek to spawn ami
each one killed destroys hundreds of
jrgunß nab. in embryo.
OAKLAND GOLFERS
WILL QUALIFY AT
PRESIDIO LINKS
Final Rounds of Thanksgiving
Day Handicaps to Be Played
at San Rafael.
SEVERAL. Oakland golfers visited
the Presidio links on Thanksgiv
ing day with the Intention of try
ing to qualify for the op«n com
petition, match play, to be given under
the auspices of the Oakland and San
Francisco clubs on the r .»th Inst. Vice,
Captain P. E. Bowles and another Oak
land pliiy.r went around the course with
David Suphenson (who has returned from
San Jose) as scorer. E. It. FotgOT and K.
M Fitzgerald also played over the I*re
sidio course, but decided to wait until
Sunday before trying to qualify for the
open tournament. Several ladles were
out on the links, amung them being Mrs.
Chcnery and Mrs. \V. G. Miller. The qual
ifying rounds for the open tournament aro
at eighteen holes, medal play, and It I*
likely many players will endeavor to qual
ify this afternoon and to-morrow. Secre
taries H. M. A. Miller and S. I* Abbot Jr.
have received replies from several clubs
on the Pacific Coast to the circulars in
viting members to enter the tournament,
and hope to have golfers from Portland,
Tacoma and Southern California among
the competitors. The sixteen players who
make the lowest scores In the qualifying
rounds, which must be played beforo tho
9th last., the first day of the tournament,
will be eligible tv play in the tournament.
In the opening and second rounds the play
will bo over eighteen holes, but In the
seml-llnal and final rounds ii wIU bo over
thirty-six holes.
So many of the Oakland golfers wero
attracted to Son Francisco to witness the
Thanksgiving day football match that the
handicap mixed foursomes tot stiver
trophies were not pluyed. and even the i- -
ceptlon and musicule in the clubhouse did
not take place. The Oakland schedule of
events has not been lived up to for the
past two months, the players having »»- « i>
more anxious to improve their game un
der the tuition of Anderson and Itawlins
than to play in competitions.
On Thanksgiving uay m-arly a score of
golfcrj, both men and women, visited :!.■■
San Rafael links, there being eleven en
tries for the men's handicap and Mx for
the women's, Both events were mutch
play, the men's nvtr eighteen holes and
the other over nine holes. In tho men's
competition Lieutenant T. G. Roberts. I.
8. N . and R. Oilman Brown played fn>m
scratch, the rest receiving handicaps us
follows:
J. J. Crooks MtOUOfllOiiiflinnfli— j
(}. Hcazrlton 0lli>tlO>)li»UM! <>l - j
It J. I™-. onoitiKiimtiini.<'i_i.)
Baron yon Schnx-der OlloiiPtOllittl'Mm— j >
Huron A. yon Hchroeder UlltlllllltllllH-H
Dr. 11. O. Ilowitt lIIIIIIUIUUIIII-I1
11. P. Sonntag tllllllllUlliim-M
r. 11. Oreen ifflTimiUHttO-H
fa. 11. Hoar.lm.in li *■ . :,: : ! . . .i i ! :-;
In the women's handicap Mr*. R G
Brown played from scratch and the oth
ers received handicaps as follows : Miss
C. O'Connor I 1 1 1/ 1 0 1 0 I—6. Mi.^st M
O'Connor 112 1112 1 2-12. Mr* j j
F r ,°? AHA H r£ 7 '- 1 1. 2 : : - i:# - Ml " 9 aiuiim* i i
1 1 1 0 1 " 1-7. Mrs. Bret-den 2 12 12 12
This afternoon Lieutenant T. G Rob
erts scratch, and G. Ihazelton. handicap
9. will play tho Una' rounds of the m*>n'»
handicap, and Mr.- R. Gllm;in Brown
scratch, and Mrs. Bneden. handicap 11.
will play th- final round of th«> women's
handicap. Th»« Fortnightly handicap, sot
f.>r to-day, will not take place, but th-re
will bo competitions in driving and nr>
prcachlngr. •
The women's perpetual championship
trophy now held by tho Nassau Country
Club of which IflM Ruth I'mlerhlll |r «
member fa.i presented to the I'nlN-l
States Golf Association by Robort Cox
a member of the British Parliament fn>ni
Kdlnburgh. He. died recently and tho In,
XtP,\ nT ,L of h L s estate n "" fllo.l m
ti t^btea, tto net val " e h<"fng nearly
5 -J .000 t UUO«
The famous Troon and Prostwlrk link*
In Scotland aro so near «-nrh other that
a player who belongs to both tho clubs
may play over a 26-hole courso or a #!N
tanco of 11^S3 yards. It has boon pr.>
poBPd to make arrangements between fho
M. ndow Brook Club and tho Garden ritv
Golf Club, whose links ndjoln each otli»-r
on Hempstoad Plains, whorehy the m-m
bers of each club may play over a &;-hot*
course. Most of tno MnaiaoTi Bruolc
courso. which was laid out about six
years ago. is on a tract of 400 ncrrs be
longing to the Stewart estate, which nl«o
owns tho courso of tho Garden City Club
nnd the land betwoon tho. two links Th<»
Meadow Brook course |* 2*73 yards lon''
and tho Garden City IS-hole links have ",\
playing length of .WO yards. If nlno new
long holes were laid out. the two link*
taken together would give n .T>-h..10
course. Th.- Hempstend Plains are
naturally exceedingly suitable tor golf
1 and th.- proposed 3H-holo course wntiuj
prove a great attraction for golfers
, Records over It would bo highly prlz-d'
and would fix tho standard of a player's
game. Herbert Hnrrlmnn. the nmatour
champion of tho Knlted States. Is a metn
bor of both clubs and In favor ».f tn«
project, which presents no difficulties .h
the turf all over tho Hempstead I'lnlns
holds a ball up well; wnt*r Is nlrnily
piped to all the rre«»ns of tho Garden City
links, and tho additional nlno holes n<ve*>
sary could »>•• easily laid out.
The tournament for tho women's cham
• pionship of th' yenr. held on tho links i.f
I the Philadelphia Country Club nt B*!a
was so important that It might fairly be*
called a national evont. Bovonty-o!~ht
entries wero ni.i.l. from cities as far
apart as Philadelphia. Chicago PlM*
burg. Baltimore, Cincinnati. Ncwpor aid
Albany. Golf Is a game eminently
adapted for women, as. while making no
groat demands on physical strength. It
calls for caro. precision, good temper,
nerve and tenacity. Of course as In nth »r
i physical exercises and sports, tho host
male player will always • boat tho best
woman golfer, but there I* no reason why
', a woman should not play nn oxp»'llcnt
short game, and th:' 1 Is a very Important
part of any golf competition. Miss Ruth
I'ndorhlll owes her championship mainly
to her a rate short game, for Mrs.
Caleb F. Fox (who defeated tho famous
Miss Beatrix Hoyt. thr< times rhnm
ploni. drove farther nnd did hotter
' brassle work, but Miss fndorhlll's sh<->rt
putting was careful and accurnto. Soy
! oral tlmos Mi* I.'nderhlll halved hrt.-s
■ that should have been won by Mrs. Pox.
an/1 at the seventeenth hole her opponent
missed two puts, and lost the hole, tho
match and the championship.
DOINGS OF THE BOXERS.
Herbert McKell. the Australian >wixer.
left last. Monday for England; by way '>f
Vancouver. He could get no dc.<r.ibl©
match here an I alsn found there wn» no
opening In New Vorlc. the clubs 'vlng
their cards made up some month* In ad
vance. , "■■ -'■-
Some high-dan bouts are promised the
local followers of tho game. Th»« unt
come of the meeting between Kid Pnrker
and Rufe Turner has aroused consider
able Interest as Parker has m.i<!<« a t*pu
tatlon as an aggressive fl«htor. whll*
Turner's style Is much ndmlred. tie '* »
likely candidato for championship tnnnrs
If he tan emerge from his forthcoming
engagement wllh colors flying- P.irkT
has established trmlnli . fiunrtpr* at
Blanken's Six-mile House. Wlll!« Hole,
who Is matched with Clarence Hlteh - is
at the same place.
56
lEht
SATURDAY DECEMBER 2, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Commurucat'Onj to •• S. LEAKE. Manager
It 'DLICATIOX OFFICE... Market, and Third, 5. F.
Ted phone Mala I miv.
i:tIITOKIAL MOW 217 to 221 Stcreaion St.
Trlrphone Mala 1H74.
Hclllfrrd by Carrier*. 15 Cent* rer Weelc
Mnifle I or-le*. n (>nl*.
Term« l»y Mall. Including-, roatasret • •.
IKILVCAI.L (Infiniijnu >uudn) >. one vnr. . *«.OO :
DAILY < Ml nn.ludlaa; MindiiyS. «l month*. ." '3.00
DAILY CALL '.Il.l«l<lill|i »ntnl»ji. 3 BlMUthlt. . 1 .'•<>
DAILY CALL — D» »iii C |.. Month 'Wo,
M \»*Y 1 «1.l linr Year...... I.RO
\vi;i:ki.v call om. v^oi-..! ..,,,, 1.00 i
All po.lMi.irri. arr antfaortied to rrcclrr
»v h«'r i j»ll oil*.
Sample ropln ill be furnnriird Trb«n reqneated '
OAKLAMD OFFICK !>OS Itroadwar
c (MBOM 1 KttoGjnsss,
"»■••« Korel Advrrtialnc, Mnrqnrtte Oalld-
Ini;. 1 Moijto.
m %% voiik roititi:sro>nßvrt
O. C CAULTOX Ut- 1 i.1.l Square
xicw voiiK ni:riti:si:>TATivct
l>rcittlY LlM.Ns.lll _•■.( Triliiiiif Ilnlldlnir
tmcAOo m:\vs sta.vdsi
Sherman Mouar. I*. O. \ .-•<•• Co.; Great North
ern Hotel; Fremont Doniri \u000drlnm Hotel.
n \% YORK m.w* Rinii
Wnldorf-utorin Hotel i A. llrentnuo. 31 Union
Sqn&ret Murrn. Hill M..1.1.
%VAAIIIXGTO\ ill. C.» on 14 , . Wellington Hotel
J. 1.. EKQUSIL <<irreK|>nndent.
nn\\ril "ITlirv Mff Uontaromerr street, cor- I
ncr < lav open until '• .Mt o'clock. :t«M» llnir. j
•"•'"■ open until HiSO o'rlnrk. «:t» M<-\M <- \ 1 1 1 1 1 •• r i
xtrrei. open until II (.'to o'clock. <lir» I.arkln j
*"■'■'■'■ .|.. n until «l ;.tO o'clock. lIMI Mlaaloa '
-in-. .. open until 10 o'clock. 22«tl Market
Mi.fi. corner >-i\t.ritth. open until II o'clock.
ICIUfI \ulenrin Mrrri, open nntll l» o'clock.
J«m» Klevcnib .irrfi, open until U ...1...
>\V. corner T«vrnl;-nrpnnd and Kentucky
«ireet«. open tin 1 11 it o'clttck.
AMUSEMENTS.
Orpbeum— Vaudeville.
Columbia— - .andiiah "
Ca.l:fornla— "Th^ Sj»ortln« Duchma."
Tlvoll— ••CavalJerla* and "I*a«llao»i."
Grand Ojxrra Hihi»c— •"nvan«i-11r.e."
Alraxar— "Saista aad S!nner»."
Alharr.br«— "ln Old Kentucky."
Chuwa. Zoo and Theater- VauJ^\il> »v»r>' afternoon and
•\-«n!nc.
«oynipla, <v>rnrr l!umi and Ellis rtiwu^ Speclaltlfa.
C«»r.trmJ Pirir flTncpirrTuM aad Oootf Island.
i •■■■ '»-■. Battle of MxnlU ivy. Market urct, nrar
Eighth.
Ju>' rratlnn Park— nan^all to-4a.r.
lUri-trark~lUcr«.
AUCTION SAXES.
Cy A. W. l,'u.l»rt>a' k— Mnniay. December, i. at X and S
p. ni.. Turkhh ltujca. «t 117 Butter Ftre«t.
SPRING COURSE OF HOME CIRCLE
STUDY.
- • term of ! '
\ intil the middle
rrangenfents are already 1
term.
bat enough has been ac-
iders
• .:;ning, winch have proven to
!>c .succeeded by others of equal
liei have thus far been decided upon
ire Hist :y o: American
Ama-
Biographical
n in French. It ii
• i study of the
ements ot science,
jrange it. Such
• The stand
idies i* that every paper of
< ' -hed authority and
tot None but men and
the world at education and
ahat The Call expects
c Studies, consequ'
- Tientitir series the first
•^rs of known ability in that
•'duct negotiations with
. -lderable cost will be
but no expense will be spared.
• Home i irue, therefore, may be
ing during the spring the op
v.petcnt masters ail
' :n the way of liquefying
::iout wirr graphing in the
levements equally interesting, use
rsrs already prepared several have
lateness to the
- to ushe: cparatiooi
the fall, and accordingly
I in the sc- ipers on Ameri
■ will be sixteen papers dealing
• ings and Tories of the Revu
• . The Decline
• Jackson; The Origin of
the V |ht» as a Party Issue,
T:gir. of the Kepub
• iflto, and Minor Parties Pre
■
Th<- Practical Photography for
I exceptionally interesting
• tbf reason of the approach of the
a hen so many persons delight in
Equally appropriate to the
c Lessons in French by reason oi the
r .ericans who will attend the Paris
Exposition All classes of literary people at all sea
sons • — rtion and pleasure in the careful
and I ich are to be included in the
Literature In that series
wiii be j. - | the whole history of letters
from • .tire and the Book of the Dead
■ ugh the apes to our own time, including ar
on the literature of the Hebrews, Greeks,
Rotr.:.: - • - Renaiitanee.
F" the courses will be given
later on. when all arrangements have been com
4 In 'he meainme it - v.iy that when
mom running have been completed
: i i r > riv succeeded bf the spring
■ If to the outline we have given.
From the way Congressmen are talking it would
h^ assumed that this session is to be strictly business
were it not tor the fact that the American people have
heard so many Congressman talk before -ad talk in
the same way.
•'■>n that nowhere on the planrt
was /here : Setter, hsppier or more beautii'i.
Thanksgiving day tii*n that which shone for San
Francisco
"THE LEADING PEOPLE."
T — VEPEATEDLY from both army and navy of-
Ly iiccrs and from -many in civil life has come the
* * rtatefnent that in Cuba only "the leading peo
ple" shouid be consulted about the fate of the island.
c are described as the wealthy people, who lead
only ia the sense of having property. They are rep
resented M wishing annexation to the United States
land the advice is not lacking that we maintain mili
tary government of th* island, exclude all but "the
. . " from the franchise and then take a
vi te on annexation. We do not hesitate to denounce
this scheme as a national crime of the first order.
Were these "leading people" in arms righting for in
! dependence and enduring the sore persecution of
I Spain? No. Are "they people in whose behalf we
I declared war? No Are they the patriots who
'. were eulugized in our Congress as the equals of our
j revolutionary forefathers? No. Were they the
I starving recoticentrados who were the victims of
Weyler's decree? No. Vet we propose to disfran
1 rhise the entire class of people who made the insur
rection, did the fighting, furnished the martyr*,
aspired to freedom and had so cemented Cuba libre
' with their blood that our Congress declared it to be,
j and to be of right, independent. All these are to be
t Ragged, their voices are to be silent, their wish
i ignored, their sacrifices forgotten and the country they
bled for and the independence for which so many
died are to be sold out from under them by the votes
bf "the leading people."
We raise the voice of warning and alarm against
the United States assuming anywhere to base policy
, and government upon the foundation of "the leading
Thi-. republic was founded mainly against this same
•f "lrading people." The plain and largely un
lettered folk fought for it and won its independence.
Israel i'utnam couid barely write his name, but his
■ •te liberty so large that the far nations
. it. John Starke was not one of the lead
a rough, unlettered man. but he expressed
his opinion of liberty at Bennington in a way that
l the hearts of the plain people to this day.
There has been too much of thi« preference of the
01 of "the leading people" in diha .md the
Philippines ami Hawaii If we create government
d D the lines of wealth and position, ignoring
we are establishing an an.-tneracy as
' is any in the world ( >ur plain people at
home will not fail t<-> see that government by. for and
; le" anywhere is the deadly enemy
• the whole people.
;n.; n. lei u< remind the men who are planning this
cr:m< • that the iwie will finally go to judg
• in this country nnd will be passed upon not by
"the leading people."' but by the whole people, and in
that day of judgment it may go hard with the men
the nine-tenth* of plain people
"the leading people** only, take their
wi»h as ample reason for committing the crime of
breaking our wnfd to the world and violating our
<c of independence to the Cuban patriots.
Another accident that would have been frightful in
its sacrifice of human life hai been narrowly averted
on the Oakland mole. If this sort of thing continues
local poolse'.lers will be selling mutuels on the chances
of a safe ride on Southern Pacific trains.
HON. BRIGHT ROBERTS.
>« R. RORF.RTS of Utah ha? the rare distinction
/ \ of being a national issue. As such he is
* * "viewed with alarm." and. as far as is known,
is not pointed to with pride outside his several do
mestic esr. ts, where his record as a father
i to be first c!. I lia> put up money
enough to hire the best lawyers in the country, who
will submit a list of the Mesdames Roberts to Con
and appeal to that t>",!y to avoid the contami
nating contact of such a niultiwived member. As two
of these lawyers, Mr. Edmonds and Mr. Carlisle, have
been in Congress, they urill i i unore to the
of keeping pure the reputation ot that vestal
Various defenses are being put up for Mr. Roberts.
The best of them is in the form of a legal argument
made by himself. He says he married his fine string
rea before tit admission of Utah as a State under
a constitution forbidding sm-h marriages. He denies
having married any more since that time and defies
any one to point out any prohibition in the Utah
constitution that forbids him living with the wives
he married before. There is in this argument a
question of very serious weight The Utah constitu
tion is not retroactive: therefore it does not affect
Mr. Roberts' several weldings. Just how it treats
his living with more than one woman we don'i know,
but we doubt whether the fact of such association it
adequate legal ground for refusing him a seat in
• : for expelling him when seated.
If Mr. Roberts have a lawyer he may bring among
hi« authorities the case of the woman taken in adul
tery and about to be stoned to death, but who was
saved by confining the execution to such in the
crowd ts were themselves without sin. It may be
that if the Speaker of the next House should (ling a
bo hit Roberts for the offense charged a ma
jority of the members would duck their heads — but,
then, public opinion must and shall be respected.
Senator Rawlins of Utah has made a less strong de
fense of Roberts, in which he denies that polygamy
is tolerated in Utah.
We outsiders are well aware that the heart of man
is prone to evil as the sparks to fly upward, and we
We outsiders are well aware that the heart of man
is prone to evil as the sparks to fly upward, and we
also know that punishment of plural marriages in
Utah, whether called polygamy or unlawful co
habitation, is in the hands of juries, and we very
much douhf whether testimony enough ran ever be
produced in such cases to prevent a Mormon iury
giving an ?.ccused polygamist the benefit of a doubt.
An anti-polygamy amendment to the Federal consti
tution is the proper remedy, but as that would con
tlir* with our pledge to our new fellow-citizen, the
Sultaii of Sulu, we doubt whether Congress will pro
j o*e it.
If Governor Gage could hide himself from public
view as successfully as he hides public documents
from inspection it is not likely that any one would
demand an order of court for him to show himself.
THE COMING CONGRESS.
WHEN the determination of Tom Reed to retire
from Congress was announced and it became
known that a new man would have to be chosen
for the Speakership of this Congress a movement was
started to bring about a change in the rules under
which the Imvine.-s of the House is carried on It
was well known there had been a good dea] of objec
tion to the vast powers given to the Speaker under
the Reed rule^nd it was believed the objectors were
sufficiently strong to make pure of a change
Later reports from Washington show it is by no
means certain that the advocates of the old system of
leaving the House to govern itself will succeed in
their efforts. Their campaign of last summer against
THE SAN FRANCTSCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 2. 1899.
the Reed rules was, it appears, much more declama
tory than effective. .Mr. Henderson, the prospective
Speaker, is said to have declared himself in favor of
retaining the Reed rules and his voice will go a long
way toward deciding the question.
There are very strong reasons why the rules
under which Mr. Reed managed to enable the House
to attend to business despite the efforts of a turbulent
minority to prevent it should be continued at this
session. There is a great deal of business that ought
to be attended to and much of it is of urgent import
ance. The money question presents two distinct
issues, that of fixing the standard beyond the power
of a President to tamper with and that of reforming
our banking and currency system, and each of these
should be dealt with promptly. To these may be
added as matters of urgency the passage of a mer
chant marine bill, a_j-evision of the war revenue act,
the establishment of a form of government for Hawaii
and Porto Rico, the enactment of the Nicaragua
Canal bill and a bill providing for more stringent re
strictions upon immigration.
Each of these measures is sure to meet with strong
opposition. There will be a fight made against evcy
one of them and in the contest the opponents of the
measure will not hesitate to make use of all means of
delay which the rules of the House may place in their
power. It is certain then that if the Reed rules be set
aside the new Speaker will be seriously handicapped in
his efforts to keep the House in order and hasten the
accomplishment of public business.
General Henderson can be safely trusted with all
the powers given to Speaker Reed. He has attained
the position of prospective successor to Reed with
out having to resort to any intrigue or wire-pulling to
accomplish it. As soon as it was known that Reed
would retire the thoughts of a majority of the Re
publicans of the House turned to General Henderson
and he became their candidate without solicitation on
his part. Under these circumstances he enters the
contest for the Speakership with such assurances of
support as will enable him to attain the office un
hampered by any pledges which would interfere with
the just and right fulfillment of its duties. There can
therefore be no valid reason for taking from him any
of the powers vested in his predecessor and it is to be
hoped no effort to do so will be successful.
British generals continue to claim victories in their
reports from South Africa, but still there is nothing
in them which inclines the folks at home to have a
season of thanksgiving.
WHILE we recognize the need of wisdom and
conservatism in expenditures ffto t public im
provements, we also recognize the right of
the people to act directly upon the issue of bonds for
purposes that are beyond the reach of an immediate
tax icvy.
San Francisco has enjoyed the distinction of bein£
the only large city in the Union with practically no
bonded debt. Thanks to the wisdom of Frank
McCoppin and other early administrators of
city aftairs, the government of San Francisco
has never gone far astray from the interests
of the people, and such charges as have been brought
against any part of the city government have rarely
related to vicious handling of public money. With t
good reputation, as the reputations of cities go, San
Francisco may well add thereto a Character that comes
from adequate public improvements.
The plans now proposed for additional park facili
ties, more sewers and better and schoolhouses that
are modern are not of recent origin. Hon. Frank
Xewlands, a dozen years ago. published a compre
hensive essay on what might be done to make the
best use of San Francisco's climatic and scenic ad
vantages, in which all that is now proposed was
pointed out, and many more improvements were sug-
gc«t< •■! .md discussed. Mr. Newlaadf still shares in
the control of large properties here, although now a
citizen and public character of Nevada. Since he has
represented that State in Congress he has been a
large investor in Washington City and is competent
to speak of the effect of fine public improvements,
parks, sewers and public buildings \ipon real estate.
Washington, though in a trying climate, has of late
years become the fashionable residence city of the
East, because of its beautiful boulevarded and
smoothly paved streets and its large number of parks,
pleasure grounds and fine public drives. If it is said
th.it people go there to live, drawn by the fact that, it
is the capital of the republic and the center of all the
attractions and pageantry of government, an error
is uttered. Everything iliat Washington City has now
of pomp and circumstance she had when Pennsyl
vania avenue was a mudhole in which inaugural pro
cessions mired down unless the mud were frozen hard
enough to bear a load on the 4th of March. But no
one then chose it as a place of residence, and the
officers of the Government spent as much time out
side the District of Columbia as possible. But
Washington has changed since then. It has been
made one of the most beautiful cities in the world,
and people who are able to live where they please go
there. Mr. Cleveland while in his first term changed
the Presidential custom of living elsewhere, and
bought a charming place within the District as a pri
vate home for his family.
The hundreds of rich families which have made
homes there within the last twenty years make the
city a better business place than it used to be when
its retail trade depended solely upon the Government
officers ajjd clerks in the departments.
San Francisco, with everything desirable in cli
mate and set in the midst of the most inspiring natu
ral scenery, owes it to herself to make better use of
her many natural advantages by calling art to adorn
her with proper public improvements. The effect of
such improvements cannot fail to be good.
The trouble with the Harpers seems to have been
due to a belief that they had a sure thing and so they
neglected to keep up with the age in the way of
machinery and business methods. The new manage
ment purposes to begin by equipping the business
with an up-to-date plant and may therefore be ex
pected to flourish, for a plant suited to the age is a
plant that will grow.
There is a disposition on the part of Washington
officials to make General Wood the surgeon generil
of the United States army. This seems ominous
in conjunction with the report that the Cubans are
determined to revolt. Their anatomy has not been
studied for nothing by General Wood.
There is a rumor that the President will send to
this Congress one of the longest messages on rec
ord, but as the rumor is not based upon absolutely
sure authority we can still hope for better things.
The piemakers of New England and New York
have organized a trust. This ought to bring the
pains and discomforts of dyspepsia within the reach
of even the poorest.
It is about even betting whether the Boer besiegers
or the British relievers will get into Ladysmith first.
PUBLIC IMPROVEMENTS.
UNCLE SAM: A MAGNIFICENT SHOWING— THE FIGURES TALK FOR THEMSELVES.— H V Tribune.
TJhe {People's Column,
Ths Call does not hold Ustlf ntpon<ibl for
th* cpimotti publish/d in thts column,
but presents them for vihatevtr valui
thty may have as communications of
gtntral tnttrest.
IN ANSWER TO
JOHN HAYS HAMMOND
Editor The Call: Had John Hays Ham
mond be<Mi taken In arms in England or
the United St.u<s against, the institutions
of either of those countries while under
the protection of their laws and the en
joyment of their hospitality, as I.
taken in arms against the Boers while In
the enjoyment of their protection and
th.-ir hospitality, it is saf.- to conclude
that no pressure from without nor senti
ment from within wouM have sav
neck of John Hays Hammond from swift
and effectual contact with the hangman's
:■•■; ft,
But this nickel-plated American d!<l his
buccaneering in a country and aKalnst a
people less "advanced In the arts of civil
isation" than the gTeat "Anglo-Saxon na
tions." and. th.irk.s to the misplaced mag
nanimity of the Boers, who spared his
Ignominious neck, this John Hays Ham
mond is able to-day. In gang-plank Inter
views, to advise th.^ American p.opie as
to the Issues between the Hoers, to wn< se
manly forbearance he owes his worthless
hf«-. and the British, whoso gold has
tinged hi» opinions and debased his ac
cent.
The American people need no assistance
from tills eoavicted buccaneer to f'-rm an
Intelligent opinion as to the merits of a
war waned In the Interests of those who
under all their alleged wrongs havi
pessed th«>msrlven of nine-tenths of the
country and property of their oppress
ors (?). HENRY J. WEEKS,
4P7 Fourth avenue. East Oakland-
November 31, 1599.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
John r?<">yd. a merchant of Vancouver,
B. C, la a K'""t ;ii thg Palace.
P. E. KadcllnV. U. 8. N.. Is one of the
arrivids of yesterday at the Occidental.
\Y. EL Back, a Vacavllle fruit pack* r.
is at the Grand, accompanied by his wife.
J. 15. Peaks, a Santa Crux hotel man
and capitalist. Is staying at the Patuce
for a few days.
James F. Peek, the well-known Mer
ced attorney, is among the recent ar
rival* at the Lick.
S. N. Griffith :\n<\ W. H. McKenzle, two
f.irtunßte oil speculators of Fresno, are
registered at the Lick.
J. C Campbell, a wealthy mine owner
of Nevada <'lty, CaL, Is registered for a
short stay at the Grand.
E. W. Carr, a contractor of Plnoio. i 8i 8
registered at the Grand, where he will
remain for the next few days.
Paula C. de Cruz, a wealthy aristocrat
of Guatemala, Is registered at the Oc l
dental for a winter vacation In Califor
nia.
W. R. Mackenzie, one of the leading
railroad men of Portland. Or. is at tlie
Palace while on a business trip to this
city.
G. E. Fraser. one of th« best kmjwn
business men of Sherbrooke. Canada, Is
■ piest at Urn Occidental, where he ar
rived yesterday.
John McOulnness, a prominent -evi
dent of Butto, Mont.. Is at the Halure
while on a trip to this city to attend to
some personal business matters.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YIIRK, Dec. 1.-At the Fifth Aye-
nue— Charles W. Reed, Miss Reed, Miss
Alice Reed-, "f la>s Angeles; at the Hoff
man—J. K. Carpenter of San Fra:.
at the Imperial Adulph I'h! of San Fran
cisco; at the Sutherland— Ml?s F. G. Dean.
Miss E. \V.. Dean. 0! San Franctaod.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
NANCE O'NEll^-J. M.. city. "Nance
O'Nell' is the stage name of Gertrude
Lomson.
MINT HARK— C H.. City. The mint
mark "D." which appears only on gold
ruins, represent! the Issue from th«> m;nt
at I '."ihluruga. Oa.. which was established
in IWS ami closed In 18«1.
RAISING THE RENT-Subscribr>r.
City. When a landlord Intends to
the rent of a tenant he must give at least
fifteen days' notice of his intention to
do so.
FOURTH STRKKT CARS-O. A. Z., Al
am« d:i Cal. The Ellis-street cars ran
down Fourth street to Townsend for the
first time on tnc 17th of August. 1*96.
TARANTULAS— F. H.. Midway. Cal.
Tarantulas may be preserved by injecting
Into the body a preparation of six parts of
corrosive sublimate to 10) parts or water
placing the object in the position desired
and allowing it to dry.
LAUNDRY JOURNAL— A Subscriber.
City. There is no paper published in San
Francisio devoted exclusively to the laun
dry trade. Tht- only, one of that class pub
lished In th- Uiut-tl Btatea, according to
paper directory, is "The
Starch Room." printed in Chicago.
CAPE NOME— W., Phtlo. Cal. Cape
Nome Is distant from St. Michael approxi
mately ion miles. It Is northwest of St
Michael. The cape, it Is Bald, was named
for an English lieutenant named Norm*
who, while out with a surveying party
many years ago, discovered the point of
land.
STEWARDESS— S.. City. A person de
siring to go as stewardess on board of an
ocean steamer must make application at
the office of the line of steamers on one
of which she would like to go. The duty
of a steward.*** is to look after Urn want*
of the female passengers during th<
age. The naJary Paid depends on th« line
of steamer.*.
A COURSE IN NAVIOATION-P. IT.
1,.. City. A course In navigation
Francisco costs fn.m $40 to TO; the
tlon of such a course depend! upon the
previous kno»l.-.i X ,- the applicant has and
his ability to comprehend what is
taught: about two months will enable a
bright young man to master the studies.
lence is obtained by practical work
on a ship.
ANTS-M. X.. City. It is said that bo
rax, powdered, sprinkled around infested
places will drive away or exterminate red
or black ants. A plate grossed with lard
deposited where the ant* congregate will
attract them an. l tli.v will stick to the
lard. It la then an easy matter to • •
Die pesi and reset the plate, if th.
v new, it is possible that th.- anti
brought there in some parcel or in some
"old truck"' brought from another I
INVITATION TO \VKI>I >IXO - J. \V. T.
X . Cttjr. A writer on etlquetb
the subject of Invitation* lings:
■An answer to an Invitation to .1 we
P« ople living at
receiving .such Invitation Inclose
their cards and send by mail. Thoi
live in the locale where the wedding,
place and cannot attend elthei
cards by messenger or else leave such for
the bride within a few days after the
wedding."
CHAPPED HANDS-M. X., Clty>The
following is given as a means to cure
chapped hands: Wash the bands with
fine soap, and before removing U.-
scrub th»> hands with a ful of
Indian meal, rinsing thoroughly with ho ft
tepid water, using a lltti.- meal sacli tlm>
except the last; wipe the hands perfectly
dry; then rin .c them in s very lit 1
tor containing a teaspoonful of pure
glycerin, rubbing th« hands |o*
until the wnter has evapor
glycerin must be ah*oitrrely pur© or it
will irritate Instead of healing.
STATE BOARD OF EDUCATION'-E .
Martinet, CM. The State Board of Educa
tion of California Is composed of H. T.
Gape, Governor; Thomas J. Kirk. Super
intendent of Public Instruction; Benjamin
Ide Wheeler, president of the University
of California; Elmer E. Brown, professor
of pedaKpiry. University of California-
John McNauphton. president of the nor
mal school at San Jose; Edward T. Pierce
president of the normal school at Los
Angela*: Minor 1.. Seymour, acting presi
dent of the normal school at Chlco; Sam
uel T. Black, president of the normal
school at San Diego, and Dr. Frod I*.
Burk. president of the normal school In
San Francisco.
GENERAL OTIS AND STAFF — D..
City. The followinK named compose the'
personal staff of Major General Otis at
Manila: Chief of staff. Brigadier General
T. Schwan; aids. Captain H. A. Q
Twt-ntW'th Infantry; First Lieutenant T.
W. Slad» n. Fourt«>-nth Infantry; First
I.l> utenant D. S.. Stanley. Twenty-second
Infantry; adjutant. Lieutenant Colrtnel
Thomas H. Barry; Inspector ifen>-ral.
Lieutenant Colonel E. A. Garlington;
++++ ♦♦»♦»♦»♦♦♦♦ ♦♦♦♦•»-»^»^# *4tt«4«4»a.«.i , >.I.Jrtttf. 1 . Jrtttf ,t, t tt4 o
|- — — ■ — 1
\'£ % 2 f* 1 1 ♦
Sunday Call \
I 'December 3, 1899. \ ♦
>■■•______ ■ ■ l ~:
I r The Story of a Man Who Has Been
| I Held Fourteen Years in Jail for Trial.
•i —
I I THE TRICHINA CASE.
I • The Remarkable Discovery by Two San Francisco Phytician*—
'* * , Rachael Ash and Mil* Wightman. t-
! ? ' — — - ' ■ '
;; | the DEPRAVITY OF french SPORTS.
ill —
} I HOW SOLDIERS ARE TRAINED
I I FOR THE BRITISH ARMY.
! i THE LATEST WONDER-COMPRESSED AIR
; I
I t THE LATEST IN THE BOOK WORLD.
f • * , ' ' By PKOF- H. B. LATHROP of. Stanford
I; !MY EXPERIENCE AS AN AMATEUR AT THE
t f CHUTES AND OLYMPIC. V
,t t
T :t: ncnoN. fashions, DRAMATIC stars, AND MANY OTHER
t t INTERESTING FEATURES, ALL BEAUTIFULLY ILLUSTRATED.
Judge advocate. Major T. H. Cowder*
chief quartermaster. Major C. I' Mlller :
eh ef commissary. Major D. L. Bralnard:
chief »««"geon. Colonel C. R. Greenleaf :
chief paymaster. Lieutenant Colonel A b!
Tower; engineer officer. Captain C L.
Jotter; ordnance ofllcer. Lieutenant
MOJM 0 J ( onel n J i. R^ MfGinnlM: >!snal offlc*r.
Major R. E. Thompson.
A DISCHARGED SOLDIER-O. E. T.
An honorably discharged soldier from the
army of the United States by reason of
Physical disability, while he mlsht not b*
fit for the duties of a soldier. Is not barred
from taking an examination under United
States civil service rules for any position
he may be able to till. If he Is suffering
from disability resulting from disease In
curred In the line of duty, he Is undoubt
edly entitled to a pension. He had better
consult the offlrers of th*> pension depart
ment, at the northwest corner of Pine and
Sansome streets. In this city.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 610 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
■ Time to send your Eastern friends T-.WTl*
end's California glace fruits. SOc tt>. in firo
etched boxes. 8f Market. Palace Hotel •
Candy plum pudding*. Townwnd'i. •
Large assortment nut tame*. Townsend's."
George C. Ede Missing.
George C. Ede of 237 O'Farrell street
was reported at the Coroner's office ye*
terday an mlxslnp. He Ic-rt home on No
vember 23. leaving behind him hi* watch
and $1 73 and a note in which he stated
that his landlady rnipht have his valua
bles in payment of wfcat he owed her. H«
has not been seen or heard from since.
Tourist Excursions.
Personally conducted tourist excursion*. tU
Santa Fe Route, with latest vesttbuUd. gas lit.
upboUtered sleeping cars, through (rota Cali
fornia to Boston every Wednesday, St. Paul
every Sunday and Friday, to St. Louis every
Sunday, and to Chicago and intermedia!*
points every Sunday, Wednesday and Friday.
Call at ticket offlce, (3 Market strtet for full
particulars.
Junior Order's Thanksgiving.
In accordance with the request from th«
National Council of the Junior Order
United American Mechanics, the local
councils of that order and the councils
of the Daughters of Liberty will attend
Thanksgiving service to-morrow evening
In the First Conprepatlonal Church at
Post and Mason streets.
The California Limited
On th* Santa Fe Route. Connectlnr train
leaves at 5 p. m. Monday. V.'edneiday. FMdar
and Saturday. One day to tee Los Ancle* 1 and
beautiful P.i*adena 1! desired. All m*ala
•erved In Harvey's dlnln» cart. Pineal
equipped train and b*«t track of any line to th*
East. Get full particulars and handsome folder
at ticket omce. «2« Market street. • •POPULAR YOUNG PEOPLE
OF THE MISSION TO WED
rpwo cf the most popular people
I the younger generation cf
J[ :he . Mission •urprised their
friends a few days ego by an
nouncing their engagement and cany
:r. tha New Year the invitations to
the wedding are to be Issued.
The STOora-to-b« Is S. Peters, senior
rr.-rr.cer cf the grocery house of ■
Peters & Waliiw, and the bride-to
te la M:«s Amelia Schulze. niece of
*A*i:iiisi J. PattosJea cf tb« Patto
e'.er. Company on Mission street.
Ec:h Mr. Peters ar.d Miss Schulza
have & host cf friends and congrat
u!a.ticr.j have teea pouring in on tha
your.g couple.
RESISTED HIS
ATTACK WITH
AN UMBRELLA
■
Brutal Assault on Rita
Young.
CHOKED NEAR HER HOME
.
EKE ASSAILANT KNOWX TO THE
POLICE.
Miss Rita Tcur.g. a prepossessing ycang
'.. '.-.- who la employed as cashier in i
\V«sterf«Xd*a restaurant at 1535 Market ;
Ftreet. Is the victim of a most atrocious •
a«*&slt which was committed on her last'
ti nd&y night by a young man for whom
Use police are now searching. Strar.ge to i
relate Police OtSeer Wollwebb*r of the
• :-:i::-:;'v; «Tati'>n was cognizant:
: • assault, but he made no eJTort to t
arrest M:** Toxins'* assailant.
-.::-» :•> ft.«r story she had alighted i
frota a car at Twenty-ninth and Mission !
etrt*fs trhea she was approached by :
Woilwebbcr. ■»ho. after dotting his helmet. >
Informed her that a "frieni" wanted to
. . :.■ .-. li-i pointed to a young roan who '•
was itandins some distance away and in!
b'n ir. =o lent maiiter commanded her to ■
■■:uv« a talk with him."
M:ss Young promptly told Wollwebber i
ADVEaTISEMEXTS.
A Letter to Mrs. Pinkham Brought
Heaith to Mrs. Archambo.
y^ztzzr. T3 vr -. tXXXMAM >:. i*i »jj
" DzxJt Ms 3. Pixioiam — For two
yirs I fc'.t tired and so weak and dizzy
that seme days I could hardly go
ikrwc- the house. Backache and head-
ccbe all the time and my food would
s.3* G'! jest and had such pains in the
troubled with ieucorrhota
%ad Irtdney* were asected.
"After birth of each child I ft I
•weaVer, and hearing so much of the
irr«D- you had done, I wrote to you and
;■ •»• taken six bottles of Lydia £.
Pialih&nVa Vegetable Compound, one
Vnx of Lczen^es, one box of Liver Pills,
one raeka^-eof Sanative Wash, and to-
d»y 1 am feeling as well as I ever did.
When I pet up in the morning- 1 feel as
l>»sh as I did when a girl and eat and
•Icep well and do all of my work. If
♦rer I feel weak c.-n:n shall know
vhere to pc* ay streng-th. I know
jourmedicice cured me." — Me*. Sajasx
JL-jcuxyao. CnAnx-EMoxT, Mjlm.
rperi-
. » unparal-
•-■ • .
F'inkhair.
- as had sole ch*rg-e
- ndeace department of
-iting 1 by letter
!- i : .-.-:■. .red thousand a
. women who suffer
Mrs. Pinkham
a -c. which
.... .♦ charg*.
lvv~ OR. JORDAN'S crcat4
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
A £^ CTTIUTT S. tn. 6ii?i Cf CtL i
. H( ~"~ -*"•"*' Ana' »=.r«i Mssrani Is Ike X
# » Jf*-^ *'<*"<! * e»«ner.««» «r ii» contracted a
■C4R »»»— M»»»y«— < «-»«oh»aT
9 f^SjS B-. ci -»-- -t <■« tae Cam. Ext 36 jr-»r» 9
r4r 4 ?3^^ OR. j:i:a.-.-feivate CISEISES #
01 MP*ifl £™ IJn<m ' p'^'snai.y r» b y Wrier. a|
' I 7 - ■ ' '" flt * CW»ia r»rrj caxondcraJiea. T
Sri tIV M >rt(RßoctPB!LO»OrHr«ri
r■ J 11* ■•.«■!**«. »<4iL*a r»LI (AT
A cJ -j ' " ''" ' >QCt ' ' -•'"'" ' >
T OK JOED*> * ««» jgf>i Market St. 8 F 9
MAKE PERFECT MEN
>>*^pa :' r -■ r-P»rr -P» r - •-"-' ;71 «:iJ asMtloni of
i&r^^SZk lli * *""> *» r»«tor»d to you. Th» Terr
SH , J&* Wo " 1 <;»»•• ..f>erToui IlrSllltf »-•
"f 1 * *^w »»»«<>*";«» . rcr»<i by prirrn'ii
IjFV - »fiaTAnt.ET!ii.Oi»*proa'\wl.rftoi2
V*V^ <^Jaa»omni» t*i;iajr memory *n<l tk* •«.!•
a2^=j|H?^-I>imnof «>t»j pewir, w-I?rT<lV?
*i-\*S*^ JB«»i"«Tet»r.nsorese«aseiof early y»ari
•-" >*** Impart rnrindpctracr to *»»'ry f anc-
t!ca- Brare cp tv» »j«Tem. <ii»« to vie
cScek» and la»tr» to tv« ey«« «<^*J\toc3j or oid.
<VS«c t>o» renews ntal eaerg7 flllle :■• nt at
tl.f act.mpl<;t«g"3ar*nr»»<icqre^.*;y or racner r»-
f:nij<-d. Caa b« carried la »•« >mm^ pocket. 'Soul
•»«rywlier«i.or mailed tn ptaia wrapper ea. r«>r»tpt of
.-:.-. oy mi rExrzcro Co.. v:u a sue, t»u. f i, 111.
Scld ty Owl Drug Co.. S. F. and Oakland.
C**^i&k- ELECTRIC BELTS.
' Larit*«t manu-
I)^^ \\ r ' v t x//x //' v rUJa f*ctarer» In the Cal-
i l^^-«.^f7y ttd -■'■-- No Quackj
•" '^*7 *' ' «ur connected with tsii
'■J^l^** l^!!* «l■rabU.•^ale^t.
' — " •■ - ''* ' CT For parilcalar»
I== oill er scad »a
A.s. rtaasps for "Booklet
4 No. I." Address
PIEKrE ELECTRIC CO.. CO Market St,
CzpcsUa Tai&c* B-Ui. S. F.
Mr. Peters is very prominent in all
the German societies and is a singer
of note. Miss Schulze Is a charming
and accomplished lady ar.d also takes
a great interest In musical matters,
so sh<» ar.d her ■rand-to-b« are well
mated.
to mind his own business, and after
threaienir.sr to notify the Police Commis
sioners of his strange conduct boarded
an electric car intending to go to her
home at S Roscoe street. When within
*/«*" te * 1 ct her domicile the man whom
v ollwebber desired her to sp^ak to ac
costed her and grabbed her around the
waist. Miss Young lustily screamed for
neip and as her assailant refused to re
lease h«r she struck him across the face
with an umbrella. As h« stajreerM from
the afreets of the blow Miss" Young 1 ran
toward her home.
When near the irate leading to her house
the fiend overtook her. and grabbing her
by the throat attempted to strangle h*r.
Realizing she was in the bands of a des
perate man Miss Young successfully
struggle to fr«H» herself from his grasp
and again raising her umbrella she
brought it down on her assailant's head.
"lth a cry of rage he renewed the at
tack and again grabbing the brave wo
man by the throat tried to strangle her.
After a short struggle Miss Young,
with the aid of her umbrella, which sh.»
St^i wUh " ns =S effect, succeeded in
».ghtir.g of? her desperate assailant. V
citizen who was pa^sir.^ at the time
heard her screams and quickly went to
r.^r assistance. The man. becoming
alarmed, took to his heels and was soon
lost in the darkness. Miss Young was
then escorted to her home and a doctor
sent for. Beyond a few slight bruises
on her throat and arms It wa3 found
that she was uninjured.
The_ following day. Miss Young visited
the seventeenth-street station and re
ported the occurrence to Captain Glllen.
H». S rt:iff of, Woll Webber's connection
with the assault Glllen w?nt for the ac
cused officer and demanded an explana
tion. \\ ollwebber denied he had spoken
to M!ss \our.g and claimed he kn«w
nothing of the assault on her. SatisflM
that the young woman was telling the
truth Gillen had Wollwebber and six
ti*?a other oGlcers stand in a row while
Miss Young Inspected them. She was told
to pick out the policeman who had
spoken to h<r on the night that she was
assaulted, and after glancing down th->
line she readily recognized Wollwebber a*
the man who had first insulted her Thi»
matter was reported to Captain Bohen
and he detailed Detective Crockett on
the case.
By dint of investigation Crockett
learned that the young man who as
saulted Miss Young is named Forsytbe
and that he Is on very Mindly terms
with Wollwebber. He lives in the vicin
ity af Miss Young's home, but has dis
appeared sine* the assault. To-day
charges. will be filed against Vollwebber
with the Police Commissioners.
The accused officer was formerly a
sergeant of police, but was dismissed
from the department for neglecting his
family to live with a creature of the ten
derloin. He was reinstated as a patrol
man only a short time ago and assigned
to duty in the Mission.
SHOT HIMSELF WITH A
SHOPKEEPER'S PISTOL
SHORTLY before " o'clock last evening, a man giving the name of John
Smith and claiming to be a recrnt arrival from I-o<3i. Cal.. shot himself
in the left breast in the gunatore of L Bachmann. at 723 Clay street.
The wound was inflicted with evident intent to commit suicide, although
the man persists that he shot himself accidentally. It is doubtful whether he
will survive his injuries.
Bachmann's attention was first attracted to the man when he entered the
store and asked to see a pistol. He spoke deliberately and appeared to be In
trouble. During the conversation he stated that he had lost a pistol belonging
to one of his friends and was required to purchase another to replace it. He was
handed a large forty-four Colt revolver and asked that it be loaded. "When
this was done he requested that Bachmann find him a cartridge belt. The lat
ter turned his back for a moment to go to a drawer and while he was making
a search for the belt he heard a shot and saw the stranger drop to the floor.
At the Harbor Hospital Dr. Thompson found that the bullet had entered
the left breast and passed entirely through the body. When the man was asked
for his name he replied that It was John Smith and that he came from Lodi.
It is thought that this reply was simply an attempt to conceal his true iden
tity. The man was about 40 years of age and appeared to be a laboring man.
No papers of any description were found en his person.
THE PAX FKA^CISCO CALL. SATUEDAT, DZCEMBEE 2, 1899.
LUMBER COMBINE
TO CONTROL THE
REDWOOD FOREST
Many Local Dealers
Interested.
— •
WILL HAVE CLOSE MONOPOLY
♦
CONTROLLING INTEREST HELD
BY EASTERN MEH.
•
For many years capitalists of th« Pa
cl*g C?3.?t ha.vg mr|« va!*^ f»Tnr< til
organize a combination with sufficient
capital to control the vast redwood lum
ber Interests of this State, the enormous '
amount of money required being the ,
great rock on which every venture split. ;
A few months ago Volney Foster of
Chicago came to this coast and secured
options from all the large lumber com
panies and land-owners and then started
East to organize a company and float
stocks and bonds.
The securing of capital was an under
taking of no little work, as at the time
the boom in trust organizations was fit
a low ebb and money scarce. About a
week since the options expired and Fos
ter was compelled to ask for an exten
sion of time. With the assurances given
by Foster of ultimate success th« option*
were in nearly all cases renewed, and It
Is almost a certainty that in the course of
a few days the redwood lumber trust will
be a matter of record.
It Is open talk among the lumber men
of th:- city that George D. Gray of the
firm of Gray &. Mitchell, and E. J. Holt
are the reprsentatlves of the combination ;
for the Pacific Coast.
Mr. Gray admits that he and practi
cal^ all the big dealers are Interested in
the "deal, but refeses to speak further of
the matter, saying that the doings of the
combination are as yet not of public
concern. . .
If the Foster syndicate succeeds tn
buying out the California lumber men
It will become the owner of a splendid
domain and will have a close monoply.
All the redwood timber In the world
U grown in an area of 2000 . .are miles,
or iSO d*) acres, and this area Is In the
form of a long. Irregular belt, ranging
In width from ten to twenty miles, and
extending through the northern coast
counties of this State. The redwood
grows only wh*»re It Is encompassed by
the fogs and damp winds from the Pa
rirtc Ocean. Henry Gannett of the United
States Geological Society has estimate
the amount of standing timber In the red
wood forests at T3.000.000.G00 feet.
IRELAND REVISITED.
Father Peter C. Yorke to Deliver a
Lecture at St. Peter's To-Mor
ro-v Evening.
"Ireland Revisited" is the title of a
lecture to te Riven in St. Peter's Church
to-morrow evening. Owing to the silence
of the telegraphic agencies little is known
In this country of recent developments in
the "Old Land." Wltn the-je develop
ments Father Yorke became Quite famil
iar durinj his late vacation. While in.
Ireland the well-known priest lectured to
large au.ller.ces and his lectures are still
the subject of much discussion through
out the country-
An attempt is being made at present to
awaken n<»w interest in tha Irish strug
gle among the Amencan people and
there are many Irishmen who are anxious
to hear from the lips of an Independent
witness tiie value of the claims made
by the propagandists of these new move
ments.
Father Y<vke will discuss tiiese. claims
in his lecture and from M standpoint of
ar.e who is not ashamed of his native land
nor afraid to express the thought that is
In him. The sale of tickets Is phenome
nal and those who wish to secure scats
should immediately take the nece»sar>
ntcrs thereto. '
Practical Souvenirs.
Th» r*-r Army and Navy Series of r".aylr.«
Cants, with our herws -■.■-••. face
-art. ar* as practical In une as any other deck.
but much finer ta finish and v»ry novel In ef
f<»-t. D*wt?y Is most appropriately Klnc of
Hearts. Send ten I-cent stair.ra for a Dack to
Malt-Xatrtne Dept.. Anheuser-Busch Brewing
A*s'r. . St. Loui*. t*. P. A.
■ ♦ •
Lect-are en Girl Traffic.
Mrs. Cr.arlton Edholm will dearer a
lecture on Traffic In Girls" at Howard
street Methodist Church to-morrow
evening at 7:20 c'clock. Mrs. Edholm was
formerly national evangelist ot the Flor
ence Crittenden Missions and i« the
author of a book on rescue missions.
DESIGNER OF UNIVERSITY
PLANS HERE FROM PARIS
MONS. E. BENARD, THE GREAT ARCHITECT.
mONSIEUR E. BENARD, the row world-renowr.ed architect, who
//\ff\ was awarded the flrst prize for his plans for the college buildings
f M.\ of the University of California, arrived In this city last night from
' Paris. France, via New York and Chicago. He took up quarters In
the Palace, where he was met by Mrs. Phetxj Hearst. Professor William
Carey Jones ar 4 d Professor Maybeck. professor of architecture at the uni
versity.
Mons. Benard. who is a pleasant looking gentleman of medium build, not
stout, did not tarry long with those around him. as he expressed himself
as fatigued after his trip across th« continent. He. however, stated that
he had remained a short time in New York and in Chicago, and In reply to
questions, stated that he did not admire the tall buildings In the cities
named, as their effect was to shut out the sunlight and make the streets
gloomy. Such a building Isolated served well as a landmark and was well
enough, but a whole row of them was not up to his idea of propriety. The
architecture of New York did not evoke his admiration, except as to the
residence district. As to his own work, he said that the one of which he
Is the proudest Is the Young Men's Christian Association structure erected
with money contributed by an American. To conform to the Ideas of the
donator he came to the United States to study the gymnasium hall of like
buildings. When required to furnish the details of one structure in connec
tion with the plans for the university he turned his attention to the gym
nasium. He will remain in this city about three months, during which
he will devote his time to explaining in the fullest details the plans for the
college buildings and examining California architecture.
ARTISTS HAVE A
NEW GRIEVANCE
TO TALK ABOUT
The Art Association Is
Criticized.
LOCATION OF THE INSTITUTE
ONLY ONE ARTIST IS ON TEX
BOARD OF DIRECTORS.
Artists, like other men of talent and
genlu3. hive their troubles. The srief.
that vexes the spirit of the San Fran
cisco artist is caused by the management
of the Art Association. The Mark Hop
kins Institute of Art Is not exactly in the
place where a majority of artlsw would
have it, but Its location has less to do
with the general grievance than one
would conjecture.
When the picture painters are asked to
give the rea-son why the Art A
fails to meet the •xpaetattoOfl of artists
they reply: "'What can you exp«ct for
art. when ther- 1 1 m the
board 11m Bar Am
i< managed by lawyerm, the meiiical Insti
tutions arß_dtrectcd by doctor*, but the
Art AaaoeteS : bjf BMrefaaats, mu
sicians, lawyers and capitalists.
••J. D. Grant, the pr—hU lit, ll a mer
chant: E«l^ :.the first vice presi
dent, is an engraver hittell. the
treasurer. Is a capitalist: '. Staf
ford, the wen a coal dealer.
James D. Phelan ka a capitalist. Arthur
Rodgers a lawyer, Irvine M. Scott a ship
builder, Henry Hey man is a musici.i
hill*
$ Fur
JJL Garments
««ft\i^^V^ house in the world.
isl£' t V V V\\ Goods of guaranteed
V-f'^^^ ' C^ quality, fit and finish.
*^\^^l ou not on '^ run no
M^'.V^Jy^ risk in buying here,
flpP-/' but you are always
W^: '' "\ sure of the lowest
**'* prices.
Ssndfor bsiujifuut illuttraUJ i QLJR GUARANTEE
catjlcg. (Mitl ordir, gtt:n WITH EVERY GARMENT.
sptctal stttniio*. W I I 11 LVtKY lj.AKint.> 1 •
Collarettes. Capes.
Baltic Seal, with Kimmer *z Z A Baltic S-al, 16 inches.- CIS AA
yoke, 11 inches deep $3.3« jId.VV
Chinchilla, with electric Men Baltic Seal, 16 inches, with #17 ca
seal yoke 11.1* Black Marten Collar $U.3U
foartt ?£.!^ .l *!^L^. 512.50 Labrador Mink, with r.ffl,-
Moirr, witn Astrakhan (11 SA 14 inches $17.50
ru gj. _ $li.3J 16 inches S'iO.OO
Electric Persian yoke*; *•- aa i 8 inches 622.50
no piecing - $itM»U Electric Seal, with choice Astrakhan
... yoke, finish re with tills all around,
cJBCRCIS* elegantly lined and 18 inches m- nfl
Electric S*al Jackets $32.50 ion « #43.1 i
Sealskin Jackets $150 up Mink Capes from $45 up
H. LIEBES & COMPANY,
INCORPORATED.
THE LARGEST WUK HOUSE lit. THE WOULD,
No*. 133, 135, 137 POST STREET,. SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
Horace G. Platt a lawyer. The only art
ist in the bunch of directors 13 L. P. Lati
mer, second vice president."
The artists cast no reflection on the In
telligence. Integrity or public spirit of the
directory, but simply Inquire, "What can
you expect from a board of directors bo
constituted?' The argument Is advanced
that an association to promote art should
be directed by artists, otherwise tt will
fall to fulflll the purpose of Its creation.
A3 the holiday season is near the artist*
are anxious to sell some of their pictures.
A few months ago a common agreement
waj made between the Bohemian Club
and the Art Association that the clubs
annual exhibition of paintings should be
postponed or canceled In order to give '
the right of way to the Art Association
exhibit in the new gallery. This decision
did not meet with anything like universal
favor in the studios. The painters main
tain that the pictures exhibited at the
club are seen by men who have the money
to buy work! of art. but not the leisure to
pay a visit to the institute on California
street hill.
"When the artists ascertained that th
new gallery on the hill would not be ready
for picture displays before next February
they applied to the directors of the club
to reconsider the proposition to cancel this '
year's club exhibition. In order to give
the painters belonging: to the club a chance
to get Che holiday breeze the club direct
ors rescinded the previous action.
An exhibition of the work of the &jt2j~
members of the club will be held In the
high Jinks room, commencing Monday.
December 4. and closing Saturday. De
cember IS. The directory has named four
public day?, when the friends of the mem
bers can enjoy the privileges of the exhi
bition. These days are: Wednesday, De
: cember 6: Saturday. December 9; Wednes
day. December 13. and Friday. December
14. Special tickets of admission for ladles
only will b*i Issued for Wednesday, De
cember 6.
There Is no friction between th<» Art
Association and the Bohemian Club, but
many of the artists belonging to the club
hold that false notions of courtesy should
not preclude the painter from the oppor
tunity of selling a picture before Christ
mas.
Eannukka Sermon.
Rabbi Isidore llyers will preach a
Hannukka sermon on "The Handle of the
Ax' at the Bush-street synagogue at 11.
to-day. A children's Hannukka service
will be preached to-morrow evenlr*.
when Rev. Cantor Stollnitz will assist.
The subject will be "The Martyr Mother
and Her Sons."
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Middy Suits $5.00.
for boys 3to 9 years. Boys' single and doubts breasted
Retail valos $6.50 to 57.50. suits — ato 15 years. First-
tO'Day — AT no class fabrics, the latest styles and '
tmi 11 o If ,\n 11 1 1 rings — th-k:niof suits tnat In
UU 13 F. ?.. wUIUU retiil stores are good vaiue at
High-class all-wool fabrics, in all $7.50.
the latest patterns, coloring* and TODAY, till 10 p. m.
styles. A wholesale assortment. ""• '
Brown Bros. & Co. Brown Bros. & Co.
Retailing "From Milt to Mm Clrcc!.
121-123 SansomeStreet 121-123 SansomeStreet
— ■^^— — —^— — ■— —
tyf-JY AMXJSZICE'JrrS.
Use a Welsbach Light? ! IoQUMUBUI^a'
Because no other form of art ■ *ntJa i»iavß#~m t^2ati»
ficial illumination is so satisfac- hittyep Tnn»vt 79c *oo
tory in its brilliant effect and J1A1 " « 1U UAI • «nd -s»o.
i . / ./« / ,^:^,l ;„ ;♦,. ..«.«» ALL THIB AND XEXT week.
economical in its use. Ja£al) U: ... Gri . at R<TlTaI rf Erc«aa es*-
Th« Gtnuln. GWts Tntfa * rt '« w « "«
Satisfaction. In WELSBACH riTTniVT A ITTNA A TT
-~-;r3«L«r i SHENANDOAH
tmtiattoyx brru* ; - H - >f - - B.VTTT.E ...
— ETVER E>- VO*.
H.E. SKINNER CO. 200 Pe °P ie! "■ 50 Horses!
c e~.no __ COMING-FREDERICK WABOE. ■
Successors to E. 7. ALLEN CO. •
Open for Business Dec. 1 CALIFORNIA THEATER §~
416 Market St.. S. F. TH3 ONLY HATISEE T (). DA Y 0 F
, -, . «Zji2*»- ii I THAT iIAGNrFTTNT AND STCDSX2OC3
a ?«v»«"r n2rrnISSS production
MTUA^A ' ' ndlmlßs>6 ,- Draa«.
UM Orjs[j Sl*"«wxt Efficient the sporting duchess.
llliWJpw Tn : lot RpnnkitP
roRT«E . .TO.IU Hiqmsitl. FRAVVLEY COMPANY,
COMPLEXION . Removes * !l sk!n LAST PERFORMANCE TO-NIGHT.
WUnrlikiMUn eruptions and ta'«es the
__. "T mMMma place of powders. Seats ....... t«wo='l w«i of ti» g^j.
ri TWO ...iijite sold cy ail cruji s.s, oad graas prodoetloß.
FLESHY WHITE. Qf gen . V y mai * poj. MN ENEMY TO THE KING.
PHR ff^^M. C0 ' - 3icJ . ' r^« 5D — POPCX-iR PRICES-Ev«=i=s. He. Kc. Be
I WCiA.CAL \ s^ nd for frM sample. Matin**. 3<:c. Sc.
AgT^JS r!^" t*i^i'L"&. jy^jh %\
iTHi; PEOPLE'S PLATHOCaE.)
Eddy ud Jones Sta. Phone SOUTH 770. xtattn-ee to-dat <sat.) dec t
• Parquet. !"•• any «eat; bo: ; r.-. X3c; •:.-.;: :r»a.
TO-MGHT. Me. «y P«ft.
MATINEE TO-DAY. »• acf Cc = 15 °s«.
MATXKEE «v«oHßnjr. I^ST PIMM IF D'ARVILLE
jacob utt- s vert best. UnJIMLLL U MIIIILLL
IN OLD KENTUCKY. AND A HOST OF FIRST-CLASS VAUDE-
ET « ISO r & V and He > ILLEJJASS
a «* ;.......;Jse. Xc and .*: t ,. nscrrow _ CEORGB rrrj.ra
Sonday Night — Mr. Plaster of Paris. SSSS^S" Friend " Xia *
This Chao Make T«u aa»h. —
SPECIAL PR*"ES:
i 5^ p^. A^ F -arl 50c. GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIS tt J
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE. MATTNXE THI3 AFTERNOON". /
' A TRE\T FOR~THE CHILDREN!! ,. LA3 I TW ° 2*' IGUT3 / •
SPECL^L MATINEE TO-DAY AT :P. M. ' O« Rle» ■ Faacu* CxtraTacazia.
Th* Extremely Amusing 1 Comic Op«ra. __ .
THEHOOLAH. Fvan^eliiie'
Last Two Nlchts of Graad Op'ra. fl J f ffl B I *L %J 1 1 W •
To-Nl«ht! To-N!ghf. To-Nt«M! -*-• f ■»* ■«■■»*-* •
••CAVALLERIA" and "PAGLIACCI " _V^L
To-Morrow Evenlnif th* S*ason Ends Wltli ilscday tvealsj th« ortgisil ecsile e;«n,
Far-well to Sl)rnors Salassa aa<l Avedano. **H I MAJESTY.'* -
POPULAR PRICES — „-_ ....^c and «c
Telephone Jor Seat»-Bu»h 9. Music by H. J. St«-»i-- Uirsttj by p«t*r
Next wwlc theater closed five nljrhts for Aeci- Robertaca.
ration and repairs, etc. ■Will REOPEN Satur- __. . PTJtnr<»_n.v f^ •> 15- tv
day evening. Dec 9. Gont<?ou.<» production ot USUAL. PRICES-w)c. Cc. -c. Ijc. 17c.
"TAR AND TARTAR." Coed r?*erved »ea: a: SatunUy jsa:ic««. ZZc
Reappearanc« of r«rrl« Hartiaan. eT»ry Branch Ticket OfUce. 'J.. :■.-■■:■. ..r..
one'« ' favorite. Return of Annia Myers. Bl« —
double company. yow ov gALE __ RACING! RACING! RACING!
— seats now o.v sale — RACING! RACING! RACING!
ALCAZAR THEATER. i899-caltjornu_jocot clu3-isoo
-....__ TO-DrtiSD SUNDAY. Winter a^r^Wr~^ ;
H4TINEE TO-D4\ 4ND *^L >D\Y
_ _ ___ __« , ~ -,- _ . .__ . Rar!r.« Manday. Tuesday. Wedaeaday. Tbm
I AST TWO NIGHTS day. Friday and Saturday. Raia cr ails*.
*-'»* 3 1 I »VV IMVJII IJ . FlT# Cf cjc, ncH each day.
_ _ . Race* «»rt it !:X3 p. m. iharp.
r^ • j r^ • Ferry-boat* lear» San Francisco at n m. as 4
VO^tiT^ ? V.^#l#l/\#»^ l:i0 ' L IJO - l IJO •^ 3 p - 5= ccsaectia*
IW 5 IPIW '* rl '* ! tram-* stccptss at th« estrancv to Urn
vlf | Illl^ < k.jlilllLj| 1 track. Last two cars on train r*s«rve4 for i*
* ferry Uck«ts it Shell Monad. Alt trains »'.*
— — Oakland not* connect with Saa r*ablo await*
Next Week— Francis Powers* Mexican Tra«- electric cars at Seventh and Broa4war. Oa»-
edy land. Also all trains via Ala— .- raol« coo-
(KtnTUcn IT % r*TIM »» neet wltn Sa3 P»bJ» areaue cars at Fourt««Bti
iTIUTntK EARTH." and Broadway. Oakland. Th«« electric can
. . _ . t9 direct to the track in fifteen minute*.
Music by Emit* A. Bro*uter» Jr. Ret«rnl=«— Trulrs leare the track at « J5 and
SEATS NOW ON SALE. <:tf \&&B t ?Fs%2&S&ggS££:
PRICES-loc, 25c 35c, 50c JH. 11 " 9mwt " r - —
CHUTES AND ZOO. CONCZBTS AND BESORTS.
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERT AFTERNOON AND ■!— - SXE E RLE dH ASE.
CFNTRAI PARK Open -tally from
/TIMJvJK /V\| It*. L*ufh»ble! iUrtiia^! fttaay! Uai?z9!
Th« Smallest Actcr on Earth. Th» Stmni^»t CUI T« frmeni*ri
In His Great Imitation of CORNILLE. PROFESSOR HIIX la ht» riant* MID-AIH
ADGIE aai Ut : H«H Diver. "» w ' -" :
FRANK HALL. Subduing- Wallace. Mata«ra P h. bictcx^ circcs-« no^i at-
AND a GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW. ?£»£ 'SS.S^TMnS^S. 7?^.nM b"
to-mght-special: the THREF. SIEC»ANH'.»L RANDS. l::d* th»
TO-.MGHI-bPtCIAL! Wild REA.STS nf th* JINGLL" on tr* «r«*t
Reproduction of the last round g°, M ££ U Tlwy ** w!UI th * •**
of the Corbctt-Fitzslmmon!* fijjht from conet island next toric
In COnlunCtion with the JEFFRIES Admission. l<V-lnclu.!es a rid. on Uw horses:
Fitisimmons and Pnlmcr-McGov- vv ™ ata tIJ th * " " r ' r< -
crn contests. — „ to tW ,
Try tc Die In the "CABARET DIJ.LA MORT." U<]r)Af«imO city should not fall
Phon« for Seats. Park a. lullUl Ullitl to s "e rh * KTeAlts:
BASEBALL ! Battle of SiS?
-«T« T 11 t\ execution.
All-california Manila Bay £Ssts*i
va.
SACRAMENTO, ■■■■■% ««a albert
TO-DA VAT 3 i». m. lit 1 Ll O UOEFILCI
SUNDAY AT 2:30 P.M. Ii f: [ X \ I «^SS«
RECREATION PARK, 1 O ? ill 116 Grant At.
Elxhta and Harrlsoa str««ts. . - ■ VM7 • m *&r Xth^tat
* 635Z5 3Zi.
OENERAX. ADMISSION. 3 CEJTT3. j ' .
i^die. Admltfd F^7to c, d Stand. I Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
78
ADVERTISEMENTS. _^._^-.-.-
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
'•ear signature of /^^^Z^
I rr ftmall ztul ■• |Mf
to fake &s »«gnr.
SEE CARTERS FOR DIZZIMESS. SEE
tAf\l tKO FOR DIZZINESS. JEE
rrvnvc WITTLE roR biliousness. re ., ITfMn
GENUINE \/rD for TORPID LIVER. GENUINE
IPI LLS FOR COBSTIPATiOH.
Y/RAPPFR ff : n m FOR SALLOW SHIM. WPAPPPP
WKAriLB ;j^S2l >FORTHECOMPLEXIOa ™AITfcK
_. . CU*iTI>B must mvij^cxAT-jwt.
"^PINTED O:M RED PAPER"
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
mi mil u> i*««irff «unrA\t.
|m in 1 >.v«n»i. •
Tralat le>n«<- mm* art tint* lit nrrho m
MAX IIItMIMO.
(Mala LI -c. Kc«t ct Market Street)
Ik«ve — 1 'ii. m N.<\ivi-.ra 15, ISO. — aEEITB
*Ti©«A IS.»:.'U. Si.lj.imi :.i: \ Sm-rarunito •TrX.Tp
L:%.rm. V»cir.Uo«:i.«. Rumi-y.... •; i.r
♦7.-<«#» Bh*rU I'liTiK.-lnTii. Wiilovs.
1U 1 V.'.^n. 1',.n:.:.l »7i<3p
•Tt3S» Martinez, >on linuiou, X k.li Jo. Mi;n,
« »:i-i. t«n!,.l.Sji,M |;,, ri *«lil.lp
•»t»o* The OvetXttx) Ua lr^-O^lcn. Den-
*«. t<u:iba, flilca^i •3:13*
•v.:p» J..»-. l.ii.t^^e. t toefctno,
lone. KacratatrutA, I'!»oir»i;lf.
M i)»tl.'. «liic.i. ltrl Mall •I I- 1
••nan* 'Miiton. o»k.l»i-iiT>.i Honor* •l:l.-, r
~*-OHk If ijwanli. Nil'taul Way HtMtnßS.*llt«a«
•!•:««»» A tJintik' l.viii-u-OfiUniDj Kirt *»:43a
••.•...., M«n!tur, Tr»fT. ;.-.. i. ,■ titockreu.
M rc-Uu.ll rmm •■■tMff
"•li;«m» J'crti'ontv I'rcfiiM. MpJ»r« and Ixm
kuf^m »0:l3r
•I«^»O» V«.i..ju. Maitluci anJ Way Statiottt •ti:<s»>
•11.-O"* lU>u»r.:». Mlm a:>U W»y fitatloiit. *ai!3r
*i-j.tn>y. .N.iii, Utmoora, Ktocktea,Uacn-
U. :.t«\ Me iiJul*. llai.i.'il. \ i:»;ia,
l'iri«-r\iila • «i!Sp
<l:«OpSnrlHiti«-l.t<i I'tti-r SU'.lu.i* t*^»t»r
•ii««i !(..-..■ Nil,«at:.| Wky Ktatlmn. •»:«3p
•4 «or Miv •!!..•. Hun ItaoMtn, Wlirjo.
Nhj.». l^1l«tc«a. .s«nti» I'.rioH •i. 11.
•«rt»or Ilc-iii.la, Vataiiilr, KartanieulA
u...ai»,,.i. linisuu i ..■«!..:■:. c.
Kfcjj-M'.l-. Otoiii!.- •!«:!)«
•l:3'»r Niick, Nau.l<-«uau.l htnrkion • : iv-
•3:Ooi-T!.u Owl Halted- Tiacy. Fretw.
H»k<Ti.ntia. batifii»*T^»t:Ta l!ir-
lit*. la.i Alcc!o» •Ml
•StSOpfn . kton, Mrrrr.l I treno •i^ i.r
•JiUUi-1M,..i, natenfleU. KatiU IW.»ra.
Lot AtiK'lr* Iteming, ! ; r««j,
N'ewttrlrausaiiJ l>«t ••:O.
•v:i"i , |,i Itonto— AtlaiiU* Esmsm
t..i M )«'.■ *v.l i:«»t «iM|
•fi:««r !J»^iv»ra«, Mlhi anl Nmi J,*-- ■ . i
i«::i«l- Vk! j.. •i a i* i
*<-:i«it r.u ul Mtl!— «V-<-u auJ Kart •S:.lOp
:: ; ««rVfcii J.i. T.it totUana Way SU-
Umh :»:33r
••j.-uSiOiti^imtiJ Outfcnlt i:ij>ie««,s«o-
r«ii.<':it.>. r.t»jj.M.!o. ltr.Miiia.
r.-if,n..V fn.-..i 5..u.,.l »v.l I -«,t •» n_i
«(t*v| HiMvlON (N.in<m (.«ti«e).
t UYc >l>lMark.ttJUr<t.l
•fc:li» Mf'r.:irk.<V|il'rti:i<-,Sau.lt«(<,l'rltt-ii,
I: .1. iCn <-!>.*»MaCruxatiJ W»y
Kt.-t.lant *3:30r
12it5r nk *v-^trr»i:iu. H»!i.T k «e. N\w
Al:n»..cn, ltit.n. UituMtv fnrk,
tiatita frcz auJ I'iluc!i4il Way
S':»ti..Hl IIOISO*
•«:l.Tr ?.>«ark. h«u ,h*f. I. >«.»;..> •»:-.'UA
I: l . . Ilm : (T !>" rxcumlßn. r'su Jit* »nd
__^_ *V ,yr<rat).iD» TJtVOT '
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
fflraaSll TXltilKi— tm «.' ttn.ti ltnst<fitst>>>
'"•■'- i w iiDOkM. ix::: •:::: »::3
•« :: i:.:: *::::r.n^
»*rc2 !;f..::.:'-r«ot eri!ici«««T.— t.oo t»oo looot.u.
i:::: «i.:: 12:3 »3:3 itca ♦;::r.n. ■
(X)IST hIVIMON tltroatlCsn^e).
(Iliiri! To^ngcmi St».)
t«:l(H (Vr»!i Vi»w, »,iu'!i H»n r'rmncj«cn.. IM:3Op
*7:»IO» h»., ,!,,,(. « 1 xv»y Station (Jicw
Aluij'Kii Wr Jmifliji r»ilj) *liBop
•WOO. s. . Juaa, Tf.ll riiH«. K*i.ta Crur..
I'fiii.c Ci.itu. I • . !:..". han
l.uli 0i.|»|.... Hmf. Lo=roc anJ
I'iludtial W«y KUUmh 'ttlOe
•l«iln« Sun .1 of* 1,11 I WnySHtloiii •U:X'»4
■II:3«U him .!■*« auJ Way htallni.i.. *3:3Ur
t*<C»r&ui Mut.n. Redwood, M.i.'.n r.rk.
I'alu A:;<i. .'-j:ita«".»ra. f-»n.li*e,
Tt>% li:.u». Saata Una. 1
M aUreyatWl Taclfic «:rore (IO:30a l
fS>3«r Has Jose aa4 Way SUUotif *?i»or '■
ttil3rfia«Joara.adlVltidt«ltra]rßUUoM •»:I'J»
I.'V:«»4ti i .s*^J (l v.aiidrri!jU|»lWtyhiutioti» t«:««*
**iMraaaJaseaa<l Principal Way Statkm •^:3.■\4 I
••liUMrh.:, .1,«,. an-1 Wiiy.sißiloiii f*t:OUa ,
tll;4ai- y>n .!!»■• m.,1 \V,y st>tj..tn # T:3Op |
A f.» SJorntnt V for Aftrmom.
•Dm:!j t S4n.'«y r«W(»te4. ! Sunday oo!y.
!) Satirr.ih.' >i.'y.
CiIHHWI NOUTtiWFSTEtN IT. CO. j
LESSEE
SAN FRANCiSCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon l ; rri Foot of .Market St.
y AN RAFAEL.
Ifj, 5 -"- •» P. a. Thur.dars-^ir» trla
lays- lUlra. trlpa at 1:0
*V.£.' A «Vrt -^ ■ th. nM a. m : l-JO. •=«*.
•rr-5A NTN T RAF >XL TO BAN* FT__,TCCISCO.
fC- l '}°* i> **■ ***turfl*ys-Uxtra trips at
, Ml un<i €.35 p. n.
pCNpATB-ta^, »:iO. H:io a. m ; 1:40. 8:40. I Hi,
U.tween Ean Francisco and Bctuetzen I'ara
yajn* nchMiile ai «U_ vt.
V"-' • f Arrive
■**> Fritacifco. In F.fTect San Franclseo.
• r 18.
■%V#»k Sun- U/9. Pun- Week
IJa>». days. Drstinr.tlon days. Day*.
T:3B am i; 0" otr. N'>vato. I0:i0 am 8:40 am
8:33 pm *:30am Peta,luma. 6:' is pm 10:25 am
»-8 pa t:oorra Far.t* I'.ooa- ;:»pm « -.22 pa
I .X » ■ Windsor. 10.23 d
IleaMrl nr.
Lyttea,
OcjrMmlta,
>«t>i= e.-OC &sa C; \ >•-.!»>. ?:3Spm «npa
?:»a.-. H ;'.. • : and
i*»am( Vkiah. 7:K -a «r? ?a
t:» am 10:25 an
t:00«m! Coerr.ertlle. 7:35 pm
• :»pta J «:ipa
T:Soa,m »:00am[ E:noma 10:40 am «:«oaa
J nnd
I^o pis X' ;■ ■"• :. Ellen, t:K pni C:2> ra
T:Soani trtOemf SebastopoL 10:4« am!ia:2; am
t:S$ I :•■ l:'Ji r>n.' T:3i ptn; «:3 pin
Ftar^t pet.r.--; «t Santa Unna for Mark We*t
Cprn.n and 'Al.ltt Kulphur -, •■ .-. t r: at Lyttcn
*:">•■• Hitinc*; ot <J«yn«rrville for Skascs
■prlt»4" at Cii v«:o»!e for the <Je>-H<-r»; et Hop-
land for I'unran r-"rrlmr«. Mluhland Spring*.
.KelscyvllU. Ct:!^»;«<s t*j<r'.ne». So-la 15ay. I^ak*-
*on and Banletl Kriin*:*: «t ikuh for vicJif
£;«-inc>, ii ■"• ii. ■;■'::•. lllur L«ke*, Levurcl
I>€4l Lake VTtlttr H;»rircs, Vvfr I^ike, Poao,
Potter VaUcr. Jeha Ur'i, Ulver*iilt. I^lrrley'a,
3Juctoieir». S»n».--iir'n !!• lirht". Hullvi;:«. Orr's
Mot fiirttui. J.t-r.l. <-!n.i Cify. r«irt nragir,
\^'mtp>rt, Vral. \vii:itt>. LartonviUe. Cun>-
tsltUi • B' '.Yt nn|i liarrla. Olsen'a, Dyer,
ocx-tla an-1 Kurt-J-.a.
Saturday to M'<nday rcvod trip tickets at r»-
tfiliced rate*.
On Bt:riday r .i:-..: trip ttrketa to all points
*s«rond S»t> ;; ¥ i r »i ct half rates.
Ticket O'flr^n. 4» Market «t.. CJironl«-i» ' •«•
X. C WIIITIVO. R. X. rtTAN.
Gesara: ".:i:it Gen. Paaa. A*< nt.
EORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via &«va*l!tn Pmrry.
CM».mMirlr.j; Octot*T 1, ISO
mOM ■AK^.-gn £# A ««f VALLEt
%\KKK J>AVS-»7:t0. »S:3O. 11 .w a. m- •:•«.
»3-«f- t:li. 6 -»n. »::.) }•. m. .~
KjiTRA t»ir»— For Mill ""alley ani San Ha.
fael. en U> iflaya. uaa>"« and r>aturday^ '
ttt »:'O a.n<* 11:2k p. in. ;
6UKUAV3-».:00. -10-M. »n » a, m. : »i:il,
|:18. N:«l. 131 »:<" P- m. ~
Trains n.nrk«<l i*» run to Fan Qarnttn
•TIK)i! KAN KAFAI.I. TO .SAN KICAXiJISCO.
WEEK nAYB-C:iS. •li:lZ. ;.4i. *• «v a, m 75 I
«M:SO. 2.U.. •540, KM p. m. *
EXTRA Tnil'S on Uooflaym. Wednesdays aad '
I- 1 1 . : i .•..-■'- -:t < '■■ an.l 10: li p. m.
srM»AiK— c:So. •*■•«. # ;y:ta. •n^s a, m.« i
•1:43. •3:15. « «5. "«:3o p. m. i
Traln» marked (•> rt«rt from Pan Quenttn
rpf.M MIM. VAI.LFV TO KAN K'H A Vf'ISCO. !
WECX I>AYP-V«E. CAI, 7:t^ >:«i *.. m.l 1
li:3. I'4Z. J:4I, l:2tf p. m
KXTRA TRII'H on Mondays. Wednetday» and i
Saturday* at 7:00 and 10.2S p. tn.
PfNDATR~.:CS. 10.-O a. xn.; 11:05, 2:12. la. '•
• :W,. ♦ v ;.. r .
•nmoucH mAiNS.v
ff:Ooa. m. »eek day*— Caeaderoand warrtatlons,
I •■:."> p. ra. Huturdays— Torcalen and "ay stations.
tM a. ta. bunfiaje— Tutnalei -■ . »iy ntntidna.
/ *^. Dr. ( l i 1)1 ion's Dispensary,
l^^Ml .">kl(R^T MT K.:.Ht>l'-<hrd
t*l ASV ;n ••>•« 'ortbetreatme'ntol 'i:vati*
■ IV^B l'!«eju:«*«.. l>o\t Manh'Kxl liability Ot
™sirfp?i Oxrava-f-arlnifOM •<iriloK.nd ,
fcVn^3**Vi»i Kitln IN*******. The doctor cures wfa«»ii
wv}.^'' l J' 11 "' 1 '' I '"' J'ry hiuv, ■ :i»r»«B low j
7«naj|< .iiriKuarMlrrd. O«.'.lortrril«.
i>i. J. I.oHmw.V, B«»*i»37,*aii.r\-U)da<:>
1
THEY WILL GET IT IN
THE NECK
On Thankstjirtng day from saw-edges
on their collar?. unl**<«g the men of San
Francisco niv wise enough to take their
linen to a first-class laundry. If yon
want beauty of color and an exquisit*
finish on your shirts, collars and cuffs
nnd have them sent home In perfect
condition, bring thorn to the United
State? laundry, as we guarantee satis-
faction to our patrons.
United States Laundry. Offlo*
100-+ Market Street.
Telephone South 4-20.
Oakland Office. 514- Eleventh St.
DOCTORS
. . AND . .
DENTISTS!
ATTENTION
Is called to a NEW OFFICE
BUILDING, corner Ellis and
Glasgow streets, adjoining Powell.
AI! light sunny offices. All mod-
ern conveniences and latest im-
provements.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS,
5 Montgomery St.
FKILIPPOS OHANESSIAN OF ARMENIA
Hus Drought a Direct Shipment of
FIXE ANTIQUE
TURKISH
Rugs, Carpets, Killms, Etc.,
Cons»cr>«>d to r» to Sell
WITHOUT RESERVE,
AT AUCTION,
I>g!nninK MONDAY. I >.-, 4. at 2 and 8 p. m.
PO<SITm:i.,Y FOR ONE WEEK ONLY.
117 6UTTER STREET,
Opposite Nathan & Dohrniann's.
Goods on view to-morrow. Catal<>srue«.
A. W\ LOUDF.nHACK. Auctioneer.
/\ NOTHING SO COO!)! A
tNOTHINC SO COOO! *»
Y^/r FarbirnilritantuMinrni fegif"
*— • for our boys, our Klrln ]X '•• \yu
and everybedy of nil atrea »> _. U J>."- ;"A* M t^»
the II »KMI i "* HUB- .'jJiaUi ■*
nicn-Tii»ri:i) i int., .1 v . i J J.^^:«* KVa
I»l<»l Try your 11m at iK %SiZ' .' f '•%
M«rk»i m FUEE. CVSm^^-^''^*
•CLASTIC TIP CO.. Paten- V*ffi»«SHaafc»
tees and Manufacturer*.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA LIMITED
Santa Fe Route.
T* * fastest train, running over the be»t rali-
ro»<!. with the hticheit clae* accotnmodatlosa.
Conrectlnd train leare* Pan FYr.tirisco at
I:W p. m ' : j
MCI»:\V. TTPD!?FSDAY. raiDAT. BATUaDAT.
Arr.vinr In CM) <r at 1:15 p. m
FRIDAY. SDND\Y. TO B)AT WKDVEBDAT.
OVERLAND EXPRESS
Every day in the year. Pullman Palsc« and
UphclHerrd To«rl«t Cam >aye O.ikland Mots
for Denver, Kaoias City. Cblcaso and the Eaat
S.S 1 p. m
VALLEY ROAD
B»tif<*n Ftocfctcn. Fre»no, Ilanford. Vlaalta,
Trlara and ivikrr>ifi-:d. rumlshes rood loeai
train nervtce.
Ban rßncinco offlc*. CIS Market et.. taUpbon* ■
Main 1"41.
Oaklar.d offlre. HIS Droadway.
Bacmtnento off.c«. V\ J street.
6aa Jcs« offlc«. 7 Went Santa Clara street.
NORTHERN PACIFIC
RAILWAY.
Tickets at the Lowest Rates to ;
SPOKANE. ROSSLA D, __
DUTTE, HELENA. ST. PAUL.
CHICAGO. NEW YORK.
'T'llE ONLY LINE OrKRATIXO . . • A
through tourlit car from S. F. to St. Paul, i
TbU car is nicely upholitered In leather and '
haa «very convenlene* of a flrat-class I'ulltnan. ,
Call on or addreis
T. K. STATELr.R. G«>n. Act . OS Market it.. j
Ban Francisco. ; ,-'^',
MOUNT TA.MALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
L*ave San Francisco via Hauaallto Kerry.
Week Days— 9:3o a. m. at. I 1:45 p. m.
Eundayt- 10:00 a, m. and 1:16 p. in
6 1 tain- brat ed. closed ca- on all train*.
Fart— fc*u Frßucl>co to tsummll as 4 Jtcturn, ]
11 10. • L. _•
TIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 2, 1899.
WEBSTER GIVES
OUT NAMES OF
HIS DEPUTIES
Assistant Marks Gets
the Overlook.
♦
Superintendent of Schools Webster has
made all hit an official announcement of
the four deputies who .will assist him in
his multitudinous duties after the tlrst of !
the year. Unless unforeseen cJninn- j
stance." make some change- to the elate j
they irlU bfc W. D. KSngsbury. vice prin- j
. ■>• of the Horace Mann Grammar BoacAl;
L. A. Jordan, present Ass-lstant Sup-rin
tendtnt; Clarence M. Walker of the Low
ell Hlßh School and Charles H. Murphy
of the Polytechnic Hikli School. 1 ■!•••!'
ent Ueputy Superintendent Marks has
r.ot Leon in hljrh favor with his super.or
for some months past and was told early j
in the campaign thut he coulci begin look- '
iiih' for another Job and take all the unit !
he nteded !rnm hi? current iuties .Since
that time Marks has been exerting every";
pull he wuld line up for an pppointme.u I
on the new School Board. He ha? at vim
time and another materia'ly assisted
Mayor Plulan In creating political capl
tal, artlcularli In numerous ca^es In j
which school affairs wen concerned, and '
it Is said that ha will be rewarded accord- ,
Inaly.
James renrr.an Is confident thnt he has
a lead pipe cinch on one of th. Democrat
ic jobs on the board and the friends he
has had working for him are folly as c<»r.- i
tident. Among the "pollles" his appoint- !
nient is considered a certainty. M. Green- )
t)latt. who was l'helan's candidate for I
Treasurer In the election of IS!* I*.1 *. Is lined I
up for the second Democratic appoint- '
nient. Joseph O'Connor, principal of tt c '
Mission H'.trh School, is said to have
withdrawn from the debt, as he would j
not ace«:it the short term In oHlce and i
would accept none at all unit •■•.-• he should :
also be given a guarantee that he would '
be reinstated in his present It lon upon i
the expiration of his ortlce.
Mayer Phelan was obliged »o forego his |
trip to Los Angeles by reason ct the -• : i- i
oui illne.-js of his mother. Mrs. James ]
Pholan. who ■- Mid to have been it j
death's door these last few days from a
Middrnly «!< veloped congestion of *he
lungs. During her illness the Mayor has
neglected all political matters and given ;
her his undivided attention.
It is r.ot >et announced whether or not
the banquet he was to tendir the new
Board of Supervisors tn-nigh« has been
postponed. However, If the Improved con
dition of Mrs. Phelan's health which was
noted yesterday afternoon continues to- !
day there will probably be no alteration i
of the original plan. Although th.> board !
has not yet fixed a day for caucus it will •
meet with the Mayor on next Tuesday i
night to discuss a plan of organization i
and any otlier matters that may present i
themselves, including the much-fought- '
for rhairmnnshlp of the Finance i om- i
niHtee. j
DRYDOCK TO BE BUILT
FOR THE LARGEST SHIPS
! EXTENSIVE IMPROVEMENTS AT
HUNTERS POINT.
New Dock Will Be One of the Largest
in the Country and Will Be Con
structed in Solid Rock.
One of the largest drydocks ever built
I in the United States Is soon to be con
structed by the California Drydock Com
pany at Hunters Point. Some time ago
, the company became aware that Its old
! drydock was inadequate to accommodate
modern shipping and determined to en
large the present structure Bngtn >er
Holmes of the Harbor Commissioners
was called Into consultation and after
pome investigation reported that tiie
i proposition to enlarge th.- old dock was
j Impracticable and recommended that the
most feasible plan was to construct an
! entirely now and separate drydock
His suggestions met with the company's
; favor and he was Instructed to proceed
I with the surveys and prepare plans. Mr.
Holmes completed his surveys a few days
. ago and '.s now at work oti the plat:B.
The dock 1? to be 780 feet long, 80 feet
wide at the bottom and 120 feet w!d<j at
the top. It will have 2S feet of water
over the hills at low tide. It will be
1 si Igh 1 1 y I:\ rcer than the (iurk ut the ■--
| ton navy-yard; which is said to be one
of the largest and best In the United
States. The new Hunters Point drydo.'k
will be designed with the Idea In v>\v
of accommodating any vessel that enter*
tho harbor of San Francisco.
It is estimated that It will cost between
J500.t».K) and J7M.GX) and work will be com
menced on It as soon as the plane sire
I completed and approved by the stork
i holders of the drydock company. The
outlay will be comparatively small o.v
i Ing to the natural advantages of the pite
i chosen. The basin will bo built In the
; solid rock south of th.- old drydock. This
• rock. Mr. Holmes s;iys. is of peculiar fnr-
I matlon, being extremely soft and yet lin
! pervious to the action of water. The
masonry v.ork will be built over the nat
ural rock basin, making the dock as sub
stantial and solid as possible.
Election Commissioners Meet.
Th< i..- - ni.-t \-.-^
t■•r<i.i \ afternooa in th»- oftire ut Regtstrar
Bteppacher l'r< parations for the coming
bond elections aro hflng mane and the
board appointed 424 election officers i r
to each of the 106 predncta. The
adjourned to meet next Tv
morning, when the contracts win t>e
awarded f"r the printing of K-iiiots, poll
'thrr necessary stationery.
Storing of Flood Waters.
The rx«>eutlve commlttco of the Cali
fornia Wntor and Forent A«i«ocJiitlon will
meet at 2 o'clock this afternoon at room
?.M). Palace Hotel, to prepare the plan for
the campaign to lead to the Impounding
of the flood wators of the State. All the
membera of the eommltttee who reside in
this city, and vicinity win probably be
present; and the Los Angeles delegation
will also be well represented. There aro
no ' nit-- plans prepared In advance of
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 - v •' • • •^
" PILLS Sj
• For Billous •«»<> Nervous Disorders, such as 1
. ?.'? d and Pain In the Stomach, Sick Headache, ]
, tiiddiness. Fulness and Swelling after meals.Dlz- '
( lines', and Drowsiness, Cold Chills, Flushings of i
, Heat, Loss of Appetite, Shortness of Breath.Cos- '
tivenes*. Blotches on the Skin, Disturbed Sleep, '
, Frightful Dreams, end all Nervous and Trembl- '
, Ing Sensations, etc. These ailments all arise '
, from a disordered or abused condition of the '
stomach and liver. '
. Bcccham'm PKls, taken as directed/will *
quickly restore Females to complete health. They
promptly remove any obstruction or Irregularity '
, of the system. For a '
Weak Stomach, Impaired Digestion, Sick <
Headache, Disordered Liver, etc.,
they act like ma 2 l:-a few doses will work won- <
• dera upon the Vital Organs ; Strengthening the 4
Muscular System, restoring the long lost Com- 4
■ plexion, bringing back the keen edge of Appetite 4
end arousing with the Rosebud of Health 4
the whole physical energy of the human 4
• frame. For throwing off fevers they are specially 4
■ renowned. These are" facts " admitted by thoa- 4
■ sands. in all classes of society, and one of the 4
best guarantees to the Nervous and Debilitated «
is thzt Bcccham'm Fttlm hmvv thm <
ifZS 9 ?' S?' 9 *?* gn»JPft*at-MmtU.-l
ctnm In thm World. Mm ham been 4
achiovod without '*• publication i
of tcmtimonlala thm fact being that 4
B^^»m'mPUlmrmcQmuimndinmm- «
Beecham's Pills have for many years been the <
popular family medicine wherever the English 4
language is spoken, and they now stand without <
; 1 0 cents and 23 cents, at all stores. «
.-. Annual sal- •.ooo.ooo boxes. - 1
n i inTi inn **"*• ana mp H*ct«a
i I I I I 111 I I disease* cured or no
111 I I I 1111 r f rom »>n«>n*M- DRfl.
IU I I[l L MANSFIELD A POR-
JLti »L t San Francisco.
this meeting. The first question of im
portance is the raising of sufficient money
to enable the eommltttee to carry on the
mlnary work. Hevond this is the
w r £ ugh or Bar.lsation of all districts in
the Btate upon some basis that will secure
permanently keeping alive the Interest In
all quarters.
President Thom as ha? already outlined
ft plan for enrolling a great membership
at the rate of payment of U per year for
cues and membership fee The real work
of the aspociatlon will be all performed
Dy the commltu .■ h^n after.
FARNHAM FILES CONTEST.
Denies the Right of Boland to Become
Public Administrator.
John Farnham yesterday Bled a contest
to the election of P. Boland for the ofllce
of Public Administrator. In his petition
to be declared the legally elected Public
Administrator Farnham ?ets forth that
he received, according to the Registrars
figures. n.itH vote*, while land re
ceived 24.0JS votes. The misconduct, how
ever, and the counting of Illegal votes.
Farnham alleges, resulted In his oppo
nent receiving the majority, and be asks
for a recount.
Feusler will file a contest to Brooks'
right to REsume oflice as Treasurer to
day.
—• • .
An Eligible Elector.
In Nowmber. ls<»s. n. W. ("urtz was
elected Supervisor of District No.
l in Alpine County. Lewii Bera*win
contested his ripht to hold the office i ■ •
!> on tile pro^n.i tnat CurtS was n>'t ■ !im-
The r<<<n\ below rendered rudgmeni
against Curts, and by Iti decree an
nulled and ?et aside the election. From
vu t;tk. :: and the Su
preme Court r-tat«-H in a decision that the
whole ruse hr.nu upon th« d.-fli.ltl >i\ of the
word "elector. The fact! showed that
Curtz 1? a native son n:id bad lived In
the ooumj all r.f his llrV and within the
district froni which he wr.f elected ■ suf
flclent peril d of time t" miik- tilm ■ duiv
quuliiled el* tor Judgmei I was reversed,
Railroad Not to Blame.
The Coroner's jury yesterday gave a
verdict of accidental death In the !n
quei»t upon the remains of W. W. Mac:'.
who was killed by being run over by a
street car cr. November 27 The testimony
was to the effect that Bell tried to cross
the track while the gong was rinsing and
while" the car was going at the usual rate
of speed and that the motorman did all
In his power to stop the oar as soon as
he saw Macy approaching the track.
TWO BOYS BATTLE
WITH A WILDCAT
William Eden and Ned Watson Hove
on Exciting Adventure in
Marin County.
SAN RAFAEL. Dec. 1 - While gathering
red berries and evergreens for decorating
a hall, at which an entertainment 1h to be
held, two young residents of this city had
an encounter on BoUnaa Ridge with a
large wildcat yesterday, which they will
remember for some time. The boys who
had the adventure were William J. Eden,
son of Coroner Eden, and Ned Watson,
son of James Wat.ion, the well-known
I
politician.
The two proceeded to p.ilinas Ridge In
I bugcr. taking ;i shotgun and an ax
Edf-n cllmbid B tree and started to top off
h lir;itich. when ■ lar*."- wildcat sprang
upon him so suddenly th;it h«* lost hi^
hold and fell about ttfteen feet to the
ground. He waa knocked senaeleaa, but
the fierce cat still clung to him: Watson,
who had the shotgun, banged away at
the cat as poon as )>•■ goi .i Cavorable op
portunity, but owing to his excitement his
aim was bad and be only slightly wound-
I '1 the animal.
It sprang at Wataoa and Inflicted a deep
scratch on his left arm before he managed
t" sh.tk.' it loose. With clubbed gun the
boy attacked th<- >;.t. but at the tirst blow
It Jumpfsi to its fi-o! and disappeared, in
their excitement the bo> « returned to
t"\s:i without their ax.
I'anthern and Wildcats nrf« 50 numerous
In Marin <'ounty of late that entering the
ra.-^tf- without ■ we ipon is deemed a
harardouß undertaking
MORRIS' NARROW ESCAPE.
Falls From a Bridge Into Seven Feet
of Water.
SAN RAFAEL, Dec 1— Jame* Morris.
a clerk In a well known San Francis.
mercantile establishment, very nearly met
death yesterday under circumstances that
would have rendered his fate doubly hard
for his relatives to bear. Young Morris
almost drowned while his brother stood
tifty feet away, blissfully unconscious
that danger was near one of the family,
and it was only by the veriest good for
tune that be became aware of the fact in
-time to- render mMHlful^apslKJmvees —
The young man who is no thankful to
day that he is still In the land of the liv
ing is only i;< years old. He came to this
city yesterday to vi*it his brother. W. L.
Morris, and at the time of the accident
the two were walking Into town from
Bchuetaen Park, where they had been
gathering mushrooms. The eider brother
was a few yards In the lead us they pro
ceeded along the railway track, and upon
addressing a question to his relative and
receiving no answer turned round to see
what was the matter.
Young James was nowhere in sight,
though the two had stood in open terri
tory and been In conversation a minute
previously. While Morris was wondering
what had become of his brother the train
thundered by and immediately visions of
hi* brother being killed flashed across hi*
mind. Rushing back along the track he
frantically called the boy's name, but re
ceived no response. Reaching a cattle
guard he perceived the youth flouting un
derneath in the water. It was the work
•■I a few minutes only to drug him out
unconscious. Ho recovered his senses In
a short while and was able to relate what
had happened.
Turning round on hiring the whistle
of the train he had stepped through th©
cattle guard bars and struck his head
heavily on a beam In falling. The blow
rendered him insensible and stopped res
plratlon otherwise he woui.l have
drowned in the seven feot of water under
neath the rails like ■ rat in ■ tran. An It
was the delay of a few minutes would
brought d e^ Ilfe - Younff clothing and
brought to town, given dry clothing and
a n° «c« c of brandy, and this morning felt
well enough to return home.
HOPE FOR SHIPWRIGHTS.
I \ AttLBJQ, Dec. 1.-The situation has
looked very gloomy for Vallejo ship
wrights during the past couple ..f wo.-k-*
owing to continued silence on the part of
("•Washington authorities Senator
I.uchslng.r. who has been tireless in his
efforts to smooth the difficulties brought
on by <lrcums>tnnces surrounding th..
, walkout of the force at work on the
( Hartford, sent a telegram to Congress
man Julius Kahn at Washington uraiiic
him to MOSrUln what the departm.-m In
m 1;m 1; .'. 1 " lng lM th(! Premises and to do
all in his power to assist the workmen
I.uchslni-r's telegram brought a re
sponse thnt gave the. discouraged work
i m ~ n . a trUP «'ft«"e for thanksgiving
The telegrams were as follows: "Oon-
I pressman Kahn. Washington. I) r
Mare Is. and shipwrights desire inform i
i tlon as to th»» action of the Navy Depart
ment on the situation hen- Use your best
.endeavors In their behalf. If no consld
, eratlon is to be given them they wNh to
km>w. J. J UVHSINUER."
Th*« answer enme Wednesday evnning
I 'J. J. Luch^lnger, Vallejo: Called on
Becretarv Int.-r'iew satisfactory Will
j write full particulars. JULIUB KAHN."
THJE CAT ESCAPED.
NOVATO, Dec. I.— Francis Pelky. a
young son of Thomas Pelky of Klondike
fame. Is now a firm believer In the theory
that a cat has nine lives, and it would
take a Rood argument to convince him to
the contrary. The boy tried to kill one
of the feline tribe yesterday while the
animal was suffering from a fit. and In
stead of accomplishing what seemed a
: pimple enough deeil sent v. bullet through
, bis own foot and Inflicted a bad wound.
The antics of the poor cat and Its evi
dent pain touched the young man's heart
, and he procured a. rifle with which to end
Its agony. He leveled the rifle at the oat
| and was In the act of pulling the trigger
when the cat gave a spasmodic leap and
I struck the end of the barrel In time to
' depress It sufficiently to send a bullet
Plowing through Pelky's left foot. The
boy. dropped the gun and gave a cry of
pain, which brought friends to his asslst
ance. Dr. Kuser was . summoned and
thinks he can save the foot from ampin i
tlon. though the great toe may have to
be lopped off.
Hardly had the rifle exploded when the
cat recovered from Its fit and took a be©
line for another part of town. It baa not
been seen since tho accent. . •
ARCHITECTS'
FEES VETOED
BY THE MAYOR
Plans for New Hos
pital Involved.
The Mayor yesterday sent a veto to the
Board of Supervisors which may Bertously
affect the holding of the bond election
with regard to the proposition of building
n new t'ity and County Hospital. He re
turned without approval Urn resolution
allowing Martens &: Coffey and Moo— r &
architects for the new building,
whose plans wen accepted, "the usual
it;,,! CMtOWlrl fee allowed to architects
upon acceptance of their plans." This ac
tion qn the part of the Mayor may cause
the urchitects to withdraw their plan*,
and the time will tx> too »li< >rt to allow the
adoption of new plans.
The Mayor ODjCCtI M the passage <-f the
resolution nrst on the ground that no
amount is spe< i ■
"The architects,',' he says In his veto,
"stated In open board that they would
accept 1 per cent on the estimated cost of
the building a.- a preliminary fee. which
would amount to MHO, When plans were
Invited it was Mated that the architects
should receive .'■ per cent of the cost of the
building, to be paid out of the proceeds
of the bonds Issued or as may hereinafter
be determined by the board. The alter
native was given to the board because
when some twenty plans were submitted
In March. UM, It was discovered that the
board had no power to construct the hos
pital out of the proceed* of taxation nor
could it levy a tax for the purpose. The
plans were never opened, but the archi
tects claimed remuneration from the city,
and they were paid the Hum of $"> »i, with
the understanding that the plans should
be at the disposal of the city at any time
called for." The Mayor .says further:
"When the advertisement for plans was
made this year the estimated cost was In
creased from $300,000 tw ' 10.000, yet most
of the old plans, with slight modifications,
were re*ubmitted. Including those of Mar
tens & Coffer. As the time allowed was
necessarily short, it was expected by the
board that the old plans would be pre
sented and that an award would then be
made. The architects have therefor- been
In part compensated and they were asked
to abide by the decision of the people nt
the special election to be held on Decem
ber 2'j and receive their full compensation
In rood season out of the proceeds of the
bonds, provided the buildings were con
structed. If new competitors Insisted on
payment in advance the advertisement
was so worded as to give the board dis
cretion. No such demand was made.
"'I think, therefore, that Martens & Cof
fey and Mooasr & Son, whose resubmitted
plans have been accepted, should not be
now paid any sum further on account. I
also object to the payment at this time on
the ground that no money was appro
priated In the tax levy for that purpose
and no funds are now available. The ar
chitects should be satisfied with having
had their plans adopted and should now
await the decision of the people before re
ceiving further compensation."
NEGRO SOLDIER SHOT
BY PROVOST GUARDSMAN
HONOLULU Nov. 23 (via Victoria. B.
C, Dec. I).— The transport Slam, which
lost 3tS out of her load of '■'■■ mules for
Manila in a typhoon oft the coast of
Japan, arrived here on November 13 to
take another lot for the army In the Phil
ippines. She will be repaired here and
will leave about November 25.
The Pennsylvania and Olympln, bring-
Ing the Thirty-ninth Infantry and part of
the Thlrty-tlfth from Portland. arrived
en November 15 and left .'ii the same day.
During their stay here (Sergeant Jones,
colored, of the Thirty-ninth was phot
while resisting a provost guard Private
J. E. McCullln. who had ordered Jones to
the vessel, tired the shot, striking Jones
In the breast and Inflicting a dangerous
wound. McCullln's act was approved by
his superior officers.
The transports L^ianaw and Cone
mauph left together November lv carry-
Ing »03 horses to Manila. The transport
City of Sydney arrived November 22 with
several thousand pounds of bad
bad on board. It had become .ii
most put rifled on the way here,
owing. it in said, to the failure to
perty frceac it in San Francfßtnr. Tim
decaying meat wai delivered to a fer
tiliser company hire and replaced by beef
purchased in Honolulu.
The Lennox has arrived with horses
ir. m Portland.
ARMY AND NAVAL CADETS
TO TEST THEIR STRENGTH
PHILADELPHIA. Dec. 1.-On Franklin
Field to-morrow afternoon the embryo
soldiers of the West Point Military Acad
* my will meet the coming sailors of tlio
Annapolis Naval Academy »n a football
battle, >he flm that has been waged by
tho representatives of the two military
arm* of tile Government In *lx years
The game will l.»- unique In the ann-iis
of football In this city In that no nd
mission fee will i«■ charged to see the
game. No person, however, can gain ad
mittance without an Invitation issued
from either the West Point Academy the
Annapolis Academy or the I mv. i- of
Pennsylvania. Great Interest is being
taken In the contest and the demands for
tickets has greatly exceeded tli» supi>lv
The seating capacity of Franklin Field
Is a little over 28.000. Th*> two academies
have each Issued COOO Invitations and the
university has given out the other 16 000
Among those who will attend the game
are Secretary of War Root, secretary of
1,/Javvl ,/J avv I - on X and Assistant Secretaries
Moiklejohn and Allen. Many officers of
the army and navy stationed at Wasnimr
ton •will also be In -attendance. It is ex
pected that Embassador Paur.cefoto of
Great Britain will also be here.
The two teams arrived here late this
afternoon and are In prime physical con
dition for the contest.
Accused of Murder.
pan jose. d,.0. L— Coroner Ken h»id I
an Inquest to-dny on the body of John
de Rohsl. the Italian who was shot l>y
Louis Ferro Monday evening. The 11: i1 1: i v
found that death resulted from perMo.il
tis caused by a' punshot wound Inflicted
by FeiTO with Intent to <•■ 'iTi rjii t murder
rerro will have his preliminary rxamlnal
tion frtday.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
|5? All diseases and weakness %
5; of men permanently cured. a ,
5 The price may c deposited in m
V any 8. F. bank. to be paid only e>
© when patients are well, or (ft
0 payments may be made & '
Si monthly. No minerals or X !
>/ other dangerous remedies ever (5
W> used. All medicines *<iix&s
1 A Staff of ,\ t t-lX;'" ; \^
|^5k "kc|» Jstobfchrd
hume euro system <p
l^^p^—^zr ' iaH been a success for Q
V?* many years. If you S
© cannot call, write for private ■&
g book for men. diagnosis sheet, <a
H- advice, terms, etc.. all free. S
V No charge for consultation. A
X DR.MEYERS4CO. ©
g 731 Mirk st Strut, 8. T. Q
3k Elevator entrance. Hours — 5 to 7
6 da.Hr: 7to 8 evenings: 9to 11 V
1 " .—. — lars 6
i
VIGOROUS OLD AGE.
Mr. J. B. Potter, Centreville, R. L,
80 years old, writes, Sept. 15, 1899,
of PAINE'S
Celery Compound:
"Fifteen years ago I had to give up
business on account of very poor health. I
was suffering from a number of old chronic
diseases and had complete nervous prostra-
tion. In 1891 I commenced taking Paine's
Celery Compound and soon found that I was
getting the better of my complaints. I con-
tinued using it until I was restored to good
health. Believing that an ounce of prevention
is worth a pound of cure, I take the Com-
pound in the spring and fall, and it keeps me
well. Patne's Celery Compound has made
almost a new man of me, and I have gained
twenty-eight pounds of good, solid flesh and
blood, thanks to its use."
Strong:, vigorous nerves keep the stomach, liver
and kidnevs active. The ills of old age caused by
the breaking down of th se great nerve centres are
prevented by Paine's Celery Compound.
EUGENE FIELD'S POEMS,
A 87.00 BOOK.
The nook of the Century. Handsomely
Illustrated by thirty-two of the World's
Greatest Artists.
GIVEN FREE
to each person Interested In subscribing
to the Eugene Field Monument Souvenir
Fund. Eubiicrlb* any amount desired
Subscriptions us low at II will entltU
donor to this daintily artuttc volume
"FIELD FLOWERS"
irloth bound. Sill), as a certificate of sub-
scription to fund. Hook contains a *••!•<•-
tlon of Field's best an 1 most representa-
tive works and Is ready for delivery.
But for th» noble contribution of th-
world 1 * «realriit artists thin book cotiM n^t
have been manufactured for less th^n IT
The Fund created Is divided VqiMlt* b«.
t»'fn the family of th- lute Eucene Fl-1.1
ar.<J the Fund for th» bulMlng of a monu-
ment to the memory of the beloved poet
rt *Mi<jnn«rt. A *.**+**
£UOENE FIELD MONUMENT 80DVE (IB ro.l o
ISO Monroe St., Chicuito.
(Alpo nt nook Stores.)
If you also wish to «end postage, enclose
m 10_cf ntn t a.
Mention this Journal, as Adv. la Inserted .n
our Contribution.
aW aKJW «^<V ■ afe »^ J8
Huh fc.** 3 JB fkZrl
H jb El I Ira 1 U
P-Cklasestei^) Pn C !Uh Dlamrad Krt.l. *•-
ENNYSOYAL PILLS
»C\ Orlcln»l sad Oaly Qcrcuiatw A.
4^ Z^ V^y* I**'1 **' •«'«» w'U> Mm nn»». Take >Sr
Tfj •» vt^noouicr. *«■>.» danfrrrn.) ruUtv*. XT
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
I/EAUNV AND W'AKHINOTO.V »T.-< -R«.
•» modeled an.l renovated. KINO. WAIll) *
CO. European \>\:m ...m». 60c to ti U> day
15 to » week: 15 to $20 month. Free bath*- hot
and cold water •Very room: fire crate* in every
room; elevator rung all night.
COKE ! COKE!
p. a. McDonald.
WholMfU* n»«j#r and Shipper of Coka»
OFFICE m FOL6OU ST.
1899 --TAXES -1899
NOTTCT3 IS HETtF-HT OIVEN THAT TUB
first Installment of Real Estate Vases and all
unpaid Personal Property Taxes Tilt be delin-
quent and IS per cent added un MONDAY*.
November XI. at • o'clock p. m.
NO CHECKS RECEIVED AFTER SATUR-
DAY EVENING. NOVEMDEIt 11.
OFFICE OPEN FIUDAT AND SATURDAY
EVENINGS. November li and H. from 1 to 3
o'clock.
LDWAKI) I. stlt I il\N,
Ta« Collector of the City and County at S*a
Franc Isoo.
Tranncontlnental trurtjts ar.l trav-
!Trnr»r..ntln-ntal (lie l'nlte<l States ' '
1 1 '" aJI states '
show their appreciation of tlio excel- ' '
lence of the ' 1
! PALACE a«o *
GRAND I
I v makttur the*, hot#la their h-a.l ;u.ir- n
1 i ter* wMI» In San Francisco. X .iri-.-n »
i hundred r»'m«. »C 0 with baths— lATgtit 
ami tm»-«t 1n the world.
JOHN C KiaKPATHICK. Manager. 
«y 1| All \ -r, . 1,1, .... *iiicz M»O.
BT Sn orj, !.U«|«,.,,>,, ate., eaowirf t>j m
W _TI wort and lndiacr*tt**4. lh* v nuu-klu
S and *»rtl v ,e0 umX Vitality ta oIU
\ *V or youtc.itcd tit * man Of etajy b j.V-
t^fV . , * or pl-M-lriK I'rtNßlllMtb'. «a*
Ooßnamptioa i! takra in timx ri... .
™Sf.i? Vr ?b*T***n tnrM thousands and will
g,i?.i- • c ci T? 2 »°« m *» written ,-uiirut .o 1 will
f»et»can>inMichca««or refund tb* raone. T . Prlt«
WfclSt m*Dt| for 13 BO bj mail, in pUiu »r» ar
Qiwnr^i.tofpri^ ( 1 rcu Tar. » ri. ua wr »"«»
AJAX REMRHV CO.. ?«i>«-rNnj,au
For -ale in 8. F. by L*lpnlti A Co^ No Per-
cental Drug Co.. Owl Drug Co.. S. Pl..P 1 .. Oalii d.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A CHEAT lIESTOIIATIVE. INVIGORA*
tor and Nervlr.e
The roost wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
me for the Sexual Organs of both sexes
The Mexican Kemedy for Diseases of the KlJ-
neya and liUiMer. Sells on Its own merits
~. „ MAKER. AI.FS & ImUNE. Agents.
ta Mark* street. 8. F.— (Send for Circular.)
The Weekly Call.
Enlarged to 16 Pages
$1 per Year.WING AND WING
CREW LIVED ON
SEAGULL FLESH
Tales of Woe From
Overdue Ships.
♦ -
ENTERPRISE NEARLY SINKS
DZCKLOAD TTISONXD TO SAVE
THE VESSEL.
«
Andrew Siacoson Nearly Burned to
Death in an Street Lodg
ing-House Arch Bock
to Be Blown Up.
-♦
. Nearly every ccc of the overdue fleet I
fcju t '.«.:<* cf woe to tell upon niching
All c* them had a terrible battle
with the elements, sorr.e were short of
rrorlaloa. a few came Into pert leaking
■ a I»" ot or « &** b *e= reported
"r** 1 There was same anxiety over
J}« ship Glory of the Seas, now 21 days
cut from Seattle with a cargo of coal.
. r ? t^f th% Bteaia coUl « r Mineol*
arrived at Port Lcs Angeles and reported
J.^lnc spoken the ship forty miles south
• Ci.;e uesdocino on Xov»>mber "S it
I a. m. The training CUp Adaas made
port yesterday frcm Settle, and she re
; Httrf that an November so. la latitude
C 3 d<-£~*ea 25 minutes north, longitude 121
tegrers and 34 minutes west, she spoke
t..e Ci.cry cf the Seas and supplied her
Ith provisions. According to that state
rr.er.t. nonu cf the overdue vessels are
Rskirn much progress, as the Glory of
the Stas evidently only made a run of
about 150 miles between the time she was
tpeken on November 2S by the Mlneo'.a
und November 33. when the Aians sup-
I^ied her with provisions.
The cc'.iier Robert Adamson. which ar-
Sired yesterday, reports speaking the '
tchoor.er Wing and Wing and finding the j
crew almost starving. Their provisions
gave out and fcr five days the men had |
teen livirg on sea guH«. The AAamsoa
put tea days* e-pplies aboard and the j
crew cf the schooner had their first I
f ;viari» at»i in a fortnight that after- '
l.oon. j
,T H w J"*r a-nd Wing left Grays Har- :
. r :. .:*> > aso and the AJamson picked
r .; ■ ■•:. .v pcmber SS in latitude 44 de
trees S'j xalautes north, longitude 124 de- i
*r.-eea iQ minutes west, "lhe schooner '
;- isted distress eignais and they stood'
sown to her. Captain Ol?on sent a boat
the Aiamson. and when the men told!
Z'-ir ta.a cf wuo Jt did not take long to j
«et a bountiful supply cf provisions out
il the collier's storeroom.
Tbe schooner Enterprise, which was re
; rx*d a* having lost her deckicad several ■
>;^« a *°t niade purt yesterday. She I
f . r*r.g a leak and had not the deckloa.l i
-»:en jettisoned she would probably have !
g :.- down^wlth all hands. The Enter- !
- .ift drays H-«-bcr on November 2 !
ana at ence ran lnt«. _ heavy south-south- '
.~>. The vessel labored heavily and !
-• - c ; ra.-.g i«aic The pumps could :
•■ . •■--"" .■■■-••. »:-■! '.'.-:. t:.-r- ww v*u *
::v« tett cf water m the held Captain I
•■.'•"*p" , decided it was time to cut away
the deckioad la order to cave the vessel
I was done ar.d then the 3chocner be- !
i Lme n.^:.* t --.^sie. On November 12. in '
. . .. le 4i •. 01 minute north. Icngi
• - "... oegrees £9 minutes west, a ternnc
c . struck the ecnooner. It blew sixty !
miles -.r. hour frira the southeast and*
Us progress the ru-iderhead wu !
carried away, a jury rudder was rigged '
i.:.J Captala I2*rfn;an 'succeeded in ke*p- |
ing ".r.c» schooner under ccntroL The:
: ..: ..: blew away, the fcrcsa.il was '
. tat ribbons and when the deckloa-l j
went overboard it took the main stat- '<
■ : rtgglnr wtth it. All in ail. the |
i the EnterpriJ- had a terrible
lime ox it and wtr« raigaty glad wLe:: the !
voyage wa» over.
Th- «rh<x»r.ers Nettle Sunlborg. twenty- !
four day* from StusUw, and C. T. Kill, I
twenty-ny« days from Grays Harbor, also
had great trouble. Both crews were on
ihort allowance when port was reached
The men on the Sundborg did not fare !
quite bo bad:y as th« others, as there was
v cocsiffnsient of applet* on the schooner. I
und in order to keep them froa spoiling i
the salkrs ate them. j
• collier Ellhu Thompson was seven |
- coniinp down from Ccmox. B. C I
i.:. i the United States training chip Ad- ■
i.zr.s v;3us nearly two weeks coming from '
Hfattle. The greater part of the time she !
was ur.d<?r sail and the apprentice boys I
pot th«»ir flrst taste of a southeaster In a '
\-eftel under short canvas. The ofScers :
Bay the boys behaved splendidly and that
vii aboard are pleased with the leaguing !
cuilitl^s of the ship. I
The »tcamers Homer anJ Empire are f
etlil barb-jund at Co<js Bay. The other j
vessels of the overdue fleet which still
remain to be heard from are th*» schoon
• - AnvrhysT. ;z «my.«. and S. Danielson. I
<«. days from Tillamook: <:harle« Hansen.
Si days frum Ooos Bay; Cocuille, 25 days
from Cf>;ullle River; hhlp ln\incible. U
days frum Port Blakeley; barkentlne j
Lcftlle D. 2» days from Port Blakeley \
Vr 'I r> " r! ',. l^ t i tla \,.- J Ja 737 3 fr °ra Grays i
iiarbor: Martha w. Tuft. 17 days from 1
Grays Harbor; Mayflower, 13 days from'
i [uiUe River; bark Northern Light 21 j
Cays '.rr-n Van Blake! ey; and schooner;
J : T.lcr. 1* <i?.y 5 frcm <»lympia. The Am- i
. . rst Is the only on* cf the !Wt that has
t.~*n spoken, ar. ! was suppllf<i with
rrj\i<«:ons by the transport Columbia
r; early thrc<» weeks apo.
. Andrew Simonson. a sailor, waa nearly
turned to death in a boarding-hous* on
the corc»r of East and Jackson streets
k^pt fcr Mrs. Etta R*>li:y. early yr-iterday
nornlng. He went to b*d the worse for
liquor and capsized a lighted lamp. When
the tire broke out S!mon.«on ran Into the
*. but 'at^r went back to try and
r ;-;rr his clothing. He wan net seen
. - until c>Zlcw Jamos Mackle and a" 1
- of fireman pulled him out of the^
more <T' > a3 than alive. He was car
ri I to the Harbor Hospital, where Dr.
O rr found that he was terribly burned
•he arras, body and lejrs. \e«terday
a he was sent to the Marine Ho»
: but the chances ire apalnft his re
< • fry.
Mrs. RelllT, when she found the house
m fir*, jumped out cf an upp«r etory
■v»ir. J .ow. but escar^sl with only a few
cruises.
*trarn<*r T!run!«wick arrived from
i with th<» new oil barge
Ftir.ta P.vula in tow. The Santa Paula Is
-----.- OSTU; ' T CEREAL.
SLUGGISH INTELLECT
C«:is=d by Coflee.
*• ir.Qalry in the schoolroom
c fact that those children
v ho are illy given coffee to drink
hav.j sail complexions, are nervous,
more or 1< s irritable and very slujrglsh
Intellect or an *»xrv.-rouffht ar.d abnor-
mal imagination, results of extreme
cerrousn«a My own ex^rience with
ct.fTf^ drinking kept me afflicted for
:^ :..e years with severe and constant
headaches, with extreme nervousness
at times.
"I ivas eomprll-d to abandon coffee
cJtogether ar.d was quickly relieved of
the headaches ai:d other troubles. I
was fortunate enoufh to a pack-
upy of Postum Fo*)d <Joftee. but my first
iutempt at mairini; it was a failure.
After another trial and following di-
rections (which sure v*ry easy, by the
v..iy). 1 s._e-;*-'l a. «I«liclous drir.k. far i
superior la my mind to coffee. I have '
continued to use it from the start and •
::.y imj mv«»m*-nt has been steady with !
no 111 effects at all."
The above was written by a school
teurfcer. Miss K. Barnard, of Oxford.
Kafis. |
't is an easy matter to leave off the
"c habit If Postum Cereal Food Cof-
fw is us<rd in Its place, particularly
h«»n attention is given to Its proper
preparation. , The whole secret of the
preparation 13 In allowing the Food
Coffee to bo.M lons enough bring cut
t^e^ta?!* and foo.l value.
All Crst-cUuss grocers sell Pcstum.
to rca to the Lower California oil fields
■ m conjunction with the steamer George
Loornl*.
The Mall Company's steamers Ban Bias
ar-d Costa Rica arrived from Central
i^exlcan porta early yesterday morning.
rr.e San Bias had twenty-four cabin and
twenty-eight steerage passengers. The
<-'o«ta Rica carried freight only.
Preparations for the blowing up of Arch
Rock will begin to-day. The contractors
have purchased the tug Lottie, and early
this morr.lng the laying of the moorings
for the barges will be done. The barges
to be used in the destruction of the rock
are row in Eureka, and the tug Rescue
has been There for five days awaltlnr a
chance to net out with them. A biff der
rick is to be erected on the rock, which
will be used to drill holes. Into which the
dynamite will be placed.
There was some trouble between the
j engineer's and steward's departments on
| the transport St. Paul before the vessel
j mailed, and the Impression went abroad
; that Chief Steward J. J. Fallon had been
t dismissed. This wa# not so. as Mr. Fallon
left the ship of his own volition because
he would not sail In company with the
e»cond engineer. Every member of the
j steward's department also refused to sign
j articles for the same reason. A new crew
I was procured, but every one of Mr. Fal
j lon> men remained at his post to the last
, moment and helped the new men by every
! rr.ear.s in their power to get the hang of
: things. The whole matter will be investi
gated when the St. Paul returns from
I Manila.
SECTION SIX MEN MAY
KEEP THEIR PAPERS
NEW PROCEDURE ORDERED
FROM! WASHINGTON.
Chines* Coming Hither for the First
Time Are Plaoed on a Level
With Returning Mer
chants.
Custom* Collector Jackson received yes
i terday from O. L. Spauidlng, Assistant
; Secretary of the Treasury, a dispatch
r«*a>*lr.g as follows:
You may return, on <!er«rturt from th!» port
I fer <C?i:nA of CT.inese r-rscas prixr.tlng sam«,
I Section S certincatf*.
The Collector says that this order
I makes a radical Innovation in the pro
, c-dure of his offlce. He ha* been working
i under the fallowing treasury orders:
IV^irtsient Circular. No. .— cf August 1.
! IHJI. r«;-alr«j that c«rtlis«.tM resented by
' Oilsese net laberera. mm a ccajltlca preceded
;to t-eir rlrit to lasd. shall bs ■:*- -.f ! by
Ccl'.ector* cf Cuitcias at the port of axriTal by
■ wrltlrc tn r»>i !nk acrcss the face cf tte cer
i tlficate th# r.ara« cf tt« Chir.iur.an. name ef the
vesael. date of arrival a^l airnature cf th«
Collector. The c»rtiacate «hcu,«l thea txi so
j tere4 on th« r-f!»ter and ppe#erv«d carefully
on the. £.>% of the Custcm-hLru»«.
The foregoing mode or procedure was
j afterward modified by Department Circu
lar 152 of 1533, which requires Collectors.
i after making the indorsements, etc., spe
cified, to deliver said certificates to the
; persons by whom they were presented.
The order received by the Collector yes
| terd-iy puts section 6 men coming hero
i for the first time on a par with resident
< merchants returning from a visit to
• China.
EXCURSIONS TO WASHINGTON.
Instructive, Entertaining 1 . Refined..
Comfortable ard Not Expensive.
conducted v
- you East by South three
ttmma a week. I San Francleco
[Ajra and Fridays.
Los Angeles Tuesdays, Thursdays and
lays.
If you have not been through the
South In autumn you have a world yet
to see, painted In many colors, different
from the North, different from the East
and wonderfully interesting.
The equipment consists of the new
! "ordinary " sixteen-section sleepers,
' broad vestibule, upholstered high-back
: ecats. rosewood finish. Plntsch gas.
I broad windows, with roller curtains,
'six-wheel trucks "with steel "tired paper
I wheels. Charge for accommodations is
| the same as m the old-style sleepers —
i that Is. %" for double berth to Wash In g;
! ton cr $14 for a section.
These excursions are personally con
! ducted by experienced men who have
! made the trip scores of times and know
every point of Interest, every connec
. tlon ar.d every station, and whose en
i tire duty Is to look after the welfare <>f
: the passengers, especially ladks and
■ children traveling; without escort, and
j make the Journey comfortable. Lowest
! priced tickets are accepted as well as
! others, and stopovers are allowed on
', any of these to Washington for a period
of tec days or less.
In planning your trip East remember
; that this Is the only excursion operating
! sleepers into the national capital. Ar
j riving In Washington In the evening.
' no extra charge Is made for remaining
I in car over night, and the next day or
! longer if <!e?ired may be profitably used
I In vie-xir.g the sights of the city, and
j the journey concluded at convenience
j to destination beyond.
For further information write or call
upon J. M. BealL Pacific Coast Passen
ger Agent Piedmont Air Line. 121 Mar
i ket street. San Francisco, or A. M. Bar-
I num. WUcox building. Los Angles, or
' any Agent Southern Pacific Company.
MISSING FRENNA CASE
WITNESS BROUGHT HERE
MESSENGER BOY WILLIE WALSH.
WILLIE WALSH, the messenger boy who Is wanted as a witness !n
the Frenna murder case, arrived In this city from San Bernardino
last night and Is confined In the Broadway Jail. Walsh Is 17 years
d age and claims to have seen the pistol In Frcnna's hand before
any shots were fired on the day of the murder. He left San Francisco about
September 2*. An effort was made by the attorneys in the case to subp«na
him, but without success. He was located In the Jail at San Bernardino a
few* days ago. where he was serving a term for vagrancy.
Walsh was Interviewed last night by Detective Dillon. He says that he
was coming downstairs In the Mills building after having delivered a message
on the ninth floor, when he met Frenr.a. with a pistol In his hand, on the
third floor. The messenger boy claims that he was so frightened at the sight
of the weapon ho rushed up the stairs again and did not stop until he reached
the ninth floor. • '-:
Ha says he did not see Turner and saw no shot fired. The first report he
heard sounded after he bad started up the stairs.
Walsh lives at 644 Jersey street. He Bays he left home because he had
been discharged by the telephone company for overcharging a patron He
was employed by a grocer In Woodland and later came to San Bernardino,
where he was found by a constable under a barn and arrested as a va
grant. Walsh evidently heard some conversation between Frenna and Turner,
but seems very reticent about speaking before he is put upon the witness
stand He claims that he heard angry voices before he reached the third
landing.
THE SAN FKA^CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 2, 1899.
- ' ■ — -.I .. i ■ ,i. ■ ■ ■ ■ . " — ■ _ ■ ■ ■ . — — "^  »
THE SHIP GEORGE CURTIS IN STAYS.
» /"> HE was bound from Honolulu for Tacoma, but put Into San Francisco $>
i. V Thursday. Captain Ca'.houn tried to beat In. but when the tide begun ♦
: .j to ebb he had to accept th« assistance of a tug This It th« Curtis' i
Km^ first voyage under Welch & Co.'s flag. She was purchased by that Arm i
: from her Eastern owners a few months ago and was to have loaded lumber ♦
♦ on the Bound
SALE AND TEA
BY THE LADIES
OF ST. LUKE'S
>
Will Sell Articles of
Real Value.
— ♦
A sale and tea under the auspices of
the Twenty Minute "Workers of St.
Luke's Church will be held this afternoon
and evening and on Monday evening in
the Sunday-schcol rooms of the new
church at Van Ness avenue and Clay
street.
Suitable Christmas gifts of every de
scription will be offered for sale at price*
which will compare favorably with those
of downtown stores.
The ladles of the Twenty Minute So
ciety have shown rare Judgment In se
lecting for the bazaar articles of real
worth ar.d merit, and they will eliminate
the importuning which Is at times an
awkward feature of some fairs.
During the afternoon and evening re
freshment? will be served at the tables
an-1 attractive music will be discoursed.
The sale will also partake of the nature
cf a reception, the patronesses being:
Mrs Davli CaJborn* Garrett. Mrs. A. >?.
Drotvn. Mr?. Henry T. Scott. Mrs. Sidney M.
Smith Mrs. Hcraee Hill. Mrs. Hcmer S. Kins.
Mrs Lou'.« F. Monteaji*. Jin. J. O. Bruruter*.
Mr? Sydney Van Wyck. Mrs. Phillip Cadna,
Mrs. Aur^'tus We'.ke. Mrs. Warren Clark.
Mrs". d» Sar.ta Marina. Mrs. Richard Heath.
Mrs Aucustus RodK'rs. Mrs. J. O. Clark. Mrs.
John Gray. Mrs. George H. Ke!!c«-p. Mrs.
Henry L. Davis. Mrs. A. H. Phelps, Mrs. H.
C Davis. Mn. Charles Glbbs. Mrs. William
Giissirr., Sir?. Oecrg* H. Powers. Mrs. Th« '■ -
E. Smith. Mr*. B. F. Norris. Mrs. John Slmp
som. Mrs. E. T. Allen. Mrs A. P. Talbot.
Ml«s Mary B. West. Mr^. J. CVB. Oann. Mrs.
Theodor* Tracy. Mrs. John F. Swift. Mrs. G.
A Armstrong. Mrs. Cyrus Walker. Mr, E. M.
SrauMir.t. Mrs. E. L. Murtstn Mrs. L. Alddch.
Ml«s May Hoyt. Mrs. AlfrM B. Field. Mrs.
James Cunningham. Mrs. James Carolln. Mrs.
F B. Kit -' Miss MauJa Bourne. Mrs.
Alfred B!ack. Mrs. C. I- MaynanS. Mrs D. A.
Bender the Misses ' --• Mrs. Georee W.
Kline. Mrs. W!;::am Carton Bh*w and th«
debutantes of the seas
The doll booth— Mrs. Syin-y M . Smith. (u«i«t
•d by Miss Ere. Stbck.r. Mi« Oin«vl«r«
Carolta, Miss Helen Olbbs. M!« s Mary Scot'
Miss Beralee Drown. Mis. Cora Smedbers. MiJs
treien cmitn.
The candy bocth— Mrs. Homer 3. Klnjr &•
sisted by Miss Jwsle Flllmor.. Miss Chrlst"
ten. Miss Cadw... Miss Go«y Ml." ie
Cluny. M!.s Van Wyck. Hits Binder m.,
Evllyn Pa£ AV<?rm> M 1" Holbrook. Mr,. John
Refreshment bocth— Mrs. O« orj0 rj- Bueklnr
b»m. assist*.! by Mrs. H-nry Seal* Miss Mary
Heath Miss Florence Carr. Miss Era Roun
tr-e. Ml.s Dickens. Mlsa EJna Mlddieton Miss
Llta Peaae^ Miss Mlsnle Rodgers, Mln Main!!
IV' l«ert Mls !. M "l a Thorn? ' on ' •■ . Morton:
Miss Selrr.s. M!as Hnlden. Miss Ana Field
Art booth- M S- E A - Belcher, assisted by
Mrs W:.. Jam R auness Jr. Mrs. \VU!lnm
H. Bertsch. Mm. HsroM la Boyteaux Mrs
Samuel McMurtrle. Miss Grace lW M,,
Mustek. Miss Church. Ml«s Lowell. Mis» Lyons
Miss Voorh;e.. M:»* Florence Stone. Miss Mary
v H«? I^;'* f;* uItSI PS-*l" Huntln^on ™
Linen bo«->th— Mrs. Alfred B. Field iL«sl*t*d
Mr, j hn Ml :
Mr,. Charles B. Stcne. Mrs. William S. Wat-
MH. Mrs William Fltzhush Berry M-« Mar-
FU?I :*. M:« Mtb *' Bacon. Miss Charlotte
Oranre tree— Miss E!-aaor Wood. Miss Bern.
C^if 01 ' „"• p - R*ddlns. Mrs. J. P La P «.
BSSSSS »" : *S s "
as* asfc l^ gar js*^s
&m.mmm
B^im an l,". tt ' rilrr cor nmltte«-Mrs. William
B. Collier . rtialrmaa: Wallace A. Sabin. F R
C. 0.. musical director; as.=<lstln s tr. embers Mr.
Pavld Claiborne Garrett. Mrs. FrmnSs ? Ed,
erton Mrs. R. Douglas Fry, Mrs Janiw d
Ru«!es j r ., V.r* f>n»ral DahcoS" Mr? C a?l
■
w' rbJ l, Van w >'clt. Ml»s Agnes SlmDson
Miss Florence Davis. Miss Ransome slmpson -
YOUNG LADIES' INSTITUTE.
Reunion of the Branches of This City,
Oakland and Alameda.
Last evening there was a brilliant na
semblago in tive Sons* Hn'l. it betnr
a reunion of the members nt the several
branches of the Young Ladles' Institute
of this city. Oakland and Alameda.
There were also present a large number
of membera of the Young Men's Instirute
The decorations were exceedingly pretty
and . were most favorably commented
upon by all. At half-past D o'clock th*re
was formed a double grand march led "by
Laurence Mahoney, one of the ' Krir-i
directors of the Y. M I. ' and Miss Annie
M. Potthoff, chairman of the committee
of arrangements, and John Comyns and
Mis# May Stein. The programme of
dances was well arranged and all in all
the affair was a very pleasant one. The
following were the committees:
Arrangements— Annl a M. Potthcff Ella M
Comyns. M., Stein. Mary I. Wynne. Martha
Copr»*e. Ullie Manic/. Mary Leahy joaerhln*
Molloy. Nellie Winters. Nellie McbtT Ma?y
Gallagher. Mary Kyne. Mrs. Kaunlti ' hScS
tlon—Alice J. DwTtr, Mr*. Welshons. B-iie
Boyl*. Fannie % Deuglaa. Mm. William Bows
Mrs. Devtne. Mary Flynr.. Mary McCarthy.
Floor — Thomas Moron«y. Floor com
mittee—J. Hotter, Jere Loot Roitert Plun
kett. John Coroyns. Ed Ha; )»n, W Devine
D. J. Moynihan. . *
Unknown Man Dro-wned.
SANTA CRUZ. Dec. i._ Y esterday
afternoon an unknown man was drown*- 1
up th- coast, near Laguna Creek. He
was heard railing for help, but before ad
could come to him a wave struck the
boat, causing him to be thrown out. If
clung to the boat and finally sank. Men
searched for the body, which did "n.it
come ashore. Th* unknown man Is sup
posed to have left some schooner or
boat.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
Catarrh! Asthma!
can be permanently cured
by the constant use of
DUFFY'S PURE MALT WHISKEY
as directed.
Dallas. Tex.. February ml
Dctfy Malt Whiskey Co., Rochester. N. V.
Gentlemen: I have u»ed »ome four or live bottles
ci your Malt Whiskey, and find that it ha» beneiiied
«ny catarrh more than anything e!»« I have tried
Send me a case of say three dozen bottlen of Malt
and the rormnla. Yours respectfully,
T. J. Ma^ccm.
Spring Valley Me Co .Kaa. >&. iota.
Duffv Malt Whiskey Co.
Dear Sirs: I read yoar Annual and I am using
your Mat Whiskey for catarrh and asthm* ■ and
It helps me. Respectfully yours,
E. Macki.
G«»*rnm«it tt»mp «n»rki th« gnalae. Drankta uaally
teU U. ! f Toun do^ not. * bottle *ill N. ks: you. oteoild.
fcr Ji ; tit rot 15. Write for Inter ;«:ln» book. * *^
DITFY MALT WHISKEY CO., Rochester, N.T.
COURT-MARTIAL
CONVENED FOR
SHIELDS' TRIAL
Counsel Assigned the
Accused Chaplain.
LIEUT. ELTINGE WILL DEFEND
FORTY-NINTH TO BREAK UP
THIS MORNING.
Two Battalions of the Colored Men to
Sail on the Warren and the
Third Tuesday on the
Sherman,
The trial of Chaplain Shields, charged
with Intemperance, opened before the
court-martial ordered for yesterday morn-
Ing, but It got little further than
the mere opening. Colonel Freeman,
president of the court, had not returned
from Los Angeles, so Major Harvey pre
sided. It was found the accused bad not
secured counsel, and the Judge advocate.
Major Groesbeck, asked that the court
adjourn until Monday morning, when the
trial could proceed. In speaking for the
adjournment, Major Greenback suggested
that counsel be assigned to the accused,
and after some consultation the court 11
rected First Lieutenant Ei tinge of the
Sixth Cavalry to take charge of the de
fense.
On Monday all the officers of the court
I will be present and both sides of the case
■ will be ready to go on. The charges and
! specifications will be read to the accused
and he will plead to them. It Is not ex
pected that the trial Will be a long one.
The Forty-ninth Infantry will break up
i this morning. ' Two battalions will march
. down to the transport dock and will em
bark on the Warren, which will sail in
the afternoon. The third battalion will
sail on the Sherman next Tuesday. The
headquarters .1 band will also go nn
the \\ arren and the Sherman will partial
ly fill up her berth space with I*o recruits
' In addition to the four companies of the
Forty-ninth.
The regiment spent its last day together
In matters of discipline. One of Its men.
Private Hall, was on trial for murder,
he being accused of killing a comrade in
a drunken row in a saloon in Jefferson
j Barracks lust before the regiment started
! out for this coast. There were several
' minor cases also before the court.
Captain Patrick of the Forty-nfth and
Captain Wlggln of the Forty-fourth will
fit on the Sherman with the recruits,
, They are officers wno were detained after
I their regiments sailed to allow of their
examination before a board of inquiry.
I They were found capable of the duties of
j their rank and so were ordered on to the
} islands. There were others not so lucky,
however. Lieutenant Castle and Lieuten
ant Jones of the Forty-fifth, Lieutenant
Drown of the Forty-fourth and Captain
Paul B. Lino of the Thirty-eighth failed
to secure the recommendation of the
board, and so their military career will
be cut short. They will not be allowed
to rejoin their regiments, but will b« mus
i tered out.
The stockshlp Centennial will sail Tues
day In company with the Sherman. She
will carry a full load of mules and their
j equipment.
Troop X of the Sixth Cavalry returned
to the Presidio yesterday, weary a: very
i willing to rest. The troop has been for
several months on guard duty at Yosem-
Ite Park, but the winter's approach drove
the men out and they marched from the
i park home. There were fifty-one troop
ers in the guard, under command of Cap
tain Wllcox. They started from the park
November. 13 and met all the hard weather
there has been since then. Frequent stops
had to be made to dig out wagons that
had become mired in the soft roads. The
men return .well and rugged, however,
for though the work is hard it is all out
In the air, and it is not the kind that does
men harm.
Lieutenant ITarbeson of the Twelfth In
fantry and Lieutenant Leopold Thun of
i the Forty-sixth Infantry will sail on the
! Sherman to Join their regiments in the
; islands. Lieutenant Thun Is the Austrian
Count who was commissioned an otficer
I of the United States army out of courtesy
! to his Government, who wished him to
j represent it.
I The band of the Forty-ninth Infantry
( gave a farewell concert yesterday after
j noon which partook of the nature of a
serenade to Mrs. Ducat, wire of the lieu
j tenant colonel of the Forty-ninth.
Lieutenant Frank C. liurnett of the
Thirty-ninth Infantry reported for duty
at the Presidio yesterday. He was as
signed to the recruits.
ORDER PUZZLING TO
OIL LAND LOCATORS
WILL PROBABLY HASTEN THE
BORING OF WELLS.
Many oil men In this city are much in
terested. Some days ago mention was
made In a telegraphic dispatch that the
Secretary of the Interior had made a rul
ing to the following effect: "In order to
prove that the land is valuable as petro
leum producing land a well must be bored
and surface indications are not to count
as evidences of oil in paying quantities."
There are several hundred oil companies
in this vicinity that have been incorpor
ated during the past year. Some of them
have taken up Government land. Many
others have secured land by patent; oth
ers by lease for a term of years, paying a
royalty to the owner; others still axe un
der the placer mining law. which was
amended Ur include oil iaittis soma years
ago. Several classes of these oil men
have little if any interest in the decision
alluded to. But there are others who are
much concerned. Inquiries have been
made at the United States Land Oflic*
in this city for a copy of the decision, but
MMM has arrived yet.
On the face of the decision it teems to
say that the surface geological evidences
of oil are not sutnclent. When. then. It
Is asked by the locators, must the well
alluded to be bored to get a title from the
Government? No one here knows. in the
past few months there have teen several
Instances of claim-Jumping in the new oil
district. dome speculators think that the
present condition of uncertainty may In
crease the "jumping." Perhaps this first
man or company who gets a well in op
eration In the lands which have been
taken up solely upon tho surface indica
tions may be found eventually in posses
sion of the land, although others may
have been th« first to tile. This consid
eration, In the opinion of some parties In
terested in the oil situation, will hasten
the development of the whole oil district.
An outfit to bore 1000 feet, with the
tubing necessary, costs about $7000 laid
down in California. Under the placer
mining law twenty acres can be riled upon
by any citizen. Eight persons can rllo
upon ICO acres, and the advantage of this
plan has been that It was necessary to do
only |1O) worth of work per annum to
ultimately prove up on the land and get
the title from tho Government. The time
for completing the transaction extends
over a period of years.
Copies of the decision of the Secretary
of the Interior have been sent for by oil
men. There is an opinion generally enter
tained that Judge Rom may take this
phase of the oil matter Into consideration
in rendering his decision next week on
the Home Oil Company rase at Los An
geles. _
Will Elect Officers.
The Iroiuois Club met last night at Its
rooms In Pythian Castle and made nom
inations for the annual election which is
to occur on Friday evening next. The
following were slated for ofl'ce: Presi
dent. William McMann; first vice presi
dent. William Cannon, second vice presi
dent, James Keenan. recording secretary.
Daniel J. Gordon, corresponding: secre
tary. J. I* Murphy, financial secretary.
August J. Pratt, treasurer. P. J. Thomas:
trustees— J. Bryan. Captain
George A. Krimphoft. L. Aletzger, Charles
Edelman. Joseph H. Gorman. J. E. I II
mon. E. Lewis. Fred A. Baldwin. Jere
miah Deasy. P. Boland. Max Popper, .Ma
lor Powell. Dr. Thomas Shumate. E. P.
E. Troy Archie Campbell. A. W. Thomp
son and Colonel Bienenfleld.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
THE SOCIAL LIFE OF THE HOME.
Copyright, 1899, by S«ymour Eaton.
HO/VIE SCIENCE 4IN D HOUSEHOLD ECONOMY.
Contributor! to th!» course: Mrs. Helen > ar-.rl-»". Mr*. Margaret E. Sanftter. Mr*.
Ka.t« Gar.-- Wells. IbtlNki E. H->can. M!s« Anna Barrows. Mrs. Mary liot*ru
Smith. Mis* Emily O. Bach. Miss Lucy VI be? lock and other*.
VII. VISITING AND ENTER
TAINING.
I sometimes wonder If organized phil
anthropy and hotels are not doing awiy
with Individual hospitality. Th- old
fashioned Quaker quarterly meetings
were abundant evidence of the past gen
erous way of crowding, but now it is
often difficult for families with small in
comes to be as hospitable m people were
even thirty years ago. when single bed
rooms were not deemed hygienic necessi
ties.
We do not take to hospitality naturally.
Joyously, Inevitably; we hay»» to weign its
pros and cons. We do not dare to Invite
our superiors lest we seem arrogant, so
we get conscientious and ask those whom
we do not want as a matter ol duty. But
when hospitality Is thus branded and
when one Is Invited as to a philanthropic
caravansary scant pleasure is felt by
either visitor or visited.
"Be sure you never put a guest roo-n
to rights till your guest has been pone
many hours," advised a well-worn best
ess. "Why?" I asked. "Because." she
replied, "I was so glad Mrs. ha ■'. gone
that I was bustling about her room,
changing the sheets, etc.. when she re
appeared, saying she had missed her
train. I suppose I must have shown my
dismay, for she told me she did not ralnd
sleeping in the same sheets one rr rt
night, as it would save washing, and that
she always took her own pillowcase
wherever she went from a labor-saving
regard for her entertainer." Not all vis
itors are as frank, far-seeing and con
»sdeiate—that is, if Mrs. were really
considerate.
It Is not merely the cost of a guest
that has to be reckoned, but also tiie
amount of time she consumes, since the
modern woman does not sit down to talk
and sew. Of course, there are many
kinds of visitors. Those with a hobby
know how to take care of them
provided they do not lay every one else
under contribution to It. There is tne
shopping visitor from the country; let
her hunt for bargains by herself. There
is the aged or lonely relative with nerve*
and feelings and the general utility vis
itor whose services one unconsciously «c
cepts. and th«» gay young srtri with her
trunk of bewildering vanities, who mikM
ye . happy Just because she Is. and the
celebrity visitor, whom th» papers inter
view. Each one is to be entertained ac
cording to her kind, but on them all rets
the same sense of obligation, since It Is
always an honor to be Invited Into any
body's home life, no matter how sirrple
the home.
A guest from tne moment of her arrival
till that of her departure should know
when to kpeck and when not to sptik.
when to Jo and when not t<» 60. when to
?pr.'nr ar<l when to disappear. There are.
moreover, two or three misdemeanors
which visitors of high breeding nev*r
commit— such as for-- platonlc frlcnl
ships with one's host or hostess when
staving Act their roof. receiving from
or making offers of marriage to members
of the family, indulging In lengthy moon
light flirtations on piazza* or parlor <»■*
a-tetes, gaping when one Is bored or Im
posing upon or Ignoring servarts and for
getting to compensate them for special
personal service, and lastly, the ml?«>
meanor of tetng unpunctual. Little awk
wardne«s3s are to be avoided and ex
planations are always disastrous. Atwre
all, the well-bred guest, after a visit Is
ended, never gossips about the amusing
weaknesses of the family In which she
has been either a welcomed or tolerated
visitor.
Of course, a hostess Is responsible f">r
the good times of her visitors an" must
not calculate on leaving them alone too
severely, as each one likes to f**el she
is of some consequence. In olden days a
visitor shared the family life, Its Joys,
economies and WOrt To-day her hos
tess miv greet her on her arrival and not
?ee her again till 5 o'clock tea or late din
ner, and whether or not they may meet
more than casually at the breakfast table
depends upon the peripatetic ability of
the hostess for clubs and committee
work. It Is much plea*.. Ito visit in
and much easier to entertain In a large
family where there are children, who
transform the house Into a variety show.
than In a home where the hostess Is by
herself, for a family nursery or grown-up
children make the delight of a visit.
On a visitor in any kind of a home,
wealthy, medium or economical, always
rests the Invariable task of making her
self agreeable, so perpetual a bondage
that many persons prefer the Independ
ence of a hotel to being on steady family
dress parade. Just be natural, say the
guidebooks anent visiting. All very well
If that means being always charming and
never aggressive, no matter how old and
privileged nor bow youthful and de
bonair one may be. Yet too often being
natural means being rude and selfish.
Said a polished hostess of a yoeng girl:
"She had so many resources within her
self and she was interested in so many
things that she was a delightful visitor;
she enlivened us when we were together,
and she was never a weight on our minds
when she was alone." And another l^idy
remarked of her visitor: "He was so
thoughtful of my comfort, so sunny In his
greeting, that I knew I needed him ail
the time."
Personality and point of view enter In
to the mutual relationship of visitor and
Th«r« Is as little sense in setting
■hotdfl ajar by friction of unassimll
atlng guests as there Is In being so ex
clusive that no one in\"ites anybody to
stay over ntght. Some people take apart
ments Just to condone their mental lack
-ptiality. It Is often said that the
West, is ny-re easily hospitable than the
East. It is If emphasis be laid on the ad
verb in making such a statement. Still,
throughout the country, if summer houso
parties and their like are expected, mod
ern conventional demands, public duties
and troubles with domestics have less
ened that ready, easy hospitality which
did not mind letting Its affairs b* known.
When summer comes, fortunately, we
relax our housekeeping rigidity and con
sent to fill our cottages with guests and
to drive three in a bupgy.
One very noticeable change tn the meth
ods of hospitality is the extent to which
Sunday has become a gala day. Unex
pected guests are expected to constantly
I . in tn lunch or dinner: girls are at
home in the afternoon to young oien ca>i
ers; musicales are In order in the even
:r I
8:111. all this Is different from thi dear
bygone way of making visits, when one
became part of the family and shared
Its joys and sorrows. Such familiarity
has gone jut with hand-sewing and let
ter-writing, and we now entertain instead
of having visitors.
In entertaining, the first encounter with
difficulty lies in making out "the list."
That conquered, th* menu steps into Its
prescribed place with the nv<le of enter
tnlnment. but "the list"? The people to
whom one owes a return Invitation; the
people whom It pays socially to tnrlte.
the people whom one must Invite, tnt!
mat* friends, relatives, etc.; thos* whom
no one wants but who will fe»l s'lghted
11 not asked. Only a huge reception can
Include them nil. and then If all come the
grcgarlousnesa cf the affair ■poUl II all.
The reception In the form of a cru*h at an
aft«?rmon tea. th* most Inclusive nnd th«
cheapest way of er.tertalnlr.fr. Is deserv
edly popular, but It 1» nnt elegant, for no
personal compliment Is conveyed by being
in\-ltcd to It. though If one Is omitted
there is legitimate cau«e for personal
grievance. Urea If a hostess could b« iur«
of carrying out a progressive social series
of u&s. offense is often taken at not
having been summoned at the *ame tltna
when some one else was bidden, and so
she has recourse to naming several days
on the wrne card, trusting to the law of
averages to distribute her friend* lmp«r
tonally.
Oh, the folly of It . -I! When It Is only
l a matt-r uf personal Independence- which
j can be sheathed in grace. Why not dare
! to Invite at different times those whom
■ one wishes, and then make each one feet
sh« is especially desired? Practically this
Is done at dinner parties and lunches. th«
dinner party being the most rigorous la
etiquette, the most complimentary In form
to a guest and the most disturbing of so
cial forces to the average American
household. But of all social absurdities
the notion that the essence of honor to
a guest lies in the expense of a dinner Is
the most unflattering .o. the dignity of
human nature, it Is the ;^opie whoa
one meets, not the menu, neither the flow.
cr 3 nor the service that makes the charm
or a dinner.
T So back We are driven to "th- "*•"
Just because most persona do not know
, now to be brilliant In general conversa
, ucn are most dinner parties stupid, while
a dinner of tete-a-tetes is abominably bad
manners. A hostes3 should always piaa
0 seat her gut-* «o that there will b«
two or three etarters of general talk. Do
not put a monoiogist where he can com
rnacd attenUon. Quench h!m between
two gossips. Do not avoid earnestness.
; even seriousness, but know when to re
liuve It by anecdote, graceful and sliding
changes of conversational base, us it is
ominous of trouble to swerve off from a
1 topic abruptly. Each guest must fee) a
; personal responsibility for the good times
of others, Lot so much by shining herself
as by drawing oat others.
Thf *ecr«t of success in entertainicr lie*
in this rower over others. A certain Bos
ton husband and wife were much sought
i for at dinners because where they were
I alt *-r.t delightfully : only a few knew
that the couple deliberately planned at
tack ar.d resistance In talk, for of cours*
| married people are always placed at op
i pos.te ends of a table. The fashion of
dinner parties for "bud." is amusing
since buds* and college lads do not know
bow to talk. Early middle age. say 2S •■,
soon enough to begin as a dinner de
butante. uc^
Why raw oysters, soup, fish etc.
.should follow each other with gastron
omic Inflexibility is again amusing it
I would be a relief to have baked bean. a.
an entree rather than a vol-au-vent. out
, whether the dinners be Utue and Li
; formal or tig and formal the one Inrt!*-
Pe -ests rCqUißlte ls that of *««-Ml«cted
Leisure is another Ingredient In enter
| tainment which not even rich people no*
, Bess If they are philanthropic. It takes
i up time to have a succession of small &%.
UTltles. whether balls, dinners, lunches
j or teas, and yet to acquire fame as an
entertainer one must be constantly at it
on a limited scale, as far as nimb-r of
I guests Is concerned. Disagreeable as !s
the cant phrase "small and select" It tx
! presses Just what is necessary for ele
gance and Intellectual pleasure. The
t habit of mere lionizing is noxious to both
! the h*ro and his clientele. Emerson
! avoided being a lion, whereas Dr. Holmes
I took it kindly and facetiously. Lowell tt
i garded such servility as a passing show
I and Whlttler negatived It Indefinitely.
• Why must one always be invited to meet
• somebody? Why cannot we go into so
i clety to meet ourselves. Just as we do at
| clubs, church sociables and young peo
! pie's associations, where we are always
I sure of having a good time a- equals)?
If. however, we are bent on lionizing
then we must remember that shaking
hands with an unknown crowd does not
! convey the same sense of adulation to
| the distinguished guest as when a greater
person than one's self la humbly pre
sented.
A third requisite In skillful entertaining
lies In this very matter of Introductions.
j Not merely to pronounew the name, but
to give some clew as to who la who- to
| linger an appreciable second, thai as
hostess one may be sure that the t»o
have not at once run aground !n!o
siler.ce; to know by Intuition Just -jrhrn
to break Into the talk of two persons- to
( let no one feel lonely: to make each one
I realize he is conferring i special 'avor
upon somebody else— th!s Is diplomacy
the sympathetic tact of entertaining. So"
It comes that It Is a fallacy to suppose
brilliancy rather than sympathy and
; grace Is more Important to a host««»
Fortunate Is she If she possesses all three
1 charms, hut If only oat, may it be that »£
the sympathy which pats other people at
, their happy cue.
Boston. Mass.
COURSES OF INSTRUCTION.
Autumn-Winter Term. 1599-1900.
MONDAYS and THURSDAYS:
Popular Studies in Shakespeare.
TUESDAYS: The World* Great
Artists.
WEDNESDAYS: D«sk Studies for
Girls and Shop and Trade Studies for
Boys.
FRIDAYS: Great American States
men.
SATURDAYS: Home Science and
Hcusehold Economy.
These courses will continue until
February 15. 1900.
Examinations will be held at their
close as a basis for the granting of
certificates.
ALARMING SPREAD OF
DIPHTHERIA IN SAN JOSE
SAN JOSE. Dec. I.— Th« southern end
of the city Is threatened with a diph
! theria epilerslc. Half a dozen new cases
i have developed within the past week anil
\in the past fifteen days about twenty
i cases have been reported. tc« majcrity
I of them being of a mild type. Two death*
have occurred since Monday. They ara
the 6-year-old child of Merrttt Rockwell
at C Alameda avenue and the child of g.
S. Davis on Second street, near Keyes.
Three cas*« were reported y*sterday on
Lick avenue and there are several in th«
time neighborhood on the suspected l!*t-
The Board of Health has ta*en all pre
cautions to prevent the dlsoas* aprea.ltne
and City Physician Hall has quarantined
I all the houses where there are any symp-
toms.
The lack of proper drainage of the rtt*
trlct infected Is the cause of dlphtnerta.
The sanitary conditions are poor. There
being no sewer system the houses) an a.l
| connected with cesspools.
910
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Bank of England rate again advanced.
Silver off a fraction. Exchange unchanged.
Another decline in Wheat and Barley.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Hay end feedstuff s weak at previous prices. j
Beans no higher, but firm.
Potatoes and Vegetables about the same.
Butter steady and Eggs weak and quiet.
Poultry market depressed under heavy stocks.
Game weak and dull.
Oranges, Lemons and Limes plentiful and quiet. , ,
Nothing new in Dried Fruit.
Prolusions stand the same.
Large Hogs in free supply, but small Hogs scarce.
Seattle Coal marked tip a dollar.
Charters.
Th% Luc::* lo«t£* coal at Taeoma for Hono
lulu.
Bank of England Rate.
Tb« Bank of England ha* again adrancel
It* rate of d!eeour.t from I p«r cent to ( per
cent. T % -»» continued advances show that
Kr.gland Is flniSlrg some difficulty In keeping
gold :r r.i frolng out cf the country, chiefly
to taa U&lted States.
Exports of Salmon.
Exports of aalmon from this port by a*r\
Curing the first eleven months of th« year were
««r.CM ca»es and :■:«. ;«ckages. valued at
• l.»S.»00. agaJnvt 475.7 M cases and 10.73 pack
«4ges at f1.!0,14U for the fame time In ISM.
Customs Collections.
Ixv-f, ' customs collections In November were
»r*'*.f6.\ wrair.nt »4<a.C'>o in November. Iff*, end
for the flrnt eleven months cf the year $6,437,-
Trr. against $i.DJ7,y* la»t y»ar.
Produce Exchange Sales.
The November ra>i at the ■■! Francisco
Produce Ca^l Licaj-d compare a* follows:
IK*. INS.
W>eot. tons 171.300 8M.C09
Carley M.OOO 7.6>J
Total 191. : M 222.200
FiCes for the past five months cf the cereal
year compare «> follows:
IS9S. :Ss!>.
Wheat, tons f:"J.CV) CT«&Vi
liej-iey BS.NO ll!>.y>o
Total ...... KS^OO tCCSOO
Stocks of Grain.
Produce n^char.c* <^ram Inspector Sieller re-
I — • rtneks of grain In warchouite and on
wharf l>ec«r.ber 1 as fellows. In tons:
Wheat. Barley.
Tort C^t a, N'->vemT«er 1 16S.V'7 • £0.7n0
Tort Costa. l>ecemlx*r 1 1f.P.41* 4n.X_ > S
ftt^ktrtn. NfvemtH-r 1 *6.1<6 tS.US
F!r»-kton. I seemlier 1 .».. 7S.S6X rc.f.Sl
Han FranclKw, Novemlw^r 1... i.« 2 14>?a
Ktn rr»:iclsco. Deceml*r 1... 1.7 M 19. r.Si
Oats. Corn. Bran.
November 1 i.ZXi 212 121
I«ee»n;ber 1 &.C72 3i /*V27O
Hece!pt* In November wars 27.11* tons bar
ley. 173 tens oats, £11 tens corn and :s-T3 tons
tiran.
Weather Report.
<i:Mh Merl.'.lan— Pftrlflc TrmO .
SAN FHANCISCO. IVc. 1. ISS3-5 p. in.
The ! Mowing are the reasmnal rainfalls to
flute, as compared with those of MM date
latt *< a- r.. anl rainfall In last twenty-four
hours: .
T>net This Lost
Ftstlcns— 24 Hours. Sen? n. Sea«on.
EureKa ©.<"> 2n.SS f.lO
lied liiurt O.W 7.C2 2.12
Facramenti Offl "A 1 * 1.61
Fin Frnnrlrco O.M 7.71 2.M
Fr'sno 0.10 3t2 1.4>
Inflepenrtenre O.C) O.JO 0.41
Han Lvi» Obispa O.fK) f.7< 0 {7
I^s Ancrles O.M 2.4« O.IR
P»n Dieso O.<V) 1.25 0.23
Yurr.a O.W O.ig 0.18
San Frar.cli-co data: Maximum temperature.
CI minimum. tB; mean./!-6.
wF.ATHEn ooNurrroKS and ceneiial
FoP.HCAST.
The pressure has rieen rrpld'.y over the north
ern hslf of the I'aclflc C'«a*t. Purlnc the past
twenty-four hour* there has been a rl»« of half
•n in.-h In pressure over Northt-m Washington
i r '. Vsnrouxer Island. The pre?»ur* will prob
ably fall rapidly along the northern cuast Sat
ur&ay r.'.ght.
Tho fmr-erature has ripen ever Nevada and
Vtah. It f.ai fallen at Los Angeles and San
Diego.
No rain ha* fallen In California.
Ffrecaft mmie at San Francisco for thirty
hours etidtr.g midnight. I>eoenr.!vr 2. IS9>:
Northern California— Fair Saturday; light
northerly wind*.
B"iith»rn <'«:iforr.ia— Fair Saturday; light
Dorthertjr winii*.
tTliiti-I-alr Haturflar.
Ari».una— Fair Saturday.
Kan Francl»eo and vicinity — Fair Snturdi«y.
wtth IncrraslrK clt udinms at night; northerly,
changing to westerly wln<3*.
ALEXANDKn G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETSI
lock Market.
NEW rOIUC. XV*. 1.-Th» Mock market to
6ay wan * DUTW nnd colorless i;fT.i!r. Pro
frMtlnr.al operations »»re r^fi><-i:*lble lor what
ever movement t«:k place at.d chance* on till*
account «fr» not well maintains) owln<t to the
<le»lr« of tba tHllfllMimilil to dote up their
contracts at one«. The organised hu; Ing of
tli<- trunk line* and ruir.a or the Flocks which
were !n evtder.ee the earlier jiart of the week
n».:ii>i to I h entirely dltwunutiued a'i 1 t tiffs
stocks reacted on j i-- •:! t - 1 ;. 1. 1 1 t. New York
fVntral n- : . with the rijrhts to subscribers to
the M« murk limur deducted • freta the iirtce.
TTi^r« *CtV Milrh of ibCM ughti at from V%
to l>i. I'nlon J'arinc »*-n<l Northern j'acirio
»fcpv<-J some vtre&ctta and tbert nan an at
trrr.i>t to mlMU>re notne of the iron and *t«**i
»! ■■■< I • Mhirh |.f \• •! only j>artly feurcmafut.
Horn» of tl>e i>rtimJn«it r^tclaltlct ButTeri-d
from tx-ar j rrwure, nut&bir Ku*ar, llrox.klyn
Trar.nit and the cthrr New Ycnk tmction
»t.'. >i. and the 'J"<.l>ai-c<i »ttH-ks. Conditions Sn
th* money uiarkft were responsible for Uie
<Jui:: •■» In the ».t<ick market. The advar.r*
in tJ:e Bask o' Kr.»;:an<l rnte from I to I ji«r
o-nt xrut. unex|»-cted. »mt was a cr>aSrm«t!&n
rf a .:;•«.;:•.--;•.!:.• nr.t!' :;^tlc-n Irom Ifci atocu
marltet jxint t.f view. It is arcepte^ as a
notlfir-aU-.n or «h !iank of Hr.eland"* policy v
ti.ld «nmr..l o! "• "•» pio&ry market with
tho puTrfxe rf lt«»p«r.e »p r»'v» nr i.n to nt
trart funds t« l^mdun fi,r tbe «uttir» ne*<l»
of that market. In.-lufllry: the coming snni«!
rettletrrnts luid the ntjuiremerts of the (lov
ernn»rit f<^r the i-i-iutli African wnr exiietiJj.
tures. Rt»rllnr ncteUß* iKh here and In
J'atlß hu* declined !u reFj^n:« to the condition*.
In l»nd-«i. where, however, th« money rat« (
T-esrted ellchtly from yestcnlay'a l«wl The '
rat* for n-.oney m NVw York' <Ir>^« j,At rls« i
aWve « pe.r c-nt, Prell^ilnsry eitimat»-r trako
It <«vld»nt that to-normv,-'i bank «ta.trn;«-nt
vlll eb»w ftill further Imrrovemrni i n tjl(.t j 1( . c ,, n . ;
«!Itl'-n of the li.\r.ks. hut the rain in cnnh '
resoutxt^ wlil rome wholly from sub-treaiiury '
<>j<ej-atlons on whlrh ac-ount the tank* have
rained 12.530.000. Including »>ord redemptions
and recf!j,ts on ««-ormnt if roM dep^irit^ ",,.
Interior joints. On the Interior money move
ment by «-ri>res«. on the other hand, the t ;i:.,;«
hfive nvKtalned a net !'*■ of over JIW/«">o. ){„.
reljrts from the interior have fallen cjf nvrr
MO't.OCO. while the *h]pmentn to the lnWrW
)it «• incre.irfi pearly ftlO.ft'iO. The net rain
on lant woek's movement had arou«e<J h< :■•■»
thai the lon»r exj>ected reflux of funds to this
renter had at !a*t Bat in. I it this week's
flrurr* Rhow that the Interior demand Is still
D&Matlfo*4.
The \.--t-A market wim aulrt and priori' were
»h*d<-<l in the tnaiorlty of Issues. Total (tales,
I'«r volue. ji.sii.ncn.
'*nlt»d states l>onds were unrha«(c»4 In the
lild i-rtcen.
:;ew Tonic stock LIST.
Clr.(ilr|f
V\n Atchirnn a
1Z.C.1 Atrhliwn prefd «S*4
I.CO Haltlmnre A Ohla r.T\
Canadian Tadflc WV4 J
Canada Southern !Z\
ii ill Chesapeake 4t Ohio 31
7W 4.hi<\»go Urea! Western 14H
S.-'v Chicago Uurllngtun 4; Quincy 13^-j
1,000 Cli!- ■■)-■" ln-1 A: tit Louis 17
Chicago li-.J & m Louis prefd K'4
lv Chicago & East Illinois H%
lIW Chicago A: Northwestern 16s
700 Chicago Rocit U!a:i<l .v Pacific lia-s
i.tli C C C & .-; Louis C 34
2.t«W Colorado Southern Ci»
*M Colo Southern let prefd «■
100 Colorado .-. u:i:i-u. I'd ; refd 1»H
Delaware «& liuiison 1;W» 4 !
100 Del 1-tck & Western l&x*«
i»«-iiv-<t & it ', :(>•?» I
110 Denver .v ]; '". ;-rvM 74^
1 ....... Kri<* j;» 4
X.7U) J-:rie Ist prefd 37> 3
£S5 Great Northern prefd 17»i\»
Uocitlng Coal J»i^
li>« k;i.; Valley 3t\
mm.' Illinois Cential llihi
i lowa Central 13", !
lowa Central ; 1.-M (,$'
1.570 Kan City Pitts A Gufl 10
"Ou 1...K1- Kne & Western I9 r 4
Lake Erie & Western prefd .. &»
Kike Short 2'>6
2.JC6 Louisville & Nashville BU
lb i'4o Manhattan '■ 105' i
3.tiu Metropolitan Street Railway 19*4
Mexican Central 13 "
U* Minn I St Louis C 6 ;
Minn * St L j.refd K.V.
1.700 Missouri Pacific 4■ \,
Mobile & Ohio 44U
2vo Missouri Kan.«as & Texas 12
3'jo Jtiirsouri Kan>«> & Texas pr. fd. ti
New Jen-fy Central 122
2,i:7 Km- York Central lU\ '
2.610 Norfolk it WeMrrn ' 'OK
Li>> Norfolk » Western prefd :u\ t
*.»>.!•. 5 Northern Pacific UK '
lO.'l) Northern Paciiic prefd 77*1 i
700 Ontario & Western ss«.
Oregon ltailwuy I Nay 4; *
... Oregon Hallway tc Nay prefd 7C !
t>.s!<.) Pennsylvania lw 1
Heading v.,U 1
2.425 Keaulng Ist prefd .....; 6j»»1
*M Reading 2J prefd «S !
Klo Grnn.le \Ve«;-rn 43 j
MOO Rio Gramle Western prefd 89 I
SvO BtvlxHlla & San Francteco lt>* 4 !
....... St L<uis A: S F lft prefd 7iu j
In) St Louis £• S F 2>l prefd 36 i
ill) St l»uis .Southwestern I**i7i
3"v St Louis Southwestern prefd 31V
i.bJ) ft Paul .<> 4 £ !
•-•- I'aul prefd !!!!!!'"!" 7j '
M I'aul .-. Omaha 11*14'
11.&Z0 Southern I'aclnc *" "" a*\ i
CSU Railway ."."".'' n*i
2.3y;t Soathern lUllwaj prefd '.'.'..'."" >Jsu. !
«00 Tesas A: Pacific «v
M.4*i Union I'acltic r"*»o2lr "*»o2l
3.7«.1 Tnlon I'aciflc . ■-• '. '" ""- ?:£
100 Wat.ash I i?"
*"jo.\Val«a^ prefd .... .. «?
€10 Wheeling ALE ...'.'. "* iT
• f^o Wheeling » L b i,r*r<i "."I". 3 5
6TO W i»coi:sin Central 1S i/
Kxprt-iis m panics— •-•■■- .
; Adama . ,
American •••••--. .
; rmifd States "" ::.■
i Wells KnrKO '..".■".'.'.■."!'l"7
Miscellaneous —
110 American Cotton Oil .. . 3«i
American Cotton Oil prefd """*" «l
An.enan Malting ... ........ - ,
ICO American Malting t .r-r,l ";. 44 I
"^ American Smelting * Kenning" l"! 40
?S m frn'"ltlr. X & i: e ftnln X irefd |0« I
100 American Spirit* 4^ |
....... American EjHriu' prefd.;;"!! 17 i
J.4W» Ainertcan Ste»l Hoyp 4-u '
l.mo Alirerlcnn Ste.-l Hoop prefd v; !
I 6,100 American Steol £• Wire "*" «y I
:i0 Aniencan St«^l »t Wire prefd"! il,i 1 , *
3<- American Tin PUte ...' '" 3,1
■;;V; Ati: ' rtccn Tin i .... .V." *.3>*
lO.Sal American Tobacco u: £
American ToUaeoo prefd '.'.'.'."! H3
Anaconda Mining Co.. . ---■•..
45.7V6 Brooklyn Ttapld Transit .' ss?. 1
?C0 Colorado KuH & Iron. i " - ut! !
I 17.C10 •mental Tof>acco 411 i
1.019 Continental Tobacco prefd '.'.'."" ".-"L
I 1M75 Federal FteH . 22 l
L2SO T^leral Hteel prefd ••• ... - »
U-o ..... Klectrlc ••••• t
4SD Gluco?e Su^ar "' irV
<:iucoj<e Susar prefd '... •ou
Internitlonal PajM> r ..."" "\k
7(>o lnterr.ntir.nal I'aj.er prefd " );s& *
I 1.<i75 I--.. ■:,■!,. «; aR '" !sO
IJC Xatlon.il Kircuit .'.*.' «iit
CT<l Nntlonal IllFCuSt prefd ' " «.5"
National Lea.! iji
6^> National Lead prefd ifiii*
243 National Steel "- 4V il :
KaUonml BteH prefd ........ .'.'.'.'. iitl
2.Cn) New York Air '■.ike 147
North American ujj
Pacific Cojipl . .*. £(,u
Pacific <"onst lut pr^fd ....'.'.'. M!
Pacific <'i>(ist Id prefd CT.
C.f+S ' ■•■'•: ■ ]\][\ 4«v
&ro People's Qaa ~*lis2
ICO I'rcf.sM Steel Pur ,~ 55
: 'Z"t \l rf l?* e '* B }~ } cc * r ' Irefd .V.7.\7. sni
: 2.S I»nllrnnn Pal.ice Car \w>u.
l.:«o Standard Hope & TVln£."£KrHnH IJ*
■
U0 Kucar prefd "..'.V.V.V l'*SV
I C.nS Tennesbee Coal fell ,Jj x J
I 4:..4*> I'rlted Ptat»« Leather -..'.'.'.'." It
I 1.4?2 I'nlted Ftafs I^enther prefd ' ' ?<t«
Ui<> I'nltt^l States Mubtier . """47
rro Pnlt^l S»»t»s Kubber prefd. ."*.".".* ".""llO'i
MS Western I'nlon k;t* !
I.V-2 Keputilic Iron & -I.' 14 g
: : Republic Iron «• Steel prefd ."."" 70U
, P C C * St Louis ; ;; T2«i I
CCI.4CO Total »alef.
CLOSING BONDS.
! Di '• r»K ia 'M k • t Ms 10
*" I * «»% do 4-« .91
I do ?* coup iws, N V Or, I.m . "vkl
, dft now <, re 8....n:',B ....n:', x j c, n Ken 58 ..., M 2
I K«P n:-> N Carolina C 5.... }7
1 ' M ..... mi
«. 5°5 ° p««p n«H no Pnc ■ « .: :::35
i «jo Os res lll'ii dor, .....f,U
! J' ) ; O ! I 1 ...111 1 * 1 &«*» 102
! X go! L«Sa ii 7'» N' VC&St L 4. W«t
j Ala c '*• A JlOfc JJort & W con 4. . 9t\
I "J" » 11l : do Ben fa 13-,
i 'J n l 101 Or Np.v lota .... KS
<1o currency JQO do 4* irjvt
Atebiwia K en 4«.... «t; Or g hort 65....\j:9
I Car. Ho M* v; Headl'ir ren 4« ««♦'
: tai Ohio 4H5.. «% n o il ? fA".! s .:::: I*4
"d/l' ™- ;-"vJ«* Xt LA-i M con £ ? 103\
do S r d-J, Xt p ai ,i con , ... Ii
ifr no rn; iS« 8t - p la * Pac S? BS3
M« « « l»i» 101H 1 do *,» ]» O tz
_«i 2<• •. 3* Bo nmiwav e« ".;; 'U
|KT\» tGa l»t3.lftJ4 S nor* A t 65... S3\
wr'Tv'/V^-; I'^jTenn new set 25.... $r.
Ft V. & DC !«».. 7« |Te X A- Pac 1*t5....H2
Oen 1 -<"• C- Il> i do Mi . R|
IGIIC sA 6« IMttJ Union Pa'c"4s"!""ift4
•_do 2ds |0S IWabahh lsts ....'.!!n4<C
HAT Cen Si 11:4; do Ma .. . ; join *
<^n •■ in I Went Shore 45... '.'.'m
lown On Ist* 112 . P|i hi, l»t* *;«
IliCi' 4<J lata 7:\:Va Cent si
La new con 4» .. KM; do deferred ftv
J I- * Nash unl 45.. 3S'i Colo ft So 4s S5
I So Tac 4s S3 I
ill.vi.V'; STOCKS.
j OJir>ll*.r 50|Ontar!o x m '
I Crown Point 20Oph!r 1 is
I «^on Cal &Va 1:: Plymouth '.'.'. 30
! l? n *?'™* WQulckKllver 2 CO
gouMCt Curry .... 18, u o prefd : M
■ Ha> & Norcross.. 41 Sierra Nevada .... M
nome*take $5 <«> Standard ' 2 50
Iron Silver • » Tnlon Con .... " 34
Mexlr » r ' ••• 6!' Yellow Jacket .... is
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS
' cifiTS'- ' '-" c — 491
Il> ,» n « SHUT, .;.■■: «£
Time loans s^B wi« Cent .......... J9U I
a^T -. 'Dominion Coal .... f2
ySZ* :::::::::.%£ &s£? us
«.».
i^ 1 * A X-J ha^-^ |
licll Telephone jr C i 4 , Adventure .„;._. ,14 I
ii ° n * An «««y "W> JAllouez Mln Co 3 i
I j{V*! oa 3 , : »V«u<l...l'JS lAtlantle ....;„ 4
. Hutte & !
.■al.m:e t * He<-1a..76r.
. Franklin Su
} H ■ li ffl
Mci lent 13 ip.rrot Vi
Old Colony m; Qulncy 1"
Old Dominion « ,Eama Fe Copper # .74
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, SATCRDAT, DECEMBER 2. 1899.
nobber *'\» Tamarack 216
I r.lin Pao 51 Wlnona 7
I nion Land 3 .Wolverines 41^
Weal End prefd....Hs Utah Mining S3
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. I.— Money on call closed
Heady at 6©6 per cent; last loan. 6 per cent.
Prime mercantile paper. 6«,iif6 per cent. Ster
ling exchange, firm, with actual business In
bankers' bills at Si S6»;«M S6»i for demand and
at $4 SC*;©< Si for sixty days; posted rates.
tl '!"> and $4 87; Commercial bills. $4 SOU©
54 SOVi. Silver certificates. SR4OS9&C. liar sil
ver, 69c. Mexican dollars. 47Uc. Government
bonds, steady; State bonds. rteaJy; railroad
bonds, easier. ■
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Dec. To-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance. J2i6.:i«.459; gold reserve \
1239. 744,9 c:.
.
Shipments of Silver.
NEW TORK, Dec. The steamer Campania,
sailing for Europe to-morrow, will take out
:&3,(N» ounces of silver.
London Market.
NEW TORK, Dec. I.— Th« Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The market* here were slightly busier to-day
than they have been recently, but the tone
was Irre-ffular. Toward the end It b*>cam« ;
harder on an unconfirmed rumor that Klmber- J
ley had been relieved. 1
Consols moved up V*d. Americans opened I
hard, then waited for New York. The close |
was at about the open level, except in Erie i
first preferred and Chesapeake and Ohio, which
were strong.
The French still bought Spanish fours.
Call money was In Rood demand, and bills
were freely dealt In. The. bankem lent small
amounts nt 6 p«r cent, but did no discounting
! at that rate.
The Copper fortnightly statistics show sup
plies 130 tons.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Dec. Canadian Pacific. S7V
Union Pacific preferred. 79; Northern Pacific
preferred. 79: Atchison. 23T4; Grand Trunk, ~K;
Anaconda. 9*i.
liar Silver, quiet. 27«; d per ounce.
Money. 4Hffi ps» cent.
Bank Clearings.
NEW YORK. Dec. 1.-The following table,
compiled by Urn. Street, shows the bank clear
ings at principal cities for the week ended No
vember 30 with the percentages of Increase and
decrease as compared with the corresponding
we«-k :a«t year:
_. . Percentage.
Cities- mii ni Ivi .
i New \ork PIO.PCS.IIS .... 3 6
i Bufeton 103.517.055 .... 19 4
j Chicago 1M.530.571 .... 15. » I
j Philadelphia 76.052.110 .... s 5
St Louis ;• --| .-, .... 262
, PitUburß 23.945.7J6 13.9
1 Baltimore 17.021.137 .... ]:. 0
J San Francisco 17.2.»5.590 .. " 70
; Cincinnati 12.40,\350 .... 31 !
i Kansas City 10.7u7.W4 .... ;i\
j New Orleans 1 •.:>.'.. 01", .. 14 2
I Minneapolis i;.;> . •» .... |j
! Petroit >.<.:.< ..'■<: .... i; §
j Cleveland M62.76J 4.5
Louisville C.466,00? .... « 1
I Providence I.SSI.MI .... 3J
I Milwaukee 4.5f0.24;5 .... j'j
; St. Paul 4.487.1(1 .... 23 - '
1 Buffalo 4.427.43J .... 15 s
; Omaha 4.797.570 .... 50.4
j Iniilanapolid 4.9C2.fi(.'6 .... ' G.i
I C.ilumbus. O 4,545.1 i» .... ;'j
I Savannah 3.4*2.673 ...'. 6^6
I Denver 1. 3.3T.6.42J 7.4 . .'.
Hartford 1.!>0;>.1<»4 .... 15 §
Kichmond 2.8>)j.2«»S .... 79
, Memphis 2.!<;6.575 .... i'j
Washington 2.167,019 ...
j l'e.»rla 1.:.0<).323 .... ii' 7
Itot-henter IMJO.;;? .... 27 8
New Haven i.:-i >.»;-.j .... 4*4
Worcester 1.C53.17S .... 27 - ,>
I Atlanta L 517.681 . . 1 2
Salt !..ik- City 2."13,3«} 7 ; ;.*.
Bprtn^fteld. Mass .. 1.122.1.67 30 '4 :
Fort Worth 1.723.7>1 24.7 ...".
Portland. Me K*S.3<i3 26 •; ■
Portland, Or 1.623.573 ' 26 «
' St. Joseph 2.53i).76» t.i !
I Li*? Angeles 1. '■:>». .-.12 36. i
I Norfolk 1.1.L.T.l 14.6
j Syracuse 7*:«,53') .... 75.3
I I)e< Molnes 1.079.16 C .... 12 ;
j Nashville L 580.334) .... 3 " !
I Wilmington, Del .. r^5.353 ....
; Fall Klver 1.03LC57 .... ....
I S. r.int.in 1,331,703 .'.',]
Grand Rapids 4.67.037 ....
Aujnihta. Ga 6.'2.3(Jl .... 26.9
Lowell 341.614 25.s 1
Daytnh. O MS.S23 .... . I
Seattle 1.X.9.412 21. ....
Taeoma 940.336 ; • 2 •
I S|-)kan« 1.111. .... 3 '■'(, I
! Sioux City {.52.516 .... (6
I >.'•■« Bedford 325.852 .... 'js.i
Knoxvllle, Term .. 47M1S 34
Topeka 4.-.5.751 .... 19.4
i Birmingham 789,777 31.0
j Wichita 47S.s^i 1.9 ..;;
■ Binehompton 3<Tt.7fi<) .... 14 \
1 I/^xington. Ky .... 3^2,148 .... 145!
f Jacksonville. Fla .. 153.973 11 4
j Kalamasoo 3.13.4.") .... 7*4
1 Akrnn ' 323.7C0 20 0 '
<*hnttanooga 255.274 »i"i
H.x-kford. 11l 1.541 44 3
Canton. O 17R.R"0 ..... JO 5
Springfield, 0 244.. .*3 32!«
I Fargo. N. D 441.510 .... 24 6 ,
1 Sioux Falls. 8. 1).. 125..104 4.9
i Hi 'Inirs. Nebr .... 145.72S 4.9 !"'
I Fremont. Near .... 78.217 .... 235
1 Davenport IS2.KN4 .." wi
j Toledo ]. 70^.717 s 9
1 Galve*ton R.^f>2.sot) ..-*. 410
j Houston '.-;•.- -1 ..-.-. - •>
> Kvansvllle !'07.71l ll!jo
I Youngstown 245.3 a.*. jj' 4
I Springfield. 11l 559.030 ".■.".'. *S2
Macnn 116.'f«) .... 23 0
Helena . C"'.'.--;: .... JO *>
Little Rock 4'":;.:.:»5 ... 13'J
Saglnaw X.MI ...'. ..-*,
Totals. United
••!■•» $1,437,945,126 .... 85
Totals. outside
of New York.. »:27.037.0U .... 10.2
DOMINION OP CANADA.
Montreal 514.922.44S .... jg
Toronto "5.4, 040 .... 14
Winnipeg 3,2^.156
, Halifax 1.621.507 24.5 ""
Hamilton 7>>3. 124 10 4
St. John. N. 8.... C 72.253 .... io's
Vancouver 550.J07 30 1
Victoria 451.020 .... j^s
Totals $31,070,085 To ....
Bradstreet's Financial Review. !
NT3W TOHK. Dee. 1.-nradstreefs financial
review "-morrow will ray:
Money continues to be a pre-eminent factor
In determining the character anil tendency of
current peculation In securities at New Tork.
'Die tavoratle batik statement which appeared
lust Saturday, when the Stock Exchange had
adjourned out of respect to the memory of
the late Vice President Hobart. however, had
been expected and In part discounted l>y the
strength of prices during the final days of
last week. The fact that some money hod re
turned from the West and that the r»-e*tnr>
11-hment of a $6,000,000 nut-plus over the legal
requirement of the banks in place of the
deficit in reserves shown by the two preceding
weekly statements was not entirely due to
l>urchnws of government bondi by the treas
ury had a favorable effect on sentiment
Nevertheless, when the market reopened on
Monday It . bwam* apparent not only that
speculative Interests which had been support-
Ing prices were Inclined to realize on the de
velopment of any public demand for stocks
but that while stringency In the loan market
win Improbable there was still no likelihood
of a return to easy monetary conditions. While
money Is beginning to return to New fork
from the West the South In drawlnc conKld-r
bbw amounts and it was a!*. noted that for
eign exchanges advanced In a way which cave
rupport to the Idea that sold mlrht be shipped
to London. This tendency was checked by
the renewed and somewhat, unexpected firm
ness of call loan rates, which were only tem
porarily below 6 per cent and particularly on
Tuesday were ns high as 8 p«r cent. The turn-
Ing In of some fairly large blocks of Kovern
ment bonds at the treasury on Wednesday and
the extension of Secretary Gage's offer so that
the $7,000,000 more of bonds the treasury had
not obtained out of the $25,000,000 will be taken
prior to December 13, had. however, a coo.l
effect on the tore of the money market and
arrested any expectation that rates would . be
allowed to rea> h a higher level than Is needed
M act as a preventive of irold exports. On
I'rlil.v. when the market reopened after the
Thanksgiving holiday, with on advance in the
Bank of England rate In the meantime ex
change was firm and money was held nt 6 per
cent, a further disinclination for speculative
activity being apparent. The action of money
■wan therefore not favorable to bullish activity
but th- market found 1% simulant In another
direction. Following the sharp advance In
Baltimore and Ohio securities at the close of
last week there wa* unusual activity In New
lork Central, and more particularly the Penn
sylvania railway stocks The rise of the lat
ter to over 140 was accompanied by reports of
111 agreement between th« two eonpanlrs ju.it
, named regarding the maintenance of rates and
1 the division of territory where their competi
tion Is likely to lead to disagreements. Th»s
view of tha matter wa s naturally made th»
basis for more elaborate rumors denllng with
the possibility of closer relations between all
the trunk lines, while one nt.ry which found
Its way Into print was that the Pennsylvania
had acquired a controlling Interest In the Ual
tlmore and Ohio and that a deal had been con
summated by which the VnnderbiU party ao
gulrrd a majority of the ntocks of the U!ff
Four and the Chesapeake and Ohio roads for
the purpn-e of connoll.lntln* these latter two.
The reported acquisitions were denied with con
siderable emphasis, but not before Baltimore
and Ohio stocks, which had at first reacted.
j rn*tle new price record*, the common rising to
m% and the preferred to Sl'4.
Bradstreet's on Trade.
NEW TORK. Dec. I.— Bradstreet's to-morrow
will say: Warm weather and a holiday have
Imparted an appearance of Irregularity and
even dullness to some lines of distributive
trade, completing a month which has been on
the whole quieter than was the preceding
month, but one which still makes satisfactory
comparison with M corresponding period a year
ago. when the Weather conditions particularly
favored distribution. The price situation gen
erally is apparently one of notable strength, in
; view of the* conditions. Farm products. It la
\ true, notably wheat an.l corn, have been weak
and lower un unsatisfactory foreign demand
and a bearish influence exercised by increasing
piles of the former grain. Other cereals are
stronger, however. Provision* have been lower,
largely on Increased receipts •>: hogs, but lard
has been steady on good export demand. Wool
en go ■:* have been strong, also, despite unfa
vorable weather, Raw wool has again ad
vanced on heavy trading, and what is addi
tionally Interesting, rice* at the latest London
wool ttnlS appear to have gained to a parity
with recent advance* here.
Crop damage reports from Brazil have been
a moving feature In coffee, which started from
I a very low price level anil with large stocks
I carried over from previous years. The price
of this (.tuple advanced nearly one cent In
; November. Iron and bteel are even quieter
! than they were a week ago, and some shading
I of prices, Bora In the nature Of readjustment.
I however, than of weakness, have xiven an
I appearance of Irregularity to the market, and
the feature of the week lias been the agree
ment upon Iron ore prices, placing the price
for the cumins season, as was Intimated In
this column la«st week, at nearly double that
paid at the opening of the present year. <)th»r
metal* have been fairly steady In sympathy
with London, A marked tendency toward
higher prices for hardware is reported at a
number of. markets. Holiday business in this
line baa opened well, and the proa] set for
spring trade 1a regarded as encouraging. Coal
remains strong In price, the chief difficulty, as
heretofore. bving question* of transportalon.
The Industrial situation ha* improved. Some
further advances In wages of railway people
and of laworkers are to be noted, and some
strikes of coal miners have been settled.
Wheat. Including flour, shipments for the
week aggregate 3.639.400 bu'hels. against 3,6>3,
' 677 bushel* last week. 7.453.i..'.» bu?li?ls in the
■ponding week of ISO. C,4!19,!<C0 bushels In
IS»7. 3,433,160 bushels In l">'-6 an.l 3.1. r .fi.S2S bush
els In I *;. Since July 1 this season the ex
, ports ••! wheat aK^r^eato M,197.94( bushels,
' against 56.6C5.042 bushels (mat year and 107.935.
! C 4." bushel* In U97-9S.
Business failures In the United States, as
I usual at thl* periml. number 171 for the week.
as compared with £02 last week. 212 In this week
11 year ago. 2.'/0 In IS^7. S.» In lsS6 and 315 In
1553. Business failures In the Dominion of
Canada for the week number 25, against 30
' last week. II in this week .1 year ago, 37 In
ISS7. 47 In IS!* and I? in 1535.
Dun's Review of Trade.
NEW YORK, Dec. I.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade to-morrow will say:
Business continues wcmleriully large, pros
perous and healthy. As the detailed statement
1 of failures by branches of business cannot be !
'■ made until next week 11 Menu well to say
that In lour w»t-ks failures liuve been renorted
amounting to K »♦*,:.:«•. against SS.UO.47t In the
same wee lea of. la*t year, »1 1,610. 1*5 111 IV«7 <t"4 !
j u\r-r ?12,<x*i,G<j<i in MM an<i alsu In tv.o. Yet
I the volume of solvent mule represented by
ex.-;ian«;es at the principal dearl »m- houata bad
been for the month 2J.J per cent greater than
last ytnr and 4fr per cent greater than in IMC.
j Thus Uie ratio of tiwaults to bufiness pay
ments was t'i 57 in II"* 4 for November, l*.-:.
und $2 7i lor IMS ana $2 IS for ISJ7. but $1 2;
lor lsiS. an-1 only W) cents In IMM tor 1h99.
In many Hue* the volume of business has been
larger ihun In October, notwithstanding the
extraordinary flfKxl of business ever since the
j beginning at last March.
1 Wheat remarnj weak, yielding one cent and
I a <ni;irirr. although Weal reoetpta weie but
barely half last year's Jor the week and fur
four w.-rkH only 21.713,505 bushels, against
! Jx.tX'2.73:! last year. lie groat decrease In At
j i.ir.ti- ezpurta for the week, only 2.410.6 M,
I against b.l'si.iAX, bushels, and for four wealta
1n,i.'73,175 a>::il:i-t 17.355.Z10 last year, explains
I much weakness. Corn declined one cent with
slightly smaller exports than last year for ih«
week, but four orreka 15,205.713 bui bela, against
i 1L47»,<&8 last year.
In W'X>leiis a Btrong demand for dress goods
; and all-v.-...ii caattraerei tend* higher, but there
j is not much itinn^e In men's Wear. nor anon
a rise iih to Justliy the high prices paid for
wool. Hales continue heavy, but largely kpectl*
latlve atnl stimulated by the rise In J/ondor..
The e:.cjtement of speculation leu-is many to
overlook the fuel that purchases of goods are
to some extent, hindered by the rl^e In in.
1 already made. ,
The Iron manufacture baa to maej ■ greatly
In.rt'ase.l cost of Uiaterlul nt>xt year. Prices
for DM have been fix«-«l at $.'. u0 for Baaaatcer
ore at lower lake ports, n»;atnst 12 Z3 last year
j and i : 25 for nun-B^sse-mer. acalnsl |2 IH.Ht
I year, while c<;ke at $2 75 for furnu-.-e with high
I rail ratt-s In ev.»ry direction Indicate that Iron
will not be made next year nn chenply hi it
hos been. Prices hi pig still idvajtoa ac
conllnK to the Iron Age. U'-rnomfr to (2.". at
Plttsbarg With very small transuctlor-.i) .in. l
Ki-ey for«e to $11 25. notations at other points
I being unchanßed. Trices of some Bnlahed prj
ducts are till y|»ldin«r as works run out of
orders and compete with each other for thru
business. an<i refined ' ar ix $2 per ton lower
1 rt Philadelphia, common' $6 per ton lower at
I LehlgK an.l plntes $3 lower at Philadelphia
,-vlth further concessions In sheets lx»cause
1 many of the tin plate worka are now cloned.
j Some of the Iron works about Plttabarg are
; runntna hnlf-tlme.
The shipments of bootH and shoes In four
1 weeks have been 373.307 canes. It |ie- cent
larger than in im »n.l 33 per cent larger than
In UM 1-xco^.linu those Of other years even
mop?. But new business, althoiiKh considerable
In quantity, shows * marked decrease because
I of the prolonged rise in prices, oven ilioukli
1 tbnt rise hri= l^><>n relatively less than the ad
vance In leather, which still continues, or in
hrßtf. Which has apparently been checked
again.
Failures for the week have been 344 in the
United State* ajtalnat 2SI last year. ani* 21 It
Canada ugnlnst 19 last year.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Dec. I.— FLOUR-Reeelpts. 26.- j
HI bushels; exports, 24.835. The market was
weal: an 1 lower, but even concessions failed to
attract buyers. Minnesota patents. $3 X©4; do
bnhcra'. $2 3.'ft"3 10; winter patents. $3 55©3 SO;
winter t traltp, ?3 3T>ig3 45; winter extras, M 6.V/t
3; winter low grades. $2 2T.(62 40.
WHEAT Receipts, 255,900 bushels; exports,
91.ti3. Spot, weak: No. 3 red. 72"(,c f. o. b.
afloat; No. 1 Js'orthern Imluth. 7<i'4c f. o. b.
afloat to arrive; No. 1 hard Duluth. 77Sc f. O. b. '
I afloat to arrive; No. 2 red, 70% c elevator.
Options opened easy at '»<• decline, following
lower cables, but boob recovered, owing to a i
good foreign demand, and advanced %c. This '.
j was sim ded by a reaction, under favorable i
! Argentine crop reports and news of a big local ;
. grain. trade failure. The close was weak nt
Sa*ie low from Wednesday. January. Tl\i
■ 72c. <-i m -;i\c; March. 73\©74»ic. closed 71%e;
May. ;■!'..•,. .( ],;,., closed 73% c; December,
.Of.-IGII7I )-ico. ■■'■■'*■
HIDES— Firm.
LEATHER Firm.
WOOL— Dull.
METALS P.uslness In Metals on the local ex- |
thai hung fire all day; at the close buyer* and
«"-ll». r s alike were il!s:>owed to await further !
developments at the West and abroad before '
, making .].. '..1 moves. The light stocks of
spot Lead caused that metnl to hold a firm rela
tion to the rent o f the list; otherwise the mar
: ket was destitute of feature. At the close the
Metal Exchange called: Pig Iron warrants neg
lected and nominal
LAKE COPPER— DuII and nominal at 1173 i
TlN— Dull at J27 £0327 75.
LEAD— Spot scarce at J4 70 at $4 80; spelter.
I dull at M 4004 60. The brokers' price for Lead
Is «4 M and for Copper $17017 25.
COFFEE— closed steady. 6010 points
net lower. Local sales. 19.750 bap!«. Including:
December, IT. : -v. January. $i 90; March.
J.. f6«J6 0.1: Mny. $6 10-36 20: July. $6 IS-5R 25; Au
*-''"•'. $&25; September. SfJOCfltO; October. $6 43
«/6 41. Spot Rio. steady. Mild, steady.
Bl ii.\R- Raw and refined steady. ..
BUTTER — Receipts. 43.270 packages; firm. '
I Western creamery. ZJ'ii^c; June creamery. 223 '
; 2»c: f«rtor>-. i:.u,' a is c . -
KHGS— Receipts. 719S packages. Western un
1 graded at mark. 14^22c.
California DRIED fruits.
California Dried Fruits ruled weak an.l feat
ureless'on account of the weather anil lack of
demand.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common. «©7c;
rr i"wl' ■."••-'"■ choice. k^ysV: fancy. S\#»c.
QuVlit \ /4e<>Wo ** r pound as to alie and
APRICOTS— Royal, HPlk; Moorpartc, ISSISc.
1 EACH KS— Peeled.. VWittc. unpeeled. 7%610c.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Dec. I._CATTLE-Cholce firm;
others opened steady, closed lOS'ISc lower;
butchers' stock and canners, about steady;
stockera and feeders, quiet and easy. Good to
choice. $5 4G®7; poor to medium. fltStfftSS:
mixed stockers, $3^3 60; selected feeders. U 15^1
4 Co; Rood to choice cows, $3 60f?4 £0: heifers.
13 5033 65; canners, y 7503; bull*. 12 &OJ?4 8;
calves. «37; fed Texas beeves. *4«?S 25; grass
Texas steers. $3 Z'Q* CO; Western range beeves.
:
HOGS— Active, steady. Cc higher; good clear
ances. Mixed and butchers, $3 Ts©4; good to
choice heavy, $3 80i?3 974; rough heavy. $3 660
3 : ,li£ nt - !3! 3 75 ® 3 * 5: bulk of ■»>««. $3 8003 S7Hs.
bHEEP— Market strong and active; lambs
weak to 10c lower. Native wethers. 13 90« M 75;
lambs, IM6U: Western wethers, J484 00; West
ern lambs. fstf?s .O.
^ celpU: Cattle, «<»: Hogs, 1S.O0O; Sheep,
12, 010.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. Dec. I.— At th« cpening to-day
the wheat market derived a bit of steadiness
from the light deliveries of the contra-t ar
ticle—about 250.000 bushels, the strength of
Minneapolis and reported damages fr >m flies
In Michigan. May opened a shade over
Wednesday at 69V ( j63 t ». and Mr y touched 70c.
Business was stagnant and the mark»t turned
speedily weaJc upon the receipt of a discourag
ing Modern Miller report and the lack of cut
side demand. The flour trade was reported
anything but satisfactory, the weather good
for fall plant-i and crops and th» frost said to
have killed the Hessian fly. The slump thu«
started was boosted al.n;; as many stop orders
were touched, thus putting considerable long
wheat on the market. May nagged down t.)
■•■. closing f 4 c lower nt 6itc. Th» failure.
Of McCord & Co. In New York had little ef
fect here.
Corn was steady on alleged bullish weather
and lteht receipts, turned weak, depressed by
the heaviness of whent and to a decree by
the IfcCord failure. May closed He down.
Oats yielded with corn. Trade wu3 light and
the May range only >^c. May cloned "4" 4 • down.
Provisions were steady, supported Ly a light
supply of hogs, higher hot; prices and a good
demand. May pork closed 2'~c higher. May
lard a shade up and May ribs zH#*C higher.
The leading futures ranged as folows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 5—
December CSH 63H C4H ««4
May 69!, 70 &>!4 v6i '
•' Corn No. 2—
December 81 SI 80V4 804
January Z:'i 31 3" 1 3"'
May 32** 32* i 32»; 22";
Oat* No. 2—
Decembt-r 22H 22* i 22« i 22H
M;;y 24 24 :\ :3* 4
Mces I'crk. tier barrel—
I IV' -ember S 00 8 C-5 8 00 8 02V4
I January Hi 945 9 374 9 42M,
liny Imi 9GO 9&5 9 t7*»
I.ard. per ICO pounds—
DecerabOT IH <t7M < Stti 485
! Jnnuary 5 124 5 12', 510 6 124
May 5 32Vi 5 32>» 630 C 32},
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds—
December 4 M 4 fc.'i 4 80 4 85
January 4 H."> 4 S'74 4Vi 4 974
| May I 124 6 124 610 610
Cash (juotatlonn were an follows: Flour,
weak: No. 3 spring wheat, .-..•>.«.■. No. 2 re«l,
CTiHOCCHc; No. 2 corn. 30*ic; No. 2 oatn. 'if}
23\ic: No. 3 while. 24 :*.<•; No. I r>'< 34>jc:
No. 5 barley. 3St e43Uc; No. l flameed, :i 3?;
prim« timothy seed, 12 45: dmm pork, per bar
l rel. $7 C-ffO :.0: lard, per 100 pound*. J4 fWJj 074;
■ *h,irt ribs Pidea 4iooi>e). !t m.'v' 15; dry salte.l
i nhouldera (Nixed). t>\fls\ic; short clear sides
(boxed). y \">i'< 23: whisky, distillers finished
poods, per gallon. SI 234.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrel 8.000 13.000
Wheat, bushels 71.000 22.0*)
Com, bushels IM.W3 I73.O"»
Oats, bushels *3A.000 XA.m
Rye. bufhels 2.000 1.000
Uarley. bu..»hels 51.000 S.OOO
i On the Produce I"xrhan(?e to-day the butter
1 market v/as firm ; creamery, l'"'j>-: dairy. I I".''!I I ".''!
22c. Cheese, steady ; 11 \' t <B l24c. Eggs, steady:
! fresh. ISc.
Foreign futures.
«; ■y
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dte. Mar. May.
Opening I «'i 6 »\ : 9%
! Closing » I m 6 9H 6 9?i
TAIUS.
Wheat— Dee. Mar.-June.
Opening IS CO IS 95
Closing IS CO 18 90
Flour—
Opening 24 M 1170
j Closing 23 93 24 75
London Wool Seles,
LONDON. D*<*. The wool auction sales
were resumed to-day after a two days" recess
due to fog. The offerings numbered 13.805 bales
and were In the main pood. New clip river
Merino stock wan offered. It was better grown,
sounder and In lighter condition than ■■• years
and this, together with a fine selected lot of
Qurennlard and Port J*hll!p greasy broutjht out
the keenest all-around competition. America
Mtfared .'.Ort bale* MfrlnoH nnd crossbred* at
fancy , nee*. The attendance was large. Fol
lowing are the Halo»:
New Booth Wales. 2»M bales— Scoured. Is
lVidfiln M: greasy. Mills M.
Queensland. C4OO bales— Scoured. Is 9'4dQ2s7d;
Breasy, S'<-dli Is I .'!.
Victoria. S?oo bales— Scoured. SdffJs f^d;
greacy. S'/idQls CV,d.
Sfiuth Australia, 300 bales— Greasy. Is >?d<2
Is l«id.
West Australia. 500 bales— Scoured, Is W<i!s
ji.i.,l: greasy. M fllld.
New Zealand. 2«CO bales— Scoured, 6 1 4d31s
M: Kreany. (dolfl 11.-I.I 1 . -I.
Cape of Hood Hop* «nd Natal. 400 bales-
Scoured, is :.<i,i:> Id; greasy, lOd^ls Id.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or. Dec. I.— Exchanges, 1136.
461; balances, IS3.CSI.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON
PORTLAND. Or., Dec. I.— There was not
enough doing In wheat to make a market
price, but Ue was In the vicinity of the top
for both valley and Walln Walla. There is
■wry little selling and no rhlps In port to take
care of that which In here. Cleared: Ship
lienlrla. Quccnatown, with 113.237 bushels liar
ley, 11,92 baahda wheat. Knrt-iirn shipments
from Portland for week ending to-day were
T3l, Ct7 bushels.
WAPHINOTON.
TACOMA, Dec. I.— Wheat— Club. CO'/^c; bru^
stem, G2c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Dec. Console,- 1029 ii. Silver
2T'4(l. French Rentes. MM CT^c. Wheat car
goes off coast, quiet and steady; cargoes on
passage, nominal and unchanged; cargoes No.
1 Mandmd California, C* Id; cargoes Walla
Walla Tin 3d; English counto* markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL. Dae. I.— Wheat, dull. No, 1
Standard California. Cs Via; wheat In Paris,
quiet, flour In Paris, quiet: French country
market*, quiet: weather in England, rainy.
COTTON— Uplands. 4 U-3M.
CLOSING. .
LIVERPOOL. Dec. I.— WHEAT— Snot No. ;
red Western. -steady. r,s "Md: No. 1 Northern
spring, steady. Ds lOUd. Futures— Steady: De
cember. Ba f%A; March, T.s 9Hd: May. ."..- 9 »d.
CORN— Hpot American mixed, new. firm, 3s
4\<\; do old. firm. Ss 4%d. Futures— Steady; De
cember. Ss &d; January, 3s i'«J; February,
3s L';J.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty day*.... _ $< gj^
Sterling Exchange. stght — 4 gsi^
Sterling Cables — 4 --
New York Exchange, eight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12V»
Mexican Dollars — 4^l -
Fine Silver, per ounce — 59
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Futures dropped a cent In sym
pathy with lower quotations from the East
and abroad. Spot prices were weak, but no
lower.
The decline abroad affected Chicago, which
fell from 70c to 6ST»c. The market was dull,
and December deliveries were small. Holders
■were not pressing their rtocks on the market
but the bears did considerable hammerlnV
owing to the reported failure of a New York
firm. Argentine shipments were «;:, (00 bush
el*, and the rate of the Bank of England was
advanced from .'. to 6 per cent.
t, t «»,^«^ at ~ ShlpplnK * 97 95 % c: milling.
fl 01V«€l 03*4.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:l3,' o'clock— May— 4 Coo ctl«.
Second Session— Mayi-2000 ctls. $1 M- 2000
UCSTi:4OOO. «C 5« ;: 2C«O. $105^; 4000 llOCi
U^iTlft^. l^^ S «»'°«-May-d6.000 ct. .
Afternoon Session— May— 35.000 ctls 11 ta-
W V? W 4,SWv D^""ber-:000. »Cc: 4000.' 96« ic '
Sft'SK^SdWsa iook ror bri^ y
Th- market Is flat and lower on the spot
There Ik no demand of any consequence
Feed. SOc for No. 1 and 6jig7sc for off grades
• %
Brewing and shipping grades. 85990 c; Cheva
lier, nominal.
CALL. BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sale*.
Fecond Session— No tales.
Regular Morning December— 2COO
ctls. S4\c.
Afternoon Session— May— *X)o ctls. 80c; 2000.
79T»c. December— ««o. Me; 2WO. 7 ,c.
OATS— Trade continues dull at previous
prices.
White, $1 ii^yi 30: RM. $1 07«4tfl M: Gray. $1 07
01 17',; Black. 97%cStl 07',. -
CORN— AII kinds quote<t at II OT'.itll 15 per
ctl; small lots ion up to fi 20.
11 YE— Quoted at $I©lCs per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 90Q2 13 p«r Ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
California family extras, 13 WH3 73.
usual terms; bakers' extras. 13 40^3 SO; Oregon
and Washington. $3 4D©3 50 per bbl for extra, |
13 2.Vg3 40 for bakers' and $2 20f?3 for superfine. ',
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol- :
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham ,
Flour ii 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 '■' Rye
Meal, $2 DO; Rice Flour. 17; Commeal. $2 CO; ex
tra Cream Commeal, {3 25: Oatmeal, 1123; Oat
Groats. 14 SO; Hominy, Rlflili Buckwheat
Flour. $4&4 25: Cracked Wheat. 13 75; Farina.
$4 M; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 SO: Rolled Oats
(barrels). $>". CSfiO 45; In sacks. HfMMK; Pearl
Barley, |£, Split Teas. $4 SO; Green Teas. $6 per
100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
The Hoy market remains as before, being; '
! depressed ond weak.
FecdstufTs are easy and unchanged.
BRAN— SI 4 60516 r»r ton.
MIDDLINGS-SI7«IS M per ton.
FKEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $1« 50©17 so
per ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26827; Job
bing:. $27 sfl*jW:' Cocoa nut Cake, $201121: Corn
meal. $23 60'Q24 60: Crocked Corn. $24^25; Mixed
Fred, $16 60i*17; Cottonseed Meal. $:.■> per ton.
HAY— Wheat. $7 6W9 for common to Rood and
!!> lOi/10 for choice: Wheat and Oat. $74*5; Oat.
$708 SO; Barley. K'-fT; Alfalfa. »iuS per ton;
Compressed. JTlilo per ton.
1 STRAW— 50c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Firmness still characterizes the Bean mar
ket, though prices show no further advance.
BEANS— nay a. $3 254T2 60; small Whit*. $2 90
63; large White. $2 40@2 SO; rinks, $2 C5?2 75;
: Redd. $3 7*34; Btackeyr. MM0471; Butters. j
nominal; Lima. $190^5; Pea. $3£r3 25; Red Kid
neys, $3 SO per ctl.
SEEDS— Hrown Mustard. »©2He: Yellow Mus
tard. 401>,<-: Flax. $;j2H; Canary. 3'-o per lb
fir California and 4c f«r Eastern; Alfalfa. 70 1
Jo; Rape. S^tiSc; Hemp. 4'i/4'-ic; Timothy.
4&4V4C
DRIED PSAS— Nlles. 11353100; Green, $175
! Ql 45 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
This market continues dull and practically
unchanged. Vegetable s ( are rather weaker.
POTATOES— River Reds. &>«»&<•; Burbanks.
Sofi6sc pat ctl; Salinas Burbanks. \\'n\ 25; Ore-
Kon HurtiankH. fiScfrJl 10: Sweet Potatoes, 75'tf
Sjc for Rivers and $131 10 for Merced.
onions— 7.o*l*l | -■ . U.
VEGETABLES-Green Peas. 637 c per lb;
: String Beans, I'it'c; Cabbage, 40£S0c; Tomatoe*.
; IbQZSc: 1»» Anncles Tomato's, «1 . Eg* Plant
from Los Angeles, 8c; Dried Okra, 12Hc per
I li>: Garlic. 3(Mc; Green Peppers, 4O0<Oc;
, Dried Peppers. frfrlOe; Carrots. JixfMOc per sack:
Cucumbers, 20©40 c; Los Angeles Summer
S«iiiii;-!i. T.-'-iJi per box: Marrowfat Squash. $12 ;
©15 per ton; Mushrooms. V~ r 'i : r,c per lb.
Poultry and Game.
%
As usual on the day after Thank.tvivtnc.
there were no receipts of dressed Turkeys
j worthy of note, and the quotations below
represent old and poor left-over stock. Live j
poultry of all kinds was weak, owing to the
heavy supplies of Eastern, and some descrip
tions were lower. Game wait also weak and
! dull.
POULTRY— LIC* Turkeys. 10??12c for Gob
' blers and l'Xgllc for Hens; '■.--.'. Turkeys,
7frlli;; Geese, p»r pair, $1 7&t»2; Goslings.
51 7.Vij2: Duck*. «t '.*i for old and f&CM !<>r
young; Hens, $3 S<vy4 SO; Young Rooster*. $134 50;
Old Roosters. *♦ i< SO; Fryers. iZ'.WiH; Broilers,
$21004 (or large. $31/3 M ftir small PlKcons. $1
i per dozen for old and $1 7502 for Squabs.
i GAME— Quail. $1 ::.•/.'. Mallard. JSfc6: Can
vashitrk, |6fj7; Sprig. $2 So'ff3; Teal. $:i>2 5);
Wl.icf-on. 17: Small Duck. $1 50-31 75; Dove*.
75cffr$l per dor»-n: Hare. $1 2jyi 60; Rabbit*.
$1 7ii<2; Gray G^ese. $3ft3 W); White, $1 2i®
1 SO; Brant. $1 7;i'2 SO: Honkers. $5; English
Snipe, $:'■..■-' '■} per dozen: Jack Snipe, $1 25.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Quotations for all descriptions remained the
fame and business was dull, as usual Just after
a holiday. Butter was pretty well cleaned up.
' bat Eczs were In rather better supply and 1
. weak.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery. S9S(e; seconds,
i 221; 24a
Dairy— Fancy, rugae; good to choice, 21Q
j £2c: common. 20c.
Picklod roll. --'ie: firkin, 20©21 c; creamery
i tub. 22^ 21c.
Eastern— l7©lSc for ladle packed.
CHEESE mild new.. 12S12H*: old.
1 ll'*c: Young America. 12 1 -..'iil3c; Eastern. lSfc<U
I6r: Western. lS'i'tftJc per II
EGGS— Quoted at 23 | ii3oc for common and 42
QiZc per dozen fur ranch. Eastern — Cold stor
age. IS'jtlSc for ftrrts .ml l.'c for seconds; fresh,
I 23if2Sc per doz.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Ornnres are weak and dealers refus« no rea
sonable offer. Btoi are ample. Lemons and
i Lim.-i> nr»- unchanged. Fine Apples continue
' firm. Grapes are weak and dull, as the cold
weather Is against them. Mandarin Oranges
, from Japan ore on the market.
I>K< 111 <•! .- FRUITS—
Apples. I'.ifjf-ic p«t box for common. 7Sc£sl for
ITo<ml and $1 ""'■il 75 for choice; I^ady Apples,
Jl'j'.' r.o ncr box.
BERRlES— Strawberries. $10 per chest for
! small nnd $1 So"f>s for large berries; Raspberries
$»f<7 iH-r chest; Blackberries. $7'2S: Cape Co«l
, Cranberries. $*SS SO; Coos Bay Cranberries,
$1 Wai 73 per box.
Persimmons., l'>«j;0o per box.
Grapes, 304jC5c per box: crates, So©7sc,
Winter IVhrx. 6OCIJJI "5 per box.
Qulncfs. 4'x»«7."p per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NavaI Oranges. $2{?3 per
box: Beedllno, H B06J: Japanese Mandarins.
Jl 75Q2: Pomelor. $1 SC72 CO; lemons, $M/l lit
for common and I24TJ SO for good to choice:
Mt-xlran Limes. $3 horn 50; Bananas. Jl SOUS
per bunch, rineapples. $102 SO per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes. In racks. 4»;e for
40-Wb. <!4Q4He for 50-60's. V for «O-70'«. 3'/ac
for 7C-Ws. 3.- for SO-90's and 2>4c for SO-10Os.
Aprtcots. n '•! lie for Royals. 12>»fcl6c for Moor
parks and 1- •< Ho for lilenhelms; Peaches, 11}
6V4c for Stundards. CQ6HC for choice and 7c for
fancy: peeled Peaches. uV'ii.v. Evaporated
Apples. 7&7%p: Sun-dried, t&i^c per Ib; Nea
taMnes. S4&'9c per Ib for red; Pear*. «Hftßc f or
quarters 'and s^jioc for halve*; ltla<-k Flrs. *«
3U,-; White Kirn 4©«e: Uleached Plums. S^Sc:
Unbleached Plum*. 7fj7V.»c for pitted and IHo
for unfitted.
RAISINS— Thompson* s-Fanry. per
]b. l'ic; choice. So; standard, 8c: prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's. p«r lb. 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb, 1% choice. 74c: standard. 6^c;
prime, 6c; unbleached Sultanas. »c; Seedless,
10-lb boxes. le; 2-crown loose Muscatels, s'j.-;
3-crown. 6',«c; 4-crown. 7e; London Layers,
2-crown. $1 50 per box: 3-crovrn. $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. »2; Dehesa. j: SO: Imperial, $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
In California.
NUTS— Chestnuts, SfflZHc; Walnut*. 930Vic
for standards and 10$jl04c for softshell- Al
monds. ll'ic for paper-ehell. t%Q*i for soft
anil '■•• for hardshell; Pranuu, 5%96*4e for
Kastern and Ec for California; Brazil Nuts
7H**c: Filberts, liaise; Pecans. ISAllc;'
Cocoa nuts, Jl r."Ti Z.
HONEY— Comb. HHOIZe for bright and 10HO
lie lor llKht amber: water white extracted 7>4
(f?Sc; light amber extracted. 6**&7 c; dark, &Uc
per Ib. '
BEESWAX- UQZCc per Ib.
Provisions.
CUIIED MEATS — Bacon. 9V;e per lb for
heavy. 9}sc for light medium. JC^c for light.
l!'»c for extra light and 13c for lugar-crej-
Eaitcrn Mr-jur-curnl Hams. 12>.jc; California
Ham*, nominal Jlrrj Itref. $1; per bbl; extra
Mrs*. 113; Family. 114: extra Print* Pork. :n So;
extra clear. $17 CO; Mess. SIS W. Snioknl liccf
i;-ii<\<- pet lb
I»-»Kl>— Tierces quoted at *He p»>r lb tit
compound ariil 7c for pure; half-barrels, pur*.
7',»c: 10-lh tins. Ir: Mb tins. <■'«.-
COTTOL.ENIS— Tierces. 7\f ( ;sc per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuII« and brands sell
about lc under quotation*. Heavy salted steers.
11-.-; medium. 1O',;<"". light. 10c; Cowhides. vy r }
10«ic: Staxs. 7c; Salted Kip. Me; Calf. lOc:
Dry Hides, sound. ISc; culls and brands.
14c; Dry Kip and Veal. Me: Dry Calf. UQ
19c; Sheepskins", yearling*. 2i>f|'X'c each; «hort
Wool. &6GOc each; medium. Ti'g9o<-; ii Om:O m: Wool
Slfrl ?5 each; Horse Hides, stilt. $: SO lor Urre
and $101 .'■<> for small; Colts. 50c.
TAI.I.OW-.V). 1 rendered, tc per lb; No 2
4^c: refined. «Sic; crease. 2Hc. * '
WOOL—
Fall clip. Pan Joaquln plain*. *j?OHc: Routh-
I em. k '(/! ■■. Middle County. lOflll'^c; Humli..|,Jt
and Mendoclno. l. r .©lfi<*: Eastern Oregon, llfiiac-
Valley Oregon. I.'.J»ISc: Nortliern Mountain'
free, II© I3c; Northern Mountain, defective li)Vi
lie per 11. ' V
HOI'S— per lb.
General Merchandise.
Calcutta Grain nags. 7©7Uc; Wool
Bass. 2SG3Oc: Fruit Bags. Co. SVic and «\c for
the three grades of white and TVjc for bleached
Jute.
COAL— Seattle 'ha« •dvanc«d 11, Well-
Ington, $3 per ton: New Well ngt^fi. «
Southfield Wellington, $7 W; Seat «••»'•
Bryant. $«: Coo. Bay. $5: Wallsend. $3: Sc,°. teh -
: Cumberland, $3 73 in bulk and $11 23 In
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite *■**■ 'P'J-'J}'
nel. $3 50 per ton; Rook Springs ami tasti*
Gate. $11 25; Coke. $13 per ton in bulk and I"
in sjacte mlxe.l. J3 «»3S 90: O>»na No. I.
n* mlxe,!. |3 <w>tP 90: Ch»na N|>. j.
$4r^f<l7s; extra do. $4 *>t?3 10: Hawaiian.
$4 S74f|i: Japan. $4 sCfi.">; Louisiana. **tl«-
SUUAR— The Western Sugar lUrtnln* Com
pany quofs. terms net rn«h. In l'»-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. S^c: I ow
ileretl. B»ic; Candy Granulated. sc; Dry Granu
lated. « 7 «c: Confectioners' A. 4v»c; California A.
— ; Magnolia A. 4>,c; Extra C. 4Hc; Goldeo
C. 4'ic: barrels. l-i«c more: ha.lf-barrel*. Uo
more, boxes. 'jc more: M-lb bags. *»c more.
No order taken for less than 73 barrels or its
equivalent. Dominoes, half-barrels. -He; boxes.
B!»s per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
The ar» free arrivals of heavy H cs. bat
■moll are very scarce and firm. Prices for all
descriptions remain unchanged.
BEEF— 7&7V*c p«r lb for iiteer« and C5iU7»
for Cows.
VEAL- j-r ] 0 .
MUTTON-Wethers. 7c; ewes. «V4c per lb.
LAMB-fRSHc per lb. —~
PORK— Live Hogs. sS*T*.sic for small. BSO
l\? for medium and ';:-'»'- for large; stock
Hogs and feeders. S'. 3 c; dressed Hogs. 78S^c
Receipts of Produce.
Flour, qr sks 52.9.V. Purk wheat, sk«... 4*
Wheat, ctls 1-.: ■• a if . ifa sc»d. sks.. li
Barley, ctls 64,vil WfK.l. bags 21.'
Oats, ctls 1:. '.>■;.. »-:i-..-r. fiaslcs 2v.">
Corn. Kant. Ctls... I.JiO leather, rolls K>
<:orn. ctls 37i Wine, .-tK'r.j €{.»-<
Cheese, ills ISO Lime, bbls 130
Butter, «-t!s lit Sugar, bbls :>'■
Tallow, ctls 21.*' Sugar. ,K.i Z.l'»
!i>rans. eks Uil Raisin*, boxes 1.73%
Rye. s!is CO.l.'sgs, dozen 127>
Potatoes, sks *. 1 ■.-;.- 1 •.-.•. tons 43
Onions, sks l.&SlIlay. tons 932
Bran. >-k^ 1.170 Pelts, bdls .... |17
Middlings, sks.... 720 Hides. No 27.
c^rsks ' «. sks 13
Wheat, ctls
tl« ki .... l.Ti»
Potato**, ska : I iwfeasf, aka... *i
Family Retail Market.
Putter and Cheese stand about the nnv» v
last week, but V.r.t;* are slightly cheaper.
Heattl* Coal has udvanceil 11.
Meats ore about the same as previously quot
ed. Poultry and Game are In Utter supply anl
rather cheaper.
There Is nothing new In Fruits and Vege
tables except that L • Ar.R<->i la i«n^ f up
tome good fresh Peas and Beans.
Ccal, Der ton—
Cannel $ Oil 60 Castle Gat*.. — M
Welllnston . «lo im Southfleld
New Welllnc- Wellington tp '■)
ton «10 00 Coca Hay..... — «IN
Seattle 9 ©0-8
Dairy Produce. etc.—
Butter, fancy, per {Common Erss 23313
f<iuar» 50fi Itanrh Eggs, per
Do. per roll — <ifV> dozen 4t#«
I Do. good —©40 Honey Comb, per
Cheese. Cal — «>ls pound irau
Cheeze. Eastern. .lmJ2J bo, extracted....— -Oil)
Ch'f.->-. Swisa :'.'u.o
Meats, ter lb—
Uncon i:t?l7;PcrV. fresh IBOW
Uerf. choice lv a Jt)jPork. salt l."aiJ
Do. Kood 10'trl5porlc Chop* li<|li
Cnrned Reef — t/13i Hound Steak 1 » 1 1-
Hani, Pal IMI— Pirloln Steak 15«—
Do, Eastern. ..nv^^—portHrhouxe. do...P)^n
I-ard lZtnS|fmelMd Ueef ....U'uli
Mutton K'ttlijPorlt Sausages.. lZ^ttn
' Lamb U'ulSlVeal .-MOM
Poultry and Game —
'liens, each UijJC Quail. doi»n..!3 M
Vounc; Iloosters, Mallard, i.i.ri; iOO—
each WOC" Canvaaback. i>*»lr
i Ol<l roosters. M.UOOWI 11 j/wi
I Fryer*, each — «i)iSprl(r. pair — <T}7s
Hrollers. ench £''<*), I>al. |*r pair ftMrTl
I Turkeys, per 1b...12fi:0 WLlgcon. pair l«Mi—
Ixickii, each :• •«"■.-;: ..i Uuck. p«r
Ceese. each..Jl 2Mil M| pair '. 43'2M
Pireons. pair ....4i>Ti'><> UiM Ovesa p.',.
Itahbtts. pair Wi:M pair TSo«JI
! Hare, each — "t^irriclljh Snip*. /It n <\,
Doves. t*r dot Sl£S>Jack Snipe. ...Jl t>jj; oo
Fruits and Nuts—
Almonds, lb U3Mj!JmM. p-r d05....1»iQi3
Apples *•* « I'ears. per lb_... Jtt 4
Ilananas. dozen... lO-ilj Halslns. lb _ jSw
Cranberrfs. tjt...l"'fi IJlKazpbrrrlea. per
Crapes, per 1b.... W«I0l drawer .JMJM
Huckleberries, lb.. — f.'l') Strawberries. :«r
Oranges. d0Ma...'.13035| drawer 2lff.*7
Lemons, doz 2&U23J Walnuts, lb.^ — 4ILJ
Vegetables—
Artlchukes, doz...C«t?~ Onlonj. lb Ml
£*'•■• dl>l .... i2 V l3;okra. dry. per lb.— »3
I **♦■•;»• white, lb.. & »- 1 Peppers, jrrtsen. l«>Hi;iO
Colored, lb *v 6'Potatoe*. lb _„. ji | ;
Lima, lb — 1» S[Sweet Potatoes... 3 1* 4
Cabbnue. each ... 6'j/10lPar«nlps. do* ....liii—
Caulinowers. each tWlOjlladishes. da bchaijijl3
Celery, bur.eh ... Bf;— jSaire. doa bnch»..::.av.
Cucumbers, doz. .Ml/:; strln« Ceans. lb UMIt
Cress. do« bnchiW/l"..Sumni»r Squaaa
r.ztf Plant, 1b... lWi;,j per i D " c « 1()
(Jreen Peas, lb....l')'irl2 l Thyme. lb ' '.jStS
L*ntl!s. li. *x* » Turnip*, doi 1C»1>
; Lettuce, doi liO— 'Tomatoe». lb tn S
Fl.h . V
Ttarracuda — fr— «hrirrp« ; — «io
<arp —^wphad ~013
Cudrtsh — tylj>£ea nai5...... — <*—
Flounders M I Smelts —<>ti\
Halibut _rt_!so!e« I" IJiUli
Herrlnß 10912. Skates, each tOOU
Xii trti-n — «!J Clams, Kal ... M<i|—
Mackerel — «— Do hanlshell.lOO *V§W
Do. Horse — <O— Crabs, each .M«U
Perch — ff— T>o softshell.doi ZYUii
Prmpano — \t— Muxsels. (jut 10-tlll
nockttsh 15f7— i Oysters. Cal. ICO..4O<^V)
Salmon, fresh MS Do Eastern. &Z.XH M
tialmon. smoked.. -tj.-ol BW
-^
THE STOCK MARKET.
Local «ecurttle« were quiet yeatcnlar. though
ther* were Increased sales In th» afternoon.
Alaska PackeTs' was weaker at HUG! 12!,£.
Hawaiian Commercial declined to $32 and CUai
Powder to $32 50.
Th» Paclflo IJ*htln«; Company will pay m
dividend of 35 cents per share on the 6th
The Mutual Electric Company will pay a
dividend of 8 cents r*r share on th« Uh.
The Oceanic bteainshlp Company paid •
dividend >■! 50 cents yesterday.
The 0n..:- Sugar Company will pay a dirt
dend of S3 cents |>er share tin the ••;■.
The San Francisco <;aa and niectrlc Company
paid a dividend of 42 cents yesterday.
TheP.iclflc Gas Improvement Ompony win
pay a dividend of 40 cenu per share on th«
11th.
The Giant Con. Powder Company will pay
a dividend of 50 emu per share, oa the 11th!/
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAT. Dec. l-l p. a
Dld.A.k. u^i Ask.
IT 8 Bonds- Enult a r. Co. iv « '
4a quar coup.. — — Mutual El Co. — 13 ti
4* quar res v .. — — '■•;1. .t 11. .. 4K«3
4s quar new... — — Pac CJas Imp.. — 67
3s quar coup...lCSH — Par Light Co. ttU —
Miscellaneous— BFOI K. IS'I '«.
£ a A"«. ral> . Cs l,T*= Han Francisco." 34-
C C Wat 03....iw> — Stockton Oas.. U —
1.1 L & P «a.IW — Insuranre—
V & Cl IJy 1- ;: • — Flrem's Fund :~*ti —
Geary-st It r.j. — »« l!ank Ktock»— " "
II «.' .v S 5!^s.lll) — Ar.nlo-Cal C _
L A l:> ■ • « — 106 iJariic of CaJ...400 4CS
L A LCo 55.. » - <\il SI) Ac T.. MV, 17
Do .Kit 65.. 99 — First Natlonh.ro ZA
l»o untd 55.. — IC2 1 I. on Pft A....1»U1.m;
I. A.v P R Ss.lOi - Merchnts' Ex. - 11 '
Mnrk«»t-st C5...1»t% _ Ne V Nal r.k...1» -
Do Ist M 59.117 US I Savtncs UankV
NCNI! 1C 75.112 — iC.cr Slt L.. 1740 _
Nlt of Cnl Cs.ll* — Hum 8 h L.. 1050 ltga
NII of Cal :.«.ii3' 2 ii4>- Say m wU 2
NPC H H <5.1 .-.•v, — a F t»av U 800 —
?; PGR It 6.0. 1Ct — Pay k L So. — go
N Cal It It .-.-HI - Sec Say lv _.5
001. &II Ss. — 103 Union T Co!"l4«o lua
Oak Tran e«..li:»i - Htroet lUUro«ils
"•■ VV Co t-..1n« _ ralifrrnla ....^lu us
Ocean 8 S 55. 103 — «;»ary . m
Om «: Ry 0...i.«i;i3 I Market-it ..'.'.' Ci —
P&CI Ry 65.. K8 100 Oak SL i H _ M
Ik & O i:y 6--.115 - PrnMlo ."...! _ S
Powrll-st R 69 — 122 I'nwder
h F & s . tm"m "
bi- Sc hj\ Ss.iij^ _ r.iant <rcn Co. 9:«: sr;
SPof A 65.. ..113 113« i f-tisar-
Sr C 65(1305). — in jfana P 0>.... Ml —
S I" C «s(l-jm:).nt — Haw <; &3 Co SIS J2'4
g»' C 6«(»12).llSi4 - Honokaa S Co. I 3' 4 34>*
S PBr U fc ?
SV\\ ta I;3 H — Klliuea H Co.. — 27',
5Yr Wat 83 --»H l i — AJakanell SCo - 4ZK
S \ \\at 45....103 ir4 linum'a » Co. 34 -
b \ :silol: 5il0l Paauhau S Co. 311 i 22U
bckton (Jas fc«. — — I atxcriUneous—
Water Stocks— j Al Park A^aJlTHm
Contra Co»ta.. 7CT, 77 ;m.t Xx A»»n.. — im
Marln County.. .V — fhreanic « Co.. — .-,
Bprln.: Valley.. X — Pu A F A.... IS —
tJn» «n.l Klectric— Pac C Dor C0.H2i,110
Cent C, c»... _ _ i- er Paint Co..' i^ -
Cent L & P... - « I
Momtne Session.
I -
SO Alnska Packers* Ann ...IWW
3i) Contra Costa Water 77 fit
M Hawaiian Coml & Sugar ; 92 J.»
l r t) Markrt Street Itallwjy t2 12' i
JTCfO Oakland Transit C> (s 112 ro
2i) Pacific Ccast liorax. s 10 Hi ro
170 uiliau » P Co r* Co
$10C0 BK4SJV n..n.t9 ltf j;^
Bcartl
19 Alaska Packers; Awn IWM
M Alaska Packers Afsn ....117 25 '*^.
t0 Al.)«'.,r. I'ackers' Asm "ll" i-m*
10 Alaska Packer*' Assn* *"J • 5*
110 Contra Costa Water " — Ai
Olant Powder Con LX.i
23 Giant Powder Con MM
Continued on Pago Thirteen.NEWS
OF THE
BAY CITIES
SAYS MR. MILLS
MERELY TOOK
OFF HIS MASK
■ — ' — - .
Oakland's Religious
Controversy.
— ♦ —
DR. DILLE QUOTES BUCKLEY
■
HE DECLARES TEAT MIIIS IS NO :
FIGHTE3.
States the Ne^r Tcrk Eiitcr His B^e^
Prrs^irg ths 2»=ted Uiitarias
UiT-^s izz 2liz 7
Years.
B. F :LLS.
Oakland O£« Saa Francisco Call.
SOS Eraa.iwiy. D«c L
™ - " "*~v«rri7 ov»r tie ciarc^d
chazs* of :r?r.: « ti- port of Rev. B.
:.' - .2 bis toetxlaai t«n*U and tie
- • -.i! ccn=u=-. frca ti- Christian XI-
U :f N*» T:rk.. tscetier with tie
assw<?r 9C Mr. Mills m tats attack, as
■ "*'i □ d&J ~ : rr~Ln.c/ • Call. fumi?he>l
:iei topic •:; conversation aacn*
>akland churcix~-r«. Ti* fact that the
.ma: orthodox pu;-r of New York should
•.-.•* mat:*r up la recorded aj si«
r.ioar.t. and tz« comroversy appears to
t« tar rt&cfcfsc- It r-irj £rca Oakland zz
>•» Tork.
: - P.*v. Dr. E. R. DO. palter cr tie First
I. E. Ckirch, v&a ias tiiea a deciicdl7
a-■•:•»■«a -■•:•»■« ;*~ Is tie great controversy, asd
■ m Krsoa AdSrcred a c:oatlx aj?3 ts
*i:ch h« »«»-«rely crlticaed tie coted
ITaiXJkttaß ttvtaa cre^.:«'i z.o tr.'.Ui «ecaa
dPO at Cba Use. 14 »t:ll a«alti=< aa as
•» -r rr;= R^v. ilr. MUla. I=r«re=.tia::y
b« t-ec-arta trat P-ev. ilr. iiills is so
run- -
'I ficat wxat a=y furti»r ccstrsverjy.**
•aid Dr. Dtlle to-<iaj. **la my t^nson a
aazii a*^ I c«rtaiz.y itateti cy cai<e la
r«»rard to Mr. iL.l:*' ctin«e of fraac I:
vocM b« Ljyrracio-s £or oe sow to C">
ov« tie wioie suS'ect ajrois. particularly
as Mr. *r;"« tas c:t M«a at to ai^swer
ay stateaest wh-rtta I ca?« ey new
cS tic ca*e- I iav« ti>ti_=« Csxucr Ca
state.
•*Ho*«t«, tie editorial La the Ctnatiai
AiTc-a:* coz.c*rzrr.z Mr. ililL* was not
frtsi*d la Till in Tie CalL Frca tie «x
c»rpta it wsilii ajp«ior tiat Dr. Buckley.
editor ct tie Acrocate. eaJe ciAr?*s
arai=at Mr. Mdls Bt*tß< lua rea
scss. Ta« «dirorlai, by ta* way. was
headed, •McreiT Toe* 02 ti* Mask.' aad
a ftatcd at ti« very o«ts-t tiat Mr.
Mills *acc«ptrd l»a^^r»ilp in revival eJ
fort« under tc« a.upiees of evangelical
efcarcb<?s. recei-vtat; Croa ta^a larye coa
;»naatioc^. sacsttssatcd RlTts. cot a dot
o: el wiici i^ eesld ia.v« r»c«fi»ed If b«
iad sot concealed— as i« new coci<»3s«?«
tiAfi* dM— t^s disbrUef ia ac*t of ti*
doctrJ:e» «f w-iica tia pre^^ce aad lead
erailp tapUcd acceptaac*. 3«Tea years
a*; 3.' coEtirued Dr. Buckley'* editarial,
•ie i*M evar«*iicai a<^«t:ass ia Oakland,
aad ie cow boldly «ay» tiat wia< tier*
ie tv ccaceal:rg ils .ijtyeU«r ia eteraai
posiMhataX. ti* ato=«=«nt aad ti« la
•piratica ot ti« Scrtptsrcs. He sajr» r fc «t
£»f)«'t« waj 25 .year* old ie r»pu<i;ated
ti« ex?.atory atsceaect. Before te w»*
30 i<? iad ciazftd iis opinions abcut sal
" vases, asd tad c«a»«d » b«i:«T« ia iai
vatioa- cily fey Cirtst.*
-la tlro»«* words." continued Dr. DiH«.
**Pr. Bscciey car* in reason for *x
tres«iajr tis cptnloa ct Mr. Mills. Dr.
Buckley .has &e*a follovlrs; Mr. Mill* for
jear» aad has be*a exz«s9ln< hia VSThea
i« went to B.sstaa Dr. Buckley went
after ft,:-rv aad it U really now acre of
' a e»:r:trr>v«*r3y b<twe*a Dr. Buckley aad
M* \TI'-« T^*^ Mi Mr. Mills and
-.j-eif
••l wodd not car* to aake a further
' • tatesaest. It wodd b* luapinx lato the
ccntrov*r«y araia and would look as
ti oaca £ were d^tensirifrl to ncit. Tqu
«in M I tav« stated sty position and Ant
sot answered. IS acm won't -fit. why.
what ar* yots c=fci* 'to do?
"I .wooid ceTer have preacie»i tiat »*r
• aoa had that lone interne w frca Mr.
>filts n*»er acr^ared 9t> s»>oa after hi*
*<ST»a* ta Oaitlind. That tntcrvUw «v
really nicstlT taJtea frcm a little book
E» pdUsted a year ajo on Twentieth
Century Re 1 Ulan.' only with local adep
tltm and coloring added ia its careful
preparation."
■••Rev. Mr. Mi::*, or th« ether hand, »
;«»^«f far further aorea. When se«a
t -;.»: .-- *tated he xi m desire to say
a^TTiinc further.
' "T.hav* . great cafit to preach," said
(»( >> jii&sp
Mr. Mills, "asd I have so dl3sosltioa cr
rise to -■■-_- ■-_-- tn ccztroversy with, those
who do not cr cam«c apjreciate cy de
s:r« and «"ort.
*'I have a creat positive measa^'? ar..i
ira delivertnx tt to th* p«cpl*. When I
(ret a greater one I win tell it. I have
eever trte-1 to tnai* rcoty to Dr. Dllle.
[ txileve Dr. DUle asd Dr. Buckley ar
fione^t ta their convictions and b<ll<iS3.
tad If they feel about se as they express
let th*ss f> ahead. If they wart con
troversy, ail rtlttt: I want somethins
Oetter. If they think I am Immoral ani
hay* no Intellect let them think so. I
have no further wr.tnver«7 to oScr."
THEY KEPT THEIR
MARRIAGE A SECRET
ALAMEDA. D*c. L — AltßOßgb tie
frer.ds cf Atwel VTetb were iwar« that
h* **cur*d a rsarrtase Brtnw durinj tie
latter part of list week. ti-»r little sus
pect*^ that ie tas t««= i benedict for
nearly i v««k.. He icaj n^imed to M!sa
J«si« Hnzt Ixst S^ndiy evening. Tb<
weddirr to«;k pla.ce xt th* residence oi
tie bride's parents. lfls Laiayette srr**c
Th« br.de is tie div?!::« at Captain
Frederick Kuzt. tie weH-lcnoarn nsiater
partner. Mr. 'W'^tS Is a. popular rn-mt^r
.-; it* -Kla=-?da Boat:-* Club, and Ls one
crew fcicwn v the "Spider?." So well
lii the 7='-^* <rc-pl* asd their parent*
teep tietr secret that not even their most
urinate friends became aware cf the
fact of thetr mnmage cstil to-«iay. Mr.
isd Mrs. Wetb hay« taken -p their resi
iesce la. Oaklasd.
CASTRO'S TROOPS ARE
PURSUING THE REBELS
General Ttfurtr. th« Oorern- \
•mmeftt Chief. Reported Hilled
During 1 a Banning Fight.
NZTV YORK. D«c. L— A Sun special j
from Caracas. Venezuela, says: Drzrtoc I
a naatsc fiiht between th* G^rvernment ;
tro«-)pa and the rebels Geseral Ya^cara- '
cutto, the Government chief, was killed. I
Th« forcttJi of General Castro are pur
•■::r.z the rebels. Fresh, supplies cf arc*
aad ammcnltlcn are beins; sent to Va
lencia, v* La Goayra.
Tne Vesexsela Commission to lay out
tae Colomblaa-Venesuelaa frontier will
start promptly to comply with the Spas- I
iii dedilcn ajr.'.nist Vescsstll.
THE SAN" FRANCISCO CALL. SATI/KDAV. DECEMBER 2. 1899.
OAKLAND'S YELLOW THANKSGIVING DAY.
ii 4.-. ; * •- =.'. - Francises Call.
*'* Broadway. D«c. 1.
OXKLXSD had a very yellow
TharisriTtni? yesterday, and
th« artjzt yellow hue haj not
entirely warn onT to-day. Of
course there waj the great football
pans*, and that went for the blue and
yeilcw, and Oakland cLaima the blue
and yellow for her very own jT»t
now. And so the cotle^tate portion of
Oakland had a little blue asd yellc*
celebration after that jreat score cf
» ta
Then there wu the rr*at race of
Yeilowrail against Southern Girl at
the Oakland racetrack, which resulted
la a victory for YeliowtalL Oakland
had a er?at Interest In that raos, for
Teilowraii is owned In Oakland. Cap
tain Ned Hackett holdinj the title ta
the rr«at horse, and Oakland wast
out to the track to a man yesterday
and backed TeDowtail with their z~:od
yeUow jo Id. and those v-ry Oakland
ers came back with their pockets lis-d
with more *cod yelltw grid, and so
there was a still =cr<s yellow hue
added to the complexion cf Oakland
last nLsht.
Tnere have even teen some whispers
REV. JEE GAM RAISED
FIVE THOUSAND DOLLARS
Successful Eastern Trip cf the Oak
;i: Ccsxt Interpreter— Efforts
fcr the Chin.esa ilLssion-
OAKLA.VD. Dee- L— J-?e Gaa. the oS
cial* tnt^rrret^r of the OakUnd Police
Court anl s. reic-ilar'.y crdalntd ainiJtcr,
of rh- -rrspe: cf tfc* Ccn?r«»<?atloii: te-
re«rr*<J to-dar :rc= an
Ea*:em crip, ca xtich he nlsM CW tor
sxn Frar.c:*co Chl=«<i BtXsataL There
[i i 3 tdvjfrt^ness cf J11.S:O en ttb ir>
sic.i a=J Jr« Gio boi b^e= tr>-*.=jp to ?ay
ttls cTL j«* Gia *a-s ei^cted a despite
to the at.3 lal nieetir? cf tta Ar=er:c-.in
llls?icnarr Sflctety. wi'.ci n:*t ir El=?
iaintss. N- T. Latar he attended the
r.-.:trra.:ior.al Cor?refar;ocal Council It
Boston ar:-i thea ih# Assertcaa BoaM of
Foreirs JLsaUrr-j at PrortdettC*. a. 1., to
tfl oi which h- was an accredited d*i-
" Xii asln rbject was th- ratsi-x at
=c=»T for his mission and he cci; In
3iany prcrrUcent churches with that os
j^c-_ H« ipoke frcna the pulpit of the
Site Henry Warti S*t»cher vi raised **>
there. He sw'« la nest _o'; the btx
churches in the East and raiJ^d COcO. cJ
which |2C«> came fros hj own race.
:f?:cial visits
Graz.d o Seers cf " "- - Foresters of
America Who Are to Inspect
tie Subordinate : -■.:-
The cfsc-rs cf the Grand Court cf the
Foresters ol America are preparing Cor
cficial vl3its for tie term. Grard Re
crnllssf S^T^tary F- — B<*va.a cf llary*
rilie wCI vlait as taßanriiz Court R*l BIuS
it R*i Bluff. December o: Cct^t Prid* of
r.-» » * Vi"*t ofTlrasa Decesiaer
REV. E. R. DILLE.
13; Court Forbes of ForN?s:oira. D*
«nb«r 13: Court Auburn at Auburn. Jan
uary 3: Court G*a of Tuba at Siaart.*
■s-U>, January 1. and Court Star of Wood- '
land at Wooilami, January ZL
Grand s«slor WotwSwari Jjfca H*«s&s. ct Saa
Frxacisco wtll natt: Court Cnir«*i State* or
Arseriea at Oajtloml. Dtnattar M. Court, Y.x?:z
ax Tlturt:n. I>censber 13.
GrajKi Jsalor TVc<ii»ar<l Dr. W. x. VTtlir.n
r.t Sxa. Pttiro will zzaj£* riaitt la f :Ilc"ri; Court J
Frwncct. i<ra Ar.flga. D*cec^i?r il; Court t<}« i
A2*«l»*». ta tte city of that mb», D«!c»ab*T |
2: Ctaurt Geraana, Lea Aajelea. E'«crasb«r 3;
Court -~.tr.-A Asa a: Sxst* Asa. D«<:«ci!:er 3; <
Court OUt<». L<:« As»«tca. J-ussary S; Cnort i
rpi-.-<:« Lc» A=ic«l<a. January J^ Court Sua- '
»«t. L«t» Asjf^i**. Jinnarr IS; Csurt Cofusibus.
L<-« .U»r»I«». January 3; Court Diuite Al>s
hirr. at L«» Aajp*le». Feiscaary <: Court Sierra. •
«.t Santa IU.-fcu.-a. Fcbrsary H; Court Outl« !
Rnrit at Saata Barbara. Fe&rsarjr 14: Ccurt Sia J
Plif*»> at £aa Dteg-3, February H: Cocrt SUv-r '
Gat« at Saa CH«« j. Fifcrsary 3; Court CUraa !
at RlYwsMe. Jlarca t: Ccurt N^ptsa* at sanra. :
Monica. Marca XI; Cccrt Litwtrcy at Saa B*r
aanlinf> itircß IX
Gna< S*sior r-a.i> Cnarlea Kick of tea
J<s«e win rtatt Cocr: Saata Cms. r>ce=jt^r a-
Court Ca3tT3Ttl>. ■" -i- M: Court St Lucia
at galfr-Ji. Ja=cary-Xlr Court M!«o«ati> ax
L«jis2uc. Jaaaary 13; Court ScWa,!. J»sa*ry i
H; Court Bu«Ba Vista at Ska Jo««. Jaau^ry .
a, mi Ccurt £aa Lccoa. January 5.
-'■*'' *- — * ■ fc^" I *^*" —^^— • ' ■■ ' ■■■':-.--. -i—-f iT
of yeUow journalism- but that has
never worr.ed Oakland to any extent.
and the yellow Thanlc^-slng- was con
fined principally to the rreat football
victory for ths blue and yellow and
the jreat Yeliowtsil race and Its har
vest of yellow ?aid that i: brought to
Oakland
The Yellowtiil race was of nearly
as much Bttcrcst en this sidu cf the
bay as the football, for the tl? tad
rone forth In Oakland that Yellow
tall mmm ?otn^ to win. It waj Oakland
against the outsii* world, and Oak
lan.i stood ready to back Ils favorite
with all of ta fortunes. Peorie went
to the Oakland racetrack yesterday
who had never be-r. there before, for
Captain Ned Hackett is Jcno-sm
throughout Oakland and lives tn the
Jackson-street <IL;trict. and that made
Yellowtaii a very fashionable, horse
fr.deed. So It was that wiiile Oakland
Tl3 at the football match to a woman
the town was at th« racetrack 1 1 a
Everything went fir the yellow
yesterday, and the Oaklanders cam
back from the track with lots of rood.
yellow San Francisco jol<i. At odds
cf » to 5 the Oak! Anders brocxht home
URGES ONE LAST
SUPREME EFFORT
FOR THE MONEY
Mrs. Gieason Writes
to the Ladies.
Q ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ ■» » ♦♦ ♦ •♦-♦-♦ c
: " : : gleaso.n'S L£nE= :
Mrs. R. P. Gleaaon. ..... of
the Ebell Soci«:7. write* a tet
ter to the Ladies urgizs ca the
work at collection:
Th* wark that tfcU society Cos
undertaken, namely, to raise J20 r 
•)0) fcr a library size for tb« Car
c*ste Lihrarr. ar«i by <iairs -o
«aye cne cf Oakland's le-w sn:a:i
paries. Is well en i:s wit towani
completion, but th«re ta still JSOCO
to b« rais^.l ami the option on ta-j
lat wfcicii w* have vi:; at the
corner ci Fourteestii a^<l Gr:.e
streets expir-es Dec«=iti*'r 14. Ther*
are csary p<?cple Ir Oakland who
are Interestetik is our work an *
willirx to Rxbaexf&c to t: wco are
only waitiE? t3 te aak*d- Will cjt
ea^h one d you make it year c*
p«ciiJ care to Csd such people and
ask tficia.t* sza cs cs:tus tass. *»•>
pren* «JT:r: asd do tt as soos as
possible? There is at the rscms an
alphabetical list far refcrctxee ci
all who have already subacribtd.
Ev»ry cne Is re<iu«ted to da.cc
return? en Friday. December li at
1) o'ciock. and report the part of
the city they have already cai-
VI- Jr-I. «
9 ♦♦«»»♦ ♦♦♦♦■♦»»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦■»♦♦■»#
Oakland OtSce San Fran.ci3co Call.
303 Broadway. Dec. L
The rooms cf the Ebell Society wer«
crowded with little people this iJarnocc
to enjoy an entertainment y.vea by the
puntls of Mrs. Can-.* Fross snyder. The
affair «ii a compliment to the boys and
arirla who have come forward with, their
contributions to the library site fund.
The programme opened with a recita
tion. "Seeia' Things." by Miss Pauline
Smith, Master Kenneth Hob^rt followed
with a humorous rleire, "The Thankful
Mouse." A Tocal duet by Masters Har
old and Frank Baxter was greatly en
joyed, and there was a clever little read
tny by Miss Genevieve Maoionaid. Other
cumbers were by Miss Etha. Musser.
Miss Olive Cutter. Master Lawrence Mar
shall. Miss Gladys Courtian and Miss
Edna Scyder. A Tccal solo by Master
Harold Baxter wu encored.
As a finale to the pleasant afternoon a
little play entitled "'The Ma^tc S-word*
wu presented. Lack d scenery and foot
lights did not daunt the players, who
were cast as follows: Rosaline, a dolL
Miss Juila M-fiLif: Junpin^ Jack. Master
H-nry Brandt; Fairy Prince. Master Tom
Godbeer: Dolls. Misaed Eva Yoaktea and
Marcel^L Spenjer. •"• •
The fund for th» library site^ ctimbe<l
to Jl*^o« to-day and thinzs look bnsht
for th» JIS.'IO) na.rl£ that has to-morrow
evenirs is the time limit. To-morro'ar
will J>i aa Interesting day. therefor?, stnce
the ladles of the Ebeli Society .tn>t ail
their ayEpathix^rs will watch every In
ccmin*- contribution, eagerly. Of rlie
larger" contributions to-day Taft i Ptr.
noyer led the list with a check for fluO.
A pleasant tetter from W. F. Kell-y of
the Oakland Transit Company was ac
companied by a Tnarkygrtving oSerinj? of
C 5 Another p:ea«ant letter and C-rame
from Rev. Dwi^ht E. Potter cf the Union
Street Presbytertaui Church. A fraternal
o»d«r fell Into line with IZ2. This waj
Oakland Tent No. 17. Knfzhu of the Mac
cabees, and it 3 best wishes were sent
w'th the contrtbutlca by Rccor-i Keeper
J " L. Fine. And W. F. Eoardmaa. the
w'^ll-tarown civil engineer, sent 13 ;a i
*. rrcraber of the r*sid*r:t3 of Piedmont
have each contributed to th* fund, so that
combined the snras oncost to JTj. Th**<
cort-ibutcrs are Mrs. J- B. Richardson,
- Mrs. My?att. Mrs. Frank
Howe Mr. Barracloush. Mr«. G«ar?»
«'*-iinsr Mr. Reekie*. Chris Jessen. Mrs.
Wins- Mrs. Laab. Mrs. House *a«i Cap
tain Lawrence. -A-. -
Miss Maria Babaoa. vm has been a
fjithful. painstaking and untiring treaa
u-er Cor S fund. Li to be asalateil ber<
after by Miss Jennie Hc2 or *■*..-. L»ia
dro TbLi s because of Mas Baboon a
iadispoaitloa the past few days. She ex
pect/to be back at her station again next
W To-<lay'* cajih receipts were: Mia3 S. W.
Hortan $10: Mrs. J A. i ticsti a *tt;
"a^rs of Bay School, 5- 30r W. J. Kel-
I^y £5: Mr». G*or?e A. Carter. J3: F. H.
Carpenter. SI: Fret! J. Kenslaoa. C: Mr».
j M- Drtscoll. CO: Dr. Wiicox. C; Mrs.
M. JI: M. Dtn**n, Eafl: Mm*. L*?febvr«
Hopper. J3: Mrs. L. GhirardelU. $5: Dr.
H. E. Muell*r. C 3; Mrs. M. W. Backua.
C; Al BurgeUn, C: Dr. W\ ¥L ilaisca. C:
G. L. EHb«itT. Jl: ML*» M. MuHer. XI: Taft
& .-ioy«r. SW: Mr* W. M. Weilj. c.
Mrs. Bovt»!l. $3: Dr. Susan J. Fentoo. t_.
Mrs. F. H. B*rn*». »1 Lj.rai»nce Real
Estate CoßMay. d: CoOias Bros.. c SO:
lira. F. W. Morse. 6; Ro<ialph Quald. 11:
reany thousands cf dollars of octJide
money. and Yeilowtail la now Leld to
be wcni the very Larye sura of
J5.1X0.
While the TeHoxtail excitement L»
on. In Oailiii the story of how the
famous borse nearly parsed Isto the
fcaruij d Richard Craker, tia ?rea:
ctiei of Tisnaay Hill. New York.
and of ko-w D«wejr urwtttia^iy pre
veate-i the transfer L§ teiny told.
When Plunder Howard and iia cart
r.er. Forcer, had thetr trouble over
Yeilonrtail the HackettJ cf Oakland
supported Foster financially, and so
Yenowtall raised tats tfcelr ccntroL
■Wttl* in New Yori Croker saw Yel
lowtall and became Interested, and of
fered J2.CW Ear the horse. He set a
day far the payment of the money.
tie day before Admiral Dewey raj to
arrive en the O-ymsta. B^t Dewey
arrived one day ahead - ? time and
that spoiled the sale of Yeiiowtail. far
CroJc-ir sent word that h« would have
to postpone the purchase of the horse
as he wu oce of the Dewey reception
committee, and before he could com
plete the purchase he changed hij
mind and th- sale fell through. Since
then, however. Yeilcwtall haj won
many a race and the horse ti reckentd
aj havtng- danbled Is valne.
G. H. Racfcslder. CO: James »V. wtdb. '
1 11: Health .*:•? $- Mrs. Z. T. GOptn,
110: Uacc&bees. Oakland Ten:. rj
The following- pledrea have cot been l
collected; An Eteell member CO- Oak- !
land Hizh School. CO 30; Canillc^l & La- !
goria. c;<): G*orre Babcock. C: lira. AI- i
1 len Babccck. C. lira. C. W. Xir^er. J3"
j Dr. Cramrorsi. C; H. L. Re*?.
CO: a trtnO. C; Dr. H. E. Web- j
.•»t«r, n. The children's list to-^iay !
B as follows: Grar-llr; Calkira. Jl: JeT^r- ,
son G. Moffltt, Jl: Wilder and Dorathr i
Taylcr. II: Florence Gcddari, 30 cen^j-
P^ten Sharon. 3 cents: Ruth sh.ircn i 3 ■
c*r.:s; Esther Sharon. 5 wnt^: BotfOC*
Sharer.. 3 «=-j: Eva GhlrardeHL 50
c^r.ts; Joanita GhiranleU!. SO ccsta; Rnth i
Ellia. 23 cen^s; Florence Burrell. 3 centJ: i
Graham Hilyj.rd Barber. Piio Roblea. 3 !
cents; EUa Jean Barber. Paao RobJes ZS
cents: Edith H!!l. 5> cents: Ada Lay- i
tnanee. JI: Blanche Layaance. II: Grace
La>-r:anc»». tl: Hazel Laycanc-. C: Ho- i
1 m.?r H. Mitchell. C: Arthur P«rcv 30 1
cents; Ernest Percy. 25 eentj; Edith iiar
jori« Airce*. j») cents: Phyllis ILinuel. 5)
e^nzs: Dalliba Thoninsca. 25 cents: HaroM
Hcbart. S cents: Laurence Hobort. S
cents: Kirneth H^&art. 23 cenu: Gla-lyj
Courtian. 2 cents; Gen-vteve ilacdcc
.aM. 3 c^nt^
Has a Sciciial X:-.-
-M-s B.
-
-
::::■:= :it3
The Eagles Take Action Air.-V B -
B«atiag of Jin;s OBr>-.
■
-
■ -
- • <
-
-• - - • ■ :
-rs.
SCOTCE2LEX XASI 3CZBHY
S:. Andrew's Day Fittingly B«nen
bered by Bis Loyal Sens.
St. Andrew' 3 Society *aeM Its thirty
seventh a^r::.il ci?l«ibratrca la the. maple
room of the Palace Hotel last ni^ht. Th»
festivities took the form of a banquet!
which was fallowed by a dance. Both
the dance and the banquet were sucesj
ful in ec-cry particular, and It was far
into the morning before the last ?uest
w«ary with rayecy and feasting, took bis
departure for home.
There had beer. *>* lnri:atlo-s Lut:e<i far
the dinner, and when the appointed hour
arrived not a seat at the Ion? array of
tables remained unoccupied. Amid the
Cowers and <ems with which the board
was decorated 3hore the sray dresses of
women, and the shaded lights had their
soft teams reflected and intensiz'ed. by the
jewels that shone on the white necks cf
the daughters of the heather who- had
gathered to do honor by their presence
to the patrcn saint of their fatherland.
As scon as the dinner had progressed to
th*. proper stare Toastmaster "" Balnavea
arose and. st^nalinz for the barplpes to
cease their wild music, called toe toa.«ta
and sonys from different rentlemea pres
ent, each cf whom arose and said some
thing appropriate, to the subject that had
be^n. allotted him.
The programme wax as follows:
. *T£i» QMtn." maiic "Oxl SaT* the Queen.**
orrlKfftr* iaii cotapaay: *'TSe PreatArat o£ th«
L'e2t«i! Stages."* sale ' Columbia, eke Gesi cf
tls* Oc*.in." r?h.-«tr» »r..J •■•iiroa_ "St. Aa
<lr«W» Da7.~ .■§;■• "la th« Cart) of OM
G*bl»" orcfiestrx: respecse. W. Clayton
j! AN HONEST DRUGGIST
♦ WILL ALWAYS GIVE YOU
V . J ■.- »^* ■
♦ 1 if you Ask for the Best Natural Laxative Water.
< > Others will give rm a cheap substitute on which they
♦ make a few cento more profit.
♦
:: For Constipation or Stomach Disorders
♦ . ...
X Hunyadi Janot Has No Equal.
. JB2J}7>ill7
SHE CHARGES
A SON-IN-LAW
WITH PERJURY
Serious Sequel of a
Recent Elopement.
Oak! I taco Call.
>i 8 Brcadway. Dec. I.
-- - threatened sequ^f o f tie sensa
tional elcpement of Matthew Cu3hea. *ec
cnd engineer aboard the transport Sher
mr;. and Mis* Mid Garcia, about tea
weeks ay 3. has developed in Ju3tice
Quinn's court. Bad the yaun* greets, who
so cleverly SOtwtttad his rival La w\r.r.:~s
the heart and hand of tie pretty little
brae* wili ta-nornw appear before
Justice Quinn to answer to a charge of
perjury, preferred by his Irate mcther
in-taw.
Mrs. Garcia apparently objects seri
ously to recognising Engineer Cujh-eo. *a
her --LS.-IAW. asd has refus*»i to be
stow her tsatercal blessin? cp«:a th-s
ypxszg ccuyle. Cruel toegOiCi have yt!3
3ipetl that IXra. Garcia vaj ence tn ls»e
with the yooas — n'""» heraeli: tha; she
looied hopefully to a realization o£ cajt
i=S- him her dau?tt*r"s sre^Jather. to
teaiiinj. en the oth-r haad. that her
pretty llaui should beccnae the bride cJ
a ycunj? weli-to-«io Alamcda&J who had
been lavishing attentlcra upon the daugh
ter. However, li sues wxs Mrs. Guot'i
happy dream, it waj all dlap*Llid oc aep
texnber W last.
On the art^mcon cJ th» latter date MLsa
Maud Garcia l*rt her home a: 3i Lafar
ette street, £an Francisco, ostensibly to
rtail the Lxr?3 stores tn the metropolis
en the clijlon ci selecting the furniture
a.zd household gocls to idom the litfrtor
of & easy little cottage which her er«t
while suiter fcr her hand had built In the
Endral City. But not so; Instead, the
coquettish r.-.:*.* met Matthew Ccshen at
an appointed time and place. To hin she
promptly cenfesied that her mother had
premised her as a brt-1? to the Alame
dan r and that the wedding w.^cld be cele
brated a iaw dars later. Ims^eiJ with
the spirit cf a cavalier and a toldler
Cushen at ence proposed ti hla sweet
heart, as a means to frustrate tha Aia
medan's matrimonial scheme, that she
be his bride. He was accepted. ar.d ta
?ether the couple hurri-d across the bay
ar.d securing a marn-ixe license Icat lit
tle time tn beiry unit-d; and all before
the fctri's mc:h»r ccuid tnt-arpose objec
tiens. *
Mrs. Garria. however, threarened ven
geance, and she has fcrpt her premise. A
few days ax*s she called at the District
Attcrcey's cSce. and en the srrer^th of
her statement that Cushen. had sworn
falsely as to the ays of her daughter
wh<m he applied for the marriay* license
before D-puty .County Clerk J. B~ Dean,
a complaint was fasusii fa wsicb tht
ar^rry moth^r-tn-taw charjea Ciahen
with periury. Mr*. Garcia, who Is well
known to th* authorities in San Fran
cisco, claims that her dac^hter was net
cf le^al az» when the lic-ns- wa* taken
ont. and that Cushen made oath she was
13 years cf 1??.
The chaxrin*d <• oom wi« arraigned be
fore Justice Q-inn to-day, and 03 the ad
vice of the District Attorney he was
promptly r-»l»ased en his own r»coc
nixance. His examination is «et Ijt ts
mcrrow morr.inc a; l> o"c>;ck.
Obtained 2£arriaff» Licenses.
OAHLAND. D*c. L— County C!er'«
Jorfan to-lay Issiz-ni carrtaz» licenses *o
Daniel FL Sylvester. a?ed ~ years, resid
ing at Geyservtlle. and Anni« K. Kln^
don. 2S years, of Berk-l-*?: also to Jases
A. Kane. 3S years. Elnihcrst, and . .*~
Dusxaa. 23 years. OakTand.
T'.-itr^r.::. H. 3 M. Ccaanl G«s«r»J: ♦?=*.
"Sect* Wsa Ha*." Rntur. EUIr; * Ta» :_».-:
0" CaiiJ." = -'. : "Tie >. i., :~-- o" A3SJ
Sotjtlaad." crciifstr* : recces*. JcCa D Mj-
OU-rriT; sen*. "Sectlasii T«V R.:fc*rt 5.
C'Uaraa: *Th« Las.l We LJ»» !=."' -. .• •
"Arsertea." cr-hrt«cra art! ecc^ar: r*»j«-na*.
Fnrilia K. L*r*: tear. -Scar Spans'.*! Eis
ner." J. C. Eu?S«i: "Tfc* Laasl«V rsusts
•Gre«E. Oro» ti« Rojh*» 0." crct»stra- rr
r«aj«. FrasJUia H. D*7: «en«. "Cm Brts*
t**.il* « PtSt o' Wi;»" i">r;rx* - g r -T pr--i-
E*r; "Ocr Siatsr S*v-teti*»." — . i.«. • '•^"•r-
P. Lawti-jr: "Th« Pr»!r»." niuatc "AsJ
A** T* Sure tsi» N>-»r* U Tri«?" oKhestrx; r«-
At it*, eondraioacf tiedia.-erev;ry on^
adjournetl tv the &in«. wi<re a rtzi:
royal time waj tad wl^i reels act! h.jr::
pj?«s. that were tetp*J a!cc? by tie nu
sic cf ti« ptp«s ptay<»d tr a real H'^-ti
ta=ii piper, aspar-ie-i la aU th« bravery ci
pLaid z=j& tartan.
JOHN J. REED DIES
AFTER A LONG ILLNESS
Was a Prosiinen: Citizen of Mir-
and the Second Oldest Native
Son In the State.
REEDS STATION*. D««. L-Jota J.
FU<»i. the caa aJ:er vhaa t?;;-f pUc*
waa nanietl and the second oldest catirV
soa fn th* S:ate r di«d tvday c: paeu"
monia. He leaves an estate rrr-z-hiT
valae.l at CSQAOk which win &« dinded
araons hla wife and t»i> children. R«w.»
was bora at the Presidio on July li, 1337.
and was the son or the man who first
tad charge of the Hission San RaTaeL
His father acquired the two thousand
acres of land which were bequeathed to
tl3 son by a Mexican yrant.
A f-w days ar^r> R**d had C!:y Attor
ney Boyd of San Rafaer draw u^ a d^eii
of ?lft conreytn* U2i acr»s. valued a:
SXSOdaOt, to his wtie Carluta and hi.*" soo.
ilr?. Reed tj a member of the o!4 Val*-
cta fanilly,. which has played s<> protrin.i-t
a part In the history of the Star*.
la addition to twin? a member of Marntt
Tainalpai* Parlor. Native Sons of th
♦>}U!*n West. Reed was also a Mason and
an O«id Fellow. His r-nsains hay* b»»en
taicen chartr» of by Undertaker Edea cf
San Rafael and the 1.---.. will .•:••..-
Monday.
Stephen Rlchar.ison. who Urn hi San
Rafael, is the oldest native son In Cali
fornia and *ras a '-■•■- companion of
Reed. Richardson's wtfe. the daughter
cf Ynast-> Martinez, who was p«>st cod
cian.ler at the Presidio In I>±. was a
playmate of Reed's wtfe ta their child
hocd day^.
12. nine ca.«s cut ai tea tire r^*- »i,j
todolres tn champa-- at clyht bis to
ta!erate a real p«ln it* next ■wculiig.
ba> tints j I
SCHAFFER SENDS
CIRCULARS TO
EBELL LADIES
Writes About the Li
brary Site.
AROUSES THE LADIES' IRE
SATS THAT THZ ULDI2S ZO
NOT CONTRIBUTE.
Xrs. P.. ? Gl-«3cii Mikca Reply *sd
S*y» Th*: His Aaserticzj
An rax 7r : -
Tree.
COUNCILMAN LOUS SCHAFFEP.
Oakland OSc» Fan Fn.zdxo •: i.:.
3d BnaJ-aray. D«ec L
7h«r* was grr*at a~fivxzL>a fes tin -i- * .
of the ETt3«II Society t>-da.y whe tTsry
em of tbe +» erasers of that society r<
ci»f\r»«l a circular letter frcta Councilman
Lculs Schaffer of the Sixth Ward. Thii
letter attacks the actles of th« tidies !a
tiytsx ta raU» O/'u for a Ufcrary *it«
for th.« Caraesie gift library, ard cos*
tatrs tcTZ-s aS*xs!ocj Ca *h* anaast auh
scrt'ced by the Fad:** tS»s*»lT*s.
Th« Eetfcr that hx* caos«fl *> ezch ex
citenient i=c:: the ladies reads:
LOCX3 soii-vrr^p. c.v tile: srrs.
Cucjm: lisas Is Net ta FaT"rr cf Pr:si:»««i Srsp.
Ii »«-si» m b<? & Cscvdrava ceaetsttca wits
tcrr.» p«»:5l« ti.it IT ti« Lgt;e» cf 15* E5»2 So
ciety r»:*» d. x« f:r a ju« at F-;crta*st3 aa<t
ilr.M t2i» Ccuacil wiU acefft ts* ij« iit
-an** ti* Cars*«» LJtr»r7 ti ft* «r*«*4 es tt.
C*a ti* Craactl <tß*n.»st:»-c*l7 £> that? Bat*
tisy «tuii>«l t£* a-!-i3J-ix»* <• : : »i • 4-.-.H -»
cf t2ia wti:l* &att»r? T» ccastKt wits* :*-»
»upcr«:t:oa is ta*: ti* tad:** «* ta* Ebc!l So.
rtcty a..-* * ssti ca :=u prapeatOss. I* ti»?
trtM? IT »c to».lJ tt t^tl 05 Ti**l*7 U*S
' nly «i«^t7-«lx e:**!a=M» *Sii £ix*«r start
, sarrg* wert CFcc»:tt M t«3ts isl -onrier. mn>
:j-i»* w»r« 11. Tiinw CSirt7-#*»es p«»r*:s*
eoakS not tet<:e« to ti» Eie:r» «fl!. C*i±srt
1 tic«« tilryr-»«T«3 cases frets ti* «^i:;-rt
' as! t^>?r» rtrr.ii frt forty-eia* eases, wftica
; utasi cp-catt* t&c II rr.ir'M. See* cC
i liic^e 4a sot fc«Joey t-> tS« *'«. tc? aUowL-!*
> tia: ti-y all 4oy t> wtu crt <ri:c* cak» ea#
;:x^.:S at til tim e*art«r» »to BaurtallT ass
pert t pr^Xrs or th» cnccwKl «tt«. So. ta
•fi*A at ti« Oju3cU earrrls* cat Uu «U^e* *t
it* si«:: • k'-ii. ti»7 <i> •*» 3.-J.1. 3« :? a M4U
C«roeat*r» of tiat tars* I l -..«4-.k:B
Is L 2« *«cca>i plac«. c£» U&r&rr c*T«r cci^:
ta t* plAceil ca a <?iarti!r ci a tlocfc.
f-ortS<r. tiat <taarwr bceda! is ti* wont ta ti»
else* Uti ts cS*?«!i c: ti« crtj jsr r::tiiiT
the C*r2»»t* Liirary »i-ati s«t»t b« tdlt ujei
it. r?r r»o*:s tixc ti* s"r-:r»»t;ti-»tr!-t
rrcst. ta f»-t. s«v*r r»tj ti« r» tcly «arlj
th* Ecrsis*.
I: Js -Jl* MS* *• •- "-•- "-.-« 1 •1- ii
tis« K^S ScisccL I: is so ecu tia: ti* t**ir=*r«
*:t ta *.ii» rcossa witi ti«^ ccau ca *stl tg'.l
ci#tr ;u;tZj v <ia ti* nz« v »»«»5 inra ui
12* «niil_ U»; if ti* f!-rr* t3« rTT-n.i w»-+w »-+ 7 1
t« a*atwt.
Tie a!T»ata*« wta ti« E*a Sciwl ts taa;
tt bas tmr fraa. »=»1 thr*s ef c£*s* ik ti*
tea w6»mj ti* USnry «it» Bas cci 7 cs* fr>?cs
»i«r» ti* «ua will itia* c?«ia tt. *i:i ii«: .»
ti* Ori»*Hitr*«t frrs:. r» -«C MUt la t&*r>
1m tot fit I r a yaMle IMmry.
It ■» cn.Ue>x aa eitocatiwai tsagtatiTa. VTty
t. fc .»a .i:it ti* UA;** cot islUiw tin exaarai* «f
•--' Boat* cf E43.—iti:a* Ts>»7 laT»r-»3ir
tnc*ii Ices wtta a scuti*rs frrcti*-. Ti* !«•
<t^a ***n ta t« T*rr atwch t ' - \ 1 tftac •_:» Cy*
fcr wiici ti*. let Is ":■-=:-: ••»: «ia£a* mmi t» ■»
---'--* t* r/i««j.
TTwr* B*ed en* 6* tii* I*aat ■■-.-.-1 --
tir:B sj7 pas* fc«fcr» ti«r w:li fk aactlt*? «*-a
off*r. . U-n* >» i&t l««m jC =r:;*rtT t*ti
12» i- -.-«.--
Loc« ■■■ . \'--. ytxiT*r.a aa<l OO ea Elr^'S
Jtr»-t ar» *el^3< *t r-» i*? frsat fjct. cr r_S.l
C^r S-t^ct Int. tn f«n i#«p. a; S ra*^ j*^
fj^t.^-t Uoij »:t« wTxiiJ «i:y :- Wsrta
ttii<J. Tacr« lots fr^cs ca ti* pr«tt:»st car* ta
ti* city— Oai-«tr<t»t pUaa. It U c«rt*raiy »
■an iMHHi MM •-•- » »--v3 «a.l
GNn aarl tt2.sm .*m m prlc* 9ar thm mm*
amiruat nZ trzasd.
Farti<?r. as t* way ta* C!ty dcaeu «a=ct as
e«?t ti>* fJr3v»-*tr»iet ttt*. SaTccaia* ti* 0 »_*?
at IS* Tftirt«=ti-«tr«f tiJ* c/ t»* :. ■ c
•-..•--: tc t.i in aiT»ata*f v '•--.»•
or tirs« »tcry toiU^xc «a en pr:p«rtx fcr *
irrr.rFTf. ...t-— or .-•'_•- «ace. «SC. T&U
1 •* rtiM taJcr away ta* *ua tr-.at ti* *iiiti «•»!»
af ti* BSnry. Wl^ ti* Csttartaa Ciarca r»
th« v -,:. ta* llxat sa! na wtu b* w*u *&us
oct ta ti>:a« liirttrttitG*. Ties* ars -:i----«
wsica ti* Ui.« tr- a. 1 CJ.-J* tticn ta:» esc
«i-!»rxt;on t^for* ti*y --■.-: ti* pr:p*rty. aaii
•aici «t«t ts»l:*!-iua: eu»axfc*r •( :tt» City
Cotsril -.♦••'•- - -.- casts its »at*
en tii» *«ry tai;ortaat «r*»*tica. W* a-» ts*
•-sea waa is i*nl rrj3*;c**.!:L» to li* fKfeUc
T3O sues tis* aas b*-*a teat fey U*rts!ac 1* t
t^ta* to cl«aa» tf!S^r»'st p«rt^». M:r» tia.-»
t^'j ssnr.tia aii? ti* =sajrr-.t7 -;i tils CaCTir-J
»a« rwa-t? to put ti*. CtfMHi Lisnry ca. Lts.
cot* Par*.
A es=:t*T of »»=t>=*3 «t*cc*i t» a=d un:
es t? '2«lay acUca aac! a.«ur?-I ss ti*t ti*7
»-ti!il fc* ab£* w toy a tlo»-» of laad.
Tbrs ti* Library Trust/*** i— - ta t^* £;;-;
, i- ! 1 -■ r 1 •■: n .-» tan fees act l*ast. ti*
"■--.: ii -.i » :.- -1 taeir tta<!» ■» : j ti*, re
sult 1: - • 1-1 • :-■»• ■r ■ ■ -•;
As ti* f-f i- —a; -.:t cf ti* p*cet* c? Oak
taart urnt tt. ti»^» i« ccjy ca* sate rf&aiaia*
t.i •.;..<• - a»! tiat t» v ,-.-•.. Car
— - - LJtnry «n l- - -it.' wita Bl*a;y
of air. Uxat and «_-..--- »3J a -+\. .- ; 1- <.
•rruai! tt. ■«• a ti:ti3a.ai: f-wt fraciii^ ca
fjcr str~?ts. Ta>^i *t»tt Ookliad*r w.3
proud. as«t ti* LJ!?Tary Trances. CSt7 C^^kU
' 1.-: -.--' r". ■•■. .j ::-■■» -•-'.?:.
My 1 -.-• 1. to tit* lad:-» ts t-i »aT* ti.* d<>iJ
i wiici t*rr ta.»« partly aa hmn« aa4 >i iwni :.
! a=.S ti«y «UJ cct Sar* any tr-wil* tj nltm ti»
■ S2>.*»t, far 1 kra-sr a oosiScr ct p*rct». Ui-. ny
' »*l*. wto weald crt kit* n cssts rir ti* cr*»»-
; iit». bat itaat* rrartr tt ct-»» "•» far ti* mil _■>
' «f fcaytaj twrita *.-.■• isrzisiisf ti* c«» bMB.
t isf. - ' • •
Tiis Is all teaertaat. fir w^irr t>* BaUcCaj
. ♦ co»3{«t#«f ft r.-;«- t* f.— :._«•- i «».-* ti^
..--•-. I -: »-• . :• <•
Whoa tils Is *■# ti* Library Ti liar •**
--- ■■-•-: City Cjuact: «a* ta* m- rf
Caitla.ii! «3 tan tW «r«at«ac iililniw ti*
etry has *tct sc*a. aad ti* e4C t rr»a's r>ns.
wciea ** now r»a«i a^sat. ttl ti*-« >» %.tsrs*-l
wtta ti* ■■■<i b*Mtxit fey ti* faJMrrtpnca* ■:!
■«- .-— cue*. a. : saT« r —""*-■ • -*:•'- a
rr>at *•*! cf ticcxat. asy eisetss.'n v t.> acs
f^r t!:e wtal* --.; • «atj O«xia»r» wvfor*.
Very faßpaCtfiHV. U SCH«FyEH.
Cnqa*t?-Bta <»Tt6 Wt.-t
I This l«t«r was ortekk) :r.:iv^ »•
a comrss^leation hi tfc* Oakland TrJic-*.
and — ladies flatly r»fi«*d to take »i 7
notice cf \t. Xr. Scha?»r brrsfc* this «i-
I*ne« by havtrr «-* l«t:*r prtnt^J ta cir
cular fjna asd rcsdfcx It to every cwsa
... ot -- tociety.
Et*2 cr.d«r ttis schsaltrs I: was horl
far •-, ladies M --->* ifer.^h 'a- I ---
aery«. Mr- B- P. Glewos. Tf i priaHiai
'--•-". So<!ary. r*f3j#d tz diaenst
the raitter oatll th«»« l«:t«rs ears*
around to-day, .- . ta>ci{^t ah* cocj«s:>
ed to «ay:
•^V> deplore any costraTfrsy at th'a
tlse. for It might tajvr* oar emaw. W«
-, - ■;-•--» 4— thts mm* far»th* --- :
cf the towTi. witlx posalily a flttl* p.* :»
in the Idea tha: «ros«?s ahcurd do ».-. —
tM=x cf i practical ■•>« for •*■- ■ *"-
We. of course. b^iieTe that f^x class ar»
mcd or v* woe'd cot b< trying; to fore*
the S3 to a scewssfsl cc=ctcs:on.
~Tte enly tain? that I win «ay li that
Mr Scha*T«r*s i^.re=est ahest th? Ei«U
Hi::; t5 fltvr.
1112
MMM FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Franeisoo
Call, corner of Market Mai Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every r.'.rht Is the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— I 27 Montgomery street,
r. ::.. i Clay; open until I 80 p. m.
TW Hayes rtreet; cjxsn until 1:10 p. m.
t3 McAllister rtreet; oprn until »M p. ta.
<:' Larkln street; open until t >0 p. m.
:.-f. Mission street; i;*n until 10 p. m.
::• ; ■ rkrt street, ocmer Sixteenth; oren
etui) * p. m.
I* Eleventh street; open until • p. m.
Kitf. Valencia Ktreet; oj*n Until I p. O.
irrx Polk street; op«-n until 9 p. m.
Northwert corner of Tw«nty-eeoonS and Ken-
tortqr streets; cp»-n tintll S p. tn.
MEETINU NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. kIITA. M^ |»~"
will m«t THJS (SATURDAY* EVEN-^JV
in*;, '-.-.::.!.: :, m :.:«> o'clock. M. XX
M. deerx"*-. By order of the H. P. /Vi
KRAVKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
MIPFIos LMge"No lfi».>. and A. M.— |T~
CaJhi meeting THIS (SATURDAY).. J4_
} VI MM! UI T M o'clock. Third <1-- XX
BT*e. C. D. BUNKER. Secretary- *» '
FAN FTt.ncip.oo Fire Department— The «/£sfc2V
rrrtilar runcral detail of the depart- .&£*&&
tr.»nt will a*w>mble at IS Ensln*. VJ.vV
THIS I>AY. at S o'clock a. m., for the purpose
i r ait- n>l'.ng the funeral of the late ■ HOE
PHERRETT, late RiftnU-r of thU department, i
in D. T. SULLIVAN.
»'hicf rf Department. j
•"Hi:N(~]l Mutual Benevolent Society (French
«!"Hi.ta.l) -Th«- m«-rr.r-ers of the society are
ln-relij notifle.l that a special generaJ meet-
ing will take place NEXT PUNDAY. Decem-
ber I. lv!>!*. at 1:3" o'clock p. m.. ■■' Native
Sods' }':.... 4J4 *' ■ : St.
n. yAi;itr>tUE. the Secretary.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. KING. Blxth floor. Chron-
lel« bulldlnK: no advance charges; all caaes;
eciates. mortgages, damaprs. cnllectlona,
lankruptry. wills, etc., drawn; moderate tt-en;
cm!l nr »71te.
AU^'U'E free: divorce law a specialty : private;
no fee without • ;.«■>.-: rcillectluna. G. W.
*IOWF.. atty ut la». s."» MiirVrt. cor. ftocktn.
T. H. MERZBACH. atlorney-ai-law.^iaa re-
lurr.ed practice at DC3 Cal. St.. Clunle b;dg.
SCOAB F. FLO<>D. $U Market St.. say, Mason;
roo*B*taUaa ftva; moderate fees.
L X n^UK. Knjma Bprcckria building. ?27
Market; cfir.*ultatii>n free; n>> ft-e* In advance.
ADVICE tr**l tin cV.arre unless succe*Bful. W.
V,- r>AVir'«=PV. «r V^rk«-t st.. ott Ma»mn.
DICYCLE REPAIRINO.
THOS. H. B. VARNEY, Market and Tenth.
RAMBLER AND IDEAL BirTCLES.
REPAIRINO A BPECIALTT.
HOARD AND ROOMS.
j:i>T>V. ltS-Un)Ted^Stat#«e Hotel; rooms $1 M
we. » xiii. with board $5 M; suite for two with
board. Sl2; t- ■;•. r.l. $4 week; mraJs, Xlc; ele-
vator runs all night.
NEW family hotel; f.irt-cla-.s In all appoint-
n-.enta; excellent table. «07 California at., oo-
cux ylng corner oppoelte ilrace Church.
A— "WALDORF." »f» Powell— Front mite* and
•ingle r«onm. with or without board.
~BELGRAVIA HOTEL." Polk and Clay-Sun-
ny suites; best board: for 2. $45 up: elntc*. $20.
LAS PALMAS. IK9 Market-Suite of 1 or I
rms.: private; bath: fin. rms : b>iard optional.
LONOWORTH. T2I Geary-Large suites. bathT
fcr 3 or * gentlemen: excelle.it table board.
O'FARRELL. 742— Laree runny front rooms;
r ' home cocking: also single rooms; $20 up.
6PEOAL offer to teachers; new and select. 907
<~i>:'?rrnla st.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
LAI'Y with nlr* h'-rne wants child to care for: I
every nutrition «l\en. Including music; good
MRH. E. T.. Mill Valley. Marin Co.
WIDOW, ha* k nlra home, wir.ts a small child
In b^aH: gi.oi* hntne: best care. 3CT Fell «t.
BOOKS — SEW AND OLD.
FCHOOIT BOOKS bought and exchanged^
H'iTr," n.w k <"<v. "rt Mission »t.. near Third.
HOOTS AMI SHOES.
CHILI >KEN'S laoe shoe*. Tic. We. II; echool
«h"«*. Tic: ladles' rlu«a, tl; b.jys' shoes. »ic;
tnen's ►:•«•►. tl 2f.; men's embroidered slip-
pera. Ke. People's She* Store. 13C3 Stockton.
BOOTS and shoes made to order from Ist-dasi
material, t( tn $S; repalrtng cheap. H. 'Air
MNES. 441 Bu»h »t.. formerly with McNulty. |
11l s|M>s CHANCES.
»Toft-FTATI( >NERY. echool eupplies, notiwiisl
eftuM.hhed 20 years; Western AdJltion; n»ar
4 erhiw.!s; r««c-«'!pts $iOO a month; full value In i
JrtMk. STENBERG «X».. I6V, Kenn.r «t.
A-r..'.": RESTAURANT:* the fin7*t possible;
beft :•.»>.-», north of Market; meats 20c; aa<
::.'.-:.■: f,* y»ars- rplendld chance for man
ar.d »lf>. STENBERq PP.. 26* Kearny st.
A-tr7S; f!Al>"x»N; i blocks ot Market; S newly
furnished n>oms: handsome bar and back bar;
Vklue in tight: owner sick; must sell. STEN-
I<ri'.(J <"0., IC-, Keurny *t. I
A-s3io; RESTAURANT tn mining town of 4XiO
-.-;.. i 1i 1 •...-.:-. dally rec-HMi }. *: rent $3i; a
barghln. R O. WILKE> >0« Market st.
X— »4000: CORNER grocen' and bar; choicest
location: rent 140; doing a large store and her !
trwle; stock all frenh; a rare opportunity. i
_Call R^G. WILKE. »06 Market «t_
A-» 1300; RESTAURANT •■ Market and i
MuP r >n Us ; doing a ruching business; place
elegantly fitted vp; wnrth double the money
a#ke,l. Tall R. Q. WILKE. *06 Market st.
ALFA CO wi'.l exchange, buy or sell your
busings* or property cjulck. 525 Market tt.
lUOO-PARTNER wanted as cashier to tend to
c-.Kwr stand: t^<n cash, balance on long time-
_ car _at ALFA CO.. JSS Market st.
JIM-PARTNER by lady in restaurant: good
fixtures; go. A loc-atlon. ALFA CO.. SSS Mrkt.
ATTENTION !-Partle« rr»!ng to Alaska can
make fortune by set-irur COWING, v»l Market. |
I>ELICACT irtore: bargain If "taken at oncel
living ninms. COWING Sc CO.. 9H5 Market st.
C n< 'CERY an 4 bar: fine location: with roome:
bargain. COWING & CO.. S*6 Market st.
JlOft-FRUIT and grocery rtore; good location;
liv. rms.; rent 112. McLaughlln, 777H Market.
•>"»ft- FI RST-CLAS3~fioVer »tore; b«»t"liocatio^
r;ty; eetttral; morale t4OO. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
CPH< 'LSTKHKI^ giN^TbusinT^s In uphoTareT
lr.g an 4 rarp«t work, will sell for SICK) Ad- I
<ttm C. A. I-KE»n>X. Haywards. Alaa
'-ounty.
ACTIVE man to take retiring partner's place-
small carltal: office bualneas; no night or
hunflay wtrk; ex|.<>rlenße unne*yssarr m
ft., room A.
WANTED-Partner wlih KM t^dTofflee wortc"
take 4 interest in mining engineer's offleej
l'-ated in Mexico; best of ref Pf * nee«n cc« required
_«nd_«lven. Box 1241. Call office.
*«orl«agersiloo, 7h per cent, $3tC :
rL.TI-c^", 01 tturl «"*«. »*r cent monthly:
«1»^--PAYIN« crocery anfl »,ar in Westero
I
n ~^° hh m V \. »»«»arant In a good lo-
»I* ifffL-TL-* <! " S<> *' bout-e. Box 147». Call.
: ' ■ • ■• .--■ triaT
• atarkat.
1110-FRUIT and vegetable store. 12*. Oak st •
a if v" '■ .'
HEFTAURANT-Ofwd p'.ace for man and wife-
dully receipts tU to tin. 2it Mason st.
HOME kitchen and dejjrmcjr for sale on ac-
count of slckn^*: gr«d location and trade
OBERDEENER.JJ First at
OLD eftabllshed saloon, well stocked. |250- flx-
ture* alr.re worth n.nn»y asked; owner , lcJ ,
J217 Market n.
FHOP for painter, plumber, carpenter- rent
•"^."VT. &tTS2-» WM ' "ENHRICKSON
Sc CO.. fl4. Call building.
J?SO— FOR •ale— Ccr.foctlonery and Ice cream
parlor*; r.ew Improvements; ■ > sain ; call
SOI Feoond rt. H. JACKSON, proprietor.
GOOT) planing mill and lumber yard tn this
city for »ale. Box MM, ('»': office.
WANTED— Paying ceffee house or restaurant;
give partlculai-a. Box 14& C. Call office.
GOOD-PAYING photccraph gallery In Mission
for vale cheap. Apply 1104 Market, rocra 21.
CAPE NOME. Alaska— Clieap rates on early
boat to Cape Nome. FRISCO-NOME T. £ T.
CO., rocm C. »econd floor. Mills building.
FOR raJe-Good fruit stand; 2 living rooms;
rheap. Arrly M Eighth St.
CIGAR More and fixtures with Call agency for
•alt; reasonable; (r>od location; rent cheap.
Box U74. Ballnfcg. Cal.
P*IRST-CLABfI grocery and bar for sale; no
arent. North corner Fulton and Franklin cts.
COFFEE and tea routes mipplled from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.S. 412 Sacramento st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
FUlj«rrlptlons ha* been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky «ts. Open till V p. m.
A BRANCH office for all advertisements and
SMt~rrir<laca has been established at I'M Va-
icscU at.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
FINE top buggy, almost new; business buggy, !
new; business wagons, new. suitable for dry
goods stores; rockaway. *> I st.
« -CAN milk wa^on. $35; road cart, $12; light
butcher wagon. $25. 22 Golden Gate aye.
•-CAM milk wason. J*i; mad cart. $12; light
butcher wagon. $*S. 22 Golden Gate aye.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggle*. carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EC.AN & BON, 2117 Mission st.
100 BETS »econd-hand harness: wagons, carts, .
buggies. Kurreys and horbei>. 1343 Folsom St.
CARPET HEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
»end to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beatlng Works. 3.'3-U7 '1 ehan.a st.; tel. S. 40.
SANITARY lea* i►• Co. for health a'r.d square
dealing. 342 McAllister St.; tat, South 146.
CiTY Steam Can^t-beatlng Works. *». H.
STEVENS, rngr.. CS-iO «th st.: tel. South 250.
J.McQI'EENS California Carpet Cleaning Co..
itS Stevenson st. ; t«l South 225: lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter et.:
tel. Main 3?4. GEO. WALOOM, Proprietor.
CARPKTB cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at Ic.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.: tel J lie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpel Cleaning Co.. 249 14th
«t.: «*lean!i>r. ir per yard; tel. Mission 74.
OONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 331 Goldea
Oat«- «v- : t-l Kn«t 1?< ,
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blcttfing: a «ure |
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR,
Ar»*nt. Offlc* and factory. 21 Spear st.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. CLARK.
the well-known trance medium, may be con- :
suited en all affairs of life. While entranced
•he reveals every hidden mystery: she will
show you how to overcome your enemies; re-
' move family troubles; restore lost affections; ,
unite the separated: recovers lost or .-' l-n
property; locates minerals: tells your entire
life, while in a perfect trance; satisfaction
irufcr»n»<^-<S fey roai!;^«»u* tamp for circular .
with special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
Wt Turk i-t . near Jonet. Home Sun. and eves.
MME. MELBOURNE, clairvoyant, card read-
er; a visit will well repay you; call and be
convinced. 612S Ediy rt. ; hours 1 to 8 and
7 to 10 p. m. ; ladles, DOc: gents, tl.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. 1104 Market St.. trance,
test medium: life reader and medical clair-
voyant; treats all diseases; sittings $1.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune trller; best ndvlce In difficult mat-
ters, t Hayes St.. room 7. second floor.
MME. LEN AR— Fortune by planets; pre-
dicted IST4 rescue i>hh<«?tik«ts and k<jl<l. At 223
Mat on st.. corner O'Farrell.
ARNOLD & DICKSON t*-sts to-nlcht and Pun-
day niirht: 10c; readings, 25c to tOc. 14S Sixth
at , rooms 1-2.
KATIE HEUSSMANN, testa to nil: to-night.
Pun. and M«n. eve.: lie €41 Jaaeie, off 7th.
MRS. DU PREE. card reading; questions an-
swered by mall: advice given. IS 7th. room 9.
MME. MOREAU. the be»t medium and card
reader; 2Sc up. 73 Fourth St.. in-ar Mission.
MME. ZEREDA. of 5 Seventh st.. Is the ori-
ginal gypsy life reader; readings 2Jc.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 25c: truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MMF SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 212H Sixth ■•
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
aavice; names given: 25c up. B Fourth st.
TOUR future told by cards, 25c IOCH Sixth st.,
10 a. m. to S p. m.
WV SYBILLE— CradIe to grave: future hus-
band's picture. ?f.c: Indies. 914 O-F«rr<>n -■
COLLECTION .OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
less successful. Room 210. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 5 room*, bath, gas; rent $18. 1111
Vallejo st.. near Leavenworth.
COTTAGE of 6 rooms and bath at 1103 Clay,
between Baker and Lynn: lately renovated.
DENTISTS.
A-DR T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors. 927 !
Market ft., over Cafe '/flnkaml— Teeth extract- ■
rd without pain by the use of electricity, gas j
or chloroform: also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the b«"st an<l mowt artlctlc ]
dental work at reasonable prices; pure guld
fllllnga from $1 up; other fillings from jVc;
badly decayed teeth can-fully treated nnd
filled" or crowned without j.ain; plates that fit
from $4 JO up; flesh colored plains from $3 L 0
up: teeth without plate* a sj^clalty; open
evenings and Sunday*.
A NEW anaesthetic for painless dentistry—
Eynol. on application to the gumk, removes
the j>aln: see our flush colored p!:it«*«; thinner ,
and stronger than rubber; warranted for 20
years; crown an'l brldgr work; teeth with-
out a plate: fillings. .*j< : crowns. $3 50; plates. j
• full set. $6. all work painlera and warranted.
! Chicago Dental Parli rs. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTaT7cLIn7c, EO9 Mar- i
ket #■; oor. Ma, rm. 7. Flood bide., you can
l have your extractions done painlessly ; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crown*.
$3 DO up; plates, eitrnctlons frve. $4 iO up; of-
fice hours, It. m. to 10 p. tn.; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. O. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 10 O'Farrell •■'... ex-
tracts and rills teeth painlessly by Ma wonder-
ful secret method: crowns, $2: bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 first
prises; no students; guarantied 12 years.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years; low«-*t prices; 10 op-
erators; no students. '.'." Market st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work nnd fllllnga a
specialty: all work reasonable; gas given.
PARIS lentil Parlors. 2Ji Kearny^corr ßush ;
full set of teeth, {4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
BET cf teeth without plat«. DR. 11. G.
YOUNG. IMI Polk -t.
OHIO Dental Parlors.. Inc.; «• graduate opera-
tors.open evenings and Sunday*, feio Market.
LOWEST prices in S. F.; work warranted 10
years. N. V Dentists. 9fi7 Mission, rnr. Cth.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
a F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring Parlors;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
MeDOWELL Dressmaking School glvea a prac-
tlcal cou:«*: pat cut; positions free. 103 Post.
PARISIAN dressmaking. BS7 Geary: drewee
I marte. tl up: drtsses made over: perfect fit.
ACVORDION pleating factory; all klnde pleat-
irg. pinking. 121 p. st.over O'Connor & Moffatt. I
KIM \ TIO\ v .-.■■;
UEALD'S Business College. 24 Poet it.. B. V.:
practical courses in bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. language*. tele»n-Hr>by. English
branches, civil, electrical sad nun engt-
neerlng. etc.; new SO-page catalogue free.
MISS M. G. BARRETT is unable to flil all de-
raands for her shorthand graduates and de-
sires more pupils; lemons personally «uid by
mall. Sfr2 Montgomery st
AYRES' Business College. 713 Market st.. con-
durte.l rersonally by Mr. and Mrs. Ayres;
life scholarship $M. Includes all branches.
ALL ftudents but two taking full course
this year cot positions. PAN FivANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1235 Market »t.
ENGINEERING school, civil. Hectrlcal, mining,
mech.. survey, a»*Hy. arclil.; day and even.:
VAN DER NAILLEN. 533 Market.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bust"
ness College. 30:. Larkln St., opp. City Hall.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught;
prlv.orclajs. Barker's Acadrmy.927 Mission st.
PRIVATE lemons by expert bookkeeper; most
practical method 1234 Bush at.
LAW schools. 527 Market, S. F.. and 905 Broad-
way.Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
START right and the end Is In sTghT PROF.
MERKI. violin, mand., guitar. 100S Mlbslon.
BOOKKEEPlNG.arlthmetic~grammar.wri tins;
day and night: terms low. 1024 MUslon.nr.Cth.
- ■ —
| EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Of flce^Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell. aar Sutter: tel. Black 1221.
FIELDS Employment Agency— Help furnished
free. <at Clay #t.; phone Davis *21.
JAPANESE Information bureau; Japanese and
Chinttie help. 421 lost; phone Main ISS6.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
bttt help. 4144 Q'Farrell at.; tel. East 426.
JAPANERn-CHINESH Emp. Agency; ail kinds
I belp. OEO. "AM, 30 Geary •■ : tel. Gnuit 36.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
C. R. H ANBISN sTcoTT.. ~?riI)4~GEAIRY~iT~
A very superior head waitress, accustomed
to handling from 10 to 40 girls In the dlntng-
room; excellent references. For particulars
addre— C. R. HANHEN A CO.. 104 Oeary st.
COOK, flrst-claa* Pcandianvlan, superior In all
branches and with best of references. wii.h.-s
aeltuatton. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO..
$1€ Putter st.
A MARRIED woman wants to do flrfct-class
dressmaking; $1 ~J> per day; good work jniar-
antaed Please call m Market St.. room IS.
GERMAN woman wants plain sewing to do at
home. £21 Mission st., room 1.
COMPETENT Jsook, German.' wishes situation.
Address 7tS Howard at.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 2. 1899.
E3IPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
RELIABLE young Eastern girl desires general
work and cooking or upstairs work; wages
$20. Call at HI Larkln st.
YOUNG girl wishes a situation general house-
work and cooking; wages $20 per month. Ad-
dress box 1411. Call.
TWO colored girls desire situations; American
family: good cook and bouseworkar. Apply
S2S Butter st.
SPANISH lady desires situation at do any
kind of housework; wages $15 to $20 a month.
Plea«e call 1519 Taylor st. I
COMPETENT woman wants position as work-
ing housekeeper or chambermaid in lodging
house; betst if references. Box 1246. <*.ll office.
RESPECTABLE American woman, no incum-
lirancc, desires position as housekeeper. com-
panion or any position of trust; capable. dili-
gent and faithful worker; city or country.
Address J. A. S.. box 1453. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS French and German woman {
cook wishes place In good family. Address '
1064 Third at., room 5.
PROTESTANT girl would like a position at I
light housework In the Mission. Address I
1(20\4 Guirrero.
DANISH girl wonts work by day; washing and j
housecleanlng; do curtains at home. 1331 Ful-
ton st.
GERMAN *rlrl. good cook, desires place; Amer-
ican family: city only. 4IS Powell St., tele-
phone Main £232.
GERMAN girl, competent cook, desires rltua- 1
Una In American family: city or country.
41S Powell st.. telephone Main SBt j
STYLISH dresses made for $4; also children's !
dresses; reasonable; all work guarantee; will ,
go out at 51 25 a day. Call or address 539 !
Fourth st.
COMPETENT woman with child 2 years old {
wishes a position as housekeeper In city or
short dlrtance In country; references. Call
16?0 Fifteenth st.
WINCHESTER Rons*. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket ; IN rooms; 25c to $1 CO night; $1 SO to $«
week: convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from terry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions '
received at ''all branch office. 2200 Flllmore st. |
A BRANCH for advertl«u>m#nts and
subscriptions has boen established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Us. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been established at 109« Va- j
lencia St.
A BRANCH office for the reception of advar- ;
tii**ments and subscriptions has been opened
at Id Polk st : open until 9 p. m.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
PRACTICAL orchardist. vlneyardlst and gen-
eral farmer who has had a number of years' j
experience as s-uperiniendent of large ranches,
packing houses and fruit dryers, desires posl-
tion: understands all the details necessary to
the business and can give satisfactory refer-
ences. Box 1402. Call.
ITALIAN or French cook, employed for many
y<*arH In Florence, Rome and New York,
wants position In private family or boarding
house: best reference. CAVALLJNI. 6198
Montgomery' aye.
SOBER, reliable young man. who understands
care of horses and fine harness and handy
with tools, wishes work of any kind; flrst-
claj-ii references. Box 1401. Call.
COMPETENT man wishes situation on subur-
ban place: can care for horse*, cow*, orchard,
garden and has experience In raising poultry
by Incubator. Address box 1408. Call office.
SITUATION at collector, watchman or Janitor
by a careful, sober man, with reference. Ad-
dress box 1475. Call office.
WANTED— Work as a milk wagon driver; 5 i
years' experience and good references; $35
month and found. Box 1403. Call.
TOUNG man with best reference wishes In-
door work; willing to work for small wages.
10« Ed.iy it., room 42.
WANTED— A situation as coachman; A No. 1
horseman: city references: strictly temperate.
Address box 1411. Call office. Oakland.
SITUATION wanted by a man as gardener.
hostler or to do general work around place:
city or country; reference. Box 1352, Call.
WANTED— Bjr a a man who thoroughly under-
stands the care of and bottling of wines. Box
1245. Call.
YOUNG German, speaks, good English. desires
situation in store or grocery. Please call at
!'O Elliott Park aye.. bet. O'Farrell and Geary
etc.. off Stetner.
I
I WORK, by young man; fairly educated; strict-
ly temperate; some business experience. Ad-
dress bex 1455. Call.
POSITION In silllllsails house to learn bust-
■ m-ss; salary no object: references. Box WOO.
| _Cnll office.
GERMAN and wife want situations to go to
Car* Nome as cooks for company of miner*;
best of reference. Address M. W., box 1276.
Call office.
WANTED — Place as coachman by a youns: ]
Swede; 1- si of reference. Inquire at 132$ .
Mission «t.
— —^ — — — .
THOROUGH printer, accustomed to country
offices, wants position as compositor or fore-
man on country weekly. Box 12SL Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlc*. I 2"0 Flllmore at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscription* has been established at th«
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st : open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for cl!c l! advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094 Va-
lencia St.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MATERLE. German expert optician.
I(TIV> Market St.. San Francisco: exam, free.
EXCHANGE.
GOOD renting Oakland property for ranches.
J. II EPSON. 1209 Broadway. Oakland.
FLATS TO LET.
ELEGANT flat; 6 rooms and bath; all latest
Improvements. 713 Grove st.
FLAT of 3 rooms; yard and basement. 1412
Jessie st,. bet. Thirteenth and Fourteenth;
small family.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed list
you cet from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10
Montgomery st.
FLAT, < rooms, yard. $14; also cottaxs. 4
rooms, $10. Key 623 Second st.
i FLAT of 9 rooms and bath. 61 Hermann at.,
corner of Stevenson.
McAIJ-ISTER, li:.' Upper fiat. 7 rooms, with
light and sun; reasonable to good tenant.
NEW Cat; 4 large rooms and laundry; rent
cheap. Apply to 319 Liberty St.
NICELI furnished corner flat; 4 rooms and
cellar; rent Sis. 41 Hermann St.. nr. Market.
PINE si . centrally located, bay-window flat.
6 rooms and bath, rent $27 50; Austin St..
few mnny flats. 3 and 4 rooma. rent $10.
HOOKER .v LENT. 14 Post st.
4S RHOTWELL St., nr. Fourteenth— Upper flat
6 rooma and bath; rent $19.
PINNY bay window flats. 7 rooms and 2 kitch-
ens each; first and second floors. 417% Third.
SUNNY flats, S and 4 rooms and baths. Inquire
at IG>5 Howard st.. near Twelfth.
SUNNY upper flat: 6 rooms, bath, store room.
1219H Guerrero st., near Twenty-fourth.
7 SUNNY rooms; bay-window modern flat. 1710
Polk St.. near Clay; $25. ■. '
TURK. E2oC— Corner flat, 4 rooms, bath; yard;
basement; rent $13; no children.
NEW upper flat; 8 rooms and bath. 1602
Turk st.. corner Pierce.
$B— LOWER flat of 4 rooma. 27 Pearl St., off
Market, near Valencia.
$10— FLAT of 4 rooms to let. 81S Folaom at.
CHEAPEST nnd bert In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
re-stage nald.
FLATS WANTED.
WANTED— A nice flat or house, nicely fur-
nished, not less than I bedrooms, with par-
lors: must be Inside of Octavla and Mason,
Golden Gate and Sutler. Address by letter
to S.. box 1412. Call.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, all sixes. $3 90;
heavy matting. 10c per yard; 30x60 Inch ruga.
$1. Eastern outfitting Co.. 1310-1312 Stockton
»• . near Broadway; open evening.
THE furniture of a 7-rootn flat, complete, for
sale cheap; apply In forenoon. 747 Capp St.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4* T.n. with No.
7 ranee. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE "WANTED.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buy*
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel Red 33&5.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays
the highest price for your Id-hand furniture.
WANTED— SIOOO carpets, furniture. «tc: highest
price paid: postal. M. SHverwteln. 1121 Market.
• FURRIERS, FURS, ETC.
ELECTRIC seal capes. Astrakan yokes, $10 to
$10. ROBT. WALLACE. 115 Kearny. top floor.
HELP WAXTED-FEMALE.
WANTED— I cooks, country hotel. $25 and $30; •
German cook $35- cook, plain wash, Ameri-
can family, references required, $30; 6 girls
to cook, plain wash. German style. $25 and ■
$30; 6 German or Scandinavian girls for house- '
""k. l n American families. $25; Protestant .
second girl. $25- second girl and nurse. $20; -,
cook on farm. $30: North-G«rman second girl.
$20; waitress, $5 a week, and a number Of .
servants for housework In city and country
too numerous to advertise, wages $20 to $30. ]
Apply to J. f. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter. j
C R. HANSEN A.- C 0.7.77.... 104 GEARY ST.
Waitress. Nevada. $25 and fare; 10 waitresses. -
city and country HO - chambermaids, to (
wait. $20: 2 lunch waitresses. $3 50 a week:
I<oltsher and Ironer. $30, short distance in .
country: ranch cook. $30.
;••• FAMILY ORDERS .
6 Swedish and German girl», choice places, ,
city, $25; 23 girls housework. $20, $25; 10 girls,
country. $11), $20. C R. HANSDN & CO.. 104 .
Geary st. , <■
A FRENCH maid OS. sleep home; an In- .
font's nurse. Oakland, ; -'."'. 1 child:, second
work, San Rafael 00 fare paid; lady's maid,
$20. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutt^r st. ;
ONE boy and one girl from every class In every '.
public and private school In the city can earn ;
Christmas money without stopping school ■
studies. Apply room 417, Parrott building,
Saturday or Sunday. 8 a. m. to 9 p. m.
WANTED— An experienced saleslady of pre-
possessing appearance in an art store; refer-
ences required. Call 214 Post st., from 10 to ;
12 a. m.
NEAT reliable »rlrl for general housework and
cooking; a^^i^t with child; small wash; 2 ;
adults and 1 child; $?ii. 25iaB California st.
WANTED— A Gorman girl for cook In lunch
house and general housework. Apply 230 Pa- ;
clflc st., corner Battery. j
YOUNG girl to assist In light housework and '
children. 1550 Fifteenth St.. between Mission .
and Howard.
WANTED— Neat young lady for nice country , j
resort: pianist.- preferred. See party 777S '
Market M., room 11. 12 to 4. . .
TAILORESS. ROOS BROS.. 27 Kearny st.
WANTED— GirI (16) to learn trade. Apply 2304
Van Ness aye.
TOUNO girl for general housework; 1722 Bry-
ant st.
WANTED— Girl assist with licht housework '
and baby. 120 Olive aye., near Polk St.
YOUNG girl for light housework: no washing;
must have references. 1411 Golden Gate aye.
WANTED— Working hskpr. for Mexico, without
lr.cumhran •- $10 a month. Box 1250. Call.
YOUNG girl a«j>l»t housework and baby. Call
12 o'clock. 1223 Buchanan st.
LADIES and Gentlemen for dramatic company. ''
Call 2116 California st. to-day, bet. 10 and 12. .
YOUNG lady housekeeper to go to country. Call '
I 311 Jessie st.. between 12 and 2.
YOUNG girl to mind baby. Inquire 300 Hayes
street.
APPRENTICES on shirts and overalls: paid I
while learning. Standard Shirt Factory, cor-
ner Cough and Grove sts.
WANTED— Neat girl for light housework; 3 In '
family. Call at H3S OFarrell st.
, WANTED— 6 good coat finishers and 2 but- •
tnnhole makers and apprentices. Apply 135 1
Natoma st.
WANTED— First-class finisher on coats. 134 j •
Ellis. A. B. SMITH TAILORING CO.
FIRST-CLASS hairdressers wanted: also ap- j
prentices, at COSGROVE'S. 1416 Polk ■_ < ■
YOUNG girl. 14 to 18. to help mind baby. 1562
Post St., near Lacuna.
WANTED— girl for general housework. 344S ;
20th. cor. Capp st. !
WANTED— GirI for light housework: no chil-
dren, evenings and Sunday afternoons free-
must sleep at home. Apply at 210$ Taylor st.,
5 to 11 a. m.
LADIES' cloaks, suits, $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co.. 136$ Stockton, nr. Broadway.
CLASSIFED advertisements and subcriptlons :
received at Call branch office. 1200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and nulivr . >tions has been opened -
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements an.l
subscriptions ha* bean established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sis. Open till 9 p. m. j I
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
HELP WAXTED — MALE.
MURRAY * READT PHONE MAIN SM
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT TO-DAY. 7 A. M.: <
12 farmhands $30. $28. $20 and found !
6 pruner>, orchard and vineyard, see boss
here; stablemen, chorcmen and men and boys
for milk and botchers' wagons, etc
$40. $30. $*&, J2O, $15 and found
Man to w»rk In slaughterhouse, fare $1 1
$20 and found I
CARPENTER^ AND DRILLERS '
7 carpenters. 8 hours. 2 months' Job $3 day ,
16 drillers, city, steady Job $f,o '
MILKERS AND BUTTERMAKERS
3 milkers, good, steady Job $25 and found
Milker. 22 cows, make butter $30 and found
TEAMSTERS AND LABORERS
12 laborerF. city Jobs $30 and found
14 teamsters, 2 and 4 homes, fare $1 |
$2 and $1 75 day
MURRAY * READY.
«34 and 636 Clay st.
HOTEL DEPT BAKERY AND LAUNDRY
Cake baker, small country shop
8 cooks $40, $£- $30. m an.l found
Ranch cook. $40 cock, private family, $23
Ironer, Tyler machine, and iron starch work..
— $30 and found
Piano player, country resort. .$lO 50 week A fd
Hen.] waiter, country hotel $33 and found !
MURRAY Si READY. C 34 and 636 Clay st.
C. R. HANSEN * C 0.... 104 GEARY ST. '
teamsters and masons for the Coast Road
— free-fare, - .hip Sundays 20-f»rm«:r». dinVr»-tit
ranches. $£0 and $26; 2 single-hand miners, I
$2 DO a day. C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 104 Gear}'. '
FOR A QUARRY '
2 hoisting engineers, $3 50 a day, and 10 la- '
borers. $2 50 a day. part fare advanced, ship
Monday. C R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
FIRST-CLASS bellboy, with references, hotel,
country. $15 and free fare. C. R. HANBEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
RELIABLE man with best of references, to act !
as Janitor In a store, $50. C. R. HANSEN A
CO.. 104 C«>ary st.
YOUNG man from IS to 25 years, who speaks
German or French and lives with parents; 1
must write a quick, plain hand. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
NEAT boy, 16 to IS years, who lives with his
parent*, to attend soda fountain; no office fee. \
C. R. HANFEN 4 CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— CIerk and solicitor; American: must
be well acquainted with city; single man only
and reference positive; salary $10 a week for
first 3 months. See J. F. CROSETT & CO..
628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Cake baker for nice place. $60 and
found; pie maker. $2 day; cook on farm. $20; ,
young German to assist In bakery, $20; night i
cook, country, JS3; German waiter, $20; cook,
small restaurant, $35. and others. J. F.
< i;. SETT & CO. 828 Sacramento st.
WANTED— I 2 quart! miner* at $2 £0 day to be
ready to go next week; timberman for quartz
mine. $2 75 a day. go at once; shop butcher, $1
day and board, country; Swlns milker. $3');
young American clothing salesman. $10 week;
coachman and gardener. $30 and found, and ,
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacra-
mento st.
A MAN cook: small restaurant; $J0; short dis-
tance in country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
BARBERS' Protective Union— Th» only legal
organized union on the cf>o«t. J. J. HEINZ,
Employment Secy.. C3O Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free Employ-
ment. 11. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jesde 111.
TAILORS.— First-class operator wanted for
country on ladles' tailor suits; must be rapid,
accurate, understand preying; good wages.
Apply to STEIN. SIMON A CO.. corner of
Second and Market sts.
ONE boy and one girl from every class In every
public and private school In the city can earn
Christmas money without stopping school
studies. Apply room 417. Parrott building,
Saturday or Sunday. 8 a m. to 9 p. m.
YOUNG man for real estate office; salary, $12
weekly: excellent opportunity; experience un-
necessary; security required. Address JACK-
SON. box 1403, Call office.
WANTED— Boys' clothing salesman. Apply
between 7:20 and 8 o'clock at S. N. WOOD A
0] ■ S. 718 Market St.
WANTED— Reliable man to deliver goods and
collect; will pay $15 per week: must have $75
cash; steady place. Apply 1016 Market, r. 10."
BLACKSMITH for whaling cruise to South
Peas at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
COATMAKER for country. Apply at REISS
BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutler st.
WAITER wanted. 30 to 42 Union Square Mar-
ket.
GOOD cook at Washington Hots!. Fourth and
Townsend sU. '. •; . • '•
NIGHT cook wanted. 207 Third st.
WANTED— Lunch waiter. 258 First st.
GOOD cook. 432 Fifth st.
LADIES and gentlemen for dramatic company.
Call to-day between 10 and 11. 3116 California.
GOOD waiter wanted. Rosemont Restaurant.
606 Howard at.
nELP WANTED
TWO-CHAIR, barber shop; must sell Immedi-
ately on account of sickness. 303 Vi Broderlck
ft., near Oak. ;-.;
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 1502 Btock.
ton st., near Green.
WANTED— Barber for Saturday night and Sun-
day; $3 50. 1310 Castro st.
BARBER wanted Saturday. 7»7 Mission st.
GOOD barber wanted Saturday and Sunday;
steady. 629 Union st.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday. 1071
Market st.. near Seventh.
BARBER for Saturday; close at 6 o'clock. Cor.
of Front and Clay sts.
GOOD barber wanted for Sunday morning; 15c
shop. 2007 Mission st.
BARBER for Saturday. 217 Fourth st.
WANTED— Barber for Saturdiy and Sunday
$4. 3119 FlUmore st.. near Greenwich.
BOOTBLACK. 105 Fourth st.
$160— WANTED, partner in a produce business
to drive wagon. 1126 Harrison st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House 117 Third st.: 150 larg*
rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— man to deliver and col-
lect: salary US a week and expenses; state
age. etc. Globe Company, fa Chestnut st'
Philadelphia. Pa. ■
BARBERS— 3-chalr hotel barber shop In the
center of this city; reason death of proprie-
tor: must lie sold: rent $23. For particulars!
call on H. BCHETJNERT. 927 Market st.
WANTED— IOO men to try our 15c breakfast"
dinner or supper; best In city. 406 McAllister
st . near Polk.
500 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
_ price. 6C2 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
MEN to learn barber trade; only I weeks re-
quired: constant practice; expert instruction;
lectures on dermatology; Saturday wages;
call or write for free Illustrated catalogue.
MOLER'B BARBER COLLEGE. 633 Clay st.
WANTED — Swansen the «va«her -to eend hi»
address to P. O. box 657. Woodland. Cal.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c to
50c. {62 Mission st.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
SEAMEN, green hands and ordinary seamen.
at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD A CO.. attor-
■ neys. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at 8.
F. Barber College. 74. a Howard st.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices.
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORINQ CO. 115 Kearny.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 15c and tic
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard; read. rm.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market st.. below Sixth
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms, 25c night: reading room: fi— 9
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. : open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
sul.Dcrtptlons has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky tits.; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
HOUSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc— For Sale
FOR sale— Om» dark bay pacing mare (can
pare under 20). 5 years old. over 15.3 hands
high, weight 1073 pounds, sired by Truman
<2:12). dam by l.c Grande, price J2>«i. also
almost new leather-top buggy. Studebaker's
make, harness, etc.. price $125: also gent's
double-seated road cart. Frailer* special.
and harness. $50; must be sold. Inquire 347
Fremont St., rear.
FOR sale— One fine single set light weight
speed harness; be?t MofTatt leather: almost
new. Apply 1729 California st.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagon, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st.: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers
M HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1621
and 1625 Market st.. between Twelfth and
Brady; also seme fine matched black teams.
WANTED— Good light single wagon, horse and
harness: cheap. 44 Donohoe building.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In th*
United States or Cinada one year for SI.
p. singe paid.
HOUSES AXl> WAGONS \V\NTKI>.
WANTED To buy horse and n^-MW's wagon,
cheap: call after 9 a. m. 426 Minna st.
HOUSES — LODonra — FOR SALE.
A FAMILY can make a fine living by Invest-
ing $200 in a small lodging-house north of
Market st. Inquire box 1432. Call.
PARTY wishing to sell lodging-house see
BASILS. 3 Eddy st : new cash buyer dally.
GOOD paying: 6n rooms; rent $60; for sale
cheap. 247 Second st.
SUNNY flat; all rented: select roomers; over
drugstore. 10*1 Folsom st.
18 ROOMS elegantly furnished, cost $3500 (new).
$1800. Box 1351. Call office.
29 ROOMS; rent $90; north of Ellis, nr. Jones
St.; $ii:<. Box 288. Call office.
16- ROOM boarding-house; Geary St.; $1150; want
larger hon«e. Itox 13M. Call office.
HOC M - TO LET.
-PRINTED list; houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. I MBSEN * CO.. 14 Montgomery.
RENT $11— House 8 rooms and bath; large yard
and bis basement. 384 Eureka st. ; key at 386
Eureka it., near Twenty-first.
COFFEY. HUGHES & HERBST removed to 630
Market St.. opp. Palace Hotel: houses, flats,
etc.. all sizes and prices, to let.
BOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
CHEAP house— lo rooms and bath: In excellent
order; only $20. 62 Tehama St.. nr. Second.
BROADWAY. 1108— < rooms, bath, laundry; fine
marine view; rent $20.
BOUSE of 9 rooms and bath: furnished.' $35;
unfurnished $25. 1116 Leavenworth st.
$12— HOUSE of 4 rooms; grand view; to a small
family only. 425 Fremont St., near Harrison.
LOST A.\l» KOI M>.
LOST— A foxterrler dog, black and white face,
■car on the back; liberal reward. Return to
HI Devlsadero st. .'.-•-•,:
LOST— Black plush bag containing short stick.
Finder will please return to 115 Cedar an*,
and reoelve $1 reward.
LOST— Packages from Pnuson wagon. Return
to E. JOHNSON. 124 Oak st.; reward.
LOST— On Nov. 30. on Mission St.. between 13th
and litli. one very old black and tan dog. al-
most blind; name "(trover"; license tag 586;
$2.50 reward If returned to L. L.. 141SV, How-
anl st.
FOUND— Bird dog; owner can have same by
calling at Ml Natoma st. and paying expenses.
TUESDAY evening; opal scarfpin. surrounded
by dlamonGs: $10 reward If finder will re-
turn to 555 Market st.
FOUND — Gray horse: owner can have same by
proving property and paying expenses. At.-
ply WM. SAVAGE. 649 Bryant st.
MEDICAL.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialist.
formerly of 401 Van Ness aye.. 1362 Market,
has returned from Europe with improved
methods and advanced knowledge; cure at
office. $s: warranted: 15 years' successful prac-
tlce In S. F. Office. 118 Eddy St., near Mason.
MRS. DR. WYETH, ladles' physician; consul-
tation free; home for patients In confinement
or with chronic diseases; guaranteed treat-
ment at office. $5. 942 Pout St.. between Hyde
and Lnrkln; hours, 10 to S. 7 to 8.
PRIVATE home for patients In confinement or
chronic diseases, with best possible care.
MRS. DR. GWTER 510 Eddy st bet. Hyde
and Larkln. Office hours -10 to 12. 2 to 4 and
7 to 8.
DR. POPPER, ladies' physician for 17 years;
call on physician with man's knowledge; $5:
cure sent: private home In confinement. US
Kearny St.: consultation free; guaranteed.
PRIVATE confinement home; sunny rooms;
best of care; nice garden; medicated steam
baths for Indies. DR. and MRS. WEGENER,
phone Pine 2781; res.. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES, 1228 Market; ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated; late scien-
tific methods: cure guaranteed; treatment $5.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladies' physician. 1122 Mar-
ket St.. bet. Mason and Taylor; guaranteed
treatment at office. $5; hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 10?5 Market St.: hours, 10
a. m. to 6 p. m. : at residence. 228 Van Ness
aye.. 6 to 9 p. m.; guaranteed treatment. $.".. I
PR. WISE, the Indies' specialist. 1118 Market
St.: every case guaranteed: $3 up.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist. 1023H Market it.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all Aim-
eases of th* human body. 115 Mason it.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOII SALE.
GOLD quartz rock, small or large pieces 122
p*r ounce for the gold In It. 323 Bush' »t..
third floor, room 4.
BOILERS, engines, Id-hand machinery. Me-
INTO3H & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, »tore and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOON AN. 1017-1013-1021-1623 Mission
at., above Sixth.
AT less than cost; uncalled-for suits and
trousers to be sold at Charles Lyons', the
London Tailor, 721 Market st.
Caution— Be sure you go to the tight store.
.721 Market M . In the Hist building.
Charles Lyons has nothing to do with any
other store In the block, his name being In
full over the now (CHARLES LYONS).
FOR tale— Bar. hack bar. ca»h register and
combination billiard and pool table; a* all
or sejianMe. i'j7 Tenth st.
WITHERBY wood lade complete, almost
new; great bargain. EPSTEIN. »64S Mission.
ASK to ■*« th. t pretty 3-stone diamond ring
for 145; cost 5-V UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant.
lIS— DOMESTIC -wing machine; 6~drawenr:
good order: complete. 1916 Mission, near ISth.
POOL table, complete; !n first-class condition.
Apply b.»x 1240. Call office.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirror*,
bought, sold and exchanged. K>«3 Mission t>i.
FIRST-CLASS fixtures: suitable for grocery or
shoe store: rhfap. 736 Valencia st.
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences: portable safety boxes;
specie chests, bullion safe*, vaults, etc. The
Waltz Safe Co.. I ■•-111 Market St.. S. F.. Cal. ;
FRESH anowballs— *T. Carr" and all rands
English fire brick, fire clay, brickdust S. It.
CHURCH. 307 Bansome St.: t-1 Main t<*6.
8 HOISTING onglnes. 3 steamers. 5 locomotives.
110 cars and all machinery u»ed on Eureka
Breakwater. J. B. JARDINE. 220 Fremont.
EDISON Concert Phonograph, price reduced to
1100: concert records. 12 60. BACIOALUPI.
933 Market st . San Francisco.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C BENTHAM. <>_ Kearny st.
A-13 50 DERBY and Ftdora hats. j: 75. Pop-
— alar Hatters, go Kearny it., nr.rme.
CLOSING out of 300 new and 2d-hand heaters
and ranges; from SI up. 213 Fourth st.
DRESS pants. 12 75; fine suit. 510. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. £13 Montgomery st.
FOR Christmas presents call on SORENSEN.
reliable Jeweler. 103 Sixth St.. below Mission.
BOILERS, engines, drill presses. planers, lathes.
Iron .1- wood: 2d hand. J. BURKE, US fWle. j
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies?
boilers and engines. H. S. White, 616 Mission.
BUYS, sells, rents gear machinery, boilers.
water pipe; new.M-hand. Whltelaw.2l6 Spear
DR. CREELY*S C. P. Worm Pills; by all drug-
gins, or Dog Hospital. 510 Golden Oat* aye.
SAFES-New and second-hand. THE HEP.-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
BARS, shelving. showcases bought and '
sold. EIBEN. HIS Mission- "-I. Jessie UK.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— GoId quartz rock fit for Jewelry;
122 per ounce for gold In It. 328 Bush at., 3d
floor, room 4.
WANTED— To hire 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B.
STONE. Elmhurtt.
LADIES' and children*! cast-off dresses bought
and told. J. Sllvetman. 384 Folsom. nr. «th. i
MINES AND MINING.
W. F. ARAM, mining attorney, room 49. Stb
floor. Mills building. 8. F. : ul. Main 544.
RICH Cape Nome claim on branch of Russell
Creek: cnr-half Interest for 1300; by young
man In immediate need of funds; full detail
on application; excellent opportunity for party
going there. W. F. ARAM. Mills h'.jg . 3. F.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AVOID delays; try all other*, then see me: ISO
to flOO.tOO; 6 per cent: Ist. 2d or chattel mort- :
gage*, estates In probate, undivided Interests In
estates, legaclet and mortgages bought: advice
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan, 636 Markt.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest '
In estates. legacies, life Insurance; chattel
mortgages, confidential: advice free. O. E.
OLSEN. room 16. first floor. Chronicle bldg
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without re-
moval: no commission: no delays. J. NOON-
AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission it., above Sixth;
telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else,-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3. I
ON furniture and piano* without removal, I
quick service; money direct and lowest Inter-
est. Room ■ and 69. Donohoe Bldg.. 1170 M-r-
ket st.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644; Branch 19 Third St.
ON real estate. Ist or 2d mortgages, and on 1
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates BECKER, 25 Montgomery st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest prices for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates: confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
AT 12« Kearny. room 9, a respectable and pri-
vate place to borrow money on watches, dia-
monds, etc.: lowest rates: take elevator.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. «■ 9 Examiner bldg.
TO salaried men; without collateral or Indorser.
S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan Mlg.
18000 TO loan on furniture and planot at > per |
cent. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market St.
ALL propositions, small or large; salaries;
rents. KLOTH. 220 California st., room 7.
150 To 150.000; lowest rates: Ist and Id mortgs. ;
any proposition. DRYDEN, 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. Ll' K. 116 McAllltter st.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need ,
more money see H. MURPHY. MO Market st. ;
MUSICAL INSTHUMENTS.
AGAIN we remind you that you should pur-
chase your medium and low-priced pianos
where they can be exchanger! for a Ste'nway
within three years and have, full purchAne -
price allowed. We are selling new upright •
pianos for (6 per month, and tome good
piano* for U. $4 and $.1 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY A CO.. Stelnway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutler sts.. San Francisco;
corner Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER A CHASES.
26. 23 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades ]
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every- !
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOII-
LER & CHASE. M O'FatTell st.
ALL makes for a short time only.
14. U. 14. 14. 14. $4 per month.
2 Chlckerlngs. 2 Stelnwny*. 1 Vote * Sons and '
fifty other slightly used high an medium |
grade pianos; special discounts for cash
HEINE PIANO MFG. CO.. m Ellis st.
THE best pianos for the least money at MAI-
VAIS'. 769 Market M.
BEE the new Packard Pianos and organs at
MAUVAIS'. 763 Market st.: they are beauties.
| OLYMPIA music boxes are the latest and best;
they play all kinds of tunes. Agency at
MAUVAIS'. m Market.
SECOND hand, upright or square piano; must
be In good order: very che&p, for cash. Ad-
dress, stating price nni wh^re to be teen,
MRS. GEORGE KEYSER. Peralta P. 0
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other ttandard
pianos; prices reduced to insure prompt sales.
W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
CLOSING out a lot of «■•>-. nd. hand pianos on
storage at auction prices; cheap for cash.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market tt.
A VERY fine upright, slightly used, sacrificed
for cath. Rcom 12. Flood building.
FINE Fischer A Stelnway upright; sacrlflecd!
KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Nes» aye.. nr. -iry st.
W. B. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st . agent foe
_Franc:s Bacon and Hallett A Davit planot.
WANTED— 7 square piano*. BYRON MAUZY
308 Post st
GOOD upright piano, nearly new; cheap
HORNUNG'B. 218 McAllister at.
BARGAIN— Oood upright; cheap. SCHMITZ 16
McAllister St.. next Hlbernla Bank.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy and other piano*! SOS
Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new H
MILLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.'
OFFICES ANI> STORES — LET.
STORE. SW. cor. Vallejo and Leavenworth" \
living rooms: suitable for grocery; fiat above
6 rooms and bath: large cellar, rent for
whole 130 per month. ' ■••••-
ELEGANT large store; 4 fine rooms In rear-
large dry basement; suitable for any business'
993 Valencia st.. under Hotel Dennlston. cor-
ner Twenty-first; business center of Mission.
TO LET— Nice store and cement basement 621
Vallejo St., cor. Montgomery are.; cheap.
PALMISTRY. '
HAVE your life rea.l without a question or
mistake at your own home; engagements Dy
phone Larkln ICM. MRS. L. .
i'EU!>O.IAM4.
INFORMATION want.-: relative to address.
during post two years, <<( MRS. BRIDGET
DAVIS, formerly of Pennsylvania: communi-
cate. Address box 14S0. Call office^ '
PERSONS desiring to invest In Nome mining
propertlrs or lots should address box 1471.
Call o(Bce. .---.■ ■ -.. ', ■
HEINHICK A. TIETJE— Any one knowing bis
whereabouts communicate with EIINEST 11.
TIETJE. 13)5 Kearny st. . ■
GERMAN thlp carpenter would like the a<- :
•lualntance of German servant girl; object
matrimony: no triflers. Address Box 1247 rail.
WANTED— WeII-to-do family to five good
home to bright girl 10 year* and boy 1 years.
Box 1492. Call office.
LEDERER'B QUINTONICA hair tonic will
give any one a beautiful head of hair. LE!>-
EKE It uses no other; !3c bottle 123 Stockton.
GO to LEDERER. he does your hair In th*
most becoming style for 2Jc: manicuring 2ic:
switches |i ui>; open Sundays and hotdldaya.
»a. m. to 12 m G. Lederer. 123 Stockton st.
PIANO tuning and repairing. G. 11. KL'HN.
formerly with btelnway tt Sons: re*. S.I- luth.
cor. Clay. Oakland: 21 years' etperlence.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent Trademark
Attorney a: Ijiw. ' and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St.. Liws a Specialty.
San Franrisco. Cal. 1 American ami Forelga ~»4
Send for circular. 1 Patents Solicited.
FREE SITTINGS FOR IIFsT CABINET
PHOTOS: no deposit: every Tuesday.
Wednesday and Thursday of this month at
MacLELLAND.S. 4< O'Farrell tt.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third tt.. near Market: ICO rooms:
75c to II 10 per night. It SO to I* i-r *e-k:
free 'bus and baggage to and from th* ferry.
LEADING theatrical an.l masquerade co+-
turners, make-up and wlgv country orders so-
licited OOLDBTEIN A CO.. 713 Market tt._
ARTISTIC halrdressing. 25c: shampooing. 2-;
halrdresslng and manicuring taught. Up-to-
Date Parlors. 1C:« Market »t.. over Wonder.
MRS. L.J. WHEELOCK has r. moved La Verlt*
parlors to 1140 Market st.; phone Folsorn 444.
MANILA FVench laundry; cleaning, dyeing;
curtains. 35c up: avoid holiday rush. M 2 Geary.
STAMMERING corrected: booklet. J. WHITE-
HORN. AMI 1315 Linden. Oakland.
A KLEIN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools and
old gold: rend for htm. 109 Sixth st.
ONLY store that burs old cold Jewelry and
cast-rIT clothing. COLEMAN'B. 5M Kearny.
BEST price for cast-off clothing and brlc-a-
brac. 11. MARKS. 2f9 Third St.: send postal.
PAINTING and paperhnnglng; rooms papered.
12 50 up. JENSEN tt BATH, n Sixth st.
ANTIQUE and curiosity shop; books bought,
told, exchanged. E25 Dupont st.. near Cal.
HIRSUTINE CO.. hair specialist*, grow hair
or no pay: book for stamp. • Edly tt.
INCRUSTATION— New Invention for chln-» dec-
orators. See S. R. CHURCH. 307 Fansnme tt.
LACHMAN A CO.. mfrs. of fine furs and seai r
ganr.entt: also remodeling. 104 Keamy st.
IF you wish full value for your cast-oft cloth-
Ing call on 11. COHEN. U7 Third st.
RITPTURE. stricture cured; no knife: no Injer-
tlon: guarantd. Dr G^rdln. 514 Pine, ah Kmr
WANTED— OId sjold fnr manuf'g. O. NOLTE.
— »l*r *4H OTarrell bet Powell uno 1 \f.T«"n
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
FINEST and fullest stock: square deal and*
prompt service; country orders our specialty;
catalogue free. Cal. Camera ft*.. ?? f>nrv St.
PROPERTY TO LEASE.
:.\ NILS' INSTITT
To lease— Block No 2; 412:6x275; boirnde.l by
Larkin. Hayes. Polk and Grove sts.; for a
term of years
Proposal* will he received at the Mechanics'
Institute. 81 Post st.
HEAL ESTATE — CITV — FOII SALE.
GOOD Improved Income property for sal*,
cheap: car lin*; Western Addition. Address
box 1178. Caul office.
IJ4OO— MODERN 5-rocrn cottas* on bltumlnlMd
street; lot 25x139; also a I— rgt 7-rocm house
on Pierce it., near Halght; houset built tj
suit purchaser: easy terms, Inqulns on pretn-
lies. F. NELSON, builder.
FOR sale cheap; new 2-story houses; 7 roon.a. .
latest improvements; Noe and Hill St.. rear 1
Castro it. cars; patent tldewalk. f
IF you have lot* north o: Golden Gat« Park,
west of First ate . and you wish to sell them,
call on W. J. GUNN. lIP Montgomery it.
HEAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For -all-
CHANCE to trade city property for th* Johan.
nlsberg Springs, mountain resort and vine-
yards, Napa County.
S2d acres, furnished and equipped for bust-
neyn; pays owner over 20 per rent on Invest-
ment; will sell for 1-3 of orlglnaj cost: terms
to suit, or must be rented at "»•■•• on account
i ' departure of owner to Europe. For phot>>-
graphs and particular* Inquire of a. m
SPECK A CO.. t<7 Market st.. Examiner bldg!
FOR Sale — One hundred acres choice b*«t lan.!
one mile from Salinas. B. 11. GRAVES Sit
Hayes it.
HEAL ESTATE WAXTEo!
WANTED— Lot 40 or M ft., on Howard or Fol-
torn st*.. E. of Fourth. Address W. II C
box ;4«7. Call office. '
HEAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
LOTS In good country town; will sell or »•
change. COWING A CO.. 993 Market st.
HOQMS^FOH inn -I ki 1 li %
A BRANCH office for the reception ~cf advert
tl»ements and subscriptions has been op«a«vl
at 1223 Polk st. ; open until 9 p. m.
BIRCH aye.. 36— Nice tunny front room and
kitchen; quiet people only; no children. , w
BUCHANAN. 602. corner Fell— Sunny furnished 7
bay-window and kitchen; cook ttove; $12.
EDDY. 207 — Nicely furnished pleasant front
roomt; gas; bath; terma reasonable.
FIFTH. 353— 3 connecting furnished bousekeep-
Ing rooms. 113; also single rms.. $5. it. an.l $7.
FULTON. 121«»— 2 tunny front furnished ruoms;
ranee; water: large yard; rent IS.
HARRISON. 733 — Two tunny unfurnished
housekeeping roomt: ■-
JESSIE. 476—2 nicely furnished tunny rujm«
for housekeeping.
JONES. 114-1 furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing; ground floor. . : • - _»,
LARKIN. So4— Sunny back bedroom and kitch-
en. furnished for housekeeping; flO.
LEWIS. U. off Taylor, near Putt— 3 completely"
furnished front rooms; 114.
MISSION. S45— A nice front room with folding
bed; kitchen complete for housekeeping.
MISSION. 172U 1 -. near 13th— Nicely . furnished
room, with stove, bath and laundry; 15.
NINTH. 20. near Market. 2 sunny connecting
rooms; hk. : stove, water, gas; |1H; tingle, 15.
O"FARRELL. ttiS-3 nicely furnlthed rooms for
housekeeping; very reasonable.
POLK. 717—2 furnished housekeeping rooms.
MAMA. 231—3 room* furnished for hcu*»-
keeptng; stationary tubs and bath.
THIRD. 143— Sunny housekeeping rooms; com-
plete; first floor; hot and cold water, bath. gas.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3{r£TNear Howard: J nTci
sunny housekeeping rooms; bath laundry. J
UNFURNISHED upt^r florid and bath *}
Willow aye. Apply 729 Ellis tt.
CLASSIFIED advertisements an.f tubscrtptlons
received "»t Call branch oiflce. 22 0 KlllraTr* st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
tubsciiptlons has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets. Open until » y. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036 Va-
lencia*^ ■ ■ .
ROOMS TO LET— Faro. amfT'nfnrit.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tltementt and tubtcrlptlcn! has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until » p. m.
AN up-to-date new fireproof building. Baa An-
tonio; new furniture, hot and •• .1 water, r »-
dlators. grates, suites; when seen are appreci-
ated. 21 Taylor St.. near Market.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE! m Sixth— Rooms
Be to II per night. II 25 to 15 per week, ml
light housekeeping; open all night.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor its.—
Homelike house: modern service; elerator;
bath: rcoma 50c to II 50 day. MRB. J. KINO. .
BURNETT. 14: Market (old N'a 128«>— Fur-
nished mis., suites, tingle; alto unrurnlthed.
CARROLTON. 12C6 Market, cor. Golden Gat*
aye.— Sunny comer; well furn: rms. & offices.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch "(flee. 2200 Flllmore tt.
ELLIS. 61?— Lfc.-g« sunny room; suitable for I^^
gentlemen: everything now.
FOLSOM, 2043. near Seventeenth-* connecting
unfurnished rooms; bay-window; sunny.
FOURTH. ?tJH— Nlctly furnished tunny bay-
I .window and tlofU roosoj; rtatonab!*; quiet.lIOOMS TO LET — Pnrn. and Unforn.
GKAHV. 14A— Nicely furnished Bunny suite*
»:r\«le rooms. IS month up; water; gaa. *
OEAHT. U»6-Nlce runny suite for 'iceep-
Ing; other rooms; hot and cold water; phone!
GIRARD House— lS2 Seventh— Sunny furnuhed
rooms: day or week; reasonable.
GRAXD SOUTH ERN-Southea*t cor. Seventh
end M!»Mc.n ms. -Sunny rooms, en mite or
i-lr.nle; ladles' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House. TU Mission— Select family
rooming house; fi W to H par week.
HICKORY *ye.. Ul-Sunny front furnished
room; S5.
IU'WARD. :i5— 200 sunny rooms: nicely fur-
r. •>•.».! : every convenience; electric lights.
H■ .w MIV. 7614-Nlcely furnished tunny
double and single rooms; reasonable.
j]. 1 WARP. f:^-C!ean. respeclable. 2S C to II per
v ire A™ '*'" W " k l ° »3: H ward-st. car
■
JjyPIE. 373— Larre front room: only St.
MARKET TC <Dewey Hr,use)-s!unny furnished
aroonq .lay or week: reasonable. "-'""^
MCALLISTER, 7024-3 nice "robins for house-
keeping; also single and_suites; bath; gas.
MINNA. :4'j. rear— Nice furnished room.
MINNA. «T. corner Elghth-Newly furnl.hed
l , J -w:rdow_ro O m._H_p«r week; ti-ansleri
MA. KS-J front sunny con. rooms; well
furn.: couple or i men; reflned; private; $1«.
NKW Arlington. iCrS Mark-t-Nlcely furnUheT
He day up; I. week up; transient.
OAK. 116- Large newly furnished room; gentle-
tr.an preferred: gas and bath. *.«»ue
OFARRELL. So^Pu^ n furnished rooms and
offices; elevatorjjjectrlcjlgtits: day. wit. mo.
O FARRELL. «H-Newly furn!*hed7ne~w house-
:»ie«t Improvements; front rooms. $> up.
I t«7-.n C^, A 7 KI ' lt ' rtly ru ™ 1 • '.ed rooms: bath
ana all modern conveniences.
POWELL, «IIA-Large sunny front and back
psrlor. suitable for i gents; newly furnished.
Rf-PFPALE. si Kills, •r. Taylor— loo rooms-
2Sc a night: >1 a week; transient.
ROVA .^ House. i«« Km, st.-Incandescent light.
reui..rg-jv>om. rmoklng-room and ladles' par-
lOTJ rwm*. per nirht. Sse to $1 M; week. t2 to
*>■; month. Js to $33; elevator on office floor-
er. » r-.» jsUO^Jhot^^cold water; baths.
BHERMAN Apartmrnt House. :sT Eighth st
.■r' < * ar _ Markrt ~** urnt »h*' 3 *"d unfurnished. "'
CUTTER. 7C5-Offlce of late Dr. RobJrtson: also
ether sunny, handsome rooms.
EUTTER. 12t*v»— Sunny furnished rooms: bath;
gas; private family.
THE Oaks. 119 Thlrd-A good rooming-house
ffr good people. R. m.'GHES. Proprietor.
TURK, ri4A— Sunny front and back parlor or
tingle room: suitable for gentleman.
VERONA place. 13. near Folson>-For rent,
runr.y frrr.t room cheap; no other roomers;
ju?t fprplnhed.
X BRANCH ... Call advertisements and
eubsrrlptlons has been established at IK* Va-
letic'.a .•
ROOMS WA3TTEDJ
WANTED— Two or three sunny~\infurnlshed
rooms: modem !n:rr«-.ve:nents; rent not to ex-
_£^* £12 rr tl«: adults. Box 1477. Call of flee.
to w hange ti - roo^
IX' • *
SPECIAL KOTI4 I •»
BAD tenants ejected for *4?~VolTectlons ma'dT:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO
*K> Montgomery st.. rooms S-10: tel. 6520.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened n up-
tu:?.'!r.r done, Hartman Paint Co . 31* Third!
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMKIIA. ROOMS AXD BOARD.
HOME for ladles In delicate h-alth; !ar*e
*T' unrt»- Trivate MRS. PR. FUNKE. 14!« «th
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
DERKELBT REAL ESTATE.
I ELEGANT l-room colonial homes adjacent
Lntversity of Cal.: Just completed; porcelain
bath: finished in natural wood: all modern
conx^nler.ces; sunny froaikge; -mi If de-
»lr*d. M. L. WURTS. 17th A Bway. Oakland.
to I^iTS In Berkeley cut for a quick sal*. E~
E. Bt'XCE. >C 8 Broadway. Oakland.
A WEEK'S news Tor 5 cents. The Weekly Call.
r T t<k-- :n wrat-per. for mailing. » per year.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— OO3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
K>« BROADWAY, OAKLAND
Corner pro;#rty; rent IWJ.OOO; equity MM 003-
Interest t per cent: will exchange for a desir-
able raach in CaJlfornla.
SO-PAGE CATALOUGE.
sale and rent E
- and
-• Twentieth
1:; 0 —
Is email price for a I4K* house: th!nk of it-
.-rf>om house, with modem Improvement*;
Al location and rurroundlngn: close to school*
curs, etc; lot 40x125; get particulars. J. 8.
MVKHH. IMS Broadway. Oakland.
t?7CO- ORIGINAL cost !4SOo! "^ ~~
"An eventlul chanre"; 7-rr>om house bath
gas. modem plumbing; stable: fine location'-
commanding appearance: close to school*.
trm:n. etc: one seldom drop* ,-. to such a
bargain; first come, first served. J g
MTERS. 1ft"? nroartway. Oakland. '
OAKLAXD nHMTIKE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Rhellhass~the
U-rr-itu-e .!>-a>r. i;th and Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEXD Mi |it I v
A WEEK'S r.ewn for I cents— The -'eekly Call
16 iac. iti wrapper. ?n r mailing. |i per year'
PROPOSALS.
PROI'OPALe.
F»r furnishing car;-t^. curk carpet* and win
«ow shsdes lor the Hall of •at*, and Morgue
Itiiiiiings. »■«••
Offlne of the clerk of tbe Board of Super-
visors of the City and County of San Ftm-
clec. November I*. ik»s. m accordance with
resolution No. 172> 1 fourth series) of the Board
of hup.rvisors. sealed proiwuaJ* will be re-
reived In r.pen ►"-• of •» - Board of f lper
visors on Wednetday afternoon. ember «
JiS>. frora 2:W to 3 o'clock, for furnishing all
the ea-rprta. cork ■ . "is and window »ha4e,
for the Hall of Justly an d Morgue Hiding,
under the direction and to the satisfaction of
Messrs. Fhea A Fhea. arrhltecU. and r°'
xnittee en Public Buildings. *- om *
All ■'■ matorial furnished and the work «*
U>lng the cart*ts and cork carpets and baaa>
ing the window thades to te done under ,•
direction ar.d to the satisfaction of Me««V-
Fhea A Bhea.- architects, and the Commit £•
on Public Buildings. committee
And it is. to be distinctly understood that
•lgM hours shall constitute a day's work ,*' '
j*r*ons employed on the above work, and that
the minimum rate of wages to be DaJd .hi/11
be two (t:» dollars per day. " '°* v
Bidders will estimate and state a price on I
the following subdivisions or the material to ,
Le »upj)!led and work performed, to »it
Flr«t-For all carpeti", flrst quality body
Brus^ls; »e*ed. laid aad lined. y bOd7
Soeond-For all ccrk carpets, first quality;
Third— For all window shade,, a nt qualltr '
opaque; wired and hung complete. ■ "" I
Bidders will state the prloe per v.rd for
m-h!<-h they will furnlnh the carpets and cor«
can't* »>■' r ">" '•• m window shade under
the direction and to the satisfaction of # M»*sr»
■•'•- •'■•-.-..
P.lidtrs will nuttmit with their bid aamMes
cf all mat«-ri*l bid upon and state a senarMe
price for each character of material sub-
mitted.
Bidders will bid with the distinct undi-.
•landing that separate contracts will be award
ed for each class to the lowest responsible
k>Mfler.
The party or parties to whom each on» of
the contracts may be awarded will l« required'
prior to or at the time of the execution of the
contracts., to pay one-third the cost of .dv.r- i
t>lng this notice in three dally newspa^r*.
a:.d each successful bidder to also pay the*oo«» !
of the publicatlun In the official newspai«sr of
the resolution awßrdlns; him his contract '
In order to preserve uniformity and to farm-
tate the award the board has revived to re- I
ceive no bid unlens made upon blank forms
jut pared br the committee and a certn-1
cherk on wim bank In the city and County
cf Fan Francisco for the mm of hunlr»i
♦ ir^OO) dollars deposited by the bidder with his
bid nnd made payable to the clerk of :;>«
Board of *-"ujwn - Is.ors. conditioned If tbe pro-
jKisal be accepted and the contract awanVd.
find if the bidder shall fall or neglect to fiay
the printing chsrres. execute the contract and
give tli» required ... within si* dars »fter
the award in made, then and In that OEM the
■aid #> ■ ■n 1 ohall be collected and paid Into the
city and county treasury by said clerk as llqul-
fiated damages for Fuch failure and neglect.
Blanks furnirJied by the clerk.
The board reserves the right to reject all
bid If the public good so .require.
JNO. A. RUSSELL, Clerk. 1
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS
For Materials for Repairs to Streets,
CLERK'S Office. Hoard of Supervisors, San
Francisco. November 2S. 1R99.
In accordance with Resolution No. 1730
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors,
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received In
ot'en *4>F*!on of the Board of Supervisors on
WEDNESDAY AFTERNOON, December «.
JS99. from 2:5? to 3 o'clock, for furnishing and
delivering the following materials, at euch
times and places on the water front (except
where otherwise provided), as may be required
and designated by the Superintendent of Pub-
lic Streets, etc.. and his successor in office,
from December 1. 1599. to December 1, ISOO,
for repairs to public streets, to the satisfac-
tion of the Committee on Public Streets,
Highways and Squares, the Superintendent :
cf Public Streets and his puccessor in office.
LUMBER— Of the best quality Oregon pine |
and redwood, assorted sizes, as may be re-
quired from time to time, to be delivered at
the lumber yard of the successful bidder In
this city and county at such times and in
Mich quantities as may be required.
CALIFORNIA BASALT BLOCKS-Best j
quality, to be not less than 3*i nor more than 1
4- s in >< In thickness and not less than 7 :
inches In depth, and not less than 8 nor more ]
than 12 Inches In length, well squared and
free from all Bawa, sap and bunches. Said
blocks to be delivered In such quantities and
at such times and plact-H on the water front
as may be required and designated by the
Superintendent of Public Street*. Highways
and Squares.
O RAVEL— To be of good quality beach
gravel, free from sand and dirt.
BRICK— Hard-burned, of the best quality
of clay.
' PORTLAND CEMENT-Of the best quality.
which, after being mlx<-d one week, must show
a tensile strength of 300 pounds to the square
inch, to be delivered at the place of business
of the Fuccessful bidder.
NOTlCE— Bidders will estimate with th»
understanding that bid* will be entertained
only frum the partlo* known to be regular
dealers In the material required, and that the
Board of Supervisors Intends to award sepa-
rately .each kind of material required to the
■owest responsil ' bidder therefor, and bid-
ders will state a price for lumber by the 1000
feet, for basalt blocks and bricks by the 1000.
gravel by the ton, and cement by the barrel
for each of the several kinds, and must fur-
nish a sample of basalt stone, which th. pro-
pose to furnish, to the Committee on Streets,
before the contract for blocks is awarded.
The bidde: - will be required to deposit with
the Clerk of th« Board of Sui>ervlsors a certi-
fied cherk drawn to the order of raid clerk.
ui>on pome bank In the City and County of
San Francisco, in the sum of .me thousand
($1000) dollars In gold coin, conditioned if the
proposal Is accepted and the contract award-
ed, a:. 1 If the bidder shall rail or neglect to
pay the printing charges, execute the con-
tract and give the bond required within six
1 a after the award Is made, then and In
that case the said sum shall be paid Into the
City and County Treasury by said Clark as
liquidated damages for such failure and neg-
lect.
The Superintendent of Public Streets and
hi* successor in office will be required to re-
port Immediately to the Board of Supervisors
any failure upon the part of the contractor to
perform any of the covenants on his part In
said contract contained, and upon receipt of
such notification the Board of Supervisors
•hall terminate said contract, and the same
shall absolutely cease and determine.
NOTICE Bidden will estimate with the
distinct understanding that the party or par-
tie* to whom a contract Is awarded for each
kind of material will be required, prior to or
at the time of the execution of the contract
to pay • fifth the cost Of advertising this
notice in three daily newspapers; also, that
the further right Is reserved by the Board of
Supervisors to terminate the contract at any
time if the party or parties to whom the same
shall be awarded shall not perform the work
to the entire satisfaction of the Superintend-
ent of Public Streets, his successor In office
: and the Board of Supervisors.
The Beard reserves the right to reject all
bid* If the public good so require.
Blank proposals furnished by the Clerk.
JNO. A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
of San FrancUco. State of California.— ln the
matter of Occidental Beet Sugar Company, a
corporation, upon its application for a Judg-
ment of dissolution.— Notice No. 70.422
Notice i. hereby given that OCCIDENTAL
BEET SUGAR COMPANY, a corporation or-
ganized and existing under and by virtue of
• the laws of the State of California, and hav-
ing its office and place of business In the city
and county of San Fran, laoo State of Cali-
fornia, >jts filed a verified application ad-
dressed <f the Super! Court of the city and
county ST San Francisco. State of California,
which application is signed by a majority of
toe Board of Directors, praying for a Judg-
ment of dissolution of said corporation, and
that Friday. December 22nd. ISH9. at 10 o'clock
a. m . at the courtroom of said court. De- !
partment Number wo. In the City Hall of
the City and County of San Francisco, have
been appointed as the day. time and place for
the hearing of said application.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my ,
hand and affixed the official seal of said Su- '
perior Court, this 2<»th day of November. ll»»
l ?. Mll i^, WM - A - DEANE. Clerk.
By JOSEPH RIORDAN. Deputy Clerk.
Endorsed: Filed November 20. 18?». WM'
A. DEANE. Clerk. By JOSEPH RIORDAN.
Deputy Clerk.
■Wim MACHINES A.YD SUPPLIES.
t: MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: hone Mint 45.
AIX kinds bought. soM. exchanged, rented; re.
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth Pt.
STORAGE KM) WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Mo^lnT~Co~
Office. 401 Port St.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713
CALA. Storage Warehouse F. SMITH. Prop
712 Mission: roe<4* guaranteed; tel. Clay 16. '
WATCH REPAIRING.
WATCHES cleaned 75c: guaranteed I yearT
The Roy Jewelry and Optical Co.. 840 Ke»my
MARRIAGE LICENSES. ~
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Louis Miller and I#>ima Engel JB-3S
W. .Me Meyer an.l Eveline J. Sprague
Edward Kamrn and Frlederlcka Fischer.. ..ss-19
j Walter C. Farnham and Mary E. Scott 21-22
[ J. A. Sellman and Amanda S. Magnuson.. 32-29
, Isidore Losselle and Berthe Arricaut 14-24
Ant..|n>- I'aUlet and Amelia Schabiague . 24-18
Steven 11. Ehret and Ada J. Hillhouse 2J-I<*
j William c Smith and Antoinette Ralne . 30-»0
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
I mall will not be Insert ed They must be handed
, in at elthrr of the publication offices and be
Indorsed n-lth the name and residence of per-
1 sons authorised to have the same published.
BORN.
BLATER— In this city. December L ISM, to
the wife of Joseph Blayer. twin sons.
JACOBSEN— In thin city. December 1. 1895, to
the wife of Henry P. Jacobcen, a daughter.
McCALLUM— In this city, December 1 ig»* to
th« wife of John H. McCallutn. a daughter.
——————
MARRIED.
DOS SANTOS— ROOERS— In this city. Novem-
ber 77, 18S8, by Thomas F. Dunn. Justice of
the Peaoa. Jose Ferrelra doe Santos and
Anna O. Rogers, both of Fresno. Cal.
EISENBERG— MILLER— In this city. Novem-
ber 30. I***, by the Rev. Dr. J. Nleto, Henry
Eleenberg and Lottie Miller.
HEINEMANN— SNOW— In this city. November
30. 18*9. at the residence of the bride, by the
Rev William Rader. Fred Charles Helne-
mann of, Berkeley, i"al.. and Edith Snow of
i Ban Francisco.
HIGOINBOTHAM— TOWNS— In this city. No- I
vember M, UN, by the Rev. T. H. Woodward
assisted by the Rev. W. 8. Unny. William P
Hlgglnbotham and Lucy A. Towns.
MOORE— ORGAN— In this oity. November 10
W9». by the Bar. William Rader. Harry j'
Moore and Daisy E. Organ, both of San Fran-
cisco.
DIED. ~~
Campbell. Annie Rothschild. Anita
Feder. Isldor Russell. Joseph B.
Fennell. Winifred Ryan. James
Hopper. John E. Sherrett, George
Jacubsen (Infant) Tyson. Su-Ela
Mahan. Mary 'Wilson. Peter
Mlllmann. Fred Zuhlke. Katie
Reed. John J.
CAMPBELL— In this city, December 1, 18M.
Annie, beloved wife of Daniel D. Campbell,
arid mother of James, Frances and Robert
Campbell, a native of County Meath. Ire-
land, aged 4' years.
FEDER— In Oakland, November 30. 1E99, Isldor '
Feder. beloved husband of Vetta Feder. and
rather of Mrs. M. Levy, a native of Wltkan-
wo. Germany, aged 6S years 1 month and 17
days.
£7Notlce of funeral hereafter.
FKNNELL— In this city, November tl. 1499 !
"Winifred, beloved wife of William Fennell
I and sister of Mrs. O. H. Elliott. Mrs. Thomas
Brocks and Charles P.. William H. and the
late John Jo»ei.h Gibbons, a native of County
HuKComraon. Ireland, aged IS years. (Gal- i
veston, Texas, papers please copy.)
C 7 Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day !
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 441 Fair Oaks street, thence to St,
til NKY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagmn A Oall\tn«->,
r"NERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERB.
Hi Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South M.
mMmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmammmmtmmmmmmim
N. F. I*ethlefsen. Chas. H. Jacob.
CM AS. it. JACOB & CO..
Funeral Directors and Embalmers, 311
Mason street, between Geary and C/Far-
j rvll streets. Telephone, Main £213.
HIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 2, 1899.
J«n-.es Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
HOPPER— In this city. November 29. 1599, John
Edward, beloved husband of Agnes Hopper,
and father of John and Henry Hopper and
Mrs. Cactaln William Randall, a native of
Montreal, Canada, aged «4 years.
K7Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 642 Pennsylvania avenue, between
Twenty-first and Twenty-second streets. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery. Please omit
flowers.
JACOBSEN— In this city. December 1, 1899. In-
fant daughter of Henry P. Jacobsen.
MAHAN— In this city. November 30, ISSJ, Mary,
beloved wife of Joseph Mahan. daughter of
the late Michael Aid Margaret Dalton. and
sister of William and Kate Dalton. Mrs. R.
O'Connor and the late John P. Dalton. a na-
tive of San Francisco.
C FFlianda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
1 Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from her late real-
dence. 319 Fillmore street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose Of her
■ ml, commencing at 10:30 o'clock. Interment
Mount calvary Cemetery.
MILLMANN— In this city. December 1. ISM.
Fred Mlllmann, a native of Germany, aged
61 years.
REED— At Reeds Station, Marin County, De-
cember 1. >•..... John Joseph Reed, beloved
husband of Carlotta Reed, and father of John
P. and Clotilda Reed, a native of the Presi-
dio of San Francisco, aged £2 years 6 months
and If, days.
t-*"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
ROTHSCHILD— In this city. November 30. 1899,
Anita, beloved daughter of Mrs. Rebecca and
the lute Henry Rothschild, and Bister of Miss
Roue. Fred and Henry Rothschild, a native of
San Franc aged 6 years and 20 days.
t/Tfcf funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
her mother, 815 Polk street, between Ellis and
O*FmrralL Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
RUSSELL— In this city, December 1. 1999. Jo-
seph E.. beloved son of Margaret and the late
John Russell, and brother of S. D.. Frank,
George E. and Charles Russell and Mrs. Wil-
liam Doyle, a native of Mayfleld. Cal., aged 23
years lv months and 4 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
December 4, at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his mother. Menlo Park, thence to
the Catholic Church, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment at Menlo Park.
RYAN— In this city. December L 1899. James
Ryan, beloved husband of Margaret Ryan.
and father of Thomas Ryan, a native of Ire-
land, aged &2 years and 8 months.
EHERRETT-In this city. November 29. ISM.
George, beloved husband of Kate Sherrett.
son of Thomas and Julia Sherrett. and
brother of Daniel T.. William and Lena Sher-
rett. a native of San Francisco, aged 25
yenrs.
CJ' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at R:SO o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 434 Twenty-ninth street, thence to St.
Paul's Church. Twenty-ninth and Church
streets, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing
at I o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
TYSON— In this city. December 1. 1599. at her
residence. «14A Powell street. Su-Ela. be-
loved daughter of Jacob and Susan Tyson.
and sister of Charles, Frances. Warren.
Jnm-s and Raymond Tyson and Mrs. J.
Morchlo. a native of Son Francisco, aged 21
years 3 months and IS days. A member of
Fremont Parlor No. 59. N. D. G. W.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the' parlors of
the California Undertaking Company. 403
Powell street, near Post. Remains can be
viewed at the parlors of the California Un-
dertaking Company this day and Sunday. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
WILSON— In this city, November 30, 1893,
Peter, dearly beloved husband of Rosanna
Wilson, and father of Frank. Harry. Albert
and Josephine Wilson, a native of Stockholm.
Sweden, aged II years. (Stockholm. Sweden.
papers please copy.)
C7FTlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at : o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1u24V4 Bryant street, between Eighth
and Ninth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
Z>riU.KK In this city. December 1. 1599. Katie
Zuhlke, beloved wife of George Zuhlke, and
daughter of J. B. Price, a native of Balti-
more. Ml. aged 40 yrars and 1 month, (Bal-
timore papers please copy.)
C7The. funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth Interment pri-
vate.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
M P Stansbury Cal W S Baker, Portland
E C Dunn. Chicago Mrs F II Dray Pacto
G Gray. ■ 'K*en A Hebbron. Salinas
L Child*. San Jose W H Buck A w Cal
O W Pushing, S Lake J W Baxter, Cal
G Cochran. Berkeley Kate Haggerty. Cal
P W Hall. Berkeley ;Lou HofKerty. ral
L Kaarsberg. Berkeley Mrs A D Campbell.Cal
W \V Smith, Berkeley . I D McGllerey *wVal
J Hopper. Berkeley C- E Hodges Aw. Cal
I. Womble, Berkeley 'J arrack Sao to
C ■brand &m. Cal E M Carr Pinole
It S Young. Cal II V Rosslter, Cal
II j Curry *w. Cal F W Bennett. Cal
F O McLean. Cai 8 T H lde n «l w. Cal
•O T -iward Aw. HE li Wen, Napa
I Staten Island I' ? lien. Napa
I A X Wllliver. Cal L Armstrong, Napa
M Gulnan. Denver \H kfqrrts, Stockton
O R Schllcht & w. jH De Mack. Phila
Denver 'M E I "alley, S Jose
W P Dlckson. Tacoma E T Guild P Alto
W A Newton A w. 11l Q H Anderson. Cal
W Torrance. N York J F Wilson A w San
J M Gilbert. New York Salvador
G L McLynn, Or J M Williams, !' 8 A
A II Holgate. Berkeley B Heywood. Palo Alto
C B Shaver. Seattle M J Platte, Cal
F B Dal/, Cal J C Campbell.Nev City
Mr A Mrs J B Me- Miss M Hurlburt, Pal
un», Boston A L Wallace. Oakland
C G Bartlett i w, L A X C Monti Oakld
3 C Conking. 8 Jose IB H Webster.O Valley
PALACE HOTEL.
D F Toxler. Cal |W Wright, Stanford
G C Bowman, Stanfrd!G M Brommet, Pt.vi'rl
1L T Wright. Shasta H A Campbell StanM
M Mentere. Shasta F W Bancroft. Bl in:ra
H l 1l 1 atcafain, Toronto F B»>ltch. Stanford
A FJo:ies, Cal )" Sanford. Oakland
! Mrs A FJones. a | D McLaren, Berkeley
H Brady, Berkeley D C Hatch. Stanford
Mrs W H Wyman, Can J C Mulr. Stanford
H I' Bradley. Cal ;H I. Mowtaofl Stanfrd
E B Bradley. Cal |R W Thompson. Stan'
t E R King. Berkeley I) G Franklin. Herkly
j C Dunphy. Mlllbrae O Dlbley. Berkeley
I B Jackson, Cal S Thompson Yokoham
Mr* M Jackson. Cal Mrs S Thompson, Yok
J 11 Wolf. Cal W It MacKenxle. Pud
H Lcrrance. S Jose B C Land r.l X H
II D Kiel, Cal .1 S Jepson. N V
Mrs M D Kiel. Oil JW H Green. Arizona
B Springer. Palo Alto J McGlnnls. Montana
B L Spence, c l Mi- J MrGlnnla. Mont
J Kullman. C*l .1 B Seakes, . s Crux
X B Mitchell Jr. Cal W Hanson. Redwood
D 8 Gllmore. Cal Mrs a Hanson. c a i
E J \Vor,<lburn, Cal I Misses Tolflll. L Gatos
J E Johnson. Stanfrd J W Boyd, Vancouver
C M Wilson. Stanford ,\v Watt*. Stanford
L I tsnn'-nbaum. c l Capt C Nelson. c a i
A M Carpenter. a i Mrs iv McMnhon cc a l
F H Gamble. Cal I Miss M M Mahon Cal
\V H Henry. Stanford! C A Cant well Stanford
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
R Barkley. Salt Lake C S Hicks, Vallelo
J C Ellis. Modesto P Martin. Stockton
J Anderson, Modesto E Holman. Los Gatoa
P F Tlghe. Merced J J Pedersen, Alameda
N Anderson, N York L H Lamm, San Jose
A Galtardo, Chicago "W I" Miles. Sacto
E F Harris. Stockton C S Noyes. Bonora
A W Bowman, Cai J Henderson. Cal
J M Josephs, Cal J G Bode. Mayneld
C R Hanson. Sunol IJ S Lewis * w Cal
F E Johnson, Cal i
BOSCOWS DIVORCED.
Granting of the Deere* Recalls Spicy
Stories of Their Differences.
OAKLAND, Dec. I.— A decree of divorce
was granted oy Superior Judge Ellsworth
late this afternoon In the suit of William
A. Boscow against his wife. Amelia A.
Boscow, brought on the ground of ex
trome cruelty. The custody of the three
children— Pearl. < trace and Ethel, aged 12
9 and 6 years respectively— is awarded
to the defendant until the further order
of the court, and Mr. Boscow is directed
to pay her $9 a week for their mainte
nance and support.
The domestic troubles of the lioscows
date back only a few months, at a time
when Dr. H. Anderson occupied rooms
at their residence In East Oakland.
Rumors floated about Mr. Moscow's ears
to the effect that his wife had become
i enamored of their star boarder. As a
result the husband complained bitterly
to his wife. A controversy followed, and
the wife threatened to sue for divorce
However, Dr. Anderson quitted his rooms
, and moved to another part of town. Bos
cow, who is manager of the Excelsior
, Redwood Company, afterward created a
mild sensation by declaring openly that
his wife was under the hypnotic influ
ence exercised by Dr. Anderson, who later
1 was arrested on a charge of practicing
', medicine without a license. At tho doe
' tor's trial It developed that the only
medical treatment he had ever extended
' to Mr. Boacow was once when the latter
was very ill the doctor had bathed his
enemy's : feet. Shortly after the contro
versy the Boscows kissed and made up
but their happiness wan brief, and soon
the husband filed the divorce suit
Schmidt's Second Trial.
OAKLAND, Dec. I.— The second trial of
Jncob O. Schmidt, charged with an ns
eault with a deadly weapon In threaten
ing to shoot his mother-in-law. Mrs H
M. Meinert, at her home in East Oak
land last September, was commenced to
day before a Jury In Judge Hall's court.
At the former triaJ the Jury diaa*n-eed.
REAL ESTATE MARKET QUIET
FOOTBALL games and turkey dln
n. r* received rather mor.e attention
from the public during the pant
w^ek than real estate transactions,
but this was to be expected, and
the broken are more than satisfied
with the situation. No exceptionally
large Bales have \<>-<n reported during the
closing week of November, and those best
informed on the subject say that no large
Bales should bu looked fyr now until after
the holidays. This is of course by no
means a prophecy and the prediction may
)>e upset before the end of the coming
week, as it is known that MTenU big
deals are being negotiated and arc liable
to be consummated any day. Still the
market is usually quiet during the holi
day period and there appears to be no
special reuaon why an exception should
be noted this year.
Shalnwald. Kucknee & Co. report tho
following i- cant aaJec:
Carrera rasidanca on the northeast cor
ner of Spruce und NVasninyton itl
lot 22V»x100, to JudKe J. K. Aitkln D
j 000; lot on the north line oj Washington
street, 1774 feet •••t of Spruce, 50x:. (
to Oustave Arnold for J^Ou; lot un the
! north line of Washington street, 124 feet
j east of Mai>le, 00 feet by an Irregular
il<|tth. to lira. OIIV4 H. (Jra.-. for *7.*k>i;
, lot on the weal line "f Devlsadero itreet,
63\» feet south uf Broadwar, 0t".:3 ; 5x1.{7:6,
to William Wilson (or ttt,ooo; lot and nn
provements at 22\~ Van Ncsa avenue, lot
27x120, to Mr>. C. 1-. liask-11 for HMO.
Th c old l 'r. W. F. M< Nutt resldenca on
i the north side of Bush street, t»l :8 feet
, west of Mason, 45x137:6, with an "L" of
, 7 feet through to Mason street, has been
i sold to L. H. Sly for |HJM. O. D. Bald
. win represented the purchaser and
Hooker & Lent th.' si 1U r The latu-r
firm has also sold the following property:
1 Lot on the soutn side of « >:ik street, east
of Shrader. 25x137:6. to P. F. Kohnke,
I owner of the adjoining property, for QSOO;
and three flats on the couth side of Mc
i Alllster street, 137:6 feet west of Lyon, to
J. Frank Walters for $
'' 1). Baldwin has recently sold the fol
, lowing property: House and lot on the
west side of Howard Street^Bfl fret .south
of Twenty-fourth, lot suxllu, for 18600:
, house and lot. 25x100, on the west sid.- ol
So. in street. 57:6 feet north of Gro\
19000; lot 90x100. "ii tii* west lin.- of Ouer
\ rero street, 54 feet north of Liberty, $:m<hj;
i lot on the east line of Van N*-!<s avenue,
92:6 feet north of Lombard, 10x10, fur $L'7w,
ami the lot on tin- Mouth side of Clay
; street. 87:6 feet eatU of Maple for $1500.
Mr. Baldwin also negotiated the sale of
the property on tho northwest corner of
Eddy and Taylor streets, purcha^. >1 of
\V. fc. Deanc by Mrs. M. A. Skelly, for
which was by mistake credited last
k to ThomaJ Hagi a & Sons.
The report thnt ihe two nfty-vara lots
OB Main and Si" -ar str-«-ts, between Hiir
rlpon and Polsotn, which were reported
sold by Janus V*. Coleman to ihe
Pc Railroad for 161,000 a week ago, is said
■ by the tjrokt-r arno negotiated tin- .>-ai- to
!••• Incorrect; that the lots wore pur.
. ; rivate party. The rumor wtli not
down, however, and it is assarted that
whoever the present holder may be thi
rty will ;-"•.!! be numbered among
Bseta of the railroad.
William I who has purchased
the Wormser property, consisting of a
three-btory brick building on the nouth
west roii.. r of Battery ami Halleck
for which h« paid about 146,000,
aras In the negotiations by A.
T, (men. Madison & Burke represented
-■ tier.
i be property on the northeast corner of
Twenty-sixth and Valencia streets. coo>
si.-tiiiK of a lot H7:*x'">s. with Improve
ments, has been purchased by E. A. Wol
<-..U fir |M
If rs. I told to John F. Boyd the
\TS. with three-story frame building,
on the aoui let ot Fifth an.l n.i
toma atreeta for $::
The German Savings and Ix>an Society
ltd to Hu^li McCrtun th»- F. Wlttrarn
■ M ( orner of Cal-
If.rnlu and Middle streets, lot 36x87:6. for
KiKht new building contracts njrgTOKat
liiK 1.'.1.ir.v in value wire fll.-.l for record
ilurltiß the past week. The lartc
■ " M i hat of John <5. anil
Agues M. Agar with Mahony Bros, f
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
D. V. B. Henarfe to Louis B. Radiresky. lot
en N line of Halcht street. 82:« W of Brodertck.
W 65 : v N 137. a!*., all furniture, etc., per
sonal property In dwelling house on Bald prop
erty, quitclaim deed, $5.
William W. Whltely to George T. Jepson. lot
on W line of Ban Carlos avenue (Jessie), &5 &
of Twentieth, 8 a by W 75: $1600.
Thomas F. HuKrrly to Mary A. Hagerty. lot
on N line of Liberty street. 180 E of Dolores,
also 220 ■ of Twentieth. X BO by N 114; (rift.
tame to fame, lot on X line of Sanchez street.
57 M of Twenty-first. N 67 by E 105; also lot on
X line of Twenty-first street, 186 E of Sanchez,
■ M by M 114. gift.
E. S. Van Meter to Louis E. and Frances
Erbe, lot on N line of Hill street, 205 E of Cas
tro. E 25 by N 114; »<►».
Thomas and Helen C. Magee to Thomas Ma
ge* Jr.. tot on S line of Ellis street. 75 \V of
Powell. W 100. 8 110. E SO. N 20:6. E 20. N M:6.
quitclaim deed: $1.
John D. OLeary, Margaret F. Harvey
(O'l^ary. wife of William 11 >. Anne M..
Emma and William O'Leary. Alena or Elena
O'Connor (wife of Jeremiah C), Sarah J.
Berkeley (wife of T. G.). Lillle Leon (wife of
Manuel S > to Anna K. M.-Inure (wife of A.
It 1 lot on SE corner of Jones and Cottage
place, also 77 : C Bof Post. S3sby I 90:6; $10.
Ceas A Mercer to Mary C Fallen (wife of
Frank J.). all Interest In lot on NE corner of
Kilt* and en worth streets, E 137:6 by N
137:6; $10.
William C. Mercer to Dennis J. Mercer, all In
terest In same; $10.
Elizabeth A. Dohrmann to Nathan P. Batch
elder, lot on E line of Forty-first avenue, 223 B
of O street. E 120 by ■ 10; 18. \
Joseph W. and Kate C. Clark to Annie L.
WrlKht (wife of John W.), lot on HE line of
London meet, 100 NE of ItusHla, KB id by 8E
100. block 11. Excelsior Homestead: $10.
Matthew J. and Margaretha Kerrigan to Nar
clsse and Enilltenn.- Simon, lot on NW line of
Palmer street. 12< NE of Mljfuel. NX • by NW
7S. lot 3. block 14. Falrmount; JSSO.
William Fuller Tufts and Llna P. Tufts to
Matthew C. Nunan. lot on W line of W;i>hln«
ton avenue. 375 X of T'recita place, S 25 by W
110. Preclta Valley lands; $10.
M C. Nunan to Timothy Callahan, same;
$1600.
Gerhard Boese to Lena Boss*, lot on TV line
of Ellsworth street. 250 8 of Lincoln. S 60 by
W 70. lots 337 and 339. nift Map I; gift.
Charles F. and Carrie Martin to John C
Spencer, lots 751, 753, 70S. 763 to 768, Gift Map 8;
$10.
Alameda County.
Emelte A. Trlpler to Tallant Banking Com
pany of San Francisco, lot on TV corner of
East Nineteenth street and Ninth avenue. NTV
800 SW M SE 160. 8W 100, SE 150. NE 150.
to beginning being a portion of block 107. Clin
ton. East Oakland: $10.
Emily Hughes to Frederick Oantner, lot on
TV line of Hubbard (or Hannah) street, 125 3
of Thirty-second (or A), 8 50 by TV 133. portion
of lot 9. block O. Lands Peralta Homestead
Association subject to mortgage. Oakland; $10.
Timothy Ellsworth to Homer T. Blckel. lot
on N line of West Tenth street. 166:6 TV of
Adeline TV 60 by N 118:3. block 563. Oakland;
$10-
Manuel Lopes to Su*an Lopes, lot on NE
line of East Sixteenth street. 79 NW of Twelfth
avenue (formerly Park street). NW 37. NE 100,
BE 10. SW 21. SE 27. SW 7?. to beginning of
block BS. Clinton. East Oakland; gift.
F. B. and Mary C. Toakum to David H. Cun
ningham lot on SW corner of Nineteenth and
Grove streets, W 100 by 27:6. block. 2h«. Oak
lit.li'-: $10.
Indiana Wayne to Cosmopolitan Mutual
Building and Loan AHSociatlon. lot on TV line
of Union street, 275 N of Twenty-eighth. N 25
by TV 115. being portion of lot 10. block I. Map
of Lands of Peralta Homestead Association.
Oakland: $10. „,
F. N. Handy to W. M. Whitney lota 1. 2, 23
and 42 on Map of Subdivision of Lake Merritt
Park, excepting and reserving from lot 1 that
portion lying directly In front of lot 7, being
portion of lot 1. Rldgewood. East Oakland: $10.
Eliza J. and J. W. Bard n to Julia M. Wag
enrt. wife of H. TV., lot on NE line of East
Twenty-second street. 120 Nw of Twenty-fifth
avenue. NW 32.41 by NE 100. belns lot 9. block
G. ham Terrace, East Oakland; $10.
Henry D. Gage to H. D. Fenton. lot on 8
line of Knox avenue. 49 TV of Telegraph avenue.
TV 40.18. S 153.20, E 40. N 149.64 to beginning,
being lot 18. Knox Park. Oakland; $10
Edward P. Flint to L. H. Brings, lot on NE
line of Perry street. 255.54 SE of Oakland 1
avenue. 8E 70. N 116.684. NW to a point. SW to
beginning, being portion lots 7 and 8. block
J. Flint Tract No. 4. Oakland: $10.
Ann McDougall to California Fruit Canneri.'
Association, lot on E line of Filbert street.
78:9 N of First. N 30:8. E 73. SW 30:9. TV 67:7
to beginning, being lot 11. block 441. Oak
land; $10. '•jV-ii'i 1
Frederick J. Hund and Christopher Heinz
(executors of the estate of Elizabeth)! Metzger>
to Charles A Appeldorn. lot on NE corner of
Grov# and Fecond streets. N 100 by E 75. being
lots 1 to 4. block 21. Oakland: $ISSO.
Alexander Ferguson to Home Security Build-
Ing and Loan Association, lot on NW. line of
Over street, 125 SW of Pennlman avenue, SW
60 by NW 100. being lots 10 and 11. block 4 Al
lendale Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10
Joseph and Harriet Westall to*Augunt Llg
nell. lots 65 to «S. block A. Westall Tract
Brooklyn Township: $10.
Hugh and Anna 8. Hogan to M rev Shields
lot 12, Orchard Tract. Brooklyn Township: $300'
Teresa Zehren (wife of TV.) to Gottlieb Bader'
• lot. on SB line. of Twenty-third, avenue. ISo 21
BW of Ea«t Twenty-third street. SW 26 by SB
erection of a two-story and basement
brick building on the west line of Mason
street. 62: C feet north of Turk, for $34,600.
The next largest was that of the estate
of Alfred T. Moss with C. If. Depew for
two separate dwellings, each of two
stories and attic, on the west line of Sev
enth avenue, BE feet north of Lake street,
for $4300. ' Joseph Goetz contracted with
O. E. Brady & Son for alterations and ad
ditions to make a three-story brick build
ing on the east line of Stockton street. 81:3
feet south of Clay, for $4100. The other
contracts of the week ranged in value
from $1142 to $2570.
Savings banks, building associations and
private capitalists loaned an aggregate of
1156,935 on local real estate security dur
ing the week ending November 25. The
total amount loaned for. the previous week
was 1622,000. The savings banks last week
loaned a total of $12'J,i'.50. as follows: Hl
bernla. $54,500: German. $24,700: San Fran
cisco Bavinn Union. $2250: Savings and
Loan, $2000; Humboldt. $15,200. and Mutual,
ROM. The loans of the building associa
tions amounted to $25*."> and those of pri
vate capitalists and others were $24,785.
The bulk of the money put out by the
savings banks last week was at 6 per cent.
The Hlbernla made one loan of $23,000. No
other loan exceeded 18000. Business for
the week was quite light. Releases were
$155,275, or practically the same amount
as loaned out, so there was little new
money lodged against this form of se
curity.
Lyon & Hoag.'the new firm of real es
tate brokers, which has opened an Office
at 114 Montgomery street, nave placed on
the market a half block of land south
of the park bounded by J and X streets
and Ninth and Tenth avenues.. The tract
includes twenty-five lots and the hind
has been trailed to the official grade;
the street work is all done. Both mem
bers of the firm were recently In the
employ of Baldwin & Howell and have
had ample experience to justify them in
branching out for themselves.
A. E. Buckingham, who recently took
charge of the Callahan estate, has about
completed arrangements to offer to the
public the half block bounded by II and
I streets and Eleventh and Twelfth ave
nues. The block, which fronts Golden
Gate Park, has all been graded and me
streets and sidewalks macadamized.
There are also on this block ten houses
built and occupied. From the next block—
663— it is proposed to grade down the hill
and fill up block MO, thereby getting the
two adjacent blocks ready for sale in the
near future.
Active operations have been begun re
moving the old two-story brick building
on the caat side of Battery .Ureet, Ju.»t
south of California, to make way for the
new structure to be built by Levl Strauss
& Co.
The concrete contractors of this city
have formed an association for mutual
protection and have elected the following
officer?: President, EL Gray; vice presi
dent. C H. Carillon; secretary, H. Good
man: treasurer, George Wetmore. A com
mittee has r.een formed to frame by-la ,vs
consisting of Messrs. H. Gray, 11. Good
man, George Goodman, M. Keating.
George WVtmore, Charles Carillon and
1.. M. Zimmerman.
A. Aronson intends to improve the prop
erty on the southeast corner of Post and
Jones streets by the erection of a five
story brick and frame building to cost
about $45,000.
Easton, Etdridge & Co. will hold a regu
lar auction sale of city property at their
salesroom. 08 Market street, on Tuesday,
December 12, at noon. The catalogue con
tains a large line of selected property, in
cluding a Taylor street investment, fire
closure sale on Tehnma street, Western
Addition fiats. investment on Mint ave
nue. Twentieth street cottage, foreclosure
sale on Clay street, near Central ave
nue, a Richmond lot on Second avenue,
near Point Loboa avenue; a Western Ad
dition corner at Devisadero and Bush
streets.* residence and lot at Sanchez and
Twenty-first streets; business property at
3508 Mission street, near Brcok; and a
West End homestead lot on the county
road near Olive street.
The Daily Pacific Builder Is preparing
to get out a ppwlol New TfRr 1 !! edition
containing a complete review of the
building In Ban Francisco, Alameda. Ma
rin, Santa Clara and San Mateo counties
during the past year and also a general
review of building on the entire Pacific
Coast during the year. The number will
also contain Illustrated articles and some
special features.
150. being lot 8. block C. Map of Subdivision of
Heald Twenty-third Avenue Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $1«.
The McCarthy Company (a corporation) to
Joseph and Marie J. Meyer, the S one-half
of lot 8 In Subdivision K. Frultvale Terminal
Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
San Francisco Savings Union to James Addl
son. lot m N line of Eagle avenue M E of
Willow street. X 42 by N ISO. block 12. lands
adjacent to Encinal. Alamedn; $23C0.
James and Elizabeth 11. C Addlson to R. M.
Welch, lot on 8 line of Clement (or Atlantic*
avenue 60 E of Willow street. E 30 by 8 150
block IS. same. Alameda: $23:0
William H. ttaaa to Lillle B. Bndgman lot
en t, line of Boote avenue. 150 S of Virginia
street. S M by ■ 170. being lot 2. block 23. Da
ley • Scenic Park Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Charlotte A. Morgan to Benjamin Bangs, lot
en I. line of Shattuck avenue. 302 <• of Alcatras
avenue, thence E with an Interior angle or »3
degrees 15 minutes on «5 line of Shattuck ave
nue »3C:3 to center o: itaclne street, thence S
with an Interior angle on SW of SI d>gi 1 U
minutes with the last described course 2903
thence TV parallel with r.rst describe.l course'
forming an Interior angle on the NTV of «S de
grees 11 minutes, 857:9 to 1: line of Shattuck
$4<> nUe ' thence N :60:^» t0 t^rlnnlng. Oakland;
George TV. and Harriet A. Kmm .ns and Sadie
L. Oarrutt to Mary L. Cluness. wife of TV It
lot on NE corner of Union street and Clinton
avenue. N 75 by I 14$. block 14, Amended Map
Hartlett Tract. Alameda; $7000 p
Charles L. and Annie 8. Taylor to P. A. John
son, lot on I line of Railroad avenue. 32 ■ of
Mlnturn street B 31 by ■ 100. being portion of
1 . r? n 3 .11 Of lot 2on Map of Subdivision of
Lot 32. racking Park. Alameda; $10
P. A. Johnson to Sophie P. Johnson, same;
gift. '
Manuel Eno» Sr. to Manuel P. Blanco, lot on
v\ line of Dabner street, 103:4 N of Davis N
41:6 by TV "- •'.. being portlo'h of lot 3. block A
IX^^V Town of san «~» *«>•
A Hannah ,M, M , cCon ll l . to Martin and Oretchen
Albrevht. 1.1 on w line of Central avenue. 25*
8 of Stuart avenue. TV $09 by I 200. beinz
b l? ck Mi Turnbull Tract. Brooklyn Town
ship: $io.
Charles A. and Mary F. LHtlefleld to Georne
K. Van Haltren, lot on B line r Uurel or
rwenty-flfth) street, in \\ ..: Telegraph ™-
n "--, u ~ ' ng lot 17. blotk O K(H.
My Ira. t. OaJcUnd; $10. '
Central I.iui.i Compan» nd J. S. and Mar»
J_ A. Mver» to 1! L Nash, lot on N line of
TMrtv-tlrth , t r- -t. 1-, t k of Market NttM
by o?^. 37:6 being the TV 12:6 feet of lot » and
823 feet Of lot 29. block M. M. , of Propeny
Central Land Company. Oakland.- $10.
■ .ll". ll "' m "» U. TV. 8., Elizabeth J. and Jose
phine M. Hill and Hannah J. Fulton to Oe , %
Can (n -? !-ck,r,. 1,,, on W line of njbirt
street. .6 8 of Twenty-sixth. 8 25 by TV 75
portion lota IS and 20. block K. Map of Northl
em Extension of Oakland. Oakland- $1
Thomas L.. TV. m.. Elizabeth J and J,,«
Phlne M. Hill and Oeorgie Oarr ,nee Looker)
to Hannah J. Fulton, lot on W line of Filbert
str~t. 20:10 8 of Twenty-sixth. 8 25 by W 7?
oortJon lots i 9 and 20, block K. Man of
Northern Extension to Oakland. Oakland: $1.
Elizabeth J. and Josephine M. Hill, ■;e., r
Carr (nee Locker) and Hannah J. Fulton to
Thomas L. Hill, lot on TV line 'of Fllb-rt
street. 60:10 8 of Twenty-sixth street 8 23 ••bv
v- 6 - .^ >rt '°?. lotl ?9? 9 and 2". Wock K. on Man
Of Northern Extension to Oakland. Oakland- $1
Hannah J. Fulton and Georgle Carr (bm
lacker) to Elizabeth J. and Josephine M Hill
lot on S\\ corner of Twenty-sixth and Filbert
streets. S 25:10. TV 75. S 75:2 TV 25 N i"i p
1-- to beginning, portion lots 19 and 20 block
K. Map of Northern Extension of Oakland
Oakland; $1. va*iana.
George J. Curtis to Mary E. Miller lot on N
line of Railroad avenue 150 jr. of Union street
E 21 by N IJS:3«4. Oakland, quitclaim deed lift
Marie C. Thomson (wife of C. M.) to TV U
Main 3. Gibson, lot on NE line of county road
Oakland to San Leandro. 120 NWof Pattern-
avenue. NW 100 by 150. being lots • and 10
block B. Map of Patterson Homestead Associa
tion No. 2. Brooklyn Township; $10
Mary Frances Newman to Ma^rdalena DeoD*
lot on S line of San Jose avenue. 400 E of
Walnut street. E 50 by S 150. being lot 10
Mock P. lands adjacent to Encinal, Alameda;
J2200.
University Notes.
BERKELEY. Dec. I.— Dr. John Fryer,
professor of Oriental languages and lit
erature In the University of California,
will- lecture to-morrow evening 'in the
Y. M. C. A. Auditorium. San Francisco.
The lecture will be the last of a series
of twelve delivered by Dr. Fryer on Chi
nese and Japanese commerce, and its title
will be "The Outlook for American and
European Enterprise in China and
Japan."
• The agricultural department of the
University of California Is planning to
start an experiment station in Tuolumne
County for the purpose of testing the
adaptability of the soil for. raising ap
ples. If successful a full report of the
experiment will be published for the ben
efit of the farmers in Tuoiumne County.
■ ♦ •
Since the sale of alcoholic liquors In
France has been unrestricted, the number
of drinking places has increased, until
now there, Is one saloon for eighty-live In.
habitants. • '.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Ten.
26 Giant Powder Cod KBO j
10 Hawaiian Cool A Sugar 12 1.-, '
15 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar II '■■
28 Hutchlnson 8 P Co 27 25
$1000 Oakland Oaa Hands 108 00
40 Paauhau S P Co 32 00
1180 L' | 3* 103 50
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board— .
20 Alaska Packers' Asm 118 25
20 Giant Powder Con 94 00
50 Giant Powder Con S3 874
10 Giant Powder Con 93 75
\?m Cal Street Hallway 118 00
10 Hawaiian • '. nil & Sugar 9t 25
20 Paauhau Sugar Co J2 00
10 Honokaa Sugar Co 13 60
•J^ ». F " & Electric Co 66 «74
13000 D S 3* 10125
• • _* Afternoon Session.
Board—
280 Equitable Gas 5 75
20 i , aC Gas Imp Co '••• MOO
25 Honokaa Sugar Co 33 25
JsoooLos Angeles Ry 5s ...lo* 73
20 Oceanic 8 8 Co 93 ui
45 Oakland Gas 44 ■
15 8 V Water ... . M SO
10 8 V Water ..1...."1...; . ' »•$ r-u
10 S V Water !...! M a
100 Vlgortt P0wder.....!... 3 J74
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
900 Dominion 40
300 Dominion **" 45
2-10 Home on . "373 00
100 San Luis !!!!!."!. $ «ri,i
Afternoon Session.
Board- *
10 Blue Goose . to 00
700 Dominion 40
1-10 Home Oil '. . .'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.tn 00
100 Pennsylvania Consolidated 100
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE*
Morning Session.
Board—
100 Tidal Wave 115
100 Tidal Wave 2 *}
4W Barker Ranch Oil Co • 1 15
300 Century OH Co 10)
10 Century Oil Co 75
V'> Anaconda 05
100 Anaconda 1 to
100 Anaconda , 115
100 Oakland 3.0
100 Yukon 1 20
250 Yukon " 125
Street—
. 100 Shamrock 100
Afternoon Session.
Board—
300 Tidal Wave 115
100 Caribou \\[" jij
150 Barker Ranch OH Co 1 15
300 Anaconda ] 05
50 Yukon Crude Oil Co t 20
200 ( Yukon Crude OH Co I 23
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the Ban Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning pension.
** Andes l«i Jon Mexican 53
100 Belcher 30 1 100 Mexican . ... 5S
300 8.-st A Belcher. I) 100 Occidental It
400 Best A Belcher. 60 300 Ophlr 1 23
$60 Con Cal & Va..l 0.". W» Potosl 30
JOO Crown Point... 221 100 Ravage 17
100 Gould A Curry. 1» SCO Sierra Nevada. 41
?22 Uould & Curry. 20 400 Union Con 29
100 Hale A Nor.-... 43 300 Yellow Jacket., la
Afternoon Session.
WO Andes 17 _• Mexican 83
.JO Best A Helcher. &5. 75 Mexican €•»
100 B«-st A Belcher. 64: 100 Occidental 14
100 Chollar 24' 400 Ophlr IIS
700 Con Cal A Va..2 35 1 100 Overman IS
600 Con Cal A Va..2 30 100 Savage .. IS
*X) Gould A Curry. 23. 200 Seg Belcher ... 01
l«o Hale A Sore... 42 200 Plerra Nevada. V
JoOJu»t»e« 09 200 Union Con 41
) 10) Mexican (4;
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
**) Be«t A Belcher. 4- MX) Gould a Curry. II
m Best & Belcher. 49 Ml GouM 2 Curry' ii
*w Uest A Belcher. M 100 Gould ft Curry 31
«<*> Best 6. Belcher iH 700 Gould A Curry. 22
SS SS Ac Helrher. m 3'/) Hal* A Norc 44
400 Bent tt Belcher. 84 } 300 Mexican 1$
600 Best A Belcher. 66 ISO Mexican ....'. M
COO «.hall«r.ire Con.. 24 Toe Mexican (1
20w Challenge Con., 25 700 Ophlr IE,
JOO Chollar 33 Moophir .?.::::::iLw
I ICO hollar 25 600 < ii.hlr Itj
450 C C A Va 1 971,' tOO Overman .....I. 17
U6O Con Cal A Va..2 00 210 Potosl 30
&X) C C A Va ■• 024' 200 Savage M
17f>0 Con Cal A Va..2 00 400 Sierra Nevada.. 43
!00 Con Cal A Va..2 10 1300 J«ll»rr Hill 03
6ftO C C A Va... I l«'j jfK> Union Con 41
550 c C A Va 2 174 600 Union Con 40
200 Con fa! A Va..2 20 Mm Union Con 42
■WCCAVa 2 37',! 600 Utah 10
250 Con Cal A Va .2 4) 160 Yellow Jacket.. 20
(60 Crown Point. 21
Afternoon Session.
4*' Be»t A Bel.her 62 M Hale A Norc... 43
300 Bent A Belcher. 51 tot) Mexican (0
SOt Best A Belcher. 60 40rt Mexican 61
JOO Chollar » «•> Mexican 67
400 C C A Va 2 174 2UO Occidental li
160 Con Cal A Va..l 30 200 Ophlr 1 25
M 0 Con Cal A Va..2 IS 2tX> Ophlr 1 20
KO Con Cal A Va.2 20 600 Ophlr 1 174
300 CCA Va 222 600 Potosl 3)
4jjO CCA Va 2 174 2<X> Sierra Nevada.. 49
3/10 Con Cal A Va..J 15 2M Sierra Kevad*.. 44
300 Crown Point.... :2 4M Union Con «]
300 Gould A Curry. 22 300 Uniun Con U
200 Gould A Curry. 21:
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. December 1. 1 p. m
Btd.Ask.| Hi! Ask.
Alpha 04 06 Kentuck 01 03
Alta 0* 07I*dy Waahgtn. — 01
Andes IS 17 Mexican 87 M
Belcher 30 31 Occidental IS 15
Hest A Belcher. 60 61!Ophir lIS 1 M
Bullion 04 07, Overman 17 IS
Caledonia 81 (2, Potosl « 29
Chollar 23 IS Savage 17 19
Challenge Con.. 24 to Scorpion 02 —
Confidence S3 — teg Belcher .... M 07
Con Cal A Va..2 24 2 23 i Sierra Nevada.. 44 4g
Con Imperial .. 01 02 Silver Hill 04 _
Crown Point ... 22 23 St Louis — 06
Exchequer 'l 08 Standard 275 2 >>)
Gould A Curry. 20 21 Syndicate — m
I Hale A Norc... 42 43, Union Con 37 3*
I Julia - 02 Utah . 0$ C 3
I Justice 01 0* Yellow Jacket . IS 21
Discharge of California Rivers,
The sallowin* record of ths estimated dally
discharge of certain California rivers la fur
niabed by J. B. Llpplncott, hyJr .«rai.h«r of th«
United States (Jeologcl'-al Surv«y. On* second
foot equal!* (0 miners' Inches.
TUOMMNE KIVKK AT LA 'iItAX^K
(Second Ft' Canal*— ISM
DATE. I '■
j UM | ISM Mining. Turtock Tot 1
<ov. 1> itt ! JIOO M 0 U~
s'ov. 20 2$ an 14 0 24
tow, 21 32 I 23« i 24 0 2t
<ov. 23 M , 3100 24 0 24
«ov. 23...... 40 ! 1440 14 0 14
<uv. 24 (2 . 1440 24 0 24
s'ov. IS T« 153-) 24 0 14
BAN JOAQIIN RIVER AT HKIt
DATE.
I Second F««t.
ISM. ~im.'
. , .„..
<ov<>mb«r 19 .'.
November 20
November 21
s'ovember 22
<i)V«mbfr 23
v'ovemlier 24
<nv»mli*r 25
2M
.■
BO •
230
2M
1
2SO
7U
B
IM
o»0
74S
610
•40
BACRAMKNT.i RIVER AT JPU.TB FKKKT.
DATE.
I MCOnd Fret.
I uw. | im.
s'ovember 19
November 10
November 21
November 22..
"fovember 21
tuber 24
November 25
432S 16.400
6150 10.400
IMS 14.900
4*» K.lOii
4MB 12.200
4)23 10.100
4700 WO
STANISLAUS RIVER AT oAKt>AI.K
I B^cond Fe«t.
I>ATE.
! im. j im.
November 19 !
S'OVtllll IT 20
November 21
November 22
November 23
«.''.vemb*r 34 ,;
November 25
74
74
74
74
SO
60
74
! 1710
mo
IMO
1200
1123
154)
1200
MO
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Tim** and Heights of High ' and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front, (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-nve minutes later than at Fort Point
the height of tide Is th« tarn* at both places.
BATURDAT. NOVEMBER I.
Bun rises *. M
Bun sets :;;;; 1:7!
Moon rises (new) '.'.'«:'«' p.' in.
J Tlm« ,Tlm»| |Tlm«,
5 Ft. Ft. ft
P L. W H W I. W
2 ... 1:50 1.1 1I:N «.l I:U -i.o
HUL w H W
I ... 0:M— «.« 4:«7 l.j[ 10:44 1.2
Ttm«,
H W|
\ i
L"wj""
-1.
4 ... 1:141 4.7 I:KI
I .. Z:<m 4.» «:M
• ... ::«« I
7 ... 3:«( I I
3.21 11:301 <1 1:41 -II
1.1 12iO— 7:30—1.0
1.0 1 17 57 S:l» —0.7
2.1 z-.y 6.4 »:n»-«.3
J.s| J:Jl|| «■> 10:04 j OS
NOTE— In the above exposition of th- tides
the early morning tides are given In th« left
hand column and the successive tides of th«
day In the order of occurrence as to time Th*
»econd time column gives the second tld« of
the day, the third time column 'the third tld«
and the last or right hand column gives th»
last tide of the day. except when there are but
thre* tides, as *omctlmes occurs. Th« heights
given art In addition to the soundings on the
I nlteii States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the hel«ht.
and then the number given !. subtracted from
th« Jepth given by the charts. The plane of
reference l« the mean of the lower low waters.
Time Bali,
Brunch Hydrograrhl.- Offl.-e T". <t N M»r
nt»' Fvchange. }J»n Krar
■•miter 29. 1599.
The tine Lall on the t-w#rt -w#r o( th^ new Terry
bulldlnic wan droppe.i «• xa ■ -day
1. c.. at noon of ti • . lß> or at S
o'clock p. m.. Green w:
I  '
■ ;»utenant Cmmnn lei
Steamer }[,>:<■;>■
TO Aititivir.
Meamer. I : •*
I "
— — . . r~ 1
Point Ar*n*.... Point A. - > Dee
Coqullle lUver..)nrayi» lltrbor Dee'
Empire jCoos 11xy..? Dee.
Corona San lnr> l>ec.
Coptic Chin* «nj Japan i> r •',
Crescent City... ir»if»nt City I>»c.
Del Norte Cr«ac«nl City i .«.,"•
Ukm- IPujret Sound TVc.'
Ab«rdeen (Pnrtl.in.J \ti*c.
Portland Portland I>ec.
Homer |C*oo» n«y !)<»c.
Willamette .. S.«tt> l>«^.
Aloha. iTlllamook r >••.-.
Walla Wa11a.... Victoria * Push SoundiD«e.
Pomona IHumboldt [D«e.
Wanhtenaw 'T«.- ma .• Dec.
Mackinaw [fVatt!* 't)«o.
J?anl* Seattle \V»e.
Weeott Humboldt D*o.
Samoa liumboldt Dee.
Bontta N«wport THe.
South Portland. Tacoma Dee.
North Fork Mumboldt Dec
Australia ll. n lulu Dec.
Alliance Oregon Ports ;.... Dec
Hanla Ro«a Sun I ■>*<> Dec
Columbia Portland Dec
Welllnrton ... Departure Bay Dec.
!m«tlll» Victoria * Puret Round t>ee.
Han Jone Panama Dee.
Coci Bay 'Newport „.. nee.
Arrata .., ITooa Hay.... Dee.
Orizaba I Vancouver |D«e.
AIM on ... ITtl'imnok ID*e. 1
i
;
I
i
I
■
TO BAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Coot Bay... Newport Dee. 2. »am'Pterll
Queen Viol: Put S.I. Dec. I, 19 am Pier #
Pi. Anna.. Point Arena.. I <*<• _ : 2pm Pt«r 2
H*lman Kg China* Japan Dec. 2. Ipm ['it I
Arcata jCooa Day jDec. 1. 10 am Pier 11
Bute of Cat Portland Dec. 4. 10 am Pier 2l
Corona .... :3an D!*cn (Dec. 4. 11 am Pier 11
Newbur* ..{nrayi lfarbor'D«c. 4. ' pm'
Aberdeen ..Portland !D»c. 4. ( pml
Homer Oremn Port». r*c. 4. lOam.Piert)
r<yjulll» nvflrar* Harbor rye. 8. 5 pro'
jv.tn-ma ... Uumboldt 'inc. t. tpciTlir >
Wacott ....illumboldt »c. C. Ipm I'Jor 1J
On San«....Ch»tiaJt Japan Dec. S, 1 ptn)l'MSM
lionlta Newport I-:. 4. » araiPter 11
Hamoa llumboldt Dec. Mum ivr i
Want Wall Vie a li;: .- : . r-< . 7. in am; Pier »
Curacao ...iMrxlco Dec. T, 1 ■ am Pi-r It
N< rth Fork Hum- Dec. »
Santa Itu-a.s»n Diego !>-:. 8. II *ni J'.t U
San lil*».. I'anamii Dec. a, 12 nVI'MSs
Columbia ..(Portland Dee. ». 1) -»m Pt»r 2*
Albion lTlUamook !•-• i;. Spm'Pitr 2
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Friday. D«c«mber 1.
Hr itmr Coptic. Rlnd«r. 27 days 21 hour* II
minutes from H.ngkong. II day* 47 minute
from Yokohama, ill Honolulu 3 days 1) hour*
ii minute*.'
Stmr Tacoma. Dixon. 13 days from Manila,
via Nagasaki 19 days.
U S ftmr Adam*. Goodwin. 13 (lavs from
Seattle.
lir stmr Robert Adamson, Morgan. ( .!v,< t
hours from Nun..
Stmr Noyo. Johnsoa. 11 hours from Fort
Bngg.
Stmr EUhu Thomson, Whitney. 7 dayi 4 hours
from Comox.
Stmr Ban Pedro. Zaidart. 24 hour* from Eu
i reka. Y. und to San Pedro; . 'it In in land pas-
HDitra.
Stmr State of California. Oace. •• hours from
Portland, via Astoria 47 hours.
Stmr Tlllamook, Anflndaen. 23 hours (m
Eureka.
Stmr Brunswick. Andressen. 27 hours from
Eureka, bound to Newport »B>. with barge
Santa Paula In tow; put In with barg*.
Stmr Newsboy. Fomcn, Jl hours (mm Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy. Lrland. 20 hour* from Monterey
an I way purta.
Stmr Oeorge Loomla, Brldgett. 01 hours from
Ventura.
."t.nr Point Arena. IUn«»-.. 14 hours from
Mendoclno.
Srhr Nettle Low, Low, I hours from l'< ir.t
Reyes.
Schr Enterprise, Bergman. 2* days from Gray*
Harbor.
CLEARED.
Ftldajr. D~-»inb»r I
Stmr Queen. Jej«»r.. Victoria and Port Town
send: Guodall. Perkins A Co.
Sfn.t Coos Bay. Uletow, Baa Pedro: Good
alll. Perkins & Co.
Hr ship Glenbreck. Ourd, Queenstown; E C
Evans.
Ger ship Arthur Fitter, Denker. Que«nstawn;
Balfour. Guthri* A Co.
Scbr Transit. Jorgenson. Honolulu; Wil
liam*. Diraond A t '••
Fr schr Tamarlt Tahiti. Dexter. Tahiti; I C
Thayer.
SAT
Frldny. December L
Stmr Matteawan, Crnscup. Tacoma.
Stmr Fa.i Pedro. /a<l<iart. San Pedro.
Htmr Scotia. Jacob*. lU*-kport.
Stmr South Coast. Olsen. Eureka.
Stmr Brunswick. Andresen. — — .
Stmr Alex Duncan. : ander. southern
coast.
TELKOnAPHIC.
POINT LOBOa. I— I. 10 p ra— Weather
1 cloudy; wind NW, velriclty 14 miles.
DISASTER.
HAM»'N. I" l-Bohr Eureka. henc« Not U.
Is ashore on north spit, about half a mil* from
Jetty.
SPOKEN.
Per stmr Mm*.. la Nov :<, at II a m. 40 mil..
8 of Cape MM* ship Gtnry it th« Seas,
from Comox. for San Francisco.
Uct 31. lat tA S. lon 70 W— Hr ship Crown of
Denmark, from Shields, for San Francisco,
t EMORANDUM.
Per llr stmr Hubert Adamson— On Nov 29. lat
44 ;•_• N. lon 121 £0 W. the schr Win* a:. I Wins;
sent a boat nl'in- and reported vessel short
of provisions, having been living on seagulls
for S days. Supplied her with provisions to last
10 days.
Captain Walton Goodwin of th» C J« stmr
' Adams reports on Nuv 10 at It a " spoke- th«
ship Glory of the Beat from Comox for San
; Francisco. In lat M ■ N and lon 124 24 W. ami
supplied her with some provisions, of which sh»
was In need. Captain Freeman of th« Glory
a»k-i to be reported all wall.
Per cchr Ent«rprl»«— Sailed from Grays Har
bnr on Nov 2. On Nov 4. la: 47 29 N. lon i: '.
W. had a heavy BSE gal* vessel sprang a leak
and had 8 feet of water In hold. Had to throw
deck load overboard to nave vessel. On Nov 13,
lat 44 II N. lon 127 23 W. had a very heavy 8R
gale, which carried away rudder head and had
to rig a Jury rudder- Blew away the mainsail
and foresail and carried away the main star
board rigging Thes« gales lasted 23 days.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOS BAT— Bar bound Nov 20— Stmrs Homar.
Arrota and Empire, for San Francisco.
TACOMA-Salled Dec 1-Bchr Marion, for S*n
Francisco.
Arrived Dec I— Ship Dashing Wave, from
Polrt Townnend.
MENDOCIXO — Sailed Deo 1 — Btmr Point
Arena, for San Francisco.
ALBION Hailed Dec I— Schr Newark, for
San Francisco.
SEATTLE—BaIIed Dae 1— mr Exc«!s!or. tor
San Francisco; Hr stmr Victoria, for — — .
EUREKA — Arrived Dee I— Stmr Pomona,
henca Nov 20: stmr Samoa, hence Nit JS
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Dec I— Bchr Manila,
fon San Francisco: bktn Klikttat. for Honolulu.
Arrived Dec 1 -Schr Ida Schnauer. henca No
vember U.
PORT TOWNSEND— BaIIed Dec l-Bh!p
James Nesmlth, hence Nov 23; Cbll bark La
tona, for Iriu'.oue.
SAN PEDKO-Salled Dec I— Bohr James
Rolph. for Port Blakeley; itmr Navano. for
Arrived Dec I— Schr Laura May, frnm Ev
erett.
ABTORIA— Nov 2>-Bchr W F Jewett.
hence Nov 21. Dae I— Stmr Columbia, henca
Nov Jt; stmr Despatch. hen.-» Nov a.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW TORK— Arrived Nov Stmr Finance,
from Colon.
Balled Nov Btmr Advance, for Colon.
FOREIGN I"ORT8.
KOBE— Sailed Dec l-Bchr Muriel, for Ha
kodate.
PANAMA— Arrived Nov 10-Stmr ..an Jose,
hence Oct IS.
NAGASAKI— SaiIed Not 10— Stmr Zealand!*,
for San Francisco.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed Nor li-Br ship
Heathfleld. for San Francisco.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Nov D— II bark
Wlllacott. for Hull. Dec I— Br bark Benares
for Mlstley.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
HALlFAX— Arrived Dec I— Stmr Vancouver,
from Liverpool.
LONDON— Arrived Dec I— Stmr Manttoa.
from New York.
QUEFNETOWN— Arrived Dec I— Stmr Lito
nla. from Boston, for Liverpool; itmr Rhyn
land, from Philadelphia, for Liverpool.
ROTTEHDAM-Salled Dec l-Stmr Amster
dam, for New York. " •-• -
Arrived Dec i— Stmr Btatendam, from New
•York.
1314
FACULTY COMPLICATIONS
OVER WHIPPLE'S CASE
Opposition to His Playing in the
Thanksgiving Game.
Students Will Support the Captain of the
Blue and Gold Team In His Diffi
culties With Professors.
«7\? I-I-'S well that *>nd« well, but all
,'■ \\ haw not -yet endod for Captain
jt — A Whirple "f the victorious I'nlvor-
v «lty <>f California football team.
Two w.-.-ks ;ijr.) the faculty athletic com
tnittAß of lha university cam* to the de
in*>ra;o conclusion that the captain <>f
tin* Muo nnd poM eleven was not up to
lb« proper standard In scholarship and
Ibercfora must not play la the T! Hi.i-.^
i^vlng (ranic.
Wlun this wa* announced there was a
wild cry from the well-exercised throats
if JiKtt JusTy ciJUgian*. The faculty com
siilt t •-• •. which consists of Professors
ilaj.y, lta«'on and Kdwards, listened to;
•• U« wail of the opposition and underwent |
v chaise of mind- They doclded that If
Whijijilo :...i...- xiy his deflclency ho might
\-)ny ul'h their consent. Professor Ed
vaj-ils, wh(>so njHicia-lty Is an application
tii 1)10 tnathemoilcal rod, was the chief
olijoctor to Whlppie'a uppearanco with
l.is t< am, but Iliidinff tho spirit of tho
i- >ll<*(?e .iijainst him and that \Vhipple had
v etar.cii hupponer In I'njsldent Wheeler
lie h^icrl:»c«'d hts own resolutions and com
1 rui:;i.si'd the coso.
Wtiipplo's deficiency related only to one
courso la mathematics, over which the
recalcitrant professor presides with much
■ .:•.::>. Thu compromlso agreed upon
wax that \'. ..;■;•;> was to receive a chance
to clear ).:::.■■ i: on the roll-book of schol-
This was liy way cf examination and
i).u time set for it was Tuenday after
noon. ■>>:.• ■■ ;.-.-, tiam struKKled 011 the
!;>'ld In their lu*t practice W hippie j>t»r
t iirod over tho problems of trigonometry
and calculus, laboring to re-establish hlm
h-lf In the »■ ••: graot.s of the faculty ath
letic committee The examination was
gi>no through with and now comes the re
i>->ru founded on tho be^t .... that
v.'hlpplo did not «julte reach tho high
riur.dard bet by tho professor of mathe
matics. According to faculty law this
would bar him from tho game.
Hut fstudents have, laws of thrlr own
and certain intercollegiate agr^.ments ex
l«t which take no care for fi^culties. Stan
ford and California by virtue of written j
MYRON GESFORD
MEETS DEATH
Struck by the Santa Rosa
Train at Vallejo.
Bpeciu lilFpatch to The Call.
VAI-LJUO, De>c. 1.-Myron G<rsford.
brother of former State Senator Henry O.
Gwford, was ttruck by tho Santa Itosa |
train to-rilKht and Instantly killed. The j
train was unbound from VaJIcJo.
<J.i-ford was driving a team across the ;
tra< k. His hureos became frlghtenrtl.
ar.J instead of orosslns th« track started '
vp ths tr&ck towaru lbf« aoproaclilntf |
train. They Ix-eume «T.taugl<sf in a cat- I
tlu ifuanJ and before they cuald extricate !
UiCiiJN«;lv«* the engine was i.;> ■:; them.
O-Kfonl's r^ck was broken, lie vu 25
r«urit of kcc lioth hurates wero alau
killed.
WILL INVESTIGATE
FISHERMEN'S CHARGE
comnssiojncßs TO UNRAVEL
shrimp TONGS FEUDS.
Belief That Names of State Officers
Were U»ed to Promote Privats
Business Interests.
Tbo State Game and Fish Commission
ers v. ::i r.nl.i- a purttul invest igutlon of
th«» charpes. direct and implied, growing
out <jf Uio war amonjf tho Chinese shrimp
flshers of Sa.n I'u.blu Day. The meeting
will J»« held upon tho arrival of Commls
»loner Keller from lajs Angeles. For
months past ths crew of tho State's
launch have been orrestlng tho Chinese
Junk ni*n of the upper bay tor violating
the lawn uhich prohibit the taking of
ADVERTISEMENTS.
now will She End?
Just bedding into womanhood, so
frrfh, so fair and fine that we turn to
watrh her as she passes, 6he trips along
the street I picture of health and beauty.
An:oag the passing crowd of worn and
■ ■i lv ,,. y",'^i;ai wrinkled women,
ji^/br^S^^-jf^ 6he looks a being
%P '(} f *'\l "t^* from another
».Wf SS6SP 5® wcrld - WUI she
I^^^Wn like then:?
|p^ 'S-YftjSif Could they once
$?»!s&£ - lss§i>F have been as fair
J['&"H^NkLA'^--$ as the? No beauty
KJ£4Sjf^H can last under the
$*ysr*^\St?gU '\ strain an«.l drain
*&*£l \st'l'xZX\F of weak-
Ki»s7 7' /- \ «ij ocfla ' from which
jS^fA/k^ALa the majority of
K'^d^jj^V^JDJJ women paiJer in a
Bt^^!^T>»i™ girater or leas de-
l i cc - T^ymicht
SV^y//if Af preserve their fair-
fej^f //If c} Vl| nt«» of face and
V /Vi w : |^. Hi form if they would
Lw ' j t -1 * ■ cure c diiwirtrous
W /M "*' V'B diseases which
W& I" V c y H affect the woman-
&/] ] 1 V~< w^n\i Ij organs. Women
#/ I i |.'!urv diseases by the use
II / ° 'rTI^TIP ** % vorite Prescrip-
L| A (•.^ V ''^-\f 1 on ' It stoj)s the
V /lv i^T-r~S^^\*[^ enfeebling drains,
f >^3bt KWnl < ea^ s inflamma-
Bj"»C JK^CWS tion and ulcera-
«*^*^^ tion, cures bear-
>t^ ing -down pains,
' ■ ' strengthens the
nervous ■Ttteui, and restores the gen-
eral health. It contains no opium, co-
caiue or other narcotic.
"I had been a rreat sufferer from female
weakness," write* Mrs. M H, Wallace, of Mam
rter. Cook Co., Texas. • / tritd four doctors and
r-onr ds.i <-\. cry fio4. I suffered six years, but
■it last 1 !<>ud<s relief. I followed your advice,
utid took eight bottles of Dr. Pierre's Favorite
JTettcription and four of his 'Golden Medical
Diw-overv.' I now feel like a ur» wammn. I
have gained rijjhteen pounds."
Dr. Piercc's Pleasant Pellets cure bil-
llWMi
ncreemerit have decided that every man
proposed as a possible candidate for the
football tfum must have his name In
-.:••< on a list and this list must be for
warded tv the manager of the opposing
t»;»m three •./.- ...lore the Thanksgiv
ing game. If any protest Is to be entered
It i!.'.:-t be made two weeks before- the
game Js held. Wnlpple'9 name was on
;he lint ■ ■•'. was forwarded to Stanford
over three weeks ago and no protest as
made by the cardinal contingent. Ad far
a» the football teams are concerned no
maltcHPance occurred and no protest can
coma from the cardinal.
It wus whispered in Berkeley that
W nipple would play whether the facult>
wished It or not. Wherever a party of
htu<lt-:its collected Professor Edwards was
condemned fcr his Interference, which the
football enthusiasts claimed was uncalled
for and unseemly. W hippie wished har
mony and did nothing to provoke the pro
fessorial wrath, resting quietly and
nxvaitlng the ultimate turn or things. It
Is 6aid that at a faculty committee meet
ing the president of the university was
called in and when asked advice on the
muit«-r said some strong things about a
too close observance of a law that was
palpably Unjust and ridiculous from a
practical point of view. At any rate, all
the college nun assert that Whlpple has
ftrong support from the president.
A t<mall-*i7.ed riot will break out at the
university If Whlpple Is suspended on ac
count of his playing with the team. The
students are t-trong in their opposition to
Colonel Edwards, and show no hesitation
in expressing it. When the team Jumped
on to the field 'Thursday afternoon a cry
went up from the bleachers that showed
plainly the attitude of the student body.
•We want Whlpple! we want Whlpple!"
floated over the gridiron, to the annoy
ance of the faculty committee. But this
wa* not all. At the banquet held at Del
menico's Thursday night the name of
Colonel Edwards was mentioned, and the
team rose up in a body, and for a time It
looked as if some "rough house" would
result.
The faculty athletic committee will
consider Whlpple's case next week. The
students anticipate the worst If the strict
letter of faculty law in observed. Many
Interesting things are promised over the
entanglement, and President Wheeler may
be called in to make order cut of the con
fusion.
j young fish In Fmall-mesh nets. In taking
the shrimps tons of small flsh have been
destroyed. All fishes not large enough to
soil were dried and converted Into a fer
tilizer, which was Bent to China. As a
result bay fishing has become very poor
for anglers fur years past.
The Chinese, however, risked arrest and
I fines to continue the business, and dozens
I have been caught and heavily punished.
| The loss did not fall upon the actual nsh
ers. but^upon the wealthy Chinese for
whom they were working. The latter
stood the strain for a time, and at last
dtvlsed a scheme evidently looking to
ward Intimidating the deputies of the
commission. From what can be learned.
King Owyang, ex-Vice Consul, endeav
ored . to drive one of the ••tongs" out of
the shrimp-fishing business unless It sold
all of its product or a part of It to his
compuny. To accomplish this, he stated
j that unless the rivals agreed to his terms
! the deputies of the State Commission
would never allow them to do any more
fishing. The threat had some effect, for
;i part of the tone threatened sold out to
Dun.
Had the matter ended there the outside
; world would have known nothing about
; the trouble among the Chinese; but it
happened that the very fishermen who ex
pected protection were soon after arrested
r y H e P '.)• John Davis, who was assisted
P y Pl> of>s»or .Scot, eld and Engineer Web
ber. Then a howl went up and King evi
dently saw- that he had to play the game
to the end. An attorney for the Chinese
made charges at the office of the com
mission that reflected discredit upon the
honesty of the deputies. In a letter the
attorney asserted that when King went
to the fish camp on San Pablo Bay to
bulldoze the rival fishermen to selling to
Kings company the latter was accom-
I»anl»-d by Deputy Davis, whose presence
teemed to back up King's assertion. The
£?*?. of the alleged Interview was October
J2 (Sunday), and It was said that the two
went to the camp la the Commissioners'
launch.
Until yesterday Davis was up the bay
on the launch and was unaware of the
rhargra made against him. At the office
yesterday he stated that he never was on
i the bay in a launch with the Chinese ex-
Consul and that he never visited that or
any other Chinese ramp with him. On the
day In question (October 29) the launch
*'?%?} i. 1 MS 1 " 00 *** he WUH a his home
nt fcan Pablo, on the opposite side of the
bay from the camp. He has plenty of wit
nesses to nrove the truth of this. On the
next day fie went to Stockton. The Com-
S,rte cr "t have the greatest confidence In
\*>l :^ x l °} 'V r - Davls and the rest of
the crew, and there seems to be no fear
that the true Inwardness of the charges
will prove that the Chinese used the
names of the commission's officers to fur
ther their own business Interests.
WANTED REVENGE ON
HIS BROTHER'S SLAYER
GEORGE SUISSER HAS A NAR-
ROW ESCAPE.
Sheriff Farley's Brother Tries to Get
Satisfaction, but Is Foiled by
Sergeant of Police Brown.
By reason of the alertness of Frederick
T. Brown, Acs* Berceant at the City
Prison, George Sulsser, the youthful
slayer of Sheriff Farley of Salinas do*3
not occupy a Plab at the Morgue but in
now waiting to be taken to San Quentln
where he is to expiate his crime A
brother of the dead officer visited' the
prison last night to avr-n his brother's
death, but he was foiled.
In company With Sheriff Henry Martin
and Deputy. Dan Martin. Farley visited
the prison. As is the usual custom Mr
Farley presented hlmeclf to the desk ser
geant and requested to be allowed to s<>e
the prisoner. Sergeant Brown was about
to permit him to walk down to the youth
ful murderer's cell, but changed his ml d"
as he noticed that Farley was a?? 111
queerly. Before sending for Bulßi.er
Servant Brown asked Parley if he w-Ii
armed and the latter said h/w  w h ?"
upon ho was told he would have to sur
render , his pistol before s..ein X his
brother's slayer. Farley reluctantly did
ro^i BSCr . was . brought Into the reception
room and when he saw his Nemesis lie
Kaz«d defiantly at him. The sight of the
prisoner drove Farley into a race u rn
«".?* hl ? . fln § er at Suisser h? dram
atically exclaimed: rara
, .Vt You murd er«r! Tou coward! TOUT 0U
Wiled my brother In cold blood!"
He then advanced on Suißser, but the
officers got between the two and Vro
vented trouble. pro
• ant Brown ordered Sulsser re-
IWMd to his cell, and when Farley had
quleu-d down nnd explained his conduct
I h« was given his weapon and retired m.nv.
Sheriff Xtartln and his brother lh
! Sulsf.r was brought from *Montercv
County yesterday afternoon by Sheriff M
It. Keef. He wa» left In the City Pri-im
for Mfe-keepUi« until this morning, when
I he will be taken to San Quentin
For family us* Jens* Moore "AA" whiskey 1»
• pita* /avu^te la ifcousas&i ,cr boxaea.
TITE PAN FHAJs'CISCO CALL, SATTTRDAT, DECEMBER 2, 1899.
OFFICER STANTON'S "PINK NAYGUR."
Dusky Soldiers Stagger Under the White Man's Package
POLICEMEN KDWARD STAN
TON, popularly known as "Cas
tle Garden." and Erneßt Alexan
der dispute with each other the
honor of having served as a target
Thanksgiving day for one of the sable
hued privates of the Forty-ninth Vol
unteer Regiment, now encamped at the
l'r.sidio.
Th" naypur chot at me free
i<'lrn. *," hi' explained yesterday morn
ing to Warrant clerk Lyons of Police
Court 2. "ol cud hear th' lidden mis-
Ringers Iv death Kinging 'Oh, Mollle,
oh," as they wint slzzln' pasht me
Th' captln" towld me to git a
warrant and arrlst "im."
" }!.: shot at me, not yo\i." inter
rupted Officer Alexander, who seemed
anxious to put his Hat to the com
plaint.
"Chot nt yir. diddy!" exclaimed
Stanton, his disgust at the other's
claim being emphasized by the rich
ness of the brogue that has earned for
him the nickname he bears. "Chot at
viz— lnd fy wud he choot at viz? Didn't
th' black divvle butt at me lolke a
billy goat, md didn't Oi flure 'im wf
me fist? Gowan, Illic, yer Joshin'."
Alexander was sincere, however, in hli
claim to the ticklish honor. The con
sequence was that Lyons was com
pelled to listen to a long argument
from each, freely interrupted by the
other, of hit* undeniable right to sign
the complaint. lietween the two he
managed to get the story of nearly a
tragedy turned Into a comedy.
About 10 o'clock Thanksgiving nlpht
Stanton and Alexander, while patrol
ling their beats near the entrance to
the Presidio, heard a disturbance in
the saloon of Al White, curnur of
Greenwich and Lyon streets. Entering
they found a dusky volunteer of the
Forty-ninth staggering under more
than the black mail's sh*xe of the
white man's Thanksgiving burden. He
was muklng enough noise for a regi
ment. The officer* went up to him and
told him he would better go to cujiip.
"Got'ell," shouted the volunteer, as
he bent his head and started full tilt at
the middle of "Castle Garden," with
intent to butt that officer off the map.
Btanton was too fast for him, how
ever, and sidestepping he "landed wan
on th' naygur's p'lnt." Down and al
most out went the soldier, but he loon
recovered and got on his feet. He had
enough apparently for the time being
and made unsteadily for the door.
"You Jes wait a minute," he re
marked as he passed out the door. "I'll
be back an' fix you!"
"All rolght," replied Stanton. never
dreaming he would again s«a the vol
unteer, "we'll wait."
KILBURN FAILS
TO WORK EXTRA
SESSION JOKER
Tried to Create Ex-
cuse for Gage.
HARBOR WORK AS A CLOAK
Chairman Kilbura Gives a Chill to
IMscussion of Wharf Improve
ment* by Making a Play
for Dan Burns.
We, the undersigned, most *
respectfully petition that at «
an early date you convene In «
a special and extraordinary *
session the Legislature of the i
State for the purpose of enact- "
ing such legislation as is nee- I
essary to enable the Harbor 4
Commissioners to immediately «
construct and extend such '
wharves, piers, bulkheads and *
breakwaters as in their «
judgment are demanded by "
changed conditions and the ,
rapidly increasing necessities *
of the commercial and ship- ',
ping interests of the port of '
San Francisco.
Paris Kllburn. president of the Board
of State Harbor Commissioners, tried a
scheme yesterday to get the shipping and
business men of the city to petition the
Governor to call an extra session of the
legislature, and woefully failed In his
efforts. Ostensibly the purpose of the ex
tra session Is the enactment of laws per
mitting much needed improvement* on
the water front, but some of the gentle
man who have a greater Interest In the
advancement of the city and the State
than they have In the election of Dan
Burns as United States Senator saw a
Joker In the memorial and would not
stand for It.
Mr. Kllburn sprang his surprise, at a
meeting of the Harbor Commissioners and
committee* from the North Central Im
provement Association and the Chamber
of. Commerce, called for tha purpose of
and Shoot at Human Targets.
The two officers saw the soldier enter
the Presidio gate as they passed on to
the street and Immediately made up
their minds he would remain in camp.
What was their surprise a few minutes
later when the report of an army rifle
and the "rip" of a bullet close to their
heads warned them that some one was
shooting at them. Knowing their Up
ton they deployed In time to escape
two more bullets. By this time Alex
ander, having unllmbered his Betsy,
fired three shots at the disappearing
figure, in the darkness.
"All coons look alike to m«," said
Alexander as he put up his revolver.
"I don't think Pd be able to recognize
him. Would you" 1 "
"Oi dlnno." Bald Stanton. "D'yis
fink ylz hit 'im?"
"1 think 1 pinked him" replied the
other.
"Thin, be hivins." exclaimed Ptan
ton. "we shud hey no trouble at all, at
all. Pink naygurs are scarce as flte
blackburnls or hlns 1 tathe. He'll be
the' only wan in camp."
Th<- two arms of the civil law walked
on their four feet Into the reservation.
Alexander looking for a trail of blood
find Stanton keeping his eyes open for
a "pink naygur." They failed to find
him. and so reported, along with the
story of the assault, to their captain,
who ordered them to get a "John Doe"
warrant for the arrest of the blood
thirsty unknown.
Warrant Clerk Lyons decided that
Officer Stanton was entitled to the call
and allowed him to swear to a com
plaint charging the unknown negro
with assault to murder. Alexander
still Insists that he. not Stanton. ww
discussing the extension of the wharfoK*
facilities* along the water front and of
arriving nt the best plan to carry the Im
provements Into execution. Matters were
proceeding very satisfactorily, when the
extra session petition .was Introduced,
From that on until the adjournment there i
, was a chill.
Bumming up the entire meeting, there
was nothing tangible accomplished. The
North Central Improvement Association
advanced one plan, the Chamber of Com-
I merce another, while the Harbor Com-
I mission<is favored something almost en
tirely different from either. All three
agreed, however, that If San Francisco
expects to hold her shipping trade and
secure the Increase that rightfully belongs
to her, she must build more wharves and
, increase the capacity of the water front.
It is expected that their different Ideas
as to how to accomplish the desired re
sults may become crystallized , and tha
Improvements be made.
j H. P. Sonntag, who acted as spokesman
for the Improvement Association, stated
that what It wanted was the lengthening
i or the wharves to 800 feet, the completion
of the seawall and the building of the
! belt road. He said that he had heard
that the Governor was going to call an
extra session of the Legislature to elect
a^unlted States Senator, and he suggested
that Gage be requested to embody in l.!s
call the undertaking of the proposed har
bor improvements. Secretary Painter,
Mr. Strauss, E. Scott, T. C. Frledlander
and several others spoke along the same
lines, giving forcible expression to th«
absolute necessity of - something being
done. Their suggestion was that the Leg
;*>lature he asked to submit to the voters
the issuanc: of bonds for the work.
Commissioner Harney said that the
work could be accomplished without rais
ing the funds by bonds, provided certain
amendments were made in the existing
laws. When the discussion reached- this
point Mr. Kill. urn pulled from his pocket
a roll of typewritten documents and dis
tributed them among the visitors, saying
that as the Legislature would have to do |
something before the Harbor Commis- i
sioners could undertake the proposed Im
provements, the proper thing to do would
be to let the Governor know what W9M
wanted. The document he distributed is
printed above. . William Dolbeer of the
Chamber of Commerce said that the In
stitution he represented would not tfve
the Governor an excuse for calling an
extra session to elect Dan Rums undor
the cloak that It was being called for
harbor improvements. Mr. Kllburn be
came somewhat wrathy at*, the opposi
• tion.
"Do you want to say, then," he re
marked, addressing Dolbeer. "that !t
would be a high crime to call an extra
session to elect a Senator, but that If It
Is called you want to perpetuate the
crime by asking the Governor to take up
this question of harbor improvements?
Have you courage enough to say so?
How anxious are you for improvements,
anyhow? Are the Interests of the front
to be secondary to the interests of a few
men who want to prevent v the election of
a Senator?"
There was no reply. Mr. Sonntag said
that if th« Senatorial proposition was em
bodied in the petition no one would sign
It. but that If it was left out and the
water front business substituted v every
one would sign and the Governor would
be free to add the Senatorshlp deal to
his call if he saw fit to do so. He al»o
announced that such a petition was be
ing drawn, by the legal representative of
the Improvement Association together
with a bill covering the harbor matter,
which It was proposed to submit to the
Legislature. '
The Harbor Commissioners' • plan Is •to
have the laws changed bo that GOO - feet
th© target. Up to date they have
failed to locate the bloodthirsty pri
vate, who. It Is suspected. Is safe in
the guardhouse on a plain charge of
drunk, from which he will not be freed
until he Is far on the seas on the way
to the Philippines.
The "pink naygur" was arrested last
evening at 426 Pacific «»treet by Ser
geant Christesen and positively identi
fied by his targets a.s being their man.
He gave the name of Andrew Jackson.
Officer Stanton's "pink naygur" was
not the only private of the Forty
ninth who carried a white man's pack
age Thanksgiving night and exhibited
and shot deadly weapons within the
city. Two— John Wyatt and J..hn
Wood, of Company X— were before Po
lice Judge Conlan yesterday morning,
the first to answer a charge of carry-
Ing concealed weapons, the second for
discharging firearms. Wood was ar
rested in Chinatown for shooting a re
volver, narrowly missing a passing
Chinawoman and her baby. He said
be ilidn't know the weapon was loaded.
"1 sw'ar to Gawd," Jedge," he said,
lifting his left arm high in the air, "I
didn't know dat gun was loaded; 'deed
I didn't. I hope I nevah take dls arm
down If dat ain't de truth. "
John Wyatt told the court that the
revolver the policeman found on him
was his brother's. He said he had
found that relative, also a private In
:).<■ K<Tiy-nlnth. Intoxicated and quar
relsome in a saloon near the Presidio
and had taken the weupon from him to
prevent bloodshed and had put it
away down his trousers leg out of
sight.
"I didn't want him to disgrace hts-
Bt-lf, Jedge, by killln' nobody an" den
gettln' kick oute.n de regiment foh
whisky. Das why I hud dat gun —
hones', Jedge."
The court said he would decide their
raMs to-day, and they were taken
back to prison.
Private William Ammors. also of
Company X, was arrested at an early
hour yesterday morning in front of the
Hoffman cafe. Just after he had taken
four shots at the moon. He was doing;
a pand Jig and flourishing his revolver,
purrounded by a circle or yelling colle
gians, when Officer John O'Connor
gathered him In. Ammors explained to
Police Judge Graham yesterday that
the weapon was not his and that he
had not discharged It. He said some
of the college boys were Just shooting
a few highballs into the man in the
moon and had handed him the revolver
Just before the officer arrived on the
SV>'!ie.
Judge Graham believed him, but or
dered the police to return him his re
volver and allowed Ammors to depart.
The remainder of the Fortv-nlnth will
get away to-dag nnd Monday for Ma
nila, Stanton's "pink naygur" among
them.
will not be specified as the length of
wharves; permitting the granting of five
year leases to the docks and permitting
the board, in Its expenditures, to antici
pate the Income from the front for more
than one year. It is claimed that with
these changes, arrangements can be
made to raise all the money that will \,<*
necessary for the proposed improvements
without calling upon the State to Issue
bonds for the purpose. The g.ntlemen In
terested expect to get together a*aln
some time next week and discuss the
matter further.
Music Hath Power.
Music hath power to sooth as w*ll as delight
u», especially when eatlns a dinner at Zln
kand's. Stark's rasponsiMe for this. •
MORES ESTATE MUST
BE SETTLED AT ONCE
EXECUTRIX IS ORDERED TO
FILE HER ACCOUNT.
Heirs Object to the Property Being
Absorbed in Attorney's Fees
and Administration
Commissions.
Judge Coffey has issued an order di
recting Eliza M. Miller, executrix of the
estate of the late A. P. More, who left
an estate valued at 1800,000, to file her
final account on or before December 15.
A few days ago the heirs of the deceased
made appeal to Judge Coffcy to rush the
settlement of the estate, as they said
that the assets were gradually falling Into
the hands of the lawyers and the estate
would soon be absorbed. Mr. Rowc hus
band of Helen K. Howe of The Dalles
Or., who ix heir to one twenty-fourth of
the estate, took the stand and gave evi
dence as i to the loss dally resulting to the
heirs. The attorneys Indulged In more
comment and the court did likewise, after
which the order was made.
xi 1 "! administratrix ls represented by
Major Mhoon. while the heir* are repre
sented by A. B. Booth. Van R. per
•on, O. J. Evans and Michael Mullancy.
» ♦ »
Dr. Parkers Cou*h Cure. One dose will mod
a cough. N»ver fall*. Try it. All druggUu. •
WAS FREE FOR A MOMENT.
Bigamist Osgood Released on Habeas
Corpus and Then Bearrested.
George 1-. Osgood, who married Loret
ta Klr.sella Foley and Mrs. Tillle (Jlover
at about the same time and got Into
Jail subsequently on a charße of bleamv
was released from custody on a writ if
habeas corpus by Judge Lawlor yestr'i
day morning. Judge Lawlor, howevYr
nformed District Attorney Slurphy -o
lay the facts of the cases before . thS
Grand .Jury, and when the writ wal
granted Osgood vu returned to jail .n
a warrant Issued under an lndlctmonr
which had been returned. Owing Vofne
fact that the committing ma K lstFate had
failed to make proper Inquiry Into the
charge against Osgood as provided v
sections 281 land 2*2 of the Penal Code the
court found that no authority existed for
the commitment by the ma«lhtrate. Os
good will now go to trial on the cha-iae
named In tbo Indictment— bl£«my
gal^a. I Hale*
Hale's
store
notices
j
Santa Claus swamped with letters and questions, crowds at every corner.
To-day his automobile route will be from Hale's down Market to Third, to
Fosom, to Second, to South Park, to Third, to Bryant, to Eighth, to Market,
to Hales. In the afternoon from Hale's to Golden Gate, to Van Ness, to
Hayes, to Buchanan, to Haight, to Scott, to Oak, to Devisadero, to Fulton, to
Larkin, to Golden Gate, to Hales.
Mrs. Reynolds of New York gives interesting demonstrations on 20th
century ideas for infants' wear all next week.
Best time to visit store nowadays is the morning.
See to-morrow's papers for two attractive features — they're money savers.
a snap in gloves
We may not have your size ! If we have you've a bargain. 348 pair of Ladies'
pique walking gloves in a broken line of sizes on the tab es to-day. The exit of a
popular dollar glove.
Tans, in s zes s}^. sa^ 6, 7, and modes in sizes s^, s^, 6, 7.
Browns, in sizes 5 .. and s»£ and grays in sizes si^. 5%^. 6, 7.
Reds, in sizes sjs,'sa£, 6, 6y v and white s}^, sa^, €;,,. 6^.
Guaranteed to serve you well. Fitted at the counter —
85C pair.
new ribbons
One of the prettiest lots of Satin and Gros Grain Ribbon in narrow widths we have
ever received arrived recently. Ready to match the wider ribbons now.
new veilings. new neckwear. new flannelettes,
new gloves. new laces. new art goods,
new ribbons. new silk underskirts. new silks.
935 = 947^F$j&%&m Dr. Kindheart,
1 lcirKet. Jm -^S^tt-^sz^s' Doctor.
MRS. STANFORD
WILL SOON BE
AT PALO ALTO
Will Arrange Plan of
Endowment.
>
I Attorney Russell J. Wilson, who has
been In New York as the representative
of Mrs. Jane L. Stanford, returned home
yesterday. During his absence he has ar
ranged the big deal by which the Immense
holdings of Mrs. Stanford in the Southern
and Central Pacific Railroad companies
were disposed of. although Mr. Wilson
will not confess that ho had much to do
with it.
"I cannot enter Into a discussion of that
transaction," said Attorney Wilson, "be
cause I would prefer that Mrs. Stanford
gave her own version of the affair. Before
leaving New York Mrs. Stanford told me
that she would leave for San Francisco
and would come across the continent by
eaST stages. I understand that a. great
deal about the alleged sale of Mrs. Stan
ford's railroad properties has been sent
here from New York, but I am not suffi
ciently acquainted with what has been
published to say how much of It is cor
rect. As a matter of fact, although I
have been asked scores of times. I have
not yet conceded that Mrs. Stanford has
transferred her stock.
"Although I am Mrs. Stanford attor
ney. 1 paid little attention to the manner
In which her attitude may have affected
the market or the possible bearing It may
have had on the balance of the Southern
Pacific stock. My client will be here In a
few days and will not spend the winter
In the East. I have no doubt she will be
pleased to talk about her future plans on
her arrival. Just what she may Intend to
do concerning the welfare of Stanford
University I cannot state, and doubtless
she will not outline her plans until after
her arrival."
It was generally supposed that Mrs.
Stanford would not come to the coast
until after Christmas, and her early re
turn is taken to indicate that there am
likely to be some Interesting developments
lit Palo Alto. With the conversion of her
immense railroad holdings into cash Mr?.
Stanford Is now In a position to carry
out her great desire to endow the
institution founded by her late husband.
Just in what manner she may decide to
invest her fortune for the benefit of the
university is a matter of great public in
terest and concern, and Attorney Wilson
says that she has not divulged any of her
Intentions. Mrs. Stanford will arrive here
the latter part of next week.
KEMP A POOR WITNESS.
Does Not Enlighten the Grand Jury
on the School Scandal.
It was expected that some sensational
testimony would be glv.»n by School Di
rector Kemp before the Grand Jury yes
terday afternoon relating to the J3UOO
scandal In which his colleagues, Conlon
and Gedge, were mixed up. It wan
thought that Kemp, who had been made
the catspaw in the scheme to appoint a
batch, of new teachers, was going to re
taliate on n. certain member of the minor
ity who had promised to make the sev
enth vote necessary to pass the resolu
tions presented l.y Kemj> at the last
meeting of the board. This seventh mem
ber, whose r.anif 1r kept lift, bad
promised to vote with K<mp 'f the latter
would give testimony against Conlon and
Gedge Defer* the OnUM Jury.
Expect. itions were not realixed. how
ever, as Kemp proved to he a very poor
and DBWillinff witness and he did not
enlighten the Grand Jury to any great ex
tent as :■> 'hi- methods emi>l>>; ••<! l>v Coa
lan and flfdge In exacting tribute from
the Btati'»n.ry contractors for favorab.e
contracts. K«-mp pioadod ixriorance to a
number of the questions put to him by
the inquisitors. In the mutter of the
contracts awarded to the Weber Furni
ture Company for $*»J" for desks the
Grand Jury gathered from the replies of
| Kemp that the Supplies Committee had
awarded ;lie contract to the company nnd
that the rest of the board kn?w nothl.ig
about the matter until after It waa all
over. K?mp, when asked what ha.i In
come of rlie old desks, answered that he
did not know. and. in fart, all of hi* an
,w r rK were so unsatisfactory that the
Grand Jury was obliged to excuse him.
Child Was Not Poiioned.
Anita Rothschild. aya v six-year-old child,
died under suspicious circumstances at
her home. »15 Polk street, last Thursday.
It was believed that the child had eaten
some cheap French candy which con
tained poison. Dr. Ward, who attended
the case, could not positively determine
the causa of death and the body was
turned over to Coroner Hill. The remains
had been embalmed, but Dr. Zabala nev
ertheless performed an autopsy, and found
th.it death had been due to pleural pneu
monia.
SHANGHAIED FROM GUAM.
John Sablan Wants a Fortune for an
Enforced Trip to the Northern
Whaling Grounds.
John Sahlan. a native of the Island it
Ouam. fll?d a libel yesterday in the
T'nited States District Cocjri against W.
T. Storey, master of th« Amn
Andrew Hicks, to r- ma«»«
for being shanghaied from Us
Island home and brought to San Fra
by way of the North l
grounds. He alleges that while th*
was lying near the shore of the I."
<iuam he was engaged to work
ship until the tlm.- f
that he was carried to «»»-a asair .
grotesi anl was dumped into •
an Francisco on November 8
year.
Decayed Turkeys Condemned.
Chief Market Inspector
condemned »v» turk.js •. •
proprietor of the pin
that the fowl were unfit f
not placed them on ••ale
sent the turkeys, which welgr><
pounds, to the fertilizing w rrkfl
Divorce Suits Filed.
Ellen E. Logan has sued James T In.
gan for a divorce, alleging rmbltual In
temperance as cause of action
Craft asks for divorce | CoatUu
Craft on the ground of failure to provi.j.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Our Saturday's Specials!
CHOICE FAMILY FLOUR, •£!.- 80c
BEST CREAMERY BUTTER-...
Regular tec square
CHOICER. BUTTER 40c
Regular We square.
PETALUMA^'EGGS 30c
Guaranteed. Regular 40c doien.
Dr. Price's Baking Powder, S? 15c
An Unusual Bargain. Regular 80.
GHIRARDELU'S c&St. ll* 25c
Regular We ran.
EASTERN S*.-J HAMS ...... 13c
Best In the city. Regular i:c Ib.
IRISH and SCOTCH WHISKY.. 9Sc
Imported from Belfast. Regular tl 15
PORT, SHERRY, Angelica, £. {I
Regular 4>v bottla.
GHIRARDELLI'S Breakfast Cocoa 20c
Regular tic can.
MACARONI, VERMICELLI, box 20c
Spaghetti. Regular JSo.
WHISKY, Rye, Bourbon, Ga1. 52.50
5-yenr-oM. Regular S3.EO.
SWEET SUGAR "CORN, 3 cans 25c
Regular 12'ji- can.
1348-1354 Market StreeU
Opp 7th. Tnone 8. m. No Branch Stores.
Spoons
Forks
\ v^ Knives
Bargains.
It* Worth Your
Coming Jti9t to Sec-
Great American Inportina Tea Co.
Store* Everywhere,
100 Store*.
fin Wy^ Permanent cur«. Cnttr* tlm*
MII Li W dd ' v< '"' l " rectal <iMuti
f^ II 1* References. thos« cured. No
1 MMJEjU il" 1^ -,*-. J - ATKINU.
M. D; Mi Sutter at s*a
yrajctoco; toura l to 1 * m.