VOLUME LXXXVJ-HO. 181.
BRITONS AND BOERS RENEW BATTLE
Skirmishing Force Sent Out by
General White Encounters the
Transvaal Troops Near Lady-
smith, and Later Bivouacs for a
Second Engagement — The Brit-
ish Must Soon Face the Invading
Boers in a Decisive Battle.
CAPE TOWN, Oct 29.— The second battalion of the Gordon Highland
ers, the First Devonshires, First Manchesters, First Liverpools, Second
Dublin Fusileers, Liverpool Mounted Infantry, Fifth Lancers, Fifth Dra
goons, Eighteenth Hussars, Natal Volunteers, mounted battery and four
field batteries proceeded las: night to Lombardskop from Ladysmith.
A squadron of Hussars located the Boers, who opened fire with
shells and rifles. Two horses were shot and one trooper wounded. The
Boers occupied a strong position at De Waais Farm, and the mounted in
fantry failed to draw them out. As nothing could be gained by another
attack the column bivouacked and the Boers retired to Rietfontein. The
battle will be resumed to-day.
LONDON, Oct. 2S.— The South African war has now been in progress nearly three weeks, and so far the British arms
have been consistently crowned with momentary successes, though at a cost which verifies President Kruger's pre-
diction that the confiict would stagger humanity. But though victory has fallen to Great Britain whenever and
wherever the issues were of paramount Importance. General White's position to-day Is scarcely more reassuring
than at the outbreak of the war. So far he has only shown his ability to outwit by strategy the Boers' strategy.
That ln Its conception meets high praise from the British military critic-?. Now he appears to have reached the limit of
this game of war by which he was able to prevent the massing of the Boer columns, and must either meet the enemy's
combined forces or retreat. Many people think General White should rest content with the successes so far achieved and
fall back on Colenso, pointing out that he appears to be fully able to move his forces quickly and without deterioration. It
is scarcely probable that he will follow this course, preferring rather to hold Ladysmlth, though against much superior
numbers, until reinforced. It is the feeling that the general intends to follow the latter course that creates uneasiness,
for victories over Boer units are not believed to indicate that the same result can be achieved over the Boers when
massed. .
Compared with this impending movement about Ladysmlth the fate of Kimberley and Mafeklng and the progress of
the other Independent operations are almost insignificant. The rapidity of the Boer advance and the tenacity of the
endeavors of their columns to concentrate on General White have proved clearly that the Boers' plans were matured long
before hostilities displaced negotiations, and though they may be unable to stand before the brilliant charges of the
British troops or serve their artillery with the skill of their opponents, they are a mobile force and operate harmoni
ously under a carefully prepared plan of campaign.
No one seems to have the faintest idea of what condition will confront the British army corps upon Its arrival in
South Africa. Will it be an avenging force whose duty will be to wipe out the defeat of General White and the capture
of Mafeklng and Kimberley, or will it simply be a walkover Into Pretoria, dispersing Boer bands disintegrated by the
strain of a long campaign and discouraged by constant reverses? These questions are uppermost In the minds of all con
nected with the War Ofiice. By November 4 the last troopship should have sailed, but the army corps will scarcely take
the field until the end of December. There is a lull In the departure of the troops forming the army corps, owing, the
Admiralty officials say, to the troops not being ready. . _ '
SIGNIFICANT
WORDS OF QUEEN
TO PARLIAMENT
LONDON, Oct. 28.— excitement at
tendant upon the departure of soldiers for
South Africa is almost over and the city
is assuming Its normal shape again. Last
week all was bustle in society circles and
NO EUROPEAN COALITION
AGAINST GREAT BRITAIN
Neither Germany, France Nor Russia Is at
Present in a Position to Interfere in the
South African Warfare. ■ \,
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gordon Bennett.
PARIS, Oct. 28. — New York cables inform us that England is threatened with a European
coalition. Correspondents of American yellow journals are evidently trying to earn their
salaries. Little is heard of this crazy scheme here. No one European statesman wastes an
instant over it. Even if the desire existed the moment is not ripe for a successful realization of
that desire.
Europe is busy with its own affairs. A boycott of England by. the powers is no more a
question of practical politics now than when Catherine of Russia conceived the idea, or 'when
Napoleon tried to put it into operation. A certain section of the press of different countries tries to
agitate the matter. It is the same section that tried to set Europe against America during the
Spanish war and failed. It will fail now against England. The public is indifferent. Statesmen re
alize that England cannot be brought to her knees.
At present Continental Europe can neither interfere nor offer to mediate. Nor have trie
powers any idea of doing so either. They know that England would reject even the most cour
teously presented offers of arbitration, if accompanied by a veiled threat that the war would be
come general.
What nation wishes for that? Not Germany. The Kaiser's sole ambition at present is to
develop a powerful navy. He is not seeking a quarrel. On the contrary, he is evidently convinced
that the welfare of Germany necessitates cordial relations with England until he is fully pre
pared to follow a different line of conduct. Commercial rivalry between the two countries is not
vet so acute as to render war absolutely necessary.
Not France. Her financial existence is bound up in the success of the exposition. The
Not France. Her financial existence is bound up in the success of -the exposition. The
mere cost of preparatory mobilization would be overwhelming at present. If any European coali
tion were to be more than a pasteboard display, that preparatory mobilization would • become an
instant duty, and temporary ruin would result.
Russia does not dream of interference. Her trans-Siberian railway is too vital an under
taking to be jeopardized. Her Far Eastern policy is more important to her than the ; fate of the
South African republic, for, remember, if England absorbs the Transvaal, it will, only. be in imita
tion of what the Dutch did with Java, Russia with Finland, Germany with Alsace-Lorraine and
Schleswig-Holstein, and France with Madagascar. •
The conquest of one people by another has been excused if the conqueror brings with him
civilization and progress, law and order. So no European nation can throw the first stone at Eng
land on the score of the probable final disposition of the Transvaal. They will be more likely to
observe a very strict neutrality and try to share in the profits when the conflict is ended.
As in the case of Japan after the war with China, the American yellow journals are only re
peating the shrieks of the European yellow press when they send rumors of a European coalition.
The powers cannot combine. Dual and triple .alliances would never unite, for .England could
make it more profitable for either to have her help against the other. She is the weight to turn the
scales. The calling out of her naval force now is not a threat, but a hint. It is accepted as such.
It indicates that the Transvaal campaign leaves her still free to cover the seas with her swarm of
warships, fully armed and manned. The hint is not likely to be lost. France remains quiet before
it. Her Mediterranean squadron is left in the Levant. You may be sure that it would be recalled
quickly if a coalition was in the air.
The San Francisco Call.
cabs were to be seen running all about
the West End with richly uniformed
young officers hurrying on their prepara
tions and paying last visits to their
friends. Now these officers are at sea,
many of them no doubt going to their
death, unless; of course, as some think,
the war will be over before many more
weeks have passed. But that, according
to military authorities, ls very unlikely.
They think the war is not going to be
such a * walk-over as was at first lm~
SAN CISCO, SUNDAT, OCTOBER 29, ; 899— THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
aglned. even after the arrival of Sir Red-
vers Buller and his big army.
- Even in Parliament all is .. silent * again
and members have been released * from
their duties to depart whither they will.
Parliament has had a short, but stirring
session. It Is very remarkable that It has
been the shortest session of the British
Parliament for exactly five centuries. It
■ was on September 30, 1399, that the short-
I est Parliament and the shortest session
I were held. Parliament sat for only a sin
Map of the Scene of Hostilities, Showing the Status of Affairs
After Eight Days of Fighting.
In Natal on the east, after four sharp engagements, the Boers have forced the British to retreat from Dundee and concentrate all their
available troops, about 15,000, in the vicinity of Lady smith, where a heavy battle may be begun at any moment. ■
On the west the Boers have invested and are still besieging Mafeking and Kimberley and have possession of every important point from
the Modder River north to Pitsani, above Mafeking. , •
In the south along the Orange River border they have destroyed or occupied the railroad bridges and other crossings, but made no ma
terial advance into Cape Colony. • "/,. ',• . : „ . •
In the north the British force, under Colonel Plumer, is reported to have gained some advantage over the Boers of the Zautpansberg
commando, at Rhodes' drift (shown on small inset map), but nothing definite is yet known of the matter.
The British have so far acted on the defensive, and made no advance into Boer territory. It is possible that Sir Redvers Buller will make
East London or Port Elizabeth his port of landing for the invasion of the Orange Free State, as they are nearer to the border than Cape Town by
some 300 miles. •• •'. !'-'."
BELGIANS SYMPATHIZE
WITH FIGHTING BOERS
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. .Copyrighted, 1899.
by James Gordon Bennett. WzJ:Wx
,: BRUSSELS, Oct. 2S.— I am able to .assert that the British Government
has expressed to the Belgian Government Its regret at the tone of Belgian
! public opinion regarding the.' Anglo-Boer war. The press has almost unanl
-1 mously taken sides against England. ' Subscriptions are being, taken up for
> the Boer wounded exclusively, and some isolated, outrages, such as paint-
ing the words "Blood, blood, Boer blood" on the doors of the British Con-
sulate at Antwerp, have occurred. ■ The truth Is that , before the war the
1 Belgians, who. framed their constitutions and customs much on English
l lines, had marked leanings toward Great Britain, whose examples they gen- .
( erally eulogized, rightly or wrongly. However, half- of the Belgians being
Flemish, they sympathize with the African Dutchmen because they are of
1 the same race.- Apart from this lt may be asserted that the King and the
► Belgian Government authorities' are much annoyed at the demonstrations,
_ which/although they are not symptomatic of Anglophobia, but merely sig
. nlfy compassion for the weaker belligerent, may be considered unfriendly '■
ln Downing street and bring about some coolness In Anglo-Belgian relations
> and possibly In.lure the interests of Belgium in different parts of the world,
> especially In the East- African lake district, where the British and Belgians
* are In touch. '' ' * ' ' ; <.--'>'_. ; : :.
gle day, and when it deposed Richard II
It was dissolved. A new one was called
six days afterward, when Henry .IV
mounted the throne.
Sir Michael Hicks-Beach's budget to
raise supplies was so non-committal that
It Is scarcely open to much criticism.
Whether £11,000,000 borrowed to carry on
the war will be entirely repaid by addi
tional , taxation, ■• or whether j the Boer
treasury will be sapped to repay part or
the whole, Is a matter upon which little
light is likely to be thrown until-Parlia
ment reassembles In February.
But the more important of the features
ln the recent session is the Queen's pro
rogation speech, for It contains tho asser
tion that the Transvaal is already part
of her empire. : The phraseology j passed
by almost unnoticed, but the sentence, "I
trust that divine blessing will rest on the
efforts to restore peace and good govern
ment to that portion of my empire," can
not be taken to. mean; anything but that
Great I Britain*, regards the Transvaal I re
verted to her direct sovereignty.'
Another interesting point- of the - speech
was that the war was referred to as "mil
itary operations." / ;.
: The ;*, embarkation .of J 21,000 men, : 1000.
horses and seven batteries of artillery,
with the wagons and equipment, between
October 20; and 24 is pointed to as being a
splendid feat on the part of the admiral
ty, not forgetting, however, to also give
credit < to the army for having the men
ready at the dock. :
Lieutenant Commander Colwell, the
United, States naval attache here, who
, closely watched the embarkation of the
troops at Southampton, said on the sub
ject: : ••■;.:
'X "It was a splendid , sight. Everything
was. done in good order. On each,trans
port a' naval lieutenant was in command
and . on the . dock a ; naval officer super
vised the 'whole. The army officers Had
their j men lined up and a staff sergeant
passed along the ranks, chopping eight
een men off at, a time, thus forming
messes, g Marching jon board, they found
: everything prepared for them."
Sir Charles . Dilke. . writing to the
Speaker, draws attention to the gigantic
cost of | the mobilization of a compara
tively small- army.' He says: ; "Though
I the S War' [ Office professes to be pleased
' with the result of the mobilization, they
took .far longer to complete the arrange
: ments than 'the* maximum period allowed
by other powers." - ••
i Continuing, Sir Charles declared4 that
the present system was entirely wrong. \
PATHETIC SCENES AT
BRITISH WAR OFFICE
• .• . * • i. * - . ■!,..*. •<*•.■***•' .'-,;.■* sV
Special Cable to The Call and the Now York Herald. Copyrighted, 1899,
by James Gordon Bennett.
LONDON, Oct. 28.— A few days ago, a special cable to the Herald told of
the pathetic scenes outside the War Oflice among the crowds awaiting the
lists of casualties, as they were posted up. Every day it is the same. The
Pall Mall has indeed become a street of mourning, and every day are to be
seen ladies driving up. in carriages and hansoms with pale, anxious faces,
showing the awful strain upon their nerves and terror at the thought that a
blow may be awaiting them. As the: cables have shown the loss among offi
cers has been terrible— heavier in proportion than the loss among the rank
and file. Even more pitiable to be seen are the grief-stricken men of all
trades, in working garb, spending their meal hours outside the War Office
seeking for news of their gallant sons, while red-eyed women with babes in
their arms are requiring about their husbands.
Severe as is the strain upon the War Office attendants, to their credit be it
said, nothing could be more gentle than their treatment of those anxious In
quirers. To comfort those poor people Is no easy task, but they do their best
trying to reassure them in cases of the wounded or where there may be some
doubt as to* the fate of their dear ones.- - •' *':;;*;:';;
GERMANY. CANNOT
AFFORD TO JOIN
IN INTERFERENCE
But Public Sentiment of the
Fatherland Is Against
:-:"- Great Britain.
BERLIN, Oct. 28.— war news ar-
rives here in a contradictory shape and Is
often unintelligible. The ' comment of
most of the papers, irrespective of party.
Is . anti-British and often couched in a
satirical and, taunting tone. The belief
is general that Great Britain thus far has
got the worst: of the fight, but that tlie
news is suppressed by the cable censor-
ship, the. result of which, it is argued,
demonstrates that it is necessary that
Germany should construct and operate
cables, for in the present state "of things,
with Great Britain owning all the cables,
Germany in the event of war will be en-
tirely in the power of Great Britain as
regards news. ; Hence many papers advo
cate the laying. of a number of German
cables. There have been many complaints
i this week of the non-delivery of cables
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
to and from South Africa, and It is
charged that the British officials have
been suppressing them. .
From the enormous percentage of loss
of British officers in South Africa the pa
pers; here argue that the Boers have not
lost their marksmanship during the long
term of peace, and they also acknowl
edge the superior bravery of the otlicers.
The .Tageblatt says: "The losses furnish
a brilliant testimonial of he heroism, of
the oflicers. No matter how the var and
its cause may be regarded, we do not
scruple to say this."
The newspaper strategists have proved
over; and over again thai every reported
British success Is real./ a defeat or a re
treat. This is conspicuously displayed in
the headlines. The only important dally
siding with Great Britain is the Cologne
Gazette, though the Bremen Weser Zel
tung does so half-heartedly.
It has been learned from a reliable
source that the anti-British crusade is
greatly against the wishes of the Em
peror and the Government as a whole. A
high official of the- Foreign Office said to
the correspondent: "This violent anti-
Brltlsh campaign in. a part of the press,
notably the pan-German organs, even go
ing to the length of threatening a counter
demonstration ln case the Emperor goes2
MAY PUT A STOP TO
HUNTING IN MARIN
Much iQdignatior) Roused Over a
Suit Filed by the CouQtry
Club.
v-»IUD.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 28.— The Country Club versus Everett Strain, Hugh
MeCurdy and David MeCurdy .was the title of a suit filed in the Superior
Court last Tuesday, but the nimrods of Marin state that it would more ac
curately have been entitled "The Aristocracy of Wealth versus the Tax
payers of Marin." The suit Is Instituted for damages in the sum of $500,
which the members of the club claim they have sustained by the defend
ants poaching on their domain. To Say that the feeling throughout the
county Is heated is to put the matter mildly. The local papers have taken
the affair up and are handling the Country Club without gloves, and the In
dignation is so great that an attempt will doubtless be made to have the
license of the Country Club revoked. As there are many legal difficulties
to be overcome if such a course be adopted, it is barely possible that the
Supervisors may totally prohibit the hunting of game altogether within
the confines of the county. Z 21CZ :-ZZZ:::%Z
It is alleged in the complaint that the three defendants passed through
the preserves of the Country Club and frightened away game. For this
damages are demanded In the sum of (800. The McCurdys and Strain are
themselves wealthy farmers and own princely hunting domains. They give
the freedom of their property to everybody fcr hunting purposes, and have
never yet turned the hungry huntsman who might have been so unfortunate
as to miss a train away from their doors. Their hospitality has always been
of a lavish nature, and the popularity resulting from their free-handed pol
icy has done much to intensify the feeling against the Country Club. All
three defendants have announced their Intention of fighting tho suit' to the
bitter end.
The sentiment commonly felt throughout the county over, the suit ls ijretty
fairly expressed by the following extract from to-day's edition of the Sausa
lito News: Z%t.]'-X'
"Yet in spite of all this the people of Marin County are asked by a club
of city aristocrats— of money and pleasure to assess Everett Strain,
Hugh MeCurdy and David MeCurdy $500 damages for climbing a hill through
an almost impenetrable tangle of shrubbery. The idea is preposterous. We
surely have not arrived at an age when men of wealth can punish through
the courts whoever encroaches upon the special privileges of wealth or tends
toward disrespect for the power that wealth bestows.".
to. England, may have the opposite effect
on the official attitude from the one in
tended. Germany cannot act with less
consideration toward Great Britain than
J'Vance and Russia show. It is a grave
mistake on the part of our rabid anti-
British statesmen to say that Britain is
isolated. She has the United States as a
close friend, as has been again demon
strated recently, when the Venezuelan
decision was rendered and the American
press found no fault with the verdict,
though the matter not so long ago was
almost made a casus belli by the United
States. Great Britain has Japan as an
other friend and may even count on Rus
sia's support in many instances. Above
all, it seems doubtful whether it would
be wise for Germany to make an enemy
of Great Britain at this juncture."
The correspondent also learns on ex
ceptional authority that Germany has no
Idea of Interfering with Great Britain in
South Africa now or later. All rumors
Heated to that effect are baseless and
probably circulated for a purpose. All
appeals to the Emperor and Government
this week by meetings and urgent letters
from Africa will have no effect on Ger
man policy. During the whole duration
of the war Germany will be strictly neu
tral, as has been pointed out from the
AMERICANS CONTRIBUTE
LONDON, Oct. 28.— The Mansion House
fund for tho relief of the bereaved Is
growing by leaps and bounds well Into ;
six figures. It is noted that many Ameri
can residents and visitors In London are
joining in the contributions, adding their
dollars to the swelling of the fund.
Before the Scotts Guards left London
for the scene of operations they were ter
ribly Impatient to get away and quite
angry that so much fighting was going on ;
before, they could get out to have their ,
share, but since then the scenes, weather *
and even their feelings have undergone !
a sudden change, for they are now in '
transports. It is said of one of the offi
cers of the Guards that he missed the
train to Southampton, but with that re- '
•eource for which the brigade is famous >
the delinquent quite coolly ordered a spe
cial train and in the end arrived before
the rest of his regiment. In order to al
low his special to pass the train he
missed had to be detained, so he not only
caught the original train, but passed It.
War, with all Its" horrors, has Its hu
mors, too. Much fun is being made out
Of the story that some of the English
soldiers. In looting the enemy's camp at
Elands Laagte. robbed the Boers of some
of their most prized possessions in the
shape of a large number of top hats and
frock coats. What could the Boers want
•with such apparel ln the field of battle
unless, as the Globe suggests, the God
fearing followers of Saint Oom Paul had
been ordered to wear them- when they
have to go into action on Sundays?
"A DOG "WAS KILLED."
CAPE TOWN, Oct. 28.— A dispatch from
Mafeking, dated October 21, says: "All
Is well. There was a four hours' bom
bardment, during which a dog was
killed."
LONDON, Oct. 28.— Further details from
Bulawayo, Rhodesia, show that the ar
mored train from there on October 17.
sent. toward Mafeklng under the command
of Lieutenant Llewellyn, got within seven
miles of Lobalsl, when the British found
the railroad badly damaged. Boers were
visible on hills in the vicinity. Lobalsl
had been looted. The train encountered
the Boers three miles south of Crocodile
Pools and the British opened fire with
their Maxims and drove the Boers back
to the hills whence they had advanced.
Besides eight men killed the Boers lost
«leven horses.
JOUBERT TO WHITE.
DURBAN, Natal, Oct 26.— (Delayed in
transmission.)— ln reply to ; an inquiry
made by him. General Sir George Stewart
White has received the following telegram
from Commandant General Joubert:
"I mr.3t express my sympathy. General
Symons, unfortunately, was badly
wounded and died. J He was buried yester
day. I trust, general, God will speedily
bring to a close this unfortunate state of
ait's, brought about by unscrupulous
speculators and capitalists, who went to
the Transvaal to obtain wealth, and, in
order to further their own interests, mis
led others and brought about this shame
ful state of warfare over all South Africa,
in which so many valuable lives have
been sacrificed, as, for Instance, General
Symons and others. I express my sym
pathy to Lady Symons ln the loss of her
husband."
ALLEGED BOER ATROCITIES.
LONDON, Oct 28.— Fragmentary details
are arriving of the occupation of Dundee
by the Boers. It Is alleged that twenty
men of the town guard occupied an out
post a couple of miles from the town,
when a Boer shell dislodged them and the
men fled to a neighboring hill, where 300
Boers surrounded them and shot the ma-
44 A Thread Every Day '...
Makes a Skein in a Year.'9
One small disease germ carried by the
Uood through the system tvill convert a
healthy human body to a condition of in-
validism. Do not tvait until you are bed-
ridden. Keep your blood pure and life-giv-
ing all the time. Hood's Sarsaparilla
accomplishes this as nothing else can.
■W Mi*™ Mill fl M tf 4AdUM *^
Jority. The Boers then entered Dundee.
dragged several civilians out of their
houses and pistoled them In the streets.
As a pendant to tho above is a story
from Cape Town to the effect that several
cases of dumdum bullets were found by
the Boers at Dundee, which the British
abandoned in their flight. Some of the
Boers wanted to use the dumdum bullets.
but President Kruger vetoed this, saying:
"No, it must not be so. Whatever the
British are, we Boers are at least hu
mane."
The bullets were then destroyed.
CASUALTIES AT KIMBERLEY.
LONDON, Oct. 2S.— The War Office post:
ed at midnight an official report of the
fight at Kimberley on Tuesday last, giv
ing the British casualties as three pri
vates killed, Lieutenants R. A. McClln
tock of the Royal Engineers, G. Lowndes
and C. H. Bingham and sixteen privates
wounded.
The troops, according to the report of
the War Office, fought splendidly.
DISSENSION AT BLOEMFONTEIN
LONDON, Oct. According to a spa
cial dispatch from Cape Town received
here to-day, rumors of dissension at
Bioemfontein, capital of the Orange Free
State, have reached Cape Town. It is
said a movement is on foot to depose
President Steyn and install Mr. Fraser as
President.
AUSTRALIAN CONTINGENTS.
LONDON, Oct. 28.— Dispatches from
Sydney and Melbourne record the depart
ure of the Australian contingents for the
war amid wild scenes of enthusiasm. A
Dutch ambulance corps has also started
from Amsterdam for Lourenzo Marques.
COOPER'S PATRIOTISM.
LONDON, Oct. 28.— Jesse Cooper of
London has placed his steam yacht Sun
rise at the disposal of the British Govern
ment, and starts for South Africa Mon
day with several volunteer nurses and
doctors.
m
MAFEKING IS BURNING.
PRETORIA, Oct 27 (via Lourenzo Mar
ijuez).—Commandant General Joubert has
left Glencoe for the front.
A report has been received that Mafe
klng is burning.
MANY YAQUIS
TAKEN PRISONERS
Were Captured in a Skir
mish at Sahuaripa.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AUSTIN, Oct Information was re
ceived here to-day from Orit, 'State of So
nora, Mexico, stating that a detachment
of Mexican troops had arrived there, hav
ing in charge twenty-five Yaqui Indian
prisoners, whom they were taking to
Guaymas, to be placed in prison pending
a settlement of the war. Hitherto the
Mexican forces have given out the Infor
mation that they were taking no prison
ers, nor would they take any, as they pro
posed to kill all the Indians as fast as
they came upon them. The fact that' they
brought ln twenty-five to-day, however,
evidences the fact that they intend to
take prisoners.
It is reported that these prisoners were
captured ln a skirmish with Indians near
Sahuaripa, Mexico, during which several
Mexican soldiers were wounded. It ls also
reported that two were killed and one or
two taken prisoners by the Indians.
Immediately following this skirmish.
which was somewhat In the nature of a
surprise party to the Indians, the main
body of Indians retreated to the moun
tains northwest of Sahuaripa and are now
hiding In the mountain fastnesses. Judg
ing from present indications there will be
no fighting for some time, as this skirmish
has driven the Indians back in the moun
tains and in addition to the number of the
warriors captured It is rumored that fully i
as many more Indians were killed, which j
has served to rather demoralize them for j
the time being.
FATHER McKINNON'S POST.
First California's Chaplain Now in
. •. the Regular Army.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 28.— Father Mc-
Kinnon, formerly chaplain of the First
California Volunteers, has been appointed
a chaplain in the army, to succeed Chap
lain Hall, retired. lie will accompany
Archbishop Chapelle to Manila.
Bark Greenland Wrecked.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, Oct 28.— The
British bark Greenland, Captain Ander
son, from Philadelphia, for Turnek's
Island, ls a total wreck off the Turnek's
Island coast The crew was saved.
The Greenland was built at Parrsboro,
N. S., In 1897. She was of 626 tons register,
was IGO feet long, 37 feet wide and 17 feet
deep. -y - - . ~ • ■
May Succeed Schley
WASHINGTON, Oct 28.-Rear Admiral
Cromwell, who has had command of j the
naval station at Havana since Its estab
lishment in January last, has been de
tached from that duty and ordered to
Washington,, with a view of his assign
ment to duty as president of the naval
retiring board, an office Just vacated by
Rear Admiral W. S. Schley
Mrs. Heath Dead.
SANTA BARBARA, Oct. Mrs. Har
riet Heath, wife of Hon. Russell Heath,
died this afternoon. Mrs. Heath came to
Santa Barbara in the early fifties and was
the first white woman to settle In the old
Mexican town.
THE SAN Ffi AN CISCO CALL, SUNDAY; OCTOBER 29. 1899.
BLOOD MAY BE
SHED IN MARIN
_ - • .■■ ■ . • *.**.* ■■-•■ x- '•-_--■
Murder in the Air at
Point San Pedro.
Point San Pedro.
SAM YUPS SWEAR VENGEANCE
LEE DOO TEONG NOT DROWNED,
BUT ASSASSINATED.
Ning Yung Members Try to See Dis
trict Attorney Mclsaac in
trict Attorney Mclsaac in
OTder to Save Men's
Order to Save Men's
Lives. -
SAN RAFAEL. Oct. 28.— 1f the state
ments made to-day to Deputy Coroner j
Steven Eden are true— the Indications '
that such is the case are clear— highbinder j
warfare, with its Inevitable carnival of j
murder and pillage, may be expected at (
any minute to break out simultaneously ■
between rival Chinese clans on both sides
of the bay. With this knowledge comes a
confirmation of the suspicions of the Ma
rin County authorities that Lee Doo
Teong, the Chinese found floating in the
bay at Sausalito last week, was murdered |
and that Wong Ho, his partner, gave per
jured testimony in order to suppress an
investigation by the "white devils.
Lee Doo Teong's body was found float
ing near the railway wharf at Sausalito
by Christian Ock, a longshoreman, and
an examination by the autopsy physician
showed that he had received a deep
wound from some sharp instrument un
der the left ear. There was no water in
the lungs, showing conclusively that
death did not result from drowning.
Wong Ho, a fisherman from the Chinese
fishermen's camp at Point San Pedro,
testified at the inquest that he was the
dead man's partner, and that Teong had
come to his death near that place two j
weeks before by being knocked, into the j
water by the Jlbboom of a fishing smack. i
As there was no evidence to the con- _
trary, the jury rendered a verdict of ac- j
cidental death. ■;}' ■'• :'X':. yr^ -"■
To-day two Influential members of the
Ning Yung Society came to this city from j
San Francisco and asked Deputy Coroner {
Eden to take them to District Attorney
Mclsaac. They asserted that last night j
Wong Ho went to San Francisco and ad
dressed a specially called meeting of the I
King Yungs, telling them that Lee Doo ,
Teong had been killed by Lin Hing Ching, ;
a member of the See Yups, as the result
of a row over the merits of their respec- I
tive clans. The weapon used was said to
be a boathook. The two Chinese said that ;
if the District Attorney would cause the
immediate arrest of .Lin Ling Ching and
prosecute him for murder highbinder
warfare might be averted; otherwise a |
disastrous feud between the See Yups and j
the Sam Yups— Ning Yungs all being Sam
Yup men— likely to break out In the
Chinese quarter of San Francisco and at
point San Pedro at any minute. The in
formants declared that vengeance had
been sworn by the relatives of the mur
dered man and that they and his clans- |
men would endeavor to kill Lin Ling ;
Ching and the other three See Yups with i
him in the boat at the time the deed was
committed. ' !
District Attorney Mclsaac was out of
town and the Chinese failed ln their en
deavor to hold a conference with him. |
They departed for San Francisco on the '.
s:ls 'p. m. train, with the assertion that J
delay probably meant death to somo one.
Coroner Eden will himself officially ac- |
quaint the District Attorney with the con- i
versation between his deputy and the two j
Chinese, and it is probable that Lee Lin j
Ching will be arrested and prosecuted for j
murder. j* ■' „
The Chinese fishing camp at Point San
Pedro has always borne a very hard name
and bloodshed there is of frequent occur- 1
rence. There are about three hundred
Chinese at the camp. It is a place of
refuge for lawbreakers ln San Francisco,
who make it their hiding place until the :
police grow lukewarm over .their crimes, I
when they return to the scene of their I
misdeeds. ______________
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Commissioner of the Land Office
Renders Decisions on Cali
fornia Contests.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 28.— The Commis
sioner of the Land Office to-day rendered
decisions in the following California
cases: ,
. In re A- G. Stram and Gomer I. Ed
wards, the motion for a review of depart
mental decision affirming the decision of
the local office in the Susanville land dis
trict for land within the boundaries of
San Gabriel forest reservation was de
nied.
In the case in re school indemnity se
lection by the State of California, involv
ing land in the Los Angeles land distrtct,
the decision appealed from is modified
and the selection by the State for the
same will be approved unless reasons ere
forthcoming showing the same ought not
to be done.
In the case of the Tulare Oil and Min
ing Company and the Southern Pacific
Railroad Company, involving land ln the
Visalia district, the decision rendered
modifies the former.
F. B. Hartman was to-day appointed
postmaster at Eldridge, Sonoma County,
vice A. E. Osborn. resigned; also W. F.
Ludlngton at La Jolla, San Diego County,
vice C. S. Dearborn, removed.
Mrs. Josephine Kirby of San Francisco
has been promoted as clerk in the Treas
ury Department "from $G6O to $900.
Postal service has been established be
tween Oceanslde and Fallbrook, Cal.
Army orders: Captain Alfred S. Mor
gan of the Thirty-fourth Infantry will
proceed to San Francisco.
~ By direction of the Assistant Secretary
of War Commissary Sergeant Francis B.
Cornell, now. at South Framingham, will
be sent to San Francisco and will report
upon arrival to Major W. H. Baldwin,
commissary of subsistence, for duty ln his
office.
Assistant Surgeon Donald P. McCord Is
relieved from further duty at Vancouver
Barracks and will proceed to. San Fran
cisco. - ■'---'- 22 ' -". .
Chaplain W. D. McKinnon has been or
dered to report to the adjutant general of
the army for temporary duty, upon com
pletion of which he is to report in San
Francisco. "..-
Pensions for Californians: Original—Ar
nold Namur, Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles,
$6; John H. Thomas, San Francisco, $6:
Henry H. Hull, Stockton,. $6. Original
widows, etc.— Sarah M. Ingalls, West
Berkeley, $8; Minerva C. Barrows, Berke
ley, $8.
Washington: Original— C. Ells
worth, Port Angeles, $6; Georse V. Ma
nett, Spokane, $8. Increase— Dudley C.
Lawton, Spokane, from $6 to $10.
Oregon: Increase— Benjamin F. Whit
ney, Scappoose, from $8 to $12.
THE LARGE DEPARTMENT
STORE OF THE
Gamble-Desmond Company of New j
Haven, Conn., Enjoinedl by the
Welsbach Light Company.
NEW YORK, . Oct. 28.— A rule to show
cause was granted yesterday by Judge
Townsend of the United • States Circuit
Court, returnable November 13, lon appli
cation of the Welsbach Light Company
for an injunction against the Gamble-
Desmond Company of New Haven, Conn.,
for infringement of its patents and a re
straining order granted. " This suit is
brought to determine finally if under- the
former decisions of both Judge Townsend
and Judge Lacombe responsible dealers
as distinguished from irresponsible manu
facturers are liable as infringers of the
Welsbach patents. The outcome of •. this
suit will be awaited with much Interest,
as should the Welsbach Company succeed
they will be able to recover large dam
ages from : all dealers throughout the
United States.
Both Legs Broken.
PLEASANTON, Oct 28.— Stoebel. a
butcher, had both legs broken to-day.
While driving near .this city his horses
became frightened and' overturned the
wagon. The top of the wagon fell on
Stoebel's : legs, breaking them below the
knees. .
MINERS' TRIALS
ALMOST OVER
Witnesses for Govern-
ment Examined.
ment Examined.
TESTIMONY OF THOMAS AMES
: ♦
HE SAW A GANG OF MINERS
HE SAW A GANG OF MINERS
BOARD THE TRAIN.
BOARD THE TRAIN.
Was Invited to Join the Party, but
Afterward. Advised to Stay .
Afterward Advised to Stay
Behind Because of a Muti
lated Hand.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MOSCOW, Idaho, Oct. 2S.— If the present j
rate of examining Witnesses is kept up, j
lt is probable that next week will see the ;
end of the trial of the Coeur d'Alene mm- |
, ers on a charge of holding up a United
j States mall train and for conspiracy. In j
the .Federal court here. This morning
the examination of witnesses for the ■
Government was commenced. The prose- j
[ cution attempted to bring out facts and j
I evidence to prove a conspiracy to blow
j up the Bunker Hill and Sullivan mill at
j Wardner and that to do this the miners
conspired to hold the trains and to do any
other act to accomplish their purpose.
The Government contends that the stop-
ping of the mail train was a concerted
and prearranged incident to the day's
proceedings and was a part of the con
spiracy to blow up the mill.
An important witness was Thomas
Ames, a member of the Wardner Union.
He stated that he was awakened early on
the morning of April 29, and was told
there. would be a meeting of the union in
the miners' hall. He went to Page's Ho
tel, and there was told that there would
i be no meeting, but to be on hand at the
I depot with his bundle of working clothes,
I as the train was coming with other mm]
] ers, and union men would -board it., He
did not know for what purpose. He was
! afterward told not to go, as his thumb
I was off, and this would be a mark to iden
| tify him, if the crowd got Into any
i trouble. He stated that previous to this
date delegations had been sent to the
I Hunker Hill | Company with proposition!
which were accepted; that he was dis-
I charged from the Bunker Hill Company,
j but had gone back since: that he saw fifty
, men with bundles near the train; that the
I Bunker : Hill manager was seen "by tho
j union men later and . that he -refused to
j talk or recognize them, . but witness dis
; claimed being a member of the delegation.
' He says Boyle was president of the Ward
! ner Union and O'Rourke secretary.
Albert Burch, the secretary of the Bun
i ker Hill mine, was called, and related
I the occurrences of the week preceding the
blowing up of the mine. He said that he
had found posted a notice of the miners
requesting him to get his men to Join the
union, and that he then discharged the
seventeen union men. He next saw the
strikers under the leadership of Ed Boyle,
I who made an address to different shifts
, to induce them to Join the union. In con
! elusion witness disclaimed the charge of
; attempting to Intimidate Simklns, a wit-
neSs to be used by the defense. :*-...
Joseph McDonald of Gem, manager of
the Helena Frisco mine, told of seeing the
| men going to Wardner. He said on ex
: amining the powder-house he found
eighty boxes missing; that the lock had
been broken. Lem Smith, a liveryman,
I the next witness, told of hauling five men
j to Wallace on the 2Sth; that they were
! Wardner men and that they were
{ miners.
All these witnesses gave details of oc-
I currences during the days preceding the
] explosion, and it was given to prove a
| general conspiracy to stop the trains as
an Incident to the other crimes.
ONLY ONE
MINUTE OF
FIGHTING
Ex - Champion Fitzsimmons
Easily Disposes of Jeff
Thorne.
Thorne.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO. Oct 28.— Jeff Thorne of Eng
land was knocked out by Bob Fltzsim
mons in one minute of fighting at Tatter-
Ball's to-night. Thorne, who was evi
dently very much afraid of Fitzsimmons,
did not land a single blow and made only
one light attempt to lead with his left,
the blow falling short by several inches.
The blow delivered by Fitzsimmons was
a short left Jolt, which did not pass
through. six inches of space before land
ing on Thome's Jaw. After Thorne was
counted out Fltzsimmons picked him up
bodily and carried him to his corner,
placing him on a chair which Sam Fitz
patrick," who had been confident of
Thome's victory, had placed hurriedly on
the platform. " ; ->,•.:-'■
Fitzsimmons was attended by Martin
Julian and Yank Kennedy. Thorne was
seconded by Sam Fitzpatrick, Patsy Ha
ley and Joe Sullivan. Fltzsimmons looked
fat— at least eight pounds over weight
but otherwise he would have been in flrst
class condition. *Xx .-.V.
The men agreed to fight according to
Marquis of Queenberry rules, breaking
free.
Round I— Fltzsimmons began feinting
and Thorne appeared afraid and kept
away. Fltzsimmons led with his left
and missed. Fitzsimmons landed a
hard left on the chest. Fltzsimmons
landed a left on the face, feinted with
his right and missed a right for the
head. Fltzsimmons landed a left on
the Jaw, knocking Thorne down and
out Time of fight, one minute. ;
Thome fell flat on his back, his legs
drawn up spasmodically and he rolled
over slowly on his hands and knees In a
vain attempt to regain his feet The ef
fort was futile, however, and he fell flat
on his face, utterly unconscious.
Malachi Hogan, the referee, bent close
over him with his mouth at Thome's ear
shouting the seconds, but Thome lay like
a dead man. After turning over on his
face he neither moved nor seemed to
breathe, so completely knocked out was
he. ■ *:•:**;, X . v-y.-'--;y, n:
Thorne, after being carried to his cor
ner, - was surrounded by a group of
friends, who labored anxiously to bring
him to consciousness. He was drenched
repeatedly with cold water, Fitzsimmons
in the meantime standing by, anxiously
doing what he could for the vanquished
man. Thome was held in his chair by
Sam Fitzpatrick and Joe Sullivan, and,
although able to move slightly, was as
dead to the world as when ha lay on the
« ,AJ ELECTRIC
$ BELTS I
ill BELTS t
!,• t^. "^s In buying «n tlectrle belt there are two ways'.
I ■ , "Tr. "'^S In buy'nB an tlectrle belt there are two ways
A • it- .-m «>(«»*■ of f'aclnK yourself on an exact level with the
Ml Lft l.XTmmmlLimmZjk gentleman whose open countenance is depicted
JF*-£>*i \ •■ w**^^rtr on OIJr left- ' •
~ b'v.'fll tttt/ The flrst ,s t 0 allow yourself to be persuaded
h '.' 3B %SS The flrst ls t0 allow yourself to be persuaded
- £<-"m ■ "■""" by a quack to part with $30 to $50 . In ' ex-
P5.-:i<iv-^',!* /V «3I Ami* change for an old-fashioned , Belt actually not-
jjmm9_H__ Jp'-fZ "WS ZZ. " worth more than $5;. and the second method Is
At.!" /*-&BEffi'W':>W -Sff to stumble into a drug store and pay from $10*
£ '■> ' V f(JZr'X/%A ) 'Za Impossh 1o *20 for some so-called Electric Belt that has
. g.' /'» *'•.: '-,7\Jfl cost the druggist about $1 25 at wholesale. -.--•'
W- ib • "■'Wi'mt UPON Now' the BIGHT way to do when you want a
' m fc*- 1,. .':<ZxlM-'. -» ■ GOOD Electric Belt is to look up some reliable
Fit' 'V-_Z!£x&SL 'ZmMW* •* firm that MAKES Belts. Well, we make 'era,
/ wJ-^''__—_S—Sk 'ZWI '/*) ' at from *3 50 to *25 each- and have been estab-
M WP'llftßBlQ_WKlt. ifflW. lished 24 years. Come and see us. or send 2
IV WjE*2 \'< VI V<? °entS in etamPs for "Booklet Xo. 2." Address
Wm^Muß? PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
■xM^-Ah^W PIERCE ELECTRIC CO,
'JZmßf^'Zn^^Z&ZZ,, ' 620 MARKET STREET.
; (Opposite Palace Hotel, 8. P.) \
A NEW FLEET TO
PLY THE PACIFIC
■* t -• -
Order FJas Already Beeo Placed
for Four Immeose Freight
for Four Immeose F^j9bt
Carriers.
Carriers.
©* MINNEAPOLIS, Oct. 28.— The Times to-morrow will say: The Times is in ©
J- a position to state with absolute guaranty as to its truth that four steamers, +
O freight carriers, each of 12,000 tons net burden, have been contracted for, for o
♦ the trans-Pacific trade. Owing to the demand upon the . shipyards, both in ▼
? this country and abroad, the best possible terms that could be made for the
I construction of these ships fixed their delivery in 1903. It is possible one or Q
+ more of them may be ready in 1902. No assurance of that is , given to the *
<*•> buyers.- U . V "/■'•: -r, J :";i ;■.■;* 2-7,'WW ■ '■*''■• ;: '■•*'' ?
4 . V These ships will be lai^er than the Massachusetts, at present the biggest ♦
O freight carrier which enters the port of New York, but it Is regarded as prob- °
♦ able that before 1903 comes ships of even greater capacity will be contracted ▼
O for.; d y.. ■ i.Wi „..* *, .\. . *?':;>. -?.*<■ I. •-. - :" 4
* The Times is not at liberty to state for whom these ships are to be built. 0
5 It will go so far, however, as to say that they will not sail from San Fran- *
O cisco. '/> i 1 ■: r — -. . ; O
©♦-o-^o-^O"*- o-*- o+o+o-t-o*-* o+o+o-^-o+o+o+oo-^o -*-o-*-o-*- o-*»-o--»-o-*»-o-»-o-*»-#
mat. He was ln his .corner twelve, min
utes and was then carried from the ring
by his seconds, unable co walk, but hav
ing regained a small measure of intelli
gence. • As he was carried through the
ropes he rolled his head wearily toward
Sam Fitzpatrick and '.said It*, was a
"chance blow." The right side- of his
jaw, where Fltzsimmons struck him, was
badly swollen. ' „ ". , ,
Fltzsimmons fought with all his -■ old
time fire and was. as spry and shifty on
his feet as he had ever been. He appeared
many pounds overweight from his proper
condition, but was as quick as lightning
with his hands, and no victory that ever
came to .him was won by- more brilliant
work than this. '■.-:....
His feinting was extremely rapid, and
his blows shot in so fast that Thorne was
beaten at the start. He had no confidence
when .he put lup his ■ hands, and every
blow landed by Fitz made him more ap
prehensive than before. His face as the
men met in the center of the ring was
white and drawn, and at , every feint
made by Fitz with either hand he would
duck In a. scared way as though afraid
that the end had already come. He
ducked when Fitz was five feet away,
with no Intention Of striking at him. He
was utterly outclassed in fighting ability,
and through his own lack of confidence
lost every chance he might have had of
winning or staying the limit.
The bout was to have been for six
rounds and It was generally believed that
Thorne, on account of his showing against
Craig and McCoy, would be able to last,
if. not the limit at least three rounds.
Sam Fitzpatrick. his backer, expressed
himself before the men entered the ring
as being confident that Thorne would win,
saying if he did not believe so he would
never have brought him to Chicago to
fight Fltzsimmons. After the fight was
over he held to the opinion that the blow
which knocked out his protege was a
piece of luck on the part of Fitzsimmons,
but those who had seen Fltzsimmons
fight before knew better. It was the same
lightning jab that won Fitzsimmons the
championship at Carson, the same quick
blow- that laid Peter Maher on his back
for two minutes at Langtry, Texas. it
was the blow that Fitzsimmons has al
ways used and generally with decisive
effect when it reached the point where it
touched Thorne to-night.
SAYS THE
BOUT WILL
BE BRIEF
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 28.— Although only '
six days Intervene between now and the
date of the world's championship prize
fight betting on the result ls singularly
light. Interest in the battle between Jef
fries and Tom Sharkey for the champion
ship of the world Is keen enough, but the
supporters of both men seem loth to wa
ger their money on the result.
Jeffries' admirers seem to outnumber
Sharkey's. Just now Sharkey's: backers
want 10 to 7 for their money, and some cf
them are looking for 10 to 6.
Both men are In as good condition as lt
ls possible to get them in for the fight. If
anything has been neglected lt is too late
to supply a remedy. Jeffries says he is
satisfied with his condition, and he pro
fesses to believe that the battle will be a
short one. In the opinion of many good
judges it will be well for him if it is short,
and the shorter the better. Although a
bigger and heavier man than Sharkey the
champion will not stand so much rough
work.
To-day Jeffries had not decided whether
he would do much work to-morrow.
Sharkey will do none beyond taking a
walk and a little light exercise with the
bag. The sailor never works on Sunday.
The training quarters of both men prob
ably will be overrun with visitors to
morrow, so that neither could put in a
good day's work if he desired to do so.
Jeffries will remain at Allenhurst until
Thursday, when he will come to this city.
Sharkey will come to town on Thursday.
WILL FIGHT THE'
ANTI-SALOON LEAGUE
PASADENA, Oct. 23.— Since the forming
of two sanitary districts in this section
by election on October 10 the fight be
tween the saloon men and anti-saloon men
h*s grown hotter. The districts were
marked out by the Anti-Saloon League
and the election was looked after by the
league, which retained . attorneys, know
ing that they woul be necessary to hold
the ground gained by the election. *
The first step taken by the anti-saloon
element after the election was to call for
a tempocary injunction to be served by
the Superior Court on the County Board
of Supervisors restraining - them, on the
ground of technicalities, . from counting
up the election returns and declaring the
districts established. From 10 o'clock in
the morning until 3 o'clock In. th© after
noon was absorbed ,in •*■' Judge Trask's
court In hearing the arguments on both
sides.
C. C. Wright, author of the Wright Ir
rigation act, who has been retained by
the Anti-saloon League to represent them
in Southern California and Deputy Dis
trict Attorney D. C. Wilbur defended the
law for the people and for the County Su
pervisors respectively. Attorneys F. F
Davis and D. C. Morrison fought for the
saloon men. M. Rlcard of Lamanda Park
and H. C. Werner of North Pasadena.
Judge Trask decided in favor of the antl
saloonlsts, dissolving the injunction pro
ceedings on the ground i that it was hot
proper to bring such a suit ln a court of
equity.
The County Clerk and Board of Super
visors are bound to count up the returns.
The law Ib mandatory on that question,
said the Judge.
Immediately, the attorneys for the sa
loons gave notioe of appearand say that
they will make the costs come upon the
new sanitary board If the Clerk declares
the board elected. The County Clerk has
done so, and the members of the new
board have received their certificates.
Thus -the situation has -narrowed down
to this: The districts are established and
the boards may now elect their officers,
but they are chary of transacting any
business and have entered into earnest
consultation- With their attorneys. They
have assumed an attitude of defense,
leaving the saloon men to take offensive
steps.,- ■ - -' x •*
! The latter element say they will fight i
every inch of the ground, declaring that j
the saloon feature of the sanitary dis
trict, that is, the feature which gives or |
refuses: liquor licenses within the bounds
of the district, has never been tested in
the Supreme Court.
- The saloon-keeper at Lamanda Park |
says if he is driven out he will immedi
ately move farther east, to Sierra Madre;
and the Sierra Madre people, hearing this,
have begun to talk of forming a sanitary
district of their own. The saloon-keeper !
ln North Pasadena District talks, if the
worst comes, of moving farther north to
a place called Devils Gate. <•
A colored preacher who heard this, re- I
marked that that was the proper place for
him to go; and now the saloon-keeper has
learned that ? Devils Gate is inside the
sanitary district.
• The feeling is so hot that Frank E.
Simons, who disturbed an anti-saloon |
rally by calling Rev. Dr. E. S. Chapman i
of Oakland, State superintendent of the |
league, a liar, was arrested, and after I
two days' jury trial, fined $25. . * !
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"The Supt cmc Novelist of the Cen-
"The Sup! eme Novelist of the Cen-
tury . . . in his splendid
solitude." •
BALZAC
Absolutely the ONLY complete translation
IN THE WORLD.
I
M. W. Hazeltlne In the New York Sun
says:
"ADMIRABLY PRINTED AND IL-
LUSTRATED. BARRIE & SON'S Edi-
tion ls NEITHER ABRIDGED NOR EX-
PURGATED, and ls the only ENGLISH
VERSION which may claim to present
EVERYTHING contained In the EDI-
TION DEFINITIVE brought out in I
Paris."
THE ONLY COMPLETE EDITION."
"A Gentleman in Tacopia writes to
inquire whether there ,is any English
translation of Balzac that ls complete
and unexpurgated. * ■'[ We reply that
there is only one such translation, and
that is published by Messrs. George
Barrie & Son, of Philadelphia."
: ;;/• —The Bookman, Oct. 1899.
I "There ls only one way to understand
! Balzac, and that is to read his works and
:to read them consecutively. • • • He
i himself Indicated this when he arranged
I his Edition Definitive. "—Philadelphia In-
I quirer.
The BARRIE editions of Balzac are ad-
j mittedly the BEST examples of book-
' ; making issued, and have NO EQUAL In
! the world.
The TEXT ls printed on paper of super-
fine quality from type made especially for
these editions.
Etchings, printed on Japan paper by
FAIVRE. LOS MOS, OtTDART. LOB SETDIR.
JEANNIN, DEBLOIS, NAROEOT.
MONQIN, OAUJEAN.
DECISY. Etc
DECISY. Etc
After drawings br
ADF.IBN-MOREAU, TOUDOUZffi, CORTAffiO,
ROBAUDI. VIDAL, FOURNIER.
ROBAUDI, VIDAL, FOURNIER,
. CAIN, BUSSIERE. Eto.
The plates, prepared especially for these
editions by the best French water-color
painters (the most capable of illustrating
Balzac), are unequaled; they are printed
on Japan paper of best quality in the
highest style of art, and are liberally dis-
t ributed through the pages.
Full information, specimen pages, etch-
ings, prices, etc., will be promptly fur-
nished by the publishers. .h ' . • \i ;■;■
GEORGE BARRIE & SON,
1818 Walnut ■treet, Philadelphia.
The Catholic News
8 Months for 10 Cents.
, £ FOURTEENTH TEAR.
FOURTEENTH TEAR.
THIS GREAT FAMILY PAPER
ail",;, CONTAINS EVERY WEEK:
All the News of the Catholic World.
Fashions and Woman's Page.
Children's Page.
Ooe Continued Story.
Five Minute Sermon by Paullst Fathers
Special Articles of Rare Interest. •"'
Illustrations by Special Artists.
The News of the World Condensed.
Editorials on Timely Topics.
►JleiWS and information for Membtn of
m- .W..S and '"formation ror Members of
the LeaBue of the Sacred Heart. W* ->".
TO ffl?™ INCLUDING 8 gCWoH„
The CATHOLIC NEWS WU|S &* maf&i
every week for the next three months to
any address on recept of 10 cents In silver
or postage startups. "ver
t.T{* rSFuUir «übscrlptlon price Is «. per rear
It Is offered on trial for so small a sum of
money simply to introduce It. Address
TJl^B Catholic News,
v v 5 Barclay St., New York City.
*■*■-*-*-*-*-' ♦♦^ --TltSSSltlSSl
,i Transcontinental tourist* ; and tray- t
M *Ler" from all over the United States " I
 show their appreciation of the excel- '
■ iP * lence of the . nl
j^ALAGB-MD ,*♦.
t GRAND!
j GRAND t!
. * ■ - .■■ . ci I
by making these hotels their headquar- " I
ters while In San Francisco. Fourteen ' i
" hundred rooms. : 900 with baths— largest . i
. " and finest in the world. ,
*f ■ . JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK. Manager. \
■*»•«»«•»»-»--»--»«»«»,»«,„,,,,»
HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
REINVIGORATOR
■■r^ bg&i Five hundreft reward for any
FT— <***'■?-• cannot cure. This secret
*■*** -"tofri* relnedy stops , all losses In 24
W9l Wm* hours- cures Emissions, Impo-
IiUJ turn te.ncy» Varicocele, Gonorrhoea,
flOiS Kjei 2}*-_ Fits. Strictures, Lost
S~JW(J Manhood and all wasting effects
- ' ' __ ■ of self-abuse or excesses. (■ Sent
sealed, |2 bottle; 3 bottles, *5; guaranteed to
cure any -case. Address HALL" MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, 865 ■ Broadway, Oakland, Cal. Also
fcr sale at 1073% Market St.. S. F. All private
diseases quickly cured. Send for free book. .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Important
Facts
About |
Trade-Mark Branded on the Sole of All
I Trade-Mark Branded on the 6ole of AH 1
| SOROSIS SHOES. ||
They Have Hand-Sewed Welts. |g
They Have Hygienic Cork Soles. Ei
They Come in 35 Styles. |'
They Are Perfection of fit. p
They Look Well and Wear Well. j
They Are the Height of Style. |
They Give Perfect Comfort. |
i They Have Many Imitators. |
4 What more could be said of a
9 any shoe? Try them and be m
i convinced that they possess all jj
;S the merits possible to be attrib- «
ci] Bted to a shoe. ;
Pries tha ***3 PZ f\ *
l At S3mso PAIR.: \
jj ,-i THE BEST SHOE FOR 5
g WOMEN EVER PRODUCED. (i
| SOLD EXCLUSIVELY BY 5
50 Third Street. |
Second Shoe-Store Below Market Street- fk
i ..... . ps •
REPUBLICAN TICKET.
Progress and Prosperity.
For Mayor, '"'xy'\ "I^;
HORACE DAVIS.
' For Auditor,
ASA R. WELLS.
For Assessor,
ALBERT HEYER.
For City Attorney,
CHARLES H. JACKSON.
For Sheriff,
JOHN LACKMANN.
For Tax Collector,
JOSEPH H. SCOTT.
For Treasurer,
LOUIS FEUSIER.
For Recorder,
WILLIAM Z. TIFFANY.
For County Clerk,
WILLIAM A. DEANE.
For District Attorney,
ALFRED P. BLACK.
For Coroner, *-".'■'",''■■
A. D. McLEAN.
For Public Administrator;
JOHN FARNHAM.
For Supervisors,
EMMET P. BARRETT.
NATHAN 8180.
: V CHARLES BLISS.
. CHARLES BOXTON.
VICTOR D. DUBOCE.
SAMUEL FOSTER.
D. C. M. GOODSELL.
THOMAS L. HENDERSON.
WILLIAM C. JOHNSON.
MILO S. JEFFERS.
CHARLES J. KING.
. THOMAS H. MORRIS.
GEORGE R. SANDERSON.
GEORGE T. SHAW.
EMIL N. TORELLO. (
I. J. TRUMAN.
WILLIAM WATSON. ■:,
CYRUS 9. WRIGHT.
For Police Judges,
L. G. CARPENTER.
HENRY L. JOACHIMSEN. .
CHARLES A. LOW.
JAMES L. NAGLE.
. ! . i ■ . ggg —
FOR
MAYOR
HORACE DAVIS,
REGULAR
REPUBLICAN
REPUBLICAN
NOMINEE.
j , . — — •
FOR COUNTY CLERK,
FOR COUNTY CLERK,
WM. A. DEANE
i. A. DEANE
(Present Incumbent,)
REGULAR REPUBLICAN NOMINEE,
- >■•■■-
FOR SUPERVISOR,
FOR SUPERVISOR,
CHARLES BLISS,
Regular Republican Nominee.
- — : ; : ; : — .
FOR DISTRICT ATTORNEY,
FOR DISTRICT ATTORNEY,
LEWIS F. BVINfITON,
■■ DEMOCRATIC NOMINEE.
■ : — : i-
IF YOU WANT THE DEAD RE-
SPECTED VOTE FOR'
C C. O'DONNELL
FOR CORONER. *
BRUSHES s? sas «:
BRUSHES £R sssbs -as
. nouses, billiard table*.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers cannon*
•flyers, flour mills, : foundries, laundries, paner'
bane ers, printers, painters, shoe factories^
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, eta.
.-•■.--■--■■■ BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 bacramento St
"A 'CITIZENS OF SAN FRANCISCO RALLY TO
THE STANDARD OF HON. HORACE DAVIS
Immense Throng
Cheer His
Name.
Republican Candidate
on Crest of Wave
of Popularity.
C 3HE great demonstration of Repub
lican unity and enthusiasm at
Metropolitan Temple last night in-
spires the people to battle with
ii renewed vigor for the election of
Horace Davis and his associates on the
Republican ticket. The prolonged and
hearty cheering of the multitude which
greeted the nominee for Mayor was a
spontaneous tribute of the masses to his
worth ami Intelligence. These great ova
tions ln honor of a candidate signify con
fidence in his leadership and are harbin
gers of victory for the cause which he
represents.
In this campaign the masses— the labor
ers, the mechanics, the merchants, pro
fessional men and taxpayers generally
have resolved that national Issues shall
he considered In their relation to the
progress and development of the commer
cial and manufacturing Interests of San
Francisco. Free and intelligent men will
not allow a candidate for offlce, even the
Mayor himself, to dictate to them what
issues shall be discussed.
Horace Davis' manly and modest speech
p.' Metropolitan Temple last evening add
ed to the list of his admiring legions. He
seemed to the people a great man and
pre-eminently noble in contrast -with Phe
lan, who spoke on the same platform Fri
day night. It was In the minds of tho
people that the outgoing Mayor uttered
a tirade of threats— threatening that he
would not under the new charter appoint
on the non-partisan commissions any Re
publican who should bring national prin
ciples into this local contest. Phelan pic
tured himself as a little oligarch who
would proscribe men for devotion ,to their
flag and country.
It was the talk among Intelligent Dem
ocrats yesterday that the Mayor had lost
is head again and made another bad
break. He blundered when he publicly
stigmatized Horace Davis as a traitor.
He blundered grievously when he sug
gested to the men employed at the Risdon
Iron Works that they should not wave
the starry flag in this campaign. His
declaration Friday night that he would
proscribe certain Republicans was worse
than a blunder. Evidently lt was not in
his mind that the constitution of Callfor
nit gave to every citizen the right to
speak his sentiments freely.
Phelan ls losing ground every day. His
followers are alarmed, fearing that the
Mayor in his desperation will consign
them to political perdition. The Repub
licans are gaining In strength and confi
dence every hour. Everywhere Horace
Davis is greeted with waves of popular
enthusiasm.
Temple Taxed to It 3 Limit
Seldom has the capacity of Metropolitan
Temple been BO severely taxed. There was
not a vacant seat from the edge of the
platform to the uppermost tier of the gal
lery. Rows of men stood along the side
aisles, while the rear of the hall and the
doorways were so crowded that it was
almost impossible to get in or out of th*
hall. The audience was an impatient one.
Long before the time set for opening the
meeting the restless ones began to ap
plaud. Their effort at nolsemaking was
taken up by others until the applause and
cheers were almost deafening.
This was the condition .'.hen Chairman
Al ivier of the Republican County Cen
tral Committee marched on the platform i
followed by the speakers of the evening i
a:.1": the guests of honor. Among these '
were C. L. King, Colonel T. V. Eddy, Asa
R. Wells, Charles Laumeister, A. P. Van
Duzer, Irving M. Scott. William J. Brady,
Hon. George C. Perkins and a host of j
other prominent Republicans. Hon. Hor- !
ace Davis came in during the progress
of the meeting. His appearance set the j
audience wild and it was several minutes j
before the spirit of enthusiasm ran its
course and the cheering ceased. Selections
by the Knickerbocker Quartet did much
to add to the success of the rally.
Mr. Bouvier announced that Hon. John
F. Davis had been hastily called away
just before the opening of the meeting
and would not be present. He also read
a telegram from Hon. F. X. Schoonmake^
stating that he had missed his train at
Dos Angeles and was too far away to
walk to the meeting. William J. Brady
was introduced as chairman of the even
ing, and with but few preliminary re- 1
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MKS. J. S. WEED.
MKS. J. S. WEED.
Her Hair Returns.
Her Hair Returns,
Remarkabie Actioo of a New SSS^&^A
nnA W/\nAnt>f„\ n..--. The remedy Is not a new experiment and no
mm«l tf/n» Jsxml I rt The remedy ls not a new experiment and no
tUIU Wflnnfir? I jirO one need fear that it is harmful. It cured
UUU IIUiiUUIIUI UUIC John Bruner. postmaster of Millville. Henry
/«.- -p«.!J County, Ind.. and he strongly urges everyone
Tni HJI nnQCJQ to try It. A Methodist preacher, Victor A.
lUI L.QIUIIGOOI Falgaux of Tracy City. Term.. was perfectly
bald on his forehead for many years, but now
has a flne growth. Mrs. C. W. Castleman. 8-13
Main street, Riverside, Cal., reports her hus-
LadY Prominent in G. A. R Circles band's shiny head now covered with soft, fine
d , v n *X v rI,IOT hair and she, too, has derived wonderful
KegainS ncr nair Although benefit. Among others who have used the rem-
PiictFiftv ed'y is the wife of George Difenbach. general
•*** -a"-*>l' rlll<J- agent of the Big Four Railroad of Dayton, 0.,
., t R ■n^-rt t™.0.,„ . „ who was entirely cured of baldness.
v« « w 1 W trf?E"rt*r, of Swartz Corp. The president of Fairmount College. Bul-
x?Z . _I',,1 ',, '. ' hf-aa'-i,jarteni at New phur, Ky., Professor B. F. Turner, was bald
Albany, Bradford County, Pa., owes a for thirty years and -now has a splendid
luxuriant growth of hair to a new and valu- growth of hair from having tried this re-
able remedy discovered by a Cincinnati Dis- markable remedy.
I..>nnary. in response to their offer to send The remedy also cures itching and dandruff,
,^1 thf J.^LJ«. r,nl!Tl>SuaUo?s- Mrs* W*"^ sure signs of approaching baldness, and keeps
?«»«.««??« »', o"?, altllr,ufh she was past the scalp healthy and vigorous. It also re-
CO years of age, at a time in life when people "tores gray hair to natural color and produces
i~*£ nut «■! h «RVnn^MniB„hol>£leßB- her h*lr thick and lustrous eyebrows and eyelashes. By
.?,™h.L nf* lS2 f^tK luxuriance, much to sending your name and address to the ATten-
ISll' *J2.™lr."B,ht- 21™.' We^d k,ndly helm Medical Dispensary. 313 Butterfleld build-
r^inhi^ nn<. -her Phr,,l>Kra"h» to be ing. Cincinnati. 0., they will • mail you pre-
fetched, one taken some time ago when she paid & free trial of their remarkable remedy.
marks introduced Senator George C. Per
kins as the first speaker.
' Cheers Greet Senator Perkins.
' Cheers Greet Senator Perkins.
The audience had had time to recover
its breath and when Senator Perkins
stepped to the front the yelling and cheer
ing was renewed. The Senator said:
"This splendid audience of men and wo
men speaks more potently than words
that the people are thinking. When the
people think it Is a bright augury for the
success of the Republican party. The
greatest duty of the citizens is to take an
Interest in elections. All source of power
is lodged In the people and must come
from the people. All of us want good
government and good laws honestly ad
ministered. W* all want value received
for the taxes we pay. All of the great
political parties have the same object ln
view, but they differ in the means of
gaining the end. Ally yourselves with
the party that most nearly represents
your ideas and you will make no mis
take. • .». • ;
Political Bosses Are Dead.
"Four charters were presented to the
people and rejected by them before they
found one that suit
ed them, and then
they adopted lt. Our
Democratic friends
claim all of the
credit for this new
law. It has ever
txien thus. They al
ways claim every
thing that is good,
after the Repub
licans have done the
work. I want to re
mind you that lt
was a * Republican
Supreme Court that
pronounced the char
ter constitutional. It
was a Republican —
Senator Str atton —
who cave us the new
HON. GEOROE
C. PfiRKINS
primary law which has resulted in giving
us the cleanest primary election ever held
in this city. Political bosses are not go
ing to live here very long now, because
they are dead already— killed by the
Stratton law. This shows that the Re
publican party is a* party of action, and
not of talk. - -v*. *.-'*. . .
"If we elect our municipal ticket— as I
am sure we will — we will have a free
reading room In every ward ln the city
and bands will play, national airs from
every park. every day in the week. There
Is no use of living unless the light of
happiness is let into our hearts. The Re
publican party practices what it preaches.
The paramount object of the delegates
to our municipal convention was to se
lect the best men— men who have at heart
only that which is best for the city. I
have no time to speak of the weak points
of our opponents. I find enough to do to
tell the many good things about our own
candidates.
Seeks Office for the Honor.
"The history of this State could not be
written without the name of Horace Da
vis appearing on its pages. Judge men by
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 29, 1899.
"WORK FOR THE WHOLE TICKET."— HORACE DAVIS.
what they have done— by their standing
in the community. Horace Davis has
lived here for forty-seven years. Ho is
not like William J. Bryan— seeking otflce
for what there is in it. He wants it for
the honor of the position and for the good
he will bo able to do for the city he loves.
"The charter provides for eight com
missions of public utilities. Whom can you
trust so well to appoint the members of
those commissions fairly and honestly as
the Hon. Horace Davis? He will bring
into oflice with him his years of business
experience. He will give the city the ben
efit of all the years he has devoted to the
public service. The city owes him a debt
of gratitude for consenting to become a
candidate for the office of Mayor.
Many valuable franchises have been
given away during the regime of our
Democratic opponents, and . yet they
claim to be the friends of the people and
to administer municipal affairs in their
interests. The Democrats say, 'Don't talk
national politics in the municipal cam
paign.' Well, if the national administra
tion was Democratic I would recommend
taking their advice. The best Democrats
have come over to the Republican party
and the bad Republicans have gone into
the camp of the enemy."
Davis a Friend of "Workingmen.
Senator Perkins referred to Hon. Horace
Davis' record on the Chinese question
and stated- that when the Chinamen
threatened to .boycott his flour because
of his working for the exclusion act in
Congress he replied that the good of his
fellow, workmen was worth more to him
than all of the trade of China. In clos
ing Senator Perkins said:
. "The election in this great city will be
felt throughout the entire State. If we
elect the Republican ticket Its influence
will be for good."'
The band played and the Knickerbocker
Quartet followed with a patriotic selec
tion which was heartily encored.
Scott Arouses Enthusiasm.
Irving M. Scott was the next speaker.
and spoke in part as follows:
..' "["*!■? weeks ago to-night • I announced
that those who expressed fear that the
> iieiutr wuuia not Be
come a law were
humbugging the peo
ple. Since that time
the charter has been
declared a fundamen
tal law of the com
monwealth by the
highest judicial tribu
nal In the State. I
am for that charter,
and the Republican
party ls for that
charter, because
through it the city. of
San Francisco is des
tined, to ; emerge from
Bemi-obscurlty into
the full light of pros
perity, to which Its
location and re-
IRVIN'Q M. SCOTT
„T ,-:' Z. sources entitle It.
, *,am PG,re tO-n!£ht advocating the
election of Horace Davis for Mayor be
cause the conditions in which our people
And themselves have made it possible to
nominate this best and cleanest represen
tative of; the Republican party for that
high office. *
"I have lived in California through what
I may call Its sleepy period, during the
last ten years, and I have seen It respond
to the Impulse of prosperity which began
to dawn upon the country with the in
auguration of the magnificent administra
tion of William McKinley."
Mr. Scott then proceeded to pay a glow
ing tribute to the national Republican ad
ministration, and declared that he hoped
not oniy for success for the party in the
municipal campaign but also that the
vote of California would be cast for Wil
liam McKinley for a second term as Pres
ident of the United States. He declared
that the war in the Philippines was due to
the fact that a few young and ambitious
men thought more of personal aggrandize
ment than they did for the future of their
country, and had Incited the natives to' a
futile but bloody resistance to the author
ity of the United States
Praise for the Candidates.
; The speaker referred to the Individual
candidates .of the Republican party in
glowing terms. He laid especial empha
sis on the splendid official records of
Auditor Asa R. Wells, who. he declared
was the best Auditor San Francisco ever
had; and of County Clerk William A.
Deane, whose administration has been
above criticism. Continuing, he said-
• "I ask you whether you can pass over
the claims of an honest, successful busi
neaa man of ripe judgment and progiea-
Bive tendencies, and a Republican and
vote for a young Democrat with no spe
cial business training, even though he be
energetic. .
"I. call upon you who can draw, the line
between Improvements and confiscation
to vote for this. ticket, that .we may ride
over good streets and enjoy the advan
tages of good sewerage, at a reasonable
rate of taxation. It is your right and
privilege to . exercise your Judgment in
fasting your ballot, but there are times
when individual preferences - should give
way to, the -dictates of party exigencies,
and I urge upon you to go to the polls on
election day with the firm determination
to vote for the Republican ticket from tcp
to bottom." ■
The applause that followed completely
drowned the music of the band and did
not subside until the appearance of the
popular Knickerbocker Quartet . again
commanded silence. The quartet sang
a "take-off Phelan's candidacy that
brought down the house.
Davis Receives an Ovation.
At this point Horace Davis entered and
the great audience rose as one man in a
wild outburst of enthusiastic 'welcome.
Mr. Davis was at once given the floor and
spoke in substance as follows:
"If anything could inspire, me to elo
quence it is this great and enthusiastic
audience, which is here to-night. I am
particularly pleased to see so many ladies
present, for this, you know, is . a home
campaign, and when the ladies manifest
such a strong interest ln . the meetings
and in the. result of the election It speaks
well for the success of the . Republican
"The subject that we are here to discuss
to-night is the future government of the
city. I want to say to you to-night, as I
have said to you before, that I have been
vltallv Interested in this new charter, as
I have been' interested in charters before.
I was a member of the charter* convention
and I do not know why Democrats should
continue to question this fact. During the
months the charter convention was ln ses
sion I attended all Its meetings whenever
I was in the city. I also attended all the
meetings of the committee of which I had
the honor of being a member, and, as
some of you will remember, I had the
honor to preside at the meeting held after
the convention had concluded Its work to
ratify the charter which it had compiled.
i also wrote personal letters to such mem-
■rsi .of,_ the Legislature as I- thought I
might have some influence with, urging
them to vote for the charter and not Ho
go contrary to the will of the people, who
desired a just and modern form of gov
ernment in place of the present slipshod
municipal machinery with which we are
Incumbered." . , ;.
Eulogizes the Ticket.
Mr. Davis then devoted a few minutes
to eulogizing the capabilities and hon
esty of the other nominees of the Repub
lican party, v.ho, he declared, were men
of Irreproachable character and consti
tuted the best ticket that could have been
selected. As for himself, he was averse
to self-praise, but he believed his record
was well known to the people, and on
that record he was prepared to stand or
fall.
"If you feel that, in view of my record,
I am worthy of your confidence," he said,
"then I ask you to vote for me."
An uproar of applause interrupted the
speaker at this point, and when the
clamor had in a measure subsided Mr.
Davis said quietly, "I see there are a few
here who Intend to vote for me."
Mr. Davis then proceeded to discuss the
policy of the national administration and
the prosperity that is now being enjoyed
over the entire length and breadth of the
country, and asked lf the people of San
Francisco desired that the announcement
should go forth that this city, which had
received and was receiving the great bulk
of this prosperity, had turned Its back
on the party that was responsible for it
all. He concluded with an eloquent ap
peal to the Republican voters of the city
to get out and work for the success of the
entire ticket. He declared with sincere
earnestness that the battle could only be
won by energetic, conscientious work. He
urged all who had not already done so to
join the clubs and work among their
neighbors and friends for the success of
the Republican party at the polls on No
vember 7. As he took his seat a man ln
the gallery proposed three cheers for
Horace Davis, and they were given with
tremendous enthusiasm.
When Phelan Deserted the Charter.
"In IS9C I was a member' of another
charter convention; Mr. Phelan was; we
eleven were; and we wanted a president.
I first suggested James D. Phelan for that
position, and when he was nominated I
made the seconding speech. When James
D.' Phelan was elected" and when he went
to his chair at our head he said: 'Gen
tlemen, I am in favor of this charter, I
will work with you for it and will fight
for it until It is settled at the polls.'
"At that time Sam Ralney was looking
for a man to tako the Democratic nom
ination for Mayor. He offered it to Mr
Phelan and Mr. Phelan went before the
convention and got it. .. The next day he
came before us, the members of the char
ter convention, and said: 'Gentlemen, I
have accepted the nomination for Mayor
and upon the advice of my friends in the
Democratic party I have come to the con
clusion that I may have nothing more to
do with this charter project'— and right
there James D. Phelan took. the orders
of his new-found boss, Sam Ralney and
offered his peremptory resignation as
president and member of the charter con
vention of 1896." ...
This section of the powerful speech of
Judge A. P. Van Duzer was a revelation
to that audience of thousands; that it had
its effect goes without saying. It was
known to many that Phelan had forsaken
the city in 1596, but never before had the
statement been made by such competent
authority or with such positlveness and
directness. Van Duzer minced no
words In that nor did he In drawing the
obvious parallel between the character of
Phelan as then displayed and the "char
acter of Horace Davis as demonstrated by
a long life in politics and out of It. Cheer
upon cheer went up. as he -shot out his
telling charges and twice when he would
have ceased he waa called back to the
rostrum.
"Mayor Phelan came before the people
when he first ran for office and with many
words promised to stop the stealing that
had been going on and he did not do It
He promised again last year and didn't
He's before you . again with . the same
promise and to prove to you that he
won't and cannot when the bosses bring
the pressure to bear upon him I'll just
read you a few, figures." And 'then the
speaker brought the books to show that
despite Phelan promises the .*• administra
tion of the city by him had : cost nearly
a million a year more than' under any
previous rule. -
Home Rule Not an Issue.
Colonel Eddy's arraignment c of those
Republicans the Democrats are wont to
say.; elected their standard • bearer at the
last ] election was particularly strong. in
opening he called attention to the fact
that , his audience . had < had the privilege
of i listening to a coterie of the greatest
men ever brought together under one
roof in California and he paid high in-
Brilliant Orators
Attest His
Worth.
Advocates of Good Gov
ernment Demand His
Election. !
dividual tributes to Senator Perkins,
Horace Davis and the other dignitaries
on the stand.
"I will not use the few minutes I have,"
said Colonel Eddy, "in any invidious
terms or comparisons; I will simply say
that when James D. Phelan, Franklin K.
Lane or that splendid journal, the San
Francisco Examiner, talk to you of 'home
rule' they talk clap trap. We have home
rule and have always had it. and if it has
not been successful it is chargeable to the
people. The question of this campaign is
not home rule but who shall rule. Shall
we turn the city over to Phelan, the Dem
ocratic party and. home rule or shall we
turn it over to Horace Davis, the Repub
licans and good rule."
He dealt with the Phelan Senatorial as
pirations in no light manner, and set it
well before his audience that the flght
of Phelan and the Phelan Democracy was
not so much to assure good government
to San Francisco as to secure to Phelan
the political machinery with which to
work out his bigger aspirations.
"The test of your Republicanism next
year," said he, "will be whether you voted
for Horace Davis or James D. Phelan at
this election. If for Phelan you will not
pass muster as a good Republican— and
you should not. I will not say that the
Republican who votes for Phelan this
year, in the face of all the issues at
stake, is a traitor to his party; I will
simply say he is not a good Republican
and never can be; furthermore that ho
never was."
OPPORTUNITY TO VOTE.
Merchants quested to Allow
Employes Plenty of
Time.
I The directors of the Merchants' Associa
tion, which now numbers about 1100 busi-
ness firms of this city, passed a resolution
at their last meeting requesting all mem-
bers to make arrangements so that their
employes may vote on November 7. Yes-
terday, in compliance with the resolution,
the following circular letter was sent out:
• To the Members of the Merchants' As-
sociation—Gentlemen: Your board of direc-
tors has been requested to call the special
attention of the members of the associa
tion to section 1212 of the Political Code of
California, requiring all employers to allow
their employes two consecutive hours in
which to vote on election day without any
loss of employment or wages. In comply-
ing with this request, this board respect-
fully suggests that it Is a patriotic duty to
permit each employe, who is a voter, suf
ficient time to vote at the coming election,
so that the general interest in our munici-
pal affairs, which this association has fos
tered and encouraged, may be kept up and
result in permanent good government for
our city.
It is recommended -that our members ar-
range beforehand to open their respective
places of business a little later on the
morning of November 7; or, if this is Im-
practicable, to permit as many of their
' employes as can be spared in the morning
to vote before they come to business and
to permit the others to leave for the day
ln time to reach their respective voting
precincts and vote before the closing of the
polls. . **. y_:. si:
Through this arrangement,, very* ■ little
time need be lost and full opportunity will
thus be given for all employes who may
wish to vote. On the other hand, should
there be no uniform course of action ln
this matter, it Is probable that municipal
elections, like other elections, will be made
legal holidays, which would entail consid
erable loss upon trade and industry. The
polls will open election day, November 7,
at 6 a. m. and will close at 5 p. m. Very
truly yours,
BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE MER-
CHANTS' ASSOCIATION.
VETERANS IN LINE.
There will be a grand mass meeting of
soldiers, sailors and Sons of Veterans at
B'nai B'rith Hall next Wednesday even
ing In pursuance of the following call
which has been mailed to the members
of the various patriotic camps:
San Francisco, Oct. 28, 1899.
Dear Sir and Comrades: Recogniz-
ing the importance of the coming elec
tion and its influence upon the next
State and national campaign, we re-
spectfully invite you to attend a mass
meeting of soldiers, sailors and Sons
of Veterans at B'nai B'rith Hall, 121
Eddy street, Wednesday evening, No-
vember 1, 1599. at 8 o'clock.
M. S. BLACKBURN,
Colonel Commanding Leland Stanford
Camp.
W. F. RANDALL,
Colonel Commanding McKinley Camp.
W. R. BENCHLY,
Colonel Commanding Alger Camp.
E. H. HERRICK,
Colonel Commanding Lincoln Camp.
PALO ALTOS MEET.
A large and enthusiastic meeting of the
Palo Alto Social, Athletic and Political
Club was held last night at Turn Verein
Hall for the purpose of taking an active
part in the present campaign. The meet
ing was addressed by Alfred P. Black,
Attorney John W. Koch, William B.
Huddy, the president of the club, and Jo
seph R. Rlttler, secretary. After the
other business of the club had been dis
posed of the club unanimously Indorsed
Horace Davis for Mayor, William Tif
fany for Recorder, Charles H. Jackson
for City and County Attorney, Alfred P.
Black for District Attorney. The follow
ing gentlemen were indorsed for Super
visors: Nathan Bibo, Cyrus Wright and
DR. SANDEN'S WITU WC A \[ MUM
Five Minutes' Talk ff 1 1 1 71 ff Ifl Lil l
j^^^^k. Weakness, the result of youthful indiscretion, means
jMk Weakness, the result of youthful indiscretion, means
j^QB-££-*-MSkv simply that the body is lacking in natural electricity. We
ffigp \WSb- prove this by systematically charging the nerves and tissues
filll -WB with the life-giving current, when strength gradually returns.
Ss^» ffiSlk I haVe Seen Jt in thousands of cases. 1 have devoted thirty
Wgff'^P**^ JBSh years of my practice to weakness of men and use electricity ex-
31 Ifi£^ 4^^B clusively, because drugs only stimulate and only temporarily
'jSi^L^l'^mS^^ benefit. To obtain proper results from electricity it must be used
ffi^^l^ a number of hours each night for two or three months, and this
can be done by the application of my
It generates just the proper amount of current for the best results and you wear it comfort-
ably around your waist all night seven or eight hours, each night for two or three months/and this
life ■ giving electricity will make you a new man. It takes the uneasy pain out of the small of the
back and. strengthens every organ of the body. Write or call for mv little book, which explains
all. Mailed in a plain sealed envelope. If you live near enough, drop in and consult me free of
charge, and let me show you the belt in working order. Personal attention paid to all correspon-
dence. Your case diagnosed and opinions given free by letter if it is inconvenient for you to call.
DR. T. A. SAN DEN, ta third street,
** . SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
U9X SOUTH SPRING STREET. LOS ANGELES. CAL.
Office Hours-9 to 6j Sunday, IO to 1.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Good wearing qualities at unusually low
prices. Large assortment just received.
Black Gros-Grain Dress Silk— New Assortment
2uS.aVntl%^de°f eXC?llentqUal,ty:r^' SenTirall^e^d^l^ble^S **?
Special at $1.00. At $1 and $1.50 per yard.
Blark Armura Dr^ss Silk— Superior Grades
D:d(iK MMUit: UlSs>s> OIIIV 0f p!aln taffeta Ellk9 ln all the im fa„
Now so desirable, -superior qualities shades,
At 75c, $1, $1.25 & $1.50. ; At_soc and 85c.
~r Fancy Striped Taffeta Silks—
Peau de Soie Dress Silk— a?&^ty™i.tSd Colorin£B' BPec,aUjr
The most fashionable of all plain
AfSilSfl per yard 75c, 85c_and $1 yard.
— High Novelty Styles—
o  . i n " _ PMI- Fancy stripe and Persian effect dress
Satin de Lyon DreSS OllK — *"*'■ patt"n* that are now th. rage.
A very '"'"l^W:W^n At $1.25, $1.50, $1.75 and $2
uirpro 3.1.0 J. j „rd
' '' '' ■ J ***■ •*•
Black Brocade Satin Bayadere silk Petticoat Bargain—
Black Brocade Satin Bayadere jsilß Petticoat Bargain—
rirpCC -^iilfS Taffeta Silk Petticoat, made of an ex-
UICOO Olino cellent quality silk, plain color** or
21 inches wide; the regular $1 25 grrade. striped, well worth $8 00.
Special at 75c. Special at $5.75.
KOHLBERG, STRAUSS & FROHMAN,
1220, 1222 and 1224 Market Street.
,107-109 Post Street.
Milo Jeffress. The meeting then ad
journed with three rousing cheers for
Horace Davis.
MERCHANTS IN LINE.
Campaign Committee of the
Horace Davis Business
Men's Club.
A -meeting of the executive committee
of the Horace Davis Business Men's Club
was held at the Union League Club yes
terday. Charles S. Laumelster, chairman,
announced the appointment of a cam
paign committee to consist of the follow
ing:
Louis Sloss, Charles L. Patton, Phil LU
ienthal, Charles L. Field, William Sex
ton, Christian Helwig, George D. Clark,
J. Levi Jr., A. G. Booth, M. Greenebaum,
E. B. Cutter, C. F. Bassett, Isaac Upham,
A. H. Vail, J. P. Le Count, Samuel Hen
dy, J. C. Campbell, P. B. Cornwall. S. H.
Kent, Judah Newman and A. P. Van
Duzer. ' ■'-.;_. '.-. -i*
The campaign committee will meet at
the Union League Club to-morrow even
ing at 8 o'clock. It is believed that all the
Republican merchants or San Francisco
will be enrolled under the banner of Hor
ace Davis before November 7.
CANDIDATES INDORSED.
The South Park Improvement Club held
a well-attended meeting at its headquar
ters. 930 Howard street, last night for the
purpose of indorsing candidates who are
in sympathy with the needs of the dis
trict regarding street and park improve
ments. The club has been in existence
over twenty years and has been a power
In politics during that time. Last election
out of twenty-three candidates indorsed
out of twenty-three candidates Indorsed
by the club twenty-one were elected.
M. J. Meßride, the president of the club,
presided and introduced the following
presided and Introduced the following
speakers, who delivered stirring speeches
on the issues of the present campaign:
E. W. Close, A. B. McClellan, J. D. Ker
sey and M. J. Meßride. The following
Republican candidates appeared before
the club and after pledging themselves
the club aud after pledging themselves
in favor of needed improvements in the
South Park district -were indorsed: Wil-
South Park dlstrlct*were Indorsed: Wil
liam Watson, Supervisor; William A.
Deane, County Clerk; Charles H. Jack-
Deane, County Clerk; Charles H. Jack
son, City Attorney; John Farnham, Pub
son, City Attorney; John Farnham, Pub
lic Administrator. The meeting concluded
with three cheers for Horace Davis, who
with three cheers for Horace Davis, who
was indorsed at a previous meeting of the
club. The club will hold a rousing meet
club. The club will hold a rousing meet
ing at the same place to-morrow night.
ing at the same place to-morrow night.
Waiters Are Not in Politics.
Editor Call: Referring to an open let
ter published October 6 concerning the
McNab and the Democratic conventions,
and purporting to be signed by an author
ized committee of the Pacific Coast Wait
ers' Association, we wish to state to the
public that no one has been given power
public that no one has been given power
to represent us in any way so far as pol
itics are concerned. This organization is
itics are concerned. This organization is
purely a fraternal Institution and has no
thing whatever to do with politics. By
thing whatever to do with politics. By
setting the association right before the
public through the columns of your great
public through the columns of your great
paper, you will greatly oblige.
PACIFIC COAST WAITERS' ASSOCIA-
TION.
Per GEORGE W. ROWE,
Per GEORGE W. ROWE,
Recording Secretary.
Buswell Paint Co.
Manufacturers
Sent Free f _ _A $41 01
Money Back If |fefe,sSE£^'j| $ H I -**-—
youdon^likeit gPflffl | PER CAL,
7,°"716 E^S^ Market St
Broadway ESS"™!!^ - san "
Oakland . w^it^is^- Francisco
If your painter or dealer can not furnish lb<
BUSWELL PAINTS
i SEND DIBECT TO US
FORTUNES
IN OIL
The Continental
Oil and
Development Co.
This Company was Incorporated
as a close corporation, with only
6000 shares of stock.
The Board of Directors have de-
cided to put about 1000 shares of
this stock on the market for de-
velopment purposes. Consequently.
a person owning one share of stock
will have a big Interest.
The Company owns by United
States patent five 20-acre tracts in
what is called "The Oil Basin,"
Kings County, the richest oil bear-
ings in the entire belt. This la one
of the few genuine opportunities
that has been offered as an Oil
investment.
For further particulars call on or
address
A. E. RUDELL, Sec,
222 Sansome St., S. P.
WM. CORBIN. Pres.
Floods in Jamaica. ■»
KINGSTON, Jamaica, Oct. 28.— Jamaica
is flooded as the result of three days ol
continuous rainstorms, and yesterday thii
city was covered with water to the depth
of eight Inches. Business has been prac
tically suspended and railway traffic ii
blocked on both sections. It is feared
that extensive damage has been done is
the country districts. Some damage has
been sustained in Kingston and a fe*w
fatalities are reported.
34
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
.^: Just received. Our CT nfl /CSI B '■ at_ tV J.J
fc LTdieB." two9-oias°p Ms^^'^hi^r/' P"^^^'-' Yard. 3
% WW,zWW"k:W2, Annlk-ne' Hpftftt iscYard. 3
.jfc- French Castor, Suede Rl g j||||t [4 Hi( R„B HJB Cj J 100 pieces real Scotch 3
fc Flque Gloves. In pearl 111 || I B BES E UVI U-* I Tennis Flannel; me- "2
»_ grny. mode and black. ■ lil 831 ilium colors; ln stripes \Z\\
V»l.sQ.glA,yteed-| nillllllUl Ml UUI [and checks; • worth Sde. |
g^; fitted nr.d guaranteed. I^B^ _\_V - i VS*? U S^ i \t£f a antl checks; worth 3JC "^|
i Dress Goods Even! for lis Week. I
The rapid growth of our D,ress Goods Department is mainly due to two causes : j3
The rapid growth of our Dress Goods Department is mainly due to two causes : 3
JE Firstly, because of the reliability of the goods presented, and, secondly, because _—
gf of the unusually low prices quoted. Among the many prominent and stylish Dress 3
21 Fabrics on sale this week we have included the following exceptionally great leaders, 3
y~ that for excellence, quality and low prices stand unequaled. Come and see 12
g^ them and judge of their intrinsic worth for yourself. 3
»— 7C,. YARD— Worth $1 25: new 42-lnch alt-wool Imported Uini! OQAnC DIAOif PDCDDUC 3
fc (Ut Camel's Hair Cheviot Suitings, in the most popular col- ntUii."UllrtUC DLAUN UllLrUllU
fc crinsrs of brown, gray, green and blue. This cloth cannot be ; «..-,,, nninrn -*_\
fc duplicated for less than ** a yard. fl| SPECIAL PRICISi
fc C7.M SUlT— Worth $12 'V- new 52-Inch Imported Venetian Cflf.Bs A PUT- $T 50-. black Crepon. 42 inches wide, ln
fc~ Wl Suitings, the most fashionable plain fabric for a hand- *W — mohair and wool, in pretty raised effects, several pat- ""J
fc: some taller costume, a silk finished cloth of the hlchest order. terns to choose from. 13
f* ln ill the correct and wanted colorings of tray, in light jtQ-00 A SUlT— Worth $12 00: black Mohair Blister Crepon. ln ~^j
fc; idlui and dark caster, brown, navy, national blue, green, pur- *OtF ._ all -he newest raised effects in small and medium, very —3
_^~ pie. amethyst and black. lustrous, already shrunk. "*J
\\__l „ „. . . .WW ' , _. ... CtOOO A SUlT— Worth US 00: highest Novelty Black Silk 3
£l ROr YARD-t\rrth II <V sponsred Cheviot Puttings: a ship- •© I ,£, Crepona, looms never create* richer weaves in black. "^2
•^Z f VfW ment of KM pieces just arrived. 46 inches wide, steam i 7hev coma ln many choice and exclusive designs, manufactured 13
£- shrunk and sponged, warranted all wool and rainproof, in all j for this fall by tha most noted English crepon manufacturer. -5
fc- the new fall .hades and black; Instead at Jl BO per yard, SOc yd. -— j
% I h „ , ,| SILK SPECIALS. %
i I A-tain to-morrow w« will exhibit a superb „a, ,1 SILK SPECIALS, 3
_*- Again to-morrow w» will exhibit a superb collection of _'*'"'. „„,_ , . . _, , , ~^
fc th, moet exquisite and very latest Plaids, styles that you Good Silks are always a desirable Investment, particularly -**
fc cannot find elsewhere, ranging In price from "ll 50 to $3 00 *-• they c*an be purchased under price. To-morrow will af- r^g
t yard. ford yon Just such an opportunity. Den t let it pass you. J
fc^ The following special lot at the exceptionally low price j OCl^-. YARD— 3OO piece. IS-inch Taffeta Silk, in plain and 3[
{L— we have selected for to-morrow's great selling: ■ OOC- changeable colorings, absolutely reliable for wear and _^
fc el YARD— Worth Jl 50: 75 pieces 44 to 46 Inch New i *<iual to any "- Taffeta. This week. 65c yard. -^
-^- tj) I Z.beline and Camel's lair Haid!, ln the choicest Qprr YARD— 2.'W yards 24-Inch Black Satin Duchesse, pure —3
fci and most brilliant effective styles, an Ideal plaid for a swell j OtJ-w dye. a rich and lustrous quality that can be depended —3
fc^_ skirt; goods ell worth S*. 50 a yard. j upon to wear well and give general satisfaction; regular value, _^
Jfc  i . i ' ' *'• 25. On sale, special, at Ssc yard. — *4
|fc: ejr | oo TARP -New Plk Poplins, In great demand fust now f.r Walsta and Costumes, tn the correct Fall shades of ~^
SH ig:l00 YARD— Xew Silk Poplins. In great demand Just now for "Waists and Costumes. In the -correct Fall shades of **3
_*- tj)l — cream, cardinal, navy, national blue, tan, castor, gray and violet. *
1 1 bw:::^. LINEN REMNANTS. SiiEi 1 1
1 1 SrEI LINEN REMNANTS. iSSi 1 1
E ONM-QUARTSR OFF REGULAR LOW PRICES. 3
fc To-morrow begins our great CLEAN-UP SALE of Table Linens, Crashes, Napkins and Towels. The great 3
»_ Special Linen Sale, which far exceeded our fondest expectations, has just been brought to a close. The 33
fc same has left us in accumulation of many hundreds of Remnants, in desirable lengths, of Table Linens 3
fc- and broken dozens of Table Napkins and Towels. Desiring an immediate clearance of same, we shall 13
2~ offer, commencing to-morrow, the entire lot of Remnants at ONE- QUARTER LESS THAN ORIGINAL 3
fc PRICES. Do not miss procuring some of thes* Linen bargains, but come early to-morrow. j-j
& SOME FINE VALUES IN HOUSE FURNISHINGS, Dor Superior Styles in SILK and FLANNEL WAISTS. I
IB 81 ' \ZWy^^^y^r~^lW^ » ™v* i« l-P-W. to Ascribe all the beautiful 3
**" eral pretty d'«lgn«- regular value $ '"" styles In Silk and Flannel Waists on exhibition to-morrow =5
fc C A .91 EACH-15 dozen Eiderdown Bed Comforter., extra w!l:^ w,?re revived the past week. -+
\\z -C*~r lnrge size and heavy, both sides covered -with the best me many ladles who visit our store are nnanimou. in their -■-
e»»— quality French Sateen, in the prettiest designs; actually worth approval of -■■- superb garments, faultless ln style, perfect — 9
* JG SO. fitting and made of superior mat»rial. Two lines of exceptionally ■"■
g- PZCils-' BACH— IOO dozen Hemmed Bed Sheets. ?lx»0. made of beautiful garments will be on sale to-morrow at $6. each. -***■-»
CH O* •.'^» a superior quality sheeting: special at BSVifc „.„..,,, . _.„. , /:*••'■• --«
fc «rtl ri,'u_.,*., dosen HemitltehM PiUow rases *5x3«. of EA?UAIN ]-Lad!es Waists, of best quality Taffeta Silk, tucked -«
SI 12-C a^ extrT heavy i"l n reclaUt He c" h ■ front and back, aso stock collar, in the latest hemstitched 3
few'c ■-*'-w' an extra heavy muslin, special at i.^c each. effect. In the newest fall colorings and black all C»£».so W2
•— fjl/-* YARD— 500 pieces new Outing Flannel, quite heavy sizes; regular value 59 00. Your choice at Each ■«?>*o —
g— lltC and fieecy. in pretty stripes of pink, blue and gTay; -.„-,._, „ . _____*
fc the same is usually retailed at 10c a yard. For a leader to- • BARGAIN n— Ladles French Flannel Waists, a d-eclded novelty, Z^
t+~ racrrow e^c yard. ff superior workmanship, embroidered In fleur-de-lis design, — «
t^— " In red. new blue and white; pronounced the pret- £A (in —*
i SPECIAL ITEMS IN FALL UNDERWEAR. \^ZZZT WZ™ZZZ,Z:WZ.ZW^ 1
■»— *OS EACH— l.ariies" Half- Wool -via Vnlon Suits, In white j-C * a pretty striped flannel, extra heavy, crocheted edge ~^
S^Z © 1 and natural, very heavy and nicely finished. Regular j and satin bound sailor collar; all sizes. Regular price $2 SO.
g 25c Vsßi?lffi,l^,Sai*,ShJ?^a Hose> fMt $2-" "^r^Ttrl^V^l^^a^ef^ 3
fc -0t black, sizes SH to SH. Regular value 40c. j gray. braided front and back, lined, extra length; sizes 34 to « Z«
•*" O-^r* EACH— Children's Jersey-Ribbed Fleece-Lined Vests. [worth $3 00.- Your choice at |2 25. ' -^
gr~ -^O-w Pants and Drawers, in natural; sizes IS to 34. Regular 1 _, _ , _im, , _ . , ™*S
S= value 25c and 40c. I ftsr EACH— Ladles Flannelette Mght Dresses of a good rSk
fc noir PAlft-lkdles" CUhm Merino Fast Black Ho-e. all j JJ? 7a S'^S Sf el 'In dainty stripe, of pink and
— - OOC sizes; the regular EOc quality. Special at 33 1-Jc pair, j. " ' -a at we- -^
Ifc: i 5*1 1"5 EACH— IS dozen Ladles' Flannel Waists, made of an 13
-*-*" CAMPY finnn? "■*-- 'xlT3i quality ladles' clcth. trimmed with two rows of —•
fc rMriul UUUUO . soutache^ braid and lined throughout, correct colors, all sties. 13
SH QAr YAR-D-New Chiffon Dotted Veiling, in the latest col- ' °rth *! M' -*»
g»— s£yj^. orings, IS inches wide; regular value 35c. For Monday J
fc =s^, EACH-W dozen Ladles' White Embroidered Scalloped A OrtulAL LINING PER i
ZZ~ "v Handkerchiefs. Regular value 10c. ;■****
SC: Cl, EACH-300 -en Ladlesl Sheer Lawn. Hand-Bmbrold- | 9C Z$ >->arPilk Lining, ,n all th* -^
JI O.IC ered Initial Handkerchiefs. Regular value 15c. test col^»lf*- Regular value 20c. 3
S^ i)sr EACH— A sample lot of Ladles' Belts or. sale for less I si^P YARD— Xew 24-lnch Silk Serge Lining, all colors. Reg- -^
s^». *o** than one-half: about 250 assorted Leather and Black ""V ular price GOo yard. —^
y*~ E!a-?tic Beaded Belts, this season's make; regular value iOc, 75c — «>
J- and Sl i>?. Ycur choice at 25c each. "**B
I A RIBBON OPPORTUNITY FOR THIS WEEK. M , JLSMS"ffI-S£ ... „ 1
fc: Q-rtr» PIECE— SOO pieces No. ' Black Satin and Gros Grain an unusually low price, which we will dispose of quickly. "3
•— OUw Ribbon, all silk. _nn .. „ 7 *,*, *! w **• ,
fc 4()c FIECE-500 ri-eces Xo. a Black Satin and Gros Grain 50° New Umbrellas at $1.50 Each, Worth $2.50. 3
tl Ribbon.l all silk. >lade °* '■■'-* twiUe<j gloria silk, with steel rod and __„_„_ 3
fc SSC £X.S:ETS?9 rleces NO 5 Black Satin and Groa Grain frame, •' a choice assortment of selected handles, in Dresden -9
•J^ t»t_»*W Ribbon, all silk. natural, horn. etc. "• —^
St: 7«/. PIECE— SOO pieces No. 1 Black Satin and Grwj Grain ', -*+
% EXTRA SPECIAL! MACKINTOSHES, 3
. a°rEXTRA SPECIAL! „„' s,MAGKINTOSHES' 3
fc XOOB pieces Xo. M ar.d Xo. 50 Black Moire All-Silk Ribbon, ex- * FULL LINB FO" LADIES AND CHILDREN. 12
tra heavy quality, .--, to 4 Inches wide; regular value SOc Cs*oo EACH— Ladles' Mackintoshes, of a nan- blue cr»™» -^
fc 45c OU- cloth. with double-breasted military cape lined -^
fc On Sale at 20c and 25c Yard. j * AtVo*l & dark llaid llninc' warrar'te<l w»terProof; aii =■■$
ZZ -_l
fc SEE WINDOW DISFLAY. COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. 3
fi.i>utiUUiuiauHmJUiUuiluiiuUuimii>iuutiUium<iiiiimu.miii<>ia>li,iUmiliiuliie,,tl
fiiiwiijiiauuiuiuiuiujuiiiiuiiuujujiiiiuaiuiaiuiiiiuiiuiiiiiianiaiiiiiiiiuiuiumnwiil
WOULD STOP PUGILISM.
ST LOUIS. Oct. 2S.—Chief of Police
Campbell applied to the prosecuting at
torney to-day for a warrant for the ar
rest cf Charles Houghton, manager of the
"■CVest End Athletic Club, under whose
auspices the fistic encounters at the Coll
reum last night were given. The Chief
s-aid the contests were prizefights and he
had refrained from stopping them by ex
press orders from the Board of Police
Commissioners. He was instructed to ap
ply for warrants If he found the contests
were really fights.
Assistant Prosecuting Attorney Johnson
told the Chief that If he issued warrants
for Houghton he would have to issue
them also for the officers and directors of
the Exposition Comnany. ln whose build
ing the contests toofc p'.ace. He said that
he would take the matter under advise
ment and decide on Monday.
IN CASES.
Ot perfect and reliable purity, unequaled fe?
medicinal and table use. and guaran-
teed by shippers.
CHARLES MEIKECKE d CO..
CHARLEB MEIXECKE A CO..
-Bole Agenta, tli Sacra in esto Street. ■. T.
THE REIFFS
RIDE FOUR
WINNERS
Field Day for the American
Brothers at Hurst Park
Course.
Special Dispatch to Thi Call.
LONDON. Oct. 28.— At the Hurst Park
October meeting to-day Sweet Batham.
Sloan up. won the Stewards' Nursery ban.
dicap. The betting was 7 to 1 against
Sweet Batham.
A two-year-old selling plate was won by
Westmoreland, ridden by L. Rei ft. Sloan
rode Car.deros and was unplaced. The
betting was 6 to 1 against Westmoreland
and 10 to 1 against Canderos.
Ultimatum, ridden by J. Relff, won the
Moseley Park autumn handicap. Baldur,
with Sloan In the saddle, was unplaced.
The betting was S to 2 against Ultimatum
and 5 to 2 against Baldur.
An all-aged selling plate was won by
Papola, ridden by L. Rent. Queen's Wake.
on which Sloan had the mount, was sec
ond. The betting was 7 to 1 against Pa
pola and 2 to 1 atrainst Queen's Wake.
The Saturday handicap resulted in a
victory for Le Bliron. L. Reiff took sec
ond place with Suppliant. Mvakka. rid
den by Sloan, finished third. The betting
was I to I against Suppliant and 5 to 1
against Myakka.
The Brockley plate was won by Bear
wood, ridden by L. Re!*?. Wolfe's Hope
and Marauder were second and third re
spectively. The latter was ridden by Mar
tin. The betting was 13 to S against Hear
wood and 9 to 2 against Marauder.
THREE JOCKEYS INJURED.
Macon, Manitoban and Sir Guy Pell
in a Race at Aqueduct.
ln a Race at Aqueduct.
NEW YORK. Oct. 21- An accident oc
i curred in the third race at Aqueduct to- i
day. which may result seriously. On the j
far turn three horses went down In a !
bunch, and alt their Jockeys were more !
,or less hurt. Macon. Manitoban an Sir I
Guy -re the b rees, ridden respectively j
by Cobb. Callahan and H. Evans. ft
looked as If Macon crossed his lege and !
fell, and the others could not prevent fall-
ing over him. Cobb's and Callahan's col-
lar bones were broken, while Evans is
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 29, 1699.
said to be injured internally. The rae r<*
suited in a »«»«tional dead heat we/"
Shoreham the favorite, and Irwin
A\ar!n. in the last race wasThs „niv
favorite to win. Results: * only
Belling .about sea-en furlongs— won
-*' Pride second. Sir Florian thlrt L Tta2;
Mile and a slxte^nth-Trlllo won. Belle of
r£spfecon,J; Th/ 0-ardner third. Time ■« 3 V
M&W furlon^-Shorehara and Erwi,
ran a dead heat. Jacoma third Time 1 isT '
Mile and a sixteenth- Not w-^Warren
ton-second Charenthus third. Time ' l-« t-s
<sniL,e-.anaef*veni? yards, seliinff-Ou^n Xt
foai won. Sister Fox second. Ga*e ttlrt. Ttaet
Five and a half furlonps-Wartn won Belle
Kve and a half furlongs-Warln won Belie
Time, l/c&l-lk £*Co^'i• Prestidigitator ' third.
CINCINNATI. Oct. 25.-The Latonla tell
meeting closed to-day in a rain storm.
The track was deep in mud. On Monday
the fall meeting of the Queen aty Jockey
wlll open for eighteen days' racing
RewlS °Pen r elg&te€n da>-s' racing.
Six furlongs. selling-Albert Vale won. Dotr.o
setta second. Meddlesome third. Time l-isi4
Five furlongs— E>eceptrtx won, Sea-let Lily
second. Fairy Dell third. Time? 1:«H Uy
Handicap mile and one-eighth— The Star of
-SO Planter second. Pinochle
third .^7:11 ° PlaDter B*Cond" PIQOChU
The Kentucky Central- stakes, for two-year-
Kentucky ' Central stakes, for two-vear
olds, one n:il%-Lleutenant Gibson won. Ken
tacky Farmer second, Florlrer third. 'Time.
One mile, selling— Lord Zen! won. Pat Cle
burn second. Hand •*- third. Time, l:4«£
CHICAGO. Oct. 25.-To-day *«s get
away day at Harlem, and next week the
racing will begin at Lakeside. Results:
p^'c^.ll *IXter,S- ««"«ng-Vol«ndles won.
Pat Garrett second, Rosavannah third. Time!
"ii- -
Five furlonw— Peace won. Harry Thobum
second. Little Jack Homer third! Thoburn
Little Jack Homer third. Time. 1:04.
v-?nJ-*»a«; 1 -twenty yards-Great Bend won.
r 4S* ■ Highway second. Moroni third. Time)
Mile and a quarter, eelllnr- Lee wen
Plantain Fecond. Rollins third. Tim- i-'..yW
,JZ~\**rV*y th* fiddler won. Isabev eee
cad. Elidad third. Time. 1:51.
MUe. se..,n-*j— Tarpan won. David second.
Monongah third. Time. won. David second
*cih third. Time. lrMv
Good Flow of Oil.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 28.-OH well No. ■
[5 at Fullerton. owned by the Santa Fe
road, yesterday attained a depth of 1200
feet and at that level became a source of
surprise by the volume of oil that sud- j
denly rushed to -the surface. While the
workmen were engaged in lowering more
casing th* oil burst forth with such pow- |
er that the derrick became loosened and j
tools were sent flying in all directions
The flow is now twenty-four barrels an
hour, and indications point to a continu- !
ance. The oil stratum Is reported as 600
feet thick, the biggest in the field.
WILLIAM WANTS
A HEW CABINET
Desires Changes to Get
a Big Navy.
Copyrighted. 1599, by the Associated Press.
BERLIN", Oct. Emperor William Is
looking for another Cabinet, but has not
yet found the material for it. In place
of Dr. yon Miquel, the Minister of
Finance, his Majesty wanted Herr Sie
mens of the Deutsch Reichsbank. and .n
place of Herr Thielmann, the Minister of
Public Works, he wanted Herr Jencke,
the Krupps' general manager. But they
both declined on Sunday, the reason
being that their present Jobs are more lu
crative, so the Emperor ls still seeking
other suitable men. One of the reasons
why he desires new men is that he wishes
the navy greatly Increased, and faster
than at the present rate, and he ueems the
existing Cabinet too yielding to efficiently
push these wishes before the Reichstag.
The Emperor's Hamburg toast is gen
erally Interpreted as urging the necessity
of a much larger navy, while an inspired
article in the Nord Deutsche Allegemelne
Zeitung, apparently contradicting the
Idea, 16 regarded as intended to smooth
matters. Admiral yon Tirpltz. Secretary
of the Navy, has received his Majesty's
sanction to project an enormous increase
of the navy, giving it fifty-seven battle
ships, fifteen large and thirty-six small
cruisers, and making it equal in size and
efficiency to any other navy, Great Brit
ain's excepted. This would involve an ex
penditure of 1,700,000 marks and make th»
naval budget 212,500,000 marks annually.
Later to-day it was learned from an ab
solutely reliable source that Prince Ho
henlohe had agreed to the folleiwln.^ new
naval programme, and that the Govern
ment, the Emperor consenting, will pre
sent the programme to the Reichstag be
tween 1901 and 1903. Instead of one ship
each year three will be built annually un
til 1916. From these vessels a new third
squadron will be formed and also reserve
squadrons In place of the Siegfried class.
The number of cruisers in foreign waters
will be increased by six large vessels.
The Emperor has been of the opinion
since 1597, when the present p;an was
adopted, that the political situation of the
world has changed so enormously since
the Spanish-American war, the seizure
of Kiaochou, the looming of the whole
Chinese question and the development of
Japan as a big maritime power that it
would be a suicidal policy for Germany
to stick to- that plan; that It would be
tantamount to her abdication as a big
power; and he trusts that there is enough
patriotism in the Reichstag to insure the
Increased navy which Germany needs to
fully play the role he believes Is her due.
The correspondent here of the Associ
ated Press recently had a conversation
with an employe of the Foreign Office
who fully enjoys the Emperor's confi
dence, and he took special pains to assure
the correspondent that the projected in
crease must in no sense be construed as a
menace to any power or group of powers.
He added: "For a colonial power like Ger
many, it has become a matter of necessity
to get a bigger navy. Recent events show
how necessary it is."
It Is Interesting how public opinion has
taken this idea of the Emperor. Its re
ception has been most varied. The whole
Agrarian press seized the opportunity to
assure the Emperor that the Agrarians
are quit* willing to vote for a bigger navy
if he will drop his canal project. The
Kreuz Zeltung says there is not enough
money to pay for both. The Centre or
gans declared that the absolute necessity
for the increase must be shown before the
Delegates in the Reichstag vote for It,
and the National Liberal. Reichsparte,
Pan-German. Anti-Semite and a number
of non-partisan papers discuss the plan
rather favorably. .
On the other hand, the whole Radical
and Socialist press decries the need of the
increase. These papers claim that the
masses have about reached the limit of
taxation and ought not to be further bur
dened under any circumstances. The
opinion of well-informed politicians is
that Prince Hohenlohe will be only too
glad to resign as soon as the Emperor
finds a suitable successor, hut It will be
difficult to replace him In these critical
times. So far his Majesty does not know
whom to ask to step into Prince Hohen
lohe's ■hoes. He has no Intention of re
placing Count yon Buelow, the Minister
of For-»i-m Affairs, although the latter for
some time has been the butt of a large
portion of the press, owing to what the
newspapers consider lack of courage and
pluck in dealing with recent questions <-f
foreign politics. The entire jlnsro pres*
violently attacks him this week for his al
leged subserviency to Great Britain and
the Unit*.' States In the Transvaal and
Samoan matters. The pr'ss continues to
discuss these questions repeatedly.
Accidentally Killed.
TACOMA. Wash.. Oct. Robert Mln
ne?, manager of the wholesale department
of the People's Store, the largest depart
ment store In the Northwest, accidentally
shot and killed himself to-night.
<2' , this dangerous
Jp|||L conditioncomesfrom
a '-'^fcifl -4 "weak nerves"
£ HUPYANICUBES
tJWW HUDYAN CURE^
- {£^^r^
Wffm \ I Mil., 1H i/A The numbers tell whether
J Fff ffll i l'in>\ t -A\ or not y°u are in danger of
/t'i' iti J Hit ill I faE-vV serious heart trouble. Note
ml l*/ I lti''iU\-Ts\ the symptoms: Dull or
ls\x- 111 I J ImmAi^ throbbing pains In head (fig.
/c-til /ll frlliSrw4' K-\ !">• choking sensations (flg.
l\\WWl\\v)lf!lt V*^s=~^\ 2)- Pale, haggard look (fig.
( "«^\\vs [ I'FM-'w n*%^A 3-^: sunken eyes, pufflness
/ ■*» t'^^fi under eyes, twitching of lids
} gbj \ zy^fMf. / J Jo?' (fig- 4): vertigo, dizzy spells
/ V / -W* (flg- 5): cold extremities
/ y V / ~^& (AS- 6)- Paln in back (flg. 7).
6 I. 1 f -&-S-\Al',//j!jy «r -r^*< Other symptoms danger
/g& W~-\. W*Zs-.- ./ / (fi^- 4>: vertigo, dizzy spells
/ 7 j^^>^Bi "' / (flg. 5); cold extremities
/ ?/ X^*---*^^^^\ / (fiS- 6). Pain in back (flg. 7).
iff \x '^'^ Other symptoms of danger
/-y / %iN \2§*>« are clouded memory, morbid
. ~^j / WMW/"(q fears, disturbed sleep, horrid
_. / / W.F&K dreams, tendency to faint,
\r\ L& ll s"s*^ lack of energy.
/* IA *^a^ HUDYAN averts the dan-
J/i WS. I / x4/iir~=Z&_ ger, because HUDYAN cures
iJa^ // y. '/'J, jVFjf^ all Nervous Troubles.
ff\ -^/^yJ/j^r/M^. Nervous Disorders of wo-
I _<=2i^ 6 fJ%/£&P&t\ men are usually accompa-
* I •<> Jff/z¥*W§W§s WW Died b>' Painful periods, ir-
w i ■z=^7'str///£hKS£^: t% regular periods, profuse or
■4 A -^' Z/ j /Wv4v-^^<\'^~- scanty menses and a profuse
'\ 4'-^/ /Itffl&t&^+ZZ^Z 'i mucous discharge.
1 W>: 'I/7rWfV%fc\\ HUDYAN cures every
\ Z- ,Z '&Z'&&ty,»\'%WiS&£- symptom enumerated above.
V-**^-/ i/'lS^ 'k Wk\l\ HUDYAN banishes the
y^^iyMlaS^Mlk'^Y^M blues- restores lively spirits,
fs-^cWßrna*." Aj-fy^-' ''*I'jk,1 'jk, "(IW makes one look and feel
fiW%4bVfiLts >KSil^§^ lhAf \^F young. It does this because
rSft^VYT(\ S/Z&y*'* Z' -'*" *S~=T7 lt Sivea tone to "very nerve
_WtWS-_f/^_^ii4W\¥^-f^ ln the body' HUDYAN al-
fWW^^S^M//nt\\* '' '' * Vl ' -1 lV lf^it<^ lays pain and nervous excit-
(WS&//Mh\\Wv\ I'S^f ability.. HUDYAN lnvigor-
Pi I*7*: v- • i. WWW- ates and strengthens the
S^wriw' , *k.V" whole system.
J^^- W' f.'-i ■ After tak,'ns HUDYAN
AUeW taklng HUDYAN
/SfckW/W KtoU,\\V: "=- appetite returns, sleep be-
_*-_t-W' "lJ__* v i fci\VJ __?= comes sound and restful.
<^^*L-3\:=*' -t—WT, ' \U -=^" nervousness _is a p p ears,
5| %j^^j-:-'"^Sr color returns to the cheeks
•££ -^jf , and/ renewed vitality per-
y vades the whole system.
V Ask your druggist for
MEN amd womEN, UDYAN— a package.
„ _ six packages for $2.50. If
HUDYAN, 90c be does not keep it send di-
rect to
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
Corner Stockton. EIHs and Market Sts.. San Francisco. Cal
YOU MAY CONSULT HUDYAN DOCTORS ABOUT YOUR
CASE FREE OF CHARGE. CALL OR WRITE
ENGLAND LIKELY
TO YIELD SAMOA
May Withdraw in Favor
of Germany.
Copyrighted, 1899, by the Associated Press.
BERLIN, Oct. 28.— Samoa continues to
exercise the press, which indulged this
week in the wildest surmises. On the
authority of the Foreign Office and the
United States Embassador, Mr. Andrew
D. White, the correspondent of the Asso
ciated Press Is in a position to say 'hat
the present situation is that the negotia
tions between Berlin and Washington
some time ago reached a satisfactory
agreement, and those between Berlin and
London are progressing satisfactorily.
The chances that they will shortly reach
a definite and satisfactory conclusion have
appreciably improved during the last few
days.
Great Britain seems on the point of
yielding, to a certain extent, to Germany's
claims and representations of major right*
in the Islands. At present it looks as
though Great Britain would retire alto
gether and leave Germany in sole posses-
sion of Upolu, Savail and other islands,
except a coaling station at Pago Pago,
belonging to the United States. This so-
lution, ln fact, has been reached In prin
ciple, but what equivalent Germany Is to
cede to Great Britain Is yet In doubt.
What has just been said shows the earn-
est desire of the German Government to
remove all ground for friction with the
United States. As Indicating an equal
wish to cultivate the most friendly rela
tions, may be mentioned the delicate com-
pliment paid the United States on the oc
casion of former President Benjamin Har
rison's visit to the new palace at Pots-
dam, when the Star 3 and Stripes were
hoisted on the palace. This was the first
time they ever floated over a royal Prus
sian or Imperial palace.
Another attention was shown General j
Harrison. When the personnel of the
United States Embassy was entertained
at dinner by Prince Hohenlohe, the latter
and all the German officials present did
not wear their decorations, as a delicate
compliment to the American guests.
The last of the new chain of forts about
Metz has just been begun near Point de j
Jour. Ten million marks will be spent on
i these fortifications this year and during
■■ the coming spring. About 1500 men, most- :
ly Italians, are employed on them. The
war Office is experimenting on a large ;
ale 'with Russian frozen pork, mutton
and beef.
Miss Regina Mueller, a German-Ameri- !
can, has erected a flne villa on an estate j
' covering seventeen acres of ground, at
Spreenhagen. near Berlin, which has just
been opened as a home for cats. Dr. j
Eugene Wasdin, past assistant surgeon
of the United States Marine Hospital ser-
vice, has arrived here after a tour of in-
spection of the continental ports. Lieu- j
tenant Commander William H. Beeler, the
United States naval attache, starts on
home leave on November 2.
MORRISON THINKS HIS
SON WAS INNOCENT
Remains of the Texas Preacher Who
Was Hanged to Be Brought
to Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 28.— Rev.
George Edgar Morrison, who was yester
day hanged in Vernon, Tex., was the son
of Rev. A. B. Morrison of this city. His
sister Ada, who Is now in Texas, was the
postmistress of Pico Heights, resigned
her position several months ago and de
voted herself to an attempt to save her
brother's life. The devoted father and
sister have Impoverished themselves and
have lost their home ln this city in sup
plying funds for the defense of the way
ward boy. Rev. Mr. Morrison was, dur
ing the "late conference, assigned to the
pastorate of the Methodist church in
Monrovia, where wtlh his second wife he
now resides. The sister has telegraphed
that she will bring the remains to Los
Angeles. The body Is expected here by
Wednesday. The parents and friends still
maintain that the dead man was inno
cent.
Three Killed by a Train.
CARLINVILLE, 111., Oct. 2S.— James
Bryant, foreman, and John Norveil,
George Cramer and Samuel Allen, mem
bers of a section crew, undertook to run
In a handcar from Barrett to Atwater,
over the Jacksonville and St. Louis Rail
road, to secure a physician for a sick
friend. They were run down by a passen
ger engine. Bryant escaped by jumping.
The other three were killed.
m
Transports at Portland.
PORTLAND. Or., Oct. 2s.— The United
States transports Pennsylvania and Olym
pia arrived here to-night to take on board
the Thirty-ninth Infantry and a battalion
of the Forty-fifth for the Philippines.
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP SO°T-
areUr
kidneys weak?
Have You Bladder or Uric Acid Trouble ?
Have You Bladder or Uric Acid Trouble ?
You May Be Afflicted and Not Know It.
To Prove for Yourself the Wonderful Curative Properties of Swamp-Root
the Great Kidney Remedy, Every Reader of " The Call " May Have
a Sample Bottle Sent Absolutely Free by Mail.
It is now conceded by eminent sclent-
: lsts that the most important organs of w^t^7£+&&Q
j the body are the kidneys. They filter
| your b'ood and work away night and *%ff*l3^sM
i day. whether you are asleep or awake. fll^MP -Jg
People are apt to believe that kidney « \^y, %
| disease is a rather rare disease, but ■jj I ~gs
statistics have proven that lt is a most j I lil' «
And the proof of this is that most ,-f J ! I i
diseases, perhaps 85 per cent, are Jl S j > «JL
caused In the beginning by disorders JWng li « A-fofc
BECAUSE they fail to filter your J&Ek _^_\^s-J&?*h
Your other organs may need care— Mk BJHB^-B?! fPffwfflfflWl S*-^?
Your other organs may need care— ElJßJsSi!%l&^s, Mffrnfflilnn J-JSgjJil-a
but your kidneys most, because they fjSS^pJQ?fi^lMa l§giiul?flj|[ ftiluftaluf
If you are sick, begin doctoring your p^l^^^l^nlßruautli^LL^tlelajaa KfjM
kidneys, because as soon as they are HB -nn irn -»i¥i?«s; lalll
well they will help all the other organs IS _ ' __ " '_ __ \\i n
iohea,th- Iffi SWAMP-RflOT 1 111
When your kidneys are not doing BM ° " nlll IVWU * 'I!
their work some of the symptoms : gjw Kidney, Liver and Bladder . «
which prove it to you are pain or dull S» ril BE? nfSli
ache in the back, rheumatic pains, ijfflji ' */UKt. p^
i sciatica, sediment in the urine, scanty '[Bf DIRECTIONS. Bai
supply, scalding irritation in passing. ':|W M.y t.tc cue> t^-o or three HSR
; obliged to go often during the day and '{MR teaspoon^ bof.r--- or after meals Jjgf f
to get up many times during the night; HR' «ad at bedtime. lifts,
uric acid, sleeplessness, nervous irrlta- n]B|| Chii-Sren less to age. I*!!
bility, sallow, unhealthy complexion, '|3j Kay commence with sma-l doses 13; i* i
puffy or dark circles under the eyes 19 I aod inor'-so to full dose or more. !i& J
loss of energy and ambition. * ■ as the case would seem to require. Jj|ij
If your water when allowed to remain illBi! Tllis ercat reme<l-T <r*:res T «01 | M I
undisturbed for twenty-four hours !!ili "I"6-!" *]?' hU?T "fi^ Xl j
»-,__,„ „ „^ii^ . „„ „„*»ii i. i&il Add troubles and disorder* due IJR3
forms a sediment or settling, or has a '■ to weak kidney such as catarrh \\M
cloudy appearance, it is evidence that Ml of the bladder! -?mTei. rheum-v 1 fifl!
your kidneys and bladder need imme- HI tism, inmhac-o and Bright's nis- I Bis
diate attention. Hi *a«e, whlc**l " the worst form of ! I {«**?
Swamp Root is the great medical tri- H kidney disease. :J |fflg j-
umph of the nineteenth century, dis- |k| It I* pleaaat to take. luPle
j covered after years of untiring In prepared only by sSI'Ir
effort and research, by the famous ;IH;' ,, „„_ , " WMfis
kidney and bladder specialist, Dr. Kil- fiß DR. KILMER & CO. #?M
. mer. It will be found by both men and Bi> BIVGHAMTON, N.Y. EaSff
: women just what is needed in all cases I3«S.* _ „ ' wsffifc
of kidney, liver, bladder and uric acid |'X n°M by all Druggists. \jm g
This famous new discovery. Swamp i 3HpfJTWniflU)nijf Wl Of *J BS TTfTT'I 'J, F
Root, will set your whole system right B><gg^^g^s"'"'f '' rfatjiiri It' I
The best proof of this is a trial, and 81l m_Wt_heßiff^_XEE^_^_^_^_m
nothing could be fairer than the offer Fj '■HHnras*^^^^^"^^^s=Sr I^?^*^^
to send a sample bottle of Swamp Root h-mlßrg*---*--*--^" " i=g* >-^^^SW
?nd a book telling all about it and con- S'^^^yZZ. , ,-_ mW. WW~~~^\^-y^
taining some of the thousands upon *jfi^*.?l-i'*^ z.-rirJl^k-ts^-_sL*--r-s~9
thousands of testimonial letters re- i One-half the SB ct. — quarter the Jl size.
; ceived from sufferers cured. Both the ing their addresses to Dr. Kilmer & Co.,
sample bottle and book will be sent ; Binghamton, N. Y.
absolutely free, by mail, to any address. if you are already convinced that
The great discovery. Swamp Root, is Swamp Root is what you need, you can
so remarkably successful that our •■ purchase the regular fifty-cent and
readers are advised to write for a free one-dollar size bottles at drugstores.
sample bottle, and to be sure and men- Don't make any mistake, but remem-
tlon reading this generous offer in the ber the name. Swamp Root, Dr. Kil-
San Francisco Sunday Call when send- trier's Swamp Root.
i . i
GENTRY IS
FIRST IN
FAST TIME
Wins Easily From Joe
Patchen and Anaconda
Patchen and Anaconda
at Los Angeles.
at Los Angeles.,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 2S.— John R. Gen
try demonstrated his superiority over Joe
Patchen and Anaconda to-day by winning
both heats easily. He paced the flrst heat
In 2:O4V* and the second heat In 2:031*, Pat
chen finishing second.
In the first heat, after scoring three
times, they got off to a perfect start. An-
aconda leading Gentry by a neck at the
; quarter. Patchen lapping. Time, 30&. At
the half Anaconda left Patchen by a
head, with Gentry close up. Time. l:O0Vs-
At the three-quarter pole Anaconda still
led Patchen by a half length, Gentry be-
ing a length in the rear of Patchen.
Time, 1:32. In the stretch Gentry came
up and passed both his opponents, win-
ning from Patchen by a length and a
hair. Patchen finishing two lengths ahead
\ of Anaconda. Time. Znttf-fc.
They got the word to a good start ln
the second heat. Anaconda tearing to the
quarter by a head from Patchen, Gentry
being five lengths in the rear. Time :*).
At the half Anaconda led Patchen by a
length. Gentry being last by four and a
half lengths. Time. 1:00%. Passing the
half, Patchen's driver commenced to
whip and at the three-quarter pole was
a half length behind Anaconda, Gentry
being third by two lengths.- Time. 1*32
When they entered the stretch Gentry
! came up on the outside and passed Pat"
--; chen. who had driven ahead of Anaconda
near the distance pole. Gentry winning by
a head from Patchen. who came in under
a heavy lash a length and a half ahead
of Anaconda. Tim*-. 2:O3Vi-
Gentry was a 1 to 2 favorite in the first
heat and had few takers at 1 to 4 in the
second heat. .The winner and his driver
V*. J. Andrews, received an ovation from
the grand stand. About 8000 people wit-
nessed the race.
Jennie Mc won the 2:10 pacing event
in straight heats, going the flrst heat in
2:09. istromo, the favorite, captured the
mile handicap, and Proclamation at 20 to
1 won the four and a half furlongs. Sea
Spray, heavily played at 6 to 1, beat his
field of nine in the six furlongs. A sell
ing event of two miles closed the season's
meeting. Alvero taking first money.
Weather fine; track fast. Results:
Pacing. 2:10 cta»s; three in Aye; parse 1900
Jennie Mc tDurfee) ....I 1 1
Fanny Putnam (Jeffries) IIJ
Dictatress (Kent)  J I 3
Floracita (Judd) ""' drawn
Time— 2:o9, 2:12%. 2:12.""
Pacing, free for all; two in three; purse $3000
John P.. Gentry (Andrews) j";
Joe Patchen (Dickerson) '.'.'.'.'.'. 1 «
Anaconda (Keating and Jeffries).!!. '!"" 1 2
Time— 2:Wi4. 2:O3Vi.
One mile: three-year-olds and epirartl; parse
Stromo, SJ (Fauntleroy). 3 to 5 1
Brown Prince, M (Stewart). 5 to _'.'". '"•'.-' _
Jerid. 102 (Enos) 2 to 1..... *
_ . Time— 1:40. •••••..... .»
Deluge and Glbbetlflibbet also run.
Pour and a half fvn-'.-nrs. Citrus Belt handi-
cap: fcr two-year-olds: purse 1230
Proclamation. 103 (Gutierrez) ?) to 1 i
For Free-! Sl (Enos), 5 to 1.. " *
Windy Jim. 112 (J. Weber), i to 5.. i
Time— **&. ........ *
Tagalo-***:. Altars. Cue, Pictou and Taaoke also
Six furlcngs: selling; for three-year-olds and
upward: purse '.** ml *I>a
Sea Spray. 103 (Sullivan) « to 1 ,
Castelar. 103 (Eno«). 5 to 1.. ** i
Tr.e Miller, 101 .Stewart). 4 to I.'.'.'.'. J
_ , „ Ttme-l:l5. *"* 4
T.lot?iS- Bni? M2n*3-?- Gracias. San Augustine
Bom's. Beaj M nie. G-3r *a« Hai *it»«.«i_
Jim Brownell and Igo also ran. Augn.tir,-.
Selling; two miles; the Southern Call'mr,!.
jT'!^lLt,ro m,!iw: th* s-'hem CaiJrom=a
cup; three-year-olds; purse MCCi OTn'a
Alvero. 55 < Stewart 6 to J...
Ellenwood. M (Hazard). 3 to 1..! J
Gibbetiflibt**-- ICS (J. Weber), Ito'l I
_ . -V-*. - Time— 3:3«. —•••♦•.... *
Burrr.ah also ran.
■■*-> .< . .-.- ■ - _ _
Sale of the Pirates.
PITTSBURG. Oct. 25.-I: is announced
and apparently confirmed late to-night
that President Barney Dreyfus of the
Louisville baseball club has purchased tha
Pittsburg club outright and will uflize
the best material from the two clubs to
represent this city next season. Tnis
movement is looked upon by Pittsburgers
as the first step toward an eight-ciub
league.
New Irrigation Scheme.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Oct. 28.— A big irri
gation scheme started to-day on the
southern boundary of this county. The
plan is to tap the Santa Maria River to
get a flood of water for irrigation pur
poses. A company has been organized
with a capital stock of JIOO.OOO to lay an
Irrigation system to supply a large terri
tory. In the bed of the river an excava
tion twenty-five feet deep has been made.
For this pit a heavy wooden flume four
and a half feet square, of heavy lumber.
will be laid underground, to reach the
surface at a distance of two miles from
the river. The water gathered comes up
from the bottom of the river bed, and
when the flume is full will have a pres
sure that will send it over a big area
Dependable Drugs
Country
Customers
Customers
Pay the same price by mail as cus-
tomers who visit our store personally.
We publish our prices to the world
through the papers and country peo-
ple may know our goods an J prices
as well as city folks.
Pinkham C 75c
Pinkham Compound 75c
Pierces Prescription 75c
Pierces Discovery 7;c
Ayer s Hair Vigor 75c
Maltines 85c
Hall's Catarrh Cure 65c
Hood's Sarsaparilla 75c
Ayer's Sarsaparilla 75c
Warner's Safe Cure $1
Paine's Celery Compound -sc
Syrup of Fizs 3;-
- Laxative -*>oc
Pond's Extract 40c
Castoria ->-c
Beecham's Pills x;C
Carter's Pills . ,£
Morse's Pills
McLatne's Pills ->oc
•Javne's Pills 20c
Pinkham's Pills **
Radway's Pills 2oc
Scott's Emulsion -;-
Angier's Emulsion ioc
Kilmer's Swamp Root soc
Malted Milk / £
King's New Discovery 40c
Munyon s Remedies— each 20c
Epsom's Salts-pound ioc
HwG Iw .Lin!^ent -:
MHHHorse Liniment 40c
Pears' Soap I?-
- Remedies-; setg^c
sozodont 20c
Cascarets i^, 20C. 40c
Free delivery to ■---;:- --« within
100 miles on orders of $5 ct ud
fll2B MARKET ST
SAN FRANCISCO
10th and BROADWAY, oaklano
lOth and BROADWAY.omtmDRAFTED LAWS'
FOR ALASKA
Work of the Territorial
Convention.
♦ —
SUGGESTIONS TO CONGRESS
SUGGESTIONS TO CONGRESS
* —
VISION OF THE CIVIL CODE
REVISION OF THE CIVIL CODE
KECOT-IMEItfDED.
—
John G. Price of Sknguay Chosen to
Represent the Territory at tho
Coming Session, of Con-
gress.
BY HAL F. VI AN.
Special CcTT-f-svctv-leric-a at The Can.
JUNEAU. Ale-ska, Oct. I*.— The Alaska
Territorial Convention; called for the pur-
pose of preparing bills and making sug
gestions to Congress for laws for Alaska.
•which har. been ln .... ■ era since Oc
tober 9, concluded Its labors to-night. It
bas made history for Alaska, as is shown
by the following nine days' proceedings.
A. represeentatlve to Congress was -fisoti-d
*nd ■cess w»« memorialised to allow
bim the H privileges of the floor of tho
House. Ex-iJuvsruor A. P. Swihsford w*
elected president oi the convention ai*
llai Hoffman secre-ter-f.
Tbe convention htus been Quito * repre
sentative body. Much Interest was shown
In the -.vork. Klfty-two delegate* w«*-ru in
attendance, representing not jniy tne
comparatively thickly populated aoutn-
oastern Alaska out such faraway pre-
cincts as E.*ig<e City on the Yukon and
Urea en Prinoe VUinam Bound.
.-,v£vfe-ay nil* given the principal honor
ot tiio convention in the Representative
to Congress, but no: till alt-jr a rtgnt ol j
two b-as»iona and a.fu-r Juneau ar.d .ts
anied delegations iiiid experi-»nc«d a °°\l' j
einng ot heart. It was the sense Oi tne j
convention that this honor waa not un-
deserved; for Skaguay baa be<-n defeated
for the chairmanship and her delegates
bad done much of the hard committee
work. At one time Skaguay wa< prac
tically defeated for the Representative, :
una u.e feeling between the rival cities |
threatened to come very bitter, but tnis
was happily averted In the end.
A resolution providing for a territorial
form of government for a. *•..*.*< a. was of-
fered ana tabled. It still lies there, al-
though at tirst there was a considerable ;
■sentiment ln the convention in favorof
euch organized form of government. The
convention had nothing to say on th©
question.
lillls for submission to Congress wero
mission to C< mgress were
prepared on the subjects of civil govern- j
nient; civil cede, criminal code, public
lands ar.d land ,-x, education anu mv-
nicipal government. A bill to provide a
military backbone for Alaska did not
The delegate elected is charged with the
duty of taKing all this voluminous work
to Washington and endeavoring to have
it passed d\ Congress, The convention
cV-ts not expect that the bills will meet
uitfc the approval ot Congress letter for
letter; but it will be eatiy disappointed
it tie main points are not sanctioned.
The delegates; many of whom were law-
yers, being residents of Alaska, presume
that they Know better than, the individual
members of Congress what legislation Is
bs what
moet suitable for the district of Alaska,
and that was the foundation of the hold-
ing of the convention. Most of the re-
ports of tho several committees begin
witii these words: 'tie it enacted by th.c
se words
nate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress
* gre^s
assembled."
The civil government bill fixes Sitka as
• men! bill Axes Sitka as
the temporary scat of government of the
district; provides for tne appointment Of
a Governor, who ie empowered to grant
r-r'prieres for offenses committed until the
decision of the I'resident of the United
States ib mado known; and he shall per- \
form generally ovor the district such ..as i
ay pertain to the offico of Governor of a
Territory". He ls required to inquire into
■ ::
the operations of any person, association
or corporation authorized to kill the seal !
or fii her fur-bearing animals and annually
!
report to Congress the result of such in-
vestigations. The bill, among other
: .
things; also provides for the election of -.
delegate to congress by the quaiiried elec-
tors of tho district; for thtee judicial dis
tricts and three L'uited States District
Judges— one in the Vukou at Circle City,
c l'uk 'ii at Circle ( 'it;.*,
another at St. Michael and the third shall
reside at Juneau; and defines to some ex-
tent tha powers, duties and jurisdiction of
the courts. All United States Com-
missioners shull heitafter be kuown as
I'robate Judges; and it defines tneir Juris-
diction. The Governor, Secretary, Dis
trict Attorneys. Judge*, Marshals, Clerks
and Probate Juelj^ea shall be appointed by
the President by and with the consent of
the Senat'». and salariees are fixed by the
proposed act as follows: ■-..- , |4000
per annum; Judges, $8000; Marshals, i- •-
Clerks. iflCOO; District Attorneys, MOW);
Probate Judges, as recorders, 12000 and
fes; Probate Judges other than those
acting as recorders, $3000; deputy mar-
shals. $1200 and fees, mileage an other
-allowances; assistant district attorneys,
JLZuO; deputy clerks. JIOOO and fees for rm-
cording instruments.
Three recording districts are provided
for, allowing miners in any organized
mining district to make rules and regu
lations governing the recording of notices
of location of mining claims, water rights,
flumes and ditches, millsitefl and affidavits
of labor. The District Judges, Marshals.
District Attorneys, assistant district at-
torneys. Clerks and office deputy mar-
shals" are paid their traveling expenses
by a provision of the act.
A resolution was adopted roqu-esting the
Attorney General of the United States to
cause the appropriation for a courthouse
and jail at Juneau to be used at once,
and calling bis attention to the present
inadequate quarters provided for the
.United States District Court and the Jail,
which Is described as unfit for human
habitation.
Ttie bill prepared by the committee on
* Tred by the committee on
civil Code and Code of Civil Procedure
is principally amendatory to sections re-
ferred to In the Oregon and other codes,
with the aim of fitting it to the conditions
peculiar to Alaska.
The bill on Criminal Code that will go
Tt" bill on criminal Code that will go
to Congress is simply what its name sig
nifies. It defines crimes and fixes pun- i
ishment therefor, and is not essentially
di(T-*rent from other criminal codes. It :
provides ....... punishment for robbing or
maliciously i ring flumes, sluice-boxes
or anything iti general pertaining to mm- '.
ing or mining claims. Sections in this bill i
fixing a license on various businesses, ''oc-
cupations an.l vocations ln sums ranging
from $10 to $500, in accordance with the
present law Imposed by the last Congress,
and reducing ilejuor licenses much below
the figures lixed ln ttie present law, were |
-stricken out by the convention.
In the course of the debate on this
In t ' * a deb ite on this |
matter it was declared by Delegate Cobb
of Juneau thai every one of the Congress-
men who visited Alaska with whom he ;
talked on the subject gave It as his opin-
ion that the vocation tax law is unconsti
tutional. It ls not Improbable that lf the I
next Congress does not repeal the law Its I
constitutionality will be tested In the Su
preme Court of the United States by Al- *
aska Interests. Alaska attorneys iri gen-
eral think tlie law unconstitutional. Al- !
askans do not co much object to paying
a tax as they do to paying it in a manner
required of n>i oth«r people under the I
stars and stripe-.
The location of mining claims by power
Thr local • claims by power I
of attorney iS lade null and void In the
bill reported on public lands and land !
laws. This Is something new, and is I
partly due to tho complaints from Porcu-
pine and Cap-s Nome against powers of
attorney being used in behalf of friends *
at homo, to tho great disadvantage of
men who spend time and money and labor i
in getting to the diggings.
The education committee made a recom-
made a recom- '
mending report, which exposes the few '
Shreds of the educational system ln Al-
a.«ha. Thero are 1106 white children of
school age In the district, it states. This
1. regarded as an underestimate, as a
number of towns in the Yukon Valley and
v the westward were not taken into' con-
sideration. The number of schools la four
and the number if teaohers seven. Atten- '■
tion is called to the utter inadequacy of
the educational system and it Is recom-
rr. er.ded that an appropriation of 176,000 be i
i, ,dp by Congress at the earliest possible
d*-e.te for tho purpose of erecting new
fhool lings, furnishing and equipping
tie same and paying tha necessary teach-
ers. The adoption of tho public school i
System of the State of Washington Is rec- '
ommended so far as it ls applicable.
Municipal government, with tbe usual !
city fleers, Is provided for the cities and
villages of Alanka by the committee on
municipal government.
This completes the bills that will be pre- j
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPOHIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. '
■gr *- :■'.;*. X.v..* .... -w
V *t
I Modern Merch^ndismg Methods, \
I Boys' Clothing. Ant§ prices like those quoted in this I Christmas Dolls. I
I Boy©' Olothing. And nrioes like those quoted in this Ghrisishas Ooiis. I
S Thn hia Stare exMhltS thfS Fail OnO - .m _ _ _ The immense fami'y of bean- «- >V-®1 4
& Tho bia store exhibits thfs Fail one .. -.«»»» Th* smmenB9 farai:y of bf,u- ijij. JVsb S
i of the b.st *sSort. announcement, prove this big K^^eS^Ss wk m !:
l ntonts Of boys' „ -~» r W- SF I one, the, of their ion. Jfcffi >^'fe *
ft C-^V-T a3/ SUitS and OVer- 49^/nM^ y^ft &%££. &&9_-r% &_*_?--_*& *_%&**& s<ma^# jsurney from Germiny and il^nv7:; IM ■*
* JGTW^x oO*tS eVOr brought store to he the best and most France, ard find a temfo-arv MMlm %-
t l-^^fcG^Pic^-sK J^f\ tO Oalifornia. mm * *m a hZ^-xxx r*sst:ng place in the stock \J}J^Vl^ f>. .sir%j $
I K^tffr»asa economical trading place in fe««r WMiwk 1
■w1 i-> b__-€ \ \ «i and good fitting, wall tai ored «-» •■ * T, fc „ «,«i„» ♦„ s&viiTLivT^ 1 \ T
» W °fnKik\ */ end tangwearin J. in th. coloring* « tf _*^ -partment. If you are going to <^^K^l i l''\ '.A <&>
y W f imW /A l / andlongwearlng.m the colormg3 rfrov amff ,_ :■» _ r j i.i,*iA ti.i S^*o3 f I )J l>A t
* B^tt^^H / and design- moat . eked for. 5t ll^f^jfOf^^f #3* T'', l! o W I
* M /TTrfts>^7M littl«t porslb!. prices for UtfMSMß*** ****** f „ Christ mss i tiat ma to m- (s^^ J
/TjySP^y littlest pebble prices for OS CE BM B ZJt B Ifff'tH* for Chmtmas it 13 tms to oe- . jin^cU^ J
A. | A I l\-2^k*T /i/a iLJiLi-i.*- _ — .. ffin now. The kind you want 6>-fX-^- v
* n rrV^rr rMfwrWz: '»r£ Phenomenal Lace Scarf Sale. zzzzz. %. a «:;■; tzz:u^™-. ' I
f^ I \W^AvJ'/vl boys, sad .young «7rf Oo#/»-Metal riveted joints at knees and hips, J
I aHI T\ U ****••« wool «*n Mh, if® Mere than a thousand Silk
i[ \k/\lllK vl l"m,l '■»,»!• '^ I"1*! JHW »m«y 00//>-Mftal rivetfd joint, at tiwra and tiP, . *
c If] mU a mo,', .v wool "a« $k ffi More than a thousand Silk zt%^^"i,inti' "'"" "*•***'*-'• $± l
J^^;«" Igkjf Spanish Laoe Scarfs at about
We bev^> Jus*, put !n =tock a lsrge .ot of bo?*' Covert Top r**_7_HT*--?L a. m m + *m m m m ta • iv 1 \ .ye*. Sl-O^J -5
T We bew just put In stock a Urge -ot of bo?*' Covert Top //y^ST^^V • 'Sm m * * Z.m m m m i« ■ \ \ X Jc.i $I,GSJ &
I 2£ tSJSLS JKS.Tt StSS-^S jmm^one~thlrd of their real values. S'SS?#?^^mB 
*i« «*» /si^^^^-^llPv^CS r> l n a« „ « j i-i .-x i j 21 * ncb.es, k raping eye? s*l «^£
rA sj«w^'/v»-^«*«^«'-/*o'iK*'V; i"^?"01? Beginning at 8 A. M. Monday and while quantity on hand ?B i»h.-, sieepinaayes $tz.so |
\"^ ttSS^~J%tt^^ * tf^Hff' lasts. ,he biE store offer, an importer's entire stock of All-Silk "tf~ »^Z £±J&£'_±£&.l£ I
t b^n, JSS-SSfai a. "EmTorium h ffiff£?:^ W^S^T lasts' the bi^ store offers an entire stock of All-Silk p*p fgM &S^^^l^S. 1
J ta the immen-e .wortmnt of boys' nest, handsome little '/ ))IU Spanish Lace Scarfs (exactly 1321 in the collection)— Scarfs produced by one £tVetletb. ' ' • I
* tariTSu'slS^s \ty£ 'a/i"SorioniJtn'ril' of the best manufacturers in Europe-guaranteed pure Bilk, ranging from the medium to the extra with s'T-nlngeyrs, 8 taehes, special va1ue........... 25? 4
| jaunty coats with either large sailor collars' or th. D»w heavy wide and oblong sizes— charming styles for head dress, neckwear, etc., at these amazingly low pric**: J'^ «**} ryes, cury boy Wg. I
I am..l collar with tiimmed reveres cutely trimmal little LotlTS Spanish Scarfs, black only, all silk, regular value 50c each, sale price Wo *'** sSifiSr2*rl3s? Jff * wiih thoi and stockings f
& vest, and neat flttng trou^ors^ matarials approac'i as i 0( 74 Spanish Scarfs, black only, all silk, regular value 75c each, sale price 2&o 18 w laX? fecial va1ue...... 500 J
I IXZ bor?6 ia rre*^o^Uih4 co-.Tr verJ Lot *-117 Spanish Scarfs, black only, all silk, regular value $1.00 each, sale price 3&0 Jointed DoHm-Tin. onallty, ball and socket joints, |
I Srofal , , i ', ordinal ft*!] » kladSvaM ,3 tTSyS^ for Lot 4-224 Spanish Scarfs, black OF Cream, all Silk, regular Value $1.25 each, sale price 450 sleep ng .yes, fine moh.ir wig . in ring jet., fine chemise: j
J ; ' ■ 52.43 Lot 45—56 Spanish Scarfs, black only, all silk, regular value $1.50 each, sale price 5&o &WiSi""'ifSB IWIIZ $1.50 I
% Boys' New Stylo Russian Blouse Suits $IQ, lQf Q—\GQ Spanish Scarfs, cream only, all _ Ik, regular value $1.75 each, sale price 680 19 .St $I*Bs SOW \-,<.bWW WW... $9.23 *
? 5* kJ kfrLctnr°7tv'e *SmS? teSw^.t-^t rt°ish9,i i.O^ y— l67 Spanish Scarf?, black or cream, all si k, regular value $2.50 each, sale price 980 Complete assortment of doll ' trlmmkgs, such as Shoes, J
I S^SJSTwISSI SoScSy JSSS lot «-266 Spanish Scarfs, black only, all silk, regular value $3 50 each, sale price $1.23 Stocks, Bootes, S.c.nes, Cap, G ores, Brush Sets, Jewelry J
* just such a suit as yon wc-j d expect to par $12.50 or $1500 Lot 0—65 Spanish Scarfs, black only, all silk, regular value $3.75 each, sale price $1.38 s*ts- PBraBolB> Hatß- e»* . . *
J ror- our prijo, si«» 6to loy#sra, i. 310.00 lot #0—125 Spanish Scarfs, black only, all silk, regular value $4.00 each, sale price $1.88 We make a specialty of Doll Repairing Vv an ex- j
! High Art Miliinery. lot "-50 spMi"h ?carfs' Wack OTly' a" Bilk' rcgular value $5-°° "* Eale price $U6B %k™^j£sT«*. VEST P"K l
i ZC&M Hl?is Dress Goods Remnant Sale Mouse Fumishinas. 5
m (W^SSL w.->rk snd cur atten tan to detail thet mar ._ , B_*eU&& r UITIIMS&itMBMS^9m
tiW °-!y WeH IT nl»»,d«Pa;t»;n:» «" Uff Saie iSUrInU entire Weefo af nCMM^Mn • Seasonable itemsat-prlceshsrdly to be believed where the J
% L_P y&ziw on!.y w«:i •rfn,z-» d«pa;tmtn:" *■« On sele during entire week sst nrMtuMhnjs ■ s***™»* **™ at^iceß ha-rl!y iobe believed wh-rethe ;
-•. lls-T^^l y';a-°«r hBtVLh,ftn;r for ?^O-. of . - Mt/A.nT*s quabties of the articles are considered : *
I and work*Te ,n ihi3 s*a,°B s m,tBria-3 one "' i^fj^r*!©^* o// #*©-' »^ iifr-SA Fiber Door /Wa's"~a eood cocoa* heavy seivicc" *
t JSS «#»©©«# prices —a rare chance. ~jsß%sm\ ,*-"^'*^S££=z=SSS- I
t J^n iSueeii prices a rare chance. JM^ Isi^Sfcrrr^gS !
* IIAvV *. Tai or made hats rf fait, Tev t trm- _ , ,_. /-> j r> x i.i i -^.i /i SmTX^^UA vW Riyp 1W32 inches 80C -$
* W>^r4 ftls.™™^....TrAss Colored Dress Goods Remnants are accumulating here with (/sifiLJ^^B? Bi»iftc32taoh- ao* }
JJ^ \*T" Tailor made hat, with *ij^6rbu< a rapidity that we have never known before. To dispose of TY^.^^a Air-tight We^«-^trVooiP°i9 c^§==> I
| y*_\^' raiior made hats with *«*«»£ a rapidity that we have never known before. To dispose of TY^SPffil *^25tSS?«Jl/S rdSn *
I - - ' TiimmedVitsV'arV.ik'v^VeV and" fine them 3^ SOOn as pOSSible We place On Sale allot thiS Week A [ ft inches long, made to con- r_J^-—^ J
? „ ornament $/5.00 our entire stock, including many of this season's choicest dress fabrics— plaids, \4 I » J&Ssk sume wood, hay cobs, or l*^-^1 %
I B^te^fc^aUteW^VonSkTiffi«t& checks, fancy mixed goods, and many excellent weaves in plain colored dress " ' Wsm "T ' °*hs*'oo < J *
ming, chiffon rosette, flne ornament and feither.. $10.00 un, .' XttUW 7 .-^ .', . ii o * /« j -4.11^ u-ij » j Ijj »i • i »^4 !>!■■ i^^TS Rue Fhma 01 Stove— i-l —^-~¥\\ *
f Imported pattern hats, new ones receive' weekly Par,, and materials, ranging in length from 1 1-2 to 6 yards— suitable for children s dresses, ladies skirts aud HJIII wirktaaT'nd odorless- /^fc~^< 5
*• and New York's highest nov?lti-5.... $18.00 to $35.00 waists — JBBwBB tie b-st kind, handsome- THE^^^M S
J RHlEislia/!. J3O xko about 100 ladlQO' Suft Patterns— at ly 'japanned and oraa- g^^SJL J
J Im.tat on Paradise Aigre- tee, splendid effect 520 r»-.-» «*»a«*-*«aa- m*ff 4ha -****&*«! *mmml~**a J^^B*? niented. fully mmran-^^^SL 2
J Imitation Paradise Aigrettes, extra Icn-rrweep. speeiai vsl-i. OnG'i§UaimX@r Wattle mmrKßn prIGCSm -*^ZZ^< teei 2 burners.SS.O J «
» at $1.35 — _____ — : ' : . ' «
2 - -■ -— — -- Monday cnlv. From varo^s lots ' Monday Only. # Wondxx Only. To- Heavy tinned Russia iron lined ovsn, good bikers $1.75
* Best Shoes Cheapest. S2 aairs c{ h'inisom" Salo of (V Side Hose n,or- run nickeled ebony bandied &^^ t
& It Is cur aim to sei --vary dsy In the year shees constructed tf-„JS o* /mc Curtains ■■** have ■njg*nffSMf9 [ Qsinme_B*£f»»»t£ t%i*„ r°W J» patent spring Corkscrews *
*in the most substantial mai.ner of th* best leathers, r^s,e«. irl#rS «##!«. selected 82 pars 4-fffl-fipiO VUppOrWeiTS OC« we /7==& ■ -made t> fit any bottle. I *
•?k tag a'l of the stvie reqnis.tes, at prices ;.b a special offering to Monday shop- StiOXSm ' offer 50 cozen Children 3 and Ladies *^feW/ self-drawing " 25© A
* which no other stote can dup icste Ho*- fj^l pers— thev sre fu'l wiith, 8^ yards ffoo(i sjre China Can- -^^ Sid- E astic?, Warner Bros. Patent, in *^\ f^^ •••••—. a«< «
J well we succeed thousands of pleasej \r§ V long, and sell regularly at $3, $3.26 * die Stick fljraldeco- fh^» black and white on'y, to close out th» °^i^===^^ Iron Frame Clothes Wrin*- J «
J customers can testify. Note those eco- W \ and $3 75 per pair— to-morrow oslr rations in assorted Q^?^P~WSer .0% per pair 5C and 7C /<&? faT er, 10-inch rubber roll- l*»| *
5 romica- prices. JH A the special price will be $2.4-7 c3'ors,complete with fT/L mJHo ers, a good stron- srti- \ *
0, Childrens Dongola Kid Lacs and But- /M / \ a prettily coor-d ■/ ' For Two D*,% Below are four as- *** cle $1.4-5 ) J
£ ton Shoes, kid and cloth tops, new {Why Fine* Tnilf** fancy candle, on Monday only .for.fgp tS„UQtm tonislrng quotations „ M , ■ 2
» coin toes, patent leather tips, spring /M^^ tltlO fi OUO\ &Oa&S, — LiqU&r Perforated Wood Chair Sets, with tacks... I
* heels the shoe, combine dnr.bi.i'.y J^^/ DOZGii. M**M %*m*t__rti__W SftGClaiSm Tuesday only on 100 /V/'.V X *
| «i£t to 11 91 23 4^* On Monday only we offer a large £B,ort-tg*^° £™SK liquors of acknowledged unsurp.ssed L-C-^W} a Mnf! om.. Ha. of Antinnft / ■ *V^ \ *
t SzesllVtoZ. ||38 »nt<f an extra quality hard mi.lel £Ta£fS for 93Cm quality. Remember these pr.oes are ffll^fi'-^Xl^^i^J^ '.•>^ V•' | |
* M^UX2*»~, Back nnd R-d Felt Toilet S,ar, perfumed with various Bag punching is a vigor- for two da^ontat IMI Oak Umbrella Stands- V'<^V *
? fffl&hl me.,s dirk l-u» woo! lined with odors, an extraordinary v, v? at tie ou«, hia thful exercise, I Eolrau Otika, the popular Cordial. |ÜB\\wf 65c.'750^_"&f.25 I '*••*• *
* ffflW black, fur trmmn-TS, turned sewed very special price, per dos-n 25© by no mean, confined J r.'gu *t y $1.60 a bottle, f0r....^/.#5 1 , \\V "^"O1-"'''-* \ «
* B&&*£Fj so'es. mide especially for comfort, to sthletes and prisa 1 Bourbon Whiskey, 8 years old, I \| Heating Drums for small 4=te *
* >^y air-isM'nsr'iiair ..... for «# 43 *- 1 n i., fighter.-*; it develop* ft ll^^rr,ialray'Byearßo'd' 1 1 U..^ d™-. te r/r« 1
i s^y^ »'■?-• "» • : '■- ''k ZrzJZ'ZS. *R%n Blankais V mufe- ft^ JL g-J,"^^^ w^ P y >Zso° HLIJ °l!Stoves n 2
•> «r , ✓ nn>o jstß t_„ $o'>fl; MSganK&kS, th** wind, and is gan- irefl-WW. Fml qn.rts, rcgn'ar v $I.3r>, for.. sf.OO v i- # j r-i i S
«^_— -^ uo-to-date •<•- EsEaBZK&kS, the wind, and is gan- >F^ft?W Full quarts, regulsrv $1.35, for-^/.00 v.r iw ni ru,i S 2
S andtips, a neat and oS^hoe- S#. J5 Pair. •» •*• *> erlyl recommended by A$ ?§k ftHßttng, case of 1 dozen " fi^p^ !«o HsteL- .^=fe^ S
2 . ,12 to 2 .fl.e<#^ \\(*, &**»-*** *•»**• of jinegt physxlans; for Monday Rh .' .. , B quarts that retails regularly for $5.00 * snu ion nsngere 3 --<^ J
* S zj.' 2'-< to 5 .$1.65 \f*' I lamb'- wool Blankets, light siver gray, only, we effar a $1.25 on Monday and Taesiay $3.53 each °° -^ *$
r Bailey's Ribbed Baok }/£_ I s'z*? 68x30. me es. an u-u'unliv gool single end striking bag XS^^ Champagnes, Mumm's and 4
* Rubbers. f%& A valuo a'- the regn'v pres $5.51 per of red tan leather with Fommery SCO- n&B*__.__*69B+l-T B*>ffß'lff*gr*Gs *1
*s» -. „jE,g fiT Ip'TZ/d pair offered for Monday only a» suspending cord and b adder, at the 1 dozen qu»rts, $U.so— bottle...^a.os *•»» %*%*%*. Jf a^ S .%.%*-**. «
* J^>4V *«>ni,n/thVlacme >S^V^ ; ~'-—-'^4.39 facial price of 930 2 dozen pints, $33 50-hottta $1.40 Ko matter how low our prices may be, we abao- ?
» fvsj* 101. dJrab»>ty /CTJy ft -•*-.** ___m*t*_m n_t-_m%*4 £&**_»_ ■**&&_?-**_«* 4 lutely guarantee the Food Products that we sell to *
I fc^V^*^^" d C°mfj^ /O3^ i^rOCKery Uep W. Ej>_T*Oai€faSl be pure and the best of their kind. Quick, attentive clerks J
% -'' ZZI fag^ A hrge dVp'ay of Holiday nov tities aireadv be'ng made- -. -- ****** a?d "A\r,ol del, Yes? u^"- nDeifu°otr4t!.Mand ?eVam" *
*> _™^_~m.**4_-* BT.-,~ -A beautiful vases, bric-a-brac, tamP«. cut glass, At tHO OafOm plas of the famous St Helena Health Poods this week. Direct ?
j Carpets— Furniture— i&\ -in., et, r^», ,** waving Peep,ewhobreakfaBt downt_,andeßpecMlvvi9!tor, to 2?S^^llrlA«. » n, „ ?
* i-w» (ufAAJttA table ware is also ready. Iter* ar* some hints at _„ .*- ... -„. ... -->■ „ j.i:„t,f#,,i _i,„. *„ ♦„!,-, *k»:. Ml IMS nOS-tcm KOtlttery Ury brsnulatea V
ii I^2? c"n a*n t?** '.■^V'YtiTk t"1"- . onr C|tv, will find the cafe a aeujntrui place to take ther o~«.-»« r^*» - ** *i^» V
J FiUUSm fj i\l\ household eeoro-HT in his secttan oi th- bgst r> : • , Rvorvthin, B,rv,t mof the vj-v b.st qua ity. „? W-oiS- '« />« r«* i ; „ T «« "VVI *'
, , , , *■» ifl I'M Colored B "liquet Cm *e9 -each 2o t^ • i «, *• i«- .-«„)n -« i a„i~*. „.— »» rait MOUten'S UOCOa, 1-lb cans, 750 — H-'b c-ns... «
* Bought before the recent advance in Fur- l|< \\\[\ , Star Silw Top Peopsr and m Di^. ZPTJIP, „VZ J X - *°° *
♦ Bought before the recent great advance in Fur- lft 1, St Silver Top Peopsrisnd ** m____9iJS :: 40° *
% niture Values on terms which enable as to sell the MP SaitShnker3,afinMrritBtionof T\^^7/ our aftornoon i teaX' f r«m Bto 5 o'clock, are grow- Royal Dutch Ooooa, lb can?, >00-^-lb can. *
£ goods for much less than you would expect to pay cut glas3-eacn..:-..........|U0 l^^i^ tag more popular everyday. The prettily decorated tab'e,- "Jtof<^"i'«*«M"rVK7««''«Ort"V7v"« •
J now. An incomparable assortment from which to A hard"me noW 9nap' MJd to Tut « lQ^^» St .ppoaraae. of the waitress^, absolute c'esnltaess of the OMrardoliPs Goooa, 1-lb cans, 300-^-\l can^ J
» make selections. Price; like these to tempt you • (^^PS the siore -.irh'y 83r^ce and deliclon, quality of the vhnds servad have proves Ti-&.ffiiiWd^ *
♦ make selections Price; like these to tempt you • (H^r* thestov, i-hy V^l^^^^^^^^^t^J^l!!^ f^^m^i^rwiOK^ J
» BolUGildenOakDtatag Chairs with braced backs, hard cane C-^^C^J^^ decorated 45c to be attractions that our patrons have not beea slow to apd The best quality Hf.»iril/mofiste, per lb tBo 1
* sent, for this we-?k— each qqc -^-^Wj^L^^X^ ,-j- Large sis 3 English decjratad Cham precnte. Maine Sweet Oorn, first quality, can iOc +
X Goi 'en Oak Hat Racks, with French bevel mirror for this V 55357 *' i ■}%& yf ber Set— 6 peers in pink or laare — m_\m a A B_\ « Fancy GUca Lemon, Orange and Citron Peels, ib.... 180 ■«
t week on'v $5.75 V>T^'«*^ >^ *IT flower decorations— compote set M tt M __) M Sr%Z9tm__J__)i-rB-. Babbitt's Soap. 7 for 25c -V
J Ladi.s' GddenOik Writing prettily carved, piano p,- fes 82-10 ■*■«■■■«**■ mmmmm 2yM>«» Pure California OTIf» 011, small bottles ......2So *
£ ish— for this week $6.75 10 - inch decorated China Cike We have 30 pairs fine white Blankets that Q <*£J\ Imported Olive Oil, gallon cars .70 *
4 Large Commo.'io'n Chiffon er— Golden Oak, 6 drawrs-— for Plate— go d edre assorted flawy -J aa Bot slightly soi'ed in handling, a vary ~»3« *r^ Havwards Tomatoes, gallon cans s?£?c X
» this week $7.73 Tg 7*^ decorations— each .... 30c Jtt^S^lk cable quality, well fini-hsd, weight «rf« U&Sf' Q'iart cans Liz t'nbin Mm*tO Syrup 33© 2
* Mantel Fuldinjr Bids— in Golden Oik finish, finest quility of wffftf English 8-irch Jardiniere i "iaadod $_t^-f*L 7 lbs., size 72x84 inches, reduced to. i-4f^ta ganta Clara New Prunes, per \b.sc,Bc, lOc, 12 O *
* springs, ont we can guarantee with fafety— for this wee'- Wd brown an I yellow and brown and OWftX&iP ralr $6.0Q '/^- -i Fancy Salinas Burbank Potatoes, t*jC ib— by sack fi^c «
♦ ppp^SpiifSs^^ ff •st^JLl^Sfta /JU Cooi# Cora- f/uTj^ Men's Fall Furnish- 1
* jr«».^v <',n-h**s -for /h.week. n'V; -^?4-^ ff 8-i-ch Lam? Gobes-tbtst pink /J\\ ■f^mm4-_m*mm t&'ltSn 7' V ft Ml "'**" ••«« * ■* '"*?" J
*, Brafsß9dß-hondsomade.i;ns, full sto-Bfds fort i^e-K... f 0r bins with dainty flower deco- / I \ \ fO#*f©-f* &M.OU. '-— -i \]\W intW& «
g» <&tQ Oft fi *• -R^Cr* / F /fSn l i \v m m mmgSmm •■
f Tapestry Brussels O/rr^ofs-chaerfui patterns— H Greenor'roVystailHower^ A splendid Comforter, fine si ko'lni coy- _ • • NOVOlty SuspenHors- Just put ln stcck, handsome J
* t iis gradi also n hii' aa « jtilrd s!ens-?er yard -*50 -^^ iaches high 200 erlng, pain or fancy lining, extra white filling, hand tuftel. new weDbißgg, in new Helio designs and colorings, pure all f
g Finest quality all-WOOI Ingrains— ric\ beautiful dv — each ;.. »fcOU silks in colored barred effects, lined with sateea and with tf
! Tapestry Brussels ect from, regu'ar price Ssc— for 1 .g-IL or" ' cVvital Va«-. li (dBESQI- "PtandH Comforter, fln. si ko'ln-* _** tm mm*** Novelty Suspenders- Jnst suspenders we have ever *
t»is grad»«!ionh^l» an < -Mird signs— ?«f yard i^^fe h'ches high 200 N"^«^^-^ oring, p .in or fancy lining, extra white fiiitng. han itut^ n.w weobings. ta new Helta designs and colorings, pnro all *
Flnost quility all-WOOI Ingralns—ric*, beautiful d»- *»ell *Si*V Bilks ta colored barred effecra, lined with sateei and with jf
elgns, li-u-ge va.ietv t> Rt ret from, regu'ar price Ssc -for fUtw-itrntfJ S^-^HTS &%&*&* - — ~*m. t- t slides and cast offs, thebest suspenders we have ever ♦
% thi, week, per yard... 6,Q &$&&& Osig o^c?. iSootl Trunk $4.50. Jold at th- prica «»« J
X Royal's Brussels— *itb borders to match— Perei , xi^^N Im tation ;-.ita Alligator leather Hand *-******* »*•••■«■» -^.-m-m-uwrn.' m Moo's Merino li OSO- Special values In Men's Merino I
a Orental ani »|iol*» .(fa ots, laid snd Haul, peryard.fiOo #^^ J%^ Bi.f, with good iock and metal frame Fq;iare top, covered with dark col- j^^^'*'^'*^^ Hose, fine. fashioned gcods, serviceable and warm, in all *
& Body Eru9SOiS -Loweli and Whittals renowned mate-, \ ch.'ps, meal tippei handles, canvas ored water-proof oanvas, reverse slats, fijj^r r» m sises. per pair 12 "C #
•£ horoen to match—laid and. line; $.25 'M^7W?^.l\s- lino I, with inside pockets- monitor lock, malleable iron corners, Ej^k^ffOTyTß Men's New WOOI Ribboned Underwear *
f 200Moqustte Rags -: Is • ,r4x27 inrhe^— special />t...51.50 (Al'-? •., * '■"$& 10 inchs:ze.efs-0 14 inch sin $I*oo with tray and hat box, a well built,*^*!?7 U [j 9 '1 wo shades, light blue and a pretty tan, shirts made with *
J — - - famm. — _ \K"'|^x'' .;'.■/)'• ')'!'. 'W'/J-M 1; inch 5e.750 16 inoh sljis. A/. »if servlcoibta tru"k— (^^p^j lj [1 u*^ French seek and silk fronts, silk edged at cuffs and bot- *
ft L<ffl&VlFt&2sit __*^10s€__\m 12 inch 850 18inchsiss.5/.,25 28 inch. ..$4.50 S3 inch...£.***«2ff *S^Ki hLJi— «* toms, splendidly woven goods and great valu? at th* -rr*C3 *
+ _.__! . WW T °-*^Wa«>- 13i ch~zs.9so !30 inch... 53.00 34 in0h...^5.75 XWI ™ oergarment. $1.50 X
J Wo wi.l furnisi i any boas puHish:d at tne lowest retail ' — —— ' ' — ; ' » Men's Kid Gloves $1.00,51.50 and 86- J
J 'TheF.i:i and Fighting of the Rough Rider?," *' fiay W& MIMWI* _7-tlS*-lA WJ& W_W_n St udio Men's 25c 'heckwoar-K r-mg values, handsome t
& T.mSail ••••--.... 50 .59 JT . tM BP-*\« *. - <«H»«« —^ If i&' a , , patterns, new co orings, in men's cilk Tecks, band bow*, 2
* We have in stook J'"ice Meredith," "Ii chard Carvel," Miopping H €JJtf*|tfl^!ral!&.l!aBrfs H2___:^t^l<L M': Opens about club atd lour-ir.-hands, silk lined, new fail Co- d= 0.-ic- *
J "David flar-am,"" ft >• .' at our usual reduitioafrom Place ™"f^^.Ha^^.*""^A*^**«l«P> *^ Novembprl ••••• • ...Mfi *>
I the publisher's price. <*« ihe ««• book- soon « issued. "°* CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S . GRANDEST STORE. INOVemDer l- Boys' New l7o«-siik Puff, and Tecks.. 25c *
wanted from Alaska to the next Congress.
A recommendation will, however, be made
in addition for legislation to promote the
safety of navigation of Alaskan waters by
providing lighthouses, etc.
John O. Price, a young and leading at
torney of Skaguay, was the only nominee
for representative of the convention and
of the people of Alaska to Congress. Af
ter a prolonged debate and some opposi
tion at first on the ground that it was
without precedent and unconstitutional
fVir Congress to seat a Delegate from an
unorganized Territory, and that under
tvi. call for the convention the convention
t--~vr not authorized to elect a delegate.
ard that consequently he would not rep
resent the people, lt was moved that the
secretary cast the vote of the convention
for Mr Price. This carried unanimously
and Mr Price was declared elected by the
chair The customary vote of thanks was
returned to the president and secretary
and the convention adjourned sine die
A great deal of work ls left to a compila
tion committee, Of which Representative
Price is a member. Ho expects to pay
bis own expenses while at Washington
next winter.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 29, 1899.
MURPHY RENEWS HIS
PLEA FOR STATEHOOD
Annual Report on the Conditions
and Needs of the Territory
of Arizona.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 28.-Gorernor
Murphy of Arirona, in his annual report
to the Secretary of the interior, renews
his plea for statehood, saying it hns been
denied to Arizona "because of sectional
prejudice, ignorance. Imaginary partisan
policy and selfishness." Other recom
mendations are for the cession of all the
public lands within Arizona to the Terri
tory or State, pending which the Terri
tory should be authorized to lease them
as grazing lands; survey of all lands
within the Territory, especially the rail-
ad grants, for taxing purposes; the es
tablishment of a mint or assaying offlce;
the amendment of the act of Juno 27, lSfiC,
as to right of way for the Atlantic and
Pacific Railway Company: to permit tho
taxing of frank and superstructures on
the right of way; Increase of salaries of
the Federal Judges; creation of a fifth
Judicial district: creation by Congress of
i a commission for ethnological and arch
aeological research In Arizona, and a
i Congressional appropriation to pay the
j Governors and Secretaries of Territories
the salaries allowed thorn by law.
TOMALES FARMER
COMMITS SUICIDE
The Deed Caused by Melancholia In-
cident to Suffering From a
Disease.
TOMALES, Oct. 28.— William Vallence,
a Welsh rancher living noar this place,
committed suicide to-day by shooting him
self with a shotgun. The deed was ac
complished by Vallence removing the shoe
and stocking of his right foot, placing
the gun against his head and discharging
it with his too. The charge tore a large
hole In the suicide's head and scattered
his brains all over the room.
Vallence has been suffering for a long
while from stomach trouble and probably
committed the deed in a moment of mel
ancholy. Dr. Urban was summoned, but
found Vallence dead on his arrival. Coro
ner Eden arrived from San Rafael this
evening In company with Deputy Coroner
William Eden and held an Inquest, tho
veidlct being that deceased came to bis
death by a gunshot wound Inflicted by
himself.
SCARLET FEVER EPIDEMIC.
Many Cases Reported in Towns tn
Calaveras County.
SAN ANDREAS. Oct. 2"».— Scarlet fever
ls epidemic In a number of the towns of
this county, several deaths having oc
curred at Paloma, Valley Springs, >fokel
umne Hill and In the vicinity of Angels.
It is now epidemic at Burson and other
foothill points within the county. The
physicians have been faithful and untir
ing ln their efforts to prevent the spread
oof the disease and the death rate has
been kept down, considering the malig
nant type of the malady. It Is hoped that
the recent rains will purify the atmos-
Shore and assist ir» stopping the dreaded
lsease.
Horsea for Honolulu.
WOODLAND, Oct. 28.— Walter Mastln
and H. Edmonds have shipped a carload
of horses to San Francisco to be for
warded to Honolulu on the Albert, which
sails from . San Francisco to-morrow.
Among the horses ars: Albert M, 3:17
(pacer), by Illustrous; Walter P. 2:20
(pacer), by Fal rose; Wally. a green pacer,
by Klllarney; Daisy A, 2:24 (trotter), by
Almont; Lady Harper, 2i37 (trotter). by
Alaeka. Also ten head of good road tv rses
and twenty-five head of fine work mules.
Public Stock Sales.
WOODLAND, Oct. 28.— Messrs. Lawson
and Craig are building a big corral In
which they will ' arrange Beats for the
accommodation of the public. The inten
tion'ls to inaugurate public auction stock
sab**, which will be held at least once a
week. Yolo County bas furnished more
horses and mules to supply the demand
created by the Spanish war and the in
quiry from Honolulu than any other coun
ty ln the State.
Mill Site Sold
SAN ANDREAS, Oct. 28.-A deed has
been placed on record here whereby James
F. Bennett, Anna E. Bennett, George B.
Bennett, J. C. Rasberry and Frank Leeper
tall of An#r«li? Camp) tranelVr to Charles
>. Lane the Leoper-Bennott mill site and
the mill thereon located In Angels Camp.
The price stated In tho deed Is $870 M). The
property will be swallowed up In the
i' ticu plant.
Quartz mine Sold
SAN ANDREAS. Oct. 34.-Tho Libra
Mining Company has sold Its Maggie n.-'!
quartz mint to the Blair Gold Mining
Company. This property Is located in the
Angels mining district and adjoin- the
other properties of the Blair Company.
The price paid has not been announced.
56
SUNDAY OCTOBER 29, 1899 j
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. j
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
I ÜBLICATIOM OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main ISGB.
I DITORSAL nOOAtS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street j
Telephone "Main 187*.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. IB CENTS PER WEEK. .
filnj-cle Copies. 15 cents.
Term* by Mall. Including Postage:
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year Urt.OO
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 6 months S.OO
DAILY CALL (Inclndlnc Sunday Call), % months .... l.f»<> :
DAILY CALL— By Single Month «5«
SUNDAY CALL "in- Y-nr "> -"»°
WEEKLY CALL One Year I'<M)
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway j
C. GEORGE KROGNESS,
Manager Foreign Advertising. Marquette Building.
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. CARLTON Herald Square |
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
PERRY LLKENS JR 20 Tribune Building
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay.
open until 9:30 o'clocK 200 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clocK- 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock-
IS4I Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2261 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- '096
Valencia street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty- j
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
cum— Vaudeville.
Columbia— "By the Sad Sea Waves."
California— "Brown's In Town."
:
Alcazar— "The Three Musketeers."
Aicazai-*— "Tha Three Musketeers."
Grand Orera Ilouse— "The Conspirators."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Olympia, corner Mas and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Central Park— Steeplechase and -nerforniances.
San Mateo Coursing Park— Coursing to-day.
Unicn Coursing Park— Coursing to-day.
Uecreation lark—B aseball to-day.
Comedy Theater, Bush street— "Jedem Das Seine."
Golden Gate Hail— Becltal Wednesday. November 1.
AUCTION SALES.
By S. "Watkins— Monday. October 30, at 11 o'clock Horses,
at Valencia and Hermann streets.
By S. Watkins— Tuesday, October 31. at 11 o'clock. Horses,
at JSI7 Mission street.
By A. W. back— "Wednesday, November 1. at 2 o'clock,
Turkish rtrsian Bugs, at l.'.*e Geary street.
- ' —
ABOUT FLOOD WATERS.
THE CALL is in receipt of a communication
from Mr. George H. Maxwell, executive chair-
* man of the National Irrigation Congress, in
which he strongly antagonir.es his own statement c:
the purpose of the convention to be held in this city
on the 14th of November. He says: "The State
movement seems to have been started with the idea
of discouraging the movement of the National Irri
gation Congress.
That is not our understanding 61 it at all. "The
That is not our understanding ol it at all. "The
State movement, so called, is not intended to an-
tagonize anything but drought, nor to promote any
thing but the provision of water to increase the fer
tility and product of the State. So far, indeed, the
antagonism comes from the opposite direction.
Gentlemen interested in the national movement have
done the antagonizing and have not avoided the in
cendiary resources of the language in doing it. In
deed the pyromaniac nature of some of their utter
ances has increased the need of water, for it would
be useful to pour on the conflagration of accusations
*-
whicii they have enkindled.
There is no need of any of this. California has no
intention of making it hard for anybody to get the
Federal Government to appropriate the money
needed for a national system of irrigation. The old
flag and an appropriation are just as dear to us all as
to Mr. Maxwell and the Missoula Congress. But this
State has many millions of dollars' worth of property
in water poured upon its mountains every year, not
by the Federal Government, but by the laws of evapo
ration and precipitation, both dependent, we may ob
serve, upon temperature. The annual waste of these
millions in that property, brought about by the law
of gravity which makes water run downhill, obso
letes the use of nearly twenty millions ■of acres of
land which is infertile without irrigation. If that land
would produce only five dollars per acre if irrigated,
annually, its non-use is a loss of one hundred millions
of dollars per year to" the State's production. That
means the support of many more homes and families
than we have now.
If we were talking about anything but water we
would say that by permitting the waste of its prop
erty in water California is burning its candle at both
ends. Let it go that we are not merely wasting at
the bung, or the spigot, but have knocked both heads
out of our barrel: It is unfortunate that to any mind
in this State the proposition to get together and dis
cuss the conservation of this property for its proper
use should appear as the small scheme of selfish
plotters, or, as Mr. Maxwell puts it, as "a wild and
chimerical . project, with possibilities of corruption,
jobbery and public plunder which are simply appall
ing."
There is nothing in it to justify any such view.
The State of California, on the whole, has been
as well governed and as uprightly as that larger sov
ereignty, the. United States, and as free from corrup
tion, jobbery and public plunder. Mr. Maxwell
simply submits the argument that we are too dis
honorable, dishonest and untrustworthy to do this
tiling for ourselves, therefore we must wait, like the.
blanket Indians, for the "Great Father" at Washing
ton to do it for us!
If his estimate of California is, true he should not
ask the Federal Government to irrigate the State, but
to turn it into a penal colony, a Botany Bay, to which
the criminals of.the Union should be exiled to grow
up in. .congenial company.
" The National Irrigationists are earnest people. We
respect them. But they have one foible. They pub
lish all who differ in the means to the same ends as
dishonest and unworthy.
Dr. J. C. Crane, the newly elected medical superin
tendent of the Agnews Insane Asylum, has filed an
emphatic objection to the political methods of the
Governor as practiced upon the unfortunate beings
confined in the asylum. Before Dr. Crane is much
longer in political life he will discover that the po
litical wisdom of Gage is hidden under the hat of
Dan Barns and will be exercised in whatsoever
direction will do the Mexican the most good.
It is generally agreed that the new Alaskan modus
vivendi between the United States and Great Britain
will prevent collisions. The Southern Pacific might do
i goodjstroke of business by purchasing a couple and
letting nature take its course.
WOE TO THE CONQUERED.
THE absolutely personal nature of Mr. Phelan's campaign has been abundantly cvi-
denced. His Committee of One Hundred controlled the convention that nomi
nated him. It shut out the aspirations of other men, honorably entertained. It took
at his dictation Dr. Dodge, and by the same command it nominated for other offices Dr.
Dodge's deputies. It was a close corporation affair, and developed the corporate evil of
perpetual succession.
The charter contemplates a bi-partisan organization of the various executive
bodies of the city, the Fire and Police Commissions and the Public School Board. This
feature of the charter was a powerful influence in securing its majority at the polls. It
should be administered in the spirit of that feature in all respects to which it applies.
But Mr. Phelan announces that he will not so administer it. In every speech he
makes he calls all Republicans who support Mr. Davis "enemies of the charter." He declares j
them to be "traitors" and their support of Mr. Davis to be "treason." As if this were
not enough, in harsh characterization of his political opponents and their purposes, while
among them are thousands as honorable, with as great a stake in this city, and as deserv
ing as any in the ranks of his personal following, the Mayor has gone to the length of a
specific declaration of his purpose in forming the bi-partisan commissions. In an address
on Friday night to the Monticello Club, a non-partisan organization, Mr. Phelan said:
"The charter provides that as many Republicans as Democrats must be appointed to the
public commissions, but I want to say right here that if any Republican expects to be
represented on those commissions he must come from the ranks of those who meet us on
an equality. No traitor to the charter, no Republican who has dared to force national
affairs into our local campaign, will be given consideration." So, under Mr. Phelan, that
feature of the charter is to be violated. The commissions are to be uni-partisan, filled
with the personal partisans and supporters of Mr. Phelan. As he impeaches all Republi
can supporters of Mr. Davis of treason to the charter, because they adhere to the whole
body of principles of their party and declare its full counsels, they "force national affairs
into our local campaign," and he will outlaw them in the executive government of the
city!
He already cries "Woe to the conquered!" He will select the commissions from
the ranks of his supporters, and the people he calls "traitors" will get no consideration.
Men like John S. Hittell, the historian of California, Louis Sloss. Irving M. Scott, Isaac
Upham, Sheldon Kellogg, and the long list of intelligent, respectable, public-spirited Re
publican business men, are to be denied representation in the government of the city.
That is not the purpose and spirit of the charter. When Horace Davis is elected he would
look upon it as aii abuse of his power, a civic crime, to fill these commissions only with
men who had supported him. He will look upon it as his duty, the only way in which
his oath to do his duty can be fulfilled, to go outside the ranks of his personal supporters
into the midst of those who opposed him in constituting the bi-partisan commissions. Any
other course would make his official oath perjury and stain his lips with false swearing.
But such considerations make no appeal to the conscience of Mr. Phelan. He does
not propose bi-partisan executives as the charter demands. lie announces that instead
of executing the charter in that 'respect he intends to install a Phelan oligarchy in office,
and at the very moment of its vital institution to violate the charter and turn it into a
personal political machine. Yet he calls other men "traitors" to the charter!
It is enough to make his Grand Old Man Britton pick up his grand old grip and
drop out of the Phelan procession.
The Phelanesque organization in the Democratic party is exactly in line with his
declared purpose as to the public commissions. It is a Phelan oligarchy. All Democrats
outside of it have been treated as "traitors" to Phelan. They have been denied the right
to present gentlemen in conventions as candidates for nomination to office. In the last
convention only those who were rounded up and branded with the Phelan mark were
given consideration. It was a personal affair entirely. It is natural, therefore, that he
should carry the same system into organization of the government under the charter. His
success in his own party has emboldened him to declare such to be his purpose. His
proclamation of outlawry sets a price upon the heads of all Republicans who do not sup
port him.
The friends of the charter now act with notice and knowledge. .
THE INDORSEMENT OF WHEELER.
PROMPTLY and spontaneously the merchants,
the manufacturers, the business men of the
coast generally, have rallied to the support of
'. William R. Wheeler, the Pacific Coast candidate for
the position of Interstate Commerce Commissioner.
The indorsements have come from individuals, from
1 trade organizations of various kinds, and from Cali
fornia, Oregon and Washington alike. The sneak
tactics of the Southern Pacific Company to defeat
the desire for a Commissioner from the coast having
been exposed by The' Call, the people have taken
j vigorous measures to baffle them. The outlook for
'. success is now promising. For once at any rate the
Pacific Coast States are united.
Mr. Wheeler was agreed upon for the office by
the delegates representing Washington, Oregon and
California at their conference in this city because
j they recognized in him the man who is best fitted to
'< fill the position and perform its duties. The mem-
bers of the conference knew their constituents wish
a business man recommended for the place and acted
in accordance with the wish. There was no intention
|on their part to antagonize the Southern Pacific.
i They seek from the Interstate Commission .noth
| ing that would inflict any wrong on that or
! any other corporation. They were engaged in con
i sidering all the interests of the coast and sought only
jto promote the general good. The opposition made
, by the Southern Pacific in putting up a candidate of
J its own was due solely to that spirit of domination
' which appears to animate Huntington in everything
and which prompts him to actions which show a de-
termination to rule or to ruin the State.
Just as the railroad resolved that if it could not
elect to the United States Senate a representative of
the road rather than of the State there should be no
| Senator, so now it has determined to have from this
i coast a railroad lawyer on the Interstate Commerce
Commission or prevent the choice of any man at all
' from this coast. Such is the antagonism that has
{ been raised against Wheeler. From no . other
| oource has there been manifested any opposition to
| him at all. The issue, therefore, is between the coast
I and the Southern Pacific. It is the choice of the
| representative of the business men of three States or
the representative of a Kentucky corporation doing
i business in California solely for the purpose of im-
posing upon its industries as heavy a burden as the
traffic will bear.
The Senators and the Representatives in Congress
from the coast are expected in this issue to side with
the people and stand firmly for the candidate they
have put forward. Assurances have been given from
all sides that business men are as a unit for Wheeler.
He has been indorsed by associations which never
" ■ before have recommended any candidate for political
1 i office. The support given him is as cordial in Los
; Angeles as in San Francisco, and in Oregon and
■ Washington as in California. It is. as was said by the
1 Portland Oregonian last Wednesday when Mr.
■ Wheeler's .selection by the conference was announced:
"The people of the coast do not want a politician,
' ! they want a business man who has not only a knowl-
edge of the details and principles of traffic, but is
also familiar with the necessities of the coast. Tlieir
choice has fallen upon such a man, and the unani
mous indorsement of so representative a body of
men as the executive committee of the Pacific Coast
Jobbers' and Manufacturers' Association is certainly
;■■ entitled to consideration."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 29, 1899.
GERMAN ARMY EXPERIMENTS.
REPORTS of the results of the German army
maneuvers for the year contain much interest-
ing information concerning the adaptation to
military uses jdl carrier pigeons, trained dogs, bi
cycles, balloons and automobiles. In the operations
90.000 men were employed and the field of the
maneuvers extended over a wide range of country, so
that every means of communication between distant
posts was tested and its value calculated for use in
case of actual war.
The campaign was conducted in a country that
was to a large extent mountainous, and there were
heavy rains during nearly the whole period, and yet,
despite the uneven nature and wet condition of the
roads a large number of bicycles were used for car
rying dispatches and proved to be of great service.
It is said that during the whole week of the
maneuvers dispatches were carried at night from the
field of battle to the headquarters at Karlsruhe by re
lays of ten men. a distance of about sixty to eighty
miles. If bicyclists are suddenly attacked on the road
by cavalry and have not time to take up a position
of shelter they dismount, lay their machines flat on
the road, retreat ten paces, and receive the cavalry
with quick fire. It is a curious -fact that horses have
a most decided objection to charge a bicycle spread
but on the road.
The use of the automobile is said to have been a
brilliant success. Those tried were very small, with
two seats, for officer and driver. They carried dis
patches or elderly staff officers quickly from one po
sition to another, and sometimes attained and kept
up a speed of forty miles an hour. There were several
accidents, mostly at night, from reckless driving.
Further experiments, it is said, are going to be made
in this direction, especially with regard to motor
cars as luggage-wagons.
Dogs were used to carry ammunition to the front
and dispatches to the rear, and are said to have proven
very useful auxiliaries to the army. Those used were
thoroughly trained and were as alert to do their mili
tary work as a sporting dog is to do the work expected
of him in the hunting field. Extensive use was made
of pigeons, but nothing of novelty was noted in their
service. The operations of the balloons were hin
dered to a great extent by the rainy weather and
very little if any improvement was noted over the bal
loons of former years. It is stated that wherever the
Emperor. stood a signal balloon with a flag attached
was sent up in order to enable the orderlies with dis
patches to find him at once. Every time his Majesty
decided upon ending the maneuvers for the day a
large round ball was sent up to the signal balloon.
Another novelty was the introduction of an oxygen
light for signaling purposes.
The experiments with all of these equipments show
how eager the Germans are to make use of everything
that can be of any service whatever in war. Whether
it be man, dog, bird, machine or just plain gas, the
Kaiser will bend it to his military service if he can.
When Germany engages in a war everything German
will be involved in it.
It is noted that in Tom Reed's application for ad
mission to the bar in New York he declares. an in
tention to. become a permanent resident of that State.
so Maine will know him no more except as a summer
boarder or a tourist" or something of that kind.
It is said that the press censorship at Manila is
to be made more rigid. General Otis ought to finish
his gigantic job of suppressing the news by cutting
the cable. ."-.*.*;•
EDITORIAL VARIATIONS.
BY JOHN McNfIUGHT.
General Sir Redvers Buller, now some
where on the deep blue sea on his way to
South Africa to take command of the
British forces and act with a free hand
against the Boers, has been termed "a
•brute" ln sundry reports given of his
character when his sudden attainment of
fame made him Interesting to the Ameri
can public. There are other reports, how
ever, that do him more honor and are
more to the credit of those who circulate
them. lie won the Victoria Cross by
risking his life to save that of a trooper
under his command who had been wound
ed by the Zulus and had fallen from his
horse. Buller saw the man fall, turned
and rode back in the face of the pursuing
foe, picked up the wounded Briton and
carried him to safety. The Victoria
Cross bears the simple inscription, "For
Valor." Perhaps Buller won it by "brute
courage," but it will be conceded at least
he is not a common brute.
From an account given of his life In the
Westminster Gazette it appears Buller
came of an old and wealthy Devonshire
family, and had he chosen might have
lived the life of a country gentleman
hunting foxes and playing golf "all the
same Blingum." He chose, however, to
do other things. "Eagles do not catch
flies" is the motto of his family, and he
has lived up to It. lie served In South
Africa working hard in training the
blacks to be soldiers Instead of staying
at home to train puppies to hunt par
tridges. He also raised a troop of light
horse, of which he took the command.
This regiment was recruited from the
wild, adventurous spirits with which Cape
Colony abounded. Many of them, it Is
said, had been no bettor than lawless
brigands, but Buller so Infused Into them
his own intrepidity and discipline that
they were as tractable as any regiment of
the line, and their prowess during the
Zulu war was unrivaled.
Until Puller's character ls revealed ln
the red, fierce light of war for all to read,
we must perforce rely upon the testimony
of others in forming an opinion concern
ing it. and perhaps as good an account
of him as can be obtained just now is
that given years ago by Archibald Forbes
In describing his career during the Zulu
campaign. Forbes said:
"Here was a man with some six thou
sand a year, a beautiful house in fair
Devon waiting for his occupation; a seat
in Parliament all but secured: and yet
for the patriotic love of leading that
strange medley of reckless adventurers
he was living squalidly In the South
African veldt, sleeping in the open for
three nights out of the six with a single
blanket thrown over his body; his hands
so disfigured by cattle sores, the curse of
the veldt, that I never saw them not ban
daged up. With Ills intrepid heroism he
had saved the lives of so many of his men
that, In talking to them, it almost seemed
that he had saved all their lives. A
strange, stern, strong-tempered man,
Whose pride it seemed to be to repress all
his own emotion and to smother Its dis
play ln others, he would order a man per
emptorily back to his duty who came into
his tent to ask him to read a letter ln
which a mother thanked him for saving
the life of her son."
Bullfr, like Dewey, had to wait a long
time for the opportunity of supreme
command at a crisis In the history of his
country to come to him. He Is 60 years
of age. It is said he has seen more active
service than any oflicer in Europe, and
his friends assert he has genius. Such ls
the "brute" who will lead the Briton
against the Boer, and It looks as if Oom
Paul had his match.
• • •
There have been many descriptions of
Dewey as an admiral, as a hero, as a
modest -gentleman, as a Presidential prob
ability and as an ornament for parades,
but I have seen but one effort to describe
him as any ordinary fellow would be de
scribed by a casual acquaintance; and
that is sufficiently excellent to be worth
quoting. A Philadelphia man told the
Philadelphia Record thus:
"I saw Dewey. I conversed with him.
He had his hand on my shoulder— this
one. the left— here, just over the shoulder
blade. I observed him well. His gray
morning coat and waistcoat were not ex
cellent. They did not balance, and the
waistline was not well marked. They cost
no more than 530, I am sure. His patent
leather boots were pointed, actually point
ed. I shuddered when my eye fell on
them, and mentally put their price at $5.
His collar was good in shape, but was
laundered with a gloss and by machinery.
All collars should be laundered by hand
and have no gloss, of course. His tie was
made— he had not tied lt himself! You
can buy such ties anywhere for half a
dollar only, of course, you wouldn't."
That Impartial account of the hero's
dress, given with the calmness of a Phila
delphia society leader, is all that was
needed to lift Dewey's popularity to the
highest pinnacle. It is now clear we can
say of him with strict veracity: "He's a
dandy, but he's no dude."
There Is one more Dewey story to be
told. It is one that has something of a
mystery In it, and may raise a stormy
controversy between Vermont and Con
necticut. The correspondent of the Hart
ford Courant. in giving an account of
Dewey's reception at Montpelier, inti
mates that the hero is not a Vermonter.
He says: "We Connecticut people consent
to temporarily consider Montpelier as Ad
miral Dewey's birthplace. We have heard
on what we decide to be good authority
that he was born In Connecticut, but lt
seems ungracious at such a time as this
to make too much of a matter of detail
now that all Vermont has turned out to
welcome him." And again, in describing
the appearance of the admiral, the writer
says: "A few of us think he shows unde
niable traces of the distinction of his Con
necticut birth."
That is the story as it stands. Vermont
so far has not deigned to notice the insin
uations, treating them in fact as if they
were no better than Connecticut nutmegs.
It is, however, to be hoped the challenge
will be taken up and the issue decided:
not that it makes any difference to the
nation whether Dewey were born in this
or that locality of the republic, but be
cause It will add much to the enlighten
ment of all to learn what are the undeni
able marks of the "distinction of Connect
icut birth." .
• '-'■■■ *\2-Z*
To the discussions concerning the prob
lems and the policies of American uni
versities there have been recently made
WHEN THE SOLDIERS
CAPTURED THE OAKLAND BOAT
Editor Call: The forwarding of troops necessarily causes Inconvenience to
travelers by rail and also interferes with freight traffic- These things beine un
avoidable, are borne with patience by the public. '
But when military officers viciously and without reason, in the unnecessary
and Illegal exercise of authority, increase the inconvenience of the public and
treat civilians as if they, had no rights it is time to protest
On one of the early ferry boats from Oakland on Friday morning there were
several hundred soldiers who had arrived at the mole the night before That
boat is also used by hundreds of mechanics and early business men en route to
San-Francisco, who habitually get their coffee or breakfast at the boat resta..
rant. When the troops cane on board the officer in command of them placed an
armed guard at the restaurant, closets arid bar, and when the mech^n?es . ,an
to their dally toil went for their breakfasts they were challenged 1 by th J £ mlngr
guard [and' refused admission. The boat was out on the ba>" Hercimam «■"?
«tq the military officer and explained that these mechanics and otherXLn dm
$«& ilfcfc/^ civillans ™ WSSJ&Mft £S»Stt
This ls an outrage, a violation of the law, an excess of military authority an
This is an outrage, a violation of the. law, an excess of military authority an
nsultlng and offensive assumption of power, for which that office/should be pun"
Ished by the civil law If it is repeated I Predict that whoever does it will be
taught that the ferry Is not under martial law. and an upstart officer and netty
tyrant in uniform has no more rights there than the civilians whom he treats a,
serlS' . -: COMMUTER.
three important contributions. Each
comes from a man who has assumed the
presidency of a great university, and each
therefore is something, more than a mere
academic discourse. It is a manifesto of
a plan of campaign to be entered upon
at a seat of learning and gives promise
of action as well as words of counsel.
The three men are: President Wheeler
of the University of California, who is
entitled to precedence partly because he
is one of us and partly because he made
the best installation address of the three;
President Arthur Twining Hadley of Tale
and President "William Herbert Perry
Faunce of Brown. There was an agree
ment among them that American univer
sities have broken from the traditions
of the past, have entered upon a field of
work whose limits are not yet defined
and are grappling with problems not fully
understood. Pres'dent Faunce said: "The
modern university must be catholic in
Its attitude to all realms of knowledge
and must recognize all honest intellectual
endeavor." President Hadley said: "The
Yale of the future must count for even
more than the Yale of the past In the
work of the city, State and nation. It
must come into closer touch with our
political life and be a larger part of that
life." President "Wheeler outlined a pol
icy of action at Berkeley which, if car
ried out, will touch and adorn every ac
tivity of our people from planting pine
trees on the hills of Amador to selling
prunes to the people of the Philippines,
and between those extremes will include
the improvement of poetry and art in
San Francisco.
Truly the university is about to become
a universality— an encyclopedia of all that
and perhaps some day may Include
journalism.
• •
The installation address of President
Wheeler has been so recently published
and reviewed in The Call that further
notice of its excellences are not needed.
Some of the things said at Yale and at
Brown,' however, have not been widely
published here and therefore are worth
noting. President Hadley said he does
not wish Yale to become a university for
rich men's sons or a university where
the student body is divided Into two
classes— the one rich and the other poor.
Furthermore, he declared himself of the
opinion there Is a tendency toward over
doing the beneficiary fund business in our
colleges, and that what the college stu
dents really need is not gratuitous aid,
but more and better opportunities to earn
the wherewithal to meet their college ex
penses; that all scholarship aid beyond
the tuition fees, whether for undergrad
uates or for graduates, should be dis
tinctly in the nature of a prize for really
distinguished work or a payment for ser
vices rendered. In other words, remun
eration, rather than pauperization, should
be the principle underlying such aid.
Such a statement on the part of the
new president throws a strong side light
on some of the problems they are strug
gling with at Yale. Too many rich men's
sons on one side and too many gratui
tous students on the other are giving to
Yale a social atmosphere that is more
European than American. The same evil
Is doubtless experienced at Harvard, and
the time may come when the young New
Englander who wishes to go to a uni
versity where he can enjoy a true democ
racy of companionship will have to seek
it somewhere In the West.
The problems at Brown are different I
from those at Yale, but they are just as j
hard to solve. It will be remembered by
those who take an interest in university ]
affairs that at the time of the controversy
over the attempt to force the resignation
of President Andrews it was stated that
Rockefeller had declared he would have
given Brown University $100,000 had it not
been that the doctrines of finance and of
political economy expounded by Andrews
were unpleaslng to him. As Andrews
eventually left the university, it has been
frequently asserted that the president
chosen to take his place would be satis
factory to the man of many millions who
has a fancy for having universities run
according to his notion. It was therefore
something of a surprise to a good many
people that in his inaugural address
President Faunce said that any college
that should receive any gift whatsoever
on condition of making the donor's per
sonal private views the standard of In
struction would be guilty of an inconceiv
able degradation, both of Itself and of
the cause of education which it misrepre
sents.
So now Rockefeller will not give that
$100,000 to Brown. The University of Chi
cago will have no rival in his affections
and President Harper will have the ex
clusive privilege of teaching Rockefeller
ology and applying it to the whole domain
of human learning.
■-** \ ■?■ * • *
There is one point of Faunce's address
which may not have been Inspired like a
Delphic oracle, but is certainly just about
as incomprehensible as one. He had
stated that a modern university must rec
ognize "all honest intellectual endeavor,"
and lt would appear therefore that it
ought to recognize woman's endeavor, for
from a university point of view a woman
can be both honest and intellectual; but
none the less President Faunce went on
to say: "In New England to introduce
women into what has been for a century !
a men's college, with no change in cus
toms and atmosphere; to allow them to j
think that the adoption of masculine tra- ;
dition is essential to emancipation, this is |
to Inflict a cruel wrong on young woman
hood."
What ls meant by Introducing a young
woman to a men's college without a
change of atmosphere is not clear, nor is
it clear how such Introduction would lead
them to the adoption of men's traditions
and inflict a wrong on them. It might be
well for Brown to get an atmosphere less
laden with tobacco smoke, eliminate tra
ditions that would wrong a woman and
give the girls a chance. Even Rockefel
ler's Harperverslty does that.
As the trustees of the public library of
Oakland excluded from its shelves the.
other day a book of conceded literary
merit because it was not fitted for circu
lation in Oakland, they may be Interested
In this little bit of a dialogue at a library,
reported in the London Academy:
"Lady— Then you have nothing at all
of Thomas Love Peacock's?
"Assistant— Nothing, madam. You see,
this Is only a circulating library, and Mr.
Peacock's works are purely literary."
MISCELLANEOUS.
i^ttoe¥s~~
pattosienT""
hold the fort
hold the fort*
Parlor and Chamber Suits and Side-
boards Come First, Beautiful
Carpets Second.
Extension Tables, about 200 of them
some that cost ten for $6.50— be
apt to have a strong following this
week. Better and cheaper ones, but
the smaller price tables will be better
I patronized.
The 200 have to go!
PATTOSIEN'S are now about N far
enough advanced with the new building
to stampede Chamber Suits and Side-
boards. They may not be related so-
cially, but they come together nicely
sometimes— if not always. So do Ex-
tension Tables that spread out.
PATTOSIEN'S anxiety, however, it
centered on their magnificent line of
Parlor Suits and Rockers. The whole
half second floor of the big two-acre
store is given up to them, and still they
i have not enough room to show them all.
But what do you care about what you
\ have to see? It is what you can see
and get possession of at small cost
which most concerns you. The rest
you will get from day to day while this
great sale lasts. Every day from now
until the improvements are completed
and the two-acre store is turned into a
three-acre store will be a bargain day at
PATTOSIEN'S.
The same bargains in San Jose.
Brass and Enameled Beds seem to
have taken housekeepers off their feet.
Even at the door of winter they are in
great demand. PATTOSIEN'S put a
carload of those beds at your disposal
on MONDAY at absolutely two-third
price, and they should do all the brass
bed business that is to be done on
MONDAY.
Beautiful Rugs have their call. But
they are merely appetizers for the un-
matchable" stock of -beautiful Axmin-
sters, Velvets, Moquettes, Body Brus-
sels, Ingrains and the beautiful Lino-
leums and Oilcloths four yards wide.
Where ignorance isn't bliss —
PATTOSIEN'S GREAT STORE,
Sixteenth and Mission.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
T. R. Brewer, an oil speculator of
Selma, is a guest at the Lick.
Charles Mclver, the Mission San Jose
capitalist, is at the California.
J. M. Canty, a wealthy fruit man of
Grayson, Is a guest at the Lick.
J. S. Ewing, a prominent fruit grower of
Fresno, is registered at the Lick.
W. McNeil, a merchant of New Zealand,
is at the Occidental on his way back home
from the East.
Richard T. Fisher, a prominent resi
dent of Washington, D. C, is a guest at
the Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. A. D. Scott, two prominent
society people of Ukiah, are registered for
a short stay at the Grand.
G. Knudson and L. Lindbee, two travel
ers from Norway, are among the arrivals
of yesterday at the Palace.
William Hlnson, a wealthy merchant of
Sydney, and J. H. Hayes, an English busi
ness man of prominence, are both at the
Palace.
W. W. Mlddlescough, a well-known
Stockton attorney, has come down to the
city for a short visit. He is registered at
the Lick.
S. W. Wible, a Bakersfleld banker, and
B. Qurelle are both at the Lick, where
they returned yesterday from a recei.t
trip to Alaska.
Among those who arrived on the over
land last evening and went to the Palace
was Count R. Duval, a young French
aristocrat, who is traveling for pleasure.
Charles M. Buchanan and J. J. Veemlng,
two prominent residents of Kansas, are
registel^d at the Palace, where .hey ar
rived yesterday for the purpose of visit
ing the boys who fought under Funsto'..
■ ♦ ■
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Oct. 28— J. A. Hollis
and wife of San Francisco are at the
Wellington; D. W. Prendagast of San
Francisco Is at the Willard.
RAILROAD AFFILIATION
BARS GENERAL CHIPMAN
Modesto Herald.
The Call vigorously combats a proposi
tion looking to the appointment of Gen
eral Chipman of Red Bluff as a member
of the Interstate Commerce Commission,
arguing that he is too closely allied with
the Southern Paciflc Company to be
placed in a position to pass upon Inter
state railroad rates and regulations. And
The Call ls right. Chipman in every other
respect Is eminently— even pre-eminently
qualified for the position, but his known
affiliation with the Southern Paciflc Com
pany would destroy his usefulness, no
matter how honest his motives. And the
honesty of Chipman's motives would be
questioned, be it noted, by men who have
known him to accept railroad • "sugges
tions" in politics to promote railroad ends.
But while a known ally of the Southern
Paciflc Company should by no means be
made a member of the Interstate Com
merce Commission, it by no means follows
that a known enemy of our great railroad
corporation should be named for the
place. The appointee should in this re
spect be as free from prejudice as from
favor, and a man who could neither be
influenced by railroad pressure nor by
"popular clamor" incited by metropolitan
papers for selfish and spiteful purposes.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
WOOD ALCOHOL— City. Wood
alcohol, while It may be helpful in the
case of a sprained foot, is not to be
recommended as a wash for the face
after shaving. '
POSTAGE STAMP LANGUAGE— V. Z.,
City. An illustrated article explanatory
of the postage stamp language so called
appeared In the magazine portion of the
Sunday Call, October 22, 1899.
TEACHERS' AGENCY — Subscriber.
Fresno, Cal. This department is not
aware of the existence of a "teachers'
agency for supplying schools with teach
ers or teachers with situations."
DID NOT INTERFERE— T. M., Marys
ville, Cal. During the Spanish-American
war Great Britain did not by any overt
act do anything to prevent other Euro
pean nations from interfering with the
United States In that war.
MAIL FOR MANILA— J. C. D., Chester,
Pa. Mail intended for Manila may be
placed in the Postofflce at any time. It
leaves by every steamer that sails from
San Francisco for Hongkong. It Is
carried to that point and then transferred
by another line of steamers to Manila.
Transports, which leave at Irregular
dates, also carry mail.
Travelers, see Townsend'3 display of
California glace fruits, 50c lb, in flre
etched boxes. 627 Market, Palace Hotel.*
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by t-e
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 610 Mon.
gomery street. Telephone Main 1012. •FULLER WILL
WAS A FORGERY
John Garner Makes a
Full Confession.
IMPLICATES TWO OTHERS
RODLEY ASKED HIM TO SIGN
THE DOCUMENT.
DOCUMENT.
Special Dispatch to Tbe Call.
CHICO, Oct. ZS.— John Garner, who was
arrested Wednesday evening for perjury
and forgery In ihe Fuller will case, has
confessed; and in the sad tale of admis
sion that he Iris been guilty of perjury
of perjury
and forgery he draws taut the linos of
evidence around Dr. J. Ellis Rodley and
Mrs. Minnie Houseworth. Following the
advice of his most Intimate friends, who
have believed that the Fuller will pre
sented by Mrs. Minnie Houseworth and
•-■fd by J. Ellis Rodley and Garner
was a forgery, he has told the whole story
< t bis relations with Mrs. Houseworth and
Rodley, The details of his confession are
now in writing and i.i the hands of Dis
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ia I Mm Hm m
PPi.fi fllp.llj'
6o Bad Uiat Water Would Ooze Oqf
Una tiiat Water Would Oozp Oq^
and EProp on the Floor. Hnnds
Full of Water Blisters. Doctor
Could Not Relieve. First Applica-
tion of CUTICURA Stopped Itch-
ing and Induced Sleep. Cured in
Oue Mouth.
I had eczema on my hand* «-• bad that when I
shut them, the rr.a'ter would ooze out aud drop
■ n tho floor. Ily hands were full of waler blis-
U" e of c while color. . was under the care of a
doctor for about amonth, luthe uid me no good.
I was a-jvised to try CVTZCtTIU remedlei, and
did cci, .-.ad it was wonderful • bat effect they
h/.d. Iho fir.t appllcaUon stopped that dreailful
-.- hh:ix. I slept at once, was cured i* four icfti:t.
Marc^i 81, **. M. A. COSGIUFF, D.
GftßY'S FACE MASS of SORES
Whea my Utile sister wm four month* old her
rVeUfi became ied and Inflamed. - .Kill pimples
Ise oai over her face niitl it was one mass of
i .St., v. !.-. a aimost closed her eyes and reached
' ;. the corners of her mouth. For severnl
v. ..fit a physician attended hor, but the derived
i r no benefit from his b «.-.i.':ent. We
tight a cake of CCTICtntA 9 at und a box of
i * m I t'.A ;o!::tmcnt). Her fa « healed, she grew
healthy again. ; ■ »8A BURGER, Solomon, Kan.
gin WITH THE BLOOD
CcTianu Treatment beplns with the blood
r.: lends with theskin,»ca!p, and h:iir. That
say, Cuticcua Itr.SOi.TCNT, the new blood and
e^ire purifier and groatcetof humor ires, purities
;he. blood and circulating Culd6 of humor germs,
atd thus removes the cause, while warm laths
with OrTHTRA Boat and pentle anointing with
Cuticuiu (ointment)) greatest of emollient skio
cure«, cl-anse the skin and scaip ef crusts and
eca!c«, nllf-iy it.-hinc. burnlnp, ar.d inflammation,
aootbe and heal, thus compitting the cure.
SoM throughout (be **.r!&. Tetter n. % C. Corp., Sale
l'l-cpn.. Iio?f-)n. «f U»" tn Cur? Eczema," ftet.
DSDUfO Cf/!W Scam" e-m4 n*i» BMutiS-fd by
JVS SKIN ■.-•■■ _-M"-
I YES, WE HAVE
I STRUCK OIL I
'i i
H \\f E KAVE MOKE TO Gri'E, |
sa ~T «J»d ask less than any other oil 3
company on the market, for we flrst f
Bunk small test wells to determine [
m positively whether or not our lands g
(;{ were oil-bearlnr before? askinsr the (
M piblie toir.vcst. withthe result that we ['
STRUCK (HL U
fi In our test wells. Tou take no [
chance, for we have tbe oil. It ls '
i* only necessary to lay a pipe line t
I YES, WE HAVE I
STRUCK OIL !
\\f ~ HAVE MORE TO GIVD. I
*~ .*. ar.y other oil a
r we first B
•»rmln« H
* ;r lands B
i^.x.:-.z the B
* witb tlje result that we H
BTRLCK K\\\_ %
Vnu take no Q
.. tve the oil. It ts B
a i'ipe line B
vn a large I
tS well, when we can commence pay- I
« ir.sr dividends. 5
M We have a certainty, 740 acres, ln s
ertalnty, T4O acres. In I
M the very heart of the Kern River |
fcjj District; In fact, rart of v.:-n - -els B
P« Tract, the criminal discoverer of oil I
Pf in this district. g
j TO SELL GUICKLY |
TO SELL GUICKLY
[j w"e are going to dispose of 10,000 i
fi shares of treasury stock at JJo per j
tj {-har?;, alter which there will be a j
|i large advance, or withdrawn from
M eale entirely. At this l«jw price you t
• i >.ay* thi certainty of realizing from j
rl 20 to 60 tlm^s the amount of your
\l Investment thin ninety days. We
tj ark you to I
fj INVESTIGATE THOROUGHLY.
INVESTICATE TMOROUCHLY.
Application for shares must be q
f3 made (julekly If any are desired at
IM this price. Mail or-Ws will receive
?1 prompt atti-.niion. For further in-
t* forrnatlon and prospectus, writ* or
3 call
A PETROLEUM CENTER OIL CO.,
PETROLEUM CENTER OIL CO.,
U 29 KILL* BCILDINO. THIRD FLOOR. fe
KfIHBBfIHBBfIBBEBMaHBBfIfIfI
COIRIA "S EW RARE COLLECTION
COUeiAN'S YEW RARE COLLECTION
Just out of the .Custom House.
TURKISH DilHO
Persian nyyi)
PERSIAN HlJlly
WILL BE SOLD AT PEItEMPTORY
AUCTION
Commencing
Wednesday, Nov. lst,
Wednesday, Nov. Ist,
AT J P. T.J. DAILT.
Goods on view Monday and Tuesday, Oct. 38 i
ar.d Ji, at
'\\*-T Rooms,
125 GEARY ST.
■ enr-ift the City of Paris.
NOTE— Mr. Courian. realizing that nothing i
was too fine for hiR ratrons in San Francisco.
Instructed his r.yrnts In the Orient to secure
the rarest and m"st perfect antiques obtain-
able. This collection represents tire*, years of ,
• heir labor an-*, was made specially for this
tale. A. W. I-OUDE-RBACK will conduct th*
ealu.
Furniture Buyers
Furniture Buyers
w
-• my prices on furniture.
<~all and examine my prices on furniture,
carpets, stoves, etc., before purchasing else-
where. You can «*av« fully 20 per cent by buy- j
ing hers. Liberal, credit extended to all; $50
tvortft of furniture for tl per week.
Estimates ri-'»n on complete house furnish- i
Inif from cellar to parrel.
T. BRILLIANT,
838-340 POST ST.,
Bet. Stockton and Powell.
Opp. Cnion Square.
Free deliven' Oakland, Alameda and Berk*-;
'»>'- Open evenings.
NEW WESTERN OOTEL,
X EAKNY AND WASHINGTON STS.-RE-
*» mndelsd and renovated, KING. WARD -.
• i). European plan. Rooms. 60c to Jl CO day;
■V.'to JS reek; J. to 130 month. Free Letts; hot ;
md cdlej water every room; lire crates in every . l i
loom; elevator runs all nigiu. " ] ,
trict Attorney Sproul. but cannot be re
vealed to the public for the reason that
defendants ltcd!ey and 1 worth would
be given an unfair advantage.
Friday evening John Garner appeared at
the i race of District Attorney Sproul
ntid stated that he desired to make a
clean breast of the crooked business with
which he had been connected. Before al
lowing Garner to make his statement
Sproul informed him that lf he should
make a -statement it would be on his own
peril. He reaffirmed his desire to relieve
himself of the story. After he had stated
all he went to his home. This morning
Sproul went to Garner's home with the
Wiitten statement and it was read In his
presence by one of his bondsmen -*-*?•!""
ne^r pronounced it correct, signed his
nnme and made affidavit tn It.
District Attorney Sproul was Inter
viewed this afternoon, and for the reason
stated above refused to give the details
of the confession. He stated that the con
fession is of the same character of evi
dence as that given by the other im
portant witnesses; that Garner beratne an
attesting witness to the will after the
death of Fuller for a money eonsldera
tii'B. - ._ ,
Garner related the details of the bar
pain made with Rodley. Rodley promised
to pa him $5000 for attesting the will
Having made the confession Garner stated
that he felt as tnough a terrible burden
was raised from him.
PubUc svmpatby has been strong In
Garner's favor for the reason that It is
believed that If a conspiracy was formed
to rob the Fuller estate Garner's was not
the evil mind mat managed the affair.
The news of the confession reached about
noon the ears of those who had agreed to
become sureties on his bail bond and those
who qualified in the largest amounts
therefore refused to sign.
This afternoon Dr. Rodley was taken to
the County Jail at Oroville. he having
failed in his effort to secure the requirea
bond.
WILL APPLY TO THE
COURTS FOR A DIPLOMA
Novel Suit Filed by a Student at the
State Normal School.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 2S.— A suit that will at
tract the attention of pupils and teach
ers all over the coast will be commenced
here in a few days. The plaintiff will be
Henry Miller, a student at the State Nor
mal School, and he will try to force the
faculty of that institution to graduate
him. Miller, who is nearly 45 years of age,
has been a student at the school for about
five yoars. He has also spent some time
at the San Diego and Los Angeles nor
mals and has been employed ln teaching
in various places. At the time of the
graduating of the last class he passed in
all studies except manual training.
In this Mrs. Place, teacher of that de
partment, refused to pass him and Prin
cipal McNaughton and tbe faculty notified
him he had better leave school as he was
unlit to graduate. Miller was refused
further admission to the school, but
through the aid of Attorney Morehouse
and threats of suit he was allowed to re
sume the study he was deficient in.
The next class graduates Friday, and
Miller's name Is not on the list. He will
not be allowed to graduate. Miller de
clares he will cite the faculty and trus
tees in court to show cause why he should
not be given a diploma and also demand
$50>X) damages of the trustees.
Miller 16 especially bitter against Mrs.
Place, who refused to pass him In manual
training, and this lady is frightened of
him to such an extent that she has told
her friends he may attack her.
— «- —
WILL TEST THE NEW
MILLER COAL CONVEYOR
Invention Transfers Coal Irrespective
of the Pitch of the Vessel at
a Rapid Rate.
a Rapid Rate.
NEW YORK. Oct. 2S.— The board which
Is to test the Miller conveyor for coaling
at sea consists of Lieutenant Commander
A. L. Peese, a senior member, and Lieu
tenants Barnado and Washington, all of
Unite.! States steamship Indiana. After
the experiments with the Marconi sys
tem of wireless telegraphy the battle
ship Massachusetts and tne collier Mar
ceiliis Will make tests of coaling on a
moderate sea.
The coal is transferred by elevated
cables, so operated as to maintain a con
stant deflective, Irrespective of the pitch
and roll of the tWO vessels. If the speed
of a recent test in the New Fork Navy
yard can be maintained at sea, the ca
pacity of the driver will be something like
thirty tons ncr hour.
MUST STAY IN FOLSOM.
.Qltforcid CfTwptt. iUcmorry
• : RrctJDr.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HEART DISEASE.
Some Facts Regarding the Rapid In-
crease of Heart Trouble.
Heart trouble, at least among the Amer-
j leans, is certainly Increasing, and while
I this may be largely due to the excite-
1 ment and worry of American business
j life, it is more often the result of weak
' stomachs, of poor digestion.
Real organic disease is incurable; but j
l not one case in a hundred of heart trou-
ble if- organic.
The close relation between heart trouble
\ and poor digestion is because both organs
are controlled by the same great nerves—
the Sympathetic and Pneumogastrlc.
In another way also the heart is af-
fected by the form of poor digestion, ;
which causes gas and fermentation from '
Half digested food. There Is a feeling of
' oppression and heaviness in the chest
: caused by pressure of trie distended rto*
: macn on the heart and lungs. Interfering
, with their action; hence arises palpitation
i and short breath.
Poor digestion also poisons the blood,
making it thin and watery, which irri-
tates and weakens the heart.
The most sensible treatment for heart
trouble la to Improve the digestion and '
to insure the prompt assimilation of food. !
This call be done by the regular use
after meals of some safe, pleasant and
effective digestive preparation, like
I Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, which may
be found at most drug stores, and which
contain valuable, harmless .digestive ele-
ments in a plea-pant, convenient form.
It Is safe to nay that the regular per-
sistent use of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
at mealtime will euro any form of sto-
mach trouble except cancer of the sto-
mach.
Full sized package* nt these tablets sold
by druggists at 50 cents. Little book -an
stomach troubles mailed free. Addrees F.
A. Btuart Co., Marshall, Mich.
THE SAM lEAiS CISCO CALL., SUNDAY, OCI O 29, 1599.
GLOOMY OUTLOOK
IN PHILIPPINES
Months of War With
But Trifling Gain.
INSURRECTION IS GROWING
LITTLE TERRITORY CONQUERED
BY AMERICANS.
Special Dispatch to The Pall.
CHICAGO. Oct. 25.-The Tribune to-day |
prints a summary of the situation in the!
Philippine Islands from its special cor-
respondent there, Richard H. Little. The
letter, which is dated Manila., September \
I*4 , Bays:
Here are some figures, made seven
months and a half after our campaign
against the Filipinos began. Say lt Is
fifty-one miles to Angeles, we hold pos-
session of the railroad up to that point. !
We can fairly claim possession of the
land a half mile on each side of the track.
We have possession of the wagon road.
and, let us say, a half mile on each side '■
from San Fernando through Bacolor to :
banta Rita eight miles, with four miles
to r,u?sa- " c have a road from Malolos
to I llauag, eleven miles northeast. We i
can claim eleven square miles here.
ue have Manila out as far as the water I
works, five miles away. That gives us, I
say, twenty-five miles around the city.
1 hen we have the road and a half milo
each side down eighteen miles to Imus.
T hen we have Calamba and some other
points. on the lake that General Lawton
captured before he was ordered back. !
These towns are not approached by road, I
but by .boat across the Laguna de Bai,
and we only control the land they !
stand on. j
Adding up our total possessions, we find
we have 117 square miles. The island of
Luzon contains 42.000 square miles.
Outside of Luzon the Insurrection seems
to be growing. The insurgents hold ports
In Mindanao, the next largest Island to I
Luzon in the Philippines, and said to be j
incalculably rich in gold and silver mines.
Iron and copper ores, coal and other mm
erals, besides possessing wonderful forests !
of hardwood. No Americans have dared
venture there as yet, as General Otis has
sent no trooops to the island. Englishmen j
and Germans are prowling about the isi- I
and getting all the concessions they can. j
It Is said several prospecting parties are
at work. j
General Otis reports conflicts between
"robber bands" and American soldiers in
Negros and Cebu. The Nineteenth, the
Eighteenth, the Sixth and one battalion of
the Twenty-third Infantry are now In
these two islands fighting the "robber
bands." who dig trenches and occupy
towns and make night attacks after the
fashion of the insurgents in Luzon. A
late report from Luzon ls that some 2000
"robbers" were menacing our forces and
a collision was imminent.
The next campaign Is going to be differ- ;
ent from the last. We will get out of the \
flat, open country into mountainous,
thickly wooded country. If we do not
end the war here we will have to carry It
into the high, rock-ribbed mountains of
Luzon. It will be no violation of a state
secret to say that the first object of the
next campaign will be to take the rest of
the railroad from the hands of the insur- i
gents. The insurgents ought to be firmly
convinced by this time that we want the
Manila and Dagupan road, as we have j
fought along that line seven months, j
They know we want it, and they also
know that we are going to get it, for they
are already tearing up the track, burning
the ties and burying the rails north of j
Angeles.
The country east of the railroad, north j
of Angeles to Dagupan, Is much like It is
south to Manila, except higher and more
broken. West of the railroad are high
mountains, that still offer the' insurgents
better opportunity of retreat and escape
than they had in the low country. With
the taking of the railroad we will havo
cut off the provinces of Zamhales. Pag- !
gaslnan, Tarlac and Panpanga, and Ba
taan from the main part or the island,
and ran lay claim to a good deal more
■country than the precise amount of real
estate on which our army is now camp
ing.
From the railroad Aguinaldo's army can
hftrdly retreat anywhere but northward i
across the mountains to the fertile valley !
of the Rio Grand* de Cagayary.
The "walled city" cannot understand
why the army has so much trouble with
the railroad. When the officers in the
field notify the 'walled city" that the j
rails have been torn up from the section |
of track just captured and that the ties
have been burned and the grade de- i
rtroyed, they get an order to "fix it."
So after a few miles' of railroad are cap
tured the soldiers have to scatter up and
down the track and go mining for steel '
rails. The insurgents bury the rails five
or six feet deep. They observed that
the Americans located the rails by sound
ing with a crowbar, so they resorted to
the expedient of putting a layer of ties
over the rails. To replace the burned
ties the quartermaster's department was
forced to use planks, two boards each
two -lies wide being nailed together for
ties. The sidetrack, wherever possible all
the way back to Manila, was jerked up, !
carried north, and put down where the
rails could not bo found. i
Another great need of the army la light
draught steamboats for use on the many
rivers and lakes of Luzon. There is
hardly a place in the world where an
army coula use river steamers to greater
advantage. The Rio Grande, the Chico,
the Rio Grande Pampanga. the Agno, the
Blcol and the Paslg all flow through fer- j
tile and densely populated valleys and of- I
fer a means to the army of bringing up j
supplies and swiftly transporting large
dies of soldiers that would bo inval
uable were it utilized.
From what can be learned from the in- j
surgents they are well satisfied with the
present condition of affairs. Their Con
gress has just returned a communication
to the American Peace Commission, de
claring that, while they would have ac
cepted autonomy from our Government if
they had been properly dealt with at first,
they will now consider no proposition ex
cent independence. With almost 42,000 !
miles of territory from which to "draw
supplies, and with those coming In with- '
out opposition from Hongkong, Japan
and from Central and South America and
Australia, the insurgents are probably !
doing well as far as supplies are con- i
cerned.
NATIVE BANDS BEATEN
AND MANY ARE KILLED
MANILA, Oct. 28.— Detachments of the
Sixth Infantry have recently been en
p-H-<od In dispersing bands of bandits who
have been operating in the Island of NV
gros. Captain Simons struck a village
of Tulisanes near San Carlos, and Cap
tain Evans defeated another band, kill
ing ten, wounding: many, and capturing
twenty. There were no American losses
WASHINGTON. Oct. 28.— War De
partment to-day received • the following
patch from General Otis:
MANILA, Oct 28.— Young struck the in
surgents at Santa Rosa, north of San
Isldro, yesterday, driving them and cap
turing some of their property. Casualties.
two killed and one wounded. Evans of
the Sixth Infantry struck a robber band
In Negros on the 27th Inst., and killed ten.
wounding many and capturing twenty
prisoners. Simons of the Sixth Infantry
.WW^W band, dispersed them and
killed thirty-two. No casualties.
TRANSPORT THOMAS
INSPECTED BY ROOT
NEW YORK, Oct. 28.-Secretary Root!
of the War Department, accompanied by
the army officers, to-day made an in- j
spection of the transport Thomas, lying
at the Government dock in Brooklyn, an.l i
which came here a few days ago from
the Cramps of Philadelphia. Accompany- I
ing Secretary Root were Brigadier Gen-!
eral , Marshall T. Ludington. Colonel!
Charles Bird, General John C. Watkin I
Surgeon General Sternberg, Commander j
Katsuro Marita of the Imperial Japanese
navy, and Captain Vlgnat. military at- .
tache of the French embassy.
The vessel sails on November 4 for Ma
nila with the Forty-seventh Regiment.
now at Camp Meade, There are 1306 men
'-". V*- regiment, commended by Colonel
Walter Howe. A monr the vessel's sup
ples are 200 coffins. Becretary Root was
pleased' with th* vessel's general equip
ment and •-UP. He said the vessel
was undoubtedly the greatest army trans
port in the world.
THREATENED TO
KILL HIS WIFE
Serious Charge Against
G. J. Moore.
CONSTANTLY IN TROUBLE
SHOT HIS BROTHER HARRY
FIVE YEARS AGO.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PASADENA. Oct. 2S.— G. J. Moore, son
of the president of the Pacific Mutual Life
Insurance Company, is now in the County
Jail awaiting trial before City Recorder
Klamroth on a charge of threatening to
kill his young wife. Since arrival here
Moore has been pretty constantly before
the public. His first trouble occurred last
winter when he and his wife were resid
ing on Elmlra street. He was working
this territory under the employ of his
father. Next door lived another agent of
this same company. The two agents
quarreled over the agency of the territory.
For a long time they would not speak to
each other. Then one night Moore set a
trap for chicken thieves, he said, and
caught his neighbor's dog. The dog made
a great noise and awoke its owner, who
aroused the Marshal. The dog had to be
shot. v
Moore was arrested and tried for dis
turbing the peace. The other agent was
arrested on Moore's complaint and finally
matters were adjusted on an arrange
ment as to costs, Later Moore and the
other agent indulged in a fist fight. in the
Los Angeles office of the company. These
affairs caused a stir in the community,
and ihere grew up what was known as
the Elmira street teud, the families there
taking* sides with whichever party they
deemed in the right. Mr. and Mrs. Moore
finally removed to 131 Waverly drive. Sev
eral days ago they separated, Mrs. Moore !
foing to work for a doctor who lives on
lai e-j.fje: avenue.
Moore's drinking caused the trouble ln
the family. Thursday he went to Los
Angeles and came home drunk. He swote
he would "do up" somebody. He tried to
borrow a gun, and tried to hire one with
$1 he had. Palling to do so, he went to
see his wife, and, though without a
weapon, succeeded in so frightening her
that she rushed downtown with neither
hat nor shoes on and begged the Marshal
to save her. She had had to flee from her
husband. Marshal Lacey told Moore that
he could choose between going to Jail
and leaving town. A compromise was
effected, and Moore was placed on board
an electric car for Los Angeles. The next
day he came to town and made more
threats to kill. He was going to kill the
doctor kill his wife and kill the police
men. He was locked up and a charge was
filed against him. He begged not to be let
out of jail because, he said, he knew he
would kill the doctor.
George J. Moore is the son of George
>. Moore, president of the Pacific Mu
tual Life Insurance Company of this
city. Young Moore gained considerable
notoriety in August, 1894, by shooting his
brother Harry in front of the insurance
building at the corner of Montgomery
and Sacramento streets. They had a
brief altercation and Harry struck
George in the face and the latter drew a
revolver and shot him in the side just
above the hip. George coolly thrust the
pistol in his pocket and said lie had shot
his brother because the latter had threat
ened to thrash his father. George was
charged with assault to murder, but the
case never came to I rial, as his brother
recovered and refused to prosecute.
George returned to his position in his
father's oflice, and one day, in ls9T. he
went into a shooting gallery and shot
himself in the stomach. He recovered.
and his father then tried to set him up
in business in the southern part of the
State. He was made agent of the com
pany in Los Angeles and was finally
transferred to Pasadena, where the latest
trouble occurred. His friends in this city
say that he is quiet when sober, but when
in liquor he gets perfectly crazy. He is
ln tho habit of going on periodical sprees,
and when in that condition becomes vio
lent. He Is 2S years of. age. His first
wife died and he was divorced from his
second, but it is said that they had be
come reconciled and had resumed marital
relations.
TWO MEN KILLED
IN A TEXAS WRECK
Three Others Badly Injured, One of
Whom Is Not Expected to
Live.
HOUSTON, Tex., Oct. 28.— 1n a wreck.
to-day near Langtry, caused by a double
header freight train breaking in two, j
John R. Constable of Hannibal, Mo., and
Patrick Cullen of Delroe, Tex., were
killed. Trainmen B. L. Benne and Felix
Rimmett were badly hurt and A. Bessetti
may die from internal injuries. The i
Southern Pacific track is badly torn up i
and the Colifornia express is tied up. j
• *■* r
Teachers Elect Officers.
RED BLUFF, Oct. After electing
officers for the ensuing year the Teach- |
er.-' Association of Northern California,
which has been in session here for several
days, adjourned. The new officers are:
F. S. Reagcr of Orland. president; R. A.
Dunn of Oroville. first vice president; Mi "*<
Grace Henley of Heel Bluff, second vice!
president; Margaret Poor, Superintendent j
of Schools of Shasta County, secretary;
Miss Lena Nangle of Red Bluff, treasurer;
C. H. Stokes of Marysville, corresponding I
secretary. It was decided by unanimous |
vote that the next meeting should be I
held in Marysville. |
— , — o . j
Telegraphic Transfers Suspended.
LONDON. Oct. 2S.— The Exchange Tele
graph Company has a dispatch from Al- j
lahabad Baying that the famine expendi- I
ture has compelled the Indian Govern- |
ment to suspend telegraphic transfers and
restrict council bills.
The Poop Man's Friend.
It is a proud privilege to cast' my vote for Horace Davis. I have
known him for a great many years, and it was his substantial sympa-
thy for the needy that flrst won my regard for him. As the years
passed and I saw more and more of his generous deeds I came to rec-
ognize in him one "of nature's noblemen. Over thirty years ago I kept
a grocery store at the corner of Fremont and Folsom streets, where
want and sorrow abounded on every hand. Afterward I moved to the
corner of Clementina and Eckert streets, in both of which localities
the same conditions prevailed poverty and suffering. I bought my flour
of Horace Davis and in that way became acquainted with him. I knew
everybody in the neighborhood and his or her condition, and the ap-
peals to me for food were often greater than I could meet. On such
occasions I would take a list of suffering families to Horace Davis. His
first question would be, Are they really suffering? On my assuring him
they were, he would order his foreman, without waiting to investigate,
to deliver a sack of flour and a sack of oatmeal to each address I gave
him. "Let me know if you hear of any more such cases," he would say
to me; "but don't toll anybody about this." Not once but dozens of
times I have gone to Horace Davis on such a mission and he never
failed to respond. That is why I am going to vote for him. and that Is
the same reason that will win him the votes of hundreds of men and
children of men who were cared for by him when work was scarce or
sickness came and the cupboard was empty. JOSEPH SPARROWE^
811 Tork street.
THROUGH THE RIO
GRANDE CANYONS
Perilous Trip in Small
Boats.
Boats.
SURVEY PARTY'S ADVENTURES!
♦
— « — !
GOVERNMENT EXPEDITION IS
SUCCESSFUL.
*
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LANGTRY. Texas, Oct. 2S.— Professor ;
j Robert T. Hill of the United States Geo- !
j logical Survey and party pulled out of the ]
j Rio Grande here last evening after a voy- j
age of over 500 miles through the wonder- j
! ful canyons of the stream between Pre
: sidio Del Norte and this place. The trip
i was one of unusual hardship and was
made in three boats. Every few miles the
boat had to be dragged over rapids and j
falls, and at "one place portage was made
over fallen rocks ISO feet high in the i
I Grand Canyon. Almost the entire dis- I
i tanee traversed was through canyons j
; with great vertical walls, and no less |
than fifteen canyons and mountain ranges |
were crossed.
The complete survey and meandering of
the river was obtained, together with over
200 photographic views of the magnificent I
scenery, which Professor Hill pronounces
to be unsurpassed in this country. Valua
ble results were secured concerning the
geological history and physical geogra
phy. Hardly a dozen persons were seen
along the route. The survey is untravers- \
able to man or beast in ail but a few i
places. Only the most fortunate combina
tion of circumstances made the trip possi
ble, and, notwithstanding the Important
scientific results, the whole party avowed
that all the money In the United States
treasury would not make them undertake
li 'again.
Professor Hill attributes the success of
the expedition to the herculean strength i
of his chief of party, Henry Ware of Col- I
orado. and the knowledge of James Mc- j
Mahan, an old trapper, who has hunted ,
beaver for many years along its course. I
Professor Hill and party discovered a
number of rich veins of gold and silver ]
along the canyon walls, and it is prob- I
able an effort will be made to develop j
these prospects by members of the party.
Evidences of the canyon formerly having .
been inhabited by cliff dwellers were dis-
covered. i
DEWEY A VERY STRONG
PRESIDENTIAL CHANCE
THE ADMIRAL WOULD BE THE
FIRST TO REFUSE OFFICE.
W. J. Arkell, Editor and Owner of
Judge, Speaks of the Possi
bilities of the Next Na
tional Election.
W. J. Arkell, owner and publisher of
Judge, arrived from New York and is now
at the Palace, accompanied by his
brother, Bartlett Arkell, formerly man
aging editor of Leslie's Weekly, and P.
W. Herbach, a millionaire business man
of Omaha.
Mr. Arkell's trip to the coast is taken
with the dual object of recreation and
to inspect some valuable mining property
in which he is heavily interested. The
property lies Just outside of Nevada City, I
and Mr. Arkell is now awaiting
the arrival of J. B. Wheeler, another
stockholder, in whose company he will
visit the mineral storehouse.
"What am I to talk about?" said he.
when seen in the rotunda of the Palace.
"At Denver a man met me and asked me
to give him an interview, telling how it
felt to be a funny man. Now, wouldn't
that Jar you? I toid him that being funny j
was a mighty serious business, but he
wouldn't have it "that way. Well, then !
I thought I would try to oblige him. I
told him one of my best stories. .He lis
tened politely until I had tinished and ,
then said he had to hurry away as he ■
had another engagement. He never came ,
back. I looked for the interview the next
day, but lt wasn't there. Then I inquired I
of another reporter, who did not know
who I was, about the one who had first!
seen me. The second fellow replied that j
the first one had tried to run a joke on !
his editor and the boss fired him. Rather
tough on one of us, don't you think?
"My brother has a plant for exhausting
the Air from glass jars and then filling i
the vacuum with meat. It's a great in- I
vention. The meat keeps forever, and you i
don't have to eat it if you don't want to. j
My brother has come out here to see a
gentleman in San Jose who is interested j
Fn the same business, and I thought I
would accompany him for a little rest and
Incidentally look into some Nevada City
mining property in which I am interested.
I expected to return on Monday next, but
will, I think, be kept here several days
over that time.
"As to the next President, I don't know
what to think. Bryan is stronger than
he ever was, but not strong enough to I
land the prize. Dewey, it is said, is not
out for trie office. But wait until he is
offered it. If he refuses he will be the
first man in history who ever did. He
would certainly win if he accepted. Roose
velt is a mighty strong man and a very
able and honest one as well. The time for
him has, however, not arrived yet Elec
tion after next will be when he will come
strongly to the front."
Killed by a Fall.
COLTON, Oct. 28.— A. N. Goudy arrived
here this afternoon with three carloads of
cattle from "Wilcox. Ariz., and was riding
on top of the car when a sudden jerk
threw him off. ' His head struck the rail.
causing a fracture of the skull. He died
shortly afterward. _
Bielas Comet Seen.
SANTIAGO DE CHILE, Oct. 28.— The
Pielas comet has been seen here with tho
naked eye. . ' •
POLITICAL.
lew Fur Capes. New Fur Jackets.
Tailor-Made Dresses, Sew Cloth Jackets,
Every garment that the' heart, can wish for
Every garment that the hear' can wish for
is here and at a big price-saving for you.
We guarantee every garment in our house.
CHINA SEAL FUR CAPES, satin lined, 16 Inches deep, (MO
10-inch sweep, worth $17.50. Special for. . tjHdit/U
CHINA SEAL FUR
45^?."'Q) CAPE, with Astra- dSfck
JpWJSr khan fur yoke and -WF '
U^VU_vL_ tails, 16 inches deep. a Jg|g
&!« worth $20- Speci?l film
FINE ELECTRIC FUR ft '1
M^W^j^^. FINE ELECTRIC FUR ji \
CAPE, with Persian /A lh
y°ke and tails, M\i A
jSCSKfiSW//. 16ir,chesdeep,worth #77 *|X
Ifflll $32.50, an elegant #Z/| |^
% $32 50, an elegant mlJ M |\\
7/n..,.WV / cape. Spe- (JJOC.OO (?/^^i^
• cial for. <j)6t/--
NEW CLOTH JACKETS.
ALL-WOOL KERSEY CLOTH JACKETS, blacks and blues, all satin lined, worth
$!Oeach. Special for $7.50
TAN COVERT CLOTH JACKETS silk line Special for $8. 50
TANS. BLUE and BLACK KERSEY JACKETS, silk lined. Special for. $10.00
ELEGANT TAN KERSEY JACKETS, lined, worth $20. Special for. .$16.50
TAILOR-MADE DRESS SPECIAL.
GRAY HOMESPUN DRESSES, pointed jacket, silk lined, new habit back skirt
percaline lined, dress nicely trimmed with taffeta ribbon trim- dM-G CA
ming. a $20 dress. Special for $10.
*
KELLY SliEK^ fi»
MLLI & LIEDEa SUIT BOUSE,
120 KEARNY STREET.
120 KEARNY STREET.
NEW JINKS ROOM
DEDICATED WITH
GREAT CEREMONY
Bohemians Do Honor
to Their Owl.
—
Even the owl of Bohemia blinked its
: eves at the magnificent pageant which
pans-ed before its orbs last night within
I the walls of the famous club which takes j
! its name from the hooting bird. The new
| jinks room, which is located in the new
j building adjoining the club, was dedicated
i last night with all the pomp and cere-
I mony so dear to the hearts of true Bohe
j mians. In attendance at the ceremonies -
j were the members of the exclusive club
j and a score of honored guests. The order
• of services was carried out to the letter j
j and proved highly interesting to those
fortunate enough to be present.
I The services were opened with a pro- i
i cession of "St. John of Nepomuc" and his
i retinue. All were in costume and pre-
I sented a brilliant spectacle. Vanderlynn ,
| Stow, president of the club, read a pre
l amble and then followed the "Tableau of
j the Owl." The bird of silence and of
! night was seen in all its majesty sur
| rounded by appropriate settings. The Bo
! bemian choir, composed of sweet male j
voices, sang an ode to the owl, and at its
I conclusion "Uncle" George T. Bromley,
high priest of Bohemia, delivered an in- |
vocation. The remarks of the venerable
! gentleman were enthusiastically received
! By the audience.
"W. H. 1.. Barnes followed with an inter
! esting paper on "Bohemia of the Past."
j An appropriate tableau was shown, and
then James D. Phelan read a paper on
"Bohemia of the Present." Another j
1 tableau was shown, and Donald de V. !
Graham's sweet voice was heard in the {
I following effusion:
Behold, they builded better than they knew,
The genial souls who raised Bohemia's shrine ■
! In olden days.
! Feace rest on us for aye within these walls;
i Within this little world of joy serene:
I This gentle land wherein no shadow falls!
1 Bohemia be as 'tis, as it has been!
' "Bohemia of the Future" was the title
; of a brilliant paper read by ex-President
'■. Horace Piatt. A tableau, showing what
was in store for Bohemia, was then pre-
sented and the choir rendered a triumphal
ode.
The curtain which was dropped on the
beautiful tableau was painted by John A.
Stanton, the famous artist, and presented
to the jinks room by President Stow. A
! picture called "The Spirit of Bohemia"
| was presented by Theodore Wores, who
j also arranged the tableaux of the cere
j monies. The music was specially com
] posed for the occasion by H. J. Stewart
to words written by Peter Robertson.
Brief addresses were delivered by Al
! exander H. Hawes, Dr. George Chlsmore,
; Benjamin R. Swan, James M. McDonald,
Albert Oerberding, William Sproule and
Joseph D. Redding. The latter is in New
York, but this did not prevent him from
' appearing before his clubmates in voice
and spirit as he sent a handsome phono-
graph with a record of a clever speech.
i the concluding words of which touched
its listeners. They were: "Here's to you
. —and each of you, good friends— all
: friends. From across 3000 miles of spac*
, the wireless telegraphy of my heart re
; sponds to every throb of yours."
Lantern slides of the following absent
presidents were shown and were warmly
received: Thomas Newcdmb. Harry Ed-
wards. Virgil Williams, Robert C. Rogers.
John H. Boalt, Alexander G. ■Hawes, Paul
Neumann and Stuart Taylor. Concluding
remarks were mail" by James A. Thomp
! son, and then the members and their
; guests adjourned to the green room for
i supper.
BRYAN STARTS ON HIS
TOUR OF NEBRASKA
Made Seventeen Speeches, Chiefly on
Imperialism and the Money
Issue.
Issue.
OMAHA. Oct. 28.— W. J. Bryan started
on his flying trip through the State to-
I day from Wymore, making seventeen
i speeches during the day, beginning with
Superior at 8:30 a. m. and closing at
i 6:45 this evening at Benkalman, within
1 twenty miles of the Colorado line. He
, plainly shows the effect of the hard cam
paigning, and others have been added to
the party to do some of the talking.
General Superintendent Calvert of the
Burlington Road placed his special car at
the disposal of the party, which comprised
Passenger Agent Smith of the Burling
ton, Governor Poynter, State Treasurer
Meserve, Colonel Vifqualn, Frank P.
Morgan and representatives of the press.
The party was joined by Judge Holcombe
and Congressman Sutherland.
The speeches were largely confined to
national Issues, imperialism and money
being the principal topics.
Mr. Bryan was pretty well tired out by
the labors of the day. but expressed con
fidence in his ability to finish the cam
ADVERTISEMENTS.
palgn. though it Is evident that the exer
tion on top of his recent Illness is a severe
strain upon him.
STARR AGAIN HEARD FROM.
Still in Manila and Anxious to Get
Home.
PASADENA, Oct. 28.— Friends and rela
tives of Hilary Starr have again heard
from him. Starr is the man who myste
riously disappeared from Oak Knoll ranch
last spring, leaving every sign that he
had been killed and the body dragged
away. Later he wrote from Manila that
he was alive, had enlisted under some
other name while unbalanced in his mind
and wanted to get home.
His later letters maintain this story. He
asks if the men under his employ were all
paid off when he went. If so he lost only
$30 and a watch. He says letters have
been written to the War Department and
commanders at Manila, but nothing has
been heard from them yet.
Proof of Germany's Friendship.
BERLIN, Oct. 28.— Cabinet at a
meeting to-day decided to readmit th*
New York Life Insurance Company to
business in Pussia, the company having
agreed to work under the same conditions
as the German companies, dropping its
tontine features in Germany. This con
cession is regarded here as great proof of
the German Government's friendship for
the United States. The cases of the other
American companies are still pending.
Result of the Rain.
MONTEREY, Oct. 28.— The heavy rains
during the past month have brought mit
a phenomenal growth of new grass on the
stock ranges -In Monterey County, and
have thus assured an abundance of winter
feed for stock. Vegetables have also been
greatly benefited by the early rains, and
ranchers and stockmen hereabouts are an
, ticipating a very prosperous year for the
j county.
Death of James H. Fisher.
GILROY, Oct. 28.— James H. Fisher, for
many years night watchman of the city
of Gilroy. died at hiß home here this
morning of cancer. He was 51 years of
age and leaves a widow and seven chil
dren. He was an Exempt Fireman.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BUT FIRST
INVESTIGATE!
Then, if satisfied, put your
money in the
TAB CANYON Oil
COMPANY.
Its lands are located in the
celebrated Kreynha*?en District,
surrounded by flowing wells.
This company is a legitimate
corporation, founded for the
purpose of producing and plac-
ing upon the market the oil that
undoubtedly exists on its lands.
A limited number of sharea
are for sale at 50 cents, after
which prices will be governed
by the condition of develop-
ment.
PROSPECXTCS FRER
852 MISSION STREET,
haw maw-Cisco.
A GRAND COLLECTION
OF RARE. BEAUTIFUL. .VALUABLE AND
SCIENTIFIC MINERALS (at a sacrifice).
Parties desirous ot examining same adeJresa
Mineralogist, box 2885, Call office.
niiivri nr f»e»-«>« *« R«=tai
llillll 111 diseases cured or no
II !1 1 II! II 1 -**™"1 tNo detention
Mill II 111 from husiness. DRS.
I lUI ILUL MANSFIELD & POR-
■ *Wi I IS lIL. TERFIEI.D, 838 Mar-
, ket st., San Francisco.
78
(&est
SOCIETY OUT
IN NUMBERS AT
THE RACES
Gentlemen Riders Contest for
Burlingame Cup at Oakland.
Burlingame Cup at Oakland
Monrovia a Surprise.
Monrovia a Surprise.
The Burlingame Club Cup, now a reg
ular fixture on the annual programme of I
the California Jockey Club, had its first
decision. at Oakland yesterday and was
captured by Monrovia, ridden ln faultless
fashion by Charley Dunphy of the broad
and expansive grin. The other entries
were: O'Connor, with Lieutenant Haines ]
up; Una Colorado, handled by Mr. Tobin;
Billy McCloskey, having Mr. Page ln the
saddle, and Rosalbra, steered by Peter
Martin. All of the gentlemen named are
members of the Burlingame Club, in ac
cordance with the -conditions of the race.
Great preparations were made for the af
fair, everywhere the colors of the swell
San Mateo organization being conspic
uous. The clubhouse was tastefully
draped with blue and red bunting and a
flag of the same combination was swung
to the breeze over the entrance. The
ultrafashionables of San Mateo, San
Francisco and Oakland society occupied
peats on the verandas and lawn and
cheered the riders as they issued from the
paddock. A handicap, Rosalbra, the
mount of Peter Martin, carried top
weight. O'Connor looked to "be in"
nicely, and, with Lieutenant Haines up,
ruled a hot favorite. Monrovia, carrying
152 pounds, was second choice, her odds
falling from threes to 13 to 5. After each
rider had finished his toilet the paddock
gong sounded them to the post. For this
one time Mr. Ferguson gave up the start
er's box to President Williams. In a false
breakaway Rosalbra carried Peter Martin
past the clubhouse before he was pulled
up, and Peter jogged his moun^ back.
looking tired but game. Lieutenant
Haines wore the same resdlute look he
carried with him through the Porto Rico
campaign and never flinched when O'Con
nor fretted and pawed the ground. Dick
Tobin appeared calm and serene, and
Charley Dunphy got in a final grin as the
flag fell to a pretty start, with Monrovia
first away. Even with his weird effect in
balloon trousering, Mr. Page lost the wind
at the turn, thereafter being compelled
to take the "wash" from the others, with
Billy McCloskey. Before half the mile
had been covered the lieutenant was in
danger. One of his patent safety stirrups
fell off. leaving him like a one-legged man
on the gridiron trying to kick a goal. It
was easy for Monrovia, which mare and
Mr. Dunphy won at leisure. O'Connor so
outclassed the others that he ran second.
two lengths in advance of Una Colorado,
with his rider holding the saddle with one
hand and endeavoring to urge his steed
With the other.
The victory was a very popular one and
as Mr. Dunphy, wearing the red, white
and blue colors of the winner's owner, A.
B. Spreckels. came back to the stand, he
received an ovation. After the rider had
dismounted and the saddle was removed
a handsome flora] horseshoe was placed
over the mare's neck by Mr. Williams.
Th« balance of the sport was quite as
Interesting as the stellar attraction. The
favorites though all behaved somewhat
badly, Guilder, Faversham and Forte
meeting with defeat.
The first winner turned up in Merry
Boy, a 15 to 1 shot, with Henry in the sad
dle. The distance Was seven furlongs and
Guilder closed a sturdy 9 to 5 favorite.
He showed no speed, running unplaced.
Merry Boy came from fourth place In the
stretch, beating Jennie Reid out a couple
of lengths. Libertine, the second choice,
finished in the show.
Lavator was a good horse and no mis
take yesterday, placing the mile run to
his credit without any great effort. Four
to 1 was laid about him, 'and never
headed he downed Faversham, the favor
it-, five lengths in 1:41%.
Speedy May W fell in with easy game ln
the sprint over the Futurity course, third
to be decided, and at prohibitive odds
won as she liked. Skirmish, a War Dance
mar- from Idaho, made a creditable show
ing, leading out Zoroaster for the place.
Johnny Woods drew a very line finish
with Morlnel in the mile and a sixteenth
selling affair. Dozing away in fourth po.
Fition until a furlong from home he there
shook his mount up, winning by a nose
from Festoso. Forte, the even-money
favorite, displayed not an Inkling of speed,
landing at the wire absolutely last.
Dr. Rowell's Satsuma was ready-money
in the mile handicap. Closing favorite ln
the ring Jones on the bald-faced horse
hooked up with Morgan astride Rosor
monde in the stretch, and in a desperate
drive downed the mare a neck. To the
latter belonged the laurels, for she was
giving away too much weight and ran a
•superb race. Hohenzollern was a close
third.
Burglary at Tomales
TOMALES, Oct. 2S.— Dickinson's general
merchandise store was entered by burg.
lars last evening and many articles of
value taken away. The cash till was
robbed of a few dollars and the cash reg
ister broken open. There was about $20
in the register drawer. The authorities
are so far without a clew to the identity
of the thieves; though it is believed that
they were two in number.
His Assets Are Nil
_TRENTON, N. J., Oct. 25.-Ex-CongregH
man Pidcock of Whltehouse, N. J., win
failed a few years ago, filed a petition in
bankruptcy in the United States District
Court to-day. Mr. "acock gave a sched
ule of his liabilities, aggregating $353,000
and says he has no assets.
THE
Sparks Automobile
COMPANY
COMPANY
Manufacture the Strongest, the Lightest and tha Cheapest
Manufacture the Strongest, the Lightest and the Cheapest
machine on the market.
r ihn & u-i
This machine is being manufactured in San Francisco— a home product
for home use. The stock in this company is sure to advance in price in the
near future. Buy before this block is all disposed of.
Address S. GOODENOUGH, Secretary.
Room 225, PARROTT BUILDING, San Francisco, Cal.
oCateat ffiecorda TJfacte in the 3*ield of Sport
SPORTS FAIL
TO PICK THE
WINNERS
Many Upsets for the Talent
at Union Coursing Park
at Union Coursing Park
Yesterday.
Yesterday.
The bettors who cast their fortunes in
with the favorites at Union Coursing
Park yesterday had plenty of excitement
and but small returns for their money.
It was a field day .for the short-enders,
the majority of the heavily bae.-ued dogs
falling to raise a flag. In one string of
ten courses nine favorites lost. Bald
Eagle beat Lady Davenport at 3 to 5; St.
Michael beat Warship, 1 to 6; Commo
dore beat Hurricane, 1 to 3; Terronette
beat Liberty Bell, 1 to 2; Pastime beat
Athenla, 1 to 3; Red Hind beat Statesman,
1 to 6; Martha Washington beat Con-
THE TWO PRINCIPALS IN THE RACE FOR THE CUP.
queror, 1 to 6, and Maggie N beat Wild
Monarch, 1 to 10. This latter was a bye
course, Maggie N being substituted for
Irma, which was drawn.
The coursing throughout the day was
of an even character. The hares were not
so fleet of foot as they have been for
some weeks past, but were sufficiently
fast to test the speed and staying quali
ties of the dogs. A high-class lot of
youngsters went to the slips in the sap
ling stake. Four still remain and all are
the progeny of Emm Pasha. Three are
out of Wave and the other out of Bona.
The results of the running yesterday, with
the official score of each course, follow:
Sapling Stake— Pasha Kennels' Reckless
Archer beat J. P. -thrift's Tar o" Hill, 16—0;
J. Flower's Keystone beat Curtis & Son's Sun
shine, 10 — 5; a. J. Kemp's Remember tie beat
J. Mazzini's Meadow Maid. 22 — 4; D. J. Hea
ley's SiaqUOC beat A. J. Kemp's Move Out,
20—1; J. -Horn's Bona Fide beat James Car
roll's Columbia. 30—4: Sterl & Knowles' Olita
beat J. P. Thrift's Tired Out, 14—4; Sterl &
Knowles' Ripple beat Pasha Kennels' Roguish
Antics, 7—o; J. P. Thrift's Thoughtless Beauty
beat D. Morgan's Americus, 3—o.
Second round — Reckless Archer beat Key
stone, 7 — o; Sisquoc beat Remember Me, 7—o;
< ilit.i beat Bona Fide, c— Ripple beat
Thoughtlers Beauty, B—o.
Open Stake— H. H. Gray's Rona beat P. Her
an's Lafayette, 5—2; T. J. Cronin's Thornhill
beat Aeneld Kennels' Aeneas. 9 — 2: Qua Aber
cr emble's Victor King beat P. J. Nolte' a Rich
and Artless. C— o; J. I*. Thrift's Brutus beat
Maher A- R*eid'« Uncle Fuller. 7—o; Sterl &
Knowles' For Glory beat George Lahusen's
Fireball. 8-5; K. M. Keiiogg's Kid McCoy (a
bye); Aeneld Kennels' Pretender (a bye); E.
M. Kellogg's lowa Boy beat T. A. Gaffney's
Sir John Arnott, 3—2: J. Sheridan's Forest
King beat Handy &■ Smith's Ida, C— o; Handy
& Smith's Victor beat Pasha Kennels' Re-
Annex, 20— Handy & Smith's Jennie Wilson
beat 1". Heran's Fair Play, 12—4; A. Johnson's
Bald Eagle beat J. H. Perlgo'B Lady Daven
port, 20—0; J. P. Thrift's St. Michael beat P.
J. Rellly's Warship, B—s: F. A. McComb'B
Motto beat Curtis & Son's McKinley. 4—o;
Curtis & Son's Commodore beat Ed. Evatt's
Hurricane, 5 0; H. H. Gray's Terronette beat
Lark'"* & Rock's Liberty Bell. 30 — 4; Curtis &
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 29, 1899.
Son's Cavalier beat J. H. Perlgo's Bohe. 4—2;
R. E. de B. Lopez's Sara beat Al Austin s
Firm Foe. 3—2; H. E. de B. Lopez's St. An
thony beat Pasha Kennels' May Hempstead,
7—2; Handy & Smitht's Magic (a bye);
George Burfelnd's Pastime beat Aeneld Ken
nels' Athena, 5—3; Russell, Allen & Wilsons
Lady Emma beat W. H. Lord's Revolver, S-0;
P. Doyle's Wild Monarch (a bye); J. Carroll s
Red Hind beat J. I. O'Brien's Statesman. 3—2;
Gus Abercrombie's Rock Island Boy beat A.
Johnson's Mountain Beauty, 4—2%; Curtis &
Son's Vanity Fair beat P. J. Healey s Lady
Clare. 6—4; D. J. Healey'a Maori Land beat
W. M. Healey's Skylight, 6—o; J. M. Halton
(names) lavender beat Sterl & Knowles' Sleety
Mist, 3—2; P. Heran's Martha Washington beat
J. Kerrigan's Conqueror, 11—7; J. H. Harrison
Hot Haste beat George Owens' Victory, s—o;
E. & R. Scotf" Lord Byron beat J. H. Perigo's
Pretty Girl. 6—l; T. J, Cronin's Depend on Me
beat Pasha Kennels' Heady Answer, 3—l; J.
Carroll's Auckland beat F. C. Mack's Bella M.
3—2: Maher & Reid's Pat Reilly beat E. Cof
fin's Mountain Boy. 6—4; George Whitney's
Th. Teen beat E. M. Kellogg's lowa Maid. 4—o;
Russell. Allen & Wilson's Master Clair beat I.
F. Halton's Tic Tar. 14-2; J. Dean's Gladiator
beat J H. Perigo's Controller, 4—o; .T. Sheri
dan's Forest Queen beat J. J. Edmonds' Morn
ing Glory 3—2; J. Coleman's Norman beat R.
E. de B. Lopez' Arrow, 5—4; J. Dean's Belle of
Anderson beat J. H. Smith's Merced. 3—o.
SAN MATEO PARK.
The hares at San Mateo Coursing Park
showed greater familiarity with the es-
capes than on the opening day. Many of
them placed the stout board fence be
tween themselves and the dogs and live to
be coursed another day. The run down of
the open stake was disposed of. together
with two rounds of the puppy stake. One
of the surprises of the day was the defeat
of Crawford Lad by Black Bess. The
stake seems to lie between Whitehead and
Young America. They will meet in the
second round of the stake this afternoon.
Both ran well yesterday, and the ultimate
winner will be hard to pick until the flag
goes up.
The star feature of the card this after
noon will be the meeting of Curtis & Son's
Cash and X. P. Whiting's Mlneola. It will
be practically a match race and will de
cide first and second places in the Inaug
ural Stake, which was unfinished last Sun
day. The detailed results of yesterday's
running follow:
Puppy stake — George Watson's Moonstone
beat George Ehmann' a Target; Jeff Marte
nett's Buxton beat George Plnta's Mischief;
Jeff Martenett's Bernal Chief beat W. Cairn's
Gladys Weller; R. E. <I#-B. Lopez's Peplta
beat J. Linehan's Racine; Jeff Martenett's
Sally Brass beat J. Ferris' Leah; Curtis &
Bon's Flying Fox beat Daly & Siebeln's Lady
A wold; W. Cairn's Imperial beat George
Buehn's Monogram; Bart-Is Bros.' Ben's Babe
beat E. Vandenbergh's Kitty V; Bartels Bros.'
Borders' Best beat V. Rothman's Justice; C.
Strehl' a Three Cheers beat -George Pinto's
Glad Hand; J. O'Shea's Golden Rule beat
Bartels Bros.' Ballroom Belle; Jeff Martenett's
Bernal Boy beat E. Vandenbergh'B Naughty
Girl: Bet McCabe's Sky Blue beat F. A. Mc-
Comb's Judge Wallace; R. E. de B. Lopez's
Carmeneita beat J. Fitzgerald's Fair Lillie; F.
Chambill's Princess Royal beat F. A. M-
Comb's Storm King; Pasha Kennels' Royal
Anne beat F. Prlng"s Thunderbolt.
Second round— Moonstone beat Buxton; Peplta
beat Bernal Chief; Flying Fox beat Sally
Brass; Ben's Babe beat Imperial; Borders'
Best beat Three Cheers; Golden Rule beat
Bernal Boy; Sky Blue beat Carmeneita; Royal
Anne beat Princess Royal.
Open stake— J. Dickson's Black Bess beat H.
F. Anderson's Crawford Lad; D. Sheehan's
Forgive beat S. McCullough's Rowena; W. J.
Jones' Rustan beat Lynch & Flee's Scarf pin;
Groman & Betencourt's Forget Me Not beat J.
Jones' Gallvant; W. J. Jones' Lady Marian
beat E. Mccormick's Valley Forge; T. Sulli
van's Maid of the Hill beat W. J. Jones' Prince
Jerome; Ed Wilson's Magnet beat J. Keenan's
Royal Oak; D. Chella's Golden Russet beat A.
C. Bradbury's Sardonic; H. Allen's Miss Lois
beat E. Kipp's Newsboy; Daly & Siebeln's
Shylock Boy beat Ed Wilson's Magnesia; W.
Creamer's Report beat M. London's Sharkey;
J. Keenan's Royal Buck beat .T. Aitken's
Merry Monarch; H. Allen's Alberta beat J.
Farley's Cash Day; .T. F. Logan's Gladys
Pasha beat J. J. Edmonds' Go On; T. F. Lo
gan's Miss Grizzle beat C. L. Appleby's Little
Sister; M. London's Magneto beat Campbell &
Morgan's Any Shore; R. E. de B. Lopez a Min
nie Wawa beat A. Haggerman's Lillie H; P.
McCabe's Boney Boy beat J. L. Ross' Just
Tip; R. E. de B. Lopez's Whitehead beat W.
P. Conlln's Peaceful Glen; W. Creamer's Jesse
Moore beat F. Murphy's Gilt Edge; J. O'Shea's
Young America beat J. Seggerson's White
Chief; A. C. Bradbury's Bum ran a bye; J. L.
Ross' Jessica beat Daly & Siebeln's Gypsy; J.
Keenan's Blacklock beat J. O'Shea's Golden
Gate; J. Seggerson's Gold Hill beat J. Jones'
Moonlight; Pasha Kennels' Rest Assured beat
P. McKane'g Rigby.
. —
AT INGLESIDE.
Strong hares gave the hounds some long
runs In the open stake at Ingleside Cours
ing Park yesterday. Gaslight surprised
the talent again, beating Connemara at as
good as 11 to 1.
Following are the day's results:
K. M. Kellogg's Lady Gllmore beat J. Mc-
Enroe's Magic Circle; E. M. Kellogg's Sweet
Emma beat D. Dillon's Castle Island Boy; E.
Baumelster's Warrior beat W. C. Glasson's
Joy Bells; W. C. Classen's Happy Thought
beat C. Hunter's Menlo; P. Rellly's Expense
beat E. Casserly's Lady Blanche; Lowe &
Thompson's Flora McDonald beat J. Mooney' b
Silent Treasure; F. F. Chambell's Rocklin
Belle beat P. M. Clarkson's Black Hawk; H.
L. D-H-kelman's Glen Chios beat James Mc-
Cormack's Primrose; Joe Watkins' Still True
beat Lowe & Thompson's Patria; Russell,
Allen & Wilson's Daisy Claire beat D. Shan
non's Soubrette; Murphy & Toland'a Tea Rose'
beat C. Leavy's Babe Sheridan; H. A. Deck
elman's Flyaway beat D. Shannon's Suisun;
J. Rounlng'a Dempsey Lass beat H. A. Deck
elman's Mira Monte; J. McEnroe's Northwest
beat W. C. Glesson's Terronite; H. A. Deck
elman's Rocker- beat B. Wood's Black Night-
R. Tiernftn's Had! wist beat T. J. McHugh's
Moss Rose; Lowe & Thompson's St. Oran beat
J. Dean's Baldy; R. P. Julian's Sweet Music
beat M. Dulgnan's Dewey: Connell Bros.'
Mamies Pleasant beat T. Rogers' Olga;. D.
Shannon's Safeguard beat J. O. Dowd's Shoot
over; Kay & Trant's Hawker beat Joe Norton's
Cadenza; J. Collins' Matchless beat T. J.
Cronin's Arab; James Byrne's Nellie B beat
Kay & Trant's Sir Rothwell: D. Ford's Anita
beat J. C. Glasson's Miss Manila: R. E. de B.
Lopez's Green Valley Maid beat Samuel
Moore's Rox; Connell Bros.' St. Helen beat
Continued on Page Nine.
FITZPATRICK
PITCHED IN
FINE STYLE
The "Fireman" Held the
'Crabs" Down to Two
Hits.
Hits.
Inability on the part of Santa Cruz to
connect with Fltzpatrick's shoots lost that
team the game played yesterday In i Rec
reation Park. The Beachcombers were
only able to hit safely on two occasions
and seven of their number fanned. The
visitors from the seashore deserve credit
for putting up an errorless game, but
without stick work games are net won.
The game was replete with double plays,
but nothing of a sensational nature hap
pened. Only one hour and thirty minutes
were consumed in playing the game, as
the men went out in quick order. "Jacl:"
Sheridan, the old-time umpire, officiated
with credit to himself and pleasure to
those who watched the exhibition. He
had but one close play to judge, but his
decision, to the surprise of the "fans,"
was not questioned. He will umpire again
to-day and it is hoped the California
League management will secure him for
all time. He has a loud voice, a dignified
presence and what he says goes.
.As usual Mr. Whaien, Santa Cruz's
pitcher, made himself unpopular -vith the
spectators. In the middle of the contest
he bunted the ball to short, but made no
effort to reach first, as he felt sure he
was out. This style of ball playing did
not meet with the approval of the crowd
and when he did the same trick in the
eighth inning he was roundly hissed. He
partially retrieved himself in the follow
ing inning, when a ball rolled close by
him, by making a dash for it and throw
ing it to first in time to head the runner
off. Following is the score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
BrockhofT, 3b 3 1 0 0 1 3 0
Hlldebrand, rf 3 0)0000
Krng, s. s 4 12 10 3 2
Sullivan, c 4 12 0 7 10
Courtney, lb 4 0 2 0 13 2 0
Reilly. 2b 4 0 l 0 3 8 1
Pyne. cf 3 0 0 0 10 0
Muller. If 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
Fitzpatrick, p 3 0 0 0 2 3 0
Totals 31 3 8 1 27 15 3
SANTA CRUZ.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McCarthy, 2b .3 0 0 0 3 3 0
Babbitt, 8. s 4 0 12 0 2 0
Devereaux, 3b 4 10 1 1 ] o
Drennan. cf 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
nark. 11 4 0 0 1 11 2 0
Dalrymple, lf 2 0 0 0 3 2 0
Morrow, c 3 0 0 0 8 1 0
Andrews, rf 2 0 0 0 0 0 0
Whaien. p 3 0 10 13 0
Totals 28 1 2 4 27 14 ~0
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
San Francisco 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 1 o—3
Base hits 12101102 O— S
Santa Cruz 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 o—l
Base hits 00100000 I—2
SUMMARY.
Run? responsible for— Whelan 3. Two-base
bits— King, Reilly. Sacrifice hits— McCarthy,
Drennan, Hlldebrand, First base on errors-
San Cruz 8. First base on called balls— San
Francis. 3. Santa Cruz 1. Left on bases-
Ran Francisco 5. Santa Cruz 4. Struck out—
By Fitzpatrick 7. by Whelan *?. Hit by pitcher
—Dalrymple, .Muller. Double plays— McCarthy
to Clark to Morrow. McCarthy to Clark, Dal
rymple to Clark to McCarthy. Relllv to Court
ney. Wild pitch— Fitzpatrick Time of game—
One hour and thirty minutes. Umpire— Jack
Sheridan. Official scorer— Stapleton.
Oakland Shut Out.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 28.— The Oaklands
were easy for Harvey to-day. He mowed
/^^^^^^^\ \ HrV Ll Kr /^^^^^^^s
If a man is strong physically he is usuall? in good but they are better equipped than other doctors. They
If a man is strong physically he ls usuall? ln good but they are better equipped than other doctors. They
trim mentally. As long as a man Is as he should be have the largest medical Institution in America.
mentally he has little to fear in the struggle for com- They cure Nervous Debility, Rupture, Strictures,
petency or a social standing among his fellows. But Varicocele, Private Diseases, Kidney Diseases, Bladder
when the body falls the nerves begin to give out and the Diseases, Spine Diseases, Liver Diseases, Heart Diseases,
brain weakens. Blood Diseases, Skin Diseases, Stomach Diseases, Eye
Such men make a serious mistake In wasting valu- Diseases, Ear Diseases. Lung Diseases, Rectal Diseases,
able time and sums of money in experimenting with Sleeplessness, Rheumatism, Neuralgia.
untried doctors, electric belts, patent remedies or DR. MEYERS & CO. will let the patient deposit
worthless prescriptions, formulas, etc. Men who are the price of a cure ln any bank in San Francisco, to
PAT WHEN YOU ARE WELL
suffering with any form of nervous debility or a con- be paid after he ls well. If it is not convenient to do
suffering with any form of nervous debility or a con- be paid after he is well. If it Is not convenient to do
tracted ailment, need a thorough constitutional treat- this, payments may be made monthly.
ment. Such ls administered only by Dr. Meyers & Co., DR.. MEYERS can cure you at home. Although
the able physicians. It Is preferable to see thi patient In many instances,
Every member of the staff is a specialist of long it is not always necessary. If you cannot call write
experience ln curing MEN. Their original method of for private book, diagnosis sheets, free advice, prices
treatment checks all wasting of the flesh, builds up the " and other particulars. Correspondence solicited. All
nerve tissues, creates sound and refreshing sleep, re- letters confidential. No printing on envelopes or pack-
moves pains, makes the weak strong, and banishes ages to indicate name of sender. Cures sent by mail
symptoms arising from violations of the laws of nature. or express free from observation.
DR. MEYERS & CO. are not only more experienced,
— — — — — _____ _ i
Il» I W^^M-l I Y^f^U 1 Tako Elevator to Third Floor. / Av^W / M-CSUff | tft&M \
I ffl'-Z'fe INI <®W } pffsnß V T»ke Elevator to Third Floor. / 1 E3I C©W I fftfsM \
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACETRACK, Saturday, October 28, 1899.—Thirty
first day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather
fine. Track fast. S"X
JOS. A. MURPHY— Judge. J. B. FERGUSON—
22fi FIRST RACE— furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $300.
I I Betting.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. 4m. 4m. Km. Str. Fin. Jockeys. [Op. CI.
197 Merry Roy, 5 103 1 2 3 4 4h 3h 4 4 12 Henry 8 15
99 Jennie Reid. 3 100 4 6 M 5 h 5 1 6 1 2 1 J. Woods 3 4
219 Libertine, a 106; 5 4 4 14 14 lh 3 2 Mounce 3 11-5
144 Melkarth, 4 103 \ 8 72 24 21 21 44 Ranch 15 20
210 Coda. 6 10313 lh . 3 2 4h 34 63 J. Ward 3 5
218 Twinkle Twink, 5. .103 1 24 74 78 73 62 Songer 6 20
... Guilder, 4 109 1 6 Dh 62 64 64 7 15 Thorpe 2 9-5
137 Fred Gardner, a....lll[ 7 8 8 8 8 8 W. Narvaez. . 100 300
Time— 4, -.134; 4. :3S; %, 1:034; 4. 1:284. Good start. Won handily. Second and third
driving. Winner, C. G. White's oh. g.. by imp. Merrlwa-Lizzie Hooker.
Merry Boy in great luck. Jennie Reld should have won without trouble. Libertine is a
rogue and must be Jollied. Coda will improve. Guilder no speed.
227 SECOND RACE— One mile; free handicap; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St/ Km. 4m. %m Str. Fin. | Jockeys. lop"'"*."
1 ■ 1 I'
199 Levator. 3... 103 4 2 lh 13 14 15 Henry ' 4 4
(199) Faversham. 3 108 2 31 8 1 32 81 22 Ruiz 7-5 6-5
2 3 Dare II. 5... 107 1 11 2 2 2 2 2 2 3 6 E.Jones 2 16-5
218 Ringmaster 5 107 5 6 6 44 44 45 Thorpe 3 18-5
225 New Moon, « ,104 3 2n 48 6 5 6 Ranch 4 10
206 Anchored. 3 100 » ... fpostel "..W." 10 15
•Left. ~ ~~
... Tlme-4. :2SJti: '*• MMi; %- 1:154; mile, 1:414. Good start. Won easily. Second and
third driving. Inner. G. Summers' eh. g.. by Palvator-Hot Springs.
Lavator a good horse on this occasion. Dare is a quitter. Ringmaster Is in "need of a
rest.
Scratched— Reolla 96.
22& THIRD Futurity course; all ages; purse, $3C0'. " '
Index. Horse. Are. Weight.' St. Mm. 4m. 4m Str. Fin. | Jockeys. lop.^CL
(200) May W. 6 114 4, ... 3 3 12 _] 12 ; 'l Ponder '.:.;.::.' 1-6 1-6
... Skirmish. 4 109 1 ... 4 3 2 4 2 2. 2 2 Thorpe """. 10 2*
;•; Zoroaster.^ 3 106 6 ....'6 2 6 2 4 2 3 n J Martin 12 30
202 I Don Know, a. ..109 6 ... 6 2 6 4 5 2 4 8 M Bergen. 12 20
— Sf"_"e- *•! ,£ * - * 7 2 8 6h Mounce ......'. 30 100
... El Kstro. 3 10.. 2 ... lh 31 81 6h e. Jones . 15 9
132 Bogus Bill, 2 99 7 ... 7h 8 71 76 J Woods 20 16
(177) Lady Helolse. 3 Ill 3 ... 2 4 4h 6 3 8 Bozeman l... .'. 12 _JS
Time-To ■,. :214: to 4, :454; short %. 1:114. Winner, D. Cameron & Co.'s b m., by
Imp. Eagle Plume-Frlola.
May W the class. Skirmish Is fast. Don't Know should have been closer up. El Estro
not ready. Lady Heloise cut off by Estro.
229 FOURTH RACE— One mile; gentlemen riders; Burllngame Cup; purse, $600.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. 4m. 4m. 4m. Str. Fin. J Jockeys. Op" Cl!
IT- Monrovia, „a ....152 1 12 16 16 17 18 I Mr. Dun~phy...| 3~13-5
215 O'Connor, 3 135' 3 2 3 4 2 3 1 3 3 2 2 Lt. Haines.... 6-5 1
k..i Una Colorado, a. ...150 2 33 22 24 24 33 [Mr Tobin [ 3 7-2
213 Billy McClosky, 6. .155 4 6 5 6 6 4 10 |Mr Page ] 20 20
177 Cosnlbra, 5 1605 4h 3h 4 1 4 1- 6 'Mr! Martin.. C 8
Tims— 4. :264; 4. :514; 4, 1:18%: mile. 1:454. Good start. Won easily. Second and
third driving. Winner, A. B. Spreckels' b. m., by Strathmore-Leap Frog.
Monrovia best ridden. Lieutenant Haines lost a stirrup, else O'Connor would have given
■winner a hard rub.
230 FIF1TH RACE— Mile and a sixteenth; Belling; three-year-old-'and upward; purse.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. [St. 4m. 4m. 4ra. Str. Fin. I Jockeys. Op. CL
213 Morinel, 4 99 5 62 61 51 44 Ins J. Woods 2 9^3
(205) Festoso. 3 95 2 11 11 11 11 2 4 Ranch 6-2 6
216 Snips, 4 99 4 4 2 lh 21 2 4 31 Mounce 6 8
211 Rainier. 3 90 1 31 3h 4 4 31 42 Coburn 6 12
203 Frank Jaubert, 6. ..101 6 63 6h 7 7 64 J Martin 10 25
216 Petal, 3 91 3 24 41 34 51 61 T. Walsh....!; 10 20
(211) Forte. 4... 99 1 8 7 7 6 1 CI 7 J. Ward 7-5 1
Time— 1-16, :07; 5-16, :314: 9-16. :57: 13-16,1:22; mile. 1:41: 1 l-16m, 1:47. Good start Won
first three driving. Winner. M. Storn's m., by Morello-Sunllt.
Mcrinel should have won cleverly. Woods waited too long. Snips ran to form. Rainier
outfooted. Forte had no speed whatever.
Scratched— Tenrica 99, Anchored 90.
QO| SIXTH RACE— mile; free handicap; ear-olds and upward; purse, $400.
I Ivottin*"
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. 4m. 4m. 4rc. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Icp. CL
209 Satsuma, a 112' 3 31 2h 24 21 In IB Jones '"7^ _T_
... Rosormonde. 4 116; 1 11 14 12 12 2 1 Morgan 3 14-5
219 Hohcnzollern, 6 1061 4 4 34 31 3132 Scnger 4 7-2
213 Marplot, 4 88 1 2 2h 4 4 4 4 | Ranch ..'...'.'.". 7-5 5-2
Time— 4, :2.'»; 4. -M: 4. 1:15%; mile. 1:41. Bad start. Won first three driving. Winner
Dr. II. E. Rowell's eh. h., by Macduff-Albertha. *
Rosormonde ran a splendid race. Weight told the last sixteenth. Patstima was all out
and bore In on the mare nearing finish. Hohenzollern improves right along.
them down in bunches and shut them out.
The game was slow and uninteresting,
and aside from a couple of grand-stand
catches by Stulz was featureless. Har
vey was touched for three and Borchers
for ten hits. Score:
SACRAMENTO.
SACRAMPNTO.
AB. »R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
AB. »R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McLaughlin, 1. f....8 2 2 0 1 0 0
Harvey, p 5 0 2 0 15 0
O'Connor, lb 5 13 0 8 2 0
Eagan. s. s 4 0 2 0 3 3 2
Stanley, c 4 0 0 0 6 10
Doyle, r. f 4 10 10 0 0
Shanahan, c. f 3 0 0 0 3 0 0
Sheehan, 3b 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Stulz, 2b 4 0 1 0 ' 2 1
Totals ; 38 4 10 1 27 13 3
Totals 38 4 10 1 27 13 3
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hutchinson, lb 10 0 0 8 0 0
Hammond, c 4 0 0 0 8 10
Hardi.-, r. f 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
M.'--k!man. 1. f 4 0 10 0 0 0
Donovan, c. f 3 0 2 0 4 11
Dunleavy, 2b 4 0 0 0 4 2 0
Lange. 3b 4 0 0 0 12 0
Schmeer, 8. s 4 0 0 0 2 4 4
g9 *
&ast
Borchers, p 4 0 0 0 0 10
Totals 31 0 3 0 27 11 5
RUNS and HITS BY innings. .
Sacramento 0 0111000 I—4
Base hits 1 0 3 12 0 0 0 3—lo
Oakland 0 00000000—0
Base hits 0 00100020—3
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible — Borchers 2. Three-base
hit— Eagan. Two-base hit— McLaughlin. Sacri
fice hit— Shanahan. First base on errors Sa
cramento 5. Oakland 2. First base on called
balls— Oakland 4. Left on Oakland 8.
Struck out— By Harvey 7. by Borchers 4. Hit by
pitched ball— Hardle. Donovan. Passed ball
Hammond. Time of game — 2 hours. Umpire —
O'Connell. Scorer— Griffin.
For More Sports See Ninth Page.
Suicide of an Author.
BERLIN. Oct. 28.— The well known
author, Franziski Bluemnechlch, commit
ted suicide this evening by Jumping from
the fourth story of a hotel at which she
was stopping.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"peerless-
OIL
OIL
COMPANY,
COMPANY,
R00m47, Eighth Floor, Mills Building
(SEE OUR MAP).
CORRESPONDENCE.
BAKERSFIELD. Cal., Oct. 25, 1*99.
Mr. John M. Wright, San Francisco,
Cal.
Dear Sir: Inclosed find clipping of this
ino.*ning's Echo. You will see that this
report* takes In your land, and further
will say that they have got oil on N. W.
M of Sec. 4 and S. W. Vi of Sec. 32, and
that they are drilling on Sees. 30. 20 and
24, with good prospects. If you have not
made any arrangements In regard to
sinking a well I would be pleased to put
a machine on your land immediately. If
you do. not want the trouble of attending
to getting your pipe hauled, etc, I can
do that for you, as I can hire it done by
teamsters that are doing that kind of
work. I would rather not contract to
furnish the same. I will do your drilling
either for $25 per day or $1 50 per foot for
first hundred feet, with 25 cents added for
each 50 feet after. I will furnish my own
fuel and water. Tours, etc.,
. F. M. CREIGHTON.
•Refers to report of M. M. Ogden, field
expert of California Oil Exchange.
ANSWER— TELEGRAM.
. SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 26. 1899.
Telegram sent October 26, 1899.
F. M. CREIGHTON.
The Arlington, Bakersfleld. Cal:
Second proposal in your letter of yes-
terday is hereby accepted. "Well to be-
gin with nine five-eighths piping, you to
bore five hundred feet, but I to retain
option of stopping at any depth below
three hundred feet. Bunting will furnish
piping. Begin immediately. See letter.
JOHN M. WRIGHT.
W SARSAPAJSILIAI
b£ 70 Years Success
M 70 Years "success 1
pH in evertj quarter of the Globe M
Ht PROMPT POWERFUL PURIFIERS J
sUfk THE VERY BEST OF AIL MB A
LIVER CLEANSE RS.jdBjj
|mBLOOD^' LIVER CLEANSERS^^^
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
jfc. steamers leave Broadway
nj^to.. wharf, San Francisco.
fe:3?J^*'f!fc. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
: -fflßfUß^ Oct. 3, 8. 13, IS, 23. 28; Nov.
1 .5^ b%^S^ -• chanSp at Seattle.
! t?Si»et3 vAI For Victoria. Vancouver
B _^2-_W-\ (B. C). Port Townsend, Se-
l^^^_^^_\ attle, Tacoma, Everett, Ana-
cortes and New Whatcom
™ (Wash.), 10 a. m., Oct. J, 8.
13, IS, 23. 28; Nov. 2. and
every fifth -Say thereafter; change at Seattle
to this company's steamers for Alaska and G.
N. Ry.; at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver
to C. P. Rv.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m., Oct. 6.
11 16. 26, 81; Nov. 5 and every fifth day there-
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon. Cayu-
cos Port Harford (Pan Luis Obispo). Gavlota,
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport. 9
a. m. Oct. 3, 7, 11, 15. 19. 23, 27. 31; Nov. 4 and
every' fourth day thereafter. *__„_,,
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Los
Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a. m.,
Oct. 6, 9, 13. 17. 21. 25, 29; Nov. 2 and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
i Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
I and Guaymaa (Mexico), 10 a. m., 7th of each
month. . . , .-
For further information obtain a folder.
The company reserves the right to changes
I without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and •■•ours of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
■tree' (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
IRE 0, R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
From Spear-street Wharf nt lft a. m.
From SDear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC $12 First Class Including Berth
rAtIC $8 Second Class t\nd Meals.
COLUMBIA Oct. 20. 30; Nov. 9, 19, 29.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA
Oct. 25; Nov. 4. 14, 24.
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
620 Market st.
•OOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
•■■-. -.*-■. Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
FEW TORK. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PABIS.
Ptnppln;? at Cherbourg. Tresfbound.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Even' Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New York Oct. 251 New York Nov. IS
St. Louis Nov. 1 St. Louis Nov. 22
St. Paul Nov. B ! St. Paul Nov. 29
RED STAR LINE.
New Yo"? cr-.-* Antwerp
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Kensington Oct. 25 {Southwark Nov. is
Nordland Nov. lj Westernland ...Nov. 22
Frlesland Nov. S. Kensington ....Nov. 29
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson Clty.
Foi full ■ information regarding freight and
• passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery St., or any of its agencies.
TOYOTISEN KAISHA,
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ncr of First and Brannan sxroa\s, Ipm
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing. *
HONGKONG-MARU Wednesday. Nov 1
NIPPON-MART' Saturday. Nov' ■>$
AMERICA-MARU Thursday, Dec. 21
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
COHFAGNIE QEN7RALE TRANBATLANTIQUE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS -_
Sailing every Thursday Instead of
Saturday, from November 2, 1899. at "^>»-
10 a. m. from Pier 42. North River, foot ot
Morton St. LA GASCOGNE. Oct. 21; LA
BRETAGNE. Oct. 2S: LA TOURAINE. Nov.
2; LA CHAMPAGNE. Nov. 9; LA NORMAN-
Dm Nov. 16: LA GASCOGNE. Nov 23: LA
TOURAINE. Nov. 30: LA BRETAGNE. Dec. 7.
First-class to Havre, $60 and upward: 5 per
rent reduction on round trip. Second-class to
.'U . £™f~nt Ruction on round trip.
GENERAfc AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA., 82 Broadway (Hudson build-
ing). New York. J. F. FTTGAZI A CO. Pa-
cific Coast Agents. . Montgomery aye..' Sao
Francisco.
J^^^fe^^RS^-S^fS s- s- Moana saiN
firPwaS faf-B&STBKSL v'a Honolulu and
ra^Wjfc Auckland for Sydney
PJPBH&StKft Wednesday. Nov.
SSjPfifSglL via Honolulu and
fc*ra,""l"w Auckland for Sydney
. «^ Wednesday. Nov. 1.
*S V y. "t 1° P- nu
JE3niSn!D=J Th« S- S- Australia
raSga* f-SMIISn D<J Th« s- s- Australia
V=?ii ■ """a for Honolulu
<ptfS&r. (Q^\?fi\\m- Wednesday. Nov. 15.
_ - -. at 2p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa New Zealand. Australia. L.dia. five«.
England, etc.; $610 flrst-elass.
tl*. si-fttfcKELS * bl.wa.Xo.. Agts.. 114 Montgomen
P>er 7. Foot Pacific St. PrmfiM Office. 327 M?rket St.
*>*m^m'^ll*m*^*^'**----m--m-_mmmi^_-___m^_________________^______m-wm_m-mt
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
BAY AND RIVEB, STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
..~.. _ Steamer "Monticello."
..«,.. -Steamer "Monticello."
MON., Tues.. Y.'ed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:43
a. m. 8:16, 8:80 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night). TTI-
■days. if. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10 JO a. m.. I
P. m. Landing and offlee. Mission-straw Dock.
E1" £0, *• Telephone Main 1508.
FARE , •;*- to*
■--.■■■■ADVERTISEMENTS.
®®®®®®o®®®®®®®®®®®
® ®
® ®
j The Chance i
I The Chance I
® f Hfl I ®
1 To Make i
i To Make I
: A Fortune, 1
® This company offers large or ®
c*' small Investors an opportunity to ®
® purchase stock ln an oil com- ®
® pany that has acquired property
fc in the greatest oil producing belt ,^
® In the State. ,-..'- ®
® Our wells in Contra Costa, nine ®
® miles from Oakland, consist of ®
© over 1000 acres. It was exam- ®
ct ined by the Fuel Com. of the xZ
r^ Manufacturers' and Producers' ■--■
■& Association and they reported ®
® the presence of oil on lt. Devel- ®
© opment work has been pushed g,
fc until we have reached a depth _
)W of over 900 feet. Oil should be *
® struck at 1200 feet. ©
® ®
i Buy 1
i American I
I Oil Stock i
i At $5,00 i
® ■% Ai ®
I Per Share. :
I Per Snare.
® We have limited the number of ®
® shares at this price to SOO. When ®
® this amount has-been sold the ®
fc price will advance. That we will n
strike oil ln a few days is a fore.
® gone conclusion. We control ®
® over 1000 acres of land in Contra ®
® Costa— the richest oil county In @ I
fc the State. We are close to mar- n'•
r( ket and are independent of the w !
® railroad for transportation facili- ® j
® ties. ®
® Any person taking the time to gj |
fc investigate our proposition will _
~T buy stock now and urge friends ®
® to follow the example. ®
® You're invited to call and make ®
® inquiries. Get an Illustrated /»
fc prospectus and a report of the X*
J? Fuel Com. of the Manufacturers' ®
® and Producers' Association. ®
® — . ©'
I AMERICAN OIL and I
: AMERICAN ¥l and I
REFINERY CO., S
• REFINERY CO., I
® ®
® ROOMS 322 AND 323 PARROTT %
® BUILDING. J
fc SAN FRANCISCO. . JL
x!) ® !
® Oakland Agents, O'ROURKE -*>,
a, & JACKSON, 1002 Broadway. X
vf •-■ -• ■ ® 1
•• ; •®®®®®®® ® ® ® ® ® ® !
EUGENE FIELD'S POEMS,
A $7.00 BOOK.
A $7.00 BOOK.
The Book of the century. Handsomely
Illustrated by thirty-two of the World*
Greatest Artists.
GIVEN FREE
to each person interested in subscribing
to the Eugene Field Monument Souvenir
Fund. Subscribe any amount desired.
Subscriptions as low as 11 will entitle
donor to this daintily artistic volume
"FIELD FLOWERS"
(cloth bound, Sxll), as a certificate of sub-
scription to fund. Book contains a selec-
tion of Field's best and most representa-
tive works and is ready for delivery.
But for the noble contribution of the
world's greatest artists this book could not
have been manufactured for less than $7.
The Fund created Is. divided equally be-
tween the family of the '.ate Eugene Field
and the Fund for the building of a monu-
ment to the memory of the beloved poet
of childhood. Address
EUGENE FIELD MONUMENT SOUVENIR TUND,
180 Monroe St., Chicago.
(Also at Book Stores.)
If you also wish to send postage, enclose
10 cents. !
Mention this Journal, as Adv. Is inserted as
our Contribution.
*HT^ Th. pmrutlar
S"TT"Tk • Th. peNUfIU
Sano-Rio«:p
THE HOME REMEDY Sl* £?bi"gu-
TH E HOM E REM ED V ff £&£#
for FEMALE COMPLAINTS right if they
»o wron&. For .11 th«o p.iru, .ilmenU anil difficult!-** no
remedy on t„nn f|j _ Easily applied. Relieves
eqnalu Q*> famous SttnO-KlOull uterine pains In
JBSESSh 1" niinuteiC Piromptly relieve. Headache,
PJK^i'JJ Nauv-a, Blood an'l Bladder Troulel-s, Faintnen,
Korrouineu, Fir and liesjKjnd'ncy. Cure.
SBTm ttf3 t't>rine Complaint., Barkachs, Bearinj Down
RllKt, Hi'K.d »nd BladelerTroulel«i, r«intnem.
i • ir .cd Despondency. Cures
•iti, B.'-keiche, B^.rinf Down
_r/^^._%2__\ Paint and all Female Dissnlan. Han-^Mk
UhesG -.-. V:->rieti .e.s lhefr»/j<A
AT ' Af>,th. «pinti and Vitalises th« wholefA'J
X lA%<t/g:'y''! ' "ul"'.'. -iiri' .i. I Absolutely T^OAt
-*— -w- llurmlc.k One &0 cent box will >«Bl»'
complet* a cure in orhnary case..
•-STiIPS Al I PilW **" -•> by ALL PRre-ainTw,
0 I UlO HLL I Mil or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt
IN IU ' milt Ito TV.'i-erfer'toC*. CsitralMs. Chleafs
Sold in bna Francisco and Oakland by th. Owl Drug Co.
rKj Chlch eater's Engllßh Diamond Brand. ' -
Pennyroyal pslls
V s-<s~Zhx. Original and Only Genuine. ▲
J^ifn%\ $.-■*■ reUablt iadics aik A\ I
-T-j\.jF__Wk I>ru«fl,, '«* Chirliuter * E-xeU*D Dia-jEn__Z.
£$***&?-£fr-'-\n**"i Brand l- iU4 »ad feil BenailloVlG?
1^ *S?llf« boxes. -waled with blue rtt.bos. Tuke^y
■Jwi «e^ w^nootber. *'-V«er dangerous tutttttt*. V
I I T flf tion* and imttati. na. A Dragfliu, or Mcd 4Uk c
12- rf if .."^fPf '"' P*nlea'.m, teiUmonlal. aad ',
Vl"* fp vl:?}ll'Z **''£?s*'*•'' inU,Ur'br**t*™ i
«^_ 1' 3»"" J<l,ooo T»«tlmon:ali. lf aar paper.
-jT^Te-T Cb}"*",,lr- >-<^-JialcalCo.,M«dl<M» t^u mr**, '
■fcldbyalll^e* .t ..;*■-. PnTl,Al>A_i»y
±m_-m-mmmmm_---mm^!^_m_J!S*'~^-~*- A
BOCA HOTEL.
BOCA HOTEL.
FINEST HUNTING! AND FISHING ON THB
Truekee River; pleasant sunny rooms eood
boating on lake; boats free to guests prioea
reasonable. $£ to $10 per week; special rates for
iMUliea. W. J. McDONALD. Manager.
STUBBS DECLARES THAT
HE NOMINATED CHIPMAN
Southern Pacific Ultimatum Is
Published to Merchants.
Railroad Company Openly Afield to Beat
Coast Candidate for Commissioner
to Regulate the Rates.
©♦-0-*o^o;4-0-^O-*o>o>o^o>o>o>o-*-o>-0-»-0-»0>0-»-0-^0-*0>-0-^0>0>0-»-©
7 ♦ ♦
♦ Organizations favoring 7*0 hoe ier- ♦
A **' -7;---.-;y +
o Paciflc Coast Manufactiu'ers' and Jobbers' Association. o
o Pacific Coast Manufacturers' and Jobbers' Association. o
♦ Portland Chamber of Commerce. J
4 Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce. ♦
6 Pacific Coast Retail Hardware Association. °
o San Francisco Chamber of Commerce. o
♦ San Francisco Board of Trade. ♦
° Manufacturers' and Producers' Association. 4
6' Merchants' Association. ?
* Grocers' Alliance of California, o
* ♦
•©■^©♦©♦o-^O-^O-*O-^O-^O-»0-^O-»0-^O>0-^0^0-^O-^O>0-^0-*'O-^0-*0>0-^0-*®
THE united merchants and manufac
turers of the Paciflc Coast have re-
ceived their ultimatum from the
Southern Paciflc Company. The
corporation will stand by Its attorney.
General N. P. Chipman. J. C. Stubbs has
said to the executive committee of the
Paciflc Coast Jobbers' and Manufacturers'
Association that he would stand by Chip
man. On the other hand the merchants,
through their duly constituted repre
sentatives, have told Mr. Stubbs that they
will not forsake William R. Wheeler,
whom they have nominated to All the va
cancy ln the Interstate Commerce Com
mission. That is the interesting situa
tion that confronts the people of the Pa
ciflc Coast this morning.
The organization and functions of the
Interstate Commerce Commission throw
light upon the general proposition quite
effectively. The commission tries com
plaints against transportation lines. Mer
chants may become parties to a contro
versy before the commission, but It is by
intervention. The mercantile and manu
facturing community of the Pacific Coast
entered into the controversy at St. Louis
before the commission concerning graded
rates and differentials by intervention.
The suit was filed against the transconti
nental railroads. The great interest the
Pacific Coast has in the issue brought
about intervention on the part of the Pa
cific Coast jobbers and manufacturers.
The railroads are alleged to be the cul
prits and are the defendants.
With this clearly In mind the move of
the Southern Pacific, Company to put its
own attorney, General Chipman. in as a
member of the commission has signifi
cance which only the blind can fail to see
at once. It is simply a proposition of a
culprit to select Judge and jury In the
person of the culprit's attorney.
Some tacts have been learned concern
ing the conferences in the Southern Pacific
offices on Friday, of which conferences
there were two, that no attempt to con
ceal could successfully keep in the back
ground. The" first session on Friday
found the Southern Pacific Company rep
resented by H. E. Huntington alone. The
jobbers and manufacturers were repre
sented by the executive committee of the
Pacific Coast Association, and only on©
or two of the members of the committee
residing in this city were absent. -Mr.
Huntington told the committee that he
did not know anything- about the candi
dacy of General Chipman and requested
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
GIVES SATISFACTION.
A Certain Cure fop Piles*
The Pyramid Pile Cure Is a success be-
cause it has the merit which brings suc-
cess. It cures every form of piles and i
cures them to stay cured. It Is now the >
! most popular and best known pile remedy i
! before the public, and one reason for Its ]
j great popularity Is because it has taken j
I the place of surgical operations, once con- !
j sidered the only sure cure.
People often wonder that so simple a i
' remedy will. so promptly cure such an ob- j
i stinate trouble as piles are well known to
be. Tet the greatest remedies and great- ]
I est Inventions we have are the simplest,
j and the fact that it does cure is all the
i sufferer from piles wants to know.
The Pyramid Pile Cure cures piles in
! any stage of the disease as shown by the
I following testimonial letters which are
: published every week and new cases re-
ported each time:
From Geo. C. Gieck, Owens Mill, Mo.:
Some time ago' I bought" a package of
Pyramid Pile Cure for my wife who. had
suffered very much. The ' flrst trial did
her more good than anything she had ever
tried. It is just as represented.
From Richard Loan, Whipple, Ohio: I
have used the Pyramid and am entirely
pleased and satisfied with results. It does
the work and no mistake.
Mr. W. R. Hines of Magnolia, Ark.,
says: Although I have used the Pyra-
mid Pile Cure only a very short time, yet
it has been very beneficial to me.
From Mrs. Peter Lake, Mohawk, N. T. :
I received the Pyramid Pile Cure, but put
off using it until last week, when I be-
came so bad I decided. to try lt. I have
suffered twenty-nine years ■ with bleeding
piles and have used a great deal of mcdi-
cine, but never had anything that did so
much for me as your remedy. '!.';
The proprietors of this remedy could
publish columns of similar letters to the
above if necessary, but these are enough
to show what it will do In different cases.
The Pyramid Pile Cure is prepared by
! the Pyramid Drug Co. of Marshall, Mich.,
and for sale by druggists everywhere at
60 cents per package. Ope package is suf-
ficient to cure any ordinary case. Your.
druggist will tell you more about it.
3 visit DR. JORDAN'S great 4
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
A (T& 1351BASHTCT.t«t.6a*7&,C.r.fcl.i
! # Sfc 1061 UI2ZZ * ST' W" 6'*i*7Ul- :-r* Cil- i
\ Cf- The Largest Anatotnic»l Museum In the \
A .J __ Wortd. Ye eakne«ie» or any contracted A
V BrpW <'i«»,e p«-»ltl»elje cured by theolde»t W
M |kh| Specialist en the Coast. Est 36 year; 0
J flf-WJ OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
\ W 4SWs_%W Consultation free and strictly private. \
4 M l^—tMi **-"rf ,rm'=nl pe"oni,|y or by letter. A A
V a ur no Pos. Curoln every case undertaken. W
■Am If lift Write for Book. PBILOiUPHVef A
¥* If I* nAnIIIAGE, MAILED FREE. '.AW
X Jl Jl, ' valuable book for men) \
9 DH. JOKDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St., B. F. 9
7»R JORDAN A t'O., 1051 Market St., B. F. 9
RADWAY'S BEADY RELIEF has stood
unrivaled before, the public for 60 years as. a
Pain Remedy. It instantly relieves and quickly
euros all Colds, Sore Throats, Influenza, Bron-
chitis, Pneumonia. Rheumatism. Neuralgia,
Headache, Toothache and all pains. Internally
for Malaria and all Bowel Pains.All druggists, •
THE SA^i rBAyCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, OCTOBER 29, 1899.
I that the committee should call again ln
I the afternoon when, he said, he hoped to
bave Mr. Stubbs present.
The committee again visited the yellow
; building and met Mr. Huntington and Mr.
1 Stubbs. It consisted of the following:
j Wakefield Baker, president of the Pacific
Coast Jobbers and Manufacturers' Asso
ciation; E. R. I.ilienthal, H. D. Loveland.
traffic manager of the Paciflc Coast Job
bers and Manufacturers' Association; Ed
ward Pond, E. Everett. Charles F. Tay,
j L. Guggenhelmer, I. F. Llttlefield, Charles
Holbrook. Arthur Towne and Frank L.
Brown of the American Steel and Wire
I Company.
It did not take long to reach an under-
standing; also an agreement to disagree.
Mr. Stubbs did not plead ignorance of the
candidacy of General Chipman. On the
contrary he openly said: "Chipman is my
; candidate; not the candidate of the South
! em Pacific Company."
I This proposition did not deceive any one.
I because it was known that the petition
in favor of Chipman was circulated in this
city by R. B. Carpenter, an attorney for
j the railroad company, and that it " was
i promoted in Sacramento by D. O. Mills.
i The difference between Stubbs' candidate
I and the Southern Pacific candidate, under
these circumstances, would not be evident
I to a mind sufficiently acute to fathom the
difference between tweedle-dum and
j tweedle-dee. In fact, there was and is no
! difference. Chipman stands forth clearly
as the Southern Pacific representative.
The representatives of.the Paciflc Coast
Jobbers' and Manufacturers' Association
told Mr. Huntington and Mr. Stubbs,
plainly, that they would stand solidly be
: hind Mr. Wheeler, and that the entire
l business interests of the Pacific Coast was
j pledged to him. Something being said
j about the necessity for a lawyer as a
' member of the Interstate Commerce Com
; mission, the fact was presented to Mr.
| Stubbs' attention that one of the most
I eminent attorneys in San Francisco, after
i reading carefully and studiously the argu
i ment made by W. R. Wheeler at St. Paul,
' had declared that the author of that argu
ment had a fine legal and judicial mind.
1 The discussion lasted some time, but did
■ not move Mr. Stubbs or the committee.
Mr. Huntington and Mr. Stubbs wer*
; given to understand clearly that the
} business men would act as a unit. Some
wholesome truths were uttered concerning
the position in which the Southern Pa-
I cific Company had placed itself in refer-
I ence to the Commisßionership, and the
: gentlemen parted. There were no high
| words, nor was. there any appearance ot
i much excitement; but the railroad people
, and the committee fully understood that
j there could be no agreement on a can
| didate. The railroad might talk about
1 harmony, but it was well understood that
it was not possible.
That this marks the opening of a fight
.to a finish over the Commisslonership
i there is not a shadow of . doubt. 'the
l merchants and manufacturers do not
I want Chipman. One of the oldest, most
conservative and successful business men
In the city was heard to say that he
would prefer that the Pacific Coast should
not have the Commisslonership rather than
not have the Commisslonership rather
than it should go to an attorney of the
j Southern Paciflc Company. Throughout
I the commercial community there is the
j feeling that to name a railroad attorney
I for the place belittles the commission.
Yesterday additional support was given
|to Mr. Wheeler. The Grocers' Alliance
of California, numbering 1500 members,
i sent notice of the adoption of a resolu
tion by the alliance requesting the Presi
j dent to appoint a Paciflc Coast man to
i fill the vacancy upon the Interstate Com
i merce Commission and unanimously rec-
I ommending the appointment of Mr.
| Wheeler. The resolutions were signed by
I John A. Stulz, president, and John M.
| Sullivan, secretary. Tacoma and Seattle
i have wired that they will follow the lead
of California. Now all eyes are turnea
to the California Congressional delegation.
No California Congressman will be able
to say that he did not know what the
wishes of the business men of the coast
were. A circular letter has been sent to
every member of the delegation, the body
of which, clearly setting forth the mat
ter, is as follows:
In addressing the following request to you,
permit us to state first, that ln the creation
of the Interstate Commerce Commission, con-
sisting of five members, the intention of the
act was that one member should be chosen
from each geographical subdivision of our
country— the New England States, the Eastern
or Middle States, the Middle Western States,
the Southern States and the Paciflc Coast and
Mountain States.
This is as it should be, ln order that that
body should be composed of men familiar with
the conditions obtaining in each section.
The coast has thus far . not been honored
in the makeup of this commission, pos
sibly owing id our claims not having
been , properly urged. The business men
of the entire coast, from Seattle to San
Diego, are now alive to the propriety of push
ing their claims that a Pacific Coast man. thor
oughly familiar with matters pertaining to
railroads ln general and freight transportation
in particular, be named by the President to
fill the existing vacancy. Such a man they
have united upon unanimously and with one
accord. knowing his superior fitness for the
position. This man is William H. Wheeler,
of* Holbrook, Merrill & Stetson, San Francisco,
Sacramento ami Los Angeles.
Mr. Wheeler did not put himself forward as
•a candidate for this place, but has been asked
to take the position, and is now Indorsed by
every Board of Trade, chamber of Commerce
and other trade organizations in California,
Oregon and Washington.
This the Paciflc Coast Jobbers' and Manu
facturers' Association, Just organized, and com
prising a membership of nearly large busi
ness houses and manufacturing concerns located
in the three States named, with headquarters
in this city, earnestly requests your Indorse
ment and active support ot our candidate. Mr.
Wheeler.
We understand from the mercantile interests
of Oregon and Washington thai their respective*
Congressional delegations will act in harmony
with you in this matter.
We want representation on this commission;
we are a unit for Mr. Wheeler, and respectfully
request you to wire President McKinley urging
his early appointment. Please favor us with
an early reply.
No- answers had been received last
night. The letter was signed by
Wakefield Baker as president. The fol
lowing telegram was forwarded to the
members of the .Congressional delegations
of Pacific Coast States other than Cali
fornia:
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 23, 1899.
The Paciflc Coast Jobbers' and Manufacturers'
Association, three hundred strong*, covering all
coast cities from Seattle to San Diego, in ses
sion here yesterday, unanimously indorsed Wil
liam R. Wheeler of San Francisco, a prominent
Paciflc Coast business man, with large knowl
edge of railroad matters as their candidate for
vacancy on Interstate Commerce Commission
They ask your co-operation with coast Con
gressional delegations in obtaining this recog
nition, and believe the large territory west of
Rockies is entitled to this representation
WAKEFIELD BAKER, President.
THOMAS P. SMITH, Secretary.
The Portland Oregonian concerning the
action of the Chamber of Commerce of
Portland rays: "Mr. Wheeler seems to be
entirely satisfactory to Portland. A few
days ago the Chamber of Commerce sent
word to commercial organizations in Pa
cific Coast cities that It would support tbe
NEW PASTOR TO DIRECT
CENTENARY M. E. CHURCH
REV. J. E. MOORE OF VIRGINIA.
\ candidate of the Jobbers' and Manufac
turers' Association."
The following was sent by the Portland
Chamber of Commerce to Senators Simon
and Meßride and Representatives Moody
and Tongue: "The manufacturers, joo-
bers and citizens of the Pacific Coast have
long felt the imperative necessity of hav
ing one member of the Interstate Com
merce Commission from the Paciflc Coast.
As a vacancy now exists in this commis
! sion an effort Is , being made to secure
i from the business men the nomination of
S a candidate who shall merit the united
: support of the united Congressional dele
gations of the coast States. At a meet-
ing of the Pacific Coast Jobbers' and Man
ufacturers' Association the name of Wil
liam R. Wheeler, a member of the firm
of Holbrook, Merrill & Stetson of San
Francisco and chairman of the traiflc
I committee of the Pacific Coast Metal and
| Hardware Association, was unanimously
' agreed upon. In line with the above we
I respectfully ask our delegation to prompt
j ly investigate the claims of the candidate
named and, if possible, to unite with us
, and the Congressional delegations of the
Paciflc Coast States in his indorsement
to the President."
Frank li. Brown of the Pacific works of
the American Steel and Wire Company
said yesterday: "The Pacific Coast, be
] cause of wider trade, is entitled to a rep
l resentative in the Interstate Commerce
I Commission. William R. Wheeler, owing'
Ito his thorough business training and
I wide commercial experience concerning
I all parts of the Pacific Coast, has inti-
I mate acquaintance with the mercantile
I and mechanical interests of the slope. He
I has, in addition, devoted a large amount
! of time to the study of tariffs affecting
i the Pacific Coast mercantile community
and is eminently qualified for the posi-
I tion vacant upon the Interstate Commerce
Commission. He Is much more capable
! to fill the position, in our judgment, than
I any professional man not thoroughly ac
i quainted with commercial affairs. We
| hope the merchants and . manufacturers
of the coast will unite as one man in ad
vocacy of Mr. Wheeler for the position.'
COURSING AT INGLESIDE.
Continued From Eighth Page.
Murphy & Toland's Twilight Jr.; Dan O'Con
nell'a Satan beat O. F. Peterson's Cotati King:
Connell Bros." Log Boy beat J. McEnroe's Ad
miral Sampson; T. .T. ("ronln's Rose •of Tralee
beat W. J, Trade's Wandering Tom; Russell,
Alien & Wilsons Belle Claire beat E. Casser
l>'s Silence; E. Baunielster'B Winning Ways
beat T. J. Cronin's Iron Duke; H. Lynch's
Mystic Maid beat James Norton's La Goleta;
C. E. Wiley's tins Light beat James Dean's
Connemara; E. M. Kellogg's Hummer beat D.
r'e.-npf's Sarcastic; J. Mnher's Benicia Boy
beat F. Farming's Babe Murphy: H. A.' Deck
elman's Snapshot beat D. Ford's Bonlta; T.
J. Cronin's Maid of Ball beat J. Me.-Cormack's
Halrbraln: T. J. McHugh's Maid of the Mill
beat f'onnpll Bros.' Senorita: James Hurley's
O X Capitol boat J. O. Dowd's Clifton Lass;
D. Ford's Juanlta beat James Hurley's Star
of Cuba.
Vlen! Don't Lose Your Power!
Don't allow all the fresh young
Don't allow all the fresh young
vigor to go out of your life.
: *~ If you are losing the vigor of manhood and can see
j ""\. 7ggS£osjj*£^.W evidence, from day to day, that your physical system is
/^"\Njk\ ; &r^*^ ~*iiik S°^nS *nto decay, yon should, in common justice to your
" l^y^y : ' '' L. SSk future happiness, take steps to check the loss.
frV_r \ ' " W f^ 3P« Don't make the mistake of thinking that this catrt
If I j V/ $)£ be done; it can and has been doae in thousands of cases.
/ fj X' :>-*' / Don't deceive yourself into believing that it is »a*a-
■ //, ( "^^V-^t^^^r^ I ral f°r any man to thus exhaust his power.
°/ ' y^x *.'• ■ll \*v v/\w Nature is appealing to you every moment to save
Is* -3 'i ■I . |l\ yourself. The slight pains that you feel; the momen-
vv^_~-'!!!' '^^%s!'/ II \\ \ tary spells of weakness; the periodical loss of memory,
Yyj \ I dullness of brain, drowsiness — all point to the necessity
/y%^§^^ \ '"■'■'/ /'I of curing yourself now. I have a positive cure for
H ill JL i Thp Or Mrf sisorhlin Mofhnfl
<^%%0M — Ml i IfSwLau^ilSiiS IfSsiiiUUi
So^^^^^^^^^^^^£^TT^^^^m n'xY\ This is the treatment that has restored over 10,000
jy^v-i This is the treatment that has restored over 10,000
T^^^^^P'^ZHt^^^'-.L " men to the highest standard of manhood. It is adapted
•'""' especially to this trouble and never • fails in its grand
; - work. ';•;.;• . lW WW- ' -%'■
SFor twenty years I have studied Electricity as applied for the up-building, of manly strength, and my method
of treatment, now tried and successful, is the result of my study and experience. • .**: ,/: '.'*../ . -
Electricity is life to the vital parts, to the nerves and organs of the body. " They cannot live without it, This
drain is taking it from thera every day. Stop the drain, get back the. power and make yourself a man. among men.
My body battery is worn while you sleep at night I arrange it for each case in a special- manner, as every
case is different J direct the vitalizing force after a special method learned in my twenty years' experience. The
warmth, the energy, the rejuvenating vitality, is felt at once and a complete cure is certain to follow in a few weeks.
>>f Call and inspect it; Test it free and see the names of hundreds of late cures. If you cannot call, write for my
free* book about it
V\X> JVI A ]W/>I AITPHI IIM TO2 Market St,, cop. Kearny, San Francisco, and
TYO iVI A ! M^f Af TPHI TW 702 Market St,, cop. Keapny, San Francisco, and
ISIVo ITU.. /*• ] ITlwUAlJvIIIl^Il"^ Burdick Block, Corner Spring and Second Strests, Los Angeles.
Om&hours-«a.m. to 8:30 p. ro.; -undaya. 10 to 1. .NEVER SOLD IN DRUGS TORES. •-
Returned From Politics
to His First
Love.
cj7y?> T the , sessions of Holston
/I v-i Conference In Bluefleld last
A— — \ week v Hon. J. E. Moore, who
ii withdrew from the Conference
in 1883, and who has since been
practicing law, was restored to mem
bership in that body, and has been
transferred to the Pacific Conference."
The above is an extract from a Vir
ginia newspaper, and the Hon. J. E.
Moore mentioned in it, and the Rev. J.
E. Moore who to-day will take the
place of the Rev. H. M. McKnight as
pastor of the Centenary M. E. Church
South are identical.
Rev. Mr. Moore was the earliest at
torney to locate In Pulaski, Virginia,
and became vice-president of the first
bank established in the town. He rep
resented the counties of Pulaski and
Giles in the Legislature, of 1887-88. He
expects to make his home permanently
In this city, and from the little he has
seen of it is most favorably impressed,
particularly remarking on its business
energy and progressiveness.
Key. Mr. Moore has the reputation
of being a polished speaker and an
able scholar. His first work here will
be In the interest of the twentieth cen
tury education fund, which the Meth
odist Church is now engaged in rais
ing.
WINS THE
FIGHT WITH
HIS FEET
French Pugilist Knocks Out
an Englishman by Kick-
ing Him.
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
PARIS. -Oct. 2s.— The fight for .25,000
francs between Charlemont, France's
champion, and "Jerry" Driscoll, former
champion. of the British navy, this after
noon, resulted In a victory for the former.
There was a great crowd and the fighting
was hot for six rounds. In the seventh
round Driscoll was knocked out by a
smashing kick In the groin, the French
man being allowed to use his feet, in ac
cordance with the French custom. The
seats sold as high as $40 each. '^WWt'Zy
The Englishmen and several Frenchmen
protested against the decision being given
in favor of Charlemont, but the majority
greeted the announcement with wild
shouts of triumph and cries of "Fashoda."
The Englishmen who witnessed the fight
declare- that it was most grotesquely un
fair from beginning to end. The umpires
were both. Frenchmen and' one of them
actually was Charlemont's father. The
match was supposed to be under the
Queensbury rules and "kicking In the
groin" was barred.
The ring was I five * and; a half yards
square. The contest consisted of two
minute rounds, with intervals of one min
ute and ten seconds.
Charlemont was heavy, and fat. Drisclll
was light and sinewy. i Charlemont wore
walking shoes and five-ounce gloves were
used. The Frenchman was no match for
Driscoll, who pounded his opponent's face
to a jelly and finally got him In chancery,
but. he Immediately released him, crying
out "He has bitten my lip." Driscoll,
however, tackled him again, whereupon
the crowd jerred and hooted him, nobody
.knew why. -•"<->*:•'
- Driscoll, hearing some one shout
"Time," stopped and the uproar Increased.
One of the umpires threatened to with
draw, whereupon a Frenchman in the
crowd arose and said he would act as um
pire. .This. led to a discussion lasting four
minutes, giving, Charlemont, who was
groggy, time to recover for the second
round, / during which Charlemont was
again punished and the round was stopped
before time had expired, Charlemont being
out of breath.
Rowdy disputes lasted during the Inter
val, until Charlemont was ready for the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CITY OF A PARIS
DRY OOODS COmPANY.
DRY GOOD© COMPANY.
LACEIEPARTMENT!
SFANCLED ROBES.
SPANGLED ROBES.
New Designs on Exhibition the Coming Week.
ALLOVERS.
ALLOVERS.
In Spangled Lace and Applique; Novelties Just Received.
FEATHER BOAS.
FEATHER BOAS.
18 to, 72 Inches Long; in Black and Colors.
LIBERTY RUFFS.
LIBERTY RUFFS.
New Styles Just Opened, With Long Ends, $3 tO $10 each.
LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS.
LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS.
All. Linen; in Plain, Embroidered and Initialed; Extra Values; all New
Designs.
NECKWEAR.
Exclusive Novelties in Lace, Chiffon, Taffeta and Liberty Bows, Jabots,
Exclusive Novelties in Lace, Chiffon, Taffeta and Liberty Bows, Jabots,
■■":•;.. . Stocks and Scarfs.
COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY FILLED.
COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY FILLED.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
S. E. Corner Geary and Stockton Stmts, San Franoisoo. .
'. UNION SQUARE,
third round, in which Driscoll drew blood
and landed on the Frenchman's wind,
sending Charlemont reeling time and
again until the round was unfairly called.
The fourth, fifth, sixth and seventh
rounds were repetitions of the foregoing,
though Charlemont succeeded in getting
in a few kicks. In the eighth round
Charlemont. landed an upward kick on
Driscoll's groin.' Driscoll appealed to the
spectators against, this foul hit and then
doubled up In* agony and was carried out
of the ring. A joyful yell of "Vive la
France" came from the crowd and a num
ber of people rushed Into the ring '» and
took Charlemont in their arms and kissed
him and proclaimed him the victor. *.'-;•
The fight lasted an hour. Charlemont
takes the 25,000 francs.
ACADEMIC LEAGUE RACE.
Polytechnic School Wins. the Twenty-
Five Mile Relay.
The team of the Polytechnic High
School of this city won the fourth annual
twenty-five mile relay race of the Aca
demic Athletic League yesterday morning
at San Leandro, Davidson, who rode the
last relay for the Polytechnics, finishing
four minutes ahead. of the next nearest
man. Miller of the Lowell School.
The timing of the different relays was
very. poorly managed, owing to the Inex
perience of the officials chosen to act, so
that a schedule of the performances of
the various men was not obtainable. Of
the six schools entered, but five started,
being the Polytechnics and Lowell of this
city, San Jose High School and Central of
Oakland, and the California School of Me
chanical Arts. The Berkeleys did not
! show up.
The finish was not at all theatrical, Da
vidson riding in with plenty of time to
spare. The Lowell School finished second,
j San Joses third and Central fourth. The
Californias came In too late to be scored.
The usual number of spills incident to
I a road race occurred, hut no one was
i badly injured. The day was an ideal one
for road racing, and presages well for the
Associated Clubs' ten mile handicap to-
I day.
This race gives the Polytechnic School
its first hold on the valuable trophy the
Academic League offered. It having been
won in previous events by the Central,
Lowell and Berkeley Schools.
The net riding time of the teams was as
follows: . ; vr;
Polytechnic, 1:16:45: Lowell. 1:20:47; San
Jose, 1:23:47; Central, 1:28. The Lowells.
although second, had no chance after the
first relay, as Solinsky, their rider on the
first, dropped the packet, and the next
man had to pick it up and bring it in.
The Bay, City Wheelmen held a recep
tion and smoker at their club house Fri
day evening in honor of Arthur F. Lund
berg, one of the members who recently re
turned from Manila with the California
regiment. They also presented Mr. Lund
berg with a handsome watch fob. The
presentation was made by Judge Kerri
gan, and Mr. Lundberg responded as well
as he could, though somewhat surprised
and overcome. Altogether the evening
proved a most enjoyable one.
SAW A BODY IN THE SURF
Victim of Drowning May Be Recov
ered This Morning.
ered This Morning.
A report was received at the Coroner's
office last evening that a body had been
seen floating in the surf near the Cliff
House, about 4 o'clock yesterday after
noon. The life-saving station had been
also notified, and they made every effort
to recover the body, but without suc
cess. The Morgue wagon was dispatched
to the Cliff House, but search for the re
mains was continued until this morning.
Many people claim to have seen the float
ing body.
It is a pleasure to be shaved and take a re
freshing bath at Valvo's shaving parlors, 523
Broadway; private entrance to baths. 'XZ *.'•"■
Robbed a Rancher.
Burglars entered the home of Pedro
Mozetti, a milk rancher on the old San
Bruno road near the Five-Mile House
some time between 1:30 and 8:30 o'clock
yesterday morning and carried off a mon
ey sack containing $230. The coin was
stowed away under Mozettl's bed and tho
burglars evidently knew it was hidden
there. ;■..-.-
910
Uneeda Uwanta
INtItLJJA UWAINIA
Cl TOP %<*__. SUIT
Ww PHAT ¥^? ' ■ ■-— -
iy? * • L/U/\ i ~Mi —
/a^L_\A-£ t-' ii *  v? We picture an irresist-
rtf^SS -^ that young man of IWMh .We picture an irresist~
j n^^Y For that young man of /10\^J .
liL im £^. ' / /I l!a%¥ ibly pretty little suit op-
' l^V^^lW?^^ / J\lmsf . posite for little chaps be-
N^^^tt^v^/ I vlw^^^^L tween the ages of 3 and
Reef and all other \-wok |TO^, 8 years, in pretty winter
I^^PT ff A sorts of winter coats Are mP^ ft colorings, reveres silk
£fi?|a I i out of Date' /^il%l Ml /flwc^ "5 pictured; Vest
fei^-^3 lj BvrtT JI^S-^^Eiil'll °^ same fabric; makes
lW^^^-__Aj-_JI nt +1. n- n x rallSiS^^ a smarts little suit for
»#'J::™i/ It's the op Coat now; '^tellffi^ « 7 . , , . 7
i^:':^:'^'-^BB____U/ i 7 7 it » 'S 'M « chaps of above - stated
fgy'MrJr ' '^fiS^wi v dressy chaps won't have \ 3&n3© '\(3l - /- 7 /
iSSK^twI^II J7. . 7 7 , /7 *H^SHP^«\Am ■ ases- $0-00 and $A.OO
>^i^l!^c:^V^B anything else but the \mmM ■ >ftv .' 7 ■ ' •;
fe^^f^^^S Toyo Coat. j^mwi IwJ MC,S* ■■ —
We picture one above in a pretty shade of tan, J JFIHI \> !^^^ v-v N o v
TFO picture one above in a pretty shade of tan. / 1 ■■''" » V; Nfc^
Herringbone weave ; also plain weave ; velvet col- — %^^-n^^^ UPP 151 1
raised welt seams ; ages 3to 15 years ; always V k/|/ vvl-tl I
$6.50. Special at 1 mm -*
$305 RAPHAEL'S Monday
[INCORPORATED]. .^
v , "^ 7 TAai Name Stands for PROGRESS. $1 C\ Q
J: o^ c<77? have a sample ' v*-/ I t^\
by mail if you want it. Cor. Kearny St. and Union Square Aye. !■<-/ \Jf
WILL ATTEMPT
TO ROUND THE
STORMY CAPE
Effort to Be Made in a
Thirty-Foot Sloop.
Thirty-Foot Sloop.
— ♦
A daring attempt to circumnavigate the i
globe in a 30-foot sloop la to be made by
Captain C. Baettge of this port. Several
men in small craft have successfully
made the voyage, but Baettge is forced
by the terms of his agreement to go
around the Horn to New York and thence
to Europe. He cannot go through the
Straits of Magellan, but must actually .
round the Horn ln his 30-foot boat, taking
his chances with the terrible weather that ,
prevails off the cape of storms.
Captain Baettge was born and brought
up on a ship and he has been afloat ln
every kind of craft from a dingey to a
man-of-war. He has been shipwrecked,
lost overboard, marooned on a desert
island, but never suffered serious injury
until I.e. broke his arm and collar-bone
on his sloop while repairing her on th©
Oakland mud flats.
Th. sloop that Captain Baettge Is going ■
to circumnavigate the ..rid ln Is well
known on the Bay of San Francisco as I
the Mabel. She is a ter board boat,
drawing three feet six inches of water. I
The rboard is of steel and weighs
3*6 pounds. With it down the boat draws
ten feet of water and the captain says
that no gale that ever blew could cap
size her. in December of last year Cap
tan Baettge ana Captain i»wbe-g were
out In the Mabel when it was blowing 100
miles an hour. They had a terrible time
of it, but the boat weathered tte storm
and came Into port after everybody had
[given them up for lost. Since then the ,
venturesome skipper has* been caught in
a number of gales, but in every case got
off with a ducking. Now he intends to go
home via i ape Horn and put the weath
erly qualities of his boat to the severest
kind of test.
X.. March next Captain Baettge will be
72 years old. He is a giant in stature ana j
has never known bat it is to be sic.
His seventy-third birthday he says he will
spend with his relatives in Holstein, Ger
many, and will have Been all the ports on
the Pacific and Atlantic coasts- of Amer
ica on his way home.
"I am never happy away from the sea."
said Captain Baettge yesterday. "I was
born on it and it' the fates so will I wou.d
like to die on it. Old ocean has been
kind to me and cradled me like a mother.
It is only when 1 am ashore that any
thing happens to me. Last May the
Mabel was damaged in a gale while tied
up at Folsom street wharf. I took her
over to the Oakland mud flats to repair
her and while at work on the deck she
keeled over and threw me on some rocks.
breaking my arm and collar-bone. I ani
now, in as good health as ever I was in
my life an.l, being footloose. Intend mak
ing a trip around the Horn In the Mabel.
My son-in-law, Charles Josewsky, is go
ing to manage the New California Hotel
for me and as soon as I can get all my
arrangements completed I will make a
start.
"I have got the Mabel at Howard street
wharf and after her overhauling there is
ADVERTISEMENTS.
dp © fetfi-ij-^p VO-iU&g ft
Bulletin about
GRIP
Changes every week.
Changes every week.'
The headlines "77" for Grip and "77"
for Colds are known to every newspa-
per reader, but the bulletin underneath
changes every week; it pays to watch
It for valuable hints on the treatment
and cure of Colds and Grip; tells how
to avoid taking Cold, how to check a
Cold at the beginning, how to "break
up" stubborn Colds that "hang on,"
how to fight Grip and .sustain the vi-
tality during an attack, coming out vig-
orous and strong; how "77" restores the
checked circulation (indicated by chill
or shiver), starts the blood coursing
through the veins and "breaks up" a
Cold.
For sale by all druggists, or sent on receipt
of price, 25c and $1 00.
Humphreys' Homeopathic Medicine Co., cor-
net William and Joba sts.. New Tork.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CAPTAIN CHARLES BAETTGE.
not a better boat in the bay. After leav
ing here 1 will make my way leisurely
"down the coast, stopping at nearly every
port in Central and South America I
have bet $5000 that I will round the Horn,
and I'll do it sure as you're alive. By
keeping close inshore I will escape the
storms that are always blowing there and
at the same time will make good progress.
On the run to New York I will repeat my
tactics in the Paciflc and will stop at all
ports of call and in that way will get
supplies of fresh provisions and keep my
self in touch with the world. Never you
fear, the Mabel and I will make the jour
ney, and I will spend mv seventy-third
birthday with my relatives in the" house
where my father was born."
Captain Baettge expects to have the
Mabel provisioned and ready to sail about
the middle of next month.
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure. One dose -will stop
a cough. Never falls. Try It. 2.'c. All druggists.*
RESENT ASPERSIONS
ON MR. FOOTE
Clients Object to Adverse Ref-
r. erenc s to Their
Attorney.
To the Editor of The Call— Sir: From
time to time of late have appeared in tne
newspapers references to Hon. W. W.
Foote and his conduct and management
of our interests ln the Garcelon or Merritt
litigation.
It is doubtless unnecessary, but under
the circumstance lt surely is not improper
for us to say that during that period we
were men of adult years, not children;
that we were fully advised by Mr. F.xite
Of all that was under consideration; that
we understood to the minutest detail the
terms and conditions of the compromise
agreement which avoided the necessity of
litigation; that we knew before the settle
ment the compensation which he was to
receive and which was well earned; and,
finally, that now after the lapse of Dearly
nine years. since the settlement we have,
as we have always had. nothing but a
feeling of the warmest gratitude and
friendship for Mr. Foote for the ability as
well as for the loyalty and fidelity to our
interests with which he conducted our af
fairs and concluded the business.
It should he needless to add that this is
given to the public without any knowledge
of, er suggestion from. Mr. Foote.
Dated October 28, 1889.
F. A. MERRITT.
J. P. MERRITT.
A New Oil Company.
Articles of Incorporation of the Ster
ling Oil and Development Company
were filed yesterday. The capital stock
of the company is 250,000 shares at the
par value of $1 each, with $150,000 sub
scribed. The following Is a list of di
rectors:
William S. . Gage, capitalist of San
Francisco,' Cjal. ..."A- Xu'.Zj'ZXl
John A. Bunting, San Francisco,
Cal., president San Joaquin Oil and De
velopment Company.
. J. C. Hampton, San . Francisco, Cal.,
vice president Paciflc Lumber Com
pany.
N. K. Masten, San Francisco, Cal.,
financial agent S. P. Company; and H.
H. Blood. •
Tlie property of the company consists
of 160 acres, being the northeast quar
ter of section 31, township 28 south,
range 28 east, and is In the center of
the Kern River District of flowing
wells.
Music at the Park.
"On Concert PoU Bois" .Maye
Suite of Concert Waltzes... McCoy
Fantasia from "Roberto II .Meyerbeer
"Dervish Song" ........Sebek
Descriptive, "The Gold Beetle's Soiree" . .Kline
Grand March. "The Queen of Sheba"... Gounod
Barytone solo W,. H. Colverd
Scenes frem "Pagliaccl" Leoncovallo
Drinking. song from "Cavalleria Rusticana"..
'••'•• Mascagni
Turkish march, "The Ruin of Athens" (by
request) ........Beethoven
Ladles' tailor-made suits, fur capes, cloak*.
Credit.* M. Rothschild. 314 Post at. «
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 29. 1899.
LATEST WINE
DEAL BREAKS
ALL RECORDS
Three Million Gallons
Involved.
During the last three weeks there has
I been more activity in the wine business
i than for many years and shippers and
' cellar men have been working night and
day. The deal that started matters go
■ ing was the purchase by the principal deal
| ers of three million gallons of merchant
! able wine from the California Wine-
makers' Corporation. This sale grew out
of the fact that the corporation *found it
necessary to go out of business owing to
the refusal of the producers to sign new
contracts tc sell wine to the corporation
for the next five years.
On top of this deal came the announce
ment of the Southern Pacific Company
that the rate on wines in wood -ould be
advanced from 45 to 75 cents per hundred
pounds to principal Eastern points. In
order to save this difference in freight
the Eastern buyers and the merchants of
this State became decidedly active and
the result was that ln the short space of
three weeks there was shipped from Cali
fornia the enormous quantity of three
million gallons of the juice of the grape.
In other words about a thousand car-
loads of wine have been sent to the
thirsty Easterners ln that period, and if
all those cars were put in one train they
I would cover between seven and eight
miles of track.
The best feature of the situation is the
I fact that this product of the vineyards
: brought good prices and put hundreds of
thousands of dollars of extra money in
circulation In this State.
The wine that was purchased from the
Wine-makers' Corporation went into
strong hands and the consequence ls that
prices are high and steadily advancing.
At the same time the coopers have been
and are enjoying all kinds of prosperity
and wine men are experiencing .-Teat dif
ficulty* in obtaining necessary cooperage.
| Jobbers say that the outlook for the in
dustry is remarkaby encouraging and that
1 their future prosperity seems to be as
' sured. *'--'*" '*' ""■■*'■-'. ;'-..
HOME FOR MEN AND BOYS.
Bey. W. I. Kip Extends Aid to
Worthy Fellow Beings Who
Worthy Fellow Beings Who
Seek Shelter.
Seek Shelter.
There ls attached to the Good Samari
i tan Church on Second street an institu
tion in which well behaved men can find
a superior home for a less amount of
money than at any of the many lodging
houses in th*/ city, In addition to this
the home has been prepared especially for
the reception of boys who have arrived
at the age of 14 and over and who huve
been inmates of orphan asylums. In this
home the boys are taken and provided
with superior board and lodging for a
limited proportion of tneir earnings.
Boys taken into the Armitage Home
from the orphanages are generally pro
> vided with employment in some of the
various branches of industries in this city,
and In order to preserve them from the
! many evil Influences besetting the path
way of the young when thrown in con
i tact with men and boys who have not re
ceived a moral training the home on Sec
ond street is guarded by all of the moral
i Influences of a well regulated home.
The church of the Good Samaritan, as
conducted by Rev. W. I. Kip, on the south
of the slot, has, been so productive of
good that the idea occurred to him to add
to its usefulness by renting the large
three-story building on the corner of Sec
ond and Folsom streets as a home for the
overflow of the orphanages of this city
and suburbs. Into this the boys from the
Armitage were removed last July to tho
number of • twenty-five and placed under
the supervision of Superintendent J. C.
Astrado and his wife, who acts as matron
jof the home. The whole institution 19
under a board of directors composed of
Rev. W. I. Kip, Rev. John ; Emery and
Major W. B. Hooper, with an auxiliary
board of ladles consisting of Mrs. A. N.
Drown, Mrs. George H. Buckingham, Mrs.
A. M. Lawler, Mrs. R. B. Sanchez, Mrs.
George H. Baker, Miss Alice Garber,
Mrs. G. H. Kellogg, Mrs. Dr. G. B. Buck-
nail, Mrs. Henry Euler, Mrs. George Reed
and Mrs. D. L. Kelly. The home has ac-
commodation for over one hundred boys,
ln addition to about thirty men, who are
already snugly housed in the comfortable
quarters.
It is the desire of Rev. Mr. Klp to have
! an evening school established ln the homo
in the near future, at which. In addition
to the/ ordinary branches of education
necessary for practical business men,
there may be provided also a mechanical
training for such of the boys as are en-
gaged in that line. :-*. ■ .---■•■.'
Western Addition Club.
An adjourned meeting of the Western
Addition Improvement Club was held last
night at Franklin Hall on Fillmore street.
The club supported the proposed issue
of bonds for improvements, including the
erection of the new Lowell High School,
new hospital and the extension of the
park panhandle. Dr. Charles V. Cross,
the active and energetic president, re
signed, much to the regret of the club
members. He stated that having been
burned out he was forced to locate in the
Columbia building and consequently
would be unable to remain as president,
but would at all times aid the club in se
curing for the Western Addition such
necessary improvements as its residents
needed.
DINNER TO D. C. GILMAN.
Members of the Johns Hopkins
Alumni Compliment Their
President. .
Twenty members of the alumni of
Johns Hopkins University met together
at a little dinner at the California last
evening to do honor to President Daniel
C. Gilman.
At a circular table adorned with rare
flowers and loaded with the choicest ef
forts of the chefs art the guests assem
bled and passed away the hours In pleas
ant intercourse and college-day reminis
cences.
Dr. A. T. Murray acted as toastmaster,
and when the proper moment arrived he
called upon the following gentlemen, who
arose and said each in turn something
complimentary of the distinguished guest
of the evening: Dr. Murray, Director
Keeler of the Lick Observatory and
Charles Shinn. ,
When these gentlemen had concluded
President Gilman arose and in a speech
replete with wit and humor recalled many
an episode of the- days when his hosts
were boys together in the same institu
tion of learning.
$10.00 Cash Prize.
For best K-llne advertisement for Baldwin's
Celery Soda, the new headache remedy. Com
petition open to all. Limit, Dec. 1. Address
Ferry Drug Co., * Market St., San Francisco.
Hother Wismer Concert.
On Tuesday evening next Hother Wls
mer, the talented California violinist, will
give a concert In Sherman, Clay & Co.'s
Hall. He will be assisted by Mrs. Alfred
Abbey, soprano; Mrs. Mathilde Wlsmer,
mezzo soprano; Armand Solomon, vlo.'ln
lst, and Fred Maurer, pianist. ... .:, v
Trapper's OH cures rheumatism & neuralgia.
Druggists, 50c flask. Richards & Co. 406 Clay.
There isn't enough meat on some argu
ments to make an Intellectual bite. *
Opening
Announcement
Wednesday November ist
Wednesday November ist
You are invited to attend our general opening
on November ist, 2nd and 3rd.
For the convenience of our customers we
have largely increased our store accommodations
and now occupy four floors, the second of
which is devoted to our celebrated art depart-
ment, lace curtains and draperies ;• the third to
corsets, muslin underwear, skirts, waists,
shawls, sweaters, bathing and bicycle suits.
The floors are easily reached by a new electric
elevator equipped with all the latest safety
improvements.
The.'stock surpasses that of .any former-year
in size and variety.  Our greatest efforts have
been directed toward making this season's
display worthy of your inspection.
129 Kearny St.
KANSAS BOYS
MUSTERED OUT
OF THE ARMY
Funston's Heroes Quit
Soldier Life.
DEPART FOR HOME TO-DAY
TENNESSEE VOLUNTEERS ARE
NEXT TO ARRIVE.
Forty-Fifth Regiment Arrives at the
Presidio ßemaining Companies
of the Thirty-First Leave
for Philippines. ,
The Twentieth Kansas Volunteers were
mustered out and paid. off yesterday after^
noon, and at 11 o'clock to-day the flrst sec
tion of the special train that is to convey
them to Topeka will leave the Oakland
mole, to be followed an hour later by the
second section. Previous to receiving
their discharges the Kansas boys were
addressed by Colonel Metcalf. who praised
their services in the field and urged them
to maintain their reputations ln civil life.
and when he had finished he was given
three hearty cheers.
The Washington and lowa regiments
will be mustered out next- Wednesday,
and the latter, will leave. for home imme
diately. The Washington. boys will leave
for the north Thursday afternoon.
. The Tennessee regiment, the last of the
original volunteer regiments, is the next
to arrive, and by Christmas all the volun
teers who fought in the Spanish war will
be enjoying the comforts of home life.
The remaining eight companies cf the
Thirty-first Regiment, under the com
mand of Colonel J. G. Pettit, and 125 re
cruits under the command of Captain W.
N. Hughes of the Thirteenth Infantry,
sailed last night for Manila on the trans
port City of Peking. The Centennial
sailed during the afternoon for Honolulu
with a cargo of horses. She will, upon dis
charging her cargo at Honolulu, take on
board a consignment of horses that havo
been in the islands several weeks to be
come acclimated, and continue on to Ma
nila.
The Forty-fifth Regiment arrived at the
Presidio Friday evening and joined the
Forty-sixth and Thirty-eighth in the vol
unteer camp. *---X'xyX-.:~ :.--'.
The Forty-sixth Infantry, Colonel
Schuyler commanding, will, according to
the present programme, sail for Manila on
the Senator and Ben More on the 3d of
November; the Thirty-eighth. Colonel An
derson commanding, is scheduled to sail
on the City of Sydney and the Pathan, to
go on the sth, and the Forty-fifth will sail
on the Hancock about November 6.
FREIGHT BATES INCREASED.
Transcontinental Lines Combine
to Tax the Merchants.
The merchants of the Pacific. Coast and,
In' fact, the merchants of the entire coun
try doing business with Oriental points
will shortly be treated to a surprise that
will be anything but pleasant in Its char
acter. All the great transcontinental lines
have decided to raise their freight rates
on commodities destined for markets
across the Pacific. This raise will aver
age about 25 per cent and will effect prac
tically every marketable product of the
country except cotton, which will remain
at the rate to which it has heretofore
been subjected. • *■ '-- . % ,.-,■ *> .*■.-.. ■ ;
The new rates are from Missouri River
points to all points in the Orient and will
be adopted by the following railroad lines
and their steamship connections: Cana
dian Pacific in connection with the boats
of their own line; Great Northern road in
connection with the Nippon Yusen Kal
sha Steamship Company; Northern Pa
cific In connection with Its own vessels; I
Oregon Railway and Navigation Com
pany In connection with chartered bot
toms; Santa Fe in connection with the
California and Oriental Company, and the
Southern Pacific In connection with the
Paciflc Mail and O. and O. companies.
SOMETHING NEW IN OIL.
The Petroleum Center Oil Company,
with offices third floor, Mills building,
room 29, has made a radical departure
from the methods adopted .by most oil
companies. Heretofore it has been the
custom to sell -stock to obtain money to
look for oil, but this company first found
their oil by sinking test wells and proving
their lands to be In the true oil belt, thus
removing their shares from the domain of
wildcat speculation. Such companies are
a welcome addition to the oil Interests of
the State and help to establish the indus
try on a firm basis. It Is predicted for
them success, as they have sunk three
test wells and struck oil at a depth of 102
feet, striking the same heavy deposit as
found ln the famous Elwood well. •
Newhouse in Court.
Oscar Newhouse, mining engineer, ar
rested on the complaint of J. E. Doolittle
on a charge of forgery, appeared in Judge
Conlan's court yesterday morning. He
asked the Judge not to arraign him till
his attorney, Garret W. McEnerney, ap
peared, and by consent the case was con
tinued till Wednesday morning.
AD VERTISEMENT S.
NEW
TAFFETA
SILKS.
On MONDAY, October 30th, we will
On MONDAY, October 30th, we wtll
place on sale 250 pieces PLAIN
COLORED TAFFETA SILKS.
Price QKp V .
i llutJ M^lP y j
The above Silks are all In the newest shades,
are extra heavy aualltu and are undoubtedly
the best values we have ever offered.
NOTE.
We will also have on sale this week a
Magnificent Assortment of Ladies' Colored
and Black Silk TAFFETA SKIRTS in new
colorings and stules.
SEE OUR DISPLAY OF ABOVE GOODS.
Hi. 113. 115., 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
I THINK OF IT! 1
|NO PAIN:- I
vn PAIN-— 1
[l TVj^ i jTjLjLI S • jg
i 1
~* tO YEARS' GUARANTEE ON ALL WORK. m£
/O rEAfiS' GUARANTEE ON ALL WORK. X*
<2J EVENINGS until 9. Sundays *S
EVENINGS until 8. Sundays *5
I "VAN VROOM" |
■^nj^ less extractions free..» 4.00 up "VAN VROOM" TS>,
less extractions free..s4.oo up ""Js*
•t^S Gold Crowns. 22-k 3.5() up .«..«.»» >« _ „' „ _ *~b*»
H5 Finings 25c up 997 Market St., Corner Sixth. •£
•^S Teeth Without Plates Our «.«.«.—. , _ s=*
-5 Specialty. We give gaa. GEO. W. KLEISER, D.D.S. jg
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
CASH-OR-LITTLE-AT-A-TIME.
Save Money on Your Bar Outfits.
Save Money on Yonr Bar Outfits.
We sell them for less money than any other concern on the
We sell them for less money than any other concern on the
coast. We make them ourselves and guarantee them to be supe-
rior. All fitted throughout with nickel trimmings, the counter tops
and rails being of either walnut or oak, to suit the rest of the outfit.
THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE CO.
THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE CO.
✓INC.),
1017-1023 MISSION STREET, Above Sixth
PHONE SOUTH 11 _ opEN EVE;;IXGB.
Tight=!oose
Eye^Glasses,
Eye=Glasses,
A new kind that stay on tight, but feel loose,
without falling or tilting. *
New patterns opera glasses arriving dally.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Quick repair-
ing. Factory on premises. Phone. Main 10.
o.ws;y^=v
OPT.CIANS^^PHIC^AIUJ.
642 Mark St. instruments
tMatR Cno.iec^t Bue.D'ns,
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE, INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
_ The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic lor the Sexual Organs of both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on its own Merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
323 Market street.' S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
THE CALIFORNIA COLLEGE OF DENTAL
SURGERY
WILL OPEN for the admission of students
MONDAY, October 23.
For farther particulars address
8. W. DENNIS. M.D.. D.D.S.. Dean.
416 Parrott building.
or
GILBERT M. BARRETT. A.M., M.D., Seo-
retary, 1121 Sutter iUPages 11 to 20
BIG GRIDIRON BATTLES EAST AND WESE
palo /Alto
Babies
U/in.
■ a
Blue ai?d Cold
<?olts Jajt^
Defeat.
Stanford 6, California 0.
f^rqHE ball isn't over," shouted a Cal
ifornia freshman with a coating of
blue and gold colors.
J^ "It's a touchdown," yelled his
'**' Stanford antagonist.
The referee sided with the latter, and
now the freshmen of the Palo Alto Uni
versity are three shades more joyous than
their crimson colors; the Californians are
blue without the goid relief.
Stanford won the game by a single
touchdown secured after the hardest kind
of a plugging line flght not more than five
roinut-ss before the game ended. Every
California student inside the grounds said
that the touchdown was not made, but
counterbalancing this purely *|ne-sided
asseveration was an equally positive as
sertion from the Stanford contingent that
the goal had been reached by the red
shirt-ed colts. It took the referee five
minutes to clear the crowd oft the field,
for the youngsters in their wild and un
restrained enthusiasm broke ■ all bounds
ar.d rushed upon the gridiron. He came
lo the conclusion that the touchdown was
a reality, and so the .Stanford freshmen
won the game.
It was a hard-won victory and brought
out a gritty defense from the Califor
nians. One foot from the goal line Stan
ford tried to force victory through Cali
fornia's line. The. cardinal colts, still in
the gristle of athletic manhood, hurled
themselves against their opponents, but
no gain resulted. A second time they
tried. Roberts had the ball. 11. *• was
partially over the line, but liko a locomo
tive, end on, the entire California team
caught him in the middle and he went
down to earth with his face toward his
own goal. Another fierce rush followed,
but tbe California line did not waver.
Vi'ben the twenty-two football players
were untied Smith of Stanford was found
hugging the ball on the lime line that
ei.ds the gridiron. Victory was won, but
the spectators were not apprised of it un
til some minutes later, and then the car
PRINCETON
OUTPLACYED
BY CORNELL
Young's Goal From the Field
Gives the Victory to
His Team.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Cornell 5, Princeton O.
ITHACA, N. V., Oct. 28.— 1n one of the
finest football battles that Cornell has
ever waged against an opposing eleven
she wrested victory from Princeton on
Percy Field to-day by a score of 5 to 0.
Through the two 20-minute halves, which
were repeatedly interrupted by various
players succumbing to the strain of the
fierce work, the teams struggled, with the
odds slightly in favor of Cornell. Prince
ton was outplayed, both in defensive and
offensive work, and as the game pro
gressed Cornell seemed to let out a great
reserve force, which was productive of
telling work. In punting, which was re
sorted to freely by both elevens. Captain
Starbu>ck held out well, and toward the
latter part of the contest he was out
punting Wheeler. In catching punts for
runs or kicking Walbridge and Young ex
celled and seldom lost even a yard on a
fumble. Princeton, on the contrary, was
weak in this respect.
The great feature of the game was
Toung's goal from the field, which won
the contest for Cornell. It was made in
the last few minutes of play, just at the
time when it looked as if the game would
be a tie. The attendance was 8000. Line
up:
Ccr-nell. Position. Princeton..
Pa vail and
Wll.von Left end Palmer
Folger Left tackle Pell
Mills and
Warner Left guard Dana
Lezey, Booth and
Plerson ....Center Mitchell
Caldwell Right guard.. Edwards (cap.)
■Alf-xander Right tackle Hlllebrand
Taussig and
CrosH Right end p. ■*•
Toung Quarterback Hutchins
Walbridge and
Otis Left halfback McCord
Kafer and
Morrison Right halfback Reiter
Starbuck (cap.-) and ..*..„ ;-.'. Wheeler and
Bryant ....' ... Fullback Mattls
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.
PThe first Association football match of
c season was played yesterday on the |
Presidio athletic grounds between a team [
representing the Vampire Club and an
eleven of British apprentices. Of the lat- !
ter Thompson and Taylor are of the ship I
Silberhorn; Smith and Tittle of the Pytho
mene; Gee and Clarke of the Austrasla;
O'Connell and* Woods of the South Port
land, and Boylen of the Gifford. The hall
was kicked off at 3:30 p. m.. the- tailors
winning the toss and choosing the south
ern goal. After some even play Sim
monds of the Vampires scored from a I
pass from the right wing and a little
later again from center. No more goals
were obtained',! in the first half. In the
second half Simmonds scored from a pass
from !'*ft wing and again from a penalty
kick granted. on account of a sailor Ling !
the ball within the 12-yard line. The sail- !
ors made vigorous efforts, twice kicking
over the bar. Both teams showed lack !
of practice and want of condition. The i
most prominent players on the sailors'
aide were the Rev. H. W. L*. O'Rourke, '
STANFORD FRESHMEN WIN BY A TOUCHDOWN.
dinal banners fluttered in the wind and
the Stanford band played something in
spiring.
This season's freshmen football contest
was the most Interesting played since
their inception. The long stand on the
west end of tne Sixteenth and Folsom
street grounds was packed with col
legians and lovers of the gridiron game.
On the south end of the stand Califor
nia's adherents, beribboned with blue and
gold, kept up an Incessant shouting of all
cries peculiarly Californian. The blue and
gold band was there also and loaned Its
quota of noise. Divided by a line Stan
ford's supporters, all in red and led by
their own band, produced just as much
racket and Indulged in an equal variety
of ululations. The crowd was by far the
largest seen at a freshman game, and it
Was also the noisiest.
The game was scheduled for 3 o'clock,
but it was a full hour after before the
■ Thompson, Boylen, Taylor and Fulton* i
c for the Vampires Simmonds. wood Mc-
Gaw, Williamson, White and Chambers. i
Mr. Petherick officiated as umpire. The I
sailors eleven was captained by the Rev. I
H. W. L. O'Rourke. who formerly played
for the Old Etonians. Simmonds and
Williamson did especially good work for
, the winners. The line-up was as follows:
Mercantile j
vampires. Positions. Marine.
Bird Goalkeeper Fulton i
! McGaw Back Thompson
Robertson Back O'Rourke '
Selwood Half back Smith
Baugh Half back Bovlen
Holland Half back Taylor
"Williamson Forward Clarke
White Forward Tittle j
; Simmonds Forward Gee I
Caaldy Forward O'Connell j
Chambers : Forward Woods j
ACADEMIC FOOTBALL.
Lick School Defeated the Tar
n Team by a Large
Score.
The game at San Rafael yesterday be
tween the Lick and Tamalpais teams re
sulted in a victory for the Lick team, the
final score being 17 to 0. This is the
largest score that has been made against
Tamalpais this season. Lick has a very
strong team and is likely to give Belmont
a very close rub for the Academic trophy.
| For Tamalpais Captain Bair, Templeton
! and Sheehy played good ball. Minor,
j while he lasted, was very strong on the
I line. He retired at the end of the first
half on account of a badly bruised shoul- ;
' der.
The Lick team played an excellent
game. Its fine teamwork resulted in
steady gains. Kaeding was the star for
Lick, making two of the three touch- j
; downs. Kelsey played an able second,
making splendid gains by his long punts,
one of wnich covered fifty-five yards.
The Lick line was very strong, standing
like a wall against the masses on tackle
that Tamalpais hurled against it. Lick
has a great pair of tackles and the ends —
Moss and Edwards— played excellent ball, !
getting down on Kelsey's long punts very
rapidly. The line-up was as follows:
C. S. M. A. (Lick). Positions. M. T. M. A. j
Edwards.... R— End— L Captain Blair
Heitmuller R— Tackle— L Minor and
Campbell
Fleck .R— Guard— Bancroft
Percy Center Putnam
Kerr Guard— N'eble
Pond and Miller.. L— Tackle— R....F. Templeton I
Moss L— End— R Pheehy
Forward Quarter Gutierrez
Kaeding L— Halfback— R Coffin
Kern R— Halfback— L Ellinwood i
Kelsey (captain)... Full 4J. Templeton i
Officials: Referee. J. D. Hubbard; umpires, i
Clayburg and Templeton; timekeepers. Hollis I
and Hall; linesmen, Barnwell and Monaghan.
Lick will play off a tie game with
Lick will play oif a tie game with
Lowell this week for the championship
of the San Francisco Sub-League. The j
game promises to be an exciting one.
Denver 46, Ogden 0.
DENVER, Oct. 28.— Denver wheel
club eleven defeated the team from. Og
den, Utah, this afternoon by a score of 46
to 0. The game was played in 25-minute
halves. The Wheel Club team had the
advantage In weight, being heavier man
for man, with the exception of the center.
However, the Wheel Club had but little
advantage in bucking and holding the
line. -
Reno 11, Santa Clara 6.
RENO, Oct. 28.— University, of Ne
vada football team won a victory over, the
Santa Clara eleven this afternoon , by a
score of 11 to 6. Nevada Is showing bet
ter on the gridiron than ever before, and
stands ready to challenge the flrst elevens
of Stanford and Berkeley, and the latter
will have to look to their, laurels If they
keep the ball in their own territory. -
SAX FBANCIHCO, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 29, 1899.
whistle blew that turned one team into
the other. Stanford, ln forwarding the
names of the candidates who were to play
on the team to the California manage-
ment, omitted Johns and Narramore. To
furnish the . names of all the players
Is a custom and a law ln all collegiate
engagements, so the blue and gold man
agers refused to allow Johns and Nar
ramore to play. Much talk ensued, Stan
ford finally conceding California's de
mands and Lee and Parker played in the
places of the objected to men.
Valentine, California's fullback, opened
the contest by a kick-off to Stanford's
flve-yard line. Every one on the field was
as nervous as a cat and Parker, who tried
to catch the ball, fumbled in his excite
ment, but he regained the leather and
made fifteen yards before California's
colts shook off their nervous sleep. Wu.i
a dash here, a rush there, a plunge and
a buck, Stanford's freshmen wrought gaps
CHICAGO
TIES WITH
QUAKERS
A More Desperate Struggle
Seldom Seen on a Foot-
ball Field.
ball Field.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Chicago 5, Pennsylvania 5.
CHICAGO, Oct. 28.— football eleven
' of the University of Pennsylvania barely
• escaped defeat at the hands of the Uni
! versity of Chicago eleven in a game in
which more desperate playing has sel
dom been seen. The final score was a
'■ tie, both sides scoring a touchdown ln
i the second half, and neither kicklns- a
goal. Total, 5 to 5. Better football, so far
, as clean, .snappy playing ls concerned, has
been seen in the two or three* games here
this season, but for sheer gameness, for
rallies when to yield the least bit would
result in a touchdown and for situations
: tending to produce heart disease, the
game was certainly remarkable.
Five times the Chicago elevent had op-
portunities to score— twice by place kick
i ing with the ball in a favorable position
'. and three times getting the pigskin inside
, of Pennsylvania's 6-yard line. But only
once were the Maroons able to get the
; ball over the goal line and that was done
i when it Eeemed almost a certainty.
Through poor generalship on the part
j of Captain Kennedy of Chicago in at
tempting to send Slaker through Perm-
sylvania left guard he lost the ball for
Chicago on downs when It was within two
yards of the goal line In the second half,
■ and when, finally, a few moments later
Wellington was pushed over for the tie
; ing touchdown, the Chicago captain
missed an easy goal.
It was his attempt at a fake kick, too,
that ultimately resulted in Pennsylvania's
score, Kennedy dropping the ball when
tackled and Pennsylvania securing it on
Chicago's 48-yard line. With Chicago's
! goal line ln sight Pennsylvania's big
guards tore the Maroon line to pieces and
Davidson was finally pushed over. But
Chicago's goal line was not again in
■ danger.
Early in the first half Chicago discov
-1 ered that Pennsylvania's left end was
| weak and time and time again Hamlll and
I Wellington got around for substantial
: gains. But with the ball within a --ard
! of the goal line Pennsylvania made* the
most desperate stand of the game. Three
| times the line held, and when the mass
i of players untangled after the last down
j the ball was still a foot from the line.
Coombs an instant later punted out of
danger, and when time was called the
ball was on Chicago's 45-yard line.
Chicago's all around playing Was supe
rior to that of the Quakers. The latter
were utterly unable to get around the
Maroons' end, and In the first half were
frequently held for down even when using
the dreaded guards' back play, which has
brought victory to the, red and blue in
i many games. In the second half, how
| ever, the awful hammering told severely
| in the Chicago forwards, and during the
second series of plays which resulted In
I Pennsylvania's touchdown they • were
I played off their feet. Most of the time
I during, the second half the ball was well
within Pennsylvania's territory, and only
■ the fiercest kind of playing. by the well
I nigh exhausted Quakers saved them from
defeat.
Notwithstanding the fact that rain had
been falling steadily since morning, the
gridiron at Marshall field was In fair con
dition. • Frequent applications of sawdust
in the California line, advancing just
enough distance to retain possession of
th© ball. Through the tackles and the
center came the cardinal chargers. Cham
berlain on the side lines was feeling very
happy, but not so with Cochran and
Kelly. Yard by yard the blue and gold
colts receded toward their own goal.
Stanford had struck its winning pace and
with slow persistence . every minute
brought the team nearer the coveted goal.
To the California thirty-yard line the red
shirts advanced and then the accident
happened. It came in the shape of a fum
ble, and when the pile of squirming ath
letes was disentangled a California athlete
was nestling the pigskin.
Loud was the cheering and the braying
of brass instruments from the blue and
gold section. ZjyXyZ22_:^-yi..-._y- .-a;
Fearful to attempt offensive play within
the reach of his own goal Valentine punt
ed the pigskin to the Stanford forty-yard
kept the field from becoming soft. A
crowd of fully 6000 enthusiasts witnessed
the struggle, Including several hundred
rooters for the red and blue of Pennsyl
vania, and the latter team did not lack
encouragement so. far as cheering was
concerned. The line-up:
Pennsylvania. Position. Chicago.
Coombs Right end Cassells
Wallace Right tackle Webb
Teas Right guard Ahlswede
Overfleld Center Speed
Hare Left guard Flanegan
Snover Left tackle Fell
Potter ....'. Left end Henry
Outland Quarterback Kenny
McCracken Right guard Handle
Kennedy Left half Wellington
Davidson Fullback Slaker
Umpire— H. F. Williams of Tale.
Referee; — R. D. Wrenn of Harvard.
CENTERVILLE WINS.
Defeats the Berkeley High School
Football Team Upon the Uni
versity Gridiron.
BERKELEY. Oct. 28.— The football team
of the Centerville High School lined up
against the Berkeley High School this
morning upon the University of Califor
nia gridiron. The home team was in no
sense a match for its opponents. From
the start the game proved one-sided.
Centerville played with a snap and pre
cision against which the Berkeley boys
could do nothing. Three times during the
flrst half did the ball go over the line
for a touchdown, and when the second
half was called Berkeley gave up the
game in Centervllle's favor. The score
stood 16 to 0. The two teams lined up as
follows:
Berkeley. Position. Centerville.
Berkeley. Position. Centerville.
McCoy Center G. Kraft
Plummer.... .......Right guard Cummings
Haas Left guard Tyson
Pond.... ......Right tackle Jeffries
Spencer Left tackle O. Kraft
Hoffman Right end ....Rose
Abbott Left end ...Bush
Skinner Quarter Huglll
Lyons Right half ........Whipple
Wells Left half.. ....Sals
Volz Fullback..... Patterson
Lowell defeated the Polytechnic High
School football team at the Sixteenth and
Folsom-street grounds on Friday. Both
teams played an excellent -ame. The
score was 6 to 10 in favor of Lowell. This
puts the Polytechnics out of the tourna
ment, while Lowell will be in the semi
finals. _
St. Matthews 35, San Jose Normal 12.
SAN JOSE. Oct. After tying the
University of California and the Stanford
freshmen the St. Matthews football team
went down -to defeat before the Normal
School players to-day, the score standing
35 to 12. -X,<y-X
* » ♦ .
Cogswell Polytechnic 17, Tamal-
pais 0.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 28.— The Tamalpais
Military Academy football team was de
feated in a one-sided game to-day by the
Cogswell Polytechnic School eleven, the
score standing 17 to 0. This bars the
Academy team from contesting for the
academic trophy.
Indians Leave the Field.
LAWRENCE, Kans., Oct. : 28.— Kansas
University defeated the Haskell Institute
Indians at football here to-day. In the
second half, with the score 18 to 0 In favor
of Kansas, Umpire Oatman put the In
dian Harris out of the game for slugging,
whereupon the Indians left the field, r
Hurt in a Football Game.
. LA CROSSE. Wis., Oct. 28.— Herbert
Cole of the sophomores 'at the LaC rosse
High' School, aged 18 years, was probably
fatally hurt in a football game to-day in
Winona, Minn., his. skull being fractured.
Several doctors pronounce hia case hope
less. ■-- *-'.*■• '■" :"* - •" ' ; *;•-•" ■"*■*" .*■'-'
line. Again the ball became red and the
cardinal host renewed the onslaught
against the California line. The tackles
were hammered as if an anvil chorus
were at work for a prize. The center was
smashed and the ends were circled.
Nearer and nearer came the cardinal front
to the California goal and noisier and
noisier became the Stanford contingent
on the bleachers. But this time it was
not an accident that stopped the Stan
ford advance. On the thirty-yard line the
California freshmen gummed their line
and stuck fast. Thf Ice they, were assailed
by the Stanford backs and thrice did they
beat back the attack. It was the flrst
time that California's defense proved
operative and successful.
Then the fortunes of war changed. A
long punt by Valentine and a fumble by
a redshlrt gave California the pigskin
at the center of the field. Another punt
followed and when Stanford regained pos
HARVARD
DEFEATS
CARLISLE
Indians Succeed in Scoring
Ten Points Against
the Crimson
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Harvard 22, Carlisle 10.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Oct. 28.— While
Harvard had no difficulty in disposing of
the famous Carlisle Indian eleven this
afternoon on Soldiers' field, the crimson
players were unable to keep little Hud
son from kicking his customary goal from
the field, and a wretched muff by Girasch
early in the game, followed by a quick
pickup by Red Water, who ran fifty yards
for a touchdown, gave the visitors five
more points, making the final score 22
to 10. '.-.'?'.;
There was bad fumbling by the Harvard
backs at times and during the latter part
of the game the Indians, discovering a
weak spot in the crimson line, hammered
there for steady gains until the thirty
yard line was reached. After two downs
without result Hudson drove the ball be
tween the goal posts.
The little Indian quarter-back, however,
did not have all the kicking honors to
himself, for Burnett made a fine goal trom
a place kick on the Indians' fifty-yard line
and Hallowell's punting was almost as
gcod as Haughton's last year.
The entire Harvard eleven played with
a snap and dash that carried the 12,000
people almost off their feet with enthusi
asm. "'''t^M^WifyWiw^raiTl
Scarcely a Harvard man was injured
during the entire game. On the other hand
a' number of the Indians were sadly bat
tered. Wheelock was carried from the
field and to-nigh Is still. in a serious con
dition. His injuries apparently resulted
from a blow about the head.
Until the last part of the second half
Harvard's new defense worked well and
had no trouble in keeping the ball in the
Indians' territory. As the Harvard score
mounted, however, Captain Burden deter
mined to give the substitutes a chance.
Accordingly he called in Eaton and Swain
as tackles, and also a new trio of backs-
Parker, Warren and Reid. Then the In
dians began to play. They attacked Har
vard's line with a. fury that the substi
tutes could not meet and slowly pushed
the ball down the field. A mass play just
outside of tackle was the effective for
mation and Swain especially seemed pow
erless to stop it.
On. every exchange of punts Harvard
gained, partly due to the great superior
ity of Hallowell over Miller and to tne
brilliant work of Daly, who Invariably
ran Miller's punts back ten yards before
being downed. The line-up:
Harvard. . ■ Position. . Indians.
Campbell Left end............. Rogers
Donald and * WTieelock and
Swain Left tackle Pierce
A. Sargent ........ Left guard....... Red .Water
Burnett ."..Center.... Smith
Burden ...Right guard. Scott*
Lawrence and -
Eaton ....... ......Right tackle -.Seneca
Howell Right end Rickets
Daly ..* ....Quarterback. Hudson
Glrash and ' * • •■: '
Parker -.....' Left back Metoxen
Kendall and Miller and
Warren ; ....... . Right halfback ........ .Johnson
Ellis and ' ■'. Pierce and
Reid ...Fu11back............... Miller
Fighters Matched.
r "Rufe" Turner of Stockton and
' "Sammy" Maxwell : signed articles last
Pages 11 to 20
session of the pigskin it resorted to the
kicking game also. Punt followed punt j
on either side and when the whistle blew I
which marked the close of the flrst half I
California had possession of the ball on
Stanford's 40-yard line. . '!
At the beginning of the game. Stanford
money went a-begging, but the. ardent
enthusiasts found time during the rest to
place a few stray bets. California hoped
for a tie; Stanford for almost .nythlng
in the way of score. "If that red-shirted
captain would only play faster ball,"
said a shouter on the side lines, "we
would win in a walk." But the captain
of the Stanford freshmen continued his
painfull}- slow game and wasted precious
moments by lingering over the signals,
almost losing the game on account of it.
Roberts started the ball rolling in the
second half. An interchange of punts, a
fumble by Roberts and California was in
possession of the ball on the Stanford 40-
night for a boxing match to take place on
the night of the Green-Neal contest.
GOLF AT SAN RAFAEL.
Miss Goodwin Captures Ladies' Han
dicap and Clement Arnold Wins
the Men's Event.
The regular fortnightly tournament of
the San Rafael Golf Club, which had been
postponed from the 21st Inst, on account
of rain, took place yesterday. The con
tests were a ladies' handicap, nine holes,
medal play, and a men's handicap, eight-
een holes, medal play. Eleven ladies en
tered in the ladies' handicap. Mrs. R. Gil-
man Brown playing from scratch and the
rest receiving handicaps varying from 5
to 22. The first prize, a three-handled lov-
I ing cup of glazed ware, was won by Miss
Goodwin, with a score of 72 less 12—
Miss A. Hoffman taking second prize, a
similar but smaller cup, with a score of
70 less 5—65. Mrs. R. G. Brown, scratch,
and Mrs. A. A. Curtis, handicap 22, tied
for third place, with net scores of 72. The
full details are given in the table:
■ LADIES' HANDICAP.
Competitors. I Gross. IHdcap. Net.
Miss Goodwin 72 12 60
Miss A. Hoffman 70 5 65
Mrs. R. G. Brown 72 0 72
Mrs. A. A. Curtis 94 22 72
Mrs. J. J. Crooks.. 98 19 79
Mrs. J. T. Burke 101 14 87
Miss S. McCalla 108 19 89
Miss F. A. Carroll * 15 —
Mrs. D. Donohoe • 14 —
Mrs. C. P. Fomeroy • 17 —
Mrs. F. S. Johnson • 12 —
•Made no returns.
For the men's handicap there were
eighteen entries, of whom five did not
I play, two did not finish and two others
i made no returns. Clement Arnold won
j the first prize, a large stein with a metal
lid. with a score of 132 less IS— R. J.
Davis being second, with a score of 134
less 13—121. Mr. Davis bore off in triumph
a smaller stein. The full scores are shown
in the table: -';--•**.:?--
MEN'S HANDICAP.
Competitors. | 1st. 2d. Gros. Hdcp Net.
Clement Arnold... 65 67 132 18 i 114
R. J. Davis....... 65 69 134 13 121
Lt. T. G. Roberts 64 58 122 0 122
G. Heazleton .... 67 72 139 11 128
R. G. Brown 74 56 130 0 130
J. J. Crooks.. . 66 72 . 138 7 131
C. P.' Pomeroy.... * ..... 9
E. L. Griffiths * 11
A.A.Curtis •• 18 • ...
H. ■■ P. ' Sonntag — •• 23
S. H. Boardman.. •** .. ... 13 ...
Lt. D. F. Sellers.. ••• 15 ...
Dr. H. O. Howitt. »** 18 ...
B'rn vonSohroeder *•• 7
A. von Schroeder. ' •**. .. ... 9
■;* No returns. •* Did not finish. ••• Did. not
play. -^ ;■ .
On Other Gridirons.
GALESBURG, 111., Oct. 28.— Knox, S5; Eu
reka, 0.
OBERLIN, 0., Oct. Ohio State Univer
sity,. 6; Oberlln, 0.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 28.— University of Cincin
nati, 26; Center College of Kentucky, 0. "
CLEVELAND. 0., Oct. Case School, 34;
Baldwin University, 0.
MADISON. Wis., Oct. 28.— University of Wis.
consin. 1 10; Rush Medical College, 0.
PITTSBURG, Oct. Duquesne Athletic
Club, 12: Buffalo University, 5.
MINNEAPOLIS, Oct. 28.— Minnesota, 5; Grin
nell, 5. .
.KANSAS CITY, Oct. Kansas City Medi
cos, 24; Nebraska University 0.
CHAMPAIGN, 111., Oct. 28.— Michigan 5-
Illinois. 0. 80. ' o.
LAFAYETTE, Ind., Oct. 28.— Perdue, 40; De
pauw, ,0. . '
CEDAR RAPIDS, la., Oct. Cornell ll-
State Normal, 0.
WASHINGTON Pa.. Oct. 28.— Washington
and Jefferson, 6; Western Reserve 'o.
Columbia
Bests
Yale.
♦
pripeetoi? Is
l^os^r to
Qorpell.
yard line. Then Valentine punted Boms
more and the pigskin went sailing over
Stanford's goal line. It was brought out
to the 25-yard line and punted bach into
California's territory. For the next ten
minutes the play was of the open order
nothing but punts and punts and punts,
from one side to the other. The ball was
a pendulum, ever in the air. Suddenly
Valentine's long, hard drives were trans
formed into high, short-distanced kicks
and Stanford obtained the pigskin on Cal
ifornia's 30-yard line.
"Now is the time to score," came from
the leathern-throated yellers on the Stan
ford section. Captain Raitt took the tip
and so did his team. But thirty yards
separated them from a touchdown and
visions of victory flitted before their
eyes. Smash, bang the cardinal went into
the blue and gold, and a trail of supine
players marked off the distance gained.
Right up to the goal line went the un
checked, plunging redshirts. One foot
away, yet it seemed a mile to Stanford.
for they could not make the distance in
the flrst or second attempt. If the third
trial proved fruitless the ball would go
to California. The third trial brought
success, however, and the game was won
by three-eighths of an inch, for that is
all the bail was over the middle of the
California goal line.
When the decision was announced red
flags were at a premium and much stri
dent noise floated over, the field. The goal
was kicked and the score read— Stanford
6, California 0. But four minutes of play
remained and nothing on which a score
could hinge was done by either side.
The teams lined up:
California. Positions. Stanford
Hudson R— End— L Caglierl
Fox Tackle— L, ...McFadden
Cook R— Guard— L Fraer»r
Sabichi Center Lee
Holley L— Guard- R Barnheisel
Smith L— Tackle— R Crowell
Dlbblee L— End— R Luck
McLean Quarter Rain
Robinson R— Half— Parker
M'"nl , L-Half-R E. A. Smith
Valentine Full Roberta
Officials— Referee, Burt Oliver: umpire
George Cadwallader. Time of game
twenty-five minute halves.
OLD ELI
LOSES TO
COLUMBIA
Yale Defeated in a Stubborn:
Game of Football on
Manhattan Field.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 28.— At Manhattan
Field to-day, in a game that was fiercely
contested throughout, the football eleven
of Columbia defeated that of Yale by a
score of sto 0. In addition to this, Colum
bia carried the ball across Yale's line two
more times in the same half, neither of
which was allowed as a score because of
some technicality. The referee classed
the latter play as a touchback and gave
Yale a full kick from her twenty-five yard
line. This was of no avail, however, as
Weeks carried the ball over again for a
touchdown on the first line-up after this
kick. It was a beautiful run of about
forty-five yards, in which Weeks dodged
several of the Yale players, including
Captain Meßride, and carried the ball
squarely between the goal posts. Wilson
made a poor try at an easy goal and the
score was: Columbia 5, Yale 0 Thus
en.(i*# %A™e- with the ball in the
middle of the fleid.
The weather certainly favored the spec
tators much more than the players, and
that the men were able to last such a
rapid game on such a sultry day speaks
well for the physical condition of all
There were probably 5000 persons In at
tendance. Columbia's colors predominat
ed, but the dark blue of Yale was sparse
ly distributed throughout the grand
stand. The line up:
Columbia Position.'. Yale
Slocovich ' R-sht end ' Thomas and
Slocovich Right end Gould
Knapp .............Right tack1e.......... Stillman
»""&■ .Right guard: :::::.. Stii',Toau
"right Center.. Cunha
Longacre Left guard BrowS
£?«*?* Kft Buard - Br"w"
Smythe Left tack1e:............. Hale
Neidllnger '....Left end Winter
Wilson (captain).. Quarter back *Flncke
?."** Left half back .' Sharpe
M°lley ......Right half back Adams
Norman and •_- Meßride (captain) and
Larendon Full back Boviani
BARBER DROPS DEAD.
i :
After Shaving a Customer Richard
Geike Expires.
Richard Geike. a barber, whose .place of
business is at 127 Eddy street, and whose
residence is at 1423 Octavia street, dropped
dead in his shop about 6 o'clock last even
ing. The barber had just shaved a cus
tomer and was in the act of receiving an
other when he was seen to topple over
dead. He has been sick for some time,
and it is supposed that a complication of
stomach and heart troubles caused his
death. Geike was married and leaves a
family. His, body was taken to the
Morgue, where an inquest will be held.
HOT TIME FOR TO WANS.
The flare of a bonfire and the strains of
a band guided the officers and men of
the Fifty-first lowa Regiment to the hall
at the corner of . Alabama and Fifteenth
streets last night, where John C. Graham
the proprietor of the hail, had provided a
royal spread and plenty of music for his
guests, not forgetting to lay in a large
supply of beer for the boys. Every one
in the neighborhood who could attend
did so, and assisted in making the occa
sion one to be remembered.12
/£$ OCIETY has determined to make
the coming doll show at the Palace
'ming doll show at the Palace
Hotel put to blush the doll shows
of the yesteryears. A prize of $25
for the best doll in each class is offered by
The patronesses. The ladies who have of
fered these prizes are Mrs. John D.
Spreckels. Mrs. W. H. Crocker. Mrs. M.
H. de Young. Mrs. William G. Irwin. Mrs.
Charles Alexander. Mrs. Joseph Sadoc
Tobin. Mrs. Eleanor Martin, Mrs. Henry
J. Crocker, Mrs. George Crocker. Miss
Kathryn Dillon, Mrs. William Kohl.
i Two new features will be the display of
stunning golf costumes, and music ln the
afternoons as well as ln the evening. Dolls
designed for moderate purses will be pre
ti'ded over by Mrs. Frank D. Bates and
Mrs. J. Stow Ballard.
Miss Jennie x-dair Is working with her
usual vim to make the affair a success.
She has charge of the model dolls, so the
greater part of the burden falls on her.
Mrs. Blair will preside over the grab bag,
which will be full of trifles well worth
having.
Mrs. Daniel T. Murphy will raffle a me
chanical toy of moet ingenious construc
tion. Miss McEwen, the president of the
Doctors' Daughters, and all the other offi
cers are lending their entire time and at
tention to the doll show. Buds and belles
will assist Mrs. Samuel Buekbee, who has
chargo of the refreshment table. It is
bound to be a financial as well as a so
cial success.
The Right Rev. Henry C. Potter, D.D.,
LL.D., Protestant Episcopal Bishop of
New York, who was in town early in the
week en route to Honolulu and Manila,
was the recipient of several courtesies
tiuring his brief stay. He arrived on Sat
urday and sailed on Tuesday, but on
Monday Professor C. M. Gayiey of the
University of California invited several
friends to meet him at luncheon at the
University Club, the Rev. R. C. Foute of
Grace Episcopal Church took him for a
drive ln Golden Gate Park and in the
evening he was given a dinner at the Oc
cidental Hotel by a number of prominent
clergymen and laity of the Protestant
Episcopal church. Among those at the
dinner were the Bishop's traveling com
leanlon, the Rev. Percy Grant of New
York, the Right Rev. Bishop Moreland of
Saoramento, the Rev. R. C. Fe..ute D.D.,
the Rev. Edward B. Spalding, D.D., the
Key. D. C. Garrett, the Rev Robert
Ritchie, the Rev. Edgar Lion. William
Alvord, A. N. Drown, General W. H.
Houghton, General Babcock, William H.
Crocker, Colonel G. H. Mendell, U. S. A-,
C. D. Havens, Horace G. Piatt, and C. V.
ti. Gibbs.
Tiiere have been gay doings of late
across the bay, dinners, teas, receptions
and weddings being on the cards all the
way from Berkeley, to ait"Hi. The in- i
auguration of Benjamin Ide Wheeler as j
president cf the State University and the !
coming of Professor *bo Gilman to take ■
part in the ceremony have been responsi
ble for many of the entertainments, as
there have been dinners and luncheons
without number given and others ar
ranged io take place during the three
weeks' stay of the Gilmans in California.
Friday evening the Hopkins Art Institute I
was crowded with guests to do honor to
President and Mrs. Oilman, for whom the
reception as given by the Regents of our
university.
Apart from the collegiate entertain-
Apart from the collegiate entertain
ments across the bay there have been sev
eral in honor of the Funstons. Oakland
being anxious to do honor to their for
mer resident, Mrs. Funston, and her gal
lant husband. The reception given them
hy the Ebcll Society was charming, the
prevailing hues used in decorating the
rooms being pink and green, the national
colors being aiso largely in evidence. Mrs.
Glenoon ar.d Mrs. Will Cullen did the re
ceiving rart of the day's duty, Mrs. Hen
f-haw and Mrs. Hale looking after the tea
and refreshment tables. Thero was a very
large attendance.
They're Engaged.
One of the most recent of Oakland en
gagements is that of Miss Ella Sterrett
and Roy Hugh Craig, the lovely bride
elect being a social favorite on both sides
of the bay, especially in the set of which
her aunt, Mrs. George Wheaton, is an
acknowledged leader.
The engagement is announced of C. M.
T. Parker and Miss Myrtle Blanche Davis.
The engagement Is announced of Miss
Edna E. Hewea and George L. Dealey,
-544+4-444444---44 4 4 -^44444444*^
I Keep Gray Hair t
I Keep Gray Hair t
iOR SPEND $1. t
+ ■*■
4 As there is no failure with ♦
4 As there is no failure with ♦
> my 4-Day Hair Restorer, 4
4 it's simply a question of 4-
-4 not believing what 1 say X
X and keep your hair gray 4
+ or spending $ 1 for easiest, 4
+ surest Hair Restorer to X
4 use. ■*..;*.-';! 4.
I MASSAGE t
4 — "*"
4 SS WORTH OF TREATMENT >
4 FREE! FREE! FREE! 1
♦ THIS WEEK IN J
I MASSAGE J
4 It's importance ancl proper move- 4
4 ment. 4
4 To make flabby cheeks firm. 4-
4 To make thin necks plump. +
4 To firm, fill and build up *
4- The entire face. 4
4- To e rich purchaser all this +
+ Will be taught FREE. 4
t x
* Wrinkles. J
4 c j A-?r "^^p MQtll patc]ieB; j
4MRS. HETTIETIReiSOirr p 4-
>MRS~WEniE'"irARR!SON^' ' 4
+ -' LATEST PORTRAIT. t-JatSC rUICS, +
_ Positively Cared and Removed. .
T FREE TRIAL POT. +
4 Ladles out of town sending this ad and T
T 10c In ctamoa will receive my book of 4-
T Instructions and a trial pot of Lola Mon- 4
"X t€-z Creme and a box of face powder -*-
4- FREE. 4.
■4 SUPERFLUOUS HAIR X
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR X
4- Permanently destroyed by the "Klectrle __*
4 Needle as operated by me. ~
f mrs. netthTharrison, J
X mrs. netthTharrison, f
4 DERMATOLOGIST, J
4 40-42 Geary Street, San Francisco. 4
$-*♦♦->» 1 1 44-44- 444444444444© ,
SOCIETY
both of this city. The wedding will occur
the latter part of November.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Schnltzer announce the
engagement of their daughter Sarah to !
Mrs. Louis Friedman of this city. The
reception will take place on Sunday, No- ;
vember 12. at lad? Golden Gate avenue
between the hours of 2 and 5 p. m.
Mr. and Mrs. C. Radler announce the
engagement of their daughter Annie to j
Mr. Sam Orokner,- both of this city.
Mrs. Una Badt announce? the engage- :
ment of her daughter Beatrice to Mr. Ed ,
Leszynsky.
Mr. and Mrs. Simon Bibo announce the '
engagement of their daughter, Miss Flora I
Bibo, to Mr. Charles" Neustedt of Silver
City, N. M.
Mr. and Mrs Thomas H. Day announce
the engagement of their daughter Eliza
beth to Mr. Thomas S. Hall.
WeddiQg Bells.
The marriage of Miss Mary McLean, '■
only daughter of the Rev. and Mrs. J. K.
McLean, to Warren Olney Jr. took place !
in the chapel of the Pacific Theological
Seminary in Oakland on Tuesday evening.
October 24. The ceremony was performed
by the Rev. Charles Brown of the First I
Congregational Church and was witnessed
by a largo number of friends: The maid !
of honor was Miss Mary Olney and the I
bridesmaids were Miss Minnie Bailey, i
Miss Cordelia Bennett, Miss Pauline Col- j
I line and Miss Bertha Bradley. Edgar
Beard of Napa was the beat man and the !
ushers were Thomas Olney, Vail Bake
-1 well, William Olney and William Gorrill.
Miss Ma<ige Cassidy and Ed J. Deasy I
; were united In marriage on last Wednes- j
day at St. Mary's Cathedral by the Rev.
; Father -O'Ryan. The bride was attended
I by her sister, Minnie, as maid of honor, :
; the groom by his brother Daniel, as best
man, and after the church service a wed- j
ding breakfast was partake-} of at the
'■ home of the bride's mother on Golden '.
'. Gate avenue. The young couple will di
: vide the honeymoon between Del Monte
1 apd Pacific Grove.
A very pretty wedding took place at the
! home of the bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs. .
: William Cadman, last Wednesday at 3:30
■p. m. The high contracting parties were !
Mr. F. Lamphere of Davisville and Miss !
Elsie Cadman of Elmlra. The bride was
dressed in a beautiful suit of cream Bilk, i
I the groom in conventional black. Mr. |
! Wood of Woodland acted aa best man and
; Mies Susie Cadman of Auburn acted as
bridesmaid. The parlors were very pret
tily decorated and after Rev. __ Mc
; Wnorter had pronounced the words tliat
made the twain one they all repaired to
the dining-room, where a bountitul repast |
had been spread, where all the guests en- I
Joyed themselves until the sound of the ;
locomotive summoned the young coup.c
to the depot, where their many frieuds ,
bid them farewell with best wishes for a i
long and happy life.
Mrs. W. A. Grimmell announces the ;'
marriage of her daughter. Florence M. '
i Davis, to Martin Fin berg on October lis at
j Oakland.
On October 2. at Providence, R. 1., Miss .
Louise A. Hofmann of this city was mar- I
ried to James F. Mason of New If ork, by i
the Rev. F. B. Puilan of Providence, as- :
sisted by the Rev. George C. Adams of j
this city, who bad been invited to preach ;
the American board sermon on the 3d inst.
j Miss Hofmann has been connected with ;
j the First Congregational Church of this :
I city since early childhood, and since her ;
! majority she has been very prominent in :
I all the affairs connected with the church, :
' taking an active part in the Sunday
school. Christian Endeavor and other i
societies connected with the church, and
also the Floating society of the Mariners' \
Church.
Mr. Mason was formerly of this city, |
being connected with the Dodge Station-
cry Company, but -sailed to attend to
their business ln the East at New York, |
they will re-side at East Orange. N. J. i
A quiet home wedding was celebrated
at the home of Mr. and Mrs. H. W. Lake,
937 Jones street, at noon on Wednesday,
October 11, when George B. Lake of Santa
Barbara was united in marriage to Miss
Hattie Wittenberg of Terre Haute, Ind.
The ceremony was performed by Rev.
John A. Emery, archdeacon of the Epis-
copal diocese. A wedding breakfast at-
tended only by the Immediate relatives
of the bride and groom was held Immedi
ately after the ceremony at the home of *
the groom's brother, H. W. Lake, former I
manager of the Baldwin Hotel, after j
which the newly wedded couple departed
on a brief honeymoon to Southern Cali
-1 fornia. The bridal couple were the re-
cipients of a great number of wedding I
gifts.
Miss Alice Edna Bush, the accomplished j
daughter of E. Bush, Postmaster of Bel- |
ma. and Henry Berry, a brother of Clar- j
ence J. Berry, the Klondike King, were |
united in holy matrimony at high noon
on Sunday, October 8, 18S9, by Judge Lillie
of Visalia.
The wedding Is announced of Miss •
Laura Marie Tremblay, only daughter of !
Mr. and Mrs. R. Tremblay of Santa Rosa, :
to Henry Barcelon, a prominent and '-
wealthy young man of Glenn County.
The wedding will occur at St. Rosea
Church, and will be an affair of great ele
/gance. Nothing will be spared by the
parents of the bride-to-be to make the
wedding of their only daughter a most
brilliant affair. Miss Tremblay is pretty, '
popular and a young lady of many ac- '-■
complishments. She has resided ln the I
City if Roses all her life and has a large
circle of friends in Sonoma County.
Annie S. Davis and Newton J. Edmln-
ston were united ln marriage on Octooer i
14 at St. John's Church. Mr. Edmlnston j
is one of California's greatest football I
players.
A very' pretty marriage ceremony took
place on Sunday evening last at 1136
Howard street. The happy couple were
Curtis Richardson and Miss Geneva Hill, j
both of this city.
The apartments were tastefully deco-
rated for the occasion, and the tying of
the bands was witnessed by a great |
number of the friends of both of the ;
young people. The bride, who Is a stately
brunette, wore a gown of white taffeta '-
silk, trimmed with point applique lace cut
en train, with tulle violets and orange ;
blossoms. She carried a bouquet of bride
roses. Miss L. Hensley. who acted as
bridesmaid, was gowned In a dainty
creation nt pink silk. George Cheney j
acted as best man. A sumptuous supper
was served, and after a lengthy reception
Mr. and Mrs. Richardson started on their
wedding tour through the south country
amid a shower of rice, old shoes and
pood wishes. Among those present were
Mr. and Mrs. Curtis Richardson. Miss L.
Hensley, Mr. and Mrs. Webb, Joseph
Crosby, C. Mogan, Mr. Pratt, Mr. and
Mrs. M. F. Donleavy, the Misses Don-
leavy, James Richardson and wife. Miss
Delia Richardson, J. Dougherty. H. faper
i ling and wife. Judge Barry, Walter Simp-
son, Charles Brown and wife, Henry*
; Schwak, Matthew Tlern-ev, James Britt,
' Miss Emma Atkinson, Mrs. Richardson,
Mr. Lambert, Charles Mangels and wife,
3. Curry and wife, Albert Gatterly. M.
M .-Martin. Arthur Sperling and Miss
I Marie Hensley. -
Home Gatherings.
Mr. and Mrs. Samuel. Hamilton of King
City on the Ilth fhst. had the pleasure
of celebrating an anniversary that but
few have, and that was the fiftieth anni
versary of their wedded life. The cele
bration was tho more enjoyable from the
fact that there were present at the re-
union a number of the relatives of the
celebrants. The event took place ln the
residence of J. E. Steinbeck ln Paso Ro-
bles, which for the occasion had been
prettily decorated. All wished the aged
couple who have bo long harmoniously
sailed together adown the stream of life
another quarter century of companion-
ship, so that they may celebrate the dia
mond anniversary of their wedding. Those
who were present to congratulate the
guests of honor, Mr. and Mrs. Hamilton,
were Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Martin of San
Francisco. Mr. and Mrs. J. P. Farrell of
Los Angeles, Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Hamil-
ton of Salinas, Mr. and Mrs. G. W. Ham-
ilton of Paso Robles, Mr. and Mrs. J. E.
Steinbeck of Paso Robles, Miss Dessl
Hamilton of Salinas, Thomas Hamilton
of King City and J. R. Hamilton of Stan-
ford. After congratulations all partook of
an excellent golden wedding dinner, and
*4he recollections of the pleasant event will
long linger ln the memory of each who
was at that reunion. Half a century ago
Mr. Hamilton was a resident of the city
of New .York, and while there married
Miss Elizabeth Fagan. At that time the
discovery of gold was attracting the at-
tention of the world and Mr. Hamilton,
catching the "gold fever," left his wife
with her parents and came to the Golden
West around the Horn, landing in San
Francisco In 1851. He endured the changes
and hardships of the early days of Cali
fornia and after a time was rejoined by
his wife. About ten years ago they se
lected King City &s their home. Mr.
and Mrs. Hamilton are the parents of
eight living children.
On Monday evening, October 23, a pleas-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 29. 1899.
ant surprise and farewell party was ten-
dered Walter, D. Vance of Company E. ,
Twentieth Kansas Volunteers, by some of j
his friends at the home of Miss Anna [
Yung, 725 Filbert street. Those present i
were: Mr. and Mrs. Yung, Miss Anna I
Yung, Mica Elise Yung. Miss Lena Yung,
Miss Katie Yung, Miss Elise Diehl, Miss
Emelia Peter, ifiss Elise Peter. Mrs. Pc-
ter. Miss Ethel Scarles, Miss Kaster, Miss
Julia Kaster, Miss Marie Whaley, Miss
Eva. Whaley, Miss May Trant. Miss May
Taylor, Miss Eda Hansen, Miss Ida La-
sette, Miss Petersen; Messrs. Walter
Vance, Will Henningsen, Hugh Dunning,
Henry Diehl, John Sandmeyer, Ralph
Clark, Victor Ricardo, Verle Davis, Ar
thur Long, Alexander Glenn, Joseph |
Buttz. Charles Preston, Cecil Smith. John j
Naught, Edward Mason, Volney Maston, ,
Roy Burton.
Miss Elsie Maralyn Eggert celebrated
her flrst birthday Thursday. October 26,
with a luncheon given to several of her
little admirers. After partaking of a
dainty spread little Elsie surprised them
all by walking across the room for the
first time alone. She was the recipient
of many appropriate tokens of their re-
gards. • Those present were the Misses
Huth Gertrude Mitchell, Lillian Hart-
mann, Marion Scott and Master George
Latham.
At the residence of Mr. and Mrs.'. L.
Rosenberg, 1561 Post street, last Saturday
night, were gathered the family's rela
tives and a few friends. Besides dancing
and an elaborate collation, served at mid-
night, the evening was made a very j
pleasant one by a number of good songs,
I plenty of instrumental music and lots of
i clever speeches. Mrs. Kemp Van Ec
i and Miss Gertrude Omen gave several
| excellently rendered vocal solos, as did
! also Harry Turton. the tenor, and W. V.
' Strunz, the Tivoli basso. Those present
I were Mr. and' Mrs. T. D. Davis, Mr. and
l Mrs. J. L. Rosenberg, Mr. and Mrs. J. L.
! Noonan, Mr. and Mrs. L. Rosenberg, Mrs.
I Ray Barron, Mrs. Kemp Van Ec, Mrs. E.
i Newman, the Misses Belle Aaron, Rosina
i Rosenthal, Emma Rosenberg, Gertrude
| Omen, Bertha Rosenberg. Sophie New-
man. Messrs. L. H. Briedensteln, W. V.
| Strunz, Harry Turton. Sylvia Newman,
! Eugene Ayers, William Varnev, Arthur
Rosenberg, Edwin Canfleld, Will New-
man, Horace Davis, Abe Rosenberg,- F.
A. T. Blumenthal, Samuel Rosenberg,
Milt Rosenberg, Francis Noonan, Mervvn
Noonan, Sammy Block and Charles
■ Rosenberg.
Mrs. F. Langdon gave a party in honor
cf her husband's forty-third birthday. on
* October 21, at their residence, 554 Sixth
street. The floral rations were rare
and costly and the menu was an unusual-
ly choice one. The evening was spent in
music and dancing, the music being fur
i nished by Professor R. Reek's orchestra.
i The principal events were as follows:
' Cakewalk, Misses Lulu Langdon, Emma
i Spring and Helen Label; Highland fling.
1 Misses Ethel and Carrie Manning; vocal
■ trio. Miss N. Upman. Miss M. Hooper
and Mrs. Hooper, and piano solo, Miss
I Alice Manning. The guests present were
as follows: Mr. and Mrs. F. Langdon,
.Mr. and Mrs. George Spring, Mr. and
Mrs. D. Hooper, Mr. and Mrs. George
'■. Long, Professor and Mrs. R. Reck, Mr.
', and Mrs. M. Manning, Mr. and Mrs. ■ Tay
: lor and child, Mrs. Zuckerman, Misses J.
i Upman, R. I'pman, P. Upman, M. Hooper,
L. Langdon, E. Spring, M. Spring. H.
I Label, E. Manning, C. Manning. A. Man-
ning. K. Rodgers, Messrs. J. Leach, James
McNeil. E. Daw. W. Quigley, F. Rodgers,
F. McNeil, G. McNeil, Professor H. Ab-
bott. A. Label. J. Conway, E. Seeds, E.
Montague. J. Pesante and H. Lelg. \
Saturday evening. October 21, a recep
tion was tendered to Eugene Linehan, on
his return rom Manila, at his father's
residence, 72 Albion avenue, by his nu
merous friends. He was presented with
a handsome medal. Mr. Knorp made the
presentation speech. Among those pres
ent were: J. Linehan, Eugene Linehan,
Daniel Linehan, Frank Linehan, John
Linehan, Willie Linehan, O. Linehan, Mr.
Knorp, Mr. Monahan, Mr. Higgins, Mr.
Kirby, Mr. Dowden, Private Private
Peters, Private Tobin, Private Lynch,
Private Partrich, Captain McNeil, Offi
cer Taylor, Officer Balnea, Officer Molloy,
George Bethell, Miss N. Linehan, Mis-**
Tissie Line:. a:.. Miss Mary Linehan, Miss
Madden, Mrs. Pemberthy, Mrs. Bom-
guard, Mls3 Kirby, Mrs. Moore, Miss
Yiolia, Miss Obrlon, Miss Rlchison, Miss
Conway, Miss Bachman, Miss Sheridan,
Miss McCarthy and Miss I. Madden.
A very happy union of relatives and
friends of Mr. and Mrs. E. Jensen gath
ered at their home on, Larkin street last
Sunday evening to celebrate their cotton
wedding. A grand supper, followed by a
Cakewalk, dancing and singing, occupied
many until the early morning. Besides
the Jolly couple, there were present Mr.
and Mrs. Henry Neilßon, Mr. and Mrs.
Hansen, Mr. and Mrs. C. Hlldebrand. Mr.
and Mrs. Henry Johnson, Mr. and Mrs. C.
Ludln. Mr. and Mrs. C. Rleselhuth, Mrs.
Wllhelm. Mrs. Kate Jewel, Mr. and Mrs.
Komstoeft, Mr. and Mrs. Lerner, Mr. and
Mrs. Fassler, Mr. Rapheld, Mrs. J. Hilde-
1 rand, Mr. Bean, Mrs. Arnold, Mr. Peter-
son, Miss Stone, Mr. and Mrs. George
Haut, Mr. Deady, Mies Ludln, Mr.
Hickey, Miss A. Wllhelm. George
Hlldebrand, Miss J. Wilhelm, Mr. Smith,
Miss Lillie Hlldebrand, Charles John-
son, Mrs. Henry Hlldebrand, Mr. and Mrs. '
Liebricht, E. Hildebrand, Miss Struper,
W. Riegelhuth, Mrs. Cramer, Mr. Miller, i
Miss M. Komstoeft Mr. and Miss Brandt,
Mr, and Mrs. Traoer, L. Harder, Mrs. ;
Summerfleld, Mr, Hesse, Miss Anna Whit-
ing, Fred Hildebrand, Miss Ruth Jewel,
William Riegelhuth, Mrs. Telly, George
Riegelhuth, Miss Marie Sears, Edward
Riegelhuth, Miss Hazel Riegelhuth, Albert
and E. Komstoeft, Dr. Klbler and Judge
Hass.
Mr. and Mrs. Moser celebrated the
twenty-flfth anniversary of their wedding
at their residence, 1933 California street,
on October 15. The reception was held
from 2 to 5 in the afternoon, when the
hosts received congratulations from
their vast number of friends. The par-
lors appeared very beautiful in their dress
of silver, smliax and chrysanthemums.
Music was tastefully rendered by Miss
Hilda Moser, Gus Merzbach and others.
Mrs. Moser was kindly assisted, by Mrs.
H. Boschken, Miss Millie Grazeller, Miss
Tillie Lowenthal, and her daughters, the
Misses Bertha, Hilda and Viola, who pre-
sented a most beautiful appearance in
their light evening dresses. At 8 o'clock
, an elaborate dinner was served to the
relatives and a few intimate friends, some
of whom had attended the wedding twen
ty-five years ago. During the dinner,
which lasted about three hours. Interest-
ing speeches, bright stories and remin
: iscences were indulged in to the delight
, of all. The speech of the Rev. M. S. Levy,
who knew the couple before they were
' married, was most beautiful, moving the
guests alternately from tears to smiles.
B. Benjamin of San Jose was toastmaster.
| Some remarkably handsome presents were
i received by Mr. and Mrs. Moser. The
i dancing, singing and merry-making lasted
! until the email hours in the morning.
A very pleasant surprise party was ten-
dered to Joseph James Williams at his
home, 1604 Guerrero street, Tuesday even-
I ing, October 24, In honor of his twenty-
I first birthday. Those present were: The
! Misses Smith, Miss Rosa Thomas, Miss
Meta Nagle,' Miss Louise Gray. Miss Ro-
sina Tweadwell, Miss Laura Tweadwell,
Miss Maggie Bowen, Mi-Is Annie Parry,
Miss Ella Edwards. Miss Stella Winn,
Miss Maggie Williams, J. Bell, R. Gunn.
W. Thomas. H. Thomas, W. R. Williams,
IJ. J Williams. G. Marshall. G. Whelon,
: H. Davison, O. Jensen. J. R. Williams,
! Hugh Williams. Mr. and Mrs. G. Relmers,
Mr. and Mrs. W. Fritz, Mr. and Mrs. T.
Williams, Mr. and Mrs. T. Edwards, Mr.
and Mrs. McKnight, Mrs. Thomas, Mr.
and Mrs. J. W. Williams and Masters
I Walter Relmers and Harold Fritz.
Thomas J. Robertson of the First Regi-
I ment, California Volunteers, was ten
' dered a reception at the residence of Miss
i Laura C. Lohmeyer, 2f24 Twenty-third
1 street, on Thursday evening, October 22.
Among those present were: Miss Alma
Hextrum. Miss Ethel Carroll, Miss Mary
! Behrens. Miss Mabel Kettleman, Miss
■ Marie Hughes, Miss Alice Lohmeyer, Miss
I Annie Sundland. Miss Edith Hextrum,
: Miss Nellie Bergle, Miss Laura Lohmeyer,
i William Kettelman, J. Victor Paxton of
I Company E, Twentieth Kansas Volun
i teers; William Luscom, Frank McLean,
Company C, First Washington Volun
teers; Thomas Robertson, Sergeant Gray,
Company C. First Washington; George
Knipe, Charles Hammon, William Loh-
meyer, Master Walter Young, Mrs. Archie
I Robertson of Tacoma, Mr. and Mrs. J. C.
Lohmeyer and Mrs. Rose Hughes.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles E. Grass of Oak-
I land entertained a party of friends at a
French dinner on Thursday, October 26,
i in honor of the first anniversary of their
marriage. J. Frank Jewell was toast-
master of the evening and many toasts
. were given and responded to by the gen-
tlemen present. The party included Mr.
• and Mrs. Charles E. Grass, Mrs. M. C.
Wilbur. Mrs. William A- Shaw, Mrs. A.
1 A. Smith, Mr. and Mrs. W. F. Mitchell,
! Mr. and Mrs. S. P. Oppcnheim, Mrs.
' Katharyn Eggert. Miss Edna Salisbury,
Miss Henryetta Smith, Miss Edythe M.
•Judson, J. Frank Jewell, William H.
Shaw and Norton Hawkins.
Club Parties.
The flrst meeting of California Chapter,
D. A. R-, was held at the home of Mrs. E.
I* Bowen. After the business meeting
Misa Ella Bender charmed all present
with some delightful readlnga, and Miss
Carter spoke of affairs In Connecticut
during the Revolution and the succeeding
years. Dainty refreshments were served
and much pleasant chat over Revolution-
ary and Colonial affairs followed.
-.. A pleasant evening -was spent by the
members of Juvenile Court, Star of the
West No. 1 A. O. F., at Benevolence
Hall, 102 O'Farrell . street. An enjoyable
programme was rendered by the membera
and their friends.
The first meeting of "La Jeunesse" co-
tillion was held last Friday evening at Co-
tillion Hall, on Polk street, and was lerge
ily attended. The guests and members
were received by the lady patronesses-
Mrs. Phebe Hearst, Mrs. Timothy Hop-
kins, Mrs. A. W. Foster. Mrs. A. H. Voor-
hles, Mrs. H. E. Huntington, Mrs. J. W.
Me 'lung, Mrs. W. A. McKlttrlck, aiid
Mrs. W. H. Mills. . The cotillion waa led
by Mr. E. M. Greenway, assisted by Mr.
Foster of San Rafael, and the debutantes
: in the flrst set were Miss Edith Stubbs,
Miss Georgiana Hopkins, Miss Ethel Ha-
ger. Miss Mamie Josselyn, Miss Leila
, Voorhies, Miss. Elizabeth Huntington,
Miss Alma McClung, Miss Jeanette Hoop-
er. Miss Eleanor Morrow, Miss Alalia
Keys, Miss Bessie Mills and Misa Mary
Foster. Supper was served at about half
' past 11, and the music was kept going un
-1 til 1 o'clock. The, next meeting is : an-
nounced to take place on Friday, Decem
: ber 1.
The Saturday Fortnlghtllea had their
second dance at Cotillion Hall last Satur
, day evening, when the german was led by
: Miss Grace Shaln.
The musical and literary entertainment
and Icecream social given in aid of Cooper
Memorial Church, Ninth avenue, near H
; street, last evening was a great . success
'■ In every' way. The church was crowded
I to overflowing and the people were, well
; pleased with the programme. The^musl
j cal and literary exercises were well ren
dered by Mrs. R. Keller, Mrs. Joe Clark.
, Mrs. A. Alexander, Miss Mary Westhous,
Professor Graebel, Joe Riley and others.
-■ The clerk of the church. Edward Ewald,
: who acted as master of ceremonies,
thanked all those who had contributed to
j make the affair a success on behalf of the
i congregation. Rev. I. J. Luce, the pastor.
. ln his address also urged a new church
j building for this thus far only place of
I religious worship south of Golden Gate
i Park. He spoke of the necessity of main
i taining the same on account of the 150
! children in the fast-growing district. Too
much praise cannot be given to the ladies
; who had charge of the affair and who did
everything to make it pleasant for those
, present. The committee' consisted of the
following ladies: Mrs. Kate Jones. Mrs.
Emma Harrington, Mrs. George H. Mc-
Klnson, Mrs. Belle Moldrup and Mrs. E.
: Cox.
The De Koven Club's second assembly
l took place last Thursday evening at
Golden Gate Hallv The handsomely dcc
i orated hall and good music In conjunction
with their usual pleasant gathering made
a very delightful affair. The next assem
bly will take place on the 23d of next
month.
I The Initial party of the season of the
! Fin de Steele Whist Club was a success
; ful affair. The club was delightfully en
i tertained by Miss Susie Logan, at her
'. home, on Thursday night. The regulation
: games of whist were enjoyed, the first
j prizes being won by Mr. Lindsay and Miss
; Glidden, while Mr. Colleschorm and Miss
• Logan took the consolation favors. The
.' time was pleasantly spent in singing and
j dancing, after which the guests partook
iof a dainty supper. The members are:
; Misses L. Beauman, A. Donovan, B. L.
! Gambetz, F. Gambetz, G. (Hidden, Di
j Golder. H. Keefaber, S. Logan. G. Mc
i Clure, F. Smith, A. Vellguth and I.
i Wolfe. W. B. Burner. F. Bronson. J. C.
; Crooks, O. Colllschorm, Judge T. F. Dunn,
'O. Frank, Dr. L. R. Gambetz, E. W.
Gates. William Lee, M. Lindsay, H. \\ .
; Morgan and J. H. Wheeler.
The Halloween party to be given by
Young Ladies' Institute No. 1. on Monday
I evening, Oct. 30, will be a novel one. In-
deed. All the old-time games will be
i indulged in, for which prizes will be
I awarded. Dancing and refreshments will
: also form part of the evening's entertain-
I ment. ' . . ,T 
A week ago Friday evening at Half
-1 moon Bay. despite the storm, a grand re-
I ception was tendered the recently re-
I turned volunteers, Peter Kyne and James
! Kelly of Company L, Fourteenth United
j States Infantry. The high esteem In
which these young men were held In this
town before their departure for the war
was manifested on their return by the
general enthusiasm which greeted them.
'. Pilar Hall, where the reception and liter-
ary exercises were held, was -crowded
'■ with an audience that enjoyed the fol-
lowing programme: Overture, Halfmoon
Bay Band; chorus, "California," Half-
moon Bay School; an address of welcome,
Rev. Father Doran; duet, "Home Again,"
Miss A. Mullen and Mrs. F. Metzgar;
recitation, "Welcome Home," Miss R.
' Schubert; vocal solo, "Irma," Miss E.
Schuyler; chorus, "Columbia, the Gem of
the Ocean." Halfmoon Bay School; reci
tation, "The Angels, of Buena Vista,"
Miss Susie Lane: chorus, "Freedom,"
Halfmoon Bay School; oration, Hon.
George C. Ross; quartet, "Good Night,"
Misses Edna Hatch and Gertrude Fill-
more, Messrs. Alvln Hatch and Everet
Schuyler. The affair was got up by
the business men of the town. Supervisor
Debenedette, Judge Simmons. George Gil-
crest. J. Francis. George Williams, T.
Qulnian and A. Levy.
In the future.
The Aldine Club will give a party at
the rooms of the Arlon Verein Thursday,
November 16.
A musical entertainment will be given
by the Society of Old Friends on Thurs-
day" night, November 2, In Social Hall, 102
O'Farrell street, Foresters' building.
A benefit concert has been tendered to
Alfred Wilkie. the well known tenor, by
his friends, after his long illness. A num
; ber of prominent society women of Oak
: land are the patronesses, and those who
i have contributed their services are Miss
Millie Fiynn, soprano; Mrs. J. E. Birm
ingham, contralto; Clement Rowlands,
'■ barytone; Putnam Greswold. basso; Miss
Bessie Lee Wall, pianist; R. Fletcher Til-
ton, organist; Llewelyn Hughes, violinist,
I and the Temple quartet— Ben Clark, A.
; Wilkie, H. A. Mcl and George H.
i Carleton. Mrs. Margaret Cameron Smith,
Mrs. Willard Batchelder and Miss Eliza-
beth Westgate will accompany the solo-
ists. The concert will take place on Tues
i day evening, October 31. at the First
i Methodist Church in Oakland.
A charity ball will be given in the Odd
| Fellows' Hall on next Saturday evening
I under the auspices of the lady managers
' of the General German Ladles' Benevo-
lent Society.
The Sallsbury-Keyes wedding will be a
1 home ceremony, taking place at the
boarding house on California street,
where the Salisbury's reside, at half-past 4
• in the afternoon of November 7.
i One of the weddings of the near future
will be that of Miss Elsie Hecht and Irv
' ing Weil, November 15 at high noon be-
ing the date when the ceremony will be
' performed at the home of the bride's
! mother on Jackson street.
The first of Mrs. Salisbury's Friday
i fortnightly gatherings ls set for the 10th
! of November.
I The Ladles' Singing Club of San Fran
: cisco will hold Its next rehearsal Monday
! afternoon, October 30, at 3 o'clock, In Its
j new quarters at Golden Gate Hall, Sutter
! street, near Taylor. The members are
j enthusiastic In the enjoyment of their
! new work, and the Invitation to join them
is still extended to ladies Interested in
1 ensemble singing. Solos each rehearsal
by club members. Director, D. P.
i Hughes.
Dr. A. M. Beecher of this city, whose
i book, "California Through Yankee Eyes,"
| will soon fee In press, Is the guest of Dr.
IS YOUR FACE UNWOMANLY?
Have you dark : shadows on your lips, cheek.
' Chin or person? If you have B. B. B. English
; Caramel is Just what you want. It removes
and cures this unfortunate blemish. After one
j application your face will be as free from hair
as the palm of your hand.
B. B. B. English Caramel is Indorsed by the
; medical profession and has had 20 years of suc-
l cessful practice In England and on the conti-
j rent. It ls in fact the only satisfactory eradi-
cation of superfluous , hair known . to science.
vve guarantee a cure in every case under-
taken. Consultation free for this week only.
' women attendants. Prompt attention to mall
orders. ' ...
, MRS. DIETZ, formerly with the -"Burdene."
ELITE DERMATOLOGY INSTITUTE,
ft ft ft MARKET ST., BAW FRAUCISCO.
| HAIRDRESSINQand MANICURING
! and Mra. Benjamin at their home in Oro
! ville. The lady is a near relative of Hen
-1 ry Ward Beecher and the distinguished
; writer, Harriet Beecher Stowe.
Mrs. Ella Fraser*- Weller, author or
"Nestlings" and several other volumes or
1 verse, has removed with her family to
i lone, where her husband, Rev. S. "•
Weller, has been called as pastor of tne
i Presbyterian church and chaplain of tne
: State Reform School. The best wishes of
I a host of friends attend them.
Miss Lillian K. Sllnkey left for Monte-
rey this week, where she will spend a
i couple of weeka at Pacific Grove.
Mr. and Mrs. Nathan Myer and Miss
Henriette Myer have removed their place
I of residence from 266 Golden Gate avenue
I to 1662 Post street
Dr. J. S. Stone, with his family, la locat
! Ed at the Russ House.
W. J. Mortimer of Berkeley has re
turned from a two weeka' vacation at
I Mount Hamilton. ,
Mrs. 'Llchtensteln, 2318 Clay street, will
i be at home the third Wednesday of each
I month, commencing in November.
The members of the Aldine Club will
1 give a party November 16 at the rooms
.of the Arion Verein./ - . ■ . - . • - *
On Friday evening, November 8, Com
-1 pany C, First Regiment, League of the
! Cross Cadets, will give an entertainment
in aid of the armory and uniform fund
'at Metropolitan Temple. Fifth atreet. On
thia occasion Captain Dennia Geary, late
' of Battery A, First Battalion, Heavy Ar
: tillery, United States Volunteers of Cali
! fornia, will lecture on "A Soldier a Life
j in the Philippines."
f The San Francisco Conservatory of Mv-
sic will give- an invitation concert at
i Metropolitan Temple November 10. A
: pleasing and varied programme will be
; rendered. ...
The First Friday Cotillon will give an
! assembly and german Friday evening,
November 3. In Assembly Hall, Red Men a
1 building, 320 Post street. ■"--■*>;• '_"Zl_
Seven Pines Circle No. 8, Ladies of the
, G. A. R., will hold Its fourteenth annual
campfire and ball in B. B. Hall; 121 Eddy
street, Tuesday evening, October 31. The
Drill Corps under the direction of Cap
i tain J. E. Towers will render one of the
: most beautiful drills ever presented be-
I fore an audience in San Francisco.
I The fourteenth anniversary ball of Rin
i con Parlor No. 72, N. S. G. W., will be
j held on Wednesday evening, November 1,
lat Native Sons' Hall. ~ ._■ ,„
A grand ball will be given by Mizpah
Circle No. 100, C. O. F. of A., at the Po
trero Opera-house, Tennessee street, near
Solano, on Saturday evening, Novem
: ber 4. ■ _______
Personals.
Miss Hilda Hamilton of 612 Webster
street has returned from a three months'
visit to Canada, where she was the guest
of her uncle and aunt. Lieutenant Gover-
nor and Mrs. Mclnness.
Mrs. H. Davis has removed from 241
! Page street to 411 Oak street, and will'
i be pleased to see her friends on the sec
! ond Wednesday, as formerly.
Mr. and Mrs. T. Melville Stateler have
• returned from their wedding tour and are
residing at the Occidental Hotel, where
they will be glad to see their friends.
Mrs. and Mrs. Henry J. Crocker have
issued cards for Fridays in November. It j
is expected that the first afternoon recep
; tion, on November 3, will be a crush, and
1 it is to be followed by a dinner-dance for
a score of young ladies and as many men.
Mrs. John Charles Adams of Oakland
gave a moonlight driving party recently
; in honor of Mr. and Mrs. Franklin Poore,
; Miss Whitney and Miss Margaret Wall,
■ concluding with a supper at the Adams
j home.
Mrs. Olivia Warfield, Master George and
, Charles Warfield, Mrs. Robert James Tol
; mie and Miss Blanche Tolmie of Buffalo,
N. V., are the guests of Robert Tolmie of
Franklin street for the winter.
Miss Mamie Carberry has been the
i guest of Captain and Mrs. Gammon of
i New York during the Dewey celebration,
I but has now returned to Castine, Me.,
j where she will spend . the winter with
| Captain and Mrs. Roland Brown.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Carpy have left
I their villa ln St. Helena to spend the
: winter ln the metropolis.
Arthur Calhoun, son of Mrs. Bertha A.
Calhoun, elocutionist, has returned to his
home in Berkeley after an absence of five
months in Colusa, Sutter and Plumas
counties.
Miss Lena Gensler will be at home to
her friends on the first Sunday evening
of each month at her residence, 771 Eddy
street.
Los flngeles.
The past week has been an unusually
The past week has been an unusually
gay one in society. A number of house
entertainments have been given, and then
there were the races at Agricultural Park.
Everybody attended at least one day and
a great many were present every day. :
I The boxes were secured by Mark Sibley
Severence, Byron Erkenbrecker, L. J.
Rose Jr., R. H. Miner, U. S. A., Dr. W.
Lemoyne Wills, Ferd. K. Rule. Milo M.
Potter, C. A. Sumner, J. C. Drake, D. M.
Burns of San Francisco, Dr. F. R. Cun-
ningham, J. A. Chanslor, J. F. Caldwell,
John C. Cline, A. A. Dickerson of New
York, Ben E. Ward, Horace Anderson,
John E. Plater. J. W. Young. J. H. Shank-
lln, L. A. Grant. Captain T. B. Merry-, H. ,
W. Lawrence, T. E. Keating of Pleas-
anton, John Callahan, C. A. Canfleld, F.
M. Movers, C. A. Winshlp, W. T. An- .
i drews, R. M. Schwartz, C. A. Burchan,
Geo. H. Bixby, C. L. Waring and Geo.
Carson, who entertained their friends with
' box parties nearly every day. Then there
I were tally-hos. On several days every
! tally-ho in town was called into service,
I and altogether the races were a great sue-
I cess.
On Wednesday evening Miss Edna Bick- j
! nell entertained a few friends with a mv
; slcale at her home in West Seventh street.
Mr. and Mrs. C. Modlni-Wood, Mrs. Fan-
i.'.- Lockhart, Madam Genevra Johnstone- I
i Bishop, Mrs. .Grace Stivers, Mrs. Mary
Schallert, Misses Mary O'Donoghue, Eliz- [
j abeth Jordan, Mary Chapman, J. .R. '.
I Brown, Mary Doran. Grace Perry, Gladys
Cummings, Etta Bicknell;. Messrs. Ed- ;
| ward Quinlan, Clarence Stevens, H. Rus- :
sell Ballard and Arthur Marshall Perry '
! were the artists who contributed to the
musical programme, and the. other guests
were Dr. and Mrs. H. G. Cates, Dr. and '
Mrs. F. T. Bicknell. Dr. and Mrs. F. Gor-
don, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Bicknell, Mrs.
Meyers; Misses Edith Furrey, Anna Chap- j
man, Louise Meyers; Messrs. W. J.
Frank, M. H. Sherman and Dr. J. Fer- :
| bert.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry J. Kramer held the
I first reception of the season on Wednes-
day evening, at their dancing academy in
; Grand avenue. They were assisted in re- *
i ceiving by Mrs. H. C. Limbrock and Miss :
i Angela Anderson. About seventy-five '
i couples were In attendance during the j
! evening.
Mrs. Fred A. Hines was the hostess at ;
I one of the most elaborate parties of the
■ season, at her home in West Eleventh !
! street, on Thursday afternoon. The af- ;
fair was in honor of Miss Helen Falrchild,
whose engagement was recently announc- j
ed, and Miss Jessie Kimball, who will be I
married in a few days.
Mrs. Jack Jevene, Mrs. Ezra Stimson, !
Mrs. Arthur Brnly, Mrs. Richard Bun- '
dram, Mrs. Willard -Doran and Mrs. John j
Edwards of Redlands assisted Mrs. Hines
in receiving, and others guests were: i
Misses Lila Falrchild, Hattie Kimball,
Christine Kurtz, Helen Eaton, Kate
Landt, Cora Foy, Sara Goodrich, Gene-
vieve Smith, Dorothy Wellborn, Maude
Newell. Hettie Millner, Lillian Wellborn,
Gertrude Gooding, Harriet Smith. Birdie (
Chanslor, Eleanor Tuttle, Sadie Johnson,
Nora Sterry, Edna Bickell, Kate Spence, *
Hattie Tuttle. Nellie Desmond, Etta
Janss, Letha Lewis, Fannie Lockhart,
Elsie Millner, Lena Janss, Ivy Schroder, j
Alice Strong, Edith Klrkpatrick, Florence |
Rilev, Susanne Easton. Mabel Channel,
Carrie Coleman, Margaret Knight. Eliza-
beth Shankland, Elolse Forman, Jennie ,
Walrath and Gilletta Workman.
Hon. John Garber and Hon. William ,
Singer were the guests of honor at a
dinner given by General Sherman at the
California Club on Wednesday. Other j
guests were: Judge Bicknell, Judge Fitz- i
gerald, Colonel Lewis, Colonel Norton and |
W. J. Trask.
Miss Genevieve Smith and Miss Kathe-
rine Landt entertained at dinner Monday
at the Smith residence, in South Flower
street, in honor of Miss Jessie Kimble.
The decorations were entirely in red and
* covers were laid for fifteen. Besides the
guest of honor and hostess there were
present: Mrs. Charles Parcells, Misses
Dorothy Groff. Hattie Kimball, Helen
Eaton, Ethel- Bates of Oakland; Messrs.
William Wolters, Robert Carhart, Robert
Rowan, Warren Carhart, Roger Friend
of San Francisco; Fred Kimball and Rob
! ert Kimball.
Miss Hattie Strong gave a box party at
| Morosco's Burbank Theater on Monday,
! followed by a supper at Christopher &
j Sparks', in honor of Miss Emma Graves
| and Will Strong, who will be married
' soon.' Other guests were Miss Alice Strong
j and Homer Laughiin ! Jr. -.
Mr. and : Mrs. C. Modini-Wood gave a
i very pleasant hearts party at their home
; on South Figueroa street on Friday even
i ing. The affair was complimentary to
j their house guest. Miss Gladys Cummins
i of San Francisco, and Miss Mabel Bots-
I ford. Mme. Genevra ■ Johnstone-Blshop
i and Mrs. E. P. Johnson Jr. assisted Mr
: and i Mrs. "Wood ln receiving. The house
; was exquisitely and beautifully decorated
i for the: occasion. ■ The prizes awarded
were exceptionally handsome and the
winners were: Miss "Stevens and Mr
Dickinson, first; Miss Eaton and Mr. Cam
WAVES «F RUGS
.OCEANS OP THEM !
OCEANS OP THEM !
THOUSANDS OF THEM!
Unique Designs— Odd Exquisite Colorings
Long Rugs— Rugs— Square Rugs— Made
..Expressly for Us. ALL WOOL.
21x45 »*.... regular price $1.50 — now $1.10
36x72... ........ regular price 5.00 — n0w...... 3.50
. 18x36. ......... .regu1ar price 1.00 n0w...... .80
30x60 ... - . .. regular price 2.75 — now ...... 1.90
4 feet by 7 feet ... regular price 7.00 — now ...... 5.40
26x54 . .... regular price 2.50 — n0w ...... 1.90
6 feet by 9 feet . . . regular price 1 2.00— n0w ...... 10.50
,7-6xlo feet 6 regular price 18.00 — now 14.00
9 feet by 12 feet . . regular price 26.00 — 22.50
Remember All Wool.
And the Sale Extraordinary Is Only for Monday.
Punjab Matting, 35c. "Kidder" Carpets (two sides to wear), 35c
All a yard wide.
ART CARPET COMPANY,
228 POWELL STREET.
eron Thorn, second; Miss Forman and Mr.
Bagby, consolations. Those present were:
Mr. and Mrs. Charles H. Dick, Mr. and
Mrs. W. S. Botsford, Mr. and Mrs. James
G. Scarborough, Mr. and Mrs. E. P. John
eon Jr., Mrs. Clancius; Misses Irene
Stephens, Helen Falrchild, Sara Good
rich, Lila Falrchild, Emma Graves, Eloise
Forman, Edna Bicknell, Helen Eaton,
Mary Chapman, Echo Allen and Helen
Klokke; Messrs. J. G. Mott, N. M. Myrick,
Charles Forman Jr., Will Stephens, H.
Russell Ballard, Karl Klokke, Arthur Bur
miller, Marion Wigmore, M. S. Sherman,
Ward Chapman, Charles Stonter, Carroll
Allen, H. Williams, G. Spence, E. H. Bag
by, Will Strong, C. Dickinson, Robert
Rowan. C. R. Holterhoff, Norman Den
sham, Robert Morgan, Catesby Thorn and
Cameron Thorn.
NATIONAL GUARD LAW
MADE TO BE BROKEN
AN- ORDER ISSUED IN JULY IS
NULLIFIED IN OCTOBER.
A Number of Changes That Have
Recently Taken Place —
Company in a Bad Way.
It is apparent that orders that are is
sued from general headquarters of the
National Guard at Sacramento are, like
promises and piecrust, made to be broken,
or else those in charge are forgetful of
the orders previously Issued.
In general orders No. 8, issued from su
perior headquarters July 28, was the fol
lowing: •* ' ' ' _
"The practice of some commanding offi
cers of revoking orders making discharges
will be discontinued. :*: >: ':\ *: :
"A man once discharged from the Na
tional Guard can become a member only
by enlistment or commission, as provided
by law.'' ■'•-..■■";. -=: .;:■-*.
Despite this order, which has never been
revoked and is as positive as language
can make it, there appears in special
orders No. 22, issued from the headquar
ters of the Second Brigade, October U. the
following: v_m_A '■
"V By direction from general head
quarters and upon the request of Captain
Chas. L. Hewes, commanding Second Bri- :
gade Signal Corps, that portion of special
order No. 21, series 1898, from these head- ;
quarters relating to the discharge of Mv- j
sician R. C. Delamater, Signal Corps, is j
hereby revoked."
Lieutenant Colonel Huber has been or- j
dered to proceed to Merced to inspect and |
report on Company H of the Sixth Regi
ment as to membership, efficiency, includ- ;
ing attendance at drills and the perform- I
ance of duty, its property of all kinds.
carefully inquire into its status in every
particular for determining what if any *
action is necessary concerning this com- |
p?nv, reports of its late inspection not
being very satisfactory. It is said that ;
the members of this company have been ;
very neglectful of duty and have become i
utterly indifferent. "
The organization of the Second Brigade
will be given two scores at target prac- i
tice in November on account of having
missed shoots in September by reason of
absence from their respective localities
at the time the September shoots were
ordered. .*> - ; -■■ "- - . . ; Z-y _
The following is the score of the officers
of the division staff recently: Colonel
Cluff 44, Lieutenant Colonel Barrere 46,
Lieutenant Colonel Huber 47, Lieutenant
Colonel Murphy 45, Lieutenant Colonel ;
Dohrmann 24, Lieutenant Colonel Stanley !
35, Major Schmltt 37.
Lieutenant Colonel Miles of the division !
staff has been granted thirty days' leave
of absence, with permission to leave the
State. SaWM»."I'*HWW
Major John G. Fitzgerald has tendered
his resignation as an aid on the staff of
the division commander.
Major W. D. McCarthy— he of the Cali
fornia First— has been appointed surgeon i
on the division staff, and Lieutenant A. B.
C. Dohrmann has been appointed pay !
master on the same staff with the rank of I
lieutenant colonel, vice Emeric,' deceased. j
The resignation of H. W. Emerson, sec- :
ond lieutenant of Company C, Fifth In
fantry, has been accepted. Major Julllard
has been detailed to preside at an elec- *
tion to be held November 6 to fill the va- j
cancy.
The detail of George O. Duncan, Sixth
Infantry, on the examining board of the
Third Brigade has been canceled.
Lieutenant- Colonel T. J. Hay (retired)
has been detailed to act in place of Col- I
onel J. . W. Guthrie on the examining I
boacd for the Third Brigade for the spe- I
cial purpose of examining officers of the j
Sixth Infantry who are unable to appear j
before the regular examining board.
Two men have been discharged from !
Troop A Cavalry for the good of the ser- |
vice.
Lieutenant Colonel Hunt has been or- i
dered to preside at an election on the Bth I
21 TTC *or hair
+J v LO dressing
The price seems very little, but
The price seems very little, but
I please because I have the
best hair dressers in the city.
Plain Hairdresslng and Sham- -^ | W>*wv TT^*»x 123
Shampooing Short Hair !!!'.25 Jf |rilr<P/P|ir
Bleaching Root, of Hair.... 50 VI • LjBlJ_J JLlYLrflla StOCktOfl St
Opposite City of Paris.
ADVEBTISEIIENTS.
of November in. the Sixth Division of the
Naval Militia, vice Lieutenant D. F.
Hunt, term expired.
George Harloe has been elected lieu
tenant of the Second Division of the Na
val Militia, vice Gunn, resigned. Ensign
George E. Kammerer has been promoted
lieutenant, junior grade, vice Harloe.
Chief Petty Officer J. Kelly has been
elected ensign. ;■*:*; •-**-;;_
COURT NOTES.
Superior Court Judge Dunne has sen
tenced Charles Johnson, convicted of fe
lonious assault, to nine years in Folsom
Prison, and John Donovan, convicted of
burglary, to eighteen months in San Quen
tin.
Robert L. Hunt, the demented murderer
of George Elliott and E. R. Knippenberg,
was taken before Judge Lawlor yesterday
and withdrew his plea of guilty and plead
ed not guilty to the charges against him.
Judge Coffey has appointed W. 8. Lyle.
C. W. McAfee and George T. Ruddock
appraisers of the estate of the late Lloyd
Tevis. ■■.-•■:■
W. S. Gage, J. A. Bunting, J. C. Hamp
ton, N. K. Masten and H. H. Blood have
incorporated the Sterling Oil and Devel
opment Company, with a capital stock of
$250,000 of which $150,000 has been sub
scribed.
SCOTCH DRAMATIC RECITAL
Katherine E. Oliver, the Celebrated
Character Impersonator,
Coming.
Lovers of . Scottish character as ex
! pressed in the works of Sir Walter Scott,
! Robert Louis Stevenson. Robert Burns,
lan Maclaren. 8. R. Crockett, J. M. Bar-
rie and others will have the opportunity
! of enjoying a dramatic treat of more than
usual interest early next month, when
Miss Katherine E. Oliver, the celebrated
' impersonator of the various characters
! intended by these authors, passes through
' this city. She has consented to give one
recital here at the First United Presby
i terian Church, corner of Golden Gate aye
! nue and Polk street, on Friday evening,
I November 10.
This is Miss Oliver's sixth season as an
1 interpreter of Scotch and Irish character,
' during which time she has" visited many
countries and appeared before noted peo
ple. The secret of her success in the de
'■. lineation of Scotch life and character Ts
i that she is of Scotch descent, speaks the
i language to perfection, has visited the
i scenes depicted in these productions and
j has brought to the work the love, genius.
enthusiasm and untiring industry of a
I masterful mind and sympathetic heart.
In the latter part of 1897 Miss Oliver ap
peared before President and Mrs. McKin-
I ley at the White House. She has letters
i of commendation from some of the most
noted divines and college presidents of
j the day.
Madame Ne«rgaard, pupil of St. Germain.
scientific palmist; reading, by mail. $1; office
hours 1 to 8 p. m. 616 Geary St., above Jones;
classes.
Knights of the Maccabees.
During the current month San Francisco
Tent has been busily engaged in the in
itiation of candidates at every review.
The work was performed by the degree
team in a most admirable manner. The
uniform rank of this camp is doing re
markably well.
Golden West Tent has been quietly at
work of late adding to Its membership.
and it has provided its degree team with
a very fine set of costumes, which; adds
much to the dramatic effects during the
initiations.
Chosen Friends.
Grand Recorder Wallis has gone south
to visit the councils in the southern part
of the State.
Grand Councilor Savage is visiting . a
number of councils In the central portion
of the State. "; ;.:*:;
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
i And all other facial blemishes are removed by
| DR. and MRS. A. "W. TRAVERSE. Donohoe
! building, 1170 Market St., cor. Taylor, rooms
: 28-29, with the electric needle without pain or
| scar. Permanency -ruraranteed: hours 1 to 4 p.m.
See what the world's greatest serpentine
dancer, ; it :
LOIE FULLER,
Says about the skin food and tissue builder.
BRAHMAN _ '
TOILET CREAM. f^KT
"I certainly can rec- 5 W^g&ff^tWfk
ommend your delightful 1 JfaWZ&'^^lh? I
Brahman Toilet Cream y___W'_rws__\
as one of the best things 'fsSB __gk.S__Kl '
for. its purpose I have Ssla "tfejfl®^
Autograph letter can L*T§ttSta3aHrW- 1
Autograph letter can _*^$*Y_________W~''& _
j be 6een at offlce of l *.\'>^2ss£_bs}>'s<Z )P 3
I A. W. TRAVERSE, M.D. TWTtmßKrar . IADVERTISEMENTS.
GOLDEN GATE
GOLDEN GATE
Cloak and Suit House,
Cloak and Sui t liouse,
1230-1232-1234 Market it.
I FURS! FURS!)
I FURS! FURS!!
♦ ♦
♦ To-morrow and following days f
7 To-morrow and. following days ♦
♦ we wiil offer extra inducements 4
4 w© wiii offer extra inducements 4
t in FUR CAPES and COLLAR, J
♦ m FUR CAPES and COLLAR- t
4 ETTES They are well made ♦
♦ ETTES They are well made ♦
♦ and f.rst class in every respect. 4
4 and f.rst class in every respect. 4
I $10.00. 1
J Electric Seal Astrakhan YOKE I
4 CAPES, 16 Inches long, good I
: quality fancy silk lining, trim- 4
♦ mcd with 10 tails, wqrth $15.00. I
♦ Special 910.00 ♦
I $i 5700. i
\ $15^00. j
1 . ■. t
♦ American MINK CAPES, 16 ♦
♦ American MINK CAPES, 16 ♦
I Inches long, flounced pure silk *
. lining, choice skins, good value 1
4 at $20.00. Special $15.00 I
♦ 4
I $20.00. i
* Baltic PEAT, CAPES, elegant *
4 sllk lining, choice skins, well 4
4 made and trimmed, regular ♦
♦ price $25.00. Special... s2o.oo ♦
♦ ♦
4 American FITCH SCARFS.... 4
X American FIT'^H SCARFS.... 4
4 $1.25 to $5.00 ♦
♦ Electric SEAL SCARFS ♦
♦ $1.50 to 94.50 *
4 Children's FUR SETS ♦
♦ $1.00 to $10.00 ♦
♦ ♦
♦ CONTINUATION SALE OF I
CONTINUATION SALE OF ♦
: GOLF CAPES :
♦ AT WHOLESALE PRICES- J
4 4
♦ 4
Golden Gate Cloak and Suit House,
1230-1232-1234 Market St.
ETTA BUTTLER
APPLAUDED BT
HER ADMIRERS
Scores a Great Hit in
New York.
An example of the rapidity of acquiring
celebrity is the instantaneous success of
Etta Buttler at Koster & Bial's, New
York, recently. A great many people
shrug their shoulders when a certain act
in a variety programme is favorably com
mented upon, and yet the variety stage
of to-day offers as great attractions in the
musical and dramatic line as we find upon
the concert and dramatic stage at times.
Thus when It is known that Etta Buttler
achieved fame at Koster & Bial's, the
leading vaudeville house in America, it
means -considerable, and that she is par
ticularly advertised by the house aner
her first appearance means a great deal
more than any one may Imagine, for it is
rarely that domestic talent receives recog
nition at this place.
Miss Buttler will be remembered her*
well by those who frequent amateur en
tertainments. She was always clever ln
dramatic declamation and showed a par
ticular ent for imitating great actresses
or singers. Her first appearance ln the
professional field was with a comic opera
company in Oakland, where she played
ln "La Mascotte." Her special hit in New
York was an exceedingly clever imitation
of Modjeska and May Irwin. Her success
was so great that she was immediately
1146 Market St New Store
THE LARGEST CLOAK AND SUIT HOUSE
IN SAN FRANCISCO.
LATEST STYLES IN
LATEST STYLES IN
Black and Colored Dress Goods?
Suits Made to Order a Specialty!
Perfect Fit Guaranteed.
hgdebbbi
Remarkable Bargains will be placed on sale
Remarkable Bargains will be placed on sale
THIS WEEK:
PLUSH CAPES at $1.90, worth $3.50.
COLORED SATIN WAISTS at $4.50, worth $6.00.
GRAY CAMELS-HAIR SUITS at $20.00, worth $30.00.
TAILOR-MADE SUITS in blue and black, at $7.50, extra
good value for $10.00.
20 pieces LADIES' CLOTH, in black only, 56 inches wide,
value for $1.00, will be offered at 65c.
1146 Market Street,
BET. TAYLOR AND MASON.
engaged to mimic Mrs. Fisk in the "Becky
Sharp" episode of the latest music hall
burlesque.
...
Another San Franciscan who has
achieved fame lately in a greater sphere
is Miss Rose Relda, or better known here
as Miss Rose Adler. Her voice has found
so many admirers In Paris, where she
studied, that she has been engaged tor
the Opera Comique for one year. This is
a very great distinction, especially when
one considers that Miss Adler did not have
much professional experience, as far as
the stage was concerned, lt is a most
flattering acknowledgment of her facil
ity.
• • •
A very Important musical event of Inst
A very Important musical event of last
week was the tirst chamber music con
cert given by the Minetti Quartet at Sher
man & Clay Hall last Friday afternoon.
There was a very large audience present,
which was ouite a compliment to the
quartet. The gentlemen played, Indeed,
uehgnuully. Their ensemble work is clean
and effective, their interpretation rich and
artistic and the solo work which is mi
i troduced now and then is executed with
great care*. The quartet consists of Giulio
MinetU first violin; Eugene Carlmueller,
i second violin; Charles Heinsen, viola, and
Arthur Weiss, cello. Every one of these
musicians deserves the 'gratitude of all
music lovers as they began a series of
concerts the artistic excellence of which
will contribute largely toward a broader
musical education. The programme con-
sisted of Quartet In 1) minor op. <o No. 2.
Lazzlnl; Quartet in G minor op. 74 No. j,
Haydn, and Quartet in B liat op. 18 No. 6,
Beethoven.
• •>*'«..*
An invitational song recital was given
by Edward Xavler Rolker at Sherman &
Clay Hall last Thursday evening. It was
a decidedly enjoyable affair and a large
audience was present to applaud the par-
ticipants heartily. The soloists were Mrs.
Pierre Douillet, Miss Harrietts Simons,
! Miss Delia S. Griswold. Miss Edith Hanks
Miss Rein© Harden-Hickey and Edward
Xavler Rolker. Miss Constance Jordan
was the accompanist.
• • •
Mr« Frances Wertheimer, a California
Mrs Frances Wertheimer, a California
girl who went to Leipsic two years ago to
complete her musical studies in the Royal
Conservatory, appeared recently with
much success in various prominent con-
certs ln Leipsic.
All musicians will be glad to hear that
Vladimir de Pachmann, the famous pian
ist will appear at the California Theater
on the afternoons of Tuesday, Thursday
and Friday. December 2G. 28 and 29. The
1 critics of New York went Into ecstacles
about his playing during his recent con
cert in that city.
■ . ■ » :.: ■* • •
C. H. Randall has been appointed leader
[ of the Palace Hotel orchestra. With him
, are Pietro Marino and Dr. Regensburger, j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 29, 1899.
THE ANGLO-SAXON MISSION.
"WELL, SAM, WE ARE CIVILIZING A GOOD MANY THESE DAYS."
who will do some solo work. There are
altogether seven pieces in the orchestra.
Mr. Randall says he will be glad to play
any works by local composers.
• • •
Judging from the rehearsals the per
formance of "L'Africalne" at the Tivoli
next week will give' Salassa and Avedano
a still greater chance to assert their line
vocal powers. Miss Anna Lichter and _.
S. Wanrell will also have an opportunity
to do some of their best work. It will be
a production well worth remembering.
ALFRED METZGER.
WANT MORE ROOM.
Lowell High School Needs Some of
Ne-w Bond Issue for Adequate
Building.
The Western Addition Improvement
! Club held a meeting at Franklin Hall last
| night. The object, of the meeting was to
j take active measures to secure $175,000 out
I of the new bond issue of $15,000,000 for the
| purpose of erecting a new building for the
: Lowell High School on the vacant lot at
the corner of Sacramento and Gough
streets * * *
N. B. Greensfelder presided and J. Hen-
I derson read the following resolutions:
"The building of the Lowell High School
I is no longer adequate to the needs of that
j school in size, plan or accommodations
I and below the standard the city should
| seek to maintain ln schools. The inade
| quacy ls shown in the overcrowded condi
| tion of rooms, need of laboratories and
1 total lack of an assembly room.
"The popular approval of expenditure
I of money to provide Lowell High School
with a new building was abundantly
I shown by the petition to the Board of
Supervisors, signed by over 6000 taxpayers
and patrons of the school and filed with
the clerk of the Board of Supervisors Sep
tember, 1838. ' -
"Resolved, That this association recom
mends appropriation of $175,000 in bond is-
I sues for a new Lowell High School build
ing and heartily indorses the bond Issue
of $15,000,000 for new schools, parks, sew
ers and hospitals."
The high school was represented by
Professors C. C. Young and C. N. Walker.
Superintendent of Schools Webster was
also present and a' letter was read from
J. A. Bergerot, president of the Board of
Education, expressing sympathy with the
objects of the club.
Christening
An Important event in the household of
Max and Minnie* Strohbach at 1367 Ste
venson street, San Francisco, was cele
brated on Friday, October 20, on which
occasion their infant son, Clarence Maxi
millian Strohbach, received his christen
ing, the Rev. Mr. Fuendeling of St.
Mark's Lutheran Church officiating.
There were present: Mr. and Mrs.
Christian Rassmusen, Mr. and Mrs. Paul
Strauch, Mr. John Dorr, Mr. and Mrs.
Louis Linz and children, Mr. and Mrs.
John Langmark, Mr. Biny Buchwald, Mr.
John Miller, Mr. Richard Koch, Miss
Meta Rassmusen, Mr. Arthur Rassmusen,
Mr. Charles Kaufmann, Mr. Jim Cultius,
Mr. Chas. Gruenzel, Mr. Ferdinand
Frlcke, Mr. Paul Bail and Mr. Vincent.
After the Important ceremony the
guests enjoyed themselves for several
hours, all predicting a successful career
for the young Strohbach, and showering
many praises on their popular host and
hostess for their generous hospitality.
A Gentlemen's Night.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 28.— large crowd at
tended the "gentlemen's night" given last
evening by the Encinal Club at their club
rooms on Park street. An excellent pro
granfme was produced, consisting of sing
ing, specialties and athletic events, in
cluding several lively boxing bouts. Ger
ald Goggin was master of ceremonies and
announcer of events. The attendance at
last evening's affair shows a renewal of
Interest in afhletic matters in Alameda,
The club membership is rapidly increas
ing. Similar entertainments will be given
during the' winter months. ".
DOINGS OF DOG OWNERS,
The Pacific Bull-terrier Club officials
have Issued a book containing Its consti
tution and standard of points.
John E. de Ruyter, chairman of the
Pacific Coast special committee of the
American Kennel Club, has gone to New
York, where he will confer with the of
ficials of the American Kennel Club on
matters affecting the Interests of dog
owners on this coast.
George Bell, who judged at the San
Francisco Bench Show of, 1898, has been
winning laurels at the late Toronto show,
despite the fact that distemper had lately
been on the rampage ln his kennels. Mr.
Bell took the flrst limit ln the fox-terrier
dogs and third ln the open class, his dog
being beaten by the English crack. Claude
Duval, and by the "American crack, Vic
toria.
Mrs. J. L. Marks has acquired from J.
P. Norman the enormous fawn mastiff
Major, which took . first honors in 1895
and 1808. . Mrs. Marks has applied for
membership in the Pacific Mastiff Club
and is already training Major, who has
not been in good condition lately, for. the
next show.
There is a scheme afoot among some of
the prominent fanciers to form an asso
ciation for the purpose of organizing a
large kennel on co-operative principles for
members' dogs. George Bell has been
suggested as a suitable manager. An of
fer has been made him, but as yet his re
ply has not been received. Among the
members of the organization are: H. H.
Carlton. D. S. Murray, J. P. Norman, C.
Bull, M. Bruin, J. Langen, Eugene
O'Neill, B. Jones and others. There is no
doubt of a successful Issue.
H. H. Carlton's litter of cocker spaniels
by Champion Viscount, out. of Champion
Trilby, sold readily, there being but one
red dog puppy left. Mrs. J. P. Norman
secured tho other red one, while E.
A. Melcher bought the only • black bitch
puppy. Tlrlby Is undoubtedly the best
cocker spaniel bitch ever brought to this
coast.
The rose soon fades; but the thorn con
tinues to do business at the old stand.
SMITH HAS FOUND A
NEST OF CORRUPTION
SEEKS TO REMOVE A JUSTICE
AND TWO CLERKS.
AND TWO CLERKS.
Row Over a Fee Leads Him to Be-
Row Over a Fee Leads Him to Be-
lieve That He Is Conspired
lieve That He Is Conspired
Against and He Sues
Against and He Sties
Them for Revenge.
Tbem for Revenge.
Andrew Smith, 28 Eighth street, has
come Into court and demanded that Jus
come into court and demanded that Jus
tice of the Peace G. W. F. Cook, Clerk of
tice of the Fc-u( c G. W. F. Cook, Clerk of
the Justices' Court Edward "W. Williams
the Justices' Court Edward W. Williams
and his assistant, John AY. McCabe, be de
and his assistant, John W. McCabe, be de
prived of their offlces for misfeasance,
prived of their oflices for misfeasance,
nonfeasance and malfeasance of of
nonfeasance and malfeasance of of
flce. In addition to a decree declaring
fice. In addition to a decree declaring
the oflices forfeited Smith prays the court
the offices forfeited Smith prays the court
to enter Judgment for $500 against er.ch of
to enter Judgment for $500 against ef.ch of
the officials as damages and for the com
the officials as damages and for the com
pensation of the informer against thorn as
provided by law. - *
provided by law.
The suit to deprive the officials named
The suit to deprive the officials named
of oflice is brought ln the name of the
of offlce ia brought In the name of the
people. First it Is charged that the de
people. First it is charged that the de
fendants set a cause for hearing in which
fendants set a cause for hearing in which
Smith appeared as plaintiff and -. B. .I*lll
-ler as defendant without demanding the
legal file fee of $3 from the defendant, on
whose motion the trial was set fcr hear
whose motion the trial was set f ■ r hear
ing, which, ln the opinion of the informer,
big, which, In the opinion of the informer,
manifests a corrupt disregard for law and
manifests a corrupt disregard for law and
ls contrary to the form, force and effect
ls contrary to the form, force and effect
of the statutes In such cases made and
provided and against the peace and dig
nity of the people. Secondly, Informer
Smith claims Justice of the Peace Cook,
upon taking his oath of offlce, failed to
upon taking hia oath of offlce. failed to
file his official bond, and lastly, the offi
file his official bond, and lastly, the offi
cials named have conspired together to
obstruct justice and the due administra
obstruct justice and the due administra
tion of the law, particularly ln the case
of Smith vs. Miller, all of which entitles
of Smith vs. Miller, all of which entitles
the Informer to Judgment as prayed.
And Still They Come.
OAKLAND, Oct. 2S.— Articles of incor
poration-were filed to-day by the Vulcan
poration were tiled to-day by the Vulcan
Oil Company, principal place of business
Oakland, capital stock $100,000; amount
Oakland, capital stock $10-1.000; amount
actually subscribed $24,000. The directors
actually subscribed $24,000. The directors
aro: A. J. Hinds, S. J. Bruce, George
arc: A. J. Hinds, S. J. Bruce, Georgo
Burbeck, W. W. Cameron. F. W. Baker,
Burbeck, W. AY. Cameron. F. W. Baker,
A. 11. Ackerman. L. A. Raflloer, all of
A. H. Ackerman, L. A. Haffloer, all of
Oakland, and who, with ex-Mayor W. R.
Oakland, and who, with ex-Mayor W. li.
Thomas, have each subscribed • $3000.
Thomas, have each subscribed $3000.
A visit
to the modern brewery
would be an education and
a revelation to most
people.
The immense vaults
where the brew is kept in
ice-cold and filtered air for
months to "ripen;" the
wonderful process of lin-
ing each keg anew each
time it is used with pitch
applied at a heat of 400
degrees, as well as the
scrupulous cleanliness
throughout. . But in
Wielands
Wielands
Extra Pale
Extra Pale
family table beer they don't
stop at that — each bottle
is sterilized after bottling.
Your grocer or telephone West 144.
California Bottling Co.
1407-17 Eddy St.
i *.* -..: x Wi -Z ■', Telephone
' ■■• ■ . QREEN 326.
- AMUSEMENTS. .;
CfIUTESJND ZOO.
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENINO.
•♦MAJOR MITE"
(Smallest Actor on Earth.)
highTdiver
AND A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
CON'T FAIL TO SEE
Frank flail Subdue "Wallace,^
THE MAN-EATER FROM THE ZOO."
"I'D RATHER THE GAS MAN".
SOUVENIRS FOR THE CHILDREN. "
Fhon» for Seats, Park 23.
. . .*- ... ...."*' ■ V ■
—From L«lf*
I AMUSEMENTS.
Week Commencing Sunday Matinee, Oct. 29.
Week Commencing Sunday Matinee, Oct. 29.
NEW CANDIDATES!
Strongest Bill Ever ln Town.
Strongest Bill Ever ln Town.
■„JAGK NIWORTH,.,
...JAGK NIWORTH...
One of America's wisest and wittiest mono-
logue entertainers, otherwise known as
"THE JAIL BIRD COON."
HAL FLORENCE
HAL FLORENCE
MERRITT and MURDOCK
MERRITT and MURDOCK
In a pantomime sketch, "LUNCHEON AT 2."
louise Dresser
louise Dresser
The girl from the Wabash, who has with her
two small, dark and clever pickaninnies.
WRIGHT HUNTINGTON
WRIGHT HUNTINGTON
2X-:.'yy- Assisted by
MISS ADELE FRANCIS and GEO. FARREN
The Best Comedy Combination in Vaudeville.
LAURA~BURT
LAURA~BURT
Who will speak on issues politic
«•«■ v^i-Ha imm9 /\..mm
....SADA....
The phenomenal virtuoso.
"Musicians should not miss hearing her." —
Alfred Metzger in The Call.
WALTON'S ACROBATIC SIMIANS
WALTON'S ACROBATIC SIMIANS
. The greatest hit of the season.
mlleTXotty
mlle7~lotty
A new electrical sensation this week.
MLLE, ERNA'SJUSICAL DOGS
MLLE. ERNA'S~MUSICAL DOGS
They play real tunes.
They play real tunes.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SUNDAY), OCT. 29.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SUNDAY). OCT. 29.
Parquet, 25 cents, any seat; Balcony, 10 cents;
Children, 10 cents. ' any part.
A few front orchestra rows reserved. 60 "cents.
COMING-NEXT "wiEK—
COMING-NEXT WEEK—
CORNBLLE,
The Fa-sons Frsnch Sing-ng Comediean.
The Faxons Francii Sing ng Ccmediens.
SAN MATEO COURSING PARK
SAN MATEO COURSING PARK
(Ocean View, this side Union Park.) ■
(Oe>?an View, this side Union Park.)
TO-DAY (Sunday), Oct. 29.
TO-DAY (Sunday), Oct. 29.
OPEN
OFEN
AND
AND
FUFFY .
FUFFY
STAKES
STAKES
AND
AND
Final Course of Inaugural Stake
Final Course of Inaugural Stake
BETWEEN
BETWEEN
CASH AND MINNEOLA,
CASH AND MINNEOLA,
Which will be run immediately after lunch.
Which will be run immediately after lunch.
86-— GREYHOUNDS— -86
86 — GREYHOUNDS — 86
$1200 IN PRIZES.
$1200 IN PRIZES.
San Mateo electrio cars every ten minutes.
San Mateo electric cars every ten minutes.
S. P. R. R., Third and Townsend. 10:16 a. m.,
11 a. m., 12 m. and 1 p. m., returning at 4:45 p.
m. and after last course. ■ . . ■
Admission, 25c. Ladies Free.
Admission, 25c. Ladies Free.
OLYMPIA oEoDRD.r»,n'6N
OLYMPIA cEoDRD.r^I'6N
The Only Free Vaudeville Show ln the City.
The Only Free Vaudeville Show in the City.
A BILL THAT BEATS THE BEST.
FRANK iBARTON,
FRANK BARTON,
A Coon Singer Without a P*»er.
A Coon Blnerer Without a Peer.
rousellTsrothers
rousellTbrothers
World's Champion Ring Artists.
World's Champion Ring Artists.
RUTH~NELTA,
ruthHnelta,
The Italian Songstress and Her Filipino Baby.
The Italian Songstress and Her Filipino Batiy.
And a Host of Others.
And a Host of Others.
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
ADMISSION FREE.
HOTHER WISMER^S CONCERT.
HOTHER WISMER'S CONCERT.
Violinist, Sherman & Clay Hall, 223 Sutter
street, next Tuesday eve., Oct. 31. 8:15, assist-
ed by Mrs. Alfred Abbey, Mrs. Mathilde Wi.***-
mer, Messrs. A. Solomon, Fred Maurer. Tick-
ets 60c, * includ. res. seat, at Sherman & Clay
and S. F. Music Co.. 21222. Sutter st. Res. seats
to-morrow and Tuesday at Sherman & Clay.
PjifT nnVAI MaXt.W/r?
uttr l nUiHL Fmo3L.LaiS
UHrL rIU IHL EamSLL"iS
.Valises checked Ire*.
A D VEBTISE.MENTS.
'au'Mi SPECIAL!
/ V *s^ * 75 Ladies' Tailor-made Suits,
/ \\^^*^^i like Cut' made of All*w°ol Che-
// "wlfffil^&*£\ viots and Homespuns. ' Latest
// f style cut. Weir made 'and per-
// Jf^flk^ Vn style cut Well made~and Per"
// $/*^*lJUs#s-l.\ feCt fitting. Come in Tans, Grays
Ll #tf lasMr§k and Browns; worth $16. 50.
1? /G&ikWk §1 special, <J£ 4Q n C
1? ll special, <£ 4o n c
IfljflßifAH ONLY cp AZ. 1 O
Vmlnskw °NLY q>l^. 1 O
JBm^ specialgolf cape.
Jilil SPECIAL GOLF CAPE-
MsM Hf '■^v-lil Golf Cape of Extra Quality, Double
'^__W^^l^^_\fi Face, P. aid Golfing; body showing
_W^_^M^^M^o_m- Blue, Red and Green Colorings; Revers
_W^^^'^^Ml'^X^''-^_\k and Hood, both with fringe and showing
/^^^^^^y/i'*^^' Hia Handsome Plaid Colorings; also, made
Wj^^Pi^^llt^t^wi with *^ounce' worth sio.
C!-:>Aiv4 Q_n kh
Special tpi.OU
Special %p ( •uVJ
16-18-20 GRANT AVENUE, Bet. Market and Geary.
16-18-20 GRANT AVENUE, Bet. Market and Geary.
2 WEEKS. ITg^h - A/ I 'f+ B-M SUNDAY,
BEGINNING mmm M %_**■ mI * M \__J MM M mmm Oct, 29,
-^^jgj. DUNNE A RYLEY PRESENT
Gsk MATHEWS
f DUNNE A RYLEY PRESENT
_. MATHEWS
|#l BULGER
Wj K//*^L-' 'J BULGER bis Vanderllla
*** _%_ it _-/k \'ffmC* \ In th* ,atest "vision of the bis VaudevHl*
W^^€k BY THE SAD SEA WAVES
W&xk KVERYTHIXG ABSOLUTELY WAVES
NJ /^s^ ■XWWWW&^f^Z^iW/^^l EVERYTHING ABSOLUTELY NEW BUT
*6 WkWZ^£!^\^&&/yJW?' THE TITLE OF THE PIECE.
lo\^Z%^Z^^_\7X^Wt^^ Ran 10S ni^htfl at Herald Square Theater, N. Y.
M I zTv^r-Y Wj^^ 40— STARS of COMEDY— 4O
1 a ' wW\/J/ See Mathews & Bulger's Entirely New Specialty
<^- ' SpeUo.COnrnedypriccs.s|Jsc>soc>2so
mM \ Sp^o,Comedyprices.S|>7sc>sQc>2so
CALIFORNIA THEATER The pHoopuusLEAß
breach of promise."
BREACH OF PROMISE"
commencing TO'NICHT, SUN DA V, and all next week
commencing TO'NICHT, SUN DA V, and all next week
THE AWFULLY FUNNY FARCE
THE AWFULLY FUNNY FARCE- —
. * __—W_ •«'^'.jrTweg«.-w:.-^TimßK:u _i.^l. *z:
ii _ 11l i 1 * RCES
mi r~ 1 irces
unending ip see him! 75c,50c,25c.
Unending jig seehmi || 75c,50c,25c.
I ailD'h ■»■!»* Matinees soc, 25c.
LaUgll 2|&3/f^!&jSl'Fflki9 SATURDAY, SUNDAY.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Grand and English Opera Season.
Might LA BELLE HELENE! Last Time.
SPECIAL FOR~" NEXT WEEK.
REAPPEARANCE IN GRAND CPERA OF
SIGMORS AVEDfINO, SALfISSfI. WfINRELL.
ANNA LICHTER. flDfl WALKER, etc..
In Meyerbeer's Tragic Creation,
MONDAY, WEDNESDAY, SATURDAY and
SUNDAY NIGHTS.
SUNDAY NIGHTS. ,
Balfe's Ever Popular Opera,
The Bohemian Girl!
TUESDAY, THURSDAY, FRIDAY EVEN-
INGS aad SATURDAY MATINEE.
TOM GREENE, ALF C. WHEELAN, WILLIAM
SCHUSTER. PHIL BRANSON, ADA
WALKER. CAROLINE KNOWLES. etc.
BOTH OPERAS SUPERBLY COSTUMED AND
STAGED! , •
ENLARGED ORCHESTRA AND CHORUS!
POPULAR PRIOES-25 and 50 Oents.
POPULAR PRIOES-25 and 50 Oents.
Telephone for Scats ßush 9.
★ ★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★-A-* ;
OPEN FROM 1 UNTIL 12 P. M.
Steeplechase \
CENTRAL PARK
CENTRAL PARK
Is now the funniest resort in America. Coney
Is now the funniest resort In America. Coney
Island transferred to San Francisco to make
every one laugh. Everything new and novel.
Pronounced by thousands to be the real thing.
jjVe —PROFESSOR HILL.
King of the Wire, Is a Wonder.
Admission to All Attractions and Rides — 10c j
HANDSOME PRESENTS FOR ALL.
HANDSOME PRESENTS " FOR ALL.
***** ****************
DEUTSCHES THEATER
DEUTSCHES THEATER
(Comedy Theater, Bush street.)
SUNDAY EVENING. Oct. 29, 1899.
First Time in America,
JEDEM DAS SEINE.
JEDEM DAS SEINE.
SUPERB CAST. APPOINTMENTS and MISE-
SUPERB CAST. APPOINTMENTS and MISE-
EN-SCENE.
. Box office now ,open.
Telephone Main 1796.
The Weekly Call, 16
The Weekly Call, 16
-y ■■■'-;.' ■:..■-■
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 512.
ADVANCE CALIFORNIA.
Genuine and Unanimously Conceded Triumph
of H. J. Stewart's and Clay M. Greene'*
Comic Opera.
THE
CONSPIRATORS!
CONSPIRATORS!
Which Will Be Presented Every Evening Till
Further Notice.
A FORMIDABLE RIVAL TO
"ROBIN HOOD."
POPULAR PRICES— SOc. 35c, 25c. 15c and l"c.
POPULAR PRICES— SOc. 35c. 25c. 15c and 10c.
A Good Reserved Seat at Saturday Matinee 2oc.
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
Branch Ticket Offlce— Emporium.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT J.
THIS SUNDAY NIGHT AND
...ALL OF NEXT W/EEK....
The Press and Public Have Lots of Good
Things to Say of
THE THREE
MUSKETEERS!
MUSKETEERS!
CHRONICLE— "The production la re-marl*.
able; players entirely satisfactory."
PRICES— ISc, 25c, 35c, 50c.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
UNION COURSING PARK.
TO-BAY OCTOBER 29th TO-DAY
SAPLING
OPEN "STAKES
OPENvSTAKES
$1000 in Prizes.
CHAMPION DOGS IN THE RUNNING
Popular Melody Concert by the Band.
Popular Melody Concert by the Band.
Train Service— Leaves Third and Townsend
sts., 11 a. m., 12 m. and 1 p. m. ; returning at
4:45 and Immediately after last course. San
Mateo Electric Cars , every ten minutes.
ADMISSION 25c. LADIES FREE.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1899-CALIFORNIA JOCKEY" OLUB— I9OQ
Winter Meeting, beginning SATURDAY. Hey-
tember 23, 1899.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday. Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Bain or thine.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp. .
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. ana
12:30. 1. 1:30. 2, 2:30 and 3 p. in.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to tha
track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
All trains via Oakland Mole connect with Saa
Pablo avenue Electric Cars at Seventh and
-Broadway, Oakland. .Also all trains. via Ala-
meda Mole connect with iSa-i Pablo avenua
cars at Fourteenth and Broadway, Oakland.
These electric cars go direct to the track In tlf-
teen minutes.
Returning*— >aye the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROY." Secretary.
Pages, $1 per Year.
1314
FRATERNAL NEWS.
Order of Eastern Star. '
Each chapter will elect Its officers on I
the first meeting night In November.
After the closing of the session of the I
Grand Chapter about ninety of the dele- |
gates paid a visit to the Masonic Widows' i
und Orphans' Homo at Decoto. The visit j
was a very pleasant one, and during tho ■
stay of the visitors the little children of j
the home entertained the visitors with j
songs, and in return Mrs. George E. Darl- j
ing, wife of the grand patron, who is pos- I
sessed of an admirable voice, and Mrs.
Vawter, the grand treasurer, sang for
the* children.
Harmony Chapter has donated to the
home all the furniture requisite for fur
nishing the reception parlor for ladles.
Mrs. JohnTonnlngsen has donated a piano
to the home. il* .
Last Wednesday night Olive Branch
Chapter met In its hall In the Native i
Sons' bull-ding for the first time under Its
recently Issued charter. Mrs. Mary B.
Partridge, P. M. \Y. G. M., presided as
matron and George L. Darling. W. G. P.,
as patron. There were present Worthy
Grand Matron Mrs. Fannie T. McCowen,
Past Grand Patron Dr. Lawrence, Vener
able Past Grand Patron William S.
Moses, Grand Secretary Mrs. K. J. wll
lats. Assistant Grand Secretary Miss
Susie M. Wlllats. , ast Grand Organist
Mrs. George L. Darling, Mrs. B. B. Dun
can, matron of Golden Gate Chapter; M.
J. Savage patron of Harmony Chapter;
Past Grand Treasurer Mrs. I. Horton.
Rev. W. E. Smith, Dr. Plummer. Mr. and
Mrs. John Tonningsen and many other
visitors. These witnessed the conferring
of the degree in Mrs. John McNichols
and Mrs. Elizabeth Butler. After the
work there was a social hour and the
serving of coffee and cakes.
East Thursday night Century Chapter,
which received from the last held Grand !
Chapter Its charter and was allowed to
drop the name "Century" and take up
"King Dion," gave a calico party in
Franklin Hall in honor of the change of
name. The hall, which had been prettily
decorated, was well filled and all enjoyed
a well selected programme of dances. The
feature of the evening, however, was a
Cakewalk In which several couples took
part. The Judges awarded the cake to
Dr. Ellis and Mrs. Lake. There were
present many prominent members of the :
order and many of the lady relatives of j
the members of King Solomon Lodge, F.
and A. M. The function, one of the most
pleasant given by this chapter, was under
the direction of Mrs Antoinette Wood,
Miss May O'Keefe, Mrs. Olive Bottomley,
Harry Baher and Charles Powers, with
D. Keefe as floor manager. The worthy
matron, Mrs. A. M. Blade, assisted the
committee In making the' evening an en
joyable one.
Odd Fellowship.
One of the results of the recent celebra
tion is the awakening of a deep interest In
the order. Many of the members who had
drop] out are asking to be reinstated.
and all the lodges are receiving applica
tions from strangers who wish to join.
Last night there was a special session of
the Grand Lodge at Kelseyvllle for the
purpose of conferring the Grand Lodge
and Past Grand degrees on a number or
candidates. The lodge was opened by
Grand Master Bonynge and Grand Secre
tary Shaw.
There is quite a boom in the Rebekah
Degree. A new lodge was instituted last
Thursday night by Mrs. H. M. Carpenter,
president of the assembly, at Los Angeles.
ro-morrow night she will Institute one
at Orange. Last night one was Instituted
at Volcano, and another will shortly be
Instituted at Bodie.
Brooklyn Rebekah Lodge of East Oak
land Initiated nine candidates ln the past
three weeks
The employes of the California Street
Railroad who are Odd Fellows, last week
surprised Joseph W. Harris, past grand
patriarch, the superintendent of the road,
by presenting him a most beautiful collar
of his rank In the order.
Valentine Holt Society.
The members of the Valentine Holt So
ciety of the Children of the American
Revolution a few days since, through
Carmel M. ram, acting corresponding
secretary, sent a communication to the
California Society of the Sons of the
American Revolution, which was assem
bled it the Palace, 'rating the one
hundred and eighteenth anniversary ofth*
surrender of Lord Cornwallis, at York
town; in which were the following words:
"As were and are the fathers, so may the
children ever be. May the seed planted
by your society in 1875. uniting as it has.
the eastern and western shores in the
bonds of fraternity. increase in Influence,
until the fires of patriotism shall be light
ed on overy hearthstone throughout .hit
beloved land: and may the societies of the
tons. Daughters and Children of the
American Revolution never swerve trom
tha purposes for which they were organ
ized."
To this Edward Connell. sccretarv of
Edward Bonnell. sccretarv of
the Society of Sons, responded as follows:
"The members of the California Society,
Sons of the American Revolution, ac
knowledge the receipt of your patriotic
greeting at their banquet held to com
memorate the surrender of Cornwallls
The sentiments expressed therein are cor
eli.-illy reciprocated, and prove that the
samo feelings which prompted the ances
tors of the children of the American Rev
olution to battle for a inst cause are per
petuated in tho test descendants. We
Join ln your invocation that the patriotic
societies 'may never swerve from the pur
pose for which they were organized '
With best wishes for your growth and
prosperity."
Ancient Order of Workmen.
Triumph Lodge will on the evening of
Tuesday next give an entertainment In Its
hall in the Odd Fellows' building.
Superior Lodge, which was instituted in
the Western Addition last December, has
increased Us membership list from thirty
five nn the niirht of institution to ninety
and it Is still growing.
Unity Lodge has made all its arrange
ments for Its smoker next Tuesday night.
There will be a good programme and re
freshments. This lodge, gives refresh
ments a la Honduras and a la Louisiana
every Tuesday evening.
Miss Lucy Genis, D. D. G. C, of H. of
Sacramento County, instituted Lodge No
99 of the Degree of Honor at Folsom •
Lodge No. 100 will be Instituted at wat
ford. Stanislaus County, on November 4
and No. 101 at Hollister on the 10th.
Grand Recorder Mrs. Kate M. Poland
had so far recovered from her illness last
week that she was able to be In the oflice
last week to attend to the mailing of the
new constitution to the lodges.
Native Sons.
Next Wednesday Grand President Mat
tlson. Grand Secretary Lunstedt and other
ADVZRTISEMZ2TTS.
Tent free to men"
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mail
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remarka-
Free trial packages of a most remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tied for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It
is a home treatment and all men who
suffer with any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back,
varicocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
• The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where It Is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the nat-
ural functions and has been an absolute
success In all cases. A request to the
State Medical Institute.' m Elektron
building. Ft. Wayne. Ind., stating that
«you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with promptly. The
Institute is desirous of reaching that
great class of men who are unable to
leave home to be treated, and the free
'sample will enable them to see how easy
it Is to be cured of sexual weakness when
the proper remedies- are employed. The
Institute makes no restrictions. Any maun
who writes will be sent a free sampls,
carefuUy sealed in a plain package, so
'that Its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are j
requested to write wttbdut tiQ&yi j
grand officers will reinstltute Oakdale
Parlor with a charter list of fifty mem
bers, who were secured by J. J. Dunlap
of Oakdale and H. Sanders of California
Parlor.
Woodland Parlor on last Wednesday
initiated twenty-five candidates In the
presence of Grand President Mattison,
who was the guest of the evening, and
who delivered an instructive and interest
ing address. E. T. Lampion is the presi
dent and W. B. Aldrlch the secretary of
this parlor. _ _
Grand First Vice President Judge R. C.
Rust will pay an official visit to Presidio
Parlor to-morrow night, when ritualistic
work will be exemplified on a number of
candidates. He will be accompanied by
a number of grand officers.
During the middle of November Grand
Treasurer H. S. Martin and Grand Secre
tary Lunstedt will visit the parlors ln
Plumas, Sierra. Placer, Nevada and Las
sen counties.
Golden Gate Parlor has appointed the
following named as its 1900 jubilee com
mittee: F. Suhr, D. Wilson, J. Bailey,
Joseph Harrington and W. King.
Woodmen of the World.
Last Wednesday night the Bureau of
Relief of the Woodmen of the World, but
recently organized, gave its first grand
ball In Odd Fellows' Assembly Hall,
which for the occasion had been most
artistically decorated. The function wag
directed uy Miss Alice Perrin, B. T.
Schell. V. F. de Roco. M. B. Estes, Dr.
Whitehead. D. Oliver Jr. and W. J. Mcr
rifleld of the reception committee; Her
bert B. Meggs, floor manager, assisted by
J. O. Hayes. Stanley Stewart, W. J. Mal
laday and N. Rhodes. There was a well
Arranged programme of dances. This
board has for Its purpose the rendering
of assistance to Woodmen who come to
the city from any part of the jurisdiction
of the Pacific on th» same lines with other
fraternal organizations, who assist visit
ing members in sickness or distress. The
organization, of which Herbert B. Meggs,
consul commander of Mission Camp, is
the president, has been meeting with a
great deal of encouragement in and out
of the city. -• * ■-*■'* : , '■*.
Golden Gate Camp at its meeting last
Monday nigh; received four applications.
At the meeting to-morrow night the de
gree team will initiate fifteen candidates.
Tamalpais Camp will hold an open meet
ing in the Oriental Hall of the Alcazar
building to-morrow night.
The Choppers' Friendship Club at Its
meeting last Friday night discussed a
proposition to amend the ritual, had worK
In the Initiatory degree and after business
was entertained by Neighbor Strong with
selections on the phonograph.
Women of the Woodcraft.
Last Wednesday night Redwood Circle
No. 72 gave an entertainment and ball in
the banquet hall of the Native Sons'
building. There were present many of
the friends of the members, who were en
tertained by a programme made up of
the following numbers: Duet, Mrs. E.
Newman and Miss Agnes McCullough;
recitation,.. Miss F. Van Meter; violin
solo, Miss Alice Guthrie; vocal solo, Miss
Pearl Van Meter: address. Mr. Schwen
herd; recitation, 7.. T. Whitton, and vocal
and Instrumental numbers by Mrs. E.
Newman. Miss Bardhun, James Newman
and A. B. Morgan. After thai there was
a programme of dancing. The function
was greatly enjoyed by all. V. Daniels is
the guardian neighbor of the circle and
the function was under the direction of
Mrs. F. Wilder. Mrs. Emma Newman,
Mrs. Lucia Robison, Mrs. B. Blangy and
Miss Loveland.
Order of Americus.
At a recent meeting of San Francisco
Council No. I*4 of the Order of Americus
the following named were added to the
membership by initiation: Julius Gabriel,
F. C. Sunder. J. G. Hardy, A. J. Duke.
W. E. Klipstein. William J. Rldgeway
and J. S. Godeau. This council prides it
self upon a uniform, steady growth since
institution. It has but one suspension in
the past six months and it has had an
unusual number of applications for In
crease in the amount of certificates.
Lincoln Relief Corps.
Last Wednesday night Lincoln Relief
Corps No. 3, Women's Relief Corps, of
this city had a campfire and entertain
ment in B'nai B'rith Hall, which was at
tended by a very large number of peo
ple. The patriotism of the camp was
manifested by many patriotic decorations
and the tastefully arranged stage, on
which there was a setting of tents in
Imitation of a military camp. The affair
was under the management of Mrs. Han
nah J. Hobbert, Mrs. Dot S. Mortimer,
Nina Sheldon and Mrs. Vaughn. The
programme included an overture by the
orchestra, the singing of the "Star-Span
gled Banner" by Dot S. Mortimer. As ]
she appeared on the stage a detail from
Lincoln Post, Grand Army of the Repub- !
lie, entered the hall and all rose in salute j
to the colors. The detail formed around
the singer and made a pretty tableau. !
Two charming little girls. Misses Adam
and Dearborn, gave an exhibition of cake- j
walking; Miss Nellie Bowlln, San Fran
cisco's versatile actress, entertained with ■
her latest specialties and was recalled l
three times; Frederick Everett favored i
with a vocal solo; Keslleher and O'Connor j
danced Irish jigs to the music of Profes
sor McCarthy's bagpipes, after which
there was served In the banquet hall an I
excellent supper. The hall was brilliant j
In decorations and tho tables to accom
modate two hundred were most artistical
ly dressed. As a souvenir of the occasion
there was given to each guest a napkin
having unon it the emblem of the Grand
Army, the several corps badges, the
badge of the Woman's Relief Corps, that
of the Sons of Veterans and that of tho
Loyal Legion. After supper there was
dancing till midnight.
The National Union.
Golden Gate Council at ita meeting last
Tuesday night added one to Its member
ship by initiation, and after the business
of the evening had an Interesting pro
gramme. The council has arranged a
social evening for the Hth of next month.
During the month about twenty mem
bers have been added to the order by
Initiation. There is every prospect that
forty more will be Introduced to the sev
eral councils by the end of November.
Deputy J. X. Bunting has gone to Fres
no to organize a council of the order
there.
San Joaquin Council at Its last held
meeting received five applications.
Next Tuesday evening the National
Union Social and Literary Club will,
under the patronage of tho San Francisco
Cabinet, give Its first entertainment In
Golden Gate Hall. Dancing will follow a
high-class programme.
Ancient Order of Druids.
The visit of the noble grand arch and ■
grand secretary to Madrona and Luis de '
Camoens groves ln Santa Cruz was i
marked by Initiations, the conferring of
the second and third degrees ln a satis- '•
factory manner and the presentation of j
two applications. At a banquet which |
followed the official visitation there were
some very interesting and instructive :
epeechos by the visitors and remarks by
many of the members. On the following !
day the visitors were the guests of the
groves and they were driven over the
beautiful roads in the Santa Cruz moun
tains and shown many points of interest. I
The noble grand arch and grand secre- i
tary, assisted by a number of past noble
grand and past arches, Instituted Olive ;
Grove at Colma recently with thirty-four I
charter members. A banquet and Jolll- |
flcaUon followed the Institution.
Knights and Ladies of Honor.
At the recent session of the Supreme
Lodge there was a readjustment of the
rates on the equalization plan to the end
that rates are now fixed on the basis of
payment for the risk involved. Grand
Secretary Qultzow will shortly pay a visit
to the lodges of the Jurisdiction for tho
purpose of explaining the changes ' that
nave been made.
At the session of that body W. H.
Qultzow, Miss Emma Qultzow and Mrs.
Colombet of San Jose woro created past
grand protectors. Mrs. Mary E. < 'arleton
of West End Lodge of this city and at
present a resident of Indianapolis, where
■She ls publishing the official organ of the
order, was chosen the press representa
tive. ,
Order of B'ne B'rith.
Grand Secretary Aschhelm has, under
direction of the general committee, pre
pared and will soon issue to the several
lodges of the Jurisdiction a new form of
death proof, which will have a tendency
to prevent complications, which at times
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 29, 1899.
arise In the use of the blanks now in use.
An effort is being made to have all
members who have not yet applied for
beneficiary certificates to do so In order
to avoid the confusion ln the case of the
death of a member who was entitled to
such a document.
The expression of opinion of the differ
ent lodges of the Jurisdiction on the sub
ject of holding the constitutional Grand
Lodge session ln this city or in Chicago Is
greatly in favor of Chicago.
The grand president is making official
visits to the lodges ln the Northwest.
A number of German books have been
supplied for the B. B. library. This
Institution is well supplied with current
periodicals.
Friends of the Forest.
The entertainment that is to be given by
Pioneer Lodge and which was announced
for last Tuesday, will not be given until
next Tuesday. The affair will take place j
ln the lodgeroom in the Foresters' build
ing.
Mlzpah Lodge had a pleasant meeting j
last Wednesday night, there being a large
attendance present, and among the visit
ors were members of Pioneer . and
America lodges. This lodge will hold an
open meeting next Wednesday night.
Young Men's Institute.
San Francisco Council No. 7 has ar
ranged for Its fourteenth anniversary ball
to be given in Native Sons' Hall on the
24 th of November.
Columbia Council has appointed a com
mittee to arrange for a social to be given
in the near future.
It is probable tha/ hereafter the lectures
in the name of the order will be under the
auspices of the .lecture bureau Instead of j
the individual councils, as in the past.
Degree of Pocahontas.
Matoaka Council of the Degree of Poca
hontas, I. O. R. M., which Is at home j
every Thursday ln Mission Opera Hall, '
has during the past year— the third of Its
existence— made a most remarkable gain
in membership, and is now in line for be- '
coming the banner council before the next
session of the Great Council. Last Thurs- j
day night it adopted two and received ]
several applications. This council has set
aside the first Saturday night ln each \
month for a social. The board of direct
ors of the Red Men's Home and Orphan j
Asylum will give a grand ball under the ,
auspices of this council on the 2d of De- i
cember in aid of the homo fund.
* W- DB. PIERCES REMEDIES.
Have their periods of weakness and peril. From childhood to old age, from the "infant puling in its nurse's ||M|4 IVI A rSP*B^ jffl ||
arms" to the "lean and slippered pantaloon," each period of life sees humanity at the mercy of chance and eir-
cumstance. The condition upon which a man lives and thrives is that he protects himself from the attacks of fcr -SEBSffiSSa^^
the myriads of germs which imperil his health. Keep the blood healthy and the body is healthy. The blood is Bp*' rfl»_^_ \
the river of life. It nourishes ever}' organ of the body. Let the river of blood get tainted and the body at | <^^^^^^ J
once suffers in the organ most susceptible to attack from disease. Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discovery jj ff^S-^Pfif |
fortifies the body against attacks from disease. It does this by purifying the blood and eliminating the waste and I \tT • 1
poisonous substances which form the breeding ground of the germs of disease^ It strengthens the digestive and | S^Jl If
nutritive system so that the body is adequately nourished. It increases the activity of the blood-making glands, J j^*9>>^^^o^__________ \\
so that the body is strengthened by an increased supply of pure blood. To this is due the wonderful cures f K§»l ■ J
of blood disease, nerve disease, heart disease, lung disease, and diseases of other organs, performed by "Golden 1 > ,T|^fe?-:-'-^B^® 1
Medical Discovery." It cures eruptions, because it removes from the blood the foul conditions which breed skin a 11
diseases. It cures nervous diseases and heart "trouble" by invigorating the stomach and organs of digestion and 11 A XZTi X^^ft^B If
nutrition, and so giving the body the elements of nutrition, out of which J w^^^r^\ll'H^feW 1
j^fl^^^fe jl. strength is made. It heals weak lungs by pouring into the enfeebled fl ((
('^Hffife- Medicine cannot make blood nor make strength. Blood and strength jj !m^w\\\ h If
w^^pikJ|^^ X%- £-■■s* are mac^e from food. But food only makes blood and strength when its \fo (^•l||f^\ * % <2J
"S^^^jw '^^^S &£i^r\\ nourishing elements are extracted and assimilated. "Golden Medical Dis-
J^^^Sp -yW^^ fißsU.l covery" invigorates the weak stomach, so that the nourishment in the food /Ss^*^ &V?'f^V
I>^/S lir is extracted and assimilated, thus making blood and strength. Ninety-eight [Jx^ t^^ h^^VJs
}j ■ ll^^^^^^^^^^-^Wdi II \| I Per cent* °*" a^ w*lo given the " Discovery " a fair trial have been /Af\\ _f&-_i& *" Vll/^i
>^Ml/IH^J^^'^fflPM Perfectly and permanently cured. Att
There is no alcohol contained in "Golden Medical Discovery," f. S^"" \^^^^M^J^^w^i
v^^BpMwb^^ There is no alcohol contained in "Golden Medical Discovery," - ■ "-^•^
.^;W^^^jß^^^^^mr J WBMhx neither opium, cocaine, nor other narcotic. P^^^^^^aW^ 5^
Ww^*' no c^ea^er' Sa^n °^ a larger profit, rob you of the cure *— \ *---,
--S tS^^_^^J^^_m^-W:^^^M >^_ you seek by offering you a substitute as "just as good." There is •■*■— V *" yBKsW
\J^^BBSSr^^Sr!^^S^^^'^^ nothing ?'just as good" as "Golden Medical Discovery." -^ V^^j ~^'/ffi//\'^/ffl\
'• ' -<\-_i®W§Z2~^w / .<%?**r^?/ "^ nm l^"11^ to say that if it had not been for Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discovery, I would J / fljW^ ///'/ j^^B^Wvwn^^/ I
,I I urfiM&z^^T >M%*^ '/ "^ am to En)T t'iat **•-■" *^a^ not 'or *^r- Pierce' 9 Golden Medical Discovery, I would j j yn^ /:s'/ M^l7wOT7 /
' l„. / \\\'SmK___v^_-Wf X%9t / have been in my grave two or three years ago," writes Mr. Daniel A. Carter, of Yost, Rowan Co., I* • ,-<W-&^^WBt y^J^rSC^ - 1
x\\ 'iw^^^^w Ss£^ ' N.C. Six' years ago last August I was attacked with malarial fever; was in bed nine days, and then 1 j^y'*-- IS >^L V"~»w<*->>J
■ ' rh' '''fflr2& '/'' taken with chills. Had this six months. My spleen became enlarged, and I was in bed off and on I -=^r._Ja, B <"~*-~^r"l
'fl' "W™ff/ ' for four years. I went to the doctors, and some of them said I had dyspepsia, others said I had J ""* '>i^~'r'i*^fe./S'] *'--: I
I liver, trouble. The last doctor I had called it chronic liver and .stomach -disease. So I paid out I '^L^QTi*^*' «^-" V
— -n^-n _ money and nothing did me any good. I borrowed one of Dr. Pierces Common Sense Medical J yW^W.".'- V
/) »f\^kV*Ci a. 'Advisers from one of my neighbors, and read about the Doctor's success. Last August, two years Ih-frinnTilfc--**-* ___h* m wrwCT
(J X2^«j V^V^— -^A— Tv s\-%**-VAJ*--- _^n, - commenced taking Dr. Pierce* medicin**, and used ten bottles, and now I can do as big a ftffiU^ ''^''"SMP*-'*'
• * ▼—■"-*-</ -*. *+ fay** work as any man. lam 32 years old. I now weigh 180 pounds. vgr . >W|j
ff hod Night mmi Day. Tho Boot Blood Purifier £&& f^
«My wife was taken sick in August, 1897, and was sick for five or six "This is to certify that Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discovery is the best IV VJ^«Sf»ib.
weeks," writes William Hnelbig, Esq., of Benton, Franklin Co., Ills. "The Wood purifier that I ever used," writes Mrs. M. Hartrick, of Demster, Oswego r-^/T\ .JJiUiUuLj |TLfriU«WP«, '
doctors and neighbors pronounced her tremble consumption. I had two physi- Co., N.Y. "It is about three years since my health began to fail. Last f ■'fftfflgff*' IHH
clans but they did not do nir.ch good. She coughed night and day; could not September I gave out entireiT -with -what the physicians pronounced enlarge- -|\S ffi IB lnwW^.l '
lie down for coughing, and she got very low. I thought she never could be ment of the liver. Could not do anything ;mv back pained me all the time ; '$/ W&Kh A?\| In vHtfP/W.
cured. Then 1 got four bottles of Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discovery, and the doctor said I mnst not ride ;in fact. I could not ride nor -walk, nor hardly IfewSS^aPk 1 ! MS^f^^'ol I
she took the whole of it, and is all' right new. She is stouter now than before sit still ; could not lie on mv right side. I commenced taking the Golden S*-**fSH^^^lfiSK^i
we were married. If it had gOt b?en for Dr. Pierces medicines, she would Medical Discovery ' and * Pellets '—took them for three months, until enred, __U__i^o'^ ll\^O^S_V '3H£
have died* in a short while. We cannot praise this medicine enough. She is and still continue the 'Pellets.' I will be glad if I can do anything to help IHR!* ( LvV>^^P'
taking care of the baby" and does all of the housework, including the washing." those who are suffering. Yon can publish this letter if yon think best" I tPJi^fS**-** M ft^ *^^^^sftT^
%^S wtmlW Mi wWM m 1/ mSSs^ 1
Last year. This year as much or more will be given to the people who ask for it. DON'T YOU J/ Jr* (g
Last year. This year as much or more will be given to the people who ask for it. DON'T YOU J*^ Z^MJ*
WANT YOUR SHARE ? You can have it by sending a request to Dr. R. V. Pierce, for a copy of his W^_ _^f%
great work, The People's Common Sense Medical Adviser. Stamps to pay expense of mailing Billow. '
ONLY, must accompany each request. Exclusive of the cost of mailing paid by those who asked PJjpauP'^^^
ONLY, must accompany each request. Exclusive of the cost of mailing paid by those who asked uP*'*^^*^-^^'^ \3
for the book, it cost the author, Dr. R. V. Pierce, over $25,000 last year to carry out his agreement \ f 1
and give a copy of this book to all who cared enough about it to pay the bare expense of mailing. 1 f \^ V \
The "Medical Adviser" contains 1008 large pages and over 700 illustrations. It is the most prac \ / I \A-p OV\v
tical work on hygiene, physiology, reproduction, and medicine, ever offered to the public It tells / \ N^fe (M
the plain truth in plain English. Send 31 one-cent stamps (to pay expense of mailing ONLY) $t A* <./\}\ll/0(-
-for the "Adviser" bound in strong and durable cloth. Or, send 21 stamps for mailing, and obtain *\1 "^W^S N)l kSW
the book in paper covers. ,^ . DR. R. V. PIERCE, Buffato, N. Y. < \tuk^WjA
A GREAT FRATERNAL
ENTERTAINMENT
ANNIVERSAY CELEBRATION OF
THE WORKMEN ORDER.
Thousands Turned Away From Odd
Fellows' Hall for Want of Room
to Accommodate Them.
Of the 11.000 people who received Invita
tions to be present in Odd Fellows' Hall
at the celebration of the thirty-first anni
versary of the organization of the Ancient
Order of United Workmen last Friday
more than 9000 accepted, but owing to the
smallnees of the hall more than 6000 were
unable to gain admission. The seating
capacity of the hall was occupied to its
limit and the side aisles were crowded by
men and women who stood during the en-
tire literary and musical programme.
The hall was very prettily decorated
with red and blue bunting, relieved with
many banners bearing the letters A. O.
U. W. and with American flags. Over the
platform there was a very large banner
fringed with silver bullion, having upon
its face the emblem of the order— the an-
chor symbolizing hope and the shield sym
bolic of protection. The stage was occu
pied by Grand Master Workman J. M.
Collins; C. E. Snook, grand foreman;
Frank M. Poland, grand recorder; Samuel
i Booth, grand treasurer; Dr. J. L. Mayon,
j grand medical examiner; Edwin Dan-
I lorth, deputy grand master; William H.
! Barnes, past grand master workman, and
David S. Hirshberg, past grand recorder.
i The vast audience was called to order by
the grand master, who In a few words
explained the purpose of the meeting and
then introduced William J. Hynes, who
for a quarter of an hour, amused the au
dience with songs and humorous stories.
Past Grand Master Barnes then spoke
for some time on "Protection, as Offered
by the Ancient Order of United Work
men," and by facts and figures made clear
how the order, in the past thirty-one years,
had given protection to the beneficiaries of
more than 44,500 members, who in that
time had joined the silent majoritY, and
that in extending that protection to
widows, orphans or blood relatives of
those deceased members the living mem
bers had contributed the enormous sum
of J59.000.000. the contributions being in
small monthly assessments by each, and
explained that It is the duty of all young
men with families to protect their homes,
I for unless they do so widows and orphans
may come to want.
"Better Than Gold," was sung by
Mrs. Walter Malloy. Then came a
tenor solo by W. J. O'Brien; a cake-
walk by Master Arthur Parent and
Miss Bessie Shean; soprano solo, Miss
Edna Camp; an address on "Fraternity
As Exemplified by the Ancient Order
United Workmen," by Past Grand Re-
corder David S. Hirshberg, who in a logi-
c al and most eloquent manner showed
the fraternity that exists In the order and
' that is the foundation stone of its stand
ing and success. Miss Lottie read. "The
Innocent Drummer"; Professor E. A.
Wolff favored with an Instrumental solo,
and the A. O. U. W. quartet, D. M. Law
rence, Fletcher Tilton, C. L. Gage and C.
, L. Parent, rendered A. O. U. W. songs and
choruses. The programme closed with a
: humorous song by Samuel Booth, the
: grand .receiver. Dancing followed until
; 1 a. m. This event— the most successful
: ever given under the auspices of a fra
ternal beneficiary organization In this
city— was under the direction of the fol
! lowing named: Entertainment Committee
! —Grand Master J. M. Collins (chairman).
, Deputy Grand Master E. Danforth, Grand
Foreman Charles E. Snook, J. T. Kidd
> and J. H. McKnight. Walter Malloy, di
! rector of entertainment.
PYTHIAN KNIGHTS.
A Grand Social Given East Friday
• Night in Three Halls in the
Pythian Castle.
The social given by the entertainment
committee of the several lodges of the
Knights of Pythias of this city in Pythian
Castle last Friday night was in every way
a successful affair, three halls on the up
per floor being required to accommodate
the large number of gallant Knights and
fair ladles who were present by Invitation.
Two of the halls were devoted to the
ladles and their escorts who desired to
dance, while the other was for those of
the sterner sex who preferred to smoke
and play a game at euchre or whist.
Those who were most prominent among
the many were: Mr. and Mrs. Herman
Schaffner, Mr. and Mrs. C. VV. Nevin,
Mr. and Mrs. C. S. Hoffman, Mr. and Mrs.
Ernest Ulman, Mr. and Mrs. A. G. Lucas,
Mr. and Mrs. E. J. Wilson, Mr. and Mrs.
V. C. Post, Mr. and Mrs. John Huber,
Mr. and Mrs. A. K. Stevens, Mr. and Mrs.
Isaac Steindler, Mr. and Mrs. H. Strieker,
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Milly, Mr. and Mrs.
Numar Rose. Captain and Mrs. W. J.
Kidd, Colonel and Mrs. J. C. Lohmeyer,
Mr. and Mrs. A. B. Cheshire, Dr. and Mrs.
G. S. Bachman, Dr. and Mrs. J. I. Man
son.
General and Mrs. F. A. Mersuire. Dr.
and Mrs. A. S. Tuchler, Mrs. Charles H.
Ward and mother, Mr. and Mrs. Julius
Wolff, Colonel and Mrs. J. H. Wright,
Mr. and Mrs. W. L. Cowles. Mr. and Mrs.
Gustav Schwarzman, Mr. and Mrs. J. J.
Olsen. Mr. and Mrs. Robert Graham, Mr.
and Mrs. H. F. Wright, Mr. and Mrs.
Newman Frank, Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Dan
ton, Mr. and Mrs. M. F. Tillson. Mr. and
Mrs. E.B. Harding, Dr. and Mrs. J. B.
Clifford. Mr. and Mrs. F. A. Koegel, Mr.
and Mrs. William Ellis. Mr. and Mrs. J.
Stoddard, Mr. and Mrs. Samuel ? Hansen,
Captain and Mrs. H. Borneman, Mr. and
Mrs. B. Schiff, Mr. and Mrs. A. C. Kull.
Mr. and Mrs. S. Danzlger, Mr. and Mrs.
Samuel Harris. Mr. and Mrs. M. Kramer,
Dr. and Mrs. B. L. Heisse, Captain and
-urs. S. Liebblng, Captain and Mrs. C. A.
Bryant, Mr. and Mrs. Henry Beaver, Mr.
and Mrs. F. A. Mecredy, Mr. and Mrs. I
V. Schofield,. Mr. and Mrs. T. W. Perry.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles McCloud, Mr. and
Mrs. J. W. Robertson. Mr. and Mrs. 1. J.
Welch, Mr. and Mr*. J. B. Wear, Mr. and
Mrs. Robert McArthur.
Mesdames A. L. Perat. Dora Lalson.
Charles Hatch. J. M. Brook, J. M. Gra
ham, L. Gibson, L. Monta.J. S. Purdce.
J. W. G. Simmons, L. B. Daggett, S. P.
Daggett. H. Bray, M. Moffatt, M. A.
Samuels.
Misses Carrie Dalliba, Jennie Dalliba,
Mamie Dalliba. Hazel Hoffman, Lottie
Ulman. Myllle Sayior, Annie Shean, Ma
mie Shean, Grace Shean, Edith Cowles,
Geraldine Cowles, Kitty Burke, .Jennie
Wright, Sophie Frank, Carrie Frank
Ruby Savior, Grace Sayior. Essie Leon
ard L. B. Daggett, Laura Bearing.' Nellie
Mahoney, Rose Schweitzer, Genevieve
Grundley, Olive Perat, Annie Herzog. Car
rie Harris, Millie Wilson, Ada Wright
Bertie Douglass, Jennie Springer. Celia
Faraco. Maud Wlgham, Rose Bell, Hat
tie Glmpel. Irene Noltlng, Ethel Perry,
Helen Robertson. Grace Bray, Marie
Brownier, Hope Mecredy, Gracie amuels.
Messrs. H. K. Coon, Captain Dariel
Hannah, D. M. Skillin, A. Wulff, H. C
Hincken, J. W. C. Beattie, J. Sorrensen.
W. C. Wilcox, John T. Welby, C. i'
Groome, Frank Abrams, S. W. Powell,
R. E. Lane. Rudolph Melners, F. Radel
finger, O. Moscrop, Charles Dwight, Wl.
11am Miller, Charles Ellert, E. Beckers,
W. H. Bodfish, J. Williams, Oscar Hoff
man, D.-M. Powell.
During the evening. Past Grand Chan
cellor George Samuels, on behalf of Gold
en City Lodge, presented to Herman
Schaffner, grand keeper of records ami
seal, an elegant silver service in token of
its appreciation of him.
These entertainments will be given by
the entertainment committee on the last
Friday of each quarter. The officers of the
committee are C. W. Nevin. president: D.
W. Savior, vice president: A. J. Morrison.
secretary; and Will J. B-eatty, treasurer.
Modem Trojan;
Last Friday night Hector Lodge No. in
of the Modern Trojans, a beneficiary as
sociation organized In Alameda County,
gave its first literary and musical enter
tainment in Friendship Hall of the Odd
Fellows' building in this city, and it was
a perfect success as to attendance and
merit of programme offered. The event
was under the direction of Mrs. W. R.
Elliott. Mrs. M. C. Robinson. Mrs. Ann
Curnow. Joseph Fritz. E. Bailey Griffing
and George W. C. Baker, who presented
for the entertainment of those assembled
a programme that was made up of vocal
and Instrumental music, whistling solo, a
Cakewalk, and specialties presented by
Miss Dexter, Tessle Greenfeld, Lulu Le
back. Miss Sadie Kalisch. Mrs. Nelson,
Mr. Hamilton, Charles Blanchard. Bertie
Hale, Joseph and John Fritz, and Miss Ida
Melllnoff. A supper, served In an adjoin
ing hall, followed the entertainment and
then there was dancing until a late hour.
A Seven Pines Campfire.
Next Tuesday night Seven Pines Circle
No. 3. Ladies' of the Grand Army of the
Republic, will hold its fourteenth annual
campfire in B'nai Brith Hall; on which
occasion there will be offered to the
friends of the circle an entertaining pro
gramme of music, songs and recitations,
also a programme of dances.
"Does Death End All?"
This afternoon at 3 o'clock Rev. S. A.
Steel of Mississippi, one of the most cele
brated pastors in the M. E. Church South,
will adaress a union mass meeting at the
Young Men's Christian Association Audi
torium. Mason and Ellis streets; subject:
"Does Death End All?" Service open and
free to the public: both men and women
Invited. Dr. Steel will lecture at the As
sociation Auditorium next Friday evening
on "Home Life in Dixie During the War.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
ENCOUNTERED A
HIGHWAYMAN ON
A COUNTY ROAD
Ghirardelli Used a
Whip With Effect.
Whip With Effect.
Oakland Office. San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, Oct. 28
Joseph Ghirardelli, the coffee merchant.
residing at 142" Market street, reports an
encounter he had with a lono highway
robber on the county road last evening,
and sinco then the Sheriff's deputies and'
tho Constables all the way out to Hay
wards have been exercising their greatest
diligence In an effort to land the robber,
but to no avail thus far.
According to Mr. Ghlrardelll's story. he
had riven to San Jose with his wife arid
family, ami as returning alone in hi"; car
riage. Shortly after 7 o'clock, as he was
driving just about a mile south of Hay
wards. Ghirardelli was startled by a
masked man suddenly emerging from" be
hind some bushes by the roadside and
seizing his horses by the bridle.
The robber then started for the vehicle
and ordered Ghirardelli to drop' the lines
and throw up his hands. Instead, -ihe j
coffee man kicked the robber away from
the carriage step, at the same time strik- ;
ir* him a forceful blow across the face
with his whip. The blow so stunned the
robber that he slightly retreated, when ■
Ghirardelli laid tho whip to his horses. :
Ghirardelli laid thn whip to his h
who broke way at a high rate of speed: ;
and to prevent "any bullets from the rob- j
lor's possible c oa marksmanship reach;
Ing him. Mr. Ghirard took the precau- 1
tion of lying down in the bod} of the ye- I
hide, holding fast to the lines all the '.
while and taking desperate chances on dl- '
r-. cting his steeds properlyJ
Mr. Ghirardelli says he did not think to
look around to see whether he was being
--•f whether h^ was
pursued by the robber, an.! If the latter
fired any bulb ts ln his wake he did not
hoar their whizzing. However, he se-
. . ■ | se.
rlously believes that he marked the rob- i
iber for life, and expresses the hone that
the mark may eventually lead to his Iden
tification.
The otlicers are also hopeful of captur
ing the robber, who, they say. would
hardly attempt to leave the country with
a mark that would excite suspicion, in
view of the attempted hold-up having
been reported to the officers at Haywards
as soon as Ghirardelli reached that place.
They believe the robber is in hidins in the
er Is in hiding in the
neighboring hills, and tbat perhaps, in his
desperation, further hold-ups might be an
ticipated. _2____ '
A BOY'S WORLD TOUR
ENDS IN COUNTY JAIL
OAKLAND. Oct. 2S.— Henry Gaadel,
need 12 years. and residing with his par
ents at 922 Jackson street, started out '»*o
■ueeks ago in company with another ia'l i
named Thomas LinderJ to see the world.
They had about $12 and a rifle between
them, and rode the brakebeamr, as far as
Tracy, where they lost each other, and
Gasdel boarded a blind baggage this
morning* on a rt-turnlng train, and was ,'1 "
rested at Sixteenth street station by Con
f-tri*le Taylor.
"Ye had intended to go East," said
'■- East," sad
young Gasdel at the County Jail this af
ternoon, "but when wo heard that there
was so much snow up Truckee-way, wa
kind of changed our minds and had al
most given up "the lea of traveling when
1 lost Tommy nt Tracy. "■'" got kind of
tired of Oakland city life and wanted to i
'.. ;h« world, but I'm glad I got as near '
home once more as I did."
The lad Is charged with truancy at the i
* • truancy at the :
bounty Jail and word was immediately !
sent to his parents, but up to a late hour
to-night no one had called to take the boy
homa.
Hopes for Ely's Recovery.
OAKLAND, Oct. 28.- Frank Ely. the
Berkeley university student, who acci
dentally fell from an electric car on Tele
graph avenue and fractured his skull last
Thursdiy night, Is apparently progress
ing satisfactorily, and the doctors have
hopes of his recovery. His father came
down from Woodland to-day* and will
probably remain here until his son is able
to be removed to his Woodland homo.
4 Every da}r 3-011 buy gro--?
fceries on credit— you lose-^
■rmone}'. i
\ Try us for a week or 2.*.
ynonth — then jndge your-\
Itself — if its worth your\
\ while to pay cash. \
a Our prices are not ef-*
fected by any price com-4
! bination. a
Paradise Sodas 0
* l^Zt.Z-Vo Corton 20ci
x Every enrto-a contains a rlehiy .
0 «e.of^-> story book. Six of these f
i to tlie set. Very interesting to the j
0 little ones. f
Sugar.. 19 lbs $1.00/
A Spreeket'B best. £
" ttx- ataltSed cane. **?
jPostum Cereal {
§ M*-,r.arc*!i of a'l 1 „ ~~~ mlrrm OCinP
i SSSSSS-! large size 20cf
JDoxce's Clam Juice )
f Monday only. Re- . Z'r.-.t. Q^p-V
A fresh:nf: nnel pleasant. 4 t-<lIl:i> ~OV-i
A ' - .leasant.4 c<lTls ~''- i
jGold Medal Salad Dressing^
a toUBuy'^'al regular size Isci
" ktlor* brand, and less expensive. "
JPennsylvania Coal Oil {
0 we extra for can. __n 1 7(>rf
f fireproof. * f
Coffee ...lb pkg 20c^
#Madja Coffee lb pkg 20c<*
A A -"clert'fichlend. Preesiti »im tn /
f the Market £tn?et store all week, ™
(L. P. M. Japan Tea i
{ tfST-_& pound tin fiM
A and color '•-'.:< » grown. A
\ Certificate* from the leading • *.; .*.-: \*
0 physlciass of -kn Trancisco. ty
iSmyrna Figs pkg lOc*^
A Iv packages mil v packed. >
/LIQUOR specials: . \
f Delivered from -v Market St. Only. f
A. Whiskey $
A An exceptionally flne nfl TX^i
" qnnlity. WllmerdingA lilL ' VJ-T
" qnnlitv. Wllmerdinff A *>tl < UCf
0 hotwt'n guarantee. Regular $:. 00 /J)
Hermitage Whiskey i
$ fluif^ith 25c flask for 15c^
x screw tcp. Inst fits the pocket. \
>Qiuger Ale doz 60c?
y D.mratlc. Dublin Tteiffcat brand. /
tk Usually Ji. 10. Anyqnant'ty. A
Wine.. per gal.^ocj
. For"th« table or coonlng. \
0 Regular 6oc. 0
A 73S Mnrket Bt. 8. T. Shattack Ay, Berkeley a
V iv.so Washington, O.ik Central Ay, Alamedt 0
. Sth ii Waniiinirton, " l*l '-' Wood, Oct \
0Y.1?.-.h.i l"th At. " 0
SCOUT FERGUSON'S
BRIDE-ELECT AWAITS
MISS ANNIE CHRISTENSEN.
© Oakland Office San Francisco Call. DOS Broadway, Oct. 28. A
♦ ENERAL FUNSTON Ih not the only member of the Kansas regiment T
♦ 1 -1 the romance of Whose •'•'" ""iters in this county. Word has been re- f
♦ \=^| c*"!v*"^ that there '- another gallant officer v.ho also figures at the cele- T
. brated swim on the Bagbag, who should by this time have claimed ?
* an Alameda bride. Only hie Bemu of patriotic duty prevented him from re- £
f turning with the Kansas regiment and sharing in the honors accorded him. I
| Lieutenant Arthur Ferguson, who figures in the dispatches, should by this ♦
A time nave been wedded to Miss Annie Chrlatenaen, one of the most beauti- ♦
4 ful young ladies of Alameda. **■?
♦ Yesterday's dispatches from Manila spoko of the bravery of Lieutenant %
. Ferguson, who, with twenty scouts of the Thirty-sixth Regiment, recon- «
4 loitering near La bao. encountered a party of mounted Filipinos. The en- <*
A gagement ended by the killing of clx of the enemy and the capturing of ♦
♦ eight. although there wero but ten rifles In Ferguson's command. %
■* Instead of returning in the middle of the fighting in the Philippines *
♦ young Ferguson accepted a commission for two years in the regular arm-.-, ♦
4 and it is not at all unlikely that the lad who went as a private and Is now "a "*
X lieutenant may own a higher commission before ho returns. When the South I
♦ Dakota regiment returned they were full of praise for the brave work of T
<s Scout Ferguson. Tliey told how, when the Kansas regiment came to that <*>
* river at Calumplt, they found the bridge nearly destroyed and that it was ♦
I almost sure death to venture upon it. All the roadway had been torn up T
» and nothing: remained of the superstructure except a few narrow iron beams, f
<*> I'pon the farther side of the river the Filipinos were concealed and occupied X
| ♦ such a strong position they could easily sweep the bridge of anybody who ♦
' | might be upon it. The enemy, however, did not anticipate the tactics ol 4>
,1 Ferguson. Stripping himself that his motions might be unimpeded and that ▼
♦ he might have some chance of escape by swimming should he fall into the J
■■-■ river, Ferguson took a rope and crawl* " carefully out upon the Bide of the 1
J bridge farthest from the Filipinos. His progress was shew but he managed I
♦ i{° set J?cro?3 and escape the notice of the enemy, even after he reached the £
i land. By means of this rope he was able to help his comrades over the rive-,- t
I tury, )'*ing a raft which he pull-ed over. This story differs somewhat from f !
* the dispatches sent out regarding the event, .but the South Dakota*, who 1 :
I W"P; *>'«Twitn««»". to the occurrence, declare that Ferguson performed the X
J most daring feat of the Filipino war. ■£•
Lieutenant Ferguson has had other narrow escapes and in one of his le'- *
X ters he refers to a bullet that scratched the side of his cheek and to another t
<* that went through his canteen at Calumplt. Ho remarked that In cither X
* case a difference of an Inch would have ended bis career. He anticipates ♦
■* some very lively fighting this winter and predicts that by spring the war ' f
I will be practically over. He does not expect to return to Oakland till the end I
I of next year unless circumstances should be --uch that he can consistently J
.*> do ills duty as a soldier and come to attend an interesting ceremony In 1
* Alameda. T
* X
>#•»■*»»■»»»♦• »♦♦♦♦-> t »»>»»»».»»e^ ■t-fttttt»t»t*fi»i|>»»^>^<j,> *♦$♦.£
EX-JAILER KELLEY'S
CONCEALED PROMISE
It Was Stored Away in His Attor
ney's Safe and Byrod Never
Saw It.
OAKLAND. Oct. '-"*• The contest over
the distribution of the $6000 estate of
Sarah B. By rod, deceased, the hearing of
which was resumed to-day before Judge
Hall, waxes interesting. Attorney W. 11.
Rhodes of Sacramento. representing
George W. Kelley, an ex-Jailer of the
capitol city, who has filed a petition for
distribution on the strength of an as
signment he claims Frederick W. Byrod.
husband of deceased, made to him l.at
June wherein Byrod ostensibly assigns to
him all his interest In the estate, offered
In evidence to-day another agreement, by
the terms of which ex-Jailer Kellev un
dertakes to care and provide for Byrod
"as a son would for a father" during the
remainder of Byrod's life. This latter
document, lt develo- - haa been carefully
concealed In Attorney Rhodes' safe in
Sacramento, and Byrod declared openly
that he had never set eyes upon tho
document until to-day. He also k,enied
that he ever signed the assignment to
Kelley, and says the only true assign
ment he ma;.- of his Interests in the es
tate was to Darwin C. de GOlift, his at
torney, last December, when the latter
agreed to undertake a contract to break
Mrs. Byrod's will. In this Do Golla has
succeeded and h... petition on behalf of
his client. Byrod, for a distribution is now
pending simultaneously with the petitions
of Kelley an.i ..arv E. Hawkins, tne
executrix of the estate. This afternoon
the case was onco v. re continued for two
weeks.
TERRIBLE HARDSHIPS.
D. McKenzie, an Alameda Gold-
Seeker. Has a Narrow Escape
From Death by Starva
tion.
ALAMEDA. Oct. 25.-D. McKenzie of
Clinton avenue, organizer of the McKen
zie gold expedition, arrived home yester
day from Cape Nome, via Seattle. Mc-
Kenzie. with a number of other Alame
dans. organized a company of gold seek
ers and went north nearly eighteen
months ago. The party met with hard
luck. Fred R. Alton, ono of the mem
bers of the expedition, died In Alaska,
and the others, with the exception of Mc-
Kenzie. returned home some time ago.
MeKenzie made his way to Cape Nome,
and after staying at that place a while
took passage on a schooner bound for
peattle. The vessel arrived there several
days ago, after a very rough voyage at
*rxH with starvation making frightful In
roads on the passengers and crew. After
leaving Cape Nome the vessel met head
winds and the voyage was delayed for
days. The supply of provisions ran short
and for want of food and proper care
pevoral on board the schooner died. Mc-
Kenzie and several others were fortunate
enough to withstand the terrible ordeal
until the vessel reached Puget> Bound,
where assistance and nourishment were
obtained. _ ._■,'.
Will Preach at St. Paul's.
OAKLAND. Oct. 28.— The Very Rev.
Daniei O. McKinnon, ST. D., rector of
Bt John's, Stockton, and dean of the San
Jonnuln Convocation, will officiate at St.
Paul's I-'ni«copal Church to-morrow morn
ing and evening, In the absence of the
rector. Rev. Robert Ritchie.
Pr McKinnon, although quite a young
man", has. marked ability as a pulpit
orator. ' ■ _ ■___
The Sunday School Census.
OAKLAND, Oct. 28.— The canvass for
the Sundav-scliool census of Alamef 1
County was begun In earnest yesterday,
but was not completed. In some of lie
country districts the canvass Is being
made to-day and it is expected that t (.fl
be .1 week or more before the totals c«n
be made up.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, OCTOBER 29, 1899.
SON ACCIDENTALLY
SHOOTS HIS MOTHER
OAKLAND, Oct. 28.— Mrs. Mary Walter
residing at Thirteenth and West! streets
sustained a. peculiar Injury' at her, home
to-day. that might easily have results
fatally. While she was arranging for the
noonday meal her fourteen-year-old son
Arthnr. was manipulating a shotgun, pre
paratory to going on a hunt for rabbits
Accidentally the gun discharged, and i
goodly portion of the charge paase(
through Mrs. Walters' dress and lodge*
in her lower limbs. She was quickly (a
ken to the Receiving Hospital, whero the
shot were picked out and the llttie wound;
dressed.
Are Licensed to W?d.
OAKLAND, Oct. 28.— Marriage licences
were Issued to-day to the following
named: Edward Barnes, 2.1 years, and
Klttie O'Donnell. 22 year.-, both of San
Francisco; Thomas F. Dnmphy. V. years,
Vallejo, and Margaret A. Horrlgan, .13
years, Oakland; Frederick Wedeklnd, 23
years, and Mary Lauriston. 28 yours, San
Francisco: Joseph R. Penheiro. 22 years.
and Clara L. Furtado. 19 years, Hay
wards; Frank Earl Odell, 30 years, and
Grace B. Emerson, 2(5 years. Mountain
View. Fred F. Walter, 84 years, San
Francisco, and Leah I.lndenhaum. 25
years. Oakland; Earl F. Crane. 26 years,
and Thyra L. Hawthorn, IS years, San
Francisco; Thomns F. Dunn, 21 years, and
Arvilla Jamie Maynes. 20 years, Oakland.
In the Divorce Courts.
OAKLAND. Oct. 23.— Amelia Dickinson
commenced suit for divorce to-day from
Oeorge D. Dickinson, on the ground of
alleged desertion.
Judge Ellsworth to-day granted Alice E.
Smith a divorce from Oeorg« F. Smith,
on the ground of desertion. The parties
had been married only a month when
the husband left suddenly one day for
Alaska, where he Is said to have 'since
married an Indian woman*
In the divorce suit of Mary Linslage
against Herman Dlnslage tha defendant
to-day put in his case and the matter
went over until next Tuesday, when Judge
Greene will probably render a decision.
Rev. Dr. Law's Final Services.
OAKLAND, Oct. 28.— Tt Is stated that '
Rev. V. Marshall Law will probably hold !
his final services at the Church of the i
Advent to-morrow and that most likely j
no impediment will be put in the wav of j
his occupying the pulpit and conducting
the services on this (ho final occasion i
before his resignation -takes place next '
Wednesday.
Badly Kurt by a Train.
OAKLAND, Oct. 28.— J. H. Moeller was
struck by a train to-night at First end
Webster streets and , seriously Injured.
One of his hip bones Is broken, one eye Is
bruised, and his scalp is severely cut. He
cannot explain how he came to bo on ihe
track After being treated at the Receiv
ing Hospital he was sent home.
Preclta Valley Requirements.
At a meeting of the Preclta Valley Im
] provement Club last night at Graham's
Hall President J. B. Vlzzard In the chair,
', it was unanimously decided to notify the
Board of Supervisors that no further ex
tension of time would be granted with the
club's consent to the contractor having
the filling ln of Bernal Park.
The club also instructed the secretary,
H. Young, to frame and forward a peti
-1 tion to the Board of Education requesting
th" building of a primary school south of
Army street. A committee consisting of
Ed Devlin, H. Young and H. Bredlaw
was appointed to obtain signatures of
property owners for a storm water Inlet
at Treat and Preclta avenues.
Death of an Inventor.
LONDON, Oct. 28.— The Rev. Edward
Lyon Bert her. the Inventor of collapsible
boats, is dead
SAFE LIKELY TO
KILL PRISONERS
AND OFFICERS
Auditor Breed May Be
Enjoined.
Oakland Offlce, San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Oct. 28.
A four-thousand-pound safe threatens
the life of Officers Phillips and Swain at
the City Prison. Auditor Breed, in his de-
sire to look well after the archives of his
office, has purchased an enormous safe,
j and this afternoon the bulky affair was
j landed In the City Hall. It is likely at \
any time tee fall through the floor, several !
expert reports tiled during the past few '
I years stating that the City Hall cannot j
with safety hold such a piece of furniture.
The Auditor's office is in one of the old- |
' est corners of the City Hall, and is right i
i over the corner of the jail where Officers
Swain and Phillips keep their night watch. ,
ami occasionally, when duties are >ot ■
I pressing, -taking a few winks. The hall '
j has been condemned for years, and its '
; rotten condition la given as the only ex-
cuse why the- city treasury has b<>en ■
: forced to keep so much money in the local
i banks, because the hall would not support I
a vault. Prisoners have found it so easy
! to knock down the walls that they have
frequently done so and walked out.
This condition of danger exists every-
where, and when it was known this after-
noon that Mr. Breed had decided to install
his safe, the jailers went at. once to con
i suit with the City Attorney regarding the
■ issuance of an injunction restraining Mr.
Breed from endangering the lives of the
prisoners and the jailers, lieing Saturday
' afternoon, the City Attorney was out anil
the safe was installed. When the im- ;
j mense weight was placed on the joists. '
: the celling below cracked, and nobody will
j In' surprised to find some morning the j
; Auditor's safe in the basement, with one ',
or two officers or prisoners beneath it
MUSIC NOT BAD,
STORY NOT GOOD
Given the most wobbly kind of a plot
■ set to fair music— what would you?
The result la "The Conspirators" at the
Grand. There have been better and there
I have been worse. Which is perhaps the
most unfortunate thing that could have
' happened to the booming of local talent.
After a hit, the next best thing would
have been a thorough going failure. It
: would have attracted attention. it would
have brought down upon its own head
f much comment, which means advertise-
ment. The psychological might have seen
In It the groping* of untaught genius.
I But it is such a tame little opera, self
| satisfied and -complete and promising *io- i
| thing. It is interpreted In its own spirit.
j Miss Mason has a clean-cut personality
! and voice that are shown to good advan-
I tagi in the part of Juanito. But Miss
i Mason appears bo well pleased to stop at ;
i what she lias achieved. She never hints
I at possibilities In a new role.
The loyalty that crowds the Grand Op-
era-house is good to look upon. But it Is
not Just to Mr. Greene's dramas to praise
his libretto.
• « •
Wright Huntington at the Orpheum Is
i making the round of vaudeville on the
strength of his beauty. It is a very deter
: mined style of beauty, that apologises
I most gracefully for a trashy play, badly
acted. Neither has-Huntington the good
■ looks all to himself. Miss Francis is al
; most as pretty as Olive May. who is al- '
; most as Pretty as Edna Hopper, who Is
i almost as pretty as Anna Held.
The Florenz troupe showed eccentrici-
ties last evening which suggested the next *
day being Sunday. There are so many I
. things to steady the nerves for sale at
all drugstores. It is a pity that the aero- j
bats should let their talents be eclipsed '
:by the -'trick canines." These are the i
i very best trained dogs that ever hap- j
pened, with only one blase old fellow
among them.
* . *
"The Christian" Is coming. Let the cler- i
gymen be prepared. It is some time ahead.
Meanwhile "By the Sad Sea Waves"
opens to-night at the Columbia.
The Italians return to the Tivoli In i
I "L'Afrlcaine." after a week's repairs. |
: They alternate with "The Bohemian
: Girl."
There will be a new farce and some
1 pickaninnies at the Orpheum.
"Brown's in Town" runs a week at the
California. No change at the Alcazar and
Grand. Admiral Dewey will be received
i in New York once more through the me- *
, dium of the Chutes pictures.
SARAH COMSTOCK. I
CHURCH THIEF ARRESTED.
George W. Gilson, an Ex-Convict,
Stola Candlesticks Trom
Altars.
Altars.
George W. Gilson, alios Charles Ed-
Wards, was arrested last night by Police
man Owens and placed in the tanks at
the City Prison. The prisoner, ever since
he was released from San Quentin, about
nine months ago. has re-engaged in the
practice of stealing costly candlesticks
from Catholic churches. During the last
two weeks Gibson has stolen candlesticks
from St. Francis, St. Charles and Italy
Cross churches.
The prisoner will be vigilantly prosecut
ed by the clergy of the looted churches
and the police.
WITH THE RIFLEMEN.
As the season draws to a close the local
! riflemen are making extra efforts to se
j cure the special prizes and trophies offer
: ed in their respective organizations. In
tho clubs, where there are re-entry match
I contests, the rivalry is decidedly keen.
' A number of the clubs are making prepa
■ rations for special events for the wind-up
of the season. The Norddeutscher Schuet
zen Club has announced a public prize
shoot to take place at Shell Mound range
on November 98. Twenty cash prizes,
ranging from I'M) to $3, ale offered, four
shots to a ticket, unlimited entries.
Points will be counted in the German
25-ring target, with 21's and 25's for
bullseyes. A prize of $10 will be given for
the most tickets shot. The distribution
takes place Immediately after the shoot.
The San Francisco Schuetzen Verein
holds Its annual turkey shoot at Shell
Mound on the second Sunday In Novem
ber. The competition for the choice of
the American bird Is to be run in with
the medal shoot, the first three shots,
possible 75, to count for the Christmas
dinner. The Oermanla Schuetzen Club ls
i to hold a turkey shoot on the same day
j and range, but on special targets, three
shots on a single entry. The marksmen
making TO rings and better will get fifteen
pound birds; CO to 70 gets a thirteen
• pounder; 50 to 60 calls for twelve pounds
of turkey and under 50 for ten pounds.
i The California Schuetzen Club will hold
! a turkey shoot at Its range nt Schuetzen
j Park on the fourth (Sunday of next
; month. The Norddeutscher Schuetzen
Club will also hold a turkey shoot for the
benefit of the members.
The close of the Columbia Pistol and
Rifle Club's season of shooting will as
i sume the form of ■?_ banquet for mem
'■■ bers and their friei.^a, to take place at
! the conclusion of the final shoot, Decem
! ber 17. This has been the custom of the
: club ever since its organisation. During
i the course of the dinner the distribution
! of the class medals, special medals and
I other prizes will take place. The recent
' increase in the club s membership has
; made lt necessary to Increase the 50-yard
I target accommodations on the range at
Harbor View, by the addition of four
; more targets, making twelve targets on
i the short range and two on the 200-yard
! range. A private match is to be shot
! by four of the members of the club
I at Harbor View, on the 50-yard range
to-day. The contest will be with 22-caliber
1 target rifles, 50 shots each. In which F. O.
i Young and Dr. C. F. Twist will try Issues
with. A. B. Dorrell and F. 8. Washburn
for a trophy.
INDIVIDUAL
AND TEAM
AVERAGES
Percentage of Players and
Nines With Stick and
on the Field.
on the Field.
Below will be found a set of averages
which show the relative positions of
teams and players in batting and field
ing. The local nine stands in first place
In team fielding, but drops to third in
team batting. Sacramento has the best
general record. Harvey still holds flrst
place among the stick wlelders:
FIELDERS.
0 *S > Mi "3
re1* 3 if
a — » t i
5 o 3- o o
•» e 21 i 's
» - a a 3
PLAYERS. : ■ : : $
players. : ? : j 2
I I j . . ! f
: ; • : »
HHIIdebrand I 771115 14 51.962
2|Moskiman 27165 2 —9 .955
3 Donovan 68 118 1',. 7 .948
4 Streib [ 42| SI 6 S .94)
SIDennie I 181 13 4 I .944
6!Doyle 30' 88 2 3 .MO
7'Phanahan i 40; 76 4 6 .930
SiDrennan I 581134 9 11 .929
SiPyne 701117 12 10 .923
lOIDunleavy 109 10 9.922
Harvey I 32 61 4 r, .913
12 Karate 77 bo 19 llj.90»
18 (Muller 87 138 10 16.901
14 Courtney 43 77 3 8.199
15|Dalrymple 71112 8 171.898
if. Mi l.atiBliIln 51179 14 .894
l7!Sheehan 10 19 1 »;.Sfii
is Morrow 8| 12 1 i .868
II i lark ■ I S4[ 25| 3| 6J.823
FIRS.." BASEMEN.
£' J\ E ? |
3 S | 3 j
FLAYERS, f: S. ? f |
PLAYER?. M ? .' I
i : i : 3
j : : ; i ill
HO'Connor ' Sl|414l 24 - '*-•
2iSut:ivan ; 64 709 45 221.971
3 Ptrelb 20 19! 8 6.971
4|Hutehlnson I 491471 25 16 .969
SIMosklman ; 7 74 0 31.961
6Courthey ! 1' HO « 5,.959
7!Shaniihan , 25' 273 4 14.962
S|Borchers 10,100 1 5.952
9Clark 473 18 29 .941
lOJDoyle 6| 63 1 3| 5|.929
SECOND BASEMEN.
i:,.: ■> ■ r. i
- 5 S 3 2
§ ---'■>
X rt ''. Z* A
PLAYERS. * E f * _
PLAYERS. ? „ ? • 2
• • • i : »
if i if
j I Hi ?
liKrug 13| 49] 37) 6|.*/7
llKrut ....
2 Reilly 6 15 15 i — «
s Btult* C6|122.1S6! SSl.901
4 M earthy i 7 14 6 .61.857
5:Dunleavy i «| 4.1| M 12!. 83*
THIRD BASEMEN.
Oj 3| > Ml 3
j | ■ |4| 8
PLAYER.. ■" - !» ? _
PLAYERS. f I .» " j 2
: - I • • I «5
I • |j|
HEajran I 7| 7| 20| lj.961
l|E_i_n T 7 20 1 .9.;t
2 Reillv 70113189 88.901
3 Devereaux 7111001158 34|.SS»
4 McCarthy I « 1*1 11 3 .$84
5 Lange 1 77 99 159 37 .873
I McLaughlin I 9 11 " 41.844
7 BrockhoflE I 46 71 88 29 .845
EjShcehan i 51 73 90 4. .804
SHORTSTOPS.
„l mi > Si 3
3 I o _• ' o g
■• c .'- 3 I i
PLAYERS. * | * ■ : R
PLAYERS. ? i _ ? : j £
: : : : I*
• . . : "
llEniran 63il67ilSS| 40!.S"S
I ':nt:in I 09 167 188 < 398
i McCarthy 41 941109! 231.875
SlSchmeer 82 288 1 268 S0I.SJ1
4|Kru« 65J172J20J 701.844
6 Babbitt 18 23 58 161.814
6!Brockhoft "... IS 28 -.4 16).
! 7!Courtney «"... 10 14 1 32! li 807
I f. Sheehan i... BJ 14] 6 51.800
PITCHERS.
.-. ~ > W j: -j
s *! a 3 I 'a
» - « i ■ _ 3
FLAYERP. : I * : _ ?
. : ; • -. *
: : : i | ?
liFltzpatrtck 4'' 85 U'7 » 51.942 j
liFltzpatrtck 40; 3511271 i 6 .942
2 Doyle 87 19 86 8 4 .237
! 3 IburR 88 20108 - 4.984
4 Koskiman i So 34| 82 10 i .913
i 6 Steffanl Ill 41 67 > 8.883
! « Borchers 30 16l 66 8 8 .138
7 Harvey I SO SO 63 11 in .822
8 Andrews 33 i 13 7» 15 5 .821
SjWhelan 40; li 85 10 II -5H
TEAM FIELDING.
~ ~~ C5fl_3 i > H I -3
* i e I 8 ■ I 3 j <?
5 ° ! i -I Q
S 5. " i Q
CLUB. B f : S
: : : ' *
Pan Franoisco I T7I20871 112712501.924
San Francisco 77|2067|1127|250|.$24
I Sacramento 70I189B 884 1 288 .822
J Oakland 1212214 1074 2JBI.917
Panta Cruz •■• I 7_|l933| »87|2S8|.907
TEAM BATTING.
~ S? a g % siy
a 3 3 * 2. a
: i t . ■ * (J ■ 3
CLUB. P * Me I
! ! I Mil
i _ * * . ™
|: I r* ; I J | B I ;
FacrnmentO I 7fi:2"3:';376i633:i46 .219
Sacramento 70|2539!376?633 1461.219
Santa Cruz j 73 843 1808 147;. i
San Francisco ! 77 8686 5001643 157 .23 J
Oakland j 88|2793|S55|644|1«7 .227
BATTING AVERAGES.
1 j CI H' x a I 2 "3
►= r e g o 2
§ 1 3 * I S
3 9 3 'i t 3
S * ? '18
NAME AND CLUB, ! «l ' -| - f
i j; f 1 ?
: * ~ • _ • '
1 Harvey. Sacramento I r.S i 22 1 { 431 79! 121.342
llHarvey. Sacramento 5S|221 43 791 12 .342
3 Strieb, Santa Crui j ; _«& 41 87 39 .323
3 Kruff. San Francisco ] 77 339 64 107 .316 '
4 O'Connor. Sacramento... 31 138 22 37 10.393
5 Sullivan, San Francisco.. | 286 j 50 82 17 .287
8 Borchers, Oakland 40 133 21 38 .285
7iHaixlle. Oakland 77 2231 35 77! 2.272 !
SiShanHhan, Sacramento.. 70 368 25 73 .272
IS Eagan, Sacramento 70 2S8 47 78 24.271
10 Courtney, San Francisco 68 '234 1 48 63 9 .269
U'McLoUfhlin, Sacramento 60 261 53 70 88.288
12 M.sklman, Oakland j 71227 28 61 6.268
13 Hlldebrand, 8. F 77 315 52 32 39.283
! 14 Clark, Santa Cruz | 78 277 34 70 12 .2...!
15 Muller, San Francisco...) 6726.V 40; 67 17.253 <
16 Drennan. Santa Cruz.... 58213! 38] 551 .353 I
! 17 Brockhoff. San Francisco 62 245: 49 61 30 .330 I
18 Ptanley, Sacramento ■ 69 26.1 | 38; 68 91.249
19 Babbitt, Santa Cruz 19 89 ! 6 17 5, .218
20 Dunleavy, Oakland 75 29i 41 73 16 .244
21 Donovan, Oakland. 62:284; 27! 57 .243
22 McCarthy, Santa Cruz... 62 201 37 1 48 11 .2SJ
28 Hammond. Oakland 78 315 47 74 20.238
24 Morrow, Santa Cruz..... 71260 23 62]' 7.231
25 Pheehan. Sacramento.... 70 244 1 28 681 41.287
26 Reilly, San Francisco.... ' 76 302 i 48 70 23 .232
27 Hutchinson. Oakland.... 60 196 26 44 9 .22S
28 Schmeer. Oakland 82 314 33 71 27.225
29 Pyne, San Francisco ! 76 302 42 67 18.222 |
■ 30 Doyle, Sacramento ; 70 305 42 67' 7.218
31 Lanffe. Oakland 81 318! 36 68 31.218
32;Stult«, Sacramento 66 255 25 1 52 6.203 '
S3 DevtraUX, Santa Cruz... 73 270 48 54 13.200 !
34 Pteffanl, Oakland 25 76 6 14 1 .137 I
35 Dennie. Sacramento 18, 65 7 11 1.169 !
36FitJipatrlck. S. F 44 151 12: 22 2.146
871'Whalen. Santa Crut 40 125 8 181 6.128
I S8 Andrews, Santa Cruz.... 37112 5 14 61.124
39 Iburg, San Francisco.... 3? 136 9! 16, 6 .US
Orders for the Marblehead.
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 28.— cruiser Mar
blehead, whicb has been here for several
days, received orders to-day to cruise
south to Corlnto and thence to Panama.
Commodore Perkins Dead.
BOSTON, Oct. Commodore George
H. Perkins, U. S. N. (retired), father of
Mrs. Laird Anderson, died of heart failure
at his home in this city to-night.
Minister Pinochot Dead.
. SANTIAGO DE * CHILE. Oct. 28.— The
Minister of. Public Works, Gregario Pino
chet, Is dead. ',;!
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Prof. Jules Laborde's Wonderful French Preparation of
" CALTHOS "that Restores Lost Manhood. .
tFIVE DAYS' TRIALTREATMENT
Absolutely Free by Sealed Mail.
NO C. 0. 0. OR DEPOSIT SCHEME.
The marvelous French remedy, " CALTHOS,"
recently introduced in this country by the Yon
Mohl Co., of Cincinnati, Ohio, one of the largest,
richest and most responsible business firms in the
United States, has attracted the attention of the
•ntire medical profession because of the wonder-
fa] cures it has effected. If you suffer from Lost
Manhood, Varicocele, Weakness of any nature in
the Sexual Organs or Nerves, (no matter how
caused), or if the parts are undeveloped or have
thrunken ©r wasted away "CALTHOS" will re-
" CALTHOS" Is a French discovery by Prof.
Jules Laberde, famed in Paris as France's foremost
"CALTHOS " is the only remedy recognized by
th« medical profession as a specific cure for weas
It has the endorsement of the German and
French governments, and is largely used in the
eta-sdinir srmies of those countries.
"CALTHOS" is pnt before you on Its merits
srtono Try it and put it to the test. TRY IT FREE.
Ther* l-r »• security required— no CO. D. scheme.
fcend ue your name end address, and we will
6end you «noneh "CALTHOS" to last five days.
IT WILL BE SENT IN A SEALED PACKAOE BY
MAIL. In the quiet of your home you can try it
and nee what it does.
All correspondence relating tothe "CALTHOS"
department of onr business ie strictly confidential.
We neither publish nor furnish testimonials.
Address applications for trial treatment to
TEE YON MOHL COMPANY, 352 B, Cinciauati, a | ,J^&,fi^?i£tX£-
IN SUNSET DISTRICT.
The Sunset District Republican Club
held a grand rally last night at their
headquarters, Park View Hall, corner of
Ninth avenue and H street.
Horace Davis was the first speaker of
the evening. The audience applauded his
remarks liberally, and at the end of his |
speech three rousing cheers were given
the Republican candidate. He said in
substance: "The new charter has vested '
in the next Mayor very great power— in I
fact, it makes him all-powerful. A selfish
man with such power can further his own i
Interests to a great extent, and could
easily pave his way to the United Stales
Senate. The people in the past have seen
fit to bestow great honors upon me; they
have trusted me and placed confidence in ;
me. 1 think that I have served them
faithfully; I know that I have done my
best, and feel proud of my record. That
I have not abused my trust goes without i
Baying, for as yet my opponents have said
naught against my record. If I am elect
ed to the oTfice of Mayor I will do all In
my power to place San Francisco where
she rightly deserves to be— close ts the
head of the list of the most important
cities of the world.
"I am in favor of new schools and a
perfect sewer system and of any improve
ments which will help our city. Channel
street in its present condition is what no
other city in the world would tolerate.
"I feel that the entire Republican ticket
is gaining strength daily And it behooves
us to put our shoulders to the wheel and
work hard. The Republicans have given
the voters of San Francisco a good ticket,
of which the party can well feel proud,
and it will stand favorable comparison
with that of our opponents. Mv experi
ence with educational institutions will
serve me well in the selection of a good '
Board of Education. I have always been
in favor of good schools and I believe that
the young of our city should have every
chance to flt themselves for * proper start
in life. Again I ask you to keep working
and on the Sth day of November our
party will give the people of San Fran
cisco a great surprise."
Charles H. Jackson, in a short speech
asked for the support of the ticket. Will
iam A. Deane, Charles Boxton, Dr. T. H.
Morris, i.. G. Carpenter, Major Kyle and
William Watson also delivered short ;
speeches.
DEMOCRATS ON THE FRONT
The Democrats of the Forty-fifth As
sembly District met in the rooms of the
sembly District met in the rooms of the
Merchants' Athletic Club at Washington
Merchants' Athletic Club at Wnshington
and Davis streets last evening. The meet
and Davis streets last evening. The meet
ing was addressed it by Mayor Phelan,
ing was addressed by Mayor Phelan,
-some of Ihe candidates for Supervisor
"■-onie of !hc candidates for Supervisor
and aspirants for other city offices. Phe
lan repeated his old and hackneyed talk.
Dodge displayed his charts and Dr. R.
Beverly Cole -spoke upon the affairs perti
nent to the Coroner's office. Among the
other speakers were Jeremiah Deasy, Al
fred J. Fritz, Joe Cummings. F. K. Lane,
Edmond Godchaux, R. P. Doolan and
George Cabanlss.
CAMPAIGN INCIDENTS.
Friends of James L. Nagle. Republican
nominee for Police Judge, met last night
nominee for Police Judge, met last night
in the Alcazar building and resolved to
in the Alcazar building and resolved to
make an active campaign in the Interest
tnake an active campaign in the interest
of that gentleman. Headquarters will
hereafter be at 927 Market street.
OPIUM
Statements are not necessarily facts unless they admit of thorough
Statements are not necessarily facts unless they admit of thorough
Investigation, when they must 'either prove false or true. I wish that
every one who reads this statement could speak with the writer of it,
because then I could abandon advertising my wonderful remedy. His
Joy and gratitude cannot possibly be depicted, and It is a continual
pleasure to hear him speak of what the treatment has done for him.
City, Oct. 28, 1899. 614 Bush street.
This Is to certify: L *
" That for the past twenty-five years I had used opium or morphine and for
a year cocaine also.
Mv health was almost ruined, my stomach and heart both being badly af-
fected. I could work but little and was in distress most of the thne.
I had tried several cures and to reduce myself, but all failed to cure. In
August last I read an advertisement of a cure where the fee could be paid
after the cure was made, and no pain or suffering, and also that it cured in
three or four days.
1 talked with a few people and some said It could not be done.
In one large drug store they laughed at me for trying it. But on October
14 I went to the sanitarium and started in. for I knew that It must be right
or the Doctor would not wait for his fee like that.
Within forty-eight hours from the first dose of medicine I was cured of
all my drug habits and cigarettes as well, and just as the Doctor told me. I
bad no pain or Buffering and the desire for the drugs or for liquor or any
stimulants was and ls all gone.
Mv stomach and heart and other troubles have left me and I am gaining
In flesh and strength every day. It is just two weeks to-day since I started
with the cure and money would not. tempt me to go back where I was then.
(Signed) MONTGOMERY GRAY.
The above Btntement Is no exceptional case.but merely a public dec-
laration by the patient. Many others have been cured in a similar man-
ner who, though grateful, must remain silent owing to their position.
We publish no statement-: except at the express wish of the patient
who desires to show his gratitude for the cure and to inform his friends
that he Is cured. ->
; I desire th's to be particularly understood.
' CTRemember— No patient's name will be published In testimonials
.or otherwise except by their n..n personal request.
Everything is most sacredly confidential. -
Hours 10 to 4 and 7 to 8.
DR. GEO. W. WILLIAMS,
216 KEARNY ST., San Francisco, Cal.
YOUNG REPUBLICANS.
The executive committee of the Young
Men's Republican League of San Francis
co Clubs met last evening at the head
quarters, 242 O'Farrell street, and com
pleted the arrangements for the annual
high jinks and set the date thereof for
Monday evening, November 6, at Bne
B'rith Hall. 122 Eddy street, at which time
it is proposed to have all of the Republi
can nominees present. The committee ap
pointed to make up tho league ticket,
consisting of the president, secretary and
the chairman of the executive committee.
reported that the ticket would he ready
for distribution not later than Saturday,
November 4. Upon motion of Frank K.
Spencer the committee ordered a special
circular printed immediately and mailed
to the members urging them to attend
the district rallies and assist in making
all the Republican meetings a thorough
success. After giving three hearty cheers
for Horace Davis and the ticket the com
mittee adjourned to meet Sunday after
noon, October 25.
NOE VALLEY MEETING.
Democrats of the Thirty-sixth Assem
bly District held a meeting last night at
Twin Peaks Hall, corner of Noe and Sev
enteenth streets. E. B. Carr, as chair
man of the meeting, introduced Mayor
Phelan as the first speaker of the even
ing. The Democratic candidate was well
received and applause frequently inter
rupted his remarks. Among other things
he said:
"l have during this campaign given
this city a very thorough canvass and l
feel confident that the people of this city
will elect the entire Democratic ticket on
next election day. The people are satis
fled that we are on the verge of a new
era. We have had for the first time a
clean, satisfactory primary and the char
ter is no longer in doubt. San Francisco
has jumped rapidly to the front In the
past few years and nothing should be
done to retard her progress. We want
the new administration started in the
proper wav and want proper experienced
men to guide lt. National issues should
cut no figure in this municipal campaign,
and voters should select the best men.
Irrespective of party, to govern our city
at this important time. The records .if
the nominees who are seeking re-election
will stand for themselves. Dodge and
Lane are men of whom the Democratic
party ought to feel proud. Our city is In
need* of many Improvements— new schools,
a good sewer system and new hospitals.
The Democratic party has nominated a
good ticket and it is assured that if elect
ed the city will be run on a business plan
and work its way forward as one of the
foremost commercial cities of the world."
Dr. Washington Dodge told his hearers
that he had saved the poor people with
small homes unnecessary taxes and made
City Hall employes pay poll taxes, a thing
heretofore unheard of.
Resolutions were adopted denouncing
the actions of some Democrats in the
Thirty-sixth District in indorsing Albert
Heyef for Assessor and W. Z. Tiffany for
Recorder.
Bishop Has Been Released.
OAKLAND, Oct. 28.— Robert Bishop,
charsred with attempting to burn his
building at Golden Gate, was released
from the City Prison to-day on $2000 bonds
given by Margaret McAllister and George
H. Barrett. Bishop's case was continued
until next Monday in tha Police Court.
1516
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, comer e.f Market and Third streets, open
until 72 o'clock every night in the year.
BRAN' OFFICES— 27 Montgomery street.
corner Cloy; open until 9:30 o'clock.
300 Hayos stnet; pen until 9:30 o'clock.
633 McAllister rtreet; open until 9:30 o'clock.
f::.'l>ark:n street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
,r'i\ Mission street: open unit; 10 o'clock.
22!tl Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until i' o'clock.
Iffi Eleventh street; open until * o'clock.
1196 Valencia street: open until 8 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 o'clock.
CHURCH SERVICES.
I I AT The mranoeps' Saphath Homk
(| (6<;) *v eps' Sabbath Homb
9 (644) Howard St. Methodlst-Episcopai
p rl Chute li Bet. id &3d Sts. Seats Free.
Ji I} K^v. Dr. John A B. Wilson. Pastor
iti' , 1 UTI Res. tythe Church. Tel. Black ««*'.
•*/' ! l-JM Kos' fc>"'he Church- TeK Black 9**.
H_\ 1/s.i '<*§,* rt rtmfortafcle seat )
Oil *''JF';. A IiSI-.irteoiis greeting > Await yoa
i-tt-l !■**&■] •] *-"-'rdial welcome >
*jplj?K:l 11 A.M.. "A Secret of Growth";
2' ft23!-M anthem. "Come, Let Ue Sing"
'-C'j-lf.^ililrMj: (Martin Shultz); oftert ry, so-
JSaMCSiUltol prano BOio by M|M Mabel c. Per-
kins. "Jerusalem. Thou That Klllest the
Prophets" (Mendelssohn). I!:?* 1 p. m.. Sun-
dny-echool and pastor's Bible lass for
strange;^. *7;30 p. m., s, ng service une! ser-
mon by Rev. Clarence True Wilson, D. D..
on -'The Most Wonderful York or God"; an-
them, by request, "Spirit Immortal" (.Ros-
sln'.'i; otfertory. barytone sol.), "Callest Thou,
O Master?" by Anson Hilt after meeting..
FIRST Congregational Church, cor. Post and
Mnson sts.— Bev. George C, Adams, D. D..
paster. 11 a. m.. sermon by the pastor;
theme, "The Glory of the Pioneer." 7:45
p. m.. Rev. G. a. Jasper will preach; theme.
"Five Years Anions the Redwoods." All ara
cc.idlally invited.
RICHMOND CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH.
southwest corner Seventh aye., and clement
st.— Rev. Philip Coombe, paster. Morning
services at 11 o'clock; sermon by the Rev. C.
R. Pomeroy, D.D. Afternoon at 3 o'clock.
special services In the new building; sermon
by the Rev. 1.. D. Bevan. D.D., ELD. of
Melbourne. Australia. Evening services at
1 :45 o'clock.
CALVARY Presbvterlan church, cor. Powell
ar.d Gear)' sts. Rev. John Hemphill. D. D.,
pastor. Services nt 11 a. m. and "SO p. m.
Topic, p. m.. "God's Jewels." Music a. m.:
Anthem. "My Soul Doth Magnify," C. B.
Hawley; <,fiert c-rr. eluet. "Awake Up My
Glory' .'Millet). Mrs. Hert-Mark and Miss Van
Pelt. Music, p. m. : Anthem. -'Jubilate iO.
(Schilling); offertory, "There la an Hour"
(Barnby); quartet snd tenor solo, D. M. Law-
rence. All aie made welcome.
HOWARD P:*esbyterian Church, Oak and Ba-
ker 6t.«.— Rev. J. S. Thomas, pastor. At '1
a. m., "Tlie Appointment of the Twelve"; at
7:43. musical service, with address on -His-
toric Hymns." Sunday-school at 9:30. Chris-
tian En.leavor at 4:45. Wednes lay evening
prayer meeting a' 7:45. Beginning next Sun-
day morning, service at 10:30; Sunday-school,
12:15.
FIRST Unitarian Ohurch. southwest corner
Geary and Frai. kiln sts.— Rev. Dr. Htebblns,
Minister Emeritus: Rev. N. J. It. Schultz. su-
perintendent e>f Sunday-school. The Sunday-
school is at 10 o'clock. The morning service
is at 11 o'clcck; Iter-, ratio Stebbins will
occupy the pulpit. All are cordially Invited.
-■;. ,-ft Is ..... evening service.
SEVENTH-DAY Adventlst Church: 914-916 La-
puna St.. bet. McAllister and Golden Gate
aye.— Eider J. O. Corliss, ... Services,
Sabbath (Saturday): ith -school at 9:45.
preaching nt 11 o'clock. This evening at 7:30
Elder H. H. Dexter will speak on the subject
of "The Faith of Jesus." A cordial Invita-
tion to be present extended to every one.
Seats free. Congregational singing.
ST. ALBAN'S e'hurch (Episcopal) meets every
Sunday morning at R:K". at Golden Gate Hall.
62". Sutter St.: Sunday-school meets at 10
a; m. All nre -cordially welcome.
NEW Jerusalem Chnrch (Swedenborglan), 1626
O'Farrell st.— The pastor. Rev. I. V Bowen,
will praach at Tl a. m. ; subject, "Ye Are the
Temple of the Holy Spirit."
FIRST Church of Christ. Scientist. Central
block, 223 Sutter St., bet. Kearny md I Ir.-ent
aye.— Christian Science Blbl-; leas at 11
a. m.; I»ss.*>n. "Adam an.l Fallen Man."
Sun'iay-school for children at th^ same hour.
Wednesday evening mee.e;ng at - o'clock. All
are welrt me.
ASSOCIATION Auditorium. Mason and Ellis
■ •
tts— Union mass-meeting to-day nt 3 o'clock:
address t.y the nr.te.l divine. Rev. S. A. -
D. D.; subject. "Dnos Death End All?" Serv-
ice op°n. free to the jiublic: both men and
women invited. Dr. St-^el will lecture at th»
Association Auditorium next Friday evening
on "Home Life In D'xi-*- During the War "
THE. Theosophical Society— Lecture to-night.
cor. Sev. -cth nnd Market sts.. by W. 1.. IMI -
cey, "Vehicles of Consciousness." I. 'US
circle 11 a. m. In.pilr^rs' classes Tuesdays
at >> i>. m. -*' irsdays 2:30 p. m.
meetings — Sl NDAY.
A FREE lecture this evening, 9 o'clock, on
"Consumption; Its Cause, Nature an.l Cure,"
by Dr. J Depew Kergan (of Drs. K. & X.'s
Electric Sanitarium), at Crystal Hall, Pyth-
ian Castle, 909 Market St., followed by mag-
nificent views of a tour of Mexico. "Our Sla-
ter Republic." Those attending this lecture
may procure free tickets to the wonderful X-
ray exhibition at the Sanitarium, corner of
Market an.l Mason sts., on Tuesday evening
next.
HALLOWEEN Social anel Dance, given by
li AUl. •">**. VKi-N s .ciai and Dance, given by
Electro-Medical Society at Occidental Hall.
3'eo Larkin s'.. Monday eve.. Oct. 30, 1899, at
S p. m. sharp; admission, Including refresh-
ments, 10 cents.
AT DR. RISES' Spiritual Society. 909 Market—
-
11. free: 2-8. 10c; Mrs. Seeley. Vl?er3. Gllling-
h.-im, Davison; tests, :t"", McAllister st. :
Wednesday, Nov. 1, 8 p. m.; test; read.; free;
collection.
SOCIETT of Progressive Spiritualists, Occi-
c Spirit allsts, Occi-
dental Hall, corner Larkin and McAllister,
Sunday, at 7:30 p. m.; speaker. Mrs. R. S.
Lillie; subject, "The Border Land."
PROF. GEE, medium. In his wonderful and
convincing test, 2 and S p. m. 102 O'Farrell
St.. below Alcazar; music; I': if. Shrafl , 10c.
JOHN SLAT RR— Grand seance to-night at
8:1">: hall. 909 Market st.; messages and ques-
tions answered; admission lee cents.
MME YOUNG has returned from the East:
will h.ild a lest .-Ircle to-night, 80S McAllister;
K'c; -come, skeptics; sittings dally. .
EDWARD EARLE. the great psychic. In hts
marvelous ie»ts at Sccttirh Hall. 107 Larkin
st.. to-night; 10c. -
MRS. HA BLAND'S test circle to-night: jewels;
art read; 10c; business readings. $1. 34 Sixth.
MRS. '' .1. MEYER .md others. 333 McAllister;
wonderful tests E p. m., 10.-; skeptics Invited.
MRS. MARY -*-.*•- to 142 Sixth et.;
circle 10c: Sun.. 2 and 8 p. m. . also M in. eve.
tOIJI J-'CU I.i URI fin Noting, 321 Turk, ;^ill
A N. REED of Boston, speaker; 7:2 a p. m.
LARKIN. 117— S p. m.. Church Divine Spiritual
Truth; Mmes. Wrenn, Miller, Hatch; free.
EDWARD FISCHER will hold test seance to-
niglit f o'clock. 903 Mnrket: admission 10c.
C. V. MILLER'S ethereal I alng, materializing
seance, 3 p. m., 3ilc. 409 Leavenworth st.
AT F.verhnrdt's Hall— Convincing teat to-night.
3250 Twenty-second Bt.; skeptics Invited.
:\Ss. KJ S. AITKIN'S. 120 McAllister, flat 1;
•»«t medium; sittints daily.
MRP. MENA FRANCIS. Independent slate
writing medium. 118 Haight it.
MEETINGS — Inlversal Brotherhood.
THEOSOPHR'AL Society In America. 819 Mar-
ket st. Lecture to-night, • "The Greatest In
the World." by Dr. Allen Griffiths. Interna-
tional Brotherhood League Tuesday night,
subject. "legalized Crime."
MKBTTKG .NOTICES.
.MEETING NOTICES.
ST. ANDREW'S Society— Regular . -ry •<*.
meeting will be held TO-MOR- A, aCQ
ROW (MONDAY) EVENING, at -^Kl^/
Scottish Hall. 117 Larkin *t.. after VsE**
which there will be a-"Smok»r." Members
and friends are Invited to he present.
JAP. S. WEBSTER. President.
A. H. PATTERSON, Secretary.
SECOND twenty-elxhth annual picnic of the
rl Portuguese Protective and Benevolent Asso-
slation SUNDAY. October 2?. ISM, at Shell-
ir.ound Park. Berkeley. In case of rain on the
2'tl- the picnic will take place on November
}. .First-class bond has been engaged for
this ocdaalon, also a string band for bane-
ing In the upper hall In the Ar.orean style.
Tickets. 23 cents; 'children under 12 years,
free Bout* leave every half hour. Asso-
ciation leaves on 10 a. in. boat.
ILLUSTRATED lecture on astrology; free to
lodges, etc. Call at "M*.. Market St.. room 24.
ASTROLOGY.
acTrOI^OGY— Serrano, recognized brightest as-
trologer In America; sketch of life an pros-
pects Send date of birth, sex and 13c. PROF.
SERRANO. P. O. I. ix 6235. Boston. Mars.
ATTORN AT LAW.
ADVICE ' ';■•- } W. KING, sixth floor Chron-
icle ball-am*: no advance charges; all cases;
I. .Ht- mortgages.' damages, collections.
banlln.pte? wins. etc.. drawn; moderate
fres; call or write. _*___
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; Pr>v»":
no fee Without success; collections, O. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 830 Market.. cor. Stocktn.
L S. CLARK. Emma deckels building. 927
Market: consultation free; no fees In advance.
N-Ar,i,l f* NAGLE. attorneys at law. Emma
Spreckels bnlldlrg. 927 Market- st.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market at., op*. Mason.
ACCOUNTANTS.
S. K. BALLARD. 401 Cal. St.. designs, audits A
adjusts -accounts for corporations & flrm«: ref.
HH YCLE KfcPAIKS-
__1U( VCLi: KhiPAIKS^
THOS. H. B. VARNEY. Market and Tenth.
RAMBLER AND IDEAL BICYCLES.
; REPAIRING A SPECIALTY.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
MARKET, 1049 A (Hotel Robinson)— Under new
I and excellent management: MRS. M. C. ROB-
i INSON, formerly of Oakland, prop.; sunny
suites, very desirable for families; first-class
I table: quick service: reasonable rates; family
suites a spec.; American and European plan.
EDDY. 123— United States Hotel; rooms $1 50
we-k up. with board $5 £0: suit for two with
beard. $12: board, $4 week; meals. 25c: ele-
vator runs all right.
A NEW family hotel. 807 California St.. occu-
py, ing corner opposite Grace Church.
"BELGRAVIA." Polk and Clay— Sunny suites;
best board: for 2. $15 up; single, $20.
RRELL, 742— A sunny front room; supe-
rior table board; bath, gas, piano; reasonable,
PINE, 1222- Handsome family hotel: sunny
rooms; suite or single- refs. Miss Hutchinson.
i POWELL, 309 (The Wnldnrf)— Furnished suites
end =!rele with or without hoard,
BOARD AND ROOMS WANTED.
HOARD AND ROOMS WANTED,
MIDDLE-AGED gentleman wants board or
lodgings in Mission or near park; sunny;
! heated; private adult family preferred; refer-
; ences exchanged. Address boat 235, CalL
; WANTED, by man and -wife, sunny room with
breakfast and dinner In neat plain family;
near direct ferry car line; state price. Ad-
-1 dress W., 239 Golden Gate aye.
SUNNY room with breakfast and dinner; state
I terms. Box 2923. Call.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
1 WANTED Baby for adoption by charitable.
! lonely lady from Seattle: would care for
I mother In confinement. Address, ln confl-
I dence. box 2978, Call office.
I LADY having nice home would like child to
board: object, company; girl preferred. Ap-
| ply 4.'>9 Minna St., near Sixth.
GOOD home: private schooling: terms $10. A.
! 7... box 275, Call offlce.
CHILDREN boarded: best of care: terms mod-
crate. 6 Cottage row, off Bush. nr. Webster.
BY Spanish lady, a child to take care at home.
1013 Mason -*
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
I SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Hc-lmes ■*'< 704 Mission st. . near Third.
1 .
1 -. : . —
BOOTS AND SHOES.
B4HHTS ANi> SHOES.
j LADIES' vesting top lace shoes, special... .$1 i:">
Children's shoes, all styles, VA to HH ... 73
Men's shoes, $1 up: send for price list. Peo-
ple's Shoe Store, 1303 Su-ckton. nr. Broadway.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
FIRST-CLASS candy store; half value; death
cause eale; bargain. COWING A CO., 993
Market st.
I BRANCH baker-., notions, candy: bargain this
I day; $200. COWING & CO., 995 Market st.
08. - 'KRY * first-class corner; good location;
must sell; sickness. COWING & CO.. 995 Mkt.
A— H25; SALOON with living rooms; cause
sickness. COWING & CO., 996 Market si
$250— RESTAURANT and i furnished rooms
opp. dei.ot; half hour's ride from city; fine
business: furniture worth price asked.
KREDO & CO., 22Vi Gear)' st. _____________
A— sl9oo; restaurant; elegantly fitted up; doing
A > itaurant; elegantly fitted up;
good business. $.".0 to $U>o daily: best location
in city; going East. Kredo & Co.. 22'fc Geary:
A— SOW— CIGAR stand; corner; clears $100 a
month; cheap rent. Kredo ,v Ce.* 22H Geary-
$1000— COFFEE, tea and crockery store; best lo-
cation in the city; cash or will trade for lot
of equal value. M. LESS, 763 Market st.
$450— RESTAURANT in prosperous country
town, near city: bargain; departure cause of
sale. . MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777' i Market.
Mclaughlin & co., 777% Market.
$4ioo— LOT 100x200; corner San Leandro road
and Rose St.. near Fruitvale; on electric car
line; new building; 7 living rooms; large
store and saloon; elegant grounds; stable and
warehouse; 9 rustic outhouses; finest road-
side resort in Alameda County; selling on
account of sickness; $2300 down; balance easy
terms. Apply to owner on premises, C
CLUNDT, San Leandro road, also Call
Branch, Oakland; San Leandro electric car
passes door.
$2500—1 WANT a good honest partner, with
this amount. In an established office business,
handling articles of great merit anel universal
demand; I hold the exclusive right for sal?
and manufacturing of these goods in the
Unite,! States and Canada; I need help; splen-
did profits; I have S2e>oo worth of goods on
hand; wish to advance the business. Box
£SM},«Ca!l office.
YOUNG lady owning valuable property near
San Francisco, nicely situated for summer
resort and .sanitarium, would like a partner
with about $10,000 to Improve the land; will
give part Interest us security. A.bir I.
D., b.x 2953, Call offlce.
$3. c.c FOR bait Interest contracting business;
established 40 years, clearing 15600 per year;
young active man preferred; good reason for
making this bargain. Address box 2976, Call.
EXCEPTIONAL opening for good business man
with $10,000 to $15,000 In manufacture of sta-
ple; fullest Investigation; references ex-
changed. Box 2577, Call office.
?32eJ0— HOTEL; 80 rooms; richly furnished;
good will: doing splendid business; grand lo-
cation; half cash. E. E. BCNCE. 903 Broad-
way, Oakland.
FOR sale — Established wholesale liquor busi-
ness with exclusive beer. Ice and soda water
tri'de ln a mining town; $3000 cash. Box i---4,
Call offlre.
BLACKSMITH and wagon business for sale or
to let; long established; best section of the
State. C. B. STEANE, Pleasanton.
FOR BENT $10; butcher shop; excellent loca-
tion; no other near It. R. J. MONTGOM-
ERY, 470 Thirteenth St.. Oakland.
$20-00 MADE In IS days by my plan of specula-
tion in Wall St.: write Immediately. THOMP-
SON & CO., 60 Broadway. N. Y.
WANTED— Printer as partner to publish trade
Journal; only one other in U. S. Address 11.,
box 810, Call Bee, Oakland.
FOR sale— Grocery and bar; flne location; good
cash trad.-; on account of going East. Ad-
dress box 2SS7, Call office.
TREASURER wanted with $300 to $500; handle
his own money; investigation solicited. Box
2322, Call office.
ELECTRICIAN and locksmith's shop; doing
good business; good location. Box 2811, Call.
1 $23.000 — Business property and lodging, with flats
! & stores; good Income. Owner, box 2875, Cadi.
j COMPLETE outfit of paying restaurant, cheap.
Climax Restaurant. Palo Alto, Cal.
$75 BUYS profitable business; sacrifice; must be
j sold by lst. Inquire COT Powell st.
1 BRANCH bakery for sale, very cheap; sick-
| ness cause of sale. 434>- Sixth st. •
i FOR sale— Good stove. No. 7. with waterback;
517 GO; good baker. 214 Octavia st.
■ FOR sale— grocery with three living rooms
and yard. Box 2579, Call offlce.
I WANTED — A good restaurant outfit; complete.
Apply 227 San Carlos aye.
GOOD paying fruit store cheap for cash. 1052
Howard st.
TO sell your business quick see BCIIOTTLER
A CO.. 632 Market st.
GOOD family restaurant for sale cheap; other
business cause. I Addrees S. M. COX, Sonora,
Tuolumne County. Cal.
$225— CHICKEN ranch; chickens; furniture; Im-
provements; feed; rent $5. L. ISAAC. Dl-
mond. Frultvale. •
GOOD laundry route; on account of other
bualnesj. Box 888, Call.
PARTNER for old est. florist shop; doing pros-
perous business: cheap rent. Apply Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS grocery store for sale; no bar;
finest location In the city; only finest class of
trade; invoice $4000. R. EVERETT, 1179 Oak.
i FOR rent— Bakery and confectionery with 4 liv-
ing rooms; doing good business. Apply 918
Larkin St., between 3 and 6 p. m.
: Wool) nnd coal yard for sale cheap. Apply 6
', Oak Grove, near Sixth and Harrison sts.
j RESTAURANT for sale; good reason for aelL
t ing. ■ 430 Sansome st.
j $:O— DRESSMAKING for sale; 4 sunny furn.
rooms: plenty of work. I*;?**; Devisadero st.
$300— 10- ROOM house; rent low; water free.
t'''~t Mission St.. room 8; no agents.
FOR sale cheat), account of other business,
■wood and coal yard. 3487 Nineteenth st., near
Valencia; Inquire In grocery opposite.
GROCERY store; doing a good business; good
location. Inquire of E. A. KOLB. 419 Mont-
gomery at.
FOR sale at sacrifice; retiring from business:
wholesale and retail store, established 26
years: suitable for wholesale and retail gro-
cery or drug store or hotel; can be rented
separate; long lease If desired. GEO. MON-
NIER, 1133 Howard, bet. Seventh and Eighth.
CORNER grocery and bar; good corner;
established 12 years: good trade; stock new:
cause of jelling, retiring from business; lease
if desired. Junction Guerrero, San Jose aye.
and Valley 5t....-,*..' .- ;
WANTED- E'.rst-clnss woodworker for high-
class work; must have 81000. Bos 2838, Call.v
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 29, 1899.
BUSINESS CHANCES—
i MODEL Art Store, 3032 Sixteenth St.. below Va-
lencia; on account of death; pictures, picture
frames;' all kind of art materials; portraits
enlarged. .
SA LOON- Vi Seventh st.; I. O. O. F. building.
opp. new Bostofflce bldg. ; make offer.
$25<**>— ONE of the best located drug stores ln
the city, clearing $200 per month; selling on
I account of other business. Address L 8.,
box 844. '.Ca1l office.
: SECOND-HAND furniture and tool store doing
! fine business; on account going East. 1070
Howard st.
I PARTNER in cheap and useful invention, or
PARTNER In cheap and useful Invention, or
will sell whole or part. Address 511 Eighth.
! $1000 WILL buy half interest ln $4000 ranch.
j Write P. O. box 321. Redding. Cal.
j FOR sale— Barber shop near Presidio. Inquire
163 Second st. •
$230— OLD established florist shop: doing pros-
perous business: cheap rent. Apply Call oflice.
PRIVATE boarding-house; 23 boarders; 15
rooms; all full: north Market. Box 1344 Call.
! RESTAURANT outfits for sale. D. McRAE.
743 Mission st.
! COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL ft CO.'S, 412 Sacramento st.
1 A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
i northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky- "ts. Open till 9 p. m.
CARRIAGES AM) WAGONS.
_^^^^-^, —^~«~-
- top buggy, almost new; business buiti-jy,
FINE top buggy, almost new; business buggy,
new-: buseiess wagons, new, suitable for dry
Roods- stores; rockaway. 828 Harrison st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, .arts, harness,
I etc.. cheap. EGAN A- SON. 2117 Mission St.
' 100 SETS second-hand harness: wagons, carts.
hnrsrtes. rurre-rs nnd horses. 1140 Folsom sf.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
I WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
• send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama St.: tei. S. 40.
! CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. O. H.
I STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-40 Bth St.; tel. South 250.
' J McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
4.'.:* Stevenson St.: tel. South 228; lowest rates.
; ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
tel Main 304. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
' CARPETS cleaned at 3c p.;r yard; laid at 3c.
I BTRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
i _— — - — —
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. *-40 Hth
.1 K. Mile HELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. .40 14th
st. ; cleaning. 3c per yard: tri. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 126^
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
| ■CLAIRVOYANTS AM» :•' IKIHAUVM.
MRS. DR. CLARK,
THE WELL-KNOWN TRANCE MEDIUM,
206 Turk st., near Jones.
ARE YOU IN TROUBLE?
Bad health, business worry, family difficulties,
legal complications, or under evil influences?
j Mrs. Clark will help you. She deals with life
: and its practical bearing*, and many are they
i who rise to call her name "Messed.'* Her
! snonnous and varied experience for years of
study and travel, and. above all. her marvelous
i power of knowing all things at a glance, make
I lier advice invaluable. The moat complicated
! diseases, business entanglement or domestic
diflicultv is instantly perceived and the remedy
suggested. There is no case too difficult for
I her to handle, as thousands can testify.
Life in all its phases aha has made her one
' study. The cause of failure, the road to suc-
[ cess, denominate conditions, and rise above all
evils of whatsoever kind she has mastered. Nee
, man or w..man need remain under the cloud.
There is always a way out. She will discover it
and help you.
READ HER CIRCULAR,
Sent free on application with 2-cent stamp,
1 and learn more about the laws of life and her
own peculiar and wonderful powers than you
| have ever known.
SHE GIVES ADVICE ON BUSINESS,
I speculation, stocks. Investments, law, etc. She
! will tell you what trade, business or profession
, you are adapted for. Tells you when and whom
i you will marry and how to make It a peaceable
j and happy union. Has your lover deceived you?
jOr are you in trouble? You can be aided and
I all can be made right. Family love, and. in
; fact, all domestic troubles of public or private
i nature, can be made right and kept right after
a visit to this inspired medium of modern
I times.
Removes evil Influences. She never falls to
l unite the separated by proper advice.
I LEARN THE SECRET POWER OF CON-
TROL.
i Have you ever noticed how some people are
j lucky, happy and prosperous in life, while
others merely ex.-- an.l are just as miserably
unhappy? Why Is this*." Can you answer? Ask
her and she will tell you why. Mrs. Clark has
I devoted ten years of her life to the study of
; clairvoyance.
Mrs. Clark has been located In this city for
| several years, and la not Compelled to seek
other, localities.
SHE HAS STOOD THE TEST AND IS HERE
TO STAY.
Call and test the doctor to your heart's con-
! tent, and you will depait thoroughly satisfied
i that there is at least one reliable medium and
clairvoyant now In your midst. Nothing In life
Is too obscure for Mrs. Dr. Clark to reveal.
If you have lost faith and given up in despair
because of former failure, take courage now
and call on Mrs. Dr. oiaek without delay. Con-
viction will be sure, and happiness and success
will follow.
ALWAYS CONSULT THE BEST.
Every person Is especially adapted to some
particular business, profession or trade which
, may Justly he termed his true vocation, anil
yet more than half of you are fighting against
un unknown fate or fame, fortune and position
I which you do not and cannot obtain until you
i find your true vocation.
If you are contented with your present work
I you have found your true vocation, and success
' will attend you, but if dissatisfied and all la
; going against you it is an evidence that you
have not found your true vocation. A visit to
I Mrs. Dr. Clark will soon settle this all-Impor-
, tant question, and your true vocation be point-
ed out to you; and If possessed of only a mod-
; crate degree of energy and brains success will
; be sure to attend you. She advises you with a
' certainty by a higher than human power as to
j the proper course to pursue In life. Her de-
i scriptions of your friends and enemies are as
i real as though they stood before you. Call and
. teal the doctor to your heart's content, and you
! will depart thoroughly Eatisfled that there is at
! least one reliable medium and clairvoyant now
i In your midst. Nothing In life is too obscure
for Mrs. Dr. Clark to reveal.
N. B. — Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by
; mail. Send stamp for circular, with special
, terms. Sickness, losses, death, etc., will be
i omitted from your reading at your request;
otherwise everything, good and bud, will be
given.
All business sacred and confldentlal. Home
Sundays and evenings.
MRS. DR. CLARK.
205 Turk st, near Jones.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, the celebrated test
medium, life reader and medical clairvoyant;
sittings, $1: diagnosis free; "new method"
treatment for chronic, private, obscure dis-
eases; send stamp for circular. 232 Stockton.
MME. MELBOURNE, gifted clairvoyant; never
falls: satisfaction guaranteed; hours, 1:30 to 5
p. m., 7-10 p. m.; L.. 25c; G., SOc. 612^ Eddy.
MADAME A. CERVANTES, the celebrated
Spanish fortune teller, newly arrived. 8
Hayes st.. room 7. second floor.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st. near Mission.
EDWARD EARLE, independent Blatewrlter,
330 Ellis st.: seance Scottish Hall, Sun, night.
EDDY, 1951— Pretty modern cottage; 6 rooms
and bath; in good order: garden and yard.'
CATHERINE DEAN, wonderful scientific life
and card reader. 959 Howard, cor Sth, office 23.
ATTEND Wm. Marquise's test circle to-night.
8 o'clock; 10c. 850 Market St.. parlor 4. /
MRS. C. J. MEYER. 335 McAllister; readings;
test meetings. 10c; circles, 2»c; dally, 2, 8 P- m.
GYPSY life reader; satisfaction guaranteed;
2.-, c; correct answers to all questions. 9 7th st.
MME. BERINSKLEY, fortune teller! 18A Co-
lumbla Square, bet. Cth and 7th,. ofT Folsom.
MMM. HANSON, palmistry, 10c: card reader!
past, present, future, 23c. 14S Sixth st., r. 12.
YOUR future told by cards. 25c; dally, 10 a. m.
to 10 p.m.; Pun., 10 a.m. to 8 p.m.. 10214 Sixth.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 2."> c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader:
sittings daily. 212U Sixth st.
MRS. WEST, trance medium anft healer. 1208
Market, par. 14; mail with $1 and stamp ans.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth St.
PROF. Gee— Medium: read's. FOc. $1: test circles
Tues.. Thurs.. Fri.. 8 p. m. inc. 1035 Market.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing: a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
Agent. Office and factor)'. 21 Sr»nr st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY" S Agency; no charg-e un-
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charjre un-
less successful. Room 310, 927 Market at.
. COTTAGES TO LET.
$900— The cheapest, healthiest and most con-
venient 3-room house: high basement; bath
and stationary washtubs- a variety of fruit
trees; close to electric cars. inquire corner
23d aye and 23 st., E. Oakland, or at 94 Ninth
St., San Francisco.
514 -FURNISHED or unfurnished. 137 Julian
aye., off Sixteenth and Mission sta; modern
improvements.
COTTAGE. 4 rooms, /large grounds; also flat
I of 4 rooms. Apply 53 Chenery St.. nr. 30th.
COTTAGE; . three rooms. 7094 Harrison st.,
rear; $6. .-"J- '■* .'- *. *-*,'■**: -
NICE cottage; 7 rooms and bath: rent cheap.
4437 Twentieth st. _________
REAR cottage of 3 rooms and hall: rent $6.
211 Eighth st., near Howard.
6 SUNNY rooms; chicken house, barn; cheap.
621 Thirtieth st.. near Noe.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms and bath, with or with-
out stable. 409 Dolores st.. near Seventeenth.
COTTAGES WANTED. _____
WANTED— A 4 or 5-room " cottage; modern;
sunny; bath, etc.: detached. W. 11. G..
Golden West Hotel. __^____— _
DENTISTS. __„_„
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors, 927
Market st.. over Cafe Zlnkard— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by the use cf electricity, gas
or chloroform- also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to th- gums; the best snd most artDtlc
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from $1 up: other fillings from ->0c;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain: plates that fit
from $4 60 up: flesh colored pistes from $3 30
up; teeth without plates a specialty; op-in
evenings and Sundays. 1
A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry.
Synol. on application to the gums, removes
the pain: see our flesh colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth wlth-
|. out a plate; fillings, 50c; crowns. $3 60; plates.
, full set, $.**,. all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st. *■
I AT th- ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. SOO Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gdd crowns,
$3 50 up: plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
flee hours, 9 a. m to 10 p. m. : Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method: crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3: received 3 first
prizes: no students: guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH extracted free; the best work; the low-
est prices; all work warranted and painless;
te'th without plates a specialty. Modern
Dental Parlors. 1208 Market, -or. Golden Gate.
j VA..' VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years; lowest price*; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market st.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.. 8 graduate opera-
tors: open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush;
full set teeth, $4: crowns, $3; fillings. 25c.
MEYER— Zlahnarzt, 6 Turk: lst-class
work: prices reas.; gas; crown &. bridge work.
LOWEST prices In S. F. : work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists 967 Mission, cor. Cth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. n*ar
Eleventh; crowns, bridge wdtk and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
' SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
; DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladies Tailoring parlors:
French tailoring system tauirht. 303 Van Ness.
| PARISIAN dressmaking. 351 Geary: dresses
made $5 up; dresses made ever: perfect flt.
' — " -— l»^»^—^—^»^— -■»— — ee»e— — »e— —^
EDUCATIONAL.
EDUCATIONAL.
MR. and MRS. W. V. AYRES havo returned
MR. and MRS. W. F. AYRES havo returned
from their vacation and resumed personal su-
pervision over Ayres' Business College; new
and progressive methods In all branches; the
only school in the city having the right to
us* the practical Budget system of bookkeep-
ing; life scholarship, $50; send for catalogue.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., 8. F. ;
practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.: new 80-page catalogue free.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, mm
ing, mech. survey.assay.archi. ;day and even.;
est. 1864. VAN. DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. San Francisco Business
College. 1233 Market st.
', LAW Schools. 927 Market, S. P., and 905 Broad-
i way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
PROF. MERKI'S mandolin club resumes Nov.
2; new members welcome: ref. 1008 Mission.
FRENCH. Spanish, etc.. Prof. De Fillippe's
Academy of languages, 320 Post: ablest profs.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory of
leipsic; lessons "fc. 220 Golden Gate aye.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busi-
ness College. 305 larkin St.. opp. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic. grammar, writing;
day and nicht: terms low. 1024 Mission. nr.6th.
EM PLO YM ENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE Information Bureau: Japanese and
Chinese help; housecleaning. 421 Post; tele-
phone Main 1986. -y-y-:-
- Employment Office-Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; "el. Black 1321.
1 FIELDS Employment Agency; help furnished
free, 653 Clay st. . phone Davis 821.
| JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; nil kinds
I help. GEO. OAKI. 30 Geary st. tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce;
best help. 414*6 O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
I SAM KEE. 513 Bush; best Chinese help fur-
nished promptly. Telephone Red 1531. ■
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires situation;
understands French and German cooking;
good mf. MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter.
NEAT young girl desires situation to assist
In light housework. Apply to MISS H. CUL-
LINAN, 323 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS infants' nurse desires situation;
best ref.; city or country. MISS H. CULLI-
NAN, 323 Sutter St.; Phone, Main 651.
SITUATION wanted by a refined young wor-
n to do light housework in' small family
and as companion to lady; best of references
given. Box 803, Call office.
YOUNG woman wants work by the day; wash-
ing or ironing or housecleaning; ls a good
laundiess. Box 993, Call offlce.
WOMAN wishes situation to do housework;
Is good cook; city or country. 1015 Clay st.
GERMAN woman wishes situation to do cook-
ing and assist with housework; wages $20;
reference if required. 1147 Mission St., nr. 7th.
SITUATION wanted to assist In housework
and the care of invalid or children. 8 Hayes.
AN elderly woman will make herself useful
ln small family in the city; good home; small
wages Address F. BROWN, Thirty-first aye.
and Clement st. ■■: : .
NORTH German girl wishes place aa nurse.
MISS G. BTADTLANDER, Y. W. C. A.. 1259
Farrell st.
YOUNG German woman wants work by day
washing or housecleaning. Call or address
411 Tenth aye., near Point Lobos.
GERMAN woman, first-class American cook,
wants position; wages $25. 2409 Clay (rear).
PREPOSSESSING housekeeper, thoroughly com-
petent; understands care of children; no ob-
jection to leaving city. Apply 230 Hyde St..
top back fiat. ■
RESPECTABLE middle-aged woman wishes
position as housekeeper or take charge of
rooming house; city or country. Box 2926,
Call offlce. -.:-.;* -*..-;c. *
WOMAN wants housework; city or country: Is
good plain cook; no cards. 661 Howard, nr. 3d.
YOUNG lady wishes position to care for chil-
dren and assist In light housework; city or
. country. 1:,, x 2927. Call.
i FIRST-CLASS hairdresser and manicure de-
Eires a position. Address box 2849. Call.
DRESSMAKER wishes to go out sewing by
the day; prices moderate. 510 Powell st.
WOMAN of culture desires to read nn hour or
two each day to an Invalid. Address Box
2925. Call office.
RESPECTABLE person wants position In a
small private family to do housework, small
wash; or would eat-.- for an invalid lady. Ad-
g dress 173 Minna at. ; no cards answered.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman, flrst-elass
delicacy maker, carver and saleslady, with
best references, wishes a steady situation.
28 Sixth st., room 11. .*•,..-,-•
WANTED— By a lady, position as housekeeper,
nurse or companion; references exchanged.
Box 978. Cnll office.
WANTED— By an up-to-date woman, a posi-
tion as bill collector or advertisement solici-
tor. Box 979, Call office.
REFINED young lady would like a position
as working housekeeper. Address box 2972,
Call offlce,
SITUATION wanted by a refined woman as
nurse or for general housework; best refer-
ences.^ 1697 Fifteenth st.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged lady wishes posl-
. tion as working housekeeper or work on
ranch; references. Call or address 604 San
Pablo aye.. Oakland.
WOMAN with a child wants position; good
cook; city or country.. Apply 961 Mission st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
IS there any educational family who would
like to add one more lone girl (grammar
school graduate) to their number and give
her enough to do to earn her board and room
and Sl a week for car fare, and give her a
business education; best references. Address
box 2873, Call office.
WANTED— By middle-aged American j lady,
position ns working housekeeper or light
housework, or teach children: references.
Please address IRENE WILSON. Sacramento.
RESPECTABLE lady, good cook, kind to chil-
dren, wishes position as housekeeper; city or
country. Call Golden West Hotel, Ellis at.,
room 27, between 1 and 3 p. m.
POSITION as housekeeper by respectable
woman with a child 4 years old; city or across
the bay. 1525*4 Mission st.
NURSE— A male nurse, graduate of Beilevue,
N. V.. wants engagement in private family.
Address Nurse, Red Cross Tent.
REFINED Eastern lady wishes position as
housekeeper. Please write or call at 731 San
Pablo aye., Oakland. '
FIRST-CLASS cook wishes situation; country
preferred; good reference. Call for three days
5 Ewing place.
WANTED— By a first-class woman, place to do
general housework; no objection to the coun-
try. 445 First st.
WILLING, competent girl wishes to do house-
work; Is good cook: wages $25. Call at pres-
ent employer's, 1309 Octavla st. '
SITUATION wanted by Swedish girl as cook
in American family; $25 per month. Call 136
I Twelfth st.
WOMAN would like plain sewing at home. 821
Mission St., rpom 1.
TWO young ladles would like chamber work
together In hotel. Address box 270, Call.
HOUSEKEEPER; take charge of home or do
second work; Al references. Box 267. Call.
RESPECTABLE young lady, unexperienced.
j would like wcrk In a spice house label de-
partment. Call or address MISS JONES. 285
Eleventh st.
i EXPERIENCED reliable nurse wants some en-
gagements; would receive patients In her
home; good references. Address Nurse, 47 A
Clara St., Third and Fourth, Folsom and Har-
rison. /
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near* Ma-
r 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 nlfht: $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH oflice for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED .MALE.
COMPETENT couple desire situations on a
ranch; man first-class ranch hand; wife good
cook. Apply to MISS H. CULLINAN, 323
Sutter st.
SITUATION wanted by competent man on a
small ranch; understands fruit, general farm-
ing, poultry and vegetable raising; references.
Address box 2977. Call office.
RELIABLE man wants position as coachman,
man about place, or would take charge of
private place or stock ranch; experienced and
competent: good references. Address G. W.,
727 Bush st.
YOUNG man, bookkeeper, desires work of any
kind In wholesale house to start; no liquors.
J. B. S., 317% Larkin st. *_
| COACHMAN, understands his business thor-
oughly In all branches, Al references, desires
situation as such. Ad. C. S., 1022 Jackson st.
GOOD cakes baker and fine ornamenter, elderly
man, wants a light situation for a very small
salary; city or country. Please address 1616
Stockton st. X.'-2 *.'■-.-■*.'■■'
COOK wants a position: is a good all-round
cook; in a restaurant or cafe as first or sec-
ond. Please call or address F. G., 86 Ninth.
: MAN and wife wish positions; wife good cook.
Address box 983, Call office.
SINGLE coachman wants situation and be use-
ful: city or country; good private references.
Box 2979, Call offlce.
A— sloo WILL be paid for Information that
will secure situation for practical farmer as
manager or foreman of dairy, stock, vine-
yard or grain ranch; thoroughly competent to
take full charge of either; best of references.
Address J., box S7O, Call offlce.
WORTHY Knight Templar, I. O. O. F., G. A.
R.. Spanish war, wishes position; thoroughly
competent of handling horses, cows, swine;
cares more for home than wages. LOUIS, 552
Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
TRUSTWORTHY young man would like a
situation; willing to do almost anything; can
I give best of references. Box 2930, Call.
JAPANESE couple want situations; man as
excellent cook, with good wife wait at table
or as lady's maid; has long experience. MR.
KOSNOE. 1301 Larkin st.
CARPENTER wants work; repairing old work
a specialty. Box 2925. Call.
MAN and wife to take charge of ranch In
country or work on ranch; woman good cook;
man good farmer; moderate wages; ref. Ad-
dress W. It., 509 Birch aye.
j YOUNG man, Swedish, wants a situation tn a
private place as a porter, cleaning windows
and outside work; last place over 7 years;
has reference. Box 2874, Call.
WANTED— Steady Job in a furniture and carpet
store; expert carpet layer. Box 2971, Call.
, INDUSTRIOUS, sober young man wishes work
I of any kind: knows the city thoroughly;
handy with, horses; best kind of references.
Address 400 Capp st.
1 WANTED— By a good and reliable young man
of IS. a position In wholesale house or office;
good education and best of references. Ad-
dress, box 994, Call office.
ACCOUNTANT, age 37, twenty years' city
experience, bookkeeper, cashier and manager,
wants work; steady or temporary: city or
country. Address box 2919, Call office.
YOUNG man desires oflice work or position ln
hardware store; experience ln latter; good
reference. Address box 229, Call office.
i YOUNG mnn would like a situation ln hotel
as norter or pantryman; first class. Box 2921.
Call office.
YOUNG man wants light, steady work on
ranch. WM. WOOD. 530 Eddy St., nr. Larkin.
SITUATION desired by young man at any In-
door work: would work for private family; no
previous experience, but would expect small
wages at first. Box 2968. Call.
YOUNG Danish man, single, wants situation
In private place; thoroughly understands care
of horses, cows and garden; best of references.
Address P., LUND, 360 Seventh St., Oakland.
JAPANESE, young honest boy, wants position
at housework and waiting, Y. SHIGEDOMI,
box 982, Call offlce.
WANTED— Work by German In wine or liquor
house; experienced cellar man and bottler. Ad-
dress box 268, Call.
SITUATION wanted by a young man as por-
ter or ehamberwork In hotel; city or coun-
try. Address box 2916, Call offlce.
HOTEL and restaurant steward; can furnish
I the best of references. Box 274, Call offlce.
MAN of good character wants situation in gen-
eral merchandise or grocery store In country;
will work cheap at first to learn the busi-
ness; good driver; references. Address L. B.
727 Bush st. * "-:C-A ■'-'•
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m. .
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
I
EXCHANGE.
EXCHANGE.
ELEGANT home ln Oakland. 9 rooms, bath,
basement and attic; furnace and laundry In
basement; all modern Improvements: dining
room finished In oak; NE. corner lot 75x125;
beautiful grounds; very hnndy to cars, school
and trains; bank appraisement $7500 two
months ago; cost owner $10,000; will exchange
equity of $4000 for, good clear property, either
country or city.
$3000— Fkie large cottage close to Telegraph
aye., Oakland; lot 50x130; house has 8 rooms.
bath and basement; will take half cash and
half property. '-.r '. v-'v ■ .
WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
903 BROADWAY, OAKLAND
Room 16, Second Floor, Mills Bldg, S. F.
70-ACRE ranch. 29 In fruit. 35 hay, In
Suisun. Valley: income property.
$4200— 21 acres. Al fruit ranch, Vacaviile; 15
acres bearing; for city or over the bay prop-
erty. GERMAN-AMERICAN. 84 Kearny St.
GOOD renting Oakland property for ranches.
J. H. EPSON. 1209 Broadway, Oakland.
FLATS TO let.
FINE flat. 7 rooms and bath; 523 McAllister, nr.
Van Ness. Apply 623 Golden Gate aye.
FINE sunny flat; six rooms, bath; very reason-
able. Cor. Clay and Webster sts. .**.*
FLAT hunting . made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10
Montgomery st.
FLAT of 5 large, sunny rooms and bath; rea-
. sonable. 3647 Sacramento st., cor. Spruce.
FLAT newly built; 7 rooms and bath. SW. cor"
Noe and Twenty-third sts.
FURNISHED sunny corner flat 4 rooms; rent
$18. Corner Hermann and Jessie sta
FLATS TO LET.
GEARY, 1917— $18; 4 furnished rooms; bath;
toilet; 2 beds; 2 stoves; gas and coal; all
necessaries.
GEARY, 2222-2226— Flats; 5 sunny rooms each
and bath;l rent moderate.
HARRISON, 711— Nice upper flat: 4 rooms;
large sunny yard; $9.
HOWARD, 1806— Sunny double bay-window
fiat of 6 rooms and bath; rent $14.
McALLISTER, 1129— Upper flat, 7 rooms; with
light and sun; reasonable to good tenant.
MISSION. 1148— Sunny lower flat; 4 rooms; good
repair; $10.
NEW modern flat. Just completed; 8 rooms and
bath; reasonable. 1433 O'Farrell St.. between
Laguna and Buchanan.
PERRY. 114— Sunny lower flat: good condition:
4 rooms; $10. -,
SCOTT, 1314-16— Near Girls' High School; 8
rooms; bath; nice cellar.
SIXTH. 536 A —Upper flat. 5 rooms; bath: large
yard; front and rear entrance; rent $12.
SUNNY flat of 4 rooms. Apply at 55% Zoe St.,
between Bryant, Brannan, Third and Fourth.
SUNNY upper flat; 8 rooms, bath; $35. 1023
Ellis st, bet. Franklin and Gough.
TWENTY-FIRST, 3311-3315, near Valencia—
TWo flats; 3 rooms and bath each.
7 ROOMS and 2 kitchens; modern; sunny bay
windows: for 2 families. 417% Third st.
$11— SUNNY bay-window flat of 4 rooms. 110
Valparaiso st.
$12 UPPER flat, 5 rooms and bath: cars pass
the door; all in perfect order. 3905 Twenty-
* fourth st.
$16— UPPER flat. 6 rooms and bath; all sunny.
220 Thirteenth St., near Howard.
$16—124 HENRY; sunny 6-room upper flat; bath;
water free; stall for horse.
NICE sunny flat; 7 large rooms and bath;
nice basement; view all over the city. SW.
cor. Jones and Broadway.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
ELLIS. 1312— Two new modern flats: 3 and 10
rooms and bath; front two streets; sun all
day; newly and handsomely furnished. Apply
10 to 12.
'- I f
FLATS WAXTED.
FLATS WANTED.
WANTED— S to 7 room furnished flat or cot-
tage; state location and rent Box 2974. Call.
FURNITURE] FOR SALE.
HEAVY matting, 10c par yard; linen warp, 15c;
tapestry Brussels carpet sewed, laid and lined,
We per yard. EASTERN OUTFITTING CO.,
1310-1312 Stockton st., nr. Broadway.
NEW furniture of 5-room flat, very cheap, aa
whole or part. Apply 230 A Seventh st.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays
the highest price for your id-hand furniture.
WANTED— SSOOO carpets, furniture, etc. ; highest
price paid: postal. M. Sllversteln.ll2l Market
rntUIKRS, FURS, ETC
FURRIERS, FURS. ETC
ELECTRIC seal capes, Astrakan yokes, $10 to
$30. ROBT. WALLACE. 115 Kearny, top floor.
HELP "WANTED AGENTS.
WANTED— Live, hustling agenta, male and fe-
male, every town, to sell new and greatest
staple family necessity and money-maker on
coast; "once used always used" by every
man, woman and child; sells at sight. Ad-
dress, with stamp. General Agent, 955 Jeffer-
son st, Oakland, Cal.
REPRESENTATIVE Masons to solicit sub-
scription for the American Tyler, only Ma-
sonic Journal of general circulation In the
U. S. Address with references, box 603, De-
troit. Mich. .
WE pay good agents $20 to $30 weekly commis-
sions; write for particulars. Brilliant Gas
Lamp Co., 46 Clark st, Chicago.
AGENTS everywhere to sell map of the battle-
fields In the Philippines; 46x64 Inches ln (
colors, showing all the movements of Eighth
Army Corps. Write for particulars to P. E.
LAMAR. 21 First St.. San Francisco.
$75 MONTH, salary, expanses; Ideal employ-
ment men and women appointing agents; our
general agents act as employers. MANAGER,
drawer 26. New Haven, Conn.
AGENTS wanted for Eastern specialties; call
after 4 p. m. P. C. M. A., 76 Flood bldg.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
GERMAN cook and laundress, $35; a German
cook, $30; a cock, boarding house, country,
$15: housework, Los Gatos, $20, 2 in family;
Martinez, $20; Stockton, $25; Oakland, $25;
Mill Valley, $20; Berkeley, $20; and several
other towns; 20 housework girls, city, $25 and
$20; a number of young girls to assist. $10 to
$15. MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter St.;
phone Main 651.
NEAT girl for housework; 4 ln family; $15.
MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st.
CHAMBEBMAID and waitress; Antioch; $22.
MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter at
HOUSEWORK girl; Presidio; $25; see lady
here Monday. MISS H. CULLINAN. 823 Sut-
ter st. ':'■■■'*.*' :
Nl l SB; 1 child; $20. MISS H. CULLINAN,
NURSE; 1 child; $20. MISS 11. CULLINAnT
323 Sutter St.
HOUSEWORK; Santa Cruz; 3 in family: $20;
see lady here. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
PARLOR maid and waitress; $25. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
TWO chambermaids; $6 per week and room.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO. 'PHONE GRANT 185.
EMPLOYMENT AGENT, wants 2 waitresses
for Gait, 2 for Stockton, 2 for Jamestown, 2
for Carson. 2 for city, 1 for Fresno, 1 Calis-
toga, $20 and $25 and free fare; 2 middle-aged
women, one to cook, one to wait and do
ehamberwork, small hotel in the mountains,
$25 and $20, free fare; 2 laundresses, hotels
near city, $20 each and fare; fancy ironers,
$25 and found an.l free fare.
FAMILY ORDERS
German second girl, $25; German nurse, $20;
young German girl as lady's maid, $10; 40
girls for choice housework places, city and
country. $25 and $20: woman with a child for
a ranch, $10. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st.
WANTED— lnfant nurse, $25; assistant nurse,
Institution, $20; 3 parlor maids and waitress,
$25: cook and second girl, same place. $35;
7 second girls, $20, $25; cook, across the bay,
$30; 4 cooks, $30 and $35; French nurse, $20;
2 French second girls, $20; Ironer, country,
$25; housework for Menlo Park, 2 In family,
$23: 4 chambermaids and waitress, $15, $20; 6
rest, waitresses, $6 week and $20; a number
of girls for cooking and housework, $20 and
$25. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
GIRL to do general housework ln small family.
Apply Monday, between $ and 12 a. m., at
1965 Green st.
WANTED— A young girl to assist tn housework
in a small family. 2829 Bush st.
WANTED— Salesladies for retail crockery bus-
mess; wages $5 per week; give reference and
experience.. Box 2883, Call offico.
EXPERIENCED trimmer wanted; none but
first class need apply. Box 236, Call offlce.
WANTED— Neat. reliable girl for general
housework and cooking: American family of
four; $15 to $20.' 314 Waller st ■
A Canvassers for an actuality of the
highest Interest; liberal condition. Call or
write MARS, 519 Golden Gate aye.
WANTED— girl. Apply 121 Post st,
room 43.
WANTED— GirI for light housework; family
of 3. 817 Capp street.
GLOVEMAKERS on driving gloves; steady;
best prices. CARSON GLOVE CO., 35 Mar-
ket street *
FINISHERS on white goods; good wages;
steady work. BAUER BROS. & CO.. 21 San-
some street
GOOD talloress on custom vests. 509 Stockton
street.
WANTED— lady demonstrator for
novelty: good salary; permanent position. Call
between 9 and 10. 530 Sutter St.
MAKE $100 per mo. representing us; particulara
10c. Address CERTUS CO.. San Francisco.
GIRL to do light housework and mind child;
age from 13 to 17. Apply 106 Hayes St.
YOUNG girl for housework. Apply 1661 Post
street.
FIRST-CLASS chambermaid for family hotel;
sleep at home. 1222 Pine st.
FINISHERS on ladles' tailor-made suits; flrst-
class only; call to-day. S. KRAMER, 220
Powell st. Zr;yyy_ 'Zy22y.XX -
GOOD finisher on ready-made coats; female
322 Paciflc st
WANT Ladies desiring to make money for
the holidays. Apply 472% Thirteenth. Oakland.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to assist in Tight
housework: wages small. Call after 12
o'clock. 20 Eleventh St. X^i-ZZ
WANTED— Chocolate dipper; Immediately
Apply at 1317 Broderick St.. near Sutter.
GIRL wanted to -learn* dressmaking and hem
housework. 1008 Mission, st.
STRONG woman; light housework for twe
ladles: -wages $10; Protestant Box 2973, Call.
NEAT German girl; assist light housework
and children. 529 Greenwich st.
18 STENOGRAPHIC positions at Ayres' Busi-
ness College In last two weeks.
: . HELP WANTED—
MCDOWELL'S DRESSMAKING SCHOOL
takes the lead; our well-known system of
dress cutting holds highest award from
World's Fair and gold medal from Midwin-
ter Exposition; everything in the line of
practical and artistic dressmaking taught;
Imported patterns a specialty; also cutting
and fitting princess Jackets and plaid skirts;
positions free. McDOWELL. 103 Post st.
WANTED— A good laundress to take washing
home. Call on November L between 4 and $
p. m., at 1513 Clay st
WANTED— Good finisher on pants; steady
work; good wages; only good help need apply.
619 Sixteenth st., Oakland.
WANTED— First-class alteration hands at E.
MESSAGER'S cloak store, 143 Post st.
EXPERIENCED hands on ladles' underskirts;
work In factory or at home. 679 Mission st.
WANTED— German girl for upstairs work ani
to assist with children. Apply mornings, 1004
Paru st., Alameda, • Morton station.
WANTED— Apprentice for milliners at MME.
A. GRAESSLER'S, 127 Taylor st.
APPRENTICES on shirts and overalls; paid
while learning. Standard Shirt Factory,
Gough and Grove sts.
WANTED— First-class waist finisher, cloak-
makers and skirt finishers. Only first-class
hands need apply at 1200 Geary st., from 7:30
p. m.
GIRLS of about 16 years of age to rivet over-
alls In LEVI STRAUSS' factory, 32ft Fre-
mont st.
WANTED— ladles who want to make $12 a
week. Call 114 Jones st.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School gives a
thorough, artistic course. 103 Post st.
- . . ■ I
HELP WANTED—
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN 684$
Leading Employment and Labor Agents
want to-day, from 7 a. m., help for British
Columbia, Arizona, Oregon, Washington, Ha-
waiian Islands, Utah and all parts of Cali-
fornia. MURRAY & READY, 034-636 Clay St.
12 CARPENTERS
Long Job .. FREE FARE .. $2 50 and $3 day
house work
17 CARPENTERS
$2 75 to $3 day, North; 9 months" Job; corpor-
ation Job
9 CARPENTERS
$50 and found; steady Job, North Lumber Co.
CARPENTERS MURRAY & READY,
CALL EARLY.. 634-636 Clay St.
6 GOLD MINES
- 22 Miners, single and double $75
12 Miners, machine drills -.••-:; $.8
64 Laborers (no experience required); any-
body will suit— you will; wages $57 per
month with board and lodging.
7 SILVER MINES ...
12 Single hand drillers -..$6O
19 Laborers, you will suit _li""_,"f__\ *:
17 Laborers, you will suit $37 and found
' 19 OTHER MINES
164 Laborers, no experience required; wages
from $57, $45, $90, $40, $35 and f0und............
COME SEE.. I....... MURRAY & READY,
CROWDS GOING 634-636 Clay st.
WE SHIP YOU FREE .... RAILROAD WORK
LABORERS AND TEAMSTERS, $2 DAY.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 CLAY ST.
WE PAY YOUR FARES
to 38 sawmills, etc «
no experience wanted •
197 men for 60 different Jobs
from laborers to run machines
, wages from $26 to $40 and found
also lumber pliers, crosscut sawyers.....
...tree fellers, bark peelers, Jackscrewers...
woodsmen and millmen of every description,
$80. $75, $65, $50, $45, $40, $30 and found; wood-
choppers, tiemakers, shingle bolt makers.
picket makers, etc., by the hundreds
We pay MURRAY & READY.
Your fares 634 and 636 Clay at.
FARMS— DAIRIES. ...aIso MEN AND WIVES
64 farmhands $30, $26, $25, $20 and found
For orchards, vineyards, farms, etc
19 plow teamsters $30 and $26 and found
6 milkers, good Jobs $30 and $25 and found
18 choremen and boys for farms
„_, $25, $20, $15 and found
I milkers and wives, 2 farmers and wives, $40
MI 'P.RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
3.... 1N51DE WORK.... LARGE COMPANY
12 laborers, no experience required, $2 to $2 78
day, 10 hours' work daily, 5 months' job.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay at.
BLACKSMITHS— MILLWRIGHT .%...
HARNESSMAKERS WHEELWRIGHT,
TINNERS 2 harnessmakers for ranches....
30 cents fare, $30 and found
Wheelwright, country shop $: 50 day
6 blacksmiths $60, $40, $30 and found
Millwright, lumber company Boss here
6 tinners free fare, good Job and wagea
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
*.. LOOK HERE
Upholsterers, $2 50 day Can solderer
Granite cutters, $3 day.... Bench hand, $3 day.
Stonemasons, $3 50 day..Blockmakers, $2 50.
Slatesplitters, $2 50 day...lronmolders, wood-
turner and sash and door maker $3 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
GOOD WAGES GOOD PLACES.
14 laborers, fare 70c $2 to $2 75 day.
12 laborers, fare EOc, 12 miles $52
7 laborers. Northern California $63
12 4-horse teamsters, fare $130 $60
18 teamsters fare 50c, $2 and $2 25 day.
6 laborers, Supervisors' work, fare $1 50.. 52 25
16 laborers, fare 35 cents $34 and found.
96 laborers for all parts of California $2 75,
$2 60, $2 day; some city Jobs; COME SEE.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT BAKERS.
Cook, $65; second cook, $35; city restaurant...
Cook and wife, country hotel kitchen $50
14 cooks $65, $50, $40, $35, $30 and found.
6 waiters $30. $25. $20 and found.
12 dishwashers $25, $20, $15 and found.
4 porters, also vegetableman for mines....
$30 and found.
3 assistant bakers $25, $20 and found.
Baker; confectioner: second baker for mines;
cook and wife, delicacy store, city $70
Barber, $50: boys for Institutions, etc
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
FREE FARE. ...COAST ROAD NO FEE
Laborers and teamsters; ship Tuesday. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
HEAD cook, $65; second cook, $60; third cook,
$50; third cook, springs, $30, fare advanced;
3 cooks, restaurants, $S, $10 and $12 week;
6 waiters, $26 and $30; houseman, $25; i
kitchen hands, dishwashers, etc.. $20, $26 and
$30. C. R. HANSEN St CO.. 104 Geary at.
STONEMASONS for the Coast Railroad. $3 50
day, free fare; laborers and teamsters for
the Valley road, $2 day, free fare: laborera
for Southern Pacific to work Madera, $1 75
day, free fare; machine men and miners, $2 50
day: carmen. $2 day; woodsmen, $26 to $35
and board; rough carpenters, $1 50 day and
board; 2 harness makers, $30 to $35 and
board; farmers, milkers and choremen, $20,
$25 and $26. C. R. HANSEN - CO., 104 Geary.
MAN and wife to take charge of ranch, $35.
MISS CULLEN. 326 Sutter St.
DOCTOR to look after good paying practice;
owner going abroad. 576 Sutter st.
WANTED— Several young men; business propo-
sition;, good wages. Room 81, 916 Market st.
WANTED— First-class coat and pants makers.
Apply C. W. R. FORD & CO., 116 Sutter st.
WANTED— Bright, active young man to solicit
for good printing house. Box 2975, Call.
WANTED— Competent man to sell Bernd'a
physicians' account book; 12th edition: large
field; liberal compensation. Address HENRY
BERND & CO.. P. O. box 336, St. Louis.
WANTED— assistant engineer. Call bet. t
nnd 4 p. m.. at Golden West Hotel.
WANTED Stonecutters, planer men and stone
sawyer. Colusa Stone Co.. 206 Kearny st.
WANTED— Offlce boy; wages $3 per week;
hours 7to 6; give reference. Box 2SSI, Call.
WANTED— A boy to learn hardware and Im-
plement business; wages to commence $15 per
month; give age and references. Address box
2SBO. Call.
WANTED — Dry goods window dresser for
Interior city. Call at D. Fletcher Drug
Store, corner Van Ness and Geary st., to-day,
between 10 and 12.
WANTED— First-class general tailor for the
country. J. BAUMGARTEN & CO.. 7 Mont-
gomery st. -.*:
WANTED— An errand boy; apply by letter;
give age. Box &<«, Call.
WANTED— Canvassers for an actuality of the
highest interest: liberal conditions. Call or
' write MARS. 519 Van Ness aye.
GOVERNMENT positions— Don't prepare for
civil service or census examination without
our catalogue of Information; free. Colum-
bian Correspondence College, Washington,
MEN and women everywhere to look after spe-
cial work; advancement after 26 days; salary
and commission; permanent. Address Dept.
Xl, The Werner Company. Akron, Ohio.
WANTED— cook. U. S. Hotel, 123 Eddy
street. . y..-*y-?,: ;--*•.
TWO good tailors on ladies' Jackets; steady
work and good wages to right men; call to-
day (Sunday), from 9 to 12 a. m. A. KAHN,
142 Geary at.
BOY inted In dentist's offlce. Apply 123*
Market St., room 16, Sunday, at 10 a. m.
EXPERIENCED advertising solicitor; perma-
nent position. 408 California st., room 1.
% ~ ~ ZZZZT '
DISHWASHER wanted. 432% Fifth st.
DISHWASHER wanted. 432<4 Fif*
60 laborers, drillers, teamsters for Sierra road;
free fare. FIELD'S Emp. offlce. 655 Clay st.
CAKE baker's helper: call early. F urth st.
CUTTER for ladles' muslin underwear to work
evenings. BAUER BROS. CO.. 21 Sansome.
WANTED— to take seat room. 808
Montgomery st., 3d floor, room I; convenient
place.HELP WANTED — MALE. J
WANTEU-Ooed saloon porter at 33 East at.; j
£ wagea :stt.-*A y I
COATMAKERS wanted; steady work by the'
; i steady work by th*
week. F.elnse-, St Hnrrls Co.. Inc.. mi Market.
YOUNG man or boy '" printing. Call 7 to j
6 o'clock, 1121' Mission *t.
GOOD coatmaker* to work loslde by th* day '
or piec-M steely wnrk and good pay. Apply i
713 Market ti
WANTED— Goed rtish-erashcr. 25 Taylor at
WANTED-r-S.tock c!prk for crockery, glassware j
and household eoods; state -*.-■-•■: refer-
e«ice and salary r-'qillred. Pcx 2ts* Call office.
WANTED- Tailors. Cal,! Monday at SJS2 Mis- |
sion si.. hetTvo-n - uteenth and Eighteenth. '
WANTIJI"**-— Cook at th* Part Hotel. 1830
i Hal-gist st.
WANTED— An experienced clothing salesman
enced clothing salesman
(pr countryi state age* reference and salary
expected. Box :"-T7, Ca.ll.
WANTI-.-D -An exp«rier.e^d drapery and curtain
s-alosman: *t**it* age. reference and salary ex-
nected. Box S.lO. Call.
w iNTED— A waiter -■ 111 Taylor st. Call
'iii riy- ready *tfl work.
■ r.
NIGHT ecok. 207 Third *t.
WANTED— Young man to - ... - __._ -' best
'of reference* recording honiwty required. Ap-
ply to-e-fay 32eX> Fillmor* »t.
WANTEP-Oeod tin and sheet iron workers.
Apply POWER & PIKE, 17 Drumm *t.
BARBERS' Prear**ff. *■ Union: fr.->e employ-
r-..T*-. H. r»rr.ard. fire 104 7th: tel Je«*l* 152
WANTED— A cornice maJfr: nothing but «
Q-rl -class. sc,t,er worker -•- 1 1. ply Address
L.! 11: JORDAN. ■---.• Sacramento.
UIO PAIRS n-en's shoes, (iightl) ds.maged. hair
price, pit-2 Mission St.. b«t. 'st and 2d «t*. •
WAJ-hPED— Fl rst-class wood turners. CARL F.
HAA?. U7 Mission »♦.
WANT r".P-Flrst class *,-,-.. cook: privilege
of attending school. ■( r*B* box 2M7, Call.
ONE rc.ar.r-r and one distributor wanted at U.
T. Laundry, Sixteenth and Valencia sta.
WANTED— Goners l blacksmith and horseshoer.
Appiy 22 Cortiard avr.
- borne In the
W/vN'TED— Plaining to visit every' heme ln the
*u*,n-ns --• ...... America, presenting
nic rneri's of our magazine, we will require i
tlte f "rv iocs of intelilnant persons to show
■pimples; lifers! eernj-»»rif!*tion and 53 special
awards amounting to $1000 will be*s given: write j
icr particulars .-eT-i.'.ing 2 refer*r.cf*. SET-F-
- MAGAZINE, Akron, O.
WANTED— Experienced men 'or brick yard. '
South San Franrisco, San Mateo. County.
WANTED— 2 men with bus:n<*s ability for of- ;
fie* position. '472 V**, Thirteenth *t.. Oakland.
V. VHPEP.S— Good 2-ch.iir shop fn country 'or
sale DECKELMAN BROS.. 10* Ellis st.
nAßßfrt: young man: easy work; IS week.
c mai -• -1 ' reek, i
Address E. D. P. Petaluma. P. O. box 507. j
DARBERS-e'-Wanted to buy. half or whole In- i
terest In t-'iod pavictr 'hop; '-e-.ur.try pre- '
rsrred. Box 577. On!! branch. Oakland.
GJ"T your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25e '■
■ta iVic. E62 Mission st., t-et. Ist and 2d st*.
V> .JNTEP-KO rr.rn io tr) our I-V: breakfast,
dinner ot -upper; best in city. d■: McAllister
*t.. nea.- Folk.
A — YOUNG men to join Ayres' Business Col-
rea Business Col
lege; have more position* than we can fill.
r'EN SION pIIjTII SHEPARrT I attor-
neys, Hearst bldg., Third and Market.
W -iNTED— SI- irtma ker lit SCHIMMEL &
STOVER'S. 4CS Sutter St.
t-'TI'S to or.ler oti Installments at cash prices,
'Fi week N. Y. TAILORING CO.. lis Kearny.
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only ]esaj
organized un!i;n on th» coast. .1. J. HEINZ.
Employment Secy.. fi3-i Market, downstairs.
, — pf--. — - — , — , ■ — ,
WANTED— Lat-rers and mechanics to know
know
Ojt Ed F.oikin, Rpi-.o Hour* proprietor, still
runs Pepver House. 217 Third rty. i:n large
rocms; Zlfi rer. nicht: $1 to $2 per w*"k.
2.IEN te It-am barter trade; only I week* re-
eulrM; -constant practice: expert Instruction:
lecture en dermatology; Saturday waires
call cr writ* for frea Illustrated catalogue.
MOLRR'S BARTER OOLT.TZOE. 633 Clay it
H.MLORS amd ordinary mlrim for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S.TSS Steuart st.
•vc SINGLE furnished room*. **- 15c -rd 25e
per n!;ht. I.lndell. Oh .•'nd ward read rm.
TKT A-m» How'se. •'- Market St.. below Sixth.
frr a r'-rn: ;*-- a ntrbt: $1 - *••«.-
WINCRFSTER IPte!. 41 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 7n-l rcotne. Ise ntcht: readier room: frea
'bus sis* bagiia** to and- from the ferry.
MEN iM women wanted to learn barber trad*
(n f. weeks; expect Instructions: Saturday
TCS»n« rail or .-.--- -. • lomie. S. v.
'IAIVrF-er POLTiEOJB. -.- » !■• jwaH at.
J2. pr.AV.~H efhc* for Call advertisement* aad
n* bre rip; ii".* bas been established at the
c-.-r,er .*rf Twenty-second and Ken-
njrky sts ' '- till 8 p. — •
A'vBF.ANCH for Call advertisements and
, : . ri -• has been established at IC!*G Va-
let •". »t.
X WE»K'P_r.er-s for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
Tb' Weekly Call,
'5 - ,i r< •= i n wrapper, for — lalliri**. " per year.
■ '■*... .. .!_','. - . '- -'-H
HORSES.; LIVE STOCK. Etc — Fnr Sale
I ' ■■ r«)« W. i'.tr — Pnr Snle
3 POX. out for the ble ea'.e of horses direct
- . tha oountry at Ormonde -- « Stable.
.'IT Mission st.. Tuesday, 11 o'clock. S.
WATKINS, Auctioneer.
«*', HORSES fcr tale; also wagons, bugcle*.
cait* hame*a. Grand tread* Horae Market.
?27 Sixth st.; auctlcn sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Au-tloreers.
ID HSCAi ' tine dr»tt and driving horses at 1621
nort 162S Market *t., between Twelfth and
Prady; also scrr.e fine mat-hed black teams.
POR siie— a r.r,p-.b*r of work, road and bu*l-
sefp hors-JS. Temklr.son's Livery Stable. »7
Minna st.. bet F'rst nrd Second.
pop. SALE-Oheap: sorrel Stanford mare; i
>»nrs oM. 700 s*n Jose aye.
FOR SALE— A handsome driving mare. Ap-
ply at 27f»'i Twentieth st.
•* " San Bruno
VOR SALE— Freeh cow, at 1137 San Bruno
aye,; must be sold to-day. . I
. genl family cow. 1742
•TOR «r!e— A, young gentle family cow. 1743
■ We <=t between Thirtieth -id Thirty-flret. _ ,
i _ - ■ utEr^rt^*
HOUSES — LODGING — FOR SALE.
H C. EF.CKLR.
OFFICE lOM MARKET ST.. OPPOSITE STH.
-- RT OPPOSITE "TH- ,
OVER COLUMBIA SUIT & CLOAK HOUSE- :
21-room h»ur»; fTM cash '"
1* rcomt; clears $103 650
■w room:: .--- I'O; rent *M 500
■>4 r,*>oms: or. Third st. ; clear* $100 550 •:
ft room?: op Mission st 300
■■I rooms; corner; clears 1200 1200-
- rofmr: 'transient); clears t.' 1300
H rooms; on Market st.; rent $75 iwo
60»room hotel and bar :... 5000
115 rooms: best in the city 5000
10-ro6m boarding-house 3200 j
.",0 ' oihers. E to 200 rooms, from $100 to $10,000. j
MONEY TO EOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
R H.""wTNSTON ft; CO.. 102S MARKET ST.
— QVER WONDER MILLINERY STORE —
3 4 rooms: $400 cash. ba $10 month $600
J.l rooms; will yell at auction about price
a?ke-d for house: elegant 170*
?.l rooms; facing 3 streets; only I*jo
.'0 rocms; eornor: rent $*0 1355
i 3 rooms- new sunny corner I*°*
MONEY TO I.' lAN AT 2 PER PENT
Tde for i,„lrlng ;
WE HAVE 2 cottages to trade for lodging
houses. We have fine house* for sal*.
SCRWEINHARD & CO., 1007% Market St.,
m-ar Sixth.
FOR sale or exchanc*--Hoi:se of 13 rooms for
- *. ' • ■ of IR ri "ms for ;
large 'house.*- Inquire oa!1 Office. !
>r-house see
I'A P.TY wifhimr to sell lodglnc-house see
BASILE, 3 Eddy St.; new cash buyer daily.
pop F;.ot cash-^-11-room house: a snap; no
agents. T. P. CHOPE. inr. Mission st.
POURTH, »"3— A 20-room house well furnished;
good paying house; good location. •
$183— ELEVEN roonis: tood furniture: $19 rent;
no atents. 346 Third st. yV.
•• nlcelj- furnished:
i^-ROOM lodging house: nicely furnished: j
sunny corner. 704 Howard st., cor. Third.
HOUSES TO LET.
A~-/"it~INTED lift*, house, io let: *»nd for cJr- j
<olai 0 H UMBSKN i iO, 14 Montgomery. *
A M SPEOK & CO.. 637 Market et.
' HCIUSE3. i FLATS
19U oiay.- 12 - I"" .414 Tin* «*-. J r..532 $0
SIT Br.i'derlek. ■> r. $« 1*25 Tine, « r.....527 50 :
1012 Cearv 7 r. ...532 50,1385 Howard, 6 r $21
'-,2i Cedar aye.. 5 r..fln l{il, Gean'. I r JM
NEW- 6 -room house— Greenwich *t., near Bu- |
' rhanan:" Fillmore or Unlon-at. cars, »--
rental terms. THE MCCARTHY CO., 646 ;
Market ft. :_ ; !
i.r'HPv I H use. 3 rooma; rent
PERRY 202. noar Fourth— House. 3 rooms; rent
$7; water free.) Apply , MBSEN ft ■'" i
rVILLOW aye., 771— House of 5 rooms and sta-
ble: good condition.
______
•,-. le,.!t-ing-b*,*.:se, 312^
REDUCED to fill— ft-room lodging-house; 313v4
O'Farrell rt. Apply at 15 Grant •>*.**•
■ :.ade ea«> v.-!t!> the print*, l
HOUSE huntlna mad* easy witty th* printed
list you *et from BALDWIN & HOWELL. ,
Id Montgomery st-
12— HOUSE of 4 room*; grand view; to a -small
family only. 425 Fremont st., near Harrison.
KOCSES TO l.r'i —II RMMir.I),
- IMn7sE<r TO LET — FI'R.MSUKD. ;
.VEHSTEK., 1360— A complete and hand*cmely S
rurnished 2-story house; 7 room*, hath.
.. ■
HOI BES U ANTED.
UOI SES AVANTED.
'■T'RNISHEJ) bouse to rent; near business
cente*; r uitable for roomer*; mar buy later.
»«n.« box 2571. * Call- eflice. -
HYPNOTISM."
DR. EDWARD FISCHER, renowned hypnotist
and clairvoyant; teaches the art. 142 Sixth.
lost ami roiVb.
LOST AND roCND.
LOST— Octcber 24, . Market it.?? bet' Church
and Valencia, a telescope satchel containing ;
baby* outfit and lady's purs*. Reward at ,
Ml Church *t.
LOST— Puree, from Clinton Park toward La- '
runa and Waller, containing money and two •
keys. Rsturn keys »3<i Clinton Park; reward. i
LOST— Red leather pocket-book contlnlng Ex-
aminer receipts. Return to ALFRED OHOSS, ,
care "Guide ' 532 Commercial, re «va reward |
j LOST— At TjToli Opera-house, parse containing i
j money and paper*. Finder can keep money ;
by returning pure* to Call offiCo. j
| LOST— Odd locket, engraved Initials "J. W.
E." Return to 4063 Nineteenth^ st |
I LOST— St. Bernard bitch; orange color. Re- |
ward at 3313 Clay .->•- I
J^ REWARD Loot .-onfalnlngj pay- i
$5 REWARD— Lost, bill book, eotjtaJntng j pay-
ma*rt°r'i checks; no value to flnder. Return c
(0 W. if.. Call F»*.:sene.F Office.
LOST— Satchel, pocketbiok attached, contain- .
ing letter*. NELLIGAN. 34Vi Kisllng at.;;
reward. _^ -_—
MEDICAL.
MRS "dr. WYETH. ladles' physician; consul- |
tation free, home In confinement: guaranteed
treatment at effl'*. 15 <-<2 T"*l st, between i
Hrde and I^rkln: hours. 10 to 5. 7 to 3. |
A STRICTLY rate *'nflnement horae: sunny |
roem* b**t cf ear*; nice garden. DR. AND :
MRS WEGKNISH. phone Pin* Hal; residence. i
131$ Golden Gate ■>*
' DR POPPER ladles' practical phyelclan for ■
37 year*; fall on physician with man* knowl- ;
edge: $?. Sif Kearny st ; consultation free.
MRS PR. KOHL, ladles- physician, 1122 Mar- !
hot st bet Mseon and Taylor; guaranteed !
treatment *• office, $5; hour* > a.m. to » p.m.
: -.ft* GOODWIN formerly of 491 Tar, N*s» aye.
and 1163 Mark*t St.. ha* returned from Eu-
rop* and *.» now at US Eddy st.
MRS. PR- GWYER, ladle*' physician. 511 .
Edfly«t., bet. Hyde ami I*rVln.
'■ DjJ" G. W. DON NELL, th* world-renowned
[ , « ies «peeiallst, I0»H Market st.
; HOME tn confinement- treatment ♦'.; ccmsulta-
tion tret. MR*. ALLEN, 221 Van Ness aye.
MRS. DR. DA VIES, ladle*' physician. ISM
Market *t , bet. Taylor and .for.**.
; DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor. tre*ta all. dis- !
ease* of 'he human body ■'' Mason «t.
■ '•■• ■ ' ' -' * - ■— -"-"**»
HI9CELLA*KOVS~-FOR SALE.
MISCELLANEOL'S-e-FOR SALE.
SOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
, INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 185-197 Fremont St. j
BARS, back bars, mirror*, showcase*, coun- j
ters, linoleum, c.fii.-o furniture, store and of- i
fice furniture ami futures: new and *econd-
band. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1022 Mis- I
*lon st.. - 1 --, « Sixth. j
BARS, counter*, *howca*»*. shelving, mirrors, j
bought, sold and exchanged. \';*:i >li=«|on st. '
A RARE chanre* — On account of being over-
stocked In unredeemed pledgee, uNCLE
HARRIS, l! Gran aye., will for 3 day* sell
ladles' and gent's ■■-'*. watches, soil re and ;
. cluster diamond rings, solitaire diamond
screw earring*, diamond Ir.ee pins, *■--"'. sil-
ver spoons and forks, for amount loaned and
1 month's interest; worth double the price.
BEAUTIFULLY tucked black satin waist;
bust 36; tight fitting; cost $15: entirely new;
made to order, great reduction. Box 293, Call.
SOLID gold hunting-case watch: stem winder;
gold chain and locket; bargain. H. M., 15S
Seventh «t.
BUYS, sells., rents gear machinery, boilers,
water pipe; new, 2d hand. Whltelaw.2l6 Spear.
! OAS engine, bar.d saw. saw table, bus planer.
shafting, pulleys. Call Branch, 1941 Mission.
COMPLETE kindergarten outfit for sale cheap.
Address *■-: Green st. . |
25-FOOT sloop; $70. Apply at 1503 Dolores
I atreet.
$15— DOMESTIC f=ewir,«: machine; good order; |
! attachments complete. 1515 Mission, nr. Istb
: SAFES and second for bank*, merchants,
steamer*. re*:d»nce«: portable Safety boxes;
speci* chests: bullion safe*, vauits. etc. The
Walt** Safe Co., 103-111 Market at., S. F.. Cal.
FRESH snowball* -'T. Carr" and all brands
English fire brick, fire clay, brick dust 6- H-
CHURCH, >7 Sana i* «.. tel. Main 6083.
t HOISTING engine*. * .-.,--»-..- locomotives,
S HOISTING- englnee, J steamers, 5 locomotive*,
110 car* and all machinery used op Eureka
Breakwater. .1. R. JARDINE, 22" Fremont.
A Vft DERBY and Feeiora hats. $1 75. pop-
ular Price Hatters. 33fl Kearny »t.. near Pine.
DESKS, offlce and card tables; desks repaired
or exchanged; furn. bought 244 Stockton st.
DR CftEELT'S C. P. Worm Pill* by all drug-
giets. or Dog Hospital. 310 Solden Gate aye.
SAFES— '■"•' and second-hand. ' THE HER- I
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento «t.
DRESS nant*. $2 75; flne suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 313 Montgomery *t.
BARS, counters, -shelving, showcase* bought an-l
sold. EI REN. 1113 Mission: Tel. Jessie 11«.
ZD-HAND doors, lumber. *a*h. etc.. for »a!e
cheap; old houses bought, rem'd. * Valencia. I
DO you know of tools or machinery tor >*''■"
EPSTEIN. 848 Ml'-ion, paya good commission.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies.
holler* and engine*. H. P. White. M 6 Mi«*lon.
Re-,;7.FP.s enrlnes. lathes, word planer*. 12 and
21 in.: ,-3. en*;.. '.'*"*" .1. ' ;*":" n**- R-ale
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
HIGHEST price paid for Old feather beds and
pillows; send nostal. CHAS. LEWIS. 611
Union st.
WANTED— National cash register In good con-
WANTED Natl nal caah register in good con-
dition; cheap frr cash Box 581, Call offlce.
OAT-*' 'I. INF. schooner: Btate BiM and terms. J.
C. H.. Call office. Alameda.
WANTED— Gasoline engine; 1 to 8 horse-
power Box Ml, Call offlce.
WANTED- -Two-stamp mill. 137 p.-alo »t.
V, ANTED hire inn flrst-claes scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long job. E. B.
STONE, Elmhurst^ \
OLD gold, gold dust, platinum and sliver j
bought H. Lar-leeker * Cn.. m M-.ntrcmerv i
■■■—..' 1 ' _!_...■ ' ———————
MONEY TO LOAN.
any amount on furniture, piano*, without re-
moval or any other good security: payable
back in Installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will |
par it and carry the loan as long as you de- :
ilr»: aveid red 'ape nnd p'jbllclty; .see v* flr**t:
-■- will be waited upon quietly apd quickly.
Call 68-63 D noho* Mdg. 11?*) Market st. _
ANT proposition: r.ny amount; « per cent* first,
record mortgage*, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, life Insurance; chattel
mortgage*: confidential; advice free. 0. E.
OLSEN. room 16, first floor. Chronicle bldgv
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rat**, without
removal; no commission: no delays. 3.
NOONAN. 1017 i"- 1023 Mission at., above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
avoid delays: try all ether*, then see me; $50 to
$100,000; 6 per cent; Ist, 2d or chattel mort-
gage: estatra In probate, undivided interests In
rst*t«s. legacies and mortgagea ' ught: advice
and money furnlrhed. P. A. Dolan, 636 Markt.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
eir'* at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. i^ Market st.; telephone Main 1644;
branch 19 Third rt .
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Coneervntory bldg.. 120 Powell st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out Indorser; *!*o on diamonds, watches and
Jewelry. MORRELL. 603 Examiner building.
ON real estate, lst or 2d mortgages, and on
ON real estate, lst or 2d mortgages, and on
furniture or plan.--?, no removal; any amount;
lowest rale*. BECKER, 26 Montgomery st.
ALL propositions, -fmall or large; salaries;
rent*. KLOTH. 220 California at., room 7.
A RELIABLE place to borrow money on dia- I
monds, jewelry. W. .1. HEBTHAL. 10 Sixth.
$50 TO. $50,000; lowest rate*: Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 41.1 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
MONEY loaned salaried people on *...elr note*
without lndor«er. TOUSLEY, 592 Parrott big.
IF your property Is mortcared and yon need
more money **• H. MURPHY, 630 Market »t.
CHEAPEST And best In America Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United State*, postpaid, for D per year.
MDSICAL INSTRUMENT*.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A CARLOAD of new style Decker Pianos just
received; they are beauties; call and see
ll)W„ MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
IF you want bargains go to MAUVAIS', 763
Market st. ; they have lota of them.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest an.l largest hou**
••est of Chicago I* KOHLER * CHASE'S
16. 2$ and V: OFarreil st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grade*
and prices; term* easy; price* lowest; every-
thing possible done to plea** and satisfy th* <
customer. _ j
BARGAIN for to-day only: 1250 for a beautiful j
walnut Decker upright: good as new; owner c
leaves city to-night ar.d must have cash. In-
qire 1131 McAllister et. • '
KNABE pianos: new scale; new *tylea. KOH-
LER & CHAPE. M oTarre'l at.
24 NEW rlunos to rent; $3 per mo. SCOTT-
CURTAZ CO., 560 Hayes st J
THE SAN FR CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 29. 1899.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6 !
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi- ;
rat* and approve this method; prices are the ;
»ame as if purchased for all cash, bargain*
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy ;
payments and »ome good pianos fors3. 14 and
E per month. SHERMAN. CLAT ft CO.. I
fte'nwav dealer*, 'corner Kearny and Sutter
ft*.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland. _______
FORTY years In business here has placed u» ln
position to serve you hotter than most other*;
a fiae assortment of Haaelton and other I
plane* at lowest price*; a few used piano* at
great bargains: a Steinway upright. Hard- ;
man, -'has* Bros.. Arion. Dewing pros.
tpeolals for this week; squares from 12* up;
THE J. DEWING COMPANT. second floor, |
Flood building. Fourth and Market ets. :
FINE PTniNTVAr upright, left by private ]
■garty— sacrificed. Room 13, Flood building,
Fourth and Market rt*.
PIANOS at auction price, in storage cheap for :
cash WILSON'S Storage, 1710 Market st.
GOOD upright piano, nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNG. 216 McAllister *t. |
A— UPRIGHTS. $«9 up: Installment*. $5 75 ap:
r»nt*. 12 up fallowed on sale). Heine IM Ellf*.
W. G. BADGER. 41! Sacramento et.. agent for
Franel* Bacon and Haliett ft Davis pianos. |
LARGE church organ used at Mechanics' Fair.
a bargain BYRON MAUZT. 30$ Post at.
BARGAIN— Good upright; cheap. POHMITZ, 18 ;
McAllister *t.. next Hlbernla Bank. '
SOHMRR. Byron Mauzy and ether pianos. 308
Post *t.
SUPERIOR violin*. *lther*. old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET. |
HABDIE place. «. off Kearny St.. b*t. Bush
and RuttiT- 1 floor. 4 room*, bath and store-
room; also one room, third floor; just reao-
v»te,l, clean: bright; sunny; cheap, nice for
family or email factories; see this, pleaee.
STORE— Twenty-third and Guerrero; 3 room*
and concrete cellar; good location for bakery.
HOWARD, I*o3. near 14th--Store with 2 show
windows and 2 living rooms; rent cheap.
STORE to let— Rent cheap. Apply grocery
store, corner Hayes and Laguna sts.
THIRD St.. 311. cor Park lane— Store and 3
rooms; rent $16; water free. i
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARdT~PUpII of Count St. Ger-
miln. 616 Geary St.. above Jones; classed;
oflW hours. 1 to 5 p. m.; reading by mall. $1.
rEHSONALS. *
WANTED— To form the acquaintance of re-
spectable American lady, age from 35 to 45 !
years; must be unincumbered, blonde and
Protestant; object matrimony. Address box •
2550, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED gentleman of good personal I
appearance would like to meet lady, one that i
can appreciate home In country; a kind and j
loving husband. Address box 25?2, Call office.
NICE looking young lady; musical; large Ib
erne; $10,000 In own name; would wed. DER-
OTHY. I*7 E. Forty-ninth st., Chicago.
AMIABLE, unincumbered, generous-heated *
lady with a fortune looks for happiness !
through husband and adviser. "Amiable,"' |
3126 Forest a\e., Chicago.
SAUSALITO— Come Monday, 2 p. m., talk
oyer details. ASYLUM, j
LEDERER'S Qulntonlca not only cleanses 'he
scalp, but beautifies the hair, gives a fin«
gloss. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st. J
GO to LEDERER and have your hair drossid j
a la modo for only "',•. Lederer restores ,;ray
hair to its natural oolor with Schefllor's Col-
oring 75c box. G. LKDFRKR. 123 Stockton.
MME. riSHER will give another of her sue- ]
cessful frre lectures on the complexion Thurs- :
day afternoon, Nov. 2. 2 to 5 o'clock, 13 Pow-
ell el.; ladles ail welcome.
GRANT avo., 209—19 large rooms suitable for
flrat-clasa lodging-house or will rent In tloors j
as factory. Apply on premises. 10 to 12 a. m. j
CORRESPONDENCE— Letters written for par-
ties unable to correspond. G. STREET. 123-3
Market at., room 134.
BLOOD poisoning, colored spots, mucous
patches in mouth, ulcers and sores; perma-
nent cure. Box 15, Universal Vltaline Co.,
11.-":n.cr.*l. Ind. j
HEALTHY German wetnurse wanted to travel.
DR. FUNKE, 1416 Eighth st.. Alameda. |
IDA HATCH. California's celebrated scientific
palmist and vice president of the Ohlrologlcal
College of Cailfornla, has arrived at the Russ I
II -,-■• fe.r -x few days; delineation of character
fully analyzed and lines carefully translated: |
children a specialty; be wise; know thyself; I
know thy children; appointments for the poor
and unfortunate frre from 9 to 9 a, m., when
the time will be open to the public: make ap- :
pointments early, as time will be limited; oral ,
reading* 12. written $5.
RAO carpets wove to order and for sale; also (
chenille-wove rugs sllk portiere*; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rate*. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth, Oakland, j
ELEGANT remnant* for suits. $10 75; pants, j
J* 75, or overcoats, 111 50; made to order;
samples sent to interior. One Price Tailoring
Co.'. 1644 Market St., st. Nicholas Hotel. !
SUITS to order on easy installments. L. :
LEMOS, 1117 Market st.. bet 7th and Sth.
DR. L. B. WOOD: dental work In all branches;
examinations free. 719 Market st., rms. 2 ft .*
LABORERS, rare opportunity— Have recently
returned from 2 yeats' sojourn at Dawson: ,-an
furnish reliable Information, etc. Address
box 271. Call. ;
DRUNKENNESS— A harmless, home cure. Fer \
particulars address P.. P. O. box 453, San
•lose, Cal.; ccnflelence respected.
PAINTING and paper hanging; rooms papered,
$2 50 up. JENSEN & BATH, SO* Sixth st.
THE Ideal Hair Co., hairdresslng and mani-
curing. 22 Kearny St., first floor.
MRS. L. J. WHEELOCK ha* removed La Verlt* j
Parlor* to 1140 Market; phone Folsom 446.
FRINGES braid*, beads and jewels made to '
order. BTTINGER'S, 723 Market st.
MASSAGE given at your residence: 16 years'
experience; rheumatism successfully treated.
Ad.ire.- C. J. MCLAUGHLIN. 507 Jones st.
MLLE CLAIRE BERTRAND. manicure par-
lors. ::,s Kearny St., first floor, room 2-3.
JOHN L. BOONE, j Patent, Tradmark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Butter *t., Laws a Specialty.
San Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Eend for circular. Patent* Solicited.
ELECTRIC light* In every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third *t.. near Market; 100 rooms;
On; to $1 M per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus ani baggage to and from the ferry.
ELAUGHTER in unredeemed pledge*, Jewelry.
clothing, etc. for amount loaned and Inter-
est. CUT RATE LOAN OFFICE. 23 Mason. ,
MPS. BENNETT. llfi,", Mission -cancer cur* 6 i
.lavs: no knife, no caustics: references.
ALL gent* wishing to marry wealthy «end 10c j
for latest list, MRS. HERTZ", 706 Kills gt
HIRSUTINE CO.. hair specialist*, grow hair
or no pay; book for stamp. 6 Eddy at.
A. KLEIN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tool*
and old gold; send for him. 109 Sixth st.
ANTIQUE and curiosity shop; goods bought.
sold, exchanged. 525 Dupont St.. nr. Cal.
INCRUSTATION— New invention for china dec-
orators. See 8. R. CHURCH, 307 San*ome st.
LACHMAN &■ (O., mfrs. of fine furs and seal \
garments; also remodeling. 104 Kearny st.
IF you wish full value fur your caßt-Off cloth-
ing, call on B. COHEN. 157 Third st.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no Injec-
tion; guarantd. Dr. Gordln. 514 Plne.ab.Krny. ;
WANTED— OId (told for manufa'na. 0 Nolta,
jeweler, itf. O'Farrell. bet. Powell * Mason. !
; I I ..'■.. . ...U_.j ;
PBOTOORAPBIC IVFFLIfit.
PHOTOGRArnic surrnES.
FINEST and fullest stock; *quare deal and
prompt service; country orders our specialty;
catalogue free Cal. Onmern ''■' . 22 (leary St.
. PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office and residence.
• 1021 H Market at., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
— — — —^ — — i SSS -*— "eM — *mmmmm* — — J
rsornnTt WANTED.
WANTED— City real estate for cash. Apply
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE!.
FOR $750*1n monthly payment* of $9 35 I will
sell you a new 4-room and bath corner cot- I
tage, chicken houee and yard, and lot 50x100,
in Elmhurst, near Fruitvale. OSCAR HEY- i
MAN, 14 Post *t. _
OSCAR -HEYMAN
IB A HOME PROVIDER.
He will sell you a home already built, with
payments to suit your pockets, or win build
you 'i li'ius* from his own plans or yours,, ■
with payments no greater than rent.
Lot* for safe Investment, $5 monthly pay-
ments.
CALL OR WRITE TO 14 POST ST. I
C. C. BEMIS, Real Estate and General Land '
Agent, 324 Montgomery st.
Make offer— Northeast cor. Twenty-seventh
and Douglass sts.; must be sold; 80x114 feat.
$ICCo— North line Carl St., near Stanyan; 25x
137:6 feet. ___
Southwest cor. Guerrero and Army sts.—
xIOO feet. -
Southeast cer. Twenty-sixth and Church ate.
—Lot* 2:, Or E0 by 95 rc«-t. * «
RARE bargain; flne residence near park; every '
convenience. HUNS A KER, 6 Eddy st.
REAL ESTATE — CITY" — FOR SALE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., .
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
14 MONTGOMERY STREET.
$7000— Choice Mission business corner: I stores,
with living room* and flat of 6 rooms and bath;
rents $563 per annum; large lot. 2Z'ZTX_
■ $6500— Opposite Alta Plaza square; a real bar-
gain; an elegant residence of • 8 rooms and bath:
modern and ln flr'st-claua condition; nearly new.
$5000— Webster st. Investment; 2 new flats of 6
and 5 rooms and bath each; rents $492 per an-
num.
$3000— Mission Warm Belt; cozy home; 2-story
house of $ rooms and bath; large finished base-
ment.
$300 cash, balance same as rent— Cozy borne;
Mission Warm Belt, near Hth and Valencia
sts.; corner cottage of b rooms and bath and
lot;- both streets acceptetd.
$9900— Rent* $824 Per annum; 4 modern flats of
7 and 6 rooms and bath each; 60x120; 2 front-
ages; Western Addition.
$1600— Rents $193 per antrum; must be sold to
close an estate; 2 flats of 4 rooms each; brick
foundation; 30x100; only Vi block from 3d-st.
cars, South San Francisco.
$2250— Paciflc St.; business location; store ana
2 tenements; rents $240 per annum; lot 26x71:6,
no reasonable offer refused.
Iso<lo_A. fine lr.vestemnt; rent $814 per annum;
4 new modern flats of 6 and 5 rooms and bath i
each: Mission Warm Belt; street, accepted by
the city; only $3300 cash required, balance at 6 ,
per cent.
$5126— Pine st. ; a nearly new modern residence
of 8 room* and bath, basement, etc., and tot. j
$12.000— Pacific Heights bargain; an elegant
sew mansion of 12 room* and bath: modern In
ever*}' particular; commands grand unobstructed
marine views; 37:6x137:6; must be seen to be ap- j
preciated.
$13,300— A fine brick Investment near Kearny
St.; lot 30x85, with an L; rents $100 par month. i
$6300— A -cozy home, nrar Guerrero and 20th
Bt* containing S rooms and bath and 2 attic j
rooms; 50x115; must be sold owing to owner* j
departure from the City: part cash; make an '
offer.
Choice list of building lots In every part of |
the city at prices to suit.
Call and obtain one ■•*' our 'Real Estate Rec. j
ords " which contains a list ol properties for
sal* "in all parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN * CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
103 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
VERY CHEAP.
Good sunny home ol 7 ruoms on Webster »t.,
In W. A., price ti;is been reduced to $5600 to
make quick sale; it's a bargain.
RENTS SSS: PRICE, $5750.
Three fine (lata In Panhandle District; al-
ways rented; lot 25x137:'!.
A BUILDING LOT.
On Presidio Heights on Washington st., near
Spruce; 50x1*02:8; marine view; price asked
$6000; must be sold Immediately.
MISSION LOTS.
Guerrero. Dob and Liberty-st. lots from
$75 to $90 per front foot; send for plat.
A FINE HOME ON PACIFIC HEIGHTS.
13 rooms: on north side of street with ma-
rine view; lot 35:10.\137.5; $13,000.
MINNA STREET— S4ISO.
Three fine flats on Minna st . near Ninth;
rented for JIT monthly; a good, safe buy.
ONLY 11250 EACH.
Two cottages of 5 rooms <ach; near car line ■
In Mission; lot 2S:CxIOS; cheap.
FOB BLACKSMITH.
Lot on Mission, near Twelfth; 40x137:6; old •
improvements; will be sold cheap; an offer i
wanted.
OAKLAND BARGAIN.
Two flats of 5 rooms each within 2 blocks of j
Center-st. station ; let 23x75; will be sold at al
sacrifice; only $1500.
SEND FOR OUR LIST OF
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS LOTS,
[■», p.*', HEIGHTS LOTS.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
- 108 Montgomery st., San Franciaco. !
O. F. YON RHEIN & CO..
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
36x137:6 — Hayes St., near Fillmore; 3 flats;
rent $30; $13,500.
2'v *' Van Ness aye., near Paciflc aye.;
modern 12-room house.
20x68:9 to 'ear St.— Union st., near Dupont; .
3 front and 3 rear flats; rents $64 50; $8000.
60x75— Natoma. near Sth; 6 tenements; rents
ISO; •-' '
.25xSO — Fourth st, near. Harrison; .store and
flat: $6300; sale urgent,
IOaCO Greenwich, near Taylor; three -2-story
houses: rents $54: $6250.
112:6x37:6x87:6— Corner Kearny and Greenwich;
10 2-*tcry houses; rents $60; $6000.
22x65:!b.- Paciflc, near Mason; house of eight
room* and bath; 14500.
22 6x120 to rear St.— Union, near .Tone*; 2 flats;
rents 324; $8500.
20x120 t-e rear St.— Corner Green and West
End; old Improvements; J2500.
28x100— Lvon. near Geary: cottage: $2250.
22:11x65:9— 2"* l Francis. *■ st . near Stockton; 2- ■
story house and Urge basement; $2000.
23x50— Auburn, near Pacific; 3-story house;
rents $24: $1700.
UNIMPROVED.
25x100— Florida st.. north of 18th; adjoining
Onion Brewery . offer wanted.
40xlc0-Cor. Mth and A; $3500.
25x110 Scott st , near Washington; $3750.
SHx7l 10— SIT corner Polk and Lombard sts.
37 :4«4x137.-«— Greenwich, near Polk. 13000.
25xiO'i- Valencia, bet. 13th and 14th; 4 lots.
2COxI2S— NW. corner Fountain and 25th.
25x137:6- S. Frederick, v..--- of Cole.
FOR SALE BY
.V II CRIM & CO.. 118 Montgomery st.
«2c,ooO— McAllister St.. opp. City Hall; 50x87:6;
Improved.
A bargain— 2 half blocks in Richmond district;
California and Clement sts. ; will subdivide.
$2200- -Cottage; Clipper st. ; 5 rooms and bath;
34:6x114. , „  ,
Cottage; make offer; Harrison at., nr. j
Twenty-third; 5 rooms.
$1000— Lot on Second aye., nr. Point Lobos;
2:.\'.2f
"'corner Washington and Walnut; flne view;
63:9x127.
Mission *t., nr. Twenty-first; business
location; large lot. 60x122:6; mortgage, $5000, j
at ff-» per cent.
$6750 Oorner Oapp and Eighteenth sts.; house
10 rooms, 2 baths; lot 40x122:6; corner portion
vacant, with room for store, etc.
--Substantial dwelling, 10 rooms, bath;
lot 30x100; stone sidewalk; street accepted;
Howard st . nr. Eighteenth; warm belt. '
$4250— Three flats; 4 and 5 rooms and bath; In
flne order; 27:6x100; good view; Collingwood st.,
nr. Nineteenth.
J4CCC— Corner on Eighteenth and Howard sts.;
25x100.
33300 each— Howard st., bet Eighteenth
and Nineteenth: 25x}00.
$2750— A bargain; 54 lots in South San Fran-
cisco. ~ .j „
$2250— Modern cottage; Golden Gate aye, nr.
Park; 4 rooms, bath.
$2000— Corner; Twenty-flrst and Chattanooga
ata.; 2T\TT..
$1250— Eighteenth at., nr. Howard; 22:6x100.
W. H. CRIM & CO.. 118 Montgomery at.
FOR SALE BY
HAWKS. & SKELTON, 321 Montgomery st.
Modern house. Couch St., 3 rooms and I
finished attic and basement, tiling, etc.; view ]
of bay.
$7500— Washington St., nr. Scott; modern cot- c
tage, 8 rooms; charming home; park near by.
$7500— Scott st., near Union; fine bay view; 8
rooms and attic: new and artistic.
$3500— Paciflc St., near Leavenworth; 2-story
house in good order.
Cottage In warm belt of Mission: 6
rooms and bath: high basement; choice for
wets: make offer and get a bargain.
$3230— Fiats; Hartford st., near Castro and
Nineteenth; 4 and 5 rooms and bath; rents
f?..-;o per annum.
Howard st.. near Eighteenth; 8 rooms
and hath: can be altered to flats and pay good
Interest.
$16,500— C0r. Leavenworth and Sacramento; 8
houses; rent $1620 per annum; easy terms.
$11.500— Geary St.. west of Q ugh; large lot:
improved; good investment; always rented, $78.
$2000— Corner lot; Montgomery aye. and Tay-
lor st.; very cheap: will double your meipev."
jf.ooo— Lot: Jnckson at., west of Walnut: fine
view of bay and mountains: clone to cars and
entrance to Presidio; will divide.
$1500— Lots 5. side Chestnut, nr. Stockton; ;
street accepted; very cheap.
HAWK ,-;- SKELTON.
321 Montgomery st.
AT A. M. SPECK A CO. for good bargains.
$136,000— New building; rents $10,000 yearly.
wo— Grand Investment; rents $402.
$30,000— Stores and flats: rents $300.
$1500— Three flats on lot 22x36 feet: near Pow-
ell st * rents $1*; all rented: foreclosure.
$14,000- -Three grand new flat.*; rents $115.
$14,000— Geary et.. near Mason; store and
lodging house.*
$14,500—3 elegant new flats, near Mason st. ;
rented for $142; an estate; must sell.
$12,500— Store and flats; Tot 60-foot front; half
block from Taylor and Market; rents $100.
$16,000— First st.; 37-foot front; 2 fronts; near
Mission st. - * '
$10.500— New flats: very fine; rents $95.
$11560— Mnson st. ; corner; with 7 flats; renting
low for ISO
$7200— Transfer corner; store and 2 flats;
mortgage $6200.
17600— new flats; rents about $S0; near
Powell and Bush ata
$8000— Peat fit.: 3 flats; rents $60.
$5000— California st.: 3 flats: rents $45.
$4750— Turk *t.; 2 flats and stable; reduced
from $fistii: large lot.
$4500— 6 nice flats; near Sixth St.; rents $46.
$2000— Flats; rents $30.
Other bargains at A.'M. SPECK ft CO.'S. 667
Market at. . '
$900 FOR new house of 5 rooms and lot 50*100, !
in Oaklnnd: ternis 3*oo cash, balance $3 per
month; lot and house cost 31300, ; Inquire wm
HENDRICKSON ft CO.. 614 Call building. I
REAL ESTATE— CITY — FOR SALE.
BALDWIN * HOWELL,
10 Montgomery tt.
A FORCED SALE.
$6500— An offer wanted: must be sold at once;
handsome 2-etory attic and basement residence.
containing 12 rooms and all latest Improve-
ments; In the Presidio Heights district, near
Clay st.
A FINE INVESTMENT.
$8760— Rent $3S; handsome new flats, facing
the Park Panhandle, containing 6 rooms, porce-
lain bath and all the latest conveniences; all
rented; a good* buy.
$8000— Twenty-fourth st., near Guerrero;' 2-
story residence; contain* 6 rooms and bath and
basement; lot 22x137:6; mortgage $1700 can re-
main.
11230— Three handsome bay-window flats on
Hermann st., close to Valencia; lot 26x55: rent
156.
$6500-- Rent $60: I flats, in good condition, near
Sixth and Folsom sts.; large lot 45x50; splendid
renting locality: big bargain.
$5900— Worth $7000; fin* modern, flats on Ash-
bury st. near Fell; only a few step* from the
Park; contain 6 and < rooms, bath, etc.; a
good buy.
$4880— Near the corner of Cole and Frederick
sts.; new house of i rooms and bath: lot 25x
137:6 In size.
[ $.1750— Halght-st. Investment; not far from
i Market st. : 3 modern flats of 6. 7 and 7 rooms;
marblt steps, tiled vestibule: up to date in
I every respect; rent $95.
i $4780— Rent $43; Folsom it., east of Ninth; lot
23x90; store and flat above; also flats in rear;
bis bargain.
! $5230— Three handsome new flats close to the
• Park; up to date In every respect; marble steps.
etc.: sun ln every room; best bargain In the
market ; rent $80.
"■—Rent $72; Mason st., near Clay; 3-story
. house, 10 rooms and bath; also double cottage
! of 6 rooms each; lot 40x60.
! $4900— Hats; almost new; on Golden Gate
aye. near Baker St.; 2 flats, 6 and 7 rooms, etc.;
lot $8x100: cost owner over $7000: must be told.
$7800— Vallejo «t., between Montgomery and
Stockton; good business location; rent $58;
j store and 3 flats of 8 rooms and bath each, in
j good repair.
A DOWNTOWN CORNER.
j $15,000— Corner investment: close to Ellis and
; Hyde its.; store and flats; large lot; pays well.
FRONTING GOLDEN GATE PARK.
I $6250— Modern residence; Oak tt., near Ash-
i bury; contains 9 rooms, bath, etc.; lot 25x137:4;
! can be bought on desirable term*.
i $5750— An offer wanted; Sutter st, near De-
j visadero; lot 34:4^x137:6, with 2-story residence,
I containing 9 rooms and bath, etc.; also stable;
must be sold.
$5250— Rent $63 50; Mason it., close to Sacra-
mento; corner lot, with good Improvements;
rented for $63 50: big bargain.
$10.000— Valencia St.. near Twenty-second;
large lot. 80x1^6, through to San Joee aye . with
j Improvements consisting of 3 cottages; great
j baj-aaln; sold to close an estate.
! $2100— Clement st. near fifth aye.: modern
window cottage, 4 rooms and bath; lot 25x
100: stable In rear.
J2SoO— Nineteenth st., near Noe; lot 25x114;
rent $26: 2 flats of 4 and 5 rooms each.
BALDWIN A HOWELL,
. 10 Montgomery st.
FIVE hundred dollars and upward.
On very easy payments; choice lots In the
block recently subdivided, bounded by H and I
sts.. Eighteenth and Nineteenth ayes.; right
or. the Park and the new Nineteenth-aye.
boulevard; a number of lots already sold; bal-
ance bound to tell quickly; flne Investments;
good building lots': all ready: lots graded;
streets graded, macadamized; water pipes laid.
PRICES $500 UPWARD.
YOUR OWN TERMS.
MONEY ADVANCED FOR BUILDING
PURPOSES.
Electric cars pass the property; see this block
at once: go to our branch office to-day, corner
11 st and Ninth ave.; 'price lists, etc.. there at
our office. BALDWIN ft HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
PROPERTY FOR SALE BY _
HOOKER & LENT,
14 Post st.
jfO.ooo— First-class business block, close to
Ellis and Market sts.; new building; several
stores: paying 7 per cent.
$45.000— Market St.; large corner, centrally lo-
cated; suitable for 6 or 7 stores. There is a
bargain in this property.
$32,000— corner, with brick and frame
improvements; contains 6 stores, 4 fiats and 5
dwellings; lot size 170 feet frontage on one of
the best business streets in the city.
$22,800— Rent $170 per month; two large three-
story buildings near Eddy and Larkin sts.;
! double lot.
I $38.000— Rents $300 per month; desirable down-
-1 town property on Eddy st. ; new Improvements;
I large lot.
$22.000— Lnrkln-st. business corner; $220 per
month; large new building.
! $12.600— Paciflc Heights residence; sunny side;
: choice neighborhood; 12 rooms and 2 baths: un-
obstructed marine view.
$14 ooo— Turk-st store; corner; rent $127 50 per
; month; good building; always rented; drug
j store in the corner store.
$30,000— Rents $385: Butter-street Hotel; new
! building; very desirable location; must be seen
! to be appreciated.
$10,000— Bent $100 per month: large three-story
building, occupied as a lodging-house; near
Sutter and Powell sts,
$16,000-- Rents JHS per month: Powell-st.
flats; handsome building; only five minutes-
walk from Market st. ; double lot.
• ' -Rent $75 per month; desirable business
corner; 3-story building, stores and flats; near
Devisadero st.
Two-story house, 5 rooms and bath,
: with driveway for stable, on Webster st. near
McAllister.
$6600*- Golden Gate aye. business property, ad-
! jacent to the I I- 11 use; 2 buildings of stores'
: and flats; rent $50 per month; large lot, -»3.9 x
187:6 to rear street.
$4100— Four tenements near Howard and Sixth
sts.; rent $40 per month.
6750— O'Farrell st, downtown, near Jones;
frame building; lot 22:11x68:9.
$"500— Rent $16 per month; 6 tenements; Na-
-1 toma st, near Seventh; lot 25x75.
HOOKER & LENT,
14 Post st.
MADISON & BURKE. Real Estate Agents,
628 Market st, opp. Palace Hotel.
Established 1858.
Downtown Investment— block on' Ellis
st; -Rill pay 7 per cent.
Brick building— Battery-st. business corner,
near Market, ln center of wholesale district;
apply for particulars.
$12,000— Mission st-, bet First and Second; a
nice downtown business property. -
$5500— Sutter st., near Laguna; 8 rooms and
I bath; lot 20:8x95.
$6000- Baker St., near Sacramento; s rooms
and bath; In perfect order; 25:6x102:6.
$3000— Minna st, near Fourteenth; flats; rent
$23; lot 25xS0.
Clementina st., near Fifth; two houses;
store and flats; rent $55 per month; 25x80.
$10.000— Large residence and lot; Oak St., near
Octavla; 44x120 to rear street; has a great
prospective value.
$3700— Twenty-seventh st., near Dolores; 11
rooms. 2 baths; lot 25x114.
$6500-- Rent $86 per month: Shotwell-st' cor-
ncr; store and flats; lot 35x90.
$2500- Sheridan st. near Tenth and Harrison-
flats: well rented; lot 25x100. .
$3000 -Glover it. near Jones and Broadway-
two fiats; rent $24; lot 2.lxfio. ■■*.'>.- •.:•■
Castro st, near Twenty-flrst— Fine residence,
8 rooms and bath; new and modern; 25x106*
price only $4350.
MADISON tk BURKE.
_; 828 Market St.. opp. Palace Hotel.
JOHN PFORR. removed to 403 Pine st., oppo-
site the Nevada Bank.
$15.500— Beale st, near Folsom: lot ' 85x137-6*
with old improvements. '
Golden Gate aye., near Lacuna; lot
27:6X137:6, with Improvements; rent, 145
1 $40,000— Geary it.; 75x73:6; east of Taylor af
well Improved.
$7500— of Harriton and Eleventh its.
, large lot, 86x100: splendid site for a grocery. -'
$8750— Rent $35; Brannan St., near Third;
store ami rooms above; lot 25x75.
$30,000— Rent $3000 per annum: flne, centrally
located property; stores and fiats
-Reduced again from $4500; an extraor-
dinary barpaln on Fulton st, near Franklin;
only 3 blocks from City Hall and near Market
St.; n 2-story house, stable and garden; lot
1 27:6x137:6; worth $5600, hut must be sold.
$5600— Rent $47; a splendid Investment, on
Geary st.; 3-story house; store and 2 flats, 6
rooms and bath each. . ,
$26,000- Reduced from $34,000; rent $237: Lar-
kin St.. south of Geary; stores and flats; a
dead bargain.
$3850— Rent $45; Webster St.. near Washing-
ton; a flne double flat; 6 rooms and bath each.
$50 FIRST payment is all that a 3-room house,
j with lot 50x125. will cost you, balance you can
pay off with your rent money; on Ah In
! Tract. Elmhurst R. R. station, near Oakland.
'. HAVE YOU $160 FOR A HOME?
That Is all It will cost you. for a new 4-room'
and bath cottage; street sewered and graded;
I the balance you can pay off with your rent
money.
Park lota for sale from $100 up: buy while
property Is cheap; $50, 100x120, near electric
road, San Mateo - County. ' V '
JACOB HEYMAN. 19 Montgomery st.
NEW CORNER FLATS..
$4800; RENT $340 A YEAR
$1000 CASH. BAL. MONTHLY
Five and nine rooms each, with all modern
conveniences. F. NELSON, builder, .corner
I Twentieth and Castro sts. J
REAL ESTATE CITY'— -FOR SALE. I
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.
BANKS PAY 3 1-3 PER CENT INTEREST,
REAL ESTATE 4 TIMES AS MUCH. j
NORTH OF MARKET.
* RENTS $1920 PER ANNUM.
PAYS 19 PER CENT PER ANNUM.
j $10,000—4 frontages; 11 flats and 1 dwelling; good ,
condition; all rented; on Stockton at.
RENTS $1224 PER ANNUM.
PAT? 12 PER CENT PER ANNUM.
$10,000—2 frontages; 7 flats, i on Grove it, 4 on I
rear street; lot 22:11x120; near Laguna.
RENTS $7SO PER ANNUM. '
PAYS 12 PER CENT PER ANNUM.
$6,500—3 new flats. 6. 7 and I room* and bath; j
lot 25x137:6- on Central aye.
SOUTH OF MARKET. :
RENTS $756 PER ANNUM.
PAYS II PER CENT PER ANNUM.
$s,7oo— Near Sixth and Howard sts.; « flats of
6 and 5 rooms; lot 50x75. I
RENTS $564 PER ANNUM
PAYS IS PER CENT PER ANNUM.
$5,600— Sixth and Folsom "sts.; 6 flats, 3;
. of 7 and 3 of 4 rooms; separate en-
trances; lot £0x76.
RENTS $318 PER ANNUM.
PAYS 16 PER CENT PER ANNUM.
$2,000— Near Fourth and Bryant sts.; front
house 2 tenements, rear house 2 tene- ;
ments; lot 10x80.
BARGAINS.
: NEW WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
ON INSTALLMENTS.
$1,000 cash, balance $4000 on mortgage; 3
new flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath
on Golden Gate aye. ; rents $35 per
month ANY CASH OFFER OF LESS ,
WILL BE SUBMITTED.
A SOUTHEAST CORNER.
$2,760— 0n Fillmore st., near Haight; lot 24x |
'81:3.
FORCED SALE. , ■
$B.ooo— On Mission st; lot 68x116 to rear street:
8 houses on Mission st, 1 on rear street; |
grpund worth 25 per cent more than
price asked.
We hold our regular auction sales every threo
weeks. For further particulars apply to
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
625 Market Bt. ,
' $3750— RENTS $40; McAllister st, near Lyon; 3
j nearly new flats, 6, 5 and 6 rooms and bath
; each; lot 25x137Vi; street accepted; cable cars;
house alone cost $5000 O. D. BALDWIN ft
! son, 22 Montgomery st
VAN NESS aye. lots only $30 per front foot;
teveral lots sold and fine houses being erected;
east line of Van Ness aye., from Lombard st.
to Chestnut: lota any tIM; street accepted. O.
D. BALDWIN & SON, 22 Montgomery st
$1000 EACH— 4 lots on Stevenson st, between
; Thirteenth and Fourteenth: 2Sxfis each; lots
i level on grade, ready for building: 2 lines of
j cars. O. D. BALDWIN & SON, 22 Montgom-
• cry st.
' $1000— CHEAPEST lot In town; 30:6x112:6; east
i side of Lyon st, near Post; street accepted.
I O. D. BALDWIN & SON, 22 Montgomery St.
! $850— ANOTHER cheap lot; north line of Geary
st. near Baker: 24:6x50; street accepted; cable
! cars. O. D. BALDWIN & SON, 22 Montgom-
ery st.
$5250— PRESIDIO Heights residence of 10 rooms
and bath; all modern improvements; street
bltuminized: few steps from cars. O. D.
BALDWIN & SON, 22 Montgomery st.
$11.000— RENTS $90; nice Investment; pays 8
$11,000— RENTS $90; nice Investment; pays 8
per cent net; new modern flats, 7 and 10
rooms and bath each: north line of Clay st,
near Broderick; street accepted. O. D.
BALDWIN ft SON, 22 Montgomery st.
$2860 NEW modern 2-story houses; porcelain
; tubs; latest plumbing; will be finished to suit
purchaser: call and see them in course of
I erection: west side of Noe st, near Hill. O.
D. BALDWIN ft SON. 22 Montgomery st.
' $5500— HANDSOME residence of 7 rooms and
! porcelain bath, beautifully decorated: Devisa-
dero st. near Washington; 25x110. O. D.
BALDWIN ft SON, 22 Montgomery st.
$25.i)00— RENTS $300 per month; downtown brick
building; lnrge lot 45x137',i. O. D. BALDWIN
* SON, 22 Montgomery St.
I $13,000— RENTS $85; Ninth st, near Howard;
I 37:6x100; store and 2 flats: fine Investment O.
D. BALDWIN & SON, 22 Montgomery st.
1 $125 PER front foot— 7oxlo7; Van Ness aye., near
Union st; will subdivide. O. D. BALDWIN
A SON, 22 Montgomery st.
ELEGANT corner mansion— Heights;
15 rooms, 3 baths, ballroom, billiard room,
music room, etc.; stone foundation and stone
fences: stone stable; hardwood floors and nat-
ural finish throughout; furnace, etc. ' O. D.
BALDWIN & SON, 22 Montgomery st.
$100 CASH, balance $20 per month— 2 new 5-room
houses: Just completed; porcelain bath-
tub: dome ceiling; brick foundation; mod-
crn in every respect; west side of Castro
St., between Twenty-eighth and Valley,. l
block from Mission and Twenty-ninth st
cars: Inspect these houses to-day.
RIVERS BROS.. 227 Montgomery st."
$10 per month, without interest— Elegant build-
ing lot* on Diamond st, Castro st. Twen-
ty-eighth St. and Valley st.
RIVERS BROS.. 227 Montgomery it.
, $2200— nick 2-story 7-room bouse on Jersey et. ,
$2200— NICE 2-story 7-room -house on Jersey st.
near Church'; close to cars; cost $2900. but
must be sold.
$2150— 5100 cash, balance easy terms; new
modern strictly first-class cottage ln the Mis-
sion; neat, etc.
$*00— A nice lot on Jersey at, near Castro;
will build on It to suit buyer and sell on easy
terms.
| $190— A pick: worth $560; coiner lot In Lake-
view; adjoining corner sold for double, the
money.
$50— Cash $10; nice building lot in Richmond.
McEWEN BROS.. US Montgomery st.
$75 EACH— Choice level lots 25x120at Ocean View
and Ingleside. Address R.. box 114, Call.
— — — _ | , ,
SOL GETZ * BROTHER,
EOL GETZ A BROTHER,
. ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
New lots, superb locations, lowest prices.
$300 to $800— Sunset Heights lots from Sev- I
i enth to Nineteenth ayes.. ready to build
on; $25 down, $10 monthly.
Branch Oflice. Ninth aye., near H st. Every
day and Sunday. .
$400 to $700— Richmond lots. $10 monthly.
$75 to $300— Ocean Boulevard lots, $5 monthly.
$100 to Mission st. and Ocean -View lota.
$5 monthly.
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
BOL GETZ ft BROTHER,
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
ANY reasonable terms will be accepted: 308
Laurel, near Clay St.; good house, 8 rooms,
marine view.
2419 California, near Fillmore st— Lot 34:4 Vi !
x 137:6. and good 7-room house; these will be
sold to satisfy mortgages. McEWEN BROS.,
118' Montgomery st. . ■■
$1800— $14 per month: 4 rooms, 3-foot basement.
barn, stalls for 2 horses: lei 30:3 by 114 feet.
Particulars $08 Thirtieth st. * ; '
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park.
we«t of First aye., and you wish to sell them.
call on W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery it.
VAN NESS aye.: $110 front foot: st. bltumin-
ized and sewered. Apply 2740 Van Ness aye.
REAL — COUNTRY — For Sale
FOR RENT— S3OO per annum; one-half i In ad- :
vance; one-half in six months; 50 acres In
Santa Cruz Mountains, 8 miles frjm railroad
station: choice, healthful location; 25 acres
bearing orchard, prunes, apricots, peaches.
-.cottage and outbuildings: abundance of \
wood and water; some farming utensils.
$?'00 — New residence, Oakland; central: con-
venient to electric cars nnd local trains; will \
take half in land, balance long time. <
$-000 Berkeley residence; very geat location; ;
■ new, modern: one-half In land, balance like :
; rent. W. G. GRIFFITH, room 311 Hearst bldg.
t $500— ACRES Lake County; 7 acres bearing
orchard;' house of 6 rooms.
$1100—7 acres, San Joaquin County; all In
bearing orchard: near town: offer wanted.
$1100—4 acres, San Joaquin County; all in
bearing orchard; fine 8-room, hard-fln. res. !
$1250—5 acres on Clear Lake, Lake County;
house, barn, etc.: horse, wagon, harness,
tools, furniture, etc.: all Included.
C. F. MOORE, 935 Market st, room 8.
62 ACRES land located only half a mile from
ocean surf driveway. Santa Cruz; it is all
fenced and cultivated: small house, barn and
fine spring Included; schoolhouse, railway sta-
I tion and warehouse adjoining; price only
$3000. Apply to R. 3. MONTGOMERY, 470
Thirteenth st., Oakland.
ONLY $1600; 22-.-i.ere orchard home, with fine
improvements, near Loomls, placer Co.; pro-
duced this year over 2200 boxes fruit: entire
place under irrigation. McAFEE BROS.. 108
Montgomery St.. San Francisco. •
$650— RARE barpaln: ICO acres:' on good road: '
near school and station; _ miles from Ukh-.h. '
common house, barn, creek and aliout Si
acres bottom, land: balance oak timber, hill ,
and pasture land. Address R., box 114. Call. I
REAL COUNTRY — For Sal*
$12,000— GRAND stock ranch: 4000 acres; well
wooded and watered; house and barn; all
f*nced: only C milei from Healdsburg. Ad-
dress R., box 114. Call effice.
$3no AN acre— 100 acres on Mission road, near
the cemeteries: profitable Investment. Ad-
dress R., box 114, "Call office. .
MARIN Co.. 26 miles from S. F.— *4o to $30 per
acre; choice lands In tracts of all sizes; Im-
proved farms, chicken ranchet. hay. grain.
fruit and vegetable land*; easy term*; rail
and water transit; good school*. HOME AND
FARM CO . rm. 27. tth floor. Mill* bldg.. S. F.
A MODERN J-room house in Fruitvale. Oak-
land, for sale in quarterly payment and wilt
i take San Francisco lot for first payment.
; McEWEN BROS . lis Montgomery st.
| A— 2oo ACRES farming land near Sunol. Ala-
j meda Co., fronting on county roajd: $25 per
acre for quick gale. H. H. Crane. 410 Montgy.
j FOR sale— 6oo acres of grazing or dairying land
tn southern pert of Humboldt County, Cal.:
j large outside pasture: good climate: plenty of
wood and water; long time If -desired. MAR-
j TIN R. JAGER. 110 Taylor st.
; CHEAPEST and best In America— The- Weekly
Call. 16 rare*, sent to any address In the
! United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
I I ''" ' . '■
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ROOMS FOR HOI SEIvEEI'ING.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscription* has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets. Open until 9 p. m.
AUSTIN aye., 102. off Polk— Two nice tunny
housekeeping rooms and bath.
BUSH. 633— Handsomely furnished rooms, large
I and small: also 2 for housekpg.: gai and bath.
BUSH, 2526— nicely furnished tunny front
tooms; light housekeeping; adults only.
CHESTNUT, . 293—2 or 3 more furnished rooma
for housekeeping: cheap; flne house; cor. bldg.
CLAY. 2421. In rear, near Fillmore— 2 unfur-
nished upper rooms; water; rent $7. .
DOR KAND st, 83, off Guerrero, near Eight-
eenth— 3 sunny furnished hskpg. rooms; $10.
EDDY. Three large, sunny, well-furnished
i rooms for housekeeping; yard,
EDDY, 916— Unfurnished sunny rooms: newly
: papered; kitchen; private residence; adult*.
i ELLIS 222— Modern housekeeping apartments;
newly furnished; 2. I or 4 rooms.
ELLIS. 1129—2 sunny unfurnished alcove rooma
for housekeeping. .
FIFTH, 309— New corner house; suite of house-
keeping rooms on first floor: range and run-
ning water and gas.
FIFTH, 353— Furnished housekeeping; 3 con-
necting, $13; also single, $5 to $7.
FELL, 118, near Van Ness— Sunny room, house-
keeping If desired; single, $5; double. $3.
; FOLSOM. 1136—3 sunny rooms; complete for
. housekeeping.
' FOURTH, 225— Furnished rooms for light
housekeeping; also single. *
FULTON, 218— Nicely furnished rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; 2to 5 rooms. __
GEARY, 691— Sunny unfurnished rooms; Yerjr
reasonable.
: GOLDEN GATE aye.. 334—4 complete hskpg.
rms. for family; yard, basement, tubs, piano.
j HOWARD, 704, cor. Third— Nice large furnished
I rooms; also housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD, Sunny bay-window suite with
kitchen; man and wife; others; moderate.
! HOWARD, 829— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing, from $7 to $10; also other rooms.
! HOWARD. 1061—2 sunny completely furnished
j housekpg. rooms, $8; also unfurnished rooms.
I HOWARD, 1324—2 nice large sunny bay-window
rooms, complete for housekeeping.
HYDE, Sunny suite of unfurnished rooms
for housekeeping; also parlors; $20.
JESSIE, Nice sunny rooms; furnished com-
plete fcr housekeeping; also single rooms.
i KEARNY, 1708—2 furnished rooms for house-
[ keeping; American family; large garden; flne
j marine view.
LARKIN, 326— Clean sunny housekeeping apart-
ments: $16 to $25 per month; central.
! MARTHA PLACE, 2—2 well furnished sunny
rooms; complete for housekeeping; yard.
McALLISTER, 424— Two sunny rooms furnished
for housekeeping; resp. family; price $15.
McALLISTER, 643— Nicely furnished bay-win-
dow front room; suitable for housekeeping;
| rent reasonable.
MINNA, Nicely furnished bay-window
room, suitable for 2; also single room; reaa,
' MISSION, 561—2 furnished rooms, housekeeping;
also large front room for two gentt.
MISSION. 1738—2 sunny connecting front rooms;
! completely furnished for housekeeping; bath.
grate and blue flame range; $14, ,
NATOMA, 646—2 or 3 furnished rooms; com-
plete for housekeeping} $11 and $15.
NINTH 20, near Market— 2 connecting rooma,
housekeeping. $10; 1 front, $9; single, $6; gaa;
water; stove. v*.
NINTH. 119— Beautiful tunny rm*. : nicely fur-
nished: $1 26, $5 week: also housek' p; phone.
OAK 111—2 'nice sunny housekeeping rooma;
nicely furnished; bath: moderate rent.
PINE, 1436 , cor. Polk— 2 sunny furnished roome
for housekeeping: also single rooms.
POLK, 1532— Sunny furnished or unfurnished
rooms; suites, $7; single. $4; bath; parlor.
POWELL, 19—2 large sunny rooms; complete
for housekeeping; range; running water.
SCOTT, 113—2 large connecting rooms; gas:
bath; partly furnished for housekeeping,
| SEVENTH 192— One large unfurnished room;
1 housekpg. rms. & suites. MRS. PRAHL. prop.
! STOCKTON. 603 -Nice sunny rooms, single or
double, furnished or unfurnished; housekpg.
! TENTH. 136—2 sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms and yard; also front room for 2 gents.
TURK. -540-3 unfurnished rooms; every con-
venience for housekeeping; large yard.
TURK, 629— Large sunny furnished room, grate.
closet, bath, housekeeping if desired: $11:
small room. $5. V. __
TWENTY-THIRD. 3166, near Howard— nicely
furnished housekeeping rooms: bath, laundry.
— — —SS—S ™" BBBBS *""~ ___\ — *~ ™—
lloo.MS TO LET — Farn. and I'nfnrn.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
AN up-to-date new fireproof building—
Antonio": opening Oct. 14; electric elevator;
hot and cold water; radiators and coal grates;
rates reasonable. 21 Taylor st, near Market.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth—
,25c to $1 per nlnht: $125 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms 50c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
ASH aye., 126— Nice, sunny furnished room for
one or two gentlemen. ._
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)-Fur-
nished rms., suites, tingle: also unfurnished.
CARROLTON. 1206 Market cor. Golden Gate
aye. corner; well furn. rms. Sc offlces.
CLIFI ORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
DEVISADERO— Two large, sunny, connecting
furnished rooms. with running water. In
upper-flat: use of bath, dining-room and
kitchen (gas range) If desired; references.
Box 287*5. Call offlce.
EDDY, 123 (United State- Hotel)— Clean, neat
rooms, $1 50 week up; elevator day and flight
EDDY, 210—2 parlors. 1 single room; neatly fur-
nished. •
FOLSOM. 1630— Furnished sunny alcove front
room for housekeeping: hath connected.
FRANKLIN. 21 (Newport)— Nice sunny bay-
window roorrl for 2 young men; also housekpg.
FRANKLIN. 233— Newly furnished sunny room;
reasonable.
FULTON. 431— A tingle front room for a gentle-
man. - ■ •
GEARY, 217— Furnished or unfurnished rooms;
rent reasonable. '
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre) -Comfortable furn.
rooms; travelers accommodated. MRS. HYER.
GEARY. 556— Elegant sunny suite rooms for
housekpg.; piano, phone: other sunny rooms.
GRAND SOUTHERN— Southeast cor. Seventfc
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite of
single; ladles' parlor; reading room: elevator.
HANCOCK Tie. lib". 7si Mission-Select family
rooming house; $1 60 to $6 per week. ___
HOWARD, .715— 200 sunny rooms: nicely fur-
nished; every convenience: electric lights.
HUGHES House, 214 Third— Newly renovated:
, 25c to 60c per night: $1 60^ to $3 per week.
HYDE. 133— Comfortably furnished rooms; quiet
and homelike: light housekeeping permitted.
JONES. 418. near O'Farrell— Sunny, newly fur-
nished front and back rooms; ( $12. $15. $20,
gents preferred. . .
LAGUNA, 1310. bet. Ellis and OFarrell-Sunny
rms. furnished; running water; priv. family.
LARKIN, ' 103— Large sunny furnished or un-
furnished offices or living rooms: reasonable.
MARKET, 1912— Newly furnished sunny front
rooms and bath. .'. '
For additional classified adver-
For additional classified adver-
tisements see page eighteen. -•'.
1718
ROOMS TO LET Ktirn. nn< Cnrara.
MASON. Wont furnished room; 1 or J
gentlemen; Spanish people.
McALLISTER, 416. third Nicely furnlthed
sunny rooms, with or without board; gentle--
men only. : '■: . -:'
LISTER. fill— Front and back parlor;
nloely furnished rooms; also unfurnished.
McALLISTER, 7'l£4— Sunny furnished or un-
furnished rooms; suite or single; private fam,
MINNA, 524 -i unfurnished rooms; tunny;
quiet; bath; gas; yard.
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 1220— Large alcove room; grate: run-
ning water: also single room; reasonable.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1016 Market Nicely
furnished, 36c daj* up; $2 week up; transient.
NINTH. 72— Nicely furnished sunny aingle
front room; private faintly; $6 month.
OCTAVIA, 1401. cor. Geary— bay-win-
Sow; mantel ■.•double bed; sun all day; $10.
O'FARRELL. 723— Large front alcove room ele-
gantly furnished, suitable for 1 or i gentle-
men; private family: very cheap.
OAK, 116— New elegantly furnished sunny bay-
window room; bath; gas; gentlemen preferred.
O'FARRELL. 6SS^Sunny pleasant rooms with
or without housekeeping privileges.
POLK, 1403— Nicely furnished rooms and board;
private family; gas and bath.
POWELL. 3TS— Two front suites at the Wal-
dorf for rent: without board.
POWELL. Newly furnished, rooma, with
bath; will rent to gentlemen.
ROYAL House, 128 Ellis Incandescent
light reading-room, smoking-room ar.d ladles
parlor: rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to fg; month. $? to $30: elevator on offlce floor;
rooms with hot. cold water; boths. ■
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH. Furnished rooms. $1 JS week; alee
front room.
SIXTH. Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
suite or single; reasonable.
BUTTER, Office of late Dr. Robertaoßj
other sunny furnished rooms.
TEHAMA. Slll^— To let- nicely furnished,
sunny front rcom: cheap; upstairs.
THE .►sir- 31? Third— A good rooming house
for go A people R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
THIRD, 303— Housekeeping rooms, $2 per week;
also single rooms for men. $1 per week.
THIRTEENTH. Large, nicely furniflfaea
front room; rent $6.
TURK. Soll*. cor. Franklin— Two unfurnished
rooms.
TWE NTT-SIXTH, 33C7. nr. Milton— Furnished
tingle rms: ninny, clean, quiet; $1. $1 25 week.
UNION, 114 L nr. Hyde— 2 large and 1 small
sunny furnished rooms; rent $5 aad $4 each.
VALENCIA, 117— A nice sunny front room.
VALENCIA, Sunny bay-wtndow rooma,
furnished or unfurnished.
WEBSTER. 705— To let, four unfurnished rooms
and bath.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertlsementa and
A BRANCH offlce for CaU adverdsementa and
subscriptions has been established at 103* Va-
lencia st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 1* pages, sent to any address ln the
1 ited States. pe?*tr>*ld for -1 per year.
e^.— c^ — .^ — — -*______ SS££££2£S££ tmmm^^
ROOMS WANTED.
ROOMS WASTED.
ROOM wanted by lady with piano la exchange
for lessons. MISS C., «9 McAllister St., Call
Branch-
YOUNG man wants room with private family;
between Third and Sixth ata., near Market-
Box 3871, Call offlce.
LADY -wishes sunny unfurnished room in
rooming-house north of Market. Address
box 2SO, Call offlce.
THREE unfurnished rooma with respectable
family; walking distant** from Emporium.
Address box 232. Call.
WANTED— I sunny connecting single furnished
rooms, -east of Taylor st. Addreess, stating
rent and location, box 2159. Call.
TWO unfurnished sunny rooms; suitable for
chemist: rent not exceeding $9. Box 831. Call.
SEAVING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold:
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kind! I ought, sold, exchanged, rent-ed; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth St.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
lit pages, In wrapper, for mailing $1 per year.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOM!? Paper-ed from $1; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 219 2d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: tel. 5520.
— —^— — — — — e-e— y^ .^^— ■ —
STABLES TO LET.
GRAND chance for a livery stable or -coal. yard;
34 stalls; loft for 100 tons hay; oheap.
GEORGE W. H. PATTERSON & CO.. 170«
Market st. ■
STORAGE" AND WAREHOUSES.
CALA Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post. cor. Powell: tel. Main 5713.
CHEAPEST and best In America.— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United Ptates. postpaid, for $1 per year.
*"-
WATCH REPAIRING.
WATCH REPAIRING.
WATCHES cleaned 75c; guaranteed 2 years.
The Roy Jewelry and Optical Co., 540 Kearny.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 93 (50c per
share) of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COM-
PANY will be payable at the offlce of the
company, 327 Market St., on and after
WEDNESDAY, November 1. 1899. Transfer
books will close on THURSDAY. October 28,
1599, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
■' 1 ±'-
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
IN the Superior Court of the city and county
of San Prancisco, State of California. In the
matter of WESTERN BEET SUOAR COM-
PANY, a corporation, upon its application for
a Judgment of dissolution. Notice Notice is
hereby given that WESTERN BEET SUGAR
COMPANY, a corporation organized and ex-
isting under end by virtue of the laws of the
ftate of California, and having Its offlce and
place of business In the city and county of
Ban Francisoo. State of California, has filed
a verified application addressed to the Supe-
rior Court of the city and county of San
Francisco, State of California, praying for
a Judgment of dissolution of iald corporation.
and that MONDAY. November 13. 1899. at 10
o'clock a. m., at the courtroom of said court.
Department No. 2, ln the City Hall of the
city and county of San Francisco, have been
appointed as the day. time and place for tht
hearing of naid application.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed the official seal of said Su-
perior Court this 10th day of October. 1899.
WM. A. DEANE. Clerk.
By i:. M. THOMPSON, Deputy Clerk.
fPeal.l
PROPOSALS.
"" UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA.
BERKELEY.
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS, BUILDERS
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS, BUILDERS
AND MATERIAL MEN.
Notice ls hereby given to all concerned that
sealed proposals or bids are solicited for the
erection of an addition to the Chemical Labo-
ratory building on the University grounds,
Berkeley, Cal.. and for performing the labor
and furnishing the materials necessary there-
for: and said bids or proposals will be re-
ceived at the offlce of the Acting Secretary of
the Regents of the University. in South Hall,
Berkeley. Cal., at er before 3:30 o'clock p. m.,
of the 6th day of November. 1899.
And notice Is hereby further give- that the
plans and specifications of said buildings have
been mode and adopted and are placed In the
offlce of Curlett A McCaw, I Itecta, 314
Phelan building, San Francisl. -o. where the
tame may be Been and examined during each
day, from 10 o'clock a. m. until 4 o'clock
p. m., from this date until day of
No bids or proposals will be considered un-
less the same are accompanied by a certified
check or a bond of said proposer in the sum
of ten GO per cent of his proposal, with suf-
ficient sureties, conditioned that, lf said hid or
proposal rhall he accepted, the party pro-
posing will duly enter into a proper contract
to faithfully perform the duty and obligations
in accordance with said proposal, and plan
and specifications, which shall be and are
hereby required to be a part of such con-
tract. The right to reject any and all bids is
hereby reserved.
This notice Is given pursuant to an act, en-
titled "An act to amend an act entitled an
act to create and arganlze the University of
California." approved March 25, I8«s, and an
act amendatory of section 2." thereof, approved
March 28, 1K72. relating to the construction of
buildings, approved March 3. 1597.
By order of the Committee on Grounds and
Buildings of the Board of Regents.
E. A. DENICKE. Chairman.
TV A. McKOWEN. Acting Secretary.
c; Dated October 24, 1899.
UNIT"<'"D STATES engineer offlce. Flood build-
ing San Francisco, Cal.. Oct. 28. 1899. Sealed
proposals for furnishing and constructing
diverting channel for Sausal Creek, contigu-
ous to tidal canal. Oakland harbor, Cal h. aiil
be received here until If noon. December JJ.
1«M Information furnished on application.
W. H. HEUER Major. Engineer*. J
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALA MRI) A REAL ESTATE.
GREATEST bargains ever otTered in Alameda.
J4lW~Pnn Antonio aye.; 32 rooms.
Itir.oo— Union st. ; corner; 10 rooms.
TosEo— Morton st.; corner; 9 rooma.
tijooo— San .lose aye; corner; 8 room*.
JMoo— Sherman st.; elegant home; » rooma.
SiOO— Sherman st. ; elegant home; » rooma.
;spo— Pan Jose aye.: 7 rooma.
Houses to rent In &ffi&^jjjgg^
IIO.OCO-HALF " block. IS lots, with store and
dwelling, at Grand-st station; must be aold.
Address R. box 114. Call office.
$1300-LOT tOxISO. with large cottage of 9
rooms and bath; stable, windmill, tank. etc.
$2500- -Lot 40xU5; fine 2-story house i rooms
■nd bath: near station; mutt be told at onoe;
worth $Iooa . .
$2Wo— Lot 40x160, on Morton st.. bet. tne rall-
$2800— Lot 40x160, on Morton st.. bet. the rail-
roads, with flne new modern oottage 7 rooma;
$500 cash, balaee $25 per month.
IS3so— Lot 40x150; Morton at., near Santa
Clara aye.: elegant new house of 8 rooms;
$500 cash, balance $30 per month. Houtta to
let In all parts of Alameda
I H. P. MOREAL Sc CO.. 1432 Park at.
$800— LOT 25x140; all street work; $50 cash. $10
per month $2-00-)— house of 6 rooms; lot
i 40x118* 26th aye.. E. Oakland: $200 cash, $25
per month. J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park st.
I CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any addreaa In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage raid.
ALAMEDA HOUSBS.
HOUSE « rooms; bath; rent $15. JUS Clem-
I ent aye.
ALAMEDA ROOMS ASD BOARD.
HOME for ladles In delicate health; large
grounds: private. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATB.
FOR exchange for San Francisoo property-
House of 7 rooms; lot 136x125; within two
blocks of railroad and half block from electrio
cars: price $4000. Apply J. J. MASON, ad-
Joining Postofflce. Berkeley.
j YOU sould sco those new houses Just being fin-
ished in the Hillegass Tract; with all modern
Improvements; within 6 minutes' walk from
the university, and only 4 blocks from Dwight
way station; lots 50x180; for sale either for
i cash or easy terms. JOS. J. MASON, adjoin-
ing Postofflce, Berkeley^
i A NEW map of beautiful Berkeley, showing
the proposed extension of the university
I grounds, can be had by sending a2c stamp to
JOSEPH J. MASON. Real Estate, adjoining
P. 0.. Berkeley.
'• WE are selling houses and lots right and left,
but have a few left. O. G. MAY & CO..
Berkeley. _^^
$3300— UP to date 8-room house; large lot; close
to University of California.
$3100— Just as good 8-room new house; Im-
proved street.
H&O— Fine home ln heart of Berkeley; rents
for $46 a month.
50-foot lot on Durant aye., east of
Shattuck.
$1060— Comfortable cottage, 6 rooms; wind-
mill, tank, etc; dirt cheap.
O. G. MAY St CO.,
Opposite High School, Berkeley.
BARGAIN: five- room cottage in East I
Berkeley on lot $9x130; near station; street |
work done: $300 cash, balance to suit pur-
chaser. GEO SCHMIDT, Berkeley Station.
| AT a bargain— flne residence. Just com-
. pleted: 8 rooms: all modern Improvements; lot
! 40 or more by 135. See owner, J. W. HAVENS.
'. 2210 Shattuck aye.. or H. R. ABRAHAMSON,
111 Laurel St., Oakland. ;
$1200— 5-KOOM cottage; corner lot 120x127; good
weil and pump: $200 cash, balance $13 per
month. W. C. MORAN.
' $ISOO— WORTH 52200; new 5-rocm cottage; corner j
lot 40x120; street macadamized, sewered; por-
colaln bath; on electric car line and 3 blocks
to Berkeley local train; $100 down, balance $20 '
per month. W. C. MORAN. i
$1800—7 ROOMS and bath; lot 40x100; etreet
work all done; $200 cash, bai. $20 per month.
See W. C. MORAN. Lorln Station, Berkeley.
$1600— REDUCED: new 2-story; 7 rooms and
bath; electric lights; two lots. 40 feet front
each; on wide avenue near Ashby Station.
Address R, box 114, Call Offlce.
BIG bargain; house of 6 large rooms, bath, pan-
try; hot and cold water: high basement: cor-
ncr: lot 100x129; fruit trees; chicken house;
well 100 feet deep; windmill and tank; only
1 block from station close to electric cars; j
school, churches, stores, etc; take Berkeley !
train, get off at Lcrin station and ask for i
RUDOLPH & PERKINS. j
C. C. BEMIS. Real Estate and General Land j
Agent. 321 Montgomery st.
In Berkeley — Corner lot 87x150, with modern
house of 9 rooms.
| CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly '
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the j
United States or Canada one year for $1. I
postage paid.
BERKELEY HOUSES TO LET.
BERKELEY HOUSES TO LET.
FOR rent— ln desirable location, house of nine j
rooms, bath, laundry and storeroom, with sta- ,
ble, chicken house and large yard; convenient
to trains and university grounds. Apply O. i
G. MAY & CO., Berkeley station.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL -jTATE.
FRUITVALE.
THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY.
i EASY TERMS— EASY TERMS-EASY TERMS
AT CASH PRICES. AT CASH PRICES.
1 SNAPS. SNAPS. SNAPS.
1 The list of families who have stopped paying
j rent and are buying through us on Installments
I has Increased to 23 in the last 35 days. Most of
I them In Fruitvale; some of them ln Oakland; a
few In San Francisco and Berkeley.
! Corner lot on Peralta aye.; lot 50x140; ln
! a growing neighborhood. ' ,
$500—100x175; choicest lot ln Frultvale; sewers;
city water; close to cars.
! $1050— $14 per month; lot 60x150; 4-room cot-
i tage; good well; graded street; splendid lo-
cality. ■"<'.*•*■
$1250— Six rooms; large lot; well and pump;
bath, etc. ; new; terms to suit.
$1500— Nine rooms; lot 45x125; bath, pantry,
closets, halls, high basement: excellent local-
ity; fruit trees; corner lot; extra large barn;
well, windmill and pump; 2 blocks from car
line; we will take lot as part pay ln any of
the above.
We have Just secured 20 choice lots close to
i the station, and start 5 new cottages this week.
If you will talk quickly you may have them
! arranged to suit you. Anything we have for
! sale on reasonable terms.
THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY.
Half a block from Frultvale station, on
j Frultvale aye. City offlce, 222. Sansome St.,
I room 2, ground floor. After 12 any day after
| Monday.
I $175— VERY cheap lot, 75x100; only 3 blocks
from electric cars; cost owner $450.
I Cottage of 4 rooms; lot 60x108; barn,
! chicken houae, fruit trees, etc.; easy terms If
| desired.
I *860— Cory cottage of 3 large rooms; 2 chicken
houses; city water; lot 100x125; $125 cash, bal-
ance $10 per month.
$900— For sale at a sacrifice; 6-room house;
good well and pump; woodshed, chicken house;
j corner lot, 50x150; nil fenced.
$1050— New cozy cottage of 4 rooms and base-
ment; 2 chicken houses; lot 60x122; 3 blocks
front local train.
$1200— Modern cottage of 6 rooms and bath;
fruit trees; lot 37x270; located ln the best part
of Frultvale, 2 blocks from Fruitvale aye.
Chicken ranch of 3% acres: fruit trees;
good house of 6 rooms and basement; 12 chick-
en houses; 350 chickens, brooders and incu-
bator*; 1 cow, 1 wagon, 1 cart, 1 plow, 1 har-
i row, 1 cultivator, bone mill, meat chopper, etc.
For full particulars apply to
H. A. PLEITNER. Frultvale Station. Cal.
CHEAP lots and big lota; well located In
Fruitvale and near railroad; good neighbor-
hood: cement pidewalks, etc; lots $35x125 or
75x125; small cash payment, balance monthly.
J. S. JOHNSON, 972 Broadway.
"NILES ADVERTISEMENTS.
NILES REAL ESTATE.
CALIFORNIA REAL ESTATE.
Three acres bearing fruit trees in village,
$2750.. '-*-■-
Four acres bearing fruit trees, house, etc.,
$325(;.
Ten and one-half acres; three years old,
apricot and cherry trees; corner; -bargain;
$4250; easy terms.
Lot 60x222 feet; house 7 rooms, 2 upstairs un- .
finished; blacksmith shop and tools; only $2200.
Great sacrifice; forced sale; 120 acres bear-
ing prunes of best known variety; only $250 per
acre; adjolna Incorporated town; cost $500 -per
acre.
Reliable Information regarding California
property furnished. WATERS BROS.. Niles,
Cal.
SAN RAFAEL ADVERITSEM'TS
i .
BAN RAFAEL REAL EST4TE.
$1000— $12 60 PER month; 5 rooms; large lot;
plenty of flowera.
$1850— $18 per month; 7 rooma; close to Ho-
tel Rafael; excellent locality and large
grounds; will take lot part pay on either.
THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY.
Ban Francisco 222 Bansome St., room 1,
ground floor. Also Frultvale station.
v 1
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL. ' SUNDAY, OCTOBER 29. 1899.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— OOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
on*
OIL.
on*,
OIK
»M— FOR A PORTtTNE— O»
One Week Only.
BUYS 100 SHARES THIS WEBK-^«
NEXT WEEK STOCK GOES ON THB EX-
CHANGE.
MT. DIABLO OIL CO.
ORGANIZED BY HOME PEOPLE.
TO BE CONTROLLED BY THE PEOPLE.
TWO HOURS' RIDE FROM SAN FRANCIBCO
»*-FOR THE ROUND TRlP— ft ■■'
REMEMBERI
WB DO NOT HAVE TO BORE FOR Oil*
WE DO NOT SAY WE EXPECT TO
STRIKE OIL.
WB HAVB
STRUCK OIL.
OUR OIL ON EXHIBITION.
COME AND SEE FOR YOURSELF.
YOU MAY STRIKE
A FORTUNE
BY BUYING NOW.
THE COMPANY INTEND BORING
WELLS ALL OVER THEIR PROPERTY.
THIS IS AN OPPORTUNITY UNEQUALED
IN ALL THB OIL TERRITORY. AND AS
THB COMPANY PROGRESS WITH THEIB
BORING, THIS STOCK WILL GO UP
SO THAT THE INVESTOR WILL REAP
HUNDREDS FROM THE INVESTMENT.
BUY AT ONCE. DO NOT DELAY. GET IN
ON THE GROUND FLOOR. SECURE A
CATALOGUE FREE."-
J. W. LAYMANCB,
Secretary and General Manager,
026 MARKET ST., San Francisco.
460 Eighth Street, Oakland.
HOUSE and lot. 60x130; Frultvale, near
electric cars; $50 down and $10 per month.
C. K. KINO, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
CHICKEN ranch, $500; 1% acres. Contra Costa
County; 7-room house; windmill and tank.
C. K. KING, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
20 ACRES, Sonoma County, $1700; 10 acres fruit;
house and barn; near station. C. K. KING,
902 Broadway, Oakland.
GREAT bargain; 6-room house; East Oakland*
lot 60x100: only $800; $200 cash wanted. C. K.
KING, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
E. E. BUNCE.
90S BROADWAY.
FORECLOSURE SALES. *•
Cottage; lot 100*xl3E feet.
$1650— Lot 100x125 feet; 8-room houaa.
Call for a list of new houses for tale on
easy terms.
80 PAGE CATALOGUE OF HOMES. ~
A BARGAIN— LoveIy 9-room house; best resi-
dence portion of Oakland, west of Broadway,
lot 51x120; improved with choice flowers and
shrubbery; house in perfect order; all modern
conveniences; 1 block from electric cars; con-
venient to local to S. F. ; will sell at a sacri-
fice on account of owner leaving Oakland. In-
quire M. L. WURTB.
Seventeenth and Broadway, Oakland.
A— s7s CASH, $7 60 monthly; 118x515 feet; grove
of trees; 300 feet new 6-foot high board fenc-
ing; fronting on 8 streets; single dwelling;
Just- the thing for a bachelor; site, climate
and soil none better; plenty of good water;
near electric cars; 90- foot wide boulevard;
schoolhouse; price $600 in all: Allendale Tract,
Adjoining East Oakland. Call or send for cir-
cular, 455 Seventh St., near cor. Broadway,
Oakland; carriage free. HENRY Z. JONES,
Owner.
WEBSTER St.; I have the finest residence lot
left vacant on this street, and I will sell
lt for $55 per foot; owner refused $65 a short
time ago; 60x150; see lt. JAS. & NAISMITH
452 Ninth st. ■ .
BARGAINS— SI 26; lots in Frultvale and San
Leandro Road Tract, near Frultvale station;
electric cart, schools; homes built; eaay
terms; nothing like them. H. B. PINNEY,
Agent, room 9, 60s Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND KEAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$2150— ELEGANT new 2-story house, 6 rooms,
bath, laundry, large pantry and closets; all
modern Improvements; location first-class;
big bargain.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
903 Broadway, Oakland,
Room It, aecond floor, Mills bldg.. B. F.
$35 CASH, balance $5 monthly; 10 lots sacri-
ficed at Lorin in Oakland: electric cars; 2
blocks local train; electric and gas lights,
city water, etc.; owner widow lady; must sell
at a sacrifice. Particulars J. W. LAY-
MANCE, 636 Market St., 2 to 4 p. m.
4-ROOM cottage; lot 60x150; barn: fenced:
sood5 ood well; no Incumbrance. J. R. LEE, 401
'welfth at, or take S. L. H. electric car;
aecond house on Hawley aye.
$26£i>-EXCELLENT neighborhood; 7-room
house; bath, modern plumbing; lot 60x125;
stable; close to trains, schools, etc; Its cheap
at $3600; only $2650 asked for. J. S. MYERS.
1002 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
For sale — Building lot, near Telegraph aye..
North Oakland. R. J. MONTGOMERY, 470
Thirteenth st., Oakland.
FOR sale — New house of 9 rooms on Frultvale
aye.' 10 minutes' walk from station: lot 93x
130; horse, surrey and cart and carpeta; must
tell. Box 811. Call.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
HANDSOME residence, 9 rooms, bath, barn; 689
24th. Inquire R. Franke, 1622 Grove; rent low.
TENTH. 1220— 7-room house; bath; large yard;
central: near trains; rent $20.
OAKLAND COTTA4.E TO LET,
FOR rent— slo BO; t cottages, I and 4 rooms
FOR rent— JlO 50: S cottages, I and 4 rooms
eaoh; city water; 8tablo; lot 100x150; all
fenced. R. J. MONTGOMERY, 470 Thirteenth
at., Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
FOR rent— 6 aunny housekeeping rooms, kitchen;
also flat; large grounds; stable; superb view;
separate entrance; rent $12 month; water free.
962 East Seventeenth at., corner Nineteenth
aye., Oakland.
mmmm^ mmmmm — — — —^
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Shellhaas. the
furniture dealer, Uth and Franklin, Oakland.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Timothy O'Keefe and Ellen Hurley 28-24
F. Holtum and Elizabeth M. Kunst 41-33
Lewis V. Hentrlch and Bessie Fonda 28-22
William J. Campbell and Rose Wa1th0u... 22-22
Leon Silvesteon and Eva G. G. Gordon 24-25
Arthur R. Williams and Ellen I. Coughlln.37-26
W. C. Brown and Lizzie M. B.tsslganano... 24-20
Clarence R. Ward and Zillah M. Coonley.. 2B-24
Johannes Olsen and Berthea Arreberg 28-22
James H. Lynden and Florence Beckett.... 27-22
Tobias Klndelspire and Martha K. Howes.. 6o-50
John A. Andersson and Anna H. Edler — 25-24
Daniel Scannell and Mary Donohue 26-24
Amzl B. Kelly and Anna Haas 26-21
Frank P. Edwards and Dora Muller 28-19
Mm-ffIRMES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
ln at either of the publication offlces and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BARNAR— In this city. October 26. 1599. to the
wife of Brad Barnar, a daughter.
BOHLEN— In this city, October 19. 1899, to the
wife of M. H. Bohlen, a son.
CAHILL— In this city, October 27, 1899, to the
wife of John C. Cahill, a daughter.
CARASH — October 27, 1899, to the wife of
Meyer Carash of Oakland, a daughter.
OERDAU— In this city, October 25, 1599, to the
wife of H. J. Gerdau, a daughter.
HAMILTON— In this city. October 26, 1899, to
the wife of J. J. Hamilton, a son.
HEENAN— this city, October 27. 1899, to the
wife of S. C. Heenan, a daughter.
HOLBERT— In this city, to the wife of Benja-
min B. Holbert, a daushter.
JACKSON— In this city, October 27, 1899, to the
wife of C. W. Jackson, a son.
McDANIEL-In this city, October 2, 1859. to
the Witt of Robert W. Mclmniel, a daughter.
NIXON— In this city, October 22, 1899, to the
wife of Thomas H. Nixon, a son.
REYNAUD— In this city, October 23, 1899, to
the wife of Edward Reynaud, a son.
ROSENBAUM— this city, October 28, 1899, to
the wife of H. Rosenbaum, a son.
ROTHBERG— In this city, October 21. 1899, to
the wife of A. Rothberg, a daughter.
TRESSELT— In this city.; October 27, 1899, to
the wife of H. E. Thesselt. a daughter.
~~ MARRIED.
FITZPATRICK— DONLON— this city, Octo-
ber 25, 1899. at Mission Dolores Church, by
the Rev. Father Conway, Thomas F. Fitz-
patrick and Nellie Donlon.
SULLIVAN— this city. October 18,
1899, at St. Joseph's Church, by the Rev. P.
Scanlan, James V. Haire of St. Helena and
Katie A. Sullivan of San Francisco.
MULLER— In Frultvale. October 25,
1599, at the residence of the bride's mother. i
by the Rev. J. H. Theiss, August Muller and '
Annie Elisabeth Miller.
RACOUILLAT— ENGWER— In this city, Octo- |
ber IS. 1899, at the residence of the bride's
mother, by Archdeacon John A. Emery, Al-
bert N. Racoulllat and Emily M Engwer,
both of San Francisco.
DIED. "
Blaikle, Eliza J. Lee, Mary
Blalkle. Eliza J. Lee, Mary
•Culver, James IL Martin, Eleanor <■
Dunn. James Reed, Annie
Erianger, Herman Ryan, Amelia A.
Garner, Hans H. F. Scott, Claude A.
Gnw, Herbert J. Thr.*>well. Annie H. '
Geike. Richard Tornwall. Minnie J.
Harris, Abraham L. Urrv, Daniel B.
Haskell, John M. Walker. John
Hurley, Elizabeth Wempe, Anna M.
jHcobson. Harold F. Whearty, Joseph P.
Kelly. Michael J. Wheeler. Clara J.
Lasclottes, Catherine
HASKELL— Plumas County. Col., October
27, 1599, John Mace Haskell, husband of Sarah
W. Haskell, a native of Maine, aged 70 years
and 10 months.
CT'Notlce of funeral hereafter.
BLAIKIE— In this city, October 26, 1899. Eliza
J. Blaikle, wife of R. T. Blalkle, and aunt
of Sarah Preston.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral thia day
(Sunday,) at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 205 Fair Oaks street, near Twenty-
third. Cremation Cypress Lawn Cemetery-
CULVER— In this city, October 26, 1899, Jamea
Henry Culver, a native of Medina, N. V.,
aged 64 years. .--*\,'.-
CFFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Sunday),
at 1 o'clock, at his late residence, 111 l Clay
street. Interment Drivate.
DUNN— this city, October 27. 1899, James,
beloved husband of Matilda Dunn, and father
of Mamie and Rosie Dunn, a native of Maine,
aged 65 years.
ERLANGER— In Redwood City, October 25,
1899, Herman, beloved husband of Sarah Er-
ianger, and father of Mrs. Jacob Small and
Esther, Jonas, Simon, Isidore and Joseph |
Erianger, a native of Euchau. Germany, aged
72 years 9 months and 25 days.
ITXThe funeral services will take place
this day (Sunday), at 12 o'clock, at the
chapel at Home of Peace- Cemetery. Special
train from Redwood Cltye at 11:30 o'clock.
Friends from San Francisco desiring to at-
tend the funeral will take the 11:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets for
Emanuel station.
GARNER— In this city, October 27, 1899, Hans
Henry F. Garner, a native of Germany, aged
71 years 7 months and 3 days. (Chicago pa-
pers please copy.)
CFFrienfis and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
, (Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
Henry Ever 3, 865 Washington street, Oakland.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
GAW— In this city, October .26, 1599. Herbert
J., beloved son of Hugh and Anna Gaw, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 1 year and 3 j
months.
CF Friends and acquaintances are respect-.
■ fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence, 213 Dorland street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
GEIKE— In this city. October 28. 1899. Rich-
ard Geike, beloved husband of Katie Geike,
and father of Louise Geike, a native of Brom-
• berg, Posen, Germany, aged. 36 years.
HARRIS— In this city. October 26. 1899. Abra-
ham Leib Harris, beloved father of Mrs. An-
nic J. Harris, Mr. Henry Harris, Mrs. D. L.
Rosenthal, Mrs. R. S. Bornstein and Mrs.
C. J. Silverberg, a native of Exin, Prussia,
aged 89 years. '.■;--' ..--
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 617 Gough street, between Fulton and
McAllister, thence by 11:30 o'clock" train to
New Salem Cemetery for interment.
HURLEY— An anniversary- requiem high mast
will be celebrated for the repose of the soul
of the late Elizabeth Hurley, wife of Daniel
Hurley, at St. Charles Borromeo's Church,
Eighteenth and Shotwell streets, Tuesday
morning, at 9 o'clock. • -*.-.
JACOBSON— In this city, October 25, 1899, Har-
old F.. beloved son of Bernard and Annetta
Jacobson, a ■ native of San * Francisco, aged
3 years and 11 months.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from -. the residence
of the parents, 4 Folsom avenue,- between
HfcNRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
* Firth at. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 69* — _
le
Seventh and Eighth streets. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
KELLY There will be an anniversary solemn
requiem high mass for the repose of the soul
of the late Michael Joseph Kelly, to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, at St. Dominic's
Church. Friends and acquaintances are re-
spectfully invited to attend.
LASCLOTTES-In this city. October 2«, 1899.
Catherine Lasclottes, beloved wife of Henri
Lasclottes, and cousin of Leon Cazet and
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Pucheu, a native of
France, aged 25 years.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
; dence, 24 John street, between Powell and
Mason, thence to French Church of Notre
Dame dcs Victolres, where services will be
held.
LEE— In this city, October 28, 1899, Mary, be-
LEE— In this city, October 28, 1899, Marj'. be-
loved wife of the late Patrick Lee. mother of
Edmond S., William H., Charles R, Thomas
>v„ Mamie E. and the late George G. L. Lee,
and sister of Mrs. E. Doyle, Mrs. M. A. Fur-
long and John and Thomas Brown, a native
of County Wexford, Ireland, aged 58 years.
MARTIN— In Lakeport, Eleanor, dearly beloved
daughter of Edward and Eva S. Martin, aged
1 year 3 months and 24 days.
REED— In this city, October 26. 1899, Annie,
beloved wife of Silas W. Reed, and mother of
George _ Klttie, Emily and Percy Reed, a
native of Salinas, Monterey County, Cal.,
aged 44 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
RYAN— In this city. October 26, 1899, Amelia
i Agnes, beloved wife of John H. Ryan, and
! mother of Ruth S., John H. Jr. and Martha
J. Ryan, a native of New York, aged 32
years 6 months and 12 days.
tv" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12:15 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 130 Frederick street, between Masonic
avenue and Ashbury street, theee to St. Agnes
Church for services commencing at 1 o'clock.
A solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul at St. Agnes Church
on Monday. October 30, commencing at 10
i o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
' SCOTT— In this city. October 28, 1899, Claude
A., dearly beloved son of Clarence and Mamie
Scott, and grandson of Mr. and Mrs. J. Gil-
bey, a native of San Francisco, aged 1 month
and 14 days.
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 1028 Thirty-second avenue.
South San Francisco.
THROWELL— this city, October 29, 1899,
Annie H.. beloved daughter of Stephen and
the late Bridget Throwell, a native of San
Mateo County, California.
(C7The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 433 Bryant street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
TORNWALL— this city, October 27, 1899,
Minnie Johanna, beloved daughter of Eman-
ual Tornwall, and sister of John H.. Edward
E. and Alexander A. Tornwall. a native of
Eureka, Cal., aged 8 years 5 months and 16
days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
URRY— In Petaluma, Daniel B. Urry, beloved
husband of Mary Urn-, and father of Mrs.
P. H. Wagner, Mrs. A. Fonteneau and Fred
B. Urry, a native of Isle of Wight, England,
aged li yearß.
WALKER— In this city, October 27, 1899, John,
beloved Bon of John and the late Mary
Walker of Londonderry, Ireland, a native of
aged 32 years 4 months and 9 days.
(Londonderry, Ireland, papers please copy.)
C7*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of the
California Undertaking Company, 405 Powell
street, near Post, thence to St. Patrick's
Church for services. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery. a
WEMPE— In this city, October 26, 1899. Anna
Maria Wempe, dearly beloved wife of the late
Henry Wempe, and beloved mother of Ger-
hard and William Wempe, Mrs. Henry Ot-
tens and the late Henry L. Wempe, a native
of Hanover, Germany, aged 79 yeara 1 month
and 2 days. A member of the Third Order of
St. Francis and Chrlstlk-he Mutter Verein.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 419 Oak street, between Laguna and
Buchanan, thence to St. Boniface's Church,
Golden Gate avenue, near Jones etreet. where
a solemn requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commencing
at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. y :.;,,: ' X'--i ■
WHEARTY— In thia city, October 27, 1899, Jo-
seph P., dearly beloved son of the late Martin
and Ann Whearty, and brother of Thomas,
Peter and Mary E. Whearty and Mrs. Annie
Hoffman, a native of San Francisco, aged 33
years 1 month and 21 days.
K7"Frlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Sunday), at 1:30
o'clock, from the parlors of Valente, Marlnl
& Co., 1524 Stockton street. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
WHEELER— In Sonoma County. Cal.. Octo-
ber 27. 1899, Clara J., wife of Dalbert Wheeler,
a native of Kansas, aged 38 years.
HOTEL ARRIVALS,
GRAND HOTEL
A Parrott, Roseburg j C Ingalls, Boston
Mrs Galvin, Roseburg E H Knapp, Boston
Mrs J F Rltter, NY R Parker & w. Kans
VV C Berlin, USA IX Smith. Sacramento
F Moody & w. Willows ■**- Lowry. To; .-ka
Mrs Dodd, .B C C Cole, Topeka
Miss Beedy, Sausalito II Chandler, Topeka
E L Holmes & w, Ala A C Henz, w & d, Cal
R W Roberta. Stockton G Kennedy, Chico
H M Watson, VacavllejC Huffman & w, Chico
J F Brooks, S Cruz !E E Huddleton, Chico
W S Sessions, Berkeley E-B Shoalwater, Chloo
A . Colt, Berkeley R A Lyman, Oakland
J M Steele, Manila WJ Larng & f. Angels
F A Week. Cal L Dv Pont Syle, Oak
C Madden * w, Cal J C Fraser, Denver
E L Jobson. San Jose C Hamilton, Topeka
B Piatt, Oakland J B Gillespie, Kans
W D Gossard, S Jose J McDonald, Menlo Pk
J C Eubanks, US N P Sweed. Petaluma
B F Patrick. Chicago Mrs D McNeal. S Rosa
O E Lundranz, S Cruz I J C Ruddock. Ukiah
L W Irvine & w, N ViE F Purser, Healdsbrg
A D Scott Se w, Ukiah |Dr Moore, Benicia
W H Solderberg. Chgo J F Cowan, Salt Laka
E M Eslenan Se w, Mcx F F Tibbets & w; Sao
I C Campbell, Stnfd A A Franklin. Texaa
'. W Fell. Stanford G G Gage, Stanford
T Porter, Fresno Hattie Winston, L Ang
5 E Clark Se w, Sacto Miss Blackburn, Stnfd
H F Meln & w, Kans |w H Murphy, Palo Alt
«' A Rose. Bodle IF M McFadden. Kana
I C Troy, San Jose |E C Sloan, Pa
PALACE HOTEL. \.
M J Henry, USA H Clemens Se w, lowa
B Hazard & w, R I BO Llndblow, Oaklnd
T Knowles, Oakland M F Odell & w, Cal
B J Wheeler & w, Cal, Miss Robinson, Cal
Lt Shaw, New York jT L Emerson, Cal
3 W Hutt Jr. N V LB Kilbourne, Chicago
Dr L L Young, USA Mrs E R Newell, 111
J C Angokerny, Cal Mrs X L Kitchen, 111
D M Hanlon, Cal F W Joslyn, Chicago
S C Joerger, Berlin F W Watson. Stanford
M P Waite, Stanford A C Luck, Nevada
O . G Sage, Sacto A Nieman, Vallejo
Mrs J R Egan. Alamed T M Dwlny, Stanford
A O Hewitt, Boston iH Brown, N V
E Smith, Seattle C M Crane, Ohio
J H Henry, San Jose \V D Shea. N V
J Hatch, San Jose J C Coleman, USA
E S Jauxay & w, Cal W Fleckinger, USA
Dr H W Heintz, Utah A P Bradford, Oakland
H W Edwards, Keswlc R M Mem, Oakland
C P Chamberlln. Wash C M Buchanan, Plttsbg
A H Jarbet, Utah J J Veenlng, Kansas
W G Benham, Utah R G McCracken, Cal
J D Farrell. Seattle C H McFarland, Cal
J G Woodworth, Seattl H Doyle, B C
E B Jordan & w, Cal L B Rhodes, Seattle
W Batcheller, Chicago
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J D Noble, Pt Arena P McCallum, N Z
A Lawson. Redwood F Carroll, Seattle
W E Elkin, Redwood O Meredith, Kansas t
F Dlttman, Los Ang O B Spencer, Kansas
Mrs N Urrutea, Napa C H Shinn, Berkeley
E J Elliott, Sacto J C Fandale, N V
B E Miller, Kansas S H Casey, N V
O B Spencer, Kansas P A Powell. Kansas
J L Johnson, Oakdale C N Beal, Oklahoma
J.Collins, Los Ang J Pehryn, Oklahoma
C Trlnke Los Ang I A M Falconer, Kansas
J Ross, Los Aug W L Lazalerev Kansas
W G Harnberg. - Portld J H McKinney, Kansas
C Kohler, Portland C A Rice, Kansas
T Behrnsen, San Jose W Shaffer, Kansas I
H Black, Vallejo I A C Woodruff, Kansas
C Carlson, Vallejo [G A Evans, Kansas
G Wilson, San Jose W J Matthews. Kansas
G A Johnson, Rochestr Mrs Dlnnpll, Stockton
C Madden, St Helena M P Minehan. Kansas
H Compton, Stockton
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Martin and Louisa Julian to Slgmund Cahen,
lot on W line of Baker street, 75 S of Fulton,
S 25 by W 100; $10.
German Savings and Loan Society to Charles
Wagner, lot 18, block 3, Marion Tract (Hospital
lot); 310.
Martin White (by E. B. Pond and H. C.
Campbell, trustees) to Myra S. Cloud, 1621 D.
64, lot on S corner of Eleventh and Folsom
streets, SE 70, SW 80. NW .70. NE to begin
ning: also lot on SE corner of Buchanan street
and Hickory avenue, also 120 N of Oak street,
S 33 by E 82:6. trustees' deed; $14,580.
Mary T. James to Julia E. James, lot on W
line of Noe street, 76:6 S of Twenty- third. S
25 by W 100: also undivided half of lot on N
line of Cumberland street, 105 E of Noe. E
60 by N 114; $10.
Elizabeth A. Heydenfeldt to Oxen O. Heyden
feldt, lot on N line of Jackson street. 60 W of
Drumm, W 40 by N 120; $5.
Hubert and Claire Galey to James Burke, lot
on W line of Stone street, 90 8 of Jackson, S
20 by W 60; $10.
Charles E. and Emma L. Ehmann to Arthur
Rodgers, lot on E corner of Mission ana Fourth
streets, SE 100 by NE 100; $10. .
Frank W., Alvah B. and Everette O. Arnold
to Eber G. Mathena, lot on E line of Missis
sippi street. 175 N of Butte, N 25 by E 100;
$1500.
A. C. Freese (administrator of estate of Wil
liam W. Wade), Mary J. Wade and B. R.
Rotbenberg (by Edwin Schwab, commissioner)
to 'John A. Buck, lot on E line of lowa street,
871:8 N of Twenty-flfth (Yolo), N 28 by E 104;
$869.
R. T. and Louise M. Harding to A. Barnard,
re-record 1724 D. 242, lot on SE corner of B
street and Thirty-third avenue. E 226, SE 19:2,
S 186:8, W 120, S 25, W 120, N 225; $10.
Amelia Fatjo to same, all Interest in Outside
Land block 349; grant.
Ahlman L. or Ahinian L. Miner to Caroline
Bates, undivided two-thirds of lot on E lino
of Forty-ninth avenue, 100 S of I street, S 300
by E 240 (to correct 1610 d 112), quitclaim deed;
•fL
Hannah H., Charles H., Louis H. and Char
lotte J M. Jones to Emma M. E. Sorensen,
lot on E line of Forty-ninth avenue, 150 S of I
Btreet. S 25 by E 120; $10.
Joseph. Harriet, Bertha G. and Jacob Weiss
bein to Jacob Heyman, lot on S line of J street,
75 W of Thirteenth avenue. W 25 by S 100; also
lots 14 and 21, Jacob Heyman's subdivision of
blocks 9 and 17, Pioche & Robinson's subdi
vision; $10.
WEATHER FORECAST FOR NOVEMBER.
Continued From Page 19
erly winds: An elongated trough of low bar
ometer (pressure 29.60 inches) lies to the
southward of the Aleutian Islands. Around
this area the circulation of the winds is cy
clonic, or against the sun. The two circula
tions, cyclonic (around the low) and anti-cy
clonic (around the high), thus unite in giving
rise to a belt of westerly winds extending
from 50 decrees north to 33 degrees north. The
average strength of these winds will show a
marked Increase over October. They will be
subject to frequent interruptions by the tem
i porary wind systems proper to the eastward-
moving areas of high or low barometer de
scribed below. Calms and variable winds will
occur throughout a belt extending from 25 to
40 degrees north, 145 to 175 degree* west.
The northeast monsoon— The winter area of
high pressure central over Continental Asia
is now well established, and the anti-cyclonic
circulation to which this area gives rise covers
the China and the Celebes seas, the Philippine
Islands and the eastern coast of Asia as far
north as Shanghai, with the northeast (win
ter) monsoon. Beyond this point the prevail-
ing direction of the wind will be north to
northwest. In the vicinity of the mainland the
monsoon exhibits a marked tendency to follow
the trend of the coast. Here lt also weakens
slightly by night and at the same time blows
somewhat off shore, often permitting a vessel
close under the land to make way northward
against it. The monsoon brings thick weather
and rain along a weather shore. A rising bar
ometer foreruns an Increase ln strength; a fall
ing barometer a decrease.
Cyclonic and anti-cyclonic circulations—Tem
porary areas of alternately high and low bar
ometer will be found moving in a general east-
erly direction across the ocean. Around the
areas of high barometer the winds circulate In
the same direction as the hands of a watch
(anti-cyclonic); around the area of low baro
meter in the opposite direction (cyclonic). In
advance of an anti-cyclonic area, or high, the
weather Is dry (shown by the large difference
between the wet and the dry bulb; the baro
meter rises; the thermometer .falls; the clouds
(cirrus, cirro-cumulus, alto-cumulus) tend to
dissolve, and the general direction of the
winds is polar or westerly. In advance of a
cyclonic area, or low, the weather ls damp
(shown by the small difference between the
wet and the dry bulb; the barometer falls; the
thermometer rises; the clouds (cirro-stratus,
alto-stratus, nimbus) tend to gather, and the
general direction of the winds is equatorial
or easterly. The eastward passage of an anti-
cyclone Is marked by light winds and fair
weather; of a cyclone, by gales, rain and foul
weather. The path of the center of the latter
is generally confined to the region between 35
degrees north and 50 degrees north. Their oc
currence increases in frequency as the season
advances. Out of 2333 wind observations dur
ing November within the belt 35 to 60 degrees
north and 125 west to 145 east 47 per cent gave
a foroe of 5 or over (Beaufort scale); 30 per
cent a force of 6 or over; as compared with
24 per cent and 12 per cent, respectively, for
October.
Typhoons— The probability of the occurrence
of typhoons ls much diminished, the average
for the month being two. The region through-
ut which these storms occur and the tracks
followed by the several classes are shown
elsewhere upon the chart.
Fog— Fog and heary mist will _» met along
the American coast, also along the trans
pacific routes north of the 45th parallel but
with less frequency than during October.
4 $
Shipping Intelligence. .
♦— . : ■
ARRIVED.
Saturday, October 28.
Stmr Aberdeen, Higgins, 64 hours from As
toria.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, 17 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Stmr Cleone, Walvlg, 20 hours from Caspar,
via Albion.
Stmr Del Norte, Allen. 37 hours from Cres-
cent City.
Stmr George Loomls, Bridgett, 31 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Whitesboro, Olsen, 15 hours from Green-
wood.
Stmr Weeott. Burtls. 25 hours from "-Eureka.
Sch Rio Rey, Johnson, 8 daya from Santa
Crua.
Schr Herman. Thunnell, 14 days from Kodlak.
Schr Volante, Christiansen, 5 days from Co
qullle River. -*■'.*> ,*;■--:*
Bark Kate Davenport, "ferriman, IS days
from Port Blakeley.' >•>--=*
Schr Joseph and Henry, Arfl, 9 daya from
Coqullle River.
Schr Ida McKay, Lethola, 14 daya from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Marlon, Topfer, 16 daya from Everett.
CLEARED.
Saturday, October 28.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego-
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria; Oregon Rail
road & Navigation Co.
Btmr City of Peking, Smith, Manila, via
Honolulu; U S Government.
Stmr Peru, Irvine, Panama, etc; MSS Co.
Stmr Centennial, Eagles, Honolulu; U S Gov
ernment.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, Nanaimo; R
Dunsmulr Sons Co.
Bark Albert Griffith, Honolulu; Williams,
Dimon & Co.
Schr Robert R Hind, Helllngsen, Nanaimo;
Hind. RolDh & Co.
Schr John G North, Austin, Honolpu, via Ka-
hulul; Hind, Rolph & Co.
•yZ'.X..] BAILED.
Saturday, October tt.
Stmr Peru. Irvine, Panama.
Stmr Newburg, Hansen, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Alliance, Hardwick, Astoria, etc.
Stmr Umatilla. Cousins, Victoria, etc.
Stmr City of Peking, Smith, Manila, via
Honolulu.
Stmr Centennial, Eagles, Honolulu.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, Mendocino.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, Nanaimo.
Schr Five Brothers, Jensen, Blhlers Point.
Schr Bender Bros, Wetzel, Bowens Landing.
SPOKEN.
Oct 18, no position— Br ship Mlstley Hall,
from Oregon, for Falmouth.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Oct 28, 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind NW, velocity 14 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Oct 23— Schr AUca
Cooke, for Honolulu.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Oct Haw ship
Euterpe, for Fremantle.
PORT TOWNSEND— Oct 27— Bark
Hesper, from Port Gamble, for Wallaroo.
Arrived Oct 28— Bark Big Bonanza, from
Port Gamble, for Sydney.
VENTURA— SaiIed Oct 28— Stmr South Coast,
for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Sailed Oct 27— Schr John A, for
San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Oct 28— Stmr Se
quela, from San Pedro.
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed Oct Haw
atmr San Mateo, for Nana 'mo; stmr Alcatraz,
for San Francisco.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed Oct Stmr
Navarro, for Port Los Angeles.
POINT REYES— Passed Oct 28, 4:45 p m—
Stmr Mtneola, from Nanaimo, for Port Los
Angeles.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Oct 2S— Stmr Ruth, for
San Francisco.
SEATTLE-^-Sailed Oct 23— Bktn John Smith,
for San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO— Oct 28— Stmr Alcazar,
for .
EUREKA— SaiIed Oct 27— Schr Sparrow and
bktn Monitor, for San Francisco; Br bark City
of Adelaide, for Sydney. Oct Stmr Pomona,
for San Francisco.
Arrived Oct 28— Stmr San Pedro, hence Oct
26; schr J G Wall, hence Oct 21. .
ASTORlA— Arrived Oct 28— Stmr Olympia,
hence Oct 25; stmr Pennsylvania, hence Oct 25.
FOREIGN PORTS.
KINSALE— Passed Oct 26— ship Rhuddlan
Castle, from Tacoma, for Queenstown.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed Oct 27— ship Levern
bank, for Cardiff.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived previous to Oct 28—
Stmr Idzuml Maru, from Seattle.
NEW YORK— Sailed Oct Stmr Pretoria,
for Hamburg, via Plymouth; stmr Island, for
Copenhagen, etc; stmr Georgian, for London;
stmr Spaarndam, for Rotterdam, via Boulogne;
stmr La Bretagne, for Havre; stmr Etrurla, for
LlverDool; stmr Ailer, for Genoa, etc; stmr
Furnessla, for Glasgow.
HONGKONG— Arrived previous to Oct 28—
Stmr Coptic, from San Francisco.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
New Fast Train
Via Rio Grande Western and Denver and Rio
Grande railways in connection with Southern
Pacifle Company's limited train, leaving San
Francisco dally at 8 a. m.
Through Double Drawing- Room Sleeper.
Free Reclining-Chair Cars.
Perfect Dining- Car Service.
Also Pullman Palace and tourist sleeping car
service on 6:30 p. m. train. ,
For Information, rates, etc., apply any
Southern Paciflc agent, or No. 14 Montgomery
street. W. H. SNEDAKER, General Agent.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leava San Francisco via sausalito Kerry
«^?S?-»J?cl£-iBU-ND-*'^. Octobar L is»t.
WBBK DAYS-*:*) a. m. and 1:41 d m.
■ Far* ft F. to Summit and Return. *fi «a
. MOS. COOK * lON.' Astk OrUSku at.
BAILBOAD TBA VEL.
KOITIir.It>- l»A«'IFIC I'OHPANT,
<r. •,.-;-. (pacific svmtkm.)
Trains leave itn<l nre iiue lo nrrlve nt
NAN I'KAXCIStO.
' (Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
leave — From October 29, 1899. — arrivi
•7:OOa Benicia, Suisun and Sacrameuto . . . •7:4!1p
•7:OOa Marysville, Ororille vis Woodland,
Eliuira, Vacaviile ami Ruaist-y . . . . *7:4.1r
•7:o<#A Shasta Express-Davis, . Widows.
Heel Bluff, Portland *T:4sp
•7s:H»a Martinez, Sanßamon, Vallejo, Napa,
Calif-toga and Santa Rosa •O-ir-.r
•M:OOATho Orerl-M'l Limited— Ogdon,
Omaha, Chicago »«»»
■MrllOA San .lone, Livermore, Stockton,
lone, Hacriimento, Placerville,
Marysville, Chico, Red Bluff !*-?,*Ur
•»-:JOa 'Milton, Oakdale honors .1,
*»:OOa Havwards, Nilisand Way Stations. ""**»*
*'J:OOa Atianti.* F.xpress— Ogden and East •»:4»A
•0:OOa Martinez, Trncy, Lathrop, Stockton,
.Merc -d and Fresno -»I2:If»»
♦»iO«*»a Port Costa, Freeno, Mojavo and Los
Angeles ;... *»6:4»F
I • I 0:OOa. Vail. Jo, Martinez and Way Stations '-»•»'
c •1 1 :OOA Haywards, Niles and Way Stations. x:*ar
•I 2:00 m: Niles, Livermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, i.salia,
Porterville lt''\nZ
tl:OOr Sucrninonto lllror 8tejmer5.......... *»»»{«}»
•3:00p Haywards, Nil. an.l Way Stations. **a:4sp
•4- »M»r Martinez. Han Ramon Vallejo,
Napa, Oallstoga, Kiiutu Itosa •Uilß*
•4:OOr Bfuicia. Vacaviile, Saeraniento,
Woodland, Kniiflits Landing,
' Marysville, Oroville... .-'.ISi
•4:30r Niles, San. I. mo and Stockton '•""
•s:OOrTho Owl Limited— Tracy, Fresno.
Bakersfleld. Saugus for banta Bar-
bara. Los Angeles. •■!!
• S-'iOp Stockton, Merced, Fresno...... IJe,l*»
•s:ftor Fresno, liakerslield. Santa Barbara.
Los ADgelcs, Doming, El Paso,
New Orleans and East •»i«»4
•Siaop Santa Fa Ronle-Atlaiillo Kxpress
for Mojavo ami East..... » «•»»
•0:OOr Haywards, Niles an.l Han Joso ,71*121
16*301. Vallejo ; -,- v.- " 1 •« Ao>
•Oiaoi- Oriental Mall-Og.'.en end East .... . •*«»©»
17>OOr Valicjo, Port Coata and Way Sta-
tiona •••• ♦"•00»
•SittSr Oregon and California ExpresaHao-
ramento. Marysville. Redding,
Portland. V"-'-t. Sound and East -»»ilß|
COAST MVISION (Narrow (iauge).
(Foot of Market Street.) __
•SslßANewark.C-ntervlllc.fianJoso.FeltoD,
Boulder Creck.SantaOruz and Way
Stations •»»•»
♦Sil Or Newark, Centerville, ban Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
• Santa Crnz and Priucipal way
Stations ;—-A". fl-»i9«a
•4tl»-p Newark, San Jose, Los Gatos. "»«OA
111-lSp Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations IT»*»F
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrt* SIN NUKOISCO-rMt or M»rk«t Strest (Slip 8) —
♦7:15 9:00 ll:00A.Jf. J1:00 *3:00 t3IW
•iiOO JB-.00 ♦8:00i'.".
fromOilUllD-Fo«ltrßrMdw»y.--6:00 8:00 30-OOA.if.
tl2:00 '1:00 t2:00 *3:00 14:00 *8:00r.M.
COAST IH VISION (llroad flange).
(Third and Townaend Sts.)
"tO: I©a Ocean View, South ban Francisco.. t«i3o»
•7:00 a San Joso and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) "l:»»»
••tOOASan Jose. Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz,
Pacilio drove. Taso Robles, Han
Luis Oliispo, Surf, Lompoc and
Principal Way Stations .V.in*
•10.40* San .lose Way Stations .2 ?2±
•Ilt-lOA San Joso and Way Stations........ 'O'SOF
t2:4sr3aii -Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Ssn Jose.
Trea Pinos, Santa Cruz. Salinas,
Monterey and Pacific Grove ti" 5«
fKiftOr San Jose and Way Stations ........ ,'*f*>*
Mil «l* San Jose and Principal Way Stations "£•*«*
f.1:OOp San Joso and Principal Way Stations t»™"f
•3i3or San Jose and Principal Way Stations '°'»***
•0:: tOr Son Jose and Way Stations t» >•«*
611:431 San Jose anel Way Stations T;JWP
A for Morniug. P for Afternoon.
Daily f Sunday excepted. J Sunday only.
6 Saturday only.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN COJ
T .TTlfSjetS; H! HI
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIO
SAM FRANCISCO ANO NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
I boron Po rry, Foot of .Market 6fc
fcSAK FRANCISCiTTTT SAN RAFAEL.
■«7r.16X JRANCISCirm SAN RAFAKL.
oE^K, DAYS-7:30. 9:00, 11:80 a. m. ; 12:35,
. ,'. Bni.lo, 6:30 E- m- Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m- Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:54
and U :sn d. m. *^
SV«DA'^-8:00' 9:80' 11:00 *■ m. : 1:80, 3:80,
o:w, R:2O d. m.
«r~!AN RAFAEL TO S\N FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10, 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a, m. 12:45,
8:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips at
1:55 and 8:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40. 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40, 8:40, 5:05.
8:25 o. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetseja Park
•ame schedule as ahove.
Leave , f Arrlra
Ban FVanolsco. In Effect ] Bun Francisco.
1 October 15, 1
Week Sun- 1899. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination days. Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am [ Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:80 pm 9:80 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm: 6:33 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
yrtO pm Bioo am Cloverdale. 7:85 pm 9:22 pm
7:20 am j Hopiand and
8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:20 am' 10:25 am
I 8:00 am Guernerille. . 7:35 pm
8:30 pm I 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
7:30 am! 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
1 and
6:10 pm 5:00 pmf Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm| 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
3:30 pm! 5:00 pm ■ 7:33 pm 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skagga
Spring-*!; at Clcverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs,
Kelßeyrllle, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno.
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's,
Bucknell's, Sanh-sdrln Heights. Hullville, Orr'4
Hot Springs, Mendocino -City, Fort Bragg,
Westport, Usal. Wlllltts, Laytonville, Cum-
rnlng's, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Bcctla and Euyeka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round trlD tickets to all pointa
-beyond Saa Rafael at half rates.
' Ticket Offices. 650 Market St.. Chronicle- Wdg.
p. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN,
General Manager Gen. Pass. Agent.
f
Santa Fejßpute
SantaFejfettte
fcr y 1 fi/^^i
SSV tf $ * y
H i " 1 *o.e»aa
WmS <ft*^
|P*V» SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO.
Vy** SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO.
"-* THB MOST COMFORTABLE WaY
ACROSS THE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULL-
MAN PALACE AND PULLMAN UP-
HOLSTERED TOURIST CARo LEAVE
OAKLAND MOLE FOR CHICAGO AND
THE EAST. TAKE MARKET STREET
FERRY AT 630 P M.
DINING ROOMS AND DINTNG
CARS ARE MANAGED BY MR FRED
HARVEY, AND ARE PERFECT IN
. KVERY DETAIL.
Read Down. VALLEY ROAD. _ ~TU*vXCiu
•7:20 am 110:40 ami Stockton tl:« pmi 4*W nS
10:40 am I s:l* pm lYeaao 19:00 am 143 ran
11:18 ami 7:46 pm Hanfort 47:00 am 145 not
B:ttpm |13:S0 am ran eld 1:00 am U. OO am
H:t? am J!:Bpm Xl"*4l* 1 jo am "a pS
12:15 pm t«:SJ pm Tulare 84:26 am •1:06 pm
•Dally. tEtxcep™B,dnda^* |Except Monday.
T%L \-__niUL m *UrklH ■*■•'
Trt"k2SnittL° TlCk't a°*% m ltark,t *•'
Oakland Offlee. m.9 Broadway. I j
acramento Offley 101 jJS^ "-IM
Ban Jom Offlca,^jJW-aat Santa Oar* it.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
vT>r-fu .Commencing October 1. 1889.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY.
»„.«.„„ ~ AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— -nioo. •9:30, U:00 a. m.; I:*K
*»:«, 5:15. 6:00. 6:30 p. m
•5:40, 5:15. 6:CO. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRI PS-For Mill VaUey and San Ra-
xael, on Mondays. Wednesdays and Saturday**^
at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
BUND AYS- »8:00. -»10:00. -»U:3O a. m.; **I:U^
«:15, •4:45, 6:30. 9:00 p. _Z'
»:15, **4:45, 8:30. 8:00 p. m.
.Wk l^F^r. raarked <*) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
\\ EEK DAYS— 6:2S. •6-35. 7:45. •*:- **. •m"'
•12:30. 2:15, *3:40. «6:16 p. m
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
«-BJV*NJ?-^TS~':M- *B'W. "10:00. •".« a. «■•»
•1:40. •3:16. 4:45, »6:30 p. m.
«.ir?.l.nB..mar-K'Bd I*l «tart from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN TRANCISCO.
..WEEK* DAYS— S:4S. 6:45. 1:55. 8:45 a. m.s
-"^JU3S- i:ib. 6:20 p. m.
_ EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdaya and
*HJiHC?S.y"-at 7:o° and 10:2° **. **■
. SUNDAYS— 8:06. 10:06 a. m.; 13:05. 8:14. 3:B*
I:««, 6:46 p. m
. X_ '- THROUGH TRAINS.
I»0 a. m. week Caiadero and way statlona.
■:40 p. m- Saturdaya— and -.ray stations.
: 1:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomalea and way atatlona.COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Bank clearings show the usual gain.
Silver and Exchange unaltered.
J V heat and Barley dull and easy. Oats, Com and Rye quiet.
Hay and Feed stuffs as previously quoted.
The lull in Beans continues.
Sweet Potatoes and Vegetables weaker' and dull.
Butter weak at a decline. Eggs and Cheese unchanged.
Six cars of Eastern Poultry coming in.
Game continues to bring good prices.
First new Oranges in from Oroville.
Prunes firm in New York and weak here.
Provisions unchanged.
Coal market jtill but moderately supplied.
Coal market still but moderately supplied.
Charters.
Tha Eliaa Miller loads lumber and mdse for
The Ellaa Miller loads lumber and mdse for
Samoa.
Bank Clearings.
Local bank clearings last week were $19,277,-
Xi. against $16,605,452 for the same week last
year.
Imports of Groceries.
Imports of Groceries.
*
Imports of staple groceries at this port dur-
Imports of staple groceries at this port dur
ing the first nine months of the year were as
follows, compared with the same time ln 1898:
Of Coffee, 12,881.345 lbs, valued at $2 392 842.
against 16.717,800 Ibs at $1,602,800; of Sugar 310 -
!i2'l?? lbs. valued at 810.487.400. against" 246,
--.0! 000 lbs at $5,543,400; of Tea, 9.156,880 lbs,
-valued st $1,054,300. against 5,892,660 lbs at $819,
--120; * Rice, 45,413,900 lbs, valued at $891,000
e.-?ainst 25.5C0,6j0 lbs at $821,400.
Humboldt Lumber Trade.
;terr.ber was the banner month of the lum
ler trade of Humboldt Bay for the past ten
I;. rare. The Standard says the shipments for
-.he month were: To domestic ports, 16,313.539
feet; to foreign ports, 1,648,752 feet; total, 16,
-552.291 feet. The foreign shipments during the
month amounted to five cargoes, valued at
1^,511. ;
I Oats and Hay.
The circular of George Morrow ft Co. aaya:
OATS— Receipts for the week, 27,920 ctls. A
goodly supply, truly, and yet the market is
tirm, and for most varieties quotably higher
than at the close of lost week. Reds and
Blacks, which were formerly in demand for
:»»-d purposes only, are now commanding bet
ter figures for seed, and consumers are thus
: creed to fall back upon damaged Oregon Oats.
■"he demand for milling Oats Is also excep
tionally good at present. Undamaged Oregon
Oats re naturally very scarce and all offer
ings df such command fancy figures; prices
.ewhat above market quotations. So long
js Barley Ids firm there is not much danger
!ot any slump ln the price of feed Oats.
HAT— Receipts for the week. 3184 tons. All
things considered receipts have been unusually
light. On Monday last there were nineteen
rg yee of wet and damaged Hay In, but since
then, the volume of receipts has been. light,
especially for sound Hay. As a result the mar
ket ls In much better shape than lt has been
ar.d ls quotably higher. For some little time
to come we think it la apt to remain so. Every
thing, of course, depends upon the receipts,
but we cannot imagine people eager to take
their Hay out of the warehouses until much
better inducements are offered.
Aifalfa has arrived freely, but almost every
cargo haa~b«en" more or less damaged, and the .
market for this particular class of Hay ls i
dearie rallied In consequence.
Dried Fruit in New York.
Mall advices from New Tork say:
"Trade has been generally good, but orders
are h!> -:',;. for small lots. Buyers are taking
only what are needed for Immediate consump
tion. Spot supplies of all goods are short, ex-
eept Prunes, and trade- Is confined almost
wholly to new goods for forward or Immediate
consumption. There is very little speculative
Interest, and trade ls practically all for con-
sumptive purposes. Peaches may be the ex-
ception to this statement, but to what extent
'.i is at present impossible to say.
"Prunes are firmer, and In some sizes there
has been an Increase ln price lately. The
season for the Prune trade Is here, and pres
ent Indications point to a lively run of busi
ness up to the holidays, and prices promise
to be above the usual range. There is a
considerable quantity of old Prunes left In
the market, but apparently that Is having no
Influence on prices for new crop goods. Buy-
ers find great difficulty In filling orders for
the four sizes, 90s are so scarce. There are
some 60s here, but they are closely controlled,
and holders refuse to make concessions. A few
onJera are being placed for the four sizes, but
the range la relatively higher than it would
be otherwise.
"Peaches Are ln demand, and the price holds
firm. Under present conditions the outlook
favors still higher prioes, with prospect of
early exhaustion for aome grades, or rather,
the creation of an artificial shortage by with-
drawing stocks from the market for specu
lative purposes. There is an advancing tend-
ency, but so far there haa been no Increase
for some days.
"Aprioota are still finn and tending upward
In second hand. There are none now in first
hands, and nearly all have gone from second
hands Into consumptive channels. Prices will
rule high during the remainder of the season,
and may advance further before the holiday
trade closes.
"Raisins are Ann, but distributive trade ta
rather quiet for California loose Muscatels.
Foreign gooda unchanged and prices tending
upward rather than downward."
Weather Report.
EASTERN MARKETS
New York Stock Market.
NEW TORK. Oct. 28.— The favorable showing
made by the bank statement was a complete
surprise to Wall street and venturesome bears
were caught short. The result was seen ln
some violent price changes. The expectation
of an unfavorable statement was so universal
that the bears were very active In the first
hour and the. bulls were little disposed to push
their ventures. ".' X '
The early advance on buying by London and
a light demand from outsiders through com
mission houses was completely wiped out and
the Industrial specialties yielded early ln aym-
I pathy with the weakness manifest in Steel and
c Wire, which dropped to 4£& on continued liqui
-1 dation and uncovering of stop-loss orders.
■ Pretty much all the stocks of companies in
; the metal industry were specially vulnerable
* and there was profit-taking In the leather
stocks. The latter were supported by the re
; cently active pool and prices bid up sharply.
This prompted some covering by the bears in
i other Industrials before the appearance of the
bank statement. But the scramble for stocks
; Immediately upon the publication of the state-
ment showed that large bear contracts re
: mained uncovered. The bulls helped on the
1 advance and bid prices up easily and by wide
jumps In the effort to take the market away
from the bears. The closing was feverish but
strong, and showed a higher level of prices on
the day. The Southern. and Southwestern rail-
road stocks made the best showing, as on pre
; vious days of the week. The bank statement
Is completely mystifying. A loss in cash by
the banks was taken for granted. None of the
preliminary estimates placed it under $2,000,000
I and most of them put It at over $3,000,000. In
, stead lt is $87,000. The increased activity in
the stock market indicated that the process of
• loan contraction has been stopped. - Instead
there is a loan decrease of $4,766,900. Bear
traders were confident that cash In the banks
j would fall below the legal reserve require
; ments. Instead the 'surplus is more than
double, by reason of the reduction in require-
ments by loan contraction. No satisfactory ex-
planation Is available of the surprising recuper-
I ation effected by the banks during the week.
Dealings In stocks have been on a greatly
; Increased scale during the week, the total -sales
| running to near the three-quarters of a million
i shares mark on several days against a prevail-
ing dally average for some time past of less
! than half a million. The market has broad
' ened, the active list being more than doubled
ln length and many obscure stock coming for
: ward Into activity at advancing prices.
The disposition has been to advance, the op-
posing factors being the stiffness of the money
market and the weakness, of some of the
"green" Industrials with no dividend record
yet made. ;t
The growth of a new demand for stocks dur-
ing the week has been availed of to take prof-
its by those who have been picking up stocks
during the recent depression and money strin
gency.
The advance In prices since the first week in
October, when the lowest prices were made by
the liquidation forced by the wholesale calling
of loans, has been from 5 to 10 points in the
majority of prominent railroad stocks. The
profit has been sufficiently attractive to have
Induced some extensive realizing.
The' effect of this grew more marked as the
week progressed and the threat of an unfavor-
able bank statement undermined the confidence
of buyers. The most influential factor in the
week's advance was the announced determina
tion of the railroads to advance their rates for
transportation. This action promises very sub-
stantial benefits directly to stockholders in
railroad companies, as the traffic of railroads
has grown to such enormous proportions that
* a very slight change in the rate per ton for
freight would make a vast Increase in the ag
[ gregate return to the railroads. But the mci
dent has been significant ln its wider bearings.
( Competition for railroad business has been so
keen In the last few years that no cut rates
have been too severe for railroad managers to
! make In order .to secure business. The - ad
j vance in railroad freight rates is evidence that
the traffic has reached such proportions that
there Is enough to keep "the compenngr,*llnes
all profitably employed. It Is conclusive con-
firmation of the significance of tntelligeni.-e re-
ceived from all quarters of the country of con-
gested freight, freight car famine and eager
demand for new railroad equipment. The an-
nouncement of the New York Central's Inten
tion to devote the proceeds of Its new stock
issue of $15,000,000 to acquiring urgently needed
new equipment attracted additional attention
to the subject. Another Incident having far-
reaching influence on sentiment was the an-
nouncement of the closing of contracts by the
i great railroad companies for steel rails next
year to the extent of 1,500,000 tons previous to
the advance in the price. Several of the larg
est railroad companies have delayed these con-
tracts apparently \*.th the hope that the prices
of iron products would relax. The decision to
accept the present level of prices for so vast
a quantity of product by authorities whose op-
portunities for information is far reaching and
whose trained Judgment in large affairs is so
skillful goes far to strengthen the general faith
In an extension of the period of prosperity.
The large orders placed by railroads all over
I the country for new freight cars tend to the
same conviction. The future demand thus as-
sured tended to counteract the theory that Iron
prices would react with those of copper, tin,
lead and other metals.
The multiplying evidences of unprecedented
activity and prosperity ln business have
caused some relaxation of pressure against
even the "green" industrials, which have been
much In disfavor on account of the disclosures
regarding the capitalization and method of
valuation of constituent companies. There
have been conspicuous examples of price col-
lapse In this class during the week, but In-
siders have showed more Inclination to sup-
port the securities than in other recent in-
stances of a similar kind. Money has become
easier at Interior points during the week, and
the pressure upon New Y"rk has somewhat re-
laxed, but has not ceased. Rates for money
in New York have consequently been very
firm on account of the already depleted condi
tion of bank reserves. The firmness of for-
eign exchange. In spite of the stiffness of
money here and Its relaxation In London, cou-
pled with the fact that foreign houses have
been large lenders of money at the stock ex-
change, suggests that the return of securities
for foreign holders has been on a large scale,
although there was no evidence of such trans
fer through the usual commission house chan
nels. The easy conditions In the London mon
ey market have detracted from the Influence
of the war In South Africa on the stock mar-
ket. The market for railroad bonds has been
active and broad through the week and prices
are higher. United States new 4s and old .4s
coupon advanced "-i * and do registered, the 3s
and Ea coupon % In the bid price. The 6s reg-
istered declined Vi.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
8,250 Atchison 21%
6.870 Atchison prefd K.
1940 Baltimore ft Ohio ; 53^
Canadian Paciflc 96! i
195 Canada Southern D3V>l
1,620 Chesapeake ft Ohio 27«
*1060 Chicago Greet Western... 14^
5' 650 Chicago Burlington ft Quincy 133*,
Chicago Ind ft Louisville 11&
100 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 42
Chicago ft Eastern Illinois 96V:
100 Chicago & Northwestern 170
2 785 Chicago Rock Island & Paciflc 115
1000 C C C ft St Louis Ml
'.. Colorado Southern 5
\ ... Colorado Southern lst prefd £»\
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16
""dil Delaware' ft Hudson..:.. 152*1
' 1040 Delaware Lack & Western 194
600 Denver ft Rio Grande 22i
300 Denver ft Rio Grande prefd 771,
200 Erie 113'
200 Erie lst prefd ..., SSV
500 Great Northern pre-fd 174?
Hocking Coal 17V
100 Hocking Valley ..34
400 Illinois Central US'*
.... lowa Central .:...... 13*
'.. lowa Central prefd '.' 59V
Kansas City Pittsburg ft Gulf 3
Lake Erie & Western .".*". ;. ISV
Lake Erie ft Western prefd ; ISP
""-'... Lake Shore .... 198
"7 245 Louisville & Nashville y;-,<
6*120 Manhattan L 112 V
1'r,25 Metropolitan Street Railway 1371,
Mexican Central jj-J
Minneapolis & St Louis 71^
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 94*
"«,'s» Missouri Paciflo .".......... 481;
200 Mobile ft Ohio *.. 47
Missouri Kansas ft Texas 12V
2 010 Missouri Kansas ft Texas prefd.... 3!*
'goo New Jersey Central 124 V
2 000 New York Central LIS*
'900 Norfolk ft Western 21M
225 Norfolk & Western prefd.,.. "'
6,300 Northern Paciflc BS%
400 Northern Pacific prefd 76
300 Ontario ft Western -J6VI
Oregon Railway ft Nay 42
Oregon Railway ft Nay prefd....... 76
3,400 Pennsylvania 133?
600 Reading 21V
3,400 Reading Ist prefd .......: 61
2,200 Reading 2d nrefd .. 32*
Rio Grande Western. 85
Rio Grande Western prefd......:..... 81V
600 St Louis & San Fran..., 10".
....:.. St Louis ft San Fran prefd......; 70
800- St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd.-..:.;; S6Vj
. 100 St Louts Southwestern... ....'.**.. 13
1.100: Louis Southwestern, prefd.;..,... 31*;
5,470 St Paul ..........'.....:.. .-.::....*..... 127%
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 29, 1899.
St Paul prefd 171
.../... St Paul ft Omaha ........120
'6.930 Southern Pacific 88%
18.060 Southern Railway 13%
7.825 • Southern Railway prefd .....67%
2,020 Texas ft Pacific 20
6.500 Union Pacific 47%
3,645 Union Pacific prefd.. 77%
244 Wabash .*. 7%
1,200 Wabash prefd .' 22%
400 Wheeling St Lake Erie 11% |
600 Wheeling ft Lake Erie prefd 30
960 Wisconsin Central 17%
Express Companies— '
Adams ....114
100 American 149%
United States.., » El
....... Wells Fargo 130
Miscellaneous —
100 American Cotton Oil 45%
160 American Cotton Oil prefd 96
350 American Malting ..; 13%
210 American Malting prefd... 51
2,750 American Smelting & Ref 34%
200 American Smelting ft Ref prefd..... 88%
..:.... American Spirits ;..: -.. 4
American Spirits prefd 17
COO American Steel Hoop 47%
American Steel Hoop prefd 82% I
17.570 American Steel ft Wire 47% I
2.540 American Steel ft Wire prefd 94
1,460 American Tin Platet 33% I
120 American Tin Plate prefd 81 |
2.000 American Tobacco 123%
....;.. American Tobacco prefd ........114 ,
700 Anaconda Mining Co 43%
11,600 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 81 j
1,240 Colorado Fuel & Iron 55% j
2,400 Continental Tobacco 43 !
700 Continental Tobacco . prefd 93%
4.400 Federal Steel 54%
250 Federal Steel prefd 78% |
230 General Electric 121%
Glucose Sugar 52 j
Glucose Sugar prefd. 95 I
600 International Paper .....27%
. 400 International Paper prefd 70% .
900 Laclede Gas 78% j
100 National Biscuit 39% :
National Biscuit prefd .'.'. 98 j
120 National Lead 29
National Lead prefd 108%
1,650 National Steel... 49 1
National Steel prefd 93% i
New York Air Brake 142
200 North American 17%
300 Pacific Coast 57%
Pacific Coast Ist prefd 88
700 Paciflc Coast 2d prefd 67%
.'.' Paciflc Mall 89%
2,600 People's Gas 114%
325 Pressed Steel Car 08
150 Pressed Steel Car prefd. 89%
712 Pullman Palace Car 194%
450 .Standard Rope ft Twine .; 9
16,825 Sugar .153%
120 Sugar prefd 117%
1,150 Tennessee Coal ft Iron 118%
43,435 United States Leather 25%!
12,752 United States Leather prefd 82% i
, 635 United States Rubber 47%
United States Rubber prefd .'..112% 1
111 Western Union 87% i
200 Republic Iron ft Steel 24%
100 Republic Iron ft Steel prefd 69**. 1
....... PC C ft St Louis 74 I
295,500 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2? reg..... ...'.100% M X ft T 2ds 69%
J S 3s reg .107% M X ft T 4s 93% 1
U S 3s coupon. ...105% N y Central 15t5.. 112 I
L S new 4s reg.. N J Cent gen 55.. .120
U S new 4s coup. .130 N Carolina «c 127
L S old 4s reg 111% N Carolina 4s 104
L S old 4s coup.. .112% N Pacific lsts 113
U S c's reg 110% N Pacific 3s 65%
I S 6s coupon.... 111% N Pacific 4s 102-%
Dist of Col 8.665.. N V C ft St L 45.105
Alabama class A. .110 N ft W con 45.... 92%
Alabama class 8..110 Nft w gen 69 135 I
Alabama class C..103 Or Nay lsts 116
Ala Currency 100 Or Nay 4s 103%
Atchison, gen 45.. 99% Or Short Linn 65.. 128
Atchison adj 45... 87 Or Short L con 55. 115
Canada So 2ds 108 ' Reading Gen 45... 87%
Ches ft Ohio 4%5.. 95% ROW lsts :. 97%
Ches St Ohio 55... 119 S Lft I M C 55.. 110
C ft N W con 75. .145 S L ft S F G 65. 124%
C ft NWSFdebss.,lo6%lSt Paul C0n5015... 169
Chicago Term 45.. 97 St PCft P .121% i
D ft R G lsts 106 Ist P Chi ft P 55.'..120
D ft R G 4s 99% Southern Ry 55....105% 1
E Term V&G lsts. 103% ' Stand R ft T 65... 84%
Erie General 45... 71%,Tenn new set 35... 94
F W ft D C lsts.. 75% Tex ft Pac 15t5. ...115
General Elec 55. ...115 Tex ft Pac 2d5.... 50
GHft S A fis 110 Union Paciflc 45. .104
G H ft S A 2d5....107 j Wabash lsts 116
H ft T CEs 11l Wabash 2ds 100%
Hft T C con 65. ..110 'West Shore 4s 113%
lowa Cent l&ts ...114 Wis Cent lsts 74% ;
Kans C P &.G lsts 72% Va Centuries 86% j
La new con 4s 106 Va deferred 8%
L ft N Uni 4s 93% Colo ft Sou 4s 85%
MINING STOCKS. .
Chollar " 27 Ontario i. ....'.' 8 00
Crown Point 10:Ophir ;. 70
C C ft V ........... 1 66 1 Plymouth 10'
Dead wood 70 Quicksilver 1 30 ;
Gould ft Curry .... 28 Quicksilver prefd.. 700 1
Hale ft Norcross.. 28; Sierra Nevada 50
Homestake 65 001 Standard 2 75
Iron Silver 63 Union Con 50
Mexican 24 Yellow Jacket 20
BOSTON BTOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— I Union Pac 47%
Call loans ..' 6%ifffl Union Land 8%
Time loans ..ScgO West End . 93%
Stocks- W End prefd 115
AT ft S-F 22 Dominion Coal .... 44
A Tft S F prefd.. 66 Dom Coal prefd ..117
American Sugar. .. 153% Mining Shares-
Am Sugar prefd ..117% Adventure 6%
Bell Telephone ..370 Allouez Mng Co .. 4% 1
Boston ft Albany. .249 Atlantic 24
Boaton Elevated. ..lo7 Boston ft Mont .. 320 i
Boston ft Maine ..206 Butte ft Boston .. 67
C B ft Q 133% Calumet ft Heels. 740
Ed Elec 111 — 208 Centennial 24%
Fitchburg prefd ..119 Franklin 15%
Gen .Electric 121 Humboldt 1%
Gen Elec prefd ...W Parrot 44
Federal Steel 64% Quincy . 153
Fed Steel prefd ... 78% Santa Fe Copper.. 1.19
Mich Telephone ...1*"'8 tamarack 210
Old Colony 2"6 Winona 6%
Old Dominion 27% I Wolverines ....... 39% •
Rubber 49 ,Utah 33
Associated Banks' Statement.
NEW TORK, Oct. 25.-The statement of the I
Associated Banks of New York for the week j
ending October 28 was unexpectedly favorable I
in its showing. Predictions based on known !
movements of money had been that the banks |
would show a loss of something like $2,000,000
cash. Instead of this the decrease was lens
than $100,000, and as deposits contracted M -
740.200, lessening the reserve requirements
$1,685,150, the surplus cash In banks was
swelled to $3,038,523. This amount, small as It
seems in comparison with the usual excess. Is
still the largest reported since the opening of
September. To what extent the statement re
flects the actual condition of the banks can
not be determined. Certainly the known move
ment of money ever the past six days has not
been in favor of New York either on treasury
or on Interior account, and the sudden rise in
call loans on Friday does not seem consistent
under the circumstances. The interior is still
drawing or. this center and the banks have lost
to the treasury. The hanks, however, while
they are stronger In reserve than at the close
of the previous week, have- recouped at the
expense of outstanding ..' commitments, loans
having been contracted $4,776,900. This process
has been followed now with but brief Intermis
sion for a period extending back to July, and
the shrinkage from the high point of the year
is no less than $98,000,000. On July 8, when
loans and deposits were at a maximum, the
excess reserve was only $5,000,000. How the
continuous drain In cash 'since that time has
been met is easily perceived. The continuance
of this manner of meeting an extraordinary
demand is probably nearlng an end. for the
normal season for a return flow of money is
at hand. If the bank averages are correct, the
crop demand Is over, but there is nothing more
substantial on which to base a statement, and
this demand has ended. The truth of the mat
ter Is that conditions this year are so widely
different from those of former seasons that
previous experience cannot be used as a guide.
Trie interior banks are unusually strong' in
cash, and while New York Is the loaning cen
ter the supplies of money for the purpose are
forthcoming on demand from sections which
up to this year "have not entered Into competi
tion with the New York Institutions. While
New York shows an unparalleled falling off In
loans,- official national bank figures prove that
the volume of loans the country over ls larger
than ever.
London Market.
I NEW TORK, Oct. 28.— Commercial Ad
', vertiser's London financial cablegram' says:
The • tone of the markets here was confident
j throughout to-day's session and the dealings
were moderately active. All departments were
er.d except that consols were a shade easier.
American securities were firm all day. finish
' ing well over parity. Southern Railway Issues
1 reacted • slightly en profit-taking sales. Good
1 features were Northern Paciflc and Norfolk
j and Western issues.
CI OPING.
Canadian Paciflc, 98%; Union Paciflc pre
i ferred, 79%; Northern Paciflc preferred, 77%
--; Atchison, 22%; Grand Trunk; 7%; Anaconda
I 9%; bar silver, steady, 26% d; money, 2®2%.
New York Grain _\nd Produce.
'NEW TORK. .* Oct. 28.— FLOUR— Receipts,
23,588; exports, 8000. Quiet and barely steady;
winter patents,.- 83 60®3 85; winter straights,
$3 40^hS 60; Minnesota patents, $3 »5@4 89; win
ter extras, $2 Sofg-S; Minnesota- bakers, $3'§'3 20;
winter low grades, $2 2502 40. ■'■■■■[•_
\ WHEAT— 133/770. Spot, easy; No.
I red, 76%0 f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Dv-
luth, 78% cf. o. b. afloat to arrive;: No. 2 red,
78%0 elevator. Options opened easier with
cables, but later rallied on the steadiness of
corn. Finally, however, the market eased off
again under liquidation and- closed ' easy .* at
%c net decline. May, 78 7-18®78 11-16 c, closed
78% c: December, 74 15-16@75 3-16 c, closed 76c.
.HOPS— Quiet. State common to choice, 1896
crop, 6c: 1897 crop, nominal; 1893 crop. .10® 13c;
Paciflc Coast, 1896 crop, 4@6c; 1897 crop, nom-,
inal; 1898 crop, 11-g*l4c; Paciflc Coast and State,
I 1899 crop,- 12©15 c.
1 HIDES— Finn. Galveston, 20 to 25 pounds,
I 17% c; Texas. 24 to 30 pounds, 13c; .California,
' 21 "to 25 pounds, 19% c. v
The brokers' price for lead Is 34 40 and for
copper $17 60.
i COFFEE— Options closed barely steady; un
changed to 6 points lower. Sales, 10,260 bags,
I Including: November, $4 90; December, $5 05;
January. $5 05©t 10: February, $5 15; March,
$5 20®5 25; April. $5 30; June. $5 40; July, $5 40.
Spot coffee- Rio, firm; No. 7 invoice, 6 l-16c;
No.. 7 jobbing. 6 9-16 c: mild, firm; good business
doing; Cordova. 6%@11%0.
PETROLEUM— Firm. ' - ''
SUGAR— Raw, market firm; fair refining,
3 13-lßc bid; centrifugal, 96 test, 4 6-16 c; mo
lasses sugar, 3 9-1 bid; refined, steady and
fairly active; No. 6, 4%c; No. 7, 4 7-16 c; No. 8,
4%c: No. 9, 4 5-16 c; No. 10. 4 3-16o; No. 11,
4 11-16 C* No. 12, 4c: No. 13, 4c: No. 14. 3 15-l6c;
mold "A," 6 7-16 c; standard "A," 4 16-16 c; con-
fectioners' "A," 4 15-16 c: cut loaf, 5 9-16 c;
crushed, 5 11-16 c; powdered, 6%0;. granulated,
5 3-16e; cubes, 6 5-16 c.
BUTTER— Receipts. 4024 packages; firm.
Western creamery, 17@24c; June creamery, 190
22% c; factory, 14%@17c.
EGGS— Receipts, 4013 packages; quiet. West
ern, 14@14%c.
Dried Fruit in New York.
NEW TORK, Oct. 28.— California dried fruits,
firm.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 6®7c;
1 prime wire tray. 7%®Sc; choice, B@B%c.
PRUNES-3%®8%c.
APRICOTS— Royal, 13®lnc; Moorpark, 15®18c.
I PEACHES-Peeled, 20@22c; unpeeled, 7%@10c
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. Oct. 23.— Trading ln -wheat com-
I menced at a slight decline and there was so
little energy in the business that the market
sagged steadily throughout the session. The
i news was generally of a bearish cast, but sell-
I ing on any extensive scale was held in check,
owing to the belief mat prices were apt to be
given a sudden impetus on the outcome of the
political situation abroad. December opened
%^%c low»r, sold sparingly and declined to
e9%©69%c, closed at 70c.
Corn was easy early ln sympathy with wheat,
but later rallied under generous country buy-
ing Induced by wet weather and moderate re-
ceipts.
Indications of a large decrease tn the world's
visible supply, together with an improved cash
demand, helped to sustain the advance. Eleva-
tor interests during the latter part of the ses
sion bought freely. December closed at 31% c. I
Oats ruled strong, within narrow limits for
cats, on moderate receipts and a good shipping
demand. December closed at 22% c.
A decrease in stocks and higher prices for
hogs strengthened provisions. January pork
closed 6@7Vtc higher; January lard unchanged
and January ribs 2%c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
"Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— -.:.>-'*-'
October 65% 68% 88% *• 68%
December 70% ' 70% 69% 70
May 73% 73% 73% 73%
Corn No. 2—
October 31%
December 81% 31% 31% 31%
May 32% 33 32% 82%
Oats No. 2—
December 22% 22% 22% 22%
May A 24% 24% 24% 24%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
December 805, 8 12% 805 810
January 955 9 67% 955 965
Lard, per 100 lbs-
December 5 22% 5 22% 5 22% 6 22%
January 640 '5 40 5 87% 540
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— ;"'-*;*■' .'.- *-:- ■
December 4 87% 4 87% 4 87% 4 87%
January 4 97% 500 4 97% 500
Cash quotations were , as . follows: Flour,
steady; winter patents. $3 50(9-3 70; clears. $3 201**
3 30; straits, $3 30@3 40; spring specials. $4 10;
patents, $3 40-3*3 70; straits. $2 90fi-3 20; bakers,
$2 30*32 75: No. 2 Spring Wheat, 69«f72c; No. 3
Spring Wheat, 63(870c: No. 2 Red, 70@71c: No.
2 Corn, 32% c: No. 2 Oats, 23t*i23%c; No. 2 White,
26c; No. 3 White. 24%-g2sVis; No. 2 Rye, 64% c;
No. 2 Barley, 39®44c; No. 1 Flax Seed, $1 28-g?
28%; Prime Timothy Seed, $2 30; Mess Pork,
rer bbl. $8 OS'S 10; Lard, per 100 lbs. 8' 23®
27%: Short-rib. Sides (loose). $4 75^5 15; Dry
Salted Shoulders (boxed), 5%Q5%c; Short Clear
Sides (boxed), $5 35-*35 45: Whisky, distillers' fin-
ished coeds, per gal. $124; Sugars, Cut Loaf,
6.70 c; Granulated, 5.18 c. *
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 19,000 13,000
Wheat, ' bushels 154,000, . 81.000
Corn, bushels 354,000 ' 387,000
Oats, bushels 29.000 - 175,000
Rye, bushels 7, C00 2,000
Barley, bushels 6.000 33,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was slow and weak. Creamery, 15®
22% c; dairy. 14(ffI9c. Eggs, steady; fresh, 17c.
Cheese, strong; creams, 12®12%c.
Foreign Futures.
■ LIVERPOOL. X*Xy. yXizX
Wheat— Dec. March. May.
i Opening .....6 11% 6 % 6 %
. Closing 5 11% 6 % 6 %
PARIS. . 'XZhit
I Wheat— Oct. Jan. -Apr.
Opening 18 10 18 90
< I. .sing ....:. 18 10 18 90
Flour-
Opening .........24 50 25 20
Closing 24 50 25 20
Chicago Livestock Market.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Oct. CATTLE and SHEEP—
Receipts of cattle and sheep to-day were so
slim that business in both markets was at a
standstill, with prices nominal. *
HOGS— was an active demand for hogs
at a slight advance In price. Fair to prime lots
brought $4 22%-;?4 40; heavy packers, $3 90®4 20;
mixed, $4 10®4 32%; butchers. $4 i:>®4 40; light-
weights. $4 Qs*®4 86; pigs, $3 60@4 30.
Receipts— 200; hogs, 15,000; sheep, 1400.
Exports and Imports.
NEW TORK, Oct. 28.— The exports of silver
I from this port to all countries for this week
; aggregate $685,868 in silver bars and coin; ex-
I ports of gold. $50,568. , •
The imports of dry goods and merchandise at
i the port of New Tork for this week were valued
I at $10,228,815.
The Imports of specie for this week were
$28,954 gold and $84,781 silver.
Cctoh in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 28.— T0-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail-
able cash balance, $293,449,360. ■ -:.,,-
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Oct. Consols, 104 5-16; Silver,
; 26% d; French Rentes, lOOf 45c.
WHEAT— Cargoes off coast, buyers and sell
era apart; Cargoes on passage, rather easier.
LIVERPOOL. Oct. 28.— WHEAT— Dull. Wheat
i In Paris, weaker; Flour In Paris, weaker.
I COTTON— Uplands. 4d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, dull; No. 1 California, 6s 3d®
' 6s 3%d; No. 2 red Western, winter, 6s 10%(T;
No. 1 Northern spring, 6s 7%d.
CORN— Spot, dull; American mixed and old,
; 3n 7d. . Futures, quiet; November, 3s 7%d;' De
cember, Ss 8d; January, 8s 7%d.
London Wool Market.
LONDON, Oct. 28.— There have been fair mi
i quiries for wool during the week and specula
\ tive buying in Increasing. Fair sized lota of
merinos have been sold since Thursday at
, prices ranging from 10 to 15 per cent above the
, last series. . The arrivals to date amount to
61,251 bags, Including 11.600 forwarded direct.
WOOL IN AUSTRALIA;
' BRISBANE. Oct 28.— The third sale of wool
this year was held here to-day. The sales
| amounted to 7653 bales. Competition waa keen
i and pricea advanced %d.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or.. Oct. 28.— Clearings, $267,
--440; balances, $39,816.
Northern -Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 28-Wheat, dull-
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 28.— Wheat, dull*
Walla Walla, 56c: valley,. 67c; bluestem, BSc. ;
WASHINGTON.
: TACOMA. Oct. 28. -Wheat, lc lower; Club
55% c; bluestem. 67% c. . . '
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days — """ ji at
Sterling Exchange, sight — aeg
Sterling Cables *.. _ : Jga
New Tork Exchange, sight _ 12
- New Tork Exchange, telegraphic — ' 15
Mexican Dollars 4$ * 4514
Fine Silver, per 0unce..,,.... _ '.'.".'. 67%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The British Isles takes for Man-
Chester 8458 ctls, valued at $10,398.
The market waa tame and. weak at the de
cline of Friday. . ' .*; ,"
Liverpool was %d off. Consols wet* un
changed. ! Chicago . was weak and dull with a
downward tendency. Fresh buying will be
necessary to sustain prices. Three mills in the
Northwest closed down, which increased the
weakness. . ....
. Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 0«%®1 07%; milling,
' 'CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal * : Session— 9:ls December—
12,000 ctls, $108%. May— $116%; 30,000,
$115%. ■' . ' '.-;.•
Second December— 2ooo ctla, $108%;
4000, 08%. * • .-..'*
Regular Morning Session— December— 2o,ooo
ctls, $108%. May— $1 15%.- •
BARLET— The British Isles takes for Man
chester 89,440 ctls. valued at $76,522.
The market was dull and unchanged.
Feed, 80@87%c; Brewing and shipping grades,
90®97%c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— '99—2000 ctls, 88c.
Regular Morning Session— Seller '99—4000 ctls.
88c. .- • ■*
OATS— Although the market Is quiet, there Is
no weakness, and buyers have to pay full fig
ures. White, $1 10® 1 30; Red, $1 07%1 17%;
Gray, $1 07%®1 17%; Black, 97%c®$l 10.
CORN— Eastern large Yellow, $i 05@1 07%*
White, $105® 107%: mixed, $1 02®1 05 per ctl
RTE— per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
F bur and Millstuffs. '
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 60®3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40®3 60; Oregon
and Washington, $8 40®3 50 per barrel for
extra. $3 25@3 40 for bakers, and $2 25®3 for su
perfine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 Ibs: Rye Flour, $2 '75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra Cream Corn Meal, $3 25; Oatmeal, '$4 25; i
Oat Groats, $4 60; Hominy, $3 25®3 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $4-34 26; Cracked Wheat. $3 75;
Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 05®6 45: In sacks, $5 85®6 25;
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 lbs. *.-.■*-;■-*.■. >.._-■■
• Hay and Feedstuff s.
Hay remains as previously stated, wet stock
going at a large discount and dry Hay ruling
firm, with prospects of an advance. '•'.";'■ -.
There is no change in Feedstuffs.
BRAN— 60® IS per ton. v*.!:-.
MIDDLINGS— $19020 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $18 60@19 per
ton; Oil Cake Meal at the mill. $25®27; Jobbing,
$27 60®528; Cocoanut Cake, $20021; Cornmeal.
$23 50®24 50; Cracked Corn, $24®25; Mixed Feed,
$16 £0®17: Cottonseed Meal, $28 per ton. . .
HAT— Wheat, $S®9 for common to good and
$9 50*5*10 for choice; Wheat- and Oat, $7 50®9 50;
Oat, $6 50®S 60; Barley, $5-57; Island Barley, $3
©6; Alfalfa, $5@7 per ton; Compressed, $7@9 per
ton. . -'. i-.'-.-^vy ,- ;
STRAW— per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
The lull In Beans continues, as the demand
seems satisfied for the present. Quotations
show no weakness, however.
BEANS— Baycs, $2 50®2 60; small White, $2 85
Sti 95; large White. $2 30®2 40: Pinks. $2 35® j
$2 45; Reds, $3 60®3 75: Blackeye, $4 50; But-
ters, $3; Lima, 14 90®5; Pea, $2 75@3; Red I
' Kidneys. $2 60®2 70 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. B®3%c: Tellow !
Mustard, 4@4%c: Flax, nominal; Canary, ■
B%c ncr lb for California and 4c for Eastern; ,
Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 2%@3c; Hemp, 4®4%c;
Timothy. ' 4®4%c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 35®1 60; Green, $1 75
®1 85 per ctl. *J_
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Merced Sweets sold at a slight decline. River
Potatoes continued weak and ; dull. Onions
were unchanged. -,-■_ :':■: '-.'-?'.--
Vegetables are generally lower, aa there la
little demand at the moment.
POTATOES— River Reds, 60®65c; Early Rose,
nominal: Burbanks. 50@70c per ctl: Salinas Bur-
banks. $lff 1 2.'.: Oregon Burbanks. 75c@$l;
Sweet Potatoes, 75c for Rivers and $1 10 for
Merced. .'•-:--.-'-; *'-■ ->>•*.<.-■*
ONIONS— -jr.-ff.7se per ctl.
i VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 2@40 per lb;
String Beans, 3®sc; Lima Beans, s<g6c;
Cabbage, 50c; Tomatoes, 10®40c; Egg Plant.
36050 c; Dried Okra, 12% c per lb; Garlic, 2®3c;
Green Peppers, 33®75c per box; Carrots, 30®4"c
per sack: Cucumbers, 40®50c; Marrowfat :
Squash, $S'i*|lo per ton; Mushrooms, — ®— per ]
'*>*
Poultry and Game.
Half a dozen cars of Eastern are promised ,
for the early part of the week. There is still I
some Eastern left unsold. The market is de- ■
moralized. Dressed Turkeys came in and sold
at 16@18c per lb.
The feature In Game was the heavy receipts
of Sprig, ' which sold lower "In . consequence.
Hare touched 82. They are remarkably high
this year. ."; ■*: *.: ' • • : - *-.
POULTRT— Turkeys, 13f?14c for Gob
blers and 130140 for Hens; Young Turkeys, 154?
16c; Geese, per pair, Jl 6001 75; Goslings, $1 50@ i
175; Ducks, 84-5 150 for old and $4 50-5J6 for;
young; Hens. $4-35; Young Roosters, 831663 50;
Old Roosters, Hffl 50; Fryers, $3©3 25; Broilers, ;
88i93 25 for large, 13W3 25 for small; Pigeons,
Jl 25 per dozen for old and .81 50@1 75 for
Squabs.
GAME— Jl 75*52; Mallard, Js*aS; Can
vasback, $0@12: Sprig", (803 50; Teal, $3 50@4; :
Widgeon, J! 50«?3; Small Duck. $2® 2 50: Doves. ',
75c per dozen; Hare. 817593; Rabbits, $175
for Cottontails and Jl 75 for Small: Gray Geese, i
8404 50; White, Jl 50; Brant, $15002 50; Eng- j
lish Snipe, J2 50 per -dozen; Jack Snipe, Jl 25© I
150. - ■ ; _ -.*•
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The weakness In Butter continues. The de- j
mand for fresh has fallen off sharply, as peo- I
ple cannot afford to pay the prices, and are
using packed goods. Eggs are also easy and '-
quiet. Cheese ls unchanged.
BUTTER—. ...- . -yy: - • •***-
Creamery— Creamery, 29530 c; seconds
28c.
Dairy— Fancy. 26527 c; good to choice, 24@25c;
store, nominal. -
Pickled roll, 22524 c; firkin. . 21@22%c; cream
ery tub, 22%®24c.
Eastern— l7slßc for ladle packed and 25c for
Elgin; Oregon ladle, 17tgl9c per lb. .
CHEESE— mild new, ll%c; old. 10145; 1
lie; Toung America. ll%c; Eastern. 14®15c.
EGGS— Quoted at 25®32%c for store and »7%@ I
40c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 2s-g,3oc for I
selected, 25@£7%c for No. 1 and 20@22%c for
seconds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The first new Oranges have appeared. Five
boxes of Navels came ln from Oroville and
sold at $4 60 per box. ■
There Is little new to note In the market.
Grapes are quiet at previous prices. Berries
cleaned up well. There is no sale for Melons.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 35565 c per box for . common; 75c@$l
for good to choice and Jl 25(51 50 for faner.
Blackberries, J4@s per chest;
Strawberries. J9510 per chest for small and
$1 75-54 for large berries: Raspberries, $456 per
ohest; Huckleberries. 657 c per lb; Wisconsin
Cranberries Jfi 5001 50 per bbl: Cape Cod Cran
berries, J7 50(58; Coos Bay Cranberries, $6 50 per
barrel and $2 per box.
Grapes, ?o*?3sc for Black. 25@40e for Muscat
25®35c for Tokay; 30(540c for Cornichon: crates
sell 10515 c higher; Wine Grapes, $24@27 per
ton for Zlnfandel, $20524 for other black and
$15522 for White; second crop Zeinfandel, $22(5
23. _ *
Cantaloupes. 25@50c per crate; Nutmegs, 10®
26c per box. -
Pomegranates, 505"5 c per box.
Winter Pears, 50c@Jl 50 per box.
- Quinces. 75cfffl per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Lemons, ' 75c@$l 50 for
common, and $2@4 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, ' $4(54 50; California Limes, ; Ban
anas, $1 50-&2 60 per bunch; Pineapples, $l®2 jo
per dozen. . -
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
Prunes are 'quoted weaker here and firmer,
with a rising tendency In New. Tork. Other
wise there la nothing new.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, in sacks. 4%c for
40-506, 4%c for 60-608, 3%c for 60-70s, 3%c for
70-SOs, Sc for 80-903 and 2%c ' for 90-100s;
Apricots, , lHilSc for Royals, . 12%@16c for
Moorparks and 12@14c for Blenheims; Peaches,
5%®6c for ' Standards, 6%®7c for choice and 7%
®Sc for fancy; peeled Peaches, ; ll®18c: Evapo
rated Apples, . 6®7%c; Sun-dried, 4%®5c per lb;
Nectarines. 7%@Bc per lb for red and B®9o for
white; Pears, 6%®Bc for quarters and B®loc for
halves; Black Figs, 3@4c; White Figs, 6®6%c;
Plums, 6®6%c for -pitted and 1%®2%c for un
pitted. • --•':'.*
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice, 9c; standard, 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb, 8%o; choice. 7%c; standard, 6%c; j
prime, sc; unbleached Sultanas, sc; Seedless,
60-lb boxes, sc; 2-crown loose Muscatels. 5%c;
S-crown. 6%c; 4-crown, ,7c; London Layers,
2-crown, ' $1 60 per box : 3-erown, $1 SO. Fancy
Clusters, • $2 ; Dehesa, $2 60 ; - Imperial, $3. '. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
ln California. •--- ■ - ■■
* NUTS— Chestnuts, -15c; Walnuts. B®9c for
standards,- ' and-' 9%®10c -for. softshell; Al
monds. 10%® 12% c for paper-shell. 9®loc for
soft and 4®sc for hard-shell; Peanuts, 5%(g;6%c
for Eastern, and. 6c for California: Brazil
Nuts, . &%®9c ; Filberts. 11011 %c; Pecans, 7%®
8c; Cocoanuts, $4 50®5.
HONET— ll%c for bright and 10% c for
light amber; water .white extracted. 7%®7%c;
light amber extracted, 6%®7c; dark, 6%0 per
lb;'--*-'--*.-—-----'-- ■*■ •- - ,
7 BEESWAX— , per lb. - '
Provisions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9o per lb for heavy,
»%01Oc for light medium, ll%c for light, 13c for
extra light and 13%c '. for, sugar-cured; * Eastern
■■■-..,- - * ■■■--■.
sugar-cured Hams, 14c; California Hams, 13% c;
Mess - Beef, $11 per bbl; extra Mess, $12 50;
Family. $14; extra Prime Pork, $12 60; extra
clear, $16 50; mess, $15@15 50; Smoked Beef, 12c
per lb.
LARD— quoted at 6®«%e . per lb for
compound and ?%c for pure; half barrels, pure,
8c; 10-Ib tins, B%c; 5-lb tins, 9c.
COTTOLENE— 7%®7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
j HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
I about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
j steers, ll®ll%c: medium, 10%; light. 9%c; Cow
: hides, 9%®10c; Stags, 6%@7%c; Salted Kip,
'■ B%c; Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, sound, 17c; culls and
I brands, 13c; Dry Klp and Veal, 15%®16c; Dry
| Calf, 17@18c; Sheepskins. yearlings. 20@30c
I each; short Wool, 35-Jf6oc each; medium. 70*9
I 90c! long Wool. 90e&$l 10 each; Horse Hides,
, salt, $2*?T3 for large and $1 25®1 50 for small;
: Colts, 25®50c. - --■
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 5%@5%c per lb;
No. 2, 4%@5c; reflnedf '. grease, 3%c. :KZ- %■*■
WOOL—.
Fall Clip— San Joaquin plains. 7%@9c: South
ern, 7@loc; Middle County, lC®l2%c; Humboldt
and Mendocino, 15>-jXl6c; Eastern Oregon, lKglSc;
Valley Oregon, - 15@18c: Northern Mountain)
free, 110130; Northern Mountain, defective, Le®
lie per lb.
HOPB-?®l2c per lb.
- San Francisco Meat Market.
BEEF— 7@>7%c per lb for Steers and 6%®7c
for Cowa -,X: y^XX;-y .-J.T/'-'Ar
VEAL— per lb. :• \ -.*- \ j.-" W Wt"
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%@Bc; Ewes, 7®7%c
per lb. ■ , . :
LAMB-Sprlng, '7%@B%c per lb. • ■-.-.;
PORK— Live Hogs, 5%c for small. 5%®5%0
for medium and 5-as'ic for large; stock Hogs
and Feeders, 6c; dressed Hogs, 7@B%c.
s General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7@7%c; Wool
Bags, 2S@3oc; Fruit Bags, 6c, 6%c and 6%c for
the three grades of white and 7%c for bleached
Jute.
Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington. $8; Southfield Wellington, $7 50; Se
attle, $6; Bryant, $6: Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend.
$7 50; Scotch, $8; Cumberland, $9 50 in bulk and
$10 50 in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$12; Cannel. $8 per ton; Rock Springs and
Castle Gate, $9 60; Coke, $12 per ton ln bulk
and $14 In sacks.
Harrisons' circular says: "During the week
there have been six arrivals of Coal from
Washington, amounting to 13,552 tons; one from
Oregon, 629 tons: two from British Columbia,
: 6791 tons; three from Australia, 7891 tons; one
from Baltimore, 3121 tons; one from Swansea,
1952 tons: total, 33,966 tons. The generous de
liveries this week from different sources will
ease uo all tension for the moment, as some
grades were commencing to run pretty low.
The principal shortage is for fuel adapted for
house uses, which is being forwarded with all
possible dispatch, and all procurable freight
room is being secured for that purpose. All
available tonnage is being pressed Into service,
as we must look to our northern collieries for
fully 90 per cent of our requirements for domes-
tic purposes. Consumers may well feel grati
fied that our producers have not availed them-
selves of the opportunity now offering to ad-
vance prices 10 to 20 per cent. So far they
have shown no disposition to do so, which is
most meritorious.
1 "So long as Honolulu ls willing to pay the pre-
vailing freight rates on coal from Australia
Just so long will our loading list In the Colonies
be very slim. The ruling values for Colonial
fuel here will debar our Importers from ship
ping, as they cannot cover themselves. If the
Hawaiian Islands were out of the market there
would be an Immense Influx here of Australian
coal, as present outward grain freights would
Induce coal carriers to seek this port."
SUGAR— The Western Sugar . Refining Com-
pany quotes, terms net cash. In 100-Ib bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6%c; Pow
dered. 5%c; Candy Granulated, sc; Dry Granu
lated. 4%c; Confectioners' . A. 4%c; California
A, — . Magnolia A, 4%c; Extra C, 4%c; Golden
C, 4%c; barrels. l-16c more; half barrels, %c
more; .boxes, %c more: 50-lb bags, %c more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent. Dominoes, half barrels, 6%c; boxes,
5%c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY, OCTOBER 28.
Flour, qr sks.... 13,227 Straw, tone 8
Wheat, ctls 3,895 Hay, tons 338
Barley, ctls 6,400 Broomcorn, bdls. 125
Oats, ctls 3,160 Pelts, bd15....... 231
Butter, ctls 117 Hides, No 723
Cheese, ctls 59 Eggs, doz 4,440
Tallow, ctls 320 Raisins. .bxs 1,298
Beans, sks. 6,124 Sugar, bbls 207
Potatoes, sks 10,595 Quicksilver, flask 1
Onions, sks 652 Wool, bags 389
Bran, sks 1,537 Leather, r0115.... 178
Middlings, sks... 1,080 Wine, gals 42,700
Mustard, sks 425 Brandy, gals 6,390
Hops, ba1e5....... 151 Lime, bbls 423
A
THE STOCK MARKET.
-v cc»
There was considerable activity In securities
yesterday. Hana Plantation opened at $11%
and ran down to $11. Contra Costa water was
firmer at $70%@71%. and Oceanic Steamship at
$88%.
A dividend of 35c per share was paid on the
27th by the Red Men's Hall Association.
The Oceanic Steamship Company will pay
a dividend of 50c per share on the lst.
The American District Telegraph Company
has declared a quarterly dividend of 1 per
cent, payable November 15, to holders of record
November 4.
The Mutual Electric Light Company has de
clared its second dividend of 8c per share, pay
able November 6. ..-.;,.-;.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAT, Oct. 28—12 m.
Bid.Ask. I Bid.Ask.
U S Bonds— I Mutual EI Co. 14 —
4s quar coup.. — — OG L & H.... 47% 48%
4s quar reg.... — I — Pac Gas Imp.. — 63
4s quar new... — 131% Pac Light Co.. 41 -
3s quar coup.. — 108% S FG St E.... 61 $1%
Miscellaneous— San Fran...... 3% 3%
Cal-st Cab 55. 117 — Stockton .Gas.. 12 —
C C Wat 55...107%109% Insurance— *
Ed L & P 65. 130 — Firem's Fund.22o —
F& Cl Ry 68.115 — 1 Bank Stocks—
Geary-st R ss. — 96 'Anglo-Cal ..... 85 —
H C& S 5%5..107% — Bank of Ca1.. .407 — :
L A Ry 65.... 105% — Cal SD & T.. — — •
L A LCo 65.. 99 — | First National — 245
Do gtnd 65.. 99 — j Lon P & A.... — 133
Do gtnd 55..— — I Mer Ex — , 16
LA& P R 55.104 — Nev Nat 8k...183%190
Market-st 65.. — 129 . Savings Banks-*
Do lst M 51. .116 — ; Ger S & L...1700 —
NCN G R 78.112 — 'Hum S & L..1050 1160
N Rof Cal C 5.114 — j Mut Say 8k..: 39 42%
N Rof Cal 58.113 — [8 F Say U...500 —
NPC R R 6s. 105 108 ! Say & L So.. — 82%
NPC R R 53.107 108 Sec Say Bk.. — $10
N Cal R R 55. 11 l — J Union T C 0. .1400 1440
O G L & H 6s. 103 110 • Street Railroads —
Oak Tran 65... 112 113 i California ....121 124
Om C Ry 65.. .126% — Geary .." 50 —
P& Cl Ry 6s. 107 108 i Market-st 62% —
Pk &O Ry 68.115 — Oak 8L& H. — 50
Powell-st R6s — 122 i Presidio ....... 25 20
Sac EI G&RS3. —'-■— i Powder— •
8 F & N P 55.114%115 | California ....155 170
SF & S JV65.115%115% E Dynamite... 85 95
SRy of Cal6s.loS',4Ho Giant Con Co.. 83% 84
SPof A ...112% — Vigorit ........ 2% 2%
S P C 65(1905). — — i Sugar—
s'. P C 19061. 11 l — Hana P C 0.... 10% 11%
SPC 6s( 1912). 118% — Haw C&S Co 95% 97
SPCIs eg 65.104 — " Honokaa 8 Co. 34% 35
SP Br 65. .....122 — Hutch S P Co. 28% 29%
S V Wat 65....H3%114 Kllauea S Co.. 25 30
B V Wat 45....103%104% Makaweli SCo 49 49%
S V W4s(Sdm).lol% — Onomea ; 8 Co. 38% —
Stktn Gas 65.. — — j Paauhau S Co. 85 35%
Water Stocks— ! Miscellaneous
Contra Costa..' 71% 72 Al Pack A55n.118%119%
Marin County. 50 — Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Spring Valley. lol%lol% Jceanic S Co. 84% 89%
Gas and Electric— Pac A F A.... 1% —
Cent Gas Co.. — — I Pac C Bor C 0.145 —
Cent L St P... 6% — 'Par Paint Co.. 8% —
Equit G L Co. 6% 6% , 2yXX.2 y y
Morning Session.
Board—
10 Contra Costa Water 70 75
60 Contra Costa Water ......; 71 00
20 Contra Costa Water 71 37%
65 Contra Costa Water 71 60
160 Equitable Gas 5 50
10 Hana Plantation Co 11 75
10 Hana Plantation Co :..:...... H 50
60 Hana Plantation Co U 25
50 Hana Plantation Co. a 90 1100
800 Hana Plantation Co H 00
410 Honokaa Sugar Co 34 75
135 Hutchinson 8 P Co 29 00
20 Makaweli Sugar Co. 49 00
40 Oceanic S S Co — ...? 83 25
10 Onomea Sugar Co 38 SO
5 Paauhau S P C 0.........'.... 35 25
16 8 F Gas & Electric C 0...... 61 00
$4000 S F & N P Ry bonds 114 75
60 Vigorit Powder 2 75
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
. BOARD.
Morning Session. Z:' ."*\
Board—
10 Contra Costa Water 70 62%
10 Contra Costa Water 70 50
$2000 Cal St Cable 55.............. 118 00
50 Equitable .Gas "... 575
25 Hana Plantation Co 12 00
50 Paauhau Sugar Co ................... 35 00 '
15 Spring Valley Water ............... ioi 37%
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session. ' ■
Board—
500 Tidal Wave 2 50
300 Northfield ...:...: 75
100 Northfield 80
300 Equitable *..* 1 05
100 Kings County Oil C 0.......*............ 2 00
600 Barker Ranch Oil Co 1 00
500 Century Oil Co , * 60
250 Century Oil Co 65
100 Eagle ... — ..* 40
100 Fresno & San Benito... 60
Street— -
60 Tidal Wave .......'. 2 90
200 San Joaquin O & D C 0..:........ 1 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE/
. Morning . Session. ; V
.Board— *_ '-.
1 tenth Home Oil Co at $4900 per share. ■
100 Pennsylvania Consolidated ..........100
AUCTION SALES
: -  - —
AUCTION SALE.
&* &* £&
MONDAT. Oct.- 30. at 11 o'clock "■} X.
I Will Sell at BRICkER'S SALE TARD,
VALENCIA AND HERMANN STS.,
VALENCIA AND HERMANN STS.,
Fifty head of horses suitable. for all purposea
-•'■*■■'■-'--■■' ' S. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
AUCTION SALE!
■«&***** @& ___, ' ___*
ORMOND SALE STABLE.
'.-;-, 1517 MISSION STREET.
. „ TUESDAY. Oct. 31, at 11 o'clock,
I will sell 40 head of choice young Horses direct
from the country- I will be pleased to show
the above stock in harness any time up to day
of »ale, S. WATKINS, Auctioneer.
AUCTION SALE OF HORSES
fe> fei * -fc*
FORTT HEAD OF CHOICE HORSES, Well
Broke.
Several flne Saddle Horses and two Polo
Ponies. Any kind of a Horse you want. Horses
suitable for GROCERY. BUTCHER and MILK
WAGONS, Light and Heavy Roadsters, • two
Heavy Teams— in fact, any kind of a horse you
want. * -- -*•■ •:
SALE TUESDAT, Oct. 31, 1899, 10 a m.,
At the ALAMEDA SALE AND TRAINING
STABLES,
CORNER ST. CHARLES ST. and EAGLE
AYE. Get off at Bay-st. Station, Alameda.
J. M. NELSON. Manager.
AUCTION SALE
100 Head of Horses,
Which Must Be Sold Without Reserve,
Comprising
STANDARD BRED TROTTERS,
ROADSTERS. CARRIAGE HORSES,
And many others Suitable for All Kinds of
-xv Tx- - W0rk. ...... .„':.;;:-.
The Property of DAN McCARTT.
At IO a. m.,
THURSDAY Not. 2, 1899
At Corner FIFTEENTH and VALENCIA STS.
Horses now on premises. Pedigrees fur-
nished at Sale. " *■
100 San Luis 11%
25 Shamrock 2 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales ln the San Francisoo
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
. Morning Session.
800 Best & Belcher 51 100 Savage IS
100 Crown Point... 13 300 Tellow Jacket. 23
Following were the sales ln the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
. Morning Session.
1000 Con Cal & Val 67%' 200 Ophir :... . 75
150 Gould & Curry. 82 200 Sierra Nevada. 64
500 Kentuck 03 . 200 Sierra Nevada. 53
200 Mexican 24
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
- SATURDAT, Oct. 28—13 m.
Bld.Ask.-i >.-■." Bid.Ask.
Alpha 03 04 Kentuck 02 03
Alta ............ OS 04 Lady Wash.... — 03
Andes 08 09 Mexican 24 25
Belcher — 33 Occidental 14 16
Best & Belcher 50 52; Ophir 74 73
Bullion '07 09 Overman 15-16
Caledonia 54 —Potosi 37 39
Chollar 28 80 ; Savage IS 19
Challenge Con. 24 26 Scorpion 02 —
Confidence ..-.-.. 70 75 Seg Belcher.... 01 C 2
Con Cal & Va..l 65 110 Sierra Nevada. 53 53
Con Imperial.. — 01 Silver Hi 11..... — 03
Crown Point... 13 14 Standard 80 —
Exchequer .... 01 02 St Louis.'. — 06
Gould & Curry. 31 33 Syndicate — 06
Hale & N0r.... 31 32! Union Con 33 34
Julia — 02 Utah 09 10
Justice 02 04 'Tellow Jacket. 22 23
Sun, 'Moon and Tide.
United States • Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high .and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) ' about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
NOTE— the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of * occurrence as to time. ■ The
second .time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes- occurs. The heights
given are In . addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height.
and then the number given ls subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
" " ■
Steamer Movements* - t
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
j\vnc Ball,
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N.. Mer-
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
October 1899. - :'X ■
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I c. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock 0. m., Greenwich time.
ociock v . C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N., In charge.
Weather Forecast for November.
' Forecast of wind and weather In the North
Pacific Ocean for November, 1898:
Area of low barometer— The prevailing west-
Continued on Page Eighteen.
1920
WHAT ST, LOUIS
REALLY SEEKS
TO ACCOMPLISH
Coast's Birthright in
Danger.
— »
SITUATION WELL DESCRIBED
SITUATION WELL DESCRIBED
,
TRAFFIC MANAGER LOVELAND
TRAFFIC MANAGER LOVELAND
GIVES FACTS.
«
Jobbers of Middle West Hope to Get
a Decision That Will Destroy
the Advantages of Geo-
graphical Position.
The representatives of the Pacific Coast
Jobbers' and Manufacturers' Association
who are lo go to St. Louis to light out
the battle before the Interstate Commerce
Commission tor the trade of the -Pacific
Coast will leave this city on November 7.
In the meantime there is a vast amount
of work to do and Traffic Manager Love
land and Attorney Pillsbury are in fre
quent conference. The contest in behalf
of the Pacific Coast will be made upon
broad general principles. It is evident that
the geographical position of the Paciflc
Coast entitles lt to receive rates based
upon the tea competition. So much inter
est has been taken In the rate question re
cently that Traffic -Manager Loveland was
interviewed upon the principles that con
trol the situation.
"The trouble with the Jobbers of the
Middle West," said Mr. Loveland, "is that
they do not recognize the handwriting on
the wall that points to the fact that the
tendency of the age Is to localize jobbing.
There Ib a law of compensation as well
as localization and the trade which New-
York and San Francisco have lost by tne
building up of other jobbing centers has
been in large measure compensated tor by
the Increase in population of territory
naturally their own.
"St. Louis, Chicago and other jobbing
centers are not even asked to surrender
the territory that was once their own.
On the contrary, that which made it pos
sible to build up the jobbing centers on
this coast justifies our right to remain
Jobbing centers owing to our geographical
ocation. We are accessible to a highway
made by a higher power than man by
which our merchant marine can land at
our doors the products of all climes and
countries. We in turn distribute these
products to our agricultural sections and
mining regions with whose upbuilding and
prosperity our jobbing centers have ever
been and are -sb closely Identified. By
this same geographical location we also
Justify the railroads in giving us rates
and differentials to which our friends of
the Middle West strongly object. How-
can the transcontinental roads expect to
get our business except by giving us rates
that, when quickness of delivery, liability
to damage, etc., are considered, will en-
able to compete with ocean carriers?
"We were sea shippers before the rail
roads reached the coast. We are still sea
shippers and will be more so should the
time come when transcontinental roads
are bo short-sighted as to lend their aid
to the scheme of the Middle West to rob
us of our natural geographical advan
tage. Chicago and St. Louis cannot say
that they have based rates upon water
competition. Therefore they are, geo
graphically, at a disadvantage.
"We admit freely that we would not
enjoy the rates and differentials that we
have now if we were not located on the
coast. Just as frankly we say that as
we are so located the railroads must
grant us those rates, differentials, etc.. in
order to secure our business. Existing
conditions with reference to rates, differ-
entials and groupings have been brought
about hy natural adjustment. St. Louis
asks that all this shall now be changed.
Why? Simply because she wishes to do
business In this territory and is not geo-
graphically located to do so."
The Interstate Commerce Commission
will meet at St. Louis November 13.
SALARIES TO BE PAID.
Treasurer Truman Makes a Very
Welcome Announcement.
At last the Treasurer has made a defi
nite announcement regarding teachers'
salaries and all of the pedagogues axe
.guaranteed Christmas money galore. Sep
tember salaries will be paid on November
B; October salaries on November 10. Stat
utory salaries drawn on the general fund
will be paid on the first day of the month.
All of the cash needed Ib. or will be on
hand, thanks to the unprecedented
amount of taxes already paid In to Tax
Collector Sheehan, and no further salary
difficulties are likely to arise during the
present administration.
BURGLARS BREAK WINDOWS.
Four Young Men Arrested Early
Yesterday Morning . Charged
With Attempt at Burglary.
Two cases of alleged attempts to com
mit burglary by the same process the
breaking of a window and each com
mitted by two young men. occurred early
yesterday morning. About 2 o'clock Po
liceman McQualde heard the smashing of
glass at the corner of Sixth and Howard I
streets, and on investigating he discov-
fired the front window of Richard Had
ler's grocery broken. He found two young
men— Harry Cushman and James Kellen— '
hiding ln the doorway of the adjoining !
house. He placed them under arrest and
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pimples
Pimples
Are more than a disfigurement of the
•kin; they are a handicap to a young
man, alike in love and business. The
pimply face looks dissipated and both
merchant and maiden look askance at
the unfortunate fellow whose face is his
misfortune. An al- ■» __^^_^_
most certain cure __^*%F*L.
for pimples and n**ffi-«SJa
similar disfiguring Sk"**? f7
Discovery. It pur- /^2sZ?(*i \__Wt
ifies the' blood of $P&3&JWffii
the corrupting £%^ife\ Wg|i
cause of ordinary I^^^^ \js&!
eruptive diseases, £^^W^A.\^^-pf
cleanses the skin ***^^p& y~N?l
and builds up the ,^/y-Jj^^J^f^,
body with sound ~^j-f^^^^^^
wholesome flesh. J^. -^N^y^S^^^
tains neither aleo i^ir^WWf^^^^^-Wk
hol nor narcotic?. Sill/^f-M^BM^K
with your medicines," yjfcW jl^^^^^W'^'
these leit the skin wlla
peeled otf. I took six iM®
Medical Discovery,'
nnd two of Doctor /^Sr^
Pierces Pellets, and WSr _
im^dSSd^U. I have a good appetite, but
L^&E& \ Lave a good appetite, but
Ke I commenced treatment I had appetite
it all MV eves were sunken and ray face was
"„le I'had'pimples and brown spots on mv
Face N'"w these are all gone. I have used
lace. ?«]* ;JX_ .jir:n<.= but received no bene-
£anyi£t %1 webbed one hnndred and
fS£slJßS;St£S£tldßSof&dld.e:-
- S&SltfS ufe SKt kl.I of Medicine."
Dr Pierces Medical Adviser sent free
Dr Pierces Medical Adviser sent free
on receipt of stamps to pay expense of
■mailfne only. Send SI one-cent stamps
Sr bcS in paper covers, or 3 1 stamps for
cloth, to DrtXv. Pierce, Buffalo, N.Y.
booked them at the City Prison on the
charge of attempt at burglary. They ap
peared before Judge Mogan . yesterday
morning and the cases were continued till
to-morrow.
About 6 o'clock Policemen O'Keefe and
Gibbons heard the smashing of glass and
noticed two young men running Into the
door of a lodging-house adjoining the
store of Joe Pohelm. tailor, 1110 Market
street. They discovered that a pane of
glass in one of the side windows at the
entrance of the store had been broken.
The two young men. who gave the names
of Rudolph Buelna and James Lawler.
were arrested and booked on the charge
of attempted burglary, and Lawler had an
additional charge of malicious mischief
placed against him.
CARPENTER DUNSTER KILLED.
Mayor Phelan Blamld for Keeping
a Rotten Ladder on His House
After Being Warned.
Mayor Phelan's neglect of a warning
given by his tenants In the building cor
ner of Thirteenth and Howard streets
was the cause of the death yesterday of
John H. Punster, a carpenter employed
by Robinson & Gillespie.
Some weeks ago the tenants notified
Mayor Phelan's agent, Robert McElroy,
that a ladder nailed to the side of the
house for the purpose of allowing me-
chanics to reach the roof to make re-
pairs, was rotten and that the cleats
would not bear the weight of a man. No
attention was paid to the complaint, and
yesterday morning Mr. Dunster ascended
! the ladder to get upon the roof to repair
i a leak caused by broken shingles. He
proceeded cautiously and had reached the
I • top round of the ladder when the cleat
gave way and he was hurled to the
: ground, about fifty feet.
The unfortunate man struck upon the
top of, his head and received Injuries
j which caused his death before the ambu
: lance reached the hospital. The body was
taken to the Morgue and an inquest will
. be held to fix the blame.
Dunster was a member of Rising Star
i Lodge of Odd Fellows and Valley Lodge
No. 30.A. O. U. W. He leaves three chil
[ dren, Frank J.. Thomas E. and Irene M.
; Dunster, to whom he had assigned his
life Insurance of $2000 in the order of
Workmen.
NARROW ESCAPE OF THE
TRANSPORT CONEMAUGH
TWO BOAT CREWS OF THE IOWA
TO RACE TO-DAY.
Schooner Charles E. Falk Disabled at
Eureka — Off for Central
America First Ship for
Manchester Sails.
The transport Conemaugh was to have
sailed for Manila with a load of horses |
yesterday, but was delayed by what
might have proven to be a serious acci
dent. Some lumber was being taken i
aboard in slings when one of the slings j
broke and the lumber fell ends down
ward Into the hold. Luckily one of the
ballast tanks received the Impact and the
sticks of timber went through it and
saved the ship's hull. Had there been
nothing in the way the lumber would have !
gone through the transport's bottom and j
she would have sunk In her berth. As it
'* the damage can be repaired ln thirty- |
six hours and the vessel will go to sea
to-morrow.
The Harbor Commissioners and the
Postoffice officials held a conference yes
terday over the providing of room for the
Santa Fe Railroad in the new ferry de
pot. The providing of a fourteen-toot
entrance through some of the space now
occupied by the postal authorities was
discussed but- no decision was arrived at.
Two boat crews of the lowa are going
to have a stirring race to-day. There will
be fourteen men and a coxswain in each
boat and $10 an oar has been put up on
the result. The two boats will be towed
from the battleship to. Hunters Point and
from there the men will race back to tne
lowa. The two crews have been practic
ing for over a fortnight and one of the
most exciting contests ever seen on the i
bay should result. The race has grown
out of ihe recent boat drills given the
men and almost every sailor and marine
on the battleship has a dollar on Lie
result.
The schooner Herman arrived from Ko
dlak yesterday with twenty-five bales and
thirteen packages of furs and thirteen
bales of hides for the North American
Commercial Company and 113 barrels of
salmon for the Carmen Island Salt Com
pany.
Mate Harry Dillon of the steamer Emma
had a row with two of the deckhands I
yesterday that resulted in his leaving the i
ship. He gave an order to one of the men j
in regard to removing some potatoes from ■
the wharf and the sailor gave him an Im- j
pudent answer. Dillon attempted to make j
the man do his work and then the two !
deckhands Joined issues and gave t..e
mate a beating. Dillon had only been one i
day on the i-,mma and that experience j
was enough for him. He resigned at once. i
The schooner Charles E. Falk has put j
into Eureka for repairs. She left nere for j
Tacoma, but sprung her foremast head
In a gale. Captain Brown put into i.u
reka for repairs, but as he could not pro
cure a new ati -k will probably load there I
and come back to San Francisco.
The British ship British Isles will sail j
to-day for Manchester with 89,440 centals
of barley, valued at $76,552. and 9453 cen
tals of barley, valued at $10,398. This ls
the first cargo that has ever left San
Francisco for Manchester. The town ls
connected with the ' river Mersey by a
canal.
The Peru sailed for Central American !
ports yesterday. The second -'officer re
mained ashore and Third Officer Stewart
took his place. C. Nutting, formerly of |
the transport Warren, went out as third j
officer.
DR. HILL'S BUGGY ROBE.
The Coroner Overhauled a Thief Who
Wa6 Running Away With It.
Wa6 Running Away With It.
While Coroner Hill was conversing with
his deputies and two sympathizing friends I
yesterday morning in the office on Mer- ,
chant street concerning the new charter j
his attention was attracted by the watch
man of the new municipal building across j
the alley, who shouted that a man was |
stealing the buggy robe out of the doc- j
tor's buggy. Dr. Hill went downstairs
three steps at a time, followed by Deputy '
Sullivan, also a heavy-weight.
The Coroner chased the thief down the
street, and when the Coroner's horse saw i
him going in the direction of Gibbs' sa- ;
loon the well-trained animal made a mad ■
rush for the same locality, determined j
that the doctor should not break the rec- j
ord and lose him on that kind of warpath.
Deputy Sullivan had just hoisted himself ;
Into the buggy to assist In the chase as a
cavalryman or artilleryman and the horse !
ran away with him after the doctor for
about half a block.
The Coroner was handicapped by con- I
siderable surplus Weight ln the vicinity
of his waist,. but succeeded ln catching his
man about a. hundred yards up Montgom- ;
cry street, and handed him over to a pa
trolman from the California-street police
station. The prisoner was charged with
petty larceny. He gave the name of Philip
Purge and said that he was a discharged !
private of the Twenty-third Regiment of
United States Volunteers. He is evidently
a victim bf the opium habit.
■■■* - — — — ■ ♦ ■
Where Water Is Valuable.
The Vineyard* lrrigation District, a cor- !
poration, sued the Azusa Irrigation Com- I
pany et al. to restrain them from appro- |
i priating and diverting the waters of the
; subterranean flow of the San Gabriel ;
! river, in Los Angeles County. The flow of i
; the river, below its gravelly bed, Is of j
great volume, and ls brought into the sur- |
face canals and ditches by means of tun- i
• nels. The defendants, in making answer,
asserted a right to all of the waters of the
river, prior and superior to that of the '
'■ plaintiffs. They also, by cross-complaint,
i sought to restrain the plaintiffs from fur- I
| ther taking the waters of the stream.
ln the lower court the priority of de- i
: fendants' claims was established and their
' prayer. granted. The Supreme Court yes- ;
1 terday affirmed this judgment and order. I
Dr. O'Donnell Strictly In It.
Dr. C. C. O'Donnell has entirely re
covered from a bad spell of sickness and
has Inaugurated a spirited campaign for
Coroner. Every good citizen should vote
for Dr. O'Donnell, as he was the founder
of the public Morgue and should be the
first Coroner to occupy the new- Morgue
building. ;,*;, *
Yesterday's Insolvent.
Joseph Rogers, farmer arid butter
maker at Freeport, Sacramento County,
53G43: no assets.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 29, 1899.
NEGLECTED WIFE
WILL SUE FOR
A RECOMPENSE
C. Mueller's Double
Life.
DIED IN AN INSANE ASYLUM
COUPLE WERE SEPARATED BUT
NOT DIVORCED.
NOT DIVORCED.
For Fifteen Years the Dead Man and
Mrs. Lena Gehrels Maintained
a Lucrative Business Co-
partnership.
partnership.
Charles Mueller and his wife agreed to ,
an amicable separation three months ago ,
'and the wife did not see her husband
again until last Wednesday afternoon,
when she found him lying dead In an un
| dertaking parlor on Mission street. She
j saw the notice of his death ln The Call ■
I and arrived at the parlors just ten mm- ;
i utes before he was taken out to be burled.
A few weeks after the separation Muel
ler, who had shown erratic tendencies for ;
j several years, was committed to the Napa ,
! Insane Asylum, where he died on October I
22. Now the wife will begin proceedings i
through her attorney for several hundred
dollars which the deceased had on deposit
ln the Hlbernia Bank and some valuable I
Jewelry which Is alleged to be ln posses- j
sion of Mrs. Lena Gehrels, for whom
Muelier had neglected his wife during the ■
past fifteen years.
Mueller was well known in the down-
town business section, having kept a
saloon and restaurant at 120 California
street up to two years ago. It is said that
Mrs. Gehrels started tne business with
him and invested $3000 which she received
as insurance on her husband's life. The
business prospered and In 1890 Mueller
loaned Mrs. Gehrels $6000 to build four
fiats on Filbert street. The money. It is
understood, has since been repaid. Mrs.
Gehrels lived in the lower flat at 927 Fil
bert street with her two daughters, while
Mueller and his wife occupied the upper
flat.
Gossips say that Mueller was more at
tentive to Mrs. Gehrels than to his own
wife, and this is corroborated by Mrs.
Mueller herself. She states that while
Mueller was lavishing money on Mrs.
Gehrels she was sadly neglected, and af-
fairs in the two households became so un
bearable that she was obliged to move
around the corner on Jones street. Muel
ler then gave his wife but $30 a month out
of which she had to pay $20 for rent. Mrs.
Gehrels is said to have acquired a for
tune of over $30,000 on her original Invest-
ment of $3000 in the business with Mueller.
When Mueller and * his wife separated
she received $700 ln cash and part of the
household furniture, while he got $2200.
It is the remainder of this money, if there
be any, and the jewelry which he pos
sessed at the time of his death that Mrs.
Mueller seeks to obtain, and lf she has
not waived her rights by reason of the
articles of separation her attorney, Sam
uel Rosenheim, will apply for letters of
administration on behalf of the wife.
DIVORCE IS GRANTED
MRS. LOUISA PETTUS
DESERTION GROUND NAMED IN
THE DECREE
She Receives Her Share of the Com-
munity Property and the Cus-
tody of the Daughters.
Mrs. Louisa E. Pettus has been granted ;
a divorce from Thomas «.. Pettus, the j
well-known contractor, on the ground Of
desertion. Mrs. Pettus was granted the
custody of her minor children. Alia L. j
and Esther J. Pettus. WW-
In her complaint for divorce Mrs. Pet- !
tvs sets forth that she married Mr. Pet- i
tvs in St. Louis May 26, 1881. On August j
1 of last year, she alleged, he deserted her |
and for this cause she asked a divorce !
and half the community property. By ;
the terms of the decree, signed by Judge j
Dalngerfi-eld, Mrs. Pettus Is awarded per- .
manent alimony In the sum of $100 a |
month, the net Income of property on the I
north line of Pine street. 173 feet easterly
from Larkin street, having a frontage of
42 feet, and her husband agrees to convey j
the property to her under the provision
that if he faithfully performs all agree
ments entered into with Mrs. Pettus that
she will will the property to her children, j
Mr. Pettus further agrees to keep his life
Insured for the sum of $7000 for the benefit '
of his children. Mrs. Pettus has accepted j
the provisions of the decree and has re
leased all her claims to other properties
belonging to the defendant.
Chas. A- Low, candidate for Police Judge*
BENEFIT TO CADETS.
Young Men of St. Brendan's Enter-
tain for Company H, League
of the Cross.
The young men of St. Brendan's parish
gave their first entertainment and dance at
Native Sons' Hall last night. The enter
tainment was for the benefit of Company
M, League of the Cross Cadets, and the
hall was tastefully decorated with the
company colors, blue and white.
A large audlenece listened to the open
ing remarks of Chairman James Power,
SERVICES THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES.
First Baptist. Y. M. C. A., Mason ' and , Morning— "The ABC of Christianity.
Ellis streets— Rev. E. A. Woods. Evening— '•Religious Condition of the Phll-
;..... C:|VV ipplnes," by Chaplain . Knudson, First
Washington Volunteers.
Hamilton Square Baptist, Post street, near Morning— "The New Testament Church—
Steiner— Rev. W. C. Jenkins. -(.,' Constitution." Evening— Sermon and bap-
tism.
Emmanuel Baptist, . Bartlett street, near Morning— "The Weary Christ." Evening—
Twenty-fifth— Rev. J. George Gibson. "The Everlasting Christ."
St. Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue and Morning— Solemn mass at 10:30 and sermon
O'Farrell street— Rev. Father Prender- by one of the Fathers. Evening—
gast. V. G. and sermon.
St. Ignatius, Van Ness avenue and Hayes 'Morning— Solemn high mass at 10:30; ser-
street— Jesuit Fathers. mon by Father Frelden. Evening— Ves-
— — — ' • pers and sermon by Rev. Father Woods.
St. Francis. Vallejo street and New Mont- — 1 ■
gomery avenue— Rev. Father T. Caraher. Morning— Solemn high mass at 11 o'clock;
sermon by Father Caraher. Evening—
— — ■ 1 Vespers.
St. Mary's, California and Dopont streets !
Paullst Fathers. Morning— Solemn mass at 11 o'clock; ser-
mon by Rev. Father Wyman. Evening—
__________________________ Vespers and sermon by one of the Fathers.
First Christian, Twelfth street, near Mis- ; ■ ' • :
slon— Rev. F. S. Ford. Morning— "Pure Religion." Evening—
"Righteousness, Temperance and Judg-
_ ment." '"■*-■: :•..*.••-= •'t/. ;..-
Richmond Congregational, corner Seventh — . : : — — —
avenue and Clement street— Rev. Philip Morning— Sermon and prayer. Afternoon—
Coombe. Sermon by Rev. L. D. Bevan, D.D.,
:<•:; : ——..IX, of Melbourne, Australia. • Even-
— Ing— Usual services. •■■■■■■■>■ :i:l".
Third Congregational, Fifteenth street, near ! —
Mission— William Rader. < -.; .-...; -;?"\ . Morning— Rev. J. B. Sllcox'of Sacramento
' ; will preach. ( Evening— by pastor.
Olivet Congregational, Seventeenth and Noe Morning— "Heart and Hand." Evening—
streets— Rev. H. T. Shepard. "Winter Work." -
First Congregational, corner Post and Morning— "The Glory of the Pioneer."
Mason streets— George C. Adams. j Evening— Rev. G. A. Jasper will preach;
:,*--.'■•; .<..-V:v! -_»•-'' l theme, "Five Years Among the Red-
i'-l\7.-j . woods." ■■; ....'.. ... ... ,:v^-.-.> r*.
Trinity, Bush and Gough streets— Rev. H. Morning— Right Rev. Bishop Moreland of
P. Hanson. . . -Sacramento will preach. Evening Same.
St. Luke's, Van Ness avenue, and Clay Morning— Sermon by the rector. Evening—
street— Rev. D. C. Garrett. Same. . '..V :"';.-. VfS'.;
Church of the Advent. Eleventh street, near Morning— Sermon by the rector. Evening-
Market— Rev. Dr. Parrish. . . Same. :• '~"K-
St. Alban's (Episcopal). Golden Gate Hall, Morning— Sermon by the rector. •
625 Sutter street.
A. M. E. Zlon, 805 Stockton street— T. Morning— "Loving One's Enemies." 'Even-
Brown. > • ' Ing— "Job's Hedge . of Protection and the
Christian's Safeguard." • '"..*■-•/-■
" — ttqlo'o ' Hales.
Hales. | ! J^ltt I ™~™
I Apeep into g#^^^
Apeep into
jtfmld\ Down where the Dolls hold Levee among thej
)_WrW\l\ Down where the Dolls hold Levee amons the !
MV Si ' ElveS and GnGmes of the Lower Regions ; where Pigmy j
M/m\ I ' Elves and Gnomes of the Lower Regions ; where Pigmy j
_\%L Sr\\\ -Sprites from Other dress Soods cloaks and suits I
fMLXJ Worlds mingle with =PglSf t
PO Worlds mingle with 'Ss'llSf:! Sf^^SS
Jf]\\ Giant Man of Earth. *-•"«•«■!": ':
wim Giant Man of Earth- tered effects that have become so msmm^
M / I A / tered effects that have become so -2£&')A*t cloth Jackets in
I / \ ■ // ' thp rhilHrpn arp invifprl tn noil- popular; a very bright and silky fin- -&<£§■£ new' castor color,
I f / \ jf Ine cniiuren are invitea tO uon- fsh^and superior dye, 40 inches wide, ¥vM& % silk lined, 4-but-
-1 \ \;/ d°m' with its myriads of bisque a yard- I^® br°e^tedd°?ronts;
1 M*// dolls, china dolls, wood dolls, kid fancy silks VW ■ ■ 'SSrinttavSJ?::i?S
I ViH / dolls, dolls for a dollar and dolls fcr- nefrfTi.SshSsTan^^^^^ gooa"s S isSr\ each" *££**
I J) }\- .a dime, American dolls, German 7fsacTvasrhdlrt walsts; 20 inches wlde' Lf( jM
1 X^V//\\ dolls' French dolls, Filipino dolls, „^snl^^?^!Sr!pSs , 11/ X\ MlB
I (r/^yi\ dolls that you can't break, and dolls JSeS.^""l^ 19 tache" MtfeWV W9
I > (\f--0 ) that are almost human. ia?s^els?fis,!&erwS:.lsps "v*^ v 7%L
I / ))\ -^ doll hospital close by, where a ;?ye ?iw,fhaadye£: a very superior Qual' 7 7^=3% 1
U< J kind doctor mends broken heads notions ciSh ST jJSSS / .T^\
I VV ; kind doCtor mends broken heads notions ciSht^jalfS /J^TVI
g \) J and dislocated limbs free of charge. 1% inch corduroy skirt binding, a fnk llnef- ,6lhb,u!" v\\\°f I
\\ J and dislocated limbs free of charge. 1% inch corduroy skirt binding, a ?ilk line.d* 6 ,b.ut- V Vv\° f )
I / _^ good serviceable article in black and to n, a o "Die- XJVJ \ (L/ g
I ( / ' colors, 3%c a yard. ' ,n b,ack and WWtu S?°ft N&^j V 1
I (\ doll IfUPni«?hin6<2 45-yd. spools 8-ply mending cotton, i»jest . tail , cut, a X^JJ |
f ■$ doll furnishings brown, tan, white, drab and black, 2c $12 jacket *$8 f6^ ■
' rattan doll buggy, ■ with parasol. a spool. each- See cut- tt
a . . , 1 , . steel wheels of 8 and 10 double spokes 200 enameled stocking darners on great value In furs— flne black I
TPingC tPimmingS $1.50 center tables, at 2c each. and stone marten opossum scarfs, SB
silk fringe for skirt drapes the pop- doll's go-cart, 8-inch steel wheels, 150 doz. white peart buttons, lines tails, and 2 heads; excellent; value, 1.
ular article now 3 Inches deep, in 45c. ""■2\:X2-y 28 and 30, 9c a dozen. $3.50 each. 15 best quality electric!
black only 50c and 75c a yard, very - doll's high chair, 25c. pompadour combs for dressing hair I seal, 10 inch collarettes, finely lined, ■
heavy double knotted silk fringe 3% ; doll's rocking chair, 25c. full all around; studded with rhine- | regular value, $7.50, for $5 each- 26 ■
inches wide $1 a yard * doll's extension table, 50c. stones; heavy shell, 8 and 10 inches, j best quality 10-inch astrakhan col- |
pointed fringe 4 inches deep, all | doll's china dishes, $1. 50c and 85c. ■ :;-xy,Z ' XX- ZX I larettes, finely lined with black satin, I
silk, in black only, a very pretty de- :, ' ' ! excellent value, $5 each. |
sign, $2.50 a yard. „ ■ »•■ Vr:rK;;t"*: »•'««« ;?v> • 38 blue, gray and brown mixed che- 1
I fancy graduated silk fringe, plain TOPty TinC liatS 3t lI VC UOllaPS* • vl°t homespun tailor made suits. 6
and chenille combinations, in black «,,,_, _. . _ . , , _ _. . _ i button, double breasted jackets, silk
only $5.50, $6 and $7.50 each fly* dollars is a small price for a good hat; It's the usual starting point ; lined throughout, new skirt lined
all wool fringe for golf capes, in —the very bottom— for trimmed hats of American design; here hats that with best percaline, and velveteen
combination colors to match goods, 3 were *6. *'• *'•*<> and $8 are made at the popular low price of $5. i bound, jacket and skirt tailor strap
inches deep, 50c a yard. # we have taken forty of our fall hats, ■ 29 dozen hat ornaments, consisting | seams, finely tailored; a $15 suit for
m j trimmed in the latest designs and col- of jet, steel and rhinestones..sc to 25c '• $12.50 each.
bPaid tPimmingS I onngs. and reduced them all to one j 300 Fedora hats, trimmed with scarf 86 black cheviot boucle and beaver
•a line of black mohair florence lo\^ce'."'yi"*""^ 'l ii'l"'?? ; and quill, in all the latest colorings- " jackets, finely tailored and perfect
h£ifl VrfmmlnJ that Told for 10? to I £ children's hats, that were $3 to $6. black, brown, gray, navy, royal blu£ fitting, part silk lined, with fly fronts
26c S^var^^-llf'bfplaced on the cen- have likewise been reduced to $2 to $4 I and emerald 50c each 1 and storm collars, 24 inches long; J
ter tables' to-morrow for sale at the : i these jackets were $5 and $7.50 but g
following prices, because lines are „<*.., «ihhnnc rftwc-fc "L °«« thei? out <lulckly. Hale I
somewhat broken- ne\V PIDDOnS COPSCtS price $2.95 each. |
100 yards % and % ln. wide.. sc a yard we show to-morrow for the flrst we carry the most approved makes m . 1
200 yards ?4 and % in. wide 7%c a yard time two new lots of ribbon that we of corsets, and can flt perfectly wo- IIOSICPV I
i 600 yards I^4 in. wide 8 l-3c a yard consider of exceptional value. men of all sizes. ,  , _ *7., , - H
350 yds 1% and 1% in. wide 10c a yard cresco corsets are becoming more w^ ££2ffiSSSRSSi£S^ I
I somewhat broken- neWPIDDOnS COPSetS price $2.95 each.
100 yards % and M> In. wide.. sc a yard we show to-morrow for the flrst we carry the most approved makes
200 yards % and % ln. wide 7^c a yard ] time two new lots of ribbon that we of corsets, and can flt perfectly wo- IIOSICPV
500 yards I^4 in. wide 8 l-3c a yard ! consider of exceptional value. men of all sizes. .. . *>7.,
350 yds 1% and 1% in. wide 10c a yard , 1200 yards of silk fancy taffeta rib- cresco corsetg more Wetgif se^mlesf LTe^st^^douWe
bed n UPnishingS • bon all the latest pastel colorings, nnnnlar every ,hv o7°amecnorsaePtPrtehCit IS2tc%ha?relSsia3fatd°oezSenB,ZeS ™ aouDie I
bed f UPnishingS ■ cord, perslan and hemstitched effects. %£*£* of TcorsT thtt \l%f- Tzen^ ** t0 10>
all wool white blankets of flne se- ;?'ere ™ade to !ell for 45c' ■jf' W6 cannot break at the waist line, being Z^V t^W nVnV M**m y*nß
lected stock, sflk bound, with pink £«$£ thenr .out so we can sell them disconnected in front, and naving Sli^iiiii
andkblue borders, a very excellent %ffi£X& fancy pla^d ribbons. g^lSSffi^^^ SfflS S^^S SBW
b^nk^6 b°rderS' " V6ry eXC6llent "oo" frd^f fancy plaid ribbons. J S^ISSJ. "™"
b,fonxkB?inches, $6 a pair; 72x84 inches, BWSlfaJftkSi ™ '"^ ** "° o^ %l££» ' & " 10'
7teB2 inches. $6 a pair; 72x84 inches, ffiiK^i^" new effects' at so of shape as well as exceptional good gjggfi ?SP"3Jn
of T^V f KW *? ?'" «f% "^ -d bss» three-thread black
WWWvXZ.Jz.XiI -»««ir tio tr. *•?« a feta ribbons, in all the leading shades, nnrl ji -r' ' cotton hose, hard twisted, elastic cot-
extra high grade stock, $12 to $20 a wUh brllllant flnish at the ?ollowlnB and Jl- ' J; ton-"Hales flyer" 6-thread double
ef?high6grade:Stoc^sl2,to,s2o;a^^^^ and $L 75. g
P^n"nn«r« of whUe blankets la.ree Prlces: kid fittng corsets will not stretch knees; sizes 6to 9^, 12^c a pair. $1.3S
piJnr- fl!ra W. whU„ hlnTlkPts l^ee Prlces: i kld fitt,lnß C°r!^S Vll,not StretCh knees; sizes 6to 9%, 12% c a pair. $1.3S
40 pairs of white blankets, large *■ i2_i7/4 inrhPß -wifle iRe vfl ln wearing, retain their newness „ jn,'
double bed size, weight 7 pounds, pink staawrsa^a syp- longer, and ■ flt the form perfectly. a d°"n:. nd ,_• extra hea^ blapk
$Tds ao:irb"rderS' SiZC 76X8° lnCheS> V-& SI iSc^.^ Price, range from 50c to $5. roUof hose^S^or
fsn?s ablnaeirb°rderS' "^ 76XS° lnChCS' *£>* Ses "^ from 5°C t0 coTtoThofe^^r SSSjSgfS
RO natural erav all wool blankets 40— Inches wide, 23c yd. new : french model, kid fitting 4- \ seamless, improved round heels,
i only a few nair of a kind and to we 60~3% !nches wide- 25c yd- - hook clasp' medium waist, side steels, | double knees. 14c a pair. $1.65 a dozen.
S "hem Paslrex°tfra gJod* vafuS. Yt *^* »»<*e. -ld«' .«»? yd. handsomely trimmed at^ top .and hot- misses. d boys' ribbed black cot-
I $4.50. $5.50. $6.25 and $7.75 a pair. **,^M>c» „,a„« In sizes ln black, 18 to ton hose, heavy weight, narrow rib,
150 pairs white crib blankets, all HlCn S WCdP 6[} 51 very elastic, "Hales iron frame
pure wool, with blue borders and silk • men's good quality flannelette night white, drab, blue and pink, 18 to 26. 51 stocking." extra double knees, heels
bound: shirts, cut full size and length in new styles figured W. B. corsets.. s2.so and toes, sizes 6to 9%— exceptional I
8 36x40 inches, $2 a pair; 42x56 inches, every way, flrst-elass garment, 39c latest shapes figured T. B. corsets. .s3 good value, 15c a pair, $1.65 a dozen, g
$3 a pair; 4Sx6O inches, $4 a pair. each. H
I pairs white wool blankets, with 50 dozen scarlet wool knit under- v, .__.♦. i^,„4-*i,^„ i __._-. ~^_r.~ ! ¥ misseS' and b°yS' ribbed black COt" I
$4.50. $5.50. $6.25 and $7 75 a pair. «,^„>c -.-.,^«„ In SIZeS ln bla°k' 18 « I ton hose, heavy weight, narrow rib,
150 pairs white crib blankets, all "lCil S WCdP dU -*1 ; very elastic, "Hales Iron frame
pure wool, with blue borders and Bilk men's good quality flannelette night white, drab, blue and pink, 18 to 26. 51 | stocking," extra double knees, heels
bound: shirts, cut full size and length in new styles figured W. B. corsets.. s2.so and toes, sizes 6to 9%— exceptional
36x40 inches, $2 a pair; 42x56 inches, every way, flrst-elass garment, 39c latest shapes figured T. B. corsets.. s3 good value, 15c a pair, $1.65 a dozen.
$3 a pair; 4Sx6O inches, $4 a pair. each.
50 pairs white wool blankets, with a 50 dozen scarlet wool knit under- v,-——* iAo^ho.n lA<?onc i l&flllClS
slight mixture of cotton, just enough wear in complete sizes that were ' OUrnt lcainer IeSSOnS *~" _.. __ _ 3
to make them wear well, weight 5 bought to sell at $1, but we are going pyrography and Mexican hand fleecy flannelettes, 27 Inches wide, g
pounds, silk bound, $5 blankets for to make a leader of them at 79c a gar- stamping taught and material fur- light colors, pinks and blues, lng
$3.95 a pair. ment I nished; ladies' parlor. stripes and checks. 7c a yard. jj
10 dozen comforters, double bed _____ ■ 25 pieces french flannel, figures and g
size, white laminated cotton, filled j>- r /SET M-~\mWf i dot patterns, excellent for shirt g
| figured sllkollne covered, wool knot- l^fl^V ASS/ >Mcl?/ //W/ I waists, 27 inches wide, 50c a yard. g
\ ted; our regular $2.25 comfort, $1.96 -~ , ~>. //W/ - -**--- ($3) 35 Pieces scotch tennis flannel, me-
-1 10 dozen crib comforters white cot- /Mv/ //W/ yV /^TOT**"^^ I^S men's shirts, children's dresses, and
j ton filled, figured sllkollne covered, /SW/ /Ma/ /Jtffß^lflLa/ J._&J~t>9 i^MLyS^ ■na^l^J B** ladies' skirts, 32 inches wide, the reg-
I size 36 and 48 inches, 45c each. //sis// /Mi*// *^-^ — -£SS^ — -^ >sS^^ " —^ ular 25c quality at 18c a yard.
" sizes of beds, with perfect two Inch ZoSb/ "" " "" T ~~W^^ tftWPl'S
! hem, ready for use. A^^^^gg^l *&<&tfbm ift 4s FS&^r IUVVCKS
54x90 inches, 37% c each; 63x90 -^WWmiini^ _*-r */r__W HJWHJTILJ*^,^ 50 dozen huck towels, 20x40 Inches, I
inches, 40c each; 72x90 inches, 45c vm *— ■ — h— ai*^"^ heavy linen, fringed ends, plain white g
Beach; 81x90 inches, SOc each; 90x90 QQK Q„_ QOO _. . . . «««*-»♦ c+«o«+ and Colored border, 25c quality, at 17c
inches, 55c each. % *"*'* "^ 935-937-939-941-943-945-947 Market Street. la4Col°red border' 2sc quallty' at 17c I
after which the following exclllent pro
gramme was presented: Ragtime selec
tions, James Mearns; barytone solo, Avit
La Faille, selections, Graeber's Mandolin
Club; specialty, George Monk; selection,
orchestra; vocal solo. Miss Lillian Arm
strong; comic song, Steve Douglas; cornet
duet, George Pacheco and Carl Murray;
Cakewalk, Miss Anna Kavanaugh and
John Collins; barytone solo, Joseph Fish
Centenary M. B. Church, South, Bush Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even-
street, near Octavia— Rev. J. E. Moore. Ing— Same.- -.--•';.
Howard M. E., between Second and Third— Morning— "The Condition of Development."
Rev. John A. B. Wilson. Evening— Sermon by Rev. Clarence True
Wilson, D.D.
Simpson Memorial. Hayes and Buchanan Morning— "Two Types of Christian Life."
streets— Rev. John Stephens. Evening— "The Healing Touch."
Howard Presbyterian, Oak and Baker Morning— "The Appointment of the
streets— Rev. J. S. Thomas. - V :! Twelve." Evening— "Historic Hymns."
First United Presbyterian. Polk street and Morning— "Completed Redemption." Even-
Golden Gate avenue— Rev. H.H. Bell. Ing— "The Old Home and the New."
"Memorial Presbyterian,: Eighteenth and Morning— "The Nature of True Worship."
Railroad avenues— Rev. H. N. Bevler. Evening— "Enoch, Who Walked With
' God."
Stewart Memorial, U. P., 'Guerrero street, Morning— "The Christian's Ambition."
near Twenty-third— W. E. Dugan. Evening— "Judah a Type of Christ."
Franklin Presbyterian, Franklin and Val- Morning— "Half Way Doings." Evening—
lejo streets— Rev. David Jamea "The Secret of Stability."
Calvary Presbyterian, corner Powell and Morning— "Sermon by pastor and special
Geary streets— Rev. John Hemphill. music. Evening— "God's Jewels."
Westminster Presbyterian, corner Page and Morning— "New Definitions of Religion."
\\ebster streets— Rev. Eugene H. Avery, Evening— "Nemesis, or Sowing and Reap-
D-D. • . Ing."
' Trinity Presbyterian, Twenty-third and Morning— Address on social purity by
Capp streets— Rev. Alexander N. Carson. national superintendent of W. C. T. U. '
' ■ - . .- . ., Evening— "The Tenth Legions." ■"-*"-.;.*
First Unitarian, southwest corner Geary Morning— Stebbins will occupy the pul-
and Franklin streets— Rev. Dr. Stebbins, pit.
.minister emeritus. ••■ ■
Second Unitarian, Twentieth and Capp Morning— "Obedience and Liberty." Even-
E streets— Rev. A. J. Wells. . ing— No service. • '
TV M>", 9.' A' Mason -nd -Ellis streets— H. Morning— Rev. S. A. Steel of Mississippi
J.. McCoy, secretary. Will address a mass meeting.
First j Church of T Christ, Scientist. Central Morning-"Adam and Fallen Man." j All
block, 223 Sutter street— Bible and are welcome.
Science, and Health, With Key to the - .• .
Scriptures.
Je^U!,alern (Swedenborgian), 1626 Morning— "Ye Are the Temple of the Holy
**%?** Jerusalem (Swedenborglan), 1626 Morning— "Ye Are the Temple of the Holy
O Farrell street— RevrDr. Bowen.- ;- "■ ■ Spirit." Evening— No service.
Theosophlcal, Society— Odd Fellows' Hall, Evening— W. L. Ducey will speak on "Ve-
corner Seventh and Market streets. ' hides. of Consciousness." .,
First English Lutheran, 1319 Geary street— Morning— Children's service at 9:45; sermon
Rev. B. Icelander. .r!- ,:.. "The Giant Killer"; 11, ' harvest home
thanksgiving service. "Returning Pros-
gslglsSx.' perity." > Evening— Reformation day ser- •
1 , vice; subject, "Protestantism."
er; topical selections, Frank Healey.
The committee of arrangements was as
follows: Robert Martin, chairman; Wil
liam Beasly, Con Donovan, Richard Tel
fer, Frank Cresalla, Albert Shepston,
Thomas McNaboe, Frank Gulnee, William
Coogan, Henry Lawler and Walter Lea
vey. x: >;■->**-*
! " THE CREDIT HOUSED
1 Six Stories High
Rococo Carved Couch with
golden oak base. Upholste.ed
in green figured velour. Plenty
of spring, stylish make. Easy
and restful for a tired woman,
large and strong enough* for a
lazy man
$10.25
Couch-comfort has a special mean-
ing these long winter evenings. Our
display includes some very fine ones
in ye vet, leather, denim. Luxurious
upholstering, elegant carvings, and
artistic designs. 6 '
Big nlump, soft sofa cushions in
Oriental velour S3. Creton covered
cushions, 20 inches square, prettily
ruffled, many colors and designs, 50c.
CARPET DEPARTMENT
Linoleum Remnants— small pieces
for small rooms— bring your measure-
ments. 50, 65 .and 75 cent grades to
close out— 20 cents a yard.
• A carpet from us means " sewn on '<
our Electric Carpet Sewing Machine," I
— only one this side the Rockies— I
and quick work, evenly matched,
smooth seams.
Free delivery. Oakland. AlameJa, Berkeley
M FRIEDMAN r £ CO.
.-' 233 to 237 Post St.
.Opea ereaiags Near StocktonSUNDAY CALL
MAGAZINE SECTION
OCTOBER 29 99.
THE BOERS
AS THEY
REALLY ARE
•- -
V T Is strange Indeed that I. Banr.le
T* strat fa Indeed that I, Pn-y'.t
Kruger, should be In San Francisco
while my kinsmen In far-away A.'rlc*
| are batt'.ihg for their rights. Writing
Ih English is a difficult task for me,
but I pen ihis as a sacred duty, In the
hope of piercing the dense veil cfv Ig-
corajice that shroud*} even the intelligent
American's conception of my native land.
I am a Boer &irl, descendant of a long
line of Boers. I am as proud of my Boer'
ancestry as the British aristocrat is of his
blue blood. Prouder % thousand times of
my Boer lir.eaga than of the slight Eng
lish tt:a'i*. that ls also my birthright.
My grandfather was half English, half
Boer; uiy grandmother] a Boer girl, was
a elster oZ the present wlfa of Oom PauL
My father is a nephew of President
Kruger. Therefore, I am doubly relatad
to them-q-a graTidniece to both the Presi-
de::*., and iiis vii'e, by ties of blood as well
as marriage. General Piet Joubert Is aiM
my great uncle.
It is now a year sines I flrst touch<*d
"-at touched
American soil. A spirit of unrest and
!avel. very un-Boer-iike, and probably
ie to the drop of English blood, hss
iaracterlzed our branch of the family.
twelvemonth ago I came to Amertos
tii ono of my brothers. A a interest ls
mine in Arizona brought us to this *ac-
r of th.j country.
Unlike most of my Boer cousins I hava
Boer cousins I hare
cnt much timo abroad, receiving th*
*■ eater part of my Alton in Franoe
id Belgium, wnere i -was taught muaio
■ id paiu ting.
While President Kruger severely con-
inns foreign education and customs, be
rgave my parents ror allowing ma to
uuy in Europe, uorn Paul is exceedingly
;:'i of music and acknowledged that mr
uslcal Ulents could better be developed
foreign lands. After each of these via.
! abroad Oom Paul would put ma
rough a severe catechism.
•••Vreigii travel has broadened ma and
-ned me and
ken ma out of tiie groove of Boer ous-
ms. But it has not blunted my Boer pa-
otism nor mado me love my people lha
>t=, uor hatd les3 Intensely the robber
r*ds that would steal the land to which
• ancestors "treked."
must confess that in no other country
Ignorance of the Boer co marked as In
aenca. In France, in Spain., the Ger-
ms, ft-.'en lhe Italians, know that the
er Is not a Zulu. But here In America
iple look at mo quizzically when told I
'*-f**oer Slr'- Their usual exclamation
\Vhy; you're not black," "Why, you're
t red. 1 retaliate with equal amass-
:nt. 1 ara no more a Zulu than they are
nerlcan Indians;
'SurelylaU Boer girls do not look Ilka
Iria do not look Hk*
v., s tlie remark that usually follows
Stho heels of this last one.
ZW'Wt n,th? v-'*™» o' Mother Eve they
l all L?yr\?'noW' American girls are
re n,- \W- , \h? s*m% bSItJ 1 am neither
tvDll al a. ,-t \y:pe °W ll'e Boer girl than
cjpjcaie American is of your ntry-
and racial
ssK&tfis biuth ipdivwu°ai assssas
» L.;. r e%u tm.mu-=h slighter than
n-<-- .T-*4', ! 7 but m features and
,oi.n„ .10 typical of the race.
- folk, with few
• en w?ISS
■ -- the Boers of tha
.irecii-nes. Thc^are^he^ersVth:
as ye r--.:i him i_
- KJSW
v d P-?^ slrl dr«3es and looks a*
l'ercnt fram a town-bred Boer girl £5
ur coun ry laSs does from the citv-br"
ffi'S'SKfc vlurf^ <-V'£^™ are not
d fashior it- miv^*™ ot wealtl*
a ias. uon, ».e tney? No mora ars £5
c the -,'dopW' women are wa
The "(loppc-iV all dress in gowns cut
ter the enmeymtern. A cheap print
rl .an t.'rim nt
[ght color rfade into a short skirt*
gathered full atound the waist? " blouse
Simply made v,\,_ a low band for a col-
lar: this is the Visual "dopper" costume
completed by a tunbonnet On Bundava
and holidays thi' wear around theft
waists a narrow ribbon of gay color tl^
i„ a ••Dutchy" hot-short. luttZ'opi a£d
long SSSS b°\-Bhort« «& PA SM
We Boer girls ofVhe cities dress as our
fancy and the fasllons of our neighbors
dictate. If we wish lo copy English styles
they aro always bef be us. As a rule thl
Boer girls have thej clothes made very
limply. Tis live id the saddle, always
riding astride, bo waging to short skirts
rather than trailing -Awns. iY.y
Truo, we are fond o'l bright and gaudy.
colors. If for this we In to be classed 2*
barbarians, on what pib. will you forelve
the Vivid scarlet and change dear to the
Spaniard, or ths crlmsois and. greens of
the; Italians? \ ****•
"Tour clothes— surely they were not
made in Africa? say by questioners.
When the American girl ftes to Paris -she
brines gowns and rlbbonS and laces and
fol-de-rols. She discovers that the out of
her gown, so much admlredat home, does
- fcot quits reach ths Pariaiebia perfection,
Ehs must acknowledge that her coat falls
abort of the chic French wrap; her hat
looks clumsy ln comparison with tha
chapeau fashioned by a French modiste.
Certainly I have had gowns made in
America, Just as Miss Smith or Mias Jones
visiting in Paris buys • Parisian gowns.
But I feel at home ln them. 1 I would not
wear auch elaborate gowns In the Trans
vaal, but they far more closely resemble
our dress than the costumes that Imagi
nation has painted for us.
A Mother Hubbard la frequently plo
tured. The most popular Idea clothes the
Boer In skins or ths scanty drapery of
the savage.
Nothing «£ ths Jfelnfl* mottuaa, «*
a rul-s, wear, a two-piece garment Skirt
and waist are both very simply made.
We of tha younger generation pattern
our clothes after ths foreigners for dress
occasions. ,* -~.y*7-. ■
' Even the better Informed have an Idea
that there is a great deal of Zulu blood
among tha Boers. I Stoutly deny this.
We Boers ara -part Hollander, ZZ part
French, loving and living up to' .the
strait-laced principles of the ■*. Puritans.
Doubtless there are half-breeds In Africa,
mongrels of mixed -blood. Just ss there
are families' In America with Indian
blood.
But ths Boer* do --■ not pardon . fatter*
■ 9fn-tfm*.^Tt.m* fthmn-t ift^p^nfM*.
through most of our veins,. Boer aha-a
ters the traditions of his race If he weds.
an Englishwoman. He excommunlcat-es
himself .If he has aught to do with : a
native. The Bier household Is >a > God
fearing, - Bible-abiding one, where tha
commandments from one to ton ars dally
Impressed upon tho Inmates.
The Boers have intermarried largely
among themselves. All the best families
are • connected by one, | sometimes two : or
three ties. Not a few of the younger
generation have married foreigners, ; but
this is frowned upon by the conservative
elders. One of Oom Paul's sons married
an English girl to his father's everlast
ing Borrow. How .we Boer^ who are so
clannish, can have the reputation for In
termingling .with l the natives I - do not
understand. The Hottentots, ths Kaffirs
and the Zulus are our. servants^ . .•-■*'* -■*.;:
When It ls discovered that I am a Boer,
I am always asked whether I have read
the tory . of »an African ' Farm." . The
book must hava - been most widely read
ln . America, for • I . hear It mentioned on
all Bides, I seldom • find -a ' reader who
has even turned ths leaves of any other
• book on thai Transvaal.
« The "Story of >an African Farm" is
i most Interesting. * It it ls too bad that
, "Tant Sannie". should be grafted on for-
eign Imagination as the type of all Boer
women. Tant Sannie, a colossus of fat,
• Ignorant as a Kaffir, bull-throated, splut
tering coarse oaths, ls no more a type
pf j ths : Boer > women than Becky Sharp
to of an - Englishwoman.
- I- appreciate > Tant Bannle ss a 9tmt-.f
character;/ I do not resent her creation as
mostl Boers do.' For I believe that Oltvs
Schreiner did -not draw her to typify our
race. She jno -more felt need of asserting
: this 'than ! Dickens " felt called ' upon to
mention-t hat Uriah Heep was not In
'tended-to represent all Englishmen.
. But, unfortunately, our race Is bo little
known that the old and- out-of-the-or
• dinary characters of .,- fiction have bosa
made to stand for the reality.
■ We*"mustconfess^that many of the Boer
country customs are most accurately de-
scribed' in this tale. ' I copy from a torn
leaf fluttering among . my things, clipped
from the book because it so vividly de
scribes a country wedding.
"Bride , and bridegroom, with their at-
tendants, marched solemnly to the mar
' riage chamber, where bed and box are
decked out- in white, with ends of rib Sena
and artificial flowers, and where on a
row of chairs the party solemnly seat
themselves. After a time bridesmaid and
best man rise, and conduct- In with cere-
mony each individual guest to wish sue-
cess and to kiss the bride and bridegroom.
Then the feast is set on the table, and It
Is almost sunset before the dishes are
cleared away and the pleasure of the day
begins. Everything is removed from tha
great front room, and the mud floor, well
rubbed with bullock's blood, glistens like
polished mahogany.
• "The female portion of the assembly
flock Into the side rooms to attire them-
selves for the evening, and reissue clad
in white muslin and gay with bright rib-
bons and brass jewelry.. The dancing be-
gins as the first tallow candles are stuck
up about the walls, the music coming
from a couple of fiddlers in a corner of tha
room. -Bride and bridegroom open ths
hall and the floor is soon covered with
■whirling couples.
"By 11 o'clock the children, who swarm
in the . side rooms, tire not to be kept
quiet longer even by hunches of bread and
cake; there is a general howl and wail
that rises yet higher than the scraping or
fiddles, and mothers rush from their part-
ners to knock small heads together and
cuff little nursemaids and force the wall-
ers down Into unoccupied corners of beds,
under tables and behind boxes.
"In half an hour every variety of child
ish snore ls heard on all sides, and it has
become perilous to raise or set down a
foot In any of the side rooms, lest a small
head or hand should be crushed.
"Now, too, the busy feet have broken
the solid coating of the floor, and a cloud
of flne dust arises that makes a yellow
halo - around the candles and sets asth
matic people coughing, and grows denser
till to recognize any one on the opposite
Bide of the room becomes impossible, and
a partner's face is seen through a yellow
mist.
"At 13 o'clock the bride Is led to ths
marriage chamber and undressed; ths
lights are blown out and the bridegroom
is brought to the door by the best man,
who gives him the key; then the door Is
shut and locked and the revel rises higher
than ever. There ls no thourut -of sleep
until morning."
Ths country courtship la ss unique as
Continued On Page Twenty-thru^
i.22
TO CALIFORNIA COMES THE HONOR OF HAVING THE THIRD COMMANDERY OF THE SOCIETY OF AMERICAN WARS
TO perpetuate among their descend-
ants Hie memory of the men who
were instrumental ln establishing
the Colonies of North America and
were founders of this nation; of the
men who achieved American independ
ence; and of the men who in military and
naval positions of trust assisted in the
preservation of the republic In the 1812;
Mexican and Civil wars: collecting for
preservation documents relating to those
periods: providing suitable commemora
tions of the prominent events connected
with those periods; and Inspiring ln its
companions the fraternal and patriotic
■spirit of their forefathers." These are the
objects of the Society of American Wars.
The commandery of the State of Cali
fornia 'if this society was formally in
stituted and held Its lirst annual banquet
at the Palace Hotel on Tuesday, October
17, and now counts among its members
many of the leading men of the State.
The Society of American Wars of the
Tnlted States was Instituted by Edward
Junius Edwards, its founder and present
commander in chief, In Minneapolis,
Minn., on January 11, 1897. A study of the
existing societies had convinced him that
there was room for a society such as tlie
new one, which should embody many
unique and commendable features not
found in the older societies. Mr. Edwards
is one of the prominent business men of
A MOST PECULIAR MAN
WAS THE GREAT PIANIST
LISZT.
C— 3 HE twenty-second of this present
month of October was the eighty-
eighth anniversary of the birth of
£ Franz Liszt, the "Paganlni of the
pianoforte," whose genius and
phenomenal achievements in the world of
music have caused other musicians to
most reverentially bestow upon him the
well-earned ; itle "Master."
The life of Liszt was a romance from
beginning to end for ' Eccentrlcil tho
handmaid of Genius," waited upon him
from his --are,. years, and adventure of
the kind that proved the souls and de
light* the hearts of all true knights of
the olden time haunted his footsteps even
to the close of his earthly journey.
Well do I remember the season hat I
spent at Weimar Iti attendance upon the
-classes,' or musical receptions; presided
over by this greatest of musical artists.
and better than any other experience that
ever fell to my lot do I remember my urst
■ I.,'St
iwo calls upon him in the privacy of ins
oYUvlsuedC'him first at his home, the sec-
Tvi!
ond lioor Of the garden-house "* the
f-t-nnd Duke. Aii Introduction trom soma
?£Ehlgh source was generally necessary
very high ' sary
in order tv see Liszt personally at thig
time but being an American 1 determined
to Spproach him In the direct American
«»v l **,,• simply sent up "'■:■ card. My
V-al was' ill-timed tor although it
';.. 11 in the morning th* "master was
sloenln'' At 2in the afternoon, how
ever l wa:; fortunate enough to be grant
lf. nn interview. l found Liszt to be an
old man .-'U* the middle height, with
hr v shoulders, a thick neck and a lion s
rr' ,i th i a marvel of coarse white hair
rc^r/over Ids "real skull and falling
If h s face and neck. His complexion
&° pc i "tl a r -bet W( -en pale and florid
aml his features those of a North Amar
fcin Indian altogether he v.as one of the
n st siritiiK figures I have ever seen in
most striking ''Kl-'l,l* r, frt His manner
tho whole course of my bro- "l 5 manner,
however was most gentle and .benign.
H. asked me to play for him. and listened
£ me carefully and critical"., occaslon
allv showing me his interpretation jot
difficult phrases and passages. J remem
ber he had the most enormous hand:; that
i nave ever seen, great heavy masses
wi;h thumbs aa lona an my middle finger.
Minneapolis, who ha? devoted much of his
leisure time to iho study of the history
of our cour.try and ol it-*, pioneer families,
"i our count
and '■ his foresight in the principles of
the organization and his executive ability
In managing It during its early years, its
present great success Is :arge;y due.
He April 30. 1898, the commandery In
chief, embracing the companions through
out the country, was' Instituted with Ed
ward Junius Edwards as commander In
chief.
The California branch was informally
Califoruia branch « - informallj
Instituted on Admission day. September '.'.
IM<9. and "ii October IT the Mis, annual
banquet and the formal Institution look
place.
Those who are eligible to belong to the
Society of An:, ri at' Wat Hie men * ii"
have ".served with honor as a commis
sioned oiiicer in the army; navy or marine
corps of the l'nited Stales, in the Civil
•War between the I'-'tl. day of April. 1861;
and the 'Jth day of April. 1865; or In the
Spaniels War between the 21st day of
April and the 12 th tl«) of August, IV.IS; or
tire*- lineal descendants of an ances
tor (l i who served as a Governor; i...-..;
--tenant or deputy Governor, or member of
the council or assembly; or as a military
or naval otlicer under authority of the
colonies which afterward formed the
United Slates, from the settlement of
Jamestown. May 13, 1607. to the 19th day
of Apr.!, it-.;;, and was instrumental in es
tablishing the colonies of North America
c of reaching over two octaves at
one stretch, but he touch-
ed the keys with a llght
.-T7 ness and a rauldltv
that^-B
on-
pel-
at-
classes
he me
to
on a trip, hut
I chose to wait I might be *-^^B
Included among his favored
"•guests." That tirst call was de-^^B
lightful. He praised my playing with^B
the one word Good." and gave me per-^^M
mission to come again and play some of^B
my songs for him.. 1 left feeling happier^
than I ever did before in all my life, but my
next visit was entirely different. I went the
next day and found several other persons in
his antechamber— Gllle, a counselor of the
Duke; Slloti, a Russian pianist; Oottsehalk,
an eminent organist of Weimar, and Weln
gartner. royal court conductor at Berlin— all
strangers to me and by no means friendly In
manner to the foreign Intruder. At last,
however. I was admitted to Lint's parlors,
fiT American in<Jr«.endn*!ee. (2) Who
served with honor as commissioned ofli
cers In Lhe army, navy or marine corps of
tin- l'nited States In—
"The AVar of ISI2, between the ISth day
"Thi War of 1812 between ti,.- 18th day
cf June. IS!:', and the ISth day of Feb
ruary. 1815.
'•'1 la Mexican War. between the 9th daiy
■ Mi clean War. betw. en the 9
of May, 1843, and the iti-. day of July,
IS4S.
"The Civil War. between the 12th day of
April, 1861. .ual the '-'ti: day of April, 1565.
"The Spanish War. between the list day
of April and the 12th day of August. 1598."
Among the prominent, companl in:< ot' the
society we find the folloiwlng men of na
tional reputation:
ARMY.
Lieutenant General John McAllister
Schofield, Major Generals Ne!«oa Apple
ton Miles, Wesley Merrill. John Rutter
wlure it was quite eviqen
game of card* was in r
pi ci . with accompaniments
of brandy and water and
some Of the biggest am
strongest cigars thai 1
ever law. All (.text's
suavity of the prevlou:
(lay had vanished and 1
listened most carelessly
he songs l played to
saying at the end: "Si
It makes all the d.fferen
the world how they are s
Set yourself a good sing
I felt rebuffed and p
pared to go, but leaving r
marked: ''Master, whe
you return from your trip
may ' 1 play for you
again?" Instantly his
face flushed and he _
became apparently,
and certainly with- **-*''''''''''''''''''''■
vcr*>B^H
angry. He I
looked
falH
veiled: I
veiled: I
THE SUNDAY CALL.
Brooke (Governor General of Cuba}. Fitz
hugh Lee, Leonard Wood (Governor of
Santiago de lube >. Joseph Cabell Breck
inridge, Francis Vinton Greene, Brigadier
General Andrew Hlckenlooper.
NAVY.
Admiral George Dewey, Rear Admirals
William Thomas Sampson, John Critten
den Watson, Join Woodward Philip, Win
field Scott Schley. George Collier Remey,
Charles O'Neil, Albert Sewell Kenney.
Gi IVERNMENTAL.
GOVERNMENTAL.
President William Mi Klnley, Vioe
President Garret Augustus Hobart. ex-
Presldent Benjamin Harrison, ex-Vice
President Levi Parsons Morton. Secre
tary of War Ellhu Root, Secretary of
Navy John Davis Long. Secretary of
Trra-ur-' Lyman Judson Cage, Secretary
of Interior Ethan Allen Hitchcock. Attor
ney General John William Griggs, United
States Libra ria:i Herbert Putna.n, United
States Commission) General to Paris Ex
position Ferdinand Wythe Peck
UNITED STATES SENATORS
L'NITED STATES SENATORS.
George Clement Perkins of California,
William Pierce Frye of Maine, Joseph
Roswcll Hawley of Connecticut, George
I M-1..C Hoar eel Massachusetts John Mel
len Thurston of Nebraska. Roles Penrose
of Pennsylvania, Red field Proctor of Ver
mont, Jonathan Ross of Vermont. Joseph
Benson Foraker of Ohio, Henry Cabot
Lodge of Massachusetts, John Colt Spoon
er of Wisconsin.
GOVERNORS.
Theodore Roosevelt of New York,
Asa Smith Bushnell of Ohio.
. Foster McGowan Voorhees of New Jer
sey-
Play now!"
The exclamation seemed to
come from the depths of
his chest. and was like the
mar of a lion.
"Play now!" he shouted
again, glaring at me; and
then as 1 hesitated he
waved his hand toward his
mpanions and said: "You
ye the best of audiences
re," and began excitedly - to :
cc up and down the room, j
lhe rest of the company i
nked scared, . nt 1 was too
igrj to be nervous. l knew
hat there were two pieces
that Liszt abhorred to hear
played- em.- C.iopln's bal-
lad in G minor and the
other his own Second
\ Rhapsody. 1 had
M^^H[ " warned against
■ playing either be-
t^ei*'- him, but
■. in
on the
ou the
Edward Curtis Smith of Vermont.
JUDICIAL.
Chief Justice Melville Weston Fuller,
United States Supreme Court.
Justice Rufus Wililam Peckham, United
States Supreme Court.
Chief Justice John Bayard McPherson
of Pennsylvania.
Chief Justice Charles Monroe Start of
Minnesota.
DIPLOMATIC.
United States Embassador William
Franklin Draper to Italy.
United States Ministers William Lau
rence Merry to Nicaragua, Salvador and
Costa Rica; Lawrence Townsend to Bel
gium, Arthur Sherburne Hardy to Greece,
Addison Clay Harris to Austria, Bellamy
Storer to Spain.
EDUCATIONAL.
Dr. David Starr Jordan of Stanford Uni
versity, Dr. Benjamin Ide Wheeler of the
University of California, Dr. Daniel Colt
Oilman of Johns Hopkins University.
Dr. James Burrell Angell of the Uni
versity of Michigan, *->r. Cyrus Nor
throp of the University of Minnesota,
Dr. George Edwin Mac Lean of the Uni
versity of lowa, Dr. Charles Kendall
Adams of the University of Wisconsin,
Dr. Charles Austin Harrison of the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania. Rear Admiral
Frederick Valette McNair, U. S. N., of the
United States Naval Academy; Colonel
ANECDOTES FROM THE PEN
OF ONE WHO KNEW THE
MASTER.
which ls a long piece, requiring at least
twelve minutes in execu
tion. 1 had played only
the beginning .. :
\W i
V /Lis z t
BB -
BB up
BB me
B^r p v
B^r me
B^ from
B^^
B^r
BB^
B^^^ in
repeated
B^^^ repeated the opening pas-
B^^^ sages, accentuating each note
H^^* with a club, giving them a loud,
tone totally at variance with the
required expression. When he ceased
r. 'hammering and told me to "Play again" I ,
' began the piece anew and played it pre-
•'clsely as he had done. The effect was most
pronounced, for the visitors laughed out-
right, and Liszt, after a moment's hesita
tion, Joined them. A little later li- dismiss-
ed me in the kindest aud most, cordial man
ner, and when he returned from his journey
I secured opportunities of. playing at a num
ber of his soirees*, and had a most friendly
and genial personal farewell from him at the
close of the season.
To these musical classes visitors would
v
Albert Leopold Miles. U. S. A., of the
United States Military Academy at West
Point; Dr. Charles William Dabney of the
University of Tennessee, Or. William
Lyne Wilson.
ART AND LETTERS.
Dr. Charles Dudley Warner, Dr. Ed
mund Clarence Stedman. Dr. Edward
Everett Hale, Robert Henry Stoddard,
Robert Grant, Frederic Remington,
Charles Morgan Mcllhenney, Captain Al
fred Thayer Mahan, William Milllgan
Sloane, Winston Churchill, General Lewia
Wallace. Samuel Langhnrne Clemens,
George Washington Cable.
ECCLESIASTICAL.
Archbishop John Ireland of Minnesota,
Bishops William Hall Moreland of Cali
fornia, Joseph Horsfall Johnson of Cali
fornia, John Hazen White of Indiana,
Samuel Fallows of Illinois, Mahlon Nor
ris Gilbert of Minnesota, Thomas Under
wood Dudley of Kentucky, William Law
rence of Massachusetts, William Neilson
McVickar of Rhode Island, Charles Card
well McCabe of Colorado, Daniel Ayres
Goodsell of Tennessee, Thomaa Frank
Gallor of Tennessee, Isaac Lea Nichol
son.
MEDICAL.
Dr. Ira Remsen, Charles Carroll Bam
bough, Colonel Dallas Bache, Colonel
Charles Ravenscroft Greenleaf, Dr.
George Montgomery Tuttle, Dr. Charlea
Alfred Lee Reed, Dr. Alfred ther.
take sheets of music and lay them on
the piano. Liszt would go over them and
call upon the owner of the sheet he liked
to play; that would introduce the per
former to the audience. To play at these
gatherings was esteemed a great honor
and advantage. A word from Liszt could
make or break a performer. For a man
possessed of such vast power he used lt
very carelessly. lie was full of whims,
prejudices and highly partial. Particular
ly was he so toward men. I knew a
little Swedish girl, a plump and .-hubby
little body, who was introduced to him
by a person near the King of Sweden.
She played miserably and every one ex
pected Liszt to blast her on the spot:
but to the surprise of all he smiled on
her, complimented her and she went
away feeling that she had played "excel
lently well. Upon the other hand a
young American girl, who reillv played
well, was scolded by him with such
cruelty thai sho broke mO tears and
went weeping from the hall.
Franz Liszt had his -.-•.rely human
faults, but a. Trreat light we.it out of the
musical world when he -.eassed away,
though tin- illumination of lis genius still
pervades It and shines i..- t ■ with an ef
fulgence that time i annoC and will not
attempt to dim.
America knows little o ' Liszt, yet she
Is destined to exalt his frame above all
others, for upon such •- pedestal it be
longs, The next great musical revival
here will, I predict, bea Liszt revival.
With it will come the Introduction of the
Liszt ..rat. and thin will be heard
music seraphic in ii conception and
power, lifting the he>rer almost to the
very portals of lniv-n. from which will
seem to Issue forth sJtinds awakened by
the touch of the greatest master of the
yl I.LI AM I'IFTTI.
-*-
It ls related that, a well-known doctor
It Is related that a well-known doctor
•was once present i> a public place when
an accident occurred, and, seeing a
Wounded mart, wht about calling: "A
doctor! v. docto.*! Somebody go and
fetch. a doctor!" / -'-
A friend who \ns by his side ventured
A friend win. >n« by his side ventured
to inquire: "\Jfell, what about your-
self?" jf ' ' ■ --
"Oh, dear," fdswered the doctor, sud
denly recalling the fact that he belonged
to the medical profession, "I didn't think
of that : -iiiiiauge.<$a$ %i%btß anb Wmk Sba6ee Of ©16 ftaltoweetiw
On Tuesday
October 3.1,
o
is
Halloween,
Halloween.
Look
Out
'lor Your
ior Yonr
Future
Spouse
THE very mention of Halloween calls
up visions of ghosts and witches
and all kinds of uncanny things. It
ls the one night ln the year when
J^ even the uninitiated, if they are
brave enough, may converse with
spooks and hobgoblins, and may also, if
they try hard enough, send the immate
rial part of their being prancing through
space on all kinds of errands. It Is safe
to surmise that the latter privilege is not
often taken advantage fot. It is hard
enough to keep soul and body together
without hunting up excuses to separate
them. But the grand object of all the
mystic rites peculiar to Halloween is to
find out who one's future spouse will be
—that Ing a very Important question
with those who have never had one.
The most infallible of the many Infalli
ble ways by which a girl may get a
glimpse of her future husband is to re
tire in silence. That alone is hard
enough, but that is not all. She must lie
there, speechless and in the dark, until
Just before the stroke of 12, when she
must rise and, standing before the mir
ror, it an apple while combing her hair.
If she doesn't see her "future" peeping
over her shoulder it's because she is des
tined to be an old maid, or she was too
scared to look.
Another way that does not .-equire so
much courage is to write the alphabet
on twenty-six little slips of paper, one
letter on each .-lip, and then urn them
face down in a basin of water. This done,
go to bed backward and in silence. Si
lence seems to be the main requirement
in ail these endeavors to coax one's af
finity to make himself, or herself, known.
Next morning some of the letters in the
basin will be found face up and the name
thus revealed will give the desired infor
mation.
A more comfortable custom is to wet
tho sleeve of a shirt and hang it before
the fire to dry. Then lie in bed and watch
lt until midnight, when the apparition of
the future husband or wife will' appear
and turn the sleeve.
If a girl has two lovers and cannot de
cide which one to choose, she may let
fate settle the matter in the following
manner. Eat an apple and then, naming
two Of the seeds, stick one on each cheeK
and bay:
Pippin, pippin, I stick thee there.
j stick thee there.
That which is true thou mayst declare.
The one that stays tho longest is the
must faithful lover, and therefore the
most desirable. «-
There la a custom ln Wales on Hal-
loween of building a huge bonfire, and
wher. the fire i--: almost out each member
of the party gathered about it throws in
a white stone, marked for future identi
fication, lv the morning a search is made
in ti.e embers and if one stone is missing
It Indicates that the person who threw
it In will not live to repeat the perform-
ance the next All Lints' eve.
Many of the customs mentioned by
Robert Hums are now- obsolete, but one
stii: in vogue is that of pulling kail or
cabbage stalk. A young couple are blind
folded and then, taking each other by the
hand, they go into the garden and each
pulls a stalk at random and they return
to th.c fireside, where their prizes cause a
great deal of merriment. As the stalk is
long or short, straight or crooked, so
shall the future husband or wife be. The
quantity of earth sticking to the root in
dicates the amount of wealth and the
taste of the pith the kind of temper "tie
must expect. Finally the stalks are
placed over the door, and the christian
names of the next two entering will be
the names of the future husband and
wife.
A custom that is quite common in this
count! aiso Is to ike three saucers and
fill c:.. with clean and another with dirty
water.' The third remains empty. The
part;. wishing to know his destiny is
blindfolded and led to tie hearth, where
the saucers have been arranged. If he
dips his finger in the clean water he will
marry a maid, but If in the? dirty water a
widow will knd him to the altar. The
empty dish signifies that a life of single
CARPET TACKS SAVED THE SHIP.
BUT CAPTAIN JOSHUA SLOCUM HAD A CLOSE CALL.
Captain Joshua^Slocum. in his solitary
voyage around tne world in the sloop
Spray, found a new and exciting use for
carpet tacks. He thus describes an en
counter with the Natives of Tierra del
Fuego: \
Canoes manned by -savages from Fortes
que now came ln pu-teult. The wind fall
ing light, they gained on me rapidly till
coming within hall, when they ceased
paddling, and a bow-*ggcd savage stood
up and called to me, V Yammerschooner I
yammerschooner!" whati ls their begging
term. I said "No!" M»w. I was not for
letting them know that I was alone, and
6o I stepped Into the ctpln, and. passing
through the hold, came -put at the fore
scuttle, changing my Blkhes as I went
along. That made two kien. Then the
piece of bowsprit whioh >had sawed -oit
blessedness is in store for him.
Apples and nuts play a very important
part in the mystic rites of Halloween. One
way to find out If one's sweetheart is
true Is to place three nuts upon .lie bar
of the grate or on the hearth, naming the
nuts for the loved one. If a nut cracks
or jumps, look for another sweetheart
right away, for the one you have will
surely be unfaithful. If a nut burns that
Is a sign that your affection ls reciprocated.
but if two of the ruts burn together the
young lady making the trial may as well
begin preparing her trousseau at once,
for there will surely be an early wed-
ding.
Halloween parties must always be made
as weird and uncanny as possible, and
* any one with original id< ie may give
them full scope on these occasions. One
very quaint affair that 1 recall may
' serve as a model.
In the first place the Invitations were
most unique* Witches and goblins ran riot
over the card and the utmost secrecy in
regard to the approaching event was ex-
acted. Silence, too, was enjoined,, and
every one was veiled, and it certainly was
a very ghostly crowd that gathered
promptly at the appointed time in the
dimly lighted hallway. Suddenly the
sound of a bell -was heard, soft and- muf-
fled, as If it were high up In an old church
tower, and as it struck 9 the doors were
thrown open and the young people were
ushered into a veritable witches' den.
Death heads, made from pumpkins, with
a small lighted candle inside, grinned
from the mantel, the cornices and the
most unexpected places. Huge cobwebs,
In which were monster spiders, were
stretched across the corners and over the
mirrors. Immense bats with outspread
wings were apparently flying through the
air and great owls glared from every pos
sible resting place. In the fireplace, the
grate had been removed and in its stead
a large caldron was simmering over a pale
green blaze.
The hostess and her assistants were
witches, gowned in flowing black robes
and crownev with tall, pointed caps. In-
visible music of a weird character added
to the uncanniness of the scene. The
gentlemen were all in an adjacent room
and tbe hostess, taking a lady by the
hand, would advance with tier and knock
three times on the door with the small
broom she carried. In answer to her
knock a gentleman would appear, and
Offering the lady his arm retire to a dis
tant part of the room. When, in this
manner, the couples had all been paired
off the wltchefe wave,] their arms and
crooned in the most approved witch
manner and the screeching of the violins
outside became truly blood-curdling. Sud
denly, with a crash and a bang, the noise
ceased and the room was filled with light '
When the light revealed the partners that
at Buenos Ayres, and which I had still
on board. I arranged forward on the look-
out, dressed as a seaman, attaching a line
by which I could pull It into motion.
That made three of us. and we did not
want to "yammerschooner;" but for all
that the savages came on faster than be-
fore. . I saw that besides four at the pad-
dles In the canoe nearest to me. there
were others in the bottom, and that they
were shifting hands often. : At eighty
yards I fired a shot across the bow of the
nearest' canoe, at which they all stopped,
but only for a moment. Seeing that they
persisted ln coming nearer, I fired the
second shot so close to the chap who
wanted to "}*ammerschooner" that he
changed hie mind quickly enough and bel-
lowed with fear. "Bueno yo via Isla,"
and sitting down in his canoe, he rubbed
his starboard cat-bead for some time. I
HERE ARE SOME ANCIENT CUSTOMS
. THAT YOU WILL FIND MOST INTER-
ESTING TO EXPERIMENT WITH
fate had given each for the evening there
as a good deal of merriment. At a sig-
nal from the First Witch a couple went
Into the outer darkness to pull "kail"
stalks. Of course they had been prepared
beforehand and there was not a straight
one in the whole lot. After this ordeal
had been gone through by every one a
decrepit old hag. with a real, live owl
perched on her shoulder, entered the
room. On her arm hung a basket full
of nuts. Passing through the crowd she
gave each a nut and then.' standing by
the fireplace, she mumbled some unin-
telllgible Jargon and the room suddenly
became darkened again. Stooping over
the caldron she muttered an Incantation
and red fire Immediately blazed from Its
depths. She then tottered out of the
room, which again was illuminated as she
disappeared. The nuts, when cracked,
were found to contain a fortune, written,
on a slip of paper. For example, "You
will have many trials until the age of 30,
when good luck will come to you." The
nuts for the gentlemen were tied with
red ribbons and those for the ladies with
blue. .V - 
During the evening all sorts of games,
peculiar to Halloween, were added to the
programme. A stick was suspended hori-
zontally from the celling and on one end
was a short piece of lighted candle, while
an apple was stuck *on the other, and
the whole thing set whirling. A small
basket was then passed around in which
were a number of slips of paper. The
unfortunate who drew the paper with a
skull and cross-bones on It had to furnish
was thinking of a good port captain's ad
vice when I pulled the trigger, and I
must have aimed pretty straight; how
ever, a miss was as good as a mile for
Mr. "Black Pedro," as he it was, and no
other, a leader In several bloody massa
cres. He now directed the course of his
canoe for the island and the others fol
lowed him. I knew by his Spanish lingo
and by his full heard that he was the
villain I have named a renegade mongrel,
and the worst murderer in Tierra del
Fuego. The - authorities had been • In
search of' him for two years. The Fue
gans are not bearded. • • • . • At
night, March 8, at anchor in the snug
cove at .the. Turn, every heart-beat
counted thanks. Hers I pondered on the
events of the last few days, and, strangely
enough, Instead of feeling rested from
sitting or lying down, I now began to
THE SUNDAY OALIi.
amusement for the rest by trying to get
a bite from the apple on the whirling
stick. Luckily for the girls, a man drew
the fatal slip, but before he had burned
his mustache off the First Witch took
pity on him and clapped her hands. Over
the door leading Into the dining-room a
dark, heavy portiere hung and at the slg
nal an apple rolled under the curtain and
went spinning over the floor. "It was fol
lowed by another and then ether, until
everybody had one. Knives were then
passed around and a merry half-hour was
spent In peeling the apples and throwing
the unbroken skin over the shoulder In
such a manner as to form the Initial of
the future husband or wife, In one of
the apples a needle was Imbedded in the
core, indicating that the finder would
enjoy a domestic or wedded life. Another
contained a pen. foretelling a literary
career, and in still another a tiny pencil
was buried, signifying a life devoted to
art. In a fourth a small piece of wood
was hidden on which the word "music"
had been written.
A few moments before midnight the
merry-makers were all taken out the
kitchen door and separated Into two
groups, the girls on one side and the
gentlemen on the other. At the first
stroke of twelve both groups started and
ran, one going one way and the other in
the opposite direction, all to meet at the
front door. The first couple to reach the
goal would be the first to marry— not each
other, necessarily— and the last to arrive
were doomed to a lonely existence
When the race was over, the breathless
feel .laded and worn; but a hot meal of
venison stew soon put me right, so that
I could sleep. As drowsiness came on I
first sprinkled the deck with the tacks
that my old friend Sambllch had given
me, and then I turned in.
Now, it Is well known that one cannot
istep on a tack without saying something
about it. A pretty good Christian will
whistle when he steps on the "commercial
end" of a carpet tack; a savage will howl
and claw the alr, and that was just what
happened that night about 12 o'clock
while I- was asleep in the cabin, where
the ; savages thought they "had me,"
sloop and all. They changed their minds,
however, when they stepped on deck, for
then they thought that I or somebody
else had them. I had no need of a dog;
they howled like a pack of hounds. I
had hardly uso for a gun. They jumped
pell-mell, ; some into their canoes and
some. Into the sea, to cool off, I suppose,
and there was a deal of free language
over It as they went. I fired the rascals
a salute of several guns t when I came on
deck, to -let them know that I was at
home, and then I turned in again, feeling
sure that- 1 should not be • disturbed any
more by people who left In bo great a
.. hurry.
laughing crowd was summoned to supper,
and there another surprise awaited them.
The decorations in the dining-room were
red. even the tablecloth being of the same
brilliant hue.' Over the center of the
round table a huge owl. with outspread
wings, was suspended from the ceiling.
In its claws it held the ends of four long
red ribbons, the other ends of which were
held in the corners of the room, near the
celling, by bats, lizards and spiders. The
shade on the lamp was red crepe paper,
THE BOERS AS THEY REALLY ARE,
By MISS SANNIE KRUGER, NIECE OF OOM PAUL KRUGER.
Continued from Page Twenty-one.
the wedding customs. The suitor takes
the girl of his choice to some lachergoot
(confectionery). If ; she ',' refuses the gift
that ends the courtship. , If not he sits in
the midst of the coffee-drinking family
for an hour or more. Finally' he Is left
alone with the girl of his choice. T But the
wise • tant ' according to custom puts a
limit on the length of his visit.- She marks
the wax candle with a needle, meaning
that i the | visit " must only *- last until the
candle burns to the mark. . .
'> I s could tell , you of many more > quaint
customs, but It was not for: that- I under
took this task. Rather _to ; convince you
that i a Boer girl ls not a semi-savage. .
on which had been applied owls and bats
of some black material. The punch was
red, so was the frosting on the cake—
which, by the way, was crescent-shaped
and surmounted by a tiny doll, dressed all
in red. as a witch. The souvenirs were
also small witch-dolls for the ladies and
owls for the men, both of which, on In
vestigation, proved to be bonbon boxes.
In Ireland, the observance of Hallow
een assumes. In many respects, a religious
character. It is a custom In many dis
My English always surprises people Into
comment. True, I speak with less accent
than most Boer girls, having a natural
aptitude for languages and having trav
eled so much.
But the rising generation of Boers are
ail well educated. Both English and
Dutch are taught In the schools. Oom
Paul understands English as well as I do
myself. Many times when 'playing or
dancing for him I would forget and make
some remark in English. He would al
ways chide -me for it, saying. "I could
speak English as well as a rooinek (red
neck— Dutch for Englishman), but I never
forget I am a Boer."
Like all ■ Boer girls I am an excellent
■hot and . I fervently wish that I were
trlcts to bake what are called "soul
cakes" on that day, which are given to the
poor, who go from door to door begging.
The gift of a cake is always accompanied
with a request to pray for the souls of the
dead. The recipient of these "soul cakes"
is generally very profuse In his promises
to pray dnd calls down the blessings of
heaven on everything he or she can think
of. Another custom is to burn a lighted
candle in every wind in the house,
which , gives a very picturesque effect
along the country roads.
There ls a custom among the poorer
classes In England, also, or begging on
Halloween, for what Is known there as
"dole bread." In several districts a fan-
tastic arrangement, called "Old Hob," ls
carried about from house to house, ac
companied by a crowd of young people,
singing doggerel begging rhymes. Old
Hob consists of a skeleton of a horse's
head, mounted on a broomstick, and with
a sheet wrapped about and concealing the
person who ls carrying It-
Shaw, in his history of the Province of
Moray, considers the festivities of Hal-
loween as a sort of harvest-home rejoic-
ing— a thanksgiving for the safe ingather
ing of the produce of the fields. What
ever may have been the original motive
for this "gathering together of the clans"
on the eve of All Saints, the young people
who make merry nowadays have only one
object In view— to discover, lf possible,
their affinity, to find that mysterious he
or she for whom we are all of us con
tinually seeking. Sometimes these "affin
ities" are a little careless and don't pair
off just right, so the boys and girls who
try their fate on this next Halloween
must not neglect the warnings and
prophecies which that night of mystery
will surely bring.
MADAME JONATHAN.
back in the Transvaal that I might help
defend our land. Our cunning with the
gun has been handed down to us
through the generations. When trekihg
on the veldt it fell to the women to keep
the prowling lions away from the wagons.
And In time of war our women stand be
hind the barricades and load the guns for
their husbands, sons and fathers.-.
San Francisco will always recall three
things to my mind— hills and pretty
girls.
But I know no peace here. My heart
is full of dread misgiving. Twice have
we conquered these rooineks, but the
memory of Rorke's Drift and Majuba Hill
rankles. They fight to win this time, with
the right of might.. •
I pray God that it may not be so, but I
fear that we are doomed to defeat.
2324
The Sword ' of : 'Long-Armed Russia Hangs Over His Head
A SOCIALIST EXILE NOV
LIVING 1/1 SAfl FRANCISCO
PAUL MELNIKOFF lives ln clean,
dreary rooms above a store on Na-
toma street. There is a devious
climb of dark stairs to reach the
rooms, and a lock', gate at tho top
is seconded by warning dogs. Paul Mel
nikoff has his own reasons for taking pre
cautions.
He lives the life of a Damocles. The
sword banging above his head is that
wielded by long-armed Russia. There are
three (socialist exiles known to oe living
in California, and he is one of the three.
Russia has a hundred eyes and fingers
that reach, cruel and eager '-'1 clutch
ing, to the ends of all the lands that be. .
Paul Melnikoff has not been nblo to hide
from the eyes, but he has slipped three
times from the fingers as they were about
to close upon him. How much longer
must the Inevitable await Its victim?
Melnlkoff's troubles date back to some
forty years ago, when he was born with
a free spirit. The first homo that he re
members was in a Russian town on the
Dona River— a town that I won't men
tion, because I'm sure you could not pro
nounce it even if I could spell lt. He is
the son of a nobleman, who sent his boy
•while still young to the Gymnasia at
Petersburg.
This Gymnasia Is like that of Germany
nothing more nor less than high school in
plain English. Here Paul, the youngster.
received his education, and when Paul the
man showed a taste for the study of
medicine he was sent to the Academy of
Medicine, also in Petersburg. There
he spent two years.
It would have taken much longer to
complete a medical course. But while
yet a student Melnikoff acquired his ruin
ous habit of thinking for himself. This
led him whither it leads many a victim.
But for it ho might to-day be comfort
ably budgeted in a Russian sleigh making
the rounds of a thrifty practice. As It is,
he stitches, stitches, day In and day out,
In the tiny tailor room on Natoma street.
His flrst dangerous move was to Join the
Party for the Freedom of the Country.
The very name smacks of all that is
hateful to Russian Government.
Somehow no direct results followed
from his joining this party, but it was
the beginning of the end. lt was his
flrst taste of independence— it was a
delicious taste. The next move was to
Join a socialist society— and Pa
rosky—and In this he made speeches.
Down swooped the Government. One
member of the society was banged and
Melnikoff, 19 years old, rashly outspoken,
zealous to white heat, was borne to the
Petersburg torti
"He'll have a chance to cool," some-
"He'll have a chance to cool," some
body said.
"The rats will listen to his speech-mak
ing now," Jeered another.
"So you think you going to teach the
Czar how to manage his affairs, do you?"
"You're a fine one to teach him. Never
mind, sonny, you'll grow older in time."
Then the lock ground and clanked itself
Bhut and Paul turned and faced the damp
darkness.
It was so dark that at first he could
barely distinguish what little was in the
cell. The only light came from a crack
of a window above. As his eyes came
to see they made out a stone fioor, damp,
bare walls, and the merest necessities of
furniture. These were all of iron and
were fastened against the wall. There
was an iron-seated chair, an iron-mat
tressed bed.
For six months he waited in the fort
ress. He saw no one but the guards, he
heard nothing from the outside world.
Meals were brought to the cell. They
were not bad meals and they were doubly
welcome, being the only diversion.
At the end of the six months came a
break in the monotony of life. Word
came suddenly that Melnikoff was to be
transported to Siberia. The word was
not of a nature to be disputed. Melni
koff went.
Karra, as we spell it, or Kara, as the
Russians prefer it, was his destination.
The prison stood dull and low and black
against a drive of gray afternoon snow.
The sky looked thick and close to the
earth. In all directions was bleak, drift
covered land and dumb, blundering snow.
The prison of Karra stood alone. It
crouched low and groveling and leper
like. It opened slow, cautious doors to
its new occupant, and when he was once
inside it shut the doors again surely. It
I
bade him a cynical welcome for twenty
years.
When he entered upon his new life the
despair was not at Its worst. He found
the prison life more comfortable, more
sociable than it htyi been in his fortress
cell at Petersburg. He had some 170 men
for companions, all socialists like him
self, and nearly all well educated. The
five-room building was dreary enough and
without adornment, but there were com
fortable stoves provided and the beds
could be slept upon. Besides this, the
prisoners were allowed to receive certain
gifts from home, so that a collection of
books had gradually grown to almost 8000
volumes, and there were enough musical
instruments for a little orchestra. Melni
koff himself used to rattle away many
an hour at the piano.
All this seemed like prison life made
easy. The socialists^ thought with pity
of the sufferings in the criminal prison,
where men and women led the life of
dogs, and outcast dogs at that. But their
own case called for self pity before nine
months of Paul's Imprisonment had worn
themselves out.
The Government took sudden alarm.
The exact cause was never known to the
men within tho barnlike walls. At any
rate, the result was summary. Officials
came one day and brought assistants.
There were sleighs waiting while they en
tered.' '-Wzx
"All these books are to be taken away,"
came the order.
Ruthless hands swept up the treasured
library. All the volumes, read and re
read and loved and cherished, were load
eel Into the sleighs.
"The musical Instruments nelct." ... .., „
One by one they went, flute and violin
and piano and all the rest.
"Every man's clothes to be exchanged
for prison garb."
Rough voices commanded and rough
hands hurried. The citizen's clothing
which had been worn by every man with
the individuality which is part and paicel
of honest pride was exchanged for the
bitter humiliation of shame-bearing uni
form.
The men were given coarse underwear
that rasped the flesh and made even the
chill of Its absence a relief. The suit was
heavy and awkward, almost covered by a
long gray overcoat. The overcoat could
not be avoided, it must be worn and
worn with all Its flaming taunts. For on
Its back was the dreaded yellow stamp —
two diamond-shaped figures and below
them the word "Prisoner."
Even this badge was not enough. Each
prisoner's head must be shaved on ti.e
right side— the old-time stamp of cap
tivity. Atop the grotesque heads were
perched round gray caps, such as dub a
man convict. And still the Government
was not satisfied.
"They have had a good time long
enough," growled the wearer of much
insignia.
"They must be tired walking so much.
These wiil help them to .rest." The offi
cer laughed as he sprung fast a set of
chains.
The chaining did not stop until it had
gone the rounds of all the socialists in
Kara prison. It was dealt out In differ
ent degrees. Melnlkoft's ankles were
held .by the distance of a short step
apart. He was one of the favored. He
saw hands as well as feet locked on all
sides and he saw men riveted: for all the
long years to come to the comradeship of
a wheelbarrow. Where they went the
wheelbarrow must go until it rotted ln Its
own fetters.
For eight years Paul Melnlkoff's ankles
chafed and ceased to chafe under their
burden^ He wore the convict trousers
that buttoned above the foot to make
room for chains. He went and came
among men who despaired and sickened
and died. He walked, short of step and
heavy of foot, within the limits marked
by rifle-bearing soldiers. He lived with
out any greeting spoken except to and
from men who spoke it In the same night
mare as his. Even work, for which they
Implored, was denied the socialist • pris
oners. The nightmare deepened and many
went mad. .-VAi-.^'-v
"After awhile you grow to see one face
always one face." Mr. Melnikoff says.
"It Is the same with all the men."
The one kind of work allowed their
hands was cooking. Turn and turn about,
seven at a time, the prisoners worked in
the kitchen. The fare was good enough.
Russia allowed her victims a quarter
pound of beef daily, besides black flour
for bread, buckwheat and potatoes. The
meals were eaten in the living and sleep
ing rooms, whore men. gathered at rough
tables or leaned in the bunks which had
replaced beds, or sank into their Insepar
able wheelbarrows.
One small room was dignified by the
name of hospital and here the sick were
cared for by any of their fellow prisoners
who would and could. Melnikoff could
laugh even then and he .can laugh even
now at the recollection of a dignified and
philosophical socialist who tried playing
dletlst for the first time. "There was
chicken soup to be made for a sick man,"
he relates, "and jmy j philosopher friend
plucked the chicken, prepared lt and hung
it against the wall while he went to boil
the water. He seasoned It* with" great
care, but when he took it to the invalid
the man asked why it tasted so watery.
My philosopher friend remembered that
the chicken still hung against the wall."
Money might be sent the prisoners by
their parents only. Some received good
sized sums, others none at all. A system
of communism existed among them, and
it was agreed that whatever money came
was to be put together and used for the
benefit of • all. Newspapers and books
were forbidden; there was no way to use
the gifts except to add to the food, pro
vided or to buy tobacco. The money was
Intrusted- to gendarmes, who made • the
little purchases. , Yp*. %-. '-'
. Smoking was the one luxury, and it
was constant. The money sent by par
ents kept the men in tobacco and cigar
ette paper. .Mr. Melnikoff showed me a
tiny, close-written, budget' of memoirs
made of this very cigarette paper, which
THE SUNDAY CALL.
was the only kind permitted. On the
little sheets of it and on scraps of wrap
ping paper cherished in secrecy the pris
oners wrote a weekly newspaper called
the Kara and circulated when guards
dozed or chatted.
The same locked box which holds the
memoirs holds also a bundle of letters
received during those eight years. The
socialists could write to no one, but let
ters could be received by them after they
had' been carefully read by an officer in
charge. Across every one of their pages
was daubed the officer's stamp ln yellow
acid. ?;.„';
There came a time when reckless men
entered a mad protest against their treat
ment and gave In feebly at last, as others
had done before them. The provocation
was the treatment of a woman In the
woman's division of the socialist prison.
The trouble arose during the visit of the
Governor General. When he entered a
certain room one woman remained seated.
"Why don't you rise?" he snarled.
"Why should I rise for you?" she re-,
torted. "You are the cause of our suffer
ing."
The man fumed. "Fifty lashes," he or-
The man fumed. "Fifty lashes," he or
dered, after having. a superficial examina
tion made by a physician who swore that
fifty lashes were safe. The woman died.
Whipping was unprecedented in the so
cialists' prison. The Inmates were intelli
gent people who had always received,
even at the worst, somewhat better tteit
ment than criminals. They rose as one
man and demanded justice.
The only justice rendered was a brief
Imprisonment for the physician. All
others concerned were exonerated. The
prisoners grew desperate.
"Let ' us starve ourselves," the leader
said. "Wee may frighten the powers .in
that way."
■ Day after day they fasted. Four died
for want of food, and others, not able
to endure the slow death, shot, poisoned
or hanged themselves. In all twelve died.
But the Government only continued to
send food.
And so the protest died out, and the
great still despotism went on as before.
There came a day when Paul Melnikoff,
great 3turdy Russian that ho was, gave
way under the strain. He' had lived
through his boyhood with a sound mind
in a sound body; now he had neither.
Brain fever developed.
There were days and nights of suffer
ing and delirium, in which he burned the
memoirs and novels that he had painfully
written on slowly gathered bits of pa
per. When ■he woke he - had forgotten
even his name. < ••
- Little by little strength and memory
returned, and then came news that posed
as generous. His sentence to imprison
ment for twenty years was to be com
muted.' Now, when-half- that' time had
not yet expired, he was to be granted
freedom as wide as the boundaries of Si
beria. Exile he must still remain.
The chains were loosened and they fell
from weary ankles. Paul Melnikoff
stepped forth past the rifle-bearing sol
diers for the first time in almost nine
years. He looked about him vaguely and
lifted his feet as if they were yet heavy.
Here was freedom, after a fashion, but
what to do with It?
Those who set him free said: "Go to
Amoor. That is the place for exiles. You
can farm there." : ■ *■< -. -. • .*-.-.,*' --.• '*- " .
He went to Amoor, but he did not
farm. He thought over the things that
he knew how to do, and he chose school
teaching.
In the town he started a school for boys
and girls. He found patrons and the en-
terprise throve. Then one day came the
announcement that he was a socialist,
an exile. When people heard this they
withdrew their children from his classes.
He must earn a living somehow. The
way. came when he fell in with the cap-
tain of a steamer on the Amoor River.
He was finally made second captain.
This lasted no longer than the school.
Word came racing after him . that the
Government would not permit him to
carry on the work.
Next he traveled to Vladivostok. He
had been given a passport when he left
the prison— a passport that was good all
over Siberia. He had been told then that
he was free to go wherever It carried him.
In Vladivostok ho became manager of
a railway station. The position was good,
and as the weeks went by he began to feel
the self-respect of Independence return
ing. He met a Russian woman who was
young and free and good to look upon.
He loved her and married her.
He had been in the railway station for
eleven mohths when the Government
reached after him. "You must go back
to Amoor and live away from all towns.
Take a farm," he was told.
He replied by showing his passport
which gave him the freedom of all Si
beria. "That makes no difference. The
Government commands," was all the 'an-
swer. &«.,->' . ■ i
-Then he grew bitter where before he
had been gloomy. "A robber or murderer
ls treated better," he said. -'When they
are set free nobody hunts them down.
They are at least forgotten."
Then followed one. of the escapes that
are famous the world over. ■ It was made
in disguise. An American captain. In the
year 1595, took on board a Russian and his
wife who had outwitted the shrewdest
of Russian guards. Melnikoff's use of
French had enabled him to carry out his
disguise. , .
He sailed for Manila, but found hard
times waiting for him there. One hun-
dred Mexican dollars paid his own and
his wife's passage to Hongkong and there
he worked for the ten cents a day which
the white man must accept if he will com-
pete with native labor. A friend whom he
met.there helped him to Singapore, and
there Melnikoff opened a store and began
to feel like a man once .man.
„** But it was not , long . before he learned
that the Russian Consul- at Singapore
had received a . letter saying that . Paul
Melnikoff, an escaped exile, was In his
city, and he must investigate the matter
and take action. Cautiously the Consul
went about lt.
flfl: EXISTENCE OF PERSE-
CUTION SINCE BOYHOOD
A Russian ship from the Bering Sea
arrived, and the captain sent to Melnikoff
to bargain for provisions. He agreed to
have them delivered before time for the
ship to sail. The captain told him that
he must come himself for his payment.
-.Danger seemed ln the air. The knowl
edge of the Consul's knowledge, the man
ner of the captain, all whispered risk and
mystery. He consulted an Englishman
who was well posted. The Englishman
tola him that he could not be arrested in
the city, but on board a Russian vessel
he would be In the power of the Czar.
When he went on board it was nearly
time for the ship to -sail. He took natives
with him who were his friends, and they
were armed with knives. "If any one at
tempts to hold me, fight," he directed
When he arrived on deck and the cap
tain met him, there ensued a war of di
plomacy-that lasted until time for the
vessel to leave. The captain first. invited
him into the cabin, then urged, then in
sisted. Melnikoff stood firm, protesting
that he could receive the money on deck
as well as within. He did not care to
drink. There was no -further business be
tween them.
For more than an hour the captain per
sisted. His excuses seemed without limit
The dealer must come inside to receipt
the bill, he persisted.
Melnikoff had an Indelible pencil in his
pocket. He could not be beguiled into
leaving his attendants and entering the
cabin.
So the vessel departed and he was safe "
But the Consul was very angry. -He
could work darkly and prudently no
longer. He deliberately summoned his
victim. .........
"You are an escaped exile and I will
have you arrested," he announced.
. Melnikoff was prepared. He gave au
thority for the statement that he could
not be taken— there .was no extradition
law to warrant such- doings.
The Consul was more angry. "I will
have you arrested for vagrancy."
"That will not, hold In English territory
since I have a home." '
So far the agent of Russia was foiled,
-MeSSlSff knewWs He deemed Singa
pore an unsafe place. He borrowed money
to come to San Francisco.
toH^ha\kn!wn trouble" almost starvation.
in our city His story is that of the pen-
Idles* stranger in * f^ange^
God we have no children, h.s wire sajs.
At last he learned tailoring and took
his work home. He and his wife botn
work on the soldier clothes. They are
poor but they might be happy if it wer,
not for the Sword of Damocles.
Two Russians have tried to poison
them. ' ■
"Why?" I asked.
"Russia has many agents," he replied
darkly. "A criminal is of little Import
ance, but a socialist is always counted
dangerous. There are many Russian
criminals in this country. They are let
alone, but the Government says to them,
You will be given passports to return if
you can first render some service to your
country. The killing of a socialist is al
ways such a service. My death would al
low -some one to return to his native
land.
The first attempt at poisoning took
place v, hen £lelni£oft was in ill health.
A Russian £-m he had met and Invited
to his home offered to prescribe for him.
He brought medicine which the man and
his wife took. Both nearly died.
Later, he was introduced .o a Russian
£*& 85522 S&& took long ard roundabout
ways to win the exile's friendship. He
trusted, and at last gave thi clerk a room
to lodge in. SaVe th* clerk aroom
.r^e'iii'^'"'' been there snOT time when
n u.nl? °*scurred..*Mrs. Me.nikoff prepared
%X n<L°if ."V"11 Jolly one day, a Russian
dish, and left lt.on the table. When she
and her husband came tack to the room
they found their lodger mere. He was al
jelly eating. He did nit eat any of the
After dinner both hlsband and wife
»{^*t£kSn*.vio,ently sick- Two dogs
which had been fed t^e remnants of the
Jelly were sick and mi of them died. Ex
amination found arsenic Poisoning, the
cause.
fW^XWI 6tayn™r' Mehlkoff told his lodger
?«*aei£ d.aj'jLlr- Mehikoff told his lodger
left Zart,^.T.h^ man asked no reason, but
left immediately / •
Peace settled* far some time. Now a
M«i„**titiJi a darkT-Jitern is walking over
Melnikoff roof nights and throwing
light into his windrtv. Men do not usually
walk on roofs by ray of a constitutional.
<,*r.au r day the man and woman
stitch their ba-e, clean little rooms and
5. i -.w F(?r wha-? They do not know.
"^h<T k,l°w thence It will come.
i hank God ye have no children." she
says. V KATHRYN MARCH.W^ fL% ______^ ■ I W*
_^r _*. —^^_M—^_±. -^. JBm
_^T _^__________________________________________________________________________________ MJ
_____________________________________w z^&t ___\ __^ _w _____
-^X^lf**
t_______________________-y/^u
r S i k. <? J^
V V# fe^K-Ja .
W *^A
m W_&
.Ml k*P
THE old steam
whaler Mary
D. Hume, the
first vessel of
her class t o
winter in the
Arctic, has made her
last voyage to the i
frozen north. Since j
the day she was I
turned from a smart I
steam schooner into
a full-fledged blub- '
ber hunter," the
Hume has been al
most continuously j
off the mouth of the :
Mackenzie River and i
there is no vessel i
afloat to-day that j
has remained as long
In the land of the I
midnight sun with
out a change of base
as she.
During nine years
sf continuous serv
ice the Hume- only
once returned to civ
once r civ
ilization. That was
ln IS&2. Early in 1593 1
she returned to Her
schel Island and in
the Arctic circle she
remained until a few
days ago. when she
returned to San
Francisco, her days
as a whaler being
numbered.
The Hume will
The Hnme
now be turned into
a "cannery tender."
and as such will tow
and as such wl
the sailing vessels of
the Pacific Steam
Whaling Company's
Whaling •'• mpany's
fleet in and out the
harbors of Prince
Williams Sound.
The Mary D.
Hume was built
nearly eighteen
years ago by George
W. Hume, the sal
\V. Hume, the sal
mon packer, and
named for his wife.
She was as smart a
little steam schoon
er as there was on
the coast in those
'
days, and many a
successful trip "she
made between here
mad* !;. re
and Eel River, car
rying butter and
.-cc*- and produce.
In the year lg 8 the
schooner Nicol ene
was caught in the
Ice and could not get
south of Point Bar
row. The captain
made the best of his
hard luck and spent
a pretty fair winter,
all things consider
ed. in the spring of
ISS!) he saw plenty of
whales In the open
sea. but for lack of
steam he could not
he could not
get his vessel any
where near the levi
athans. On his re
turn to San Fran
cisco In the fall of
that year he told of
his experience and
the late Captain J.
H. Knowle b wa s
quick to s*e the pos
sibilities of a steam *
The /Host f?emaH<abTe Battle to
the Death Between a whate
and a SV-fOPdFTsh OFF the
Island oF Santa CataTlna. .
THE passengers on the little steam-
er that makes dally trips be-
tween San Pedro Harbor, near
Los Angeles, and Santa Cata-
llna Island, some thirty miles out
in the Pacific Ocean, were ex-
cited the oth»r day by a terrific battle
between two sea monsters. The spec-
tacle from the deck of the steamer,
about a mile away from the scene of
the combat, was a small mountain of
mist tossing in the air, at the base of
which a huge tyack tail churned the
water like the blades of a screw pro
• peller. The monsier-a very large sized
whale— turned thte way and that, all
the time lashing iti black tall with fury
and beating the water so that the
sound came like claps of thunder to
every one on board the Catallna Isl
and boat. The wha'^ suddenly turned,
and, spouting a po\*erful stream of
water and blood cone twenty feet In
the air, lashed tb« "Wetter with several
Inthe
north. He
the
the
H v
deck on
her
little
a
April
Vs;in* the
• whali-r D.
■ Hume on her
command
Captain James A.
Every prepara
tion had been made for
off . the mouth
oi the Mackenzie River,
Varni in consequence the men
did not suffer a great deal
their absence from civ-
ilization. There was an abund
ance of fresh meat, as dee;*
were plentiful and eider ducks
were brought to the frozen-in
steamer by the Esquimaux In
thousands. The men had to be
X kept employed, however, in order
W to ward off scurvy: In consequence
' gangs were sent out every day on
tutting expeditions, others went
hunting the polar bear, while some
had to hunt members of the crew
who were foolish enough to attempt
to escape up the river to Canada and
civilization. All kinds of games were
played, but the favorite was football.
powerful flaps of Its tall, and sank be
neath the surface of the ocean.
The little steamer made for the scene
of the battle with all speed, and every
one of the passengers was terribly ex
cited at the scene, but when the boat
reached the spot where the great whale
was last seen, nothing but foaming
water, reddened with blood, marked the
locality. There were several old-time
sailors on board the steamer and they
all agreed that a battle unto death be
tween a Bivordfish and a female whale
had been fought before their eyes. The
swordfish had the advantage of the
great sea mammal and was thrusting
its only weapon of attack and defense
—the long, sharp and pointed sword—
Into the vulnerable sides of the un
wieldy whale. The great mammal
could but thrash its tail about in im
potent rage until at last a vital spot
was reached by the attacking sword
fish, and the whale was vanquished.
A dozen or more old men who sit
about the docks and the Custom-houses
at Sau FecU-Q aud fan Plego, alter a
a con-
played the
In a blanket"
a game the men learned
the' Esquimaux, and- some
of them neany broke their necks
ln attempting to rival the aboriginal.
The blanket was made j out of wajrils
hide pieced togelher and hung in aslant
ing position. The performer began cm the
upper end, and after being- thrown into
the air had to make his way to the. lower
end In gradually decreasing bounds until
he dropped to the Ice in safety. If. his
eye failed him the result would be an im-
pact with the ice that Would raise a howl
of delight among the eajer onlookers,
but would not be appreciated In the. same
ratio , by the unfortunate performer.'
The accompanying pictures are perhaps
the only ones ln San Francisco of games
in the frozen north taken by the rays of
the aurora boreaus.. Many a whaler has
wintered there since the Mary D. Hume
found the way, but the captains have
been too busy to take pictures, and in
consequence many a trait, of Indian life
and the pastimes of the icebound .whalers
have missed the camera. ':■>
The winter of 1890-91 was. the first one
the Hume spent in the, Arctic, -in the
spring of ISP2 she was the first the field
and secured the phenomenal ..catch," of
thirty-six whales. At thUt-.tlmc the price
of whalebone was, very high and; a whale
was valued* at from $10,000 tojla.ooo,- ac-
cording to his size. The Hume's catch
realized nearly half a million- -dollars.
Captain Tilton's "lay" made him a rich
man, and he Is now living in New, Bed-
ford on the Interest of the money earned
ln that memorable venture. •-~ .; ■:■
- April 13, 1883. the Hume, after a
thorough overhauling, started , for the
Arctic once more, She wns- to again win-
ter off the mouth of the ' Mackenzie, but
this time she was not to be alone; .; Al-
most the entire steam whaling; company's
fleet was to keep her company, - .while
Roth, Blum & Co., Lewis, Anderson &
Co. and James Mcltenna had representa
tives among the Icebound. fleet. C
Captain George B. Leavitt -was in com-
mand of the Hume, and before going into
long career ln the whaling fields of the
Pacific Ocean, say that , the • battle be
tween the whale and the swordfish last
week was not. uncommon. -Several of
the old tars say they .have, witnessed
just as good fights between: similar
combatants, and. besides; that in near
ly every, case the swordfish' is. the at
tacking party. Many, men who have
been on whaling voyages have, found
wounds in the carcasses of whales that
were undoubtedly left there by an an
gry swordfish. -If is' seldom, ho tv ever,
that a swordfish is . able to "stab . the
whale to death. ,'. :„ ■ ■>
The swordfish la utterly without -fear
and will, like a buffalo I or. rhinoceros.
charge anything that offends Mt," often
doing an amount of execution: hardly to
be believed did not the evidence exist.
Combats between- swbrdfishv are most
Interesting, and may be compared to a
duel between two expert -swordsmen.
Such a contest was observed i off i the
long pier- that, extends -out into the
ocean at Santa Monica; hear, Los An
geles,- last year. Some fishermen' no
ticed two big fish leaping out of the
water . and.daehius .alc-DSttJae-autCace.
THE SUNDAT CALL.
9as&&a®&i ©$> © <s>©^.^©3*©-*o^©<s>@
I Stovy oF I
I &tovy oF <
I th*? |
I ..-"arid H^'' i
I and H^i- I
| SepvTce i
I m th-a Arctic- 1
©❖©.-$• ©S> © «>©<S>© «!> ©<K^<-*>©s>©*© *6
•<■». © » O ■«*■ D <?■©«© $ ©<&©■s©<■>■©■-s•© *>© *•• #
winter quarters he secured fourteen
whales. During the season when the sun
, Is hidden the men of the Hume taught
I the crews of the rest of the fleet how to
i enjoy themselves. ■ That season there
were.football matches for the port watches
, and baseball matches for the starboard
• watches. *.':.. ■
The aurora borealla made It possible for
I the men to play at all hours, so they lost
' track of time and played or worked, with
i their regular watch off for sleep, continu
-1 ously. Skipping. contests were always go
j ing em, and some of the boatsteerers out-
I did the natives at tossing In the blanket,
i while the baseball nines and football
I teams developed some crack players,
--| The fall of -INM found the-? Hume again
:' V. ■ '. f
Soon it was seen that they were sword-
fish. The season was when the flsh are
unusually ferocious. They had made
several rushes, and when observed
were at close quarters, striking each
other powerful side blows like cavalry-
men. This was unsatisfactory, and
Anally they separated and darted at '
each other other like arrows, the water
hissing as their sharp dorsal flns cut
through it. They evidently struck:
head-on, one missing, while the! eword
of the other struck Just' below the eye
and plowed a deep furrow in the . fiah, ;
partly disabling it so that it turned'
and attempted to escape. .But its ad- .
versary also .turned, and with a rush
drove its sword completely through the -
body of Its foe and held it fast, only
wrenching its weapon loose when its
enemy stopped swimming. -
This one lunge finished the battle,
' and the victor left the field. '•* The van-"
qulshed, noating on the surface, waa
picked up by , the fishermen. The
wounds In the dead flsh were examined
several hundred people in Los An-
geles and Santa Monica. They gave *■■
aj-njia evidence .of the extraordinary
in win-
ter quarters,
time six^'^B
whales. In the spring^M
ofMß9s,she went to the
westward of Herschel Isi-
and returned to winter quar-^M
ters with seven whales. . She
went out in • 1895 and caught Hve^^^B
whales, but did not get hack to her^^B
winter quarters. - She was caught ourjM
in the open and had to make her bed off"
S. a' Horse Island. Once more her crew had
to winter alone, but by this time they were
■u/ed to it and Old not suffer much from
loneliness in consequence. - -■
In September, 1897, Captain Leavitt. went
from the Hume to the Newport and Cap
tain William Hegarty, a New England
man, kook charge of the little brigantine.
For the first time in her life as a whaler
not a- whale was taken during the season.
In disgust Captain Hegarty started- for
San '.Francisco, but the Arctic froze very
early, that year, and in company with half
a dozen other vessels the Hume was
caught" out In the open. The news reach
ed San ' Francisco on the steam whaler
Alexander and was told exclusively ln
The Call. Through the efforts of this pa
per a. relicf i expedition was sent north on
'the' revenue cutter Bear and the men of
the fleet were saved from ; starvation.
. When the Ice broke up in the 'spring of
l'-M the Jessie. H. Freeman was carried
ashore' and ground to pieces.- -but the
Hume escaped. That . season she took
thirteen whales to make up for the fall
ure of 18§7. This year she took six whales,
so .that In nine years her different crews
have* taken eighty-seven whales, valued
at over a million dollars net, and yet the
Hume Ms: only 100 tons net burden and
.looks like a box under steam. „ On her way
hoipe-shq was very nearly lost." During a
severe -'storm.-' her forefoot was carried
away and she. began to leak. A couple of
tho''. boats were "smashed into kindling
wood, ci nd it looked for a time. as though
the Hume had made her last voyage, She
weathered the gale, however, and reach
ed San Francisco In due time. She is
still In the ring, and as a cannery tender
has many year* of .usefulness yet ah*"-*, of
ferocity of a thrust by a swordfish.
The force with which a swordfish
strikes has been variously estimated,
but that it Is equal to that which
drives a 24-pound shot from a howitzer
will be believed easily after viewing
the results. .".:,.,
In the waters of California three
kinds of swordfish can be seen
Xlphius gladius. Tetrapturus albidus,
and Hlstophorus, The flsh engaged in
the battle described were of the kind
first named. It is the ordinary sword
fish found on both i sides of • the Atlan
tic, In appearance trim and shipshape
a. table privateer. It is a piratical
cousin of the mackerel. The striking
feature is - the sword; which is a con
tlnuatlon of the upper jaw ■ Into a
sharp, bony, sword. The Jaws are
toothless, the lower one being hard
or bony. The eyes are large and prom
ine'nt, the tall sickle-shaped and pow
erf ul, and the whole appearance of thu
flßh .denotes speed and activity.
It attains a length of from five to
nine feet, and when working at full
speed can pierce a wooden hull sheath
ed. with copper. One of the most re-
her.
The
late
n
s.
the founder
the Pad-
fie Steam
Com-BJ
the^B
Hum«
Inseparably^^
ln the his^B
of Arctic whal-^B
ing. Captain Knowlesßl
the plan
that has proved so rich^B
in results, and the Mary^B
| D. Hume was the llttle^B
that turned his the-^B
ories into golden success.
One of the most curious
finds over made from the sea
was that which came to the^B
Azores in 1868. The Island of
I'e-i'vie was then In possession °f^H
two beach-combers, runa w a >'^H
English Bailors,' , There tame BJ
drifting Into a little harbor one
morning a craft which had cvi- BJ
I dently been frozen In the ice for a
I lifetime, and had, lately been releas- B
I ed,'« lt had come down from Davis w
I strait, and .was an ancient- and bat- ™
tered hulk without masts, bulwarks
or name. The craft hart been a brig,
and she was a Russian. Her hatches
I were on and Jr--- cabin doors fast, and
markable cases on record Is that of the
ship Dreadnought. One day at sea
the crew felt a sudden shock, and soon
after that the ship sprung a . leak and
was obliged to put into port. It was
found when she was drydocked that a
large swordfish had struck her. The
sword had penetrated the copper, then
the thick oak hull, passing through the
thick pine sheathing, and finally enter
ing the head of a barrel. The sword
was broken off short, partly plugging
the wound.
. One of the finest specimens of the
Tetrapturus albidus ever seen in Cali
fornia waters was found recently on
the shore off San Diego. It was a mag
nificent specimen, about . six feet in
length, [ the body ' massive and f power
ful . and remarkable for its shape. It
did not taper to the tail, as many of,
its. tribe do, but continued large all the'
way to the tail, which was powerful.
It had a long dorsal An almost the en
tire length of the back, and its sword
was short. Evidently .the sword had
been partly broken off in a fierce com
bat with another of Its kind. The head;
was . large, -. as - were . the eyes. r An ex-
the hulk war Buoy
ant. She had come
out of the belly of
an iceberg. She had
little cargo, and that
consisted of skins
and furs in prime
condition. No papers
were found In her
cabin, but it was
figured that she was
a sealer or trader,
carrying a crew of
ten or twelve, and
that she. had been
provisioned for a
year. The flour
aboard tasted like
chalk, but the beef
was perhaps better
than the day It was
put on board. She
had been abandoned
when frozen In, and
the dark color of the
woodwork and the
growth of i moss
proved that she had
drifted for years.
Then she got fast
In the ice, and be
came part of a berg.
The date of a let
ter found in her
forecastle sho wed
that she had been
abandoned marly
half a century be
for c. The hulk
drifted on to a sandy
beach and the comb
ers went to work on
her. They got out
the furs, which
brought them $4000,
hoisted out a couple
of barrels of beef,
and then set fire to
the wreck, and little
remained of her
when the story leak
ed out. That the
hulk had come down
from the far north
was proved only a
few weeks later by
the log of an Eng
lish merchantman.
She reported passing
a great iceberg to
northwest of ths
Azores, and of see
ing a' curious object
embedded in it fifty
feet above ■ the sur
face of the water.
Tnis object was be
lieved to be a whale,
but lt was probably
the hull of the brig.
Getting down into
the warm seas, the
berg fell to pieces,
and that queer old
relic found herself
afloat again. ;;-,;.'■; ■'*
It is not generally
known that the
Prince of Monaco—
who- rules* over one
of the smallest
principalities in the
world, one of the
I most beautiful, and,
go far as Monte Car
j lo is concerned, one
of the wickedest— Is
I a man devoted to
j science, and to this
| study of that "og-
Iraphy" which re-
lates to the life of
the ocean. A muse-
um of oceanography
is now in process of
building at . Monte
Carlo, destined to
hold the famous col-
lections made by the
Prince during the
1 last fifteen years or
more. To his partic-
ular line of research
he has brought all
his enthusiasm and
j all the resources at
his command. He
has explored ocean
depths as great as
9600 feet. If any-
thing can atone (or
the existence of his
gaming tables, per-
haps his disinterest
i ed devotion to
J science may.—
' per's Bazar. -'.-'-;--.'
animation of the carcass showed lt had
doubtless succumbed to a fierce thrust
from an enemy, possibly a Xiphlus, or
long swordfish, as it had a single cut
two and a half inches wide that pene
trated the entire* body like a knife
thrust. The defeated swordfish had ap
parently been carrying on an unequal
fight. Armed with a short sword or
dagger it had been struck by a caval
ryman of the sea, whose keen rapier
had killed It. The body amazed the
fishermen.
A singular thing in connection with
the swordfish is that little or nothing
is known regarding its breeding habits,
and a young swordfish, so far as
known, has never been seen on the Cal
ifornia coast. The young are curious
creatures, with enormous eyes, and the
/Jaws, upper and lower, of ejqual length.
The | swordfish of California are rare-
ly brought in, being found principally
at sea or on the windward coast of the
** Los Angeles County islands, where they
follow the school of mackerel and
other fish, upon which they feed. They
are. not seen in sufficient number to
justify fishermen following then*.
2526
A fi\st U/itty tye ip tye presidio hospital.
/ ; 5 f*. / / < f la J V 1/ J
Jhe X,ong /fours of Darkness
firing Pathetic incidents in the
Wards of the grave fioys Who
Returned JVc/c and Dying.
IT was eleven at night. A little moon-
lit mist slid ln from the Point and
stole, shimmering, over the Presidio
hill. Beneath It the still tents were
sketched sharply In black and white.
Eleven o'clock and all's well— all
that might be seen. Soldiers slept In their
little slant-roofed houses. Other soldiers
came rollicking campward In a late car.
Eleven o'clock and all's well.
Past the gloom of the trees and across
thq bare slope 'beyond I walked to the
hospital. It rose still and big and dim.
and seemed to say in dignity, "Here, too,
a.i is well." In the rear of It, opening
from the square court, I found ten wards.
Within them stood long rows of beds
Where men lay delirious and dying. They
aro the part of our army who cannot lie
quiet and dreamless under canvas, nor
make merry '.*:•.'. merriment fades Into
Bleepy hours. Instead, they toss through
long nights of feverish dreams and wake
to dreary thoughts of the other boys who
are up and off to faraway homes.
The whole night through I watched wit.i
the watchers. The corps of night nurses
had gone on duty at 7:30, and I followed
the course of their twelve-hour labor un
til 7:30 of the next day brought them to
bedtime. Twenty-four hours of hard
labor Is divided between, two sets of work
ers. What Ib that we used to hear —
Eight hours to work, -V;
Eight hours to play.
Eight hours to sleep >
The powers that he at the United
States General Hospital of San Francisco
have probably forgotten the rhyme. It's
only an old jingle, anyway.
1 began with the surgical ward. I read
the posted instructions carefully before
entering: "No admittance without a
pass,*' and "Don't slam the door." I
drew out my potent Blip that bears the
signature of Colonel Girard, and then en
tered—a hush.
The glimmer from one screened light
and the cuddiiy-warm stove made ghosts
of the white iron beds and paled adown
the length of the room until the ghosts
faded away Into measureless dark. A
nurse crept, still of foot and grave of
face, to meet me and drew me into the
warmth. "These boys are mostly con
valescent," she said, "they are sleeping."
The door was closed. There was only
one sound to be heard for the length of
the ward. It was the sound of many
men Bleeping the sleep of pain.
The breath came wearily heavy from
one, short and struggling from another.
Rustling and turning were heard. Moans
broke in now and then— moans that the
waking man would choke back scorn
fully, that sleep warily wrings from _
him, off his guard. A
The nurse gave me a seat by the Am
crooning fire, whore her own chair AW
and table stood. A book or two and M__
a magazine lay on the table. _U
"You have a comfortable place
to rest and read," I whispered
Rhe smiled soberly. "We don't
have time to reach much," she
A cough of waking sounded
from the other end of the
ward. She rose, with a firm
hand stilling the chair, and
pattered away.
Alone in the drowsy
warmth. I stared at the
beds, and little by little
my eyes taught them
selves to see dim shapes.
When the nurse re
turned it was to strike
a match and select medi
cine from a case in the
center of the room. "We
hardly ever wake a man
to dose him, but this ■
one has waked him- I
self," she explained.
The medicine w .is
she I
Bhe I
came to me I
She
g r oans
from
from
the of I
the
t is
t is
a
a a
once
When
set-
Bleep
the
room
in charge of I
in of I
the assistant, I
me
through the in
of shiny white painted
rooms, clean and druggy
rooms, cK-an and druggy
to smell. There is a spick
and span little room where
the water Is sterilized, and be-
sides this are places wher mcdi- ■
cines and bandages range, shelf upon
shelf, and there are lavatories, and
beyond them all is the operating
room. Its walls are high and white, and
the operating table waits, fixed and
ghastly In the center. Unrelenting Bteel
things glitter on tables made of sterilized
glass; savage little instruments, with the
savagery born at civilization. It Is the
cleanest, crudest place i ever saw.
"The surgical ward Is especially hard
on account of the constant dressing of
wounds," the nurse said.
And as I progressed I found every one
especially hard. The nurses are a quiet
set of women, too busy to find time for
complaint. But whoever thinks army
nursing an easy life let him try, or even
watch a night of It.
It was at 12 o'clock that all the night
nurses left their wards in the charge of
the assistants and betook themselves to
the kitchen of the nurses' building for
lunch. It is an informal little meal, where
the ten drop In and drop out as quickly
as they can do so. A tall woman, good
of heart and clever of cookery, nerved
steak and potatoes and mushrooms from
the brick range, and every luncher had
brought her own cup for coffee. The
lunch was good, but it was swallowed in
dinner-nail time, In order to be back with
the boys.
"Are any of yours dying?" one of
them said. \x.-y2
"Yes," replied her neighbor, "two of
them won't last through the night, the
doctor thinks.
"How is your thin man?"
"Just the same. He is one who can't
live."
"Did yoa know that Miller was very
stubborn ln objecting to a change of
wards?"
"All the boys are like that. They al
ways like their flrst nurse best." v\*:";>;
This was another phase. "It takes tact
to get along with them, doesn't. it?" I
asked. Xx-X.- X- .2yX .:!Z'--
"Tact? I should think so. A sick man
ls usually not very different from a
child. Sometimes a nurse will try the
work and not be able to get along at all."
"Number 28 talks, all the time about his
money."
"Wha: Is the matter?"
"What is the matter?"
"Typfc
"You get so used to the work that It
"You get so used to the work that lt
ls no long distressing, I suppose," I
put ln.
"We got used to it. but It never be
comes a Joke," said the pretty one. She.
wore a crisp little military jacket over
her blue and white uniform, and from the
flutter of a cap that she wore even unto
the hem bf her apron she was as brisk
ly dainty as a feather-duster soubrette.
"Come to my ward after lunch," she
said, and 1 went.
There I saw the thin man. His thin
ness is his fame. It Is the one distinc
tion that his fighting has won for him.
Wispy, with the claws of a bird.
. 1 turned hack to the warm corner be
hind the screen. It v.as easier so.
The- assistant, bearing the red cross
of the hospital corps, lounged In a rock-
ing hair. Then v.as nothing that he
could be doing. Two men in the ward
lay waiting to die, but when they have
been bi rvod In every detail that physician
and nurse can direct, then there is no use
disturbing one's self. Death is a very
commonplace affair '■■< the hospital corps.
Soon after midnight the doctor vis- a
ited Ward I. He was on his last .^fl
round. The sick men were
rearing the deep sleep of the
morning hours when a phy-
not likely to be jm
He
prescribed, chatr
The
attends
two
the two
of
each
H e
H e ,^1
i a
black as the coal he carries, and he
looms up cheerfully ln every ward from
A to J.
The door opened softly soon after the
doctor had left, and another nurse stole
In. "I'm afraid that boy of yours Is
dying," she wlspered nervously. Riy
nurse and I followed her. <\'l --';'>:
She was a hit frightened, for she had
been given charge of two lsloated cases
that were new to her. We found them
ln a small room behind one of the wards.
The light was turned on brightly, al
though shaded from the two patients'
eyes. The light was necessary, for the
work over their beds was. constant, and
day and night had merged ln their un
knowingnees.
"They are both typhoids," whispered
the nurse. ;:- y.'~*Wp,
She who had directed their care before
approached the one who had alarmed his
new guardian. She laid a steady hand on
his fumbling one. "He ls no worse," she
reassured. *
"Last night they were both delirious,"
she continued. "I had to hold one or the
other in bed all the time. You see they
are not so violent now."
She returned to her ward and I was left.
A small oilstove turned In the room, but
only one sheet was spread over the fevered
bodies of the two men. The one lay with
eyes closed and moaned, moaned without
ceasing. The other plucked with long,
eager hands at the sheets, and followed
me with eyes of glittering glass. l\Z^X'.
The nurse attempted to feed the first
one, but he could not swallow. He was
half conscious of what she was doing.
"Oh, I can't. O Lord! Nurse, don't—
nurse, nurse!" , .-^y^'v-J'
His voice died away in inarticulate
groans. ' ryy-x * ■
She worked on patiently. Across the
room the glittering eyes' were fixed upon
me and I could not escape them.
The face that belonged to the eyes was
white with the dull .whiteness of death.
The nostrils were wide and suggested a
skeleton. A straggling growth of black
beard made the face ghastlier.
The eyes and I stared at each other.
They fascinated and terrified. Could they
see? Could they know? I moved back to
the door and still they turned and were
after me. They made me feel hunted—
guilty.
The plucking and clutching grew fever
ish, then violent. With a summoning of
the paltry little strength left him, the
man started to rise from the bed. The
eyes were still upon me. if-'Z-y'Z
The nurse drew up the knot In a sheet
which was tied upon the bed to gently
hold one prisoner. She crossed the room.
"Lie down again, Mason," she soothed.
"Is there something you want? Let me
get it for you." : *?f ' ,
His little energy slackened and let go.
He fell back. **■ ;W '
"Bring me my clothes," he whined.
"There's money ln 'em. I want it; I want
GEN. .CHARLES ICING'S: THRILLING 'STORY.
"Pound in the Phfifpprneis 5?
WILL COMMENCE IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
THE SUNDAT CALL.
to take care of It."
"Yes, you shall have lt ln the morning.
Walt until morning. Mason. I'll take good
care of It." **.-.*; y**-.
"But— l— might be— stolen"- —
•The words mumbled away Into mere
sounds that had no power to give them
selves shape. But the eyes, fearing and
fearful, did not cease their troubled vigil
ance. He was 'not satisfied. zjy^
"I think the sight- of a strange face
worries him," I said.
Shuaderlng, I went out to the quiet
ward and walked the length of it. The
eyes haunted me even to the door. Then
I stepped out upon the great veranda and
felt the cold, clear night air in my face
as I walked, and. the Only eyes that met
me were the clean little twinkling stars.
Out of doors all was- calm and healthy
and sane. , I forgot ' the fever and the
madness within. , *- _
Four o'clock came when I was In th*
crowded typhoid ward at the end ,of the
veranda. Here I found forty men ln all
stages of the disease, except violent de
lirium, with two nurses to attend them.
It Is the only ward that has more than
one, although nearly 400 patients are
within, the walls.
Three lights were burning, for at
tendance was constant. The disease al
lows but little sleep. What sleep there
is breaks repeatedly into sorry waking.
Throughout the room muttering and
calling and whimpering could be heard. .
"What Is It you want, Pierce?" the
nurse asked, her hand pushing back the
tumbled hair of a big, pale boy, who
looked without understanding.
"Peanuts— oh, bring me ' some pea
nuts!" he fretted.
She laughed cozlly. "When you are
better you shall have them. Rest now,"
she said, stroking the white forehead.
"There Is bathing and plunging to be
done all the early part of the night in
this fever ward," the assistant told me.
"The .water Is made warm at first, then
the temperature is gradually lowered,
and finally Ice Is put in."
The nurse came to me. "There's a con
valescent awake at the other end of the
ward," she said; "No. 36. He wants to
know If our visitor' won't come and see
him. He can't sleep."
A chair was placed for me at the bed
side of a plucky Minnesota youngster,
who saw his fellow-lighters mustered ouc
and away to their northern homes while
he thrashed a fever out in the hospital
prison house.
.. "I'm in cell No. 36." he told me with a
gleam of white teeth, which showed where
a smile could be found ln his dark end
of the room.
"Plucky," I said. There are men who
faced all thai was most terrible in war
and faced it Without flinching; but some
of those very men lie sick and fret as
feebly as babies, while others storm
curses of impatience that a six-handed
nurse couldn't quench. Still others are
meekly grateful. But the Minnesota
youngster, was none of these." He was
just jolly, good-natured, no more nor
less: while discreet care tantalized his
returning appetite with a milk diet that
many a veteran would never take humor
ously. Xvi;' ..:'-'
"They won't let me even sit up yet,"
he said, "after all these weeks. I was
sent up in the first place for two days,
and here I am. But I'm going to leave"
for home in three weeks. The nurses are
all right, but a follow wouldn't mind
seeing his mother when he's laid up like
this." Z'{y'Zx.
And I'll wager that his mother wouldn't
mind seeing a fellow when he's the kind
that that one is. It's a ringing good cheer
that he'll carry back to Minnesota, and
here's luck to the trip! ;'- . - .. . .
"I can't sleep ln the morning," he ex
plained. "You hear how this noise keeps
up all over the ward. , That one calls and
swears and the next jabbers all kinds of
nonsense, and that one sings a lot of
the time." '?.
A queer, unearthly chant suddenly rose
from one of the heapy beds. It was a
weird noise in the night.
The boy talked on with the hurry that
belongs to an Invalid. He rambled over
Manila and he branched off to cam
paigns. He talked of waiting and of ac
tion and told of a night when twenty
men and their lieutenant slept- on a wet
nillside with blankets for beds and
a fog for roof. He laughed a feeble
but sunshiny little laugh when he re- *
called how they had lain together like
spoons In a case for warmth and how
they had been obliged to turn simultane
ously and "spoon the other way" when
one man had to . relieve his cramped
position.
By the time that 5 o'clock came the
lights were turned out and a crafty glim
mer of gray morning stole in. I passed
on to another ward, where I watched the
day come.
In the ghostly light a dark figure was
sitting wrapped in an overcoat. "Why
Is that man not In bed?" I asked.
"Heart disease," replied the nurse.
"He has not lain down all night. It
hurts him. He always sits."
He leaned forward gloomily, half asleep,
half suffering. y',l's<\-
.Another nurse dropped in. "My boy's
mother has not come yet," she said, "and
he surely can't last through the day.
She was. to arrive from Dakota," she ex
plained to me, "but it will be no use for
her to come now. He will never speak to ,
her again." -.' ",'.
There was a ripple and rustling of wak
ing through the. ward. Men began to sit
up and call for the nurse. They wanted
egg nogs and milk punches, and they had
them. The diets are of throe classes:
regular, special and light. A pantry on
wheels brought a 7 o'clock breakfast of
Facts and pfgut-^s' oF D-^^y Da*d-
Five million souls united in a welcome to
one. Three million persons saw the center
of all human interest. Seven miles of
boats escorted the hero up the Hudson
River on Friday, September 29. Seven
miles of humanity- cheered him through
the city on Saturday, the 30th. Caesar
himself had never a more triumphal re
ception In a more Imposing Betting. >.v :
Meanwhile New York was aglow with
patriotic color. It was rainbowed. It was
a forest of Hag-poles. A sea of flags, me
dallions and festoons of bunting. Five
million Deweyites helped make it so. The
6,000.000 would have made a line 2000 miles
long. Put one behind the other in lock
step, they would have reached from New
York to Salt Lake . City. Marshaled in
6000 regiments and marching company
front, forty-two men abreast, they would
have required twenty-one days to pass in
review before Dewey, marching day and
night. This mighty army would have been
kali miles long and would have reached
from- New York to Fort Wayne, Ind. If
all the flags used by this army on Dewey
day could have been sewed together, the
result would have been a mastodonic af
fair of stars and stripes that could have
been laid, like a blanket, over, the whole
cf Central Park. . .
What did It mean to have 2,500 vis
itors in addition to a population of equal
number? It meant that it took half an
hour to walk from the Fifth Avenue
Hotel, past the great white arch, to the
Hoffman House, just one block. Broad
way was a river of people with a "sluggish
current flowing one mile in many hours
Fifth avenue was like the congested cor
ridor of a theater after the play. Battery
Park was a lake of men and women, with
out Islands. Every tall building was an
observatory. Even the nickel-ln-slot ma
chines filled so rapidly that agents had to
harvest the cash three times each night
and ten times each day. Sixty thousand
people, 4500 tons of humanity, taxed the
strength of the > Brooklyn bridge at one
time. Manhattan Island was a mighty
hive. ■ The city became like an enorm
«# Sunday Call
Reporter
Visits the
z
' United States
General -hospital
of San -Francisco.
steak, potatoes, eggs, mush and coffee
from the messroom. This was for the
regulars. The "lights" had the least
hearty of it, and the specials were pro
vided fur by the nurse in the ward
kitchen.
There was a universal stir at last.
Breakfast, dressing and the morning
papers started the- day. From the bacK
of the ward came the singing and twitter
ing of canaries. >p
"Those belong to my bird man, tne
nurse said. "He brought them from the
Philippines and the bamboo cage comes
from Japan. They sleep under his bed
at night. You see they are on his table
now to keep him company."
An assistant came down the room with
a full tray. "The bird man won't eat.
He doesn't like any of the breakfast,
the assistant reported.
"Tell him to eat hi? birds," somebody
said. Never mind who, for the who
didn't mean it. "Tell him we'll see what
can be done for him." was the order
given.
A fretful voice at the front called for
help. The Invalid wanted to sit up, and
two men worked to make a prop of a
slanted chair and many pillows.
"It doesn't feel right. The chair la
too high. There, you've got It too low
now," he fumed. "My head aches. I
always have a headache in the morning.
I want my face washed."
"Walt a few minutes."
"I, can't wait. I tell you I want my
face washed. Say, you, don't you want
to wash my face?" appealing to a con
valescent who was sitting near, having
made a shaky toilet by himself.
"I guess I might try it," was the doubt
ful reply. ;--».:
"All right. He'll bring a basin and you
wash my face. Here, hurry, bring a
basin. I don't like to wait." -.;*,
Away from the fumes of carbolic and
the peevish voices that whimpered, the
little white tents had turned gray In the
gray hour. The first car halted and a
raft of soldiers left lt. I entered. There
- were two soldiers toppled in a heap
against one another, who did not leave
the car. They were sleeping the deep
sleep of Sunday morning.
"Walt till 1 wakes up me lodgers," said
the conductor.
He shook them. One started and
blinked.
"Why, we're here," he shouted. "Don't
you know we're here, Dick?" he cried
, reproachfully, mauling his comrade.
"What's the matter of you? Who ever
heard of reachin' the place to get off and
not knowln' it!" XZX y
In the loving embrace of drowsy fellow-
ship they departed together. Then the
sunniness of the day swept In and It was
sleep time for night watchers.
KATHRYN MARCH.
-..*..._*■
ous sponge— lt absorbed millions of people
on Friday, and on Saturday was able to
absorb millions more. Seven thousand po
licemen kept order. Half of these had no
sleep for three days. Eacb policeman did
the work of ten. Great crowds attract
thieves, and for them the city became a
Mecca. A round-up of these was ordered.
Six hundred detectives were on duty. Al!
suspicious characters were -gathered in
and locked iip over the two great days.
the same with the fire department. Even
every auxiliary member was on duty; and
very few closed their eves in sleep be
tween Thursday and Sunday.
 And ™'hat the cost in money of Dewey
day? New \ork city itself appropriated
and spent $200,000. More than naif of this
went for the arch and for reviewing
stands— s26,soo for the arch and $75,000 for
.^°^ASeats- The next largest amount was
$31,000 spent for fireworks. » Then came
$20,000 for boats in the naval parade; $13,000
tor decorations, $12,500 for f.eding visiting
troops. $8500 for refreshments for guests.
$6400 for badges for the committee of
twelve hundred, $5000 for he loving cup.
JouOO for sundries. By visiters and citizens
the largest single experditure was for
seats. The price for seat- ranged from $1
for a few of the least desirable on stands
to $500 for a window A fair estimate of
the average cost of se:-ts Is $3.50 The
cash expenditure for che 500,000 seats,
therefore, amounted to 1,750,000. The next
largest amount was $1,000,000 for decora
tions. bunting, flags, firtfworks, etc. Near
ly 1,000,000 yards of bunting were used and
nearly 500,000 flags, sides this the sol
dier boys spent $500 Op In New fork for
trappings, for refurbishing. New York be-
Lng, c center of thj military equipment
business. Every visiting militiaman
bought some new of needed item for his
uniform or kit; th/ Twenty-second New
,> "rk ordered 500 irand new coats and
hats; bands fitted jut anew from head to
foot; $SOOO was speit Just for white cotton
gloves. Bankers/estimate that at least
J20.000.000 was pu/ In circulation in New
York by visitors luring the week. This ls
based upon the conservative estimate that
the average amrUnt spent by each of the
2,500000 visitors sua $10.— Gilson WilleU, la
Leslie's Weekly.'SOME FEATURES AT THE LOCAL THEATRES
THE SUNDAY CALL.
2728
THE INTERESTING 3
*£ STUDY OF
TF yoUv S^ad Has -ATWays
Been a D^mai PWTUi^
just Tt-y These S^pTe
RUT^S-'ahd See What a
D^e^ence Tt Makes when
you R^aTTU Know How Tt
Should Be p^epa^d.
ALTHOUGH "baker's bread" has be-
come a standby in most modern
household? there arc yet many
who cling to "homemade" bread
with the tenacity of an undying
faith. True, In many ruses, the domestic
article, for various reasons.' is not nearly
bo pleasing or satisfactory as is the prod
uct of the professional breadmaki but
we feel that there are no awful mysteries
about its mixing and makeup and that
everything which went into It and that
it went Into In Its process of transmogri
fication from raw material to manufac
tured product was clean and excellent of
Its kind.
It is a lamentable fact, though, that a
large proportion of the "homemade"
bread of civilization is utterly unfit for
human consumption. Otherwise charming
and estimable women will place upon
their tables sour, heavy, gray, hard
crusted and generally abominable mix
tures of flour, and various other ingredi
ents, and expect the assembled family
and guests to eat and be thankful, be
cause, forsooth, the concoction was
evolved in their "own "kitchens."
There is no excuse for any housekeeper
in the matter of bread, for it is the sim
plest of all things to evolve in a whole
some, appetizing and pleasing shape.
Good materials and a little patient and
intelligent care are all that are needed
to make this branch of domestic science
an unqualified success.
The uncertain "rule of guess" must
never be applied to any of the articles
made from grains of any description. Ex
actness in measurements, proportions and
time must characterize the whole process
of bread, biscuit or hot-cake making, and
if this exactness be rigidly adhered to the
youngest girl experimentalizer may be
sure of making even from her very first
efforts an unqualified success.
The art of making bread comes to us
from antiquity. ;V
Its first mention ls ln Genesis. xviii:s,
when Abraham, wishing to entertain the
three angels on the plains of Mamre, of
fered to "fetch a morsel of bread," and
Sarah was instructed to "make ready
quickly three measures of line meal,
knead it and make cakes upon the
hearth."
At a later period great perfection In the
art was attained in Egypt, a country
which then took the leau in all the arts
of civilisation.
Its march was next into Greece and fre
quent allusions to this subject are made
by Its classic authors. At least sixty va
rieties of bread were known to the an
cient Greeks, formulas and minute de
scriptions of many of them being given.
Pliny's history tells us that bakers were '
Introduced into Rome during the reign of
Perseus, King of Macedon. Public bak
eries were distributed throughout the city,
and slaves were compelled to perform the
heavier and more disagreeable parts of
the labor. These institutions were regu
lated by the Government, and a special
public magistrate was appointed to attend
to all matters pertaining thereto.
In England and throughout the United
Kingdom, during the middle ages, the
calling of the baker was considered a very
Important one. It became necessary In
England In 12G6 to enact ln Parliament a
law regulating the price of bread, which
system continued ln the city of Donuon
till 1£22, and in the rest of the country till
1838.
In 1812 bread was made in Sweden, but
in small cakes mostly, loaves being used
only by the higher classes of Inhabitants.
Among many of the rural people of Swe
den and Norway no bread is used to this
day, except rye cakes, baked nearly as
hard as flint, and made only twice a year
Loaves of bread were "hardly known
among the farming people of Scotland
one hundred years. ago. Barley bannocks
and oaten cakes were used among all
classes.
In Palestine, as well as ln other parts of
Asia Minor, bread is baked dally in out
door stone ovens, each family having Its
own mill, in which they grind the grain
that is to be used. This custom has con
tinued without change for more than
eighteen centuries.
A kind of bread known as the "Austra
lian damper" is used in many European
countries, the dough of which; composed
of flour, salt and water, Is baked over the
dying embers of a wood Are, lying on a
flat stone. Passover cakes used by the
Jews in their religious feasts are prepared
from a similar dough.
France has done much to perfect the
art of bread making by the Invention of
valuable machinery, and it is conceded
by good Judges that the best bread made
In Europe ls produced by the bakers of
Parla
The bread used principally in this coun
try is the veslculated, or such bread as is
rendered spongy in structure by the ac
tion of carbonic acid in the dough. All
kinds of crackers and > sea biscuit are,
however, manufactured and sold 'in sea-
port towns. "-*" * • *
Veeloulated bread includes such kinds
as the ordinary pan loaves, French and
Vienna bread, bricks, rolls buns, muffins,
tea biscuit, eto. Much of our loaf bread is
made by the development of carbonic acid
in the dough through flour fermentation.
Tbe following recipes are tested en<4 *•*
■-—- - '■ — ■-- .—iii .-.--._ v..
liable, snd, followed without deviation,
will never result in failure:
IN REGARD TO KNEADING BREAD
—Wooden kneading boards are declared
unsanitary. In their place in the modern
kitchen are found heavy marble or glass
trays, which are more easily kept clean
The molding board is now declared to h'
one of the places where close inspection ;
needed by housewives who appreciate th,
übiquitousness of germs and microbes. Irt
deed, some housewives who have ma**}*
domestic science their hobby will not a
low dough to be kneaded at all by hau
but insist that the same process, or ye
nearly, be accomplished by a large spov
"Just watch . your domestic scrape >
dough off" her hands after she has be 6«
kneading It, and you will never want any
more bread kneaded by hand," says one
of these up-to-date housekeepers. Doubt-
less, even with the marble tray, the beat-
ing with the spoon would be more featls-
factory and the bread equally light.
PLAIN BREAD— Three pints flour. Let
stand in a warm place over night where
it will, get warm and light. Take one-half
cake compressed yeast, one-half cup flour
and sufficient milk to wet it. Let it rise
till very light. Add one tablespoonful
sugar, one of lard, one tablespoonful salt
and one and one-half pints warm milk.
Stir into flour and knead ten minutes. Let
rise to twice its size, knead five minutes,
let rise again, knead ten' minutes, and
form into two loaves. Let rise thirty
minutes and bake in moderate oven three
quart, of an hour.
TWO LOAVES PERFECT BREAD-
Take a scant quart of milk just warm.
Dissolve in it one-half cake compressed
yeast and one teaspoonful salt. Warm
two large quarts flour, make' a hole In the
center and. pour In the milk and yea*-*;.
Work in gradually the flour with the
hand. If not too soft sprinkle with a little
flour and knead well. Set to rise in a
warm place, well covered, two hours in
summer, four In winter. When risen to
twice Its size knead down again.* Let rise
and knead thoroughly, then put in pans.
Let loaves rise to twice their size and
bake forty-flve minutes. Do not have oven
too hot at first.
POTATO BREAD— Twelve good-siz^d
potatoes, boiled and mashed tine: one
quart of cold water, one quart of water
In which the potatoes have oeen boiled,
two capes of compressed yeast. To three
tablespoonfuls of flour, three tasicspoe.n-
fuls sugar, two tablespoonfuls salt, add
slowly one-half pint of boiling water. Add
this to the potato and water; when luke
warm add the yeast and let rise. When
well risen stir down and le*l. rise fgain.
Put in glass cans and set in a cool place.
' The morning 'of baking warm the flour,
and If the yeast is very cold take the
chill off. Wet the flour with one-half the
yeast, knead twenty minutes, place in
biead tins, let rise till light and then bake.
This makes two bakings of three loaves
each. '''''yX.'XXX'XTZy
BROWN BREAD— Two coffee cups
sweet milk, half cup Orleans molasses,
one teaspoonful soda (level) dissolved in
molasses, one teaspoonful salt, four eof-
fee cups brown flour. Steam three hours,
bake one hour.
GRAHAM BREAD— cake of com-
pressed yeast, one quart of tepid water,
two pinches of salt; stir in graham flour
with a spoon; let rise over night. Next
morning add one cup of molasses, in
which has been stirred half a teaspoonful
of soda, and with the hand add graham
flour enough to make quite stiff. Put in
buttered tins half full, smooth over with a
knife, set away till light and bake.
BOSTON BROWN BREAD— One even
cup of Indian meal, two heaping cups of
rye meal, one teaspoonful of salt, one tea-
spoonful of soda, one cup of molasses.
Mix very thoroughly together the meal,
salt and soda. Add one pint of hot water
to the molasses and stir; pour the mo-.
lasses and water into the middle of the
meal and stir till a smooth batter. Put
In a buttered tin boiler, cover tightly and
set In a covered iron kettle to boil three
hours, adding water as may be necessary.
When done eet the bread boiler in the
oven for ten minutes.
CORN MUFFINS— One cup yellow corn
meal, half cup flour, one tablespoonful of
sugar, one and a half teaspoonfuis baking
powder, one beaten egg, one and a half
cups sweet milk, a little salt. Bake in
hot greased gem pans.
CRUMPETS— MeIt one small table-'
spoonful lard. Add to It one egg and one
and a half gills milk. Beat well, .then add
a half ' teaspoonful salt, one teaspoonful
sugar, one and a half teaspoonfuis baking
powder sifted. with two and a half.' gills
flour. Bake in muffin rings in a very hot
oven at once for five minutes. This quan
tity makes six crumpets. The secret of
success Is quick making and quick baking.
SALLY LUND— One pint flour, two tea-
spoonfuls baking powder, half teaspoonful
salt. Beat two eggs, whites and yolks
separately, add to yolks half cup sweet
. milk or water. Stir slowly Into flour and
add half scup melted butter. Stir ln
whites last. Bake ln muffin pans two-
thirds full. • ,
, MUFFINS— eggs, whites and
yolks beaten separately, one pint sweet
milk, one tablespoonful melted butter, two
tablespoonfuls baking powder, flour
enough to stiffen.
BR^AKFAgT MUFFJ^Eh-Oa*} cuj> <tf
Sciences
sugar, one tablespoonful of melted but
ter, one pint of sweet milk, three cups of
flour, two teaspoonfuis of baking pow
der, one teaspoonful of salt.
RICE MUFFINS— cup' of I boiled
rice, one cup of sweet milk, two eggs, two
tablespoonfuls of melted butter, one tea
spoonful of sugar, two of baking powder,
and enough flour to make a batter; beat
hard and add the baking powder the last
thing. Bake in muffin rings.
ENGLISH MUFFINS— One «nart <">«*»
one-half teaspoonful sugar, one teaspoon
- ful salt, two teaspoonfuis baking powder,
one and one-quarter pints sweet milk.
Have batter a little stiff than for grid-
dle cakes. Have a griddle hot and
greased , - 1 ay greased ' muffins ring on It,
fill them half full, and vurn when risen to
the top with cake turner. Do not bake
too brown. When done,: pull : apart, toast
sllghtlv and butter. ■_- Serve at once.
GERMAN PUFFS— One pint sweet milk,
one-half pound flour, two ounces -butter
and four eggs. Separate the eggs and
beat the yolks until thick; warm the but-
ter and milk until the butter Is melted;
when cold, stir in, slowly, the yolks of the
eggs; mix with the flour. Whisk .the
whites dry, stir through very lightly and
bake in buttered cups not half full.
BISCUITS— quart ' flour," two, tea-
spoonfuls baking powder, one teaspoonful
salt, sifted together. Rub Into the sifted
flour one tableßpoonful butter, cottolene,
or lard, until the flour feels sandy: to the
touch. Add one pint milk and mix. Flour
the board, turn the dough out on It -and
knead only just enough; to .make?: It
smooth. Pat out to - three-quarters inch
thickness, and cut out, dipping the cutter
ln dry flour so it will not stick. Place the
biscuits ln rows In the baking *■ pan **• and
' stick a fork through . the ' middle of • each
one. Bake in a hot oven twenty minutes.
VIENNA ROLLS— the same way
as biscuits, but, Instead of cutting with a
cutter when you have kneaded the dough
smooth, cut off small . pieces with a knife
and roll them between the hands until
tiW %r ♦ joua-i, Oise put i£ tm* pr«w
...££ v * wmfl, - togg m _k E*» ?w
THE SUNDAY CALL.
Jiome of J. £. McNeil,
-Santa Cruz.
down lightly, and, just before putting ln
the oven cut each across the top twice
with a sharp knife.
GRAHAM BISCUIT— Two and a half
cups graham flour, one and a half of
wheat flour, two teaspoonfuis baking
Four Beauties at the
■:,-;: ''■ "■ » Alcazar. ,
SCOTCH SCONES — One quart flour,
sifted with two teaspoonfuis baking pow
der, one tablespoonful sugar, one-half
teaspoonful salt, one tablespoonful lard,
two beaten eggs and a pint of sweet milk.
Let rise four or five hours and bake in
*"& ***» la oven.
powder, half teaspoonful sa/t, two table
spoonfuls shortening milk to mix. Make
same as biscuits. "-*.*£['.
BAKING POWDER BREAD— One quart
flour,: two teaspoonfuis baking powder,
half teaspoonful salt. Sift together twice,
then add enough milk to make a soft
dough, knead just enough to make
smooth, divide Into two loaves and bake
at once.
JOHNNIE CAKE— Two cups cornmeal,.
one cup flour, two spoons baking powder,
teaspoon salt, two tablespoonfuls short
ening. Sift the meal Into a pan and pour
Just enough boiling water on it to scald It
.thoroughly. Sift flour, baking powder and
salt' together and add tO • the meal when
it "is cool enough to bear your finger ln
it and add enough milk to make j a soft
batter.' Beat ; hard ; five minutes .-/ and
pour Into shallow pan. Bake In hot oven,
but be careful not to . let It burn.
SOUTHERN Z PONE— Four cups meal, :
one teaspoonful salt, water to make a
stiff dough. .- Mix **** thoroughly and then
form with the hands into oolong cakes "'■
about eight Inches long and five wide and £
one inch thick. Bake in oven in shallow ;
pans or In a skillet on the back of the
Btove, turning carefully when one side is .
'•* done. .-'-•'-* *~..v.- ■ ''- -,*■,*"■*-
BOSTON BROWN AD— Two cups
meal, one cup rye meal, two teaspoonfuis
1 baking powder, one. teaspoonful salt, milk
to make a soft - batter. : Sift the meals,
; Bait- and baking powder together, add the
milk and beat thoroughly. Pour in
greased ' tin pall— a five-pound lard pail
will do— and steam four hours; : then dry
, off in oven. To steam put two slender
pieces of stick in the bottom of a kettle.
set in the; pail, pour in boiling water
enough to come half way up the side of
the pall, cover the pall and the kettle and
add more boiling water as it bolls away.
Be careful not to let it stop boiling.
MARYLAND BlSCUlT(Excelfent)
- ; quarts flour, two tablespoonfuls
lard, cottolene or butter, teaspoonful salt.
Mix the shortening In the flour with the
S " BE NEGLECTED
SHOULD NOT : "'" <&
YoU: Have No Tdea What
Good TfvnSS Can Be Cooked
Good Thfnss Can Be Cooked
".-. Wfth a pvyfns Pan Un^T
"- '"W .- t-. -■'-"_ :'-'x' -Xy 2 'y' 'W'-'-'' - -■*»"-' " ■■'""■'■
you Have Read the Wopds ,
of Advfce and e^pe^f mended
Wfth the Mos* Appe^zrns
Wfth the Most AppetfsfnS '■■.;■
Recess G*ven He^ewfth-
hands until lt ls like sand, then add
enough water, with a pinch of saleratus
dissolved in it, to make a stiff dough.
Flour your board or table and turn the
dough out; then beat with rolling-pin or
potato-masher for three-quarters of an
hour, turning It and folding it as it be-
comes flattened. f When you can break off
a piece short with your fingers and the
dough looks light and flaky it is done.
Then hammer out to the thickness of half
an Inch and cut out your biscuits, baking
in a quick oven. These are excellent to
make In quantity, as they keep well
•\nd are better than crackers.
ENGLISH BISCUIT— One and a half
pints flour, one cup corn starch, three
tablespoons of sugar, teaspoon of salt, two
neaping teaspoons of baking powder, two
tablespoons lard, one egg, one and a half
cups sweet milk. Roll half an Inch thick.
rub over with milk, lay on buttered tins
LUNCH BISCUIT— One pint flour, one
tablespoon butter, three of sugar, two
eggs, one and- one-half teaspoons baking
powder sifted with the flour, a pinch or
salt, one cup milk. Cut out into biscuit
or bake in large cakes on a flat pan. •
SODA BISCUIT— Put one quart flour be
fore sifting into a sieve, with three tea-
spoons of baking powder, one of salt and
one tablespoon white sugar; mix all thor
oughly with the flour, run through sieve,
rub in one level tablespoon lard or butter
(or half and half), wet with half pint
sweet milk; roll on board about an Inch
thick, cut with biscuit cutter, and bake in
a quick oven fifteen minutes. If you have
not milk use a little more butter and* wet
with water. Handle as little and make as
rapidly as possible.
GRAHAM BISCUIT— Three cups gra
ham flour, one cup of wheat flour, two
teaspoonfuis baking powder -well mixed
or sifted together, dry; ■■ rub in fwo large
tablespoonfuls of butter, a little salt, half
a cup of sugar, one beaten egg, and cold
sweet milk, enough to make a soft dough;
roll out, cut with cake cutter and bake at
once.
MUFFINS, NO. I— Beat well the yolks
and whites of four eggs separately; to
the yolks add three pints sweet milk, two
heaping teaspoonfuis of baking powder,
Bait, stir in enough flour to make a batter,
then add the whites of the eggs, one-half
cup butter, drop Into gem pans and bake
immediately. For graham muffins use
graham flour Instead of white flour. Many-
persons would like a cup of sugar stirred
into the batter. --...-;-» s
MUFFINS, NO. 2— Mix one heaping tea-
spoonful of baking powder and a little salt
ln one pint of flour; add to the beaten
yolks of two eggs one teacup of sweet
milk or cream, a piece of butter melted
half the size of an egg, the flour with bak-
ing powder and salt mixed, and the well
beaten whites of two eggs. Beat well,
bake Immediately ln gem pans in a hot
oven end take out and send to table at
once. ■■£•■•' v-.' ■'-'- • '-■■'. X:: y
MUFFINS FOR DYSPEPTICS-One
pint flour, sifted with two heaping tea
spoonfuls of baking powder, a piece of
butter half as large as an egg, one egg,
three tablespoonfuls of sugar, one teacup
ful of sweet milk, bake very quickly; hare
muffin tina well warmed beforehand.
CORNMEAL MUFFINS— pint
fresh meal and one-half pint flour, sifted
with two heaping teaspoonfuis of baking
powder, a piece of butter half as large as
an egg, one egg, three tablespoonfuls of
sugar, one teacup. of sweet milk; bake
very quick; have muffin tins well warmed
beforehand.' f-i - . -
THE ADVANTAGES OF THE FRYING
PAN— People who only, guess at the pos
sible meaning of.the word "saute" abomi
nate the directions to fry. The properly
"fried" * article Is, however, a delight to
the epicure. It Is neither made into a
blackened chip nor soaked with grease.
To succeed in frying the following rules
must be observed:
1. The food selected for frying should
not require a long time to be thoroughly
cooked; Indeed, It should not require to
be cooked longer than Is -necessary for the
crust to get a nice golden, brown color. ,
2. The fat should be hot enough for the
Immediate formation ; of a crust; if it Is
not, . it . will soak Into \ the food, thereby
giving unsatisfactory results. . ■■ .
3. The amount of fat should be propor
tionate to the volume of the food, because
the greater i this amount is j the less -it Is
.cooled by the dipping of the food. * Do not
-forget, that it is better to have too much
fat than not enough, as there is an econ
omy ?in doing ; so. When the . amount of "
frying ? material is large \it is easier to «
maintain It ; at the - right : degree of ■ tem
perature, thus making the food absorb as
small an amount of it as is necessary for
forming the crust. '•-...: *
UTENSILS— A deep frying , pan '• and a
skimmer or a wire basket are all that are
needed. . The pan should be of heavy tin,
; or, better, of aluminum, and have two
handles; the wire basket, a very useful
utensil, of tinned or aluminum wire.
I heartily recommend the use of a wire
basket for frying, as it enables you to din
the food in without splashing and to take
if out quickly and at one time. - In case
of the food being too wet there is a foam
ing which makes the fat run out .
CHICKEN CROQUETTES - Propor
tion* tor ftre 2ffißl9a!!t'-..2fee &esh <* one
fowl; flour, 2 teaspoonfuis; eggs, 1; yolk,
2; parsley, quarter handful; butter, 2
tablespoonfuls; mushrooms -or truffles
optional; stock, 2 glassfuls; bread crumbs
enough to roll croquettes: grease enough
to fry. Preparations— First: Pick up all
the flesh, chop it fine, chop also the pars
ley and th* mushrooms and truffles, if
any; mix all together. Second: Let melt
in a saucepan two tablespoonfuls butter
mixed with two tablespoonfuls flour;
add little by little and while stirring
about two glassfuls stock; let boil awhile
till this sauce is quite thick. Third: Add
the chopped flesh, etc., also two yolks;
stir well the whole till well mixed, but
don't let boll. Fourth: Pour in one or
several dishes, so as to have a coat one
inch thick, which you let cool, taking
care to place over some sheets of buttered
paper to prevent the upper part from
drying and becoming black. Fifth:
When cold divide into croquettes about
four inches long and Vj_ inches thick;
roll them in some bread crumbs, if too
soft; then dip in a beaten egg; roll again
In bread crumbs and fry. Serve in folded
napkin.
POTATO CROQUETTES-Proportions
for Aye persons. Potatoes, 10; eggs, 2:
yolks, 3; butter, 1 tablespoonful; Dread
crumbs enough to roll ln. Preparation-
First: Let the potatoes cook in salted
water, and when tender peel them. Sec
ond: Mash them with three yolks and
one tablespoonful of butter so as to obtain
a quick thick paste. Third: Roll Into the
shape of croquettes, dip them ln beaten
eggs, roll ln bread crumbs and fry.
Serve on a folded napkin as side dish or
around roasted meat, as garnish.
CORN MEAL CROQUETTES—Propor
tions: For five persons Corn meal, one
pound; milk, one quart; butter, two ta
blespoonfuls. . Preparation — First, pour
into a saucepan one pound corn meal,
which you mix with one quart of milk
and let cook for ten minutes while stir
ring to prevent scorching; second, add
two or three tablespoonfuls good butter,
mix well and let it cool; third, divide it
into cakes, you roll Into the shape of cro
quettes, which you fry and serve as side-
dish or garnish. '
HOW TO MAKE RISSOLES-Roll the
dough to the thickness of one-quarter the
small finger, then cut lt with a round
paste cutter (about three inches In diam
eter); second, roll the trimming of the
dough in the shape of a ball, then to the
thickness of one-quarter the small finger
and cut again with the paste cutter, etc.;
third, moisten the rounds of dough with
a wet brush, place on each some of the
garnish and fold; fourth, press with a
glass the edges of the dough to effect the
seaming and fry till well colored.
PARISIAN RISSOLES — Proportions:
For five persons— Short crust, one pound;
veal trimmings, one-half pound; kidney
fat. one-half pound; spiced salt to taste
(spiced salt is composed of one part
mixed spices to four parts salt)'
eggs, three; sausage meat, one-half
pound; parsley, one-half handful. Prep
aration—First, chop the veal trimmings
and the kidney fat . separately, then to-
gether; second, pour them in a mortar
with the sausage meat, three eggs and
one-half handful chopped parsley and
break the #hole flne. V - -? - ,
FRIED OYSTERS— Proportion for five
persons: Oysters, 5 dozen; eggs, 3; bread
crumbs, 4 tablespoonfuls; milk, 1 pint.
Preparation: Take the oysters from the
shell, or better, have fresh shelled oysters,
let them drip, dip them in beaten egg, roll
In bread crumbs and fry. Serve on a
folded napkin as hot as possible. >
FRIED Proportions for five
persons: Frogs, 3 dozen; lemon, 1; flour,
3 tablespoonfuls; milk, 1 pint. Prepara
tion: First— ready skinned frogs, or
do as follows: Skin the frogs, keeping
only the hind legs and the quarters, thea
let them stand in fresh water for 1 hour
to whiten and flesh. Second— them In
milk, roll In flour and fry. «
FRIED POTATOES-Note: There Is a
great variety of fried potatoes," bearing
different names, but the difference is but
In the way they are cut Into pieces, in
round slices, in long strips, In narrow
strips, etc.; sometimes also - they are
shaped like balls with a vegetable cutter
or in ribbon with a special machine. But
in any • case they should be dry when
dipped, in lard, and therefore you should
never put them in water after they have
been peeled, as is recommended in some
cook books. . The way of proceeding is
this; Peel the potatoes but a little while
before frying, rub them with a clean and
dry cloth, then cut or slice as you: may
like. The simplest and perhaps the best
is to cut in quarters lengthwise, the num
ber of pieces varying, of course, accord-
ing to the size, but being no thicker than
the small finger. Proportions for five
persons:^ Potatoes, 10 to 12; salt, to taste.
Preparation: . The potatoes being pre
pared as indicated abovd. let them fry and
serve hot. Use a frying basket if possl-
FRIED APPLES— Proportions for five
persons: Apples, 6; milk. 1 glassful;
sugar, 14 pound: flour. 4 tablespoonfuls.
Preparation: First-Pare the apples.
slice them crosswise about the thickness
or„a sliver dollar, dip them ln milk and
roll in •■flour. Second— till well col-
ored, sprinkle over some granulated sugar
a"V serve as warm as possible.
FRIED PEACHES— Proportions and
preparation: As for the fried apples, but
cut the peaches ir, 2 or 4, according to the
FRIED PlNEAPPLE— Proportions and
preparation: As for the apples, but if tha
pineapple is too. large cut the slice* la
ej|9£ IVg -1 ' **T -' 'KIPLING'S. NEW BOOK
or STORIES
By Prof. H. B. Lathrop,
Stanford University,
N "Stalky & C 0.," Rudyard Kipling's
new book of stories, appear . many of
the fine qualities which we have
learned to expect In Rudyard Kip-
ling's work; energy, ingenuity, in-
clslvenesß, swiftness, brilliance. The
>ook affords another sample of the com
pleteness with vhich Mr. Kipling has
»ntered into the subject with which ha
deals, of rather of the completeness With
which it hrs entered Into him. His mind
seems, as it were, to be saturated with
the life he portrays, so that everything
ls done with an unconscious right
ness and appropriateness to th«
clrcumst.inces. Not only Is It th*
caso that the dialect Bounds abso
lutely In character, that the action fiti
tho surroundings, but the unconscious
prc.luil!.;-i. the habits of 1 bought,
the little touches of association
aro conveyed, n.i by accident and
casually. .13 If they were a Dart of
!tho author's mind. In brief. Stalky ft
Co." lias the "wholeness of texture," the
higher consistency: which is the mark of
the truly creative imagination, In what
ever materia! it works. The material In
this case ir, the life in an English school
where hoys are fitted for the military col
leges, and for entering on the lndiar.
civil service. The heroes are three boys
Thi lv roes are thre
instead of "Soldiers Three." with a chief
l.c: j, "Stalky," in place of Mulvaney.
Tliey are extraordinary, not to say ab
normal youths, quite too artificial! suc
cesfui In the jokes on the iters and
others which constitute the plot* of th*»
littlo tales. The book Is an amusing one,
and would be read with unsuspecting en
joyment if Mr. Kipling would only leave
his readers alone with the idea that it
Is meant for fun. No rational man need
worry himself about Kipling's limitations
and Imperfections unless he must. He Is
good ln his way; why concern ourselves
With his exaggerations, }*,:« hardness, his
lack of delicacy and tenderness? We can
find ln others what he lacks, a3 we can
find lr, him what others lack. We need
not take him aa an apostle.
But Mr. Kipling insists on being an
apostle. He begins his tales of schoolboys
witii a solemn nie-ralizing poem: he ends
with a story ln which one of the charac
ters plays a heroic, part on the Afghan
borders, empl'iying against the Pathans
a stratagem of which he had made use at
echool against the master. The moral is
obvious. By heroic irregularities and up
standing against superior authority at
schoe)l boys are made into Mr. Kipling's
highest type of heroes— otlicers In Afghan
wars. Mr. Kipling preaches, he avows
that he preaches, he insinuates preaching
ites preaching
Into the minutest crevices of his narra
tives. Now, lf a man sets up to preach,
he must expect to be criticized as a
preacher. And If it Is through works of
fiction that he tries to teach a moral les
son the whole spirit and tendency of his
writing must be carefully scrutinized— the
more rigidly the more effective his writ
ing may be.
What, then, ls the philosophy of life
the phllosonhv of life
which Mr. Kipling puts forward? Its fun
damental principle Is the glorification of
action which produces tangible results.
Its models of human perfection are men
who do efinite, palpable things— sailors,
engineers, above all soldiers. The man
of thought, the student as such, appears
in Mr. Kipling's work onlj to be scorned.
At school he is pale, high-browed, in
effective: in the business of life he is
contemptuously put aside by the man of
action or Is secretly envious of him. Mr.
Kipling has no laurels for the man of ideas
or for the scholar as such; for the philoso
pher, the antiquarian, the historian, the
scientist. Less contemptible are news
paper reporters, novelists an * poets of
action, who are at least attached to the
army of doers, though only as camp-fol
lowers. But the only real hen are the
men who perform tangible, calculable, def
inite achievements if with a good deal
of physical activity, so much the better.
Mr. Kipling's ethics are as naive as those
of a: old Norse or Anglo-Saxon poet. His
glorification of achievement, of physical
activity, of strife; his scorn of contempla
tion, of Indoor life, of abstract ideas, differs
ln nothing from the same things In primi
tive writers, who sing of the sea and of
battle, and who pray not to have "a lied
death, a priest's death, a cow's death."
This faith in action for its own ike Is
associated closely with the peculiarities
of Kipling's style, which make it somehow
questionable in spite of its brilliance.
Kipling's style is more than normally
eharp in its deflniteness. lt ls exaggerated,
it shows an indifference to the means
used for effect provided the effect is
gained; it is slangy, it is often grotesque.
Very clear and simple Ideas are gained
by suppressing all modifications and limi
tations, by having one point of view, by
Feeing only one side of a question or one
thing at a time. The neglect of all
phases of an Idea or Impression except
that at the moment essential is the source
of Kipling's whole-hearted force, but it
Implies a limitation of mind and a habit
of exaggeration. It Is plain that a man
In love with action will find such a style
congenial. Modification, limitation, bal
ancing between a little more or a little
less, produces hesitation; it may some
times produce an unreadiness to act at
all. The style which tries to follow the
exact truth, to limit, to suggest associa
tions, to shadow forth Ideas not easily
to be apprehended, has a certain rela
tionship to the typical scholar's frequent
A PERSONAL CHAT WITH BISHOP H. C. POTTER.
THE PRELATE DISCUSSES HIS EARLY LIFE, CHARITABLE
PROJECTS, AND HIS EXPERIENCE OP THREE
MONTHS LIVING 1/1 THE SLUMS.
gJSHOP POTTER sat upright in the
cuddly chair of the hotel parlor.
The chair tempted, but he fore-
bore. He does not relax tension,
It seems.
He was gray of temple and gray of lip.
The features of his face were as precise
in outline as a young man's, but the face
was very, very weary. It seemed to say,
"Bo much trouble in the world— so much
trouble, always trouble."
But the voice rang clear and firm still.
Its tone resounds, "Let us sweep away
the trouble; let us bring cheer." The
first impressions of the man are as full of
contradictions as aro those of any man
eontri : any man
■who has seen both sides of many ques
tions. - ■
"You are still as busy as ever, Bishop
"You are still us busy as ever. Bishop
Pott'
"Why shouldn't I be? Rest has not
yet been forced upon me. It will be bard
enough to bear patiently when it is. At
nresent 1 am granted the strength to con
tinue my work, which la also my pleasure
—not always, though. There's the paln
that one must see. The pleasure is ;> in
tho little that one can do to relieve it.
"Don't you think you h&vji. earned a
rest after all these yeurs of labor?"
"All these years? Why, I am only 6*.
I am young yet; at least, I am in heart.
Sometimes 1 find that I tire more easily
than I used; that Is all that makes me
feel old. I am partly a boy yet, 1 believe.
Look at that muscle."
Behold, the prelate displayed his biceps.
Verily, "partly a boy." • ■■•
"What do you remember, Bishop Potter,
of the time when you were all a boy?"
"I remember a roomy, sunny home in a
New York State town and a father wh.»
had the biggest and broadest shoulders
that a youngster ever rode upon. After
I got past the time for such riding I
used to look enviously at the shoulders
and wonder when mine would be as
strong. That time has never come, al-
though I could pull a pretty good oar ln
my day."
"You come of an ecclesiastical family,
'Tou come of an ecclesiastical family,
do you not?"
"There have been many ministers
among us. lam proud to claim relation
ship with some of my ancestors, although
' have never expected their virtue to
■md for mine. A man's soul Is his own.
~>nc tiling I owe to those grandfathers
„ great-grandfathers, and that is the
O' e of preaching. I began it before kilts
rave place to trousers. My pulpit was
An empty stall In the barn and my con
gregation consisted of a duck, several
chickens and sometimes the hired man.
unreadiness In speech and action. Both
come in for Mr. Kipling's contempt. His
Incisive style, then, is another phase of
his delight in action.
Further, he ls not satisfied with the ex
aggeration of suppressing tones and
shades of feeling, but he exaggerates di
rectly and boldly. He wants decided ef
fects, an insistence on salient points, dis
tinct contrasts., ihe result ls grotesque
I used to do not only the preaching but
likewise the singing of hymns, and I did
it all In dead earnest. I would study for
days before on illustrations of the text.
and I meant what 1 said. None of those
sermons are extant, for I preached with-
out notes then, as now.
"My theological studies followed in
natural sequence. My ministerial career
■seemrej a matter of course and nardly to
be questioned. But tie- material needs ap-
pealed strongly to me even when a theo-
logical student, and I felt deeply even
then thai spiritual food Is not all that a
pastor should give to his flock, The con-
viction has grown with experience and
observation.
"I. began my work with the charge of
a small church, and then I took a large
one and so on. At last came the bishop-
ric, and then the charge of the New York
diocese. it was an honor which my
church conferred upon mc. and it was a
heavy responsibility,
"There Is much to be done everywhere —
In fact there Is everything to oe done.
But in New York the need Is so bitter,
so crying. To take away the trouble is
like dipping out the ocean, hut there Is
nothing for it but to keep on dipping.
"I have been wonderfully helped in my
work. Of course I was powerlesß alone.
The wealthiest people in the city held
up my hands."
Then the man's talents are two. I b<-o.
He can work, ardently, relentlessly; and
he can marshal ranks to work under his
direction.
"Who have been some of your helpers r "
"It would take all day to name even a
small proportion. The Vanderbllts, the
Astors, Mr. Pierpont Morgan and Seth
Low are names that are familiar to you.
They have given great "aid as great bless-
ings have been theirs. But there are
other names that you would not recog
nize and yet they stand written as
proudly because they represent the
widow's mite."
"The late Mrs. William Vanderbilt gave
largely through you, did she not?"
"She was a woman of much charity, and
Bhe put annually Into my hands $100,000
to be used, not for asylums and charitable
Institutions, but to be bestowed person-
ally. She wanted lt used not so much
for the odor of the slums as for the poor
who had known the better side of life—
the saddest people that the world holds.
I found old people sometimes for whom
the money would purchase an entrance to!
a home, and there are overworked clergy-
men who have to thank Mrs. Vanderbilt
for a breathing space ln the country.
The money provided respectable clothes
for men who could not seek employment
looking like vagrants, and lt helped many
a would-be teacher to the necessary train-
THE LITERARY WORLD
ness of situation and phrase. The gro
tesque contrast, for Instance, between a
lofty and delicate sentiment, and the ex
pression of It in rough slang, or between
the habitual vulgarity of a common fellow
and his nobility on occasions, are sources
of fascinated interest to Mr. Kipling. It
would seem that a noble sentiment nobly
phrased would be repellent to him. Me
demands the spice of oddity. Therefore,
ing. Ah, but Mrs. Vanfierbllt was a
thoughtful woman!"
The Bishop fell to musing. It occurred
to me that Airs. Vanderbilt had not done
all her thinking for herself. Who found
out the >ld people a.nd the tired clergy-
men and the would-be teachers? Who
did the planning?
"You 'lav. heard of our loan bureau?"
he Wei on. "it has been an odd experi
ment, some think, but it has lasted sev
eral years, and seems to be on a sure
footing."
"You mean the charitable pawnshop?"
The Bishop apparently disliked the
name. But he admitted that the Loan
Bureau Is that. • :...
"The possibility of such a thing oc
curred to me one day when a woman told
me that she had nothing left but her
husband's wedding gift, a pair of ear-
rings, and that she had tried to raise
money on tbem to no avail. I thought
about the matter, and the up-shot was
that I proposed my plan to Dr. 'Greer
of .St. Bartholomew's Church, t The bu
reau has been established In connection
with that church's mission, and lt thrives.
Good value Is given, small interest de
manded, and where articles are not re-
deemed sharp on time they are held a
little longer to give the owner a chance.
So very' tew things are ever soid. They
are usually redeemed sooner or later, but
the owner does not feel like an object of
charity."
"Is It true that you lived for three
months in the plums of New York?"
"Yes," hesitatingly.
"What was your object in so doing? I
understand that ,you did not carry
tracts."
The Bishop has a sense of humor. It
squirms In the corners of his mouth and
makes merry in his light gray eyes.
"No. I did not carry tracts. As for
my object— one must live among neople
In order to learn them, and one must
learn them In order to help them. I went
to a mission house where 1 could find de-
cent lodging— it ls situated in the midst
of the most destitute quarter of the city.
I could not do much, the suffering Is bo
great, but I went among the homes and
the sweatshops and I was one of those
people as far as possible— T made friends
among them and I learned tneir neeo-
When I went back amonir the fortunate
ones I could tell them of tho need and
speak as one having authority." -
"I have heard that your family were
opposed to the experiment."
. ''Oh, they had a notion that. I. was net
ting old— l, at only 63. lam too old for
pleasure, perhaps, but not for work. And
my days of pleasure are not all over.
I enjoy sociable little dinners to-day."
-■?"*-,--■ -O*- "-■ :;'--*v" KATHRYN MARCH.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
he takes his place In the lower rank of
literary artists, those who like Bert II;. rto
or Dickens ara at their best only in the ab
normal; not with the higher type of
balanced and sane artists, like Fielding
or Thackeray.
What claim have this worship of action
and this style, devoid of the highest san
ity and nobleness, as ideals of life? For
a style Is part of life; It tinges and colors
' Bishop Potter.
the whole character. No claim. Kipling's
moral teachings, direct and Indirect,
rather foster the weaknesses to which
Americans and English are liable, than
give them a true ideal. The worship of
action and achievement, the vulgarity of
the falsely named "practical spirit," the
absence of distinction In manners and
speech, are recognized sins of ours. These
tendencies have helped Mr. Kipling's mar-
OTHER RECENT VOLUMES
OF INTEREST
velous talent in the attainment of his
great popularity. No one need grudge
him the least trifle of his fame; but we
should all be careful not to take him too
seriously as a moral force, and should be
on our guard against his encouragement
of our narrowness and our commonness.
The truth is that most of us need more
to believe In Ideas than in acts. We need
to recognize that even the material con
ditions of modern life machinery, rail
roads, telegraphs are due to an Idea, a
way of thinking called the scientific spirit.
We need to be convinced that laws and
customs, governments and states, are
ideas, created by men of thought. New
ton and Helmholtz, Locke, Rousseau and
Mill, and thousands of unknown and si
lent workers, are the makers of our mod
ern world. The United States ls not made
by an act. but by an idea. Civilisation Is
a set of Ideas. The advance of civiliza
tion ls the acquisition by the mass of men
of points of view more and more closely
approximately accurate, and of Ideas
more and more completely covering the
phenomena of human experience. It ls
the despised, persistent, Ineffective scholar
who teaches the world and who leads the
march of Ideas. ■*■•*•
The demand for action, above every
thing the logical issue of which Is the
worship' of war— for the soldier is the true
man ca action— is Inimical to the highest
civilization; and the Influence of Mr. Kip
ling's work is perceptibly injurious ln low
ering the Ideals of those who are most
affected by his writings.
These, ungracious comments on an
author entitled to love and honor very far
this side Idolatry have been wrung from
an unwilling hand by Mr. Kipling's in
judicious Insistence on his own narrow
and Inadequate view of life. A clear rec
ognition of Its narrowness and •of the
somewhat extravagant character- of his
art need not Interfere with the fullest de
light In his abounding energy and his
spontaneous imaginative power. (Double
day and McClure Company, New York.
Jl oO.)
"Klpllnglana" ls a scrap book about
Rudyard Kipling. It contains a brief
biography, many anecdotes, little bits of
Information, fac-slmlles of the frontis
pieces and title-pages of Mr. Kipling's
early books, a bibliography, prefaces and
dedications, ' quotations from reviews
portraits and caricatures, in short, all
kinds of desultory Information of Interest
to Mr; Kipling's readers. Much of the
compilation is amusing, and not a little
Is valuable. It ls a book to refer to. not
to read through. Its value Is diminished
by the absence of dates, and by the im
perfections of the index.. For example, we
are not told when Mr. Kipling; sent re
grets to the Yale Club, or wrote to the
"Cantab," or contributed to the Hors
monden School Budget. The origin of the
name "Rudyard -Is indexed only by the
title, "A Kipling Romance," and Mr. Kip
ling's change of feeling as to the regula
tion of the traffic In drink appears under
the head, "From American Notes." M
Andre Chevlllon's criticism in the Revue
de Paris is Indexed merely as "A French
Opinion," and Is not dated.
These are grave faults, but in spite of
them and of a little padding, the book Is
well worth Its price to a lover or critical
student of Mr. Kipling's work. (Mans
field & Westels, New York. Jl 25 )
"Quaint Corners of Ancient Empires,"
by M. M. Shoemaker, whirls along with
the dizzying rapidity of an actual jour
ney from Rameswaran. off the coast of
Ceylon, through Southern India and Bur
man, to Manila. The Impressions of the
hasty traveler are conveyed , with vivid
ness and in a very readable manner. With
the help of the excellent photographic
Illustrations, a reader may obtain a dis
tinct Idea of the appearance of the vast
temple at Rameswaran, the curious spire
on the balanced rock at Moulmein. or tha
"Shwar Dagohn" ln Rangoon. The dirt
of this hotel, the comfort of that club,
the skill of an elephant in piling logs,
the dress of the Burmese women, the soft
but brilliant colors of the Orient, the
sleep of Buddhist priests, the chat of Eng
lishmen in the East about the Spanish
war, are all noted in a gossiping, rambling
style thai rests the mind and makes
amusing . reading. It is a pity that Mr.
Shoemaker should have felt called on for
a higher flight when he reached Manila.
He entered the town when the American
troops were first occupying it, and was
present ,at the outbreak of hostilities
with the Filipinos. Under the circum
stances he regarded it as incumbent upon
him to deliver an opinion as to the po
litical problems of the islands. The dis
cursive, loosely knit, inconclusive reflec
tions of which he delivers himself mar
the pleasant effect of th.- other part of
the book, in which superficiality is no de
merit. Eor serious information and wise
suggestions we must go to a traveler of
deeper insight and profounder knowledge
than Mr. Shoemaker possesses, It is to
be regretted that at the end of his book
he gave up for a time his vocation as a
gossiping traveler. (G. P. Putnam's Sons,
New York.)
"A First Glance at the Birds." by
Charles A. Keeler of the University- of
California, is intended to be an introduc
tion of the unscientific reader to the birds
of California, and serves as a prelimi
nary to a larger work on California biros,
to be entitled "Bird Notes Afield. Mr.
Keeler has followed the plan of taking
up the various more common birds of the
State in a classified order, mentioning
such details about them as would strike
the attention or provoke the interest of
the general reader, and adding Informa
tion by which the species might be dis
criminated. He has tried to avoid the ap- .
pearance of scientific dissertation, and to
give the whole that emotional and poetic
interest which is felt by all who havo
watched living birds in their haunts
Brief passages written under the spell of
this feeling possess unusual qualities of
literary beauty. How exquisite the pas
sage where he describes the Bea bird
nest on "bleak, Inhospitable bluffs, • • •
naked rocks, such as the Farallones.
What home could be imagined more
dreary for a baby bird, yet here where
the breakers are pounding and the keen
wind ceaselessly blowing, in some cranny
of the rocks, the tufted puffin lays her
solitary egg and rears her lonely little
chick. Wherever Mr. Keeler restricts
himself to the conveying of such impres
sions as the sharp-eyed but unscientific
observer might receive, his touch is un
faltering; but In the attempt to communi
cate instruction which, however general.
is really scientific, Mr. Keeler comes to
grief. The task, as be himself says, is
Impossible. The classification becomes a
mere tedious list, and yet it does not pos
sess scientific precision. Moreover, the
details chosen for Identification are at
times such as the unscientific reader can
not perceive. The whole discussion of the
species of gulls, for instance, will merely
puzzle an unscientific reader who takes It
seriously. The passenger on the Oakland
boat Will take an. lnterest in noticing 'the
poise of head, the grace of form, the flaw
less contour of on" as lt sails close be
side the boat, without a motion of Its
wings, the head turning now and then
and the sharp eyes ever watchful for
food"; but how much will he care for a
trilling difference in size or in the shade
of the long quill feathers of the wing?
Specimens In hand, even an observer of
skill finds such differences not easy to de
termine; and the mere hints of the book
will only confuse the tyro.
The failure to maintain a definite point
of view, either of the scientific or of tha
unscientific bird-lover, makes the essay
unequal and awkward. Now it is science.
now literature, now neither, and the re
sult is disquieting and confusing to the
reader. , , .
The attempt to put too much informa
tion in has caused one passage to be
seriously misleading. From the para
graph on the Ficarian birds, a reader
would infer that all cuckoos, kingfishers
and humming birds resembled woodpeck
ers In having two toes directed forward
and two directed backward. The miscon
ception which would result from this
loosely written paragraph would seriously
embarrass a beginner.
Although it must be admitted that Mr.
Keeler has not fully attained his Immedi
ate ohject. vet he has written an essay
containing charming passages and written
as a whole in a charming spirit. If he
could feel that science being out of the
question it should be rejected completely,
and if taking the attitude of a sharp
eved unscientific lover of birds he could
write many such passages as those about
the puffin." he would make a book of true
and precious poetry. (Elder & Shepard,
San Francisco, 30 cents).
Readers with a tinge of booklshness will
find In the "Etchingham Letters" delight
unalloyed. They consist of a series of
letters supposed to be written by a brother
and a sister, two highly cultivated persons.
members of a good English family. The
brother's part is taken by Sir Frederick
Pollock, the sister's by Mrs. Ella Fuller
Maitland, the wife of the eminent profes
sor of history. Like good letter 'writers
they never pose, and they, do not write
dissertations. They touch cleverly, and
with a lightness which is not inconsistent
with real seriousness, on all sorts of
topics— family matters, London smoke, the
criticism of Tennyson, the war with Spain,
Anglo-Saxon and East Indian curses,
Wagner, the upsetting of a bicycle-rider
by a dog, and old Scotch songs. The
book Is clever throughout, without effort
or mechanical wit. What better criti
cism could a lady give to the author of a
book of erotic poems than this?— " Put
your mind at rest; you have made it clear
to mo that you have no prejudice against
sin, and you may as well let the subject
drop." And what prettier words could
an absent brother receive from a sister
than: "rThe birds] send you a message:
'In thought we gently ruflle ourselves
against Sir Richard's hand." Trelawney,
cat of my heart, on nearlng this, and not
to be outdone in dutiful affection, said:
'When I think of Sir Richard I purr in
voluntarily.' " One of a • dozen bicycle
proverbs Is worth quoting "The Inches
of our gear are three score and ten; and
though there be some so strong that they
ride four score, yet is their speed but
labor and sorrow at the day's end, when
they fetch their wind short upon an hill."
These letters, with their background of
devoted patriotism, their breadth of
knowledge, their sense of the family
union, their sanity, may well balance some
other views of English life which are pre
sented to us. The authors draw fearlessly
on their readers' bank of knowledge, quot
ing right and left. Sir Frederick -gives a
few choice passages of Hindustani with
out a translation. They do not bite, but
they take ycur breath away. (Dodd,
Mead & Co., New York. Jl 25).
BOOKS RECEIVED.
"Our Country in War," by Murat Hal
stead. The United Subscription Book
Publishers. ,
"The California Fruits." by E. J. Wick
son. Pacific Rural Press, San Francisco.
Third edition.
"Dlonyslus, the Weaver's Heart's Dear
est," by Blanche Willis Howard. C.
Scrlbner's Sons, New York. Price, $1 50.
"A Primer of Forestry": Part I— "The
Forest." by Gifford Plnchot. United
States Department of Agriculture.
"Honor of Thieves," by C. J. Cutcllffe
Hyne. R. F. Fenno & Company, New
York. Price, Jl 25.
"The House In the Hills," by Florence
Warden. R. F. Fenno & Company. New
York. Price, $1 00.
"The Yellow Danger," by M. P. Shlel.
R. F. Fenno & Co., New York. Price,
Jl 00.
"Siren City," by Benjamin Swift. Dodd.
Mead & Co., New York. Price. Jl 50.
''The Chronicles of Aunt Mlnervv Ann,"
by Joel Chandler Harris. C. Scrlbner's
Sons. New York. Price, Jl 50. ,;-.-
"Home Study Circle": "First Course ln
Mathematics, edited by, Seymour Eaton.
The Doubleday & McClure Co., York.
Price. Jl 00.
"Bringing Up Boys," by Kate Upson
Clarke. T. Y. Crowell & Co.. New York.
Price, 50c.
. ♦ ■
Napoleon was no epicure. He usually
Napoleon was no epicure. He usually
drank nothing but diluted Chambertin,
and was no judge of wine. He liked plain
dishes— boiled or roast chicken, mutton
chops,' grilled neck of mutton, haricot
beans or lentils. His table manners were
not very refined. He would use his flnsrer
in lieu of fork or spoon and would dip
his bread In' the sauce, the dish being
then passed round to guests, who had to
dispense with squeamishness. The bread
had to be particularly good. He ate fast,
quitting the table In twelve minutes, and
leaving Josephine and the company to
take their time. When he dined alone he
commonly took only eight or ten minutes.
Indigestion was the natural consequence
of this speed, and he had sometimes to
stretch himself at full length on the car
pet till the paln abated. He detested
physic and professed to disbelieve In It'
a subject of playful discussion with his
doctors: Constant never knew him to be
obliged to keep his bed a whole day. He
was very sensitive- to cold and had fires
and warm beds all the year. -~30
Yorkshire Terrier.
PERFORMING animals now have many places on theatf^
bills and rival the stars ln the favor of the public^
At Hammerstein's Victoria New Yorkers are being _ '
treated to a funny skit whose plot centers about a. _^k
donkey. The donkey unconsciously plays the star
role and wanders on and off the stage arrayed mo!-^**-^H
ley trappings, to the Infinite amusement of the audt-^^B
snco. The plot, if there la any, of this latest bur-^-**
lesque of Rogers Brothers, hinges upon a case of^|
mistaken Identity, the donkey innocently usurp-
lng the name of a mine, thereby creating laugha-
ble complications.
Andrew Mack has a horse which causes a sensa-
tion by dancing a jig when the star sings the Irish
ditty of "Pat and His Pipes." Tim is the name of ■
Mr. Mack's clever horse. Tim is by no means a ■
debutante save in the ranks of dancing. He played aH
conspicuous role in Shenandoah, so that when, ln MrM
Mack's new play, he is called upon to leap a chasm ■
and dash wildly away at midnight with the lovers haH
Is ready to enact his role with great spirit. As a ■
star performer he understands how to acknowledge ■
the applause of his audience, approaching the foot-, ■
lights and bowing with the ease and grace of a vet- ■
eran star. Ut
"The only difference between Tim and our other
stellar lights on the metropolitan stage is a slight dis
crepancy In the salaries," said Mr. Mack. "Tim re
ceives two apples every evening before the perform-.
ance. It is more a bribe than a reward, as lt ls a..
case of no apples, no performance. Tim stands per
fectly motionless when our rue is given until the ap*
•Dies are forthcoming."
M. Emil Gautler is familiar to San Fran.Mscar.s in
his famous high school acts. With his two beauti- I
ful geldings, one Jet black, the other as white as I
milk, this performer is giving an entertaining act at I
Keith's. He makes the performance thrilling by
using a platform of small dimensions, raised to a I
height of twelve feet above the stage. On this the I
horses go through the most difficult maneuvers.
The average dog or monkey ls apt to bore grown I
up people, but the troupe now at Proctor's and tho I
Burton docs at Koster & Bial's can entertain the
most satiated theater goers. The Burton dogs ■^^
make a specialty of hich jumping and hold the record
for the feat. The troupe at Proctor's known as Wal
ton's Simians, and Madame [rma's dogs give a vaudeville
sketch covering possibly thirty minutes. They play must*
cal instruments, do a high wire act and a trapeze per-
Miss Pauline ls perhaps the only vaudeville star
who gives a sketch with a dog as her only support.
Miss Willard's St. Bernard deserves its name.
"Princess Beauty." The Princess is an immense,
animal and shares the honors ir. the. sketch called'
"Lady Rosamond," with which Miss Willard is
making a tour of the vaudeville houses. The
Princess is a heroine as well as a clever actress.
having several life saving medals with whlch/gj|
her pretty mistress decorates a massive collar,/^*™
which the Princess also received as a reward ''a^M
for heroism. -AM
Tim Murphy has a famous rlndle bulldog
which has made a hit all over the country. ■
The dog goes by the name of Bulger. I
Bulger, to be in line with the other fighters, I
graduated from the ring to the stage. In I
the ring he held the championship, and his I
defection was a loss to the pit. Bulger has I
acq red the sp-eechmaktng habit, and
eh, . ■ fully assists Mr. Murphy whenever I
he is calied before the curtain to make a I
speech. No member of the company has I
bravery enough to attempt to hold him I
back when Murphy responds to a call for
a speech. He stands calmly by the star look
ing Intently at the audience, until the Speaker
pauses for breath, then Bulger makes his
fiercest bark.
Omaha, Nebr., preachers have been discussing
the question: "Has a dog a soul?" Their opinions
differ. Rev. Luther Kuhris, pastor of Grace Luth-
eran Church, said:
"I believe that the animals of this world were 31
made as an adjunct to man's life on earth; that they 1
were created for his service on this earth alone. If
there are animals In the other world I do not bel leva
they will be such as we have had here. I do not be« 7
lieve our domestic pets will be found among them. i
I have nD reason fcr thinking that animals will A
have another life I ".* dnd this one here." M
Rector Mackay of All Saints' Church believes
that animals known here may exist hereafter.
Ile said: _M
"Of late I have been thinking more and more _U
that a man's squl depends upon his conscious-
ness of it. You know and 1 know men In this
city v.ho are not conscious of having a soul. AU
They are little more than the beasts. They _U
doubtless will have life in tie- spirit world,
but can it be such ns the highly developed
spiritual man will have? It does not seem to
me to stand to reason. There is a great deal
In the word of rist, 'Ye must l.c born of the
Eplri;.' It Is the birth of the soul. The man who
goes throgh life without thought of his spiritual
part cannot of a certainty be admitted to that
higher heaven with the more developed beings.
"But if he has life which lingers beyond the grave
then- must there be a place for that life to exist. So 1
I believe there will be found a lower plane of exist
ence where such human beings will lind a place. .And
I do not know why the animals might not also have
another life there.
"On general term:- I would say that an animal did not
have a soul because we have not means of knowing that lt Is conscious of OBS.
But the mystery of life is a deep one. If that animal has a germ of life in it which
JFJomejraaian.
All About Big Dogs and <£ittle
Dogs, Prize Dogs and %Scrub
Row-Wows. ■
will survive the decay of the mortal body.
then it may have, a future existence in
common with those men who in their
earthly life have no consciousness of a
soul,. and hence make no preparation for
Its future."
Leo, a dog belonging to the Women
and Children's Hospital of Cork, Is dead.
He was well known not only In Ireland,
but In many parts of England. Of digni
fied demeanor, he was always on the
Btrcets, with his - Alpine barrel slung
around his neck, bent on errands of mer
cy as important as those of the great
monastery dogs. He gathered more than
£1000 for the hospital. Leo won the proud
distinction of carrying off the cup offered
by the Prince of Wales to the dog who
collected the largest amount for a hos-
pital. and the Princess of Wales frequent
ly petted him. He succeeded In his
benevolent exertions by his eldest son,
Leo. --'.XyXyy'-XrZ'yx^ ■ 
The leader of the pack of hounds that
appears in "Going the Pace" at the Prin
cess's Theater, in London, found his way .
one night to the royal box. where he was
regaled with chocolate and biscuits. The
next evening, at the close of". the: hunting
scene, the whole pack broke away, and,
running up the back staircase leading to
the royal box, to the great. consternation
of the occupants burst open the door and
rushed in. The spectacle aroused the au
dience, who saw a hitherto sedate com
partment the scene of a canine raid, and,
taking lt to be a part of the performance,
greeted It with a round .of applause, to
which the dogs responded with frantic
barks. After an Interval of confusion.
yHost Parous gUTTdog ?n $w sns^nd-
Probably the most famous bulldog in
England ls Champion Baron Sedgemere,
who, with his kennel companion and own
sister, Champion Battledore, has recently
been bought from his breeder and late
owner, Sam Woodlwiss, by F. W. Tay
lor of Bunnlslde, Sunderland, for the large
sum ftnalitlMH tew* -when ian it-fttf
THE SUNDAY CALL.
during which thb orchestra struggled In
vain to make Itself heard, while the
hounds with their forepaws in front of
the box yelped' approval, the huntsmen
arrived and eventually order was re
stored.
— » -
Most of man's appetites are acquired.
If he has not acquired them himself they
were acquired for him by his progenitors.
The first human being took at once to
milk, fruits, vegetables, meat. Through
heredity and habit how many other things
a human being does take to now! There
are few men who cannot remember what
a time they had in learning to cat oys
ters, to smoke and chew, or to drink.
It Ib just as true that the lower animals
have secondary appetites as that man has
them. To Illustrate, out of my own ob
servation, the truth of this statement, I
came to the rectory one day with a puppy
ln my bent arm. I am fortunate In that
the advent or an animal of any sort In
my house is as welcome an event to the
Supreme Authority, in that house as it is
to me. . i ,- -
Having some work, to do. 1 left the
puppy in the kitchen and went to my
study. An hour later I was called. When
I reached the kitchen. "See there!" ex-
claimed the Authority. ; What I saw was.
the puppy, its ears back, its stubby legs
apart.. Its tail- wagging, clumsily eating
potato salad :.t rom a saucer.
The Authority told me that she had
had the puppy In her arms at a side ta
ble on which sat the things which were to
be served at dinner; that to her surprise
it had sniffed longingly in the-'directlon
of the salad, and that Its having a sau
cer of that viand was the result. The
friend who had given me this puppy was
breeds fetch prices undreamed of a quar
ter of a century ago) of $3000. Champion
Baron Sedgemere is one of the famous
litter by Stockwell, ex-Champion Black
berry, born In 1895, which also Included
Champion Boaz, G. R. Sims' well-known
Barney Barnato and Baroness Sedgemere.
The Baron ls a lightweight, and is a red
dog with a .white chest marking he 1*
a German. The puppy had acquired the
♦German taste for vinegared and mustard-
ed things. :- y_*:;-.ir X
This puppy attached himself to me at
once and completely. The time was sum-
mer, and I frequently went to the side-
board for a drink. When I took a drink
the puppy always wanted one.
This was not surprising when I took
water. But I did not always drink water.
I sometimes took a glass of some soft
stuff. The puppy always wanted some of
whatever I drank. I provided a Mttle tin
pan for him. that he might he gratified.
and that I might have a drinking com-
panion. At first he did not. like sarsapa-
rilla,- and the way. In which he spat out
his first mouthful of ginger ale was
laughable. Before the first summer of
his association with me was ended, how-
ever, he had thoroughly; formed the per-
dicious soft drink habit.
And he had formed another habit. The
gentleman who gave him to me was a
-rewer. This gentleman showed his re
gard for me In many ways. There came
one day a case of beer from him to the
rectory. Whether I would have drunk
that beer had my stomach been In order
it is not necessary for me to say. The
fact Is that I did not drink much of It.
F did not want to offend the giver by
returning the case. The contents of two
or three bottles went into the sink.
But more than once. I tasted the beer.
This meant that the puppy got some of it.
At the first taste he liked it better than
he did the ginger ale or the sarsaparilla.
This awakened a suspicion In my mind.
Inquiry developed the fact that he had
frequently tasted beer before he came to
me. I poured no more beer Into the sink.
More than once the 'young dog came to
me and took me to the sideboard and
begged me for a drink. Once he brought
his growler to the study In his mouth.
That that dog got at least as much beer
as was good for him I need not say.
I have a story -sent to me from a cor-
good all round, and his head ls one that
certainly has never bean surpassed. His
large and phenomenally wrinkled square
skull, with Its great length from eye to
ear, his magnificent turn-up and lay
back, fill the heart of every bulldog fan
cier with envy and admiration, and, look
ing at him, no one 'can' wonder at his al
most unbeaten record. ' - "■■ 22X j Z
respondent In Scotland of a dog— large Newfoundland—
master missed him at regular hours each day. Investigation
showed that he went regularly to a saloon where at each com-
ing he got a schooner of beer.
I saw not long since a very large and yery red-nozzled horse.
I had seen the driver and the horse before. • They belonged to
a brewery wagon. The man's back was very much bent. His
Shoulders and abdomen were as nearly to gether as they could
get. His eyes were very dull— the lids being nearly closed—
Ky breathing could be heard at a great distance.
As to the horse, he walked lumberingly. He was cvi-
dently about as full of beer as the one whom he carried.
I have had the pitcher plant under eye a good deal.
It Ib well known that this plant is carnivorous. Cer-
tain species of the pitcher plant attract insects by a
sweet Juice which is very intoxicating. Were these
insects not fond of the intoxicant they, of course,
would not be attracted by it. I received, some
months ago, from New Orleans, an account of
how, a barrel having sprung a leak, there was
a small puddle of wine in a depression in a stone
sidewalk. A couple of sparrows tried it with
heir beaks. They liked -it* they tried It again
and again. When they attempted to fly away they
V could not do so. Soon they fell over on their sides.
were as completely done up as we can imagine.
adornment of the English nobility of whom
1 Bulwer Lytton speaks, who would sometimes
say, early In the week: "By the grace of God I
all be as drunk as a lord on next Friday!"
Whether this nobleman had any one to watch
-er him I do not know. The account goes that
ie sparrows spoken of above were cared for.
t also goes that the citizens of the community
f sparrows to which they belonged were pro-
ected from following their example by the el-
dera of that community, v.-ho formed a cordon
bout the puddle of wine and kept those under
their care and authority away from the hurtful
fluid.
The means which the human Inebriates will employ to
3 which the human inebriates will employ to
get his beverage evidences surprising shrewdness. This is just
,as true in the case of the brute inebriates. Could any master
have refused beer to his dog under circumstances such as
those which I have related with my dog and his thirst as the
central factor? -;Xy'
' Take another illustration: A great railroad contractor
told a friend of mine (a clergyman) the following
story, as to the truth of which there can be no
doubt, taking into account the character of the
contractor and that of the clergyman: In Africa
elephants are subject to attacks of malaria.
H They are treated with quinine and whisky.
They become very fond cf the whisky. A cer-
tain old elephant would simulate the symptoms
fit the disease to perfection for the sake of the
H whisky. This counterfeiting was so perfect that
H lt completely took In everybody, even an expe-
H rienced veterinarian, for a long time.
H It was discovered through the speedy cure
which the medicine worked. But this discovery
was not greatly to the disadvantage of the ele
phant. It was generally admitted that his trick
had fairly earned his drink. It is sad that such
a high intelligence should have been subordlnat-
to so low an
I have made many experiments in the line of
the thought of this article. I am not ready yet
to publish the results of these experiments. I
am sure, however, that a taste for strong
drink can be developed even in oysters.
H \yy-y «
B On one occasion Fido was punished for his misde
meanors and greediness. I was suffering with a cold,
and some one suggested a hot stew of syrup with
V plenty of red pepper. I was fond of syrup candy and
V often made It ln my little saucepan over my fire.
Fido was fond of it, too. As I sat over the fire on
V this particular afternoon he sat by me watching
H and waiting; eagerly, impatiently wagging his tall,
H raising his ears, giving way to short, impatient barks
and growls as time went by. I endeavored to make
him understand that he was mistaken; that he really
did not want the stew he thought he did, and, ln
short, that it was not for him at all. In vain. Fido
nad recognized the syrup jug, the little saucepan,
the smell of the candy and was wild with Im-
Finally I poured out some of the syrup to cool
in a saucer, and I sipped It as I did bo. It was
A very hot, so hot, in fact, that, with thoughtless
naste. I put the saucer down on a low stool and
A hurried out to get a glass of water. Fido, left
to himself, leaped upon the stool, lapped up
A one greedy mouthful and swallowed lt. Poor
mW Fido! Bewildered, horrified, tortured with
pain, he stood for a moment motionless, then
around and around the long dining table he
sped at the rate of sixty miles an hour. Around
around he ran. wildly, frantically.
Suddenly he paused— an idea had occurred to
him. Dashing across the hall, he sped into my
dressing room; a small tub of water was on the floor
near the washstand; he drank about a quart of It, then
returned looking calm and serene, and stretched himself
down on the rug for rest and repose after his unusual ex-
cltement. Mis serenity was of short duration, however.
At first a meditative and then a troubled look gradually
f stole over his countenance. Presently, with ears and tall
erect, he was once more racing around the room at full speed,
and then, as before, he fled to my dressing room and drank
another quart of water and returned wit a countenance less
serene and hopeful, and tried once more to rest and sleep. This performance
hel kept up at longer intervals during the entire afternoon, and that evening, when
I gave him his supper. In a saucer, he closed his eyes tight and declined to notice
it. He has persisted in his refusal to eat anything out of a saucer since that after
noon. 'Xyy'Z ' - DAVID BROWN.
Yorkshire Terrier.
Chihuahua.TWENTY AMERICAN GIRLS WHO
HAVE BY HARRIAGE BECOME
PRINCESSES AND THERE-
FORE OUGHT TO-BE .
HAPPY.
„ NCREASING frequency of marriages
I between American women and Euro-
pean noblemen has made our Amerl-
4- '-an noblewomen no longer numbered
by the dozens but by the hundreds, and
although the title of Princess is the least
common of all the titles acquired by
American girls through marriage, there
are here presented pictures of ten Prin
cesses besides Miss Grant and the outline
history of nine others, Linking twenty
Princesses American born.
Of these one of the most brilliant mar
riages was that of Miss Elizabeth Field
and Prince Don Salvator Brancacclo,
Duke of Lustra, Prince of Trlgglano,
Marquis of Brancacclo and a Spanish
grandee of the first class. The Princess is
the daughter of the late J. Hicksun Field
of New York, and the marriage took
place with much pomp and circumstance
ln Rome on March 3, 1870. The Princess
Is lady In' waiting to Queen Marghsrlta
AMERICAN
PRINCESSES
of Italy and lives at the superb Bran
cacclo palace at Rome. .She is a great
beauty and an especial favorite of the
Queen.
Another marriage of an American girl
with an Italian Prince was that of Miss
Eva Bryant Mackay, stepdaughter of
John W. Mackay. to Prince Ferdinand
Salatro Colonna, Prince of Pallano, Prince
of Stlgliano, a Spanish grandee of the
first class and an oflicer ln the Italian
cavalry. The marriage took place In
Paris on February 31, 1885. The Prince
and Princess have since been separated
by mutual consent.
One of our American Princesses Is aunt
by marriage to an Empress, for the Prin
cess of Noer, Countess yon Waldersee, Is
aunt to the Empress Augusta Victoria of
Germany, and the Prince**.* has been a
mother to the Empress for many years.
and tho advice of "Aunt Mary" is es
teemed at the royal palace by both Em
peror and Empress.
The Princess was Miss Mary Esther
Lee. daughter of the late David Lee of
New York. She was married on April 14.
1574, to General Alfred, Count Waldersee.
aid-de-camp general of the German army.
The Princess was married before this to
an Austrian nobleman, and the title of
Princes of Most Is In her own right and
was given her by the Emperor of Austria.
The Princess Hatzfeldt was Miss Clara
Huntington of New York and daughter of
C. P. Huntington. Her husband's family
is one of the oldest ln Germany, and
Count Hatzfeldt, a cousin of the Prince,
also married an American girl, Miss
Moulton of New York.
The Princess Balm Salm Is another Ger
man princess. She was Miss Agnes Jay,
and was born In Vermont. Sim met
Prince -Aim Salm In Washington at the
beginning of ths Civil War, as hs had
THE SUNDAY CALL.
[ijjßgjjgg
come to America to Join the Union forces
out of a spirit of fine adventure. The
marriage took place at Washington ln
1861. The Princess has married again
since the death of the Prince ln 1870, but
she still retains her title.
The Princess Czaykowskl waß Miss
Edith Collins of New York and a great
granddaughter of Commodore Vanderbilt.
She was married to Prince Reched Bey
Czaykowskl In Paris in 1895, and lives at
The Hague, where the Prince is attached
to the Turkish Embassy.
The Princess Poniatowski was Miss
Sparry of San Francisco. The Prince Is
of Polish extraction, but Italian by birth
and breeding. He Is a son of Prince
Stanislas Poniatowski, who was Master of
the Horse to the Emperor Napoleon 111,
The family is descended fr«nn the old
l,drribarar Counts' ''sT~Tamil7 wh"Jrin rass
emigrated to Poland. In 1769 Count
Stanislas Poniatowski was elected King
of Poland.
There is another American Princess
Poniatowski. She was Miss Catherine
C.e-ieiard of New York. She married
Prince Charles Poniatowski April 3, ISSO,
and lives in Italy.
The Princess Belossarky was Miss Susie
Whittler of Boston, daughter of General
Charles A. Whittler. She was married to
the Prince In Paris in 1895, and has lived
In Russia ever since at the Palace Belos
sarky, on an Island In the river at St.
Petersburg, which has been owned by the
family for many centuries. The Prince. is
ald-de-camp to the Grand Duke .Vladimir*
Another Russian Princess Is the Prin
cess Nicholas Engalltcheff, who was Miss
Evelyn Partridge of Chicago, a famous
beauty and belle. She was married to
the Prince at Chicago In October of last
year, and the Prince has decided to be
come an American citizen. He was for
merly one of the Imperial Guards at St.
Petersburg.
The Princess Francis Auersperg was
Miss Hazard of Shrewsbury. Manor,
N. J., and she was married to
the Prince in June of this year.
The Prince is an Austrian of noted
lineage. and is studying medicine
in this country. The Prince and Princess
have taken up their residence at Shrews
bury Manor. -
Ths Princess Camporeale w^is Miss
1
Mary Binney. daughter of John Blnr.ey of
Burlington, N. J. She was married to
the Prince at Burlington in 18S8.
The Princess de Lynar was Miss May
Parsons, daughter of George Parsons of
Elmenhurst, Ohio. She was married in
IS7I to the late Prince Alexander de Lynar
of the German army. The Princess ls en
titled by order of the King of Prussia to
the title of Serene Highness.
There are two American Princesses of
Ruspoll, Princess Emanuel and Princess
Alexander. The former was . Miss
Josephine Curtis, daughter of the late
Joseph Curtis of New York. She was
married In ISSS at Paris.
The Princess Alexander was Miss Eva
Broadwood of New York, and was mar
ried in 1877 to the Prince. The family is
related to the Bonapartes, and is one of
the most ancient of the Italian nobility.
The Prince is Mayor of Rome.
His brother, Prince Francis Ruspoll, Is
Hereditary Grand Chamberlain to his
Holiness the Pope.
The Princess Louis de Scey-Mont
bellard was Miss Winnaretta Singer,
daughter of Isaac Singer of Boston. She
•was married In Paris in ISS7.
> The Princess .de Susanet was Miss Field
of New York and was married in Paris
to the Prince, who was an officer ln the
French army.
The Princess Virginius Cencl Vlcovarro
and Marquise of Roccoprlora, Countess
Palatine) was Miss Eleanor Spencer,
daughter of Lorillard Spencer of New
York. She was married to the Prince in
1870, and has always resided at the beau
tiful Cencl palace at Rome.
■ ♦ .
The Lutheran Church in Iceland num
bers about 72,000 baptized members, which
is about the total population-
3132
A FEW
OF OAKLANDS
MOST MODERN
HOMES
THE STTFTD AT OALTi.