Text not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availablePages 11 to 20
AT HOME
REINFORCEMENTS
TO BE RUSHED
To GENERAL OTIS
Will Have 65,000 Men
in Sixty Days.
STILL MORE TROOPS ARRIVE
MANY TRANSPORTS WIUL SAIL
THE PRESENT MONTH.
Two Steamers Loaded With Horses
and Recruits for the Regiments
in the ri«ld Depart for ~~
the Philippines,
At the rate with which recruits and ad
ditional regiments are being dispatched
to the Philippines General Otis will have i
near. £5,00u men under his orders when |
the fall campaign against Aguinaldo and j
his followers, about two months hence, >
begins. Two more transports got away |
yesterday — the Warren, with eight officers I
and 1y23 recruits, of whom 635 are volun
teers and 2SO are regulars, and the Leele- j
naw. with a big load of horses and mules.
Lieutenant B. H. Dorcy, Fourth Cavalry, j
was in charge of the latter, and Captain
T. W. Moore, Twenty-first Infantry, la
the senior officer in command on the War
ren. Another battalion of the Thirty-first
Volunteer Infantry arrived at the Pre- j
Bidio during the uay and joined the two
battalions of the same regiment that ar
rived the day before. Colonel James Sum
ner Pettit came in with the third bat
talion, which is commanded by Major
John McMahon and the following cum
pany officers: Company A. P. Stivers,
captain; Company B, P. C. Gallagher,
captain; Company C, L. C. Bennett, cap
tain; Company D, W. E. Cabell, captain.
Troop G, Sixth Cavalry, Captain West
commanding, arrived at the Presidio at
about 3 o'clock in the afternoon.
Other regiments are on their way to
San Frar.cisco and will be forwarded to
the Philippines with the least possible de- '
lay. They will not be kept at the Pre
sidio to indulge in target practice, as has I
heretofore been the case with the raw re- !
cruils, but will sail as soon as transports
can be made ready for them. According
to the schedule for the sailing of these
vessels but little time should bo lost and ,
practically all the reinforcements intend
ed for the army of General Otis should
be away from this port by the Ist of Oc
tober or before.
The Columbia will be ready to go on the
Sth, the Sherman on the 15th, the Belgian
King on the 15th, the Hancock toward the
end of the month, the Grant on the 17th,
the steamship Tacoma on the 17th, the
Sikh on the Lath, the George W. Elder on ,
the 12th. the Aztec lan animal ship; in :
two weeks, the Centennial in ten days and
the hospital ship Kelief on the loth. The i
Tacoma and the George W. Elder will
arrive to-morrow. The Sheridan, which
Is expected In almost immediately, will be
fitted up to sail with the September fleet. |
The Glenogle is expected here on the yth ;
of September. The City of Rio will prob- I
ably be taken and also the Olympic,
which will be ready on October 1. The
Lennox, a large ship due here from the
Sound on the 20th, the British steamship
Victoria and the Acerican steamship Vic
toria are also under consideration. No
specific assignments have as yet been !
made to these transports, although it la J
understood that they will take the new i
volunteer regiments. The Thirty-first and i
Thirty-fourth Infantry have gone into
Camps Nos. 2 and 'i on the hill.
The volunteers are busy preparing for '.
mustering out. The medical inspection,
which has been in progress for several
days past, is proceeding rapidly and the I
muster rolls of the regiment now in camp J
are being prepared as fast as accuracy
will permit.
Major Rice of the California Heavy Ar
tillery has issued orders to the battalion
commanders to prefer charges against all
men under their command who fail to re- i
port for guard duty. J.here has been con
siderable laxity in this respect on the part !
di the soldiers lately anil the major is i
determined to put a stop to it.
A band of eighty horses intended for the ,
United States Cavalry, while being driven
from the cars at Third and Townsend
streets yesterday morning, became fright
ened at a donkey-engine on the water
front and stampeded. The cowboys in I
charge succeeded in rounding up all but i
twenty-three, that were captured by the
poundman and he-Id by the poundn I
until his claim of $4 a head should be j
liquidated. The matter was finally ar- ;
ranged after considerable telephoning and
the horses were safely corraled on the j
reservation.
First Lieutenant Ralph A. Clay, Four- j
teenth Infantry, who died at the general i
hospital on Wednesday night, was buried
In the United States Cemetery at the Pre
eidio yesterday afternoon with military!
honors*. The pallbearers were: First Lieu
tenant H. L. Laubach, Twenty-third In
fantry, First Lieutenants F. E. Har
ris R F. Gardner, Forse, P.rower and W.
E 'McNalr. Third Artillery.
The band of the First California Regi
ment marched from the chape! in which
the funeral services were . held to the |
■f-metery at the head of the escort, con-
Eistlng of a platoon of Battery O. Third
Artillery', commanded by Lieutenant.
Evans. • .
Colonel O. F. Long, superintendent of
the army transport service here, has at
ast induced the War Department to adopt
the plan recommended by him for the
transportation of animals to the Philip
pines. Heretofore the animals were taken
&ff at Honolulu and rested, their trans
ports waiting In the harbor meanwhile.
This involved a great money los-s to the
3overnment, with ships that had been
chartered at so much a day lying id'.e.
According to the new plan, several an!-;
mal ships will ply between Honolulu and
Ban Francisco arid a similar number be
tween Honolulu and Manila, The ani- \
mals will be taken off at Honolulu and
rested there, while the transports return
.■mmedlately to San Francisco. Later they
will be taken on another transport to M i
nila A $0000 appropriation has b^en
granted for corrals and sheds at Hono
lulu where the horses will be thoroughly
rested before starting on their longer
Dcean journey. '
The following order, which is regarded
is of more than ordinary importance, was
* sued yesterday: , 4 .
The following regulations for- the
sanitary service at regimental and re
cruit camps at the Presidio of San
Francisco are announced and will be
strictly followed by all concerned:
J A commissioned medical officer of
the army will be assigned in orders
from these headquarters to act as
medical inspector of the regimental
and recruit camps on the Presidio
Reservation with authority to exercise
general supervision over the medical
and sanitary conditions in these camps
and to see that the provisions or this
order a)e properly executed.
2 The commanding olncer of each
regiment in camp will detail from his
command two sanitary inspectors, one
■ from the line, preferably a major, and
the other a medical officer, whose
daily duty it shall be jointly to inspect
the general police of the regimental
camp company quarters and streets,
5 ' jsW ■ — ss^^ >-- —
Latest News of Our Volunteers
CALIFORNIA BOYS ARE BANQUETED
BY NATIVE SONS AND DAUGHTERS
THE Native Sons and Native
Daughters entertained the brave
soldier boys of the First I
Regiment and the California
Heavy Artillery las: night at a ban
quet in the grand nave of the ferry build
ing .and never was a feast more thor
oughly enjoyed or more appreciated than
that, which was In all probability the last
that the gallant volunteers of the Golden
West will partake of as a body for many,
many months to come. The banquet was
a great undertaking, and Its unqualified
. success was entirely due to the untiring
efforts of the ladles, assisted by a few of
the sterner sex who were placed on the
committee and allowed to assume a cer
: tain measure of authority because of their
i supposed superior knowledge of the re
quirements of the occasion. The grand
nave is an ideal banquet hall, with but a
single fault, and that consists in Its lack
of acoustic properties.
This was in a measure overcome by
placing a band at either end. but. un
fortunately, the speeches could be heard
' only by those in the immediate vicinity of
the speakers. This was unfortunate in
1 that it prevented the soldiers from hear
: ing all the good things that were said of
them. But if they could not hear they
! could tee and appreciate as only a soldier
! ca.n the substantial part of the pro
gramme.
Just north of the main entrance to the
grand nave four tables had been arranged
in the form of a hollow square, and at
these tabli -• ated the officers of
: the First California, of the artillery and
euch of the invited guests as could be ac
commodated. The other guests and the
soldiers were seated at long lines of
tables that reached from one end of the
: great nave to the other. Excellent music
was furnishrd by the bands of the Colo
-1 rado and Idaho regiments, both of which
generously volunteered their services.
There was a big crush of people, fully
i including those at table and the
hundre is of spectators, being in the build
ing. The presence of such a vast throng
seriously incommoded the work of the
committee and resulted in more or loss
unavoidable confusion. People would per
. getting into the seats reserved for
some one else and others could find no
s.ats to get into. Mrs. A. S. Townsend.
open-hearted liberality and grand
In behalf of the California \ olun
t^^rs have earned for her the title of
ler of the Regiment," was one of
those who were temporarily lost in the
shuffle. George Dryden found her stand
ing with her friend. Miss Rattigan, off
to one side, and quickly made a place for
them at a table, where if they could not
•h*» speeches they could at least see
the soldier boys enjoy themselves.
Among the invited guests who failed to
• wf-re the Governor and Major Gen
eral Shafter. The latter was in Del Monte,
but no ono knew where the Governor was.
Frank H. Mills introduced Daniel A.
Ryan as tonstmaster, and the latter railed
upon Father McKinnon. chaplain of the
First California Regiment, for a prayer,
at the conclusion of which the work of
demolishing the chicken fricasse and other
appetizing dishes began.
The speechmaking did not b^gin until
nearly 9:30, but once started there was no
hitch in the programme. Toastmaster
Ryan started the ball rolling with a short
address, in which, among other things, he
said:
"The California volunteers constitute
the first army in the history of the United
- to go to a foreign territory for the
se of acquiring new possessions, and
I cull upon the people of California io
welcome thes-^ brave sons of California
to their country and their homes."
The Governor was down on the pro
gramme to respond to the "State of Cali
i'rnia." but as he was not present and
do representative Chief Justice
Bf-atty was called upon to speak to the
sentiment. '••■ did briefly.
"The First Regiment, California Volun
was the toast assigned to Colonel
Duboce. who saiil:
"It devolves upon mp to thank you on
bohalf of the California Volunteers for
cry handsome reception. It hardly
becomes me to say anything about the
• nia regiment aft<-rall you have done
to show your appreciation for what the
the kitchens, the food, its quantity
lality, method of preparation
and serving, the condition of the sew
ers anil the general health of the men.
They will make to the regimental
commander a report Of ariv unfa ■ r
nns or unusual Increase la
sickness with their remarks aim ie
commendations in the premises. These
reports will be forwarded the same
day to the post commander through
the medical inspector of the camps.
3. A daily sick call will be held in
earh regiment and slight cases of Hi
ness treated in quarters or in the
regimental hospitals provided for that
purpose, but all serious cases, or those
likeiy to be ill for more than a few
days, will be sent to the United States
General Hospital. San FTancisco. The
senior surgeon of each regiment will
make timely requisition for all neces
sary medical and hospital supplies di
rect to the chief surgeon.
4. If any case of infectious disease
appears, the fact will be promptly re
ported to the medical inspector of
camps, who is authorized to make
proper disposition for its isolation and
care and every precaution will be
taken by the regimental medical offi
cers for thorough disinfection to guard
against the further spread of the dis
ease.
5. An ambulance with team fully
equipped will be assigned by the post
commander to each regimental camp
for service during the day. and one
such ambulance will be stationed at
some convenient place for the general
use of the camps in case of emergency
during the night from retreat to re
veille.
SAX FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1599.
volunteers from this State hare accom
plished, but I desire to refer to one thing
that we were continually hearing all the
time we were at the front in the Philip
pines, and that is the praise from the lips
of all the regiments from the East who
passed through San Francisco on their
way to the seat of war for the hospitable
welcome and . kind treatment they re
ceived from the people of this city.
"We have been sort of dazed the whola
week past and almost killed with kind
ness, and this banquet is a fitting finale
for a week of festivity, and our hearts
are overflowing with gratitude."
Major Frank S. Rice of the California
Heavy Artillery was called upon to re
spond to the toast "On the Firing Line,"
hut he stated in the beginning that he
was not qualified to speak on that sub
ject.
"We were only a little bunch of men
located by General Otis four miles from
nowhere," he said, "doing garrison duty
at Cavite. We were there 140 days, and
for sixty-nine^ days we were under fire.
But we did not go to the front; that
privilege was denied us. We were kept
down there, with a pestilential swamp all
around us. threatened with 'disease, with
Mauser bullets dropping continually in
our camp: but we won no glory, and we
claim none; but if the handful of men
who served under me for sixteen month?
fight the battle of life as nobly as they
did their duty in the swamps of the Phil
ippines they will not have fought in vain."
Mayor Phelan responded to "The Mu
nicipality."
"I know," he said, "you all understand
why we are here to-night. You all recall
not many months ago when the President
was appealing to the country for volun
teers to save the flag from threatened dis
grace and dishonor, how quick and en
thusiastic was the response in California.
You also remember the scenes at the de
parture of the First California Regiment.
Now they are back again and we are glad
to welcome them to their homes once
more."
Senator Perkins was the next speaker,
responding to the toast, "Th« President. •
In part he said:
"There was nothing more magnificent
than the great spontaneous uprising of the
people of this great country when the call
to arms was issued by the President of
the United States and the splendid wis
dom and energy displayed by the chief
executive of 75.000 people in carrying on
the war to a successful consummation has
won the heartfelt admiration of soldiers
and civilians throughout the land. No
where in monarchical Europe will you
find such magnificent material for soldiers
as can be found in this country. There
they are all under the influence of a ruler
who bases his claim to authority on her
edity; here every American citizen is a
sovereign by virtue of that citizenship,
and they are luled by a man elected by
them and who is a citizen like themselves.
We are proud of our President and w«
will stand by him in the future as in the
past."
Other toasts were responded to as fol
lows:
"The Native Sons," Lewis F .Byington;
"The Native Daughters." Henry Lun
stedt; "The College Soldier." David Starr
Jordan; "The Home of the Soldier," Hugh I
J. M. Isaac; "The United States," Julius
Kahn; and "The Ladies." Judge Dibble.
Following is the list of Invited guests:
Senator George C. Perkins. Major General
Dickinson and staff. Colonel William P. Sulli
van. Brigadier General R. H. Warfleld and
staff, W. B. Hinchman, M. Sanderson, Julius
6. Company commanders should
caution their men against exposure to
fogs and high winds that often prevail
here, especially in the evening and
early morning, at which time over
coats should be worn. The sale by
civilians of food or drink within the
limits of the reservation Is prohibited.
Acting Assistant Surgeon George W.
Daywalt. T*. S. A., now at the United
States General Hospital, Presidio, has
been assigned to duty as transport sur
geon on board the Warren, vice Acting
Assistant Surgeon John J. Gilhuley Jr.,
U. S. A., relieved.
Surgeon Daywalt has been ordered to
report for duty on that transport, and
j Surgeon Gilhuley has been ordered to re
! port to the commanding officer. United
Stntes General Hospital, Presidio, for
| duty.
First Lieutenant George H. Estes Jr.,
: Twentieth Infantry, has been ordered to
i report to the commanding officer at the
! Presidio for temporary duty with recruits
aw.niting transportation to the Philippine
Islands.
First Lieutenant Frank E. Harris, Third
Artillery, commissary of the camp of re-
I turning volunteers at the Presidio, nas. in
addition to his other duties, been detailed
i as quartermaster of that camp, vice First
Lieutenant Rogers F. Gardner, Third Ar-
I tillery. relieved.
Captain Andre W. Brewster, Ninth In
• f.ir.try. has been as-signed to duty as
; quartermaster on the transport Columbia.
which will sail for Manila on September 8.
First Lieutenant John O'Shea, Fourth
Cavalry, has been detailed for duty as
quartermaster on the horse transport
Aztec, soon to sail for the Philippines.
Upon the request of Major William H.
Baldwin, commissary of subsistence.
Kahn. General W. H. L. Barnes, Adjutant
General A. M. Seamans. Mayor James D.
Phelan Senator Hansbrough, Governor Steun
enberg of Idaho. Governor De Forest Richards
of "Wyoming, Judge F. M. An^eHotti. Joseph
Man.»rleld. Clarence Warren. Hugh Hume, R.
A Crothers. Charles H. Morrell, J. L#o Parke.
A B Spreckels. Professor C. W. Mooers, w.
H. Metson, Chief Justice Beatty, Paris Kil
burn. Howard Holmes; president of the
Mexican War Veterans; H. C. Dibble. Paul
Blades, Chief of Police Lees, S. H. Daniels,
J. H. Hammersmith, W. E. Stone, Alfred J.
Kelleher, Percy Henderson, Judge A. R. Cot
ton, Ernest Simpson, Mrs. Phebe Hearst, Mrs.
Leland Stanford, Judge W. R. Dalngerfleld,
Carl Eisenschimel, M. H. de Young, A. M.
Lawrence, E. J. Martin, Henry C. McPlke,
Mrs. William B. Harrington. Charles Kellogg.
Austin Tubbs, Fremont Older, Fred W. Zelle,
John McLaren, • James H. Budd, Rabbi J.
Voorsanger, P. J. Harney W. D. English.
Rudolph Herrold, George H. Newhall, J. W.
Wren, J. H. Downing, David Starr Jordan,
Professor Benjamin Ide Wheeler. Mrs. A. S.
Townsend, W. E. Stone. John T. Greaney, W.
W. Shannon, Father W. D. McKlnnon. James
A. Devoto, Jacob- Steppacher, L. J. Walsh.
Frank H Dunne. F. H. Kerrigan. Admiral
Kautz. commander U. S. S. lowa, commander
TJ. S. S. Boston, commander U. S. S. Newark,
General Shafter and staff, Rev. Mr. McDonald
son, J. D. Spreckels. Mr. Olllnger, Colonel Mc-
Coy Mrs. J. T. Merrill, Fred F. Ames.
Grand officers of the Native Sons Of the
Golden West— Past grand president. William M.
Conley; grand president, Frank Mathison;
grand secretary. Henry Lunstedt; grand treas
urer Henry 8. Martin; grand first vice presi
dent, C. R. Rust; grand second vice president,
Frank L. Coombs; grand marshal, Milton R.
Besse. grand orator, L. F. Byington; grand
outside sentinel, Marcuse; grand Inside
sentinel A. W. Fiedler: grand trustees— Frank
L Sabichi, M. T. Dooling, H. R. McNoble,
Fletcher Cutler, William D. Shea, Frank Bar
nett, C. O. Dunbar.
Presidents of parlors — Thomas T. Stack, San.
Francisco; Henry Schepper, Sequoia; James
HefTernan. Marshall; George Stanzenberger,
Pacific; Max Llchtensteln, Alcatraz; Fred Sew
ell Golden Gate; Charles Ellert. Hesperian; J.
Harris, Columbia; T. Severance, San Fran
cisco; L. E. Deere, Alcalde; P. P. Mausang,
El Dorado; Mark Devlne. Olympus: James
Hanley, Preclta: Alton Vaughn. National: J.
M Liibert, Bay City: L. Walsh. Terba Buena;
J H. Wallace, Niantlc; W. A. Peake, Rlncon;
W. A. Dean, Stanford; R. Jansen, California;
K. K. Townsend. Brooklyn; E. G. Williams,
Oakland; W. E. Deane, Athens: Charles Rup
richt. Mount Eden; J. L. Wilson. Wisteria; H.
B. Orr, Alameda.
Grand officers. Native Daughters of the
Golden West: Past gran.', presidents— Mrs. T.
L. Kane, Mrs. L. W. Morris, Mrs. Carrie R.
Dunham, Miss M. B. Johnson. Miss C. K.
Wlttenmeyer. Miss M. B. Wilkin. Miss Marl
ana Bertola. Mrs. M. E. Tillman. Mrs. Belle W.
Conrad. Miss E. O. Spencer, Mrs. Lena II
Mills, Miss Minnie Coulter; grand president
Mrs. Cora B. Slfford; grand vice president
Mrs. Emma Gett; grand secretary. Mrs. Geor
gie Ct Ryan; grand treasurer. Miss Eliza D
Keith; grand marshal, Miss Laura J. Frakes;
grand inside sentinel Mrs. Sophie Schroeder:
grand outside sentinel, Mrs. Sadie Rlos; grand
trustees — Miss 7.miidowskl, Miss Hannah Gray,
Miss Stella Finkeldey, Mrs. Mary J. Langford,
Miss Harriet S. Lee.
United State? army, purchasing commls- i
s«.ry in this city, a board of survey ron- •
sitting of Major Hugh J. Gallagher, com- |
mlssary of subsistence, U. S. A., Captain
Robert" H. Noble. Third Infantry. Aid and
First Lieutenant R. F. Gardner. Third
Artillery, has been appointed to examine !
intr., report upon and fix the responsibility
for certain discrepancies found to exist in
original cases of subsistence stores and
also certain stores received in a damaged
condition, turned over to him by commis- ;
saries of transports returned from Ma<- i
nila. P. 1., and other sources. The board j
will begin its work on September 5.
Maior General Shaftc-r went to Del ]
Monte yesterday to join his daughter, j
Mrs. McKlttrlck, and will return to the
city to-morrow.
RECEPTION TO
METHODIST SOLDIERS
A reception will be given the Methodist
California soldier boys now in this city
by the Epworth League All/ance next
Tuesday evening in Grace M. E. Church.
C. B. Perkins will preside and Robert
Husband will act as chorister and Miss
Nellie Jones as organist. The following
programme has been arranged:
Song. "America," by the audience, wav
ing flags; prayer, by M. V. Donaldson;
chorus. "God Bless Our Land," by forty
young ladies; address of welcome, by Rev.
John Hannon, D.D.: solo, "The Star-
Spangled Banner." Mies Grace Davis;
patriotic recitation. Miss L. Jacob; double
male quartet. "The Flag"; address of wel
come on behalf of the leagues; serenade
Presidents of parlors. Native Daughters of
the Golden West— May Flynn, Tosemite No. 83;
T. Paul, Piedmont No. ST: Carrie Landrigan.
Aloha No. 106: M. Long, Buena Vista No. 68;
A. Kerr, Fremont No. 59; L. Utschig, Orinda
No. 56; G. Schade, Golden State No. 50; L.
Hickman. Alameda No. IS; T. Stahl. Oro Fino;
L. Oltmaji, La Estrella: Miss Brown. Sans
Soucl; M. Richter. Alta; K. Curran. Minerva.
Members of the committee Native Sons' of
the Golden West on reception to California
Volunteers: California Parlor No. I— Dr. H.
Herrington, O. L. Blackrnaa, John H. Grady;
Pacific Parlor No. 10— F. Herbert Dam. Daniel
A. Ryan, H. E. Faure; Golden Gate Parlor
No. 2S— E. J. Barton. T. C. Canny, W. A.
King; Mission Parlor No. 38— Frank H. Mills,
Frank A. Tibbitts; San Francisco Parlor No.
49— H. M. Locke, John A. Henning, David
Capurro; El Dorado Parlor No. 52— J. Greeley,
E. C. Anderson, Lewis B. Mayer; Rlncon Par
lor No. 72-G. J. Zohender. P. F. Mertes,
Joseph Murphy: Stanford Parlor No. 76— J. W.
Lewis, D, C. Martin. C. H. Stanyan; Yerba
Buena Parlor No. 84— F. C. Kenney, M. J.
Sheehan. F. L. Pritchard: Bay City Parlor
No. 104— Henry Edwards, H. L. Har.zberger,
T. R. Hamilton; Niantio Parlor No. 106— I* F.
Byington, Frank Mordecal, Joseph B. Keenan;
National Parlor No. 113— D. F. Nunan. A. R.
Vaughn, H. F. Linkendey; Columbia Parlor
No. 121— Dr. Thomas Rethers, P. V. Long;
Hesperian Parlor No. 137— R. P. Doolan, L. H.
Kohn, H. T. Shepston; Alcatraz Parlor No. 145
— J. M. Carroll, C. H. Turner, B. P. Lapacher;
Alcalde Parlor No. 154— J. J. Grief, A. Rah
wyler. H. F. Morton; South San Francisco
Parlor No. 157— Daniel Harrington, L^uis
Nonneman ; Seouola Parlor No. 160— R. D. Bar
ton, L. C. Pistolesi, W. P. Johnson; Precita
Parlor No. IS7— W. C. Miller. J. E. Behan.
C. Clemens; Olympus Parlor No. 1S9 — Judge F.
J. Murasky, H. I. Mulcreavy. Joseph C. Her
old; Presidio Parlor No. 134— E. E. Fischer,
W. J. Donlan; Marshall Parlor No. 202-J. P.
Kullman, M. Farris; Alameda Parlor No. 47—
J. Henry Glas, F. O. Schuman. M. Glas; Oak
land Parlor No 59— J. P. MeElroy. E. G. Wil
liams H. G. Williams; Piedmont Parlor No.
120— Frank Bonnet, W. H. L. Haynes. E. A.
Brackett; Halcyon Parlor No. 164— F. C. Saun
ders, A. L. Moreenstern, B. C. Elliott; Athens
Parlor No. 19;,— J. N. Fogarty, C. H. Green.
C. A. Lefevre.
Delegates from the Native Daughters of the
Golden West to the joint reception committee
to California Volunteers: Minerva Parlor No.
;;— Mrr Mary E. Tiilman. Miss Mary Dempsey,
Mi?s Margaret Marshall: Alta Parlor No. 3—
Mrs. I. Faure. Mrs. E. W. French, Mrs. L. de
Roos; Oro Fino Parlor No. 9 — Mrs. C. F. Kapp.
Mrs. J. Wright; Aiam^da Parl.T No. IS-Miss
Augusta Schuman, Miss Julia Hog an, Mrs.
Sophie Schroetler; Goli- s n State Parlor No. 50—
Mips Frfda yon Staden. Miss Millie Tietjen,
Mi*s Annie Alkman: Orinda Parlor No. 58 —
Mrs. Emma Gruher Fnley. Miss Birdie Mayer.
Mr?. Lona li. Mills: Fremont Parlor No. sS*—
Mr?. R. D. Barton, Miss A. Qoodwin, Miss L.
Vi -rsalnvieh; Buena Vista Parlor No. 6S— Mrs.
F Wehe. Mr=. Addle Levy: Las Lomas Parlor
N . 7S— MiMS Emma McAllister. Mrs. A. D.
Codrfington. Miss Mattie Farrls; Tosemlte Par
-1 r No. S3--Mlss Ktta Armstrong;, Miss Laura
r,.,ptzoe. Miss May Flynn; Piedmont Parlor
No. <7-Mrs. T. Paul. Miss M. Edgar, Mrs. J.
E. Brown: La Estrella Parlor No. 89— Miss
lOvrrsahl. Mrs. C. A. Boldemann. Mrs.
Charles Becker; Sans Poucl Parlor No. 96 — Mrs.
P. Osteman, Miss Annie Miller, Miss Nellie
Clarke.
for horn, flute obligato. Professor H. L.
Todd and L. Burris: responses on behalf
of soldiers, by Messrs. Richard Jar.tzen,
Arthur Kempston. Henry Matheson. Mc-
Creery and others; medley of patriotic
airs, orchestra leader. Professor H. L.
Todd: song, "Onward. Christian Soldiers."
by audience. Everybody bring a flag.
Professor Todd's orchestra will play a
few numbers during the banquet.
Entertained the Mission Boys.
About seventy-five members of the First
California Regiment, residents of the Mis
sion, were tendered a banquet last night
in Maennerbund Hall. Potrero avenue and
Twenty-fourth street, by their friends.
The occasion was a jolly one, and its suc
cess was largely due to the efforts of J.
J. Dwyer, Fred Rasmussen (chairman),
H. D. Hoey. Mrs. William Siebert, Mr?.
Bella Guthrie, Mrs. Emma Barduhn, Mrs.
H. L. Beecroft, Mrs. Emma Smith,
George Guthrie, John Barduhn, John Mc-
Garry, Mrs. M. J. Ogle and Gus Rasmus
sen.
Music and literary exercises followed
the feast.
THE VOLUNTEERS RETURN.— AII
the exciting scenes of the great recep
tion in the Wasp's quarterly "Home
Again" number, 25c. Sold by all news
dealers. *
AGAIN VOLUNTEER.
Wilder Guards of Tennessee Seek Ser
vice in the Philippines.
KNOXVILLE, Term., Sept. 2.— Thej
AT THE FRONT
MR.MOOLEY
TELLS ABOUT
THE NAVAL
RESERVES?
[TVhen the Oregon Nayal Militia came aboard the Badger they imagined
that their cruise of one week was going to be a sort of pionic; all the work
would be done by the regulars and the reserves would have nothing to do but
look pretty and learn how to be Deweys. But they soon found out their
mistake when early in the morning the bugle sounded "bright work." Large
chunks of waste and a can of pomade were served out to f ach section, and they
were soon initiated into the mysteries of highly polished brasswork.
When night came each little sailor man dragged forth his hammock, and
then his troubles really commenced. How to get into the "darned thing" seemed
to cause him more uneasiness than had the wild salt billows which tossed the
Badger around on the unstable surface of the ocean. One of the Portland boys,
in a fever of thoughtfulness, had brought with him an adjustable stepladder, and
lo! the mystery was solved.
The decks of the Badger have been the scene of many events, grave and gay,
but this cruise with the Naval Militia carries off all the laurels lor amusing
Incidents. The arrival on board of Neptune and his suite, our Fourth of July
and subsequent entertainments are all thrown into the shade, and we have rea
son to ever remember the cruise of the Oregonians.]
SAT,5 AT, Dinnis! Hay yez heard how
thim ORegon Naval Preserves
sthood their cruise at say? No?
Well, yez havn't missed much, for
begorrah. they didn't sthand it at ail,
at all; they laid down to at for five
days, an' iv'ry wan ay thim knows now
phwat md ay the gunn th' ball kima
out ay. T'was this way, d'ye see: A
lot ay thim judes fr'm Portland an'
Astoria, t'inkin' they wud loike to do
tings loike Dewey, wint cut to say on
th' Badger, sayin' to thimsilves:
"Arrah, now, 'tis a foine picnic we do
be runnin' up aginst: th' mm ay th'
Badger will do all th' worruk, an* all
| we do Is sit around an' play phwist an'
I watch thim." But, say, Dinnis they
I see th' evil ay their thoughts now, as
! th' Chunday-school teachers say. Th'
i first noight at say It comminst to rain
I loike th' divil, an' along about tin
I o'clock be th' port watch, Ding! Dong!
i Dong! wint th' ship's bell. "Fire!" fire!"
| yelled wan ay th 1 judes. Up on deck
tumbled th' mm, some ay thim In paj
jiminies. or pwhativer ye call thim—
thim things loike a bag around yer kar
cus; an' some ay thim hadn't turned in
at all because they'd left their step
ladders at home an' couldn't get into
their hammicks, an' others kirn flyin'
up with less clothes an thim than God
gave thim. 'Where's the foire?" wan
ay thim axed the offsur ay th' dick.
"Down in th' engine-room, ye fools!
Don't chez know th' diffrince bechune
a ship's bell an' a fire bell? Go below
agin!" An' thin th' ocean comminst
to get gay an' behave in a viry indacint
manner; manny ay th' judes had niver
be to say befoore, an' ay coorse their
wake, dilicate little stomix couldn't
sthand fur th' mixin' up they got; an'
say. Dinnis ! a cologney factory wud ay
been hailed wid delight. Ivery blissid
i ting thim judes hod insoide ay thim
! was schatthered all over th' ship, an'
j such sthuff that kirn up was corks.
I glass bottles, oats an' that sthuff called
grass; an' Oi belave, if Oi'm not mis
taken, I saw a pair ay gallusses comin'
out ay a jude's stomik. Th' nixt
marnin', bright an' early, ach wan ay
thim was given his first lisson in say
manship. A big chunk ay waste an' a
can ay Fritz's pomade was dealed out
to thim. an' they soon found out phy
th' brass worruk on th' Badger always
looked so bright. Say. Dinnis ! It was
a picnic to see thim judes poiishin' our
brass an' scrubbin' our decks. Says th'
! offsur ay th' deck: "Take off yer chocs
an' stockins!" an' av coorse th' judes did.
Well, begorra, Dinnis, widout a worrud
of a lie, we didn't need army sand
from the locker, for there was enough
that kirn from their fate to scrub her
down wid sand fer a month. I t'ink
Davy Jones must ay been stuck fer a
■week in th' mud that left their fate
from the Badger. After a phile some
felley played us a chune on a fish horn,
which meant that breakfast was reddy,
an' thin, be jabbers, ye shud ay seen
th' rush! Th' poor divils that dropped
their insides along th' deck didn't care
about goin' down below, but they were
hungry, havin' donated their last three
meals to th' mermaids an' Davy Jones;
: an' whin th<nr eyes lighted upon th'
I breakfast they guv wan long yell like a
! Commanche Injun. The offsur ay th'
i dick kern runnin' down th' stairs, an'
| says, says he: "Phwat talk hay yez;
I phwat'fl all this row about?" Says
they: "We want our breakfast!" Says
he: "Oh, yes does, does yez? D'ye think
I this a restaurant? Phwat's good enuff
fur Uncle Sam's sailormin is good
enough fur th' loikes ay ye judes! Is it
poi yez want?" With that he gives wan
kirk at a spit an' walks forrud.
Well, th' judes tuk a tumble an' fell on
to the hardtack, an' divil a worrud a
Wilder Guards, a crack military organiza
tion of this city, every member of which
was a volunteer in the Spanish-American
war. has volunteered to go to the Philip
pines or wherever the President may see
fit to send them. President McKinley and
Congressmen Brownlow and Gibson of
this State were advised by wire to-day of
the determination of the young men- The
Pages II to 20
lie Oi tell ye did they say afther that
about th' grub, or lave army ay it afther
thim, hardtack an' all. Bimeby th' fel
ley wid th' fish horn gave us anither
chune, an' ivery wan ay us wint flyin'
up th' stairs to see what th' divil was
th' matther agin. They called it Giner'l
Quarters, but divil a giner'l cud Oi see;
but annyhow, all th' sailormin was
standin' in line, like they did th' night
Casey opened up th' new s'loon, an' all
th' offsurs had their swords on an' was
walkin' up an' down the deck, rubberin'
at th' capting an' s'iootin' him loike
he was th' Prisidint. "Go ahead wid
th" drill!" says th' capting. "Very good,
sur"' says th' Lootinint, an' wid that he
e'loots th' rist ay thim an' orders thim
to pass th' worrud for th' drills.
"Phvere are they?" says the offsurs.
"In th' fightin' top." says the capting.
Wid that th' Lootinint yells to wan ay
th' judes: "McLean, climb up thim
steps an' bring down thim drills:" The
jude says: "I can't sur; me fate's
webbed." Afther a phile, phin th' Loo
tinint had consulted wid th' capting an'
th' other offsurs, they kirn to th' con
clushun that it was rainin' too much
to have th' drillin' match outside, so th'
Judes was hustled downstairs agin. Th'
Lootinint gave th' order: "Go blow all
th' fourt' division!" an" wud ye b'lave
me, Dinnis, ivry blissid mother's son ay
th' fourt' division made a rush for th'
felley wid th' fish horn to hoy a blow
at th dom thing! Well, they got down
below afther a phile, an' th' division
offsurs dealed out a gunn to aich wan
ay thim an' lined thim up in a row
agin. "'Tinshur.:" says th' offsur.
Each wan ay thim looked at his fate to
see they were both there. "'Prisint
harms'." says he agin. Kaeh jude sail
orman stippert up an' prig in ted th 1 off
sur wid his gunn, an' if th' poor divil
hod twinty hands he cud not ay
grabbed thim fast enough. Say, Dinnis.
d'ye moind th' toime th' haythin at
Samoa surrindid their gunns to us?
■Well, it wus just th' same wid these
Judes. They cudn't give thim up fast
enuff. Bomby th' offsur ay th' deck
kirn along, an' seem' how things was,
he says, says he: "Choulder harms:"
They got this right, so to jolly thim
up a bit, he says: "Arrah, mm, it's
splindid ye'r doin'. Put it on yer other
choulder! It's foine sojersailors yell
be makin' some day twinty cinturles
hince!" Wan ay th' jude? was tryin'
to sneak out ay th' drillin' match, an'
was walking off toward th' gallery: th Q
capting spied him an' sung nut: "'Hey,
there, you! Where d'ye b'long? Kirn
back here!" The jude kep on walkin'
an' said: ""It's airoight, capting. I be
long in Aastoria. an' am goin' to
walk home." He thought he end
walk on th' wather. Afther th' drill
was over th' mm were givin a rist
for about tin minits; thin th' felley wid
the fish horn played a chune an' Giner'l
Quarters kirn along agin. It's a dom
funny thing, Dinnis, that niver a wan
ay us iver got a squint ay th' giner'l,
but sivin tim^s ivry day for five days
th' Giner'l was on hoard th' Badger, an'
th' poor judes didn't have a chanst for
a dacint smoke. But they're home agin
now, Dinnis, an' glad they are. Lavin'
all jokes asoide. thim ORegon mm are
all right. Nixt week the San Francisco
lads will come aboard for a chanst. ay
coorse we expect betther worruk from
thim, as they have hod more experience
than th' O'Regons. But Oi don't belave
the San Francisco byes can do army
betther shootin' wid a foive-inch gunn
than th' O'Regons did. Wan ay thim
named Leery smashed the tar gate all
to smithereens th' first rattle out ay th*
box, an' the capting hod to put out a
new wan for th' other felleys; an', be
jabbers, they'd no sooner got out th'
new tar gate whin, Bing! wan ay thim
Castorians hit it a smash, an' I b'lave
it's goin' yit! I b'lave he thot he wuz
out In th' woods huntin' thim squirls
wid th' long shaggy tails.
Congressmen are asked to use their in
fluence to have the proposition of the
company accepted that it may enter the
volunteer service under its own officers.
Its captain is H. E. Goetz. who held simi
lar rank in the Third Tennessee.
Advances made on furniture and piano*, wlttx
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.12
SOCIETY.
NOW that the week of sports at Del |
p^J Monte ie a thing of the past all
eyes are turned to the open-air j
" horse-show of the Burlingame
Country Club to be held on the club ■
grounds at Burlingame on Friday and |
Saturday, September 8 and 9, from 10 a. m. i
to 5 p. in. each day. Special trains will be |
run for the accommodation of visitors from j
town, and a table d'hote luncheon will be i
served at the clubhouse, all exhibitors \
receiving a visitor's card to the club for
the two days.
The committee having th« show In
charge comprises George Aimer Newhall,
chairman; John Parrot: , Joseph B. Crock
ett, Francis J. Carolan, Walter Scott Ho
bart, Henry J. Crocker and George X.
Pope.
The list of classes includes roadsters,
harness horses (both novices bred in Cali
fornia and open to all), appointment
classes, tandems, four-in-hands, ponies in j
harness, saddle horses, ponies under sad- ,
die, polo ponies, jumping classes and driv
ing competitions.
A ball will be held at the clubhouse on
Friday evening, September 8. '
The marriage 'of Mips Helen Thornton,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Critter-den
Thornton, to Siegfried Schacher took
place In London on July 5. The groom is i
the fon of a wealthy German residing in j
Paris, where he has prepared a home for
the voting couple. The bride spent last
winter with her mother in Washington,
D. C, where they were extensively enter
tained, and for some months past they
have been traveling in Europe with Mrs.
Thornton's mother, Mrs. D. D. Colton.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank S. Johnson enter
tained a Dumber or' their friends at dinner
at their home in San Rafael on Tuesday i
last— Mr. and Mrs. Fred H. Green. Mr.
and Mrs. E. W. Kunyon, W. O'Connor, E.
M. Greenway and several others.
General Irving Hale, U. S. V., and Mr??..
Hale, who returned from the Philippines 1
on August 22, were the guests of honor at
a dinner given at the Occidental Hotel on
Saturday evening, August 26, by Mrs.
Potter, wife of Major Samuel O. L. Pot
ter, surgeon, U. S. V.. formerly on Gen
eral Hales staff. Covers were laid for '
fourteen, and many of the gentlemen j
present were of General Male's former
regiment, the First Colorado Infantry, U. j
S. V.
Admiral and Me. Kautz returned to the '
Hotel Rafael last Monday after spending
ten days in Monterey.
The family of Captain McCalla is now
at the Hotel Rafael, where they will re
main until that officer takes charge of the
Newark on her arrival at this port.
Charles McCarthy, the American ship
ping master, has taken a pretty cottage
for the summer at Irving, a rural resort
near Camp Taylor, and will reside there
with his Eamlly until the latter part of .
September.
Mr. and Mrs. F. J. Andrews have re- I
turned to Bolinas from a pleasant tour, |
during which they visited Los Angeles,
Redondo, Santa Monica, Coronado, the
Catalina Islands and Mexico.
Mrs. W. H. Vanderlip is spending a few
weeks at San Rafael with the family of ,
her son, Dr. G. G. Vanderlip.
Mrs. Eddie, the wife of Army Surgeon
Eddie, now stationed at Manila, will soon :
sail for Yokohama in company with her
sister, Miss Mary Kipp.
Mr. and Mrs. W. K. Vanderbilt Jr. and
Mrs. Herman Oelrichs are expected to j
join Mr. Oedrlchs in this city the latter
part of this month.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry T. Scott, Mrs. M.
S. Wilson, Mr. and Mrs. Joseph B. Crock
ett, Miss Mary Scott, Muss Caro Crockett !
and Miss Edith Mcßean returned to Bur- j
lingame on Monday last after a ten days' j
visit to Del Monte.
Mr. and Mrs. Russell J. Wilson have re
turned from a visit to Mr. and Mrs. E.
W. Hopkins at their home in Menlo Park. !
Mr. and Mrs. George H. Lent and Miss
Hooker will return to-morrow from San
Rafael, where they have been spending
the miner,
Mr. and Mrs. Winthrop E. Lester are
now in London. Mrs. Lester has been j
taking a cure at Divonne les Bains on :
Lake Geneva, and is much improved in
health.
Mrs. Richard T. Fprasrue and th» Misses
Sprague left on Wednesday for New York,
where they purpose remaining a month
and then taking steamer for the Mediter
ranean. After spending the winter in
Italy they will join Mr. and Mrs. Richard
H. ague in Paris, to remain through j
the exposition.
Mis. Therese Morgan returned to the
Hotel Rafael on Tuesday last from a visit
to the Misses Hopkins at Menlo Park.
Mr. and Mrs. Chauncey K. Winslow re
turned from Del Monte, where they have j
been spending the summer, yesterday:
Mrs. John D. Spreckels and the Misses
Grace ami Lillie Spreckels have returned
from their summer outing.
Miss Alice Owen has returned to the
city from San Rafael, where she has been
spending the summer season.
Mr. and Mrs. W. 11. Crocker have re
turned from Del Monte.
Miss Hager has been the guest of Miss
Daisy Van Ness duringthe past week,
and "is now at the Hotel Rafael, where !
she will be joined on Monday, September
11. by Miss Ethel Hager, who has been
spending the summer at Del Monte. •
Mrs Paul Jarboe and Mrs. Belvin have I
left Del Monte and are now at Santa
Cruz.
Dr. and Mrs. Beverly MacMonagle spent
a few days in San Jose while returning
from Del Monte.
Miss Minnie Houghton is a guest at the
Hotel Vendome, in San Jose.
Mr. nd Mrs. W. R. Whittier and Mrs.
ond Miss Gertrude Carroll have returned
from Del Monte.
Mr. and Mrs. W. I. Kip. Mrs. Guy L.
Edl< and Miss Mary Kip have returned
from a month's visit at the Hotel Rafael.
Mr and Mrs. W. P. Morgan returned
from the Hotel Rafael on Friday last.
Miss Thcrese Morgan will remain there
for a fortnight longer.
Mrs. James A. Robinson, Miss Elena
Robinson and Miss Maria Antonia La
taillade, who left last Sunday for New
York, will sail for Europe on September
7 for an extended stay.
Mrs. Thomas Breeze, Mrs. Benson and
Miss Breeze have returned to this city !
from Del Monte.
Miss Julia . Peyton, who was the guest !
of Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Crocker at Del
Monte, has returned to her home In Santa
Cruz.
Mrs. C. F. Mullins and Miss Maud Mul
lins have returned from Del Monte.
Mrs. Carter P. Pomeroy returned from
the East to her home in San Rafael last
week.
Lawrence Van Winkle has returned
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SISTER 1 . READ MY FREE OFFER
v^^^^%v Wise Words ie Sufferers
/jf^^^^^^mK From a Woman of glotiVnamo, Ind.
>»^^^f^^^^^ffi!l^Tsllii\ I will mail, free of any ena Tf e « this Home Treat-
m §Wm^^^^^^^^S^^^^^^Clm\\\\\\ ff!ent with full instructions and the history of my own
aHMiIB >B^^^3H^*\ l'''\ case to any lady sufferingr fn>m female trouble. You
Fm\lm\\^}^Lo' f <f^ a > > s raß/// 1 Vi 111 can cure yourself at home without the aid of any
t'W'ilE'&^Si'^?S^> V: 111 physician. It will cost you nothing to jrive the
t'lill WtVftSwl iW&r ~\s AmW///AX ml atment a- trial, and if you decide to continue it
K'lliS'lli'/Ml^l^f JV"' '■ Zf' ss*/'' •.A ll'i ' T ll only c st you about twelve cents a week.
ttf ' / IFSLR?' '?~£[it(xcv *s'%. 11l t w '" not ' nter ere with your work or occupation.
MxWfiili i'^r - Mtsß//^\Virlill I ' ha V c nothing to sell. Tell other sufferers of it—
I*' 1 '''li '■ *.H%-^ KiSI *>i ~i JHB^'v'Ajfll' If iat is aU I as c * •' t cures all, young or old.
\jmm \ U: & -i^r ■Mn\\\\w aw *3" If you feel a bearing-down sensation, sense of
W^' w.yn^' -J?"^£ \ H»jli' -a/ Impending evil, pain in the back or bfiwels, creeping 1
SPPf' 'iar feeliop up the spine, a desire to cry frequently, hot
\^#^%"?p£?li§lle -MMm jF flashes, weariness, frequent desire to urinate, or i! you
\//WWMm.'S=£i^=^? i-^w/if Jr hare Leucorrhea (Whites), Displacement or Falling
W/iJ^^^^^'W '■'■''■flk^r oi the Womb. Profuse, Scanty or Painful Periods,
~ a jjj^ Tumors or Growths, address MRS. M. SUMMERS,
m^J^^** r^ NOTRE DAME, IND., U. S. A., for the Free
Treatment and Full Information.
Thousands besides myself have cured themselves with it. I send it in plain wrappers.
TO MOTHERS OF DAUGHTERS I will explain a simple Home Treatment which speedily and
fffJtuallv^ cures Leucorrhea, Green Sickness and Painful or Irregular Menstruation in younp ladies. ,
ifirill save 1% anxiety and expense and save ■daughter the humiliation of explaining her
troubtes to^otheTs. Plumpness and health always result from Us use.
„.,„..„ voll live I can refer you to well-known ladies of your own state or county who know and
. , i^tMl^nvsuffererthattbis Home Treatment really cures all diseased conditions of our
will gladly tell a "/ a S thoroughly strengthens relaxed muscles and ligaments which cause di*
delicate mafcet wom3l. Write today, as this offer will not be made again. Address
MRS. M. SUnriERS, Box 34, Notre Dame, Ind., U.S.A.
| from a visit to Southern California and is
1 now at Pan Rafael, where he will remain
the balance of this season.
Miss Alice C. Hoffman has returned
1 from a visit to friends In San Rafael.
Mr. and Mrs. George A. Pope and Miss
Carrie Taylor have returned from Del
; M.. : -.te and are now at Burlingame for the
nder of the season.
Milton S. Latham returned last week
i from the Klondike after an absence of
two years. He expects to return there the
i latter part of next month.
Miss' Gertrude Forman has returned
from a visit to Southern California.
Walter 8. Martin and Peter D. Martin
; have returned from Del Monte and are
now at Burlingame.
Miss Throckmorton. who will return
from San Jose next week, will be at the
Hotel l'leasanton this winter.
Mr. and Mrs. Francis J. Carolan have
returned from Del Monte to Burlingame.
They're Engaged.
The engagement is announced of Gus
1 Casner and Miss Jennie B. Morris, daugh-
I ter .o£ Mr. and. Mrs. M. H. Morris.
Wedding Bells.
Mr. ar.d Mrs. U. B. Walkup announce
the marriage of their daughter, Ethel
Walkup, and the Rev. Edward L. Snow
den. The ceremony was celebrated on.
Tii^sday evening, August 29, at the resi
dence of the bride's parents, 119S Stanyan
street.
In the Future.
The Star Dancing Circle will hereafter
meet on Wednesday evenings at Occi
idental Hall, 805 Larkln street.
The first anniversary ball of th« Nord
deutscher Frauen Verein will take place
on Saturday evening, September 9, at
! Saratoga Hall.
The regular monthly entertainment and
i dance given by the Native Sons of Ver
: niont will be held on Friday evening. Sep
tember B, at Odd Fellows' Hall. The fol
lowing excellent programme has been ar
ranged for the occasion: Overture, I>ella
piane's Orchestra; "The Natives of the
Philippine Islands— What They Have Buf
j fered From the Spaniards" (stereopticon
i views), Hon. John W. Taylor; barytone
solo. ''For All Eternity" (Mascheroni),
William S. Brown of St. Albans, Vt.;
, specialties. Miss Ruby Dawson; vocal
' duet, selected. Miss Gussie E. Dawson and
H. Bradley Smith: song, "The Flower
Girl" (Bevlgnani), Miss Daisy Alice Bish
! op. in costume; the King of Jugglers,
George W. L«e of Chicago.
The first rehearsal of the second E
' of the Ladii s' Musical Club of San Fran
cisco will take place Monday afternoon,
' September 4. at :i o'clock, at Druids' Hall,
\ 413 Suffer street. Solos will be rendered
by Mrs. Carrie Brown Dexter and Miss
; Marian Cumming. Director, D. P.
; Hughes.
Horr>e Gatherings.
Rev. Father McKinnon, chaplain of the
First Cnlifornia Volunteers, was a guest
of Thomas Doolan for dinner at his resi
dence, 1424 Mission street, !.ts* Sunday.
A most enjoyable affair was given re
cently by Mr. and Mrs. A. Schwartz. 916
OFarrell street, in honor of the first
birthday anniversary of their son Sylvian.
The tables and rooms were beautifully
decorated in the national colors in honor
of our returned soldiers. After a sump
tuous repast the little ones enjoyed them
selves with games, music and recitations.
Those present were: Misses Roselle and
Bprnlce Schwartz, Mabel and Ethel Ros
enthal, Ce.lia Jacobs, Dollie and Florence
Samuels, Ilortense and Beatrice Gyle,
Ruby Friedberg, Dollie Nilzinsky, Messrs.
Sylv'ian Schwartz, Abe and Louis Jacobs,
Albert Springer, Sol Rosenthal. Milton
and Herbert ?"riedberg, Harold Samuels,
Henry Henriolie, Harold and Gabe Abra
hams.
A most delightful aftfrnoon was spent
at the Hebrew Honie for Aged Disabled,
bombard street, last Sunday, the
-on being the presentation of a
piano to the home. Dr. Nieto made the
presentation speech, and the ladies who
undertook the ta-=k arranged a very >x
ceileiit programme and luncheon which
was very much enjoyed by the r,i<i people.
The following programme waa rendered:
Musical selections, Misses Julia. Hazel
Bi lla Leszynsky; vocal solo, Cantor
Stark; pr< i n speech. Dr. Nieto:
violin solo. Mr. Rosenberg, accomi
by Mrs. Dr. Rosenstirn; coon selections,
Markie Leszynsky; piano and violin duet,
Babette Cline and Miss Julia Leszynsky;
recitation. Miss Mish; dance. Miss Koch
mau; piano solo. Miss Adele Morgenstern;
recitation, Miss Stella Rosetta,
A most enjoyable reception was ten
dered Andrew Wistrand Jr. at the home
of his parents, ISftS Folsom street, on Fri
day evening, August 26, in celebration of
his homecoming from the Philippine
Islands, where he served with the
First California Regiment. Over a hun
dred of his friends were present, including
some of his comrades. The house was
fully decorated In national colors. A
quartet of young ladies sang, two or three
poems were recited and several short ad
dresses made, suitable to the occasion.
The guests then sat down to a light re
past. Singing, dancing and games occu
pied the, rest of the evening.
A reception was tend* red Miss 1 Bertha
Arnsberg at her residence, 910 Greenwich
street, by the Monarch Social Club on
Sunday evening, August -7. Several mv-
BicaJ solos were played by an orchestra
formed of her many friends. There were
also many songs rendered by professional
singers and recitations by able speakers.
The parlors were elaborately decorated
with flags and flowers. The acting chair
man of the evening was Shyer .Seli^man.
one of the foremost and active members
in the organization. He was ably assisted
by Max Keinhart. The reception commit
tee was ns follows: Max Rclnhart, M.
Alexander and I. Arnsberg.
Club Parties.
The social meeting of the Pacific Coast
Women's Press Association was held at
Golden Gate Hall on Monday. August 28,
at 2:SO p. m., before a large and apprecia
tive audi"nee. An excellent programme
was given. The ninth annual convention
of the above association will take place
at Qoldeq. Gate Hall on Tuesday and
Wednesday, September 5 and 6. Th"
morning session will be for members
only, as the tim<> will be devoted to the
transaction of business. To the after
noon sessions all friends are invited, and
choice programmes will be rendered. On
day evening at 8 p. m. a reception
will begiven in honor of Mrs. Rose Hart
wicic Thorpe, author of "Curfew Must
Not Ring To-Nlgnt."
The ninth annual convention of the Pa
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1399.
■
cine Coast Women's Press Association in
to be held in Golden Gate Hall on Sep
tember 5 and 6. The morning sessions are
to be devoted to business ana will be cpen
only to members, but excellent pro
grammes have been prepared for the aft
ernoon meeting's, to which friends of the
association are invited. •
Each annual meeting of this ■well known
organization is marked by some special
feature, and this year an invitational re
ception given on Tuesday evening
to Rose Hartwick Thorpe, author of
"Curfew Must Not Ring To-Night," and
a long-time member of the club, Is to be
the crowning event of the occasion.
Mayor. Phelan. Joaquin Miller, D. M.
Lawrence, E. Carson Thorp* 1 . Miss Ina
D. Coolbrith, Mrs. Madge Morris Wag
ner. Mrs. Ella M. Sexton, Mrs. M. O.
Br?therick, Mme. Guido Spitzy, Mrs.
Emma S. Marshall. Miss Mary E. Hart
ard a number of other Indies and gentle
men will at this gathering assist in pre
senting a programme of exceptional inter
est, during which the guest of honor will
herself recite her celebrated poem.
Outing Parties.
An enjoyable outing was held at Lark
spur on Sunday, August 13. Those who
attended were:
B. Collum, Bertha Oettl, John Kamna,
Agnes Sullivan, Walter May, Maud Mc-
Nama. Aggie Johnson, Charles Healy,
George White. Arthur White, L. Richard
son, Hannah White, Walter Jakobs, W.
Smith, M. Rogers. Jam*? ..lurphy. M. Gu
haw, Charles Dolan, R. St. John, P. St.
John and May McNama.
On August 20 the second outing of the
season given by Paul Plunkett and Paul
P. DeLos took place at Fairfax and was
well attended. After the return to the
city a banquet was served.
Among those present were: Miss L.
Morsehead, Miss E. Halloran, Miss F.
Morgan, Miss M. Kearney, Miss E. C.
Muiville, Miss L. Buck. Miss L. E. Hew
lett Miss B. M. Arthur. M'ss M. MulvUle.
Miss M. G. Doggett. Miss L. Lundblade,
Miss D. M. Plunkett, Mr. and Mrs. A.
McKay, Mrs. L. Seamonds, Miss K. Hock
ing W. F. Plunkett, S. P. Rotowsky,
Charles Jenkins, S. Rosenley, Jack D.
Brum. Harry Dawe, J. B. Pouleur, L. H.
Busman, C. A. Hall, Albert Wiener, H.
F. Came. C. Depew, L. A. Van Adder, J.
C. Mearns.
Persorjals
Dr. and Mrs. A. O. Haslehurst will re
turn to San Francisco this month after
a year spent in traveling through the
Eastern States. The doctor will resume
■ Immediately upon his return.
Mist M. Geishaker of tins city, who has
been for the past six weeks the guest of
Mr. and Mrs. Harry B. Dunn of Port
land, Or., will return on September 1.
Miss Golda Schoenfeld of Red Bluff is
visiting with her grandparents, Mr. and
Mrs N. Meyer of 2ti6 Golden Gate avenue.
' Mr. and Mrs. \Y. H. Wiester and Aber
Wiester will remain in San Rafael until
October 1. Miss Stowe, who has been
their guest for some time, returns to her
home in the East early in September.
YEARS.
f\ 0-ESSEI\ pOI^ 70
the Ai'^vaT of the Sherman won Money fok m^s. Day
- and the Boys In Be
rHE CALL'S guessing con-
I test as to the precise time
of the sighting of the trans-
port Sherman which brought home
our California boys has made at
least one person extremely happy,
and that is Mrs. Mary L: Day of
San Lorenzo, Cal. Among the tens
of thousands zvho tried to' win the
prize only one, of course, could be
successful, and it is a peculiar fact
that a coupon containing a guess
pure and simple should have proved
the victor over the many which
were the result of closest figuring
and 'the shrewdest of nautical cal-
dilations.
A woman who has made no
specialty of mathematics and knows
far less of the speed or hindrance
possibilities of ocean steamers yen-
tured a single blind guess and thus
earned fifty good dollars for her
fortunate self and fifty more for
the soldiers whom she loves, but
could not otherwise help in a money
• •
Mr. and Mrs. Denis O'Sullivan have
postponed their departure for Paris until
September 8.
Mrs. I. Conn of 1423 Golden Gate avenue
will be at home Sunday. September 3,
from 2 to 5 o'clock, and will be pleased to
receive her friends.
The following passengers sailed Thurs
day, August 24, on the Hamburg-American
Line express steamer Fuerst Bismarck
for Europe: Dr. yon Foerster. Lieutenant
Kehrl, Mrs. August Vollmer and Masters
Leo and Erne Yollmer, Mrs. Boge and
Misses Alma and Annie Boge, Mrs. C. H.
Frederfcksen and Miss Asta Frederick
sen, Paul Wammich, Hugo Steinbeck,
Henry Madson, Mr. and Mrs. J. Niemaun,
Mr. and Mrs. C. Bolte.
Miss Edna Griffiths, niece of Police Ser
geant G. B. Griffiths, leaves in the near
future for an extended European trip,
taking in the Paris Exposition. On her
return the lady will visit the Eastern
points of Interest.
Mrs. Louis Rothenberg wili be at home
to her friends on Wednesday, September
6, from 2 till 5, at her home, HI Filbert
street, Oakland.
Miss Mamie V. Cullum resigned as ac
companist for the California Leipsic Har
mony Society. The members of the soci
ety testiiied to the high esteem in which
Miss Cullum is held by presenting her
with a concert harp and a beautiful gold
harp chair.
Miss M. B. Simon of Walla Walla,
Wash., who has been visiting her sister,
Mrs. E. Silverstone, leaves for her home
next wet k. She will be pleased to see her
friends Thursday afternoon, September 7,
at 1609 Laguna street.
Mrs. Thompson, wife of Lieutenant
Perch Thompson of the Rush, and Mrs.
Foley and son, wife of Lieutenant Foley
of the reserve service, are spending the
summer at Hotel Lenox.
Mrs. Springer Is stopping at the Hotel
Lenox, awaiting the arrival of Major
Springer of the Tdaho regiment.
Mrs. Allbright. wife of Captain All
bright, who Bailed on the City of Sydney,
and Mrs. Ainsbury, wife of Captain Ains
bury of Los Angeles, are still at the Ho
tel L< ;i.ix.
Mrs. Eleanor Martin, having returned
from a most enjoyable visit of several
Weeks In Los Aneeles and with her son
Andrew at Montecito in Santa Barbara
County, visited the Hotel del Monte with
her sons, Peter and Walter Martin, and
will spend September with them at the
Jarboe cottage in San Mateo.
Mrs. Max Levy will be pleased to see
her friends on the second Tuesday of each
month at «22 Steiner street.
William H. Keith, the barytone, after
passing- the summer in California, leaves
on Sunday for Paris, accompanied by his
mother, Mrs. w. H. Keith.
Caspar Cohn of "09 Octavla street leaves
shortly for Germany, to be abseat one
year 'During his star abroad Mr. Conn
will visit the principal European cities.
Mrs. cohn will join him in Paris during
tin- • xposltion.
Mr and Mrs. Otto Bendix have returned
from a two months' excursion to Alaska
and the north and are at their residence,
1416 California street.
Dr Howard M. Block left Saturday for
a prolonged trip East and to Europe.
Miss Battles and Miss Lehnert have re
turn- d from Xe\v York.
Mrs. Dr. B. Meyers, from Williams, is
■
MR MARY L DAY •
Wjnner of' The <£„ pHze-Gue^ing
Cootcst.
; —■ —
way to welcome.
No one who reads the accom
visiting her sister, Mrs. M. Seidner of 243
Ivy avenue.
Los Angeles.
W. G. Nevin, general manager of the
Santa Fe lines west of Albuquerque, and
family have gone on a fishing trip to the
McCloud River. They will be joined by
A. D. Shepherd, general freight agent of
the Southern Pacific at San Francisco.
The Misses Nina, Mac and Bertha Fal
lin, Margaret and Ida Mead and
Grace, Edythe and Helen Stuart, who
have been spending the summer at"Old
Maids' Retreat," Redondo, under tho
ehaperonage of Mrs. Charles H. Mead,
have returned to Los Angeles.
Miss Cleme GrifHn is visiting the Misses
Louisa and Sherin Sorabjee at their home,
Bombay Place, in Pasadena.
Miss Marguerite Babb has returned to
Los Angeles after a sojourn of several
weeks with her friend. Miss Ethel Youn
ger, at Santa Monica.
Mrs. Chester Talhot and daugher Gladys
and Miss Mabel Manners have returned
to their home in Jerome, Ariz., after a
short visit to the Drs. Ellis and other
friends.
One of the largest and most brilliant
gatherings of the summer season was the
cotillon party' which took place in the
ballroom- of the Redondo Hotel last' Sa
turday. About thirty couples participated
in the cotillon which was led by
"W. R. Nor ris and Mesdamos John : P.
Francis. Campbell, Johnson, G. F. Gray,
Bowers, Noddin and Barnwell presided
at the favor tables. . • .
Judge D. P. Hatch has gone to British
Columbia to look after mining interests.
He expects to be gone about -three weeks.
Judge C. N. Sterry and family of Wil
shire boulevard have returned from Colo
rado.
Mrs. I. N. Van Nuys and daughter. Miss
Annis, have gone to Massachusetts, where
the latter will attend Wellesley College.
Philip Barton Voorhees of Illinois" and
wife have taken the Willard Stimson resi
dence on South Figueroa street. Mr. Voor
hees expects to remain here permanently,
and will practice law.
Mrs. Norman A. McDonald is In San
"Francisco visiting friends and also to
welcome her son, who is one of the Bat
tery D boys.
Judge J. Noonan Phillips, accompanied
by his wife, is sojourning In Santa Bar
bara,
The Catholics of Los Angeles held a
picnic at Terminal Island on "Wednesday.
Games, dancing and athletic sports
formed the principal features of amuse
ment. About 8600 persons attended the
picnic, which was a very successful af
fair. « •
Miss Aroline Ellis has returned from the
mountains greatly improved in health.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Wiggins are at
their cottage in Catalina for a short stay.
Steven V. Childs has returned from
Coronado, where during his stay he was
one of the most enthusiastic entertainers
among society people.
Mr. and Mrs. Ezra T. Stlmson gave a
pink dinner on Monday last in honor of
•Mr. and Mrs. Robert Clark of Illinois, who
are guests of Mrs. Clark's parents, Mr.
and Mrs. Benjamin Goodrich. The table
was artistically decorated with La
France roses, ferns, ribbons and chiffon
°\^/^l^i.
panying letter can fail to feel like
congratulating the persevering lady
7t^ l 0 ias Ct>l gucss *ng for over
three score years and ten and
gained-thereby at last a most sub
stantial and well-deserved reward:
SAN LORENZ0 > Au S-
Mr. Martin, Business Manager
Call: Your letter announcing my
£ 00^ luck arrived to-day, and with]
this acknowledgement and thanks I
forward you my photograph, taken
s °me yea ' '''/'"• 'lam a M<*'inc
Yankee and have been guessing on
everything for over seventy years,
llt this is the first time my natural
proclivity ever brought any fiuan
cia^ return, although many times
correct. Am very glad I was able
to add to the fund for the welcome
°f ** soldiers, as from my own
Packet I was unable to spare a dol
lar- ' Lightning struck this tune
where it will do lots of good,
MRS. MARY L. DAY, ...
San Lorenzo, Cal.
... _ _■_ _'■_'}'■ ADVERTISEMENTS. \
%
• - • ;. t
I EXCELLENT 1
LVALUES.
/. j ' __^ - ___ 'i
Ladies' Jackets— Ladies' Kersey Cloth Jackets, fly fronts, ••
faced with silk, in black, navy and tan, splendid value at $5.00 "\
each. •;
i
Ladies* Suits and Dress Skirts — Ladies' j
Tailor-made Suits, in black and navy serge, fly or double-breasted I)
jackets, lined with silk, skirts well lined and made, at $12.50 each. A
Ladies' All-wool Serge Dress Skirts, in black and navy, lined with 4
percaline and bound with velvet, excellent value at 53.00 each. A
i
Colored Dress Goods— Mohair Crepons, the latest 4
! novelty, 44 inches wide, Si. 25 a yard. \
Two-toned Venetians, a fashionable tailor suiting, warranted
shrunk, 56 inches wide, $1.00 a yard. 3
. Zibeline plaids, the popular craze, 50c a yard. Ij
'}
Black Dress Goods— French Crspon, 44 inches wide, i
. in a variety of designs, extra good value at 75c a yard.
! Mohair Crepons in extra fine quality In the latest designs, excep- I
■< tional value at 52.00 a yard. " ♦]
4- : ' U i
•INevnur "Whip" Cord Black Taffeta— The very 1
.^ latest novelty in various designs, splendid value, epe and $1.00 a 3
:••.■■■'■ yard. ; '/; ■-'. ' -j
»
All-silk Black Taffeta, lustrous, soft finish, excellent value, 55c a •
yard. *
* 24-inch Black Satin Duchesse, all silk, extra heavy weight, wear I
guaranteed,' 81.25 a yard ; this is one of our " leaders." •;
«
Ladies* Muslin Gowns— Yoke of lace and embroi- *
dery, neck and sleeves trimmed to match, 75c. I
Dress Linings — 20 pieces 36-inch, fine quality, fancy stripe, •;
black ground percaline skirt lining, good value for 15c, special at *
ioc per yard. *
Bleached Table Linen— 64 inches wide, all linen, !j
strong and serviceable, special value at 50c a yard. ►;
■ ■■:• . . \ ' i
/ lJfi_M Murphy Building', / .
Cor. Market, Jones and McAllister Sts. :j
1 and the lights were shaded in pink. After
the dinner the guests were entertained
with a box party at the Orpheum. Those
present besides the guests of honor and j
the host and hostess were: Mr. and Mrs.
H. G. Bundrem, Misses Sara Goodrich,
Lila and Helen Fairchild, and Messrs.
Charles, Fred and Horace Henderson.
Mrs. O. P. Posey entertained at
"hearts" at her home In West Adams
street on Thursday last. The guests were:
Rev. and Mrs. B. W.-R Taylor. Mr. and
Mrs. William Bailey, fifesdames M. C. Bur
nette. Adam Darlinp. P. Houshton. Cas«
ler and Mrs. and Miss Thompson of To
pekzi. Kan.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Wolfskin. Miss Wolf
skill and Dr. Choate were the guests at
a dinner given by Mr. and Mrs. Edward j
Magauran in honor of Mr. and Mrs. Jami
son of Indianapolis on Friday last The
table was artistically decorated with j
American Beauty roses and ferns.
Miss Martha Sylva of Wilmington, who
haa t*-'i visiting Miss Lupe Gelcich of
South Olive street, was the winner of the |
gruntl gold medal at the W. C. T. V. Dem
oresi contest, which was held at Santa
Monica last Monday evening. This is the
third medal with which Miss Bylva has
been presented, and she expects to com
pete for the diamond medal in the near
future.
A very pretty wedding took place on
Tuesday evening at the Epiphany Chapel. >
When Miss Edith Jamison, daughter of j
Mrs. Addison Jamison, was married to |
John G. Ijowc of Pasadena. The cere
mony was performed by Rev. A. G. True ;
in the presence of the relatives of the :
bride and groom. Miss Grace Longley
acted as maH of honor and Jack Muir, a ;
cousin of the bride, was best man. J. A.
Muir the bride's unfle. gave her away.
Mr and Mrs. t,nwe have gone to North- |
j em California, where they will remain ;
! a month, after which they will reside in
I Pasadena.
At the Resorts.
DUNCAN SPRINGS— Recent arrivals at I
I Duncan Springs, Mendocino County, are:
Mrs. Brookes and daughter. Mrs. Charles
j Rhodes, William Fogarty, W, J. Elleford,
M. Redmond, James' F. Brown, James |
i Keiley. Miss C. J. Northon, Philip G. Gal- I
i pin and family. Mr. and Mrs. George Hew- I
i !ett. Fred Hewlett, Mr. Olsen, Miss Carrie I
i Clayburgh, San Francisco. Mrs. H. Zadig,
iA. J. Zadig, Alameda. Mfs. M. A. Ren
'■ nic, Mrs. F. J. Ronnie and daughter, Mls3
i Edith H. Rennie, B. McGinnls and wife,
i J. F. Kinslow, W. W. Gauldin, Oakland.
• ,1. McClish and wife, Mrs. Gladden and j
; family. Healcisburg. Mrs. W. York and
daughter, Mayme Mankins, Mrs. Emma
' Donohoe and daughter, E. Bluraquest,
1 TTklah. William 11. Webster of Glen i
Blair. George W. Buck. Miss L. M. Fitz
patrick. Redwood City. Charles J. Hatch
and wife, Miss Sophie Hatch, San Mateo.
BYRON HOT SPRINGS— The following
i guests registered at Byron Hot Springs during
! the past week: R. J. Hanley, George Johnson,
' .1. W. Wood. A. 'Whorl!. .Tame* Macky, L.
Belanger. C. B. Waltrldge, Martin Becker,
Phillip Canney, J. J. Lane. S. Caro, Charles
.Tudjie, Miss ({elite V. Wood, Martin Raschen,
D. Rubke, A. Beaulieu, L. A. Nunes, C. B. i
i Sylvester, George Ormsby, J. T. McQueeney, |
Em II HlrFch, San Vranei.->eo; George W. Mm- i
Kor, 3. P. Ford, Merced; George Ranseur, |
Fresno: A. A. Mays, Crows Landtnu; T. C.
Raßsdale, Stent; Theo. Bucher, Fruit vale; s.
B. Rathburn, I^athrop; Joseph Boardman and
• wife, Thomas Holman, Oakland: C. C. Heine,
! T. Holman, San Francisco: A. miller, Sac
ramento: H. F. Tinker, Los Angeles: Charles
Brant, E. B. Waltrldge. Pinole; R. Clark. !
Pleasanton; H. A. Fairbank, Grass Valley; J.
-J. Trumbello, CoultervHle; G. Parcella, Angels
Camp; A. Goodwin, Bakersfleld.
PARAISO SPRlNGS— Following are the ar-
I rivals at Paraiso Springs for the past week:
S. Sander, Miss Anna Holmberg, A. M. Speck,
Dr.' J. W. Keeney, John W. Dawks, Mr. and
Mrs. "William ■■ Cluff, .■ Mr. ■ and ' Mrs. E. C.
Hughes, James Owens, J. M. Schmidt, Mr. and
Mrs. O. S. Springer,' C. T. Romie, R. A. Doak,
Thomas Parker, James Henry; San Francisco;
N. A. Horn, Salinas; J. M. Harney. Monterey;
Mr. and Mrs. A. P. Johnson. Sonora: J. M.
Bright, B. M. Brooks, Fresno; Mrs. E. Hlll
binger, Berkeley: Mrs. William Edmondson,
Lovelock, New : J. D. Murphy, Watsonvllle;
E. A. C. Long, Watsonville; Miss Mary
Schmlth.
HOTEL BELVEDERE— Among those regis
tered here are: Dr. and Mrs. William T.
Dohrmann, Mrs. Robert Sherwood, Edwin C.
Cahill, E. P. Farnsworth, B. J. S. Cahill. Miss
Clarlsse Weaver. William Doxey. Edward B.
Doxey, R. A. Holcombe, Dr. G. H. Thompson,
H. C. Rodeers, S. R. Van Wyck, Mrs. M. A.
Forbes. Miss Forbes. William Clayton and
wife, San Francisco; Miss Crosby, Miss Josephs
Neilson Crosby, Miss Foster. Harmon Crosby. |
San Rafael: Mr. and Mrs. E. F. Brown. Miss
Brown, A. N. Bayley. Mrs. George B. Bayley, i
Oakland: Mr. and Mrs. Robert P. Hill. El
dridge; I. H. Manners, England; D. A. Jones, j
Sonora. . .
Dear Madam; "Petramoid" says come:
You're welcome. Chronicle building. No. 61.
A MILLION-DOLLAR BEDROOM.
Gorgeous Sleeping Apartment of Lud
wig 11, the Mad King of Bavaria.
"Half way between Munich and Salz
burg is the third castle— Herrenchiemsee—
built by Ludwig II," writes Professor J.
H. Gore in the Ladies' Home Journal.
"This groat structure is incomplete, for
tunately for already overtaxed Bavaria,
for no one could surmise what its cost
would have been. One room alone— the re
nowned !>ed chamber— could not be dupli
cated for less than a million dollars. The
vaulted ceiling is one great allegorical
painting, the rounded cornice is covered
with a score of richly framed mural paint
ings, the walls ar. panels of hammer, rl
gold of intricate designs, and even the
floor is of a marvelous pattern. The only
suggestion of the purpose of this wonder
ful room is the $6o.i>;.ii in <l. with its canopy
more magnificent than any that covt rs ii
regal throne. In t>ie gorgeous dining
room he had erected a disappearing I
which dropped through the floor when :i
course was finished, and in its place came
up another, set ami served. He desired
this so that the servants would be un
necessary in the room and the most secret
state matters could be discussed in safety.
Many people sought in vain to see the
famous room at Herrenchiemsee. Once
an actress pleased Ludwig ho much by
her recitation that she thought it a:i op
portune moment to request permission to
s r e his *most poetic bed chamber.' She
was coolly dismissed for her effrontery,
and the servants were ordered to fumi
gate the room in which she had been re
ceived."
"I tell you, it's no use to hang your
head if you. fire guilty."
"No, that is what the Sheriff is paid
for."
Teacher— What class of people are dif
ficult to convince against their will?
Johnny Henpeck— Men and women.
»♦ ■ •
Madar.ie Neergaard, pupil of St. Gerualn.
scientific palmist; reading, by mail, $1; of flea
hours 1 to 8 p. m. 616 Geary St., above Jones;
classes.
TWO POINTED FACTS
Are always observable on a critical ex-
amination of our laundry work, and
I that is that the color is perfect and the
| finish beautiful on all linen done up
1 here, Shirts, collars • and cuffs are
laundered here in a manner that gives
all the beauty and freshness of the
new article.
United States Laundry. Offlca
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 420.
Oakland Office. 514 Eleventh St.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
mwwwaai Is removed by DR. and MRS.
SKMIEkiIsSS A - W. TRAVERSE, Donohoe
BSFSiSjB'wH building, 1170 Market St.. cor.
li^rtlT/i^il Taylor, rooms 2S-29, with the
ffli-^=3a -ja electric needle, without pain or
BfeSt^W "**A scar - Moles, waits, wrinkles,
H» -jJB blackheads, freckels, birth-
f~J& .--TTW ■ marks, etc., also removed. Per-
"i? J riit *'* I nianency guaranteed. Hours, 1
•""■"■■HSSHBS to 4 p. m.
LOIE FULLER
Uses the best skin food and tissue bulldtr.
BRAHMAN TOILET CREAM.ADVERTISEMENTS.
(PEN ME
CLOAK SUIT HOUSE
1230-1232-1234 Market St.
Arrival of New Fall
and Winter Styles. :
Tailor-Made Suits.
Elegant and exclusive styles.
Prices $15 to $60, ;
Jackets. !
The very latest extra quality
cloth, superior workmanship.
Prices $5 to $35.
io!f Capes, j
Large and beautiful variety \
to select from.
PricesJ3.9s to $20,
tress Skirts, |
Tailor made, the latest
styles, new silk, new plaid, j
new crepon.
Prices $4.50 to $35.
Slk Moreen Pefiicoats.
r at $3,50. $4, $4,50.
Vool Waists.
$1,50, $1,75. $2, $2,50.
. special!
3 0 Imitation Stone Marten
Scarfs . . . $1.25, worth $2
1
RECEPTION TO
OFFICERS AND
MEN OF "GEIER"
Honored Guests of the
Krieger Verein.
CANCE FOLLOWED BYBANQUET
S7EECHES FULL OF SENTIMENT
AND KIND WORDS.
Entracht Hall Crowded With Jolly
Tors and Light-Hearted Germans.
An Excellent Programme
Rendered.
.- reception was tendered the officers
anl crew of the German cruiser Geier last
nifht by the Deutscher Kfieger Vercln.
A brilliant assemble) was present and
th< evening's pleasures passed off without
a Htch to mar the programme. The offi
ceis 01 the ship were conveyed to the
ha! in carriages and the men in special
r -,, On the arrival of the guests they
v\ ( -e met by the shooting section of the
veiein and escorted into the hall. The
appearance of. the Pallors was the signal
for loud and continued cheering.
As the colors were presented every hat
waS doffed and as the sweet strains of the
n-ition.il anthem filled the hall the cheer
ing was continued. At the conclusion of
the melody A. Redecker, president of the
vereih stepped forward and. after saluting
the officers and men welcomed them in
the name of the society. He concluded
his remarks by calling for three cheers
for the German Emperor and the navy
and they were ftlven with a will.
The sin"ing section of the Ycrein and
of the Germanla Club then rendered t»e
swe"t ode: "I Greet Thee." The with
drawsii'oJ the colors followed and as the
hVarers of the national and society em
bleros marched out of the ball, the band
nlaved the national hymn. The men then
broke ranks and mingled with the mem
bers and their friends. Stereoptlcon views
th _ snowed and as the pictures of
President McKinley. Emperor William,
jilsn ir k and other distinguished men
w r" thrown on the white canvas the en
t'luiiism broke out anew. Views of the
Fith-rl^nd followed In quick succession
•jihS vhen the supply was exhausted the
|"cc singers rendered another ballad and
AYmfdnff" 3M guests and members sat
down to a collation. Toastmaster Dr.
Magnus called on Consul General A.
RoTenthaU Vice Council O. Lohan Cap
tain' Jncobson of the Geier and others to
r^sno "] to toasts. After the supper danc
ing was resumed until an early hour.
Yon dor Mehden's band furnished excel
lent music for the occasion. C. Rdfe and
C. Paul acted as floor managers, and the
■
NOVEL INDUSTRIAL EXPOSITION
OPENS AT MECHANICS' PAVILION
THE thirty-first industrial exposi- 1
tion of the Mechanics' Institute j
opened last night under conditions '
that promise to make it even more j
successful than any of its prede- |
1 cessors. The Mechanics' Pavilion was
crowded and made its prettiest appear- ,
;im-f. The Inaugural exercises were brief, i
I'-ennett's band played an overture, Presi- I
dent Denicke of the institute welcomed !
1 the crowd present, Mayor Phelan made a ■
short address in which he said pome nice :
i things about the arts of peace of which :
his surroundings reminded him; a lady j
. cornetist tongued a rattling medley, the |
Knickerbocker yuartet sang and the '
band played on.
In spito of the fact that some of the
| exhibitors were a little tardy in getting
i their displays together, by reason, It was
j explained, of the events crowding on the
return of the California volunteers, the '
i exhibits were many and highly creditable j
i nnd not a few of them were decidedly j
novel. The management promises to have
everything in place for the crowds ex- |
peeled Monday afternoon and evening.
P< ople long familiar with the Interior of j
the Pavilion would have been puzzled j
lnst night to recognize It. Under the
hands of the decorators it had undergone
a wonderful transformation. Everything !
beautiful and bright and gay. Ar
tistic draperies covered walls and posts
nnd rafters, magnificent canopies of lan
following gentlemen were on the commit
tee of arrangements: U. Frante, M
Lengefeldt, G. Braun, U. Kederer, J
Welz C. Maritzen, H. Tietjen and T
flilplch.
■ ♦ »
ATTORNEY TAKES AN
OVERDOSE OF CHLORAL
D. C. McDougall, an attorney -whose I
• nee Is said to be in Santa Rosa, is
l#ing at the Receiving Hospital in a pre
carious condition, due to an overdose of
chloral. McDougall came to this city last
week to witness the home-coming of the
imia volunteers and to celebrate the
memorable occasion. The effects of his
good time began to assert Itself yesterday
and to relieve his pain he went to a drug-
Btore, corner of Market street and Van
Ness avenue, and purchased a bottle of
chloral.
IN- was found in an unconscious condi
tion last night by his landlady and she
hurriedly called in an officer, who had u.e
sick man conveyed to the hospital. The
doctors worked over him for nearly an
hour ;ind managed to bring their patient
in consciousness long enough for him to
give his name. The doctors in attendance
nave faint hone of his recovery.
Opening of Youths' Directory.
The new Youths' Directory, corner of
Nineteenth and Guerrero streets, will be
formally opened to the public to-day. The
ladies in charge of the directory bazaar
which will be held shortly for the benefit
of the institution have arranged a grand
reception and promenade concert. An ex
cellent musical programme has been ar
ranged. It Includes the appearance of
Denis O'Sullivan, the sweet singer of
Irish ballads. The doors will be thrown
open at 2 o'clock, and those who cannot
attend the evening exercises will be
shown through the new home. Very Rev.
J. J. Prendergast will deliver an address,
and a fine programme will be rendered.
■ ♦ ■
Park Music for Sunday
Overture, "The Agonies of Tantah:s"...Suppe
"Scenes Plttorescjue" Massenet
1. Marrhe. i 3. "Angelus."
2. "Air dc Ballet." I 4. "Fete Boheme."
Morceau, "True to Tour Own" KU.'nberg
Favorite scene from "Mnritana" Wallace
Overture, "Italians In Algiers" Rossini
Fantasia from "Dlnorah"' Meyerbeer
With clarionet solo by C. Caspar!.
"Waltz, "Jolly Girls" Volstedt
Concert mazourka. "The Spring" Delibes
March, "Margery" .»..
■ ♦ ■
Address by Rev. J. L. Garver.
The mass-meeting- at the Association i
Auditorium, Mason and Ellis streets, at 3
o'clock, will be the third in the series of
special addresses to men only by Rev. L..
J Carver. His subject to-day is "Jean
VaUean or a Character Study in Con
science " The attendance at each service
is In. reasing, and Mr. Garver holds the
undivided attention of his audience.
Young men In general are Invited.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Ml.'slon.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBEK 3. 1899.
terns shed their many-colored refulgence
over the scene and untold incandeseents
brilliantly liprht^d the remotest corner of
the vast structure. Into this splendid
setting the exhibitors had placed their
best products, and the result was highly
praiseworthy.
As in all expositions, so in this. th°r°
are pome things that are not new, but
they are few. The tish display, for in-
Btahce under the south gallery, which.
dt spite the fact that sameness can be al
leged against it, is one of the attractions
tliat appeals to everybody. Then there
is the carriage display, which, as a rule.
Is only interesting to the rich "who ride
in chaises." Last night, however. It was
different, a spanking new automobile lend
ing a novelty to the display that marked
it as being iip to date.
Great towers of baking powder and
coffee, pyramids of jelly, pavilions of per
fumery " tea houses, candy kiosks and
natty "looking restaurants took up the re
mainder of the usual display— all, how
ever being more or less unusually taste
ful and fetching. An exposition with only
these would be attractive, but the one
offered this year by the trustees of the
institute is far beyond such a necessity.
TRAVELERS' DAY
AT THE STATE FAIR
BIG PREPARATIONS UNDER
WAY FOR THE EVENT.
Commercial Men at the Capital Unan
imously Agree to Close Their
Places of Business for tho
Occasion.
"Commercial Travelers' day" at th»
State Fair on September 8 promises to be
one of the memorable events of the year
at the capital. - At a meeting oX the
Wholesale Merchants' and Manufacturers'
Association last month it was decided that
every member of the organization should
close his place of business in honor of the
day set apart for the commercial travel
ers. The action of these two leading mu
nicipal bodies has resulted in bajiks, gro
cery stores, and in fact business houses of
every kind and description following their
example.
Five thousand invitations have been Is
sued by the Sacramento Council of the
United Commercial Travelers' Associa
tion and from the reports received by the
members of that organization commercial
and business nvn throughout the State
will Journey to Sacramento to participate
in the festivities.
Fred L. Martin. 11. A. Bell, John F. Ol
sen, B. Richardson and Ed Lynn of the
committee of arrangements v.-pre In the
city last night and attended the meeting
of Golden Gate Council of the United
Commercial Travelers' Association. A cor
dial invitation was extended to the mini
bers of that society, and through it to all
traveling men, whether affiliated or not,
to visit Sacramento on the Bth of Septem
ber and swell the attendance. A large
number of neatly printed invitations, ad
dressed to the wives and daughters of the
members, were left with the members for
distribution.
The committees having the day In
charge are leaving no stone unturned to
make it a memorable one in the annals
of the State Fair. Th«» folfowing pro
gramme has been carefully arranged f.ir
the day, and its varied character will un
doubtedly give pleasure to everybody. It
Is as follows:
10 a. m. — Baseball at Agricultural Park;
Sacramento Council vs. San Fran
cisco Council. Come and see
us beat San Francisco.
1 p. m. — All traveling men to meet at hall,
Ninth and J streets, and headed by
the California Exposition band,
under the direction of
Carlos de Nello.
Evening — Grand torchlight parade, all
traveling men marching to the pavil
ion, headed by the famous brass
band, where our guests will ba
treated to the beet. And
we know how.
Special Music.
Speaking by Our Prominent Guests.
More Music.
Balloting for your favorite traveling man.
It has two novelties, each of which Is a
whole show In itself. The first of these,
as being the most novel, is the Yo-Ki-A
Indian village. The second is the Fi!<
pino troup, a glimpse of which has al
ready been had by the people of San
Fran Cisco.
The Yo-Ki-A village is a small one. It
has at present six inhabitants. Chief oim
and two sub-chiefs, two squaws and a
dusky squawlet of a dozen years or so.
It set ur its single tepee of tules yester
day morning under the north gallery of
the Pavilion, cut it off with a picket
fence, and last night its six inhabitants
were showing the white men and women
how to extract an existence close to the
heart of nature. Around wnat appeared
to be a log fire, but which, owing to the
stringency of the fire ordinances, was
merely a' gas stove masquerading behind
two large logs, the half dozen aborigines
grouped themselves, and set about the
labors that occupy them at their home In
Mendocino County. As a mark of his
dignity in the tribe, of which he is medi
cine nian as well as chief. Chief Jim wore
across his aged shoulders a robe made of
the untanned skin of a spotted doe. He
labored industriously on the shaft of a
bear spear, for which another of the
bucks was making a head of obsidian,
wearing away the flinty rock on a fiat
stone and seeming to enjoy the tedious
process. The third buck was busy mend
ing a fish net.
The elder squaw was busily engaged
pounding acorns in a mortar into the
required fineness for bread. This method,
while it possesses novelty for the ladles
of San Francisco, will never become pop
ular. It is too much like earning one's
bread by the sweat of one's brow. Ine
elder squaw of the Yo-Ki-A tribe will un
doubtedly enjoy a monopoly of this in
dustry while in this city. The other squaw
of the village, who has sat as a mod^l
more than once for a picture from the
brush of Grace Hudson, put in the even-
Ing making baskets. She had as an un
derstudy the little Indian maiden.
Crowds surrounded the paling that In
closed the village, unaware that a gas
stove lurked in the midst of this scene
of savagery as they listened to the tale
of Trustee Healy of the institute, who
had camped four years on the trail of
this Indian village befor« he finally
booked it for the Institute.
The Filipinos were a little backward
last night with their village, although
Open to all, so make your choice.
Modest Man.
(And you all know him.) Prize, choice
of any hat In Fred Trout's hat store.
Handsome Man.
(Now do your guessing.) Prize, choice of
cane or umbrella in Albert Klkus'
clothing store — the umbrella guar
anteed to keep off the wet.
The Slim Man will also get n prize.
The Popular Man will also get something.
The Fat Man, too, will not be overlooked.
10:30 p. m. "Evening." — Badger fight; and
a noted and vicious bulldog has
been scoured. This, of course,
is for men only.
After all this, you won't be sorry you
came.
Coming Banquet of Company B.
A banquet will be given by the
px-members of Company B (city guard).
First Regiment Infantry, N. G. G.,
to the. members of Company B. First
Regiment Infantry, California volunteers,
at the Occidental Hotel on Wednesday
evening, September 6. A very large num
ber of the "old boys" have notified the
committee of their intention of being pres
ent. Colonel George R. Burdick -will be
toastmaster, and an entertaining pro
gramme has been arranged. Music has
been provided for, and the souvenir menu
will contain an interesting history of the
company's career in the Philippines.
The committee of arrangements consists
of Fred A. Baldwin, chairman, formerly
second lieutenant of Company B, and
Walter Kelly, who accompanied Com
pany B to the Philippine Islands as first
sergeant ; Edward T. Foley, formerly
corporal of Company B: George R. Bur
dlck. president of the City Guard Club,
and formerly captain of Company B.
The Colonial's Entertainment.
The Colonials will Rive an entertain
ment and dance next Wednesday evening
at 8 o'clock In Golden Gate Hall, 625 Sut
ter street. The following programme will
be rendered:
Overture, national airs; bass solo,
Edward Lawery; piano recital. Miss
M. Higgins; sleight-of-hand, O.
Wonek; coon song and Cakewalk,
Baby Coakley; fancy dance. Miss Ju
liet "Turpin: specialty, Vincent Kph
nedy; violin duet. Harry and Joseph
Lop'okann. assisted by Miss Ida I^ose
kann. The comic farce, "A Scheme
That Failed," will be presented by
M!p* Juliot Turpin. Miss T. Kathryne
Smith Miss Ethel A. Homer, Miss Bes
sie Merigan. Chris Buckley and W. C.
Hanke. Grand march at 10 o'clock.
? Next SUNDAY'S CALL will be
\ an especially interesting paper.
\ Don't fail to get a copy.
The timber lands of the South are be
ing rapidly purchased by Northern and
Western syndicates and manufacturing
companies.
they presented a pretty fair appearance.
They occupy the southwestern corner or
the Pavilion and when they have it all
decked out, as they will be'lore to-morrow
afternoon, it will be worth going: some
distance to see. The natives served last
night to attract a large number of visi
tors to the two or three bamboo bunga
lows they had erected and the three or
four others half completed which they
will occupy. Upstairs there has been con
structed for them a large circus ring,
around which has been arranged seats.
Every day during the exposition 4 hey will
give performances In the ring.
The exposition will continue vi Octo
ber 7, Sundays excepted. There will be
concerts afternoon nnd evening, the Phll
lpplno circus and the Indian show..
SOLDIERS BANQUETTED
BY FREIGHT AUDITORS
The gentlemen employed In the freight
auditor's department of the Southern Pa
cific assembled last night in the Bay State
on Stockton street for the purpose of
honoring five of their former co-workers
in that department who have just re
turned from the Philippines with the Cali-
I fornia volunteers.
The guests of honor were: lieutenant
D. J. Keohane. Battery A, California
Volunteer Artillery; Corporals J. C. Smith
and J. L. Darnls of Company G; Corporal
H. D. Jones of Company B and D. L. Lee
of Company G, First California Volun
teers. To each of these there was pre-
I sented as a souvenir of the occasion a
I velvet case containing a handsomely en
j graved solid silver card of invitation to
I the banquet.
There were covers for more than 100.
j and after the menu had b«-en disposed of
I tIK-re was presented an interesting pro
gramme of entertainment and toasts, ar
ranged by the committee, consisting of
John W. Lewis (chairman). TV. S. C.'imn-
I bell. W. H. Dick. W. M. Robinson. Frank
I B. Ladd, G. A. Hall and A. A. Hinchman.
Boys of the Fourteenth.
Under the provisions of order No. 40 of
the "War Department, Issued some time
since, those men who during the Spanish-
American war enlisted in the regular ser
vice are given the option of asking for
their discharge from such service. A
number of Californians volunteered to fill
the quota of the Fourteenth and other
regiments that were ordered to proceed to
Manila. The parents and relatives of
those Californians who were assigned to
the Fourteenth having received advices
that the dear ones will leave the service,
propose to give them a parents' and rela
tives welcome. Irrespective of any action
that may be taken by parents and rela
tives who are interested in those who may
leave the Eighteenth and Twenty-third
regulars. They propose to devote them
selves exclusively to the Californians in
the Fourteenth regulars, and to that end
there will be a meeting at 8 o'clock to
morrow night at the residence of Mrs. V.
C. Baird, 2513 Pacific avenue, to which
those who have California relatives in
that regiment will be welcome.
Died Visiting His Soldier Son.
George H. Hammereley, aged SS, a na
tive of New York, while visiting his son, a
member of Company B, First Idaho Regi
ment, Just returned from Manila, at the
residence of Mrs. Thompson, 792 Lyon
Ftreet. last evening, fell dead as he was
ascending the stairway. Death was at
tributed to syncope.
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Grand Opera Season
To-night, "RIGOLETTO"— Last Time.
F*OR NEXT WEEK!
BY GENERAL REQUEST,
MONDAY, WEDNESDAY, FRIDAY
AND SATURDAY EVENINGS.
THE BEAUTIFUL OPERA,
ROMEO
JULIET
TUESDAY, THURSDAY, SUNDAY
NIGHTS AND SATURDAY
MATINEE.
THE BEST BILL OF THE SEASON!. .
GREAT CAST IN EACH OPERA !
ADVANCE SALE BREAKS ALL RECORDS!
Popular Prices, 25c and 50c
Telephone for Scats Bush 9.
ALHAMBRA^THEATER.
This. SUNDAY EVENING, Sept. 3/99.
GRAIN ID
...TESTIMONIAL...
BENEFIT
johnCslade
JOHNW.SLADE
Of Company A, First California Volunteers.
A MONSTER PROGRAMME!
MUSIC, DRAMA AND VAUDEVILLE!
BOX OFFICE NOW OPEN.
CHUTES and ZOO !
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
ADOIE AND HER LIONS.
AND MOVING PICTURES.
Showing the Arrival of the Sherman, Parade
of the First Regiment and
FIERCE FIGHTING in the" 6 PHILIPPINES.
100 FEET OF LIVE PYTHONS ON FREE EX-
HIBITION.
SOUVENIRS FOR THE CHILDREN
. TO-DAY (SUNDAY.)
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO. HALL,
222 Sutler St.
THURSDAY EVENING, SEPT. 7. IS9S.
GRAND CONCERT
Under the Direction of Henry Heyman.
MISS MET A ASHER. Planlste. and
™ HARRY SAMUELS, Violinist.
Assisted by Mr. Arthur Weiss. Violoncello,
and Mr. Arthur Fleckenscher, Accompanist.
Reserved Spats. $1. On sale at Sherman, Clay
A; Co.' Music Store. '
SUTRO BATHS.
SUNDAY, SEPT. 3, AT 2:30 P. M.
IMMENSE PROGRAMME.
SWIMMING RACES FOR
VALUABLE PRIZES.
ADMISSION 10c. CHILDREN Be
Bathing, including admission. 25c. Children 20c.
OPEN NIGHTS.
ADVERTISE]£ENTS. -• ■ ; __^
#•!• ♦ •!• ♦ ■;■ > ■!■ . 1 » ■;■ ♦.y ♦ ■!■ ♦ ■!■ ♦■!♦■: »,;,«■;■♦.;. ♦.%♦■;■♦ i » i » ■:■♦•:• > ♦•!• • -I- ♦*•
I DRY GOODS COMPANY. I
.
;: .1
" The latest novelties in Tailor Suits, Ulsters, ♦
♦ Three-quarter Long English Walking Jackets, ♦
y. Capes and Separate Dress Skirts are daily
'.'. arriving and on display now. X
<> ♦
I ....OUR SPECIAL LEADER.... |
y. The Latest Style High-Grade TAILOR SUIT, loose front or tight-fitting 4.
I. jacket si:k lined, in blac-, gray and blue cheviot, AT $2Q. Good i,
y. value at $25. • Z.
+ The newest effects in Fur Neckwear and Coilar'-ttes just received. T
♦
*■* OUT-OF-TOWN ORDERS CAREFULLY EXECUTED. SEND MEASURES. *
I CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, |
•$• S. E. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets. San Francisco. *£
.J. UNION S<?U/\RE. 4*
AMUSEMENTS.
s*£S3S^ SAN FRANCISCO OMAHA
WEEK COMMENCING SUNDAY, Sept. 3,
Fresh From European Triumphs. Now Fifty in Number,
HUNGARIAN BOYS'
MILITARY BAND
Again Imported Direct From Europe by the WALTER ORPHEUM CO.
An Chrheum Importation AN OLD FAVORITE.
MONTRELL CHAS. CASE
A Juggler without a peer. . "The man who talks about his father."
THE COQUELIX OF AMERICA.
FELIX MORRIS
Assisted by His Company in "BEHIND THE SCENES."
DARING AND MARVELOUS. A SENSATIONAL ACT.
.MOULIERE SISTERS. ... APOLLO ...
Unequaled Lady Gymnasts. I Bounding Wire Wizard.
areTmakinq a hit.
ARNOLD GRAZER and LA PETITE HAZEL
Toe Dancing Extraordinary.
A MERfOJinTBIpCIRA JPH.
MATINEE TO-OAY (SUNDAY), SEPT, 3d. P *!Z™lT;oT:X'
I ro^pSv^H^ SPECIAL MATINEE MONDAY, SEPT. 4th— LABOR DAY.
COLUMBIA v&
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME.
THE NEW DOMINION.
I CLAY CLEMENT as Baron yon Hohenstauffen.
BEGINNING MONDAY NIGHT,
7 NIGHTS AND SATURDAY MATINEE,
MR. CLAY CLEMENT
Presents a Superb Revival of the Great Ro-
mance,
THE BELLS!
Superb Scenic Effects— A Great Ca»t.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 532.
LAST NIGHT OF
PAUL _JONES!
WEEK OF MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 4,
Gorgeous and Final Revival of
EL CAPITAN
Extra matinee TO-MORROW (LABOR DAY).
Best Reserved Seat in the House, 25c.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES— 15c. 25c,
35c, sOc.
Best reserved seats In the theater at Satur-
day matinee, 25c.
Branch ticket office Emporium.
ALCAZAR SS
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME OF
MISS FLORENCE ROBERTS.
lINGO/VV/\R.
TO-MORROW NIGHT,
Opening of the .
NEW STOCK SEASON.
When Will Be Presented the International
Comedy Success,
CHRISTOPHER JR.
MATINEE SUNDAY. SEPTEMBER 10.
REGULAR MATINEE SATURDAY.
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
OLYMPIA.
Eddy Street, Corner Mason.
The Only Free Vaudeville Show in the City.
Week Commencing MONDAY, September 4.
Odd, Daring and Sensational,'
CIRDELIER BROS.
European Contortionists.
Limited Engagement of
ED INOL/\IN,
The Man That Came Over From Ireland.
Continued Success,
ZOA mATTHEWS,
The Ragtime Musical Beauty.
THE KEESINGS, DOLLIE MITCHELL and
Others.
Matinees Every Sunday. Admission Free.
Amateur Night Every Friday.
GLENJ>ARK.
THIS SUNDAY, SEPT. 3
ADMISSION 10c.
FINE VAUDEVILLE IN FREE THEATER.
VAN GOFRE, the Great Equilibrist,
AND ALL-STAR ARTISTS.
San Mateo electric cars direct to park.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
UNION COURSING PARK.
TODAY, SUNDAY, September M.
CHAMPION
OPEN
STAKE!
$1040-PRIZE MONEY— SIO4O
JOHN GRACE
WILL JUDGK
JAMES GRACE
WILL KLIP.
TRAIN SERVICE
Leaves Third and Townsend sts., tt a. m., 12
m. and 1 p. in.: Twenty-fifth and Valencia Bts.
five minutes Inter. Returning after last course;
extra train fwfm park at 4:45 p. m. San Mateo
electric cars every ten minutes.
Admission 25 Cents. Ladies Free.
MECHANICS' PAVILION
MECHANICS' FAIR
AND
PHILIPPINE EXHIBIT.
Filipino Village,
Filipino Circus,
Indian Village from
Mendocino County.
Double Seamen Tickets $5.00
Single Admission 250
baseballT
Santa Cruz
vs.
Oakland
TODAY AT 2:30 F*. M.
MON DAY, Labor Day, at 2: 30 pm.
RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and Harrison streets.
GENERAL ADMISSION, 25 CENTS.
LADIES ADMITTED FREE TO GRAND
MrTdBI , O'SULLIYAN
HIS LAST APPEARANCE THIS SEASON
In a BALLAD CONCERT.
TUESDAY EVENING, Sept. 12, Shermaa-
Clay's Hall.
1314
SPIRITUALISTS
SELECT THEIR
NEW OFFICERS
W. D. J. Hambly Is
Chosen President.
NEXT SESSION AT SAN JOSE
DISCORD AMONG DIRECTORS
OVER THE ELECTION.
Tlie State Association Alters Its Con
stitution to Meet the Changed
Condition of the Organ
ization.
PRESIDENT W. D. J. HAMBLY.
Harmony d!d not prevail tbrongbotit '
the e«cond day's proceedings of the
fourth annual convention of the Califor
nia State Spiritualists' Association. The
election of officers caused some friction
and resulted in President M. S. Norton
getting a little huffy and resigning from
the board of directors.
The morning and much of the afternoon
session was consumed amending the con
etitutio:; to !!t the aitere^l conditions of
the association. Amendments were adopt
rmlttiog the holding of the annual
•: at other places than San
oetoco; placing the election of the offl
cera in the hands of a board of nine dl
rectors, who with the officers shall con-
Btitute the board of management of the i
association; exempting camp and ch£.ri
k table associations from apita ',
i tax, but compelling them to give a so- i
tial or take up a collection at least once
eds to go to the
association, these associations to
be allowed one delegate for their charter
at 'j one for every ten members; giving
. mediums •■TuaJ vo
conventions with regularly elected dele
gates; permitting spiritualists r.ot con
. xiliary associations to be
■.ng members of the State
latlon upon the payment of $1, they |
Order of Eastern Star.
Among the latest initiates in Ivy Chap
ter of the Order of the Eastern Star are
Eugene Graca, Olive Grace, Minerva Mar-
Bton, Caroline P*obison and Michael Sylva.
At the last held session of Olive Branch
Chapter, Grand Matron Mrs. Pierce acted
as worthy matron and Grand Associate
Patron Darling acted as worthy patron in
the absence of Mr. and Mrs. C. L. P.
Mar;. who have gone to France. No
great amount of business was transacted,
hut a vote of thanks was passed to -Mrs.
Marais, Dr. Miles Taylor and Dr. Bryan
oe Witt for having presented to the chap
ter a set of points for the central star.
Mission Chapter on last .Monday had a
Ep'.cial meeting, when live candidates were
Initiated. After the ceremony there was
a banquet, which was partaken of by a
large number of members and visitors.
The grand matron during the past week
paid visits to the chapters in Santa Rosa,
Cloverdale, Ukiah and Petaluma.
A new chapter named harbor has been
instituted at San Pedro.
Ivy Chapter will give a party on the
12th inn., and Harmony Chapter will give
one on the 14th.
The Odd Fellows.
On Tuesday, ]2th Inst., Bay City I/odge
will tender a reception in Memorial Hall
to all the Odd Fellow soldiers who re
cently i turned from Manila.
Magnolia Lodge at its last held meeting
Initialed three candidates, Parker Lodge
initiated or.v and Pacific had work in the
Initiatory degree.
All the arrangements have been com
pleted for the grand time to be had in the
hall of Wildey Encampment on the night
of next Thursday, 'l bis promises to be
on*; of the most Interesting encampment
meetings that has been held in this city
for a iung time. 2
During the jubilee week in October
ihic-e degree teams from, encampments
will on the same night exemplify the
patriarchial, golden rule and purple de-
The Rebekahs.
Mrs. George T. Shaw, past noble grand
of Oi K;ih Lodge, r.us been cho
t:u by the trustees of the Orphans' Home
at Gllroj to 1111 the vacancy on the board
caused by the death of Mrs. Josephine
Brown. The choice was unanimous, and
. no doubt meet with the approval of
ever;. for tne lady is in every
way' ■ j lift the ofhee, and fur
a one of the most earnest
: ir the order.
Last Wednesdaj Mr. Daniels. Mrs. M.
E. Donoho and Mrs. J. H. Simpson of
Loyal Lodge went' out on a tug
■ i nimittee from the lodge to wel
int Badley, past grand
master of the State of Idaho, and Chap
lain Stevenson of the First Idaho, both of
the regiment which returned on the
Grant. With them were the wife of Lieu
nt Badley and the wife of Chaplain
Dson. They succeeded in boarding
the vessel before she reached anchorage,
und there was a happy meeting. The
committee extended a genuine Rebekah
me to the soldiers named and in
. them to attend a reception to be
to-morrow night in the hall of the
lodge in their honor and in honor of all
Rebekah soldiers who may be at the
Presidio at that time J
Ancient Order of Workmen.
The reception that was tendered last
Wednesday night to the California Work
men volunteers by the gTand officers and
the local lodges of Workmen was a grand
• that reflects great credit on the
ral committees that had charge of the
matter. The Odd Fellows' Hall, in which
the exercises were held, was crowded to
its utmost and the decorations were as
tasteful as human Ingenuity could make
them. About twenty of the California
r Workmen and as many more visit
ing brother soldiers occupied seats on
the stage. After introductory remarks by
Edwin Danforth, D. G. M. W., chairman
of the general reception committee, the
Introduction of Past Grand Master Work
man W. H Barnes, a most eloquent ad
dress of welcome to the California Volun
teers by Past Supreme Master Workman
W. H. "Jordan and an excellent pro
(.Mimmc of high-class mupic and literary
efforts, followed by an exhibition drill by
the members of the Ivy drill team of the
Degree of Honor, there was placed upon
LETTER-CARRIERS WILL MEET
IN SCRANTON, PENNSYLVANIA
The Leading Officers of the National Association.
THE first session of the convention of the National Association of Letter-Carriers in the United States will be
held in the city of Scranttfn, Pa_. on Tuesday next. It promises to be the largest assemblage of the carriers of
Uncle Sam's mail that has ever assembled. California, particularly San Francisco, is honored in having on the
executive board the second officer, Conrad Treiber of this city, who is the vice president. The other officers are
John N. Parsons of New York City, president; Edward J. Caiuwell of Washington, D. C, secretary, and M. J.
Connors of Chicago, treasurer.
The association at this time is composed of 653 branches, representing that number of cities, with an aggregate mem
bership of more than 16,000. It has protective and insurance features. Since it was organized in Milwaukee in IS&9. it has
paid out In death benefits alone, more than {300,000. Following the adjournment of the previous convention In Toledo,
Ohio, last year, forty-one new branches were instituted and forty-four delinquents were reinstated. At the first annual
convection held In Boston In 1890 but fifty cities were represented.
One of the principal matters to be brought up at this session will be the preparation of a bill that is to be pre
sented at the next session of Congress, having for its purpose the fixing of the maximum salary of carriers at SI2JO a year.
The claim will be made that secor.d-cicjts carriers who receive at present *230 a year less than first-class carriers, per
form the same amount of work and go over the same routes, and are therefore entitled to the same pay.
There will be more than GOO delegates to the convention and they will reach Scranton to-day, when they will
be received by the committee on entertainment which has provided a very fine programme to occupy their attention.
to receive as compensation the reports of
the annual conventions.
Under the new order of things San Jose
was selected as the next meeting place,
and the following b'.-ard of directors were
elected: M. B. Norton, William R
B. F. Small. Mrs. Henry E. Robli
Ban Francisco;
\V. D. J. Hambly, San Jose: Mrs. R. l.
Johnson, H - M. E. Coleman,
Oakland; F. H. Parker, Sai
In announcing I Lion of dir.
President Norton, who was a
for re-election,
first one elected -
dent and so on down the ' '
list of officers v. This was con
strued as an attempt of Mr .N rt
get a cinch ax» re-eli Q Mrs. H. E.
Robinson took a I t of him and -
t'rancisco for the attempt, as stu
to gobble up cvi tght. Mr.
S'orton took umbrag< i marks and
d to resign right on the sp"'
Lhe convention insisted that h
and if he desired present
■esignation to the board of directors whta
The board of directors added insult to
njury by losing Bight of the '.xistence of
Latest Fraternal News.
I the breast of each of the California
! Workmen Volunteers a handsome souve
nir badge surmounted by a gold fatigue
cap, designed by Gus Pohlman, who with
pardonable pride pinned or.i? on each of |
his two sons, who returned with the First \
:■ . »ther kind of souvenir
' badge was placed on the breast of each
of the Colorado Workmen Volunteers.
1 Those who received the souvenirs were: !
Dr. G. W. Daywalt. B. Armstrong, H.
Pohlman, H. G. Hatterson, C. Gruen
niger, D. Brown, A. Pohlman, H. Loehr,
H. Linnio, C. Falkner, C. W. Brennicke, |
I R J. Warrin, R. E. Davis, G. Gravestock |
and G. Borsted Jr. Those who contrib
uted to the pleasure of the evening were: !
The Knickerbocker quartet, Waterman i
: sisters. Miss Josie Butler, Fred Everett, !
Mr.-. Walter Malloy, William J. Hynes
and Sam Booth, the grand receiver.
Charles W. Brennicke of the First Colo-
I rado Regiment, who was present at the
I reception in Odd Fellows' Hall last
i Wednesday night, was the first master
Workman of the first A. O. U. W. lodge
orgnaized in Manila.
Classified assessment No. 3, Degree of
Honor, was levied September 1, and it will
be delinquent on the 28th inst.
The Native Sons.
Last Wednesday night Golden Gate !
i Parlor of the Native Sons gave a souvenir ■
party in the Native Sons' building which, j
j despite the many matters connected with i
the reception or the soldiers which occu- !
pied the attention of the Native Sons and
Daughters, was well attended.
Next Wednesday night this parlor will
give a reception in the banquet hall of
Che Native Sons' building to Captain Con
i nelly of Company A, First California Vol
! unteers. Chief Musician Holiister of the ;
j First and Privates Lawton, Harwood, ;
I Pidwell. Foah and Cleeland of the Fust,
who are members of the parlor. There
will be a programme of entertainment, a
dance and a banquet.
Last Wednesday evening Hesperian
Parlor of the Native Sons gave a smoker
in Its hall at Sixteenth and Valencia
streets, in honor of Richard J. Dowuali,
one of its members who left here as
geant of Company G of the First Cali
i forma, and who during the war, was pro
■ moted to the position of second lieutenant, i
I There was a short programme of enter
i tainmer.t and plenty of good cigars. With ,
1 stories from the front. Taken as a whole i
; ih* boys of Hesperian and their special :
I guest had a good time.
The Native Daughters.
A new parlor is to be instituted in the
Western Addition during the current
month. A parlor was instituted by Dep
uty Grand President Miss Mary Seagle of
Murphya last Friday.
Grand President Cora Sifford has re
turned to her home. She will in a short
time institute a new parlor at Santa
Paula.
The anniversary party of Orinda Parlor,
which was postponed on account of the
reception to the returning California vol
unteers, will be given in Native Sons'
Hall on the night of the 19th inst.
During the week of the celebration In
honor of the returning volunteers the fol
lowing named were guests at the Native
Daughters' Home: Mrs. M. and Miss
Josie Zmudowski of Watsonville; Miss
Bertha, Warren of San Jose. Mrs. JU.
Breckenfeld and Master Elmer Brecken
feld of Sacramento. There were many
visitors to the home last week and all
were delighted with the place. Every
Native Daughter who was there from the
Interior has returned to her home and
parlor to talk up the Native Daughters'
Home to her sister members. It is ex
pected that good results will follow all
these talks.
To-morrow night Mrs. J. R. Steinbach.
D. D. G. P., will institute Durena Parlor
In Franklin Hall en Fillmore street. There
will be present a number of grand offi
cers and it is probable that there will bo
present a number of the members of the
local parlors, as a general Invitation has
been extended to the membership to wit
ness the ceremonies.
Golden Gate Camp, W. 0. W.
Golden Gate Camp No. <M, Woodmen of
the World, in addition to showing admira
tion of the work done by the California
volunteers by taking part in the great
parade on the night of the 26th of last
month, has decided upon manifesting its
appreciation of the volunteer soldiers by
giving- a banquet on next Monday night
to the members of the order who are in
THE SAS FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1899.
such a man as Norton and elected the i
new officers without even mentioning his
name. He did not take kindly to the
slight and did some more resigning. :
This time he made it stick, for he had no j
difficulty in persuading the directors to I
accept nis withdrawal. He stated that j
certain of the directors had said that
they would never serve on the board if
he "were a member and rather than cre
ate discord he would step down and out.
W. I). J. Hambly of San Jose was elect
ed president, \Vili;am Rider vice president,
Mrs. H. E. Robinson secretary, B. F.
Small treasurer. The new president said i
that he would make no promises for the
future, as much of the success depended
upon the support given the directors by
the individual members of ' the associa
tion.
As delegates to the national convention,
which will meet next year at Chicago,
limd. E Young and Mrs. Anna Bellou
were chosen, with Professor W. C. Bow
man and Professor Richard Young as al
ternates. Mrs. Halloa was elected to rep- !
resent the association at the International
Psychical Research Society, which will
meet at Paris in 1900.
During the morning session Mrs. Eliza
the ranks of the First California, First |
Colorado and other regiments stationed i
at the Presidio a:;d to those who arrived :
;on the transport Grant. The affair will
bo limited to the invited guests and the
iberahip of Golden Gate Camp. It is
expected there will be a large number of
soldier guests, officers and men. present. '■
j They will be honored as defenders of the
! flag and our country's honor and greeted
as Woodmen.
On the 11th inst there will be work in
the initiatory degree in Golden Gate Camp
; ar.d the presentation of jewels to past
! consul commanders. On Sunday, the 17th
i inst., the monument erected to the mem-
I ory of the late Thomas F. Griffin, who
was a member of the camp, will be un
veiled with appropriate and impressive
ceremonies at 3 o'clock in the afternoon.
Sons of Exempts.
That progressive association known as
the Sons of Exerrvpts, which is steadily '
moving into prominence, on last Wednes
j day night gave another of its smokers in
the hall of the Exempts on Brenham
place. The attendance was large and
during the evening the members were
congratulated on the fine appearance
they made in the parade on the night of
i the reception of the California Volunteers. ,
It wns their first parade since organiza
i tion, and m their neat uniforms they
i looked like "chips of the old blocks" ;
i which preceded and followed them. The ,
! committee of arrangements, W. A. Clark,
i George Fenstermachor and Wintield
I Smith, with Ad. Traube as master of cer
emonies, presented a programme of en-:
: teriainment that had for attractions:
Address by President L. S. Graves; vocal
Frank Hansen; remarks, G. Grady,
A. C. Hardis and Secretary A. McFar
■ land; vocal solos by Messrs. Mqnauan,
; Jack English, Hansen, James Kentzell
and W. A. Clark, and story telling by
M< sars. i-igel, W. A. Clark and L. S.
; Graves. There was plenty of smoking
; material, a luncheon and light refresh
ments and a happy timi* until midnight,
I when the order was given to "douse the '.
' glim."
Sentinels of the Universe.
The local councils of this order are In
-1 creasing their membership. Two of
; them have doubled it within a month.
Jefferson Council, in the Mission district,
is in the lead. At its meeting last ,
i Wednesday it admitted eight members ;
! by initiation and received two appliea- i
: tions. On the 6th inst. this council will
give a social in Mannerbund Hall, at
'1 wenty-fourth and Folsom streets. On
Thursday evening a number of the mem
bi i s paid a fraternal visit to Franklin
' Council in Oakland.
Washington and Webster Councils are
ariu.iiKu.fi a Joint social to be given in \
the social hall of the Aicazar during the
early part of this month. Each of these
councils at its last held meeting initiated
; several candidates. The members are
working to secure a beautiful gold era
bli mane button offered by Supreme
Sentinel Lawrence to the member secur- ;
: ing the greatest number of candidates
i within a given time. On the night of the j
social special inducements will be offered ■
to those who may wish to join the order.
Franklin Council at its last held meet
ing initiated six candidates and had seven
applications to pass upon. That night a !
number received the Iceman's degree,
which was by no means cold. One of the
members, named McGowan, has presented
a piano to the council.
Ancient Order- Druids.
At the last held meeting of Aurora
! Grove Dr. E. N. Torello, the noble arch, ;
i offered a fine emblematic jewel to be i
awarded to the member who during the j
i current and the n»xt month shall pre- j
sent the greatest number of candidates
for initiation. That night the grove re- :
ceived two applications.
Galleo Grove will at its next meeting, '
on the sth Inst., admit by initiation twelve •,
. candidates. This grove Intends to initiate I
at least sixty candidates during the term
of J. F. Martinoni, the present noble ;
• grand arch.
Perseverance Grove had an initiation i
i last week. Reports from a number of
groves show an increase in membership. !
The English speaking teams of San j
i Francisco will organize a team for the
purpose of conferring the second degree
'in the amplified form. A committee com
posed of members of Norma, Hesperian,
Laurel, Templar, Golden Gate and Man
j zanita Groves has the matter in hand.
beth Lowe Watson, representing' the com
mittee on resolutions, recommended a
vote of thanks to the Mediums' Protec
tive Association for the reception ten
dered the members of the State Associa
tion and to the representatives of the
daily newspapers tor the fair reports of
the proceedings of the convention.
There was a heal discussion over the
proposition that a list be made of the
spiritualists of the State, which was to
be accomplished by those who acknowl
edged the faith signing their names vol
untarily in a register. The mediums ob
jected to the scheme on the ground that
it would result in divulging the names of
their clients. The subject was referred to
the new board of directors.
The following letter of greeting was re
ceived from Harrison D. Barrett, presi
dent of the National Spiritualists' Asso
ciation:
"In behalf of the National Spiritualists'
Association of the United States of Amer
ica and the Dominion of Canada I extend
greeting to the spiritualists of Califor
nia In delegate convention assembled; Or
ganization was never BO much needed a3
at the present hour, and all bodies con
nected with the spiritual movement that
It is expected that the noble grand arch 1 .
will give a trophy to the team doing the
best work in San Francisco.
Independent Foresters.
Lest Thursday night courts San Fran
cisco; Accacia, Madrono and Friar Tuck
gave the fourth of a series of card par.
ties and socials in Social Hall of the Red
Men's building. There were present a
large number of the members and th< 1.
lady friends and ail had a pleasant tim«. :
Court Southern Heights is making ar
rangements to receive a number of its j
members who returned with the Califor
nia volunteers.
The session of the High Court to be
held in Fresno has been postponed to the
17th of October. The supreme chief
ranger will be in attendance during the
session.
A second court of the order has been j
established at San Jose with thirty-Jive
charter members. It has been named
Loma Prut a. Another has been insti
tuted at Pleasanton and named Verona
of California. It has twenty-four char
ter members. The high chief ranger hi>B i
instituted a new court at Cucomunga and
another is to be instituted at liisbe-,
Ariz.
Arrangements, have been completed for
another trolley ride by the local courts.
It will be given on the night of the &d i
tost
Court Yerba Buena on last Tuesday was ;
visited by two of the returned California
volunteers. On the night of the 11th th-;
members of this court will tender a recep
tion to its members who were in the ser
vice in the Philippines.
Young Men's Institute.
Columbia Council will give an anniver
sary banquet on the night of the 27th of
the current month.
To-morrow night America Council No.
8 will give a banquet in Oakland to the
newly installed grand officers and to mem
bers of councils Nos. 6, 24, 31 and 460.
The new board of grand directors met
last Sunday and mapped out preliminary
work for the current term. The board j
has decided to hold its meetings on the ;
third Saturday of each month.
Ancient Order of Foresters.
Court Lincoln is arranging a reception
to seven of Its members who returned
with the California volunteers.
Court Ivanhoe will give a party on the
night of the Bth inst.
Court Bohemian will give a reception !
to a number of its members who arrived i
in this city from Manila on the Sheridan. I
Courts Twin Peaks, Kensington and
America, located in the Mission district, '
will give a minstrel show and Cakewalk
on the night of Admission day.
The High Court will meet in the city
of Brooklyn on the 4th inst. and be in
session until the close of the week.
, Companions of the Forest.
The board of deputies at Its meeting last
Tuesday night conducted a school of in
struction
Loyal Lodge has changed Its quarters i
and will In the future meet in the Shiels
building. To-morrow night there will be
a house-warming there.
Improved Order Red Men.
Manzanita Tribe at Its last held meeting:
had two adoptions and admitted one by |
card. Next Wednesday night the tribe
will adopt four more.
The representatives of the Great Coun
cil of the United States, which is to meet ;
in Washington, D. C, will leave for that j
city on the sth inst.
Modoc Tribe has had prepared an album
containing a set of engrossed resolutions |
which will be forwarded for presentation j
during the Great Council session in Wash- I
ington to Past Great Chief of Records j
Charles F. Burgman. Mr. Burgman is a ;
member of the tribe, and the resolutions
are expressive of the high regard in which |
he is held by the members and of the re- j
gret that circumstances forced him to re- :
tire from the reservation of California to
take up his home In another.
Montezuma Tribe will during the current
month adopt about twenty-five palefaces. I
The printed proceedings of the recent
Great Council held in this city have been
received and sent out to the ■ various
tribes. The book is an Interesting one.
jj Martha Washington Council.
Oa the night of Monday, August 28. j
1 stand forth as representatives of the
principles of co-operation have interests
in common and are deserving of the best
wishes of all friends of the cause.
i "The national extends the right hand of
i fellowship to each and every one connect
; ed with your association and assures the
: officers and members that the interests or
j one are felt to be the interests of the
; other, and the mutual aid and co-opera
'. tion should be and can be depended upon
■ between the two societies.
"May your convention be productive of
great good to the cause of your State and
influential in the establishment of a more
thorough organization of our forces
throughout the country."
The convention will close to-day. A
-
THE VOLUNTEERS RETURN.—
the exciting scenes of the great recep
tion in the Wasp's quarterly Home
Again" number, 2Sc. Sold by all news
dealers. _ _
■ ♦ ■
ODD FELLOWSHIP'S
GOLDEN JUBILEE
SOME OF THE FEATURES OF THE
OCTOBER PARADE.
The Plans Proposed to Show What
Work the Order Is En
gaged In.
At the meeting of the executive com
mittee of the Odd Fellows' golden jubilee
last night the committee on transporta
tion reported that the Southern Pacific
Company has given most liberal terms
to those* who attend the celebration dur
ing the week of October 15-21. not only
to Odd Fellows and their families, but to
all others. The rates will be as follows:
To parties residing within 125 miles or
San Francisco a round trip rate equiva
lent to one and one-third fare; to those
under 200 miles and over 125 miles, a one
and one-fifth fare for the round trip and
to those 200 miles and over, a round trip
for one first-class trip fare. «Dn the other
railway lin.-s the rate for the round trip
will be about one and one-third rate and
i on the steamers one and one-hall rate
I0 Obse e rvat U o n ry Lodge of San Jose will
have a float in line representing the Lick
; Observatory on Mount Hamilton. Ori
; ental Lodge is getting up a float that will
:be a pleasing surprise. District No. 1
: of this city, in which there are San Fran
' cisco California, Yerba Buena. Magnolia
and Templar Lodges, will
float Mound Lodge of Hollwter San
BenitO County, will have seventv-flse
members in the parade and expect _ to
have about fifty of the Rebekahs from
lh The P G a e°rman and French lodges of this
city have appointed a joint comm ltteeto
arrange for a display in the 1 f n c . r "P re
g Germany and France united by
rnity. RosevlUe Lodge will send a
di Ian C Pabio ß £od, n c of Valleio will appear
in line with about seventy-five members,
preceded by the band from the Independ
ence. Leemore Lodge has decided to
take part in the parade. Abon Ben Ad
ham Lodge of this city will have a float
in line illustrative of the incident which
served for the poem of that name.
It is probable that the children from
: the orphanage at Gilroy and the old peo-
Die from the home at Ihermolita will be;
given a position in line, as committees are
now workinfi to that end. It is expected
that the relief boards and the employ
' ment bureaus will be represented, as
these displays will show some of the
that the order is engaged in.
During the coming week the parade
committee will recommend a well known
i member of the order for grand marshal.
From indications at this time it ap
pears that the parade will be the largest
that ha* been planned by any one rra
i ternal organization of this citj\
Drill corps No. 1 of the Rebekahs of
! Stockton corps No. 2 of San Francisco
: and copra No. 3 of San Jose will compete
' during the .iubilee week for a trophy.
The Ohio Society.
The Ohio Society of California will have
a ladies' night in "the assembly hall of the
i Red Men's building, on Post street, on the
1 night of the 12th fnst. A good entertam
wlll be presented.
Martha Washington Council of the Daugh
■ . berty save an entertainnur.t in
the Laurel Hall of the Shiels building,
} whl( I nded by a large number of
uding many volunteers, who
accepted an invitation to be present.
j The committee on programme— Mrs. Ag
nes Thornagle. Mrs. Isabel M. Strong: and
M,<.- F. Tanzi- pr sented the following
I numbers f< sure of the audience:
j Guitar and banjo duet, Messrs. Jami s and
Marion; vocal selections, Miss Agnes Mc
'.gh; recitation, Mrs. L»r. Clark; coon
. Mrs. Frankk- Sehussler; cakewalk,
Hazel Miller and Eunice Dugan; fancy
i dance, Kdna Pendleton; recitation, Edna
r; and fiance, Annie Burg. Dur
:: g the evening a handsome sofa
cushion donated to the council
: was put up at auction for the ben
• ;it .if three volunteers. Eugene Harwood,
Frank Finley and George Smith, who are
; members of tl • coui This realized
■ $60, which will ! • exp< led in purchasing
a suit of clothes for each of the three sol
diers named. . ■ followed, and it
was kept up until midnight.
Friends of the Forest
7. .!.-•. Monday night there was a large
attendance at the session of Lincoln Lodge j
of the Friends of the Forest in the Friend- |
ship Hall of the Odd Fellows' building to
witness the initiation of six candidates, I
making eleven in the past three weeks
that have been admitted into this lodge.
On Tuesday night the members of Pio
neer Lodge entertained their friends at a .
social given in the social hall of the For- j
esters' building. There was a good at- ,
tendance, excellent music and pretty girls, !
who, with the gallant gentlemen present,,'
enjoyed a splendid programme of dances.
A grab-bag was productive of a good deal
of amusement. The ministers of entertain
ment were Miss Lizzie Rosevear. Mrs. E.
M. Mi Lane, Mrs. L. M. Simons, Mrs. An- :
nic Thompson, Mrs. E. A. Jeffrey and
Mrs. E. Flick.
Knights and Ladies of Honor.
The next session of the Supreme Lodge
of this order, which will be the twelfth, :
will be held in the city of Indianapolis on
the l"ih of next October.
The propagating committee will shortly
hold a meeting for the purpose of doing i
missionary work on behalf of all the j
lodges of the State.
The Chosen Friends.
At this time all the shining lights of the
order in this city are in the East prepar
ing to attend the Supreme Council session, !
which will open next week in Indianapoiiß, \
consequently there is but little except rou
tine business being done In the local coun
cils.
Daughters of St. Cteorg«.
The patriotic entertainment that was
given last Tuesday night by Britannia
Lodge of the Daughters of St. George in
Union Square Hall was a decided success,
as there was a large attendance and an
excellent programme of patriotic songs
and musical selections. The various num
bers were greatly appreciated, and alter
the programme there was dancing.
Branch No. 7, Y. L. I.
The social that was given last Thursday
night by Branch No. 7 of the Young La
dies' Institute in the main hall of the Na
tive Sons' building was a very pleasant i
function, that was attended by a large
number of persons. Including many of the
California volunteers, who accepted the i
invitation to partake of the hospitality of
the young ladies of the branch. The af- j
fair was under the direction of the follow- I
Ing committees: Arrangements— Mrs. |
George Richardson, Mrs. Lewis, Maggie
and Mary Morgan, Julia and Hannah '<
Fitzpatrick, Josie Shea, Nano Mahoney !
Katie Buckley and Kittie Burke. Recep- I
tion— Mrs. Margaret Mulvehill, Nellie Hor
gan, Mamie Grandfleld and Helen Fitzpat
rick. Mrs. George Richardson was the
floor manager and Maggie Mogan her as- ;
distant. This branch has always given
pleasing socials, and last Wednesday
night's party was no exception to the rule
Painters and Decorators.
At a meeting of local Union No. 73 of the
Painters and Decorators of America held
last Friday night in Pythian Castle a
number of candidates were initiated and
final reports from the shops were re
ceived. The new scale of wages will go
into effect on Tuesday next, and it was
reported that nearly all employers have
agreed to meet the new rates.
Knights and Shriners.
To-morrow night Golden Gate Com
mandery. Knights Templar, will hold an
Interesting meeting. The Red Cross de
gree will be conferred and after that
work is concluded there will be si recep
tion to Colonel Duboce and to other Sir
Kniehts who have returned « 0T ", tf l e
Philippines. During the week the Mystl-;
Shrlners will get up an entertainment in
honor of Colonel Duboce, who is a promi
nent member of the order.
YOUNG MEN'S INSTITUTE.
Appointments Announced by the New
President, A. F. St. Sure.
President St. Sure of the Young Men's
Institute has announced the following ap
pointments:
Committee on laws and supervision— J.
O'Toole. No. 35. San Francisco; E. B. My rick.
No. 1, San Francisco; E. J. Pollard. No. p9.
San Francisco. J. A. Dunleavy, .No. 4. .-an
Francisco; John KiSey. No. 124. San Francisco.
State of the Institute— Anthony Schwamm,
No. 473, Los Angeles- George 8. Ta:t, No. 12.
Santa Cruz; George Eeaudet. No. »., Merced.
W. S. Fleming, No. 21, Napa; Thomas Larkln,
No. 42, Watsonville.
Arbitration committee— D. J. O Leary, No. 3.
San Francisco; William Hennessey. No. 8, Oak
land: John W. Sullivan. No. 2, San Jose; James
T. McNiff. No. 11. Sacramento; James D.
Whalen. No. 47, Livermore; Harry Plnkham,
No. 72, San Francisco; Daniel C. Dea*y, -No. £S.
San Francisco. ' , .„
Lecture bureau, two-year term— ramp
O'Kvan No. 35. San Francisco; Samuel Has
kins. No. 470. San Francisco; PhiHp J. Lawler.
No. 35. San Francisco; S. R. O'Keeffe No 1.
San Francisco. One-year term (hold-over)—
J. J. O'Tocle. No. 3£. San Francisco; John
Rlley. No. 129, San Francisco; R. H. Ham
mond! No. 6, Oakland; F. J. DrUcoll, No. 34.
San Francisco. , ._ 1M _
District deputies-Councils 1. 7, 22, 12£-
George M. Kelly, No. 7; Councils 3. 4 .4, 450—
John E. Richards Jr.. No. 7; Council* 34. 310.
470 508-D. E. Hayden, No. 34; Councils 30, M.
59 72— D. F. Keefe, No. 72; Councils 6. 8, 21, 31.
Oakland— R. H. Hammond, No 6; Councils 4<3.
47:, 543, Los Angeles— Anthony Schwamm, No.
'council deputies— 1, John J. McCarthy;
No. 2, William T. Agceler; No. 3, John E.
Richards Jr.. D. D. G. P.; No 4. Dr. C. A.
Glover; No. 5, A. C. Oullahan; No. 6, R. H.
Hammond. D. D. G. P.: No. 7. George M.
Kellv; No. 8. T. J. Noonan; No. 9, F. A.
Meyer- No 10, J. F. Manney; No. 11, Thomas
Schad; No. 12, E. A. Cook; No. 13. F. H. Lee;
No. 16, William T. Boyle; No. IS, H. Berg; No.
21 Frank B. Gibb; No. 24, Hugh C. Gallagher;
No 25. William Reder; No. 27. John W. Keat
ing- No 29, P. J. Fitzgerald; No. 31, M. A. Mo-
Innic; No. 32. James O'Brien; No. 34. D. E.
Hayden. D. D. G. P.: No. 35. E. B. Thomas;
No. 41 Joseph R. Etenson; No. 42, John F.
Kane- "No. 43, William Farrell: No. 44, Walter
G Fitzgerald: No. 45, R. J. Dowdall; No. 46,
J.F. Harrington; No. 47, M. G. Callaghan; No.
55, Charles A. Drury; No. 59, D. C. Deasy; No.
61 W. P. Doyle; No. 64, George C. St. Louis;
No 67 Joseph O'Neill; No. 72, D. F. Ke°fe,
D D G. P. • No 74, D. P. Cronin; No. £6, Wil
liam 'Tobin; No. 87, Chris Arnoldy; No. 88,
Thomas Conley; No. 94, Robert J. Flowers; No.
115 F. B. Hooson; No. 129, John Doyle; No. 304,
William Hunt; No. 307, John McGrath; No.
30S L. F. McCumiskey; No. 810, Ed Logue;
No. 460, Antone Pilcovich; No. 470, D. T. Pow
ers- No. 473, Anthony Schwamm, D. D. O. P.;
No. 473 Q. J. GilleEpie; No. 508, William M.
Gill; No. 520, W. J. Hogan; No. 543, Theodore
Er.gelbrucht.
Choppers' Friendship Club.
The Choppers' Friendship Club, an off
shoot of the Woodmen of the World, after
the close of business at the last held meet-
Ing had a social In the Foresters' build
ing, which the ladles called "a peach so
cial," because a liberal supply of that
When requested, the Resorts mentioned in this column will send you circu
lars giving full information regarding special advantages, rates, man
ncr of reaching them, etc. When writing please mention Tat CalL
YOUR SUMMER OUTING.
Health arc Hotel
and assured del
Pleasure at Coronado
Send for Pamphlets. Terms, Etc.
Reduced Summer Rates now In Effect.
Apply at 4 New Montgomery St., S. F.
nnnH hot springs. - This
I* R li IV 1 I beautiful summer and
rKlEUlllfll winter resort. now
I niiniUV owned and managed by
DR. J. PERRAULT. who as resident physi-
cian, will devote his entire time to the welfare
of hip guests, whether tick or well. Is situated
150 miles south of San Francisco, in the Coast
Ran— Mountains, at an elevation of 1000 feet.
The climate Is soft and balmy and free from
fogs. Soda, sulphur and iron springs. Hot
plunge and tank baths: delightful grounds:
comfortable hotel; annex and cottages: good
hunting and fishing; grand scenery; lovely
walks and drives. Special rates to families oc-
cupying entire cottages, or invalids <"r others
remaining more than one month. Trains daily
from Third and Townsend st. depot, 9 a. m.
(Pullman to Soledad. thence seven miles by
«tage to Paraiso.) Round trip, $«. For further
information address J. PERRAULT. M.D., Pa-
ralso Springs, or city office. 131 Sutter ft., S. F.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS.
THE best Deer Hunting. Mineral Waters,
Baths and accommodations In Lake Coun-
ty can be had at Highland Springs.
Fall terms, $10 to $12 pec week. Come while
the hunting is good. J. CRAIG, Manager.
Byron Hot Springs
RHEUMATISM
Cured by the Hot Mineral Baths-
There Is Nothing Like Them Known.
Address A. BETTONS, at the springs, or
call on LOMBARD & CO., agents, room
80. 22H Geary Ft. -
FAMOUS GILROY HOT SPRINGS
R ROBERTSON, FOR THE PAST FIVS
' years at Paralso Springs, Proprietor and
Manager.
Bath* and water an ABSOLUTE CURE for
Rheumatism, Kidney, Liver and Stomach
Trouble.
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets
daily 9 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
For pamphlets address R. ROBERTSON.
PLANTATION HOUSE,
EIGHTEEN MILES FROM CAZADERO, ON
i-tage line. Good trout fishing, plenty fruit,
cream and milk; free conveyance for parties of
two or more; grand redwood scenery. Address
J LUTTRINGER, Seavipw, Sonoma County,
or apply E. KRUSE, 107 Front st., 8. F.. for
particulars.
SAMUHL SODA SPRINGS.
JR. MORRIS. PROP., NAPA COTJNTT,
• Cal. .' -ire cure for dyspepsia. Indigestion,
rheumatism and constipation; hot mineral
baths. These springs are located !in Napa
County. 20 miles 'east of St. Helena. The water
Is bottled at the springs and contains its own
natural gas. Stage leaves St. Helena.
BOCA HOTEL.
FINEST HUNTING AND FISHING ON THE
Truckee River; pleasant sunny rooms; good
boating on lake; boats free to guests; prices
reasonable, $8 to $19 per week; special rates for
t amines. W. J. MCDONALD. Manager.
JOHANMSBERC,
FAMILY RESORT AND OUTINU PLACE
in the midst of the Napa Redwoods, Mount
Veeder, 3100 feet. Large lake, boating, swim-
ming, hunting, fishing. Terms, $6 to $10 per
week. Send for circulars. JOHANNISBERG
RESORT, Oakville. Napa County. Cal.
' fruit was passed around during the even
! ing. There was a good attendance of the
'choppers and ot their lady relatives and
friends and for their entertainment there
I wag , - a programme that included
cornel ■ M- J- Orr - |!S rytO K e
solo by Avit La MaUle. comical ties by
Kelly and Marlowe. instrumental music
by Hvman and Guttman and a .cakewalk
bx mm Ruby Cameron and Miss Aimee
! Huffman, the champion juvenile cake
i ?alk"« of the Pacific Coast. The even
! In! was a most enjoyable one.
BOBBED A SICK WOMAN.
William Col°man. a noted petty larceny
thief is again locked up in the City
Prison About a week ago Coleman was
released from San Queuiln. after navingp
Mrved a term ot one year for a second
conviction of petty larceny. He managed
to eet acquainted with a woman wno
lived at 220 Third street, who. it is said,
fell desperately in love with him. A snort
time afterward she became 111 and Cole
man had her sent to the City and County
Hospital. Yesterday Coleraan visited r.er
room on Third street, and after collecting
her wearing apparel, wear to a s- ■ ■
hudstoreon Howard street, wh-r
attempted to dispose 01 the articles. Dd
tpctive Tom Ryan happened to eßter
place while Coleman was negotiat:- .
the "ale of the wearing apparel be',
to the woman, and he placed n;m ur. if
arrest. At the City Prison he was eha-f
ed with petty larceny, fourth oftens<
viction of which insures Coleman a.
term in the penitentiary-
Easy to open
Easy to digest
Extra Pale
It is- the perfection o
the brewer's art. Al-
ways uniform — alwajs
delicioUS. Qu*r*>ptnt> t hali-pl*
Year tro«r or Hlepl««fi»-Wt««-X44.
Csdifornla Bottliagr Co.
1407-17 Eddy St.
SKftGGS'HDTSPRiNGi
SONOMA COUNTY; ONLT 4% HOUI3
from San Francisco and but 8 miles' •-.»-
-ing; waters noted for medicinal virtues: bet
natural bath In State; swimming and boatlir;
grand mountain scenery; good trout streams it
door; photographer's room, telephone, tei-
graph, dally mall and express; FIRST-GLAS3
HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE; morning a."l
afternoon stages; round trip from San Fra-
clsco only $5 SO. Take Tiburon ferry at ~t'A
a. m. or 1:20 p. m. Terms. $2 a day or $12
week. References, any guest of the past far
years. Patronage constantly Increasing — lat
year unprecedented. J. F. MULGREW, Pro.
../ETNA SPRINGS.!
No fog, no mosquitoes, but sunshine, brm><
Ing air and mineral waters that banish rhev
matlsm and bladder and kidney troubles.
Rates. $10 to $14 per week; S. P. to St. He-
lena at 7 a. m. or 4 p. m.; private rig ft
springs; round trip, $7. Apply W. L. MITCH-
ELL, Aetna Springs, Napa Co., or J. H. SIMP-
SON, I. O. O. F. building, San Francisco.
SARATOGA SPRINGS, saw'
Up In th>e mountains, near the
lak.es and in the heart of Lalca-
County's mineral belt. Take
train via UklaS.
ROUND TR1P....«9.50.
J. MARTENS, Prop.— City Offlee, 416 Pins Strot
INDEPENDENCE LAKE. |
A Churning Spot to V.sit This Sosuair.
BOATS FREE TO GUESTS. FINE FlSH-
ing. Excellent table. Clean beds and care
fnl attention to patrons. Climate perfect. 81*
teen miles from Trucke*. In the heart of tin
Sierras and surrounded by magnificent trees cf
an unbroken forest. The Ideal spot for fami'.ia
because It Is dean, no poison oak. no petti
And pure air and pure water. Address MfH
H. M. CLEMON3. Independence Lake.
LAUREL DEL
LAKE AND HOTEL.
Q. LIMATE SCENERY. ENTERTAINMENT
V/ none better In Lak« Co.; gas Indoors aid
cut - H. WAMBOLD.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS!
WO TRAINS DAILY. 7:30 A. M. AND 4 P
t)R£W JACKSON. Kapa Soda Springs P. O.
BLUE LAKES HOTEL
WILL BE CONDUCTED IX a QTTTF"
*» homelike manner, with one of the b«.-
tables In the county; $10 to »12 per week Hou-i
trip. $9 £0. S. F. and N. P. to Uklal thence ■•
FERNDALE SPRINGS RESOBTg? at
ing spot rest, health; perfect atmospherertraln
to Martlnei, stage to hotel. Office 630 Market
A rfn^- ei iV emen an be accommodated on a
ranch: first -class hunting; free drives; good
accommodations: terms per week; railroad
G^-e W 6 C f,r nt at SSSS^cSSSE %S7~*
...DO WOT...
Be Without
"THE CALL"
During Your Vacation.
Subscribers to "The Call" visiting- UN
country, seaside or springs during the Sum-
mer months can have "The Call" sent to them
for a week or longer by prepaying for sam*
at the Business Office or by order throujii
carrier.
,_ n . ...TERMS...
15 Cents.. ....pen Week
85 Cents pet . Month
+OSTAOE PREPAID.OF THE
\V BAT CITIES
TEACHERS' PAY
IS TIED UP FOR
SOME MONTHS
Colgan's Suit Is Not
Yet Filed.
RESPECTS DALTON'S VIEW
CASE XAY BE TAKEN TO THE
SUPREME COURT.
-y-Seven Thousand Dollars This
Alameda County Cannot Be Re
leased Until the Law Is
Passed On.
Oakland Office Ban Francisco Call.
S
"■ .
a poor show of drawing
■everal moj
! Attorney Gen*
rod the suit broug
n against Ass
■ : L in t
ramento County. T
—Mr. Da.- -
■ ■
-
It was generally supposed that the suit
had been filed and that it would be speed
ily brought to trial, but Mr. Colgan said
yesterday that it has not yet reached
that stage.
"If Mr. Dalton believes he has a right
to those commissions." said Mr. Coigan.
"I do not blame him for trying to collect
them. My Interpretation of the law 13
different from that of Mr. Dalton. I can
not see where he has the slightest legal
claim to the commissions that he claims
are his. I have had the statute construed
for me by several attorneys and the At
torney General, and their judgments ail
] armonlze.
"I: Is but a small matter, a little over
$500, but the question must be. determined
once for all. If I do not take eosrnizance
of the matter now in a short time there
T .\<l\. be other commissions claimed by
Mr. Dalton, and by paying his first de
mand I would be making it more difficult
to withhold payment of the second. It
is to be regretted that there is a differ
ence between us, but we each have the
r;sht to our own opinions. It is compli
cating the finances of Alameda County
and preventing a settlement with tha
£tat>?. and it will probably be quite a.
I >ng while before the suit Is finally de
termined. Should the sing part de
cide to take it into the Supreme Court
this complication between the State and
Alameda County may be vrolonged for a
: sax. I have SST.OJO ready to pay the
t. >unty for its school fund, and the Treas
urer of Alameda has $132,000. which should
I c ra.!d to tho State, but we neither cf
1:3 can close up our business."
H ■
■
■ -
■ ■
-
-
■ • law.
101 fund ;• B
■ h«*r3
EXTRADITION PAPERS
FOR F. H. CHEESEMAN
ELAND. Sept. 2.— District Attorney
Alien, after a consultation to-day with
Dr. Gardner of the Napa In?ar.e Asylum,
and Attorney General Ford, relative to
taklr.gr steps to bring- Frank 11. Cheese
man lack from Keli, Montana, has deter
mined to prepare the original extradition
papers. It Is Attorney Allen's opinion
that the insane murderer of Henry
Brooke should be turned over to the au
thorities at the Napa Asylum, from
whence he escaped.
Cheeseman, It appears rmm latest ac
counts, was arrested In Muntana on a
charge of petit larceny. He became ex
cited at once and declared that he had
killed a man in Oakland and had escaped
fr >m an ir.sance asylum. Hence. it was
that the Montana Sheriff telegraphed to
Sheriff Rogers for photos and descrip
tion.
r* • i
\ New sharp prices, on\
goods you use, every day.^
Soda Crackers 3lb car- A
a ton 13ci
"; Neatly packed— frrsh from own. \
fGinger Snaps lb 6c\
0 Crisp and snappy; usual price ice to 15c. 9
0 Cocoa nut Tally lb Scf
A Chance for everybody to buy taffys; A
" usually «>old i=;c to ax. r
Royal Baking P'wd'r..lb 39c f
f Regular price 45c. 0
Price's B'k'g P'wd'r..lb 30c
A Which ever you like— Dr. Price's A
V or Royal; price is right on both. ▼
fCube Sugar 18 lbs $i
A Pure caae crystals, made by Spreckel.
iSHced Peaches.. cans 25c
1 Ripe and richly sugared; \
0 usual price 10C W
Cocoa. can 20c
A Regular price 25c Q
Evap Cream A
a 2 cans 25c
\ Claimed to be superior to fresh milk \
0 or cream, being thoroughly stcralircd.^
iPrcss Matches pkg 3£c
\ Diamond Match Co.'s latest A
0 improved— to a package. f
Tamales 4 cans 25c
A Kapp Si. Street's. A few minutes A
¥ heating and they are ready to
A sen-e; glad to sell you any quantity. A
ARye Flour iolbsk2oc
Cornmeal " 17c
I Whole Wheat Flour 18c
steel cut " 30c
4Graham Flour " 18c^
i ßuckwheat Flour " 30ci
\ Quick sales keeps our f.tock of meals \
0 fresh; prices ought to interest you. f
f EIGHT SAVING STORES! f
A 735 Market St. 9.TT. Mil Polk St. 8. T. A
* IC<W Waehliyrtaa. O»k Bhattuck At, BerkelejT
A 9t,h k Waahiiijton. " Central At, Alamod* , ,
flUsth * l.nh At, " 7th k Wood^Oak f
@CMLftCB>
ALAMEDA NOT
VET SAFE FROM
THE EQUALIZERS
May Be Brought Up
on Tuesday.
DALTON'S FIGURES ARE HIGH
FOUR, TIMES HIGHER THAN SAC-
RAMENTO.
Chief Deputy Robinson Says That a
Comparison With Other Counties
Would Justify a Decrease by
the State Board.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
DOS Broadway. Sept. 2.
It is not altogether improbable that the
State Board of Equalization may spring
some surprises at its meeting next Tues
day. Last night the members could not
agree regarding the raising of the assess
ments of various counties, but there were
always three votes to raise Alameda 5 or
jlO per cent. "When Mr. Beamer positively
objected to having any county in his dis
trict raised, Messrs. Lou Crown and To
land refused to vote to raise any of the
counties, and there the matter was left.
Next Tuesday the State board will hold
its final meeting. One of the Equalizers
says that the assessments of certain
counties may be reconsidered, and that if
this be done Alameda will certainly be
one of these counties.
Th- Equalizers seemed to be of the opin
ion that Alameda should be subjected to a
small raise in order to equalize it with
San Francisco, which has been raised
many millions. The opinion prevailed that
Alanieda, Santa Cruz, Santa Clara Men
docino, Glenn and a few other counties
should be raised, but while some members
of the board favored raising counties in
other members' districts, they objected
to such a procedure in their own. This '
failure to agree resulted in all counties
not already passed upon being left at
their Assessors' figures.
A comparison of the assessments of Ala- ;
meda with other counties brought out i
some peculiar facts. In Sacramento city |
the most valuable property is assessed for
$320 a front toot. The most valuable prop- '
erty in Oakland reaches $1100 per front
foot, and experts declare that, if any
thing, a comparison of values favors Sac
ramento. Compared with Los Angeles,
Alameda shows almost as much improve
ment Luring the past two years.
Chief Deputy Assessor Robinson, who
appeared before the State board, says be
docs not believe any effort will be made
-to incrc-ase this county. "When I heard
some of the figures of other counties." ]
says Mr. Robinson, "I was surprised, and j
now I believe that much of the property i
of Alameda County is still over-assessed. |
There is no property in the city of Oak- j
land more valuable than the very best
property in Sacramento, and yet we have
several blocks of property assessed nearly i
double the amount assessed by Sacra
mento. This is surely not right, and there i
is need of a change somewhere. I think i
Alameda'- 5 assessment is as fair as any
assessment could be. We have taken into
consideration everything that could help
us in arriving at intelligent values, and
have not depended upon any particular
mortgage or deed of trust or considera
tion in a deed or appraisement. We have j
paid attention to all these, and also to the
earning capacity of properties, and I have
no hesitation in saying that no Assessor's
office could have acted more justly or i
more impartially."
PREPARING FOR THE
BIG POULTRY SHOW
Oakland Association Predicts the
Largest Ever Held on This
Coast.
Sept. i -x- meeting
: of the Oakland Poultry Ass iation will
• • Twelfth Btreet next
I day evening, ar.d it will bo the last 1
ir.g at which poultry* will be .;•
ail the available time will be r.
liter in arranging for the coming big
Th» premium ii c t ard catalng-u- •
:^h useful poultry ln
formation, pictures of public buildings
and businesa blocks, and will descrfbe
• ■ be ; ■ ry plants of A.
ty.
The County Supervisors have given
fir.a.:'.'ial ar.d th'">
inter, la r re< .prorate by advertising the
county a.s far as possible.
Los Ai.g»?les raisers have promised to
send a car load of poultry, and Oregon
and Washington will contribute a car
►■ach.
It Is predicted that the show this winter
will be the largest ever held on th»
An •■ffort will be made to have a b^nch
show in conjunction with the exhibit of
try, but arrangements in that direc
tion have not sufficiently matured to war
rant Its assurance.
BOOM IN OAKLAND
BUILDING CIRCLES
OAKLAND. Sept. 2.— Recent activity in
Oakland building circles borders on a
boom. Among the most important of cxm
■ ■ : iated Improvements are the follow
ing: The Eva estate is to erect a thr*e
story brick building on the south ?i<le
of Thirteenth street adjoining the Abra
hamson buiiding on Clay street. Mrs.
M. K. Blake has had plans prepared f ir
a two-story building fronting 2<jo •• ■ I
T-a Ifrh street adjoining I
\tending to Clay street. The James
de Fremery estate is about to er- 1
story structure fronting I<X) feet on
T\'.i?hington street adjoining the M
temple. Oliver Ilawes of Los Ans^les is
having plans prepared for a two-story
buiiding to contain tivp • ;i the
with rooms above, on the
southwest corner of Thirteenth a:
ferson stret-ts, opposite the Hotel Metro-
Sxcavatlon has commenced for
L. HL Briggs' foar-atory structure at the
northeast corner of Thirteenth and Clay
str>-> ••*.
MURDOCK'S SUIT IS
SUBMITTED ON BRIEFS
OAKLAND. Sept. The case of L. W.
llurdock against the Oakland, San Le
andro and Haywards Railway Company
for the recovery of damage* in the sum
of $274 and doctor's bills $25. on account
of Injuries sustained while a. passenger
on a car of defendant, was submitted to
Justice Smith to-day on briefs and taken
under advisement. The accident in which
ilurdock was injured occurred many
months ago. A baker's wagon was run
into near Elmhurst and the driver. O.
Steigler. killed. In the collision Murdock
sustained bruises that confined him to his
bed for about three weeks.
To Advocate Municipal Ownership.
OAKLAND, Sept. 2.— 7* he Seventh Ward
Municipal Water Works League was per
manently organised last night at Cam
eron Hall. The executive committee is
as follows: Chairman. H. D. Rowe; vice
president. Professor WalTace; ■ecretarr,
ea -J Welch; treasurer, Thomas A.
Downing; L. W. Forsting. EL Pascoe. Dr.
N K. Foster, L. J. Hardy Jr., C. A.
Thaver A. Fonte, James Presho. W. H.
G»egorv Wilber Walker. Dr. Ed Bradley.
A L. White, H. M. Cameron, B. H.
Welch Hon. Charles A. Samuels, Judge
John Yule, Professor H. Kower and Dr.
Shannon.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, IS:>9.
ALMEDA COUNTY.
UNCLE SAM TO
BE SWINDLED
BY SHYSTERS
G. B. Daniels Keeps
His Secret.
THOUSANDS WERE OFFERED
POSTOFFTCE SITE SCANDAL
AROUSES INTEREST.
Large Amounts to Be Added to Cer
tain Property Offered That Influ-
ence Might Also Be Liber
ally Rewarded.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
Broadway. Sept. 2.
The exclusive publication in this m mi
i Call of the fact that bribery had
:inection with the se
le< tiori of a postofflce site has aroused
• - - • ng the many realty
rs who h:r ■ ■ . sites to the
■ ■ i ent.
G. B. Daniels mad^> no reservation in
ent befor<- the State Board of
Equa ' plainly stated, while
ssed, that he had
::■- ■ - ( r the support of his
newspaper in to influence the
• the Government Mr. Daniels
name of the p irty
■ red htm the money, and this
declined to supply
further information.
In this evenings edition of his paper,
lirer, is printed the following:
>- 4
► From many points of view it was -4
►- a rather interesting session. A note- 4
► worthy point was the expose of cer- 4
► tain interested realty speculators to 4
► secure newspaper backing to assist -4
X them In their efforts to have the -4
► Postofflce Department at Washing- 4
► ton select a particular lite for the -4
y new Federal building for Oakland 4
*■ authorized at the last session of -4
► Congress. 4
► It was during the discussion mci- 4
►• dental to those postoffi •■<.■ sites 4
- that the State board was informed 4
y by the manager of a local paper 4
► that he had been offered $3000 if he 4
► would assist in selling a certain site -4
► to the Government. This Informa- -4
► tion took the pins from under -4
► Bramer's argument for fair valua- 4
► tions, for it was conceded that if a 4
►■ man could afford to pay such a 4
>• sum for being assisted in his fight, 4
>■ a great deal more than a fair valu- 4
► ation had been placed on the prop- -4.
► erty.
► -♦
This is not the first story that has been
published in regard to the selection of a
postofflce site. a few weeks ago Colonel
John P. Irish visited Washing-ton, and a
San Francisco newspaper published a
story to the effect that th-? colonel was in
the feast in the interest of the Centennial
block owners. This story was at once
positively refuted by Treasury Agent Rob
erts, who declared that in his report to
the Treasury Department not even men
tion had been made of the Centennial
property.
All kinds of rumors can be heard re
garding influences supposed to be at work
to sell the Government a piece of prop
erty for about twice its actual value, but
not until Mr. Daniels made his positive
statement before the State Board of
Equalization was anything definite known.
This evening Mr. Daniels said he had no
more information to impart other than
that the party who wished to secure his
co-operation had decided not to offer his
property to the Government. "And. in
deed,' 1 added ■•. Daniels, "I do not think
that the locality could possibly have been
cnosen in any event."
These developments will undoubtedly
cause the Government agent to very care
fully examine into the actual value of any
piece of property he may decide to recom
mend for purchase by the United States
Government
GOLFER GREENWOOD
SAVES A BOY'S LIFE
OAKLAND. Bept. 2.— During the pro
- of the golf tournament at the head
I of Lake Merritt this afternoon, a Bailing
canoe with "Willie" Beatty and a boy
! companion capsized in the lake in full
vi-w of the golf players. Beatty'a com
j panion proved a proficient swimmer a.nd
ed the shore B&feiy, but not .so with
• -ame exhausted and
tor help. George D. Greenwood, one
of the golfers, jumped into the lake and
i swam to the rescue of the drowning boy.
The Beatty boy, who is aged about lb"
! years, was brought to the shore uncon
scious, but reotorattv-s promptly applied
i revived him.
These Aro Licensed to Wed.
OAKLAND, Sept. 2.— County Clerk Jor
dan issued marriage licenses to-day to
the following: Adolph Shrank, aged 33
•a lUuiiT, aged 20, both of
San Francisco; Fred Dtlos Ball, 37 years,
of Oakland, and Martha Prltcharil. aged
34. of Los Angeles; Daniel Crosby. 26
years, of San Francisco, and Virginia
Gertrude Dixon, 25 years, of Warm
Springs; Lars Ericksert Larsen, 42 years,
of Haywards, and Hilda Vienholtz, 35
years, of Aiameda; Hans C. Rasmussen,
37 years, and Madeline MeCord, 3U years,
I>irin; Charles F. H. Wiedershelm, 31
yean, and Lilian Brooke, 26 years, Oak
land; Richard Michael Hamb, 24 years,
and Mabel Connell Moore, 20 years, Oak
land; He"nry Schonecke, 44 yt-ars. and
Barbara Lally, 41 years, San Francisco:
Frederick Henry Bullock, 33 y^ars, and
Annie Elizabeth Meyer. 30 year«. Oak-
John Maderos Brilliant. 26 year? of
Martinez, and May Silva, 20 years, of Oak-
Could Not Find Her Lawyer.
OAKLAND, Best. 2.— The divorce suit of
Jessie S. Mills against Benjamin F. Mills,
brought on thp grounds of cruelty recently.
was dismissed to-day and a new action
1.-gun <m thf> Mmp grounds. The plaintiff
.1 a substitute of attorneys, but it
is stated that she was unable to locate
h*r original attorney. B. K. Collier, in or
der to cecure his consent to the substitu
tion of George W. Baker. Hence the old
--ed and proceedings com
menced anew.
Assaulted by an Employe.
OAKLAND. Sept. 2— T. E. Stewart, a
teamster, residing at Thirty-fourth street
and Ttlegraph avenue, was treated at the
Receiving Hospital this afternoon for a
rated wound under his left eye madn
by a currycomb hurled at him by a man
named Hunter, who had been In his em
ploy and whom he had discharged this
morning.
May Go to Prison for Life.
OAKLAND. Sept. 2.— Abe Livingston
was trk^n from the City Prison to San
Francisco to-day by Detective Ryan of
that city, there to stand trial on a burg
lary 1 barge. He has twice been in prison
for" burglary and if convicted this time
will go to the penitentiary for -ife.
Labor Day in Oakland.
OAKLAND. Sept. 2.— Labor day in this
city will not be observed by any special
parade or exercises, and those who are
able will attend the big demonstration in
Glen Park, San Francisco.
ESTELLE HEARTT
WARMLY WELCOMED
o <— » .". o
♦• x—v AKLAND. Sept. 2.— The reception and benefit in honor of Miss Estelle "♦"
O II Cathrine Heartt at the Haywards Opera-house -was a social success. Miss c
♦■ I I Heartt is well known in Eden township, and its best society filled the "♦"
oil theater. Miss Heartt has for some time resided in the southern part of °
•♦■ v - - ' the State, and was the touring companion of the child pianist, Paloma "♦"
O Schramm. Professor H. B. Pasmore and daughters Mary, Susan and O
£ Dorothy, and Mrs. Ivy Wandsforde-Kersey assisted at the reception. Numbers q
: were also rendered by Miss Julia Kinsty, Miss Olive Allen and Miss Alma +
q Obermuller. Miss Anna Haas and Miss Kinsey were the accompanists. The o
♦■ opera-house was tastefully and generously decorated, and Miss Heartt's fine 4-
O contralto voice was highly appreciated. °
-♦- +
PRETTY VAGRANT IS
AM ESCAPED LUNATIC
ADMITS HAVING BEEN AN IN
MATE OF NAPA ASYLUM.
The Young Woman's Condition May
Lead to an Investigation of the
Methds of the Insti
tution.
OAKLAND, Sept. 2.— The mystery sur
rounding the pr •■ runette prisoner In
the County Jail who was arrested I>.
Deputy Constable 81 last night
on a charge of vagrancy because he found
■ • epinjr in a barn near Fruitvale
has been par I up. and if her
st-jry. told to-day, be true it may be
Incentive to a sensational investi...
second only to that which developed from
sures at the Agnews
Insane asylum.
The young woman's true name was re
vealed to I . - to-day through
mark.- - . : in the bundle
she carried with her. On a small
of her skirt is printed In ink the
Mary Hen :. ■
identified by John Lynn, a pris nei at the
County JuO. a- ; sim
placed on all clothing of inmatta of the
- lum at Napa.
When confronted with this fact the
young woman frankly admitted that the
mark disclosed her true name and that
she had been an Inmate at the
m. which fart wa= la
beyond all doubt thr
munlcation wltl ■ man's hi:-
Joseph Hennemann. who is i-rnpl'>\-
Andrew- Wllke's mechanics planing null
in San Francisco, and the secretary at the
Naj - Asylum. The. latter stated that the
: m wu.i discharged frum the asylum
last June.
Although now believed to be mentally
unbalanced Mrs. Hennemann will be de
tained to-night at the jail notwithstand
ing adequate quarters for such cases are
provided at the Receiving Hospital, and
ht.-r husband promisee to ;ake her to his
home In San Francisco to-morrow.
The young woman is in a delicate con
dition—a fact revealed through an exam
ination conducted by the prison physk ian
this evening. This condition, she inti
mates, was brought about while she was
an inmate at the asylum, but she refuses
absolutely to discuss names or circum
stances.
ALAMEDA COUNTY
NEWS BREVITIES
OAKLAND, Sept. 2.— The wedding of
Bfisa Lilly Le Noir and Albert C. Will
iams of Santa Barbara will take place ,
this month. The prospective bride la a
daughter of the late N. L. Le N'olr, a i
great deal of whose musical talent she |
inherits.
Captain C. K. King, chairman of the
vestrymen of St. Johns Episcopal Church.
has received a letter from Rev. Martin
X. Ray, the newly elected pastor of that
church, telling that he will arrive in this .
city to assume ''barge of the church In j
time to preach his tirst sermon on the first j
Sunday of October.
Ed Dougherty, aged 7 years, residing at I
166 Fifth street, was treated at the Re- i
ceiving Hospital to-day for a severe scalp
wound and lacerated nose, the result of i
being struck by a wagon of the Union Ice |
Company while he was playing marbles in j
the street.
Judge Ogden has granted a divorce to
Fanny S. Beardslee from Frederick W.
Beards! ee >>n :he grounds of desertion and
failure to provide. The parties wt-re mar
ried in October. 1879. The homestead in
Berkeley was awarded to plaintiff.
J B. Campbell, W. H. McKenzie and !
E M. Freeman filed an appraisement to
day of the estate of Susan Amanda Wig- ,
giriton, showing a total valuation of $8116, j
representing stocks and realty located in j
Alameda, San Mateo, Tulare, Kings and
Kern counties.
Mrs. H. Arena. Mrs. A. B. Bennison,
Mrs F H. Barnes. Mrs. Borchers. Mrs.
Bunnell. Mrs. J. A. Bliss. Mrs. E. E
Brang? and Mrs. A. W. Burrell will re- ;
rpfve the members of the alliance and the j
other ladies of the Unitarian congregation
In the parish house on Monday, Septem
ber 4. from 3 until 5 o'clock.
In the sensational suit of Sarah Rose i
against Alfred D. McN'evin and others,
wherein plaintiff seeks to recover $300 ?he
paid for the furnishings in a lodgir.g
heuse. the rooms of which she claimed
stuffed." and to cancel a note for
$4<v> given in payment of the balance of
purchase price, defendants filed a demur
rer to-day on the ground of insufficiency
of facts to constitute a cause.
WILL WELCOME VOLUNTEERS.
Open-Air Reception, to Be Fallowed
by a Banquet.
ALAMEDA, Sept. 2.— The committee ap
pointed by the general committee to de
vise plans for the reception of Alameda's
volunteers met last evening in Judge St.
Sure's courtroom. The committee decided
to have an open-air reception on the spa
cious grounds of R. R. Thompson on
High street, the grounds having been do
nated for the occasion, to be followed
by a collation held In Armory Hall, which
the boys of Company G have offered free
of expense. The guests of honor of the
occasion will include the Alameda volun
teers who were ordered to Vancouver, as
well as those who have returned from
Manila. The boys from Manila, the mem
bers of Company G and the general com
mittee., escorted by a band, will leave
Armory Hall at 7:30 p. m. and march to
the grounds, where the exercises will be
held. An intermission* will be held for
the purpose of allowing the citizens to
form the acquaintance of the soldier boys
and for general sociability. A procession
will then be formed, headed by the band,
and followed by the Hers and citizens
will march to Armory Hall, where a col
lation will bo held. There will be an
abundance of red tire, fireworks and all
that which goes to make a celebration a
success.
. ♦ .
Alameda's Health Board
•A S^pt. 2.— The regul.ir month
ly* meeting of the Board of Health w;is
held last Dr. Brown reported
that The ambulance was now fully
equipped and may be called out for emer
r privat ises through the police
a. Fur oth< r than emergency cases
$1 SO per hour will be charged for the use
■
: tnittee was instructed to com
merce a^r: si a dairyman on Ev
nue, unless
ordinance fixing the
number of cows that may be kept on an
undivided tract of land of specified size
within the city limits.
A ting Health Officer Smith's report
aber of cases of contagious
" the month of August to have
■ ; deaths nftee: i ing a
montl ■ - J • ■ " popu
latioi r leatb rate of 11.28
per i •■■ of popn ation, i here were seven
teen births :■ tring August seven
male~ and ten females. Five births in July
were reported in August.
■ ♦ .
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA. Sept. 2.— Rev. C. E. Rich of
the Santa Clara-avenue Methodist Epis
copal Church will request the Bishop of
the conference the latter part of this
month to be assigned to another church,
owing to his wife's 111 health. Rev. Mr
Rich hopes that a change of climate will
prove beneficial to her.
Rupert Bremer, Al Forbes and Hugh
Thompson, three boys ranging from 14 to
IS years of age, were arrested this morn
ing on a charge of cruelty to an animal.
The youngsters had been amusing them
selves by tying cans to a dog's tail.
Mrs. Elizabeth Gerrlsh. wife of Henry
A. Gerrlsh of 1545 Benton street, died at 2
o'clock this morning after a short illness.
Deceased was 40 years of age and had
been a resident of California for twenty
years.
The Lades Missionary Aid Society of
the German Lutheran Christ Church elect
ed the following officers at a meeting held
last evening: President, Mrs. A. Huch
meister; vice president. Mrs. H. Betten:
treasurer, Mrs. John Lubben; correspond
ing secretary. Mrs. William Lleben; sec
retary, Mrs. E. Gottsteln.
Mrs". Elizabeth Draco died yesterday at
the home of her daughter, Mrs. Gus Dora,
1162 Broadway. Deceased was 57 years old
and the mother of Mrs. Gus Dorn, George
W. and Charles E. Bennett.
» ♦ ■
Oakland Gets a Big Contract.
OAKLAND. Sept 2.— The Phoenix Iron
Works of this city has secured the con
tract for making: the cost-Iron window
frames and doors for the new San Fran
cisco Postofflce building, the contract
price being $48,000. The Phoenix Iron
works ar>> ownr-d by Thomas P. Henne
berry and he has been given two years'
time in which to complete his contract.
Fumigating ohoe Last.
A shoe tree which fumigates the in
terior of the phoe, while it also holds it
in shape, is a : c sanitary novelty for
which John S. Busky of New York is
responsible. The lc.:t is made of wood,
in three sections, to permit of its inser
tion into the shoe easily. The forward
and lower part of the last is hollowed
out, the bottom extending to the sole,
so as to allow the bottom of the shoe
to be acted on by the fumigating liquid.
The interior of the shoe form la loosely
filled with cotton, in the center of
which is a reservoir to contain the
fumigating material, and this is filled
by means of a tube leading to the top
of the last, the tube being capped to
secure the contents. A bulb is also im
bedded In the top, by mean 3of whiuh
the fumigating material is forced
through the cotton. Holes through the
top part of the last permit of the fumi
gation of the uppers of the shoe as well
as the sole.
Association of Ideas— "l'm looking for a
man that's in business somewhere along
this street." said the perplexed stranger,
"and I've forgotten his name. Had it at
my tongue"s end five minutes ago. Say,
what's the name of that suburb this side
of Evanstor. ?"
"Buena Park?" hazarded the policeman
whom he had stopped to question.
"No; that isn't it. Isn't there another
one?"
"Edgewater?"
"Edgewajer! That's right!" deMghtenly
exclaimed the stranger. T 'Got !t now. The
name of the man I'm trying to find is
Banks. Know him?"— Chicago Tribune.
'^jw^min?
MERRY DISPUTE
OVER THE WILL
OF GOCHNAUER
Widow Slaps at Pub
lic Administrator.
A QUEER OPPOSITION FILED
TAPPAN TURNS LOOSE HOWIT-
ZER OF HUMOR.
JCrs. Gochnauer Declares It's None of
Hawes" Business to Meddle in
the Estate cf Her Deceased
Husband.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, !
908 Broadway, Sept. a
The petition for letters of administra
tion on the estate of Philip Goehnauer,
who died supposedly intestate at his home
in Alaineda on Augrust 16 last, Sled by
Public Administrator ii. C. Hawes I
through his attorneys. Snook & Church, !
has stirred up a hornet's nest apparently,
and to-day a most peculiar opposition to
the proceedings taken was hied by the
widow, Mrs. Florence A. Gochnauer !
through her attorney, R. B. Tappan.
in the opposition Attorney Tappan turns i
loose bis howitzer of long-suppressed
humor, mingled with Indignation, upon
the Public Administrator tor nosing in
business that he claims do« - not concern
him. The objections to this county offi
cial's steps are set forth in the opposition
as follows:
That the Public Administrator has
no legal right to interfere with the es
tate of said deceased, smce dtcea.sed
left him surviving a low. The Pub
lic Administrator is as much bound by
law as any citizen of this common
wealth is and he is bound to respect
section 1301 of the Code of Civil Pro
cedure of said State, which provides
that if a person named in a will as
executor neglects for thirty days to
file the will and petition for Its pro
bate he may be held to have renounce*!
his right to letters. Whether or not
deceased left a will Is of no concern to
the Public Administrator, for deceased
left him surviving a widow, who has a
right to attend to her own business
without outside interference.
It had been stated that the deceased left
a widow and two children surviving him :
and residing near the Catalina Islands, ,
and concerning this statement the opposi- |
tion recites:
The widow of deceased denies that i
she eevr saw the island of Catalina,
but admits that she has seen what is
known "as Goat Island; that did she
reside at the island of Catalina she
would not be disqualified from attend
ing to her business in connection with
this estate, for the widow believes the
said island to be within the jurisdic
tion of this court.
The widow further, through the in
strumentality of Attorney Tappan's
howitzer, alleges "that she has resided
in one house in Alameda continuously
for twenty years last past, and her
residence is as well known in her
neighborhood as is the residence of the
Public Administrator in his neighbor
hood and if the Public Administrator
would have expended 10 cents for far
fare he would have learned the facts
about the family of deceased and
hence he would not have been obliged
to file a petition for letters herein in
which he sets forth that he knows only
that deceased is dead."
The Widow Gochnauer asks that this |
court throw the proceedings out of
court "because of the unreasonable
interference of the Public Administra
tor- that when she gets good and ready
—a.-i the law permits— she may petition
this court for letters and to take such
steos as she may be advised."
" FLORENCE A. GOCHNAUER.
Widow of deceased, of sound mind,
qualified to attend to her own affairs.
Public Administrator Hawes declares
that he used no undue haste in applying
for letters on August 26. and that he pro
poses his petition shall be heard in court
unless a will is filed. If there is a will he
is at a loss to account for the delay in its
I
GRAND PRESIDENT OF
B'NE B'RITH COMING
HEAD OF THE ORDER ON AN OFFICIAL VISITATION
SSICHEL. grand president of the Independent Order of B'ne B nth,
accompanied by D. S. Cohen, the srand orator of the order, will corre
to thi? city from Portland. Or., for the purpose of making official
visitations to the local lodges and then start from here to ->ther
■ points in the State. On the 10th of the month they will be in the city
of Stockton, where they wi!! visit the lodge there and on the following day
they will reach this city, when they will be received by v committee of the
grand lodge. That night the Monday nignt lodges will assemble in their re
spective halls in the B. B. building: llodln and Occidental indues will
assemble in Cosmopolitan Hall, Ophfr and California in Benevolence Hall,
Pacific in the Ladies' Parlor: Golden Gate in hall of the Bear Club, and the
Youths' Auxiliary in Social Hall. when, at a given signal, ail the lodges will
form In procession and march into the main hall, where there will be a joint
meeting and addresses by the visiting crand officials. The present grand or
ator is said to be one of the most eloquent speakers that has ever filled that
office. After the meeting the visitors will be entertained by the local lodges.
On the following night the officers will visit the lodge in Oakland and
will, the following day, return to this city to spend the day of Atonement
here. After the religious ceremonies, they will go south to visit the lodges
in that part of the State, and on their return trip will visit the lodge in San
Jose: go to Sacramento for the purpose of official visitation there, and then
return to Portland. Later in the year the grand president will visit tbe
lodges in the other portions of the jurisdiction.
i / OF THE )
UDAyCITILSI J
THE BERKELEY
FRANCHISES MAY
CAUSE TROUBLE
Proposed Moving of
Local Depots.
RESIDENTS WILL OBJECT
MANY BUSINESS INTERESTS
THREATENED.
Grave Consequences Likely to Follow
if the Berkeley and Dwight Way
Stations Are Finally
Abandoned.
BERKELEY. Sept. The Southern
Pacific Railway Company and the resi
dents of the university town are likely to
soon come to a serious clash. It promises
to be the old story of monopoly coming
in the guise of benefaction and then
abusing the confidence reposed in it.
A month afro C. P. Huntington applied
to the city for two valuable franchises.
He proposed to extend the Telegraph
avenue line now connecting Oakland and
Berkeley so as to cover the best part of
the city's residence and business sections.
The line waa to leave Telegraph avenue,
run down Bancroft way to - tattuck av
enue and along SJiattueK avenue to North
Berkeley. At the time of application for
these privileges some distrust as to the
railway company's motives was enter
tained, but they had no weight with the
Board of Trustees. That body granted
what was asked for within the shortest
time allowed by law.
It now appears that this sudden move
on the part of the Southern Pacific, so
eagerly forwarded by the City Fathers, is
but -..-. step in the direction of a precon
ceived plan whereby the whole traffic of
the university town is to be completely
revolutlonizt 1 without consulting the
wishes of the residents. Having given
away their franchise, the city is beginning
to see through the erne which it is
proposed to force- upon it.
The railway company's plan is said to
be as follows: It will first of all do way
entirely with the depot now known as
Berkeley station, on Shattuck avenue, be
tween Center street and University av
i enue. A new depot will be constructed
: somewhere near the point where Bancroft
way runs into Shattuck avenue. This new
depot will be the terminus of the local
train connecting Berkeley with the Oak
land mole. Traffic between the new sta
tion and North Berkeley will be carried
on by means of the new electric line along
Shattuck avenue, for which the franchise
has just been granted, the new station
being the" point of transfer.
The second change looks toward doing
away altogether with what is known as
Dwight-way station at the point whera
Dwight way crosses Shattuck avenue.
This will leave no stopping place for the
local train between Ash by avenue and the
new station to be built near Bancroft way.
It is asserted that no more serious blow
to the business portion of the town than
this could have been thought of. Berke
ley has but two small business centers
one near Berkeley Station, the other near
Dwight-way Station. Both depend for
their business largely upon the presence
of the two railway depots. The contem
plated change on the part of the Southern
Pacific will have for its principal -iff*
a shifting of the trade center of the town
for a distance of several blocks. It means
that the best business property of the
city will shift from its present location
to the region of Bancroft way and Shat
tuck avenue. The dealers already estab
lished in the neighborhood of Center
street and Stanford place are not slow to
see the imminence of the danger which
will threaten their prospects and they
will fight the move, to the end.
The removal of Dwight-way station
will fall heavily upon the merchants of
that district as well as upon the exten
sive residence section of the city, which
extends for some eight or ten blocks up
Dwight-way and on the streets surround
ing.
The first step taken by the Southern
Pacific in attlpnpting to carry out this
scheme will be the signal for a lively con
troversy between the city and the rail
way monopoly.
1516
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Franolsoo
Call. corner of Market and Third ("tracts, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 3:SO o'clock.
800 ii .-. • .-• strent:open until S:SO o'clock.
633 McAllister street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
61E Larkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
IMI Mlsilon Ftroet; open until 10 o'clock.
22C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 5 o'clock. v
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o clocK.
MSfi Valencia stroet: open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner r.r Twenty-second and Ken
tucky ntroet*: open until 9 o'clock.
CHURCH SERVICES. -j
i a^ The ST7JANC3EPS*, Sabbath Howe
I 3 (64;) Howard St. Methodist- Episcopal
I [I Uw'idi Bet. iJ &,d Sts. Seats Hree.
jj'< jl j.\. Dr. .' hn A. B. Wilson. Pastor |
Kit « liTjl Res. by the Church. Tel. Black o6x.
30.i/.*4-i: Aflrafortabie seal )
$}f*NJii A r,{J" r "" r;i% E r ' >1 ' tln ;.•'•■ •>•«•
aiKaliS Uvr.j; ,i .*.■■,■■■■•> • i
|-tt' _ji3-rr v a M. — "Rebuilding." Offertory,
'_ ; ewJM'J" i soprano ;..,-. Mrs. Sadie b. :
BRIjIKSSWwH M-.-Ciunie; 7:80 p. m., Installa-
JJdl'rJiJSfili-i;! Hi . Of .' pworth League oinceris:
rennon, ■•The Opportunity of Young People"; 1
barytone. nolo by Mr. Ancon Hilton. i
CALVARY Presbyterian church, corner Powell ;
and Geary sts.— Rev. John Elemphill, D. D., 1
. nastor. Services at 11 a. in. and 7:45 p. m. I
in the morning the Rev. a. S. Chapman, '
D. D., will preach, topic. "The Golden Op- |
portunity <>f the Golden State"; topic in the ;
evening, "What People in Obscure Positions
Can Do." 'Te 1 ieum" (B i'.^t i, William |
}ii>._-d ; offertory, "My Faith 1- Its Up to i
Thee " Lachner Eassoford; solos and Quar- I
tet. Music in the eyening— "Jubilate D-o" ;
<E flat) Arthur Foote; offertory, "Abide | ;
With Me." Llddle: alto x-.10, Mrs. J. E. Blr- ;
mlngham. All are cordially Invited. I
FIR^T Presbyterian Church, corner Van Ness I
nve. an.! Sacramento st.— Tho pastor. Rev. ( :
Robert Mackenzie, I. i > will preach nt 11 ,*
n. lr. a.:ul 7:45 p. in.: Sunday-school nt ',:•*. |
].'. m.: V. P. Si C. E. at 6:30 p. m. ; prayer ,
meeting Wednesday Bt 7:45 p. m^ :
ST PAUL'S Church; CuHtfirnta St., near Fill- '• '■
, norP _-K^v. w. Maxwell Reilly. rector: Rev. I
a c. Wilson, assistant. J!<ily communion. }
7:M a. m.; Sunday-school, 6:45 a. m. ; litany 1
service, sermon by the rector, holy commun- i
ion, 11 a. m. evening prayer an.l sermon, |
7:30. Music by t!ie vested quartet and chorus ■ ,
choir; organist^ A. A. Rar.kin. ]
GRAOE~m7 E. CHURCH, cor. Twenty-first and ; ,
C«pp ets.. R.n-. J. N. • ■•;'. D.D.. pastor—
At :: .i in., our reffular bi-monthly eommu- I
nlon service The communion aidrers will be |
delivered by Rev. n. W. Pi X a. hi. Sunday- j
school at 12:45 p. m.; also installation ot oin- i
«en> Intermediate I^atrue meeting at 6:30
p. m. Kpwonh LenKue at 7:30 p. in. Seats :
j rP *». Ail nre cordially invited.
CENTRAL Metliolist Episcopal Church; Mis- ]
S!on St.. between Sixth and Seventh— Dr. j
Charles Edward Locke, pastor. At 11 a. ni. j
Dr. Locke will preach; subject, "Not ;
Ashamed of the Gospel ot Christ"; Sunday^!
school, 1 p. m., R. V. Watt superintendent. I
■\t 745 p. m Rev. Dr. J. W. Hamilton of r.
New York will assist the pastor. Everybody |
invited. j
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and j
Mason sis.— ::-■ George i . Adams, D.D., ;
pastor, will preach morning and evening;. 11 1
a. m. theme, "'Responding to the Call of
God," followed by communion and reception !
of member:*. 7 A', p. m. theme, "Balancing Ac- I
counts.*/ All an- cordially Invited. I
BEVENTH-DAT Adventist Church; 914-916 La- 1
guna ?t.. between .McAllister and Golden i
Gate aye.— Elder J. O. Corlisa. pastor. Ser- ;
vice*. Sabbath (Saturday). Sabbath school «
nt '.t:45 a. m. Preaching at 11 o'clock. A |
FPr j es O f discourses ■ •■!■>• Sunday evening.
Subject to-night, 'The Everlasting Gos;:»l as
Fulfilled in Prophecy." Tuesday evening,
lecture on ".'Hydrotherapy." Wednesday even- ;
Ing, midweek Bervice. Thursday evening, lee- |
ture on '.'Consumption,',! by Dr. E. H. Matt- j
ner. Seats free. All cordially welcome.
FIRST Unitarian Church, southwest corner of j
Geary anil Franklin stw.. Rev. Horatio Hteij-
blns, I.D.. minister emeritus— Sunday-school
in 10 a. in. ■ Morning service Rt 11 o'clock.
Rev. J. T. Sundeiiand of Oakland will occupy
the pulpit. All are cordially invited. Com-
munion Bervice.
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist. Central
block 223 Sutter <•'.., bet. Kearny und Grant
aye.— Christian science liible lesson ut 11 : ,
a m.: KUbject, "Substance," Sundayschool
f,,-- children at the rani- hour. Wednesday
evening meeting at !> o'clock. All are wel-
come. !
THE First Divine Science. Church, M. E. Cra-
m-r, pastor: discourse at LI a. m. ; subject,
" \nd Ged Said": services every Sunday In '
Yosenvite Hail, Native Sons' building-. Mason .
St.. between Geary and Post; tuk-» elevator. ;
ASSOCIATION Atiditcrlum, Mason and Ellis
Ms.— Mass meeting to-day at 3 o'clc-k for
men only; fourth address In the series by
Rev. L. .1. G;itver. subject, 'Jean Valjean, or
h Character Study in Conscience." All young (
i-.i<-n invited. N.-.i Saturday evening Dr.
David Starr Jordan will give an Illustrated :
lecture nn "The Enchanted M^sa of Acoraa"
lit the Association . lltorium : this lecture
rpen to the. public.
lr.* the coming art I I I I I
h< lldays hv Rev.
M. M Golden .it tho LARGE opera hall, cor- ;
ncr Grove and J.^'una sts : tickets nan be
lirrt nit above hnll nil Jay TO-DAY: also at : .
115* GoWon Gcte aye. ; tickets. Si and 51 5.0. j :
THE Theoeopbieal Society, • -nipht. In Fra-
ternal Hall, Odd Fellows' building, corner .
S.-venth and Market sts. — Public lecture by ]
XV. 3. Walters on "Jesus and the Christ." j
Inquirers' nicotines Tuesday, i p. m.: Thurs- |
day. 2:30 r>. m. Lotus Circle for children, 11 ; •
a. m. each Sunday. :
MEETINGS — Sunday.
A FREE lecture this evening, S o'clock, on i
"Personal Magnetism, Its Philosophy and
Development." by Dr. J. l tepew Kergan (of
Drs. K. and K/s Electric Sanitarium) at
Crystal Hall, Pythian Castle, 909 Market Ft., .
followed by magnificent art views. Those ■
unending this lecture may procure free tick- :
eta to the wonderful X-ray exhibition on ; :
Tuesday evening next. j ■
AT DR. RIXES' Spiritual Society. 909 Market
St.— Free, II; 2-4, n collection; Mrs. Seelej', I
Vipers, Davlson, Katie Hussmann; all tests;
social and entertainment Sept. 6, 1899, 909 ]
Market st.. Wednesday, 8 p. m.
SPIRITUALISTS' State Convention, Odd Fel- |
lows' Hall. Sunday, 1 p. m.'; 12 eloquent !
speakers; at 7:30 p. m. W. C. Bowman and
Mrs. E. L. Watson will speak; good music;
admission free.
DR. CYRUS R. TEED (Kore.sh) speaks this
afternoon, 102 O'Farrell St.. 2:30 o'clock; also i
Tuesday and Friday evenings at 8 o'clock. J
Admission free.
SOUL culture meeting to-night. 521 Turk St.; I
seance 7:3H; lecture, H. H. Brown; free; class
Wednesday, free: seance, Thursday, 10c.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing spirit messages to-
night. 605 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics; de-
veloping circle to-morrow evening, 25c.
ELECTRO-MEDICAL Society meets Sept. 4 at
Dr. Janney's, 406 McAllister: Mrs. M. D. Con-
rnd, physical culture; admission 10c.
LADIES' Aid dramatic entertainment and
dance, 305 Larkin n.. Occidental Hall, Fri-
day, Aug. 8; admission, We.
JOHN SLATER circle to-night, S:l5, at his par-
lors 1809 Stockton st., near Greenwich. Ad-
mission 50c.
MRS. HARLAND. trance medium; test circle
to-night; sealed letters read; 10c. 34 Sixth.
Friendship Hall. .',35 McAllister— Test meeting.
by Mrs. C. J. Meyer and others; 8 p. m. ; 10c.
KATIE HEUSSMANN'S sit tings dally, $if; I
cymbol: circles Frl. evenings, 25c. 641 Jessie.
C. STEERS. :i2'i Oak at.— Circle, Tues., g!
p. m. : Thum.. 2 p. m.; 250; readings, %i. I
C. V. MILLER'S ethereallzing, materializing
seance, 8 p. in.; 50c. 409 I-eaven worth' st.
TEST meeting. Sun.. 2 p. m., 8 p. m. ; 10c; 9A
Bth; H. A. Stltt. Bird, Virrars; others.
MRS. MENA FRANCIS. Independent slate
writing medium. 118 Height st.
EDWARD EARLE'will hold a seance to-night. i
SV< Ellis st.: 2r.c. ,
MEETINGS — Unlreraal llrotherbood.
THE Theosophli il Society In America— -Lecture I
t"-r.l»;i-.t. "Wagner end the Art Work of the
Future-." International Brotherhood League
Tuesday r.ltrht. subject. tarn ■;•• and Mor- •
als." Academy of Sciences Hall. 81» Market.
MEETING NOTICES. j
UNITY Lodge No. 131. I. O. O. F.— ._fii_..
Members are requested to attend '
the funeral of Brother A. D. Me- '^55SSR3^
COLL, TO-DAY (SUNDAY). 12:30 '^71*^* !
p. m.. at the hall .Sixteenth and Valencia '
sr«. WILL J. FRENCH. N. G.
';. I, STMP?ON. Rco. Sec.
URTCKLAYKRS' International Union of call- !
fornla Ko. In i»t« first and third MONDAYS
01 each month at : '...'.< Mission st. !
■ 1.1 .. i
ATTORNEYS AT LAW. . j
ADVICE free; R. W. King, nttorney at law.
sixth floor. Chronicle building; no advance
chorees; ' .Ms. mortgages, damages, Httach- •
ments, bankruptcy, all cases; wills, contracts, j
eU.. ;!rfvv:n; moderate fees; call or write.
VAGUIP.V; A: GALLAGHER— James G. Ma- ,
?uire lex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-'
ifh««r (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their lav.- offices to the Parrott build- i
!nc. 525-SSG Market st.: tel. South 215. [■
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private; j ■
no fee without success; collections. G. W. j
HOWE, any at law. (SO Market, cor. Stocktn.
L. S. CLARKTEmraa Spreckcls building, 927
Market: consultation free; no fees In advance.
J. R. PARKER. 916 Market fit., room 67; advice
ittt; charge low; business pushed. " •
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
NAGLE & NAGLE, Attorneys-at-Law, Emma
Spreckelg building. 927 Market st.
t ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market St., opp. Mason.
CHEAPEST nnd bent in America — The Weekly
Call. 16 paxes; sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for Jl,
pontage paid.
ACCOUNTANTS.
S. K. BALLARD. 401 Cal. St.. designs, audits &
adjusts accounts for corporations & firms; ref.
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange. .
COLUMBIA bicycles rented and sold at Al-
len's Immense bicyclery teaching. Academy I
Hall. SOsIOO feet: pairing. J960 to 1974 Page.
BOAR)) AND ROOMS.
HOTEL FAlRMOUNT— Strictly first-class; 1714
Market Ft., S. F. Cal.: American and Euro-
pean plan; elegantly furnished rooms. single J
or en suite; board and room. Jl per day up; |
cukes without beard. $1 per day; single rooms, j
fOe: Fpeclal rate's by month, also to tourists.
FRUITVALE; J»rlv. board: extensive grounds.
Incl. orchard; Hopkins House, Hopkins and
Fruitvale aw, cars pass. Ad. Diamond P. O.
EDDY. 611— Newly furnished sunny rooms:
board optional; home cooking; bath.
GEARY, MS Handsome suite and bath; front
garden; separate entrance.
LAS PAL.MAS. JS2O Market— Parlor. 2 bed-
rooms. hUltable for 4; private; bath: board op.
O'FARRELL 742— Clean, comfortable rooms;
good home cooking; special rates to sen's.
PERRY. 174— Nicely furnished room, with bath; j
also board If required. -"
TWENTY-THIRD. 8723— Sunny bay-window
parlor, folding bed. to couple, with board. ,
In small private family; warm belt: Mission;,
terms J45 per month; Twenty-second-st. cars.
.VAN NESS. 712— Large '■ sunny front room for
housekeeping; reasonable.
A WEEK'S r.'ivs for 5 cVnts— The Weekly Call.
1C pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
WANTED— to board: home comforts; |
large sunny yard. Call or address, 515 Eighth ,
st., Oakland. |
LADY would ilke one or two children to take ]
care of at home. ty s Oak Grove aye. j
BOARD AND ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED — By a lady, one or two carpeted ;
sunny rooms, with or without board. Ad- 1
drees box 2475, CclX i
YOUNG Eastern man desires board in a strict-
ly private family: st:ite terms and full par- :
ticulars. Box 2219, Call.
FIRST-CLASS board anil 3 rooms in private
family for .-: persons. Apply box 24CS. ■'«'.:.
ROOKS — SEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged. i
Holmes Book Co.. 704 Mission St.. near Third. .
m ' '■
BUSINESS CHANCES.
RESTAURANT doing good business: party j
(_ ire full Investigation or trade for lodging j
house and pay; money to lend. EITEL, lUOSV2
Market St. ______ |
CALL and see n:y lists of line bL-sinevs propo- |
sltlons: fine paying restaurants, ! dee houses, :
saloons, groceries, hotels, city, country mer- j
chandise stores for sale and exchanged;
money loaned on furniture at I' 4 per cent. :
EITEL, IOObVj Market St.
PHOTO gallery and supply store ? lOti [
Furniture store; good business 600 j
General merchandise store; country town 2500 1
Stei m laundry business; country town ltH.'O
Three saloons at bargains.
To locate in business and make safe invest- !
nit-nts call or write
PACIFIC COAST EXCHANGE.
Room 3. K'o7 1 *; Market Bt., near Sixth. j
$1050— GROCERY, bar and coal yard; best lo-
cation.
Sliw— Grocery and bar; cheap rent; good
business. •
JCW— Grocery, no bar; many other chances.
GERMAN-AMERICAN, ': : Kearny st.
$550— SALOON; best bargain In the city on nc-
count of sickness. MCLAUGHLIN .*. CO.,
777? i Market st.
$225— CANDY an.l Ice cream parlor. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO.. 777 1 -j Market st.
NOTICE Having buyers willing to Invest in a
legitimate business. HEALY, '.''7 Market st.
PARTNER wanted In a very profitable manu- ;
facturing business; article covered by patent:
Biiods Fold for rash; experience not necessary;
J2OCO required: part to be used In advertising;
will bi ix investigation. Box 2484, Call.
$400— PARTNER wanted in a saloon; good I
stock; paying business: partner preferred to
other help; not absolutely necessary to have
experience In this line, but mum be a trust- !
worthy man. 632 Market st., room 6. j
1125— HALF Interest in young folks' weekly: j
home built for subscribers quarterly; great I
scheme. Call or address 11. ELDRIDGE, 516
Commercial st.
WANTED— To buy half Interest In carriage and
wagon shop by a carriage blacksmith. Ad- ;
dress box 24M, Call office.
$650— SACRIFICE; pork sausage and delicacy,
store: full stock; living rooms; worth SKMJO.
Apply at 106 Ninth st.
FURNISHED dining room; fine location: good j
patronage; part of fixtures for sale; heap.
Box 2472. Call. j
$300— BAKERY; must be Bold to-day; stock and '
furniture; on account of retiring. 302 Sacra-
mento st.
SMALL capital; one of the best businesses In ;
America. J. R. PARKER, !'J6 Mark-t, r. 67.
CIGAR and stationery store; large business;
long lease; low rent: living rooms. 236 Third.
BRANCH bakery, candy, notions; 2 living- '
rooms; want an offer. 806% Filbert st.
FOR SALE— Bakery and delicacy store. 2017 !
Sixteenth St., near Howard.
$700 — MILK route; 66 gallons per day; 3 horses,
1 wagon and buggy and cans. 313 Langton. i
A BARGAIN— Grocery and bar, cheap; living ;
rooms. .1. RAHN, 219 Eleventh st. !
AVOOD and coal yard, 2 teams: sales Lv tons
monthly. BECK, 935 Market st. i
WANTED— lnterest in quartz mine; have a
new. latest Improved 2-stamp mill; will put ■
up mill on good developed prospect: state full j
particulars. Address box 2000, Call oftice.
WOULD rent a lain of 100 cows for half the i
_ Income. JOHN KGI-I. Ocean View.
ELECTRICIAN and locksmith's shop: gT^od
location; no agents. Address box 2471. Call.
WANTED— Partner In printing business. 344 I
McAllister st.
1000— CIGAR stand and candy store; good cor
transfer point; Invesgt. Cor. Post and Taylor.
ACROPOLIS chophouse, Sutro Heights; cheap;
going to Europe. No. 5, half block from bath", i
WHOLESALE ami retail wine business on i
Market St.: established 9 years; steadily grow- i
Ing bar and family trade; domestic reasons
for selling; intending buyers with reH<.y cash
ad.dret-3 for particulars D. E. N.. box 3203,
Call office; no agents or trlflers.
PORK and delicacy store below cost account j
of sickness; 4 sunny living-rooms. Apply lit!
Seventh st.
FRUIT and candy store; doing good business;
good location; proprietor sick; terms reason-
able; trial given. Address box 3225, Call.
WANTED— Capital to back manufacture of I
automobiles, gasoline motors, etc. ; have fa- j
cilities. Box 2401. Call.
RESTAURANT near Sutro car house for Bale
cheap; sickness cause. 3021 Clement st.
FOR SALE — Laundry route; good horse and
wagon. Address box 2437, Call.
FOR SALE— good paying branch bakery and I
coffee parlor. Inquire at Sid Larkin st.
SALOON; $350: 12 Seventh; fixtures alone worth
price asked; selling account of sickness.
ROUTE on evening paper for sale cheap. In- i
quire 1923 A Howard st., bet. 7 and Sp. m. I
PAYING barber shop cheap for cash: sickness
cause of selling. Box 2435. Call office.
SALOON and lunch house. 150 First st., cor.
Natoma, or 224 Front St.; no agents.
BAKERY' and delicacy; suitable for man and
wife; good location; cheap. Apply Call.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO
V. CASWELL & C0.'8\412 Sacramento Bt. '
PRIVATE hoarding house; 15 rooms; all full-
_ north of Market. Box 1341. Call office.
GOOD paying Inside route for .sale; this "paper. !
Apply Call office.
FOR sale— Good paying Inside route on this '
paper. Apply Call office.
BARGAIN— Meat market; $200; splendid local-
)ty; cash business. Apply owner. 506 Castro.
A WEEK'S news for .'■ cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING. i
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beatlr.g Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
4-3 Stevenson St.; tel. South 225; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. •
tel. Main 354. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; te]. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
st.: cleaning, 8c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate are.; tel. East 126. [
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1899.
CARRIAGES AXD WAGONS.
100 RETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folgom st.
ALL kinds Of wagon?, buggies, carts, harness.
etc. cheap. LAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
~ CLEANING COMI'OIIXDS.
UTTcA^^Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; »J^ 8 «* I J_**i e *!SCvJ__S'
cure fcr poison oak. SAMUEL RKYMOUK,
Agent. Office and factory. 21 Spear st.
CLAIRVOYANTTS Nl^J^^^^^
MRS. DR. LARK,
the well-known trance medium ana clalr-
vovant may be consulted on all affairs of
life While entranced she will reveal every
hidden mystery; she will show yon how to
overcome your enemies; remove family trou-
bles- restore lost affections; unites the sep-
arated: recovers lost, stolen or buried prop-
erty; locates treasures and minerals; tells
your entire life. past, present and future, i
while in a perfect trance; perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail; send stamp for circular ,
•with special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
10J3H Market St.. near Sixth. Always consult j
the best. '
MME LANCE the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future; never falls: has the greatest i
Egyptian secret: shows picture of future hus- ]
band or wife; fee, 25c and up: satisfaction to
everybody: lucky numbers. 1167 Market at.,
bet. "Seventh and Eighth.
MME PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
sight- diagnoses disease; full life readings;
ladles, f.iV: gents, }:; sittings, $1 50. 128 Turk.
MME WALTERS, the great card reader; ladies
2."c. gents 60c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sun.
MRS SANDFORD .TOIINSEN. Independent
slate writer, 126 O'Farrell; seance Thurs. aft.
BEST clairvoyant; fee 25c. 349% Minna ft..
near Fifth. ;
YOUR fortune told by cards, 2.'.c; dally. 10 a.
m. to 10 p. m.: Sun.. 7 to 10 p. m. 105 Larkln. j
MME HANSON, card reader and palmist:
past, present, future; 25c. 14 Sixth st., r. 1..
GYPSY life reader, returned .with renewed
power In spiritualist reading. 25c up. 5 <th. ,
AN hnn'-?t medium: truthful messages or no i
charge: readings _ 969 Hayes st. I
MME MOREAU, the best medium nnd card i
reader: ?5c up. 78 Fourth St., near Mission,
MRSC J MEYER. 335 McAllister, tests daily ex-
cept Wed. Sat.; 2 & 8 p.m.. sittings dally.
MME RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth at. .
jI M F SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future h«:s-
bond's picture. 25c: ladles. »M O'Farrell st.
MRS. J. .1. WHITNEY, trance test medium, i
life reader, medicwl i-ialrvovant. '-'"L' Stockton. ,
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st. <
COTTAGES TO LET.
ABOUT finished, modern S-room house, choic- |
est location: also modern cottage 6 rooms; i
lots 50x150; easy terms. Apply 1518 Mozart !
St.. Mastick Station. Alameda.
COTTAGE ■"■ rooms and bath: first-class condi- (
tion; gas; $16; large yard. 8824 Nineteenth st.
FELL', "S7 — Cottage. 3 rooms; large yard and
basement; rent $11. i
SUNNY cottage, f. and 6 rooms: corner flat of :
7 rooms, bath, gas; cheap. 1376 Fifteenth st., ,
near Dolores. I
$11 — COTTAGE, 4 rooms and basement, large
yard. -2 1 .. Rlngold st., bet. Eighth and Ninth.
DENTISTS.
X-^rT~T\~sT~HIGGINS' dental parlors, 927
Market st , over Cafe Ztnkand— extract- |
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas ;
<r chloroform: also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the best and most artistic j
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold .
fillings from $1 up; other fillings from 50c;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and ■
filled' or crowned without pain; plates that lit ]
from $4 50 up- flesh colored plates from $3 50 \
up; teeth without plates a specialty; open
evenings and Sundays.
A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry. j
Synol on application to the gums, removes
the pain: see our flesh-colored plates, thinner |
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a'plate; fillings. 6Uc: crowns, $3 B0; plates,
full set, $5; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 801 Mar-
ket Bt, cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
J5 M up: plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of- ■
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
IP, GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.. ex-
tracts an.i fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, S2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3: received 8 first
prices; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 ears: lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market St.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market Et.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOTTNG, IS4I Polk ist.
MEYER, 6 Turk: Deutseher Zahnarzt; crown
and bridge work; open Sundays. 9 to 12 m.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Fillings. r,Oc up; crowns,
$.", up; open evenings. S",O Market st.
DRESSMAKERS AM) SBAUSTREiISKII
LATEST patterns Just arrived from New York
at McDowell Dressmaking School. 103 Po^t.
EDUCATIOXAL.
HKALU'S Business College, 24 Post St.. San '
Francisco— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, telegraphy.
English branches, civil and mining engineer- j
Ing, assaying, blowpipe, geology, mineralogy, I
surveying, etc.; electrical engineering — theory, I
practice, design, construction, mechanical |
drawing; 25 teachers: individual instruction;
200 graduates annually placed In positions; ;
students can enter for any course any time; '
no entrance examinations; new ISO-page cata- j
logue free.
A NIGHT School for Men. Y. M. C. A., Mason |
and Ellis sts.— Opens October 2. Business and
Industrial course— Shorthand, typewriting, '
bookkjeplng, electricity, mechanical and i
architectural drawing, German, Spanish, i
English, grammar, mathematics, elocution,
commercial law, physical culture classes, etc.
A membership privilege. Call or send for
school catalogue. Tuition within reach of all.
BRIGHT students to join special training class
of shorthand and typing at Ayres" Business
College; Miss Kafka, the winner of Examiner •
contest, whs pupil and secured position !
through us.
AYRES 1 Business College. 723 Market St., short-
hand, typewriting, bookkeeping, writing, Eng-
lish, telegraphy, under qualified teacher; low
rates; life scholarship. JT.O: catalogue.
A— THE Lyceum, accredited preparatory school
for the universities, law and medical colleges;
day and evening courses; references, Pres.
Jordan or any Stanford professor. Pheian big.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Kills system: sunny rooms; low rates: day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Markt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, inech. survey, assay, arch!. ; day and eve.;
est. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN. !<33 Mf-rket.
M. G. BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal), Instructs
In shorthand: pupils by mall. .102 Montgomery.
SPANISH In two months; dally lessons, $1 a I
wee.it. 4 to 9 p. m., room 10, fifth floor, Y. I
M. C. A. building.
SHORTHAND In two weeks, or a year's tui-
tion free; pupils by mall. Rm. 30, 122 Turk. ]
INSTRUCTION on piano and singing; special,
attention to beginners. 113?. Geary st.
PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory of I
L«ipsic; lesHons, 7".c. 320 Golden Gate. ay«.
SINGING, piano; Paris grad.; French. Spanish,
$2 mo. 530 G. G. aye., r. 5-7; hours 2 to 8.
LAW Schools. 527 Market, 8. F., and 505 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
MISS Guadaliipe Vallejo teaches Spanish and
English; competent: translations. 1512 Cal. St.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 305 Larkln St.. opp. City Hall.
BOOK KEEPING, arithmetic. writing;
day nnd night: terms low. 1024 Mission. nr.
EMPLOYMENT i OFFICES.
ORPJrIEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds I
help. GEO. OAKI, 30 Geary et. ; tel. Grant 56. 1
EMPLOYMENT "WANTED — Female, :
GERMAN mother and daughter desire a sltua- j (
tion as cook and second girl; good ref. ; city '
or country. MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter
St.; telephone Main 651.
FIRST-CLASS Infants' nurse desires situation;
best of ref. : city or country. MISS H. CL'L- !
LIN AN. 323 Sutter st. • .
-CLASS German cook desires situation '
city or country; best ref. MISS H. CULLI-
NAN, 323 Sutter St. •
FIRST-CLASS German second girl desires sit-
uation; best ref.: olty or country. MISS H '
CULLINAN. 323 Sutter st.
YOUNG woman (foreigner) of: education and
refinement wants position a3 traveling com-
panion or 1 nurse : and companion to invalid
Address W., 148 Sixth St., room 2. .
A RESPECTABLE lady desires position as
housekeeper; ■ small family; city or mining •
camp; references exchanged. 225 Golden Gate
avenue.
EMPLOYMENT "WANTED FemaIe.
SITUATION —anted by an American girl to
do housework and plain cooking in a small
American family; wages $20. 413 First st.
POSITION wanted by a trained nurse of large
experience' to take entire charge of infant
from birth or care for Invalid; good needle
woman; willing and obliging; city or country:
first-class city references; wages $30. Box
2477, Call.
A YOUNG lady, German, a good cook and neat
housekeeper, desires housekeeper's position.
Addre«s box 2474, Call.
FAMILY washing done cheap. 132 Church St.,
near Market, between 13th and 14th. -
YOUNG woman wishes work washing, ironing !
and houseeltaning; 75c per day; In private <
family. 1213 Union st.
DRESSMAKER with city reference desires few
more engagements at $1 25 day; suits reason-
able. Address X.. 989 Lombard st.
REFINED girl going New York wishes en-
gagement as maid or nurse to party going
, East: halt expenses paid. Box 2480. Call.
A SETTLED young woman as working house-
keeper; economical and good manager; good
plain cook; personal reference. Box 2479, Call.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged widow wishes a
situation as housekeeper in a small widower
family or take care of invalid; city or coun-
try. Call at 1032 Mason Et. MRS. M. WIL-
SON.
EXPERIENCED ladles' nurse with best of ref-
erence Wishes position. 1450 California at.,
near Larkin. ' ■
MAN and wife desire places in a family in the
city or country; good gardener and first-class
cook, understanding French, German and
American styles; best of references. Box
'■'417. Call. •
RESPECTABLE German lady, good cook,
wishes position as housekeeper. Box 2»5.. Call.
YOUNG girl wants place to do general house-
work. Call 223 Eleventh st.
GERMAN middle-aged lady, good cook and
neat housekeeper, wishes position; city or
country. Box 2493, Call office.
GOOD American woman wants work by the
day; cleaning empty houses: also carpet
cleaning and all kinds of work; fine worker:
jl a day and car fare. 276 Jessie St., near
Fourth, first floor, room 1.
MIDDLE-AGED lady i desires situation as
housekeeper or to assist In lodging-house or
take charge of lodging-house; Van give city
references. Address box 2495, Call.
A PRACTICAL lady's nurse wants engage-
ments; best of reference given; can raise ba-
by on the bottle. Address 15 Powell st.
GOVERNESS wishes position; refined German
young lady; 10 ye-irs' experience In teachins;
thorough musician; piano and vocal; also
German and English; country; references.
Box ':4jiS. Call.
ELDERLY lady wishes position in a private
family to teach young children. Call or ad-
dress 515 Eighth st., Oakland.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper and stenographer
having a knowledge of Spanish, wishes posi-
tion. Address M. EL, box 8462, Call office,
Oakland.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A YOUNG lady wants position as stenograph-
er and bookkeeper: will accept small salary;
wants practice. MISS KATIE BOSS, 622
Green st.
EXPERIENCED young lady, reliable, with
good references, wants position In Mechanics'
Fair: salary or commission. Box 2461, Call.
GERMAN woman wishes situation; general
housework or working housekeeper, 94 Tif-
fany aye., off Twenty-ninth and Mission sts.
GERMAN woman wishes plain sewing to do
at home. 821 Mission St., room 1.
GERMAN lady would like position as sales-
lady In bakery. Address box 10, 015 Larkin.
YOUNG girl wishes position to do general
housework In small family; wages $16 to $18.
1422 Devlsadero st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable: free 'bus
and baggae to and from ferry.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MaIe.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Orflce;
be«t help. 414U O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426.
FIRST-CLASS woodturner wants to set work.
Address Woodturner, 640 Minna St., clty. w
FIRST-CLASS painter and paperhanger wants
work by day or job. Address GEO. BO- j
HANNON. 632 Green at.
FRENCH cook, with best references, wants
situation In a private family or private board-
ing house; city or country. Box 2488, Call.
PRINTER desires situation on country news-
paper; mlKht buy interest. Address box 2492,
Call office.
YOUNG man wishes position in club, hotel or
restaurant as bead waiter, steward or cashier;
sober, honest and trustworthy. Box IMS)',, Call.
ENGINEER wants position; thoroughly com-
petent in fitting up, running and repairing; j
for city or mines; assayer, Including own I
outfit and transit; refs. Address box 2222, Call.
PA PERU ANGER and painter, young man
with best city references, will work cheap;
city or country; day or contract. ■ Box 2490,
Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a young man with ex-
perience In the cigar and grocery business.
Box 2233, Call office.
RELIABLE man wishes position as driver of
delivery wagon or a position as light team-
ster; best of reference. Box 2499, Call.
YOUNG man desires position with private
family; understands the care of horses; can
milk end tend garden. Box 2500, Call.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
, subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia at.
GERMAN, Industrious, first-class gardener;
thoroughly understands the care and propa-
gating of plants, greenhouses, fruit an vege-
tables, wants position; references. GAR-
DENER. 435 Pine st.
BOOKKEEPER and salesman. 15 years' expe-
rience, wants position; city or country: would
leave U. S. ; Manila. Mexico, anywhere; ref-
erences and bond. Box 2470, Call.
SOBER, strong, elderly man wants work; pri-
vate family; horses, garden; useful in gen-
eral: handy with tools; wages moderate; ref-
erences. A. X., Call office, Oakland.
SITUATION wanted by young man of steady
habits In wholesale house as bookkeeper or
assistant; wages no object. Address box 2434,
Call office. • _________
MARRIED man with family would like a situ-
ation on a email ranch or vineyard or or-
chard. JOHN EGLI, Ocean View.
YOUNG man desires situation; clerical or as
traveling salesman; good bookkeeper and
mathematician. Box 2467, Call.
A STRICTLY first-class licentiate plumber
with all necessary shop tools will work by the
day or week for property owner or estate;
reference. Address box 2455, Call.
SITUATION wanted; thoroughly understands
horses, garden and housework. Call or ad-
dress JULIUS KIECKBUSCH. ISOO Union St.,
corner Octavia.
SITUATION -anted in saloon, as bartender by
steady German-American; permanent posi-
tion more an object than wanes; reference.
Address 5 Rltch St., third floor.
ENGINEER In search of employment; under-
stands pipe-fitting and care of amalgam
plates. Address box 2436. Call.
SITUATION by young man taking care horses,
cow, garden: good driver; handy with tools;
references. Box 745, Call office. ■
YOUNG man would loan few hundred dollars
to secure employment, or invest in partner-
Bhlp Box 4SO. Oakland P. O.
SALARY no object; young man wants light
work around private place or roadside hotel;
can assist at bar lunch counter and do plain
cooking;; letters only. HARTLEY, care of
Mr. James Anderson, Milwaukee Insurance
Co.. 410 California st.
MAN and wife wisil situation; man is good
milker and understands care of horses; wife
good cook and housekeeper. Address box
2421. Call office.
BAKER and pastry cook wants situation In
good house; wide experience and Rood refer-
ences. GEORGE RTOLL. 781 Mission Et.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Cull. 15 pages, sent to. any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postam paid.
EXCHANGE.
WE can give you an exchange for anything you
have to offer, either a building lot or busi- '
ness, ranches or improved town and city '
realty: write or call with particulars of your
property. Pac. Coast Exchange. 1007 ft Market.
12 ACRES silver prunes, cherries, peaches, ap-
ples and nuts: beautiful home: good income:
exchange for lodging house. BECK. !>&'. Mkt. ,
—————————■————. w— i — ————————————————— ,
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician.
10714 Market Ft.. San Francisco.
FINANCIAL..
_^
WANTED— $3000 for a term of 3 years; will
give {12,000 security. Box 2101. Call. •
' FLATS TO LET.
A. M. SPECK & CO?, 667 Market St.
COTTAGES. FLATS.
731 13th; 6 r $20 522'Fe11; 3 r $13 i
3514 2«th; 6 r 14 ; 26? Clementina; 4 r. 12
1241 Sanchez: 6 ... IS 1374 1 * Stevenson; 3 rin
315 Jersey; 5 r 13 36 A Tehama; 4 r.. 10
4218 26th; 5 r 12 1 6488 Jessie; I r 10 ;
637 Jersey; 5 r.... 11 j 521 Linden aye.; 3 r i
A SUNNY middle corner flat; modern Improve-
ments. 1000 Webster st., cor. Golden Gate.
FLATS TO LET.
A LOWER bay-window flat; 4 large rooms,
bath, yard. 714 Franklin el., nr. Golden Gate.
BUSH I2o9V_— Flat, 4 rooms; rent $12. Apply
1211 8 Bush st. .
CLAYTON, . 572, south of Frederick— Modern
.sunny fiat, 5 rooms and bath: cheap.
ELEGANT bay-window; 6 sunny rooms: flat:
bath; rent reduced. 735 Minna St., nr 9th.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOW El A.
10 Montgomery st.
FLAT of 4 rooms and bath. 904 Minna st.,
near Tenth. ". .
I GEARY, 2225—2 flats; 5 good rooms and bath;
all sunny. ■
GREENWICH, 1424, bet. Polk st. and Van Ness
aye -C large "rooms, $18; 3 room., with stable,
$7. . ' ■
GUERRERO. 911 A. bet. Twenty-first and
Twenty-second— Fine sunny flat of 6 rooms
and bath.
HAVES, 571— Flat of 6 rooms and bath; $17;
water free.
HOWARD, 141SH— 7 rooms, 7 closets and bath;
cheap to good tenant.
JESSIE, 1454, bet. Thirteenth and Fourteenth—
Upper fiat; 3 rooms, hall and cellar; $11; no
children.
MASON, 1111— Sunny bay-window flat, four
large rooms, furnished; gas.
NEAR City Hall: 2 upper Bunny flats: 5 and 6
rooms. 25 and 27 Birch aye., off Larkin, bet.
Grove and Fulton. ■
NOE. fi°7-599, cor. Nineteenth — 4 rodms, $13 50;
5 rooms, 317: corner; water free.
PARLOR flat, 3 large rooms: hot and cold
water; large yard; rent $12. 523 Folsom st. _
REAR 4 rooms and stable; $10. Apply 261S Mis-
sion st.
SACRAMENTO, 1230, near Jones— s handsome
rooms.
SUNNY flat, 5 rooms, bath and yard: rent
reasonable. 3570 Seventeenth, near Guerrero.
SUNNY flat, 4 rooms; yard, water; $10: adults.
3 Lysett place, off Sacramento, near Jones.
SUNNY 7-room flat at 1129 McAllister; very
desirable; cheap to good tenant.
'THIRD. 417 V. —Latest improved flats; lst.Srms..
2 kitchens; 2d, 7 rms., one Kitchen; new build-
ing; both double bay-window sunny suits.
THIRTEENTH. 220. near Howard— Corner up-
per flat, 6 rooms and bath; $16.
TO LET— 922 Valencia St.. Mission warm belt;
upper flat: 4 rooms and bath; sun all day;
rent reasonable; good locality. '
TWENTY-THIRD.- 4073, near Castro— s. sunny
rooms; bath: large lot; $15; water free.
TWO sunny flats, each $27 50; 8 rooms and
bath. 689 McAllister St. ■
UPPER flat— 22 Reed st. ; 5 rooms and bath;
marine view; $20. Key 1325 Washington St.
2 CHOICE sunny flats: 0 and 7 rooms, bath;
sanitary plumbing. 1306-1340 Fell. nr. Baker.
$16— NICE flat 5 rooms, bath; healthy loca-
tion. 3439 Sixteenth st., near Sanchez.
$20— NEW lower flat. 6 rooms: porcelain bath:
tiled sink; fancy mantels. 2105 Jones st.
$30— 1801 MCALLISTER, cor. J?aker: modern up-
per flat: S rooms and bath; in perfect condi-
tion: rent reduced from $37 50. BOVEE. TOY
6 SONNTAO. 624 Market St.
FLATS TO LET — Furnished.
NEWLY furnished flat: 7 rooms and bath;
modern conveniences. 1145 McAllister st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TAPESTRY Brussel carpet sewed, laid and
lined, 25c to 50c; linen warp matting, ISc per
yard this week only. ! EASTERN OUTFIT-
TING CO., 1310*1312 Stockton st.
SEWING machine, parlor, bedroom, kitchen
furniture for sale this week. 2515 Mission st.
$150 BUYS h flat of six nicely furnished rooms.
921% Mission St., near Fifth.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
— _— — — - — — — — ■ — — — — — ■———_— — — — — - —————.
FURNITURE wanted.
1 2ND hand-Highest cash price paid. SS9 Mission.
II i: I.l' WANTED — Agentn.
MEN & women to travel & appoint agents;
salary $75 mo., expenses; rapid advance-
ment; brilliant opportunity. Address, with
ref., BUTLER & ALGER, New Haven, Conn.
AGENTS clear $30 weekly selling Dr. Worst's
New Scientific Catarrh Inhaler; sample in-
haler free. Ad. Or. Worst, Ashland, Ohio.
AGENTS to sell "Family Memorials"; good j
profits; steady work. Address CAMPBELL,
:;•:. Lowell St., Elgin, 111.
AGENTS wanted— lso per cent profit; special-
ties all homes must have. 111. Cutlery Co.,
Decatur, 111. .
LADIES to establish agencies in every town;
no canvassing; also city agents. Box 2497.
Call.
HELP WANTED Female.
™ ~ FREE FARE.
2 extra chambermaids, wait dinner, $1 a day;
2 extra waitresses, ?1 a day, Pacific Grove;
J> extra waitresses for Santa Cruz, $1 and
found; all to go next week; about five days"
work. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WAITRESSES, $20 each, \Dunsmuir, Tiburon,
Bakerstleld, Salinas, Healdsburg, Pescadero,
Madera; 5 waitresses, city, $20; 4 chamber- |
maids to wait, $20. C. K. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st. (
3 COOKS for private boarding-houses, city and
country; see parties here. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., IU4 Geary st.
40 COOKS, housegirls and second girls, $12 to
$30; German nurse girl. $20; girl lor general
housework, Salinas, $20. C. R. HANSEN _
CO., 104 Geary St.
HOUSEWORK— Belvedere, $25; Oakland, $25;
Mill Valley $20; SausalitO, $20: San Rafael,
$25; Santa Clara, $20; Napa, $20, and several
other towns. 20 housework girls, city. $15.
$20 and $25: 10 young girls to assist, $10 to
$15; 10 waitresses and chambermaids, city
and country, $20 and $25: 4 second girls, $20
each. MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st.
Telephone Main ('..'.1.
A BOARDING-HOUSE cook, $25, country, see
lady here Monday morning: boarding-house
cook, city, $6 per week. MISS H. CULLINAN,
323 Sutter St.
HOUSEWORK, Lincoln. $20, free fare; Ray-
mond. $20. free fare. MISS H. CULLINAN,
321 Sutter st.
WANTED— Waitress for institution, $25: wait-
ress, country hotel, $25; 4 waitresses for ho-
tels and springs, $20; 3 French, German and
Protestant second girls, $25; French seam-
stress and parlor maid, $25; 6 nurses and sec-
ond girls, $20; Protestant laundress, $30: 4
cooks, private boarding-houses, $25 and $30;
C German cooks, family work, $30; 3 Scandi-
navian cooks, $25 and $30; 75 girls for house-
work in city and country towns. $25 and $30.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter.
RESTAURANT waitress wanted. 631 Clay St.,
bet. Kearny and Montgomery.
WANTED Immediately, waitress. 459 Geary
street.
FIRST-CLASS talloress to work on coats; pood
wages. Apply 24 Montgomery, rms. 1 and 2.
YOUNG girl wanted .for general housework.
Call 1322 Masonic aye.
SEVERAL ladies . can find employment es-
pecially suited to refined women; answer Im-
mediately. . Box 2475. Call.
WANTED— Nurse for young lady Invalid:
steady employment. Apply Monday after 10
a. in. at SE. corner Scott and Green sts.
GIRL wanted to do light housekeeping; wages
$12. Call to-morrow 612 Stanyan st.
YOUNG girl for shooting gallery; $5 a week. I
Inquire at 403 Dupont St., jewelry store, after j
6 p. m. .
STRONG girl to assist In housework; 2 chil- ■
dren; good home; Protestant; wages $S. Ap-
ply 612 Elizabeth St., near Castro.
WANTED— girl as apprentice for ladies'
tailoring; paid from start. 944 Geary st. | :
OPERATORS on waists and a few young girls i
to sew on buttons. NEWBAUER.BROS., IS
First ft. ■
FIRST-CLASS finishers on ladles' "tailor-made ■
suits. 2012 Fillmore st. . !
"WANTED — for select millinery school;
class for fall work now forming: all mate-
rials furnished; terms reasonable. 506 Leaven-
worth st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va-
lencia st. . • . .
EXPERIENCED hands on ladles fancy neck- :
wear; good pay. BAUER BROS. CO., 21 •
Sanaome St.
OPERATORS on white work; good pay; steady
work. BAUER BROS. CO., 21 Sansome st. ;
WANTED— Young lady to Join trapeze team;
experience unnecessary. Apply MRS. J. ■
CAMPBELL, 420 Sixth St., room 24, between
6 and 8 p. m.
— Apprentice on vests: paid while ■
learning. 917 Market St., room 28. ]
GIRL wanted to do some upstairs work and
waiting. Apply 419 Brannan st.
GIRLS to learn dressmaking; ones living at
home preferred. 6 Eddy st.. room 96.
TWO intelligent and respectable young ladles ■
for office work; references required. Address
box 2234, Call. (
3 FIRST-CLASS finishers on custom pants and f
apprentices on coats. : 541 Market | st. j
YOUNG woman; good cook; $6 a week 25 '
Third st. I '
HELP — Female.
WANTED — and mangle girls. Contra
Costa Laundry, corner Fourteenth and Kirk-
ham. Oakland. ■ "
3 LADIES capable of office work; pleasant em-
ployment. 472Va Thirteenth St., Oakland.
YOUNG men and ladies to sell a beautiful !
chromo to soldiers; can. make $2 a day. Call '
at photo gallery, entrance to Presidio,, all this !
month. .'■■■.
GERMAN girl for second work and waiting.
Apply Monday, 1392 Geary st.
YOUNG girl or middle-aged woman to assist
In housework. 1049 Mission St., between
Twelfth and Thirteenth.
STRONG German girl for general housework
and plain cooking: 3 in family; wages $20.
%1 Golden Gate aye.
GIRLS to sew on buttons. 36H Fremont st.
LITTLE girl for light housework; good- home;
wages $5. 906 Minna St., off Tenth. \
WAITRESSES registered free at HOTEL GA-
ZETTE. 26 Montgomery St.. room 12.
YOUNG woman, light housekeeping; $8 month-
ly; one in family. Box 2466, Call.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit at
376 San Jose aye.
WOMEN and girls— Apply Immediately. CALI-
FORNIA CANNERIES CO.. LTD., Brannan
•t.. between Third and Fourth.
EXPERIENCED eanners wanted: apply Im-
mediately. CALIFORNIA CANNERIES CO..
LTD.. Brannan, St., bet. Third and Fourth.
. zznn
| GIRLS: GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS!
! LEVI STRAUSS * CO.. at 32V£ Fremont St.,
are putting in the very best sewing si.i-
rhlnps and will take In several hundred more
operators on overalls; good wages. Apply to
MR DAVIS.
AMERICAN man and wife, private family;
wile good cook, man all-around workman;
j references exchanged. Address CHARLES
AYMER. 116 Fulton St.
HELP WANTED — Male.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN 584S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT MONDAY FROM 7 A. M
26 harvest hands
$2 50. $2, $1 75, $1 50 day and found
$3 50 day. ..strong men to bale hay. ..s3 50 day
M farm, orchard and vineyard hands, steady
jobs, tor all parts of California, $45, $40,
$35, $30, $26 and found, come and see
14 milkers and butter makers —
$30 and $25 and found
CHOREMEN AND BOYS
26 choremen and boys for all parts of Cali-
fornia, Including in San Francisco, for farms,
stores, factories, learn trades, etc., $20, $26,
$25, $20, $15, $10 and found
I $3 DAY DRILLERS— HAMMERSMEN
$2 75 DA
BIG WAGES
25 laborers, fare 45c, no experience $00
24 teamsters, 4 horses, fare $120 $G0
26 laborers, indoors work, free fare $60
164 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, $3, $2 50, $2 and $1 75 day, come
MURRAY '&' READY.* * 634 * and* '6*36' "clay st*. * *
TO THE MINES
4 single-hand miners $60
2 laborers, same mine $52
36 laborers for different mines. ..$34 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
FREE FREE FREE TO
NEW R. R's.OLD R. R'sALL.R.R.BUT ONE
(the one we don't, ship to is Coast R. It.);
drillers, hammersnien, stone and concrete
masons, laborers, teamsters, section hands,
etc.; wages from $3 50 day and board and
lodgings $4 60 week. MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay St.
WE PAY YOUR FARES
WE SHIP MONDAY
to 39 sawmills and woods in California; 126
laborers (no experience required); YOU
WILL SUIT, wages $26 to $40 and found;
ALSO crosscut sawyers; tree fellers
lumber pliers, tally men, lather
and 60 other different places, from $SO, $70,
$•■". $50, $40, $30 and found
WE PAY MURRAY & READY,
YOUR FARES 634-636 Clay st.
FRUIT PICKERS GRAPE PICKERS
Men or boys (no experience required)
536 WANTED
$30 per month and found, SO to 90 days' job;
also men to work in wine cellars, packing and
drying houses, etc., fares from $1
..." OFFICE FEE ONLY $1
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
6 STONE and concrete masons, rubble work,
$3 50 day, fare $1 50; 6 laborers. $2 day, same
place. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
SUPERINTENDENTS AND FOREMEN
Superintendent for electric light company;
ranch foreman; 2 grading foremen. MURRAY i
& READY. 034-636 Clay st.
IN SAN FRANCISCO 53
teamsters and laborers for various positions,
factories, manufacturing companies, shovel
and other work, $2 'to $173 day. $40, $30, $26
and found; milk wagon, delivery and bakery
wagon drivers; 12 stablemen, city and coun-
try jobs, $40, $35, $30, $25 and found; can-
washers for dairies. $40; also hundreds of
other places. MURRAY & READY, 634-636
clay st.
A... MECHANICAL HELP
15 carpenters, S hours, free fare $3 day
9 blacksmiths and horseshoers
$50, $45, $10, $30 and found
carriage painter, cooper for winery, engineer,
mill bench hand, harness maker, upholsterer,
sand stone cutters, .wood turner, sash and
door maker, machinists, setter sawmill. $.'.,
$4 50. $3 50. $3. and $2 50 day. MURRAY &
READY. 6114-636 Clay st. v
ARE YOU MARRIED?
man as porter and assist at bar, wife to cook,
country hotel
3 farmers and wives. 2 milkers and wives
gardener and wife 4 cooks and wives
wages $50, $40, $33 per month and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
WOODCHOPPERS and tiemakers by the hun-
dreds. $2 50, $2 $1 50 cord, 12c each; tools and
food found: fare paid. MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st.
$1 10 PER 100 pounds: HOP PICKERS, men
and women, also families, Sonoma Co. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
FARE PAID SANTA CLARA CO.
12 laborers for a Manufacturing Co., $26 and
found. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay.
HOTEL DEPT., ETC
COOKS .... WAITERS .... DISHWASHERS
37 cooks $55, $43, $40, $35, $30 and found
32 waiters $35, $30, $25, $20 and found
64 dishwashers $30, $25, $20, $15 and found
5 cooks and wives $50, $to and found
6 porters $30, $25, $20, $15 and found
19 lnundrymen $35. $30. $25 and found
ice cream maker, $35 and found; 5 bell boys;
3 elevator boys. All the above places are at
hotels, restaurants, boarding-houses, mines,
institutions, saloons, camps, ranches, yachts,
etc. COME AND SEE. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay st.
BAKERS
First hand, 7 second. 5 third hands: also
boys to learn trade. MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st.
ALL discharged soldiers wanting work on the
coast railroad as laborers, teamsters or tun-
nelmen at going wages can secure It free of
any expense to the work. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
FREE FARE :
10 men to cut beet tops: no experience re-
quired; $1 10 a day and board; fee $1; call
early C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
FREE FEE FREE FARE
for tunnelmen, teamsters and laborers, $2 75
to $1 75 a day.
5 stonemasons, $3 50 a day; fee $1. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FREE FARE .7.
Teamsters and laborers for the Valley Road,
$2 a day. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
FREE FARE ,
80 men to cut beet top?, no experience needed, '
$1 10 a day and found; 2 months' work; ship
Monday.
i C. R. .HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED
Dennis Sullivan, the porter.
Charles Lasalle, the cook.
Robert Lee. the bellboy.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
BAKER and pastry cook, country hotel $43-
-bread baker, $40; cock, railroad eating-house,
$50: broiler, hotel, $45; vegetable cook, hotel,
$35; second cook, plain hotel. $35; potwasher,
hotel, city. $25; potwasher, country hotel, $25;
dishwasher, country hotel, $25 and free fare-
kitchen help, $25 and $30 a month.
2 waiters, same plain country hotel. $30
each: 2 waiters, mine boarding-house $25. C
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. '
FRY cook, country, hotel. $60; free fare.
Barkeeper, $40 ami board.
Bellboys, $13 and $10.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
4 WINERY hands, $1 25 a day ami board- far-
mer and wife for an orchard, $50 to $60: 2
• laborers for a factory, $1 75 a day milk
wagon driver, $30 and found; 2 section hands
$1 70 a day. board $1S a month; steady, c'
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
BOY wanted to run errands and 'clean metal
signs; $3 a week. Baldwin Jewelry Store
846 Market st. . Monday at 8 a. m.
YOUNG man who thoroughly understands
produce and commission business; state ex-
perleace and salary expected. Address box
3209, Call office. '
GOOD dishwasher. 269 O'Farrell St.: call early.
WANTED— 2 reliable men. Apply at 22 Post
et., from 7:30 p. m. to 8:30 p. m., 4th Inst. •
TAILORS to learn cutting; days wages to
start. Particulars, box 2455, Call.
■ ■ : " • • - . . - ■ . ' ■ '•
HELP WANTED Male.
WANTED— For private ranch near city, a man
to milk 5 cows, make a little butter and do
chores, good steady place. $22 50 a month and
increase; 3 miners. $2 25 per day; farmers,
milkers and others. W. D EWER & CO., 610
Clay st. • .
: WANTED— For nice orchard near city, a good
; American farm hand; see party in city; first-
class, steady place nt $23 per month. W. D.
EWER & CO., 610 Clay St.
WANTED— 3 men to work at harvesting in So-
noma County; 4 to 5 weeks' work at $1 50 per
day and board; good job. W. D. EWER &
CO., 610 Clay st.
WANTED — 3 carpenters in city housebuilding;
8 hours' work; $3 per day. W. D. EWER &
CO.. 610 Clay st.
WANTED
For State Institution, a young man to take
charge of boys; reference required; salary $25
per month, with board, lodging and washing
Apply to W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
WANTED— Errand boy for our office. J "y"
CROSETT & CO., BIG Sutter St. ' "
WANTED— goods salesman; work
Tuesday. Apply Monday, S. N. WOOD &
CO.. 718 Market st.
WANTED— Reliable young man with $75 cash-
sl2 to $15 a week: no experience required. Sea
owner, 27% Fourth st, room 7.
WANTED Good first-class cook; good refer-
ences required; first-class wages. Apply Com.
Sgt., Co. D, First N. D, V.." Presidio.
BOY wanted — Speaks German. JOHN
HI SHLER. 1336 Alabama St.
GOVERNMENT positions— Don't prepare for
any civil service or census examination with-
out seeing our catalogue of information; sent
free. Columbian Correspondence College
■ Washington, D. C.
COATMAKER wanted for country to work by
week; good pay. Call at 164 Jessie st. from
9 to 12 o'clock to-day.
WANTED ters at Goat Island]
CAMPBELL & PETTUS.
MAN -who thoroughly understands well boring
and drilling; state wages and references Box
2494, Call.
WANTED— A man to sell plants on commis-
sion. Call 600 Haight st.
WANTED— clothing cutter for
wholesale cutting. Apply Sunday morning.
18 Sutter st.
3 TEAMSTERS, 2 laborers. Fourteenth aye.
and \ st. south; take Kentucky-et. cars.
BOY IS years of age for packing house. 67-59
Union-square Market.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
YOUNG man and wife, good bedmaker and
cook. 25 Third St. . .
GRILLMAKER, cabinet-maker and young man
to learn trade. 211 Ellis st.
THREE men at once; those having made a
success of building and loan or Insurance
preferred. 472' a Thirteenth St., Oakland.
WANTED— An errand boy at 105 Fifth gt.
ELDERLY man to cook; small boarding house.
322 Main st.
GOOD cook wanted at 369 Hayes st.; call after
11 o'clock a. m. '
WAITER wanted. 8 Hayes gt.
FIRST-CLASS basters, also coatmakers, to
work by the day or piece: steady work. Ap-
ply S. N. WOOD, 718 Market St.
TAlLORS— Coatmakers wanted for Stockton
and Sacramento. Call at STEIN, SIMON &
CO.'S, Market and Second sts.. S. F.
— First-clase carpenter to buy lot or
cottage and lot and pay part In work. THE
MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market St.
WANTED— Strong, honest boy, about 14 years,
to learn mechanical trade; live home. Box
2465, Call office.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
FOR sale cheap— 2-chair barber shop and laun-
dry. H. BERNARD, 104 Seventh st.
BOY to work in bakery. 1510 Turk st.
WANTED— A cook. Apply at Manhattan
House, 825 Battery St.
OFFICE boy. 14 to 16. wholesale house; $3 per
week. Box 2438. CalL
WANTED— Laundry marker and to distribute
clothes. 1142 Howard st • . .
BRASS molder for light work. Apply super-
intendent THOS. DAY' CO., 725 Mission st.
HIGHEST price paid for cast-off shoes, cloth-
ing and tools. S. BERKOWITZ', 534 r'aelflc.
500 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly .damaged, halt
price. 562 Mission St.. bet. Ist. and 2nd sts.
GET' your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2nd sts.
THREE or four good hustlers: solicit from •
wagonS; salary or commission. 156 Fifth st.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade in eight
weeks: only Institution teaching the tonso-
rlal art: constant practice: expert Instruction;
lectures en dermatology; Sat., wages; position*
fuarantp<«d : call or write for illustrated cata-
ogue. Mohler's Barber College. 635 Clay st.
WANTED— Teamsters to drive scrapers; wages
$1 75 and $2; board. $4 50 per week. Apply
E. B. STONE'S camp, near San Pablo station,
on Valley Road.
WANTED — Laborers and 'mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 lares
rooms: 23c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
SAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe.
Hawaiian Islands, Manila. Alaska. New York.
W. LANE. Shipping Agent. 504-506 Davis st.
WANTED— Men to work In brickyard. South
Snn Francisco, San Mateo County.
4 GOOD solicitors; reference; salary. 800 Post
street.
GENT'S fine calf shoes to order. *2 50 up: sole-
lng, 20c to £sc; heeling, 15c up. 923 Howar* it
TRY our ISO meals; best in city. 40G McAllis-
ter j-t.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE, 13SU Eighth St.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attor-
neys, Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
MEN can learn barber trade for $5 at 1542 Mar-
ket st.: free shaving In students' department.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 15c and 1 250
per night. Lindell. 6th and Howard: read. rm.
SINGLE rooms, 15c, 20c. 25c per night: 75c, $1
to $2 50 week. Elcho House. S63^ Market st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
Vnttpd State*, nn?tnnM. tor $1 ■ per year.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc For Sal©
MULES— One car large and one car small
mules for sale; also pasturage for 1000 head
of stock the year round: a special field of
alfalfa. Egyptian corn and other kinds of
feed to fatten 500 head of cattle by Jan. 1,
1900. J. M. CANTY. Grayson, Cal. ■
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR sale— lS head of work horses from 1050
to 1600 pounds: from 5 to 7 years old. Apply
J. H. DUTCHER. Llvermore, Cal.
FAMILY horse buggy and harness for sale
cheap for want of use. 1222 Steiner St., cor,
Eddy. '
MUST sell-Six buggies and , harness; make
offer. 1831 Eddy st.
. — . — _ — i — ■
HOLSTEIN cow and calf for sale. Apply Four- .
teenth aye. and R. st.. South San Francisco.
FANCY carriage, saddle and road horses. DAL-
MEL. Veterinary Dentist. 605 Go.den Gate ay.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In th«
ITnttpd States, nostralf!. for M per year.
HOUSES TO LET.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
$27 50— 3-STORY bay-window house In good
order, with large yard and stable; 1829 How-
ard st. Apply to the owner, E. ROBINET,
411& California st.
GEARY, 639— Rear: sunny; all renovated; t
rooms and bath; 1 or 2 families; $20.
FINE house; 8 rooms, bath, basement; good"
stable. 1100 Shotwell st.
HOUSE, 6 ■■ ■ em; yard; $10 per month. Apply
JOHN I. GRAHAM, 431 Precita aye.
HYDE, 711, near Sutter — 2-story bay-window
house: 11 rooms; mod. imp. reasonable.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery it. . . ■
$11— HOUSE of sis rooms and bath. 725 Laurel
nve., near Turk and Buchanan sts.
HOUSES TO LET— Furnished.
LADY with large, nicely furnished house
wishes to rent part to respectable couple;
references required. 1131 McAllister St.
HVPJVOTISM.
-~ ■ » ~^-o—
POST graduate hypnotic school-hospital. 325
Ellis; fee with private room, board and
treatment. $13 a week.HOUSES — LODGING For Sale.
r~H~w7nSTON. 1026 MARKET STREET,
I_J RELIABLE BROKER
14 rooms: cor.; central; snap $850
15 rooms: cheap rent; only 800
32 rooms, corner; part cash 1200
41 rooms; Powell St.; elegant house 32 |)I J
WF. hav<» them to suit: genuine bargains: either
for cash or meats; we loan buyers money;
we buy lodging houses from owners: call.
Pacific Coast Exchange, 1007 Vi Market, we. 6th.
PHILADELPHIA HOUSE, 421 Bush St., opp.
California Theater— rooms; gas and water
in every room.
JULIAN aye.. 192, cor. 16th— Lodging house 11
rooms: all . .li,:- $130: rent $16.
LOST AND FOUND.
GREEN rookotbook— The woman who knocked
over a hat in order to cover stealing the
I'urpe, at Keith's opening, is known. Return
It Immediately to the nddress on card there-
in, or we shall prosecute. ALMA E. KEITH.
LOST— Pocketbook on Sutter-st. car, Thursday
night, reward by returning to 2530 Bush et.
LOST— Pearl screw pin; liberal reward If re-
turned to 530 Ellis st.
LOST— Black order book, going from Fourth
St. to Potrero. Return to 3304 Fourth St.;
liberal reward.
LOST— Flllmore-st. car Saturday evening from
Sixteenth, Valencia to Washington, bar opera
glasses, eye wee. Return to 520 Vi Valen-
cia st.; reward.
LOST— Knight Templar charm and buckle, with ;
nan. • of owner on same. Finder will be re-
warded by returning to DYER BROS., 119 i
Beale st.
$20 REWARD— Lost; black spaniel dog on Aug.
25, 1599; short tali. Above reward will be
paid by return to The Ormonde, 432 Califor-
nia st. RUBCONI & FISHER.
LOST— On Ellis, bet. Jones and Leavenworth.
black purse, containing money and papers.
Liberal reward at 309 Jones st.
LOST— Black water spaniel pup, 3*4 months
old. male. Return to 1313 Stockton st. and
receive reward.
LOST— Small mouse-colored dog. Reward at
872 Howard St.
LOST— Between Twenty-second and Chatta- '
nooga and Valencia st. depot, stick pin. ruby. |
four brilliant settings; liberal reward. 3162 j
Twenty-second st. I
LOST— White Japanese poodle, black ears and
black spot on back; reward by returning to i
3504 Seventeenth st.
STRAYED— White setter dog, black markings
over eyes. Write "Doctor," Hoseital. .Pre- !
sidio.
$5 REWARD for Information or return of small
female fox terrier; brown spot on back and
brown head; no questions asked. MRS. B. F.
GERMAIN, The Fairmount.
LOST— Electric seal fur shoulder cape, high !
collar, silk lined, on Encinal boat leaving
city 12:15 Saturday night last, from narrow-
gauge depot. Reward St. Helena Bazaar, St.
Helena. Cal. j
Southern Pacific pass, marked A. Kirk- j
wood, and papers. Finder will return them
to A. JOSUE, 30 California St.; reward $5.
LOST— Small black Cocker spaniel dog. heav- ■
ily feathered: has on nickel link and leather
collar; has been missing several days. Re- ;
turn to 1553 Market -• Liberal reward.
MEDICAL.
CrT WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea
and herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay St., San
Francisco; all diseases cured exclusively by !
Chinese herbs, over 3COO varieties being used;
advice free; hours. S>:3o to 11 a. m., 1 to 2
and 7 to 8 v. m.
MR? DH. WYETH. ladies' physician; con- i
sultation' free: hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to 3. 942
Post st., bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRsT DrT GWYF.R, ladles' physician. 510
E'idy st., bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. DR. DA VIES, ladles' physician. 122S
Market st.. between Taylor and Jones. 1
MRP. DR. KOHL, ladles' physician, 1122 Mar-
ket si., bet. Mason and Taylor; hours, 9 to .'.. i
PR. POPPER. ladies' practical physician for |
37 years. 31S Kearny St. |
MKF. PR. WEGENER. ladles' physician; medi-
oated haths a specialty. 1312 Golden Gate aye. I
MRS ALLEN, ladies' physician, 22S Van N.ess
aye.. bet. Hayes and Grove; 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ;
1. 1. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis- ■
eas^s of the human body. 115 Mason et.
i
MISCELLANEOUS — For Sale.
BOILERS, engines, 2-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 1&5-137 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of- ;
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second- j
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis- j
slon St.. above Sixth. ;
BARS counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors. !
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission at. ,
ONE 5-foot Montague restaurant range, com- !
plete; 1 No. 8 Eureka, with high shelf; one \
baker's sand oven; cheap. GRAHAM &
LOANE, 489 Fifth st. !
TWO young Llewellyn setter dogs for sale. Ap- |
ply 1110 Alabama st., bet. 23d and 24th. i
FOR sale— Young pug dog; very cheap. 495
Minna st.. near Sixth.
$20— DOMESTIC sewing machine. 7 drawers;
good order; complete. 1915 Mission St., near
Fifteenth. :
1 GASOLINE engine; 15 H. P.; complete and j
flrst-cla»s shape. WHITE. Sit Mission st.
DRESS pants, $2 75; fine suits, $10. MISFIT ■
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery St. ;
$10— SINGER sewing machine, nearly new. 700 ,
'
Eddy st :
AN almost new 12-bore W. W. Greener breech-
loading shotgun; originally cost $150; for $G5.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant Grant aye. _
COCKER spaniel pups: thoroughbred; prize
stock 171 Cook st.. off Geary; quick sale. _
6IXOXD-HAND billiard table: In good order;
complete. 535 Folsom St., WM. BATEMAN.
g^FES New and second for banks, merchants, ,
steamers, residences ; portable safety boxes;
specie chests; bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market St.. S. F.,Cal.
2 PRACTICAL cabinet makers' benches; 1 ex-
tra large oak sideboard. Apply before 12. 329
Guerrero st. i
IRISH setters; pedigree show and working '
stock. Glenmore Kennele, 2641 Linden. Oakld. |
LATHE; 10-ft. bed. 20-!n. swing: countershaft; |
2 chucks; all tools complete. 516 Mission st. |
BOILERS, engines, lathes, wood planers, 12
and 24 In. gas engine, 2d hand. J. BURKE, i
139 Beale st. j
PR CREELY'S C. P. Mange Cure at all drug- '
gists or at the Dog Hospital^ I
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu- j
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
DESKS.cffloe and car'! tables; desks c changed,
repaired: furniture bought. 244 Stockton at.
EAFES— New a.nd second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-421 Sacramento st.
BOILERS and engines, second hand; also wine
making roach' Krogh Mfg. Co.. Stevenson st.
? j
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
• i-[>_ Army press, lever press, paper cut-
ter- all second-hand; give lowest cash price.
Box 2459. Call office. I
WASHER for hand laundry- P. O. box 246, I
phone 43. Watson ville, Santa Cruz County.
OLD gold, gold dust, platinum and silver
bought. H. Lar.d-ckf-r & Co.. 118 Montgomery.
\V\NTED— To hire. 100 first-class scraperteams
with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B.
STONE. Elmhurst.
~ MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval or any other good security: payable
back In Installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de- i
fire' avoid red tape and publicity; see us first:
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 6i-W Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J. j
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above ;
Sixth; telephone South 14. « |
XKY amount of 64 per cent on real estate, 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate pro-
bate: mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
etr? at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 846 Market St.; telephone Main 1644.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out I ndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
at Nevada Loan Office. 214 Grant aye -Money
loaned on diamonds. Jewelry and clothing.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory hidg.. 130 Powell st.
$60 TO $50 000: lowest rates: Ist and M mortgs. ;
any proposition. DRYDEN, 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister at.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without Indorser. TOUSLEY. 69* Parrott bldg.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money tee H. MURPHY. 630 Market St.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED— on first mortgage on partly
developed mining property In Trinity County,
consisting of 150 acres: about 80 acres under
cultivation. Address box 2433, Call office.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
fame as If purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
stE., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland. ■
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
20, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done t»> please and satisfy the
customer.
W. G. bADGER, 412 Sacramento st.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
GOOD piano In storage on «ale cheap for cash.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market ft.
A NUMBER of good second-hand uprijrhts for
sale cheap at MAUVAIS'. 7SJ Mark«t st.
A DECKER & SON. the piano for you to buy;
[ beautiful new style. MAUVAIS'. 769 Market.
A BARGAIN — Stelnway upright cheap, i
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bank. j
A— sBs UPRIGHT piano in fine condition: also !
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st |
CHEAP Stelnway upright: aUo the famous ;
Homung Bros." pianos. 216 McAllister st.
A— UPRIGHTS, H up: Installments. $•" 75 up;
rents. $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 136 Ellis.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 303
Post «t.
WANTED— Square Pianos and 4 Cabinet Or-
gans. BYRON MAUZY. 308 Pout Bt.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. SO O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call. j
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 pr year.
OFFICES AND STORES — Let.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market St.— 414 j
Kearny; $75. 116 Mission; $75, 337 Geary: $35. ]
BE. corner Howard and Tenth.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market «.-
Desirable offices, 112 EC to $20.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD, pupil of Count St. Ger-
main. 616 Geary st., above .Tones; classes;
off c hours. 1 to - p. m. : reading by mall, $1. j
PROFESSOR MARVILL reveals life and fate. I
704 Larkin St., hours -12. 1-8 p. m.
PERSONALS.
A REPINED, educated young lady desires to
meet a gentleman of means who would appre-
ciate a true, loving wife; best ■?' reference
required and given. MISS R. 3930 19th fit.
THE manufacturers of The Star Hair Remedy
requests all wishing particulars -regarding j
their wonderful hair restorer and tonic to |
call or write for circulars and Information \
concerning the hair and scalp; no stamps; |
we pay our own postage. THE STAR REM- |
EDY CO., 656 Geary St.. S. F. Druggists and i
hairdressers sell The Star Hair Remedy.
EXPERIENCED traveler will accompany lady (
to Europe and Paris Exposition. Box 2481, i
Call office. I
WANTED — The address of a lady who has ;
worked on crystallizing fruit. Box 2482. Call.
HEALTHY German wetnurse wanted to
travel. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Eighth, Alameda.
LADIES don't fall to consult MME. FISHER !
concerning your face: consultation and one |
treatment free. 19 Powell st.
LEDERER'S QUINTINICA is Just the Hair
Tonic you are looking for; just what you
need; 35c bot. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton.
LEDERER'S artistic hair dressers will show
you the new Imported styles, 25c; Lederer's [
Foamo Shampoo is the best yet; nothing so
good; 5c pkg. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st. j
GUITARS, zithers tuned and repaired; latest j
music. 860 Market st., room 25.
EGYPTIAN Enamel, cream cosmetic. mak.->s !
all faces beautiful: BOc. MRS. BUTLER, j
room 350. Phelan building.
HOTEL Santa Cruz, Santa Cruz, Cal.— First-
class fa. lily and commercial hotel. This
hotel is located on corner of Locust and Vine i
sis., 1 block from Court House; rates $1 to $2 '<■
per day. special rate to families.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also '
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW, 70S Fifth. Oakland.
FAT is fatal to beauty and health; we reduce
quickly or.d safely An-^-I'hat Co.. Chicago.
MARY— I got my handsome cape at the East-
ern Outfitting Co., 1305 Stockton, nr. Broad-
way. There you can get most anything In that
line on easy payments; open evenings.
LEDERER'S QUINTONICA makes the hair '
soft, glossy and beautiful. Is what It claims
to be, a Hair Tonic; 35c a bottle. 123 Stockton. ;
REST assured that LEDERER'S halrdresslng
Is always the latest: 25c only. See his win-
dow display of beautiful hair combs of every
description at lowest price. 123 Seockton st.
ASSORTMENT of imported and domestic rem-
nants for suits to order, $10 75; pants. $3 75:
nothing higher. One-Price Tailoring Co., 1«44
Market St., under St. Nicholas Hotel.
MME. LOUISE'S manicure parlor has removed '
from O'Farrell to 132 Eddy st. ;
RUPTURE, piles cured: examination free. !
Drs. Mansfield & Porterfield. 83S Market St.
JOHN L. BOOSE, Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter it.. Laws a. Specialty
San Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Bend for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester i
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market; 700 rooms;
• 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week; i
1 free 'bur and baggage to end from the ferry. |
' A— LADIES' tailor-made suits to order at j
w 1 '"sale figures. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
SCHOOL children and Mexican sombrero look ]
nice together. Mexican Art, 114 Stockton st. I
GOOD tai.or-made suits at reasonable prices
by F. SCHOETTLER, 329 Kearny st.
JAMES A. SORENSON. watchmaker and Jew- !
eler, removed to 103 Sixth st., near Mission.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no Injec- J
tion; guarantd. Dr. Gordin,sl4 Pine, ab.Krny. /
A— Ladles' or gents' clothing, furniture bought, !
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom at.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Mar l st., bet. 7th and Bth.
WANTED — Old gold for manufacng. O. Nolte, i
Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell & Mason.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. OLIVE GRUVER, free treatment dally. 10 j
a. m. and 12 m. 1206 Market st., room 6.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office' and residence,
1021H Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PKKSIDIO BUSINESS HOUSES.
ADOLPH L. REHFELD has the' only place
near the Presidio where the public as well as
soldiers can have something good to eat and
to drink; the place is the first corner where j
the Union-st. cable car runs Into the reserva-
tion.
™~ BRICK & CO..
GOLDEN GATE CLOTHING STORE.
SOLDIERS' OUTFITTER
In civilians' clothing and furnishings: hats,
trunks and valises of all kinds; shoes; billiard
and pool hall specially provided for soldiers'
use. 2529 Greenwich St.. near Presidio car en-
trance, San Francisco. Tel. Baker 11S2.
NEW YORK Souvenir Co., headquarters for
soldiers' souvenirs & novelties; watches. Jew-
elry, cross guns, corps badges, service but-
tons. medals, ph»-l! goods. 2312 Lyon st.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— By a practical farmer, either
dairy, stock, viney. rd or grain ranch to
rent on shares, with everything furnished.
Address H. J., box 2405. Call office.
WANTED to rent— Small grain and stock I
ranch on shares. Address Ranch. 102^ Sixth.
REAL ESTATE — CITY For Sale.
MADISON & BURKE, Real Estate Agents,
626 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel.
Established ISSB.
Brick ' building— Battery-st. business corner,
near Market st. ; In center of wholesale dis-
trict; apply for particulars.
— Point Lobos aye., near Central aye.; !
two-story house and also two large flats; lot
61x81:3; $4000.
$12,000— Mission St., between First and Sec- :
ond; a nice down-town business property.
$5000— Baker st., near Sacramento; eight ■
rooms and bath. In perfect order; 25:6x102:6.
$5000— Clementina St.. near Fifth; two houses;
store and flats; rents $55 per month; 25x80.
14500— Near Golden Gate aye. and Leaven-
worth St.; rents $46; lot 20x60; Inside property;
always rented.
$3700— Twenty-seventh st., near Dolores; II
rooms, 2 baths; lot 25x114.
$5500— Rents $56 per month; Shotwell-st.
corner; store and flats; lot 35x90. , ~
MADISON & BURKE,
626 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPT EMBER 3, 1899.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — For Sale.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
BUSINESS.
$30,000 — Business corner on Devisadero Bt. ; 3 •
store and 5 flats; rent J244U per annum; 55x»'J. i
Jl7,6«i— Downtown business property; 2 stores j
ai:.i ii oming hou^f-; rents $135U per annum; |
, substantial brick building.
$15.500— Price greatly reduced; corner on
Howard St.; 2 stores, with living-rooms and 4 ;
flats of 7 and 5 rooms and bath each; rent !
$lw>o per annum; lirick foundation, etc.; large
lot; 3oxl22:»;; $10,000 can remain at 6H per cent i
per annum, owner going to Germany to live.
Oness property on Clay »t. ; 'J stores
and uppor rlat; rent about &i> per month; real
bargain.
FLATS AND INVESTMENTS.
$21.000— Rents J2ISO per annum; corner or.
Powell St.; 8 2-storj' houses; 3 of 3 rooms and ;
bath each; 5 of 7 rooms and bath each, U7:tix .
fc7:tJ; 3 frontages.
$11,500— Pacific Heights bargain; rents $1200
per annum; 2 new palatial flats of 12 and 10
bath, billiard room, wine room, cellar.
laundry, etc.. each, finished in natural hard-
n ods; nickel-plated open plumbing; elite loca- I
tion on i ••■ .?i' Heights; must he setn to be ap- |
predated; 27:3x106; owner go t r.« to leave the
city.
18060— Mission warm belt; rents $900 per an- i
: 4 line new modern flats and cottage, Capp ,
St., 40x115, to an alley.
$6750— s-i cash; 3 nice new flats on Page St.:
6. 5 and 5 rooms and bath each; rents $690 per
annum; 25x95.
$6000— Another bargain; price greatly reduced;
2 substantial t-story houseß of 8 rooms and bath
each; rents $720 per annum; 37:6x71; a great
bargain; must be sold to close an estate; could
v.iged into nata at small outlay.
$3700— A fine corner on Pacific st. ; 2 cottages
of 5 and 6 rooms and bath each: rent $31 50;
should be changed into 4 tenements ; good rent-
Ing location.
$1850— Good southside Investment; rents $432
per annum: 4 tenements of 4 rooms each; 25x80.
RESIDENCES.
$20,000— Elite location; Pacific Heights; unex-
celled marine views; an admirably planned
residence; large sunny rooms; very attractive
extoricr built by the day; very sunny; never
before offered for sale; large lot, 75x137:6; south
front.
$20.000— Elegant mansion; 2-story and base- ,
ment, attic residence of 14 rooms and bath.
etc.; 75x137:6; grand, unobstructed marine
views.
$9000— Elegant park mansion of 11 rooms. 3
baths, etc., etc.; heater; rooms beautifully
frescoed.
COTTAGES.
HUSO- A very chfap home; nearly n>>w, mod-
ern bay-wind w cottage "t" 4 large rooms, bath, •
laundry, etc. , brick foundation.
$1230' — Cozy rottage of 5 rooms and bath etc.;
near 29th and Mission sts.; large lot, 3i :fix7o;
will be sold on easy terms.
$1000— Mission warm belt; a bargain; cozy
O'tr-ige of 4 rooms; lot 27x114.
LOTS.
$1250 and upward— Choice building lots; very
cheap: 10 sold; Noe. 14th hv.l Henry sts.; one
block from Market st. ; i - ,'nrh.
n grade ar.'l ready for build i
at verj i w prli ea and : eing so nicely located
are selling rapidly.
On very essy terms— We arc offering the lots
at Waller and Stpiner sts of the German Sav-
ings and J. n B ciety; street \v..rk done com-
plete; lou ly to build on; tej-ms 1 4 . cash,
balance at 7 per cent; only a few left.
- each and upward— lnstallment luts; Rlcli-
: til aye., C and I 1 sts.; adjacent t
[■.irk; 2 tsh; ?10 per month; ii
at 7 per
1 h li c list of building lots in every part of
the .'lt;. • ' suit.
Call and obtain one of our Real Estate Rec- \
Tds. which contain a properties for
sale in all parts of the city.
Q. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 M intgomery st.
O. F. YON RHEIN &' CO.,
■ALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
85x137:6 -Hayes St., near Fiilmnre; 3 flats;
rent $90; $li
62:6x137:'; — Taylor St., n*ar Pine; 16-room
house; rvnt S: : . : :
ncr " - and St cxi i rti
-• )■> 4*;^ in Stockton; properly Im] red
f month.
N ■•x 137:9— Union St.. near Dupont; 2-story
brlt k building; rents jo ! ■
20x6Vy to rf-ar ht— Union St., near Dupont;
3 front and 3 rear flats; rents $64 50; $«000.
25x80— Fourth St., near Harrison; store and
flat; $6SO<!; sale urgent.
46x50 — Greenwich, near Taylor; three 2-story
houses: rent? VM. $■
112:6x37 Sx-7:6 — Cor. Kearny and Greenwich;
I J -• ry bouses; rents $80; $6000.
:Uc aye., near Polk; 2 flats and
rear house; rents $45: $5000.
\— Pacific, near Mason; house of eight
rc^ims and bath; }4
24 :3x6?:!»— Green st., near Powell; new mod-
ern bay- window flats; rents $> Mf
25x123 11 st.. near 24th; 2 fiats: $3800.
. ■ H ward, nr. Uth; cottage: rents JIB.
!.'o— To rear street; Union. n*ar Jones; 2
fliits: rents J24 ; %-
Lyon, n<-ar Geary; cottage: $2250.
22:11x68:^—230 Francisco st.. rif.ir Stockton; 2-
and large basement ; J:
Auburn, near Pacific; 3-story house; ;
rents $2-4; SiT
26x64- Post, near Central aye.; cottage; $1500.
UNIMPROVED.
25x100— Florida st.. n. rth of ISth; adjoining j
Union Brewery; offer wanted.
■■ it . near Washington; $3750.
BE. cor. Polk and Lombard Ets.
Cor. 2M and Noe sts. ; $2200.
37 :4%xl37:6— Greenwich, near Polk; $2000.
•-Valencia, bet. 13th and 14th; 4 lots.
r Fountain an I
25x137:8—8. Frederick, west of Cole. I
WORKWOMAN! HERE IS TOUR CHANCE.
$11 a month buys a . brand new 4-room and
bath cottage and lot; brick foundation; hot
and cold water; l^s blocks from Mission St.
cars. OSCAR UKVMAN. 14 Post St
$15 A MONTH; New corner cottage of 4 rooms
and bath; sanitary plumbing, high basement
ajid 3 minutes fr^m car line.
AR KKVMAN, 14 Post Bt.
ONLY 25 MINUTES' RIDE.
STREXT WORK DOME.
SEWERS LAID.
GRAND VIEW.
HEALTHFUL LOCALITY.
60 lots to choose from; prl'-» $CV); $5 monthly
pavmc-nts, write or send for catalogue.
OSCAR HKYMAN.JI Post St.
jISOO— GREAT snap; eosi $3000 house of I
rooms; on Vlcksburg St., near 22d; 25x120;
niust bt- sold this w< ek.
jisrxi— Another chance, cottage of 5 rooms on
26th st.; 2f,x114: sold under foreclosure.
$2>o0 — S-room house; make us an oner; Cali-
fornia aye., near Ml
jgOO— Fine lot on 27th st.. near Church.
JSOO— Fine lot, 26;5x114; on Jersey St., n»ar
Castro; level.
JlOOO— Bargain; 4-room cottage, on Virginia .
aye., 100 feet from Mission st. ; must go.
$5 down. $5 per month— Lots south of the
Park; low prices; good location.
McEWEN BROS, lIS Montgomery st.
AT Antelope, Sacramento, at the railroad
track, we will lease fine farming land In 10- I
acre tracts for 5 years with privilege of buy- j
Ing at low prices, or will sell It. on easy terms. I
McEWEN BROS.. US Montgomery st.
$i '- ■■■; WILL buy $18,000 fine modern residence
Of 14 r ■ best portion Oakland: $100 mo. rents.
THi-: MCCARTHY CO., 8M Market st., P. F.
FOIL UK NT Elfgantly furnished 12-room mod-
ern residence; best Oakland location. THE
McCARTHT. CO.. 646 Market^st^J^F. |
$1200— SACRIFICE- almost new cottage; four !
large rooms; lot 37:6x14"; with or without 5 i
adjoining icts; at one-third actual value; $100 !
cash $lo monthly; a chance of a lifetime;
block frmn Folsom st. Apply 1223 f'ourtland
aye . or P. A, DOLAN, Sltf Market St.
BUY a home fcr cash; I guarantee to advance :
H per cent of purchase price; payable $1m ■
monthly, on each $1000. P. A. DOLAN. 63-;
Market st.
$7850— CHOICEST corner of all; marine and
park view, front and roar: cannot be obstruct-
ed- lf> large .sunny rooms; m'>«t expensively
decorated; inlaid floor, mahogany, cherry and i
oak mantels; plate-glass r-Indows; very costly
6-llght gas fixtures; French r::riKe, heaters.
conservatory, etc. Apply corner Fulton and j
Shrader sts. , from 12 to 4 p. in.; McAllister
or Hayes st. cars; terms to suit.
$5300— COULD not be duplicated for less than i
new up-to-date park residence; only 1 !
left out of I, 9 sunny rooms: 4 extra fine man- j
tels. r.ak doors and Staircase; Incandescent i
electric lighting; marble steps; large lot. etc. j
171 Carl St.. nf-ar Staryan; Ellis-st. cars j
within 1 block; Ferries, Park and Ocean cars |
pass the door; owner on premises.
r< 'R SALE— 6OxBO; Brannan St., bet. First and
Second; nays $70 per month: also 50x13. :t, be- j
tween Second and near Third. Apply T.
CAMPBELL, 357 Brannan st.
FOR SALS st., near Twenty-seventh ;
bay-window house. 7 rooms, bath, high base- i
ment; suitable for store or driveway; no rea-
sonable offer refused. Owner, 1063 Mission St.. I
in store. |
CHEAP lot; 82x130. Owner, SW. cor. Point
Loboe and First ayes.
6 ELEGANT flats; SE. cor. Scott and Sacra-
mento sts; 52x51:3; all rented. J. H. CARSE. i
U Montgomery st.
CHEAP— SIOOO; cr.ttage of 4 rooms and bath; !
Vj bl'-'k if Mission st. Inquire at D. COF- I
FIX S clxar ston», 3323 Mission st.
A BARGAIN; price $1750: house of 5 rooms, i
bath and basement; lot 25x105. 537 No« St..
near !9th.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market st.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— For Sale.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 MONTGOMERY ST.
DEVISADERO-ST. FLATS.
$7250— flats, near Pagt st. ; contain ali
conveniences; large lot. 28x100; good "business
property; would ra>' handsomely if building
was raised and store, built under It; mortgage
of $iCKW can remain.
$5250— Fine business corner on Seventeenth
st.; new corner building, containing store and
flat of 5 rooms above, also new building con-
taining 2 flats of 4 rooms and bath each; rents
$74, ail rented; this property Is a fine invest-
ment.
$15,000 Business corner on O'Farrell st., eloss
to town; improvements consist of two-story
building: contains store and flat of 6 room?
and bath; also two-story house on the cross
street; vents $90.
FORECLOSURE PALE — FINE MODERN
FLATS.
$4900— (*>ldfn Gate aye., n»ar Baker St.;
splendid building; cost over $6000; everything
up to date; a great bargain; rents $45.
Corner en Clay St., near Mason; three-
story building, store and 20 rooms above; lo:
2sx7o; under lease; a great bargain.
$1700— Hartford st., near Elsht<enth; cottage
of 4 rooms, bath, etc.; brick foundation; lot
"4:7x125.
AN OFFER WANTED.
$6500—1315 Mason st , near Jackson: lot 35x
137:6. with three-story residence of 12 rooms
and bath; also rear house of 5 rooms; stable
tor 6 horses.
$7500 Very cheap: Jackson st.. near Buchan-
an; extra large lot, 50x127. with "L" 25x27,
with cottage of 10 rooms; also stable.
Fourth aye., near Lake st.; one-story
cottage of 6 rooms, bath and basement; lot
25x120. * "
$S7sO— Rents $85; three new flats fronting the
Park Panhandle; lot 25x137:6; all rented; a fine
Investment.
$2000— Harrison St., near Twenty-fourth; cot-
tage of 4 rooms; lot 25x112:6.
Golden Gate aye.. ■ near Lyon st. : two
flats of 6 and 7 rooms and bath each; rents
$40; lot 26x100.
AN OFFER WANTED.
$4750 — Jackson st., near Mason; 3 flats; also
a two-story house of 10 rooms; lot has 46 feet
frontage; rents $52.
$10,000— A good location for a physician's of-
fice and residence Post st., between Larkin
and Polk; two-story residence of 10 rooms and
bath; lot 25x120 to rear street.
$2100-- Nineteenth St.. n#ar Texas; new cot-
tage of 4 rooms and bath; price includes fur-
niture, etc.; lot 25x100.
$12,500— Splendid business corner on two prom-
inent retail busine-s street* In the Mission;
fine substantial Improvements; always rented I
$90; will certainly increase in value.
$4000— offer wanted; rents M"; two-story ■
and basement brick building, ennt dining three
flats; on South Park, near Third st. •
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
CHOICE PARK LOTS
ON EASY TERMS.
THE BLOCK
Facing Golden Gate Park on H st., between ,
Eighteenth and Nineteenth avf-s., has Just
been placed on sale in subdivisions. Already
a number Of lots have been soM. Have you
seen this block ? Fifty of tho best lots, every
one on grade with streets, which are oiTiciallr
graded and inaca.i.imizpd. Plank sidewalks
and water mains laid all ready for building.
Prices ranging from $500 upward. Your own ;
terms. Interest on deferred payments only 6
per cent. As these lots face the park and the
new Nineteenth avenue boulevard they will I
surely Increase in value. Near the new music
stand" and all principal park attractions. Elec-
tric cars pass the property. Take Ellis or
Halght street cars. If you are wise you will
see them at once and secure your choice.
Branch ofhc", corner '! st. and Ninth aye.
Open daily, Sundays included.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery St.
JOHN PFORR. removed to 403 Pine st.. oppo- j
site the Nevada Bank. ;
$2400— 2-story double flats, near Sixth and
Bryant gts. ; of rent $16. j
$40i,0— Maybe less: a 2-story bay-window house j
of 9 rooms and bath on O'Farrell st., near ;
Laguna: lot 25x100.
$3000— 'Good 2-story house on Eighteenth st., j
near Castro; lot 25x100 feet.
$43.W— Reduc«*i again from $JSGO; an extraor-
dinary bargain on Fulton St., near Franklin;
only 3 blocks from City Hall and near Mar- ■
ket st; a 2-story house, stable and garden; lot !
27:(Jx1H7:6 feet; worth $5500. but must be sold.
$7JO0 — Fine residence on Devisadero st., near j
F*ll: S rooms; modern Improvements; 25x112:6.
$30,000— Business property yielding a yearly [
rental of $3ChX>. For description call at th» !
office.
{{£00 Rent $47; a splendid investment, on i
Geary St.; 3-story house; store and 2 flats, 5
rooms and bath each.
$;.'OO— A nice property on Spear St., bet. How- i
ard and Folsom.
$25,000— Reduced from $34,000; rent $257; Lar- !
kin St., south of Geary; stores and flats; a dead i
bargain.
$3S5O— Rent $45: Webster Ft., near Washing- '■
ton, a fine double flat, ti rooms and bath each, i
Several fine properties on McAllister st.
FOR SALE BY
HAWKS & SKELTON. 321 Montgomery st. j
$9000— NW. corner: finest view of bay and i
Presidio In the city; NW. Larkin and Chest- |
nut; California and Hyde at. cars in one block;
145:6x139:6. or in subdivisions as follows:
$3000— For corner, 37:0x139:6. ;
— For Inside lots, 27x139:6; easy terms.
$2700 — Corner lot; Fifteenth, near Valencia; !
choice for flats ;light for every room. ,
$100 Lots south of Park; buy. for your chil- !
dren.
$Sooo— Modern house, Cough St.. eight rooms '
and finished attic and basement, tiling, etc.;
view of bay.
$3500 — Cottage In warm belt of Mission: five j
rooms and bath: high basement; make offer.
$3250— Flats: Hartford St.. near Castro and
Nineteenth; four and five rooms and bath; i
rents $830 per annum.
$4500 — Howard, near Eighteenth: eight rooms
and bath; can be altered to flats and pay •
good Interest.
$5600 — New flats: Frederick, near Clayton and
the Park; rents $030 per annum; easy terms.
HAWKS & BKELTON.
321 Montgomery st. |
SAN FRANCISCO ''
SNAPS'. SNAPS! SNAPS'.
THIS WEEK ONLY.
•You missed It on some of them we sold last
week.
Don't be behind time this week If any of i
these suit you:
$;no— $io per month: five rooms, bath; new !
and riryt-clats In every respect: at Sunnyside.
$1000— 111 SO per month: same locality and '
size, but has basement and larger lot.
$1000— $12 60 per month; five rooms, large lot; •
plenty of flowers; San Rafael.
$1350— $1S per month: 7 rooms; close to Hotel :
Rafael: excellent locality and large grounds.
THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY,
Room 2, 222 Sanscme St., San Francisco; also ;
Frultvale station.
$9000 FOR 50 feet on Mission st., near 21st; old
houses bringing $60; mortgage $5000.
$17 0 -Cottage. 5 rooms, in splendid order;
Harrison, near Twenty-third; street bltumln-
Ized. This Is a bargain.
$2200 — Cottage, 5 rooms,, bath; Clipper, near
Ban< he*; 24:6x114.
$2£o0 — Modern cottage, 5 rooms, bath: Twenty-
third, near Harrison; 25x80; part cash.
$4250— Three flats, 4 and 5 rooms and bath
each; coilinirwood. near Nineteenth st.; 27: Cx
110: easy terms.
$1000— Cheap lot on Second aye., near Point
Loboa; 25x120. •
W. H. CRIM & CO., 118 Montgomery st.
HEALTH resort of San Francisco— Sunset
Beach lots and cottages for sale and for rent;
near Golden Gate Park and boulevard. JA-
COB HEYMAN, 19 Montgomery st.
;7£0 — 4 ROOMS and bath: cottage: 50x123; Alvln
Tract Elmhurst. near Oakland: easy terms.
JACOB HEYMAN. 19 Montgomery st. I
$950— NEW 4-room house; corner Cortland aye. !
and Dakota st. ; close to electric cars: street I
sewered and graded; easy terms. JACOB ■
■V M A X, 19 Montgomery st. j
10 YEARS have passed and you have been pay- !
Ing landlord rent all this time, and what have ,
you for it? Nothing. The same rent money ■
or installment to JACOB HEYMAN would j
have cleared your home and saved you $2000 ;
for a sinking fund for old ase, but never too !
late to do good for yourself. Call at JACOB ;
HEYMAN'S, 19 Montgomery st.. and he will
assist you to get a new 4 or 5 room house j
from him; 500 people have cleared homes at |
his office. ;
$2250— COXY home. 5624 Twenty-sixth St.. bet. i
Guerrero and San Jose aye; $B<V) may remain;
balance easy payments. W. J. HERRIN, 324
Pine st. •
$2100— BEAUTIFUL heme: lot 2?x136; 164 Clara
aye., bet Seventeenth and Eighteenth sts. ; ,
$1200 may remain at 8 per cent; balance easy
payments. W. .1. HERRIN. 324 Pine st. :
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market st. |
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
New lots, superb locations, lowest prices.
$300 to $?00— Sunset Heights lots from Sev-
enth to Nineteenth ayes., ready to build
on; $25 down. $10 monthly.
Branch Office. Ninth aye.. near H st. .. Every
day and Sunday.
$400 to $700— Richmond lots, $10 monthly.
$75 to $300— Ocean Boulevard lots, $5 monthly.
$100 to $250— Mission st. and Ocean View lots. !
$3 monthly.
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
BOL GETZ it BROTHER,
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
C C BEMIS, Real Estate and General Land
Agent, 324 Montgomery st.
Make offer— Northeast corner Twenty-«eventh ;
and Douglass sts.; must be sold; £oxll4 feet.
$2XOO— North line Carl St., near Stanyan; BOx ,
137 6 feet.
Residence and lot— North line Pacific aye.. ]
near Wabster St.; lot 30x127 feet. ]
AT a sacrifice; northwest corner 23d and Dolo- \
res fits.; worth fully $5000, but will tak» CMOS
If sold at once. Address
Owner, GEORGE B. M. GRAY,
. 454 Ninth st.
IF your property is mortgaged and you nend
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market st. I
REAL ESTATE — CITY For Sal?.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.
Banks pay S 1-3 per cent Interest. Real estate
4 times as much.
INVESTMENTS.
. PAYS S& PER CENT PER ANNUM.
$35.000— Carh $10,600; rent $220 per month: large
Western Addition corner, well improved
and in Al condition.
PAYS 15 PER CENT PER ANNUM.
$5,500-^6 3r>od flats, in Al condition; near Fol-
som and sth.
PAYS 12 PER CENT PER ANNUM.
J3.0C0— 2 sood houses of « rooms each, in Al
condition: rents $S2 per month; near
Howard and 6th. •
PAYS 14 PER CENT PER ANNUM.
$5, C00— 9 tenements, near : th and Folsom.
PATS 12 PER CENT PER ANNUM.
$1,800—2 houses, near 3d and Harrison.
PATS 13 PER CENT PER ANNUM.
$2,500—4 flats, near 3d and Tehama.
PATS 16 PER CENT PER ANNUM.
$5,000—4 flats, near Clay and Mason.
PAYS 15 PER CENT PER ANNUM.
$10,000—11 flats and one welling; rood condi-
tion; always rented; has 4 frontages.
FLATS.
$3,50—2 new flats of i and 4 rooms, on Shot-
well St.; in cood condition; large lot,
30x122:8; part can be further Improved;
must be sold immediately.
$3,000 — flats of 6 and 6 rooms and bath; rents
$25; on 15th St.; $1000 cash: one block
from Market st.
$3,000—3 flats, 4 and 3 rooms, stable; rent $30;
near N*oe and 15th.
COTTAGES AND RESIDENCES.
$2000— HOMESEEKERS— $2000.
300 cash; balance $20 per month; np taxes;
bo interest; no insurance: modern home
in course of construction; 5 rooms and
bath and high basement: dome ceil-
ings; tile mantels; porcelain rubs; fine
view; cloee to car lines.
$2,500— of t rooms and bath; modern In
fill details; Mission warm belt.
LOTS.
$I.3!*— Sullivan st., near Stanyan: 23x137:5.
$I,6Bo— Etanyan st., near Affiliated Collages;
25x197:6.
$2,250 — Fulton st., near Lyon: 25x100.
$2,P00— Haiarht. near Broderick; 2.'x137:5.
$1,100 — Turk, near Lyon St.: 25xl$7:S.
. We hold our regular auction sales
every two weeks. For further par-
ticulars 8?ply to
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO. A
E3S Market street.
A. M. SPECK & CO., r ~
667 Market street, opposite Kearny.
SELECTED BARGAINS.
$45,000— Geary-st. corner, down town; three
frontages: 63xS0; if improved will pay
S per cent net.
$25,000— Within few blocks of Orpheum: s?xl*2;
stores and lodging-house; rents about
$2000 per year.
$13,000— Forty feet frontage on First St., two
frontages; near Mission st.
$14,000 Geary St., near Taylor; store and lodg-
ins-house; fine buy.
$12,500— AJx-ut 100 feet from Market and Sixth
sts.; «tore and three flats; lot 50x7S;
rents $100.
Vicinity Post and Stockton sts.; two
good flats; want an offer.
Fremont St., near Santa, Fe ferry site;
E4xlJ2; rents $700 annually.
$3,2oo— Six flats; vicinity Hibernia Bank;
rents $350 yearly.
$3,500 — Ten-room residence, near Golden Gate
aye. ; lot 37:«x137:8.
$1,000— Ma?n B -rt. bargain; must sell; lot 35
fast frontage; two houses.
$1,500— Thrt>e flats, near Mason and Clay eta.;
rents $10.
$350 CASH, $JJO mortgage— Nice cottage home;
310 sth aye., near Clement; a bargain. W. F.
McCLTJRE, 11 Montgomery st.
MUST be sold: two modern flats, five and six
room*: no agents. Address box 249*5.
NEW FIOMJPB
Five, I, T. 9 and 10 room house*, finished
with all modem conveniences, fronting on
Waller. Pierce and Primrose sts.. from S;i00
to |4'6Q; terms to suit purchaser. T. NEL-
KON. Bolld«r. -
IF you have lots north of Golden Gat» Park.
weFt of first aye.. and you wish to sell them.
call on XT. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery st.
REAL BSTATE — COU.VTRT — For Balo
G. H. UMRVBN * CO.,
D»\li Bu»h, Manager Country Department.
14 Montgomery street.
$•500—320 acres in Antelope Valley, Kern
County; • ißilea from B. P. R. R. station; 84
miles from Lr-« Altnle>; all cleared and fenced i
»nd cro«»>-f«R<red; about 4 miles of rabbit-proof !
fencing; about 80 acres in orchard, prunes, |
peaches and apricots, with a family orchard 8
yean old; 4 acres In alfalfa, balance has been
!n grain; one .'.S'' 1 . 1 gallon re»arrolr; two 100,-
COO gallon reservoirs; }- wells; « new steel wind-
mills; plenty of water; one «-roomed house; 2
cottages; new tarn, carriage house, work shop
and store honre. poultry house* and yards:
house has porcelain baths, sink, hot and cold
water and sanitary plumbing; complete outfit
of horse?, wagons, mowing machines, bupgies,
cultivators and all farming tools; »old on ac-
count of death in the family: th« greatest bar-
gain in the State; photographs and particular*
at office.
GLENN COUNTY.
$25 per acre— One of the best known ranches
In Glenn County; 150 C acres; has half mils river
frontage; Princeton landing on the place; 80
acres n oak timber; fine buildings of every de-
scription and completely equipped with stock
and toolf; orb cf trie best grain ranches in the
county.
Now If the time to buy country land*.
There is money in grain.
There is mon»y in fruit.
There is money In wine grapes,
Th«r* in money in general farming.
Th*r<» is me-ney in dried fruits.-
'■ There is money In cattle.
FOR SALE— Chicken ranch, Si acres level
land, S-room house, G chicken houses, large
barn, well and pump, 100 fruit trees. 75
chickens, some new furniture; close to school.
~' t mil's from Petaluma; all fenced and
complete for nice home. Terms, $»0« cash,
balnnce, $MO, In six years at « per cent.
Address GEORGE MILLER, Cotatl, Sonoma
County, Cal.
A BARGAIN— For sale or will exchange for
San Franelsco real estate, ranch of 82 acres
in Sonoma County, near Sonoma City: county
road on all four sides of place; all in bear- ;
Ing vines and fruits; good stone nous's of
I reoms, and 4-room outhouse, with bath:
large barn and stable, windmill a»d tank:
water piped all around: all the crops and
farming implements go with the place; make
an offer. M JOOST * BRO., «1S Gough St.,
San Francisco, Cal.
$51.000— INVESTMENT; business property in
the county of Santa Cruz bringing in an In-
come of $4*oo per annum and leased to a good
tenant: property cost 190.000 and is well im- ■
proved; insured for $20,000; old age of owner
is only reason for selling;; income can be in- i
creased and property is well worth $59,000. For !
further particulars inquire of J. R. CHACE, I
54 N. Ffrst St., San Jose., Cal. I
HOTEL property across the bay; lot 75x150; 33 j
sunny rooms: half block from depot: tine
ground* ■ good business year round. SCHOTT-
LER. 4 CO., S3! Market ft.
FOR sale or exchange for Alameda Co. prop-
— lo-aere ranch; house, outbuilding? and
bearing orchard. 123 Prospect place, S. F.
MARIN Co.. 26 miles from 8. F.— 140 to %M ncr
acre; choice lands in tracts of all sizes; im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay, gram,
fruit and vegetable lands; easy terms; rail •
•«nd water transit: good schools. HOME AND
FARM CO., an. 27, !>th floor. Mills big., i. T.
$500—165 acre*. Sonoma County; small house;
plenty wood and water. Apply 123 Fifth st.
FOR ALE— «00 acre* dairying or grar.ing land
in the southern part of Humboldt County,
Ca.l.: never-failing crops; plenty of wood and
water; best of climate. MARTIN P.. JA-
GER. 110 Taylor st.. S. F. .
$850—10 ACRES rich level land: 1 1 .- miles from
town: Lake Co.; "H acres bearing orchard;
good houi»: fine well water: bargain for im-
mediate sale.. C. F. MOORE. 535 Market »t..
room i. ■ - «
RESTAURANTS.
WESTERFELD'S restaurant, coffee and lee
cream parlor. 10?^ Market st.: popular prices.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at ICSS Va-
lencia rt.
BRADY, 44— 8 or 4 unfurnished sunny rooms;
large yard; cheap to small family. ■,
EDDY, 91*— i" or 4 ne sunny unfurnished
rooms; all conveniences; private residence;
references.
ELM ay».. — A cottage of '« 4 rooms to let
and furniture for sale; $65. '
ELLIS 667— Nice rooms: good board; gas.
bath, piano: telephone Larkin 1031.
FIFTH. SOS (new corner house .'-Parlor and
b'droom, with kitchen: handsomely fur-
nished; other sunny rooms: reasonable.
FIFTH. SSS—S furnished housekeeping. $13; 2,
$12; single rooms. $5 to $7: also store and rail
FRANKLIN, 407— sonny rooms for housekeep-
ing: unfurnished.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
FRANKLIN, 111B— Furnished or unfurnished 1
rooms: modern; reasonable.
FULTON, 218, cor. Van Ness— Neatly furnished
flat, 3 rms.. gas range, bath: also others.
FULTON, 303—2 or 3 sunny housekeeping
rooms^ exclusive; kitchen; large yard.
GEARY, 1917—4 nice unfurnished rooms; bath; '
toilet: gas; yard; basement; furnished hall.
GIRARD House, 192 Seventh— l large sunny un-
furnished room; furnished suites.
GOLDEN GATE AYE.. 331—2 nicely furnished
rooms for light housekeeping; bath; private .
family; $12. • ' ■ . '
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1404— Sunny front room;
reasonable; housekeeping; private family.
HARRISON, 925— One or 2 large rooms; furnish-
ed or unfurn. for housekeeping; very cheap.
HOWARD, «49— 2 large housekeeping rooms, ;
with bath. in quiet family; 3 rooms en the
ground floor, with water and yard. j
HOWARD. 1324—2 or 3 rooms, complete for
housekeeping; very reasonable.
IVANHOE. 1002 Polk. cor. Geary— Light, clean, j
sunny; fur. hkpg. suites (3 to 5 r.). $15 up;ref. !
LEWIS. 16, off Taylor, nr. Post— newly fur- :
nished bedroom and kitchen; stove; $11.
MARKET, 102S — Large sunny front room and
kitchen: folding bed: closet; rent $12.
MARTHA place, 2. off Geary, near Taylor—
furnished rooms for hou^ek^er'ing. j
MINNA, 28— Nice sunny furnished housekeep- j
ins rooms; $1 week each. ;
MINNA, 322—2 or 3 rooms furnished complete .
for housekeeping.
MISSION, 1729%. near 13th— 2 sunny furnished
housekeeping; bath; laundry; $?.
NINETEENTH, 3334, nr. Mission— 3 nicely fur-
nishM room?; large yard; first floor; $12.
OAK, 130 — 3 furnished housekeeping rooms; use j
of piano; no bath; cheap.
O'FARRELL. 128. comer Powell— Nice front
room, $5. Apply at 15 Grant aye.
POLK. 522— Furnished and unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; rent cheap.
POLK. 1827, bet. Washington and Jackson-
Sunny rooms, both double and single; also I
sunny furnished housekeeping: use of bath; ;
quiet location; cars handy; private family; j
reasonable.
RENT free: 2 large rooms; sunny; yard; ref-
erences given and required. For particulars
Inquire 719 Oak «t.
ST. JAMES. Lasuna and McAllister— Choicest,
funniest In city; low rates; furnished or not. I
SUTTER, 1111, nr. Larkin— Comfortably furn. '
single suites; also hskpg. : terms reasonable. '
THE Piedmont— Sixth— Furnished rooms
for housekeeping; also other rooms. j
THIRD. Furnished housekeeping; $1 50 to
$2 50: transient solicited. j
THIRD, 362— Two front rooms, furnished,
housekeeping, $2; one large housekeeping ,
room, $1 50. 1 I
TURK. 623—2 sunny furnished rooms for house- I
keeping; running water; bath; $14.
TURK. 545— Sunny bedroom and kitchen on par-
lor floor; running water; $14 per month.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3726. nr. Dolores— 4 sunny
bay-window rooms; complete. ■
TWO furnished rooms for housekeeping; key
at 166 Clara St., near Fifth.
VALENCIA. 550— Two partly furnished rooms;
sun all day.
VAN NESS aye.. 518— Front rooms for light
housekeeping: gas range. I
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly j
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1. ,
postage raid.
ROOMS TO LET — and Lnfnrn. I
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth-Rooms. !
25c to $1 per night: $125 to $:. per week, and i
ligh^ housekeeping; open all night. j
ABBOTSFORD (The), cor.Broadway and Polk— j
Quiet and homelike; rooms bright and sunny,
single, suite; charges moderate: cars direct.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator; !
bath: rooms. 50c to $1 SO day. MRS. J. KING.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and ;
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va- :
lencia St. |
SUTTER. 715, 717, S3l— Sunny; reasonable;
appreciated If seen: please Investigate.
AT 39 Turk, cor. Taylor— New mangt., renovat-
ed, sunny front bay-window rms. ; transient. !
AT New G and, 246 3d— 200 lst-class sunny rms.. i
15c to $1 day; 90c to $4 wk; also housekeeping.
BURNETT. 1428 Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished. ;
CARROLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye. corner; well furn. rms. & offices. :
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 12S (United States Hotel)— neat '•
rooms, from $1 50 a week up.
EDDY, 473—2 bright e>unny single rooms; nicely j
furnished; $6 month each. :
EDDY, 617— Double parlors; also single; all
south sunny rooms; running water; gas, bath.
EDDY. — Large front bay-window room;
gas, running water; suitable for two or three
gentlemen.
ELLIS, 114— Nice rooms for gentlemen, single
or en suite; gas, bath.
ELLIS. 515— New and elegantly furnished
rooms from (10 and up; fine suite.
ELLIS, 639 cor. Larkin— Sunny bay-window;
folding bed and mantel; others cheap.
FELL. Ssl— Large front room, two windows;
suitable for one or two gentlemen.
FERNWELL House,47 Post— New manag?m'nt; ;
all rms refurnished; suites and single; baths.
FOURTH. 222V4 (Palm House)— First-class sun- |
ny bay-window rooms; also single. $1 25 up. !
FRANKLIN. 227— One furnished room; closet, j
gas, bath; private. |
GEARY, 14 A— Sunny front suite; large closets; j
running water: also other rooms; cheap.
GEARY, 4C2— Newly furnished sunny rooms and |
suites, $2 per week up; very desirable. •
GEARY ■ 405 (The Comfortable furn.
rooms; travelers accommodated. MRS.HYER. i
GEARY, 556— Sunny front and back parlor;!
piano; phone; other rooms; light housekpg. I
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or single; ;
ladles' parlors: reading room: elevator.
GREEN. 417— Nice large front furnished room;
rent $6. -
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family 1
rooming house; $1 50 to T6 per week. I
HARRISON 601—3 nice and sunny unfurnished
rooms to let.
HARRISON, 784%, nr. Fourth— Finely furnished
sunny rooms: bath;- quiet home; $1 week up.
HOTEL Grosevenor, 319 Sutter, nr. Stockton- •
Sunny suites, sing!? rmt.; elev.; free baths. ;
HOWARD. 715—200 sunny rooms; nicely fur-
nished: every convenience; electric lights. ■
HOWARD, Two nice furnished rooms; |
cheap. : !
HOWARD. S29— Furnished rooms from $1 per j
week up: also housekeeping and transient.
HOWARD. 1144— sunny suites: running ]
water; reasonable: permanent patrons desired. :
HYDE, 200— Large sunny front room; running
water: bath; gas: one or two gents.
HYDE, — Nice sunny rooms for gentlemen
or light housekeeping if desired.
JESSIE. 363— Sunny furnished rooms, single
or double. - •
JONES, 601, corner Geary— Elegant front sunny
suite; 5 minutes' walk from Call; $30: gents. I
LARKIN. 609U— Nice double rooms; gas; all j
conveniences; reasonable. j
LARKIN. 706— 2 or 3 sunny front rooms; light |
housekeeping; rear room. 1
LARKIN. SI2B— Nicely furnished room; *a3
and bath: reasonable. ■
LEAVENWORTH. 15—2 • pleasant sunny fur-
nished rooms; all conveniences.
LINDEN AYE.. 325, near Gough St.— s3; nice
front room, unfurnished. •
MARKET. 1035. and 33 Fifth— manage- ,
ment; fine sunny suites and single rooms.
MARKET. 10374— Epworth— and re- |
pectablf; prices low. !
MARKET, 2482— 56: large sunny room; •■• small L
range: large closet. _^J \
MASON, 417, opp. Native Sons' Hall— Rooms i '.
with gas, grates, run. water: suites; single.
MINNA. 667, cor. Eighth— furnished bay-
window room. $1 .per week; transient.
MINNA. 727 V-— nice large sunny rooms, ',
gas and bath; rent $6 and $8.
MISSION, 945— Front room vrith folding bed
and kitchen: complete for housekeeping.
MISSION, 1043— Large front room; suitable for
2 gentlemen or man and wife. , . •
NATOMA, 245— Furnished rooms to let; $1. $1 25,
$150; housekeeping rooms $2 50 per week.
NATOMA. 282, near Fourth— 2 front unfurnish-
ed rooms; water and closet; rent 56.
••NEWPORT." 21 Franklin, nr. Market— Large ' I
bay-win, rms. and single. $5 up; also hskptr.
NICELY furnished sunny room, suitable for 2
gentlemen: reasonable. Address 709 Polk St., •
near Eddy. ■ :
NINTH. 118 — Pleasant room to rent: working
girl or woman; with board If desired. I '
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and 1 nfarn.
OAK, IS, near Market st. and Van Ness aye.—
Single, sunny, furnished room, $5.
OAK, 3Ss— Sunny room, nicely furnished; gas
and bath; cheap: private family.
OCTAVIA. 161. corner Page— Nicely furnished
large bay-window room.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator: electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
, EIRE] L, 230— Newly furnished sunny
suites; also single; transient solicited.
O'FARRELL. 63?— Nice sunny rooms; gas and
• modern conveniences; reasonable.
POLK, 1602— Unfurnished front room; also a
furnished small room. •
POWELL. 317 (formerly Cosmos Club)— El-
egantly furnished sunny rooms: reasonable.
RINCON place. 28. off Harrison, bet. First and
Second — View of bay; 1 large sunny room:
privilege to cook in the kitchen; lady or man
and wife; no children.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis St.— lncandescent
light, reading room, smoking room anil
ladles' parlor: rooms, per night. 35c to $1 59;
week, J2 to $S: month, $3 to $30: elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot, cold wat.: baths. •
SEVENTH. 262— Nice Funny rooms; detached
house; all modern conveniences.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Kiphth St..
near Market— "urninhed and unfurnished.!
SIXTH. 33. nr. Market, Hillsda! House— Ele-
gant furnished rooms; elevator: transient.
TENTH, 123, nr. Market— l. -or 3 large sunny
rooms: also housekeeping.
THE Heath, 312 Eddy First-class rooms
and board: hot and cold water; telephone;
modern; all conveniences.
THE Oaks, 119 Third— good rooming, house
for good people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
TURK. S36 — Large sunny corner alcove room;
handsomely furnished and overlooking Jeffer-
son square.
UNION Square House, 242 Stockton— Modern
rooms; by day, week or month: central.
UNION, 1213—1 furnished front room; rent $6
per month.
VALENCIA, 117— nicely furnished rooms.
VAN NESS AYE.. Single sunny front,
bath, gas. etc., $2 per week: desirable.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold:
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: phone Mint 43.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADlES!— Chlchester's English Pennyroyal
Pills are the best; safe, reliable; take no
other; send 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief
for Ladies," In letter by return mall; at drug-
gifts. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Philadel.. Pa,
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: tel. 5520.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In tha
United Strifes or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop..
722 Mission: goods guaranteed: tel. Clay 23.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post, cor. Powell: tel. Main 5713.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 7 (35 cents
per share) of the PAAUHAU SUGAR PLAN-
TATION COMPANY will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market St., on and
after Monday, September 11, 1899. Transfer
books will close on Tuesday, September 5,
IV". at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary
DIVIDEND Notice — California Schuetzen Club
Park and Building Association — A dividend
of 25 cents per share on the capital stock
of the California Schuetzen Club Park and
Building Association has been declared, pay-
able September 11. at the office of the Asso-
ciation. 12." Putter ft.
OTTO BURMEISTER. Secretary.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$990 L0T 40x108; northwest corner; 1 block
from W illow-st station.
$1100— Lot 50x150; San Antonio aye., near
Chestnut st.
$1200—33x125; 6-room cottage; fine location;
"snap."
— 40x108; 8-room house; Grand-st. station.
$3500—50x150; elegant new 8-room house; Clin-
ton aye., near Chestnut-st. station.
$3500 — 50x150; elegant 8-room new house; Ala-
mi:-. la aye., bet. Lafayette and Union sts.
All the above are close to schools and cen-
trally located and can be purchased on easy
terms; same as paying rent; investigate.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
1500 PARK ST., ALAMEDA. !
18 POST ST., S. P.
Office open Sundays and holidays.
FOUR elegant new up-to-date 2-story houses
of 7, S and 9 rooms and bath each; flrstclaas
neighborhood; near school and stations; street
work all complete: from $3000 to $4000; only
$600 cash and $25 and $30 per month; great bar-
gains; cheap lots for cash and houses to let
in all parts of Alameda.
— Lot 50x150; $200 cash and $20 per month;
fine, nearly new cottage; in a good neighbor-
hood: near High School and station.
$2500— Lot 35x115. with elegant residence of 8
rooms; in fine condition; macadamized street:
near station and school: great bargain; worth
$3600: any terms; fame as rent.
$2KO— 40x207:6: fine, new, modern 8-room
cottage; near High School and station; $500 cash
and $25 per month.
$1000— Lot 25x125; cottage of 5 rooms; street
work complete; near station; easy terms.
$1600— Lot 33:4x108: with a fine modern cot-
tage of 6 rooms and bath; nice garden; street
work all done; near station and school; $IUO
cash, balance 's2o per month.
$2S3O— $500 cash, balance $25 per month; lot
40x150. with new up-to-date cottage of 7 rooms
and bath; between broad and narrow gauge on
Morton st.
$3250-5500 cash. $25 per month; less than
rent; lot 40x150; elegant new 2-story, 8 rooms
and bath, on Morton St., near Morton-st. sta-
tion: best bargain In Alameda: elegant resi-
dences on Santa Clara aye. and Central aye.
at a bargain.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO..
. 1432 Park st.. Alanjeda.
$1250— A CHANCE of a lifetime; 5 rooms and
bath: partly new: lot 33x110; street work and
sidewalk; will rent for $15 per month. J. H.
YOUNG, 1243 Park st.
ABOUT finished, modern 8-roem house, choic-
est location; also modern cottage. 6 rooms;
lots 50xlV); easy terms. Apply 1518 Mozart
St., Mastick station, Alameda.
SNAP— New House, 8 rooms and bath; lot 50x
150; good location; 5 minutes' walk from sta-
tion. Apply to W. F. SCHULTE. 1612 Chapin.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
ALAMEDA ROOMS.
FURNISHED rooms, double or single; hot and
cold water shower baths; steam heat; tele-
phone near station; breakfast if desired;
every home comfort. 2101 Centra! aye.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladles In delicate health; largß
grounds: private. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
HILLEGAsT~TRACT
WITHIN 5 MINUTES FROM UNIVERSITY.
5 MINUTES FROM STATION.
LOTS 160 FEET IN DEPTH.
The cheapest, choicest property in Alameila
County. _. . ■ _
Apply to JOSEPH .1. MASON.
Real Estate. Berkeley Station.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
:..i '"■•• THIRTY ACRES FOR SALE.
■ Right in the heart of beautiful Berkeley,
■just fit to cut up, near the university and
railroad; fine view. Apply to JOSEPH J.
MASON. Postoffce block. Berkeley, or to
J. J. MORRIS. «30 Market St., San Francisco.
BERRYMAN station— Nos. 1423 and 142-1 Fpruce
st: two-story, seven rooms, modem nn.l new;
rental terms, asrent on premise-: to-day from
2 to 4 p. m. THE HOME BUILDING CO.,
room 2, 222 Sansome st.
COTTAGE, almost new. 5 rooms, bath; pp.ntry;
folding doors; 2 bay windows; large lot: street
sewerc-d and macadamized; cement sidewalk;
close to . railroad station, stores, schools,
churches electric ear* price $lS00; only IWI
cash, balance $17 50 monthly, this Is a rare
chance to •-' ft nice home in first-class neigh-
borhood: take Berkeley train, get off at Lorin
station, ask for RUDOLPH & PERKINS' of-
fice: open Sundays and evenings.
2 LOTS, 1 block from park. East Berkeley;
cheap; terms cash. Box 2J83, Call.
C. C. BEMIS. Real Estate and General Land
Agent. :■'-• Montgomery St.
In Berkeley— Corner lot 87x150, with modern
house of 9 rooms.
CHEAPEST and best In America.— Weekly
Call; 1C paces, sent to any address In tha
United States or Canada one year for 11.
postage paid.
1718
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRLITVALK HKAI. ■jTATIC.
$175— Very cheap lot, 75x100, only three block* \
from electric cars; cost owner $400. !
House of two rooms, eood well, wind-
jnlll and tank; lot BOxlSO; all fenced. A tfreat
bargain. Owner is going to Alaska, bee this
* l s7 oo^ e Cottage of four rooms and basement, ;
five chicken-houses, one pigeon-house good j
we ll and force , imp; lot BOxlSO; fenced and
C 7s^G n r C ca d t bargain. Cottage of four rooms,
bain, chlcken-houaes, one ►Oder-house, good
■woll nd pump; lot 75x130; near electric cars
«l-'oo— Modern cottage of five rooms and bath. ;
naven-foot basement, good well barn and ;
chicken-hou.«e; lot ;, x u6. See this lor a bar- ,
g "l"u0— Three acres Of rich sandy loam, with
house of three rooms, barn, chicken-houses,
hogpens, good well and pump; line place for
raising chickens.
e'><w_cottaKS of four rooms and bath, bam, j
five chicken-houses, 100 chickens, one cow, one
horse harness and wagon; choice fruit trees
and shrubbery; lot 150x140; all fenced.
\ good opportunity to buy or trade business
Droperty fronting electric car line, consisting
of three acres of rich soil, with house of seven
rooms, largo barn, tine well, windmill and
tank ' Owner will sell on easy t^rms or ex-
change tor city property. Investigate this.
Sure chance to make money. For particulars :
a> r il. A. PLRITNER. Frultvale station, Cal.
5450 For sale, 2-room house, well and pump;
lot 60x180; 4 blocks of local station.
}30o— Three-room house; lot 60x100; near
school; good neighborhood.
$650— House of 4 large rooms; lot 50x100: good
woll and imp.
J1350 House of 6 rooms, furnished, barn and
chicken-house, free water; lot front* on two |
streets; a fine place for raisins chickens. i
jSOO— The finest building lots on Frultvala
B- •• • size of lots, 60x130; some nice fruit trees
on lots; these are the best building lots In
Fruitvale. . ,
$4500— Eight-room house in the best part of
Frultvale, large grounds; plenty of fruit in j
bear!nß - J. W. ELROD.
The Home Building Company Office.
Fruitvale Station.
Or BERRT WALL, BSD Market St..
San Francisco.
$17C0— MODERN cottage of 6 large rooms, near
local nation; easy terms. 11750— Five-room
rr.odorn cottage, lot 80x126, near electric road: ;
easy terms. $I."*— Horse, spring wagon. 1.3
chickens, two large chicken-houses. House
of threo rooms, I I ;h basement, to rent, only
15 monthly: lot 50x100.
C B. LOTYUY. Frultvale Realty Co ,
White Front, Fruitvalo Station.
FINEST building lot on Fruitvale aye.; sire,
75xl.V>: at a bargain.
j7,-,o_snxlSo. near Frultvale aye.; lot cov-
ered with full-hearing fruit trees.
J. S. JOHNSON, 972 Broadway, Oakland.
FOR SALE— About 4 acres of choice assortment i
of fruit trees, new cottage of 5 rooms, bath.
lnrpe pantry; fine well of water, windmill and |
t;ink- chickens; yard. Inquire on premises.
!■ I. HAVES. Koncll aye.. Elmh-.irst. >
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
PFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
HUGH M^AMEROIT BROKER>
1058 Broadway, Oakland. !
$200— lot: X 127 feet; sunny side of the
street; in Lorin.
$600— Lot 80x100; corner; 2 Improved streets;
close to San Pablo aye.; suitable for business
or residence.
$i;so— House of 4 rooms and 50-foot lot; Just I
oft San Pablo aye.
jiooo— Cottage of 5 rooms; lot 26x12» feet; on I
Adeline St., near Twenty-eighth.
— Cottage of 6 rooms: lot 76x140 feet; 70
bearing fruit trees; barn, etc.; in East Oak-
land.
J2ooo— Old cottage of 9 rooms and lot 34x100
feet; located handy to Broadway in the very
best location.
HUGH M. CAMERON,
Real Estate Broker,
101 Broadway, Oakland.
E. E. BUNCE,
i)OS BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
SOUND AND SAFE INVESTMENTS.
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$100.000— Rental 1800 per month.
RESIDENCES.
Large list of new houses for sal«
from $13i)0 to $20,000.
Large list of homes for sale on
easy terms.
$2<K>o— 100x126 ft. ; 8 rooms: snap.
Cottage— l24xl2s ft; central.
Reduced to $2000.
ACRE TRACTS.
RANCHES.
12600—20 acres near Oakland.
Plenty of running water; room
house"; cheapest piece of land
'n this State.
LARGE LIST FOR EXCHANGE.
{:000— 20 ■ res near Oakland.
3'i page catalouge of ranches
and city homes; mo.n reliable
land office in the State; before
you buy or loan your money on Califor-
nia real estate got my opinion of
It* value. E. E. I! U NO E. .908 Broadway,
Oakland.
"
MUST HE SOLD
Flojtnr.t home In East Oakland, on hi?h
ground: NE. corner lot, 7.".\!-\'.; strwet work
all dono; house only four years old: I room-,
bath, cemented basement with furnace: attic
floored; Ing-room in solid oak: beautiful
reception hall: every modem Improvement;
house In flrst-clacs condition; will be sold for
$0000; cost 19000.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE,
903 Broadway, Oakland.
room 18, second floor. Mills bldg., San Fran-
cisco.
$2500— VERY handsome cottage home of 6
rooms, laundry and bath: everything of the
very latest style, such as window ..oats, book-
case and sideboard built in dining-room; front
door with full bevel ptateglass, double edge;
rolled rim porcelain tub: porcelain sink, etc.;
lot 50 foot front: Just a stop to car line; sunny
exposure; can make terms to suit; this Is a
decided snap ,
GEORGE B. M. GRAY.
451 Ninth street.
$4r<v>— ONE of the best locations In Oakland;
fine n'w and modern house; never been oc-
cupied; eight rooms, laundry and bath;
French plate windows: large lot, 50 foot front;
all nick«l-plated, open plumbing; plenty of
window seats built throughout; would pay to
Investigate before buying.
GEORGE B. M. GRAY,
454 Ninth street,
AT original low prices; four-room cottages In
North Oakland, built before the heavy Rd-
vance in building material, are still on Rale
at original prices, subject to advance at any
time by order of owners; don't delay Inves-
tigation; own your home; stop paying rent:
solid for particulars, stating the amount you
desire to Invest. R. J. MONTGOMERY, 470
Thirteenth st., Oakland.
$7000— FINELY improved ranch of 15 acres; all
In full bearing fruit trees and vineyard; one-
half of the crop this season paying $1100: only
1 mile from Haywards. J. S. JOHNSON,
972 Broadway, Oakland.
LOOK— SI7S buys one of those beautiful Peralta
aye. lots In the I leering Tract. Frultvale;
terms easy; sewers; city water; title per-
foct. H. W. DAVIS, Sole Agent, room 9, 90S
Broadway, Oakland.
$1350 — DO you want a new modern 4 or 5 room
home In East Oakland? near depot. Writu
to J. S. JOHNSON, 972 Broadway, Oakland.
$20 CASH, $5 monthly till paid for— A nice
plain home for a bachelor, lot 45x250 feet,
price $-"0 all told; a hard-to-beat bargain; 250
, feet new fencing, large grove of trees, cli-
mate, soil and view the best, no fogs nor
raw winds here: near a 90-foot boulevard and
electric car linos: fine 3-story schnolhouse
Close by; 62 families located within 2 years;
building up rapidly. Call or send for circu-
lar. 455 Seventh St., near Broadway. Oak-
land. Carriage free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
$5750— REDUCED from $7000 to assure a quick
•ale; neighborhood Franklin, near 19th st. ;
Gothic Colonial style: new and all up-to-date
conveniences; electrical appliances, plate-
class; 9 rooms, etc.: an elegant bargain: see-
Ins is believing; call early. J. S. MYERS, 1001
Broadway. Oakland.
' £0x120;- on 7th aye., nr. J St., S. F., to exchange
for Oakland or Frultvale property; not over
OMB. BERNED. 520 Bth St.. Oakland.
PIEDMONT Park— Lot 3 in plat G: whole or
in subdivision. Apply A. J. X.. 2324 Clay St.,
San Francisco.
$10.000— OLD established business. Apply to B.
E. Bt'NCE. 908 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAXb~FURXISHED~HOUSEB7~
FULLY furnished house. 6 rooms, gas and coal
ranges; low to adults. 1463 Twenty-third
aye.. East Oakland. -
HOUSE 12 rooms: large grounds; convenient for
2 families; lease for 1 year; $30. A. 8., Call
office, Oakland. -; , ,:■
OAKLAND FI'RXITL T RE IcOR Sill.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Lauron B. Skolton and Jessie Russell "5-29
James J. Laity and Addle Hutchlnson 25-20
Edward Hoffmann and Martha Peterelt. 26-18
11. L. Sklrvln and Bessie T. Sutton 2S-20
E. B. Barthold and Lizzie Schumacher 23-22
William .1. Layton and Lizzie M. Gerlach.. 29-29
F. Mans! and Josephine Baylena 23-18
W. I!. Manders and Josephine Eicholzer 2S-22
Victor Popoff and Sophia A. Heppner 86-19 j
A. A. Stewart and Ida H. McKay 42-37
F. R. Rodgers and Mary J. Pelster 40-30
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage ami death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices, and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BUTTERWORTH— In this city. August 19, 1599.
to tlje wife of J. H. Butterworth, a daughter.
CONNOLLY— In this city. August 25, ISS9, to |
the wife of J. F. Connolly, a son.
DEVTJREAUX— In this city, September 2, 1899, i
to the wife of W. J. Devereaux, a son.
DE VECCHI— this city. September 1, 1899,
to tho wife of Ed de Vecchl, a son.
GOLLNER— In this city. August 24. 1899, to th« ]
wife of William Gollner, a son.
HANLON— In this city, August 12, 1599, to the
wife of Philip Har.lon. a daughter.
MCLAUGHLIN— this city. September 1. 1899.
to th.» wife of Thomas J. McLaughlln, a son.
MARKS— In this city, August 31. ISM», to the
wife of Abe- Marks, a son.
MEYER— this city, August 27.. 1899, to the
wife of F. W. Meyer, a daughter.
MEYERS— In this city, September i. 1899. to the
wife of Charles Meyers, a son.
MIRK— In this city, August 30, 1899, to th«
wife of Thomas Mirk, a daughter.
MURPHY— In this city, August 29, 1899. to the
wife of Michael Murphy, a son.
NFWHOFF— In this city, August 13. 189S, to
the wife of William M. Newhoff, a son.
OBSTERMANN— In this city, August 23, 1539,
to the wife of L. Oestermann, a daughter.
OTTO— In this city, August 30, 1599, to the
wife of Paul Otto, a son.
ROLPH— In this city. August 30, 1599. to the
wife of William N. Rolrh. a son.
MARRIED.
BRYANT— RIEHM— In Auckland. N. Z.. Au-
gust 2. IS9?, by the Rev. Father Darby, F. |
Esmelton Bryant and Grace A. Rlehm.
BOWMAN— JOHNSON— In Mariposa, August j
30. IS!<9. Franklin Bowman of Mariposa and ■
Harrlette Frances Johnson of San Francisco.
CZiERWINSKY— MAGNER— In this city, Au-
gust 31, 1899, by Rabbi Isidore Myers, Julius
Czerwlnsky of Los Angeles and Bertha Mag- j
nor of San Francisco.
EPPERTSHAUSER— MANN— In this city, Au- i
gust 27. 1899, by Rabbi Isidore Myers, Ignatz
Eppertshauser and Rose Mann, both of San i
Francisco. !
HEWITT— HADLER— In this city. August 31.
1599. by the Rev. Frederic C. Lee, Frank
Hewitt and Annie C. Hadler, both of San ;
Francisco.
SCHOENFELDER— In Reno. Nev. '
August 28, 1899, H. Schoenfelder and Mrs.
F.tta Mecgee of Oakland.
STELLING— DOERR— In this city. August 29,
1899, by the Rev. J. Fuendellnsr. Heinrich '
Stellir.g and Rosie Doerr.
HIGGINS— this city, at St. Mary's
Cathedral, by the Rev. Father Dempsey,
George Uhl and Kitty Higgins, both of San ',
Francisco.
WILLIAMS— In Virginia City, Nev..
July S. 1599, Fred Williams and Elizabeth V.
Rlehm. j
DIED.
Butler. Edward S. Jackson, Richard
Callaghan. Michael McMahon, Annie M. ;
• Connelly, Timothy Mathews. Arthur W.
Davis, Corporal H. Morse, Benjamin T.
Draco, Elizabeth Neumann, Henry
Finger, Louisa Owens, Agnes '
Hahn. Anna R. Ryan. James I
Herzog, Paul Schmidt, Mr?. Helena '
Holser, Adam Sickles, Frederick
Heuer. George Soltslen, H. A.
Huling, Eloanor M. Ta^gart. Alexander
Imgarten, Katherine
BUTLER— At the Sanitarium, San Gabriel, Ed- :
ward S., beloved son of Thomas and Ellza^
beth M. Butler, a native of San Francisco.
Solemn mass of requiem at St. Ignatius
Church to-morrow (Monday), at 9:30 o'clock. j
Interment private. No flowers.
CALLAGHAN— In this city, September 2, 1899,
Michael Callaghan, a native of Ireland, aged
45 years.
CONNELLY —In Yountville, Napa County, j
Timothy Connelly, a native of Ireland, aged
SI years.
DAVIS— On United States Army Transport j
Grant, August I°, 1899 Corporal Harold j
Davis, Company K. First North Dakota In- !
fant rv, United States Volunteers, a native of {
Now Hampshire, aged 20 years and 2 months. ;
Remains at the parlors of the California
Undertaking Company, 4'j6 Powell street, near
Post.
DRACE— In Alameda, September 1. 1599, Eliza- .
beth Draco, dearly beloved mother of Mrs.
Gus E. Dorn and George W. and Charles K.
Bennett, a native of England, aged 57 years. j
(St. Louis, Mo . papers please copy.)
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the Funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the residence
of er daughter, 1162 Broadway.' Alameda.
Interment private. Mountain View Cemetery,
Oakland.
FINGER — In this city. September 1. 1899, 1
I. .ii. -a dearly beloved wife of Jacob Finger,
aged r7 years.
C -■'.:■ funeral will take place this day ;
(Sunday), at '■• o'clock, from the parlors of
the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company, I
S and 10 City Hall square. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
HAHN— In this city. September 1. 1599, Anna
X.. beloved wife of Henry Hahn. mother of
Anna and Henry A. Hahn, daughter of Jacob
A. and Maria Thaten, and sistor of Peter and
Trlna Thaten, Mrs. George Archambault and
Mrs. B. F. Johnson, a native of Stockton,
aged 30 years 2 months and 12 days.
ET7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 22fi'j Fulton street, between Van Ness
avenue and Franklin street. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery.
HERZOG- In this city, September 1, 1599, Paul
Hen beloved brother of Herman, Frank
and William Herzog. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 32 yean 7 months and 20 days.
g7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend th* funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Julius S. Godeau. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
HEISER In Byron. September 1, 1993, Adam,
beloved husband of Roslna Heisor, and father
of Lena, Emma, George and Otto Holser, a
native of Hessea-Darmstadt, Germany, aged
64 years 2 months and IS days.
|7Frlends and acquaintances arc respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, Byron, Contra Costa County. Inter-
ment private.
HEUER — In this city. September 2, 1593,
George, beloved husband of Frieda Heuer,
father of Ethel and William Heuer. son of
William and Gertrude Heoer, ami brother of
Ilelnrich, Theodor and Julius Heuer, a na-
tive of Bremervoerde, Hanover. Germany,
aged 20 years and I months. A member of
Hannoveraner Verein; Schiller Stamm No.
278, U. O. R. M., and Red Men's Shooting
Section.
F"njetids and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday.
September ."p. st 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 929 York street, between Twenty-first
and Twenty-second. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
HULING —In this city, September 1. I*9o,
Eleanor May, dearly beloved and only daugh-
ter of Thomas It. and Mary M. Huling, and
dear sister of Henry J.. Bert and Philip Hui-
ing, a native of San Francisco, aged 13 years
8 months and IS days.
Z ?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from th-» residence
of the parents. 10 Ellert street, between North
avenue and Bennlngton street. Holly Park,
thence to St. Mary's College Church, whore
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery-
IMGARTEN— this city, ember 1. 1599,
{Catherine, doarly beloved -.site of William
ln:j;.-trten, and sister of Henry Wrobloff, Mrs.
11. Wreden, Mrs. S. V. in SCO and the late Mrs.
Anna Menken, a native of Bremenvorde.
Germany, aged 57 years 11 months and 20
days.
IC7"Frionds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth, thence to Druids'
Hall. 413 Sutter street, where funeral services
will be held under the auspices of Hoffnung's
Lodge No. 1, O. d. H. S.. commencing at 1
o'clock. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
JACKSON— In the City and County Hospital,
September 1, ISC'?. Richard Jackson, a native
of Russia, aged 57 years.
McMAHON— In this city, Septomber L 1899,
Annie M., beloved wife of William 3. Mc-
Mahon, a native of San Francisco, aged 2S
years and 6 months.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 12 Elizabeth street, thence to St.
James Church, corner of Twenty-third and
Guerrero streets, for services, commencing at
12:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery, by carriage.
MATHEWS— In this city, September 2. 1899,
Arthur W., beloved and only son of Charles
and Terese Mathews, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 5 years and 8 months.
Friends of the family are respectfully
invited to attend the funeral to-morrow (Mon-
day), at 10 o'clock, from the residence of his
HhNRV d. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanr.agan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
THE SAN ERAKCISCO CALL,, STINPAY, SEPTEMBER 3. 1899.
parents, 386 San Jose avenue, near Twenty-
sixth street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MORSE— In this city. September 2. 1599. Benja-
min T., beloved husband of Ellen Agnes
Morse, and father of Benjamin Mason and
Ethel Laurel Morse, a native of Thomaston,
Me., aged 68 years. (Thomaston, Me., papers
please copy.)
NEUMANN— In this city, August SI. 1899.
Henry dearly beloved husband of Louisa
Neumann, beloved father of May Neumann,
son of Adam Neumann, ! brother of Mrs. . T.
F A. Obermeyer and Phillip and Adam Neu-
mann Jr.. and son-in-law of Mrs. Jacob Dil-
las a native of New York, aged 37 years and
6 months. A member of the Teutonla Society.
(New York papers please copy.) • .<*; ■ ,'.- J.
>jr?"The funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Gahtnor & Guntz Undertaking Company,
S and 10 City Hall square. Funeral private.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. Please omit
flowers.
OWENS— In this city, September 2, 1599. Acnes,
beloved daughter of Edward and Laura
Owens, a native of San Francisco, aged 7
months and 19 days.
RYAN— In Milpltas, August 31. 1899. James, be-
loved husband of Hannah Ryan, and father
Of Mrs. J. Flanagan, Mrs. A. Austin and M.
J. and J. H. Ryan, a native of County Kil-
dare. Ireland, a*ced 71 years.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:45 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence '49 Natoma street, thence to St. at-
' rick's Church for services at 2 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SCHMIDT— At the Altenhelm, Fruitvale, Sep-
tember 2, 1899, Mrs. Helena Schmidt, a na-
tive of Offenbach-am-Maln, Germany, aged
96 years.
SICKLES— In the City and County Hospital,
September 2. 1899. Frederick Sickles, a native
of New York, aged 25 years.
SOLTSIEN— In this city, September 2. 1599, at
his residence. Twenty-fifth and Indiana
streets. Potrero, H. A., beloved husband of
Delia Soltslen. a- native of Berlin, Germany,
aged 71 years.
[CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
TAGGART— In this city, September I, 1899,
Alexander, beloved husband of Bridget Tag-
part, and father of Robert, John, James and
Hannah Taggart and Mrs. Stanovich. a na-
tive of County Antrim, Ireland, aged SO
years.
tCFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 11:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, - 4'A Federal street, thence to St.
Brendan's Church, where services will be held
for the repose of his soul, commencing at
12 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CARD OF THANKS.
Mrs. D. Barthold and children express their
heartfelt thanks for the kindness shown to
her deceased husband during his long sickness
and the noble sympathy demonstrated by the
attendance at the funeral and the tribute of
flowers.
September 2. ISO?. ___^__ I
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
T R H.ilmes & w. Mass A Macki», New Orlns
J A Migllavacca, Napa V.' Magulre, Dutch Fit
;J N \ns~U 0B A .1? H Collins. Stanford
; S Hirst. Vallejo W G Morrison, Stanfrd
M T Peekey, Novato IE A Smith Jr, Stanfrd
I C N Rook, Pocatello R B Ellery. U 3 V
1 W Murray, Pleasanton H D Mitchell, V S A
Mrs E FSuydam, 111 R II Tschrady, Idaho
: J n Former. Ky J N Templeton, Cal
3i: Veagney, U8 V H C Scales, Idaho
i J L Buivhneld U S V W G Scales. Idaho
C W Sell Stanford L C Ashbrook, I'enver
I H S Lee Stanford J T Ashbrook. Denver
! J A Schaefer, Stanfrd Mrs W G Terrill. Cal
! E I Thayer, Btantord J J Conners, Salinas
!H L Morrison, Stanfrd |C P chamberlain, Cal
; E S Lovett, Stanford H Hamilton, Los Ang
T E Palmer. Stanford Mrs D J Narbrung. 11l
C P Allen. Stanford Mrs H B Hall, Ls Anj |
Miss F i' Maxwell. Sac Mrs O R Green. L Ang
: R McCall. Phlla Mrs E Groen. Ls Ang
L G James, Portland T W Capnon, N T
■ G R Parkinson &w.Cal H Lemon & w, Nev
, Mrs H W Mitchell, Cal A W Whitney. Ls Any
Mrs F Hook, Hookston E T Scribner, Rocklln
Mr- M Hook, Hookston Mrs L Pine. lowa
Mrs II Raap Martinez R L Vnnderhurst, Oa.l
i L Thompson, Wash W v Gibson, Salinas
J H Fbersnle. Cm 3 Gibs m & w, Cal
E LJndley IHxon o Hubbell &w, La
tllsi M ic-e San Jose Capt A Sharpley, tTSA
Miss E Magee, Sn Jose O P Nanert, Alvarado
J Smith. Alameda J W Augustine, Wasb j
'• J C Craig, Woodland S Rummelsberg, Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
M Junghandre, N V N W Carrir.gton. F/ni
J W FCnox, Merced J A Irwin, London
1 F Morgan. Liverpool P E Umb. Stanford
1, I. vonWedeklnd.USN Mr* S Luna, N W
J W Percival. London Mrs S Luna, N V
I' Dlckson, Sweden F ii Jackson, N V
Mrs G A Lung. Butto '". A Caswell, L Ang
1 C Fridlx-rg. Tole<lo Miss O Caswell. L Ang
.. Bowden, San Jose GC Day, ss Newark
•j X Patton, San Jom ■ •■ Wills, 1 mdon
Q c.it.t, Melbourne iMlss Wiils. London
B C Houck. N .1 Miss Brown. London
Mrs s C H.'uck. N J F Hansee, Ohi i
Mrs W H Conger, N J J F Carter, t: 3 N
Miss Conger, N J H Crowell. Clevelano
L H P Carrlnßton,Eng J C Muir, Stanford
R II Berry I' S V M Maertens. Hr.nolultt '
3 Peterson. U S V Miss Kowski. china
t; V. Moore, V S V Miss Q Peake London |
E F Froemins. D S V J W Sinnott .t w. Pa ;
R Potunan, 0 S V ; Mis»es O'Reilly. Va
c GUtschka 08 V |S Cattner &w. Phila
G Conway, Portland jA J Neville, London
Mrs M Luna, Colo IS W fnstner. Phila
C Angenett, Germany IP C Castner. Phila
p C O'Rlelly Portld A J Rums. Ohio
C Gazley. Chicago W G ''utter. OBN
R T J{.it Denver G X Greenleaf. Wash j
T H Fox, Ls Ang J B Peakes. Sta Cms ;
NKW WESTERN HOTEL.
! J Sterling. Mexico |J W Payne, H C
T M Hamilton, Mexico W E Reavls, S Rosa
(; F Wood, !'-Tu IE Smith, Idaho
H H Hoover & w, Tex J Sweeney, Idaho
R C Holllfleld & w.T.'X C W Hiake. Chicago
Mrs C Bristow, S Jose .1 !' Deshaw A w, Nev
D McDonald, B Pablo IR Q Priest. Monterey
' Mist Osborne, Fre^n,, FLe ;nar,l &w. S JOSfl
'. .-. Schlsmer w. Cal .1 A Henry, Sacramento
Mrs Clemens, Oakdale S K-.iman. Stockton
Mrs it ii Payne. B C
RELIC OF MISSION DAYS.
Monterey Man Finds an Ancient
Pair of Shoes.
MONTEREY, Sept. L— V. Canet, who
occupies the old Girardin homestead on
Houston street, while ransacking an un
u»( d closet in the house, came upon a
pair of shoes that were so odd that hid
curiosity ■was at once aroused and he ex
amined them carefully.
They are made of rawhide, the work
manship b>i:i^ r extremely crude, and are
apparently very old. The poles are half
an Inch thick, and in order to curve the
uppers in the proper shape small cuts
were made on the surface of the rawhide.
Those who have seen the shoes say thore
is no doubt that they were made by one
of the Mission Indians.
The shi.os are like some that have de-
I scendeu from father to son since Mission
i days, only the workmanship is very much
more r-rude, thus showing them to be
nui'-h older.
Mr. Canet found the shoes hidden away
: bo hind a vast accumulation of other ar
tlcles, which sc-emed not to have been
I moved for fifty years or more, so thickly
were they covered with the dust and cob
; webs of time, and it is believed the shoes
; were cast off by some one— probably one
j of the Indian peons attached to the house
| hnld of some former occupant of the old
dwelling.
JURY FAILS TO AGREE.
Unable to Convict a Banker Who
Failed to Turn Over Money.
CHICAGO. Sept. 2.— The jury sitting In
the case of Edward S. Drover, the former
prominent banker, charged with failing 1
to turn over to his successor as treasurer !
of the West Park Board $319,000 of the j
board's funds, to-day announced that they
could not agr-^e upon a verdict.
Dreyer was in IR% treasurer of the West
Park Board and senior member of the
banking linn of E. S. Dreyer & Co. With i
the crash of the National Bank of Illinois
numerous smaller institutions, among
them Dreyer & Co., went under. Dreyer !
had deposited the board funds in the I
National Bank of Illinois, and his defense !
was that the loss of the money was
through no fault of his.
Discredits Murder Theory.
SANTA ROSA. S"pt 2.— Coroner Pierce
of Sonoma County stated this afternoon
that the man Gianzini, the section hand
|of the North Pacific Coast Railroad
' found dead near Occidental, probably died
lof alcoholism. He does not believe the
theory that murder was committed. When
he read the dispatch from San Raiael
that the man's neck was broken when
the body was taken there for burial the
Coroner" said when he examined the body
the neck was not broken.
Visited by Prince of Walea.
! Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1599, by James Gor
don Bennett.
MARIENBAD, Sept. The Prince of
Wales, accompanied only by his equerry.
Captain Fortesque, left here this morning
! by a special train for Eger. where a pri
i vate continental carriage will be attached
to the Frankfort train. The Prince is on
his way to visit Empress Frederick at
! Cronberg.
♦
Fruit for the Exposition.
FRESNO. Sept. 2.— S. F. Booth went to
! San Francisco last night to confer with
W. H. Mills of the Southern Pacific in re-
I gard to the Fresno County exhibit at the
i Paris Exposition. A specialty will he
made of tigs and raisins. The Fresno fljj
crop is particularly good this year, and no
difficulty will be experienced in getting
good samples.
EXPLORING THE
WILDS OF ALASKA
Glenn Party Maps Out
New Trails.
Sreclal Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Sept. 2.— Some details of
the progress made by the Glenfi mili
tary exploring party in the Cook Inlet
and Shushitna River country, Alaska,
have been brought here by Quarter
master's Clerk P. H. Kuhn.
Unexpected success was achieved by
the expedition, he reports, as far as its
general purposes went. The Shushitna
has been demonstrated to be navigable
for a distance of over 150 miles from
Its mouth, with a minimum depth of
water of three feet. Two of its branches
were ascended and found to be naviga
ble for ordinary river boats of compar
atively light draught.
In a general way the exploration of
the interior of the country is progress
ing favorably, four parties being now
on their way to their several destina
tions.
Before Kuhn left Tynook the last of
the four parties detailed by Captain
Glenn to penetrate the interior had got
ten safely over the divide. One party
was led by Lieutenant J. A. Herron,
with nine men and Indian guides,
bound for the mouth of the Tanana.
The object of this expedition, like
others, was to discover trails leading
to the interior. Lieutenant Herron's
Indian guides deserted when he crossed \
the divide, but he will be able to reach |
his objective point.
Another parly of eight, In command
of J. L. Van Schoonover, is well on the
ivaj; to Circle City and should get
through in good season.
Still another party, In charge of
which is Topographer C. FJ. Griffith, is
working over the divide to Eagle City
and mapping out a new trail for pros
pectors.
Finally an expedition was prepared
which was instructed to discover a
practical route for a trail from Knik
Arm, on Cook Inlet, to Portage Bfiy, on
Prince William Sound. This party has
a great deal of work in sight, the coun
try being rough In the extreme and
filled with glaciers.
There are plenty of destitute miners
still in the Copper River country and
some even In the Cook Inlet district.
DECIDES CRANES GULCH
MINES ARE PLACERS
Judge Bennett Files an Opinion in
the Famous Georgetown
Suit.
PLACERVILLE, Sept. 2.— A decision
I was handed down to-day by Judge M.
P. Bennett in the Superior Court in the
| famous Cranes Gulch mining case, in
volving the title of the Cranes Gulch j
placer mine near Georgetown, in this j
county. The decision is of interest to
every miner on the coast, as the case
presented many new and novel princi
ples in mining law.
Cranes Gulch was patented as a plac
er mining claim in 1572 by Messrs. Wat
son and Whitesides, who afterward
sold it to the California Water and
Mining Company. The claim for years
was worked as a hydraulic placer mine.
In May, 1837, Joseph and Frank.
■ Sherrer and Clifford Cheek of George
i town located the ground as a quartz-
I mining claim, and, sinking a shaft,
were richly rewarded, finding: numer-
I ous seams of quartz rich in gold. The
defendant, the California Water and
; Mining Company, enjoined the miners
! claiming title under their placer patent.
' The injunction to-day was made per
; petual. Judge Bennett holding that the
i ground was placer and the presence of j
■ the quartz seams did not constitute the
| mine a quartz mine within the meaning
!of the Federal statute relating to
mines.
The case was tried in March last and
was one of the most stubbornly con
tested mining cases ever tried in the
courts of 'his county. Leading ex
perts testified in the case, Hon. George
K. Williams and R. W. Wltmer of this
: city representing the corporation plain
tiff and Tabor & Tabor and J. M. Ful
weiler of Auburn the defendants. The
case will be appealed to the Supreme
Court.
GREAT BRITAIN MAKES
IMPORTANT CONCESSIONS
An Agreement as to the Alaskan
Boundary Line May Soon Be
Reached.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 2.— lmportant con
cessions have been made by Great Britain,
acting for Canada, in the matter of the
Alaskan boundary dispute. This encour
ages the belief that an agreement for the
establishment of a temporary boundary
line may be reached next week.
The officials are reticent concerning' the
character of these concessions, but it is
understood that in the final draft of the
t modus Vivendi under consideration no pro
vision will be made for a free port on tho
: Lynn canal for Canada. It seems to be
i the general Impression that In the per
! manent arrangement for the settlement of
I the dispute it will be agreed that Great
Britain shall have a port on Lynn canal
■under lease from this government, per
haps for ninety-nine years, no matter how
the other points of the controversy may
be settled.
Although Canada has apparently
changed her attitude and agreed to make
tho concessions which Great Britain has
advanced, It may lie stated that Secretary
Hay has not withdrawn from the position
assumed by this Government that the
boundary line be placed to the northward
of the village of Kluckwan. No matter
whether the dispute is temporarily set-
I tled or not, this Government thinks that
1 it would not do to relinquish a foot of ter
ritory which Is undoubtedly American,
and Great Britain fully understands the
purpose of the United States not to with
draw.
Secretary Hay will thoroughly discuss
the Alaska question to-morrow or Mon
i day with the President and determine the
! attitude of the United States, now that
j there is a prospect of a temporary set
! tlement, at least, of the boundary contro
versy.
♦
WEARY TRAMP FROM
SAN ROQUE PLACERS
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 2.— Among 1 the
returning victims from the San Rogue
placer digpings in Lower California are
Mr. and Mrs. W. N. Smith of Denver,
who reached this city to-day on their
return trip, after having walked 550
miles in their struggle to get back to
civilization, and who are now at the
Linwood Hotel.
When the couple left Denver they had
several hundred dollars, but the ex
penses of the trip were so great that
when they discovered the trap into
which they had been led by false re
ports which came from the peninsula
they were not prepared to get out in
proper shape, and the long, hard tramp
was forced upon them. For mile after
mile, day after day, they struggled
against all manner of hardships, in a
country almost inconceivably hot and
desolate, until their feet were swollen
and blistered and every step caused
them agony.
Mr. Smith is an old miner, but he de
clares that he has never encountered
such hardships as those of Lower Cali
fornia, which he thinks is more for
bidding than the Klondike and lacks the
wealth of the latter country.
NEGRO SUFFRAGE
ENDANGERED
Bitter Political Fight Is
Waged.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ATLANTA, Ga., Sept. 2.— The Jour
nal this afternoon publishes a sensa
tional story from its special correspond
ent, who has recently been in North
Carolina, on the campaign commenced
there by the white people, both Demo
crats and Republicans, to disenfran
chise 100,000 negro voters in that State.
The Journal says:
"North Carolina has just entered
upon one of the most eventful cam
paigns in her history. It is a death
struggle between the Anglo-Saxon and
the African, and when the* smoke of
battle will have cleared the political
and social supremacy of the white man,
for the time, and for all time, will either
be absolute arid unconditional or else
negro domination will again immerse
the State in ignominy and disgrace.
The campaign is waged on a proposed
suffrage amendment to the constitu
tion submitted to the people by th<* last
Legislature. It was designed for the
single purpose of eliminating the negro
as a political factor, and it is a notable
fact that the educational qualification
enjoined on the negro is not expected
of the white man. It is not intended
that an Anglo-Saxon shall be disquali
fied.
"Every person of eligible age who
applies for registration, for instance,
must be able to read and write any
section or sections of the Federal con
stitution. Under this clause 100,000 in
competent negro voters in North Caro
lina will be forever barred from the
polls. But the ignorant white voters —
and there are perhaps thousands of
them — can enter through another gate.
"Section 5 provides that any lineal
descendant of any voter in this country
prior to 1867 shall be entitled to vote
whether he can read and write or not.
"It is more than a political fight; it
Is a fight in defense of home and de
cency. It is a constitutional decree
that the Anglo-Saxon shall govern in
this State. On this platform the Dem
ocracy stands. The Republicans have
challenged this amendment for party
protection. The issue has been joined.
For thirty years it has been dodged,
evaded, beclouded. It is to the point
now. It is the crucial test between
Southern Republicanism and Southern
Democracy/^
LOS ANGELES PREPARES
TO WELCOME BATTERY D
Members of the Company Will Re-
ceive Their Old Positions After
Muster Out.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 2.-Th<? local war
board held a meeting this afternoon to
consider details pertaining to the recep
tion of Battery D, California Heavy Ar
tillery, when it arrives here after muster
out. It was determined among other
things to request the Board of Educa
tion to allow the. school children to be
marshaled at different points on the line j
of march of the pafade, which will be
a feature of the reception of Battery D,
the children to sing "America" as the
soldiers pass and wave small American
flaps with which they will be equipped.
The board also has under way a grand
benefit performance to lie given at the
Orphcum here on behalf oi a fund which |
le to be used to give material assistance
to such of the volunteers as may need
It. The various theatrical troupes* in the
city and local talent will contribute their
services to the benefit performance. The
entire proceeds of the entertainment will
go to the fund and a handsome sum is
expected. Leading local organizations
evince a willingness to pay big prices for
boxes and lng,-s and the present state of
public Interest in thp matter assures an
overflowing attendance at prices far in
advance of usual theater rates here.
Local business men with *»x-e inployes
in the battery declare they are willing to
reinstate the men in situations held at
the time of enlistment. This movement
was started well to-day when W. C. Pat
terson, leading merchant and banker, an
nounced that Corporal Doyle would be
re-i-mployed by him, anil Al Levy, a
prominent restaurant keeper, stated the
same regarding Sergeant Turner.
SAYS CAPE NOME
IS RICH IN GOLD
W. B. Derm the Latest to Boom the
Doubtful District in the
North,
BEATTLB, Sept. 2.— TV. B. Dran. a
well-known resident of this city, who
has just returned from Cape Nome,
claims that the district is very rich.
He said:
"Cape Nome bench has been pros
pected and demonstrated to contain
pay dirt for a distance of thirty-five
miles. There are 600 men beach min
ing, and I think it is a conservative
estimate to say that they are washing
out an average of $25 per day to the
man. The principal portion of the
work is being done between the mouth
of Snake and Penny rivers, a stretch
of beach ton miles in extent. The num
ber of beach diggers is increasing every
day.
"Jafel Lindeberg, John Brynston
and E. O. Lindblom had taken $40,000
in three clean-ups from No. 1 below
Anvil up to the time I left the district,
August 10. Thon the largest nugget
was worth $321 SO. This trio owns Dis
covers' claim and also three claims on
Snow Gulch. Captain Peach of San
Francisco has a lay on one of_ their
richest properties. He gets 25 per cent
of the cloan-up and the owners 75 per
cent. All told, Lindeberg, Brynson and
Lindblom own 2700 acres of the richest
placer ground in the Cape Nome dis
trict.
"Anvil, Glacier and Dexter creeks
were the most extensively worked creeks
up to the time I left. Buster and Ba
sin, tributaries of Nome, had been
worked more or less and some prospect
ing: clone on Rock and Mountain creeks.
"Anvil City has a population of
nearly 3000 people, and there are nearly
5000 all told in the district."
Big Raisin Deal.
FF/SNO, Sept. 2.— The bluest single
raisin d^al in the history of the Califor
nia Raisin Association was consummated
here to-day when li.i cars of three-crown
standard loose muscatels were sold for
over $100, tWO. The purchasers were hoe
Gray, president of the Fresno Home
Packing Company. and Thomas H.
Lynch, manager for Porter Bros. After
the deal had been made otht-r packers
brought up what goods they had in their
possession, with the result that 145 cars
Utere sold for $115,000. This practically
cleans up the crop of IS9S.
Anniversary of San Jose.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 2.— At a meeting of
Pioneers and Native Sons held to-day,
Mayor Martin presiding, it was resolved
to hold a celebration in this city on De
cember 2.1 of the fiftieth anniversary of
the establishment of the State govern
ment In San Jose. The Governor, rm-ni
bers of the Legislature and other State
officials will be Invited to be present. Ma
jor Edwin Sherman of Oakland, who was
present, suggested that the celebration
Include 1 early Calif ornian sports and that
the festivities be on a grand scale. He
was made chairman of the programme
commitee.
James G. Allen Dead.
WOODLAND. Sept. 2.— James G. Allen,
an old resident of Yolo County, a native
of Pennsylvania and SO years of age, died
In this city this morning.
Bound for the South Seas.
SANTA BARBARA, Sept. 2.— R. Barrett
Flthian and party left this morning on
the yacht Rover for a seven months' voy
age to the South Sea islands and home by
way of Samoa. A party of clubmen lett
with the party as a farewell escort, and
will be brought back after they have got
ten well out to sea by a gasoline yacht
chartered for the purpose.
Hospital Buildings Burned.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 2.— At a late
hour to-night fire started in the outbuild
ings of the County Hospital, a short dis
tance east of this city. The wood and coal
shed and the deadhbuse were destroyed.
The buildings burned were about fifty
feet from the main hospital building.
Death of a Pioneer.
WOODLAND. Sept. 2.— A Knights
Landing dispatch to the Democrat an
nounces the death of Edmund Lefevere,
a pioneer and a native of Missouri. Mr.
Lefevere was 62 years of agp.
KLONDIKER ROBBED BY
THE "CHAMPAGNE TRICK"
A man namocl Barry, bartender at a
saloon on Kearny, near jackson street,
was arrested this morning 1 by Detective
McMahon and his name placed on the
detinue book at the Central Police sta
tion. Barry is believed by the police to be
concerned in the robbery of Charles Ke
hoe of Butte, Mont., recently returned
I from the Klondike.
Kehoe reported to th* police that on
i Thursday, after visiting- the saloon in
I question, he found all his money, amount-
I lngr to several hundred dollar?, missing.
The saloon attendants showed him a big
i array of champagne bottles, which they
j claimed he had houpht. and denied all
I knowledge of any robbery. The police are
| now trying to locate Kehoe, who has dis
appeared since reporting his loss.
Artificial Leg That Is Inflated.
An Engli«h inventor has devised a
very ingenious artilioial leg and fool
intended for use in cases of amputation
below the knee join,t. It is mainly
composed of a hollow rubber chamber
■which is inflated in exactly the same
way as is a bicycle tire. The skeleton
of the foot, is of wood, and contains
within it a rubber-faced joint which
permits of movements like those that
take place at the ankle. A pair of rub
ber pneumatic pads surround the end
of the amputated limb, so that no un
due pressure is exerted on the tissue. —
Scientific American.
California Fruit Sales.
NEW YORK, Sept. The Earl Fruit Com
pany realized the following prices at auction
to-day: Grapes— Malaga, single crates, $1 OS<g
1 25, average 51 19; Tokay, 80e@Jl 70. average
Jl 43. Pears— Bartletts. boxes, $1 X,'a\ 95, av
erage $1 78. Plum?— Kelsey, single crates, $1 23
@1 60, average $t 34. Prunes— Gros, single
crates, SOcif?sl 75, average $1 13: German, $1 60®
1 70, average Jl 67: Silver, 7.'iCfiSl 05, average
95c. Four cars sold to-day. Weather unfavor
able.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued from Page 19.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, September I.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, 56 hours from. Port '
Los Anpeles.
SAILED.
, Saturday, September 2.
Ptmr Samoa, Jahnsen, Eureka.
Stmr 'Westport, Peterson, .
Strr.r Alcazar, Gunderson, .
Stmr Ruth. Lundquist, Coos Bay.
U S ftmr Warren, Hart Manila.
Br stmr Doric, Smith, Hongkong and Toko- >
hama, via Honolulu.
Ship Occidental, Bennett, Seattle.
I"i bark Touraine, Turbe, Queenstown.
Bktn W H Dlmond. Wilson, Honolulu.
Schr Dewey, Schmalins, Albion, in tow of I
stmr Ruth.
Schr Ralph J Long, Isigkeit, Frankport,- in
tow of Etmr Ruth.
Schr Corinthian, Korth, Bowens Landing.
Schr Reliance. Skipper, Iversena Landing.
Schr Laura Pike, Johnson, Eureka.
Schr Ocean Spray, Nyman, Iversens Landing.
Schr John A, Nillson, Eureka.
Schr Occidental. Rpslch, Eureka.
TELmIRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Sept 2. 10 p m— Weather '
clear; wind NW, velocity 10 miles.
RETURNED.
Saturday, September 2.
Stmr Portland. Linguist, hence Sept 1, for j
Unalaska, etc, on account of machinery beins ;
disabled.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
MENDOCINO— Arrived Sept 2— 'Schr Alice !
Kimliall. hence Aug 29.
USAL— Sailed Sept 2— Stmr Newsboy, for San
Francisco.
ALBlON— Sailed Sept 2— Stmr Cleone, for San i
Francisco.
EUREKA— Sept I— Schr Ottillie
Fjord, from Honolulu. Sept 2— Stmr Pomona, j
hence Sept 1. stmr Brunswick, hence Sept 1.
Sailed Sept 2— Schr Llllebontie, for Newport
(Si; schr Sparrow, for San Francisco; schr
Golden Gate, for Honolulu.
FORT ROSS— Arrived Sept I— Schr Mary C,
hence Auk SO, and sailed for San Francisco.
BALLARD — Arrived Sept 2— Schr Jennie
Wand, hence Aug 20; schr Albert Meyer, from
Una.
ASTORlA— Arrived Sept 2— Stmr Columbia, !
hence Aug 81.
Sailed Sept 2— Br ship Kilmory. for Queens
town.
COOS RAY— Arrived Sept I— Schr Monterey, ;
hence Aue 20.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Sept 2— Bark Sono- :
ma, for Melbourne,
PORT TOWNSEND— Sept Bark ;
Hunter, from Cape Nome, for Seattle?; schr i
Albert Meyer, from Unga, for Seattle: bark I
Sonomn, from Port Gamble, for Melbourne.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Sept Bark
Prussia, hence Aus 11; schr Peerless, hence
TACOMA— Sailed Sept 2— Stmr Mackinaw, for
San Francisco: schr Emma Claudlna, for Hllo. :
EASTERN PORT?.
NEW TORK— Arrived Sc-pt I— Ship George R
SkolMeid. from Phila<l«lphla.
FOREIGN PORTS.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Sept I— Ger bark J C
Pflußer. hence April 5.
HONGKONG— SaiIed Aug 2— Br ship Drum
burton, for Oregon.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Sept 2— Br bark Bow- j
man ! - . Law, tor SMfCO.
Ai'APl'LCO— Saile.l Aug 31-Stmr San Juan, j
for San Francisco.
Hll^O— Sailed Aug 22— Haw bark Santiago, for ;
San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived previous Sept 2— Pr
stmr Gaelic, hence Aue 9; Jap stmr Rio Jun
Maru, from Seattle.
HAKODATE— SaiIed Sept I— Schr Manila, for
San Francisco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 2— Stmr Strnthne- j
vin. " lies.
Sailed Sept 2 — Stmr Numidinn, for Glasgow;
Ftn.r Werkendam, for Rotterdam; ptmr I^a
Tuiiraine, for Havre; stmr Mesaba, for Lon
don: stmr Ethiopia, for Qtassow; stmr Etru- '
ria. for Liverpool; stmr Island, for Stettin, etc.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Sept 2— Stmr Italia,
for Liverpool.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived previously. Sept 2—
Ptmr Gaelic, for Pan Francisco, etc; stmr Rio !
Jun Maru. from Seattle,
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
"north pacific coast railroad.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing September 1, 1899.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO. •8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m. ; j
•1:4". 3:20. 4:00. *fi:ot). 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »S:OO. *9:00. *10:00. 11:00, 11:30
a. m.; 1:00, »1:45. »2:30, »4:00. 5:30. 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to Pan Raf'l Sundays.
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK PAYS - '.:.-. '6:40. 7::,:., 8:40, »1020
a. m. : 12:30. 2:13. •3:40, 4:."..'., 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays ;
and Saturday?, at 6:40 and 10:13 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO. 'S-.00, *3:43. '10:45 »11-4S
a. in.; 1:00. 2:20. *3:30. »3:13. »6:00, 7:00. 10:15
p. m.
Trains marked (•> run to San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS — 5:43. 0:50, 7:35, 5:55, 10:35 ■
a. m.: 12:33. 2:43. 4:55, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00. 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 10:00. 11:10. a . m.; 12:05 I
1:20, 2:10, 3:55. 3:30. 6:30 10:20 •>. m .
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days- Cazadero and way Kta'ns.
3:20 p. m. Saturdays— and way sta'ns!
8:00 a. m. — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:48 p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta'ns.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUiI)
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 2S. 1599. trains will run as follows:
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
Dally. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Daily.
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 5:4.» pm 6:oo "pin
,Vli am ? : 5 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am 6:35 pm Fresno 8:30 am 1:42 pm
11:38 am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pm
>* pm 12:30 am Bakersfield 2:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 am 6:25 pm Vtsalla 6:40 am! 1:22 pm
12:15 pm 6:53 pm Tulare 5:50 am 1:05 pm
Stopping at Intermediate points as re<julr«l.
i For particulars of stage and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Department. S2l . Market »t.
tan Francisco.
AUCTION SALES.
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
AT HEALET'S STOCKYARDS, ,-
-1701 Harrison St., corner of Thirteenth.
TUESDAY, SEPT. 5. 1889, AT 11 A. M.
By order of William Lock we will sell sixty
head of horses, broke and unbroke, ranging
in weight from 900 to 1300 pounds and from
6 to 7 years old.
Horses now at above yards.
We call the attention of liverymen, milk-
men and expressmen to these horses and ad-
vise them to call and see them, &
■use men. iv SULLIVAN & DOYLE,
Livestock Auctioneers.
Office. 327 PlTth street.
~BAILBOAD TBJLTSL.
HOrTIIP.nN rACXFIC COMPANY.
(PACIFIC KTSTICM.)
rralna le»*c »n«I m« ••'•» *■• »rrl»e »•
H\y I'IUMCINtO.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street.)
leavf. — From Acgust 2. 1599. — Aitr.rvii
T:OOa Bcnicia. Suisun and Sacramento. . . . 0:45r
7:«O A Mirysville, OrotMeauil Holding m
Woodland - 5.-45P
7:00* EJmira. VacaTille and Rumsey .. . . . »•»<"
7::i»A Martinez, Sail Uaraon.Vallcjo.
Caiistoga and Santa Hosa-.. ....... 2*i«r
8:00 a Atlantic Impress, Ogden and *.act... v:*O4
■iUOa Han .lose, Uvermore, .Stockton,
lone. Sacramento, Placemlle.
MnrysTillo, Chico, Heil Uluff 1'!?
•:BOA •Milton, Oskfcle and lionora. 4slßf
»:3Oa Yosemito Valley Tia Oakdale and
Ohirese 4:1 5p
• :00a Hajwards-Niles and Way Stations. IS:45a
• i«Oa Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton,
Merced end Fresno.... 12:10F
ViOHa Fresno. iSakeralielil .Santa Barbara,
1.03 ADgeles, Oemiag, El Paso,
New Orleans and East 8:1.1?
1«:OOa Valiejo. I.lart,!nez and Way Stations * :«P
• I :<»Oa Haywartis. Niles and Way Stations. Xi-lar
|2:OUm Niks, Lirermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, lianford. Visaiia,
PcrterTUle 4:IB»
•l:0Op Sacramento River Steamers # 8:00p
3:OOp Hay-wards, Nili* and Way Station!. 0:45f
4tu»r Martinez, San lUbioii, Valiejo.
N:ii>a, Caliatosn, Bmtii Rosa •iIOA
4iOOr Benlda, VacaTiUo. Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights I.indinff,
Marj-sTUIe, Oroville 1O:4»a
4:30r Nile's Jose and Stockton 7:1.1p
4:30p Yoscmita Sleepii:s Car for Raymond 12:13p
5:00 p r OwL Tracy. Fresno. Uakers-
lield. Saaeus lor Kauta Barbara,
Los Angeles. 0:43 a,
JI :B0p Ptocktou. Merced, Frcsuo 12:15r
Otitop Martinez. Tracy. Mcndcta, Fresno,
MojaTe find Los Aiigeles 8«4."»A.
•iltilr Santa Fa ltonto, Atlautio Kxi>reas
for Mojave mid lCast 6«43p
•iOOi> Chicago-San FranoiacoSpecial.(>gdeu
and l^ast 8:50f
«:OOp Haywards, Niles and San Jose 7i-irt\
•fJ:OOr Valiejo 13:15p
17: OOp Valleio. Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions ;»xOSF
0:I)Sp OreKon l'l.iprowi.HacraTTieuto. Marys-
Tillo, IJ-- UlliiE. I'ortlaiul. Tiiget
Sound r.ißt 8:1^4
COAST DIVISIOH i.N:i!To»T (iaugc).
(Foot of Market Street.)
~ 17e43a Banta Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Wp.y Stations JBiOsf
Newark. CenterTillc, San Jose.Felton.
Boulder G/uz and Way
Stations OtaOp
•SilSr Newark, Centerville, San Jose, New
AlmaileD, I'elton, Bonldet Creek,
Banta Cruz and Principal Way
Stations M«i.l«4
4tlsp San .loss. Glenwood and Way Sta-
tion! 9:20 a.
»4il3pFelton. Santa Cruz and Way Eta-
tin-.n /9:20 a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From Sin HUBCISCO— Tool of Market Street (Slip 8) —
•7:16 9:00 11:00 a.M. 11:00 *S:SD t3:00
•4:00 J5:00 •6:o3i'.M.
Fram OAEUHD— FooI of Brc»dw»;.— *6:oo 8:00 10:00*.M.
tIS:QO -1:00 t2:00 '3:00 }1:CO > 3:QCp.M.
COAST VISION (Broad Gauge).
(Third and Toy. i)3einl St-».)
*K:1Oa Ocean View, South Han l-'rancimxi.. # 6:3«1f
•7:O«a San ,*i?o mid Way Stations (New
Almadcn Wednesdays only) «8:00 a,
J7:3»a Sunday Excursion *r.i Eanta Cruz,
Pr.citic Grova and l'rincipal V/ay
Stations JB»33f
•(••a Han .lope. 'J'rcß Pinos, Santa Cruz,
Pacific Grove, i'aao Hobles, San
Luis OiiiKpo, Surf, Lompoc and
:-■•■;, Principal Way Ktiitinns 4tlOp
I «:*Oa San Joss and Way Station! O:3Sa
II:»Oa San Joso and Way Stations ....... I>3Of
•»:43p San Mat Redwood, Menlo Park.
' . - Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San Jose.
llclllßter. Bauta Cniz. Salirai.
Montereym:d Pacific Grove *10i3b4
•»:SOp San Jose. Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove
and Principal Way Stations »7:30p
•4:18r San Joseaml Principal Way Stations U:-S3 A
*.>:OOp San Jose end Principal Way Stations ••slB
S.-aOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations *9:00*
6::ior San Jose V.'fty fitatious i.'.'. ii::;«p
t11:43r S.-.u .Tost- mid Way Stations.. !~:aop
A for Morning. I* for Afternoon.
•Sunday e\crpte:i. t Sunday only. t Sar.unlny only.
ISaturday and Snndsy /.Sunday and Monday
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN BY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Firry, Foot or Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 3:CO, 11:00 a. m.;. 12:55,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays Extra trips at I:.V>
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30, 3:30^,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL. TO SA.N FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7::0, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:43,
8:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
I:ES and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40. 3:40. 5:05,
G:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave i . Arrive
San Francisco. I In Effect San Francisco. ,
— — — April 16. j -.
Week Sun- 1599. Sun- I Week
Days. days. I Destination. days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am ; 8:40 ant
8:30 pm| 9:39 am' Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am,
6:10 pm 5:00 pmj Santa Rosa. , 7:33 pm 6:20 prr»
Fulton.
7:30 am . Windsor, 10:25 a3»
Healdsburs,
Lytton,
Qeyaenrllte,
1:30 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale. 7:35 pmi 6:20 pa
7:20 am j Hop.and and j 10:25 anj
3:30 pnij 8:00 am Ukiah. | 7:35 pm 6:20 p:^
7:30 am 1 10: ara
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
J»:SO pm 6:20 pra
! ■■ | . . . | m
7:Soam 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 ara
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pin
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:23 ara
8:33 pm[ 5:00 pm; I 7:35 pin| 6:20 pr 3
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Ska*g«
Bprlngs; at Ciovordale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs*
K<»lseyvillf. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and nartle'tt Springs; nt Ukiah for Vichyi
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, L'prer Lake, Porno,'
Totter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's.
BuckneJl's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvlll<\.
Boonpville. Philo. Christine, Soda Springs,
Kavarro, Whltesboro, Albion, Little Rtv*r;
Orr'g Hot Springs, Mer.docino City, Fort Bragg*
Westport, Usal. Wlllitts. Laytonvllle, Cum^
mine's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer;
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rat**.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 630 Market St., Chronicle bid** '
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN. "
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent*'
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THL MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
Tilt CONTINENT.
EVERY DAT IN THE TEAR PTTLLMAN'
, PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLH
FOX CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKH
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:30 P. M.
DINING-ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR
FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IS
EVERY DETAIL. SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HULKS AND REASONABLE
RATES.
NO OTHER LINK OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. CS
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE MAIN 1511.
OAKLAND OFFICE. 1118 Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE. 201 J Street.
SAN JOdE OFFICE. 7 W. Santa Clara Street.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
i-tuve San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23, 1899.
WEEK DAYS 9:30 a. m.. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday Wednesday and Satur-
day at 6:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
Ing, arriving; in San Francisco at 11:23
p. Tn i •
BUN DAY 8. 8. 9. 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:48. 2:3*
and 4 p. m. -
Fare S. F. to Summit and Return, tl 4«.
THOS COOK & SON. Acts.. 621 Market aCCOMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
To-morrow a holiday.
tmtent of $288,877 to China.
SUvtr unchanged. Mexican Dollars lower.
New York and Sterling Exchange as before.
IV heat a fraction lower and dull.
Barley advanced slightly under an improved demand.
White Oats lower. Corn and R\e unchanged.
Nothing doing in Beans and Seeds.
Onions ami river Potatoes firmer. Salinas Potatoes weak.
Vegetable market continues glutted.
Several cars of Eastern Poultry announced for to-morrow.
Butter weak and offering at concessions.
Another advance in Eggs. Cheese unchanged.
Bartleit Pears selling for more money.
Grapes lower and in excessive supply.
Dried Peaches lower and Apples weak.
Prunes dull, with a shading in the large sizes.
Dried Apricots and Nectarines scarce and firm.
Provisions quiet at previous prices.
Wool, Hides and Hops unchanged.
Good demand for Grain Bags at easy prices.
Remarkable demand for Lumber at strong prices.
Bank Clearings show the usual weekly gain.
To-Morrow a Holiday.
To-morrow being Labor day and * legal
holiday, business -will be suspended through
out the country. All local axchanres will re
mata cloe*d.
Charters.
The soar OoMmbl* loads lumber at drays
Harbor for Honolulu: Kokomls, lsmb*r at Port
Gamble for Honorola.
The, Drehai loads wheat at Tacoma, for Ea
r-jpe. Sta Sd; option of salmon from the Fraz«
River. *os.
Bank Clearings.
Zjoc&l bank desxlngs last wee* wars $10,C15, -
--.-;!. against {17.6C3.544 for th« sam» week last
ear.
Treasure Shipments.
Th* Doric took oat a truaaurs list of J2SB,S7J,
consisting of J142.91T In Mexican dollars. $51.
--250 In gold cota and 196,000 in silver bullion.
Great Activity in Lumber.
Pacific Coast Wood and Iron says of Lum
ber: "Redwood Is running smoothly on a
Slightly elevated track, with every propect of
another nearby advance In prices. The time
Is near at hand for the final steps to be taken
ir. the consummation of the consolidation of
the redwood mills, and many Indications point
toward tho success of the- efforts. It is said on
the authority of a well-posted timber land
owner that several millions of dollars of East
ern car-ltal have recently been Invested in
Washington timber lands, and Eastern lumber
men are still seeking Investments. The foreign
demand for Washington mills Is Improving and
th* domestic call for lumber Is rood. At the
Et Paul and Tact-ma Lumber Company's wharf
alone there are now five veraela loading for the
coastwise traile, while M many more are under
charter and on the way to Taootna.
■These demands affect all the branches of the j
lumber trade, running into the wholesale and
retail yards, the planing mill concerns and th« j
fash. door, blind and sash factories, as well
as increasing the profits of the shingle manu- |
facturer. the sawmills and the box factories.
Taken all la all. lumber is stronger than it has
been for several years, and there are indica
tions that th* present quotations will not be
allow?-: to stand long. It is altogether probable
before winter comes that the price list will
again be corrected and a very appreciable ad
vance in prices will be ordered. The domestic
and fcreicn -demand for this coast lumber la
so strong the mills will be compelled to ad
vance price*.
"In the hardwood market a tendency la be
ing fn-l t toward an Improver which is al
rr.o*t certain to come before many week* are
•
"Taking Washington and California and Ore
gon In fart, the whole West, there has never
bc«n a peri In its history when there has
b?*n such a demand f'Jr lumber as there has
b*en daring the past three months. All the
vlunir.g and saw mills and sash and door fac
tories on the coast are away behind in their
orders and are working extra men. In Borne of
tin* largest mills new machinery of the most
ur-to-date pattern is being installed, and new
! >i>rs are being put in to furnish the extra
■
XVLoga arp high in the Pacific Northwest tim
ber districts, running at from » 75 to $& 50 p«=r
K«>o while in some MS $7 is being paid for the
be«t Cedar and select logs. There is an evi
dent scarcity of available logs and the mills
suffer accordingly in loss of time and delay of
orders,"
Wheather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 2, 1809, 5 p.m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka 54 San Diego 72
Fresno M : Sacramento 78
Los Angeles sn In<?rpendence 94
R?d Bluff ■» Yuma 108
San Luis Obispo 78!
San Frar.clsco data: Maximum temperature,
e2; minimum, SO; -..ear.. 5*5.
WEATHER CONDmONa AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen rapidly over the
northern half of the Pacific Coast. An exten
flve "low-' covers the country from the valley
o' the Colorado northwest to the British pos
sesions. The pressure Is beginning to rise
mildly along the central portion of the Pacific
C.-ast.
The temperature has fallen from 4 to I de-
temperature has fallen from ( to I de
grees in the Interior of California, but Is be
rlnr.ing to rise along the coast.
The weather is generally clear west of the
Rocky mains, except in Utah, where light
rain has fallen.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ding midnight. September 8, 1593:
For Northern California — Fair Sunday;
ram»r in the valleys; fresh northwest wind.
For Southern California— Fair Sunday; fresh
westerlv winds.
For Nevada— Cloudy Sunday; probably show.
srE in northern poYtion.
P'or Cloudy Sunday; probably showers;
? lex
For Arizona— Cloudy Sunday; clear In north
•rn portion.
For Ban Francisco and rlemlty— Sunday;
fresh westerly winds.
ALEXANDER 0. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. J.— The stock market was
Intensely dull throughout to-day's short ses
sion and net changes extends beyond fractions
only in rare instances. As the bears had sold
the market short In anticipation of the bank
statement, the evening up of their contracts,
when It appeared, closely conforming to esti
mates created a demand, relieving the market
of Its early depressions and brought prices in
most cases above yesterday's level. The fact;
that Monday Is a holiday had the effect of
keeping stock transactions at a minimum. The
report of a death from yellow fever In New
Orleans and the Texas quarantines caused
weakness In the railroads In the South, also
In Illinois Central. Brooklyn Transit and Ten
nessee Coal. Republic Steel stock* and A/nerl
enn "Tobacco led a rise before the bank state
ment came out. In contrast to the sudden
outbreak yesterday of activity in \anderbilts.
there was only a single sale in the first hour
of Northwestern and Omaha, the latter at . a
pain of a point. New York Central did not
appear on the tap" at all until the second
hour. Kansas and Texas seconds became ac
tive in the late dealings and advanced 1 per
The stock market ha« shown the effect* this
week of profit-taking by the organized pools,
which were active last week In advancing th«
prices of certain railroad stocks. Those stocks {
have suffered most acutely, but the whole list
has shown an Increasing disposition to sag.
Early in the week the pool« were sharply
manipulating the industrial specialties to bus- ,
tain prices and covering the realizing going I
on. The short interest in some* of the mi
i duntrlals was sensitive to the upward move- |
] ment and was inclined to cover, helping the
, strength. Ttve various professional maneuvers
Were the surface Indications of the culmination
Of the recent bull movement and the market j
; lapsed Into dullness and neglect after they
had been concluded. There was no h»avy ;
liquidation In evidence outside the speculative j
profit-taking, and the market took, en the con- i
dition of sluggishness, which Indicates the con
tentment of the mass of holders of securities i
and the unwillingness of buyers to raise their
bids. This did not prevent the rise of railroad
stocks here and there from Individual causes. !
Earrings of railroads continue to show un- !
precedented results. But there Is no change
In the cautious and conservative policy here
tofore shown by railway managers. They have
continued to make extraordinary outlays for !
betterment, and In many instances are in- >
clined to pile up a surplus against future con- j
tingencies, or to put the surplus earnings Into
permanent Improvements designed to cheapen
the co?t of transportation. Present high prices
of railroad stocks have thus anticipated in
creased dividend disbursements, which in many
cases have not com*. The persistent Increase I
of railroad earnings makes the higher divi- .
dends Increasingly probable. But the actual
declaration has been in many cases more than
discounted. The stocks of iron and steel com- ]
panics on the exchange very obstinately re
fuse to advance owing to a feeling that the
present conditions In iron and steel are ab- ;
normal and necessarily transitory. Even the
buoyant tone of one stock in this group elicited j
little response elsewhere. The evidence of un- |
easiness, if not actually of distress, In for
eign financial centers on account of the heavy
bills they must pay to thi6 country are ac- |
cepted by the bear* as a symptom that easier
j money will be sought in future to satisfy their •
needs. So far as the Immediate outlook Is
concerned, money conditions are favorable to ;
the decline in prices of securities. The sur
plus reserves of New York banks are unprece
dentedly low for this period of the year, even
if Interior money markets are able to supply j
funds to move the crops that will Involve a i
curtailment of supply at a source to which !
New York has applied quite freely of late for j
relief. The constant recuperative process of 1
the banks of England, France and Germany
for many weeks past has put these great cen- 1
ters of finance in a much better position to
meet a reserve demand from New York for i
gold. But it Is still quite obvious that only j
a high rate of money here would induce ship".
ments of gold to Mew York. The Govern-,
ment's shipments are running far ahead of
last year's corresponding period and the out
go is less. Had it not been for the leaving '
oa deposit with the National City Bank of
the $3,000,000 paid by that bank for the old i
custom-house and site in New York, the New }
York money market would likely have been I
seriously pinched this week.
The bond market has been quiet and changes j
irregular. ;
United States new 4s advanced % in the bid I
price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
I Shares Closing
| Sold. Stocks— Bid.
064 Atchison 22 ! , i
6, SCO Atchison prefd 63,*
Baltimore A Ohio 55
Canadian Pacific M 7 ;1
Canada Southern 54
I Centra! Pacific 574
500 Chesapeake & Ohio 2S*i
1,330 Chicago Great Western 16U
?."') Chicago, Burlington & Qulncy 135%
' Chicago, In<i & Louisville 9%
100 Chicago. Inil & Louisville prefd 41
SI" Chicago & Eastern Illinois 97
330 Chicago Northwestern I*'%
1.330 Chicago. Rock Island & Pacific. ...ll9 *
100 C C C & St Louis 57 E 4
200 Colorado Southern 5V4
ETO Colorado Southern Ist prefd ■»*>
: Colorado Southern M prefd lg'-j
260 Delaware & Hudson? 123
220 Delaware, Lack' & Western 1774
IN Denver & Rio Grande __■"«
850 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 76 7
Erie 1*
Erie Ist prefd 88^4
200 Great Northern prefd 1664
Hocking Coal 18
100 Hocking Valley ■?,:,
200 Illinois Central 114\
lowa Central 14 1 *
100 lowa Central prefd ESVi
200 Kansas City, Plttsburg & Gulf 10*»
100 Lake Erie & Western 2:
; Lake Erie & Western prefd SO 1 *
Lake Shore 201
3,400 Louisville & Nashville g]'-,
1,220 Manhattan L V.113H
200 Metropolitan Street Railway 2 i "." 3 i
6.:0 Mexican Central 14\
200 Minneapolis & St Louis 76>i
Minneapolis & St Louts prefd 97
600 Missouri Pacific Oft
Mobile & Ohio 48V4
300 Missouri, Kansas & Texas 14
3,700 Missouri, Kansas & Texas prefd — 43 ;
400 New Jersey Central 119
820 New York Central 133
430 Norfolk * Western tt%
215 Norfolk & Western prefd 714
3.500 Northern Pacific sfi\
285 Northern Pacific prefd 77 ;
260 Ontario & Western W;i
Oregon Railway & Nay 46
Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 77
410 Pennsylvania l&H
400 Reading 22
1.100 Reading Ist prefd 6lVi
Reading Id prefd -H
Rio Grande Western 354
Rio Grande Western prefd S2Vi
St Louis & San Fran 114
St Lou & San Fran Ist prefd 70
200 St Louis & San Fran Id prefd 374
St Loui3 Southwestern 18 !
645 St Louis Southwestern prefd SS4
1,200 St Paul }«'-»
200 St Paul prefd }••
400 St Paul & Omaha . K3
8.000 Southern Pacific 36^,
1.690 Southern Railway •■•••• 12*
8,860 Southern Railway prtfa ioH
Texas & Pacific il
8.355 Union Pacific fj%
2.503 Union Pacific prefd so_,
100 Wabash '*
-Wabash prefd - 2-%
8,700 Wheeling * Lake Brie ••• «
m Wheeling & Lake Erie prefd 30
200 Wisconsin Central 13
PC c & St L Hj
10.401 Republic Steel . 23-*
3 450 Republic Steel prefd 18
Express Companies —
Adam* • 113
American "3
. . . United States 50
Wells Fargo 133
Miscellaneous —
American Cotton Oil 43H
American Cotton Oil prefd 934
130 American Malting 144
. .. American Malting prefd G." 4
American Smelting & Ref 424
100 American Smelting & Rer prefd.... 904
.... American Spirits " i
American Spirit* prefd IS
000 American Steel Hoop 35%
MM American Steel Hoop prefd S4U
1,3:0 American Steel & Wire 50=i
400 American Steel & "Wire prefd 9*
100 American Tin Plate 43Vi
American Tin Plate prefd.. 90
' 1430 American Tobacco 12S
. American Tobacco prefd 144
""m Anaconda Mining Co Wt
9MS Brooklyn Rapid Transit 104U
'- '•;.) Colorado Fuel & Iron vl 1 *
7»0 Continental Tobacco 46%
1250 Continental Tobacco prefd 97>*
1570 Federal Steel 60.4
100 Federal Steel prefd $1%
... General Electric ..: .....124
100 Glucose Sugar 6414
Glucose Sugar prefd 1 " 2
• 1,310 International Paper Zl\
400 International Paper prefd a
256 Laelede Ga» .•• «♦
„ National Biscuit *Vii
THE SAN FtfANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1899.
National Biscuit prefd 95%
National Lead Slh-i
Nation Lead prefd 110
500 National Steel 55%
100 National Steel prefd 97%
New Air Brake 16S
100 North American 13
I Pacific Coast 4fi'-4
! Pacific Coast Ist pi-fed S3
! Pacific Coast 21 prefd 634
' Pacific Mail 146%
623 People's Gas ll'>4 !
100 Pressed Steel Car 59H
100 Pressed - — : Car prefd 53%
Pullman Palace Car 15?
Standard Rope & Twin- 8%
3.M2 Sugar 151
2") Sugar prefd 119 !
7,220 Tnnessee Coal & Iron S9Vs '
United States Leather 10 i
ISO United State* Leather prefd 75' i j
United States Rubber 494 i
United States Rubber prfed 11JU
Western Union BS4
127,900 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
United 2s reg : ■■■ ■••:. Do 4s 944
Do 33 reg 1034 N X Cen lsts 111%,
Do 3s coup 1084 N J Cen sen 55. ...120
Do new 4s reg 130 !i M Carolina. 6s 129
Do new 43 coup..l3oH| Do 4s 104
Do old 4s ..Ill* No Pac Ists 113
Do old 4s c0up. .113 I Do ft 6714
Do 5s reg 111' 2 ; Do 4s 14
Do 5 a coup 111% XYC & S L 45.. .108 1
' Dis of Col 3.655. ...117 N & W con 45.... 98 ■
: Ala classA 109% X A W gen 6? 135
Do class B 103 lOr Nay lsts 115*4 |
Do class C 103 ! Do 4s ■ ■'*■%■
Do Currency 102%.' Or Short Line 85. ..12 a
i Atch gene 43 105% Do con 5s 1174
j Do adj 45 SSH Heading Gen 45.... S7>i, '
■ Canada So ids 108 1 R G W lsts 97fc
! Che 9 & Ohio 4Vis.. 96% .- L & I M Con 6s. 114
Do os 119 JS L & S F Gen 65.12 i
jC & N Con 7s It", St Paul Con 170
, Do 8 F Deb a 5...;; PC & P 15t5. ..1214
j Chic Term 4s 99 ! Do 3s 122 '
D & R U Ists 10514 ! Southern Ry 05... .10974 :
Do 4s 72% Stand R4 T 65.. S6
F W & C lsts SO Term ne wset 35... St» 1
Gen Electric 55. ...116 Tex & Pac 15t5. ...1154
G H & S A hi.. ..US Do 2d« 364
Do ids ICS Union Pao 4s 10«
H& T Cen 8s 111* V." abash Ists 114 !
Do Con 6e 112 j Do 2ds 100 j
lowa Cen lats 11514 West Shore 4s 113V1
KCP&O 15t?.... 734 Wls Cen Ists 79
La new con 4s. 106 jVa Centuries S?>4
■ LAN Un 4s lOOiii Do deferred i
M X & T 2ds 73u;c & S 4a »7
; MINING STOCKS.
' Chollar 30 Ontario 7 50 :
1 Crown Point 20 Cphir 105 |
Con Cal & Va 1 To Plymouth l'> !
Deadwood 6.:' Quicksilver J "0
j Gould & Curry 30) Do prefd iOO
HaJe & Norcross... 31 Sierra Nevada '')
Homestake 66 M Standard 2 65
1 Iron Silver 50 Union Con 20.
' Mexican 4S Yellow Jacket 27
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— 1 Union Land 7
, Call loans 8544 Westgh Elec 49 ,
Time loans 435 Do prefd 69
Stocks— Bonds—
Atch Top & S F.. 2294 Atchlson 4s 100
Do prefd 6o l i! Mining Shares—
Am Sugar !"' ; • Adventure • 1
Do prefd 120 Allouez Mm Co 8%
'. B*>!1 Tel 3« l Atlantic JO '
Boston & Albany.. Boston & M0nt.... 350 j
Boston L 1094 Butte & 805t0n.... 74 j
•Boston & Maine... 2oo Calumet & Hecla..S3s i
•cB 4 Q ..13I! 4 I Centennial 35 |
I Federal Steel 6") ; Franklin 20
Do prefd S14 1 Humboldt 2H
Mcx Central 14^1 Osceola SS
Mich Tel 100 i Parrot "'l4
1 Old Colony 203 iQulney 159
Old Dominion Ss*i|Santa. Fe Copper.. ;t%
Rubber 4 ■* Tamarack 2*B
Union Pacific 47% Wlnona 114
I West End 95 Wolverines 4GV4
i Do prefd 112% | Utah 43
New York' Financial Condition.
1 NEW YORK. Sept. 2.— The Financier says: ,
The statement of the New York clearing- banks
for the week ending September 2 shows, as
1 had been anticipated, a loss in surplus reserve ■
! due to operations with the treasury and the .
I interior. The decrease In money held above
I legal requirements aggregated about 25 per
cent, and as there is no reason to exrect a I
different statement for a week or two to come j
the outlook favor* a lirmer tone in money. The
banks have apparently reached a position
where they enrmot expand their business, and |
If the demand for money from the West and
South attains considerable proportions con
tractions in outside standing commitments are
I Inevitable. The loans of the banks have been
! reduced steadily since the opening of July, the
; decrease up to the present having been forty
millions. Deposits show a heavier falling oft. j
I The result of thesa contractions, however, us
! reflected in excess cash. Is seen in an enlarge- '
! tnent of reserve of only five million dollars.
j These are the conditions under which the banks '
face a demand, the extent of which is in doubt,
for money needed to move the crow, Still,
i the outlook is not as dubious as might be in
ferred. The interior institutions are much ;
stronger than at this time last year and the
decline of foreign exchange rates forecasts
what may re expected If rates show a tendency
to rise beyond a reasonable figure. At this :
time last year the reserve* of the New York ;
1 banks were only five millions higher than nt
i present and fell to four and a quarter millions
lon September 4. but a month later, owing
! largely to gold imports and treasury operations, j
! the excess reserve had risen to about twenty
i millions. The movement of money to the West
j th's year will probably be much less than last,
i but in any event the method of recuperation :
th»n employed is easier of accomplishment
now The principal feature In the current state
ment aside from the loss of J5.272.5cn la cash, !
is the decrease of $$.341,300 in deposits. Loans
in the face of considerable Stock hange ac
tivity have contracted $3,126,000. Circulation
for the week has increased J225.4C0.
Cash in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 2.— To-<?s.y*9 statement ;
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $278,793,795; gold reserve,
«24?, 371,173.
London Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
There wan a small attendance and no busi- \
ness to speak of In the markets here to-day, j
Americans opened dull and had a fractional :
recovery later. Spanish" fours were 604; Tlntos, ]
4G>i: Anacondas. 11 1-16.
The bank bought £41.000 gold in bars and
£ 000 were taken for Roumania. Money was ;
wanted early. Call money was up to 24 at
first, but relapsed later to 14. too late, how
ever, to affect bills.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Sept. Canadian Pacific, 99%:
Northern Pacific preferred. 73%: Union Pacific !
preferred S2V-; Atchlson. 23*4; Grand Trunk, i
gy i: Anaconda" 114: bar silver, steady. 17 6-16 d ;
per ounce; money, 2 per cent.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Sept. HOPS— Steady; State
common to choice, 1898 crop, 6c; 1597 crop,
nominal; IM crop, IC@lsc; Pacific Coast, li?«
crop, 4@6c; 1897 crop, nominal; 1838 crop, 12®
18C. '
HIPES-Steady; California, 21 to 23 lbs. W,io.
WOOL — Steady; domestic fleece, 19 ( g240;
Texas 13§16c.
PIGIRON — Steady; Northern, $18 50<022;
Southern. $lS(g2l «0.
COPPER— Quiet; brokers , $13 50.
LEAD— DuII; brokers', $4 35.
Steady. . .
No report from Metal Exchange to-day.
COFFER— closed easy; net unchanged
to 15 points decline. Sale*. £250 bags. Including 1 :
November, $4 30; December, $4 65; April, $4 BC#
4 90; May. 14 35.
Spot — Rio. dull; No. I Invoice; s>Jr; No.
7 lobblnjr, CHic Mlld-Qulet; Cordova, 9H@llo.
SUGAR— Quiet; fair refining, 3 15-16 c: centri
fugal 96 test, 440; molasses sugar, Z\c. Re
fined steady; No. 8, 4 5 »c; No. 7. 4 9-16 c; No. 8,
<U«; No. 9, 4 7-tSo: No. 10. 4S-18c; No. 11,
4 3-16 c: No. 12. 4V*c; No. 13. 44c; No. 14,
4 n-l«'-; mold A. 5 9-16o; standard A, 5 1-lSc;
confectioners' A, 5 l-l«c: rut loaf. 5 U-16c;
crushed, I 11-16 c; powdered, s*»c; granulated,
5 5-l«C; cubes, 5 9-16 c.
California Dried Fruits.
NEW YORK, Sept. 2.— California dried fruits,
steady. .
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 7Hc;
prime wire tray, SU'SPSVic; choice, B%®9c;
fancy. 9tr9»>ic.
• PRUNES
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 14c; Moorpark, 14(fl»c.
PEACHES -l"r.pe#!ed, S^lHic.
Chicago Wheat Market.
CHICAGO. SeDt. '.—The t*vA»r\?y of whpat
at the op*n;ng"was slightly downward. Foreign
markets were inclined toward a lower level and
N T-hweßt recelots wer« much more liberal
than a week aso. Minneapolis, In addition,
wired that receipt* by Tuesday, next session
on 'Chansre, would probably reach 2000 cars.
which added materially to the bearishnesa of
the situation, though It did not have any
effect at first. A wild spurt took place in core
shortly after the opening. The advance in that
grain was so raaid that for the time being it
took wheat shorts oft* their feet and sent prices
up about Vie for September and about \c for
December. While the influence of the corn
firmness lasted there was considerable activity
In wheat, but when realizing set in in the
coarser grain and prices began to ease off,
wheat readily followed. The influence of the
heavy expected Northwestern receipts then be
gan to be felt. Heavy shorts who had held
aloof from the market during the early spurt
came into tie market then and gradually 1
pressed prices downward. Tito selling of De- j
cember was much more affected than that of '
September and that option suffered more In
consequence. During the last hour of the short
Saturday session early buyers turned sellers,
but the demand wa,s too light to absorb the
offerings and the market closed weak and at
the bottom. December opened unchanged at
71»-!g 171»'sC. It advanced to Tl'^c, then declined
to' 71%@71»ic, closing at 71Ue. September
opened a shade higher at 6&H'g69:>ie, advanced
to 70He, and declined to 69«4c where It closed.
The market for corn was active and broad.
Continued dry and hot weather was reported
from the West. and fear of damage was
strengthened by reports of "firing" from Illi
nois, but shorts were heavy buyers, especially
of December, and that option advanced sharply,
deferred futures following. At the top there
: was a good deal of realising and late In the ses
| sion prices eased off. the advance In December
i being lost. December, however, was strong to
the close. December closed unchanged. Sep
tember closed %C hlrher.
Oats were strong and fairly active. The
strength of corn had considerable influence on
; th« market. December closed l »c higher.
Provisions were Weak to start, Influenced by
! reports" of yellow fever in New Orleans. The
decline was InMsmiflcant, however, and later
: the market grew stronger, the heavy drop In
I stocks, notably that of ribs, over 10,000,000
pounds. Packers and outsiders were good buy
ers late in the session, and prices advanced I
slightly all around, the market closing firm.
October pork closed 24c hleher. lard a shade
higher and ribs a shade higher. •
The leading futures ranged as follows:
| '
!
i
'
I
;
:
!
j
i
|
I
I
I
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
September 69% 70* 69% 69%
December "1% "1* 71* 71*
Hay 74% 75 74% 74%
Corn No. 2—
September 31* 31% 31 31%
December 28% 29% 28% I'1*
May 29% 30* 29%' 2..%
Oats No. 2—
September 20* 30% 20% 20%
December 20 20* 19* 20*
May 21% 21* 21% 21%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
September 7 90 7 85 7 SS 7 95
October 8 00.. 8 05 7 95 8 05
January 9 35 9 47* 9 32* 9 47*
Lard, rer 100 lbs—
S«ptember 5 15 5 20 J 15 5 20
October 5 15* 5 22* 5 17* 5 22*
January 5 35 5-40 5 35 5 40
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
September I 95 5 05 495 506
October 6 06 6 12* 8 0S 6 12*
January 4 S7* 4 95 4 87* 4 SO
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady Winter Patents, $3 50©3 60; Straits, $3 10
£3 33; Spring Patents. S3 40@3 70; Spring Spe
cial* 14 20: Straits, «3 So£3 20; Bakers', $19*3
2 60; No. 3 Spring Wheat. 66*i<gT0"i|C: No. 2
Red 7 1)1-4c- No 2 Corn. 31*ic; No. 2 Oats, _r g
21Hc: No. 2 White, 23f^3'ic; No. 3 White, 22»4
023 V&: No 2 Rye. 54Vjc; No. 1 Flax Seed.
$1 184; Prime Timothy Seed, S2 30©2 324; Mess
Pork, per bbl. SSQB; Lard, per 100 lbs. $5 053
I 20- Short-rib Sides (loose). $4 Ss^s 20; Dry
Salted Shoulders (boxed), s%fsSc; Short Clear
= ides fboi*d), $& 4'>ffs 50: Whisky, distillers 1
finished go-ids, per gal. SI 22; Sugars, Cut Loaf,
6.53 c; Granulated. 6.31 c.
\rticle«— Receipts. Shipments
Flour barrels 11.000 000
Wheat, bushels 98.000 16.000
Corn, bush-Is 584,000 36..000
Oats bushels 621.0C0 313,000
Rye bushels 11.000
Barley, bushels 31.0 Ci)
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm. Creamery, 16S^0c: dairy, 13*31
17c Cheese, steady; Sfi^lO^c. Eggs, firm;
fresh. HM:@l2o.
Foreign Futures.
«> ■ ' ■ m
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. D«o. Mar.
Opening 5 9* 5 11% 6 0*
Closing » s '» 5 H 3 *
PARIS.
Wheat- Sept. Jan. -Apr.
Opening « £ » f»
..Uin? 19 «3. 20 »>
Opening" g M - : ? "
Cpoa"ni 27 00 27 60
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, S«pt. 2.— CATTLE— Receipts of
cattle to-day were too light to make a market.
Unchai . srlees prevail**! for the few ordi
nary trade lots offered, but quotations were
practically nominal.
HOGS — Prices for hogs wi>r» firm and about
5c higher early, but th* improvement was lost
before the market was cleaned up. Heavy
hog« $3 90fJ4 50; mixed lots, $4 1504 60. and
light at J4 2: v fi4 65. Pigs brought $3 50®4 45 and
culls »53 90.
SHEEP— Sheep and lambs were in fair de
mand at steady prices. Offerings were light
and the market was partly nominal. Sheep
sold at MM for inferior up to U m}* 50 for
prime native wethers. Lambs were salable
at $3 50<sr r > for inferior to choice flocks, fine
lambs bringing s'. 23. j-
Receipts— Cattle, 200; hogs, 1LO«»; sheep, 3500.
California Fruit Sales.
XEW YORK, Sept. 2.— Earl Fruit Company's
sales of California fruit: Graphs— Malaga. 103
HI 23. single crates; Tokays, 6<W@sl 7". Pears—
BartlettS, $1 56^196 box. Plums— Kelsey, $1 23
<ffl 60, single crates. Prunes — SOdf-fl 7.",
single crates; German, $1 60@l 70; silver. 75c@
$1 05.
Porter Bros. Company's sales: Peaches —
Orange. $1 05 til 10 box; Freestones. 4-)c@sl 30;
Strawberry. $1 25; Clinss, 90c.
Exports and Imports.
NEW YORK. Sept. 2.— The exports of gold
and silver from this point to all countries this
week aggregate 5558.791 silver bars and coin
and $2505 in gold.
The imports of specie this week were $415,
--912 gold and $75, silver.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or.. Sept. 1-F.xchanges, $:?5,
--432: balances, ftMtL
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON".
PORTLAND. Or.. Sept. 2.— WHEAT—
Walla, E?#s9c; Valley. 60<361c: Blue Stem, 61c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Sepi- 2.— The week closed with
wheat, dull and unchanged at JTc for Club and
60c for Blue Stem.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Sept 2.— Consols, 106 3-16; sllY«r,
27 6-18 d; French rentes. lOOf 60c; wheat cargoes
off coast, buyers Indifferent operator*; cargoes
on passage, firm for white, dull for red; Indian
shipments of wheat to United Kingdom. 82,000
qrs; do Continent. 12,000.
LIVERPOOL. Sept. 2.— WHEAT— ; wheat
In Paris, quiet; flour in Part*, dull.
COTTON— Uplands, 8 l.'-SM.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— DuII; spot No. 2 red Western win
ter os 9%<3; No 1 Northern spring. 6s Hd.
CORN— Spot, steady: American mixed new.
3b 4^d; do old. 3s *"4<l. Futures, steady: Sep
tember, 3s 4%d; October. 3s 4%d; November,
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, firm, 7i 9d.
♦ —
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days.... - J4 SSVi
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 851.4
Sterling Cables ••■ • — * J.
New York Exchange, sight...... — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — IJI4
Mexican Dollars 48 4SH
Fine Silver, per ounce — . 89
li'hcat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Touraine takes for Cork «071
ctls, valued at 16557.
Exports from this port In August were 251,
--138 ctls, valued at $273,059, making total exports
thus far this crop year of 575,794 ctts, valued at
$630,577.
There was little news yesterday. Reports from
the Oregon harvest fields were very unsatisfac
tory as to quality. Foreign cables were lower,
and there was some frost In the Northwest.
Chicago traders were mostly bullish, but looked
for a. further brsak before any recovery. The
export demand was light. The close wai rather
firmer. ,  _
Local quotations were a fraction off.
There will be no markets to-morrow. „*».
, Spot Wheat— Shipping, $106^1061*; milling,
$1 10#1 13%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock — December—
34 000 ctls, 1110%; 40,000, 111074.. May-10,000,
»1 15. ,
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— lß,ooo
ctls, $1 10%: 6000, $1 10T4-
BARLEY— The Tcuralne takes for Cork 66,845
ctls. valued at $38,118. '■■:.■
The market was firmer on the spot, with a.
much better demand for feed and brewing on
local account. Futures also advanced.
Feed, 80@S5c; Brewing, So@96c; Chevalier,
$1 10^1 12U per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o:ls o'clock— Seller "»9, new
I —2000 ctls, U\iC
Second Sessloti — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 4ooo ctls.
84c: 3"XW>, M - -he; 2>JOO, M^c. Seller '98, new— 2ooo,
83c; 2000, 8314 c.
OATS— The market continues dull and weak,
with a further decline in white, the other de
-1 pcriptlons remaining unchanged. White, $1 10
1 ©1 25; Red, U 05<$l 12«4 per ctl: Black. 90c@»l.
CORN— There is nothing new in this market.
1 Eastern large Tellow, $1 o*@l 0"H: White,
»197H; mixed, Jl 05® 1 OtVt per ctl.
RTE— 9O'"g92Hc per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Fhur and Mill stuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60^3 75.
usual terms; bakers 1 extras, $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington. $3 4<>@3 50 per bbl for extra,
$3 25@3 40 for bakers' and $2 2333 for super
fine. • . , ■
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the tra<l.»: Graham
Flour, tt 15 per 100 lbs; rfre Four, $2 75: Rye
Meal. J2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal. $2 "■ ex
tra Cream Cornmeal. $3 23: Oatmeal $4 3<*B4 ";
Oat Greats. {4 75, Hominy. S3 2r,«fi:j B0; I3ti<~k
wheat Flour. *4<S>4 25: Cracked Wheat. $3 75:
Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. 13 50: Rolled
Oats (barrels). 14 55®* 95; In sacks. 14 Js'a«i 75;
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, >4 50, Green Peas.
IS per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feeds tuffs.
Feedstuff* stand th« same.
Receipts of Hay were very large again, being
1252 tons, and the market continued very weak
for the medium grades, though there was no
weakness in choice. The latter description Is
! expected to keep up the balance of the season,
I whatever the medium and lower grades do.
The circular of George Morrow &. Co. says:
"Receipts for the week, 4355 tons. A very dull
I market with continued heavy receipts expresses
i the situation. There has been no change in
j prices and there Is no likelihood of any, so
i long as receipts continue in excess of all de- ;
I martds. Evidently some farmers are at the ]
\ same opinion as ourselves with reference to ;
' choice wheat hay, as receipts of game for the ■
i past few days have been most noticeable by '■
: their absence. To-day there is a good inquiry ■
I for choice wheat hay and if shipments only j
i continue Hrht for a while longer the price will
' advance some.
'Farmers holding choice red or black oat :
hay would do well to ship some in now, as the ;
■upply is small and the demand is good and
healthy."
BRAN— *IS 50®17 per ton.
: MIDDLINGS— SI 7 5*813 50 per ton.
FEEDS rUFFS— Barley, $IS£IS 50 per
: ton; Oilcake Meal at th« mill, $27<g23; Jobbing,
$2S 50i»i-29; Cocoanut Cake, tiQ<32l: Commeal.
??" 50<@24 50; Cracked Com. $24ig 25; Mixed Feed.
■ $16@16 60; Cottonseed Meal. $28 per ton.
HAY— Wheat. $6 50^8 50 for common to good ]
and J9g9 25 for choice: Wheat and Oat. ?B@S:
Oa*. $5 50@S; Barley, tZi&s 50; Island Barley,
«4 .' 35 50; Alfalfa, $5@7 per ton; Compressed,
16@3.
STRAW— per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Dullness still characterises this market.
, BEANS— Baycs, $1 70@l SO; Small White, 13 05
i ©2 15: Large White, $1 «o@l 75; Pinks, 12 153
i 2 23; Reds, nominal; Blackeye, $4 15®4 25; But
ters, nominal; Llmas, $4 1601 15: Pea, $2 15® i
: 1 35: Red Kidneys. $2£2 25 per ctl.
EFEDS—Brown Mustard. 2^®3c; Yellow Mus- i
, tard, nominal; Flax, $1 90@2 10; Canary Seed.
2-V'Sc per 1b fcr California and SHe for East
ern; Alfalfa, B%#SV4c; Rape, 3c; Hemp. 49
Me: Timothy, nominal.
DRIED PEAS— II 2S®l 50; Green, $1 50 j
62 per ctl. m
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Onions and River Potatoes are doing rather
1 better, but Salinas Potatoes are very weak.
Sweet Potatoes are firm.
The glut in Vegetables continue*, Tomatoes
and Green Corn being a drug in the market.
POTATOES— Garnet Chiles. 736900; Early
! Rose, odiSJTOc; Burbank*. 50<f?S0c per ctl; Sa
linas Burbanks. $1 10-&1 25; Sweet Potatoes, i%
£ I- <■ Per Ib.
ONIONS— SOI?9Oc per ctl for Silverskins;
; Pickle Onions. 50(g>75c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 2^2'sc per lb;
String Beans. 14#2ic: Lima Beans, 2VisJ3c; Cab- !
bage, 50ir630; River Tomato*", 15<fi 2.'x: ; Alameda
| Tomatoes, 25(g'50c; Erst Plant, 85035 c; Green!
i Okra. .1" -ft. ',0c per box; Garlic. 2fi3<:; Green Pep
i I ers, 3S^gsoc for Chili and 40<g5Oc per box for |
Bell; Carrots. Mo4Oc per sack; Bay Cucumbers. i
23<330c; Pickles. $1 50@l 75 per ctl for No. 1 and
75c for No. 2; Summer Squasn. lSig'SSc; Marrow
fat Squash. $18 per ton: Green Corn, 23SMC per
sack. 50975 c per crate for Alameda and 13@40c
for Berkeley. •
Poultry and Game.
Several cars of Eastern Poultry are an
nounced for the first of the week.
Doves are firm and in lighter supply.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 14315 c for Gob
■ blers and 14-?lsc for Hens; Young Turkeys,
16IH.Sc: Geese, p«r pair, $1 5»""iSl 75; Goslings,
II 50#2; Ducks, $3 si)ift4 for old and Jjfjfi for
young; Hens, $4 50<&5 60; youns Roosters, $4 50fJ
■. a SO; old Roosters, $4©4 50; Fryers, $3 50(Jj'4;
. Broilers, $3@3 £0 for large. $2 3O3JS for small;
Pigeonj, $1 50§l 75 per dozen for old and 11 75
Ct2 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves, 73c per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The Butter market iras rather more settled
i yesterday, and the range quoted by dealers was
! narrower and more reasonable. The fee-ling is ;
1 weak and prices are shaded to accommodate
: buyers.
Cheese remains unchanged.
Ranch Eggs are doing better again, being
scarce, but store Eggs remain about the same.
There are Pome small and off-colored ranch
Ekks coming In, and these will not bring the
top quotations.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery. 26.tt:8c; seconds,
2HJ2SC.
Dairy— Fancy, 2tc; good to choice, 22®23c;
! store, nominal.
Pickled roll. 20<S21c; firkin, 19^21; creamery
! tub, 21 / ?r22r per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, UQllMc: old, 10
Sioi*,c- Young America, lltgllVSc; Eastern. 13
lac.
EGGS— Quoted at 21@25c for store and 27H®
S2c per doz*n for ranch; Eastern, 22H@24c for
selected. S9otlC for No. 1 and 17§13c for sec
onds. '
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Bartlett Pears in boxes for table use are
bringing more money, being scraeer. Peaches
are also steadier. Plums are In mote moderate
i supply at about the same oM prices. Melons are
' firm, but Grapes are in excessive supply and
weak. Berries stand about the same. There
are more Quinces on the market
| DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
i Apples. 35@60c per box for common and 75cS
$1 25 tor good to choice.
BERRlES— Blackberries. $3<@4 per chest:
Strawberries, $5@7 per chest for small and
$2 5)0^3:0 fur large berries: Raspberries, J3@4
per chest: Huckleberries. 4©7 c per lb.
Grapes, 23iS30c per box and crate for Fon
tainebleau. 23@40c for black. 35«JC0c for Mus
cat, Jsfi 50c for Tokay, 65@?0c for Seedless and
7Sc«?»l for Isabellas.
1 Watermelons. JSII2O per 100.
I Cantaloupes, 50@75a per crate; Nutmegs, lO<tJ
50c per box.
Pears, Bartletts, $!#1 50 per box for No. 1 arid
50<875c for No. 2; in bulk, 533550 per ton.
; Figß. 50@75c per box for double layers of
': small black and 40550e for large purple.
Peaches 30®60c per box and 25<?!0c per bas
| ket: in bulk. $20(g30 per ton.
Plums, 15@40c per box; Prunes, 40@50c per
crate.
Quince*. 40<g6Oc p«r box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Lemon*. M@l 76 for com
mon and $2(^3 for good to choice: Mexican
Limes $t<ST4 50; California Limes, nominal;
Bananas, II 53@J 10 per bunch; Pineapples. II
Qt {0 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
' Peaches are weak at a slight decline. Apples
are also easy, but no lower. Prunes are still
dull, and the larg* sizes are shaded. Apricots
and Nectarines are very firm and scarca. Pears
are steady at the good prices.
DRIED FRUITS (New . Crop)— Prunes. In |
sacks S^c for 40-BO's, 4Hc for 50-60' s, 4c fcr 80
--70's 3Hc for 70-86's, S@SUc for SO-W's and 2\
tJ''*ic for 90-100's; Apricots, 10<gllc for Royals,
141T15C for MUorparks and 12<5!12Hc for Blen
heims- Peaches. siJ6c for Standards and 6H^fii,c
for choice: peeled Peaches, lfcgUc; Evaporated
Apples, 7!f»7Hc: Sun-dried, 4H®SUo per ib: j
Nectarines, 7@SVjC per lb: Pears, r^fic for i
quarters and »®9c for halves; Black Figs, 3c.
RAISINS— 3^ic for two-crown, 4Hc for three
crown 5%0 for four crown, 44!8'6c for Seedless
Sultanas, 3'ic for Seedless Muscatels and Si 20
for London Layers; Dried Grape*. 2 3 itT'3c.
NUTS— Walnuts. s®?c for hardshell. l(T@llc
for softshell; Chile Walnuts. ll@12c; Almonds,
new crop, 7V4c for Languedoc and 9^c for pa
cer-shell: Peanuts, s\(?6Hc for Eastern; Brazil
Nuts, 2 (&3c; Filberts, ll@HV4c; Pecans, 7Vi® I
8c; Cocoanuts. $4 50(05. .',„, .
HONEY— Comb. HHc for bright and 10Hc for
light amber; water white extracted T^S^c;
light amber extracted. e^Sf7c: dark. 6V4c
per lb.
BEESWAX— M@26c per lb.
Provisions.
Quotations for all descriptions remain un
changed. Trade Is quiet.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, SMC per lb for
heavy. 9«9Hc for light medium, lie for light.
12V4c for extra light and 13c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13'-±c; California.
Hams. 13c; Mess Beef. $13 per lb: extra
Prime Beef. $12 80; extra clear. $1« 50; mes»,
$13@15 50; Smoked Beef. 12c per lb. .
LAP.!)— quoted at B^ao^o Per It) lor
compound and 7c for pure; half -barrels, pure,
7Hc: 10-lb Una, Sftc; 5-lb tins, SHc.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6**37Hc per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
There is no further change to note. Hides
are firm and wantetl. Wool is also firm, with a
moderate Inquiry. Hops are firm enough now,
but are expected to weaken later on.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10<glC^c; medium, !>^9'-c: light, 3c;
Cowhlde«, »c; Stags, «c; Salted Kip, Sc; Calf,
10c; dry Hides, sound, 16c; culls and brands,
13c; dry Kip and Veal, 16c; dry Calf. 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 20©30 c each; short
Wool. 23@60c each; medium. 70@90c; long Wool,
Soc<?U 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, J2€! 36 for
large and $1 2301 50 for small: Colts, 25<g50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4@4%c per lb; No.
2, 3®3V4c; refined. ; grease, 2<r2'4c.
WOOL — Spring Clips — San Joaquin and
Southern, 7 months, SSJlle: San Joaquia Foot
hill, defective, S<ff9c: Valley Oregon. 17@l!>c;
Eastern Oregon. 12#t4c for choice and o®llHc
for fair to good.
Fall Clip— San Jcaquin Lambs, 8310 c: do
plains, 7@Sc; San Joaquin and Southern Moun
tain. HS<B9c.
HOPS— New are nominal at 12^@12',ic per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
'] As previously noted, the Importations of Ari
zona Hcgs have produced no effect on the mar
ket, which remains firm. The other descriptions
continue steady and unchanged.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
REEF— 7<g7\c per lb for Steers and 6Vi@7c for
Cows.
VEAL— 7<gloc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7'£@Sc; Ewes, 7@7-.,c per
podnd.
1 L.V ME— Spring, S^'JTOc per lb.
i PORK— Live Hogs, s%©»ffcc for small. 6c for
medium and : ! -..':"X- for large: stock hogs and
I Feeders, 3Hc; dressed Hogs, 7©BV4c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Bags are easy, with sales at the
Quotations. Calcutta Grain Bag?. 7.@7>ic; Wool,
Bags. 2«g2Sc; Fruit Bags, sVio, s&c and
6c for the three grades of white and 7jV7^c for
bleached jute.
COAL— Receipts at this port thus 'far this
year amount to 934.500 tons, against -42,730 dur
ing the Fame time last year and included 412.517
tons from Pugret S<jun<3, 100,274 from Australia
and 110,281 .. from British Columbia. Wel
lington, $$ per ton; New Wellington, $S;
Southfleld Wellington, $7 59; Seattle, ?•>;
Bryant, IS; Coos Bay, $5: Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch. $». Cumberland, $9 In bulk and $10 50
in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, (12;
Cannel. $S per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate. $7 80; Coke, 112 per ton in bulk and $14
in sacks. -
SUGAR— Th« "Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash. in lOC-Ib bags:
Cubes, A crushed and Fine Crushed, sVjc;
Powdered, 5Uc; Candy Granulated, s',fec;
Dry Granulated, sc; Confectioners' A. sc; Cali
fornia A, — : Magnolia A. 4%c; Extra C. ♦'•jc:
Golden C. +?sc; barrels, l-16c more: half barrels,
Y<c more; boxes, Vie more, 50-lb bags, He more.
No order taken for less than 73 barrels or Its
equivalent. Dominoes, half barrels, s*ic; boxes.
6c per lb.
Receipts from the islands In .August were
E4,S(AOOO pounds, against 32,375,100 in the same
month last year.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY. SEPTEMBER 2.
Flour, qr ska S,32lSugar. sks 500
Wheat. ctls l,!>« 0: Chicory, ska 59
Barley, ctls 4,8*3 Wool, bags 110
Oats, ctls 1.230! Hay. tons 1,193
Rye. ctls 300 Straw, tons 10
Cheese, ctls 31 Lime, bbis »1
Butter, ctls Wine, pals I*o6o
Potatoes, sks 3.511: Leather, r0115..... 59
Onions, sks I.OM Eenrs, doz 6.570
Bran, sks 2,1«5 Pelts. Mis 178
Middlings, sks.... 300 Hides, no 807
ORKGON.
Flour, qr sks 2.7"') Bran, sks 4.540
Potatoes, ska 24
THE STOCK MARKET.
Business In securities was good for Satur
day. Contra Costa Water advanced to $76 and
Paauhau Plantation to $35 50.
Mining stocks were quiet and firm, with a
slight advance in a number. The telegram
from the pump said: "At 6:20 this morning
the water was 29 feet ; 3 inches below the
1950-foot level station. Elevator No. 2 has been
running continuously."
The Occidental, Savage, Union and Utah
assessments fall delinquent in board and the
Occidental assessment in office on Tuesday.
-morrow fcelns; a legal holiday all the ex
changes will remain closed.
The sales of bonds on the Bond Exchange
thus? far this year amount to $4,162,200, against
$2,r>44,500 for the same time last year, and the
sales of stocks to 4*5,805 shares, against 326,-
L'"3.
The Jack Pot mine In Colorado paid $80,534
on August 30.
The Pacific Lighting Company will pay a
dividend of 35 cents per share on the sth.
Interest is now payable on the following
local railway, water and gas bonds. Ferries
and Clir'f House Railway. $:'. for the half year,
$19,600; Market Street Railway, $2 50 for the
half year, $120,415; Powell Street Railway, *3
for the half year, $21,000; Spring Valley Water,
$3 for the half year, $133,250; Spring Valley
Water. $1 for the quarter, $11,000; Stockton Gas
and Electric, $3 for the half year, $9000. The
total amount of these disbursements is $320,173.
Highest price* of stocks during the week:
Name of Stock. I M. I T. | W. I T. | F. I S.
Alpha n« 06 C 6 'i* 1 06 04
Alta 05 05 04 On 06 06
Andes <.... 16 15 IS 18 17 17
Belcher 37 36 38 37 34 33
Best and Belcher ,62! 61 67 66 64 64
Bullion 0«; 06 06 06 07 07
Caledonia 57 ."■ 63 85-; 70 TO '
Challenge 36 1 36 39 351 33 36 !
Chollar i 35 33 37 37 37 41
Con. Cal. and Va 1 SO 1 85 1 9012 00 1 90 1 M
Confidence M SI ' v SO 80
Crown Point 23 22 24 !2 22 23
Could and Curry 37 3s' 40 37 34 33 ;
Hale and Norcross.... 31 31 ' 32 1 32 34 1 33 j
Justice i 15 14 14 16 13 14
Mexican ! 62 52 63 M 61 62
Ophir i« ....... 1 15 1 15 1 23 1 25 1 15120
Overman 11l 11 1 16 14 13 15
Occidental 16 19' 19 1?! is 20
Potosi 33 32 1 34 34 37 35
Savag* 1: 19 19 iri 19 20
Standard 2 40 2 65 2 70 2 63 2 65 . .
Sierra Nevada "' 71 76 78 75 $4
Union 23; 23 25 M 24 23
Utah 07 OS 09 03 OS 09
Yellow Jacket 31 31! 32 32 30 31
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, Sept. 2—12 m.
Bld.ASk. Bid. Ask.
Bonds— ' Equit G L Co. 34 44
4« quar c0up. .1124 — Mutual El Co. 16U I6»i
<s quar re* ... — — OGL, & H... 49 "50
4» new quar... — 131*4 Pac Gas Imp — «'j\
ti quar coup.. 1084109 Pae LCo 39 414
Miscellaneous—; S F G & E.... 68 65%
Cal-st Cab sa. — — San Fran 14 3%
C C Wat 65... — 11014 Stockton Gas.. 11 —
Ed L& P 6s. .130 — Insurance—
F&CI Ry Ss.U4 — Flrem's Fund.22s —
I Geary-st H 51. — 95 Bank Stocks—
HC & S 545. .1074 — ! An*lo-Cal .... 65 —
L A Ry 55....10Ck106^ Bank of Cal..2S2V£2S3£
L A LCo 65.. » — C«l SD 4 T.. — »S
Do gntd 65.. 93 — First Nat10n1.234 — j
Do entd £s.. - 100 ,U>Ti P & A....123% —
Market-st if.. .12814 — • Mer Exchange — 1«
Do Ist M 35.U4»4 — Nev Nat 8k...152419«
NCKG Ry 7s.HO — ! Savings Banks—
NR of Cat 65. 1 it — Ger S & L..1650 —
N R of Cal a 5 .1154 — ; Ham S ,<;- r,.loßit 1130
N P C P. R 83.1054 — ! Mut Say Bk. 374 —
NPC U R 65.106 107 3 1 Say U... 300 —
N Cal R R as .lll — Say & L So. — S2V»
OGL & H Bs.lll - Sec Say Bk. — 300
Oak Transt 6s.lU 1124 L'nlcn T C 0.1400. 1400 1440
Om C Ry 65.. — 130 Street Railroads—
P&CI Ry 6s. 107 IM California ....120 —
Pic &O Ry 6*. us — Geary ..... « —
Fowell-st R6s.U3 — Market-st 63 —
Sac El «&Rss — - Oak S L&H. — S»
6F&N PSs — 115 Presidio 12 —
8 F & S JV3S.II3*; — Powder-
SRy Of Cal 69.108*4 — California ....130 165
SPof A 65.... — 113^ S Dynamit».w *5 —
S P C 65(13<?5)112 112%, Oians Con Co. 734 74
S P C RsilO'WK - 114 V, Vlgorit ........ 2*4 —
S P C 65(1912).122!4124',-2 SiiKar—
SPCIs eg ss. 1024 - Hana P C 0.... 154 15*4
8P Br 65...... — 126 Haw C*3 C. 96'^ S7' 3
B V Wat •»...lt*H — Hutch SP Co 31% 32
S V Wat 45...104 ii— Kilau»a S C. 30*; 31>4
S V TV* 4s(3dm)lol — Mnkn^eli sC. 3M| —
Stktn Gas 6».. — — :Onnn-.ea S C. «% —
Water Stocks— Paahau S C... 394 40
Contra Costa.. 73% 76 1 -i M'-i'^iian»ou«—
Mitrin County. ii» - Al Pac Assn.. ll7%llS
Spring Valley. 102' >ler l^x A.«-ft.. — Ma
Gas and Electric— Oceanic S Co.. — 50
Capital Gas... — — |Pac A F A... 1%, —
C«nt GCo — — Pac C Bor Co.HO 1424
C«nt L & P... — 7 Far Halm Co. B*4 —
Morning Session.
Board—
1 Bank of California 255 00
70 Bank of California ;....252 50
60 Contra Costa Water 74 00
25 Giant Powder Con 74 00
25 Giant Powder Con 73 75
50 Oiant Powder Con. b 10 74 00
2i* liana Plantation Co > ..15 374
50 Hana Plantation Co IS 25
50 Har.a Plantation Co. b 5 i. 15 ;s
100 Hutchlnson S P Co 3175
23 KHauea. Sugar Plantation Co 30 00 -
110 Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co.. 30 [«
10 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co. 30 23'
5 Kllauea Sa^ar Plantation Co 30 50
10 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 30 624
$1000 Los Angeles Railway 5s. »..i. ....... .106 50
270 MakaweH Sunn C 0.....; 50 75 .
10 Mutual Electric Light 16 50
100 Paauhau 5? P Co 33 CO
60 Paauhau S P Co.. 3-1 ;,i>
$3t:no Park & Cliff House 65...... 107*5
25 Spring Valley Water 102 124
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
10 Alaska Packers' Association 11T 7!
100 Equitable Ga« 375 .
; 45 Giant i'owder Con.. 71 00 .
tiiYjn Lo S Angeles Railway 5s 106 N
M Hawaiian Commercial 96 25
.-■• Mutual Electric Co IS «2^
20 Spring Valley Water 102 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Belcher 37 100 Ophir 120
leJchcr HI 660 Pototd 39
406 Belcher S:» 400 Savage 20
ir,o Best & Belcher >-'S : 100 Sierra Nevada. 7S
300 Bullion f-7 IW Sierra Nevada. 9
<m Chollar 41 sno Silver Hill 02
2iifl Gould & Curry. 33 200 Union Con -1
500 Hale & Norcrs. :i.i 300 Utah 09
600 Occidental 20 ICO Yellow Jacket. 31
50 Occidental 19
Following w«re the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: ,
Morning Session.
300 Belcher 37 1 *) 200 Gould & Curry. 34
300 Belcher 38 200 Gould & Curry. 33
2Uj Belcher 87 200 Hale & Norcrs. S4
tOt Best * Belcher 84 200 Mexican 51
300 Best & Belcher 61 200 Ophlr 115
200 Chollar 381 TOO Potosl 3S
SOO Chollar 41 1100 Potosi S3
200 Chollar M 500 Savage 20
200 Chollar 3'"' 1 200 Sierra Nevada. 77
300 Con Cal & V.I S7H I 300 Sierra Nevada. S3
2^ Con. Cal & V..1 200 Union C0n...... 23
3CO Con Cal & V.I 82 W 100 Union Con 21
2CO Crown Point... 231 400 Union C0n....- J5
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. September 2—12 m.
Alpha 06 07 Justice 14 19
Alta " 06 07[Kentnck P3 05
Andes 17 IS Lady Wash 01 02
Belcher 37 29 Mexican 51 53
Best & Belcher S3 63 ' Occidental 19 80
Bullion 07 0* Ophir 110 115
Caledonia 70 — [Overman 14 IS
Chollar 33 40 Potosl 38 »
Challenge Con.. &i ?ava«e 19 20
Confidence ... SO So j Scorpion 02 —
Ccn Cal & Va..l 80 185 S-jr Belcher 06 07
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. S3 *+
Crown Point.... 22 M Sifter Hill 02 0+
Con New Tork. — 02 Syndicate — 07
Eureka C0n.... — 50 Standard — 2 fs
Exchequer — 0.1 SI Louis — l<»
Gould v Curry. 33 ■(( Union Con 25 2S
Hale & Norcrs. M 16 Ctah 09 10
Julia 02 63 Yellow Jacket. 33 31
Xoticc to Mariners.
Office United States Lighthouse Inspector,
Twelfth District, San Francisco, Cal., Sep
tember 2. ; -?
San Francisco bar. California: Notice is
hereby given that the inside bar buoy (nine
fathom buoy), entrance San, Francisco Bay.
first-class nun buoy, black and white per
pendicular stripes, which was recently carried
away, has been replaced in its former posi
tion.
This notice affects the list of beacons and
buoys, Pacific Coast, IS9S, page IS.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
U. SEBREE. Commander. U. 8. N. -
Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse District
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Height? of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Saa
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— Th« hlg*. and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide Is th« same at both places.
SI'NDAY. SEPTEMBER 3.
Sun rises 5:41
Sun sets •'■''*
Moon rises : 4:15 a.' m.
0 Timet Time [Timet I Time I
£ I Ft. I - - Ft. I -- 1 Ft. 1 Ft.
5 L- W; !H W L W H WI
"4 .1 4:45 0.5 U:30! ?.2 5:01! 1.6 11:14! 6.1
5 ... 5:161 0.71 11:551 5.31 5:3<*| L2 11:54 6.0
« ... 5:46 1.0 12:13 6.3! 6:lfij 1.0! I
H W I- W IH Wj L W
7 .. I 0:351 4.91 6:16! 1.31 12:41! 5.4! ItSM 0.7
8 ' 1:20 4.7 6:49! 1.6! l:C7i 5.3! 7:39 0.5
9 '.'.'. 2:111 4.5j 7:21: 2.0J 1:40' 5.6 8:30 0.4
10 .. ! 8:10 4.2' 8:03| 2.8 2:2o[ S.5| 9:28" 0.8.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tide*
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and '.he successive tides of th»
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Tha
second time column gives the second tide of
the day the third time column the third tld«
and the last or right hand column gives th«
last tide of th* day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. Th« heights
given are additions to the soundings on th«
United States Coast Survey charts, exceot
when • minus sign (— ) precedes the height.
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts- The plane of
reference i? the mean of the lower low waters.
Time Bali
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. 8. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal..
September 2. 1599.
The lime ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
1 c. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich time.
C. G. CAI#KINS,
Lieutenant Commander. XJ. S. X.. In charge.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. ! From. I Due.
Homer [St. Michael » ISep. I
Empire Coos Bay Sep. 3
Orizaba Seattle _ .._... Sep. 3
A. Blanchard... Coos Bay Sep. I
Coos ■My Newport Pep. 3
Tacoma 'Seattle.: Sep. 4
Pomona [Humboldt .......... 'Sep. 4
Bertha .*. St. Michael Sep. 4
Grace Dollar... Grays Harbor Sep. 4
Czarina Puget Sound.... Sep. 4
Walla Walla.... Victoria & Puget Sound Sep. *
North Fork (Humboldt Sep. 4
Crescent City... Crescent City Sep. 4
Areata Coos Bay Me*. 5
Corona San Diego Sep. 5
Aberdeen Humboldt Sep. 5
Samoa [Humboldt .' 'Sep. 9
Titanla Nanalmo Sep. $
Mackinaw ..... Tacoma.....* Sep. 6
Weeott Humboldt Sep. 7
Columbia Portland Sep. 7
San Juan Panama Sep. 7
Santa Cruz Newport 'Sep. T
Willamette INanalmo.... Sep. 7
Point Arena.... Point Arena Sep. 8
Wellington Departure Bay Sep. 9
Santa Rosa Ban Diego ,Sep. 9
City of Rio J., China and Japan ,Sep. }
Umatilla Victoria & Puget Sound Sep. 9
State of Cal.. ..[Portland.. U Sep. 12
Australia [Honolulu... Sep. '■-
TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Weeott Humboldt [Sep. 3, 6 pm[Pler It
Santa Rosa Diego .... Sep. 3, 11 am Pier 11
Queen IVlo & Pgt 3d. Sep. 3.10 am. Pier »
i Pt Arena.. .(Point Arena.. [Sep. 4, 2 Pier 2
A. Blanch'diCoos Bay [Sep. 5, 10 am Pier IS
Coos Bav... Newport ...... Sep. 6, 9 am I Fief 11
State Cal... [Portland [Sep. 5. 10 am Pier
Aloha Capo Nome. ..[Sep. 5, 4 pm'.Pler 1
Pomona .... Humboldt [Sep. 8. 2 Pier J
Newburg ..(Grays Harbor Sep. 8, 4 pm!
Alameda ..Sydney ...[Sep. 6. 10 pm, Pier 7
Areata [Coos Bay Sep. 7. TO ampler 13
Corona ..... San Diego Sep. 7. 11 am Pier 11
; North Fork. Humboldt [Sep. 7. 9 am Pier 2
Curacao ... Mexico Sep. 7. 10 am Pier 11
j \capulco ..'Panama Sep. 8.12 mtPMSfl
Walla Wall Vic & Pgt Sd. [Sep. 8. 10 am Pier 9
: Santa Cruz. Newport Sep. 9. 9 am, Pier 11
Homer ..... Cape Nome... Sop. 9 1
Columbia .. Portland Sep. 10. 10 am Pier 24
q'amoa Humboldt 'Sep. 10. 10 am Pier I
VIp Mam.. China& Japan Sep. -?, 1 pm!PMSS
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, September 2.
Stmr, Laguna, Ericsson, 19 hours from Needle
Ro»'k.
Stnir George W Eider, Conway, 55 hours from
Portland, via Astoria 46 hoars.
Stmr Noyo, Winkel, 14 hours from Fort
Ptrrfr Aloha, Jorgeason, 11 hours from Point
Stmr George Loomis, Brid«rett, 36 hours from
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund, 14 hours from
Green^vo* ' '1
Ftmr State of California. Parsons. 544 hour*
from Portland, via Astoria 41 hours.
Schr Repeat, Olsen. 6 days from map*
Hart * r \ CLEARED.
Saturday, September 2.
Btmr Santa Rosa. San Dleso; Goodall. Per*
Stmr Queen. Jepsen. Victoria and Port Town-
Bend; Goo-lall. PerkiM & Co. _
Br stmr Doric. Smith, Hongkong and Yoko
hama, via Honolulu; O & O S S Co.
Ft bark Marguerite Dollfas, Lahaye, Queens
town; Balfour, Guthrie &Co.
Tug Pilot, Butler, Nanalmo; R Dunsmulr
"Barge Colorado, Andrews, Nanaimo; R Duns
muir Sons Co. „
Haw bark Himalaya, Dearborn, Melbourne;
J J Moore & Co. «
Bark Charles B Kenney. Anderson, Isanaimo;
Jacob Jensen.
Saturday. September 2.
' Stmr Le»lanaw. Storrs, Manila. via Honolulu.
Stmr Portland, Lindqulst, St Michael, via
Unalaska.
Continued on Page 18.
192 0
HOSPITAL SHIP
RELIEF IS NOT
A SAFE VESSEL
A Passenger Permit
Refused Her.
TWELVE TRANSPORTS IN PORT
THE WAKREN AND LEELANAW
SAIL FOR MANILA.
AH the Others Will Get Away During
tli* Month, Carrying About
Fifteen Thousand
Soldiers.
The hospital ship Relief was condemned
yesterday by local Inspectors of Hulls and
Boilers liolles mid Bulger bo far as the
carrying of passengers is concerned. The
Inspectors found that she was top-heavy
and not safe to be used as a passenger
vessel, and they have recommended that
she be used by the Government as a.
freight vessel to ply in the Philippine Isl
ands. The Relief was to have carried
hospital nurses and doctors and was to
have sailed on the 16th Insf. She will now
probably have her hurricane deck re
moved and will then pass muster.
Two ii the transports got away for Ma
nila yesterday. The JL>ee;aJia.w bailed dur
ing the morning with a load of horses and
mules and the "Warren went out in the
afternoon, with nearly 1000 recruits. There
were not many people on the docks to
Bee either vessel away, but the soldiers on
the Warren made some tun before the
transport departed. A number of them
tried bo pass the guard, and when they
failed endeavored to walk the hawser
from the ship to the shore. Every one of
them fell Into the bay, and the boatmen
were kept busy fishing them out of the
water. Sergeant Matthews was the last
man to ina-ke the ulteiiiiA, and he came
very near drowning, lie struck his head
egainat the anchor, and had not Henry
Peterson dived 111 after him he would
never have- come out 01 the water alive.
There were twelve transports in the bay
yesterday, and the Tacoma, due here from
Seattle, would have made the unlucky
thirteen had she arrived in time. The
departure of the L**elanaw and Warren
eaves the situation, however, and every
man on the fleet is glad in consequence.
Every sailor on the- Iront vows that had
the thirteen transports been in port to
gether "one of them would never have
reached Manila."
The transport Grant comes off the Hun
ters Point drydock to-day. She will sail
for Manila about September 20. The Han
cock's repairs will not be completed for
three weeks, and It will be the first week
In October before she sails. The Sikh,
Belgian King and George W. Elder are
the only vessels of the fleet that have not
taken on their white dress. The Elder
arrived yesterday and went at once on
the drydock. After she comes off coal
will be put aboard and then she and the
other two steamers will be painted white.
She will start for Manila the last week in
the month.
The Centennial and the Columbia will
be ready to sail this week, and both will
probably depart on Friday. The Colum
bia will carry troops and' the Centennial
horses. The work of getting the Aztec
and Sherman ready is being rushed, and
they will probably sail on the 12th inst.
The Aztec will carry over 4000 tons of
supplies and a number of horses, while
the Sherman will convey about 1500 sol
diers. The Tacoma, which is expected
every minute from the Sound, will be pre
pared as quickly as possible and the en
tire fleet will be nt pea before October la
very old. With those on the way they
should give General Otis about 25.000 ad
ditional trooDS by the middle of Novem
ber. Apart from these there is a fleet on
the way here from Manila, all of which
•will be sent back as ouickly as they can
be got- ready. The Sheridan is now out
twenty-three days and the Zealandia and
"Valencia eleven days, while the Pennsyl
vania, City of Para. Tartar. Newport.
Ohio and Indiana are expected to sail any
day. _^_^__^^____
Merchants' Association Gro-u-s.
At a meeting 1 of the board of directors
of the Merchants' Association Thursday
the following" thirty-three applications for
membership were received and the parties
elected, making: the present total member
ship of the association 10S5: Baldwin
Jewelry Company: "William Bateman;
Brown *• Adams: The Butterick Publish
ing Company; Colonial Hotel: W. F.
Cordes; Hugh Craig: Alfred E. Davis; R.
X>. Davis & Co.; Devoto & Pedrlni: Dodge
Stationery Company: Mrs. 1,. Dudley:
Enpign, Biokford & Co.; M. Francis; C.
T. Hall & Co.: Charles Fisher; R. H.
JHetcher. curator Mark Hopkins Institute
Of Art: Rudolph Herold Jr.: Harpham &
Jargon: Hilmer. Bredhoff & Schulz; Al
bert Ho«"-flich: Thomas Kelly & Sons: Lar-
Itins & Co.; C. Limousin; Charles Michal-
Jtechke; Mercantile Trust Company: Mor
gan & Wright; National Cloak and Suit
Company; Pacific Coast Manufacturing j
lAgencj; John Reid: Charles Rlenecker:
Mrs. S. Thomas; "WyckofT, Beamans &
{Benedict.
Against the Railroad.
In the United States Circuit Court yes
terday the Jury in the case of A. Paxton
end L*. Paxtori vs. the Southern Pacific
Company returned, a verdict awarding the
plaintiffs $2550 and costs. The suit was for
$40,000 damages for personal Injuries re
ceived In a railroad accident in Placer
vine.
ADVERTISEMENT 3.
Wss&tag t® work
Is the only way in which the business
"woman, employed in store or office, can
set open air ex- nxmnsipsi^xKxccvHVH
<levelops a tend- WKKdaSA.'- fi ' ; v *'
ever there is
ing, soreness of j&t%^J/£si£*fy%s
the chest, obsli- Wjt*Z>
Bate cough, "jCrS^^^" iw 1 *"'?/^
bleeding from |§*v<{ l\S iffl'f-.Js
of disease of the §^±^^V/\ -?&!$$
gana, begin the I M- "*"^L' > L a^,'-'''-*^^v]
perfectly and
" I '.ras very sick ' "^ Jj . ( *BE»BH
iude«d." writes j v< *-» "\ ;.'C -^'^H^\ I
Mrs. Mollie Jacob*, ]i -~\ ' *'~-'^r I
ofFelton. Kent Co., | |j|N«
Delaware, "and n*»* TT^-'
oar family doctor lilUrtfl pTTTTT ll
aaid I had con- , ;il iiJJjKI
sumption. I > "V nß^Ul' ' '
thought 1 muist die jjj. |PSPn ' !
koou for I lelt to 81 1 fffff||[|)||
awful bad. Had a Wl* llI •"■«"-' Tr
bad cough, spit blood, and was very short of
breath. I had pains in my chest and right lung,
also had dyspepsia. Before I took your ' Golden
Medical Discovery ' and ' Pleasant Pellets' I was
«o weak. I could not sweep a room, now I can
do a small washing. I feel like a new person."
Dr. Picrco's Pellets cure - heart-burn.
j , ■ r
CITY WILL BE
GRILLED WITH
ELECTRIC WIRES
Plans of Independent
Company Filed.
UNDERGROUND DUCTS RULE
MILES OF CONDUITS WILL SOON
BE LAID.
TTie Spreckels Company Piles Its
Specifications With the Super
visors — Thousands of Dol
lars Will Be Expended.
There are more things than unpaid
; city gas bills coming before the Board
of Supervisors to make Mr. Crockett of ;
the gas combine wince and look to the j
welfare of his company's slocks. Yester
i day Clerk Russell was requested to take
1 and file for the Independent Electric ]
, Light and Power Company the speciiieu- |
tions for the line of conduits upon which !
it proposes to soon begin work. The j
spi-cifiea tions were accompanied by an I
undertaking, upon which Claus Spreckeis
and A. B. Spreckels appeared as sureties,
to lay the conduits within the strictest
provision of the law and subject to the
supervision and decision of the Superin
tendent of Streets. A blue print map was
i also enclosed outlining the work first to
; be begun, that of station A, which begins j
at the sugar refinery at Georgia and
Humboldt streets and runs west on Hum
i boldt to Illinois, north on Illinois to
Twenty-second, west on Twenty-second I
to Kentucky, north on Kentucky to Mari
: posa and thence west to Mississippi.
j The specifications provide for terra cotta
ducts to be set In an encasement of con
crete. The ducts are to be placed at a
depth of from two and one-half to three
feet under the grade of the street, ac
! cording to the obstacles that may be met 1
with. The trenches to be deg along the j
public highways will be approximately
eighteen inches wide. Brick manholes
with castlron heads will be set in at in- 1
tervals-and branch pipes will be laid from |
: the main conduits to the curb In order
that consumers' lines may be connected.
Every important residence and business |
street in the city is to be grilled with
wire, but under the surface where, al
though it will be more expensive, will be
less unsightly. The specifications provide j
j for conduits along the following Btreets: ,
1 From Georgia and Humboldt streets, on
Humboldt to Illinois, on Illinois to Twenty
. second, on Twenty-second to Kentucky, on
Kentucky to Maripi*a, on Mariposa to .Missis
sippi, on Mississippi to Seventeenth, on Seven
teenth to Kansas, on Kansas to Eighth and
Townsend, on Kighth to Market, on Mission
from Twelfth to East, on both sides of Market
from Twelfth to Kust. on cross streets be
tween Mission and Market, from Twelfth to
East. On Van Ness avenue from Market Btreet
to Washington, on Polk from Market to Clay,
en Larkin from Market to Sacramento.
On Kyde, from .Market t" Sacramento, on
Leavenwcrth from Market to Hush, (in Jones
from Market to Hush, on Taylor from Market
to Bush, on Mason from Market to Bush, on
; Powell from Market to Hush, on Stockton from
Market to Bush, on Dupont fn m Market to
Bush, on Kearny, Montgomery. Sanaome from
Market to Pacific, on Battery, Front, Davis,
Drumm from Market to Washington, on Fell !
from Market to Franklin, on Hayes' from Mar- ,
ket to Van Ness avenue, on Grove, Fulton,
McAllister. Golden Gate avenue, Turk. Eddy,
: Geary. Post. Sutter. Bush, Pine, California,
' Sacramento, from Market to Van Ness avenue,
on Clay, Jackson and Pacific from East to
Kearny.
BEECHER BENEFIT
AT THE PALACE
Splendid Entertainment in
Aid of the Cooperative
Home No. 2.
The entertainment in aid of the Co-op
erative No. 2, " a home for self-respecting,
m if-supporting, small-salaried young
women," held in the maple ha.ll of the
Palace on Thursday was a gratifying- suc
cess. The entertainment was varied and
Interesting and was received with favor
by the large audience present.
The programme was as follows:
Instrumental mueic. Martin Shultz; Spanish
i-'>i:K. HIM Pritehard; "The £alut<- ol the Im
mortalite" (original poem), Mrs. Amelia Wood
ward Truesdale; lecture. "What Freedom. Has
l>>ne for "Uncle Tom,' the Afro-American and
Others," Dr. A. M. Beecher; plantation song.
Golden Gate A fro- American Quartet; recita
tion, "Dewey Were His Name." Mrs. Nellie
Holbrook-Bllnn; Italian song. "Sic Tupta Mia."
Miss Alyce Gates; trombones, Mips kuud Mo
ble. accompanied by Miss Reed Hutchinsnn;
recitation, "A Bit of Wedding Cake," MIM
Gertrude Gates; Mory of the homo, Mrs. John
A. B. Wilson; "Home, .S\ve<?t Home," Golden
Gate Afro-American yuartet.
■ ♦ .
PRISONERS AT THE BAR.
! Five Convicts Are Sentenced for
Various Crimes.
Simon Oarlick, who jumped his bonds
j a Phort time ago and enjoyed several
i months of liberty and after his recapture
, pleaded guilty to a charge of burglary
, against him. was sentenced to five yean
I in Folsom Prison by Judge Dunne yes
: terday. Ammedao de Giveia. Vv-ho pleaded
guilty to having assaulted Angelo Rappa
with a knife orr April 4 last, was sentenced
to two years In Folsom. Edward Peter
son, who entered Sacred Heart Church,
Fillmore and Fell streets, with intpnt to
commit larceny, was sentenced to a term
| of three years In Folsom for the offense.
! John Covello. who made an attempt to
kill Joseph Garcia on June 7 last and was
j convicted of an assault with a deadly
i weapon, was fined $150 with the Blterna
' tlve of seventy-five days in thp County
I Jail. George Huot, who forged ihf> name
i of Isadore Lecureuil to a $100 draft on the
Crocker-Wool worth Bank, was given a
term of three years In Folsom.
Services at St. Ignatius.
Rev. Father Mahoney, S. J., -will preach
In St. Ignatius Church this morning, and |
the evening discourse will be delivered by I
Rev. Father Calgia. S. J.
The annual retreat of the Ladies' So- |
dality of St. Tgnatius Church will begin !
on Sunday. September 10, at 2:?.O p. m.. in |
the Students' Chapel (entrance on Hayes
Street). The daily exercises during the I
retreat will be as follows:
At 6 a. m. mass in the Gentlemen's So- !
dality Chapel; 6:30 a. m., meditation: 7:20 i
p. m.. rosary and litany of the Sacred
Heart; 7:45 p. m., hymn, "Veni Creator \
Spirltus"; 8 p. m., meditation; 8:30 p. m., i
benediction.
The retreat will conclude on Sunday, the
17th lnst.
St. Brendan's Entertainment.
An entertainment and social was given
hy the memhers of the League of the
Cross booth in aid of St. Brendan's Fair
on Friday and a neat sum was realized.
The affair was held in St. Brendan's Hall,
corner Fremont and Harrison streets, and
was under the auspices of the following
members of the booth: Miss Mnmie Pow
ers. Mrs. N. Cribbens Mrs. TV. Telfer,
Mr?. P. Bergevin and Mrs. Dugan. The
following programme was rendered:
Overture, Hyne's orchestra; vocal selec
tions, Joseph Hanson; recitation, George
Atkinson; cornet duot, Messrfi. Murray
; and Lachmann; baton exercises, Major
Frank L. Pohl: vocal duet, Upman sis
; ters; song, Willie Sable; Cakewalk, Mc
i Mahon and Kennedy; comic song, Mr.
, Douglas; selection, orchestra.
Without a Fish Story.
ABsistant United States Attorney Mar
shall B. Woodworth returned yesterday
from a visit to the wilds of Tuolumne
County, where he had been spending his
vacation. Hn brought back with him tht>
i carcasses of the grizzly bean that he has
: actually killed and the exact number of
; mountain trout that he has really caught.
THE VOLUNTEERS RETURN.— AII
the exciting scenes of the great recep
tion in the Wasp's quarterly "Home
Again" number, 25c. Sold by all news
dealers. •
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, SUKDAT, SEPTEMBER 3. 1899.
Hales.
1 tne Doys trom Manila will play tne * s ' r » t California Ke&iment band will fcive Its tirst concert in San . -ranciscu »t Huie'a
IIIC «Oy» irOm maniia Will Play Wedne B day afternoon, September 6, at 2 o'clock, ccc proftrammfli? Wedn«day'V paper".
A— : +
new trimmed hats, the new golf and
English walking hats trimmed with
eagle quills, resdv for wear, in soft fill
colors.. 75c, $1.25, $1.50, $2.50, $3, $4
4 1
the newest petticoat
the jersey knit, just in by yesterday's
express; fits close, giving slim appear-
ance in front; three 6-inch silk corded
ruffles gives full flare at bottom; has
deep dust flounce; price $15.00
ladies' underwear
ladies' jersey ribbed wool vests and i
pants; improved style and finish; flat-
covered seams; in pink, white and nat-
ural gray; sizes 4, 5 and 6.. 51.00 each i
ladies' oneita union suits of fine, j
heavy quality, half wool, in natural
gray; silk-trimmed neck and front;
flat-covered seams; elastic ribbed;
glove fitting; sizes small, medium, large
and extra large $1.00 suit
misses' jersey ribbed white wool vest
and pants; soft quality; nicely fin-
ished; covered seams: pearl buttons;
contains only a little cotton, enough to
prevent shrinkage; sizes 4 to 12 years
50c each
hosiery
infants' fine ribbed black cashmere
hose; gray merino heels and toes; sizes
4 to 6 12V6 pair
children's fine ribbed medium weight
seamless black cotton hose; hard- 1
twisted Egyptian cotton; very elastic; j
double heels, soles and toes; sizes 6 to |
10; a hose fully worth 12^c— our price j
9c pair
ladies' heavy wool black hose of soft
quality, ribbed; elastic tops; sizes & l |
to 10 .". 25c
infants' wear
baby bonnets, cream silk embroid-
ered and trimmed with ruche all round;
sateen lined -Tie each j
baby cloaks; cream white embroid-
ered cashmere; lined throughout; full
length; 10-inch embroidered cashmere j
cape $1,25 each j
babies' short dresses: fine quality ]
nainsook, neat embroidery at neck and
sleeves; hemstitched collar and cuffs;
ages 1 to 3 years 50c each
men's underwear
men's flannelette nightrobes, In all
sizes from 14 V> to ISM:", full cut in every
way so as to insure a good fit; these I
are new goods just received, and were
intended to sell for 50c; we think you
would appreciate our putting # the
price 3!) c
men's heavy gray ribbed cotton un-
derwear; a strong garment, well made
and serviceable; bought to be sold at
50c, but they are yours at 37c
GUATEMALANS IN COURT. |
Young Barrios Has a Guardian and
Barillas Made a Citizen.
The application of Mrs. Algeria de
Reyna Barrios, widow of the former
President of Guatemala, who was as
sassinated about two years ago, to
be appointed guardian of the person :
and estate of Joaijuin Keyna Barrios, has
been granted hf Judge Troutt. The young
man in question is an orphan and was
a protege of the late Guatemalan Presi
dent.
Mrs. Barrios stated in court that It was
her intention to place her ward In the
navy, and he will be placed on a United ,
States training ship without delay.
Following close upon the guardianship
matter Judge DaingerfieUl took up the '
application of Jose Isador Barillas, son
of General Barillas, also an ex-President
of Guatemala. The application filed by i
Mr. Barillas to be admitted to citizenship
was indorsed by David Makepeace and
Fred J. Armstrong, both of whom testl- ■
fled to his good character and qualifica
tions necessary for his admission to cit- j
SERVICES THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES.
<*. First Baptist, Eddy street, near Jones— Her.
<i> E. A. Woods, D.D.
<«> ■
% Emmanuel Baptist, Bartlett street— R«v. J.
>i> Emmanuel Baptist, Bartlett street— Rev. J.
<j> George Gibson.
<8>
<«, __________________________
% St. Man' 1 (Paulist), Dupont and California
<j> streets— Rev. Father Wyman.
<$>
,^ . —
■•• St. Ignatius. Van Ness avenue and Hayes
$■ street— Jesuit Fathers.
I _
<»» St. Francis', Montgomery avenue and Val
'♦> lejo street — Rev. Father T. Caraher.
i,
<•> St. Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue and
<$► O'Farrell streets— Rev. Father Prender
-4> gast, V. G.
a . — —
<S> First Christian, Twelfth street, near Mls
<s. elon— Rev. F. 8. Ford.
% Richmond Congregational, corner Seventh
<& avenue and Clement — Rev. Philip
Z> Coombe.
% - :
.*■ Olivet Congregational, Seventeenth and
<b Noe street*— Rev. H. T. Shepard.
-•> _
#, , — _
* Third Congregational, Fifteenth street, near
A Mission — Rev. William Rader.
% First Congregational, corner Post and
■$> Mason streets— Rev: George C. Adams.
J> _ — ■ —
<*> Bethany, corner Bartlett and Twenty-fifth
& streets— W. C. Pond.
<b
Z, __ — —
% Trinity, Bush and Gough streets— Rev. H.
<|> S. Hanson.
«£, — — __________________ ,
X St. Paul's, California street, near Flllmore—
<*> Rev. W. Maxwell Reilly, rector.
% California Street Methodist, corner Calif or
,;> nla and ■ Broderick streets— Rev. Frederlo
tnla and Broderick streets— Rev. Frederio
C. Lee.
% A. M. E. Zlot>, 805 Stockton street— Rev. T.
i» Brown. . ,
* _
<f> Central Methodist Episcopal. Mission street,
■'*• near Sixth— C. .E. Locke.
I
<£ — — ._ —
<s> Howard-street M. E... between Second and
:■ Third streets— John A. B. Wilson.
■$> Simpson Memorial, corner Hayes and Bu
<* chanan streets— Rev. J. Stephens.
♦...". . ... ■--;•■'••' . ]
Hales.
over In Bradford, England, and Plcardy, France, the world's designer* have shown us what the handsome
fabrics for fall are to be. crepons In black and co'ors. In large blisters and flower designs; rough goods in
two-toned effects: stripes and figures of fascinating irregularity.
fall dress goods
Bradford crepons in large effects, dots and small I
designs in the new shades of blues, browns, greens, j
slates and purple, 42in.wide.$12 and $13.50 suit j
(Spangle and braid guimpe are appropriate trimmings.) j
a French importation in rough-surfaced two-tone !
effects in striped and figured designs, in all the
new shadings for fall; 38 inches wide, $4 50 suit;
42 inches wide $7.50 suit |
(For trimmings see spangled and braid guimpes.) i
Temetiau Kuiting;* in plain and fancy mixed color- j
Ings, in the popular fall shades, excellent cloth j
for tailored suits ■■••■■ I
50 in. wide, $1.00 yard; 54 in. wide, $1 .50 yard j
(black velvet ribbons are used for trimming— come all j
widths, from 3-16 to 4% inches.)
black clay •ierjr c * — popular material for tailored j
gowns'; heavy twilled effect; good heavy weight...
50 in. wide, $1.25 and $1.50— 56 in. wide,s2.OO
black broadcloth— the richness of good broadcloth j
makes it ever a popular fabric for fall costumes — j
beautiful satin finish; 50 inches wide I
$1.25, $1.50 and $2 yard 1
plain and fancy braids for trimming above ma- !
terials, \i to 3 inches wide, at 4c to 30c yard j
early silk styles
we bought our silks early, before the raise in price,
and got the first pick of the best that was shown.
swivel «tripe silks— a good, heavy quality— the cor-
rect thing for fancy waists— l 9 inches wide, in car-
dinal purple, cyrano, new blues and marine blues
I. $1.00 yard
fancy pomps* dour stripes In dainty colorings for
evening wear — new pink, cerise, turquoise and
lavender, with black satin stripe effects. .sl.so yd !
(silk applique in colors to match the above for trim- I
mings, J)Sc)
corded Matin stripe — one of the season's popular
novelties, comes In turquoise, lilac, cerise, purple
and marine, with heavy white cord stripes, 20 in.
wide $1.25 yard
(white silk applique far trimming the above, 25c yard.
fancy rlt>l>on «»tripe»* on taffeta ground, in black i
"and white, marine and white, lilac and white and
cardinal and white. 20 inches wide — $1.50 yard ■
(dainty patterns, in black spangled guimpe, make ap- j
propriate trimmings.)
suits and jackets
every day brings a wealth of new goods designed by
artists in the use of handsome fabrics — the new fall I
styles show taste out of keeping with the small prices. I
misses" jackets — blue and gray mixed covert cloth; '
Franklin fly front; mercerized lining throughout; |
high storm collar; tailor-flnish seams; sizes 32 to 40 ;
$5.00 i
misses' jackets, In Oxford grays and tan covert cloth; !
plaid lined; Franklin front; 6-button; sizes 14 to 18 I
$7.50 i
misses' jackets, in tan and blue covert cloth, satin- ;
lined all through; velvet-pipedseams; sizesl4tolB'
$10.00 j
ladies' jackets, tan and blue Melton cloth; 6-button; 1
Franklin front; double-breasted; tailor-stitched I
seams throughout; sizes 32 to 42 $4.00 |
ladies' new-style, extra kersey cloth jackets, silk lined
all through; high, rolling collar and reveres edged I
with opossum fur; sizes 32 to 42 $15.00 j
ladles' brown mixed homespun cheviot suits — a new j
and sensible garment; double-breasted; tight-fit-
ting jacket; satin rhadame lined; skirt habit back;
well made; lined with percaline; velveteen bound
and tailor-stitched; sizes 32 to 42 $12.50
i n g apparel — /*&*/ ftf£h tfh #% JT Jt/fbfTt 4^ ladies shopping,
fashion book free. *^ *'**™* B *^^^^**~'*^ SJ^*^
; + 935-937-939-941-943-945-947 Market Street. + +
izenship. Tills formality through the
court granted the petition and the now
United States citizen returned to his
home, 610 Fillmore street. It is under
stood that he will engage in business in
this city.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Leah May Senslee has sued Edward F.
Henslee for a divorce, alleging cruelty as
cause of complaint. William L. Glrard
asks for a divorce from Ada Girard on
the ground of desertion. Suit for divorce
on the ground of cruelty has been filed
by Adelaide M. King against John H.
King. Suits for divorce on the ground of
failure to provide have been filed by
Mary R Hutchinson against James E.
Hutchinson, Josle E. Whitney against
Fred C.Whitney and Annie Butler against
Joseph F. Butler. Jennie E. Morgan asks
for a divorce from W. S. Morgan on the
ground of intemperance.
• ♦ ■
Yesterday's Insolvent.
E. G. Dunn, Rocklin, Placer County,
$1155; no assets.
Morning— "Through Christ We Know."
Evening — "A Journey to Rome," with pre
lude on "Vacation Experiences."
Morning— "A Plea for the Children," by
Rev. S. W. Beaven. Evening— "Go and
Sin No More."
Morning— Sermon by Rev. Father Held at
11 o'clock mass. Evening— Sermon after
vespers by Rev. Father Dougherty.
Morning— Sermon by Rev. Father Mahoney,
S. J. Evening— Sermon by Rev. Father
Calzla, S. J.
Morning— Children of St. Mary will receive
holy .communion at 7:30 o'clock mass.
Evening— Vesper sermon will be delivered
by Father Caraher. "The Birth and
Birthplace of the Blessed Virgin."
Morning— Mass at 10:30; sermon by one of
the Fathers. Evening— Vespers; sermon.
■'. ; i''.;-'v - - ■ :.=2:-
Morning— "Christian Courtliness." Evening
—"What Is It to Be a Christian?'. 1 .
Morning— by Rev. W. F. Maclaugh
lan of Los Angeles on "The "Stability of
the Church." Evening— by the
pastor on "The Constraining Love."
Morning— "The Silence of Christ," followed
by the Sacrament. Evening— "The Power
of Prayer."
Morning— "Duty and Privilege." Evening—
"The Flood and Noah's Ark."
Morning— "Responding to the Call of God."
Evening— "Balancing Accounts."
Morning— "Joy of Pelf -Sacrifice." Evening
—Third lecture on "Pilgrim's Progress";
"Interpreters' House."
Morning— Sermon by the rector. Evening-
Same. . ■
Morning-— Holy communion at 7:30 a. m. ;
sermon by the rector and holy communion
■ at 11 a. m. Evening— Sermon and special
music. . .
Morning— "Out of the Lion Honey." Even-
Ing— "The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and
Mr. Hyde."
Morning— "Christian Living an ; Indispens
able Means of Upbuilding the Church.
Evening— "Religion Without Morality."
Morning— ""Why I am Not Ashamed of the
Gospel of Christ " Evening— Addresses
by Rev. Dr. J. W. Hamilton of New York
and the pastor.
Morning— "Building Again": special music.
Evening— Installation of Epworth League
officers; sermon appropriate to the occa
sion. ;<-,•;, , .
Morning— "Jesus Sinners Doth Receive."
Evening— "No Separation From the Love
of God/
Hales.
dress trimmings
This is a black season in trimmings — beads and '
j spangles and jet made by deft fingers of artist fami- j
; lies of France and Germany.
jets, spangles, guipure and bow knots come in black
only, in every conceivable style from simplicity to
gorgeousness 15c to $1 each
graduated black silk fringe for skirt drapes— one of
the latest trimmings.. ss. sO, $0.50 and $7.50
black all-over spangle netting for skirt drapes— back
and front and yoke to match— the latest novelty
for an elegant suit drape. .sl7.so and $20.00
black spangle and beaded butterflies— a dainty trim-
ming for appliqueing drapes and yokes
05c to $1.25 each
a large assortment of spangle bands and edgings, in
black 12 l-2c to $0.00 yard
white pearl bead guimpe, in pretty new patterns —
20c and 98c yard
pearl festoons for evening costumes — graceful and j
dainty $1.00 to $«.00
flannels
50 pieces canton flannel, 32 inches wide; very heavy qual-
ity; nicely fleeced; an exceptional purchase, both in
quality and low price; it is good value at 10c, but
we offer it until sold at 6 l-2c yard j
new eiderdown flannel, % yard wide, in fancy stripes; j
makes excellent sacques and wrappers
30c and 37 l-2c yard
new eiderdown, in plain colors, 36 inches wide; ripple ef-
fects, in pink, blue, tan and gTay 45c yard
bed furnishings
the baby hasn't had blankets big enough — there has been
'a demand for larger sizes, so Hale's have had
them made to order — Hale's special size crib
blankets —
30x40. .51.50 42x56. .53.00
36x48.. $2.00 48x60.. $4.00
100 pairs white wool blankets — bought when wool was far
cheaper than now; 72x82 inches; would be low at
$4 50 pair; at Hale's $3.75
100 white crochet bedspreads, 70x82 inches; marseilles pat-
terns; hemmed and ready for use 73c each
600 sheets; double- bed size; 81x90 inches, of good weight; !
round thread; 2-inch hem; a good wearing sheet I
OOc each j
200 dozen pillow cases; fine quality muslin of proper
weight for family use.
45x36 in., lie: 50x36 in., 13c; 54x36 in 15c each
towels and table linen
90 doz. fringed huck towels of fine weave; 17x35 in..
101/j.c; 20x89 in., 15c; 23x47 in 25c each
80 pieces glass toweling, 14 in. wide, 6%c quality, at.. sc
200 doz. new initial Turkish towels, bleached, all plain
white with woven colored initial and fancy col-
ored border 25c each
100 doz. bleached napkins of Union damask, 20x20 in
85c dozen
220 pieces table damask, bleached, all-linen, pure white,
satin finish; imported direct from the manufac-
turer, which means a big saving to you.
62 in. wide 40c yard
62 in. wide, extra quality 50c yard
64 in. wide 05c yard
70 in. wide 75c yard
72 in. wide $1.00 yard
72 in. wide, extra quality.. sl.2o, $1.50, $2.00
PHILADELPHIA MUSEUM.
A Branch Likely to Be Established in
This City.
The Merchants' Association haa now
taken up the matter of establishing a
branch of the Philadelphia Museum in
this city. Six weeks ago The Call pub
lished an outline of the plan suggested,
stating at the time that as soon as the
consideration of the tax levy by that or
ganization was finished it would start
the movement under consideration. A
ehort time before one or two of the mem
bers of the association were In Philadel
phia, and to them Manager Wilson pro
posed that if the Merchants and com
mercial people of this city would take
hold of the project in earnest he would
furnish a large quantity of the surplus
exhibits to the Western branch.
The establishing of a branch in San
Francisco is regarded by the business men
of the community as a matter of no small
importance. It means the creation of a
numberli ss variety of samples of prod
ucts from every country In the world,
Trinity Methodist Episcopal, corner Market,
Sixteenth and Noe streets— Rev. Theodore
11. Woodward.
Grace M. E., corner Twenty-flrst and Capp
streets— Rev. J. N. Beard.
First M. E., Powell street, near Washing
ton—Rev. W. S. Urmy.
Epworth M. E., corner Church and Twen
ty-sixth streets— Rev. W. M. Woodward.
Trinity M. E., corner Fulton street and
Allsion way, Berkeley— Rev. John Coyle,
D.D.
Potrero M. E.. Tennessee street, near
Solano — Rev. S. M. Woodward.
First Presbyterian. Van Ness avenue and
Sacramento street — Rev. Robert Macken
zie.
Memorial Presbyterian, Eighteenth and
Railroad avenues— Rev. H. N. Bevler.
Calvary Presbyterian. Powell and Geary
streets— Rev. John Hemphill.
Franklin Street Presbyterian, corner Frank
lin and Vallejo streets—Rev. David James.
Westminster Presbyterian, corner Page and j
Webster streets— Rev. Eugene H. Avery,
D.D.
Trinity Presbyterian, Twenty-third and
Capp street— Rev. Alexander X. Carson.
First United Presbyterian, corner Golden
Gate avenue and Polk street— Rev. H. H.
Bell.
First Unitarian, southwest corner Geary
and Franklin streets — Rev. Horatio Steb
blns, D.D., minister emeritus.
Second Unitarian, Twentieth and Capp
streets— Rev. A. J. Wells.
Theosophtcal Society, Fraternal Hall, Odd
Fellows' building.
German Evangelical Emmanuel, corner
Twelfth and Stevenson streets— Rev F
W. Fischer.
First English Lutheran, ■ 1319 Geary stre«t—
Rev. E. Nelander.
T. M. C. A., Mason and Ellis streets— H. J.
McCoy, secretary.
First Church of Christ, Scientist, 223
Sutter street, between Kearny street and
Grant avenue— The Bible and Science and
Health, With Key to the Scriptures.
First New Jerusalem (Swedenborgian) 1626
O'Faxrell street— Rev. D. V. Bowen.
Hales.
with prices, conditions of packing, de
mand, supply, etc.. which would furnish
Invaluable information for local business
men and exporters. And further, such
an establishment here would bring to this
city thousands of purchasers from all
parts of the Western Hemisphere. At the
meeting of the directors or the associa
tion Thursday many of the features of
the subject were discussed. At the con
clusion Secretary Freud said:
"Having had considerable correspond
ence with the Philadelphia Commercial
Museum the board decided to refer the
matter of the establishment of a branch
museum in this city to a special commit
tee on trade and finance. This committee
will secure further information and re
port to the board of directors its conclu
sions. It was decided to ask members of
the association intending to visit the
Eastern States to visit personally the
Philadelphia Museum, so as to become
thoroughly acquainted with its general
workings and objects. It is the general
opinion of the directors that the estab
lishment in this city of a branch of the
Philadelphia Museum would be productive
of great benefit to the commercial In
terests of San Francisco."
Morning — Sacrament and sermon by the 4
pastor. Evening— by the pastor. ■ <
'.V' •.* :,.; , >
•:! _ 4
Morning — Communion; address by Rev. H. i
W. Peck. Evening— Special music and In- <
etallation service. <;
— — _ <;
Morning— Sermon by Rev. Mr. Dearborn of <
the Colorado Conference. Evening — Same. <
Morning- — "Not Far From the Kingdom." <
Evening— "Seeing the Invisible." <
Morning— Sermon by the pastor— Evening— <
Same. : <;
4
— __ <i
Morning— "The True Christian." Evening- <■
"A Recognition of Divine Help." <
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening— <
Same. ■ <j
• ■ ■ 4
——————— — —^__ , — ______^_
Morning— "Spiritual Possibilities." Even- <
Ing— "The True Measure of Service." 4
■ — __ <i
Morning— "The Golden Opportunity and the <
Golden Gate." Evening— "What People in <■
Obscure Positions Can Do." <;
Morning— "The Glory of God." Evening— *
"The Tolling Grace." ... <<
Morning— "Fearfully Made." Evening— "A 4
Faithful Saying."
—^-^ — — __ ' A
Morning— Reception and baptism of new «
members and administration of the Lord's i
supper. Evening— "The Important In- 4
quiry." • 4
Morning— "The Onsweep of the Kingdom." <
Evening— "Your Body, Your Brain, Your 4
Business, Your Books." ;. .4
— A
Morning— Rev. .1. T. Sutherland of Oakland 4
will occupy the pulpit. 4
- .-. ■■■ ; ' 4
Morning — Short sermon at 11 o'clock: special <•
music with violin, piano and cello accom- <•
paniment. Evening— No service. <s
. — 4
Evening— Lecture by W. 'J. V» alters on 4
■■ "Jesus and the Christ." - 4
Morning— "Grace and Growth." Evening— <?
"Struggle and Victory." <•
- ... ..',:. 4
— ,«
Morning "Dogmas." Evening— "The Moth- <?
• er of Jesus." <§
Afternoon— Rev. Leonard J. Garver will ' <♦
\ speak on " "Jean Valjean; or a Character <•
t Study in Conscience." . <*
— ; — _ <$
Morning— "Substance." All are welcome. <•
f
'" : ■ «
<g>
Morning— "The Spiritual of Noah, the Flood <$
and the Ark." Evening— service. *
. - -.-:•. , *..-.--■.'.. -.. . - : . . -- - .-. ■ - - - ..' *.>..;
Hales.
ribbons
miles and miles of new ribbons,
bought with the idea of having every-
thing one could wish for in ribbons —
there is every width and every style
and every color that is desirable, and
buying in such large quantities makes
the following prices possible:
10,000 yards new all-silk, heavy qual-
ity satin and gros grain ribbon, in light
and staple colors.
no. 2—% in. wide, 2^c yard or 25c pc
no. 5—% in. wide, 5c yard or sOc pc
no. (—ll4 in. wide, tic yard or «»Oc pc
no. 9— in. wide, 8 l-3c yd or SOc pc
no. 12—1% in. wide, 10c yd, SI.OO pc
no. 16— in wide,l2^e yd, 1.25 pc
no. 22-2*; in. wide, 15c yd. K1.50 pc
no. 40— in. wide, 20c yd, 52.00 pc
4500 yards all-silk, heavy quality,
fancy taffeta ribbon, % to 1% inches
wide, in solid colors, with striped edges,
plaids, cords and embroidery effects
and a large variety of checks and
stripes— one of the best values it has
been our lot to purchase 7%c yard
10,000 yards new all-silk, heavy quality
satin and gros grain ribbon, in light and
staple colors— among the new ribbons
is a lot of new plaid and cord effects
and Persian stripes— 3% inches wide at
.35c yard
fancy stripe taffeta ribbon, with
satin edge — 4*4 inches wide.. 4sc yard
fancy satin taffeta ribbon with four
rows of hemstitching — 4% inches wide
• ••- 50c yard
handkerchiefs
50 dozen ladies' white hemstitched
handkerchiefs — linen — or
.......... ..55c dozen
500 boxes children's colored border
handkerchiefs— in a fancy box
15c box
notions
720 pairs ladies' stockinette dress
shields, sizes 3, 4 and 5, bought in bulk
to save expense in boxing ' and in
freight— is how these 15c values,-
until sold, are 9c pair
hair pins
Hale's good shell pins, In crimp and
straight, 3 inches long, one dozen in a
box 20c box
the "Una" hairpin cabinet, contain-
ing 4 sizes double dip hairpins and an
assortment of toilet pins 5c
fancy silk frilled elastic, in a large
range of colors . 12^c yard
3-inch metal belt clasp, with jeweled
center in gilt and oxidize, until sold .
15e
bits from the bazaar
34-inch fly screen 15c
BO sheets tanglefoot flypaper 35e
B^-inch wood pie plates, per dozen.. sc
6%-inch white enameled mush bowls
100
29-inch gas-lighter and box of tapers
15e
24-inch willow clothes basket 7Oc
12-inch japanned bread boat 7Oc
3 cakes cosmo buttermilk soap 24a
shopping bags, sateen tops, 10x6%. 15c
note tablet, 180 leaves, cream laid.
ruled writing paper 5c
Music at Grace Church.
The usual monthly festival service at
Grace Church will take place this evening
at 7:45 o'clock. An unusually interesting
programme has been prepared. Including
"Infiammatus," from Rossfni's "Stabat
Mater"; a new barytone solo to be sung
by Mr. Henley for the first time, and
other soles by Clarence Wendell and
choruses by the full choir. The offertory
will be an organ solo and has been spe
cially selected for the display of the softer
solo registers of the organ.
St. Francis Church.
The Children of Mary of St. Francis
Church will receive holy communion in a
body this morning at the 7:30 o'clock
mass. The vesper sermon will be
preached by the pastor, Rev. T. Caraher
on "The Birth and Birthplace of the
Blessed Virgin."
I « THE CREDIT HO USE"
\ >j Six Stork* High
*"**- !
' Solid oak Parlor Table.!
Clover-leaf design. Highly!
polished; strongly made.!
A wise house-keeper will;
appreciate it..... $1,25\
) There is lots of entertainment in the ]
1 drapery and napery of a house. We've i
[curtains and covers from the most*
1 famous looms to select from. 'j-; 1 !
\ Comforts for the crib or the guest'
1 chamber. $1 up. J
Handsome Chenille Portieres for $2. <
CARPET DEPARTMENT <
The use and beauty of a room cen- !
ters on the carpet; either may be mar-<
red in selecting. . " 1
We've the room and light to aid In !
selecting. 1 <
Good : Tapestry Brussels, lined, 1
sewed and laid, 45 ( cents a yard. (
3000 yards a day — and humming
merrily at its work — our electric carper
sewing machine. The last yard as well !
sewed as the first. ,
• Free deliver}-, Oakland, Alameda. Berkeley ,
M FRIEDMAN d CO., !
233 to 237 Post St. \
: Open ereniags * . Near Stockton (Text not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not available