VOLUME LXXXVI-NO. 66.
MALES
WILL FIGHT
THE YAQUIS
Eighth Regiment Ordered to i
' Proceed in Pursuit of ;
the Indians.
NINTH wITfOLLOW
MXTII WILL FOLLOW
News Received of the Killing of
American Prospectors, Women
and Children. ,
h to The •
- —^ URANGO, Mexico, Aug. 4.— The
military authorities here were
to-day advised that the Rural-?
_ __y are to have a prominent hand
in the conquering or extermina
tion of the rebellious Yaqui Indians.
The Eighth I: t Rurales, mm
led by Colonel Julio Ibanez, now
stationed at Tepic, has I ed to
ed by wat< : • the mouth of
Yaqui River and up thai stream into
the heart of the Yaoui country. The
ent will be moved as soon as the
Transports arrive at San Bias, -where I
the troops will embark. The Eighth i.s
one of the crack regiments of the
Rurales and every man in it is a nat
ural-born mountain fighter and is used
to r ugh campaigns. It is reported that
the Ninth t I of Rurales. com
manded by Colonel Nestor Meras. now
leretaro, will also be or
the field against the
Yaqu
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 4.— A special to the
Republic from Ei Ta?o. Tex., says: A
dispatch received this evening from
Hermosillo, Mexico., the headquarters
<>f the Mexican army operating against
the Yaquis, sa>>:
The Mexican Government anticipated
the Indian outbreak and had made
heavy shipments of war material into
th<= Siate of Sonora for two months. On
the other hand, the Yaquis had h--'f-n
■.v\ng for .the conflict for two
y» j ars.
The Government will place io,nc\^
men in the field if necessary. Th- re
•us Yaquis now number 4000 well
armed warriors. Sixty Indians werc
killed in the fight last Friday and
twire that number wound"'].
The telegraph wires between Vican
and Pot have been cut by the rebels j
and the troops are without communi
cation with headquarters. Tt is au
thoritatively reported that the Indians
have slaughtered both women and
hildren and that many American
prospectors in the- mountain region
have been killed. |
THAT SOUTH AMERICAN
ALLIANCE IS DOUBTED
The Presidents of Argentina and Uraguay, Who Are Said to Be
Planning to Unite Their States With Chili and Brazil in an
Alliance Against the United States as an Offset to the Im
perialistic Policy of the Latter.
WASHINGTON*. Aug. 4.— There is no anxiety among officials at the State Department over the report that
South American republics may form an alliance against the United States. The rumors are said to be of
English. Italian and Spanish origin and inspired by traders of those countries for the purpose of influ
encing trade. The wish is father to the thought, but the State Department has the best of assurances
«f South American friendship and has no fear of an alliance against this country.
It Is true that f. -r Borne years there has been an unfriendly feeling inChile and Argentine, which is easily
explained and quite natural. President Harrison had to give < "hile a lesson in manners, and Argentine is controlled
by British and Italians, who think they are our rivals. But the feeling in these countries is growing better, and it
has no Influence upon other South American republics. An official of the State Department whose business it is
to keep posted on Smith American affairs and conditions said to-day concerning tho reported alliance:
•You can rely upon it there Is nothing serious in it. It is an old rumor revived* We had it when President
Cleveland Bent the Venezuela message to Congress. "We had it again when the protocol was signed for the suspen
sion of hostilities with Spain, and now we have it because of some fancied supposition that we intend to get hold
of .Fan Domingo. It is the British, Italians, Spanish and Germans in South America who are raising the cry for
commercial purposes. I have read all the South American papers closely and cannot find that such sentiments by
South Americans have really any existence among them. I see President Roca of Argentine intends to visit Brazil
and presumably will solicit Brazil to enter the alliance which he is- projecting. It is inconceivable that Brazil should
give any heed to such a movement. Brazil has always been on terms of greatest friendship with us, and for good
MANCHESTER. Mass., Aug. 4. — Senor Aspiroz. Mexican Embassador to the United States, who is spending
the summer here 'was much interested in the dispatches which reported the departure of President Roca of
the \rgentine Republic with the Minister of Foreign Affairs and thirty Senators from Buenos Ayres for Brazil.
Senor Aspiroz said he had not learned of such a movement. He gave it as his. opinion there could be no founda
tion in fact for the report that an alliance was contemplated between the South American republics against the
United States and to bear him out in his opinion referred to the movement started by Brazil, with a contribution
of $250 000 for' the purpose of establishing a steamer line between that country and the United States, Nicaragua
and "Honduras, he asserted, intended to contract an alliance between themselves, but the Embassador holds that
to be insignificant.
The San Francisco Call.
WILL SOON PROCLAIM
HIMSELF PRESIDENT
Jiminez Says He Is All Ready for the
Invasion of San Domingo,
Expects That After Landing on the Island With
a Party of Weil-Armed Americans the
People Will Flock to His Standard.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by
James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, Aug. 4.— ln an interview
,v Jiminez stated that two of the
men who were connected with the as
sassination of President Heureaux of
San Domingo were confidential agents
of his. They were also in the good
s of Heureaux, who had deputed
them to assassinate Jiminez. They
Informed Jiminez's friends of the plot
and a counterplot was successfully or
ganized by them for the assassination
of Heureaux.
Jiminez displayed a cipher cablegram
which he received from an agent in
San Domingo this morning which reads
a<= follows:
"Revolution commences to-day in
Da.iabon. Send definite answer when
you will arrive. Must be as early as
possible. FRANCO."
Jiminez has replied: "Be there by
last of monjh with party. Delay so
as to avoid bloodshed. Think present
Government will retire before then."
Jiminez declared that he has 30,000
stands of arms in Cuba ready to be
used, and part of the filibusters in the
United States are prepared to sail at
once.
Wh^n asked if he did not think the
T'nited States would stop his expedi
tion, he smiled and said: "Has the
T'nited States enough vessels to guard
the entire coast of Cuba and the Isle
of Pines that can be spared? Never
fear; we will have no trouble in sail
ing, and we will sail soon."
Jiminez is said to be backed by Go
mez and other prominent Cuban army
officers, i. -. plan is to land a party of
Americans on the coast with a Quantity
of arms and ammunition, and then
proclaim himself President. He ex
pects that the people will flock to his
standard.
WARSHIPS TO WATCH
FOR THE FILIBUSTERS
WASHINGTON, Aug. 4. — Affairs
continue quiot in San Domingo, ac
cording to all official advices receiver!
here. A dispatch to the Navy Depart-
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, AUGUST 5, 1899.
I ment announced the arrival of the
New Orleans at San Pomlngo. Her
•< ommanding officer found no change in
; the situation. The New < >neans will
\ remain at San Domingo City, while
j the Machias will make a tour of the
! island, putting in at principal ports.
The policy will be to keep warships
in the waters of San Dom'.ngo and
Hayti for some time to come, though
it is probable that a smaller vessel
than the New Orleans or Machias will
be assigned to this duty.
The authorities place little credence
in the boasts of Jiminez that he is
coming to the United States to fit out
an expedition against the Government
of San Domingo. If he really contem
plated anything of the sort, they as
sume that he would not let the public
know of his intentions..
As a precautionary measure, how
ever, the authorities in Cuba have been
directed to keep watch on his move
ments, and naval vessels in Do
minican waters will be on the lookout
for any filibustering expeditions.
FUNERAL SERVICES IN
MEMORY OF HEUREAUX
PAN DOMINGO, Aug. 4.— Solemn
funeral services in memory of the late
President Heureaux, who was assas
sinated at Moca, July 26, were held in
the Cathedral here to-day. The diplo
matic and consular body was present.
The news from the interior indicates
that tranquility prevails, though
troops have been sent to Moca In pur
suit of the assassins.
Tli^ United States cruiser New Or
leans arrived here to-day' from New
port. K. 1., which port she left July 29.
Hobart to Visit McKinley.
NEW YORK. Auk. 4.— Vice President
Hobart has left Long Branch for Lake
Champlain for a ten days' visit to Presi
dent McKJnley The Vice President arw
peared to be in good health when he lerr.
Bishop Lloyd Dead.
LONDON. Aug. 4.— The Rev. P. L.
Lloyd, formerly Bishop of Bangor. is
dead. He resigned his see recently owing
to ill-health.
GOING TO
KEEP CZAR
ON THRONE
Sensational Theory of M.
Del Casse's Mission to
St. Petersburg.
WANTS tTaBDICATE
It Is Said That Nicholas Has De
cided to Retire on the Occa
sion of His Visit to
Darmstadt.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
r^T. PETERSBURG, Aug. 4.
M. del Casse, French Minis
ter of Foreign Ait airs, ar
rived heir to-day from Paris to re
turn the recent visit of Count Mu
ravieff, Russian Minister of For
eign Affairs. This afternoon he
was received by Count Muravieff,
with whom he will dine to-morrow.
Count Louis dc Mountbclle,
French Flmbassador to Russia, will
return the honor Sunday. M. del
Cassc will remain in St. Peters
burg.
LONDON, Aug. 5.—M. de Blo
witz, the Paris correspondent of the
Times, gives an extraordinary cx
\ planation of M. del Casse's present
mission. He asserts that it was de
cided upon quite suddenly "for a
reason which admitted of no de
lay," and then gives the story,
which says he lias it from "a source
■ to which 1 am bound to attach im
' portancc."
This is the explanation: "Em
peror Nicholas is disappointed and
tired of the thro.ne. The absence of
an heir excites his superstitious
feeling and he connects himself
7K-itli a Russian legend, according to
which an heirless Czar is to be suc
ceeded by a Czar Michael, predes
tined to occupy Constantinople. The
death of the Czarozvich and the
failure of the conference at The
Hague led him to decide to abdicate
on the occasion of his coming visit
to Darmstadt. On this becoming
kno7vn in Paris M. del Casse was
sent in hot haste to dissuade him
from carrying out this intention."
DRYBROUGH, THE
POLO-PLAYER, KILLED
LONDON. Aug. 4.— J. W. Drybrough,
one of the b '. polo players in England,
died this morning as the result of an ac
cident yesterday during a polo tourna
ment at Rugby. He had been playing in
the semi-final game only a few minutes
when he and an American named Mackey
collided. Both ponies fell and rolled over.
Mr. Mackey was unhurt, but Drybrough's
skull was fractured and he expired to
day without having recovered conscious
ness.
Mr. Mackry is a native of Wisconsin.
He was formerly a member of the Chi
cago Board of Trade and has been living
near Leamington for a number of years.
He is well known in hunting and polo
circles.
MOVING THE BODIES
OF BROWN'S FOLLOWERS
SARANAC LAKE. N. V.. Aug. 4.— The
remains of the seven followers of John
Brown, the abolitionist, who were shot
and burled at Harpers Ferry forty years
ago, passed through this village at noon
to-day en route to Lake. Placid. The
bodies were located by Dr. Thomas
Featherstonhaugh of Washington, assist
ed by Captain Hall of Washington and
O. G. Libbey of the Tniversity of Wis
consin. Mr. Libbey has charge of the
remains.
The bodies are to be buried by the side
of the old liberator in the little plat at
North. Elba. Arrangements are being
made for funeral services, and it Is ex
pected that President McKinley and many
other prominent persons will be present.
The time of the services and interment
has not yet been settled upon.
STOLE TEN THOUSAND
IN GOVERNMENT BONDS
WKT.LSBI'RG, . Va., Aug. 4.— Four
maskr-d 1 urglars forced their way into the
Ipnely farmhouse of Dr. Joseph Parkin
son some time uuring the night, and after
blindfolding, binding md gagging the in
mates, who were all women, a careful
search for valuables was made.
The robbers secured Government bonds
valued at $in,500. $75 in money and a quan
tity nf silverware md jewelry. They then
locked the women in an upstairs room
and hastily rtro\ off. There is no clew
to their idenfity.
COLUMBIA WILL SAIL.
Likely to Try Conclusions With
Fast Yachts To-Day.
NEWPORT. R. 1.. Aug. 4.-Whlle the
cup defender Columbia will not race to
morrow with the other throe Herreshoff
single stickers, the Defender, the Vigilant
and the Navahoe, those who will go out
with the idea of witnessing a contest
orobablv will not be much disappointed,
as the Columbia will be in the fleet, al
though not as an actual participant in
the race That is. she will be about the
bay and will quite likely try conclusions
with the other three sloops, but she will
not start in the race. This was defi
nitely decided this afternoon.
Herbert Leeds said the work of step
ping the new mast had. been done very
satisfactorily and good progress has been
made by the riggers. ,
ROOT FAVORS SENDING
OUT A LARGER FORCE
New War Secretary Believes More Troops
Are Needed in the Philippines.
When the Campaign Is Resumed in the Fall Gen
eral Lawton Will Have Charge of the
Active Military Operations.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WEL
LINGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON,
Aug. 4.— Secretary Root's short expe
rience in the War Department has al
ready convinced him that the views of
military commanders, subordinate to
General Otis, who favor a larger mili
tary force than recommended by that
officer, are worthy of serious considera
tion. There are reasons to believe he
will recommend that the force be fur
ther augmented.
Secretary Root and General Corbin
will visit Lake Champlain on August
12 to remain several days, and the
whole Philippine situation will be thor
oughly discussed with the President.
I understand the plan of operations
for the fall campaign contemplates the
division of the islands into several mil
itary departments, and General Law
ton will have command of the one in
which cavalry troops will operate.
It is probable that General Wheeler
will be given" command of a brigade of
cavalry in General Lawton's depart
ment. The boundary line of Lawton's
department will embrace the territory
in which there will probably be the
heaviest fighting, so that Lawton will
be in direct charge of the most impor
tant forces in the field, and in this way
General Otis, while not being officially
"turned down." will be relieved of
much responsibility in connection with
the conduct of the war, and will be
left free to perform the duty of mili
tary Governor. '
Secretary Root is in accord with the
programme for increasing the force in
the Philippines, and with the general
plan outlined by General Otis for the
fall campaign, which has been ap
proved by the President. The Secretary
has seen many communications favor
ing a larger force, however, and if
there is not a decided improvement in
I the situation it is understood he will
advocate the sending of several addi
tional regiments in time for the au
tumn operations.
Secretary Root favors an effective
fighting force of about fifty thousand
in the Philippines. With the provis
ional nrmy of fifteen thousand already
organizing, thirty thousand regulars
already in the island, three volunteer
regiments organizing there, and non
combatants of the Signal and Hospital
Corps, a total of about 50,000 has al
ready been provided for, but the Sec
retary would like to see this number
still further increased by several regi
PLANS FOR RECEPTION
OF DEWEY AT NEW YORK
Imposing Structure in Madison Square, New York, Under Which
Will Pass the Great Land Parade in Honor of the Hero of
Manila Bay. This Triumphal Arch Will Be Erected at
Fifth Avenue and Twenty-fourth Street.
NETV YORK, Aufc. 4. — The Dewey reception commission has received a telegram from Adjutant Henry of
Mississippi, asking if the number of troops from outside States invited to take part in the parade is limited.
Secretary Foster replied that the committee would entertain all the soldiers that came. Requests from pa
triotic societies asking for places in the land parade have been received and accepted.
Admiral Dewey, with President McKinley, Governor Roosevelt, Mayor Van Wyck and the officials and
guests who will take part in the celebration of the admiral's return, will review the land parade in his honor at
Fifth avenue and Twenty-fourth street, where a triumphal arch will be erected for the occasion. Plans for this
arch have been made and accepted, and between twenty and thirty sculptors of the National Sculpture Society
have volunteered to devote their entire time to its completion. Triumphal columns on either side of Fifth avenue
from Twenty-third street to Twenty-fifth will flank the arch and form an imposing approach. The structure fol
lows in general style the famous arch of Titus. The great piers en each side of its central opening will carry
masses of sculptural adornment. Each pier will allegorically symbolize one phase of the war. One will
typify patriotism or the call to arms, another war with vessels and troops in action, the home-coming of the vic
tors will be represented in the third, and the fourth will show the volunteers returning to their peaceful pursuits.
Above these groups and serving as finials for the four columns will be portrait figures of admirals and naval offi
cers famous in American history.
MESSINA, Aug. 4.— An American warship, presumably the Olympia, passed north to-.day.
PARIS, Aug. 5.— A dispatch to the Libre Parole from St. Pierre-et-Miquelon says Governor Dachin Sibour has
been recalled. The reason is not given. The same paper says that the Austrian Government asked Admiral Dewey
to explain the statement said to have been made by him that the next war of the United States would be with
Germany and that the United States would be supported by England. To this request, Libre Parole says, Ad
miral Dewey replied that he would deny nothing. He thereupon advanced the date of his departure from Trieste
ments of regulars. There seems to be
no intention to call for any more vol
unteers.
General Lawton, It is understood, is
anxious for more cavalry troops, and
this request will probably be complied
with.
General Otis is already organizing
one additional regiment to be known as
the Eleventh Cavalry. The Fourth
Cavalry is now in the Philippines and
eight troops of the Third are under
orders to go. The Sixth Cavalry at
Fort Riley will doubtless be among any
additional regiments ordered to rein
force General Otis.
FILIPINO JUNTA
ESTABLISHED IN MANILA
NEW YORK, Aug. 4.— A World
cable from Hongkong says Aguinaldo
has an advisory council right in Ma
nila. Hongkong 1 having been made too
hot for the Filipino junta, through the
efforts of United States Consul General
Wildman, the rebels decided to attempt
to establish their headquarters in Ma
nila. They were encouraged to try this
daring experiment by the fact that un
der a recent decree of Governor Gen
eral Otis the Philippine courts are now
conducted by natives.
So Crisanto Lichancho, the treasurer
of the junta, went boldly to Manila and
professed friendship for General Otis.
The scheme worked so well that the
delighted junta has celebrated its vic
tory with a grand ball.
The British residents are disgusted
at the weakness of the American au
thorities at Manila and at the unhappy
result of Consul General Wildman's
long fight here against the rebels.
OTIS MADE ERROR
IN OFFICIAL CABLE
WASHINGTON, Aug. 4. — General
Otis to-day cabled the following: "Ma
j nila, Aug. 4.— Adjutant General, Wash
l ington: Error in cable yesterday. Min
nesota and South Dakota take trans
port, not Montana. OTIS."
The cable of yesterday caused con
siderable dissatisfaction in Minnesota,
as it had previously been announced
' that the Minnesota Regiment was to
i sail next. Inquiries from the War De
-1 partment developed the error.
PRICE FI\ r E CENTS.
FAILURE OF
RESOLUTION
IN COLOMBIA
Plot of Scheming Radicals
Promptly Discovered by
Government,
Special Cable to The Call and the New Tork
Herald. Copyrighted, 1599, by James Gor
don Bennett.
BOGOTA. Colombia, Aug. 4.—Re
garding the recent attempt to
cause a revolution, it is stated
that the National Government,
owing to the rising in Venezuela,
was able to discover in time the revo
lutionary plan of the Radical party in
Colombia. Consequently, on July 28, m
an official decree was issued in Ana
perma, the actual residence of the
President of the republic, signed by all
members of the Cabinet, declaring that
public order was disturbed in the de
partments of Cundinamarca and San
tander, and proclaiming that section in
a state of siege.
Secretary of Interior Palalios, in ac
cordance with the decision of a coun
cil of Ministers, issued orders on July
31 to imprison Pedro Soler Martinez,
Marco Pinores, Zenon Figueredo, Ra
mon Neira, Roberto Suarez and Gen
erals Rafael Uribe and Jose M. Ruiz,
all prominent members of the Radical
party in the Department of Cuaca. The
Radicals are said to be very much dis
concerted. In Caii were imprisoned
Caledomiro Castillo, Licionaeo Aram
buro, Cesar Cordoba and several
others.
In Palmira and Cartago the Con
servatives and Historical? warmly sup
port the National Government.
STEAMER SATURNUS
CAPTURED
BY FILIPINOS.
LONDON, Aug. $.— Lloyd's
agency at Manila cables that
the insurgents at San Fer
nando have captured and
burned the United States
steamer Saturnus.
CONGRESS OF ECUADOR
STANDS BY THE MINISTER
Special Cable to The Call and the Now York
Herald. Copyrighted, 18M, by James Gor
don Bennett.
GUAYAQUIL. Ecuador, Aug. 4.—Con
gress has passed a vote of approval of the
conduct of the Minister of Foreign Af
fairs in the pending questions with the
Vatican. Minister of Interior Moncayo
has resigned.
The prebends law has passed the first
reading in the House of Deputies. The
clergy of the interior generally condemn
the law and are threatening to close up
the churches. Congress' position i» de
termined and the Government has rteen
offered unconditional support by the local
press and people.2
SANTA ROSA GETS
THE CONVENTION
Baptists to Meet There
Next Year.
END OF A LIVELY CONTEST
TWIN LAKES HAS LO-/G HELD
THE HONOR.
Rev. S. C. Keetch of Uolden Gate
Elected President of the State
Body for the Ensuing
Year.
Spi :la] Dispatch to Tho Call.
SANTA CRUZ.- Aug. 4.— The Baptist j
Stare Convention closed to-day at Twin j
Lakes. Afte,r a hard si.uiu Santa Rosa I
•\va6 chosen as the place of the next
meeting Instead of Twin Lakes, the Bap
tist report wsiere the convention has been j
held for years.
The time was also changed, and the
convention will be held In November.
Resolutions were adopted condemning
tlie lynching in the Southern States, com
mending the Anti-Saloon League and
thanking the San Francisco press.
The olticers elected for the c iming year
were: President, Rev. S. C. Keetch of
Golden Gate; «-, sidents— American
Rivei Association, Rev. S. G. Adams, tiac
ramento; Clear Lake Association, M. J.
Weller; Central Association, Dr, A. A.
Whitni of San Francisco; San JoaQirin
Association, Rev. A. D. Smith; Sacra
mento River Association, Rev. B. F. Far
mer of Anderson; Pacific Association,
Rev. A. B. Banks of Sacramento; South
Central Association, Rev. M. R. Wolfe of
Salinas; corresponding secretary, Robert
Whfttaker of Oakland; recording secre
tary,« Rev. George E. Dye of Willows;
trea«rer, C. F. Baker of Oakland; direct
ors—Rev. A. M. Petty, Dixon; Rev. E. A.
Wood, D.D., San Francisco; Rev. E. R.
Bennett; Oakland; Rev. A. P. Brown,
Fresno; Rev. C. H. Hobart, Oakland;
Captain H. T. Waite, Oakland; Rev. W.
L. Gaston, Santa Rosa; Rev. E. H. Hay- 1
den. Santa Cruz; Rev. C. M. Hill. D.D.,
Oakland; Mrs. L. A. Johnson, Oakland;
Mrs. J. Sunderland, Oakland. :
Rev. A. B. Banks presided at the meet
ing of the Educational - ety. The topic j
for discussion was "Educated and Conse
crated Laymen." There were four ten
minute addresses, two on "Our Need I
of a Larger Number," R. H. E.
Espey of Oakland and 'Rev. A. J.
Huguelet of Morgan Hill speaking on j
the subject, and two on "How to Secure |
Them." bj Professor H. T. Wallai of j
California Baptist College, Oakland, and;
Rev. J. H. Helsley of Ceres.
The session this afternoon was called j
to order at 2:30 o'clock, when a meeting of !
the Historical Society was led by Rev. E. |
B. Hatch of Salinas.
The reports of the board by Rev. C. H. j
Hobart of Oakland and by Treasurer C. !
F. Baker of Oakland were encouraging, j
as was that of the superintendent of cor- i
respondence by Rev. E. R. Bennett of I
Oakland.
Rev. J. Sunderland presided at the i
meeting of the Theological Union and the i
discussion on "Theological Education"
was led by Rev. A. H. Banks of Sacra- I
inento and Rev. C. M. Hill of Oakland, j
The Baptist Young People's Union com
menced its convention at 7:.;0 this evening.
The devoti exercises were conducted
by Rev. W. G. Driver of Healdsburg. D. ■
P. Ward, who was in attendance at the !
International Christian Endeavor Conven- !.
tion at Detroit and that, of the Baptist
Young People's Union at Richmond this !
summer, gave glowing reports from those j
conventions. The delegates present were:
Anderson and Mrs. B. F. Farmer.
Aptos— Rev. E. B. Hatch, Mrs. Dunham. j
Berkeley— Dr. D. J. Pierce.
Ceres— Mrs. J. Helsley, C. N. Whitmore, .
Mrs. C. N. Whitmore.
Cottonwood— Mrs. S. E. Pfifter.
Dlnuba — Mr. iind Mr? A. C. Austin.
Dixon— Kev. A. M. Petty.
Fref-n>— Rev. A. P. Brown, Mr. and Mrs. I
F. J. Hal.er, Mr. and Mrs. F. LowelL :
Golden Gate— Rev. B. C. Keetch. :
Gonzales— G. ,f. Bockenoogen, J. 1). Cochran. '
Healdsburg Hey. and Mrs. W. C. L>r!v»-r,
Miss E. Sparks.
Los Gates— Mrs. J. G. Wltbey, Mr. McCart
ney, J. B. Tupper.
Mountain View— Bey, F. S. Lawrence.
Morgan Hill- Rev. a. J. Huguelet, Mrs. A. !
J. Hugruelet, Mrs. G. McMullen.
Oakland— First Church— Rev. and Mrs. C. I
H. Hobart, J. C. Caldwell, Mrs. E. H. Lake,
Mrs. 1). Hlldebrand. Rev. E. G. Phillips, Mrs.
L. A. Johnson.
Oakland— Tenth Avenue— Rev. C. M. Hiii
D. D. ; T. <;. Brownson, D. D.; Miss L. Ber
ger. R. Pruett. C. Pruett, T. A. Dowey, Key.
F L. Sullivan.
Twenty-third Avenue— and :
Mrs. C. E. Bennett, Miss C. i. Bennett, Miss i
M. K. Bennett, Professor J. T. Wallace, 1«r
T. H Holmes. Rev. W. H. Latourette, C.
Corrlgsin, Rev. Robert Whittaker.
Oakland— Eden— Rev. J. L. Allen.
Oakland— Swedish Miss Lena Hogstrom.
Palo Alto — Rev. F. S. Lawrence, J. Le Roy
tlxon.
Red Blufl Mrs. C. Carroll, Miss Ellen Car- j
roll. Miss Ethel Carroll.
Reno. Xev.-Rev. T. P. Boyd. W. Sanders,
R. A. Curler, Miss Bertha 'urier.
Sacramento — Cabany— Rev. S. Q. Adams, W. '■
R. Strong, Mra Fisher, George Fisher, 1010 j
Fisher.
Sacramento— First— A. B. Banks, D. D. ;
D. C. Kimberly.
Sacramento— Emmanuel — Mrs. A. J. Sturte
vant.
San Francisco— First— Rev. E. A. Woods, D
D.; Mrs. E. F. Joy, Mrs. J. Lewin, Mrs.
Gardner, Mrs. Haslam.
San Francisco Swedish— Charles Pahn, C.
P. Rehmstrom, C. V. Anderson.
San Francis'-o— Third— Kev. J. H. Kelly,
Mrs. Frances Tyrell, T. B. Morton.
San Francisco — Hamilton Square; S. j
Feathei
San Francisco — — Rev. J. George
Gibson. Mrs. m. Magee, Mlsa E. Kennedy.
San Jose— First— Rev. and Mrs. T. RVYoun*.
Rev. and Mrs H. W. Mraytnn, Mrs. H. JE.
Adarr.f. A. Smith. Mrs. S. Wiliiams. Mrs. L
A Newell. Rev. William McCart, Mrs. B. J.
Kerns.
Pa;i Jose — Emmanuel— Rev. F. S. Lawrence.
Santa Rosa Rohert Crom, Mrs. Lou Farmer,
Rev. and Mr.-. W. 1,. Gaston.
Santa Cm*- Rev, E. n Hayden. R. R. Blx
t >, Mrs. I. G. Pray, Mrs. M. A. Hayden, Mrs.
M. Andersan. . -
ptockton— Mr?. A. D. Ralph, Mr«. Abbie
Colt; Mrs. J. W. Willey, May Culluniß, Ethel
Wllley.
Salinas— Rev. M. 11. Wolfe, Mrs. M. E. Ab- •
bot. Mrs. E. Walla.
Santa Clara— W. .7. Burrell, C. W. Haman.
Mrs. O. B. Klmball.
Fowles— Mrs. L. A. Curtis, Pearl Curtis.
Vallejo — Rev. and Mrs. N. L. Freeman. :
■\VatsonviUe--Rev. P. Peterson.
Willows— Rev. George E. Dye, Mr. and Mrs '
F. M Lutts.
Life Members— W. 11. Latourette, Rev. !
J. Sunderland.
relegates at Large-C A. Woody, D. P j
Ward.
Visitors— A. W. Rider, Oakland; Rev. \
and Mrs. B. B. Jacques of Chapel Car, Rev :
c,. W. Traver, Rev. S. W. Beaver, Rev. and
Mr«. C. T. Dougias.
YOUNG MEN'S INSTITUTE.
Santa Cruz Preparing for the Grand
Council's Coming.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 4.— The committee
on arrangements for the entertainment '
of the Fifteenth Grand Council of the ■
Young Men's fnstltute arc- hard at work
completing a programme. The commit- !
toes are as follows:
Chairman— T. W. Kelly.
tars George P. rait.
Ti eaaurer— James Hamiil.
Subscription and Finance— J. M. Walsh T
W. Kelly. J. T. Stanton. J. J. Doran, J. j]
Roney, Enoch Alzina, H. tCtanley, J. Nolan, i
James Talt. C. J. Olllen, J. 11. Leonard.
I'huroh Service- James Bamill, Qeorge Talt i
J. J. Doran, H Kingsley, W. D. Ptanton.
Music— E. Alzina, K. A Cook, H. Kfngsley,
Hamiil, J. J. Doran.
Press— J. J. Doran, J. J. Roney, Henry
Kirie»l r '>'. C. J. Gillen. Knoch Alzina.
Printing— J. J. R"ney, E. A. Cook, James j
Tait, J. J. Doran, 11. Klngsley.
Transportation and Quarters— J. T. .Stanton
j M. Walsh, James Tait, W. D. Stanton, C.
J. (?illen.
Banquet— Q. P. Tait. J. J. Dnran, J. M. |
Waist), J. 11. T^eonard, E. A. Cook.
Ball— E. Alzina, E. A. Cook, J. J. Leonard,
T F. Leonard. F. MrOovorn, C. J. Gillen.
Social— J. H. Leonard, B. A. Cook, G. 8.
Talt J J- Doran, T. F. Leonard.
Baseball— H. Kinpslr-y. James Hamiil, C. J.
Gillen, B. Alzina, J. H. Leonard.
Decoration— J. J- Doran, J. T. Stanton, O.
8. Tait.
Mining and Eight-Hour Lew.
SALT LAKE. Aug. 4.— James T. Ham- |
mond Secretary of State, was before the j
sub-committee of the Industrial Com- ■
mission to-day. His examination was in I
relation to the mining Industry and the
operation of the eight-hour law. j
AUTOMOBILE FACTORY
TO BE BUILT IN NAPA
Capitalists Organizing to Put in a Plant
for the Making of Horseless
Carriages.
NAPA Aug 4.— Napa is to have an automobile factory. E. H. Win
ship and other capitalists are engineering the organization of a corpor
ration for that purpose. They have an assurance already of Siuo.ow
capital and have appointed a committee to investigate and report, in
all probability work on the buildings will be started within a few weeks.
Besides Mr. Winship, It is reported that W. W. Thompson, the <,ond
mans, H. H. Knapp and other well known local capitalists have agreed
to take at least $10,000 each in the enterprise.
one if the promoters was seen by The Call correspondent to-day
and said he thought the factory would be In operation within a year.
"Of course." he added, "we expect to get the power for the factory
from the Clear Lake Electric Power Company, which expects to be dis
tributing the electric current here within a year."
The capacity is to be two vehicles per day.
THUNDER COMES
WITH THE RAIN
Freak Weather in the
Interior.
Special Ptspatch to The Call.
PLACERVILLE. Aug. 4.— The forest
fire that started on Tuesday on the Gov
ernment reservation between Johnsons
Station on the Lake Tahoe road and
Strawberry Valley has been subdued. Im
ports received in this city to-day by tele
phone state that heavy rains are falling
in the mountains east of this city and at
the summit. Light rains have been fall-
Ing In this city since an early hour this
morning, and indications point to a con
tinuation of the rain to-night. TK> rain
will be beneficial to the horticultural in
ta of the county, and with the cool
weather that has prevailed for th< past
week will do much v> prevent a !
ened shortage of water In the canal sys
>f the county.
STOCKTON, Aug. 4.— Special telephone
messages to the Mail this morning from
Lodi, Tracy and Linden indicate that
while the storm of last evening was gen
eral no damage was done. Harvesting
was stopped temporarily on account ol
rain but there was not sufficient pre
. m to do any damage to grain,
tghtning caused the burning of fuses
all aiong the telephone and telegraph
lines, and the telephone win from Stock-
New Hope, Lockeford and Farm- 1
ington was not working this morning.
On a.count of the wheat being too wet
to thrash, a: leasi 200 combined harvest
ers have suspended operations In the east
ern part of the county and will not be
able to resume befon Monday.
A hailstorm remarkable for its duration
and severity passed over Valley bpring
las; night. The weather had been threat
ening all day, and shortly after nightfall
the storm broke In its fury. Violent peals |
of thunder denied to renu th» leaden sky.
and the surrounding hills were lighted by
the continuous i>iay of the lightning.
About 9 o'clock the hail came In sheets,
and many of the stoaes were as larK-: a&
small plums. Every person and animal
unfortunate enough to be out ran for
shelter. The chunks of ice beat a merry
i.i roofs, smashed windows and beat (
down vegetation. Grapes especially Buf
fered, and great damage wa» done to the
olive orchards in the vicinity.
REDWOOD CITY, Aug. 4.— For the last
two or three days the weather here has
been sultry and rain has threatened sev
eral times. Last night the people here
witnessed one of th.- grandest meteoric
displays seen in years. Reports haye
been received from the coast side that
rain fell in certain sections yesterday and
interfered with the harvesting .that is
now going on in that part of the county.
The fogs around Halfmoon Bay have
been so heavy in the mornings for the ;
past week that the farmers cannot get
to work before 10 o'clock at the earliest, i
>iAKVS\II.LE. Aug. 4.— A thundtr and
lightning storm, accompanied by frequent \
showers, began at 10 o'clock last nignt
and continued until ooqn to-day. The.
precipitation reached a quarter of an Inch,
making W. 77 for the season. At Oreen
ville, ibis county, a bolt of lightning
struck the residence of S. VV. ifidgat,
knocking in one end of the house and tem
porarily paralyzing his little son. Th s
rain will not cause any material darhag ■
to dried fruit, grain or growing hops.
N.U'A, Aug. 4.— Early this morning
Napa residents were awakened by con
tinuous peals of thunder and Mashes of
'•igl tning followed by a downpour of |
rain. In'a haif-hour .21 of an inch of rain
fell. This is the first Instance where rain
has fallen in N'upa during the month of
August. Considerable damage was done
to drying fruit and grain in stacks.
MILTON, Aug. 4.— Fifteen hundredth?
of an inch of rain fell here last evening.
The rain was accompanied by heavy
thunder and lightning, and at Intervals
hail fell. In some plans in the vicinity
the rainfall was much heavier than here,
and taken altogether, it was ail exhibi
tion of freak weather seldom seen in Au
gust. No damage is reported.
SUISUN, Auk- 4.— A thunder-storm of
several hours" duration visited this sec
tion last night, some damage by lightning
resulting to telephone wires and switch
boards. The building of the SulsUn Eelec
tric Light Works was Btruck by lightning ;
three Mmes the arrestors on the building- j
saving it from damage. Rain began fall- ;
ing at midnight, the precipitation amount- j
insr to .20 of an inch.
JAMESTOWN, Aug. 4.— The severe rain
and thunder storm last night precipitated
.53 of an inch of water. Lightning caused
general interruption to mining companies
using electric power in this vicinity dur
ing the night. The transformer house at i
the Jumper mine was struck by lightning j
and destroyed; loss, $6000.
"WOODLAND, Aug. 4.— The weather has
been cloudy and threatening all day, and
there may be more showers to-night It
seems very probable that there will be no
more harvesting this week.
SONOMA, Aug. 4.— Rain, accompanied
by thunder and lightning, fell here last j
evening. The precipitation was light and
no damage to crops is reported.
SANTA ROSA. Aug. 4.— This morning
heavy showers fell here, the first rain on
record in August in Sonoma County. No
damage has been done to hay, grain or
fruit.
SANTA CRT'Z. Aug. 4.— Santa Cruz was
visited by a lively shower last night. It
lasted fifteen minutes and laid the dust.
JARRED BY A TEMBLOR.
Central California Feels the Seismic
Disturbance.
SALINAS, Aug. 4.— A sharp shock of
earthquake was felt here at about 12:30
o'clock this afternoon. The shock wan
i preceded by a distinct rumbling and
Fasted four seconds, traveling from east
to west. The weather is extremely sultry
; and another temblor Is expected.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 4.— A slight shock
'o* earthquake was felt here at 12:45
I o'clock to-day.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 4.— There was a dis
tinct shock of earthquake here at 12:43
p. m. to-day. No damage was done.
FIRE DESTROYS HOTEL.
Loss Includes Nearly Two Thousand
Dollars in Currency and Checks.
URIAH, Auk. 4.— The Blue Lakes
Hotel was destroyed by fire this morn-
Ing. It was owned b3 r Carl Meyers and
leaned by John 'Wilson. The loss is ap
proximated at $10,000, including $1900 in
currency and checks. The fire was due
to a defective chimney. There were but
few guests at the hotel.
Death, of James Darcy.
BAN JOSE, Aug. 4.— James Darcy, an
ex-policeman of this city and a veteran
of the Civil War, died at the O'Conner
Sanitarium to-day of consumption. He
was 55 years of age, a native of Ireland
and unmarried.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. AUGUST 5, 1899.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
SHOWS ITS GREED
Seeking- to Monopolize
San Pedro.
Special Dispatch to The- Call.
I. OS ANGELES, Aug. 4.— The citizens of
San Pedro are opposed to granting to the
Southern Pacific any further rights. Par
ticularly does this apply to ferry conces
{ slons. This opposition Is the outgrowth
j of proceedings on the part of the Southern j
I Pacific by which the road obtained posses- |
I sion of lands belonging to the Terminal j
! Island Yacht Club.
At a mass-meeting resolutions condemn
: ing the course of the railroad were adopt
i cd. The resolutions declare the Terminal
j line has been a champion of the people
] in their fight for a free harbor, and that j
j the Southern Pacific Company, their re
j lentless opponent, is Inspired by a selfish
I desire to monopolize the harbor which the i
! Government proposes to construct for the
I benefit of Los Angeles County and South- ;
i crn California.
The resolutions declare that it appears |
' that John A. Muir. superintendent of the s
i Southern Pacific Company, is applying for
: a ferry franchise on San Pedro bay,
■ which is intended not for the benefit of
j the public but entirely to enable the j
I Southern Pacific to injure the Terminal <
! Company. Continuing, the resolutions
\ read:
People nf San Pedro with the p*"'! l of Los
! Angeles realize that In this effort to secure
'. the proposed ferry the Southern Pacific is at
: tempting to use the Board of Supervisors ns an ■
j Instrument: therefore the people of San Pedro I
deprecate and denounce this selfish effort of |
' the Southern Pacific Company, which attempted ;
j to prevent the Government building San Pedro ;
! harboi. We lo most earnestly protest to the
| Board of Supervisors against permitting them
i selves to be UMd, as public officials of the
i county of Lcs Angeles, for the purpose of ac- |
| complishlng the Southern Paciflc'B selfish and
| sinister designs.
CONDITIONS POOR
AT CAPE NOME
Major Ray's Report to
War Department.
Ppecial Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 4.— A report hns
been received at the War Department
from Major Kay. commanding the north
ern military district of Alaska, lie ar
rived at St. Michael on July 8 with his
command in good health. He intends to
send troops to Fort Kgbert, the station on
the boundary line near Yukon, in a few
days.
There were some disturbing reports
from Cape Nome, where it was reported
there were from 1000 to 1500 men, and much
friction regarding locations. He sent Cap
tain Walker and twenty-five men to the
scene.
The conditions there, he said, are very
delicate and must he handled carefully to
avoid collisions. He s;iid there should be
a warning to people intending to to
Cape Nome, it i* ;> place ol xreat desola
tion and utterly destitute of timber, de
pending entirely upon importation fur sup
plies of food, fuel und shelter. To at
tempt to winter there in tents under ex
isting conditions can only lead to disaster.
Jt la of the utmost importance. Bays Ma
jor Ray, to check neople from going to
Cape Nome unit ss well prepared.
TELLER HAS FAITH
IN BRYAN'S CHANCES
Believes the Democratic Orator Will
Defeat McKinley in the
Next Election.
ASTORIA, Or.. Aug. 4.— Vnited States j
Senator Henry M. Teller of Colorado la
visiting In the city. The Senator has been ]
on an extended trip over the Northwest
and came to Astoria to view the harbor,
■with which he is greatly pleased. To The !
Call correspondent Senator Teller spoke j
freely of the political outlook. He ex- !
pressed the firm belief that W. J. Bryan \
would be renomlnaterl by the Democrats,
while William McK4nley would be chosen
as the standard-bearer of the Republicans
in the coming Presidential campaign. He
said the Republicans were seeking to de
feat Mr. Bryan for the nomination but
that he would be the choice of the Demo
cratic convention.
Asked what ho had observed politically
during his Northwestern trip,- Senator
Teller s;iid that there was but little po
litical talk at present, but he found P.ryan
had quite as large a following now as he
had in ISW>. He thinks the issues will be
practically the same as during the lust
campaign, with the exception of the anti
expanslon agitation. Mr. Teller is of the
opinion that Bryan will be elected in 1900.
The Senator is accompanied by Mrs.
Teller. This evening they were taken
about the city and shown the different
points of Interest.
Port Harford's Breakwater.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 4.— Captain A.
Polhamus, contractor on the Government
work on the breakwater at Port Harfurd,
left San Pedro harbor to-day with the
barges and necessary equipment for be
ginning the work at that place. The con
tractors on the Government work at San
Pedro dumped S24lVi tons of ro'-k during
July, against 5561 in June. The Sun Pedro
work is progressing very favorably.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
. , . Friday, Auuust 4.
Stmr Arcata, Reed, 82 hours from Coos Bay,
via Port Orford 75 hours.
Stmr Alcaiar, Gunderson, 50 hours from San
Diego.
Stmr Leelanaw, fitorra, 31 days from Manila,
via Nagasaki 22 days.
Jap Btmr Honekone Maru. Filmer. 28 days
from Hongkong, via Yokohama 17 days and
Honolulu 6 dayß.
MEMORANDUM.
Per Btmr Arcata, Aug 4 — On Aug 2, oft Cape
llendoclno broke crank pin; lay to for 28 hours
and made temporary repairs. Proceeded to
port on half steam.
DOMESTIC PORT.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Aug 4— Schr
Challenger, from San Pedro.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMER."
NEWYORK— AArrIve* Ami* » iffW Utatko,
fa— *--v ■ j
RYAN PLEADS FOR
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Appears Before State
Equalizers.
* *
ALLEGED FALLING OFF IN NET
PROFITS.
Representative of the Railroad De
clares That There Has Been a
Large Decrease in Traffic
Receipts.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 4.-B. Black
Ryan's familiar figure and more familiar
pleadings in behalf of the Southern Pacific
wen- the features of the meeting of the
State Board of Equalization to-day. Ryan
professed an absolute ignorance of some
subjects into which certain members Of
the board sought to inquire, remarking
that if the information was desired the
requests should have been filed with the
proper branches of the corporation.
Ryan said that for the eleven months
ending May 30 last, as compared with the
year ending June 30. IS9B, the gross earn
ings showed a falling off of about $2,000,
--000. In response to a remark by Equalizer
Toland that the Southern Pacific should
have done a great business hauling sol
diers to San Francisco, Ryan said the
company was obliged to haul the soldiers
without charge over the Central Pacific,
in return for the concessions the Govern
ment made to the road.
The value of the California Pacific, road
way, roadbed and rails, was quoted at
$900,000. For the year ending June 30. 1898.
the earnings were $1,360,246; expenses, $714,
--882 63; net, $656.::'::: 68.
The statement of the Central Pacific
showed the following:
Value of roadway, roadbed and rails
within the State to be $8,961,120; value
of rolling stock operated In the State,
$2,769,630.
Earnings — Passengers, $3,430,333 17;
freight, $9,044,664 83; mail and express,
$9(i 112 42; miseellaneoue, $746,469 35.
Total. $14,121,596 77.
Expenses — Operating. $8,333,191 69;
betterments and additions, $162,250 47;
rentals to other roads. "$107,976 04;
taxes, $4'.t2 746 93- miscellaneous, $235,
--086 47. Total. $9,331,251 60.
Net earnings, $4,790,345 17.
other receipts— lnterest and divi
dends etc $89,627 69; rentals, $59.662 96.
Total revenue. $4.939.535 82.
Payments— lnterest, $3449,082 B0; I'ni
ted States sinking fund. $885,817 41; pro
portion of expenses In connection with
the extension of bonds. $310.054 67;
company's sinking fund, $235,000; gen
eral expenses, $137.519 38. Total, $4,727,
--371 96.
Overplus. $212,256 S6.
Earnings in California! $7,766,878 22;
expenses, $5,194,448 32.
According to the statement of the
Northern California road, running from
Marysville to Oroville, the earnings have
been $262,282 9S: expenses, $91154 23; net
earnings. $m,s,i2« 75.
The Northern Railway's Ftatement
showed the earnings to have been $2,355,
--977 94; expenses, $1,592,610 72; total revenue,
$770,567 22.
The statement of the Southern Pacific
Railroad was as follows:
Length of tracks and sidings, 2003.51
mil- s.
!.. iiKth of track without sidings,
1643.64 miles.
New mileage, 4.47 miles; value of
roadbed, roadway and rails, $2,587,750.
Value of rolling stock. $2,537,750.
Earningß — Passenger. $2,981,705;
freight $7,022,709; mail and express,
$375,456:' miscellaneous. $731,647; total,
$11,111,519.
Expenses— Operating, $6,504,134; bet
terments. $384,276; taxes. $349,940; mis
cellaneous interest. $9420; total. $7,324.
--429; net. $3,7K7.i*70.
Receipts— Rentals, $218,133; total net
revenue. $4,005,203: interest, $3,091,575;
United States sinking fund, $150,000;
land expenses $59,155; total interest.
$3,300,731; overplus, $704,472.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Postoffice and Army Changes and
List of Pensions Granted.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 4.— The Postoffice
Department will establish on August 15 a
sub-station at the Presidio, San Fran- i
I Cisco.
The Interior Department has reversed ',
■ its decision in the case ex parte the
Louise Mining Company, involving the j
company's right to. 597 acres of land In I
■ Plumbs land district.
Army orders: By direction of the 3ec
' retary of War Colonel Charles A. Wood
ruff, assistant commissary general of sub- I
sistence, will proceed from New York City j
t<> San Francisco on official business per- :
: taining to the inspection of the subsis- !
j tence depot at that place and the subsls
j ence feature of the transport service on
i the Pacific Coast.
Acting Assistant Surgeon P. S. Kellogg j
! will proceed from Battle Creek, Mich., j
i to San Francisco and report in person to I
| the commanding general of the Depart- '
' ment ot California for assignment to I
i duty.
Corporal Henry Stockfleth. Battery 11,
Third Artillery, now In the general hos- >
pital at the Presidio, San Francisco, Is '
I transferred as private to Rattery O, Third
Artillery, stationed at that post.
The following recruits, general service,
at the Presidio, San Francisco, will be
discharged from the service of the United
States by the commanding officer of their
station: James Brown. Gus Robinson,
Ernest L. Carlson, George T. Campu. Ar
thur H. Church, James Klder, Barney
Flensburg, Joseph F. Gilmore. Harold
(Jerome. Archer I* Hayes. William J. |
! Harnmill, Theodore Johnson, Leonard 11.
■ Johnson. Johann A. Jahnke. Stewart E.
I E. Knauss, George A. Kirkbrlde. Claude
J. Ldebert, Axel L. Larson, William F.
Monnghan, Harry Malchus. James Mll
berrie, Clayton Miller, James W. McCue,
i Thomas P. McGowan, Daniel O'Koefe,
Thom.ts H. Pendergast, George C. Rlsley,
John H. Still, John W. Surber, Alvo Thur
ber, Charles A. Thompson. Harrison M.
Tobias. James H. Ulshafter and Charles
A. Carroll. Recruits: William Lewis,
Fourth Infantry, unasslgned; W;lliam H.
Dahlgren, James Evans, Andro Green
Robert W. Goldswath, Harley Q. Hall,
Thorn-is J. Matthews, John Pinse, Martin
T. Quinn and James E. Webb.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— Henry Hesse, Sol
diers' Home, Los. Angeles, $10; Charles F.
Richard, Arcata, $6; Max B. Baldenburg.
V.illejo, $17: Henry Hagberg, San Fran
cisco, $G: Sylvanus Kemp, Etlwanda, $8;
Charles M. Price, San Francisco, $6; John i
Walker, Naval Hospital, Mare Island, $17. i
Increase— John Umholz, LosGatos,s6 to$8;
William Owens, San Francisco, $6 to $«.
Original Widows, etc.— Delia E. Hapgood,
Troplco, %H; Mary Baird, Santa Rosa, $8;
minor of Henry A. Green, Pomona, $10;
Arabella Caldwell, Pomona, $8.
Wushington: Original— Reinhold Pank
schen. Waterville, $12. '
ANTI-TBUST MOVE.
Tirey L. Ford Indorses the Proposed
Conference.
AUSTIN, Aug. 4.— Attorney General' T.
S. Smith to-day received a letter from
Attorney General Tirey L. Ford of Cali
fornia stating that he heartily commends
the proposed anti-trust conference of Gov
ernors and Attorneys General to be held
in St. Louis September 20. and that h-;
will make an effort to attend the same.
Attorney General D. R. N. Blackburn of
Oregon "writes: "The question is undoubt
edly one of vital importance and merits
calm and judicial consideration. It will
afford me great pleasure to be present if
possible." i
Sues to Recover on Notes.
SAN JOSK, Aug. 4.— The First National
Bank of this city to-day began a suit
against E. A. and J. O. Hayes to collect
$61,675 on three promissory notes made in
August, 1897, "and secured by stock In a
Wisconsin iron mine. The same bank also
sued M. H. Chynoweth and the two
Hayeses for $4917 due on another note.
This was dated June 13. 1899. An attach
ment was issued against $75,000 insurance
Aue on the^ burning of Hayes-Chyno-
FORTY BIG SEA LIONS
LASSOED BY VAQUEROS
Captain Mullett and His Men Catch a
Herd for European Museums.
SANTA BARBARA, Aug. 4.— Captain J. R. Mullett arrived yesterday
from Santa Cruz Island with forty live sea lions. This is the biggest sin
gle catch ever made at the Santa Barbara Islands. These lions will be
shipped to-morrow to New York, from which point they will be sent to
Antwerp, Belgium, where at the world-famed Zoo Gardens they will re
ceive the training to fit them for public appearance at parks and exposi
tions. Captain Mullett sends them abroad under contract whereby he re
ceives $150 each for them.
The lions are lassoed on the rocks with an ordinary rope, and with
much difficulty are landed and crated ready for shipment. The men hired
to catch the seals are expert vaqueros.
BREWERY LANDED
IN DAWSON CITY
Owner May Have Toiled
in Vain.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Aug. 4.— J. H. Johnson, a
well-known shipping man and an erst
while brewer, is just out from Dawson,
where he is endeavoring to establish a
I steam lager brewery. He has landed ma
! chinery there after a lot of hard work
! and dilly-dallying with the Canadian offi
: cials. He was stopped by the police sev
eral times going in. and does not yet know
whether he will be allowed to brew any
beer, although he is ready to turn out
50,000 bottles.
Johnson went in with his machinery last
April and got it as far as Bennett before
i the Issuance of the late prohibition
i against the importation of malt or spirit
! uous liquors at Dawson. He was stopped
time and again and notified that the ma
chinery could not go in. Johnson as re
peatedly urged that the laws to prohibit
importation do not affect goods on the
ground; and as his machinery and mate
j rial? to manufacture 50,000 bottles were
i within the territory when thtt order was
Issued it did not affect his outfit, as he
: only wanted to move it from one place in
i the Northwest Territory to another place
i in the same jurisdiction.
He gained his point to the extent
that he not the machinery, materials
and a brewery into Dawson. He ex
pects to have the brewery ready for
operation in three weeks, but whether
the authorities will allow him to start
the plant is as yet undetermined.
Though b«>er is now down to 50 Cents a
j bottle Johnson will make a tidy fortune
if he is permitted to quench the thii.-t of
I Klondike miners with his home-made
■ product.
HAWAII NEEDS
A GOVERNMENT
Liliuokalani Deplores
Present Conditions.
I S;.or!al Disp&tefa to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 4.— The Post
to-morrow will print an interview with
Liliuokalani, ex-Queen of the Hawaiian
Islands, who is icsiding here. The
former (Jueen receives many letters
' from home and says what the people
i need there is some head to the Govern
ment. She adds:
"Reports to the contrary notwith
standing, the islands are in a state of
practical anarchy. We— l say we, be
cause I count myself one of my peo
ple — have no laws but those which ob
tained for many years and a few which
I have been foisted upon us by the Ha
waiian republic.
"There is no such thins as real jus
tice. The native has not the same
standing when he goes to law with the
white man and even some of the for
i eigners find that they cannot obtain
i their dues. Laws are administered in
! a careless fashion. The Government is
an oligarchy instead of a republic. Ca
price dictates the administration of
affairs. I speak with no bitterness
i whatever. I am merely endeavoring to
I give a correct picture of the conditions.
The inhabitants of the islands know
i nothing whatever of their fate, or what
1 sort of government will be placed over
them."
Liliuokalani expresses every confi
\ dence in the honorable intentions of
! America and hopes when a decision is
' made as to a form of government for
, the islands that the officials will be ap-
I pointed from this country.
■
HANNA LOOKS FOR
GOLD LEGISLATION
The Silver Majority in the Senate, He
Says, Has Delayed the
Work.
INDIANAPOLIS, Aug. 4.— 11. H. Hanna,
chairman of the executive committee of
the monetary convention, has returned
from a sojourn in the East, a part of
which was spent in consultation with
members of the Senate Finance Commit
tee at Narragansett Pier. Mr. Hanna ix
pressed himself as entirely satisfied with
the prospects for financial legislation at
the next session.
"The bill agreed upon, said he, hy the
caucus committee of the House at Atlan
tic City is wisely conservative and I am
sufficiently familiar with the general prin
ciples upon which the Senate committee
Is working to express great satisfaction
over the outlook for very important gold
standard legislation during the next ses
sion of Congress. I have excellent ground
to believe that the majority in both
houses will agree in shaping and enacting
a law consistent in a broad and cour
ageous way with the pledge offered to ihe
people in the money plank in the St. Louis
platform. Those who advocated and
worked for sound money then have neen
compelled by the existing conditions in
Congress with the silver majority in the
Senate to wait long for the fruition of
their labors, but I am sure they will be
greatly pleased with what we all believe
to be the first and most important step
In the revision of our money laws.
"Those who believe in the good faith of
the St. Louis declaration will not be dis
appointed. I am confident that we shall
have a law establishing the gold stand
ard with such Hiipplementary legislation
as is necessary to maintain the parity of
all our forms of money."
PAUL VANDER VISS
IS NOW BANKRUPT
Has Spent Over Eighteen Million
Dollars Since Attaining His
Majority.
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 4.— M. Paul
Van der Viss, the younger son of the mill
ionaire whose Villa Valrose in Nice is
well known, has just become bankrupt.
On his majority he succeeded to the enor
j mous sum of 37,000,000 rubles ($18,500,000).
Justice for Harlan.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 4.— Charles Har
lan, who was recently found guilty of
an assault on a young girl named Reta
Martin, was this afternoon sentenced to
forty years' Imprisonment In the peni-
IMMH
ARMY OFFICERS
LIVE MODESTLY
Statement of Americans
in Cuba.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HAVANA, Aug. 4. — Considerable com
ment was caused here this afternoon by
the publication of a dispatch from the
United States embodying the charge made
by a New York newspaper that Governor
General Brooke, Brigadier General Lud
low, military governor of Havana; Col
lector Tasker Bliss and Major Davis, san
itary officer at Havana, have been receiv
ing extra allowances out of the Cuban
revenues to maintain themselves in lux
ury. The fee-ling among Americans in
Havana is that this charge is based upon
a serious misapprehension of the facts of
the case.
The suggestion of luxurious living per
plexed the Cubans, who are in a position
to contrast tht- democratic way in which
the men nolding the high ranks of Gen
erals Brooke and Ludlow conduct their
establishments with the prodigal habits
of the old Spanish regime.
As to the charge that General Brooke
has expended money in repairing the
palace, the Americans reply that this oid
and historic structure had either to be
repaired and remodeled or to be palled
down and consequently about JIiiO.OOO has j
been expended on it. But, it is pointed j
out, Instead of being us heretofore the pri
vate residence of the Governor General,
the palace is now a veritable network of i
public offices, including one large wing |
devoted to the Mayor and municipal of
ficials. General Brooke's private offices
are unequal to what would be allowed |
him at any station in tin- United States, j
Aside from the general reception room, j
his apartments art- only nmrlestly fur- j
nished. As to the Governor General's car- !
riitK' 1 and horses, the fact is that the •
necessary expenditure in this directtion j
does not come out of the insular funds, ;
but Is met by the United States. General j
Brooke's coachman is paid in the same
way. As to the members of his staff, it
is hardly to be expected that an official
of General Brookes military and admin- j
lstrative status would pay his own trans
portation expenses.
The same answer to the charge can be
made in the case of General Ludlow, who
has only a few rooms and is liberally sur
rounded with officers. lie has very tew
servants. Not many men of equal rank
and means in . the United States would
be content with what satisfies General
Ludlow.
Brigadier Genera! Lee lives in a house
which he rents, and Generals Wilson and j
Wood, the military governors of the de- ;
partments of Matanzas-Santa Clara and
Santiago, live most democratically.
As for Colonel Bliss and Major Davis, I
army officers of their rank who hold high j
administrative offices, the opinion is gen
t-rally expressed that it is only fair to
make them a reasonable allowance to
cover what is necessary.
MANIAC THREATENS TO
MURDER AN OFFICER
Outwitted and Relieved of the Pistol
With Which He Sought to
Take Life.
STOCKTON, Aug. 4.— Deputy Sheriff
Smith faced death at the hands of a
maniac this morning. A telephone mes
sage took him and Constable Grant to
the Mullen place on Sharps lane, four
miles south of Stockton. Mrs. Mullen
and her child had been driven from their
i home by a demented man armed with a
! pistol, and were crouching in the weeds
by the road, afraid to come from under
cover. When the officers arrived the
crazy man was seated on :i pile "f sacks,
and as Smith went around the house he
ran into a pistol muzzle The fellow
aimed straight at his body and dartd tne
officer to arr< st him.
Smith was unarmed and started in to
parley with the man. telling him he had
come t" levy an attachment. He knocked
at the dour and pretended to get an
answer from inside, not molesting the
maYiiac. who had him covered all the
time. The maniac was finally outwitted
and lowered his weapon. Grant seized
the revolver and the fellow was put into
the carriage and brought to Stockton.
At the courthouse he made a desper
ate fight, and it required three men to
hold him. He gave th* name of Jim
Budd. The man is about 3u years old.
He lived at Miller's San Joaquin House
here.
TBANSFER OF A DAILY.
Charles M. Shortridge Gets Control
of the San Jose Herald.
SAN JOSE, Augr. 4.— The sale of the
Evening Herald to Senator Charles M.
Shortridge will be consummated! In a few
days. The purchase price is $30,000. Ttie
politics of the paper will be changed from
Democratic to Republican, and this will
leave the local Democracy without in or
fan. H. H. Main, who has conducted the
lerald for many years, will retire and de
vote his time to fruit raising.
Articles were filed in the County Clerk's j
, office to-day incorporating the San Jose j
Publishing Company, to publish the daily
and weekly Herald. The capital stock is
placed at $75,(KX». of which £21.800 Is sub
scribed. The par value of the shares is
$100. The incorporators and the amounts
subscribed are: Charles M. Shortridge,
{ 0: John E. Richards, $1000; \Y. p.
Fo'ss $200; J. R. Curnow, $200; John T.
"Wallace, $200.
Hanover Not in Prison.
COVELO, Auk. 4.— Frank Hanover, ac
cused of bribery in the Littlefield case, is
not, as was reported in previous dis
patches, in prison, nor is he unable to jrive
bonds. In justice to Hanover it should be
said that the confidence of the officer;*
here wag surh that he was not imprisoned,
he having simply declined to file a bond.
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
1M Seventh street, corner Mission. Salt
water direct from the ocean.
* 'A Gentle Wind
of Western Birth"
Tells no sweeter story to humanity than
the announcement that the health-giver
and health-bringer, Hood's Sarsaparilla,
tells of the birth of an era of good health.
It is the one reliable specific for the cure
of all blood, stomach and liver troubles.
MISCELLANEOUS.
WONDERFUL
CURE OF HON.
WM. MITCHELL
Suffered for Twenty Years
With Catarrh, Stomach,
Sore Eyes and Lung
Troubles.
Was Instantly Relieved by Dr.
Aborn, the Spxiaiist, at
554 Suiter Street.
WELL KNOWN JUDGE OF OREGON
He Testifies in Strong Language to
ths Lffichncy o His Treatment
by Dr. Aborn.
Dr. Aborn'f< excellent work as a special-
ist in tin- treatment of obstinate and
chronic diseases of the stomach, lungs,
eye and ear, and all catarrhal and bron-
chial affections is evidenced by the ac-
companying testimonial by Hon. William
Mil. hell, County Judge of Morrow Coun-
ty Oregon, and residing at Heppner. in
the county named. Dr. Aborn is the spe-
cialist in diseases of the eye, ear, throat
and lungs:
THIS IS TO CERTIFY
That for twenty years I was afflicted
with catarrh of the head,, and also
was suffering from granulated sore
eyes; my throat and bronchial tubes
and lungs were also affected, caus-
ing affection of the stomach, which re-
sulted in indigestion and sour stomach,
caused by the catarrhal secretions drop-
ping down from my head into the throat
and passing into the stomach. In fact.
I was afflicted from the crown of my head
down. 1 had tried almost all catarrhm
remedies without being cured, and as the
disease was so SERIOUSLY AFFECT-
ING my THROAT, STOMACH and
LUNGS, I BECAME ALARMED, for I
knew the disease would soon TERM IN -
| ATE IN CONFIRMED CONSUMPTION.
i I had the measles thirty odd years ago,
I and my eyes have been affected since that
time. My ears also became affected,
caused by the catarrh, so that I was quite
: hard of hearing. It will be seen by the
statement of my case that my ailments
were quite complicated, and I have had
as many complications of ailments as any
j one man could well endure. In this pain-
ful and distressing condition I placed my-
self under the treatment of Dr. Aborn,
■ and I am most happy to state that Dr.
I Aborn has displayed a masterly hand over
mv complication of diseases, and GAVK
j ME INSTANTANEOUS RELIEF.
My catarrhal affection, throat and
I stomach, and my eyes have also improved
! as by magic under his treatment in five
• days' time. He has also improved my
hearing. I now return to my home at
Heppner, Morrow County, Oregon, where
; I am County Judge. I am a pioneer set-
i tier of Umatilla and Morrow counties.
1 having located in Umatilla County in 1 V 59
: and I am well known throughout Eastern
Oregon. From the speedy relief I have
received from the skillful and scientific
treatment at the hands of Dr. Aborn I
can cheerfully and conscientiously recom-
; mend all similarly afflicted to apply to
Dr Aborn with the utmost confidence
that he understands the SUCCESSFUL
TREATMENT OF THESE OBSTINATE
ANH CHRONIC COMPLAINTS. Very
truly, WM. MITCHELL,
County Judge. Morrow County, Oregon.
Residence, Heppner, Oregon.
Thirty years of Dr. Aborn's successful
practice have been devoted to the treat-
ment of diseases of the eye, ear, catarrh
of the head, asthma and all affections of
tli.- lungs, heart, liver, kidneys and diges-
tive organs. Sufferers from these com-
plaints would do well to call upon him
for free consultation. Dr. Aborn's office
hours are from 9:30 a. m. to-,12 m. and 2
t,. 4 p. m. His treatment revitalizes the
1 system and builds up the impaired con-
! stltutlon.
Itt . o^.. Dr. R. L. Walsh,
/TSSgrfig&t^}^ Sls«i GEARY ST.. bet.
JraatftL' iwraiiinir^Ti Hyde and Lark
i^ Painless Extraction..
UT tr « rf.f jT Crowns K£.Ot)
Flesh-colored Plates..
Continuous Gum Plates (no bad joints) our
specialty. Have received TEN llrst prizes for
this branch of dentistry. No students. li
years' experience.
4 v -s-> DR JORDAN'S great i
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
9 -QD 1051KA8EITST.b«t.6:h*7th. S.F.GtI. i
: \ Cy^ The Largest Anatomical Museum in Ac \
B «^b»^ Wo/id. Weaknesses or any comractsd M
J. V&£ S&Q dise.-ise pcilll«rijcyri-clhy the oldest T
© |Sg| ipeciaiiiiruiheCoaM. Est. 36 year 9
4 jjgj^fl DR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
\ P^Ss^Sl Consultation frre and strictly private \
B I XSWfI T " " mtlll personally or by Ic-tterr. AM
\HW 11 H ( 0.-«ult»tie>n frre and stri private V
Sit Jl lift Write for IlioV . PHI 1 .0 s O l-II V r i
f' 1 I 1" H*ni«nCE, MAILED FKES. {.if
A (j £f, valuable book for mm) \
7 OR. J»Rl)A.\d;('» 100 l MarkPtSt F. *
s^^^vu ELECTRIC BELTS.
I 'rices from $3 00 tv
Wf^/'VWH (n^i J25. Largest mtnu-
, m&iLIX [ * / / x f^| facturers In the t'nl-
: '^aJtfn3 : !vE?^i^lr isT^r ted States. NoQuacK*
connected with ihts
ViW^fivksS*?" I " *^%fV*' establishment. >••
' 'A^ - jc> For parttcdlan
]^*_£— -■ call or send 2a In
/jT< ' • . ■ stamps for "Booklet
1■? . ' • .• , No. 2." j Address
PIERCE ELECTRIQ CO., 620 Market St.
' Opposite Palace Hotel. S. F.
/J?*^ LADIES DO YOO KROf
%■ DR; FELIX BRUN'S
*yif *} Steel | Pennyroyal Treatment
| \is the original and only FRENCH,
J q safe and reliable cure on the mar' -
y *">rket= 4 Price, $1.00; sent by It&ii
r \ Genuine sold only by
OEO. DAHLUENDER & CO.. Sole Agents.
214 Kearny 3t.. ban Francisco.
J&KJr tXK Eb^M Gleet. Spermatorrhoeat
JgßEr in 1 woJaTj.^a Whites, nunatural iia-
Onm Oc»ranued g charges, or any inflnmma-
ffaCY not to atrietnrj. tion, irritation or ulcer*-
I" <Pr»e»u ooangloa. tlon of mucous njem
trT*VHEEVAN3 CHEMIOtno. brane Non-astringent.
*gSkciNCIN»ATI.O Rfl Sold b UrotTfCistv
mn. 0. ". x. T Bent ' n Plain wr.ipper.
-* ■ Circular Mat o* n«c«A
O$P& 111 ■ ■ ar Morphine Habits
m B I HJB cured at home. Write
■ S SJI a : J fill for fu " particulars
1 \r I II lifl INDIAN 0 OpluM CORE,
r3 "' It J 111 OP.UM CURS.
W ■ ■ ■■ ■ ■ B. D. KIMMIS, 201 Turk
St.. San Fnseiieo.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and reno ated. KING, WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms. 60c to tl 50 day;
»5 to *8 week; $S to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room ; fire grates ia every
room; elevator runs all night.
ffL ?PATENTSf fl
MARKET "ST. 5.F. **$a£r
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THE
great Mexican remedy; give* health and
strength to sexual organ*. Depot. U3 MgrlutlTOWNS SWEPT OFF
THE MAP BY THE
FLORIDA CYCLONE
Property Worth More Than a
Million Destroyed and Sev=
eral Lives Lost.
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
RIVER JUNCTION, Fla., Aug. 4.—
The most disastrous cyclone that ever
visited this .section of Florida com- j
pletely annihilated Carrabelle, Mcln
tyre and Lanark Inn, south of here,
yesterday.
At Carrabelle only nine houses re- I
main of a once beautiful and prosperous
town. Communication from the Mayor
Btates that 200 families are without
homes or shelter and many are com- ■
pletely destitute. Of Mclntyre only two
mill boilers mark the place of the town. :
Lanark Inn. famous summer resort, '
was blown into the gulf. The Carra
belle, Tallahassee and Georgia Rail
road is washed away for a distance of |
thirty miles. A passenger train was
blown from the track more than 100
yards. Many passengers were injured,
but their names are unobtainable. Mary
■U'illiams (colored) was killed at Car
rabelle. Numerous others had arms
and legs broken. Daniel Nell of Apa
laehicoia had his back broken and is
not expected to recover.
No fatalities are reported from Mc
lntyre or Lanark.
JEALOUSY SPEEDS
AVENGING LEAD
Murder in a Tuolumne
Town.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, Aug. 4.— William Mitch
ell shot and killed John Sheehan at
eland, a small town on the Yo-
Valley road in Tuolumne Coun
ty, this morning at about 10 o'clock.
The cause of the tragedy is said to
have been the attentions Sheehan had
■ paying to Mitchell's wife. Though
Mitchell protested, friends claim they
been expecting a tragedy for
some weeks.
The men met in front of the Grove
land postoffice and Mitchell immediate
ly opened fire. Four shots were fired
by him, and all of them took effect.
•r of them, it is said, would have
produced fatal results, as Mitchell is
such a good shot that he placed them
in vital spots. Sheehan did not return !
the fire but sank to the ground and
expired ab-ut twenty-five minutes aft-;
erward, when he was removed to a
house near by.
The murderer escaped during the
confusion and obtained quite a lead
before the authorities started after
him He was a Deputy Sheriff and
Constable and is familiar with the
mountain country and will not be eas
ily arrested He is a middle-aged man,
with a young and pretty wife. Shee- j
han was single and had been residing
Groveland for some time past.
Mrs. Mitchell is visiting friends at Liv
ingston.
RECEPTION FOR McKINNON.
Buisun A-waits the Coming of the
Californians' Chaplain.
SUTSUN Aug. 4.— The women of the
Bed Cross Society held a special
meeting to-day and decided to give Rev.
father W. D. McKinnon a reception up
on his return from Manila with the First
California Regiment. When Father Mc-
Kinnon left Suisun a year ago last Bpring
people cam.- from miles around and his
rture was marked by an impressive
nstration. AH the business houses
in town were closed and an Immense
crowd gathered at the depot to bid him
godspeed on his brave mission. His
gome coming will be made a public event
and the Suisun people will show their ap
-ion of the bravery and patriotism
of their f.]!>w townsman by an c aborate
reception in Native Sons Hall. The
members of the local Red Cross Society
have ample funds at their disposal to
successfully carry out their plans.
Jeffords Gets a Match.
PORTLAND, Or., Aug. 4.— Jim Jeffords
of San Francisco and Nick Burley of this
cltv have been matched to box '.wenty
rounds at the Olympic Club in this city
on August 25. __^^^___^_____
tO%. r ....r
$jj£ DO TUU
IT 3" 1 R
*» »fil F^N 1 1 1/ r
Tired languid, careworn, nervous, weary—
Fuch is the feeling of those who are on the
verge of Nervous Prostration. Such a feel-
Ing Indicates Nerve Weakness or Nervous Ei-
haustion. Loss of appetite, sleeplessness,, dlz-
,v snellH— theße are other indications of im-
pending danger. HUDYAN will save you;
HUDYAN will restore you to perfect neaitn.
Have you heartaches (Fig. 1). hollow eyes. or
dark circles undei eyes (Fig. 2). a pale or
emaciated rac« (Fl« 3), coatea tongue (Fig.
4> palpitation of heart (Fig. 5), Impaired- dl-
ction (Fig. 6) ? If so. lake HUDYAN. by
all means. .-■- ."'li #
HUDYAN will restore to you the glow or
health HUDYAN will relieve any and all
of the' above symptoms. HUDYAN will make
you strong. Activity, energy.
-f — . -•♦• cheerfulness, it good
I MEN AND digestion — all these
I WOMEN belong to you, if your
AnVISFO nerves are strong.
1 A PHFF HUDYAN will give
I Cal. F o R r E wVlte. >0U theS<> - for HUD-
-1 Call or Write. VAX strengthens the
"♦" ~~ nerves and nerve-
centers. HUDYAN «rill create rosy cheeks
ajid bright eyes. HUDYAN Is for men and
women. It is agreeable to take, agreeable
in Its effect. HUDYAN possesses peculiar cur-
ative properties that belong to no other rem-
efly.
HUDYAN is for Bale by druggists, 60c a
package or six packages for $2 60.
If your druggist does not keep HUDYAN,
send direct to the.-/ r
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
Cor. Stockton, Ellis and Market Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
You May Consult the Hudyan Doc-
tors About Your Case Pree of Charge.
Call or Write. is |
Fifteen ships lying at anchor in Dog
Island Cove and upper anchorage are
i now all high and dry at St. Georges
i and Dog Island. Twelve were loaded
| with lumber and ready for sea. Noth
. ing remains of them but a mass of
wreckage. When the Italian bark
i Cortesia struck, she split in two from
' stem to stern. Among the other yes-
Bela wrecked were the Norwegian
bafks Ranavalo, Vale, Jaffner, Hindoo
and Elizabeth, the Russian bark La
tarm and three pilot boats and the
i steamers Oila and Capitola. Fotry
' boats of under twenty tons were lost.
Nothing of the entire fleet can be
saved.
Five unidentified bodies were recov
i ered to-day, supposed to be sailors.
Tugboats have gone from here to the
scene of the wreckage and all possible
aid is being given.
Fifty destitute sailors were brought
here to-day and .ire being cared for.
A mass-meeting of citizens is being
held h-^re to-night and all possible aid
will be given the Carrabelle destitute.;
million dollars will not cover the
The insurance was small.
NO NEW CASES
OF YELLOW FEVER
One Death Yesterday at
Hampton.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 4.— Official re
j ports to the Marine Hospital Service
■ from the Soldiers' Home at Hampton
show that the yellow fever situation
there continues favorable. Surgeon
White reports to Dr. Wyman that there
in nothing suspicious in the town of
\ Hampiun.
There were no new cases and only
i one death at the home to-day, accord
! ing to a report Dr. Vickery, the surgeon
at the institution, st-nt to the Surgeon
General to-night. Dr. Vickery ex
pressed the opinion that the immune
help on their way there should be suf
ficient, as the epidemic seems to be
checked. The cordon around the home !
and the immediate adjoining village of;
Phoebus. Surgeon White says, is as
tight as he ever saw it at any place.
The Postoffice Department reports
that the mails are non being dis
patched into the quarantined points on
the Virginia peninsula twice daily, and
that mail fr- m there is being thor
oughly fumigated.
.\i;\VPORT NEWS, Aug. 4.— No new j
cas»-s and two deaths is the situation j
at the Soldiers' Home to-day. Governor
Woodfin claims that one of the deaths
was due to consumption and not to yel
low fever.
SEATTLE, Aug. 4.— William Thomas
of Columbia City, Wash., who, it was
stated in yesterday's dispatches was
thought by Marine Hospital officials at
Hampton to have introduced yellow
fever in the Soldiers' Home there, said
to-day that there was no foundation
for the statement.
He was an inmate of the home for a
while, as represented, but was not sick
while there, neither has he had any
symptoms of yellow or other kind of
fever since returning from Santiago.
He further said that the transport «>n
which he returned had no fever cases
aboard. Mr. Thomas served as a
packer at Santiago.
SERIOUS RIOT AT
FORT MTHERSON
Eight Injured in a Fracas Between
Volunteers and Regu
lars.
CHICAGO, Aup. 4.— A special to the
Tribune from Atlanta, Ga.. says: A riot
between the regular and volunteer forces
stationed at Port McPherson yesterday
afternoon resulted in the wounding of
eight soldiers.
The recruits of the Twenty-ninth Vol
unteers had just received their pay and
coming Into town spent most of it for
liquor. On returning to the fort some of
the volunteers became engaged in a con
troversy with the regulars and they began
to flgrht with bayonets and revolvers. So
lif-rco was the fracas that the services of
a company of regulars with fixed bayo
nets were required before order could be
restored. As a result of the riot eight
men occupy bunks at the post hospital to
day and it is feared some will die. The
officers refuse to divulge names or par
ticulars.
WILL BE GIVEN TIME
TO SCAN THE DOSSIER
RENNES, Aug. 4.— Owing to the active
newspaper campaign against holding the
Dreyfus court-martial in the lnstnitary
"Salle de la Manutention," the authorities
have decided to hold the trial in the<
L,ycee, where a magnicent hall is avail
able.
Officers here who do not belong to the*
garrison have been ordered to depart by
to-morrow and the officers of the garri
son have been ordered to return to-mor
row.
The first session of the court is expect
ed to be short. After reading the report
of Major Carrlere, who represents the
Government, the court will adjourn to
allow the defense t:m<> to study the
secret dossier. Th»- trial Is expected to be
resumed Wednesday or Thursday.
UNEXPECTED DELAY OF
SAMOAN COMMISSION
WASHINGTON, An?. 4.— The non-arri
val of the Sanroan commission Is begin
ning to attract comment in ottVial circles,
as it is thought some new- complication
may have arisen in Samoa to keep the
commission there.
The la*t report was that the party
would leave Apia on July IS and if this
had been cairied out the commission
would have been in San Francisco before
the present time. As the bulk of the na
tives were disarmed there is little pros
pect that they could cause serious disor
der, vet in case of renewing trouble be
tween the factions it is believed that the
commission would wait until quiet nad
been re&tored.
Christopher Nibman Dead.
FRESNO, Aug. 4.— Christopher Nib
man, a capitalist of San Francisco, died
at Oleander night before last. He had
come to this county for his health. His
body was shipped to San Francisco. He
was a native of Germany, aged t>6 years.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CAI/L, SATURDAY, AUGUST 5, 1899.
WESTWARD RUN OF
THE AUTOMOBILE
BY JOHN D. DAVIS.
DUNKIRK DEPOT, N. T., Aug. 4.
—The transcontinental automo
bile arrived in Fredonia at 8:30
o'clock to-night. Buffalo was
left at 2:20 this afternoon, the
automobile being escorted out to the
FITZPATRICK WAS
COOLLY RECEIVED
Canadians Rejected His
Invitations.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 4.— W. P. Fitz
patrick of the Treasury Department has
just returned to Washington from Ot
tawa, where he went at the instance of
i the committee of citizens of Chicago in
: charge of the ceremonies of laying the
' cornerstone of that city's postoffice build-
I ing next October by President McKinley
to arrange for the formal invitation and
i expected acceptance of an invitation from
Chicago's citizens to the Governor Gen
eral and Cabinet of Canada to participate
in these festivities. Mr. Fitzpatrick la
the Assistant United States Architect for
the Chicago building.
To an Associated Press representative
he admitted that his official reception was
Blightly chilly, Sir Wilfrid Laurier can
didly telling him that under the present
conditions it would be impossible for him
to accept or even to consider any special
invitation to this side of the border..
Mr Fitzpatrick says that in substance
1 Sir Wilfrid's voluntary statements and
answers to queries were as follows: 'As
a friend in whom I am deeply interested
I am very glad to see you. but, frankly,
as a. representative of the Federal or any
local government in the United States
your visit could not have been more un
timely When I received your first letter
I took up the matter with his Excellency
i the Governor General, and he expressed a
sincere desire to visit Chicago and seemed
I as anxious to accept the invitation as I
i was. We would have been delighted to go
and were looking forward to the day with
much anticipation. But since then the
tone of your press has become so harsh
aling with the Alaskan boundary
question, such misrepresentations have
been made about our Government and
particularly about me that it would be
undignified for us to visit you, and I can
not advise his Excellency to go."
Mr. Fitzpatrick said that Sir Wilfrid
Laurier intimated that in the present
siat.- of public feeling in the United States
dicated in the press it would not be
' entirely safe for the Governor General and
i himseif to visit Chicago, as he feared that
they mifcht, in the great gathering of
such a character as the Chicago cere
mony, be subjected to some unpleasant
ness or Indignity by thoughtless persons.
Sir Wilfrid expressed himself as strongly
■in favor of arbitrating the Alaskan
j boundary dispute.
TWO-TEN TROT WON
BY TOMMY BRITTON
Result of the First Race at Colum
bus a Surprise to the
Talent.
COLUMBUS, 0., Aug. 4.— Rain again
interfered with the races at the Columbus
Driving Park to-day. After the 2:10 trot
had been finis. .cd and four heats trotted
in the 2:14 class a thunderstorm came up,
and before the rain had ceased the track
was soaked. It was hoped, however, that
the racing mignt be resumed, and the
crowd was held until very late, when it
became evident that the horses could not
start, and the races were postponed until
to-morrow.
There were four events on the card to
day, including the 2:10 trot postponed from
Thursday. This was the first started,
and it proved a surprise to the talent.
Tommy Britton winning in straight heats
without being urged. Elloree was favorite
in the betting on the strength .of her
showing at Cleveland, but she was not a
factor In the race. Cresceus, although not
fast enough to press Tommy Britton, beal
Elloree out for second money easily.
Pour heats were trotted in the 2:14 class.
There were ten starters in the race, but
tho contest lay between Surpola. Success
and Charley Herr. Surpola was the fa
vorite, but Success sold almost equally
well in the pools, and Charley Herr had
many backers. Surpola trotted the first
beat without a break and won easily by
two lengths. The gray mare acted badly
in every heat after that. In the second
1 heat Surpola went off her feet after pass
ing the three-quarters, and was beaten
out by both Charley Herr and Success.
In the third heat the mare broke at the
half and fell back so far that she could
not fill the gap between the leaders, and
wan beaten out by the same horses in re
verse order. Success taking the heat. In
the fourth heat Curry, who had driven Sur
pola, gave way to Hutchings, but the
change didn't prove a fortunate one. Com
ing down the homestretch Surpola and
Success were neck and neck when the
former broke and Hutchings allowed the
mare to run. She found her gait before
the wire was reached, however, and won
out by half a length, but was set back
to second place, the heat being given to
Success. This race and the 2:21 pace and
the 2:20 trot were postponed to to-morrow.
Results:
210 trot purse $2000 — Tommy Britton won In
straight heats. Time, 2:0814, 2:08%, 2:oß'i.
Oresaceus was second and Klloree third,
liouncer, Plllatus, Carcalla and Louise Me also
st ; t r t » * 1 1 .
214 trot purse $2000 (unfinished)— Success
won third and fourth heats. Time, 2:10%,
■• 14;; Surpol won the first heat in 2:11. Char
ley Herr won the second heat in 2:11%. Senator
L., Iris, Kyote. Ksparto Rex, Dr. Spellman.
Pnnce of India and Wynema also started.
Woman Bather Almost Drowned.
PACIFIC GROVE, Aug. 4.— An accident
that nearly proved fatal to Mrs. Cheshire
of San Jose, wife of a railroad official of
that city occurred in the swimming tanks
at the Del Monte Baths yesterday arter
noon. Mrs. Cheshire was swimming in
one of the deeper tanks, when she became
exhausted. She was going down for the
last time when others in the tank saw
hrer struggling and succeeded in drawing
her to the tank decks. Her friends worked
for some time to resuscitate her, for she
had swallowed a large amount of wnter,
but finally were successful.
00000000000000000
O START, JULY 13.
O Miles. °
© Estimated distance to °
© cover .... 3700 °
O Friday's run .... 65 °
O Total distance covered 551 ©
O O
00000000000000000
city lines by Dr. Truman J. Martin.
The start was made from the Buffalo
Courier office and was witnessed by a
large crowd of people. The run from
Buffalo was made at an average speed
of twelve miles an hour, and the dis
tance covered was sixty-five miles.
At Athol Springs I was directed on the
wrong road and ran about fifteen miles
off my course, and had to come back
ten miles to the Erie road. The roads
to-day have been delightful and the
motor has worked perfectly and with
out a break. Some delay was caused
about five miles out of Fredonia by a
ditch, which snapped three wires, but
this was quickly overcome. Mrs. Da
vis and myself are the guests of Mr.
and Mrs. Seldon Stone of Fredonia to
HOLD ON DIES
ON THE TRUCK
AT SARATOGA
Colt Runs Into the
Fence.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SARATOGA, Aug. 4.— The third rac«
was the feature of the day. Adolph
Spreckels was scratched and Charlie
Rose ought to have been. For a mile
Kinley Mac set a slow pace, with Ap
proval at his heels. In the last quarter
the latter challenged and a rattling rinish
ensued. Approval gained at every stride,
but Mac managed to hang on long enough
to win.
CUtwson, Bullman and Turner were
each fined $50 for breaking in the last
event.
While exercising on the track the chest
nut colt Hold On, owned by Ed Peters,
had blind staggers and reeled into the
fence and broke his neck. The boy who
was up on him was badly injured. At
first- he was thought to be dead, but ho
later recovered consciousness. Results:
Five furlongs— De Lacey won, Presltidigitator
second, McMeekin third. Time, l:03&>'
One mile— Meadowthorpe won. Flax Spinner
second, Bardella third. Time, l:4s'i-
One and a quarter miles— Kinley Mac won.
Approval second, Charlie Rose third. Time,
2:lU<;.
Five and a half furlongs— Hunt won.
Lightning Express second, Chippewa ; third.
Time, 1:10%.
Stx furlongs — Precursor won, Post Haste sec
ond, Nansen third. Time, 1:18 Vi.
NEW YORK, Aug. Jockey Maher
won the last three events at Brighton
Beach to-day, as he did yesterday, so
his followers went home happy. The
foucth race, a handicap for 3-year-olda
j and upward, was the feature of the card,
although only four were entered. Box,
carrying top weight, was a slight favorite
over Galathee, who got the most support.
! All four horses were backed. Maher took
Box out to make the running, closely at
tended by Galathee. They ran head and
head up the back stretch, but class told,
: and wiien straightened out in the stretch
' Box came away and won easily by three
; lengths from The Devil and Barataria,
both of whom beat the tired Galathee.
Results:
Five furlongs— Standing won, Fleuron second,
Hesper third. Time, I:U2.
Six furlongs — o 1 Day won, Modrin* sec
ond. Grey Jacques third. Time, 1:14 3-5. .'
Five and a half furlongs. — Fluke won,
Affect second. Mynheer third. Time, l:0S 1-5.
One and an eisrhth miles — llox won. The
Devil second. Barutaria third. Time, 1:54 1-5.
One mile— Fast Black won, Dolly "Weithoff
second, Klondyke Queen third. Time, 1:43 1-5.
Selling, one mile — Zanone won. Hurricane sec
ond. Banished third. Time, 1:42 3-5.
CHICAGO, Aug. Weather clear; track
good at Harlem. Results:
Six furlongs, selling— Barrack won, Lomond
second, Lovable third. Time, 1:17.
One and an eighth miles, selling — Plantain
won, Jennie F second. Pitfall third. Time,
1:585 i.
S!x furlongs — won, Faustoro Becond,
Maggie Davis third. Time, 1:15.
One mile — Espionage won, Mizpah second,
Boanerges third. Time, 1:43%.
Five furlongs.— San Cecilia won, Za Za. sec
ond. Mitten third. Time, 1:02%.
Seven furlongs, selling— Princess Murphy
won, Al Lone second, Heroics third. Time, 1:31.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 4.— The track was fast at
the fair grounds to-day. Results:
Six furlongs, selling— Crosby won, St. Au
gustine second, Foxey third. Time, 1:15.
One mile, maiden three-year-olds — Celeste
dOr won, Koenle second, • Bert Davis third.
Time, 1:45. '
Six furlongs, selling— lola won. Hungry Hill
second, Tartarian third. Time, I:lsV*. ■
Five and a half furlong-s. two-year-olds —
Lasso won, Felix Bard second, John Halsey
third. Time. 1:09. • - ;
Six furlongs, K-'Ulng— N'eoklace won, Elbe
second, Mattie Lou third. Time. 1:14%.
Five and a half furlongs, maiden two-year
olds—Silent Friend won. John Mlllin second,
- Martha Street third. Time, 1:11.
DETROIT, Aug. 4.— The Windsor track wa>
muddy to-day. Results:
Seven furlongs, — Cynthia won. De
fiance second. Highland Prince third. Time,
1:33%:
Four and a half furlongs — Stites won, Rob
ert Gray second, Onoto third. Time, :.'..»' 4 .
Six furlongs, selling— Cordes won, Eleanor
Holmes second. Little Reggie third. Time,
1:18%.
Five furlongs, two-year-olds— Yerkes
won, Tickfull second, • Sldbow third. Time,
1:04 w
One mile, three-year-olds — Kunja won, Rubel
; second, Tendresse third. Time, 1:47.
Mile and an eighth, selling— Homelike won.
Lady of the West second, Ennomla third.
Time, 2:00%.
OIL DERRICK OWNERS
DEFY THE CITIZENS
Determined to Continue the Attempt
to Deface the Santa Barbara
Beach.
SANTA BARBARA, Aug. 4. —J. C.
French, H. J. Nelson, J. A. Cody and
George- Tuttle, the owners of the oil der
rick and machinery a party of citizens
destroyed because they defaced the beach,
will commence suit against the citizens
to-morrow. They have given notice that
they will begin work immediately to erect
the derrick on the spot on which it was
torn down, and say that should an at
tempt be made to tear it down a second
time they will defend their property with
their lives.
Public sentiment is very strong against
the men who are attempting to obstruct
the beach front, and it is thought that
should another attempt be made to erect a
derrick scores of citizens will assist in
wrecking it. The citizens of Santa Bar
hara are determined not to have the
beauty of the beach marred by the un
sightly oil derricks.
Pierce Lowers Four Records.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 4.— At Wood
side Park track here to-day Burns Pierce
of Boston broke the bicycle records for
two. three, four and five miles. He rode
five miles paced by a motor. The rune of
the first mile was 1:34, three seconds
slower than the record. He went the sec
ond mile in 3:09; previous record ;{:!().
Third mile 4:46; previous record <G . 09 ;!-:'..
Fourth mile 6:23; previous record t>:JO.
Fifth mile 8:02 2-5; previous record 8.13.
C. F. Welse, who acted as timekeeper,
says the time will be officially entered on
the records of the National Cyclists" As
. soclatlon. ,
night. "VVe will leave to-morrow morn
ing at 9:30 o'clock for Erie. As I ex
pected, we have now got the motor in
good order and things are working
smoothly. We are able to make good
time and feel that all the weak parts
have been strengthened. Prom now
on we should make good time and re
cover some of the lost ground.
PERJURY TRIED
IN TRANSVAAL
Krugrer's Son Wanted
False Evidence.
Sr>«c!al Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Aug. 6.— The Johannes
burg correspondent of the Times, who
furnishes evidence of the attempt of
the Transvaal Government agents in
the recent conspiracy case to manufac
ture testimony implicating the British
Government and the South African
League, says:
President Kruger's son, who is the
head of the Secret Service Department,
tried to induce one of the witnesses for
the prosecution to do his utmost to
prove the case to be one of conspiracy
on the part of the British Government,
as that would strengthen Mr. Kruger's
hands. This was on the very eve of
the Bloemfontein conference.
The Berlin correspondent of the Daily
Mail say 3: I learn that the real rea
son why Empemr William did not go
to Cowes was the acute state of the
Transvaal question. The letter deliv
ered yesterday to the Queen at Os
borne House by Lieutenant Freiherr
▼on -Strombeck explains thfs, repeats
the Emperor's regrets and contains a
promise to visit her Majesty during
the autumn.
There is some talk of a previous
meeting between the Prince of Wales
and Emperor William at Empress
Frederick's castle near Homburg.
PRETORIA, Aug. 4.— Herr Fischer,
the special agent of the Oiange Free
State, has arrived here to confer with
the Transvaal Government, presumabiy
with the view of the altered situation
resulting from the message nf the Brit
ish Secretary of State for the Colonies,
Joseph Chamberlain, regarding the ap
pointment of a joint commission to in- '
quire into the effect which the net
franchise proposals of the Transvaal
Government will have on the position
of the Outlanders.
Mr. Fischer has conferred with Presi
dent Kruger, and the former's peace
ful views inspire confidence.
The Volksraad has postponed consid
eration of the report of the dynamite
commission in order to permit the com
mission to consult its European direc
tors.
CAPE TOWN, Aug. 4.— ln the House
of Assembly to-day Cecil Rhodes ex
pressed a belief that the Transvaal
difficulty "would be overcome in a few
months and without a shot being fired,
owing to the moderation displayed." |
He predicted .that capital would then
flow freely.
BROOKLYN AND BOSTON
HAVE NARROW ESCAPES
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— "W. L. Pc. I Clubs— "W. L. Pc.
Brooklyn ....61 30 .670 ! Cincinnati ...46 43 .517
BoStOO 56 34 .622 Pittsburg ....47 44 .Bin
Philadelphia 65 36 .604 Louisville ...40 4:» .419
Baltimore ...52 3S .578 New Y0rk... 35 .OS .375
Bt Louis 51 40 .r.60 Washington 34 59 .366
Chicago 49 40 .551 1 Cleveland ...16 76 .174
CHICAGO, Aug. 4.— The Orphans won an easy
game to-day from St. Louis, batting SudhofC
all over the field. Chilcls and Tebeau were re
moved for too much argument with Umpire
Smttn. Attendance, 1800. Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Chicago 8 18 1
St. Louis 3 9 3
Batteries— Taylor and Donahue; SudhofC and
SchrecongOEt. Umpires— and Smith.
BROOKLYN, Aug. 4.— New York outbatted
and outflelded the Brooklyn^ to-day, but lost
the game through reckless baserunning and
poor team work at the bat. MeGulre's throwing
was the feature, six men being nailed on the
bases; the seventh should have gone out, but
Casey was at fault. Attendance, 3100. Score:
dubs- R- H. E.
New York .....•••••••••• •••••••••••• 2 14 1
Brooklyn 3 8 2
Batteries— Seymour and Warner; McJames
and McGuire. Umpires Emalie and McDonald.
BOSTON, Aug. 4.— Great headwork In the
ninth won the game for Boston to-day. With
one man out Collins was hit, Duffy walked
and Stahl got In front of the ball, filling the
bases Lowe fouled to McGann and Bergen
singled, scoring Cummings and Duffy, Slagle
made a sensational catch In the eighth, cutting
off what seemed a sure three-bagger. Lewis
was Injured in the sixth and retired in favor
of Bailey. Attendance, 2000. Score: __♦*•
riuba— R. H. E.
Boston 4 5 1
Washington 3 9 2
Batteries— Lewis, Bailey and Bergen; Wey
hlng and Klttrldge. Umpires— Lynch and Con
nolly.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. Baltimore had
men on second and on third In the eighth in
ning to-day, when Cross made a brilliant stop
and lightning throw of Smith's hit, retiring
the side and saving the game for the Phillies.
Philadelphia has secured Dolan of Richmond
to play second during the absence of Lajole
from the team. Attendance, 3295. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Baltimore 3 8 3
Philadelphia 4 11 2
Batteries— McGinety and Robinson; Fraser
and McFarland. Umpires— Gaffney and Latham.
Rich— Yet Starving.
Doctors frequently have very wealthy pa-
tients who are starving to death. They have
money to buy food, but their stomach has not
the strength to digest It. It lies there a heavy
fermented mass, the sole cause of dyspepsia,
nervousness and biliousness. The surest rem-
edy to cure a weak stomach is Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters. It will restore vigor to the
digestive organs. Nothing Is "Just as good."
See that a private revenue atamp cover* the
neck of the bottle.
SAVED A NEGRO
FROM LYNCHERS
Governor Candler Tak;es Charge
of Troop and the Mob Is
Warded Off.
• IT TLANTA, August 4«-It became known to-day that Governor #
•J* A Candler of this State made a personal trip to Newnan, a town ••
j* L\ sixty miles south of this city, yesterday morning to save the life "*
II J. A. of John Mullins, the negro charged with an assault upon Mrs. ..
•> Cook, near Genoiga, Wednesday.
II Governor Candler left the Legislative Mansion at 4a. m. and arrived jj[
31 at the jail of Coweta County an hour after daybreak. He took com- ..
■j" mand of the Newnan Guards, a company of the State militia, which ••
I* had been guarding the jail during the night from a mob, and directed **
II Sheriff Brown to take his prisoner at once to Atlanta for safe-keeping. ..
V The greatest excitement prevailed in the town during the night and V
* Sheriff Brown fearing an attack from the mob telegraphed Governor H
•!■ Candler several times for instructions. -♦
j* The mob was successfully avoided and the prisoner lodged in the Ful- V
II ton County Jail at Atlanta. • II
CHOYNSKI GETS
DECISION OVER
MEXICAN PETE
Wins in the Seventh
Round.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DENVER, Aug. 4.— Joe Choynski of Cal
ifornia was given the decision over "Mex
ican Pete" Everett of Cripple Creek in the
seventh round of what was scheduled as
a twenty-five-round bout at the Colorado
Athletic Club to-night. Everett fouled
Choynski repeatedly and In the seventh
round secured a strangle hold on Choyn
ski and brought him to the floor in a
Referee Klnney gave the fight to Choyn
ski. "Mexican Pete" made a rush and
struck at the referee. The police and a
number of spectators jumped into the
ring, and a free fight was prevented by
Everett's seconds dragging him to his
corner and the police assuming control
of the house. ,
Choynski floored Pete twice in the sixth
round and repeatedly punched him in the
nose, causing blood to spurt over Petes
' face. The agreement was that the fight
! ers would break at the command of the
! referee, which was seldom heeded by Ev-
I erett. Choynski fought a clean fight
i throughout and had little trouble in hit
ting Everett at will.
GRAND JURY MAY BE
CONVENED AT ONCE
Marin Officials Investigating the Use
of Money in 'the Case of
Harvey.
SAN RAFAEL. Aug. 4.— The publication
of Mrs. J. P. Roberts' story in regard to
I the alleged bribing of jurors at the trial j
of Joseph Harvey on a charge of conduct- |
ing a banking game in his poolroom at |
| Sausalito has produced consternation j
■ among gambling cohorts. This uneasiness
1 was increased to-day when It was learned
! that if Sheriff Taylor and District Attor
ney Mclsaac succeeded in obtaining j
enough evidence to indict the principals ,
to the affair Judge Angellotti will not wait !
until the Grand Jury holds its regular
! session next October but will call that
body together at once.
The part ascribed to R. M. Donne in the
affair is the only material element of Mrs.
Roberts' tale discredited. It is not be
lleved the woman is misrepresenting the
facts as stated to her, but that her hus
i band erred either intentionally or other
! wise. Donne is a prominent merchant of
the community and has always enjoyed i
an excellent reputation for honesty and
Integrity. The interview published in a |
morning paper in which he is said to have j
admitted that Roberts approached him on i
a ferryboat and demanded his share of j
• the "swag" is vigorously denied by Donne, j
"I told the representative of this paper
what I have told the others," said Donne ;
to-day. "I explained to him that I did
i not know whether or not money had been j
expended in securing an acquittal, but I
that if it was I hadnothing to do with it.
I said furthermore that I had never seen
Roberts since the jury acquitted Harvey j
to talk with him alone. Why I should
have been misrepresented in this matter I
I am at a loss to explain."
INDIAN OFFICER KILLED.
LONDON. Aug. 4.— The Daily Mail pub
lishes the following dispatch from Simla:
A distinguished native officer, a Subahdar,
Major Andurrahman, with the Swat Val
ley column, was shot dead by a Sepoy.
The latter was immediately shot by a
non-commissioned officer of the same reg
iment.
Elected State Evangelist.
SANTA CRT'Z. Aug. 4.— The State Board
of the Christian Churches of California
has elected Rev. Thomas Lawson of Santa
Clara to the office of State evangelist.
t^«23S 2 f^ '■•..L>k-'' " ■' \> cw Hi W E9 9898 B
HUaH BB IB "■ OmmtU mntum r
Have many advantages over the rest of the world— always get the
best in wearing apparel for the least money— in various other, ways
not safe to publish they stand in the front rank. We are overcrowded
with little sizes, and until Wednesday, August 9 (unless sooner sold), will
sell at little prices to get them out of the way.
Dealers supplied at same cut figures; not over 100 pieces to one dealer
or buyer. Orders must positively be mailed the date named. These do
nicely for girls. .
THINGS TO WEAR.
Ladies' Fine Waists 16c
rents size 34 at 2>V. size 36 at 25 cents; same I
rate of discount on hlKh-cost waists.
Ladies' Lisle Undervests 8c
These are either white or tmlhriKgan regu-
lar SOc carmenl*. long or short sleeves; sum-
mer wear; size 26 at So. 28 at 10c. 30 at IStfce,
32 at 15c. now who will not buy?
Ladies' Fine Shoes 39c
About 60 pair of the IROft-palr lot; not a shoe
worth less than $2 50, and mostly higher: size
3in narrow iiiihs A and B; also a few
Mi*pe« 12 to I 1? at same price: all for small.
narrow feet; <an you rind a place for these?
A full Hno of infants', children's, ladles',
boys' and men's shoes at low prices.
Ladies' Kid Gloves 40c
These are stiff cuff fine quality walking,
driving or bicycle gloves; regular $1 25 grade;
small sizes, 5V4. s\, 6 at 40c; 6V4, 8& 6\ at
50c.
SNAP SHOTS.
Little girls' nice golf bonnets Use
Girls' winter under pants, gray 15c
Stocking yarn, high-grade wool, pound 75c
Ladies' $4 white sweaters, heavy $I.7<>
Common Saxony yarn, all colors 5c
New plum jam, this year's pack lOc
Men's big shoes, office use, 10, 11. 12 05e
Child's One kid shoes, latest, 6 to 8 O*c
1 Men's good working gloves, bargains 250
CROWD BURNS AN
EFFIGY OF ASTOR
Police Try to Stop the
Ceremony.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Aug. 4.— Surrounded by a
hooting, jeering crowd of several hun
dred persons, William W r aldorf Astor
was burned In effigy to-night in Long
acre Sauare. Dr. F. W. Crowe, an
elderly physician, who lives in his own
handsome brownstone dwelling at 228
West Forty-ninth street, was the prime
mover in the incident. He hired thirty
men to assist him. At 8:30 p. m. he car
ried a big rocking chair from his house
to a truck driven by Anthony Kemmerer.
With it he had an oil-soaked barrel. On
the chair he placed a lay figure garbed
in a striped suit, a black fedora hat, kid
gloves, tight fitting trousers and good
shoes. Across the chest of the figure was
a sign two by four feet with this legend:
"Astor. the traitor."
The wagon, followed by a crowd, was
driven down Broadway to a point near
Thirty-sixth street, where the doctor
tried to make a speech, but the police
ordered him on. Up Sixth avenue to
Longacre went the wagon. There Dr.
Crowe planted the barrel on the asphalt,
poured over it two quarts of oil and ap
plied a match. The flames crackled and
licked up the figure. A big hole was
burned in the asphalt pavement. The
police arrived too late to find the doctor.
He had disappeared in the crowd. His
driver was arrested, but released at the
station house. The police are looking for
Dr. Crowe.
Dr. Crowe has been much interested in
the reports about Mr. Astor taking the
oath of allecriance to Queen Victoria. The
more he read the madder he grew. For
some days he has talked of little else,
and his act to-night was no surprise to
his neighbors.
AGED MAN BRUTALLY
BEATEN BY STRIKERS
His Offense Was Riding On One of
the Big Consolidated's
Cars.
CLEVELAND, Aug. 4.— The fact ha*
just come to light that Lucius F. Mellen,
ex-Superintendent of the City Infirmary
and ex-general agent of the Cleveland
Humane Society, was terrihly beaten by
strike sympathizers last Wednesday. Mr.
Mellen is 68 years of age and is in a pre
carious condition. His family did not re
port the matter to the police for fear of
further violence. Mr. Mellen rode en a
Big Consolidated car "Wednesday to H.
G. Patton's sign painting shop on Pearl
street to order a sign. He was followed
into the shop by a boy, who called tc two
men within that he had lidden on a
"scab" car. The two men seized Mr. Mel
len and threw him out of the door. The
aged man fell on the sidewalk, an«i the
two men and the boy, reinforced by two
other men who came along, kicked him
brutally. Mr. Mellen later was assisted
to his home on Library street. Mr. Mellen
is one of the oldest and most prominent
citizens of Cleveland, and has been for
years a leader of national fame in church
and charitable work.
SUIT TO OUST A MAYOR.
Election of Portland's Executive Said
to Have Been Illegal.
PORTLAND. Or., Aug. 4.— Quo-war -
ranto proceedings were commenced in
the State Circuit Court this afternoon
against W. A. Storey, Mayor of the city
of Portland. He was elected Mayor on
May 16 by the City Council to fill the
vacancy caused by the death of Mayor
Mason. It is alleged Storey obtained his
election in an illegal manner.
New Korean Railroad.
BERLIN. Aug. 4.— A dispatch to the
National Zeitung from Korea says the
Government of that country has granted
a concession to a German syndicate to
build a railroad from Seoul, the capital,
to Gensen, on the west coast of Korea.
THINGS TO EAT.
Fine Table Jams 5c
Why. go without delicacies for table use
when we supply them so good and cheap?
These are special 44 apricot, currant or straw-
berry, only 5c ur 25 for $1, small tins.
Salmon .77 9c
Hume' celebrated autograph brand: nothing
else need be said; one can, 9c, 12 for $1, or $3 80
per case of 4 dozen; special No. 11.
Pork and Beans .~T7. 9c
This is Kastern pack and warranted: you will
hardly believe It; all we ask is a trial; one
tin, 9c, six tins, 50c; quantity limited.
Green Coffee ./~ 9c
How things break; not long ago 22c was the
price of this fine coffee; $9 buys 100 pounds;
small lots 10c.
Bacon, Eastern 7*c
This is a noted brand; fine sweet meat, but
not as nice looking as some we send you; 100-
-pounds for Yl 50, less quantity Be.
CASH STORE
25-27 Market St.
34
WITH THE SPORTSMEN AFIELD
DOGS NEEDED
IN THE QUEST
OF DEER
Such Is the Opinion of Sports
men on the Subject.
Few Pariies Return Empty- Handed
From th 5 Chase — Good Returns
of Do/es Reported.
The first flurry among the sportsmen
which always marks the opening of the
shooting season is over and they ari set
tling down to a quiet ijoyment of the
sport. Many prepare elaborately for the
shooting, but a few days in the field sat
isfies them and they are content to hear
of the experiences oi their friends in the
lield. The genuine sportsmen, on the other
hand, are just getting seasoned for the
hardships of the chase and enjoy each
week end on the trail of deer. These have
by no means been killed off, but from all
directions comes word that dogs are a
necessity, still-hunting being pronounced
a falluir wherever tried.
Phil Bekeart and his party, including
Dr. K. N. Short, Wiliiam Short, George
AlcCord, Win McCord; Thomas McCordj
Ur. W. J. Hawkins and Thomas Craig.
have returned after an outing ot eignt
days in Mendocino. They maae tJieir
headqua rters about thirty miles w; e>l and
northwest of Ukluh. Thej saw signs of
deer in i idance, but without dogs thty
were almost imp ssible to get. Thre? leil
to the guna of me party. George vlcOyid
made a hit as a trout fisherman; uring
forty ranginj trom eight to tw ive inches
in length. ihej wouid not take the ny
spoon nor shopper. Angleworms were.
tried and proved a success in ills deep
pools. The party secured many doves, two
raccoons and some squirrels.
James Marklund and his party have
returned from a fortnight's trip and iv
port Ecelient results. rhey camped near
ihe dividlni line of Sonomn and Mendo
cino counties and found game in atiun
dance. Thty report deer plentiful, but,
iike others ;>• they say gooa uogs ara a
necessity. In the jolly party were Lloyd
Eaton. Thomas Casey. ! lave Hearfteld;
Hobert Van Norden; Robert Bj Ifofd,
George Hoyle; Tom deary and otner*.
The annual dove Ptew of the Sutter and
Yuba Gun 'lub at Marysville last Sunday
attracted an attendance of SOO people. The
stew contained 2000 doves, three dozen
chickens and one deer. The princij
representatives of lis city were Otto
Peudner. T. D. Webb and I. A. Norman.
Among the gunners of jVlarysville were
J. W. Steward, VVillard St< ward. E.
Barthe and F. Greeby; from Tuba City,
B. Epperson, A. A. Sanderson and James
Hotchklns.
Howard Black and Will Taylor. Sheriff
of Marin County, are In the field to-day
for deer.
Newton Elder and Turner Eider of Ful
ton, Sonoma County, killed four deer re
cently in the mountains above Skaggs
Springs.
County Game Warden Lindsay of Eu
reka recently arrested four men near Gar
bervllle for killing does. They pleaded
guilty and were fined $:;:>.
Eddie Kolb, Thomas (..'luff and General
Dickinson secured four ■er in their trip
to Mendocino County.
H. L. Miller and \Y. D. McArthur se
cured six dozen doves at the Olympic
Gun Club preserves, Cordelia, last Sun
day.
0. M. 1.-avy of the Olympics goes to
Oregon shortly, and anticipates some good
fishing and snooting.
The Lincoln Gun Club will hold an open
shoot on its grounds. Alameda Point, to
morrow. There are seven events on the
programme for every class of trap
shooter. It Includes a two-man champion
ship race, twenty-five birds per man. and
also a twelvi -man team shoot for the
Neustadter trophy. The coast pipeon, a
• »w type of bluerock target, will be used.
The members of the California Wing
shooting Club will shoot live birds at
ingleside grounds to-morrov.-.
ANGLERS FIND SPORT
TROLLING FOR SALMON!
Salmon f.shinpr Is • n MorH
j '.-:■ . ::. tg rare
wan the big fish. The herrings are plen
tiful in the bay and : attraction
for th rite method of
catching them is by I rom a buat.
The striped bass have had a
from the- nsl ■ . the past week.
Last Sunday the sport was poor near
he s mall catches h.-i.t a.
depressing effect on the regulars. As the
nsn arc there feeding on the juicy rub
b.< re ia no particular rea
son why they should not be caught in
abundance.
State Fish anil flame Commissioner
Keller and Chief Deputy Babcock wul re
turn to-day from the Price Creek fish
hatchery, Humboldt County. Their visit
to the hatchery was for the purpose of
determining what improvements" should
be made there with the 11500 appropriated
for the purpose by the last Legislature.
F. A. Shebley will be superintendent of
the station.
Charles Bosworth. James Maguire and
"Will Sissons have returned from the Mc-
Cloud River, where they spent twa weeks
enjoying the fishing. The largest trout
caught weighed four and a half pounds.
The fish would not touch a fly, apparently
finding feed in abundance on (he bottom.
They ore living on a small Mack bug and
liavo them in such quantities that they
would not ta,k<? tliom when used as bait.
Achille Roos is preparing for .i trip to
Pelican Cay for tho trout fishing.
Report* from tho Truckee are to the
rffc-ct that the fishing has not been good
recently.
Waiter 1"). Mansfield, president of the
Fly-casting Club and holder of the
world's record in distance casting, left
for the East yesterday. He will be ab
sent a month on business.
Tho members of the San Francisco Fly
caßtlng Club will hold their regular com- |
petition at Stow Lake, Oolden Gate Park,
this afternoon and to-morrow morning.
PREPARING FOR FOOTBALL
In another week the University of Cal
ifornia will begin its fall semester and
the football season will open with a pre
lude, for no sooner do the college men
foregather than the work of discovery and
the search for material beging. The great
Kelly, Princeton's wonderful halfback,
will reach thia coast about the first week
in September and will begin work where
Garrett Cochran left off. Cochran will
arrive some two weeks later and the two
Kasterners will then co-operate for a
month, at the end of which time Cochran
will return to his mines in New Mexico,
where he will remain until the last month
of the season. He will be with the blue
and gold athletes during the finishing
weeks and map out the pian of battle in
the big intercollegiate event.
Coach Chamberlain of Vale will con
duct the football operations at Stanford.
He has a reputation that is aJmost the
equal of Cochran. and is a man of great
personal magnitude. He will not arrive
until the middle of September, but will
find hiH team fairly well organized at
that time as the Stanford men will be
gin , rellminary work as soon as the col
l"ro opens. The football season this year
v.-ill be the most interesting of any up
to date. Stanford will fight for lost
laurels and the university will battle to
retain a single but a glorious victory.
The new Berkeley president will ba a
factor in football athletics at the Uni
vernity of California. It is eaid that he
v.-11l stir" up a dopth of enthusiasm that
knows no measurement.
The college teams hay« a strong eleven
to light in the preliminary games. Olym
pic has been working already in the
gathering of a team and there will be a
lot of flmt-clafiH material on hand to
form a heavy, well-balanced and expe
rienced eleven. Stewart Cotton, captain
of Btanford'i victorious team of '67, will
play with the Olyj&plca this year.
WILL HAVE A
CUP RACE IN
THIS HARBOR
Corinthians Challenged for Con
test in September.
An Ocean Rac^ to Monterey Attracts
the Big Schooners and Harry
Simpkins' Yaw!.
E .C. Bartlett, secretary of the San Fran
cisco Yacht Club, has sent to Secretary
©-♦—$— ♦-<$■— ♦—§>-*-^$>-*— -"§>-♦— €>-*-' : ? > -*-'* ♦ •
T. L. Miller of the Corinthians a chal
lenge for the San Francisco challenge cup,
which was deeded by J. M. Macdor.ough
in 1595 to the yachtsmen of the I'acilic
Coast as a perpetual trophy. It was lirst
presented to the Encinal Yacht Club in
trust, and was retained for that olub by
J. A. Leonard's sloop El Sueno, which de
feated the San Francisco yacht Queen,
and later by the sloop Fawn, whicn won
from the Catherine. Then the Corinthians
challenged with the sloop Aeolus, which
defeated the Fawn, and has held the cup
ever since.
In his challenge Secretary Bartlvti said
that the challenger is the sloop Gadder;
owned by Matthew Turner, anu that her
general dimensions are 30 feet ovi i all
and 25 feet on the load water line. The j
exact sailing length he promised to give
later. A meeting of the board of direc
tors of the Corinthian yacht Club was
held on Thursday night, at which time
after careful consideration it was decided
to return the challenge on the ground
that it doea not comply with the terms
of the deed of gift under which th-3 cup
Is held by the ciub.
The Corinthians are ready to accept a
challenge regular in form, but do not
think they would be justified in accept
ing one which does not give the sailing
length of the challenger within a fraction
of a foot at least. The Gadder is to have
a house put on, as the conditions require
the challenger to be a cabin yacht. She
will also have a fin keel added, and her
sail plan enlarged. The Corinthians are
desirous of having the excitement of a
cup race, and so soon as the dimensions
of the challenger are given will readily
accept the challenge. They wish to have
time in which to prepare their defender,
make necessary alterations and put her
in the pink of condition. The contest
must take place not less than thirty nor
more than sixty days after the date or
the challenge, and must be sailed between
May l and- September 30.
The Corinthians, as matters stand at
present, do not know what yacht to ae
fend with, as the defender must be within
10 per cent qf the sailing length ot the
challenger, according to the rules of the
Seawannaka-Corinthian Yacht Clud.
The ocean yacht race that will form a
part of the carnival of sports at Mon
terev will take place on Sunday. August !
27 so as to give as large a number of
persona as possible an opportunity of tvit
nessing it. The entries will be the pilot
boat Bonlta, E. A. Wiltsee's schoonor
Aggie, J. D. Spreckels" schooner Lurline,
H. R. Simpkins" yawl Tramontane and
one or two other large craft.
The cruise to the lower bay of San
Francisco by the Corinthian and Encinal !
Yacht clubs, scheduled for to-day, has j
been abandoned. _
WITH THE DOG FANCIERS
G. J. M. E. d'Aqulre, who is acting Bel- |
gian Consul In this city, has acquired from j
Rev. J. W. Fllntcn a fine fox terrier puppy
by Aldon Swagger ex Aldon Radiance, j
Byron Erckenbrecker of Los Angeles
has concluded arrangements to buy from |
G. L. Waring of Santa Monica the latter's i
fox terrier dog puppy Sweet William, by
Aldon Swagger out of Snowflake by
Champion Warren Safeguard out of i
Blemton Spinaway. This magnificent !
young terrier took first puppy prize at the '
Santa Barbara show and the special for I
best fox terrier shown. C. A. Sumner of ;
Los Angeles pronounced him to be with- :
out a peer on the coast and a credit to
his royal lineage.
Rev. Mr. Flinton has sold another fox |
terrier puppy, the purchaser being W. R. |
Lewis of Honolulu. She Is by Aldon Swag
ger out of Aldon Radiance. Mr. Lewis' |
fox terrier Queen of Diamonds whelped j
five puppies to Aldon Swagger on June 4, i
and Aldon Alice (by Aldon Quaestor ex j
Aldon Sparkle) whelbed six puppies to the
same sire on June 17.
Frank Kruse of Mount Oliver, Pa., has
issued a challenge to George Richards of
Pleasanton, Cal., for a match on birds for
$50 a side, Mr. Kruse backing his dog j
against the choice of two from Mr. Rich- !
ards' Sam's Bow, Plain Sam's son, and
Nellie Wilson.
Leon S. Greenebaum, whose smooth- \
coated St. Bernard dog Rhyn, by Alto '
Milo ex Hianca 11. took first puppy prize j
at the last San Francisco show, has had j
the misfortune to lose him by distemper.
His bull pup Harry W also contracted
the disease, but lived.
J. P. Norman, secretary of the Pacific
Coast Mastiff Club, has disposed of his ,
two mastiff puppies Hebe Montez and '■
I Lola Monte* (A. X C. S. B. 41,109) to Tim- j
othy Hopkins of Menlo Park. Shino Don !
(40,560) and Lola (87,647) were the sire and i
dam of these pups, and Ixila Montez took j
the first puppy prize at the late San !
Francisco show. Hebe Montez was also :
entered, but a dislocated shoulder pre- j
vented her appearance.
The Pacific advisory committee of the
American Kennel Club held a meeting
on Tuesday last. The protest of William
N. McCarthy against the award of special j
for best heavyweight pointer to Sam'B |
Bow was brought up, but consideration j[
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 5, 1899.
was postponed until the next meeting.
Owing to Mr. Carleton's indisposition the
meeting took place at his residence, John
E. ile Kuyter presiding.
The first and only club that has escaped
fines for errors in its catalogue is the San
Francisco Kennel Club, whose deposit of
$75 has been returned without any dedue-
Uon by tho American Kennel Club. This
rare occurrence ha? giver, rise to consid
erable si lf-congratulation among the offi
cials of the local dog club. They are ask
ing the seceders to make an equal show-
Ing with as faithful an observance of their
own rules.
BURLINGAME MEN IN
A COACHING PARADE
Therr* will be an informal parade of
four-in-hand coaches and of breaks at
Burlingame this afternoon. The festivi
ties will commence with luncheon at the
Burlingame clubhouse at 1 p. m. At 4:30
BLUE RIBBON WINNERS AT THE SANTA BARBARA SHOW.
The best of the blood dogs of Southern California were benched at the Santa Barbara phnw. The central picture
In the illustration shows' C. A. Sumner, the noted fox terrier expert, judging the breed for the special prize offered for the
best in the show. Sweet William, the second dog from the extreme right of the picture, won handily. The beautifully
marked English Fetter is Grouse F, winner of all first prizes in his class. He is shown with his owner, D. B. Stephen
son. The Scotch collies are from the kennel of N. J. Steward of Aromas. Ormskirk Blucher, a collie of renown, Is
shown in the center of the string.
there •will be a special match game of
polo. The parade of the coaches will
start in sufficient time to reach the polo
field In due season for the game. Both
teams will be formed from the Burlin
game Club men, but one will be made up
exclusively of men who are graduates
of Georgetown University. These men
are: Joe Tobin. Tom Driscoll, Peter Mar
tin and Allie Tobin. The picked team will
have such star players as Walter S. Ho
bart. Dick Tobin, John Lawson 'and
Charles Dunphy. The losers will pay for
four silver cups for the victors. Tea will
be served the spectators at the polo field.
The gentlemen of Menlo Park have
formed an amateur racing association
and will hold their first pony rades one
week from to-day. There are seven races
on the programme, some being over the
Jumps. They range from three-sixteenths
of a mile to one and" three-quarter miles,
the latter being the Visitors' steeplechase
over five hurdles, riders to carry 175
pounJs. The officials and the stewards of
the club are:
Judge, Chris. - "VV. Smith; official measurer.
J. B. Casserly; clerk of scales, J. A. Donohoe;
starter, K. L. Eyre; stewards; Hon. C. N.
Felton, C. N. Felton Jr., E. W. Hopkins,
Timothy Hopkins, J. L. Rathbone, J. Lerby
Nickel, Theodore Payne. J. A. Donohoe,
Charles Holbrook, J. J. Moore, R. D. Girvin,
W. J. Adams, Percival "VV. Selby, E. L. Kyre,
Perry Eyre, Robert Eyre, Howard Stevenson,
Richard Stevenson, Atherton Macondray, Dr.
Stanley, Edgar Mills, J. B. Caeserly, William
Talbot, Frank Moulton. Chris. W. Smith, J.
K. Prior, George Jennings. \V. OB. Macdon
ough, Percy P. Moore, Harry Holbrook.
The complete programme has been an
nounced of the sport at Monterey during
the last week of August under the pat
ronage of the Pacific Coast Racing and
Steeplechase Association. The Burlln
game Club •will send its best horsemen to
meet those of the south on the polo field.
The days set aside for the various sports
are as follows:
August IS — Tennis double handicap. August
19— I'lgpon shoot, open to members of all coun
try clubs. August 21 — Ladles" golf handicap,
for the George Crocker cup; eighteen holes to
be played to qualify for the handicap. August
22 Final competition for the Crocker cup.
August Men's golf contest for the Del
Monte cup; qualifying rounds of eighteen holes,
medal play. The players with Blxteen lowest
scores to be eligible for final competition •on
the 24th and 25th Inst. August 24— Polo, Bur
llngame vs. picked teams for the south. Au
gust Golf team match, south vs. north, six
[ men on a team; thlrty-slx holes, match play;
pony racing and steeplechase; flve-rnlle bicycle
road race and bareball, Burllngame vs. alumni
of universities. August Yacht race.
■ ♦ ■
Dr. W. R. Cluness Jr. has sold hie
rough-coated St. Bernard dog Reglov Jr.,
| by. Reglov ex Lady Alton, to Hugh Mc-
I Cracken. The doctor's sole canine posses
sion now is th.6 Cocker spaniel Rauette. :
GOLFERS WILL
MEET ON DEL
MONTE LINKS
Sharp Competition Expected for
the Crocker Cup.
A Team of Six Southern Ca'ifornians
Will Do Batcle Against Local
Hoot Mons
It has been stated recently that little j
golf is being played at present in the j
neighborhood of San Francisco. As re
gards San Rafael nothing could be fur
ther from the truth. Play is constantly
going on at the links not only on Satur
days and Sundays but also throughout the
week. The bathhouses are in use and
many players take a plunge after coming
in from a round of the course. The rest
aurant in the clubhouse has lately been
the scene of several reunions in the even
ing, dinner parties having been given
there by Mr. and Mrs. Runyon, Mr. and
Mrs. F. H. Green, Mr. and Mrs. F. S.
Johnson, Baron J. H. yon Schroeder and
Carter P. Pomeroy. Last Saturday the
San Rafael Hunt Club, many of the mem
bers of which also belong to the golf
club, finished their run within a quarter
of a mile of the links and came in to the
clubhouse for tea. The nine-nole course
is being used, but work will soon begin
on the remaining nine greens. The com
plete eighteen-hole course will be ready
in the fall and will be the prettiest and
best appointed links in the State. The
club is increasing its members and is in
excellent financial condition.
Golf will form an important feature of
the carnival of sports to be held at Del
I Monte from August 19 to 27. Indeed. Sa
urday, August 19, has been added to th
week within which it was originally in
tended the sports should take place
accommodate the golfers. As the Court
at Del Monte is only a nine-hole one it
not possible to complete a competition s
quickly fts on an eiglTteen-hole links. Th
arrangements for the golf tournamen
Ebeen made by a committee cmisis
f S. L. Abbott Jr. of the San Krai
Golf Club; W. P. Johnson. Oaklai
Club; J. Lawson. Burlingame Coun
lub (who has recently returned fro
. Britain) and Carter P. Pomero
in of the San Rafael Golf Club. O
ay. August 21. the Qualifying comp
for ladles who wish to contend fo
ieorge Crocker cup will be held. I
will be at eighteen holes, medal play, am
the sixteen ladles who hand In the be
Is will be entitled to enter the cv
petition on the following day. Th
competition will be at eighteen hole
:h play. On Wednesday the qualif.
competition for the Del Monte cup for
will take place at eighteen holes,
fil play. The sixteen players making
best scores will be entitled to enter
final competition, which will take
c on Thursday and Friday. On Sat
ty, August 28, the match between
is of six men representing North and
:h California will take place. The
local team will Include E. R. Folger gf
Oakland. J. Lawson of Burlingame, S. L.
Abbott Jr. and E. J. McCutchen of the
San Francisco club and two others not
yet chosen. C. E. Maud, president of the
Riverside Polo and Golf Club, will captain
the southern team, which will include E.
Conde Jones, E. B. Tufts, W. Cosby and
J. F. Sartori of the L«os Angeles Country
Club and W. H. Young of Santa Monica.
C. K. Maud won the men's championship
at the Santa Catalina Island golf tourna
ment on June IT with a score of 166, E.
Conde Jones being second with a score of
167 for thirty-six holes. These are all
strong players, with plenty of experience
in open tournament play, and will take
a good deal of beating. Tournaments are
much more frequent In the south than
around San Francisco, the clubs at Los
Angeles, Santa Monica and Santa Cata
lina being particularly active in promot
ing open competitions.
CYCLERS TO DISCUSS RACING
The regular monthly meeting of Califor
nia Associated Cycling Clubs will be held
this evening at room 582 Parrott building.
Among other business to be considered
will be the election of a second vice pres
ident, the present holder of the office, T.
D. Whitman of the Acme Club, having
resigned. Arrangements for the twenty
mile race In September and the ten-mile
race in October will also have to be dis-
cussed.
The Bay City Wheelmen will hold two
tournaments, one of pool, the other of
whist, this even^g at tbe clubhouse, 4ji
Golden Gate avenue. The winners and
losers will be suitably rewarded, and light
refreshments will be served during the
evening. The Bay Citys' run to the Sal
awir farm will be held early in Septem
ber.
The great relay race between teams
from Reno and Carson will take place ai
Carson on August 13. Considerable inter
est is manifested in the event here, as
both teams are being handled by San
Francisco trainers and many of the riders
are well known here. This is the third
annual event 01 its kind, each club having
won one of the previous races.
TENNIS CLAIMS MANY
OF THE OLD DEVOTEES
With two tournaments in immediate
prospect, tennis is a live pastime at pres
ent. The eyes of the racket wielders are
turned toward the shady courts of De!
Mont-, for in less than two weeks the
handicap doubles tournament will be
played there. It is over two years since
a tournament of any consequence has
1 een played at this beautiful seaside re-
, Fort and there will be more than the usual
interest displayed for this reason.
Besides the young and advancing tennis
players, the old-timers who have won
cups and prizes galore yean back will
take part. The tournament precedes the
great week of sport, and many of the
polo players, gentlemen riders and crack
Shots will lie at the hotel while the tennis
matches are in progress. It is likely they
will take a racket in hand and fight on
the asphalt once again.
The teams have not yet been organized,
but one has only to drop in at the Cali
fornia, Oakland and Alanuda courts to
note the preparations. It is all doubles.
The best teams on the coast will not par
ticipate for a number of reasons. The
Whitnt vs. do not favor handicap affairs
and the Hardy team will not be together
on the ISth and 19th, as Sumner will play
in Santa Monica at that time. Sam will
double up with some Oakland man, but
the Whitneys will not play at all— that N,
together. George may give an exhibition
with Joe Daily or his brother, Robert N.
At a recent meeting of the Pacific States
Lawn T< nnls Association George Whitney
was elected a member of the board and
was placed on the executive committee.
The question of the scene of the cham
pionship doubles in singles was discusst •!
and for the first time in three yean
Rafael was counted out of the race. The
tournament will be held rither at Del
Mo'Ote or at the Venrtcme, San Jose. The
latter place is the choice of the Oakland
contingent, while the California Club men
favor the former. There is no Opposition
to the Vendome on either side, so it is
likely the championship doubles will be
held at San Jose.
The Whitneys have announced them
selves as competitors in this tournament.
Robert N. Whitney has returned from a
camping trip; both he and his brother
George have determined to play in
doubles. They have begun practicing for
the championship and will work Bteadll)
from now until the 9th of September. th'»
day of the tournament. With, the Hardy
and the Whitney brothers once more lii
the field, doubles will be a game not for
children but experts.
There was quite an active week at the
California Tennis Club. Most of the play
ers have returned from their vacations
and taken up their favorite sport once
again, Weihe. Root. Bliven, the Whitneys
nnd several of the lady players have been
practicing daily. Hentik Orau, Consul
General of Peru, was on the courts during
the early part of the week, and he de
feated Werner Stauf in a series of
Big Catches of Salmon.
MONTEREY. Aug. 4.— A big salmon run
is now in progress in Monterey Bay and
the daily catch Is unusually large. The
fish caught are some of the largest ever
taken hereabouts, weighing from thirty
to forty-three pounds each. Heavy ship
ments of salmon and other fish are oeing
dally made to San Francisco^ *: ■ _,
"MIDGETS" WILL
ROW NO MORE
TOGETHER
R. McArthur, Captain, Is Barred as
an Amateur.
University of California Boys Stiil Seek
a Fast Barge for the North
ern Regatta.
The South End Boat Club's senior
barge crew has been broken up by tho
decision of the registration committrp of
the Pacific Association that Robert M ■■-
Arthur professionalized himself when
he accepted a fee for his services as ref-
eree of a boxing contest. This is for
many reasons to be regretted, as the
"Midgets" were as good a crew as ever
rowed here, and R. McArthur is an ex
cellent coach and captain. A strict con
struction of the , rules of the Amateur
Athletic Uninn may have left the regis
tration committee without any alterna
tive, but the less stringent English rule
in such matters seems more reasonable.
There a professional in one sport may be
an amateur in another if he engages in
that other in a genuinely amateur spirit.
A man may get his living by his skill in
cricket, just as he may by his knowl
edge of law or medicine; but he is not
therefore a professional oarsman, foot
ball player or golfer. The Henley regatta
is one of the most purely amateur meet
ings in the world, yet even there the
rules would not exclude professionals in
other sports than rowing, unless they
were obnoxious to the manual labor
clause. The South End men feel hurt
at the decision of the registration com
mittee and will try to have McArthur
reinstated. The registration commis
sioners, H. A. Widemann, A. P. Roth
kopf and George James, decided against
McArthur by a vote of 2 to 1.
The arrangements in this city for the
Astoria regatta are progressing and it
is known what crews and scullers will
go there. The South Ends have no barge
crew, but Dr. C. C. Dennis and J. Foley
are practicing regularly and will rep
resent the club in the skiff and shell
races. The Alameda senior barge crew
will be in better condition than last year
and will make a hard struggle to retain
its«position. The club will send a skiff
as well as a barge, and F. Avers will
probably enter the outrigged skiff race.
It is likely that C. H. Smith, president of
the Alameda Boat Club, will accom
pany the crew, and 9. J. Pembroke will
be the guest of the carnival committee.
The Pioneers, having no suitable barge
to row in, will not enter the regatta.
The University of California crew Is
practicing on Oakland Creek in pair
oars and will row with Tracy as stroke.
Ray Fryer, who lives at Pomona, has
been telegraphed for and will be here
to-day. J. Hopper will probably go up
to-day to Stockton in the hope of per
suading the directors of the Stockton
Athletic Association to loan their fa*t
barge to the university crew. J. E. Budd,
on behalf of the Stockton Athletic Asso
ciation, has offered the use of the barge
Patterson, in which the university crew
rowed in a regatta on Oakland Creek
two years ago, but says that the direct
ors are unwilling to allow the new barge
to be taken away as it Is an Eastern
built boat and they are of opinion that
damage done to it could not be repaired
on this coast. The Patterson is not
quite so quick on the turn as the new
bargfl and the university crew Is anxious
not to be in any way handii apped by its
boat. If the new Stockton burge can
not be secured George James of the
Olympic Club will endeavor to get the
Olympic barge for -them.
J. R. Bockman and H. i\ Pless of the
Ariels, J. T. Sullivan of the Pioneers nnd
Mrs. Sullivan. C 1. Ochs of the Pioneers
and C. A. Smith of th. Alameda Lloat
Club will visit Astoria during the cur
nlval. H. A. Wittkopf of ihe Ari.- will
go up to take part in the shell race The
university has offer* to take up one of
Its outrigged skiffs for tin use of s J
Pembroke during the regatta. Th.- Ariel
barge crew will consist of H. nrj Wilson
bow; William Howe, No. 2; Robert Ellis'
3, and James AVilson. stroke.
fbe nil. rovernii reeattas beld by
the Pa<ille Association if the Amateur-
Athletic Union iir,. to be revised and
oarsmen who represent one club in a
public event arc to be permitted to repre
sent another club of which they may be
membera without waiting for three
month?, as they at present have to d<i
Members of universities are permitted
to represent their college n an athletic
contest, and Immediately afterward to
represent a club to which they may be
long:, and the same privilege is to be
accorded the rowing men.
AQUATIC SPORTS
The usual programme of aquatic sports
has been provided by the management of
Sutro Baths for to-morrow afternoon. The
events, with the swimmers entered, are as
follows;
50-yard dash, novfep— E. Marston C Kin»
J. Mugan, O. Ix>wenthal.. ' ' Jvin «»
100-yard race. Juveniles— M. Johnston W
Peters. P. Murphy. W. Waters. J. Keogh \V
Karly. '
100-yard race, amateurs — Open to all
100-yard tub race, three .■prizes— " Fl«ih«»r
G. A.ller. O. Khrman. C. Schwartz C Au
gustus. W. Phillipß, B. Wells. B. Baudain
\V. Yarrow. X stelljes, F. HJldebrandt. F
Beyer, ,E. Lleboldt. -'.--*
' Trick anri fancy springboard divlnr— p oio
vannl, J. Gladstone, G. Laßue. R. McCann
A. Eagantorl. C. StrohUn. T. Ralston P M C
Cowen, R. Cordell. ' -
L j Diving for plates, Juveallea-wOjeajoalL ,
BOUTS GO TO
THE LIMIT AT
OLYMPIC CLUB
Three Brace of Boxers Show
Sport in Variety.
Directors Present an Illuminated Ad'
dress to Herman Oilrichs, Pa
tron of Box ng.
There was boxing in variety in th«
arena of the Olympic Athletic Club last
night The three bouts which had been
arranged by the directors went th_- full
limit of ten rounds each, the referee call
ing for two extra rounds in the one be
tween Vickers and Baker. The victors
were George Baker, Charles Thurston and
F. Ast.
The bout between Ast and Woods was
by far the best of the evening and one of
the best ever seen in the club. Both men.
were clean hitters and aggressive, and at
times the end seemed close at hand. For
the first two rounds the boxers feinted,
each trying to draw the other's tire. In.
the third round they came together ami
gave blow for blow. Ast was vicious,
landing right and left and then jabbing
with tne left. Woods came back with,
some effective left swings, but was in dis.
tr< bb at the end of the round.
Ast went at his opponent from the
sound of the bell in the next round, but
Woods proved game, and when he s-eenru'd.
about done for he came back and foujrht
Ast to a standstill. The fifth round waa
full of action, and the men both showed
signs of distress. They then slowed down
considerably until the tenth round, when
each tried his best to get a commanding
lead. For a time it did not seem possible
for Woods to last until the gong would
sound for hostilities to cease.
He suddenly turned on Ast. however,
and, raining blows on him, soon had him
in difficulty. Both men were fighting at
the end of the round. George Kckhardt.
the referee, awarded the bout to Ast. It
was announced that Wood broke his right
hand in the fourth round.
The spectators disagreed with Referee
Eckhardt when he awarded the second
bout to Thurston. The friends of George
Simpson, the Acme boxer, believed t:->
had a cinch throughout. }!•■ was tho
cleverer hitter, although Thursten r. ■ -
the more aggressive. Simpson has a.
clever style.
I The directors of the club pres«>nt*<l s.
handsome illuminated addrrss to Her
man Oelrichs. the well-known patron >'
sport. Mr. Oelrichs gave the club four
valuable silver belts which wen competfit
for recently. The address, which »-. js dp
signed by Hammersmith & KM; ■-. . 3«t*
forth the impetus given boxing 1 : 7 «h«>
valuable trophies for which mar* »'3^
teur boxers competed. \
"•■ V
Sunday's Handball Entriem
Sunday"s entries for contests atV
Ryan's handball court at 858 Hr\
street have been made. The amateur sW
to between J. White. E. Ma!one> . J f\
and J. Collins promises to be the prfi
feature of the days play. The other cv- .
tries are:
J. Dowlingr and R. Housman vs P. llyai
and M. Batch; W. H. Slebert and W H k»;
dian vs. E. McDonoirsrh and D. J Sh««*ha-V
D. Kodgers and r. McKlnnon vu, P Stelner a£S
<;. McDonald: E. Harry and T. FQiey v» J
Kirby and D. Regan; J. Condon and i ; Binif
vs. T. Leach and A. McVlcker: J. FUordoa atf
E. Maloney vs. J. Harlow and E. Curtey
VVATSONVILLE PLAYERS jM
SHOWING GREAT SPEeW
The Dudes, somewhat ragged with the<3
repeated drubbings they have receiving*;
but gingered up with hope, will have <i-fl
other bout with the Watsonville baseb.illW
team this afternoon at Recreation Park.W
The Hayseeds are playing good- ball. h.i\ - ■ Vjj
ing made a remarkable showing in Urn "
last few games. They have won five otit
of six games played during the last thrco
weeks. Both the Dudes and the HayseecU
have been doing an unusual amount of
practice during the week. Manager Ew
ing has not lost confidence in his team
although he frankly admits that ther< art
a few weak spots that need strengthening
The Dudes have been showing up will i i
practice, and good contests should b.> pre
sented the patrons of the sport both to
day and to-morrow. The lineup is as fol
lows: ..■_>•'■_..
"VVatsonville. Positions. Oakland
?v°, ri i 0W Catcher Hammond
AVhelan ..Pitcher St-rrnni
&}{» m base Hutchlnim
""Unss.. Second baee Peerlp.i
Brockhoff Th Ird base £a n* t >
McCarthy Short stop Sfhm-'r
" a >f s Left neld*. DVnlmr
S°U: £i n l er « fleI(1 Donovan,
Plake ...Right field Hardiei'
THE TURNER RIFLEMEN.
The prize shooting of the Turners at
their recent annual gathering was a mo
sess so far as finances were concerned,
but not in the matter of Improving any
of the three-shot records. The reason was
that the rifle contests took place in a gal*
of wind that swept down through the
gulch at Glen Park, making regularity in
holding and shooting out of tho question.
The park management had done all po»*J
ble to make the range comfortable, but
money and Ingenuity were powcrle!<»
against the wind from the ocean. Th*
range is new and ten targets elvc all th«.
necessary opportunity fpr shoottnjc. A fij*
shooting shed aft.-r the pattern of a Hwj**
Alpine house has been erected. Owtnf. U*
the range iylrii. across the valley. th« ">t
system of wheels and wire* for tml!c».t\-»y
:he results of the shota had to be '.-.«
--penned with nn.l the system In v»* nt
\\alnut 1 1111, Mam., wu substitute Etc»
•■hots are first shown on th« A i*rr,»: u:d
then the value of the shot tn nti£* '■•
Indicated by displaying hug* tUpnm it
front of the tare<-t.
The Turner* took t^.i-nsturr.'. : |» *n^
Intonyenlenc.s u f the »in«s maA n,*m <*m«
j<clentlously, but there »•» n». rotate* /
in th» matter ..f "famrt," n** # uw - -.t
the tlrst day the rnnt*<*i« tor* ?.»>( ev^nt'i'
(•ash prize*, runjsinu tn,m %» tm :©., tS-«n
shots to the tUhrt. r».#t»r}, * i*r**.'i
twenty-flve-Hn* tartan* AStWtfe " M
best markimt-n *f id* «t«t» t*»l?M &•>•«!
in tho sport. th*> r«»u!t* w«r* urn*' >' • -
torjr. only a few Bftm j m<-utr* u*rt tf» it.
ami those resulted •• jwurfe ftf^r«saS»|
lonowa.
Ft rut prlM, r» W. JtfL««««u»«. V- ■' ntfomr
rs ; 'MS VidiTfc fetl^r
Bir»rk»r. «; «I»ih. «> t t*if« Kotkia -yi; ',
enth. Captain AiUf,*. r . «t m«m* f^*-«i»
M
iweirti U llln.l»|. .; iMrt— l?? »2t' ,,«
Wyi ; , «: fourt^nth. if' uS^TmJm^K
»*v«.ntr«nth. n. *tnlitss«, j- ViifctJ.iftL 5*
Uifkln, M filivn.- " » A , K .,f v
s:»th « illiam r.r.tr-ii-r r>. : «
Special prlsc»-Flr»t bull«.y#, C. -r>«—
bach. $2 CO: last hulls*-v« t < Th : cr^*i_
?chi s c sr?ir rbach ' lio; m<wi 2*-..-j t-n
On it.- .-• ond day the «hooUa« w«« frr
the membcm of the Turnt-ra only thrrS
shots, one c-ntry. Cerman a'rine tnrM, "
William Qiindraiaiin *o, the n?.t pi?l'
a diploma, on 63. Th.> second diploma w«*
won by Otto Burmelster on Or In
M. J. willTß.
Fought to a Draw.
CHICAGO. Aug. 4.- 1 -Turkey Point"
Billy Smith of Philadelphia 7n6 BU W
Rothford of Chicago fought a six-roundDISEASE AND DEATH ARE THE ONLY HARVESTS THAT
AMERICANS CAN REAP IN THE PHILIPPINE ISLANDS
Nature Conspires Against the Suc
cess of the Tiller of
the Soil
PRIVATE W. C. CRAWFORD. Com- ]
»any L — The Philippines are well popu- !
there appears to bo more
and tl I there are ab
lolutely no opportunities, at this time, for
ime for agri
\ ..:■•■ deal of rice
i • m is raised there and I sup
ils could be raised, al
il am no' so sure as to wheat. The
- of poor quality. 1 did not see
I and while there are a great
'iRs of the razor-back variety their
3-sh is hardly fit for food. Americans '
tannot stand it to work in the tields in
limate. The natives and Chinese '
:oolies do all of that kind of work at
.". 1 do not think our labor laws i
>c applied to the Philippines with
White, men soon lose their energy :
mate. I am decidedly of the
spinion that the Filipinos should not be I
made citizens of the United States with
privileges equal to ours.
PRIVATE CHARLES CLAYPOLE. I
Company E— lf I owned the Philippines
[ would rent them out and move to hell.
portion which came to my notice
vas thickly settled with inhabitants, such
■ an . The soil is fertile and its ■
"s nre numerous. However, 1 do
not think a white man could settle there
I manual labor on a farm and mak>>
,t pny. The. climate at its best is not
fuited to our race, but a man could live .
»nd work there as hard as niggers if he
flrst got well acclimated. It would be ''
juite impossible, according- to my way of
thinking, to introduce our home labor sys
tems in the Philippines. The Filipinos d«
most of the work in the interior and the I
3e in the cities. The farming land i
which I saw was of excellent quality. !
Dur agricultural methods could be intro
there, b-it 1 do not believe it would
ible business. For a man
it capital the Philippines is no
.
PRIVATE G. S. COOK, Company C—
•tunity for the introduction of
abor and labor principles In
cidedly limited. The
country is thickly settled and every bit of
• vat- d. Most of the land I
tand is owned by the church or by
: -: iws abundantly
■ inds, but I think it im
raise wheat there. Their corn
iltlful, but the quality Is bad. All in
all. I think it quit'- out of the question for
a whit.- m in to take up a residence in the
Philippines with a view to carrying on
farming profitably. The hops and cattle
ot up to the standard. It is out
lest ■ oipt to Introduce
•us in the' islands. In the
H nat • work for a pit
a white man could not work
: - . - -s he learned
■ and fruit. I am decidedly
any policy which has f
citizens of these na-
Tht :r instincts are low and aa a
1 prove objectionable. A
■ there and work if h
- d not be worth liv
PRIVATE F. D. BRYANT, Company
L — S ■ -■' ' -illation of thf Philip
• ■ :. I think there are
■ there now. There are
• r for obtaining land
.■ ;■ iltura! pur] s. Corn of an In
JULY"S IMMIGRANTS,
Japan Leads in the Nationality of
Last Month's Arrivals.
Thr- total number of immigrants landed
- port for the month of July was
- were males. The natlon
wer< : Japanese, 166; English, M ;
:i Filipinos, 20; Scandinavian.
"" liaw.ri S otch, 17; German, 12;
I2j Italian. 1".
Th« ty-three illiterates, flivided
Mexican, IS;
[rish 3; South American,
- ianish, West Indian,
in and French, 1 each.
The resented werfe: Prot
estani list, 141; Roman Catholic.
lie, 1 : not stated. 4.
The ms were: Farm laborers.
5-; m' : merchants, 43; laborers,
■-. 15; clerks, 11; carpenters, 10.
They 1 with them J30.840. With
the "immigrants and nnt included in the
"=-ty-eight aliens In transit
itnd 178 tourists.
Confiscated Cigars Released.
Internal Rovprnif Collector Lynch was
advised by the Internal Revenue <"""m
--missionp-r yesterday to allow the owners
to i«kf th< tars seized by Inter
nal Revenue Agent Thomas borne weeks
• jr being in boxes bearing counter
feit revenue stamps. The conditions of
ire that the owners shall
pay a nominal fine and replace the coun
terfeit stamps with genuine ones.
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
% "V When death comes to
1 >^ «\ the door of a strong, rugged,
|Sj^*j healthy constitution he finds
1 |S it closed. He is always
Pi c* \% ♦ sneaking
ILflfy&tll J^ 'jzB rou ? d look "
Wt «sti&H ffl s*^Ji& in * for °P en -
I >Wi K£^m ingB throu h
■ — -— __J* \^^"^il which he can
° ° JssE£tJJ invade happy
V^VT & og&sar^ home 9 and leave
S**/\ i i' 1 ! &Qsi& them forlorn and
/*/ I ' ffl] -F desolate. He
— -^f»!vOK? looks for weak places
*I^--rw h£ f$C? and broken doors
""""""^ i/j'^i! H\ which can be easily
'*fm/l I battered down. When
1 Uy£(- I a man's vigor and
LMfe^ov energy begin to
< i&yr vS^v weaken and be-
> S<>Zs 3^^ come uncertain,
1. 2^ 3 then the door to
J^ *^ his vitality grows
shaky and there is an opening for the grim
visitor to enter.
It is commonly said that people die of
this or that particular disease. The truth
is they die of constitutional weakness.
If more people realized this they would
understand why the great "Golden Medi-
cal Discovery" invented by Dr. R. V.
Pierce of Buffalo, N. V . cures so many
cases of ling« 1 coughs, throat, bronchial,
and kindred affections of the air passages.
It gives thorough abundant constitutional
vitality. It gives the digestive and blood-
making organs, where consumption usually
begins, power to do their work completely
so that no poisonous dregs can get into the
circulation"to fasten on the lungs and vital
"^i^have been troubled with bronchitis for
several years." wrltea Mri Orlin OHara of
Ker?us i-'alls. Minn. (Box 114)- In the first
ptacelhad sore thro.it: doctored with different
doctors and took van medicines but got no
1-ntinsr relief We made up our minds to try
the medic ne advertised as Dr. Pierces Golden
Mecikal Discovery. After I had taken one bott c
we thonght we could ice a little change. \y>
l-U got another bottle of the 'Golden Medi-
,overV and also one of • Favonte Pre-
scription.' 'I took them alternately, and in a
few days I began to tee that I was better for
certain. I took eight bottles of Golden Medica
DiscovcrV and two of 'Favorite Pre cr,pt.o '
and really. I have not felt as well in years. I
sl-ep better than I have in twenty years.
Dr. Pierces Common Sense Medical Ad-
viser a 1000 page illustrated book, will be
Bent free by the World's Dispensary Medi-
cal Association for 21 one-cent stamps, to
pay the cost of mailing only, or a more sub--
itautial -bound volume for 31 stamps.
. --: : . .. . - < ".. .
ferlor quality is raised In considerable
quantities, and probably other cereale
could be raised, although that is a ques
tion I could not answer positively and l
have niy doubts as to wheat. Cattl< and
hogs cannot be raised at a profit. Then:
is nothing to feed them with. Americans
cannot labor there in any form of agri
culture. The Chinese and natives do all
that class of work. 1 do not think the
Islands could be made profitable to this
country if our labor laws were extended
to them and the contract labor system
suppressed. People of our rare cannot
live in the Philippines without losing en
ergy. 1 do not think for a moment that
th< Filipinos should be made citizens of
the United States.
"PRIVATE D. R ISAKXELT,, Company
jj— There are plenty of people in the Phil
lpplnes and plenty of land, but there are
no opportunities at present for obtaining
possession of the latter for agricultural
purposes. I do not see why cereals could
not be raised there, although about the
nines I saw growing were rice and
some corn. I am not sure that wheat
would thrive, and cattle and hogs do not
flourish. Americans cannot work out of
doors there. All the work f that charac
- done :>y the natives and Chinese..
especially the' latter. 1 do not think the
Philippines could be. made profitable to
this country if our labor laws were ap
plied there and contract labor debarred.
White men cannot live In that climate
without becoming enervated. I do not
think the Filipinos should be made citi
zens of the United States without a long
period of education and training.
PRIVATE EUGENE MEYER, Com- .
.. The Philippines are Quite thickly
I There are r.o opportunities what
ever for obtaining- land for agriculture ;
at the present time. The only American
cereal that is raised there and the only
one that can be raised there Is corn, and
that is of an inferior quality. The .-oil is
not aiia.pted to other grains that are
In this country, and neither is the
climate. Americans cannot labor i:> the
fields there either in our form of agricul
ture or in raising the native prod
The Chinese and native? do all the h ird
work, but they do not hurt themsi
Tin- Islands would be ruined if our labor
laws were extended to them and contract
prohibited. The climate is not suit
ed to ;..-. pie of our raci . and white men
cannot live there and retain their • I
unimpaired. 1 do not think that the Fill
pinos should be made citizens of the
united States, with privileges equal to
ours. . !
PRIVATE R. E. RILEY. Company 1^- :
There are plenty of people In the Philip
pines and plenty of land, but there
no opportunities for obtaining the latter
fur agriculture at the present time.
Americans cannot do any kind of out of
door labor there either in our form of
agriculture or in raisins the native prod
ucts. Corn is raised there, but other
American cereals will n<>t. in my opinion,
thrive there, as neither '>h»- soil nor i !v
--climate is adapted to them. Some
are raised in the southern islands "f th->
group, hut in the island of Luzon <>• ly
water buffalo and razorback hogs ■
and the latter are not tit to eat. I think
that if th--> Government should pr<
contract labor and extend our labor laws
to the islands th>-- result would be disas
trous. The climate has a very enervat
ing effect on people of our race, sapping
nerEfiir-s in a very short time. I am
strongly opposed to making- the Fill]
citizens of the T'nited States.
PRIVATE GEORGE FISHER. Cnm
pany L — l do not think there is any lack
of population In the Philippines. The
islands appear to be quite thickly settled
and while there is plenty of land there
there are at present no opportuniti- for
obtaining it for agricultural purposes.
TWO LAUDANUM
DOSES FAILED
TO KILL HER
Mrs. Cleo Hill Twice
Courts Death.
SHE WILL NEVER DO IT AGAIN
UNREQUITED LOVE ASSIGNED
AS THE MOTIVE.
Doctors and Officers Work Upon the
Woman and Save Her Life
After a Prolonged
Struggle.
Cleo Hill, a young woman whose heart
had been pierced by the shafts of love,
attempted suicide twice yesterday after
noon without fatal result. The i-econd
time she was on the brink of the great
divide, but a stomach pump and constant
physical exercise for two hours saved .he
life she had tried to destroy. Sho con
sumed a fair-sized bottle of laudanum,
and that was the extent of the damage
done.
Mrs. Hill was formerly a Miss Orin"ur>9
of Fresno. About four years ago, afier a
separation from her husband, she began
the Jife of clinking glasses and wild l.ighta
in the pursuit of pleasure. Los Angcjes
was the scene of her first revelries, but
she soon returned to her native, city,
continuing the course with the sanie de
gree of success. She vied herself
"Cleopatra," but was not of the dusky
order of beauty. She Is a deml-blonde of
melancholic disposition and disposed to.
suicide. This was her third attempt,
counting the two of yesterday as one ef
fort. ■■' -
Thursday afternoon Mrs. Hill left her
home. 2514% Sutter street, and sought her
old companions. Cocktails and other
fluids were quaffed until alcoholic vapors
asserted themselves.
She then visited a lady friend on O'Far
rell street, with whom she passed a few
hours before starting home. Several of
her friends met her and to them she
shouted in ribald mirth that she intended
to end her life.
Early In the afternoon Mrs. Hill was
found on Powell street in a most precari
ous condition. She had swallowed a phial
of laudunum and regretted It, so her
friends carried her to a lodging-house in
the neighborhood and dose number one
was made inefficacious. Mrs. Hill then
visited her sister, who lives on Fifth
street, near Folsom. While the sister's
back was turned she drank the second
potion and repented again. Officers were
summoned and the laudunum-crazed
young woman was removed to the Harbor
Hospital. Here two policemen were
called into requisition, and they walked
the would-be suicide up and down the
floor for two hours. About 8:30 o'clock
last night she recovered sufficiently to find
her way home.
With head erect and swinging gait, blue
tailor-made dress, feather boa and a
jaunty hat of thundering colors, Mrs.
Hill left the hospital, saying she would
"never do it again." Unrequited love is
the cause assigned for the woman's des
perate acts.
Dollie Marlatt Is Arrested.
Mrs. Dollie Marlatt, who left the ark
at the end of Townsend street, where she
lived with her husband and four young
children, last Saturday, was yesterday ar
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALX., SATURDAY, AUGUST 5, 1899.
fc******************************** ** ************ r. *
J r-r\mi Philippines, as they are seen by the soldiers who have just returned from the zvar, consti- * ;
J / tute a theme of- widespread discussion. The interviews published by The Call have given J
* to the people of the United States the first definite, accurate description of th-e islands which *
* have already cost so much in American life and money. In recognition of the importance of the *
i subject The Call presents again this morning a new series of interviews, based upon the queries al- *
J ready outlined. The troops of Nebraska have furnished the information, which differs in no essen- J
J Hal particulars from that already given. . J
*. Tj ie soldiers arc practically unanimous in their conviction that 'the Philippine Islands hive *
J added nothing of valua to the material prospect of Americans. Unfavorable conditions of climate * ;
J outweigh whatever advantages the land may possess. Unfriendly laws and alien ownership preclude J
* any hope of easy possession by Americans. Even as an industrial prospect, much less an agricultural * '
* one, the islands for which American armies are fighting is not, in the opinion of the soldiers, worth j |
i the winning. None of these men, who speak with knowledge and judge zvith intelligence, want to *
£ return to attempt to win a living or wealth in the lands for which they fought. In the interviews J
* presented to-day 'there is much valuable information. ' J j
J *
American cereals cannot, in my opinion.
be successfully raised thjere. Corn Of a
very poor quality is raised, but the alter
nating excessive heat and dampness
would cause such grains as wheat and
oats to i ust. Americans cannot labor
there in any form of agriculture; that is
out of the question. The hard worK is
done by the Chinese principally. 1 rto not
think the islands would be profitable to
this country it our own labor laws were
extended to them and contract and Ber
vile Labor prohibited. The climate is by
no means suited to people of our race
and white men cannot live there and re
tain their native energy. I do not think
for a moment that the Filipinos should
be made citizens of the United States.
PRIVATE F. C. ROBERTS, Company
L— There are plenty of people in the
Philippines now. Tin-re are no opportuni
ties whatever at present to obtain land
for agriculture. Corn is raised there, but
it is of a very poor quality and that is
about the only American cereal that can
be raised there. There Is a rocky for
mation a few feet under the soil so that
while it appears rich it is of very little
value Some cattle and hogs are. raised
in the southern islands, hut none in Lu
zon The only cattle there, am water
buffalo and razorback hogs. Americana
cannot labor there at any form of agri
culture The hard work is all done by
the Chinese and Filipinos. If contract
labor should be prohibited and our own
labor laws extended. to the islands they
would be ruined. People of our race can
not live in that climate and retain tneir
vigor. 1 would say emphatically "No
to the question whether I believe the
Filipinos should be made citizens of the
United States.
PRIVATE W. .1. KOOPMAN, Company
X^-Th^re are enotiKh people in the Phil
ippines now, so far as I could judge, rhe
opportunities for obtaining land tor agri
culture at present are very poor but ot
course they may be hotter after the light
ing i* over. Some corn is raised there,
but so much rain, followed by extremely
hot weather, would cause wheat and oats
T ,, nisi Cattle and noga might be raised
to advantage, but ;»t present only water
buffalo and wild hogs are seen An. r.
cans cannoi labor there at all. The hard ;
work Is all done by the natives and the:
Chinese I do not think the islands
would be profitable to this country if our
labor laws were extended to the Islands
and servile and contract labor prohibltea.
The climate is unsuited to people of our
race and they cannot live there very long
and retain their energy unimpaired. I do
■ not think the Filipinos should be made
citizens cf the United States. If they
wpre there would be no holding- them.
PRIVATE A. E. COLTKIN, Company^
I No the Islands are far from beimr un- i
occupied. The opportunities for obtain
i • [and for agriculture are at pr sent
rv poor, but may be better lnte>- on.:
Corn Is raised there, but I do not think!
other American cereals, such as wheat
:md barley, would flourish. The hot
! weather which follows the heavy rains I
: in a lodglng-houpp at 179 Fourth |
street where Bhe had been living with
.John Tully. H»r husband. Edward Mar
latt, a carpenter, discovered her where
ind scared the people In the house
by flourishing a revolver. Dollie was
taken to the insane ward in the Receiving
Hospital as her husband swore to a com
plaint charging her with insanity, but she
Is not Insane and proposes to make v
uncomfortable for her husband for having
.1 rrested.
THE CAVANAUGH KILLING.
Preliminary Examination of John P.
Wilson Before Judge Mognn.
Thr> preliminary examination of John P.
Wilson on the charge of shooting and
killing Walter Cavanaugh in a saloon at
I Ellis and Mason streets early Tuesday
j morning was commenred before Judge
' Mogan yesterday morning.
When thp cast' was called Prosecuting
Attorney Joachimsen asked for a contin
uance, as he had not received the trans
cript of tht- testimony taken at the Coro
ner's Inquest the previous day. but nx
, Juder- Levy, who appeared for the defend
; ant, -aid that all the witnesses who testi
fied at the Inquest were in court and he
paw no reason for delay. The Judge or
,i. red tho case to proceed.
The witnesses examined for the pros<»
cution were >■'. Connolly: Dr. Zabaia, nu
topsy physician; S. J. Bailey, Mary <"av
anaugn, sister of the murdered man; I>r.
C. >'• Rooker; C. J. Borgfeldt, saloon
fcpppor where the murder took place;
CLEO HILL, WHO TRIED TO END LIFE TWICE IN A DAY.
would cause them to rupt. There are
plenty of water buffalo and wild boga
(razorbacks) in the country, but th> y are
hartily fit for food. Americans cann it
labox there In any form of agriculture.
All the hard work is done by the Chinese
or natives. I do not think the Islands
would be profitable to this country -If
contract and servile labor were prohib
ited and our own labor laws were ex
tended to them. The climate is entirely
unsuited to people of our race, and they
soon lose their energy. I am very much
opposed to the Filipinos being ma It citi
zens of the United States. They are al
together too apt to become tyrants if
given even a little authority.
PRIVATE WALTER TINGLEY, Com
; pany L— -There is no lack of population in
; the Philippines. I do not know what the
opportunities art- for obtaining land for
agriculture. The soil Is fertile and corn
is raised in great quantities although the.
quality is not of the bes.t. 1 believe other
American cereals < ;■. n also be raised In
the Islands. Americans cannot labor there
cither in our form of agriculture or in
raisins the native products; the climate
Is too hot. The hard labor is all done by
the natives and the Chinese, principally
the latter. I do not think the islands
would be profitable to this country if con
tract and servile labor were prohibited
and our labor laws were extended to
them. The climate is enervating and peo
ple of "iii- race cannot live there and re
tain their well-known energy. I am em
phatically opposed to making the Fill
pinos citizens of the United States.
I. M. BULL. Company L— The Philip
; pines are far from 1■ • • i i : *C unoccupied; on
the contrary they are pretty well popu-
I 1 do not know anything about tha
opportunities for obtaining land for agri
': culture. Americans cannot labor there.
i either in our form of agriculture or in
1 raising the native products, such as rice,
hemp, tobacco and sugar. The hard work.
■ both in the country and in the cities is
! all done by the natives and the Chinese.
The Islands would not be profitable to
this country if contract and servile labor
were prohibited and our own labor laws
extended to them. The climate is very
ating and people of our race cannot
there for any length of time and
retain their energy unimpaired. I do not
think the Filipinos should ever be made
citizens of the United States.
PRIVATE SIDNKV EASTMAN, Com
■ pany M— lt is a poor country for a white
mari- thickly settled and productive and
all that but still no place for a white man
to earn or mak<= a living. While it is
possible *o introduce our agricultural
methods there, it is impossible to do BO
profitably. The hogs there are prv.r. xes,
T think they bunkoed our dear old Uncle.
i This country will never be benefited finan
cially \,y the acquisition of the Philip
pines It -would he an outrage to make
tIM natives citizens of the United States.
i The thought of their being on an equal
footing with us is repulsive. The land
throughout the country is rich and cultl
l vated, but most of It belongs to the
Robert P. Hagerty and Policeman Harrl
gan who arrested the defendant.
Their testimony was practically the,
same as given at the Coroner's inquest.
One <<f the witnesses for the prosecution.
Florence Leel was reported to he in hid
ing, and at th" request of the prosecution
a cM-itinuance was granted till to-day to
gi\<- the police a chancp to find her.
Be Sure
To pet the magnificent full-pace half
tone in tint of the "Approaching Storm.
San Francisco Bay," free with to-dny s
News L< t tei . *
AN ANCIENT WILL.
Jacob Martenstein's Testament, Drawn
in 1864. Filed for Probate.
The will of Jacob Martenstein, who died
nt Ross Valley, Marin County. July 29.
leaving an estate valued at $76,100, was
filed for probate yesterday. The will was
drawn April 8, ISi'.t, by the old firm of
Patterson, Wallace &. Stow. The de
ceased bequeaths his entire estate to his
widow. Mary Martenstein, who survives
him. The testator requests, however, that
hi? widow give -all of their children the
share they would have inherited had th«
deceased died intestate, providing, how
ever, that their conduct proved them
worthy of such share. The children are
Peter J., William H.. Emma L., Mary
Ida. Elizabeth E., Martha J. and Minnie
Martenstein, all residing in this city.
I church. The niggers do all the farming
. work. An American laborer would find
I working on a Filipino farm a job which
ihe would soon sicken of. Why, the least
exertion makes a man perspire. In De
cember, January and February the
weather is comfortable, but the wet and
I dry seasons reach the utmost extremes.
CORPORAL FRED ROCKPELLAR,
Company M— The physical conditions ex
isting in the Philippines are excellent —
for the natives. A white man can neither
make money nor be happy there. The
land, 'tis true, is fertile and its products
are numerous; but a white man can't
compete with the negroes. Of course, if
a white man wanted to live there real bad
1 guess be could get along, but he would,
in my judgment, have to stay there fully
two years and become thoroughly accli
mated before he would be worth anything.
If he was a laborer he would have to
work for almost nothing. Labor is cheap
there and the natives are accustomed to
manual labor from childhood. If a man
goes Into a store and buys anything there
arc a dozen little negroes scarcely over
6 years of age waiting outside to pack
the bundle for a small coin. The Filipinos
can pack more on their backs than a
white man. They do all their own dray
ing right on their backs. The introduction
of American agricultural methods in their
farming would enrich the valuation of
the occupation and perhaps better the
products, but I think it out of the ques
tion for a white man to attempt to make
money down in that country by farming.
Wheat cannot he raised there. They have
large corn and rice tields, but for my part
the Filipinos can have them. I am op
posed to making them citizens of our
country.
CARROLL McKEE, Company C— While
the Philippines art> rich in their produc
tions of rice, corn, sugarcane and t'<>!
it is no place for Americana tv go if they
want to live comfortably and make
money. A man with capital might dnd-an
opening, hut a laborer would haw- <i hard
time earning enough money to live on.
Tin' h^st he would get at that would lie
an uncomfortable existence. Even the
natives th^ru complain about the heat, it
takes all the energy out <>f a white man.
The introduction of American labor meth
ods in the Philippines would be simply
out of the question. <>f course they will
Improve thvir conditions and crude cus
toms in time if they come in contact with
Americans to any great extent, but 1 don't
think labor will rench the standard it has
in our own country. Thai's quite natural,
i.hi, when you consider that the avorasje
native lives on rice, fruit and cigarettes.
The country produces large quantities cf
corn and sugar. Every two or thrjee
miles along the mads in the suburbs are
large warehouses where these products
are stored. Their corn is plentiful. i,:it a
whitp man would have a hard time med
dling with the corn-raising business down
there. The country is pretty. Every
thing* that grows there prows abundantly
The grass on which they feed their hi.r.-^s
and cattle is long, but" they have to ;
down on their hands and knees in water
to cut It. It grows in swamps. 1 r>re
CONTRACTS ARE
NOW READY FOR
GRAPE GROWERS
H. J. Crocker Backs
Up His Offer.
THIRTY DAYS' TIME TO ACCEPT
THE DOCUMENT APPEARS TO BE
QUITE FAIR.
Values Based on Saccharine Strength
of the Grapes on Delivery — In
terested Parties May De
feat the Enterprise.
The contract proposed to the grape
growers and winemakers of the State hy
Henry J. Crocker, in which he offered $14
per ton for the best grapes and $12 for
the second quality, was completed yester
day and will be sent out at once. The
value is based on the saccharine strength
of the grapes on delivery and the stipula
tions appear to be fair. Whether or not
Mr. Crocker will secure the necessary
80 per cent of the crop of dry wine grapes
for the term of seven years remains to be
seen. However, the enthusiastic indorse
ment of the proposition by the growers
of Sonoma, Santa Clara and other coun
ties augurs well for the success of the
plan.
While to the layman the contract ap
pears to be unnecessarily technical and
capable of manipulation, to the practical
winemaker it is entirely plain. It fixes
the prices as follows: .
For ripe, sound, merchantable wine
grapea (except Malvasia and Mission), con
taining; not less than twenty-two (22) de-'
grees sugar, according to Balling's scale,
at sixty ( 60) degrees Fahrenheit, crusher
te3t, fourteen (14) dollars per ton, at point
of delivery-
Fore ripe Malvasia and Mission grapes of
the same standard, twelve (12) dollars per
ton. - i '-''.
For grapes falling below twenty-two (22)
degrees, the price to be reduced fifty (50)
cents per ton for each degree or fraction
of a degree of sugar below twenty-two
(22) degrees (Balling) and down to and mi
i eluding twenty (20) degrees.
For grapes falling below twenty (20) de
grees sugar (Balling), the price to be re
duced one (1) dollar per ton -for each de
gree or fraction of a degree of sugar below
twenty (20) degrees (Balling) down to and
Including nineteen (19) degrees.
For grapes below nineteen (19) degrees
sugar (Balling), the price shall be fifty (50)
cents per ton for each full degree of sugar
contained therein, according to Balling's
scale.
For second crop wine grapes the price
shall be seventy-five (75) per cent of the
foregoing scale for first crop grapes.
For damaged grapea, not sound or mer
chantable, or such as will not make good
wine, but suitable for distilling, seven (7)
dollars per ton.
An important stipulation in connection
with the contract provides that at any
time the party of the second part shall
have the right to terminate the contract
■whenever he shall under similar con-«
tracts with other grape-growers be un
able, without litigation, to secure in any
year within the term, at least 80 per cent
of the grapes grown in the State. In such
an event the party of the second part
may upon thirty days' notice in writing
terminate the compact.
In a letter accompanying the document
Mr. Crocker announces that he has se
cured the money to handle the grapes for
Nebraskans Tell of Conditions
That Make Prosperity
Impossible*
sume the Filipinos find farming a profit- '
able business, but I am sure a white in la
would not. It would be a disgrace to even
suggest that the natives should be made
citizens of this country.
CORPORAL BOYNTON, Company M—
The opportunities for securing land in the
Philippines, 1 should judge, are limited.
Most of it is owned by the church or peo
ple connected with it. Under existing
conditions, however, it is a poor place for
a laboring man to go. The quality of
their productions is good. The introduc
tion of improved farming implements
would improve the country Immensely,
but at that I don't think anybody but a
Filipino or a Chinaman could grow rich ]
there. Their labor standard is extremely
low. You can get a nigger to perform al
most any service for a quarter. They live I
on ric - and can afford to work much .
cheaper than a white man. No, I think
it quite impossible to introduce our labor
system. In fact. I believe it out of the i
question. Whether or not the Philippines
will ultimately prove a benefit to this
country I do not care to discuss. I am '
opposed to making the natives citizens of :
thia country under any circumstances.
They are extremely ignorant, and the ma
jority of them are low-bred creatures.
SERGEANT ARTHUR TODD. Company
M — The. islands are no place for a white '
man. They are thickly populated with
negroes who are a decidedly low class of
people. Amencan agricultural methods
could be introduced there successfully,
but the natives only would profit by it.
You see the tabor standard is so low thnt
it is impossible to attempt to raise it. The
heat there is enervating. In the heat of
day they close the stores and business
is suspended. A white man can stand
the climate, but the chances would be
against him. If anybody has an idea that
the Philippines are going to prove a gold
mine for our country let them lose it.
Capital will realize whatever benefit
might accrue — not labor. As for making
the natives citizens of our country 1 think
the idea is outrageous.
SERGEANT FRANK BAKER, Com- I
i pany M— The population is unusually
large tor a country its size, but its na
tives are a crude race. In Manila there ■
) are many educated Filipinos. Some of
: thun live well and dr»ss exceedingly
! neat. A white man can live there if he
i has to, but for his own choosing it is a .
! poor country to live in. The idea of in- '
j troducing American labor customs is ridic
ulously absurd. They have their own
customs-, and it would take years to raise
their standard. The country itself is rich
; and productive, but at that I don't think
it would enrich a white man enough to
compensate for the inconvenience and
hardships he would have to endure on
account of the country's peculiar weather
conditions. In the daytime it is everlast
ingly hot, so hot in fact that the natives
do much of their running around at night
and early in the morning. They do most
of their packing on their backs. Of courne
if horses and modern farming implements
: were imported there the work would be
much easier. I don't think the islands
will benefit the masses financially. It
may prove a gold mine for capitalists.
SERGEANT F. L. HULL. Company M
—The inlands are thickly populated and
most of the land is cultivated. In fact :
every bit that we came across was laid
out in corn fields or sugar cane or ric*
patches. The opportunities for obtaining
land I know nothing about. I presume
a man could buy, land there, hut I don't
think there is much desirable land there :
now that is not under cultivation. The
priests own much of the land. Labor is
cheap and the introduction of our labor
principles is entirely out of the question. '■
The corn they raise is not nearly as good !
us that raised in this country, hut it ;
grows abundantly. Over at Malolos we j
the next spvpti years and is prepared to
carry out his part of the agreement. He
asserts his belief that the grape-grower
and wfnemak'T will be benefited by enter
ing into the contract and says that he
lihs the hearty indorsement of all
branches of the industry in his enter
prise. His only doubt is that th*» wine
maker and dealer may fear that their
business will be hurt and that they m.iy
use their influence t<"> prevent producers
from signing. In concluding his letter Mr.
Crocker says:
'"1 have been the best friend of the
wlnemaker for the last two and a h.ilf
years, and I know of no reason why I
cannot deal with him as snon as I am
assured of enough grapes to make it
worth while taking up that part of the
details."
Producers who desire to do business
with Mr. <'ro>-kpr are given until the 9th
day pf September to sign and execute the
contract. Those best posted on the pres
ent condition and prospects of the indus
try are extremely anxious that th<* plan
should succeed, the theory being that
with the failure of the Winemakers" Cor
poration to reorganize and the rejection
of Mr. Crocker's proposition price cutting
would be inaugurated and the old days of
depression experienced. The result will
not be known till about the close of the
month.
"LAMBS" WILL PAY A
VISIT TO THE IOWA
ARE TO BE THE GUESTS OF TWO
OF THE OFFICERS.
The "Lambs" at present in San Fran
cisco are bidden to a reunion aboard the
battleship lowa next Sunday. The Invi
tation is as follows:
•<)yiz! Oylz! Oylz; Know ye to whom
these presents may come that Lambs
Cranlall and Twinning: will on Sunday,
the «h day of August, in the year of our
Lord eighteen hundred and ninety-nine
and of the independence of the United
States of America the one hundred and
twenty-fourth, expect all Lambs present
in this unholy city to repair on board the
Aquatorian Annex lowa.
"Wherefore ye are commanded to ap
pear at the Union Iron Works about the
hour of three, post meridian, on the day
aforesaid, whence a launch propeller!
without the aid of hands will bear you
to a wondrous punch* brewed by your
fellow Lambs.
•TWINNING AND CRANDALL."
Dr. R. Percy Crandall and Lieutenant
the dr. Mclaughlin method i
A New Way of Curing Disease.
/ j / // Hav3 you a pain In your back, a
'd^&s^&%£''* " weak stomach, weak nerves, Rheu-
A&^f^i^sli J^^^>w matism, Lumbago or any of the many
ailments for which drugs area failure?
m>^^^^jT^^y L j lt 7^Bl^^^k Then stop drugging and try {his im-
v -^ J^'^--=s^P^& proved method of applying electricity.
l^S^S^^^^^^^nlS^ I have devoted twSnty years to its per-
H^^^^^^O^^^^^^^ fection, and it is an absolute ' cure for
s\nv\*rs^^ all these troubles. It has performed
* * 10.000 cures and will not fail.
My electric body belt is worn while you sleep at night. It tills the body
with electricity, with vitality, which restores health and strength.
Call and see it, or let me send you my booklet free.
T% nir 1 HIT t 1-1 •_ 702 Mtrkst St., cor. Keuaj. S. T. .
Dr. M, A. McLaughlin, f^&^r*'™ : BM9al
Offic. Hours-* a.m. to 8:S0 p.m.: Sunday.. 10 to L N^-KR SOLD IN DRUGLJTORE3.
came across some of the prettiest corn
fields I ever saw In my life. They don't
know how to raise it and they don't know
how to shock it. The introduction of our
farming implements would be beneficial,
but 1 hardly think a white mar. would be
able to farm there profitably. The cli
mate can be endured when one gets
thoroughly acclimated, but that takes
some time and in the meantime a. man
is working under discomforting circum
stances.
PRIVATE FRED MANX, Company
M— The Philippines are thickly nettled.
and their natives ;Lr»- prosperous. S>mw
dt my colleagues differ with me in regard
to the possibilities of the country, but I
am still convinced that the Islands will
prove a benefit to our country. Their
farming- land is hard to beat. You can
just say for me that unless 1 thought th^
land was> worth it 1 wouldn't be down
there fighting for it. Around Malolod we
saw the prettiest country you ever laid
eyes on. I think the Introduction of
American agricultural methods pu&jible,
but the introduction of th£ American
labor system is out of the question. Any
thing that can be raised in o\:r Southern
States can he raised down there. Their
sweet potatoes are simply delicious. In
the mountains sold la plentiful, and [
predict thar they will mak" a rich Htnke
there. Right in the streams along the
country through which we passed gold
sparkled. Many of the Montana boys
panned It and said It was excellent in
quality. We wore our blue shirts part of
the time and worked in them, too. .so I
pee no reason why a whit* 1 man can't live
there. I can come pretty near living
there and doing anything those negroen
do. save perhaps puck the load they
shoulder. I would not bf» surprised if
they could pack a stove or a piano. The*
idea of making them citizens of this coun
try is preposterous.
SERGEANT OVIE. Company M--The
introduction of American labor principles
in the Philippines is utterly impossible,
b( cording to my judgment. The natives
and Chinese wofk all day for a quarter,
and. they say. grow rich on those Wages.
The country is rich ami fertile, but I be
lieve it impossible to rais. good cereals
there. Wheat raising is our of the u<-s-
tion. The country is thickly settled and
the people seem prosperous. 1 am op
posed to making the natives citizens of
the T"nit( d States. In any case they would
never be any more than they are now—
of a lower type even than a Chinaman.
PRIVATE E. E. SI'TTON, Company
M— l think I could work in the Philip
pines without much discomfort. After i
man gets used to the elima.te he is all
right, our American methods of agricul
ture could be introduced without much
trouble, but I doubt whether an Ameri
can could grow rich off the products of
the soil. The land thare is hard to get,
and its cultivation would be a lather
tedious occupation for a white man. With
capital a man could clear up a foituiu-.
but a laborer stands little chance. The
introduction cf our labor system and the
abolition of theirs is impossible. Tf h
white man had all the improved imple
ments for farming, with -rood horses, he
could get along all right. Their corn 13
poor in quality— something like our own
ninety-day corn. The islands might bene
fit capitalists who invest their money
there, but T don't think they will ever be a
benefit to the masses of our people.
PRIVATE H. B. COPSEY, Company
M— The idea of remodeling thf> labor sys
tem of th<=> Philippines is impossible. The
Filipinos are of thf sarm- er:td>' a? th^
chinamen, and they work for 25 coats .1
day. I don't think the country is worth
fighting fur. I can work almost any
where at almost anything, hut 1 can't
work in the Philippines. The climate is
not suited to people of our- race. I nm
decidedly opposed to giving the Filipinos
the rights of citizenship.
X. C Twinning of the lowa will be the
hosts and the guests will be T. Daniel
Frawley, PpM? O'Sullivan, Alfred Hick
man. Frank Murray. George l-isk. Frank
E. Lamb, Ignatio luartinetti, Joseph Red
ding. Henry Miller. Guy Standing, Ed
win Stevens. Major Carroll Mercer and
Shaftor Howard. All these gentlemen are
members of the famous Lamb Club of
New Y< rk and this meeting aboard the
lowa is arranged to talk over old times.
STRICKEN WITH APOPLEXY.
A Wealthy Strang-er Dies at the
County Hospital.
M. Allen, supposed to have recently ar
rived from the Klondike, died at the City
and County Hospital last evening of apo
plexy. Allen dropped on the floor ef a
drugstore at sfi2 Washington street early
last evening and was hastily conveyed to
the hospital, where his malady proved
fatal one hour afterward.
On the dead man's person was gold coin
amounting to $2262 65, bui there is little
which would disclose anything of his life.
He was an old man and is supposed to
have acquired his wealth in the frozen
north. The body will be taken to the
Morgue.
Theater Tickets for Merchants.
Managers of San Francisco playhouses
have acceded to a request made by the
Manufacturers' and Wholesalers' League
for ■ reduction in the price of theater
tickets for non-resident members who
may visit the city. The request was made
yesterday by a committee consisting- of
Hen Block and Benjamin Schloes, repre
senting' the league and the Board of
Trade, both of which organizations are
making efforts to induce merchants of the
UVst to do their buying in this city. One
of the league's plans is to get reductions
in railway and hotel rates and, in this
latest instance, theater tickets.
The theatrical men decided to grant the
league's request by making a reduction of
25 per cent.
Elected New Officers.
The Taxpayers' Educational League met
last night in the Phelan building and
elected the following officers to preside
for the ensiling year: D. R. McNeil. ;<;■• si
dent; William Henderson, vice president;
William G. Jobson. financial secretary:
w. H. Bodiish. recording secretary; John
W. Moffitt. treasurer: Dr. G. A. Danziger,
corresponding secretary; Nathan Fisher,
chairman of executive committee; D. J.
Donovan, secretary of executive commit
tee; Judge M. Cooney, attorney of the
league.
56
SATURDAY AUGUST 5. 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to VV. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third St»., S. F
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 22! Stevenson Street
Telephone Main ISTi. . •
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS, 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents.
Terms by Mall, Including Poatas«j
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year f6.<*
DAILY CALL (Inoludlng Sunday Call), 6 month* 8.00
DAILY CALL. (Including Sunday Call). 8 month* 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month <>5o
SUNDAY CALL One Year 1.00
WEEKLY CALL, One Year 1.00
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample oopies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 90S Broadwa>
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
tflmmn&er Foreign Advertising, Marquette- BuildlnJ,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT!
C, C CARLTON Herald Squ*ro
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE.
PERRY LUKENB JR 29 Trlbuno Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf- Astoria. Hotel; A. Brentano, 11 Union Square;
Mttrray Hill HoteL
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE 'Wellington Hotol
J. L. ENGLISH. Corpesoondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Cloy,
open until 9:30 o"clocK. 387 hjayes street, ooen until
9:30 o'clock- 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock-
IS4I Mission street, open until 10 o'clock.. £291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2515 j
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock;. 106 Eleventh ,
street, open uotll 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
California— "Madame Sans Gene."
:nbia— "Hamlet."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Tivol!— "Aida."
Alcazar — "Romeo and Juliet."
Grand Opera House — "Boccaccio."
Chutes, Zoo and Fre« Theater— Vaudev
and evening.
Olympla, corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Interstate Panorama Co.. Market street, near Eighth— Bat-
tle of Manila Bay.
Sutro Baths— Swimming Races, eto.
Racreation Park— Baseball to-Jay.
Glen Park — Grand performance to-morrow.
AUCTION SALES.
By A- W. Louderback— This day, at 2:30 o'clock, Turkish
Rug 9, at 123 Geary strt.-i.
By Yon Rhein & Co.— Thursday, August 10, at 12 o'clock,
Real Estate, at 513 California street.
THE DOLLAR LIMIT.
LT POX all issues involved in the tax levy, whether
direct or indirect, there is but one course for
the Supervisors to take. They have pledged
themselves to the people to confine municipal ex
.tures within a revenue derived from a tax levy
not exceeding $l upon the $100 of an assessment of
$350,000,000 That pledge must be kept. No other
course can be taken that will be either expedient or
honest.
The pledge was not carelessly nor inconsiderately
given. Mayor Phelan had insistently maintained that
the city government could be efficiently supported on
revenues derived from taxation within the dollar
limit. A considerable body of citizens were convinced
by his arguments and it was in response to the popu
lar demand that both parties at the last municipal
election pledged their candidates to fix the tax levy
within that limit. The people rejected the Democratic
candidates and elected an overwhelming majority of
Republicans to the Board of Supervisors. The public
confidence thus shown in Republican fidelity must
not be betrayed.
The Finance Committee of the Supervisors has re
ported an estimate of appropriations for the year
which will be within the limit. That estimate has been
revised by the Merchants' Association and by Mayor
Phelan. The various estimates differ widely in many
respects, but all are within the limit. Out of the sug
gestions thus submitted the Supervisors must make
the best choice possible for the general good. It is
not demanded that either of them shall be adopted as
reported, but it is demanded that the point on which
they all agree, the dollar limit, shall be observed.
The Board of Supervisors which preceded the pres
ent one was dominated by a strong Democratic ma
jority. That majority was faithless to every pledge
and to every expectation of the people. As a conse
quence the voters turned to the Republicans at the
next election. The warning is therefore plain. If
the Republicans who now control the Board of Su
pervisors break faith with the people and prove false
to solemn pledges the party will suffer. If they stand
true and faithful Republicanism will once more have
proven its right to popular confidence.
The issue is not to be evaded. The people demanded
a dollar limit upon taxation, the Mayor recommended
it, the Merchants' Association indorsed it, the candi
dates for office were pledged to it. It must now be
given a full and fair trial. If a revenue so raised be
sufficient for all needs, it is time the people should
know it If it be insufficient, it will be well to have
that fact made known. Whatever the result may be
the Supervisors will stand blameless if they keep their
pledge, and will have the honor due to those who are
faithful to their promises to the people.
David Davis, 92 years old, and Mrs. Lucy Bennett,
aged 86, were married recently at Santa Barbara after
a courtship of seven years. Considering the fact that
Davis made a reputation in his youth as "the Boy
Orator of Virginia," he should have no difficulty in
getting the last word in the bosom of his new family.
Congressman Clark of Missouri seems to think that
God will have a vote at the next Presidential elec
tion. Nothing but the intervention of the Almighty,
says the confident Congressman, can prevent the elec
tion of Bryan.
Although with Buckley on one side and Rainey on
the other the independent Democrat appears to be
between the devil and the deep sea, there's ample
room for him on the highway if he join the Republi
can procession.
When Georgia takes stock this year the lynching
crop will, probably show bigger returns than that of
any other industry, but there will be no profit in it.
After all the Shamrock should have been compelled
to beat the Meteor and get a record before she had
& right to challenge an American champion.
From the exuberance of the reception given to
Alger on his return home it appears that even his
fiends were «Jad, to have him out of office.
SOME PERSONALITIES.
BRIQADIER GENERAL HARRISON GRAY
OTIS of Los Angeles falls to calling names and
applies several epithets derived from the infre
: quent cesspools of the English language to The Call
j and its proprietor.
General Otis makes the mistake that is usual with
men of small caliber of thinking that a name changes
that to which it is applied. He has practiced this
upon himself. When he was gallivanting in the Phil
ippines, dressed in white clothes and a red sash and
other varieties, he thought that calling a thunder
: shower creek "the Rubicon" made him a Caesar when
! his horse waded it. In his mind's eye he saw rise
i around him all the pomp and circumstance that fol
; lowed the great Julius when he turned his back on
; his own province and led his legions upon Rome.
i But the resemblance between him and Caesar was no
! closer than that between a tailless tabby cat and a
j royal Bengal tiger.
His Rubicon dispatch was all that was heard of him
I as a soldier, and he soon followed it across the seas
to put of? his shining war harness and point to ele
: g&nt locations on his ample anatomy for scars that he
failed to get in battle. He has settled down to his
usual uncivil part in civil life and demands that all
men shall agree with him. or take a squirt from his
pen which does as little harm as a thrust from his
sword.
He has discovered that the owner of The Call has
"sugar interests" that will be destroyed by our perma
nent occupancy of the Philippines. He refers thereby
I to the manufacture of beet sugar in California, and the
size of his head is measured exactly by his rejoicing
that its destruction will injure The Call's owner. In
that he is mistaken, except that to destroy the beet
sugar industry by taking the Philippines will greatly
harm thousands- of farmers and incidentally hurt
everybody in the State, including this tin scrap Caesar
himself.
His jocund admission that this great and growing
interest is to be destroyed by the Philippine policy is
a substantial addition to the reasons why California !
should carefully consider that policy before indorsing
it. The Call has only tried to promote this examina
tion by its readers and the people whom it reaches and ]
iuiuences.
Perhaps the tin scrap Caesar of Los Angeles will
submit a statement of the compensating advantages
to the farmers of California which will follow the de
struction of the sugar-beet industry, out of the con
quest of the Philippines. What will the thousands of
. workingmen, thrown out of employment, find to do
, when the beet fields are not planted and the sugar
I mills grind no more? To what equally profitable
variation in their crops will farmers devote their |
land?? What equally profitable means of distributing \
the wages of labor among the merchants will be found
1 to take the place of what our Rubicon forder boasts j
' wil! be destroyed here by conquesting the Philippines? !
We can be amused by the perk and swagger of this |
strutting imperialist. He begs to assure us that "the
punishment of the Filipinos will continue as long as
a native is in open rebellion."
If the punishment were of the kind administered by
this pompous brigadier, the Filipinos would be a good
' risk in any life insurance company. His mere pres
ence in Luzon was the only offensive thing about
him, and as Los Angeles has to endure that the pun
■ ishment inflicted by him upon the people of the two
; places is just the same. His bellow citizens have a
. right to inquire why they are thus put on a level with
I the dusky skulkers who sniggered in their trenches
when- the waters of the Rubicon rose to the fetlocks
of his snorting charger. He says The Call is "gener
ally offensive, " which is more than he was as a soldier.
; He was then generally harmless and inoffensive. But
I when it comes to offensiveness as a man, it is best to
; get to windward of him.
Commenting on the funeral honors paid recently
at Trieste to Isaac Rusk, a jacky on the Olympi.i,
who died on the voyage home from Manila, the Aus
trian press agrees that no one in the Austrian navy
under the rank of a commander would have been
given such a send-off. The Austrian press seems to
forget that Dewey has a way of his own of doing
things.
THE COLLAPSE OF DEMOCRACY.
JAMES H. ECKELS, Comptroller of the Cur
rency during the second Cleveland administra
tion, has recently reviewed the effects of the
leadership of the free silver men upon the Democratic
party, and set forth the results in a manner sufficiently
terse and impressive to be of general interest. He
sums up in this way:
"First — The party given over to socialism in prin
ciples, leadership and following, with the consequent
result of loss in both leadership and following of ail
the business and independent elements of the country.
"Second — The falling away of the organization as
a national one, and the making of it almost wholly a
local one bent only on obtaining local standing and
local offices.
"Third — The elimination of it as a force in the
North and the lessening of its importance in the
South.
'"Fourth — The repudiation by it of all Democratic
principles, history and teaching concerning the money
question, the tariff, the country's courts and the pub
lic service.
"Fifth — The publicly making it the 'lying-in' asylum
of every element of discontent in the country, and the
making possible for political bastardy to claim Dem
ocratic parentage.
"Sixth — The depriving the country of the beneficent
effects of a strong, intellectual, conservative opposi
tion party at a time when grave questions of public
polity, far reaching in their effects, are being dealt
with by the party in power, without the restraining
influence that would follow if the Democratic party
stood for something more than mere agitation an-1
opposition."
No thoughtful and truthful student of American
politics will dispute the essential accuracy of that
summary. Under the leadership of Bryan, Democ
racy has achieved a complete political revolution
within itself, changing from a conservative party ro
one of the most extreme radicalism. Should it come
into power and undertake to carry out the wild theo
ries of its present leaders, it would produce a revolu
tion in the country. A Bryan administration would
be not four years of constitutional government, but
a socialistic experiment through four years of disas
ter, discord and turbulence.
So far as Northern Democracy is concerned, Mr.
Eckels sees no hope. The party in that section of the
country is hopelessly discredited and its abler leaders
have been forced into retirement. To the conserva
tism of Southern men, however, he turns with expec
tation. "It is within the power," he says, "of the
Democrats of the South to prevent a further abomina
tion of the party. If for no other reason than self
preservation they ought to step in and put an end to
the reign of .the socialist and Populist in the party
councils, for the continuation of it means finally their
own elimination, for a Democratic party of influence.
THE SAN FHAISCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 5, 189!).
purpose and character cannot exist in the South with
out an organization of the party of equal virility in the
North."
Mr. Eckels is not the only Northern Democrat
who has turned to the South for aid in the struggle
against Bryanism. but up to this time no such aid has
been forthcoming. Some oT the more influential pa
pers in the Southern States have indeed denounced
Bryanism, and a considerable number of influential
men have supported them, but the mass of Southern
Democrats appear to be as devoted to Bryan as ever.
From the present outlook it is not at all likely any
one will be able to prevent his renomination in 1900.
By its foolish and often corrupt alliances with Popu
lism, Democracy has been infected with socialism
and the virus must run its course to the end.
According to press dispatches, Champion Jim Jef
fries and Banker Isidore Wormser had numerous
heart-to-heart talks on the qualities that win success
during their voyage from New York to Southampton.
The dispatches are probably incorrect. Poker, not
hearts, was the game.
THE COURT-MARTIAL (\T RENNES.
BY all odds the most extraordinary feature of the
Dreyfus case is the convolution of mystery
within mystery that surrounds it. There have
been mistakes of justice before. There is not a laud
on earth where some innocent man has not been un
justly convicted of crime either by the machinations
of enemies, the mistakes of juries or the mischance of
circumstantial evidence. In the case of Dreyfus, how
ever, we have had all sorts of attendant sensations
involving the central wrong. There have been false
witness, forgeries, suicides, and even suggestions of
murder done in military prisons.
This characteristic of the case continues to mark
with mystery the approaching court-martial at
Rennes. The case submitted to that court by the
Court of Cassation is a very simple one, being limited
to the question of the authenticity of the famous bor
derau and the delivery to a foreign power of the docu
ments therein specified. If the court-martial confine
itself to those issues the proceedings need not be
complex nor long. Evidence submitted to the Court
of Cassation convinced that august body of? Judges j
that Dreyfus did not write the one and therefore could
not have delivered the documents. The court-martial
has, therefore, an opportunity to close the matter
promptly, flo justice to Dreyfus and husn the scandal.
For some mysterious reason, however, it seems
probable the court-martial will not take the easy way
out provided for it by the Court of Cassation. Re
ports from Paris imply the military judges will push
the investigations to the limit and reopen the whole
case. If this were done in an open trial, the course i
would be commendable, but it appears likely the court
will be secret and the results of the examinations will |
be known only to the judges. Is it any wonder that
under such circumstances the case should continue to
be not only a Parisian sensation, but a matter of pro
found interest to the whole civilized world?
General Mercier is quoted as having said recently: ;
"Certainly Dreyfus will be convicted again. Either j
he is guilty or I am; and. I shall prove him to be a
traitor." From that statement, it is argued, Mercier j
will claim to have confidential information of the guilt
of Dreyfus and will demand a secret investigation.
It is even said he will involve the German 1 Govern
ment in the affair, and thus force the court-martial to
secrecy for the purpose of avoiding an international
controversy. Such are reported to be the tactics of
the military ring, and the delay in holding the court
at Rennes goes far to confirm the report.
It is to be noted, however, there is a strong ele
ment in France that is desirous of settling the issue
by the simplest and promptest method. The Paris
Herald says:
"If the Court of Cassation, a? it was entitled to do
by statute, had returned a verdict of annulation sans
renvoi, the Dreyfus affair would by this time have
been simply a matter of 'ancient history,' and, in like '
manner, if the Rennes court-martial, avoiding danger
ous ambitions, confines its investigations within the
limits prescribed by the Court of Cassation, the ap- j
peasement, which seems to recede the more the matter !
is investigated, may shortly become an accomplished
fact. There can be no doubt that the Waldeck-Rous
seau Ministry- desires nothing so much as 'appease
ment and reconciliation,' and if, in carrying out its
cwn views, it emancipates the country from the tyr
anny of a certain press it will have deserved well of
the nation and the republic."
General Mercier, France's former Minister of War,
says: ''Either Dreyfus is guilty or I am." The world
at large will have no difficulty in picking the male
factor.
A COMMERCIAL MUSEUM.
» 'ROM the movement undertaken by the Mer
chants' Association to establish in this citya Com
mercial Museum along the lines of that which
lias proven so successful in Philadelphia much good is
to be expected. The association has accomplished so
much in the past there can be little doubt of its ability
to achieve the new undertaking if it find anything like
a sufficient responsiveness from the general public.
The value of such museums has been tested by the
experiment in Philadelphia, and the results have been
gratifying to the promoters. It must be borne in
mind, however, that such a venture cannot be widely
useful if undertaken on a small scale. To build up
her museum Philadelphia has sent agents to every
country in the world to gather up articles illustrating
the industrial needs of various peoples. Thus a manu
facturer can go to the museum in Philadelphia and
learn what kind of machinery, implements, clothing,
luxuries or other articles are in demand in any notable
commercial center of the globe.
A similar museum in San Francisco should include
in its scope at least an exhibit of the commercial needs
of all countries fronting upon the Pacific Ocean. It
should show what species of articles and what varieties
of them are in demand along the Pacific coast of
America, throughout the islands of Australasia and
among the swarming populations of the Orient.
Energetic agents will have to be kept at work and
considerable sums of money will be required to main
tain the exhibits up to date, but the amount will be
more than repaid by the profits resulting to manu
facturers, to merchants and to the community gen
erally.
It is stated the museum suggested for this city will
be aided by the co-operation of that in Philadelphia.
It is quite probable the aid thus given will increase
with the increasing expansion and activity of the two,
for they will be in no sense rivals. Each can accom
plish much more by working together than by work
ing separately, and with a greater economy. Thus the
prospect not only of present help but of the continued
co-operation of the great institution in Philadelphia
is well assured, and that fact, taken together with the
confidence so justly reposed in the enterprises of the
Merchants' Association, ought to sufficiently encour
age the public as to render the establishment of the
museum a matter of but a comparatively short time.
FACTS ABOUT WAR CORRESPONDENTS.
Editor of The Call: The San Francisco
Chronicle for July 27, 1599, contains an
editorial entitled "Generals and Corre
spondents" which contains more mistakes
and mischievous falsehoods per square
inch than can often- be found in any
respectaßle newspaper.
It begins with saying that the Ameri
can people are being misled by war cor
respondents who want to make reputa
tions. Here are two misstatements of
alleged facts. The people are not misled.
The American people are not easily mis
led—never are, as a whole, long at a
time— and speedily sift the facts from a
mass of falsehoods.
Next, the correspondents alluded to are
not troubled about their reputations.
These were established in nearly every
instance before they were sent to Ma
nila, and the men were selected because
of their well earned reputations.
Next "censorship has been established
and maintained • * * ever since war
correspondence was invented. During tne
Civil War General Sherman threatened
to hang Whltelaw Reid, correspondent of
the New York Tribune, and turned Murat
Halstead out of camp in the most sum
mary manner."
Whitelaw Reid was never in th» army
as a correspondent of the New lork
Tribune under any commander. At the
battle of Shiloh he was the correspondent
of the Cincinnati Gazette over ; the sig
nature of "Agate," and got into such dis
favor for telling the truth about certain
regiments and regimental commanders
(and these chiefly from his own State)
that he never cared to return to that dep
artment. The Gazette sent him to
Washington city. His last army corre
spondence was, I think, from the field of
Gettysburg. He always took very high
rank as a truthful correspondent. The
Chronicle dare not deny this.
Again: "He (Sherman) turned Murat
Halstead out of camp in. the most sum
mary manner." There is not a single
word of truth in this statement. Hal-
Btead was editor and proprietor of the
Cincinnati Commercial, confined closely
at home, was never a war correspondent
for any paper in the Civil War. He may
have visited army lines once or twice
and sent home some editorial notes, prior
to the fall of 1862, but he was never at
Grant's or Sherman's headquarters after
that date to my certain knowledge. He
was actively intriguing for Grant's re
moval from command down to and in
cluding the siege of Vicksburg. This I
will prove if any one denies it.
Again: "General Grant also made an
example of another famous correspond
ent. In each case where the presence
of a newspaper writer was tolerated his
letters and telegrams were rigidly super
vised."
Here are two or three falsehoods in a
single Dtence. General Grant never
sent but one correspondent from his
command. This one was a brother-in
law to Wilbur F. Storey, the great editor
of the Chicago Times, who had been re
peatedly warned as to sending contra
band news of war. General Grant never
assumed, or sought to exercise, the
slightest censorship over letters or tele
grams from the army from Cairo to
Appomattox and Raleigh. He took the
only defensible ground for an army com
mander in the very outset. He pro
claimed scores of times that he had
neither time nor inclination to exercise
any censorship. He notified all corre
spondents who approached him on that
subject that they had his full permis
ANTELOPES TRAINED TO BEAT TROTTING RECORDS.
ANEW YORK sportsman is at present training a pair of antelopes in trotting
harness which he expects will considerably lower the world's best trotting
record. The antelope has never before been considered seriously as a
racing machine, but those familiar with them b.elieve that they can be
controlled by careful training as well as a horse, and are capable of won
derful bursts of speed. '
The owner of the first team of racing antelopes is Donald Burns, who is fa
mous as an animal trainer of wide experience. Mr. Burns is at present running
his trained antelopes on a track n?ar his home at Babylon, L. 1., and expects to
have them in condition to take part in regular track racing events some time thi3
fall When Mr. Burns was seen last week he expressed himself as confident that
his strange racers would better the world's trotting record of 2:03 by from tuur to
six seconds. ,
It has been found in training this pair of antelopes that their peculiar nervous
ness or wildnesa gives them an immense amount of life or spirit on the race
course The average antelope, if its training be commenced early enough, ran oe
brought to mind the whip and rein when about two years old, and their racing
life after that is about the same as ihat of a horse. They run very low, as the
expression goes, the body falling several inches when they move at their besf
speed while their long, thin legs move with great regularity and evenness.
Their stride is somewhat different from that of a trotting horse, the step be
ing slightly longer, but it is sufficiently like to allow them to enter a regular
trotting race. Another peculiarity of antelopes is that they can only travel at
their best pace for comparatively short distances. In their natural wild state
they cannot sustain one of their spurts of speed for more than a half to three
quarters of a mile, and it is only by careful training that they can be made to
cover a mile.
This is due to the fact that they are naturally very short-winded, and their
muscles are too slight to withstand any long exertion. Their speediness is due
to the fact that they weigh from three to five hundred pounds less than a
horse, while their legs, with comparatively the same reach of stride, are lighter
and more nimble.
' The sight of a pair of antelopes with their slender bodies and long horns
trotting peacefully about the country has naturally attracted a great deal of at
tention. The residents of Babylon, L. I. have decided that this curious means
of conveyance is merely the freak of some rich man, and the fact that they are
actually training to beat a world's record with much promise of success has
been kept secret.— Philadelphia Times.
PRESS COMMENTS
The Other Side of the Story.
Sacramento Record-Union.
And now- it turns out, after all the hys
terical raving of the chief of yellows, that
the Oregon Regiment had blankets and
overcoats and woolen clothing in plenty,
and that the lot was turned in at San
Francisco by the quartermaster. The men
turned In these necessary articles or
failed to draw them in order to receive
credit for them and draw down the cash
instead. They were therefore alone to
blame for being without the essential
clothing. The Government did not neglect
them or deprive them of a single right.
In the meanwhile these shrewd Oregon
ians have borrowed overcoats and blank
ets from the State of California, and will
draw down coin for their own. There are
usually two sides to every story.
The Coining Automobile.
Healdsburg Tribune.
The automobile is coming to the front
and is apparently coming to stay. The
cable conveys the information that two
autos beat an express train last week in
a run of 226 miles between Paris and St.
Mole, covering the distance in less than
eight hours. The Call's auto now mak
ing the trip across the continent, while
net breaking any records for speed, is
nevertheless getting over the ground
and will probably reach San Francisco
before the century ends, if the repair
shops are not at too great a distance
apart.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
THE SANTA FE— Subscriber, City. The
Santa Fe has no repair shop at Phoenix,
Ariz.
RELATIONSHIP— If John Jones mar
ries Sara Smith's daughter, and Sam
sion to write whatever they pleased from
the army about accomplished facts, pro
vided they told the truth, but must not
indulge in prophecies or conjectures con
cerning future movements or campaigns.
Men of sense, he considered, would not
do this. If the newspapers sent men to
the army ho lacking in sense .is to be
guilty of this offense they must incur
the punishment of having their corre
spondents refused permission to remain
within his command.
Grunt also took the ground that anj
newspaper which the War Department al
lowed to be published should have the
privilege i>f circulating in his armies «
any desired to read them. He earrieu tnw
to the extent of revoking General Jiur
burt's onlei suppressing the Chicago
Times in the military district of Mem
phis pending the siege of Vicksburg, oi
which I have abundant proof.
General Sherman was especially un
friendly to correspondents. He had
Thomas W. Knox court-martialed in front
of Vicksburg. Knox was acquitted. He
would have punished Do BienviUe Ran
dolph Ktim (a Herald correspondent)
severely, no doubt, " during the Ailanta
campaign had not General McPherson or
staff given him notice in time to escape.
What the army commanders of Conti
nental Europe may or may not allow cuts
no ligure in the armies of. tho I niu-u
States. The conditions are too dissimilar.
in addition to the foregoing misstate
ments and falsehoods there is an under
lying opposition shown by the Chronicle
editorial to a general diffusion of infor
mation among the people. It &avors
strongly of the expression attibutud to
Vanderbilt. "The people be d d."
In time of war the press by a law of its
existence becomes a powerful assistant.
Should the press oppose a war the enemy
would consider it an evidence of national
weakness. Should it favor a war it tvould
be thought an evidence of strength.
Should it be mismanaged the Government
and people would suffer.
It is the duty of the press to support the
Government In carrying on all just wars
by publishing true and favorable accounts
of all completed operations and by with
holding any news by which the enemy
might profit. By the law of reciprocity a
corresponding duty devolves upon- tnose
in authority to keep the press informed
upon all that affects the public weal and
to aid it in its work.
When a war occurs in a republic it may
be set down as a postulate that the people
are entitled to and will obtain f ull ac
counts from the field. The true Interests
of Government and people will be best
promoted by complete and truthful ac
counts therefrom.
It is an admitted fact that the efficiency
of an army depends more upon us intel
ligence than its physical development.
Tho press is a great educational factor
among soldiers. Our soldiers are news
paper readers. An army of American
citiz.-ns would be damaged more in its
morale by withholding daily newspapers
tilled with army newa than by being
placed on half rations in the fac? of a
victorious enemy.
It may be considered a certainty that
our citizen soldiers will soon rebel against
any constituted authority which shuts
from them sources of public information.
The highest interest of any administra
tion of any republican Government,
namely self-preservation, must therefore
always embrace the widest diffusion of
news and information affecting its wel
fare. In prolonged wars the existence of
any Government comes to depend upon
the loyalty nf troops and people to the
national cause. S. CADWALLADER.
August 3, 1599.
! Smith marries John Jones' daughter, and
| in course of time each has a son, the re
lation between those two sons will, by
following down the line of relationship,
become nephew and uncle to each other'
Take a day off, trace the relationship and
you will find the result as stated.
THE LAST ADMITTED— A. S., City.
The last two States admitted into the
Union were Wyoming, July 11, 1890, and
Utah, January 4, 1596. There are now in
the Union thirteen original States, thirty
two admitted, making in all forty-Jive
and six Territories. Arizona is a Terri
tory.
COIN QUESTIONS-E. H., Vallejo; K.
A. L., Los Olivos; M. C, City. An Ameri
can half cent of 1804 does not command
a premium: a half dollar of 1855 with O
i under the eagle was issued out of the
New Orleans mint, but it does not com
mand a premium. Five dollar gold pieces
coined after 1534 are not premium coins.
RUST FROM STEEL— T. T., City. The
following is given as a mode of removing
rust from steel, and as- bicycle spokes are
of steel It ought to apply: Rust may be
removed by immersing the article; In kero
sene oil for a few days. The rust will be
come so much loosened that it may be
easily rubbed off. When it is deep seated
i emery paper should be used, but If the
rust is of long standing the article must
be refinlshed.
DENTISTRY— M. R., Oakland. Cal. The
requirements for admission to the College
of Dentistry of the University of Califor
nia are that the candidate must be over 18
years of age, must present to the faculty
! satisfactory evidence of a good moral
character and must be examined as to his
previous education and fitness to appre
ciate the technical study of dentistry. The
exercises are chiefly in writing and em
brace the following subjects: Arithmetic,
geography. English grammar and compo
sition. United States history, natural phil
osophy, elementary chemistry and Latin.
The course of study is three years.
HER PROPERTY— A Subscriber, Val
lejo, Cal. Property acquired by a widow.
before her second marriage is her indi
vidual property, and upon her second mar
riage does not become community prop
erty. Though by virtue of her marriage
she has taken another name she can alSj
Eose of the property that she acqum <l
efore her second marriage in any way
that she desires.
MARKET STREET TRACKS— R<
Clarksburg. Cal. There are but two sets
of rails at this time on Market street be
tween the east line of Fourth and the
west line of Third street; there were up
ro a few months ago four sets of rails,
but two of these were taken up. Two
were used by the cable system and two
by tho old-style horse cars, but the horse
car tracks have been removed.
ARGUND TIME
CORRIDORS
Frank W. Smith, a lawypr of Reading,
is a late arrival at the Lick.
State Senator Thomas Flint Jr. of San
Juan is a guest at the Palace.
L. D. Jacks, a leading citizen of Santa
Rosa, is a guest at the Grand.
Dr. and Mrs. Clews T. Loore of New
York are registered at the Palace.
1). R. Oliver, a mining man of Stent, is
one of the late arrivals at the Lick.
L. A. Spitzer, County Assessor of Santa
Clara County, is a guest at the Grand.
H. H. Harlow, a big mine owner of Gold
Gulch, is a recent arrival at the Grand.
J. G. Scott, a trustee of the Lick estate,
is at the California from his home in
Agnews.
W. K. Hammond, one of the leading
business men of Portland, is a guest at
the Palace.
William Thomas, an extensive land
owner of Chico, is among the late arrivals
at the Grand.
Bradner ... Lee, State Library Trust»«.
Is registered at the Palace from his home
in Los Angeles.
J. W. Basham, a wealthy mining man of
Dawson, is a guest at the Palace, where
he arrived yesterday.
Humphrey B. Kendrlck. one of the most
prominent of the business men of Los
Angeles, is at the Palace.
Kirn B. Surh, a merchant of Chemulpo,
Korea, arrived at the Occidental last
evening on his way home from the East.
H. M. Yerington, a well-known railroad
man and wealthy mine owner of Nevada,
ta registered at the Palace from his ho-ne
in Virginia City.
Dr. E. S. O'Brien, one of the leading
physicians of Merced, and T. C. Freeman,
a prominent attorney of the same place,
are registered at the Lick.
Dr. W. H. La Barre, a member of the
Legislature from Weaverville, is one of
those who arrived in the city yesterday
and registered at the Grand.
E. L. Blanchard of the City Council of
Los Angeles is a guest at the Grand,
where he will remain during the short
time he purposes staying in this city.
Charles Lathrop, director of^the South
ern Pacific Company, has left the city in
his private car for an extended vacation
tour through the different points of in
terest in Oregon and Washington. He is
accompanied by his wife and family.
Harrington Emmerson, a prominent
business man of New York, will shortly
arrive here from Seattle. Mr. Emmerson,
who is a business partner of W. C. Wh:t
ney and August Belmont, comes to the
coast to interest the people of California
In electric launches and automobiles.
Lieutenant Colonel Kitson of the Brit
ish army and Lfeutenant Colonel Lee nf
the Royal Artillery are both registered
at the Palace. Mrs. Kitson accompanies
her husband. Colonel Lee was the Eng
lish military attache with our army dur
ing the late war with Spain and accom
panied the Rough Riders through all of
their most desperate fights.
Governor Gage arrived from Los Ange
les yesterday morning and registered at
the Palace. He will remain here until
this evening, when he will leave for Sac
ramento to receive the report of the Stato
Commission on Lunacy on the condition,
of affairs at Agnews Asylum and will in
cidentally look into the whole matter of
the recent scandals at the different State
institutions.
Gilbert F. Pinchot, chief forester of the
Department of Agriculture, is a guest at
the Occidental, where he arrived yester
day morning. The object of his visit here
is to make a personal examination of all
in this State that pertains to his depart
ment in order that he may submit to nia
superiors in the department an exhaust
ive report on the forests and water supply
of California.
Dr. C. Hart Merriam, head of the Bio
logical Survey of the United States, and
Professor W. H. Dall of the United States
Geological Survey arrived at the Occi
dental yesterday with Dr. Pinchot. They
have all just returned from an extended
trip through Alaska and the northwest,
which was taken for purposes of research
and information connected with their dif
ferent departments.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Aug. 4.— R. E. L. Stegall
and wife of San Francisco are at the
Sturtevant. Charles C. Molver and Ste
phen Mclver of San Francisco are at the
Imperial. Mr. and Mrs. G. F. Nighton
gall and Miss Halnes of Oakland are at
the Bartholdi. Mr. and Mrs. E. P. John
son of Los Angeles are at the Fifth Ave
nue. F. F. Rogers of San Francisco is at
the Hoffman.
Mr. Pruett Was Not Rescued.
To the Editor of The Call— Sir: The
statement in The Call of Sunday, July 30,
to the effect that I was washed off Black
Point, near Twin Lakes, by a tidal wave
and the subsequent daring rescue by
two men, Js positively a false record of
the bluest hue. It was probably based on
the fact that a young man was scratched
on mussel shells while bathing in the
surf near the place mentioned.
J. RALPH PRUETT.
Santa Cruz, Aug. 3.
» ♦ ■
Peanut taffy, best in world. Townsend's.*
Cream mixed candies, 25c lb. Townsend's*
» ♦ ■ .• .
73 Fourth— Best eyeglasses, 15c to 40c
Sundays, 741 Market st., stationery store.*
« ♦ ■ .
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c lb
in artistic fire-etched boxes or JaDane<?p'
baskets. 627 Market st.. Palace hotel bldg •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by iha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Jdon-
goniery street. Telephone Main 1042. •*
Parker Merrill's Estate.
The inventory and appraisement of the
estate of. the late Parker Merrill was filed
lo es bTwo^hn hppraisers fid the estat«
—•♦ « —
President McKinley and his Wife
Will travel over the Northern Pacific Railway
when they visit the famous Yellowstone Park
They Intend viewing the new geyser that
spouts a tremendous stream of boiling water
to the height of the Call building, its a
wonderful sight. Send 6c in stamps for book
telling all about it to T. K. ETATELER Gen
Agt., 638 Market st., S. F.
There are many imitations of Dr Slegerfs
Angostura Bitters— most- of them dangerous.
The genulna Is a household remedy.ALL PARTIES
ARE READY FOR
THE ELECTION
Republican Tickets
Completed.
PRECINCT BOARDS NOT FULL
— ♦
ONE HUNDRED VACANCIES IN j
THE DEMOCRATIC LIST.
♦
The Mayor Should Waste No More ;
Time in Selecting Men to
Fill the Vacant i
Places.
♦
The list of nnmes for positions on the
Precinct Election Boards for the coming •
primary has not yet been completed and I
applications are not numerous. The fact i
that 'or the primary election there is no I
pay evidently keeps many from offering \
their services, though those serving at i
this primary will hold the same positions j
at the general election.
The Republicans are still short a few j
names and the Democrats are probably (
100 short. Mayor Phelan, it is said, is j
using his utmost endeavors to have the i
vacancies filled by Monday night with j
good, willing Democrats.
It is somewhat surprising that there
should be so many vacancies in the Demo
cratic list at the present time. The Mayor ,
ought to do some hustling around to-day
and send in before sundown the names j
of good, capable Democrats to supply the
existing vacancies. Further delay might. j
invite the suspicion that he wants the i
vacancies filled by me favorable to some j
one of the contending Democratic fac- \
tions.
There was talk in political circles last
night to the eftect that the wholesale and
retail liquor dealers-had decided to cast
the weight of their Influence at the prim
ary election in favor of the Buckley Dem
ocracy, it ts known that the Fire l>«--
--partment forces will be brought to the j
front next Tuesday to aid the Rainey-
Kxaminer League. There are premonf- j
tions of a hut time at the election.
Friends of Gavin McNab and Jasper Mc-
Donald were roaring against the Examiner |
yesterday because that papiar opened Its
coluair.s to Sam Rainey's man, George
Gallagher of the Thirty-eighth District.
The followers of the Committee of One
Hundred assert that Gallagher is no
friend of Phelan; but on the contrary is
an enemy who withdrew from the first \
convention that minated Phelan for ,
Mayor and joined in a movement to defeat
Jimmie at the pulls. It is further held
up linst Gallagher that he gave aid and j
comfort to the Supervisors who were
ousted from office by Judgi Wallai • and
restored to power by the Supreme Court.
The further assertion is made by the I
: llowers of Gavin McNab and Jasper Mc-
Donald that Gallagher is now to the front
for the purpose of beating th« daylights
out of a ticket which parades such men
as ex-Judge William T. Wallace, Clarence ;
McKinstr; . Colonel Thomas K. Barry, P.
F. Butler and Bert Schleslnger. . The \
friends of McNab and' McDonald do not
hesitate to declare that the Examiner is \
at heart an enemy of the Mayor, and only I
awaits the signal to knife him.
The Democrats who are beginning to
appreciate the fact that the Examiner is
not a success in boosting Phelan were |
told by The Call some time ago that
Hearst's regard for Phelan was too Insig- ;
nificant to be measured, and that Phelan s
contempt for Hearst was bigger than the
Examiner's istimated circulation.
The publican clubs which were or- ;
ganized under the auspices of the Repub
lican County Committee have finished
their work of lecting delegate tickets to
be voted for at the primary election. Many
»od men have been brought forward. At <
County < 'ommi headquarters last :
night "the prediction was made that the I
tickets so selected would win at the polls
next Tuesday. The regular organization
claims an enrollment of 11,000 Republican \
voters.
The Phelan mass-meeting under the j
auspices of the Democratic Committee of
One Hundred at Metropolitan Temple last j
night was lacking in the chief elements of |
a popular uprising. 'ihe audience, which j
was not large enough to fill the house, ,
was, however, respectful and patient. !
When Mayor Phelan. Judge Wallace and !
Jasper McDonald filed in from the rear i
and took th< Ir assigned places on the plat- I
form the band played "We Won't Go
Home Till Morning." Despite the threat '.
of the music many of the people present
did go home before the meeting was over. ,
Democrats who went to the temple to
hear Phelan and Wallace no doubt ex- •
pected that the old-time bosses, Buckley !
and Ralney, would be Hayed alive; but i
the advertised stalwarts never as much !
as mentioned a boss by name. Reference i
was made to Canada, and the Impression !
was conveyed to the audience that the !
speaker had In mind the flight of Rainey I
or Buckley to that country. The allusion j
was so mild and remote that the Demo
cratic friends of Ralney and Buckley were
not offended.
THE REPUBLICANS.
There was a full attendance of Republi
cans at a meeting of the Thirty-eighth
bly District last night at 1032
Gate avenue. The meeting was
. to order by Dr. 1. B. Dalziel, the
r chairman of the club. After some '
sparring as b< tween two factions, both of
which were anxious to get their favorites
on the list of delegates-, the report of the
executive committee was submitted by I. !
:tz. This report was not to the i
liking of' some of the members of this
committee, and as a result a minority re- j
port was also submitted. The chairman'
put the minority report to Cne house. It'
was claimed that he did not give the men
who advocated the majority report a ;
chance to vote. This led to some bois
wrangling among the members,;
and foar;ng that trouble might ensue the '
chairman declared the meeting adjourned !
after announcing that the delegates i
. in the minority report had been j
• d.
No sooner had the chair become vacant ,
than Vice President Albert! stepped up I
.1 the meeting in Bession and,
Ized C. < '. Morris, who represented!
ajority faction In its choice of dele- j
As a result the Thirty-eighth District
will have two sets of Republican delegates
i n its list. It now remains with the voters
to decide which faction will come out the ;
The Thirty-eighth Assembly District I
illcan League will hold a meeting In !
Mowry'a Hall, corner Grove and I. ami-
Mi streets, this evening. All members of
the party are invited to attend.
An enthusiastic meeting- was held in j
•'a Hall, Eighteenth and Kentucky i
last night by the Thirty-second
Assembly District Republican Club. A,
great many new names were added to the
membership roll. Another meeting will be |
by the club on Monday evening.
Frank W. Marston presided over an en- j
ting in Pixley Hall in the!
Forty-first Assembly District last .night. ■
■•)• made by EL C. Dibble. J.
enson, A. W. Spear, George Walker
and J. 11. Snook.
An Interesting meeting was held last!
night in Saratoga Hall by the Thirty- j
ninth Assembly District dub. A large j
attendance was recorded. The appeal of!
• •..- district club was unanimously in- j
dorsed, as was also the appeal of the j
«>ntral Republican Loasup- Addresses
nn organization and political topics were
red bj William F. Sullivan. J. J.
Sullivan, T. 11. McCarthy, Charles King,
\V. J. Ht-rrln and others.
Three thousand Central Republican I
League posters and 5000 club posters were i
distributed for placing in the district. The
• lub has established headquarters for the
transaction of business at 674 Geary 1
street.
Great Interest was manifested at the!
z ot the Forty-fifth Assembly Dis- i
I lub, which was held In Franklin
Hall last night. John F. Kennedy pie- !
sided Spe< ches wore delivered by Ed- |
mund Tauzkv. John Henderson, A. T.
Hubbard, E. McGinnls, George L. Under
bill, I.eon Prescott and C. Hubbs.
THE DEMOCRATS.
Mayor Phelan Addresses a
Mass Meeting in Metropoli
tan Temple.
A veritable flower Harden was thrown
at James D. Phelan last night at the
mass meeting held In Metropolitan
DISCUSSED THE STATE
FORESTRY QUESTION
DR. PINCHOT, DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE.
A SMALL and informal meeting of those interested in the forestry
question was held in the rooms of 'he Press Club last evening for the
purpose of meeting Dr. Pinchot, head of the Division of
Forestry of th< Department of Agriculture of the United States,
who arrived in the city yesterday from Oregon.
Those present were: Congressman Julius K.-.hn. Professor C. H. Shinn of the
University of California. Professor Charles Emory Smith of Stanford Uni
versity; J A. Fllcher. secretary of thi State Board of Trade; E. A. Denicke.
president of the Mechanics 1 Instant.: Surveyor General J. A. Gleaves and
W. \V. Fowler of Fresno.
Secretary Filcher Introduced Dr. Pinchot, who spoke for a few minutes
r the object of his mission to this coast. He said that though ho had been
some time on the coast he had just begun to realize the magnitude of the
work before him. The forestry question was one winch excited more tnter
•st In this state than anywhere else in the Union with the possible exception
of the State of New York. At present he had one man In the Sierras studying
the timber question there, but such was the size of our State that it would
take a number of men several years to properly set the forestry question well
in hand and prepare comprehensive maps ..f the entire country which could
be used as matters of absolute refer*
Connected with the forestry question, Dr. Pinchot said, were the ques
tions of sheep grazing, forest tires, destruction of the forests by ill-advised
cutting and the Irrigation question. All of these matters would require care
ful looking into and would probably result in the Department of Agriculture
: idvißing Congress to take some step that would result in our trees being
1 effectually protected from utter demolition. Dr. Pinohot closed by saying that
I resent the division of whirh he Is the head is seriously handicapped- by a
lack of sufficient funds to enable it to properly carry out the work it has
mapped out for Itself.
Dr Pli hot came Professor Shinn, who presented the synopsis
of a bill which would be put into the hands of our Congressional delegation
next fall It provides for ihe appropriation ol 12300 annually to five differ
' colleges in the United States to be utilized by said colleges for th: fur
thering of th- study of forestry in their curriculum. The colleges to receive
the donation will be decided upon Dy the Department of Agriculture and it
is expected that the Legislature of the States to which the appropriations
will go will supplement the appropriation by a like one out of their own
Following Professor Shinn Congressman Kahn, Professor Smith and the
other gentlemen present spoke, each adding some opinion to the matter under
discussion. The meeting was purely an informal one and got up merely to
allow those interested in the forestry of our State an opportunity to meet
Dr. Pinchot.
Temple under the auspices of the Dem- ,
ocratic Committee, otherwise known as
the Committee of One Hundred. The
Mayor received the bouquets of rhetor c
with all due modesty and "^led iiweetlj
at his enthusiastic followers in tile audi
eI Ai" the outset of the meeting the hall j
was but comfortably filled and the man- j
agers of the' meeting were sorely dibap- I
nointed but their glum looks gave way ■
to "miles later In the evening when curi- .
cms citizens strolled in and took the va- |
ta The meeting was called to order by ;
JasDer McDonald, chairman of the Com- ,
mittee of One Hundred. After telling
(hose present under whose auspices the
meeting was held he introduced \\ iUiam
T. Wallace as the chairman of the even-
In* The aged jurist was loudly cheered ;
and when the noise had subsided he to d ;
n?s auditors why they had assembled,
and then dwelt on the charter. He sa id
under its provisions the citizens of this
clt v and county would have something
to say about the government which they
support and maintain. He also upheld
it because it did away with bosses.
Tht speaker set the ball a-rolling by
eulogizing Mr. Phelan. He considered
that all should be happy that a gentleman
has been found who is ready to devote .
his talents, youth, ability ami life to the
utrbuiMing of the municipality. liv said
he was sure that Mr. Phelan would be
the first Mayor under the new charter.
Great applause followed the close pi his
speech He then introduced Charles
Iweigert as the first spell-binder oi the
evening.' Mr. Sweigert is a young man
with a fund of anecdote, puns and eulo
gies These he passed out to his audience
unsparingly, and during the half-hour he ,
addressed 'It succeeeded in winnim;
laughter and applause from his listeners.
Before he concluded his address? he shad
; dubbed the Mayor Jan.es ' pewey 1 he
lan and James "Democracy Phelan
' Supervisor Byington next addressee the
meeting He said he did not come to
make a speech, but came to listen to oth
ers He called attention to the iiledjres j
he had taken when accepting Jh- nomina
tion and proudly pointed to nis record us
evidence that he had not proved false r.o
i them He closed his remarks by saying
he had endeavored to abide by th<s plat
form of his party, and assured tho«e pres
ent that he would not betray it, and when
he stepped down at .the end of his term |
it would be with the consolation t.ir.t he
had at least done his duty. This state
ment found merit in the minds of hi« is
teners and they loudly applauded -him.
Colonel T. F. Barry followed with a |
lengthy oration on the party, the charter. :
the. Mayor and the other Democratic
members seated on the platform. The
speech proved too lengthy, and time wa3
called on him by many who were anxious
to hear the Mayor.
Assessor Washington Dodge was given
an ovation when introduced. He modestly
spoke of his own services to the city,
dwelt on good government, highly praised
the charter, and concluded by saying that j
with it In operation and James D. Phelan
at the helm of the ship of state this city
would have the finest government it has
1 ever had in its history. He paid a beau- :
: tiful tribute to Franklin K. Lane, the
City and County Attorney, and introduced I
him to the audience as one who has ren- J
dered untold good for the city. ;
Mr Lane's speech was necessarily short i
but was said to be the best of the evening. |
He advised his hearers what their duties !
were as citizens, and his strong points
struck home, Judging by the applause
which punctuated the speech.
Supervisor Deasy gracefully withdrew in
favor of. the hero of the evening, his
Honor the Mayor.
A. tremendous shout rilled the building
when he stepped forward to deliver his
address. Almost half the audience arose
to its feet and cheered him and waved
hats and canes in his honor. The cheer- ;
ing lasted nearly five minutes, and when
it subsided Mr. Phelan began his address.
He spoke rapidly, as he knew his audi- ;
ence was tired. In quick, sharp, rounded |
sentences he gave advice and warning to j
his audience. He felicitated it on the i
large attendance at the outset, and hav
ing ingratiated himself into the good feel- i
ings of his hearers, spun out his remarks, ■
hardly waiting for the applause to sub
-8 In speaking of bosses he said:
The boss Is the same that he was
when Judge Wallace drove him to
THE SAN THAN CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 5, 1899.
Canada. The lion cannot change his
skin, nor can the leopard change his
spots. They are past regeneration.
They are hu'rrible examples and they
will never be cured. Now, of course,
T have no affiliation with the bosses,
notwithstanding my Republican press
friends. 1 have been lighting them and
they have been fighting me. and in
every flection 1 have "been in fierce
opposition to them. If there are any
followers in the hall who wish to get
b»*hln<l us anil take their chances of
Democratic success they are welcome.
I am not vindictive. But we say we
cannot compromise with the bo«s<-s,
and if they have the faintest control in
thai convention, while you may g^t
canflidat^s to run. they will not be the
first In thr- race. The people of this
city will not have it.
In some districts south of Market
street I am told that they have com
bined for no good purpose. Keep your
eye on your districts and vote the
other way. Consult your neighbors
and friends which is the straight
gouds. I»o not let them pass any green
goods on you. (Laughter. > They use
my name-. T am told, but It ie< without
my authority. While their claims are
glass, the very sun shines through
them, and I am surprised that any of
my friends should for a moment be
deceived. Why, this unanimity Is
fatal. T want to fight. When every
thing comes your way, look out;
there is something wrong, and I have
suspected it from the- first There is
no health or sincerity in these men.
They liav»> no love for what I advocate
and if they were in control here
would they nominate the gentlemen
who stand here on the platform? No;
they are Hessians, and they would
make their trade in the yellow build
ing. They are not actuated by any
spirit of civic pride fir patriotism. You
can't give them enough.
The Forty-fifth Assembly District Dem
ocratic Club met last evening In Garibaldi
Hall on Broadway. F. A. Ohapuis acted
as chairman and R. J. Kstudillo as sec
retary. The principal business transacted
was the appointment of men to take
charge of the polling places at the prim
ary election.
Cakewalk To-Night.
To-night after the regular performance
at the Chute? Theater a Cakewalk for
a comfortable purse and a medal will take
place. Among the participants will be the
best walkers in the recent International
Cakewalk Carnival, and the list will in
clude J. Walker Cole and Florence La
Mont, champion walkers of the. world"
Robert McMahon and Annie Kelly, cham
pions of the Pacific Coast and winners of
the International Cakewalk Carnival dia
mond medal, and John and Martha Stew
art, ihe colored champions of the Pacific
Coast. A grotesque walk will also be a
feature, in which Messrs. Kckstein and '
M.i.utlv. the "clown and yellow kid,"
will be star performers.
City Hall Sanitation.
1 he wretcnert sanitary condition of th<
<'ity Hall ami Hall of Records yesterdaj
engaged the attention' of the Health anc
Police Committee of the Board of Supervis
ors. Chief Plumbing Inspector Bayreuther'i
report was taken up and after a good dea
of discussion the committee decided to re
fer the matter to the Finance Committee
A communication from the Board ol
Health stating that there wss no monej
on hand for the rlnrchnse of fodder foi
the park ambulance horses was also re
ferred to the Finance Committee for im
mediate action.
Be Sure
To get the magnificent full-page half
tone in tint of the "Approaching Storm
San Francisco Bay," free with to-day's
News Letter. "•
Hon. E. J. Rowell Dead.
LOWELL. Aug. 4.— Edward J. Rowell,
president of the Lowell Courier-Citizen
Company, died of heart disease on a train
from Boston this afternoon. The deceased
served several terms in the House of Rep
resentatives and was president of tne
Lowell City Bank.
THE NICARAGUA
CANAL IS YET
HIS AMBITION
Warner Miller Arrives
at the Palace.
Warner Miller, the famous New York :
politician who succeeded Conkling in- the
United States Senate and led the fight
against the opponents of the Nicaragua i
canal, is a guest at the Palace, where he '
I arrived last evening on the overland j
| from Nevada. He has been inspecting ,
some of his valuable Colorado and Ne
vada mining properties and took the op- .
portunity while out on the coast of run- \
ning down to this city and visiting some |
of the old friends who were Interested ;
with htm in 'M in the canal project.
Senator Miller was the man who raised |
the nve or six million dollars that were
i spent in the construction of the canal, ,
ias far as it went. It was through his ,
I efforts that the Nicaragua Construction j
' Company was raised and that the differ- j
ent capitalists were induced to put their \
money in the enterprise. It was he who
brought the necessity of such a water
way atroiigly before the American people,
and it is to his influence and energy that I
is due the passage of the Nicaragua canal
bill twice through the Senate.
When seen in his apartments at the
j Palace last night the Senator said:
•'The necessity for a short water route
from the Atlantic to the Pacific is greater
to-day than ever it was. Not only from
a commercial standpoint has this . fact
I been demonstrated, but from a strategic ,
j standpoint as well. Had the United States j
i owned such a thing as a Nicaragua canal !
i during the last war with Spain they I
would have ■ considered the $150,000,000 j
j spent in its construction as a piece of
very great economy. The administration
, is in favor of such an undertaking being
: put through with all possible speed, and |
: the great majority of the American peo
ple are of the same mind. Twice has ,
the bill passed the Senate, but each time I
■ has it failed to pass the House because
I of the efforts of the opposition and the '
influence that those opposed to the canal j
wielded with the Speaker. Could the bill !
I ever have got before the House it would I
i have passed by an easy three-fourths.
But it wati never allowed a day upon
: which to come up. Every time it wav
j brought forward it was denied a hearing ,
!by tne autocratic Speaker, and conse- j
] quently the wishes of the administration, !
; the benate and the people went for
1 naught.
••'i his opposition, which, though small
In numbers, is very powerful in influence,
is composed of those who got from ten
: to twelve millions out of the clutche* of ;
the thieves of Paris uncl sunk it a<ai:i in
the same scheme that those rascals made
their money out of— the Panama canal.
! They now went to get their money back
from ihe Government of this country,
and will devote every energy to the de
l feat of the Nicaragua canal project until
this end is accomplished.
! "Then again, they are aided and abetted '
! by C. P. Huntington, who sees in the j
project a loss of power over this country
which he now holds at his mercy and a !
tremendous reduction of the freight, rates
that have made him wealthy at rhe. ex
; pense of the fruit raisers and farmers of
i the Pacific Coast.
"Why, we have a bigger population in
the State of New YorK than you have i
contained in the whole Pacific Coast from
Central America to the Alaskan line. )
What is the reason of this? Why, simply I
that while your country is the most fcr- i
I tile and fecund on earth you cannot make
! a decent living out of your lands for the
I simple reason that all your profits are ;
! eaten up .by the rates you are forced to
j pay In order to market your goods. San
I Francisco li farther away from the tr.ar
i kr>ts ol the world than uny Other civilized
' city on the face of the glohe.
"The Nicaragua canal will surely some
I day become an accomplished tact. It may .
i not be when you or I am alive, but it will
surely be sooner or later. I have spent
tea years of my life In furthering the I
project. 1 have spent much money, made !
many sp«»eoh*»*». written ihousanis ot
woids and traveled thousands of miles in
Its Interests. The Government s.iid It
wanted to construct It Itself.
; A- to the Philippines', I think mu-h of
the present trouble ' o<njld have been
i avolned if the proper diplomacy had br-en
used at tirst. Bf> that ns it may, we have
now acquired them and we must keep
them at least until we have established
some sort of law and order In them. The
treatment that Otis accorded Agiiinaido l
1 and his follower* was surely prompted
by the >rders he received from the Gov
ernment at home. There are mauv peo
ple in the East that deplore the mistakes
that have brought about the present sit
uation. But since they have been made
the sentiment of the country is over- I
whelmlngly In favor of living up to them.
That what was done was done with the ,
best possible intent, no one doubts tur an :
i Instant. In public a? well as in private I
■ concerns the aftersicht Is sometimes b*t
; ter thnn the foresight."
Senator Miller will remain her* several <
days. before leaving for his home.
t \ i
II S
t" I NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL jj
| The Most Bitter Family Feud in : \
y. California ::
I! Has lasted 35 years. Six people have been *]
killed. The story in full in next .. .
\\ Sunday's Cali.
First instalime-.t of St-phen Crane"s great **
stor/, 4-
I "ACTIVE SERVICE." jj
t r
II .The latest in medical science,
:: Curing Diseases by Liquid Air. ::
| THE GOD ''.
± OF THE VOLCANO. ?
T X
± Are You Going to Paris in 1900? -|
** How much will it cost you ? Read ••
next Sund y's Call. II
f • f
** Latest Photo of King George of Tonga and ' *
jI His Bride. /Ms >of Ofa. the II
Rejected One. < •■. . \
;; Blanche Bates and Her Successes. ;•
II Hope Roes Te Is the Ladies All About the
** Latest Fad in Hairdressing. "*
\\ Thrilling Experiences Among the Mexican \\
Frontier Smugglers. ••
jj NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL j j
• * *
. 04^^^H•■I^^^^l^^^^^^I^•^^I^^^^^^H"^•^•^^I^^I^^^^^^^I"I"^^I"I"I~H•'^»X•>H•^
TRIED TO HAVE
CASES AGAINST
THEM QUASHED
McPherson Gang to
Be Tried.
A strong but unsuccessful effort wan
made yesterday by the "Brick" McPher
son gang of alleged conspirators to nave
tne proceedings atainst them riuashe:!
when their cases came up for trial before
Judge Treadwell. The effort, however,
failed of its purpose, as the Judge ordered
the ca*es against Smoot, McPheraon,
Clisham and '.Davis" to be taken up next
week.
When the cases of McPhersun and (.lis
hani were called Isaac N. Thorne, who
had sworn to thu original conipiaims
against them, liled an affidavit stating
that he Leiieved the conviction of the de
fendants impossible under the law, and
he desired to withdraw his complaints,
whieli he said were prepared under the
common law of England. Section 11 1.0 or
the Penal Codo provides that tn« oe
lendants cannot be convicted if the raise
pretense was expressed in language un
accompanied by a laise token or writing
subscribed to by tne delendants unless)
the pretense be proved by two witnesses
or that of one witness and corroborating
circumstances." Thorne said he was un
able to comply with these provisions.
Judge Treadwell recognized % tne fact
that the law as stated was correct, hut
he did not deem it his duty to dismiss tn»i
case and wanted the case to bo un im
mediately, but finally postponed the hear
ing of McPheraon and Clisnam uni.il Mon
day morning. Attorney Wilson attempted
to have McPherson's bail reduced, but
Judge Treartwell was obdurate, i-a'.er in
the day \\ Uson sued out a writ of nb.beas
corpus, which was made returnable this
morning before Judge Dunne.
The next move by the defendants also
met with a signal setback. Mrs. Carroll
also refused to sign her complaint against
E N Smoot, and his attorney asked that
he he released. The motion was aenlcd
by Judge Treadwell, who set the bearing
for next Wednesday, and took xjcasion
to say : "
"Mrs Carroll must come to this court
and testify in this case. I want to see
what kind of work is going on. Mis.
Carroll came to me and insisted that
Smoot be arrested. I desire to investigate
the matter." ...
The case of Thomas R. Clisham, jointly
accused with McPheraon, also went j)ver
until next Wednesday. Attorney Mack
asktd that Clishani be allowed to »o back
to Portland, saying that the prosecution
had no intention of pressing the chaises
against him, but simply wanted to, use
him as a witness. Clisham, he said,
would voluntarily return to testify.
The case of the mythical "Thomas R.
Davis," charged with embeulemenl, will
also be heard Wednesday.
Auld Arrested.
R. L, Auld of the Auld-Cook Company,
318 Pine street, was arrested yesterday
afu-rnoon on a warrant, but wus immedi
ately released on his own recognizance.
The Auld-Cook Company's affaird have
been badly mixed. The corporation was
urbanized about two years ago fur the
purpose of carrying on a general stock
brokerage business. Cook and Auld were
formerly in the employ of the late C. P
Harris who failed for over $100. "n) ir. 1895
and was prosecuted criminally by credit
ors up to the time fif his death.
It 'vill be rtmembered that Harris was
1., pleged in his office hy a lot of women
armed with hatpins and brickbat 3.
A Ferry-Boat as a Dam.
The hull of the old ferry boat Alameda >
is to 1 c used as a dam to restrain the How I
<,f the tide, which, washing through, the >
old slough at the end of the lon* Hlrli ;
street trestle in Alameda. has time and ;
again caused the roadbed to sink and
leave the rails suspended in the air. En
gineer Curtia of the Southern Pacific, in
an effort to prevent this, is going 'o try |
the experiment of filling the hull of tho t
old boat with stone and sinking it at the
entrace of the slr.ugh. He thinks this |
will In a great measure remedy the I
trouble by placing an obstruction to the
tide water which washes away the road
bed.
Last Days
of thr picnic sea ion, and for this reason
Xl Campo in drawing larger crowds each
succeeding Sunday.
The \>]K Steamer Vkiah is booked for
four round trips to-morrow, and will pro
vide ample accommodations for all.
Liberty Post.
I^ibPrty Post. Q. A. R.. save an enter
tainment to its friends in B. B. Hall last
night. There was a large attendance and
an interesting programme was offered,
the feature of which was a fancy dri.i by j
sixteen young ladies of Seven Pines Cir
cle in costume.
ADVERTISEMENTS. _______
r^SOISTE^ECURITY.
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of /^^p^^
Vc-ry small ajtd as casr
to take as sugar.
SFF InAD-rrD'c FOR headache. SEE
SLL CARTERS FOR DIIZINESS. 3CC
rriTTTTirc iIITTLE for BILIOUSWESS. rev r ITIW n
GENUINE Hivrb for torpid liver. GENUINE
II PILLS FOR CONSTIPATION.
WPAPPFI? il m FOR SALLOW SKIS. WRAPPFR
WKAmK flgfl [FOR THE COMPLEXION- >] KA^ l!i
. GFJIVINXi MUSTIUVtypHATUPH,
25 cSrts I Purely T^etaftlo..,^^^*^^^
"P>K,I2SrTSID OIST RED PAPER."
MUNYON'S INHALER
@^jk CATARRH
\^Wj? Colds, Coughs.
Ha y Fever, Bron-
j^ 1 '" rKJrV chitiSt Asthma
iM^^i^jSi Kand all Diseases
wfim^ jßf ot the Throat and
Clouds of JlPdlcated Vapor are Inhaled
! through the mouth and emitted from the noa-
I trils, olcaoslnK and raporlzinp all the lnflamrd
and diseased parts which cannot be reached by
i medicine taken Into the stomach.
.It reaches the sore spoil— lt heals the raw
places— lt goes to the seat of disease— It acts as
■ a balm and tonic to the whole system— fl at
druggists or sent by mail. 1505 Arch St., Phila>
i ,^^__^__
I A GENUINE REDUCTION SALE! I
3 ■KM On account of '">ving Eg
? J&llL closed up my Sacra- H
S W^fr mento branch st"re I El
' -\ offer to my patrons and fa
i rfStvbt*. the rubllc in general la
BUSSBIk %'■""'' worth of woolens, fa
Mi£r?f*\ which I wish to turn Into fc|
, i I!«§sslA casn ' before my fall an<! M
J& Wmi**a winter stork comes in. fa]
• |4^Mbb ?i* prices in the window.
I Pig joe POHEIM, |
£ iiiSa THE tailor. X
M Sllj' 301-203 Montgomery st., m
* HfW( 1110-1112 Market st., gj
3 [■:{ la Pan Francisco. f3
V If W 1011 Washington st., ||
f ' t^ii{'>^k l-» 3 south Spring st., ||
j a&' * Los Angeles. Cal. Eg
O O OOOOOOOOOOOOOQ
%'m A LACE "-'-"S
°GFtAND
, Q SAN FHAHCISCO. q
! " Connected by a covered pasia*eway. *J
' ® 1400 Room-— 900 v. . h .ith Attached. *»
|O All Under One . ua«oment. O
i O nBtE THE PRICEP: O
' O EuropeanPlan.Sl.OO per day and upward O
1 -. American Plan. s3.«)O per day and upward rt
w Correspondence Solicited. W
; O JOHN' 0. KIRSPATRICK. M»nagor. O
OOOQOQOOOQOOQQOOOO
§tfHll iiiT 1 ni.< l i />J ''--' n - tjJ ' 7 ' H
DR. MEYERS it CO. ij
j / V\ Cure a " Disease and Weik- H
'/ CH " \ ness of Me Established 8 ■
ITn '*9 I > cir *- Pa/ when cured. I
"i*V Home cures a specialty. r"rae H
bcok for men. Call or write M
Jfy&tf 731 MARKET ST., S. f. f|
\^f ■ E'evator entrance. M
£j«J)| Chiehoter'a Eaciisb Diamond Brsn*.
PennyroYal pills
M »-<Ji^v Original and Only Genuine JL
it f( &i^ Uru<ii«t tor' Chichttlrrt JTn(j!u* I'-t-Jff^L
sr%Ji"^!lfcla. 1 ' "'* l 7 lllf In l£pd » Qd GoU nisl^lie
nrv -OfcvWbox**, t'aled with blue rihhoa. Take \Sr
J&C 4»si Wji>n otlic,-. Rtf**' dar.jrroui tuitHtw V
1/ ~ /jftionjand imitatt iv. At I>ru,;<:i«l«, iricilt*.
I W — ff to >iim;n fnr p irt:cu!»r«. tftfUmtfßiatt a%d
\ XJ» X) " Krtlof Tor f .miles." in UtUr. bj rrtora
—A. £■ il»li. JO.OOO TV- .lmonmli. Naut* PaptT.
v — ""I Ctl"'ic.'«terCSeialcaiCo.,M««»J»o« »<i«uy»
■rla b, all l^eti urujsitu. PI3TI i>A^ FV
; rt IPP nnifll Corner Fourth and
Lflrt HUiAl^-
! Ulll L lIUIIIL. Overcoats and
; Valises checked tree.
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
GRAND OPERA SEASON!
BIGGEST BUSIKESfI ON IfECORD.
PACKED TO THE DOORS NIUHTLY.
MATINEE TO-DAY! MATINEE TO-DAY!
Ma'iiee-** I \ ]C~*"A /\ -Mttinee.
"LL'CIA." I^ast Time Sunday Night.
LAST PERFORMANCE OF
I TO-N CH i "AIDA" TO-MGHT
I Last Time. "AIDA." I^ast Time. "AIDA."
GREAT LIST OF LYRIC ARTISTS.
Powerful Orchestra and Chorus.
* Magnificent Costumes and Scenery.
Next Week— "TROVATORE" and "FAUST."
POPULAR PRICES— 2S and 50 Cents.
Telephone Bush 9.
CHUTES zoi)
EVERY • AFTERNOON AND EVENING!
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
TO-DAY-CHILDREN'S DAY !
FREE CONCESSIONS BEFORE 2:30 P.M.
TQ-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
GRAND CAKE WALK!
Participated in by J. WALKER COLE and
FLORENCE LA MONT. ROBKRT McMAHOK
! and ANNIE KELLY, and JOHN and MARTHA
STEWART. ALL CHAMPIONS!
Reserved Seats by Phone, Stetner 1851.
■ftiriii »»i ii m - — i^P^rY^Mt " S iSiß^S^
*T ■ t SA'GR&MEjSTh
V-g_T«_l6 T>> ■>
(HOICEST Fruits.Wines.Vege-
-t-ables. Grains & Grasses
A GTC&X STOC& SWWJ.
fl§Qfcjs D\tertair\meT\t,
I . Transported fM
Excursion Kates To Visitors.
VfkiTß for Particulars.
, HTERJ. SHIELDS
; SECRETARY. PRESIDENT
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY), Aug. 5.
Parquet, Csc, any seat: Balcony, 10c; Child-
ren, loc. any rxirl
21— EUROPEAN AND AMERICAN STARS—
IDALENE COTTON and NICK LONG,
In the Original Protean Comedietta, "Man-
agerial Troubles."
JOSEPH ADELMAN.
DAVE MEIER.
HERR YON PALSi.
LAURA JOYCE BELL AND CO.
LA FALFALLA.
ELIZABETH .MURRAY.
PHOITES PANTOMIME. THE ELDRIDGES.
Elizabeth Murray's Last Two Appearances.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
HENRY MILLER
SEASON.
MATINEE TO-T-AY. MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT— Last Time
HAMLET !
A GREAT CAST!
NEXT MONDAY-NINTH WEEK-HENRY MILLER.
The London Garrick Theater success.
BROTHER OFFICERS
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
LAST MATINEE TN SAN FRANCISCO OF
THE MAGNIFICENT PRODUCTION
GIVEN BY
MISS BLANCHE BATES
AND HER SUPERB COMPANY.
Presented by T. DANIEL FRAWLEY. of
MADAME SANS GENE
Two More Performances oi This Play.
TO-NIGHT and TO-MORROW NIGHT.
Commencing MONDAY EVENING NEXT.
First Production on Any Stage of Clin-
ton Stuart's Fantastic Comedy,
••THE FAIRY GODMOTHER."
ALCAZAR
ONLY TWO MORE^ NIGHTS OF
ROMEO AND JULIET.
MISS FLORENCE ROBERTS
SUPPORTED BY WHITE WHITTLESET
AND THE ALCAZAR COMPANY.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
Chronicle *ays: "The production was alto-
gether a sign of the times and stage develop-
ment."
OURPBICES 15c, 25c, 35c. 53:.
MONDAY NIGHT "THE LADY OF LYONB."
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
TFH-.EPHONE MAIN 532.
TB3 TALK OF FRISCO!
WHAT!! BOCCACCIO? YC-U BET!!!!
"BOCCACCIO!"
THE FUNNIEST OPERA EVER WRITTEN!
ITS A WONDER!'.
Orchestra ..Sac and 50c|Family Circle lFc
Dress Circle 25clGallery 100
At the Saturday Matineee best reserved seat
for 25c.
Branch box office inside main entrance Em-
porium.
BASEBALL!
Oakland
vs.
Watsonville
TO-DAY AT 3 /»• M.
SUNDAY AT2:3O F*. M.
RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and Harrison streets.
GENERAL ADMISSION.- 25 CENTS
LADIES ADMITTED FREE TO GRAND
STAND. ■•
GLEN PARK.
Minion street and San Mateo cars direct.
THIS SUNDAY- IN FREE THEATER.
Refined and High Class
....VAUDEVILLE....
"THE TRAMP AND GAIETY GIRL."
A laughable farce by Bragg and Ashton.
CONTORTIONISTS, the greatest of all ben-
dera. CUNNINGHAM AND LA JESS.
XYLOPHONIST, EDWARD BADGER, the
musical wonder.
MONOLOGIST. HARRY PAXTON, the fun-
niest man in town.
PRIMA DONNA, AGNES HARDING, the
Queen of Song.
SWINGING PERCH. LA JESS in an entire
new act.
ATHLETIC COMPETITIONS.
Cash prizes will be awarded boys and girls
for all kinds of n>ld sports.
ADMISSION, 10c.
CONCERTS AND BESO&TS.
Dd l» W Those who were ther«
_ i*y the Panorama 1» %
z^S ■" correct representation.
• ■■ Lectures by Prof W.
G. ROLLINS after-
A/l <k*«Sln noons and evenings.
Manila Admission. 50c
*> » Children. 25c.
Bay! __; ■
6UTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M .
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN, 6c.
[ Bathing, including admls»ion, 25c. Children, 20a.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY OF THB MARKETS.
Wheat quiet. Barley t-teady.
Oats and Corn dull.
Arrivals of Hay heavier ngain.
No ohar.ge in Istuffs.
Boans dull at the revised prices.
Onions continue tn advance.
Potatoes and Vegetables unchanged.
3utter firmer. Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Poultry plentiful and ; net.
Fruit market tame and well stocked.
Dried ruits fan-i the same.
S-.Th; new in Provisions.
Previous prices for Meats.
Increased revenue collections.
FRUIT AND SALMON IN LONDON.
The London Grocers^azette says: "The de
, and for canned fruit in London is very good
1 r apricots, peaches ana pears, and the mar
] ,t is almo«i exhausted. The new supply of
: Iricots ™\H 'be arriving via overland In about
a month, but prices have advanced considerablj
San Francisco, which affect the London
: ark." The salmon market is still somewhat
, Dressed li cor.sfiuence of orders being re
,■ loel from "the country. Holders are becoming
■. little mor* anxious" to sell and any change
-. iv b- in favor of buyer*. The supply •■! half
; ur,i tins i* very limited, but the new pack
v. ,j] be arriving overland in about two
1. onthi."
REVEN t.'E COLLECTIONS.
Internal Rerenu< ns in this district
- the first seven months of the year were
30. againsi J1.557,542 for the same time
' st year the principal items being Jblb.i 1 -.' [or
3 r ' . ts, 5154.579 for Tobacco
1 id l/.s: 1 .;:-! ' ir war stamps.
WEATHER REPORT.
flSOth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, August 4. 6 p. m. !
The following maximum temperatures were '
t »ported from stations in California to-day:
: ureka 58 Sail Diego 96
1 reeno £6 Sacramento 74
I os Angeles 76' Independence 80
lusd Bluff S4iYuma 102
:an I^iis Obispo 74 j
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
<".!; nimum, 54; meaj JS.
\7KATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
IRECAST.
The weather throughout the southern portion
ct the Pacific Slope is cloudy and threatening,
v.-hlle generally fair weather prevails in the
northern portion. Showers and thunder-storms
'. aye occurred quite generally south of Idaho
; ad Oregon.
The pressure has changed but little In the
1 ast twenty-four hours.
The temperature has risen In the northern
I ortion of the Pacific Slope and fallen decld
i lly over Eastern Arizona and 'Western Ne
\ ids.
Conditions are very unsettled and are favor
able for showers and thunder-storms through
i it California, Nevada, Utah and Arizona to
i ght and Saturday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
1; <jrs ending midnight. August 5, 1899:
Northern California — Cloudy, probably with
>atter«l showers Saturday; warmer in the
i: terior: light variable winds.
South*. California- Cloudy, with scattered
■ iOwersYuid thunder Saturday; light variable
v Inds.
Nevada— Showers and thunder-storms Satur
<. iy ; warmer In extreme western portion.
Scattered showers and thunder-storms
t- iturday.
Arizona— Showers and thunder-storms Satur
«'iy.
San Francisco and vicinity Cloudy and
; robably occasional showers Saturday: fresh
\.-est wind. G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Aug. 4.— To-day's stock mar
ket was largely devoted to dealings in a few
industrial specialties. Under cover of the
■trength in a few industrials there was a
nark- : tendency to realize in the railroad
list, but the selling pressure there was not
heavy and offers decreased as prices declined.
Union Pacific was subjeot to pressure by un
oonfirmed rumors of a strike on its line. The
stnek broke 14 points on rather liberal, offer
ings and closed at a net loss of a point. The
preferred declined \- The chief movement of
the day was* in Tobacco st ks and Tennessee
Coal. American Tobacco gained an extreme
1 pointß, Continental Tobacco 3%, the preferred
hKi and Tennessee Coal 2%. Late in the day
prices of t!;.-s.' were suddenly let down from
I'd to 24 points, apparently with the purpose
ot shaking off weak followers of the bull
movement- The rumor of a great combination
of coal and iron interests in the South was
added to those recently current to explain the
Tennessee Coal ovement. The vigorous ad
vance of this stock begot some sympathetic
strength in other stocks on the same indus
try. Colorado Fuel. Federal Steel, American
Pmeiting and a number of other stocks ad
vanced from a fraction to over a point.
Sugar was heavy most of the day on account
of the shading of prices in some grades of
refined sugar. The local traction stocks
ehowed weakness throughout, and Consolidated
Gas lost 34 per cent net. Rock Island's June
statement showing an increase in the surplus
after charges of nearly $97,000 compared with
last June failed to hold up the grangers. The
reported large demand for grain for export
was equally ineffective, and this group and
Atchison preferred drifted downward. Some
depression wa-s reflected here from London on
account of the outlook for dearer money there,
and there were some eporta of money trouhlPh
in Berlin. The coming holiday in London and
expected dullness In New York prompted the
closing up of many accounts. To-day's spec
ulative leaders closed feverish and unsettled,
but the general tone was firm at the last.
Kansas City, I'ittshurg and Gulf firsts rose 34
per cent. ' "
There was some activity In mortgages of
Southwestern railroads and In Rope and Twine
Incomes at mixed changes. Total sales,
$1,808,000.
United States 4s advanced M and the 5s V»
in the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Bhares • Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
2,i.*0 Atchison 20%
22.175 Atchison prefd 62%
117 Baltimore <t Ohio ' 48
Canadian Pauiflc 974
200 Canada Southern 531,2
1.400 Central Pacific STY;
E.non Chesapeake & Ohio j;-.
1.550 Chicago Great Western 14%
7,120 Chicago, irlington & Quincy 13«4t
200 Chicago, Ind & Louisville 9V.
ZOO Chicago, Ind and Louisville prefd.. 41 "
835 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 7SV>
3i"o Chicago & Northwestern 160%
5.555 Chicago. Rock Island & Pacific HS'4
6.000 C.. C, C, & St. Louis 57V4
100 Colorado Southern 5
Colorado Southern Ist prefd 47
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 174
1,600 Delaware & Hudson 123
600 Delaware, Lackawanna & Western. 177
Denver & Rio Grande 21>i
620 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 75U.
....... Erie 134
200 Kri» Ist prefd 37
215 Great Northern prefd 166
3.955 Hocking Coal 164
HOCking Valley 234
BSS Illinois Central 114V4
lowa Central 124
170 lowa Central prefd •. 52 1,
--7,820 Kansas City, Plttsburg & Gulf 12 "
400 Lake Erie & Western 21
Lake Erie & Western prefd 80%
Lake Shore 2014
4,620 Louisville & Nashville 74i.
1.046 Manhattan L -. iig
3,200 Metropolitan Street Railway 210%
400 Mexican Central 14%
650 Minneapolis & St. Louis SSU
100 Minneapolis & St. Louis prefd £2vl
f Missouri Pacific 45%
Mobile & Ohio 42
Missouri; Kansas & Texas 12%
■ Missouri. Kansas & Texas prefd 36
New Jersey Central |17
New York Central 13914
400 Norfolk & Western 2m
2.03S Norfolk & Western prefd 71%
2.620 Northern Pacific r,\b
7,575 Northern Pacific prefd 77%
1,000 Ontario & Western 25 5»
Oregon Railway & Navigation 40
Oregon Railway & Navigation pfd.. 74
1,200 Pennsylvania 136V4
Reading 20%
9,520 Reading Ist prefd ii 9%
2.400 Reading 2d prefd 32%
Rio Grande Western 30
Rio Grande Western prefd 78
160 St. Louis & San Francisco 114
800 St. Louis A San Fran Ist prefd.... 71
St. Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 384
9,600 St. Louis *; Southwestern 17^
I 600 St. Louis & Southwestern pr»fd 394
1.150 St. Paui 131%
Bt Paul prefd 174
2.075 St. Paul & Omaha 11l
6.100 Southern Pacific .' 344
300 Southern Railway 11%
2,i>00 Southern Railway prefd BlTi
1000 Texas & Pacific 22
1,945 Union Pacific 434
4.000 Union Pacific prc-fd 77
100 Wabash ■. 7%
100 Wabash prefd 224
Wheeling ft Lake Erie , 9\
lf>o Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 23
625 Wisconsin Central 15%
Express Companies—
Adams 1124
178 American 138
100 United States £0
Wells Fargo 128
P Miscellaneous—
540 American Cotton Oil 42
American Cotton Oil preM f<3
American Malting 17
300 American Malting prefd 674
2.426 American Smelting & Refining pfd. 5614
American Spirits ■ 5%
American Spirits prefd 22
2.C00 Amprican Steel Hoop 34
781 American-Steel Hoop prefd 784
2,510 American Steel & Wir« 58%
292 American Steel & Wire preCd 97%
1.040 American Tin Plate 42
220 American Tin Plate prefd 784
57.450 Amcricaxi Tobacco ....«...* ...11b%
American Tobacco prefd 145 •>
140 Anaconda Mining Co 554 1
16.350 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 115% 1
2,475 Colorado Fuel & Iron 49->; ,
07.-J55 Continental Tobacco 47% j i
22.781 Continental Tobacco prefd 93» i 1
3,120 Federal Steel 60V« M
150 Federal Steel prefd S2V« , ,
300 li, neral Electric 124 j 1
11,665 Glucose Sugar /_•■;'- I
Glucose Sugar prefd l cs (
1,431 international Paper 42 i
550 International Paper prefd <S4 1
100 Lnclede Gas "* t
1.020 National Biscuit 4S : ,2 -
National Biscuit prefd 101 j,
200 National l.»ad 30% I ,
National Lead prefd "''-'*
1.000 National Steel - ■'■■■■ <
500 National Steel prefd 94V4 I ,
100 New York Air Brake 19a h
2.620 North American 12 L
Pacific Coast 3sl 1
Pacific Coast Ist prefd 83 j
Pacific Coast 2d prefd Bo
1.870 Pacific Mail *> i ]
19.155 People's Gas «OV4 .
1,025 Pressed Steel Car >< (
Presse>l Steel Car prefd SN
I. Pullman Palace Car 158 ; ,
500 Standard Rope & Twine 6' |
i 24.660 Sugar l*^
j 100 Sugar prefd .' lj£'j -
! 21.150 Tennessee Coal A- Iron B% | .
600 United States leather _' U '.'.
-.177 United States Leather prefd 72 1 ■
200 United States Rubber SO4,
: ...:... United States Rubber prefd 118 j ,
1,426 Western Union !
474.500 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS. | |
U S 2s reg lOO^jM X & T 2ds 664
Da 3s 108% Do 4s S3 *> j
Do cnup lOS'ilN V Cent lsts — 112 j
U S new 48 reg....129^1N J Cent gen 55...120»4
Do coup 129 ilNorth Carolina 85. 127%
U S old 4s reg.. 112% Do 4s 104
Do coup 113 N P lsts 113 .
CS 5s reg 111% Do 3s 6714
Do coup 1113, Do 4s 103 M) '
District 3.65s 117 N V Chi &St L 46.107%
Ala class A 110 Nor & W con 45... 94%
Do B ......110 Do gen 6s 135
Do C 104 Or Nay lsts 113
Do Currency ....100 Do 4s 101
i Atrh gen 4s 102 O S Line 6s IdU
Do adjt 4? 85H : Do con 5s 112%
; Canada So 2ds ....111 1 Reading Gen 45.... 88%
Ches & Ohio 4>45.. 97% R G W lsts 9S
Do 5s 11SV4 S 1. & 1 M Con 55. 114
; C & X Con 7s 143 - S L & S F Gen 65. 124
Do deb 5s 120 St P Cons 170
Chicago Term 45. .100 s P C & P 15t5....12U«
.D & R G lsts 106 : Do 5s 121"k ;
Do 4s 100% So Ry 5s 10J\i
E T Va & Ga lsts. Standard R & T 6s S4
! Erie Gen 4s 72V4 Term new set 35.. 95 j
IFtW &D C lsts.. 7S Tex & Pac lsts 115 |
Gen Elec 5s 116 ; Do 2ds 55*4
!GH& SA 6s 110 U P4s 105*4 ■
Do 2ds 11l JWabash lsts 117
IH & T C 5s 11l ! Do 2ds 100%
Do Con 6s HI ; West Shore 4s .115
lowa Cent lsts 114 IWIs Cent lsts 76'g ,
KCP & G 15t?.... 6S Ya Centuries ...... 86 ;
La new con 4s 106 ' Do deferred ti !
! L ft N Unl 4s 99T»C010 So 4s 86% j
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 24 Ontario 6 50 I
Crown Point 23IOphir 105
Con Cal & Va 2 15: Plymouth 10
Deadwood 60 Quicksilver 2 00
Gould & Curry 40 Do prefd SOO
Hale & Norcross.. 30 Sierra Nevada 64
! Homestake 65 00. Standard 2 55
! Iron Silver 50jUnion Con 34
Mexican 60 Yellow Jacket 32
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— i Union Pacific 48%
Call loans 3S' ! 1 a iUnlon Land 7^
Time loans 4 (go West End 95
Stocks— ! Do prefd 114
Atch T & St Fe... 20% ; Westinghs Elec 50Vi
! Do prefd 62% Wls Central 16%
I Amer Sugar 161 , Mining Shares-
Do prefd IIS Adventure 9'j
; Bell Tel 34S Allouez Mm C 0... 72
Boston & Albany.. 26o Atlantic 29%
■ Boston Ele 108 Boston & Mont 355
Boston & Maine... 2oo Butte ft 805t0n.... 76
chi Bur & Q 136% Calumet & Hecla..S3,"i
Ed Elec 111 205 Centennial. S.l
Fitchburg prefd. ..llS Franklin 19" 1
! General Elec 12."% Humboldt - t
Do prefd 141 Vi Osceola B9
Federal Steel 60% Parrot 51%
Do prefd S2 Quincy i6l
Mcx Central 14% Santa Fe Copper.. 13%
Miotr Tele 974 Tamarack 222
! Old Colony 205 Winona 12
; Old Dominion 37 1 ,Wolverines 47
Rubber 51 Utah 43%
j THE MONET MARKET.
NEW YORK. Aug. Money on call, steady |
at 34C14 per cent: last loan, 3% per cent; prime !
I mercantile par^r. 4-^4% per cent; sterling ex-
I change easy, with actual business in bankers'
I bills at $4 86@4 86% for demand and $4 82%"9
! 4 82U for sixty days: posted rates, $4 S3VS 4 84
■ and "$4 87@4 87%; " commercial bills, $4 81V4© !
i 4 814: silver .-^rtifi'-atps. 60<8<ilc; bar sliver, j
i 60--^.-; Mexican dollars. 4Sc. Government bonds !
i strong. State bonds, inactive; railroad bonds, ,
I irregular.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON. August 4.— To-day's state
! ment of the condition of the treasury shows: ]
Available cas'.i balance, $275,649,604; gold re- j
Berve, $245,162,266.
; j
THE LONDON MARKET.
I NEW YORK. Aug. 4.— The Commercial Ad- |
j vertiser's London financial cablegram says: j
i The markets here were stagnant and dull to- |
day. Investment stocks -were heavy on the !
I propect of dear money throughout the rcn.ain- J
i der of the year. \
i Americans fluctuated narrowly, closing frac- I
I tionally lower. The bank did a large busi-
I ness, buying £17?,. 000 gold In bars and £83.O»O
! in German coin and receiving £20,000 from Aus
■ trla.
CLOSING. :
LONDON, Aug. 4. Canadian Pacific. 100%; \
Northern Pacific Dreferred, 80; Union Pacific '
• prpf^rred. 79%; Atchison, 21%; Grand Trunk. j
I 7%; Anaconda. 11%; bar Bilver, steady. 27% d !
i per ounce; money, 3 per cent. j
SALES OF SKINS IN LONDON. j
j LONDON. Aug. 4.— At the Mincing Lake
! skin sales to-day 146,557 were offered, which |
! Included a number of Cape of Good Hope and
I Natals. The number sold asgrei?at<-d 139,864.
| A small Fupply 01 better skins were responsi
ble for the strong demand. Long wooled stock i
I advanced a farthing, fine Western %d. Coarse i
j grades were unchanged.
: BRADSTREET'S FINANCIAL REVIEW.
I NEW YORK, Aug. 4.- Bradstreefs financial j
review to-morrow will say: ;
\ At the beginning of the present week th»re
1 was an apparent accession of fresh outside I
: ! speculative buying, but as the week progressed j
i this fell off again and the market reverted to
1 I Its former condition of dullness. The profes
' j sional interests which are responsible for the \
i greater part of transactions generally seemed :
, inclined to bull the market, but this attitude :
was in a certain degree modified by the con
-1 ' tinued firmness of the money market, which
I holds Its recent advance and gives no sign of
; enlarged supplies or a renewal of its former ex
-1 I treme ease. There has been, indeed, no strin- I
: gency and fears that the needs of the crop
1 I moving season, together with the activity of j
' general business, may result In decided scar
i city of funds, are not seriously considered. It
' ■ is however, admitted that extremely low rates
1 1 for money with which to carry securities is at
'■ jan end. and the 44 per cent rate . for time j
'■ I money, which has taken the place of the re
: I cent figure of 3 per cent or less for such accom- I
! modations causes conservatism In regard to
! speculative buying of securities, which al
-1 j ready sell at higher prices. The break in for- i
1 eign exchange this week. indicating that this I
'■ country retains its position as a creditor nation :
I and that gold may be expected to come this j
' i way from Europe in the autumn, was regard
' ! ed with favor, but had no practical effect on
! I speculative sentiment or activity. The very !
1 I favorable character of the June statements of
1 several large railroad systems and the con
tlnuance of increases in the gross earnings of I
1 ' their current weeks keep up the confidence j
of holders In the granger and other properties,
checking any tendency to liquidate. There haa, \
1 however, been much less disposition to manipu- 1
I late properties of this kind in the face of 1
1 ! higher money and th<s attentions of like nature i
, j have been again directed to the Industrial
: stocks and specialties, though the success of ■
I efforts to once more attract public interest in j
i them is as yet not succeeding. The principal j
: I bear factor outside of the money market sltu
■ i ation was the appearance of yellow fever at a
, i Southern port. This led to some selling of
, =hares on railroads considered likely to suffer i
. from the outbreak of a genuine epidemic, but
I the needlessness of fear on this score soon be- I
, came apparent and deprived the matter of
much influence. The subsidence of the recent '
t strikes and the comparative freedom from ■
j ! symptoms of further labor troubles .has been ;
3 : noticed by the "street" as a favorable sign.
i ' London took little part in this maTket, though I
! at the beginning of the week there was some '■
■. buying of our stocks there, said to be on or
j j rier from this side. It i« noted that recent
, 1 large shipments of American securities from '
\ London to New York were partly due to the ;
, Imposition of new am! increased stamp duties |
1 ! by the British Government upen transfers of i
: stock.
' I BRADSTREETS' ON TRADE CONDITIONS.
1 NEW YORK, Aug. 4.— Bradstreefs to-mor
• row will say:
' All conditions indicate the maintenance of
• general trade and industry in an unprecedent
ed midsummer volume. Especially Indicative
• of this are the continued very heavy bank
clearing returns, largely increased railroad
earnings, reflecting a traffic in grain and mer
! chandise generally far in excess of a. year
£ I ago; reports of activity in numerous lines of
I manufacturing: industry, notably in all
i branches of iron and steel and kindred lineo,
woolen g<-.ods, boots and shoes and cotton
I goods and advices from leading markets of a
j satisfactory opening of the regular fall de
i ! mand. with heavy shipments of goods on or
i ders. • ..
With the exception of good products, the
i price situation is generally one of maintained
, strength, advanoea being most numerous In the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, SATURDAY, AUGUST 5, 1899.
line of manufactured goods or In" raw ma
terials for manufacturing industry. Cereals
are all lower on the week, reflecting the gen
[ erally favorable crop outlook and also some
indifference as regards foreign buying of
wheat, though the export demand for corn has
been apparently stimulated by recent price re
actions. All classes of Iron and steel are
either firmly held or tending upward, notable
in this respect being all grades of pig iron
and .steel rails, structural material and bar
iron and steel. Other metals are rather quiet
er, and tin shows some reaction from the
high price reached last week. Wool is' still
moving upward in sympathy with improved
demand for the manufactured article, but buy
ing is more closely confined to manufacturers,
speculative dealing being apparently less no
ticeable. Cotton is steady pending further de
velopments in the crop situation. The an
| thracite coal trade appears, to be well under
control and advances are reported maintained. :
Western and Northwestern trade advices tell
Of expanding fall trade. Shipments on fall ac
! count rrom Minneapolis tax the facilities of
i the jobbing houses. Lumber is firm and scarce
at that center, and advices as to crop condi
tions point to stories of damage by storms and
hot winds being in some respects exaggerated
Increased demand is noted at Chicago and
business with jobbers Is reported never better
at this season of the year. The price of bar
i and pig iron Is up. as are all steel plates
Business failures numbered for the week U6
\ in the United States, against .ls4 ast week
IS9 in this week a year ago, 214 in IS9<, 269 in
: 18 In Canada '"orchis week were 26 failures as
! against 16 last week and 23 in this week a
| >e Wheat!' including flour, shipments for the
week aggregated 4.711.614 bushels, as against
' 3.366.432 last week. 4.111.312 in the correspond
j ing week of IS9S. 3.305.4T7 in 189, , 2,74, In
896 and 1.550,563 in 1895. Since July 1. this
I reason, the exports of wheat aggregate 18,
--| 60S 906 bushels against 14,426.122 last year and
11,655,024 in 1897-98..
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK. Aug. 4.-R. O. Dun & Co. In
! their weekly review of trade, will say: July
i failures have been smaller than In any month
of which there is record, excepting May. and
trading failures smaller than in any other
month. Surprising contrasts are shown by
i comparison of small with large failures in dlf
. fer-nt years, and in no class of business wtth
out some large failures not attributabl- to
present Influences does the aggregate equal the
financial nower
of this • wntry. The Hank of England vir
tually admits that it cannot draw from New
York the gold it needs; exchange moves to the
importing point; over $1,000,000 "arts from
: Sydney to San Francisco; London's net buj lng
of stocks has been 40.000 shares and bills against
produce to be shipped are very heavy. _ o t
. This describes a revolution in finances cot
unlike that in Industries. Europe searching for
1 wool here at 50c scoured and for pigiron at *J>
a ton. with a vast demand for both materials,
: ha« fallen upon the commercial world, wnlcn
this country alone appears able to meet for its
own needs. Wool shipments from Australia
have been surprisingly little below those of last
year but Europe talks of a wool famine while
thi« country has on hand a year's consumption
or more besides this year's clip, and prices
are not yet as high as they were in February
of la«t year, when stocks were many million
pounds larger. Scarcity of Bessemer pig has
caused two steel works at Plttsburg to stop a
day or two and $21 25 to $21 75 has been paid
for 30 000 tons, with $17 75 for gray forge and a
rise of 50c In local coke at Chicago. It is no
' longer a question whether enough can be had
after a while; the trouble is about early sup
plies Orders for plates and structural work
are refused at most points, mills having work
far ahead and for sheets also at Philadelphia,
though new and large mills make things easier
iin plates at Plttsburg. liar iron is in great
i demand instead of steel, being $3 to $4 cheaper,
and new Eastern mills set all the business
they want. The magnitude of the demand, in
spite of high prices, is everywhere a surprise.
Once more Connellsvllle eclips.es itself, with
only 550 ovens idle and 191.541 tons of coke pro
duced for the week. Tin was raised by London
to the breaking point. 33c here being followed
by 31% c. but copper was llrm at lSVic for lake,
though the London visible supply reached 33.800
tons, the largest pince 1597. Lead was quiet
at ?4 60.
\\ hf at weakens, yielding lc. with the aston
ishing receipts at the West of 4.734.363 bushels
for the week, against 3,199,643 last year, and
23 598 189 since June, against 10,608,876 last year.
Atlantic exports for the week. 3,767.787 bushels
flour Included, against 3,026,731 last year, and
12.121.370 since June, against 10,354,951 last y»ar,
continue to support hopes of a great foreign
i demand, with Paciilc exports for the week 355,
--042 bushels, against 014,916 la.«t year. Not less
potent in that regard is the shipment of 4,003.
--• 497 bushels of corn for the week, against 1.734.
--347 lflst year, and 15,688,018 since June, against
8,502.310 last year.
Failures for the week have been I*2 in the
United States, against 196 last year, and 23 in
I Canada, against 21 last year.
BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK. Aug. The following lahle.
! compiled by Bradstreet. shows th« bank clear
j ings at all principal cities for the week ended
■ August 4. with the percentage of increase, and
i decrease, as compared with. the corresponding
week last year:
Percentage
Cities— Inc. Dec.
New VYork $1,010,214,222 39. 0'
I Bost, n 129,011,539 29.6 ....
1 Chicago 121.2C8.524
. Philadelphia 5r,.:.::ri.4i4 33.8
; St. Louis 30.259.03U 28.0
i Pittsburg 21.W1.195 39.6
i Baltimore 17,321 385 6.9
' San ■ rancisco 20.2M.4fi5 36.3
i Cincinnati 13.531.150 28.5
I Kansas City 11,373,853 10.2
! N«-w Orleans 5.:-74.0>.0 .... 4.0
I Minneapolis 8.361,124 54.0
| Detroit 7,858,900 5.6
I Cleveland 10.231.012 29.1
I Louisville 7,809.398 9.9
Providence 6.004,100 29.3
Milwaukee 4.858,647 16.3
St lUI 4.116.214 14.2
Buffalo 4. 441.29!' 19.7
Omaha 6,479,928 .... 7.1
Indianapolis 4.6 M.370 .... 7.0
Columbus, 0 4.430.100 24.
i Savannah 2,001,922 — —
: Denver 3,«88.687 .... ....
I Hartford 2.569,379 3.3
• Richmond 2.517.039 22.7
j Memphis 1.406,311 39.2
i Washington 2.037,464 21.6
Pi rla 1.735.761 15. 2
i Rochester 1.696.727 15.3
New Haven 1,606,881 20.3
Worcester ..• 1.243.233 .... 15.4
Atlanta 1.220,354 15.5
Salt I>ake City 2,321.212 19.5
; Springfield, Mass... 1.854,066 30.8
Fort Worth 1,490.211 10.0
! Portland, Me 1,492,289 ....
j Portland, Or . 1.270,735 .... 22.2
St. Joseph 3,687,450 30.6 • ....
!vos Angeles 1,699,247 28. S
Norfolk 1,176.863 ....
Syracuse 982.832 .... ....
l>es' Moin»n 1.154.77S 23.9
I Nashville 1.176,3t>3 40.6 ....
j Wilmington, Del... 1.050,636 59. 0
I Fall River 732.673 16.3
Kcranton 1.061.071 24.0
Grand Rapids 1.046.052 21.7
Augiista, Ga 119-ij"§l l9 -ij"§ 62 - 6 ■■•;
L-wcll 711.235 11.5
Dayton. oi.iivi ,"..'.'. 9r'2.R2i 33.1
| Seattle 3.2«.506 190.0
■ Tacoma 1.088,607 ."3.6
Spokane 1,173.601 . 65.2
Sioux City ..: 700.938 18.4
New Bedford 3"9,399 .... 7.0
Knoxvi'.le Term ... 575.471 18.8
Topeka 486.577 2.9 ....
Birmingham 552.888 75.7
Wichita 472.181 20.1
Binghamton 425,700 16.9 ....
Lexington, Ky — 312,607
i Jacksonville, Fla.. 171.405 .... 4.7
! Kalamazoo 302,400 14.9
Akron 844.100 .... 22.3
Chattanooga 276.225 22.8
I Rockford. 11l 239.334 62.0
. Canton. O. 248.000
! Springfield, O 224.946 42.3 ....
Fargo. N. r> 249.609 36.3
Sioux Falls. S. D.. 161,156 64.3
Hastings Neb 109.966
Fremont. Neb 104.142 40.6
Davenport 773.613 .... 15. 9
; Toledo 2,423.857 21.1
Oalveston 4.693.900 — 12.1
; Houston 4.729.030 18.5
Little Rock 253.333
i Youngstown 286,824 .... 3.9
i Evansville 517.336 28.3 „..
Macon 420,000 23.8
; Springfield, 11l .... 404.681
! Helena 714,370 41.1
i Totals, TT. S $1,596,778,056 34.6. ' ....
Totals outside of
New York 596.554.434 20.
DOMINION OF CANADA.
trenl ...$ 14-.034.881
! Toronto 8.231.421 10.5
Winnipeg 1.7«7,693 48.1 : ; ....
. Halifax 1.42R.292 .... ',i:?T.,r.
HamUton 675.42S 3.0
St. John. N. B 678.288 .... 1.3
Vancouver 1.00f>,726 .... ....
Victoria ■ 822.205
Totals $ 26,833,998 . 5.1
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Aug. 4.— FLOUR— Receipts,
' : 12.066: exports, 7269; about steady: somewhat
easier on lower grades. General market
closed quiet, unchanged. Minnesota bakers',
. I $2 90®3 10; winter patents, $3 50®/3 75; winter
I straights. $3 20®3 40; winter, extras. $2 40®2 80.
WHEAT— Receipts, 10«.800; exports. 113.953.
Spot firm; No. 2 red, 76% c f. o. b. afloat spot;
No. 1 Northern Duluth. 76 7 f. o. b. afloat
spot; No. 2 red. 74% c elevator; options opened
firm at V*c advance, .which proved to be the
be«t of the session and due to local buying
, following firmer cables, yesterday's liberal ex
port sales and local covering; sold off %c under
realizing, but again rallied and closed steady
i at about the best prices. . September 744@
75% c, closed 75c; December, 76%@774c, closed
' at 774 c.
HOPS— Steady.
METALS— Further weakness in tin was the
• only feature of interest In the metal market
' to-day The additional decline was brought
about largely by a withdrawal of buyers and
freer offerings. Regulation reports from prl
, mary markets did not reveal any striking new
phases and the same was equally true of the
situation abroad. At the close the Metal Ex
change called:
PIG IRON— Warrants unchanged, with $14 75
1 bid and $15 72- asked.
. LAKE COFFER— Unchanged at $18 50.
1 TlN— Weak, unsettled and nominal at $30 30.
LEAD— Steady. with $4 55 bid and $4 60
| asked. '■<■.;''■•
SPELTER— Quiet at 6c. *
The brokers' price for lead is $4 35 and for
copper $18 75.
COFFEE- closed steady 5 to 10
points higher. Sales. 25,250 bass, including:
September. $4 Wai 45: October, $4 45: Novem
ber. $4 '.Off 4 55; December, $4 90; January, $4 90
(54 96; March $5 05; May, $5 10@5 16; June,
$5 20.
Spot Coffee— Rio steadier and more active:
No. 7 invoice, b%c: No. 7 jobbing, 6Uc. Mild,
steadier, with increased demand; Cordova,
7Vi®lle. - ; —V. :.-: :■
SUGAR— Raw strong, with good demand: re
fined strong and tending: upward.
BUTTER— Receipts, 3537 packages; firm:
Western creamery. 156 18 c; fresh factory, 11@
14c; factory. 14*5 14<-c.
EGGS— Receipts, 5507 packages; steady.
Western regular packing, 10@13c at mark.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Aug. 4.— California dried fruits
i steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 64®
I 74c; prime wire tray, SV4@'S4c; v choice, B%@
9c: fancy. 9^@9^c.
PRUNES— 3%@Bc
APRICOTS- Royal, 14c; Moorpark, 14(fl8c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, lKglll^c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. Aug. 4.— The Liverpool market
was the guiding star of wheat traders to-day.
' A real surprise came from the English mar
j ket, quotations there being about '/id higher, a
condition not looked for in view of the de
cline here yesterday. This was afterward ex- \
. plained on the ground of advanced, ocean ■,
I freight rates, but it had its effect on opening
prices here. September starting at 69»ic, an
i advance of V c. A momentary dip to t>9',ic. fol- ,
i lowed, but good buying by short?, mostly lo- |
I cal, resulted in a gradual advance to MX® \
' 69T4C, the highest point reached during the 1
session. Besides the strength shown by Liver
pool prospective buyers were encouraged by
I continued crop damage reports from the North- j
! west and by Snow's crop summary, which made ;
j he condition of spring wheat 85 per cent, or
■ five points less than June 1. This indicated a ;
! total crop of about 275,000,000 bushels, but in- ■
i terest in the market soon died out. The cash
'. demand was almost nothing and only a moder
ate demand was reported from the seaboard. j
The Northwest, which was a seller In this
j market, reported the flour trade quiet and the ;
I first rush of winter wheat apparently over. :
1 The buying demand dwindled to almost noth
i Ing during the middle of the session, and at- |
tempts to realize on early purchases were at- j
. tended with considerable difficulty. Septem-
I ber slowly declined to 69®69Hc and hung
', nr.nind that price until about noon, when the |
1 sudden strength of corn put some life into :
! wheat and resulted in a steady advance, j
j which was continued to the close. September t
■ advanced to 69%@69\c and closed at 69% c, an j
j advance of ',4c.
Corn was fairly active. At the opening the
, market was firm and higher on continued hot
: weather damage, reports. The cash demand
was excellent. Near the close the shorts went
to cover, bidding the market up rapidly. Sep
tember closed with a net gain of V«V'
j Oats were quiet and fairly steady with other
' grains. September closed a shade higher.
Provisions were strong and active. The yel- ;
! low fever situation was more favorable, but j
i the strength was mostly from a sharp advance j
{in hog prices. Buying of all products was ;
I general and prices advanced steadily, the 1
i close being at about the top. At the close
September pork was 20c higher, lard 124 c and :
] ribs 15c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
September «9"i 6976 69 69%
December TIT', 72 71% "i T »
May 74% 75 744 71%
Corn No. 2 —
I September 30% 30% 30i 4 80*
] December 29^ 2,<4 2*4 23
May 30% 304 29% 30
Oats No. 2—
September 19% 19% 19*4 I!>4
December 19»« 20 19% 19%
May 21% 21% 21>i 21^
Mess Pork, per barrel —
i September 8 474 8 «Vi 845 S 624
I October 8 55 S 70 8 50 S- 70
Lard, per 100 pounds —
i September 5 37% 550 5 374 5 474
i October 5 42% 555 5 41" 2 5 52V-:
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
September 510 520 5 074 520
October 515 525 5 124 5 224
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, quiet, steady; No. 2 spring wheat,
; 674 c: No. 3 spring wheat, 67@684c; No. 2 red,
70®71c; No. 2 corn, 3P,2c; No. 2 oats, 20@20>ic:
, No. - white. 23c; No. 3 white, 22rS23iic; No. 2
rye, 52'jc; No. 3 barley, 37c; No. 4 barley, 34c;
i No. 1 flaxsoed. $1 01; prime timothy seed. $2 40® ,
'. 2 45; mess perk, per barrel, $S 5S@B 60; lard. -
' per 100 pounds, $.". 424®= 45; short ribs sides ;
| (loore). $4 9S@5 30; dry salted shoulders (boxed), j
; $5 5065 624: short clear sides (boxed). $5 874®
1 6: whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gallon,
*1 26. ' i
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
: Flour, barrels 7.000 10,000
Wheat, bushels 866,000 700
Corn, bushels 310.000 603,000 ,
' Oats, bushels 599,000 . 579,
, Rye, bushels .' 11.000 ' . l.OX)
I Barley, bushels 13.000 | 2.400
' On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
I market was firm; creamery, 134@174c; dairy,
12@lS4c. Cheese, firm, 9£@loc. : Eggs firm;
fresh. 12% C.
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— Sept. Dec.
Opening 5 8% 5 i'- 4
Closing 5 9 5 10V*
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— Aug. Nov. -Feb.
! Opening 19 65 20 6. «
Closing 1!' 60 20 50
Flour- 43 15
Opening 43 15 27 90
Closing 43 00 27 80
*-- ;> •■;'. -■--, , if;
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
NEW YORK, Aug. 4.— California fruit sold
| to-day: Pears— Bartlett. Jl T'"fi 240 per box;
; Colet, 95c@$l 25. Peaches Susquehanna, 70c@
$1 80 per box; Foster, 65c@Jl 05; Crawford, IMp
'.' ■• •■; Cling, 75c@$l 10; Elberta, 7.".', n;,,- per box.
; Prunes— Si 06'Sl 30 per crate; Tragedy. '
! $1 i:.T;i 4": Hungarian, $1 So@2 05; Oros $1 25®
1 80 per. crate. Plums— $lrtil3s per crate;
Kelsey, 12 25; Purple Duane, 7.">c'iTJl 60 per
crate. Twenty-five cars in the market to-day. I
! The Karl Fruit Company sold California
' fruit at auction to-day, realizing the following
prices:
CHICAGO. Aug. 4.— Grapes— Malaga, single
! crat«>s, average $2 10; Muscat, average $1 85.
, Peaches Early Crawford, average 68070 c; Ki
berta, average 74c: Orange Cling, boxes, aver
age, $1. Pears— Bart let t, average $1 83@1 92.
Plums— Yellow Egg, average $! .i.">. Prunes—
\ Gros, single crates, average $1 61. Twelve cars
sold to-day;' favorable weather.
'■ BOSTON, Aug. 4.— Peaches Early Crawford,
60c{?Jl. average Soc; Foster. boxes. SOo<?fJl, aver
age. "'.'>■; Reeve's Favorite, average s4 C ; Bus
. quehanna, 4."<&95e, average 77c. Pears—Bart
. lett. $1 r>r»Tf 2 20, average $2: half-boxes, 30c®
. .Jl 10, average 90c Nine cars sold.
> PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 4.— Peaches Early
. ■ Crawford, average "■ " : Foster. 7Sc; Elberta,
1 j boxes. 75c@$l, average 95c; Late Crawford,
. boxes, average 97c. Pears Bartlett, : boxes,
. $1 " v.M 70. Plums— Kelsey, single crates, $1 10
. @1 40, average $1 16. Prunes— Tragedy, 95c3
9 $1 15. average, $1 04. Six cars sold; weather
. hot.
MONTREAL, Quebec, Aug. 4.— Kelsey
Plums, single crates, average $1 20: Gros
. Prunes, single crate, average $1 60: Bartlett
Pears, boxes, $1 BO@2, average $1 92.
NEW YORK, Aug. 4.— Early Crawford
7 Peaches, boxes, 60@S5e. average 59c; Foster
. ; Peaches, boxes, average 66c; Crawford Cling
3 Peaches, boxes, average 95c; Susquehanna,
i \ boxes, average 80c; Orange Cling Peaches,
boxes, average 90c: Bartlett Pears, boxes. $2 10
. <§ 2 40. average $2 23; half-boxes, average $1 10;
Bradshaw Plums, single crates, 7.'m"ssl 05,
. average We; Yellow Egg Plums, single crates,
. 90c£f$l 10, average $1 07. Twenty-four cars
. ! sold.
3 EASTERN' LIVESTOCK MARKET. .
1 • CHICAGO
CHICAGO. Aug. 4.— CATTLE— Receipts to
• day were too light to make much of a market.
! High grade cattle were strong and about 10c
I higher, but commoner grades sold slowly. Good
. to fancy cattle sold at $5 Ss@6 05, commoner
. grades bringing $4 40@5 30; stockers and feed
- ers. $3 2".(Jj 4 SO;, bulls, cows and heifers. $2 25<??
. 5 25: Texas steers. $3 90®5 35: calves. $467 10.
HOGS— Hogs were again on a boom and the
scramble for offerings resulted in an advance
of 10<§20e. Heavy t hogs sold at $4 05®4 75:
mixed lots at 14 35iji4 SO. and light at $4 70tf
• 4 90: pigs brought $3 75®4 SO and culls J2*J3 90.
SHEEP- Heavy receipts of sheep and lambs
again cut prices, most sales being made at
prices 10@15c lower for sheep and about 25c
lower for lambs; sheep were, salable at $2*!?
• 325 for inferior up to $4 50®,', for good to choice
natives; lambs sold at $"!S4 25 for culls up to
• J5<S6 for choice lots.
Receipts— Cattle, 1500; Hogs, 13.000; Sheep,
• 11, COO.
.PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
'. PORTLAND. Or.. Aug. 4.— Clearings, 139,916;
t balances. J27.847.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET. .
r OREGON.
'• PORTLAND, Or., Aug. The wheat market
; - is practically unchanged, although Walla
: Walla could be worked to-day at 57c, and It Is
t reported that sales have been made in excess
i of that figure. Valley continues neglected and
c Is nominally 57%@58c; Bluestem, 59c.
I WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Aug. Wheat, unchanged: Club,
r 56c; Bluestem, 55c.
• FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Aug. 4.— Consols. 105%: silver,
2754 d; French rentes, 99f 606; wheat cargoes off
t coast, buyers and sellers : apart; cargoes on
t passage, nominal, unchanged: No. 1 standard
i California, 2!»s: English country markets, weak.
LIVERPOOL, Aug. 4.— Wheat, firm; wheat
v in Paris dull; flour in Paris, dull,
c COTTON— 3%d. . V-V-J
CLOSING. • i -V
WHEAT— Spot. No. .1 Northern spring, firm.
5s i lid. Futures closed steady; SeDtember, 5s
9d ; December, 5s 10V«d.  . .
>. CORN— Spot, American mixed new, steady, 3s
3?4d; American mixed old, steady, 3s 4<-id. Fu
tures, quiet; September. 3s 3T£d; October, 3s
4Vvi: November, nominal.
Receipts of wheat during the past three days,
198,000 '-entals, including 110,000 American.
Receipts of corn durlns the past three days,
125,000 centals.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange 60 days — **!},,
Sterling Exchange, sight — ♦ 37J4
Sterling Cables — 4 88*
New York Exchange, sight — 1°
j New York Exchange, telegraphic — 1- -
Mexican Dollars 49% 5 °
Fine Silver, per ounce % — 60
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Chicago < pened steadier under an
advance of Vid at Liverpool and Argentine ship
ments of only 700.000 bushels. The weather in
the Northwest v.as reported favorable, but the
mercury was down to 34 and 36 degrees in Man
itoba. New York reported 75 loads for export,
I chiefly No. 2 red for Portugal.
! Toward the close Corn weakened on rains in
j the West, and this started selling of Wheat.
j But it was the smallest kind of a scalping mar
ket and almost stagnant.
The local situation was undisturbed. _ .
Bpot Wheat— Shipping, $1 03%<izl OS; milling,
$1 oS»i<§l 12%.
CALL BOARD SALES. ;;.
Informal Session— f»:i:> o'clock December—
SOOO ctls $1 00%; $000, $1 10; 10.000. $1 10',g.
Second Session— December— ctls, $1 10»i.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2ooo !
1 ctls, $1 10' i: 22,000, $1 10%; 8000. $1 10%.
Afternoon Session— December— lo,ooo ctls,
' SI 10%.
ISA RLEY— was a gradual recovery in
I futures. Spot prices were steady. Chevalier
was quoted higher under a good demand . for
shipment. ' ; \
F.-ed. 80986 c; Brewing, 9Ofj:9sc; Chevalier,
i $1 13@1 22^ per ctl. ■ : '.V'-.-v
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
ctls, 82% c; Seller '99, new— 2ooo, 80»ic; 4000,
So%c; 14,000, 81c. >
Second Session— December— 2ooo ctls, 82»ic;
2000 S3c: Seller '99, new— 2ooo, 81% c.
Regular Morning SesWon- December— 2ooo ctls,
: S3».;c: Seller '99. new— Sl»;c. .
I \fternoon Session— December— ctls, 83<ic; j
2000, 83% c; 2000, 83% c. May— 84c. . ]
OATS— Government has just bought 1000 j
! tons i.r white Oats tor Manila, but as they were •
; bought in the East the purchase does not help
; this market any. Trade continues dull at un
i changed <iuotations. * ; V;V ;
White $130^140. and red $1 O7'-i@l li% P«r
I ctl: Black. 97Vi'3$l 05. ■ tu
CORN— The market is dull and weak at the
i decline. Small round Yellow, $1 25<f 1 35: East
-1 crn large Yellow, $1 07«4@l 10; White, SI 07%®
: 1 10; mixed, $1 07% per ctl; California White,
nominal.
RYE— 9o®92%c per ctl. .
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— California family extras. S3 60@3 75, |
1 usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40@3 55; Oregon :
j and Washington. $3 40@3 60 per bhl. for extra,
I $3 25@3 40 for bakers' and $2 25@3 for super
i-flne. .
i MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
j lows, usual discount to the trade; Graham j
j Flour. J3 25 per 100 lbs.; Rye Flour, $2 76; Rye
! Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal. $2 50: ex
| tra cream Cornmeal. S3 25: Oatmeal. $4 50<&"4 10:
Oat Groats, $4 75: Hominy. $3 25©3 50; Buck-
I wheat Flour. $4?f4 25: Cracked Wheat, $3 15:
I Farina. $4 50: Whole Wheat Flour. $3 SO; Rolled
, Oats (barrels). $6 55@6 95; In sacks, $6 35@6 75;
■ Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas. J4 50; Green Peas,
'■ $5 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS. I
Receipts of Hay were heavier agaiii, and the |
j market continued dull and weak. . Feedstuff ,
' stood the same. '
BRAN— Sie<ri 17 per ton. j
MIDDLINGS— £0(319 r,O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Barley. $19 50 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill. 527@28: jobbing. |
|2S 50@29; Cocoanut <"ake. $2C''u'2l; Cornmeal,
SU3 50(824 30: Cracked Corn. $24(325: Mixed i eed.
$16@16 .'0; Cottonseed Meal, $2S per ton.
HAY— Wheat. $7©B 50 for good and $3 for
choice; Wheat and Oat. $fi 60®8: Oat. $5. 50@7 50:
Barley, 1507; Island Barley. Ss®6; Alfalfa, $5»
7 sft per ton: Compressed Wheat, $9@lo.
STRAW— 2O®4Oc per bale. /
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beans are quiet at the revised quotations, and :
the feeling is weak.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 SO<sl 90: Small White, $2 05
' ©2 15: Large White. $1 85®1 80: Pinks, $2 25®
i 2 35; R»ds. nominal; Blackeye, $4 15^4 25: But
ters, nominal; Limas. $4 10@4 20; Peas, $2@2 25;
Red Kidneys. $2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard" 2^i'S'3c; Flax, nominal; Canary Seed,
2*ic per Ib : Alfalfa. SH@9^c: Rape. 3@3!£c:
Hemp. 4Vi«4%0; Timothy, 4%@5%c^
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 25@1 50; Green. $1 50
©2 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Onions continue to advance. Potatoes remain
stationary. Vegetables are in the same old rut,
as usual at this time of the year.
POTATOES— Garnet Chfles. Jligl 10: Early
Rose. 75c@$l; Burbanks, 7Sc®sl 10 per ctl in
SHcks and H®l 25 in boxes: Sweet Potatoes, .
; 3ii3Uc per lb.
ONIONS $1 l'"'l 20 r*r ctl for Sllveirkins;
Pickle Onions, 75c per sack.
VEGETABLES — 50c<??*2 per box:
Green Peas. 2c per lb: String Beans, l<i?2c:
Lima Beans, 4c; Cabbage, 60®60ci River
Tomatoes 35«50c: Egg Plant. 50®75c: Green
' Okra 40#85c per box: Garlic. 2®3c; Green Pep
■ nera ■».'•<!? soc for Chili and sCa7sc per box for
s Bell' Carrots, SOfMOc per sack; Bay Cucum
hers' 20@S0c; Pickles, 75c<9$l for No. 1 and |
40®50c ' (or No. ■-': Summer Squash. 15025 c: I
Marrowfat Squash. *7©M per ton; Green |
Corn 26c@$1 per sack for Va>aville. $lf?l 50
per crate for Alameda and 40©78 c for Berkeley.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Another car of Eastern sold at $3 oO'fffi for
Hens, $5 50 for old Roosters. $.' 50 for Fryers,
I $3 50 for Broilers.
Hens are weaker and Turkeys firmer. Other
wise there is no change. .
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 13014 c for Gob
i l«rs and 13@14e for Hens; Young Turkeys.
iT'alSc- Geese, per pair. $10125; Goslings. $! 25
f-,,1 50- Ducks. J3W4 tor old and $3 60®6 for
young; Hens . $4®B B0: young Roosters. iri-ffl
-, 50- fold Roosters, $4 25® 5: Fryers. *4@4 50:
Broilers *3ra3 50 for large, $2 •*' n ' ' for small:
/>ij;eons, $1 r ll|s 75 per dozen for old and $1 7a@
2 f? P r Squabs.
GAME— Doves, 60®76c per dozen.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
: The feeling in Creamery Butter is stronger
■ and dealers are looking for an advance almost
: any <ttiy now. In fact, some are already ask- :
: ing a fractional advance. Cheese is firm. Eggs j
are slow at the old quotations.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery. 21c: seconds, 20c.
Dairy— Fancy, We; good to choice. 17@lSc;
I rt CHEESE-Ch"ce mild new, 9H@loc; old. 8^
CHEESE— Choice mild new. 934®10c; old. S'4
! <H«tc- Young America. 10®10%c; Eastern, 13@15c.
EGGS-Quoted at 16(?i19c for store and 20®
I 23c' per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 18V4@2Oc for
i selected. 16@17c for No. 1 and 14@15c for sec
onds.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
1
The canners are paying the following prices:
I Peaches $10© tO for frees and $25<f?30 for clings:
Apricots. ISO®4O per ton; Bartlett Pears, in this
city 530&40 per ton for No. 1 and $15<£25 for
No.' 2; Green and Yellow Plums, $ID<U2O per j
ten: Colored Plums, $10@15.
The whole market is tame and devoid of
feature Bartlett Pears are weak, being in lib
oral sUDPIy Peaches are slow and plentiful.
FIKS are coming in more freely. Supplies of
Grapes are increasing from day to day, and the
same may be said of .Melons. Lemons and
Limes are qu . l ? t - FRUITS-
Apples, 2S®Bsc per box; Crabapples, 35@50c
1 P BE*BniES- Blackberries. $3!7?4 50 per chest:
Strawberries. $"iiffS per chest for small and
! "1150103.50 for large berries: Raspberries, $4<fj.-3
t.er chest; Huckleberries. 7®Bc per lb.
Grapes 50®75c per box and (6®76c per crate
for Font'alnebleau, fisOrsl per- box and 75cf?
<i ncr crace for Rose of Peru, 75c@$l per
? rate and box for Muscat and for Seed-
Watermelons, »6®lS per 100.
Cantaloupes. $1 5Cg2 50 per crate; Nutmegs,
frtcift-Jl 50 per box.
Pear- • 25050 C per box, according to size;
i BarUetta, ncOH 25 per box.
Nectarines. — — per box for white and 25<875c
! f °Flgs 75c«$l 50 per box for double layers of
black and 60(575c for white.
Acriccts. 35(SS5c p*r box.
Peaches, 15@50c per box and 15@35c per bas
ket ■ '" '' ■' - : "
Plums, 25@EOc per box; Prunes, 50«75c per
t ITRUS FRUlTS— Valencia Oranges, $2@4;
Lemons 75c(§$l 25 >for common and $1 50®2 50
I for good to choice:. Mexican Limes, $4«f4 50;
i California Limes. per small box: Bananas.
$1 50@2 60 per bunch; Pineapples, $l@2 50 per
dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS AND RAISINS.
There is nothing new to report. Sales of new
fruit are being made right along, but they are
quiet as a rule. The market, however, is
firm, with apricots leading. --r;,
DRIED FRUITS (Old Crop)— Prunes. «He for
40-50' s, 5c for 50-60' s. 4c for 60-70' s, 3V4@3%c for
70-80's, 2%@SUc for 80-90' s. 2V4@2%c for 90-100's
and 2<ft2Vic for 100-110' s. .
DRIED FRUITS (New Crop)— Prunes, in
stacks. BVic for 40-50' s, 5V4c for 60-60' 4%c per
■ lb for 60-70's. 3%c for 70-BO's. W?i3\ic for 80-
I 90* s and 2%@3c for 90-100" Apricots. lOiffllc
for Royals and 12<^e for Moorparks: Peaches,
T@7 1 4c: Evaporated Apples. 7@7'/4c; Sun-dried.
4%®Sc per lb; Nectarines. 6@7c per lb.
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown, 4%c for three
| crown, 63ic for four-crown, 4H@6c for Seedless
Sultanas, 314 c for Seedless Muscatels and $120
for London layers: Dried Grapes. 2=>ifs3c.
NUTS— Walnuts. s@sc fur hardshell. 10@lle
for softshell: Chile Walnuts. ll@12c: Almonds.
new crop, 7'4c for Laneuedoe and 9V£c for
paper-shell; Peanuts 6@7c for Eastern and 4V4
me for California: Cocoanuts, $4 50'?.=;.
HONEY— ll%c for bright and 10M;C for
light amber; water white extracted, 7Vi@7 t
light amber extracted, 6V4@7c; dark, 5V40
per Ib.
BEESWAX— 2fi<327c per Ib.
PROVISIONS.
All descriptions are steady, with a good de- }
mand. Prices show no change. "
CURED MEATS— Bacon. :>4c per lb for
heavy, 9@9%c for light medium, lie for light.
12>4c for extra light and 13c for sugar cured:
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13Ms@14c; Califor
nia Hams, 13c; Mess Beef, 513 per bbl; ex
[ tra Mess Beef. $14; Family Beer. &5015 50: ex
; tra Prime Pork, $12 50; extra clear. $16 50: mess.
$19915 50; Smoked Bwf. 12c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at sV4@s»;c per lb for
compound and 7c for mire: half barrels, pure,
! 7V£c: 10-Ib tins. SUe; 5-lb tins. SV.C.
! COTTOLENE— 6%@7i4c per lb.
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
' about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
j steers, 10@10i,Ac; medium, 9@9%c; light, 9c;
.Cowhides. 9c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip. 9c: Calf.
j 10c: dry Hides, sound. 16c: culls and brands.
'■ 13c: dry Kip an.l Veal, 16c; dry Calf. 17c;
i Sheepskins, shearlings. 20<?j3Oc each; short
! Wool. 35@60c each: medium. 70@90c: long Wool,
60c@$l 10 each: Horse Hides, salt. J2f/2 25 for
': large and $125(3150 for small: Colts, 25<ga0c %
! TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4@4>ic per lb; No.
I 2. S#34c; refined. ; grease. 2@2V4c
WOOL— Clips— San Joaquln and
; Southern, 7 months. lie: Foothill and North
, crn free. 11^ We: Foothill and Northern defec-
I tive, 9@llc: Nevada. 11® 14c; San Joaquln Foot
| hill free. J0(«12c: San Joaquin Foothill defec
j tive. B@3c; Humboldt and Mendoclno, 16V818c:
i Valley Oregon. I7<U>lBc; Eastern Oregon, 12<&-I4c
i for choice and 9@11'.-ic for fair to good.
HOPS— IB9B crop. l.'fTnVjC per lb; 1899 crop,
12Vi@13c bid and refused.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 8V»c; "Wool Bags,
26@2Sc.
! COAL— Wellington. $S p*er ton: New Welling
\ ton, $8-: • Southlield Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
J $6; Bryant. $«; Coos Bay. $5; Wallsend $7 o0;
Scotch" h: Cumberland. V In bulk and $10 oO
!In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $12;
Cannel. $8 per ton: Rock Springs and Castle
j Gate. $7 60; Coke. $12 per ton in bulk and $14
i In sacks. .
I Harrison's circular says: "During the week
' there have been five arrivals of coal from
Washington, with 13.980 tons; one from British
Columbia 4442 tons, and two from Swansea,
5363 tons; tontal. 23,783 tons. There has been
j a much larger amount delivered to consumers •
i this week than has been received, so that
: stocks in yard have been eaten into somewhat.
; Shipments from the northern coast are light,
' as coal-carriers are unprocurable even at in
creased rates of freight; three-fourths of pur
locally owned colliers are temporarily away in
' Australia' and China carrying lumber, for '
which extreme raU-s are being paid. The War
Department is diverting a number of our coast
steamers which were formerly utilized for
transporting coal. A new departure will take
! place this month: the Wellington Coal Company :
1 will load the Colorado, now converted into a j
barge (the masts, etc., have been taken out),
! and will use one of their tugboats to tow her
; down This may he feasible at this season of
': the year; later on it will be a precarious ven
i ture
"Honolulu is still an active coal buyer, both i
: from British Columbia and Australia at ex
treme figures Charters have recently been
made from the north, which will make the
j landing cost at Honolulu fully $7 50 per ton.
1 and the outlook is high _ prices will rule for
i several months to come."
I RlCE— China mixed, $3 7563 80: China No. 1,
i ${ SCKS4 90: extra do, $5@5 3.'.: Hawaiian, $5 75;
: Japan. $4 ISM^4 75; Louisiana, $5^6.
' SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes A crushed and Fine Crushed, 6%c;
! Powdered, 5%c: Candy Granulated. 5V4c; Dry
I Granulated. 5V»c: Confectioners' A. 5M,c; Cali
•. fornia A. 4%c; Magnolia A. 4%c; Extra C, 4%c:
• Golden C. 4'i.c; barrels, l-16c more; hairbarrels.
Vie more; b> xes, He more; 50-lb bags, He more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent. Dominns. half-barrels. 5%c: boxes.
fii.c per lb. Imports from the islands in July
were 43,853,000 lbs, against 25,697,600 in July,
1898.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
The market Is quiet at the familiar quota
tions.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7'ijSc per lb for Steers and 6&@7c for
Cows.
VEAL— 7<5lOc tier lb.
MUTT' — Wethers. 7c: Ewes. 6%c per lb.
LAMB— Spring, Sc rer lb.
PORK— Live Hoes. 8%@5%c for small. 6c for
medium and 5%@6%c for large: stock Hogs and
Feeders. sVsc: dressed Hogs, 7'g'BV4c.
RECEIPTS. OF PRODUCE.
For Friday, August 4.
Flour, qr >ks 11,193 'Chicory, sks 43
Wheat, ctls 86 1 Sugar, ska 47:.
Barley, otls 4.71.'. Sugar, bhls 71
Oats.' ctls 3,315iL4me, bbls IS2
Corn, F.ast. ctls..* 600 jßaisins, hxs 1.554
Corn ctls 90 Eggs, doz 13.140
Tallow, ctls 2S4i Hides, no 458
Buttfr. ctls 174iQuicksllver. flsks 10
Checfp, ctls 17 leather, rolls ... 122
l!.;in« sks ■ I.OSG.Wtne, gals 43.2j«
Potatoes, sks 4,550 {W001, bags 13*
Onions, sks I,B3o .Straw, tons 47
Bran pks 1,600 I Hay, tons 789
Middlings, sks.... 12f. Pelts, bdls 364
Shorts, sks 25
Family Retail Market.
There* is no change in Butter, Cheese an,l
Eggs, but wholesalers expect an advanc* in
Butter next week.
Poultry continues plentiful and cheap. Meats
are unchanged from last week.
Fruits and Vegetables are about as plentiful
and cheap as they ever get in this market.
Following is 'Ane Calls ic«ulitr v\ccKi> „>•-*
list:
Coal. Der ton —
Cannel t @10 00 1 Castle Gate.. s9 60©
Wellington . ©10 OOlSouthfleld
New Welling- I Wellington if 950
ton ■-.. (SlOOOlCoos Bay ©7 00
Seattle 8 00® I
Dairy Produce, etc. —
Butter, fancy, per [Common Eggs 20@—
square 45®— ißnno-h Eggs, per
Do, per roll 40@— I dozen 25@30
Do good 35<lj — iHoney Comb, per
Cheese Cal 10*J?12 tb 12015
Cheese, Eastern.. l"'a 20 Do, extracted....— slo
Cheese. Swiss 20025
Meats, per It) —
Bacon 12017 : Pork, fresh 15@20
Beef, choice 18®20 Pork, salt I2(alb
Do. good 10(??15 Pork Chops 15ifils"
Cnrned Beef: —<fr\n Round Steak i2VjS—
Ham. Cal. frla ISirloin Steak 15#—
Do, Eastern. ..l7V2® — Porterhouse, d 0...20525
Lard [Smoked Beef 12§15
Mutton lofaliiPork Sausages.. 12H(ffi20 .
Lamb 12@15!Veal : 13@20
Poultry and Game— ."■'.:
Hens, each 50@65 Turkeys, per 1b...15«jj22
Young Roosters, i Uucks, cacti i<'.^oj
each 60@75jGeese. each... OOCrfi m) |
Old Koostera, iPlgeons, pair 40®50 i
each 50©TO I Rabbits, pair —'gw
Fryers, each — @60|Han». each ISW2O
Broilers, each 3o<isW I Doves, pr dz..sl 00@l 25
Fruits and Nuts-
Almonds. Ib 15if?20 Watermelons, ea lOSfUS
Apple? 4<f? 6 l.niMft. a,,.
Crabapples 6® ( Oranges, doz 25(ff40 '
Apricots, per Tt>.. 5@ S Ivai.-. per lo , v ,
Hananas. fioz 20(n25 Peaches, per tb... 4@ 6
Blackberries, per Plums, per Ib :4 a 5
drawer 1&BX Ha. sins rh. ...... ' : w ( m
Cantaloupes. ea..10(a15 Nectarines, per Ib i'r? 6
Nutmeg Melons... s©lo k.-i.... i,-.-. ,, c .
Figs, per Ib UHKIB drawer 230SS
Huckleberries. lh.l^i 12 ■ r,,rries. p , "
Grapes, per Ib SiilO drawer 23040
LeiHuna, fioz li.v«iU iWmnuut, Ib .'i^u.u '
' Vegetables —
Artichokes. d0z...20®50 Green Peas, 1b.... 4@ 5
Asparagus ow 12 Lentils. Ib 6® S
Beets, doz 12w15 ! Lettuce, doz 15@—
Beans, white, Ib.. 4*j. 5 Onions. Tb 2<f/< •
Colored, ■ Ib 4(<t DPeppers, green, tb S@lo
Lima, h)...-. W— Potatoes Tb 3-..' s
Cabbage, each s@lo Sweet Potatoes... 6jiß
Cauliflowers, each 5010 Pars>mp&, U u».. .. imZ— I
Celery, bunch s©— Radishes, djs bclis. lo^l2 ,
Ci'""mber». per Pnc». <1- hrhs. ..2 r^'"i" !
dozen 10S12 String Bean<?, Ib. " Aft ; .
Cress, doz bnchs. "• ■ ■ 1 iu...5i...0
Egg Plant, per \i< ■-<! S Thyme. Ib 20>5?30 i
Green .Corn, .>or Turnips, .loz. . 10ifrl5
dozen lo@3o Tomatoes, Ib 5@ 6
Green Okra, ;>r lh 6® 8 •
Fish, per tb—
Barracuda lh<5 — Shad •'..'.'. 12©1B '
: arp 10W12 Sea Bass 12@15 I
Uodtish 124(15 imelis i;,,,
pioiinders in<s>i9 Soles 12®15 I
Halibut 15^23 skHtes. each w-..—
Kingfish — ill-' Tomcod 15$—
Mackerel I;V§— Llams, gal au^—
ii" iiorse — ■•>— Do, hardshell 100. 50
Perch 12015 1 Crabs, each 10nl5
1 Pompano <&"— Do, softshell, d0z.25@35
Rockflsh 15@— Mussels, qt ,10<gl2 '
Salnr:"n. «moked..i!iMiT 'Oysters, Cal, 100..40(g\i0
Salmon, fresh 15@20.D0, Eastern, d0z..25Q40
tjiinnips HlrlOl
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Patrick ; Broderlck to Hanoria Broderick. lot
on NE corner 01' Tvyenty-seventh and Guer
rero streets. N 27, E SO, N 50, X 20, S 77, W
mo; also lot on NE ■ corner of California and
Heymati avenues, X 25, E 70, N 50. E 57:4, S
7". W 127:4. lots 7S, 82 and S3, Heyman Subdi
vision of Cobb Tract; also lot on N\V corn»r of
Grafton street and Plymouth avenue, \V 50
by N 100, lots 1 and 2, block 8, Lakeview;
gift.
Edward and Jessie Gilson (by B. P. Oliver,
commissioner) to Mission Home and Loan As
sociation, lot on E line of Sanchez street. 1t!2:6
S of Twenty-third, S 32:6 by E 117:6 (84,675);
$1350.
Mary A. Stevens to J. O'Connor, lot on SE
line of Natoma street, 300 NE of Seventh. KE
25 by SE 75; $10.
Herman Fischbeck to Frederick H. Fischbeck.
lot on E line of Hampshire street. 166:6 8 of
Nineteenth (Butte), S 25 by E 1C0; $10.
E. "W. Scott to Lloyd N. Scott, lot on E
line. of Vermont street, 100 N of Mariposa, N
25 by E 100; $5.
. Hj&nora Quirk to Roman Catholic Archbishop
avenue .Thirty-fourth.. S96by VI 13.. 6. W*
Alameda County.
Frederick K. and Edith A. ?' hitn f ey M t cClur'e
■ephine B. Libby. lot on E line of McCI»"
Xt ' , "2 r » Nof Prospect avenue. NSO b> B laa,
being' lot S. Map <* McClure Academy
Grounds. Oakland: $10. tj o^l- ta
Farmers' and Mechanics Bank to
John W. Lindner, lot on W line ol Ninth street.
150 N <-r Bristol, N 50 by W 13". being tot 8.
block 75, Tract B. Berkeley L. and T. - l- as
sociation. Berkeley: $10.
Btephen W Pifcher to Birdie E. and Maude
E Bherrv undivided half interest in lot on W
Itne of Fulton street. 5 S of Kittredge. S 40 bj
W 100. being portion of lots 13 and 14. Blake
Tract Map 3. Berkeley: $K. _ .
Lavinia Drath (Iwfe "f Hermann) to Rosma
Campagna (wife of Ignac-io). lot on E line Ol
Ninth street. HX) N of Channlnir way. N o 2 by
E 130, being lot 19. hiock 122. corrected Map ol
Raymond Tract. Berkeley; *:'.IO.
Builder's Contract.
John D. Spreckels (owner) with Western Iron
Wortte .contractor), architects Reid Brothers-
Steel and iron work for a three-story and ha.-e
--ment residence on NE corner of Pacific avenue
and Laguna streets. Western Addition
193: ?4rtfin.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
"Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
SATIRDAY, AUGUST 5.
Sun rises 5:17
Sun sets 7:14-
Moon rises 4:2fi p. m.
C Timel Time| Time Time,
£ Ft. ' Ft. Ft. : Ft.
!» L W HWj L W HW|
6 ... 4:541—0.4! 11:60! 6.11 4:41 2.6 10:49| 6.7
6 ... 5:23—0.3 12:18' 5.21 5:22 2.4 11:261 5.5
7 ... 5:51 0.01 12:45! 5.2 6:01 2.1 1
HWLW H W L W
8 ... 0:06 5.31 6:20 0.21 1:10 5.3 6:42 1.9
9... 0:46 5.0 6:51 0.6 1:36 5.3 7:24 1.7
10 ...| 1:38|'4.7| 7:23 1.0 2:031 6.3 8:10 1.4
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tide«
tlie eaily morninic tides are given In the left
hand column and the suce»«s!ve tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Th»
recondtime column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tid»
; nnd the last or rlsht hand column gives th 9
: last tide of the tiav. »xcejjt when th»re are but
! three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
i «lven are additions to the soundincs on th»
• United States Coast Survey charts, except
TVh«n a minus sign — ) precedes the height,
and th -n the number given Is subtracted from,
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
. reference Is the mean of tho lo'rer low w?'»r'.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. j From. I Due.
Hongkong Maru'Chlna and Japan (Aug. 3
Thyra 'China and Japan Aug. 5
Pomona [Humboldt 'Aug. 5
j Walla Walla... | Victoria & Puget Sound Aug. 5
! Bonita 'Newport 'Aug. 6
I Samoa Humboldt ; 'Aug. *
Wellington ..... (Departure Bay 'Aug. *
A. Blanchard... [Coos Bay 'Aug 7
i San Jose [Panama Aug. 7
| Crescent City. (Crescent City 'Aug. 7
Columbia 'Portland Aug. S
1 Santa Rosa San Diego Aug. *
• Weeott [Humboldt 'Aug 8
I Fulton [Portland [Aug. *
I Washtenaw |Tacoma [Aug. 9
I North Fork Humboldt 'Aug. 10
Areata Coos Pay lAug. 10
Coos Bay I Newport 'Aug. 10
i Umatilla [Victoria & Puget Sound Aug. 10
' San Mateo iNanaimo 'Aug. 10
Albion I Cape Nome Aug. 10
Point Arena ... Point Arena I Aug. 11
; Corona Sin Diego Aug. 12
! Brunswick Oregon Ports [Aug. 13
State California Portland Aug. 13
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Destination. I
Sails.
Pier.
City PeklnglChina .fcJapan'Aug. 5, 1 pmIPMSS
Areata ICom Bay 'Aug. 5, 10 amlPier 13
Aloha [Point Arena. .|Aug. .*, 3 Pier 3
Corona; San Diego [Aug. 6. II Am Pier U
State of CalCortland 'Aug. « 1" am '■*"«■ 21
Chs. Nelson | Puget Sound. . Aug. 6. 1" am Pier 2
Pt. Arena. .[Point, Arena. .l Aug. 7. 2 pmlPier 1
Curacao ...'Mexico Aug. 7. 10 am Pier 1!
Pomona ... Humboldt [Aug. 7. 2 pm Pier 9
Bonita Newport [Aug. 8. 9 am Pier 11
San Blas...l^anama 'Aug. 8. 12 m PMSS
Weeott 'Humboldt 'Aug. 9. 2 pm[Pier 13
A. Blanch' d Coos Bay 'Aug. 9. 10 am Pier 13
Gaelic . ... China* Japan Aug. '<. I pmIPMSS
Walla Wall I Vie & Pgt Sd.lAug. 9. 10 am Pier 9
Moana (Sydney [Aug. 9. 10 pm Pier 7
Santa Rosa San Diego [Aug. 10, 11 am Pier 11
Columbia .. Portland /Vug. 11. 10 am Pier 21
Coos Bay . . . ! Newport 'Aug. 12. 9am Pier 11
SHIPPIHG INTELLIGENCE.
! ARRIVED.
i . Friday. August 4.
I Stmr South Coast, Olsen, 44 hours from San
I Pf-cre.
Stmr Willamette, Hansen. 76 hours from
Seattle.
Stmr Newsboy, Fosen. 21 hours from Usal.
Stmr Corona, Debney, K2\ hours from San
Diego, etc.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund, 13 hours from
Point Arena.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen. 11 hours from
Mendocino.
Stmr Weeott. Burtls, 26 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Noyo, Winkel. 17 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Stmr National City, Dettmers. 67 hours from
Grays Harbor.
' Stmr Aloha, Jorgenson, 14 hours from Al
bion.
Stmr Empire, Nelson, 52-£ hours from Coos
Ray.
Nor stmr Thyra. Edvardsen, 4« days from
Hongkong, via Moji 33 days, via Kobe 35 days,
via Yokohama 2S days and Honolulu 10 days.
CLEARED,
Friday, August 4.
Stmr North, Fork, Bash. Eureka; Charles
Nelson. . ■'". :
SAILED.
Friday, August 4.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall. San Pedro, etc.
Stmr City of Puebla. Jeps>n. Victoria and
Port Townsend.
Stmr Gipsy. I. eland. Santa Cniz.
Stmr Mackinaw. Littlefield, Tacoma.
U S stmr: Adams. Book, Taeoma.
Br ship Ben Ijee. Hunton, Hull.
Schr Metha Nelson, Rice. Tacorrm.
Schr Gotanaa. Johannissen, Coos Bay.
Schr Monterey. Beck. Bowena Landing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Aug 4. 10 p m— Weaker
cloudy; wind SW; velocity 12 milps.
CHARTERS.
The Falls of Clyde loads mdse for Hilo.
The C A Thayer loads lumber at Grays Har
] bor for Guaym^. : Olga, lumber at Tacoma for
Honolulu. w "»>•-■
SPOKEN.
Aug 1, lat 51 N. lon 13 W— Br ship Iranian,
I from Tacoma, for Liverpool.
MEMORANDUM.
Per Nor stmr Thyra, from China. Aus 4 —
July 30, lat 30 40 N. lon 141 40 W, spoke stmr
Newport, hence for Manila, wished to be re-
D.Tted all well.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Aug 4— Bark Fresno,
for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Aug 4— Schr E
. X Wood, from Taku; schr C S Holmes, from
Honolulu.
TACOMA— Aug 3— Bark Rufus B
Wood, hence July 7.
Sailed Au; -3— Schr Inca. for Honolulu.
EVF^F.TT— Arrived Aug 4— Schr Marion,
I hence July 14.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Auk Schr Sequoia, for
San Francisco, in tow of tug Rescue.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed Aug 4— Schr
Newark, for an Francisco.
GREENWOOD— SaiIed Aug 4— Stmr Whites
boro, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— SaiIed Auk 3— Schr Laura Pike,
for San Francisco. Aug 4— Stmr Brunswick,
for Astoria: schr Chas E Falk, for Newport
(S); SChr Bertha Dolbeer, for San Pedro; stmr
Pomona, for San Francisco; schr Mary E Russ,
for Honolulu.
Arrived Aug 4— Stmr Samoa, hence Aug 2.
SAN - PEDRO— Arrived Aug 3— Schr Lille
bonne, from Eureka; schr Serena Thayer, from
Tacoma. • ' -.'.':■
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Aug 4— Schr Daisy
Rowe, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Aug 4— Stmr Dirigo, from
, Dyea: stmr City of Topeka. from Dyea.
Sailed Aue 4— Stmr Cleveland, for St Mich
ael; stmr Al-Ki. for Dyea: stmr Dirigo. for
i Dyea: schr Mildred, for San Francisco.
VENTURA— Arrived Aug 4— Stmr George
Loomis. hence Auk 3.
Sailed Aug 4— Stmr Georee Loomis. for San
Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER — Off Cape,
Aug 3— Ship Henry B Hyde, from Hilo. and
ordered to Xew York.
FOREIGN PORTS.
MANILA-rArrived Aug 3— Ship J B Walker,
from ' Norfolk. •• ... . r
BUENOS AYRES— Arrived July 10— Nor bark
Fantasi. from Port Blakeley.
COLON— An Aug 2— Br stmr Athos. from
New York.
Sailed Auk 2— Stmr Finance, for New York.
LIMERICK— SaiIed Aus 3— Fr bark Louis
Pasteur, for Oregon.
LONDON— Aug 3— ship Angerona
for Vancouver, via Livernool.
PORT CLARENCE— SaiIed July 15— Schr J M
Colman. for Port Townsend.
MELBOURNE— Arrived Aug 3— Haw ship
Star of France, from ChemaJnus.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Aug Stmr Lu
cania, from New York
Sailed Aug 4— Stmr Derbyshire, for Boston
MOVILLE— SaiIed Aug 4— Stmr Furnessia for
New York. ■
ANTWERP— SaiIed Aug 3— Stmr Switzerland
for Philadelphia.
SWINEMUNDE-Sailed Aug 2-Stmr Island
for New York. '
NEW YORK- Arrived Aug 4-Stmr Cam
pania, from Liverpool and Queenstown
HAMBURG— Arrived Aug 4-Stmr' Fuerst
Bismarck, from New York, via Cherbourg and
Southampton. * vTHE RAILROAD
IS ASSISTING
THE DEMOCRATS
Braunhart Visits Mr.
Herrin.
THE INTERVIEW IS ADMITTED
JUST BEFORE ELECTION A GOOD
TIME TO ADJUST CLAIMS.
It Is Possible Huntingdon May Be
Treated to Another Cam
paign of Webfoot
Blunders.
Direct ami positive intelligence was re
; ai The Call office last night that
Samuel Braunhart. one of the apostles
of purity in the fold of Phelan's Commit-
Hundred, had opened his cam
rnment and the de
■ ' b by going to see
Herrin of the Southern Pacific.
When seen last night at his residence.
"62A Eiarrii Mr. Braunhart ad-
I having called on Henrin quite re-
I . but he said in explanation that
le \\.:it there to transact some business
in connection With a claim which he has
against the Southern Paolflc Company.
"1 have a claim against the Southern
■ Company and 1 called on Mr.
llerrln lately in reference to it. I
letters from him i ; ■ my
< ase. 1 was injured on the Ing
aoxna time iil'u, and 1 have been trying
to get tho company to make a settlement
■with me."
The for. going admission proves that
The Call was i usual, when it
■ crn Pacific w ■
1 sti:.s the Democrats In this mvi
campaign. Herrin is not a clever manip
ulator. His work as compared with that
of his predecessors in the law depart-
Is raw and stupid. No doubt he
. this municipal campaign with a
ition tv do something toward re
. Ing the blunders wh ■ 1 tade in
his efforts to manage Burns' Senatorial
campaign a; Sa He bids fair,
however, to add a n< of stupidi
to the chapter of Sacramento
blunders.
Hraunhart's explanation is given for
It is worth. Having a claim a{
icific, he may displaj wis
dom In seeking an adjustment before the
election takes place. The people of San
may view the spectacle
live of the reform Democracy
the office of Herrin on the eve
Braunhart is the leader of the
Democratic reform movement in the
nty-ninth Assembly district.
TENNIS EXPERTS IN
CHAMPIONSHIP GAMES
SOUTHAMPTON, L. 1., Aug. 4.— The i
semi-final matches In the championship j
singles of the Lung Island Tennis
tournament were . played on the
courts of the Meadow Club this !
morning. Whitman was unable to
work havoc against his opponent by
using his famous twist service. The Yule ;
champion had evidently made a stud of
how to successfully meet this stroke, and •'
he landed his racket fairly on the ball ai
most every time. In the majority of the
games the scores see-sawed between
ueuce and vantage before the national I
champion was able to pull them out.
After his clever work this morning
there an be no doubt that Allen excels
at side-line passing. He had his oppo- j
nent on the run from oue side of the court |
to the other trying to return the ball? j
that went cutting down the lines. Most i
of his points were scored by this sort cf j
play. In the final game of the match
there was a most brilliant rally by botn I
men, and the ball crossed the net more I
ihan twenty times before Whitman I
counted the' point by driving deep into
the Yale man's court. i
The match between Ware and Davis j
was a long one. Davis was very ragged j
in his net play, at which he Is famous, •
and he sent the easiest kinds of shots j
Into the net.
Whitman's victory over Davjs will
bring Whitman and Ware together for
the final and championship to-mo
The two old-time champio Henry Slo
cum and Howard Taylor, were defeated
in thf doubles by Winslow and Cod man,
the Longwood experts, who were paired
against them. The veterans were buc
cessful in taking the second set, hovr
ever, and felt that they had done wonders :
by scoring against the agst< rs. Wins- '■
low and Codman were very speedy and!
banged the ball over the net in t way
that bewildered the veterans and they
werp frequently unable to return. Tay
lor was much bett< r In his play than was .
Slooum, the tter being faulty to a de
gree. His most flagrant offense was his
inability to get his returns over the net.
The doubles are now finished up to the
semi-final round. The semi-final match
for doubles between Allen and McKit
trii k and Davis and Ward was well con
tested. McKittrick made repeated
"double faults" in his service and In
changing Bides with Allen during the I
play he seriously interfered with him and :
allowed the Harvard men to score four
straight games in the third set, after
which they pulled out. The match oc
cupied four houre of playing time and
the quartet of players are badly used up
to-night. Summary:
Chamrlonship singles, semi-finals round— M.
D Whitman beat J. A. Allen. 6-1. 6-2. 6-4. L.
E Ware beat D. F. Davis, 10-8, G-3, 2-6, 6-1.
Championship doublet, first round— D. E.
Pavis and Holcomb Ward beat J. D. Pell and
S v Skidmore • v default.
Semi-final round M. D. Whitman and L. E.
Ware beat R. Winsl'.w nnd W. Fred Codman,
6-3 8-3 6-3 J. A. Allen and J. I>. McKittrick
heat J. P. Davis and H. Ward, 6-4. 8-10, 3-6,
7-5, 6-4. .
WORLD'S RECORDS FALL.
Wheelmen Make Fast Time Over the
Salt Lake Track.
3AI/I LAKE. I'tah. Aug. 4.— Five thou
tended the bicycle race* at
dace indoor track to-night and
Baw two World's records smashed. In the
nd heat of the one-mile unpaced pro
nal handicap J. N. Ctiapman of At
lanta, Oa., broke the world s record for
-ition. riding the mile in
. Turville of Philadelphia,
by two tandems, went one mile in
1:60 2-6, cutting one and a fifth seconds
off the world's record, made- by John
in <>n this track. Results:
-mile professional handicap. J. N.
Chapman won Tod «'afne second, Frank
rd. Time. 2:00 3-5.
-•:.;:.■ open professional, < iem lur
vllle won, Frank Cotter second, J. N.
Chapman third. Time, 4:09 2-5.
■ mile invitation professional. Emory
Tod Cain« second; S. H. Sharman
third. Time, I:<M 1-5.
rd trial, Clem Turville
apain.st world's record. Time, 1:50 2-5.
SMITH AND WALSH DRAW.
NEW YORK, Aug. 4.— Mysterious PHiy
Smith and Andy Walsh met for a third
time with five-ounce gloves to-nlg'ht and
as yet neither has gained a decision. On
the two previous occasions .the men
fought twenty and twenty-five rounds i<>
■ > draw, and to-night before the Broadway .
Athletic Club th.'y fougbt another tv. •■.
ty-flve-round draw.
As far as vlelousness goes neither man
lost an opportunity. Both are scientilic i
and each very deliberate. Body blows
were much in evidence, particularly
rights over the ltldneys. Round after
round they fought to-night without i?ither
grnlning the slightest advantage, and at
the end of the twenty-fifth round, al
though each showed red welts ov^r his
left side from repeated blows, therft was
nothing to choose between them und it
looked as if both could have gone on for
twenty-five rounds more.
TRAMPLED BY A HOUSE.
San Franciscan Injured While Trying
to Save His Wife.
LARKSrUR. Aug. 4.— 0. G. Gadresso, a
San Franciscan, who was returning home
wlih ius wife from a pleasure tour
through Marin and Sonoma counties, was
seriously injured to-day while attempting
to save his wife from injury in a runaway.
Gadresso left his buggy standing in front
of the Larkspur Hotel and went inside.
The horse became restless, and hearing
his wife calling him the tourist rushed
out. He tried 'to grasp the bridle but
failed, and only succeeded in clasping the
animal around' the nock, lie was forced
to the ground and trampled upon, but his
wife escaped iniury by jumping from the
buggy.
1 r. W. J. "Wickman was summoned from
San Rafael and found Gadresso badly in
jured in the right hip and shoulder and
his scalp laid open in three places. His
wounds were dressed and he was sent to
a hospital in San Francisco. The horse
ran away and broke the buggy beyond re
pair.
NIGHT OF ROWDYISM
ON MOUNT TAMALPAIS
Young Hoodlums Terrorize Pleasure-
Seekers Who Stop at the
Tavern.
MILL VALLEY, Aug. 4.— The depreda
tions of roughs on the summit of Mount
Tamalpais have reached a limit where
Louis Janes, general manager of the
Tamalpais Scenic Railway has found it
necessary to invoke the assistance of the
authorities in preserving order and pre
venting the wanton destruction of prop
erty On account of scenic attractions
and the novelty of the trip the railway
running between this point and the sum
mit of "the mountain is being constantly
traveled over by tourists and other pleas
ure-seekere. With the decent element
mnie many hoodlums of late, the
undesirable persons being by no means
confined to the sterner sex. Especially is
true on moonlighi nights.
\ few evenings ago a large trainload or
people was sent up the mountain. On the
i was a srang of "toughs," a
men of their kind. This
;. along a cargo of whisky and
[mbil • ■ fa that by the time the
summit of th* mountain had been reached
the hoodlums were in a humor to run
amuck and their "girls" to applaud what
evei was done.
the rules of the company, bon
.-.-. re lighted and everything portable
that was combustible was carried to feed
them Fences were torn down, tables and
chairs taken away and a sort of Indian
ghost dance carried on around the fires.
But the trouble did not cease there. The
roughs remained all night and managed
rroriae everybody at the summit.
They threw stones down on the tavern,
shot off revolvers and generally mad»- the
night hideous. In the morning the party
Manager Janes declares he \\-ill stand
no more of this and has asked the au
thorities to send a number of peace offi
ip the mountain on every moonlight
night.
GREAT COUNCILS
QUENCH THE FIRES
THE CHIEFS OF BOTH RAISED UP
IN DUE FORM.
The Great Council of the Improved
Order of Red Men and that of the L>egree
of Pocahontas each terminated their
labors and quenched the council fires at
6 o'clock yesterday.
In the Great Council of the men the
proposition to increase- the advisory board
did not carry, but the advisory board was
authorized to send out an exemplifier of
the work. Benjamin F. Josselyn was ap.
■ ! < dit'-r of the official organ of the
order. A special dispensation was granted
to the tribes of the reservation to take
part in the parade in honor of the re
turning volunteers.
All the past great sachems were ap
pointed a committee on honored dead and
it was decided that the names of all Red
Men In the service of the army or navy
from California should, be entered on a
roll of honor In the record of the Great
Council.
Thomas G. Harrison, G. J. S. of the
United States, acting as great incahonee,
raised up the elected chiefs, whose names
have already been published, and then the
new great sachem, E. B. Wilson, ap
pointed the following chiefs: C. W. Crone
of Cosumnes Tribe, Sacramento, great
sannap; F. B. Swan of Osceola Tribe, San
Francisco, great mlshinewa; C. M,
Brown of Bamosi t Tribe, Vallejo, great
guard of the wigwam, and 8. L. K. Rlch
ards of Weimar Tribe of Grass Valley,
great guard of the forest.
The great sachem also announced the
following deputies: District No. 1, L. A.
Grade of Manzanita Tribe for Tribes i.
9,57; Districi No. 2. M. 1.. Wheeler of Po
honachee for 10, 11 and 12; District No. 2,
O. N. Cronkeit of Red Cloud fur 14, 2S and
41; District No. 4, M. B. Holmes of Con
sumnes for 94; Districi No. 5, F. A. Ruhl
of Iroquois for 35 and 93; District No. C.
E. K. M. Derrick of BamTJset for 22 and
98; District No. 7, W. C. Havey of Meta
mora for 24; District No. S. O. F. Beavy
for 31, 48 and 55; District No. 9, Thomas
H. Brockington of Weimar for 34 and 49;
District No. 10, B. B. West of Shasta for
&5; District No. 11. W. H. Thomas of Sls
kiyou for 91 and 92; District No. 12, A. J.
Timmins of leka for 53, J. Godeau of
Semlnole for 54. J. F. Whipple of Santana
for 60; District No. 15, J. W. Hew of Paw
nee for 62 and 07; District No. 16, J. S.
Colby of Osceola for 61 and 71; District
No. 17, A. Hausman of White Eagle for
72 and >'.<: District No. I<\ G. S. Graham
of Montezuma for 76, 77 and 78; District
No. ii. P. Hansen. of Cocopah for 81; Dis
trict No. 20, W. J. Keating of Comanche
for 79 and 86; Districi No. 21. K. R. Snav
ley of Shawnee for S3; District No. 22, ap
pointment deferred; District No. 23, J. J.
O'Hare of Mono for 88; District No. 2». W.
G. Herman of Tuolumne for 96; District
No. 26, G. E. Garner of Myacomas for
56 and 97; District No. 26, F. P. Mitchell
of Mohawk for 99, and C. Nellsen of
White Eagle for 100.
Upon the termination of the business
the members of the council of Pocahontas
were invited into the council chamber
when the great junior sagamore of the
United States, T. G. Harrison, gave a
short talk. A diamond ring was presented
to retiring Great Chief Collins, after
which Josiah Sims, P. G. S., on behalf of
the Great Council, presented to Charlen
F. Burgman, who retires from the office
of chl£f of records to go to another State,
a beautiful gold watch and chain.
In the Degree of Pocahontas the new
constitution and by-laws were adopted
and the proposition to apply for a charter
was not carried, so the Great Council la
still subordinate to the Red Men.
The elected chiefs were raised by Mrs.
Sarah Gutstadt, P. P., and Mrs. Lizzie
Atwood was then appointed first great
scout; Mrs. Minnie BettS, second great
scout; Mrs. H. Rohrbacher, great guard
;of the tepee, and Mra. Cella Britland,
great guard of the forest.
Mrs. Hattie A. Whipple and Mrs. Gut
stadt, past pocahontases, were each pre
sented an emblematic badge of the order.
VINES DESTROYED
BY PHYLLOXERA
Dread Pest Makes Its Appearance in
the Vineyards Around
Irvington.
IRVINGTON, Aug. 4.— The vlneyardists
of Washington Township are alarmed '
over the fact that thHr vines are being I
destroyed by the dreaded phylloxera. The j
ravages of the pest can be plainly seen
and immense harm is being done. It is .
only a matter of a short time when, if |
something is not done, all the vineyards !
not of resistant stork will be destroyed. !
The only remedy is to take up every vine
In the vicinity affected and put In new
The' Vines have become diseased in the
iasi two years. The phylloxera generally
Starts in "the center of a vineyard and
works to the outer edge, and as It travels
rapidly it takes only a few years to de- j
stroy a vineyard.
Josiah Stanford of Warm Springs is
nulling up all his vinos. For two years he '
Will plant grain and then put in resistant !
stock. __
Dalrymple Traded for Arrellanes.
SAN. JOSE, Aug. 4.— The managers of the \
San Jose baseball team to-night rein
stated ODea and Anderson and traded
Dalrvmple to Santa Cruz for Arrellanes. I
It 1b claimed this makes the strongest in
field in the league.
Grass Valley Prizefight.
GRASS VALLEY, Aug. 4.— Mike Wheli
han of this city will meet Jim Ponder
east of Sacramento In a twenty-round
mill here on the 10th inst. for $250 a side.
Cornish wrestling will be a preliminary.
THE SAN FPANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 5, 1899.
TRAMP STEAMER
THYRA ARRIVES
FROM HONOLULU
Crew of the Hancock
Charged Board.
NO CHINESE ON TRANSPORTS
CONGRESSMEN HAVE A PLEAS
URE TRIP ON THE BAY.
Training Ship Adams Sails for Puget
Sound — Suicides and Acci
dents on the Water
Front.
The tramp steamer Thyra, under char
ter to the Santa Fe Railroad, arrived here
from the Orient yesterday. She was ten
days coming from Honolulu and there
fore only brings one day's later news
from the Islands than the City of Pe
king and the Gaelic, which arrived last
Sunday. Everything was quiet in Hawaii
and there was no later news from the
volcano. The Thayra brings forty-nine
Chinese and eleven Japanese passengers
and considerable cargo for this port. Af
ter discharging her San Francisco freight
the Thayra will proceed to San Diego to
unload the remainder. She is forty-fix
days from Hongkong, via Moji thirty-nine
days, Kobe thirty-five days, Yokohama
twenty-eight days and Honolulu ten days.
The Thyra docked at the seawall and a
corral will be built there for the Chinese
until their right to land has been decided
upon.
The transports are all being gradually
painted white. The Senator is now at the
I'nion Iron Works and on her return to
the Government wharf she will oe
.hanged from black to white and her
smokestack from white to yellow, with
red, white and blue bands around the
top. The Morgan City and the Siam have
both received their white dresses. The
Morgan <'ity is nearly loaded and will
sail In a few days, while the Siam is be
ing lltted out to carry cavalry borses.
The Relief will go on Hunters Point dry
dock and the Hancock will be at least
three weeks at the Union Iron Works un
dergoing repairs.
The crew of the Hancock are up in
arms against the Government. Yesterday
they were to have been paid off, but when
they came to receive their pay each man
was charged a dollar a day for rations
while the transport was lying in Manila.
This was tifty-Six days, and some of the
crew had barely that much money com
ing to them. On the chartered vessels no
deduction is made from the men's pay
while the vessel is in port, as the I nited
States Shipping Commissioner would Dot
allow any suoh proceeding, but in the
case of a" United States transport he has
no jurisdiction. The men refused to re
ceive the money offered them and are go
ing to fight the matter in the courts. In
the meantime they have reported the
situation to their various unions, and v
. Sam insists on charging for ra
tions while the vessel is in port not a
union man will go out on a Government
V'" order has been received to discharge
all the Chinese on the Government trans
ports. They have been employed as deck
hands, firemen and coal passers. W.lth
the Chinese, gone and union men refusing
to ship. Uncle Sam will have some trou
ble to man his transports.
There was quite a notable party on the
bay yesterday on the tug Reliance. They
were the guests of Congressman Julius
Kahn who pointed out all the beauties
Of the harbor to them. Captain Brokaw
ran the tug down to the Presidio and
gave the party a view of the camp from
The sea. From there the tug went along
the marine shore, through Raccoon Straits
to the '•detention camp" on Angel Island
and then to the Union Iron Works and
Hunters Point drydock. The party was
composed of Congressman Stark and Ad
lutant General Barry of Nebraska, Lieu
tenant Colonel Eager of the Nebraska
regiment and Mrs. Eager, his mother;
Major Killian of the Nebraska regiment
and bis wife, Surveyor of the Port J.
S Spear and the visiting newspaper rep
resentatives from Pennsylvania.
Ti e United States training ship Adams
sailed for Tacoma yesterday. She has
on lj too apprentices aboard, as thirty
five of the boys were transferred to the
Philadelphia and five to the Oregon, while
a number were left behind on the Pen
sacola The training ship will finish the
cruise which was interrupted to allow
some of the officers to be examined at
Mare Island for promotion. From here
she goes to Tacoma, Seattle, Port Orch
ard Port Townsend, Portland and buck
to Han Francisco.
Superintending Engineer C. C. Lacey of
the Pacific Coast Steamship Company,
stationed at Seattle, Is in the city for a
few days. Mr. Lacey was formerly chief
engineer of the Umatilla and has a host
of friends in San Francisco, all of whom
are glad to see him once more.
George Robertson, a painter, died from
morphine poisoning in the Harbor Hos
pital yesterday morning. He took a room
ai <W5 Howard street early in the morn
ing and at 7 a. m. was found in a dying
condition. The ambulance took him to
the hospital and Drs. yon der Leith and
Himmeisbtich did all they could, but the
case was hopeless. Robertson was about
40 years old and had a cousin who lives
on Jessie street.
Patrick Cushley, a fireman on the
tramp collier Robert Adamjson, struck
the engineer In the face yesterday be
caftse the latter refused him shore leave.
He was arrested and charged with as
sault at the Harbor police station.
Frank Knight had his hand crushed in
Fulda'B planing mill yesterday. His
little finger was amputated at the Har
bor Hospital.
John Berg of East Oakland had his
hand crushed In the Occidental foundry.
Four fingers on his left hand were am
putated by Drs. yon der Leith and
Rosencran'tz at the Harbor Hospital.
Attachment Against a Railway.
NEW YORK, Aug. 4.— Deputy Sheriff
Carraher to-day received an attachment
for J2H.000 against the Northwest Rail
road Company of Oregon in favor of
Charles M. Reed, formerly loaned to the
company. The Sheriff also received an
attachment against the Northwest Cop
per Company at the same address for
(4030 in favor of Florence 11. Shattuck on
a note made by the company on March
10. The company was Incorporated in Oc
tober with a capital stock of $2,500,000.
Charles M. Reed was president.
Hop-Pickers in Demand.
PLEASANTON, Aug. 4.— The Pleasan
ton Hop Company Is advertising ex
tensively for pickers to handle the Im
mense crop of hops which will be ready
for harvesting about September 1. The
company has three hundred acres in hops
and the yield is the best In years. It
will pay S*o cents a hundred instead of 75
cents, as in former years, and the man
ager says this probably will be increased
to $1 if the company cannot induce help
to come at the former figure. Whole fam
ilies are needed and they will find several
weeks' work.
Soldiers Back From Alaska.
WOODLAND, Au(f. 4. — Aboard the
Charles W. Nelson, which arrived in San
Francisco on Thursday afternoon, were
Grant Marden. E. E. Hutchison, L. D.
Lyford, S. T. Whittle, F. B. Lester and
R. W. Myrick, Woodlandites, who until
recently wore members of Battery A,
Third Artillery, stationed at St. Michael.
They have not yet arrived In Woodland.
Reception to a Volunteer.
WOODLAND. Aug. 4.— Corporal Frank
Russell, late of the United States Signal
Corps at Manila, was tendered a reception
at the residence of his parents in this
county on Thursday evening. Friends
from all sections of the county were pres
ent to extend a cordial greeting to the
young officer.
Theater for Grass Valley.
GRASS VALLEY, Aug. 4.— This city is
to have a new theater. Hon. J. F. Kid
der is to erect the structure at a cost of
from $20,000 to $25,000. The contract has
been let to Carp & Holmes of San Fran
cisco. Holmes was here yesterday- and
paid that work would be commenced at
once ■ > ; "'^
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
PRIZE-FIGHTERS ARE
LANDED IN PRISON
Many Prominent Citizens Trembling in Fear
of Warrants—Principals Admit the
Battle Was for Blood.
a Thursday night in the center of Oakland, which is patrolled ,
h by several police officers, two youths met in a basement and fought ,
a to a finish before a hundred or so of spectators prominent in the a
a business and official life of this city. One of the fighters was a
a knocked to the cement floor, sustaining a blow which rendered a,
him insensible and from which he did not revive till a bucket of ty
■') iced water was thrown over him. ()
The detail* of the affair and the fact that an officer of the ('
) Reliance Club had made a strong protest to the police regarding <?
$ the beastly exhibition were published exclusively in The Call yes- V
v tcrdax. A few hours after the news zvas out the principals and V
v their seconds were arrested and steps arc being taken to procure \
\ warrants for the arrest of the spectators. \
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Aug. 4.
Jakey Baumgarten of Oakland,
principal.
Archie Permien. Jakey's second.
Musa Bryam of Zanzibar, principal.
— Dalton, second to Bryam.
These four prize-fighters are in the City
Prison, and all but Dalton have confessed
that they took part in the brutal prize
fight in the basement of Fred Gatter's
shaving parlor last night.
Many prominent merchants, professional
men and not a few county officials and
others connected with the Sheriff's depart
ment are also in fear and trembling that
their names may be on the list now being
prepared by Chief of Police Hodgkins,
and for each of which a warrant will be
.sworn out for attending the fight.
The details of this brutal exhibition
were told exclusively in The Call this
morning. As soon as it was generally
known that such a violation of the law
ha.l taken place great indignation was ex
pressed, and as soon as the papers were
on tl<> streel officers were searching for
the principals and seconds. The first to
be arrested was Jtikey Baumgarten, the
winner of the fight. At the City Prison
he broke down entirely, shed tears copi
ously and told Captain Peterson a detailed
story "f the incident. Jakey wilingly ad
mitted that the prize light had been pre
pared by a number of sports on Broad
way, who had hung up the magnilicent
purse of $9 for the winner. He acknowl
edged that it was a contest for blood
and that they started it with the intention
of fighting to a mar. -- That Musa was not
NOT FIFTEEN, YET
A SLICK LITTLE THIEF
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Aug. 4.
Josephine King, the clever little bunko
woman, who has carried out several petty
jobs around the bay during the past four
months, was arrested this morning. She
was sitting on a bench at Frnltvafe wait
ing fur an electric car when the officers
who were searching for her told her she
was wanted at the City Prison.
Josephine did not express any surprise
and admitted that some of the Jewelry
she was wearing was part of that stolen
from the house of Mrs. C. I* Frank. Al
though she had given Mrs. Frank the
name of Viola Clinton she did not hesi
tate to tell the police her true name and
admit that she had several others.
Though under sixteen years of age the
girl has had a lively experience. She has
frequently procured employment at
houses as a nurse girl and after remain- i
ing sufficiently long to become acquainted
with the locution of valuables she would
watch her opportunity. Bteal the jewelry'
and disappear. The last place at which
she carried out her scheme was Mrs.
Frank's on Webster street. She took from
there jewelry valued at $IT>O. and for sev
eral days baffled the detectives. She might
not have been discovered had not she
been keeping company with a young fel- j
low who was known to the police. A i
watch was set on him and this partly
led to the girl's arrest.
To Chief Hodgklns Josephine told her
story, which does not differ greatly from
the stories told by hundreds of other I
young girls who land in jail. Last
April she ran away from her home in
San Francisco and has been keeping com
pany with young men whose Influence
was not for the best. It is believed that j
one of these acquaintances induced her
to commit the robberies and was a sharer
in the proceeds.
The girl when arrested wore a dress
belonging to Mrs. Frank and at the City-
Prison she was permitted to change it and
the stolen garment was handed to its
owner. Josephine had just secured em
ployment near the Hermitage and her
employers were very much surprised to
| learn from the detectives this afternoon
that they had in' their house such a clever
little confidence operator. When Sergeant
Green arrested her she took him to the
house and showed him much stolen prop
erty, stating at the same time that the
rest of the plunder was at a house in
Alameda. ________________
STUFFERS' NAMES ARE OFF.
The Register Purged of Illegal Pri-
Mary Voters.
"Brick" Dolan, proprietor of the Crystal
House, at 673 Howard street, and his
seventeen lodgers who were suspected of
false registration, did not appear when
their names were called yesterday morn
ing at the meeting of the Board of Elec
tion Commissioners. The lodgers had been
cited to appear to prove their residence
in Dolan's district. On motion of Com
missioner Sheehan Registrar Steppacher I
was Instructed to strike their names from I
the register if they should not show up j
during the .day. None of them turned up.
Seven other names from a house at 107 ;
New Montgomery street were also or
dered stricken off. A resolution was I
adopted by the board granting permission
to Mr. Steppacher to hire all the deputies j
he might need on election day and during ;
the week following. He was also em
powered to examine all persons suspected
of fraudulent registration. The board ad
journed to meet again on Monday morn
ing at 10 o'clock.
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce on the ground of
desertion have been granted by Judge
Bahrs to Fritze Ellis from Hyman Ellis,
Frank M Affleck from Julia Affleck and
Joseph H. Hecht from Christina Hecht.
Suits for divorce on the ground of failure
to provide have been filed by Carrie E.
Centlivre against Charles F. Centlivre,
Josephine Sellinger against George Sel
llnger and Susan S. Marten against Fred
erick S. Marten.
For the Medal Fund.
Eight hundred dollars was subscribed
yesterday for the medal fund for the re
turning California Regiment by the cus
toms employes. More are to be heard
from and it is expected that $1500 In all
•will 6e obtained from this source-
killed when he fell heavily on the cement
basement lloor is regarded as somewhat
of a miracle, and his freedom from a se
vere accident is explained by himself in
the fact i hat his head is harder than the
usual heud.
A couple of hours later Musa was
brought in and also charged with a felony.
Then Archie Permien and Dalton, a col
ored man, were arrested for acting as
seconds, though Dalton denies that he of
ficiated in any such capacity.
The basement in wnien the fight war,
held was crowded with the men wno had
arranged the match and who had sub
scribed on an average 10 cents apiece to
.-•'. two youths batter each other. There
was no science in the combat and appa
rently no one to see that the ordinary
rules of fighting were enforced. No one
will admit being referee, and the report
that a prominent doctor acted in that
capacity was denied this afternoon by
the Chief of Police. The youths Hew at
each other for a couple of minuce.-, and
whether the blow that felled Mu.sa was
foul or not cannot be learned, fur no one
will admit being a witness to the bloody
affair. There was considerable talk th.it
Musa had been seriously injured, and he
did not revive until one of the bystanders
tbtew a bucket ■<( tcewater over Mm.
Chief Hodgkins is compiling a list of all
the spectators and when he is satisfied
that he has it about complete he will have
warrants Issued for their arrest. Already
he has about twenty names, and it in
cludes a few officials who are supposed to
do all in their power to prevent such ex
hibitions as that of last night.
This afternoon Judge Smith fixed the
ball of the prisoners at $2, r »0 cash or $500
bonds. Thp spectators will be charged
with misdemeanor and $30 cash bail and
a fictitious name will save them from
undue publicity.
Some of Baumgarten's friends fur
nished a bond and he was released this
evening.
DUTRA MUST DEED
BACK ALL HIS PROPERTY
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Aug. 4.
Doeds to some property and the transfer
of a life Insurance policy are now pre
venting ttie reconciliation of Frank Dutra,
the wealthy farmer of Eden Township,
and his pretty young wife, Wha eloped a
few days ;:l.'o With a farmhand.
It has been reported that the Dutras
were reconciled, but such is not the case,
and the friends of Mrs. Dutra are wry
anxious to correct what they declare Ja a
false impression regarding her actions.
They deny forcibly that there was any
real elopement. Mrs. Dutra merely
walked away from her home and came to
Oakland with a gentleman friend, who,
they assert, returned to San Leandro
later the Fame evening.
Al Vargas has prepared a signed state
ment of this sensation that has shocked
the Portuguese colony in the township.
He says that Mrs. Dutra and young
ITorst did not elope. "The lady found Mr.
Forst in the San Leandro Creek, and they
sat down near the road and indulged in a
conversation. Here the husband found
them and then he went into town ml de
nounced them. The same evening Forst
ttvok the wife to Oakland and retuine.l to
San Leandro with her later, going tc the
home of her brother-in-law. The follow
ing day the husband went to his brother's
bouse asking him to put her out. Throe
days later Dutra repented and was very
anxious for a reconciliation, but in t!n>
interval her husband had transferred his
property and also his life insurance pol
icy to other parties. The young wife's
friends advised her not to consent to a
reconciliation until her husband put the
property and the policy of the U. P. E. C.
in their own names.
"Mrs. Dutra says she will return to him
when he has done this. He frequently
goes to see her, but refuses to o'come
reconciled to her except such reconcilia
tion be entirely without conditions."
This story differs materially from that
told by Mrs. Dutra's sister, who said a
few days ago that her sister had deliber
ately decided to leave her husband and
even took her personal effects with her.
In the meantime the whole Portuguese
colony is discussing the troubles cf the
Dutras, the farmer being a leader among
them. __________
Attacked by a Spaniard.
OAKLAND. Aug. 4.— Thomas Woods, a
colored man, was attacked at Melrose
early to-night by a Spaniard armed with
a knife and revolver, who swore that he
would kill him, Mrs. Woods or any con
stable threatening to interfere. Deputy
Sheriff Quinian arrested the desperado
before he had inflicted any serious injury
on Woods and booked him under the name
of John Doc at the County Jail for as
sault with a deadly weapon. The Spaniard
had been drinking and refused to divulge
his name.
Another Slight Temblor.
OAKLAND, Aug. 4.— A slight earth
quake shock was felt in this city about
117 o'clock this afternoon. Windows,
chandeliers and doors shook perceptibly
and clocks were stopped. Some residents
rushed into the streets. The duration Of
the temblor was brief and so far as can
be learned no damage was done.
Will Enter the Militia.
GRASS VALLEY, Aug. 4.— Company I
will be officially mustered into the Na
tional Guard service by Colonel J. W.
Guthrie of Sacramento on Thursday, Au
gust 1? The company is composed of a
fine body of young men, many of whom
served during the late war, and will be a
creditable military organization.
Drowned in the Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 4.— Clarence El
mer Hamilton, an IK-year-old boy. was
drowned In the river to-day. He was
crossing on a plank from a launch to a
barge. The plank springing with him,
he Ml headlong into the water and never
rose. _
Kills Herself Accidentally.
SAN DIEGO, Aug. 4.— Word is received
from Ensenada that Miss Amy Bennett,
*>5 years old. accidentally shot an«l killed
herself with a pistol. She was the daugh
ter of Charles Bennett, one of the largest
ranchers in that part of Lower California.
Murderer's Death Delayed.
SEATTLE. Wash., Aug. 4.— A stay of
execution was granted by Superior Judge
Jacobs to-day In the case of Charles \V.
Nordstrom, sentenced to be hanged on
August 11. The stay is operative ponding
Nordstrom's appeal to the Supreme Court.
INSANE SEAL
HUNTER PUZZLES
OAKLAND POLICE
William Little Is a Man
of Mystery.
Oakland office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Aug. 4.
William Little, aged 29 years and sup
posed to be a seal hunter lately from Vic
toria, B. C, is Oakland's latest mystery.
The police authorities and the Commis
sioners of Lunacy are considerably puz
zled over the stranger, and the belief
prevails among some that the young man
is wanted in British Columbia for some
crime which in his efforts to hide has un
hinged his mind.
Little's advent into this city became
known last night when he was found
prowling about the buildings in the rail
road yards at the foot of Peralta street.
He was apparently searching for some
thing with the aid of two lanterns he had
helped himself to. Night Watchman 1.
H. Brown, observing the stranger, ap
proached him and inquired what he was
after. Apparently taken by surprise. Lit
tle answered: "Don't you see them?
Don't you hear them groaning? 1 fixed
them plenty."
Brown immediately summoned the po
lice and had the trespasser taken to the
receiving hospital for insane. At the hos
pital the young man, after being informed
of his arrest and giving his name, age and
occupation, refused to divulge any other
facts that might lead to his identity or
antecedents, loafer he became violent
and made an attack on Steward Borchert.
who he said was a sea lion which must
be killed. It was necessary to strap him
down.
When eamined this afternoon by Drs.
W. F. B. Wakefleld and A. H. Pratt noth
ing in the way of information could be
drawn out of him except an intimation
that he has a brother in an asylum in
Utah. . ,
His pockets were searched, and in them
was found a bankbook showing a deposit
of $75 in the Victoria branch of the Bank
of British Columbia, also two baggage
checks stamped by the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company. In his purse he had
$fj 15, also some English coins and a bogus
dollar. He was fairly well dressed and
curried a Waltham gold watch with plain
chain.
On a slip of paper was found an ad
dress, "Third and Howard streets, S. F.
Detective Herbert with this clew hurried
to the metropolis and learned that Little
had been stopping a day or so at a hotel
at the address given.
Late this afternoon Little was taken be
fore Judge Hall and committed to the in
sane asylum at Stockton.
An effort will be made to secure Little a
trunk or baggage, and District Attorney
Allen will in a few days apply for letters
of guardianship on the estate.
ALMOST ENDED IN A
COLD-BLOODED MURDER
OAKLAND, Aug. 4.— A cold-blooded \
murder was narrowly averted at the cigar ;
store of Henry C. Poole, corner of Sev- J
enth and Pine streets, early this evening. !
As it is, S. J. Drew, a brakeman in the
employ of the Southern Pacific Com
pany, is lying at his home, RB3 Bay street, j
where a physician is treating him for nu- i
merous ugly wounds inflicted with a large j
pocket knife.
His assailant, Wm. Connelly, aged 20 j
years, is booked at the City Prison for j
an assault with a deadly weapon. Dennis
Connelly, a brother one year younger,
over whom the trouble arose, is also a
prisoner, charged with disturbing the j
peace. Bad blood has existed between j
the younger Connelly and Drew for some
time. When they met this evening in
.West Oakland the former addressed a vile ;
epithet to the hraKeman. The latter re- |
b< nt. il and a mix-up followed in which '
Connelly was felled to the ground. His j
friends picked him up and an hour later*
he and his brother hunted up Drew,
whom they found seated in front of j
Poole' s cigar store.
To avoid a renewal of hostilities Drew
stepped into the store, but William Con- ■
nolly followed him. and whipping out a !
large pocket knife declared he would "fix
him." at the same time calling him a vile
name and lunging his weapon at Drew's ;
face. The first blow cut a gash across j
Drew's nose, another inflicted a wound I
near the mouth, the third grazed the :
brakeman's chest, cutting through his
vest and the fourth gashed Drew's hand.
But for the timely interference of by
standers a murder seemed inevitable. Of
ilcer McKeegan was summoned and ar
rested the Connolly boys.
William Connolly was arrested about
three months ago in connection with the !
bras* robberies at the West Oakland rail
road yards. The charge was reduced to
petty larceny, and Police Judge Smith at
the time suspended sentence.
FOND HUSBAND HIT
HER WITH A SPADE
OAKLAND. Aug. 4.— Bloodshed marked
the latest chapter In the matrimonial
troubles of Mr. and Mrs. J. Hays at their
home on Second street to-day. Margaret
Hays who is a corpulent person of 62
years, presented herself at the Receiving
Hospital this afternoon to be treated for
an ugly though not serious incised wound
on the right side of her head. When
asked by Steward Borchert in what man
ner rhe'wound, from which blood flowed
copiously, had been inflicted the injured
wife replied: "I was hit with a spade by
my fond husband, who is a native of
Dunne Gall, near the County of Mayo,
Ireland; but he'll be sorry yet." The pa
tient vigorously objected to having the
wound stitched with the physician's
needle, which she termed a "bogie in
strument." The wound was therefore
given simply an antiseptic dressing,
tapped off with a coat of healing powder,
which gave It the appearance of high
priced strawberry shortcake, as the stew
ard facetiously put it. Mrs. Hays hus
band, it is understood, took offense at
the remark made by his wife that ' he
didn't come from her town."
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURERS, MERCHANTS
AND JOBBERS.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
PLEASE MENTION "THB CALL."
BELTINO.
m rcr.FV Manufacturer of Beltineand
LP. DfcUfcN, Lace Leather. IOS-lOTMis-
sion St . cor. Spear^^elepnone Main 562.
BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship
Cffiw and Works-113-115 MISSION ST.
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THESAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPAM.
342 to 350 Geary Street, above Powell.
PERIODICALS. BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
COAL*COKB AND PIQ IRON.
j. C. WILSON & CO.,
900 BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1864.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H. BLYTH. MgT.
C. *i- Smith, Ship Plumbing. Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty. 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone Main 5641.
THROUGH FRAUD
AND DECEIT SHE
LOST HER LOTS
Berkeley Woman Says
She Was Bunkoed.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. Aug. 4.
If the charges of fraud and deception
alleged by Marie B. Samouillet in a rather
sensational complaint filed in the Superior
Court this afternoon are true, she has
been victimized out of her property in
Berkeley in a manner that has few equals.
The suit iB directed against Thomas F.
Gregory and Patrick J. Marron. though
the Pacific States Savings, Loan and
Building Company and several others ot
fictitious names are joined as defendants.
According to Mrs. Samouillet's com
plaint, prepared by Attorneys Whitwortlx
and Shurtleff of San Francisco, plaintiff
on July 11 last was the owner of three
valuable lots on Addison street, near
Milvia. Berkeley, together with the tene
ments and hereditaments thortuntu be-
longing.
'•On the said last namrf date." recites
the complaint, "the plaintiff was by the
above named defendants. Thomas F.
Gregory and Patrick .1. Marron. induced
to agree to «ell and convey the said prop
erty to them for the price of $3500 in
fnited State? sold coin, to be paid an>l
which they affreed to pay as follows, viz.:
$500 cash at the time of conveyance or
delivery r.f deed and the balance thereof—
to wit, $::000— within — years thereafter,
to be evidenced and secured by promis
sory note secured by a first mortgage
upon the property."
Continuing, the complaint recites that
nn the same day plaintiff was induced by
defendants to sign, acknowledge and de
liver to them a deed to the property, with
the understanding that they would forth
with pay hpr $310 and deliver to her the
$3000 promissory note, together with a first
mortgage. After paying plaintiff but $400
defendants bad the deed recorded and
have since fraudulently and falsely rep
resented to the public, so says the com
plaint, and to persons to whom they have
tried to sell that they owned the three
lots. Plaintiff alleges further that the
Pacific States Savings and Loan Company;
now asserts some claim to thr> property.
Mrs. Samouillet asks that the court de
cree that the conveyance was obtained
by fraud and deceit and that ownership
be restored to her. or that defendants be
ordered to pay her the balance as origin
ally agreed upon.
THRASHED THE MAN WHO
HAD INSULTED HER
RUSSELL PARISER LEARNS A
LESSON ON GARBULITY.
I ALAMEDA, Aug. 4.— Russell Parlser. a
young- man employed by the Southern Pa-
I cific Company, was thrashed on Park
! street last night by Florence Smith, a
; girl well known about the city. Sergeant
I Kamp of the police force looked on while
I the beating was being administered but
made no effort to protect the youth who
had been made the object of Miss Smith's
| wrath.
Parlser, whose home Is on Central aye-
I nue, near Oak street, associates with a
■ crowd of youthful sports who congregate
i nightly in front of the cigar stores <n
; Park street and have made a practice of
applying insulting remarks to ladie3 or
young girls who happened to pass them.
Several evenings ago the Smith girl ac
costed Parlser and a companion with
i whom she happened to be acquainted. ...he
j said something to the companion that did
not suit Pariser's fancy, and he told the
girl to "shut up her mouth." She retorted
I by telling him that she would "smash hia
i face" as soon as the opportunity present-
I ed Itself. Pariser told her that Mrs. Pre»
--| cott, agent of the Society for the Suppr.es
sion of Vice, was looking for her. This
, riled the young woman, and she pro-
I ceeded to carry out her threat to smash
faces there and then, but Parlser made his
I escape. He kept off Park street after
' that experience until last night, when ho
again appeared at his usual haunts.
Miss Smith was on the lookout for him
She met Sergeant Kamp on the street and
I complained to him that Pariser had in
sulted her. Kamp stepped up to the young
man to caution him against such action
in the future under penalty of arrest.
While he was talking to him Miss Smith
walked up and, with the remark, "You
. dirty pup!" hit Pariser over the right eye
with her clinched fist. The blow was a
stinging one and dazed the young man
l Before he recovered from the shock he re
i ceived another whack on the side of his
i face. The second blow was evidently more
painful than the first, for Pariser' began
to cry. and begged the policeman to pro
tect him. The officer seemed to enjoy the
fun, and did not interfere, and Pariser fled
into a nearby cigar store to escape Mies
! Smith's wrath.
The young snorts who congregate on
' Park street at night have been a source of
| much annoyance, and Miss Smiths action
■ in taking the law into her own hands has
! been commended. The police are falling 1
: in for a deal of criticism in making no
attempt to reprimand the "statues."
Will Sell the Yacht Whirlwind.
OAKLAND. Aug. 4.— Superior Judge
Hall to-day issued an order authorizing 1
A. W. yon Schmidt, administrator of the
estate of the late E. A. yon Schmidt, to
sell the yacht "Whirlwind at public or pri
vate sale. The yacht is now lying in the
mud of the estuary, fast deteriorating
in value, and the administrator fears that
if it is not promptly sold the yacht, made
famous during the life of its owner, will
become utterly worthless.
Iteath's Sudden Summons.
OAKLAND. Aug. 4\— Miss Annie Stew
art died very suddenly this morning at
the home of H. A. Chittenden, 205 Twelfth
street, where she had acted as house
keeper for several years. The Coroner's
jury at the inquest held to-night brought
in a verdict that death was due to fatty
degeneration of the heart. Deceased was
a native of Illinois, aged 45 years.
] „ FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
: I4C D'IVI."C Jt m Shipping Butchers, 104
; JA3- DJlt3 4 LU., day. Tel. Main 1294.
HARDWARE.
PAI,ACE Hardware Co., Importers and Deal-
ers In hardware. 603 Market: tel. Main 752.
, IR")N FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry. Morton &Hedley. Props.
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every Ue-
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
PAPER DEALER 9.
\A/II I AMCTTP PULP AND PAPER CO,,
YIILLMIYILI IL 722Montzomery Str«»t,
PRINTIN3.
E- C- HUGrIEo«Bn Sansome street.
THE mCKS-JUDP CO-, M SiSS!3-ri^
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Telegraphic p/t RTRIFIGF 06 aI1 "
Co»l«B. r /\l\. I IVIUUI- fornia Bt
WHift: ASH STEAM COAL.
Mined by the
ELA^G D R I^ N R^ E O R AL COL I^rk C S O - " 1U
Ig the Best Coal In the Market,
9fflce and Yard»— toO Main street.
910
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BTTSIKEES OFFICE of th* Ban Franclsoo
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every nltrht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
KM Hayes street; open until 9:80 o'clock.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:50 o'clock.
GIB Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
3941 Mif.'l^n street: oren until 10 o'clock.
3SI Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
tintil 9 o'clock.
100 Eleventh «tr«et: open until 9 ©clock.
J."2fl Mission street; npen until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tu^kv ftr-erts; npen until 0 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
FUNERAL notice— California Command- -jfc_ j
cry No 1 K. T.— Officers and mem- MT
bers are hereby notlned to assemble in rj
the asylum THIS DAY (Saturday), W 1
August 5, at 2:30 o'clock p m., for ihe w
purpose of attending the funeral ol "'""
deceased ater SIR ALEXANDER L. HAW-
KINS, late Colonel Tenth Pennsylvania voi-
unteers. By or.: of i
SIR JOHN TONNINGSEN, Commander. j
SIR HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder,
ASYLUM of Golden Gate Commandery -Km
No. 16, K. T., -' Sutter st. — Officers usttj""
and members are hereby ordered to tf3j
assemble In full uniform at the asy- "OP"
lum on SATURDAY, August 3, at 2 T
o'clock, ' ir the purpose of acting as esrort
at the funi of our late frater, Sir ALEX-
ANDER L. HAWKINS late colonel of the
Tenth Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry. By :
order of the Eminent mmander.
WILLIAM T. FONDA. Recorder.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5, R A. >.i , a
will meet THIS (SATURDAY) EVEN-
ING. August 5, at 7::.0 o'clock. M. /£>7v
M. desire. By orJer of the H. P. / V
Fit AN KLIN H. DAY. Seo.
OCCIDENTAL Lodjje Tco. 22, F. and A. _
M , will meet THIS DAY (Saturday). JV \
at 8:30 o'clock, tv conduct the funeral^rjjj* j
(services of our late sojourning brother, '?*^/ x I
Colonel ALEXANDER LE ROY HAWKINS, j
Officers and members of the 1 idgea In San I
Fra:. : cordially invited to participate, j
By order ol the \v. M. !
WALTER G. ANDERSON, Secretary.
MISSION LodKe No. 1G!». F. and A. M.— •
Called meeting THIS (SATURDAY) _.
eeting THIS (SATURDAY) .J^_
EVENING at 7 ■:■:■■ o'clock. Third de- iSjf
irree. 11. C. BUNKER. Se /V> ;
EXCEI Degree I,:>.iEe No. 2, ntfytyt :
I. O. O F.— Members of th->igygS^'i ■
degree team are requested to <??'s*Ws3?? ;
meet THIS (SATURDAY) '•WlSff
EVENING, at S o'clock arp, for drill pre- j
paratory to visiting Berkeley Lodge.
A. K. KINGSFORD. D. M.
hers California Society _§Rfi^B'i^^_ffls__
are requested to at- j
the fur.erai "i" our late jSMi*^^ !
RING from Pio- n * •"™ "^
neer IlnJl THIS DAY (Saturday), at 2 ,
o'olock p. m. J. I. SPEAR., Sec.
A. O. H., Division No. — A spooialfe^K*> ',
meeting of this division will he held \j"Jfi j
-at Hlbemia Hall, 120 Ninth street, on "*V$
BUNDAY, August 6. 1899, at 2:3otrVc4i i
p. m., to make ftna] arrangements for »T^_o I
our picnic at Harbor View Park. September |
i, 1891. BARTLEY LEE, Pres.
T. L. CLANCY Sec.
REBEL Cork Benevolent ciety— Thirteenth
annual picnic of this Boclety will take place '
at Shell Mound Park on SUNDAY, Aug 6. |
Kac^s and games for old and young, for which 1
valuable prizes will be awarded; also a long
list of gate prizes. The committees are not
limited to the programme, a.s the society has
reserved sufficient cash for any game that
the committees may deem proper. A union
band, piper and Qddler will be In attendance.
Adults ticketa. f.oc; children under 12 years
free. Boats leave ferry every half hour.
ANNUAL meetinp— The Risdon Iron and Loco- |
m< live Works— annual meetinz of the j
stockholders of the Risdon Iron and Locorr.o- .
tive Work*, for the election of trustees for the ;
ensuing: year and the transaction of such i
other ine«s as may be brought before th« I
meeting, will be held at the office of the com- J
pany. southeast comer of Beale and Howard :
ets.. S:m Francisco, on "lONDAY. the 7th
<3a\ of August. 1599. at 11 o'clock a. m. -'I
I. R. T-.TKAIi Secretary.
ACCOUNTANTS.
E. K. BALLARD. 401 Cal. St., designs, nudlts &
adjusts accounts for corporations & llrrr.s: ref.
•\ ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
i!AGUIRE & GALLAGHER— James G Ma- :
iraire (ex-Congressman) and Jainen L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) hays
moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
ing, K25-555 Market St.; tel. South 215.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private; ;
no fee without success; collections. G. W. ';
KOWE. atty at law, ado Market, cor. Stocktn. '
J. R. PARKER, 916 Market St., mom 67; advice |
fr»e: charge low; business pushed.
NAGLE & NAGLE, Attorney*-at-Law. Emma
Spreckels Building, K7 Market st.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels building, 927
Market; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free: no charpe unless successful. W. I
V-' I'AVIi>SO>: 527 Market Pt.. opp. Mason.
DUARD AND ROOMS.
HOTKtTvAAixMOVST— Strl^tTy^rßt^classTTTTl
Market St., S. F. Cal.; American and Euro- j
pean plan; elegantly furnished rooms, single .
or en suite; board and room, $1 p«?r day up; j
»ulte» without board. $1 per day; single rooms, 1
50c; special rates by month, also to tourists.
VAN NESS. 1714— Best location in city: rooms
new and elegantly furnished; board splendid;
slnple. double or suite of rooms; private
boarding house: only select people need apply.
BUNNY home for children, near school; large ]
KTOunds; mother's care; $5 to $10 per month.
MISS WILSON, ISB West Mission, near 13th. ;
BOARDING In private Spanish family; very j
convenient commercial men; ref. 225 Geary.
AT 415 First Bt.— Nicely furnished rooms, with |
beard. $5 a week up; Swedish home: parlor, !
O'FARRELL, 742— Clean 'comfortable rooraa; ]
good home conking; special rates to gents.
POWELL. 309 (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union !
Sq. — Restaurant, dining rm.; cen. for lunches, i
JSUTTER. 112S — Lovely sunny rooms with board;
pretty garden; home cooking.
BOARD AND ROOMS AVANTED.
BY Japanese student in University; private
American family; north of Market. Box 1114. I
Call office. :
HOARDING I'OR CHILDREN.
OOOD home for 1 or 2 children at lift Isls st. I
MRS. A. HODira.
OOOD home for one or two children over two j
years old; reasonable. Address box 1135. Call, j
ANTED— to board; $10 a month. 210 i
Lexington aye., near Nineteenth st.
BOOKS— AND OLD,
SCHOOL BOOKS bouzht and exchanged. I
Holmes Book Co.. 704 Mission St.. near Third. j
BVBIKKS9 CHAHCB9,
$2650; OLD-ESTABLISHED corner grocery
and b«r on Eddy st. ; a Bplendld location and |
lirat-class paying; stock will invoice the price; i
living rooms; horse and wagon; death In fam- j
ily only cause of sale. 11. G. WILKE, 906
Market st. :
$1200; SALOON and lunch house, with living i
rooms; surrounded by factories and ware- I
• house; rent $15; a money-making place. Call :
R. G. WILKE, &06 Market St.
A— s3so; DELICACY and dairy produce stand !
in leading market; horse, wagon; all fresh
goods; a bargain. Call R G. WILKE, 906 I
Market st.
A- $1250; SALOON on Third St., close to Call \
building: rent $80; established years and pay-
Ing splendidly; Investigate soon; a rare !
chance. R. <i. WILKE. 906 Market Et.
A— sl6o<); CORNER grocery and bar. with living
rooms; iow rent; estab. years; first-class pay-
ing; very best location on Hayes st. ; owner
to leave the city. WILKE, 906 Market st.
A— s3so; BAKERY In lively country town, close
to the city; rent $20; daily sales, $20; all ca»h
uto:- trade; full value In sight Call R. U.
WILKE. »0G Market st.
A— s6.'.O; SALOON; elegantly furnished; ostat* j
llshed many years and doing an average
business pi $15 per day; card rooms: cash ;
register; safe; fine oil paintings; located i
close to Palace Hotel; rent ;su; lease. Call !
R. <1. WILKE. 806 Market st. I
— WANTED— A partner to act as treas-
urer In a vaudeville show under circus can- !
vas; will guarantee profits to investor $.luu •
per month. Call WILKIE & CO., *06 Market. |
CORNER grocery and bar, in best part
Western Addition; present own*r there 6
years; must be sold at once on account of
settlement of estate. LESS & CO., 765 Mrkt. ,
— LODGING house, 14 rooms; well furnished; !
excellent location: steady roomers: Al tran- I
sient trade; Investigate. LESS & CO.. 765 Mkt. j
|400— FIRST-CLASS restaurant with 6 living !
rooms; excellent location; wel!-est.ibl!sh"d;
receipts $15 day; must be sold; rare bargain;
Investigate. M. LESS & CO., 765 Market st.
$150— RESTAURANT, bargain, this day, near
city; coct $500. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 ft
Market st..
$360— SALOON: bargain; sickness cause of
sale. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 ft Market st.
$100— PHOTOGRAPHIC and stationery busi-
ness; furniture: prosperous town near city:
bargain. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 ft Market.
FRUIT Etore, doing splendid business,
with Rood horse and wagon; owner compelled
to sell on account of Flckness. McLAUGH-
LLN _ CO.. 777*4 Market st. ..
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continned.
CITY front saloon and lunch house, billiard
table, etc.; clearing $100 monthly; call to-
day; $450. HEALY. 917 Market St. •
— CORNER grocery and bar; Western Ad-
dition; living rooms; full value in stock, etc.
HEALY. 917 Market st.
$175— LADIES, attention; branch bakery, candy,
etc.; rooms. HEALY, 917 Market at.
$125; BRANCH bakery and tomale parlor;
worth $300. KREDO & CO., 22ft Geary st.
A— s2oo; cigar btand near Market; daily receipts
$10; a borgain. KREDO & CO., 22ft Geary st.
— J2SCC; drug store; will Invoice price asked;
$30 dally. KREDO & CO.. 22ft Geary st.
$650 — CANDY, soda and Ice-cream parlors in
: good country town. Apply DECJCER, 1020 Mkt
MEAT market; established for years;
clearing $150 month. DECKER, 1020 Market.
A CIGAR store at great bargain this day.
COWING ft CO.. 935 Market Bt.
j $3T),CO^— free gold quartz claims; ledge 20
to 24 feet wide. HABILE. S Eddy Bt.
$»Sf>— PARTNER In first-class restaurant on
good street near Market. Inquire at Call.
FOR Bale Branch bakory and delicacy store.
2^17 Sixteenth St. • ■ :
FOR sale— A good home bakery; for particular*
inquire at 2. >ST> Market St., near Sixteenth.
.7. McELLIQOTT.
I SPLENDID location for first-class dressmaker
or milliner: tine Ftore. with living rooms.
702 McAlllFtor St.. near Gouch.
: FOR sale— Nice delicatessen and lunch room;
living rooms; fine location; cheap. Box 1119,
CrU. ■
AN ,ld established barber shop; 4 rooms I
chairs, fixtures; complete; rent cheap. Ad-
drees 1105 Howard st.
i LADY owns valuable mines: wants honest
workingman with some cash to help work
j mines. Address M., C2Bft 1 St., Sacramento,
j Cal : . ,
| HALF or full interest in prosperous black-
' smith and wagon shop; two flrea and turning
l lathe, water power; center of town; retires
j on account of age. Apply J. G. BISBEE,
! Auburn, Cal.
| GOOD barber shop for sale. Inquire 14ft Mont-
l gomery aye., terminus of Presidio street cars.
FOR SALE— Lark saloon, 12 Seventh st. Odd
Fellows' building; make offer.
j COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
I W. CASWELL & CO.'S, 412 Sacramento St.
I PROMINENT corner on Market st.: a cigar
i and tobacco business. ,T. M., box 1130, Call.
! ?350— RESTAURANT and 8 furnished rooms; 20
miles from city; regular boarders and tran-
sient trade; good reason for selling. Address
box 9C2. Call office.
j PARTNER wantod— Well known navigator
wants a party with some capital to Invest In
I vessel property, paying large profits; Investi-
gate Address box 1123, Call office.
FOR sale— Grocery and liquor store: very old
Ftand: Bituated Rt corner of Pine and Du-
pont. city; own.rs wishing to retire from the
I retail business; a good chance for one or two
■ persons with a moderate capital. For fur-
: tl-.er Information inquire at LENORMAND
BROS., SW. cor. Pine and Dupont sts.
i FIRST-CLASS paying butcher, sausage and
I'ork-parklnac business for eale in one of the
i best towns north of San Francisco. For par-
ticulars Inquire at thi6 office.
: PARTNER wanted, good house, 50 rooms.
$urnlsh-d, central; single man preferred. Box
! 1019, Call.
: BECK & CO. NOAH F. FLOOD. Attorney.
Buy. sell and exchange real estate and busi-
ness chances; loans and collections made. 935
Market Bt.
| HALF Interest in an established paying ho-
I tel; price $1500. 1007's Market, nr. 6th. r. 2.
FIRST-CLASS blacksmith shop for sale cheap;
I In city. Box 1479. Call office.
j FAMILY boarding-house: steady boarders: 14
rms.. all occupied; bargain. A.C.box 71. Call.
! BARGAIN— Meat market; S2SO; splendid lo-
cality: cash business. Apply owner. 6o6 Catjtro.
, CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
j ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
• 100 SETS eecond-hand harness; wagons, carts,
; buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
i WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
i send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
! J McQUEF.N'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
■ 453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
: ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st. ;
j tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
i CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
j J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.; cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
U. S. Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn., 308 Golden
Gate; carpets cleaned, 3c yd.; tel. Mint 346.
CONKLiN'S Carpet-beating Works. 233 Golden
Out" rv» : tel. East 126.
■' ■ l ~~— ~— ~!!~~i
CLtAMNG I. OM POUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Poete; a household blessing: a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR,
Agent. Office and factory, 21 Spear st.
~ CLAIRVOYANTS.
i PROFESSOR VAL,
The world's greatest clairvoyant and trance
medium, ha? arrived In San Francisco and
located at 1130 Market st. The recognized
leader of clairvoyance and occult science.
Do you wish to know facts you should
know'" If you will succeed In your under-
takings? If you will win your lawsuit? If
| your domestic troubles will soon end? If you
- will obtain your ambition? If you are loved?
If you will succeed in your love affairs? If
Blcit, will you be cured? If past troubles
I will torment you? If you are lucky In spec-
ulations? Do you wish information you ought
! to have concerning your ruture? Does an-
other share the love and attention that should
belong to you?
Causes Speedy and Happy Marriages.
Guarantees Success In All Cases.
Call and be convinced.
PROFESSOR VAL,
No. 1130— Market St.— 1130.
! MME. LANGE. the great clairvoyant, tells
I past and future; euros disease by sympathy;
never fails; lias the seven seals, the greatest
Egyptian secret of the world; shows picture
of future husband or wife: given lucky num-
bers: advice in all speculation, love and legal
affairs; any one consulting the madame will
be convinced that she Is no sham; tips on
race«>; prices 25c and up. Come and you
will be surprised. 910 Howard st.. near Fifth.
' Give satisfaction to everybody.
1 MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
I BiKht; diagnosis disease; full life readings;
! laales, BOc; gents, $1; sittings, $1 50. 12J Turk.
! MME HANSON, card reader and palmist; past,
present and futur" 25c. 148 Sixth St.. room 12.
MISS A L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. 2S Sixth St., rooms 2-3.
I ARRIVED— Prof. Haley; tells your life from
j cradle to grave. 50c, $1 up. 106 Taylor, par.3-5.
! MME MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader; 27>c up. 73 Fourth Ft., near Mission.
■ RFSPONSIBLE card reader tells your future by
cards; satisfaction yiar.; 25c. 1322 Mission.
'■ MME. AUGUST, 1149 Mission St., clairvoyant,
i card reader and palmist: truth or no pay; 25c.
i CONSULT on matters of business, health and
i happiness LAJHI, the Psychic. 120 A Eddy st.
: MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
; advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
' MME SYBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
hnnd's picture. 2.>; ladles. M 4 O'Farrell Bt
COLLECTION OFFICES-
i GEORGE W KELLY'S Agency:' charge un-
lesa successful. Room 310. 927 Market st
COTTAGES TO LET.
ONLY Nice, new. 4-room tenement; base-
ment. 17 Roscoe. st.. off Crescent aye. Apply
64 Silver Et.. iff Third.
DENTISTS.
I A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors, 927
Market st., over Cafe Zlnkand; teeth extract-
ed or filled without pain; electricity, gas or
i chloroform administered; the best and most
! artistic work at reasonable prices; pure gold
I filling, from $1; other fillings, from 60c;
i plates, from $4 50; flesh colored plates, from
j $5; porcelain or gold crown and bridge work
' <per tooth), from $3. We guarantee our work.
; Open evenlncs and Sundays.
A DISCOUNT of 20 per cent on all plates and
bridgs work until August 1 to Introduce our
new flesh-colored plates; thinner and stronger
than rubber; warranted for 20 years; crown
Bnd brldffe work teeth without a plate; fill-
ings. 50c; crowns. $3 50; plates, full set, $5;
all work painless and warranted. - CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS, 24 Sixth it.
! AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty;- gold crowns,
$3 50 up: plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sunday, 9to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret . method; crowns. $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market »t., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable: gas given.
VAN VROOM— ex'-.-actlon by electrio-
lty; guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 897 Market st. -■
THE SAN FRAK CISCO CALI,, SATUBDAY, AUGUST 5, 1899.
DENTISTS.
BET of teeth without > a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk Bt. ■
MEYER, 6 Turk: Deutscher Zahnarzt; crown
and brldsre work; open Sundays, 9 to 12 m.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Fillings, 50c up; crowns,
$3 up; open evenings. S5O Market st.
- ~EDI CATION
lIEALD'S Business College. .24 Post St., San
Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, telegraphy,
Knglish branches, civil and mining engineer-
Ing, assaying, blowpipe, geology, mineralogy,
surveying, etc.; electrical engineering— theory,
practice, design, construction, mechanical
drawing: 25 teachers; individual Instruction;
200 graduates annually placed in positions;
students can enter fcr any course any time;
no entrance examinations; Dew SO-paga cata-
free. : .___
HOLMES' College of Oratory— opens
August 1; elocution, literature, rhetoric, phy-
Bical culture, Delsarte, vocal music, piano,
violin. Journalism, practical acting, stam-
mering corrected; 15 instructors; degrees con-
ferred; day and evening classes. Address sec-
retary for catalogue, Odd Fellows" bldg., S. V.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the universities, law and medical col-
leges, teachers' examinations, etc.; special
courses in all English branches, languages,
mathematics, sciences, etc. ;. evening classes;
references. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor. Phelan building. •
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.. short-
hand, typewriting, bookkeeping, writing. Eng-
lish, telegraphy, under qualified teacher; low
rates: life scholarship, $50; catalogue.
A— HOPF'S Singing, Piano School; summer
rates, V>; French, Spanish daily. Merc. Li-
brary, C3O Golden Gate, r. 5-6-7; hours, 2 t.o 8.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, aesay, archi.; day and eve.
est. IS&4. VAN DER NAILLEN, 1)33 Market.
A LADY teaches piano, mandolin thoroughly;
BOc an hour; excellent pianist and accompanist
for entertainments and vocalists. 1209 Octavia.
ACCOUNTANTS and 'reporters as teachers;
EIMp system; nunny rooms; low rates: day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College. 1236 Markt.
M G. BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal), Instructs
in shorthand; pupils by mall. 302 Montgomery.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 205 Larkln St., opp. City Hall^
ENGLISH literature, classes or privte; special
Shakespeare classes. Mrx. Ehrman, 1234 Bush.
PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory in
Leipsic; lessons, 75c. 320 Golden Gate aye.
LAW Schools. 927 Market. S. F.. and 905 Broad-
■ way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mission nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kind*
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary st. ; tel. Grant 56.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chl-
nes.-. 42ti Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
EMPLOYMENT WANTKO — Female.
ENGLISH cook. 2ft years' reference, French
cook, superior In all kinds of cooking, Ger-
man. French and English styles, wish situa-
tlons. See J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter.
RESPECTABLE lady wants work by the day,
week or month; to sleep at home; any kind
I of general housework or halls or offices to
take charge of; $1 a day or 10c an hour; refer-
I ence if required. Box 1463, Call office.
! NEAT colored lady, intelligent, good nuree, de-
j Kires a position to attend doctor's office and
I wait on door, show patients into sitting-room;
reference. Box 1464. Call office.
l TAILORESS and dressmaker, 8 years' experi-
ence with flrst-clasa firms, desires appoint-
ments by tha day; tailor gown 6 a specialty.
IS9 O'Fanvll st., near Leavenworth.
GIRL from country, German, 13 years, wishes
to help and attend Bchool in . exchange for
home and some clothes. Address box 1197,
Call office. ■
MOTHER and son wish situations as cooke; un-
! derstand hospital and Institution cooking; son
I 30 years of age. Address 303 Third tt.. rm. 12.
I MIDDLE-AGED American woman with little
girl 2 years old wants place to cook; will go
to the country. 829 Mission st.
j YOUNG lady would like a position as stenog-
rapher or bookkeeper; has experience and
can give good reference. Apply 433 Fifth St.
YOUNG German cirl wishes a situation at
housework in small family; wages $15. SO
McAllister st.
I A RESPECTABLE woman would like work
In restaurant or boarding-house; small
wages. Box 1194. Call.
STRONG, reliable girl desires a position at
general work and cooking. Call at 221 Hick-
ory aye.
WANTED— By good cook and baker, situation
In private family. 1309 Larkin st.
i NEAT, competent woman; fine cook or general
housework. Present employer, 1151 Octavia.
j GERMAN woman would like plain sewing to
I do at home. 821 Mission. St.
! POSITION as cook; wages $30. 1 Martha place,
; off Geary, bet. Mason and Taylor.
SECOND girl desires position: first-class refer-
ences and experience. 114 Ellis st.
i A SWEDISH woman wishes laundry work In
I private family or Institution. 613 McAllister.
LADY wishes sewing and mending to do at
home. Call 150 Fourth St., room 7.
WOMAN would like work cleaning offices; no
postals. 210 Natoma st.
! THE McDowell Dressmaking Evening
class open July Ist; patterns cut. 103 Post st.
i GERMAN woman, first-class cook, wants situa-
tion in -hotel; wages $30 to $35; city refer-
encee. 79 Jessie St., near Second.
PLAIN sewing and mending for 1 week only.
11 Tavlor st., room 1.
i COMPETENT woman wishes situation to as-
| sist in general housework. Apply at 206 Eddy.
EXPERIENCED woman wishes a situation as
a cook and laundress, or will do housework,
In a private family. 10H Eighth st.
EXPERIENCED nurse wlsheß a few more en-
gagements as lady's nurse or care of in-
valid. Address 912 Howard st.
WANTED By respectable young lady, posi-
tion as working housekeeper. Address box
1106. Call.
WANTED— By competent woman as working
housekeeper; is good cook and manager of
place In country; has best references. 350 San
-Carlos aye.
LADY wishes position as chambermaid In
country or city hotel. Box 1478. Call office.
WANTED— By hospital trained nurse, care of
i invalid, or will give massage treatment. Ad-
I dress M., E27U Birch aye.
A CULTURED lady with Eastern certificate
I would like to Instruct ladles whose education
has been neglected. Address J. E., care of
Sherman. Clay & Co., cor. Kearny and Sutter.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $(
week: ccnvenlent and resix»ctable: free 'bus
and basreaee to anrl from ferry.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED
CHINESE an*l Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414 ft O'Farrell St.; tel. East 42G.
I MINING— Young man. 24, desires engagement
with gold mining company nr mine owner as
amalgamator: understands office and under-
ground work; best references. Apply box
1018, Call office.
COOK (German), 27 years of age, wishes a
steady position In a cafe, restaurant or 1a-
loon; Is a good cook and sober. Call F. M.,
774*; Folsom st.
YOUNG man wishes work to do on the type-
writer; copying or manuscript work, 4c per.
Address C. H. DARLING, 1301 Sacramento st.
WANTED Situation; good cook for country
boarding house. Call D 8 Third St., room 262,
HINRICH.
GOOD baker on bread and cakes wants a posi-
tion as foreman; city or country. Addrees
C. M., Diamond P. 0.. Alameda County.
SITUATION wanted to take care of horses and
garden; good driver: can mflk. Address
JULIUS KIECKBUSCH, New Adelaide, 614
Howard St., cor. New Montgomery.
STEADY solx>r man, married, desires employ-
ment In grocery store; 1 year's experience;
best of references. F. R. LORANGER, 701
Shotwell st.
ENGINEER and machinist; young, and very
handy with all kinds of tool*, also electrical
machinery; Al references. Box 1095, Call.
WANTED— Position as coachman and care of
horses; good references. Address box 1084,
Call office.
AS bartender; experienced: with best of per-
sonal references from Mr. Wllklns' Cliff
House. BARKEEPER. 87 Third st.
j MAN and wife desire to take charge of laundry
In an institution; have had several years' ex-
perience; first-class references. Box 1133. Call.
BEDMAKER. porter or other employment;
upeaks French and English. Address box
1126, Call office. .
BAKER, bread and cakes, wishes position. 606
Taylor st. '
INDUSTRIOUS German gardener; understands
the cars of lawn, flowers, vegetables, horses
and cows; very handy and willing; refer-
ences; city or country. Box 1096, Call. .■.
CIVIL engineer, competent In field or . office,
want* employment. Box 1494. Call.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
HIGHEST U. S. army, navy and Government
officials are using Mayerle's glasses. GEO.
M AYERLE, German Expert Optician, char-
ter member American Association of Opti-
cians, 1071 ft Market St., San Francisco, Cal.;
. glasses fitted by mall. ;;.>;/.i. .. ^
____^ EXCHANGE. _^
60 HOUSES and lots, from $500 to.. $20,000
30 In Oakland. Alameda, Berkeley: $50 to 60,000
44 ranches, from 2 to 2000 acres; $60 to.. 10,000
i 48 hotels, rooming, boarding houses: $200 6,000
74 stores, salpon.businesa places; $100 to 4,000
" HENRY C. DECKER. 1020 Market st._
! FIiATS TO LET.
A. M. SPECK~_~~CO7." 667'"MARKET ST.
• 810 Fell, 8r $40 , 52: i Linden ave.,4rsll
1 979 Post,. 8 r 37 50 418 Fulton. 3 r.... 9
1720 Page, 6 r 25 2028 Golden Gate, 8
784 Lyon, 6 r...... 25 1057 Golden G:ite.4r 10
Devisadero,6r 21 19 Erkson Ct.,4 rll
1225 Hayes, 5 r 20 S2O Buchanan, 3 r 8
43) 4th aye., 6 r.. 16 2055 Ellis. 3 r 8
SlB Buchanan, 6 r 15 39 Locust ave.,3r 7 50
—DALE ; place. 12, off Golden Gate aye.,
bet. Leavenworth and Hyde sts.— Four rooms.
CLAYTON. • 872, south . of Frederick— Upper
• sunny modern flat, 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
CORNER bay-window flat, 7 rooms, bath, gas;
cottage of 6 rooma. 1876 15th st., nr. Dolores.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & lIOWELL,
10 Montgomery st. - • ■
FLAT of 4 rooms; bay window and bath; $12.
716 Natoma et., bet. Eighth and Ninth.
i FULTON, 146— Good lower flat, 6 rooms, bath;
near City Hall; $16.
LEAVENWORTH, 19— Flat, 5 rooms, bath,
gas: modern Improvements: rent $15.
■ LOWER bay-window flat, 4 large rooms; bath;
; yard. 714 Franklin st.
j MIDDLE flat, 609 Fulton st.. 6 rooms and bath;
water free; rent $20.
RENT Three sunny rooms. 131S Jessie, off
Herman, bet. Valencia and Mission.
SUNNY. 3-room flat; modern improvements.
1913 O'Farrell st. _____
SUNNY flat of fi rooms, bath; rent reasonable.
3014 ft Twenty-sixth st., near Florida.
| SUNNY flat. 8 rooms; also house IS rooms, cor-
ner; moderate. Apply 542 Haight st.
TWENTY-F1R5T73239. bet. Mission and Valen-
cia — Sunny lower flat; garden; cellar; rent
$19 50; 6 rooms and bath.
3 AND 4 room flats, with large yard and
stahles. 2 Hayward St., near Eighth, off
Harrison.
, 4 SUNNY rooms; yard. 17 Hampton place, oft
Folsom, bet. Second and Third.
1 NICE unfurnished flats. 4 rooms each; water
free; $10 and $11. Apply 12UB Bush st.
FLATS TO LET FurnlnlieU.
I FINE furnished bay-window flats: 5 and 3
rooms. Inquire 819 Diamond St.; rent $20. $1!.
FtJKNITLK— I'OK SALE.
CARPET— yards Moquette. 26 yards velvet,
40 yards tapestry, 25 yards linoleum; cost
$205; almost new; will sell cheap. C. R.
HANSEN JR., 104 Geary st.
160 YARDS of Moquette, velvet and tapestry
carpets; 20 yards linoleum; new, but cut and
laid; for sale cheap; cost $190. Address box
1196, Call office.
{ PARLOR set of 6 pieces black walnut for $25.
j Apply 131 Valencia st-
TAPESTRY. _rut-sel: carpets, laid and lined,
60c. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310 Stockton «t.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $4S 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Mark?t.
lIELP WANTED Female.
; WANTED— Waitress for springs, $20: waitress,
country hotel, $20; 3 second girls for country,
$20; chambermaid and waitress, country ho-
tel, $20; French nurse, country, $25. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
i WANTED— lroner, country, $30; cook,
plain work, Palo Alto, $2,">; cook, small
springs, $25; general housework Napa, $20;
Alameda, $25; Modesto, 2 in family, $25; 2
lroners, hand laundry, country, $25; girl,
I housework. 2 in family. Contra Costa, $20;
i cook, country hotel, $25; Scandinavian laun-
dress, country, $30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
: _ CO., 816 Sutter st.
j WANTED— lroner, $42 50; 10 German and
1 Scandinavian cooks, $30; Scandinavian girl,
! general housework, 2 in family, $30; German
second j?irl, $20; 2 neat Irish second glrl«, $20;
4 waitresses for boarding houses, $20; 4 res-
' taurant waitresses, $5 and $6 a week; nurse
! girl, $20; chambermaid, $li>; 40 girls for
housework in city, $2u and $25; 15 young glrla
to assist housework. $15. Apply J. F.
CROSETT _ CO., 316 Sutter Bt.
"C. R. HANSEN & CO.. PHONE GRANT 155."
! 2 waitresses, commercial hotel, Fresno, $20,
free fare one way, see party here; 3 wait-
resses, resort near city. $20; 15 waitresses for
city and country hotel, $20 and $2.">; 2 cham-
bermaids, $15 and $20; woman cook for min-
ers, $25; woman cook, small hotel, San Ra-
fael, $30; 5 restaurant waitresses, $6 a week;
girl or woman to work in pantry, $20.
FAMILY ORDERS
Woman with a child for country home, $15,
I see party here this morning; ranch cook.
$25; houseglrl for Presidio, $20 to $25; and a
number of girls and women for cooking and
! general housework, $15 to $25; German sec-
! ond girl, city, $20: second girl for the coun-
i try, $20 and fare paid.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
i YOUNG girl wanted for light housework. 2116
Sutter Bt. ■ .
WANTED— GirIs to learn cigarette making.
Apply corner Grove and Laguna, liquor store.
FINE driving glove makers wanted at BUS-
BY'S GLOVE F .TORY, 207 Sacramento st.
LUNCH waitress wanted; call early. 107
l>rry St., near Third.
GIRL for upstairs work: wages $15. Apply
at 136S Webster St.. Oakland.
GOOD talloress on custom coats; no other;
steady work. 120 Sutter St., room 64.
SPLENDID chance for a lady hairdresser. Call
afternoons, 19 Powell st., near Market.
LUNCH waitress. 313 O'Farrell st.
WAITER girl at 1001 Sutter St.; wnges $15.
YOUNG girl to assist In housework and care
of children: sleep home. 2310 Howard st.
YOUNG girl for light housework in small fam-
ily. 814 Hayes st., after 8 a. m.
LADY piano player for saloon. Address box
626, Call.
TIDY, responsible girl to wait at table and do
chamberwork. 742 O'Farrell st.
TALL young lady to attend store; one under-
standing hair work. 24 Geary st.
STRONG woman to do chamberwork 8 or 4
hours dally; $8. 678 Howard st.
WOMEN and girls— Apply immediately. Cali-
fornia Canneries Co., Ltd., Brannan st., bet.
Third and Fourth.
EXPERIENCED canners wanted. Apply Im-
mediately California Canneries Co., Ltd.,
Brannan St., between Third and Fourth.
1 WANTED— 2OO WOM*EN AND GIRLS to work
; on fruit at Fontnna & Co.'s Cannery, corner
Francisco and Taylor sts.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit;
steady employment. CODE-PORTWOOD
CANNING CO.. Tenth and Bryant sts. . ;,V :
' EXPERIENCED operators on overalls and
pants: Inexperienced Instructed. HEYNE-
; MANN _ CO., 410 ft Mission St.
WANTED— FIrst-claBS sewers on cording and
finishing underskirts. Apply H. i FRIED-
LANDER, 338 Fell st.
WANTED — First-class pants finisher. 410
Kearny St., room 20, second floor.
; I CHAMBERMAID wanted. 8 Mason st.
: i GOOD hands on vests; also apprentice of ex-
perience. 641 ft Stevenson st.
WANTED— A good girl for general housework.
731 Green St., near Mason.
GOOD hairdresser wanted; one who ventilates
preferred; good salary. 240 Stockton st.
200 MORE sewing machine operators will find
work In LEVI STRAUSS A CO.'S Overall
Factory, 32ft Fremont st.
OPERATORS on shirts; a few apprentices
taken. LEVI STRAUSS _ CO., 36ft Fremont
St.; take elevator.
' j LADIES wanted everywhere to distribute sam-
ples and advertise California Orange Syrup;
$2 per day and expenses paid; cash every
week. Particulars for 2-cent stamp. Cali-
fornia Orsnge Syrup Co., San Francisco. Cal.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit at
376 Pan Jose aye.
~~- HELP WANTED M:ile.
WANTED— reliable man In commis-
sion business; will pay $15 to $18 per week;
must have $100 cash ; experience not neces-
sary. 10SI Market st., room 4. ________
"WANTED— First-class lace salesman; none
other need apply. Address . box 1199. Call.
OFFICE boy; apply by letter; give age. Ad-
! dress box 1196. Call office.
COMPETENT cook; must understand German
cooking; references.' 1002 Van Ness; forenoons.
WANTED— steady Job. "Tha Mod-
ern." 34 Fourth st. ■' . - -
"WANTED— A bushelman for Saturday at 811
, Market et. ... .. ; . .
HELP WAATED
I WE PAY YOUR FARES... TO-D we SHIP
1 603 laborers, no experience required, for saw-
-1 mills and woods, $26 to $40 and found •••
1 4 tallymen, load cars, etc *™ v
» 159 men for all classes of sawmill and woods
work. $95. $30. $85, $80, $70. $60, $50, $40 and
$30 and found; woodchoppers and tiemakers
by the hundreds -**lii
$30 FRUIT PICKERS 30
40 men and boys to pick fruit.... s3o and found
12 four horse teamsters $ 3
$30 and $25 and found for coachmen and
gardeners •
3S milkers .....$3O and $25 and found
184 farm, orchard and vineyard hands for all
parts of California, $35. $30, $25 and $20 and
found: 26 choremen and boys for farms, 530,
$2">, $20 and $10 and found; 29 hay and har-
vest help, $2, $1 60 and $1 25 day and found;
12 Btablemen. city and country, $35, $30 and
$25 and found ;
$3 50 DAY HAY BALERS $3 50 DAY
6 farmers and wives; 3 milkers and wives; 3
cooks and wives; 2 gardeners and wives;
waiters and wives; dishwashers and wives:
$3 DAY .....f $3 DAY
J DRILLERS AND HEADERMEN
BLACKSMITHS AND ENGINEERS.....
2 engineers for ranch factory, $40 and $35 and
found; 24 blacksmiths for shops, ranches,
camps, etc.. $2 50 to $2 day, $60, $50, $40 and
$30 and found -
Wagon maker, $78; 5 miners. ••
TO MINP^S 23 MINES GOOD MINES
JS4 laborers (no experience required), $57 per
month, with board and lodgings
........ LABORERS AND TEAMSTERS
197 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, $3. $2 50, $2 and $175 day ...
Cream separator tender, Sharpless $«>0
B-iys for stables, stores, . factories, bakery:
help wanted for Oregon, Washington, Ari-
zona, Hawaiian Islands, British Columbia.
from $6, $5, $4, $3 day, come and see us
CO men to pile lumber in yards. 433 and found
Cabinetmakers; help for street car companies:
3 deck hands $45 and found
Help for factories, manufacturing companies
597 other jobs not advertised
COME TO-DAY. ...MURRAY & READY,
AND SEE t34 and 63G Clay Bt.
HOTEL DEPT LAUNDRY BAKERS
19 cooks $50, $45, $40, $35, $30 and found
23 waiters $30, $25, $20 and found
43 dishwashers $30, $25, $20, $15 and found
4 bakers, 3 second, 4 third hands. 3 boys to
learn assist, $40, J35, $30, $25, $20. $16 per
month and found; coal miners
Porters, pantrymen, bed makers
IB laundrymen $35 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
WE SHIP YOU FREE TO
OLD RAILROADS NEW RAILROADS
. ALL THE RAILROADS BUT ONE
(THAT ONE WE DON'T SEND TO IS
COAST RAILROAD); DRILLERS. HEAD-
EHMEN, SPIKERS. SECTION HANDS.
MUCKERS. LABORERS. TEAMSTERS,
ETC.; WAGES from $3 DAY. WE SHIP
YOU FREE •-•• ••
BOARD AND LODGING 0NLY.. ..54 uO week
MURRAY <<• READY. 634-636 _______
C R HANSEN & CO 104 GEARY ST.
EMPLOYMENT AGENTS
Free fare and fee for tunnelmen, teamsters
and laborers, $1 75 to $2 75 a day; 6 stone ma-
sons, $3 50; 15 mat-on' helpers, $2 to $2 50;
harness maker. $125 and board
3 carpenters, $3 a day; tallymen for a saw-
mill Sonora County, see boss here, $30 and
found; teamster, $30 and found: man for coal
yard, $25 and found; painter, $20 and found:
6 young men to pick pears, $17 and found;
boy to drive butcher wagon, $15 and found;
4 farmers, $125
Butler, country, $50
Cook country restaurant, $50 and room; sec-
ond cook, country hotel, $60 and found; night
cook, $30; kitchen hand, $30; dishwashers, $5
and $6 week. C. R. HANSEN _ CO., 104
Geary st.
IRONER, country hotel, $50 and found. C. R.
. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St. *
WANTED— First-class baker, $G0 and found;
2 waiters, country. $30; waiter, private
boarding house, $25: restaurant waiters: por-
ter for saloon; 2. ranch cooks, $18 and $25:
cook, country restaurant, $35 and found; sec-
ond baker, $30; young baker's helper, $20;
elevator and bell boys, and others. J. F.
CROSETT _ CO., 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— 2 carriage painters, $2 B0 day; 4
quartz miners, $2 50 day; 2 woodchoppera,
$1 75; four horse teamsters, $2 day; man and
wife for laundry, $45: boys for factory in
city: stlckerman. $3 day; farmer and wife;
butter and cheese maker. $40, and others. J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento St.
| WANTED— Waiter, country hotel, $25, fare
paid- broiler, $";0; 5 dishwashers, $15 to $25;
boy to drive wagon, $15; boys to pick fruit,
$I.\ etc. ANDRE'S. 316 Stockton st.
WAITER, $25: pantryman, $20. HOTEL GA-
Z'ETTE, 26 Montgomery st., room 12.
FIRST-CLASS bushelman; steady work the
year round for right party. Golden West
Clothing Renovatory, 12 Montgomery st.
BARBER for Saturday. 131 Third st.
BARBER wanted. Call between 10 and 11 at
1131^ Howard st.
BARBER wanted Saturday and Sunday; wages.
Call between 7 and 10 a. m. at 443 Third st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday; -wages $3. 89
Third st.
WANTED— A good barber for Saturday. 1091
Howard st.
BOY 15 to 17 years old to make himself useful
In retail store. Address box 1193. Call.
SHOEMAKER for repairing. 871 Marßet st.
YOUNG man wanted to wajt at table. 108
ii _M st.
WANTED— 2 shinglers. Montcalm Bt. and
Peralta aye.; Folsom-st. cars.
GOOD bootblack wanted. 602 Haight at.
YOUNG man wanted to work In kitchen. 13
Eddy st. i
WANTED— Lunch waiter. 82 Second st.
SOBER, Industrious cook; good baker. Apply
Cable .Hotel, Twenty-eighth and Valencia sts.
YOUNG man in a butcher shop to drive and
take care of horses and deliver meat; refer-
ence required. Apply at Old Wilson Market,
BSI Howard st.
— Teamsters to drive scrapers; wages
$1 75 and $2; board, $4 50 per week. Apply E.
B. STONE'S camp, near San Pablo station,
on Valley Road.
DENTIST wanted; good all-around man with
lr.f-truments. Box 1144. Call office.
YOUNG man with $30 can have half Interest
In good business. WEBSTER, 589 O'Farrell.
WANTED— butcher; willing to drive wa-
gon. Sampson's Market, 618 11th St., Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker and presser. M. J.
KELLER CO.. Oakland.
2 FIRST-CLASS coppersmiths. Apply at one«.
513 Fourth st., Oakland.
THREE live salesmen; good pay. 800 Post st.
WANTED— Waiter. 145 Larkin at.; call early,
ready for work.
GENT'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50 up: sole-
Ing, 30c up: heeling, 15c up. 923 Howard st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th; lei. Jessie 1164.
WANTED— hundred and fifty men on grad-
ing for railroad bet. Truckee and Lake Ta-
hoe; wages $2 TRUCKEE & LAKE TAHOE
TRANSPORTATION CO. . Apply at Truckee.
MEN to learn barber trade: $15 weekly made
after 8 weeks' practice; only institution teach-
ing the tonsorlal art: call or write for free
Illustrated CRtalo*ue. MOLER'S BARBER
COLLEGE. 635 Clay St., near Kearny.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Rmio House, proprietor, atlll
runs Denver House, 217 Third Bt.: 150 large
roomB: 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
800 MEN— Call to-day; get a pair of shoes. som •
nearly new. from EOc to $1 £0; new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 862 Mission St.,
bet. Ist and 2d ats. ; open 6 a. m. to 9 p. m.
TAKE care of your shoes or they will not take
care of you; half-soled while waiting. Ssc to
EOc. r,62 Mission St., between Ist and 2d ata.
TRY our 16c meals; best In city. 406 McAllls-
ter gt. —
SATLORS and ship carpenters for Europe,
Hawaiian Islands, Manila. Alaska. New York.
W. LANE. Shipping Agent. 504-506 Davis St.
MEN can learn barber trade for $5 at 1542 Mar-
ket Ft. ; free shaving In students* department.
BAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 15c and 25c
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard: read, rm.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 138H Eighth at.
PENSIONS-J. H. SHEPARD ft CO.. attor-
neys. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
SINGLE rooms, 15c. 20c. 25c per night; 75c. »1
to $2 SO week. Elcho House. 863H Market st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c ft night: $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to. any address In tfce
United States, rortrmM. for $1 per year.
HOUSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc — Kor Sale
WANTED— Horse, harness and buggy; ex-
change for new upright piano. BYRON
■ MAUZY, 30S Pos.t St. •
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts harness: Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
ALWAYS on hand; well broken road, . business
and work horses. Chase & Mendenhall, suc-
cefcsors Kllllp & Co.. salesyard. 1732 Market.
FANCY carriage, ddle and road horses. DAL-
ZIEL, veterinary dentist. 605 Golden Gate.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year. ,
HOUSES LODGING— For Sale.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 MARKET, OPP. FIFTH.
12-room house; large yard; downtown »4W
18 rooms; clears $100; 0n1y..... f«)
12 rooms; exchange for large house 600
54-room house; clears $300 iw>
$400-10-ROOM house on Taylor St. $200 cash.
balance easy paym'ts. DECKER. 1020 Market.
54-ROOM house (corner) for sale at a bargain;
see it. DECKER. 1020 Market et. -
$700—27 ROOMS; all rented; Market St.; cen-
tral; $550 cash; bal. time. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
$650—14 ROOMS, all rented: $400 cash. bal. time;
fine furniture; rent $40. BASILE, 3 Eddy st.
PARTIES wishing to sell lodging-houses see
BASILE, 3 Eddy Bt.; new buyers daily.
$300 SNAP— 24-room house: all rented; near
Market St.; rent $40 month. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
A-$250: 11 ROOMS; Sixth St.; all full; rent
only $30- also new 5-room flat. $t00: rent $lb.
cost $700. KREDO & CO., 22^ Geary st.
GOOD-PA rooming house. 10 rooms, for
salp. ch*nn: no agents; cause of selling going
away. 106 Eleventh st.
32 ROOMS: Vt block of Market; $100 a month
rent: $1100. half cash, balance easy terms.
14 rooms: $45 rent: very central; one of the
best paying. Inquire 252 O'Farrell st.
$500—18 RMS., all frnshd.. ail rented: rent $50;
on 3d st., nr. Mkt.; hi cash. Apply 827 Mission.
JULIAN aye., 192. corner Sixteenth— Lodging-
house. 11 rooms: all occupied; $173: rent $16.
HUIiSKs TO LET.
RENT greatly reduced; 1320 O'Farrell St., near
Laguna; 10 rooms, bath, etc.; first-class con-
dition: new plumbing, etc. MADISON &
BURKE. '
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st. ]
ELEGANT house, 12 rooms; fine condition. Cor.
Twenty-first and Guerrero sts.; key next door.
SPLENDID house; fine condition; 7 rooms; low
rent. 3386 Twenty-first et. ; key next door.
HOUSE. 8 rooms, high ceilings; large yard
and basement. 1615 Bush St.. near Franklin.
HOUSES WANTED— FURNISHED.
WANTED— Immediately, handsome furnished
flat or house, 7 or S rooms, bath, all modern
Improvements; must positively be choice;
prefer downtown; price must be reasonable.
Address full particulars, box 1137. Call office.
LOST AND b'OV>U.
LOST— fox terrier; brown spot on right
side of head; new collar. Return to 912 Pine
st. ; reward.
LOST— Between Sutro Baths and Park and
Ocean Railway, a purse, with key, money and
letters. Box 1116, Call office; reward.
LOST— Gentleman's Elgin gold watch, with
fob; owners name engraved inside back cov-
er; liberal reward. Return 1709 Howard.
LOST— Brooch made from 3 gold studs. Please
return to Cr!l Office; reward.
MEDICAL.
A TREATMENT that never falls to restore
Instantly all cases of monthly irregularities,
from whatever cause; guaranteed cure at of-
fice, $5 positively; no instruments used; safe
and sure; cure at any time when others fall;
absolute success and safety guaranteed; trav-
elers helped at once; can return home same
day; save time and expense by consulting
first the only reliable ladies' physician of
long and successful practice; confidential ad-
vice free. MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market St..
bet. Mason and Taylor. Office hours 9 a. m.
to 5 p. m.; Sundays 9 to 4.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the -doctor and state
their case before going elsewhere-; they will
find In her a true friend; a home for patients
with every comfort, convenience of a hospi-
tal and privacy of a home; consultation free
and confidential; home treatment, $5; no in-
struments used; satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded by MRS. DR. GWYER. 510
Eddy St., bet. Hyde and Larkin: office hours,
10 to 12. 2 to 4 and 7 to S. Sundays by ap-
pointment only.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause): safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
*rs helped Instantly and can return home the
Fame day: no Instruments i ,ed: cure at of-
fice. $5; home in confinement: skillful medical
attention: all can save time and expense by
consulting the doctor, free, before going else- ,
where. MRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post St.. bet.
Hyde and Larkin: hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies.
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
ro years' practice: safe and ouick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or Irregularity: disgrace
avoided: kind sympthy and aid; sure relicT,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc., ba" ies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay: self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 1228 Market St..
pills. $1; very strong. $2.
IMPORTANT— A great progress In medical sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause; every woman her own physician; no
matter how long standing; travelers helped
at once; safe; call on a physician with men's
knowledge: cure. $5; restores in one day and
prevents disgrace; can be sent: consultation
free; ladies' physician, practice 37 years.
DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly Irregular-
ities, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell
has treated successfully more cases of irreg-
ularities than any other Dhysician; never
fails to cure; consult him first, save time and
money; treatment can be used at home; con-
sultation free: call or write. 1023H Market st.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor: Chinese tea
and herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay st., San
Francisco: all diseases cured exclusively by
Chinese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used;
advice free: hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 d. m.
ALL female complaints cured In 24 hours; well
known, reliable, safe, sure; maternity home;
no instruments; consultation free, confidential;
home treatment.Jo. MRS. ALLEN, 22S Van Ness.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles: no danger: safe cure: $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
A— DR. AND MRS. SILVA. 215% Mason St.—
Private home in confinement: ladies' friend
In trouble; terms reas.; call and be convinced.
DU PRAE'S Female Regulating Pills: safe and
efficient emmenagogue; $1 per box. RICH-
ARDS & CO.. druggists. 406 Clay, sole agents.
NICE private home in confinement at the most
reasonable price In the city; Infants adopted.
MRS. M. PFEIFFER. midwife. 2012 Folsom.
DR. AND MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.: private home In confinement; babies
adopted into good homes.
ELECTRIC treatments and baths for all ner-
vous diseases; diagnosis free. 116 i Market.
DR. and Mrs. Wise. 1118 Market St.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back:sa up.
MRS ACHARD. midwife; pleasant sunny home
In confinement. 156 Second st. : tel. Green 52.
DR WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
e.n*p9 of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MISCELLANEOUS— For Sale.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
ALL the machinery of Pacific Iron and Nail
Co Is being torn duwn and must be sold at
once; consists of one 500 horsepower Corliss
engine, one 40 horsepower engine, boilers,
pipes heaters, pumps and other machinery
t#o numerous to mention. Full Information
by applying on grounds, foot of Myrtle st..
Oakland. Cal.
BARS, back bars, mirrou, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
• flee furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion St., above Sixth.
BARS counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
1 FIRST-CLASS 5-foot Montague range. Baker
sand oven; also Eureka No. 8 stove with high
shelf, for sale cheap. Apply GRAHAM &
LOANE, 439 Fifth St.
COW. 3 years old, cheap; also renting property,
near City Hall, on Tehama st. 517 Bank St.,
off Cortland aye.
PT'RE distilled water Ice, $3 E0 per ton car-
loads, f. o. b. ; $4 for less: sack packing and
cartage extra. Tel. South 463, Consumers'
Ice Co.. 420 Eighth St. S. F.
FIRE and burglar safe: National cash register;
for sale, cheap. 42 Main st.
FINE large modern double-door safe cheap.
14 Fifth st. . •'.-"-
BOILERS, engines, lathes, planers, 12x24 in. gas
engine,l2i,4 H.P.; 2d hand. J. Burke, 139 Beale.
FOR sale — Horse and Pope cart. Grand Pacific
Market, Turk and Larkin sts. . . -V
BILLIARD tables; few remodeled, good as
new; cheap for cash or installments. THE
BRUNSWICK-BALKE CO., 655 Market St.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN aAFE CO., 417-421 Sacramento at.
300 SOLDIERS' overcoats, from $150: with
capes, new. $3 50. COLE 73 Third st.
GOOD horse, harness and covered wagon for
sale cheap. Inquire at 2900 Buchanan st
i 3-h. p. Golden Gate gas engine; perfect order;
complete; must sell. EPSTEIN, 648 Mission.
A— s3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar price hatters, 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE suit, $9 75; pants. $2 75. ORIGINAL MIS-
FIT CLOTHING PARLOR, 613 Montgomery.
BOILERS and engines, second hand; also wine
making mach'y. Krogh Mfg.Co.. Stevenson st.
ID-HAND engines, boilers, machinery, dyna-
moe: bought, sold. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission.
BAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand, all
■lzea; half original coat. 109-111 Market, a. F. ,
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B.
STONE, Elmhurst. _^
CASH pad for school books, or exchanged for
ne£ LORIMER. 1527 Market, opp. \anN.^
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS "on furniture' or pianos In S. F Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates without
removal- no commission; no .delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St., abov
Sixth; telephone South 14. _^
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate, Sd
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
m™rtßa_es and legacies bought; no de-
lay ' n. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. s.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain l<beral advances on diamonds and Jew-
#?rv at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 846 Market St.; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
piano™ no removal; low rates confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner bldg.
AT Nevada Loan Office, 214 Grant aye.-Money
loaned on diamonds. Jewelry and clothing.
$50 TO $50 000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. PRYPEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture pianos, without removal; no
comSlon; private. LICK. 116 McAllister it.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without lndorser. TOUSLEY. 592 Parrott bldg.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st. .
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. year.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $3
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 anl
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
MUSICAL— AT lUS KAVANAGH, organist
at the Roman Catholic Cathedral ' In Phila-
delphia, Pa., desiring to locate in California,
will accept position as organist or director,
or both, •In first-class choir in San Francisco
or Oakland; best references. Address PRO-
FESSOR KAVANAGH, 1113 Silver St., PhH-
adelphla. Pa. .
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest housu
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASES,
26. 28 and 30 O'Farreil st. pianos, organs ani
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. __^_____________________.
A NUMBER of good second-hand uprights for
sale cheap at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
A DECKER & SON, the piano for you to buy;
beautiful new style, MAUVAIS'., 769 Market.
BARGAINS! Bargains!— to Wilson's Storage
Rooms, 1710 Market St., and see another lot
good Standard uprights; very cheap for cash.
A MAGNIFICENT high-grade piano offered to-
day, $95. Room 12, Flood building. .
A BARGAIN — Steinway upright cheap.
BCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hlbernla Banlc
A— sBs; UPRIGHT piano in fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister, st.
CHEAP Stelnway upright; also the (amoui
Hornung Bros.' pianos. , 216 McAllister St.
A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up; installments, $5 75 up;
rents, $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. ICS EUla.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Post st. _____________
W. G. BADGER. 415 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES To Let.
ASHTOn"& GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
$6t>—l(s Taylor st.
X 50 — Valencia st., corner Sixteen™.
$35—859 Mission st.. near Fifth.
$20— Montgomery aye.
$22 50— S3« Howard et. near FlftS.
7— 256 First st.
$20—364 Fourth st
$25—1119 Harrison st.. corner Langton.
EMMA SPRECKELS BLDG.. 927 Market St.
Offices $12 50 to $20.
Light, heat. Janitor and telephone Included.
ASHTON A- GARDINER. Room 210.
CORNER store, with fixtures for grocery and
bar, 4 living rooms, cement basement, and
stable If desired: rent $22 50. 201 Diamond
St., corner Nineteenth. ' ' -~ t
STORE suitable for drug, dry goods or any
other business: rent $SO. Southwest cor. Pa-
cific and Leavenworth sts. _■
GROCERY corner. 217 Ninth St.: 4 living rooms,
stable; 2 blocks from Market: rent low. Ap-
ply owner. KELLY. 437 Parrott building.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
TTnUfd PtatPs, nnstnairl. for ?1 r*er vp«r.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD, pupil of Count St. Ger-
main. 616 Geary st.. above Jones: classes:
offlcp hours. 1 tn 8 p. m. : reading by mall. $1.
FERSOAA f
MAMA, I want a sombrero; genuine; 400 up.
Mexican store, 114 Stockton st. - -
THE children's class at Hinman's School of
Dancing, 1412 Polk st., is now open: the Ju-
venile class at the branch school, corner of
Howard and Twenty-first sts., will open Sat-
urday, August 12. :
AFTER this date I am not responsible for
any debts contracted by my wife, TERESA
ST. DENIS. JOHN B. ST. DENIS.
LEDERER'S QUINTONICA has the name of
being the only reliable hair tonic on the mar-
ket; 35c bottle. 123 Stockton st
LEDERER'S halrdressing parlors still growing
In popularity; 25c only; see the great display
of switches in his window; $1 switches only
76c, this week only. 123 Stockton st.
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law. < '■'•■■- and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter st. Laws a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ASSORTMENT of Imported and domestic rem-
■ nants for suits to order. $10 75; pants, $3 75;
nothing higher. One-price Tailoring Co.. 1644
Market Bt.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
MME. LOUISE'S manicure parlor has removed
from O'Farrell to 132 Eddy st. ■ ■ '
T. BRILLIANT, 338-340 Post st. will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc.. on very easy payments.
DR. CREEL Y'S Dog Hospital. 109 Elm. aye.;
office. Horse Hospital, 610 Golden Gate aye.:
separate ward for contagious diseases.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
$?5c to $150 per night; $150 to $6 rer week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUMMER bamboo' furniture below cost to 'or-'
der. K. YOSHI TAXI, 313 Sutter st
$1 PER week for lady's suit. Jacket or cape,
gentleman's suit or overcoat Eastern Out-
fittlng Co.. 1306 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
LIFE Insurance policies bought -or cash. W.
R. NICHOLSON, Attorney and Financial
Aj— nt. Int—natlonal Hotel.
A— LADIES' tailor-made suits to ■ order at
wholesale figures. KRAMER. 20 S^nsoma St.
RUPTURE stricture cured; no knife: no Injec-
tion: guarantd. Dr. Gordln. 514 Pine, ab. Krny.
A— Ladles' or gent's clothing, furniture bought,
sold: tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom St.
SUITS to order on easy ' i tai.ments. _,
LEMOP. 1117 Market et.. bet 7th and Bth.
WANTED— OId gold for manufacng. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. 24S O'FarrHl. bet Powell & Mason. •
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR C C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
1021 vj Market St.. bet. Sixth ani .Seventh.
~ PROPERTY WANTED,
WANTED to rent— Ranch with about - cows;
within 25 miles of city. Inquire L. 8., 35
Eddy st. '
WANTED to buy. house and lot in good order.
\y. C., box 1121. Call office. .
PSYCHOMETRY
HENRY HARRISON BROWN, psychometrlst:
reads character; gives advice from spirit side
o life: heals by laying on hands. 120 A Eddy.
REAL ESTATE CITY Sale.
ASHTON ft GARDINER. 411 Montgomery «t.
Valencia-st lots; any size; $135 per front
foot: fronting on 2 streets. - .
Twenty-third St.. corner San Jose aye.. wttn
Improvements, (£5OO. ■ •
Second and Sliver sts.: corner, with lmprov*-
ments. $6700.
NEW HOMES '.............
Five, .6. "7, 9 and 10 room houses, finished
with all modern conveniences, fronting on
Waller, Pierce and Primose sts., from $3100
to $4500; terms to suit purchaser. F. NEL-
SON. Builder. _^
FOR — Lets 22 and 23, block 6. Mission and
Thirtieth st. Homestead Extension Union;
$500 each. Address A. C. M. PENNINGTON.
Atlanta, Ga. *•
SIX modern flats; SE. cor. Scott and Sacra-
mento: all rented. J. H.-. CARSE, 11 Mont-
gomery st. ,
CHEAP— An entire block ■ and 10 lots south ■ of.
Golden Oats Park. 642 Haight st.
■••■"'-■- ■ * •"_*KKAL ESTATE CITY — For Sale.
PEREMPTORY!!
AUCTION SALE!!! ■
AUCTION SALE!!!
TVESDAY. AUGUST 22d. 1899,
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON,
At Salesroom of
SHAINWALD, BUCKREE & CO.,
218-220 MONTGOMERY ST.,
MILLS BUILDING.
KEARXY STREET
INCOME PROPERTT.
PRESCOTT HOUSE, southwest corner
Kearny and Pr.clnc sts. an.i Montgomery ays.;
bul -:a;uial three-story and basement brick
building, N>s. 923 t< 931 Kearny Bt.. Nos. 125 to
131 Montgomery aye.. Nos. 613 to 617 Pacific
st.; nine stores and 100 rooms above; property
has a frontage of over 211 feet by a depth of
107 feel 11 Inches and 137 feet 6 inches: net in-
come in 13SS was $10,209 41; present monthly
rental, $970.
BUSINESS CORNER.
GREEN AND DIPONT STS.
NORTHWEST CORNER, Nos. 1401 to 1407
Puprnt st.: two stores and flats above: rented
t.i one tenant for $70 monthly; lot 29 feet 4Va
inches on Green St., by 67 feet 6 inches on
Dupont st.
BROADWAY COTTAGE.
No. 932 Broadway, north side, 9:. feet east rf i
Tnylor st. ; cozy cottajje of 6 rooms and bath;
grand view of city and bay; rents $17 50; lot
"2 1 :8 x62 1 4 feet, and extra lot 2 by 23'«; feet.
FHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO..
Auctioneers, 213-220 Montgomery st.. Mills bids. !
'
2 CHOICE lots, very cheap, making one sub- :
[Jlvisl of ;.0xl20; good size; sun front and;
rear: Twelfth aye., close to Clement: all j
street work done; graded: cars pass within j
a few step's every 5 minutes; only $1300 lor |
both: no more lots as cheap as this in the •
Tieinity. Call and I will suggest how you I
can pay in easy installments on a long credit,
although the owner will sell only for cash at
this very low price.
W. J. GUNN, 410 Montgomery gt.
THE choicest lots in Richmond graded: street i
work al! »ione; ready for building; possession
civen on payment of first installment: 2.".x
120; $75 first payment, $30 every three months; !
on Tenth aye.. on the elevated ground; very
choice; close to 3 lines cars; only $700. In
what better way can you save money, get
your hr-nie and pay for it out of your salary?
These very same lots cost more than $1000
each 10 years aco; all the assessments have
been paid: nothlne more to pay now.
W. J. OUXN, 410 intgomerj st
SSOfl CASH, balai cc on tim«>: new corner, 4- j
room bay-win.l..w cottage. 10-fnot brick baße- j
ment. m'"9 Shotwell st. : t.'.ke Folsom-st. car,
get off at Precita aye., walk up one block.
FINE house : rooms and bath; modern: bar-
gain. ijßft W. CHAPlN^HMontKoin<?ryißt.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sale ;
MENLO PARK ~ POLHEMUS TRACt!
200 acres in tracts of 24 to 8 acres; pure,
sweet mountain water piped to each lot;
spreading oaks; rich soil; bank sale $110 to !
516-:' per acre; ' t cash; agent on premises
Sunday maps and full particulars on appli- I
cation! W. G. GRIFFITH, room 311 Hearst
building. j
FOR rent-r-200 acres Al sugar beet land; low
freight to factory. P: MULVENAY, Tomales,
Marln County. Cal. ■
F<iß rent— Lake County; 320 acres; house, barn,
rhickfn. outhouses; climate unsurpassed; ice-
ceM springs; horses, farming implements j
with place; 20 acr»s cleared for ha.y; 10 acres j
bt-aring fruit trees: place suited for hogs, ■
st^ck. turkey, chicken raising. C. W., Call
office. Oakland. j
LANDS of Theodor Meetz estate in Alameda 1
an.l within Kern oil belt for sale cheap in 1
subdivisions to suit. MRS. MATHILDE
MEETZ. 735 Railroad aye., Alameda.
FOR SALE— Farm, 24 acres, 6 room and
basement house, barn, chicken and out
houses, well, fruit trees, 500 grapevines, etc.,
on« mile south of Sonoma on main road. Ad- i
dress box 1100. Call.
RESTAUriANTS.
WESTERFELD*S restaurant, coffee and Ice
cream parlor. 1035 Market St.: popular prices, i
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT 263 Perry, nr. sth— 3 unfurn. large sunny
rooms. $S; separate entrance; large yard.
EIGHTH, 10%. nr. Market— 2 furnished bed- ',
rooms; also 2 for housekpg., suitable for 2. '
FLLIS, 597— Front bay-window suite, complete 1
for housekog., 117; back sunny room, ft>.
FIFTH, 33, opp. Mint, nr. Market— New mgt.; ;
renovated; bskpe. rms.; $6 month upward. j
FIFTH, 353—1 large furnished room; double
bed; private American family; $7.
FOLSOM. 623— Parlor euite, 3 rooms, complete-
ly furnished for housekpg. ; single or en suite. !
FOLSOM, 2S4S— 3 or 4 sunny rooma; no chll- i
dren; gas stove; cheap. j
FRANKLIN, 26, and 120 Fell— Double parlors j
and rooms for light hskpg; every convenience. j
GEARY, 1917— Four nice unfurnished rooms,
bath, toilette, gas, yard, basement. ■
HOWARD. 1130»4— Sunny bay-window suite;
other room* ; light housekeeping; private: no
children. |
HOWARD, 1214—2 or S large sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms; rent reasonable.
IVANHOE, 1003 Polk, cor. Geary— Light, clean, \
tunny; fur. hkpg. suites (3 to 5 r.). $15 up; ref.
LEAVBNWORTH, 514. nr. O'Farrell— Newly
frnshd. large rm.. suit, for 2; gas. bath; prvt.
MINNA, 342— Sunny front room furnished suit- j
able for man and wife, or 2 gentlemen.
MISSION, — Suite of rooms, complete for
housekeeping: furnished; all connecting.
MISSION, 945— Nice front room with folding-
bed and convenience for housekeeping.
MISSION, 925H— Nicely furnished sunny hskpg.
rms.; beautiful kitchen; exclusive bath; porch.
MISSION. 1747. bet 13th and -14th— 2 complete-
ly fur. housekpg. rms., $S: also 2 others, $7 ea.
iSS, 36, off Howard, near Seventh— S-sunny,
furnished housekeeping rooms.
POWELL. 903—2 sunny complete housekeeping |
rooms; bath; folding bed.
SIXTH, 216%— Nicely ' furnished housekeeping
rooms. $2 50 per wk. up; also single; quiet. i
SOUTH PARK. 11SB, Btt Third— 2 neatly fur.
rooms; private fam.; gas; bath; $6 and $8 mo. ;
ST. JAMES. I-aguna and McAllister— Choicest, :
sunniest in city; low rates; furnished or not.
MINNA, near Ninth— Sunny furnished room !
for light housekeeping. t
BX'TTER, 309 — Nicely furnished rooms; single, I
$1 50 per week: suite, S2 50 a week.
BUTTER, SSS. near Mason — Flat of 3 sunny
furnlshed rooms: closets, large yard. i
BUTTER 1111. nr. Comfortably furn. :
single suites: also hskpg.: termß reasonable. !
M'TTER 114 S. cor. Polk— Sunny bay-window j
SUlt« rms.; water, bath; light hskpg.: $12 up.
TAYLOR, Changed hands; furnished j
rooms, single and en suite.
TWENTY-FIRST, 3278, near Valencia— Sunny
furnished housekeeping: rooms, renovated, j
bath, laundry. |
TWENTY-THIRD. 3726, near Dolores— of <
3 sunny bay-window rooms, complete for I
housekeeping. ■ '
VALENCIA, 191, nr. Market— 2 front sunny j
hrkpg suites; $10 mo. each, with bath.
VALLKJO, 1301—3 sunny front rooms, com-
pletely furnished; must be seen to be appre-
clatfcd; $15. '
3 NICE sunny furnished rooms for housekeep-
Ing: fine location. Inquire 24 Turk st.
ROOMS TO LET Farn. and Unfnrn.
ABBOTSFORD (The), cor. Broadway and Polk
Wulet and homelike; ruoms bright and sunny,
single, sulU charges moderate; cars .direct. |
BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant i
•sunny rooms en suite or single; flrst-clast \
in every respect: terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.— j
Homelike house: modern service: elevator:
bath; rooms, 60c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KINO.
AT Girard House, 192 Seventh— Furniahed sin- ;
gle and suites; also large unfurnished room. \
AT New Grand. 246 — 200 Ist-class sunny rms.,
15c to $1 day; 90c to $4 wk; also housekeeping.
AT 62 Second— Nice eingle, double and light
housekeeping rooms. $1 to $3 per week.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CAPP, 121— Furnished room to let cheap.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye. Sunny corner; well furn. rms. & offices.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason- Elegantly J
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY 617— Elegant double parlors, $20; front
parlor, $l2;'also sunny rooms; running water.
FOLSOM. 776%— Large furnished single room,
every convenience. '
FOURTH. 128%. nr. Mission— New management;
newly furn. and renovated; choice front rme.
FOURTH 222%. cor. Tehama— First-class sunny
front rms., 250 to fl day; $1 25 week up.
GEARY 405 (The Navarre)— Comfortable lurn.
rooms: travelers accommodated. MRS. HYflfl.
ROOMS TO — Knrn. and Unfurn.
GEARY, 660— Newly furnished sunny room for
gentleman, $6 per month.
GOLDEN GATE Lovely front con-
necting rooms, complete; $12; large room, $5.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or single:
ladies' parlors: reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House. 7SI Mission— Select famil y
rooming house; $1 60 to $6 per week.
HAWTHORNE, bet. 2d and 3d, nr. Harrl-
son— Pleasant rm. for 1 or 2 gents; priv.; reas.
HOTEL Grosvenor, 311' Sutter, nr. Stockton-
Sunny FUites, eingle rms.; elev. ; free baths.
HOWARD. S29— Furnished rooms from $1 per
week up; a!so housekeeping and transient.
HOWARD, 1052. bet. €th and 7th— Suite and 1
single, complete for hskg. ; also sunny single.
JONES, 41S— Newly furnished sunny rooms;
gents preferred.
LARKIN. 804— Small sunny room, neatly fur-
nlshed. $4. J_
MARKET. 1035— Entirely renovated; new mgt.;
fine sunny suites; single also; very reasonabl,
MINNA. 140, bet. New Montgomery and 3d—
3 neatly furnished rooms, single and double.
MINNA. 667. cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room. $1 per week: transient.
MISSION. S27— Two large sunny rooms, well
furnished, $9.
NICE newly furnished ninny rooms; can be en
suite or single; Orst-class in every respect;
quiet house. Box 1132. Call office.
O'FAR.RELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
I offices: elevator; electric lights; day. wk.. mo.
O'FARRELL. 427— Large beautifully furn, rm. ;
sunny: water: suitable for 1 or - gentlemen.
O'FARRELL. 748, nr. Hyde— Handsomely furn.
alcove sunny suite'; also sing.; hot, cold wat.,
grate, closets; private family; reas.; central
I O'FARRELL, 773, nr. Larkin— 3 newly, prettily
; frnshd. rms.: Ist floor; separate flat; modern.
I O'FARRELL. 776, nr. Larkin— Sunny ■ parlors;
j single or en suite: also single room.
J ROYAL House, J26 Elils st.— lncandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and
ladies' parlor: room.s. per night, 35c to $1 50;
week, 12 to $S; month, $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor: rooms with hot, cold wat.: baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
. SIXTH, 33, nr. Market, Hillsdale House— Ele-
gant furnished rooms; elevator; transient.
SIXTH, 136 Rooms for light housekeeping;
also rooms; $1 per week.
SIXTH, 142 — Changed hands: thoroughly reno-
vated; rooms single and double.
THE Oaks, 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
THE Oliver. 965 Folsom, cor. 6th— Sunny corner
I rms., suites and single; gas; bath; new mangt.
THIRD, 106 U. near Mission— The Seattle— Nice
sunny rooms. $1 25 to $$.
I CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
I postage pal(V
ROOMS WAXTED.
ROOM suitable lor workshop, neax First, Fre-
mont and Market sts. Address box 1301, Call.
j WANTED — sunny connecting rooms or alcove
I suite, running water, unfurnished; bet. Geary
! and Pine and Powell and Jones sts. Address,
Etatlng price, to box 1696. Call office.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
! BAD tenants ejected tor $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery «=t.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5520.
\ SEWING MACHINES AND SUl'l'LlES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
palrlng at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test medium,
life reader; also medical clairvoyant; treats
private, chronic or obscure diseases. 232
Stockton Bt.; sittings. $1; diagnosis tree.
MRS. L. EHRHORN, medium and healing- by
faith: circles. Monday and Thursday evening,
I ?p. m. : Friday afternoon, 2p. m. 1908V4 Mis-
; sion Bt.
: AT Friendship Hall, 335 McAllister, sittings
daily, 2. 8 p. m.; tests by good mediums; 10c. !
■ GYPSY life reader, returned with renewed
power In spiritualist reading, 25c up. 5 7th.
i MRS. ELLIS, tests to all: Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m. ;
Men.. 8; 2Bc: Fittings $1. 233 Valencia »t.
STORAGE.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission: goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office 401 Post, cor. Powell: tel. Main 5713.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
: 11200— FIRST-CLASS cottage. 4 rooms and
bath with lot; $200 cash. $20 per month; fin-
ished in 60 days. J. H. YOUNG, Builder,
1248 Park st.
1700— FINE lot on bay shore.
$2200— Modern cottage, 5 rooms and bath: lot
' 52x150; near High School and depot; terms, $100
cash. $20 per month.
$3200— New cottage, 6 rooms and bath; lot 42x
207; open plumbing, plate glass, etc.; half block
from station and High School: easy terms.
Homes built to suit purchaser* on easy terms.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MORE A & CO., 1432 Park st.
BNAP— House. 8 rooms and bath: lot 60x
150- good location; 5 minutes" walk from sta-
tion. Apply to W. F SCHT'LTE. 1612 Chapln.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND HOAKU.
HOME fcr ladles In delicate health; lar*e
rrnur.dn: private. MRS DR. FT'NKK 1411: Sth.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale — Almost new house; 5 rooms, bath,
pantry; hot and cold water; folding doors;
! bay-window; high basement: windmill and
tank; large lot, r,fixl3", ; fruit trees, flower
garden, chicken yard, stable: fenced and
j cross fenced; price $1200; only $100 rash, bal-
| ance $12 monthly: bank loaned $1000; take
; Berkeley train, get off at Lorln, ask for RU-
; DOLPH Sz PERKINS.
NEW colonial house; 5 rooms; bath; pantry;
hot and cold water; stationary tubs; folding
doors; gas; city water; brick foundation;
Street work all done; lot 35x100; price $17.V).
only $100 cfiah. balance $18 monthly; close to
ptation, stores, schools, churches, 2 electric
cars: take Berkeley tram, get off at I^orln
Station, ask for RUDOLPH & PERKINS;
office open Sundays and evenings.
i WE offer a EOOd corner lot on- Bancroft way
I for only $20<); also | good lots near streetcar
! line for only $1000 for the bunch. O. G. MAY
& CO.. 2123 Center street, Berkeley.
I FRDITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
BEAUTIFXTL 4-room cottage; hard-flnished:
barn; large chicken house; 10 minutes' ride
from station; GO minute* from San Francisco;
rent $7 per month. 807 Filbert St., S.. F.
LARGE, level lots, $400; only $25 down; street
work done; sewers, . water, gas; fine school
close by; near railroad station and Oakland
electric line; half-hourly trains to city; 5c
fnr<»; glorloiiß climate; build a home to suit
yourself: easy payments: no city taxes. SYN-
DICATE. INVESTMENT CO.. Frultvale sta.
OAKLAND ADJERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL KSTATBJ.
j n * - . . _r^
i $2000— 6-ROOM cottage near City Hall: fine lot;
| any kind of terms. E. E. BUNCE. 90S Rroad-
way. Oakland.
NEW 4-room cottage: bath; basement; central;
$50 down. $15 monthly. J. A.. 112H Howard.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
COTTAGE completely furnished: flower garden;
rent $20. Apply 2023 Chestnut St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR BALB.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALASKA (Glasgow) Gold Mine Ltd. In
liquidation- Notice is hereby given that all
parties having claims against above company
are required to lodge same on sworn affi-
davit duly vouched, with the official liquida-
tor or with his solicitors, Messrs. William
Baird & Co., 83 West Regent st.. Glasgow,
on or before September 9, ISS9. otherwise they
will be excluded from participation In the
division of assets.
T F McEWAN. Chartered Accountant.
Official Liquidator. 121 West Regent St.,
Glasgow, July 13, 1899. *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 5, 1899.
PROPOSALS.
i\ S ENGINEER office. Flood building, San
Francisco, <"al., June 2S, 1899.— Sealed pru-
posals for building wing dams in Sacramento
River, near Sacramento. Cal.. will be re-
ceived here until 12 o'clock noon, August S.
ISM. Information furnished on application.
W. H. HEI'ER. Major Engineers.
OFFICE of C. Q. M.. Vancouver Barracks,
Wash., July 8. 1839— Sealed proposals, in tri-
plicate, will be receive here until 11 o'clock
a. nv. August R. 1899, and then opened, for
furnishing forage and bedding at the sev-
eral military posts in this department for
fiscal year ending June 30, 1900. Information
furnished hrre or by quartermasters at posts.
I. B. reserves right to reject or accept any
or all prorosal;: or any part thereof. En-
velopes containing proposals should be
marked: "Proposals for Forage and Bedding
at ," and addressed to undersigned. J. \\ .
TACnnP. C. Q M. .
COPARTNERSHIP NOTICES.
NOTICE Is hereby given that the firm of IN-
GRAIf <fc GRAY. 180S Devisadero st.. was dls-
nolved July 21. liiioj. by agreement.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
John L. Inkster and Maud S. Pchlutter. .. .29-26
Frank \V. Bouley and Clara Schumacher.. .3l-30
Thorvald D. Blom and Petty Balvesen 34-29
Charles A. Schultx and Annie Roaaas 39-51
Julian H. Pteinberg and Julia Kennedy 21-10
John Peltier and Tillle England 45-37
Thomas Markuson and Caroline Ldndstrom. BB-40
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
KI'EFFER— In Berkeley, July 20, ISO 9. to the
Wife of John Kueffer, a son.
MITCHELL— In this city. August 3. 1599, to the
wife of W. H. Mitchell, a daughter.
NEWBAUER— In this city. August 4, 1899, tn
the wife of Julian H. Newbauer. a daughter.
DIED.
Ayers. George W. Nobmann Christopher
Conlan. Charles W. O'Kane. James
I.ienehy, Cornelius Paull, Frank C.
Einfeldt. Frledrich Ross. Adela
Goyen. Alice Smith. Benjamin
Harrington, Whltford Sellgman. Falke
Hoffman, Rachel Toner. Margaret J.
Hurley, John Weidenmuller, Eliza-
Jenkins, George L. beth M.
Lennon, John
ATERS -In this city. August 3, IW. Georgp
W.. beloved husband of Julia Ayers, father
of Rennle Ayres, belovtd son of Marie D. and
the late John C. Ayers. and brother of Wil-
liam H.. .To;m C. and Alonzo T. Ayers, Mrs.
Mary Woods. Mrs. Olivia Boullet, Mrs. Julia
Williams and the late Robert E. and Benja-
min J. Aver?, a native of San Francisco, aged
42 years 9 months and 11 days.
ITT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
( Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from his late reni-
dence, Jackson Park, Potrero. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery.
CONLAN— In Walnut Creek, August 4. lS.tl.
Charles William, dearly beloved son of Judge
and Mrs. C. T. Conlan, nephew of I>r. M. E.
Conlan, and grandson of P. Conlan. a native
of San Francisco, aged 3 years 8 months and
19 day?.
|C?" The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:45 o'clock, from the residence
of hi- parents. f>36 Page street, corner of Fill-
more, thence tn Sacred Heart fhurch for
services at 2 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary i 'emetery.
DENEHT— In this city, August 2. 1899, Cor-
nelius, beloved husband of Matilda Denehy.
father of Ellen. Bella. George. Sadie and
Bessie Denehy, and brother of Daniel Denehy.
a native of County Cork, Ireland, aged 43
years.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at S:3O o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1464 Jessie street, thence to Mission
Dolores church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
BOUI, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery
EINFELDT— In this city, August 3. 1899, Fried-
rich Einfeldt, a native of Germany, aged 73
t." Remains at the funeral parlors of H. F.
Maass, 917 Mission street.
GOTEN— In this city, August 3. ISW, Alice.
beloved wife of the late William Goyen, and
dearly beloved mother of Charles and S. Mol-
kenbuhe and Lillie Goyen. aged 60 years.
ITir Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), from the chapel of St. Joseph's
Home, where a solemn requiem mass will be
rnte.l for the repose of her soul, cntn-
menclng at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
HARRINGTON— In this city. August 3, 1«99,
Whltfdrd P., dearly beloved husband of Mary
A. Harrington, father of Benjamin P. Har-
rington, Mrs. C. K. Whltitiif and Mrs. Alice
Williams of Oakland, and stepfather of the
late William yon Poelllntz, a native of Ilion,
Herkimr-r County. New York, aged 78 years
E in. nths and 7 days. (Nevada City. Cal.. and
Ilion, N. V , papers please copy.)
(TTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend th<> funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from Pioneer Hall,
Fourth street, near Market. Interment Ma-
ponic Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of
the f'alifornia T'ndertaklng Company, 405
p. iv^ll street, near Post, until Saturday noon.
HOFFMAN— In this city, August 4, 1599, Ra-
chel, beloved daughter of Mr. and Mrs. S.
Hoffman, and sister of Mrs. Wilson, Mrs.
Ratner and Rose. Sam, Barnet and Gussie
Hoffman, a native of New York, asred 16
l : p and 19 days.
HIRLEY- In the City and County Hospital,
Autniot 4. 1899, John Hurley, a native of Ire-
land, aged 74 years.
JENKINS— Ia East Oakland, August 4, 1*99,
at the residence of B. K. Martland. 1274 Nine-
teenth avenue, George L. Jenkins, a pioneer
f.f MaryHvllle, Cal.
G^Remains shipped to Warysvllle for in-
terment under the auspices of Corinthian
Lodge No. 9, F. and A. M.
LENNON— Ia this city, August 4, 1899, John,
beloved husband of the late Lizzie Lennon,
and father of James E.. Gertrude M.. Hallle
F. and Ella G. Lennon, Mrs. James F. Conlan
and the late Lizzie Lennon. a native of Black-
rock. Dublin, aged 60 years and 8 months.
C7Notice of funeral hereafter.
NOBMANN— In Oleander. Fresno County, Au-
eust 4. 1899, Christopher Nobmann, father of
John C. and Charles H. Nobmann and Mrs.
J. C. Koop, and husband of Hannah Noh-
mann, a native of Lesum, Germany, ag-ed 63
years 9 months and 10 day*.
Mineral services will be hold to-morrow
(Sunday), ,it 2 o'clock, at California Hall, 620
Hush street. Remains at parlors of H. F.
Maass, !U7 Mission street.
O'KANE- In this city. August 2. 1R99, James
O'Kane, a native of Ireland, aged Su years.
C .'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
J C O'Connor &• Co., 767 Mission t-treet.
thence to Rt Patrick's Church for services.
Interment Holy Cro** Cemetery.
PAULI — In this city. August 3, ISM, Frank C.
sun of Qustave Paull, father of Edward, Wil-
liam and Rudolph Paull. and brother of Gus-
tave J. Paull. a native of New York City,
aged 35 years 9 months and 14 days.
%y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of A. W. Martin & Co., IIS Geary street. In-
terment Masonic Cemetery.
ROSS- In this city, August 3. 1R99, Adela Ross,
a native of Philadelphia, Pa., aged 84 years
and 5 months.
SMITH— In the City and County Hospital.
August 4, 1599, Benjamin Smith, a native of
Virginia, aged 4S years.
KHLIGMAN— A tombstone will be erected over
the grave of the late Falke Sellgman at the
New Salem r 'emetery, to-morrow (Sunday).
at 1 ;30 o'clock. Friends and acquaintances;
are invited.
TONER —In this city. August 2, 1899. Mar-
garet J., beloved daughter of James and
Bridget Toner, and sister of LllHe and Syl-
vester Toner and the late Isabel F.. Toner, a
native of San Francisco, aged 17 years.
{CTFriendu and acquaintances are reaped- j
fully invited to attend the funera.l this day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 407 Georgia street. Potrero,
thence to St. Theresa's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
r<_p<»e of her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WEIDKXMI'LLER- In this city. AugUHt 3,
IS9I-I. Elizabeth M., dearly beloved wife of the
late F. Q, Weidenmuller, and mother of
Eliza beth, Miilie, Ophelia, Charles and Louis
A. Weidenmuller, a native of Dublin, Ire-
land, aged C 2 years*
HLNRV J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Succeeaori to Flanagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
IC Fifth Bt.. opposite Lincoln .>chooL
Telepbon* Bouth 80.
JUDGE CONLAN'S LOSS.
His Only Son Dies From Pneumonia
at Walnut Creek,
Ju<lg« Conlan suffered an Irreparable
loss yesterday morning by the death of
his only son, Charles W. Conlan, a bright
boy 3 years and 8 months old. The boy
had been ailing for norae time and was
sent to friends at "Walnut Creek, where
he might find strength and health on
their ranch. He appeared to improve, but
a day or two ago he took a severe cold,
which developed into pneumonia. Th«
Judge and his wife and Dr. Conlan were
summoned to Walnut Creek and were
with him when he passed away. The
Judge lost his mother last March and this
double bereavement will prove a sad blow
to him.
■ m •
Yesterday's Insolvent.
K. c\ Merrill, bookkeeper, San Fran
cisco, $849; assets, none.
STAGNATION IN
REALTY AFFAIRS
SOON TO CHANGE
Brokers Expect Re
newed Activity.
JULY RECORDS TABULATED
MRS. LOUIS B. PARROTT SELLS
HER RESIDENCE.
The real estate brokers are anxiously
waiting for business to show a more
marked improvement than has character
ized realty affairs during the past six or
seven months. The big drop was first
noticed In February, and realty matters
have been going from bad to worse ever
since. The sanguine say that it has
reached its limit, and that in another few
months or so the business will receive a
comparative boom. There were a few
big sales during the past week, but a gen
eral quietness seems to be the prevailing
t0 Thomas Magee & Sons have published a
list of the city and county sales for the
month of July. It is as fonows:
SECTION.
| No. Sales.
Amount.
ifty varas
me hundred varas
ity slip and water 10t5...
outh Beach :
"otrero , !
llssion Addition »
Western Addition
outh San Francisco
'utslde -lands
'ax, skeleton and black-]
mall titles
31
11
i
5
57
63
13
59
2
242
i $294,375
179,050
"siooo
12.400
143,701
i 286,907
17,235
45,603
J 170
1 $984,441
I
Totals
242
A tabulated statement of the loans
mortgagrs and releases for the month of
July is as follows:
BY WHOM TAKEN.
I Mortgages.
No.) Amount.
Private individuals •„""
Hibernia Savings and Loan Soc.
Savings and Loan Society
French Savings and Loan Soc...
German Savings and Loan Soc...
Humboldt Bank • . •
San Francisco Savings Union
Security Savings Bank !
Mutual Savings Bank .....
rolumbus Savings and Loan Soc.
union Trust Company I
Jala. Savings and Loan Society.]
116] $304,163
117 597,206
3 1.700
4 24,400
48 221,050
2 4,000
13 58,700
3 15.500
6 10.700
2 4,000
I 314] $1,223,419
Totals '
Private individuals
fiibernia Savings and Loan Soc.
Savings and Loan Society
French Savings and Loan Soc.
Jerman Savings and Loan Soc...
Humboldt Bank
'an Francisco Savings Union...:
Security Savings Bank
Mutual Savings Bank
Columbus Savings and Loan Soc.
Jnion Trust Company !
;ala. Savings and Loan Society.
BY WHOM RELEASED.
Releases.
No. Amount.
94 $173,444
51 27:.7 50
8 8,700
2 3,600
24 103,900
7 38,300
16 41.750
2 4.950
4 79,000
1 600
i
•
211 8730,944
™ : , ,;:V:I
Totals . :
The biggest sale of the week was that ]
of tho residence of Mrs. Louis B. Parrott !
and lot 70x137:6 on tho west line of Frank- ;
lin street, 100 feet north of Clay. The pur
chase price was $25.0<>0 for lot and Im- !
provements, and S. Conn was the pur
chaser. He lately arrived from Guate
mala. Shainwald, Buckbee & Co. negoti- j
ated the sale.
Joseph Brandenstein and the estate of
A. S. Rosenbaum have sold the lot bound- ;
ed by Broadway, Vallejo, Pierce and
Stelner streets for a sum In the neighbor- I
hood of $90,000. This property will be im
proved.
For the week ending August 2 a total of
sixteen new building contracts, valued at j
I $129,131. were filed for record. John D. j
Spreckels has entered into a contract with
Gladding, Mcßean & Co. to furnish brick t
and terra cotta work to cost $54,300.
Ninety-two new building contracts were }
! entered into during the month of July.
! and their value is fixed at $442,692. against
j fifty contracts, valued at $341,165, for July,
IS9S. This shows a great Increase In build
ing.
On August 22 the Prescott House,, on
Montgomery avenue, Kearny and Pacific -
streets, will be sold by Shalnwald, Buck- ;
bee & Co.
Russell & Surryhne report the following
I recent sales made: Five houses and lot
I 77:6x68:9 feet on the southwest corner of '
\ Washington and Webster streets for $15.- i
; 500; northwest corner of Waller and Pierce j
streets, lot 27:6x112:6 feet, $3100; lot on the
north line of Waller street, between '
I Pierce and Scott, 25x137:6 feet, $1750; house !
I and lot on the south line of Elizabeth |
I street, between Church and Sanchez. $1600; i
j lot on the east line of First avenue, 52: C !
| feet north from Clay street; 25x118 feet, !
$1350; house and lot on th north line of !
i Fulton street, between Pierce and Scott.
30x137:6 feet, $9500; house and lbt on the
west line of Clayton street, between Page
! and Oak, 25x106:3 feet, $6500; lot on the !
i west line of Cook street, 100 feet south |
, from Point Lobos avenue, 23x120 feet, $500; j
lot on the west line of Prosper Btreet, 182:6
feet north from Seventeenth, 25x65:9 feet, I
; $SSO.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
A J Larwon, Lodi IK B Arnold, L Ang
M D Eaton, Stockton F F Huntlngton & fam
D T Lanier & w, Ga Milwaukee
L BrlttH, Cal |H F Rogers & w, Term
D Levy, Williams Mrs J P Pemberton
X I Faust. Cal Term
<; It Gordon, Pa Mrti G W Ludwick,
F H Green. S Rafael Mich
J W Miller. N V EM Wilson, Vallejo
J C Sims, X Rosa 'H S Demlng. Cal
T H Brown, S Jose iW'H La Barre. Cal
H Todd, Oakland -W W Cook & w Cal
J T Whelan. Cal H Hus, Berkeley
G W Evans, Cal jJ J Wiley, Cal
R B Terry. Cal Mrs S Smith & child,
H N Thomas, S Jose | Cal
J C IMMilns, Cal m \ Mrs Putton Cal
ESt Maurice, Cal •; T A Rwanson, Sacto
J B Kilter. Chgo W B Webber, L Ang
L A Spitzer, S Jose |F V Porn, S S O
W Thomas, Chlco A J McEtrick, Boston
Miss S E Jackson, Se- W Wiley, Cal
attle T C Woodwurth, Cal
L Perkins, Eugene |J H Glide Jr. Sacto
H H Harlow, Cal E D Hum. Napa
H O Short, Topeka '■ Mrs D H Arnold, Cal
J W Brown New Zea- Mlsp Arnold, Cal
land J Seaton, S L O
E L Blanchard & W, A E McChanahan, Cal
Los Ang ; S X Gruve. Cal
J O Mann, Minn • , J M Strienlng, Cal
Miss M A Mack, Cal ' T A Wetherspoon, Cal
A H Hubbard & w, 'J F Roylas, Cal
Cal i Dr H B Rutherford &
L Horton & w. N V ; w. Cal
G H Bliss, Chicago !
PALACE HOTEL.
J H Koch. La , Mrs D T Campbell,
Miss E Jacobs, N V I Oakland
Mlt-s L Jacobs, N V H W Klndley. Vancouv
\V F Carson, Sacto H A Goldsmith. N V
C G Hare, Cal J J Low.-nthal. L An*
R L Gropsenbach. Wis li Newman. Cal
J P Hunter. Texas H B Kendrlck. L An*
E ,1 Beall. I>os AnR J T Hudson. Salt Lake
Mrs E J Beall. L Ang Mrs Hodson, Salt Lake
T H Lord, Cal H T Gage, Sauto
J Roe, Capltola Mrs H Laub. Louisvlll
H W Hasey. N V Mlps F P Laub, Ky
Mrs H W Hasey, N V Mrs I Kramer, Ind
C C Young, N V Mlsk H Kramer, Ind
C E Brown, S S Gaelic J G Scott, Eng
J F Critchelow. N V H M Yerington, Nev
A E Maglll. Oakland Mrs Yerlngton. Nev
C W Idy. Cal A Mulr, Georgia
J T> Maxwell, Cal IS H Whitley. Halifax
R A Graham. Cal j C F Michaels & w,
T Dobbelsteln, Minn ' Alameda
J W Basham, Pawson Dr & Mrs C T Poole,
W M McKam. Cal N V
Ll«ut Col Kitson. Eng O L Lecompte, N V
Mrs Kitson, England T Flint Jr. Cal
Lieut Col A H Lee. Mrs S E Hughes, Cal
<'nl W H Durham & w,
B W Lee, Los Ang NY
I? W Lee Jr. Los Ang J C Anderson, Sacto
L Oundflngrer, Fresno G L Cook, Texas
W P Staples, Mexico V Cook. Texan
MrK Staples and chll- J Escontus, . Texas
dren Mexico M B Cone, Colo
D T Campbell, Oakld
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
P W McCallum, New C S Bettman. Stockton
Zealand F E Meredith. Cal
H E Flnney, Suisun J Green, Fresno
0 O Smith. Suisun C J Reed, San Jose
C A Tracy. Mo IC Ingham. Cal
A O Ro'mlnK, Cal C A Taylor 4 w, Minn
E R Martin. Cal Mrs O S Taylor. Minn
P De Witt, Cal V L House. L Ang
C H Whitney. Cal : W Brannnn. Tacoma
G H Heeren & w, Cal J A McMlnn & w, la
F Roach, Arißona Miss L J White, lowa
C W Haun, Arizona 'Mrs H Page, Colo
Miss E Purnell. Ottwa Miss M C Holburn.
S X Hradford, Cal Colorado
Minn F Smith, Vallejo Miss L A Tyrrell.
Miss D Harrison. Cal . West Side
F E Raynor. Cal ; E H Bcott &■ w, Nev
C H Shinn. Berkeley :J Callahan. Kan City
L Lind. NY OF Melville, St Mlch-
O Poust, Han Jose ! aol
J A Holrten. Cal T J Lamont, Cal
E R Derrick, Cal -H Williams, San Diego
THE STOCK MARKET.
Securities continued quiet on the morning
session, and the only noteworthy change was
an advance in Giant Powder to $73 73.
Inthe afternoon Hawaiian Commercial de
clined to $96 62% and Giant fell back to $72 50.
Mining stocks were again strong, and moat
of them made a material advance. The tele
gram from the pump said: "At 6:30 thlsmorning
the water was down eighteen feet two inches
below the 19.10-foot level station, the -water
having risen and fallen during the past twen
ty-four hours, while the elevator waa working
continuously."
The Savage Mining Company has levied an
assessment of 19 cents per chare, delinquent
September 6.
The Union Consolidated Mining Company has
levied an assessment of 15 cents per share, de
linquent September 6. .
The Comstock mining companies are to pay
$v per horse power per month under the terms
of the contract with the Truckee River General
Electric Company for 5000 horse power. For
1500 horse power and below that the charge
will be $8 per horse power per month. There
will be a proportionate less charge for amounts
over 1500 horse power and up to 5000 horse
power.
The Standard Consolidated Mining Company
of Bodle has declared a dividend of 10 cents
per share. For the week ending July 29, very
little exploratory work was done in the mine.
Itals* 2, east vein, 150 level, showed six inches
of ore in the top, value not stated. Raise 4,
Security vein. 31S level, had pay ore in the top.
Raises 2 and 7. No. 10 vein, 318 level, had
respectively IS and 14 inches of fair ore in the
tops. There was no change in the other open
ings. The stopes in the Moyle, No. 10, Ma
guire, Fortuna and other ledges yielded a
small amount of fair to good ore. The stopes
were doing fairly well. Some very rich scale
was being taken from the footwall in No. 6
south stope In C vein on the 270 level. Opera
tions at the mine and mill were stopped six
days during the week, pending repair* on the
pipe line at Green Creek. The quantity of
ore crushed was, therefore, only fifty-six tons;
average assay vanner tailings $12 04; concen
trates produced half a ton, assay value not
given: amalgam produced 520% ounces, value,
per ounce, $3 49. Tailings plant No. 1 treated
165% tons tailings for the week. Plant No. 2
treated thirty-nine tons tailings.
Utah is assessed sc.
Mining i.ividends in July were as follows:
Aetna Quicksilver $10,000
Am. Zlr.c, Lead and Smelting 20,000
Alaska-Mexican '. 18,000
Alaska Treadwell 75,000
Bald Butte 15.000
Boston-Aurora 5,328
Boston-Duenweg Z.inc 4,000
[ Boston-Providence 750
Bullion-Beck and Champion 10,000
Centennial-Kureka 15,000
Doe Run 2,500
Xl Dorado 10,000
Kmpire State 20.000
Gold Coin 10,000
Golden Cycle 10,000
Golden Star 11.000
Grand Central 37,500
Grass Valley Exploration 7,500
Gwln 6,000
i High Five 10.000
I Highland 20,000
Homestake 62,500
I Horn Silver 20,000
i Llllle 11,250
! Mammoth 80,000
Mercur 25,000
Missouri Zinc Fields 2 fi«4
j Modoc ... 10,000
Montana Ore Purchasing 80,000
Napa Con. Quicksilver 20,000
New Idrla Quicksilver 20,000
N. G. and Honduras Rosario 15,000
Pennsylvania ...■ 10,300
Portland ". 60 000
Petro 5,000
Sacramento 5 000
i Silver King ; 50,000
: Smuggler 10.000
South Swansea 7 500
Strong 25.'000
United nf and Lead 20 000
Swansea 5,000
Vindicator 50 750
War Eagle .".V." 26)250
Tcellow Aster 10,000
Total $937,792
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. August 4-2 p. m.
Bld.Ask.l Bid. Ask.
Bonds— Equit GI, Co 414 5 ■
Is quar c0up. ..112 — Mutual El Co. — 15
j4s quar reg.... — — Oakland Gas.. 4S 50
I 4s quar new... — |Pac Gas Imp.. Tm 71 i g
'Ss quap coup...loßVi — ! Pac LCo 42 —
Miscellaneous— S F G & E 70% 71
Cal-st Crib 55. .115 — San Fran 34 3»i
C C Wat 55. ..110 110>4 Stockton Gas.. 12' —
'■ EL& P6s ...130 — j Insurance —
F&CI Ry 65.. — 117 Firem's Fund. 223 —
Geary-st R ss. — 95 Bank Stocks —
H C & 8 5%5.107% — Anglo-Cal 66 —
I. ARy Ea 106U107 Bank of Ca1..274U280
L A LCo 65.. 99 — Cal SD & T.. — 98
Do gntd 65.. 99 — Fist Nationl..227'
Do gntd 55.. — 100 Lon P & A 129% —
Market-st 65... 128% — Mer Exchange — 18
Do Ist M 55.116 V — Nev Nat 8k...154 —
NCN G R 75.110 — Savings Banks—
I N Rof Cal 6a.113 114 Ger S & L..1650 —
' N Rof Cal 55.114 Vi — Hum S & L.1050 1160
j N P C R R 6g.106>4 — 1 Mutual Say.. 37% 42%
INP CR R 65.106U — S F Say U. .502% —
I N Cal R R 55. 11 l — S & L 50.... — 82%
DGL & H 55. 11 l . — Security SB.— 300
| Oak Transt 65. 110 — Union T Co.. — 1465
1 Om C Ry 65...126%130 Street Railroads—
P &Cl Ry 65.105 107 California 116 —
P & O6s 115 — 1 Geary 50 —
Powell-st 65... — 125 1 Market-st .... 61 61%
Sac El Ry ss. — — Oak SL& H. — 50
SF & N P ss. 113*4 — Presidio — 16 i
! p F & S JV55.115 — Powder—
Sierra R Cal6s. — California .... — 170
SPof A 65. ..112 — E Dynamite... 85 —
S P C 65(1905).112 112*4, Giant Con Co. 72% 72S
B P C 65(1906). — 1144 Vigorit 3 34
S P C 65(1M2).11S 122 Sugar—
H P C Is eg 6s. — 107% Hana P C 0.... 154 15%
! S PBr 6s — 1254|Haw C&S C. — 96S
IS V Wat 65.... 116 — Hutch S P Co. 324 — '
S V Wat 45.... 103%— Kilauea S Co. — 30
1S V W 4s<3dm)lol% — Makaweli SC. 48 —
Stktn Gas 65.. 102% — Onomea S Co. 38T» 39
Water Stocks— Paauhau S P. 39% 39%
Contra Costa.. 76% 77 Miscellaneous—
Marin County. 50 — Al Pac A55n..H6%117
Spring Va11ey.102%102% Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Gas and Electric— Oceanic S Co.. 87% BS%
Capital Gas.... — — Pac A F A.... 1% —
Central O Co.. — — Pac C Bor C 0.115. 115 135
Cent L, & P... — 7 Par Paint Co.. 84 —
Morning Session.
Board—
25 Bank of California, b 3..'. 275 00
20 Bank of California 275 00
$20,000 Contra Costa Water bonds 110 25
10 Contra Costa Water 77 00
75 Giant Powder Con 72 75
90 ana Plantation Co 15 25
5 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 98 00
200 Hutchlnson S P Co, b 30 32 00
10 Hutchlnson S P Co 31 75
375 Paauhau B P Co 39 12%
50 S F Gaslight ...• 3 50
60 Spring Valley Water 102 25
Street—
300 Hana Plantation Co 15 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
5 AlaFka Packers' Asßn 116 75
100 Contra Costa Water : 76 874
116 Giant Powder Con 72 50
10 Giant Powder Con 72 62%
50 Giant Powder Con, s 10 72 50
200 Hana Plantation Co 15 10
2r/Hawalian Commercial A Sugar 97 25
35 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 97 00
20 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 96 75
15 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 96 62%
15 Hutchinson B P Co 32 00
75 Hutchlnson S P Co 32 12%
60 Market Street Railway 61 75
50 Onomea Sugar Co 38 874
250 Paauhau S P Co 39 12%
1500 S F Gaslight 3 50
Street—
15 Bank of California 275 00
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
- Morning Session.
Board—
100 Equitable Gas 4 2o
50 Equitable Gas :...*.... 4 37%
20 Hutchinson S P Co 32 00
10 Hutchlnson S P Co , 3187%
20 Hutchinson S P Co 33 00
$5000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent bonds.. 624
75 Makawpll Sugar Co 4S 00
50 Makaweli Sugar Co 4S 12%
$5000 North Ry of Cal 5 per cent bonds. 114 50
55 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 70 75
$1000 United States 3 per cent bonds.... 10S 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
40 Contra Costa Water 76 75
50 Equitable Gas 4 62%
60 Equitable Gas 4 50
40 Giant Powder Con 72 62%
50 Hana Plantation Co 15 2",
66 Hana Plantation Co 15 %V&
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 97 50
20 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 97 25
15 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 97 00
20 Oakland Gas 47 &7%
30 Oceanic S S Co 87 50 ,
20 Oceanic S S Co 87 37%
60 Onomea Sugar Co 38.10
35MakawelI Sugar Co 48 12%
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Bonrd yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Andes 22 : 100 Justice 08
300 Best & Belcher 70; 300 Ophir 1 10
250 Best & Belcher 69 100 Potosl 46
100 ("hollar : 25 300 Savage 25
200 Con Cal & Va.2 30 100 Savage 24
100 Gould & Curry 47 1000 Sliver Hill .... 04
100 Justice 09 200 Syndicate 07
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 1000 Ophir 116
500 Best A Belcher 74 1 200 Overman 12
100 Best & Belcher 73 400 Overman 11
100 Caledonia 73. 200 Potosi 48
450 Con Cal & Va.2 35 1 100 Sierra Nevada. 70
100 Confidence 90 200 Union (lon .... 37
200 Gould & Curry 48 100 Yellow Jacket. 37
100 Justice '09 ; • '/:;
Following .were the sales in tl*e Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Alta 09 200 Justice' 08
200 Andes 21 600 Mexican C 3
400- Andes 22 800 Mexican ... 65
300 Belcher 28 50 Ophir 1124
200 Best & Belcher 70 350 Ophlr ....115
200 Best & Belcher 71 700 Ophir 120
500 Best & Belcher 72, 300 Ophlr 117%
300 Best & Belcher 73 1000 Overman ....7.. .11
300 Best & Belcher 74 i 200 Potosi .46
200 Chollar 2511000 Potosl 45
200 Chniiar 27 frm Pntosi 4S
.200 Con C & Va....2 30, 500 Savage 1M
200 Con C A Va..2 32' A 500 Savace 25
400 Con C &. Va 2 35 700 Sierra Nevada. 71
700 Con C ft Va....2 40 2<«> Sierra Nevada. 72
400 Con C & Va....2 4r. MO Union Con 3:i
30" Gould & Curry. 4>i 800 Union Con «fl
300 Gould & Curry. 49 200 Utah 13
&00 Hale & N0r.... 38
Afternoon Session.
300 Alta 09 6fio Mexican 62
l"0 Andes 21 100 Ophtr 11!
200 Be»t & Belcher 72 SO'iO Overman 11
100 Con C & Va..2 374 100 Savage 26
400 Con C & Va....2 35! 300 Sierra Nevada. 10
200 Gould & Curry. 4-!; 100 Sierra Nevada, fifl
100 Justice 09| 200 Sierra Nevada. 6S
200 Justice 08
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, August 4—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask
Alpha 04 OB Justice OS 09
Alta 08 10 Kentuok 04 O."i
Andes 21 22 Lady Wash.... 01 02
Belchtr 2« X Mexican "61 62
Rest & Belcher 72 73 Occidental 23 24
Bullion 09 10 Ophlr 110 11."
Caledonia 72 — Overman 10 11
Chollar 27 28 Potosl 4S 49
Challenge Con. 29 30 Savage ..-. 24 IS
Confidence 89 93 Scorpion 02 --
Con Cal & Va..2 30 235 Srg Belcher 06 08
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 87 6S
Crown Point.... 26 2S Silver Hill 01 DC
Eureka Con 6") — Syndicate 07 10
Con New Yorfc. — 03 Standard 2«0 •
Exchequer — 04 Pt Louis — 12
Gould & Curry. 4.'. 46. Unl'.n Con 37 3S
Hale & Norcrs. 37 39 Utah 11 12
Julia 02 03 Yellow Jacket .. 36 37
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
1^ Steamers leave Broadway
rf^ti,-, wharf, Pan Francisco:
jVjraßlhL F or Alaskan ports. 10 a. m.,
1 MPfkJn^ Atigrust 4. 9. 14. ID. 24. 29. Sep-
-1 fftUHl tember 3. change at Seattle.
i IK&Nllq Fur Victoria. Vancouver (B.
] imssc*2tfml C.), " rt Townsend, Seattle.
I^^^^EHMfl Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.). ;
10 a. m. August 4, 9. 14, 19, I
24 29 SeDt^mber 3. and every fifth day there- j
after:' change at Seattle to this company s
steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Ta-
ooma to N P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p m.. August
2. 7. 12, 17. 22, 27. September 1. and every fifth
: d For ¥anta Cniz, Monterey. San Simeon.
Cayuros. Port Harford (San Lul* Oblspo).
Gaviota, Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme :
i San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and •
Newport. 9 a. m.. August 4 8, 12, 16. 20. -4.
28. September 1. and every fourth day there- 1
af For San Dtego. stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis ObiPpo). Santa Barbara, Port
T oa Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m Aulust 2 6. 10. 14. 18. 22, 26. 30. September
3 "and every fourth day thereafter.
'For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del .
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia ,
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves . the right to change ,
without previous notice steamera. Balling dates ;
a T ICKKT° f OFr'i n CE-4 New Montgomery |
Bt GOODALrP?RKINS • CO.. GenrAgts..
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Speor-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC SI2 First Class Including Bert*
I Ant $8 Second Class and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA .sails. ............
Aug. 6, 16, 26, Sept. o.
COLUMBIA sails.... Auk. 1. 11. 21. 31. Sept. 10.
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Bu'.te,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East. •
E. C. WARD, General Afrent,
630 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS t CO-.^^^
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PARI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New Tork.... August 2 New Tork.... rs i
St. Louis August 9 St. Louis August 30 i
St. Paul August 16
«ED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwero.
From New Tork Every Wedne?day, 12 noon. 1
Adria July 2(f| Kensington Aug. lfi
Southwark ..August 2 Noordland Aug. 23
Westernland ...Auk 9
EMPIRE LINE. i
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City. j
For full Information regarding freight and 1
passage apply to {
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY
30 Montgomery St.. or any of its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR- '
ncr First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m.. for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hloga). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers fo:
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day j
of sailing.
AMERICA MARU.- Wednesday, July 20 i
HONGKONG MARU Thursday. August 17
NIPPON MARU Tuesday. September 12
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office. j
421 Market Bt., cor. First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent. ;
-^BUBfrw S. S. Moana sails
«F» ( S£f2iailSlfil!sC vla Honolulu and
fj-S^Kfl & Auckland for Sydney
El^rei. ?&< Wednesday. August 9.
PHMf|m||o| S S - Moana sails .
TfcßWiy via Honolulu and
[•t"*"""^'Auckland fur Sydney
|g ™^^_^^ Wednesday. August 9.
«'jfS^^raniMl!nJ Th 9 S. S. Australia
GJICdIIDIIIU^ cnlls for Honolulu
Aueugt 23>
Favorite Line Round the world, via Hawaii.
Samoa New Zealand, Australia. India, Suez.
England, etc.; $610 first class.
I 0. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO. . Agts., i! 4 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market St.
COMPAONI3 GENERAL? TKAN3ATLANTI<jnS
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m <J(Tv v
from Pier 42, North River, foot of
Morton St. LA CHAMPAGNE August 12: LA
BRETAGNE. August lit; LA NORMANDIE,
Aucußt 26; LA TOURAINE. Sept. 2: LA
CHAMPAGNE. Sept. 9. First-class to Havre. j
565 and upward. 5 per cent reduction on round |
trip. Second-class to Havre. $45. 10 per cent re- j
ductlon -on round trip GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32
Broadway 'Hudson building). New York. J. r.
FUO.'ZI CO.. Pacific Coast t "'*•;* Mont-
gomery aye.. San Francisco.
BAY AUD BIVEB STEAHEBa
STOCKTON PXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at S a. m. |
daily returning from Stockton at fi p. m.
daily (Saturday excepted). Regular steumer*
leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m.
daily (excepting Sunday). AND IMP . Co.
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main 305. I
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlceno."
MON , Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45 ,
a. m., 8:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex Thurs. night), Fri-
days, 1 p m. and 8:30: Sundays, 10:30 a. m.. I
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main I^oB.
FARE Coc|
. !
SAIX.BOAO TBAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via SausaUto Ferry.
Commencing April 23, 1899.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY ■
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO. *8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m. ;
•1:45. 3:20. 4:00. *6:00, 6:30 p. b.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •B:OO. *»:00. '10:00. 11:00. 11:30 a.
m • 1:00, *1:45, *2:30. •4:00, 5:30, 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a m. does not run to San Raf'l Sundays. j
6-30 p m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked <•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. »6:40, 7:55, 8:40, »10:20
a m. : 12:30, 2:15, *3:40. 4:35, 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and' Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10: p. m.
SUNDAYS-7:00, «S:00. »9 ; 45. 'IOMa. '11:45 :
a. m.; 1:00. 2:20, •3:80, «5:15. *6:00. 7:00. 10:15
p in.
. Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO. !
WEEK DAYS— S:4S, 6:50. 7:55, 8:55. 10:35
a m. : 12:35, 2:45. 4:55, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday*, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00. 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 10:00. 11:10 a. m. 12:05,
1-20 "2:40, 3:65. 5:30, 6:30, 10:20 p. -m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
3:20 p*m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
8:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way Fta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta'ns.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
Leave San Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY, April 23. 1899.
WEEK DAYS. 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday, Wednesday and Satur-"
day at 5:15 p. m., Returning Same Even-
Ings, arriving In San Francisco at 11:20
p. m.
SUNDAYS. 8. 9. 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45. 2:30
and 4 p. m.
Fare S. F. to Summit- and Return. $1 40.
THOS. COOK & SON. AKts.. 621 Market st.
. EAILROAD TBAVEL.
MOVTIIKRN «K1«" COMPANY.
(PAOirlU SVrtTUI.)
Train* l«-nv« »■■•■ ttro «ln« '" «rrlTe nl
SA> rRAMCiaK'O.
(Main Lii-.c, Foot cf ilarket Street)
LB AVE — FltO-V Aiuust 2. ISJ9. — ARRIVE
7:O«\ Benicia, Sulsun and Sacramento.... 5:-ISp
7:OOa Marysvillo, Orovilloaud lteudiiig Tia
Woo<Uaud s:isp
7:OO\.KUnira, VacaTillo aud Ktimsey H:oOp
7::i«A Martinez, Sau I taiuon, Vallejo. N»pa,
Oalistoga and Santa Bos* « : J» p
8:«Oa Atlaiitictirrcss. U|deti and Kast.. Bil3a
mi:i«a Ban .Jose. LlTermorc, .Stockton,
lone, Baeramcnto, Placerrillc,
MarjßTillo, Chlco, Keil lihiff -lil.ip
S:»Oa •Milton. Oafcdalo and bonora -l:ISp
H:3O* Yoeemito Valley Tia Oakdale and
Chmeso ,t'-]- r
O:OOa HaywarUs, Nilts and Way stations. I 5 s4.» a
U:OO.v Martinez, Tr.tcy. Lathrop, titockton,
Merced and 12:13p
9iOOa l'rcsno, HaUeratJf.-l<l. Santa lim-iiaru,
liOs Atigclcs, DemiDg, Xl Paso,
New Orieana and Kast 6:-Jsp
1O:OOa Vallijo. Martinez and Way Stations 7: l."»p
1 1 :OOa Haywarils, Niles and Way Stations. 2s l.»p
IX:00m Ni^s, Livcrajore, Stockton, Hacra-
rnento, Mrnduta, Hauford, Visalit,
PorttrTille i:IBp
•l:OOp Sacrameuto UiTCZ Steamers »8:00p
8:OOp Haywards, Nilrs and Way Stations. 0«43p
4iMr Martinez. Kail ltaaaOH, Valiojo,
Napa, Umlbtosa, Sauta Uosa Bi I 1»a
4:00 - Beuicia, Vacavillo, Mitcraiue:ito,
Woodland, Iviiiw'uts Landing,
Marysvtllc, Oroville IO:W*
4iUop Niles, San. aud Stockton 7:li>i>
'ii3opYoBeroito Sleeping Car for Kaymond 12:13p
O:OOpTho Owl. Tracy, I*llllll Bakers-
tield, baugua for Banta Barbara,
Lcs AugcTca 9:4»\
B:SOp Stockton, lfened, Fresno 12:13p
0::toi- Martinez, Tracy, Mendot.i, Fresno,
Mnjavo and 1.08 Angelis St4»A
BiBor Santa I'o Itoute, Atlautio >Jx press
forMojawaiMl Kast 0:43p
• iOOr Chicago-San Franciaco Special.Ogileii
aud Kast SjSOf
6:OOp Haywarils, Niles ami Han Joso 7: |;»a
•6:00 i> Vallejo 12:13p
J7:OOp Vallejo, Port Cost* and Way Sta-
tions J»i3sp
BtOsr Orccou ICxpreaa, Hacrameuto, Slarys-
ville. l!.-.i.;inu-. Pottlaml, Pnget
Boiiiul ami I'.ast S:lsa,
COAST DIVISION (Narrow Oauge).
(Foot <.f*.l.:rket Street.) .
17:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz acd Principal Way Stations JS:OSp
Bsl3ANe.vrark-,('"nUrvil!e,San.lL>3e, Felton,
Boulder Creek.Sauta Oruz and Way
Stations 3:30p
•8: 1 Newark, Centerville, San Jose, New
Alniaden, FeltOD, Boulder Creek,
Banta Cruz and l'rincii>al Way
Stations »1O:3OA
4sl3p San Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions. 9:20*.
MilßpFelton, Santa Crnz and Way Sta-
tlor.B /Ot2OA
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from rRiNOISCO— Foot cf JUrktt Street (Slip —
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.M. 11:03 *2:CO t3:03
•4:00 JS:C3 *6:ooi\M.
fromOilUHD— FMlof Bronilwaj.— *«:oo 8:00 10:OOi.M.
tI2:CO *l:00 12:03 »3:00 fl:30 "8:00l-.M.
COAST IHVISIOX (nroa.lOßnge).
■ (Third and Townqcnd Bt*.) :
•6: 1 Oa Ooeau View, South ban Francisco.. *O:3Op
•7:00 a Han JoM ftml Wny StatioUß (New
Alina>lr-'.i Wednesdays only) »S:OOa
17:30 a. Sunday Excursion for Kanta Cruz,
Piiciiic firovo aud Principal Way
Stations JBx33p
•iOOa Han Joso. Tr;-» linos, Kanta Cruz, ;
Paoiiio Orove. Paso Hoblea, San
l.ula Oliispo, Surf, Lompoc ami
Principal Way Stauoai 4ilop
|Oi4Oa Sun Jose mill Way .Stations 6:854
1I::IO* San Jose ami Way Stations.. liKOp
•2:lspSnn Mateo, Uedwood, Mcnlo Park.
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San .Jose,
Hollister, Santa Cruz. Silicas,
If <mtereT anil Pacilic Grove »IO:3Ga
•Ui3Op San Jose, Santa Cruz, Pacific Gro»e
and PriDcii*! WaySUttoia *7:30p
•4:1 3p San Jose and Principal Way Stations J>:J3a
•3:OOp San Jose aud Principal Way Stations •■*>:3sa
3:30r San Jose an<l Principal Way Stations *S):hOa
C:.*tOp San Jose au.l WayStatlotM -5:SOp
tll-.a.-ji- San Jcseaml Way Htatioiiß t7:3op
A for Moruing. I" for A fternoon.
• Snnilay exeeiite.l t Sunday only. 1 Ratunlay only.
JiSaturday and Snnday. /Surday aud MonOay.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
UM FBANGISCO AND NORTH PACIRC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO 3 AN RAFAEI*
WEEK DATS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:SS,
1:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — trips &t l:M
and 11:30 p. m.
BUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:80, 11;00 a. m.; 1:30, J. 34,
; 6:00, 6:20 p. m.
i SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— B:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 sl. m.; 12:45,
! 8:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:56 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. 8:40. 6:04.
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Bohuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave I Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect j San Francisco.
. . April 18. vu — — ,— ■
Week Sun- 1599. I Bra- Week
Pays. days. Destination. ' cays. Days.
__^_^__^ _ b^___^ --^ ' ,
T:3O am B:oCam Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
j:3O pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 1:35 pm 8:20 pm
m i M^BM^H m -^—~— I -
j Fulton,
f i*o am Windsor, 10:2 a am
Healdsburgr,
* Lytton,
Geyservllle,
I: SO pm 8:00 am Qloverdale, T:SS pm 6:20 pra
V:tO am Hop.and and 10:25 an»
8:30 pm 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
T:St> am( 10:25 am
j 8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
1:30 pm . , <:20 pm
T:3O im 8:00 am! Sonoma |lO:4O am 8:40 a;u
and
1:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. ! 6:05 pm 6:80 pni
T:3O am B:Wam' Bebaatopol. 10:40 am|lO:Ss am
t:3O pm 6:00 pmi ! 7:35 pm| 6:20 pra
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Bprings ar.d White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggs
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers^ at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kolseyville. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Laktr-
port and Bartlett Springs; at t'klah for Vichy
Brrinss, Sarat >v.'a Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno.
Potter Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Lterley's,
Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights, HullviUe,
Boonevllle. Phllo, Christine, Soda SprtnßS.
Navarro, 'Whltesboro. Albion. Little • River.
Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocino City, Fort TlrfLgg,
Westport, Usal, Willitts. Laytonvllle, Cum-
mlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen'i, Dyep,
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced ratea.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all polnta
b*yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices 650 Market at.. Chronicle bids.
H C WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Mar.r.ter. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Santa Fe Route
■-
San rancisco to Chicago.
I
IHL MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
IHE CONTINENT.
KVEP.Y DAY IN THE YEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:30 P. M.
! MNIN'i". ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR.
FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL. SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
RATES.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. 62S
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE MAIN 1331.
OAKLAND OFFICE. UlB Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE. 201 J street.
SAN JOSE OFFICE. 7 W. Santa Clara street.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. - . 1539. trains will run as follows:
" South-bound I tli- bound.
Passen- Mixed. ' Mixed. | Pa^en-
«r Sunday Stations. Sunday per.
Daily. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd | Daily.
7:20 am 10:30 Btoel |-3:45 pmj 6:00 pm
10 am 2:05 pm Merced > 12:40 pm 4 13 pm
10-40 am 5:35 pm Fresno 9:3> am| - '- pm
li : 3 Sam 7 : 45pm Hanford 7:45 am| 1:45 pm
"■25 prn 12:10 am Bakertfleld 2:00 amilliOO am
11-59 am 6:25 pm Vlsalla | 6:40 am 1:22 pm
12:15 pm| 6:53 pm Tulere | 5:50 am| 1:0 a pm
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connection!
inquire at Traitic Department. 321 Market St.,
San Francisco. ■■ _..____^^-^^_—
Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
iLtjnJra 625 KEABSTY ST, Established
£§«?3r ; »vi\ In JJ»S4 for the treatment oi Private
jjk Oisenses, Lost Manhood. Debility ot
625HEABKYNT Established
In 1554 (or the treatment ot Private
Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility 01
fcSME^3J$$& diseasewoorlnsrou boUyand mind arid
Skii\ Dlfcoss«-s. I'hecloctorcureswhen
(>thet3fill- Try him. Charges low
S^^^H 1 iirpucuarnntped. CtJlorwrlto.
»r. J. I;'. li«iiO>. Box. 1357. 5a0 i'ranciaca
1112
SAN FRANCISCO AWAITS THE COMING
OF THE CALIFORNIA VOLUNTEERS
Checks Drop Unsolicited Into the
Fund for Reception.
The Citizens' Committee Considers Steps to Be
Taken to Secure Employment for
Returning Soldiers.
IF money talks, as they say it does, I
enough has been said already to
assure the success of San Francis
co's reception to the home-coming
California Volunteers. Fifty thou
sand dollars is the sum upon which
the Citizens' Committee has set its i
heart, and yesterday, without the j
least bit of " solicitation, more than j
$2000 went rolling into the treas
ury. Monday morning the business
and professional men of the city will j
start out each in the district mapped j
cut for him. Before nightfall it is j
expected the snowy fall of checks and !
the merry jingling of dropping dol
lars will remind one of a jolly sleigh
ing party on an Eastern winter day. '■
The manner in which well-known
citizens responded yesterday to the j
invitation of the finance committee j
shows that no one is daunted at the j
idea of raising the money necessary. j
No one asked the question "How will j
we get it?'' It was always, "When do j
we commence?" The answer came at
once in the shape of letters contain
ing checks for the following amounts:
San Francisco Brewers' Asso
ciation $1000 i
Stock and Bond Exchange .. . 250
London, Paris and American
Bank 250 j
Merchants' Exchange 100 j
Loyal Legion 50
Goldberg, Bowen & Co. ... 50
"With the balance left from the j
moneys collected for the reception i
heretofore held, amounting to ,
5347 76. this makes a starter of
52047 76. Not so bad.
In addition to this commencement,
the attention of the newly formed
citizens' finance committee has been
called to the necessity of steps to se
cure employment, either old or new,
for returning volunteers. The senti- |
ment seemed to be unanimous that j
there would be no difficulty on this
head.
The theatrical managers, who have
set themselves the task of raising
SSOOO of the necessary amount, are
hard at work and will leave no stone
unturned to make the benefit a
golden-lined, artistic success. The
managers, like the members of the j
citizens' executive and finance com- l
mittees. have received proffers of all
kinds of assistance free from various
sources.
The auction sale of boxes and
choice seats for the big benefit will be
held at the Orpheum next Thursday,
beginning at noon. Mayor Phelan i
will make a speech and Actresses
Edna Wallace Hopper, Miss Anglin,
Juliet Crosby, Alice Neilsen and num
erous beauteous others will smile on
prospective purchasers.
The executive committee meets
this morning at 11 o'clock at the
Chronicle building. The decoration
committee meets this afternoon at 3
o'clock at the Union Trust building.
CITIZENS WILL
SOLICIT FUNDS
Large Subscriptions Are Sent
in Without Ask
ing.
In response to invitation half a hundred
representative business and professional
men of the city met yesterday afternoon
in Superior Judge Carroll Cook's court
room at the City Hall to organize a citi
zens' finance committee to operate with
a like body, of which M. 11. de Young is
chairman, appointed by the executive re
ception committee.
M. H. de Young- called the meeting to
order and stated the purpose to be the or
ganization of a citizen body to collect sub
scriptions to a fund for the reception of,
lirst, the returning Californians, and then
of other volunteer soldiers from the Phil
ippines. He said that in addition to the
money the committoemen might subscribe
themselves their time was needed to so
licit. The city was so districted by the
executive committee, he continued, and
all the machinery' for collecting was In
such shape that it would not take more
than two or three mornings to clear, up
•. i >rk.
i irganization was perfected by the elec
tion of Colonel George H. Pippy as secre
tary, and the meeting proceeded to busi
ness, the following answering rollcall:
Mayor James D. Phelan, Charles L. Patton
William A. lieane, A. G. Booth. F. W. Dohr
rnann, Rnlla V. Watt, Congressman Julius
Kahn. F. C. Masteller, Rudolph Herold, Chlff
Justice Beatty of the Supreme Court, George
en. George Jl Plppjr. Nlles Searls, Superior
Judge George H. Bahrs. '"Williams S. Droypol-
Dernham, William Wolff, William
P. Morgan, Brigadier General R. H. Warfleld,
J. J. Gottlob, W. H. L*ahy, Hfnry T. Sett,
Thomas Kirkpatrick, Colonel J. S. Youn*. M.
Meyerfeld Jr., Murk Thall, W. Schroeder, < '.
}'. Stone, John Slemen, l J ar!s Kilburn, R. J.
T"bln, Captain Charles Nelson, E. A. IJfnkke,
L. F. Bylngton. C. A. Hooper, Henry Sonntag
and Major W. B. Hooper.
The edge of the sorrow of the meet-
Ing at the reading of letters from various
gentlemen r> «r<tting their inability to be
present was taken off by the Indosure
of checks for the cause. C. Altschul,
manager of the London, I'aris and Amer
ican Bank, inclosed a check for $250 as
the contribution of that institution;
Henry Schwartz, secretary of the San
Francisco Stock and Bond Exchange',
Biade apology for his absence with a
check for a similar amount as the sub
on ''1" the Exchange; Hermann Ep
pinger, president of the Merchants' Ex
change, Inclosed a check for $100; Hugo
D. Kelt's absence was atoned for by a
letter Inclosing Goldberg, Bowen & Co.'s
check for $60. Ben Cohen, hatter, at 330
Kearny street, offered to the committee
as his contribution 50 per cent of the
Bales of his store on Monday, August 7.
He asked that the committee send a
cashier to look after the sales, he hav
ing inclosed a check for So to pay such
cashier's salary. Roche & Hoeber's let
ter informed the committee that the
printing establishment of Francis, Val
entine & Co., of which they are proprie
tor.-, would do all poster work and print
ing required free of charge.
The applause that greeted these checks
and offers had hardly died down before
It broke out afresh and louder at the
announcement of the chair that C. B.
Stone, on behalf of the San Francisco
Brewers' Association, had left with the
committee a check for $1000. E. A.
Denicke reported that the Ix>yal Legion
had voted $50 to the reception committee.
With regard to the matter of collect
ing funds for the reception. Congressman
Kahn, who was secretary of the finance
committee of Midwinter Fair, said that
the plan inaugurated at that time of
cutting up the city into 6mall collection
districts would suit admirably the pres
•nl purpise. With the assurance from
the chnir that such was the Intention
he offered the following resolution: J
That the chairman appoint nine members of
this body to be known as the flnam-e commit
tee's executive council. The chairman and
secretary shall also be members of this com
mittee. That the powers and duties of this
council shall be to make assignments for the
different collection districts and to fill vacan
cies where members fail to do their duty. That
all members of the committee shall report to
the executive council. The council will see that
a thorough canvass is made for funds, and
further they shall meet daily at an hour to be
fixed : y themselves at the headquarters of the
finance committee.
"Is it understood," asked Mr. Sonntag,
"that the citizens of San Francisco are
getting up this reception, or is it a State
affair? It seems to me that a great many
of the soldiers that weni to Manila are
residents of other sections of the State.
"Every man in the First Regiment,' re
plied Henry T. Scott, "belongs to this
*" Chairman de Young said that it was not
the Intention to • scpend all of the money
on the reception to the California boys,
but to use som< part of it for the recep
tion of other returning recruits.
"The committee," continued Mr. de
Young, "invited a number of Oakland
men to the meeting to-day, but not one
of them has responded."
The resolution offered by Congressman
Kahn was carried and the chair named
the committee as follows: Julius Kahn,
C. B. Stone, Charles L. Patton, Grove P.
Ayers, A. J. Raisch, Paris Kilburn, Henry
Sonntag A. H. Vail and John P. Jackson.
The chair announced that since the
appointment of the committee subscrip
tions had been received and disburse
ments made for the ption to the Ore
gon volunteers. He called for the partial
report of Treasurer Dohrmann, as fol
lows:
SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Pan Francisco Call $10000
San Francisco Chronicle 10(J O<J
San Francisco Examiner • X™ "'
George Crocker i"' l 00
Harbor Commissioners 100 00
Alaska Commercial Company JSO 00
w. P. Lawlor 10 °°
Jamea Hamilton ln 00
H. C. McPike 20 00
Charles F. Hanlon 20 00
Occidental Hotel '■ 2r> 00
Mayor Jamea Phelan 1(") 00
Tivoli Opera House 25.00
F. W. Dohrmann 25 00
Mayor Phelan (additional) 500 00
Total W. 385 M
Disbursements 1.037 24
Cash on hand J:i47 76
Chairman de Young announced that the
committee was in receipt of a letter upon
which he thought some action should be
taken in the meeting. It referred to the
reinstatement in their old places of em
ployment of the returning volunteers. He
said there ought to be an organization of
citizens to procure employment for the
returned volunteers who are not able to
get their former places. The letter was
read as follows:
SAX FRANCISCO, Auk. 4..1599.
M. H. de Young— My Dear Sir: 1 am in re
ceipt of your letter of even date Inviting me
to be present at the council chambers of the.
Board of Supervisors in the City Hall at 3
o'clock this day to consider <iuestions relative
to the reception of our California boys and
other soldiers returning from the Philippines, i
I would say in reply that 1 have no doubt as
to the character of the reception that our boys
will get when they reach h..me; that will be
all right. My anxiety about the boys com
mences at the date of their discharge.
I think one of the most useful committees
that could be appointed would be one whose
duties would be to ascertain by whom each
of these boys was employed before going
away, and, if possible, to get a pledge that
every one should have his old place open to him
when he returns. Four splendid young fellows
left our house to go to the war; one died at
Manila. The others can all have their old
places immediately after they return. In doing
this none of our present employes will be dis
charged.
If a similar promise could be obtained from
other employers whose boys left to go to the
war I am sure that more permanent good
would come from such pledges than any other
work that can or will be done by the com
mittee having these matters in charge. If we
did our whole duty now, not only to prepare
a hearty and royal welcome when th«>sp boys
arrive, but to secure them steady, honest em
ployment after they return. San Francisco ne< d
never have a soldier on the street, late from
the Philippines, who, by nrglect, has been
driven to be a tramp or a bum.
We have also one representative in Colonel
Summers' regiment, now at the Presidio, and
have written our Portland manager to reinstate
him as soon as the Oregonlans reach home.
Yours very truly, A. H. VAIL.
"The executive committee, in its head
quarters tent." said Mayor Phelan, "has
fitted up a place for a secretary and for a
great register upon which may be in
scribed the names of the boys returning,
and I think the committee could make
efforts to secure employment for any that
are unable to do so.
"Right here," he continued. "I would
like to correct the impression that we are
providing only for the reception of the
First California, We are endeavoring to
provide for all who showed a disposition
to and did enlist. The Native Sons' Com
mittee has found at least 9000 men who
enlisted in California, A large number of
these, through no fault of their own, were
compelled to remain at home. I think
we should take care of them as the Native
Sons have. It will interest the State in
our work. When there is a reunion, as
there undoubtedly will be, all Californians
who enlisted will come here and be re
ceived as soldiers."
"I do not think," said Henry T.
Scott, "there will be any trouble
about the California boys getting back
their old places. So far as the Union Iron
Works is concerned they will. They had
that promise before they left, and 1 think
other employers in the city feel the same
way. I will say, too, for the Union Iron
Works that after our own volunteers are
back at work, if there are any good me
chanics among the other volunteers look
ing for work, we'll give them jobs."
Fire Commissioner Bohen said the men
who enlisted from the Fire Department
would get back their places. Captain Nel
son added that if there was a scarcity of
Jobs in the city for returning volunteers
there was plenty of opportunity in the
lumber woods of Humboldt County, to
which he would be glad to give them
transportation.
The meetirtg then adjourned, with the
understanding that the executive council
was to meet this morning at 11 o'clock at
the Chronicle building.
-^.
AT NATIVE SONS'
HEADQUARTERS
Organizations That Will Take
Part in the Grand
Parade.
Responses to invitations sent out by-
Grand Marshal Pistoles! of the Native
Sons' and Daughters' reception commit
tee are being received at the California
Hotel headquarters.
Burns Lodge of the Ancient Order of
United Workmen will parade.
The second company of th*> Boys' Bri
! gade will turn out Beventy-flve or one
j hundred in uniform.
George H. Thomas Post, Grand Army of
I the Republic, will discuss the invitation
I at the next meeting-.
Mars Ix>dge, Knights of Pythias, an-
I nounced that it considered It a duty and a
I pleasure to welcome the California boys,
i but the lodge, being composed of soldiers
of the United States army, and ail but
ten being on duty at various posts, and
the ten not being able to participate as a
body would appear in line wherever or
dered by their superior officers.
The cooks and waiters will make a
showing in line.
Marshall Parlor. Native Sons of the
Golden West, will have a feature in line.
San Francisco Grutli Verein (Swiss) will
take part in the parade.
California Parlor, Native Sons of the
Golden W est. appointed J. P. Dockery W
D. Hobro Jr., W. W. Shannon and W." g'.
Rowlands a committee to arrange for
making a good showing in the parade.
General Shafter in his reply to the mvii
i tation said: "It will give me a great deal
! of i>leasure to do all I can, both in mv pri
vate as well as my official capacity, to
assist in the welcome to the gallant regi
i ment from California."
Next Monday there will be a meeting of
I the reception committee at the California
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, AUGUST 5, 1899.
CITIZENS' FINANCE COMMITTEE PERFECTS ORGANIZATION.
Hotel headquarters, and on Wednesday
there will be a meeting of the parade com
mittees of the Native Sons ana Daughters
and citizens' associations to arrange for
the parade.
SEAT SALE FOR
THE BENEFIT
Actresses Will Assist the
Mayor to Make
It Go.
At the meeting yesterday morning of
the Theatrical Managers' Association
plans for the gigantic benefit for Califor
nia's returning volunteers were reported
to be nearing perfection.
it was decided to sell at auction the
twenty-four boxes and choice of seats.
The auction will be held next Thursday,
beginning at noon, at the Orpheum Thea
ter, Wendell Easton having volume, r l
as auctioneer. Mayor Phelan has con
sented to I •■ present and make a si
that will coax a bird off a bush jr an
eagle out of a pocket, lie will be BUp
poited by a bevy of the brainiest and
most bewitching 'actresses in the city,
among them being Edna Wallace Hopper,
.luliet Crosby, Miss Anglin and Alice
Niels* n.
Communications were received from
various persons and firms volunteering
aid. A. l-\ Schleicher offered to decorate
the Orpheum free of charge for the bene
fit; the Pacific Transfer Company offered
to haul gratis any scenery ur baggage;
tin United Carriage Company offered the
committee the free use of carriages on
benelit day; Siebe & Green offered to pro
vide without charge painted stands in
prominent places in the city and co poet
any printing furnished; Sterling <fc
Dunphy offered to distribute free all
printing furnished by the committee.
In the same line the theatrical employes
of the city yesterday adopted the follow
ing resolution:
In compliance with the patriotic spirit shown
by the newspapers and citizens of San Fran
, :rn of the California Volan
ts..pp. -vv\ the Theatrical Employes' Protective
Union No. 16, X. A. T. S. E., :it our meeting
to-day \ntp.i to allow our members to work
any benefits tor the California Volunteers that
may be given for their benefit, gratis.
George Lask. the stage manager for the
benefit, submitted the programme, it will
open with "A Few Glimpses From the
Circus," the members of the man,'t,"is'
company taking pan in the grand eniree.
Henry Miller and company will give an
aci of "Heartsease"; the Tivoli "grand
opera company will sing the third act
from "Alda," in wnich is the Nile .-■ ■ ac;
the Alcazar stock company will present
the one-act play, "Only the Master Shall
Blame": Blanche Kates and the Prawley
company will appear in a one-act play:
the comic opera company from the Grand
i >[■• ra-house will sing an act of "Falka."
Star specialists from the < >rpheum will
glitter all through the programme, which
will close with an old-fashioned walk
around and cakewalk contest, in which
managerial talent will have a chance to
display its ankles. Other surprises in
preparation.
A!f Elllnghouse was appointed as a
committee to solicit donations of flowers
from florists of the city, to be soi.l dur
ing the benefit by the fadies- connected
with the different theaters.
The committee will meet again this
morning.
PROVIDING FOR
THE VOLUNTEERS
A Suggestion for Use of Part
of the Reception
Moneys.
The following communication Is in Hne
with the sentiments expressed yesterday
in the letter of A. H. Vail of Sanborn,
CAUGHT WITH COUNTERFEIT
COIN IN THEIR POSSESSION
AGENT CRONIN of the United States Secret Service Division made a
clever capture yesterday afternoon of a man and a woman who are
suspected of having been engaged in the manufacture of counterfeit
dollars, halves and dimes for a long time past. The man and a male
confederate had Just passed a counterfeit dollar on a saloon-keeper at the
corner of I/arkin and McAllister streets. The confederate escaped, but Karl
Kristensen and Mrs. Mary Terry, alias Mrs. Kristensen, alias Nellie Brown,
were arrested in the vicinity.
Kristensen and the woman occupied a suite of three rooms at 511 cMdy
street, and had been living together since last April. The pair were taken to
the City Prison and searched. All that was found was a dollar and two dimes,
all counterfeit. Secret Service Agents Hazen and Crontn then searched the
rooms of the prisoners and foun-1 a complete outfit of molds, together with a
quantity of tin and lead, out of v)nch the counterfeit money had been made.
They also found a quantity of half-finished coins.
The woman came from Lansing. Mich., about two years ago. She gave the
name of Nellie Brown to the detectives, but they ascertained her real name
and her past history, which is ?ald to be far from savory.
Kristensen said that he kept a restaurant at the Manchester House on
Sixth street five or six years ago and that he returned from the Klondike
about six months ago. He admitted having coined the money, but said
that he had no intention of passing the pieces. He had read about. the cap
ture of some counterfeiters in San l^uis Obispo County and he wondered how
bogus money was made, and simply for pastime he made some plaster molds
and a few pieces out of tin and lead. He carried three of the dollar pieces
around with him in his pockets because he did not like to have any one ttlink
that he was "broke." His friend, whjse name he refused to divulge, had
asked htm. for one of the dollars, and he had given it to him upon his prom
ise not to attempt to passs It.
The secret service men had boen watching Kristensen for some time. Com
plaints had been made that counterfeit coins had been passed upon pool
sellers and others at the racetrack, and Kristensen was found to be a fre
quent attendant at the races. This fact, reinforced by the information
gained afterward that Kristensen had no visible means of support, led to a
watch being placed upon him and the woman.
Vail & Co. to the citizens' finance com
mittee. It goes a little further, however,
planning, in addition to the employment
of the returning volunteers, some mone
tary provision for those unable to get
their former positions. The letter reads:
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 3, 1899.
To the Kditor of The Call— Dear Sir: I have
pbserved with pleasure the. grand preparations
for the reception of our boys of the First Cali
fornia Kegimeiy: on their return home. It
BhOWS not only patriotism, but an affection
■which again verifies the old adage that "blood |
is thicker than water." ..-.;"
I hope to live to be one of those who join
in . the ovation, for I had a boy with Dewey
who served on the Baltimore during the bat- |
tle of Manila Bay, and he is yet in the service. (
Therefore, I trust you will indulge me in the ;
expression of an idea which I deem of some
importance. It is this: When our boys of
the First left here they wore taken from every
walk of life— lawyers, doctors, mechanics, ar- j
tisans, clerks and laborers. Many were taken
from the ■ customs, postal, railway mail and
other services of Uncle Ham of a more peace- j
ful character. They were promised that, if
they brought back their flag with honor and ,
glory thej v would be reinstated; at least such !
of them as survived, of course.
Will those promises be kept? I am not a
pessimist, but there is a trite old saying to
this effert: '.'The white man is mighty un- I
sartin and niggers will run away."
In view of this fact, would it not be well to j
place some of the money now being raised as
a reserve fund for the purpose of relieving
those who may not get back their jobs so as •
to enable them to live respectably until they ,
obtain employment? Would this not be better
than to serve the "fatted calf" all at once and
heave them to an aftermath of hunger and
dependence which will more than probably
occur In many Instances? J
Hoping this will meet with your approval, I ;
remain your obedient servant,
JAMES W. COL.L.INB.
54 Sixth street.
RELATIVES PREPARE
TO GREET THE BOYS
Big Banquet Already Assured
of Success.
The Parents' and Relatives' Association
of the First California Volunteers held
j an enthusiastic meetng last nght at Ar- j
mory Hall and made further arrange
ments for the banquet which they intend !
j giving their brave boys at the ferry build- I
ing on the morning of their arrival. C.
A Moores occupied the chair. He report
! Ed that the sums turned in by the ladies
! for the banquet amounted to $775 75. On
j motion of T. A. Farless it was decided
to set aside enough money to entertain I
on their arrival here those boys who were
unfortunate enough to be left behind.
The following additions were made to
the executive committee: Mrs. Lieuten
; ant Jordan. Company E: Mrs. Captain j
McCreagh, Company D; Mrs. J. P. Gray. |
Battery A.<'alifornia Heavy Artillery : and
Mrs. Joyner. Battery D, California Heavy j
; Artillery. The executive committee will >
I meet this afternoon at the armory at 3]
o'clock.
Chairman Moores announced that the j
committee having in charge the purchase
of badges had ordered two thousand,
: which will be sold to the relatives of the
boys for '< cents apiece. The subject of |
the distribution of badges developed quite i
a spirited discussion. Many members as- :
Berted that the ferry building was not ,
large erough to hold the crowd. It was
suggested that only one member of every i
family attend while the boys are being !
banqueted. Badges can be had by the ;
relatives by applying to the committee
representatives of each company. Mr. >
Farless. summed up the situation in a I
very few words, and judging from the ap- i
plause his remarks received the rest of
the relatives present concurred in his sen
timents on the matter.
"I have a boy down there." said Mr.
Farless, "and 1 intend to get a badge
I simply as a souvenir and let his mother
go down to the ferry building and see
him first."
A special finance committee was ap
pointed consisting of T. A. Farless and
J. P. Young. Another name will be
added to the committee to-day.
Mrs. Russell Basset t, chairman of the
di eoiation committee, reported that the
committee had secured a banner five
yards long on which was Inscribed "Wel
come to Our Heroes." The cloth was do
nated by \V. G. Sterret and the lettering
w.is done gratis by Swan. Mrs. Bassett
also stated that the committee has se
cured flags from the Emporium, Will &
Finck, Albert Son and the California Fire
works Company.
The secretary was instructed to for
ward a vote of thanks to the Harbor
Commissioners and the Letter Carriers'
Hand, who have kindly volunteered to
furnish music with fifty pieces gratis.
Harry I. Fischer, secretary of the
Native Sons' committee-, was present and
made brief remarks concerning general
matters pertaining to the reception. The
association will meet again next Friday
night.
♦-
Volunteer Medal Fund,
Thf fnllowlnp additional subscriptions to
the fund for medals for returning Califor
nia volunteers have been received:
Martin Frasrley. %',: James de Succe, $1; A. J.
Donovan, $2 50; William Wilkinson. $1; Leon
arl s. Leavy, $1; Louis .1. Coffey, $1; J. H.
Cartland, $1 ; J. L. Bevans, $1 ; F. B. Duffield,
$1; S. J. Campbell, $1; C. S. Raines, $1; T. T.
Hurnett. $1; David M. Short, $1; John F. Caul
ftrld. $!; E. F. Smith, $1; W. E. Sweet. $1;
George Ryan. $1; Charles A. Kins, $1; J. F.
McCarthy, $1- William 11. Thomas, il; Joseph
H. Fraglpy, $1: John Caney, $1; George H. Wil
liams, $1; from Auditor's employes, fVi; Eden
E>arlor So. 13, $10; Marysville Parlor No. 6,
i'S ■ ; i-iyron Parlor No. 170, $9: Constance Davis,
|2 60; Lv Spencer Davis, $2 50; collected by
committee of Native Sons, Saosalfto: Commit
tee—G. H. Kilborn, G. Ryan, F. Fiedler and
J. J. Pryor, . y >a Point Parlor No. 15S, N. S.
G. W., $10: citizens of Sausalito, $44.
The San Francisco Police Department
has responded to the call for the medal
fund with cheerfulness. The men at
tached to tin- Seventeenth-street station
were the first to turn in a complete li.- ; t of
subscriptions voluntarily given by the d< -
partment. Sergeant Christopher '■".
Blank, who has charge of the station ir.
the absence of Captain Jam- s W. Gillln.
sent to headquarters last night $207 10 us
the offerings of the eighty men stationed
at the Mission district. The total sub
scribed by the entire department amounts
to $2000.
Red Men and Chosen Friends
The proposition for the Improved Order
of Red Men to take part in the Native
Sons' and Daughters' parade was dis
cussed in the Great Council yesterday and
it was the unanimous sense of the repre
sentatives that the order should welcome
the brave Californians. That this may
be done a dispensation permitting the
tribes to parade was adopted.
Golden Gate Council of the Order of
Chosen Friends took the initiative last
night by appointing a committee of three
to request a like committee from each
of the other local councils to meet with
it next Friday to determine what shall
be done toward, the reception.
High Chief Ranger Boehm has called
a meeting of representatives of the
Ancient Order of Foresters for next Tues
day night to arrange fur the parade. It
is expected that this organization will
turn out more than a thousand members.
BRINGS FILIPINO ACTORS.
Leelanaw Arrives From Manila and
the Hongkong Maru From
Asiatic Ports.
The United States army transport
Leelanaw, Captain Storrs, arrived in port
at 10 o'clock last night, thirty-one days
from Manila and twenty-two days from
Nagasaki,' with sixty-nine cabin passen
gers, Including a troup of Filipino actors
and a discharged soldier from the Twen
tieth Regiment. Captain Storrs reports
an uneventful voyage and no sickness en
route.
The Hongkong Marti came in a few
minutes after the Leelanaw. She left
Hongkong twenty-eight days ago and
Yokohama eleven days later. The run
up from Honolulu was made in six days.
She brings nineteen cabin passengers and
thirty-three Japanese, but no Chinese.
Captain Filmers Bays all on board are in
good health and the voyage was without
any special event.
Town Talk.
The true inwardness of the Page. Mc-
Cutcheon &. Eells dissolution of partner
ship is Riven by The Saunterer in Town
Talk this week and there is considerable
other exclusive news. Town Talk is
nothing if not newsy. T-ouis A. Robert
son's poem "Evolution," the latest re
vised version, is given in its magnificent
entirety. A story of a woman who "see
ing knew not why," the tale of a degen
erate of the latest pattern, la flanked by
•'Two Silhouettes" by Irene Connell. In
the World of Law the Court Reporter
tells in verse how Garret Mcßnerney
rode a wheel at Del Monte. Alfred Metz
ger's musical chat is entertaining and
the dramatic and literary pages are in
teresting. Hakersfield. San I>iego, Santa
Cruz. Blue Lakes and Benlcia corre
spondence enlivens the Saunterer pages.
Town Talk deserves its reputation as be
ing the newsiest and brightest of the
weeklies. *
Private Detectives Arrested.
W. M. Cole, who claims to be a private
detective, was arrested last night by
Police Officer Nelson and charged with
carrying a concealed weapon. Last
Thursday night, it is claimed. < '<>le visited
th. Baltimore House at . r io 2 Bush street
and after exhibiting his star claimed he
was looking for a woman who had re
cently arrived from Los Angeles. He re
turned to the house last night and the
landlady, becoming suspicious of him.
summoned Policeman Nelson. Finding a
revolver in Cole's pocket. Nelson arrested
him and charged him with carrying a con
cealed weapon.
Return of the Troops Well Illustrated.
The arrival of the United States trans
port Hancock has enabled the Wasp in
this week's issue to present to its read
ers some good illustrations of the return
of the Nebraska and I'tah troops from
the seat of war. A series of half-tone
engravings represent the disembarkation,
the officers on the Hancock, the march
to the Presidio, the sick and wounded in
the ambulances and the large transport
in the bay. Its literary features this week
include spicy musical and theatrical crit
icisms, timely editorial comments, and
the doings of the business world during
the week in its financial columns. The
Wasp this week is certainly up to its
usual high standard. •
An Important Conference.
A committee consisting of Messrs. Wolf
& Davis held a lengthy conference yester
day with the Brewers' Protective Asso
ciation relative to the cigar industry.
The Brewers' Association promised to co
operate with the Cigarmakors' Union in
an attempt to increase the local cigar
manufacturing industry, which is now
suffering from Eastern competition.
Be Sure
To get the magnificent full-page half
tone in tint of the "Approaching Storm,
San Francisco Bay," free with to-day's
News Letter. •
Hales. , I __™!l BU_8 U_
selling* The new English + J
V^fl-»l I 1 ■IV' Bandana Ties I
P CIIIII O in by express. 3
' ike -^ C
*\ f\ f PQ IZACJ wash waists had the X
.lUt WC&XV^O call at Hale's yester- ., /
day — lots of rcom to show them and lots of sales- I
people, so we enjoyed the throng as much as they J
enjoyed the opportunity to buy. C
Novelty print wash waists, latest in cut and finish; some with S
insertion fronts, others plaited fronts and stiff fronts; come in V
checks stripes, small plaids and diagonal effects; linen collars V
and cuffs; all sizes. Were sold for $1 and $125. Selling like hot f>
cakes at • '•"•• '"'' oiK * I
Fine percale, lawn and dimity wash waists; a bewildering as- V
sortment of styles and colors, in fancy stripes, plain effects, 1
trimmed with pretty edging, and fancy fronts: part with white f
and part with self-color collars and cuffs; all sizes. Usual price >
$150 and $175. Selling like-hot cakes at «*>«!
Elaborately fancy novelties in wash waists in chambry, lawns. *
silk and cotton effects, plaids, stripes, fancy checks, diagonal v^
stripe crepons; nothing superior in variety or style has been shown j
this season; sizes 32 to 38. Were $3 50, 53, $2 75, $2 50 and $2. Sell- £
ing like hot cakes at .>1 ol>
On Sale To-Day and Until Sold:
Hosiery Hints. Millinery Matters. J
Lots of good things In foot- : "Pretty"— a tame word to ap- }
wear. Here are two items in the ; p i y o anything here, where any- \
front rank: | thing that wasn't pretty couldn't I
Ladies' seamless fast black I stay So a plain description: 2
cotton hose, elastic, medium ; children's school hats, fancy C
weight and good. A pair lOc j straws, trimmed with chiffon.
Children's extra heavy seam- r D bon and flowers. ..sl— .51 2."> f
less fine ribbed black cotton hose. white leghorns, trimmed with \
double knees, heels and toes; ! roses sOc J
sizes 6 to 15; an iron-frame ' straw sailors for misses' [
stocking. A pair loc we ar 2."» c to $1
Cloak Clean-Ups. Dnmesfic DnincW r
Some of the end-of-season UOITieSCIC UOingS. f
goods: ou can always pick up such \.
39 of the popular Kimonos good items as these. If we don't 2
dressing sacque, easy to sfip on, j mention them, ask for them |
neat as can be; come in blue and | yourself:
white, pink and white, lavender i 100 dozen large size bleached J
and white. Sold regularly at ! napkins, all linen, 22x22 inches, f
$150. To clean them up....f)Be fast selvage both sides, extra ■
23 children's jackets, age 4to heavy JjSl 5O a dozen \
6 years; red, green and blue, i 600 bleached double bed sheets, V
trimmed' with braid. Sold for $4 50 good quality muslin, 2-inch hem. f
regularly. To clean up... 53 5O Good value for 50c X
/Ml .^^Gfkfln QOOP^t^ f
937-947 Market Street. f
TRIED TO PASS
BUT STOPPED
By A BAYONET
William Holmesinthe
Hospital.
WOUNDED IN THE ABDOMEN
ARRANGEMENTS FOR FUNERAL
OF COLONEL HAWKINS.
Chaplain Hunter of the Tenth
Pennsylvania Regiment Will
Accompany the Body
East.
William Holmes of Company F of the
casual detachment at the Presidio was
stabbed with a bayonet by J. Farrei. a
sentry on duty at the recruit camp.
Thursday night. Holmes is now in the
general hospital at the Presidio. The sur
geons will not say how serious the wound
is, but its location, in the abdomen, makes
it a dangerous one.
The sentry who did the stabbing is con
fined in the stockade at the recruit camp.
The officer of the day at that place
who is responsible for all prisoners did
not know the man had been arrested; he
did not know the name of the sentry, nor
did he know the name of the man wound
ed: and as to the assault he knew only
that such a thing he had heard had hap
pened. It had not been reported to the
adjutant of the casual detachment. Cap
tain Hardin, for be said he knew nothing
about the matter at all. He did not know
where it had happened nor did he know
who could tell anything about it. The
only thing certain about the whole case
is that the wounded man is at the gen
eral hospital and he may die.
Holmes says the whole thing was an ac
cident. He ia a cook, and with another
COOk lip was going down toward the com
pany kitchens when he was halted by a
sentry. He says he told the sentry he was
a cook and thought it would be all right,
but the sentry still refused to let him
pass. Then, be says, he tried to pass any
way and the sentry thrust his bayonet
at him and it entered his abdomen just
under the stomach.
The other side of the story is that the
two cooks were going down toward the
kitchens when thi> sentry stopped 'them.
They insisted on passing and he arrested
them. They were, released soon after and
then went down to the sentry's beat,
w ere they lay for him .to thrash him.
He saw tnem as they jumped at him and
thrust his rifle at them, wounding
Hollies.
Fra ik Drivall, Company F. First Col
orado Volunteers: Chris Raus, Company
H. First Wyoming Volunteers, and Wil
liam K. Bartlett, Company F, First South
Dakota Volunteers, three men who died
on the Relief during her passage to this
port, were buried with military honors
at the Presidio yesterday.
The funeral of the late Colonel Alexan
der Hawkins of the Tenth Pennsylvania
Regiment will be held this afternoon at
3 o'clock at the Masonic Temple on Post
street. E. F. Delger, worthy master of
Occidental Lodge, under whose auspices
they will be held, will conduct the ser
vices.
General Shaft er has ordered Batteries I.
N and O of the Third Artillery to parade
as an escort, under command of Colonel
J. B. Rawles of the Third Artillery. The
regular troops Xvlll precede the caisson
bearing the body and the Tenth Penn
sylvania will follow. The march will he
down Market street to the ferry, the pa
rade starting at 4 o'clock from the temple.
'I'lv body will go East in charge of Chap
lain J. A. Hunter, the chaplain of the
Tenth Pennsylvania Regiment. He will
return to duty with his regiment as soon
as he has seen the body in charge of
Colonel Hawkins' relatives.
The Oregon. Nebraska and Utah men
have been invited to parade, but it is not
likely they will appear.
The following officers have been as
signed to -duty at the general hospital:
Captain Eugene L. Swift, assistant sur
geon; Acting Assistant Surgeon George
11. Calkins, Acting Assistant Surgeon J.
•G. Marron and Acting Assistant Surgeon
L. R. Tetamore.
Second Lieutenant Henry M. Merriam.
Third Artillery, has been assigned to duty
with Battery A of that regiment, now
stationed at Angel Island.
Acting Assistant Surgeon Carl H. An
dersen has been assigned to duty with
Lieutenant Colonel Jocelyn, the muster
ing out officer of the volunteers, in con
nection with the medical examination of
officers and enlisted men of the volun
teers. .
Captain Sedgwick Pratt. Third Artillery,
commanding officer of Fort Mason, has
been assigned to the charge of the office
of ordnance inspector of this department.
This evening Company L. First Nebras
ka, will be entertained at the Colonial
Hotel by Cadet Taylor, who will receive
the men on behalf of the associate mem
bers of the Thurston Rifles. Company L
was the Thurston Rifles before it joined
the First Regiment. It was the champion
drill company of the United States, and
holds the Galveston cup. which it won at
Memphis, Term., to prove its claim to the
title of champion. The entertainment will
take the form of a banquet.
GUESTS OF THEORPHEUM.
• Major Berrier's battalion of the Tenth
Pennsylvania Regiment attended the Or
pheum last night on the invitation of the
management. There were over four hun
dred of the men and they were all given
good seats and plenty to drink and smoke.
Waiters took their orders at every inter
mission, and in every way they were
made to feel as if they were at home.
There was a good deal of enthusiasm of
the martial kind and the various military
favorites were cheered. The Orpheum
and San Francisco came in for their share
of applause, but as usual Otis' name met
only derision.
Jacob Rosenberg's Will.
The will of Jacob Rosenberg, who died
July 30, was filed for probate yesterday:
The estate of the deceased la valued at
about $SO.OOO. Decedent first bequeaths
his widow. Mary Rosenberg, his house
hold effects and $1000. He requests that
his widow and his sons, Robert G. . Leon
and Roscoe. continue his commission
business. The residue of the estate is de
vised in equal shares to the widow and
three sons of the testator.
Furniture, pianos and frelgrht moved. Sig
nal Transfer Co., 530 Jnnes; tel. Sutler 441.
New Incorporations.
The California Land and CommiFsinn
Company incorporated yesterday with a
capital stock of $100,000. The directors are
J. L. Scotchler. C. S. Merrill. W. W.
Kaye. O. G. Dornin and H. F. Whirlow.
J. M. Fischheck, M. J. Lee. J. E. Fo
gathy, W. H. Lee and E. S. Isaacs have
incorporated the Imperial Mine Company
with a capital stock of $25,000, of which
$25 has been subscribed.
OUR SATURDAY'S SPECIALS!
EXTRA <£."£, BUTTER ■32 V c
• Take advantage of this sale
Come early. Regular 40c squares.
EASTERN SS BAMS I----- I3c
Market advancing. Regular 144 c
OBIRARDELLrSc^;-Mbcan2sc
Regular 30c.
LEA & PERRIES SAUCE -- 20c
This ts the genuine Worcestershire.
Imported. Regular 25c.
EXTRA Choice Ranch EGG?, 20c
Our last sale made us many friends.
Regular 25c dozen.
MACARONI VERMICELLI, Box 20c
Spaghetti, white and yellow. Regular 25c.
CHOICE FAMILY FLOUR ■ • - 8?c
Regular SOc.
PURE LUCCA Oil ------ 60c
Genuine Imported Crosse & Blackwell, Lon-
don, England. Regular 70c.
1348-1354 Market Street.
j Opp 7th. 'Phone S. 292. No Branch Stores.*
TURKISH ~
a^<L RUGS
AT
ABSOLUTE AUCTION,
TURKISH RUG CO.'S ART ROOMS,
125 GEARY ST.,
Commencing
THIS DAY, Saturday, August 5,
at 2:30 P. M., Sop one week.
(CTConnoisseurs and Home and Office Fur-
nishers are invited to this Important Sale.
A. W. LOUDERBACK, Auctioneer.