VOLUME LXXXTI-XO. 111.
SHERIFF FARLEY OF
MONTEREY KILLED
BY A PRISONER
Militiamen Turn Out and Citizens
Threaten to Lynch the
Assassin.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALINAS. Sept. 18. — Sheriff Farley was shot and almost instantly
killed to-night while attempting to arrest Charles Ceaser. The
■whole county was aroused and thousands of people thronged the streets.
Cens?*- was captured at a late hour, and the officers were obliged to
take him to the hiils to avoid the infuriated mob. who threatened to
lynch him.
Ceasar ran amuck to-day and this
evening broke In the door of the resi
dence of J. Delaney at the corner of
I-ake and San Luis streets, hit Mr. De
laney on the head with an iron cudeel.
escaped the ire of Delaney's ?nn after
firing three shots at him. burned the
Delaney stables and haystack, met Con
stable Allen, took two ineffective shots
at him, and then tackled Sheriff Farlev
and shot him in the forehead.
Sheriff Farley died about thirty min
utes after he was shot without retrain
ing' consciousness. Every available sad
dle horse and buggy in this city was
confiscated by the riff's office, and
armed men patrolled every possible
avenue of escape, >while couriers were
sent to every small hamlet for miles
around to notify officers to take Ceasar.
dead or alive.
Troop C, National Guard of Califor
nia, eighty strong, assembled and was
ready for the man hunt. In the angry
mob of citizens several ropes were dis
played. The one cry was, "String him
up."
Several days ago J. Delaney missed
a set of harness. Suspicion was direct
ed lo young Ceasar. The officers were
advised of the matter and Ceasar was
arrested, but afterward released on his
-
This afternoon he went up to De
lancy's house and asked for Mr. De
laney, whom he cursed violently. De
laney ejected him from the house,
whereupon Ceasar exclaimed that he
would kill him and his whole family
and burn hi? home and all he had. The
threat was thought to be harmless, and
no precaution was taken.
This evening Ceasar returned, called
Delaney to the door and struck him in
the face with an iron cudgel. D»laney's j
boy came to his parent's assistance. :
whereup Ceasar fired three shots into J
the window, slightly wounding young |
Delaney. He then escaped, but not ur.- :
t<l he had set 'ire to r) --. «nh] f .R
The officers ere apprised of Ceasar's
guilt and started in search of him. j
SECOND WARSHIP
WILL PROBABLY BE
SENT TO VENEZUELA
So Serious Has the Revolution Become That the Appre
hension Is Shared by All Diplomats at Caracas,
and the American Minister Will
Hurry to His Post.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CARACAS. Sept. 18. — The United States cruiser Detroit
arrived to-day. Government forces have reoccupied
Puerto Cabello. Troops are being mobilized at Vic
toria under General Luciano Meridoza. Puerto Cabello is a sea
port and was reported taken by the insurgent general. Cipriano
Castro, on Saturday. On Sunday he was reported as having
reached Maracai, which lies between Puerto Cabello and Vic
toria.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 18.— While a serious condition
of affairs exists in Venezuela the authorities say that American
interests are not in danger to such an extent as to justify a naval
demonstration being made in Venezuelan waters. Only a re
quest for another warship made by Commander Tlemphill, com
manding the Detroit, will cause the issuance of an order to the
gunboat Nashville to proceed to Puerto Cabello. Commander
Hemphill, who reached La Guayra to-night, will make an inves
tigation of the situation and wire the result to Washington.
Advices from Mr. Russell, American Charge d' Affaires,
are not conclusive, but they show that his apprehension is
shared by other diplomats in Caracas, and he has confirmed The
Call's dispatch that the Ministers of Great Britain and Germany
have wired their Governments for warships. The information
of the State Department is to the effect that the insurgents have
occupied Valencia and Puerto Cabello and are now moving
along the railroad connectin Valencia with Caracas. Xo sur
prise would be experienced if another battle should occur at
Victoria.
Francis B. Loomis. American Minister to Venezuela, was at
the State Department to-day in consultation with officials. Mr.
Loomis considers the situation sufficiently grave to require his
departure at once for his post, and he left Washington this af
ternoon for Xew York, where he will take the first steamer for
La Guayra.
Official information shows that the revolution owes its suc
cess to a combination of the forces of Generals Castro and Her
nandez. Castro's army was badly beaten some weeks ago, and
it was believed that it could not reorganize. About the same
time the Government arrested Hernandez and some of his
friends in Caracas. It is presumed that the followers of Her
nandez immediately joined Castro and that the insurrectionary
movement thus attained sufficient force to succeed, as it has
done.
The San Francisco Call.
H<=> was ir>und at his home by < onstable
Charles Allen, who told him he wnuld
have to take him in charge. Ceasar
i that no officer rnuld take him
alive and drew his pistol. The officer
I his. too, and both men fired.
Neither shot took effect. Ceasar fled
*nd Allen apain fired at him.
Sheriff Farley had just returned from
he South and hearing fireballs, started
to the scene of the conflagration. A
few minutes later he heard shots in
he vicinity of Ceasar's home and hur
led in the direction. He met Ceasar.
vh" was greatly agitated, and stopped
lim. constable Allen then came up
md told >>f the trouble and Farley ln
i Ceasar. whom he had always
friendly with, that he would have
me with him. Ceasar made no an
tely shot the officer
n the h^ad and t l I toward
'hinatown.
Fnrley was 27 years of ac rt and one
->f the best and most fearless officers
:he county has ever had. He was a
prominent Native Son and one of the
popular men in the county. He
,\as not married.
Ber was captured by Marsha] Nes
)itt and Deputy Sheriff Keef at about
nidnight in his parents' house. He
>-as secreted In the cellar between the
loor and foundation and when found
vas in a -very weak erudition from ex
•esslve loss of blood. H-- had tried to
ut his throat and afterward shot him
elf, but only caused a flesh wound. He
red also from a gunshot wound in
he left side, caused by I from
nsta • Allen's pistol.
Wh- Bn tie would not
• ■me out and th< ' : s tli ight he
lead, i I n< e< ssary to
vi the building away In one place to
lllow him to be taken oui npact
ias he in his hiding pla ■ -asar
1 the officers to kill him. When
xtracted ho was put In a hugsv be-
Continued on Second Page
SAX FRANCISCO. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1899.
BOERS MASSING ARTILLERY
IN COMMANDING POSITIONS
While the Transvaal Is Preparing for a Clash With Great
Britain, the Orange Free State Is Anxious to Secure
American Intervention.
Types of Uniforms of the Royal Scots Guards.
This famous organization of fighters will soon be sent to join the force that Great Britain is massing in South
Africa in anticipation of hostilities with the Boers.
LONDON, Sept. 19.— The special
dispatches from South Africa con
: >-• .-•
--— terday that th^ Boers ar» massing .
artillery in positions commanding '
Laings Nek. Small Rupr detachn
occupy positions above Buffalo River.
The members • f th>> Afrikander Bond
in Cape Town intend to convene the
Bund in i i-iißress- to consider the situa
tion.
LONDON. Sept. 19.- Th<- Tape Town |
correspondent of the Daily Mail says:
1 The I'nit^il States Consul in Cape Town ,
has gone to Hlomfoentein at the re
quest of the Government of the Orange
Free State to confer regarding the
crisis. The Orange Free State execu
tive is anxious to secure American In
tervention. Boer spies invest all the
border towns. Two troops will be dis
patched to Kimherly within a week.
Five hundred started to-night and
others will go forward to-morrow. The
Daily <'hroni<~-le points out this morning j
| that the Orange Free State would prob
! ably better serve the Transvaal by re
maining neutral than by active assist
ance, because the easiest route for
marching tr<>ops to Johannesburg and ■
I irla lies between the Orange River j
and Vaal.
The Cape Town correspondent of the j
Daily Chronicle says: "It is reported J
here that Conynghym Greene, British
diplomatic agent at Pretoria, fears that
an attempt will be made to dynamite
the British agency."
Mr. Chamberlain came to London
from Birmingham this afternoon and
spent the evening at the Colonial Office.
While there he received a dispatch from
Lord Salisbury, who Is at Hatfield
House, and sent a special messenger.
There has been a lively Interchange of
dispatches between the Foreign, War
and Colonial offices, but no summons
has yet been issued for a Cabinet coun
cil.
Long dispatches were sent this even
ing to the Viceroy of India, Lord Cur
zon, and the British High Commission
er in South Africa, Sir Alfred Milner.
General Sir Qarnet Wolseley. mar
shal and commander-in-chlef. returned
to London yesterday and immediately
repaired to the War Office, where he re
mained busily employed the greater
part of the day.
ONE MEXICAN COWBOY,
DESERTED BY COMPANIONS
FIGHTS A BAND OF YAQUIS
FINALLY SLJILN Md HIS BODY JKIDTILJITBD
MAZATLAX, Mexico, Sept. 18. — Twenty-five Mexican cowboys were attacked in Sonora
by mounted Yaquis, who opened fire upon them and drove the horses and cattle guarded
by the Mexicans away. Seeing themselves outnumbered, the Mexicans put spurs to their
horses and ran away, but one vaquero, a young man of indomitable courage, remained and
fought the whole body of the Yaquis, killing many of them, but he was finally shot, and it is said
his corpse was shockingly mutilated.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Thf> Prince of "Wal^s in presenting
r,*-\\ colors to the Gordon Highlanders
at Brackley, Scotland, to-day referred
to the capture of Dargrai Heights In the
! northern part of Afghanistan by these
troops as a memorable and splendid
levement. Then, amid great en
thusiasm, ih>> Prince said: "I trust it
i will be your part to carry these colors
to victory."
The Duke of York and the Duke of
j Connaught were also present.
BERLIN, Sept. 18.— The Associated
•Press learns authoritatively that the
German Government has emphatically
Informed President Kruger to expect no
assistance in the event of war with
Great Britain, and that the German
Consuls in th" Transvaal have been in
structed to inform Germans who volun
teer their help that they will be aiding
President Kruger at their own risk.
PRETORIA, Sept. 18.— The Transvaal
State Secretary, F. W. KHtz. in the
', course of an interview to-day, declared
i that the Government, the Volksraad
and the people were unanimous regard
ing the attitude which the Transvaal
ihas assumed, and that there was no
foundation whatever for the reports of
differences.
Mr. Kr-itz asserted that the Trans
vaal'a decision was arrived at in con
junction with the Orange Free State.
The Volksraad to-day readoDted the
| mining article on the gold law elimin
i ated last year, empowering the Govern
ment to confiscate the claims and mines
belonging to people convicted of trea
son or conspiracy against the State.'
and empowering the Government to
order that the mines he worked, and if
their instruction is disregarded to work
them through their own agents. The re
adopted article comes Into force im
mediately.
OOM PAUL MAY BE
THE FIRST TO STRIKE
NEW YORK. Sept. 18.— A World ca
ble from London says: Transvaal's
firm refusal of Great Britain's latest
demands has undoubtedly provoked
both anxiety and surprise among the
jingoes here. Their absolute conviction
had been that President Kruger would,
however unwillingly, accept Secretary
Chamberlain's veiled ultimatum, or
would at any rate send some temporiz
ing reply, enabling England to com
hT preparations to crush the
South Africa n re public.
Bui President Kruger's dispatch pro.
mattera most awkwardly, and
now it is feared he will take advantage
of til-- unprotected state of th^ Natal
;im! Bechuanaland frontiers t" strike a
blow ;:t British prestige in South Africa.
Instead <>; quietly awaiting annihilation
at the hands of an overwhelming Brit
ish force.
War is now deemed unavoidable, al
though it is an open secret th;it Lord
Salisbury has beeo all along a restrain
ing int'uence on Joseph I'hamberlain
and is anxious to avoid hostilities if it
is possible; but tho British Cabinet
cannot now recede from the position to
which Chamberlain committed the
Ministry in his latest dispatch, and he
is declared to have made the refusal
r . f all outside arbitration an essential
condition of his continuance in office.
In fa<-t tho idea of arbitration has been
entirely ignored by the British news
paper props, and the peaco party is now
obviously paralyzed by tho tone and
temper of President Kruger's response
n. the latest British note.
OLIVE SCHREINER'S
PLEA FOR THE BOERS
LONDON. Sept 18. — CHive Sehreiner
(Mrs. Cronwright) contributes an elo
quent cable letter on the situation to
the Manchester Guardian. She says:
"Let England clearly understand
what war in South Africa means. The
largest empire the world has ever seen
will hurl its full force against a small
state and about 30.000 men, including
lads of sixteen and old men of sixty,
without a standing army or organized
commissariat. The entire little people
will have to resoive itself into an army
of their wives and daughters, who will
prepare the bread and meat the farmers
will put in their saddle-bags when they
go to meet the enemy. To-day the wo
men of the Transvaal are demanding
guns that they may take their part in
the last stand. We may crush the little
people with the aid of Australians and
Canadians, since the British Isles seem
unable to crush them alone. We may
take their land and lower the little flag
of his independence, so dear to the
Boer, but we shall have placed a stain
upon our own that centuries will not
wash out. Only the international spec
ulator who, through persistent misrep
resentations and by means of the press,
has wrought this evil, will gain and fill
his already overloaded pockets with
South African gold."
FRENCH SENATORS
CONVENE AS A HIGH
COURT OF JUSTICE
Scenes at the Beginning of the Trial of Deroulede,
Guerin and Other Politicians Charged Wiih Con
spiring to Overthrow the Republic.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS. Sept. IS.— The Senate met [
as a High Court of Justice to- |
day at 2 p. m. for the purpose of
trying twenty-two politicians, in- ;
eluding MM. de Monicourt. De- ■
roulede, Marcel-Habf-rt.Th. baud. Baron
de Vaux and Jules Guerin, on the
charge of conspiring against the Gov
ernment. The public and press gal
lerles were crowded by 1:45 p. m.. and
the Senators* places were filled a few
minutes before 2 o'clock. Then the roll
of a drum was heard in the distance.
announcing that President Fallieres.
accompanied by the Senate officers, was
approaching. A few moments later a
door on the right of the chamber was
thrown open and the chief ush^r an
nounced the president. M. Fallieres
entered, and bowing to th^ two officers
wh'~\ with naked sword in hand, had
escort-- d him through th<-- corridors of
the palace to th^ chamber, proceeded
to the platform and took his seat b* -
hind the table on the center of the
platform.
X<~.ne of the accused were present nor
In the palace to-day, but nine cells have
been fitted up fnr them in the library.
The cells are comfortably furnished. I
M, BERNARD, PROCURATEUR-GENERAL OF FRANCE,
He Is conducting the prosecution of twenty-two politicians who are now
on trial on a charge of conspiring to overthrow the Government.
The floor is covered with linoleum and
the walls are hung with greenish cloth.
- The furniture consists of an iron bed
stead, an easy chair, a marble-topped
toiiet table, a cuspidor and a ru?. Thus
| the prisoners will have little to com
j plain. of, and may congratulate them
l selves that times have changed since
i the Girondists were confined in the pal
! ace of the Senate by Robespierre dur
-1 ing the reign of terror and languished
I in its dungeons, and since Marshal Nev
j was immured in an unventilated cell
until led forth to be shot in the gardens.
There were people who, while loung
ing in the corridors just after the Sen
ators were supposed to have entered
behind closed doors, though in reality
they were taking the air outside for a
few minutes, remarked that conspira
cies to overthrow the existing regime
were apparently regarded as a much
less serious matter nowadays than in
times past.
The most rigorous precautions were
taken for the safety of the Senate
building this afternoon. It was cor
doned by police, who were stationed
I every few yards, while every gate lead
ing to the Luxembourg Palace was
guarded by a detachment of municipal
guards. Nobody was allowed to enter
the courtyard or even remain in the
precincts of the palace without a card of
entry. Consequently a small crowd wit
nessed the arrival of the Senators, who
alighted from the carriages and entered
the palace without demonstration
of any sort except the raising of hats
by a few of the spectators. The ticket
holders, after crossing the main court
yard, had to traverse the dark entrance
hall, passing between a double row of
j stacked rifles, behind which, barely dis
tinguishable in the gloom, were silent
figures— a strong detachment of the
municipal guards in their blue uniforms
decorated with red cord. The ushers
on the staircases repeatedly examined
their tickets.
President Fallieres opened the pro
ceedings amid general silence by read
ing the decree of the President of the
republic constituting the Senate, on the
report of the Minister of Justice, into
a high court to try the charge against
the accused of making an attempt on
the security of the state.
PRICE FIV r E CENTS.
M. Fallieres then declared the Senate
constituted as a high court, and the.
clerk of the court called the roll of Sen
ators, who answered with the word
"present."
There was momentary excitement
when President Fallieres concluded
reading the President's decree. A
Rightist Senator, M. Lamarzelle. began
to speak, and M. Fallieres said sharply.
'"I cannot hear you," and the Leftists
insisted, and M. Fallieres again said:
"I cannot hear you," and the Lefists
shouted "Order! Order!"
A Rightist Senator, Provost de Lau
nay, thereupon cried, pointing to the
Leftists. "There axe our judges!"
At this the!* 1 was a general shout of
"Oh!" and "Silence!" from the Leftists
and the galleries, the public and mem
bers of the pres.-i. the latter being
throughout the pn edings more audi
ble than the Senators themselves. M.
Fallieres, however, with a rapping of
his mallet, quickly restored order.
The leading absentees, when the mii
was called. were MM. Conatans.
Scheurer-Kestner and Mercier.
Then the door through which M. Fal
lieres entered was again opened wide
j and three tall figures, in loner scarlet
robes, appeared on the threshold and
with stat-ly mien marched into the hall
and, ascending the steps of the plat
: form, took up their places on the right
j hand of the president.
The first was M. P.^rnard. the
| Procurateur-General. who was a hand
! some figure in his scarlet robe
| trimmed with a broad strip of er
! mine. The two substitutes with
I him wore scarlet gowns trimmed
; with black and having no ermine. M.
i Bernard immediately began to read the
indictment in a monotonous voice.
The indictment commenced by recit
j ing the facts of the arrest of MM. De
| roulede and Marcel-Habert. and said
the inquiry had shown the existence of
a conspiracy to change the form of
government, to which the disorders of
last February, it was added, were due.
! and in which MM. Deroulede. Marcel
j Habert and some members of the
■ League of Patriots, M. Guerin and
some members of the Anti-Semite
League, M. Duboc and some members
of the Society of Anti-Semitic Youth.
MM. Buffet, Godefrey and Chevilly and
j members of the Royalist party, were
inculpated. All the societies mentioned
i since 1898, it was pointed out. had aban
doned electoral action for revolutionary
action, and the League of Patriots
openly pursued the object of over
throwing the constitutional govern
ment, MM. Deroulede and Marcel-Ha
bert seeking to attain their ends by the
union of rioters and troops in the
streets. The Anti-Semitic League, it
was also claimed, has joined the insur
rectional organization, wherewith are
associated the Nationalists. Royalists
and Imperialists League and the Anti-
Semitic Youth.
M. Duboe, it was further charged, is
the link between the anti-Semite and
patriotic leagues.
The indictment then gave a few par
ticulars of the provisional organization.
Referring to the Royalist League it
said it was worthy of attention because,
though the idea of a monarchic restora
tion appeared inconceivable, it had
played a preponderant role in the re
cent events, its leader being the Duke
of Orleans himself and its managers
his accredited representatives. All tha2
ORLEANS GAID TO
BE WITH GUERIN
Royalist Pretender Reported to
Be Shut Up in port
Chabrol.
m PARIS, Sept. is.— S.-vora! papers to-day revived the rumor that the g
5 Puke of Orleans is shut up with M Guerin in Fort Chabrol, the head- .%
i* quarters of the Anti-Semite League which has been besieged since An- £
6 gust 12. Nn definite 3tatemenl was made to this effect, and the papers '\
merely hinted that it might be true, basing their Idea on the statement ,;_•
*• that the Duke of Orleans has not been heard ?v,>r,\ for mere than a •*
-. ;:th. The same rumoi >>n a previous occasion was utterly discredited. '\
£ Since then s.vera: persons have entered Fort Chabrol ami have not Been «>
»? the Duke. As a matt.-v o f fact the 1 uike of Orleans has been heard of •"
several tines. T Luynes, "lie of his intimate friends, said on S'
5 August 30 that the Duke of Orleans was in Austria. The silence of the q
royalist at this stage is not surprising, and is not taken to be .'
'■;. nj ground for supposing him to be with Guerin. <|
league, it *vas assprtou, '8K to cnange
the form <■.;■ government by street
risings.
A letter from the Duke of Orleans to
hfs representative, M. Buffet, written
from Marienbad in July, 1896, instruct
ing him to commence a royalist organi
sation, was read and then other secret
Instructions, In which it was stipulated
that the sum to be spent was not to
exceed 300,000 francs.
The mention of this figure evoked
laughter from the Senators and others
present.
"Throe hundred thousand francs
would be cheap," was the remark heard
from the press gallery.
M. Fallieres tapped for silence and i
M. Bernard continued to review the |
royalist agitation at the end, of 1898, i
showing that M. Buffet, October 24 and j
October 26. telegraphed in code to the ;
Duke of Orleans, who was then in Bo- !
hernia, to come to the frontier, October
25 being the date of the anti-Semitic j
and Royalist disturbance on the Place j
de Concorde. On December 12 there
was further disorder, a mob marching
on the Cherche Midi prison crying
"Vive le Due d'Orleans!" The police
stopped the mob but M. Chevilly wired
to the Duke of Orleans: "Success
a'estime; 2000 demonstrators; police
stopped them, but will recommence."
This royalist outing, it appears. j
aroused the jealousy of the other par
ties and M. Buffet wired to the Duke
of Orleans that he feared the Bonapart- i
ists were also contemplating action.
The indictment proceeded with a re
capitulation of the Royalist maneuvers,
and declared the Royalists led and paid
a mob to insult President Louhet on
the day of his election.
Letters seized at the residence of M.
Ohevilly showed that the funds were
becoming exhausted by February. 1899,
and promises of money, mostly for
ladies, was found in the correspond
ence.
The culminary event of the Royalist
conspiracy was reached February 23, ;
when M. Deroulede made his notorious
attempt on the Place de la Nation to
Induce a brigade of infantry to march
on the Elysee Palace. Everything, it
seems, was prepared to carry out the !
Royalist plan that day, but M. Derou
lede's failure spoiled all. and the Duke
of Orleans, who was awaiting at Brus
sels the signal to come to Paris, re
ceived instead a telegram from M.
Buffet, saying: "Useless to come. Send
you further news to-morrow."
The Duke of Orleans then wanted to
go farther away, and the fact that the
Royalists wished to carry out their con
spiracy if possible was shown in a tele
gram which M. Buffet sent him. bee
ging him to remain, "as the Govern
ment did not know what to do with M.
Deroulede."
Continuing, the indictment then ex
plained the conspiracy was not aban
boned with the failure of February 23,
but that the machinations continued in
secret, and public meetings were con
tinually held. MM. Deroulede and
Marcel-Habert in July at St. Cloud and
in the Theater de la Republique. Paris,
outlined the plans still existing for the
overthrow of the parliamentary regime
by a mob uprising, aided by several
chiefs of the army and troops on whom
they could count.
The indictment evoked frequent out
bursts of derisive laughter and ironical
comment at the expense of the Royal
ists, especially on the reading of the
various telegrams exchanged and the
failure of the plots.
At the conclusion of the reading of
the indictment M. Bernard and his col
league's left the Senate, and M. Fal
lleres ordered the Senators to sit behind
closed doors.
In secret session the Senators dis
cussed whether they were competent to
sit as a high court and try the case.
On the resumption of the public sit
ting M. Fallieres announced that the
Senate had decided by a vote of 234
against 32 to allow the prisoner to be
represented by counsel during the pre
liminary Inquiry, but that the question
of the competence of the Senate to sit
as a high court to try the charges had
been adjourned until after the conclu
sion of the preliminary inquiry.
This is tantamount to the adjourn
men of the high court for several
weeks at least. Most of the Senators
were present when the announcement
was made, but there were few persons
in the public and press galleries.
The general comment in the Senate
lobbies was that the indictment dis
played the ridiculous but still criminal
character of the royalist intrigues to
overthrow the republic.
NAVAL RESERVE GOES
ABOARD THE BADGER
Company From Santa Cruz Off for
an ■ Eight Days'
Trip.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 18.— Fourth
Gun Division Naval Militia, Lieutenant
Lindsay commanding, left this noon for
an eight days' cruise on the training ship
Badger. The boys were to have sailed
yesterday morning:, but the Badger was
unable to leave San Francisco on account
of the fog.
At 10 o'clock this morning the Badger
was sighted. It had arrived last night,
but could not land on account of the
heavy fog. At 10:30 she cast anchor a
short distance from shore, and the cutters
came in for the Santa Crux Reserve.
Those who went from this city are:
Lieutenant Carl K. Lindsay, commanding
officer; John Doyle, lieutenant Junior grade;
Master at Arm;- Frank Helms: Gunner's
Mate? Harry RofT and C. F. Schultz.
Quartermaster Otis Longley, Bugler
Frank Sears, Cockswains Charles L
Studemann, Benjamin Garcia and Lloyd
Uhden;Seamen Garlield Bull, E. G. Bast,
William Comstock, Royal Cornish, Car
los Dennis, James Delaney, H. D. Ed
wards. H. D. Green, E. W. Gregg, Ed
ward Handler, Walter Heln, T. H. Hort,
J. A. Kohms, *V. H. Hopkins P. C. Mor
rlssey, c I. Morse, F. W. Polio. A. C.
Rennie. M. D. Snippy. R. W. Springer, C.
B. Warren and H. E. "Whidden.
The Badger will proceed to Santa Bar
bara and San Diego, where other com
panies will be taken aboard. She will
then put out to sea.
SHERIFF FARLEY OF
MONTEREY KILLED
BY A PRISONER
Continued from First ''nso.
cween two omcers and started tor the
jail. The capture was made known and
a ;i!ui> headed off the officers.
A large crowd assembled at the
Courthouse, where the jail is situated.
determined to take Ceaaar from the of
ficers. Deputies Keef and Church
eluded the mob and hurried the origon
r toward the east into the hills. A
crowd on horseback followed, and as
sert they will take him from the offi
cers. The deputies at the jail are in
[uate •..! cope with the mob should
the prisoner be brought here.
In the surrounding towns the feeling
is as great as here, and It is claimed
that the citizens there await tne com
ing of the prisoner and are prepared | i
take the law in their own hands. At a
very late hour to-night the prisoner
h.Hs not been incarcerated.
LATER— SALINAS. Sept. 19.—Excite
ment is increasing over Sheriff Farley's
murder. People ore (lucking in from Cas
troville, Gonsales and other towns in
buggies.
All are armed and threaten to follow
ir. The Delaneys have deserted their
homes as they are afraid nf further out
rage. <'e;is;!r< brother Fred is being
watched for fear of trouhle.
PRESENTS THE CLAIM
OF GREAT BRITAIN
Sir Richard Webster, Attorney Gen
eral, Argues Upon the Venezue
lan Boundary Matter.
PARIS. Sept. IS.— At to-day's session of
Ihe Anglo-Venezuelan Boundary Arbitra
tion Commission Sir Richard Wester, the
British Attorney General, continuing his
argument on behalf of Great Britain,
dwelt upon the alliance between the
Dutch and the Indians. Describing the
colony as it was in 1714, at the time of
the treaty of Utrecht, he claimed that
the Dutch then owned all that is now
contended for by Great Britain, and ar
gued that the acts of Spanish interfer
ence during the, eighteenth century had
been without effect.;
Describing the colony in 1814. he as
serted that at "he time of the transfer
to England all the territory and all the
rivers owned by the Dutch passed from
the Netherlands to England.
Sir Richard criticized the report of M.
Mallet-Prevoßt, secretary of the commis
sion and one of the counsel for Vene
zuela, upon the maps that have been laid
before the tribunal, and then commenced
to sketch the British period of occupa
tion. He will conclude his argument to
morrow.
♦
PROTEST AGAINST THE
ASSIGNMENT OF SCHLEY
WASHINGTON. Sept. 18. — Governor
Lowndes, Senator Wellington, Mayor Mal
ster of Baltimore and General Felix Ag
nus called upon the President to-day and
formally protested against the assignment
of Rear Admiral Schley to command the
South Atlantic squadron, on the ground
that it was not commensurate with the
dignity and the service he had rendered
during the Spanls.. -American war. The
protest was made voluntarily and without
Admiral Schley"s knowledge. The Presi
dent listened attentively to what the
Maryland Republican leaders had to say
but gave no indication of what he would
do.
STATUS OF THE STRIKE
OF CARPENTERS
NEW YORK. Sept. I*.— Between 500 and
ROD carpenters who are on a strike held
a meeting to-day to hear reports as to tne
attitude of the employers toward the men.
The men demand *22 for forty-four hours'
work. It was reported to-day that 262 id
the 400 or more bosses have acceded to
the demands of the men. The officers of
the organization say they have enough
money to keep the striking carpenters for
four months or longer.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 18.— The post
office at Alila, Tulare County, will be dis
continued after September 30. Mail will
be sent to Plxley. A postoffice was to
day established at Ohennlk, Alaska. T.
E. Rawles was appointed postmaster at
Boonvllle, MendoclnO County, vicie Her
bert Thomson, removed.
Army orders: By direction of the Secre
tary <>f War Lieutenant Colonel Albert S.
Towar. deputy paymaster general, ig' re
lieved from duty in the Department of
California, and will proceed by transport
with funds to the Philippine Islands, and
upon arrival there report to the com
manding general. Department of the Pa
ciii'-, for assignment to duty as chief pay
master, to relieve Major Charles McClure.
who upon beinp thus relieved will proceed
to Han Francisco. The following-named
hospital stewards stationed at posts desg
nated after thf.ir names will be sent to
San Francisco: Francois L. Oilmans,
Fort Mcl'herson. Georgia; William C.
Livingston, Josiali Simpson, General HO3.
pitai, Fort Monroe, va. The- following
named enlisted men of the hospital corps
are transferred to Ansel Island: Privates
Charles H. Smith. Charles M. Talley and
Paul Yeatman, Fort Thomas, Kentucky;
Privates Jain<»s J. Eells, George T. Hig
gins and WiUiam S. Osburn, Fort Crook,
Nebraska.
The following are discharged from the
service of the United States: Charles A.
Montondo, Company G, Twenty-sixth
Infantry. San Francisco, and First Class
Private William T. Douglass, ordnance
detachment, Henicia Arsenal. Private
David M. Wills, general hospital. Savan
nah, will bo forwarded to Angel Island.
Private Frank McCann, Company H,
Seventh Infantry, now at Fort Wayne, is
transferred to the hospital corps. He will
be Bent to Angel Island. Private James
W. Hicketts, Company G, Seventh In
fantry, now at ColumbUS Barracks, is
transferred to Fourth Cavalry. He will
bi Bent to the Presidio, San Francisco.
Private Raleigh Sebre, general service.
Fort Houston, Is transferred to the hos
pital < orps. He will be sent to Angel
Islund.
Pensions: California: Original— Floyd
Scott. Oakland, $8; Michael Burns. Oak
land. ?»>.
Oregon: Original— Special September 8,
George Wright, Salem, Jti.
Washington: Original — Eugene Hildo
Walla Walla, $8; Wilson A. Olds, Medical
Lake, $6; Oliver E. Melvln, Easton, S6.
Lumber Mill Burned.
MARYSVILLE. Sept. is.— Crane's lum
ber mills at Sharon Valley were destroyed
by forest fires Saturday. The loss will
reach $10,000. The property was not in
sured.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 19. 1890.
INACTIVITY OF
SUGAR STOCK
Market Dragged by Ha
waiian Securities.
♦
ALL BONDS AT A PREMIUM
SMALL HOLDERS OVERLOADED
AND WILL SUFFER.
Honolulu Agitated Over the Question
of Sending a Representative to
Attend Next Session of
Congress. '
BY HORACE WRIGHT.
HONOLULU. Sept IL-f-"Sugar shares
aif .1 drag and all bonds at a premium,"
said a prominent linanoutf" to me m.s
morning. "Thi.i is the only news from
Honolulu that business men -on the coast
want to know, and ;..■.• facts are .- .m
The rich men are all right, but the i'oor
and --ma'! holders are overloaded with
shares; and the game of ■freeze-out" by
foreign capitalists will soon be opened Up.
There are excellent prospects for the one
who can hold on-— none better— lor ail
properties are intrinsically vaiuabie*; Out
as In everything else it is m ■.;<:• ami
plenty «>i it -that talks. tionoiutu ai:u
Hawaii are all rignt, but the booming
business must give piace to business prin
ciples. ■■ . .
as no on* i.- more conservative than the
Hawaiian-born mi&slonar'y descendant of
New England stocK, who is leierreu to,
his opinions may cc regarded as svund;
No one can watch the uuiuunt; trade in
Hawaii Without seeing that inundations
are Bond, lor by this time next year most
ot the ome>i linns win be in new Quarters
wlncn wouid' be a credit even to .\>uji
l'Tar.cisco. On almost every street pio
neer buildings are giving piace to very
substantial and handsome structures or'
beautitui blue uasaiuc stone, quarried on
the island and unlimited in Quantity. A.
though there is also a very tine quality of
bath stone, almost identical with that,
trom Somersetshire, but little of that for
the present is used. In course of unit
brick will be manufactured, for brick clay
has been discovered, in large quantities,
but no one feels inclined to be trie lust to
venture oh the manufacture lor fear or
competitors filching trie profits of experi
ment and experience.
This morning I had a conversation with
President Dole and ex-Attorney General
W. O. Smith in reference to the Hawaiian
Government being represented in Wash
ington during the next session of Con?
gress. The matter has been under dis
cussion in the local press and has stirred
up rather bitter partisan feelings between
the conservatives and the radicals, and I
felt that the Government's views should
be presented.
Mr. Dole stated that a commissioner
would certainly be appointed, to leave in
November, to represent Hawaii not in a
spirit of dictating or lobbying for certain
views or interests but to be on hand to
supply information when needed for com
mittees or individual legislators. Unless
such information was on hand grave in
justice and much future embarrassment
i nd difficulty might be caused by preju
dicial legislation, however honest in in
tent. To entirely and radically change
existing conditions would be Impractica
ble. They would have to be very care
fully considered.
So far as the labor problem was con
cerned, that might be deemed practically
settled by the abolition of the penal 'con
tract system, which was irretrievably
doomed. The only problem, remaining to
be solved is how and whence to obtain
the .labor most adaptable to the needs of
the country and most beneficial to Its
future. This seemed very likely to be
favorably solved by the efforts to be made
In Portugal and Italy, either by a simple
contract or free labor, but that was more
the province of the planters than of the
Government. The Government had un
reservedly selected W. O. Smith as Its
representative to Washington, as. being
Hawaiian born, a lawyer and ex-member
of the Cabinet, he. is thoroughly Informed
of the needs and existing conditions and
laws of the country. Mr. Smith had very
reluctantly accepted, but in the event of
his being unable to go the Cabinet had
another gentleman in view, but his name
could not. until Mr. Smith's final decision
had been received, be disclosed
Mr. Smith said that he did not wish to
go to Washington partly on account of
business relations, but more especially for
personal and family reasons, which might
eventually prevent him from accepting
the position. The matter was still under
consideration by him.
The Planters' Association will also, it
is understood, send a representative, but
Mr. Klnney is undecided whether his
services can be made available owing to
other business engagements.
There is another very interesting light
in connection with the labor problem
coming up before the courts. The attor
ney for the Hilo settlers has taken up the
case of certain Japanese at Pepeekeo
plantation, who were arrested fur breach
of their penal contracts and subsequently
released. A suit for $100,000 for false im
prisonment is to he brought. As a rule,
such cases have failed in this country, but
this case will be fought to the bitter end.
as a test case against the plantations and
on principle. Should a satisfactory prece
dent be established such suits will become
innumerable and costly and the country
will have more unrest.
As an interesting sequel to the release
of the Galicians. most of whom have ob
tained employment, the Sunday Volcano
has suspended, or as its editor says, "it
has been suppressed." Yesterday a
"dodger" was Issued in lieu of the paper
in which Mr. Marshall says:
"After printing six pages our publishers
declined to proceed further with this issue
and we were compelled to adopt this
method of keeping faith with our readers.
The Volcano, greater and more aggressive
than ever. will, like the phenfx, arise
from her ashes and soar into the literary
and emancipating skies of freedom. The
paper, the Sunday Volcano, asks no quar
ter in this warfare, neither will it give
any. Look out for its Hppearance, which
will come, like, the angels to the shepherds
on the plains of Bethlehem, proclaiming
a new dispensation :to the liberty-loving
world;" ■ _^_^______^_ . '.-.
RIOT SITUATION IS
SLIGHTLY IMPROVED
Additional Troops at Carterville, the
Scene of the Recent Shooting
of Negroes. , >
CARTERVILLE. Til.. Sept. IS.— Thetri is
little change in . the situation here, bui
what little there Is Is for. the better. Sail
Cumming*. the wounded negro, died last
night, making a total of five killed. Four
more are Ferlously wounded, but are ex
pected to recover. The Coroner's jury is
still In session and will not adjourn before
to-morrow.
Mayor Zimmerman issued a signed
statement to-day, in which he says that
Governor Tanner sent a personal repre
sentative to him and told him that if the
better class of citizens would sign an
agreement to the effect that they would
guarantee that there would be ho more
loss of life or rioting the Governor would
remove the troops. Mayor Zimmerman
told this representative that the Governor
sent the troops here without consulting
the citizens of Carterville, and that he
would remove them the same way, and
not only this, but just as long as the ne
groes remained at the Brush mines just so
lung might he expect to hear of trouble
here.
Residents of Herrin were halted last
night by guards near the Brush mines
and placed under arrest while on their
way home fpim Carterville. They were
taken to Marlon to-day, where they are
being guarded. *
Company F of Mount Vernon, forty
strong, arrived to-day. Company B of
Newton is expected to arrive either to
night or to-morrow.
WILL CLOSE ALL PORTS.
Sweeping Order Issued by Emperor
Nicholas.
LONDON, Sept. IS.— The Dally Mail
publishes the following- from Copenhagen:
Emperor Nicholas has signed a ukase
decreeing that when the Middle Europe
canal and the Siberian Railway are com
pleted in 1901 all important Russian ports
on the Pacific and the Baltic and Black
Beaa shall be closed forever to any but
Russian ships.
OPENING DAY OF THE
ODD FELLOWS' JUBILEE
Splendid Public Welcome Is Extended to
the Delegates bu the Mauor of Detroit
and Michigan Lodge Officials,
DETROIT, Mich., Sept. 18.— Hard,
persistent rain has been the predomi
nant outward feature of the opening
day of the Independent Order of Odd
1 Fellows' diamond jubilee. Adverse
j weather conditions, however, failed to
dampen the spirits of the Odd Fellows
enough to keep them away from the
public welcomes extended at the De
troit Opera-house by Mayor Maybury
and Michigan Odd Fellows officials.
Every representative entitled to a place
jon the floor of the Sovereign Grand
' Lodge was in his place when, the ses
| sion opened, IS9 men, from every State
j and Territory and the Canadian Prov
■ inces.
it was necessary to postpone a trolley
ride' about the city planned for this .af
ternoon until Saturday, which had
been left open for Individual Sight
seeing. To-night the visiting ladies
were entertained in the Light Infantry
| Armory by the Union Rebekah Degeree
j staff of this city. Fifty-six ladies,' the
| largest degree team in the history of
j Odu Fellowship, exemplified the . Re
bekah degree.
Sovereign grand officers, Grand Lodge
and brand iSncamurpent ornciais and vari
ous otter functionaries of the independent
j Order uJ Odd .fellows walked to me opeu
ing session of the seventy-fifth annual
i meeting of the order to-uay through a
i drenching rain, i ney were escorted from
i heaaquaiters, the .hotel Cadillac,, to the
i Detroit Opera-house, wnere puuno recep
j tion exercises were hetU by the military
! cantonniems of the oruer present in the
> city. Arriving in front of tne theater the
Patriarchs Militant stood in line with
: swords present, wnile 300 umbrella-bearing
I sovereign and State omcers, delegates to
! the (Sovereign Grand Lodge ana to the
, .Michigan Grand Lodge Died past in pairs
■ and entered. The proceedings opened
with orchestral music. On the stage were
i the sovereign* grand sire and grand officers
: and those who were to voice the wel
comes. Greetings were extended by Col
oneLO. A. Janes, chairman of the general
locarcommittee; Mayor Maybury for the
{ city and State; Colonel K. H. Sellers,
grand master, representing- the Michigan
: grand lodges; Robert Donovan, grand
patriarch ot the Michigan Grand Encamp
! ment; Brigadier C. S. Martin, department
: commander of the Michigan Patriarchs
Militant, and by Mrs. Emma Haskln,
president of Rebekah Assembly.
Governor Pingree was unable to appear
j owing to illness, and Mayor Maybury wel
comed the visitors on behalf of the city
and State. Of Odd Fellowship the Mayor
said: . . , . . .
"It was one of the first, if not the first,
societies to make men brothers and' to
; make my neighbor the man who needs me
and is deserving of my help."
Hon. Alfred S. Pinkerton, grand sire,
| responded to the welcomes, after which
the Sovereign Grand Lodge representa
tives proceeded to Harmonic Hall, where
the first business session was held.
I Grand Sire rinkerton made his annual
I report to the Sovereign Grand Lodge. Mr.
I Pinkerton said:
"The evidence of the work of aggres
sive, progressive force of Odd Fellowship
' is a refutation of the false assertion that
the present citizens of the world are not
so good as were their fathers. Welcome
every agency that lends a helping hand to
thos<- who need it. December 31 last our
subordinate lodge membership was 830,.
%1 and the number of sisters enrolled In
i the Rebekah lodges numbered. 190,007.
j These figures enable us for the first time
to honestly claim fraternal affiliation with
over a million persons."
Referring to the finances of the order,
Mr. Pinkerton said: .
"The great. source of our. financial life
! Is the income derived from the sale of
i supplies. It has never been our policy to
STOCKTON'S FAIR
WELL PATRONIZED
Every Inch of Pavilion
Space Taken.
— ♦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, Sept. 18.— The county fair
- . I p» ■ : 1 1 • 1 Ed-day under promising auspices,
and the city presents a scene of old-time
fair-week activity. The fair will undoubt
edly surpass any of recent years, both as
to the attractiveness of the programme
and the attendance.
The pavilion in which so many famous
exhibits have been made was becoming
dilapidated for want of attention, when
six months ago five enterprising young
men, w. c. Neumiller, H. E. Adams, John
Willy. ('. K. Doan and George Catts took
the matter up and painted and renovated
the big structure till it presents a credit
able appearance.
Every foot of space has been sold for
some time, and at the formal opening to
night nearly all of the displays were in
position.
The show Is very complete and covers
almost every avenue of industry. The
place is profusely decorated, the national
colors predominating. The farmers are
t.ikinn an active interest and are well
n presi ntftd in the crowds that throng the
streets. Kakers have pitched tents around
the town, and will not be molested so long
as they do not attempt unlawful games.
IS INVESTIGATING
THE TIMBER FRAUDS
Walace R. Boss of the Forestry De
partment Tells How the Govern
ment Was Mulcted.
TACOMA, Sept. IS.— Wallace R. Ross of
th<- Forestry Department at Washington
is one of the several officers sent to ln
vestlgate the Umber frauds whereby large
tracts of timber in the forest reserves
have bees cut down. Mr. Ross says:
"Prior to the establishment of reserves
many thousands of acres of valuable tim
ber lands were patented by logging and
lumber companies. To such as held deeds
the Government offered to give an equal
acreage of timber lands at other points,
but neglected to set a date of exchange.
"These great companies at once put to
work an extra force of men and by keep
ing them hard at work soon had their
patent cleared of all timber; then under
the law they presented the land to the
Government, selecting in return the most
valuable timber land that could be se
cured. In other words, they have been
■double shooting the turn,' and in many
cases where it was the intention of the
Government to preserve a timbered area
it has on its hands nothing but a stump
acreage wholly devoid of material for
parks.
"When logging was done prior to the
passage of ihe law there was. of course,
no criminal intent; but the question the
department will now take up ia whether
or hot thflse who have cut timber from
their patents aft«-r the passage of the law
can or cannot be held liable.
"It is not the purpose of the department
to prosecute those who have literally dis
obeyed the law. but to effectually put a
stop to future operations along the same
lines.
"As it is. the forept reserves in West
ern Washington are badly broken up and
it will take years before they will he as
good as those in the eastern part of the
State, which were not so heavily patented
when the law was passed."
UNIVERSITY INSTITUTE.
Professor Wickson of Berkeley Lec
tures on Breeds of Cattle.
SANTA BARBARA, Sept. 18.-The Unl
vorsity Institute opened its session here
to-day onder the aiispioes of the Univer
sity of California and In direct charge of
professors from the agricultural college
: accumulate money, nor has intentional ex
, travagance been indulged in. Still, as a
! rule, our expenditures exceed our rev
: enues and a continuance of such a condl
i tion can have but one result. 1 do not
believe that biennial sessions of the Sov
ereign Grand Lodge or a lixed place of
) meeting will solve the problem. The
1 seeming remedy is a reduction in the sum
paid for mileage."
The grand sire gave an epitome history
! of the order and its growth, referring to
j the relation existing between the Ameri
can order and those of foreign countries.
! He reported that the affairs of the di
versely situated and widely separated
brotherhood were generally In a pros
perous Condition. Appended to the report
were reports on the condition of the order
in Europe, Japan, Hawaii, tlouth America,
Alaska and Northwest Canada.
Clrand Secretary Grant's was a very
voluminous report, The secretary re
ported encouraging-increases for the year
jin both the subordinate and Rebekah
branches, that of the former having been
greater than in any year since 1892. A
small decrease was reported iii the en
! campment branch, much smaller, how
ever, than in any other of several years
] past.
"Another evidence of progress during
i the yeur." said the secretary, "is found
in the unusually long list of warrants
issued. In Hawaii. Newfoundland. The
Netherlands and Alaska new charters
: have been asked for. Favorable reports
j are coming in from Cuba and a new lodge |
is to be instituted in Buenos Ayres. The
! number of foreign Grand Lodge represen
tatives Is increased to 189."
The secretary gave the following sum
mary of the condition of the order on De
i cember 31, LSyS:
Sovereign grand lodge, 1; independent
j grand lodges, 5 (Australia, Denmark,
I Germany, Sweden and Switzerland i; suli
| ordinate grand lodges, 65: subordinate
grand encampments, 65; subordinate i
lodges, 11,796; subordinate encampments, i
2641; lodge members. K59.929; encampment 1
members, 128.267; Rebekah lodges, ."iv>7 l : •
members of Rebekah lodges, 313.1G3.
The whole increase in all branches of
the order for the year was 30J>25. The
report showed the relief expenditures by
lodges to be 53, 126,050; relief by encamp- j
ments, $249.75G, and by Rebekah lodges, '
$47,149, making a total of $3 .422.086. The
total expenses of subordinate lodges fig
ures $4,159,726. The revenue of subordinate
lodges amounted to $7,752,282: subordinate
encampments, $."70,762: Rebekah Jodges,
$44:U45; total, $8,786,393. The toal invested
] funds aggregate $27,185,241.
Many resolutions were offered. The
most important one was introduced by
Representative Young of Maryland, and is
aimed at the mileage paid representatives j
to the Sovereign Grand Lodge. At present '
10 cents per mile is allowed for delegates
living east of the Rocky Mountains and ]2 \
cents west. Jt orders the figures reduced
to 8 and 10 cents, respectively.
A resolution is pending from last year"s
meeting reducing the mileage to 7 "and 8
cents. Both thtse were, after an hour's ;
discussion, referred to a special commit
tee of five, with a request to report as
soon as possible.
That the mi Wage allowance will he re
duced is believed t<> be certain, as a cut
musl be made in the expenses, and the
delegates are almost a unit in favoring
this as the proper place.
A resolution ordering the abolishing of
"visitiiiK cards" was referred to the reso- j
lutions committee. The visiting card is j
now necessary to enable a member of one j
lodge to visit another. It is proposed
inst-ad. to make the receipt for dues'
sufficient.
The matter of admitting negroes to the
Independent Order of odd Fellows :s ex
pected tn come up at this session as it
ha? done for a number of years. Resolu
tions providing for the admission of ne
groes have always heretofore been voted
down, and the sentiment among the pres
ent delegates causes predictions of a sim
ilar fate for any Introduction at this ses
sion. The X ii.k.ih branch is working to
obtain Representation on the floor of the
Soverefgn Grand Lodge, but then- is a
deaj of opposition to such an innovation
i and experimental stations. Professor \
I i ofc'i art , iri ,, n , presided. Professor
E. .7. wickson of Berkeley gave an Illus
trated address on "Breeds of Cattle •'
which called forth considerable discus
i f,'n O r n t« f : 'IT" il*" 1 ' ions frf "" different
parts ol the Statf w-.t-.. present and the
! Institute promises to be successful.
DESERTED THE BODY
OF HER DAUGHTER
MARTSVTLLB, Sept. ]S._The Coroner
was called to Stanfield Hill yesterday to
bury the remains of a 12-year-old "girl
named Bird:.- Moore, who died at that
place under peculiar circumstances while
en route from the Wheatland hop fields
to her home in the mountains. The
strange part of the affair is that the girl's
mother deserted the body, leaving it with
strangers, to whom she gave instructions
to send word to the Coroner. A thorough
investigation will be made
lOFfly ffSr B R ™BFM g^_r i« 'C^i^. S^S^ "
They are recognized H
r^Vyp by every purchaser to be worth the money— they V* r~
; «V/L. ■ aie the best hats for the price -sold to-day The
(WOT shapes are so made that they come the wearers; __}»-' L
&-)CIrZ the material used is of the finest lelt ; the work- ~\!Ct/~
Yf/Ajr manship is so good that we depend upon it to -J!r-iV
=JLV-' this extent : Every Hawes hit that is not satis- \Uf
*Jr\>^ " factory is replaced by a new one free or the pur-
~\v^3/— chase price is refunded to the customer. •*!_/ P
_V'^>*i " Hawes Hats are ■ S/3>
S $3 i
all over America. They must be A No. i hats > >»Y^
'^Y^ ■ to bear such a guarantee. $~<£
o^^C" Derbys and Fedoras in all shapes and colors. jTjl)
Ps^ «/^"^t ■ _<7>_ 'ZhOl
t^< Mys.N.wooDTco(^ ml
f7^§" M2]2i^ 7 1 a market st \§&sy 3S^*
jyC^^ ' Out-of-town orders filled — - write us.
SECURING THE
DESIRELLO JURY
Work Is Proceeding Very
Slowly.
ELEVEN WHO MAY SERVE
SPECIAL VENTRE OF TWENTY
FIVE EXHAUSTED.
Secon^^ia^^h^la^Wh^Cilled
Young James Johnston at Colma
in March of Last
Year.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY, Sept. 18.— The selec
tion of a jury for the second tri.;i of
Fred Desirello. the Baden Constable
charged with the murder of young James
Johnston, commenced at this place this
morning. The regular panel of fifty tales
man was exhausted before noon and a
special venire of twenty-five was ordered
returnable at 2 o'clock this afternoon.
This lias also been exhausted and fif
teen more ordered for to-morrow morn
ing. There are now eleven men in the
jury box, though none have as yet been
accepted. The probabilities are that all
day to-morrow will be consumed in se
curing; the jury.
So far the prosecution has exercised but
one peremptory challenge, and the de
fense eleven. Desirello has been once
tried for the crime of murder, the jury ;
standinß six for manslaughter and six for ;
acquittal. It is conceded by the prose
cution that a conviction of murder can- |
not be obtained, as there ure not the ele- |
ments in the case that go to make a )
crime of that character. The whole week |
will wry likely be consumed in the trial |
of the case, as there are a great many >
witnesses to be examined.
Desirello is charged with murdering i
James Johnston, a young man about 17 i
years of age, at (Mima on the 18th of last J
March. The evidence showed on the for- I
mer trial that on that day defendant had j
been In attendance at the coursing park
at Colma. being hired by the manage- i
ment of the association to maintain or
der and keep the peace. After the races
and on his way to Belli's store in the
town he stopped at the White House.
While he was standing in front of this
place talking with a friend young John,
ston, accompanied by John Vaccari and
Henry Jensen, two boys about his own
age, came down the road from the direc
tion of San Francisco in a wagon.
As to what occurred when the wagon
reached the White House, the evidence
is. contradictory. Defendant claims that j
the boys were either driving in a reck
less and careless manner and at a rate ,
of speed sufficient to endanK t- r their own
lives and the lives of pedestrians and
others who might be in the road, or that j
the horses had got beyond their control !
and were running away. He claims that \
he called to the boys to halt and slacken i
their slued, and when they paid no at
tention to him tired his pistol In the air !
to compel compliance. He tired a second j
and third shot, as he claims, at the j
horses, his only intention being to crip
ple or kill them, as he had cume to the ;
conclusion that they were running away. !
Instead of striking the horses, one of the !
shots struck young Johnston in the neck, i
causing his death a few minutes later.
The boys on the wagon claim that the
horses were at all times under the con
trol of the driver. John Vaccari, and that I
they w»-re trotting only at an ordinary '
rate; that the first they knew of any at
tempt to stop them was when young:
Johnston was shot: that Desirello never;
called to them at all. Defendant in the j
tirH! trial admitted the killing, but ;
claimed that it was an accident pure and
simple, and six of the jurors believed
him not guilty.
Since his first trial Desirello has been
out of jail on bail and working at Baden, j
Defendant's counsel are ex-Judge E. F. j
Fitzpatrick and ex-District Attorney H.
W. Walker. District Attorney Bullock is
prosecuting;
ANOTHER SEARCH FOR
THE DUNHAM SKELETON
Sheriff Langford and William Stay
ton Start for the Pacheco
Mountains.
GILROY, Sept. 18.— Sheriff Robert
Langfiord and Under Sheriff William
Stayton of Gilroy left to-night In their
third seach for the skeleton supposed to
be that of Jiimes Dunham, seen by
Keener of Visalla in the Pacheco Moun
tains two weeks ago. They took saddle
horses with them and are prepared for a
several days' search. The Sheriff tried to
keep his "errand here a secret, but it
leaked out
They will make the Mountain House to
night and start nut early in the morning.
The Sheriff would not Bay if Keener
would accompany them on this trip, but
it is presumed he will meet them in the
mountains and not give up the search
until he has located his former ghastly
find. Stayton is well acquainted with tho
country r.nd will prove a valuable help to
the Sheriff in his search^
Baisins Shipped.
FRESNO. Sept 18.— The first carload of
seedless raisins for the season was
shipped East to-day by Seropian Bros.
The grapea are from the vineyard of D.
S. Dorn, the San Francisco attorney.
"OVERWORKED
<?/'~> \
£-::2sg§T^^^ vS Are ex -
::{::f7^ 1! 7 Jy hauste d
■.'••.•Vj i-. \ i ) nprvff. Thr;
• :> ./* i/S. \ il/ nerve - cella
•'/ 1 Jii have been
•7 T""- • i ijfrf robbed of
■.L,7 V.v^a^WG their vital
':>> £ \':--MBUBBK forces. All
: SAv \^^H the organs
\ MBfe of the body
must suffer,
"?Jllra^Ri «K)I for each or-
V'/^U^Br*' gan— heart,
\' NlnßvL c tomach,
• \ IB&B&SESjtA liver, etc. —
depend a
*^*1/IiJHE upon nerves
'friHHt" for its per-
// SegHßSpagWSl feet activ-
, *1M ' :: '' I r> d i-
I 9BBb&- "m Milts, as m
-vILJp^^H^^BHHHA fl g. 1; palpl-
"llffl^^^^^- \ tatlonof the
JnfaWSSdm tm torpidity of
/mi^R '. H the liver. Hsr.
y^ajf gjjjßß HK 3; coated
tysnin& tongue, fit.
'W^^sr^^t^—* lallow com-
' ~ plexions, fig.
HUDYAN 50c— All '<: headache.
Druggists. fig.! 22 " 16881
You want HUDYAN if you suffer with any of
these symptoms, for HUDYAN strengthens
weak nerves and quiets them. For Insomnia—
HUDYAN. For nervousness— HUDYAN. For
, weakness— HUDYAN. For emaciation— HUD-
I VAX For despondency, clouded memory.
I all-gone and tired feeling— HUDYAN. For all
the foregoing symptoms, "take HUDYAN, be-
cause HUDYAN will afford prompt relief. It
' cures
i In women with nervous disturbances there is
I nearly always bearing-down or dragging pains,
I nausea, pain in back, melancholia, pain over
abdomen. HUDYAN relieves all these condi-
: tions. Women who take HUDYAN enjoy abso-
| lute comfort. HUDYAN creates bright, rosy-
complexions.
! HUDYAN is for sale by druggists, 50c a pack-
age or six packages for $2 50.
If your druggist does not keep Ht DYAX.
I send direct to the HUDYAN REMEDY COM-
PANY, corner Stockton, Ellis and Market
streets, San Francisco, Cat.
CONSULT THE HUDYAN DOCTORS
4.80UT YOUR CASE-FREE OF CHARGE.
■ CALL OR WRITE.
s^W> I do not believe there
JffMftjgJsEj3fek is a case of dyspep-
#^SJ| \ sia, indigestion or
J||*^*^* B *l&||' any stomach trouble
Mv jSy tnat cannot be re-
Ssf -—/Mb He"ve<l at once and
r« &*£??&&& permanently cured
V JaW ~' my DYSPEPSIA
'yl^^ ft^fc||gL At all druggists,
*$jMjjZs|c«g||> 25c. a vial. Guide
 T^fT^vßßmaFWg to Health and medi-
'\ I i' : cal advice free. 1505
• Arch street, Phila.
fißMaaaaMiiiiM_
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE \l
American Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA, IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of December.
! A D IS?S. and for the year ending on that cay,
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code.
I condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
; missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash $500.000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.... $ 389,189 23
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages .. 1,080,560 54
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 824,027 50
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral 67,700 00
Cash In Company's Office 8,684 21
Cash in Banks ■ 177,799 45
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans , 1,037 50
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 16,807 06
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 115,683 93 M
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks
Rents due and accrued 7,918 21
Ground Rents, well secured 21,320 00
Total Assets $2,710,727 67
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $ 47.895 99
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 100.999 24
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 2, SIS 06
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $950,938 95;
reinsurance 50 per cent i 475,469 4?
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
• ning more than one year, $909.-
-247 99; reinsurance pro rata 494,79159
Gross premiums on Marine and.
Inland Navigation Risks, $ ;
reinsurance 100 per cent «
Gross premiums on MaTine Time
Risks, $-— — ; reinsurance 50 per
cent •
Amount reclalmable by the insured
on perpetual flre insurance policies 566,667 33
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due 17.352 58
Total Liabilities ..' $1.705.994 25
INCOME. "
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums ..1,226.144 49
Deposit . premiums on perpetual
Risks • • 16,73165
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages V.iv"i' 81.574 85
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 44.643 60
Received for Rents 18,569 94
Received from all other sources N 2.665 04 v
Total Income .$1.370.329 60
EXPENDITURES. ™
Net amount paid for Flre Losses (in-
cluding $120,141 60, losses of previ-
ous years) $ 781,877 00
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(including deposit premiums re-
turned ••• 17.522 49
Dividends to Stockholders 40,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage j. 244.028 48
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 48.356 00
Paid for State. National and local
taxes 43.757 27
All other payments ana expendi-
tures 171,085 25
Total Expenditures $1,346,626 47
_ — '
Fire
Losses .incurred during the year.... $813, 448*68
Risks and Premiums. IFire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks • "
written during the
>' ear $139,088,171 594.4*6 47
Net amount of Risks
expired during tho
y ear ••••,• 130.651.130 1.568,512 04
Net amount in force
December 31, 1538.... 167.356.350 | 1.860.156 94
THOS. H. MONTGOMERY. President. "
RICHARD MARIS. Secretary.
c.5 U 5 scrib J t v and sworn to before me, thi»
6th day at February 1599
uv, HENRY F. REARDON, Notary Public.
EDWARD BROWN 6-SONS, '
GENERAL AGENTS,/
411-413 CALIFORNIA STREET,
BAN FRANCISCO. ■LOS ANGELES
BLOCK SWEPT
BY FLAMES
Loss Is Roughly Estimated
at a Quarter of a
Million.
THREE MEN INJLRED
f Perry M.il and Lumber
] , LosAx_- !:ngCa. and
J. F. Holbrook Destroyed.
Scecial Dispatch to Tie Call.
LOS ANGELES. Sept. IS.— Practically
an entire block bounded by Commer
cial, Alameda, Requena and Wilming
ton streets -was destroyed by fire this
afternoon. The buildings destroyed
"Were those of the Los Angeles Farm-
Ing- and Milling Company, the Perry
Mill and Lumber Company, the plant
cf J. F. Holbrook, dealer in iron pipe
and oil well casings, in addition to a
large amount of lumber belonging- to
the two lumber fines.
Three men were Injured In the fire,
two of them probably fatally. They
are:
GEORGE KNOWLTON. assistant en
gineer; fatally burned.
JAMSS M. DIETER, engineer; seri-
H. B. TEBBETTS, overcome by the
heat.
Th-e fire originated In the engine- ;
room of the Perry Mill and Lumber i
Company. A spark from the engine i
Jell into a pile of shavings and in a j
few minutes the whole place was In a
blaze. In a struggle to put out the I
Carries Knowlton and Dieter received '
their injuries.
■As soon as possible an alarm of fire I
vas turned in and this was closely fol- j
lowed by a second alarm. By the time |
the engines reached the scene of the !
conflagration the big- three-story brick !
building and the whole yard a:. . the !
mill of the Perry Company were ablaze.
Next to the Perry Mill on the east '■
•"were the frame buildings of the Los I
Angeles Farming and Milling Company. !
These and the big one-story building |
that runs along Alameda. street were j
soon a roaring furnace. The firemen !
had an almost impossible task in fight- J
frig- the Harries on account of the In- •
tense heat. Even the police had easy i
■work in keeping- back the crowd, as i
the heat did their work for them.
The tire department realized that it
could not hope to save the buildings
already on fire and therefore directed
nearly all of its energies to keep the <
buiMlngs across the street from de- I
struction. The small shops along Com
mercial street smoked from the heat I
and many of the occupants were in
fear that the hungry flames would drive
them from their homes and business.
The hose was 'kept playing on these
buildings and they were saved.
After the walls of the warehouse at |
Alameda and Commercial streets had '
fallen the troughs leading from the
bins In the upper part of the Farming
and Milling Company's warehouse were i
eaten open by the fire and a stream
of wheat ten feet in diameter poured
davzn en the fire below. This served
ttf smother cne of the tottest parts of. j
the blaze.
At 2 o'clock the fire was under con
trol, though the lumber and the milling
companies plants were swept clear,
with the exception of one warehouse
on Alameda street.
Though of very short duration the !
fire was one of the most destructive
that ever occurred in Los Angeles, at
least a quarter of a million dollars go-
Ing up in smoke in less than an hour.
the Los Angeles Farming and Milling
Company had a stock on hand valued, j
•with the expensive machinery, at $120.
--000, which Is practically a total loss.
An insurance of nearly $100,000 was car
ried.
The Perry Lumber and Milliner Com
pany carried a stock valued at $125,000,
including a large number of valuable
patterns, which it will be difficult to
replace. This company only carried
115.000 insurance. There are a number j
of small individual losses which foot up
In the aggregate the amount named.
During the progress of the fire a man,
three women and a boy were standing
on a porch in the rear of Emil Faure'a
saloon when the floor gave way and all
were precipitated a distance of twenty
feet to the ground. The three women
were injured, but none, it Is believed, I
James Dieter, engineer of the Perry j
Mining ■■•.---_-■:-; !
ton, his assistant, were both horribly '
burned in the fire. The chances for
Knowlton's recovery are very slight
end Dieter's condition is scarcely less
serious.
■Ward Cunningham, foreman of the
Perry Mill and Lumber Company, is miss
ing, and his family and friends f»ar that
he perished fn the flames. They have been
searching for him all the afternoon and
evening, but not the slightest trace of
him has been found.
NO OFFICIAL REPORT
OF THE BOMBARDMENT
WASHINGTON*. Sept. IS.— Admiral Wat-
JB<m has not yet reported to the Navy De
partment upon the reported bombardment
of the fort In Subig Bay by the Charles
ton yesterday. General Otis recently was
Informed by cable that he could have th*
fullest co-operation of the navy in any
movement, and it is thought at the Navy
Department that in execution of thi3
promise Admiral Watson is initiating' th*
ne-w campaign. '
Subiz Bay is the site of a projected
r.aval station. The Spaniards discovered
that it afforded advantages for such a
r,urpo<e over Manila Bay, and especially
over Cavite. They spent nearly $1,000,000
upon the place before the war and it was
one of the plans of Admiral Montejo, the
Spanish naval commander, to make his
stead against Dewey at Subig- instead of
at Cavite. ■■
ROTHSCHILD WILL BUY
RAILWAYS IN TURKEY
Consent of the German. French, Brit
ish and Ottoman Governments
Has Been Obtained.
Eccial Cabl* to The Call an<l New Tork Bar
aM. Copyrighted, •39. by James Gorton
3-ennett.
EERLIN. Sept. 18.— A dispatch from
Co*i«tantinopJe to the Berliner Tageblatt
etatps that the chief of the Paris bank-
Ir.sr house of P-othschild has arrived here.
it a gr»at
p^^^n^t^t^^
he Bagdad
of ? th* Airman. ! British. French and Turk
. „...,. . Jurk
ish Governments has been obtalnec
GERMAN PAPERS STOLEN.
Secret Mobilization Documents Taken
From the Strong Box at Wurtz
burg.
LONDON. Sept. 19.— The Berlin corre
spondent of the Daily Mall says: "The
strong 1 box of the Second Artillery Bri
gade at Wurtzburg was forced in the
absence of the regimental staff at the
maneuvers, and the secret mobilization
documents were stolen. A deserter named
Schloesser is suspected. He la believed to
have escaped to France." ,
ADDITIONS TO
THE DEATH ROLL
Widespread Disaster Along the
Coast of Newfoundland Due to
the ReceQt Hurricane.
ST. JOHN"?. N. F.. Sept. IS.— Reports received to-day add sixteen lives
to the death roll resulting from Thursday's hurricane. The schooner
r went down in Placentia Bay with five man; the schooner Lily
ren ashore on Mistaken Point, with the ioas of seven men
and the schooner Daisy lost one man overboard and subsequently a boat
capsiz
It is feared that even these casualties will not exhaust the tale of
disaster.
PROGRAMME FOR
THE NAVAL PARADE
Great Demonstration in
Dewey's Honor.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
NEW YORK. Sept. IS.— General Howard
Carroll to-day said that he -had roughly
outlined the programme for Friday's
naval parade in the Dewey celebration.
He said the official visit to the Olympia
would be made about 11:30 in the morning.
The parade will start about 1 in the after
noon, and the column will be headed by
a derail of police boats and fire boats.
The tire boats will shoot streams of water
as a warning to all craft to keep out of
the way. Then will come Admiral
Dowey'a flagship, the Oiympla. escorted
by the official boat, the Sandy Hook.
Behind the Olympia. in column, will be
the New i'ork, Indiana. Massachusetts,
Brooklyn, Texas and tlve revenue cutters,
three army transports, six torpedo-boats,
the yachts, marshaled by J. Pierpont
Morgan's yacht, the Corsair, followed by
the Erin with Sir Thomas Lipton aooard.
The merchant marine will bring up the
rear.
The fleet is to steam up North River to
a point opposite Grant's tomb, where the
floats emblematic of victory a-^d peace
will b.3 anchored. Members of the Arion
and Liederkranz societies will greet th«*
admiral with a hymn of welcome. The
warships wjll anchor in column with the
Olympia on the right and the yachts will
anchor inside the line. The other boats
will then tile slowly around the anchored
column, and the admiral. \' is expected,
will review the procession from the bridge
of the Olympia.
a - the boats file around the Olympia
they are to- steam back to the lower bay
to take part in the display of fireworks.
The programme for Saturday has been
changed so that the admiral shall arrive
from 'the Olvmpia at 9 o'clock In the morn-
Ing. He will be met at the Battery by
the committee of fifteen ami escorted to
the City Hall. Immediately after the pre
sentation of the city's loving cup the com
mittee and the admiral will drive to the
foot of Warren street and proceed to
Clar-mont by steamboat. Breakfast at
Claremont will be provided for 400 guests.
»
GENERAL MILES WILL
MARSHAL THE PARADE
WASHINGTON. Sept. IS. — Arrange- j
ments for the national reception to Ad- j
miral Dewey in this city October 2 and 3 !
are being rapidly completed. General i
Nelson A. Miles, the marshal of the pa- j
rade. has announced the selection of Ad- j
jutant General Corbin as his chief of I
staff and Major John A. Johnson. State !
adjutant general, as chief aide-de-camp, i
The parade will consist of about *).000
men representing military and naval, j
civic, patriotic. labor and secret organiza- j
tlons. The escort that will accompany
Admiral Dewey to the Capitol at noon on j
October 3, where he will be presented by
Secretary Long with the sword voted to i
him by Congress, will be mounted. an<i •
will consist of the siting Governors of ;
States and their staffs, representatives of
the army, the navy and the executive
branches of the Government, and promi
nent citizens of the capital.
Partial arrangements have been made
at the White House for the dinner which j
President McKinley will give Admiral !
Dewey. It will be held on the evening of !
October 3 at S o'clock in the state dining- .\
room. Th» list of guests will be limited i
to fifty, and will consist of prominent !
officers" of the navy and army and high [
officials of the Government. A few mvi- j
tations have already- zone out. They are j
not specially engraved, and simply extend
the President's invitation to be present, j
No members of the diplomatic corps will j
be pre9 * at .
«,
ROOSEVELT DECLARES
TWO LEGAL HOLIDAYS
ALBANY. N. T., Sept. I?.— Governor
Roosevelt to-day issued a proclamation
?etting apart Friday and Saturday. Sep
•.eraber 28 and 30. as holidays to be ob
•erved thro us t the State a3 days. of
_ -■■- in honor of the re
:-irn of Admiral George Dewey to the
L'nited States. This will make the days
ndicated legal holidays.
KELLER ADMITS
HE BLUNDERED
Did Not Know the Posi
tion of the Trains.
»
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BAKER3FTELD. Sept. IS.— The Famoso
wreck continues to be the topic of con
versation, and the majority of the- people
believe that the Porterville crew was re
sponsible for the awful happening- This
Is the opinion of such railroad men as
venture to give an opinion.
Station Agent T. A. Keller at Famoso
sticks to the story that he told Conductor
Kessler of the Porterville .train that No.
S had orders to wait at Famoso for the
*xtra freight. He said he heard the order
going over the wires from Kern, but had
given Kessler no written orders.
"When you dropped the semaphore and
showed a clear track did you know that
Kessler'3 train was on the main line?"
"Why. certainly not; I thought the main
line clear when I dropped it," was the
reply. "Further I did not know that
Kessler was going to take the time of No.
S when I told him it was going to wait
for a freight." Agent Keller did not know
whether the order he heard for No. • to
stop at Famoso had ever been counter -
manded or not.
A gentleman with a very good knowl
edge of Southern Pacific ways said to
day he did not think that any. one would
be discharged by the railroad on account
of the wreck, as at the damage suit
likely to follow the men may tell some
thing the company did not want known.
He intimated that an attempt may be
made to saddle the blame of the wreck
on dead Engineer" Wright. The com
munity is greatly dissatisfied over the
wav the coroner's inquest turned out. It
wanted more facts brought out.
BIG BLAZE AT WILLOWS.
WILLOWS. Sept. IS.— Fire broke out in
the basement of Hochheimer & Co. 'a bl^
department store early this morning. For
two hours the fire raged In the basement
and the second floor. The dry roods,
men's furnishing: and shoe departments
on the second floor were completely
rutted- The grocery department suffered
considerable damage.
Wells. Fargo & Co.'s Express and the
Postal Telegraph Company's offices also
suffered from the fire „„,» _
" The loss is estimated at $40,000. The
building and contents are insured tor
$*>.<»>• I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBEE 19, 1899.
RODDEN'S ACTION
IS DENOUNCED
Citizens Disgusted With
the Judge.
Ec«sclai Dispatch to The CalL
SAN RAFAEL. Sept. 18.— The Call's ex
pose of Judge Rodden's bold attempt to
throttle justice and determine the guilt
of a defendant who had not even been
heard in court was a shock to the law
respecting and liberty-loving' people of
this community. San Rafael was astound
ed a: the revelations, and solid citizens
expressed shame that they had voted
such a man as Redden into the respons
ible position of Justice of the Peace.
The town with one voice has denounced
his action in the Perkins case. They char
acterize it as a high-handed outrage such
as no law-abiding community can afford
to tolerate. A repetition of his offense
againsr decency and Justice would go
hard with Rodden while his fellow towns
men are in their present frame of mind.
The city which has been his home for th«
past twenty-two years is not proud of
him now. His neighbors have no kind
words to say for him in the hour when
his shame has brought a reflection on the
courts of Mails County. No excuses are
offered for him; none can be. His offense
is not a trilling- matter, and the proof of
his guilt is too positive to be contro
verted.
Within a few minutes after the arrival
of the train which brought the morning
papers the news of The Call's expose was
on every lip. Copies .of the paper were
sought with eagerness, and every word
or: the arraignment of Rodden was read
with breathless interest. The citizens
were not long in appreciating the enor
mity of -•-- The proof was there,
and neither Et dden nor a possible friend
made any attempt to deny it-
Excitement ran high. On every street
comer, in the stores and other public
places men congregated and discussed the
raw work of Rodden. They had heard ru
mors of such things before, but never
had the proof been presented until The
Call laid bare tne rottenness of the Rod
den court.
The disgraced Judge, after reading of
his own shame, presented a spectacle that
in any other Instance would have excited
the compassion of men whose heart 3
might have been made of mud. He ran up
and down the streets like a madman,
searching in vain for a friend who might
offer him condolence. His acquaintances
took him to task for his actions, and no
where could he find a place of refuge
from the scorn of his fellow citizens. The
expose will have the effect of remedying
an evil in the machinery of the Just
Court of San Rafael, for the people will
see to it in the future that «very defend
ant will be given a hearing before judg
ment is passed upon him. and that the
Judge will not be allowed to use his
power to punish his real or fancied ene
mies.
Despite the fact that Rodden has held
Perkins to answer to a charge of criminal
libel the preliminary hearing will not take
place until next Friday morning, and then
it will not be In the court presided over
by the biased and vindictive magistrate.
FOR BETTER ROADS.
Plan, for a Sprinkling System in
Yolo County.
WOODLAND. Sept. IS.— The agitation In
favor of sprinkling the main roads of the
county is --"•.. All the local
newspapers and many of the heaviest tax
payers advocate it on the srround of econ
omy as well as comfort and convenience.
At a meeting of the Board of Supervi
sors held to-day a strong letter written.
by Attorney N. a Hawkins was read pro
testing against a reduction of the tax
levy for road ----- - and urging the.
board to prepare to sprinkle the main
«
Child Dies From Burns
LOS ANGELES, Sept. IS.— Katie Kolb,
the flve-year-old daughter of Joseph
Kolb, 1 laborer living at 2119 Violet street. \
died yesterday afternoon from injuries j
received three weeks ago. The child '
stepped into a bed of hot coals where a I
pile of rubbish had been burned. She
was •ken home, where family remedies
were applied. Last Saturday she had
grown so much worse that Dr. Sykes was
sent for. He found that blood poisoning i
had set in and advanced to such a stage
that the little girl could not live.
DEMOCRATS OF
THE NATION
Officers of the Chief
Committees.
•
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
CHICAGO, Sept. John G. Johnson
of Pea body. Kans., to-day was made the
executive officer of the Democratic Na
tional Committee. He will take charge
of the active work of the ways and
means and press committees, and within
two weeks will come to Chicago to open
headquarters. Mr.' Johnson's selection as
the executive officer of the National Com
mittee under Chairman Jones is consid
ered a triumph for the members of the
committee who have been working to
ward harmony in the party. To empha
size the fact that they want all Demo
crats "to get together" next year, the
national committeemen adopted a "har
mony" call. The "call" urges the Demo
crats of the nation to put aside all dif
ferences. Especially is an appeal made
to the Kentucky Democrats to support
Mr. Goebel ' and thereby make a sure
Democratic victory in the State and the
return of Senator Blackburn to the Sen
ate of the United States.
The executive committee, ways artQ
means committee and press committee
were In session ail day. The nearest ap
proach to friction came In the executive
committee, when George Fred Williams
was asked why the Massachusetts Demo
crats were to select delegates to the Dem
ocratic National Convention next Thurs
day, months before the national conven
tion was called. It is said that Mr. Wil
son admitted that John R. McLean had
some ground for charging that the Massa
chusetts Democrats had taken "snap
judgment," but -insisted that the Bryan
Democrats feared that the anti-Bryan
men might get the delegation away from
them if the election of national delegates
was put oft until next year.
Mr. Williams.- just before leaving for
home, said that the Republicans had
passed a law which provided that only
two political conventions should be held
in any one year by any one party, and If a
convention were held next year to elect
national delegates the Democrats would
not be able to hold the other two neces
sary nominating conventions.
Bos-well P. Flower's Estate.
WATERTOWN, N. V.. Sept. 13.—
appraisal of the property of- the late Ros
well P. Flower puts its value at J3,000.9«»3.
on the basis of what stocks were worth
en May 12 last.
PHILIPPINE
COMMISSIONERS
COMING HOME
Colonel Denby and Dean
Worcester Leave for a
Short Time.
WORK NOT COMPLETE
Monitor Monterey and Gunboat
Concord Sail for Snbig Bay to
Reduce Insurgent Works.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
MANILA, Sept. IS. — Colonel Den by
and Dean Worcester of the Philippine
Commission sailed for home to-day. All
the attaches of the commission remain
here. Colonel Denby said he expected
to return, as the work would not be
finished until peaceful relations with
the Filipinos had been re-established
and civil government takes the place of
military.
Since Professor Schunnan left hers
Messrs. Denby and Worcester have
been continuing to assist the milltary
ln the establishment of local civil gov
ernment. They have also continued
the work of collecting material con
cerning the resources of the islands,
their government by the Spanish, and
whatever other points are likely to be
bt srrvi*"e to Americana in providing 1 a
permanent form of administration.
The commission has the views of many
prominent Filipinos and is prepared to
submit an exhaustive report to Con
gress.
The monitor Monterey and the gun
boat Concord sailed for Subig Bay this
morning to assist the cruiser Charles-
D reducing the insurgent works
there. The Zafiro took a landing party
of 300 marines.
CHINA PROTESTS AGAINST
OTIS' EXCLUSION ORDER
WASHINGTON. Sept. IS.— The imperial
Chinese Government, through Its Minister
here, Wu Ting Fang, has lodged with the
State Department an emphatic protest
against the military order of General Otis
excluding Chinese from the Philippines.
Neither the State Department nor the
Chinese legation will give any informa
tion concerning the protest, but from en
tirely reliable quarters It Is learned that It
insists that General Otis' action is con
trary to international law. In violation of
existing treaties and in complete disre
gard oi the friendly relations which have
been so long maintained between the two
countries. Minister Wu called ... State
Department last Friday and it is be
lieved he submitted the protest in per
son at that time.
The matter was promptly brought to the
attention of the President, as the protest
was of such a character as to give the
subject an international aspect consider
ably beyond the purely military questions
involved. It is raid that China points out
that she has welcomed the recent advent
of th- United States into the affairs of
the far East, and has hoped that this step
would prove a further bond and would
extend the relations between the two
countries, particularly in their neighbor-
In? possessions. Furthermore. It Is under
stood that among the specific points of
protest submitted by the Chinese Govern
ment is one to the effect that such an
order is a departure from the announced
purpose of the President of the United
States to maintain the present status of
affairs in the Philippines until Congress
has determined a permanent condition.
The military phases of the question have
been referred to Secretary Root. Owing
to his familiarity with International law
he probably will consider the subject
broadly, both in its international a3 well
as its military aspects.
General Otis' order was issued some
time ago, without direction from Wash
ington, and apparently as a military ne
cessity, although the Chinese protest
ursres that there is no such military
necessity, but, on the contrary, that the
Chinese have rendered valuable military
assistance.
Genera] Otis' order is signed by himself
as military- governor of the Philippines
and by "Brigadier General Charles A.
Whittaker as Collector of Customs, hav
ing supervision of Chinese affairs. It
says: "The laws of the United States
which prohibit the entrance of Chinese
will be enforced here."
The decree then except! such Chinese
as have previously lived in the Philip
pines and who hold certificates showing
this fact. It also except? Chinese of
ficials, travelers, etc., excepted under the
treaty between the United States and
China. Provision is made for registering
the Chinese in the Philippines and their
deportation to China in case of failure to
refrister. As very few Chinese other than
those now in the Philippines come within
the exception, the effect of the decree is
to make the exclusion practically abso
lute.
m
DEATHS AMONG TROOPS
IN THE PHILIPPINES
"WASHINGTON. Sept. IS.— ln a cable
gram to-day General Otis announces the
following deaths since last report:
Nephritis, acute, September 9. James M.
Leach. Company A. Seventeenth Enfa -
13th. Jin-.- O. Higgina. Company C,
Twenty-first Infantry. Pneumonia — 3d,
William B. Goldthwaite. recruit. Twenty
third Infantry; >th. Henry Br<:k. Com
pany A. Nineteenth Infantry. Homicide,
shot by a comrade at Pasay. 10th. Charles.
F VV mpany C, Fourth Cavalry.
Typhoid ferer— l2th, Corpora] Matthew
Kelliher, Company L, Seventeenth Infan
try: John W. Hayes. Company B. Ninth
Infantry. Dysentery, chronic — Quarter
master Sergeant James Harrington, Com
pany \ Fourteenth Infantry; Btn, Ser
geant Martin Miller, Company E. First
Artillery , Conley A. Ingle. Company G.
■ith Infantry: 14th. Wm. T. Henry.
Company D. Fourth Infantry; Wth. Cook
Georii - - Twenty-second
Infantry. Fever, remittent malarial— l2th,
Otto Johnson. Company F. Fourteenth In
fantry: 13th, Henry L. M.^Mallon. Com
pany X, Twelfth Infantry. Meningitis,
cerebral. 14th, Frank Sell. Company B.
Fourtenth Infantry. Diarrhea, sub-acute,
15th, Philip Morris, Company L, Fourth
Infantry.
PROTEST AGAINST THE
DESECRATION OF CHURCHES
ST. PAUL., Minn., Sept. IS.— The annual
convention of the German Catholic Cen
tral Society met to-day in the Church of
the Sacred Heart. Vicar General John N.
Stariha officiating.
A resolution vigorously protesting
against the alleged sacrilegious desecra
tion of Catholic sanctuaries in the Philip
pines by American soldiers was intro
duced. ''
BRITISH SHIPS CHASED
BY AMERICAN GUNBOATS
HONGKONG, Sept. IS.— The American
grunboat Pampanga has chased the Brit
ish steamer Yuen Sang from Manila to
Hongkong. The g-unboat sighted the
steamer during the night of September 13
about thirty miles off the north coast of
the island of Luzon, and suspected that
she was a filibuster. The Pampanga
fired threo shots, which the Yuen Sang
disregarded, until the third shell exploded
near her. She then stopped, and the com
mander of the gunboat boarded the Yuen
San?, found he had make a mistake and
apologized.
An American gunboat, name unknown,
followed the British steamer Diazate,
NOVEL PLANS FOR
NEW BATTLESHIPS
Vessels Designed to Have Speed
as Well as Great Figbting
Ability.
> WASHINGTON, Sept. IS.— The naval engineers have projected plans
» for the new battleships which, if adopted, will provide an entirely novel
I type of the navy. The purpose is to have these ships combine in them
selves the good qualities of battleship and armored cruiser. The aim
will be to have the highest possible speed for such ships, in this case
1 twenty knots per hour. This will be attained by the use of triple screws,
' two small side screws for use in ordinary cruising- and a big central
1 screw to add to the propulsive force in case high speed is needed. The
i ships would be of 14.000 or 15,000 tons displacement and with seven
i inches of the latest armor would be almost as strong in defense as a
! regular battleship. The coal capacity would be about 2000 tons — sufficient
at ordinary cruising speed to carry the ship ten or fifteen thousand miles.
bound from Manila to Hongkong. Tae
warship sighted the steamer near Snbig
Bay during the night of September lt> and
whistled signals to stop. The signals
were disregarded, and the gunboat ran
alongside the Diamte, getting so dGse
that her guns tore away the Diamte's out
raging. Her passengers were thrown into
a panic. The "gunboat, on learning vie
identity of the steamer, shored off.
CONTINUED RAINS
BLOCK OTIS' PLANS
' -WASHINGTON, Sept. IS.— According to
official advices received at the War De
partment to-day. General Otis has been
disappointed In carrying out several mili
tary movements contemplated at this
time by reason of continued rains. He
fears now that the American troops will
be able to do little if anything in the way
of aggressive action before the 1st of No
vember. The authorities had hoped to
get news of several important engage
ments, the plans of which they have
known for some time, during the present
month. In some respects they consider
that delay will be beneficial. By the 1st
of November General Otis will have 10.000
more men than he has at the present time
and will therefore be able to put a larger
army in the field and. begin a much more
aggressive campaign than is possible at
the present time.
_
THIRTY-THIRD INFANTRY
PASSES LOS ANGELES
LOS ANGELES. Bept 13.— The Thirty
third Infantry Volunteer Regiment, re
cruited in Texas, passed through this city
•^ special trains over the Southern
Pacific route. The first train passed here
yesterday morning at i o'clock, the second
at 1 o'clock this morning, the third at 3
o'clock and the Last two at *:30 and 10.00
to-day. All on board are well.
WILLING TO RELEASE
ALL SPANISH PRISONERS
LONDON*. Sept. is.— A dispatch to Ren
ter's Telegram Company from Hongkong
says: Advices from Manila announce that
Asuinaldo Is willing: to release all sick
and civilian Spanish prisoners, but it is
added Major General Otis refuses to allow
Spanish vessels to proceed Jo Filipino
ports to receive them.
THE SOLACE HAS
ARRIVED AT YOKOHAMA
WASHINGTON*. Sept. IS.— The Solac.
has arrived at Yokohama on her wa]
from ilaniia to San Francisco.
COUNTY SUPERVISORS
FIX THE TAX RATES
In Many Places the Rate Is Slig-htly
Below Last Year's
Levy.
TUBA CITY. Sept. 13.— The Board of
Supervisors to-day fixed the tax rate for
State and county purposes at $1 73. The
property valuation of the county is
REDDING. Sept. —At the meeting- to- j
day the Board of Supervisors fixed the I
county tax rate at $2 40 per $100 outside of !
Redding. Inside this city the rate will be |
$2 10.
MAP.YSVILLE. Sept. IS.— The Supervis
ors of Tuba County to-day fixed the '
county tax rate at $2 on the $100 of valu- I
ation, which is 20 cents less than last ■
year.
VISALJA. Sept. IS.— The Supervisors to
day fixed the rate of taxation at $1 65 out
side Incorporated towns. In incorporated
towns the rate is $1 3m.
MODESTO. Sept. 13.— The Stanislaus '
County Supervisors to-day fixed the rate I
of taxation for the fiscal year at $1 32 in- i
side the city limits and $1 55 outside. The
total, with the State rate added, is one S
cent and seven mills greater than last
year.
JACKSON*. Sept. 13.— Supervisors '
to-day fixed the tax rate for the State
and county at $2. This is 15 cents less than '
last year.
AUBURN. Sept. IS.— The Board of Su
pervisors to-day fixed the tax rate at $1 55.
which, added to the State tax. makes a j
total of $2 15. In the Incorporated towns
of Auburn, Lincoln and Rocklin the tax '
will be 30 cents less, which is the esti- I
mated amount for road purposes. In j
Auburn the city rate, including the High
From start to finish we protect OliSliis^^r
e l . cry customer. lip} |fr §^^w
The samples we furnish freely 11 k SIS
will allow him to ask any one "v^ff^ai*
about them — they can be compared /§/ ,| l Mss
with any other samples. : ■'-!» % : 'wl .
The cutting and making are «j \|| |
done in a first-class manner, be- |j' ■ \|l
cause we are at ail times within a j i i'J
year responsible for the wearing | 1,.;
of the suit.. - I | Pi
Money returned in the beginning |i K|j v -
to you if you would rather have it ji Wj:
than keep the suit. Jniij r 1|
Protection for you in every way.
S. N. WOOD & CO.,
718 Market and
Cor. Powell and Eddy.
ORPHAN CLAIMS
WERE DUPLICATED
West Oakland Home
Charged With Fraud.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. IS.— The claims
against the State for the support of or
phans and abandoned children sent In fay
the West Oakland Home for the six
months ending Jane 30. 1399, have not yet
been approved by the State Board of Ex
aminers, and there is no reason to expect
that they will be In the near future.
Since the receipt of the claims the ex
perts of the State Board have been busy :
on them, and according to their figures
the West Oakland Home for the half year
ending December 31. ÜBS, drew from the
State H')77 •' for support of orphans-, etc..
who were not then in the institution and j
some of whom had been discharged two |
years before, and .whose names, after
being dropped from the rolls for a period
of six months, were again entered and
funds collected on the entries. These
figures show that from July 1. HM to |
December 31, 1898, the Oakland institu- j
tion has collected altogether 51341 27 for
children who had been discharged and for '
the support of whom the institution was in I
no wise interested.
The figures in the office of the State
Board of Examiners also show that for
the half year ending June 30, 1899 claims '
aggregating $1143 37 were sent in by the '
West Oakland Home for the support of !
children previously discharged from the i
institution.
Th- figures show that there were thirty
two allesred fraudulent entries made, on
the majority of which the State for the
half year ending December 31. IS3B, paid ;
the usual quota, and they further show
that those entries, with two exceptions,
were duplicated and sent in as valid
claims against the State for the six'
months ending June 30, 1899.
Several inquiries have been made as to
the reason of the delay in approving the I
claims and the reply written to-day con- I
tamed a request to the institution to re- |
turn to the State the sum of $1341 27 which
it had wrongfully received.
School, will be not less than 51 05, bring
ing the total up to $2 90.
SAN DIEGO, Sept. Is.— The Supervisors
to-day fixed the tax rate for inside prop
erty at 99.9 cents: the State rate added
makes the total $1 60-. To this rate for
places outside incorporated cities 50 cents
for road purposes is added, making the
outside rate 52 10. , -• -' ; ■ .
RIVERSIDE. Sept. IS.— The Board of
Supervisors to-day fixed the tax rate at
$1 70 for inside cities and 52 for outside.
LOS ANGELES. Sept. IS.— The Board
of Supervisors to-day fixed the tax rate
for the ensuing year at 51 90 outside incor
porated cities.
SAN JOSE, Sept. IS.— Board of Su
pervisors fixed the tax rate for the ensu
ing year at $150 on each 5100 valuation.
Tlii* is 10 cents in excess of last year.
STOCKTON, Sept. .IS.— The Board of
Supervisors to-day fixed the rate of tax
ation for State and county purposes at
51 45 in the city of Stockton and $1 75 out
side, which includes the road tax. The
outside rate last year was $1 25, and left
a deficit, which accounts for the increase
this year.
MAHER AND M'KENZIE
HAD AN ACCOMPLICE
Urs. Estees Believed to Have Aided
the Men Accused cf Cattle
Stealing.
CARSON". Sept. !<-— Last week T
Sheriff Knoblock of this county arrested
two men in San Francisco for cattle
ag. Their names were Maher and
-zie. They were given a preliminary
hearing- to-<iay and held to await the ac
tion of the grand jury.
During the hearing testimony intro
■ brought out the fact that Mrs.
Emily Estees. a handsome woman, was
at the bottom of the crime and manipu
lated the • = whereby the cattle
were sold. Upon the close of the evidence
«he was placed under arrest. She is now
held in the county Jail awaiting rfve en
deavor of friends to furnish JIOOO bail. The
wV>man dates that she has evidence
which will drag others mto the case. Sne
has "a Dumber of friends who wi'.l put up
a strong fight for her.
ADVESTISEMEKTS. ■
SICK' HEADACHE
.Positively cored by these
tittle Pills.
They also relieve Distres4froni Dyspep«S^
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per*
fee* remedy far Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi.
cess, Bad Taste the Mouth, Coated Tcngoe
pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bawds. Purely Vegetable. t
Small Pin. Small Dose*
Small Price*
yjHHER|yjORTf
When requested, the resorts mentioned
in this column will send you circular*
giving full information regarding sp«*cial
advantages, rates, manner of reaching
them. etc. When writing please mention
The Call. '-■'-•"':";'-;.
I GO TO
Hotel del
Coronado
For your summer outing.
Best golf grounds in the State,
Unequaled fishing, sailing, cycling
hunting, bathing, etc
Reduced Summer Rates.
Apply 4 New Montgomery Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
../ETNA SPRINGS,.
For grand scenery, mv gorating
climate, health-giving waters and
good living spend a while at /Etna.
Rates. $10 to tU per week: S. P. to St. He-
lena at 7 a. m. cr 4 p. m. ; private rig to
springs: roar trip. S7. Apply "W. L. MITCH-
ELL. Aetna Springs. Napa Co.. or 1 H. SIMP-
SON*. I. O. O. F. building. San Francisco.
PARAISO
HOT SPRINGS
For the relief and cure of Rheumatism,
Gout, Diabetes, Bnghts and other renal
complaints. Asthma, Obesity and Chron-
ic Catarrn.
For further information address
J. PERRAULT. M.D.,
PARAISO SPRINGS.
Or office, city, No. 336 Sutter st
SKAGGS'HOTSPRINGS
SONOMA COCNTY; ONLY 44 HOURS
from San Francisco and but 9 miles' ataz-
hig:: waters noted for medicinal virtues: best
natural bath in State: swimming- and boat:-?:
gTand mountain scenery; good trout streams at
door: photographer's room, telephone, tele-
graph, daily mail and express; FIRST-CLASS
HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE; morning and
afternoon stajrea; round trip from San Fran-
cisco only $3 5(1 Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30
a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms. $2 a. day or It; a
week. References, any guest of the past four
years. Patronage constantly Increasing — la3t
year unprecedented. J. F. MTJLGREW, Prop.
SARATOGA SPRINGS, ass*
Up In t^ja mountains, near the
lakes arjd In tb« beart of Lal^a
CouQty's mineral belt. Tg!<,«
train via Ul<iab-
ROUND TRIP.-~59.50.
J. MABTESS, Prop.- City Ofise, 413 Ka« Stnst
HIGHLAND SPRINGS.
THE b*st Deer Hunting. Mineral "Waters.
Baths and accommodations In Lake Coun-
ty can be had at Highland Springs.
Fall terms. HO to 113 per week. Come whflo
the hunting la good. J. CRAIG. Manager.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spat to Yijii TMs Scmnntr. .
BOATS FREE TO GUESTS. FIXE FlSH-
ing. Excellent table. Clean beds and care-
ful attention to patrons. Climate perfect Six-
teen miles from Truckee. in the heart of the
Sierras and surrounded by magnificent trees of
an unbroken forest. The ideal spot for families
because it is clean, no poison oak. no pests.
and pore air and pure water. Mini MRS.
H. M. CLEM - Independence Lake.
BOCA HOTEL.
FDTEST HUNTING AND FISHING ON TITS
Truckee River; pleasant sunny rooms, good
boating en lake; boats free t6 guests, prices
reasonable, $8 to $10 per week; special rates for
families. W. J. McDONALD. Manager.
LAUREL DEL
LAKE AND HOTEL.
CLIMATE. SCENERY. ENTERTAINMENT:
none better in Lake Co. gas indoors and
out. . H. WAMBOLD.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
TWO TRAIN'S. DAILY. 7:30 A. M AND 4 P.
m. stage meets train at Napa City. AN-
DREW JACKSON. Napa Soda Springs P. O.
HOTEL SA>*TA CRCZ. Santa Crux. C*L
First-class Family and Commercial Hotel.
This hotel Is located on the corner at Locust
and Vine struts, one block from the Court-
house. Rates. J: to V. per day. Special rates
to families. CHARLES HENDERSON, KM
Montgomery st.
...DO NOT...
Be Without
"THE CALL"
During: Your Vacation.
Subscribers to 'The Call" visiting (J»
country, seaside cr springs durtn* the Sum-
mer months can have "The Call" to them
for a week or longer by prepaying for san»
I it the Business Office or by order throo»!»
i carrier.
-.TERMS...
15 Cents-,...—.. — .. per Week
65 Cents .^>-»pei» Mouth
rosTAGS rrtSFASO,
'-■■ J ' - "'.-.■■: ■ -■■' ' ■
34
iOest I
o
SHAMROCK
SAILS OVER
FULL COURSE
In a Piping Breeze the Chal
lenger Exhibits a Good
Deal of Speed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Sept. 18.— The weather
favored the Shamrock to-day In her first
trial over the full international course of
thirty miles. Bright sunshine, clear air
and a splendid Failing: ln\-zi' offered an
riuiiity, which the challenger used
;'.r a One display of speed.
Fifteen miles to windward wis marked
off by the tug Lawrence as the first ley of
the course. The yacht crossed an imag
inary line at Scotland lightship with a
south breeze blowing about eight knots
an hour, but the wind grew until, on the
homeward leg, It was blowing fully four
t< en knots.
On the windward leg I hours 15 minutes
and were occupied, though it
could have been made In somewhat less
time, as more distance was covered by
the yacht than was actually necessary.
The homeward U*g was accomplished in 1
■4 minutes and 10 seconds, of which
were with the spinnaker
yacht was leaving her
Fifty-eight minutes and ten sec
was a broad reach, which, it is con
tended, is the Shamrock's best point of
■ _•, and she went away like a hare,
t distancing the steamers accompa
nying her. In tl - ■ was moving
through tn> water at a little more than
thirteen knots an hour, giving an exhibi
tion indicative that when breezes pipe
the grei n cutter is likely to be found
ii dangerous antagonist. She used the
gaff strengthened by angle rims on Sat
urday at Robins' shipyard. The lacing of
the mainsail '■■■ was finished
early in the morning. Then the tug Law
rence towel the ya« ht off shore, and at 11
k Bail was made and the lines cast
uff.
The mainsail, which seemed faultless on
Friday, was somewhat rough on foot, but
during the day the wind smoothed out its
wrinkles. The club topsail sent up seemed
smaller than that used last week, but the
.j of the yacht had an admirable
racing look. But it did not require the
:' binoculars to show the existence
of water under the
Ii ;, rigging and the same quartering as
\ a.l i en. Thi se so-callt d
tent's model did not seem
ig her back to anj extent on her
•:, with the wind over the port
[BTOL., R. 1., Sept. 18.— A new main
sall was bent on the Columbia to-day,
•which is apparently much larger than any
used previously. From its appearance the
new sail Is of different quality than that
formerly used '>n the big boat,
lerably heavier.
WINS MONARCH STAKES.
McLeod of Dare in a Drive Defeats
Spirituelle.
NEW YORK. Sept. IS.— The Monarch
- for three-year-olds was the feat
ure on the card at Gravesend to-day,
lour accepted the Issue, but a good
race resulted. Spirituelle was made equal
'<■ with Martimas, while McLeod of
had some following. The rlrsr
two raced neck and neck around the near
turn and up the backPtretch, first one and
then the other showing in front. Maher
rated McLeod of Dare along a length and
a half behind. He made his run as they
rounded into the stretch and quickly
ni'ivc-d up to the leaders. Spirituelle had
Martimas beaten at this point, but did
i oi have enough !• ;: to .stand the second
McL< od of I>are won driv
ii, with Martimas third,
enlnd Bpirituelle. Prince
Ighted and never was
• >r. Results:
Five turl ngi— Cleora won, Affected second,
• 3-5.
■ and one sixteenth miles— Rush won,
. |an second. Tin-.<-. : (8 1-5.
.p. five and one-half furlong?—Calme
; . ; thian third.
Time. :
The Monarch, one and one-sixteenth miles—
M Leod of Dare won, Bpirituelle second, Mar
timas third. Time, 1:48 2-5.
One and •« Qth mile? The Roman
won ' andleblack second, chapp&iiua third.
Time, 1:49.
Ab mt six furlongs, selling— Judge Warden
won, Bkyacraoer second. The Star of Bethle
hem third. Time. 1:11.
CHI< AGO, Sept. IS.— Weather cloudy; tracl
heavy. Results:
One mile— What-T-Lou won, Bishop Ree<
BCflond, Goodrich third. Time, l:4--«.
Four and one-half furlongs— Avenstoke won
Gussie Fay second, Capron third. Time, :59.
Seven furlongs— Sam Lazarus won. Sea Lioi
second, Xewsgatherer third. Time, 1:32?;.
Six furlongs, Felling— Harry Thoburn won
Montgomery second, Mocorito third. Time
I:lS'4-
One mile and twenty yards, Belling— Anno
wan won, Blue Lick second, Lillian Reed third
Time, 1:61%.
Six furlongs. Belling— Little Jack Homer won
Jim Gore II second, Hermoso third. Time
1:80 Vs.
BUFFALO, Sept. 18.— The best racing for
many a day was seen at the Fort Erie track
to-day. Bellrunch really won the last race;
but Jockey James was disqualified for fouling
In the stretch. Summaries:
One mile — Maunette won. Freak second
Venlock third. Time, 1:41V4.
Five furlongs— Fairy Dell won. Sauce Boat
second. Miss Hudson third. Time, 1:0214.
Mile— Flying Bess won, Knnomla second. Ar
quebus third. Time, I:4<H4.
Six and a half furlongs— The Light won,
Corialis second. Bloodhound third. Time, 1:20^4
Five furlongs— Jene won. Dally Report sec
ond, Alary Orendorf third. Time, 1:02.
One mile — Sallie Lamar won. Branch second
Windward third. Time, 1:42*;.
CYCLE RACE DATES.
Annual Wheeling Events to Be Run
in October.
A special meeting of the directors of
the California Associated Cycling Clubs
was held last evening in the Parrott
building for the purpose of setting defi
nite dates for three big racing events of
the association which are due at this
time of the year annually. It was finally
decided, after much discussion, to hold
the twenty-mile team race on October 8
and the ten-mile handicap on the 15th
The date for the fifty-mile track race was
not set positively, as Delegate Lamkln
from San Jose offered a proposition' that
the race be held in that city instead of
here, and held out such Inducements that
the directors decided to withhold final
action until their next meeting.
Robert M. Welch made an impassioned
speech in favor of the association turn
ing over its race control to the National
Cycling Association and devoting Its en
ergies to road Improvement and similar
pastoral pursuits. Charles Albert Adams
opposed this plan, stating that now that
the association had achieved its ends in
securing control of the sport on this
coast it should continue its management.
The matter was finally left open for the
delegates to ruminate about until the next
meeting.
The delegates present were: Paul M.
Nippert, Robert M. Welch, Charles Albert
Adams, Stanley G. Scovern, T. G. Spil
lane, W. L. Loos, Edwin Goeller, Dr. E.
T. Mervy, Herbert D. Clark. J. J. B. Ar
gentl, J. B. Lamkin and H. W. Spald-
Ing.
Pears'
Soap not only for toil-
et and bath but for
shaving. Pears was
the inventor of shav-
ing sticjc soap.
jCatcot Z/iecorda //fade in the of Sport
TOMMY RYAN
BESTS "COFFEE
COOLER" CRAIG
Syracuse Lad Gives the Ne
gro a Terrible Drubbing
in the Ring.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Sept. Tommy Ryan,
the Syracuse middle-weight pugilist, grave \
Frank Craig, the Harlem "Coffee Cooler,"
a terrible drubbing before 7000 persons at
the Coney Island Sporting Club to-night.
Craig only recently returned from Eng
land, where he has been making quite a
reputation and plenty of money tor some
three years past.
Craig was introduced as Frank Craig of
England, and this announcement proved
some merriment, and a good deal of hiss-
Ing.
Both men were in splendid condition,
and each when he weighed In two hours
before the tight was under 158 pounds.
That Ryan would defeat Craig was gen
erally believed, but from tn«- glowing ac
counts of Craig's doings among the
Britons every one looked tor a much bet
ter, light thai, that which the colored man
put up. He knocked Ryan down in the
second round, but never afterward aid he
hold the upper hand.
Ryan's fast work in the fourth round
told on Craig, and two heavy rights over
the art at tin opening of the filth round
did not improve his condition. Ryan's
left played a tattoo on Craig's face, and
the colored man began spitting blood.
In the sixth Ryan sent his right under
the jaw and uppercut his opponent with
his left on the lace. This brought more
blood from Craig's mouth and two more
jabs made him wild. Puling the next two
rounds Ryan kept the negro busy trying
to protect himself.
Round 9— Ryan sent right and left three
times to the head. Then he sent Craig to
the floor with a right swing. Craig re
mained down about eight seconds and
then dropped three times on one knee to
escape punishment. Ryan finally got him
up and pummeled him with right and left.
Craig seemed to be quitting and dropped
twice more. Ryan and Craig fell and
Craig lay on top, hugging Ryan's body
with his arm until the referee got them
apart at the bell. Craig staggered about
blindly and Ryan awaited an opportunity
for a swine:.
Round Ryan lost no time in going
for his man. He rushed him and Bent
both hands to the head and body. Craig
landed two wild swings on Ryan's head
and shoulders, but Ryan kept punching
him all over the ring. Craig daggered
about blindly. Tommy landed a right on
the side of Craig's head, the "Cooler"
falling in a heap. He got up on the tenth
second and Ryan rushed at him again,
but Referee Siler set-ing that Craig was
unable to defend himself stepped between
the men and declared Ryan the winner.
Time of last round two minutes thirty sec
onds.
GOOD PLAYING ON
EASTERN DIAMONDS
NATIONAL. LEAGUE PL.ATINO.
Hubs— W. U Pet. I Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ...M 3S .702 Chlca|?o 67 64 .512
Philadelpha S3 49 .620 Plttsburg ...63 69 .477
Boston SO 51 .611 Louisville ..61 7
Baltimore ..75 53 .557 New Y0rk... 53 75 .414
Bt LiOUie 75 53 ..'S9 Washington 49 SO .37S
Cincinnati ..73 60 .549 Cleveland ..20 119 .144
BALTIMORE, Sept. 18.— Until the eiphth
Inning of to-day's contest Friske, with superb
support, had the Orioles shut out. Three «in
gle.« and a brace of errors tied the Reds' score.
In the ninth two singles and a force hit s?av»
Baltimore the game. Attendance 1300. Score:
Clube— R. H. E.
Cincinnati 2 6 2
Baltimore 3 7 1
Batteries— Friske and Peltz; McGlnety and
Smith. Umpires— Sny<lt>r and MoGarr.
BROOKLYN", Sept. IS.— Chicago played
Brooklyn to a standstill to-day. The Brook
lyns had a lead of eight to three up to the sev
enth, when the Chicagos hammered Kennedy
out of the box and then took the lead by ten
to eight when Dunn went Into the box In the
Hsrhifc. A single by Dunn, Kelly* ■ triple and
an out tied th<* score In Brooklyn 6 half. Then
the game was called. Lange's hitting was a
feature. Two games will be played to-mor
row. Attendance 2GOO. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago io ii 3
Brooklyn 10 i« 6
Batteries — Griffith and Chance; Kennedy,
Dunn and McGuire. Umpires— Latham and
Connolly.
BOSTON, Sept. 18.— Boston and Pittsburg
split even to-day. Lewis had the first game
well !n hand up to the ninth Inning, when he
went into the air and allowed Pittsburg to
score four runs and win the game. In the
second Boston drove Hoffer from the box In the
second inning, and Chesbro, who succeeded him,
was almost as easy. Willis kept Pittsburg' 8
hits well scattered. The second game was
called in the eighth lnnlnlg on account of dark
ness. Score, first game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Boston » 7 0
Pittsburg 7 11 2
Batteries— Lewis and Sullivan; Gray and
Schrlver. Umpires— O' Day and McDonald.
Second game:
Clubs— H- H. E.
Boston H 12 S
Plttsburg 4 11 2
Batteries— "Willis and Bergen; Hoffer, Ches
bro and Bowerman. Umpires— O' Day and Mc-
Donald.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 18.— Phillppi was a
mystery to the h^avy-hlttlng Phillies to-day
and the Ramr resulted In a victory for Louls
vllle IWnhardt pitched well, but was hit at
opportune times. Attendance 3795. Score:
clubs— R- H. E.
UouisvlHe 6 11 2
Philadelphia 18 3
Batteries— Phlllppl and Steelman; Bernhardt
and Douglass. Umpires— Swartwgod and
Smith.
WASHINGTON, Sept. IS— Cipveland won the
first game to-day in the tenth Inning, when
Powd scored on a single by Hemphlll. This
was Cleveland's first victory since August 25.
The game was characterized by poor playing
in both sides. Cleveland started well In the
second game, but very stupid playing In the
Feventh Inning allowed ■Washington to capture
the game with ease. The game was called In
th« ••'.xhth inning on account of darkness.
Fi««man'i batting was the feature of the
games. Attendance 1100. Score, first game:
Clubs— R. H. B.
"Washington 4 12 2
Cleveland 5 8 2
Batteries— McGee and Kittredge; Harper and
Sugden. T"T*plre— Dwyer.
geeond game:
Clubs— IV H. E.
Washington S 12 3
Cleveland B 13 4
Batteries— IMneen and McManus: Hughey,
McAllister Bnd Pugden. Umpire— fiwyer.
RENO WHEELMEN WIN
FROM THE OAKLAND MEN
The Acme Club Team Loses the Fifty -
Mile Belay Race by Two and
a Half Miles.
RENO, Nev., Sept. 18.— The Reno Wheel
men beat the Acme Club of Oakland In a
fifty-mile relay race to-day over two and
a half miles.
Oakland was beaten in every relay, and
had no chance. :■-:■
» .
INTERCLASS FOOTBALL.
The Old Custom Will Be Revived at
Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 18.—
Manager Berry, on advice of Coach
Chamberlin, has decided to revive the
custom of interelasß football games. For
the last two years these games have
been omitted from the general pro
gramme of gridiron events on account of
the danger of Injury to varsity players.
Chamberlin feels that this Is the most
successful way to get all the available
material upon the field, besides heighten
ing the interest in the game. The series
will consist of three games, all t < > be
played before the annual freshman game
First the freshmen play the sophomores'
then the Juniors play the seniors, finally
the two winning teams meeting for tho
college championship.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, IS»9.
ALTO MILO, THE CRACK
ST. BERNARD, IS DEAD
0 * LTO MILO (A. K. S. C. B. 42,955), the crack St. Bernard owned by Jo- #
+ A seph Cutten of this city, died last Friday of paralysis. Alto Mllo was +
0 / \ live >ears old and was justly regarded as the great sire of the century y
♦ / I in his class. He was purchased a year ago in Toledo, Ohio. Mr. Cutten X
v X A paying Mrs. Lee, the well-known breeder of St. Bernards, $1000 for x
Q him, and this price was justified by the dog's ancestry as well as by £
•♦- his achievements on the bench. . ♦
Q Alto Milo's sire was Judith's Sir Bedlvere, by the champion of champions, G
X the Great Sir Bedlvere, cut of the Illustrious Judith. Milo's darn was the cole- X
5 brated Santa Rosa, by champion Victor Joseph, out of Noble Ida. Alto Mllo
0 was claimed by the most expert Judges of dogs in the country as the moat o
V perfectly formed St. Bernard in the United States, and hie most severe critics >
0 could find but one point in his make-up with which they could find fault; that C»
X alleged weak poini was his muzzle, which some considered too short; and yet X
5 Milo's short muzzle was considered one of his sti-ongeel points by such ex- i
O perts as Mrs. Lee and James "Martlmeo, both of whom are (.very where recog- Q
X nized as authorities on St. Bernards, -f
O Alto Mllo won a first and a special prize for the best St. Bernard at the O
♦ Indianapolis bench show In 1897, :'- 1 " 1 ;l! the St. Louis show in the same year t
© he took first prize and several special prizes. At Of and Rapids, Mich., in LB9B, ~
■f he took second prize in the open class, being compelled to play second fiddle J.
O to Duke Wadsworth on account of his alleged defective muzzle. This was his "
-f only defeat, and the decision of the judges was the subject of a great deal of X
O unfavorable comment among expert dug fanciers. - +
■f Alto Milo's progeny have Bcored remarkably well oh this coast. At the 6
© recent San Francisco bench show Ilhyn, one "f his sims. took 'the first and a ■♦
X Special prize for the best smooth coat dog and a special for the best dog pup- O
y py Gringo another sun. was awarded the red ribbon in «he smooth-coated X
is puppy elasa' while in the rough-coated puppy class Duk< Milo took llrst prize V
X for dogs and Princess Milo second prize fur bitches. Q
STELZNER
IS DEFEATED
BY RUHLIN
The Ohio Giant Badly Pun
ishes His Opponent in
Seven Rounds.
gpecial Dispatch to The Call.
DENVER, Sept. IS.-Gus Ruhlin de
feated Jack Stelzner in a contest to-night
before the Olympic Athletic Club, the
decision being given in his favor in the
seventh round. Stelzner, though game,
was clearly too weak to last much longer,
and Referee Masterson's decision was
Me ce d C X2ntage at
the oi set and had his own way most at
the time "afterward, but at that could not
knock out Stelzner. In the beginning
Ruhlln omitted the customary .sparring
and rushed at Stelzner, knocking him
down with a stiff left. Jack was up again
in a few seconds and Ruhlln, with another
rush, floored him again. Stelzner re
mained down eight econda and by clever
ducking and dodging saved him* fur
ther punishment until the bell rang.
After this the fight was one-sided. Run
lin did most of the leading, though oc
casionally Stelzner would ray with a
good punch. In the fourth round Ruhljn
hit Stt-lzner exactly fourteen times on the
face and jaw. though not flooring him.
In the. fifth Stelzner went down from a
right uppercut and was saved by the bell.
Alain In the sixth he was floored, and
getting up, missed a lead and fell from
W After S Ruhlin had floored Jack twice in
the seventh the fight was stopped and the
decision given to Ruhlln. Stelzner was
in y th P e U prenminary Willard Bean of Salt
like the "preacher 11 pugilist, knocked
out Billy Layton of Denver in the third
round. .
PARIS TO WITNESS A
BULL-FIGHTING FIESTA
Great Preparations Are Being Made
and an Amphitheater to Accom
modate 10,000 Ready.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gordon
Bennett.
PARIS, Sept. 18.— Paris is again to see
a bull-fight. As a matter of fact, it will
not be tn the city, but on its doorstep,
that is to say, at Enghein. There a plaza
is to be built to accommodate 10.000 spec
tators The first "fiesta" is to take place
on October 1. Four espadan have been
engaged— Minuto, Montcs and Ouerrento
(all Spaniards) rind Felix Robert, a
Frenchman and the only French matador,
in fact as he has received the accolade,
or what is its tauromaehic equivalent,
the "alternatlvo," in Madrid. This, in the
bull-fighting world, corresponds to an
Italian prlma donna's debut at the Scala
in Milan In the palmy days of Bellinlan
There is sure to be a howl about this
bull-fighting festival, but it is hard to see
h.>w the law is to stop it here, when it is
allowed every Sunday all over France.
TARGET PRACTICE.
A Brigade With Only One Regiment
Ordered to Parade by Regiments
for the Shoots.
Colonel A. K. Whitton, commanding
the Second Brigade, N. G. C, in the ab
sence of Brigadier General Warfield, is
sued the following order yesterday, un
der date of the 14th Inst., in relation to
target practice:
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE.
General Orders No. 7—
In compliance with law and General Or
ders No. 9 from General Headquarters, the
troops of this brigade will parade during
the months of September, October and No
vember for target practice. The parade
will be by regiments at such time during
these months as the regimental command
ers may designate. Commanders will sea
that the practice Is held under the super
vision of their respective inspectors of rifle
practice. All practice will bo under the di
rection of Major H. B. Hosmer, brigade
Inspector of rifle practice, or such , officers as
may be detailed by these headquarters. Of
ficers and men must be In uniform while
shooting.
Troop A, cavalry, and the . Signal Corps
of the Second Brigade will parade for tar
get practice during the last week of each
of the above months. Practice will be un
der the supervision of Major H. B. Hos- .
mer or an officer detailed by these head
quarters. |
There is but one regiment in the Sec
ond Brigade at this time and it will not
parade "by regiments," as the several
companies will . have ' target practice in
their respective localities during the last
week in each of the months named. Com
pany A, under the supervision of : Lieu
tenant Borlini; B, Lieutenant Hunt; C
Lieutenant Cobbledick: E Major Julli- 1
ard; F. Lieutenant Wethern; <;, Lieuten
ant Vaughn, and H. Lieutenant de. Yoe.
-•; .... ; ■ - « ;
BELIEVE IT A PIPE DREAM.
I Police Fail to Corroborate an Erratic
Evening Paper's Story.
An erratic evening paper published a
| story last evening to the effect that a
Miss S. W. Williams, supposed to reside
on Clay Btreet, near Hyde, had been
beaten and nearly murdered by a saldier.
The story told of two sisters who were
followed by a man in the army uniform
for several blocks, and then of a brutal
assault upon one. of them because she re
fused to place a small donation Into an
outstretched hand. According to the ac
count th<- abused young woman hastened
to the residence of Dr. It. C, Meyers, her
physician, who could n<u tell at the press
hour of the erratic journal whether or not
the injuri< s would prove serious.
Lieutenant of Police Esola of the Cali
fornia-street station made an investiga
tion of the affair and was unable to get
corroboration of the Btory. At police
headquarters the story is pronounced a
fake. l>r. Meyers could not be found las'
evening. His cleric, however, disclaims
any knowledge "f the alleged assault and
one of them on duty last night stated
that while he was at work Sunday even-
Ing no woman applied at the drugstore
nor physician's office for medical treat
ment.
SUNDAY'S CALL can be pur-
chased from all agents and
newsdealers at 5c per copy.
Monterey's Ex-Tax Collector.
Charles L. Westlake, ex-Tax Collector
of Monterey County, has been successful
in his appeal to the Supreme < - "iirt from
a judgment sentencing him to live- years'
imprisonment and from an order denying
a new trial, lie was convicted of embez
zling $201. it was shown that he received
$IT2 for licenses, but later on he settled
in full. The Attorney General, in repre
senting the State, stated that there must
have been some very important testimony
omitted from the transcript, but while
satisfied that an embezzlement had been
committed by Westlake, the evidence as
presented in the transcript failed tn sub
stantiate tb< charge. The Supreme Court
directed thai the judgment and order of
the lower court lie reversed.
fit Cures Weak Men!
f ♦
f . I
t *^ 1111 v iloluUU* i
1 ~V& /r) You adjust the DR. SANDEN ELECTRIC I
t XM^Wt-r BELT to the body when retiring and wear it f
I my- "i F^ all night while asleep. f
I Jpi;. The Current Soothes I
i\U^\ and strengthens, passing through Kidneys, j
j\yj Liver Stomach, Bladder, Prostate Gland and :
\fv/ I all weakened parts, giving new strength. A 1
Jl \l positive cure for all results of youthful errors I
I f) or later excesses. Write to-day for free book I
♦ iiifflv '/ explaining all, sent by mail SEALED, or call I
t i"^ at office for free consultation. ?
t HR T A QANDFN 18 Third St - San Franohoo, Cal. I
t V ><^ Ul\m X« -«.• kl^&llX/JUl^ 9 Office Hours 9to 8. Sunday 11 to 1. .4
OPENING OF
THE RACES
AT STOCKTON
Everything Favorable to Ex
cellent Sport and Three
Favorites First.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, Sept. 18.— The opening day
of the racing under the auspices of the
Stockton Driving Club brought out what
was without doubt the largest initial day
crowd ever at the local park.
The betting was light and there Is every
indication that it will not improve in the
books.
The track ; was very fast and the
weather could not have been better for
the horses. Three favorites were first to
the wire, but only one of them was heav
ily played, and the books probably lost
more money on the victory of the sprin
ter New Moon in the seven furlong dash
than in the other two events. Daedalion
won the 2:30 pace off the reel, finishing
each heat under a strong pull, with
plenty to spare. Goldy, with Ed Lafferty
up' kept after the winner, but could not
force him to a break.
The betting on the first heat opened
with Daedalion a favorite at 10 to 1 for
the field, but before the horses were
given the word it was 10 to 10. The books
posted the following odds:
Daedalion 2 to .',. Gaff Topsail and Goldy
4 each and Clipper even money.
The exhibit! in the Agricultural Pa
vilion are all in place and never before in
the history of the building has there been
, such elaborate displays or so many of
them. A splendid programme has been
arranged for each evening. The racing
card at the track is a strong one of three
harness events— the 2:12 trot, 2:15 pace and
a match race — in addition to two dashes,
a five-furlong and a seven-furlong. The
summaries are as follows:
Pacing. 2:30 class; three in five; purse ?1000.
S. C. Tyron's Daedalion, Diablo-Grace
(Ed Donathan) 1 1 1
Golden MM Lafferty) *.... 2 2 2
Gaff Topsail (J. R. Smith) 3 3 3
Clipper (C. A, Durfee) 4 dr
Time— 2:l9, 2:23' / i, 2:23%.
Running, seven furlongs; three-year-olds;
purse $200.
.) I. Crook* a New Moon, Hyder All-Nauno
nia (TMil.tt l
Mike Rtce (Sullivan) 2
Alturas (Wlckline) 3
Time— l:Bß.
Alarln also ran.
Running, live furlongs; for all agps; purse
$200.
Crane & Owens' Amasa, Captain Al-Laly
Intruder (Sullivan) 1
Castellar [Fountleroy) '-
Jim Brownwell (Gilbert) 3
Tim.— l:o2.
OJai, Black Orphan, The Miller. Blydell, Isa
belle, Purnlah and Jennie Glbbs also ran.
MIDWEEK COURSING.
Fast Dog-s Will Compete at Union
Park To-Morrow.
The draw for the midweek stake to be
run off at Union Park to-morrow was
held last night with the following ' re
sults:
Joseph Thrift's Forgive vs. Handy & Smith's
Magi* : J. Keenan's Royal Oak v.=. E. M. Kel
logg*a lowa Girl; F. A. McComb's One Spot
vs. Handy & Smith's Free and Easy; P. Me
Cabe'a Cragboy vs. .1. Dearie's Bell of Ander
son; .1 Ferris' (names) Cleopatra vs. Aeneld
Kennels' Maid of Erin; Land & corner's On
ward vs. J. J. Edmund's Whiskey Hill; D. Cro
nan's Bwlnnerton vs. A. 1... Austin's Firm Foe;
Lord & Herfost's Revolver vs. T. Harrington's
(names) Bow Peep; M. London's Leonldas vs.
W. C Glasson's Joy Hell; 'ins Yideau's Right
Bower vs. Sterle & Knowles' Wag; A. Ohy
meyer's Occidental vs. H. H. Gray's Terron
ette; Ed Wilson's Magnesia vs. r>. Ford's
.luanita; T. Hall's Nonnarlel vs. Murphy &
Toland's Twilight Jr.; .M. B. Cavanaugh's
Hard Lines vs. J. Dennis' October Woodcock;
J. Bonn ing' a Dompsey I<ass vs. Courtney iv
Hoar's Douglass; A. Johnson's Tod Sloan vs.
,i M. Hakon's Tic Tac; E. M. Kellogg* a Lady
Gllmore vs. Aeneld Kennels' Aneas; J. J. Ed
wards' Morning Glory vs. R. L,. Taylor's
(names) Mose; G. Lahusen's Fireball vs. J.
Jones' Gallavant; F. Passons Perseus vs. J.
Seggerson'a White Chief; W. Trades' (names)
Wand' Tom vs. H. A. Oeokleman's Prince
George; p. J. Rellley'B Still True vs. J. Deane's
Mlalmo; Pasha Kennels' Right Arm vs. ]'.
McCabe'a Bony Boy; Handy & Smith's Lady
Hugo vs. G. J. Penario's Old Glory; J. Jones'
'Moonlight vs. Aeneid Kennels' Pretender; M.
Maehalie's (names) Kerry Gow vs. M. London's
Magneto; Joseph Thrift' St. Michael vs.
.Aeneld Kennels' Athena; M. Maehalie's Glen
roy vs. J. H. Harrison's Hot Haste; Judge
Cramer's Report. vs. Sheppler & Powers' Match
less; S. E. Portal's Gallagher vs. J. ' Jones'
Huston; T. Kelley*a (names) Wlldwood vs.
Larkey & Rock's Liberty Bell.
Olympic Junior Class.
The Olympic Club board of managers
met last iiif;ht and decided to organize a
junior alasa for young men fiom 17 to 20
\. are of ai, r e. William Smyth has been pn
gaged solely for the instruction of Juve
niles and juniors.
On October 1 a special night of wrest
ling and boxing will be given to the in-
Burance men.
To Save Lives at Sea.
The Chamber of Commerce is in receipt
of a memorial notifying the public that
the heirs of the late Anthony Poßok of
Washington had offered a. prize of 100,000
francs tor the best device for saving life
al Bea, The lati Mr. Pollok and his wife
\wr. passengers on the ill-fated steamer
!.a Bourgogne, which was sunk in a col
lision with another ship off Sable Island
a year or so ago. The merits of the sev
eral devices are to be submitted at the in
ternational exposition at Paris in 1900.
Sast
HIGH SCORES
WERE MADE AT
SAN RAFAEL
Successful Close of Annual
Festival of the California
Schuetzen Club.
One of the most successful shooting fes
tivals that the California Schuetzen Club
has ever held was brought to a close
yesterday afternoon at Schuetzen Park.
In all the contests there was shown
marksmanship of an unusually high or
der. Strecker, the champion of so many
contests, fared badly. He won only the
goblet for the greatest number of points,
yet in every event he was so close to
the winner that he shared in the vic
tory.
The prize on' the honorary target was
won by D. 13. Faktor with a score of 74.
Strecker was next to him with >'■'■. while
Rahwyler, danger and others reached as
high as 70. , ,„„
The members' contest was won by Wil
liam Glindermann. He did not appear at
the ranges ' until late in the afternoon
and it was thought that Louis Bendel had
"a cinch" on the money. Glinderrnann
on his first ticket made 71. with 24 to
back it, defeating Bendel by a small mar
gin. The scores were as follows:
On the honorary target: D. B. Faktrr 74.
A. Strecker 73, A. Rahwyler 70, A. Hreuss 09.
Philo Jacobt 62. Joseph Straub 61. C. M. Hen
derson 70. J. Jones 69. F. C. Hagrerup 69, I. W.
Mclaughlin 69 A. Keffel 66, R. banger <0,
John Utschig sr. 67, Captain F. Kuhls 63, F. P.
Schuster 72. F. Beiknap 66. Louis Ritzau 62,
A. Jungblut 55, C. Thierbach <;.". Nick Ahrens
70, G. Richman 65, J. I>. Helse 81. H. R. Brown
69, J. C. Hugneman 60, William Khrenpfort
68, F. ]•'. Mason GS. Smith Carr 66. William
Glindermann «4. Captain F. Kuhls 6}, L. Ben
del 69.
On the members' target: William Glinder
mann 71. Louis Bendel 71, F. Brandt 69. Fred
Echuemann «6, Phllo Jacobi 86, J. F. Rbbln
son 63, T. J. Carroll 61, Nicholas Ahrens 68.
Captain F. A. Kuhls 66. John Utschlsr 66. A.
Jungblut 65, A. Breuss 65, D. W. Mclaughlin
68. F. 1' Schuster 64, D. B. Faktor 61. F. K.
Mason 65, Charles Thlerbach 63, C. Ladd 62,
A Utschig 58. F. Beiknap 57, H. R. Brown
.77 L. C. Babin 57, P. Brunnottl 50, William
Ehrenpfort 66, C. J. Walden 55, H. Enge 55,
A. L. Ott 53, Jacob Straub 51, C. Meyer 51.
ANNUAL CONVENTION
OF AMATEUR ATHLETES
PACIFIC ASSOCIATION MEETS
AND ELECTS OFFICERS.
Resolutions Passed, Reports Read and
Suggestions Made by the Board
of Managers Representing
Athletic Clubs.
The annual meeting of the Pacific Ath
letic Association was held last night at
the Olympic Club, with a full attendance
of members. A new board of marftigers
was elected for the ensuing year and re
ports of committees heard.
President Bockman read a lengthy pa
per on the condition of athletics In the
West. Its general tone suggested a
bright outlook for the future and healthy
condition of affairs in amateur circles.
Many suggestions were offered and some
apposite recommendations were received
with applause. . .-'.;.- v
The report of the treasurer showed that
the Reliance Club was on the list for $10
back dues and that t££ University of Cal
ifornia had refused iv pay the *10 sanc
tion and the Stanford i University a $5
sanction. After all expenses of the year
a balance of $42 remained in the treasury.
The two university sanctions were for
football games of 1897 or 1896.
The committee which had in charge the
preparation of records in all branches of
sport and the codification of law., for
publication in pamphlet form reported
that all the material was gathered, but
the book would not be compiled until the
first of the year.
An amendment was passed which
ought the ihree sports of rowing, base
ball and football within the jurisdiction,
of the board of managers.
A resolution was adopted that the re
gatta committee consist of three repre
sentatives from each rowing club.
A resolution was introduced by S. J.
Pembroke of the Alameda Boat Club
which reads as follows:
'.'Resolved, That this association make
the following, ruling on the measurement
of the boats called outrigger skiffs and
that the limit of length be 24 feet, and
that they shall not be narrower than 15
inches, to be open boats and any kind of
bottom." • •
Copies were ordered printed and sent to
the various ciubs. The last business of
the evening was the election of officers.
The following comprise the new board of
managers: H. A. Kuler. Amateur Ath
letic Union; J. R. Bockman, Ariel Rowing-
Club; A. P. Rothkopp, Dolphin Rowing
Club; M. J. Calnan, Pioneer Rowing Club;
G. James, Olympic Athletic Club; 11. Han
sen, Grammar School Clubs; I. J. Muma
University of California; W. B. Hinck
man, Alameda Rowing Club; T. Adderlv,
Triton Rowing Club: C. E. Dennis, South
End Rowing Club; H. A. Wedeman, Lur
line Swimming and Polo Club.
The following were elected delegates to
the' A. A. U. Convention in October: J.
Keenan, G. James, H. Hauler, M. Scully
W. C. Espy and S. J. Pembroke. Alter
nates are H. A. Keeler, I. J. Muma, C. O
Dennis and J. R. Bockman.
The new board of managers met after
the adjournment of the meeting and the
following officers were elected for the
ensuing years: J. R. Bockman, prertdent;
George James, vice president; H. A
Keeler, secretary and treasurer.
Kind Lady— You look very much like a
tramp I gave a pie to yesterday.
Tramn— But I m not. I never felt bettej
in my Ute, lady.-L.ife.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GRIM DEATH IN
HUMAN BLOOD
A Poison Which Wrecks and
Ruins Mind and Body.
The Only Antidote Discovered After
Centuries of Research.
SAD FATE OF THOUSANDS
A most deadly ailment, freqn
I called malignant (contagious)
! poison, has been the curse of
1 sands of members of the human family
since the dawn of creation.
This dreaded affliction has bafTr 1
the skill of the most scientific, earnest
and experienced physicians during
both ancient and modern times. Not
until Dr. Meyers & Co., the w&H-known
specialists of 731 Market street, made
their discovery several years ago has
blood poison been completely mastered.
This cure eradicates the poison forever
from the blood and system at any
stage, no matter whether the disease
has been inherited or contracted, leav-
ing no trace on the skin or elsewhere.
In accomplishing this Dr. Meyers &
Co. do not use mercury or other dan-
gerous drugs, and will wait for their
! nay till the patient is satisfied that he
lis "sound and well. DR. MEYERS &
CO.. who have the largest medical in-
stitution and the most extensive prac-
tice in America, also cure Lost Vigor,
Premature Decay, Unnatural Losses,
Wasting Drains, Nervous Debility,
Stricture. Rupture, Tumors, Varico-
j cele, Private Diseases, Cancer, Sleep-
j lessness. Rheumatism, Kidney and
Bladder Diseases, Spine and Liver Dis-
eases, Heart Diseases. Blood and Skin
Diseases, Stomach Disease, Eye and
Ear Diseases, Lung Disease, Rectal
Disease.
Consultation and advice free at office
or by mail. Also private book for men
only.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
Connecticut Mutual
: LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD, IN THE STATE OF CON-
necticut, on the 31st day of December,
■ A. D. IS9S, and for the year ending on that
. I day; made to the Insurance Commissioner ot
• the State of California, punuant to the re-
quirements of section 613 of the Political Code
of said State.
CAPITAL.
• Amount of Capital Stock paid up
In Cash
ASSETS.
Net value of Real Estate owned by
the Company $10,977,642 71
Amount of Loans secured by Bond
and Mortgage on Real Estate. .' 23,900,189 39
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks or other market-
able securities as collateral 1,300 00
Premium notes and loans in any
form taken In payment of premi-
ums on policies now In force 904,622 19
Cash market value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by the Company.... 20,405,063 43
Amount of Cash on hand In Com-
pany's office
Amount of Cash deposited in Banks 1,688.743 26
Interest due and accrued 965.7C2 63
Rents due and accrued 12,572 27
Net amount of premiums In process
of collection and of deferred pre-
miums .' 322.549 40
Total assets t64.182.387 27
LIABILITIES.
Claims for death losses and matured
endowments, due and unpaid $ 17,570 50
Claims for death losses and ma-
tured endowments in process of
adjustment, or adjusted but not
due 149,319 00
Claims resisted by the Company.... 40,392 00
Net present value of all the out-
standing- policies, computed ac-
cording to the Combined Experi-
ence Tables of Mortality, with 4
per cent interest 55.361,814 00
Amount of all unpaid dividends to
policy holders 782,437 17
Surrender values claimable on poli-
cies canceled 241,360 00
Premiums paid in advance 34,354 53
Additional special reserve for Term
Policies and Annuities 13,098 00
Total liabilities $56.665.845 20
INCOME.
Cash received for premiums on new
policies during the year t 339.303 44
Cash received for renewal of premi-
ums during the year 4,427.560 04
Cash received for sale of annuities.. 1,370 0)
Cash received for interest I TOO. MO 07
Cash received for rents 309.957 £.3
Cash received from all other sources
Total Income |7.M».4T8 14
EXPENDITURES.
Cash paid for losses and matured
| endowments 14.253.340 44
(Cash paid to annuitants » - » : ' °*>
I Paid for surrendered policies 656.040 oj
Paid for dividends to policy hold-
ers 1,2. ..693 is
Cash paid for dividends to stock-
holders
Commissions paid to agents ■ J6P.5P4 .1
Salaries and other compensation of
officers and employes, except
agents and medical examiners.... 151,639 9S
Salaries and traveling expenses of ' -^
managers of agencies •■ Z3,599 83
Medical examiners' fees and sal-
ar f es Z1,4i5 4.j
Cash paid for taxes 20 H^ !S
Cash paid for rents i ; ■•■•••••" Hh 22
Cash paid for taxes on Real Estate 1.7,64? 62
All other cash payments 1.9,160 00
Total expenditures during the _
year «7. 439. 960 99
PREMIUM-NOTE ACCOUNT.
Premium notes and other
premium obligations at
beginning of the year...«SS,3la 71
Premium notes and other
premium obligations re- .„ „
ceived during the year... MS 00
Totnl r WUJMtI
Deduction* during the year, as follows:
Amount of notes and other
premium obligations used
in payment of losses and
claims :••:;;•■ *"• **' **
Amount of notes and other
premium obligations used
In purchase of surren-
dered policies ■ ■■■■■... 9.320 43
Amount of notes and other
premium obligations used
In payment of dividends
to policy h01der*.......... 35.311 86
Amount of notes and other
premium obligations void-
ed by lapse of policies.. 2.124 00
Amount of notes and other
premium obligations re-
deemed by maker in
cash 11.327 87
Total reduction of Premium-
Note Account $79,Sttl m
Balance, note assets at end of the
year 1904.622 1?
JACOn L. GREENE, President
HERBERT H. WHITE. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me thl«
17th day of February. 1899.
i NATHAN F. PECK. Notary Public.
F\ R. NOYES,
GENERAL AGENT,
A. K. P. HARMON,
District Superintendent igsnelii,
39=31-32 Mills Building, Montgomery St.,
, jSA}} FRAN. CISCO, CAi*MARY MARTIN IS UP TO
HER OLD TRICKS AGAIN
Oakland Mesmerist Arrested on
a Serious Charge.
Mrs. E, L Foss Claims She Was Hypno
tized, Held a Prisoner and Forced to
Sign Away Property.
A WARRANT was sworn out yester
day by Mrs. X L. J-Vss for the ar
rest af Mrs. Mary Weber, known
to the police and Oakland resi
dents as Mrs. Mary Martin.
Mrs. Fuss charges Mrs. Martin,
alias Weber, with grand larceny. She
claims that for weeks she has been under
the hypnotic Influence of Mrs. Martin,
and that while controlled by the will of
the mesmerist she signed away her prop
erty to her.
This Is the second time Mrs. Martin has
appeared !n the rolo of hypnotist with a
ng a companiment of realty Bplrtted
away from a subjective victim. Sarah
ikland first felt the mag
passes of Mrs. Martin, and while
under the mysterious Influence deeded all
her ;■• Oakland's Mme. SvengalL
Carrie Judd Montgon I unous Sal
vationist, espoused the cause of Miss Leon
ard and was Instrumental in having meted
out to the mesmerist her just deserts.
The up before Judge Greene,
Mrs. Martin was sentenced to a ten
- u-rm in the State penitentiary. The
bypn ii years of her term,
v.a? ; ;. Governor Hudd and re
nt custody about two years ago.
M>>. Foss, the Martin woman's latest
victim, was in Buch a weak mental and
:. j est< rday that it was
with difficulty she told her story.
"I do not know what Mrs. Martin (or
rather Weber, for that is th* name 1
by) has done to me." she saiu.
• l was in perfect physical condition until
h» r. Then 1 began to decline and
from a peculiar condition that I
ci'U.d not explain.
"I first met the woman," explained Mrs.
Foss, "when 1 l;ad my house at 308
:.>r sale. Mr. Eland, a real
. nt, brought her to me. The
sked for the house was $800. Alter
ng over the house Mrs. Weber said
■ and pay JSOO down,
( . v y. . d her by her
. a Mr. Meyer, who was a clerk in
• .11 of Records.
"After h tevk days," continued Mrs.
"Mrs. Weber returned and
r had refused to let her have the
: '1 am anxious to get the i.
Id m< . 'and If 1 had a bill of sale
• •sury amount.' Mr.
drew up a bill of sale, which was
Mrs. Weber, with the under
: . was i" give me $:'oj and
assume the mortgages h< id by the furni
ture compa SI l not give the money
i took the bill > '
from her and put it away In a table
er. Later she abstracted that paper.
"Mrs. Martin then cami to th< house to,
.i the understanding was
I was to remain as a roomer and
si . About the 15th of
April Mrs. ted a flat at 730 Post
went there to liv»-. She had
:•■ furniture to 1 ' nlture j
ut T.>"k with her furniture val
-10 ;i ai was my own
■ rty. 1 wen' with her to the Hat
□ I V. bile there Bhe kept r.
gainst my will and allowed no
sick,' she told
. w ill not live long.'
■«On< came to me with a paper
District Court Business
Clerk George E. Morse or i' l ? united
States District Court has sent to Wash
ington his report of the business done in
his department for the fiscal year ending
Junf §0 1599. During that period there
were filed 424 civil cases, 166 criminal
-ases and 275 bankrruptcy petitions, mak
r.ga total of 865. There were terminated
>. r ,n" civil cases. ..A criminal cases and 150
bankruptcies;
"CASEY OF THE
HOWARD GANG"
IS AT LIBERTY
Ordered Discharged
by Judge Murasky.
Jakey Casey, the man with the many
aliases, he whom the police charge with
being a member of the Alameda robbery
gang, suspected of having been hired by
Plunger Howard to dump Millionaire
Green overboard, and accused of having
confessed that he aped from the railing
of the steamer that bore his intended vic
tim out on the high seas and then pad
dled to the shore some miles away when
courage failed him. is at liberty. With
-ill the monstrous crimes the Chief of Po
lice laid at his door Casey was held In
lall on a charge of grand larceny, the
crime being charged by U'ellx Bloc*, the
tailor who claimed that as the man Just
released had rested sufficient nerve
to don a suit of clothes sent him by the
cutter thereof he must certainly be a
crook of the deepest dye. A writ of habeas
c'.rnus sworn out on behali of the accused
permitted the hearing of the tacts of the
case however, and when they had been
presented together with the law bearing
' tV issues involved Judge Murasky,
who heard the argument on tne writ, held
that even sufficient evidence did not exist
for the successful prosecution of an ac
tion in trover, let alone upon which to
•r ukmn the accused of a felony. Hence
the wrißwaa granted and Casey is at lib
er The case of Casey Involves some Inter
est After Millionaire Green had made
his startling statements, Wells. Farg... &
Co had decided that It had lost several
thousand dollars through the same agency
and the balance of the people reached the
concluMon that they had lost if not money
tome cicfp through the nefarious Pursuits
nY Vhu skulking gang. Chief Lees and his
meniwent"out«toWher In the criminals.
r\"ey through his habit of remaining
quieU and being indisposed to hurry
-.round during the warm hours of the day,
SSSumoitSS? hands. He was hurried to
nolioe headquarters, and when It was
found that he did not know any of the
cfrcumstances surrounding the cases the
.were Investigating it was I named -
ate v ' concluded that guilt was sealing his
lips and he was assigned to a bed In the
tanks A writ of habeas corpus for his
release was immediately sworn out and
washset for hearing. When It was called
Chief Lees, through his counsel, presented
a Aurn in which he set forth that Casey
wa« held to answer on a charge of grand
la?cenv the basis of the .rime being that
he had* procured a suit of clothes from
Tailor Block which was yet unpaid for.
Two writs of habeas corpus were then
/worn out on I ■ half of the defendant. One
quest "one* the diction of the court
on the ground that the prisoner had been
held in custody for the purpose; of pre
liminary examination .against his objec
tion for a longer period than six days,
and the other contended that there was no
probable cause for the placing 01 the
chance against the defendant's name. It
was upon latter ground that .the .court
passed upon the merits of the writs H»
held that it was not evident that the de
fendant had committed the crime charged
if the evidence given during the prelim
inary examination was to he considered,
and Casey was ordered dismissed from
"caeey,* pleased at the outcome, immedr-
and stood over me and said 'sign.' It was
a paper in which I signed over to her all
my property. 1 did not wish to sign that
paper, but something I could not under
stand forced me to I signed, and by that
signature 1 gave i ver to Mrs. Weber
everything I possi ssed."
Mrs. Fosa remained for several weeks
in the Martin flat, her whereabouts un
known to her friends. Finally Miss Port
ney became alarmed and placed the mat
ter In the hands of detectives, and they
succeeded In locating Mrs. Fi^s, weak
and ill, In the I'osi street house.
When ttie offic< rs went to s< rye the war- !
rant on Mrs. Weber yesterday they found j
her in bed, suffering, she claimed, with an
attack of peritonitis. Mrs. Martin is apt
t<> be 111 when the ixilice want her. When
she was wanted fur the Leonard affair she
claimed to be suffering from a tumorous
growth.
'•It !.« a case of blackmail." she said as'
Bhe sat up In bed under the watchful eye I
of < >fflcar .1. F. Welch. "I do not owe Mrs
Foss a cent. I was sorry for the old lady j
and took her Into my house and gave her '
and clothes. As for that hypnotic j
story, that is all bosh. I do not know a
thing about hypnotism, and, further, don't '
believe there is such a thing. Mrs. Foss |
found out about my past and thought she !
could scare me into giving her money, j
But she nor any one else can scare me" |
she concluded, "and I shall tight this mat- j
ter to the bitter end."
ately left the court In company with his
attorney, George I>. Collins. Speaking
about his case he denied that he bad ever
confessed to <'hj ( f Lees that he bad been
hired to dump Millionaire Green over
board, t ht. t he w.-ts a member of the ping
that robbed the Alameda or that he owes
Wells, Fargo A: Co. one dollar. Hence it
1= up to The Chief to produce his evidence
substantiating bis evidence, and Casey
pays that he will remain in town and
await the production thereof.
COUNTY HOSPITAL
AROUSES DISCUSSION
The appeal made by the Board of
Health t<i the Mt rchants' Association,
lawyers, physicians and ministers for aid
in securing a new City and County Hos
pital was the topic of discussion before
the Methodist Ministers' Union yesterday
morning. Rev. Dr. Tinny brought up the
siibj< "t by reading a communication
which he had received from the Health
Department. It was first decided that
Dr. I'rmy represent the body before th«s
Supervisors in the afternoon, but later it
was agreed to allow the matter to rest.
During the discussion Rev. J. N. Beard,
whose church is in the vicinity of the
hospital, blamed the hospital management
for the terrible condition of the institu
tion. The speaker said the only way to
clean the hospital would be to begin with
til-- management. Dr. Hammond stated
that the present hospital had been in ex
istence for the past twenty-five years, and
]'.■■ was of the opinion that the present
building should be torn down and another
sulist Ituted.
Rev. Dr. Andnw.- of Ashbury M. E.
Church. Oakland, read an Interesting pa
per on "The Mystery of the Holy Spirit."
The paper aroused a great deal of favor
able comment. The discussion which fol
lowed the reading Of the essay was par
ticipated in by Revs. Harris. Beard,
Smith. Dennett. Needham. Hammond.
Trmv. J. \Y. Ross, Chapman, Kirby, Sl
monds and < !ase.
The Crystal Hot Sea Bathi.
Physicians recimmenn thp ''rysta! warm sea
mater tub and swiintninc baths. North Beach. •
The Cabinet Visits.
The members of the San Francisco
Cabinet of the National I'nion paid an
official visit last night to Yosemlte
Council Of that order. The Visitors were
received with a true fraternal welcome,
and after the regular business was over
there was a pleasant evening of enter
tainment arranged by the members of the
sitting council. There were .short ad
dresses by President Arter of the Cabi
net, Senator Hastings, James B. Field,
doorkeeper of the Senate of the order;
character sketches by George Monks,
dialect stump speech by Jake Roth, reci
tations liv .1 B. Barnes, and remarks by
Deputy J. N. Hunting and others. The
visitors were made the guests at a colla
tion.
lya'lies' tallor-niafl* 1 suits, fur rapes, cloaks.
Credit. M. Rothschild. 384 Post st. •
Court Defiance's Anniversary.
Court Defiance. Foresters of America,
will celebrate the twelfth anniversary of
its Institution by a complimentary ball,
to be given in P.'ne B'rith Hal! on the
evening of the 27th inst. On the same
nltfht there will be a reception to its
two volunteer soldiers who have returned
from the Philippines, George Rosenberg
and Herman f'ook.
Next SUNDAY'S CALL will be a
marvel of beautiful illustrations
— its half-tone work being es-
pecial// fine.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 19. 1899.
DR. VOORSANGER
WARNS AGAINST
IMPERIALISM
Reviews the Dreyfus
Case.
THE LESSON IT CONTAINS
SAYS THE INCREASING ARMY IS
A MENACE.
During the services last night at Temple
Emanu-El in celebration of the feast of
Sukkoth, Rabbi Voorsanger lectured on
"The Dreyfus Case After the Second
Court-martial." So large an audience
gathered that the seating capacity of the
house of worship was entirely inadequate
to seat it, many remaining standing till
the conclusion. The music was particu
larly delightful.
In beginning his discourse Rabbi Voor-
j sanger called attention to the 9th of Sep
i tember, the day on which thi> court-mar
j tial at Rennea found Dreyfus guilty, <as
"tlir- day upon which human justice was
assassinated and the French nation sanc
tilied by crime."
"I can understand," he said, "at this
particular point In the worlcTs history
that there are some people who will ask
'Where Is God? 1
"1 do not want to present the Jewish
standpoint of this case," he continued, re
ferring to the Dreyfus court-martial. "At
some other time, when you feel like it, I
may open the books of Jewish history for
you and show you that the story of thin
man is but an added chapter of the his
tory of the martyr known to you as the
Wandering Jew; that it is but one of the
rehearsed stories which has escaped apol
ogists who write history — but to-night I
Intend to confine myself to a consideration
of this case from the standpoint of an or
dinary American citizen, to ascertain
whether or not it has merit.
"There are a good many people here
and elsewhere whose stupid prejudice,
whose unreasoning race hatred, whose
i fanaticism forever prevents them from
coming to a reasonable conclusion, but 1
dislike to argue with people who believe
that there is a Deity who turns an eye of
love to the Christian and an eye of hatred
to everybody else. I hold such sentiments
and teachings contemptible, and l would
not dignify them by denouncing them as
being unworthy of the lowest grade of
human intelligence. No! no! I will not
speak of Dreyfus as the Jew, but as a
man, a Frenchman and a citizen. What
has he to say for himself before the bar
of public opinion in America? Is he guilty
or not guilty?"
Rabbi Voorsanger briefly reviewed the
history of the first court-martial, the ac
tion taken five years later by the Court
of Cassation and the recent proceedings
of the military court at Rentes. Of the
case he paid:
Sometimes I think the whole affair ought
not to be taken seriously. Wasn't it a
beautiful arrangement. They had a tradi
tion In olden times Of the "Man with the
Iron Mask"; and they hail the prisoner of
the Chateau d'lf, and that story must be
reproduced for the entertainment of France.
The people of France needed another spasm
: and Devils Island was put on as the last
scene In the tragedy that was gotten up,
because, forsooth, the nation needed enter
tainment. Sometimes it appears so, • and I
was afraid that; the whole affair must be
taken as humorous. It didn't appear that
Justice could fall so low.
Voicing his contempt for the military
judges of Dreyfus and- their partial ver
dict. Dr. Voorsangor said he did not be
lieve that the ends of Justice would :be
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
ECONOMY AND WRECKS
Kruttschnitt Blamed for the
Policy of Retrenchment,
Traffic Manager Stubbs Defends the Gen
eral Manager, and Says He Must Not Be
CensuredforTrainmen'sCarelessness.
THE recent frequency of wrecks on
the Southern Pacific Railroad has
attracted more than the ordinary
share of public attention. The
dozen that occurred on different
parts of the system during the first
six months of the year have been fol
lowed so closely by six or seven more
within the present month that people are
rapidly gaining the opinion that some
thing is radically wrong with the road.
and that the sooner it is traced and
r. medied the better. As it is now it ap
pears to be almost like taking one's life
in one's hand to make a journey over
any of the lines of the company. En
gines are smashed, cars ditched, lives
crushed out of the bodies of passengers
and train crews day after day. The com
pany and tho Coront-rs stationed at va
rious Doints on the system are appar
ently busy investigating, but up to date
seem no nearer to the seat of the danger
than when they started.
Various theories have, been advanced
to account for this succession of disas
ters, but no one theory by any possible
majiner of means will cover them all.
compassed by any unkind act or any re
taliatory method, but, he continued, tho
French people ought tn understand that
the source of American Indignation at the
Dreyfun verdict Bprings not from a desire
to meddle with other people's business
but from the Btrength of their own idt-ais
The people of the united States could not
understand any judge and jury holding
in contempt the opinion of the highest
court in the land, as the Dreyfus court
martial had held the opinion of the Court
of Cassation when militarism declared
Dreyfus a traitor to his country. H»: con
tinued:
What do you think? Is h« a traitor? I
have beard some voices raised here and
there thai say he is pruilty. Probably there
mv pome here as well. Who declares Drey
fus quiity? Political trait. irs; false priests;
; i iple who desire pews in churches as step
ping stones to anarchy; people who are
thriving upon sedition, upon raff- hatred
and Upon treason. They declare Dreyfus
guilty to-day. The civilized world has de
clared him Innocent.
Fellow citizens, we in the f'nited States
ought to ■ learn something else fn.ni this
Dreyfus case. I am a Jew, a co-religionist
<.f Dreyfus, and I would rather stand with
him and suiter with him than to lie in the
place of his judges. We might to learn
something with which thf- Jew is not con
cerned and with which the Frenchman Is
not concerned. It seems to me that when
■ court of limited jurisdiction, as this court
martial was, can override the decrees f the
Supreme Court of the land, there must he
something rotten In Denmark. We cannot
permit any court to insult the dignity of
that court which represents the Inchest
authority of our constitution, in France
a court of soliders laughs at civil jurisdic
tion. Thai shows that. In reality there are
two factors In France, that Is the army
and the people; and. In the United States
If you know what is Rood for you; If you
will take notice of the trend of events,
and if yu have any desire to preserve your
manhood and the rights and privileges for
which your lathers fought go on Increasing
the standing army of the United States and
find out to ytmr cost what will occur when
a military oligarchy or a military conspiracy
will endeavor to override the will of the
people as It has dine in France.
That Is what Ih going to happen to us;
that will be the result of the growth of
standing armies all over the world. In
Germany and Russia, a standing army may
be a glorious thing from the point of the
feudalists, but from the standpoint of a
free man, a standing army Is a constant
menace to the free institutions which we
hope to defend with our lives.
I have refrained from talking politics
from this pulpit, hut the time has come
when the pulpit must tnke a hand when
men feel In their own minds that the rights
and privileges of the people are in Jeopardy
and with the possibility of an army seek
ing to impose upon the people, can take
place In this country as will as in France.
Let us not sacrifice our Ideals of democ
racy, or our Ideals of justice in this new
passion, in this new-grown love for im
perialism, in this new fad of the nation.
Let us take care not to sacrifice too much
of the simplicity of our lives, lest we fall
and sorrow as unhappy France Is sorrowing.
Spreading rails, negligent trainmen,
storms and In the last accident in Ala
meda fog have been blamed for the
wrecking of trains and the maiming of
travelers. None of the. heads of the com
pany ■Rill make any statement that seems
to throw any light on the menacing state
of affairs. When they are assked concern
ing any or all of the accidents they an
swer that the company would prevent
them if it could; that it feels the loss <>f
its cars and its engines; that it dots not
like to be put to the expense of sending
wrecking trains and surgeons to the scene
of every accident, and that if there is
any possible way to avert the disasters
they would only be too glad to learn it
and to put it into practice immediately.
Then the officers ot the company allow
the impression to get out In some way or
another that the fault lies really with the
trainmen, who disobey orders. I ntortu
nateiy tor the trainmen, tney dare nut
tell. Should any one of them feel cour
ageous enough to deny the innuendoes of
the heads ot department he feels that he
would get his discharge in short order.
Consequently the men Keep mum and the
accidents go on happening with the regu
larity oi clockwork.
The public, which has long waited for
some explanation from the railroad peo
ple, has about finished building ut a
theory of its own to fit* the series of
accidents. As a basis it began with the
well-founded rumors that lloated up from
the souih shortly after the wreck of the
train bearing delegates to the National
Educational Association convention at
L,os Angeles. Two women were killed on
that train and any number of others
badly shaken up and bruised, escaping
death only by a miracle. It was said that
that wreck was caused from the fact that
the engineer of the teachers' special was
asleep at his post, absolutely unable to
hold up his head by reason of the fact
that he was overworked. Putting two
ami two together— and tor this purpose
there are more than four accidents— the
people have come to the conclusion that
there is only one theory that will account
for the nearly a score of accidents that
have occurred along the line of the South
ern Pacilic during the present year. That
theory, which has attained the propor
tions ef an uncontradicted rumor, is be-
Ueved by a great number of people. It ia
that the policy of retrenchment inaug
urated by the Southern Pacilic Company
at the beginning of the year is responsi
ble for all the accidents, in that it com
pels engineers, firemen and trainmen to
work when they are nearly dropping on
their feet from sleep, while it has cut
down the force of trackwalkers to the
danger point.
This policy of retrenchment, rightly or
not, has been generally attributed to
Genera] Manager Kruttschnitt. A re
porter for The Call paid a visit yesterday
to his office for the purpose of interview
ing turn in regard to the recent criticisms
of the management growing out of the
frequency of wrecks on the system. The
general manager was very busy with his
correspondence and would not say till
to-day whether or not ho cared to give
out an interview. Traffic Manager Stubbs
was asked for an interview on the so
called Kruttschnitt policy of retrench
ment said to be responsible for the recent
accidents on the road and for the delays
in the overland train service. He gave
out the following:
"Mr. Kruttschnitt'a policy, whatever
it may be, good, bad or indifferent (and
I believe it to be good, for he is one of the
best transportation men in the country),
i< not responsible for the recent accidents
on our roads nor for delay to the over
land train service. The latter, I am in
formed, is largely due to failure of our
connections to make schedule time, which
is followed through to destination with
increasing loss of time, because the heavy
traffic of the Southern Pacific Company
precludes the possibility of its making up
the time lost by its connections, as has
been its custom under ordinary condi
tions.
"The disposition to mnke the general
manager responsible for the disobedience
or forgetfnlness or carelessness of train
men is unfair, is harmful to him person
ally and a positive injury to the public.
The press loses its force and diminishes
its power for good when it becomes per
sonal." ]2_
THE NEW COAST
AND GEODETIC
STEAMER HERE
Pathfinder Is in Port
From San Diego.
Tho United States roast and geodetic
survi y steamer Pathfinder arrived from
New York last Sunday night. She is a
brand new vessel, having been completed
during the Spanish war. She will go to
the navy yard and have a few small guns
put aboard, after which she will do some
important work for T'ncle Sam in the
neighborhood of Hawaii. After that she
will go to Alaskan waters. The Path
finder is a wonderfully economical boat,
as she can steam 250 knots on a con
sumption of ten tons of coal.
The Pathfinder left New York in June
last and went to Washington. D. C. From
there she went to Norfolk and some de
fects having been found in her she went
to Newport News for an overhauling.
She started on her long journey to San
Francisco on June 16, and stopped on the
way at San Lueie. Fernambuoo, Rio de
Janeiro, Montevideo, and then made her
way through the straits of Magellan to
Callao, and from there to San Diego and
thence to this port. The trip was an
uneventful one. The men caught sixteen
turtles after leaving Callao and the last
one was not consumed until San Diego
was reached. At San Diego, .is already
told in The Call, one of the cadets was
taken sick and died.
Captain Perkins is in command of the
Pathfinder and he is assisted by Execu
tive Officer Dow, Second Officer Glover
and Third Officer Atkinson. Chief Engi
neer Goldsborough is In charge of the
engine room and Eugene Wheat is pay
master. The Pathfinder is anchored in
naval row, just astern of the Marble
head and lowa.
The German gunboat Geier went to soa
yesterday. She will stop at Esquimau,
H. C, and will then go for a cruise in
Bering S.>a.
The steamer Sequoia had a narrow es
cape yesterday. She went on Duxbury
reef, but was got off without assistance.
Owing to the dense fog Captain Thurieg
had stopped the engines, having run up
his distance, and the vessel was drifting
with the tide. The first intimation of
danger was when the vessel struck. She
stayed on the reef about four hours and
then came off. She had on board 175,000
feet of lumber, and as soon as it is dis
charged she will be docked for an ex
amination. Captain Thurieg does not
think the hull is materially damaged.
The Occidental and Oriental Company's
steamer Coptic, which arrived from the
Orient Sunday night, had aboard eighty
cabin, fourteen second cabin and 536 Jap
anese and three Chinese steerage pas
sengers. On September 3 she spoke the
four-masted British bark Ancona, bound
from Manila for New York, and on Sep
tember 12 the mail steamer Aiameda
THE EMPORIUM.
♦ Free demonstration ofVehx Paper in Camera J
J Department daily from 12:30 to sp. m. 'Bring
♦ your best negative and set 1 free print. J
jk Magician, I/ 5 ; i£l9' an "^^lWb| Cur mammoth <■
♦ I) .I- :r ,n, 10 Oolden^ule Bazaar. W m Winter Cata- *
I 2 2 5 p m a nd CAUFORniASLAPGi:ST-AMERICA-SaiAHDESr STORE. Sy. now *
I Sale of Silk Remnants. f
% One-quarter off the marked prices. %
t On this day (Tuesday) only the big store offers a choice lot of *
» S\lk Remnants, consisting of fancy stripes and checks, plain taf- £<
♦ fetas, foulards, Indias and black silks, at a further reduction of *
,* 25 per cent from the marked remnant prices.
♦ _ <•
I Tray and Carving Cloths. |
£ Special Sale for this day only. «
ft We place on sale this morning 10 dozen Linen Tray and Carving ♦
♦ Cloths, size 18x27 inches, hemstitched and drawn work in very *
♦ pretty designs, stamped ready for working, cloths that *&*&** «
♦ we sell regularly at 40c each — for this day only ££%* «
i Curtains, For L his o d n a > ' °^ Good Huck J. Towels> 5
ft. *sirt> p% - we iffer 200 pairs t^..-^,.- ***]—. C:o3e a nd
{ 42c Pair, good Lace Curtains, Towels, 12c. heavy, neat «
ay 3 yards long, 30 inches wide, good pat- red border, carefully hemmed, size 18x35 .*
♦ terns, and very special value at the inches an excellent wearing, perfect ♦
* price, per pair.." 4-2 C absorber, that retails regularly at $1.75 ♦
♦ per dozen — on sale this day only, each... *
♦ ..... «?/. <*
• 25c Hair _ ; ""' "° J
* Brushes, 13c. Coal Oil ;
% A ,001 Stove, y^^^y «
♦ — ; " •-^ durable S2C. S^'^—^j *
J .^fefc ? air . A reliable one- | XESSfI S
& H: . u^. burner Coal Oil ill ,dr^ss:i i
{ '■— mixe Stove, solid ca . cSL ; -'.., }
*...., ■  . bnstles j fount, cast nick- <—^fc&=2T=s£ *
hardwood back medium size, a good L led , rest C- 6^^ feT^IJLg v
* value 25c , Brush— on special S3le for guaranteed a |t^"t~==# *
♦ this day only 13c Bafe> first c]aB3 l^JffimSTJF/ J
? stove; compete >-> %
* Pearl For this day only ™ offer with wick thi3 *
♦ « ii 100 gross of a good , day oniy 52© vf
& BUttOnS. qua ; itv of Pearl But- ■ .... "T: — T, v 41 . «_, *
* tons-16. 18, 20 and 24 line-two doz ? n "NarCISSUS," For the first *
{on a card, regularly lUc a card 7c Complete, 32C. sinca its «
initial appearance tne big store is en- J
•' *'N and N s est of B^ am " a °led to offer in sheet form tha beauti- 2,
J O*« poos, a reliable ful instrumental piece, "Narcissus." from 2
J %>nantslOO. hair and scalp the Water Scenes by Ethelbert Nevin, *>
$, cleaner — on special sale Tuesday only. that has always bean sold in folios at <f
& package .' "....3c $1.25— this day only 32C -*
'^ rA
from San Francisco for Honolulu. The
transports Siani and Leelanaw were in
Honolulu when tho Coptic w;;s there. Al
fred Watson, a hospital steward on the
Sinm, had his lep broken by one of the
horses. The teamsters on the Leelanaw
were on a strike and threatening- to de
sert. They asserted that two of their
number were left behind and they had
to work double to make up for their loss.
They were not allowed on deck during
the voyage, and the crew of the Coptic
said they were only awaiting' a chance
to leave the transport. The" horses on
both transports were landed and put
aboard again in splendid health.
The schooner Anna was in collision with
the battleship [owa y< sterday, but very
little damage resulted. The schooner wag
beating out from the wharf, when the
wind fell light and the ebb tide carried
her down on the warship. The captain
let go his anchor, but it was too late
to prevent the Anna from carrying away
the lowa's boat boom.
The ship Bohemia arrived from the can
neries last night. John Sodeberg. one of
the crew, had his leg badly broken and
he was sent to the German hospital as
soon as the vessel anchored. During
some heavy weather one of the water
casks went adrift and while trying to
secure it. SodPberg had his leg crushed.
The men on the auxiliary cruiser Bad
ger consider they only enlisted for the
war. and that in consequence they are
being illegally kept on the vessel. Nine
teen of them deserted some weeks ago
and the others assert they will "jump
the ship" on the first opportunity. In
consequence Commander Miller has
stopped all shore liberty and the men are
growling worse than ever.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"oil"
INVESTORS I
TO BE ASTOUNDED. i
The developments that are now taking gj
place, and which will be publicly an- H
nounced in the papers of the 22d, will H
increase the value of the stock of this U
company 100 per cent. M
All persons registered on our books H
as stockholders prior to September 21st H
will receive the benefit of this Increase. |
INVESTIGATE. gj
PROSPECTUS FREE. H
Union Consolidated Oil and I
Transportation Co., |
322-323 PARROTT BUILDING, |
SAN FRANCISCO. H
OAKLAND OFFICE: .. I
460 TENTH STREET. |
Offices open 8 a. m. to 8 p. m. tj
I Stylish Men j
| Wear Our I
I Tailor-Made Suits. |
: Let us make a suit :
■ or a pair of pants for ■
: you. You do not know :
■ Jttd^ what a perfect-fitting, •
: ?Bfo stylish-cut garment is :
s j&L until you wear one :
■ srrj V\ ma<le by :
: /'■» All-Wool Business [
I I W $15*56. I
j , / 9 All-Wool Pants, :
: y ,/. H $4.50. I
!% I 5 201-203 Montgomery !
: # y////% st -. San . Francisco. !
; 'jf/"J\ 1110-1112 Market •
! * St., San Francisco. :
• 1011 Washington St.. !
: Oakland. ■,;:. 5
; . 143 South Spring St.. E
: Los Angeles. •
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
For the cure of Gonorrhoea, Gleets, Strictures
and analogous complaints of the Organs of
Generation.
Price $1 a bottle. For sale by druggists.
Wilt's Man Tenetaii Pills
Are acknowledged, by thousands of persons
who have used them for forty years to cure
SICK HEADACHE. GIDDINESS. CONSTI-
PATION. Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach, Pir-
n, plea and purify the blood.
THE EMPORIUM.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
PHOENIX
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF London. England (established 1782), on
the 31st day of December, A. D. IS9S. and
for the year ending on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Call-
, fornia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections
! 610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
| per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
; CAPITAL
. Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash
ASSETS.
I Real Estate owned by Company.... -
! Loans on Bonds and Mortgages
i Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $2,224,157 50
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral
Cash in Company's Office 13,960 50
Cash in Banks 312.672 Si
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 24,610 00
Cash in hands of United States
Trustees 380,107 53
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 164,566 71
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks
Rents due and accrued
Due from other Companies for • Re-
Insurance on losses already paid..
Total Assets ..$3.120.075 08
LIABILITIES. ~~~
i Losses adjusted and unpaid $ 24,104 00
1 Losses In process of Adjustment or
i in Suspense 185.275 00
i Losses resisted. Including expenses... 24,455 00
'. Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
i ning one year or less. $1,500,701 02; •
i reinsurance 50 per cent 750,350 51
! Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
j ning more than one year, $1,173,-
-! 265 64: reinsurance pro rata 636,063 89
' Gross premiums on Marine and . In-
-1 land Navigation Risks. $ ;
: reinsurance 100 per cent
' Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, %- ; reinsurance 50
' per cent ••
i All other demands against the Com-
j pany 121.892 IS
Total Liabilities ..$1.745.145 53
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums ,$1,992,438 88
Net Cash actually received for Ma-
. rine premiums
Received for interest on Bonds and
; Mortgages
• Received for interest and dividends
' on Bonds, Stocks. Loans and from
■ all other sources 76,400 3S
! Received for profit on sale of securi-
j ties 3,49? 03
i Received from all other sources 3,363 19
Total Income ..$2,075,700 50
EXPENDITURES. ~~~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
cluding $259.742 73, losses of previ-
ous years) $1,192.71193
I Net amount paid for Marine Losses
I (including $ . losses of
previous years)
Dividends to Stockholders
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 426.593 78
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officer*, clerks, etc 135,134 17
Paid for State. National and local
taxes 62.600 79
All other payments and expenditures. 210,091 09
Total Expenditures ..$2.027,431 82
Fire.
I Losses Incurred during the year $I.ISS,BIS 99
Risks and Premiums. | Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $355.433.306 $3,003.947 28
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 403.281. 3,205,248 54
Net amount In force
December 31, IS9S . 259.855.424 2,673.966 68
V. E. B. CLARK. Assistant Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 28th
day of January. 1899.
GEO. O. RUGER, Notary Public.
BUTLER & HALDAN,
General Agents for Pacific Coast,
413 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
000000000000000000
© T s." PALACE '■">%
° GRAND tmmh^.%
I !l SAN FRANCISCO. IT
■ Connected by a cover"! passageway. "
0 1400 Room?- 900 w: h Bath Attached. ©
O All Under One Management. O ,
O MOTE TEE PRICES: O
© European Plan. lll. OO per day and upward 0
L. American Plan.^.'{.(M) per day and upward _
*» . . Correspondence Solicited. O
110 JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK. Manager. O
6 OOP OOP OOOOOOOOOOQ
56
TUESDAY . ." 7.... SEPTEMBER 19, 1899
JOHN D. SPR ECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS, 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents.
Terms by Mall. Including Poetaire:
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year *„ «!!
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 6 months »■<>»
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 3 months .... 1.O"
DAILY CALL By .Single Month "J
EI'NUAY CALL One Tear *">?
WEEKLY CALL One Year I>uo
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising. Morquettc Building,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT!
C. C. CARLTON Herald ♦Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE i
PERRY LUKENS JR 29 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS' STANDS.
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hot**;
Fremont Houße; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Squarej
Murray Hill Hot^l.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
4. L. ENGLISH, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 300 Hayes street, open untl!
30 o'clock- 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock 615 LarK'n street, open until 9:30 o'clock
!S4l Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 22<" Market
£trect. corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- '094
Valencia street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
ttreet. open until 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock
AMUSEMENTS.
■ ville.
■
Much Johnson."
The Drum Major* Daughter."
. Th.at>-r— Vaudeville every afternoon and
■
n and Ellis streets — Specialties.
■Mniminsr Kaces. etc.
.r.— iieciianlcs" Fair and Philippine Ex-
■ nth and Folsom street*. Saturday. Septem-
-
JUSTICE RODDEN'S METHODS.
JUSTICE RODDEN of Marin County has bee.i
: exposed in the double offense of
■■running in advance oi any heating or trial
.;: i : Igmcnt against Frank L. Perkins, .1
tin si ourt, and of defacing the records ol
iurt for the purpose of destroying the proof of
i'lie motive for the judgment oi
• ided ui>< m before a word of evidence was
submitted appears from the statements of the justice
•: one of personal spite against the
ment of the record was a fu
nd cowardly attempt tv escape the consequences
- action.
The evil of the wrong done by the Justice is aggra
; by the circumstances under which it was com
mitted. The charge upon which he made up his
mind in advance was not made against Perkins alone.
It i« riminai libel -worn out by one .M.
. si John D. Spreckels as proprietor
of The Call and Frank L. Perkins, the San Rafael
correspondent of the paper. Against Mr. Spreckels
the Justice had no I ptte, and it appears he
to have been given at least a hearing before con
demnation, but against the other defendant the de
cision was made at once.
n which the Justice recorded his
noting. Upon the back of the
complaint he A'rote: "It appearing to me that the
nse in the within deposition mentioned has been
committed, and that there is sufficient cause to be
lieve tin within named Frank L. Perkins guilty
thereof, I order that he be held to answer to the same
and committed to "
Thus by the record- of hi^ court and in his own
handwriting did it appear that even before the trial,
the submission of evidence. Justice Rod
den had made up his mind to decide Perkins guilty
and hold him for trial. An offense of that nature is
about as a petty mind can devise and a cow
ature perpetrate. Tt is significant at once of
In- meanness, his malice, his revengeful instincts and
irdice. It atti sts that he is not only unrit for
the office he holds, but i- not worthy of social recog
nition in any decent community.
It is possible, of course, that Mr. Perkins has been
the only victim of the spite of this malicious fool in
office. Nevertheless it must be borne in mind that
other persons against whom Rodden has a prejudice
may have been haled before his court and compelled
to submit to such judgment as his malice prompted
without regard to evident, A malicious mind finds
cause for enmity on every side, and not a few of the
residents within his di-tricf Who have excited his spite
may have been made to suffer as much of wrong as
he has had the courage to inflict.
The case is one that call- lor little comment. The
fact? of themselves are sufficient to arouse public in
dignation. In the Justice Courts are tried the causes
and the -nits of the common people. The great mass
of small law case- and criminal charges of all kinds
are heard before such magistrates. A considerable
number of persons who are summoned before Jus
tice Courts are neither rich nor influential, and are
therefore dependent lor justice upon the integrity of
:irt itself. It is therefore imperative that the
magistrates of such courts be honest men. and the
fact that such a spiteful fool as Hodden presides as a
Justice of the Peace in Marin County constitutes a
menace to the property and the liberty of every citi
zen in his district.
■nor Gage would not declare a holiday to do
honor to the return of the California Volunteer.,.
Governor Roosevelt of New York has declared two
holidays in honor of the home-coming of Dewey. It
.-'ll depends upon the caliber of the Governor, and
everybody knows that Roosevelt is a big gun.
Lieutenant Peary, according to the latest reports,
has lost his toes through freezing in the far north.
One would hardly suspect the lieutenant of so bad a
if "cold feet."
There is no truth in the statement made by a morn
ing contemporary that the Republicans of San Fran
cisco are grooming a dark horse for Mayor.
After the Trust Conference at Chicago comes the
Anti-Trust Conference at St. Louis, but it won't be
.mi improvement.
Bryan did not wish his speech at Chicago to be
construed as a reply to Cockran, and it is safe to say
it will not be.
THE STATE FAIR
TIU-: great success of the State Fair at Sacra
mento is gratifying tv every public-spirited
California!!. ,
Prior to midsummer The Call kept before the pco
j pie reasons why the annual exposition of the States
resources and energies should be a success, and pre
dicted that it would excel any previous effort oi re
cent years in that line.
When men err in their plans and policies in the
conduct of such an exhibition criticism of their error
is proper without having in it any rancorous personal j
element. The directory of the State Agricultural So- j
ciety had been for years a rather dose corporation, :
■ which seemed to have secured for itself perpetual
succession. Perhaps rather too much of its time and
attention were given to the continual intrigue re
quired to maintain such succession, and too little to
; the vast and progressive changes and advances made ;
; in the interests in whose behalf the fair was intended j
to be held. Too much weight was put upon the im- |
portance of that great productive industry, pool
selling and bookmaking, and only the mistaken di
rectory was to blame if agriculture, horticulture, mm'
■ ing, lumbering, manufacturing, the vintage and the
arts and sciences, which engage the thought and toil
of SO many of our people, felt that they were reduced
', to a secondary place. It was this feeling that gener- I
I ated the hostility which threatened entire withdrawal
of the State's patronage of the State Fair.
This year's experience has changed all'this. The
newer energies and fresh personalities which appeared
[in the directory have proved to be abreast of the times,
j equal to the original purpose of the exhibition, and so
' in touch with the vital interests of the State as to be
i able to make the occasion not only a revelation of ;
''■ what has been done by the people, but a distinct and
valuable inspiration to their further effort and greater i
! progress. The board. From it- active and sympa
thetic president to its keenly intelligent secretary,
came into touch with every interest, and the result
has been the gratifying success which we were able
to predict in advance out of abundant faith in the
effect of a changed and bettered policy.
The track took its proper place, as the means of
Stimulating interest in one form of the State's ma- '.
terialitics. as necessary to show the climatic effect
favorable to the development of the horses descended
from Diomed and Rysdyk's Hambletonian as a load
and harness are to test the traction power of the
Percherons, Normans, Cleveland Bays and other draft !
horses. In other words, it was a feature of the ex
hibition that illuminated instead of obscuring all other
features, and was so conducted as to add to the amuse
ment and pleasure of the time without detracting
from its many other pleasures and amusements.
The show of neat cattle, sheep, -wine and all do
mestic animals was convincing of a fact that is more
general in the economies of California than in any
ttlier State In the Eastern States what came to be j
; known as "native breeds" had to be slowly bred out
to make room for stock that had been intelligently
bred for ages toward a definite utility. The shaggi
and scraggy native cattle, dwarfed in carcass and
deficient in quality through shifting for themselves
for many generation-, yielded slowly to the beef
breeds and to the Jerseys carefully developed for the
creamery as pro. hirer- of butter fats, and the Hol
stein.> and Dutch-Frisians, as carefully selected for
their conversion of forage into casein, for use in the
cheese Factory. In like manner the native hog. with
hi- snout elongated in his struggle for existence, be
cause in each succeeding generation he had to root
deeper or die. retired sullenly before the Suffolk,
Chester-White, Poland-China and other -trains care
fully bred to get the most pork on the shortest leg.
and whose snouts were shortened by removing the
necessity for incessant rooting. As with cattle and
-wine it was >\ith sheep, chickens and all animals that i
flock or herd upon the farm.
In California, new land and free from a past as it
was, from almost the beginning of agriculture the
ranchers equipped themselves with improved breeds,
and so it has come to passthatfrom horses to dogs one
find- but few scrubs or curs. The State Fair this year
impressed this fact upon strangers and all visitors.
Our people know the economy and profit of keeping
the best, and secure it. They would a- soon think of
planting orchards of choke pears and choke cherries
as stocking their pens and pastures with common cat
tle and razor-spined hi \i;s.
The directors deserve credit and praise for making j
the fair a demonstration of all this, and the Citizens'
Committee, through which Sacramento so usefully
co-operated, may vit-w its labor-, with the keenest
satisfaction, inasmuch as for the iir-t time in many
years the fair has passed without giving pretext for
the criticisms degenerating into libel, which have here
tofore been rife in the State. It is manifest that mak
ing the fair a success, interesting in it every producer
and public-spirited citizen within our borders, lias not
only eliminated offensive features, but has given the
press and people something useful to think of and so
has diverted attention away from rinding faults and
flaws.
The report that the Dreyfus indignation meeting
called to assemble at Hyde Park, in London, at
tracted only the usual idlers of the city recalls the
statement made by the London Chief of Police some
years ago that no matter what kind of meeting was
called in the parks or squares of London it was al
ways the same crowd that assembled. A whole lot
of noise that passes for the voice of an indignant peo
ple is after all only the clamor of irresponsible per
sons who shout just because they have nothing else
to do. and applaud at a mass-meeting as other folks
applaud at a theater.
BRYAN AMD COCKRAN.
IT has not gilded any <>f the plumes in Mr. Bryan's
helmet that he suffered himself to take part in the
Trust Conference at Chicago and be put in con
trast to men who are in the habit of preceding speech
upon any subject with thought on that subject.
His refusal to debate with Hon. Bourke Cockran
was an exhibition of over caution incompatible with
his attitude of infallibility. He first became notorious
through a persistently repeated challenge to Mr.
Cleveland and Mr. Carlisle to enter into joint debate
with him. His fervid fondness for that means of
manifesting himself seems to have cooled to such an
extent that alter his meeting with Cockran was an
nounced he flinched and retreated. An attentive read
ing of Cockran's speech and of Bryan's, delivered
next day. reveals the cause of the Nebraska man's
abstention from combat. Cockran's speech is a mas
terly statement of the trust issue, its cause and its
remedy. The remedy requires no doubtful interpreta
tion of constitutional power, but is ample and amply
within the powers now derived from the fundamental
law. His exposition of the need of a statute of pub
licity and the means of legal restraint puts a dear hori
zon to the whole question.
Mr. Bryan's speech remarketed the platitudes of his
San Francisco speech, especially his arrant and inex
cusable misquotation from Lincoln, and, instead of a
clear horizon, put around the whole issue a circular
fogbank in which his voice droned like a foghorn,
THE PAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER 19, 1899.
■ which warns of a danger without suggestion ot a rem
i edy. As Cockran had declared that among the means
'of reducing the power of a trust tariff protection
should be withdrawn from it, Bryan, in order to an
tagonize him, disputed this, and his supporters will
be pained to have such a big spoke knocked out of
I their wheel. For the rest he contented himself with
! running up and down the gamut of "solemn warnings"
! and "viewing with alarm/ The situation affected him
badly, and there ran through his speech an undertone
of conviction that Bryan himself is the remedy for all
public evils. He is evidently of opinion that he is a
■ pill that will cure the national liver of its torpidity, and
! a nerve and bone liniment which will set right the
sprains and bruises of the national body. \\ hen he
speaks he thinks, but his thought is: "Take me. I
am the arnica and the Pond's extract; the liver pad
and porous plaster; the cholagogue and emulsion; no
other required.''
His .quackery, like all quackery, depends on words,
, words, high-sounding terms and phrases. Cockran
: measured him perfectly when he said: "I am free to
confess that when you have called an aggregation of
capital a combination, "a hydra-headed monster, an
octopus." you cast no light that can illumine my
pathway. I can understand how the use of these
phrases can have some effect, as nothing frightens
pebple so much as incomprehensible names. Let a
r.oise be made now that we don't understand and we
I will all be looking out of the windows. Men can be put
to intellectual flight by the terrifying noises of sound."
That is the correct estimate of Mr. Bryan as a tocsin,
a drumhead, a gourd lull of peas, making a noise that
is inexpressive of thought. His idea of politics is
copied from the Chinese idea of war. Instead of in
venting defensive arms and paying attention to tac
tics, the Chinese military establishment encourages
the invention of gongs, tomtoms and other racket
producing instruments which can make such a jargon
of sound as to terrify the enemy with a noise which
it never heard before and therefore is afraid of.
But Mr. Bryan is not a new invention. He emitted
sound and propagated fury in 1806, and has been at
' it ever since. His noises are all registered and known
and excite no more terror than the vesper braying
of the useful jack or the matin gurgle of a Shang
■ hai rooster.
The story that General Otis sentenced a soldier to a
year's confinement in Bilibid prison solely because
the soldier wrote a letter to the general without ob
taining a permit from his regimental officers is in
teresting as a campaign tale, but is not likely to be
true. General Otis is not popular and may not be a
great commander, but there is no reason for believ
ing he has turned into a senseless tyrant.
SOMETHING other than accident must be the
controlling cause of so many railway catas
trophes following one another with such rapid
succession as have taken place on the Southern Pacific
system within this State since the notable one at New
man last July, in which two tourists on their way to
the educational convention at Los Angeles were killed
;uid eight other persons injured.
If each case be considered alone doubtless a good
showing can be made to prove it to have been caused
by unavoidable accident or by some carelessness
of subordinate employes of the road, but when the
whole scries is* taken into consideration and the fact
is noted that since July there have been ten accidents
(Mi the Southern Pacific system, it will certainly ap
pear to intelligent men there must be something
wrong with the management of the roads. What we
call "accidents" arc as subject to law as other events,
and when they occur with groat frequency on a par
ticular system of railways and in a particular locality
it is a fair inference that the law which determines
them i^ one lor which the management is largely re
sponsible.
In cases of this kind that arc to come before the
courts in the trial of suits for damages The Call has
no desire to inflame the popular mind <>r to excite
prejudice against the company. Still it is evident that
something should be done to enforce upon the South
ern Pacific Company a better supervision of its roads
in this State and a safer manner of operating them.
Whether it be the economy enforced by the president
and hoard of directors, or whether it be the incom
petency of the general manager, it is clear that 'acci
dents are too numerous and follow one another too
rapidly.
The verdict of the Coroner's jury at the inquest
upon the bodies of the victims of the Famoso wreck
is that they came to their death by a collision of trains
"due to the negligence of the employes of the South
ern Pacific." That presents the subject as far as the
Coroner's inquiry could go, and perhaps in that case it
maj* be as far as the most searching inquiry could
have gone, but in many instances the wrecks due ap
parently to negligence of employes may have been the
result of overwork or of the employment of inefficient
men on account of economy. The punishment of sub
ordinate employes will have no effect in determining
the company to improve its management and exer
cise a truer economy hereafter. What is needed is
some means of making the managers of the roads
feel their responsibility and take the steps required
to make railway accidents less frequent.
An English army officer is in this country for the
purpose of securing a thousand mules for use in
South Africa. This wandering so far from the seat
of expected trouble is a tacit admission by the Brit
ish that all the harsh things they have been saying
about the mulishness of the Boers are untrue.
Whenever the war cloud hangs most darkly over
South Africa old man Kruger writes an evasive re
ply to the British, and before they can make out what
he means the clouds roll by and the negotiation^
begin again.
There is some talk that the next Democratic Na
tional Convention may meet at Milwaukee. In such
an event "Bryan and Beer" would be an appropriate
slogan for the ensuing campaign.
The demand for Chickasaw brides is sure to fall
off. A bill has been introduced in the Legislature of
Oklahoma raising the price of marriage licenses from
$50 to $1000.
Next month the first class battleship Kentucky will
be launched. Just imagine the shudder that will run
along the spine of the Blue Grass State when she
takes to water.
The town of Dyea is to be put on scows and moved
across Lynn Canal to Skaguay. Here is an op
portunity for a good, vigorous cyclone to be of some
use.
The Crown Prince of Japan is to build a temblor
proof castle. He will think it a castle in the air if one
of our good, healthy Kansas cyclones ever locates it.
Paris is to lose another historic palace, but this
time demolition will be the work of rightful owners
and not the fury of the mob.
RAILROAD ACCIDENTS.
IRRIGATION INVESTIGATIONS
WILL BEGIN IN CALIFORNIA
The Government Has Appointed Professor Harry H. Hirst of
> the University of California on the Important Work.
Mr. Edward P. Adams, Wrights, Cal.— Dear Sir: I have the honor to ac
knowledge the recelpi of your letter of August 30, inclosing a petition signed
by citizens of California, asking that Mr. Elwood Mead be detailed 'by the de
partment i.. conduct a series of irrigation Investigations in California.
The importance am! desirability of such an investigation are readily granted,
and it is the desire of the department to conduct such investigation as your pe
titioners desiiv, and to do this promptly and efficiently. It does not. however, seem
feasible to detail Mr. Mead to work continuously in California in immediate
charge of this investigation, as his duties as expert in charge of all the irri
gation Investigations of the department require that most of his time shall
be given t<> the general supervision of this large enterprise. Mr. Mead, has,
however, given considerable time to the consideration of the needs of irrigated
agriculture in California and to determining who are proper agents for con
ducting useful investigations in each State.
On his recommendation. Professor Harry H. Hirst of the University of Cali
fornia has been Belected to have immediate charge of this investigation, and pro
vision has been made for the employment of assistants as far as may be
necessary to secure the prompt completion of the work. Professor Hirst will
be given leave of absence by the University of California, so as to devote his
time and energies fully to our work. The plans and instructions for this work
will be drawn by Mr. Mead and he will give the enterprise close supervision by
visiting California from time to time and corresponding with our agents there.
1 trust that this arrangement will be satisfactory to your petitioners and to
the people <'f California and that you will assure the signers of this petition that
both tli.' Secretary of Agriculture and myself, as well as Mr. Mead, highly
appreciate the int. rest which they have manifested in the irrigation investiga
tions of the department and that we earnestly desire to accomplish results in
our work in California which will be of much use to the vast agricultural in
teresta of that greal St;it<\ Very respectfully yours, A. C. TRUE. Director.
United States I »epartm<'nt of Agriculture, Office of Experiment Stations. Wash
ington. D. •'.. Sept. S, 1899.
PRESS COMMENTS
The Situation Exaggerated.
saunas maex.
A Castroville correspondent of the San
Francisco Examiner gives a highly ex
aggerated account of iish dying in the
Salinas River near that place, which is
attributed to the water used at the
Spreckels sugar factory Mowing into the
stream. The correspondent in question
wants the factory closed down and says
that a special meeting of the Hoard of
Supervisors will be called to tak> action
upon the matter. The alleged facts aro
for the most part the offspring of a lively
Imagination. The situation is greatly ex
aggerated. Besides, it would be better
thai i very tish in the river should die
from the factory to Moss Landing than
that the big mill should be shut down. All
persons living along the river have wells
for domestic use.
. ♦ . .
Don't Pay the Tax
Contra Costa Gazette.
In San Francisco Tuesday Judge Troutt
gave a decision to the effect thai Wells,
Fargo & Co. and not the Bhipper was
obliged to put the one-cent revenue
stamp on the shipping receipt. This is
the second decision that has been ren
dered against the company, and it seems
that it is about time that J. J. Valentine.
the anti-expansionist, and who is against
everything that affects the coffers of the
gigantic corporation that he represents,
should be getting his eyes "pen. In the
future the people <<f tin's town and county
should refuse to pay the cent. They have
been robbed lons enough.
SOME OF BURNS' VOTES.
Red Bluff Sentinel.
Tho Woodland Mail seems to think that
T). M. Burns should Vie elected Senator
because the San Francisco press has lied
about him. The residents of this State
have been acquainted with him and his
record for the past twenty years. It
should be sufficient to defeat him that the
great majority of the people don't want
him. If there should he an election held
and the question should be Burns or no
Senator, Colonel Dan would not pet over
100 votes in Tehama County, and all the
balance would be "no Senator."
War Tax on Wells, Fargo & Co.
Sacramento Bee.
Wells, Fargo & Co. has lost at San
Francisco another suit brought against
the company for damages because it re
fused to transmit a package by express
" HOME, SWEET HOME"
♦ y^l , 1T L ascnt the r( * lment . as he finishes the first of a three-sheet
posteD-Thank heaven! home again from them blamed Spanish trenches Homo
where I'm sure of havin 1 a good square meal always In sight irencnes - Homi "
I unless the sender prepaid the war tax
which the Government designed that the
I company should pay. The company so far
; has lost all suits of this kind, and if the
: public would bring action on each case
for $'■ and costs, from the judgment on
which there can be no appeal, the wealthy
corporation would Boon find it more ex
pensive to shirk its payment of the war
tax than to pay it.
Sacramento merchants who have threat
ened suit find that their goods aro carried
! without collection of the one cent on each
i package, the company, of course, affixing
I the stamp.
LATEST STORIES
of the
FUNNY MAN.
Appreciated.
Watts— Did you see that story about an
arrowhead being brought up from a
depth of more than 1500 feet under
ground?
Potts— Yes. Strikes me the fellow that
shot it that deep into the earth must
have been a pretty good man in his
time.— lndianapolis Journal.
Jack— That shows how a girl can be dis
tant without being cold.
Tom— What does?
"That picture of a Philippine belle."—
Cornell Widow.
There is a woman in Alleghany who
dearly loves* to use big words, and she
does not always use them correctly. The '■
other day a neighbor complained of inces
sant pain in her back, whereupon the user
of big words said:
"I would consult Dr. Pellets for pains
in the back. He's the finest backteriolo
gist that I know of. I '— Pittsburg Chronicle.
In the Mography of Dr. rlawtrey, a fa
mous English schoolmaster, there is a de
scription of his unkempt appearance, with
a comment which has been greatly
quoted. It is said that he was scolding j
for being late at morning lessons some !
boy, who replied that he had no time to I
dress.
"But I can dress in time," said the doc
tor.
"Yes." replied the boy, "but I wash "—
Exchange.
"Charlie Youngpop's baby is beginning
to talk now."
"Has Charlie been boring you with
stories about it?" " WUn
"No, but I sat near him at the lunch
counter to-day, and I heard him say ab
sent-mindedly to the waiter girl 'Dim me
a jinky water, pease. 1 "—Catholic Stand
ard and Times.
Grimes (to Spencer, who has told one of
the best stories)-Ha ha! Do you know
Spencer. I always did like that story
Spencer-I thought you must "hnv P
heard it several times. You wouldn't be
likely to tumble to the joke the first time
you "heard it, you know.— Boston Tran
script.
'Will one in the class." asked the
teacher of rhetoric, "give a better form
to the sentence. 'John can ride the mule
if he wants to?' " .
"John can ride the mule if the mule
wants him to," said the boy with the bad
eye.— Chicago Tribune.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
E. O. Kraft, a banker of Red Bluff, is
at the IJck.
Al Griffin, the Fresno real estate man,
is a guest at the Grand.
A. W. Fox, a mining man of Grants
Pass, Or., is registered at the Grand.
J. S. Fcron of Shanghai arrived Sun
day on the Coptic and wont to the Palace.
\V. M. Graham, a prominent mining en
gineer of Hartford. Conn., is at the Pal
ace.
Jospph McClay. a wealthy mining man
ot' Calaveraa County, is a guest at the
Russ.
Frank R. Jones. U. S. A., arrived from
Manila on the Coptic yesterday and regis
tered at the Palace.
H. C. Perry and wife of Honolulu are
guests at the Occidental. They arrived
Sunday on the Coptic.
Hon. John Barrett. ex-Minister to Slam,
is expected to arrive at the Palace this
morning from the north.
S. D. "Wagnes, a well-known business
man of Marshville, Or., is registered at
the I-ick, where he arrived yesterday.
Dr. D. E. Roberts, one of the leading
physicians of Calaveras County, is at the
Grand on a little pleasure trip to this
city.
Among those who arrived in the city
yesterday and went to the Russ was J.
A. Morehead, a well-known mining man
of Uokcotta, Wash.
Lewis Einstein and family are regis
tered at the Lick. Mr. Einstein is a
prominent banker and one of the wealth
iest residents of Fresno.
Mrs. S. L. Bee of this city returned
yesterday from the Orient, where she
has been making a tour of pleasure. She
is staying at the Palace, and has her son
Everett with her.
Vice President Payson and Chief Engi
neer Storey of the Valley road left yes
terday for a trip of inspection over their
line as far as Bakerstleld. They will be
gone until the end of the week.
W. H. Keith, the popular barytone, left
on the Queen to make an extended trip
through Canada, the East and Europe.
He was accompanied by his mother, and
expected to be gone some time.
\V. K. Miller of Troy, Kans., is among
the recent arrivals at the Occidental. He
is accompanied by his family and will
probably remain to witness th<» arrival
of thu volunteers from his State.
R. D. Bucknam. superintendent of the
Pacific Mail Steamship Company at Pan
ama, was one of yesterday's arrivals at
the Occidental 1 . He is on a trip to the
city which combines business and pleas
ure and is accompanied by his mother.
Chief Justice Judd of Honolulu was a
passenger on the Coptic, which arrived
in port on Sunday. He was accompanied
by Mrs. Judd. and as soon as the vessel
docked they went to the Hotel Richelieu,
where rooms had beeen reserved for
them. Their snn and Charles A. Hart
well, son of Judge Hartwell of Honolulu.
registered at the Occidental.
E. O. MeCormick. general passenger
traffic manager •.f the Southern Pacific
Company, left last Saturday night for
Denver. " He went to attend a preliminary
meeting of the Western Passenger
t'a Association, which has for its
object the arrangement of a meeting to
beheld later in Chicago, where the_ north
ern lines will be invited to send repre
sentatives, in the hope that the rate dif
ferences may now be adjusted.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. Sept. IS.— F. E. Keat
ing, Myron McHenry and wife and F. ML
Lee and wife of San Francisco are at the
Wellington. W. P. Reddington of San
Francisco is at the Shoreham. J. T.
Wvraen of Oakland is at the St. James.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
THE DI'RRANT CASE— V. R. S., Oak
land, Cal. The testimony given upon the
trial of W. H. T. Durrant for murder has
not been published in book form for gen
eral circulation.
CIVIL SERVICE POSITIONS— A. R.,
City. A woman can take an examination
under the civil service rules for any posi
tion which she is not physically disquali
fied from filling. Application for exami
nation blanks should be made at the de
partment the applicant seeks to enter.
SQUARE FEET— W. C. H.. City. To
multiply two feet by two feet will not
give as a result four square feet any more
than multiplying two beans by two beans
would give four square beans. If two
square feet are multiplied by two square
feet the result will be four square feet,
PRIVATE RESIDENCES— B. H. L.,
City. The stone of which the Flood man
sion on Nob Hill was built is the Connect
icut brownstone, and that of which the
Claus Spreckels building on Van Ness
avenue is constructed is the Arizona red
stone. You can ascertain the cost of pri
vate residences by consulting the contract
book in the City and County Recorder's
office. The building on the northwest cor
ner of Washington and Laguna streets
was built for Mary I. Crocker.
STREET GRADES— M. D., City. The
grade of a street in the city of San Fran
cisco cannot be changed by a railroad
company at will, but when a railroad
company lays down a track it must do
so according to the official grade. In
a number of instances the streets have
not been up to the official grade and when
a railroad company built a track on the
true grade there was some difference with
the track space and the rest of the Btreet.
A change of grade can be had only by
act of the Board of Supervisors on the
petition of a majority of those having
frontage on the street where a change is
sought. ___
SOLDIERS' HOME— H. E. P. and E. P..
City. The Soldiers' Home at Santa M'in
ica consists of a number of buildings
erected at various times and by different
contractors. Construction was commenced
during the fiscal year June 30, ISBB. and
was continued from time to time as neces
sity arose for greater capacity, owing to
Increased membership. The following is
a list of the principal contractors on the
several buildings: David Perry, San Fran
cisco, barracks A. B, C and I) : Robert
Beyrle, Los Angeles barracks E; Mc-
Nally & Faulkenhan, Los Angeles, bar
racks F; Jona A Jay. Los Angeles, bar
racks G; Child. Hatton 'V Held. Los An
geles, barracks H; Robert Beyrle. Los An
geles dlhing-hall, hospital in administra
tion building, hospital m north wing, head
quarters building and laundry, McNally
& Faulkenhan. Los Angeles, hospital
smith winir B. D. Kronnick, Los Angeles,
main kUchcn; Child. Hatton & Field. Los
4neeles bakery; John Hannon, Los An
ireiea 'governor's present residence;
Mitc'hel & Wilson, Los Angeles, surgeon's
residence- Ford & Co., Palms, farmer's
residence' and stable : Sinclair & Beer.
San Diego, chief engineer's cottage, guard
house and bay barn; De Ware & Chis
holm Los Angeles, power house; C. A.
Conant & Co., Ward memorial hall.
Mathis & Har.pt of Los Angeles have re
cently entered into a contract with the
home for the erection of a chapel.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per Ib at Townsenda. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street Telephone Main 1042. ♦
War Tax on Stocks.
Internal Revenue Collector Lynch re
ceived yesterday from the Internal Reve
nue Commissioner a decision to the effect
that the stamps representing the war tax
accruing to the original Issue of stock
shall be affixed to the stock certificates
and not to tho stubs of the stock books.
No well-regulated household should be with
out Dr. J. G. B. Siegert & Sons" Angostura
Bitters, uneaualed as an appetizer.PRECAUTIONS TO
PREVENT DANGER
FROM INFECTION
Company M Isolated
at Angel Island.
DELAY FOR THE THIRTY-FIRST
«
TRANSPORT STRIKE MAY CAUSE
SHORTAGE OF CAMP ROOM.
The date for the departure of the |
Thirty-first Regiment has passed, an<>
still the command Is encamped at j
the Presidio. The transport is lying !
out In the str* am awaiting the troops.
idj to sail, but th*
regiment will not be allowed to g» un
til every one is Biire all danger from
Emallpox has pass .!.
It was thought at one time yesterday
that two more men had been Infi
but a more rigid examination Bhow«4 only
chicken pox. The two men were i«»lated,
ar, and they will t><' kept in seclu
sion until they have recovered.
Company M of the Thirty-first Regi
ment, the company to which White, the
smallpox patient . has been Bent
over to the "detention" camp on Angel
Island, there to await the possible devel
opment of other cases. There will be do
. however, unless 'he doctors hay» ;
miscalculated, for the one case was
promptly taken in charge.
The question of room for all the troops
going- and coming is being further com
plicated by the trouble among the men
in the transport l; has been so
closely calculated that regiments have
been moving into quarters just vacated
py others, and since t li • ■ new regiments
>ut of the Bast
the tide Betting westward has been as
heavy as that of the homecomers.
It was expi ;ted that th< rhirty-flrst
■would be away yesterday, leaving place
lor the Thirty-third, to arrive from Texas
»f the Thirty-first
might be remedied (» the d< partun of the ',
Twenty-seventh, 1 k --.i to leave to-day
and to-morrow on thi Tac ma and Elder.
The strikt- i']] th' 1 transports may delay
these md the Twenty-seventh
•may not pet away In tin; room
for the Thirty-thin':. The Thirty — -
due to arrive here from Kansas nn
tin- 20th inst., and ihe Thirtieth is due to ;
Bail o i the same •'. i on the Sherman. It .
will i■• c, but with the an-
I ■ • ention camp on Angel
m (dating a rt*gl- ;
: Mill the present recruit camp i
Presidio, which is not tilling up very rap- ,
idly, the troops will l>e given accommoda
tion. As a last resort, however, the
Twenty-seventh may be taken from the j
Tacoma and Elder and may be ass i
to the Grant, which can sail r once, leav- ,
: Thirty-first to find othe*
This week three of the volunteer com- j
will be mustered out the Califor
. Thursday, and the Wyo
ming I ...I th- [da ho regiment on i
This will 1- ay ■ pla< c for six
lons, but three of them will be filled
almost any time, i^r the Valencia and
. in. can tana rogi
ment, Th< North Dakota men
v. ill be mustered out Monday next, and
9 ;uh Dakota and Minnesota regt
:
■ en the troops left
turn are the Kansans, coming on the
■ !<>w a and Tern ■
c -Manila.
ime ..f the offl
■ • .• Thirty-flrsi regiment and to
•t major. Captain Adams, the
. ■ ■ and
i 'ompany < ; was ap
■■ position. First Lieuten-
S. Payne « as made a captain;
• William H. M
eani Major Jen
si cond lieu
">; I >anforth of th-»
lirst battal i de regimental quar
■
Th< guard of the Thirty-third
t th< Presidio yester
■ tnposed of C >mpany E,
mmand of Captain Davies. with
. guard was a large amount of
... tea for f he field and
The Thirty-third is
nel Luther H. Hare.
It wan In Texas and the adjoin-
B rgeon John S. Hill
has •■■ ?ned to the transport Cen
■ ■ • ■ j Vsf Istant Bur
j P. S Kellogg v ■ n assigned
•
l.j. lonel l>i]. -at. recently ap-
S. .1 to the Forty-ninth Infantry, left
Jefferson, where
i will have its headquarters.
r Noble, recently appointed assist
of volunteers, lias heen re-
I from his duties as aid on General
His duties ac inspector of
small-arms practice in this department
assigned to Lieutenant Wilson,
. m aid to General Shafter.
• Arthur P. W itts,
has been assigned to
with the recruits at the I'residlo
gnment to Manila. Second
Willis V. Coleman, Ninth In
fantry, ha? also been similarly assigned
lit service.
J. W. BLADE'S BENEFIT.
Sincere Thanks Are Extended to All
Those Who Assisted.
A communication has been sent to The
Call by E. R. Moss, president of the Pa
cific Coast Walters' Association, in which
th.-inks are extended to all those who as
sisted In the benefit to John W. Sl.ide at
the Alhambra on Sunday. September 3.
"The association," Bays Mr. Moss, "is
sincerely grateful to the performers who
so kindly volunteered their services, and
to a generous public who packed the
house. The kindness of Father McKin
non will ever be a pleasant memory to
all who heard his eulogy of the brave
California hero, J. W. Blade. Praises are
due to the members of the First Cali
fornia Volunteers who disposed of tickets
to the amount of $150. Mrs. A. 8. Town
send once again proved the noble wo
man «he is by substantial assistance, and
our heartfelt thanks are due to The Call
for notices and other favors."
The following is a report of the ex
penses and disbursements, showing a bal
ance" of $371 ■•, which has been deposited
in the Hlbernla Bank to the credit of
Mr. ade:
Bale of tickets ••••, ■ $982 75
Mr* A H Townsend (six boxes) 166 00
Mayor J. P- Phelan (one box) 25 00
Hon. R. Porter Ashe (on" box) 20 00
Total sale . $11*3 75
Private donation*—
Mr* A. S. rownwnd 44 00
Mrs "W. K. Dean« 10 CO
T H Thtrkettl** 500
\V. W. Fc.ote 5 60
Andy Buerk * JO
Owens & Varn*y J 7S
Bli be & Green I ■■'
"Grand total r«2j>6 75
Expenses -" J •'•'
Krt profit *?71 20
The work donated was printing by Han- !
cock Bros.. Wlgsby, Goldstein & Co., and
Owens & Variiey.'bill posting.
The Anhtus£i-Busch DARK
is a now brew of the lar«eMt brewery in the
world that Tin^efp^ the merit of being an
old "tyl " Gorman brew, mellow, nutritious
anJ nala table beyond any other dark beer
ever given to the pul>ll^.
CRIME AMONG SOLDIERS.
Judg-e Graham Will Ask General
Shnfter to Have a Provost Guard
Patrol the City.
Albert Sussex of the Thirtieth Infantry,
charged with robbery for knocking down
and taking V. from Rudolph Urban of the
Twenty-seventh Infantry Friday night,
eot th<- benefit of the doubt, from Judge
Graham yesterday and was discharged.
C-intain Harrison Kerrick of his company
testified as to «>is pood character.
The Judge nald he would write a letter
to General Shafter asking him. In conse
auence of the rapid increase of crime
among the Hera, chiefly caused by
drunkenness, to have a provost guard
patrol the city every night to take
arunken soldier* to their quarters.
October styles Standard Patterns, the only
high rade. low priced seam-allowing P»"««»;
-—.«atlc Office. 1021 Market et.. near bixth.
AUSPICIOUS OPENING OF
ST. ANTHONY'S CHURCH FAIR
THE fair and bazaar in aid of St.
Anthony"* Church and school on
Army street, near Folsora, was
auspiciously op< ned last evening,
and judging from the large crowd in
att< ndance it is safe to say that the
object for which the fair is being
given, namely, the lifting of the
church and school debt, will be fully
accomplished.
The largo auditorium mi the -
floor of the school building has been
pressed into Berviee for the fair, which
will last two weeks. Some fifteen
booths have been artistically arranged
around the sides of the hall and many
charming young ladles <>f the parish
vied with one another in selling arti
:" all descriptions to the chari
tably inclined.
The exercises last evening in honor
of the opening consisted of a few In
troductory remarks l>y Father Ra
phael Fuhr. pastor of the church, who
explained the obje< ts of the fair and
made an earnest appeal to those pres-
Icnd their financial assistance
!!■ raising the necessarj funds. He
then Introduced Mayor Phelan. who
delivered the address of the evening.
The Mayor congratulated Father Ra
phael and the people under his charge
on the laudable w.irk in which they
are engaged, th;u of teaching the
youthful mind. He spoke of the rapid
growth of the surrounding section
which a few years ago was a com
parative wildenu ss. He concluded
;: :^.. by urging his hearers to din down
deep in their pockets for the occa
sion.
The muslral portion of the pro
gramme consisted of vocal numbers
by a chorus of forty voices, led by
Father Raphael, and piano and zither
bi lei tions by the following young la
dies: Misses Lulu ('urtts, i-iouise
Ruegg, May and Frances Schoenst'in,
[xtuise and Constance Schmitz and
Emma Christen.
It is the intention to have an in
teresting programme every evening
during the fair, which will also be
opened Tuesday. Thursday and Satur
day afternoon; at 1:80 o'clock.
The following ladies are in charge
of the various booths:
Thiri Order Booth MIKM C. r>rrlns, M.
McCarthy, If. Wuu'i. Barab Mclaughlin
and Mrs A. Kenny.
Booth of <-hri?tian Mother?' and Altar
Society— Mrs. MarKaret Christen. Mrs-.
Curtaz, iuperintendents, assisted bj
Mrs I.n tna Furrer. Cecelia Nagrer, Bernar
hdd, .Mrs*. M. Unrt and Mrs. May
Fuhrer.
Th.- Doll Booth- Misses Ol*a Furrer and
L/Izzle Sandmann. superintendents, as
sisted by Misses L,ena Nager, Annie \\>lti.
Josephine Ituckert. Tlllle Wolter, Ellsa
Stoe^sel and Mary Ingenlath.
♦ ♦ ♦ 4 ♦ j ♦ •* ♦ ♦-♦-^ ♦ ♦ ♦ 0
GRAY AND HORTON HAD
DANGEROUS DOLLARS
TKEIR COUNTERFEITING OUTFIT
WAS ABOUT PERFECT.
Special Officer Kelly Swore to the
Complaint, and Bail Was Fixed
at Five Thousand Each.
John Doe Horton, alias Mills, had not
recovered sufficiently from his wounds
yesterday to be removed to the County
Jail, in the custody of United States Mar
shal Shine. He will be taken before Com
missioner Heacock In a day or two for
Identification and a date will be set for
; his preliminary examination.
A complaint was sworn to yesterday
by Special I'oliceman Cornelius Kelly, ac
cusing Horton and his pal. "John Doe
Gray," with the crime of counterfeiting,
I and a warrant was Issued for their ar
rest for that crjme. Gray was taken be
fore the Commissioner at 2 o'clock In the
afternoon and his bonds were tixed at
{5000. Friday was set as the day for the
preliminary examination.
The counterfeiting tools, the molds.
I etc., were taken possession of by I'nitc-d
States Marshal Shine. The outfit was
01 of the best and most complete of
any that have ever been captured on this
coast, and the counterfeit dollars tUrned
out with them an- line examples of work
manship, and very dangerous, as they
COUM be passed easily. This is why thn
i Federal authorities are rejoiced at the
i apture, for had it not been for The Call's
I discovery the city and suburbs would be
Hooded with base coins, and the. gang
I might have escaped detention for a long
i time.
Special Officer Kelly and Marshal Shin.'
i were complimented on all sides yester
| day.
KAHN TO GO EAST.
Accepts an Invitation to Speak From
the Stump in Ohio.
Congressman Kahn has decided to ac
cept the following flattering invitation to
help the. Republican cause in Ohio, and
will leave October 15:
Headquarters Ohio Republican State Executive
Committee, Columbus— September 12, 1599.
Mi 1 >rar .Sir:
: On behalf of the Republican State Executive
Committee of Ohio. I extend to you a cordial
invitation to take part in the speaking cam
paign in this State, between September 23 and
the 7th of November.
As the result in Ohio will have a material
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 19. 1899.
Refreshment Booth— B. Ganss, super
intendent, assisted by Mrs. Catherine Gaut
ncr, Maria Ruegg, Magdalene Reding. Mary
Griffin, Amalla Gahl, Wtihelmine Nusbaum
and Catherine Scanidltch.
Young Ladles' Sodality Booth— Miss Lulu
Curtaz, Miss Mamie Schousten, superintend
ents, assisted by Misses Constance Schmltz,
Louise Schmltz, Anna Kirchen, Louise Xa
ger, Anna Sandmann, Hernardlne Schatyle,
Cecilia Schoensteln and Louise Buecker.
Candy Booth— Miss Emma Christen, Miss
Rosie Nager and Miss Clara Hanbold, su
perintendents, assisted by Misses Emma
KreliiriK. Johana I*ryborowßki and Margaret
Drewes.
£t. Joseph's Booth— Robert Trost, super
intendent, assisted by Anthony Metten, John
M. Nager, Joseph Scheid, F. I r . Schoenstein
and Paul Naner.
Ice cream stand— Misses Louise Rui>kk,
Frances Schoenstein and A'j(?uste Schatzle,
superintendents: assisted by Misses Mary
Sandmann, Olga Voss, Mary Drewes,
Frances Mundesel.
Apron stand- -Mrs. Margaret Bchulken,
Anna Apel, Mary Bkivington and M. Rlm
inens.
Cane .-t:ir.'i- Magda en Schoenstein.
superintendent; assisted by Mrs. I.aulsp
H.of-r. M. Jurg-ena and M Relchllng.
rfice— Misses Minn.' Heuster, Maggie
Sullivan and rtel! • Furr-r.
Grab bag Misses Ida li'i-'-kor. Margaret
Apel. Freda Gohl. Rosle Bohme and Lsuloe
Brownbeck.
Fish Pond Mrs. M. Hanbold. superintend
ent: assisted by Mrs. Henrietta Schilling
and Theresa Arnk<\
Shooting gallery — Anthony Ruorst,
SHIP AND CARGO BURNED AT SEA.
THE American ship George Stetson and her cargo of 1,205.4,7 feet of lumber have been destroyed by fire. The Q
news came from Nagasaki, Japan, to the Merchant*' Exchange yesterday. The telegram simply stated that the C
vessel and cargo had been "destroyed by lire on the Lnoohno Islands," and that "no lives were lust." j|
The Stetson was in trouble from the time she left New York over a year ago. Captain Murphy was arrested jt
on the arrival of the vessel here on a charge of having been Implicated in the death of one of his sailors on the s
high seas. The ship went to the Columbia River and Captain Murphy came down to attend the trial. He was ac- oj
quitted, miii] on his way back to Portland caught pneumonia and died. £
Captain Patton was then sent from San Francisco and took charge of the vessel. He had a great deal of trouble .J
getting a crew, ami the vessel lay a month at Astoria before she was manned. Finnlfy a crew was secured here and C
s<-nt north to the ship. On July 19 the Stetson pot away from the Columbia River for Taku. China, and she had not *
been heard from until yesterday. The Loochoo Islands are between Japan and Formosa, and the general opinion is o *
that when the vessel reached them on her way to China the crew fired the vessel, as there was no love lost between £
the officers and men. *,
The George Stetson was to have gone from China to Honolulu to load supar for New York. She was built In ISSO £
by Arthur Sewall & Co. at Hath, Me., and was 1710 tons net burden. She was 232 feet 9 Inches long, 41 feet 3 inches <ji
broad and 26 feet 3 Inches deep. C
bearlnK on the contest in 1900, It is important
that new questions that have forced them
selves Into the canvass should be thoroughly
understood by our voters before election day.
We feel that, by reason of your familiarity
with and participation In current national af
fairs you could present the Issue* In a man
ner so convincing eh to dispel opposition and
add greatly to our majority.
I therefore, earnestly request your accep
tance, and ask that you inform us what dates
will be most convenient for you. With kind
rejrards, very truly yours.
CHARLES DICK, Chairman.
HON. JUL.IITB KAHX. San Francisco, Cal. i
■ ♦ .
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce have been granted
May K. Coleman from John T. Coleman
on the ground of willful neglect, and Her
man Voight from Mary Voight on the
ground of extreme cruelty. Writs for >
divorce have been fUed bj Julius Isaacs I
against [da Isaacs for intemperance and
Amietta F. M. Tilton against Charles
Tiiton for failure to provide,
Native Sons Banqueted.
El Dorado Parlor. N. S. <J. W., gave a
banquet last night at the California Ho
tel in honor of Its returning members
from tbe Filipino war. The guests of
honor were: Lieutenant John A. Koster,
A! E. Khrenpfort. F. A. Jaggie. E. J.
Colvln. J. P. Gaffney, C. Rockwltz and
L.. J. Schumacher.
Adolph Rosm, Frank Schoensteln and
Charles Oberfeld.
Doll-pins— O. fi-hilllnjr.
Flower Klrl? Misnes Minnie christen,
Minnie Nager and Mary Schelhert.
I C\ RUPTURE CURED, i
[<~ 1 . ,» £a3t t^»2S When we Bay "Rupture Cured" we mean it, Ji
•|»ii( *^^?' *^T* for It Is a fact that thousands of cures have *
C ITIk ■>» .. V*J been acroin:>l!f=hp<l by Dr. Pierces World- J
c V*» ./awjjliu Renowned ELECTRIC TRUSS during the past *'
I \l «v 'P^viiS' twf-nty-fivo years. There Is nothinß else like >■
t I ' =^>»^«tts4»Ta '• ll on p arthl It does the Work. Have received >-
, ■■ > J,, rTVMjf V - po many letters like the following- that we 34.
t '/'X"/ y\^»' V ' **J hardly know what to do with them all: j*.
{ iPWfi*-'^>^^ CURED IN 5 MONTHS! '*;
t V \^' ''^?'"- V 'V. '' Jl^^®P L 532 Schiller Street, Alameda. Cal., J
C \\\\\f^jm^&^j|^^^^V\ DR. PIERCE: It Is with the greatest pleas- J
: ' V ' \ «^T*fflfEw^-y ur " " : "' lam able to inform you that the *
: \ \ NVp^BsfiiSiPa W TrUss which I obtained from you last March *-
[ > v \ I' hr effected a radical cure in my case. *
[: ' * A>)\Vs!O«s^^v^n!!wOTf ' Trusting this may be the means of convinc- jf
! vS\w/w^t| ln other sufferers that you have a perma- 4.
nv^\Cs». SS 1 >Wt\ nent cure. I remain, Gratefully yours, J.
k v^\v^ '1 JH H ■ TOPFER I
: ;■•;; ~ ■ "• V: • n. 1 *j t " cj "• yL.
J j.
: ICTFor price list and full particulars call at the office or send 2c in stamps for our *
; new "BOOKLET No. 1." Address: . >•
|| MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO., |
: 620 Market Street, Opposite Palace Hotel, San Francisco, Cal. >.
'■ <■
\ + +++ + + ++ I** if.if.if. ******** ********************#
:■'-•••-. . . ' ••". .*,"-,' .-r---..- ■ ■ ■" ■ - .' ■.'i ;■-■.>■ -,v. -■•.■'. - - -•■ ■>■;■■-- ;
STRIKE ON THE
TRANSPORTS IS
NOW UNDER WAY
Boilermakers on Two
Ships Walk Out.
PAINTERS MAY FOLLOWTO-DAY
COAL-PASSERS AND FIREMEN
MAKING TROUBLE.
The strike on the Government trans
ports has begun. It is only a small be
| ginning, but there is no telling where it j
j will end. If mutual concessions are not j
j made it may end in the transport service
being driven away from San Francisco.
I Uncle Sam and the contractors are not in
j a position just now to dictate terms, but
• the time is not far off when they will be
; able to do so, and then the workmen and
: the city may suffer.
Yesterday the boilermakers on the Ta
coma and Sheridan struck. They demand
i ten hours' pay for a day's work of eight
! hours, and twenty-six hours' pay for a
night's work of eleven hours. The con
tractors offer ten hours' pay for a nine
i hour day and twenty-two hours' pay for
jan eleven-hour night. The night scale
! applies on both sides to Sundays and hol
idays. The transport Glenogle is to be
examined by the United States Inspectors
of Hulls and Boilers, after which there
i will be considerable work to do on her.
' After her will come the Sherman, Valen-
I cia, Charles Nelson, Zealandia, Olympia, ;
Lennox and Victoria, and if any of them 1
are delayed by the strike it is going to be |
bad for the port.
The demands of the machinists have |
been acceded to, and all the men are
working with a will. The painters have !
made no move, and the chances are that |
they will not, as there are hundreds of j
men eager to take their places. The men i
held a meeting last night, at which the i
matter In dispute was discussed. To-day ]
the result of their deliberations will be
[aid before Captains Barneson and Ben
nett, and some understanding may be
reached.
"The men are going the right way to
drive business away from the port," said
Captain Barneson yesterday. "They are
now employed more steadily than they
have been for years, and because
work is more abundant they want more
pay. It can only result in one thing. If
the men insist upon their demands the
transports will be fitted out somewhere
else. It will be a hard blow to this port,
but the workmen will be co blame for it
all."
The coal passers and firemen on the i
transport Centennial struck last Sunday. '
They refused to work because they were
entitled to a day off. Yesterday morning
they were all paid off and a new crew put
in their place. The Centennial will prob
ably get away to-day with a cargo of
I horses.
George W. Daubs, a painter on the
transport Tacoma, was nearly choked to
death by a fellow v >rkman named Kear
ney yesterday. Daubs asserts that Kear
ney is a "scab" and a poor workman.
Daubs was Bet to work painting the of
ficers' hospital, and Kearney went to
work on the soldiers' quarters. Daubs
was finished first and was sent to help
Kearney. They got to quarreling, and
Kearney struck Daubs on the face with
a paint brush full of paint. He then got '
Daubs down in the scuppers and was i
i choking him to death when the other
' painters rushed in and separated them.
What with the paint and the choking
Daubs was nearly dead, and had to be I
. rushed over to the hospital ship Relief for I
treatment. To-day he will swear out a
warrant for the arrest of Kearney.
ILncon Parlor to Go Fishing.
Rlncon Parlor No. 72, Native Sons of
the Golden West, has arranged to go on a
fishing excursion on the steamer Point
Arena to the Oordell hanks on Saturday
next. The boat will leave at 11 o'clock In
the forenoon from Mission street wharf,
and it will carry but 110 persons.
The drum coips composed of members
of this parlor has elected the following
named as its officers for the current term:
L. F. Berlcano, president; George \V.
Korts. secretary; Henry Raeoulliat. finan
cial secretary, and F." McCarthy, treas
urer. The corps will go on the excursion
to drum up the fish.
Still More Counterfeiting.
The Secret Service has just unearth. another
band of counterfeiters and secured a large
quantity of hojrus bills, which are so cleverly
executed that the average person would never
suspect them of being spurious. Things of
great value are always selected for Imitation,
notably Hostetter's Stomach Bitters, which has
many imitators but no equals for disorders like
indigestion, dyspepsia, constipation, nervous
ness and general debility. Always go to relia
ble druggists who have the reputation of giv-
EHT&EJR H Hn Pnrlfy th 3 Blood,
T fjU? a ¥ ra ?*v Cure BlotcHes, m- :
'f i Li n Ll C*& prove Complexion.
TE a t'S^, lAoa >Ur 10 ccnta- cents. , .
♦>o<s'o<l>o'so<S>o<s>o'^o€'o<s>o<tO::'o<«>o*'o'?
|¥I^HY IS HEALTHFUL! I
♦ fjjK A Natural Mineral Water %
O 3^ with medicinal qualities. 6
o j^^. or Indigestion and °
0 4jSak Stcmaoh Disorders. 9
IS so " " ed VICHY I
% J*~!?B IN SIPHONS *
!P^y ISNOT ¥lESIT|
o M&&0M (Jet the Genuine %
■0.
g A. VIGNIER, Distributing Agent 0
Extra Pale
is a boon to the con-
valescent—a luxury
to the invalid a
pleasure to the
nealtny. Quarts, pints, half-pints.
Your grocer or telephone West 144.
California Bottling Co.
1407-17 Eddy St.
I was afflicted with jf£jFn?^^
catarrh last autumn. ftt£i~hlit\]t\
During the month of i3&tfQs'<Kz rJi \z\
October I could neither Aij^nrifAjptyJ
taste nor smell and *BjT J&^f
j could hear but little. C*^ #4 ,t*^/
I Ely's Cream Balm jT* c & v *'rk\
cured it.— Marcus Geo. j*AS^jj!r*r°X.
Shautz, Rahway, X. J. flni«rMiwM'
Cream Balm is placed into nostrils, spreads
over the membrane and is absorbed. Relief Is
immediate and a cure follows. It is not drying
i —does not produce sneezing. Large size, BOci
at druggists or by mail: trial size, 10c, by mall.
ELY BROTHERS, 56 Warren St.. New York.
STATEMENT
— of the: —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
HARTFORD
STEAM BOILER INSPECTION
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD, IN THE STATE OF CON-
necticut, on the 31st day of December.
! A. D. 1595, and for the year ending on that day,
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
i Slate of Calitornia, pursuant to the Provisions
I of Sections Gin and 611 of the Political Code,
I condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
i missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
' Cash $500,000 00
ASSETS. ~
' Real Estate owned by Company $53,432 91
; Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 301,000 00 :
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 1,682.59100
I Amount of Loons secured by pledge
■ of Bonds, Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral
Cash in Company's Office 523 70
Cash in Banks 97,267 02
i Interest due and accrued on all
i Stocks and Loans
| Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and mortgages 6,982 67
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 246,726 68
Rents due and accrued
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid....
Total Assets .$2.356.523 98
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense $1«.954 27
Losses resisted, including expenses...
Gross premiums on Risks running
one year or less, $84,944 67; rein-
surance 50 per cent 42,497 33
Gross premiums on Risks running
more than one year, $2,481,979 71;
reinsurance pro rata 1,286,705 40
Total Liabilities ..$1.346,187 00
INCOME.
: Net Cash actually received for pre-
| miums $938,82192
! Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages
! Received for Interest and dividends
I on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and from
I all other sources 97,790 24
i Received for profit on Securities
! sold 1.057 46
'■ Profit and Loss collected S5O 00
j Special Mechanical Services 1,977 12
Total Income (. ..$1,039,996 74
Total Income J1.039,996 74
EXPENDITURES. ~~™
Net amount paid for Losses (includ- \ *"
Ing $ losses of previous
years) r.... $55,725 72
Dividends to Stockholders ............ 60,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
| Brokerage 220,002 SO
' Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
| charges for officers, clerks, etc. 43.504 6S
Paid for State, National and local
I taxes 27.5R2 09
Paid for Inspections 329.157 33
I All other payments and expenditures 135,121 03
Total Expenditures $891. 6R
Losses incurred during the year .... $61,007 17
Risks and Premiums. I Risks. I Premiums.
Net amount of Risks!
written during the
year I $119.725.559 $1,067,183 96
Net amount of Risks
expired during thei
year ...., I 114,059.200 i 1,012.034 30
Net amount In force]
December 31. 1598....1 250.000.096 I 2.C66.974 38
J. M. ALLEN, President.
J. B. PIERCE. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 25th
day of January. ISS9.
HENRY E. TAINTOR.
Notary Public.
MANN &~WILSON,
GENERAL AGENTS,
306 SAIN SOME ST.,
; SAN FRANCISCO. CAI*
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
STUPENDOUS TRIUMPH OF THE
GRAND OPERA SEASON.
TO-NIGHT TO-NIGHT. TO-NIGHT.
"OTHELLO."
With Avedano, Salaesa. Lichter, Beckwith,
etc.
"Othello" repeated Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday niehts.
Superb Presentation of
"LOHENGRIN."
Berthald. Mertens, Schuster, Prosnltz and
Llnck. etc., in the cast.
Wednesday, Friday Evenings and Saturday
■ Matinee.
POPULAR PRICES, 2". and 50 cents.
Telephone for Seats, Bush 9.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 532.
I The Greatest Comic Opera Triumph of the
Year.
THIS EVENING-
20Cth Performance of the Season.
Offenbach's Beautiful Comic Opera,
THE
DRUM MAJOR'S
DAUGHTER.
In the Presence of the South Dakota Volun-
teers.
Don't Miss the White and Silver March ;of
Beautiful Girls.
! USUAL POPULAR PRICES—
lie, 16c, 25c, 500
Best Reserved Seat at Saturday Matinee, 250.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
SOLDIER NIGHT TO-NIGHT!
FREDERICK HALLEN and
MOLLIE FULLER.
BRIGHT BROTHERS.
STINSON and MERTON.
TERRY and LAMBERT.
BACHELOR CLUB.
CHARLEY CASE.
CRAWFORD SISTERS.
| HUNGARIAN BOYS' MILITARY
BAND.
Reserved Peats, 23 cents: Balcony. 10 cents;
Opera Chairs and Box Seats, 50 cents.
'■ Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
Telephone Main 532.
ALCAZAR KS
"A TlP"— Secure Seats In Advanc*.
LAUGHING WEEK!
The Funniest Comedy Yet,
TOO MUCH . .
JOHNSON . . .
PRICES 15c, 25c. 35c, 59c.
t
MATINEE EVERY SAT. AND SUNDAY.
NEXT WEEK— "THE IDLER."
COMING BACK TO _SAN FRANCISCO;
•'•THE FASHION PLATE CIRCUS."
16TH AND FOLSOM SIS.,
Only Grounds Lirge Enough In This City.
NINE DAYS, Beginning
SATURDAY, SEPT. 23.
EVERY AFTERNOON AT 2.
EVERY NIGHT AT 8.
WALTER L MAIN'S
3-BING CIRCUS._
feUiAflfPO"*' l*?^3ffl : f ; liii, lATzsrmvan
MAMMOTH MENAGERIE.
RACING CARNIVAL.
DETACHMENT ROOSEVELT'S
ROUGH RIDERS.
CHILDREN'S MENAGERIE
RIDING PONY,
63-HORSE ACT,
TRULY MARVELOUS.
PERFORMED BY ONE MAN.
M ARTINO LOW ANDE,
i The Greatest Bareback Somersault Rider in
the World.
AND 100 OTHER GREAT ACTS.
GRAND NIGHT PARADE
FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 22.
i Reserved Seats at Will & Finck's, SIS Market.
MECHANICS' FAIR
AND
PHILIPPINE EXHIBIT.
— SEE THE REAL WAT
THE FILIPINOS
. LIVE IN OUR NEW
. POSSESSIONS
— FULLY DEMONSTRATED
BY FILIPINOS IN THEIR
OWN VILLAGE.
TO-MORROW NIGHT — THE MACCABEE&
SATURDAY AFTERNOON
CHINESE BABY DAY. DON'T MISS IT.
CONCEBTS AND AESOKTS.
BUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS!
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO II P. M.
h BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M.
ADMISSION. 10c: CHILDREN. sc.
Bathing, Including admission. 25: Children, :0c
KEgS DR. HALL'S REINVIGORATOB
i&lkftJir'- Five hundred reward for any
at* "* aaJ a case we cannot cure. This secret
f 3 . , k remedy stops all losses In 24
iss3 BfrS hours, cures Emissions, Impo-
l7»Tl KTilji tency, Varlcocele, Gonorrhoea.
mm fJOf" Gleet, Fits. Strictures, Lost
iV^SJSL—JOjV Manhood and all wasting effects
1 — ■■ < — of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
eealed $2 bottle; 3 bottles, $5; guaranteed to
cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE 555 Broadway, Oakland, Cal. Also
frr sale it 1073^ Market st., S. F. All private
dtteafces quickly cured. Send for free book.
BAJA CALIFORNIA ,
Damiana Bitters
Is a Great Restorative, invigorator ana Ncr-
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs of both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
aeya and Bladder. Sells oh its own Merits.
NABER. ALFS * BRUNE. Agents.
323 Market street, S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
WeeKly Gall $1.00 Year
78
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver off again. Financial quotations unchanged.
Wheat weak under an increase in the visible supply.
Barlex and Corn dragging at unchanged quotations.
Moderate demand for Oats and Rye.
Beans and Seeds about as previously quoted.
Heavy arrivals of Hay keep the market dawn.
■tufts stand as before quoted.
Sweet Potatoes in free receipt and weaker.
Butter market easy, zxrith medium grades depressed,
i'heese and Eggs as before.
Fruit market moderately supplied and generally steady.
Sharp advance in Lemons. Scarcity of Limes.
Provisions show no change.
Packers again reduce their prices for Hogs.
Poultry in ample supply, but Came scarce.
Charters.
The Coryphene loads Coal at Nanalmo for
Honolulu; Oregon, Lumber on the Sound for
Sydney. 4;.f.
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Time.)
The following maximum temperature were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 52 San Diego 7"
Fresno 100, Sacramento 94
Los Angeles 90 Independence ■■- 90
Red luff 9S Yuma 100
fan Luis 0b15p0.... SO:
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
7?: minimum, 49; mean. 6".
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure is beginning to fall along the
northern coast. An area of low pressure ex
tends from Arizona through California into
Oregon. .
The temperature has risen over the entire
country weet ■' the Rooky Mountains except
alone the coast near San Francisco, where it
has fallen. Dense fog is likely to I --vail Tues
day morning and night along the coast of Cali
fornia. The weather continues favorable for
fruit drying in the great valleys of California.
At Fresno a maximum temperature of 100 de
grees is reported.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, September 19. ISS9:
For Northern California— Fair Tuesday; not
co warm in the Interior; fresh southeasterly
For Southern California— cooler Tues
day.
For Nevada— Cloudy: cooler Tuesday.
For Utah— Cloudy Tuesday.
For Arizona -Fair Tuesday.
For San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy: cool
er Tuesday; westerly wind, with fog in the
morning ami at night.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. There was a further !
drastic liquidation of speculative accounts on j
the Stock Exchang in response to the contin- !
lied attraction of credits by the banks, who
entered upon a struggle to maintain their re
perves within the legal limit. Since Friday
ir.crt' than enouch money has trona, from the
inks to the sub-treasury and the interior to
wire out the. Insignificant surplus show.:-, by
Saturday's hank statement. As only a half
hour was afTuioed after the appearance of the
Ftatemr-nt on Saturday for the liquidation
of accounts, a very large volume of soiling
orders from all quarters had accumulated in
brokers' hands when the market, opened to-day.
Trices took a downward plunge on opening
transactions throughout the list. The profes
sional traders were very hold on the bear Bide
nnd helped on the decline by large sales for short
account. The highly speculative industrial
•specialties showed the must serious losses, the
opening sales showing anywhere from 2 to over
ft point* clipped from Saturday's last prices for
pretty much all of the active industrials. The
New York municipal stocks, Sugar, Tobacco,
the Iron and Steel stocks and the so-called
flower (tockfl as a group led In the decline.
Rock Island as a member of the latter croup
fell 3ViC. Declines In the railroads otherwise
were not a.« violent as in the specialties, but ex
tended very generally between one and two
points. The Bt-lllng was in thousand-share lots
and upward In practically all stocks dealt in
wlihin the first few minutes. The bears were
somewhat dazed by their own success and al
most Immediately proceeded to take quick
profits by buying to cover shorts. Rallies of
two to three points resulted in many stocks.
But before noon the pressure was renewed,
when a deluge of Brooklyn Rapid Transit was
poured upon the market. The New York Trac
tion and Gas stocks moved in close sympathy.
Brooklyn Rapid Transit dropped an extreme
!•'•». Metropolitan 5*4, Consolidated Gas 7. Man
hattan a 1 -*. Third avenue 4% and Brooklyn
Vnion Gas 6. The lowest prices of the day
generally were touched on this movement, St.
J'aul extending its loss to 2%. The very vio
lence of the movement invited some recovery
and soon after 1 o'clock prices generally hHiJ
tumwl upward. The evident relaxation of the
pressure to liquidate wairn-1 me bears that
they had oversold the market, and the buying
demand became rather urgent. Prices of th<i
specialties recovered from two to over four
points. The absorption of railroad stocks be
came quite conspicuous. New York Central M
pecially moving up 3V4 from the lowest and
any others rallying from one to two points.
KliKiit trains over Saturday's prices were re
corded for New York Central. Atchison pre
ferred, Burlington, Union Pacific preferred,
Reading Brst preferred. Northwestern and
Lackawanna. Best prices were not maintained
and the market closed easy. The late rally In
prices was assisted by an easing of the rate for
call money to 7 per cent. After ruling at 10
per cent a sharp drop of M per cent in the
actual rates for demand sterling and cable j
transfer, and the marking down of post rate* !
also had an Influence in relieving the strain |
on the stock market. Rumors were Circulated
of a con'erence of bankers to take measure*
looking to the relief of the money market by
an increase of circulation, but these were de
nied and bankers seemed free from anxiety
over the outcome. One bank only took out »l
ditional circulation according to reports from
Washington, and that to the extent of only
about $200,000. Since the first of th»: month the
New York banks have Increased In circulation
lets than a million dollars. London sold heav- j
ily in this market on account of the Transvaal
excitement to the extent of itbout 40.000 snares
and no gold movement from that quarter seems
likely for the immediate future. The October
coupons of United States 4 per o»nt bonus of
1907 were payable to-day at the sub-treasury,
and some slight relief was afforded to the
money market by that means. No reliable esti
mate is possible of the extent to which loans |
were liquidated to-day, but that repayments to
the bunks were very heavy i.« the testimony of
all r, i-hiiities on the subject.
Bonds were weak in sympathy with stocks,
and liquidation of the speculative issues were
on a large scale. Total sales, par value,
$2. 277, WO.
United States 2s and the old 4s coupon n.l
vani Vi, but old 4s registered lost % in ;he
bid orioe
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
sold. Bid.
6.500 Atchison 20%
67.860 Atchison prefd 62%
1,800 Baltimore & Ohio 49%
...'.... Canadian Pacific 92%
525 Canada Southern M i
2.000 Central Pacific E6%
2,200 Chesapeake & Ohio 26%
8.070 Chicago Great Western 14
27 150 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 130
100 Chicago Ind & Louisville 9%
Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd — 41
200 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 83
1,800 Chicago & Northwestern 166%
18,830 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific H2Vi
2 100 c C C* St Louis 64%
850 Colorado Southern 4%
400 Colorado Southern Ist prefd 43
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 15
2600 Delaware & Hudson 121
3 700 Delaware lAck & Western 178%;
2 700 Denver & Rio Orande 21' i
2' 225 l*>nver & Rio Grande prefd 74*
'100 Brie 13*
400 Erie Ist prefd Sf. y»
1 250 Great Northern prefd 161
'200 Hocking Coal 17
100 Hocking Coal 32V4
2,700 Illinois Central 113
1,000 lowa Central 12%
420 lowa Central prefd 64%
BE Kan City Pitts & Gulf 8*
160 Lake Erie & Western 18%
1900 Lake Erie & Western prefd 78%
. ... Lake Shore 202
14 250 Louisville & Nashville 77%
73 790 Manhattan Elevated 1"7
29*7F.6 Metropolitan Street Railway.. 191*4.
4,000 Mexican central 14%
100 Minneapolis & St Louis 71%
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 93
17,775 Missouri Pacific 43%
£00 Mobile & Ohio ~«*- 43J4
700 Missouri Kansas & Texas.**,.,... 12%
7.750 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 39%
1.000 New Jersey Central 116%
17.460 New York Central 138H
6,075 Norfolk & Western 23**
2,700 .Norfolk & Western prefd 68%
14.050 Northern Pacific 51 1 *
3,000 Northern Pacific prefd 7.
5.050 Ontario & Western 2474
Oregon Railway & Navigation 42
100 Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 75
11,120 Pennsylvania 130%
1.470 Reading 20%
17.750 Reading Ist pre;d ;•>'•' *
2,600 Reading -1 prefd SIH
Rio Grande Western 57%
Rio Grande Western prefd 80
500 St Louis & San Fran i i: ->»
St Louis & San Fran Ist prefd 70
200 St Louis & San Fran -d prefd 35%
1,000 St Louis Southwestern 14
5.0.'0 St Louts Southwestern prefd 33* i
59,625 St Paul 126%.
300 St Paul prefd 178%
St Paul & Omaha US
29.150 Southern Pacific 35H
4.600 Southern Railway 11% -
9.444 Southern Railway prefd KO%
7.700 Texas & Pacific IS%
22.320 Union Pacific 43-%
10,485 Union Pacific prefd 76*4
200 Wabaan "' =
1.950 Wabasfa prefd 21% I
2.700 Wheeling & Lake Erie 1114
1.400 Wheel & Lake Erie Ed prefd 27U
2,917 Wisconsin Central 16%
P C C & St L 73**
Express companies —
Adams 114
210 American 148
100 United .States .''o
Wells-Forgo 128
Miscellaneous—
2.400 American Cotton Oil 42%
American Cotton Oil preM 91'
100 American Malting 15%
400 American Malting prefd 67
3.500 American Smelting & Refln 36%
1,250 American Smelting & Rel'.n pfd S7 1 -
American Spirits 5%
American Spirits prefd 30%
2,700 American Steel Hoop 41
1.500 American St. -el Hoop prefd 84
24.635 American Steel &. Wire 50
2.600 American Steel & Wire prefd 96
8,400 American Tin Plate 88%
360 American Tin Plate prefd 86%
46,450 American Tobacco 123 '
American Tobacco prefd 143
6,750 Anaconda Mining Co 62%
196.751 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 80
20.120 Colorado Fuel &- Iron 57* i
10.450 Continental Tobacco 42% I
4,300 Continental Tobacco prefd 92%
40,025 Federal Steel 53%
11,650 Federal Steel prefd 77
500 General Electric 119%
1.925 Glucose Sugar 59%
Glucose Sugar prefd I'M
1.730 International Paper 27
1.450 International Paper prefd 73
Laclede Gas 65
600 National Biscuit 44
National Biscuit prefd 96
2,250 National Lead >'<
National Lead prefd 110
6,000 National Steel 51
700 National Steel prefd 96%
331 New York Air Brak. 164
4,000 North American 12V4
1,960 Pacific Coast 47's
Pacific Coast Ist prefd S2
Pacific Coast M prefd fc<%
2.400 Pacit> Mall 33%
34.070 People's Gas 110%
2.CX.0 Pressed Steel Car 55
400 Pressed Steel Car prefd &7',i
70 Pullman Palace Car 164
ICO Standard R & Twine Mi
57,160 Sugar 14-t 7 -*
400 Sugar prefd 118
13,550 Tennessee Coal & Iron 115%
8,4 > United States leather 12%
6.925 United States Leather prefd 74\
2,600 United States Rubber 474
170 United State* Rubber prefd 114%
2 600 Western Union '. SS* t
j 4 900 Republic Iron & Steel 27' i
790 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 71%
1,093,300 shares sold.
CLOSING STOCKS.
r S 2s reg 100% L > v Nash nnl 4s. 90%
Do 3s 108'ahM X & T Ids 69
Do coup 108% j Do 4s 93%
Do new 4s reg. .130 AN V Cent 15t5....11l
Do coup 130 IN J Cent gen 55. .120
Do old 4s reg..im»:No Carolina 65.. ..130
Do coup 113% Do 4s 104%
Do 6s reg 111% No Pacific 15t5... .113
Do coup 111% Do 3s 66
Dlst Colum 3.6E5. .117 ! Do 4s 10314
Ala class A 109% N V C & St L 45.10S
Do class B 109 Norf & W con 4s. 94<4
Do class C 108 Do pen f.s 136
Do currency 100 Ore Nay lsts 115 !
Atchison gen 45.. 101% Do 4s 101
Do adj 4s 85% Ore Short Line 65. 128
Can Bo 2ds 109%' Do con os 113%
Ches & Ohio 4%5.. 95% Reading gen 45.... SB%
Do 5s 11SV4IK G W lsts 98
Chi &NW con 7s. 145 St I. &I M con 55. 113
Do S F deb .120 ! St L& S F gen 65. 124
Chicago T 4s 96 Bt Paul con 178%
Colo 80 4s 85 St P C it, P 15t5.. 121
D & R a 15t5.. ..106%! Do 5s 121
Do 4s 9SV> So Railway f.5....105%
E Term Va &Ga " S Rope & Twine 6s 83
lsts 104 jTenn new set 3s. 92%
Erie gen 4s 71 Texas & Pac lsts. ll4
F W & D C Ist.. 74 I Do 2du 57 :
Gen Electric 55. ..116 (Union Pac 4s 103%
O H & S A 65. ...108 Wabash lEts 114%
Do 2ds 108 -Do ids ...., 100
II & T c 68 11l West Shore 4s ...113
Do con 6s 11l Wis Cent lsts 77
lowa cent Ist* 116 Va centuries 87% !
X C P & G Ist*. 71Vi Do deferred 5
La new con 4s — 106 .
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 40 Ontario 05 I
Crown Point 17;Ophlr 105 I
Con Cal & Va 19 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 60! Quicksilver 190 !
Gould & Curry SO i Do prefd 650 i
Hale & Norcrc3S... 60 1 Sierra Nevada .... 74
Homestake 65 00 ! Standard 2 «': i
Jron Silver 53 Union Con 40
Mexican 43 , Yellow Jacket 24
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— i Union Land G%
Call loans 406 West End 93Vi
Time loans 4@5 Do prefd 113 |
Stocks— Westlnghouse Elec 47
A T & S F .25 Do prefd 68%
Do prefd 62% Bonds —
American Sugar .145 Atchison 4s 100
Do prefd 117 Mining Shares —
Bell Telephone ...358 Adventure ...: 7'i
Boston & Albany. 263 Allouez Mining Co 5%
Boston Elevated . .107% | Atlantic 27
Boston & Maine. ..2lo Boston & Mont 330
C B & Q 130 Butte & Boston.. 62
Edison Elec 111 205 Calumet & Hecla.77o
Fitchburg prefd ..121 | Centennial 330
General Electric ..120% Franklin 13
Do prefd 141 Humboldt 2%
Federal Steel 63 Osceola 83
Do prefd 77 Parrott 44
Mexican Cent .... 14% Quincy 150
Mich Telephone .. 98% Santa Fe Copper.. 12%
Old Colony 208 Tamarack 210 j
Old Dominion .... 31% Utah 37% j
Rubber 47% Winona 10
Union Pacific 43% Wolverines 44%
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. —Money on call, 6@lo
per cent; last loan, 6; ruling rate, 7. Prime
mercantile paper, 4%«55% per cent. Sterling
exchange weak, with actual business in bank
ers' bills at $4 55%@4 85% for demand and at
$4 82*54 82% for sixty days. Posted rates, $4 83<Zj>
4 83% and (4 86%@4 87. Commercial bills. $4 £1%
@4 82. Silver certificates, 59@59%c. Bar sil
ver, 58% c. Mexican dollars, 47% c. Govern
ment bonds. Irregular; State bonds. Inactive;
Railroad bonds,' weak.
London Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. 18.— Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
There was universal flatness in the markets
here to-day, especially in the first hour, and
they closed without material recovery. The
Transvaal war la now regarded ns certain,
the only question being: "Will the Orange
Free State Join in It?" Consols fell 7-16.
Americans opened % under parity and weak
ened all day, closing at the • worst on
monetary apprehension. Coppers were weak;
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SJSPT.IS'M-mSU »!», 1 *!>!>.
Tintos, 46; Anacondas. 10%; Utahs, <\; Bos
tons, 1 7-16.
The bank bought £74.000 in gold bars.
Hills were nominally firmer at 3%. but there
was no business to test rates and the bank
discounted freely at 8%.
T>ie Austro-Hungarian Rank has raised its
minimum discount rate from 4 to 6 per cent.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Sept IS.— Canadian Pacific. 94;
X'nUn Pacific preferred. 77Vs; Northern Pacific,
1 r-f. rrod. 764; Atchlfion. 20%; Grand Trunk,
7%; Anaconda, 10%. Bar silver, weak, 27 11-I6d
per ouneo. Money, 1%Q3 per cent.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Sept. FLOUR— Receipts,
31,391; exports, 20,757. Weak and lower to sell,
following wheat.
WHEAT— Receipts, 209.000; exports, 81,068.
Spot, weak; No. 2 red. 73?ic f.o.b. afloat; No.
1 northern Duluth. 7SVie f.o.b. afloat to ar
rive; No. 1 hard Duluth, Sic to arrive; No.
2 red. 72VjC elevator. Options opened lower.
following Saturday's curb decline, but rallied
M, on cables, subsequently sold off lC under
increased visible supply, disturbed Transvaal
conditions, big receipts and disappointing ex
port demand. Closed easy at *s!glc net de
cline. May closed, 7S%e; September 72^i@73*»c;
closed. 72% c; December, 75 5-16<& v 76%c; closed,
75V^c.
HOPS— DuII
HII iES— Firm,
WOOL— Steady.
METALS— The local metal market exhibits
little of the strength shown some weeks ago
and lacks the snap and activity in trade so
; characteristic at that time. Spelter and tin
were neglected and weak, the rest of the list
waa dull and nominal. There was nothing in
news to materially alter the views of the
' local trade. At the close the Metal Exchange
i called:
PIG IRON— Warrants nominal at $17.
LAKE COPPER— Very quiet at 118 80.
TlN— Quiet and lower, with $32 42% bid and
- $32 70 asked.
LEAD— Very quiet, with $4 574 bid and $4 62%
asked. The brokers' price for lead is $4 4'),
and for copper, HE 50.
COFFEE— Options closed steady. unchanged
to 5 points higher. Sales. 7250 bags. Including
October. $4 15; December. $4 40® 4 45; Febru
ary. $4 55; March. $4 60®4 65; July, $4 SO; Au
gust, $4 90. Spot coffee — Rio. dull and fea
tureless. Mild, quiet but steady.
I SUGAR— Raw, quiet and barely steady; fair
refining-, 3HC; centrifugal, 96 test, 4 3-16 c; mo
lussr-F sugar. 3Sc Refined—
NEW YORK, Sept. IS.— BUTTER— Receipts,
9778 packages. Firm; Western creamery. '■■''
23^; June creamery, lS%®22c. Factory, 13®16c.
? EGGS— Receipts. 10.148 packages. Firm;
Western ungraded at mark, 13317 c.
California Dried Fruits.
NEW YORK. Sept. —California dried
fruits steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 7%e;
prime wire tray, 7%@Bc; choice, S^-fSc; fancy,
9"[ilHiC.
PRUNES- SU®BHc.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 12<£?13%c; Moorpark, 14®
■ 16c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled. 7%®9c (new).
Chicago Wheat Market.
CHICAGO, Sept. IS.— WHEAT— Opened at an
advance of J .-4<s*ic from Saturday's closing
price, with a good general demand at those
figures. The cause of the advance was the
strength of cables on account of the critical
South African situation, and some rather lib
eral covering by shorts was done during the
first half hour's trading. The demand was
readily supplied, but though plenty of bearish
newp was on hand in regard to the crop move
ment and seedinr conditions the market held
up well until near the no.m hour. After the
first rush of buyers had been accommodated
trading became dull anil prices kept within a
narrow range. December rasing off slightly
from opening figures. September in the mean
time was decidedly strong on a narrow amount
of trading. Very little was offered for sale
and elevator >ole were moderate bidders.
prices in consequence advancing sharply early.
before noon December began to weaken partly
on account of the weakness In Wall street, but
principally on the indications of an enormous
increase in the visible, th" figures of which
were anally put at 8,171,000 bushels. Heavy
selling was done by one firm supposed to be in
the way of liquidation of a ing line. Most of
the wheat was offered at under 7lc for Decem
ber. ii was estimated that fully 3.000.000 bush
els was disposed of by this firm, and It had
considerable effect on the market. General rains
were reported throughout the West and South
west and conditions were reported as now fa
vorable for fall seeding. Primary receipts
were heavy, 1,688,000 bushels, compared with
1.459.000 bushels a year ago. The market closed
weak all around. December opened at 71<&71VbC,
; declined, to 70Hft"0%c, and closed %c lower at
i 70% c. September ranged from 70%@71%c and
closed Vie lower at 70% c.
CORN— Was quiet and steady. Slight early
advances were ultimately lost, both December
and September closing unchanged.
September oats was firm and fairly active.
De ember ranged slightly higher and closed 14c
higher. September closed ' 4 c higher.
The trade in provisions was unimportant.
There was a Rood cash demand for meats and
packers were moderate buyers of October prod
ucts. The ranee was narrow. At the close
January pork was unchanged with lard and ribs
a shade lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— 71% 71% 70% 70%
September 71% 71% 70<4 70%
December 71Vi> 7Ui 70% 70?»
May 74 74 73% 73W,
September"' .V.'. 32"i 33% 32% 32%
December 28% 29 28% 28%
May 29% 29% 29% 29%
Oats No. 2—
September 21% 22 21% 21%
December 21% 21 Vi 21V; 21%
May 22-, 23 22% 22%
Mess Pork, per barrel-
October ....7 93 7 971,4 790 795
December* 8 07% 810 805 810
January 9 57% 9 57% 950 955
I/fird. per 100 pounds-
October 5 25 6 30 6 25 5 30
December 535 535 5 32% C 35
January 5 42% 6 47% 6 42% 645
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds—
October 5 15 5 20 6 15 6 17%
January 4 97% * 97 4 495 *95
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady: No. 3 Spring Wheat, 66%<g'70c; No. 2
Red 70%@71c; No. 2 Corn, 32% c; No. 2 Oats,
22 1 / i@22^c; No. 2 White, 24% c; No. 3 White.
23 I -.'(z24 l ie; No. 2 Ry 57%e: No. 2 Barley. 38%
f44c; No. 1 Flaxseed, $1 11%: Prime Timothy
g eed, $2 35*52 40; Mess Pork, per barrel, $7 8008;
Lard, per 100 pounds, $5 15© 80; Short Rib
1 Sides (loose). 5506@535; Dry Salted Shoulders
(boxed), 6(§6%c; Short Clear Sides (boxed). $5 55
05 60; Whisky, distillers' finished goods, per
gallon, $1 22; Sugars, Cut Loaf, unchanged.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 15,000 17,000
Wheat, bushels 122,000 20,000
Corn, bushels 741,000 495,000
Oats, bushels 450,000 •341.000
i Rye. bushels 14.000 1,000
Barley, bushels 64,000 10,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creamery, 16<§22%c; dairy,
13rgl?c. Cheese, easy; 10%@11%c. Eggs, firm;
fresh, 15c.
Foreign Futures.
♦ ■ ♦
LIVERPOOL,.
Wheat— Sept. Dec. Mar.
Opening 5 8% 5 11 64
Closing 6 9% 5 11% 6 %
PARIS.
Wheat— Sept. Jan.-Apr.
Opening 19 20 20 25
Closing 19 26 19 90
! Flour — •
I Opening 25 55 26 75
i Closing 25 60 26 40
Easier:: Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Sept. 18.— There was a good de
mand for desirable cattle to-day and prices for
such lots were steady. Common and medium
grades were about 10c lower. Good to choice
cattle. Jo 70<g-S 70: commoner grades. $4 2.">'nf. 65:
stockers and feeders. $3 101fo; bulls, cows and
hPlfers, $2£5 40: Texas steers. $3 Bo@4 25; rang
ers, $3 35@5 35; calves, »4 50<38 10.
Prices for hogs were steady, with an active
demand from packers and shippers. Heavy
hogs $4 1604 70; mixed lots, $4 35(84 75; lights,
M 38@4 75; pigs, $3 70@4 60; culls, $3@4 10.
An unexpectedly small supply of sheep and
lambs resulted in a strong market, prime flocks
ruling 10c higher. Sheep. 13 75©4 30 for range
flocks, "$3 6C<&3 85 for feeders, $3i3--4 50 for na
tives, and $2@2 73 for cull*. Fat Western lambs
sold at $5 40 and choice natives brought $6 25.
Receipts— 23,000; hogs, 33,000; sheep,
13,000.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Sept. 18.— Consols, 104 B-16@104 7-16;
silver, 27 1-16 d; French rentes, lOOf 30c@
IQOf 22^c; wheat cargoes oft coast, operator*
and buyers Indifferent; cargo** ■■" pasMffe,
quiet and steady; cargoes No i • » n I ' l *™ ' ", .
fornla. 29a fid: English country mnik.'tH. n rm.
import into United Kingdom, wht>at, --'•""
centals: flour. 262.000 centals: "'".-," ana "'",'
on passage to United Kingdom, A 0 4 . 0 -0 1,. " n
tals: wheat and flour on passage to C.omuii m.
1,310,000 centals. .„„,»,..
LIVERPOOL. Sept. i v Wheat, •t«* < Iy;
wheat In Paris, quiet; flour In 1 nrla, qiint.
French country markets, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 17-B*l
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL. Sept. IS.-WHEAT-Spot No
2 red Western winter, Steady, 5b M. «o. .*
Northern spring, steady, (is Id. „ _ » a
CORN-Spot American mixed, new. firm, >■
5%d. American mixed, old. Him. 3s SO.
California Fruit Sales.
Porter Bros.' Company sales of California
fruit: • ■_"
CHICAGO. Sept. IS.-Pears-Bartletts, 60c©
$2 25 box; Beurre Clairgeaus. $1 65® 1 76; Beurre
Hardys. $1 70; Doyenne, $1 80©l 45: Jg*™
Dlels, $1 35@1 45; Beurre de Anjou $1 46®1 50.
Peaches-Sal ways. 96c@Sl 10 box; Levy Cling.
$105(3125; Georges Late. 90c@*l la Quinces—
$1 05@l 25 box. Grapes-Malagas. 86c@$l 0.. half
crate. Prunes-Germans. $1 35 half-crate; I"'l
lenberg. 7".c Plums Ickworths. . r .-"' half-crate;
Late Reds. 70@780 half-crate. Fifteen cars sold
to-day.
Available Gram Supply.
NEW YORK, Sept. IS. —The following Is a
statement of the visible supply Of grain in
store and afloat on Saturday. September 16.
as compiled by the N»",v York Produce Ex
change: Wheat. 39,322,000 bushels. Increase
3,193,000: corn, 8,1i7,!«'" bushels, Increase 490,000;
oats. 8,698,000 bushels, increase 87.000; rye. fi27.
--000 bushels, increase 30.CV0; barley, 6*8,000 bush
els, unchanged.
The National Cash Box.
WASHINGTON, fept. 18.— To-day's state
ment of the condition of the Treasury shows:
Available cash balance, J254, 160,564; gold re
serve, $255,237,467.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or.. Sept. 18.— Clearings. $333.
--103; balances, $46,891
Northern IV heat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. IS.— The wheat mar
ket shows but little change. The reports from
the interior are Btill very discouraging and
strictly first-class wheat of the new crop will
b(? /ar below the average. The price situa
tion remains very unsatisfactory and promises
to continue so until th.- grades are established.
Walla Walla is nominally 88@59c for the beat
stock, but it is probable that something choice
would bring mort>. Valley is quiet at 59@61c;
blue stem. *o®6lc
Cleared— British ship The Hahnemann for
Queenstown with 108,300 bushels barley and
6t,.u"i bushels wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., Sept. IS.— Wheat still
sluggish. Only fluctuatinns are in milling.
Export quotations: Club, B7&58c; blue stem,
6u^6lc.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 S4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 s7
Sterling Cables — 4 f>B
New York Exchange, sight — l-'j
New York Exchange, telegraphic — IS
Mexican Dollars 48 4v s
Fine Silver, pt-r ounce — M\
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The Ivercoe takes for Liverpool
6741 ctls. valued at $7115.
Broomhall cabled that the African situation
•was causing an advance in England, and the
Chicago market opened firmer in consequence.
The tone was given increased strength by
smaller receipts at Duluth and an increase In
Northwest stocks of only 750,000 instead of
1.100,000 bushels as expected. Later on, how
ever, an Increase of 3,000,000 bushels In the
visible supply discouraged holders and the
market closed weak, with no support. There
were large sales on Ban Francisco account.
The local market was kept up somewhat by
the covering of a large short line, but the feel
ing was weak and depressed, nevertheless.
Scarcity of shir* is keeping this market down.
Spot Shipping, J102V4: milling. $1 07^
01 10.
CALL BOARD BALKS.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
000 ctls, $1 08%; 26.000. Jl OS!*,.
Second Session— December ctls. 1108%.
Regular Morning December— 4ooo
ctls $1 08%: May— lo.ooo, 51 14-%.
Afternoon Session May— lo,ooo ctls, $1 14%;
(4,000, $1 14%; December— l2,ooo, $108,-.; SOOO,
$1 08%.
BARLEY— The market' continues weak, and
sellers willingly make concessions to effect
sales. Offerings of all descriptions continue
ÜberaL
Feed. 75@82%c; Brewing, B"V4@9Oc; Chevalier,
Jl@l 12--2 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— December— 2ooo ctls. S2c
Regular Morning Session— Seller '99, new—
4000 etls, 80c; 2000, *o>4c.
Afternoon Session— December— ctls, S2c;
Seller '99. new— 2ooC, Win 2000, S0»;e.
OATS— Quotations remain unchanged. There
Is a fair demand, without any special activ
ity. White, $1060117%; Red, 91 0601 UK;
Black, :«''./:<:'■•<- per ctl.
CORN Eastern large Yellow, *1 05; White
and mixed. Jl O2V&01 06 per ctl.
RYE— Steady at 90«?-95c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstufis.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 So@3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $3 40@3 50 per bbl for extra,
$3 25@3 40 for bakers' and $2 25@3 for super
fine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, J2 75: Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra Cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 50@4 75;
Oat Groats, $4 75: Hominy. $3 2501 50; Buck
wheat Flour, 1404 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 76:
Farina $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $>> 56®6 95; In sacks, $6 35(66 75;
Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 lt>s.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Nearly 1500 tons of Hay came in and thr>
market was soft )n consequence. The medium
ffr&dea suffered the most. Thrre was no change
In prices. Feedstuff!" Btood the same.
BRAN $18 Bo©l 7 per ton.
MIDDLINGS- $17 50(319 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFB— RoIIed Barter. Slß®lß 60 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. J27'tf2S ; jobbing,
$28 60<fi29; Cocoanut Cake. S2Oifi2l; CornmeaJ.
)23 60024 50: Cracked Corn, $24«2fi; Mixed Feed,
$16fil6f>0- Cottonseed Meal, $28 per ton.
HAY- Wheat, $6 50@R 50 for common to good
and $!<ft9 2.". for choice: Wheat and Oat, $6^
8 r.O- Oat $6-37 50; Barley. $5-6 7; Island Barley,
$f>'&r, B0; Alfalfa, $5 50W7 per ton; Compressed,
$6 BO'S 9.
STRAW— 3O@3Sc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
There in no Alfalfa Seed offprint at the mo
ment, bo thf> quotation is withdrawn. Beans
are dull at previous prices.
BEANS- $165-3175; Small White,
$2 07V452 17%; Large White. $1 60©l 75; Pinks,
$2 1603 25; Reds. $4; Blackeye, $3: But
ters, nominal; l.imas. $4 10; Pea, *2 15@2 25;
Red Kidneys. $2 25@2 40 per ctl.
SEEDS-Brown Mustard. 2>/<,@3c; Yellow Mus
tard, nominal; Flux. $1 90@2 10; Canary Seed,
2^'s3c per tt) for California and 3V4c for East
ern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 3c; Hemp, 4@
4M-c; Timothy, nominal.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 KOI 50; Green, $1 65
@2 per ctl. " __
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Sweet Potatoes continue to shade off under
increased receipts. Two cars came In from
Mened. Onions show no particular change.
Green Corn is mill firm and in light receipt.
Supplies of Tomatoes show no diminution, and
the other Vegetables are also In ample supply.
POTATOES-Garnet Chiles. T6©BSo; Early
Rose SOOKc: Burbanks. 50©75e per ctl; Sali
nas 'Burbanks, 80c@$l 10; Sweet Potatoes, 1@
ONIONS— 7O<9'BSc per ctl for Silversklns;
l'lckle Onions. KOW7SC per ctl.
VEGETABLES Green Peas, nfl2Hc per lb;
String Beans. Ifl2c : Lima Beans, 50c©*l per
sack; Cabbage, 60®60c; River Tomatoes, i
Alameda Tomatoes. 20930 c: Ekk Plant. So@'4oc;
Green Okra. 10060 c per box; Dries Okra, 10®15c
per lb; Garlic. 2s3c: Green Peppers, 35®50c for
(lilli ami S.'-fiSOc per box for Bell; Carrots, 30<ij>
40c per Bay Cucumbers, 20090 c; Pickles.
$1 75 peT ctl for No. 1 and 7-~o for No. 2; Sum
mer Squash, 2OiJj3oc; Marrowfat Squash. $8010
per ton; Green Corn. SOcOfl per sack; SK<il 25
per crate for Alameda and 75<583c for Berkeley.
Poultry and Game.
Another car of Eastern Poultry was put on,
and more are due. Game continued In ;inht
receipt and firm.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 14@15c for Gob
blers and 14(g16c for Heno; Young Turk»ys.
17018 c; Geese, per pair, Jl So@l 75; Goslings,
i ..,. i ■ . I i. , i.i ,..i MO* '■"
youiiKi Menu. t > nnftfi; yi.iuitf il..t.t*l «r«», M»»i
i.1,1 11V.,.r1. ..Ml I'Vyntß, *3mii Hniileru, *3
for 1,,,, ,• *»&" fill Bhlalli t'lh-ri.l.s, |l I"""
,|,,,,1, for .1.1 «n»i -I W)wi for '■■■I—'
<lAMK-<Uay tine**, -- r-\ Omvuh, . N}i m pel
dnien UfOUW, 1 ; •"■"•• Hm»», = i Miunlalu
Quail ' HWi M,.,. It Bn; ....i.i m., »l ■ " m
dostn
Butter, Cheese and Eggs,
Btrlotly fancy I ....i.m,-. ii. .ii.. id no weaker,
nor i» it expected to go muoti lower, as '"
,.!,,,, from ii,,- north have fallen off, i"'i me
dium creameries >•<• excessively weak and hard
to move. Considerable went Into oold storage
yesterday! In fact, nil Butter except strictly
fancy Is depressed »,.,»
Cheese and Eggs are weak and quiet, but
no lower. Eastern Kbk» are being used in
preference to the domestic article.
HI ii i.X • ,
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, <!•'<■; eeeonas,
"'{« i 2tc
I»ajry— 22'4i523c; good to oaoloe, 110
22c; store, nominal.
Pickled roil, M©2lc: firkin. i:i'i/:m. ■. oream
cry tub. 21@£Sc per Ib,
CHEESE— Choice mild new, ll«; old, II
@10Vic; ioung America, 1 1 1 •'.-". Ba»urn,
1 KGGS— Quoted at H©l6e for Blare and ntflOi
per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 22%'Q2i'< tor *<>-
lected, 20Q21C for No. i and 17«T19o for teoosw
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
No Wine Qrapea were received, hence the
quotations were nominal. Table <!r«p"H with
in their usual larK« supply. Melons Htopd about
the game, Peaches, Plums, Apples and IVurs
were in moderate receipt and steady nt former
prices.
Lemons have made a sharp advance, being
very scarce and In quick demand. Limes are
practically cleaned up.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, .i.,(ir,u,- tier box for common and 75c
OJ] 35 for Rood to choice.
BERRIES — Blackberries, $30>4 per <-h<»Ht ;
Strawberries, per chest for small and $2^4
for large berries; Raspberries, $34i(4 per chest;
Huckleberries, 6<«r9c per Ib.
Grapes 26@38c per box for Fontalnebleau, 26
040 c for black, 30®60c for Muscat, 860400 for
Tokay, 75c for Seedless, 40®60c for Cornlchon
and Bo@7Bc for Isabellas; crates sell lO@lsc
higher; Wine Grapes, »18@23 per ton.
"Watermelons— s!>(&' l7 per 100.
Cantaloupes— M@7sc per crate; Nutmegs, loig)
81 o per box.
Pears, Bartlett, T.'.iTiJi 25 per box; winter
Pears, 80@76c per box.
Figs. oO^TJc per box for double layers of
black and 35(050c for white.
Peaches, 40076 c per box.
1 Plums and Prunes, 40060 c per box and crate.
Quinces. 40®60c tier box.
CITRUS FRUITS— $2<?3 for com
mon and $3 50©4 60 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, $7 60#8; California Limes, nominal;
Bananas. $1 £>o<g2 DO per bunch; Pineapples, il<ai
2 DO per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
The week opened on a moderately active
and steady market.
DRIED FRUITS (New Crop)— Prunes, in
sacks, me for 40-50' 4V4c for 50-60 - 3%c for
60-70*8, 3@3Vic for 70-SO's, 3c for 80-90's and 2%
<q2%c for 90-100's; Apricots, 10@llc for Royals.
!4^150 for Moorparks and 12®12Vic lor Blen
heims; Peaches, 4%c for Standards, 6@5%c
for choice and 6c for fancy; peeled Peaches,
10011 c: Evaporated Apples. 6@6V4c; Sun-dried.
4<gsc per ib; Nectarines, 7V4®Sc per lb for
red and B@9c for white; Pears, ;.'a7o for quar
ters and 7'^^alOc for halves; Black Figs, Se:
White Figs. ffUG^tc: Plums, 5%®6c for dark and
7(37V>c for 'bleached.
RAISINS— for two-crown, 4%c for three
crown Stye for four-crown, S<S"BHc for Seedless
Sultanas' 6<310c for bleached Thompson's Seed
less and $1 20 for London Layers; Dried Grapes,
" NUTS— Walnuts. s@Sc for hardshell, 10@12o
for softshell; Chile Walnuts, ll@12c; Almonds,
ieueilVic for paper shell. Bi??9c for soft and
405 c for hard shell; Peanuts. h\<SG%,c for
Eastern; Brazil Nuts, S%@yc: Filberts. 11@
livic- Pecans. 7V4©Be; Cocoanuts. %i 50®5.
HONEY— Comb. HV4c for bright and lOVic for
light amber; water white extracted, 7%@7%c;
light amber extracted, fi';-?/7c; dark, 5%c per lb.
BEES\VAX-24!&26c per lb.
Provisions.
CTRED MKATP- Bacon, SHe per lb for
heavy. 909% C for light medium, lie for light.
12>^c for extra light and 13c for sugar-cured:
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13'/ic; California
Hams, 13c; Mess Beef, Jii p f> r bbl; extra M»>ss,
|12 50; Family, JM; extra Prime Pork $12 50;
extra clear, 116 50; mess, $15(815 50; Smoked
Beef, 12c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at Z^di^Kc per lb for
C mpound and 7c for pure; half barrels, pure.
■ Ib tins. Si>ic; 5-lb tins. 84c.
coTTOLENE— Tierces, 6-,'S?7Vic per lb.
Hides. Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10«?i0'^c; medium. 9S9V&C; light, 9c;
Cowhides. 9c; Stags. 6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c; dry Hides, sound, 16c; culls and brands,
13c; dry Kip and Veal, 16c; dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins. yearlings, 20iT3Oc each; short
Wool 85®60c each; medium, 70@90c; long Wool,
90CJj$l 10 each- Horse Hides, salt, $2'<T2 25 for
large and $1 25^1 50 for small: Colts, 25960 c.
TALLOW— 1 rendered. 4%®5c per lb; No.
2, 4f?4Hc; refined. ■ •: grease. 2@24c.
WOOL — Spring Clips— San Joaquln and
Southern, 7 months. S@llc: San Joaquin Foot
hills, defective. SSf9c: Valley Oregon, 17@lSc;
Eastern Oregon. 12®14c for choice and 9@lH4c
fur fair to good.
Fall Clip — San Joaquln Lambs, 8@10c; do
plains. 7O8c: San Joaquin and Southern Moun
tain. 7>4©9c.
HOPS— New are nominal at ll@l3c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Lni-nl packers have again reduced their quo
tations on Hogs. Otherwise there Is nothing
new.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7@7%c per lb for Steers and 6V4@7c
for Cows.
VEAL— 7@lOc reT lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@7}£c; Ewes, 6(§6%c per
pound
LAMB— Spring. Rf?SVj-c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 5%c for small. 5%c for
medium and 6%C for large; stock hogs and
Feeders, 5V4c; dressed Hogs, 7@B%c.
General Merchandise
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7@7%c; Wool
Bags. 26@2Sc; Fruit Bags, sV{c, 5%c and 6c for
the three grades of white and 7i@7 1 .2 C for
bleached jute.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welllng
ton, JS; Southtteld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle.
$6; Bryant. $6; Coos Bay. $5; Wall.send. $7 50;
Scotch. |S; Cumberland, $9 50 in bulk and $10 75
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, {12;
C'annel, $8 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14 in
sacks.
SI/GAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed, sic; Pow
dered, 5"4 c; Candy Granulated, s"^c; Dry Gran
ulated, sc; Confectioners' A, sc; California A,
— , Magnolia A, A%c; Extra C. HVjc; Golden C,
4 7 mc; barrels, l-16c more; half barrel?, more;
boxes, more; 50-lb bags. %c more. No or
der taken for less than 75 barrels or Its equiv
alent. Dominoes, half barrels, 5%»c; boxes, tic
per lb
CANNED GOODS- Shipment of 37.409 cases
Fruit and 20,220 cases and 300 barrels Salmon
to Liverpool.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SEPTEMBER 18.
Flour, qr sks 9,980 Sugar, sks 809
Wheat, ctls 560 Pußar, bhls 348
Barley, ctls 82,350 Lime, hbls 182
Oats, ctls 5.1*0 Quicksilver, risks 105
Butter ctls 124 Pelts, bndls 362
Tallow, ctls 22.". Hides, No 1,054
Beans, sks 25 Leather, r0115.... 42
Potatoes, sks .... 4,343 Epss. doz E. 700
Onions, sks 700 Wine, sals 15,300
Bran, sks 2.190 Wool, bag! 427
Middlings, sks .. 1,430 Hops, bales 209
Mustard, sks — R67 Straw, tons 40
Shorts, sks 115 Hay. tons 1498
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 7,9Boißran, sks 3.556
Oats, ctls 135 1 Shorts, sks 1,250
Potatoes, sks — 41
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks were stronger and the best
prices were generally over those of the pre
ceding day. The telegram from the pump said:
"Stopped No. 1 elevator at 4:05 p. m. on Sat-
Urday. No. 2 elevator, rearranged, was then
started successfully. It has been running
smoothly and continuously since. It Is more
efficient than any other elevator put In. Water
is 77 feet 3 inches below the 1950-foot level
station. Put pipe through cave in west drift
on the l?50-foot level and the flow of water
fmm there Into the shaft has increased."
There was considerable activity in sugar
stocks in the afternoon and Paauhau sold down
to $37, Hutcblnson to $30 50 and so on. Giant
Powder was weaker at $74 50.
The Contra Costa Water Company Is now
paying a dividend of 40 cents per share for
the month.
The Spring Valley Water Company will pay
a dividend of 42 cents per share on the 20th.
The llutchln.son Sugar Plantation Company
will pay a dividend of 25 cents per share to
morrow.
The semi-annual interest of 2V4 per cent on
the Oakland Gas bonds is now payable. The
amount is 820,400.
The Official report from the Consolidated
California and Virginia mine for the week Is
as follows: 1400 level— The west drift vat ex
tended 22 feet; total length. 9nO feet; forma
tion paused through porphyry and Btreaka of
quart*. |880 N.r.rthuiy rf|>/iliti l>elnK made.
J7f.»— 't'li« Houtli 'inn on the •HI Boor wai
(!|cannrt out and r<> timbered is I*-', total length
i,,,,,, iii« BU)P< t'i feet; ' 'ii the fourth noor
of 11.. west MtOpa Hi-' Mimll pri)BpecttnK •1 1 lit
»„.-, turned to Hid west and wan. run 25 feet;
i. 1..1 length, 45 i.-.-i From the end of thl«
,imi a youth drift wiiK carried along a clay
Hull 20 feet. Nothliiß of value was cut by
theaa ilrlftH. Hava put in one ■-•■' eaa( on th«
fifth door and cna Ml north on the mime floor,
and ara raialna tot Mixtii Boor Bet. From Omm
isetß wh extracted 22 cam of or« n.-iHiivlnt; "ii
■ basis of sold value »i v 16 per ton and eight
earn of ore assaying on a basin of gold value
|8 07 per ton. 1800 level— The south -drift has
been advanced 23 feet; total length. 313 teal
This drift to now In new ground and nearly
all quartz assaying $3 per ton. The west erOM
cut No. 1 started from the south drift 80 feet
from the winze station has been extended IS
feet; total length, 131 feet. The formation
passed through Is hard porphyry, though some- i
what softer than at date of last report. Main
■hafi Borne repairs were made In the shaft
during the week. The water to-day (Saturday)
1m 88 feel below 19.10 station. Total ore ex
tracted for the week, 22 cars, assaying $18 15
per ton In gold and eight cars of ore of a
gold i Blue of $8 07 per ton.
in the Blerra Nevada mine, on the 140-foot
level, the south drift, started from the main
wkl rrofwiit opposite the north drift, was ad- ■
vanced :■■ reel total length 410 feet: fare in
porphyry and clay with seams of quartz. West
rro*H<-tit •.,, i. from the south drift from a
point 230 feel south from the main west cross
cut, tin* been extended 18 feet: total length 40 !
feet; fnce in soft porphyry, clay and quartz, I
the quarts yielding assays from $150 to $3
per ton.
The Ophlr letter for the pnst week Is as fol
lows; The 1000 tat lon Is b«Mng repaired and >
the blower put In order and started and 18**
reel of the north drift has been reopened.
There are several mall caves In this drift,
and part of the ground has to be retlmbered. i
The pump compartment of the shaft has been
repaired In places and strengthened below the
boll stations, while one of these stations Is
being stripped. Central tunnel — The Joint west
(•rout-rut has been advanced 10 feet: total
length. 180 feet: face in in softer vein porphyry,
I Knowing a little clay and quartz. The timber
. ing of the north drift will be finished this
week. In retlmberlng the heavy ground in the
j main west drift we find a little ore and old
lllllngs that will pay to take out. The Sutro j
tunnel direct connection drift was advanced
80 feet; total length, 445 feet; fnce in ipose i
ground. We are near old Workings that were
opened from the Ophlr Incline. The south drift
; has been extended nine feet; total length, 92 i
feet. The face Is In hard hanging-wall rock i
with soft seams on the east and, west side I
of the drift. A west crosscut will be driven j
through the vein when the south drift has been
run 10 feet further south. Have not yet re
sumed sinking in the winze from the north
east drift, as some room had to be made for
the windlass and timbers. It will likely take
two or three days' work before sinking can
be resumed. !
In the Hale and Norcross mine the H. and !
] N. tunnel was advanced during the week and
the necessary timbering done for a distance
jof 32 feet: total length 852 feet. From a small
I seam of quartz passed through we obtained an ; '
I assay of $2 46 per ton, the gold portion assay-
Ing ?2 06 per ton. The present face Is In por
phyry.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 18.
Bid. Ask. i - Bid. Ask. ,
4s quar coup.. — Mutual El Co. — 17Vi
4s quar reg.... — — O G L & 11.. 48% 50
4s new quar... — 131 Pac Gas Imp. 66 1 — :
3s quar coup..loSV4lo9 Pac LCo 41 45
Miscellaneous— B F G & E.... 66V& —
Cal-st Cab 55. 117 — Ban Fran 3Vz 3% I .
C C Wat 55.. .108 109% Stockton Gas.. 12 —
Ed L & P ,i*i — Insurance—
F& Cl Ry 65.114 — Firems Fund. 22s —
Geary-st It 6a. — 95 Bank Stocks—
H C ft: S K4s.l<>7»4 — Anglo-Cal . . <!S ■ —
LA Ry 55....108V6— Bank of Ca1..253 284
LAL Co 65.. ID — Pal SI) & T.. - SS :
do gtnd Ba.. 99 — First Nat10n1..234 —
do gntd 5a.. — 100 Lon P & .A....125V4 — i
Market-st 65..126>£ — i Mer Exchange — 1«
do Ist M 65.U6 — Nev Nat Bk.. 182^190
NCN G R 112 — I Savings Hanks—
N Rof '"a, to. 114 — Ger S & L..1650 —
N Rof Cal 115% — Hum S * L.1050 llfio !
NPC R X 6S.IUSV* - Mut Say Bk. 40 42 1 --
NPC R X 55. 105 107 t; i- Bay L" . . . 500 —
N Cal R i. 55. 11 l — Hay & L So. — 82V>
OGL & H os.loß — Sec Say Bk. — 300
Dak Trans fis. .111U112M. Union T Co. 1400 1440
Om C Ry 65. ..128 130 Street Railroads—
P&CI Ry 65. 106 — California ....119 123
l'k &0 Ry fis.lls — Geary 50 —
Powell-st RSs.llS — Market-st 62 & —
Sac El G*Rss — — Oak SL& H. — 60
SF& N P E5.11414 — Presidio 16 —
5 F & S JV05.115%116 1 Powder —
S Ry of Cal 6sloS^ - California ....150 165
SPof A6s — 113 E Dynamite... S5 —
SP C 6s(1903).110% — Giant Con Co. 74>4 74%
S P C 68(1906) - 114>4 Vieorit 2% 2Vi '
g p C 65(1912).122 — Sugar
s' PCIs eg os.lO^vj - ■ Hana PCo 15 16% •
SPBr 6s 125 126 Haw C &S C S6\i —
S V Wat 65. ..114 114% Hutch S P Co 30& —
S V Wat 45..104V6— iKilauea S Co. — 30
B V W4s(.3dm) — 102% Makaweli S C 49»4 50 (
btktn Gas 65.. — — Onomea SC. 3S^4 —
Water Stocks— Paauhau S C. 37>ri 38 1
Contra Costa.. — 76 Miscellaneous—
Mhdij County. Ml — Al Pac Assn. .ll7 117»4 <
Spring Valley. lo2 102% Mer Xx Asm.. — H«>
; - aii'l Kinctrlc— Oceanic S Co.— 89<4 ! 1
Central Gas C— — Vac A F A.... 1% -
•Vnt L * ... "H *& Pac C Bor C 0.140 142V4
Equit G L Co. 4',i — Par Paint Co. m —
Morning Session.
Board —
5 Giant Powder Con 75 00 ]
MO Hana Plantation Co 15 00 i
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Svgar — 96 37Vi ,
10 Makaweli Sugar Co 50 50
125 Market Street Railway 62 50
11000 Market St Ry Ist con os cash 115 00
$5000 Market Street Railway Ist con 55.. 115 00
I Onomea Sugar Co 39 00
15 Paauhau S I' Co 38 00
230 S F Gas & Electric Co 67 00
$15,000 S F & N P Ry Bonds 114 00
15 Spring Valley Water 102 25
Street—
50 Mutual Savings Bank 40 00 j
Afternoon Session. ]
Board —
15 Bank of California 253 50 i
45 Giant Powder Con 74 50 ,
100 Hawaiian Com'l Sugar 96 00 ! 1
10 Hutchlnson SP Co 30 75 !
220 Hutchinson S P Co 30 50
10 Hutchinson S PCo 30 624 <
30 Onoraea Sugar Co 3S 50 j
30 Paauhau S PCo 37 50 I ]
10 Paauhau S P Co 37 37W ",
120 Paauhau 5P Co 37 25 ,
50 Paauhau S P Co 37 00 i
I 150 Paauhau B P Co 37 12& I '
$3000 Park Cliff House 6s ....- 106 50 «
25 S F Gas Electric Co 67 00 ;
10 Spring Valley Water 102 25 )
Street— .
$5000 Los Angeles Ry 5s 103 25 .
$5010 Northern Ry of Cal 5s 115 75 ,
6 Paauhau S P Co cash 33 00 ,
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE ' *
BOARD. j ;
Morning Session.
Board—
IS Giant Powder 75 75
$5000 Los Angeles Ry 5s 108 12«
25 Market St Ry 62 75
30 Onomea Sugar Co 39 00 I
46 Paauhau Sugar Co 33 2.'. I
100 Vigorlt Powder 275 '■
Afternoon Session.
Board—
20 Giant Powder Con 75 25 I
100 Hana Plantation 15 12'^
25 Oakland Gas , 49 00
30 Market St Ry 6' 874
30 S F Gas & Electric 66 S7
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales in the San ;
Francisco Stock Exchange:
Morning Session.
300 Belcher 36 j 700 Mexican 50
500 Best & Belcher 53 1 300 Overman 13
200 < 'hollar 45 400 Potosl ... .'. '" 53 '■
300 Con Cal & Va..l 75 100 Savage . • '" 30
600 Crown Point... 21 160 Sierra Nevada.* SI
600 Gould & Curry BO 600 Union Con 44
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belcher 5S 200 Occidental .. 24 ;
100 Caledonia 68 100 Ophir 115
100 Challenge 33 200 Overman ... " 13
200 Justice 09! 400 Union Con 44 I
The following were the sales in the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
SOT, Best & Belcher 52 100 Ophir 1 m*
600 < 'hollar 46 500 Ophir 115
200 Chollar 45; M00 Ophir 1 1714
600 Con Cal & Va..l 75; 700 Potosi 55 !
300 Con Cal & V.I 77% 200 Potosl 54
600 Con Cal & Va..l SO 200 Sierra Nevada. 83
300 Confidence 70 150 Sierra Nevada. SI
300 Justice OS 300 Utah 14
200 Justice 031
Afternoon Session.
600 Belcher 361 100 Sierra Nevada, so
400 Best & Belcher 61 j 100 Sierra Nevada. 7S
100 Caledonia 65 100 Standard ....2 911* !
100 Crown Point... 21 100 Standard 300 1
100 Ophir 1 151 190 Standard 3 03
600 Potosl 54 1 600 Utah 13 1
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. . i
MONDAY, Sept. IS— p. ' m.
Bid. Ask I Bid.Ask
Alpha 05 07 1 Justice 08 09 :
Alta 04 06 Kentuck 03 05
Andes 13 15 Lady Wash 01 02
Belcher 35 37 Mexican 48 50 i
I Tien & Belcher 51 52 1 Occidental 24 25
Bullion 07 OSiOphir 115 120
Caledonia 66 — Overman 12 14
Chollar 43 45 Potosl 54 53
Challenge Con. SI Savage 30 31 |
Confidence 72 — ; Scorpion 03 — !
Con Cal & Va..l 70 180 Beg Belcher.... 04 03 |
Con Imperial... 01 02 1 Sierra Nevada. 78 73
Crown Point .. 21 22, Silver Hill 02 03 '
Con New York. — 02 Syndicate — 07 I
Eureka Con — 50 Standard 295 —
Exchequer — 03 St Louis — 06 !
Gould & Curry 2S Utah 12 13
Hale & Norc 30 32 Union Con 43 44
Julia '.... — 03 Yellow Jacket. 28 29 .
i !**"*^*" < * J "**"* — "" — — — — i—^— .— ■— . .
Sim, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Watere at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE- The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mlnsion-street wharf) about
iwenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Ih the same at both places.
NOTE) — In the above exposition of the tid»s
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Tha
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
pnd the last or right hand column gives the
'ant tide of the day, except when there are hut
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
riven are In addition to the soundings on the
T.'nited States Const Survey charts, except
when ft minus sign <—) precedes the height,
nnd then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
r ,.',. rHn ,. e | fl the mean of the lower low waters
Steamer Movements.
TO SAIL.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Monday, September 18.
Stmr San Pedro, Zaddart, 25 hours from Eu
reka, bound to Santa Barbara.
Stmr Wigwam. Lund, 4 days and 6 hours from
Nanaimo.
Stmr Miami, Mac Donald, 74 hours from Seat
tle.
Stmr Sequoia, Twing, 20 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Stmr Crescent City, Stpckfleth, 36 hours from
Crescent City.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Hinkle, 103 hours from
East San Pedro.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 30 hours from Moss
Landing.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund, 15 hours from
Greenwood.
Ship Bohemia, Whalman. 21 days from Bris
to! Bay. ,
Schr Jennie Thelin, Holmburg. 8 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Queen, Frederickson, 9 days from Lud
low.
SAILED.
Monday, September 18.
Stmr Westport. Peterson. ■ — ■.
Stmr Laguna, Ericsson, Pearl Harbor.
Stmr North Fork. Bash. Eureka.
Stmr San Pedro. Zaddart. Santa Barbara.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, Mendocmo.
Stmr Queen, Jensen, Victoria and Port
Townsend.
Ger war stmr Geler, Jacobin, .
Schr Anna, Ipsen, .
CLEARED.
Monday, September 13.
Stmr North Fork, Bash. Eureka.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr Czarina. Seaman. Seattle.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Sept. IS, 10 d. m.— Weather,
hazy; wind, southwest; velocity, 8 miles per
hour.
SPOKEN.
Sept Latitude 36.25 north, longitude 67.10
west, ship Henry B. Hyde, from Norfolk, for
Honolulu.
MEM' 'KANI'UM.
Per Coptic, Br stmr. from China and Japan.
Sept 12— Sailed from Yokohama Sept 2. thence
to Honolulu; lipht southerly winds and' smooth
seas. Sept 3, at 3 p. m., spoke Br bark Anoona
of Liverpool, from Manila, for Boston Bay, in
latitude 55.5 north. lonsitud<- 146.5 cast steer
ing northeasterly course; moderate wind from
southwest and following pea with long ocean
swell, from northeast. Sect 10, in latitude
23. 1S north, longitude 1H1.3S west, met Hr stmr
I>oric, hound west. Left Honolulu Sept 11. 1
p. m., and thence to pnrt had moderate norLh
n< rtheast to northeast winds and rough to mod
erate sea. Sept. 12. lo:40 a. m., in latitude 23 39
north, longitude 154. ne west, met stmr Ala
meda, hence Sept 7. for Honolulu and Sydney.
Per shir Bohemia, at San Francisco 'Sert IS.
from Bristol Bay— On Sent 2. in Unimak Pass'
was in company with hark B. P. Cheney, from
Bristol Bay. for San Francisco; hark Nicholas
Thayer. from Bristol Bay, for San Francisco:
ship Indiana, from Bristol Bay. fo r San Fran
ctsco; schr Prosper, from Bristol Hay, for San
Francisco; also a three-masted bald-head
schooner.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Stmr Newsboy, while going down the bay this
morning, steering i;car became disabled and
steamer returned f"r repairs.
Stmr Sequoia. Twing, while making this
port this morning, went ashore on l>uxbury
Reef and remained a short while, when she
floated. Damage, if any, unknown.
The captain of the Br stmr Carmarthenshire
reports on the- voyage from Honolulu to San
Diego that on Scot. 12. in latitude SO.M north,
longitude 125.3 ii west, he encountered the fol
lowing floating obstructions to navigation,
viz., bulwarks and main boom of schooner.
LONDON, Sept 18 Nagasaki telegraphs ship
George Stetsen, from <>r^'-;"i!. destroyed by tire
at Loochoo. No lives lost.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Sept IS— Schr Annie M.
Campbell, from Tacoma.
REDONDO-^Arrfved Sept 18— Stmr Grace
Dollar from Eureka.
POINT ARENA -Sailed Sept IS— Stmr Whites
boro. for Ran Francisco.
: r HADLOCK— Arrived Sept IS— Bktn Ka
tie Flickinger, from Nanaimo; schr Lyman D.
Poster, from fort Blakeley. Sailed Sept I^l
Hktn Retriever, for San Frnncisco.
piiRT TONWSEND— Arrived Sept IS— Sehr J.
M Weatherwax, from Nagasaki: Br ship Col
lingrove, from Shanghai. Sailed Sept IS — Haw
shir .John Kn.-i, for Delagoa Bay.
COOS BAT— Arrived Sept !T Schr Monterey,
hence Sept 12. Sailed Sent is— Schr James A.
Garfleld. for San Francisco.
COOS BAT- Barbound Sept is— Stmr Empire,
for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept 13— Schr Mildred.
from Redondn. Sailed Sept 15— Schr Albert
M.-v.-r for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Sent IS— Bark Co
lonia. for Manila.
ASTORIA Sailed Sept IS— Br bark Muskoko,
for Queenstown.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Sept 18— Stmr Noyo,
hence Sept 17.
USAL— Sailed Sept IS— Stmr Navarro. for San
Francisco.
El REKA— Arrived ept IS— Stmr Samoa, hence
Sept 17. Sailed— Stmr Pomona, for an Fran-
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Sept ls_Schr Letitia.
from Grays Harbor; brig Leslie D.. from Port
Townsend.
REDONDO— Arrived Sept is— Bark Vidette
from Seattle
PORT LUHLOW— Arrived Sept 18— Barg Co
loma. from Port Gamble.
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived Sept IS— Pchr J.
M. Weatherwax, from Port Townsend.
EASTERN' PORTS.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Sert 17— Ship S
D Carlton. from Kahulul.
NEW YORK-Sailed Sept 16— Ship W. F. Bab
cock, for Honolulu.
FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA-Sailed Ausr 30— Br ship St
Mungo. for Portland, Or.
Hlj.O— Arrived Sept 2— Bktn Geo. C. Perkins
from Tacoma.
HONOLULU— Arrived Sert s— Stmr City of
Puebla, hence Aug 29. Sept 7 Schr C S
: Holmes, from Port Gamble; bark Obed Baxte>
i from New York. Sept B— Br stmr Doric henre
Bept 2. Sept 10— Ger ship Marie Hackfeld. from
Hamburg. Sept 11— Stmr Leleenaw, hence Sent
2. Sailed Sept 6- Stmr Siam, for Manila
Sept 7— Haw ship Fort George, for San Fran
cisco; bark Empire, for Port Townsend Sent
S-Stmr City of Puebla. for Manila; ship Em
ily F. Whitney, for Newcastle. Australia.
Continued on Page 11.ROMANTIC COMIC
OPERA HEADS THE
NEW ATTRACTIONS
Good Music Offered
at the Grand.
COMEDY FILLS THE ALCAZAR
PRIME ACTS CHARACTERIZETHE
ORPHEUM BILL.
'"Lohengrin" R-epeated at the Tivoli.
Minor Vaudeville Houses Have
. New Bills — Columbia and
California Still Dark.
Although Offenbach understood above
most of hie craft how to catch the popular
ear with his melodies, "The Drum Major's
Daughter" will never be played on hand- :
organs. Although much of the music is
melodious, overexpression does not drop
from the pen in its praise. The story '
goes over the old roads, with a few shy
variations, and one keeps tab upon the
progress of the story by cursory glances
at the argument. The dialogue is quite
ordinary, sometimes with a touch of dime
novel tragedy; but lor all that the produc
tion is lull "of interest for the musical
laity and the eye that hungers for spec
tacle, for the Quarrel; if indeed there be
any, is not wiih the treatment.
Everything is in fresh feather and the
stage pictures are more than satisfy
ing. The French soldiers are vividly got
up on the empire plan, Pt-rsse looking
lumseif like the Little Corporal, :mU ;
sometimes the grouping of the maidens
of the chorus suggests the Aubisson and
JJeauvais tapestries. Persse as Captain
Robert lives, loves and sings aspiringly j
ana finally wins his Stella (Miss Mason),
who during the troubled wooing has run
the gamut pi many disguises and ing at
least two pretty solos. Georgie Cooper
make? a fetching vivandiere, William
Wolf a sr.ld'erly drum major and Hattie
Ueile I.add a picturesque Griolet. The
minor oaris are wrll sustained. Miss Ma
son really has the musical opportunities,
but the chorus that closes the second act
wins the applause of the night. it was
suggestive of a selection sung by an aug
mented church choir at some fete season
and won four encores. Finally the march,
which worked away from the conventions,
left a pretty picture on the retina of every
healthy eye. Stage managers who can
train such are in the singular number.
CHARLOTTE THOMPSON.
Alcazar.
Tt would be difficult, indeed, to get a
better company to play "Too Much John
son" than the one headed by Eugene Or
monde at the Alcazar. Notwithstanding
its absurdities and improbabilities, the
farce retains its popularity, for it has
one good thing about it, .and that is
"fun." Clarence Montainc's' Frenchman,
a little off in his accent, was more than
compensated for by the excellence of his
acting. Webster was a roaringly buffo
Johnsonj and Charles King's Faddish was
artistic. Gertrude Foster's Mrs. Billings
was seriously played and proved a good
foil to the fun. while Marie Howe made a
hit as the vinegary mother-in-law. Or
monde was a cold-blooded enough Bill
ings, and Denithorne and Miss Helen
Henry wei J e a devoted pair of "kid" lov
ers.
Columbia.
The Columbia Theater Is still dark. It
reopens on Monday next with Madame
Modjeska in her new play, "Marie An
toinette." The play will have had the ad
vantage of several trial performances be
fore reaching San Francisco.
Chutes.
■••• ell-known and •
■
■ ■ a larj
■ g
imme
ling I
i
. ■
- and Har
na.
Tivoli.
Inasmuch a? "Othello" will attract
large houses because, of the two favorites,
Balas and Avedano, It will do no harm
to say a few words about "I^ohengrin."
Xo better opportunity is offered the true
music lover to show whether he is en
titled to this distinction than the produc
tion of a great musical masterpiece.
Such an exceptional work we have In
"Lohengrin." As the writer has heard
"Lohengrin" on one of the leading Ger
man opera stapes, he is fully able to say
that it is not necessary to hear this work
in connection with all the brilliant para
phernalia and surroundings wlta which
a big theater endows it in order
to judge its musical merit. You take the
Tivol! orchestra, rron LJerthald as Lo
hengrin. William Mert'-ns as Telramund,
and you cannot complain of being unable
to distinguish the magnificent musical
structure which Wagner has er-cted. A
mar: cannot claim a thorough knowledge
of our modern music unless he has seen
and heard at least the leading Wagnerian
operas, and surely "Lohengrin" is one of
these. The poetry, grandeur and splendor
which permeate this work are character
istic of the dramatic fervor which
stamped Wagner a revolutionist. There-
re, it is insufficient to watch the singers
only in order to extract all the musical
marrow from this work, but to appreciate
GRAPE-NUTS.
A A A A A A A AA.A.A.AAAA.AA. A A A A A A -A.
♦■▼▼* ~ ~ ™ ▼ T T T T V ▼ T ~ T ~ W
X To Think Well Means I
+ >
X Success. I
♦ ♦
X Healthy Brains X
+ ♦
♦ ARE MADE BY ♦
i i
I Grape Nuts. {
x ♦
THE STUDY OF FOOD.
When a man knows that he depends
on food alone from which to make his
brains and that his success in life is
largely owing to the kind of brains he
lias, It would seem the part of wisdom
to study food a bit.
All men do not have the opportunity
to make a careful analytical study of
the subject and are satisfied to have
the food experts attend to this for
them.
A food especially made to supply
the nourishing elements needed to re-
build the brain and nervous centers
bears the name Grape-Nuts, and its
use for ten days or two weeks produces
a sturdy, substantial and powerful
condition of the thinking machinery,
enabling one to do things, to make
money or succeed in whatever enter-
prise is reasonably undertaken.
Systematic, logical, concentrated
thinking is the one requisite to success
and that needs good, healthy brains,
well nourished, and the waste supplied
each day. Grape-Nuts make their
energy known to the user, and, being
In the form of a delicious food, they
have become a welcome addition to the
tables of brainy people in all parts of
" • . - .■--_■:. '
fully the beauty of this music-drama it is
neceseary to pay equal attention to the
orchestra, which does remarkable work
under the direction of Max Hirschfeld.
ALFRED METZGER.
Orpheum.
The bill provided for the patrons of the
Orpheum last night was an exceptionally
strong one, and some of the new-comers
prove great favorites. Stinson and
Merton, eccentric singers, dancers and
dialogue artists, are very clever and
natural. Stinson is one of the funniest
entertainers that has appeared for a long
time. John S. Terry and Mabel Lambert,
tenor and soprano, "sing with rare charm,
and give a most pleasing act as the
"tough" young man and girl. Frederick
Halle-n and Mollle Fuller were well re
ceived in the one-act comedy "His WitVs
Hero." Bright Brothers can justly lay
claim to the designation "the sensational
athletes." The holdovers, the Hungarian
Boys' Military Band. Charley Case, the
Bacheli r Club and the Crawford Slaters,
complete the attractive bill.
A MILITARY BANQUET
CEMENTED FRIENDSHIP
Minnesota Boys Entertained by Cal
ifornia's Gallant Lads, in He
turn for Courtesies Enjoyed
at Manila.
It is doubtful if soldiers ever sat down
to a better menu than was spread for
the Minnesota guests of Company L of
the California regiment last r.ight at a
swell uptown restaurant. The manage
ment had been given carte blanche; the
i rders were "the best that the house can
set out." To the excellence of the viands
liarms of decoration
and y Be, coupled with
the soldierly rex - made an even
ing which \vii! long linger in the mem
were present. The
set, 8 o'clock, found every man who
could possibly g«-t there seated around
the board, and when the gray dawn ap
- were still holding down
■:••!). The two companies have
a hot engagement, but
■•■ tha temperature was higher
That of last night.
It was not a!i tit- eating that helped to
make the evening so pleasant. These
warriors can entertain as well ns fight;
they can sing and talk as well as
facts which were established by
the rendition of an excellent pro
gramme under the command of Captain
rt of the California contingent, who
acted as toastmasier of the oc< ..
S and speeches were made by Cap-
Bgzert, Morgan and Curzons". Lieu
- A lier, Lackorn. Scott and Grund
man and Privates McKenxJe, Lawrenzen,
Mangles and others. The music was fur
id by the California trio of Com
pany 1., consisting of Bugler Anderson
and Corporals Frank and Chris limwn
and Privates Stanton. Leary and a num
ber of oth. - f whom contributed
his share to the general entertainment
when called upon.
Altogether the affair was a complete
success and its excellence is due to the
efforts of the banquet committee, con
g of Lieutenant Adler, Sergeant
Clancy. Corporal Redon and Private
Frank Leu
GENERAL WARFIELD HOME.
Unimpaired in Health, the National
Guardsman Has Returned From
Philadelphia.
General Warfield, proprietor of the Cal
ifornia Hotel, returned yesterday morning
from Philadelphia, where he went to at
tend the annual encampment of the Grand
Army of the Republic.
While there the general was stricken
down with the heat and was forced to
spend a couple of days in the hospital be
fore he was himself again. The accident
was reported here as a serious illness, and
greatly startled his numerous friends.
General Warfleld speaks very enthusias
tically of the celebration, which, to judge
from the crowds that attended it. must
have been magnificent. Over 40,000 veter
ans were In line, and the trainmen report
that not less than 350,000 visitors came to
the city to watch them march past as
they were reviewed by President McKin
ley.
The general reports that the sentiment
in the East is strongly against the con
tinuation of hostilities in the Philip]
and that all are in favor of dispatching
any number of men there that may be
deemed necessary to thoroughly quell the
trouble.
GENERAL REEVE ACQUITTED
Was Forced on Board the Transport
by the Jubilant Soldiers.
General C. Mi i . Reeve has been exon
erated by United States Attorney Coombs
fn>m the charge preferred by Federal
Quarantine Officer Kinyoun of having
boarded the Government transport Sheri
dan before the vessel had been passed
upon by the quarantine authorities.
The testimony of Customs Inspector
Harrigan, taken before Mr. Coombs yes
terday morning, convinced Mr. Coombs
that the general had been dragged aboard
the Sheridan by brute force, aided and
abetted by his coat collar.
Mr. Harrigan said that boats of all
kinds were coming to and going from the
vessel, and that the gang-way ladder was
high enough to keep people from coming
on board. Two soldiers were on guard,
and the witness ordered them to prevent
anybody from boarding the vessel. Gen
eral Reeve came alongside and tried to
obey Harrigan's order. In fact, he drew
back as well as he could, but the soldiers
raised him up bodily and he was forced
aboard.
MINNESOTAN HOSTS.
Governor John Lind of Minnesota and
Mayr Gray of Minneapolis gave a ban
quet in the ?mnU dining room of the Oc
cidental Hotel last eveuing to the officers
of the Minnesota Regiment.
General Reeve and Colonel Ames were
• : t, as were all the officers of the
.•■nt, and as soon as the excellent
menu which had been provided had
-.-cd. speeches were made and toasts
drunk, while the sweet music of a string
band filled in the intervals.
The speech of Governor Dind was par
ticularly happy. He referred to the kind
ly feeling that existed between the
soldiers of this State and the one which he
r< presents, and expressed the wish that
th»- future might afford the people of
Minnesota an opportunity to show th© ap
preciation they felt for the way their
had been treated by the hospitable
citizens of San Francisco.
California Volunteers at the Fair.
Colonel Duboce and over 700 members of
the California Volunteers were present at
the Mechanics' Pavilion last night at the
fair, in honor of California Volunteer's
night. Colonel Duboce and the officers of
the regiment were the guests of the direc
tors in the lunchroom at the Pavilion,
where brief speeches were made by the
distinguished military officer and by the
officers of the organization. The soldie^
boys enjoyed themselves thoroughly dur
ing the evening and the many susceptible
ladles who throng the Pavilion of even-
Ings smiled on. the heroes from Manila.
Wednesday night is to be devoted to tho
Knights of the Maccabees, who are spend
ing considerable money in making their
night a great success. On Thursday
night as the following letter will explain,
the Union Iron Works will take posses
sion of the Pavilion:
R P Doolan Esq.— Dear Sir: A letter to-day
from Mr. Cummins: Invites the employes of
the U I. W. to a night at the fair, «Iz.,
Thursday of next week, September 21. On
their behalf I* accept with thanks. There are
3300 men on to-day. Tours truly,
JOHN G. SCOTT.
Company X Greets Comrades.
The members of Company X, First Cal.
ifornia Volunteers, were the guests last
•;(? in the Ellis-street armory of those
members of Company X of the First Reg
lment. N. G. C, who did not enter the
volunteer service, at a smoker and enter
tainment given in welcome to the boys
who returned. J. T. Desmond, E. Jacob
son at.-l X- P. I'-otteron, the committee on
entertainment, after an address by J. G.
Stevens, who told the volunteers how
glad the members of Company X were
to meet their old comrades, took charg6
and presented a varied programme of mu
sic songs, boxing contests and recita
tions in which C. D. Deasy, the Franc
brothers, Messrs. Fisher and Harlan, If,
Scanlon, J. Nowlan, the Seely Mandolin
Club and a number of others took part.
There was served up to the guests of tht
evening a fine collation, smoking mate
rial and refr*shm»nts.
Fell Twenty-Five Feet.
W. F. Muller, a carpenter, while at work
on the rpof of a building belonjKln* to
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1899.
Joe Harms, on Army street and San Bru
no road, fell a distance of twenty-five feet,
striking on some lumber which was lying
underneath. He was removed to the City
and County Hospital by Officer John
Morrow, where It was discovered that his
spine was badly injured. The unfortunate
man resides at 3112 Twenty-second street.
» ♦ » ■
RECOVERED HIS MONEY.
A Peculiar Bobbery in a McAllister-
Street Barber-Shop.
R. D. Sexton, a barber, and his wife
arrived in this city Sunday night. from
Still water, Minn. They had been mar
ried only a few weeks, and at the sug
gestion of his wife Sexton concluded to
I visit this city in the hope of making a
■ living for himself and his bride. Yester
day morning he secured employment in
I a barber shop at 220 McAllister street.
i During the afternoon he missed his vest,
which contained $tW in greenbacks and a
draft for $200. Sexton at once reported
his loss to Captain Seymour, who, after
listening to his story, detailed Detective
Anthony on the case. Failing to get a
j satisfactory report from him, and touched
by the tearful appeal of Sexton, Cap
tain Seymour visited the barber shop and
proceeded to make a thorough Investi
gation. Convinced that the vest with its
precious contents had been tak> n by
j some person connected with the saloon
adjoining, ho closely questioned the bar
i tender and the habitues of the place.
Just as Seymour concluded his Investi
gation he received a telephone communi
cation from Attorney Charles Reynolds,
Informing him that he had Sexton's
property, and asking him to call at hie
office. Seymour refused to see him, and
1 to his great surprise a short time after
' ward he received the property that Sex
ton had lost. Reynolds, when Questioned,
Bald that Tom Clancy, who conducts the
: saloon adjoining the barber shop, had
visited his office and turned over the
greenbacks smi draft to him. He r
to state how he came into possession of
R#Ttnn's nronertv.
ARISTIDES GILLET WAS
THE DROWNED BOY
LUNCH BASKET AND FISHING
TACKLE WERE IDENTIFIED.
Worked in the Day, Attended School
at Night and Went Fishing for
Recreation, of Which
He Had Little.
The boy who was swept off the Olympic
pier by a huge breaker last Sunday morn
ing was Aristides Gillet, the 15-year-old
son of Mr. and Mrs. Charles Gillet of the
Belford lodging house, 10*55 Market street.
The grief-distrapted parents were con
fronted yesterday with the proof of their
son's loss on the ocean beach when they
saw the little fellow's lunch basket and
fishing reel that had been cast up on the
beach by the waves.
Young Aristides, who was known by
his playmates as "Arthur," worked as a
cash boy in the White House on Kearny
street to assist his parents in earning a
living and was a very well behaved and
faithful employe. In order to be more
useful and that he might iftJt lose an op
portunity for education he went to night
school so that he voluntarily debarred
himself from that recreation which is so
much needed and enjoyed by the young.-
On Saturday he told his mother that he
would like to go fishing- on Sunday near
the Cliff House and promised to be home
by 5 o'clock in the afternoon. On Satur
day night he arranged the tackle and put
Up his lunch and was delighted with the
prospect of a good day's sport.
His parents worried all night when he
did not return, and tried to console them
selves with the theory that the boy might
have changed his mind and gone to Oak
land and missed the last boat. As soon
as the morning paper arrived yesterday
they looked over it, dreading to find what
they did find— the news of the drowning
of their son.
■ » ■
SEEK SAN FRANCISCO MARKETS.
More Buyers Come on the Manufac
turers' and Wholesalers'
Excursions.
The thin! excursion of the Manufactur
ers' and Wholesalers" League arrived yes
■ from Oregon, Washington, Idaho
and Northern California, and many of th>
prospective buyers registered at the head
quarters at 2 r >2 Market street. So far the i
project to induce the coast purchasers
of goods to patronize San Francisco deal- i
ers Instead of sending orders to Eastern ,
■houses has been productive of good re
sults. There were on the first excursions
fr >m Ogden and the Northwest and the
second excursion from T^xas, New Mex
ico, Arizona and Southern California a
good representation of merchants, and
the amount of their purchases has war
ranted the undertaking nf the local manu
facturers and wholesalers.
The inducement of lower rates of trans
portation, etc., has brought to this city
a thoroughly representative lot of buyers,
whose dealings in San Francisco have
been so satisfactory that their future
patronage is assured. Nearly all ex
pressed surprise that this city had such a
varied and extensive quantity of goods to
show, and there was not one who did not j
state that coming direct to the market ,
I is more satisfactory than laying In their
k of wares, etc., by sample, as has
been done in the past. One or two of
those who received the benefits of the of
few mad- by the league took an unfair
advantage by enjoying all of the pleas
ures of a junketing trip at small cost to
themselves and made no returns by pur
chasing here. This was expected, but the
experience obtained will be the means of
guarding against impostors in the future.
TWO VERDICTS.
Coroner Hill Refused to Sign the One
That Blamed the Railroad
Company.
Two verdicts were rendered yesterday
by the Coroner's jury that sat in the in
quest on the body of Lulu Summers, the
14-year-old girl killed a week ago last
Sunday by being run over by a street car
on the Mission road, near Thirtieth street.
The first verdict was to the effect that
the accident was due to the carelessness
of a railway employe, and the verdict was
signed by Jurors David E. Harris, H. T.
Hauxhurst and Gecrge A. Beanston.
The Coroner refused to approve the ver
dict.
The second verdict was to the effect
that the girl's death was due to an acci
dent. This was signed by J. Glassman, J.
Morris and D. N. Rust. The Coroner ap
proved the second verdict and the jury
was discharged.
_■ ♦ ■
Oil Laborers on a Strike.
About twenty-five laborers engaged in
the Arctic Oil Works, at the Potrero.
struck work yesterday forenoon. The dif
ference between the men and their cci
ployers arises out of the former demand
ing 50 cents a day more than they have
been getting In the past, the pay hereto
fore being $2 a day. The men considered
that in consequence of the laborious na
ture of the work they were entitled to
$2 50. This demand was refused and hence
the strike.
■ ♦ ■
HE LOVED FIERCELY.
• Edward Stackpole Arrested for
Threatening to Kill His
Former Employer.
Prank W. Marston, proprietor of a res
j taurant on Market street, between Fourth
and Fifth, told Judge Mogan yesterday
I that he was "afraid of his life," and asked
j for a warrant for the arrest of Edward
! Stackpole, a waiter discharged from his
restaurant, on the charge of threats to
! kill.
Stackpole had become smitten with the
charms of Miss Lottie Clark, the cashier
: in the restaurant, and persistently an
! noyed her with his attentions. She com
i plained to Marston, and as Stackpole had
| been going on occasional sprees Marston
I discharged him. Stackpole went to the
i restaurant on Sunday night in an intoxi-
I cated condition and raised a disturbance
in his efforts to see the cashier. Marston
saw the girl to her home, as she was
■■ afraid of Stackpole.
Yesterday morning Stackpole met Mars
ton on Market street and threatened to
! make him a subject for the Coroner before
' night, and Marston believed that he would
■ carry out his threat. Stackpole was ar
! rested yesterday afternoon.
SAN FRANCISCO MINERS.
Local Association Choses Officers and
Convention Delegates.
Th^ Sun Francisco County Miners' As
rlon held itn annual meeting In the
is of the Chamber of Commerce yes
t.:-.ia>. confining its business to a brief
election of oftV'-r? and of delegates to
the state convention, which will convene
on October 23, and leaving matters con
nected with the annual meeting of the
American Institute of Mining Engineers
!:< x! week to the committees in charge.
Upon the report of a nominating com
mittee, consisting of George Stone,
ge E. Dow and Niles Searla, the
: wing om>ers and delegates were
d: President, J. F. Halloran: vice
1 president, E. A. Rix; secretary, Charles
IG. \ ■:>> ■ executive committee — George
Johnafe Qi rge C. Sargent, A. L. Scott,
| H. C. Langrehr, Dan T. Cole, George
i Stone. George E. Dow. \V. C. Ralston;
j convention delegates— Curtis H. Lindley,
rge E. Dow. J. P. Halloran, George
C. Sargent. W. C. Ralston, George Stone,
A. S. Cooper. W. W. Montague, S. J.
Hendy, Andrew Carrigan.
EXPERT ACCUSED OF
FRAUDULENT CHARGES
MARYSVILLE, Sept. 18.— The trial of |
H. H. Love of Palermo, the Grand Jury
expert charged by the District Attorney ;
of Tuba County with presenting to the
Supervisors fraudulent claims for services ;
performed as an expert last spring, began |
Superior Court tc-day, Judge Da- I
vis presiding.
The following jury has been secured to j
try the case: J. M. Ribble, Thomas Fo
garty, W. X MeCullough, B. F. Davis, j
Prank Page. Louis Miller. John T. All
ment, M. Goldstein. A. F. Meyer. William
r. John Stewart and Ed Hollen. It
Is thought the taking of testimony will
conclude to-morrow.
WALDEN WAS A LAWYER.
VANOOUVJSB, Wash., Sept. 18.— John j
l\ Wnlden, the private in Company E, ;
Thirty-fifth Infantry, who committed sui- ,
ride by taking poison yesterday, was a ;
lawyer" by profession, and previous to his I
enlistment in the army, on August ?, last,
B< itle. he was a resident of Chicago.
In his packet was found a certificate en- j
titling him to practice before the Supreme
of th<- State of Illinois, Waldon ■
was a well educated man and was com- :
lany clerk. *
He was among: the men ordered dls- j
charged for physical disability in the sec
ond examination, and his discharge ar
rived to-day. It is said that Walden came
West "ti business, and while in Seattle
went on a protracted spree. While re
covering from Its effects he enlisted In tne
army. He left several letters, among
them being one addressed to Mrs. Louise
n, Stone Fort. 111., who is supposed
to be his wife. In a letter to the public
he stated that he was tired of life.
CHILD'S AWFUL DEATH.
REDDING. Sept. 18.-»Huber Flynn, the j
two-year-old of Mr. fend Mr~. W. T. j
Flynn "f San Francisco, met with a hor- j
ible tltaih at [ron Mountain to-day. The |
(ttle fellow, a bright and pretty boy, was !
playing around the house unnotii >■'!.
A. aaacer containing carbolic acid j
1 on a table by Mr?. Flynn for the
se of killing- fliea attracted the!
ijoy a attention and childlike he raised it j
up and drank the contents. Death came j
ivithin a few hours to relieve the infant's
terrible Bufferings. The death of the child
i sad blow to the parent* and the
•• was nearly crazed with grief.
.)dy was taken to San Francisco
for burial.
Drank Carbolic Acid.
SAX JOSE, Sept. 1>. — James P.
Dougherty, cook for a haybaling crew
near Stanford University, died this morn
ing' from carbolic add poisoning. The evi
dence at the Inquest showed that the
poisoning waa accidental, Dougherty hav
ing mistaken the bottle for one contain
ing whisky. Deceased was 57 years of
age and single.
Cut His Throat.
LOS ANGELES, Bept. 18.— T. B. Ben
nett, a Bh< • maker, made an attempt to
commit suicide this morning by cutting
his throat with a shoe knife. The wind- j
pipe was severed, but at the Receiving i
Hospital the wound was dressed and it
•s possible the man may recover. He i 3
rs old and has a family living at
Puente.
Blame Foreman and Engineer.
OAKLAND, Sept. IS.— The collision
which occurred early yesterday morning
In East Oakland, when a special train on
the Seventh-street line crashed into the
engine of the Alameda local, has been
investigated by the railroad authorities,
and, according to Superintendent Agler,
who was seen at his home to-night, "tho
blame rests upon the foreman who was at
the switch and the engineer of the switch
engine which was hauling the special.
At least, so it looks from the investigation
to-day." continued Superintendent Agler.
"You see. it was very foggy at the time
and the engineer couldn't see where he
was going, but his engine was moving
slowly and the damage to both engines
Is not over $400 or ?50u. The greatest dam
age was to the cabs. Engineer Hammond
and Fireman Braswell of the Alameda
train were not seriously injured."
—1♦ ■ .
May Demand Damages.
OAKLAND, S^pt. 18.— Notwithstanding
the Coroner's Jury at the Inquest of Rln
aldo Rlsi, the three-year-old child run
over and killed by a Fourteenth-street
car last week, exonerated the Oakland
Transit Company, the parents, it is un
derstood, propose to sue the corporation
for damages. Dr. F. Wilkes. who attend
ed the child, is authority for the state
ment that several important witnesses
who were not called at the inquest could
give testimony putting a very different
aspect upon the case.
,■ ♦ •
Its Third President Dies.
OAKLAND, Sept. 18.— M. H. Eastman,
president of the Oakland Paving Com
pany, died this morning at the age of
70 after thirty years' business experi
ence in this city. Within two years three
successive presidents of the Oakland
Paving Company have died. The first
was Mr. Palmer, who died in 1897; Mr.
Blake, his successor, died in 1898; Mr.
Eastman Is the third.
Railrad Short of Cars.
HAYWARDS, Sept. 18.— The farmers
and fruit growers of Eden and Washing
ton townships are experiencing consider
able difficulty in shipping their products,
as the Southern Pacific Company has not
frelghtcars or men enough to handle the
goods. However, the railroad company
Has ordered 3"X> more boxcars and .V 0 more
coal cars, and when these arrive the
strain will be relieved.
POSTAGE ON SUNDAY CALL
SUNDA Y CALL wrapped ready
for mailing — postage 2c to all
points in United States, Canada
and Mexico, and 4c to all for-
eign points.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
ROOM THIEVES
ROBBED FOSTER
OF A THOUSAND
Big Sacks of Coin in
His Trunk.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Sept. 13.
J. Foster, who lives at the Vendome i
Hotel, has reported the loss of a thou- j
sand dollars, which he declares was stolen
from his trunk several days ago. He
says the money was In gold and bank
notes, and that while he was out a thief
went to his trunk and stole his coin.
Foster came here from the East sev- j
eral months ago for the benefit of his |
health. He is an old man and an inva- i
lid. He says that in addition to his coin j
two gold watches were stolen. He kept
the money in the sleeve of an old blue
shirt, and says that only one man in
town knew that he kept anything of
value In his mom.
In speaking of the alleged robbery, Fos
ter says that when he went to the Chief
of Police's office some one turned him
over to Detective Shorey. "Mr. Shorey
impressed me with the necessity of keep
ing the matter very quiet," said Foster.
"I made an agreement with him that I
would pny him $:00 in gold coin if he
would recover the thousand dollars I
lost. I would not put up any money in
advance, however, because I once did
that and came out loser in Oregon. If
Mr. Shorey recovers my money I will
gludly pay him. At present we have no
clew to the rubber."
Chief of Police Hodgkins made this
statement to-night: "Last Friday Fos
ter reported his loss to this department.
Detective Shorey and Detective Holland
went to the Hotel Vendome and searched
his room. In a bureau they found $aso
in gold, which they forced him to deposit
in some bank. His trunk had been forced
open, and I am inclined to think that
the money was stolen from him. There
was no deal made with the detectives,
but Foster did say that he would will*
ingly give half of what was lost to re
cover the other half. There was no
agreement made, and I feel sure the de
| tectlves acted squarely. So far there is
no clew to the robber."
HELD THE BABY WHILE
MOTHER SOUGHT AID
OAKLAND, Sept. 18.— "Pop" Wells, the
County Supervisor, otherwise familiarly
known as "Honest Tom Wells," was the
victim to-day of what some of his con
freres on the Supervisorial board would
term a "joke in black and white."
Mrs. Mangram, a Peruvian, appeared
before the board asking for help. She
had a four-months-old baby with her.
She had to sign her affidavit, and "Pop"
Wells offered to hold the youngster while
the woman wrote her name. Mr. Wells
took the dark Infant up in his arms.
From the way the lobby and Supervisors
laughed one might say that the spectacle
was a joke in black and white.
■•-..■ ; » '» ■ ■- ■ ;
Five Thousand as a Starter.
OAKLAND. Sept. IS.— The open meet
ing at Reed's Hall to-night resulted in
promises of over $5000 toward the pur
chase of a site upon which to build the
Carnegie library. G. R. Lukens presided
and Dr. George C. Pardee was tempor
STATEMEINT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
SVEA
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF GOTHENBURG. SWEDEN". ON THE
31st day of December, A. D. IS9S, and for
the year ending on that day, as made to the ;
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash t333.333 33
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $703,200 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 2.735,077 24
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and „ „„„ oo<
Bonds owned by Company 2.333.654 84
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral 972.090 9,
Cash In Banks 67,968 i 9
Cash in Company's Office...
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans . i.""," 68>914 78
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
.i on 184,463 31
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks
rtents due and accrued... ..............
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid.... 250.537 6S
Total Assets .$7.314.237 61
LIABILITIES.
Tosses adjusted and unpaid
Sa fn process of Adjustment or
in susDen^e ♦108,666 67
Losses resisted. Including expenses..
aril* premiums on Fire Risks run-
nine: one year or less. $ ; re-
insurance 60 per cent. Gross pre-
miums on Fire Risks running more
than one year. $ . reinsur-
than one >«", • •  ,
ance Dro rata ;••_•" ""i 2 *' •»
Gro«s premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks. * ; re-
i^=iirßnee 100 per cent
Gr^ premium^ on Marine Time
Risks. $ '• reinsurance 50 per
t uMHii'iiiider Life Department 4.802.950 S2
Cash dividends remaining unpaid.... 12,139 73
All other demands against the Com-
pany * '*'
Total Ltabilltie* • .JS.SIB.B7a 47
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire sQBoij9
NeT CaZ actually received for Ma- $USO ' 80139
Rec n e!veTCTnteVVst'on-Bondg-and
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Received*? or ' interest ' and " dividends
R on Bo^ds? Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources 252.5« OS
Solved t ?^i B oiher-^r C cv:::::: to&iS II
Total Income ,|2.677.495 22
EXPENDITURES.
Net mount paid for Fire Losses
"Wncfudlng $ . esses of pre-
vlou. ySfrsVT?. 1570.655 44
Nel amount paid for Marine Losse.
(including I . 1099es of pre-
DivldendV'to 9 Stockholders
Paid or allowed for Commission or
pfM k for g |aVaries;'FeVs"and"othe'r 4T0,4i4 Z»
p»n for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 132.732 38
PaFd for State. National and i local nm M
All"ther' payments' and 'expenditures 1,307.'05Q 82
Total Expenditures * .$2.506,149 99
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $570.655 44
'Risks and Premiums I Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
;e r ar ten ... dUrl . nX - th ' »391.«90.«8t K.« 55.462 81
Net amount of Risks
■ expired during the 173.459.061 842.23105
N t SC c a mbe U r nt 3l.' n iS9l?. rC .! 196.831.322 1.095.336 8S
" ~~ OLOF WIJK, President.
ERNST BRING, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this Ist
day ° f GUDM/fKERMARK. Notary Public.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
GENERAL AGENTS,
411-413 CALIFORNIA STREET,
"'.... SAN I FRANCISCO.
cEsl.oojBr Year
ary chairman. Mr. Lukens stated that
he had received an offer of $1000 from
Senator Perkins, and that 130.0-X) is the
sum that would probably be needed. The
meeting voted unanimously that Dr. Par
dee appoint a committee of five to work
with Senator Perkins In raising the
amount needed. The committee will be
announced in a few days. The subscrip
tion lists were opened and the following
amounts were pledged: W, J. Dlngee,
$1000; Senator Perkins, COOS; E. G. Lu
kens, $1000; Alex Young. $1006; F. B. Ginn,
$5(.i0, and Congressman Metcalf. $2."hi. E.
G. Lukens said he would be one of thiity
to give $1000. one of six to give $3000; but
he would rather, for the sake of Oak
land's reputation, be one of sixty to give
|500. He said that he i 3 going East to
morrow and would meet Mr. Carnegie
and report to him how Oakland had re
ceived his gift.
RAILROAD CASE THAT
PUZZLED AUTHORITIES
t OAKLAND, Sept. 18.— The proper mo- '
dus operandi in the prosecution of the ■
> Oakland Railroad Company for violating
I the city ordinance in not having two men
in charge of each car running on Alcatraz
i avenue, where little Esther Wahlstad was
! run over and killed a few weeks ago, is
| puzzling the authorities.
i At the preliminary examination held .n
I the Police Court the corporation, which is
! a tributary of the Southern Pacific Com
j pany. was held to answer. It was sup
! posed that the irial proper, therefore,
: would be held in the Superior Court, but
' it was discovered to-day that if there is to
; be a trial it also must be held in the Po
-1 lice Court.
"According to section 4427 of the Polit
', ical Code the Police Court has exclusive
, jurisdiction of all proceeding* for viola
! tion of any ordinance of the city, both
civil and criminal." said Deputy District
i Attorney Samuels tc-day. "I have looked
the matter up carefully. The Whitney
i act, a general law establishing Police
Courts, contains the same provision. To
; my mind the only method will be for the
Police Judge to impose the fine provided
for by law. Then the corporation may
apr^al from the judgment to the Superior
i Court, but thereafter there is no appeal
to a higher court, for the simple reason
' that the Police Court's jurisdiction is ex
■ elusive In this class of cases."
If the case is tried in the Police Court
it will be the first of its kind in the his
- tory of the Oakland Police Court.
HENRY S. MORRIS TURNS
TABLES ON HIS WIFE
OAKLAND. Sept. IS.— A motion to
quash service of summons and set aside
a default in the divorce suit of Lettie Ann
Morris against Henry S. Morris was
granted by Judge Greene this afternoon,
and defendant's attorney forthwith filed
an answer and cross-complaint, denying
the wife's allegations of cruelty and aver
ring that the suit was commenced for the
purpose of tying up the community prop
erty and harassing Morris, who at one
time was well to do. He was prominent
among the colored Masons and was some
years ago messenger in the Mayor's of
fice. San Francisco. After transferring
his property to his wife he went to Mon
tana became ill and in need, but hi? wife
refused to kid him financially. When he
succeeded in getting back to his Oakland
home one of his children closed the door
in his face, remarking that Mrs. Morris
would not see him. Since then Morris
has been dependent upon charity. In his
cross-complaint he alleges cruelty.
Dingee-Sather Libel Suit.
OAKLAND. Sept. IS.— Judge Greene has
settled the bill of exceptions in the appeal
taken in the suit of W. J. Dingee against
Mrs Jane K. Sather for $150,000 damages
for alleged libel. The appeal is based on
Judge Greene's refusal to dismiss the ac
tion on the ground that plaintiff at the
lime of tiling the suit had tailed to also
file a required bond.
STATEMENT
OF THE— —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
FIRE ASSOCIATION
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. IS9B. and for the year ending on that day,
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash $500.000 00
ASSETS. "
Real Estate owned by Company $322,671 37
| Loans on Bonds and Mortagages 2,034,199 17
! Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2,963,131 25
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral 151,550 00
Cash In Company's Office 11,366 S9
Cash In Banks 158,007 01
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 20.154 09
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 55.672 85
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 651.403 26
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken '
for Fire and Marine Risks
Rents due and accrued 2.833 75
Due from other Companies for Re-
' insurance on losses already paid... 20,073 74
Total Assets ..$6.430.563 38 \
LIABILITIES.
: Losses adjusted and unpaid $129,555 79
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 123. 16 21
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 36,410 93
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $1,792,988 75;
reinsurance 50 per cent 596.494 38
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $2,039,-
-150 09: reinsurance pro rata 1,129,056 17
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks, $ ; re-
Insurance 100 per cent ,
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks. $ ; reinsurance 50 per
cent
Amount reclalmable by the Insured
on perpetual fire Insurance poli-
cies , 1.949.312 72
All other demands against the Com-
pany 301,271 33
Total Liabilities $4.565.917 59
: INCOME. ~~~
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $2,522,175 33
1 Perpetual deposits received 51,704 83
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 130,300 23
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 133,06142
Received for Rents 6,637 94
Received from all .other sources 17.748 33
■ Total Income ..$2.863.623 08
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $212,756 58, losses of pre-
vious years) $1,533,541 25
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(Including $ . losses of pre-
vious years)
Dividends to Stockholders 200,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 552.589 14
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 284,198 73
. Paid for State, National and local ,
taxes : 81.003 04
I All other payments and expenditures 180,637 16
' Total Expenditures .. $2,811. »ii» 32
\ Fire.
Losses Incurred during the *■ - $1,691.997 43
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. I Premiums.
• Net amount of Risks
■written during the
year $236.653.623 $3,333.694 04
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 311,862.977 3.290.287 89
Net amount In force
December 31. 1598.... 355.205.055 3.532.133 84
• " E. C. IRVIN. President.
BENJ. F. HERKNESS. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 23d
: day of January, 1899.
THOMAS B. PROSSER. Notary Public. .
T. C. SHANKLAND,
STATE /AGENT.
JNO. D. RICHARDS,
Manager S. F. Department,
219 SANSOME STREET,
civ JTB_4J£CLSCfX pat., "*■— ~.i_'«
Metcalf s "ame Beaches Ohio.
OAKLAND. Sept. 18. — Congressman
Victor H. Metealr has been invited by
the chairman of the Republican State
Executive Committee of Ohio to take part
in the speaking campaign in that State
between September 23 and November 7.
Chairman Charles Slick's request says:
•'A* the result in Ohio will have a ma
terial bearing on the contest of 1900. It
is Important that new questions which
have forced themselves into the canvass
should be thoroughly understood by our
voters before election day. We feel that
by reason of your familiarity with ana
participation In current national affairs
you could present the issues In a man
ner so convincing as to dispel opposition
and add greatly to our majority.
SUIT OVER A CHILD
BORN ON THE YUKON
OAKLAND. Sept. IS. -Little Louise Yu
kon Beaumont was the subject of inter
esting habeas corpus proceedings heard
and determined before Superior Judge
Hall this afternoon. Six years ago the
child was born on the Yukon, in the
frozen northern gold fields, and about two
years ago the child was brought to Oak
land by her father, with instructions from
the mother that the child be placed ia
a convent. Instead, William Leaumont
placed the Yukon maiden in the care and
custody of Mrs. M. W. Teeple. residing at
1053 East Sixteenth street. Recently Mrs.
Beaumont learned that her instructions
had not be^n carried out. and a few days
ago she arrived here and demanded pos
session of her child. Mrs. Teeple refused
to give up the little one. on the ground
that the father had warned her against
doing so to any on* but himself. me
grieving mother to-day sued out a writ or
habeas corpus, and Judge Hall determined
that Mrs. Beaumont was a.s much entitled
to the custody of the child as the father,
and rendered a decision accordingly, ma
child will now be placed in a convent.
Suit Over Death Benefits
OAKLAND, Sept. 18.— Kate A. Caroth
ers to-day commenced suit as widow and
executrix of the estate of John I. u
rothers against the Supreme Lodge of the
National Reserve Association, a corpora
tion existing under the laws of the state
of Missouri, for the recovery of $2000 death,
benefits claimed due on a polity and cer
tin^at" of insurance issued to John 1.
Cafothers on March 2". 1893. Her com
plaint recites that the husband at the tima
of bis death, March 20. 189». waa a mem
ber in good standing of Piedmont Lodge
No. 63 of the order at San i ranclsco; that
the proofs of death were allowed by the
supreme medical director of the order
Augus-t 1 last, but that defendant has
failed to pay the amount to the plaintiff
widow.
Engagements Announced.
ALAMEDA. Sept. 18.-The engagement
is announced of William ?™ene of San
Francisco and Miss Ethel chisholm of
thi« City Miss Chisholm is the sisterof
Mr! rVmey Haslett of this city. The
groom to be is a son of H. A. Greene a
banker of Monterey, and a brother of
Clay Greene, the famous playwright.
'The engagement is announced of Mis 9
Marie H. Brink of this city to Dr J. Fred
Pearson of the United States sh p Ben
nlnpton. now at Manila. Miss Brink is a
handsome blonde and enjoys the acquaint
ance of a large circle of friends in Ala
meda and Oakland.
Oakland Cupid's Popularity.
OAKLAND Sept. IS.— Marriage licenses
w?re issued hy County Clerk Jordan to
day as follows: To Albert H. Michelson.
aged % years, and Julia A. Hart. 33 years;
Keever 19 years. San Francisco; Stephen
F Butler. 24 year?. San Jose, and Daisy
M. Gibson, 22 years, Palo Alto.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
. ; . OF THE
NORTH GERMAN FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG, GERMANY. ON THE 318T
day of December, A. D. 1898. and. for the
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commission of the State of California,
pursuant to the provisions of sections 610 ana
611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up la
Cash
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company •*»-««««
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages $72.b00 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 891.313 7a
Amount of Loans secured by pledge of
Bonds, Stocks and other marketable
securities as collateral
Cash in Company's Office tt IS «
Cash in due and "accrued on •-•••• •■•• 77.663 25
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans - H' : 'i' 15.886 23
Interest due and accrued on Bonds g 9J _ 1§
Pre n miu 3 nVs rt ln a du S e Course of CoVlirtlon: IHUI 70
Certificate of deposit in hands of
United States Trustees ...... 25,000 00
Cosh In hands of United State, Trus- ? M
Bills' receivable, not matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks
Rents due and ................
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid....
Total Assets .$715.818 10
LIABILITIES. "*~ ~~"
Losses adjusted and unpaid $3,753 30
Losses In process of Adjustment or in
Suspense Z7.0v5 M
Losses resisted, including expenses.... 2,500 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks running
one year or less, $302,347 97; re-insur- £
ance 50 per cent 151,173 99
Gross premiums on Fire Risks running
more than one year. $230,552 41; re-in-
Burance pro rata ■•■••■•• V•y • • 143,599 SI
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks. $ :
re-Insurance 100 per cent...
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks. $- ; re-insurance 50
per cent • __^_
Total Liabilities - .$328, "32 18
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
* premiums ...................$472,073 »
Net Cash actually received for Marine
premiums ii'": ■
; Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages :-.v.'.':v: 3,680 «|
Received for Interest and dividends on
Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from all
other sources 17,384 64
Received for Rents
Total Income .$493.139 99
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $38,999 24. losses of previous-^
years) $300,659 93
Net amount paid for Marine Losses,
(Including $ . losses of pre-
vious years) ••••••••■•
Dividends to Stockholders........
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage V';. " 158,183 18
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers. clerks, etc...... 33,632 71
Paid for State. National and local
• o xf*s •"•»•♦••'••••"••••" ••••••••••••••••• 9 t »Hl 50
All other payments and expenditures.. 27.652 14
Total Expenditures $538,114 47
Losses incurred during the year. -fire... 5.296,222 89
Risks "and Premiums Fire Risks. Premiums
Net amount of Risks
™...^! nB :..^! *H.709,«0« $691,707 87
Net amount of Risks
»xnlred during the! 46.548.959 710.693 51
year • 46,548,959 710,695 51
vo» amount in force
j December 31. IS9S ( 48,718,312 . 538.230 38
~ ~ . ADOLPH LOEB.
United States Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 13th:
day of FebrUary MAßic A. FOOTE.
Notary Public.
WALTER SPEYER,
i GENERAL AGENT FOR THE PACIFIC COAST,
225 SANSOME STREET,
V: tin FRANCISCO r-*i».
910
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUHTNEBS OFFICE of the Ban Franrtseo
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock wry night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
Jtro Jf ,v.. street: open until «o el*-*. _.
OS McAlllrter street; op*n until .*:3O o clock.
tiß I*rk!n street: open until <>:30 ocbck.
JMI Mlr*ion rtre-»t; open until 10 ° c '° ck -, /T __
JJ<!l Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
nntll 6 o'clock. «»_i«-w
B 'l'"« Eleventh street! open until 9 I *"*-
JOM Valencia street; wen until 9 °. rIor ._.
KnrthwcHt corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tnrky rtr*«>ti»: open until 1 o'clock. _______
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. P.. A. . M-. EL.
v-11l meet THIS (TUESDAY) BVEN-
INO September 1». at 7:M o clock.
.H»nt»<] meetlnx and R. A. degree, By ' •*
order of the 11. i U-ICT ,!. LAV. '■
0, r. and A. ■
. [NG at <:io_J*_-
o-cJoch. Th ' rd^y_nOßE, B. V
PAnFT"' ly-dre No. l.^fl. F. and A. M., ■
*2I Eddy «'t.r m-.«ts THIS EVENING.
y__^
____
ORIENTAL I>.di-o No. 144, F. and A. »
j,I_F. C. .lei-r.-- THIK (TUESDAY) J\^
•■•--■ , ■...,Ll..^. X*
A. S HUBHARP, Bee. fV'
ACCOUNTANTS.
J- X BALLARD, 401 Cal. rt., designs, audits *
»dln»t>! «'-i"Mir.t« for forpora'lfnw fc flrm»: ref.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE It^\ divorce ■ v.- a specialty; private:
n f<-« without r.m-cefs: llections. O. W.
HOWE, atty at law, g."O Market cor. Btocktn.
Ci'aßA POLTZ attorney ut law, Crocker
b!<lk'.: tel. Black 71; practlcs In all courts.
j7~R CLARK, Emma Rpreckels building. 827
AlHrket; conKultatlon free; no fees In advance.
J? R. I'ARKER. S<l6 Market st.. room 67; advice
free; charge low; business pushed.
KAGLE & rAOLK, attorneys at law, Emma
Ppreckelg building, 527 Market st.
ADVICE free: no charge unless isucceßSful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. '.-27 Market St.. »PP- M-"- ■■'■
HOARD \M> ROOMS.
JJoTeL FAIRMOUNT— Strictly flrst-cl.iss; 1714
Market st., S. K. Cal.: American and Euro-
pean plan ; elegantly furnlslii-d rooms, single
or en mite; board and room, $1 per day up;
fultes without board. $1 per day; single rooms.
too; special rates by month, also to tourists.
AN exre/'dlr.xly iulet and attractive boms is
(.pen to a few Lppreciatlve ■;,'.<■. term», in
iflvan-f, $35. Home, box 2287, Call.
i li- : C"7- -Wrll-furnlKhed front rooms, with
f-oorl board: bath; telephone; gas; piano.
GEARY. MS-Klegant nulte. bath, front gar-
den, wpiirate entrance; also single rooms
GITNTLEMAN can find room and board In prl-
vnto family nt 2.12 Halght «.: One location;
Hiilk'ht Bt. can pa.«s dour; terms moderate.
O TAHKEUi, 742- Clean, comfortable rooms;
gooii fionie Icing; special rates to gents.
POPTi H'JW-One large ulcovo front room; also
sunns mom; board for couple or two.
VAN~ NESS aye., 940— Nicely furnished rooms
and board; all modern conveniences.
VAN NESS, 944— Elegantly furnished -rooms;
exr-ell<»nt board: special rates to couple*.
BOARDING 1111 l I'iill.Dllh.V
WANTED— lnfant to board; $10 per month. -10
1.-TiT t't.T: a-.-.
BOOKS — m:w ami OLD.
SCHOOL 11OOKH bought and exchanged.
Holmes Rook Co.. 704 MlHilon at., near Third.
UUSINESS CHANCES.
,\_ji)oo; ELKGANTLY fixed up and Qrst-cla «
paying nalo>jr. close to Palace Hotel; rent
j;,O li'usi-; uifusrTn.ont of partners caun«
ut hiiln. It. O. V\'ll>Jv]C # »(i»i Market 6t.
{37;i^_M ttr Ket st. corner saloon, close to Chroni-
cle well Htoi'ked, paying tiptop; lease; owner
mußt ko to Mexico. ILK] SOU Market Bt.
j\ : DAIRY, produce and delicacy store I
In very best location nnd doing v good pay-
Inc bui>ln< n»: eleguntly llxed up: sell whole
or take partner. Cull R. O. Wii.KK. SWb
Mnrket nt.
Ar-fXSOO— CORNER grocery ond bar on Hayes
St.; rent ?.:.'.; old-establ. and good paying
place; no credit; ill cash custom. liniuir« K.
<; Wil.Ki., ■.-'. Market Ht.
A— I— SO— CORNE R saloon with 6 rooms; rent
Ji.u; mercantile lunch; num>unded by whole-
nile houseH on.l Iron foundries; place clearing
übove JK' 1 ' per month; leant.-; " splendid offer.
Jt. U. WILKK. 806 Mnrket 't.
X |4500 TH leading '• itaurant and oyster
parlor on Market Bt. ; open day and nlgl no
Letter paying place In this city; lease. It. O.
V ll.Ki:. l" ■; Market st.
A— 11000; CORNER Grocery nnd bar; transfer
point: rent 540: a Rood-paying store; estab-
lulit-u years: lull value in «iKht; all cash
trade. Call It. O. WILKE. 906 Market st.
1250— BRANCH bakery, candy and variety; 4
living rwinw; cheap rent: owner owns buiia-
tiiK; will give lenKe. M. LESS, 70S Market st.
A— J7sO— HUTCHER Shop; ; ■ i eroua town of
Flute; ',;, miles from city; more than value;
l>est-cl:ins trade: hotels, restaurants and prl-
vate; worth SU.irf); clearing jiwj monthly. M.
MCPK, 7«3 Market fit.
JV — $75<i — CORNEH; fruit, groceries, cigars, to-
biicco, candies, etc.; store central; north, nr.
Market; Cleanilg JI2C monthly; retiring from
business. M. LESS, 7CJ Market st
$2000— COFFEE saloon and restaurant vicinity
Call bulMlne; clearing $.f"0 monthly; proof
furnished; sickness. M. LESS, 7';:. Market
Itr.STANItANT at a sacrifice; disagreement
cause or sale. McLAUUHLIN & CO., 777V4
Market fl.
PA LOON: one ut thf best bars In the
city. Mclaughlin & <■< i.. 777'- Market «t.
$600—PARTNER wanted In prosperous country
town In tonaoiial, bllllanlß. cigars, station-
ers' and notion Kt.ire. McLAUGHLIN & CO.,
7774 Market m.
RESTAURANT
FIRST-CLASS
COUNTRY TOWN
MUST ■;:.!. .. OFFER WANTED
H. C. 11ECKER, 1020 MARKET ST.
vA I-l- of bargains this week- Saloon. 3 living
rooms, $27">; saloon, living mom?, city front,
$75; grocery and bur. Mission Bt., only 1276;
several other bargains. IIEAI.Y, ''17 Market.
FINE delicacy ntor.\ "''ntxr pnrt of clly, at a
great sacrtnee. COWING & CO., MG Market
PARTNER wanted mfg. bunlness; will bear In-
veytlgatlon. COWING & CO.. 99. Market st.
ff.o0 — BRANCH bakery, stationery, notions,
f tc. ; north of Market; cheap rent; 3 nice liv-
Ing rooms; receipts *.'!UO monthly. WINSTON
A CO., 1026 Market »i.
A— s37f,— RESTAURANT; location where 1000
jirrsons employed; ii" ala 20< . rent lIS must
Bell. ■- ':i:i:<; & CO.. 26H Kearny Bt.
BUY or sell your business to your satisfaction
Is to rail at THE PACIFIC COAST EX-
CHANGE, Hio7% Market St., near Sixth.
|450— SALOON and lunch house; 9 rooms; best
location on city front; Rood place for man
and wife or ! men, or will accept good man
as partner. Apply liquor store, klf.^ Folsom.
HARE chance— For ■'•■'■ family hotel of M
rooms; right downtown; clean over $150 per
month; elegantly furnished. Address box
1214. Call Office.
WANTED— Good man with a few thousand
dollars In an old established manufacturing
business; -will stand full Investigation. Box
2134. Call office.
FOR sale— Engravers' well established busi-
ness In a good town; brightest prospects. Ad-
flresß box 8153. OhH ■ifllce.
BTOKK. with r.xtureH. and two housekeeping;
furnished. Apply '■'''■'■ l'lfth st.; rent reason-
ahle. |
"WANTED— Buyer or partner for plumbing
bur.lncrs: no experienco needed. 1918 Howard.
A HITK & CO.. 987 Market p.t.— Do you want
a quick Bale? l«l»t your IxirKalns with us.
jjOf^ZpoH 6AL.R a paying drug business in
Western Addition. Boi 2256. Call. ;
1115— HHANC1I bakerj for Bale; 2 living rooms.
806% Filbert Et. '
JTOH mil' 1 cheai>— llakery. notions, cigar stand.
Apply 1704 Howard ft.
r>AIltV and delicacy business; good Bteady cash
trude; mupt sell; cause alclmaw Call morn-
lni;n. 1109 F^lpom gt.
AN offer wanted: old-established corner saloon:
Hide entrance to tamala cafe; fair stock and
a good business. C 32 Market St., room 8.
PORK and delicacy store; full Ptock: receipts
over J5OO month; trial given. 125 Fifth »t.
yon sale cheap— Bakery and notion store; S
good living rooms. Call nt tO Eighth at.
i CHANCE tor house painter; old-established
brines*, tools and Block; low rent, 926
"Washington Bt. ,
BARBERS 1176; 2-chnlr shop, fine fixtures,
nour 8. P.! line location: good prices; cheap
rent; tbs. »Q week. JONEB, 866 Market at.
KAI/>ON— J3fiO; fixtures alone, worth price. 12
Seventh st.. I. O. O. V. building, opposite
now rostofflcc building.
WOOD, coal yard; must be sold; double and
single team. 1038 flutter at. - "
I, , : ! AURANT. with every conj'"!?"^
fine location: good trade; sickness. 1008 Hyde.
'FOR honest dealing, buying, selling a business,
,^ trust to raclflo.ltoom ilentlnc C0..«28 Kearny.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Co_tI»_*dU
$450— BRANCH baJtery, candy, stationery, school
nupplles. opposite school of 900 children: doing
120 business day; milk alone pays rent: 4 liv-
ing rips., bath; rent $16. Jones & Co.. 865 Mkt.
FOR SALE— I3OO; bakery, confectionery, notion,
coffee and Ice cream parlors; rent $10; doing
$260 per mo.: v d reasons for Felling. Addr«-«s
J. A. WOODARD, Fruttvale aye., Krultvale.
OAKLAND bakery, candy and tamale
parlors; choice locality; pays big: old stand;
worth double. SALSBURY, 908 Broadway.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
•W. CASWELL _ CO.'! ' - Sacramento st.
PRIVATE boarding house: 1. rooms; all full;
north of Market. Box IS4J. Call office.
GOOD paying Inside route for sale; this paper.
Apply 'nil once.
FOR sale— Good paying Inside route on tbU
paper. Apnly Call office.
CAJUUAGES AM) WAGONS.
TWO small business wagons: on" large one;
doctor's phaeton; a bargain. 27G7 Twenty-
fourth at.
DELIVERY wagon carrying one ton; top and
road buggy, good as new. SHAW, 1621 Markt.
100 BETS second-hand harness; Wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and homes. 1140 Folsomst.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
etc. cheap. EOAN & PON. 2117 Minion ft.
CAIII'KT BEATINH AM) CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'H Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. SSS-207 Tchama St.; tel. 8. 40.
CITY Bteam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
EVENS, rngr., 88-40 Bth St.; tel. South 260.
LAST and beat, Sanitary Cleaning Co.. "for
health." 342 McAllister st. ; phone South 146.
j m QUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
4 53 Btevenson St.; tel. South 228: lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpel Cleaning Co.. '02 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 294. QEO. WALCOM. Propriety.
CARPETS cleaned at 2c per yard; laid at 3c.
BTRATTON'F, 3 Eighth st.: tel. Jessie 944.
J E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
lit : cleaning. le per yard: tel Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate nve. ; tel. East 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA "'"cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Pa.ste; a household blessing; a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
A cent. Offlce and factory. "I KT..-:ir st.
CLAIRVOYANTS AM) •*»» IKJ I I Al i>M.
MRS a a JENKINBON, 1346 Market St.—
Bitting, dally. 10 to 4. $1, Wednesdays and
Sundays pted; home circles every Tues-
day and Friday. ■ p. m. sharp; also Thursday
fit 2 p. m. sharp; fee.
M M PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; tern with double veil and second
Sight: diagnoses disease: full life ridings;
ladle*, fie; gents, II; Bluings, $1 :.O. l-« urk.
MADAME A. CERVANTES, the celebrated
Bpani sh fortune-teller, newly arrived, »
Hayes St., room 7, second floor.
C STEERS, medium; U2M| Oak st. ; circles
Tues., 8 p. in.; Thvrn.. 2 p. m.; i^c; read-
Ings, Jl.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle. 2 p. m. : I"" 11 "" 9
answered, 20c; test to-night 10c. _ 6tn.
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle Of truth; 2 and
8 p. m. 14 McAllister, room 85; admission lflc.
C V MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance.
8 p. m. ; Kc. 409 Leavenwortlijit.
MRS J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader, medical clairvoyant 232 Stockton.
PROFESSOR /.KKA. the best fortune teller
in the city. 263 Third si ; Uj>Pta4rn.
MRS. FAVRE, medium, removed to 886% Mar-
ket St., parlors 8-10.
MME. HANSON, card reader and palmist:
past, present, future; 25c. 148 Sixth st.. r. 12.
GYPSY life reader; satisfaction guaranteed;
25c; reading by mall |1. '•> Seventh St.
SPIRIT test, business medium; sit. 800, $1; cir-
cle Tile.-.'. Thurs.. Sat, at 8. 1".-. 510 \ alencla.
PROF GEE. readings. $1; t'nt circles Tues..
Thurs.. Frl.. 8 p. m.; 2r.c. 1»35 Market at.
MME LANGE, queen of clairvoyants. 1167 Mar-
ket.' bet. 7th and Bth; fee 25c up; action.
MME MOREAU, Ihe best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 - Fourth Bt., near Mission.
YOUR future tojd by cards, 25c; dally, 10 a.
m. to 10 p. m.; Sun. 7 to 10 p. m. 105 Larkln.
MRS.C.J METER, 335 McAllister, testa dally ex-
cept Wed Sat.:2*Bp.m..loc&Kc; sittings dally.
MME. BYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. :■-..■. ladles. 914 O'Farrell H.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
OEOROE W. KELLY B Agency; no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. '.'--'7 Market st.
COT— TO LET.
TT'RK ir,62— Cottage, 4 rooms, also cottage, 3
rooms, in rear; large stable; reasonable.
COTTAGE of 6 rooms and bath and yard; gar-
den 121 Pfelffer, bet. Stockton and Dupont.
$8— f.?,8 IVY aye.; three sunny rooms, basement,
yard; betweent I>aguna mil Octavla Bts.
$18— PRETTY cottage; C rooms; almost new.
2065 Twenty-first ft. : key at cor, grocery.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T S. HIGGINS' dental parlors, 827
Market St.. over Cafe /Jnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the best and most artistic
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
filling, from $1 up; other linings from 60c;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
llllerl or crowned without pain; plates that tit
from $• <"" up; flesh colored plates from $3 50
up; teeth without plates a specially; open
evenings and Sundays.
a NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry.
Bynol on application to the gums, removes
the pain; see our flesh colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings, 50c; crowns. $3 B0; plates,
full set IB; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth St.
■\T the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC, i>o9 Mar-
ket st cor. 4th. rrn. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our si laity; g"id crowns,
up; plates, extractions free, Ji M up; of-
11, c hours, t a. m. to li p. m.; Sundays, 8 to 2
p. m. ii. W. WILLIAMSON. M. I. Manager.
ii!! OEOROE W I.EEK. 2" rvparrell St.. ex-
tracts and tills teeth painlessly by hIH won-
derful secret method; crowns, }2; bridges, J4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received R first
;  . no students. BiiarHntftod 12 years.
V\N VKOOM l'alnless extraction by electric-
ity; EunrHiitee 10 yearn; lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market st.
1. 1: 1,1 !>!, rj| HILL, 144.1 Market «t.. near
enth; crowns, bridge work and linings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
LOWEST prices In S. F. ; work warranted 10
years. N. V. Dentists, 989 Mission, cor. 6th.
BET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
v<>rs<;. m i-.ik *t.
EDK ATIO.WL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post »t., San
Krancii.no— Bookkeeping, business practice,
rnorthand. typing, languages, telegraphy,
English branches, civil and mining engineer-
ing, assaying, blowpipe, geology, mineralogy,
purveying, etc.; electrical engineering— theory,
practice, design, construction, mechanical
drawing; 25 learners; individual Instruction;
200 graduates annually placed In positions:
rtudents can enter for any course any time;
no entrance examinations; new hO-page cata-
logue free.
A NIGHT School for Men. Y. M. C. A.. Mason
and Ellis »ts.— Opons October 2. Huslness and
Industrial course— Shorthand, typewriting,
bookkeeping, electricity, mechanical and
architectural drawing, German, Spanish.
English, grammar, mathematics, elocution,
commercial law, physical culture classes, eto.
A nftisiiershlp privilege. ("nil or send for
school catalogue. Tuition within read) of all.
A^tKS 1 H;islncss College, 723 Market st. short-
hand, typewriting, b.u.kke^plng. writing Kng-
llsh. telegraphy, under 'luallfled teacher; low
rates; llf.' scholarship, ISii; catalogue.
A— THE Lyceum, accredited preparatory school
for the universities, law and medical colleges;
day and evening courses; references, l'reg.
Jordan or any Stanford professor. Phelan big.
II ii. BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of sum" Normal), instructs
In ahorthnnd ; pupils by mall. 302 Montgomery.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Kills system; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
iv.n. Hun Francisco Hus. College, 123rt Markt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
l.ig, m<"eh. survey, assay, archi. :day and even.;
e»t. 1564 VAN DKU NAILLEN. m Market.
MATHEMATICS, mechanics, steam, graphics,
etc; circulars and specimen leKnon papers;
evenings. 3040 Blxteenth st.
LAI'Y. experienced high school teacher. Uni-
versity graduate, teaches In families. 954
Ad-l:n" M.. Oakland.
BINGINO. Piano: Paris grad.: French. Spanish.
$1 mo. DSO G. G. aye., r. t-7; hours 2 to S.
OUTTAB taught ■denUflcaiiy and artlstloally!
Mrs. C. J. & Miss Elsie Tooker, 1008 Bush st.
PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory of
Lelpelc: lessons. 76c. 120 Golden Gate aye.
LAW Schools. 927 Market. S. F., and 906 ~Broad^
way. Oakland; day and night : correspondence.
"EXPANSION" the order at DITRHAM'S Bus-
Iness College. 306 Larkln St.. opp. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, arlthmetlc.irrajnmar, writing;
day and eight; term* low. 1024 Mlsslon,nr.6th.
THE SAT* FEAjNTCISCO CAI_I_, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 19. 1899.
EMPLOYMEST OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Oil- '>
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Blaclc 1«L
JAPANESK-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. OKO. OAKI. ?A G»ary Bt. : tel. Grant \A.
j EMPLOYMENT WASTED FBMALE.
' COMI'KTENT paninh girl desires situation as
cooking and housework; best of reference. .
maa fx.iA.w.-. n nutter st :
REFINi".I> Oerman nef-ond girl desires situa-
tion; best of ref. MIKS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
NEAT y'Hjnjr girl desires a situation; good
houseworker and plain cook; ref. MISS H.
CXJLLINAN, £23 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS G'-rrnan cook desires situation:
best ref; also first-class Swedish cook with
good ref.; city or county. MIPS H. CULLI- \
NAN, 323 Butter St.; phone MainJ^
SWEDISH Fecond rlrl; flnn-class seamstress:
• • iJ>; references. MKB. NORTON. 3i:i
Butter bt.
FTRBT-CLABS American and German cook; 2
years' refa. MHB. NORTON, 313 Butter Ht.
GERMAN bouaetrirl; good cook; r."st refer-
-, J25. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
Fiit.-'T-CLAS B German cook desires situation;
In private family: best of references; wagts
: ■ 21C4, Call office^
I:i [.iAiii.f; ~ man, good oook; do b —ekeep-
Ing; city or country; give reference. 608
Jones Et. ' _____
QERMAN GIRL wishes situation as house- [
keeper or to do light housework; a plain cook.
Boa 2156, Call office^
AN elderly woman, who is a good cook, clean
and nc-at, wishes a situation to do light house-
work In small family. Call 1231 Market ut.,
room 18. _______
j'.HI'JHT young girl would like ft position In
a drygornls store. Apply 334 Bush jit.
)■ [TION Wanted at- fiPiims-tress nnd chamber-
work in oo_ttry. Addre_» box 2145, Call.
GERMAN girl, good cook, wants position in
small family. Iniiulre O. SIMON, 68 Clemen-
tina ft.
COMPETENT middle-aged widow, with-
■Jiy inrumbrances, wishes a position as
J. 1 UK-keeper for widower or bachelor, in City
«.r conn try, for a good home. Address MKS.
11. Ul'liV 2. r .f. Eighth s^
BY German woman; first-class cook; wages $Io;
daughter can take care of children in same
family; wages no object. Call or address 2403
Clay at., rear. ____
NEAT competent Swedish woman wishes to do
general housework In small family; beet of
ref. ; wages $25. 1328 Mission St., near Tenth.
YOUNG German woman with one child wishes
work either general housework or cooking;
city or country. Address 2315 Mission st.
GERMAN woman wants situation for general
housework and plain cooking. 1465 Ellis st.
DRESSMAKER, thoroughly competent: per-
fect fitting, designing and trimming; cos-
tumes remodeled; latest styles; $1 25 per day.
Address J. H. P., 601 Post Bt.. room 84.
YOUNG girl wants housework and care of chil-
d ren. Address 951 McAllister Bt.
WOMAN wants work, washing or cleaning;
$1 p*r day and car fare. Cail 449 Linden aye.,
near Octavia.
t
RELIABLE young girl desires position at
genera] work and cooking; wages $20. Call
221 Hickory aye.
WANTED— 'as working housekeeper
by competent woman, or would take charge
of Invalid; reference given. 209& Ellis st._
YOUNG girl wants position to do house or
second work. Apply C 27 Ivy aye.
COMPETENT middle-aged woman wants sit-
uation to do housework In small American
family. £27 Golden Gate aye.
SITUATION wanted by respectable woman as
nurse; good reference. 618 O'Farrell --t.
YOUNG girl wishes a place to assist in light
housework; no washing. Call 327 Clementina.
MIDDLE-AGED lady. Mason's widow, of re-
llnement, requires situation as companion or
managing housekeeper for family; pleasant
home more on object than high wages; coun-
try preferred. Box M, Call office.
SEAMSTRESS wants position with dregs-
maker; will teach tailor system; best In use;
rtfje of charge if given employment. Box
20. .6, Call office,
YOUNG lady assistant bookkeeper, legible pen-
man and cashier, desires position: hours, 9 to
4; salary $3 per week; references. Box 2058,
Call.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman would like to
get place as working housekeeper in country.
267 Stevenson fit.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes work in fam-
ilies or at home. 819 A Sutter St.; telephone
Larkln 962. ■
1 A YOUNG lady wishes a place as working
i housekeeper. Call at 807 Fourth St., room 1.1
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third Bt.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night; $1 60 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH oftlce for Call advertisements and
; subscrlp— ons has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla St
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
MAN and wife, experienced in keeping hotel
or large rooming-house, fully competent, de-
Blre positions. Address E. MACK, 1045 Mis-
sion in.. San Francisco, Cal.
! RELIABLE young man desires a position In
drug store with view of learning business;
references. Address C. L. P., 131 Montgom-
ery Bt.
STRONG young man, age 19. wants work In a
! grocery store; can furnish good references.
Address bo- ■-'- . r '. Call.
YOUNG man of good character wants a posi-
tion In a wealthy family; understands care of
horses, etc. Box 2157, Call office.
WANTED— Work by young man at window and
house cleaning by the day or other small Jobs.
Henry Andersen, 952 Bush; telephone East 963.
GARDENER and florist wishes situation to
take charge of a place; city or country; can
furnish the best of references. Gardener. 435
Pine st.
COACHMAN and man about place; steady,
nober; good driver; best references. Box
1213, Call office.
SITUATION wanted— Eastern man; experi-
enced driver; care of stock and milk; handy
around place. Box 1210. Call office.
MAN and wife with one child wish to take care
of or work on ranch; man Rood farmer, and
■ wife Is a pood cook and housekeeper. Ad-
dress 28 Eighth St., room 77.
SINGLE middle-aged man, experienced In poul-
try raisin* on a paying basis, familiar with
incubators and brooders, able to put up nec-
essary buildings, understanding vegetable
raising and general farming, wants position
with tarty going In the chicken business, or
would work on shares; first-class references.
Address box 2283, Call office.
WANTED, by a married man, steady position
In wholesale or retail grocery or drug store;
6 years' experience; living wages, with chance
for promotion. Address or call W. G. X..
732 Howard st.
BOBER, competent, American, with small
family, wants position as working foreman
on ranch; understands grain, fruit, stock and
poultry raising. Address P. O. box 15, Oat
Hill, Napa Co.. Cal.
COMPETENT hotel clerk, young, active, mar-
ried first-class hotel experience, wants per-
manent situation; city or country. Commu-
nicate with box Call office. __
MAN and wife wish positions; wife first-class
cook or laundress, man in or outdoor work.
845,6 Mission St.. room 9.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
leticla lit. __^_
~ BXI'EIIT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician.
107114 Market St.. San Francisco. Exam, free.
FLATS TO LET.
CENTRAL aye., 636, near Hayes St.— Choice up-
per flat, 6 rooms, bath and large basement.
FINE sunny flat, 5 rooms, bath, basement;
rent cheap. 2913 Bush St.. near Lyon.
FLAT of 6 nice rooms. 1230 Sacramento st.,
near Jones. _^____
FLAT of 4 unfurnished rooms and bath; sunny;
rent $12. 1718 Leavenworth st.
FLAT— rooms, yard and cellar. £.19 Grove St.;
rent $15. ' > ■ ■ ■■■'
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st. ■
GROVE. 364, near Franklin— Sunny flat of 6
' rooms and bath: $20. '--"•■--.; •
HARRISON. Ml. near Blxth— Clean flat; 6
rooms. - bath ; rent $22. -
. NEAR City Hall— 3 sunny modern flats; 0 and
C rooms and bath each. 26 Grove St., 25 and
27 Birch. —
NEW Funny flat; 7 rooms and 2 kitchens: lat-
e st improvements; bay windows. 417V4 Third.
' NINETEEN and Noe, northeast comer — Four
rooms, modern; $14: water free.
PAGE. Upper port of 2-story flat; 6 rooms
and bath.
; SCOTT, 1713, near Butter— Five rooms and
' bath. ' t "
' TWENTY-THIRD, 4073— 106 ft. from Castro cars;
upper 6 rooms, large lot; $15; water free.
'■ I CHOICE sunny flats; 6 and 7 rooms, bath;
sanitary plumbing. 1336-1340 Fell, nr. Baker.
' 4 ROOMS and stable; $10. Apply 2623 Mis-
sion st. \
FLATS TO LET.
$11— NEW lower fiat; 5 rooms. 24 Maple court,
off Fourteenth et. -
$16 50— GEARY. 1917; 4 nice rooms; bath; toilet:
nice yard; cellar; gas; furnished hall; op-
poslte the park.
$2<*-LOWER flat, 6 rooms, porcelain bath and
sink 2 mantels, pantry, yard. 2105 Jones st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TAPESTRY Brussel carpet sewed laid and
lined, 25c to DOc; linen warp matting, lac per
yard this week only. EASTERN OUTFIT-
TING CO., 1310-1312 Stockton st.
|30f>_7-ROOM flat, nearly new: 2 steady roomers;
rent reasonable. "72 Stevenson St.. near 9th,
ATOM A, 645-For sale, the furniture of 3
j rms.; complete for housekeeping; $.*: rent ill.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 60. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 ■ Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
I WANTED-$5OOO carpets, furniture, etc.: high-
est price paid; postal. H. COLEMAN, 11-o
Mission st.
"WANTED— SSOOO carpets. furniture, etc. ; highest
price paid; postal. M. Sllversteln. 11-1 Market.
FCKitIEBS, FL'KS, ETC
ELECTRIC seal capes. Astrakan toques, $10 to
$30. ROBT. WALLACE. 115 Kearny; top floor.
HELP WANTED — FE3IALE.
WOMAN with a child; $10 to $12; country.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St. .
COOK; boarding-house; $30 to $35: must be a
good carver. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
A— HOUSEWORK. San Rafael. $25; Alameda,
$20; Oakland, $25; Sausallto, $-0; Berkeley,
$25; 12 housework girla, city, $25 and $20; 15
young girla to assist, $10, $12 and $15 per
month. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook. $30 per month.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
A BOARDING-HOUSE cook, country, $30; 2
cooks, city, $30 and $25. Housework— Palo Al-
to, $25: Berkeley. $25; Alameda, $20; San Ra-
fael, $25; Oakland, $25; Elmhurst, $15. and
several other towns. A number of housework
girls, city, $26, $20 and $15; 20 young girls to
assist. $12 to $15; 2 waitresses. Hanford, $-0
each; 10 waitresses and chambermaids, city,
$20 and $25; German nurse, city, $20. MISS
H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter; phone Main 651.
COOK. San Rafael, $25; see lady here Tuesday.
MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 autter st.
WANTED— GirIs for general housework- for
Sacramento County, 4 in family, $20; Fruit-
vale, $25; Alameda, $25; Oakland, $25: Bausa-
llto, $20; Vallejo, $20; San Mateo. $25: San
Jose. $20; Novato, $25; Belvedere, $25; Berke-
ley. $25: Ross Valley, $20; San Rafael, $25, 2
in family. Bee lady this forenoon; Los Ga-
tos. $25. see lady in city; 2 cooks, boarding
houses, $30 and $35; nurse, short distance. $20;
waitress, country, $25; hotel assistant, $20,
and many others. See J. F. CROSETT & CO..
316 Sutt.-r at.
WANTED— Laundress, Institution. $30. 2 laun-
dresses and chambermaids, $25, $30, see lady
at 12 m.; second ulrl, $25. see lady at 12 m. ;
3 German cooks, $30; housework. 2 In family,
$25, see party at 10 a. m. ; 6 waitresses, res-
taurant, $6 a week; 4 waitresses, country ho-
tel, $20; nurse, $20; German second girl, $20;
working housekeeper, no wash, $20; German
nurse, $20; French waitress, $25. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st. .
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 'Phone Grant 185— A
thoroughly experienced saleslady for candy
I store; apply early; $7 week. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 Geary Bt.
WAITRESS Auburn. $20; waitress. Healds-
burg, $20; 2 waitresses. Gait. $20; 2 wait-
resses Bakersfleld, $20, arm work, fare here;
2 waitresses, Salinas, $20; 4 waitresses Val-
lejo, $-0; waitress, San Jose, $25: waitress,
cafe city $20; 2 restaurant waitresses, city,
$25; waJtreea. Woodland. $20; C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Gfary st. ____
GIKL for housework for the city, small fam-
ily $20 and 40 other girls for general house-
work; $10. $25; girl for Antloch. $20; girl for
Alarneda. $20, for general housework; 3 nurses,
$12, $20. C. R. HA.NSEN & CO., 104 Geary Bt.
COOK M 0; institution cook, $35; two cooks,
$25 each; housekeeper, $15, country; Swedish
housekeeper, $10; second girl. $10; 25 house
girls, $25 and $20; ranch cuok, $25. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Butter st.
W \ NTED— Immediately for the country, an Al
dressmaker to start a dressmaking department
In a country store; good salary to right
party. Apply, stating references and salary
required, *o box 2059. Call office.
GOOD talloress, buttonhole makers and ap-
prentices for ladles' tailoring. 819 Post at.
GIRL for general housework; wages $18. 182S
Fell Bt.
gTrL, 14, assist care two children; good place.
215 I'arnassuß aye., off Stanyan st.
AN apprentice on custom coats; pay while
learnlnff. 659 Clay st., room 7.
YOUNG girl for dining-room work in country;
call in the morning. 7594 Howard at.
WANTED— An experienced waist hand. 1264
O'Karrell St.
TAILORESS and apprentice wanted. 2197 Pow-
f-11 Bt.
WANTED— First-class finishers on vests;
steady work and good pay. 854 Folsom st.
AN operator on custom pants; steady work.
225 Fifth st.
WANTED— Finishers on pants. 22V4 Geary at.,
room 33.
WANTED- Experienced apprentice on coats.
IVi Polk st.
WANTED— Three salesladies understanding no-
tion business thoroughly; none but experi-
enced need apply. 2X31 Greenwich Bt.
EXPERIENCED waitress wanted; $5 per week.
195 Tenth at.
WANTED— A respectable woman to take
charge of an Invalid lady. Call at fir.GS Minna.
FIRST-CLASS sewers for cording ladles' un-
derskirts, flannel pkirts. etc. Apply H.
nUEDLANDER, 33S Fell st.
WANTED— A neat, reliable girl for homework;
small family. Call at 2357 Howard^
TAILORESH on custom coats; steady work.
222 Vi Fulton st.
OPERATOR on custom coata; steady work. 120
Kutter et., room 64.
OPERATORS wanted on custom coata. 935
Market St., room 16.
WANTED— 3 girls to label canned goods. Over-
land Packing Co., 217 Sn.rnmento st.
COAT and pants finishers wanted. 131 Mont-
gomery St., room 6.
WANTED— GirI for general housework. 3448
Twentieth St., cor. Capp.
EXPERIENCED lady bookkeeper. PAUSON
& CO., 918 Market st
WANTED— Experienced talloress; steady work.
149 Hubs St., bet. 6th and 7th, off Howard.
YOUNG girl wanted for light housework. 663
Valencia st
YOUNG girl for light housework. 12 Hartford
Bt., off 18th. near Castro __slo.
YOUNG girl for light housework. 614 Central
aye., near Hayes Bt.
TAILORESS wanted. 718H Bush at.
WANTED— Finishers on custom coats. 100
Battery st.
YOUNG girl apprentice to lenrn the hairdress-
Ing trade. S. STRO7/TNSKI, 24 Geary Bt.
GIRL for light housework and cooking; two In
family; wages $U>. Apply 910 Devlsadero st.
YOUNG woman to assist with housework; $10;
good home. 621 McAllister at.
60 GIRIjK to aew on buttons. 36H Fremont at.
QBRMAN or Swedish girl for cooking and
housework; $20. Inquire 321 Keamy at.
WANTED— An experienced talloresß on custom
coats; good wag'-s; M.-u.ly work. I^l4 Market.
WANTED -Waitress for restaurant. $20. 6SO
Fourth st.
GIRL to assist in llgnt housework and care for
children. 37:-:s Seventeenth Bt^
API'UKNTK'F. on pants; paid while learning.
110 William at., off Geary, near Taylor.
FIRST -i 'LASS finishers on ladles' tailor Jix-k-
-ets. A. CAILLEAU, 114-116 Keamy a^
EXPERIENCED PiileslndW's. only flrst-clase,
and mnkers wanted. 130 Sixth st.
GOOD hands on vests; also apprentice; pay
while learning. 641H Stevenson st.
GIRL for general housework; wages $20. 1713
Bn derick St., near Bush^
WOMEN and girls— Apply Immediately. CALI-
FORNIA CANNERIES CO. LTD., Brannan
at., between Third and Fourth.
EXPERIENCED canners wanted; apply Im-
mediately. CALIFORNIA CANNERIES CO..
LTD., Brannan St.. bet. Third and Fourth.
GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS!
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32<A Fremont St.,
are putting in the very best sewing ma-
chines and will take in several hundred more
operators on overalls; good wages. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
FINISHER and buttonhole maker on custom
coats. 36 Grove st.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
GIRL that would appreciate a good home and '
take care of baby; wages small. Apply 1626 j
Geary st.
FINISHERS on coats, pant* and rests; be»t
wages in the city. £41 Market st.
FINISHERS and button-hole makers on cus-
tom coats; good wages; steady work. 138
Russ st.
WANTED— A girl with good experience to
work at custom tailoring; steady work.
1175 A Market st.
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework. 2111
Geary st.
OPERATOR on custom coats; steady place.
120 Sutter St., room C 4.
GOOD German girl; general housework; good
wages. 933 Haight Bt.
WANTED— Young girl for general housework;
$12 a month. 456 Bryant st.
WANTED— A good girl for general housework.
731 Green st., near Mason.
WANTED — Girl or woman to assist housework;
good pay. 314V4 Clementina st.
GIRL for dining room and kitchen help; gjod
home for right party. 44S Third st.
WANTED— KIrst-class skirt makers at SCHIM-
MEL & STOVER' S, 408 Sutter St.
GIRL or boy wanted for kitchen help. 742
O'Farrell st.
WANTED- Finishers on men'i coats; steady
work. Metropolitan Tailoring Co., 671 Market.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on custom coats; good
wages; steady work. 410 Kearny St., room S3.
A FEW machines are yet vacant in our over-
all department; bright young girls will be
taken for instruction; $4 to $10 a week can be
earned; steady work. STANDARD SHIRT
FACTORY, corner Cough and Grove sts.
WANTED— Energetic ladles desiring to make
money to call at 472V4 Thirteenth st., Oakland.
GOOD finishers on pants; steady work. 779
Market Bt., near Fourth.
OPERATORS on waiters' coats; steady work;
power. 636 Clay st., upstairs.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School gives a
[ thorough, artistic course. 103 Post st.
OPERATORS on body machine. U. S. LAUN-
DRY, Sixteenth St., near Valencia.
IRONERS wanted by U. S. LAUNDRY ASSO-
CIATION, Sixteenth st.. near Valencia.
WOMEN and girls wanted to worn on fruit at
176 San Jose aye.
; A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia Bt.
HELP WANTED MALE.
MAN and wife, $50; country; woman good cook;
man round about work; see party here 10
o'clock; refs. required. MISS CULLBN. 325
Sutter st.
SOLDIERS wanting work on the railroad as
laborers and teamsters, at $1 75 to $2 a day,
can secure it from us free of any expense
to the work. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
FREE FARE AND FEE FREE
For railroad laborers and teamsters, $1 75 to
$2 a day for the Coast Railroad. C. R. HAN-
t^N & CO.. 104 Geary st.
FREE VALLEY ROAD FARE
4-horse teamsters, $2 25 a day; 2-horse team-
sters. $2; laborers, $2. C. It. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
STONEMASONS, $3 50 to $4 a day; helpers,
$2 to $2 25 a day; quarrymen, $2 to $2 25 a
day; rockmen, $2 a day. for railroad work,
free fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
TEAMSTERS, 2 and 4 horse, for Madera, free
fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
LABORERS for sawmills and woods and lum-
ber-pilers, $30 and board, see boss here; 10
men to pick apples, Marin Co., $1 a day and
board; 6 men to pick almonds, Solano Co., $1
:i 'lay and board; 4 farmers, same ranch,
$1 25 a day and board; 10 farmers, different
ranches, $20 and $25. C. R. HANSEN 4t CO..
104 (Jeary st.
HOTEL steward, experienced in large hotels.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
CHEF for large country hotel; 2 cookß, coun-
try hotels, $40; cooks, city, $7, $9 and $10 a
Week; restaurant cook. $15 a week; 3 waiters,
country hotels, $30; 2 waiters, country hotel,
|36; waiter and tend bar, country hotel, $25;
barkeeper and wait, country restaurant, $30;
kiti'hon-hands, dishwashers, potwashers,
vegetablemen. $15 $20. $25 and $30.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
MAN and wife, private place, country, $10, gee
party here. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
(Jeary st. ,
WANTED— Cook and wife, waitress, $60; res-
taurant cooks, $25 and $40; oysterman. $S week
and found; night porter, $25; dishwashers;
second cooks, and baker, $10 week; boarding-
house and restaurant waiters and many
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— Man and wife, private family, $50;
2 timber fellers, $S6; 3 bark«rs, $60; 4 swamp-
ers, $55; 3 jackscrewers, $35 and board;
blacksmith, country shop, $15 week; black-
pmith helper, $1 50 clay; carpenters, city, $2 25
day; boy to learn blacksmith trade; 75 labor-
ers and teamsters for long job, $1 75 and $2
day; laborers for mill and woods, $26 and
board, fare advanced, and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— Driver for milk wagon in S. F.,
$3."> and found; 4-horse teamster to drive
wholesale delivery wagon, in city, single
man, $30 and feund; furnaceman for mine,
$6.'>; 7 men to pick fruit. $1 and found; farmer
and wife, $40 to $45 and found; cook and
wife on ranch, $45; 10 woodsmen and labor-
ers, $26 to $3."> per month and found; farm
hand for orange orchard. $25. and 100 others.
W D EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
ANDRE'S OFFICE, 316 Stockton Cook, $15
a week; 2 dishwashers, $30; 10 men to pick
grape 3, $1 a day; waiter, country, $30, etc.
BAR porter, $20; porter, $20; kitchen porter,
$20; dishwasher, $20. HOTEL. GAZETTE.
26 Montgomery st.
PORTER. Hanford. $20 and found. MISS H.
CULLINAN, 323 Butter Bt.
GOOD dishwasher at the Cozy Restaurant. 1005
Valencia street; $6 per week.
WANTED— TaiIor at 952 Mission st. Tuesday
morning. WILLIAM KNOLL.
MAN or boy to work In bakery; $4 and board
per week. 3025 Sacramento st.
GOOD barber wanted. 1938 Mission st.
STEADY barber wanted. Call after 8 o'clock.
623 Clay st.
YOUNG barber wanted: wages $6 and board.
Address H. KOCH, 243 Georgia St., Vallejo.
TWO barbers wanted for steady work. 797
Mission st. '
WANTED— Man to help In kitchen. 631 Clay
st., People's Restaurant.
YOUNG butcher, neat and active, for shop and
wagon; no other need apply. 1905 Point Lobos
aye. ____^_^^_________________
FIRST-CLASS finisher and apprentice for
gents' custom work. 1036 Howard st.
GOOD tailor; steady position all the year
around. Rooms 115-117 Phelan building.
TWO strong boys to work In blacksmith shop.
228 Fremont St.
DISHWASHER wanted at Reldy's Hotel, 1504
Kentucky st.
WANTED— Young man to drive small route and
assist in dairy. $20 & M. 2200 Point Lobos my.-.
WANTED— for cement and concrete
work for Oakland and vicinity on salary or
commission. Address M. J., Call office, Oak-
land.
SHOEMAKERS wanted at 830 Broadway, Oak-
land.
PANTRYMAN wanted. Capital Restaurant,
206 McAllisters st.. opp. City Hall.
UNDERPRESSER on custom pants. BELAB-
CO & HARRIS CO.. Inc., 541 Market st.
BOY who has had experience In grocery store.
633 Lafkln st.
WANTED— First-class woodworker. O'UlllKN
& SONS, 600 Golden Gate aye.
BOY, 1." to 17, to learn architecture. 44 Thur-
low block.
GOOD general tailor wanted for Martini**. An-
ply to M. J. O'MALLISY, tailor.
COATMAKER and apprentice on vestn wain. -4
DRISCOLL. 103 Fifth Bt.
COATMAKER for country. Apply UKISM
BROS., 24 Batter Bt.
GOOD coatmaker on custom coat*. lor, lint
tery st. ■,
BOY wanted to learn trade. Apply railfnrnU
Photo Engraving Co.. M 3 Market p. I
BARBERS— 4-chiilr Bhop: ko<»i builneM for
sale. Apply STOT/rz, C3O Market hi
OLD-ESTABLISHED firm requlr»R MrvlPM ri-
liable man for thin community; Ktitnrv tin
weekly and expenen; r>tn fotm»i »niiilitv
ment. "Manufacturer," 1037 rui ..i,, c,, ,
S T'[:'^nr 1 M V '" '""' ) "" 1 ' $;t '° '"" w»«u"
__f_____^^ ■•",;■, •■;:':;-.;«-'
j'niH; 1 : ;;':,;,"•; ■ j» "- «•-" »
WANTRI> P»lnl»m ..NPti.t.. , „,,„., »♦,
WANTBn-W«Hr«M Mi wnll., JOT ■,,,., It,
HELP WASTED — MALE.
CAREFULLY READ THESE
man as waiter, wife as waitress for a coun-
try hotel, steady, goood J0b. ...555 and found J
fireman for mine $52 50
top carman for a mine $52 50
6 laborers fnr a mine $52 50
2 laborers, salt factory $35 and found
German young man, city packing house
$S week I
young man, clerk" grocery store.. s2o and found
2 fare 50c, rock miners, $2 M) day
2 fare 50c, coal miners, $2 50 day
2 fare 50c, section hands $60 j
milk wagon driver, city $3a
blacksmith's helper, ranch, fare 3uc..........
' $26 and found
man "and" wife." kitchen of ranch boss here
$40 and found ■■
3 carpenters', concrete' work, fare 60c... 53 day j
ironer. country laundry J 3O f" d fo . u ™ I
young man to carry U. S. ma11..- $3O and fd
1 straw bucks, $2 day: 5 cleaner tenders, j
$1 75 day 6 hoe downs, $1 75 day: 6 sack ten-
ders, $1 75 day; 3 sack sewers. $2 day ; above
Jobs with board; also help for Utah. Oregon,
Washington. Hawaiian Inlands Ariz ;ona
British Columbia. MURRAY & READ*. 631
and 636 - Clay st.
A-MURRAY _ READY..-. PHONE MAIN 5848 \
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
Want to-day from 7 a. m <
A- MECHANICAL HELP "■••••"
Roller man, flour mills • Co °P er *
Wood turners Harness-makers
Carriage painters Mill bench hands
9 blacksmiths' helpers •• • •
Upholsterer and clerk Stiller for winer>
Better, sawmill Sash and door makers
Cabinet-makers i^ate splitters ;
Blockmakers Stone masons |
Lathers, mattress-spring makers, etc. I
MURRAY _ READY. 634 and 636 Clayjat^
A-.. BOILERMAKERS. BLACKSMITHS
4 boilermakers, steady country J0b.........--.-
- 75 day and found j
6 blacksmiths and helpers •• •
$2 50 day. $50. $40, $30 and found
Horseshoer, country Job $3 day
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— 2o CARPENTERS, new house building, free
fare. 12 miles from city, S hours' work. .s3 day
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— 2s GRAPE pickers, Sonoma C 0.525. 525 and found
E5 grape pickers, C. C. Co $30 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
A— 3 MACHINISTS, neat city.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay »t-
A— IN SAN FRANCISCO
126 laborers and teamsters... s2 50, $2, $1 75 day
% milk wagon drivers, $40; and other help.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St. '
A— COOKS ... WAITERS ... DISHWASHERS
cook and assistant, country hotel $75
2 cooks, wives, country hotel kitchens $50
cook and dishwasher, fare 25c $t>s i
4 hotel cooks $55, $50, $40 and found
27 boarding-house plain cooks
$50, $45, $40, $30 and found
3 camp and mine cooks $40, $45 and found
6 ranch cooks $30, $25, $20, $15 and found
5 restaurant first, second, third and fourth
cooks $14, $12, $10 week
37 waiters $35, $30, $25, $20 and found
69 dishwashers $30, $25, $20, $15 and found
MURRAY _ READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
A ARE YOU MARRIED?
Man as porter, wife as waitress, country
hotel $40 and found
man as waiter, wife as chambermaid,
country $40 and found
man and wife, country hotel kitchens... _
$75 and found
milker, and wife as cook $40 and found
4 farmers and wives $40 and found
2 cooks and wives, for hotel kitchens,
country $50 and $40
man ascouk, wife as chambermaid, country. sso
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
A— 6 PORTERS, 4 bell and elevator boys, 1
Janitor, 2 pantrymen and boys
$30. $25, $20, |15, $10 and found
tamale-maker Icecream-maker
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
A— BAKERS.. BEDMAKERS.. LAUNDRYMEN
3 first 7 second 4 third and bakers
also boys to help and learn business $40
$35, $30, $25, $20, $15, $10 and found
3 laundrymen
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— FARE PAID COAL MINERS
SALT LAKE CITY
60 coal miners Come see us $3 50 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— MINES MINES MINES
6 miners for a gold mine $2 50 day
26 laborers, fare $1 50 (no experience) $60
42 laborers, fare $2 50 (no experience)
i $34 and found
22 laborers, big mine $63 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
A— 23 STONE AND CONCRETE MASON.
RUBBLE work $3 50 day
12 laborers, above Job (no experience), fare..
$1 :,0 $60
20 slate splitters, 40 blockmakers $75
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— s3o AN D FOUND .FRUIT AND
GRAPE PICKERS.... S3O AND FOUND
655 men and boys (anybody will suit)
fares from $1 25, office fee $1. 80 to 90 days'
work »
MURRAY _ READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— WE PAY YOUR FARES.. .SHIP TO-DAY
to 36 sawmills and woods in California
254 lahorers. no experience required, $26 to $40
per month and found gieat crowds going
also woodmen and sawmill help of every
description, $90. $80. $70. $60, $.10, $40. $30 and
found
woodchoppers, tlemakers, shingle bolt mak-
ers, etc., by the thousand, $2 50, $2. $1 50, $1
cord. 12c each
we pay your fares
MURRAY & READY. 634 and C 36 Clay st.
A— FREE.... WE SHIP YOU FREE.... FREE
drillers, hammersmen, laborers, teamsters,
stonemasons, concrete masons, etc
to every railroad In California but one (the
one we don't ship to Is Coast R. R.>: board
and lodgings, $4 50 week; wages from $3 50
day
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— HARVEST FIELDS FARMS AND
DAIRIES
engineer, hoe downs, cleaner tenders, fork-
ers, 4 laborers to work around thrasher, sack
sewers, straw bucks, derrick forkers, fire-
man. $4, $3. $2 50, $2. $1 75, $1 50 day
20 strong men to bale hay $3 50 day
92 farm hands, steady jobs '
$35, $30, $26 and found
9 milkers $30. $25 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— B STABLEMEN, city or country
$35, $30, $25 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— CHOREMEN AND BOYS
33 choremen and boys for farms, stores,
shops, learn 23 trades, work In factories,
manufacturing concerns, etc., $40, $30, $25. $20,
$15 $10 and found; by the day
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— BIG WAGES
26 laborers, fare 60c, no experience $60
23 teamsters, 2 horses, fare 50c $2 25 day
29 laborers, no experience $63
25 four-horse teamsters, fare $1 50 $50
189 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California. $2 75, $2 50. $2, $176 day
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
TO THE MINES
25 laborers, no experience required, $57 per
month, with board and. lodgings
MURRAY & ItKAHV, 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED — man to assist In restaurant;
German or Dane preferred; good wages. 10
Stockton st. _^
$65 PER month can be made by steady man;
permanent place: light work; must have small
capital. 1032 Market St., room 4.
DISHWASHER wanted. 613 Clay st.
GOOD tailor wanted for busheling. 625 Com-
mercial st.
BOY' to learn baking trade; no Sunday work.
Emporium and Golden Rule Bazaar.Market st.
YOUNG man to drive butcher cart; one who
can cut meat; call before 7 a. m. 605 Mont-
gomery live.
WANTED— Good lunch waiter. 17 Washington.
WANTED— cook; elderly man. 1012
Battery st. ."
10 TEAMSTERS tor scraper work, long Job It
per day; no fee. Room 7. Chronicle building.
WANTED I tailors to work on military work
Apply 467 Clementina si
COMPOSITOR wanted Call at Haves Valley
Printing and Stationer}' Co.. 310 Hayes st
near Franklin, •■•- ..-.. ■■ ■ ■ '
WA NT ED-NlgTit cook; must understand
oystors. 20 Stockton st. understand
APPRENTICE boy on custom coats. 36 Grove
MEN fur.l\4 houra' work a day, to clean for
•; room rent, i 148 Third *t. " A ' ■ " or
W »o« £l?r^jgj "-' ln<1 " l! J SMIT »-
TO Tailors a i coat nut km wanted L*
nuldn liy the t.ie.o or wrok; n ino one Zt
bu.h,lmin v n u n N^wohnllii TiJarKt
ffi'iK.r'KW " ■ s< - bto£tz:
Ss 5] "
v ? (R 'il, n ; ho ; ( ' i •■" "« im ..< iii
». I!. UtrltAril, _•«., 10* t»h{ Ul. Jpd.u lti.
HELP WASTED — MALE.
WANTED— Military tailor. 2520 Greenwich rt.
! MEN wanted to learn barber trade In eight
weeks;, only institution teaching the tonso-
rial art; constant practice; expert instruction;
• lectures on dermatology; Sat. wages; positions
guaranteed; call or write for illustrated cata-
logue. Mohler's Barber College, 635 Clay st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Roikin. Reno House proprietor still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.; la') large
room?; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Teamsters to drive scrapers; wage*
$175 and $2: board, $4 50 per week. Apply
E. B. STONE'S, camp, near San Pablo sta-
tion, on Valley Road.
i WANTED— Good man with a few thousand
dollars in an old established manufacturing
I business: will stand full investigation. Box
I 2134, Call office.
BARBERS' Protective Union— The " n! £_ V??*
organized union on the coast. J. J. tt_ir<(_,
Employment Secy.. 630 Market, downstairs.
SAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe,
Hawaiian Islands, Manila, Alaska, New York.
W. LANE, Shipping Agent, 504-506 Davis st.
500 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
I price. 562 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
HOUSE carpenter: can take good part work
in rent. Box 2250, Calf -office. |
-BARBERS— Good shop In country for sale.
DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis St.
j WANTED— First-class presser on pants. 373
! Minna St.; upstairs. . j_
i BOY with some experience in men's furnishing
goods, at LUBIX'S, 611 Montgomery at.
MEN wanted at 639 Bryant st.
! GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25e
to 50c. 562 Mission st., bet. Ist and 2nd sts.
WANTED— 2 men of energy; straight salary
paid. Apply 8 a. m.. 300 Post st.
FIRST-CLASS furnishing goods salesman and
window dresser. Apply box 2272. Call.
GENT'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50 up; sole-
Ing, 20c to 35c; heeling. 15c up. 923 Howard st.
TRY our 15c meals; best in city. 406 McAllis-
ter st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S.
F. BA-RBER COLLEGE. 13SH Eighth st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO., atfor-
neys, Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
I 200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c, I'c and 250
per night. Llndell, 6th and Howard; read, rm.
SINGLE rooms, 15c, 20c. 25c per night; 750. $1
to $2 50 week. Elcho House, 863^ Market st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St., near Mar-
kef 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room: free
•bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 \ a-
lencla'st. _^
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Eto— For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, bugles,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
127 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR SALE— Black hack horse, 16Vi hands high.
Apply 620 Ellis st.
FANCY carriage, saddle and road horses. DA_-
ZIEL, Veterinary Dentist, 605 Golden Gate ay.
HOUSES—^LODGING FOR SALE.
H C DECKER, 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
1 MY BEST BARGAIN
. TO-DAY, 44-ROOM CORNER ■
. COST $2500; PRICE $1200 —
64 rooms; best in city 1.600
12 rooms on O'Farrell St.; large yard.... $375
14 rooms on Mission st.: clears $50 600
30 rooms, corner; rent $55 750
18 rooms on Turk, near Market 550
48 rooms on Market St.; rent $75 1.800
48-room hotel In Oakland 2.600
80-room house; clears $300 2,800
20 rooms on Eddy St.; must sell 600
26 rooms: corner; apartment house 1,600
11-room house; one floor 350
32 rooms; 2 fronts: clears $250 2,200
50 rooms; elegant corner; clears $500 3,750
7-room flat $150; 8-room flat 350
110 rooms; fine corner; clears $600 6,500
26 rooms on Market St.; clears $200 ...... 1,450
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE
ABSTRACTS SHOWING CLEAR TITLE.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
COWING & CO., 935 Market st.; bargain to-day
65 rooms; north of Market st $4000
37 rooms; Sixth St.; one floor 1200
22 rooms; all light r00m5 ................... ISOO
21 rooms; on Market and Sixth sts 1100
10 rooms; Golden Gate aye 400
• 30 rooms; north of Market 1400
2S rooms; Jones st.; rent $30 .......... 1500
17 rooms; Hyde st.; rent $75.. .. 800
8 rooms; Howard St.; rent $20 200
$700— SNAP: 45 rooms; fine location: all rented:
rent $90 month. BASILE, 3 Eddy st.
$300— BARGAIN; 24 rooms; all rented; near
Market St. ; rent $40 month. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
I $450—20 ROOMS; finely turn. ; north : of Market;
all rented: rent $50 month. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
FINE bargain, 17 rooms; vicinity Sixth and
Market; clearing $75 monthly: best bargains
. In lodginghouses in city. HEALY. 917 Market.
A LODGING-HOUSE within 2 blocks of Mar-
ket st for sale on account of death: sacri-
fice, inquire KELLY. 437 Parrott building.
LODGING houses to suit, at honest prices:
money to loan buyers. Call PACIFIC COAST
EXCHANGE, 1007*4 Market st, near Sixth.
$2°S— ELEVEN furnished housekeeping rooms;
clears $21 50; 2 rooms free; low rent. 1001
Folsom st. .
BEALE. 343. near Santa Fe Terminal— Large
house 50 rooms; good renting location.
NICE corner house of 33 sunny rooms. 704
Howard St.. cor Third.
LODGING houses— Call before buying and sell-
ing. Pacific Room Renting Co., 426 Kearny.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 paces, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for 11,
postage paid.
HOUSES TO LET.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market.
HOUSES. COTTAGES.
811 Mission, 9 r.. 537 50 714 Waller, 7 r....525 00
9 Sixth, 6 r 32 50.121 Cedar aye., 5 r IS 00
756 Folsom, 7 r... 21 0011241 Sanchez, 5 r.. 13 00
731 13th. 6 r 20 00 4220 26th, 5 r 12 00
1333 Howard, 6 r. 19 00 537 Jersey, 5 r 11 00
S62H Folsom, 6 r. 18 00 3516 26th. 6 r 12 50
233 Duncan. 6 r.. 16 00117 Erkson Crt.. 4 r 11 00
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st. _____
FURNISHED house of 9 rooms: convenient t>
all car lines. 1564 Jackson st.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1205— House of 6 rooms,
bath, yard, etc.; entirely renovated: ?20.
LAGUNA, 1715-1717— sunny, modern houses
of S rooms and bath; newly paperod.
NICE tenement of 3 rooms; hall: yard; rent $9.
IS2 Hickory aye., nr. Gough st. —
LOST AXD FOUND.
LADY'S gold watch fastened to pin: lost Sun-
day either at Cliff House or V.irk; initials
"K. F." outside and inside. Return to 1_ _..
BORN, Cafe ZJnkand; reward SR__
LOST— Locket: diamond on one~sM<\ Druld »'
emblem on the other; finder will receive a re-
ward at IPS Third st.
COIN bracelet, on Hinckley alley or Kfj"?/
st. call at 416 Linden aye. and reeei\e re-
ward
SATURDAY night. chain brace Vt. Mkl-ind"
ward. 9 Beale St., or_l26o_Soveinh. Oakland.
Lost About August 15. a f u }J; 2£ 'p.,,1:
badge; reward of $1 50 will be p»ld for return
of same to Call office. ____^_^^__
SILVER watch and chain: initial M " out-
si.lt- .-.is.-, rowani. I''"° st ____}
LOST *M» '■"' VIK
?_!_?_^^^r?sSSs^iS2
Sale 1 sS____u^c3fc^^i»»
The finder wlll_plo:is- return to bank. ,
LOST-From Krenoh 7hip ': ■•;'.: l ,. 1 : 111I I1: t l -. black
poodle don; IHH-. rfwar>l.^ Koturn to ship.
LOST-OoITTTngT-nn'r ou in»ldo John Krlsha.
Return to >.-:■■ St.. r.mird.
MEDICAL.
7T_~~Tlvw«^\voo lirrir ilortor: Chinese tea
>Hl_S ili ___£■$
and hero . luslvely by
l-' 1 i;l ' ' ties being
Chine* v ;i . ,„., i to
advice
and I to 9, p. m. — _ —
nninftonwlN. imiy's physician, formerly of
ioi V* i New avi. and 13C Market St.; now
at lIS Way. j^rJ>l»H-k_frotn Market.
»it»u TvT»"~lColiTt7. Indies' physician, 1122 Mar-
K^'m!! brt. Mawm and Tiyjor; hours. 9 to 5.
: m g nil w KTW. ladles' physician; n: "''
uflonrwi g43Jl^oM L tict. Hyde and Larkln.
x««ft»? ,,,. QWT ER^ ladles' physician. 610
Kvi.Sy i«t ..* . 1 ' nrkln,
trrr^ OR |>AVIKS ladlP"' physician. 1223
* Mrti-krt «t., Iwt. Taylor and Jonei
DR.% poVrKU, la. !•:■■■•■ practical physician for
S7 ycam.^ 318 I K.aitiy st. \ v
mrSTwR. WKOKNKR, ladles' physician; medi-
,;,f.i batl »>i>»ctaltyoiMUGbWcn,O*ta,<;ve.'
Mi;s M i.i n. Iftdie*' phytletan, 22S Van Me -
Rye., bet. llnyew and Prove; 9 a, m. to » p. m.
PH. '\VONO~iuM, herb doctor, treats all dl»-
IMti ot the human body. 115 -Masou »UMISCELLANEOUS — SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & We I'M AN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showeasei, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion at., above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, ■helving, mirrors.
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
4 H. P. GASOLINE engine carburettor, muf-
_fler. tank, batteries, etc. WHITE, 516 Mission.
CANARIES, fine young singers, $2: females,
■ r .O cents. 18 Fell st.
GOOD Caligraph typewriter, $25; get particu-
lars. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montgom-
ery st.
A- ST. BERNARD (at the stud): Diablo II;
largest and finest thoroughbred on coast; priM
winner; fee $20, Woodlawn Kennels. Ingleslde.
GASOLINE engines, nil purposes; new and
second hand; carriage engines. DYNAMIC
ENGINE CO., 1309 Mission St.. near Ninth.
ONE l-f> H. P. alternating motor, $<; 1 roll top
oak desk, large, new. cost $70, for $15; 600
landed shells, $1 per 100. Ohio Dental Parlors,
".••Q Market st.
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes;
specie chests; bullion tea, vaults, etc. The
Wall Safe Co.. 109-111 Market St.. S. F.. Cal.
COMPOUND condensing Corliss engine and
boilers. Krogh Mfg. Co., Stevenson Ft.
FIRE and burglar-proof safe tor sale and
National cash register. 42 Main st.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearn> st.. near Pine.
SAFES— New and second hand! THE HER-
MANN safe CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
BOILERS, engines, lathes, wood planers. 12 and
24 In.; gas en . 2d hand. J. Burke, 139 Beale.
DRESS pants. $2 75; fine suit, $10; MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery st.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. Mange Cure at all drug
cists or at the Dog Hospital.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
SECOND-HAND) Bcre* cutting lathe; 10 to 12
Inch swing. Address box 32C't3. Call office.
HIGHEST cash price paid for secondhand up-
right pianos. Room 12, Flood building.
OLD gold, gold dust, platinum and silver
bought. H. Landecker & Co.. 118 Montgomery.
WANTED— To hire. 100 first-class *craperteam»
with harness and pead bars: long Job. E. B.
PTONF. Rtr»-Vi) r <=t.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back In Installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
lay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 6S-69 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
Loans on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission st., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount of 6% per cent on real estate, 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. M COLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and J-w-
-elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 546 Market st. telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell' Pt.
A RELIABLE place to borrow money on dia-
monds, jewelry. W. J. HEBTHAL. 10 Sixth.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bids.
$50 TO $.V), 000; lowest rates- Ist and 2d mortgs.:
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without indorser. TOUBLET, 592. Parrott big.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money -•"■ H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
MONEY WANTED.
$40^000 WANTED: gilt edge; heart of city; 5V_
per cent. Box _l. r >2. Call.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AsTwe are selline good upright pianos for $«
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
eume as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
navn'rnts and some good pianos for * ; . $4 and
J5 - per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
fcteinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Bts. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
we«t of Chicago is KOHLER _ CHASE'S,
26 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A BATCH of bargains In pianos:
Erard »£> 00
oEStih":::::::: JSo W
Smith & Barnes ISO 00
] Steck. 1 Chickerlng. 1 "Weber.
B£NJ. CURTAZ & BON, 16 O'Farrell st.
A. FINE new walnut upright for $150 cash at
MAI'- 769 Market st.
BUY a Decker upright at MAUVAIS', 769 Mar-
ket st.. If you want the best.
A FINE Arion piano, $90. THE J. DEWING
CO., second floor Flood building.
GOOD piano in storage on sale cheap tor cash.
WILSON'S STORAGE, 1710 Market St.
SPLENDID Stelnway upright sacrificed by a
private party. Room 10, Flood building.
GREAT sale of "Ideal Guitars" this week at
Mnuvais'. 763 Market st. Get prices at once.
A^s?s UPRIGHT piano in fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
~Z— UPRIGHTS $69 up; Installments, $5 75 up;
« up (allowed on sale). Heine, 13« .Ellis.
\V~G BADGER. 412 Sacramento st., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
A BARGAIN — Stelnway upright cheap.
SCHMIT-V, 16 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bank.
Cl7_AP~Stelnway upright; also the famous
Hi rnung Bros." pianos. 216 McAllister st.
BOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 30S
POFt St.
W\NTED— 2 Square Pianos and 4 Cabinet Or-
gans BYRON MAUZ.Y, 308 Post st.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st. ■
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
"OFFICES AND STORES LET.
WANTED— TaiIor or pawnbroker to rent fine
corner store; K-urny 6t.; also fine offices; $12.
SPECK ft CO. -
BTORE with fixtures, find two housekeeping;
furnished. Apply 3'i3 Fifth st.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market St.—
I»-ylrable '/lire?. $12 SO to 120.
PALMISTRY.
MME JJEEKOAARD, pupil of Count at. Ger-
main. 616 Geary St., above Jones; classes;
office hours. 1 to 8 p. m . : reading by mall. 11.
PERSONALS.
ASSORTMENT of Imported and domestic rem-
nants for suits to order. $10 75; pants. $3 Jo;
nothing higher. One-Price Tailoring Co.. 1644
Market St.. under St. Nicholas Hotel. |
MME LOUISE'S manicure parlor has removed
from O'Farrell to 132 Eddy it
IAMES v~ SORENSON, watchmaker and Jew-
Iler removed to 103 Sixth st- near Mission.
PERSON A .S.
Ti-Tv'rp-Ti -v-inie and address of persons own.
ing mortgages to Pacific States' Building &
Loin A.soeTaUoN, who have paid In ort stock
for «or 7 years. Address G. B. hornblru,
C 32 Market St., S. F-. room 23.
RITPTL'RE plK"eured: examination free.
112 Ma^nel- & Pofterfleld, WB Mark.
rEDERER'S Quintontca Hair Tonic; ; u»ed by
all Lading people: makes hair beautiful. 3oC
DOttle?S O.i fcEDEkER.I lit ; -tockton j ■t._^3
THE~Te^r~is what you want. At SSI
Foamo Sham poo. Jc pkg. L*derer. 123 btktn.
HIRBI TINE ( 0., half "? el^ I SS^ 1 ha
or no pay; hnnkfnrstanm_fi_ijgQy gt -
JOHN L. BOONE. l:U] : { c'Z^Zh*
ISlJ_Slfe
*mahv 1 eot my handsome cape at the East-
™Si svr tessvs __£
llne'on easy payments: open evenings.
p , ppTßir llehts In every room; Winchester
M M 44 ThA" near Market; 7W WOBMj
PERSONALS.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no lnjec-
il n; puarantd. Dr. Gordln, 514 Pine, ab. Krny.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Bth.
WANTED— OId gold for manufa'ng. O. Nolte,
Jeweler. 24s O'Fnrrell. bet. Powell ft Mason.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
BARGAIN list No. 15 now ready for mailing.
T. P. ANDREWS, 109 Montgomery st.
PHYSICIANS \M) MiIUEOXS.
DR. OLIVE GRUVER, ire* treatment dally, 10
a. m. and 12 m. 1206 Market st.. room 8.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
IP2IU, Market St.. bet Slvth and Seventh.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— FirBt-ola!"5 business property In San
Francisco from 140,000 to $75,000; purchaser
will pay \ cash, balance in other Hrst-clasa
unincumbered property. WILLIAM J. DIN-
GEE, roc-ns l")-lfi. L'rvi floor. Mills buililing.
WANTED First-rkiss Income property in Ban
Francisco, value $40,000 to $50, ), with mort-
gage of $20,000 to J3". •"'(.«, in exchange for Oak- j
land business corner.
WILLIAM J. DINOEE,
Rooms lr-lfi, seron.l floor. Mills building, j
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOB 8 ALB.
BALDWIN i- H"WELL.'
10 MONTGOMERY STREET.
$1700 Bargain; Hartford st.. near Eighteenth;
nice cottage : 4 i ms and bath; brick foun-
dation; lot 24:7x126.
$2260- •Terms, $800 cash, balance same as rent;
i Eureka st., near Nineteenth; new cottage of
ms, bath an.s all modern conveniences.
A PICK-UP.
$6160— Broderlck st.. near Sutter; 2-story resi-
dence of 10 rooms and bath; also stable; extra
large lot. 50x90; room f< r another building.
$4600 Leavenworth st.. near California; two-
! story residence, 7 rooms and bath; lot with two
frontages.
J4. Juerrero st.. near Twenty-second; rent
$37: 2 Hats, 4 and E rooms each; best residence |
n in th<- Mission.
Large corner lot vn California st. ; rent
i new Hats; Improvements modern and
Bryant St.. between Ninth and Tenth;
2 Hats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath each; rent
. $24; lot 251 i
" • Rent JW; Clara St., within a few feet
ol Sixth; large, lot. 46x80; improvements opn-
• Hats all rented; this is a splendid rent-
; ing locality.
Howard st.. near Seventeenth; extra
large lot, 62:6x82: double house, 7 rooms and
: bath each; rent }(>,*>; fine investment: also h..use
of 9 rooms and bath; must be sold to close
an ••state.
$.V.' hi— Mason st., near Washington; large lot,
10x70, to alley; good Improvements; rented for
. good, big bargain.
| $10,000— Jackson st., east of Leavenworth; 4
; modern flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath each;
all lat-st conveniences; rented for l»*i per
i month; extra large lot.
MIST BE BOLD— OFFER WANTED.
. ; J4""ii--PoloreF-st. corner; new residence of 7
I rooms and bath, handsomely decorated: modern
plumbing, etc.; lot 33x9u; corner 33x65 vacant;
should be improved with Btores and flats; $;.00
■ cash balance monthly; this Is the cheapest
r in the Mission; house Is brand new;
never occupied.
I BALDWIN & HOWELL.
i" Montgomery street.
! INVESTMENT
PROPERTIES
$72"><' I—A1 — A good speculation"; 2 modern flat? of 6
; and 7 rooms and bath; lot :>xP": on the busi-
ness portion of Devisadero St.; building should
ilsed nnl store built under: would pay.
1 $11.500— Worth $15,000; Li^una st.. near Golden
Gate aye.. fronting Jefferson Square: 3-Btory
bay-window house, containing 3 flats of ",. 7 and
8 roomy and bath; large lot; rents $95.
<; ildea (Jate aye.. near Lyon st., 2
flats of « and 7 rooms and bath each; rent
$4 . lot 25x100.
, $4000— Castro St., near Eighteenth; lot 25x125;
md 6 rooms and bath each; rent $29.
Clementina St.. pear Fifth; lot 25x75;
rent 544: Improvements consist of 3 flats of 5.
6 and <i rooms.
i $8250— Rent $7!l; Central aye., near Haight St.;
; 3 modern flats, just compute. l. containing 6
and bath ea*-h. on sunny Bide Of street;
i lot 2nx112:6: a good buy.
$5900 Worth $7000; Aahbury St.. close to the
Park Panhandle: 2 handsome Hats of 6 and 7
1 rooms and bath each; also unfinished flat; lot
2.".x1"t; : rent $56.
; $4750— Tw0 Hats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath
in Park Panhandle district; street ac-
■l; rent ?40; always rented.
Rent $85; '■'• new rlats. fronting the I 'ark
Panhandle; lot 25x137:6; all rented: a line in-
> vestment.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
l" Montgomery Btreet,
W( IRTH $7 ■
Lot ncr San Leandro road and
R se st.. in Fltchburg; new building
1 | tatnlng store, saloon, 7 rooms, .ill improve-
ments; in perfect order: line garden; stable
I ' and warehouse; 9 rustic outhouses; elegant
roadside resort; must be sold; account sick-
ness of owner. Applj on promises to C.
CLUNIiT. Pan Leandro electric car passes
Si or; also branch office Call, Oakland. $08
Broadway.
I i A GENUINE little bargain
$1275— 8plendid new cottage of 6 rooms,
bath; brick foundation, etc.
, This pretty little home
in the Richmond District cannot be dupli-
cate.! for less than $2000. .
HERMAN MURPHY. (SO Market st.
CITY j-oultr> farm; 7 nice lots, rood house, j
rooms; near school an'l electric cars; will
rent for |1U or s«-!l on installments, of $12 50 i
monthly. P. A. DOLAN, >;:<•"> Mai.
MODERN new house at half Its value; 9 rooms; j
latest modern conveniences; beautiful loca-
tion on elevated ground; in Oakland; photo at
WILLIAM J. DINGEE, Mills build- I
ing. San Francisco.
BPLENDID opportunities for investment in
I'ukland property. WILLIAM J. DINGEE,
Mills building.
{ i SA' i:!; 1' I-:: •■•taKe, 5 large rooms; lot
2"xll" street acce^ited; near corner Market j
and Fifteenth sts.; bank will loan $1300 at 6 I
per cent. P. A. DOLAN. KM Market ft
$530(1— E Afc' Y terms; new park residence, S sunny j
rjoms, finished basement, substantial and up j
to date, fine location, large lot; Carl st., be-
tween role and Ktanyan; blue cars Eddy-st.
line pass the door; Ha!ght-st. cars transfer
to same at Masonic aye. J. HTIERLEN,
builder and owner, on premises.
NEW 80M85....... ••■ ;r -
Five. 8, 7, 9 and 10 room houses, finished
with' all modern conveniences, fronting on
Waller. Pierce and Primrose sts., from $3100
to MSO6; terms to suit purchaser. F. NEL-
SON. Builder.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First aye.. and you wish to sell them,
call on w. j. (JINN, tto Montgomery it
ON ar-rount of slrkness we will sell a $1400
lot 25x114, for |700; great bargain. CEO.
W. H. PATTERSON & CO.. 1706 Market »t.
< TWO line flats on O'Farrell St., near
Jones- contain 6 and 7 rooms and bath; brick
foundation; bargain. Rox 2143, Call office.^
POINT RICHMOND townslte to sell; 24 acres;
lr )tp to lease (i W HAKiHT, 401 'alifornla.
WANTED at once— Good city properties for
cash. Apply SPECK .<• CO, W Market Ft
2~LOTS cheap, "r will trade for business of any
kinl. H'-t Folsom st. _
A BRANCH ufflce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10W Va-
lencla at.
HEAL ESTATE — COLXTRY — For^>al«
RESISTANCE vineyard In full hearing: healthy
location McLAUOHUN ft >r, tttu. Market.
$2500^3 ACRES. 1-Htory 5-room house, barn,
chicken houses, windmill, tank, small or-
chard; will include 1 horse, wagon, cart,
plow harrow, small tools, household furni-
ture 'and 300 laying hens: situated 1 mile
from town. OKO. r. YOrX'i. IWaluma.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BEFORE hunting housekeeping rooms set list
free. Pacific Room-renting Co.. 426 Kearny.
Cl \V 10M Four unfurnished rooms and bath
for housekeeping; $13 50.
EDDY SIS — 3 unfr.r. or furnished rooms, newly
elegantly papered; private res.| Bne i-
EDDY 817 Nicely furnished housekpg rooms;
'splendid location; private f?.; no children,
ELLI.^. BM Newly turnish'-'l housekeeping
rooms ground floor; reasonable.
i'l !is L46S Large front parlor, hundpomeiy
'furnished. With bath an<l kitchen.
FIFTH, MB— Two rooms furnished for house-
keeping ; cheap. _____
FIFTH Si Furnished, one large double bed.
$7; also single, $.".; store and-1 housekeeping.
FULTON, EU 2 furnished flats, 2 and 3 rooms;
running water; coal hii.l gas range.
GOLDEN GATE aye, 1060— Thres Wpe sunny
well furnished rooms for light housekeeping;
private family; free telephone.
HOWARD 7K"-.. bet. Third and Fourth— Fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping; rent reason-
able; bath. ,
HYDE llu— Three rooms; all furnished com-
plete'for housekeeping.
JjY^E 127— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms with front view, and Othf.
HYDE 808 Furnished housekeeping rooms; en
suite' or single; $14, $11 and $;■■
TvANHOE. 1002 Polk. cor. Geary— Light, clean,
roany: fur. hkpg suites (3 to 6 r.). $15 up:ref.
X I ■: A KNT, 104— Front suite, unfurnished, $10;
three roomg. fIG. ,
1 ARKIfJ 226—2 or 3 sunny housekeeping apart-
ments; 'furnished complete; gas range: bath.
LEWIS. U, off Taylor, near Poet— 3 furnished
front rooms; stove; $12.
MAIN. 311— Sunny furnished housekeeping
baohelor rooms; $4 to $8 month.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 19. 1899.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
MISSION, 907^4— Neatly furnished rooms; com-
plete for hskpg. ; front bay-windows; sunny.
RI.NCON place. 28, off Harrison, bet. First and
Second— Sunny room with fireplace and kitch-
en; lady or man and wife; no children.
BUTTER, l!f>2QVi— Furnished parlor, bedroom,
dinlng-roorn. kitchen, bath; no children; lady
will board for rent.
TURK, 646—2 sunny rooms, single or for house-
keeping; running water; the two $14.
TWENTY-THIRD, 372G, near Dolores— 2 or 3
sunny bay-window rooms, complete.
T\V<> nice housekeeping rooms; cheap. 563
Mission st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va-
lencia st
A WEEK'S news f..r •"> rents The Weekly Call, i
!>', ;.ag''S. in wrapper, for mallinn. }1 i»r year.
ROOMS TO LET— Furn. and Unfuru.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth — Rooms,
2Dc to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
i subscriptions has been established at 109ti Va-
lencia st.
I AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sta.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms. 60c to Jl 50 day. MRS. J. KINCV
AT New Grand 246 3d— 200 lst-class sunnyrmi.,
15c to $1 day; 90c to )4 wk; also housekeeping.
AT E>2 Becond st.. double rooms for week, $1 50
to $3; single. $1 to $100; day, 25c to BOc.
BURNETT. 142fi Market (old No. H64)-Fur-
nUhed rms . suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 72ft— Furnished sunny front room for
gentleman at $7 per month; urlvate.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye— Sunny corner; well furn. rms. & offices.
EDDY. VIA (United States .Hotel)— Clean, neat
rooms, from $1 50 a week up^
EXCELSIOR House. 39 Turk, cor. Taylor— New
mangt. ; sunny frunt bay- wind, rms.; trans' nt.
GEARY, 408 (The Navarre)— Comfortable f u , rn -
rooms: travelers accommodated. MRS. HYEK.
GEARTT '■• r '"> Elegant suite parlors, suitable for
dentist or physician; ,;tfu-r rms . piano, phone.
GEARY, 786, near Leavenworth Two neatly
furnished moms, $4 and $5 monthly; bath.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 334— Front double room,
with board, bath, hot water; private family;
reasonable.
GRANH soI'TIIERN.vSE. cor. Seventh and
Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or single;
ladles' parlors: reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission Select family
rooming house; $1 60 to $6 per week.
HARRISON, ftihi, near Fourth -Finely fur-
: Dished rooms; bith; all home comforts; $1
; week up.
HAWTHORNE, 172. bet. Second and Third,
near Harrison— Pleasant sunny rooms; board
optional; reasonable.
! HOWARD, 715—200 sunny rooms; nicely fur-
nished; every convenience; electric lights.
HOWARD. $29— Furnished rooms from $1 per
week up: also housekeeping and transient
HOWARD, 1144— Nice eunny suites; running
water; reasonable: permanent patrons desired.
HOWARD. IMIA Bay-window front room,
sunny side, nicely furnished; 1 or 2 gents
HUGHES HOUSE, 214 Thirff— Newly renovat-
ed: 25c to 50c per night; 51 <i 0 to ?3 ncr week.
JONES 1!!! Elegant front room; furnished
| complete. J4 ]■'■:■ month.
LARKIN, 804 Largi Bunny back room, neatly
furnished; 1 or 2 persons; $6 50.
MASON, 511 Lanre sunny front room; gas;
also Blngle; private family.
MINNA. 66 Nicely furnished nunny rooms;
very reasonable.
MINNA f'". cur. Eighth Newly furnished bay-
window room; $1 per week; transient^
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms And
offices; elevator; electric lights: day. wk.. mo.
i O'FARRELL, 327 Blngle room well furnished,
O'FARRELL, 760 bet Hyde and Larkln Large
Kunny room ("S. W."i; also a room for sin-
gle gentleman; first-class.
l-VW KLL, Hi (formerly Cosmos Club) — Ele-
gantly furnished funny room*: reasonable.
ROYAL House. 116 Ellis St.— lncandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and
ladies' parlor; rooms, per night. 3".c to $1 50;
week. $2 to $8; nv.nth, $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot, cold wat. : batht.
I pleasant sunny furnished
IDS.
j SEVENTH, 262- Nicely furnlsherl rooms; sun-
ny all day: nice lawn: modern conveniences.
! BHEKMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market— urnlshefl nnd unfurnished.
i SIXTH 33. nr. Market. Hillsdale House— Ela-
g»nt furnished rooms; elevator; tninsient.
BTOP hunting furnished rooms; get list free.
Pacific Room Renting Co., M K.»arn- Bt.
THE MALFORD. 107 Taylor and 104 Turk—
Lovely sunny suites of rooms suitable for
dentist; also other rooms; fine transient. In
suites and single.
THE Heath, 312 Eddy St.— First-class room*
and board: hot and cold water: telephone;
modern: all conveniences.
THE Oaks. li Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
THE Piedmont (119 A Sixth Bt.)— Sunny bay.-
wlndow rooms, double or single; rent low.
THIRD, 129— Sunny furnished rooms from $1
per week up. -
THIRD, 303— Nice single rooms for men; 75c to
$1 per week.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for n per year.
lIOOMS WAMKO.
HOUSEKEEPING rooms at once; 20 applicants.
Pacific Room Renting Co., 426 geami st.
YOUNG man wants south bay-window room,
furnished: Mission pre rr ...], Box Z<<fft. Cull.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth St.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call,
16 pages In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
SPECIAL NOTICES. " T ~
ODD FELLOWS' Cemetery Association—
annual meeting of the lot owners of the Odd
Fellows' Cemetery will be held on MONDAY.
September 25 188$, at 2 p. m. at the office of
the association. Point Lobos aye., for the
election of Trustees, eta By order of the
Trustees GEORGE T. BOHEN, Pres.
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secretary.
SPECIAL notice— Notice Is hereby given that
the transfer books of THE BANK OF CALI-
FORNIA will be closed on SATURDAY, Sep-
tember 30. 1599, at noon, and will reopen on
MONDAY. October 16. 1599, upon which latter
date certificates for new shares will be ready
for delivery. By order of the Board of Direc-
tors. ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
LADIES '.—Chlchester 1 8 English Pennyroyal
Pills are the beat; safe, reliable; take no
other; send 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief
for Ladies," in letter by return mall; at drug-
gists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlladel., Pa.
MRS. DR. HOPKINS, 995 Market St.. office 2-
New discovery for rheumatism; nlso medi-
cated baths for alcoholism and rheumatism.
BAD tenants eject -i for $4; collections mad»;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10: tel. 5520.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call 1* patfes, sent to any address in the
United Suites or .Canada one year for Si.
postage paid.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
CALA Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop..
722 Mission: goods guaranteed: tel. Clay -'.').
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Port. cor. Powell: tel Main 5713.
~ TO LEASE.
FRUIT and chicken ranch; 10 acres; full bear-
Ing; good house, tank, windmill, outbuild-
ing" complete: near Haywards, Alameda Co.
See owner, 1036 M: Folsom st., S. F.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND ;.OTlCE— Dividend No. 71 (25c per
share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar Plantation
Company, will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market St.. on and after
Wednesday. September 20, 1899. Transfer
books will close on Thursday, September 14,
1899, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
UNITED STATES Engineer Office, Flood
Building, San Francisco, Cal., September 12,
lf,9j» — Sealed proposals . for erecting double
draw-span bridge, .approaches, thereto md
piers therefor, across tidal canal at Frultvale
aye.. near Alameda, Cal., will be received
here until 12 o'clock noon, November 14, 1*99.
Information furnished on application. «.
W. H. HEUER. Major Engineers.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladies in delicate health: larg*
-Private. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
110 CASH, $5 monthly till paid, for a fine
chicken run, 50x256 feet; price all told, $190;
Al soil, grand view, superb climate, plenty
of good water; 3 buildings now going up; .
electric cars and grand boulevard near by;
not far from a fine school house; Westall
Tract, Fruitvale, adjoining: East Oakland.
Call or send for circular, 455 Seventh St., near
corner Broadway, Oakland;- 11. Z. Jones,
owner; carriage free. — •
WHY not at once? Level-headed people who
desire to make and save money should take
advantage of golden opportunities offered.
Fine, building lots in the Galindo Tract, ad- ;
joining East Oakland. $90 up. Build your
home, or we will build it for you. See pres-
ent model homes now building; $10 cash, $3
monthly. Peralta aye., sewered and city
water electric cars and fine schoolhouse.
Call or send for circular. 455 Seventh st.,
near corner Broadway, Oakland. Carriage
free. H. Z. JONES, owner. .V--.-:
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD. ,
F' »H rent with board In private family, a large
handsomely furnished room, with furnace
heat; 2 blocks from cars. Address A. W.,
('nil office, Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaaa, the
furniture dealer. Uth and Franklin. Oakland.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at cither of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
CLAY— this city, September 12, to the wife
of E. H. Clay of Wadsworth, Nev., a son.
SCHULTX— In this city. September 14, 1899, to
the wife of C. F. Schultz. a son. .■ ■ ■
MARRIED.
WAGENKNECHT— this city.
September 10, 1899, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler,
■ Curt L. Goessel and Emille Wagenknecht.
MILLER— In this city, June 4, 1899,
Frederic Raymond Miller and Mary Eleanor
Holden.
RUTKOWSKI— KREFT— In this city. Septem-
ber 15, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Felix. Rut-
kowskl a"nd Ida M. Kreft.
WOLLENBERG— JUDELL— this city, Sep-
tember 1". 1899, at the residence of parents,
2506 Pine street, by Rev. Dr. Voorsanger,
Charles M. Wollonberg and Romllda Judell.
DIED. '
Andersen, Hannah Merrell, Anna A.
Bagge, Mary A. Nickels, Hans
Barth, Henry O'Brien, Mary
Brown. Joseph Pattridge. Robert K.
Brown, John B. Pooley, Suzette M.
Dougherty, Lizzie Quinby, Marian
Eastman. Moses H. Relbli, Matthias
Fennessy, Mary J. Riley, Mary G.
Galvin. Michael Ruling. Marie M.
Hattieid George R. Shrlmpton. Wm. B.
Herlihy-. John Walsh. Kittle H.
Jones, G. W. Walsh. May V.
Lawson, Charles S. Wiggins, Josephine
Leidlng, Frederick C. William, Ruel
ANDERSEN— In this city. September 17. 1899,
Hannah, beloved daughter of Magnus Ander- I
sen, and sister of Mary. Christine, Stlna,
Magnus, Andrew and Nils Andersen, a na-
tive of Sweden, aged 42 years.
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday) at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Western Addition Funeral Directors. 242$ :
California street, between Flllmore and Stel- !
ner. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BAGGE— this city, September 16, 1899, Mary j
A. Basce, beloved mother of Miss Annie J.
BllEgi' and Mrs. Paul Agmar. a native of
Mallow, County Cork, Ireland, aged 72 years
and is days. ■, -■ ■ V :v -^
C7"Fri(nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day !
(Tuesday), at 8 o'clock, from her late resi- !
dence, 2832 California street, thence to St.
Dominies' Church, where a requiem high
mass will l" celebrated for the repose of her :
soul at 8:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery-
BARTH— In this city. September IS. 1*99. Henry j
Harth. a native of Germany, aged 60 years. .
BROWN— In the City and County Hospital,
September IS. i :*. Joseph Brown, a native of ]
Scotland, aged 43 years.
BROWN— In th'ls city, September 17, 1899, John '
8., beloved husband of Fanny B. Brown, and ;
father Of Horace 8., Jessie \\\. Clara S. and
Fanny E. Brown, a native of Illinois, aged |
67 years 5 months and 21 days. (Watsonvllle
papers please copy.)
ITTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the Ma-
scnlc Hall, at Watsonville, Cal., under the
auspices of Pajaro Lodge No. 110, F. and
A. M.
DOUGHERTY— In this city, September 17. 1899, ;
Lizzie, beloved wife of : James Dougherty. |
beloved mother of Charles. Mary and Michael j
O'Dor.nell. and sister of Rodger and the late. ■
Barney Kearney and the late Annie Glbons,
a native of County Donegal, Ireland, aged ■;■>
years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 24 Federal street, thence to St. Bren-
dan's Church for services. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland, via 2 o'clock creek
route boat.
EASTMAN— In Oakland, September 18, 1599,
Moses H., beloved husband of Eliza A. East-
man, and brother of Frank G. Eastman and
Mm. S. B. Abbott, a native of New York, ,
aged 69 years V. months and 3 days.
CTFiiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend funeral services this
day' (Tuesday), at 2 O'clock, at the First M.
E Church, corner of Fourteenth and Clay I
streets. Oakland. Bervlces at cemetery under
the auspices of Live Oak Lodge No. 61, F. and
A. M Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
FENNESSY— In this city, September. 18, 1899,
Mary Josephine Fennessy, mother of Cath- ;
erine and Thomas Fennessy, Mrs. R. Ring-
rove and Mrs. H. Noyea, a native of Agra,
India.
IC'Notice of funeral hereafter.
GALVIN— In this city, September 17. 1899,
Michael beloved husband of Kate Galvin, and
father of Katie. Willie. Maggie and Thomas
Calvin, a native of County Roscommon, Ire-
land, aged 33 years. \ . -
C7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors ;
of t C O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by 11:30 I
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
HATFIELD— East Oakland, September 17,
1599, George Reeve Hattield. a native of Penn-
sylvania, aged 67 years and 2 1 - days.
EIERLIHY— In this city, September 17, 1599,
John, beloved husband of the late Ellen Herll-
hv a native of Ireland, aged 71 years.
■([^"rhe funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from the family resi- |
dence, 1316 Filbert street, thence to St.
Brigid's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose Of ills soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock, Interment" Mount
Calvary; OrretPry. Kindly omit flowers.
JONES— In this city. September IS. 1899, G. W.
Jones, a native of Connecticut, aged 74 years.
LAWSON— In this city, September 18, 1899, j
Charles S., beloved husband of Jane A. Law-
son, a native of Sweden, aged 66 years and 2
months.
LEIDING— In Oakland, Saptember 16, 1899,
Frederick Christoph, beloved husband of
Minna Leidlne, a native of Bremen. Ger-
many, aged 75 years 3 months and 19 days.
[C/The funeral services will be held
this day (Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, at his
late residence, 1474 Ninth street, Oakland. In-
terment private, Odd Fellows' Cemetery, San
Francisco:
MERRELL— In this city, September .17, 1899.
Ann A . beloved wife of I. L. Merrell, and
mother of I. A. Merrell. Mrs. J. T. Carroll
and Mrs. G. N. Shaw, a native of Brooklyn,
N V., aged 65 years 2 months) and 26 days.
(Brooklyn, N. V., and Sacramento, Cal., pa-
pers please copy.)
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 22 Vicksburg street, between Twen-
■ ty. second and Twenty-third. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, via San Francisco and
San Mated Electric Railway funeral car from
■ Thirtieth street and San Jose avenue.
NICKELS— In this city, September 18. 1599,
Hans Nickels, a native of Germany, aged 57
years.
rn7"Remalns at the parlors of H. F. Suhr &
"Co., 113" Mission street, between Seventh and
Eighth.
O'BRIEN-In this city, September 18. 1R99, at
St Mary*" Hospital, Mary, beloved sister of
Thomas O'Brien, and aunt of Thomas O'Brien
Jr and Mrs. Albert W. Holbrook of San Jose,
a native of Boston, Mass., aged 56 years.
[^Notice of funeral hereafter.
PATTRIDGK— At his residence, 1141 Twvnty-
seventh avenue south. South San Francisco,
September 16, . 1899. Robert Kirkwood Pat-
trldgo, dearly beloved husband of the late
Catharine Pattrldco, and beloved father of
Robert Kirkwood Pattridge Jr. and Mrs. J. J.
Hayden, a native of Watertown, N. V., aged
72 years and 11 months. (New York papers
please cony.)
[TT-Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Com-
pany, 8 and 10 City Hall square. Remains at
his late residence, 1141 Twenty-seventh avenue
south South San Francisco, until Tuesday,
at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery. .
Hill NRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
N F. Pethlefsen. Chas. H. Jacob.
chas H. JACOB co. SffSSVffi,
H. E. Snook. Funeral Directors ■ and Em-
balmers, 318 Mason street, bet. Geary and
O'Farrell streets. Telephone Main 5213.
POOLEY— In this city. September 19. 1599, Su-
zette M. Pooley, beloved daughter of John
and Anna Pooley.
QIINP.Y— In this city, September 17, IS?9. Mar-
ian, beloved wife of Albert O. Quinby and
mother of Claude. Earl and Forrest Quinbj.
a native of Wisconsin, aged 4S years.
(C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this aa>
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, *»■>
Powell street, near Post. Interment at
Chico, Cal.
REIRLI— In Sonoma, September 17. 1599. Mat-
thias Reibli. beloved brother of Mrs. ™-«**"
derberger, Mrs. A. Infanger, Mrs. A. fcciugo.
Mrs. A. Kiser and Mrs. M. Koch, a native of
Canton Obwalden. Switzerland.
C^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to. attend the funeral this da>
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the home of
Mrs. A. Kiser at Embarcadero, thence to ht.
Francis Church, where services will be held.
RILEY-A solemn reijuiem high mass (month s
mind) will be celebrated to-morroy (Wednes-
day), at 9 o'clock, at St. Onanes Borromeo s
Church, Eighteenth and Shotwell streets, for
the repose of the soul of the late Mary Ger-
trude Rlley. Friends and acquaintances are
respectfully invited to attend.
RILING—I n this city. September 18, 1899,
Marie Maud Ruling, infant daughter of Car-
los and Maud Ruling, aged 5 days.
BHRIMPTON— In this City, September IK. 1599.
William li. Shrimpton. a native of England,
aged 40 years. A member of San Francisco
Association No. l. N. A. 8. F.
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from Foresters Hall
VO o'Farrell street, under the auspices of San
Francisco Association No. 1. National Asso-
ciation Stationary Engineers. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery. Remains at the funeral
parlors of H. C. Bunker A Co.. 2G66 Mission
street, Mission Masonic Temple.
WALSH— In this city, September 1«. 1899. Kit-
tle H. Walsh, wife of William H. Walsh, a
native of lllioniß.
WALSH— In this city, September 18, IW9. May
V., beloved and only daughter of Arabella and
the late William Walsh, and tister of Wil-
liam. George and John Walsh, and niece of
Jnmes and Lawrence M. Walsh and Edward
Brown, a native of San Francisco, aged .'1
years 4 months and 13 days.
17 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his mother, 126 Langton street, thence to
St. Joseph's Church for services at i:U)
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
WIGGINS— In this city, September 15. 1599. Jo-
sephine Wiggins, a native of New York, aged
35 years.
CFRemains at Charles J. B. Metzler s par-
lorp, «36 Washington street
WILLIAMS— In Howdoinham. Me.. September
11 1899 Ruel. beloved husband of the late
Sarah M. Williams, father of Horace G. \\ il-
llams Floretta F. Sarl» and the late Sarah
R. Elliot, and grandfather of Florence A..
Sherman A. and Leslie M. Barle and Mrs.
Hortense McKnl^'ht of San Franclscr., a na-
tive of Maine, aged 80 years su\-\ i months.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, September IS.
Fehr Free Trade, Thorsen, 8 days from Ne
tarts Bay. TI
Schr Melancthon, 6 days from Grays Har
"bark Topgallant, Lunyaldt, 9 days from Port
Blakeley. , ,
Bktn Ruth, Olson. 23 days from Kahulul.
Schr Norma, Peterson. 49 hours from Fort
Bragg.
SAII-ED.
Monday, September IS.
Stmr "Weeott, ElMs. Eureka.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Arrived Sept IS— Htmr Waahtenaw,
hence Sept IS; arrived Sept 17— Stmr I'matllla.
li.ih .. Sent 13. Sailed Sept IT— Stmr Al-K:. tor
Alaska; ship Loots Walsh, for £an Francisco.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
Mrs J Craig. Highland I M C Goering, Cal
Urs B M Doud.Cal Alex Halnes, Madison i
j ay Hubert. Kimira » J Styne. Tacoma
'; Rummelsburg.Wintrs Eugene Robs, N >
li S Paul, USA M G Jones & f. L Aw?
C X •'adman. I'lnole B Mi^aki, Japan
,T V HRtsey. B Jose IE Seeberger, Switzerld
I W Boone, V S N A Kotmann, Germany
I C' T Richmond, 0 S A D Rotmann. Germany
> j Mathena, Bacto iJno A Aim, Aita
A B C Patterson Cal M McSherry. Chicago
T Golden, Nevada L A Strauss. Chicago
Wm Nicholls Jr. Cal E J Cahlll, Gilroy
M Gruen & w, Stocktn E M Rusk. Cal
Al Griffin, Fresno |J O Hestwood, S Jose
[D B Mulligan. NT $5 P Poland. San Jose
I R Thuslßßon, Cal It Levy, New York
DC Wilkina, Red Bluff F B Moore, Marysvlle
V T Burrers, Red Bluff C Maltzen & w, Cal
A Mason, Red Bluff F Carpenter, Cal
! D E Morris, Red Bluff Win Meyers. Cal
;Wm Thomas. Chlco |F II Botsford. Phlla
, A W Fox. Oregon B M Carr, Pinole
F A Auteuneth, YrekaiMrs Cook, Orland
D t'. Dower, Cal Laura Cook. Orland
I>r i> E Roberta Cal Mrs Knight, Orland
Sr Rummclsburg. Cal F S Reager &w, Cal
] E Vlney. Hanford E n Nelson, Willows
Mrs w Nolton. L Ang Or L Ella Cool, Nev
n II Schiller Redding M A Flickenger, bj
Ben Thomas. Delano S G Burman &w, L A
1 E I, Webber Napa 3 J Brumenstool, L A
Miss F Schofleld. L A A <: Burnett; 8 Rosa
11 II Barret. S Rosa
PALACE lIOTEL.
O P Jenkins, Stanfd Wolf, Berlin
II B Wood. S Jose c D Clark, Wyo
W F Hamilton. Londn J S Fearon, China
Mrs W F Hamilton. F Berlis, Moscow
London L C Hopkins, China
S M Hamilton, Londn Mrs S L Bee, Yoko
! D P Mitchell, Sacto E N Bee, Yoko
J S Hill Sacto c HBalfour, London
B <; Cook Minn W M Freyloan, Yoka
(; w Fishback. NY F F Snarpless, Madera
' H Heymnn. Phila F X Jones, Manila
1 J c Heyman, Phila Miss B Nevln, lvnn
1 M de Vries, Stockton li A Butters, Richmnd
Miss Rhodes. ChgO Mrs H A Butters, do
Miss M L Flanders, Or i M Neil, Santa cruz
I J C Flanders, Oregon IF W Palmer, USA
W II Barnhart. Oregn I. A Dalton, England
c, j Low, Jndnapolis A B Patterson. Mass
W M Graham, Cal |H C Perkins, Monterey
LJ A Nangle. Mexico Mrs H C Perkins, do
L Gundelfinger, Cal Miss Ruth Perkins, do
I, "W Newell. Cal Miss Mabel Perkins, do
Mrs L W Newell. c a l William F Perkins, do
.1 W Kane, Louisville Clarence Perkins, do
C II I 'avis. NY F A C Perrine, Btanfd
' Mrs C R Edwards, NY Mrs F A C Perrine, do
A C Anderson Chigolj . H Kahn. Stanford
O L Colgate, Orland C S Lesher, N V
Mrs. C S Lesher, do :
NEW WESTERN.
H A Anderson. Buffalo H M Jeter. Arizona
VY 1! Bishop S Diego J Brennan ft w. Ontario
j joaquln, P Roblea Q Frank. Stockton
T Slbrlan San Jo<=>- B Sweeney, Idaho
i McConnell, Vallejo G Btefllnjr. Idaho
LI X Nelson. Bakersfld F Dnhrtnan. Stege
P Nugent, San Jcx«e J Chirm, Toronto
A Cohen, Sacramento \v .1 Regan, \ allejo
W A Brown, Portland F Polk. Merced
li Thomas. San Joso
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
The Missionary Society of St. Paul the
At -tie (a corporation) to John Rogowski. lot
on N line of Twentieth street, 367:11 E of Stan
yan E 125 by N rwi block 16, subdivision 2,
Clarendon Heights; $5.
Cornelius and Catherine T.Buckley to Adolph-
Ln« M Squires (wife of F. ). lot on SW line of
Seventeenth avenue, 800 SE of S street, SE 2.".
by BW 100, block 847. Case Tract; $io.
San Francisc. an 1 Fresno Land Company (a
corporation) to Bernardino I'attyn, lot on SB
corner of S street anil Fifteenth avenue, X 60
by S ion. lots ] and 2, block 303, ON. and H.
Tract ; $«00.
Henry Egeberg to Anna M. Egeberg, lot 3,
Mock 14 Syndicate's First Addition; $5.
Adelaide <). Townsend i widow) to riarence
F Townsend lot mi N line of McAllister street,
U7:B B of Polk. X 3ft by N 120: gift.
Percy and Knillie S. Beamish to Etta M.
Baumgardner iwife of s. J.). lot on E line of
Van Ncsa avenue. 67:6 N of Lombard street.
N 25 by B 109; MO.
San "Francisco Theological Seminary to
Charles G. Hightower (administrator of estate
of Sarah Lambert), l"t nn xff corner af Oak
and Buchanan streets, W 70 by N ?'•; IB2L
Ix>ula and Jennie Frlediander to Caro
line kitsch lot on W line of Devisadero
street "> N of McAllister, N 25 by W 100J 110.
Frederick H. and Virginia F. Deakin to Louis
Titus lot on N\V corner of I'nion and Brod
eriek'streets. N 44, W 103. PE 47. E 78:!>: $10.
John and Luna Stierlen to C..-f,r«<> Cople, lot
on S line of Carl street, 154:4 E of Stanyan, E
L>;, by B 137:6; $io.
Austin Kins; to Delia Kinff, lot nn E line of
De Lone avenue. 131 S of Frederick street, S
25 by E B5; Kift.
Ely I and Helen J. Hutchlnson to Christian
and "Maria Walther, lot on E line of Julian
avenue, 165 S of Fourteenth street, S IS by E
94 • !10.
Susie G Goff to Margaret Powleson (wife of
Georee L ) lot on E line of Eurekn street, 143
x o? Eighteenth, N 24:s by E IU; no.
Thaddeus E. and Annio J. Qrtmes to John
(i Miller lot on S line nf Nineteenth street,
100 W of Eureka, W 2. r . by S 18; $H.
John T. and Adelaide M. UcCTOMOn t" Cali
fornia Title [naurance and Trust Company, lot
on SF line of South Park avenue, 122 Sw of
Second street, SE 130. SW 21, N'W tv curve,
NE to South Park to beKlnnin*?; $10.
William Cameron to Margaret Curtln, lot 9.
block 313 South San Francisco Homestead and
Railroad Association: SM.
John Adami to Mary Adami. lot on N line
of X'nlon street, 57:6 E of Steiner, E 25 by
N 112-6; $10.
Seme to same, same, quitclaim deed; $10.
Frank M Stone (by H. M. Covert, commis
sioner) to Security Savings Bank, lot on W
line of Howard Street, '-'!" S Ol Twen*y-fourth,
S 50 by W Ho; $B.m
Fmlfand Mary Marzolf to Giovanni B. Torre,
lot on N line of Elizabeth street, 100 \V of
Castro, W X by N 114; $10.
John C and Mamie Mollison to Jacob Hey
man lot on E line of Hoffman avenue (Ellen),
7<V6 'N of Alvarado street, N 25 by E 90. lot
28,' Heyman Tract: $.V.
Jacob and Llna Heyman to Jacob and Joseph
Woissbeln, «ame: $10.
.T.«pph Harriet. Jacob & Bertha G. elss
beln to Acme Building and Loan Association,
Builders' Contracts.
George P. Allen (owner) with Fred Miller
(contractor) architect Auarust Nordln— All work
except mantels, shades. *taa fixtures, concrete
and cement work for a 2-story and attic frame
building on lot on N line of Fulton street, 87:6
E of Devisadero. E 22:6 by N 62:6; $3210.
Charles H. Erken (owner) with Wilson &
Long (contractors), plans by owner— All work
(grading, mantels, gas fixtures and shades to
be furnished by owner) for a F-story frame flat i
building with basement and brick foundation i
on lot on NE line of Tenth street.l2s NW of |
Folsom. NE 100. NW r.n, SE 100. NE 50; $32iV>.
E. Mclaughlin (owner) with Fred Miller
(contractor), architect H. Geilfuss— Carpenter,
bri'k work and roofing on 3-story frame build
ing (stores and flats') on lot on SW line of
Ninth strf-ft, VJ2M SE of Howard, SE 57:6 by
SW 100; $7420.
Same owner with G. C. Sweeney (contractor),
architect same — Plumbing, gas fitting and sew
ering for same on same; $2i*9S.
Same owner with Frank Colgan (contractor),
architect same— Lathing and plastering for
same on samp; J1363.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued From Page Eight.
Sept fi— Phir> Lucile. for Port Townsend; Br I
ptmr Doric, for Yokohama.
KAHI l.n Sailed Sept 7— Bktn Gleaner, for
Grays Harbor. Cleared Sept 9— Rrig Sencva,
for Tai'oma.
KONOIPU— Arrived Sept 3— Schr John G.
North, h^nce Aug. 19.
MAHi;KONA— Sailed Sept 2— Sohr HolPn N.
Klmliall. for San Fram-isoo; brie John D.
Siirockels, for San Francisco.
BRISBANE— Arrived Ser>t 16— Br stmr Mio
wera. from Vancouver.
COLON— Sailed Sept 16— Stmr Allianoa, for
New York.
NEWCASTLE, N. S. W.- Sailed Aue 4— Br
ship Helensburg, for San Francisco; Br ship |
Verajean, for Oregon.
ACAPUIjCO— SaiIed Sept IS-Shlp J. B.
lirown, for Port Townsend.
TKANSATLANTIt ! STKAMERS.
SOfTHAMPTON— Arrived Sept IS— Stmr W!l
--helm der i;r.r«se, from New York, via Cher
bourg:, for Hrpmen.
GLASGOW— Arrived Pent IS— Stmr City of
Rome, from New York
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Sept IS— Ptmr Mon
mouthshire, from Portland, Or.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Bept 18— Star Ems,
from Now York via St. Michael, and pro- |
i-ended for Nanles and Gnnoa.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 18— Stmr Spaarn- !
dam, f r- ti > R^iUTdiim nnd Hniil'iitnc
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
jt^ Steamers leave Broadway |
Wjj( )9^ wharf. San Francisco.
BaHQßj^. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m., ;
Bv3fc&J»2s£||k September 18, 23, 28. October
tmßjKjtlEa 3 ' change at Seattle
HmflNWI For Victoria. Vancouver
t EgK^Zißf^Sai <n - O, Port Townsend, Se-
*l^EjjC'saJ utt'.e. Tacnma. Everett, Ana-
cortes and New Whatcom
(Wash.), 10 a. m.. September i
18, 23-,. 2S, October 3. and \
every fifth day thereafter; change at Seattle I
to this company's steamers for Alaska and
It. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Van- ;
couver to C. P. By.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m., Sep- ;
tember 16. 21, 26, October 1, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, j
Cayucns, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), i
Gavlota. Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme, !
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m.. September it. 21. 25, 29, Oc-
tober 3 and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har- |
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port j
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a. i
m September 15. 19, 23, 27, October 1, and j
every fourth day thereafter. I
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del ;
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each ;
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of saillner.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). •
GOODALL, PERKINS * CO.. Oen. Agts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
**" DISPATCH PAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE 812 First Class Including Bert*
rAiIL $8 Second Clos ; and Meals. !
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails....
Sept. 5, 15, 25; Oct. 5, . 15, I.'>
COLUMBIA sails ..Sept. 10, 20, 30; Oct. 40, 20. 30 !
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte, I
Helena and all points In the Northwest, |
Through tickets to all points East. ,
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
~~ AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PAKI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound. ;
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m. j
St Louis Sept. 20 St. Louis .......Oct. 11 j
St Paul Sept. 27 St. Paul Oct. 18!
New York Oct. 4 New York Oct. 25 j
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwero.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon. j
Kensington Sept. 20 Soutbwark Oct. 11 |
Nordland Sept. 27 Westernland Oct. IS
Friesland Oct. i Kensington Oct. 25
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
30 Montgomery st.. or any of its agencies. j
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m., for |
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, "calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and '
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for ,
India, etc. No cargo received on board on ("ay :
of sailing.
AMERICA-MARU Friday. October 6 !
HONGKONG-MARU Wednesday. Nov. 1
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For '
freight and passage apply at company's offce. i
421 Market st.. cor. First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
■^rgg^. amvasamSnM The S. S. Australia
Jw»Mi®^R&flflPSßl; sails for Honolulu
ißFjaMKii fe*""""™ Wednesday, Septem-
K^y-i K*j ber 20. at 2 p. m.
@a£l!9aDMraA Th * -s - s - Australia .
Balls for Honolulu
• »"""""""«■■■""■ Wednesday, Septem-
U m , ber 20. at 2 p. m.
f>^^ — r> S. S. Mariposa sails
t&ViW-MS >TMm^nin<J vla Honolulu and
jKSiHay QHwHIUMIU Auckland for Sydney j
VNaJDSi*' IClV\Vwft]\^ Wednesday, October I
<fe^ <yiiiwuii«r 4 at 10 p m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii. ■
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia, India, Suez,
England, etc»; $610 first class.
I. D. SP.IECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office, 327 Market St.
COMPAGNIE QENEHALE TRANSATLANTIQDE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS, '
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. *JJvLt>
from Pier 42, North River, foot of -~= s w«'^ •* |
Morton st. LA BRETAGNE, Sept. 23; LA
TOURAINE. Sept. 30; LA NORMANDIE. Oct. |
i 7; LA CHAMPAGNE. Oct. 14; LA GASGOGXE.
Oct. 21. First-class to Havre, $60 and up- I
ward; 5 per cent reduction on round trip. :
Second-claw to Havre. $45; 10 per cent reduc- |
tion on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA, 32 Broad-
way (Hudson building). New York. J. F. FIJ-
GA'/A & CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Montgom-
ery aye.. Snn Francisco.
BAY AND BIVER STEAMERS.
"forTsTnayy-yard and vallejo!
Steamer "Monticello." .
MON., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night), Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. m., 8
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock, j
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1503.
FARE 50c !
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via SMIMUt* F.rry.
Commencing September 1, 1899.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO, *8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.;
•1:46 3:20, 4:00, 5:15, *G:00, 6:30 \>. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturdays
ami Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
.SUNDAYS— *S'CO. '9:00, *10:0 O. 11:00, 11:30
a. m.; 1:00. *t:4B, '2:30, '4:00. 5:30, 6:45 p. m.
11 00 a. m. does not run to San Raf'l Sundays.
5-30 p m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked ■•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAKL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. *6:40, 7:55, 8:40, »10:20
a. m. : 12:30, 2:l'. «3:40. 4:35. 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdayr at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO, •S:flO. »9:45, 'lO^, '11:45
a. m. ; 1:00, 2:20. »3:30. •5:15. t-.W. 7:00, 10:15
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:50. 7:55, 8:55, 10:35
a BJ.i 12:35, 2:4/1. 4:56, 5:20 p. ni.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:1*0. 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:00. 11:10 a. m.; 12:05.
120 240, 3:55. 5:30. 6:30. 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:fto a. m. week days — Cazndero and way sta'ns.
3:20 p. m. Saturday? — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
too a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyeß and way sta'ns.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave ban Francisco, via Kausallto Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23. 1899.
WEEK DAYS. S:3O a. m., and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday, Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. m., Return'ug Same Even-
ing, arriving in San Francisco at 11 :20
p. m.
SUNDAYS. 8. 9, 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45. 2: JO
and 4 p. m.
Fare S. F. to Summit and Return. $1 40.
THOS. COOK & SON, Agts.. 621 Market at.
RAILROAD TBAVEX.
(wtniKin PACIFIC cowrAirr*
(PACIFIC SYSTMO
rraln* iei»vc »-! »«"« «•"«• tn H ' rl '* a *
C KA> FUAMCISCO.
. (Main Line, Foot of Market Street.) 1
LEAV k - From August 2. lS3g. - ARitrv»
7:00 a nenicia, Suisun and Sacramonto. . . . o: *sr
TiOOa Marysvillo, OroT.'Uaand Iteddiug via
Woodland •■ » sn»
7iooa Elrcira, Vacaville and Riimsey ..... »»o«F
7:30 a Martinez, .Sun ltaruon, Vailejo. Aepa,
Calistoga and Santa .Pvosa.. ....... «;]«?
S:OOa Atlantic lixpross, Ogdeu «nd Last.. VUS»
»:UOa Sail Jose, Uvcrmore, Stockton,
lone, Sacratnento, FlacerrUle,
:r. MarysTlllo, Ohico, Ke« 1i1utt...... 1'!™ P
8:»Oa •Milton, OakdrJuand 1^0n0ra...,;.. ««I»P
«:;:«* Yosemite Valley ?ia Oakdale and
Chinese.... t s ]~ T
O:OOa Haywards, Niles-aDd Way stations. lEi43«.
»:OOa Martinez, Trrcy. Lathrop. Stockton.
Merced and l'rcsno.. i2ilO*
»!«<»* Fresno. Makerslield Santa Barlnkta,
Los ADgeles. Demlrjg. El Paso,
New Orleans aad East ■i 43j |
IO:OOa Vallpjo. Martinez and Wny Stations 2 : «»
1I:OOa Harwartis, N ! .!cs an. 1 . V. ay Stations. »!*SP
IV.-OOm Nilcs, ::»<riuora. Stockton, Hacra-
m-.nto, Mendota, Uanffird. VUalia,
- 1-orterrille .f".?. 1 "
•l:OOp Sacramento Ilivor Stenmers "»jo«f
StOOp Ilaywßjrda, Nik* and Way Stations. 0:43f
«:O»p Martiner, fi;-.u Itauion, Vallejo,
Napa, 4:ali«*')i!ii. Santa Hosn Bilß*
4it»Or Benicia, Vacavillf, Sacramento,
Woodland. Knights • Landing.
Marysvillu, Oroville 2 : 1! l*
4iBOp Niles, San Joaeaml Stockton 7:lrip
4t3op Yosemito Sleeping Car for R»;mond 12:10F
EkOOrXho Owl. Tracy, Krefajo. liakers-
field, Saugus for Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles. £ l 1« A
3:B0p Stockton. Mercod, Fresno I*:iof
B:aop Martinez, Tracy, Mendcta, Fresno, -
MoJaTO end LOB AiiKelrs Bi*3A
Si3op Saota 1 <> Uoute, Atlaulio Uxpreas
for Momve ami F.ast «i«F
KranoincoBpeciftl,<>gdeii
and Kitst 8: ?!? F
•IOOp Haywarda. NileaarjdSan Joea 7: 12*-
•O:OOp Vallejo ISxIBf
}7:00p "ailejo. Port Cost* and W»j tiu-
tlons :»:SoF
B:A9p Oreßon l':ir>rcßß,Hacr:iTrieuto. Marys-
»ille. UcdiliiiK, I'uitUud, l'tigtt
Honmlßiid I'^Rt ... gil»^
COAST DIVISION (Narrow i;augf>).
Foot of Market Street.) _^
*~ JTi*sa Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Wp.y Stations {SiVSF
BilSa Newark.Ccnter?ille.6an Joee.Felton,
BoulderCreek.SantaOAizand Way
Stations »»3OF
VStlSr Newark Centcrvillo, San Jose, New
Almaden, Feitou, lioulder Creek.
Santa Cruz and I'tinclpal. Way '^•^'
Stations • I •i3O»
4>lP>P San .loso. Glenwocd and Way Sta-
tion*. 0«20*,
Milßpfelton, Santa Cruz and Way BU-
tions /0»2»A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
fromSlii FRANCISCO— Foot o ; lUrktl Street (Slip 8)—
•7:16 0:00 11:00 a.a.. a. 11:31 *2.00 t3:09
♦4:03 15:00 •6:COr.M.
fr«mO;.KU!(D— Tal of Broodwuj.— 'o:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
112:00 »1:00 |g:00 "3:CO H:00 *B:QQr.M.
*~~ COAST DIVISION (IJrond(Jauge). /
(Third and Townaciul St 3.)
" »*:IOa Ocean Viow. South U&n Francbco.. # 0:30r
*7sOOa San .Toko m»l Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) «8»00^
17:30 a Sunday Excursion for Sant» Cms,
Pacific Grovo acd Principal Way
' Stations :8i33»
9iooa San Joso. Tros Pincm. Hanta Cruz,
tncilio (Jrove. I'aso Hi>lile3. San
Luis Olil.i|K>, Surf, Lompoc and
Principal Way Rations 4:10?
I tt: 10 a San Josoand Way Ktiitlons «:»H
11:UOa San Joso and Way Stations liaor
•2:J5i- San Mateo. Redwood. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San .lose.
Hollister. Santa Cruz. BaliiiU«.
Monterey B!-.d l'aollio GroTe •10:36*.
•Bt3op San Jose. Santa Cruz, Paclflo Grovo
and Principal Way Stations »7:30f
••l:13r San Josoaiul Principal Way Station* |r»\
•5:00p Han Jose and Principal Way Stations *N:33
S:;:op San Jose and Principal Way Stations *U:"Oa
S:!t()r Sen Joso and WaySUUous 5:30p
tlli4gf San Josoaml Way Stations t"::K>p
A for Morning. V for Afternoon.
• Sunday excepteil. I Sunday only. t Saturday only.
tSiiurday and Sunday. /Sunday and Monday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO,
LESSEE
m FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEU
WEEK DAYS— 8:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:SSJ
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at I:s*
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30u
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a, m. ; 12:45,
8:40. 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
', l:st> and 6:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— fi:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m. 1:40, 3:40, 5:05,:
! 6:25 p. m. •
! Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
! tame schedule as above.
■■■ ■ %
Leave Arrive ■; ■■ .*:.
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco,, .
I ■ April 16. «
1 Week Sun- 1&39. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. days. Days.
1
7:30 am 8:00 am Nova to, 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, | 6:05 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Kusa. | 7:33 pm 6:20 pa*
Fulton, . _
7:20 am Windsor, 10:25 an»
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Gev.se rville,
1:80 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale, 7:35 pm 6:20 pml
7:30 am Hopland and 10:25 an»
3:30 pm 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:20 p:a
7:30 am 10:25 ana
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
1:30 pm . 6:20 pn»
7:80 am 8:00 am! Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 an*
and
1:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pmj 6:20 pra
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
1:30 pm 5:00 pml . I 7:35 pm 6:20 pro
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
: for Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Skats*
1 Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geyser*; at Hop-,
: land for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
Kelseyville, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
pell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno.
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierleys.
Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle.
Boonevllle, Philo, Christine, Soda Springs,
Navarro, Whltesboro, Albion, Little River,.
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City. Fort Brass,
Westport. Usal. Wtllitts. Laytonville, Cum^
ming's. Bell 1 Springs, Harris, Olsen's. Dyer."
Bcotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets 'at
reduced rates. •
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
\ beyond San Rafael at half rates.
i Ticket Offices, 650 Market St.. Chronicle blfls,
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN. '
i General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:30 P. M.
DINING-ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR.
FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL. SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
RATES. ;>;;<•."?
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE, 623
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE MAIN .1531.
OAKLAND OFFICE. ins Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE. 201 J Street.
SAN JOSE OFFICE. 7 W. Santa Clara St.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JQAQUIS
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 2S, 1899, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. j Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday | ger.
Daily. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Dally.
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pm 6:00 pm
9:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am 5:35 pm I Fresno j 9:30 am 2:42 pm
11:3S am 7:45 pm| Hanford i 7:45 am 1:45 pm.
2:25 pm 12:30 ami Bakensfleld 2:00 am 11:00 am
31:59 am 6:25 pm| Visalia 6:40 am 1:22 pm
12:15 pm 6:53 pm| Tulare ■ 5:50 am 1:05 pm
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connection*
inquire at Traffic Department. 321 Market St..
San Francisco.
/"""%. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
#Lfc« !3 Jigf>2. r >KEAttNYST, Established
EMFl^lwll ln '*••»•• toT 11lt ' treatment of Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
(t2oKi:Ai»v ST. Established
iii 1 854 for the treatment ol Prfvata
|WrsSi#i?% rearinron hodyand mimland
a^4y?pra"^ Skin Diseases. Thedocioretireswhen
I*Vs£^M'*'jMth.'ist"uil. Try him. Charges low.
sftS&SaSiisy t?tire»euaranl«*«*d. Call or write.
Dr. J. *'. UiBBOK. Box 1U57...5au Francisco.
1112
SUPERVISORS HONOR
DOLLAR LIMIT PLEDGE
Tax Levy for This Fiscal Year
Adopted by the Board.
Provision Also Made for Appropriations Which Neither
the Mayor Nor the Board Considered to Be in
the Restriction of the Election Pledge,
The Board of Supervisors has kept Its
pledge to the people. it met yesterday
and adopted the tax levy for the present
fiscal year. In this levy the board has
kept its promise to the letter and has not
exceeded the dollar limit as this restric
tion is understood by the people, the
Mayor and the Supervisors. As far as
the? government of the city is concern* d,
it must be made within the dollar limit.
Provision was made yesterday for sev
eral funds and improvements that are
rightly not considered in the dollar limit.
These provisions are for sinking funds,
judgments against the city, deficiencies
and St. Marys Park. Neither the Mayor
nor the Supervisors considered these pro
visions within the dollar limit, and in
them there is no violation of the pledges
given The people of the city have rea
son to congratulate themselves that the
Supervisors have In this signal way hon
ored their promises.
As adopted the levy figured out one dol
lar, two cents and elghty-three-hun
dredtha on the HOO, but upon the Mayor's
suggestion the figure was made one dol
lar, two cents and nine mills, to facilitate
calculation. Added to the State rate, the
entire tax will be $1 63 even. The funds
were segregated as follows: General fund,
.6733; Street light fund. .040; Street De
partment fund, .M 2; school fund, .1213;
park Improvement fund, .0564; interest ac
count and park improvement bonds, .0040;
sinking park improvement bonds, ,0025.
Total, j 290.
The complete schedule is as follows:
GENERAL FUND.
July 1. ISP9, to June 30, 1900.
Advert tor city and county olfl
cars ".000
Assessor's salary _*.W0
Ab&essor's deputies •: A-.om
Assessor's extra clerks 'aJJa
Auditors salary ■•••■•• r 4 ' !„
Auditor's deputies and clerks M>,wu
Auditor's counstl fees ™
Assessment roll,, compiling, extending,
eto 13,000
Attorney and Counselor, salary 6,000
Attorney and Counselor, assistants,
clerks^ messenger and typewriter 15,300
Conner's salary .::r:.V... 4.OuG
Coroner's deputies, autopsy physician,
stenographer, Janitor and messenger. 12.600
Coroner's expenses 2,000
Coroner's matmn <*
First cix months— Horse keeping,
}3K>; Incidental, $450; rent, 4 months
a $55. $260; chemical analysis and
miscellaneous, $345; total. $1355 03.
Second six months— Horse keeping,
$300; chemical analysis and miscel
laneous, $345: total. »645. ...
County Clerk salary 4.o>K)
County Clerk's deputies and copyists... il, <oo
District Attorney ••■ S,OOO
District Attorney's assistants, clerks
and stenographer 24,000
Fire Alarm and Police Telegraph, sal
aries *- 100
Fire Alarm and Police Telegraph, ex
tension and repairs n-i
Apparatus and material 10.000
Police Telegraph . 4.«'0
Fire Department, leave of absence.... 6,000
Fire Department, pensions 15.000
Fire Department, material 30.0"0
Fire Department, running expenses.... SO.nn.)
Fire Department, salaries 405.300
Apparatus nd hose 125,000
Fire Department relief of disabled fire
men 1 - n "°
Fish and Game Warden 3.0
Fourth of July, expenses 8.000
Gas Inspector's alary 900
Health Deportment—
Alrr.f-houe* expenses 90,000
ADVERTISEMENT S.
[PR BESCRM PTIO N j
lorn£Anrj^ f[ I
OrHEAHTH
Everything:
that's Beautiful
in
Chinaware.
Great Left Over Sale
Prices Away Down.
You'll Say So,
When You See Prices.
Great American Importing Tea Co.
(Stores Everywhere.
100 Stores.
I Burial of indigent dead 5,000
I City Receiving Hospital— Salaries,
| $i3SO; expenses, $2620 10,926
I City and County Hospital 90,000
Hrpairs 5,000
Smallpox Hospital ....• 4,000
•board oi Health, expenses 7.'""
Board of Health, salaries 3S.»«n
City Physician, $1SOU; assistant, $1200.... 3,000
Insane, examination of 4,000
Interment United States soldiers and
tailors 2,600
Interpreters, court 6.7j0
Judges. Superior Court (12) 48.U00
Judges' secretary I.SOO
Stenographers S.bOu
Court orders and witness" expenses — 3,000
Judgments 3,700
Jury expenses in criminal cases 1,000
Jury expenses 2,000
Justices' tries 12,300
Justices' clerks 9.270
Law Librarian's salary 2,400
| Law Library, Janitor 840
Law and Motion Calendar 2,400
License Collector's salary and deputies. i l -.:" 11
License Collector's blanks, tags, etc... 1,000
Mayor ■».-"■
Mayor's clerk 2,700
Mayors typewriter 810
Mayor's usher 450
Mayor's contingent fund 2,700
Maintenance feeble-minded children... 15,000
Maintenance minors In State schools... 8,000
Maintenance Insane patients and sal
aries attendants 4,000
Maintenance minors in non-sectarian
1 Institutions 3.000
Municipal reports 6.000
Police Courts 33.5n0
Police Department, salaries 730.59S
Police, contingent expenses 6.000
Police, rents and repairs of stations.... 7..''
Police, mounted .'..000
Police patrol 35.000
Poundkeeper 900
Prisoners, subsistence of 35.f>00
Printing transcripts on appeal. 1.000
Recorder's salary S.BOO
Recorder's deputies, mortise clerk
and watchman •.. 6.750
Recorder's ■•::•• clerks 20,000
Recorder's newspapers 20
Registration and Election Kxpenses —
Salaries Commissioners 2,5110
Salary Registrar and Secretary 3,<v>o
Salaries clerk and messenger 3.00<i
Election expenses 60.500
Sheriff, salary 8.000
Sheriff, counsel fees 1,800
Sheriff, undershertff 2.400
Sheriff, deputies, bookkeepers, bailiffs,
driver, porters, matron 57,000
Sheriff, horse keeping, prison' purposes. fiOO
County Jail 2. Including subsistence — 4n,<wi
County Jail 3 and Magdalen Asylum.. 16.235
Special counsel l.noo
Stationery and tinting 15,000
Stenographers' expenses in criminal
cases 7,200
Superintendent of Schools 2.000
Superintendent of Schools, deputy 1,500
Secretary Hoard of Education 1,200
Superintendent of Streets 2,0^0
Superintendent of Streets, deputies 14.250
Supervisors IS, OOO
Supervisors' clerk, deputy and assistant
clerks 18.000
Supervisors' sergeant at arms 1,200
Clerks Board of Equalization 1.200
Finance Committee's experts and ex
penses 2,100
Sundry employes at City Hall. viz. :
Engineer, $1300; plumber. $1200; fire
man, $300: assistant plumber, $900;
extra fireman. $S4O; watchman, $S00;
elevator conductors (2). $1680; night
watchman, $9CO; carpenter, $1200; as
sistant carpenter, 1900; expert street
committee. JlSf'O; total. $12.546 13.540
Employes Hall of Justice 5,040
Viz.: Electrician. $1200; engineer,
$1200; fireman, $&>'o: three elevator
conductors at $840, $2. ,20; five Janitors
at $540, $4200: total, $10,080.
Gardeners, public, squares 2.500
j Jails and prisons, two matrons 1.441
Janitors and head porter 20,000
' Public buildings, fuel for C.oftO
; Public bulldingf, furniture and repairs. 10,000
j Public building?, lighting 35, 000
Surveyor, salary L"."
Tax Collector's salary 4.000
Tax Collector's deputies and cashier... 18,7!
Tax Collector's extra clerks 33,500
Military roll 2.300
Publishing delinquent tax list 2,5<t0
! Treasurer 4.000
Treasurer's deputies and clerks 8.850
I frirent necessity 2(5,000
i 'Water for municipal purposes 240. 000
• Civil Service Commissioner? and secre
tary 3,000
Civil Service Commissioners, expenses. 1.000
• Salaries of officers last fiscal year IRSS
. 1*!.?. unprovided for 127,000
For the acquirement for park purposes
of the lots and lands bounded by Du
pont street, St. Mary's place, Califor
nia street and Pine street 125,01 V)
Library fund 65,000
) Park Improvement fund 214.
j Maintaining public schools 1,200,000
] Street Department Fund —
! Repairing accepted streets and ma
: terial fi'.onn
j Repavlng accepted streets 23,132
j Cleaning and repairing sewers and ma
; terial fiS.non
Engineering and purveys 5,000
! Improvement and maintenance parks
and squares 13,400
I Repairs bituminous pavements 20,(520
j Sweeping and cleaning streets ISO.OOO
I Repairs county roads B,noo
Improving city front property 2.500
i Expenses Board of Supervisors, 11,598
' Sewer Commission, expenses .! 20.000
: Panhandle Commission, expenses 7,000
; Board of Public Works and employes... 16,250
'Street light fund ' 24,000
! Interest on park Improvement bonds,
1*74-75 15,000
' Sinking fund park Improvement bonds,
i 1874-73 104 rm
St. Mary's Park Fund 125,000
LIGHTING BIDS OPENED.
J. J. Groom Appointed Clerk in Judge
Graham's Court
Thp Supervisors yesterday appointed J
: J. Groom of the National Athletic Associ
1 atlon Justice's clerk In Police Juclk 11
Graham's court, to succeed Fred Klliut,
appointed clerk in the Supervisors' de
: partment, vice Harry Farquharson. re
-1 Flgned. The vote for Mr. Groom's ap
pointment wan unanimous.
! An order was passed directing the Mar
ket-street Railway Company to repair
FolHom street along its car line, and di
recting the City and County Attorney to
| apply to the Attorney General to bring
■ proceedings against the company in case
it should fail to comply with the board's
order.
Bids for city lighting were opened as
follows: Mutual Electric Light Company,
, lighting City Hall, r.V 2 cents per 1000 watt
; hours; San Francisco Gas and Electric
Company, 5 cents for inside districts and
i 6 cents and 15 cents per 1000 watt hours
for outside districts.
Owing to the time given to considera
tion of the tax levy an adjournment was
taken without any transaction, of new
business.
PETITIONS RECEIVED.
The following petitions were received and
referred to the proper committees:
Merchants, Bub-contractors and material men
requesting that an extension of time be granted
to Bateman Bros. In which to complete their
contract tor the construction of the Hall or
Justice; Hugh Curran and others for sweeping
Montgomery street between Broadway and
Vallejo street; Mrs. M. Lester for abatement
of a nuisance created by the passage of a large
number of cows back and forth past her resi
dence on Mount Vernon avenue four times a
day; O. Welnhold for permission to erect a
shed for horses at corner of Lyon and Lom
bard streets; Hugh Keenan requesting sale to
him by the city of that unimproved land be
ginning at the southeast corner of Waller and
Scott streets, thence easterly on Waller street
63 feet, thence southwesterly 267.71 feet, thence
westerly 25 feet to Peon street, thence north
erly on Scott street 265 feet to point of begin
ning, and desiring to know what net price for
the same will be accepted; G. G. Burnett for
permission to extend windows of premises at
1428 Market street six Inches over building
line; Charles L Jennan for a arrant of land
in Mission block No. 175; Piedmont Paving
Company presenting and requesting payment
of a bill for $200 for a street assessment against
lot 4, block B, Peralta Heights. Oakland for
grading:, macadamizing, etc., East Eighteenth
street between Second and Fourth avenues
which property belonged to A. C. Wldber and
was included In an attachment suit brought
by the city and county against him; property
owners for permission to grade, sewer eto
Hartford street between Seventeenth and
Eighteenth; property owners for the lowering
of the sidewalk In front of promisee at 540.
643 644. MS and.fi« sixtb .-treet 6 Q that the
THE SA?4 FBANCIPCO CALT., TIIESDAT, SEPTEMBER 19. 1899.
WILL LEAVE THE STAGE
FOR SOCIETY'S WHIRL
911 IT AKIE BAH- ■
{ \\\ XA , the I
VI prima don- ■
5 na, Is to be I
y married this ■
3 evening to Frank I
> Rnssak, a very I
> wealthy Wall- ■
h Btreet banker and I
' broker. The cards I
' are issued in the ■
* name of her par- ■
' ents, Judge and I
I Mrs. A. M. Bar- ■
3 nard of this city, I
y but the wedding I
J will be held at the I
t Newport real- I
f dence of her inti- I
5 mate friends. Dr. I
y and Mrs. Squire.
? Marie Barnard I
t Irt't San Francisco I
r a dozen years ago I
-, to win vocal hon- I
> ois. and in that I
? short time became I
t one of the top- I
£ most roses on the I
3 topmost branch. I
y Under the stage I
j name of Marie I
y Barna she sang In I
3 grand opera on I
> both continents. I
At the last Wag- I
y ncr festival at I
Bayreutta she was I
y chosen by Mad- I
.< ame Wagner as I
I the greatest living I
P interpreter of the I
3 \\agnerian roles. I
3 Three years ago I
>■ Miss Barnard I
) married Mr. I
V Smith, the pub- I
j lisher of Boston. I
*■ They started to I
? tour the world, I
\ but suddenly re- I
P turned to Am. r- I
3 lea. Miss Barnard I
X immediately aft- I
3 ci ward secured a I
divorce. She had I
P never taken her I
3 husband's name.
\ Marie Barnard I
> declares her In- I
tontion of leaving I
' the stage in the I
height of her trl- I
' iimjihs. As Mrs.
r Frank Russak she will take her place in the social whirl of New York. Mr.
5 K'issak has built a magnificent brownstone mansion at 19 East Sixty-fifth
y street for his bride, where they will entertain extensively.
5 The wedding is to be one of the social events of the season at Newport.
V over 400 guests participating. The bride's dress is of real duchesse lace and
J white merveilleux satin, embroidered with pearls. Her solitary ornament, a
beautiful diamond collar, is the gift of the groom. (
p Mr. and Mrs. Jack Shainwald of Chicago are the only members of the
H bride's family who will be at the wedding. Her father's delicate health made i
y it impossible for her mother and younger sister to be present.
ilde; property owners In the wholesale district
: fine street and east of Kearny street
ting that provision be made In the tax
levy for l*>99-ntvo for an appropriation of *.'
pay half the cost of pavln« streets in that
district; Federation of Mission Improvement
i'luV.s for the setting aside of a sufficient sum
Improvement of Holly Park; property
owners for the paving In front of th<-ir property
in California Btreet between M ntgomei
Kearny with \s 1 blocks, provided one
the cost Is bonn t 1 the city and ■■ untj ; lyuis
Muller for - int of land in the Western Ad
dltlon; Qulmbj .v- Harrelson requesting tha:
iperlntendent of Streets be authorized to
i-ntor int.. a contract with them for that por
tlon of the work of grading and constructing
er in the crossing ol Kansas and Hix
if-enth street?, for which the city Ir HaK.
a cort not to exceed $112: same for permission
on behalf of property owners !■■ grade and con
struct a sewer by private contract in Kansas
street between FtKhteenth and Nineteenth
streets; same requesting that the Superinten
dent of Streets !■« authorized to enter into a
contract with them for that portion of the
work of construct lne plank sidewalks at cross-
Ing of San Bruno avenue and Sixteenth street,
for which the city Is liable at a cost not to
exceed $1* °3: same requesting that the Super
intendent 01 Btreets be authorized to enter
into 1 contract with them for that portion of
•!.- work of grading of Kansas street between
Eighteenth and Nineteenth streets for which
■ • y is liable at a cost not to exceed $1M;.
also to construct v pewe.r In Knnßas street be
tween Eighteenth and Nineteenth, cost not ti>
exceed $!^7: same, for permission on behalf of
j roperty owners to construct plank sidewalks,
etc., at crossing of San Bruno avenue and Six
teenth street, also to construct plank sidewalks.
it crossing of Kansas and Eighteenth
streets; Gray Brothers for an extension of
SHE PASSES HER DAYS
CHAINED TO THE WALL
Strange Life of Amelia
Tarentino, a Child
of Feeble Mentality*
! T N the basement of a Rmnll house at
I 51 Jessie street, between First and
I Second, there is a child of 8 years
, chained t" the walL Her name Is
' Amelia Tarentlno, and the light of rea-
> son has never entered her brain. Fee
, ble of mind find destructive by an ir
> remediable propensity of nature, shi>
crawls up and down on the floor, lik-s
! some uncanny and unclassified animal.
; The child grovels In the dirt, devour
> ing the filth that lies within her reach.
? Strange Hounds Issue from her mouth,
' and her face to twisted and contorted
( J in Ugly grimaces. Being of a destruct
', ive bent, her mother has chained her
? to the wall, allowing about five feet of
5 tether to the child, -who spends the
hours of daylight cuddled up in a cor
-5 ncr or groping about for something to
, pifll and tear.
Mrs. Tarantlno has been In San
5 Francisco but. a single week. Her
former home was Texas, where she
5 lived and raised her family, which
> consists of five children of graduated
ages. The girl is not the only feeble
-5 minded member of the family. A boy,
Joseph Tarentino, suffers from the
5 same mental malady, and he has been
before the Insane Commissioners of
» this city. As is natural with such
, abnormities of nature, the physique of
' both boy and girl is stunted, but the
{ boy had not evinced any of the vio-
ninety days' time from September 30 on their
contract to macadamize Army street from Do
lores to Church streets.
COMMUNICATIONS RECEIVED.
The following communications were received:
City Engineer reporting that the cost of
grading. r> laying curbs, etc., "n Spear street
between Mission and Howard would be
$5075, and that the eosi of grading and laying
new curbs and I vlth no allow
ance foi old curl.-, i locks, .-t.-.. wmil 1 be
Inderx nd< nt El< ti Ie Light and Power
any submitted a iiagram and descrip
• underground work to he done by said
company, covering one mile ol Mn.pt. Ban
-•■' and San Mateo Electric Railway
my stating that a new bridge must 1
ipan the .- mthem Pacific Com-
Pan; ■. . ■ •■ • • , a d near Mount
Vernon avenue, and • ting that the mat
ter be referred t'. the City Kngineer.
PROTESTS !::.:■ kiyed.
The following prote.-r« were received and re
ferred to the proper committees: Property
owners against the proposed work of paving
and constructing a sewer, etc, on Twenty
fli'th street between Howard and Shot well
streets; property-owners npalnst the pavlni?
eic., of f'nmberlatvl street h^twepn Guerrero
fin.! Dolores; property- wners !mairi«t any
of grade H t Twenty first and Sanchez
streets from thai established by orders No
1977 :ind 2198; J. M. Marshall, deputy quarter
master general, U. S. A., against any further
excavation on Van Ness avenue north of Hay
strut, such w..rk having already damaged the
Port Mason reservation, and requesting that
he be notifle.l before action is taken on any
application ; r such work.
Pn rests were received from majority pron.
erty-ownerK againFt paving Baker street
lent rharaotpristics of the piri. Ac
cording to the mother, thf other mem
bers of the family possess sound
minds.
The Tarentlnos live In three Stuffy,
dingy rooms, where the signs of squal
or and dire poverty are on every hand.
"I support my fnmily of five children,"
paid Mrs. Tarentino yesterday after
noon, "by working out. The little one,
Amelia, is feeble-minded, and as she
destroys everything she puts her handa
on I had to chain her up. At night
I wash her and put her to bed, and
she Bleeps roundly until mornins, but
when daylight comes it is necessary to
chain her to the wall so that she may
not do any damage. In Texas she de
stroyed furniture of mine valued at
$200.
"For the last two years I have tried
to place her In a home for the feeble
minded, but without success. I am a
poor woman and support my family by
the work of my own hands. When I
am out earning bread for the children
between Tost and Geary; Elliott Park between
Stabler an<J Pierce streets, and grading of
San Bruno avenue between Mariposa and Eigh
teenth streets, thus postponing any further
action in the matter for six months.
Monday afternoon. September 2T>, was set
for the time for hearing of protests against
the construction of a sewer in Grant avenue.
and the same time was decided on for the
hearing of the protest against the construc
tion of a sewer in Garden avenue between
Devisadero and Broderick streets to connect
with the sev, er In Devisadero street.
The protest of property-owners against the
proposed construction of a six-foot sidewalk
on the west side of 1 >olores street was sus
tained; protest of M. ivnnor against the pro
posed artificial stone sidewalk in front of 280
Tenth rtrcet was sustained.
STRKKT WORK RECOMMENDED.
The Superintendent of Streets recommended
the performance of the following street work:
Paving roadway of Filbert street, between
Dupont and Kearny. with cobbles; granite
curbs on Alabama street, between Twenty
fourth and Tweßty-flfth, bitumen pavement;
easterly aide of Folsom, between Fourteenth
and Fifteenth, bitumen sidewalk: southerly
line of Harrison street, between Eighth and
Ninth, bitumen sidewalks; southeasterly line
of Market street. between Thirteenth ami
Dolores, bitumen sidewalk; Ninth street, be
tween Harrison and Bryant, artificial stone
sidewalks; Stolner street, between Bills and
O'Farrell, artificial stone sidewalks: same on
southerly line of Vallejo street, between Fill
more and Steiner: bitumen sidewalks on Bry
ant street, between Eighth and Ninth; Bos
wortii street, between Mission and Marsilly,
eight-inch sewrr, with manholes, etc. ; also sew
ers, culverts, etc., in crossing of Bosworth
and Marsilly street* ; sewers In Bosworth street,
between Marsilly and Cuvler; artificial stone
sidewalks and bitumen pavement at the four
angular corners of the crossing of Hayes and
Clayton streets, with cesspool, culverts, etc.;
artificial stone sidewalk on Sumner street, be
tween Howard and Clementina; bitumen side
walks iii KiK'litli street, between Bryant and
Brannan; grading of Eighteenth avenue, be
tween southerly line of h street and southerly
line of 1 street, together with redwood curbs,
macadamizing roadway and sidewalks.
ACCEPTANCE <>F STREET WORK.
The Superintendent of Streets recommended
the full in ptance of the following streets:
Pacific avenue, from Devisadero to Broderick
streets, bitumen; same crossing of Broderick,
bitumen; same, Broderick to Baker, bitumen;
Frederi'-k street, Clayton to Cole, basalt; Ala
bama street. Twenty-second to Twenty-third,
bitumen; Fourteenth street, Dolores to Market,
bitumen; Filbert street, Broderick to Baker,
basalt and bitumen.
The Superintendent of Streets also recom
mended the conditional acceptance of the fol
lowing street work: Kearny Btreet, Vallejo to
Green, bitumen: Howard alley. i;rwn to Union,
bitumen; Howard alley, southerly termination.
bitumen.
The Superintendent of Streets recommended
that extensions of time of sixty days be grant
ed to Flinn & Treacy on their contract to
pave Central avenue, crossing Haight, and
ninety days to M. C. Hogan on his contract
to grade, etc.. Sixth avenue south, between
L and X streets south.
J. DE LA MONTANYA
CALLED BY DEATH
Prominent Merchant of This City
Dies at His Home at a Ripe Old
Age.
James do la Montanya, a prominent
merchant of this city, passed quietly
away last night at his residence, 1524 j
Taylor street. He was surrounded by his
family during the last hours. The de
ceased lived to a rii >•■ old age, being 80 I
years old at the time of his death. Dur- j
ing his lifetime he won the esteem of
his fellow miTi by his courtesy and in- i
tegrity. For the post forty years he had
been engaged tn the Importing of stoves
and ranges and his large business occu
pies an imposing building which he bad
erected at tiofi and 608 Battery street.
Mr. de la Montanya was a native of
New York, where he was born on July
]2, IM'.'. His father. Captain John de !a
Montanya. was a native "f that State and
served as captain in the War of IM2. The
deceased conducted a hardware store in
the metropolis for s : \ years prior to com
ing to California in 1850. Becoming i-on
vinced that the Pacific Coast had a
bright future, he shipped his stock to
San Francisco and came by way of the
isthmus. < >ti arriving in this city he
opened a wholesale hardware business
which he had carried on successfully in
tin- same locality for over forty years.
Mr. de la Montanya was a member of
the I. O. O. F.. the Pioneers and other
well-known organizations. He leaves a
widow and two children to mourn his
loss.
. ♦ .
MR. DUNPHY'S WIFE.
C. M. Dunphy, an armless man, railed
upon United States Attorney Onomhs yes
terday and complained that his wife was
collecting his pension from the Govern
ment and not allowing him any "pin
money." He said he had been obliged to
beg a shave on more than one occasion
: by reason of the parsimony of his better
| half. His pension Is $](V) per month, and
he received it because he, lost his arms on
the Hartford under Farragut.
Mr. Coombs sent a letter to Mrs. Dun
i phy notifying her that it was illegaJ for
her to collect her husband's pension, and
i that she would be punished if she repeat
■ ed the offense.
The Authorities Discover
a Queer Case of Mental
Disease on Jessie Street.
my eldest rtaußhter looks out for Ame
lia and takes care of her. My hushand
lives in Texas, but we were divorced,
and he has done nothing for me In the
way of their support. He was mad
with religious fervor and thought of
nothing hut church affairs, considering
the awful fate of his children as a vis
itation of divine Providence.
"I would be. happy if the children
could be placed in some home where
they would be properly cared for. I
must provide for all, and It is hard
with this poor girl, who cannot receive
the proper attention."
Superintendent Holbrook of the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children heard of the case, and he is
now laboring to secure a home for the
demented Tarentlnos at the Glen Ellen
Asylum.
Sale's.
our neckwear buyer spent
a whole week in New York
with the designers of our
fall styles ; and now we give over this entire
week to showing it ; '" t ~~ ~~~
handsome creations in zephyr ginghams
a thousand patterns: 2500 yards good quality, 32 Inches
.'*■■■-. , , , wide, in stripes and check patterns,
StOCKS and boWS andllight colors; a little of it slightly
Jabots from 25c to $12. a^
see window display
A . . . .... pillow cases
moderate-priced millinery 200 dozen heavy quality musim,
don't get the idea that because we with two-inch hem; size 45x36; a
have the swellest pattern hats, that case for less than you can buy the
command good prices, because they material for 7 1-Uc
are worth it, that we haven't me-
dium priced goods; we can supply . , , , •- j" ?
the most modest want; just to give COflllOriaDie COmfOrtS
you an idea, we put on sale to-day .
the following: " oozen comforters for three-quar-
-200 "Gretna" hats, a ladies' ready- l^i" sed5 ed size: dark covering; shoddy
to-wear felt fedora, in brown, navy. ', -« r ( '-" Quality; to close
cardinal, green, blue and black. with them out tne >' are on sale at ...
ribhon band trimming ! Sltle " 'in" V h' i ' ' ' ' y,;,7 '. ' '^VkolSe-co^
?00 nf n fur folt h'll Ihr ti.il.s full-size silk. >li r.e-cov-
",;i;;-;; f - n i ! : vi bia ( c 1 k. hrown . ?oasto- ere< ? comforters; wool-knotted; cot-
navy. Kreen. gray, royal and eg^^JJ"^ Bfeui^SSJf^lJ
brown, navy, green, gray and car^^lSii XlT^n^lne'f^
W0 demi-osWch "pVume;; regularly gg!^ si(l(S ' 1
sold at 75c"and $1.00 made a special, down comforters figuTed
to-day and until sold for 40 / sateen covered- lie-ht 3 fliifft-
-800 bunches soft cogue feathers, in a 1 \ ee h nc : nered - .2P5? and fl uff> .
all colors bunch r,O| BtltclI ~ :
pretty quills, in all the popular 66x72 inches §'»- o °
fall shades -*<• nches $6.00
<2xiB inches $7.00
war on waists L, , .
time now to get all our waists out DI2.fi K6IS
how w 'wn, 'do faH gO ° dS ' here ' S ! rm Pairs of wool medium gray
how we will do it. blankets, with fancy striped border;
15 dozen waists that were 50c^cut new goods just from the mills:
VU ™ r ; man 2'in «-K«rs JJg £3&» V .s£ B'gS
16 dozen waists that sold for $1 25 TWI-IShS pa r J«.OO
and $1.50 cut to sOc '- xBb lncnes P air •>'»•"»
18 dozen waists that sold for $1.75 also about 100 sample pairs white
and $2 cut to 7."»o and gray blankets in a varied range
of prices; all marked at great re-
wrannprs ranned hard auctions: some of the white bian-
wrapp*R> rappeu raiu kets show effects of handling.
fall styles are coming in: these
summer wrappers must move out:
25 dozen ladies' percale wrappers {^sJS^C^^ 'Iff/ s>
trimmed, cut to OSe /fflf -^ "^^
15 dozen ladies' fine percale wrap- | '* eg t^^*f®Ol> GOOt^^-^
pers, all finely braid-trimmed and "^
some with full flounces, all desirable' 935 937 j 939 > 941 943 945 947
•patterns, sold for $1.75 and up to
$2.50, cut to close at * l .!>s Market Street.
RUSS IS NOT
A CANDIDATE
FOR MAYORALTY
Dark Horse Is Still in
Grooming Quarters.
A HUNT FOR SUPERVISORS
DEMOCRATS DESIRE TO EXCLUDE
OLD-TIME OFFICE-SEEKERS.
Iroquois Club Resolution May Pro
voke a Big Row in the
Democratic Con
vention.
To-night the Republican Convention's
committee on permanent organization
and order of business will meet at the
Grand Hotel. It is probable that a plan
of business proceeding will be adopted.
Henry B. Russ, ex-Supervisor and man
ager of the Russ estate, is not a candi
date for the nomination of Mayor. He is
not the real thing as a "dark horse," and
is not the one that the leaders of the
Republican League have in mind for the
race. When Mr. Russ was spoken to yes
terday on the topic of his proposed can
didacy, he remarked:
"I am not a candidate for Mayor and
would not accept the nomination if the
convention nominated me. Yes, several
delegates to the convention have men
tioned the subject and inquired of me if
1 would accept, but I told them that I
was not a candidate and would not under
any circumstances agree to run. My
business affairs render it impossible for
me to engage in politics at this time."
When it was suggested to Mr. Russ that
Zenas U. Dodge desired to bring him for
ward as a candidate, the former said:
"Mr. Dodge did not speak to me on the
subject." The question was asked: "Did
Henry T. Scott suggest your acceptance
of the nomination?" To this inquiry ~j.r.
Rosa replied: "Yes, Mr. Scott spoke to
me, suggesting that I should be a candi
date, but 1 toid him that I could not take
the time from my business which the
duties of the office would demand. I feel
extremely grateful for the newspaper and
personal comment, but my acceptance of
any political office this year is out of the
question."
At the Democratic fountain of inspira
tion the assertion is made in a positive
manner that the Republican "dark horse"
was trotted out in the person of Mr.
Russ, but at the headquarters of the
Republican .League the story is told that
the real "dark horse" is young in years
and full of spirit and go. The knowing
ones say: "Wait for a day or two for the
grooming, and you will see the winner
of the race."
No doubt seven or eight names will be ;
presented to the league caucus September !
28. Many Republictins believe that Hor- ]
ace Davis Is the strongest man men
tioned. Others asert that Captain John !
Uermingham would make an excellent
candidate. The advocates of youth speak !
of George Newhall, Henry J. Crocker and
Judge Slack. John Lackraann, who Is fre
quently mentioned as the leading candi
date for Sheriff, is being urged to run for '
Assessor. Before the campaign for nomi
nations draws to a close the popular
Supervisor may be pressed to run lor i
Mayor.
The Democrats are not making much
headway in the pursuit of acceptable men
for the Supervisorial ticket. A special |
effort to exclude old fossils is recom
mended to the committee of seven.
According to inside gossip, there is no !
intention of turning down old men other !
than those who are old in officeholding. |
Men are wanted whose names are not !
constantly l>efore the public. The seven !
Democrats who are charged with the duty j
of discovering eighteen first-class men ,
encounter obstacles at every meeting, j
Common fairness und good politics re- j
quire them to consider the names pre
sented by the various district delegations,
but when the obscure and untried are ;
excluded few remain but the old-timers of ,
the political arena. A well-known Demo- I
cratic leader remarked: "The stomach of I
the public revolts at the old dose. Young
men are not specially sought for, but j
modern men whose names have not been
before every convention of the past j
twenty years are wanted, and it is no
easy task to persuade them to give a
little time to the service of the city."
The row precipitated by the Iroquois
braves in demanding the scalp of every
gold Democrat may cause Fred Baldwin
to lose the nomination for County Clerk.
His name was signed to the resolution
characterizing the gold Democrats as
men who sacrificed principle for profit.
It Is said by the Democratic advocates
of sound money that L. F. Bylngton. who
Hales.
presided at the famous council of the
Iroquois, did not brighten his political
prospects when ho gave countenance to
the raid.
The Iroquois braves who are contempt
uously termed "old squaws and pie hunt
ers" will insist that the men who de
sert* d Bryan in 1896 shall be excluded
frnm the Democratic municipal ticket.
The bravea, or "squaws," insist that the
25.000 Democrats of San Francisco -^ho
voted for silver in 1896 shall direct the
affairs of the party. The followers of
Bryan talk of open revolt in the cvnt
of recognition by the convention of any
Democrat who gave his support to Mc-
Kinley in the last Presidential election.
Send the SUNDAY CALL to
your friends abroad — wrapped
ready for mailing, 5c per copy.
A Reply to Mark Twain.
Mark Twain's article on the Jews, pub
lished in a September periodical, will re
ceive the attention of Rabbi M. S. Levy
this morning. He purposes replying to
the distinguished author during the Tab
ernacle services to be held in the Geary
street temple at 11 o"clock to-day.
fOOKS
Vr IN
THREE
HBNUTES
i
18. jkA.ASJui.tt Ji Jrbi nßfl^ilwrffli PHI
A Week FREE l€ §
Treatment and Medicine §
FOR :s \\c^>
Catarrh, Deafness, s |a@
NOISES IN EARS %^ff
AND THROAT DISEASES f|>"? / 5i
GIVEN to show the superior ,3 ;
merit of my new INVENTIONS^ #ij3k
and ANTISEPTIC treatment, W !i£s3m
that gives marvelous cures Sttv |j»
even after other treatments §1 •
fail. So easy a child can use vi
It: 2000 test cases, over ! '' per m • JssSMt>
cent cured. Hundreds. of in- |iS^||gHK?^
dorsements. But the best way frgs>^-?«l*^ J
is to try it and be convinced while you can
FREK ' Write for literature or call at once
for FREE TREATMENT.
DR. COTTINGHAM,
632 Market St., opp. Palace Hotal.
Hours— 9-12 a. m.. 1-3 and 7-8 p. m.
1 1 visit OR JORDAN'S great A
,'MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
A ££ 10511UBEETST.tet.6±S7th,S.r.Cd. A
T Cjf The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
t I m*3F^P*%. World - WeaSne-ses or any contracted *
flßr «W disease positively cared by the oldest W
9 Igal Specialist en the Co«t. list 36 year*. #
A &WJII OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES $
\ W^ttttDa _<-o^su"*tion free and strictly private V
iM^Sli OR- JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES A
\8 7 » H "*■'»« Curt in e»ery case undertaken. W
Aril Wit 1 w 'iit(»f ii«t,PHiLos«n>iiYtf i
f' jj I) MAIIBIAGK, MAILED FREE. IA 9
A fl ||, valuable book for mrnj ! \
. f OR JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. F. V
GOLDEN WEST BOTTLING WORKS.
Bottlers of— '
ANHEUSER-BUSCH BEERS
Goods delivered to any p art ot the dtr
Phone. ,«,. „» • -tF.