VOLUME LXXXYI-NO. 148.
COLORED REPORTS CONCERNING
THE SOUTH AFRICAN WAR
While the Boers Continue to Close in on
Mafeking and Ladysmith the British War
Office Conceals the True Condition of
Affairs.
England Has Already Paid Very Dearly in Loss of Life Among
Troops for Her Alleged Victories in Natal, but the Indications
Are That the Greatest Battle of the War Is Now Hourly
Expected
NEW YORK, OoL 25. — A World special from London says: The general British situation in
South Africa is far more serious, according to the World London correspondent's information,
than the rigorously censored dispatches published here would indicate. The proclamation of
President Steyn of the Orange Free State annexing the northern section of Cape Colony has ex
cited only derision here, but the World's correspondent is in a position to state it has a very
grave import
The Cape Dutch In the annexed territory have already risen in arms against the British
Government, and President Steyn's proclamation is intended to relieve them from the conse
quences of their revolt.
This is the first symptom of a race war in Cape Colony, which has been strenuously de
clared impossible by Mr. Chamberlain and the jingoes, but regarded by all sane men as a sure
outcome of the attack on the independence of the Transvaal.
British High Commissioner Milner has issued a counter proclamation warning the Cape
Dutch in the disaffected region that President Steyn's proclamation is of no effect in relieving them
of their allegiance to the British crown. The War Office here has been advised that this is a se
rious development, and the War Board had a prolonged sitting to-day to decide upon military
measures to be adopted in case of a general rising of the Cape Dutch.
The gravity of the situation here is indicated by the measures taken to suppress all news
respecting it in the press here.
It can easily be imagined that the Boers will be greatly encouraged by the knowledge that
the men of their race in Cape Colony have begun to take up arms for their cause.
The other great peril is native intervention in the war. Those familiar with the native
races of South Africa are convinced the effect of Milner's proclamation to the Basutos will be to
incite them to attack the Free State, and that it could have been devised for no other purpose.
It is a matter of supreme importance to the British authorities in the face of a revolt
within Cape Colony to secure a diversion by setting the Basutos against the Free Staters, thus
preventing an effective junction between the Free Staters and the revolted Cape Dutch.
LONDON, Oct. 26.— The Daily Telegraph publishes this dispatch from its special corre
spondent:
KIMBERLEY, Sunday (by dispatch rider to Hopetown, Tuesday).— Klifdam and Windsor
town are occupied by small parties of Boers. The latter village executed formal surrender and
speeches were made. Gert, a burgher and a member of the Second Transvaal Volksraad, told
the inhabitants that a landrosst would be appointed. Martial law was proclaimed. Magistrate
Harmsworth is a prisoner.
LONDON, Oct. 26— With unconscious
humor a * 'ai>e Town correspondent
sterday: "The cen
which is always a deli
cate matter, Is working smoothly
and without a hitch."
This exactly hits off the state of affairs
to-day. An ominous veil is still drawn
over the movements of General Sir
• wart White and General Yule.
:.il belated Ladysmith dispatches
concerning the Elands Laagte fight,
which are still filtering in, the British
public is left In complete darkness and to
cture over "cooked" War Office dls
. B is nf tht- War < tfflce
Id that very few dispat
arrived :'na that nothing further
was to be expected until morning.
Since It is practically certain that Gen
eral Yule has now affected a Junction
with General although this was
not brought about Tuesday night, as an
nounced by the Dally Mail, but some time
on "Wednesday — and as both are now in a
position of safety, conjecture concerns
itself chiefly with the manner of General
Yule's retreat. That it was hasty is evi
dent. Was it disorderly? Was any con
siderable camp equipment abandoned?
Was there any lighting on the way?
Such qutKtions and others like them the
public is anxiously asking. Since the re
ceipt of General White's curious first de
scription < f the Ladysmlth fight, in which
the British lost a hundred men, little re
liance can be placed on the official dls
patchos. While the concealment of the
tacts regarding General Yule's retreat can
be amply justified on the ground of keep
ing the Intelligence from the Boers, the
hiding of the news respecting the Hussars
and Fuslleera, who were apparently cap
tured in the battle of Glencoe, is severely
criticized, no intimation even having been
given that the officers were missing.
The heavy losses of the British troops
in facing only some 8000 Boers are com
mented upon as what the rifle means to
day In the hands of even undisciplined
men .who can shoot fairly straight and
stand their ground. Comparisons are
made with the first employment of the
magazine rifle in the Hispano-American
war, and it Is considered that the Ameri
can losses at El Canay and San Juan
would have been much heavier if tho
Spaniards had doggedly stood their
ground like the Boers.
General Sir Hedvers Buller is expected
FIGHTING AS REPORTED BY
LIEUTENANT GENERAL WHITE
LOXDOX Oct. S.-Qeneral White telegraphed to the War Office from Rletfontein, under date of October 24 savin*
that in the fighting near I^dysmlth twelve of the British force were killed and eighty-nine wounded and 'that five arf
missing, the casualties being: mostly among: the Gloucester Regiment.
A special dispatch from Cape Town, dated 9:10 this morning, says there has been another battle at Ladvsmith. and
that the Boers were repulsed. The British casualties were placed at four killed and seven wounded, all rank and fUe
this Ztltrnow- evening made public the following dispatch sent by General White from Ladysmith at" 3:50
"The advance guard of the forces sent out by me this morning to get in touch with and help General Tule^s column
was within three miles of that column, which has temporarily halted at Sunday River about noon. I have occupied aU
the Btrong positions on the road to Ladysmith and I have no further anxiety about them. I have received from Lleuten
ant Ktndriek. signaling officer of the Queen's Regiment, who has ridden in. and also from Colonel Partnell of the Na
tal police, who commanded the column, the best account of the spirits and efficiency of the troops, who are anxious to
meet the enemy again.
The San Francisco Call.
to arj-lve at the Cape early next work,
and the indications are that some troops
have already arrived at the front and
been in the fighting whose arrival ha? not
yet been announced. There is every
probability, therefore, that reinforcements
are now moving up. This is calculated
to hasten Commandant General Joubert's
attack on Ladysmith, and news of a big
battle is- daily expected.
About half a complete army corps ia
now afloat and a lull has occurred in ills
patching the remainder of General Bul
ler's forces, owing to some difficulty in
obtaining troops. The mobilization and
embarkation of 21.000 men, however, have
proceeded with the utmost smoothness
and completeness, extorting admiration
from even the severest critics of War
Office organization.
Although Dews hns arrived that General
Sir William Perm Symons is doing well,
there is no indication of his whereabouts.
Ir la presumed that he is at Dundee in
the hands of the Boers.
Speaking at Dublin yesterday to the de
parting troops. General Lord Frederick
Roberts of Kandahar said that however
important previous campaigns in South
Africa had appeared at the time, they
: dwindled into insignificance when com
! pared with the gretat event in which the
British troops were about to engage.
Among the touching Incidents of the
field is related that of Captain Peyton of
the Manchester Regiment, who was
wounded, at Elands Laagte. He says the
wounded had to lie on the field through
out the bitter cold night drenched by the
rain. One man in his regiment placed his
I arms around Captain Peyton through the
whole night to give him the warmth of
his body.
It appears that the Gordon Highlanders
and the Manchesters bore themselves
with reckless courage. To this was due
the fact that they suffered so heavily.
The former wa-s keen to wipe out the in
sults leveled at them after Majuba by the
• . who taunted them with being Saf
in in kilts.
The Times publishes a dispatch from
Nauwpoort, Cape Colony, saying it Is ru
: mored among the Dutch there that Presl
, dent Steyn received £50,000 for inducing
' the Orange Free State to join the Trans
vaal.
New and stringent orders were promul
gated yesterday with reference to the de
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1899.
ff>n<=r-s at Gibraltar. Tho privilege Eng
lishmen have hitherto had of entering the
gate without a pass Is temporarily sus
pended. Nobody is allowed to enter or in
spect the batteries. Even the famous St.
Michaels Cave is closed because it is re
quired for the storage of arms and am
munition. For months sappers and min
ers have been engaged in construction of
now and powerful batteries, and It is be
lieved that the garrison will be aug
mented.
THIRTY HUSSARS ESCAPE,
LONDON. Oct. 20.— A dispatch to the
Dally Telegraph from Ladysmith, dated
Monday, says:
'■Thirty of the Eighteenth Hussars, who
were sf-nt from C.lenroe to intercept the
retreat of the Boers from Elands Laagte,
were cut off by the enemy. I'ndor Ser
geant Baldrey they brilliantly fought
their way across the Biggarsberg, the
enemy pursuing and firing at them at a
range of 300 yards along the passes. They
arrived here at 10 o'clock this morning.
Three of the troop are missing owing to
the breakdown of their horses. The
f. ers used a Maxim. A lieutenant of the
Hussars with a party was driven back to
Glencoe. The Hussars were fired at as
far down as Modersprult."
VILJOEN A PRISONER.
LADYSMITH, Oct. 25.— Evening (de
layed in transmission)— Boer artillery is
shelling Dundee and the former British
camp. Our troops are now occupying an
entrenched camp. The Boer artillery ia
filing at very long range and the shells
;.re ineffective. Communication with
Dundee is severed. The Boer wounded
and prisoners are still coming in and the
former are receiving every attention.
General Viljoen Is wounded and a pris
oner.
TORONTO'S CONTINGENT.
TORONTO, Ontario, Oct. 25.— The mem
bers of the Toronto contingent for the
Transvaal, 125 strong, reinforced by a
like number from the London district, left
to-day for Quebec. The Mayor had pro
claimed a half-holiday and the citizens
turned out in force to give tho soldiers
a royal send-off. They marched through
the principal streets in the presence of
cheering thousands to the station and
expect to sail from Quebec on Tuesday
next.
Pictorial Map of the Scene of the War in Natal, Showing the Movements of the Boer and
British Forces, as Told in General Sir George Stewart White's Latest Reports.
KILLED ,WOUNDED OR
CAPTURED BY BOERS
Losses as Officially Reported by the
British War Office Since War
Began in the Transvaal.
Casualties 597
Officers killed 18
Officers wounded 55
Men in ranks killed 76
Men in ranks wounded 435
Unaccounted for 13
Prisoners in hands of Boers 80
LONDON, Oct. s.— The War Office rtturns show that the total British casu
alties since the beginning of hostilities reach 597, eighteen officers having
been killed and fifty-five wounded, and seventy-six men killed and 435
wounded. There are thirteen unaccounted for. This lot, however, does not
Include the squadron of the Eighteenth Hussars, which went astray near
Dundee, and the officers of the Dublin Fuslleerß.
The report of heavy losses sent from Rietfontein came as an unpleasant sur
prise, as General White's telegram to the War Office yesterday gave the impres
sion that there was merely a brush.
The War Office this evening Issued the following:
There is nothing to add to General White's description of to-day's engage
ment, as given in his dispatch, except that we now learn of the following
casualties:
KILLED.
Colonel Wilford, First Glou
cester Begiment.
WOUNDED.
Lieutenant Hickey, Second
Battery, field artillery.
Lieutenant Douglass, Fifty
third Battery, field artillery.
Major Abdy, Lieutenant Per
reau, Lieutenant Hobart, First
Gloucester.
Lieutenant Holford, Nine
teenth Hussars.
The following casualties oc
curred among the non-com
missioned officers and men:
"We learn from official sources that the following officers, whose absence
had not been previously reported to us, are in the enemy's hands:
"Eighteenth Hussars— Lieutenant Colonel Moller, Major Greville and Captain
Pollock.
"Dublin Fusileers— Captain Tonsdale, Lieutenant Lemeaseurler, Lieutenant
Garvice, Lieutenant Grimshaw, Major Endie and Lieutenant Shore.
"It is presumed that the whole squadron of the Eighteenth Hussars, under
command of the officers named, were taken prisoners."
(A squadron of Hussars usually consist of three troops of twenty-eight men each,
bo about eighty officers and men of the Eighteenth Hussars are supposed to
have been captured.)
Nineteenth Hussars — Killed
1, wounded 2.
Fifth Lancers — Wounded 1.
Artillery — Wounded 5.
First Devonshire Regiment —
Killed 1, wounded 5.
First Gloucester Begiment —
Killed 5, wounded 52, miss
ing 7.
Natal Volunteers— Killed 1,
wounded 10.
Natal Mounted Bines —
Wounded 2.
Border Mounted Bines —
Killed 2, wounded 10.
The total number of casual
ties as corrected is: Killed 13,
wounded 93, missing 3.
REDHOT WAR TALK
IN HOUSE OF COMMONS
Michael Oavitt Resigns Kis Seat as a
Protest and Secretary Chamber
lain Makes Explanations.
LONDON, Oct. 25.— During the debate
on the second reading of the.appro
priation bill in the House of Com
mons to-day. James H. Dalzi'^l,
Liberal member for Kirkcaldy, ex-
pressed the opinion that one of tnu
greatest difficulties in arriving ai a settle
ment with President Kruger had been
CAPTAIN HOLDANE OF GORDON HIGHLANDERS.
This officer was wounded at Elands Laagle. (From a photogTaph fms
nlshed by a friend of the captain residing in San Jose.)
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
that, rightly or wrongly, the President
had believed Mr. Chamberlain, the Brit
ish Secretary for the Colonies, and Cecil
Rhodes wen- identical. He added that
Mr. Chamberlain had given grounds f>>r
this h.-'.ief by suppressing telegrams,
whereupon the Colonial Secretary tartly
Intervened, saj Ing:
'•I have never suppressed telegrams. I2
PRESIDENT PROCLAIMS
A DAY OF THANKSGIVING
WASHINGTON, Oct. 25.— The President to-day Issued the following proclamation:
"A national custom, dear to the hearts of the people, calls for tho setting apart of one day In each year
for special thanksgiving to Almighty God for the blessings of the preceding year. This honored observance ac
quires with time a tenderer significance. It enriches domestic life. It summons under the family roof the ab
sent children to glad reunion with those they love.
"Seldom ha.s this nation had greater cause for profound thanksgiving. No great pestilence has Invaded our shores.
. l employment waits upon labor. Abundant crops have rewarded the efforts of the husbandman. Increased com
forts have come to the home. The national finances have been strengthened and public credit has been sustained and
Eirmer. In all branches of industry and trade there has been an unequaled degree of prosperity, while -there has
been a steady pain in the moral and educational growth of our national character.
"Churches and schools, have flourished. American patriotism has been exalted. Those engaged in maintaining
nor of the flag with such signal success have been In a large degree spared from disaster and disease. An
honorable peace has been ratified with every power on earth.
"The trust which we have assumed for the benefit of the people of Cuba has faithfully advanced. There-Is marked
progro:-s toward the restoration of healthy industrial conditions, and, under wise sanitary regulations, the Island has
enjoyeci unusual exemption from the scourge of fever. The hurricane which swept over our new possession of Porto
Riro. destroying the homes and property of the inhabitants, called forth the instant sympathy of the people of the
United Btates, who were swift to respond with generous aid to the sufferers. While the insurrection still con
tinues in tho island of Luzon, business Is resuming Its activity and confluence in the good purposes of the United States
is being rapidly established throughout the archipelago.
"For these reasons and countless others, I, "William McKinloy, President of the United States, do name Thursday,
the 30th day of November next, as a day of general thanksgiving and prayer, to be observed as such by all our people
on this continent, and In our newly acquired islands, as well as by those who may be at sea, or sojourning in foreign
lands, and I advise that on this day religious exercises shall be conducted in the churches or meeting places of all de
nominations in order that in the social features of the day its real significance may not be lost sight of, but fervent
prayers may be offered to the Most High for a continuance of the divine guidance without which man's efforts are
vain, and for divine consolation to those whose kindred and friends have sacrificed their lives for our country.
"I recommend, also, that on this day, so far as may be found practicable, labor shall cea-se from its accustomed
tcil and charity abound toward the sick, the needy and the poor.
"In witness whereof, 1 have sot my hand and caused the seal of the United States to be affixed.
"WILLIAM McKINLET."
Map Showing the Eastern Part
of the lerritory Which Pres
ident Steyn's Proclamation
"nnexes to the Orange Free
Ftate.
This country was settled by the
P ers, who still form a large part
of the white population. It was
en from them and Included in
;my and Bochuanaland
I hips at various times
■ the discovery of its valuable
trees.
nave not got them." ■
Mr Chamberlain also denied that he
had refused to see Dr. Montague White,
the agent of the Transvaal, who, the
Colonial Secretary added, had never ap
plied for an audience.
The Speaker. William Court Gully, in
tervened at this juncture and declared
that all references to such matters were
out of order.
The pugnacious spirit animating the
public has reached the legislators. Apart
from the diversion created by Mr. Davitt
there was a lively scene in the House
between Gavin Brown Clark, Radical
member for Caithness, ex-agent of the
Transvaal, and Major Rasch, Conserva
tive member for the southeast division
of Essex. Mr. Clark denied Major Rascn's
6tatement that he (Clark) was in the
Boer camp at the time of the fight at
Majuba Hill, and characterized the as
sertion as a sample of the misrepresen
tation now prevailing.
Major Rasch promptly retorted that his
statement was made on the authority of
Mr. Clark himself, who told him so six
pears ago, adding if Mr. Clark again de
nied the statement he, the major, would
take the first opportunity of repeating
the statement to him outside of Parlia
ment, when he could take what steps he
liked.
Sir William Vernon Harcourt, the
former Liberal leader in the House, said
he desired to again call attention to the
provocation of the Secretary of State for
the Colonies (Mr. Chamberlain) during
the negotiations and in his speech at
Highbury.
Mr. Chamberlain replied, repudiating
the Intention to be provocative and saying
he only intended to be plain and free
from ambiguity. He added that he only
followed in the negotiations the princi
ples observed by all statesmen during the
past ten or twenty years. There was a
time, he explained, when diplomacy was
regarded as given to -statesmen to enable
With Heavy Head, Dull, Red
Eyes, He Awakes From
s^\ a Feverish,
( ) Restless
V>sf Night. All
■ B All
(( \ illwsl»V,Lj condition of
• h e a'-r- t,
' \&p heavy, dull eyes, means
*^fej3£ j the beginning of nervous
disorder — Neurasthenia.
HUDYAN will help you. Don't take any-
thing else— Just take HUDYAN.
Notice the figures. No. 1 means palpita-
tion of heart; No. 2 tells of headaches;
No. 3 shows hollow eyes and dark rings
under eyes; No. 4 may be paleness or
emaciation; No. 5 is impaired digestion,
Your best plan will be to get a package
of HUDYAN from your druggist. Read
the directions. HUDYAN gives different
results to different people. HUDYAN acts
peculiarly.
Druggists sell HUDYAN, 50c a package;
six packages, $2 50. If your druggist does
not keep it, send direct to HITDYAN
REMEDY COMPANY, corner Stockton,
Ellis and Market streets, San Francisco,
Cal.
CONSULT HUDYAN DOCTORS-
FREE. CALL OR WRITE.
LONDON. Oct. 25.— Michael Da
vltt. Irish Nationalist member for
South Mayo, announced In the
House of Commons to-day that he
would resign to-morrow, as a pro
test against the Boer war. Mr.
Davttt dt-nounced the jingo press,
and said that the war " for the
meanest and most mercenary aims
would be known as the greatest
crime of the century. He declared
that if he had been offered home
rule and an Irish republic he would
not have accepted them If accom
panied by the condition that he
vote for the war. As a protest, he
would ask to be relieved from at
tendance in the^House. He had
been In the House for five years
trying to obtain Justice for Ire
land, and he left it convinced that
"no cause of justice and right
would have the support of the
House unless backed by force." Mr.
Davitt's resignation was something
of a coup do theatre, as the Pall
Mall Gazetu- says that some time
ago he told his Intimate friends
that he would take the lirst oppor
tunity of retiring from Parliament.
It is understood that Mr. Davitt
Will return to Ireland and devote
himself to literary and journalistic
work.
them tr> conceal their thoughts. That
might fairly be called the "old diplo
macy," which, he said. "I absolutely re
pudiate. People," he continued, "are en
titled to demand a clear exprc=Fi"ii of
views, and there was never the slightest
justification for the statement that Presi
dent Kruger had been in doubt."
Mr. Chamberlain then said: "Our ob- i
jects. methods and determination were to i
carry out these plans. It was neces- j
sary to Impress upon President Kruger
the seriousness of the step he was called i
upon to take and the consequences which ;
would follow any mistake on his part. It i
was not desirable to Include In an offi
cial dispatch collateral suggestions and
Indications of opinion, but semi-official
warning was frequently conveyed in a
speech. A similar warning was given by
Lord Salisbury to the Sultan at the Gulld
hali banquet and I am still absolutely
unrepentant."
Regarding Mr. Davitt Mr. Chamberlain
bald he recognized that he had hlthertG
discussed the matter moderately and sin
cerely, "and," he added, "I would pay ;
the greatest attention to hlB arguments !
if I did not know he would use precisely ■■
the same arguments In regard to any \
British war, which are based on his en- j
mity to England.
"What would have been the Irish ar- j
gument in the Spanish-American war, in |
which Spain showed herself infinitely les3
capable of defending herself than the
Transvaal "
Here William Redmond, Parnelllte i
member for East Clare, shouted: "The I
Transvaal did not blow- up your war
ships."
Mr. Chamberlain continued: "The great, I
almost determining contest between the i
United States and Spain, was fought j
without the loss of a single American.
We have never denied that the Transvaal
was a foeman worthy of our steel. Not
only was the disparity In the forces in the
Spanish-American war as great as those
now engaged, but the contention of the
United States and their right of interfer
ence arose from the fact that at the
same distance from their territories there
was oppression, not of American citizens
but of another race and people, and justi
fied the intervention of the United States
in the mind of the civilized world, or at
any rate, in the eyes of Englishmen and \
Irishmen. But we are interfering in be- :
half of our own people. It Is perfectly
certain that Mr. Davitt, but for his hatred
of England, would sympathize with us as
he did with America."
Mr. Chamberlain then replied to the
criticism of his note accepting the medi
ation of Mr. Hofmeler, the Afrikander I
leader, pointing out that while he believed
Mr. Hofmeier was sincere, yet he could
not forget that when President Kruger j
made "absolutely compulsory proposals I
for a settlement," Mr. Hofmeler was per- j
fectly ready to accept them. President
Kruger misled Mr. Hofmeler In promis
ing him proposals which differed materi
ally from those he really presented.
"There has been on the part of the
Transvaal crookedness altogether incom
prehensible If they desired a settlement,"
continued Mr. Chamberlain. "I be
lieve that from first to last Presi
dent Kruger never Intended to
give anything approaching equal
rights to the white races, or any j
acknowledgment of British supremacy. ,
War, therefore was inevitable. There has
been an enormous strain upon us. We
are called upon to bring the war to a I
quick conclusion and .send across the «ea
a force ruch as no nation In history ever
before sent. This is entirely due to the
preparations which made the Transvaal
an armed camp ami which not only se- |
• cured It a defensive position, but enabled j
■ It to take the offensive against ihe large
: forces now engaged.
"Such a thing could not b* continued I
forever. We have needed a permanent j
force of 25.000 In South Africa. We are I
\ told wo fcball lose South Africa, Our J
foreign friends are convinced of it. Yet '
they are not happy. Such predictions |
j were made before and were even current !
in the days of Elizabeth. But I am no*
j alarmed. One great Teutonic people can
i not hold :n subjection another great Teu
tonic people, but this has never been our
course. It is impossible to' pretend that
the Dutch at the Cape are crushed by our
j rule, when they have all the rights
! Englishmen possess, and even in In
dividual cases are permitted to talk and
' write treason. Whatever may be the |
| result of the war and the premature talk i
| of the result from the present war does i
; any one imagine that we shall fall to do
for others what we claimed for ourselves,
i or refuse equal rights to the Dutch in the
■ Transvaal, which they refused us?"
The House finally, by a vote of 224 to
! 28, passed the second reading of the ap
propriation bill.
KOCK WILL RECOVER.
LONDON, Oct. 26.— Th© Daily Mall has
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 26. 1899.
M4JOR H. F. SCOTT, of Cape
Colony Police.
"While defending Vrybrug Major
Scott was compelled to evacuate
the town because of treachery
among the inhabitants, and, brood
ing- over hi? forced retreat, com
mitted suicide.
the following from Pleterrr.Hritzburg,
Natal, dated October 23:
"The proclamation o.f martial law
throughout Nat a! has given grc:it satis
faction. Amonpr the Boer prisoners at
Larlysmith are Dewitt Hamer, member of
the Raad for Barbeton, and Dr. Van Leg
gle, Public Prosecutor at Heidelberg*.
Among the killed was Mr. di Jong, sec
retary of the Transvaal Education De
partment.
"It is now expected that General Jan
Kork, th° Boer commander, will recover.
General White gave him the option of bo
ing taken to Pretoria or remaining at
Ladysmith. and he Chosa the I
"The heavy losses of the Kings Royal
Rifles at Dundee seem to have been cine
to the black belts worn over the khaki,
and which afforded an excellent target."
PREPARES FOR
ANY FOREIGN
COMPLICATIONS
LOXDON, Oct. 25-The extent of the
British preparations revealed by to-day's
information causeß a strong reiteration |
of the rumors of serious foreign complica
tions. It is now said that Rear Admirrrl
Lord Charles Beresford will command the
Mediterranean squadron, and details of
the activity at the dockyards and naval
stations are coming in hot and fast. It
is said that, whether or not Great Britain
seriously fears Russia* or French aggres
sion, the naval preparations have been
under consideration for several months,
and it was the Admiralty's intention to
put them in force as soon as war was nr>
clared, it being deemed necessary to in
crease the active strength of the navy in
order to insure the large fleet of trans
ports against every possible contingency.
The Times, commenting editorially on
the rumor of European intervention,
scouts the idea, and says: "No power will
lift a finger. The alarming combinations
built upon our naval movements have no
existence save in overheated imagina
tions."
Dispatches from the Continent to the
Daily Mail say that the French fleet haa
received instructions to watch the move
ments of the British Mediterranean
squadron and that the Italian fleet is un
der orders to concentrate in the Bay of
Spozia.
QUEEXSTOWN, Oct. 25— The British
cruisers Furious, Pelorus and Pactolus
sailed from here this afternoon, en route
to Cape Clear, where they will meet eight
battleships and two cruisers of the Chan
nel squadron from the North of Ireland.
The fleet will then proceed ostensibly to
Gibraltar, but it is thought that possibly
its destination is a Spanish or Portuguese
port, as the vessels have taken out bills
of health from the Consuls of those coun
tries.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 25.— Interference
by continental Europe in the war between
Great Britain artd the South African Re
public is not expected by administration
officials here. Mediation may be olfered,
but present indications ahow that thero
will be no coalition to compel Its accept
ance, and there is certainly no anticipa
tion of the administration that the United
States will be Invited to Join other pow
ers in tendering its good offices to bring
about a settlement of the war. Up to
this time It Is stated authoritatively that
the United States has not been ap
proached by any power of Europe to use
its influence to bring an end to hostilities,
and it was stated significantly that na
tions of the continent are unlikely to
make such a suggestion in view of their
understanding that the President does not
intend to take any stepß in the matter
until he is informed by both Great Britain
and the South African Republic that they
will be willing for him to mediate.
The expectation of the authorities that
there will be no interference In the war
Is based upon the fact that the British
Government still has Its strong arm—the
navy— free to use in any direction that
may appear necessary. Thero lias not
been any considerable strengthening of
the naval force in South Africa, because
there is nothing for It to do In that di
rection. War in that region Is purely a
military problem. Great Britain thus has
practically her entire naval strength pre
pared to resist the Intervention of any
third power, and it is the suggestion In
this connection that the mobilization of
her Mediterranean squadron at Gibraltar
is simply a step in the direction of pre
paredness. The movement of the French
squadron In the Levant is not believed to
have any reference to the Transvaal war.
MANY BOERS IN THE FIELD.
LONDON. Oct. 23.— According to a Brus
sels dispatch Dr. Leyds, the diplomatic
c gent of the Transvaal in Europe, has is
sued a statement that the Boers have
SACRIFICED
LIFE TO SAFE
THEIR HERDS
Pathetic Story of the Faith
fulness of Montana
Shepherds.
?ICTIMS"OFBLIZZARD
— « —
Perished With Their Flocks In
stead of Seeking Safety From
the Storm's Fury.
Special IMspateh to The Call.
MINNEAPOLIS. Oct. 25.— A special
from Glen Falls. Mont., says: If
any one has concluded that the
time has passed when the servant
Is as faithful to the interests of
his master as he, could be to his
own, he should consider the Btory of the
recent blizzards which swept through
Teton County, in the northern part of this
State, a county given up to the raising of
sheep and cattle. As a result of that
storm nine men are known to be dead,
and the bodies of five have been recov
ered. With one exception all were sheep
herders, and all were found lying in such
positions as to indicate that they had
stayed with their bands to the laat, dying
in their attempts to save the property of
their employers.
William <;raham. working for the Cus
■';i<t. i.and Company, was found in a
coulee near Healy Butte. It is evident
that ho had tried hard through the night
to get his sheep into camp, but had not
6U( ci -'led. Conscious of the death which
w;\s impending, he returned to his twit
about midnight, and there wrote and left ;
a note saying he was nearly exhausted, i
but was about to return to the shoep^j
whioh were drifting up the c>>ulee. He [
w;;s found stretched on the snow, his
lantern about twenty feet distant. Of his;
two dogs, one remained to guard the body
while the other followed the sheep. He
was unmarried and recently said that he
had not a relative In the world.
Norman Bruce worked for Will Flow*
eree. He remained with his sheep until
he mAhfeged to drive them into a sheltered !
spot, where they would be safe. Blinded
by the storm, he mistook the coulee where
his cabin was built .'-nd wandered upon
another. RgaHSing his mistake too late.
he turned back and fell less than 200 yards |
from his home and safety. The searching
party found his dogs stretched across the
body Bruce was unmarried and a
native of.JEJrtnce Edward Island.
Mix Gregonch w;,s round with his arms l
frozen upon hia breast. His dog had fol- i
lowed the sifeep into camp and returned!
w : t } i the rescue rmrty too late.
H. E. Herald, working for S. C. Schiff- |
in. was lying in the deep snow, hia beard :
eaten off by the sheep, which had also
eaten his clothes- and part of his boots.
This is only a portion of the pathetic
Bide of the disaster, and the fidelity of one
herder is probably no greater than that
of any other. It is probable the death list
is hardly begun. Bands ot sheep without
herders have been reported from various
points in the storm district, and later
these will be traced and the dead herders
found.
Now the snow covers up everything on
the prairie, and the coulees, many of them
more than 100 feet deep, with steep sides,
are filled with it. Without exception this
\>as the most severe and most fatal Oc
tober storm ever occurring in Montana.
now nearly 100.000 men in the field, made
up a* follows: Boer regulars, 35.OO0; artil
lery. 1250; police, 1750; Orange Free State
troops. 15,000; Natal Boers, 3000: Bechuan
aland and Rhodesian Boers. R000; foreign
legion, 600; Americans, 4000; Germans.
6000; Dutch Belgians, 2000; Irish, 1000;
Scandinavians, 600; French, Swiss and
Italians. 200. The Jews, it appears, are
doing polW-e work.
A special dispatch from Pretoria, dated
October 24, purports to give an interview
with one of the highest Transvaal execu
tives, who is quoted as having urged that,
while the Boer successes 1 were yet unim
portant, there was still time for an amic
able settlement, as he believed the Boers
had been misled as to the real issue.
PROTEST OF THE
GERMANS AGAIST
TRANSVAAL WAR
BERLIN, Oct. 25.— At a meeting of 3000
members of the Pan-German and Anti-
Semite League at Hamburg to-day, called
to protest against the Transvaal war, a
dispatch was sent to Emperor William
full of solemn patriotic effusions and urg
ing him to intercede in behalf of the Boera
and postpone his journey to England.
The Vossische Zeitung, commenting on
this, says: "Vigorous protests, should be
'made against passionate and malevolent
I treatment of the war, which gives color
to the idea that the Germans cannot do
enough to show their enmity for Great
Britain. The majority in this country
have nothing in common with the Anglo
phobia in which the Hamburg meeting
waded."
The paper then quotes Prince Bis
marck's dictum that Great Britain's
friendship is more useful to Germany
than the whole valley of the Nile and the
pyramids, adding: "Had Prince Bis
marck been an English Minister he would
have acted toward the Boers like the
English Government has done."
The Berliner Neueste Nachrichten de
scribes President Steyn's proclamation as
a "false step that may have serious re
sults. "
The Kolnische Zeitung pays a tribute
of gallantry to the British officers, point
ing out that of the German loss in the
battle of Spicheren only 4V4 per cent were
officers, while at Glencoe and Elands
Laagte the British officers killed and
wounded was 14^ per cent of the total
loss.
DYNAMITE TRUCKS BLOWN UP.
LONDON, Oct. 25.— A dispatch to the
Morning Post from Klmberley, dated Oc
tober 21, via Orange River, October 24,
says: "An armored train was engaged
this evening and one of our men killed.
Two trucks of dynamite were removed
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
r-^j: ; ■.
Weak,
p^^p^wu*e^^c| Women
\^^K/ find a Irue
friend in
(NO FUSEL OIL)
Duffy's Pure Mali Whiskey
The old family remedy. Cures nervous-
ness and indigestion. Give? power to
the brain, strength and elasticity to the
muscles, and richness to the blood. It
is a promoter of good health and longev-
ity. Makes the old young ; keeps the
young strong.
All drugglits and jtrbcerg. Avoid BiibsUtnte», the*
lire dangerous. - Duffy's has proprietary stamp on each
bottle . I f your dealer cannot supply you, a bottle will
be sent, prepaid, on receipt of ji 00 6 bottles for fUx).
Send for valuable book of Information. >
DUFFY MALT WHISKEY CO., Rochester, N. Y.
Hales.
china tz~T' /SET
painting /&/ <§) leather
\ private and class /jßf ""^^ material for sale.
lessons given. /^^ **^LJ~**®i> G@@E*&*^ get your Christ-
china fired. ;— mimjui™— - m,,,,,, ,, M — "^ - mas presents now.
.'."". ■" 935-937-939-941-943-945-947 Market Street. *—' i — —
this is a progressive store — progressive
on the foundation principle of good
wrappers and waists.
50 blue, pink, red and gray eider-
down dressing sacques with crochet
edges; ribbon tie and finished seams
75c each
24 assorted colors eiderdown robes
with finished seams and satin
trimmed, with cord at waist: excel-
lent value $4.50 each
10 dozen ladies' woolen waists in
fine flannels, in red, blue and black;
finely braided and lined throughout;
all sizes; excellent $1.50 each
10 dozen flannelette wrappers with
revers over shoulders; braid trimmed,
tight fitted waist lining, full width
skirt with flounce, assorted colors in
fall shades and patterns SI each
another lot of ladies' mackintoshes
just received; all wool henrietta
cashmere, In blue and black, single
and double breasted capes; double
texture; all sizes... $5 each
colored dress goods.
plaid covert suitings, every thread
wool; in all the new shades of browns
and beige; 45 inches wide.... 75c yard
plain and fancy colored crepons, in
deep dimpled effects and popular col-
orings; 42 inches wide... ,
$12 and $13.50 suit
zlbeline plaids, in exclusive designs
for skirts and full costumes; come in
great variety; fr0m. ..50c to $2.50 yard
handkerchiefs.
200 dozen ladies' plain all linen hem-
stitched and Cambric lace corner
hemstitched handkerchiefs.. ..5c each
from the town for safety and were blown
up by th° Boers. The Boer loss is un
certain. The Boer artillery moved around,
trying to draw the force covering the
town. There was a small engagement,
but nothing of consequence happened.
We are completely isolated and as safe
as a bank. Not one man has left. Rain
is approaching. Our troops met the
enemy, cutting the line to-day, and a
Maxim gun on the train did good work
and cleared away the wreckers."
WOLSELEY HAS
DOCTORED REPORTS
FROM THE FRONT
LONDON, Oct. 25.— The commander-in
chief. Field Marshal Lord Wolseley, has
apparently now been convicted of "doc
toring" official reports from the front.
and there is a strenuous demand on all
sides for a reversion to the earlier prac
tice, when the reports of General Sir
Stewart White, the British commander in
Natal, were given out textually as soon
as received. The commander-in-chief's
summary, as read in the House of Com
mons yesterday, spoke of General White
having fought a successful action,
whereas General White's own account
puts an entirely different complexion on
the situation, reduces the movement to
its proper proportions and shows that
further exciting intelligence may be ex
pected from the same quarter at any mo
ment. It is quite evident that the war
in Natal has only commenced, and that
the Boers are by no means discouraged
at losing the first Jtwo battles. Many ex
perts are satisfied* that General Joubert
is even now close to the heels of the
British, and that a decisive action may
be fought soon.
The main fact that the British were
forced to evacuate the Natal triangle.
Which the Boers naturally and rightly
claim as a conspicuous success, and
which they even emphasize by a procla
mation annexlng'Northern Natal, is prov
ing an unpalatable pill to the public,
whose appetite has been whetted by the
previous successes, which had been as
sumed to be greater than they really
were, as the determination and gallantry
of the Boers enable them to quickly re
organize and achieve desired objects by
other methods.
Later estimates of the Boers' losses at
Elands Laagte give 300 killed. Their cool
ness, bravery and good aim can be judged
from the fact that out of seventeen or
eighteen officers with the half battalion
of Gordon Highlanders, four were killed
and thirteen were wounded, while the
casualties among the rank and file were
27 per cent during less than three hours'
firing. Lieutenant Campbell of the Gor
don Highlanders has since died from his
wound*.
GENERAL SYMONS IMPROVED.
CAPE TOWN, Oct. 25.— Intelligence re
ceived here yesterday from Natal says
the bullet has been extracted frum the
wound of General Symons. who was
struck while leading his troops at the bat
tle of Glencoe, and that the patient it
cheerful and doing well.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Patents, Postofflce Changes, Pensions
and Army Orders Affecting
the Slope.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 25.— G. W. Cum
mins was to-day appointed postmaster at
Covelo, Mendocino County, vice P. W.
Handy, resigned.
Pacific Coast patents were granted to
day as follows:
California— Emanuel Berg, Woodland,
grain roller; Stephen H. Chase, San Jose,
iruit-dryiiig tray; Charles Curamings,
Oakland, unloading means for air com
preesora; Willis G. Dodd. San Francisco,
operating mechanism; Frank C. Faxon,
Sun Francisco, acetylene gas burner;
James B. Gill, San Francisco, coin con
trolled call recording device for telephone
systems; S. P. Gundmundso, San Fran
dSCO, BAW-filing device; Bernard Bails
man, San Francisco, slidable and swinging
sash; Harry Markham, San Rafael, letter
opener; Charles W. Merrill, Alameda, dis
charge gates for tanks; William Morck,
Oakland, car fender; P. S. Nowacki, San
Francisco, water lifting apparatus; John
P. Simmons, San Francisco, assignor to
S. V. Mooney. air compressor; Joseph St.
Mary, San Francisco, steam trap; John
E. Stuart, Winchester, apparatus for
mining in frozen earth; Frank Walker,
Los Angeles, combination soil pipe drain
age and venting fitting; Milton A.
Wheaton .San Francisco, elevator.
Oregon— William A. Wood and J. M.
Eddy, Eugene, gasoline lamp; Solomon
Itehart, Lake View, pumping apparatus;
Frank T. Cook, Antelope, lubricant.
Washington— John Nash, Dayton, door.
The postoffices at Gilkata and Sheep
Camp. Alaska, will be discontinued after
October 31. Station F, Los Angeles pOßt
offlce, has been changed to 1910 South
Main street.
Army orders: Private William Clark,
Twenty-eighth Infantry, Presidio, San
Francisco, having enlisted under false
pretences, will be discharged without
honor from the service of the United
States by the commanding officer of his
station.
First Lieutenant Louis P. Smith as
sistant eurgeon. will be relieved from duty
at Fort Russell upon the arrival of As
sistant Surgeon Barbour and will pro
ceed to San Francisco.
Assistant Surgeon George H. Rlchard
Hales.
goods at one fair price.
one of our $6 hats.
f^dressv pearl
|^^ pi, ''gray hat, trim-
' \ mcd in gray
J|K \,Jj velvet and rib-
fte^Jf ton; large gray
dove posed on
VJI/ side; velvet
''^JV. trimming on
hT }y bandeau. .$6
good gloves.
ladies' 2-clasp lambskin glove, soft
and pliable as French kid; fitted and
guaranteed; kept in repair and
cleaned free '...,'. $1 pair
3-clasp Hte. Jouvin glove, real
French kid; in the newest shades and
pitching $1.50 pair
2-clasp misses' lambskin glove, in
brown, tan, blue, red and green.....
$1 pair
veiling. •
2500 yards plain and dotted silk
tuxedo mesh veiling, 18 inches wide;
In black, brown and navy; on our
center tables to-day 15c yard
son. United States army, •will proceed
from this city to San Francisco. First
('lass Private Thomas MeGurk, Signal
Corps, now at Angel Island, will be dis
charged from the service of the United
States.
Pensions for Callfornians: Original-
Ambrose Crow. San Josp. JG: Wm Smith
Stockton, $R; Michael McGrath. San Fran
cisco, $8; John L. Lambert. Vallejo. $8.
Increase— John W. Moyer. Los Angeles
$6 to $8; James C. McDonald, Wilmington!
Oregon: Original— William Bradshaw,
Lake Creek, $6.
Washington: Original— Hardin D. Ran
dall, Kelso, $6.
ALLEGED VIOLATION OF
CIVIL SERVICE RULES
Government Employes Asked to Con-
tribute to the Ohio Cam
paign Fund.
NEW YORK. Oct. 25.— A statement was
given out to-day by George McAneny.
secretary of the National Civil Service
Reform League, in wnich he says:
The National Civil Service Reform League
has addressed a letter to the Civil Service Com
mission, asking that step* be taken to necure
the prosecution of the Federal officer and others
responsible for the action of the Ohio Repub
lican State Committee in pendinß appeal? for
political contributions to Government employes
throughout the country. The chairman of the
committee In question Is Congressman Charles
Dick of th* Nineteenth Ohio District
In this letter to the Civil Service Com
mission it Is alleged that the letters of
the Government employes were printed
on letter-heads of the "finance committee
of the Ohio State Executive Committee."
and it is pointed out that these letters
explicitly state that the money solicited
is to be applied to the uses of the full
committee, of which Mr. Dick is chair
man.
It Is alleged further that the circular
has been Bent to thousands of Govern
ment subordinates in all parts of the
country, including even clerks and other
minor employes in the Xew York Custom
house.
DEWEY'S NEW HOME
TURNED OVER TO HIM
Committee Has Enough Money to
Cover the Cost of the House
and Incidentals. .
WASHINGTON. Oct. 25.-The house on
Rhode Island avenue recently purchased
for Admiral Dewey by popular subscrip
4 ■ „ . _ _
O N , M \ AND "" f U- o
V SEND FOR MY 2
♦ ?
i IT TELLS HOW |
t WITH
I DR. T. A. SANDEN- 18 THIRD STREET ' I
♦ nPFipp tm,., w»-«i^, 8»n Fnnciieo, C»l. O
| 4 lie* South Spring Street, Los Angeles. °
Hales.
neckwear.
a manufacturer's sample line of
neckwear — some not in perfect order,
some a little crushed, some a little
poiled; we have also picked out of
stock all crushed and soiled pieces, '
worth up t<> $1 each, and will sell I
them with the sample line 25c each
leather goods.
16-inch cabin bag imitation alli-
gator $2
alligator coin purse, thumb clasp,
leather lined 2">r-
shopping bagr, 10 inches outside, coin
purse, leather handles 35c
toilet articles.
odds and ends in toothbrushes
5c each
Kirk's violet and rose toilet soap.. sc
Hale's saponaceous tooth powder..
100
soap stand and toothbrush holder
5c
stationery.
pen and ink tablets— note, pocket
and letter size; 100, SO and 41 ruled
leaves respectively; regular and gn,..l
values .it 10c each 5c each
Blaisdell's paper pencils; needs no
knife to sharpen 2c each
folding waste paper basket, made
of heavy tarboard, with .outside lith-
ograph desig-ns 25c each
slick files and hook flies; keep your
bills and papers safely 5c each
tlon was formally turned over to him
to-day by Assistant Secretary Vanderlin
and United States Treasurer Roberts ol
the Dewey home committee. Mr. Fitch,
the owner, went to the Treasury Depart*
ment this afternoon and presented th^
deed, which was immediately filed for rec
ord. The purchase price was about $50,000,
Two subscriptions were received to-day
which completed the payment, including
the expenses incident to the project. On*
for $1000 came from Brooklyn and the oth-.
er. $275. was received from the Western
Union Telegraph Company.
MEN IN CHARGE OF
BOLIVIA'S DESTINIES
Velazco and Capriles Named for Vice-
Presidents Under Colonel
Pando.
BUENOS AYRES, Oct. 25.— Colonel Pan
do has been elected President of Bolivia
in succession to Senor Severo Fernandez
Alonzo.
1.1 MA, Peru, Oct. 25, via Galveston,
Tex.— The Bolivian convention has pro
claimed Senor Lueio Valazco and Senur
Anibal Capriles first and second vie,
presidents of the republic in succession
to Dr. Rafael Pena and Dr. Genaro San
Jines.
THE GRANT AND AZTEC
ARRIVE AT MANILA
Twenty-Sixth Volunteers Proceed ta
Their Post at Iloilo Without
Disembarking.
MANILA. Oct. 25.— The funeral of Cap,
tain Guy Howard, the assistant quart, r
master, Bon of Major General O. O. How
ard (retired}, who was killed on October
22 near Arayat, took place to-day and wa3
larg-ely attended. A procession of troops
escorted the body to the wharf and
; placed It on board the transport Beleian
King.
The Twenty-sixth Infantry arrived on
i the transport Grant yesterday and sail, d
I for Iloilo to-day without <li"sembarkiru'
! The insurgents have returned to the vi
cinity of Calamba. They have incr^as. 1
in numbers and are surrounding ..he towa
i on the land sides.
WASHINGTON, Oct X.— The War De,
1 partment has received the following from
i General Otis:
i MANILA. Oct. 2=!.— Transport Grant, with tha
i Twenty-Blxtn Volunteers and recruits arrived
yesterday. No casualties. Aztec, with civll
; ian employes, arrived this morning. Sevea
r.oi-ses lost. All others In good condition.PRESIDENTS WHEELER IS INAUGURATED.
Q3ris/T\oi)y
09 Berkeley Oval.
J^ept J-lallidie preset
t^ doldei? l^ey of tl?e
dpiu^ity.
BENJAMIN' IDE TTHEELER was
formally inaugurated yesterday
afternoon ns president of the T'nl
versity of California. Ten thousand
people on the Berkeley oval, sit
:ind standing under the blue canopy
of heaven, the golden sunlight, streaming
: on their heads, saw him receive
the Regents the golden key, heard
-The words of welcome an" the renewed
irancea of pupport addressed to him
- d to his acceptance of the new
risibility.
No more suitable spot could have been
for the inaugural ceremonies than
mlverslty athletic field, bordered with
■king out on groves of
(academic oaks. It was nature's own ter
n■ the dawn of enlighien
tnent from widen education went forth to
ier a world. Ami in that gTeat as
ly under those stately trees there
li ly ;i feeling that something
(new and great was about to be born and
forth on a minion to future ages.
. Whether or not it was due to the loca
tion or the spirit of the occasion or what
\ ulalatlons of the collegians never
beautifully as yesterday. The
An Excellent Combination.
• The pleasant method and beneficial
effects of the well known remedy,
Stkup of F^os, manufactured by the
Catafohxia. Fie Syrup Co.. illustrate
the value of obtaining 1 the liquid laxa-
tive principles of plants known to be j
medicinally laxative and presenting
them in the form most refreshing 1 to the
taste and acceptable to the system. It
is the one perfect strengthening laxa-
tive, cleansing the system effectually,
dispelling 1 colds, headaches and fevers
gently yet promptly and enabling one
|to overcome habitual constipation per-
manently. Its perfect freedom from
every objectionable quality and sub-
. stance, and its acting on the kidneys,
liver and bowels, without weakening 1
;or irritating them, make it the ideal
'laxative.
In the process of manufacturing' figs
;are used, as they are pleasant to the
taste, but the medicinal qualities of the
.remedy are obtained from senna end
other aromatic plants, by a method
known to the California Fig Svbttp
•Co. only. In order to get its beneficial
effects and to avoid imitations, please
j remember the full name of the Company
printed on the front of every package.
CALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP CO.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAI*
I/OT7ieVH-LE. et. new YORK, V. T.
For sale by all Druggists.— Price 50c. per bottle,
||M| Ilium
! ELEGANT . A . !
] TAILOR-MADE ; : #^^|-:. \
; ; I make them for 25 wff 1 If I ■ S
1 : per cent less than ?sfl 53 1/ a '
|ot!ier tailors, and eiR "Jl3 . Jf* l
• use strongest read jffiV L 1 II
j: wjrk and excellent Saw^ X -J fl '
■j iinin '-'- Wm Id Ji
• I am the only -v.'.-.y^ / \. L v '
:• tailor in the city ■■■■•.•:•]/ N^.r^-' :
.• that sponeres every .'■'•'' :^l i!!i- •'■''■ •
j: inch of cloth that /\'-""."".| i Ml-" :
'• po«>fl into each (far- I\J-U\ \ /'•?' jJ. i
• My stilts stand the A /TD hifiiv * S I
'l wear and tear of a i f\SjM%s£*l< '•
;| business life. J j
!{ You are given a ' +r i
I; perfect fit and the imu.uk j
'; assurance of your !
'* £?Jl% back if you J llO-1112 Market st.
|: wlsn !t - 201-203 Montgomery} |
|: , _ , , St.. San Francisco, s
I. Al -w f «> suits.. $15 50. 1011 Washington St.. ,
•: All-wool pant?. *< 50. Oakland.
 JvlPKant overcoats, 14:{ So. Spring St..
'; *-"• Los Angeles.
Furniture .5 Carpets!
+JUST ARRIVED-
A Complete Assortment of latest Desiim. In
Carpets, Furniture, Stoves, Etc,
In^nectSon It . ? ded t0 responsible parties.
T. BRILLIANT,
ARONSON FURNITURE COMPANT
338»340 POST ST.'
13ETWEEN STOCKTON AND POWEIZ
Opposite Union 6qu*r« " i "- a *
Telephone Main 1800.
f^DR. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
V®iJ[gsS Five hundred reward for any
5^ U| case we cannot cure. Thin secret I
I*—* 'vrM •'•■■' itopg all losses In M
BBi Mm hours, cures Emissions. Impo-
m Em K e , n °?' Varicocele, Gonorrhoea,
f«kl mgfi ?. lec t Fits. .Strictures, LoTt
,£*?? — grWil Manhood and all wasting effects
i. '■■ "' e*lf-abuse or excesses. Sent !
sealed, $2 bottle; 3 bottles, $'<:' guaranteed to '
cure any case. Address HALL'S MKDICAL IN- !
6TITUTE. 856 Broadway. Oakland. Cn.l. Also
trt »ale at 1073& Market St.. B. F. All prtvat» !
diteakea quickly cured. Send for free book.
Weak Men and Women j
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE j
great Mexican remedy; gives health and I
»treii*tfa to sexual organ*. Depot, 823 Market, j
yellers were not massed aa is the rule,
but were scattered in small groups
throughout the closely packed area and
but for an extemporaneous orchestration,
happily perfected at the first attempt,
might have lost their charm. As it was
they took on a harmony striking, original,
effective and probably never to be dupli
cated.
Musical "hi yippi yonders" and "hookey
wow wows" kept the crowd in splendid
spirit until a fanfare from the band gave
notice that the Inaugural procession was
making its way down the cinder path.
In a minute it was on the outskirts of
the throng and the next was making its
way acroes the brief open space to the
stand. Everybody rose to watch its pro
gress and the collegians redoubled their
Vocal demonstrations of delight.
First, leading the way, came Professor
Soule, and following close after came
Regent Hallldie, the Rev. Horatio Steb
bins. Regent Houghton, President Wheel
er, President Daniel C. Oilman of Johns
Hopkins and President David Starr Jor
dan of Stanford, all three presidents in cap
and gown. Following came the regents, in
cluding Mrs. Hearst, the members of the
faculty, their ladies and the invited
guests, among whom wore United States
Senator George C. Perkins and Major
General Shatter.
Handclappings and cheers sounded
loudly aa the regents and their guests
took their seats on the platform and col
legiate questionings as to who was all
right mingled with a Meyerbeer overture
to bring out alternate responses that Oil
man and Jordan and Wheeler were all
right. A yell was improvised for Johns
Hopkins, which is not supposed to havo
such an article, and yells were sounded
for Stanford and Berkeley, and the en
thusiastic alumni and undergraduates
were still yelling when Regent Hallidk
arose to call the great gathering to order,
introducing Dr. Voorsanger, who offered
a prayer. Heads were reverently un
covered in the sun as he invoked the
blessings of the Father on the work about
to be formally inaugurated.
At the conclusion Regent HaUidie, to
whom the regents had decreed the honor
of inaugurating the new president, ad
dressed the assemblage. He said in part:
REGENT HALLIDIri'S ADDRESS.
Twenty-seven years ago, lacking two weeks,
the Board of Regents of the University of
California called you together in Oakland to
witness the inauguration of one of the dis
tinguished men of the country as president of
thin- university, whose career since his depart
ure from these shores, over a quarter of a
c_>ntury since, has been upward and forward
and lull of distinction' and honor, and whose
presence here to-day emphasizes his early love
tor California and for its university. A few
months later, on July 16, 1873. you were sum
moned to meet for the first lime on these
grounds, when the university formally entered
upon the site at Berkeley and when President
Ijaniel C. Gllman addressed the graduating
class of twelve, the first of the university's
four-year classes, telling them they were
Jurors sworn to tell truth and bidding them to
be apostles bearing everywhere the Master's
lessons.
irty you are summoned to witness th"
Inauguration as president of this University of
a man alike distinguished In the world of k-t
--ters as a scholar and, in the world of af
fairs, loved as a citizen. By a happy eon-
Junction we are honored, too, by th>- pr<??-noe
l»nt of our sister university so that
We witness here the thrt-e .vise men of rht
Kn: t niet-tlne at the birth of the new uni
versity. This circumstance of the occasion is
, y one, full Of hope and encouraK^nit-nt,
I ■ ic u r:- well for Its destiny.
Inspiration of the moment revives the
memory of tii* past and recalls the fol
pri jihptlc words of uur president of -w-i.i; -
years ag"6: "The possible relation of
this university to the new civilize
,-; and to the enllghtenm nt ol
nations «Jvc a special Inten st to its
:or It ia obvious thui California la n t
granary, treasury and mart for the
American .States, but it Ib the portal through
which the Occident and the Orient must e - X
change their products and their thoughts.
China ii:id Japan, Australia and the islands
of the sea are the neighbors and customers of
the tioiden Ptat<?. Shall they not also look
■ r Instruction in the arts and s
and for an example of a Wtll organized and
well educated community?"
In California the State University has been
broadened and stimulated by the presence and
kinship of the Iceland Stanford Junior Uni
versity, founded by Leland Stanford, ex-Gov
ernor and United States Senator, and main
tained through the delays and uncertainties
of litigation, the perils and vicissitudes of
youth by the loyalty and unselfishness of a
noble woman— honor to her— the widow of
the founder; and California has become richer,
too, by the presence of that other wise man
of the East, President David Starr Jordan.
And now another wise man of the East comes
to Berkeley, yea, even from Ithaca, and bends
before the shrine of duty to devote that man
hood which God has graced him with to the
cause of learning, progress and humanity.
Recognizing the personality, the sterling
character, noble alms and scholarly attain
ment of Benjamin Ide Wheeler, foe Hoard of
Reg-en acting, under authority of the law,
has elected him to the high and responsible
office of president of the University of Cali
fornia; and congregating the people of the
Ptafe upon your acceptance, Mr. President
V heeler, 1 now deliver to you, sir, this key. the
Insignia or your great office, and in doing
fo, on behalf of the people of California and
the Board of Regents. I extend to you a sin
cere and hearty welcome, and assure you of
their co-operation, confidence and good will.
The welkin ran« with hearty cheers ;is
Presideni Wheeler took the golden key
from which fluttered a true lover's knot
of 1 lue and gold, and more cheers and
renewed handclHppinßS greeted regent
and formally inaugurated president as
they took their b<
OIL IN CONTRA COSTA
After reading the report of the
fuel committee of the Manufactur-
ers' and Producers' Association, no
man can doubt the presence of oil
In Contra Costa.
Since we secured control of the
property referred to in this report
we have been pushing development
work until wo can now give assur-
ance that oil will be flowing early
in the coming month.
We ar« but nint- miles from Oak-
land, clone to market and are Inde-
pendent of the railroad for trans-
portation facilities.
Wo want to get in correspondence
■with people who want to make
money quickly— large or small In-
vestors.
Stock is being sold at J5 per share
under guarantee. It can be return-
ed to us inside of thirty days and
money will be re-funded. We don't
know of another company that
offers its stockholders greater In-
ducements or a proposition that is
as safe and sure.
Write to us for illustrated pros-
pectus and report and talk v.-ith
our agents. You will then appre-
ciate this chance to make money.
American Oil and
Refinery Company
Rooms 322-323 PARROTT BUILD-
ING, SAN FRANCISCO.
Oakland Agents— O'ROUßKE &
JACKSON, 1002 Broadway.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1899.
Regent Hallldie admitted a few mo
ments later that it was wholly super- \
flous for him to introduce President David j
Starr Jordan, and so the event proved, j
No sooner had the stalwart hoad of Stan
ford reared itself on the assembled vision
than it was greeted with c.n outburst ol
good will. Three times did he essay a j
beginning of his address and three times
was he compelled to bide such time as the
demonstrative collegians got through j
dinning in his and everybody's ears 'what |
a good fellow they considered him. At j
last he was allowed to proceed, but not ,
to finish before he had many times over
reason to feel proud of the good feeling
for him in the Berkeley breast. His j
references to the united front the two :
universities should present to the world !
and his predictions on the future of Presi- |
dent Wheeler were particularly ac
claimed. He said in part:
PRESIDENT JORDAN'S GREET
ING.
I am asked us a loyal citizen of California,
and a* a representative from the sister re
public of letters which California cherishes
across the bay, to add a word to the generous
welcome which Calirornla gives to the presi
dent of her univeiFlty My word, Mr. Presi
dent, shall be a word of advice. Not that you
need it or should ever heed it. but becausa
there la no othtr article of value with which
I can so willingly part.
II is a saying of Kmerscn that "Colleges
can only serve us when their aim Is not to
drill, but to create. They draw every ray
i,: varied genius to their hospitable halls an 1
by their concentrated influence set the heart
of the youth in flame."
This function ot the college rests with you.
It is for you, Mr. President, not to drill, but
to create. It In for you to give personality to
the University of California. Color and char
acter must come through your hand. Your
Influence must draw those rays of varied
*enlup which shall set the heart of our youth
In llamo.
It Is your place, Benjamin Ide Wheeler,
is president of The great university of our
great State, to construct your purpose and your
pulioy, and to give the university Its per
sonality, Its color and it* atmosphere. Above
all rest- with you the firming of Its moral
tone, for alter nil chnracu-r-buildlng It-' the
noblest work of the university, and I am nn:
of those who believe ■ that •In this work the
i.nlverstty may be made the most effective
agency. I have known you for many year*,
Dr. Wheeler— twelve years, is it not, In all?
Always adequate to the work the gods set
you to do. I know that you will not disap
point us now. I know that you can meet
and will meet all that the State expects of
you. Because this Is so I regard this day,
this ;.',th day of October, ISS9, as one of the
greatest, full cf the fullest of hope, of all
the days In the calendar of California,
Some time aeo a repent of the university
said to me, "Now that we have Whoe'er we
murt change our notion of rivalry. Hence
forth It shall not be Berk»ley against Stan
ford nor Stanford «c;airFt Berkeley, but Cali
fornia against the world." Now. In all seri
ousness, why not? Why not Berkeley and
Stanford, together and indivisible, against the
world?
It has been Dr. Wheeler's good fortune and
mine to sit at the feet of the same great
master -Andrew D. White. We can remem
ber President White's appeal to his alumni
that wierever we mlirht go we should stand
by "our State universities, for In them is the
educational hope of the South and West." We
of Stanford are not deaf to thi« appeal. We
are citizens of California, loyal and true. We
rhall stand by our State university, for In
its development Is the educational hope of our
golden west, and we pledge to President
wheeler our help In fullest loyalty, whenever
and wherever and howsoever ho may ask our
aid.
An orchestral selection, "The Palms,"
preceded the introduction of Daniel Colt
Oilman, president of Johns Hopkins Uni
versity and president of the University of
California from to 1875, who had been
invited by the regents at the suggestion
of President Wheeler, to deliver the ad
dress." The spontaneous burst of good
feeling that greeted his appearance must
have done his heart good. It brought
smiles to his face and he bowed right and
left to the great throng-. As in the case
of President Jordan, It was some moments
before he thought prudent to wade into
the surf of applause, and time and again
throughout its delivery he was forced to
yield to the vociferous manifestations' of
"the effects his remarks had upon his
hearers.
Dr. Oilman's address was in three parts.
First, In the warmest terms he congratu
lated the University, of "California on the
accession of President Wheeler; next, by
request, he gave a brief summary of the
recent progress of American universities,
and. finally, he Indicated some points in
which It seemed to him that the Univer
sity of California should surely excel. He
said in part:
PRESIDENT GILMAN'S CON-
GRATULATIUNS.
I congratulate you on the succession of great
gifts which have supplemented the appropria
tion* of tnp State and have helped to attract
t . this place t!irongs of young men nnd maid
ens In the pursuit of a liberal education. With
li.artiness for which no tones can be too em
phatic. I congratulate you nn the far-sighted
munificence of that generous woman, whose
nope it Is that the buildings of this unlvctwlty
shall be worthy of Ita alms, and who dpslrwi
that this nhall not be constructed haphazard.
Few persons know as I do what a persistent,
sagaclouß and successful search the regents
made for a president. If they were eager to
giv? an example of original Investigation,
which tests alert until a flnalMy Is reached,
they could not have done better. But their
difficulties did not end with their discovery;
persuasion was harder than research. The
leader of their choice had received many pre
vious caljs. to which his ear remained deaf.
The ties of Intellectual and sound friendship,
the assurance that a professor's chair Is stable,
while a president Is usually offered a rock-
Ing chair, which looks more comfortable, but la
really fchaky, and the consciousness that In an
1 old State the traditions of education are secure
I of recognition— all these considerations were of
: weight. He has wisely decided; greater oppor
; tunitles on a broader field, the generous sup
port of the authorities and that large minded
; ness which has ever been an alluring charac
teristic of the Callfomians, have captured him;
i and now with one vol<^e his old friends In the
: Kast, his new friends in the West, bid him
j God speed. Bind him now with bands of steel;
i strengthen his hands; confirm his plans; listen
I to his couneel, and soon you will know what
1 you now believe, that the right man Is here—
i suggestive, strong, hopeful, wise and Inspiring
j ready to promote the vigor, the industries the
wealth, the literature, the science, the arts,
j the politics and the religion of this great
I State.
It was appropriate that the wedding
; march from "Lohengrin" should signal
I the appearance of the bridegroom about
I to wed the fair young university, stand
! ing there blushing under the trees with
i her brothers and sisters; and, when its
j last triumphant strain had been drowned
in a rousing welcome, greater, longer,
I stronger than any of the numerous wel-
SCENES AT
PRESIDENT WHEELER'S
INAUGURATION.
comes President' Wheeler has received
since "he last came within the confines of
California. President Wheeler arose to
deliver nis inaugural message to his
people. The applause died away and the
assembly, regents, faculty, students,
alumni and friends of the university
settled back to drink in every word. And
<■<> strong and frank was that message
nnd .so earnest was the manly tone in
which it was delivered that few cared to
interrupt Irs delivery with the applause
it. deserved. It left no doubt as to the
course of the new president, and it left
no one '.ess sanguine of the future. There
was no shadow of promise in it that did
not assure the substance of performance.
It was sincere to the point of spellbind
ing, and when its last word had been
uttered it was a several seconds before
the applause expressive of full satisfac
tion was offered. In part President
Wheeler's message reads:
PRESIDENT WHEELER'S MES-
SAGE.
Ton have laid upon me a heavy task' you
have intrusted me with a high responsibility;
you have crowned me with opportunity. A
consciousness of my own limitations, which
time and experience have made reliable and
definite, would have forced the gleam of op
portunity Into the thick shadow of the task
had not your hearty confidence, which . placed
both in my ■ way. called faith to the seat of
distrust.
If all the : pressing nerds of the university
■were marshaled in array long would be the
list. If the university work Is to be main
tained on its present level of efficiency greatly
increased supply of funds for the plain work
of Instruction must be supplied from some
source, private or public.
Among the demands for the Internal devel
opment of the university none rank in my
estimation with those of the library. Instead
of 75,000 volumes there ought to be to-day 300,
--000. Instead of an Income for purchases of
$4000 there ought to be $30,000. A fireproof
building equipped with seminary rooms on the
largest scale must be provided within the next
three or four years.
The newly founded school of commerce en-
ters upon a wide and hopeful field. Here of
all places in the land is the chosen spot for
the training of those who are to be the In
telligent . • guides and emissaries of trade,
whether as trade agents of private Interests
or as consuls who represent through the Gen
eral Government the public interest. Here can
be collected to best advantage data concerning
the condition of markets in the Asiatic world.
In th" fi>-ld of mlnir.g engineering we must, of
course, lead the world. In agriculture we must
have ihe unquestioned best, and particularly
in the applications of agriculture to pomology
and horticulture we must hnve the means of
very .decided extension and development beyond
what Is now provided. .Not only ■ the naked
hills of California, but the whole western
slope. of the. continent. call for special study of
the forest problem. A school of forestry Is an
earnest and instant need. The waters that sent
forth the Oregon 'deserve a school, of naval en
glneerinc ■
The uncertain relations of the various pro
fessional schools to the body of the university
will demand, -careful attention in the Imme
diate future. The university cannot per
mently lend the use of its name to depart
ments or institutions over which it has no real
control. The whole problem is not bo much one
of legality, however, or of control, but one of
thorough co-operation and of the prevention of
duplication in academic work.
The presidency of an American university Is
to-lay the medium of communication between
the two main elements which give a. university
life and being. The incumbent of the office, aa
holding a dual relation, is not only subject to
misunderstanding and to tne consequent and
common charge of duplicity, but Is placed In a
position that is frankly untenable, except with
the full confidence and loyal co-oneratlon of
faculty and regents alike. At the present stage
of its development the • office in demandlns a
sympathy with, too widely sundered , points of
view demands almost the impossible and Is the
most difficult position which American society
can call upon a man to fill. All this I have
fully considered. None of this have :I • con
cealed from myself. I throw myself, regents,
faculty., students, fully and frankly. and trust
fully upon your loyal support. Without that
I am nothing; with that we can accomplish
Passing of the Horse.
So soon as nature Bees an improvement there
Is a change The, candle gave way to elec
tricity. The spinning wheel to machinery, the
horse to the automobile. The fact that Hostet
ter's Stomach Bitters has been sold for over
half a century proves Its value. There Is noth
ing to equal It for stomach 'or liver trouble.
It Is Nature's own remedy, and the only one
to cure dyspepsia or weak stomach.
Keep yourselves up to
concert pitch by taking
BEECHABS'S PILLS
10 cents an* 25 cents, at all drat stores.
great things for California, for its university,
for the nation, and for the cause of enlighten
ment among men.
Pull in the face of many difficulties a.nd many
needs, but in the presence of an inspiring ho; •■.
in clear conviction of my own shortcomings,
but in consciousness of a readiness, loyally
and unselfishly with such strength as I h;ive
to serve a public cause. I now assume, with
full sense of the responsibility it involves, the
headship of this institution. I will. In deal-
Ing with the various bodies that constitute it.
consult frankness rather than tact. I wili
value plainness of speech more than flattery.
I will not. God helping me, be tempted to use
the university for the advancement of per
sonal interest or ambition. Here in this pres
ence I pledge myself with all I am ..f l. .X
mind and heart, to be dedicated to thf service
of the University of California; its Int.
so far as I can discern them, shall be under
truth the supreme guide of my official action.
Governors, members, students, friends of the
X'niverslty of California, let us all to-day join
% What think you of an overcoat these cool
I mornings and chilly nights ?
% Need not cost much either. For $1000 we
I will make you up a neat serviceable overcoat
I from covert cloth, which we will guarantee to
jl give you entire satisfaction.
£-j If you need a suit our $10.00 made-to-order
£ suits are worth inspecting.
§ Send or call for samples of these overcoats
I S. N. WOOD & CO., I
II 718 Market Street and
f\^ Corner Powell and Eddy.
hands and hearts, and here by the flaming
!n. use-altar of our loyalty, in high enthusiasm
for humanity and in fear of God. dedicate our
selves together in holy covenant to the service
of this university and the cause it represents.
After a Uibilee overture by the orchestra
Rev. Horatio Stebbins delivered the bene
diction .in.i the ceremonies were at an
end.
ALUMNI BANQUET.
Graduates Honor the New
President and Other Guests
The alumni banquet in honor of the new !
president of the University of California, :
held in the maple room of the Palace
Hotel last night, was a fitting climax to ,
the formal inaugural ceremonies of the
day. For f< ur hours graduates, pro- i
fossors and regents made merry round
the festive board. .*_'.. ,
President (Vheeler was then introduced. |
He thanked the alumni for the cordiality
of their reception and the support which
they gave him. He concluded his re- j
marks with a tribute to that body, hoid- ;
in^ that ;t was not the endowment but the i
suDDOrt of alumni and alumnae that !
" Sandwiched in between the speeches !
came the Glee Club's college songs. The
banquet was a complete success in every
particular, over 175 being present, includ
ing both alumni and alumnae.
would make the university great
It was a late hour when the last song
floated <hrorgh the maple room, and the
banaueters parted, after a rising toast to
the new president 'he guests of honor
and their alma mater. I . : B IJI
New York's Favorite Ale
la Evans' and 'twas won by merit. •
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP BOOT.
LIFE SAVED BY SWAMP-ROOT
The Wonderful New Discovery
in Medical Science.
*
SAMPLE BOTTLE SENT FREE BY MAIL.
Swamp-Root, discovered by the emi-
nent kidney and bladder specialist. Is
wonderfully successful in promptly cur-
ing kidney, bladder and uric acid trou-
bles.
Some of the early symptoms of weak
kidneys are pain or dull ache in the
back, rheumatism, dizziness, headache.
nervousness, catarrh of the bladder,
gravel or calculi, bloating, sallow com-
plexion, puffy or dark circles under th»
eyes, suppression of urine or com-
pelled to pass water often day and
night.
The mild and extraordinary effect of
the famous new discovery, Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, is soon realized. It
stands the highest for its wonderful
cures of the most distressing cases. If
you need a medicine you should have
the best.
Sold by druggists in 50-cent and SI
sizes. You may have a sample bottle
of Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root and a
pamphlet that tells all about it, includ-
ing many of the thousands of letters
received from sufferers cured, both sent
free by mail. Write Dr. Kilmer & Co.,
Binghamton, N. V.. and please men-
tion that you read this generous offer
in the San Francisco Daily Call.
CITED CITIZENS !
All citizens who have RE-
CEIVED POSTAL CARDS to
show cause why THEIR NAMES
SHOULD NOT BE CANCELED
from the Register can call at the
REGISTRATION OFFICE be-
tween 9 A. M. and 10 P. M.
J. STEPPACHER,
Registrar of Voters.
♦o-^-o-*-©-*- o-*-o-»-o -•- o-»-o-*-*o-«-o-»-o-«-o-«t
'* m i imiii hi— ■— i
° -» O
•♦ 9 Natural Mineral Water ?
4 SSm. known for centuries and ♦
O IL*fst% Imported q
° ,cjil% ONLY IN BOTTLES. ♦
o J^lilra or Disordered Stomach ♦
° &&m?i and Indi s estion - ?
0 $55J552581ts value has been testi- O
1 I VICHY I So-called Vichy in Sy- 9
fe'-^flMiTiJ lions T
0 ||reftji IS NOT VICHY - t
♦' p '^^^^ ■ Get the Genuine. . $
P fs£vi.l£ic&&&t Your physician O
♦ MX iJrtSWTjS wlll recommend It. ♦
+ A. VIOKIER, Distributing Agent £
-•- o-»-o-»-o-»-o-«-o-«-o ■♦■ o-»-o-»-o -♦-O-»-O-»-.0-«»
ALL AILMENTS OF MEN CURED,!
DR. METERS & CO. have tTie largest prao- M
tlce and best equipped medical Institution Gl
, on the Pacific Coast. Established 17 years. ■
! PRIVATE BOOK and advice free at office M
I or by mat). All letters confidential. El
! 731 Market St., San Francisco. i
II FORTUNES A. I
I JS In '
}
1 OIL STOCK
B Prospectus and Maps Frea *
1 206 Kearny St. San Francisco I
a z
I Listed on California Oil Exchange
Oculists'
Eye=Glasses
Are not an experiment. When made by us they
fit. Nor do they tilt or waver with the new
clip. 50 cents.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Quick repairing.
Factory on premises. Phone Main 10.
JS7i/lul^iSdfS{iQ
PHOTON scientific -
642 Market St. instruments
' UMDC3 CnONiC^r. flw M»u
 Transcontinental tourists and tray- I
n elers from all over the United ■ States I
show their appreciation of the ; excel- T
| lence of the .;'■ I
GRAND
by making these hotels their headquar- "i
1 ters wiille In San ■ Francisco. Fourteen ' ',
< hundred rooms. 900 with — largest '>.
i and finest In the world. "
i JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK. Manager. f,
■•••>»•••-•--•■••••••••«•«■•»•*
>'y4C9fekf«» ■ *"? •» w » non-pomonotai
±tl&2SS&o^^tots£i3 rrmedy for Gonorrhoea.
?/fMis^€ollE!*^>iW <- ; l,^t. Spermatorrhoea
jflSB/in Ito & dajo. Whites, unnatural ills*
eSfflßf Gcaraatocd \J charges, or any inflamma»
{S*-j not to stricture. tion, : irritation or ulcer**
H"*— Tl Prevents conttKion. tion of mucous mem-
?J»&THEEVAN3CHEMICJLCO. tot «' Non-ttstringent.
Mi UINCINNATI.O Scld by * > *-* 9r
TEHEr*. C " A ZSR^ or ieDt in plain vrmppet,
H&BBBgv ' " A \^iA by express, prepaid, foi
m Clrcmar Mat <m raaaafc
BOCA HOTEL.
FINEST HUNTING AND FISHING ONTHB
Trucks* River; pleasant sunny rooms, food
boating on lake; boats free to. guests, price*
reasonable, |S to $10 per week; special rates Jot
families. W. J. MCDONALD, Ma.aa«iK
3no_textno_text4
SUGGESTIONS FOR
A BETTER NAVY
Admiral Melville Sub
mits His Report.
Bprc'al DUpatcb ro The Call.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 25.— Tho throe
leading features of the annual report of
Admiral Melville, engineer In chief of the
navy, are tho chapl ted to per
sonnel, to the merits of olectric versus
siea:n machinery and the proposition to
lidate the naval construction work.
The general lessons of the war, it is
said, were In no way indicative of any
desirable change in the machinery of our
with the exception of increasing
thf evaporating r- a "* s and the adoption
with all practicable and economical
promptness of the water tube typa of
boilers.
Admiral Melville expresses his Inabil
ity to Bee indications of the benefits to
the navy which were expected to result
from the operations of the personnel. He
said that his hope was to see a vast ad
dition to the number of officers who
would give attention to engineering mat
ters, and he still hopes that a compre
hensive union of the line of engineering
vocations will result and that no depart
ment regulations may be permitted which
Will prevent this consummation. Depart
mental regulations Insisting upon service
of the line officers alternately in the en
gine rooms as well as on deck are neces
sary, he says, to give them practice.
An Important chapter in the report
deals with the scope of the work now
executed by the Bureau of Steam En
gineering, which is set out in order to
combat the proposition to amalgamate
the constructive bureaus of the Navy De
partment, a matter which the admiral re
grets has area been speculated on.
He says that not only '- the trend of
modern mechanical works in all branches
toward incre;u*od specialization, but the
wisdom of such a trend Is not questioned
by the leading talent in the outside world
of constructive work.
The Steam Engineering Bureau has
finally arrived at the conclusion that it is
a mistaken policy to carry so far along
the practice of driving the auxiliary ma
chinery of ships by electricity, and the
present report presents a strong line of
reasoning to support it.
SIX HEATS
TO DECIDE
THE RACE
Dr. Frasse Wins the Special
Heat for Named Horses
at Los Angeles.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS AXGELRS, Oct. 25.— The gates of
Agricultural Park who thrown open to
tho ladies to-day and the grand stand was
a t-ea of color. The infield was congested
with fashionable equipages, and perfect
weather, coupled with a good racing card,
helped to make the fourth day of the
Agricultural Association's meet a success.
The special trot for named horses was
tho feature of the day. In this race
Phoebe Childers won the first two heats
co easily that she was looked upon as a
sure winner, but Dr. Frasse, in the hands
ot Driver Bunch, captured three heats
and the race. Childers and Ned Thome,
his only opponents, being unsteady after
tho second heat, though Thome took the
tilth heat.
In the hurdle handicap P F, at even
money, won under a pull from Burmah.
tho favorite. Duffy, on Rosamore, was
thrown at the fourth hurdle, his foot
being badly injured.
Windy Jim came under the wire first in
the four and a half furlongs, but he was
relegated to the last place, having fouled
Cowboy in the stretch. Cowboy arrived
a neck behind Windy Jim and was given
first money.
Yule, the favorite, won tho seven fur
long event handily. Results:
Trotting, special for named horses, three la
five; puna i&uO:
Dr. Frasse (Bunch) 5 2 114 1
Phoebe Childers (Blue) 1 13 2 2 2
Ned Thome (Hellman) 2 5 2 3 1 S
Ltsterine (Clark) 3 3 4 5 E •
Dollican (Smith) * 4 5 4 3*
Time. 2:15*4. 2:13. 2:14, 2:14 H. 2:17. 2:19.
Xjos Angeles Driving Club road race, two in
three:
Pewey (Dr. W. TV. Hitchcock) 1 1
L.ilero (Frank G. Schumacher) —.' 2 3
Ijirrey It. William I^e M -'* Wills) 3 2
Milock (Dr. L.. M. Moore) 4 4
Time, 2:39, 2:3<s'*.
Hurdle, handicap, mile and a quarter, over
five hurdles: rurso $300:
1' r. l"0 (Calms), even 1
Burmaii. 147 (Mattier), 7 to 1C 2
Rnssmcre, 127 (Duffy), 3 to 1 3
Time, 2:17*4.
Four and a half furlonn; purse $250 Se
mper I^eon. SO (Stewart), 2 to 1, won; Black
Orphan, 94 (Fauntleroy). - to I second; Artlsa,
109 (Jones). 4 to 1. third. Time, 1:09. Daisy
R, Deluge, La. Chinopas, Aba.no, Shannon,
B«»rna and Jennl« V a.lf>r> ran.
Four and a half furlongs; purse $2."0 — Cow
boy, 109 (Fuentz), erven, won; Aitara, 105 (Stew
art). 4 to 1. second^ Cue, 108 (J. Jones). 10 to
L third. Time, :&5. Alas, Pictou and Windy
Jim also ran.
Seven furlongs, selling. three-y««r-nHs and
upward; purse {250— Yule, 106 (J. Weber), 4 to
6. won; Vine. v- r .< (Stewart), even, second;
Strorobo, S3 (Fauntleroy). 4 to 1, third. Time,
I:2S. Musey and Purniah also ran.
LAND OFFICE CLOSED.
Dawes Commission Completes the En
rollment of Chickashas.
MUSKOGEE. T. T.. Oct. 25.— Tho Daw<-s
commission closed the land offico at Ok
mulgee thli -.1 will open ;it Uub
knse'e r >n the lirst. Th.- commfssion has
' the enrollment of '"hickashas,
which Is 17,000, and !men. The
Creeks allotment mils have rea bed
Including fr^edmen. Thp commission Is
ring its report for Congress.
Colony In Mexico.
AUSTIN, Oct. 25.— A dispatch from Vic
toria. State of Tamaulipas, Mexico, says
that a concession has been granted by the
Mexican Government for the establish
ment of a large German colony in that
State. Over 500 families of Germans will be
located on a lance tract of rich land with
in the next twelve months. •
FACSIMILE OF HEAD OF CASK.
TRADE MARK.
From
DUFF CORDON & CO.;
Port St. Mary's, Spain.
CHARLES MEINKCICB A CO.,
AscnU Pacific Coaat, 314 Sacramento Streat,
Baa Francisco, Cal.
JEFFRIES
LETS UP IN
HIS WORK
Champion Spars a Lively
Six-Round Match With
Tommy Ryan.
Special Pif- ' CMt>
NEW YORK. Oct. 25.— Having satisfied
himself that his -wind is now good and
physical condition almost up to the atan
ard of excellence required lor champion
ship lights. James J. Jeffries has cut down
his programme work slightly. The new
order of things went into' effect at the
Jeffries camp, at Allenhurst. N. J., to
day. Instead of taking a six or seven mile
run, as has been the custom since he be
gan to prepare for the contest with Shar
key, the California!! took only two miles
of road work. The style of his work is
rent from that which marked the six
and seven mile journeys. On the lung
runs he jogged the greater part of the
distance. To-day he sprinted about a
hundred yards, then slowed down for a
like distance and sprinted at the end. He
was paced by a bicycle and although a
stiff rate of speed was maintained by the
rider, the world's champion was not far
behind at the finish.
In addition to the road exercise. Jef
fries had 11 six-round bout with Tommy
Ryan. They mixed things up in lively
fashion uring the eighteen minutes fight
ing, and 'effrlea did not appear at all dis
tressed at the conclusion of the exhibi
tion. His injured left hand appears all
right again and he made considerable use
of it in delivering and stopping blows,
The Californlan also played several games
of handball and had a short wrestling
bout with Roeber.
Jeffries looked considerably lighter than
when he fought FiUssimmons, but his
muscles seem much harder and there Is
less superfluous flesh on his body than
when he exchanged blows with the for
mer world's champion. Jeffries pays that
he is in fine Bhape and he is confident he
will be able to successfully defend the
title of champion of the world against
Sharkey when they meet at the Coney
Island Club's arena on November 3.
Bharkey' work of to-day was of a very
mild character, consisting of Jogging on
the road. Tom O'Rourke, who looked the
pallor pugilist over critically, said ho was
satisfied with Shark^y? condition, and
ndded that if the sailor was in ns good
physical trim on November 3 as he Is
now he had no fears of the resnlt.B^B^B^
THE MEN COMPARED.
Measurements of the Champion and
His Rival.
JEFFRIES. SHARXEY.
6 ft 14 1n... Ileieht 5 ft. &H In.
213 pounds Wtlght I*o pounds
70»i in Reach 70 in.
74 in.' . Neck IS in.
43V* in Ctawt <*« in.
45 In Chest, expanded 4.4 in.
23 in Waist ..83/ in.
U% in Thigh 22V in.
lCi in Calf Wj n.
8 in Wrist ..-S in
-13 in Forearm 1- 1 in.
j;,i,. in Biceps 15 In.
24 \enrs kg* 28 years
"When Jeffries and Sharkey fight at
Coney Island November 3 it will be a
meeting of the two greatest close-quarter
fighters that ever put on gloves. Their
huge .arms and massive shoulder develop
ment enables them to send In awful
punches at short range, and In these
drives of six or eight Inches, Jeffries
standing 6 feet 1 inch, will bo at a dis
advantage.
In other styles of fighting, however,
this extra height will give the champion
an advantage. His Jaw will of necessity
be farther away from the sailor a ter
rific hooks, and Tom's straight punches
will seldom reach his face. Taking the
fighters as they are to-day it would seem
impossible to find two men more evenly
matched. "What Kharkov lacks in height
and reach he makes up in speed. He Is
especially deficient in reach. Of the six
prominent heavy-weights before the pub
lic now, his is the shortest reach of all.
Jeffries Is first with 76* inches, McCoy
is next with 76 inches, then Fitzsimmons
75Vs. Maher 74. Corbett 73, and lastly
Sharkey, whose longest reach of arm
measures only 70 inches.
This little matter of six and three
fourths inches does not affect Sharkey's
confidence in the least. The burly sailor
won't start in to make this bout a spar
ring match. He expects from the first
tap of the bell to go in and plug, with a
chance of landing on a vital spot the
blow that will pet the money.
Jeffries looks for nothing else than this
same business of slugging and Is prepar
ing himself accordingly.
He expects Sharkey to come in with a
rush, and thinks that the sailor will be
in distress before he gets to where his
short-arm blows will count. The cham
pion is a typical two-handed fighter and
a blow landed properly with either hand
will stun Sharkey as he comes in.
Whatever style they choose at the be
ginning of the fight, slugging will follow
to a certainty, and the man that first
reaches the spot at which he aims will
win. ____^_________
SAN MATEO PARK DRAW
The San Mateo Coursing Park officials?
have arranged a big programme for the
second meeting 1 on their new grounds. In
addition to the final of the Inaugural
stake, there will also be one round and
the final of the consolation from last
Sunday, a puppy stake with thirty-two
entries and an open stake with fifty-two.
The prizes in the two stakes aggregate
$SSS. N. P. Whiting's Minneola and Cur
tis & Sons 1 Cash will meet to determine
the possession of first and second money
in the inaugural stake. This, which is
practically a match, will be run after
luncheon on Sunday. The draw last night
resulted as follows:
Puppy stake— G. Ehmann's Target vs. George
Watson's Moonstone; Jeff Martinett'a Buxton
vs George Pint if Mischief; "W. Calms' Gladys
Welter vs. Jeff Martinett's Bernal Chief; R.
E. de B Lopez's Peplta vs. J. Linehan's
Racine; Jeff Martinetfa Bally Brass vs. J.
Ferris' Leah; Curtis & Son's Flying Fox vs.
Daly & Sirbein's Lady Oswald; W. Cairns'
Imperial vs. George Beuhn's Monogram; Bar
tels Bros.' Ben's Babe vs. Bartels Bros. 1 Bor
der's Best: A Van den Burgh's Kitty V vs.
F. Rothman's Justice; C. Ktrahle's Three
Cheers vs. George Pinto' § Glad Hand; ,T.
O' Shea's Golden Rule vs. Bartels Bros." Ball
room Belle; Jeff Martlnett'i Bernal Boy vb.
A. Van den Burgh's Naughty Girl; P. McCabe's
Sky Blue vs. V. A. McComb'a Judge Wallace;
R. E. de B. Lopez's Carm^ncita vs. J. Fitz
gerald's Fair Lily; F. A. MoComb's Storm King
vs. F. Chambll « Princess Royal; J. Print's
Thunderbolt vs. Pasha Kennels' Royal Anne.
Open stake— H. F. Anderson's Crawford Lad
vs. J. Dlckson's Stack Bean; J. P. Thrift's
Forgive vs. F. 8. McCull nigh' Rowena; Lynch
& Flee's Scarf pin vs. W. J. Jones' Rustan;
Dromon & Bettencourt's Forget .Me Not vs.
J. Jones' Gallivant; W. J. Jones' Prince
Jerome vb. W. J. Jones' I.ndy Marlon; T.
Sullivan's Maid of (lie Hill vs. E. McCormick's
Valley Foryp; Ed Wilson's Magnet vs. J.
Keonan's Royal Oak; A. < .'. Bradbury's Sar
donic vs. B. Chella's Golden Russett: H. Allen's
Miss Lois vs. E. Kip's Newsboy; Daly A Sle
beln ■ Bhylock Boy vs. Ed Wilson's Magnesia;
M. London's Sharkey vs. W. Creamer's Report;
T. Atkins' Merry Monarch vs. J. Keenan's
Royal Buck: H. Allen's Alberta vs. J. Far
ley's Cash Day; T. V. Logan's Gladys Pasha
vs. J. J. Edmonds' Go On; T. F. Logan's Miss
Grizzle vs. C. L. Appl«by'« Little Sister: B.
Campbell's Any Shore v«. M. London's Mag
neto; R. E. de B. Lopez's Minnie YV& TV a vs.
A. Hngjrerman'n Ltllia H; J. •L. Ross* Just
Tip \( P. Mcqabe's Bnney Boy; R. E. de B.
Lopez's Wliltehead vs. W. P. Conlan's Peace
ful Olen; F. Murphy's Gilt Edge vs. W. Cream
er's Jpss» Moore: .1. Seggerson's White Chief
vs.. ] O'Bhea'B Young- America: George Eh
msnn's Fireman v«. A. C. Bradbury's Bum;
J. L, Robs' Jessica vs. Daly & Slebeln's Gypsy;
J. Keenan's Black Lock vs. J. O'Rhea's Golden
Gate; J. Jones' Moonlight v«. J. Severs*
Gold Hill; Pasha Kennels' Rest Assured vs
P. McKone** Rlgby. >
Oil Fields Sold.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 25.-Another larga
deal has been consummated in the local
oil fl^lfls. the firm of Easton, El
drldge & Co. having sold the Yukon Oil
Company plant on View avenue to a
Son Francisco company, headed by Henry
J. Crocker. The property consists of a
valuable plant, operating: In the western
field with an output of between 5000 and
6000 barrels per month and with unde
veloped territory that will guarantee as
much more. The terms of Bale are not
.given.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1899.
Siecorda 97fade in the Sporting 11/orld.
CHALLENGER
TO BE BUILT
BY JAMESON
Yacht Shamrock's Successor'
Will Be Given the Name
Hibernta.
Special IMspatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 25.— The Evening
Post says: There is a strong probability i
that tho next challenger for the Ameri- ;
caß cup •will be Major Eustace Jameson,
M. P. He Is a warm friend of Sir Thomas
Upton and witnessed tho races between j
the Shamrock and the Columbia.
Should Major Jameson challenge ,
he will have the Shamrock . for j
a trial horse. Anybody who challenges >
will be welcome to the yacht for such a
purpose, but Major Jameson would be )
particularly bo because of the friendship ;
existing between lie and Sir Thomas. The 1
Jameson boat would very probably be
built from a Watson design, and, It Is ;
said, would be built at Belfast, ex-Lord
Mayor Pirrie, the head of the firm of Har- ;
i lana & Wolff, being quit© willing to un
dertake the work.
Even the name of the boat has been
discussed. Rnd while some of the mutual
friends of both the major and Sir Thomas
ware in favor of having it called Sham
rock, the most favored name was Hi- ■
bernta. Major Jameson might challenge
through the Kingstown Royal i acht
Club, but will probably send it, if at ail,
through either the Royal Ulsters or the
Royal Corks.
The crew of the yacht Shamrock to-day
continued at Erie basin the stowing away
of the racing gear and the preparation of
the yacht for her passage across the At
lantic.
Designer William Fife Jr.. Hugh McGill
Downey. Bharman Crawford and Hugh
Kelly, the last named three representing :
the Royal Ulster Yacht Club, with Will
lam Ratsey, the sailmaker, sailed on the
•mi.; Majestic to-day for LJverpool. ■.
Mr. Fife Is still quite Hi with inflammatory
rheumatism. He was carried on board the
steamer on a stretcher.
AMERICANS ON LONG SHOTS.
Masterly Riding of Yankee Jockeys
in Newmarket Races.
LONDON, Oct. 25.— At the Xewmarket
Houghtoa meeting to-day My Lady's
Maid, ridden by Sloan, betting 10 to l, won
the Newmarket second welter handicap.
Bes. Pogi <3 to 1. ridden by Martin, was
second.
The now Nursery plate was captured by
Bournebridge, at 10 to 1. ridden by L.
Reiff. Luoitnia. 7to 1, ridden by J. Relff.
ted second. Sloan rode Prrdicus, S to
Sloan brought L.utetia. 2 to 1, home ln
for the Chovaly stakes.
The Cambridgeshire stakes were won by
' Irish Ivy. Airs and Gracos, ridden by 1,.
. was second, and Mazeppa finished
Sloan had the mount on Sly Fox,
m unplaced among twenty-five
starters. The batting was 100 to 9 against
Airs and Graces and 100 to 7 against Sly
Fox.
Money Pot won a maiden plate, L. Reiff,
on Forward, finished second. Sloan rode
Sago man. unplaced. The betting was 100
to 12 against Forward and 5 to 1 against
Sagaman.
The Subscription stakes was won by
Chinook, with Slnpn in the saddle. There
were only three starters. The betting was
5 to 2 against Chinook.
Race at Covelo.
COVEL.O, Oct. 25.— The Covelo Driving
Park race meet closed to-day. There was
one race with four entries for a purse of
1160 Rubin Hood won, Mollie A second, i
; Sam Mount third. Time :52. 1
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACETRACK, Wednesday, October 25. 1899.—Twenty
eighth day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club.
Weather fine. Track fast.
BASEBALL
SEASON ON
LAST LAP
Gossip and Notes of the Dia
mond Athletes — Sheridan
Will Umpire.
The series of games last week left the
four teams of the league in about ihe
same relative positions. Sacramento has
hold the first place in the column for so
lons that thefans are of a common opinion
that no change will be made this season.
This may be so, or It may not. An in
jection of a email dope of chance one. way
rr the other may force San Francisco up
to the top notch, and when the season is
over, at :he end of next month, the locals
may have the pennant. The fight between
Oakland and Santa Cruz for third place
Still continues. Ap they are but 2 per cent
apart In rank, for all practical pur
poses they may be said to be tied.
A curiosity of last week's games was
the even break. Each team won and lost
a game, and as only two games were
played on account of the rain Saturday
afternoon, the expected change In rank
ing did not happen. This week may bring
what half the fans are praying for, a
switching of positions by the first two
and by the last two teams. The standing
of the clubs is as follows:
John Sheridan, well known on Eastern
as well ns local diamonds aa an umpire of
undoubted ability, will he seen at Recrea
tion Park Saturday and Sunday afternoon
and Sunday morning on the Oakland
gnmnil?. He will be the arbiter on those
occasions.
In this city San Francisco and Santa
Cruz will cross bats for the afternoon
pame and In Oakland Sunday morning.
Oakland and Sacramento will play In the
capital.
Rig Bill Lange Is now a familiar figure
a loner the line, and many Interesting
things does he tell about Eastern baee
ball. In regard to first base men, the
league has quite a few erackerjarks, and
Lance says. In relation to the ambition of
local players to get into the big league,
that a pood player should not waste his
time at the first bag if he expects to play
In the National League. That position is
always filled by men who have become
gray' in the service, thoroughly experi
. and too slow for the faster work of
other positions.
It 1* a singular thing that Harper has
won but a single game, since he has r>ren
with Oakland, yet his pitching has been
of the llncst quality.
Ib'-rg and Sullivan are wanted by the
Kfistern managers and may soon be
signed.
Van Haltren and Donlin will soon be
seen in town.
Harris is on the kick because he di i
not get the game Saturday. The locals
had a blcr lead when the rain cut off the
game, which was called a draw.
A week from Sunday San Francisco nn~
Santa Cruz will play in Vallejo. the latter
team trying out the Vallejo battery. The
game will be a test as to the possibilities
of the town as a place for the playing of
league games next season.
BATHOS WILL
TAKE A LOT
OF BEATING
Bit of Fashion Beaten by the
Montana Colt— Four Win-
ning Choices.
Bit of Fashion, the crack Eastern filly
owned by Burns & Waterhouse, again
cast a feeling of gloom over her admirers
and backers at Oakland yesterday. She
started once before at tho meeting and
her defeat on that particular occasion was
ascribed to lack of condition. Yesterday
in a three-cornered contest at seven fur
longs Bathos, tho Montana-bred colt,
showed his heels to the Easterner from
the start. In the first betting Princess
Zeika and Bit of Fashion opened equal
choices, with Bathos the outsider. So
much coin went in on the Burns & Water
house filly that the odds against the Prin
cess went to S to 5. The race developed a
surprise. To a pretty start Ruiz took the
lead with Bathos and, holding the colt
well together, won all the way, finishing
three lengths ahead of the two young
misses, which were lighting it out des
perately for the place. Thorpe, on the
favorite, had the best of the saddle ar
gument with Ward, winning by a neck.
Southern Girl, the stablemate of Bit of
Fashion and formerly considered her in
ferior, scored her second win in the six
furlong sprint for all ages. She had Sat
sunia to beat, and performed the feat
very creditably. An 11 to 20 favorite, th^
aged horse, nut at bis best anyway, could
nut get within hailing distance at the
close. The winner now looks to be the
better of this brace of high-priced horse
flesh, apparently being able to continue
on, after stepping the distance in 1:15 flat.
The racing card offered turf-goers had
more of a class twang to it than any yet
furnished during the season, and in conse
quence the attendance was large. Favor
ites were mure than fairly successful, cap
turing four of six purses.
Thorpe, astride Wilmeter, landed the
opening event, a cheap six furlong selling
dash, at odds of 4 to 1. He had his mount
in front from the jump, leading My Dear
past the stand three lengths. Shannon
ette nos«d Alaska, the second choice, out
f».r third place. _
Trainer "Butch" Fisher started Plan In
the six furlong run, third on the card, for
the first time this season. The chestnut's
price drifted fmm 6 to 5 to threes, and he
won like breaking sticks. Chihuahua
closed favorite, but blew up, after chas
ing out In the lead with Sybaris. T.
Walsh, astride Plan, went sightseeing at
tho stretch turn and then held his field
safe. Sybaris was second,, a neck before
Sal He Goodwin.
Barney Schrelber's colors were seen for
the first time on Forte, winner of the mile
and a sixteenth affair. The bay gelding
received HUbstantial support, closing a
pronounced choice, and coming through In
the stretch under Ward's clever handling,
downed Donator with considerable to
Rainier could not repeat, landing
in the show.
The 4 to 1 shot Montellade almost
created a flutter of excitement by his
showing in the closing mile run. He led
the field Into the stretch, but was gradu
ally overhauled and beaten out by the fa
vorite Rosinante. also piloted by Ward.
Show honors fell to Morlnel.
Track Notes.
St. Anthony was recently purchased
from E. Corrigan by "Frisco" Lind. Po
tente, another member of the Corrigan
string, Is now in the etable of Galen
Hr.iwn.
According to a telegram received at
Oakland yesterday, Fred Foster with a
stable of fourteen horses will leave Chi
cago for California next Monday. Yellow
tail and Peace are among the lot.
-idlng Judge Murphy rendered the
following ruling from the stand yester
day: For suspicious rides on Sorrow and
Katie Gibbons, Jockey McCloskey Is ruled
off the turf. On October IS Rio Chlco was
apparently not ridden to win by J. Brown,
finishing among the "also rans." Two
days later Brown again rode Rio Chico
and the sprinter was played for a good
thing, just being beaten the last few
jumps by Lodestar. Brown was also ruled
off. When Rainier was beaten by Festoso
on Tuesday Jockey Buchanan apparently
evinced no great desire to win, riding con
trary to orders. One or two previous ef
forts of the same rider looked none too
clean and be was likewise ruled off. \V.
Short and Leo Solomon were warned off
the Oakland track for making money
propositions to Jockey McCloskey. Short
told* McClosbey he would get a bet down
for him whenever that rider thought he
could win, and Judge Murphy contends
that a person who will do this is very apt
to make counter propositions. Leo Solo
mon was accused of the same offense.
The Honig stables were reinstated.
To-Day's Entries.
First rnee, five furlongs; nil a#es; purse.
204 Mnnda 103' 206 The Ottering.... 97
2in Inrtra lla. 20$ Alaska 107
in T.mrist I Ml I 16S Jennie Glbb 107
208 Shannonette ....K4| ... TUona 9.1
... St. AppoHnaris..lo.v ... Al 116
176 Olinthus 110 1 163 Spry Lark 10S
Second race— Seven furlongs; selling; three
is and up.
ISS O'Connor 97: ISI Meadowlark I<"*9
2ns San Carlos 109' 191 Semlramlde 102
167 Yaruba 97; 205 Whaleback 104
T'.ilrd race— Seven furlongs; selling-; three
year-olds and up.
185 Socialist 1031 189 Petal 92
207 Lost Girl 921 195 Snips 97
Fourth race— Six furlongs; two-year-olds;
purae.
179 Silver Bullion ..108 1 *08 The Echo 10R
lOfi Expedient 105, 148 El Arte 10.')
iM Mandamus Ml} JOS Lorelio 100
(133 1 Essence 106' ... Allanette 100
Fifth race— One and a sixteenth miles; three
yoar-olds and up; handicap.
a9s)Allola 102f ISO Twinkle Twlnk. 99
205 Oralbee 93; 213 Ringmaster 101
182 Watossa. 93 (2(>4)R10 Chlco 100
Sixth race— Six furlongs; aelllngr; three-year
olds and up.
... Dolore 103 1 147 Berkele; Rose ..104
ISI Libertine U2j 124 Hohen-sollern ...112
(lfi7)Tlburon 104 180 Don Luis 109
202 Horton 1071
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Ollnthus. Spry Lark, The Offer
ing.
Second race— O'Connor, Meadowlark, Whale
back.
Third race — Socialist, Petnl, Snips.
Fourth race— Silver Bullion, Essence, The
Echo.
Fifth race— R'.o Chlco. Oralbee, Alicia 1 .
Sixth race— Hohenzollern, Horton, Libertine.
KENTUCKY LOTTERY.
MONTREAL. Oct. 24.— The regular monthly
drawing for October of The Canadian Royal
Art Union, by which the winning prizes of The
Kentucky Lottery are decided, was held here
to-day. The first six winning numbers were
-86194, $15,000; 69089, $4000: 70219, $2000; 36761 $1000 :
43620. $c 00; 18704, $500. • '
Harvard Wins at Golf.
NEW YORK, Oct. 25.-Harvard won the
team championship of the Intercollegiate
Golf Association to-day, on the Garden
City links, beating Princeton by eight
points or twenty-one holes to two. By
winning to-day, Harvard not only secures
the championship for another year but
places herself on an equality with Yale
in the number of victories, each having
won twice.
Cleveland at a Football Game.
PRINCETON. N. J., Oct. 25.-Princeton
defeated Lehigh to-day— l 7to oln two
fifteen-minute halves. Mr. and Mrs
Grover Cleveland were among the spec
tators.
Postofflce Bobbed.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 25.-The Postofflce
at ; Duarte was robbed last night. Postal
Inspector M. H. j Flint was apprised of
the facts this morning. The thief or
thieves obtained $100 In stamps and $5 In
money. Entrance wan obtained through
a window, where the safe was found to
be open. The r robbers just took every
thing In Sieht. Thara is M a alant. c¥ <">
MIDWEEK
STAKE GIVES
GOOD SPORT
Rollicking Airs Wins at Union
Coursing Park, With Pretty-
Girl Runner Up.
The coursing fortunes of the Pasha
Kennels seem on the mend. Following The '
victories of Emm Pasha and Metallic at
Dallas , Texas, last week in the American [
Waterloo, comes the success of Rollicking j
Airs In the midweek reserve stake at
Union Park yesterday. J. 11. Perigo's i
Pretty Girl was the runner-up. In the j
final Rollicking- Airs was Installed a warm
favorite. She led up by several lengths
and took the first turn. Her opponent
then secured possession, which she main
tained for aome time. Rollicking Airs
came again near the end of the course ;
and won ultimately by a score of 21 to 12. j
The attendance was unusually large for [
midweek. The sport was of even quality
throughout, possessing little of a sensa
tional character. Geraldine beat McKin
ley, a 12 to 1 favorite. The latter was un
sighted for a time, but was outworked
when he finally got In. Dolly Varden ran
three "undecidpds" with Rich and Art
less, and was then drawn from the stakes.
Nellie Bawn beat Motto at 1 to 3, and Rol
licking Airs beat Random Aim at the
same odds. The result of the coursing
follows:
Curtis & Son's Commoiinrf beat J. Neary's
St. Andrew, 10 — 4; J. Watklns 1 Still True beat
I'asha Kennels' Ready Answer, 6-4; Pasha
Kennels' Right Arm beat (Jrohman & Betten
oourt'a Forget Me Not, 11—8; Maher & Rdrt'j
Uncle Fuller beat W. H. fh^ar's Fury, s—o;
P. J. Nolte'B Rich and Artless beat John Charl
ton & Son's Dolly Varden (withdrawn after
three "no-goes"); F. C. Mark* Delia M beat
W. H Shear's Flame, R-2: Handy & Smith's
Terrona beat I. F. Halton'B Tic tac, 3—2; P.
Doyle's Wild Monarch beat Aeneid Kennels'
Aeneas, 38— *: Handy & Smith's Victor (a
1.v.->; Maher & Reid's Pat Reilly beat W. H.
Jones' Lady Marian, 6—o; \V. C. Glasson's
•lay Bella b^at W. H. Jones' Rustan, 7—.".; J.
Monney'a Silent Treasure beat Ed Wilson's
Magr.eala, 4-u; W. H. Jones' Prince Jerome
beat Curtis & Son's Vanity Fair, 22—8; Sterl
& Kimwles Frosty Morn beat \V. C. Glaeson's
Miss Manila, 4—3; W. C. Glasson's Terronite
beat E. Fitzgerald's Fair Lillle, 10—8; Maher
*i Reid's Nellie Bawn beat F. A. McCumh's
Motto, 10—7; J. H. Periga's Lady Davenport
iifat 3. Nrary*i Touchepas, n— -i; P. J. M<
l.'abe's Boney Hoy beat J. H. Peril's Way
farer, 5— 2; J. Dean's Belle of Anderson t.eat
Oorge Lahpser.'s Fireball, 6—4; J. H. Pertgo'p
Pretty Girl beat Pasha Kennels" Random Aim,
B—2; J. H. Smith's Merced beat J. Watkins'
Beauty, 4—l; J. P. Thrift's Forgive beat M.
London's Sharkey 12—2: Pasha Kennels' Rol
licking Airs beat C. C. Griswold's Madge Wild
fire, 14—1; J. Ronning's Geraidtne beat Curtis
& Son's McKlnley, 14—12.
Second round— Still True heat Geraidlne, B—4;
t'ncle Fuller beat night Aim. IS— 0; Delia M
beat Rich and Artless, 3—l; Terrona beat Wild
Monarch, S-7; Pp.t Reilly beat Victor. 6—4;
Joy Bells beat Silent Treasure, 9—5; Prince
Jerome heat Frosty Morn, 13—11; Nellie Bawn
beat Terrontte, 18— IS; Boney Boy beat Lady
Davenport, 6—2; Pretty Girl beat Belle of
Anderson, 5—4; Forglv? beat Merced, 5 — 3; Rol
licking; Airs beat Oraldine. C— o.
Third round— Still True beat Uncle Fuller,
13-5; Terrona beat Delia M, 5—3; Pat Reilly
beat Joy Bells, 20—12; Nellie Bawn beat Prince
Jerome, 13— S; Pretty Girl beat Boney Boy,
14— 8: Rollicking Airs beat Forgive. U— 6.
Fourth round— Still True beat Terrona, 9—6;
Pretty Girl beat Pat Reilly. 12—1; Rollicking
Airs heat Nellie Bawn, in — n.
Fifth round-Pretty Girl beat Still True,
11—4; Rollicking Airs (a bye).
Final— Rollicking Airs beat Pretty Girl, 21—
13.
UNION PARK ENTRIES.
The programme for Union Coursing
Park on Saturday and Sunday Includes
an all-age stake and a sapling stake, for
which a total of ninety-six entries have
been received. The prices offered are as
follows: Sapling stake— First, $35; runner
up, $20; next two, $10 each; next four, $5
each; total, $05. All-age— First, $110; run
ner-up, $75; third, $50; next two, $30 each;
next five, $20 each; next ten, $12 50 each;
next twenty, $7 50 each: total, $670. The
draw last night resulted as follows:
Sapling stake. Flxteen entries— J. P. Thrift's
Tar o' Hill W. I'asha Kennels' Reckless Archer
(formerly Rock of Ages); J. Flower's Keystone
vs. Curtis & Son's Sunshine; J. Mazzini's
Meadow Maid vs. A. J. Kemp's Remember Me,
1). J. Haley's SiFQUOC vs. A. J. Kemp's Move
Out; J. Carroll's Columbia vs. J. Horn's Bona
Fide; Sterl & Knowles' Ollta vs. Sterl &
Knowles' ; J. P. Thrift's Tired Out vs.
Pasha Kennels' Roguish Antics; D. Morgan's j
Amcrlcus vs. J. P. Thrift's Faultless Beauty.
Open stake, eighty entries— H. H. Gray's |
Rona vs. P. Herrln's Lafayette; T. J. Cronln's
Thornhill vs. Aeneid Kennels' Aenpas; Gus !
Abercromble's Victor King vs. J. Kolte's Rich j
and Artleu; Maher & Reed's T'ncie Fuller vs. j
J. P. Thrift's Brutus; Sterl & Knowles' For
Gliry vs. G. Lahusen's Fireball; E. M. Kel- j
logg's KM McCoy vs. .T. Hurley 1 a of Cuba; I
Aeneid Kennels' Pretender vs. Gus ANrcrom
ble'i Miss Richmond; T. A. Gaffney's Sir John
Arnott vs. E. M. Kellogg 1 s lowa Hoy; Handy &
Smith's Ma vs. J. Sheridan's Forest King;
Handy &• Smith's Victor vs. Pasha Kennels'
Reannex; Handy & Smith's Jennie Wilson vs.
P. Heran'y Fair Play; A. Johnson's Bald Eagle
vs. J. H. Perigo's Lady Davenport; P. J.
Rei'ly'e Warship vs. J. P. Thrift's St. Michael;
F. A. Mi-Comb's Motto vs. Curtis &
Son's McKlnley; Ed Evats" Hurricane
vs. Curtis A Son's Commodore; Lar
key & Rock's Liberty Bell vs H. H. Gray's
Terronette; Curtis & Son's Cavalier vs. J. H.
I'erlgu's Hone; K. E. de B. Lopez's Sara vs.
Pasha Kennels' Firm Foe; Pa*ha Kennel*'
May Hempstead vs. R. E. de B. Lopez's St.
Anthony; J. Williams' California vs. Handy
& Smith's Magic; Q. Burfelnd's Pastime vs.
Aeneid Kennels' Athena; Russell, Allen & Wil
son's Lady Emma vs. W. H. Lord's Revolver;
Gus Abercromble's Irma vs. P. Doyle's Wild
Monarch; J. I. O'Brien's Statesman vs. J.
Carroll's Red Hind: Gup Abererombie's Rock
Island Boy vs. A. Johnson's Mountain Beauty;
Curtis & Son's Vanity Fair vs. D. J. Healey's i
Lady Clare; D. J. Healey's Maori Land vs
W. H. Healey's Skylight; J. M. Halton's Lav
ender vs. Rterl A Knuwles' Sleety Mist; P.
Heran's Martha Washington vs. J. Kerrigan's
Conqueror; G. Orven's Victory vs. J. H Harri
son's Hot Haste; E. & R. Lott's Lord Byron
vs. J. H. Perigo's Pretty Girl; Pasha ken
nels' Ready Answer vs. J. Cronin's Depend On |
Me: F. C. Mack's Delia M vs. J. Carroll's
Auckland; E. Coffin's Mountain Boy vs. Maher '
& Reid's Pat Reilly; G. Whitney 5 Theron vs
B. M. Kellogg's lowa Maid; I. F. Haltoa's |
Tic Tac vs. Russell. Allen & Wilson's Master '
Clalr; J. H. Perigo's Controller vs. J. Dean's i
Gladiator: J. J. Edmonds' Morning Glory vs. '
J. Sheridan's Forest Queen; R. E. de B. \
Lopez's Arrow vs. J. Coleman's Norman; J. •
H. Smith's Merced vs. J. Dean's Belle of An- i
derson.
OLYMPIC GUN CLUB.
The annual meeting of the Olympic Oun
Club was held last night In the clubhouse,
on Kearny street. The principal business
was the election of a committee to nomin
ate officers for the ensuing term. The
committee as selected consists of: H. L.
Miller, M. E. X'nger, Dr. A. T. Darby, Dr.
David Watt and H. Juatins. The eom
mittfj will name the regular ticket with
in five dziys.
The Best is Ufa Pierces."
y^^^V wSnS, El S ric Belt for that -Pain,
M 4 Tv a S s u (o r^ AJK?£i
ft M «l S?ctrtcitv u-m if Bed With the result.
ft SI SHs3&^»H3
\V -A M t-v, > wnger than you do at present
iiilk^ail^ . mS TI^OU SEE -dp..
UnH » n " ? " 2^ n BUmps for " Bo °^
pierce electric co
; Sj^Klfl?T r ' 62 ° Market st - (opposite Palace Hotel),
SAN FRANCISCO.
HUGE CONSPIRACY
OF HIGH OFFICIALS
Russian Dignitaries Un-
der Arrest.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ODESSA, Oct. 25.-A gigantic system ■ t
official fraud and corruption has been un
earthed at SebastopoL Forty-three Gov
ernment officials have been arrested and
will be tried by court-martial on Decem
ber 2. Among the accused are many n-
val officers, including the former senior
port officer. Commander Relitsky. se
well-known constructors, nearly
chief refiner of Bhips in Russia s
Sea lleet, commissary officers and others.
It is reported that several of !!•
cused have committed suicide rathe:
stand trial, for if found guilty they
would be banished to Siberia.
Vice Admiral Tyrtoff, the Russian na^nl
commander in the Black Sea. is r
sible fur the arrests. He alleges th:
officials of the various Government de
partments from iebastopol t<> Nikola. .
have been for a long time engaged In ;.
huge conspiracy to misappropriate fund,
and s<=ll Government supplies, covering,
their defalcations by forgery and sup
pressing Information by widely distrib
uted bribes. Th- affair has created the
greatest consternation.
Counterfeiters on Trial.
LOS ANOELES, Oct. 25.-The trial o%
C. A. Raymond and J. H. Ormandy in the.
United State* court here for counterfeits
ing was begun to-day. Raymond pleaciea
guilty and may turn State's evidence. The
trial'of Ormandy is proceeding. Ormanay
has served a term in State prison for a
like offense. The pair were arrested as
San Luis Obispo.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IsweSy
r
The Most Successful and Scien?
tific Specialist of the Day. j
— — j
GRATUITOUS TESTIMONIALS CONTINUE*
>* to reach Dr. Sweany, commending him torn
the cures which he performs. One, from *
prominent San Francisco merchant, who waf
afflicted with rupture, but now complete!'.*
cured by the doctor's new method, is a glowing
tribute to the celebrated specialist. Othert
letters telling of cures come from all part*
of the United States. Dr.* Sweany' s system oi?
treating the ailments which he makes a spe-
cialty of cannot be surpassed by any othe?
specialist In the United States.
Dr Sweany has the most complete and best
equipped medical and surgical offices on th»
Pacific Coast. He has successfully treated
and cured more stubborn and difficult diseases
than all other specialists combined. He pos-
sesses all the latest electrical appliances.
"rt"eak men should not hesltjyte to call and see
Dr. Sweany. They will find in him a true
friend and benefactor. Thousands of weak and
debilitated men with shattered minds have
been completely restored to their former vigor
through his science. It will cost you nothing
to talk with him. If you cannot call, write
and receive answer in plain envelope.
Rupture, varicocele and hydrocele are Bpe-
cial diseases which Dr. Sweany, treats suc-
cessfully and completely cures when other floe-
tors fall. If you are afflicted, call and see him.
Dr. Sweany also treats organic and blood dis-
eases. He has no equal In the treatment of
these complaints.
Diseases of ladles are treated with the same
I skill and attention as ailments of men. Hardly
j a day passes but Dr. Sweany receives tha
j blessings of mothers, wives and daughters for
I the great good he has accomplished in hi«
treatment of the female sex. Ladies should not
be backward about communicating with th»
doctor either in person or through the mails*
All letters answered In plain envelopes.
Dr. Sweany successfully treats Rupture,
Blood Disease, Rheumatism. Catarrh, Prema-
ture Decay, Nervous Debility. Tumors. Special
Diseases, " Eczema. Cancer, Sleeplessness, Neu-
ralgia, Hemorrhoids. Varicocele, Hydrocele,
Kidney Disease", Bladder Disease. Spine Dis-
ease-, Liver Disease. Heart Disease, Skin Dis-
ease. Stomach Disease. Eye Disease. Ear Dis-
ease. Lung Disease. Organic Disease, Pile*.
If you are sick and ailing, call immediately,
If living at a distance, write your troubles. I
' have cured thousands by my home system of
I treatment. Valuable book, "Guide to Health,' 1
| free.
F. L. SWEANY, M.D.,
737 MAEKET STREET, S. P.
Office hours: 9 a. m. to Bp. m. Sundays, 10
a. m. to 1 p. m. ■ ■ — ■ .
"^^ 'X^ *tfc *^^ "^i> fl
visit OR JORDAN'S great i
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
CM 10slUAS2ETST.t8t.6^S7ti,S.r.Cii. A
Qr The Largest Anatcinical Museum in the \
World. Wealcnetj.es or any contracted A
jSgfgW disease p*-«lti»«-ly cared by the oldest T
fggl Specialist en the Coast. Esl 36 years. M
Q&01 OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
PS&ISffl Consultation free and strictly privitc \
J H T " ' meiu P" son:ill y «* by letter. A &
1W a! Pot.Uve Cure in every case undertaken. \
Fif lift Write for Book, PHILOSOPBVcf i
II ■■''"ll' MAIiBIACE. MAILED FREE. |Af
X fl Cr valuable boole lot «am) • \
? OK. JOHDAX* CO.. 1051 Market St.. $ F \
DR. JORDAN A CO., 1051 MarketSt..S. F. f
&CQ.^>,
1^ "PATENTS*^ 1
Vsb^3o MARKET ST. sTVSSS^MISCELLANEOUS.
AN OPEN LETTER.
San Francisco, Oct. 24, 1899.
To the Chairman, to the Secretary anc
to the Members or the Citizens Repub-
lican Convention:
Believe me, gentlemen, I thank you sin-
cerely for the recognition and Indorse-
ment I have received at your hands ir
nominating me as a candidate for re-
election to the , .■,,-, of Police Judge o]
the city and county of San Francisco. ]
feel no tnnliiK gratification at the honoi
you have conferred upon me, and I assure
you that 1 feel most grateful to you an £
each and every one of you at the kint
and liberal manner in which I have beer
treated at your hands. One year ago yoi
honored me In the .same manner, and witr
your assistance and co-operation I hat
the honor of being elected Judge of this
great city. At that time, gentlemen, ]
promised you and the people or mis cltj
that if elected I would inaugurate th«
following reforms: First— That I woulc
not permit children to be incarcerated one
nut in the dock with criminals. Second-
That 1 would not suffer working men, me
cnanlcs or reputable citizens to be placet
In tho criminal dock when charged wltl
trivial offt rises, as it is wrong in princi-
pie and wrung in law. Third— '.
would not issue or sustain search war-
rants against merchants, hotel or lodg
ing house keepers, as the Issuance o:
warrants in such eases Is not authorlzec
by law. Fourth— I would protect the
orphan, the poor and the oppressed
Fifth— I would protect all property
rights. Sixth— That no man's nationality
belief or condition In life would inter
fen* with the just and lawful administra
tion of justice in my court.
Now, gentlemen, I feel proud to saj
that since my incumbency in office no boj
or woman has been placed in the doc>
with vagabonds or thieves, or otherwise
and as presiding Judge of the Police
Court, I have ordered that all boys ar
rested for trivial offenses be released a
the request of the mother, father oi
guardian of said children, as the jail 1;
not only damp, unhealthy and dangeroui
to the health of the children, but th<
Burroundings have a tendency to harder
and corrupt the mind of the youth. Ii
no instance have 1 convicted or held i
child to answer before the Superior Court
In the cases where the parents are repu
table and able to care for their childrer
I have pent them home to their parents
and 1 have always contended that th<
father or mother is the best judge of the
case. 1:. cases of orphans— gtrls or boys-
or when girls or boys are truants. wh(
nre leading or apt to lead an lmmora
life, having no parents to control them
I have always sent them to our different
public Institutions, first regarding and re-
ppecting not only the moral but the spirit
ual teachings of the parents of the child
Gentlemen, without further comment, ]
will state that 1 have done all in mj
power to fulfill the promise that I ther
made, and it would be vanity on my pan
to further encroach upon your time by
extolling my own duties and making my-
self the hero of my own statements.
You who have watched my career arf
the best to judge as to whether or not ]
have fulfilled he duties of my office; but
the past is gone, it has been and It is
now time to speak and provide for the
future. Retrenchment and reform are
now become not only expedient for our
prosperity, but necessary to our very ex-
istence.
No man of sense can say that the pres-
ent system of municipal government
Fhould continue; and I assure you that
if re-elected you will have no cause to
regret for having tendered me this nomi-
nation. I will uphold the law. for in my
humhle position I am conscious of the
fact that there is a reward in store for
the man who thinks with Integrity and
aot>» with decision.
Gentlemen, I accept your nomination,
and 1 hereby present myself to the people
of this city as your candidate. They are
the judges, ana in their hands and hon-
est judgment I submit my candidacy.
Gentlemen, receive my most grateful ac-
knowledgment. Yours respectfully,
(Signed.) A. B. TREADWELL..
Judge of the Police Court.
LHmIl- i^^ 'Wfc — »r, rf
COPvßiftHt *«»». f'
A MAN WHO IS NOT
FASTIDIOUS
About his laundry work will take it to
'any old place," but those who are
well bred and want their linen to .be
faultless in its color and finish will seek
out the United States Laundry In time,
Just as water finds its level. Our laun-
dry work is incomparable, and is the
perfection of the laundryman's art.
Try us!
"No saw-edges."
United States Laundry. Offloa
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 420.
Oakland Office, 514- Eleventh St.
"IticeT"
Taxes Dae Upon Assessments
Made by the State Board
of Equalization.
CONTROLLER'S DEPARTMENT.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 11. 1891.
In accordance with the provisions of Section
Ken of the Political Code, notice Is hereby
given that I have received from the Stat-i
Board of Equalization the "Duplicate Record
of Assessment* of Railways" and the "Dupli-
cate Record of Apportionment of Railway As-
Momenta," containing the assessments upon
the property of each of the following named
associations or corporations as fixed by said
Elate Board of Equalization for the year 1899,
to-wlt: • '
California Pacific Railroad Company. Cen-
tral Pacific Railroad Company. Northern Cali-
fornia Railroad Company, Northern Railway
Company. South Pacific Coast Railroad Com-
-1 any. Southern Pacific Railroad Company.
Southern California Motor Road Company,
tan Francisco and North Pacific - Railway
Company. Southern California Railway Com-
pany, Santa Fe Paeiflo Railroad Company.
North Pacific Coast Railroad Company. San
Francisco and San Joaquln Valley Railway
Company, Nevada County Narrow-Oaure Rail-
road Company, Canton. and Colorado Railroad
Company. N>vada-Callfornla-Oree:on Railway
Company, Pajaro Valley Consolidated Railroad
Company. Pacific Coast Railway Company,
Alameda and! San Joaquln Railroad Company,
Gimlala River Railroad Company. California
end Nevada Railroad Company.- Blerra Railway
Company of California. Sierra Valley Railway
Company. Fan Francisco and San Mateo Flee-
trie Railway Company. Randsburic Railway
Company, and Pullman Palace Cor Company.
The State and county taxes on all personal
property and ore-half of the State ana county
taxes on all rent property are now due and
livable and will be delinquent on the last
Monday In November next, at 6 o'clock p. m.,
ar.d unlesii paid to the Stnte Treasurer, at thi
Capitol, prior thereto. 5 per cent will be added
to the amount thereof, and unless so paid or
cr before the last Monday In April next, al
6 o'clock p. m . an additional B per cent will
be added to the amount thereof.
The remaining one-half of State and county
taxes on all real property will be due and
payable after the first Monday In January
next, and will be delinquent on the last Mon-
day In April next, at 6 o'clock p. m.. and
unless paid to the State Treasurer, at th«
Capitol, prior thereto. 6 per cent will be added
to ike &mount thereof.
K. P. COLO AN. State Controller.
MAKE PERFECT MEN
aDO \OT DESPAIR ! not But
,fer Longer! The joy.s and ambit ion* ol
life can be restored to you. Tbs very
womcufsof \rrvaua Debility art
absolutely cured by PEBPECTO
I A lI L. JS'J'S. Give prompt relief to In-
Komnia failing memory and the waste
and drain of vital powers. Incurred by
indiscretion* or excess*! of early years.
Impart Igror and potency to every func-
tion Brace up the system. Give yo^ bloom to the
cheeks and lustre to the eye« of iAyoung; or old.
On«6oc box renews vital energy.fjlfje boxes at
t2.6oaconip>t->»:u(irnmeedciiie TjjTjryor money re-
funded. Can be carried in rest -+wr' pocket. Sold
»T»ry where, or infilled in plain wrapper on receipt of
price by TUB rsuriCCTO CO., CaxtM BMg., Chle*t»i 111.
Sold by Owl Drug Co.. S. F. and Oakland.
Weekly Call, sl.oo per Year
DECAPITATED HER DAUGHTER WITH
ONE STROKE OF A KEEN KNIFE
Horrifying Deed of
a Despondent
Woman.
4fter Murdering Her
Child Mrs. Baago
Kills Herself.
ONE of the most shocking crimes
In the history of Contra Costa
County occurred at Sheep Island,
about one and a half miles from
Stege station, Tuesday afternoon.
A short time ago a man by the
name of Peter Bango, wife und ten-year
old child located on the island, Baago en
gaging In the dairy business.
Last Saturday it appears the husband
and wife o.uarreled and agreed to sepa
rate. They came to San Francisco,
ADJUSTING UNION
PACIFIC CLAIMS
Ten Million Dollars Dis
allowed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MINNEAPOLIS, Oct. 25.— Howard S.
j Abbott, special master in the Union Pa
: cine Railway receivership, has Just
: in the United States court a voluminous
i report on the claims filed against the
Union Pacific estate under the order of
, the court for the District of Nebraska,
; filed February 10. 189fc. This report, which
has been confirmed by Judge Sanborn, Is
the last step in the settlement of the
Union Pacific receivership.
The largest claims allowed are those of
the Union Pacific Railway Company, the
balance due the company being l'ound by
; Mr. Abbott to aggregate |44,5u0,<.>00. The
balance due the L'nited States Govern
ment of J7,3!»,2iM is allowed. A judgment
obtained April 22, 1898, In the United
I States District Court for the District of
: Massachusetts by Henry Budge, Charles
: A. Peabody Jr. and Henry Decoppel for
; $2,464,1)69 and sold to Lawrence Greer Is
: allowed at its discounted value. The bal
! ance on the claim of Francis S. Bangs,
! Howland Davis and W. E. Flynn for $2<W,
--| 672 on unpaid trust bonds is allowed.
| Other large claims allowed are as fol
• lows: E. C. Benedict and bondholders'
, committee. $1,577.538; Josiah B. French and
others, $633,561; Northern Pacific Railway
! Company. t347,06L The total of the Claims
allowed in addition to the sum of $2t;,44i,-
T2O already paid Is f56,64L92L
The following claims are disallowed:
Rattlesnake Creek Water Company; First
National Bank of Fort Coilins, Colorado;
I Thomas B. Crowe: Union Pacific Railroad
Company, two claims; Amsterdam com
i mittee. Mercantile Trust Company. Echo
I and Park City Railway Company, Kansas
City and Omaha Railway Company,
[Kansas City and Omaha Railroad Com
pany, Agents Harrington and Melville M.
Makeover.
It is ordered that the claims allowed be
paid pro rata out of the funds in the
hands of the receivers.
Judge Sanborn ordered the preferred
claims, which are comparatively small,
paid in full and a dividend of 6 per cent
! on the unpreferred claims. The aggregate
I of the disallowed claim? is about $10,000,000.
I OMAHA, Nebr., Oct. 25.— Judge Sanborn
I of the Federal court has signed a decree
I ordering receivers of certain Union Pa
' ciflc braxich lines to turn property back
1 to that company and covering a dlsburse
■ ment of about $7,000,000, the asset? of the
i Union Paclflc Railway Company, held for
the unsecured creditors of that company.
A Youthful Bluffer.
Dolly— Dick, I've seen the Obelisk In
Central Park.
Dick— Huh! That's nothin . Ive seen
>m feed It!— New Voice.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Many a woman has periodic crying
•pells. She meets her husband with
eyes red and swollen and he cries out :
" What has happened ? " " Nothing" his
wife replies. " T don't know what is the
matter with me, but I just had to have
a good cry." Men don't have crying
spells. It would seem therefore that an
affection confined to women must have
its cause in the womanly nature. There
is no doubt that a diseased condition of
the delicate womanly organs, is in gen-
eral responsible for feminine nervous-
ness and hysteria.
The use of Dr. Pierces Favorite Pre-
scription makes women happy by mak-
ing them healthy. There are no more
crying spells. "Favorite Prescription"
cures inflammation, ulceration and fe-
male weakness. It makes weak women
strong, sick women well.
There is no medicine "just as good."
Accept no substitute.
" For three years," writes Mrs. Mary A. Sasser,
of High, Lamar Co., Texas, " I suffered with fall-
ing of the womb, also ulceration of the womb.
: After using three bottles of your ' Favorite Pre-
scription,' four of 'Golden Medical Discovery'
and two vials of ' Pleasant Pellets.' I found re-
lief. lam able to do my work with ease. I rec-
ommend your wonderful medidne to all my
friends, for I truly believe it saved my life." .
Free. Dr. Pierces Medical Adviser,
in paper covers, is sent free on receipt of
21 one-cent stamps to pay cost of mailing
\ only. Cloth " binding 31. stamps. Ad-
dress Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
.
Js^\ Dr. R. L Walsh,
ffififfl******'')**. ilbv * (J K A »Y ST., bet,
K3gg&&«t£atf&Sßlc. Hyde and Larkln.
*A» "~**s£=3!o£^y Painless Extraction..
([»•'_ ..'^Tv Crowns ."v.'i.WW'f S4.OU
Iff, , Crowne 92.00
MJ. f . T. « t V \Jj)J Flesh-colored Plate*.
ujaJi*-**^; ...$5.00
Continuous Gum Plates (no bad joints) our
rptcialty Havt received TEN first . prizes . for
this branch of dentistry. No students. 11
yaara* «xp«rt«no«. . ■ ' '__
THE CALIFORNIA COLLEGE 07 DENTAL
SUBGEftY
WILL OPEN for the admission of students
MONDAY. Octobtr 23.
For further particulars address
S. W. DENNIS, M.D., D.D.S., Dean.
416 Parrott building;,
GILBERT M. BARHBTT, A.U., M.D.. ; S»o-
-retary. 1121 Butter et. |
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, THUESDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1899.
bringing their daughter with them.
Baago deeded all his property over to his
wife and the couple separated. Baago
secured employment as a cabinet-maker
In San Francisco and his wife returned to
Sheep Island with the little girl. Tuesday
Hans Hansen, an aged dairyman resid
ing on the island, ate dinner with them.
Mrs. Baago expressed herself to him as
satisfied with the condition of affairs, but
Hansen thought she seemed down
hearted. In order to divert her mind
from her troubles Hansen suggested a
boat ride or a walk about the Island, and
Mrs. Baago consented to take a walk
and promised to meet him at the quarry,
some distance from the house. At about
3 o'clock, Mrs. Baago having failed to
appear, Hansen feeling worried, went to
the house to ascertain the cause of her
non-appearance. As he entered the
house he called for Mrs. Baago, and get
ting no response, he opened the door of
her bedroom. The sight that met his
gaze paralyzed him for the moment.
There upon the floor of the small bed
room lay the body Qf the little child liter
ally bathed in its own blood. The feet
of the body were almost against the door,
while the head was lying in the corner
close by with the bloody knife under it.
From all indications the mother had
called the child Into the room and with
out warning grabbed her by the
hair and with one strong stroke drew the
knife across the little glrl'B throat, com
CHURCHES URGED
TO AID IN WORK
OF TEMPERANCE
The Congregational
ists Discuss It.
A DIFFERENCE OF OPINION
OBJECT TO AFTrLIATTON WITH
ANTI-SAXOON ÜBAGUE.
The second day's sessions of the Con
gregational California State Association
j churches convened at 8 o'clock yesterday
! morning in the First Church, Mason and
! Post streets, with the moderator, Rev. W.
W. Scudder of Alameda. in the chair.
The morning session was largely devoted
Ito the business of the association. After
! devotional exercises Rev. W. W. Cross of
I Saratoga was called to the chair and the
! moderator proceeded to read the report
I of the National Council committee relat
ing to the federation of missionary socie
ties. The report of the committee, which
i favored the Copperi plan, was approved.
The report of the committee on tem
perance was presented by Rev. J. R.
| Knodell, who declared that the work al
i ready done had but aroused the enemy,
I and he urged the necessity of continuing
j the struggle with renewed energy. With
this end In view, he presented the follow
| Ing resolution prepared by the commlt-
I te»», which he asked the association to
j adopt:
I That the preachers in all the churches make
; thiß a special theme for work; thai the edlt.r
! of The Pacific continue to take his present high
! stand upon this question; that we rt-cognixe In
i the W. C. T. U. a worthy helper In temperance
reform and give it our hearty Indorsement:
' that we will elect four delegates to the annual
I meeting of the Anti-Saloon league, which Is
to be held in Oakland In November; that we
reafllrni onr confidence in the Anti-Salonn
League and recommend the incorporation of
, ; Its work in the churches by the organization
i of local leagues; and that we call upon the
: churches all over the State to elect such men
i to the Legislature of 1900 na will stand by the
temperance legislation now in foree — namely,
j the county government law. the law restrain-
I ing Baloons In cities and towns and the sanitary
district law.
Rev. C. R. Brown of Oakland opposed
the proposition to organize leagues In the
churches as proposed by the resolutions.
i He declared that the Anti-Saloon League
j was a political body, and as such had no
' place in the church. Dr. Knodell made an
| address touching upon the work of the
i Anti-Saloon League and then a motion
to refer the report of the committee on
temperance was lost, the matter being
made a special order for 9 o'clock this
morning.
The narrative of the churches, prepared
by Rev. E. S. Williams, was read by Rev.
George B. Hatch of Berkeley.
The following recommendations were
made by the committee on nominations,
the report being read by Rev. J. K. Hani
son chairman: Committee on Rev. B. F.
Sargent's report— Rev. Philip Coombe,
Rev. B. J. Singer, Rev. H. F. Burgess.
Committee on church taxation— Rev. J.
I K. McLean, Rev. George C. Adams, Rev.
j Thomas Addison.
Rev. Dr. A. Drachms, chaplain at San
Quentin, concluded the morning session
i with an interesting paper on "Arbltra
l tion," in which he advocated the estab
! llshment of a permanent International
j court to arbitrate the differences arising
! between nations.
In the afternoon Rev. R. H. Sink of
1 Stockton, assistant moderator, presided.
j Rev. Dr. S. H. "W'illey of this city read
j a paper on "The Paclflc," In which he
strongly urged the members of the asso
| elation to give more generous support to
I the organ of the church on this coast.
I Rev. Dr. James T. Ford read a paper on
i "The Early Days of Congregationalism In
■ Southern California," and Mrs. E. J.
Singpr read a paper on "The Gatf»s Ajar."
j The Congregational Church Building So-
I ciety and the California Home Missionary
! Society had charge of the evening session.
The programme ' for to-day contains a
i number of interesting papers in addition
! to the regular business ot thp association.
GUARDING AMERICAN
INTERESTS IN SAMOA
WASHINGTON, Oct. 25.— Until further
Informed of the attitude of Great Britain
on the German proposition to partition
the Samoan Islands among the three
powers signatory to the Berlin treaty,
it is probable that Secretary Hay will not
make a categorical reply. Final action
certainly will not be taken by this Gov
ernmc-nt until the President and Secre
tary of State understands the views of
influential Senators with reference to the
proposed disposition of the islands.
In the meantime there Is no Intention
on the part of the administration to be
pushed into hasty action by rumors of
trouble in Samoa and the report emanat
ing from German sources that for the
surrender of her rights In the islands of
Tutulla and Savaii Germany should be
given possession of Upolu and additional
compensation.
It was significantly stated to-day that
the President proposrd to oarf fully" guard
every Interest of the United States in
Tutuila in view of American possession
of the harbor of Pago Pago on that Isl
and by this Government, and to require
adequate compensation for the surrender
of American claims to the islands of
Upolu and Savaii.
The authorities have determined that
there shall be no additional commission
appointed to settle the Samoan question,
but the matter will be ended by direct
negotiations between the three Govern
ments. It is apparent that these negotia
tions will consume several months, and
as a preliminary to them it may be de
cided to pnt into force some of the rec
ommendations of the Joint High Commis
sion, which some months ago Investi
gated the conditions prevailing In the
Islands.
Mrs. Hearst Buys Oil Lands.
FRESNO. Oct. 25.—The Democrat con-
firms the purchase and control by . Mrs.
Phebe Hearst of I valuable oil lands at
Coallnga and also of the Home Oil Com
pany. The deal la & large and Important
one.
pletely decapitating her. After throwing
the knife away she threw the head upon
the floor, and., leaving the house, ended
hen own life by Jumping into the bay.
That the woman was insane is a cer
tainty, as she was often heard saying
that she was tired of the kind of life
she w&s living and would make away
with the child and then drown herself,
and the latter is the theory held by the
officers as to her whereabouts.
Word was sent to Coroner Curry at
Martinez about 3 o'clock In the afternoon
and he, accompanied by Deputy Sheriff
Johnson, hastened to the scene of the
murder. The Coroner and deputy sheriff
searched the island thoroughly and no
trace of the missing woman could be
found. She left the following note, writ
ten In Danish:
"Goodby, Hansen. I cannot Btand it
any longer. My husband has been bother
ing me for the last ten years. Hansen
and Anderson can sell the cows and di
vide It, and the house can you sell and
divide in three parts— my sister Jine one
part, my brother Pete one part and my
husband'B sister Sine her part. My best
regards. MARIA BAAGO.
"Now can papa enjoy himself? I take
my girl with me."
The remains of the child were taken to
San Pablo, where they were viewed by
the Coroner's jury, after which they were
taken to Martinez on a late train. The
inquest will be held to-morrow after
noon, In San Pablo. Coroner Curry was
Interviewed and said:
"It is one of the saddest cases It has
been my duty to handle for the past ten
years, during which time I have been
AGUINALDO SENDS
PEACE PROPOSALS
Accredits an Agent to
Washington.
Ppecial IMspatch to The CaJl.
NEW YORK, Oct. 25.— A special to the
World from Washington says: Senor An
tonio Regidor, now In London, will sail
for the United States within three weeks,
! and as a fully accredited representative of
! Aguinaldo, wLll present to President Mc-
Kinley new terms for ending hostilities
| and reconstructing the government of the
| islands. The coming of the representative
Is kept a close secret by the administra
tion, but from a high authority the World
correspondent learns that these are the
exact terms Aguinaldo desires:
1. Absolute free trade betwe«n the United
! States and the Philippine Islands, carrying
I with It the fullest commercial favor between
i the two countries.
2. Perfect religious freedom, as now exists
under the government of Aguinaldo, the same
being a concession made by him to the wishes
of the United States.
3. Coaling stations for the United States
upon all Important Islands of the archipelago,
to be selected by the United States and ceded
outright forever by the Filipinos. This would
Include Manila.
4. Military reservations at Manila, Hollo,
Panay, Mlndora. Negro*, Mashate. Samar,
Mindanao and such other islands as may be de
termined upon by both Governments.
5. The employment of United States officials
In th« customs and all other lntprnal branches
of the Government, to be selected by the
I I -lltod States and paid by the Filipino Gov
ernment.
8. The introduction of the American police
system.
7. The establishment of a Judiciary as now
I exists <">n the Island nt Cuba.
S. The reconstruction of the entire Filipino
Government upon lines as nearly consistent
as possible with those prescribed by the con
stitution of the United States and adanted to
the requirements of the natives.
9. Recognition of the Filipino Government
aa an independent republic under a protec
torate of the United States.
Senor Regidor will have plenipotentiary
powers to treat with the United States
Government upon all of these points in
order to reach an agreement by which
hostilities may cease.
Sennr Regidor will be the most im
portant political emissary ever sent to the
Tnited States by the Filipinos. He will
have more power than Agonclllo, who was
summarily driven out of Washington
after presenting a memorial to Congress,
which was notable alone for Its indiscreet
attack upon the United States. Senor
Regidor will represent Aguinaldo himself.
Regidor is said to be a man of great
ability and learning, having had long ex
| perlence in European diplomatic circles.
The Filipino Government has had no
representation here since the banishment
of Agonoillo. But the administration has
been fully informed of the demands of
Aguinaldo and his advisers through the
dispatches of General Otis and the secret
| service maintained by this Government
in Europe.
GEORGIA WELCOMES
LIEUTENANT BRUMBY
Will Be Presented "With a Sword by
the People of the State
for Bravery.
ATLANTA, Oct. 25.-The arrival of
Lieutenant Brumby of the Olympla here
to-night to receive his formal welcome
Into the city and his native State was the
signal for a noisy and enthusiastic de-
monstratlon. A special train brought him
from his home at Marietta, Ga., twenty
miles from Atlanta, where he went yes
terday to spend a short time with his
mother and relatives.
To-night he was given a reception at the
Capital City Club and to-morrow the
presentation of the sword from the people
of Georgia will take place. The ceremony
will take place in front of the State Cap
itol and the sword will be presented by
Governor Candler. Lieutenant Brumby
and the reception committee will then go
to , the reviewing stand on Peachtree
street, where the military parade, made
up of troops from all parts of Georgia
and many adjoining States, will be wit
nessed.
The lieutenant's family are guests of
the city during his stay here.
i! w WHY I USE NO DRUGS.
iTf&%^^^^^S^^M Because I cure disease without them ; because in all my practice I've
£■ |/' %*,,}. fkgZSSFz&r found nothing equal to Electricity. This is Nature's remedy, and a
h { fjMbfflMSr~~ sure one. My treatment by this wonderful power is the result of many years 5
% m-MJiMsr study, and I have so grandly succeeded as to cure men and women after all
% ;m&sm&aa*^ other means had failed to relieve them.
#^^^S^^^^^s Electric treatment is stirring the medical world. Every day physicians
i^^^K: are adopting it in some form. No method is so simple, so sure a remedy as my
fltSf Dr. McLaughlin Improved Belt. :
This, worn a few hours daily, charges your system with a mfFd, healing volt-
H Wyw'\ age, which is a marvelous restorer. For debility, weak stomach, kidney or
\ :> ''''■ H^i?f nerve trouble this is the most curative power nature has given. It is the
ft "'.% v \ grandest discovery in medical science for 100 years. *i have long used it in
m'\ '■■ ¥/ i my practice, and by recent improvements apply it just as each case requires.
if \ mJ/M It has quicker and more thorough results than drugs.
W/// ■■■■ w*l ' -jgggy^^ Call or write and learn how to be cured by my famous Electric Belt. The disks do
j^wM- }'M I<E2»ni©rsi not blister the skin like old-style belts, and my new regulator Is perfect. Send for my ■
# S| «f SBv/^^MBffi^ new book, free. It will interest you.
»^^f*l i '■^jUJfeP' >=SU-sb-5 .. 828 Minnesota street, San Francisco, Cal., Oct. 19, 1599.
'•^SSS^LfI Dear Sir: I purchased one of your Belts for pain In the back and general debility. The pain was
so severe it felt as If my back was breaking. I wore the Belt as advised, and in ten days felt a gen-
eral improvement, and now am entirely cured. C. L. DRIEPEK.
I^I? M A M-r>f AITr*HI IIV 702 Market St,, cop. Kearny, Sao Francisco, and
Ut\.m 111. 1-Ym .ITIwJU./\'UVJ[I 11-illl 9 Bnrdick Block, Corner Spring and Second Streets, Los Angeles.
Office hours— B a. m. to 8:30 p. m.; Sundays. 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUGSTORE& . .;
Coroner of Contra Costa County. I was
summoned to-day to come to Sheep Isl
and with all possible haste and accord
ingly went to San Pablo and there secur
ed a rowboat and went to the Island, ac
companied by Deputy Sheriff Fred John-
6on.
"We were met by the farmhand, Han
sen, who conducted us to the house.
There, In a room, upon the floor, lay the
body of a 10-year-old girl, with her head
severed completely from the trunk. I
found a letter left by Mrs. Baago. written
In Danish. We made a thorough search of
the Island for the mlssingwoman, but were
unable to find any trace whatever of her.
It is my opinion that she has committed
suicide by drowning herself. The island
is a dreary place and Is occupied by no
one except the Baago family, Hansen and
a fisherman. It is my impression the
woman brooded over the trouble with her
husband and became temporarily insane.
I brought the remains of the little girl to
San Pablo, where they were viewed by a
jury. I will hold an inquest next Friday
afternoon."
Deputy Sheriff Fred Johnson was seen
to-night, and he has the following to say:
"I was summoned to Sheep Island to-day
from Martinez, and witnessed one of the
saddest cases I have ever seen In my life.
Coroner Curry and I rowed to the island
and upon learning full particulars of the
case from the man Hansen I set about
making a thorough search of the entire
island. I visited every nook and corner
and could find no trace of the missing
woman I am morally certain she has
committed suicide by drowning."
ADJOURNMENT OF
TEMPERANCE UNION
Place of Next Meeting
Not Yet Chosen.
Special r»Bpatch to Tha Call.
SEATTLE, Oct. 25.— The National Wo
man's Christian Temperance Union closed
i Its twenty-sixth annual convention and
silver jubilee In this city to-day and to
morrow will witness the departure of a
larpe number of the delegates for the
East. Some will remain on the Pacific
Coast visiting friends and relatives and
a number will go from here to Southern
California.
The excitement over the denunciatory
resolutions on the national administra
tion's policy in the Philippines and on the
interpellation of the "anti-canteen law,"
passed yesterday, had not died out when
to-day's meeting convened. Many dele
gates insist that the union made a seri
ous mistake in condemning the adminis
tration. A high officer, in an authorized
interview to-day, while refusing to al
low her name to be used, said: "The
union made the mistake of its life in
passing the resolution. In order to further
our temperance work we have much to
ask of the administration and our re
quests will have but little weight when
by our minutes we show that we have no
faith in President McKlnley and the other
official heads of our Government. The
union will live to regret yesterday's
work."
Throughout the session to-day nothing
was said about yesterday's resolutions.
Mrs. Hannah J. Bailey of Maine, superin
tendent of the peace and International
arbitration department, under the aus
pices of which the Philippine war resolu
tion was Introduced, read her report. The
on.y reference made to the criticisms by
her committee was when she said: "We
do not criticisp the soldiers who from a
sense of apprehended duty and so-called
patriotism enlist."
Miss Mary C. Brehn of Illinois, super
intendent of the department of franchises,
read her report.
After a number of local addresses had
been delivered the afternoon meeting ad
journed.
The executive committee, to whom had
been referred the matter of selecting next
year's meeting place, me* to-night, out
made no selection. It will meet again to
morrow and there is every indication that
Indianapolis, Ind., will be named.
IN NEXT STJNDAY'S CALL
The Boers as They Really Are
By Miss Sannie Kruger.
Miss Krnger is a niece of
Oom Paul Krug-er and recently
came to San Francisco to be
educated. In next Sunday's
Call she writes interestingly
of life in her native land.
GRAERE DIVORCE GRANTED.
Grounds Were Cruelty and Too Much
Mother-in-Law.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 25.-Mrs. Mary Grae.be
was to-day granted a divorce from
Charles E. Graebe. the well-known jew
eler, by Judge Hyland. The ground was
cruelty, and Graebe did not appear In
court to dispute the charge. Graebe is
one of the most popular young business
men in the county. Two years ago he met
his wife while she was here on a visit
She returned to her home in Philadelphia'
and a few weeks later he followed her'
They were married and returned here A
pretty cottage was furnished, but 'the
honeymoon was shortlived, and ten days
after their arrival home Mrs Graebe
picked her trunk and teft her husband
Graebe s mother and sister went to live
with him, and the young wife declares he
lost all affection for her and would hard
ly sprak to her. She blames her mother
in-law for this lack of attention Mrs
Graebe is now residing with her brother
in Oakland. A satisfactory settlement of
the property has been made.
THE EMPOEJUM.
21 lbs Best TffHflE 'ffMSM^E^lßii^ M NcwPho- v
*~™- \m% + m E^Wm %szs* *
I&tott . Ej H^gg* abucS '^^ t»H Studio jf
Sugar for ffr^ OoMenß«le BAZA.at.rJ^ ™ °P ens about 3
$/.(iO. CAUfWniA'SLADCXST-AMERICA-S CRAHDEST STOK. Nov ' mber 15 " *
- Ribbon Sale To-Day. |
9000 Yards at Record-Breaking Prices. «
r^\ All-Silk Satin Ribbons, all widths and J
$^mwsr^h!so!\l} «. full - line of colors, including: *
Js?>^sM-J JjfVlijM}h\^r\ Cream Pink Brown Cherry <?
t^SflviT v/ Plue ■ Cardinal Gre.n3 Myrtle *
ffißz^&riz^A White Navy Turquoise Etc. *
%Dssk/j|) /fro For Thursday only at these greatly «
\^^^\l'llJ reduced prices: .*
Vs^)//R- No:s, %-in -*O yard No. 16, 2^-in 10c yard «
fc *ai^% No. 7, l}i-in sOyard No. 22, 2s^-in 12c yard
™- ' No. 9, I^-in 7© yard No. 60, 4^-in 22c yard *
No. 12, 2-in 8s yard ♦
Silk Remnant Sale* t
To-Day Only, One-Quarter Off" I
Marked Prices. |
At 8 o'clock this morning and until closing time we place on sale a ♦
Choice lot of Silk Remnants, plain fancy and striped Taffetas, *
! plain and fancy Duchejse, plain and figured Black Silks and Satins — most of <£>
them very desirable lengths for shirt waists, coat lining and skirt ruffling, on ♦
ppecnl sale for this day only at ♦
One-Quarter Off Marked Prices. I
Under muslin Don't. For Thr " Days - Theße 8417 re " _
g? • * LBttUOH* duced pries are for V
Specials. Liquor . Thursday, Friday and «
Children's All- Wool Wristlets, all &PCGialSm Saturday only: J
\ black, regular price always 25c, special IGood Claret at a popular price, regularly £
on Thursday, per pair...." lOC 4Oc gallon, special 280 *
Infants' Hand-Made Long Slips, fine R- B. Ha den Bourbon or Cyrus Noble «
nainsook, hand hemstitched, regular Rye, bottle 950 *
price always $1.00, for Thursday Liebeg's or Pabit Milt Extract, Hozan.... "9
only 65C • $2.20 J
Lidies" Turkish Bath Outfits, com- Sauterne, Burgundy, Hock or Gutnde', 4 J
plete, wit 1 1 rob >, 2 toweis, 1 pair of bottles $tmOO +
slippers. 1 pair of gloves, regular prioe - <#
always $6.00, special sale Thursday f>; Thur^ , poo Bad J
fOr ' 3m ° s Full SiZe Sheets made *
Special Thursday. The Stout Jack i ShedS, 34C. of .an undress- <#
Special Thursday. The Stout i^ Sheet S, 3** C. pdheavy.even *
/I GOOd Knifa, like picture, threaded, unbleached Sheeting,' siz3 *
|/ Hl '/ d IM<r* heavy bolster, 2 81x90 inches, Sheets that the material *
nnii&, MfCm strong blades, id alore won ld, cost 40c, on special sale J
_ j^--^.^^ this day only, each 340 7
Social T'-W'day. For this J
' horn, bone or eta? handle, on special Bt§ff3gagf ' day only 2,
sale for this day only, each Wo " M '" C 7 —»**. we" offer !
. — Curtains, 62c. 100 P air 5
Special Thwsdav. of Ruffl d Muslin Curtains, 3 yards *
35& Nail ' on -.'o inches wide, choice patterns, «5'
»« « #O p r etty stripes, etc., just the thing for "♦
BrUSheS, fwCf bedroom and cottage window-, ?t the «
These Hand • very special price, per pair 620 2
Brushes, solid y^v^cs. > —————
back, nand /^^S^o^"***""^*^?"^^^^ • • • t»t » «^
drawn all A^^= °^^S **'ctil Thursday. _ We lnve on *
bristle' stock, 1 99 1 9mtmm 9iBW MUSiC, han^ . 20 °. as- «
reguar 860 Sg COBSM ported copies of J
value, on spe- &C UOpy* Mv ic .some of
cial sale to-day #3c th pieces just published the reguar «
______^_^__ retail price beinfr 3oc; to -day we offer
__ _ ' , „ , them at the SDecial price, per c00v.. ... *
Values an B .™ fro ™ « ur ; ; * ...so *
— , . October Gata- rj
txrOCCriCSm ' o?ue0 ?ue just i- sued. . ' «•
Western Refinery Dry Granulated Sugar, Steeial Thursday. "#
21 lbs. for $ImQO CaiMA DBsztig*** #?
Log Cabin Maple Syrup, gallon*, $1.06, *aUUerr*ia*e&, © £
j* gallons... 68c fOr 33Cm y^^^s. «
10-lb. sac's yellow or white Corn Tha China Depart- f/jp^ ~^X^S ♦
Meal #7© ment paces on ($ \^R <"
10-lb sacks Oatmeal 3&C sale for this Hay (if / \ \HJ *
]0-Ij. Backs Hominv-.. 25c on y Gold Band lit' 1 [. : " <■ /'( /. ill ♦
Rolled Wheat lor Breakfast, 12 lbs.2s©j Sauce Phtes, W. %' wJ'-'Mh "*
Rolled Oats, for mush, 10 lbs 2&C\ regularly worth V|L^^^fly'# ♦
4 lb. packages Germea 17o\ $I.6o per it zen, <^^^Z^ =S^^^^ I .' J
Ivory F!o ting Soap ©HO at the very spe- ■N^ r ~ j^r^ 3 *
Sapolio 6©! cial price.™ J
New Crop Fancy Walnuts, lb iso Set of 6 330 -■
INVESTIGATING THE
FULLER WILL SCANDAL
Three Prominent Citizens Arrested on
Charges of Perjury and
Forgery.
CHICO. Oct. 25.— At last some action
has been taken In the notorious will con
test In the Alfred Fuller estate. The full
history of this alleged will was given in
The Call some time last summer and, as
was then predicted and intimated, that
sooner or later the principals to the will
would find themselves in deep water. The
will over which so much comment has
been made was In favor of Mrs. Minnie
Houseworth, Dr. J. E. Rodley and John
Garner being the witnesses. This will
was hatched up some time after the
death of Alfred Fuller, who was nevpr
married, and much comment was made
when the same was offered for probate.
The Grand Jury has had the matter un
der consideration for th« past two weeks.
subpenaJng many of the most prominent
citizens from Chico before It.
This afternoon Indictments were issued
for J. E. Rodley, John Garner and Mrs.
Minnie Houweworth. Garner and Rodley
were arrested here, while Mrs. House
worth was arrested in San Francisco.
The charge against them is forgery and
perjury. Unusual interest is taken in the
case because of the prominence of the
accused. J. E. Rodley was for the past
two years Mayor of Chico and is one of
the leading physicians here. John Gar
THE EMPOBIX7M.
ner is a prominent rancher living three
miles north of Chico, while Mrs. House
worth is well known. Her former hus
band was a wealthy rancher west of
Chico.
The bail Is fixed in th^> sum of $10,000.
Rodley and Garner will be taken to Oro
ville in the morning.
TROOPS NEEDED ON THE
MEXICAN BORDER
Governor Murphy of Arizona Reports
the Fighting Between Cow
boys and Mexicans.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 25.— The Secretary
of TVar this afternoon received a tele
gram from Governor Murphy of Arizona
saying that considerable trouble had oc
curred at Naco, on the border between
Arizona and Mexico, between American
cowboys and Mexican officers.
He recommended that a company of
troops be ordered there from Fort Hua
chuca, to remain until the trouble had
subsided. He says that the civil officers
■will do everything possible to maintain
order, but may not be able to do so.
A Murderous Half Breed.
COVELO, Oct. 25.— An Intoxicated half
breed Indian named Charles Box as
saulted Sam Short, an Indian, with a
knife and inflicted several serious wounds.
Box was arrested and placed In the reser
vation jail. United States Inspector
Brewster will prosecute the case.
56
THURSDAY.... :....... OCTOBER 26, 1890
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address A!! Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager. .
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main ISCS.
LDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 22! Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CKXTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cent*.
Terrr by Mall. Including; Postage:
DAILY CALL, (Including Sunday Call), one year fO.OO
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 3 months .... 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month <>3c
SUNDAY CALL One Year. 1.80
WEEKLY CALL One Year !•<*>
All postmasters are author!;!?* to receive subscriptions.
Sample co» will be forwarded when -quested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 90S Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE «
PERRY LUKENS «JR 29 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman Houea; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont Route; Auultorluin Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE.. Wellington Hotel
J. L. ENGLISH, Correspondent.
AMUSEMENTS.
Orphaura— "Vaudeville."
California— "A Breach of Promise. **
Columbia— "A Milk White Flag."
Tlvoll— "La Bell* Helene."
Alcazar— "The Three Musketeers."
Grand Opera House— "The Conspirators."
Chutes. Zwo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Olyn. corner Mason and Ellis Specialties.
Centra] Park— Steeplechasa ana performances.
Oakland Racetrack— Races to-day.
THE EXPOSURE OF SCANDALS.
A JOURNAL devoted to the welfare of society
as well as to the dissemination of news care
fully abstains from the publication of scandals
■ private individuals as long as it is
ble to do so without wrong to the community.
When, however, the scandals become notorious and
* b\ persons who by reason of their
wealth, and the influence of their families have admis
to the homes of the city it then becomes neces
• ion of womanhood to expose the
in order that the offender may be known and
• tinst him.
The contaminating effect of notorious wrong
• < who rely upon wealth and social position to
enable them to practice a vicious course with im-
Persons thoroughly inno
cent nt are not infrequently made the
objei ■ ust suspicion simply because in their
iciate Kith some unexposeel rascal
. When to save innocent persons from that
■ ry to make public the
: render, then the exposure be
comes a duty which the press owes to the public.
There are many persons of depraved tastes and
petites with a fondness for violating the estab*
:d code ■>;' social ethics who can be restrained
by the fear that if they persi.-.t in evil courses
be exposed and held up to public scorn.
The existence of an independent press, ready to make
the exposure without fear or favor, acts therefore hs
munity. Even where it does
■ • leter s me bolder profligate from purging a
care- -ulal, it at least gives :> A :
is character and puts the homes of the city on
• him. The publication of private of
one of the disagreeable acts which
be performed by even the most care
ful journal that has any respect for virtue and any
trr.e comprclv its duty to the public.
BRYANISM IN NEBKASKA.
RFrom Nebraska to the effect that
will begin this week to make an elabor
. county by county and town by
■ -mg. The fusion party in that
State hu~ made Kryani>m the chief issue of the cam-
His political fortunes are therefore in a
c bound up in the contest. A defeat in his
own home vi on an issue of his own making, sup
with 7eal by all the fused elements of dis
seriously diminish his prestige and
might even deprive him of renomination for the
Presidency.
The Republicans of the State have not evaded the
issue. They have been perfectly willing there as else
where to meet the Bryanites on any ground the lat
ent choose. They have had no objections to
the introduction of national politics into a State cam
nor do they shrink from a contest against the
Nebraska candidate for the Presidency. They have
entered upon a vigorous campaign and have pushed
the iusionists so hard that Bryar. himself has found
it necessary to return from his campaigning in other
r his home.
In the Nebraska election in i.Sgj the. chief office 'o
be filled, that of Justice of the Supreme Court, was
the sa; this year. The
fusion vote (Democratic and Populist) wa3 102. 538;
Republican, 89,009: Prohibirion, 1625: and scattering
800. Last year on I For G.-^ernor the Re
publicans ■ ess than 3000 plurality
on a total I c less than 200.000. It is esti
mated, however, thai there uv 225.000 voters in the
The stay at home vote is.therefore the de
termining factor in the present contest. If the Re
; ns can briii;,' out a fair proportion of their dis
contented or indifferent voters of last y?ar, while the
fusionists are less successful, they will easily over
come the slight sup-.: ision vote of the
..r~. If, on the other hand, the Bryanites
arc the more succes-ful iv rousing their voters, the
victory will be with then™
It is for that reason Bryan has gone home. He
has arranged for a special train and will travel over
even- line of railway in the State, having made en
■ ents for upward of one hundred speeches in the
counties of the commonwealth. It will be seen
the man does not lack energy. He shrinks from no
fatigue and is apparently capable of almost unlimited
talking. The task before him, however, is one that
will probably prove too great for even his capacity
eechmaking and spellbinding. This is a year
The large Republican gains of last
■>r the preceding one show that as prosperity
advances the calamity vote falls off. The boy orator
in out, but it is going to be a close call for
him.
ABOUT STRAIGHT TICKETS.
\A R. BRITTON is being somewhat overworked
; / V in the Democratic campaign. The Mayor j
* * started out by assuming personal responsi
: bihty for denouncing Horace Davis as a traitor and
the Republican party for treason to the charter.
When it seemed necessary to the personal comfort :
of Mr. Britton to make him feel at home in his de- ,
sertion to the Democracy Mr. Phelan hit upon the
plan of using him as a witness against the Republican j
party. So, in the Thirty-ninth Assembly District, j
j Mr. Phelan said: "I will not say Republicans are j
antagonistic to the charter, but Mr. Britton is a man
ot honor and he says so." He puts Mr. Britton in '
the position of turning State's evidence and uses him
in that capacity. It was a saying of Burr that
passed into an axiom at the bar that "the meanest
| rascal always turns State's evidence." If Mr. Phelan
choose to put Mr. Britton in that position it is his
affair, not ours. Mr. Britton suffered himself to be
nominated as a Republican candidate for Supervisor, ;
! and after waiting until effect would be given to his j
declination and announcement of his support of
Phelan he did both.
Now Mr. Phelan in every speech praises Britton j
as the "grand old man," but abuses the Republican |
party, which desired to put this grand old person on J
the Board of Supervisors. If Mr. Britton is really the ,
virgin personality described by Mr. Phelan, nothing !
is proved except the desire of the Republican party j
to nominate men of that kind when they chose him.
It goes without, saying that any other nominee of j
the Republican party who -will join Mr. Phelan in;
imploring Democrats to vote their ticket straight j
«md Republicans to bolt theirs will receive the same j
ascription of purity and high character that is be- i
stowed on Mr. Britton. But all this would be only
additional prom' that the Republican party was ac
tu.tted by no other purpose than the nomination of
men who would best serve the people by the faultless |
administration of the charter and the law.
There would be much merit in Mr. Phelan's pro
fession to Republicans of non-partisanship if Mr. j
Britton had remained on the Republican ticket and
Mr. Phelan had daily and nightly eulogized him and ;
j asked people to vote for him. Mr. Britton was
| neither more nor less a grand old man when the Re- >
I publicans nominated him than he is now. But the j
: Phelan vision was never clarified to his merits until
ihe joined the Phelan standard. The Republicans are j
| now accused of treason to the charter. Did they
: show it when they nominated Britton? The fact is i
! that in making up their ticket the Republicans [
i sought and found candidates supposed to be just
such good citizens as Mr. Phelan describes Britton :o
be and nominated him among the rest in a con
genial company. That he chose to desert it is his
affair. His former associates have seen no reason to
i alter their estimate of him, except such reason as !
Mr. Phelan has supplied by declaring it would have j
j been treason to the charter to have voted for him a3
j a Republican candidate for Supervisor.
The other Republican candidates chosen as Mr.
: Britton was. and for the same reasons, and with the :
same unbroken purpose, are just as worthy as he
! was, no more, no less. If he or Mr. Phelan can give i
; tn Republicans a reason for bolting the ticket of a j
j convention that was modeled upon the exact char- ;
i acter now ascribed to Britton by Phelan, we would
like to hear it.
Clinton R. Breckinridge, who is credited with a
knowledge of statecraft, believes that the United
States should go to England's assistance in the event
o! a Continental combination against the British.
People who know less about statecraft but possibly
more of the eternal fitness of things than Breckin
ridge believe that Uncle Sam ought to mind his own
WATER STORAGE.
THE Escondido Times, organ of Federal irriga
tion, has discovered "a literary bureau" in San
Francisco which fulminates in opposition to its
views on water storage. It has also nominated and
elected Mr. John P. Irish the leader of that opposi
tion and proceeds to souse him in ilood waters and
other, in a baptism that ought to drown him or make
him stay good. It may be necessary to say that the
men who know that our flood waters belong to the
State of California, are its property and asset, are
not particularly in need of the leadership of Mr.
Irish or anybody else. They have called a convention
for November 14 to consult upon the best way to se
■ cure the use of this State property which is now run
! ning to waste. In spite of any aqueous argument made
: by Mr. Irish, they are entirely willing that any com
| monwealth in possession of a similar property and
asset shall give it to the United States or throw it at
birds. Indeed the convention may conclude that
California should do one or the other with it. But
it is an existing property; it belongs to the State,
i and only the State can dispose of it. It is assumed
■ at the outset that the Irrigation Congress at Mis
soula has the right to dispose of this property, and
that its conclusions of policy are proper and indis
putable. Still as a matter of law the United States
cannot enter the State of California, take possession
of its property, control and distribute it, without the
consent of the State. The Irrigation Congress is
admitted to be a very able body and very representa
tive, but it is a voluntary organization, has no statu
tory existence, is not a legal entity. It can consult
and advise and use its American right to pass reso
lutions, but it cannot pass laws nor alienate the
property of a State without the State's consent.
Perhaps the Times will agree that the convention
of November 14. as a State affair, may be usefully in
formed of the Federal irrigation, and perhaps may be
successfully importuned to adopt it, and induced to
advise the next Legislature to turn its asset in the
' flood water over to the United States.
It is to be regretted that Mr. Irish's tendency to
epigram has caused excitement by being taken as the
statement of an inflexible policy.
The Times mistakenly says that "the promoters of
the State scheme seem to start out with the idea that
the first thing necessary- to be done is to kill off the
rational movement." This is a misapprehension en
tirely. The promoters of this convention don't wish
to kill anything, but to make all alive. The killing
it leaves to the drought, to the forest fires, to the
Fabian policy of waiting for the distant god* to hear
ovr prayer for fruitfulness of our fields while the
means to make it run to waste down our mountain
sides. If the national irrigationists would cease their
uneasy and tormenting suspicions, which impeach the
motives of people who are hand in hand with them
in pursuit of the same object, and, dismounting from
their national high horse, would sit down and talk
it over like reasonable men. the situation would lose
th«! friction for which they alone are responsible.
The situation is that millions of dollars of property
belonging to the State are running to waste every
year. We all want to know how best and quickest to
save it. By getting together in the coming conven-
Btion a way may be found to that end.
is no use of using Mr. Irish as a scarecrow.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1899.
He and General Otis of Los Angeles can be staked
off together, and then we can all trust to the ability
of General Otis to give that soft answer that turneth
away wrath to conquer any unruliness.
The British Colonial Office has received advices
from South Africa that the Basutos are listening to
overtures from the Boers. That being the case, the
world will probably learn within a very short time
whether or not there is any truth in the. saying that
music hath charms to soothe the savage breast.
W. R. WHEELER FOR COMMISSIONER.
SOMETHING more than ordinary gratification
is to be found in the manner with which the
Pacific Coast jobbers and manufacturers have
entered upon the task of guarding the interests of
the coast in matters of transportation. There has
been a cordial co-operation among the people of all
the coast States, and every step thus far taken has
been with the approval of their representatives.
The conference in this cjty, which was attended
by delegates from Seattle, Tacoma, Portland, Los
Angeles, Sacramento and Marysville, as well as from
San Francisco, has formulated a wisely devised
course of action, and has, furthermore, unanimously
agreed upon a candidate to be recommended to the
President for appointment to the vacancy on the In
terstate Commerce Commission. The accomplish
ment of that much augurs well for the ultimate suc
cess of the whole movement, inasmuch as it assures
a continuance of that combined and harmonious
energy which has brought about the good results
thus far attained.
The candidate selected for the office, W. R.
Wheeler of this city, is an ideal man for the posi
tion. While the delegates from the various States
were in session a dispatch was received from the
Portland Chamber of Commerce urging them to
agree upon a business man as the candidate of the
coast for the conimissionership. The request has
been fully complied with. Mr. Wheeler is a business
man in the strictest, in the fullest and in the best
sense of the word. He is familiar with the business
of the coast and understands its needs. He has the
nbi'.ity and has had the training necessary to enable
him to apply his knowledge to the greatest advantage
in the transaction of affairs, and if appointed to the
commission will soon be noted as one of the most
useful and efficient of its members.
It is to be noted that the consideratipn of freight
rates and other questions of transportation affecting
the interests of the Pacific Coast has long engaged
the attention and the study of Mr. Wheeler, and the
work expected of him it appointed to the commission
will not find him unprepared. He has repeatedly
appeared as a representative of Pacific Coast
merchants when coast rates were under consid
eration before the representatives of the trans
continental railroads. It was the high reputation
which he has won in that way as an advocate and
supporter of the rights of the coast that inclined the
conference to Mr. Wheeler and won for him the
honor of the unanimous recommendation for the
office.
We have now the plan of campaign and the leader.
The rest is for the representative men and organiza
tions of our merchants and manufacturers to do.
There should go from every important point on ths
Pacific Coast strong indorsements of the request for
the appointment of Mr. Wheeler. The issue, as we
have repeatedly pointed out, is one that affects almost
every industry and interest of the three States. Cali
fornia, Oregon and Washington have in this matter
identical interests. It is full time that this coast had
a representative on the Interstate Commerce Com
mission, and now that a man in every respect fitted
to fulfill the duties of the office has been named for
it. there ought to be strong, vigorous and unanimous
support given to him by ail the influential forces
among our people.
The enthusiastic supporters of Mayor Phelan are
now dubbing him "the little giant" of San Francisco.
His Honor's claqueurs evidently forget what hap
pened to another Democratic "little giant" in the last
State campaign.
ONE of the noted events of the week in San
Francisco will be the thirty-first anniversary
and reunion of the Ancient Order of United
Workmen, which is to occur on Friday evening.
The occasion will serve to recall to public attention
the vast benefits to modern society which have re
srited from the work of those fraternal associations
of which the A. O. U. W. was the pioneer.
The order has in California 267 lodges in addition
to the Grand Lodge, and fifty-three Degree of Honor
lodges, to which women are admitted, and through
which they are made sharers in the benefits of the
association. The membership in the State is about
21,000. According to recently published statistics the
order had at the close of last year 360.096 members
and the total amount paid out up to that time to the
beneficiaries of the society was $88,400,820.
So vast a sum paid out during the thirty-one years
of its history by a single fraternal association shows
in a striking manner the immense benefit which can
be accomplished by mutual helpfulness. No one can
calculate the amount of good that has resulted from
the work of this and the kindred organizations which
have followed it. It must be borne in mind that the
various sums which go to make up the great total
have been in every case expended just where and
when they were needed to save the widow or the
orphan from suffering the privations and the dis
tresses of poverty. Not a cent of it has been given
in that kind of cold charity that humiliates the re
cipient. It has been merited because it has been
can-cd for his family by some member of the asso
ciation, who by helping others has won the right to
have help for his own when he in his turn has been
taken from them.
It is gratifying to note the flourishing conditions of
such associations in California. It has been largely
I through them that a system of mutual helpfulness on
j a vast scale has been built up among a people who
coming not only from all parts of the Union but from
all parts of the world might otherwise have had but
j little of that fraternal spirit which is essential to the
welfare of a community. The Ancient Order of United
Workmen can with just pride review the achieve
' monts of the past years and make their reunion an
occasion of genuine rejoicing and mutual congratula
tions.
The wish of Midas seems to have been granted in
the Alaskan gold fields. If the returning miners
could eat gold they might be able to live to tell the
story that death forces to remain untold.
Actual war has demonstrated the fact that the au
tomobile will never wholly supersede the horse. Just
think of a starving army eating its automobiles!
If the people of San Francisco could only see
Democratic candidates as they see themselves the
era of the truly good would begin.
THE UNITED WORKMEN.
W. J. BRYAN'S AWKWARD POSITION.
(Santa Rosa Republican.)
The San Francisco Call publishes what purports to be the fac-simile of a letter
Written June 11, 1883. by William J. Bryan to J. Sterling Morgan, both men being
residents of .X' hraska. Mr. Bryan was at that time a candidate for secretary of
the Railroad Commission of his State. He is accused of writing to Mr. Morton, "I
assure you that it is the money that is in the office and not the honor that attracts mo."
The letter appears to be genuine in every respect, and Mr. Morton, who is said
to have received it, was Secretary of Agriculture under President Cleveland. It is
a very remarkable declaration to come from a man who has received the consid
eration that has been shown Mr. Bryan. The Call gives the letter all possible
m prominence and vouches for its authenticity.
• * ♦
(Los Angeles Times.)
Colonel William Jennings Bryan Is in trouble. In the year 1889 Mr. Bryan
wrote to the Hon. J. Sterling Morton that ho wanted the office of secretary of the
Railroad Commission In Nebraska, saying, "It Is the money that is In the office
and not the honor that attracts me." In September, IS9P, Mr. Bryan said to a
newspaper reporter that he had never said he wanted office for the money there
was in it and not for the honor. And now a letter in fac-simile. written with
Mr. Bryan's own hand, has been made public, showing that the Nebraska
man and tin soldier actually did write such a letter to the Hon. J. Sterling
Morton on January 11, 1889. Just how Colonel Bryan proposes to gret out of this
hole into which he has placed himself remains to be seen. It Is not Improbable
however, that this letter may have something to do with the removal of Mr. Bryan
from the position of an all-the-year-round, year-in-and-year-out Presidential can
didate.
COMMENDABLE INNOVATION
FOR A GREAT DAILY PAPER
Rev. William Racier Expresses a Very High Opinion of The Call's
"Home Study Circle."
San Francisco, Oct. 15, 1899.
Editor of the Call—Everybody
who believes in the dissemination
of knowledge will appreciate your
effort to bring the readers of The
Call into close personal touch
with the leading educators of the
country. lam glad there is to be
a department for the boys and
girls, and that the courses out-
lined are for study, rather than
entertainment.
This new departure is not only a benefit to a
large number of people who are hungry for
knowledge, but a commendable innovation for a
great daily paper. Yours truly,
Pastor Third Congregational Church.
UNIQUE FIRE DEPARTMENT, CONSTANTINOPLE
OF all the queer things to be found in Constantinople none seems so stupid
as the flre engines, if they can be called by so big a name. The houses in
that city are almost all built of wood, and If a fire does start it burns fast
and fiercely. There Is a constant watch kept on the summit of the old
Genoese tower in Galata, on the tall tower of the Seraskierat in Stamboul
and on a hill behind Candlli, one of the suburbs. From this last place a
cannon is fired to give warning of a fire, and when this takes place the watch
men of the city knock on the shutters of all the houses, crying, "There is a fire
In such and such a quarter." And then the fire department comes running down
the street. It consists of a long barrel, carried on the shoulders of half a dozen
men. Arrived at the scene of the fire, there is tremendous confusion. All the fire
men get in one another's way, and perhaps in the course of an hour a few feeble
handpumps are playing gentle streams of water somewhere In the neighborhood
of the burning buildings, if the fire has not burned itself out by that time. So
far there is no case on record of one having been quenched by this funny bri
gade.—St. Louis Republic.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Dr. S. S. Young, U. S. ST., Is registered
at the Occidental.
F. T. Duhring, an influential attorney of
Sonora, is at the Occidental.
D. Clark, a prominent mining man of
Spokane, is a guest at the Lick.
O. J. Smith, a leading attorney of Reno,
New, is a guest at the Palace.
J. B. Peakes, one of the most popular
bonifaces of Santa Cruz, is a guest at the
Palace.
Ex-Senator R. Linder of Tulare is at
the Lick for a short visit of pleasure to
the city.
W. P. Lynch, a wealthy mine-owner of
Oroville, is among the recent arrivals at
the Lick.
Dr. David Powell, one of the leading
medical men of Marysvllle, is a guest at
the Grand.
R. Charlebois, one of the most extensive
fruit growers in the vicinity of Ventura,
is at the Lick.
C. J. "Wilcox, a wealthy oil speculator of
Oil City, Is among the arrivals of yester
day at the Grand.
L. E. Goble, a prominent educator of
Humboldt County, is in the city enjoyinr
a short vacation.
G. S. Nixon, a leading politician of Ne
vada, is registered at the Palace for a
short stay in this city.
H. J. Small, superintendent of construc
tion for the Southern Pacific at Sacra
mento, is at the Palace.
Edward M. Greenway returned to the
city yesterday after a prolonged business
trip through the Northwest.
Fred Dodd, a well-known and well-liked
hotel man of Fresno, Is among thosa who
arrived at the Lick yesterday.
Dr. Humphry, one of the leading physi
cians of Honolulu, is in this city on a
visit of pleasure. He is registered at the
i Grand.
State Superintendent of Schools Thomas
J. Kirk is at the Grand, where he ar.-iveJ
yesterday with his wife from their heme
in Sacramento.
Alden Anderson, Speaker of the Assem
bly, is registered at the Grand from his
home in Suisun. Mrs. Anderson accom
panies her husband.
Robert T. Devlin, Prison Director and
prominent attorney, is at the Occidental,
where he arrived yesterday from hla
home in Sacramento.
B. Lapham, a prominent business man
of Great Falls, N. V.. is at the Palace,
accompanied by his wife. They are mak
ing a pleasure tour of the coast.
David Starr Jordan came up yestprday
from Stanford University to attend the
installation of President Benjamin Ide
"Wheeler. He is registered at the Palace.
Victor J. Robertson, one of the editors
of the Commercial News and treasurer of
the Commercial Publishing Company, has
returned from a long visit to the Eas: re
stored to health.
Secretary Yarney Gaskill of the Paris
Commission has left for Chicago. He
goes to attend to s»me business matters
connected with his official position and
will be absent quite a little while.
Major Truman of the Paris Commission
Is soon to leave for the capital of Franca.
He expects to be absent over a year and
will spend his time in looking after the
interests of California at the Exposition.
"Walter J. Burke, president of the Asso
*by. wk. bai>er.
Tblrd c5 1 ° u n r^ esatlonal
elated Camera Clubs of New Zealand, in
registered at the California, with his
wife. He ie here on a vacation and will
return to his home about the first of the
month.
Surrounded by a number of relatives
and intimate friends Henry G. Hahmann
mid Miss Elizabeth Saunders were made
husband and wife in the parlors of the
Grand yesterday afternoon. The bride is
a well-known society girl of this city and
the groom is one of the most prominent of
the younger business men of Santa Rosa.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW* YORK. Oct. 25.— TV. L. Stewart of
Santa Paula is at the Holland; Mr and
Mrs. M. V. MellviUe, Mr. and Mrs. R. S.
Chapman and Mips R. Chapman of San
Francisco are at the Marlborough; Paul
Haguennauer of San Franci6co is at the
Martin.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
CAPS-X.. City. This department can-'
not advertise the name of any one dealing
in the class of caps named "in the letter i
of inquiry.
DRAMATIC BCHOOL— A. O. R.. City.
An individual 17 years of age is not too
young to enter a dramatic school with a
view to becoming an actor or actress.
TO CRYSTAL SPRINGS-E. A., City.
Crystal Springs, in San Mateo County.
may be reached from San Francisco by
rail, twenty-one miles, and four miles by
team, or afoot. The road leading to tha"t
place from San Mateo is in a westerly
direction.
THE CRYSTAL PALACE-E.. Oak
land, Chl. The Crystal Palace In New York
City was chiefly of ir6n and glass in the
i shape of a cross with a large dome. It
j was commenced in October, 1552, and the
I exhibition was opened in August, 1553
The building, with its contents, as
exhibited by the American Institute, was
destroyed by fire in September, 1859.
ELECTRICITY— N\. City. Elect riciiy
was known to Thales 600 years before
Christ. Otto yon Guericke constructed
the first electrical machine In 1647. Frank
lin announced his theory of a single fluid
terming the viterous electricity, positive,
and the resinous, negative, in 1747 aiul
demonstrated the identity of the elec
tric spark and lightning by drawing elec
tricity from a cloud by means of a kite
In 1(52. Galvini, In 1780, observed the con
vulsions of the muscles of a dead frog
when brought in contact with two metals
and after studying "the phenomena in
vented the galvanic battery. Volta in
liW. announced his discovery of the
voltaic pile composed of discs of zinc and
silver and moistened cards.
SAINT CECILIA-A. D. W., Oakland.
Cal. St. Cecilia is the patroness of mu
sic. It is recorded that she suffered i
martyrdom In 230. Her heathen parents
who are said to have belonged to a no
ble Roman family, betrothed their daugh
ter, who had become converted to Christ
ianity, to a heathen youth named Vale
rian. This youth and his brother Tibe
rius became Christian converts and suf
fered martyrdom also. Chaucer in "The
Secunde Nonnes* Tale" has it that one
day she told Valerian that an angt-1
"whether she was awake or asleep was
ever beside her." Valerian ret.
see this angel, and she said he must be
baptized first. Valerian was baptized and
suffered martyrdom. When Cecilia was
brought before the prefect Almachius and
refused to worship the Roman deities she
was "shut fast in a bath kept hot both
night and day with great fires." but "felt
of It no woe." Almachius then sent an I
executioner to cut off her head, but tor
no manner of chance could he smite her
fair neck in two." Three days she lin
«K4 with her neck bleeding preaching
Christ and Him crucihed all the wnile;
fhen she died and Pope : Urban buried the
body. As early as the hfth century theie
is mention of a church dedicated to her
at Rome, and in 82 1 . by order of Pope
Paschal her bones were deposited there.
St. Cecilia is regarded as the Jnventor o£
the organ, and in the Roman Cat hoi c
church her festival day. November 22 is
celebrated with splendid music. Raphael,
Domenichtno, Dolce and others ha\e rep
tod her in fine pictu- •
NEW ZEALAND AFTER
FAST MAIL SERVICE
COLONIAL GOVERNMENT TO
GRANT SUBSIDIES.
Oceanic Company Offers to Put on a
Fast Line of Steamers Under
Certain Conditions.
Secretary Scott of the Chamber of Com
merce is in receipt of a communication
from The Hon. J. H. Witherford of New
Zealand Bhowing * liat great efforts are
being made in that country to rfecure
Government aid in the matter of grant
ing- subsidies to steamship companies to
carry fast mail across the Pacific. It is
very likely that the movement will be
taken up in the United States upon the
reassembling of Congress, many people
on this coast being deeply interested. In
New Zealand tho business community is
alive to the importance of improving the
lnterocean mail service, but the high offi
cials are either Blow or favor the Suez
route, as sWwn by the following letter
frum Mr. Witherford to Secretary Scott:
As active efforts have been made to improve
mail service which rivals the San Francisco
line, I have during the past month been work-
Ing hard to get the service to your port estab
lished first, as the premier route for a fixed
term of years, believing such In the future
will be mutually advantageous to New Zealand
and San Francisco. I will send you a copy
at what I have done for jrour perusal. Owing
to strong conflicting interests, it has been dif
ficult to get the Premier and members of the
Houae to consider the question in its true
light, as being a necessary auxiliary to the
extension of commercial relations between
America and the Colonies.
In the letter Mr. Witherford includes ex
tracts from the Observer of New Zealand,
which in part says:
J. H. "Witherford, who has been to great pains
to get things as far forward as possible, has
- i far successful that it only remains for
New Zealand to agree to the preliminaries an 1
the service can be in working order in time
for the Paris exhibition. John D. Spreckels,
whose ramifications of trade are gradually
spreading over so many parts of this hemis
phere, is at the head of the Oceanic Company
in San Francisco and his proposal, provided
he can get a subsidy from New Zealand and
Australia, is to put on a line of fast mall
Bttamers, fitted up in every way as luxuriously
as the Peninsular and Oriental and Orient
liners.
The service will be every twenty-one days,
and the time of the passage will be reduced
to a minimum. If carried out, not only Auck
land but all New Zealand will be immeasur
ably benefited by the scheme. There is bound
to be a larze increase of tourist traffic and
the commencement of the opening up of a
great trade between this colony and the United
States.
11 r. Spreckels very naturally requires that
if the line be subsidized it shall be for a
period of seven years. It Ftands to reason.
that no company will go to the enormous ex
pense of putting on a line of fast mail steam
ers without some guarantee as regards time,
and seven years is a comparatively short time
to ask for.
Cal. giace fruit 50e per Ib at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by t-e
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mon-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Bad Boys in the Potrero.
John Krahn, 11 years of age, and
Charles Hansen, 13 years of age, were ar
rested yesterday by Policeman Ennis and
taken to the City Prison, where they wer«
charged with burglary. They were ac
cused of breaking into the fish camp of
Giorina Ceruii, Twenty-first avenue and
D street, South San Francisco, and steal
ing $12.
Physicians will tell you Dr. Siegert's Angos- .
tura Bitters is the best of alt tonlca and
stomach regulators. Drupglsts sell It.
Taken Back to Nevada.
Victor Bduton, the cowboy accused of
cattle-stealing in Nevada, was taken from
the City Prison yesterday morning by
Sheriff C. W. McDeid of Humboldt
County, Nevada, and escorted to the ferry
en route for Nevada to stand his trial.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WE HAVE
STRUCK OIL.
T'nlike other companies, we flrst sunk
small test wells to determine positively
whether or not our lands were oil-bear-
ing before askiner the public to invest
with the result that we
STRUCK OIL
In our test wells. 740 acres, in the very
hpart of the Bakersneld district, des-
tined to become one of the greatest oil-
producing districts in the world.
WE HAVE A CERTAINTY.
It Is only necessary to lay a pipe line
about two miles and put down a large
well when we can commence paying
dividends.
TO DO THIS QUICKLY
We are going to sell 10,000 shares of
treasury Stock at 25c per share, after
whli h there will be a large advance or
withdrawn f r >m sale entirely.
At this low price you have the ■cer-
tainty of realizir-K from 20 to 50 times
the amount of your investment within
ninety days. Application for sharei
must be made quickly if any of theee
shares are desired.
MAIL ORDERS
Will receive prompt attention. For fur-
ther information and prospectus write
PETROLEUM "CTNTER OIL CO,
29 MILLS BUILDING. THIRD FLOOR.
GRAND
People's Party ami
Silver Democratic
RATIFICATION
MEETING,
Metropolitan Temple,
Fifth Street, Near Market,
Thursday Evening,
OCTOBER 26th.
Look for a Surprise.
A distinguished orator will entertain you.
Selections by McKenzie's Quartet
Music by Blum's Band.
Professor McKenzie's Musical Club.We Lay No Snares for You.
We don't offer "catch prices" on certain goods in order to bring you into the store and sell you some- !
thing else: Ail our prices are low. These we mention are picked at random and are fair examples of the rest- !
hey are low, but not too low to admit of honest qualities, as we can prove to you with the goods themselves. <
Rather than leave our goods to the mercy of dirt and dust during the rebuilding of the store, we have cut the !
prices on every article of goods in our large establishment. . ]
Sideboards. Brass Enamel Beds. | Blankets and Comforts Curtains and Portieres ! New Couches. I
When you wish to buy a handsome Within the past, few months the manu- j These cool nights are reminders of the ; There isn't a choicer selection in this ■^jji'jjjrfcr'-i ■ ... i..." «u_.n._ ILP'%^. •
Sideboard, this Dining-room Necessity facturers 1 prices have gone up nearly ; necessity of getting warm coverings for i city than the stock we have gathered for H' f i^t^^^^^S^^^^^^^>\ '
need not cost an extravagant sum k for double. But our forethought in buying , the winter. I you this year. Rich, new designs and ex- I A^^i^^^^3iE^^^S^S^^^ {
we have beautifully carved massive i ea , rly not only enabled us t0 avoSd this . ' J quleite patterns are. here. /And prices '^^^^^^^^S^M^E?SSt l
Golden Oak Sideboards, with CIC ; aa an « . ln prices, but als*. , to get the pi. k 11-4 Wool Blankets, white, with differ- never were so low as we sell for. j ■
Pr°en C ch B«" Platt :, lr; -or,>or $15 • Slbg lo^™. Cc^SrSy yo°u St .ay; ffi:^Se^ffi^fil :^Js3 Q0 p"^!^, .^ £»?,^ and ! !
ahout half what others must ask by got- ; here for • ••••'• /v taThe very -,| test pattern" are'U? Sft ' ? * <
Of course we have cheaper ones, and ■ tln S one of our Beds. - Full-size California Blanket., whi . here, per pair, for : ' «P£ UV .:;:>;;.?■ «
others that cost more. In fact, to those I „ . D _, „ „ With fancy borders Tmedl- */ m%\ Exquisite Real Irish Point. Duchess Our new patterns are very rich, the
::: ;«,;f ord ... »■. >™ ii *§pKfßissa-£a -i «3.50 e?iS?!!£?!» 5ko ° on<! ™ °" $6.75 ; }ss vus 1 a >Bi fiß« 7 E ?sS«M , &3A Cotr^JWSJS 1 a
new patterns, in highly orna- for *PWV ,n « " lor ••• 7 patterns, are here per pair for VV»JV Ito this the further inducement of par- (
Furnish Your Bedroom Great Carpet Opportunity ' Furnish Your Parlor j
There's no rea- -g^ - • /^V^j^ '
■'?® % C«]fep»tßei4l -why your Bed. 1 6tll and Mission Streets, V^WIS Youcanwellaffo^ *° *»" !
S'^'%^W^^^i norn fll>oUldn>t be Xt ISn '* Often that a chance to save comes to you. an opportunity IMI f 7 ° Ur PaXl ° r hand6Omel y !
c £y> 4 v mwR7 i ]?-#("r! comfortable, ami for such large economy in Carpets as we offer this week. It's only an- 11 V^/ M when we extend such low!
irl&l? 33&/ *IW:&\£ even luxurious ° th6r exam of the keen way we look out for the interests of our if /# . -«.,
J^^%^^lV? nIH/Ti luxurious - customers,, for the Carpets that make this sale are all new in design, UU&jl pnC6S ° n 111111^ you want. <
i*i&ifrTih£l* L Mi »- Thore are no Ch ice in P atter n» and cannot be duplicated at this present time at whole- H^ll And our stock 1. ** P ft «,«i«*. '
WffitBO^^n^T( handsomer Bed- sal « for the prioes we quote you by the yard. P !
IS^SlilliSJ room 8 " lts »-' INGRAIN CARPETSI "TAPESTRY BRUSSELS. AXMINSTER CARPETS- ! as any rniture store in
■^^Si^ifiK^ than tho8 ° we SlvKSs J^ws^ard ch^^^^n^^^^ (P^Wl town " In fact> we BhOW
V- show, we got the : g >^ V^|^ ffi^, «-gffl[ 55 C 12S* l 2'uiS? 1 l "pAll 1 111 much fln " goods than most
pick and choice of Her 50c a yard" are « priCe """ *: at $1.50 and more, *p % 1 R 1 .
them all this year, and bought them early enough to avoid here. Our special SSfiJ?" 111 ? 8 Extra Tapestry Our bpec 1 a I >{,£*) \ 9 9 I houses carry, and for variety
the brisk advance in prices, so that you can save a consider- ' prlce vt/V patterns,' Moquette and now price »•••••••••••■*•■ * ■ If and completeness we a « i n
the brisk advance in pru-es. so that you can say« a consider- ■ prlce patterns,' Moquette and^- 1 I and comnleteness wa ar* 1«
abie sum by getting your Bedroom Suits here. Fine Quality Regular 30c minster designs and mi & S wmpjeLeuess we are in
Beautiful design Mahogany, Curly Birch. Birds-eye Maple. J n f r £ ln Carpets ', in ex- v I a f ly /4C Highest 12 grade of Ex- 1 ■ the very front r«nV
Hungarian Burl Walnut, and the new flni^h Golden Oak Sott^m, «.^ eS^i n8 and l % r ( ? Ur , Bpeclal prl , ce , tra Quality Axminster Car- ® the very front rank.
Suits are here as low as OMB, ?18 and 120 and up to a hun- !or gua&itScd? Our 6Sf tifuf new a%"" some '" delirS a «l" „ Cho « c « «^ designs in Parlor Suits, overstuffed spring
dred dollars and more. special price ""W| rpcularlv $1 n.r 0?r- f,» c ; . deßlra ? • <t1 OQ , edge. Mahogany frame, plain and carved, upholstered in all
Single Dressers, Dressing Tables Shaving Stands, Chiffon PpeclalprJce ' s P !c ial prfce ™t)C p^" ems ' here fo^sl.t)V th , e ,^ coverings. Silk Velour, Satiß Damask Leather and
iers. Cheval Glasses, Wardrobes and all other Bedroom com- ■£eciai pnce ' on '> reliable Haircloth; beautiful Cabinets, fancy Tables Onv'c
forts and luxuries are here to add to the cosiness and ele- : tit T T . ,n, -,«,.„ „, Top. Brass Tables, fancy Parlor Chairs, Music Cabinets
gance of your sleeping-room. I We Lay, Line and Sew FREE of Charge All Carpets Bought of Us. th^co^tYsn'tSrel^Trfact^our 'rf&T want or need> *"*'
You Save Money at PATTOSIEN'S You Save Money. |
SIXTEENTH AND MISSION STREETS. !
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
REMARKABLE PRODUCTION.
EVERY NIGHT AT 8.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY AT 2.
THE THREE
MUSKETEERS!
THE TALK OF THE CENTURY.
EXTRAORDINARY SCENERY!
Costumes made especially for this presentation.
CALIFORNIA THEATER
LAST THREE NIGHTS AND TWO MAT-
INEES OF THE LAUGHING HIT,
'A Breach of Promise I
MA T I SATURDAY, SUNDAY.
Matinee Prices 50c, 25c,
Evening Prices- -75c, 50c and 25c
Oct. 29— ONE WEEK ONLY of the Extraor-
dinary Farce,
"BROWN S Its TOWN."
IF YOU FORGET IT, YOU WILL regret it
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 532.
ADVANCE CALIFORNIA.
Genuine and Unanimously Conceded Triumph
of H. J. Stewart's and Clay M. Greene"! '
Comic Opera, ;
THE
CONSPIRATORS !
Which Will Be Presented Every Evening Till
Further Notice.
A FORMIDABLE RIVAL TO
"ROBIN HOOD"
POPULAR PRICES— SOc, 35c, 25c. 15c and 10c.
A Good Reserved Seat at Saturday Matinee 25c.
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
"MAJOR MITE"
(Smallest Actor on Earth.)
ADGIE AND HER LIONS
A XT) A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
DEWETIS RECEPTION on Land and Sea Re-
produced by the Anlmatoscope.
TO-NIGHT—
AMATEUR MILITARY CONCERT
Phone for Seats, Park 23.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1899- CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB— IBOO
Winter Meeting, beginning SATL'KUAV, Sep-
tember 23. 18SS. * '
OAKLAND RACK TRACK.
Racli Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or • hiae.
Five cr mote races each day.
Ha- start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
ir.-30. I. 1:' O. 2. 2:SC and 3 p. m.. connecting '
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. BUy your ferry ticket* to Shell Mound
All trains via Oakland Mole connect with dan
Pablo meniie Electric Cars at Seventh and
Broadway, Oakland. A1?o nil trains via Ala* ,
nieda Mole connect with Ban Pablo avenua
tars at Fourteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
These electric cars go direct to the track in fif-
teen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. an'! Immediately after the last rac«.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS* JR.. President.
R. n MII.ROY. Secretary.
CONCERTS AND KESO
OPEN FROM 1 UNTIL 12 P. M.
STEEPLECHASE— CENTRAL PARK.
Is now the funniest resort In America, Coney
Island transferred to San Francisco to make
every one laugh: everything new a,nd novel.
Pronounced by thousands to be the real thine.
PROFESSOR HILL, King: of the Wire. Is a i
wonder.
Admission to all attractions and ride, 10c.
HANDSOME PRESENTS FOR A.LU j
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA »»«
UP TO & INCLUDING SATURDAY NIGHT.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
DUNNE AND RYLEY PRESENT
HOYTS Most Celebrated Farce.
A Milk White Flag
Beg. SUNDAY, The Popular
Deg. OUIILI/%Y 9 Comedians.
MATnEWS AND BULGER,
>ii IN
•'By the SadJSea Waves."
Special Comedy Season Prices, $1, 75c, 50c, 25c.
WRIGHT HUNTINGTON,
MISS ADELE FRANCIS and GEO. FARP.EN
! MISS LAURA BURT, SADA, VINIE DE-
! WITT, WALTON'S ACROBATIC SIMIANS,
MLLE. ERNA'S TRICK AND MUSICAL
! DOGS.
— L— O— T— T— Y—
The Sensation of the Season.
TOM BROWN, THE FLORENZ TROUPE.
I Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera Chairs
and Box Seats, 50c.
j MATlNEES— Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
1 GRAND AND ENGLISH OPERA SEASON.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
Every Evening and Saturday Matinee.
Offenbach 6 Great Comic Opera,
"La Belle Help, 1 '
Drawing Crowded Houses Nightly!
A Melange of Bright Music, Pretty Faces,
Fast and Furious Fun. Brilliant Singing!
NEXT Myerbeer's Great Tragic Grand
Opera,
"L'AFRICfIINE."
Avedano. Salassa, Wanrell. Anna Llchter. Ada
Walker, Etc.
Four Performances of 'THE BOHEMIAN
GIRL."
! POPULAR PRICES 23c and 50c
Telephone for Seats. Bush 9.
POLITICAL.
FOR
MAYOR
HORACE DAVIS,
/ REGULAR
REPUBLICAN
NOMINEE.
FOR SUPERVISOR,
CHARLES BLISS,
Regular Republican Nominee,
FOR DISTRICT ATTORNEY,
LEWIS F. BYINGTON.
DEMOCRATIC NOMINEE.
IF YOU WANT THE DEAD RE-
SPECTED VOTE FOR
C C. 6'DOINNELL
& for CORONER. . * (
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1899.
MISCELLANEOUS.
ffews of Camps and transports
MORE SOLDIERS
DEPART FOR THE
PHILIPPINE WAR
Two Transports Got
Away Last Night.
There is now a little more room at the
: Government wharf and Captain Barneson
:is correspondingly thankful. Two of
j the transports got away last night.
i Three others are In the stream. Thu
Olympia and Pennsylvania were the- first
jto get away. They are going to the Co
; lumbia River and will take a regiment of
soldiers aboard at Portland. The Tartar
and Newport were the next to k-ave. They
carry the Twenty-eighth Regiment be
twten them and will go to Manila, via
Honolulu. The Manauense was not many
I mjnutcs behind the Newport and Tartar.
j She carries four companies of the Thirty
! first, under command of Major Portf-r.
The Pennsylvania and City of Peking
have been turned into model troopships.
Under the direction of Supervising Engi
ueer J. H. Uatthewa all the inside cabin
work of the Pennsylvania on the main
deck was torn out and the vessel fitted
throughout with the Turner patent bunk.
I By this arrangement the transport can
j carry 300 more men and still the soldiers j
| have better quarters in every respect. ,
Thf-re is plenty of ventilation on the
I transport now and the men have room j
| to move about between the tiers of bunks, i
; With the spring mattresses there Is no
sagging as there was with the old can
v;is affairs, and everything can be kept i
I as clean as a new pin.
The Indiana was fitted out in the same ;
! manner as the Pennsylvania and Mr '
Matthews i.s so pleased with the results !
that he is going to fit out the Ohio in the j
same manner vhen she arrives.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Mo- I
NEW STORE.
NEW GOODS.
1146 MARKET ST. >-
5n •If"
WILL BE PLACED ON SALE THIS DAY.
LADIES' SHIRT "WAISTS, value for 50c and 75c; will be offered at..
...............;............ . ........25c
LADIES' WRAPPERS, value for $1; - will rbe offered at ...... ,.sOc
LADIES' PLAID DRESS SKIRTS, value for $3; will be offered at...
........... ■.■...:.....;............... ........ $1.50
BLACK CREPON, 46 inches wide, value for $1; will be offered at.. ..
— ....... ;: . . \. .........: — . . . — sOc yard
BLACK AND NAVY BLUE SERGE, all pure wool. 46 inches wide;
■ value for 75c; will be offered. at sOc yard
J.O'BRIEN&CO.
1146 Market Street,
Between Taylor and Mason.
ana will leave for Australia next Wednes
day with every inch of space on her occu
pled. She cannot carry all the freight
offering and many of the passengers will
have to sleep on settees, as all the bertha
were taken several days ago. Not an
ounce or" cargo is being taken for Hono
lulu, as the regular steamer will attend
to that. There is over llCn.i tons of canned
goods in the Moana's freight. There will
be no race to Honolulu between the
I Oceanic boat and the Hongkong Maru.
No coal can be got at Honolulu and the
Moana has only enough to take her to
Australia. None of the black diamonds
will go up in smoke in any racing on this
occasion, therefore.
The Diamond freight and express line,
successors' to the Davie Freight and Ex
press Company, ia doing remarkably well
on the Oakland run. The Mount Eden is
a good boat, but she is not large enough
for the business, so the company has
about completed arrangements fo/ the
building of a new and fast steamer for the
| creek route. In the meantime, if a good
! boat to run in conjunction with the Mount
I Eden can be got she will be put on the
opposition iii,.- to the Southern Pacific.
: V. J. Robertson of the Commercial Pub
-, lishir.g Company was back on 'Change
yesterday, and received a most cordial
welcome home from the shipowners and
merchants who were on the floor. Mr.
Robertson has been on a nine months'
! visit to Georgia, Florida and New York
Needless to say. he saw the yacht race
and the Dewey welcome home.
Jthe brig Lurline came in from Kahulul
yesterday, after a fine run v>t eleven days.
The bark Amy Turner took thirteen days
Ito come from Hilo. Both vessels were
! practically in ballast, as the sugar season
i is over. *
The Secretary of the Treasury has
■ awarded to Jefferson M. Brown, Lazar
j Pozanovich and an Indian named "Sam"
I gold life-saving medals in recognition of
j their gallant conduct in attempting to
, rescue the crew of the wrecked steamer
: San Benito on November 22. lßff6; and to
; Conrad F. Strand, master of the steamer
! Point Arena, Lars E. Olsen, mate, and
i Andrew Lllleland, P. Anderson and A.
: Henrikson. seamen, silver life-savinp
medals in recognition of their meritorious
: services in rescuing twenty-five members
■ of the crew of the wrecked steamer San
1 Benito near Point Arena, California, on
November 22 and 23. I«°6.
The superintendent of the Twelfth Tnit
ed States Life-saving District, room 3.".
I Appraiser's building, San Francisco, d^
j sires to be informed of the postoffloe ad
! dress of each of the persons to whrnn the
| awards have been made, in order that the
I medals may he delivered without unn<*e
| essary delay as soon as they are struck,
1 engraved, mounted, etc.
THE TWENTY-EIGHTH
AWAY FOR THE ISLANDS
POSSIBLE DELAY FOR THE MEN
OF THE THIRTY-FIRST.
The Twenty-eighth -Regiment has
finally found Its way to a transport and Is
off for Manila. Part of the Thirty-first
has gone too, and the rest will go on
Saturday if nothing happens. There is
another suspected case of varioloid, how
ever, m one of the companies, and that
may delay the portion of the regiment
that was to go on the Peking
R^/'t^ 1 ™ 0111 a - private in Company
B of the Thirty-first, one of the small
pox patients from the camp of detention
has been returned to duty with his reel
mem, and Benjamin F. Goswell? a private
in Company X of the Thirty-first ha®
been removed from the detention camp to
1 danger °?™£
Courts-martial have been busy for i
ffied P a St h«? n h d y r teT6ay ' s con*
ta ned a batch of approvals that will
fSVSPg: orfe^erT^ ° f ™« *™
without leave, and of bein| drunk and
disorderly, was sentenced (lour previous
convictions having been considered/to
forfeit $10 and to be confined at ha
month 1 " 1^ Charge ° f the suardforone
-Private Alfred" O. Heustis hoSDital
corps, found guilty of desertion was
sentenced to be dishonorably discharged
forfeiting all pay and allowances? and to
twoTeawf at hard lab at A lcatraz for
Private Henry F. Lester, hospital
corps, found guilty of desertion, was
sentenced to be dishonorably discharged
forfeiting all pay and allowances? and to
be confined at hard labor at Alcatraz for
tvo j r c3.rs. ■ . . - J
Private Wilbur Lowe, hospital corps
found guilty of desertion, was sentenced
to be dishonorably discharged, forfeiting
all pay and allowances, and to be on
fined at hard labor at Alcatraz for two
Private /Thomas Lydon, Troop G Sixth
Cavalry, found guilty of leaving his post,
was sentenced to.be confined at hard la
bor under charge of the post guard for
three months and to forfeit $10 Per nth
for the same period. in
Corporal -' Frank Feese, Battery N
Third Artillery, found guilty of disor
derly conduct and. of disobedience of or
ders of his superior non-commissioned
officer, was sentenced to be reduced to
the ranks and to forfeit $10 a month for
three months. •
ci Private Henry J. Ripling, Battery N.
Sixth Artillery, who was tried by a gen
eral court-martial convened at Honolulu
H. 1., upon the charge of desertion, was
acquitted.
I Private Newton Shackleford, Company
I, Thirty-first Infantry, found guilty of
assault upon a comrade, was sentenced
to be confined at hard labor under charge
of the guard at the place where his com
pany may be, serving for two months and
to forfeit $10 a month of his pay for the
same period. '
Private William Matevie, Company X
Fortieth Infantry, was acquitted of the
charge of selling clothing.
Sergeant Peter "C.Schmitt. Battery A
Sixth Artillery, found guilty of having
disobeyed the orders of his battery com
mander, was sentenced to be reduced to
the ranks and to.be confined at hard la
bor under charge of the guard for a pe
riod of three months and to forfeit $10
of his pay a month for the same period
Private Edward A. White, Company d'
Thirty-first Infantry, found guilty of
using insulting and abusive language . to
a first sergeant and of other insubordi
nate conduct, was ' sentenced ' to { be con
fined at hard labor 'under charge of ' the
guard at the place where his company
may be serving for one month, and to
forfeit $10 of his pay. - •
The date of the sailing of the Peking,
so far as orders from headquarters are
concerned, has been postponed until Oc
tober 28. : : - .
Major Joseph W. Duncan, , Thirteenth
Infantry, and Major Walter S. Scott,
Fourth Infantry, have been ordered to
proceed to the Philippines on the trans
port Pennsylvania. ■■ - ■
Acting Assistant Surgeon John H. Hill
was assigned to duty on the transport
Tartar. ■
First Lieutenant Benjamin F. Hart
shorne,; Ninth . Infantry, has been as
signed to . temporary duty with the re
cruits, at the Presidio, pending, an as
signment to Manila. . .
Ducks, Not Ducking.
Enjoy your duckg at Zdnkand's and don't take
chances getting a ducking In the marahea while
hunting the elusive canvaaback. •
THE CALLS
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
DR. COOK'S STUDY OF "LOVE'S LABOR'S LOST."
Copyrig-ht, 1899, by Seymour Eaton.
POPULAR STUDIES IN SH«K.ESF»E/\RE.
Contributors to this course: Dr. Edward Dowden, Dr. William J. Rolfe. Dr. Hamilton W,
Mabie. Dr. Albert S. Cook, Dr. Hiram Corson. Dr. Isaac N. Demmon, Dr. Vlda D. Scud
der and others.
11. LOVE'S LABOR'S LOST.
(Concluded. >
Critical Study of the Play.
Andrew Lang somewhere says:
" 'Love's Labor's Lost' ought to form a
part of compulsory education in schools,
colleges and newspaper offices." I should
be loth to subscribe to this opinion, for
the story of the play is of the slightest,
there is no plot to speak of. and wastes
of barren but intricate verbiage tempt
the understanding which they baffle and
mock. Yet he is right in recognizing its
Value as a satire on the euphuism and
preciosity which we have ever with us.
which begins with the sophomoric age
or earlier, but often continues to be the
product of riper years. It were needless
to multiply instances— Shakespeare him
self could furnish many— but here is one
from a writer who, In Holofernes' phrase,
draweth out the thread of his verbosity
finer than the staple of his argument; it
is from an essay of Swinburne's on the
dramatist Chapman, and the sense of it
might be applied to
our play: "There I
are beauties enough I
lost in this thick I
and thorny jungle of I
scholastic sensuality I
to furnish forth a I
ctbzen or so of I
pilfering poeticules I
, with abundance of I
1 purple patches to be I
| eewn on at intervals I
i to the common tex» I
ture of their style." I
This c h aracteristic I
of the play, the ob- I
scurity and artifici- I
J ality of the diction, I
! together with the I
I lack of movement, I
• have prevented it I
I from ever regaining I
i the vogue upon the I
j stage which it en- I
! joyed within the I
first decade of its I
existence. In our I
own century it was I
| invested with great I
| splendor and placed I
! upon the boards of I
| Covent Garden in I
183S, but only to fall I
lifeless; and another
attempt at Sadlers
Wells in 1857 was no
more successful. As
an acting play it is
dead. As a closet drama It still appeals
to our interest in several ways.
In the first place, It is probably
the earliest play that Shakespeare wrote.
Critics dispute whether it was produced
in 1589, 1591, or a little earlier or later
than these dates. If 1589 be correct,
Shakespeare was 25 years of age. How
fascinating is the spectacle of the dra
matist trying his 'prentice hand at the
form of literature in which he was to
surpass any writer who ever lived. He
had married seven years before, and had
now been in London three years. There
had not been time for him to forget the
Latin which he had conned at the Strat
ford grammar school, nor the master un
der whom he had learned it. The rus
tics of the countryside appear as Ja
quenetta. Costard and Dull, while the cu
rate and pedagogue who had amused his
boyish years are condemned to an im
mortality of ridicule as Sir Nathaniel
and Holofernes. Shakespeare had not
been so long away that he could not re
member every rural scene— how It was
"when daisies pied and violets blue
• • * do paint the meadows with de
light," "when shepherds pipe on oaten
straws and merry larks are plowmen's
clocks," or, on the other hand,
"When icicles ham? by the wall,
And Dick the shepherd blow? hie nail,
And Tern bears logs into the hall,
And milk comes frozen home in pall."
To him the life in Warwickshire may
well have been among the solidest of re
alities. He had left it behind him for the
time being, and could afford to make fun
of it; but he knew it intimately and was
in after times to long for it and make it
once more in very deed his own.
He had come into a new world, the
world o*- which London was the center
and epitome, a world in which Mary
Queen of Scots had but recently been exe
cuted and the Armada scattered to the
winds, in which Hakluyt was publishing
his voyages, Greene and Marlowe writ
ing their dramas and Spenser his "Fairy
Queen." Henry of Navarre, better known
as Henry IV of France, was making good
his title to the throne which he ascended
in 1559. Sidney was dying at Zutphen.
Charles, Duke of Biron, two years older
than Shakespeare, a soldier who had been
made marshal of France at 16, was now
at 27 like Henry his King at 36, storming
cities and capturing fair ladies' heart?,
insatiable in arms as in love. Longue
ville, another doughty general, was a vig
orous supporter of Henry and Mayenne
was his most dreaded opponent in the
field. It was a time of adventure and of
profusion. Men were prodigal of others'
blood, of their own lives, of sentiment, of
lovers' oaths, of discourse, of poetry. It
was a world of generous illusions, of ro
mance, of the incredibly marvelous come
true or on the point of being realized.
Into this world "Love's Labor's Lost" was
born, and this world, too, like the petty
world of a Warwickshire Village, figures
on its pages. Here, under transparent
disguises, though such as were only pene
trated in our generation by Mr. Sidney
Lee. are Henry of Navarre and his two
redoubtable subordinates; and there his
formidable foe, Mayenne, transmuted
into another supporter. Dumain. As
Henry and his followers in 15SG hud met
at St. Brice the silken cohorts of
Catherine de Medici, and held courteous
parley with them, so do the imaginary
King and his companions encounter a
French Princess and het maids of honor.
As the Embassadors of Russia, on a mis
sion to woo a bride for the Czar, had in
1583 been entertained with elaborate cere
mony at York House, while Lady Mary
Hastings, a candidate for imperial favor,
he.d state in a pavilion erected on the
lawn, so in the play we hove a deputa
tion disguised as Russians, and a pavttton
pitched in the open field. The Spaniard,
Armado, sugests the Armada. The
play breathes of the fanciful and fan
tastic, of gallantry, of poetry, no less than
of tustlclty, the pitifully mean and absurd.
Shakespeare is still in the period of his
sonnets and of his non-dramatic poems,
such as "Venus and Adonis." In the
piny, as In the sonnets (No». 127. 130. 1321.
there Is a "dark lady." and it is signifi
cant that the Rosaline of "Romeo and
Juliet .'* like Berowne's mistress, has
black eyes (compare Act 111. scene i, line
I'.Ti. with "Romeo nnd Juliet." Act I,
scene 4. line 14). The poet's lyrical effu
sions have ease and grace, and he has
seldom done anything better in their kind
than such passages as Act IV, scone Hi,
11. 101-12^. 312-Sf>3. and the song already
quoted. Act V, scene 11, 11. 904-939.
Shakespears thus discloses himself to
us, in his earliest play, da a devotee at
once of romance and of realism, and,
though he was tin occasion to blend the
two mnr" perfectly yet he here an
nounces his adhesion to both. Thus the
fairies and the "tedious brief scene" by
"hard-handed men" in the "Midsummer
Night's Dream" exemplify the double
loyalty, it has often been remarked that
Jaquenetta and Costard are first sketches
for Audrey and Touchstone, as Berowne
and Rosaline for Benedick and Beatrice.
The poet alre^ady embodies precocious
wisdom in gnomic lines and couplets, as—
The blood of youth burn* not with such excess
As gravity's revolt to wantonness;
or,
Honest, plain words best pierce the ear of
prief.
Some of the mintage of this maiden essay
is proverbial, or deserves to be so. I in
stance only Act I. sc. i. 11. 1-7, 13-14 ,25
85-88, 105-7, 17S; Act 11. sc. i, 11, 6r;-7fi;
Act 111. sc. i, 11. 166. 192-5; Act IV. be
11, 11. 56, 126; Act IV, sc. ill. 11, 167-170;
Act V, sc. 1, 11. 40-41; Act VI, sc. ii, 11.
406-8, 940.
, Who has not wished that he might see
| Shakespeare, the artist, at work. choos«
I ing one phrase and rejecting another,
• touching up a duller or cruder expression
| until it attained the "elegancy, facility
and golden cadence of poesy?" This play
affords the opportunity. Performed be
-1 fore Queen Elizabeth at Christmas, 1597,
as the original title witnesses, nwas.prob-"
ably for that occasion, "newly corrected;
| and augmented." Borne of "the correct
! tions. no doubt written in the margin of
1 the earlier copy, have not crowded out
the original lines, and the consequence ig
: that we have the worse and the better
; side by r»i f le. If one desires to know what
I Shakespeare, when 34 years old. meant
by correction and augmentation, let him;
I compare Act IV, sc. iii, 11. 302-4, with
350-3, and Act V. sc. ii, 11. 827-832, witM
; 847-881, ►•specially 847-864. After sufficient!
study of vhe parallels let him, if so dis-<
i posed, attempt to improve some other
; passage of Shakespeare which does not
: quite satisfy him. In any case, let him
: remember what Ben Jonsor. has said iq
j his noble eulogy, and not hastily assume
I that Shakespeare was a careless impro-<
j viser:
I Yet must I not give Nature all: thy art.
I My g-er.tle Shakespeare, must enjoy a part;
Shakespeare's Birthplace in 1848.
From a photograph.
For. though the poet's mother nature be,
His art doth give the fashion; and that he
Who casts to write a living lin?, must sweat
(Such a3 thine are) and strike the second heat
Vpon the Muses' anvil.
It is perhaps not too much to say that
I "Love's Labor's Lost" suggested Tenny
son's "Princess." Besides echoes likg
"Princess," I, 197-8, compared with Love' 9
Labor's Lost," V. ii. 8*55, and "Can
zonets." "Princess." IV, 117; "Love's
i Labor's Lost." IV, ii. 124, the central
situation is identical, reversing the roles
;of women and men. In Shakespeare's
drama the men, entertaining the monastic
; notion of learning and virtue, propose to
I exclude the temptresses who may witch
them ba?k to the world; in Tennyson it
is th? women who will have naught to do
{ with the men. In both cases the pagan
j gods of love and matrimony refuse to be
: deprived of their rights— and rites. The
I Renaissance temper triumphs, and asceti
i cism is baffled in its endeavor. In both
cases, too, the result is finally achieved
only through the chastening agency of
j sorrow.
Two or three matters of local or temp
orary interest may be noticed in conclu
sion. Armado. the Spaniard, is made the
mock of the Anglo-Saxon. In the original
' edition Shakespeare spells "Labor," not
; "Labour." Finally, he inveighs by the
! mouth of Holofernes against such rack
ers of orthography as to speak dout
* • • when he should say doubt, det
det when he should pronounce debt—
d-e-b-t, not d-e-t."
rale University.
«. 1
QUESTIONS FOR RESEARCH AND
REVIEW.
1. This play Is a satire on a false Idea
of human conduct. What applications to
every-day life may we make from the
teachings of this comedy?
2. There is an educational principle
which Rousseau condensed into the maxim,
"Follow Nature." Do you find tNs to ba
the theme underlying this comedy?
8. "Love's Labor's Lost" has been
called a comedy of affectation. What
affectation is there in the King's view of
life? What affectations of speecn are most
noticeable? In what characters are these
affectations most pronounced? Does
Shakespeare seem to you to be "taking
off" certain speech-habits of his time?
4. Does the King act and talk like a
king? Sufficiently so for stage purposes?
5. How do the women and the men of
this comedy compare as to strength of
character? seriousness of motive? readi
ness In emergency? ability to intrigue?
6. How does woman figure as the teach
er in this play?
7. What do you judge, from this
comedy, is Shakespeare's idea of the social
relations of the sexes?
8. From the last act, do you think that
Love's Labors will be Lost, after all?
9. Is the rather somber ending of the
play disappointing? Do you wish for a
sequel? la a somher ending out of har
mony with the- idea of comedy? Is seri
ousness incompatible with humor? Com
pare the ending of this play with the end
ing of the "Merchant of Venice" and "The
Tempest."
10. Does this play show stationary
characters, or characters developing? Is
a play, in which characters are merely ex
hibited, as great as a play in which we see
characters improving or deteriorating?
11. Notice the amount of wit and word
play and repartee in this comedy. Does
the dramatist *eem to have restrained his
powers at any point? Does the word-play
prove wearisome?
12. Notice the rhyming of lines and
compare with any of the later and mor£
finished comedies. Is the need of rhymed
lines apparent here?
13. What four groups of characters are
there In this comedy? How are the groups
inter-related?
14. Do Berowne and Rosaline show
characteristics that distinguish them
from the rest? Are these characters fully
wrought out?
15. The dramatic action of this comedy
occupies two days. With what act does
the second day benr'n?
Ohio State University.
Note— The study of the "Comedy of Er
rors" will be commenced on Monday next.
COURSES OF INSTRUCTION.
Autumn-Winter Term, 1899-1900.
MONDAYS and THURSDAYS:
Popular Studies in Shakespeare.
TUESDAYS: The World's Great
Artists.
WEDNESDAYS: Desk Studies for
Girls and Shop and Trade Studies for
Boys.
FRIDAYS: Great American States
men.
SATURDAYS: Home Science and
Household Economy.
These courses will continue until
February 15, 1900.
Examinations will be held at their
close as a basis for the granting of
certificates.
78
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS
St-_l_\lf_4fly OF 77/£ MARKETS.
Tin Plate lower.
Linseed Oi! and Lucol marked up.
Some descriptions of Candles higher.
eased foreign imports at this port.
- er and financial quotation^ unaltered.
tt dull, with weaker prices on call.
*>arky and Oats continue firm and in steady demand.
tiling new in Corn and Rye.
lers look for another advance in Hay before long.
neons continue stiff and rising under a sharp demand.
Vegetables continue to sell at better prices.
- receipts from the East depress the Poultry market.
ne in lively demand and firm.
er lower and dull. Eggs weak, but not actually lower.
Fresh and Pried Fruits remain about the same.
Provisions stand as previously quoted.
Small Flogs getting scarcer again.
Charters. ■
Th« Annie Johnson loads merchandise for
Hilo; Quickstep, merchandise for Kahu'.ul: S
G. Wilder, merchandise for Honolulu.
The Dauntless loads lumber at Gray's Kar
bor for Guaymas; Esther Buhne. redwood at
Kurcka fcr Honolulu; Otillie Fjord, lumber
at Gray's Harbor for Hllo.
Wheat charters prior to arrival for Europe
are the Ai-ldgirth. J2s 6d; William Tillie,
85l 9d.
Imports at This Port.
Korean Imports at this port during tha first
nine months of the year amount to $34,203,400,
axainst 129,709,850 for the same time In IS>93.
ihe leading sources being ati follows: Ha
waiian Islands, J10.3X5.537; China, $5,608,000;
J.-ip.m, $T,116,('0O; Great Britain, $1,605,000: Cen
tral America, $2,308,900: British Columbia, $1.
--■477.W0; Kast Indies, $1,877,000.
Wall Street and Business.
The New York circular of Henry Clews says:
"The Wall street horizon looks somewhat
brighter Extensive covering of 'short' con
tracts and readier buying by the larger opera
tors indicate a change of tone, and on the
whole the tendency of the week has been
towards 'bull' ascendancy. There has been no
notable Increase In the volume of transactions,
and as yet the gain Is chiefly seen In in
creased snap and confidence; which Is perhaps
all that could ■■• expected in the first mo
ments df escape from a protracted depression.
This recovery- is largely due to the Improved
aspects of the local money market. The drain
of currency to the interior Is abating, and
the near prospect of the reflux of money to
this center is trusted to bring about an early
revival in speculative securities.
"An ultimately active and much higher mar
ket la almost universally accepted as a fore
gone conclusion, and for manifest reasons.
T'pon a wide range of stocks prices are low
as compared with such an extraordinary ac
tivity In trade a.-= now exists throughout the
country. All accounts from the West represent
the prosperity among the farmers as surpass
ing everything in past experience. The manu
facturing centers also present an activity ex
ceeding all precedent. Everywhere industrial
j.lants appear to be running to their full ca
pacity, and in many cases day and night.
Labor was never so fully employed and never,
aa a rule, received such high wages; the effect
of which must appear ' In a large increase of
general consumption among the working
masses. The recent Increase in the foreign
demand for our manufactures— now amounting
to $339,000,000 per year, against 000,000 six
yearn ago appears to be losing none of its
remarkable progress In spite of the enlarged
home consumption. The mercantile classes
are ■ing benefited by a continuous rise In
the value of their stock? of goods, and their
profits are In welcome contrast to the unsatis
factory results of the last five years of depres
sion. All this reflects the release of enterprise
from the restraints of the depression conse
quent upon the silver craze and the over-pro
duction of the last five or six years. It means
that, for that period, the demand of the coun
try, in every department of consumption, has
r.oen restrained to the last point of endurance;
nnd that now, with common consent, the peo
ple are In the ant of compensating for their
past curtailments In supplying their wants. It
also means that during this contraction of
consumption some nine millions of new popu
lation has come Into existence with Its large
additions to th« wants of the national con
sumption. It Is doubtful whether, even among
the keen observers of Wall street. there Is
any adequate conception of what this change
of condition? Implies as to the magnitude of
the demands now pressing iipnn the markets
and the Industries of the crnmry. True It Is
nothing new to have n rwrUxl nf, trade depres
sion followed by a mrs <-><■ pr-op.;rous activity;
but we have never !..•■. .it n-ftneiwed a situa
tion in which thU kln.^ of r»vlv«] has existed
upon a acalo of such nwiKiittiide a:< wo now wit
ness."
Weather ' "Off
n?<Hh Meridian- r.-icllir Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 25. r, p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 52) San Diego 70
Fresno 6w Sacramento 64
Ixr< Aneeles 78 Independence 62
]{•>'! Bluff 72'Yuma 80
San Luis Oblspo ■72
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
02: minimum, 52; mean, 57.
The following are the comparative seasonal
ininfalls to date:
This Last
Stations — Season. Season.
Eureka .',.3 i 8. 09
Red Bluff 2.62 0.89
Sacramento 3.68 0.90
Pan Francisco 3.60 1.15
Fresno 1.83 0.31
WEATHER CONDITION'S AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure is beginning to fall over Van
couver Island. An area of high pressure over
lies the Rocky Mountain region. The tem
perature has remained nearly stationary ex
cept in Southern Oregon and Northern Cali
fornia, where there has been a rise of about
6 degrees.
No rain has fallen over California, Nevada
and Utah. . .«-■
Rain is now falling over Washington and
Northern Oregon.
A maximum wind velocity of twenty-eight
miles per hour from the southwest at Fort
Canby.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. October 26:
For Northern California Fair Thursday, ex
cept showers from Cape Mendoclno northward;
fresh northerly winds, changing to westerly.
For Southern California— Thursday,
light northwest winds.
For Nevada— Fair Thursday.
For Utah— Fair Thursday.
For Arizona— Fair Thursday.
For Son Francisco and vicinity— Thurs
day: light fog In the morning and Increasing
cloudiness at night: westerly, changing to
Boiitherly wind*.
ALEXANDER G. McABIE, Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS
New York Stock Market.
NEW STORK, Oct. 25.— The movement of
was Irregularly upward for the railroad
stocks, while many Industrial stocks, especially
of the more recently organized companies,
showed symptoms of weakness. The movement
. f the market was by pulsations, first one
then another group of stocks taking up th»
advance. There was no time during the day
the general level of prices kept company
at the top, the rise in one group giving way
to a. reaction before the advance was taken up
l.• another. M I •:« sluggish
hout the day. Prices teneiaily gave way
after 2 o'clock under the pressure of realizing
In the leather stocks, which had been the cen
ti-r of speculation all day. The earlier gains
wiped out in numerous Instances in this
n. The agrgreeslve advance of the coal
<-!-h checked the decline and rallied the mar
ket, but not to the top level. Tho advance In
:i !-rn was still In force, but with rrregu
lar tendency. The gains In the coalers went
nil the way from a point in the minor members
of the group to 4Vi in New Jersey Central.
lings in th<» leather Btocks were again on
s scale, the common risins at one
2S and the preferred to 82%. Other
points of Individual strength were Sugar, the
Southern group of railroads, the Southwestern
group, lowa Contra) preferred, Ann Arbor pre
l. Great Northern preferred, Anaconda and
American Car, both common and preferred.
ttfc« market opened with a show of strength re
flected from London, where the fortnightly
settlement devoloped quite a large bear ao
■ in Americans, so that London bought
ire as many stocks as were sold for that ac
yestcrday. Large realising met th« ad
■ and the local traders were inclined to the
«lJe. They haJ sonM assistance from the
. -t.ve weakness of a number of st'-vks In the
strlal list. Sucks having to do with the
netal iiulimr.fs were ail heavy, and Pullman,
1 Jeneral Electric and Laclede Gas declined
sharply. Of stocks of the more recently organ
ized companies, American Hoop preferred,
Union Bag preferred and American Malting
preferred dropied from S to 5 points on small
transactions. The continued stiffness of the
money rate, which ruled at 6 per cent or above,
v.&s a discouragement to the bulls. The sud
den drop of 4 per cent late in the day. though
not of much s c:.'.f*. :ance, as an Index of actual
conditions, helped on the late rally in Bt
The recovery In sterling exchange In \t~,\ f
the hardness of money here and the dnip in the
discount rates in London is difficult to explain,
especially In view of the free buying of stocks
by I-»>ndon In this market. There was some
growth of the demand of stocks through com
mission houses In addition to the large opera
tions for account of Influential speculative com
binations. Analysis of the day's changes dis
nowever, that the strength of the mar
ket was decided this afternoon.
There was a cood demand for bonds at gen
erally high prices. Total sales, par value.
$2,110,000. New fours registered advanced 1 t
and new fours coupon h» in the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
2,600 Atchison 21Vi .
17. 3,".>) Atchison prefd 65 1 4 .
1,200 Baltimore & Ohio 52 5 s
SO") Canadian Pacific &6H
2<V> Canada Southern 53
4.250 Chesapeake & Ohio 26*4 >
3,250 Chicago Great Western It -
11,130 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 133's !
200 Chicago Ind & Louisville lift
100 Chicago lnd & Louisville prefd 42ij
100 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 97 1 ,;
200 Chicago & Northwestern 171
6,250 Chicago Rock Island &Paciflc 115 !
12,110 C C C & St Louis 6u»i
400 Colorado Southern 5
Colorado Southern Ist prefd 4.V»
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16
6,700 Delaware & Hudson 124 1
65-3 Delaware Lack & Western 193%
COO Denver & Rio Grande 21 s ; !
1,600 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 76V*
600 Erie 13%
2,025 Erie Ist prefd 38»i
6,460 Great Northern prefd 176 I
300 Hocking Coal IS
200 Hocking Valley 34%
COO Illinois Central 114?;
1,200 lowa Central prefd llVi
2,000 lowa Central prefd 60 I
200 Kansas City Plttsburg & Gulf 7, |
I^ake Erie & Western 19 j
600 Lake Erie & Western prefd 79
Lake Shore 19S
7,750 Louisville & Nashville 85»i
22,170 Manhattan L 112
2,'>80 Metropolitan Street Railway 1574
200 Mexican Central 13%-j
300 Minneapolis & St Louis 72 I
100 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 94% I
16,770 Missouri Pacific 46%
100 Mobile & Ohio 46
300 Missouri Kansas & Texas 124
2,200 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 35%
13,060 New Jersey Central 126 ;
3,500 New York Central \S$%
11.075 Norfolk & Western 26%
8,032 Norfolk & Western prefd 7 " :
36,3"0 Northern Pacific 54%
1.600 Northern Pacific prefd 75>£
10,095 Ontario & Western 26V* j
Oregon Railway & Nay 42 ;
Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 76
2,700 Pennsylvania -...'. : 132%
3,625 Reading 22' t
20.030 Reading Ist prefd 614
6.J00 Reading 2d prefd 33'
Rio Grande Western 35
100 Rio Grande Western prefd Sl«^ "
St I^ouis & San Fran 10H
St Louis & Ban Fran Ist prerd 70 j
St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 35%
100 St Louis Southwestern : j:;i
4.200 St Louis Southwestern prefd Blii
' 10.230 St Paul 1271*
100 St Paul prefd 1: 4
St Paul & Omaha ' 122^
29.5.M) Southern Pacific 38%
6,275 Southern Railway 12% ■
5,200 Southern Railway prefd 5414
9.200 Texas & Pacific 18%
34.160 Union Pacific 4714
17,175 Union Pacific prefd 7»i;
I.OSO Wabash 7% ,
6.230 Wabash prefd 22 !
2.110 Wheeling & Lake Erie 1114
4,150 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 30>4
645 Wisconsin Central 16% j
Express Companies—
Adams 114
American 143
United States f,2V,
100 Wells-Fargo 132
Miscellaneous—
1.200 American Cotton Oil 45U
1 American Cotton Oil prefd 95
617 American Mallting 10
2,653 American Malting prefd 44
625 Am Smelting & Refining 30
200 Am Smelting & Refining prefd 8614
American Spirits 8^
American Spirits prefd 17
8,285 American Steel Hoop 43?;
670 American Steel Hoop prefd 82
I 17,250 American Steel & Wire 49%
325 American Steel & Wire profd 96
2,125 American Tin Plate 35
360 American Tin Plate prefd 83V4
! 8,210 American Tobacco 122
I American Tobacco prefd 144
9,075 Anaconda Mining Co 44%
: 3V760 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 85%
1.600 Colorado Fuel & Iron 55%
2, SO Continental Tobacco 42%
400 Continental .Tobacco prefd 92&S
i 21.2C0 Federal Steel " nit
; 2.250 Federal Steel prefd " 78'
440 General Electric „ 121
j 2,240 Glucose Sugar 52%
300 Glucose Sugar prefd ' {19
2.160 International Paper ."!! 28
1.000 International Paper prefd „.. 70
600 Laciede Gas i 73% !
,350 National Biscuit 401;
National Biscuit prefd 94% '■
750 National Lead 25% '
810 National Lead prefd 108V4
i • I.CSO National Steol 4SH ;
670 National Steel prefd 9314 ]
New York Air Brake 143' I
8,200 North American 127' !
1.000 Pacific Coast 50% i
Pacific Coast Ist prefd £8
300 Pacific Coast 2d prefd 65
700 Pacific Mail 40
3.272 People's Gas 113%
$."•0 Pressed Steel Car 5714
215 Pressed Steel Car prefd 89$
100 Pullman Palace Car 197
£00 Standard Rope & Twine 714
64.140 Sugar 162%
BugT prefd .' 117
2,480 Tennessee Coal & Iron. 116%
23.365 United States Leather " 24V .
40,750 United State* Leather prefd.. £1% "
United States Rubber .'.: 4014 j
United States Rubber prefd 112 !
Sr-0 Western Union g;% i
2,170 Republic Iron & Steel ' izy.
1,47! Republic Iron St. Steel prefd . M
p c c a St Louis ;;; 74
700,190 Total Sal««.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s rear 100V4 M X & T 2ds 68%
Do li reg 1075 Do 45.. ....93
Do Ss coup 10SV» NYC lsts 11214 ■
Do new 4e reg...l2SH N J C gen 85.....1!iu2
Do new 4g c0up. .130 iN Carolina 65... . 127
Do old 4s res; 111H Do 45... ......104
Do old 4s coup...U2\« N Pacific lsts.. . 113
Do 6s reg 110% Do 8s 65%
Do 5« coup, 111% Do 4s 102%
Dist of Col 3.e65...U7 NICiStL 45..105
Ala clans A 110 N £ W con 4s 92%
Do class 8.......110 Do gen 65.. 135
Do class C 103 Or Nay 15ta...,....115
Do currency 100 Do 45... 1O2«
Atch gen 4s 9» Or Short' Line 65.. 128
Do adj 4s 86% Do con 5s 115
Can So 2d» 108 Reading gen 4s ... 87* i
Chea & Ohio 4Hs.. 95*4. R G W lsts. .98
Do 5s lM^jSt L & I M con Ss.llOU
Chi 4 X con ...145 St L 4 8 F gen 124'^
t>o S F deb 55... Bt Paul cons 163
IHE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1899.
Chi Term 4s 98 |Et P C & P lsts...in'/4
D & R O lsts 107 ' Do 5s 12 _,
Do 4s 99% 'So Railway 5s 10»%
E T V & G 15t5... 103H Stand R & T 65... 83
Erie gen 4s 71% Term new set 35... 94
FW& D C Ists... 7S Tex & Pac 1315....n<!i
! Gen Electrlo 55... .115 ; Do 2ds j»
G H & S A 6s 110 |U Pacific 4e M«H
Do 2ds 108 Wabash Ists Jl»%
HATC os 11l ! Do 2ds }?°*
Do con 6s 119 West Shore 4s 113
lowa Cen lets 116 Wls Central Ists... JSM
KCP St G Ists... 70 Va centuries 86
La new con 4s 106 I Do deferred 5
I L & N uni 4s 100 'Colo Southern 45... SB
I, .. MINING STOCKS.
; Chollar 25 Ontario 8 *>
1 1 Crown Point 12 "phlr {*
1 Con ("a.: & Va.... 1 55! Plymouth >• i?
' ; adwood 76 ' Quicksilver ........ i «j>
Gould & Curry.... 27 Quicksilver prefd.. 700
Hale & Norcross.. 3<j Sierra Nevada .... &-
I ••■■mistake 65 00 Standard • j™
i Iron Stiver 84 i Union Con »
Mexican 201 Yellow Jacket .... 13
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— I West End prefd.. .lls
Call loans 8%@6 Westlnghouee El ■■ «
Time loans 5 @6 Westg El prefd.... 66
Stocks— Wisconsin prefd .. lb*
AT & S F 21H Bonds—
AT & S F prefd. 65 Atchison 4s »»
American Sugar. ..152% Mining Shares—
Am Sugar prefd.. ..117 Adventure .... W,
Bell Telephone 367 Allouez Mining Co. 4
Boston & Albany.. 24B -Atlantic -»
Boston Elevated. ..lO7V4 j ßoston & Mont ii*
Boston & Maine... Bum & 0 " 10 "-"-.?
Chi Bur & Q 133% Calumet & Hecla..<4o
Fltchburg 120 Centennial «tt
General Electric. .l2o [Centennial «tt
Gen Elec prefd. ...139 Franklin 15
Federal Steel ..... 74% Humbol-t Vii
Fed Steel prefd.... 78V ! psceola »2
Mexican Central... 13V parrot • «
Mich Telephone.... 106 Oulncy 150
Old Colony 206 | Santa Fe Copper.. 8
Old Dominion .... 26 Tamarack »0
Rubber 48 iWlnona 6%
I Union Pacific 47M> Wolverines BSV4
Union Land ...;... Utah 34V»
; West End 93 I
New York Money Market.
| NEW YORK, Oct. 25.— Money on call, firm, at
4<g l ? per cent; lost loan, 4 per cent; prime mer- I
cantile paper, KQbM,- Sterling exchange, firm,
with actual business In bankers' bills at $4 87
<g4 S7H for demand and $l S3@-4 834 for sixty
days; posted rates, U i>3Vj and {4 SSVi : commer
cial bills, 14 83V_; silver certificates. 58@53c; bar
■ silver, 57%0: Mexican dollars. 47c. Govern
i ment bonds, strong; State bonds. Inactive; rail
j road bonds, Irregular.
Cash in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 25.— T0-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows; Avail
able cash balance, $293, 341,399; gold reserve,
J253,513,001.
London Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 25.— The Commercial Ad
i vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The tone of the market was good all around
at the opening of the new account. Business
was brisker than for some time. Americans
i were active and strong, but mainly on New
York buying. The strongest feature was Union
Pacific. In tho street the market was more
; animated than It has been for weeks.
The contango rate was tighter than usual,
5Vj per cent being the rate, while on St. Paul
it was 4 Tintos. 4S; Anacondas, 9?i; Utahs,
"Vi; Bostons, Hi. Spanish fours were 6H4.
Money continued very easy. The Bank of
England boujrht £12,000 gold In bam and £72.
--000 in German coin. The net influx for the
week, was £4b0.000.
CLOSING.
I LONDON. Oct. 25.— Canadian Pacific, 97%;
I Union Pacific preferred, 79»i; Northern. Pacific
preferred, 77?;: Atchlson, 22^; Grand Trunk.
I 7%: Anacondas, 9'j; bar sliver, quiet, 26% d;
j money, IVi per cent.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Oct. 25.— FLOUR— Receipts.
14,435 barrels; exportß, 6969 barrels. Ruled
firm, but only moderately active. Holders tried
without much success to get an advance ot
6<gloc In anticipation of the higher interna
tional freights with November 1. Closed
with an upward tendency.
WHE AT— Receipts, 114,823 bushels; spot
steady. No. 2 red, 75% c f. o. b. afloat spot;
No. 1 Northern Duluth, 79e f. o. b. afloat to
arrive; No. 1 hard Duluth,- SOHc to arrive: No.
2 red, 7S%c. Options opened quiet %c decline
under local selling In absence of satisfactory
cables and outside support, further declined
V under bearish weather reports and contin
ued liquidation. Later rallied sharply in sym
pathy with the more decided strength In corn
and closed firm at the previous day's clos
ing figures. May, 7S 9-16@79Hc. closed 79V4c;
December, 75075 9-16 c, closed "SVic.
HOPS—
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Quiet. ,
METALS — Tin scored a signal advance in
the local market to-day on a sudden Increase
In demand and withdrawal of offerings in
part due to firmer cables and more satisfactory
accounts from the West. Spelter, on the other
hand, was unsettled and lower. The other de
partments were destitute of special features.
At the close the Metal Exchange called:
PIG IKON— Warrants, very dull at $18.
LAKE COPPER— Easier at $17 75.
TlN— Higher, with $31 50 bid and $31 65
asked.
LEAD— Quiet, with $4 60 bid and $4 65 asked.
The brokers' price for lead is $4 40 and for
copper $17 75.
SPELTER— Weak, with $5 15 bid and $6 25
asked.
COFFEE — Options closed firm, with prices
G points lower to 5 points higher. Sales, 20,600
bags, Including: November. $4 90: December.
$505 05: January, $5 OBOE 10; March, $5 2iVc<T> 30;
May. $5 2506 30; July. $5 40; AugUßt, $5 50.
Spot coffee— Rio, steady and quieter. No. 7
invoice, 6c; No. 7 Jobbing, 6Hc. Mild, steady.
Cordova. 6\(gil%c.
SUGAR — Raw, firm. Refined, steady; good
demand.
BUTTER— Receipts. 150 C packages; firm.
Western creamery. 17ff24e; June creamery, 17@
22% c; factory. 14»4@17c. ;
— Receipts, 5504 packages; steady.
Western ungraded at mark, 14@18c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK. Oct. 25.— California dried fruits,
quiet.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 6©7 c;
prime wire tray, 7%<§Bc; choice, B>4@B^c; fan
cy. S4!g9c.
PRUNES—
APRICOTS— 13@15c; Moorpark, 15@lSc.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 7%@10c; peeled, 20@22c.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Oct. Generous rains through
out the Southwest, where claims of damage
by drought have been numerous recently,
started wheat easy. Indifferent cables also
encouraged liquidation. Trade was too dull to
permit of any notable break and the decline
was slow, though sure, the market . finally
reaching a point %@%c below yesterday's clos
ing price. In the meantime corn developed de
cided strength. This, together with general
outside buying, started an upturn and the mar
ket continued to advance until the close. The
market closed firm within - a fraction of the
best price of the day. Shorts were free buyers
on the late bulge and hastened the advance.
December opened ViffiUo lower at 70Vi@70%c, ad
vanced to 7<H4c, declined to 69%@70c, advanced
to 70% c and closed at 70^@70%0.
Corn wa,-» active a.nd irregular. • . An estimate
that Nebraska's yield would amount to 2*4.
--000.000 bushels this year, or 14,000,000 more than
expected, encouraged short selling for a time,
but the pressure had very little effect, as the
market appeared to be oversold. Then early
sellers turned buyers, and In an effort to get
back former holdings the price was bid up
rapidly and the market, from being rather
downwardly Inclined, became- very strong. De
cember closed at 1 31Vi@31%c. . •
Sympathy with corn caused a slight advance
in oats. The market wu very dull and the
bulk of trading consisted of changing Decem
, ber to May. December advanced to 22%0 at
the close.
Provisions were weak early, but turned strong
near the close, with half a dozen . buyers for
everything offered for sale. , The strength in
corn brought about the change In sentiment.
January pork closed 20c higher, January lard
6jj7V4c higher and January ribs 7V4c higher.
The leading, futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
October 63% 69% 68% 69
December 70% 70% 70 70%
.May. 74% 74% 73% 74*
Corn No. 2—
October .... .... .... • 31%
December 31% 31% 31% 31%
May 32% . 3314 82% 8314
Oats No. 2—
December 22% 22% 22% 22%
May 24% 24% 24% . 24%
Mess pork, per bbl — - • -..■■
December ...7 82% 805 7 82% 806
January .....9 40 860 9 37% 960
Lard, per 100 lbs— . "
December 5 1214 520 6 12% 520
January C3O . 5 37% 530 . .6 37%
Short ribs, per 100 lbs— . ...
December 4 72% 4 S2'^ 4,72% 4 82%
January ...4 90 4 97% 4 87% . 4 97%
Cash quotations '• were • as . follows: : Flour,
steady; No. 2 spring wheat, 69%@710; No. S
spring wheat. 64(f70c; No. 2 red, .o^@7lV4c;
No. 2 Corn, 32>,;c; No. 2 oats. 23c; No. 2 wnite.
25%©2« c; No. 3 white. 24*i(92. : » l ie: No. i ryt,
54*ic; No. 2 barley. S'jriUb^c: No. 1 naxseed.
II 3051 30Vi: prime timothy seed. J2 30: mess
pork, per barrel, $8«S 06: lard, per 100 pounds.
J6 20@5 25; short ribs sides (loose). %i 7s(Jio fo,
dry salted shoulders (boxed), 6fafiM,e; «»>«
clear sides (boxed). $5 40@5 sft; whisky, distil
lers' finished goods, per gallon, $1 24; sugars,
cut loaf, unchanged.
~ArtioTe_^ Receipts. Shipments
Flour, barrels IS. OOO 18.000
Wheat, bushels 195.000 24.000
Corn, bushels 773.000 JCo.OOO
Oats bushels 350.000 • 262.000
Rye, bushels 21.000 4.000
Barley, bushels 173,01)0 2T.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was weak; creamery. 15jT22c; dairy,
M'S'lßc. Eggs, strong; fresh, 16Vi@17c. Cheese,
strong; creams, 12@12\ic.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL. /V
Wheat— Dec. Mar. May.
Opening ..6 11% 8% 6 1
Closing 6 UVi 6% «1
PARIS.
Wheat— \ Oct. Jan. -Apr.
Opening 15 40 19 20
Closing 13 40 la Ou
Flour-
Opening 24 75 25 25
Closing 24 65 25 25
California Fruit Sales.
NEW YORK, Oct. 25.— Porter Bros. Com
pany's Bales of California fruit: Grapes— Tokay,
$1 10@l 35, half-orates; $2 201(2 80, double; To
kay Clusters, $1 85; Cornlchons. $1 2B@l 40, half
cratee.
CHICAGO, Oct. 25.— Porter Bros. Company's
sales: Grapes— Tokays, $1 2."@1 fis, half crates;
Morocco, ii 50; C-ornlchons, $1 55@1 65; Muscats,
tl«n SO. Peaches— II 60 box.
The Earl fruit Company sold California fruit :
to-day at auction, realizing the following I
prices:
BOSTON Oct. 2B.— Grapes— Muscats, single
crates, $ig>l 80, average $128; Tokays, $1 lO®
2 36, average $165; double crates, $2 4554 05,
average J3 46; Cornlchons, single crates. $1 60$
2, average $1 63. One car sold to-day; favorable
weather.
CHICAGO, Oct. 25 -Grapes— Malaga, single
crates, 95c@$l 15, average $1 11 Prunes—ltal
ian, single crates, 80c<9tt, average 90c. Pome
granates, 90C35l 05, average 38c. Three cars
sold to-day; favorable weather.
NFW YORK, (fct. 28.— Grapes— Tokays, sin
gle crates. SI 35^1 SO. average Jl 45. Heart— |
Ea.»ter Beurre. boxes, $1 SfSi 25, average $2 11. :
Eight cars sold to-day; favorable weather.
OMAHA. Oct. 25.— Grapes— Tokays, single
dates, $1 76.
BUTTE, Mont., Oct. 26— Pears— D'Alencon, j
boxes, $1 95; Kaster Beurre, $2, average $1 97; ;
Pounu, $1 90; Winter Nell Is, $1 96.
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, Oct. 2:V— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow:
A tremendous business ha? been transacted
In the wool market since our last review. Con
sumers, members of the trade, speculators and
exporters have purchased freely, and as we
go to press some large lines are under nego
tiation which will very likely result in an
other large record next week.
English buyere are here and are negotiating:
for some good sized lines of wool. Including
Australian wool in bond, and have already
taken a considerable amount during the past
ten days. About 250.000 pounds of South
American crr-ssbreds have also been sold and
further exportatlona of territories may be
looked for at any time. Prices are strong
with an upward tendency, and the situation
has been intensified by the strong advices rp
celved from Australia. The sales of the week
in. Boston amount to 8,078,200 pounds, domestic
and 1.903. 000 pounds foreign, making a total
nf i 0.071.200. against a total of 5.0i0.000 for
the previous week and a total of 2.325. r,00 for
the corresponding week last year. Sales since
January 1, ISM. amount to 24?. 045, 300 pounds,
against 93. 466,510 pounds last year at this time.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Oct. 25. -CATTLE— was a
fairly active demand for . Cattle to-day at
about former prices, the middle grade? being
barely steady. Good to fancy (trades brought
|t 60$?-5 70; common to medium, $4 10®5 45;*
ftockers and feeders, $'■.■; 75; cows and bulls,
f;',;l2S; Texans, »3 50<g4 10; calves, $5®7 70.
HOGS — Trade In Ho wa?. brisk at steady
prices. Fair to prime lots. $4 20(R4 42 1 .; heavy
packers, $3 SO«4 17H: mixed. $4 1004 35: butch
ers. $4 15@4 42%; lightweights, $4@4 35; pigs,
S3 90ST4 30.
SHEEP — There was en excellent demand for
Sheep and Lambs at the recent advances.
Poor to choice Sheep sold at $2 25(^4 35 an.l
Lambs at S3 sOsT r> 60; poorest to the best.
Receipts— Cattle, 14,000; Hogs, 32,000; Sheep,
15,000. :
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or., Oct. 25.— Clearings, J376.
--445: balances. $37,170.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Or.. Oct. 25 -WHEAT— WaIIa
Walla. 56'5:7c; vail y. 57@58c; blue stem, s»c.
WASHINGT< 'N
TACOMA. Wash.. Oct. 25.— WHEAT— Club,
B6'^c; blue stem, 57c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Oct. 25— Consols, 104: silver, 26»id :
French rentes. 104f 47V4c; wheat cargoes off
coast, buyers and sellers apart: cargoes on pap
sage, nominal, unchanged: cargoes No. 1 stand
ard California. 30s 6d; English country mar
kets, oart Id cheaper.
LIVERPOOL. Oct. ».— Wheat, dull; wheat
'n Paris, weak; French country markets, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 Sl-32d.
CLOSING.
CORN— Spot— American mixed new. quiet, 3s
IMA: American mixed old, quiet, 3s 7'^d. Fu
tures—Steady; November. 3s 7Tid; December,
3s "vfcd: January, 3s THd.
WHEAT— Spot, dull. Futures— Quiet; Decem
ber, 5s llVid; March. Sa ftd; May. 6s Id.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — • $4 84
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88
Sterling Cable* — 4 89
New York Exchange, eight.. — 12
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Mexican Dollars 48 Oil
Fine Silver, per ounce , — &7 T
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— There was not much life to the
market anywhere. Liverpool was slightly
lower and dull. Here trc.de was stagnant at
unchanged quotations on the spot, though fu- j
tures were weaker. . .
Chicago reported some foreign selling, with !
St. Louis buying freely. Northwestern receipts
have been decreasing lately and will probably
continue to do so. Those, markets have . been
relatively stronger during the past few days.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 07V4@1 <>S%; milling.
SI 10<§Jl 12&. -
CALX. BOARD SALES. ,
Informal Session— 9:ls .o'clock— May — ctls,
Jt 16: 2000 $1 ICY December— l3.ooo. $1 09%; 2000.
$1 0934.
Second Session— May— 2ooo ctls. $1 16H- Decem
ber—2ooo, $1 09%. ,<-.%
Regular Morning Session— May — ctls,
$1164; -6000. $1 16%. December— 2ooo $110%.
. Afternoon Session — December — 4000 ctls,
$1 10Vi: 2000. $1 10%. May— 2ooo, $1 16%: 8000.
$1 16%.
BARLEY — There Is nothing whatever doing
on call, but the spot market le firm with a
steady demand on consumptive and shipping
account. .
Feed. 80(f?90c; Brewing and shipping grades,
92%c©Jl ; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales. .
Afternoon Session— Seller- '89— 4000 ctls, 89c.
OATS— The market continues very firm and
holders sell at full figures, or not at all. Spot
stocks are moderate. White. $1 10@l 30; Red,
»1 07%@l 17 1 *: Gray, $1 07%@l 174; Black, 97V4e@
$1 10. ' _:  ■; • ii
CORN— Eastern large Yellow, \JI 05@l 07V4;
White, Jl 05@l 07% mixed, $1 0201 05 per ctl. "
RYE— per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
The China iteamer took out 10, 764 barrels
Flour.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60<g>3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40®3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $3 40<33 50 per barrel for
extra, W 2&O> 40 for bakurs, ana $^ 2j®3 for su
perfine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In saeJcs are as fol
lows, ußual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $S 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal. {2 50; ex
tra Cream Corn M*>al. $3 26; Oatmeal, J4 25;
Oat Groat*, $4 50; Hominy, $3 25@3 50; Buck
wheat Flour. $4®4 25; i 'racked Wheat, $3 75;
Farina, $4 M); Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oatß (barrels). $6 or,f;O 4:,; in sacks, Jo 85@6 25;
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Sound try Hay continues very firm and deal-
ers are of the opinion that a further advance
will take place before long. But large quan
tities of w«t Hay are coming in and this oper
ates against any advance at the moment.
BRAN--»17 MOU per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI9<&2G 50 per ton.
FEEDSTI'FFS— RoIIed Barley, $18 50@19 per
ton; Oil Cake Meal at the mill, $26@27; Jobbing,
$27 50<g,J2S; Cocoanut Cake, 120® 21; Cornmeat,
(23 50(ff24 60; Cracked Corn, 524@23; Mixed Feed,
$16 50tfj 17 : Cottonseed Meal, ?28 per ton.
HAY— Wheat. $s-,j9 for common to g^nd and
J9 50(§10 for choice; Wheat and Oat, $7 50@9 50;
Oat, J6 50(fjS 50; Bailey. $sffl7; Island Barley, to
<s>ii; Alfalfa, $5@7 per ton; Compressed, $7@9 per
ton.
STRAW— 3O@4Oc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans continue the star attraction of the
produce market and prices advance almost
every day. The crop of the United States Is
said to be under the average, hence the East
Is drawing large supplies from California, and
the Government Is also taking more or less.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 50®2 55; small White. $2 35
<fz2 96; large White. $2 30®2 40: Pinks. $2 36®
$2 45; Reds, »J 50@3 76; Blackeya, *4@4 25; But
ters. ; $3; Lima, *4 WS'S; Pea, $2 75@3; Red
Kidneys, $2 60@2 70 per ctl.
S BEDS— Mustard, 3@3^c; Yellow
Mustard, 4@4%0: Flax. nominal: Canary,
3%c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 2V6@3c; Hemp. 4@4%c;
Timothy. 404HC.
DRIEP PEAS— Nllea, Jl 35@1 50; Green, Jl 73
(81 S5 per ctl. '
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Tomatoes ars In reduced supply and less
demoralized. Sweet Potatoes, too, are clean
ing up and firmer. Onions likewise show a
small advance and several of the summer vege
tables ar« bringing higher prices.
POTATOES— River Reds. 60@70c; Early Rose.
4r-f?f.oc; Burba nks, 60@75c per ctl; Salinas Bur
banks, f'PcffJl 15: Oregon Burbanks. 70085?:
Sweet Potatoes, 65@75c for Rivers and $I@l 23
for Merced.
0N10N5— 60(3750 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 2@40 per lb
String Beans. 3*f4c; Lima Beans, 3H@sc;
Cabbage. 50c; Tomatoes, 15@40c; Egg Plant,
50@75c; Dried Okra, 12Vic per lb; Garlic. 2@3c:
Green Peppers. 65c@$l per box; Carrots, 30@40c
per pack; Cucumbers, S<vgi7sc; Summer Squash,
nominal; Marrowfat Squash. $B@lo per ton.
Poultry and Game.
Poultry Is still weak, as there Is a large
quantity of Eastern offering;.
Game was In quick demand and firm, and
several descriptions showed an advance.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 13@15c for Gob
blers and 13@15c for Hens; Young Turkeys, 15<i}
17c; Geese, per pair. 11 755J2; Goslings, $1 75
S2; Ducks. H'S* 30 for old and $4 EO@G for
young; Hens. $4^5: Young Roosters, $3 2.1^
4: Ol<J Roosters, »4f?4 BO; Fryers, W&3 25;
Broilers. $3®3 2» for large. $3@S 25 for small.
Pigeons. $1 25 per dozen for old and $1 50®
1 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Quail. $1 60©*: Mallard. $6fl0; Can
vafiback. $12: Sprig. J4SS 50; Teal, 1305:
Widgeon, $2 oo<g3; Small Duck, $2@2 50; Doves,
750 per dozen; Hare, $1 50(51 75; Rabbits, $1 75
for Cottontails ami $1 75 for Small; Gray Geese,
$3 Eo@4; White $l<gl 50; Brant, Jl 60i?2 50; Eng
lish Snlp«. $2 60 per dozen; Jack Snipe, Jl 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The steamer Alliance brought In fresh sup
: plies of Butter from Humboldt and the mar
i ket 1? weaker In consequence, as predicted
i several days ago. Eggs are not actually lower.
I but they are weak and dull, as buyers will
I not buy a ranch Egg at current quotations
I If they can help it. Cheese remains unchanged.
'■ HTTTER—
I Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 30c; seconds,
2S@29c.
Dairy—Fancy. 26'527c; good to choice, 24@25c;
store, nominal.
Pickled roll, 22-ff24c; firkin. 21-S22^c; cream
ery tub. 22M'24c.
Eastern. l"^ic for ladle packed.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. ll^c: old, 10%j@
i lie- Young America, ll'ic; Eastern. Hißloc.
EGGS— Quoted at 25@82ttc for store and SBO
, 42% C I'^r .Inzen for ranch; Eastern, 28(5 30c for
I selected, 25<f?27Vic for No. 1 and 20<g22VaC for
seconds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Wine Grapes are firmer again and will soon
be out. Table Grapes show no improvement.
i Melons are very bard to sell at any price.
; Quinces are scarce and firm at an advance.
Receipts of Berries were larger again and
i lower prices resulted.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 35<f?65e per box for common; 75c@$l
; for good to choice and $1 25«1 50 for fancy.
HKKRlKS— Blackberries, $. r >«6 per chest;
j Strawberries, $10 ;>er chfst for small and J2JT3
tor lurge berries: Raspberries, $3 50^6 50 per
I chest; Huckleberries. ".I/ ?•■ per lb; Wisconsin
] Cranberries, $6 50<@7 00 per bbl ; Cape Cod Cran
j berries, $T r >>"^i7 76; <•<„,= !^ay Cranberries. $6 50
! per barrel and $2@2 26 per box.
i Grapes, 20iff40c for Black. MO4OC for Muscat,
ZHG 4Oc for Tokay; 40® 50c for Cornichon; crates
sell lCfflSc higher: Wine Grapes. J24@'27 per
ton for Zlnfandel, J20Q23 for other black and
Jl6@lS for White.
Cantaloupes, 25@50c per crate; Nutmegs, 15®
25c per box.
Pomegranates, 50c®$l per box.
Winter Tears. 35c(S$l 2.' per box.
Quinrcs, 75cg$l per box.
CITRUS FKUlTS— lemons. $1 f.o@2 SO for
common, «nd $3&4 f'»r good to choice; Mexican
Limes. J4's'4 ED; California Limes. 75cg$l: Ban
anas, $1 :iC'!S2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $I@2 50
per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
Everything stands about the same.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, in sacks, 4%c for
40-50*. 4Vic for 50-60s, 3%c for 60-70s, 3>4c for
70-SOs. 2%c for 80-90s and 2 1 ifi'.'»ic for 90-100s;
Apricots, ll#l3c for Royals, 12>^(516c for
Moorparks and 127?14c for Blenheims; Peaches.
sy.<B6c for Standards, 6W;@7c for choice and 74
(SBc for fancy: peeled Peaches. ll@13c; Evapo
rated Apples, 6@7VJc: Sun-dried, 4V4@sc per lb;
Nectarines, 7%(gßc per lh for red and B©9c for
white; Pears, 6V4@80 for quarters and B<Sloc for
halves; Black Figs, S<??4c; White Figs, 6@6%c;
Plums. 6*g6Hc for pitted and I%<£2<£c for un
pitted.
RAISINS — Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
]b, 10c; choice, 9c; standard, 8c: prime. 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas —
Fancy, per lb. S%c: choice. "He; standard, 6"£c;
prime, sc: unbleached Sultanas. sc; Seedless,
80-lb boxes, sc, 2-crown loose Muscatels, s^c;
3-cro\vn, 6'4c: 4-crown. "c: London Layers,
2-crown, $1 50 per box: 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 12Hfffl5c; Walnuts. B@9c
for standards, and 9'/6@loc for softshell;
Almonds, 10<4'gl2V4c for paper-shell, 9@loc for
soft and 4<7rsc for hard-shell: Peanuts. s}i?i6%c
for Eastern, and Be for California; Brazil
Nuts. f.'i(S9c: Filberts, ll^fimc; Pecans, 7%@
8c: Cocoanuts, %4 r,O(itb.
HONEY— Comb. ll%c for bright and 10%- for
light amber; water white extracted, 7'4(?j7Vic;
light amber extracted, 6%@7c; dark, 5%c per
lb. -• .
BEESWAX— 24 @26c per lb.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, !>c per lb for heavy.
S^O'lOc for light medium. llUc for light, 13c for
extra light and ISUc for sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, 14c: California Hams. 13Hc;
Mess Beef. $11 per hbl ; extra Mess, $12 50;
Family. $1+: extra Prime Pork. $12 50; extra
clear. $16 50; mess, $15tf15 50; Smoked Beef, 12c
per lh.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6ff?6^c per lb for
compound and 7Uc for pi're; half barrels, pure.
8c: m-Ib tins. B%e; K-lb tins. 90.
COTTOLENE- Tierces. 7»i®7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
steers. H©ll%c; medium, 10%; light. 9Hc; Cow
hides, 9>4@loc; Stags. 6Vi®"Hc; Salted Kip,
9iic: Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, sound. 17c; culls and
brands, 13c; Dry Kip and Veal, 15H(ffl6c; Dry
Calf. 17(7il8c; Sheepskins. yearlings, 20®80c
each; short Wool. 35@6ftc each: medium. 70@
90c; long Wool, 90c@>$l 10 each; Horse Hides.
salt. $2<r?3 for large and $1 25@1 50 for small;
Colts. BQGOc.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. BIgSM'C per lb; No.
2, 4^4M,c; refined, ; grease, 3(f?3%c.
WOOL-Spring Clips— Valley Oregon. 17@18c:
Enstern Oregon, 12^140 for choice and 9<glH4c
for fair to good.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln Lambs, SfflOc; do
plain, "(g'Sc; San Joaquin and Southern Moun
tain, I¥4pßt; Northern free, 10@12c; do de
fective. i'iifilOc per lb.
HOPS— 9^ 12c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Hops are weak Just at the moment, but deal
ers look for a possible Improvement next week,
as small Hogs are getting scarce again.
BEEF— per lb for Steers and 6^@7c
for Cows.
VEAL— 7(gloc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%@Sc; Ewes, 7@7%c
per lb.
LAMB— Spring. S@SHc per lb.
PORK— Live . Hogs. si£c for small, . 6%(55%c
for medium an* ."■ffO'ic for larce: stock Hogs
and Feeders, sc; dressed Hogs, 7@B%c.
General Merchandise.
. BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bag?, 7@7Vie: Wool
Bars. 28@30c; Fruit Bags. 6c, 6V4c and 6%0 for
the : three grades of white and 7VJc for
bleached' Jute.
Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington, $3; Southfleld Wellington. $7 50; Se
attle, $6; Bryant. $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend,
$7 50; Scotch, $8; Cumberland, $9 &0 In bulk and
$10 60 In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$12; Cannel, $8 per ton; Rock Springs and
Castle v Gate. ,$9 60; Coke. $12 per ton 'In bulk
and $14 In sacks. .
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Reilnln* Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6%c.: Pow
dered, 5%c; Candy Granulated, sc; Dry Granu
lated 4%e; Confectioners' A, 4%c; California
A, — , Magnolia A, 44c; Extra C, 4%c; Golden
C, 4%c; barrels, l-16c more; half barrels,
more; boxes, 4c more; EO-lb bags, He more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent. Dominoes, half barrels. 5%c; boxes,
5%c per Ib.
LINSEED OIL— Is higher at 57c per gallon
for raw and 59c for boiled In barrels; cases, 5c
more.
LUCOL— Is higher nt 52c per gallon for raw
and 54c for boiled in barrels; cases, 5c more.
TIN PLATE— Is lower at $5 75 for American
and English on the spot and $5 27 for American
and $5 65 for English, forward delivery.
CANDLES— The following descriptions are
higher: Electric light— 6s, 16 oz, 20s, 9%c: 6s,
14 oz, 20s, B%c; 6s, 12 oz, 20s, 7%c; 6s, 10 oz,
2"s, 7c; 12s. 12 oz. 40s, 84c (hotel). Granite
(mining)— 6s, 16 oz. 20s, 10Hc; 6s, 16 oz, 40s,
MHic: 6s, 14 oz, 20s, 94c; 6s, 14 oz, 40s, 9V*c;
6s. 12 oz, 20s. 84c ; 6s, 10 oz, 20s, 7%c; 12a, 12 oz,
40s, 9c (hotel).
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 25.
Flour, qr sks 5,493' H0p5, bales 4
Wheat, ctls 660 1 Hay, tons 604
Barley, ctls 6,620 Hides, No 420
Oats, ctls 460iChicory. bbls 62
Com, East, ctla.. 600! Sugar, bbls 252
Cheese, ctls SI Sugar, sks 1.450
Butter, ctls mi Quicksilver, flsks 197
Tallow, ctls 279 Leather, r0115.... 131
Beans, sks 3.556 Eggs, doz 3,600
Bran, sks 600 Raisins, bxs 5,750
Middlings, sks... 1.317 Wine, gals 48.200
Potatoes, ske 2.354 Brandy, gals 6,670
Onions, sks 300 Pelts, bdls 19
Flax Seed, sks.. 89 Lime, bbls 332
Wool, bags 514
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks.... 2,660i8ran, sks 450
Oats, ctls 450 Middlings, sks... 382
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 6. 312 Hope, bales 2
Wheat, ctls 1,5401 Flax Seed. sks.. 1,763
THE STOCK MARKET.
There wan good trading on the morning ses
sion of the Bond Exchange, but the only
changes worthy of note were a decline in
Honokaa Plantation to $34 and an advance in
Contra Costa Water to 70<370 25.
In the afternoon Contra Costa Water was
firmer at {70 25 and Honokaa at $34 75.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. Oct. 25—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. ! Bld.Ask.
U S Bonds— Mutual El Co. 14 —
4s quar coup.. — — OG L & H-... — 49%
4s quar res.... — — Pac Gas Imp.. — 63
4s quar new... — 131% Pac Light Co.. 41 —
3s quar coup.. — 108% 8 F G & E.... 61V4 61%
Miscellaneous— I San Fran — 3%
Cal-st Cab 53.117 — Stockton Gas.. 12 —
C C Wat 55... 107 107% Insurance—
iEd L & P 65.130 — Flrem's Fund. 22o . —
IF& Cl Ry 6s. 115 — Bank Stocks—
Geary-st R 6s. — 96 Anglo-Cal 65 —
H C& S 6%5.106 — Bank of Ca1... 405 —
L A Ry 65... .1054 — Cal 8D & T.. — —
LAL Co 65.. 99 — 'First National — 245
Do gtnd 65.. 99 — > Lon P & A.... — 133
Do gtnd 55.. — — Mer Ex — 16
L A & P R 68.103% — j Nev Nat 8k... 1834190
Market-st 65.. — 129 I Savings Banks-
Do Ist M 65. .116 — Ger S & L....1700 1800
NCN G R 75. 112 — Hum S & L..1050 1160
NR of Cal 68.114 — Mut Say 8k... 39 424
N R of Cal 65.112%113% S F Say U... 600 —
NPC R R 65. 105 108 Say A L So.. — 82%
NPC R R 58.107 108 Sec Say Bk.. — 310
N Cal R R 5r.111 — i Union T Co.. 1400 1440
OGL & H 55.107%110 I Street Railroads-
Oak Tran 65... 112 112% California ....121 124
Om C Ry 65. .125 128 Geary 50 —
■P &Cl Ry 65. .107 - ! Market-st 62 624
Pk &O Ry 65. 115 — ; Oak SL& H. — 50
Powell-st R6s — 123 Presidio 25 30
Sac El G&RSS. — — ; Powder—
SF& N P 55. 114% — California ....155 170 "
SF & S JV55.115Vi115% E Dynamite... 85 95
S Ry of Ca165.108%110 Giant Con Co.. 84^4 85
SPof A 65....112>i — Vigorlt 2% 2%
S P C 6b(1905). — — Sugar—
SP C 6s(1906).lll — Hana P C 0.... 124 12%
SP C 65 (1912). — Haw C&S Co 95% 96
SPCIs eg 55.104 — ; Honokaa S Co. 34% 35
S P Br 6s 122 123 i Hutch S P Co. 294 —
S V Wat 1134114 Kilauea S Co.. 25 30
' S V Wat 45....103%104Vi "akawell S Co 49% 494
! S V W4s(3dm).lol%lol»i Onomea S Co.. 38 39
Stktn Gas 65.. — — Paauhau S Co. 35 So'i
Water Stocks— Miscellaneous—
Contra Costa.. 70% 70% Al Pack Assn. llßl4llß%
Marln County. 50 — Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
' Spring Valley. — Oceanic S Co.. 86% 87%
Gas and Electric— Pac A F A.... 1% —
Cent Gas Co.. — — Pac C Bor Co. 145 —
Cent L & P... 5%— Par Paint Co. 8% —
Eqult G L Co. 6 6%
Morning Session.
Board—
6 Alaska Packers' Association 118 25
30 Contra Costa Water "0 25
60 Contra Costa Water . 0 00
275 Equitable Gas c 00
1 36 Giant Powder Con So 00
80 Hana Plantation Co 12 oO
70 Hana Plantation Co 12 3i4
100 Hana Plantation Co 12 25
10 Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar.... 96 00
i 45 Honokaa •fri'-MISL
$2000 Northern Railway of California 55.. 113 00
$1000 Oakland Transit Co 6s 112 50
40 Paauhau S P Co 35 25
5-Paciflc Lighting 4100
105 S F Gas & Electric Co 61 12%
$2000 S F & S J V 80nd5....... 115 50
$4000 S V 6s 113 50
Street—
30 Alaska Packers' Association 118 25
$2000 Los.Angeles-Paciflc Railway Bonds. lo3 50
Afternoon Session.
25 Contra Costa Water 70 25
30 Equitable Gas 6 12%
10 Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar.. 96 00
65 Honokaa S Co 34 75
100 Oceanic S S Co 87 00
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 61 25
3S V Water 10125
Street—
140 S V Water 10125
$2000 S V 4? Cvi mortgage) 10175
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK" AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
50 Equitable Gas 6 00
25 Har.a Plantation 12 37%
10 Market St ■Ry 62 00
16 Maiket St Ry . 61 75
100 S F Gas & Electric Co 6125
10 S V Water 10125
Afternoon Session.
20 Contra Costa Water ...i. 70 374
60 Equitable Gas 6 00
\ 75 Equtablc Gas 6 124
20 Giant Powder 84 874 i
20 Giant Powder 84 75 I
10 Hawaiian Commercial 96 00 |
20 Hana Plantation 12 37%
20 Hana Plantation 12 25
• 10 Hana Plantation 12 124
20 Oceanic S.S Co . 87 00
• 10 Oceanic S S Co 86 874
30 Paauhau Sugar Co 35 25
15 S F Gas & Electric 61 00
THE CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
200 Tidal Wave ; 2 80
100 San Joaquln O & D Co 1 00
100 Equitable 1 05
100 Equitable 1 10
100 Century Oil Co 60
Informal Session.
60 Caribou 1 10
200 Northfleld 75
, 100 Northfield g0
1 Selma Oil Co 675 00
Afternoon Session.
250 Tidal Wave 2 80
200 San Joaquln O & D C 0... 1 on
100 Kings County Oil Co 200
300 Eagle 55
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday: .
Morning Session.
300 Andes 09 : 400 Con Cal & Va 1 70
700 Belcher 31 200 Crown Point 12
1 200 Best & Belcher fil 200 Hale & Nor '" 33
100 Caledonia 55 j 100 Ophlr ... " 7fi
50 Caledonia ...... 53 600 Overman .. '"' is
400 Chollar ........ 30! . \ ' 10
Afternoon Session.
200 Alpha 03 - 100 Mexican 24
600 Best & Belcher 49 500 Ophir . .75
200 Chollar ...28 600 Overman ""it
600 Con Cal 4; Va..l fib 700 Overman *"* 14
100 Crown Point.... 12 500 Potosl . ." " ' 36
100 Gould & Curry. 30 200 Union ' Con '" 3°
300 Gould & Curry. 31 200 Union Con " 33
200 Hale & N0r.... 32 200 Utah .., 09
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: ■ " '""*•*
Morning Session.
200 Belcher .... 31 300 Hale & Nor 32
300 Best & Belcher 51 200 Ophir . " 7«
200 Caledonia 62 200 Overman'" ' 1.-,
600 Caledonia ...... 45 600 Overman '"* 11
200 Chollar 29 200 Potosi """Jo
100 Con Cal & Val 67%
Afternoon Session.
150 Best & Belcher 50 700 Mexican 23
400 Caledonia 43 600 Ophir . """ 75
100 Con Cal & Val 674 600 Overman ' ' 14
100 Con Cal & Va..l 65 j 600 Potosi .;. "3714
50 Crown Point... 13 300 Potosi .. " ' s«
200 Gould & Curry. 30 200 Union Con" 33
300 Gould & Curry. 31 1 300 Yellow Jacket' ■»'
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, October 25-2 p. m .
Bid. Ask. Bid Ask
Alpha 02 04lKentuck . _ ni
Alta 03 04 Lady Wash.... — 02
Andes 07 09 Mexican 23 25
Belcher 30 31 Occidental ..." v 16
Best & Belcher 48 5(» Ophlr 73 75
Bullion 07 08: Overman ...!.'! 13 14
Caledonia 45 — Potosl 36 07
Chollar 27 28 Savage fc ii
Challenge Con. 20 24 Scorpion . 0" —
Confidence 65 70 fog Belcher "01 M
Con Cal & Va..l 60 165 Sierra Nevada! 54 S
Con Imperial... — 01 Silver Hill _. m
Crown Point... 11 12 Standard .. '"2 SO —
Exchequer — 02 St Louis _ 06
Gould & Curry. 31 32 Syndicate _ oe
Hale & N0r.... 20 32 Union C0n...!." 32 33
Julia — OitTtah 08 10
Justice 03 04i Yellow Jack«t. 20 &
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
tho height of tide is the same at both places.
THURSDAY. OCTOBER £6.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are Riven In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
(Jay In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tld»
and the last or right hand column gives tha
last tide of the day except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign ( — ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean nf the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office. TJ. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
October 35. 1899.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly .noon to-day—
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 1
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C. a. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. In charge-
Steamer Movements*
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, October K.
Stmr Alliance, Hardwick. 5 days from Port
land, etc.
Stmr Tillamook. Anflndsen, 21 hours from
Albion, with sehr Dewey in tow.
Stmr Mackinaw, Littlefleld. S7 hours from
Tacoma.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Hinkle, 6 hours from Pig
eon Point.
Stmr Orizaba. Nicolson, hours from New
port and way ports.
Bark Amy. Turner, Warland, 13 days from
Hilo.
Brig Lurline, McLeod, 11 days from Kahului.
Schr Bender Bros, Wetzel, 24 hours from
Bowens Landinc.
Schr Archie and Fontie, Jensen, 18 hours from
Stewarts Point.
Schr Dewey. Schmalling, 21 hours from Al
bion, in tow stmr Tillamook.
Schr Mary Buhne, Krebs, 60 hours from Eu
reka.
Schr Barbara Hernster, Anflndsen. 22 hours
from Fort Brace.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, October 26.
Stmr Newport. Friele, Manila, via Honolulu;
U S Government.
Stmr Willamette, Hansen, Vancouver, via
Roche Harbor; Uoodall. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, Seattle; E T Kruse.
Stmr Corona, Debney, San Diego; Goodall,
Perkins *■. Co.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka: Goodall, Per
kin« & Co.
Stmr Pennsylvania, Broomhead, Portland; U
S Government.
Br stmr Manauense, Barneson, Manila, via
Honolulu: TJ 9 Government.
Br stmr Bristol. Mclntyre, Nanaimo; R
Dunsmulr's Sons.
Br stmr Tartar. Pybus. Manila and Hono
lulu; U S Government.
Br ship Beacon Rock, Huges, Queenstown;
Eppinger & Co.
Bark Nicholas Thayer. Thomsen, Clipperton
Island; Pacific Island Co.
Schr W S Phelps, Garthley, Mazatlan; Wm
Johnson.
SAILED.
Wednesday, October 25.
Stmr Comna. Dehney, San Dieg-o.
Stmr George Lonmls, Bridgett, Ventura.
Stmr Luella. Miller, Eureka.
Slmr State of California. Gage. Astoria.
Stmr Samoa, Jahnsen. Eureka.
Stmr Arcata. Reed. Coos Bay.
Stmr Whttesboro, Olsen, .
Stmr Fulton, Levlnson Portland.
Stmr Olympia, Truebridge. Portland.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Newport, Friele, Honolulu and Manila.
Ptmr Willamette, Hansen, Vancouver, via
Roche Harbor.
Stmr Pennsylvania. Broomhead. Portland.
Stmr Crescent City. Stockneth. Crescent City.
Bark Nicholas Thayer, Thomsen, Clipperton
Island.
Schr Metha Nelson, Rice, Tacoma.
Schr Mary C. Madsen. Fort Ross.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Oct 25, 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind west, velocity 12 miles.
SPOKEX.
Oct 5. lat 9 N, lon 26 W— Br ship Merioneth,
from Swansea, for San Francisco.
Sept 30, no lat. etc— Br ship Pegasus, from
Oregon, for Queenstown.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Oct 25— Schr Wm F
Witzemann. (or San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Oct 25— Jap stmr
Rlojun Maru, from Yokohama, for Seattle; schr
Joseph Russ, hence Oct 3, for Olympia; bark
Hesper, from Port Gamble, for Wallaroo- bktn
Willie R Hume, from Port Blakeley. for Ma
nila.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Oct 24— Stmr Sunol, for
San Francisco. Oct 25 — Stmr Sequoia, for .
Arrived Oct 25— Stmr South Coast, from Eu
reka.
ASTORlA— Arrived Oct 25— Br ship Kirkcu.i
briKhtshlre. from Newcastle, Aus; stmr Bruns
wick, hence Oct 22; Br bark Inverurie, from
i'ort Los Anceles.
; Sailed Oct 25— Stmrs Columbia and Aberdeen.
' for San Francisco.
El'REKA— Arrived Oct 25— Schr Fortuna, hnr-
Oct 20.
Sailed Oct 25-Schr Mabel Gray, for San
Dicßo: schr Eclipse, for San Francisco
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Oct 24— Schr Beu
lah. hence Oct IS; schr Twilight, hence Oct 17.
Oct 25— Stmr Coquille River, hence Oct ""
PORT LOS ANGELES-Arrived Oct 25-Haw
stmr San Mateo, from Nanaimo: stmr \lcatraz,
hence Oct 21; ship Dashing Wave." from Ta
coma.
FOREIGN PORTS
VALPARAISO-Sailed Sept 9-Br ship Ateter
kamp, for Caldera.
ACAPULCO— SaiIed Oct B— Br ship Sierra
Miranda, for Oregon.
BAHlA— Sailed Aus: IS— Br bark Cambrian
Warrior, for Taltal and Oregon
HONGKONG— Sailed Oct 1-Br ship Hutton
Hall, for Oregon.
heli I ce°O« A 5 {D ~ ArrlVed ° Ct 25 - Stmr M&rfP o *""
LONnON-RallPd Oct 25-Br ship BardoiH*.
for San Francisco.
HAKODATE— Sailed Oct 21— Ger ship ColuW
blA. for San Francisco..
Continued on Page Eleven.SCORES OF ROUSING POLITICAL RALLIES THROUGHOUT THE CITY.
SPLENDID WOnt
IN BEHALF OF
HORACE DAVIS
Great Meeting on the
Water Front.
MERCHANTS ARE ORGANIZING
. +
PBOSPECTS OF REPTTBI/TCAN" VIC
TORY GROWING BRIGHTER.
»
a*>HK Republican municipal column
under tho able leadership of Horace
Davis made splendid advances yes
terday-. On© of tho events of the
■ <3ay Was a grand demonstration of
laboring men on the water front,
Mr. Davis was received by his fellow
vwters with great enthusiasm and
coTdiaUty. TT.<3 Republican leader is
popular among tho sons of toil because
ha is a wotkingtnan himself, and his
sj-mpitthios are with the. workers.
Another tending event yesterday was
th« organization of the Horace Davis
JGuPfr.eSs Men's Club at tho Union League.
In r^ponse to circulars seventy or eighty
mrrr. wen kirO^rn in commercial circles
assembled in tho -clubroom at half past
3 o'clock. Little time was wasted In
preliminaries. The meeting was called to
order by Ok £>. Clark. J. P. JUe Count
moved that Charles S. Laumcister be
elected chairman. There was no dissent
ing voice and Mr. Latnnelster took the
chair of the presiding officer and ;
•acknowledged in littlng terms the honor
bestowed upon him. Tho organization
of tho meeting was completed by tne
election of James A. Wilson as secretary.
Chairman Laumeister then made a
bTief speech outlining the purposes of the ,
meeting:, taying that all Republicans
present were anxious to promote the !
interests of Horace Davis.
G. D, Clark introduced tho following i
resolutions;
"Whereas, Th« ctty and county of San !
Francisco Is In the midst of the most lm»
portant municipal campaign in its history;
and •-■.■:.•;
Whereas, This campaign ts fraught with
national inrportance as well aa local conse
quence, owing to the fact that the great ap
pointive power of the Mayor under the new
charter 111 make it possible for the Vic
torious party to control the State in the na
tiona! campaign to be held next year; and
Whereas, The republican Municipal Con
vention has nominated one of the hest tick
ets ever presented. to the voters of San Fran
cisco frir their suffrage, and in whom can
be placed the Important trust of placing the
charter In operation, with the full confidence
that Its administration will he carried on
with hourly and ability, and that in nam
ing 'as the head of the ticket the honorable
Horace Davis they have chosen a standard
bearer worthy of the honor of leading; the
victorious Rtjjublican host against the en
emy en election day; and
■\\~hoTTas, It bfchcoves every citizen mA
voter who is In accord with the great prin
ciples of Republicanism, and who believes
In holding this city and State In the ranks
of Republican oltles and States, and who
b^lipves in sec-urine- to our city the full ben
True Gallantry. i
Ghirardelii's Cocoa is the
queen of refreshments.
At grocers— >*-lb 25c ; rib 50c. I
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
ROOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 3CO Geary Street. Above Powell.
PKIUODICALS, IJOOKS AND STAriONERT.
COAL. COKR AND PIQ IRON. . ;■>'
Jf WII SOY ft Til W° Battery Stre*t.
J- W" TTILOUn C \Al'j Telephone Main ISB4.
COPPERSMITH. !
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H. BIiTTH, Mit.
CW CITITH Eh 'P Plumbing. Steamboat
■ T» • Jill! Ill; ,m d ShlD work ft Specialty. II
and 1- Washington at Telephone Main 5841.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lAS RftYFS frm Flipping Butcher*. 104
JAS IIUILaCtU-, gay. Tel. Main 1»4.
FURS.
J N ifIFSTAH 4 Xa * rp y •••• vp I *"* L »' <n '
J. tt. LVr^IAU, «tyW». i ,<w«ft price*, tomod»!ing
IR »N FOUNDERS.
WESTERN FOUNDRY, Morton A £%&
TT tOI Ettii IUtHUAI, Prop*.. 234 Fremont
tt. Ca« ng« of Every Description Sltula to
Order. Tel. Black IDOS.
PAPKR DEALERS.
WIT AMFTTF iJLXI> AND paper co.
T? lLL>mnL,lllj 722 Montgomery street
THE SMITH PREMIER TYPEWRITER Vr'V^\
USED EVERYWIIEHE. £v£u«i£W
Get Catalofajc. S^S^^l
We Rent Typewriter*. I 2|f ETi'fL*
L. t .-. ALEXAKDER & 00., JQbNAi
JlO Montgomery St. '^OlJ l^*
PRINTINO.
E- C HUGHES, tll£a g^;r
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
*Tggy* PARTRIDGE^ ** X£r lx
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, Na &A§s
DIAMOND COAL. MINING CO.. ?t lt« aRKKN
KIVKft COLLIERIES. '.» the Best Coal la th*
Market. Ofßo* and Yard*— lSO Main street.
efit «f tha frtrtta of th« charter and for
m>r State the full benefits accnltnic from
. the PhHtbplne movement, to tak* ftp ttrt>
fight 01 Horace Dev* Bi»d the entire FU I
t'tibltcatj ticket und to wot*: vmeeasin«cly in
Its befealt until election trtsht- ,
•now, therefore, w*\ the }*r»»fnfM Men's
Republican Crab of Sari fc'r&Ticlseo, in. meet
ins assembled, do heartily and unanimously ,
Indorse tn« Hon. Horace Davis for
Mayor, and the entire KfTrft"bll.-an \td£et,
and we do pledge ourselves, individually
an.-l collectively, to support them, and lend
every assistance and effort to make tho
election of Nov^mer C oha of tin* grandest
Republican sweeps in the annals of San
Francisco.
Applause greeted tha reading of the
resolutions. By a unanimous vote the
motion to adopt the resolutions prevailed.
Brief speeches by leading Republicans
present elicited enthusiasm.
Charley L. Patton was greeted with
cheers, lie said: "All we have to do to
elect the whole Republican ticket is to
work. It ie an excellent ticket— the best
over presented to the. people of San Fran
cisco. Lt us get out and work for the
success of the ticket from this time until
j the election."
J. P. Le Count Indorsed the remarks of
: Mr. Patton, 1 holding that the ticket v.^3
i excellent throughout. "We should em
j ploy our energies," said Mr. Le Count,
'toward bringing out the downtown mer
i chants, It seoms to me that it is only
! necessary to say to Republican mer
chants, 'we present a candifiate for
Mayor, Horace Davis, whom we all ad
mire for n.is Intelligence, ability and In
i tegrity/ Mayor Phelan has served two
: terms, and when we present for ofßce
or Mayor a man so girted &s Horace
Davis Republicans cannot reflisra to pup
■ port the. Republican ticket, Davis is as
( far ahead of Phelan a? it is possible for
: one man to be ahead of another.
A. V. Tan Duzer believed in making a
party nfrht on municipal line?. lift said:
"1 was '\ssochi.ten with Mr-. Phelah on the
committee of fifty to obtain a hew
charter. W\ . .
"Ask Phelan yourselves ff he did
not serve until the election drew near
and then resign, giving as an excuse
for his resignation that many influ
ential Democrats were against a new
charter and that he could not afford
to imperil his chances of success by
retaining his connection with the
charter movement.
"I wan at the meeting when he offered |
his resignation. In that campaign of 1896 |
he went out and joined Democrats who!
were against a new charter. 1 know that
he is a great clai\ner." .
'"Place before the taxpayers Phelan's
record as Mayor," uaid Mr. Van Duzer.
"In the j-ear ISS<, the salary list of. one
department was increased from $30,000 to '
$70,000. Look at the enormous increase
in the cost of conducting the municipal '
government since Phelan became Mayor.
The figures will startle the taxpayers.
The increase exceeds $1,000,000 per annum.
Orators of the Republican cause should
make themselves familiar with the fact of
Phela-n's extravagance."
C. L. King advocated personal work, the
method of applying to voters individually
and urging them to support Horace
Davis, "In the lig-ht for Chinese ex
clusion Mr. Davis sustained great pecun
iary loss," said Mr. King. "I should :
say off hand that he lost $20,000.
He has been a liberal man all his life.
He cannot give here and there $500 v as
his means will not permit such giving*
but during the hard times in this city
when poor people were suffering for the
want of bread, no roan applying at Hor
ace Davis' mill for a sack of flour ever
went away without it. Mr. Davis cannot
speak of these things, but his friends can
tell the people what kind of a man he ;
is."
Darby I^iydon, who mentioned that he
was a good deal around the. water front,
advocated personal work. He was sure
that active work would insure the elec- ;
tion of Mr. Davis.
A. G. Booth spoke in support of Re
publican principles and at the conclusion
of his remarks moved that a permanent i
organization of the Business Men's Club
be effected.
Henry G. "W. Dink©lsplel directed atten
tion to the importance of forming a cam
paign committee to reach the merchants.
He moved that a committee of fifteen be
appointed. The motion prevailed, a.s also
did Mr. Booth's motion. for permanent or
ganization.
A recess was then taken and merchants
went forward to sign the roll of club
membership*
THOMAS HOPES
THAT HARMONY
WILL PREVAIL
Storing Floods for the
Good of All.
"It Is not reasonable to suppose," said
President Thomas of the California So
• ciety tSt the Storage of Flood Waters
! yesterday, "that the National Govern
: ment will expend large sums of money
j for Internal improvement, lam speak
■ ins now of the proposition that tho Gov
ernment may be Induced to make large
■ storage reservoirs for the irrigation * of
j the arid regions of the United States."
That statement involves the difference
• of opinion between the adherents of the
idea that the State should do the work
and those who believe that the Govern- 1
: mont may be induced to construct stor
i age reservoirs. Los Angeles will come
;to the convention on November 14 by
i delegation instructed to oppose the State
idea. There is sure to be a warm discus
sion of the subject matter. The subject
is of such great importance to the State
• of California that Mr. Thomas was asked
to explain his position, which ho did to
some extent.
"I do not believe that the Government j
will take up this work by itself, In Cali
fornia, for several reasons. One is that
the people of the manufacturing States of
tho East, through their representatives in
Congress have an interest in opposing the
lending of Government aid to us. Sup- :
pose the Congressmen from Massachu
setts should be asked to vote for an ap
j propriation what would they say? They
could not favor it on the ground that it
would help us to become a manufacturing |
State In competition with their own con-
I stituents, now, could they? Neither
could the Congressmen from any other ,
manufacturing State.
"There is no. question that cheap power
would tend to • powerfully stimulate our
manufacturing industries and would
creato many new ones; nor is there any
doubt that the extension in largo degree
of the area of land susceptible of culti
vation though irrigation would tend to
increase our population and business and
would invite additional . transportation
lines to enter the State in search of
traffic. : ■ '
"California can act for herself because
the sources of her water supply all arise
within the State. Other States cannot
act independently, because they have not
that advantage. California can borrow
money at 3 per cent. To invest money in
State irrigation works would be insuring
an asset of the State which owns the flood
waters. In fifty years the works would
be paid for arid tho income could be used
for public purposes.
"There may be a contest on the part of
some of the delegates from Southern Cali
fornia at the convention, which we all re
gret for the creation of storage reservoirs
would be (or the benefit of all the State,
which might be divided into three irriga
tion districts. Southern California would
be equally benefited with other sections.
we have received answers to thirty invi
-1 tations to Supervisors and business or
-1 ganizations to send delegates to the con
vention AM have answered favorably,
with one exception. I hope that It will
he considered wise by the convention to
favor a topographical survey. The Gov
ernment would probably assist In that.
When the survey is completed we shall
have valuable and necessary knowledge*.
That is the first thing to bo done, in my
opinion." .' " . : ■ : t
VOO ZONNOVAY MONTAY.
It Osmfn Comte will know by this
evening Just how much gold the Jury
impaneled In his action against Julius
S Godeau believes 1b sufficient to com
pensate him for all his suffering follcw
THE RAIN FItAKOTSCb CAIA, THTJBSDAY, OCTOBEB 20, 1899.
WATER FRONT WILL VOTE
FOR HON. HORACE DAVIS
r,3W tnen have ever received a more rousing reception on the -water front
than did Horace Davis, Republican nominee for Mayor, yesterday* lie
met the laboring men about th* noon hour near the transport wharf
and the cheers that greeted his appearance could be heard at Mar
ket, street. ' - .V:, • „
J. E. Murphy > one of the men employed on the Government transports.
Introduced Mr. Davis. ite said: "Men of the water front: .I.had the pleas
ure of working for this man for revert years and I know what kind of a
man he is. It Bribes me great pleasure to Introduce him to the working
men of the front. Fellow laborers, the Horn Horace Davis* our next.
Mayo*.' 1
After the cheering had subsided* Mr. Davis made a plain, practical speech.
Ho spoke as follows: i.'
"My friends and fellow citizens: I am glad to he here for a chance to
speak to you. I know many of you personally, and Henry Peterson, whom'
you all know, thought it would be a good thing for me to come down here
and talk to you. This is familiar ground to me. I used to go to sea from
this dock. For three years I sailed from Folsom-etreet wharf on the Pa
cific Mail ships, and then I #ot tired of going to sea and came ashore and
went into the flour business. But I kept in touch with the Beaf&ring; men,
because one-half the flour that we make is made for export. Bo we all work
together. I cannot make flour unless it can bo sent away* and the ships
cannot take It away unless we make It.
"We are all together-. We are all interested in the welfare of the city
and the State. You cannot separate the people into classes, because we
are all interested In the same things-. Tou are interested- in g-ood govern
ment and in the new Charter, because it will give us a good government*
Good government means lower expense and lower taxes, and the lower the
ta^es are the lower your living expends will be v and the more the indus
tries will prosper and the more business will be done here.
"I believe under the charter we are in the path of better times, I be
lieve we are going to have more prosperity than we ever have had before*
I believe that if we have good> prudent, sound government, the city will en
ter upon an era of prosperity never before known. I can assure you that
the gentlemen who are on the Republican ticket with me are good, substan
tial, sound citizens, who are worthy of your suffrages.
"You do not build a good step and put bad men oh to run It Likewise
there Is no use in putting the charter in operation unless you have good men
behind it. That Is what we are going to do if you elect the Republican
ticket.
""VVe are all linked together. If the city is prosperous there is plenty
of work for us Work for men at gfe»d wages. Th« time* are very pros
perous here on the water front now-. That is because of the building up of
trade in the Orient. Wherever it comes from, it has made a demand for
flour for me; it has made a demand for work and wages for us all. What
I want to impress upon you is that it is a result of Republican policy, and
if you fly in the face of that you fly in the face of your own welfare,
(Voice in the crowd, 'You bet,') - -
"it you believe that, then, the thing for you to do is to go up to the
polls and cast a straight Republican ballot. Gentlemen, I thank you." : .
• At the conclusion of Mr. Davis' speech three cheers were given for him,
and then the workingmen went back to their labors, the noon hour having
expired.
Among the signers Were: ; .
Charles I>. Patton I>. A. Hulaa ■■' .
.1 C. Currier "William U. Roberts
C U King , R. Herring
]:. <■. Hushes x . B. O. Homers
11. G. W. lMnlcelsplel B. K. Thornton
A. H. Vail M. Greenebaum
J. P. Le Count Samuel Poster
Chartes I-aumelater I John G Young
G, 1). Clark , C. Helwlsr
Isaac ■"i.ham . Percy B. IJong %
George F. Curtlss Charles 1... Bentoa
Samuel &enay K. M. Marsh
Wallace Bradford J. G. Sj^auldtng
C Mason Kinne Peter tVmtos
A 3. Booth P.. Llchtenberjr
Adrian Smith £iam H. Hammer
E i*. "'•utter Ana many other*.
B. J. McNeill I Paris Kilbum
O. F-. Baswett I
<;. D, Clark asked that the chairman bo \
given forty-eight hour? to make up the
campaign committee* It was essential
that leading merchants should be placed
on the committeev Mr» Clark, remarked:
"An impression exists that Louis Sloss
is out for Fhelan. That Is not correct.
Mr. SlOfii to-day tohl me that he was for
Horace Davis first, last and all the time.
He authorized me to sign his name to
the club roll. We want to place the b*st
men on the campaign committee, and
thereby remove false impressions."
Samuel Foster advocated active work
on the line of securing the signature 01
every Republican merchant to the club \
roll. "The men \re want to reach are
Republicans who are indifferent. Repub
licans who are deeply engrossed hi busi
ness affairs occasionally say, 'Phelan
hasn't stolen anything. That is not the
way for Republicans to talk. We do not
charge that Phelan has stolen anything.
We admit that he is honest, but should
Republicans for that reason lie down and
die? The Republicans have a duty to
ing the impact of defendant's fist on his
nose. The. outcome of the action seems to
hinge on the words "voo zonnovay m.m
tay." It ceems to be the belief of the
French wing of the crowd that if Comte
applied this expression to Godeau, which
must be •■thing awful, the breaking
of his nose was but a consequence to be
expected. John Pontacq, Jean Malocq and
Godeau wore called to the stand yester
day on behalf of the defendant, and John
H. Henderson and Comte, the plaintiff,
took the etand in rebuttal. The testimony
followed the lines of the. preceding days
of the trial except that there was a
• division of witnesses on the point as to
whether Comte had applied the epithet
"voo zonnovay montay" to his assailant.
The lawyers will probably Settle this
point during their argument to-day, and
after that the jury will pass Its Judgment
on the merits of the plaintiff's contention.
M'CARTHY WANTS HIS
ENGAGEMENT ANNULLED
An Exasperated Father and an Un
happy Lover Enact a Comedy
That Is Filled With Pe
culiar Situations.
TO whom It may conoern— eng-afrem*nt in
marriage between MISS I^TTIE OTT. 13
Glover St.. and CHAS. MCCARTHY. 1704
■ Lfavenworth St.. no longer exists.
'HAS. MCCARTHY, 1704 Leaven-worth st.
The foregoing: appeared among tho "per
sonals" of The Call yesterday, and its pe
culiar nature attracted marked attention.
Behind it is a tale of unrequited affection,
obdurate parents and an incensed but
constant lover. As appears in the above
personal, Charles McCarthy, a plumber
■whose place of business is at 1206 Pacific
street, is anxious that the world should
know that he Is no longer the prospective
husband of Miss Lottie Ott, daughter of
mot John "W. Ott, who resides at 13
Glover street. The young lady on the
ether hand admits having kept company
with McCarthy, but strenuously denies
that she ever was engaged to him. • She
further states that she has been perse
cuted, slapped and annoyed by him and
believes that her adorer is not respon
sible for his actions. Her father and step
mother concur in this opinion, and they
have oven called in the aid of , Attorney
Devoto to have McCarthy restrained
from inflicting his love on the young lady.
Despite the harsh opposition of the
parents, McCarthy is willing to descend
to the uttermost depths . for her, and
swears that he will yet win her and if he
does she will never talk to her parents
again. Ho claims that if the stepmother
and the father had not poisoned Lottie's
mind against him they would have been
united ere this. McCarthy's story is
full of pathetic phases, while that of the
young lady has a numbeV of dramatic
climaxes.
■ Miss Ott Is confined to her bed through
sickness brought on by worrying over Mc-
Carthy's attentions. Sho stated that she
became acquainted with him while he was
engaged in doing some plumbing about
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
There is but one great dis-
covery for the prevention and
cure of all kidney difficulties—
that grand remedy, Warner's
Safe Cure. For five and twenty
years it has stood the test.
perform* and when a man Ilka Horace
Davis is placed at the head of the ticket
for Mayor Republicans should turn out
to a man to advocate and work for his
election* I know of several Republican
merchants who were indifferent at first
that have coma out for Horace Davis.
We want to get all of them to sign the
club rolL"
The enthusiastic business men of Re
publican faith adjourned with cheers for
Horace Davis and the ticket.
Out In the suburbs, along the water
front, downtown among the merchants
and south of Market street, where so
many industrious workers dwell, the tide
la running strong for Horace Davis. In
the high toned clubs and select social or
ganizations there is a mild type of en
thusiasm for Pbelan, but it is not conta
gious* There is no danger of it spreading
to the masses.
There will be three Republican rallies
to-night The people of the Thirty-sixth
District will assemble at Church and
Twenty-eighth streets to hear the Hon.
Horace Davis and other speakers.
In the Forty-third District voters will
assemble at California Hall, Bush str*»et,
near Powell, and cheer the standard
bearer of the Republican party.
In the Twenty-ninth District at 140
Fourth street Colonel T. V, Eddy and
Major Kyle will address the voters.
A Republican club meeting will be held
to-night at Pythian Castle. Horace Davis
will address the club. • ■•■:
There will be a meeting of the whole
Republican County Committee at 7:30
o'clock this evening at the rooms of the
Horace Davis Central Club, ' History
building, 723 Market street. ■-. ■;-.;,
« ♦ ■ .
Richmond Club Social.
The Point Lobos Improvement Club out-
the house. While she never cared for him,
still she accepted his invitations to go out
with him, simply as a friend. She never
dreamed of marrying him. No, she did
not care so much for him. She always
believed him fickle, having often heard
thnt he was running around with other
girls. She stated that when the trans
port Sherman was sighted McCarthy
invited her to view the bay parade In
his company and failed to keep his en
gagement Her friendship for him ceased
at that moment, and since then he h;is
been writing her letters asking to be re
leased from the engagement. Miss Ott
did not reply to these epistles. McCarthy
continued his letter writing and the ex
asperated father of the object of his af
fection ordered the ardent lover's letters
returned to him unopened. This course
wns pursued. A week ago Sunday Mc-
Carthy met Miss Ott on the street and
asked her why she did not respond to his
last letter, and upon her replying that her
father had returned it he pulled it out of
his pocket and told her if she read it she
would confer a favor on him. His man
ner of making the PBqUftqt and his re
marks angered the young lady and she
tore the tetter into bits and threw it at
him. McCarthy lost his temper and struck
the girl in the mcuth, cutting her lip.
The next moment he was sorry for his
action and bugged forgiveness. She left
him without granting the boon and re
tired crying to her home. This was the
last straw and her father consulted with
Attorney Devoto, 1 - t the latter cautioned
his client not to take extreme measures,
as It would bring notoriety to his family.
The next day a letter was received from
McCarthy, in which he humbly apologized
for what ho termed a cowardly action.
This letter is now in tho hands of Attor
ney Devoto. So much for the girl's story.
The ardent plumber sighs for his in
amorata. He is sad, an.l when not en
(.'ai-'-d In fixing faucets or repairing leaks
he gazes on a $65 engagement ring which
he had hoped to place on Miss Ott's fin
ger. He claims that he has been engaged
to her for the past four months; that she
would have been his but for her parents.
Ills reason for inserting the advertise
ment was because she would not release
him from his engagement. He said he
notified Miss Ott, her parentts and At
torney Devoto that he would take this
course if he was not released, and as no
word was received from them he took im
mediate action- He said he regretted to
bring pain to Liottie, for he loved her
devotedly and would marry her at a
minute's notice. He thinks she would
make an ideal housewife, as she 18 a
food cook and a good girl. He cannot
orglve himself for striking her, and ex
cuses his action by saying that when he
met her he was unstrung, having Just
submitted to a paJnful operation on his
mouth. He will not forgive Captain Ott
nor his wife. He says they are the cause
of his misery and he will repay them foi
their interference.
Mr. McCarthy does not bear out the
statement of his enemies that he Is weak
minded. He is exceptionally bright and
is secretary of a number of well-known
societies'. He is simply in love with Miss
Ott and to win her he will go through
lire.
Death of Mrs. Gately.
Mra. Alice Gately, wife of Deputy Coro
ner Gately, died yesterday morning after
did Itself last nlgrht in its hospitality to
its friends in the Richmond district The
club's new hall on Clement street and
Fourth avenue was crowded to the doors.
The entertainment was followed by a
dance.
PEOPLE'S PARTY WORK.
Grand Ratification Meeting To-
Night at Metropolitan Hall.
Surprise in Store.
At Metropolitan Hall to-night there will
be a People's party and Silver Democratic
ratification meeting. The circulars an
nouncing the meeting contain the signifi
cant line:
"LOOK FOR A SURPRISE. "
Following the displayed line is the sen
tence: "A distinguished orator will en
tertain you." Perhaps Judge Magrulre,
who is In sympathy with the free silver
tendencies of the People's party, may ad
dress the meeting, but his name is not
heralded as one of the speakers. The
managers of the People's party present
these reasons why Democrats should vote
for Dr. C. D. Cleveland for Mayur;
Because, except by 'advertisement and label,
there is no other Democratic candidate for that
great office.
Because he is a pure Jeffersonian Democrat.
Because he is the only candidate for Mayor
Indorsing- geunlne I>emocratic principles, na
tional as well as local.
Because he is the only candidate for Mayor
who is openly tot Bryan and the Chicago Demo
cratic platform in 1900-,
Because he is honest, capable and possesses
a character beyond reproach.
Because he Is a man of family, and guests of
this great city cannot be received and enter*
tatned In a proper and dignified manner by a
bachelor.
At the ratification meeting to-night
there will be music by Blum's Band and
selections by the celebrated McKenzie
Quartet,
ADDRESSED BY DAVIS.
Hon. Horace Davis had a warm recep
tion at the Thirty-eighth District Repub
lican Club at 1032 Golden Gate avenue last
evening. He was cheered when he entered
and recijivetl two rounds more of cheers
before he could begin his remarks, the
audience rising to add emphasis to their
hearty greeting, Mr. Davis said he was
thoroughly in favor of the charter; that
he had worked for it while it was in the
formative period, and after It was
adopted. This was well known, and he
would not have alluded to the matter
had it not been that ho had been per
sistently Jied about and misrepresented.
Mr. Davis was frequently cheered as
he spoke. I, Barker Dalzell presided at
the meeting:, and Major C. W. Kyle,
Joseph H. Scott, Charles Bliss, T. H.
Morris, Dr. McLean, John L. Lackmann,
Iv G. Carpenter and many others spoke.
BLACK CLUB ORGANIZED.
Friends of Alfred P. Black, Republican
nominee for District Attorney, met last
night in the assembly hall of Mills build
ing and organized the Black Republican
Club.
C. A. Brown was elected
Percy V. Long secretary, and C. B. Per
kins treasurer. It was decided to make
an active canvass in behalf of Mr. Black
and campaign Quarters will soon be
opened.
CORRECTLY REGISTERED.
The Registrar of Voters holds that the
registration of J. Richard Freud com
plies with the provisions of the code and
that his name was never stricken from
the register. Mr. Freud ie assured that
such action was never contemplated. Like
many other voters, Mr. Freud has a
country home, where he goes sometimes,
hut he elects to maintain his voting resi
dence in San Francisco.
Thirty-Seventh Assembly District.
There was the usual throwing of bou
quets at the Democratic rally in the
Thirty-seventh District at I'helps' Hall
last night and the various nomi
nees indulged in this pleasurable pastime
to their hearts' content. They were en
couraged by the presence of an audience
which taxed the capacity of the large
hall. Mayor Phelan was accorded a
a lingering sickness. She was a young
woman, and the couple had been married
only a few years. The funeral will take
place to-day from the family residence.
•m > »
BICYCLIST KILLED.
A. B. Richardson Knocked Down by
a Team in Stockton.
STOCKTON, Oct. 23.— A. B. Richardson,
for many years connected with the busi
ness department of the Independent, ex
pired this afternoon in the office of Dr.
Clarke two hours after having been
knocked down by a team at the inter
section of Channel California streets.
Richardson was on a bicycle when struck
and was stunned by the fall. He recov
ered and walked to the office, where he
sat down and started to work. He was
attacked by a violent headache and walk
ed three blocks to a physician's office.
While awaiting consultation he was taken
with violent vomiting and expired in a
few minutes and in less than two hours
after the injuries were received. Investi
gation showed that death was due to
hemorrhage of the brain.
Richardson was one of the best known
young men in the city. He was an active
spirit in the Young Men's Christian As
sociation and the Central M. E. Church.
Ho was distinguished for his affable dis
position, generous traits and sterling
Christian character.
—■♦ » ,
BOY ACCIDENTALLY KILLED.
Harold F. Jacobfon, a boy 4 years of
age whose parents live at 4 Folsom ave
nue, was yesterday run over and killed
on Folsom street, between Seventh and
Eighth, by an empty hay wagon
driven by Thomas Meagher, a teamster
for C. S. Healey, hay and grain dealer,
520 Seventh street.
Eagles to Entertain.
The San Francisco Aerie No. 5, Fra
ternal Order of Eagles, will give a grand
social at B'nal B'rith Hall, Eddy street,
on next Friday evening. The affair prom
ises to be one cf the delightful events of
the season. Jerome Bassity has been
appointed chairman of the entertainment
and programme committee and is work
ing energetically to insure for his friends
a good time. Rumor has it that Bassity
has several pleasant surprises on the
bills.
Garthorne Will Is Found,
OAKLAND, Oct. 25.— After two years of
searching the will of the late George H.
Garthorne has been filed for probate by
his wife, Minnie Garthorne. Garthorne
died two years ago and the estate is al
most dosad, there remaining only $2500
to be administered upon. The whole of
the estate is left to the widow as long
as she stays single. Should she marry the
property will be divided among the chil
dren. The will was made in October, ISO 3.
Married at Los Gatos.
OAKLAND. Oct. 25.— Judge Stetson was
married this afternoon to Miss Al!ce
Harlow at Los Gatos. The ceremony was
performed at the home of the bride's
parents. Several of the Judge's friends
wont down from Oakland to witness tho
interesting ceremony.
Strossmayera's Anniversary.
Stroesmayer Council, No. 460, Y. M. 1.,
celebrated its third anniversary last even
ing by a ball in Union Square Hall. There
was a good attendance. The affair was
under the direction of a floor committee
composed of Paul Damoehln. Norbert
Schneider, Martin Radonirh, George
Pustich and Mark Kalaisch of the recep
tion committee; John F. Creaalia, floor
managrer; Nicholas Mortizla, assistant,
and John Violich, John M. Sambrailo.
<"h;irles Michich, Joseph B. Bilafer and
Anton Scar.
John Farrell Convicted.
John Farrell, who used to be a boiler
maker but has for some years objected
to hard work and has been swindling peo
ple by appealing to their generosity for
help for Imaginary deserving cases, was
convicted by Judge Conlan yesterday on
a charge of disturbing the peace and to
day he will get the full limit.
warm reception when he wa» Introduced
by Chairman Fred A. Baldwin and he
gave expression to the übuol platitudes
which have characterised all his speeches
during the present campaign. Among
the other speakers were Franklin X,
Lane, Assessor Dodge, John Connor, Pat
rick Boland, R. M. Hotalinff, Lewis F.
Bying-ton, Edmond Godchaux. Judge Mo
gan, Kmll Pohll and Alfred J. Frita.
Twenty-Eighth District.
The Reunion Republican Club of the
Twenty-eighth Assembly Dißtiict held a
rousfng meeting laet evening at their
elubrooms. D. C. M. Ooodsell, Alfred P.
Black and Charles King addressed the
members, after which represhmenta were
served. The club will meet again next
Wednesday night.
Many friends of Horace Davis in the
Twenty-eighth District met last night and
formed an independent club. Q. W. Allen
was elected president; T. King, vice presi
dent; R. E. Cole, secretary, and Charles
Jaeger treasurer. The club will meet
again Friday evening at Latham Hall, 63S
Folsom street.
Thirty-Eighth Assembly District.
Powers Hall was filled with Democrats
of the Thirty-eighth Assembly District
last night who listened to the speeches
of the different candidates and all about
their individual qualifications for the of-
Boea to which they aspire. Chairman
William J. Stafford presided and Mayor
Phelan, the first speaker of the evening,
held the attention of the audience for
over half an hour. He was followed by
Jeremiah Deasy, Thomas Jennings,
Dennis Geary. Kniil Pohll. L, F. Byington,
R. P. Doolan, Joseph Tobin, Assessor
Dodge, Dr. R. Revorly Cole and many
others.
THE McAULIFFE MURDER.
Defense Closes and Arguments Will
Be Heard on Tuesday.
The preliminary examination of Frank
J. Mitchell, charged with the murder of
Frank McAuliffe, on October 9, was con
cluded before Judge Mogaii yesterday and
counsel's arguments will be heard Tues
day morning.
The witnesses examined for the defense
were. Dr. Hnrry Patridge, 2632 Howard
street, who testified to examining Mitch
ell, In the Seventeenth street police sta
tion, on the night of the shooting and
finding his lips split and his face and col
lar and coat covered with blood. He also
testified to Mitchell's good character.
Frank Merrill, 1227 York street; Jeremiah
Roneh, 1948 Howard street, and Policeman
Percival all testified to Mitchell's good
character.
A new witness for the defense was
James P. Grace, clerk in Mitchell's groc
ery. He testified that on the night of the
shooting he was in the store when Mitch
ell came running in and left again with
out saying a word to any one. Grace ran
out after him and followed him. He
heard Mitchell say when he reached the
MeAuliffes, "Keep away from me. I don't
want trouble and I am armed." lie heard
Frank McAuliffe say. "Come on, Joe;
we'll do him up, anyhow." Witness ran
back to the grocery. When Mitchell ran
into the store his face was covered with
Bids for Uniforms.
The uniform board of tho National
Guard met yesterday for the purpose of
opening bids fur blouses and overcoats for
the guard. Brown Brothers offered
blouses for $4.30, overcoats for $8.95; the
Petibone Company, blouses $3.14, over
coats $8.69; Ll tch field & Co., blouses $3.74,
overcoats $9.58: Mandel. Pursch & Wiener
blouses $3.92%, overcoats $9.24. The
samples submitted will be experted and
tested, after which the bidders will tie
notilled.
His Love Rejected.
John Rupke, an expressman, persists In
paying his addresses to Mrs. Belle Wal
lace, 122 Taylor street. He was arrested
a year ago, but on his promise to keep
away from her Judge Mogan allowed him
to go. Xow he has commenced again and
has been following her to the theater and
into restaurants, asking her to marry
him.
He was convicted on a charge of dis
turbing the peace and will be sentenced
to-day.
Grant Allen Is Dead.
LONDON, Oct. 25.— Grant Allen, the au-
HER HUSBAND
S AID TO HAVE
A SQUAW WIFE
Mrs. Alice Smith Is
Sorry She Wed.
— »
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
9UB Broadway, Oct. 25.
Alice Smith, who is anxious to be di
vorced from Qeorge F. Smith, has,
through her attorney, Judge Alken of San
Francisco, filed an interesting complaint.
The Smiths were married about six
years ago in San Francisco. Smith was
a sea captain and made long voyages In
whaling ships to the Arctic In 1594 he
went north and since that time his wife
haa received no direct communication
from him, although she has heard many
reports of him from other northern-going
captains. It Is on these reports and
the fact that she has been deserted and
not provided for for live years that Mrs.
Smith bases her complaint.
The deserted wife has heard that at
some Indian village, not reached by pos
tal or telegraph service, her husband has
an Indian wife and appears far more con
tented than he did in his S,an Francisco
home. While she has no absolute proof
of the breaking of his marriage vows she
has testimony of an oral nature from sev
eral captains who claim to have personal
knowledge of the manner in which Cap
tain Smith is now living.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FREE TO MEN.
The Private Formula of a Noted
Physician Made Known— Quickly
Restores Weakened Mankind to
Strength and Vigor.
L. W. KNAPP, M. D.
, A most successful remedy has been found for
sexual weakness, s'ueh as impotency, shrunken
organs, nervous debility, lost manhood, night
emissions, premature . discharge and all other
results of self -abuse or excesses.. It cures any
case of the difficulty, never falls to restore the
organs to full natural strength and vigor. , The
doctor who made this - wonderful discovery
wants to let every, man know about it. He •
will, therefore, send the receipt giving the i
various ingredients to be used so that all men ■
at ft trifling expense can cure themselves. He
sends the receipt free, and air the reader need
do is to send his name and address to L \V
Knapp, At. D.. 1659 Hull Building. Detroit!
Mich., requesting the free receipt as reported
in this paper. It Is a generous offer, and all
men ought to 'be glad to have such an op-
portunity.
tpv -ajr jr\ /"• Painless treatment. - Per-
il I B L\ manent cure. Entire time de-
\ W I I IP voted to rectal diseases. Ref-
B ■ EJJLJLJ e.-ences those cured. No sur-
«. wow grery .A . J. ATKINS, .M.P..
. 935 Gutter »t.. San Francisco;
* hours, 1 to 8 p. m.
thor, who ha« been !n ill-health for some
time past, is dead. He wa§ born at Kings
ton, Ont., In IS4B.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SICK HEADACHE
JPoeitively cared by these |
) little Pills. v
They also irtlieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste In the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels, t Purely Vegetable, £
Small Pill. Small Dose.
\ Small Price,
- — i — *
I Will Give $1000
— JfefggS^te. If I fail to cure any
iilii\PllK^ CA CE T£t-
/o|»«fig»§g|g]a|3&>_ treat before it scat-
Mgt ters or affects the
ffift? >^J^-^ nbs Or other
, \ t*^^PS3Bfelk fence, iooo cancers
\ ■ t tb ft now In my offices in
\ jl' \ alcohol. I.adyattend-
Jsi- a/'W k. ant Any hard
.^KJi^^Tff — T'dtew lump anywhere
lump In a
Woman's Breast is Cancer
If large always poisons tne glands in armpit,
when cure is almost impossible.
BOOK SENT FREE . , ,
With symptoms addresses and testimonials of
thousands cured in California. Write them,
S.B. CHAMLEY, M.D., 25 Third St., S.F.
SEND THIS to (some one WITH CANCER.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
il^ Steamers leave Broadway
P^*sfc^ wharf, San Francisco.
I M*rW>l*?^v For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
|£i&s23 Efrfc. Oct. 3. 8, 13, IS. 23. 28; Nov.
K!OrSyJ3X 2, change at Seattle.
HBmJBB For Victoria. Vancouver
"jylßi (B. C), Port Townsend. Se-
p*(KM attle, Tacoma, Everett, Ana-
cortes and New "Whatcom
"** (Wash.), 10 a. m., Oct. 3, 8.
13, 18, 23, 23: Nov. 2, and
every fifth flay thereafter; change at Seattle
to this company's steamers for Alaska and O.
N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to M. P. Ry.; at Vancouver
t0 For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2p. m.. Oct. 8,
11, 16, 26, 31; Nov. 5 and every fifth day there-
Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon. Cayu-
eos Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gayiota,
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme, San Pedro
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, 9
£ m Oct. 3. 7, 11, 15, 19. 23, 27, 31; Nov. i and
every fourth day thereafter, ._.__, .
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harforct
(San Luis OMspo), Santa Barbara, Port Los
Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a. m.,
Oct 5, 9, 13, 17, 21. 25, 29; Nov. 2 and every
fC For Fns»nada. Magdalena Bay, Ban Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and buaymas (Mexico), 10 a. m., 7th of each
m For further information obtain a folder.
The company reserves the right to cnang*
without previous notice steamers, sailing; dates
"TICKET sailing. 1 New Montgomery
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).' -c /: .
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Agts.,
. 10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & H. CO.
, ' DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO "^
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE 12 First Class Including: BertS
IAnC $8 Second Class and -Meals.
COLUMBIA. ...Oct. 20, 30; Nov. 9, 19, 29,
STATE OF CALIFORNIA
Oct. 28; Nov. 4. 14. 24.
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOOD AM* PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
*
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON. PABI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
New Tork Oct. 25 New York .— . Nov. IS
St. Louis Nov. 1 St. Louis. ...^-.Nov. 22
St. Pau1. .......N0v. S. St. Paul..— .—Nov. 29
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Anrwero.
. From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Kensington ....Oct. 25]Southwark Nov. 18
Norland Nov. 1. Westemland ...Nov. 22
Friesland —....Nov. B' Kensington ....Nov. 29
' EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael, Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight end
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
SO Montgomery St., or any of its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
HONGKONG-MA .Wednesday, Nov. 1
NIPPON-MARU " Saturday, Nov. 25
AMERICA-MARU Thursday, Dee. 21
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY, General Agent.
COMPAGNIE GENESALE TRANBATLANTIQBE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. r-nt*t
Sailing every Thursday instead of
Saturday, from November 2, 1899, at -s»*«? J e««*
10 a. m. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton st. LA GASCOGNE. Oct. 21: LA
BRETAGNE. Oct. 23; LA TOURAINE. Nov.
I; LA CHAMPAGNE. Nov. 8: LA NORMAN-
DIE. Nov. 16: LA GASCOGNE, Nov. 2S: LA
TOURAINE. Nov. 30; LA BRETAGNE. Dec 7.
-class to Havre, $60 and upward; 5 per
cent ■ reduction on round trip. Second-class to
Havre. $45: 9 per cent reduction on round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA, 82 Broadway (Hudson build-
ing). New York. J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pa-
cific- Coast Agents. 6 Montgomery aye., San
I Francisco. -
fm Willie Auckland for Sydney
HilBill! vla Honolulu and
\wWnmwwm Auckland for Sydney
M■* 'liiL- Wednesday. Nov. 1,
r\.S\ *\ at 10 p. m. .
mm* The S. S. Australia
Q)lCdl!Dl!ly <; ' falls for Honolulu
mwxh a T c 2 d P . es m. ay - Nov - f-
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
i Samoa. New Zealand. Australia, India, Sue*.
England, etc.; $610 first-class.
I. O. sr"Ri-CKELS & iIKos.CU., Mats., 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St Freight Office. 327 Market St
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON., Tues., V.'cd., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a m t:l5. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night), rvt-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. m.. I]
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Doc*.
Pier No. i. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE «•
<■_..-■ . ■ . - ■-.-■-
910
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BTTSTNESS OFFICE Of The Fan Franclpro
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
cntli 12 o'clock every nlpht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— of! Montcimery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
SOO Hayes street; open until 9:SO o'clock.
OS McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
US Larkin street; op»n until 0:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission Ftreet; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 MRrket street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
IM Fleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
1096 Valencia gtrcet; open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky vtro<>tn; open until 9 o'clcck.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA I■-id ge No. 1, F. and A. •
M— The officers and members of the _#\_
above named lodge are hereby notl- TL3T
fled to attend the funeral of our late / "^ *
brother, EMILE DUNCAN, in King Solo-
mon's Hall. Masonic Temple, THIS DAY
(THURSDAY). October 26, 1899, at 2 o'clock
p. m. Master Masons and friends of the de-
ceased are invited. By order of the master.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, F. and A. ■
M., will meet THIS (THURSDAY) __f\_,
EVF'NING. October 26. at 7:30 o'clock. f\J\
Third degree. By order of the master. ' w '
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
mission Chapter No. 79. R. A. M.— a _■
special meeting THIS (THURSDAY) _/V-
-EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. Mission Ma- TLX
eontc Temple. 26GS Mission st. M. M. /▼ '
degree. By order of the 11. P.
JNO. R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M.— ■
Called meeting THIS (THURSDAY) .^AV.
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- TKJT
Bree. Master Masons are invited. By /▼ >
order of the W. M.
J. R. GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
pacific Lodee No. 155, I. O. O. -*S^j_?%,
F. Seventh and Market sts.— lni- ■?iS!JjK£r
tiatlan THIS EVENING. All -^fE^-Sr
brothers are courteously Invited. " lw *
F. L. TURPIN, Noble Grand.
F. D. ASHWORTH. Rec Secretary.
A. O. H. DIVISION No. Funeral___ -
Notice — The officers and members 'fFvSS
■ the above division are hereby notlfledVlv**^
to meet at ISI2 Fillmore st. bet. Sut-JWv*
ter and Bush, on THURSDAY. Octo-__£_
ber 26. at 8:15 a. m.. to attend the funeral of
our brother. JEREMIAH MURPHY. Fines
for non-attendance will be strictly inforced.
BARTLEY LEE, President
T. L. CLANCY, Secretary.
THE retailor semi-monthly meeting v >_
and "smoker" of the S. F. Scottish 3\ **$«?
Thistle Club THIS (THURSDAY) 4s?vX!£*
EVENING, Fraternity Hall, 32 "*=_?<»
O'Farrell St., at 8 o'clock.
JOHN ROSS, Royal Chief.
GEO. W. PATERSON, Recorder.
ALL friends are Invited to attend the k^jft^
twenty-ninth anniversary and hall SSflKji
piven by the Austrian P.enevol-nt tS'-i%lif-2
Society on SATURDAY NIGHT. Oct. }?_3R>
23, at Saratoga Hall. Sl-i Geary Bt.
Hat room at disposal of guests free. Ice
cream and buffet. COMMITTEE.
M. E. B. A. No. 35. — Members please meet at
rooms, 1:30, THURSDAY. October 28, to at-
tend funeral of late brother, EMILE DUN-
CAN. ED MURPHY, President.
J. J. BEAREY. Secretary.
ACCOUNTANTS.
6. K. BALLARD, 401 Cal. St., designs, audits St
adjusts accounts for corporations & firms: ref.
ATTORNEYS AT LA"WV
ADVICE free; R. W. KING, sixth floor Chron-
icle building; no advance charges; all coses; ■
estates, mortgages, damages, collections,
bankruptcy, wills, etc., drawn; moderate |
fees; call or write. j
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private; !
no fee without success; collections. G. W. i
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn. '
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels building, 927
Market; consultation free; no fees In advance.
KAGLK & NAGLE. attorneys at law, Emma
Spreckels building, 927 Market st.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market Ft., opp. Mason.
BICYCLE REPAIRS-
THOS. 11. B. VARNEY, Market and Tenth.
RAMBLER AND IDEAL BICYCLES.
REPAIRING A SPECIALTY.
BOARD AND ROOKS.
. MARKET, 1049 A (Hotel '—Under new
and excellent management; MRS. M. C. ROB- I
INSON, formerly Oakland, prop.; sunny
;l suites, very desirable for families; first-class j
table: quick service; reasonable rates; family 1
puites a spec.; American and European plan. |
EDDY. 123— United States Hotel; rooms $1 50 !
' we;k up, with board $6 50: suit for two with !
board, $12; board. $4 week; meal», 25c; ele-
vator runs all night.
DESIRABLE room, private family; near Hop-
kins Art School: breakfast If desired; ref-
erences. Box 2841. Call office.
A NEW family hotel. SOT California St.. occu-
pying corner opposite Grace Church.
"BELGRAVIA." Polk and Clay— suites;
best board; for 2. $43 up; single. $20.
. JO'FARRELL, 742— Clean comfortable rooms; su-
• perlor table board; hajh: piano; reasonable.
POWELL, 809 (The Waldorf)— suites
nnd plngle. with or without board.
—^— — —^^ —^ — »
BOARD AND ROOMS WANTED.
RESPECTABLE stenographer desires board
and room; central; rent $15; In private fam- .
ily. Box 279, Call office.
WANTED— By young man; room and board
. with Jewish family. Box 2910, Call office.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
GOOD home; private schooling; terms $10. A.
Z., box 275, Call office. ;
1' CHIT,: boarded; best of care; terms mod-
erate. 6 Cottage row, off Bush, nr. Webster.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
, "SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
j Holmes Book Co.. 704 Mission St.. near Third.
BOOTS A>'l> SHOES. \
LADIES' best rubbers. 2.c and 35c; men's
boots, $2; children's shoes, 65c up; ladles'
"•' chocs, $1 up; send for price list.
People's Shoe Store. 1303 Stockton, nr. Brdwy.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
„— SSOO— SALOON, with clubrooms, 1 block from
- corner Market and Powell Bts.; rent $40;
'■■' EplenJld paying business; a bargain. R. G.
■' WILK.E. 606 Market st.
Ji.— s2oo; BRANCH bakery and stationery store;
b on Union Bt. ; living room; cheap rent; good
business. Call R. G. WILKE, 906 Market st.
X>AY saloon, established years; dally receipts
'. about $60; a long lease; only first-class cus-
tom; a chance of a lifetime; investigate at
f - once. R. O. WILKB, 906 Market at.
' — CORNER saloon, one block from Market
Bt., close to Odd Fellows' bids; rent $40;
■-■ lease, daily receipts $1S; death cause of sale.
J. R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
— — HOTEL of 120 rooms, offices, bar, dln-
* Ing-room, etc. : establ. many years, with large
patronage; centrally located; this first-class
■" paying property must be sold at once; impor-
tant family affair calls owner to Europe; full-
: ' est . investigation solicited. Call R. G.
' WILKE. 906 Market st
«._— SIIOO— CORNER saloon with 6 rooms; rent
-'• $60; mercantile lunch; between wholesale
v houses and iron foundries; place clearing $100
- per month; leaee. Call WILKE, 906 Market.
' 41250— GROCERY store (no bar); splendid loca-
t ion; best class cash trade; good horse and
'-- wagon; large stock; fine fixtures and safe;
cash register; sickness. M. LESS, 765 Market
' $275— Restaurant, near car house and t car lines;
big regular trade: Saturday and Sundays large
" transient; living rooms. M. LESS, 765 Market.
- $4500— RESTAURANT and oyster house; Market
St.; magnificently fitted up private rooms;
will easily clear $300 monthly; trial given If
you mean business. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
$250— PAYING branch bakery In the Mission;
4 living rooms: receipts from $12 to $14 per 'lay;
rent cheap; old estab. M. LESS, 765 Market
$800— GROCERY and bar; fixtures cost $1000;
fresh Stock; Invoice $600; $25 dally, must be
Bold; sickness. KREDO & CO., 224 Geary st.
BTAURANT and * furnished rooms
opp. depot; half hour's ride from city; fine
■ business; furniture worth price asked.
KREDO & CO., 2214 Geary fet.
. — COFFEE, tea and crockery store; best lo-
'' cation In the city; cash or will trade for lot
; of equal value. M. ; LESS, 765 Market st
A— BUSINESS clearing $7E each per month;
• partner ne.eded; this Is a fine opportunity; no
'. night or Sunday work. HEAL Y, 917 Market.
$i2S—SALOON: centrally located; must Bell
this day. COWING & CO., 996 Market st.
. 1175— CIGAR store; great bargain this day.
* COWING & CO.. 895 Market at. "
»r,r,O— BUTCHER shop; doing business $30 to $35
- day 100 route customers; 2 horses; 2 wagons;
great sacrifice. JONES, S6S Market st.
TOR nale cheap, account of other business,
■ wood and coal yard. 3467 Nineteenth St., near
Valencia: Inquire In grocery opposite.
;., , „ I at Btore: doing a good business; good
, G ,S inquire of E. A. KOLB. 419 Mont-
:* gomrry ft ' ■
" A-J6OO-CIGAR stand: c ° me . v,,, f, l S i JP°__s j
.', month; cheap rent. j£redo AjCo.^vi .Geary, J
BUSINESS CHANCES—
FOR sale cheap— Bakery and delicacy store,
2917 Sixteenth st.
WANTED— with $50 for good paying busi-
ness. MR. W., 320 Hyde st.
FOR Tailor shop: 6 years. Apply LOUIS
WESOLO. 922 Seventh st., Oakland.
FOR sale at sacrifice; retiring from business;
wholesale and retail store, established 28
years; suitable for wholesale and retail gro-
cery or drug store or hotel; con be rented
separate; long lease if desired. GEO. MON-
NIER, 1153 Howard, bet Seventh and Eighth.
$800; PARTNER wanted as cashier to attend to
cigar stor«; $500 cash, balance on time; no
agents wanted; barber preferred. Call 1206
Market St. '
$800— RESTAURANT and oyster house: in good
locality; average dally receipts $30; no agents.
Box 2544, Call office. :
HOTEL men attention!— "We have good hotel
propositions. SCHWEINHART & CO., 1007H
Market st, near Sixth.
SALOON— Seventh St.; I. O. O. F. building,
opp. new Postofflce bldg. ; make offer.
WANTED— First-class woodworker for high-
class work: must have $1000. Box 2539, Call.
FOURTH. 303— A 20-room house well furnished;
good • pay ; good location.
$1000— CORNER grocery and bar; good corner;
established 12 years; good trade; stock new;
cause of selling, retiring from business; lease
If desired. Junction Guerrero. San Jose aye.
and Valley st.
FOR sale Grocery and bar, wood and coal, hay
i and grain, boarding stable, expressing; 11
| years In business; owner retiring; long lease.
Call northeast corner Fifteenth and Guerrero.
$2500— of the best located drug stores in
the city, clearing $200 per month; selling on
! account of other business. Address L. 8.,
box 844. Call office.
MODEL Art Store, 5032 Sixteenth St., below Va-
lencia; on account of death; pictures, picture
frames; all kind of art materials; portraits
enlarged.
CHICKEN ranch for rent— Half Interest in
horse wagon, furniture, brooder*, chicken
feed, etc., for sale, or will sell whole. Box
876. Call office. Oakland.
FOR SALE — Corner saloon on water front, with
i rooms above for 3 families and 2 stores below ;
| •11 rented; barroom rent free. Apply 724
Front st. Price low.
FURNITURE and good will of Hotel Bruns-
wick: doing splendid business; must sell on
account of death; $3200; terms, half down,
ret-t on time. Ad. Hotel Brunswick, Oakland.
I $300— LODGING-HOUSE. 10 rooms; rent $9;
water free; income $60. Apply 604% Mission
Ft., room C. between 12 and 2 o'clock.
CIGAR store; very cheap; good location; cheap
rent: owner desires to go to country. Box
«97. Call.
! BRANCH bakery and Etatlonery store; three
I living rooms; rent $11; for sale. 1342 Sacra-
I mento et.
SECOND-HAND furniture and tool store doing
fine business; on account going East. 1070
Howard st.
PARTNER in cheap and useful invention, or
will sell whole or part. Address £11 Eighth.
RESTAURANT; good location; for sale cheap;
account other business. Box 867, Call office.
! $1000 WILL buy half Interest in S4COO ranch.
Write P. O. box 321. Redding. Cal.
FOR SALE— Grocery and branch bakery; price
$350. 801 JelTerspn St.. Oakland.
I FOR sale— Barber shop near Presidio. Inquire
163 Second Bt.
j2SO_OLD established florist shop; doing pros-
| perous business; cheap rent. Apply Call office.
I PAINT shop: estab. 40 years; good stock;
fine tools. R. WILLIS. 926 Washington st.
I PRIVATE boarding-house; 25 boarders; 15
j rooms; all full: north Market. Box 1344 Call.
I RESTAURANT outfits for sale. D. McRAE, j
743 Mission st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CA SWELL & CO.'S. 412 Sacramento ft.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky «=ts. Open till 9 p. m.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
FINE top buggy, almost new; business bugpry.
new: business wagons, new, suitable for dry
goods stores; rockaway. 82S Harrison st. '■
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 211" Mission st.
100 SETS secJnd-hand harness; wagons, carts.
buggies, surrey? and horses. IV" Folsom st.
! CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
I WHEN you become distrusted with poor work I
i send to SPAULDIXG'S Pioneer Carpet-
beatlnc Works, 353-357 Tehatna st. tPI. S. 40.
i CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
J McQUEENS California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson st. ; tel. South 225: lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Butter St.;
tel Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie !>44.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
st ; cleaning, 8c per yard: trl. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye. ; tel. East 126.
CLAIRVOYANTS AM) SI IKI'I X ALIS.M.
MRS. DR. CLARK.
the well-known trance medium and clair-
voyant, may be consulted on all affairs of
life. While entranced she will reveal every
hidden mystery; she will show you how to
overcome your enemies; remove family trou-
bles; restore lost affections; unite the sepa-
rated: recovers lost, stolen or buried prop-
erty; locates treasures and minerals;' tells
your entire life, past, present and future,
while in a perfect trance; perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; send stamp for circular
with special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
205 Turk at Home Sundays and evenings.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, the celebrated test
medium, life reader and medical clairvoyant;
sittings. $1; diagnosis free; "new method"
treatment for chronic, private, obscure dis-
eases; send stamp for circular. 232 Stockton.
MME. MELBOURNE, gifted clairvoyant; never
fails; satisfaction guaranteed; hours. 1:30 trr 5
p. m., 7-10 p. m.; L., 23c; G. SOc. 612V4 Eddy.
MADAME A. CERVANTES, the celebrated
Spanish fortune teller, newly arrived. 8
Hayes St., room 7. second floor.
i MOTHER SADIE materializing Eeance, Friday,
j the 27th, 12 o'clock. 409 Leavenworth st.
GYPSY life reader; Eatlsfactlon guaranteed;
25c; correct answers to nil questions. 9 7th 6t.
MME. BERINSKLEY, fortune teller. ISA Co-
lumbia Square, bet. 6th and 7th, off Folsom.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, lOo: card reader-
past, present, future, 25c. 148 Sixth st., r. 12.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c; daily, 10 a. m.
to 10 p.m.; Sun., 10 a.m. to 8 p.m.. 102 M, Sixth.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry, 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader:
sittings dally. 212H Sixth st. -
MME. MOREAU, the b»3t medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st. near Mission.
MRS. WEST, trance medium and healer.' 1206
Market, par. 14; mall with $1 and stomp ana.
EDWARD EARLE, Independent slatewrit?r,
830 Ellis at.; seance Scottish Hall, Sun. night
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
MRS. C. J. MEYER. 335 McAllister; sittings
dally; test meetings, 10c; circles, 25c ; 2, 8 p.m.
PROF. Gee— Medium; read's. Me. $1; test circles
Tues,, Thurs.. Frl.. 8 p. m.. 10c. 1035 Market.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing: a sura
cure for poison cak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
Agent. Office and factory. 21 Spear st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
less successful. Room 810. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET. -
COTTAGE of 4 rooms and bath,. with or with-
out stable. 409 Dolores St., near Seventeenth.
DENTISTS.
DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors] 927
Market St., over Cafe ZSnkasd— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the best and most artHtlo
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from $1 up; other fillings from sOc;
badly decayed teeth carefully trented and
filled or crowned without pain; plates that fit
from $4 CO up; flesh colored plates from $3 £.0
up; teeth without plates a specialty; open
evenings and Sundays.
A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry. ,
Synol, on application to the gums, removes
the pain; tee our flesh colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings, DOc: crowns, $3 60; plates,
lull set, $5; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
TEETH extracted free; the best work; the low-
est prices; all work warranted and painless;
teeth without j plates a specialty. Modern
. _jDenna jC-riors. Uii. Market. sor. Golden, u^te^
* THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1899.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, SO9 Mar-
ket st. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$.1 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DX. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
VAX* VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market st.
OHIO Dental Parlors. Inc.. 8 graduate opera-
tors: open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush;
full set teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
MEYER— Deutscher Zlahnarzt. « Turk; lat-class
work; prices reas.; gas; crown fc bridge work.
LOWEST prices in S. F. ; work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists. 967 Mission, cor. 6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas glvan. -
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk lit.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
DRESSES— Cutting and fitting taught at schol-
ar's house, $10. 403 Grant aye.. cor. Bush.
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladies Tailoring parlors;
French tailoring system tautfht. 205 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 381 Geary; dre»s«B
made $5 up: dresses made evr.r; perfect fit.
EDUCATIONAL.
MR. and MRS. W. F. AYRES have returned
from their vacation and resumed personal su-
pervision over Ayres' Business College; new
and progressive methods In all branches; the
only school In the city having the right to
use the practical Budget system of bookkeep-
ing; life scholarship. $50; send for catalogue.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st, S. F.;
practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy, • English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.; new 80-page catalogue free.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. Burvey,assay,archl.;day and even.;
e»t. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN, f33 Market.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. San Francisco Business
College. 1236 Market st.
LAW Schools, 927 Market, S. F., and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
PROF. MERKI'S mandolin club resumes Nov.
2; new members welcome: ref. 3003 Mission.
FRENCH, Spanish, etc.. Prof. De Filllppe's
Academy of Languages. 320 Post; ablest profs.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory of
Leipsic: lessons 75c: 320 Golden Gate aye.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busi-
ness College. 205 Larkin Ft., opp. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic.Rrammar. writing;
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mission. nr. 6th.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE Information Bureau; Japanese and
Chinese help; housecleanlng. 421 Post; tele-
phone Main 1986.
OKPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
FIELD'S Employment Agency; help furnished
free. G:~. Clay st ; phone Davis 821.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all. kinds
help. GEO. OAKI. 30 Geary et.; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell: tel. East 426.
SAM KEE, 513 Bush; best Chinese help fur-
nlshed promptly. Telephone Red 1531.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
SITUATIONS wanted - for an American hotel
housekeeper, a forewoman for hotel laundry,
a thorough pastry cook, a German all-around
hotel cook. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires a situation;
understands French and German cooking;
good ref. MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook desires a situa-
tion; good ref. MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sut-
ter Bt
TWO first-class German cooks desire situa-
tions; best of reference. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., £6 Sutter Bt
BY young lady (school teacher) a good home in
exchange for light services; must be In re-
lined family; would accept salaried position
as governess. Address, with particulars, box
2917, Call office.
YOUNG woman wants situation- in family to
do housework: no washing; is a good cook;
city or Oakland. Call or address M. D., 243
Fremont St.
NEAT young girl wishes place in nice family
to do general housework; is willing and oblig-
ing. Call 1007 Natoma st, off Eleventh and
Mission.
RESPECTABLE young lady, unexperienced,
would like wcrk in a eplce house label de-
partment C*ll or address MISS JONES, 235
Eleventh st.
WANTED— By a refined, capable, home-lovln°-
middle-aged woman, a position as house-
keeper; country preferred. Box 273. Call.
BWEDISHdrirI would like a position In Amer-
iran family to do general housework. 2S4Vk
Perry st.
YOUNG woman would like to da light house-
wcrk on a farm: wages moderate. Address
box 2918, Call office.
WILLING girl: Rood cook; pmall plain wash;
nssist with other duties; good reference.
66 < beslej St., bet. Seventh, Eighth, Harrison.
GIRL v.ants position to do general housework
and cooking. Please call at 719^ Clementina
St., near Ninth.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation as a
good cook, or will do housework; willing and
obliging. Call 227 Minna st.
SITUATION wanted as housekeeper, good
cook or will take care of lodging house. Call
Golden West Hotel, room 27. bet. 1 and 3.
YOUNG German lady wishes position as nurse;
Willing, obliging; city, country. MISS G.
BTADTLANDER, 1239 O'Farrell. Y. W. C. A.
RELIABLE young Eastern girl for general
work and conking; wages $20. Call at 418
Larkin st, near City Hall.
GOOD cook wants position in small family;
respectable woman; can-do plain washing.
20 Eleventh st.
NEAT Danish slrl wishes to do housework:
references; $15. Call at 23 Juniper St., off
Folsom. 1
MIDDLE-AGED woman vi-ant< housework;
wages $15 to $20. 1000 Washington st
YOUNG, healthy lady wants a situation as a
wetnurse; state wages. Box 2970, Coll office.
WANTED— By a middle-aged woman, situation
■ as houHekeeper; is a good cook; will do pen-
eral housework in a small family: small
wages. 530 Golden Gate aye., room 39.
LADY desires a home for herself and daughter
, in return for services as housekeeper and to
Instruct children in grammar studies; also
music. Box 2845, Call office.
GIRL would like to assist in housework or
mind a child; city or country. Please call
at 16S Silver st.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes position to do
general housework. Address 17 Howard St. -
YOUNG girl wishes any kind of work during
the day. Box 2966, Call office.
GERMAN woman wishes work by the day;
washing or house cleaning. 149 Fourth at.
A YOUNG experienced woman wants situation
to do housework: Is a first-class cook; city or
country acceptable; con give, best of refer-
ences. Address M. X., 3808 Seventeenth St.
EXPERIENCED reliable nurse wants some en-
gagements; would receive patients In her
home; go; 1 references. Address Nurse, 47A
Clara at., Third and Fourth, Folsom and Har-
rison. : ■" ■ - ■
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 DO night; $1 60 to $«
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to find from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscription*. V.n?. been established at 'the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ets. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va-
lencia st. --
EMPLOYMENT WANTED
COMPETENT couple desire situation?; man
first-class carpenter . and cabinet-maker and
wife first-class cook: city or country. Apply
to MISS H. CULLINAN, 823 Sutter st
WANTED— By young Scotchman, position as
coachman and gardener; 10 years' experience;
Rood all around man. G. W. HIGGINSON'
Hotel Shasta, Oakland. '
SITUATION wanted by a young man as por-
ter or chamberwork In hotel ; city jor 1 coun-
try. Address box 2916, Call ■of flee.
MIDDLE-AGED Iran withes position as bar-
tender or night watchman. Box 2914, Call.
BUGGY washer would like work In Rood stable ;
sober and reliable. T. TODD, 629 Sacramento.
HOTEL and restaurant steward; can furnish
the best of references.: Box 274, • Call office.
BARBER wishes a light situation or to , work
ehort hours. Address box 2969, Call office. .
COOK wants a position In a restaurant or cafe.
Jt'leas^ c^j>E addres3j^G^.BB_NJnUj bW_ _J
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— -MALE.
A— sloo - WILL be ■ paid for Information that
will secure situation for practical farmer as
manager or foreman of dairy, stock, vine-
yard or grain ranch; thoroughly competent to
. take full charge of either; best of references.
Address J., box S7O, Call office.
JAPANESE wants situation as schoolboy.
email wages. ' S. KISHI, 1329 Pine st
YOUNG married couple wish to take charge of
country residence ; man carpenter, woman
. general, housekeeper;: best references. . Ad-
dress box 2840. Call office. j
YOUNG Danish man. single; wants situation
in private place; thoroughly understands care
of horses, cow and garden; beet of references.
.Address P. LUND, 360 Seventh at.. Oakland.
CARPENTER, middle aged, as general work-
man: has a gocd chest of tools; well recom-
mended; will work cheap. Address Carpen-
ter, box 888. Call office. . ■ ■■■■'.
SALESMAN desires position; thoroughly ex-
perienced In crockery, - glassware and house-
- furnishing goods; first-class references. Box
2966, Call office. _
YOUNG man, good "business education, wants
situation; willing to Invest a few hundred
dollars In legitimate enterprise. Address box
86C, Call office. ______
MAN of good character wants situation in gen-
eral merchandise or grocery store ■ in country;
will work cheap at first to learn the busi-
ness; good driver; references. Address L. 8.,
727 Bush st. - _^__
GOOD steady bread baker wishes position; a
, second or good third hand. Address 266 Te-
hama st. .'
BAKER on cakes and bread wants position;
also good hotel baker and pastry cook. 707
Minna st.
COACHMAN, understands his business thor-
oughly In all branches, Al references, desire-
situation as euch. ■ Ad. C. S., 1022 Jackson.
BARKEEPER, German - American, age 26
years, wants work. Box 2929, Call office.
STEADY, sober young man wishes a position
of any kind; handy with horses. Address E.
C, 400 Capp st.
EXPERIENCED young man wants position
doing general work in mercantile house; am
good bookkeeper: quick, accurate and trust-
worthy. Box 278, Call.
WANTED— Work by young man by the day at
house and carpet cleaning. HENRY ANDER-
SEN, 952 Bush st; telephone East 963.
GARDENER, thoroughly understanding care
or horses, cows, chickens; references; pri-
vate placo. ; N. D. box 989, Call.
JAPANESE schoolboy wants position as cook
in small family. K. KAWASAKI. 1329 Pine.
EXPERIENCED cellarman wishes situation;
can do cooperage repairing; references if re-
quired. Address E. MUTIN, 1524 Powell st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m. '
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
FLATS TO LET.
CLEMENTINA, 312^— 514; 6 rooms; In good
order; sunny side.
FINE flat. 7 rooms and bath; 523 McAllister, nr.
Van Ness. Apply 623 Golden Gate aye.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10
Montgomery st. ' ■
GEARY, 1909, opposite Hamilton Square— Two
flats, 5 and 6 rooms each; upper flat reduced
to $12 50; lower to $15.
GEARY, 1917— 516; four nice rooms; bath; toilet,
gas; nice yard; cellar; furnished hall.
LEAVENWORTH, 1519— 4 rooms; gas;
bath; modern improvements; rent $15.
MCALLISTER. 1129— Upper flat, 7 rooms; with
light and sun; reasonable to good tenant.
MODERN sunny flat, 7 rooms; porcelain bath.'
735 Ellis st. .
NEW flat, 7 rooms and bath. Corner Twenty-
third and Noe sts. . .
new flat of 4 rooms. Apply at '"'■.■ /■•■■ st.,
between Bryant. Brannan, Third and Fourth.
NICE sunny S-room flat; good order; reasonable
rent to' good tenant. 439 Fourth st.
O'FARRELL, 1933-1937— New flats, just com-
pleted: rent reasonable. Apply MADISON &
BURKE.
TO let— Modern sunny upper flat; 7 rooms and
bath. 1824 Sutter st. .
TO let— 3 flats of 4 rooms each. Key at 70
Clementina St.. bet. First and Second.
UPPER flat, 6 rooms and bath; all sunny.
220 Thirteenth St., near Howard.
7 ROOMS and 2 kitchens; modern: sunny bay
windows; for 2 families. 417 l Third st.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In Wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
FLATS TO FURNISHED.
ELLIS. 1312— Two new modern flats; 8 anil 10
rooms and bath; front two streets; sun all
day; newly and handsomely furnished. Apply
10 to 12. . '
FUR I'M RE FOR SALE.
HEAVY matting, 10c per yard; linen warp, 15c;
tapestry Brussels carpet sewed. laid and lined,
60c per yard. EASTERN OUTFITTING CO..
1310-1312 Stockton St., nr. Broadway.
$325 CASH— Furniture of 7-room flat; good as
new: a bargain; rent low. 772 Stevenson,
off Ninth.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50, with No.
7 ranee. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
LARGE and email lots: 200 rooms; country;
must buy this week. Box 764, Call.-
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st, pays
the highest price for your Id-hand furniture.
WANTED— SSOOO carpets.furniture.etc. ; highest
price paid; postal. M. Sllversteln.ll2l Market
FUKKIKKS, FURS. ETC
ELECTRIC seal capes, Astrakan yokes, $10 to
$30. ROBT. WALLACE. 115 Kearny. top floor.
HELP WASTED AGENTS.
AGENTS everywhere to sell map of the battle-
fields In the Philippines; 4f,x64 inches In 8
colors, showing all the movements of Eighth
Army Corps. Write for particulars to P. E.
LAMAR. 21 First St.. Pan Francisco. ■
LADY solicitors wanted: salary and commis-
sion. Consolidated Flavoring Co., 1454 Mar-
ket st. ; 2 to 5.
AGENTS wanted for Eastern specialties; call
after 4 p. m. P. C. M. A., 76 Flood bldg.
"HELP WANTED FEMALE.
ATTENTION!
Waitresses!...... Waitresses! Waitresses!
80 commercial hotels want girls, call and se-
lect your choice, north, south, close by or far
away, $20 and $25 and fare; also 10 waitresses
for city hotels and restaurants. Miss Ada
Harris, waitress, please call. C. R, HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
SO GIRLS wanted for private families; city and
country; $15 to $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
WANTED— 2 German cooks, $30 and $35; cook,
short distance, $30; 4 cooks, German style, $23
and $30; German or Swedish girl, 3 In family.
$25: German second girl, $20; French second
girl, $20; 4 second girls, $15, $20 and $25; 5 ho-
tel waitresses, see party at 11 a. m., $20;
lroner, $25 and board; restaurant waitresses,
$6 week • and $20; hotel cook, $30; boarding-
house cook, $25; 4 nurses, $15: a number of
girls for cooking and housework, city and
country, $20 and $25. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child as housekeeper, country,
$15. MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter St.
WANTED — Girl to do general housework; must
be good plain cook; Scotch, German or Swede
preferred; call mornings. 3792 Twenty-fourth
.. st, corner of Church.
WANTED— waist finisher, cloak-
maker* and skirt 'finishers. Only first-class
hands need apply at 1200 Geary St., from 7:30
p. m.
MIDDLE-AGED or elderly woman for light
housework In small family; small wash: must
be good cook. Apply after 8 a. m., 1521 Cali-
fornia st.
GIRLS of about 16 years of age to rivet over-
alls in LEVI STRAUSS' factory, 32*4 Fre-
mont Bt. • ■'■ ■ . '.'... . '
FINISHERS on Jackets. LOEWENTHAL'S,
■ 914 Market st " ■
WANTED— young girl for housework. 3627
Seventeenth st.
GERMAN girl to assist in general housework;
wages $18. 447 Ninth st. •
$20— GIRL for general housework. Call after 9
a. m., 925 Fulton st .
GIRL: general housework; small family; good
wages. 1029 Dolores st. . .
BOY and girls wanted; no experience needed.
MUTUAL LABEL & LITHO CO., 23 Main st.
GIRL to assist in housework for good home; 3
adults in family. 1822 Sutter at.
GIRL for general housework and cooking; no
washing; $20. Call before 12, 2615 Union st. ,
FIRST-CLASS finisher and buttonhole maker
on custom vests. Room 111, 6 Eddy st.
WANTED— A girl for cooking and light house-
work. 1268 Geary st.
GERMAN : girl wanted for general housework.
; 1504 Ellis st. - . •■
WANTED— Young girl for light housework;
,- % y -aims HO. A ZWi__ st.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
RESPECTABLE young lady to do light house-
work; family of 2; good home. 18 Lewis, off
Taylor, near Post.
WANTED— A girl to assist in general house-
work; wages $18-$2 O. 1603 Laguna st.
WANTED— GirI for light housework; wages $15
a month. 718 Green st., near Mason.
WANTED— First-class pants finisher. 7% Dike-
man place, off Mason, bet. Ellis andO'Farrell.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on cloaks E. MEET
SAGER, 145 Post st.
COATMAKER to work Inside; steady work.
Sutter St., room 64.
TAILORESS on custom coats; steady place;
also apprentice. 120 Sutter st., room 64.
WANTED— lmprovers on waists and skirts.
FRANCIS. 796 Sutter st.
WANTED— First-class tailoress; good wage*.
FRANCIS, 796 Sutter st.
YOUNQ woman for light housekeeping for 1;
wages $8. Call at 710 Lombard st.
WANTED— GirI for general housework. Apply
at 3448 Twentieth st., corner Capp.
BRIGHT young lady to travel and assist
gentleman in his business; moderate salary
and expenses; In answering state age, quali-
fications, etc E. P. TRAYNOR, Call office,
Oakland.
APPRENTICES on shirts and overalls; paid
while learning. Standard Shirt Factory,
Gough and Grove ets.
WANTED— LadIes learn best Bystem shorthand
and typewriting at home; experienced gent.
Address box 2SSS. Call.
WANTED— Good cook; also girl for second
work. Apply between 8 and 12 at 2982 Jack-
son st.
WANTED— Walstmakers and tailor at AR-
NOLD. FRASER & WALSH'S. E2B Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on coats at ARMAND
CAILLEAU'S, 114-116 Kearny st.
WANTED— GirI to work in restaurant. 8 How-
ard st., near East.
WANTED— Young girl for light housework. 858
Broadway.
GOOD finisher and experienced apprentice girl
on custom coats; also presser. 126 Russ st.
GOOD waitress wanted; $6 a week. 631 Clay
street.
GIRL to assist with second work and care for
grown child. 2293 Franklin st.
GIRL 14 to 16 to help mind baby. 1562 Post
St., near Laguna,
A GIRL for light housework. 1219 Stelner st.
APPRENTICE and a good plain Eewer for
dressmaking. 2437 Mission St., near 21st.
SCANDINAVIAN" servant: general housework
and cooking. 2406 Sutter st.
WANTED-A dressmaker. 1318 Larkin st.
WANTED— A young girl to assist in house-
work. 1718'-j Union st.
WANTED— Protestant girl for light house-
work. 1517 Hyde st.
GIRL to do housework In small family. 875
Lexington aye.
25 HANDS on silk and woolen waists. SAN
FRANCISCO MFG. CO., 409 A Turk st.
WANTED — 4 ladles who want to make $12 a
week. Call 114 Jones st.
FIRST-CLASS experienced saleslady for cloaks
* and suits. Paris Cloak House, 1114 Market.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
ir.g.pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor &Moffatt.
WANTED— Experienced lroners at U. S. Laun-
dry, Sixteenth and Valencia sts.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School gives a
thorough, artistic course. 103 Post 6t.
HELP "WANTED— MALE.
10 STONEMASONS for railroad work; $3 50 a
day; free fare. C. K. HANSEN & CO., 104
<.;<a ry st _^__^__
20 LABORERS and teamsters. Valley road, N
a day, free fare; 20 pick and shovel men and
quarry laborers, city and country, $2 a day; 10
woodsmen, $26 to $30. fare advanced; 3 rough
carpenters lor a ranch. $1 60 a day and
board; wagon-maker for a ranch, $45 and
board; blacksmith, country, $30; 2 harness-
makers for ranches, $30 and $35; fireman, $2 25.
C. It. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Gearyjit.
FIRST-CLASS hotel butcher; meat cook, $55;
meat and pastry cook, $50; cook and wife.
$7u; German cook for an institution. $40; third
cook, $45; third cook for springe, $30, fare ad-
vanced; second cook, $35; pantryman, $15, $20
and $25; house man. hotel. PS; baker' s helper,
|25; .'i waiters, country hotels, $23 and $30;
bellboys, $10 and $15. C. 11. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
EXPERT butter and egg salesman for whole-
sale house; $100 a month. Apply to CJ R.
HANSEN at C. R. HANSEN & CO..S, 104
v St.
CAM I' cook for railroad camp; $60 and free
fare. C. R. HANBKN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED — Clothing salesman; 2 farmers and
wives, $35 and $40; miners, $2 50 a day; fire-
man, tl 73 a day; laborers for mine, etc., $1 75
and W a day; blacksmith, $40 and found; 3
tinners; carpenters, $3 day; liarnesa-maker, $2
day; 2 milk-wagon drivers, $20 and $25 and
found; stage driver, $20; cooper; stableman,
private ftable, ISO; woodsmen and many-
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. «2S Sacra-
mento st
WANTED— Kitchen crew for country hotel.
$800; butler, $85; Fhampooer, $40; cook for 4
men, $25; hotel porter and house man, $20 and
found: baker, country. $10 week; waiters,
dishwashers; elevator boy; bellboy, $13 and
board, and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62«
Sacramento St.
WANTED
10 laborers for road work, near city, good
long job at $2 per day; milkers, $25 to $30;
farm hand?. $1 and $30 and found; farmer
and wife. $40; 5 laborers for woods and arnunil
mill. $20 to $35 and board and fare paid; 4
more men to handle grain on large grain
ranch; $1 50 per day and board; and others.
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st
WANTED — Man and wife on a dairy near city,
man to milk, wife cook, etc., $35 and found,
good place: 10 laborers, short distance in
country, $1 25 per day, board, long job; 10
farm hftnds and milkers, going wages; second
c k, country hotel, $35 and fare advanced,
nml :0 ethers. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay.
BAH I! EUS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Je«sle 132.
WANTED— Assistant foreman for farm; one
experienced in beet culture preferred. Address
by letter October 27, stating wages expected
and giving references, E. C. 8., 132 Market
St., room 6.
WANTED— A young man, 17 to 21, Grammar
or High School graduate, living with parents
for permanent position in city commercial
office. Address in own handwriting box 2952,
Call office.
STEADY employment for a competent foreman
in a printing office; must understand job and
cylinder press work; give references. Box
2915, Call.
WANTED— A boy for light manufacturing
business; one willing to learn and residing
with his parents. 9 Geary st., room 1.
$250 MONTH to salesman on new Oil Gas Bur-
ner for heating and cooking. PERFECTION
BURNER CO., D. 652. Cincinnati, O.
WANTED— Good coat hand to go to country;
steady work; must be sober and reliable. Ap-
ply Detmer Woolen Co., 11 Sansome st.
COATMAKERS want««d; steady work. BEL-
ASCO & HARRIS CO. (lnc)., 541 Market st.
WANTED — Coatmakers to work on ladles'
coats; highest wages. FRANCIS, 796 Sutter.
PLUMBER, gasfltters, boy to learn trade at
new building, Hyde and Washington sts.
WANTED — Man to work in lodging-house.
1032 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS pressers on ladies' tailor skirts
and jackets. A. CAILLEAU, 114-116 Kearny.
3 TEAMSTERS: 2 laborers. Fourteenth aye.
and N st. South; take Kentucky-st. cars.
GOOD tailor wanted. Rooms 115-117. Phelan
building.
MAN to make %lmself generally useful. 433
Kills st.
WANTED— First-class painters; long job; $2 50
per day. Call 116 Twelfth St., 7:30 sharp.
BOY and girls wanted: no experience needed
MUTUAL LABEL & LITHO CO., 23 Main st.
EI/F.VATOR boy. 718 Market st.
WANTED— First-class waiter at Manhattan
House, 825 Battery st.
BEDMAKER wanted. Alpha House, 5 Market
street.
BARKEEPER, German; must he polite and
quick; state references. Box 272, Call office.
BOY to set type. Apply between 2 and 3 at
34 California st., second floor.
WANTED— For nursery work and jobbing gar-
dening. Call 500 Haight st.
PAINTER wanted; good stage hand. 212 Elev-
enth st.
EXPERIENCED feeder for Job presses ; no
other. 1G Fremont st.
WANTED— Steady waiter. 269 O'Farrell st.
BARBERS— Good 2-chalr shop In country for
gala, DECKELMAN BROS., 106 Ellla st.
BARBERS — Good 15c shop at a bareain
DECKELMAN BROS., 106 Ellis st.
BARBER; young man: easy work; $9 week.
Address E* r>. 8., Petaluma, P, o. box 507.
HELP "WANTED— MALE. .
A— MURRAY & READY.......Phone Main 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Help for Utah. Washington, Oregon, British
Columbia and all parts of California and
Arizona
band sawyer shoemakers — slate splitters
lather.... sash and door maker.... blockmaker
shingle packer. ..iron molder. . .granite cutter
$3 50, $3, $2 50 day ....come and see
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A ......".WE PAY YOUR FARES
to 38 sawmills, etc •
...no experience wanted...
.....197 men for 60 different Jobs
from laborers to run macl>'nes. ........
wages from $26 to $40 and found
also lumber pliers, crosscut sawyers
...tree fellers, bark peelers, jackscrewers...
woodsmen and millmen of every description,
$80, $75, $65, $50, $45. $40, $30 and found; wood-
choppers, tiemakers, shingle bolt makers,
picket makers, etc.. by the hundreds.....
We pay MURRAY & READY.
Your fares.... 634 and 636 Clay st.
BIG WAGES •_••:"•
26 laborers, Inside work $2 to $2 7o day
16 laborers, fare 50c |W
12 quarrymen, country ♦»"
.SPECIAL TO-DAY
197 laborers and teamsters -or city and coun- 1
try Jobs, $3, $2 50. $2, $1 75 day; some by the
day, others factories, etc
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
COOKS. WAITERS^ OTHER HELP.
HOTEL, LA UN BAKERY, ETC.
18 cooks $65, $60. $55. $40, $30 and found
14 waiters $30, $25, $20 and found
19 dishwashers $30, $25. $20, $15 and found
6 porters, bell and elevator boys
7 laundrymen and pantrymen.. s3o and found
Coatmaker; broilers; second, third and fourth
cooks; two first, four second: third hands and
3 boy to learn baking trade; $40, $35, $25, $20,
$15 and found; five cooks and wives or men
together, $65, $55, $50. $40 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay et.
687 POSITIONS NOT ADVERTISED.
5 farmers and wives; 3 milkers and wives,
$40 ami found: see boss here.
Bcxmaker .....Crockery packers
edgerman. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay.
22 CARPENTERS for a steady Job for 9
months, country $3 day
MURRAY & READY, 034-636 Clay St.
A— 6 GOLD Mines ...,6 Sliver Mines
IS Other Mines
12 miners, machine drills, gold $75
16 miners, single hand drills, sliver.. s6o found
62 laborers, no experience required, $57 per
month. Including board and lodging
23 laborers, you will suit, fare $3 $63
16 laborers, you will suit, fare $2 50 $52 50
27 laborers, you will suit, fare $1 50.. 540 found
Great Crowds MURRAY & READY.
Going Dally 634-636 Clay st.
A— FARMS Dairies Stables
£6 plow teamsters $30, $26 and found
68 farm, orchard and vineyard hands, good
steady Jobs $30, $26, $25, $20 and found
12 milkers $30, $25 and found
12 choremen and boys.. s2o, $15, $10 and found
8 stablemen, buggy-washers, hostlers, har-
ness-cleaners, etc. $50, $15, $40, $35, $"0, $2.*)
and found
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A — WE ship you free Railroad work
155 teamsters, laborers $2 day
MURRAY & READY. 631-636 Clay st.
MILK wagon driver: $30 and fd. ; city. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st. '
SHINGLE sawyer, $50 and found; 3 tinners,
free fare: 3 firemen for mines, $52 50; camp
waiters. $25. MURRAY & READY, 634 and i
636 Clay st.
BARBERS— Wanted to buy, half or whole in-
terest in good paying shop; country pre-
ferred. Box 877, Call branch, Oakland.
BUSHELMAN. San Jose Woolen Mills Co.,
623 Market St., room 3; bet 12 and 1 o'clock.
WANTED— Boy to make himself useful in
store; references required; also last situation.
Box 2567, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED dishwasher, $4 a week. 413
Pine Et., M. LIPSCHITZ.
BARBERS — For sale chean; your own price.
Address box 282, Call office.
WANTED— IOO men to try our 15c breakfast,
dinner or supper; best in city. 406 McAllister
Bt., near Polk.
A— YOUNG men to Join Ayres* Business Col-
lege; have more positions than we can fill.
WANTED— Piano player by the month. O
WEINHOLD, cor. Lombard and Lyon sts.
GOOD shoemaker wanted: steady situation. S.
J. Gray, 115 South Second St., San Jose.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 2Se
to 50c. 562 Mission st. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO., attor-
neys, Hearst bldg., Third and Market. j
WANTED— at SCHIMMEL &
STOVER'S. 408 Sutter st.
600 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission at, bet. Ist and 2d sts.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
BARBERS' Protective Union— only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ,
Employment Secy., 630 Market, downstairs.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
t quired; constant practice; expert instruction:
lectures on dermatology; Saturday wages;
call or write for free Illustrated catalogue.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
MEN and women wanted to learn barber trade
in 6 weeks; expert instructions; Saturday
wages; call or write for catalogue. S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 741 A Howard st.
; SAILORS and ordinary seAmen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Kteuart st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c, 15c and 25c
per night. Llndell, 6th and Howard: read. rm.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market st. below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 250 night: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to arid from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Rts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubscrlptlons has been established at 1096 Va-
lenoia st.
HORSES", LIVE STOCK, For Sale
40 HORSES for sal»; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
827 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
60 HEAD tine draft and driving horses at 1621
and 1625 Market St.. between Twelfth and
Brady: also some fine matched black teams.
FOR sale — number of work, road and busi-
ness horses. Tomkinson's Livery Stable, 67
Minna at. bet First and Second.
FOR sale — 4 fresh milch cows, with calves. J.
F. PERLE. Angel Island.
. HOUSES LODGING FOR ale.
H C. DECKER, , ,
OFFICE 1020 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE STH
OVER COLUMBIA SUIT & CLOAK HOUSE.
21- room house; $300 cash $700
26 rooms; clears $100 650
15 rooms; clears $S0; rent $35 500
24 rooms; on Third st. ; clears $100........ 550 i
9 rooms; on Mission st 300 |
45 rooms; corner; clears $200 1200 |
• 66 rooms (transient): clears $200 1500 |
48 rooms: on Market st. ; rent $75 1300
- 60-room hotel and bar v 5000
115 rooms: best in the city 5000
40-room boarding-house 3200
50 others, 6 to 200 rooms, from $100 to $10,000.
R. H. WINSTON & CO., 1026 MARKET ST
— OVER WONDER MILLINERY STORE
14 rooms; $400 cash. bal. $10 month $600
23 rooms; will sell at auction about price
asked for house; elegant .1700
SI rooms; facing 3 streets; only 1050
SO rooms; corner; rent ISO 1350
39 rooms: new sunny corner 1350
MONEY TO LOAN AT 2 PER CENT
PARTY wishing to sell lodging-house see
BASILE. 3 Eddy st. new cash buyer daily.
$185— ELEVEN rooms: good furniture; $19 rent;
no agents. 346 Third st.
$450— Philadelphia House, 421 Bush; 48 rooms;
fur.; gas and water; or take partner; $225.
33-ROOM lodging house; nicely furnished;
sunny corner. 704 Howard st, cor. Third.
FURNITURE of 7-room and bath fiat; house
full. 1036^ Folsom st. _^
HOUSES TO LET.
•A— PRINTED list; houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
$12 60-11 SUNNY rooms, bath; barn; garden;
chicken yard; at West Berkeley; railroad sta-
tion 1 block; 40 minutes from city. Inquire
WM. HENDRICKSON & CO., 614 Call bldg.
LODGING-HOUSE buyers— For genuine bar-
gains and honest treatment call or?
SCHWEINHART & C0..1007H Market, nr. 6th.
REDUCED to $46— 9-room lodging-house; 31314
O'Farrell st. Apply at 15 Grant aye.
HOUSE of 4 rooms; grand view; to a small
family only. 425 Fremont st. near Harrison.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st. ■
LOST j jaD ..... FOLMJ.— ~
LOST— Purse between Market and Hyde on
Turk; $10 and '. valuable papers ; keep money
If papers are returned to The Call office.
LOST— eye glasses In case. Return to
room 81, Flood building; reward.
LOST— and' white Japanese pug, female
Return to £700 California st.; liberal reward!
jroUND-Lftdyß ba*. Call 328^Noa at " ;•• .^_
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— On Powell-st. cars, package containing
7 photographs in envelope of JOHN J.
CORDY Grand Secretary of Foresters. 120
O'Farrell st. Kindly return same to above
address.
LOST— F.awn greyhound bitch. 1152 Oak St.;
reward? ■ ■_-__——
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WTETH, ladies' physician; consul-
tation free; home in confinement; guaranteed
treatment at office, $5. 042 Post st. between
Hyde and Larkln; hours, 10 to 5, 7 to 8.
A STRICTLY private confinement home; sunny
rooms; best of care; nice garden. DR. AND
MRS. WEGENER, phone Pine 2751; residence,
1312 Golden Gate aye. •
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladies' physician, 1122 Mar-
ket st. bet. Mason and Taylor; guaranteed
treatment at office, $5; hours 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
DRS. GOODWIN, formerly of 401 Van Ness aye.
. and 1362 Market St.. has returned from Eu-
rope and is now at lIS Eddy st.
MRS. DR. GWYER, ladies' physician. 510
Eddy st., bet. Hyde and Larkln.
DR. POPPER, ladles' practical physician for
37 years. 318 Kearny st. ; consultation free.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, the world-renowned
ladies' specialist. 1023*, Market st. ,
HOME in confinement; treatment $5; consulta-
tion free. MRS. ALLEN, 228 Van Ness aye.
DR. POPPER, ladies' practical physician for
37 years. 318 Kearny St.; consultation free.
MRS. DR. DA VIES, ladies' physician. 122?
Market st,. bet. Taylor and Jones.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dls-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MISCELLANEOUS SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion st, above Sixth. _____
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought. Bold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
FOR sale— Pointer bitch; best stock in the
country and first-class retriever; price $20.
CHARLES F. PRECHT, 610 Clay st.
LAW library of 400 volumes; in this city; Cal-
ifornia statutes and well selected text books;
price $400; must be sold on or before Nov. 1.
Inquire at Call office.
$15— DOMESTIC sewing machine; good order;
attachments complete. 1915 Mission, nr. loth.
WANT to sell Domestic Sewing Machine;
nearly new; $20. Call 703 Polk st.
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes;
specie chests; bullion safes, vaults, etc Tha
Waltz Safe Co., 109-111 Market st., S. F.. Cal.
FRESH snowballs— "T. Carr" and all brands
English fire brick, fire clay, brick dust. S. R.
CHURCH, 307 Sansome St.. tel. Main 5086.
8 HOISTING engines, 3 steamers, 5 locomotives.
110 cars and all machinery used on Eureka
Breakwater. J. B. JARDINE. 220 Fremont
A— 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St., near Pine.
DESKS, office and card tables; desks repaired
or exchanged; furn. bought. 244 Stockton st.
DR CREELY'S C. P. Worm Pills by all drug-
gists, or Dog Hospital, 610 Golden Gate aye.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-421 Sacramento St.
DRESS pants, $2 75; fine suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery St.
BARS, counters, shelving, showcases bought and
sold. EIBEN, HIS Mission; Tel. Jessie 1163.
2D-HAND doors, lumber, sash, etc., for sale-
cheap: old houses bought, rem'd. 8 Valencia.
DO you know of tools or machinery for sale?
EPSTEIN, 648 Mission, pays good commission.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
I BOILERS, engines, lathes, wood planers, 12 and
24 in.; gas eng., 2d hand. J. Burke, 139 Beale.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— To hire 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long job. E. B.
STONE, Elmharst.
WANTED— Light 2-Feated surrey; cheap; state
price. E. MITCHELL, box 879, Call.
WANTED— rowboat; 14 feet or over.
Box 874, Call office.
OLD gold, gold dust, platinum and silver
bought. H. Landecker & Co.. lIS Montgomery.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in Installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tap« and publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 6S-69 Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market st.
ANY proposition; any amount; 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates In probate, interest
in estates, legacies, life insurance: chattel
mortgages; confidential; advice free. G. E.
OLSEN. room 16, first floor. Chronicle bldg.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
AVOID delays: try all others, then see me; $50 to
$100,000; 6 per cent: Ist, 2d or chattel mort-
gages; estates in probate, undivided Interests in
estates, legacies and mortgages 1 ught: advice
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan, 636 Markt.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market St.; telephone Main 1644;
branch 19 Third st.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser: also on diamonds, watches and
Jewelry. MQRRELL. 609 Examiner building.
ON real estate, Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount:
lowest rates. BECKER & CO., 26 Montg'y.
PIANOS at auction prices in storage cheap for
cash. WILSON'S Storage, 1710 Market st.
ALL propositions, small or large; salaries;
rents. KLOTH, 220 California St., room 7.
LOANS on furniture, pianos, jewelry, stock: low
rates. J. H. EPSON. 1209 Broadway. Oakland.
A RELIABLE place to borrow money on dia-
monds. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth.
$50 TO $30,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2.1 mortgs. ;
any proposition. DRYDEN, 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
MONEY loaned salaried people on ;..eir notes
without Indorser. TOUSLEY, 692 Parrott big.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year!
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $9
cash and $6 per month, we as* you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3 $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO
Eteinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutler
Bts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
A FEW bargains for this week.
Three organs, $50 up.
Steck; nearly new; walnut case.
6 squares. $40 up; 54 per month.
Four new Webers; reasonable offer accepted.
One Chickering; mahogany case.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CH\ <
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grade*
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tha
customer.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
DURING this week we offer all kinds of
musical Instruments at greatly reduced prices
to make room for new stock: get our prices
» a « buying. ZENO MAUVAIS Music Co,
769 Market st.
1 A DECKER & SON Piano is the one to buy
when a flrst-claes article is desired For sale
only at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
FINE Steinway upright left by party; sacrl-
flced. Room 12. Flood building.
A ~, $45^;n Tp^ R ? GHT: 1 " 1061 new; $150 cash. Ap-
ply 2330 Folaom st.
A-SSS-UPRIGHT piano in fine condition: also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st
A « PR HT ?-,, $69 up; installments. $5 75 up:
rents, $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 136 Ellis.
W ttv°- BA £ GER - 412 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
LARGE church organ used at Mechanics' Fair;
a bargain. BYRON MAUZY, 308 Post st. __
BA » RGA < l? f ~ u Prlght: cheap. SCHMITZ. IS
McAllister at., next Hlbernia Bank. _
SO s R . Byron Mauzy and other pianos. SOS
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
— — .— maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES. AND STORES TO LET.
PLACE suitable for coaT~yar^Pbet~Howar4PALMISTRY.
MICE-. N^ R £ AA^Tpupir of Count St. Oer^
main -^ file Geary ■*•• above Jones; classes;
ortt-.y hourn. 1 to 8 p. m.; reading by mall. $1.
personals;
S'-tUP^^ a refined . capaWeT^m^io^in^
middle-aged woman a position as house-
keeper; country preferred. Box -'73. Call.
MRS. L. J. WHEKLOCK has romoved La Verlte
Parlors to IHO Market; phone Folsom 446
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenilk-wove rugs silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain at lowest
Jttte*. CEO. MATTHEWS, 709 Fifth. Oaklan!
l__l_i_i___tl_____l^f^^?
r_&_fm£3FE? na ' rdr * s s'ns Parlors; latest
stales 2oc; halrdresalng at residence, $1 5"
OTlce dressed, with shampoo, 50c; shampooing
g short hair, S5o;; manicuring.-! g_VlB ■kton
MASSAGE given at your residence- 16 Years'
experience; rheumatism successfully t-ea'ed
Address C. J. McLAUGHLIN, 507 Jones st
M . I^ E -,^ LAIUE BERTRAND. manicure par-
lors : _2jWvearny st.. first floor, room 2-3
K y : .9 ANT remnants for suits. $10 73; pants
*.» .5 or overcoats. $12 50; made to order :
samples sent to Interior. One Price Tailoring
Market st.. St. Nicholas Hotel S
JOHN L. BOONS. Patent. TradmartT"
Attorney at Law. and Copyright
No. 4 Sutler st.. Laws a Speciality
Bin- Francisco. Cat American and Foreign
Send for circular. Patents Solicited
E^r C pT lights In every room: Winchester
-It 1 s, hird Bt.. near Market; 100 rooms;
jSc to $1 o0 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week
free bus «n3 baggage to and from the ferry.
WORKS of art worth $100,000 on exhibition at
Palace of Art. 16 Post st. Ladies with escorts
admitted from 8:30 p. m. to 11:30 U. m. E.
Ii A*J* hi 1
SLAUGHTER in unredeemed pledges. Jewelry,
clothing, etc., for amount loaned and lnter-
eat. CUT RATE LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason.
MRS. BENNETT. 1165 Mission-Cancer "cure"!
days; no knife, no caustics: references.
ALL gents wishing to marry wealthy send 10c
for latest list. MRS. HERTZ>, 706 Ellis st
HIRSDTINE CO., hair specialists, grow hair
or no ray; book for stamp. 6 Eddy st.
DR. C. A. McQUE has returned and re-
sumed practice. Offlee, 317 Powell st.
A. KLEIN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools
and old gold; send for him. 109 Sixth st.
ANTIQUE and curiosity shop; goods bought,
sold, exchanged. 525 Dupont St.. nr. Cal.
PAINTING and paper hanging; rooms papered,
$2 DO up. JENSEN & BATH. SOS Sixth st.
INCRUSTATION— New Invention for china dec-
orators. See S. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansome st.
LACHMAN & CO.. mfrs. of fine furs and seal
garments; also remodeling. 104 Kearny st.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
Ing, call on B. COHEN. 157 Third St.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no Injec-
tion; guarantd. Dr. Gordin, 514 Pine.ab.Krny.
BUTTS to order on easy installments. L.
LKMOS. 1117 Market st.. bet. 7th and Bth.
WANTED— OId jrold for manufa'ng. O. Nolte,
J'»''!t. ?4C O-F.Trrell. bet. Powell & Mason.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
FINEST and fullest stock: square deal and"
prompt service; country orders our specialty;
catalogue free. Cal. Camera Co.. 22 Geary st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
1021U Market st Let. Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALES.
SOL GBTZ * BROTHER,
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
New lots, superb locations. lowest prices.
$3'K) to $Soo— Sunset Heights lots from Sev-
enth to Nineteenth ayes".. ready to build
cc; $25 down, $10 monthly.
Branch Office. Ninth aye.. near H st. Every
day and Sunday.
$400 to $700— Richmond lots. $10 monthly.
$75 to $300— Ocean Boulevard lots, $5 monthly.
$100 to $250— Misfcion st. and Ocean View lots,
$5 monthly.
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
BOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
C S. CAPP & CO.,
HEAL ESTATE AGENTS AND RENT COL-
LECTORS,
NO. G3O MARKET STREET,
Offer for Sale:
FIXE LOT, sunny side McAllister St., b~-
tween Fillmore and Steiner; 40x137:6; suitab..-
for residence and garden; good neighborhood;
cars handy; cheap.
MISSION, W side, bet. 17th and 18th «U. ; i-
story bay window house; S rooms and bath; |
already business property.
FOURTEENTH (>t.. between Mission and :
Howard; old established grocery with rooms j
and flat above: cheap.
LYON, bet. Bush and Pine; fine one-story
residence: 7 rooms and bath.
EIGHTH aye., bet. Point Lobos and Clem-
ent; oars to park and Cliff House pass.
GUERRERO St., within one block and a half
from Market st. ; lot 45x76; good place for flats.
CORNER LOT facing the park; Fortieth
aye. and H; cars pass.
TWENTY CHEAP bay window cottages at
the Mission.
NEW CORNER FLATS
$4?00; RENT $540 A YEAR
$1000 CASH, HAL. MONTHLY
Five and nine rooms each, with all modern
conveniences. F. NELSON, builder, corner
Twentieth and Castro sts.
FOR ?ale— s-room, hard-finished cottage: lot
2'xilr. ; street graded and macadamized. 14S
Sagamore st., Ocean View; near station.
|l<(00 — $14 per month: 4 room?. 9-foot basement.
barn, Btalls for 2 horses; lot 20:3 by 114 feet.
Particulars 400 Thirtieth st.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park.
w*st of First aye.. and you wish to sell them,
call on W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery st.
VAN NESS aye.; $1.10 front foot: Bt. bltumln-
\z-i\ and sewered. Apply 2740 Van Ness aye.
HEAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
FOR sale— COO acres of grazing or dairying land
in i thorn part of Humboldt County. Cal.;
large outside pasture; good climate; plenty of j
wood and water: long time if desired. MAR- I
TIN R. JAOER, 110 Taylor st.
20 ACRES: produced 9 tons of dried fruit and j
30 tons of hay this season; good house and
other buildings. T. A. BELL, room 612. Ex-
amlr.er building.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEK_fcU'ING.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement! and
mbscriptlons has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Bts. Open till 9 p. m.
BUSH 2526—2 nicely furnished sunny front
room's; light housekeeping; adults only.
CHESTNUT 2V3 — 2 or more furnished rooms
for housekeeping; cheap; fine house: cor, bldg.
CLAY 2421 . in rear, near Fillmore— unfur- j
nished upper rooms; water: rent $7.
EDDY, Three large, sunny, well-furnished
rooms for housekeeping; yard.
ELLIS, 322— Modern housekeeping apartments;
newly furnished; 2. 3 or 4 rooms.
FIFTH, 213— Furnished housekeeping; I . con-
necting. $13: alto single. $5 to $7. -
FIFTH. ?.ih— Suite, of rooms, furnished for
housekeeping; complete; rent cheap.
FELL, ll<\ near Van New Sunny room, house-
keepirif if desired; single. $5; double. $8.
FOURTH. 225— Furnished room for light house-
keeping; also single.
FULTON, 218— Nicely furnished rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; 2 to 5 rooms.
HOWARD, 704. cor. Third— Nice large fur-
nished rooms; also keeping rooms.
HOWARD, 1061—2 or 3 sunny furnished or an- i
furnished rooms. .
HYDE, 40S— Sunny unfurnished rooms; also
parlors. ' :
JESSIE, 373. near Fifth and Market— House- ,
ke'eplng, »; single. f5, $6.
LARK! 326— Clean sunny housekeeping apart- j
ments; $16 to $25 per month: central. j
LEWIS, IS. off Taylor, near Post— 3 sunny
front rooms, furnished. $13; stove.
McALLISTER. 424— Nice sunny rooms furnished
for housekeeping; resp. family: price $15.
MISSION. E6l, near Second— Furnished house- j
keeping rooms; also single; cheap. j
MISSION, v.:* ~'i side rooms, completely fur-
nished for housekeeping; bath: sun all day.
NINTH 119— Beautiful sunny rms.; nicely fur-
nished: $1 25, $5 week; also housek'p; phone.
I'ERRY, 174— Large front room; kitchen com-
plete; hot and cold water; including bath.
POLK, — Two connecting furnished rooms;
housekeeping: also bedroom; cheap.
SFVENTII, 192— One large unfurnished room; •
ekpg. rms. _ suites MRS. PRAHL. prop.
STOCKTON. 603— Nice sunny rooms, single or j
double, furnished or unfurnished; also house- j
keeping. - |
SUTTER, 191— Sunny r bay-window room for
houseitefijirig': reasonable. [
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
Van NESS, 402—3 sunny connecting rooms;
complete for housekeeping; large yard.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
ROOMS TO LET Furn. and Infnrn.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Btß. Open till 9 p. m.
AN up-to-date new fire-proof building— "San
Antonio"; opening Oct. 14; electric elevator;
hot and cold water: radiators and'eoal grates;
rates reasonable. 21 Taylor st., near Market.
BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per night: $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor Bts.—
Homelike house; modern service, elevator;
bath; rooms 50c to $150 day. MRS. J. KING.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished nns.. suites, single; also unfurnished. |
CARROLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate !
aye.— Sunny corner; well furn. rms. & offices, j
CASTRO 303 corner 16th— One or more rooms;
private family; grate; good view; reasonable.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY 123 (United States Hotel)— Clean, neat
rooms; $1 50 week up; elevator day and night.
EDDY, 210—2 parlors, 1 single room; neatly
furnished. ■■.." .- - ;
FIFTH. 119, second flat— Neatly furnished bay-
window rooms, $1 60 up.
FULTON, 431— A single front room for a gentle-
man. .'■■'-'.' -'•
GEARY. 405 (The Comfortable furn.
rooms: travelers accommodated. MRS. HYER.
GEARY 556— Elegant sunny suite rooms for
housekeeping, piano, phone; other gunny rooms.
GRAND SOUTHERN— Southeast cor. Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
tingle; ladles' parlor; reading room: elevator. ;
HANCOCK House, 7SI Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 60 to $6 per week.
HARRISON, 7844. near Fourth— fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; all latest im-
provements; $1 week up.
HOWARD. 715—200 Bunny rooms; nicely fur-
nished; every convenience; electric lights.
HOWARD, 2C28 — 2 nicely furnished rooms, with
bath and gas: reasonable: reference.
HUGHES. House. 214 Third— Newly renovated;
25c to EOc per night: $1 50 to $3 per week.
HYDE 133— Comfortably furnished rooms; quiet
and homelike; light housekeeping permitted.
JESSIE 315H— Nicely furnisned rm?.; modern
conveniences: must be yeen to be appreciated.
KEARNY, 230— Single sunny front suits and
housekeeping rooms; also offices.
LARKIN, 433— Nicely furnished bay window
housekeeping rooms; rent reasonable.
McALLISTER, 613— A large furnished front
room with gas, grate, running water and
bath, suitable for two; gentlemen preferred.
MCALLISTER, Nicely furnished front
room?; quiet and homelike; gents preferred.
MCALLISTER. "02%— Sunny furnished or un-
furnished rooms; suite or single; private fam.
McALLISTER, 1034— Large nicely furnished
room; large closet; hot, cold water; gas;
rent $6.
MINNA. 6fi7, corner Eighth— furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 1220— Large alcove room: grate; run-
ning water; also single room: reasonable.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished. 35c day up; $3 week up; transient.
NINTH, 72— Nicely furnished sunny single front
room: private family; $6 month.
OAK. 116— New elegantly furnished sunny bay- •
window room; rath, gas; gentleman preferred. I
O'FARRKLL, 504— Nicely furnished rooms; rea-
sonable; must be seen to be appreciated.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis -Incandescent
ll^ht, reading-room. smoking-room and
ladle*-' parlor, rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50;
week, $2 to $8; month. $S to $30; elevator on
office floor: rooms with hot, cold wat.; baths. I
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished. ;
THE Ooks 119 Third— A good rooming house |
for good people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
THIRD. 303— Housekeeping rooms. $2 per week,
also single rooms for men. $1 per week.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lenola «t.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 46.
ALL kinds bought sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairlnc at lowest rates. 205 Fourth «t. ]
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.
I NICE private home In confinement: most rea-
sonable price in city. Mrs. M. Pfeiffer, mid-
wife. 2012 Folsom. nr. 16th; phone White 1344.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made: j
city or country- PACIFIC COLLECTION ;
CO.. 415 Montgomery "t.. moms 9-10: tel. 5.'20.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storape and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post. cor. Powell: tel. Main 5713.
TO LEASE.
TO rent— acre*. 10 In vineyard, 45 miles
from city., with all stock and implements, at ;
$25 per acre, cash. Apply at I*l4 Powell st.
WATCH REPAIRING.
WATCHES cleaned 75c: guaranteed 2 year*.
The Roy Jewelry and .Optical Co.. 540 Kearny.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALA.MEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1800— LOT £oxlso. with large cottage of «
rooms and bath; stable, windmill, tank, etc.
$2500— Lot 48x115; fine 2-story house 8 rooms
and bath; near station; must be sold at once;
worth $4000.
$2SOO— Lot 40x150, on Morton st., bet. the rail-
roads, with fine new modern cottage 7 rooms; j
' $500 cash, balace $25 per month.
$3350— L0t 40x150; Morton St.. near Santa !
: Clara aye.; elegant new house of 8 rooms; j
; $500 cash, balance $30 per month. Houses to
' let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL _ CO.. 1432 Park St.
" ALAMEDA HOUSES.
HOUSE 6 rooms; bath; rent $15. 2113 Clem-
ent aye.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladles in delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. DR. FUNKS, 1416 Bth.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
dlKKllli ADTLallbUlfcMo
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
ONLY . $167E— Cottage house of 6 rooms; large
lot; on the sunny side of street; only 5 min-
utes' from university; a bargain. JOS. J.
' MASON, Real Estate, adjoining postoffice,
• Berkeley. • '
A NEW map of beautiful Berkeley, showing
the proposed extension of the university
grounds, can be had by sending a 2c stamp to
JOSEPH J. MASON, Real Estate, adjoining
P. P.. Berkeley.
BERKELEY BOUSES TO LET.
FOR rent— desirable location house of nine
rooms, bath, laundry and storeroom, with sta-
ble, chicken house and large yard; convenient i
to trains and university grounds. Apply O.
G. MAY _ CO., Berkeley station.
i FOR rent, in desirable location, house of nine !
rooms, bath, laundry and storeroom, with |
stable, chicken-house and large yard; con-
venient to trains and university grounds. Ap-
ply to J. R. LITTLE. Berkeley station.
FRUITY ALE ADVERTISEMENTS
i i
FRMTTALE REAL - VIE.
$200 CASH, $1120 monthly, will buy a lovely
■ home; modern house of 9 rooms, bath, pantry,
closets, sanitary plumbing; large lot; best
neighborhood; lovely surroundings; cam pass
the door: sewered, street work all done; city
water; climate the best; price, all told, $2000;
- let us show you this home; will consider ex-
. change. H. Z. JONES, owner. 455 Seventh
St.. near cor. Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND HOITBBB TO LET.
[ HANDSOME residence, 9 rooms, bath, barn; CB9
I 24th. Inquire R. Franke. 1622 Grove: rent low.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALe!
AN Introduction to you from H. Shellhaas, the
furniture dealer," 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
THE SAX FEAKCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 26. 1899.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OFFICE— OO3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
A— s7s CASH, $7 50 montWy; 118x515 feet; grove
?f trees; 300 feet new 6-foot high board fenc-
ing: fronting on 3 streets: single dwelling; ■
just the thing for a bachelor; site, climate
and soil none better; plenty, of good water; I
near electric cars; 90-foot wide boulevard;
schoolhouse: price $600 in all; AUendale Tract, j
Adjoining East Oakland. Call or send for cir- i
cular, 465 Seventh st., near cor. Broadway,
Oakland; carriage free. HENRY Z. JONES,
Ow*ner.
SACRIFICED— 4 elegant new houses In count
of construction on 23d st., bet. Grove and
West; all modern Improvements; street work,
sidewalks done; email payment down; balance
monthly If desired; houses open for Inspection
10 to 4 Sundays. J. H. SIMPSON, 515 20th.
$2650— EXCELLENT neighborhood: 7-room
house; bath, modern plumbing; lot 60x125;
stable; close to trains, schools, etc; Its cheap
at $3500; only $2650 asked for. J. S. MYERS.
1002 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
FOR sale— New house of 9 rooms on Fruitvale
aye.; 10 minutes' walk from station; lot 98x
130; horse, surrey and cart and carpets; must
sell. Box 811. Call. '-
DIVIDEND NOTICES^
TO the shareholders of the Independent Red
Men's Hall Association.' In the last regular
meeting of the above association a dividend I
was declared of 35 cents per share, payable
on the 27th of this month at S o'clock p. m.
In Red Men's Hall. 510 Bush st.
H. GRIEB, President.
B. A. SAMMANN, Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice-Dividend No. 98 (50c per
share) of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COM-
PANY will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market st., on and after
WEDNESDAY, November 1, 1599. Transfer
books will close on THURSDAY, October 26,
1599, at S o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
IN the Strperior Court of the city and county
of San Francisco. State of California. In th*
matter of WESTERN BEET SUGAR COM-
PANY, a corporation, upon Its application for
a Judgment of dissolution. • Notice— Notice li
hereby given that WESTERN BEET SUGAR
COMPANY, a corporation organized and ex-
isting under and by virtue of the laws of the
State of California, and having its office and
place of business In the city and county of
San "Francisco. State of California, has filed
a verified application addressed to the Supe-
rior Court of the city and county of San
Francisco, State of California, praying for
a judgment of dissolution of -aid corporation,
and that MONDAY, November 13, 1599. at 10
o'clock a. m.. at the courtroom of said court,
Department No. 2. In the City Hall of the
city and county of San Francisco, have been
appointed as the day. time and place for th»
hearing of raid application.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed the official seal of said Su-
perior Court this 10th day of October. 1899.
WM. A. DEANE. Clerk.
By E. M. THOMPSON, Deputy Clerk.
[Seal.]
PROPOSALS.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA^ *7
BERKELEY.
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS. BUILDERS
f AND MATERIAL MEN.
Notice Is hereby given to all concerned that
pealed proposals or bids are solicited for the
erection of an addition to the Chemical Labo-
ratory building on the University grounds,
Berkeley, Col., and for performing the labor |
and furnishing the materials necessary there-
for: and said bids or- proposals will be re-
ceived nt the office of the Acting Secretary of
the Regents of the University. In South Hall,
Berkeley, Cal., at or before 3:30 o'clock p. m.,
of the 6th day of November, 1899.
And notice Is hereby further given that the i
plans and specifications of said buildings have :
been made and adopted and are placed In the 1
office of Curlett _ McCaw, architects. 314
Phelan building, San Francisco, where the '
same may be seen and examined during each
day, from 10 o'clock a. m. until 4 o'clock
p. m.. from this date until day of
No bids or proposals will be considered un- i
less the same are accompanied by a certified
check or a bond of said proposer In the sum j
of ten (10) per cent of, his proposal, with suf-
ficient sureties, conditioned that, if said bid or
proposal shall be accepted, the party pro-
posing will duly enter Into a proper contract
to faithfully perform the duty and obligations
In accordance with said proposal, and plan I
and specifications, which shall be and are
hereby required to be a part of such con-
tract. The right to reject any and all bids Is
hereby reserved.
This notice is given pursuant to an act. en-
titled "An act to amend an act entitled an
act to create and organize the University of
California." approved March 25, I*6B, and an !
act amendatory of section 25 thereof, approved
March 28, 1572, relating to the construction of
buildings, approved March 3, 1597.
By order of the Committee on Grounds and
Buildings of the Board of Re— nts.
E. A DENICKE, Chairman.
W. A. McKOWEN. Acting Secretary.
Dated October 24. 1899.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
> Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Houghton Sawyer and Ursula Greene 28-22 !
Flrmln Fan and Zi<?rmaln« Fourgous 25-23
R. A. Tobta end Delia M. Rooney $8-26
F. H. Adams and Anostasla Welsh 35-80 i
Albert T. Garcia and Louise Avancina 21-2U j
Alexander J. Garden and Mary F. Mahon.. i
Arthur H. P. WoodnAf and Emma Muth. .29-22 I
J. E. Dlckleson and Henrietta M. Coburn. .28-27 :
Charles A. Kinnear and Eunice E. Coady. .23-19
Carlo Tamborinl and Mary Plcettl 29-23 '
Carroll W. Albers and Anna E. Mehlwlts.. 26-23
H. H. Luecke and Char!' Schuyler 23-21 ;
Nathaniel B. Lucas and soledad M. Tanner.2J-2:; '
Arnold Keechler and Josephine Relbll 27-1S
John W. Engler and Mary McFadden 30-21 :
William L Wheeler and Charlotte Dahl ■■■■27-27
BIRTHS— MARRIAG-ES— DEATHS. !
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be \
indorsed with the name and residence of per- ;
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
McLAIN— In this city. October 17, 1899, to the
wife of F. McLain, a son.
MERRILL— this city, October 23. 1899, to
the wife of George A. Merrill, a son.
MOROSCO— In this city. October 24. 1599. to the
wife of Harry W. Morosco, a son.
_________
MARRIED.
JUNKER— YON PLOENNIES— In this city, Oc-
tober IS. 1859, by the Rev. Dr. Lion. Frederic
Junker Jr. and Albertina yon Ploennies.
WOODRUFF— MUTH— In this city, October 25,
1899. by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson, D.D.,
| Arthur H. P. Woodruff of Oakland and Em-
ma Muth of San Antonio, Texas.
I
_____
DIED.
Boyce, Annie Larsen. Johanna
Erlanger. Herman McElrath. Ellen
Farrtngton, Sarah B. McGee. James
Galvln. Mary McLeod. Addlson F.
Gately. Alice McMahon, John M.
Greig, William Moran. Julia
Healy. Catherine Murphy. Jeremiah
Jacobson, Harold Myio, Daniel
Jenne, George O. " Tasker, Augusta
Lacey.. Alice M. J. •
BOYCE— this city, October £4, 1899, Annie,
beloved wife of the late George Boyce. mother I
of Rita G. Boyce, and sister of Joseph, Chris-
topher, Lizzie and Henry Stanton, a native of |
San Francisco, aged 21 years 7 months and 9
days.
ip~Ftlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of the
Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mission street, thence
to St. Rose's Church for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
ERLANGER— In Redwood City, October 25,
1599, Herman Erlanuer, a native of Buchau,
Wurtembcrg, Germany, aged 72 years 9
months and 25 days.
CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
FARRINGTON— In Alameda, October 25, 1899, f
Sarah B. Farrington, mother of James W. j
Farrlngton, a native of Boston, Mass., aged '
71 years. :
• (_TNotlce of funeral hereafter.
GALVIN— In this city, October 24. 1899, Mary
Galvln, a native of Ireland, aged 69 years.
GATELY— In this city, October 25. 1899. Alice,
beloved wife of John F. Gately, and sfster
of Joseph F. and Augustus F. eagle, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 28 years.
(C?* Friends and acquaintances are respect- I
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi- i
dence. 703 Davis street, thence to St. Fran- i
cis Church, where a requiem high mass will i
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com- |
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery. Oakland. •
GREIG — In Llvermore, cal., October * 23, .1891,' •
William Grelg of Victoria, B. C..-a native of j
Glassrpw, Scotland, aged 42 years and 6 I
months.
HEALY— In this city, October 23. 1899, Cath- '
erine, relict of the late John Healy,' mother
of John, Frank and Patrick Healy and the
late James Healy, and grandmother of Maria
Healy, a native of Klllaturly, County Mayo,
Ireland, aged 82 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at S:3O o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 8 Alemany street, off Seventeenth, be-
tween Dolores and Church, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where mass will be .cele-
brated for the repose of her soul at 8 o'clock. i
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
JACOBSON— In this city. October 25, 1899, Har-
old Falkenberg, beloved son of Bernard and
Anctta Jaeobson, and brother of Bernard and
Ava Jacobson. a native of San Francisco. :
aged 3 years and 10 months.
iiiNRV J. GALLAGHiiR CO.,
(Successors to Flannagnn * Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
20 Fifth it., opposite Lincoln Sc_o«l. ■ •
Telephone South B<fc
JEXXE— In Oakland. October 24. 1899. George
C., beloved eon of Jacob and the late Honora
Jenne, and brother of Mrs. Annie F. Dunbar
and Theodore J. Jenne, a native of Brooklyn,
N. V.. aged 3S years 4 months and 16 days.
(r^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his brother, Theodore J. Jenne. 836 Seven-
teenth street. Oakland.
LACEY— In this city, October 24. 1599, Alice
M. J., dearly beloved wife of Charles H.
Lacey, mother of Maud, Frank, Ethel and
Leslie Lacey, daughter of the late Sarah and
Joseph Walker, and sister of Henry and Al-
bert Walker, a native of Melbourne. England,
aged 40 years 3 months and 3 days.
ICTFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1108H Treat avenue, between Twenty-
fcurth and Twenty-fifth Btreets. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LARPEX— In this city. October 25. 1599, Jo-
hanna Lars»n. mother of Charles J. Gottung, *
a native of Ireland, aged 46 years.
McELRATH— In this city, October 25. 1899,
Ellen, relict of the late John McElrath. and
dearly beloved mother of Frank J. McElrath,
a native of Ireland, aged 62 years.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1348 Jackson street, thence to St.
Bridget's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery- Please omit flow-
ers.
McOEE— In Berkeley, October 24, 1899, James,
beloved husband of the late Catherine McGee,
and father of Mary A. and Katie M. McGee,
a native of County Louth, Ireland, aged S5
years and 2 months.
[C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, corner Dwlght way and McGee avenue,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repos* of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oak-
land.
McLEOD— In this city, October 26, 1599, Addi-
son F. McLeod, a native of Canada, aged 31
years and 9 days .
E7"Remains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr &
Co DS7 Mission street, between Seventh and
Eishth.
McMAHOX— In the City and County Hospital,
October 25, 1599. John M. McMahon, a native
of Ireland, aged 65 years.
MORAX— In this city, October 25, 1899, Julia,
beloved wife of Michael Moran, mother of
Charles J. and Katheleen Moran. and sister
of Mrs. K. O'Notll and Daniel McCarthy of,
Oakland, a native of the parish of Tralee,
County Kerry, Ireland, aged 36 years.
(r_7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth street,
thence to Pt. Boniface's Church, Golden Gate
avenue and Jones street, where mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul at 8:45
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MURPHY— In this city, October 23, 1899. Jere-
miah, dearly beloved brother of Nellie Mur-
phy ami Mrs. Joseph Murphy, and brother-in-
law of Officer J. F. Murphy, a native of Ma-
croom. County Cork. Ireland, aged 28 years
and 6 months. (Boston papers please copy.)
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thurdsay), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his sister, Mrs. Joseph F. Murphy
ISI2 Fillmore street, thence to St. Dominic's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
COOPER Council No. 310, T. M. I.— Officers
and members are respectfully requested to at-
tend the funeral of our late brother, J. M
Murphy, this day (Thursday). October 26,
from 1812 Fillmore street.
M. J. NEUBAUER. President.
L. T. BROWN. Secretary.
MYLO— In this city. October 23, 1899. Daniel,
beloved husband of the late Lydla Myio, and
brother-in-law of Jennie O'Connor, a native
of Ireland, aged 42 years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:3" o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 232 Shipley street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church for services at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
TASKER— In this city, October 23. 1899, Au-
gusta, beloved wife of Dennis Tasker. sister
of Mrs. C. J. Burgess and Eugene W. Bur-
ris, nnd aunt of Mrs. Ida Anderson, a native
of San Francisco, aged 44 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this flay
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
ANNUAL TEA MEETING
AT HOWARD M. E. CHURCH
CHURCH EXTENSION SOCIETY
WTLL ENTERTAIN.
Programme Will Include a Reception
by the Ladies of the Church,
Devotional and Literary
Exercises.
The thirteenth annual tea meeting of
the San Francisco Church Extension So
ciety will be held this evening at Howard
Street M. E. Church and promises to be
an interesting affair.
The programme Includes a reception by
the ladles of the church at 5 o'clock, fol
lowed by devotional exercises at 6 o'clock,
conducted by Rev. John Stephens, pastor
of Simpson M. E. Church. There will be
an invocation by Rev. S. D. Ulrich, pas
tor of Richmond Methodist Church, after
which a collation will be served by the
ladles to the assembled guests.
The literary exercises will take place at
7:30 o'clock and the address of welcome
will be delivered by J. W. Whiting, presi
dent of the board of trustees of Howard
M. E. Church, and a response by Rev.
W. W. Case, D. D.. presiding elder of the
San Francisco district. After music by
the Howard street choir, President I. J.
Truman will deliver his annual address
and the treasurer's annual report will be
read by C. A. Maydwell. Robert McEl
roy will present resolutions on the late
Charles Goodall and the committee on
nominations will make its report.
The following addresses will then be de
livered:
"City Evangelization In Its Practical
Phases," J. N. Beard, D. D.. pastor Grace
Methodist Episcopal Church.
"The City Church Extension In Its Re
lation to Downtown and Suburban
Churches," Clarence T. Wilson, D. D.,
pastor Santa Monica Methodist Church.
"Spiritual Life In Our Plans and Church
Work," Rev. A. C. Bane, D. D., pastor
California Street Church.
"City Church Extension in Other
Cities," Rev. S. D. Hutsinplllar, D. D.,
pastor Central Methodist Church.
The exercises will close with prayer by
Rev. T. H. Woodward, pastor Trinity
Methodist Church. .
Following are the committees having
the meeting In charge: Annual Tea Meet
ing—William Abbott, C. B. Perkins. I. J.
Truman, W. M. Woodward, C. A. Mayd
well. Nominations— A. A. Knox, J. H.
Soper. Thomas Hodge, E. Brlggs, J. R.
Potter. Resolutions on Charles Goodall—
R. McElroy, C. B. Perkins, I. J. Truman,
William Abbott. J. W. Whiting, A. Nel
son. Resolutions— R. V. Watt, J. A. B.
Wilson, W. P. Hlgglnbotham, W. S.
Urmy, C. A. Wetmore. Howard
Street Choir. Musical Director— Professor
Martin Schultz.
SCENES IN JAPAN.
Examples of Work at the Bohemian
Club From the Studio of Theo
dore Wores.
An exhibition of pictures by Theodore
Worei?, consisting of scenes in Japan and
the Atlantic region of the United Stateß,
■was opened In the greenroom of the Bo
hemian Club yesterday. The pictures
will be there displayed until Saturday,
November 4. On Wednesday, November
1. Indies may visit the clubrooms between
2 and 5 p. m., when personally conducted
by members.
The list of paintings exhibited by *he
accomplished artist, is extensive, Indicat
ing that he unites talent and industry.
Much of Mr. Wores' early work was done
In San Francisco in the "eighties." His
pictures rained distinct recognition In
London, New York and Paris, where he
exhibited examples of his work in Japan.
The collection at the Bohemian Club rep
resents In a measure the scope of his
'abilities as an artist.
Banqueted Paymaster Cox.
F. N. Cox. assistant paymaster general,
U. S. A., was tendered a complimentary
dinner last night at the Hotel St. Nicho
las. The enjoyable affair also served the
purpose of a farewell reception to Major
Rlesß, who sails on the Hancock for
Manila, where he will assume the duties
of treasurer of the archipelago.
The guests, nil of whom are assistant
paymasters, were Majors Howell. Fish*
beck. Gilbert, Monihan, Curry, Plckett,
Ray and Reiss.
His Hands Badly Burned.
M. May. who lives at ISI Grove street,
was frightfully burned about the hands
and arms laßt nlgtit while preparing lini
ment over an oil stove. The liniment ig
nited, and to prevent it from setting the
huuse on fire May grabbed the pan In
which it was burning and rushed into the
street. Dr. Dray dressed his burns.
REVOLUTIONISTS
ARE SUCCESSFUL
Andrade Is on His Way
to New York.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PONCE, Porto Rico, Oct. 25.— News ha 3
1 been received here concerning the sue
! cessful revolution in Venezuela and say
. ing it is reported that ex-Pre.sident An
j drade anQ his staff are on board the
steamer Caracas, which sailed from La
Guayara for New York via San Juan and
I Ponce, Porto Rico.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 25.-The Venezu
i elan legation here is in an anomalous con
: dition since the success of the Venezuelan
I revolution. Minister Andrade is a brother
I of President Andrade, who fled before the
I revolutionary general, Castro, who has
: taken control of the Government. It is as
. sumed that the Minister will retire, but
! there has been no outward change thus
\ far.
The Minister has been in Paris some
' time and is expected back shortly. His
! residence in lowa Circle has been given
i up, although the legation office is still
; maintained by Senor Pulido, the charge
1 d'affaires. As Pulido Is chosen by Gen
' eral Castro for Minister of War, he is
believed to be a near relative of the
charge here, and his interests are not
likely to suffer by the upheaval.
BRUTAL WIFE AND MOTHER.
Forces Her Paralyzed Husband to
Slave for Money to Buy-
Whisky for Her.
I A terrible case of destitution was
I brought to light yesterday afternoon,
whei^.Ofncer McMurray entered the base
ment of 838 Mission street for the purpose
I of investigating the reports made to him
! by ladies of the Church of the Advent.
! The basement is occupied by the Tom-
I linson family— father, mother and daugh
ter Juanita, the latter a child of 10 years.
I Sara Tomlinaon, the mother, takes In
! washing; that is to cay, she collects the
clothes from her customers and gives
them to her paralyzed husband, Joseph,
who washes and irons them. As he is
j crippled from the hips down, he has to be
Dropped up in bed to perform these task?.
The money thus earned is spent for liquor
by the woman, who, when drunk, is in the
habit, so it is' alleged, of beating the
j child unmercifully.
The man was found by the officer sitting
up in a filthy bed in a disordered, un
ventllated room, while his wife lay on a
i broken couch in a state of intoxication.
| Joseph Tomlinson was for fifteen years
! porter for Nathan, Dohrmann & Co., only
: leaving their employ two years ago, when
j compelled to do so by the progress of his
! disease. The only son of the couple is an
! able seaman on the Olympla, and served
with Dewey at the battle of Manila Bay.
He has been in the habit of sending home
Jin monthly, which was promptly con
fiscated by the woman.
Mrs. Tomlinson was taken to the City
Prison, where a charge of cruelty to
children will be entered against her. Offi
cer McMurray saw that the old man and
i the child were cared for last night, and
to-day they will be removed, the girl, if
possible, to some orphnn asylum and the
man to the City and County Hospital.
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
The Boers as They Beally Are
By Miss Sannie Kruger.
Miss Kruger is a niece of
Oom Paul Kruger and recently
came to San Francisco to be
edupated. In next Sunday's
Call she writes interestingly
of life in her native land.
VANDEWATER' S GOOD LUCK.
Centerville's Sheriff Cleverly Cap-
tures Gus Seamans, Wanted
for Burglary.
Sheriff Vandewater of Centerville came
to the city yesterday looking for .1 crim
inal, and last night he arrested his man
I without the aid of the local police. The
' Sheriff was searching for Gup Seamans,
' a noted crook, who is wanted in Center
! vllle for burplary.
Sheriff Vandewater called on Captain
Bohen on arriving in town to secure a
: picture of Seamans from the rogues' gal
i fery. Detective Ryan was detailed to as
sist the Sheriff, and together they started
i out to find Seamans. The manhunters
! separated, and shortly afterward the
1 Sheriff ran directly into his man on
I Fourth street, and placed him Under ar
rest. He was taken back to Centervllle
last night.
For the Bands of Mercy.
The ladles of the San Francisco Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals
have about completed arrangements for
the entertainment to be given in Metro-
I polltan Temple on the evening of Novem
j ber 2. Tlfe purpose Is to raise funds for
! the purchase of 50,000 badges for the chil
dren of the Bands of Mercy. The following
have volunteered to assist in the enter-
I tainment: Miss Alma Bergiand. Miss
i Grace Frances Nutting. Knickerbocker
: Male Quartet, Armand A. Solomon, Miss
Mollie E. Pratt, Miss Rena Van der
Nalllen. Cyrus Brownlee Newton. Profes
sor J. B. Francis' Mandolin Club of thirty
pieces, Miss Gertrude Gallagher, Mrs.
i C. J. Kalghin. Little Dodle Scholz and
Dora Van der Naillpn.
Surveying Indian Reserves.
T. H. Ward, deputy surveyor general,
has just returned from a long surveying
expedition in Humboldt County. Acting
under special orders from the Department
of the Interior, he has been subdividing
the lands of the Hoopa Valley Indian
Reservation Into twenty and forty-acre
holdings for the benefit of Uncle Sam's
wards. At least two-thirds of the reser
vation has thus been surveyed. The en-
I tire reserve is rich In timber, gracing and
i agricultural lands and the Indians are
rapidly taking to the ways of their Indus
trious civilized brothers.
Fire Marshal's Return.
Fire Marshal Towe, after a rlx weeks'
vacation in the East, has returned to his
arduous duties very much improved in
health by the trip and with his mind full
of new ideas for the betterment of his
work In the future. He visited Boston,
New York, Philadelphia, Chicago and
Salt Lake City, and was everywhere cor
dially received and every opportunity af
forded him for gathering information.
Builders' Contracts
Frank T. Keane (ownor) with W. A. FTleks
(contractor), architect P. M. Stanley— All work
for n fivj-room frame cottage on lot on NW
nrner nf No* and Twenty-first streets, W 31
by X 101:6. M B 111: $1700.
F. H. Woods (owner) to Richardson & Gale
(contractors), architects Percy & Hamilton—
Exravatlng, bulkh»ading, concrete and brick
work for a pix-story brlok building on lot on
N line of Geary street, 120 E of Grant avenue.
E 35. N 62:6. E 20, N GO, W 50. S 60, W 16,
S 62:6; $2882.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
Continued from Page Eight.
FOREIGN PORTS.
MANlLA— Arrived Oct 25— Haw stmr Aztec,
hence Sept 17. Oct 24 — U 8 stmr Grant, bence
Sept 25.
Sailed Oet 26— U S stmr Orant, for Iloilo.
NANAIMO— SaiIed Oct 34— Stmr Mtneola, for
Port Los Anceles.
Arrived Oct 25— Nor stmr Tltanla, hence Oc
tober 21.
TRANS-ATLANTIC ST&AMERB.
LONDON— Arrived Oct 25— Stmr Manltou,
from New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Oct 25 — Stmr Oceanic,
from New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Oct 25— Stmr St
Paul, from New Ynrk.
AUCKLAND— Arrived Oct 25^-Stmr Marlpo
sa, from San Francisco.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 25— Stmr Lahn,
from Bremen, etc.
Sailed Oct 25— Stmr New York, for Southamp
ton; stmr Kensington, for Antwerp; sttnr Ma
jestic, for Liverpool.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Oct 25— Stmr Bar
' barrossa, from Bremen, for New York.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
-^^^ The Original
— America's favorite and most
r^lW&&\sV r popular brand of beer — a-
SgJfi3§*F?*^Q delicious beverage, nutritious,
jf\ ™ pure and healthful. Its sales
exceed those of all other American brands.
The King of Bottled Beers.
ANHEUSER-BUSCH BREWING ASS% ST. LOUIS, U.S.A.,
makes a specialty of fine bottled beer for family and club use.
j£S^ //- IL/*^ • ■ —the great Malt Tonic, universally recommended by
t/fij(j6Z'2L'\£ft%£-fi& physicians for the weak and convalescent— ii the
• *^ * product of this association.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL..
J H LlndlE;. Yosemlte R M Holmes. <">maria
A O Palbery. Everett C O Qreer, Lob Ang
Mrs Oldham, Stockton H L Emery. Laurel
Miss Oldham, Stooktn C Greene, Oakland
J T Oldham. Storkton J MeCudd^n. Vallejo
8 H Pavls. Sacto Mr* McCud.len. Vallejo
N A Chapman, Colusa J Hunter, Vallejo
G A Smith, Court land Mrs F Hunter, Vallejo
W R Shlpman, Mass |C D Stuart. Cal
C A Palm & w. Cal M F Sanders, i'al
A Ehle & w, Chicago Mrs Munrty. Cal
A Peiteer. Sacto M F Bowler. X V
Mrs C P Crane. Seattle J P Hick? *• w, Cal
XV' Hanseome & w, Chg.Mrs KcClatchy, Santo
C H Danforth. Wash Ml?s Md'hitchy, Sacto
H B Ward. Cal |Mrß L E Shaw. Cal
C B Kaufman, Menlo ; A Anderson. Sulsun
J Thomann, Cal Mrs A Anderson, Cal
A D Griffin. Reno iw A Bromflde & w,
T C Roberts, Cal I London
C M Taylor, Tucson H M<Ra<\ Rossland
M A Long, Los Ang IS May, Honolulu
R B Snow. Fresno :D V Humphries & val,
T A I'ierce. Fresno ! Honolulu
W McLean Manila J D Helder, XVhateom
R Croebl« & w, Londn G B riurke & w. Wash
Miss Barry. London O Schwinn. Huron
.1 L Grimes, Auburn C G Wllcox, Oil City
D J McFall. Nevada G R Wilton. Lr.s Ang
E C Eppes, I' S V T J Kirk & w, Sacto
J R Moore, McClurg U Thurlfitt. Reno
C A Reynolds. VS A W C Root. Grand Rap
W C Owens & fam, Mrs .1 N Dlnsmore, Cal
Carlln Mi*s Itinsmore, Cal
H B Wedner, VB A Mrs H McCarrtl, Kan
Mrs E L Peckham & P Dlnsmore, Cal
sons. Blackwell Q \V JMnrce, Pavis
E Freer, Australia |Miss B Q Haskell. Cal
S Blum, Martinez C A Palm * w. Sacto
L Prior, Tulart? J Thnmann. Bt Helena
T Lonj— nore, Hopiand C V Rm«"cninß. Cal
C W Avers. Sonora L E Cochran. Roston
<; W Crystal, <"al C MuLky. Nap*
A Meyer. Modesto B W Ral?ton. Kan Cty
T J Hick*. Oakland Mrs E W Steel-. Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
XV XV Foote, Oakland ! I) B Nixon, Nev
Mrs R C Hall, C'al .1 H Peaks. Sta Cruz
J B Watkins, Pacro ,W A Bowdtm, B Jose
T T Doyle, Oakland J Hoeninc. Germany
O J Smith, Ren.. M H Curley. Boston
B L Smith. Eureka P. I Wheeler * w,
E P Baker, Yreka Berkeley
J Bennett, Seattle W A Brewer, P Mnteo
Miss A Ketchinson, .1 F Caliahan, Boston
S.-attle Ml.-s l( M Donovan,
Mrs W Plgott, Seattle Ba*ton
M Simpson. Portland Miss W O Callahan,
T B Frank. Kans Boston
Mrs T V. Frank, Kans S Carlan. Groveland
F T Tr.wle, St Paul XV French. N V
Mrs F T Tow l. 8t Paul XV Read. London
E H Stagg, Johannes- B Lapham. N Tort
berg Mrs B Lapham. N V
XV Hamilton. Denver E A Doolman. Austra-
D S Jordan, Stanford lia
H J Small. Sarto
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
E L Robin*— l Seattle .7 8 DeaOtond, ?f-attle
J A HUckst.ick. Mara ;•: Scott & w. Prattle
E Gunt.-r. Havana J H Booth. Seattle
Pr XV <" On, i 'ntario J M Nemk. Seattle
H I> Hiimilton, Mont S H- Ballanl. Seattle
A Hamm'tt, M..nt .1 Flemmer. Seattle
H B Prullinger, Mnt T M Spellor. Alaska
J J Buchanan. Saoto L W Hizar. Alaska
P Dragovich, Cal C H Dor?. Seattle
S Rosenthal. San Jose Mist" Merdrtck. Seattle
Capt J Shea. Eureka S E Potter &w. XVash
V. X '•ipperly, San Jose D Ponohue A w, Towle
H Wilson. Pan Diego 7 E Buckner, Cal
J Herthman. N V W J Tibbetts, Or
H Kelly & w. Chicago
Petty Thief in the Tanks.
Georgo Green, a well-known petty thief,
was arrested last night at about 8 o'clock
on Grant avenue. Green entered a saloon
on Grant avenue near Post street and
stole four bottles of liquor from behind
the bar. The police suspect him of other
crimes.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
New
Fast
Train.
Via Rio Grande Western and Denver
and Rio Grande railways in connection
with Southern Pacific Company's limited
train, leaving San Francisco daily at 8
a. m.
Through Double Drawing-Room Sleeper.
Free Reclining-Chair Cars.
Perfect Dining- Car Service.
For information, rates, etc.. apply any
Southern Pacific agent, or No. 14 Montgomery
street.
W. H. SNEDAKER. General Agent.
Santa Fe Route
Icy 1 1 v^^* t
ffl y^' -' 'V IcLPAsa
IPv^SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO,
-' THB MOST COMFORTABLE WaY
ACROSS THE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULL-
MAN PALACE AND PULLMAN UP-
HOLSTERED TOURIST -CARS LEAVE
OAKLAND MOLE FOR CHICAGO AND
THE EAST. TAKE MARKET STREET
FERRY AT 580 P M.
DINING ROOMS AND DINING
CARS ARE MANAGED BY MR FRED
HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL.
Read Down. VAI-tET ROAD. Bead Up.
•7:20 am I 110:80 ami Stockton t8:*0 pm 6:06 pa
1:10 am j 2:06 pa Marced U*:10 pm 4:18 pa
10:40 am I 6:tt pa Fru— 0 «:00 am 2:4) pm
U:88 am I 7:46 pm Hanford , +7:00 am 1:45 pa
4:26 pm 111:80 am Bakeraflald 11:00 am 11:00 am
11:68 am «:26 pm Visalla |6:20 am 1:28 pa
12:15 pm H:6S pm Tula— |4:26 am «1 05 pm
•Daily. tExcept Sunday. {Except Monday.
San Francisco Ticket Offlce. 828 Market st}
T*l. Main lttL
Oakland Office. 1118 Broadway. i
Sacramento Office. 201 J st.
San Jom Offlo*. I West Santa Clara st.
fclUU.^t I AMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave Sun Francisco via Bausallto Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY. October L 1888.
WEEK DAYS— «:BO a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— I. OO. 10:00 a. m. and 1:16 p. m.
T*r* 8, F. to Summit and Return, 11 40. .
TUOS. COOK A BON. Aft*.. 631 Market st.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEABKTT »T. Established
i In 1554 for the treatment of Private
Dineuses, Lost Man bnod. Debility or
I disease wearing 011 mind and
Skin Diseases. doctor cures when :
others fall. Try him. ■ Charges low, :
I CarriiKaartinlrH. Callorwrlte.
Dr. J. t\ WIBBOST. Box 1937. San Francisco. 1
BAILROAD TBAVEIi.
»wi;thi;kn I'AdHi coaiPAMT.
(PACIFIC STSTEM.)
Trains leave mill are due to nrrlve »•'
NAN n:%>< is* «».
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street.)
wave — From October 15, 1899. — abuts
' *7:00 a. Eenlcia, Sulsun and Sacramento. . . . *7t43y
•7:OOa MarjETille, Orovllla via Woodland,
Elmira, Vacarillo and Kumsey.... # 7t43»
•7:OOa 6h»sta Eipress-Daris. Wmow^
Re.l Blufl. Portland »7i4s|i
•7:30 a Martinez, .Sau Ramon. Vallejo. Kara,
Caliatoga and San ta Kosa •8il3»
•8:»0a Tho Overland Limited— Ogden,
Omaha, Chicago •Stia»
*Bi3oa San .loss, Llvermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento, Plaoerrilla.
MiirysTlllo, Chico. lte.l Bluff MllO#
•8i:«0a •Milton, Oakdaleand Honors, Mtlftp
•9:OOa Haywards, Jfiles and Way Stations. •Ht4S^
•O:OOa Atlantic Express— Ojdeu and East **t49^
•9:00 a Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop. Stockton,
Merced and Fresno *1JI»13>
•OiOUa Fresno, UakerslleM, Har.ta Barbara,
Lob Angeles, Iteming, El Paso,
New Orleaus and East W. . . . •6»4!ip
•1 O:OOa Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations *7:1.1»
•1 1 :OOa Ilßvwards, Niles and Way Stations. •8i49jl
•12:00 m NUes, Llrermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Ilanford, Visalia, -
rcrtenrlllo •*!!»*
I :OOp Sacramento ltiterSte»mers 4SiOOr
•3:00 - Ilajvrard.s. Niles and Way Stations. A 3t43»
*4iOOr Martinez, Kan Itamon, ValleJo,
Nairn. Cullstoga. Haiita ltosa *9tla«
•l:OOr Bcnicia, Vacatiile, Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing,
MaryHYllle, OroTlllo •lOs«a
•4:30p Niles, Joaoand Stockton »7tiaJ
•3:OOpTIio Owl Limited— Fresno,
Uakemfleld, SatifH's for Santa Bar-
bara, Los niHD* I *Oi4SA,
•3:80p Stockton, Merced, Fresno •l»:l. -
-•StUOi' Martinez, Tncy', Mendota, Fresno,
Mojavo and Los Angeles *Si49^
•3i3Op Santa We Itonte— Atlantic K«i>rrss
for Mojato uikl Hub *•»••••» B»
•O:O0p TlaTTrards, Nlloo and San Jose # 7i4-1a
♦ 0:30 - V; Ik-Jo MBil»r
•o:3<)i- Oriental Mail-Ogden and East «»iOOr
17:00p ValleJo, l' L r'. Costa and Way Sta-
tions :Oi33|*
•8:03p Oregon and California ICx press, M «c-
-., , iiunentii. Maryßvllle, nodding,
rortlMinl. Pngot Semi i.l and Kant *91154
COAST DIVISION (Narrow «ange).
(Foot of Market Street.)
•8t I. la Newark, O-iitt-rYijlc, San. >o?o.lVlton,
Boulder Creek, San taOrui and Way
Stations # si3og
fSilSr Newark CenterTille, San Jose, New
Almflel!, Felton, Itoulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations f IO:5O*
••1 : 1 .1 p Newark. San Jose, Los Gatos. M)i»Oa,
II 1:1.1 1- Hunters Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations t7iBoy
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIR mtlClSCO— Feet of Market Strut (Slip —
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a. U. 11:53 *2:00 13:09
'•i:00 JO:C3 ♦6:ODf.M.
rr«fflollUKD— ro«lofßm»J»«7.— 8:00 10:OOi.U»
t!2:S3 '1:03 t3:00 '3:03 |l:08 'S:OQr.H.
COAST ItI VISION llroa.l Gauge).
(Third and Townscnd Sts.) '
tOtIOA Ocean View, South Han Francisco.. i«:80 4>
•7iO«a Sail .loso and Way SUtimis (New *
Almaden Wednesdays only) *ltSO^
•»tOM» Han Jose, Trcs Finos, Hanta Cm*, .. '
I'iicliic <!iove. l'aso Hobles, Kan
Luis oliliim, Surf, Lompoc and
rrineipal Wny Stations MilO»
•lOiIOa Sail Joss and Way Stations •«:33a
•I1:2!Oa San .)<>so mid Way Stations •oiBo#
tai4srS»n .Matro, Uedwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, Han Jose,
Tres Finos, Santn Cruz. Salinas,
Monterei and Pacific Grove {10:884
|!l:3O P Ban Jose and Way Stations # 7:8«»
! ti:ir>r .San Jose and Principal Way Stations *9:434
; Vl:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations tO:OOA.
*3:: tOp San .loso and Principal Way Stations *B:S3^
•O:ilOr San Jose ami Way Stations t»:O«A.
i11:45i» San Josennd Way Stations «7:»Oy
A for Moruine 1* for Afternoon.
• Dally. t Sunday excepted. t Sunday only. *■
b Saturday only.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN it. caa ,
LESSSIBI
SAI FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC}
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
6AN FRANCISCCTTO SAN RAFAEL. ' ".
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, »:00, U:00 a. m.: 12:53-
-8:30, 5:10, 6:80 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trifl
at 11:20 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trtp« at 1:5«
and UjM r>. m.
BVNDATB— SCO. »;SO. 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30, 8:80.
S:W. «:20 o. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO BAN FRANCISCO. •
WEEK DATS— 6:IO, 7:59, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:4%
3:40. 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
BUXDAYB— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40. 6:06-'
6:23 d. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzcn Park!
sajne schedule as above.
Leave * I Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect ) Ban Francisco.
October 15. i . ■ •
Week Sun- 1899. • Sun- Week
Days. days. , Destination day*. Days.
7:30 am S:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 1:40 ant
3:80 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. \ 6:06 pm 10:25 anx
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm t:22 pia
Fulton.
7:80 am Windsor. 10:26 an*
Healdsbur^, . —
Lytton,
Oeyservllle,
/iOpm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:22 pnf
7:30 am Hopiand and
8:00 am Uklah. 7:85 pm 6:22 pnj
i _— I — ——^—^ — — — — — — — — — —
I 7:30 ami 10:26 an]
I 8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
. 3:3« pm 6:22 prr|
I 7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 ani
and
6:10 pm' 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:22 pn|
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:26 an»
3:30 pro! 5:00 pm ' i 7:35 pm' 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
; Bprings and White Sulphur Springs' at Lyttoa
j for Lytton Springs; at Oeyservllle for Skagg*
I Springs; at Clr.verdale for the Geysers; at Hop-*
I land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs*
Kejseyville. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake*
port and Bartlett Spring's; at Uklah lor Vichy
I Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel
| Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno.
' Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside. Lierley's,
i Bucknell's, Sanhedrln Heights. HullviUe. Orr"«
1 Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
W«Btport. Usal, Willitts. Laytonvlllc, Cum-<
i ming's, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
| Scotia and Eureka. .. . • -.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at r»«
■ dured rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St.. Chronicle bldg,
' H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General -Manager Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Saasallto Ferry.
Commencing October 1, 1889.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— »7:OO. •S:*). 11:00 a. m.} 71:43;
ea:4o, 6:15. 600, 6:80 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San Ra-
fael, on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays,
at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »B:OO. »10:00. 11:80 a. m.: «I:UL
1:15. *4:45, 8:30, 9:00 p. m.
i Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln.
FROM BAN ■ RAFAEL TO BAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:2S. •6:35. 7:45. »9:40 a. a.j
•12:30. 2:15. "3:40, *5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:2O. »8:00. •10:00, •11i46 a. m.|
; •1:40. »8:16, 4:46, »6:30 p. m.
■ Trains marked <*) start from San Quentia.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:4S. 6:45. 3:55. 9:4» a. m.;
12:36. 2:35. 8:45, 6:20 p. m. .. . > *
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays an*
Saturdays %t 7:00 and 10:20 p. m.
- 6UNDAYB-8:05. 10:05 a. m. ; 12:05. 3:11. 1:30-
-1:00. 6:46 p. m ' '
THROUGH TRAINB.
1:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way station*.
1:40 p. m. Saturdays — Tomales and vrajr stations.
1:90 a. m. Sundays — Tomajes and way stations.
Call $1.00 Der Year
1112
The factory has no more 1899 Ramblers.
While mine last I will sell you
"ftfcu^* -'****" . 9fS^^ it 1 * ""^T^ffsfc sdH^ujtu^n wjaMHA9& ■ÜBBnyn v *^t IKB ~': ~ ' ■ '^s
w^F T~\ f /^^ "V^ /^^ f I — ? <z^
The ladies' models are practically all " % l'& The 1900 models are beginning to arrive.
I have a few men's light Roadsters, 1 OF 81k imk Pnc© $40.
model 26. |^ H Call and see them. Catalogs here.
They are selling fast. J|p^ Jlf Agents wanted.
THOS. H. B. VARNEY, Market and 10th Sts., San Francisco.
MINERS' CONVENTION
COMPLETES ITS WORK
William C. Ralston Succeeds
Jacob Neff as President,
THE men from the mines who came to
San Francisco as delegates to the
eighth annual convention of the Cali
fornia Miners' Association completed
the business of the session yesterday
morning and adjourned sine die. Hon.
Jacob Neff, who has presided over the as
sociation since its organization, felt that
his advancing years would not permit
him doing justice to the office, and he
to again become a candidate.
William C. Ralsnon was elected his suc
cessor by acclamation, amid the wildest
enthusiasm. Fred Zeitler was selected to
fill the office of vice president, made va
cant by the promotion of Mr. Ralston.
Treasurer Hendy and Secretary Benjamin
were re-elect <*d.
Ifany matters of moment to the mining
Industry came before the convention just
'. and much was done that will re
pult in benefit. A movement was made
toward securing at the hands of Congress
the creation of the Cabinet office of Sec
retary of Mines and Mining. If the move
ment does not accomplish the desired re-
Fult it will certainly make itself felt at
the. national capital. Never were mon
mnro determined in any matter than the
miners are in this one. Senator Perkins,
in addressing the convention on Tuesday,
told i lie delegates that the tight was hope
festerdy Judge Davis resented the
Senator's attempt to discourage the min
ers, and suggested that he had better
"com:' uff the perch," as, the- speaker as
All the virtues of
barley and hops are
retained in
Wielands
Extra Pale
by expert brewing.
It is then aged in ice-
cold vaults; then fil-
tered, and — after
bottling — sterilized.
It comes to your
table a health-giving,
health-retaining bev-
erage — acceptable to
the invalid and the
athlete. Q" arts « p lnts - «>*i'-pints.
Your grocer or telephone Went 144.
California Bottling: Co,
ims~i7 Bddy St.
eerted, he had been made to do on several
previous occasions.
It is believed that the new president, !
who has been Identified with the associa
: tion since it? organization, being a young
I man, will infuse much new life and create
I a new interest in the institution, in this
I the members feel that lie will receive
i assistance from the new vice president |
and the officials who were ro-elect.-ii.
The delegates were slow to assemble j
for the session yesterday morning. The
reception to the visiting delegates and
maybe other things that had happened |
the night before made early rising almost
an Impossibility, and it was some time
past the hour set for the meeting when
Chairman Neff called the convention tn
order. As soon as the few stragglers, for
whom the sharp, fresh air seemed to have
an attraction, were herded into the hall.
Congressman Julius Kahn was called
; upon for an address. He said that ho 1
would not attempt to talk about mining,
because the- must inexperienced miner in i
i the assemblage knew more about it than I
he did.
I "But Ido want to say a word about the I
j close relations of the city and the interior
; There was a time wh. n the people from '
the interior thought that thr-ir interests
1 and those of the city were dissimilar. '
There was never any excuse for such an j
idea. You must observe that the building '
i up of the city means increased prosperity
I to the interior. If our merchants ar»- flo
; ing well and making money, a demand is |
created for your products, and they are
! able to invest in your mines."
Congressman Kahn assured the conven
tion that he was in hearty sympathy with
the measures it favored for "the benefit of |
the mining industry. Ills voice and his '■
vote, he said, would be used for the min
ers In securing Federal aid in the matter j
of the conservation of fi*>od water On I
the subject of a Cabinet officer, he stated
that It was his opinion that the claim was !
a Just one, and that the miners deserved
that recognition from the national Gov
ernment. He advised the delegation to
continue the agitation until success was
theirs. He promised to do all that he pos
j sibly could to further the movement.
Judge R. B. Carpenter of Los Angeles i
I followed. "All that I know about mln- I
! ing." he said, "is how to put a great deal ;
: of money in a hole in the ground, but not ]
i how to get any out. I am a novice at got- <
i ting money out of the ground, but I am
a pastmaster in getting it in."
The business of the day, the selection
of a new board of officers, was then an
; nounced. B. N. Shoecraft, who favored ]
; making the delegates "scrap" for office j
at every annual convention, nominated.
ex-Senator Voorheis of Nevada for pr^si- j
dent. While appreciating the honor, Mr.
Voorhelp declined to stand for the office,
for the reason that his business would not
permit of him devoting the time to it Uiat
it deserved.
William C. Ralston was then placed in
i nomination by Judge John F. Davis. His
j nomlnatlns speech was a gem and fired
I the miners with enthusiasm. "Our new
president must be a miner," he said "and
: the question is, who is the man that can !
do us the most good and the best servico? j
We want a fighter. We want a man who !
j will not be fraid to face even a United
| States Senator and tell him to come off
his perch when he comes here and tells
us that our demand for representation in
| the Cabinet is unreasonable and likely to
i fail of success." Great applause greeted
, this reference to Senator Perkins' remarks
!of the previous day. Mr. Ralston was
i elected by acclamation, and in acknowl
| edging the honor, said that he was not
much at eloquence, but that when it came
to working he always did the best he
could.
Hon. Tirey L. Ford nominated Fred
Zeitlor for vice president, and he went
Into office with a hurrah. S. J. Hendy was
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1899.
Men Who Will Manage Affairs of Miners' Association.
re-elected treasurer and EJdward 11. Ben
jamin, who has been secretary for many
! term?, had no opposition.
; Chairman Neft made a happy speech in
; introducing his young successor into
I office, and promised the miners that while
I his life lasted he would be with them in
i all they undertook. As he relinquished
j the gravel the delegates jumped to their
feet and pave him throe rousing cheers.
I If was made an honorary member of the
association, as was also Julian Sonntag,
| who at one time filled the office of sec
retary- The association will present Mr.
1 Niff with resolutions of thanks and appre
ciation for his untiring work.
On /notion of John M. Wright the presi
dent was authorized to appoint a delega
tion of one hundred to represent the asso
ciation at the convention of' water and
i forestry, which will meet in San Fran
i cisco, November 14. A. H. Ricketts Intrci
! duced a resolution praying Congress to en
; act a law giving more protection to the pe
| troleum miners of California. The con
! vention voted it down.
The following resolution offered by H.
I E. Pickett of El Dorado was unanimously
adopted:
Resolved, That the president of this asuo
clation be authorized to appoint a committee
of five on county organization, whose duty It
I shnll be to assist the officers of the ossocla
■ tion In organizing branches of this State as
sociation and ptlmulatlng; new life and mem
j bership In county organizations already ex
j lifting; actual travelinff and living expenses
j of said committee while In performance of
, dtttiea above prescribed to be bdVne by the
At noontime the convention adjourned
sine die. In the afternoon many of the
delegates took advantage of the Invita
tion to visit the Union Iron Works. They
were takpn from Minion Pier 2 on the tug
Sea Witch and passed a pleasant after
noon inspecting the great ship-building
plant. Many of the miners left last even
ing for their homes in the mountains.
When taken at the proper time a little Jesse
Moore "AA" whiskey will prevent a cold.
A FATAL PRUNE,
i&eath of the Mother of Chief Engi-
neer Clift of the Boston.
Mrs. Mary A. Clift, the widowed mother
of Chief Engineer Clift of the United
States cruiser Boston, died suddenly yes
terday at 570 Harrison street and the case
woe reported to Coroner Hill, no physi
cian having been In attendance within
twenty-four hours prior to her death.
Mrs. Clift was a native of New' York,
67 years old. For several years past she
had lived at Willitts, Mendocino
County. About a week ago she swallowed
a prune pit and was obliged to come to
this city for medical care, taking up her
residence with the family of B. J. Smith,
570 Harrison street. The treatment re
lieved her up to yesterday, when she waa
taken with severe pains in the abdomen
an<l <lU'<l within ;i short time thereafter.
Dr..Parkf>r's I ugfa c inc. One ■Inae will stop
a cough. Never fails. Try it, Kc. All druggists.*
ROBBED A CHURCH.
Miscreants Take Picture Frames
From St. Francis.
St. Francis Church, on Valle.in street,
k wns rohbc-d of sevorn.l piotun-frnmes last
Monday night. The robbery was evi*
dently the work of vandals, as the frames
were not of much value, and the only
object the parties could have In taking
them was to commit malicious mischief.
The frames were stolen ffom a wall In
the vestibule of the church and were not
missed until yesterday. Father Caraher
reported the matter to the police, and
The Absolutely Pure
Made from Grape
Cream of Tartar.
Baking powders made from alum and other
harsh, caustic acids are lower in price, but
inferior in work and injurious to the stomach,
ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., NEW YORK.
Officer John Flemming of the Californla
streel police station lias boon detailed ow
the case.
Shrimps Condemned.
Health Officer I,awlor. Chemist Both*
and Officer Jack Butterworth, with four
teen inspectors from the Board of Health,
descended upon the Chinese shrimp-catch
ers' camps at Butchertown yesterday af
ternoon and condemned and burned over
15,000 pounds of shrimps. A recent an
alysis made of the Butchertown crusta
ceans developed the fact that they were
loaded with deadly ptomaines and highly
dangerous to health. Upon this showing
the Board of Health adopted a resolution
prohibiting the catching and selling of all
shrimps in Butchertown waters. The
Chinese refused to obey the order, and the
"•aid of yesterday was the result.
HITE CASE IS
CLOSED READY
FOR ARGUMENTS
Indian Woman Again
on the Stand.
There was no war yesterday in the trial
of Hite vs. Hite. Attorneys, court re
porter and Judge were on good behavior
and not a cross word or an innuendo
escaped their lips. All interested in the
case seemed anxious to bring it to a close
and in this they were successful. The
afternoon and morning sessions ended the
case as far as evidence is concerned. On
Monday morning the attorneys will go to
the arguments.
On order of Judge Jones the language
referring to blackmail, cowardice, guns
that were not called into action and the
passing of lies was stricken from the
record.
Several witnesses were put upon the
stand in the morning, James Ferguson,
Tommy Gibbs and the Indian woman who
goes by the name of the millionaire, for
a part oi whose fortune she is now light
ing. Ferguson testified that Hite and
the Indian woman were spoken of as aunt
and uncle by William Grove, who was a
frequent visitor at Ferguson's place in
the country. Tommy Gibbs was examin
ed and he said his mother was not accus
tomed to a long separation from Hite dur
ing the time they were on intimate rela
tions. He admitted she went to fan
dangos where general Indian revelry oc
curred, but every time with the consent
of Hite.
Lucy was then called and some time
was consumed in trying to show that
Lucy attended these native celebrations
at the request of the tribe because she
wasachieftain's daughter, not because her
inclination or desire prompted It. Under
a short cross-examination by Foote she
said she did not know her father's name,
but she knew he was a "Big 'Un " be
cause she heard It.
In the afternoon a* certified copy of the
marriage license of John R. Hite and
Cecilia Nouges was sworn to by Deputy
County Clerk F. H. Masson of Oakland.
It was dated October 12, 1897. Two days
later they were married and on the 15th
the marriage was recorded.
Attorney Foote wanted to examine F.
W. Berlin, as he had heard
Berlin had denied the evidence
given by Attorney Rodgers in regard
to the compromise. Berlin was not
to be found, so Foote concluded to close
kis end of the case. On agreement be
tween attorneys the case was closed. The
arguments will be delivered in Judge Heb
bard's courtroom next Monday, Van R.
Paterson speaking for the plaintiff and
W. W. Foote for the defendant.
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to May E. Portley from M. J. Port
ley on the ground of Intemperance; Mary
"VVilkie from Albert Wilkie«xn the ground
of desertion; A. A. Peterson from Lulu
Peterson on the ground of desertion and
aggie J. Amblow from Louis G. Amblow
on the ground of failure to provide.
Suits for divorce have been filed by
Minnie Oourtior against Richard J. Cour
tier for cruelty; Richard Brockman
against Ada Brockman for desertion; An
nie Taylor against John W. Taylor for
cruelty; Robert D. Fry against Annie G
Fry for cruelty; Marguerite E. Hurst
against William Hurst for desertion-
Kate Weindorf against William Welndorf
for failure to provide and Teresa Brate
mas against John S. Bratemas for
cruelty. Benedetto Trento has sued Marie
Trento to annul their marriage on the
ground that the defendant had a husband
by a former marriage living at the time
of their wedding.
Ladies' tailor-mad* suits, - fur capes, cloak*
Credit. M. Rothschild. 831 Post «L J J -«^
1 _
==\ s^^ T_m_. i''i". w^'jir
3-Day Specials !
Many people, especially our cus-
tomers, have a habit of speaking
of an "Ideal" coffee. They refer
to our fancy "Ideal" coffee, made
In the "Ideal" coffee pot, the only
coffee pot in use that is made on
strictly scientific principles.
PRESERVES, 16-oz. jar 15c
Raspberry and strawberry,
guarantied pure.
Regular price, 20c.
FRENCH VERMOUTH, b0t...... 55c
Noilly, Prat & Co., Marseilles.
Regular price, 65c.
H-0 OATMEAL, pkg 12£ c
The great breakfast food.
Regular price, 35c.
SWEET WINES. .35c; 3 tots. .$l.OO
Port, Sherry. Angelica, Madeira,
Malaga, Muscat and Tokay,
California's good, wholesome wine.
- Regular price, 60c a bot.
SARDINES (boneless), 2 tins. . . .25c
The very choicest French Sardines, •-'
put up In extra virgin olive oil.
Regular price, 15c.
CLARET, gallon 40c
A , choice old table wine.
Regular price, 75c.
Step Into our Stockton-street store and sam-
ple a cup of our delicious "Ideal" Coffee.
MAIL ORDERS SOLICITED.
CATALOGUE FREE.
39 STOCKTON ST, 3253FILLMORE ST ,
Old number 21 Stockton Corner Lombard. '
■ St. near Market ***" Wilt ISi
T.l»phon« Mtln 6522. * •" m 152>
' CASH OR UTTLE-AT-A-TIME.
An Extraordinary
Special! S
Cobbler-Seat Rocker, in Antique Oak
and Mahogany.JS2.OO this week
THE J. NOON AN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
10/7-/023 MISSION STREET.
flbove Slxtrj.
Pko M South it OpenEwntaffi..