OLUME I.XXWii-xo. 5.
FIFTY-SIXTH CONGRESS IN SESSION
Iq th)e hjouse Roberts of Utah Is Refused the Oath of Office— Senate Pays
Tribute to the Late Vice President h|obart
WASHINGTON. Dec 4.-Enor
mous crowds witnessed the
opening: Bci-nop In the House to
day. Th« principal Intercut
centered In the disposition of
the care of BrlKham H. Roberts, the Mor
rinn Representative from Utah, Those
who anticipated a eensatlonal denounee
meat wore diEappolnted. The programme
outlined by tho Republican leaders at
their conference on Friday night was
1 artly carried out. The objection to the
:i<!min!rtrjitlon of the oath to Mr. Roberts
*m «rit»Ted by Taylor of Ohio, as pre
dicted, and Roberts stepped aside without
}>rote?t except to ask If by ilolng so he
waived any of his rights. To this the
Bpeaker responded In the negative.
There wus not a protest from any quar
ter against the objection to the adminis
tration of the oath to Mr. Roberts, but
en the contrary the only voice raised ex
cept that of Taylor was that «>f Mcßao,
a lVnwrrat of Arkansas. Mho joined with
Taylor In his protest. Taylor offered his
to refer the case to a special
crrmmittee. and by mutual arrangement
the consideration of the resolution was
jvistponed until to-morrow In order that
the routine business in connection with
the organization might be transacted to
ri ay.
Although Roberts was not sworn In to
day he necured a neat. This, however,
was by an accident pure and flmple. On
the peat-drav.lr.g lottery r.o provision had
V» en made for Roberts, but when the
drawing was completed two others aa well
as himsHf had not been provided with
Frnts jnd th>« Speaker asked and secured
from tho House permission for those mem
lerr who had not drawn scats to make
*urh Kf lections v they could. Under this
authority Robert? pot a Feat In an oh-
BCUre portion of the hall. HI? daughter
rat in tho pallrry and watched the pro
cr-f<iinjrs fn>m I>< pinninjr to end.
After the election of Speaker Honder
r-nn and his Induction into office and th«
:ip:«ilntment of the usual committees to
v.ait upon tho President the Feat-drawing
contest; with th« usual amusing: features,
vont off without a Mtch.
The only other feature out of the or
dinary was the reception of the Reed
rulejs. The Democrat? knew it was futile
to more than protest against the adoption
ff these rules aft«r the Republican dcci-
Flcn upon th!i« course in caucus, and the
debate upon the resolution to adopt them
I W.I, B. HENDfcIcSON, SPfcAhfc^ oh THE HOUSE;
was very brfrf. They were adopted by a
Hriet party vote.
At 11:30 a. m. a shri'.l-voiced clerk dl
rono<J those not entitled to the floor to
retire, aiid ofllcm and pajjes rapidly
cleared out those already In.
Conspicuous on the floor were the old
veterans Payne of New York, the trader
of the ir.ajorlty: General Gmsvcnor of
Ohio. Hepburn of lowa. Dalzell of Penn
sylvania, KaJley of Texas, McClcllun and
Sulzer of Now York.
As the minute hand of the clock oppo
site the Speaker's- rostrum overtook the
hour hand at noon the gavel of the clerk
'f the last House. Major Mcl ■•!!. de
: oended with a bang. The Indescribable
linn ceased. The members at once nroje,
.nd the enectaton In the gallery bowed
»*ir head*. In this stillness the voice of
ilie ehaplaJn. Rev. Henry idea of
Michigan, was elevated, and his prayer
made the o<ra>i.,n reverent. After the in
vocation the r«.-nlin« clerk t»egan calling
the roll, and k minute later the buzz had
: ma.klr.s a. noisy background
t «r the staccato voice of the clerk as he
caned out the names.
Huberts nat listening intently for hi*
r.anr.e. and when it was called he respond
ed "Here!" In.a loud voice. I3ut he looked
nervous and ill at caw. There was no
demonstration during the rollcall. When
It was cr.nclurf.-d Clerk McDowell an
nmineed that :£2 members hud answered
to their names- a quorum.
"The next thins in order." announced
the clerk, "is the elect Inn of a Speaker."
Hepburn of lowa offered a resolution,
which was adopted viva voce. providing
that the House proceed to the election of
a Speaker for the FJfty-Fixth Congress.
Thereupon Grosvtnor of Ohio, as chair
man of the Republican caucus, presented
the name of David It. Henderson of lowa.
The mention of the name of General Hen
derson was greeted with a round of ap
plause from the Republican side. Hay of
Virginia, chairman of the Democratic
caucus, nominated James D. Richardson
at Tennessee, and his name drew the
plaudits of the Democratic side.
Rldfirley of Kansas named John C. Bell
cf Colorado a* the Populist candidate, and
Wilson of Idaho placed Francis G. New
lands of Nevada In nomination as the
candidate of the Silver party. Each party
having put forward Its candidate, by
The San Francisco Call
direction of the clerk the roll wan called
ar.d each member voted for the candidate
of his political affiliations.
Morris of Minnesota. Overstreet of In
diana and Carmack of Tennessee were
appointed tellers:
Newlands. himFelf a candidate, voted or
Mr. Richardson, the rollcall resulting:
Henderson. 177. Richardson. 153; Bell, 4;
Newlands. 2. The clerk thereupon an
nounced the election of Henderson, amid
irreat Republican applause. He designated
Richardson. Bell and Newlands as ■ com
mittee to escort the Speaker to the chair.
The committee retired to the lobby and
after a short wait the main door of the
portal of the Hou?e was swung open and
General Henderson entered upon the arm
of Richardson, followed by the two other
members of tho committee.
When the Speaker ascended the rostrum
Richardson, -In a neat speech, introduced
him. and in response to the hearty cheers
he addressed the House as follows:
"Gentlemen of the House of Represen
tatives: The voice of the House has called
me to grave responsibilities. For that call
I am most profoundly grateful, and I am
' keenly sensible of the weight of the re
pponFlbilltles that attach to this great
office. I am encouraged, however, by the
thought that no member of this body can
escape responsibility, either to his people
or to his country. All of 111 are under
bonds to do our best.
"The approval of the country, the ap
proval of one's own conscience, the at
tainment of great results are not secured
by petty contests on narrow fields, but
must be sought and won on broad patri
otic lines of thought and action.
"It is my duty, as it will be my aim and
pleasure, to Impartially administer the
laws adopted for our government, but no
Speaker can be successful unless he has
the co-operation of the members of the
House.
"The generous partiality and kindness
that have been shown to me by. the en
tire membership here encourage me to be
lieve that such Imperfections as I may
have will be modified by the considerate
and supporting disposition of those consti
tuting this great body. .]££)£)
"I am ready to take the oath of office."
In accordance with the time-honored
custom, the oldest member of the House
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1899.
UNITED STATES SENATE IN SESSION.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLINGTON* HOTEL. WASHINGTON. Dec. 4.-The usual animated scenes marked the
opcr.lns of the Fifty-sixth Congress to-day. The corridors of the Capitol were crowded with visitors long before
the galleries were thrown open, and many, as usual, failed to gain admittance. By 11 o'clock the galleries were
filled and standing room only was to be had. Women, as usual, predominated, and their bright headgear, together
with a profusion of multi-colored flowers on the desks of The members, added to the animation and brilliancy of
th<> picture. In the diplomatic galleries were the picturesque costumes of all nations.
To the casual observer, the general appearance of this season's crop of national lawmakers Is scarcely superior
to that of former years. Indeed, all Congresses look alike. Th. are always all sorts of figures to be seen on the floor.
The uncouth specimens from Kansas. Oklahoma and Texas Jostle their neighbors from fashionable New York: the Ions;
haired, clay-colored, unkempt member from North Carolina rubs elbows with the brisk, quick-stepping Yankee from
Massachusetts or New Hampshire.
In the House, out of a total of 353 members. 106, or nearly one-third, are new. New York State sends eighteen new
members out of a total of thirty-four. Th- now members are from Northern States for the most part for the South re
turns its members from, year, to yw a:' maktta fewer, oliange* *Ji >B ■!.» •',» Northern States. The faces and figures
that were missed especially were those of ponderous Reed, diminutive, and agile U h**lor. the voluble and brilliunt Henry
L. Johnson of Indiana, the eccentric an d flashy James Hamilton Lewis: thecourtly Belknap of Illinois, the son of the
ex-Secretary of War; Dlngley. Maine's diminutive statesman: Stone of Pennsylvania, the physical giant, who Is now
(.overnor of the Keystone State: Savers of Texas, the school statesman, who looked not unlike Henderson, and who. not-
Withstanding his Ussor size, was sometimes mistaken for him.
Of the leading men of the last Congress who were returned to this. It may be said that the Republicans have the
advantage in roint of numbers. On their side are such Republicans as Grosvenor. Boutelle. Cannon. Hopkins Dalzell
Dolllyer. Cousins, Hull. Henderson. Hepburn. Mercer. Payne. Grow. Bingham. Loud, Steele. Landis (Indiana) riitt and
Dick. Tho Democrats lost ruch leader as McMUlln, Dockcry. Bayers, Wheeler. Magulre. to say nothing of James Hamil
ton Lewi:-, end Jerry Simpson, who. though a Populist, allied himself with the Democratic Fide, but the minority still
r.umbor in their forcos such men an Bailey. Cummings. Allen (Mississippi): Blbley (Pennsylvania), who was formerly a
member: Richardson, i '■■ Arm. Bankhead, Champ Clark. afcßae and Bolser.
In the Senate the familiar faces of Quay. White, Gray. Murphy. Smith (Now Jersey^. Mantle (Montana!), Mitchell
-Wis,™.*l,.)-rascoe-< Fiorttfai-Trnrpiß (Indiana)— Virginia), Cannon rt'iah). Thurton (Ncbr&Bkit) Aii.-n
(Nebraska». Wilson (Washington). Morrlll (Vermont) and Gorman (Maryland) will be missed, and in th^ir stead are
Chauncey M. Depew. McComas (Maryland). '"ark (Montana). Scott (West Virginia). Quarles (Wisconsin). Kean (New
Jersey), T:;li:uerro (Florida). Beveridgo (Indiana). Jonathan Rom (Vermont), an old-fashioned Yankee statesman suc
ceed* Morrill. The terms of Cockrell. Hale. Burrows, Aldrlch. Hawley. Lodge. Bate and Clark (Wyoming) expired last
March, but they were re-elected. The successor of Roger O. Mills has not yet been chosen. I r ward a (Nebraska)
who succeeded Allen, is lying at th« point of death, and his successor will be named by the Governor of Nebraska.'
1 ' erkins, of course, is the sole representative in the Senate from the Golden State.
Harmer or Pennsrl
the oath to the
t. The Speaker then announced
be administered to
mbers bj \~ the ftamea of
:>-d they appeared at
u1 ■ dosen and
• d hands, were sworn In
Th« moment for which all persons were
rn< . when the state
uf ii 111 Roberts' name wi-re
■ a hush fell upon the
t Ohio was on his
: i DlUon. The Speaker
him Immediately.
in of the R^p
i fiom Dtata ami to bis
in Taylor
distinct voice. "1 do "• Speaker, on
my responsibility aa a member of this
specific, serious and
reatly weuVgrounded charges of in
«iif?ihiiity are made against him. a
transcript of the proceedings of court in
Utah evidences the fact that he. claim
ant, was in ISS9 convicted, or that he
pleaded gUIKy of the crimo of unlawful
cohabitation. Affidavits and other papers
in my poasesskft] Indicate thai ever since
tlun he has been persistently guQty of
the Fame crime, and that over since then
he has been and is now a polvßamist. If
this transcript and these affidavits nnd
papers tell the truth, the member-elect
from Utah is. In my Judgment, Ineligible
to be a member of this House of Repre
. both because of the statute
qualification of th.. Edmunds law and for
higher and graver and quite as sound
as. T ought also to say, in addition
to what I have Just said, that I have in
my possession a certified copy of the en
IMPORTANT SUBJECTS FOR
LEGISLATION THIS SESSION
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLINGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, Dec. 4.— No Congress in re
cent years has been confronted with more important duties than those which will devolve upon
the fifty-sixth Congress. Among the most important matters that will come up will be: The ques
tion of whether Mr. Quay's appointment as a Senator from Pennsylvania is constitutional; exclusion of
Brigham H. Roberts of Utah from the House on the ground that the election of a polygamist to Congress
from that State is a violation of the agreement entered into when the State was admitted; a constitu
tional amendment for submission to the States abolishing polygamy in the United States forever and mak
ing those who practice it ineligible for office and disqualified from voting; permanent governments for
Hawaii, Porto Rico and Alaska; construction of submarine cables to the new possessions of the United
States; abolition of the Western Union Cuban cable monopoly; the bill to enact present gold standard
into law with provisions for the ultimate redemption of all United States currency in gold; increase in
bank circulation and possibly the refunding of the national debt; the bill to subsidize the merchant
marine of the United States; various propositions to amend the interstate commerce law to prevent freight
and passenger rate discriminations; proposed constitutional amendments amd bills to regulate or exter
minate trusts, to none of which the party leaders have yet given their indorsement; improvement in army
organization and increase in the ships and men of the navy. Attempts will also be made to pass a Nica
ragua canal bill: a bill for the irrigation and reclamation of arid lands; bill to segregate and classify
California mineral lands.
try under whi> h the claimant to this sent
was naturalized, and that eminent coun
sel asi rt that if this be the record in the
case this claimant is not ■ ■ it lz»-n of th»*
United States. I offer and express no
• •pinion upon that proposition.
"Mr. Speaker, if it were possible to em
phasize the gravity of these charge* and
th«> responsibility that Is at this moment
Imposed upon this House, we will tind
that emphasis In the memorials, a small
part of which could be physically cared
for in this hall, but all of which 1 now
present to this House from over 7.000.000
American men and women, protesting
against the entrance of this Representa
tive-elect from I't.-ih."
At the conclusion of Mr. Taylor's re.
marks. Ifcßae (D.) of Arkansas briefly
expressed his concurrence in the proteM
of Taylor. If the charges hanging ovr
the htad of the Representative -eject were
true, he said his being sworn in would
be an assault upon every American home. [
If true, he said. Roberts was guilty of a 1a 1
violation of the laws of the fnlted States j
and of Utah, and the charges should be
Investigated. If they were proven true,
he said emphatically in conclusion, there
should not be a vote in th<> House In fa
vor of allowing him a seat In this body.
Meantime Roberts had advanced to the
head of the aisle and stood there Irreso
lutely.
"In view of the objection," said the
Speaker, addressing him, "the gentleman
will step aside."
"I do so," replied Roberts, "with the
understanding that by my action I waive
none of my rights."
"None of the gentleman's rights will
be lost," said the Speaker, and Roberts
thereupon retired quietly to his seat.
There was no demonstration either on
the floors or in the galleries. The re
maining members were then sworn In,
after which Taylor offered hi resolution
to ref<r the case of Roberts to a special
committee. The resolution was as fol
lows:
"Whereas. It Is charged that Brlßham
11. Roberta, a Representative-elect to the
Fifty-sixth Congress from the State of
Ttali. is ineligible to a seat In the Houee
of Representatives, and
••Wherras, Such a Charge i« made
through a member of the Hou.-m.- on his re
sponsibility v such member, and on the
basis, as he assert*, of public records, af
liilavli:. a:i<i papen evidencing such iru!l
gibility;
"Resolved, That the question of the
prima facie right of Brlghum H. Roberts
to be sworn In as a Representative be re
ferred to a special committee of nine
members of the House to be appointed by
the Speaker, and until such committee
shall report upon and the House decide
such question and right the Bald Brlgrham
EL Roberts shall not be sworn In or per
mitted to occupy a seat In this House;
and said committee shall have power to
send for persons and papers and examine
witnesses on oath In relation to the sub
ject matter of this resolution."
An agreement was then reached by
which consideration of the resolution
should be postponed until to-morrow after
the reading of the President's message.
The excitement thereupon Immediately
subsided nnd many of the spectators left
the galleries.
The officers of the House selected by the
Republican caucus last Saturday were
then elected. Alexander McDowell of
Pennsylvania, clerk; Henry Casson of
WILLIAM P. FRYE, PRESIDING OFFICER OF SENATE.
Wisconsin, scrgeant-at-arm-*: W. J. Glenn
of New York, doorkeeper, and J. < M -
Elroy of Ohio, postmaster, after whUh
the usual resolutions were aiiupttd la in
form the PracMtflt and the Senate of th<
organization of the HOOM. A COBU
of three. conslstinß of Cannon (R.) nf Illi
nois. Payne (R.) of New York and Rk-h
arrison (D.) of Tenii'
to join a similar cnmmitteo from the Sen
ate to wait upon the President and inform
him that Congress was in session and
r»»ady to receive any communication he
might have to make.
Da!zell (R.^ of Pennsylvania, one of the
Republican floor leaders, then precipitated
a short but lively debate by offering a
resolution for the adoption of the rules
of the last CoaffTM*. Thcj w.-re tiie rule.-:
of three Congresses, lie said, and their
operation had proved their value.
Bailey (D.) of Texas protested against
forcing the rules of the last House per
manently upon the present House with
out warning or consideration, but he ex
pressed a willingness to see them adopted
temporarily until others could be framed.
Richardson d.> of THUMMM lador— d
what his OoOMiglM had Mid, out from
what the public press had said he reallzM
how hopeless resistance would b*. >
theless he protested in the name of th*
minority. He good-naturedly chid.d !{*>[)
burn IK.I of lowa, who frequently com
plained of the rules in the last »"ongres«.
for not leading his partisans In a fight for
their reformation. Had h* done so. Rich
ardson said, the minority would have been
glad to join him.
Hailey followed with pome specific criti
cism of the rules and their operation.
Hepburn, replying to Richardson, ad
mitted that he had favored some •modi
fications, but he frankly stated that his
colleagues In the Republican caucus ha»J
been opposed to him. and that be. had
yielded to their wisdom. Dalzcll (R.) of
Pennsylvania then moved the previous
question, which was ordered, and the
vote was taken by ayes and noes upon
the adoption of the rules of the last Con
gress. •-. ■■'.; 'V
While the roll was being called a large
floral gav«-l from the I'nion Vel
I'nion of Dubuque, lowa, and a beautiful
Continued on Second I age.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
WASHINGTON. pec. 4.—Appro
priate tribute to the memory
(if the late Vice President Ho
bart was paid by the Senate to
day at Its first session of th«
Fifty-sixth Congress. The. ses
sion lasted only thirty-three minutes, and
only the most formal and necessary busi
ness was transacted. After the adoption
of the usual routine resolutions and the,
administration to the new members of
the oath of office. Senator Sewell of New
Jersey presented fitting resolutions upon
the death of the Vlc« President. The res
olutions were ordered to be communicated
to the House of Representatives, and the
session, on motion of Kcan of New Jer
sey, was suspended.
An usual In opening days of a session of
Congress, the chamber wan a veritable
conservatory. Scarcely a Senator was
forgotten In the lavish floral display, and
particularly noticeable was the offering of
llowers to the. new members. The desks
to which they had been assigned were
loaded with the choicest selections from
th* public ana private conservatories of
the city.
Attention was called to the fact that
no emblem of mourning appeared on tha
Vice President's desk. This apparent
onilsulon wjy explained by the statement
tli.'.t the Senate had not been Informed
of Mr. Hebart'a death. Pending actual
onvcnt'on of the Senate, the chamber
presented, a most animated and pictur
esque scene. The galltrles were filled with
a brilliant and distinguished audience.
In the diplomatic gallery were several
prominent members of the diplomatic
corps, among whom was Lord Paunce
fote. the British Embassador, and Lady
Pauncefote.
Promptly at noon Senator Fry* of
Maine, president pro tern., called the Sen
ate to order. The blind chaplain. Mr.
MUburn. pronounced the Invocation, mak
ing a forceful and touching reference to
the death of Mr. 'art.
Bacon of Georgia was the first member
to be recognized by the chair. He pre
sented on behalf of Mallory of Florida,
who was detained from the Senate by Ill
ness, the credentials of Senator-elect Tal
leferro of Florida. They rrcre filed.
Penrose of Pennsylvania presented the
credentials of Matthew Stanley Quay, ap
pointed Senator from Pennsylvania by the
Governor.
On motion of Cockrell of Missouri, the
credentials of Quay were referred to the
Committee on Privileges and Elections.
In this connection Chandler of New
Hampshire Introduced a resolution th.»
"Mr. Quay be admitted as a Senator from
Pennsylvania." This resolution also went
to the Committee on Privileges and Elec
tions.
Remonstrances and memorial* against
the seating of Quay were presented by
Bufltmi of Michigan and Jones (D.) of
Arkansas.
The credentials of Hayward of V -
braska were presented, and subsequently
the announcement was made by Thurston
of Nebraska that, owing to critical Ill
ness, Hay ward was unable to be present.
By direction of the chair the new Sen
tors were then presented at the secre
tary's desk. where the oath of office was
administered to them by the President
pro tern. Accompanied each by his col
league, the new Senators In coteries of
four were presented to the presiding
officer and received the oath which -nada
them formally members of the body.
Those who took the oath were:
Senators Aldrich (R.) of Rhode Island.
Beverluge of Indiana, Burrows of Michi
►ran. Clark of Montana. Clark of Wyom
ing. Coekrel! of Missouri, Culbcrson of
Texas. Daniel of Virginia. Davlx of Min
nesota. ■lew of New York, Foster of
Washington, Hale of Maine. lUnna if
Ohio, Hawley of Connecticut. Kean ot
New Jersey, Iy>dge of Massachusetts.
McComas of Maryland, McCumber of
North Dakota. Money of Mississippi,
Proctor of Vermont, Qua' of Wiscon
sin, Scott of West Virginia. Stewart c£
Nevada and Talieferro of Florida.
After th»- administration of the oath a
roll-call nhowed the presence of seventy
eight menit
Cullom of Illinois offered the usual
resolution that the secretary of the Sen
ate Inform the House of Representatives
that It was ready to proceed to business.
Carter of Montana presented a me
morial and protest against the seating "f
Senatorrelect Clark of Montana and alv>
a petition from the Governor and other
prominent citizens of Montana asking for
an early hearing of the protest agaln>t
Clark. The entire matter was referred to
the Committee on Privileges and Elec
tions. •: ■
Sewell of New JMQI 'hen annotmCfJ
the d«ath of v rt »ia
off-r-d the followllll -ns:
"Resolved. That the Senate has re
ceived with deepest regret information of
the death of Garret Augustus Hobar*.
late Vice President of the Lulled States.2
WORK BLOCKED OUT FOR THE COMING SESSION OF CONGRESS
BECAUSE HE WANTS
SUPPORT FOR A BILL
Senator Perkins Now Ready to
Vote to Seat Quay and Gov
ernor Gage's Appointee.
The constitution provides that the Governor of a State shall have
power when, during the recess of the Legislature, any seat in the Senate
ehall by reason of death, resignation or from any cause become vacant,
to appoint a Senator to fiil the vacancy. So far as I know no vacancy
ha» occurred during the r:-cess of the Pennsylvania Legislature, and as I
read the constitution of th« United States and as it has been interpreted
to us in the Senate by able constitutional lawyers the Governor cannot
appoint. None of the vacancies cither in Pennsylvania, California, Dela
ware or Utah occurred during 0 jecrss of the Legislature, and unless the
United States Senate reverses the precedents it has made in ninny other
ensfs it will held that the Governor, under the conditions existing in the
States I have named, cannot fill the vacancies. The Senate decided the
matter in the case of Mantle of Montana and Corbett of Oregon.— This
1* what Senator P. rkins s::i.l «. n the 25th of last June, the statement having
been publish.^ | n The Call th« day following
CALL HEADQUARTERS; WELLINGTON HOTEL. WASHINGTON. Dec 4-
I risked Senator IVrkin- to-nisht whether in his opinion Mr. Quay would be
Mated as ■ Senator from Pennsylvania. an«l he replied:
"X*" ;'"'! • Qta "" <l furthormor< * »»«» Governor Stone's action In appointing
Mr Quay had been Indorsed by the Republican State Convention and by p s « n 
sylv.-.ni.V* people, who had piled up a tremendous majority at the polls I
asked Senator Perkins pnlnt blank whether he would rote to seat Quay s>nd he
very frankly replied, "Yw." for ho believed the people of Pennsylvania had cx-
Preuwd their will .Ilrort. although their representatives In the Legislature had
Caned tr, do so. A direct expression of the people's will in such a ease, Perkins
oeufvea. Is equivalent to .. r psrhapj better than such an expression by a Legist
i'VTT "» m P° p * s of th ° !H*Tl«*-s representatives. I scarcely expected Senator
nerUna to rtn*v.-er the next question I asked him:
, "Wfll yon vote to *eat Governor Gape's appointee?" He frankly replied: "I
Have not heretofore expressed myself positively In public, but I feel the time has
row arrived when I rhould .in so . I believe that Mr. Quay will soon be seated
nn.J that Governor Gage* appointee will also soon apply for admission and I
desire to put myself on record. Now. I wish you would make iho follow!™
point very dear In your statement: That whenever I have been In doubt about
a*j question of public policy, and there has been room for doubt or dance- of
rrror »n my part. I have resolved such doubt in favor of tbe pc-plo who*e re
preservative 1 am. California people are entitled to two Senators In order "to be
on equality with other States of the Union, rind n« I saU h«v,re. although i' is
possible TJi.nt I may 1 c in error in voting to rep.t a guherr.".:-r'~l uaotstee where
the Wvsl.-.ture ha.- failed to elect, my error will at least b? c!>*t In the" popple"],
u^siSro^ z:^;:^ 0 mxin * Govornor Gase>s appointee j w - i: '
■
■
tfOUr '
■
' nly under
■
■
I the
■
i
Kean r>f New Jersey then, at 12:33 p. m..
moved as a f urth< r nu.rk of respect that
the Benate adjourn, and amid a deep
eil< nc« the chair declared the motion car
rlcl.
PROCEEDINGS
II THE HOUSE
■
'■
KEEVELESS,
DELICATE
WOMEN
, /to
— "]
e m "a
5 -r _; /^ 5
.. .
■
i
nd
■
■
• • t r. >n v
etW»^Ti. ."Li
o«a we that which clean- t Too/:"' 1 * tW
t>». »ooth«-» and heal* th- A/C?lMlit BAD*^>|
Ely's Cream Balm I r^l>;'*iSl
U »uch a rrm^dy and »!!! fc^ J^/^5
can ■ i/e*- • *SJS.*fi;t
CATARRH ?>k_— / *P&\
rully and pleasantly. SB'Tj
Cold in the H »J 9^r^^^S
qu'.rVJy v»nl»h«i V. \: 'f V^><^1 tu \ r^
Crram balm In rlacod Into uoatrlla. rprra<:*
ev«r th» mmbrane and If «b»orb*<l rtelier !•
MM— <Utt» ar.d a cur* follow*. It l* not drying
— <3o«» not produce aneexinr- Ur(« ■!*«. SOc.
at rtiiu-nni. or by matl: ;r:»l iln, 10c. by malL
ELY mtOTHEIIS. M Warren it.. New York.
MISS AIUH POBEFTS.
Photo by Johr.pon. Salt Luke.
Cupyrlrht. li.'?. by The Johnson Co
Miss Roberts is a line looking intelli
gent brunette, and has much of the quiet
determination of her father. She 8 vi
vacious and pleasant as a companion;
kind, gentle and thoughtful of the feel-
Ings of others. She was born and edu
cated In I tan. and has been a teacher
In the graded schools. She is still young
and the portrait gives a good idea cf her
age..
of Hy<?e Post. G. A. R.. of Dubuque. were
placed on the Speaker's desk.
Tho resolution for the adoption of the
rules was carried; 177-158.
A resolution for the biennial Peat Jraw
lng was then adopted by con
st nt. Grow (R.) of Penr.s<>ivani:t. - s an
ex-Speaker nf the ■ us*, and Marmon of
Pennsylvania, tho oldest member, were
granted tho privilege of selecting their
sent before tho drawing. Each eelectr-d
his old Ft-at. Tho members then retired
behind the rails in the rear of the seats,
leaving the floor vacant, nnd a blind
folded page. Griffith Halstcad. uon of
Murat Halstoad. drew the little balls con
taining the numbers from a box. Each
ball wan numboied and the number Of the
member corresponding was Riven an' op
portunity to select a Heat as his name
was called. Richardson of Tennessee got
his old seat, although Ms name was
called late. His colleague reserved the
seat for him. A biff tree of American
Beauty Roses was placed on his desk,
and he House, irrespective of party, ap
plaud. vigorously. He was also the re
cipient of several large baskets of chrys
anthemums.
Hepburn of lowa was the first promi
nent Republican who was forced through
the late calling of his name to go to the
"Cherokee strip" on the Democratic side
for a Feat. He was received with ap
plause by the Democrats.
All during the call of names Roberts of
Utah had been standing In the rear of ♦he
railing eagerly listening for his name, hut
•when the balls were exhausted is nnma
had not been called. As he had not taken
the oath no ball had been placed in the
box for him, but by an accident he ec
cured a at The names of two Re
publican members had not been called
when the balls wore exhausted. Th»
Speaker explained that the balls were
exhausted and asked if any member* had
not been provided with seats. Two Re
publicans and Roberts came forward.
"If there Is ,no objection." laid the
Speaker, "those. gentlemen.. whose names
have not been drawn will now select
stats."
There was no objection and Roberts
managed • • find a vacant seat In tho ex
treme rear of the extreme right of the
hall. There, he established himself
Gardiner (R.) of Now Jersey then an
nounced the death .of. Vice President Ho
bart in fitting words, referring briefly to
his brilliant and useful career an.]" the
profound grief with which the nation had
received the news that he had pasbed
away. Later he said he would ask the
House to M t asldo a day ,to pay appro
priate, tribute to his memory. appr3
? .iT lI V 7 mnrk of respect, upon his
vn O ui°?o.rsorror C at 3 ™ P. m. adorned
At» usually
women wha
rrjf>r with
those <Jl»or-
<J *r » and
w e ,-iknf *?(•<•
Peculiar to
tli'lr ■ ex.
»rvnun r.x-
hauntlon and
Female
Weak MM
«r<* Intimate-
ly associat-
ed.
■--Sine* th*
dls«covrry of
the Krrat
H U D.VAN
■r « m % a ' p
* v f fcrliiKH
have been
mat ■ i In II v
1 c g ■ '• neil.
for II V I>-
VAN clx-ea
« t m * n rth
nnd tone to
the nerve«
and nf r\ - <*
centrr«. and
to the .M-
icate 'matrr-
First Measures Introduced.
I WASHINGTON. Dec. 4.-Lively compe-
THE SAN FBAKCJSCO CALL. TULSDAY, DECEMBER 5. IH9D.
LEGISLATON FAVORED BY THE
PACIFIC COAST CONGRESSMEN
Improvement of Rivers end Harbors, Irrigation and f;e
clamalion of Arid Lends and Construction of Nicaragua
Canal fiie lost important Walters,
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELL
INGTON HOTEL. WASHING
TON. Dec 4.— A1l of California's
Representatives answered to their
names to-day. In the lottery lor
seats Kahn fared better than any of hla
colleagues. His name was called early,
• ' and he chose
the seat once
ore upi «■ d by
Thomas H.
Reed. De Vrles
fared next beat,
and secured a
!'.:iml seat" Well
up toward the
front on the
Speaker's right.
Mot <• a 1 f- and
Need ha m se
cured pood
■cats; also Uar
!\-irrfs seat Is
well up in front
to tho left of
Speaker. Loud
fared badly. He
is in the "Che
rokee S t r I p,"
nr> the Sneak.
George C. Pericins.
■ ■
■
■
If ii.i>:i ■« to •
■
oisoo.
Reprcs c ntn t a
tlve Loud said
to The Call rcp
r c f o r. t a tivc:
"My attention
will be particu
larly d^rectort
toward the re
moval of Rlns
som nr.d Anita
rocks, v; hlrh
are thp only Be
rt 0n s Impedi
menta to navi
gation in San
Francisco har
bor. I will a'po
endeavor to se
cure sufficient
appro p rlatiiir.s
for the early
cnmpUt lon of
the posto fil c c
building."
Realizing thai Irrigation and reclama
tion of ar:U lands was a subject Of lively
Interest to the- California people. .Lola's
opinion was asked as to the probability
of Congress taking any action this win
ter. He said: "In rcgani m legislation
looking \<) the irrigation of arid lands, 1
hope thai, ■■•. .• will arrive at pom<- solution
of the question; but it 13 hardly proba
ble. What Is to be the ultimate solutior.
of this question I am not prepared to say.
I should regard the distribution of the
waters at the country by the Federal
Government, as a great departure and ;\
long step toward 'paternalism and spme
what dangerous. There must be a point
at which the Government must draw the
line, else we will find ourselves rushing
headlong toward socialism; which few
public men are prepared to advocate. It
may be argued that it the improvement
Of rivers and harbors the Government has
established a precedent, yet I could harG
ly assume that the two propositions aro
upon the same plan; while 1 river and har
bor Improvement has been carried to tho
extreme, afrqost to absurd length, 'yet
that cannot be .in excuse for Btlll greater
departure. This i- a great question and
1 am satisfied that the wisdom of all leg.
lslators will eventually solve it, yet it is
too great a question for me to pass upon
Its merits off-hand, as I am not thor
oughly conversant with the subject."
ores c n 1 a-
I
tact dial the
rni;i with
our n- •
and tho
countries «>f th»-
Orient will be
at ly in
•i. I
; h' uld prefer t>>
be [>hf«-ii upon
the Committee
•ti M- rek all t
Mart n•■ him]
•
h.iji.
ini-r
cbaal m■ r Ine
r. li b I. i I
Julius Kahn.
, ani our mer
chant vessels carrying the products
of our farms and our factories into
every harbor and port In i very quar
ter of tho globe. I have no par
ticular bill of general interest j that
I hope to pass this winter. 1 have not
been able to sufficiently inf'.irm myself ns
to the chance of passing a bill for lrrl«
gallon of arid lands this winter. It 13
almost too early In the session to even
hazard an opinion. For my own part, I
sincerely hope that we will bo able to
make a commencement in that direction.
I would favor the cession of arid lands
to the several States under certain re
strictions. If my memory serves me cor
rectly, the State of California has prac
tically lost Its swamp and overflowed
lands, and comparatively little of this
land has been reclaimed. The cession to
States should be so guarded that only
actual settlers and homesteaders could
take up the land. I do not consider the
Irrigation and reclamation of such lands
by the Federal Government as a form of
tltlon occurred in the House of Represen
tatives for the honor of introducing the
first measures, but by general consent
everything gave way to the caucus finan
cial bill.- .
Amntic thf* first bills was one by Flynn
for free homeeteadi in QUahonta.
The Sni Joint resolotloa was by Capron
( ,f i Sonnecticul for a ooaatlti I
amendment asalnat admitting polyga
mists to Congress".
ROBERTS HOPEFUL
OF HOLDING HIS SEAT
WASHINGTON, IVc. 4.— ln Hpraking to
mt to-night in regard 10 th<» ;k i
Bpcakei Henderaon In oil ease, itngham
Hi R as h Representative
fr. :n the State of Utah, said:
"i was not rarprtaed at 1110 action
taken. In fact, I fully expected those op
to m<- to po that far. TIK-r> is no
Initiative that I can take 'My cas.- trill
come up for consideration after theyub
ml.'-M.in and wading of th.' l'r. sn!. Nt .
neaaag^ to-morrow, it stands as a ■pe
dal "i ■
"I have carefully examine •! pronafleiltl.
and I am latfafled they show thai Incited
of going to ;t ipeetel committee the mat
ter should be referred to the Coaualttee
on rriv!l»>(»o!« and Elections. My opinion
»s that that is the regular order for it to
rntrrnalism. as some Cona*r< Bsmen do."
Repres c ntn t »
tlve Bar ham
said: "I have
asked,, -..to. be
placed upon the
Interstate and
Foreign Com
merce.' i Judici
ary and Mileage
>• ii mmUtees. I
am anxious tr»
pass a bill for
the construction
of the • Nlcara
Rua canal." and
the course
which . will . be
pursued on this
matter will b«
to disregard the
last com mi s-
Flon's rep ort.
The . old. com-
Jobn A. Barb im.
mission hatf now piven us facts we have
loup v.-antod about route, cost of the «-a
nal.- etc. This has been the cause of de
lay ;\lwavs. ag no Government work on
rivers and harbors was ever undertaken
v.-ithout an estimate of the cost «■; con
struction that, we naw have. That nt
tho.tcpeoific objection Mr. Reed* made.. dur.
>n«r the. last Congress against the canal
I Intern! to offer a bill to abolish the com.
m!.<vSlon. 'T am also especJally Interested
in tlio c-iistructi.-.n of a Pacinc cable with
its terminus at Ban Francisco."
"'<■• n I a
tlve "Waters
Bald: "1 have
made appj!ca
tfon and -great
ly desire to he
assigned to tht
C o mmlttee oi»
Rivera and
Harbors. 1
should greatly
desire to obtain
fin approprla
tion for the Im
pro vcraent of
the Inner har
bor at Ban Pe
rt ro, cither by
bill or other*
wisi\ My infor
tatlon is not
sufficiently pos
itlvi. 1 ■-. form :■
Russell J. Waters.
conclusion as to what will be done re
garding the Irrigation of arid lands in
California] but I am In hopes that at
10.-ist ■ beginning may bo made by the
Government toward the final Irrigation of
all arid lands of th< Northwest. Our ex
perience of the past in the action of dif
ferent States for the irrigation of arid
lands, It seems to me. would not war
rant the ceding of these lands to Indi
vidual States. It seems to me better that
the Federal ' Government should under
take such work, and I believe that we
are warranted in the hope that the final
results v.-ould be much more satisfactory
than if ttfe work of irrigation should be
ttrtcen up by the States. I I do not believe
that such action by ihe Federal Govern
ment would be inconsistent with the for
mer policy of the United States, and a.-»
we have plenty of precedents, such as re
clamation of land by the building of
levees on the Mississippi and other rivers.
the Irrigation of arid lands would seem
to be as legitimate as the Improvement
of rivers and harbors, and subject us to
no more criticism of paternalism than
might be expected for the Improvement
of rivers and harbors. The main idea Is
to obtain a successful method, of Irri
gating arid lands in California, and it
seems to me that the Federal Govern
ment Is In the best position to accom
plish such result. I certainly shall fn
vor any action that may he taken in this
direction and sincerely hope that it ma»
be successful." >
,],■ V
• 'it-
in.isi .:■ sired by
!"•■ Ii one upon
the <'•■!?)!.
'■ .
ti>«ns. I
Id my
■ ■
l..mi
' . The partic
ular lin>- of
laid out
■
\ ii
much d
aenti I nai
i-- known
Marion de Vnes.
i a I i I <> :• ii ' a _
mineral lands bill" «hall be* .11* a
law during the lent session. Our
State Ib largely interested In for
estry legislation. which la becom
ing very important. I hope to take
up some lines In this work during tho
winter. Rivers and harbors will likewise
demand considerable attention. It Is too
early in the session to judge of the prob
abilities of the passage of an Irrigation
bill. during the winter. I would undoubt
edly favor a bill ceding arid lands to the
several States In which they are situated,
and would like the proceeds thereof to be
contributed to the public school systems
of the several States. In my opinion Irri
gation and reclamation of arid lands by
the Federal Government is not Inconsist
ent with the past policy of our nation,
but is much akin to Federal supervision
over rivers and harbors. I am particu
larly Interested in the early construction
of the Nicaragua canal, and ardently de
sire that this project should be under
take. I propose to ro to the House to-
W and to take anjr action that may
proper. The matter rests, so far a*
my rights are concern. d. just where it
t\alted by th<- objection made to-day,
f course, until th»- resolution now
ng la adopted I will have a right to
or <•!" the House and to my
■ 1:. o»i bai not y>i concluded
tip 1"" aside the evidence of my prlma
right to my seat.
' : 1 -day If not complete. Tt
within the proper exer
l power on the part of thi Speaker
ro convenience of the House
for him 10 ask members to temporarily
stand its;,!,.. T), e art | On to-day go-s no
further than thin. It Is merely a matter
Of convenience, and iirecedents that sus
tain the riKtu of the Bpeaker to ask -neoa.
b«W to stand aside for the time being.
Mr. Blalne during his incumbency f :lif
ciiHir held that members objected to
■Und aside if they liked to rio no.
f not. notion of the liaise would hove
to be taken then. Mr. Blalne did not aw
ftMM tho right to arbitrarily decide the
matter.
"Mr. Randall in the Forty-second fon
in interpreting his action in the
preceding Congress, also held to this
slew, n was in v i-w of these preo
that 1 stepped aside, with the under
standing, of course, that I waived none of
my rights. i t would not have done to
have resisted. I hud no disposition to do
tnkon during tlio present session of Con
gress."
Repr«-Hentatlve
Necdham said:
"I would prefer
to be assigned
to the Commit
tee of Indian
A ff a i r a and
I r rlgation of
Arid Lands, as
these interests
are important
In my dis
trict. General
Henderson re
quested me to
make applica
tion In writing
for committee
assignments and
stated that he
Jf.mes C. Needham.
wished I would
name
othi r rummit-
tees -V^ on which It would be agree
able to serve, as he might not be
able to place me on those I moat
desire. So I named In addition to
those given above Territories. Foreign
Affairs. Public Lands. Claims, Mines and
Mining. 1 hardly think it would be be
coming in me. being ■ new member, to
speak of what I shall accomplish: I hope
to be useful generally to my district. Of
course there are particular matters In
which I shall take especial interest. I
want '" see the jetty In the San Diego
harbor completed without cessation in the
work. I shall strive to Secure the appro
priation of $109,000 recommended by the
engineer department for this purpose. San
Diego Is one of the best harbors In the
world and II Is of growing Importance. 1
shall also endeavor to get a Sufficient ap
propriation to complete the San Diego
Quarantine station. This is important
considering the fact that an additional
line of steamers has recently been started
between this port and the Orient. I called
at th 3 Treasury Department yesterday
and succeeded in getting an order for the
revenue cutter Bear to winter In San
Diego. Assistant Secretary Spaulding in
formed me the department was thinking
of also having the Rush winter In San
Diego Bay. These vessels have been so
long in Alaskan" waters that it is neces
sary that their hulls be dried out. and the
assignment of these ships to this locality
Is a recognition of the value of the har
bor of San Diego for this particular pur
pose. The Interior Department has rec
ommended the removal of the Indian
School now at Perris. Riverside County,
on account of a lack of water. I am anx
ious that the school should remain in
Riverside County, as there are many good
sites for It there. There are many aged and
sick Indians among the Mission and Tule
tribes, and l would like to see a hospital
for them established at the agency at
San Jaclnto. 1 hope something may be
done to improve the San Joaquin River
by damming up the mouth of a large
number of sloughs above the mouth of the
Stanislaus KUer. I sincerely hope I may
be ••" '■!•- -to Interest Congress In the
Sequoia National Park. The old colony
road should be repaired and extended to
Giant Forest and from there trails built
to the varlcus scenic points, such as
Kings River Canyon, Panoramic Point.
Mount Whitney, etc. Roads should also
be constructed from Tule River to Min
eral Kings, and from Kings River Canyon
to Giant Forest. The building of these
mads and trails has been recommended
by the various superintendents of Sequoia
Park for years. Something should be
done by this Congress for Tosemite Val
ley to make It more accessible. Toll roads
should be abolished lan greatly pleased
to know that Secretary Hitchcock makes
a pies for the reclamation of arid lands
of the West In his annual report just
made. I believe that this Congress will
take up this question and build storage
reservoirs. I don't think that a general
system of reservoirs will be built nt this
time, but work of national Irrigation will
be inaugurated. From my study of the
question I do not think It would be wise
to cede to the several States of the Union
the ari<£ lands. Remembering our experi
ence when swamp lands were .■■•: to
the States and the gigantic frauds perpe
trated, we do not. want to pass through
any such experience again. Ido not
think that the taking up of the work of
Irrigation by the Federal Government can
be Justly considered as a form of pater
nalism, inconsistent with the former pol
icy of our Government. it Is simply the
proper exercise of the power to make In
ternal Improvements under the general
welfare clause of the constitution. I am
in favor of national Irrigation. The
States have
nelther the ma
chinery nor
money to take
up this great
work."
Representative
Metcalf is anx
ious to serve on
the Naval Com
mittee In order
that he may
do something
for Mare Island,
lie has Intimat
ed to Speaker
Henderson that
the people of
his district are
anxious for him
to serve on this
committee. {£ It
Is well known
Victor H. Metcalf.
that Mr. Henderson is grateful to Repre
sentative Metcalf for his support, and the
chances are Metcalf will get what he
wants.
anything that would be disrespectful to
th- chair.
"In making the statement I did my <]■-
sir- was simply to safi-unrd w}> ■•■■'■ r
rights I had under the customs of ■•
House. 1 proposi l ■ . »
my rights. I have not engaged and I an
pushing my case without legal
i ance. I have not by any means loci . >pc,
j nut am confident that my rights will r.e
; reenpnized and that ! will \,e conJlrmed
I in my title to a scat in Urn House."
EATEN BY CANNIBALS.
I Fate of a German Trader on the Ad
miralty Islands.
VANCOUVER. B. C. Dec. 4. -Details
wore brought r>y the st. am.-r Warrtm. o
from Australia of the atrocious murder
of a white man and subsequent devour
t ing of the body by the treacherous can
| nibals of the Admiralty Islands. A . ttei
d.v.-l M.uil.i;.. .1. New Britain, says
"Twelve months ago two young Ger
mans named Metrke and Molte op.neJ a
trading station OJ the wall island of St
Andrew in the Admiralty group, O ff to thV>
north of German New Gum.-a. anfl in
spit- of the fact that these nativs aY" 1
most treacherous and c.inning race ao
jpeared to get on very well with ♦hem
Ih. two traders decided to purchase the
Wand. Molte went to New firitaln .0 a !
range the deal leaving M. tzk. with ten
Solomon Island hoys, ipon Molte's re
turn he found that Metzke had been
murdered together with four of his boys
GOOD WORK DONE BY
THE LAST CONGRESS
Many Interesting Measures Be
came Law, but Several Import
ant Bills Failed to Pass,
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLINGTON HOTEL. WASHINGTON. Doe.
4.— The last Congress (Fifty-fifth) accomplished the following Important
legislation: Treaty of peace with Spain; naval personnel bill; provisional
army bill; bill for taking twelfth census; bill to improve condition of
seamen In the merchant marine; bill to make Georg" Dewey an admiral.
Following were among the appropriations made by the Fifty-fifth Congress:
Investigation of Isthmian canal routes. $1,000,000; public buildings. JI.MO.OOO; Huf
falo Exposition, $1,210,000; Government printing off!. building. S2.0flo.00O; French
spoliation claims. $3.iO0.O0O; Department of Justice building. $1,000,000; army tran««
portatlon deficiency, $8,500,000; mall transportation. $1.0OO.0m): dry docks. $1.00O.n<i0;
warships and armor. $10,000,000; payment to Spain. I20.0KO.00O; new coast defense
batteries, $1,500,000; War Department deficiencies on account of war. $»7,0f0.000.
Appended an the measure! thai the last
nionetary reform biß
■h code of lawi for Alaska; torritMri.il gorvnußent ( - \'
subsidy bill. Hawaiian cable bill.
BRIGHAM H. ROBERTS OF UTAH.
and the bodies had been cut up, cooked
and eaten by the Bavapes.
The last murder of white men In these
Islands was in 18K.
Terrill on Trial.
SAN JOSE. Dec. 4.— The fourth trial of
S. B. Terrlll, the lawyer accused of cheat
ing his clients out of thousands of dollars
by means of f. .r_ notes and mortgages,
began before Judge Lorlgan and ■ jury
to-day. Terrill is his own attorney. The
first trial resulted In disagreement, and
conviction was had at the other two. This
trial is a rehearing of the first one. Uy
means of a false mortgage be li alleged to
have secured $300 from Mrs. Clara Fread
fe ' r %"^**< ' /\ **»^yjk mS^Tw 'i** '-"ii*" i S
Bl * *• % ~*** ' \ ' ■* ■ * ' * I
* * •* ** ' \ .^^ 0^ 1^ ""*V /I
Pjfl # J -•' ' *s-^fjs^fi£&l^^ * * r- ' • I
I ''*?*■'? "*) ', ■ ■—mi.Mi in - - i.. »"*.i ' *• *•% Jl
I Hawes Hats' • I
|S There are a number of goo I hats on the market which *
P will wear, and you will look well in them, too. No one ;
| can gainsay that. But — Hawes Hats are good hats, wear
$ well, look good on you, and the price is only
I $3.00. •
j It takes as4or $$ hat of other makes to equal a ' ;
\ Haaves in wear and appearance. That's how the Hawes >
■ differ. '* j %
,'j Isn't the difference worth your investigation? *
" § All the popular colors and stylish shapes. ■
3>l Out of town orders filled— wr(te us for our new illustrated catalogue N0.2. i 1
' \ m& sn.woo p a co (%m
M \*m£/ "7ia MARKET 5T N^iO^y ' \
of Madron^. Klvlnir h<r as security two
lots that h .: Wh-ri pi
fur money he gave Mrs. ! a
: Walter I
Pomero :sy to-day.
al will X'> on in-morruw.
Twice Attempts Suicide.
PORTLAND. Me., Dec. 4.— John Berg?a
of Seattle. Wash., a steerage passens<-r
on the steamer Vancouver, which ar
rived here to-day from Liverpool. mad»>
two nttempts to commit suicide during
the voyage. He haa been detained by tho
Immigration office pending an examina
tion.REPORT THAT METHUEN'S
ARMY IS IN KIMBERLEY
Simultaneously Comes the
News That the Siege of
Mafeking Has Been Raised
-Gallantry of the Boers at
Modder River.
ONDON, Dec. 4. — The Evening Express says
1 it learns that a cable dispatch was received
to-day from an officer of the Guards saying
simply, "In Kimberley," wtycb it is added rr)ay
rr)ean that General Metfyuen's vanguard has
entered Kjmberley.
CAPE TOWN, Tbursday, Nov. 30 — Tr;e Cape
Times rjas the following dispatch frorr) Mafe
king : General Cronje witt) 100 wagons and a
large body of Boers r;as left tys laager, prac
tically raising the siege, although desultory
firing can be heard.
LIN, Dec. 5.— Slowly
I by degrees we are begin
ning to understand the
character of the Modder River
right, which in many senses
seems to have been one of the
most remarkable in the present
campaign.
From various sources may be
here-'. a fairly circumstantial
account, which, although defi
cient in just those details which
add picturesqueness and color to
the narrative, goes far to justify
the much criticized judgment
pnsFcd by General Methuen him
self, who described the engage
ment as one of the hardest and
most trying in British military
annals.
night came on it seemed to
1 purposes a drawn
ement. In reality, how
■ r entrenchments, es
■ily after the crowing: of the
British troops, had
• • ■■:•<• able. Under i
• got the enemy evacuated
them, abandoning them to Mc
thoen's I ming. It
an infantry bat
division was
With all their di
vantages in poii I . mnd and
intervening river, the Bi
erthdess drove ■
or 1 1. OCX) P«»ers
old.
There are reports that General
ly in Kimberley,
re probably prcma
■ atS may
.iched that place, it being
twenty-four miles distant
Modder River. Important
may be expected to-day or
MTOW, .';s there is '-very
reason to think that the Rritish
advance lias been resumed.
It is now certain that the I'.oers
arc in great force on the farther
side of the Tugela River. The to
tal of the army confronting lien
eral Ruller may l>e from 15.000 to
.20.000 men.
Af for it? artillery, at Far
quhars Farm, according to ac
counts in Xatal papers, the P.oer
guns overpowered the British,
who have thirty-six field weap
ons. But now this artillery will
be divided, and there is not likely
to be more than thirty or forty
: guns, if so many, on the Tu
gela. Against this General Bul
ier has forty-two guns, besides
the naval weapons. He should
then have a distinct, although by
no means too large a preponder
ance.
There is pood news at least
from Mafcking. It is reported
that General Cronjc has moved
his commandos south and that
the siege ii practically over, to
the intense joy of the beleaguered
garrison. Everything points to
the substantial accuracy of this
piece of intelligence.
Tales of Joubcrt's death are
now conclusively disproved. He
will undoubtedly conduct the
coming battle in Natal.
In the meantime some news
has come through from Lady
smith, showing that while the
I>oer bombardment was becom
ing severe, one of the navy guns
had once more silenced the big
Boer 40 or 100 pounder. General
Gatacre has occupied Molteno
and secured a large quantity of
corn, which would doubtless have.
been commandeered had the
rs been allowed to make a
longer stay.
T\v<» remaining squadrons of
ihe Household Cavalry left Lon
don yesterday for the front. This
is the first occasion since the
Egyptian war when the Life
Guards have taken the field. They
should prove a very valuable re
inforcement, as the British are
still weak in cavalry.
BOER SHELLS DEALING
DEATH AT LADYSMITH
LONDON, Dee. 4.— The latest advices
fr. in Ladysmith, dated Saturday, Ko-
Vaaahl I the shelling of that place
ooHmied. I? appears that <;<Mieral
kburglier ng th«- Boers,
111 that all the
■ •■•■1 !•.•» s«-nt to a DeUtral camp. ht.'l
rh:it General white peremptorily refused.
when, tt [1 added, the Boers deliberately
shell, d th« hospital.
All accounts uprev that the Boer ?he!!s
mu< Ii mure damaging than pre
viously A number of civilian? and po-
WOUnded, while the
Liverpool tad GHouoester battalions lost
■ m> n «'ii Kovember M.
Th»» siege of Ladysmith was then grow
Ing stronger. The Boers were estimated
to number from 10.0(0 to 13.000. The health
of the British garrison is good.
PRESS STILL PRATES OF
YANKEE SYMPATHY
LONDON, Dec. 4.— The afternoon papers
welcome the appointment of Adalbert F.
Hay as United State* Consul at Pretoria.
The St. Jumes Gazette says: "It Is by
numerous small indications other than by
striking outbursts that the real depth of
international sentiment can be gauged as
between the two great countries, who pre
fer making their sympathy plain to one
another to parading it before the world.
The appointment of Mr. Hay is one of
those small but significant important
signs by which the impartial observer can
test the sincerity of good feeling between
ourFflves and the United States."
The Westminster Gazette said: "If Mr.
Chamberlain is speaking to-day he will
undoubtedly turn to Mr. Hay's appoint
ment ah convincing proof that an alliance
exists. We do not make such a sweeping
deduction. It suffices to say it is picas
ant to think that our interests are repre
sented by one whose representations can
hardly fall to be received with considera
tion by the Transvaal."
HOSPITAL SHIP'S PARTY
GREETED BY THE QUEEN
LONDON, Doc. The American doc
tors and nurses who are going to South
Africa on the hospital ship Maine visit. -«i
Windsor Cas-tl© this afternoon, under, the
guidance of Major Cobell, a landau and
omnibus from the royal stable having
been sent to take the party from the
fetation. They were received by Lord i'et
ham Clinton, master of the Queen's
household. The visitors were escorted
through the state and private apartments.
The party went to Cumberland lodge for
! tea at the Invitation of Princess Christian
of Schleswlg-Holsteln, daughter of Queen
, Victoria.
The Maine party later were presented
to Queen Victoria. Each was presented
singly and the Queen said:
"I am so glad to see you. It is so good
of you to come over to help my men."
Lady Randolph Churchill has been sum
1 moned to Windsor Castle, where she will
dine and spend the night to-morrow. It
Is said that the object of the visit is that
i sh* may discuss privately with the Queen
the plans in regard to the Maine and
I other matters connected with the move
ment.
The Society of American Women In
London gave an "at home" this evening
for th© benefit of the Maine fund/ All the
principal members of the American colony
, attended, although Embassador Choate
was the only member of the diplomatic
corps present. An Interesting musical
programme was carried out and a sub
stantial addition to the Maine fund ob
tained In the form of subscriptions. Mrs.
Joseph Chamberlain, wife of the Secre
tary of State for the Colonies, was con
spicuous among the guests.
CAPE TOWN HEARS THAT
CRONJE IS IN RETREAT
[Special Cable to the Netr York Herald Copy
right. 1893. by J«n«i OorJon Bennett. He
pubHcallon of thin dlipatch la prohibited.
All ii«ht» reserved In the United States and
Great Britain.)
LONDON, Dec. 4.— This dispatch, from
Its special correspondent, Is published oy
the Dally Telegraph:
CAPE TOWN. Thursday, Nov. 30.— The
Cape Times has Just received a message
from It* special correspondent In Mafe
klng convey:: the welcome tidings that
General Cionje. with 100 wagons and a
large body of Boers, has left his laager.
and that tho fl'K'- Is practlcaly raised,
although the enemy Indulges in desultory
shell «nd rifle fire. Naturally Capo Town
Is extremely delighted with this piece of
Intelligence.
Report of a Conspiracy.
LONDON, Dec. 4.— A Dublin corre
ct (.i< lares that owing lo startling
information as to the exist enoe of a dyna
mite conspiracy In order to quicken the
flow of Uoer subscriptions, UM executive
ha* declJed to double the guards at all
the military barracks Id the district.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1899.
WILL COMMAND THE SIXTH DIVISION.
Maior Oncrnl Thomas KHly-Kenny and two members of his staff.— From
a photograph t;ik«n at Aldcrshot a > <ar uK'i. Th- figure on the right Is the
jreneral.
MODDER RIVER BATTLE
NOT A BRITISH VICTORY
Methuen's Soldiers Mowed Down by the
Boer Fire and Held Back the
Entire Day.
LONDON, T>fc. 4. — The Daily Chronicle publishes the following dispatch,
dated Wednesday, November 29, morning, from 1*- < rr> spondent at Mod
der Klver camp:
"The severest engagement our column has yet had. and probably the
severest of the whole campaign, was foupht yesterday on the banks of
the Modder River. Th«- battio wan v.ag<d fiercely for nearly fourteen hours.
The enemy occupied a strongly intrenched position, their front extending five
mil's ;t!onp the bank of the stream. They were well supplied with artillery and
fmiKht desperately.
"Our force consisted of the Second Battalion of the ColdMream Guards, the
Fir?'. Battalion of the Scots Guards, the Third Battalion of the Grenadier Guards,
th<^ First Battalion <>f the Northumberland Fusilirrs, the Second Battalion of
the Yorkshire Lißht Infantry Che Kings Own), ■ part of the First Battalion
nf the l^iyal North Lancashire Regiment, the Ninth I^incers, the mounted ln
fantry. thrco batt< ries of field artillery and the First Battalion of the Argyll and
Sutherland Highlanders (Princess Louise's). The lamr r« iufnrced us from Gen
eral Wauchope's brigade, and arrived just In time for the fight.
"The battle itaited at daybreak, our guns shHllng the Boers 1 left. The enemy
replied with artillery. Hotchkiss and Maxims, and the artillery duel lasted some
hours. Th*>n there vat a brief lull In the enemy's operations, of which our gen
eral immediately took advantage.
"Tlif Infantry advanced across the plain toward tho river In two brigades.
The guard* >>n the right were met by an awful hail of bullets from the enemy's
FharjislM.oters. posted c los- t<> the rivor on the opposite side. Ours had no cover
Whatever, nnd wore simply mowed down. It seemed impossible to live through the
terrible tire, but the brave fellows did not retreat an Inch. The Boers' fire was
horribly accurate, and they must have numbered at leaM 10,000.
"The Bcotl Ottarda advanced fii¥) yards before they were fired on. Then they
ha/1 to Ho down to «-sc;i}m> the deadly fusillade, which lasted without Intermission
throughout thf day.
"Tlu- Highlanders made several attempts to force a passage of the river, but
they were expow-d to such a murderous enfilading fire that they had to retire,
• > y had suffered terribly.
"Subsequently a party of the Guards got over and held their own for hours
against a vastly superior force.
"The general opinion of the staff Is that there had never been such a sustained
fire in the annals of th<- British army as that which <>ur troops had to face yester
day. our men fell in doseni while trying to rush the bridge.
"Among th<- many heroic deeds one <,f the most conspicuous was that of
Lieutenant Colonel Codrington of the Coldatnam Guards, Captain Sellpeln of the
Queensland contingent and a dozen members of the ("oldstream Guards, who
jumped into the rtVW and swam nearly to the other side In the face of a steady
Are, but were forced t<> retire, and. Joining hands, swam hack, two of their num
ber being nearly drowned In the retreat.
"The British guns kept up a heavy fire all day, and fearful havoc was wrought
on the Boer positions, the enemy being forced to flee from their intrenchments.
Night put an end to the terrible bloodshed. The infantry brigade was dreadfully
cut up.
"The Bo< rs retreated at night, taking their guns with them, and we are now
occupying their positions. The «nemy's k)M wai tremendous."
All the later details received from Modder River show that even the desperate
courage tho attacking force displayed all day long (November 2S) failed to drive
the Boers from their strong intrenchments. and night fell on an undecided
battle. But apparently during the course of the night General Cronje. com
manding the Boers, who are said to have numbered 11,000 men. decided that tho
struggle was hopeless, for the British found the town and surrounding positions
evacuated when daylight broke, and the whole British army crossed the river
and encamped on the Boer positions.
The experts here are unanimous In expressing the opinion that Klmberley's
needs must be very pressing to Induce General Methuen to expose the whole of
his command to the Boer marksmen, sngly Intrenched In a semi-circular po
sition. So deadly was the fire zone that the Scots Guards were compelled to leave
their Maxim guns behind when they were forced to seek less exposed gTound
It was only after dusk that a portion of the British troops succeeded In crossing
the river by a mllldam on the extreme left. When night fell the Boer ar
tillery was still as vigorous as In the morning, but the Boers' retirement In the
night saved the position for the British. The exhausted condition of the British
troops precluded the possibility of the pursuit of the enemy.
The conclusion of the correspondents that the Boers must have suffered
heavily must be confirmed from official sources before It is accepted as fact. la
any case the Boers retired without any sign of disorder, earning off their guns
and equipment. Thus General Cronjes force Is still intact. The fact that Gen
eral Methuen and Colonel K»kewlch are now in communication may cause a re
consideration of the Boer commander's plan to give battle at Spytfonteln, where
he might be simultaneously attacked by both British forces.
It is reported that Modder River bridge has been repaired and that the Brit
ish resumed their march toward Klmberley to-dny.
The fact that the De Beers mill and foundry Is casting shells, while the gar
rison seldom replies to the Boors' artillery. Is said to point to a j-oarplty of am
munition at Kimberley. partially accounting for General Methuen's haste.
NEITHER BRITON NOR
BOER GAVE QUARTER
LONDON. Dec. s.— The correspondent of
the Associated Press with General Lord
Methuen's column, telegraphing from
Modder River last Thursday, says:
"Th« Waterloo of the campaign has
been fought and won. The battle was
conducted with unprecedented stubborn
news on both sides. There was one con
tinuous roar, like the explosion of count
|CH firecrackers. There was no flinching
<>n either fide, and not a moment's pause.
"For live hours the British batteries
poured tons «f shrapnel and shells into
the Boer positions. Lord Methuen had
twenty-two guns and each fired an aver
age of 200 rounds. The Boers had an al
most equal number of guns, which, it Is
reported, were mostly served by French
ami liiTman artillerists.
"It is believed that the Boers had oc
cupied the position seven weeks before
and had spent the interval In fortifying
and rendering it, a* they considered, im
pregnable. They did not seem to fear to
spend their ammunition and their guns
were well and smartly handled.
"Owing to the bend In the river on the
jight the Boers had an opportunity of
cross-firing on the the British attack. A
Borr Hotchktss was directed with marvel- '
ous accuracy against a British Maxim, I
killing the sergeant In charge, wounding
an officer and disabling tho j^un. This oc
curred quite at the beginning of the en
gagement. Whenever the Boer fire was |
silenced In one direction it would Imme
diately be reopened in another.
"Owing to the terrific lire nobody on the
plain was out of range. Stretcher-bearers
found It impossible to go forward in the
few cases they were called upon to attend,
and the wounded were compelled. If pos
sible, to crawl out of the line*.
"No quarter seems to have been given
on either side. The British assert that
amid the bullets the ambulance wagons
dtaplagrtd their flags promiscuously to no
advantage. These were repeatedly driven
back and compelled to take refuge out of
sight.
"It Is alleged that the Boers used dum
dums and made especial targets of the
horses on the plain in the hope of hitting
the riders. While the Argyll Highlanders
were pushing across the river they were
fired upon from a house and several fell.
Thereupon the Highlanders stormed the
house, and although the Boers hoisted a
white flag n<> attention was paid to It and
all the Boers were shot.
"It Is reported that General Cronje,
with his contingent, retreated toward
Langeberg at 4 o'clock In the afternoon.
Others followed in the direction of Jacobs
<lahl and the main body of Boers retired
with the guns about 8 in the evening. On
the following morning at daybreak the
British flred a few pholls into the village.
Getting no response a patrol of cavalry
crossed the river and found the enemy's
camp deserted. Dead Boers and many
who were dying were to be seen every
where in the lntrenchments. as well as
numerous new graves. Several buildings
were in smoking ruins.
"Some of the Boer prisoners say that
General Cronje was in supreme command.
He had to whip his men to prevent them
deserting, and despite this many threw
down their rifles and fled."
BRITISH INFANTRY
COULD NOT ADVANCE
LONDON. Dec. s.— Julian Ralph, d?
srriblng In the Dally Mall this morning
the battle at Modder River, says:
"I can testify that the British never
once saw the enemy, yet they were not
able to raise hand or foot without being
riddl-d.
"Despite all this, however, the day be
longed to the artillery. The Infantry
never advanced two paces during this
day of hell. The shells of our twenty
guns were accurately planted in the
enemy's trenches and broke the hearts of
the Boers, for after dark they all re
treated."
HEAVY LOSSES ON BOTH
SIDES AT MODDER RIVER
[Special Cable to the New York Herald. Copy
right, W. by Jamen Gordon Bennett. Re
publlcatlon of this dispatch Is prohibited.
All rights reserved In the United States and
Great Britain.]
LONDON. Dec. s.— The subjoined dis
patch from the Daily Telegraph's special
correspondent with Methuen's column,
although it reached Orange Rlvor at noon
on Thursday, did not arrive In London
until yesterday morning. Evidently It s
only a portion of his message, earlier sec
tions of which were not yet at hand.
The dispatch reads:
MODDER RIVER, Thursday. Now HO
(by train to Orange River).— On both
sides the losses in the engagement must
have been very heavy. So I wrote lafct
night before any returns were available.
This morning I found that the little tovin
by the river had been evacuated, the
Boers having moved off in the dark. Our
infantry has been marching to a position
on the left flank to repel any attack that
might be made from that direction, but
no Boers were about. The town had bofn
severely handled during the engagement.
I have found bullet holes In the walls
everywhere.
I learn that the enemy were 11. 090
Btrong, were under the command <>l
f'ronje and had many guns. The rilxty
second Battery of Royal Artillery
marched thirty-three miles from Belmoni
and went straight into action at 4 o'clock
In the afternoon. My horse was shot
under me during th" battle.
AMERICAN GOVERNMENT
MAY DECLARE NEUTRALITY
WASHINGTON. Dec. 4-Presldent Mc-
Klnley and Secretary Hay still have under
consideration the advisability of issuing a
proclamation declaring the neutrality of
the L'nlted States In the war between the
South African Republic and the Orange
Freo State and Great Britain. None of
the powers of Continental Europe have
issued such a proclamation, and until they
i do fo it is doubtful If the I'nlted States
will act. The slowness of foreign Gov
ernments in taking such action has been
j a matter of some speculation in official
circles, but is presumed to grow out of
the fact that hitherto they have okparvsd
neutrality and they see no reason why
they should formally announce, their at
titude.
During the American-Spanish war Ger-
I many did not issue a proclamation of neu
, trallty. though she remained neutral, but
in diplomatic circles it is recalled that her
attitude at Manila was not very friendly
and her failure to tssue the proclamation
left her free to act as she saw tit. These
considerations may actuate other powers
of Europe in failing to issue a neutrality
proclamation fan the case of the South
African war. This Government stands
re.-xly. however, not only to strictly nb
| serve the laws of neutrality but to issue
a proclamation should such a course swm
advisable.
Official announcement was made at the
State Department to-day of the anpolnt
| ment of A. S. Hay, son of the Secretary
of State, as <*onsul of the I'nlted States to
Pretoria, to succeed Mr. Macrum. who
will be relieved upon the arrival of his
successor. Mr. Hay will start for his post
next w€ek, armed with the fullest instruc
tions both ns to treatment of matters de
veloping In connection with American citl
rens as well as matters relating to British
prisoner* and British interests. Mr. Hay
will gn to PretOfta via Tendon, but it is
not certain that he will visit the British
Foreign Office.
Mr. Hay's appointment Is a matter of
much satisfaction in British diplomatic
circles here, and It is not doubted by the
President that the Boer Cinvernment will
express similar gratification upon Mr.
Hay's reception by the Boer Government.
Webster Davis, Assistant Secretary of
the Interior, left here last night for a trip
to South Africa. He will sail from New
York on Wednesday morning :ind bo away
three months. During the trip he expects
to pay a visit to Pretoria. Mr. Davis"
Journey Is entirely unofficial and has no
connection with this Government.
BRITONS APPALLED AT
THEIR HEAVY LOSSES
LONDON, Dec. 6.— There is a feeling of
disappointment and a continuing: anxiety
respecting General Lord Methuen. The
Timeß says editorially:
"The battle of Modder River affords
splendid proof of the unsurpassed qußll
tles of the British soldier, but while vic
tories won solely by the exercise of there
qualities are indeed magnificent, they are
not war. They fill us with pride, hut
with pride not unmixed with regret at
the persistent perversity of circumstances
which, apparently, prevents us obtaining
equal or greater results by processes
savoring a little of that military science
of which we hear bo much."
UNUSUALLY HEAVY
FIRING AT LADYSMITH
[Special Cable to the New York Herald. Copy
rlsM, 1899, by James Gordon Bennett. Re
publlration of this dlM'at' h is prohibited.
All rights reserved in the United States anu
Great Britain.)
LONDON. Dec. 6.— These dispatches
from its special correspondents are pub
lished by the Dally Telegraph:
"ESTCOI'RT, Thursday. Nov. 30.—
Throughout last night and for the great
er part of to-day there has been more
than the usual continuous cannonading
at Ladysmith. It is believed that ill is
well there.
"Our troops at Frere are In splendid
condition.
"Reports come in to the effect that the
Boers have posted ov«r 10,000 men with
fifteen guns, several of heavy caliber, to
oppose our passage."
The Daily Mail publishes this dispatch
from its special war correspondent. G. W.
Bteevens, who Is with General White's
forces:
"LADYSMITH, Nov. 24.— The bombard
ment of the town continues. A locomo
tive was hit by a projectile to-day and
J ran off the line. There was no other dam
| age done. A Boer shell last evening killed
| three men of the Liverpool regiment and
I wounded nine more, some dangerously.
Yesterday one of our naval guns breached
the epaulement of one of the Boers' big
SUPREME COURTS
BLOW AT TRUSTS
Decides Against the Constitution 3
ality of the Pipe Manufac=
turers' Combine.
WASHINGTON. Vor. 4. -In the United
States Supreme Court to-day the Addy
stone pipe case was decided. Thi-
Involved the constitutionality of the com
bination of pipe manufacturers which. It
wan charged, was a trust. The decision
was handed down by Justice I*. kham,
and was adverse to the combination. It
was therefore in opposition to Urn trust.
The opinion of the Court of Ajifn als for
the sixth circuit was affirmed.
In revl. wing the case. Justl< c Perkham
said that it had been brought under the
anti-trust act of IX9O. and that an in
junction was asked for to enjoin the cor
porations engaged In the man.ufact
water and gal pipe which composed the
combination from continuing business un
d«-r the agreement by which they h;i-l «1 i
vlded the territory of the I'nlted States
among HlWlll— I M». -and by which they
bad arranged to fix prices.
I'nder this agreement the members of
Urn combination provid'-d for auctioning
off the right to make bids for supplying
with pip.- citlis not allotted territory, the
successful bidder to meet no opposition
from other members of the trust; or. If
other Mda were madb. none of them
should b.- higher than thnt of th* com
pany to which the awprd bad been mide
by the combination. In cases In v:hi< h
bids were asked for in territory ai
to members of th< territory, the agree
ment wai that DO bids should be made
except under the supervision of tbo a m
pany in charge of that territory under the
api'-eni" tit.
Tin charge was that »ueh a combina
tion wax a violation of the clause of the
constitution regulating Interstate com
nvr<c. The IM-trict Court in which the
case was first beard refused to take this
vi. -w ..f it. tnit it was reversed by the
Court of Appeals of the Sixth Circuit,
which held the combination to be antag
onistic to the constitution, ordering the
guns on Pulwana Hill, which has thus
far been thrlr-e silenced."
This dispatch from Its special corre
spondent is published by the Daily Mall:
"PIETERMARITZBURG, Nov. 30.-
News from j LadySmlth is beginning to
come In more freely. The latest dispatches
state that from tly beginning of the In
vestment up to last Saturday (November
25) there were eighty-three killed and
wounded, including both military and civ
ilians.
"Tho Hoers shell the town from all
sides, their favorite time for op. nlng be
ing at midnight. The heaviest casualties
ocurrcd on Novf-mber 9. v. run the Hoers
made a determined attack, n<lvanclng
to camp. They were routed with
heavy loss, our casualties numbering
twenty-one. The next day General Joubert
begged medicines from the British. We
lost one killed in an attack on the 14th,
th< Boen acain losing heavily. On the
20th the bombardment, which had been
more of taM severe, damage,! some build
ings. On the following day it was an
nounced that the Boers were going
south."
VAN ALEN FAILS TO
ASSIST THE BRITISH
LONDON, Dec. 4.— J. Van Alen. the
American millionaire, nan had an unsuc
cessful experience. It se,ems, in attempt-
Ing to render aid to the British wounded
In South Africa. He first offered the War
Office an ambulance, fully equipped, to
the extent of £10.000. to be officered and
manned by the English army, on condi
tion that he be allowed to accompany It
to the front. The "War Office replied, ask
ing In what capacity he could go, and
this produced the offer from Mr. Van
Alen to go in any capacity, however mod
est. The War Office was compelled to de
cline.
Mr. Van Al^n then offered the ambu
lance to the Maine hospital ship commit
tee. The latter, finding the ambulance
adapted to land uses only, consulted with
th»' War Office and eventually Inform^ 1
Mr. Van Alen that the committee would
be triad to take him to South Africa as a
guest, but that on arriving at Cap.- Town
It would be necessary to turn him and th«
ambulance over to the army. In which
evrnt the two would became a hospital
section, possibly having to remain In
Cape Town.
Mr. Van Alen refused to become a mere
hospital MCtlOll and withdn-w his offer.
His main object. It is bellfved, was to
get to the front, and It is thought that
he had no special desire to do hospital
work excrpt in that circumstance. An
unconfirmed report is In circulation that
he will make a similar offer to the Boers.
Joubert Commands at Colenso.
T,OND<>N. I>e<\ 4.— A locnl farmer ar
rested by the Hr.ers and released Novem
!j£tffi^H'X3^ 1 1 1| mill jiJ^'Mmiiiiit | !m'i'''' lli|t|l '' !'! '' ii Jj||.
suits and -^
** t *xzAw J^ w<*M ou want an overcoat
>v^J JM^j that will wear, that will
A^f^ ' look weii> that win be sat "
(&&far_jM } Oil isfactory — the price mod-
s^}&& Ijlj j ||l j To fill the bill com
::: T^^^*nB|] 1 - 1 pletely order one of our
fp\-v(rs* i^i li IP! I ! ° ta^ or " ma^ e overcoats.
*^^^^V4^j' fliKj! We will give 3' OU all the
%ILK J I s - N - wood & co -
<fjC^Qoz9!%%r 4&*< vr *y 718 Market St. and
m~~-:m ~~- : -^^^ ■■ ■ I , Cor Powell and Eddy.
Issuance of the Injunction prayed for.
This latter de< affirmed by the
action to-daj "f the Supreme Court, with
a modMcatloii that the decision *huuld be
construed as applying to interstate busi
■ily.
!>marking upon the general aspect of
th.- decision, J -am laic:
We have no doubt that where the direct an<l
Immediate effect 'a contract or combination
amonx particular dealers In a commodity la to
dej>troy competition between them and other*,
that parties to the contract or combination
may obtain Increased price* for themselves.
such contract or combination araounta to *
re-itm'nt of trade In th# commodity, even
though contracts to buy such commodity at th«
enhanced price are continually being marl*
Total suppression of the traile In th» com
modlty Is not necessary In order to render the
combination one In restraint of trade It I*
the object of the- combination In Mmltln* and
restricting; the right of each of the members
to transact business In the ordinary way. as
well as it* effect upon the volume or extent
of the dealing In the commodity, that Is re-
Carded.
The opinion then adds:
It Is almost needless to add that we do not
hold that every private enterprise which may
be carried on chiefly or in part by mum of
Interstate shipments Is going to »>* regarded
as related to Interstate commerce no as to come
within th*> regulating power of Congress. Such
enterprises may '* of the same nature as the
manufacturing of refined sugar: that !». the
parties may t* en^airerl as manufacturers of
a commodity whi they thereafter Intend at
i ftonia time 1, «ell and possibly do «*i! In
1 another State; but such sale we iv.- already
h< id Is an Incident to and not a direct result
, of the manufacture, a" ' so M not a refutation
of or in Illegal Interference with Interstate
I commerce. The prim Is not affected by
I anythlnr herein decided. *
The decision draws a clear distinction
between combinations affe< ting interstate
commerce and those applying to one State
only. The opinion attracted very great
attention because It Is the first opinion
on the subject of trusts which has been
handed down since the subject of trusts
has come into great prominence.
her 29 has arrived at Estcourt. Ho says
General Joubert personally commands the
Colcnso force. Tho Boer force at Colenso
is estimated at 15.C0) men, with fifteen
guns.
LOSS OF THE ISMORE
SERIOUS TO BRITISH
LONDON*. Dec. 4.— lt Is now said that
some of the guns, swords and carbines
and a portion of the ammunition have
been landed from the British transport
Ismore. ashore In St. Helena Bay.
An official dispatch from Cape Town an
nounced that the Ismore broke up yes
terday evening. Her stern Is out of tho
water, but her bow Is gone. All hands and
twenty horses, out of ■•, were saved.
The loss of the Ismore's horses is quite
serious at the present moment, when they
were particularly needed. They consisted
of selected trained chargers and gun
teams.
It Is not yet clear whether the six field
guns on board tho transport were javed.
In any case, much war material and hos
pital equipment were lost.
"OLD GLORY" ENTWINED
WITH A BRITISH FLAG
LONDON, Dec. 4.— Patriotic demonstra
tions In the theaters and music hah.-, of
London continue unabated. There was a
remarkable scene at the Empire li«t
evening, when Mrs. Brown Potter recited
a poem called "Ordered to the Front,"
with soldiers and Bailors grouped arou.id
her on the stage. On each ride of Mrs.
Potter stood a sailor, ore carrying the
American r!ag and the other the Uri'
flag. When the curtain fell and rn^o
again to an encore she tied the two flags
together, amid loud cheering, th» entire
audience rising and singing "God Bnve
the Queen." Lord Rothschild and a num
ber of prominent men w«»ro in the house.
BATTLE VIEWED BY
WOMEN BICYCLISTS
T.ONPON. Pee. 4.— A letter from an of
ficer at Lsdjrantth nrrtmlu ■ novel f<
of a modern battle. The writer nay* that
at the battle of Heiffonfin NVHII U-It**
arrived OB McjTCIH. <>f course they kept
at a distance, l • 1 1 1 ;i shell pitched clos* to
them caused them to pedal off to a safer
position.
Boers in High Spirit*.
IiONDON. I '•■■ 4.— A prM« dispatch
from Durban says that pcr»o i* arriving
there from Pretoria asarrt that the Boer*
are full of confluence and are well pre
pared for a six months' siege of Pretoria.
34
TEXT OF THE SENATE
CURRENCY MEASURE
Gold-Standard Bill Agreed Upon
by the Republican Members
oftlie Finance Committee.
WASHINGTON. Dec. *.-The text
of the currency bill prepared
by the Republican members of
the Benate Finance Committee
Is an follow*:
A ! :'. to ifflm the exlMinc standard of
vain*, to n.alntaln th» parity In value of all
foru'.s of nn:iey, i,i refund th« public debt Mid
fcr uiher purposes.
The Mn«la.rd— Jie It enacted by the Fenit*
l: . House of 1.- .;i <:.:..•. A> b of the United
t i ti.tf» <,f America In ccnrr«'*s assembled:
T!.at the dollar loiusls-tinp vf twenty-five and
eight-tenths grains of 6oid. nlne-ti nth* flne,
bhall. i.k i ■ !.»:.'.:■ -.f 1 by !-•<!.:. Sill < f the
Itevlw-u Maiu!'.! of tL« United Slates, con
tinue to Le the riatidard unit of vulut-. and
nil fiinns of ni'iucy issued <t c<>ln<-»l by the
United States thall be maintnlned at a parity
of value «wt!i t:;l» utanUard ar.d UnllcJ I
i.utci« ar.d tir«bury notes l?su«-!S under the act
cf July 14. IM-0. when x»rer«-«ited t" the treas
ury for redemption, rha»l te n-Jt^nied m goM
cola tt such !•(... :.T!-i
BBBEBVE KLNIt-That it Khali b* the duty
of th«- t?ocretkry of thf Trea>jry. in «>rder to
iwv-ure the prompt unJ certain redemption of
United Stairs r.-u-s and tr»-\»ury ti«tes as
fcer.Jnbtfor* provided, to *vt fcp.rt In th<! treas
ury a rrwrve fund of $l>.O(iw.tH»o ill paid coin,
which fund sh*ll I* u*ed (or *uch redemption
j>urpos«-« «inly. and whenever and as often aa
any .>: »ald notes shall he redeemed from said
fund It shall be the duly «>: the Hecn-iary Of
the Tr^asurj' to us* hald notes so rt^l<*emed to
r»-K'.re «rid maintain such reser\e fusd In the
iiuiiiner t>llowlng. to- wit:
rirst— liy exc»ian?lng the not«-» so redeemed
for i.ni K"ld txiln ta the general fund of the
tmstary*
Be*oad— Ry aci'-;.tlng deposits f.f aruld coin
at the treafury nr nt »ny nii>-tr<-asury in ex
chanc« lor the Utilt«^l htaies notes *-> re
deemed.
Third— Br procuring gold coin by the us* of
tald i»Gtr*. in accordance with tl.e prov^iens
cf M>ctlon 37tX> of the lievls»-d Statutes of the
United Stait ».
IC the SS««<rrtiir>' of the Treasury '* unable
to restore and maintain lh<> g>ld reserve fund
I'Y the loregolng methods *nd th<? amount of
euih c>.!d c.tn in »«r.id fund khall full below
UOQ.OOo.OOA, tlun It shall »j« hli> duty to reptore
and maintain the «ime by b.-irrowlr.g money on
«»ie credit ..f the United ftutes and for the
<!*bt thus l:ieuiT*d to Issue «r.d sell coupon or
registered bonds of tins United States in such
form a» h« may prescribe. In denominations
cf J-'-O or any multiple th'P'of. bearing Interest
m the ra'e of nm «xo>«-<!irg 3 pw cent per
i :.:. ;"■'. payable quarterly, such bon<ls to t>e
payable at the ili-MKure of the Untied States
after tao yeux frotn the date of their Issue,
and to be payaLl", principal and Interest, in
rcld c-'ln of the i>rt-Mnt nandard value, and to
l»e exempt from the lament of all taxes cr
«'.ntlrs of the Unlt«d States, as wt-ll as from
taxation In any form by or under State,
munlcljial or local authority. The notes re
deetred a» lierein provided shall only \# ufc.l
for the jiurpofce of reytnrlr.ij s.ild fund to the
i -.x. ■:■>:•• amount of $lJO.oc<t.O<iO and the
cmoiint nf puld r«m ar.d noteit | n FUch reserve
' .•»'•! at no time ev.«e»<l ruch maximum
nmount.
n!-:i'i:MPnoN or treasury notks—
Th.it It *t»!l be th» duty of the Secretary nt
the Treasury as fa»t a» sterling silver dollars
are cr'.rw-o 1 uruVr th« rrovieli»r.« of the nets of
July M l'Wo. and June 3'). lv«S. from bullion
jiurchn*»>d under the act of July 14. IBM, to re
tire end cancel an equal amount of Treasury
nr>tcs whenever received Into th» Treasury,
either hy excV.snre. In «cc«irdance with th*
piwrtalatM cf this act. or in th" onltnar>' course
ct buHinff-s. and uiM>n the cancel!nt)f>n of Treas
ury notes silver certificates shall be Issued
C£alr.»t the »r.ver dollar nn colne-J.
c,riLl) CKnTIFIPATSS— That the Peeretan*
cf the Treavury Is hereby nuthorixed and dl
dected t" receive deposits cf gr>!'l coin with the
Treapurer or any HBV.^tant treasurer of th»
United States In »vms of not 1«-fs than $20. and
to jp'ue roll certlflcstes theref.ir In denomina
tion* of nrt lets than $2<\ r.nd the coin so de
t> *lte<3 shall be ntained In the Treasury and
neld for the payment cf rurh certificate* on
demand snd used for no other purple. Such
certlncates thai! be r»>ce|vah!e for customs,
taxes and all public duties, and when so re
c I veil niay 1"» reissued, and when held by any
natl"nr<l l>nr.ktnu aso.ieifttlon may be counted
as a imrt of ( .t* lawful reser\-e.
Prm-ided. thr.t whenever the gold coin held
In the reserve funl In the Treasury for the
fdempt'rn nf United States notes and Treas
ury n> tr-f shall fall below t'.rio.ono.ooo the au
thority t.» Irrue certificates as herein provided
»hnll be eunner.iJe-S.
And pruvMM further, that of th« amount of
ruch outstanding certificate? nne-fnurth «t least
»h»!l I>* in drT»omlnnti.->n cf $.V) nr less.
And T>rf(i3ed further, that the Secretary of
the Treasury may. in his discretion. Issue such
rerilflr*te» in <Vnr»mlnatl ins of lin.mvi, payable
to crdf r. An>l section ."iss of the p.rvis»d Stat-
Otes nf the United States 1« herehv maiiil
CLARK ACCUSED
OF OPEN BRIBERY
Carter Presents a Me
mor'al to the Senate.
. Dl«| ifh to The Oil.
■
■
n A.
1
'. ■ v
■
I -> .c promise
. r:is of
I
• Hs'.p an-.
• m A.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
COS3PSC. |«t
Caused by over- i^l^~ =^\ /fi\
jrerk? Xo,' caused Iffll \Y M
EJCiit. Work rarely \
causes collapse. It \
is worry— the outcome of a low condition
°' the nervous system and inadequate
xmtnlson which generally causes col-
lapse. The collapse seems sudden, but
in reality it is a tlow procera. Tbe stoin-
■dj end crgnn* of dipesl-oa and nutri-
tjon are dswaafd^ the nourishment in the
food ettz-n is only partially extracted and
imperfectly a^imik-ted. The blood b--
comes impure; the very fount of life Fs
poisoned, and some day all the faculties
ar.d functions jjo on a strike. That's
collapse. Dr. Pierce** Golden Medical
Discovery cures diseases of the organs of
digestion md nutrition, purifies the
blood ar.d bmld* up the weak body with
sound healthy flesh. • ♦ -
- 1 «t.« cured of a %cry bad cay of tndicestJoi-
B«-iocintt -d with tcrpid li\-er. by the use of LV
rierce'« OoMcn Medical Wsan-rry," write* i:i
<». B. Wrd. of H>Tn*:de. Putn«ni Co.; W V«
"lif fore I brfrsn thf cse cf •Cclden Medical I>1«.-
roxw* I had no epprtite; could not nierp. nor
work Imt v-ry little, borrelt con«tipated, and life
v-»* a tr.i-it-n \ a mt. After Uking four hollies I
le.t to wrll that : went to work, but noon c«t
W(jrs<.-. 10 I wed .it about cipht « cri_b longer
When I «■..« permanently cured."
Medical Adviser :•
of stamps to pay cost of
• v. Srnd ?r one-r<
■ . ook, or 31 stamps for
dotl!, to Dr. R. V. I'iexce, BuliaJo, K. Y.
DENOMINATION OF NOTES from
and after the passage of this act no United
.i«t<» notm cr Treasury note* shall be Issued
or niastted of denominations less ttian $10, and
j..l such outstandlnr notes of a lower de
r ••;... .t.t i'-.ri fhs.ll whenever received at the
TrtAcnry or redeemed be canceled and notes
of denominations of $!0 or upward thall b*
sutiktltuted thereffrr. No silver certificates
sV.aJI be h*realter Issued of a hlrher denomina
tion than $10. laid all such outstandlnr certi
ficate uf a .i denomination shall when
ever received at the Treasury or redeemed be
canceled a: • note* of denominations of 110 cr
less shall be subnituted therffor.
REFI'NDIN**— That the Secretary of the
Treaeury Is hereby authorized to receive at the
Treasury any of the outstanding bonds of the
I'nlted States earing Interest at. ; per cent per
annum, payable February 1. ISO 4. and any of
th» bonds erf the ITnltM States bearing Inter
est at 4 per cent per annum, payable August
1. IS-OS. and to Ume In exchange therefor cou
pon or rey!-ter*.l bonds of the United State*
in ruch form as he may prescribe, In denomi
nations or jr. 9or any multiple there bearing
Interest n the rate of 1 J>er oeiM per annum,
DiynMe quarterly, such bonds to be parable
at the pleasure of the United States after
thirty yars from th» date cf their il«^ue. and
nald bend* to be payable, principal and Inter
■at, In gold coin of the present standard value
and to be exempt from the payment of all
taxes or duties of the I'nitol States, as well
us from taxation In any form by or under
State, muni' or local authority.
Provided, that none of such outstanding bonds
shall r* received In Mich exchanjje at a valua
tion greater than their present worth to yield
an Income ';■: cent per annum, and raid
Lond* shall J«e iesued at net le«"« ihnn oar.
And provided further, that -ii. bonds when
Issued shall be nurah»rtd consecutively In the
crdcr of their Indue and when payment Is mad«
the last number? lF«u»d shall l>e followed un
til all the bands are paid. Whenever anr of
the outstanding- bonds are called for payment
I:. seres! thereon thall cease three months after
tu'li call.
An-1 provided further, that the Serr*tarr of
the Tr<:i>-i:ry m 1 la discretion, par '«♦ of
any moves In the Tr-M-urv n-it therwl** »n
ircrrlntiHl the differe'.ee betwvtn Uw ' resent
worth, computed as aforesaid, of the outstand
ing bonds surrendered In accordance with the
provisions of this act and their par value.
NATIONAL IJANKS-That upon deposit by
rational banking a?*>eiatlons of any bonds of
the United States under the provisions of sec
tions MSS and SIM of the Revised Statutes of the
United Plates such associations -hall be en
titled to receive from the Comptroller of the
Currency circulating notes of different denom
inations' In black, registered an countersigned,
as provided by existing law. equal In face value
to the par value of the bonds so deposited; and
national banking associations now having
bends on depv*it for the security of circulating
notes -«- In face value than the par value of
the bonds, or which may hereafter have such
bends on deposit, shall »>e entitled, upon due
application to the Comptroller of the Currency,
to receive additional circulating notes In blank
to an omount which shall jn<-rra.<«e the aggre
gate value of the circulating notes held by such
afsooiatlons to the pnr value of the bonds de
posited, such Additional notes to be held and
treated In the same way as circulating- notes
cf national t>nnklng associations heretofore Is
sued, ard subjected to .11 the provisions of ex
!Mlnc law en*"cting such not»s.
Provided, thai nothing herein contained shall
V- construed tn modify or repeal the provisions
of •.•„•-..• 6171 of the Revised Statute?
cf ihe Tilted States, authorizing the Comptral
\r-r of the Currency to require additional depos
its of bonds or of lawful money In case the
market value of the b<-nds held to secure the
circulating notes shall fall below the par value
of the circulating noteF outstanding, for which
such bonds may be deposited as ■eciuritjr.
And provided further, that the circulating
notes furnished to national banking associations
under the provisions of this act shall be of th»
denominations prescribed by existing law. ex
cept that m national banking association shall,
after the passage of this act. be entitled to re
ceive or to Iwir or rcl«sue or place in circula
tion nny circulating notes of a less denomina
tion than $19.
And provided further, that at no time shall
the trtal amount cf such notes Issued to any
surh ftSFryintion exceed the nmount-at such
time of its capital stock actually paid in.
tax ON CIRCULATION— That every na
tional banking association having on deposit, as
provided by sections MJS nnd SICO of the Revised
Statutes, bends of the Unlt.d States bearing
Interest at the rate of 2 per cent per annum
to »«-cur«« Its circulating not»««. shall pay to the
Treasurer of the United State* in the months
of January and July a tax of one fourth of 1
p*r cent c:<ch half year noon the average
amount of ruch of its circulating notes as are
l-ared upon the deposit of said 2 per cent bonds,
nnd such taxes ehall be In lieu of existing tax**
on Its circulating nr.tes imposed by section 5214
t f the Revised Statutes.
Clark by himself and his agents did bribe
sundry members of said legislative assem
bly to vote for him for said olllce," tho
memorialists alleging that he was not the
untramrntkd choice of the Legislature of
Montana. The assertion is made that by
: corruption and bribery Mr. Clark was en
i abled to secure enough votes to compass
his election as Senator.
It li recited that the sum of $30,000 paid
to nn-mbers of the Legislature by Mr.
lark or his agents for votes was pro
duced In open session of the Legislature
and deposited In the treasury of Mon
tana, where it still remains till un
claimed by Mi Clark. The sum of $25,000.
" It is alleged, »a? to be paid for the votes
of four members of the Legislature. It
im alleged •hat the J30.1M) is but a Bmall
fraction of the amount expended by Mr.
I Clark to compass his election. The me
morialists offer to show to the Senate
ample evidence to establish the charges
they mak»\ The charges are signed by
Henry S. Stiff. Speaker of the House, and
twentv-srven other members of the Mon
tana Legislature.
App'uued to and made a part of tho
memorial is a report of the investigation
made of the election of Senator Clark by
the Legislature of Montana.
Mr. Carter also presented a petition
Figned by Robert B. Smith, Governor of
Montana: T. E. Collins. State Treasurer;
H»nry S. Stiff, and many other prominent
citizens of Montana, asking for an early
and full hearing of the charges against
Senator Clark, which are set out fully in
the petition.
Th*» petition declares that "for the pur
pose of securing the oupport of member*
of paid legislative assembly to vote for
and elect the said William A. Clark he
did confederate and conspire with parties
, named and unnamed by the petitioners to
1 corrupt and bribe the members of said
: legislative assembly and to thereby se
cure their rotes in behalf of the candi
! dacy of said William A. Clark." It is al
leged that Clark did In the furtherance
; of his desires pay large sums of money to
the member* of the Legislature for their
; votes The petition then nantes a. num
• ber of members of th« Legislature, with
the sums they are alleged to have re
ceived set opposite their names. The.
sums aesrreirate. according to th petition
, In addition to the sums alleged" to have
beer. paid by Senator Clark to members
for their vote* or influence It Is assorted
, that Senator Clark offered to various per
sons for their votes or Influence sums ag
gregating Jlui.W. hose persons also are
named In the petition. The petitioners
?u'. or .. lhßt many other sums unknown at
this time were nald out corruptly by Son-
o tor Cl. irk !n .-wlvnnc'.ng his candidacy for
tile cerate.
OBJECTS TO THE FRENCH
TREATY WITH AMERICA
Member of the Paris Senate Attacks
the Course of Hit Gov
ernment.
PARIS. Dec. 4.— ln the Senate to-dny M
Fresneti protested against the «!f7nin»r of
f hr Franco-Amrrlcnn convention of July
Ik without the knowledge of lntorvstwl
parties, puch as the Chamber of Com
merce and agricultural associations. He
also !«ald the Senate ou»ht to demand a
postponement and an examination of the
trr.ity until the interested parties had
mnde thoir obnervatlons on the sublet.
M. Mlllr-rand. tho Minister of Com
mfrcf. replied that the toxt of the' ■con
vention would be communicated to the
CliimbTs of Commerce and ARriculture.
by ■whirh satisfaction would b* given to
all. M. < «nou wished for a further <*.1s
cu?«lon of the convention, hut the Ben
■te r*t\ii>r<i to n^rre to It. »
In the Chnmbrr of Deputies, during the
discussion of th«» hudx*t. the House, at
the request of th*> Premier. M. Waldeck-
RousFeau. rcj*»etrd a proposal to suppress
the fu»cr»M service funds by a vote of 312
against 207.
Election at Ventura.
VKKTTTU, Dec: 4.— At the city election
I hold to-day J. p. Ncwby was elected City
C3 ST k - J ' M. Kaiser City Marshal, and J.
S ' 9°s} n ?' S. L. aw. Jules Fcraud. Nlm-
I pod \ ckers and Nick Hearne elected
I Council men.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAUL, TUESDAY, DEC E^l TIER 5, 1899.
COIN THAT UNCLE
SAM MUST SPEND
Estimates for the Next
Fiscal Year.
Special 1 >!spat<-h to Th» <~"all.
WASHINGTON. Dec. The Secretary
of the Tn-asury transmitted to-day to the
House of Representatives estimates of ap
propriations required for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1901. The aggregate is
J531.051.994— an increase over the estimates
for th<s present fiscal your of $35.033,61£.
and an increase over the appropriations
for the present fiscal year of J31.255.024.
Following is the total recapitulation by
departments of the estimates for next
year, cents omitted:
Estimates for 1901: legislative. $».S!G.~";
Executive. tK7.HO: Mate Department. J2.133.
275; Treasury Department. $102,171,442: War De
partment. JiyO.m.Er.l; Navy Department. *'<».
4S3.CW); Interior Department. J174.5C0.541; Post
office Department. f4,351.6»; Department of
Agriculture, |4,M - I>partment of Labor.
UTI.ViO: Department of Justice. |6,t7»,670; grand
j total. f£31.0%1.»»4.
Appropriations for 1900: LeeUlatlve, $19.4::.
iri- Executive. $21S,7CS; State Department. $24,
039.615; Treasury Department. $1C'>.891.410: War
X>ei artment. JIO.OSS.S^S; Nnvy Department. tSI,-
S2S.ZOO; Interior Department $1G7.Cu2.515; Post
office Department. J1.625.551; Department of
Agriculture. $3,726,094; Department of Labor,
J172.850; Department of Justice. 3:2.077; grand
. total. K*6.&4<.970.
Among the estimates for the next fiscal
year are the following:
Army and navy pensions, J144.0OO.O0O; expenses
of pension-examining surgeons. $1. 700, 000; all
I other expenses. iiSi>,232— making the total on
account of pensions »145.23>>.2;'2. This Is J33SJ
le*s than the appropriations for the current
I year.
New Jail. penitentiary and other buildings
at Sltka, Alaska $110,000; Laboratory Marine
Hospital service. $50,000. _
Government buildings: At Abilene. Texas.
$37,000; Beaumont. Texas, J37.M0; Butte. Mont.,
$;.0.000; Chlcajco, $.'.00,000; Cleveland, 0.. $fc».t«.O:
Baltimore. $lU).000; Helena. Mont.. 1129.791; In
dUnftpolls. $V»,f>oo: Leadville. Colo., $:i.«0; Los
Angeles. Cal.. $100.(«X>: Oakland. Cal.. $50,000;
; Omaha Neb JW.^v Philadelphia Mint, $351.
27;; Salem. Or.. (Z5.000. . , -„
Quarantine station, San Diego. Cal.. 1:3. .o0;
quarantine sation. San Francisco. H17.500.
Fixed aids to navluatlon. to coat over $10,000
, each as follows: Bftbtne Hank Light Station.
: Texas. $60.0.); light and fog signal station.
Sablne Pass. Texas. $40.0uO; light and fog sig
nal station. Point Buochon, Cal... $S3.000; Hum
bnldt Day. Cal.. $23.00.'): Relief light vessel. Pa
cific Coast » •■ ••'; light vessel oft Cape Men
divlno. Cal.. JSO.OOO; light an<l fog signal sta
tion. mt»uth of Columbia River. Or., $24,000;
tame. Burrows Island. Wa?h.. $15,000; same,
Semlahmoo. Wash., $2S.0 l "«J.
Important Increases in appropriations
are asked for improvements and exten
sions of the following navy-yard* and
naval stations:
For the navy yard at Portsmouth. N. H..
JG02.000 Increase nearly $300,030; navy yard ut
Boston, $1.97'. *W. Increase about $1,4f<0.00>): naval
Ftation at New London, 160.000, Increase $25,
»); navy yard at Brooklyn, $1,977,000, Increase
nearly Jl.OOO.OuO; navy yunl at League Island.
Pa.. $LSG3.<*2. increase $1,663,000; navy yard at
Washington. $575.'017. Increase $870,000; navy
yard at Norfolk. Va,. $1.64 I >.o<». Increase J1.00").
000; naval station at I'ort Royal. S. C, $S^2»o.
Increase $SS.C>OO; naval station at Key west.
$117.0i>): naval station of San Junn. Porto Rico,
$525.<w>; nav>- yard at Pensacola, Fla.. $2!<.&o'>;
naval r*-?enatlon at Algiers. La.. $145,000; navy
yard at Mare I«land. Cal.. $1,152.70): naval sta
tion at Puget Sound. Wash., J225.0C5; dredging
the Pry Tortugas, Ma.. ID-" O maintenance
of naval station at Havana, Cuba, JM00; dry
dock at Algiers. La.. $6AO)0: toward the com
pletion of dry docks at Portsmouth. N. H..
$200,oo); at Boston. $400,000: at League Island.
$100,010; at Mare Island. 000,000.
For build;:. for cadets" quarters at the
Naval Academy at Annapolis, not to exceed
In total cost $J.MS.OOO. $$.7>.o>">o. For power
bouse at the Naval Academy, $200,000; storage
warehouse, workshops, etc., at Naval Acad
em;-. $2<X>.ooo; for continuation of seawall at
Naval Academy. 000,406; foundations for gun
battery and beacon*. $80,000: brick subway.
JiOfO; for purchase of land adjacent to acad
emy $11. 0W; for four new double houses. $7*i.<Mo.
For purchase of additional land to Govern
ment Hospital for the Insane at Washington,
1245.000: .-'ruction of gun and mortar bat
teries. Including works for defense of ports of
Porto Rico pneumatic dynamite batteries, etc..
J5.9R9.000: Installation of. range and position
finders. $150,000; sites for fortifications and sea
coo.su $200,000; armament of . fortifications,
JS.9H.OJS; total amount asked for fortifications
and other works of defense, J11.725.338.
For the construction of building's at military
pests, barrack*, ate., tot artillery in connection
with project for sea crvwt defense, |2,0<W.00Q;
for construction of ice plant* at military posts
I In Cuba P.->rto Rico. Hawaii and the Philip
! pine?. XfOO.OOI.
Hot Improvement of Yellowstone National
! Park JJ10.000; Chickamauira and Chattanooßa
National Park*. I 60.000; Gettysburg National
Park. $100. 0W: hlleh National Military Park.
: Jij.ooo: Vlcksburtr National Park. $G5.090.
Among the river and harbor improve
ments estimated for under continuous
contracts on which the Rum asked for Is
$100,000 or over are the following:
! Oakland. Oak harbor. $ISO.QOQ; San Francisco
■ harbor. 1170.000: San Pedro. Pal., harbor. 1200.
00): -■■•• Wa«h.. harbor. $150,000; Grays
Harbor. \\a«h. $345,000.
Also the following river and harbor im
1 provements: Mouth of Pras»i< River. Texas,
$220,000: Lower Willamette River, below Port
land, Or., PtMW: Columbia River at the Cas
cades. Or.. $123,000; waterway connecting l'u
ret and with Lakes Union and Washington,
$100,000.
A I*o harbor Improvements as follows: Ran i
| Dletro. Cal., $100,000; Baa Luis Oblspo, Cal..
H35.000.
The total amount estimated under the
I title of public works l.« $16,416,223. as
! against $40,€03.466, the amount of the cur
rent appropriations
Of the sum appropriated during the cur
j rent year on account of the State Depart
' ment $20,000,000 was paid to Spain under
the treaty of Paris.
FIXING BOUNDARY
LINES IN AFRICA
Object of the Conference at Rome
Between the Italian and English
Representatives.
ROMR. Pec. 4.— The confer* nee here be
tween the Minister of Foreign Affair*,
Marquis Vlscontl Venosta: Commissioner
Martini; the British Emha^ador, Sir
Philip W. Currle. and Jam.-s Rennol
Rodd. the Hritißh Consul General in
Egypt, who was special envoy to King
Menelik of Abyssinia in IW(7, was s->i. ly
concerned with the delimitation of the
frontiers of Brythrea and tho Soudnn
and the details of frontier arrangements
affecting Intercourse between the two
territories. It was the presence in Italy
of Commissioner Martini, who is Gov
ernor of Erythrea, which suggested the
expediency of Mr. Rodd's visit In ord^r
to rapidly and \erbally arrange matters.
The Associated Press Is officially In
formed that Emperor William of Ger
many was neither consulted nor Inter
ested in the arrangement, which was
furoly one of boundaries, upon which
tnly, more r<« p matter of courtesy than
anything else, was consulted. No elerr- nt
of offensive or defensive alliance was
ronsidered. and the reports to the efffot
published in the United Btatefl are oftl
dally characterized as absolutely un
tru«.
POSTMASTERSHIP CONTEST.
Koster's Chances for the Position in
Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES; Dec. 4.— Upon tho. per
sonnel of the Rivers and Harbors Com
mittee of the House of Representatives
will probably depend the Po<*tma. c
of Lob Angeles. Among the candidates is
John Koster, present clerk in the.South
ern Pacific Arcade depot. , Koster Is a
brother-in-:r.w of Speaker David Hender
son. Congressman R. J. Waters of this
district desires to serve as Pacific Coast
representative on the Rivers and Harbors
Committee, ..n<l It Is -understood that It
Speaker Henderson accommodates the
Los Angel*- Congrosman the latter will
get in behlno the Postmaster ct Los An
geles.
If Waters is turned down some oth»r
man may be Mathown' succesror. Speaker
Henderson is said to be fond of his broth
«r-ii.-l:iw. whom he placed with the
Southern Pacific when he was here on a
visit three >ears ago. The new Speaker,
on the other hand. It is said. Is not enam
ored of Congressman Waters, who in th*
early stages of the Spenkcrshlp contest
lied himself at the wrong time to boom
Congressman Sherman of New York.
THE SKULL IN SAN JOSE.
Officials Have Little Hope of Proving
It to Be Dunham's.
BAN JOBE. Dec. 4.-Sheriff Langrford re-
cejv.d this morning the xkull sent from
Baa Dfecp, which the officers there ii.it.k
may be hunham's. The local officers are
puzzled to know how they are to identify
the bom.-. All the lower <«w bones and
tt-eth are gone. The remainder of the
skull Is intact save there are only three
upper teeth left. None of theM show any
eifcn of dental work.
A blue necktie comes with the skull.
This w;.s r.iui d In the cave In Lower Cal
ifornia with the remains. It Is of silk or
satin anu , a in a g< "<i state of preserva
tion. It is a tie which could hay.
Used for a four-in-hand or ordinary
double bowknot. ap the wearer might
see flt. No marks nave been found on
it. A powerful glass may show some
thing on the tie or teeth. Dentists and
doctors will be called in to view the frag
ments, but the officer* have no hope of
identification. They think It unfortunate
that the southern officials did not m;ik> a
careful Investigation when, months ago,
the skeleton was found In the cave.
REICHSTAG DISCUSSES
FINANCIAL LEGISLATION
Bill to Increase the Silver Coinage
Bef erred to a Special
Committee. . •. :
BERLIN. Dec. 4.— The Reichstag to-dar
discussed the Government's currency bill
{ providing for an Increase of silver coins
until the amount reaches the proportion
1 of fourteen marks per head of the popu
i lation. Dr. yon Thlelman, (Secretary of
■ the Treasury, said the Increase was im
1 perative, adding that other pieces would
at the same time be withdrawn from cir
culation. Germany In 1597, he continued.
Imported 40.000.U00. and in 1£99. up to Sep
tember :0, 47.000,000 marks in gold more
: than she exported.
Regarding the maintenance of the sold
standard and the stoppage of the gold
output of South Africa, he asked what
would be the result If the war lasted
longer than a year. Ilerr We!tz°len. Con
servative, remarked that the Boers were
not only gallant defenders of their lib
erty, but also held the keys of their gold
deposits, and might cut off much of Ger
l many's small gold supply.
Hcrr Koch, director of the Reichstag,
pointed out that all th« great states had
now adopted- the gold standard, which he
; regarded- as settling the question of bi
1 metallism.
Dr. Arendt. secretary of the German Rl
1 metallic League, attributed the rise In the
. discount rate to the scarcity of gold. Dr.
Siemens, director of the German Bank,
said he considered that the International
money conventions, anticipated by Dr.
Arendt, were impossible of realization and
that there was absolutely no prospect of
the restoration of the silver standard.
The bill eventually was referred to a
; special committee
DEFRAUDED PERSONS
SEEKING COMPANY
Trying to Prevent the Return of Un-
opened Letters Sent to the
Franklin Syndicate.
NEW YORK. Dec. 4.— lt 13 expected
that a petition will be made by attorneys
claiming to represent a large number of
depositors who were caught In the Frank
lin Syndicate crash to Judge Thomas of
the United States Court, enjoining Post
master Wilson of Brooklyn from return-
Ing to the senders the mass of letters sup
posed to contain a large amount of funds
received In his office since the collapse of
the syndicate and held there by moan:; of
a fraud order from the Government pro
hibiting the delivery of mall to Miller's
concern. The motion will be based on an
affidavit giving the fist of an interview
with Postmaster General Wilson. In
which he Is said to have set tho value of
the money-bearing letters now in the pos
session of the P<w«tofnce Department at
from $75,000 to $100,000. with an average of
$20,000 coming in each' day.
It will be urged that the senders of
money by mail did, by so sending, become
creditors of the concern known as the
Franklin Syndicate and are therefore en
titled only to such share of it* assets as
a regularly appointed receiver, acting
under the bankruptcy laws of the United
States, shall be able to distribute to them.
The attorneys for the depositors claim
that the United States postal authorities
in returning funds are making, themselves
liable for the assets of the syndicate.
GENERAL HARRISON
ON THE ROBERTS CASE
Declares It Would Be a Shame to Let
the Polyg-amist Sit in
Congress.
INDIANAPOLIS. Dec. 4.— Ex-President
Benjamin Harrison was asked to-day If
he, would assist the Anti-Roberts League
In Its efforts to prevent the seating of
Congressman-el^ct Rooerts. He said:
"Overtures have been made to me by
persons connected with the league, but
they were merely tentative. I was asked
If I could assist the league. 1 replied
that my time (I having Just returned
home) would be too much occupied for
me to go Into the case. The matter was
not pressed."
"What is your opinion of the case?"
"As for myself. i share with the whole
country the feeling that to allow a man
who is living with plural wives to sit In
the Congress of the United States would
not be American. It would be a national
shame.
Q«nera] Harrison wns not backward in i
Indicating hia entire sympathy with the
movement to pr^v<-nt the alleged polyga
rnlst from taking his Mat
KIDNAPED HER CHILD.
Mrs. Isenber^er Did Not Want Him j
to Be in His Father's Care.
STOCKTON. Dec. 4.-Mrs. Louise Isen
berger. who is suing for divorce from
Ezra Isenberger. kidnaped her child to
day and is supposed to have left with it
on the afternoon train for San Francisco |
Mrs. Itenberjrer !»'ft her husband and chil
dren pome four or Jive ye.ars ago and has
since been living in San' Francisco. ben
berger. who li employed in Troy Laun
dry, retains his old affection for her and I
opposes a decree of divorce. He ha* been
supporting the children, of which the ■
youngest is seven years old.
This morning Mrs. Isenberger came up ;
( from the metropolis. She went to Jackson i
School this afternoon and told Principal I
, Moblcy that she had come for her boy,
the youngest, who was attending tho '
1 school. The principal could not prevent .
I her from taking the child, but he Imme
diately telephoned •to the father. A few
minutes later Isenberger, with his sleeves
I rolled up and soapsuds on his hair,
rushed Into the office of Attorney Mc-
Noble and informed him that "she had
taken the boy and gone." He wanted to
get out a search warrant or an attach- I
ment or some legal paper to stop his wife
from spiriting away their child.
Isenberger threatens to follow her to
San Francisco and take the child by force
If necessary.' There promises- to be some
thing doing when the case Is called for
trial on Wednesday.
NO CHANGE CONTEMPLATED.
Offices of the Oregon Short Line Not
to Be Moved.
OMAHA, Dec. 4.— General Auditor
Toung of the Union Pacific said positively ,
I to-day that the auditing department of
the Oregon Short Line would not bo
' moved back to Omaha and consolidated
I with that of the Union Pacific, as was
i the case before the receivership, but that
It would remain where It is at present.
I Another general oflicer of the Union Pa
cific said that the same was true of the
general offices of the Short Line. They
i were at present admirably organized, and
: the disadvantages of removal would be
! greater than the the advantages. The
talk of removal was largely due. th" ofB
; clal said, to the fact that they were for
merly here, but the forced change when !
the roads were segregated under the re- !
ceivership had demonstrated that It was
a good move.
a
FUNERAL OF J. J. REED.
Hundreds of Sorrowing Friends Fol
low the Remains to the Grave.
SAN RAFAEL. Dec. 14.— The funeral of
John J. Reed, which occurred, under Ma- i
sonic auspices to-day, was one of . the ,
largest ever seen in the county. At the
Masonic Teniple the service was read by
Master Mason W. F. Jones and at the
cemetery by the Rev. Dr. Marshall.
In the cortege the Native Sons led. with
the Odd Fellows second and tho Masons
third. The pallbearers were W. N. Ander- j
| son. James Watson, Stephen Richardson,
I Thomas 11. Han?en. Ira Parks and Wil
liam Gllndermann. The interment was i
| at Mount Olivet Cemetery. J
HOW CONVICTS
SMUGGLE OPIUM
Drug Cleverly Concealed
on Their Persons.
to The Call.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON, Dec. 4.— ln
their desperate efforts to smuggle opium
and morphine Inside the prison walls the
convicts have resorted to methods that
have caused the officials amazement, ac-
customed as they are to exhibitions of
Ingenuity on the part of the prisoners In
the endeavor to obtain their regular sup
ply of the baneful drug: Warden Agulrre
has lately been kept keenly on the alert
and has succeeded in baffling the plans
of the "fiends" and their accessories, with
the result that large 'quantities of opium
have been seized within two weeks, the
value of which will aggregate more than
$1000.
About two weeks ago the Warden found
a quantity of opium, worth nearly lIOUQ,
cached near San Clemente, where the
"road gang" has been at work on the
Tlburon boulevard. It was put up in such
a manner that the men could easily con
ceal it on their persons.
Last Saturday evening, as the same
gang of prisoners was passing the Ward
en's office on the way to their cells, he
noticed one of the convicts throw his right
hand carelessly about. As all prisoners
are under orders to keep their hands
clasped, t^iis movement excited the offi
cial s suspicion. He ordered the gardener
to make ■ search. A small quantity ••*
opium, done in in tinfoil, the package
being of the circumference of a 25-cent
piece and about three times as thick, was
found. A watch was kept ami a box of
these packages was unearthed where It
had been cached near the line of the bou
levard. There was enough opium in the
box to be worth POO. The man who threw
his arms about was placed in a strait-
Jacket, and on the second day of his
punishment confessed that the package.*
had been made of a size convenient to
hold in the mouth and that ■ few of them
had been smuggled inside the prison be
fore the Warden discovered the trick.
Further investigations have discovered
the fact that the convicts have been car
rying opium through the gates in small
quantities by gluing small packages un
der the armpits beneath their clothing. A
copy of an Eastern paper was examined
the other day and found to contain a
goodly quantity of morphine. The con
victs are not allowed to read coast papers,
hut the mailing of Eastern publications
to them by their friends is permitted.
hero the different sheets of this particu
lar paper had been glued together the
space glued was an inch broad, and be
tween the two lines of the mucilage was
contained the morphine.
Since these discoveries the Warden has
issued orders that every convict work
ing outside the walls shall be stripped
and searched before being allowed inside
the gates. This innovation began yester
day, and a startling discovery was made
on the occasion of the first search. One
of the convicts had been supplied with a
pah* of artificial pads for the calves of
his legs, and enough opium was found in
side the pads to have supplied the prison
for a week.
"We have kept a close watch on the
smugglers." said "Warden Aguirre to-day,
"and are confident that we nave discov
ered who is supplying or trying to sup
ply the 'fiends' with the drug. He Is an
ex-convict named James Harrison, who
Served a five-year term for burglary from
Los Antrrles and was discharged on Oc
tober 22 last The man Is cunning
or... ugh not to commit a felony by bring
ing the drug on the prison grounds, but
we Intend to prosecute the convicts and
make them feel' that the risk of smug
gling is too great for the continuance of
the practice."
LONDON LORD MAYORS CASE.
Justice Wright Says It Constitutes
Nothing Short of a Scandal.
LONDON, Dec. 4.— At the conclusion to
dny of the investigation Into the concern
with which Lord Mayor Newton was said
to have been unfavorably mixed. Justice
Wright salil he had no judgment to grive.
He added -that the Investigation was
solely to enable the official receiver ol the
g«p^— *am*m m^^m
Bflß V^pßc^^f^ gr ' B^L^ jB" FVaßi üß^^^^Bm '"*
I /^ m ~^*^?^^^i^^f ?2^r ■q* -^^* ' ' * » ' m. fa
3 v^jPoj'. B i^*^b fly^C<uS(B^B^r B^bl BbT ß^bl B^Bk B^Bl^B^B^V^ '
■F^Sk^Br^k. B^EBi I fl^B^B^B^B^B^B^Bl »"' ' d ■ ■''' *''*" ' *&
L<Z^SB^^^^^BB^B¥MB"B^Bfß^B^ a jfljfljPPH^l|^^ M| tl^QM^ M i^l i '2Ml'-^'
company to take other proceedings, If he
so desired. It was due to Lord Miiyor
Newton, he declared, to say that he had
successfully resisted the attempt of Pro
moter Mendel to appropriate £28.00<> for
his own purport's, such articles of asso
elation, however, according to Justice
Wright , constituted nothing short of a
scandal.
RANCHER TRIES TO
KILL AN EMPLOYE
T. Cignlotti of Olema Fires Twice at
B. Locatelli When His Back
Is Turned.
OI.KMA. Dec. 4— A shooting scrape oc
curred near here on the ranch of T.
Clgalotti last Saturday evening, the de
tails "of which have Just become public
property. From the Information sent by
an Investigator to District Attorney Mc-
Isnac at San Rafael to-day It scorns that
Cigalotti attempted to kill an employe
named B. Locatelli In a manner most
cowardly, lie shot twice at Locatelll.
but both bullets missed their Intended
mark.
Locatelli and Ctgalottl got Into an ar
gument as to whether or not eight horses
could haul a .heavy load of lumber over
the muddy road between Olema and Bo
llnas. Bo fierce grew the argument that
It ended In ahuse and a fistic encounter,
in which th» rancher was bested.
Walking into the house Cigalottl pro
cured ■ rifle and when Locatelli was
about fifty yards away tired at him. The
bullet went wide of the mark and Loca
telli returned to Inquire if the shot had
been meant for him. His former em
ployer laughed good-humoredly and said
he had shot at a stump. He then walked
Into the house and returned with a hand
ful of coin, out of which he paid Loca
telU his wages. The men parted in a
fairly good humor and Locatelli walked
down the road.
Whpn aboul two hundred yardl away
tartled »>>• thi
rin«> and a luillet whistled close to his
.-• • .UK tiiat ;ii» treacherous em
ployer m. nnf to kill b'm. Ix>oitelll .lo.ljr^d
into the brush and ptuceeded to town, lie
informed a number of aoqualntancea of
the affair, and one of them cent M. - Isaac
the inforniittion to-day. It Is pn
that Cigalottl will be .irr^st.-.l to-morrow
on a chart.-, of assault with Intent to com
mit murder.
NEW FRATERNITY HOUSES.
Sororities Will Erect Two Handsome
Building-s at Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Dec. 4-
Two new fraternity houses will soon b«
added to those already built on LftMMfl
street, the avenue which Mrs. Stanford
has designated as her "fraternity row."
The curious part Is that both parties who
are planning to build are Sororities, or girl
fraternities, as they choose to be called.
The Delta Gammas will probably begin
building llrst. as they already have an
architect engaged In drawing up plans.
and active work will commence shortly
after the beginning of the new year.
The other party of ambitious girls Is
the newly formed Alpha Phi Sorority.
Though they only received their charter
from the national fraternity last May
they are already one of the largest and
strongest of the girls' organizations .it
Stanford. It is rumored that their house
la to be the most elaborately planned of
any of the fraternity houses on the -.m
pus. Work will commence within a few
months, as the location Is definitely set
tled.
Next Year's Captain.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Dee. 4 —
The football men will meet next Thursday
night to elect a captain to lead them next
year. Burnett's Is the only name men
tioned for the place, and It Is likely that
the giant tackle will be unanimously
elected on the first ballot. He Ik the only
player with the credit of having played In
two Thanksgiving game* who will be in
college next year. This. together with
the fact that he Is a general favorite with
his fellows, makes him the logical candi
date for this the greatest of all college
honors.
Hayden Leaves Stanford.
STANFORD INI VKRStTY. Dec. 4 —
• \-irl T. Hay.len ft, MM of Stanford
debaters and sub-center on this year's
Varsity football team, left college for his
home in Arizona to-day. The very Mrtoug
decline of his father's health, which was
th^ cause of Mr. Hayden's withdrawal
from colleßf. may prevent his finishing
his college course.
CANVASS GIVES
GOEBEL THE LEAD
Kentucky Election Com-
missioners Meet.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
FRANKFORT. Ky.. Dec. 4.-Flfty-on*
counties were canvassed by the Stato
Board of Election Commissioners to-day,
out of a total of 113 In the Stat-. Of these
flfty-onc counties lire were passed over
to be considered immediately upon con
clusion of the work of the canvassing
hoard.
The counties canvassed give Ooebel a
total vote of 74.104 and Taylor 6S.JCS. Th«
counties passed over are Christian. F!*m-
Ing, Green. Harlan and Harrison. Th«
bourd met at 11:30 o'clock In the office
of Secretary of State Flnley. all thrca
members- Chief Justice Prior of the State
Supreme Court. U. T. BUlfl ami C. U.
Poyntz— being present. There was a clash
between the comml.«.«ionera and Secretary
of State Flnley, who. by virtue of hi.<
ofT.ce. acted as custodian of the certifies
received from the county boards of elec
tion. "We are ready for the returns. Mr.
Flnley," said Judge Prior.
• Adalr County.'" rrpllrd the Secretary,
handing out an envelope.
"Why don't you give us the returns
from the entire State?" Inquired Mr.
Ills*
"I am custodian of these returns." re
piled Mr. Flnley. "and an such l propose
to keep them In my own hands. Id not
mean that the board would misuse them,
but as they are In my charge and I am
responsible for them I cannot give them
up except as they arc required by th«
board."
"They are the property of the board.
Mr. Flnley." replied Mr. Ellis, "an- tho
board haw all the right In the world to
have them, one by one or all at once, an
It may elect. I am willing that you
should be Joint custodian of the record*
while they are In the possession of thw
board, but 1 consider that even a con
cession upon the part of the board."
"1 must decline to hand them over."
was Mr. Flnley's reply, and request leavu
to consult with my legal advisers."
Mr. Ellis waived his hand In assent and
after a short talk with Augustus Wilson
of Louisville, the attorney acting for the*
Republican party. Mr. Finley turned
around, remarking:
"1 will waive the point. Mr. Ellis: her*
are the returns," and he. handed them out.
This was practically the only argument
that occurred during the day. and it wu
carried on without bitterness or dl.i
courtesy on either side.
During the day fifty-one counties, ex
cepting the five that were passed over,
were canvassed. The board will meet
again at *:30 o'clock to-morrow morning.
'.• will probably take the board tuu
greater pert of to-morrow to canvass th«
returns of the remaining counties, and It
will then resolve Itself into a contesting
board, adjourn to the large hall In which
the Legislature meets, and for a short
time the vocal fireworks will b*> In order.
The real work that will count for th»
election of Ooebi or Taylor will b«>gtn
then. There was nothing In the work of
to-day that will count for much.
The town was very quiet to-day. A
large number of men. moat of them Re
publicans, came In from outlying coun
ties, and one enthusiast came In uniform
without hnvlnt: been ordered to do so.
Among the arrivals were Lieutenant*
Sparks and Coville of the Laurel County
militia, but they did not rome on orders.
They came, according to Adjutant General
Collier, as private cltlzon* to see what
was going on. There was not a semblance*
of a row of any kind during th*» day.
Mayor Dehonejr nwnre In sixty extra po
licemen, but they were as much on ac
count of the crowds drawn by the court
day and the opening of the Congressional
campaign. _^____________
Burdette Returns.
PASADENA, Dec. 4-Rev. find Mrs.
Robert J. Burdette returned yesterday
from a 15.000 mile lecturing trip. Mrs.
Burdette also lectured, and her husband
boasts that she can get ready for a trip
on an short notice a.« he can. Mr Bur
dette will resume the pastorate of th«
First Presbyterian Church.YOUNG CLOSING
IN ON AGUINALDO
Believes He Is in the
Benguel Mountains.
MAY CAPTURE HIM THERE
FIVE AMERICANS UNDER HOOD
ARE WOUNjjED.
R#connoiterin£ Party Near San Mi
guel Drives the Insurgents Out
of Ildefenso With Heavy
Loss.
■PKta.l Dl*patch to The Call.
MANILA. Dec. S.-Colonel Hood, while
reconnoltcrlnp near San Miguel, drove a
force of insurgents from Ildefonso. kill
ing BCrerat Five Americans were -light
ly wouniipd.
An Associated Press dispatch from Da
gupan. containing advices later thun
thos<> from Santa Cruz, says that Gen
eral Ynunj: hojxs to nnd Agulnaldo In
Penjrufl Mountain pass and to capture
Lsm there. Hnth entrancen to Benpuol are
fnrt!fl«d. Two whole troops of cavalry
will rHnforce General Young in the pass.
The Spanish transport Allva and the
punLoats Villa l^ohes and Qulos. with the
Spanish garrison and civilians of the Car
oline Islands, arrived here to-day. They
report that the German Governors of the
Islands, who arrived on the warship Ja
punr. occupied Yap November 3. Reipan
Noveml>« r 1« and Ponape October 3. They
parriM.ned the places with Ilfteen m«-n
each. The Spanish Governors of Yap and
ronape h.-ild th«-y considered the small
Orman garrisons in danm-r from the na
tives.
The Spanish gunboats will probably b«
offm-d for sale to the L'nlterl States t»;»v
crrment.
Ben
■
M 1
ill, but
■
•noiiey
Captmln Elubold, with thirty-five men of
Company G. Thirty-*' omd Infantry.
while .-f;cnrling the Signal «V.rps laying
the win- trom P«rao to Florida Ulanca,
charged and routed seventy insurgent*,
killing a raptain an«l •ever*) privates.
The Americans found on the captain t*i«j
Fword and revolwr that wero taken tr.'m
th«- body of Naval Cadet Welborn C.
Wood, who was killed by the insurgents
while in rommand of the gunboat L'r
daneta. whrn that vc-ssel was captured In
tho «>rail Rlvor.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 4.-G#»ncral Otis*
Imtesi casualty list Is as follows:
MANILA. Doc. 3— The following deaths
since last nport: Drowned— Hio Grand.-.
< "rtolK-r 27. Clarence Hor.^part, K .
Tw. nty-fourth Infantry: acute dysen
tery. November 26. Thomas Smith, a..
T»( nty-srrnnd Infantry: 27th. Thomns Jl.
Pall. E. Twemy-seventh: 2Cth. Dewar.ee
Goodrich, artificer. Ninth Infantry: 2*>th.
l^iuls Mohun. Ninth Infantry, gunshct
wound in action; 27th. Richard P. Cor-
» ett. C. Twonty-slxth Infantry: 24th,
Harry Hl«rock, sergeant. H. Twen'.y-
Flxth Infantry: 2.*.th. James E. Roonev,
A. Tw< nty-slxth: IT'th. John C. ■ therny,
c. Fourth Infantry: urat-mia. »'th. John
H. Williams. F Sixth Artillery: chroiic
Ilnrrhfa. .I'th. Jamrs M. Hart." A. Ninth
Infantry: l>«-oomlHT 1. Fay Foster, D.
Ninth.
SIGNIFICANCE OF
MEAT QUESTION
•
First Serious Test of
Friendly Relations.
BjwclsJ l)i*r*trh to i • ■ Call.
BERLIN. I>ec. 4.— The question of
American meat Imports Into Germany has
nlready created much bad blood on both
H<V.s <>f •!.■ «»r«-an. and it Mill looks as
though this matter would prove the first
f-'Tlnun t<st of the friendly understand
ing reachi-d between the two countries,
lti this controversy, as In others, there
nr<- two opposing currents within the Ger
man Government. The fact that the m
2!i>'iict-s favorable to the United States,
which are directed by Count yon Bulow,
&r<- just now again in control has Wen
• ..-.►■. demonstrated.
The meat inspection bill which the
Rf ichftajr committee, hostile to the United
Btatea, «iiK to have taken up to-day has.
; • . :. ji .-t j..i!i.'ii indefinitely at the insti
gation of th<» Voreign Otllee.
<■•■■;:. t Ostcn-Sacken, Russian Kratiai
tador to Gtimany. is authority for the
ttHiemeiit that neither tJrvat Hrllain nor
Germany has y*-t signed the three con
>«ntionj» and three declarations approved
by the peace conference at The Hague.
tome tinm ago Kngland notified De Heau
forte. the Dutch rVmisn Minister, that
the was ready to slpn with certain re
■ervea. H« j r<-j»ll»-d that us could not be
done, according to the rules of the con
ference, unless the signatory powers con
tented. Itegrardinjj (Jcrmany's failure to
t-lKn Count Osten«Sackeii said she would
be bound in her action by England, and,
referring; to the United States, he re
mark* d that in that ca_«e the signing was
frubject to Conßres.vlunal raiitlcation.
From a source usually reliable It in as
certained that the repeal, of the Pru»»ia.n
law forbidding the ailillailon and coali
tion of political clubs and societies ha*
J.nally bex*n arranßed for by the Imperial
Chancellor. Prince yon Hohenlohe, who
}.as had i»»veraJ private audiences of late
with Kmperor William on the subject.
111? Uajestjr; although formerly onposed
to repeal; has rtnally yielded in preference
to lo*in»; the Chancellor, who Is now able
to redeem his pledge to effect the repeal
bf fore the new civil code goes Into opera
tion January 1.
This evening the Emperor attended the
royal opera. Mm«*. Melba appeared in
"LucJa di Lammermoor." The house was
packed, and almost as many were turned
away as were admitted. Another per
formance will be Riven Friday. Mmc,
Mclr.a will Fins Thursday at an entertain
ment for the benefit of the Red Cross So
ciety in South Africa.
Emperor William's latest boa mot. It
Is !>ald. grew out 'the ardent efforts of
a known Oerman-born American la
Berlin to obtain an audience. The ap
plicant had pleaded that he was only a
<J<*rrn.'in-Am»-rloan member of some Am
erican public body. In refusing his re
quest th«« KaiMT said that Germans born
Jiero. but naturalized in America, became
Americans.
"Irh kenne Amerlkaner. Ich kenne
Peutxche. Aber I hf-Amerlkaner
kenne Ich nicht."
THOUGHT HE WAS AOUINALDO.
Suspiciouß-Looking Stranger Arrest
ed In Vanvouver.
VKSO >1 vi;i: This city
v 'ate of tremendous
letentlon at
1 a man supposed to
• k Informed the
fternoon that a
bearing a
• to Aguinaldo had
. ..m»- %v«-r fr..m Vi torts t< •
that the stranger.
• ' ' l>«*en under sus-
Llious Amer!i-n:i cities When
he le«r:i<-<1 that he was believed t.. 1>«
ilekly proved kn alibi and
vu releaji^d.
Fire in Suisun.
■tJIBuN, Dec 4.— A cottage in FalrfieM
owned by Iff! Kate Campbell and occu
pied by Edward Buker and family was to
tally destroyed by lire early this evening.
Mrs Bufc«>r dropped a lighted coal oil
lamp. An •>; -ii.i, followed and she and
h^r young child narrowly escaped, with
their lives. The Bukers lost their entire
household effects. Loss $COO. with $2"" In
surance. Mrs. Kate Campbell, who owned
th«i building. lost about 1400.
EX-SHERIFF JONES OF
COLUSA PASSES AWAY
THE LATE EDWARD W. JCNES.
COI>UBA« T>ec 4 —Former Sluriff Edward W. Jones, one of the most popular
residents of this section of th. State, died at his home In this city last night.
■ ird Wlnslow .1 t>..m at Wankesha, wis.. July 23. i**k. His father
one ..f the pioneers of Colusa, and his son grew up here. He was a graduate
~' '• Normal Bchool. and when hla father .lied, in iv«>. Bucceeded to the
wheat, woo] ;i! id other produce. He was on the first Board
of Town Trustees, served as such twelve years, was Town Treasurer eight years
and has been School Trustee f..r the last twenty years. Although the county was
it two-thirds Democratic and he the leader of the Republican party In the
eowaty, • Kted County Treasurer in I«*> and Sheriff in 1«*94. In a commu
strongiy opp. .-.-,1 t,, him politically, he has constantly held some position of
trust, He had ■ wide circle Of acquaintances over the State, and his word at
. and abroad was any man's bond. The flags In this city are hung
at half-mast, and there is universal mourning.
Mr. Jnr.e* occupied a place that cannot be filled. He was charitable and pub
lic-spirited, and was never afraid to stand by ■ principle, however unpopular at
the time. He was as tru. to friendship as the magnet to the pole. He leaves
a widow and three children who mourn his loss, and loss it is, for there never
was a better husband or father.
FIREBUGS AT
WORK IN NAPA
Torch Applied to Many
Buildings.
«
Sj*clal Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA. Dec. 4.— Firebugs were rating
In this city Sunday night, and an attempt
was made to destroy the Central Public
School building, a handsome structure,
situated In the center of the city, by ap
plying the torch to the ■oath side of
it. I: was an unsuccessful attempt, how
ever, and the fire Beads' efforts were frus
trated by the prompt action of the Fire
Department. The department was called
Into service three times In as many hours
and the entire population of the city mi
aroused to excitement because of the
great rapidity with which tires were being
started m different parts of town.
The llrst alarm was rung In at about C:3)
p. m. The lire was discovered to be in the
loft of E. Bigg's barn on Randolph street.
It had gained no headway an. l was qulck-
Iv extinguished by the lire laddies. The
firemen had Just housed their apparatus
, when a second alarm was turned in. The
scene of the blaze was at the school build
1 ing. The tire had been started in a wooden
box that was lying outside on the south
side of the building. It whs discovered
by a llreman who was returning home,
and he quickly extinguished it before any
damage resulted.
At :15 o'clock the third alarm again
brought the Fire Department Into service.
A stable, the property of George Head Sr..
a bush. m.in of Napa, was discovered
to be ablaze. A valuable horse was
burned, but the fine dwelling of Mr Head,
only a few feet from the names, was
saved by the hard work of the firemen.
Excitement by this time among the people
had reached a high pitch, and there was
no doubt that the tire tlend was at work.
The Sheriff and local Constables at once
set out to investigate the mysterious
cause, and to-day were able to find a
clew.
Enough evidence has been secured from
many prominent citizens who saw a man
' running away from the schoolhoose after
he had set the flre there. The individual
was seen later running up Callstoga av
enue. The ofllcers are confident that they
will land the guilty party behind prison
bars In a day or two, as there nave been
, several mysterious characters hanging
around town for the last few days.
CAPTAIN BOGAN DEAD.
Tidal Wave's Commander Succumbs
to a Complication of Diseases.
LOfl AN<;KI-KS. Dec. •.— The schooner
Tidal Wave arrived at San Pedro this
evening from Tamma, 29 days out. On
entering the harbor the customs officers
noticed the flag at half-mast. The offi
• ! ::fter boarding that Captain
J. Hogan died wh«Mi seven days out from
•.he body being brought to San Pe
dro to I>. ■hipped north to his home In
Death was the result Of
a complication of diseases, superinduced
by cold.
Hofcan was sick when the schooner left
Ta'-'ina on November 5. bat not too ill
to take c< mmand. The second day out
he to.«k t" bed and never K"t up again.
This was on November 12. when the ves
sel was about 2"*) miles west of Mendo
cino. The mate took charge of th« \.-
sel. deddlns to keep on the way and bring
the l«*dy of CuptHin Hognn into port.
Output of Idria Mines.
BAN LUOI OBISPO, Dee. 4 - The Idria
mines are making their usual output ot
quicksilver of MO !'...-ks per month. Al
though for several months past they have
-tiort of miners they have at present
a full working force, many vacant places
having been tilled lately. The mine has
gone on steadily improving. Electric
lights have lately been pluced in the
mine* and at the furnace, being a great
Improvement on the old system. The
amount of rock taken out "f the mine is
simply wonderful, and they are still run
ning new tunnels. Hv the working of ores
by the old system of furnaces they lost a
large percentage of oulcksilver. but now
with the late improvements they an- able
to work the dumps with good profit.
Fell Under a Car.
PTJfOLB. Dee. t— Mlehaei Laeld, an
employe of the California Powder Works,
while out walking yesterday afternoon in
company with some frlendF along the
fa<t of the Southern Pacific Company,
near Pinole Station. tri«d to get on one
of the cars of a pausing freight, slipped
and fell under the wheels. His left hand
was run over and so badly injured that
It was found necessary to amputate it
near the wrist. The unfortunate man was
sent to Dr. Lane's Hospital at San Fran
; dsco.
Prisoner Attempts Suicide.
SAN JOSE. Dec 4. — Casson Brandon, a
hostler, attempted suicide in a cell In the
City Prison yesterday afternoon. He is an
opium fiend and had been arrested for
drunkenness. Because he could not pre
vail on the Jailer to give him dope, he
shot himself In the head with a revolver
which had escaped the eye of the search
ers. The bullet ploughed a ridge In the
skull and cut several blood vessels. He
will recover.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1899.
SIX KILLED
IN A COLLISION
Passenger Trains Come
Together in Colorado.
Siberia! Uapateh to The Call.
DENVER, nee. 4— A rear-end collision
occurred between two passenger trains on
it;.- Denver and EUo Orande this morning.
In which six persons were killed outright
and several others severely injured. Tht?
accident happened at English Switch,
about six miles east of SalUla. at 6 a, m
The killed are:
C K. < -s<;< « >I> of Denver.
EL R. MATTHEWS of Denver.
1 I.TEH HAHXES of Denver.
ICRB. GEORGE PORTER of Grand
Junction.
A. EL JOHNSTON of Oberlln. Ohio.
ONE UNKNOWN MAN.
BY rmusly injured:
Qeorsje \V. Pierce of Denver.
Thomas M. (ierman of Denver.
A. M. Johnston of t)berlln. Ohio.
Train No. 5. the narrow-gauge train for
Grand Junction. Durango and New Mex
loo points, which left Denver last night.
had been flagged at that switch and had
stopped owing to an obstruction at a
bridge Standard-gauge train No. 15. for
Qlenwood Springs, wan foil,, wing and.
falling to get a signal to slow up. plunged
Into the rear of the narrow-gauge sleeper
for l>urango. which was filled with pas
rs. The Pullman was thoroughly
hplintered up and the coach ahead was
also wrecked. Those killed and Injured
were In these cars.
C K. Oafjood, who was killed, was an
elder brother of J. ('. Osgood. president
and general manager of the Colorado Fuel
and Iron Company, and was cashier of
thai company. EL R. Matthews, another
of those killed, was traveling passenger
agent of the Chicago, Burlington and
Qulncy Railroad.
At the offices of the Denver and Rio
Grande Railroad in this city It was said
that a brakeman was sent back to signal
train, hut that the light .n his
lantern be. nme extinguished and he was
therefore unable to stop the train.
Oeorgi W. Pierce, who was killed, was
8 well-known mining man, secretary of
thf Golden Fleece Mining Company,
which owns valuable mines at L.ake City
Colo.
A. H. Johnston was president of the
Arkansas Midland Railway. His son, A
M. Johnßton. who was traveling with
Mm, had his hack broken and will prob
ably die.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Appropriations Recommended by the
Secretary of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Dec 4-Among the es
timaies for appropriations for the fiscal
year ending June, 1901, are the following:
Quarantine stations, San Francl.««co, for
various Improvements, Including the con
struction of an iron pier. $137,500; Improve
ments of quarantine station, Ban I>iego,
$23,750: for work on Oakland postofflce.
$50,000; for constructing a keeper's dwell
ing and tower at Santa Barbara. $7500;
constructing light and fog station at San
Luis Oblspo, $33,000; constructing a keep
er's dwelling at Point Sunlight station
Jv»«' purchase of land at Point Plnos
light station. $20nn ; enlarging lighthouse at
Pigeon Point. $50<Xi; for erection of a
double dwelling at Point Bonlta. $6000; fog
bell at Quarry Point. Angel Island. $6000;
< 'instructing fog signal at New York
Slough. $l't,000; to ereot a keeper's dwell
ing at Cape Mendocino, $5500; for fog sig
nal in Humboldt Hay. $15,000.
It is recommended that $1,152,700 be ap
propriated for various works and Im
provements at Mare Island Navy Yard
for various works at Benicla Arsenal
$22,537; continuing the Improvement of
San KranrlM-o harbor by the removal of
Arch and Snug rocks, $170,000; continuing
the construction of the breakwater at
San Pedro, $200,000; Improving Petaluma
Creek, $3000; continuing the improvement
of Sacram»n.to and Feather rivers under
the act of ISS*4, $1S.OOO; continuing the im
provement of San Diego harbor. $100,000;
continuing the work at San Luis Obispo
harbor. $132,<)00; for surveys of the Pa
cific Coast, including Hawaii and Alaska
$107,500; for the enforcement of the Chl
■ xcluslon act. $110,000; defraying ex
penses of the California Debris Commis
sion, $15,000; for various Improvements at
Santa Monica Soldiers' Home, $296,100- for
improvement of Yosemlte National Park
$4000; Sequoia National Park. $6300- Gen
eral Orant National Park. $2500; expenses
of Improvements at the naval training
ftation on Yerba Buena Island. $30 (Xnj
$25.i>«j for improvement of construction
plant at Mure Island; for construction
of varlouß buildings at Sitka, $110,000; pur
chase of site to commence work on Los
Angeles public buildings. $100,000.
Senator Perkins and Reprensentalve
Metcalf will call upon the supervising ar
chitect of the Treasury in a rew days and
protest against unnecessary delay In the
construction of the Oakland public build
ing. Representative de Vrles will intro
duce his mineral lands hill, also a bill to
compensate owners of lands in Yosemlte
National Park, and various private bills
Representative Kahn Introduced a bill
to reimburse the I'nlon Iron Work* for
the penalty deducted by the Government
on the trial speed of the Monterey.
F. R. Duel was to-day appointed Post
master at Emigrant Gap, Placer County,
vice Robert Leslie, resigned; also Fred
H. McKee, at Frank. Humboldt County
vice J. H. McKee. resigned.
PenMon* have been granted aa follows-
California: Original— Theodore Wilson'
1 Soldiers' Home. Los Angeles, $8- Wilson
King, chlco, $12; Joseph H. Beatty, East
on. $fi, John A. Wetmore. Edenville Jfi-
John Keyley. San Francisco. %R- Louis
Stein. Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles $12-
Henry Murray, San Francisco, S6 ' Re
newal -Harrison O. Otis. Los Angeles Jfi
Increase— Quartus R. Farwell. Orange $6
to <10; Charles McKenney. San Bernar
dino. |S to JlO.
Oregon: Renewal— William H. H. Blan
ey, Portland. $fi War with Spain—Origi
nal-Walter J. Shelley. Eugene. $14
Washington: Original— Samuel B. Wood
Colvllle. X War with Spain- Widow—
Adele Hubbard, Vancouver, $12.
— ♦-
GENERAL ANDRADE SAYS
HE WAS BETRAYED
Venezuela on the Verge of Anarchy
and Peace Will Not Come
for Years.
BAN JT'AN. Porto Riro, Nov. 27—Gen
era! IgnaMo Andrade, the exiled Presi
dent of Venezuela. has been In San Juan
with his wife during the last three weeks.
He says that It Is his Intention to remain
here indefinitely. In an Interview to-day
General Andrade said: "I was forced to
leave my country as a result of an up
rising among ■ section of my people,
headed by Clpriano Castro. After the
revolution was in full sway two Import
ant h.-ittles were fought and my army
was victorious in each, but through the
treachery of members of my Cabinet, and
particularly of my Vice President, the
insurgents were allowed to approach the
capital Knowing that If they once en
tered the city all nope would be gone, and
deciding that the most patriotic act I
j could do would be to leave the country.
i I did so. thus preventing the unnecessary
bloodshed of my faithful and patriotic fol
lowers.
"Since I have been In San Juan a part
of Cnstro's following has deserted film.
I and. under Jose Hernandez, alias "I>a
Hoc*,' a revolution within a revolution
has been started. I have foreseen this
state of affairs, and It will be years before
the country will become settled. Venezu
; ela is now on the verge of anarchy. Up.
risings will occur here and there" every
I few months."
INVITATION TO DEWEY.
Milwaukee Would Like to Show Him
Some Western Hospitality.
MILWAUKEE, Dec. 4. Th.-> judiciary
committee of the Common Council at tn
nlßht's meeting offered a resolution,
which wns passed unanimously in lieu nf
those submitted by Mayor Ross, extend
ing to Adminl Dewcy a cordial and
hearty Invitation to visit the <ity of Mil
waukee immediately following "his visit
i" ChiCMfO In May next.
In conclusion th»^ resolution says: "Re
solved, further, that the citizens of this
<ity eagerly await, with true Western
hospitality, the coming; of the admiral
whose valor and feats at arms cannot
!•< dimmed by the passing days, montha
nor even years."
HIGHBINDER WAR
IN MARYSVILLE
Many Shots Fired but
No One Injured.
Special Pispatch to The Cfcll.
MARTBVILLB, Dec. 4.-Seventy-fiv c
phots, ttrr-d as rapidly as a dozen or more
w.irrlnK iilßhbirulors could pump bullets
from thf-lr revolvers, relieved the- <rHt
whlle «|iiiet of Marysville's Chinatown at
:10 o'clock this morning. It was battle
number two of the Hop Slng-Suey Sing
| feud, which was transferred from Chlco
to this city several weeks afro, the first
scrimmage on the 25th of >ant month re
; Milting In the death of Hoey Glm of the
I Hop 81ns tons.
The corner of First and C streets was
the scene of battle, the headquarters of
the opposing tongs being on opposite cor
ners. Though only the width of the street
separated the shooters there are no killed
or wounded to report. Several windows,
doors and signs snow evidence of the fu
sillade.
Sheriff Bevan has arrested Leo Deo and
Jew Wing, members of Suey Sings, and
has charged them with the nnmler of
Hoey Glm. it Is said, at the instance of
two representatives of the Hop Sings
coming from San Kranclsco. This move
has Intensified the feeling existing and a
lively battle is looked for soon. A number
of San Francisco hatchetmen are enlisted
for the war.
TRAIN STRIKES AN
ELECTRIC STREETCAR
Motorman Killed and Many People
Seriously Injured in a Chicago
Disaster.
CHICAGO. Dec. 4— A Wabash Railroad
passenger train struck a Thirty-rlrst
street electric car at 7 o"cloek to-night,
killing Charles Shaw, the motorman, ami
injuring ten others, including the follow
ing:
Anna Lohr, left shoulder fractured;
Charles Relman, left foot cut off and in
ternal Injuries; Frank O'Connor, left
ankle broken and head bruised.
The passenger train was running at a
high rate of speed and was two blocks
from the crossing when the conductor of
the electric car gave the signal to the
motorman to cross. The car had reached
the middle of the tracks when a warning
shout from the flagman notified the pas
sengers of the approaching train. There
were thirty or more persons on the car
and they made a dash for the doors.
Several succeeded in getting out, and
those who did not were thrown more than
twenty feet with the car, which was
broken into pieces.
Manning's Denial.
CHEYENNE. Wyo.. Dec. 4.— Master
Mechanic Manning of the Wyoming dis
trict of the Union Pacific denied the story
from Omaha to the effect that Master
Mechanic M. K. Barnum of Omaha will
assume charge of the Wyoming division
and that he has been asked to resign, be
cause he made himself unpopular with
the management of the road through his
efforts to settle the strike among the
boiler makers at -.us place; that MoKeon,
now at North Platte. Is slated to take
Barnum's place at Omaha and that an
Omaha foreman In to go to North Platte.
Want Rivers Improved.
MARYSVILLE. Dec. 4.— At the instance
of Attorney Devlin of the Anti-Debris As
sociation the Supervisors of Yuha and
Butter counties to-day adopted resolutions
requesting the new c ommissloner of Pub
lic Works. F. D. Ryan, and the auditing
board to take such str-ps as may be neces
sary to preserve the work already erected
and to extend the field of operation to
rivers affecting lands of the counties to
Insure Improvements of rivers and pro
tection of adjacent lands from Inundation.
New Postal Treaty.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 4.-Presldent Me-
Klnley, Postmaster General Charles
Emory Smith and Lag a Arrimga. the
Guatemalan Minister, to-day signed a
parcels post treaty between the I'nited
States and Guatemala, effective January
1. It Is similar to those treaties now in
force admitting packages up to eleven
pounds In the malls at 12 cents a pound.
New Atlantic Cable.
NEW YORK, Dec. 4. -The shar* holders
of the Commercial Cable Company at a
meeting to-day approved an Increase of
Its capital stock from $10,000,000 to $15,000.
000 for the purpose of laying another cable
across the Atlantic Ocean. No Informa
tion could be obtained as to the points
where the new cable will touch.
Death of Judge Woolson.
DEB MOINES. lowa. Dec. 4.— John S.
Woolson. head Federal Justice of the
southern district of lowa, died at his
home here this afternoon. He was 57
years old. In 1897 he was, appointed to the
Federal district bench by President Har-
McCULLOCH SAW
BUT FEW OF THE
OVERDUE FLEET
Grave Fears for Some
of the Vessels.
ALL MUST BE SHORT OF FOOD
»
ONE SCHOONER PROVISIONED
BY THE GRACE DOLLAR.
> THE OVERDUE FLEET.
I
>> Schooner American Girl, San
? Franclaco for Puget Sound, now
£ out flfiy-Hght days. . .
i. Schooner Amethyst, Ttllamook
|> for Ban Francisco, forty-eight
l .days. '
* Schooner B. Danlelson, Tllla
% monk for San Franclnco, forty
i, n.-v-n daya.
3 Schooner Antelope, CoqulHo
•• River for Port Lob AngdeH, forty
f eight days.
? Ship Invincible, Port Blak-ley
? for San Francisco, twenty days.
> Barkentine Leslie I>, Port Blake
9 ley Tor Son Francisco, twenty-alx
$ days.
\ Bark Northern Light, Port
£ Blakeley for San Francisco, twen
ty-three days.
1 Schooner Mayflower, CoqutlU
* River for San Francisco, twenty
1 one days,
h Schooner Wing and Wing. Grays
} Harbor for San Francisco, thirty
£ days.
* Schooner Joseph Rusa, Olympl.i
'< for San Pedro, twenty-five days.
f. Schooner Jennie Stella. San Pe
j>> dro fcr Grays Harbor, thirty-one
'" days.
I Schooner Dora Bluhm. Olympia
S. for San Pedro, twentv-slx days.
The revenue cutter Hugh McCulloch re
turned from her search for the overdue
fleet yesterday afternoon. She went as
far north as Mendocino, but only a few
of the vessels were spoken. A couple of
these were short of provisions but those
of the fleet that have been longest on the
way were not seen. Captain CouUon's re
port of the cruise Is as follows:
Steamer left San Francisco Thanksgiving
day at 2 p. m. In search of overdue vessels,
cruised over too miles along the coast as far
north as Mendoclno, and has spoken the
following vessels:
Friday. December 1 — Off Point Reyes.
*!>oke steamer Brunswick, with schooner
tmrgc Santa Paula In tow, from Eureka;
alto steamer TUlamook, from Humboldt.
The masters of these steamers reported that
they had seer no vessels In distress.
Saturday, December 2— Latitude 40 degrees
11 minutes north, longitude 125 degrees 7
minutes went, spoke schooner John D. Tal
lant of San Francisco, 15 days from Port
Gamble; all well.
Latitude 4'"> degrees 13 minutes north, lon-
gitude 125 degrees 10 minutes west, spoke
schooner Coqullle of Empire City, 25 days
from Coqutlle river, badly In need of provi
sions; was given a liberal supply of flour,
potatoes, meat, sugar and coffee, also oil.
Matter reported schooner leaking some, but
did not consider it dangerous, and required
no further assistance.
Latitude 40 degrees 17 minutes north, lon
gitude 12. > degrees 9 minutes west, vpoke
schooner Charlen Hanson of San Franc
24 days from Coos Bay; all well; no assist
ance icqulred.
latitude 40 degrees 9 minutes north, longi
tude 125 degrees 19 minutes west, upoke
schooner Premier of San Francisco. 16 days
from Olympla; no aid required; ail well.
Latitude 40 degree* 7 minutes north, longi
tude l.'i degree* 17 minutes west, kpoke
schooner Letttla of San Francisco, 23 days
from Grays Harbor; master requested pro
visions, and his wants were supplied. See-
Ing that there wan a woman on board the
Letltla, the officers Of the MeCulloch made
up a bundle of magazines and papers, among
them reveral copies of The Call, and sent
them in the boat to the distressed vessel,
ami they were much appreciated by the
plucky wife of the captain, who had aeoom
tutnled him on his perilous voyage.
latitude 40 decrees l minute north, longi
tude 125 degrees 16 minute* went. upoke
schooner Seven Sisters of San Francisco, 14
days from Coos Hay. all well.
December 3— Latitude 3S degrees 24 minute*
north, longitude 124 decrees 41 minute* went,
spoke schooner L* Glronde of Pan Fran
cisco, 22 days from Grays Harbor, for San
Pedro; maner reported vessel leaking badly,
but desired no assistance.
December 4— Three miles south of the
South Farralon, spoke schooner Rio Hey of
San Francisco. 3 days' from Eureka- all
well.
None of these vessels from northern ports
had heard anything of or had seen the
schooners Amethyst or Danielson, so long
overdue, nor hail they seen any vessels In
distress or requiring assistance. Had light
northwest weather, with clear skies until
this morning; long southwesterly swell and
smooth sea.
During the cruise of the McCulloch a
most vigilant outlook was kept night and
day and every sail that hove In Bight
wan spoken. \ cry grave fears are felt for
the American Girl. Amethyst. Antelope
and S. Danlelson. The Amethyst and
Danielson have been spoken and supplied
with provisions, but that was peveral
weeks ago. and the crews of all four
schooners must be In desperate straits
by this time. There Is always the chance
that some vessel better supplied with
stores may have relieved their pressing
wants, which fact will not be known un
til one or the other of the vessels makes
port. For instance, the steamer Grace
Dollar arrived at Grays Harbor Sunday
and reported speaking the schooner Vo
lantc. 30 days out from San Francisco
for Coqullle River, short of provisions
and supplied her wants. The Volante
was off Cape Foulweathcr when spoken.
Some of the coasters now out from six
to fifteen days may have spoken some of
the overdues In a similar manner and
given them a share of their stores. Nev
ertheless many of the old ship captains
are of the opinion that the sailors are
faring like the men on the Wing and
Wing were when spoken— living on sea
gulls.
The boat picked up by the steamer Geo
Loomls turns out to belong to the Naval
Reserve at Santa Cruz. It was washed
out of the davits during the southeaster
and carried to sea. The boat was origi
nally a man-of-war cutter and was not
much damaged by its battle with the ele
ments.
The Oregon Railway and Navigation
Company's steamer George W. Elder
sailed for Portland yesterday In com
mand of Captain Clem Randall. As the
vessel passed along the front every tow
boat on the bay saluted Captain Ran
dall. The new master of the Elder was
formerly captain of the tug Relief and
this is his first command of a passenger
steamer.
Rafael Rahos, a fireman on the steamer
San Bias, was nearly asphyxiated at 301
Montgomery street Sunday night. He
went to his room drunk and turned the
gas out and then on again. He was
nearly dead when Officer C. Peters found
him. Rahos was taken to the Harbor
Hospital, where Dr. Morrison worked
over him for an hour and gave Rafael a
new lease of life. He will be able to so
out on his steamer.
The United States training ship Adams,
which returned from a cruise to Seattle
a few days ago, went to Mare Island yes
terday. The battle-ship lowa went out
side during the morning.
The transport Sherman will sail to
morrow with the third battalion of the
Forty-ninth Regiment and 150 recruits.
Chief Steward Robinson Is sick, so J. J.
Fallon. formerly of the St. Paul, will 50
out In his piece. Mr. Fallon and his
crew made a mcdel transport out of the
St. Paul, hut unfortunately he had a
private difference with the first assistant
engineer and refused to sign with him.
Every one of his assistants also refused
to go out on the ship and a new set of
men had to be procured. Mr. Fallon and
all hands stayed by the St. Paul up to the
hour of sailing and helped the new
comers In every possible manner to got
acquainted with the ship. Mr. Fallon left
the St. Paul with the good-will of ercry
member of the Alaska Commercial Com
pany and all of them are glad to see him
appointed to the Sherman. Many of the
ola St. Paul men will go out with him on
the Sherman. - '/.,. : ~ ' ;
The horse transport Victoria arrived
from Puget Sound yesterday. She started
from Seattle with a cargo of horses, but
was caught in the southeaster off Flat
THE EMPORIUM.
Open Evenings Until Christmas.
Grand Concert To-Night at 7:30, and Every Night This
Week, by the Famous Emporium Orchestra,
Under John CMarquardt.
i \\ Seis.y^
y^^^^S^ prows to make useful presents, \^^2^A^
\" r }_^£y and our experience has been 1 <r*^? 3
2^>-^<g£ that the housekeeper who takes
pride in her home appreciates the gift of pretty table
ware. Here are some moderately priced dinner sets:
Semi-Porcelain Dinner Set, latest shape, in the new green or red-
brown Medway decoration, 52 pieces, for 6 persons. $6.90
103 pieces, for 12 persons $12.50
Semi-Porcelain Dinner Set, like illustration, in a rich, dark flow bine.
prettily bordered, 52 pieces, for 6 persons $8.30
103 pieces, for 12 persons $15.55
Carlsbad China Dinner Set, daintily decorated in green or yellow.
52 pieces, for 6 persons $13. 75
100 pieces, for 12 persons $20, 00
Genuine Haviland China Dinner Set, with a pretty violet or rose
decoration, 100 pieces, for 12 persons $25.00
Genuine American
Cut Glassware.
A beautiful coiltction of Cut Glass-
ware, in all the Tery latent cuttings, at
prices far le-n than those yon hare
hitierto been acrmtomel to pay:
Waterßottl'B Nut Bowlt,
Cohgne Bott!e3 Oil Bottles
Salal B>w!s Dainty Vases
Fru t Bowk Olive Dishes
Sugar Bowifl Creamers etc.
Prices for th-se piec s ran^e from
$1.80 to S/7.50
c/ 7 large assortment of Haviland and Carlsbad China
articles — Berry , Ice Cream, Salad or Nut Sets, Cake
Plates, Pin Trays, Comb and 'Brush Trays, Olive
Dishes, Bonbon Dishes and Fancy China Pieces of all
kinds— at prices ranging from 25c to $10
S lIW f Mppftujugx 1
10 to 12 a.m., *• Oolden Rule Bazaar. *5q Are packed in
1:30 t0 3:30p.m. California's LAROEST~A.nERiCA'S grandest store, tin boxf s
tery an f ' nearly all the animals were
killed. Sh»- put back to I'"rr Tow
In distress and was thin ordered t
Frandsco to ' ■! tresh mipnljr of an.
mats. The Centennial will prdbably ret
away to-day with a load <•{
Manila and the Victoria will tak
t..-nh at Polsoin No. -.
The ship Alexander CNbson has bf«»n
purc-haseil by \V. X Minti<U for the ♦ ";«!i
f.irnla Shipping I impanjr from Joiin
Hoßi-nfeldV Bona. Captain Holn»es, tlie
veteran navigator, will remain In i-om
rnand. The amount paid for the <'■
■waa In th.- neighborhood of J+>.iv*>. while
the new pur«has»-r will clear $-1 .'»••» on h»-r
first trip from here to New York. Ile
Olbson b.'Kins loading g>-neral mn-
chandlM for the metropolis) In a couple of
days.
For many months a very handsome
model of a ship ha* stood in the M-r
chant."' Exchange. It was the property
of A. M. Simpson, the large*! owner of
s.hooners on the eoaat, IM W. K. Ma*
hell, the larK>'*t own.r of lM]
Amerl<-a. wanted to purchase It. A b-ir
galn was struck, and th»-n Mr. Simpson
Mr. Mifc'hell the following < hor
a«-terlstlc bill of Bale: "In consideration
Of your being the Mggest ship-owner of
the coast, 1 will let jroil take »h»- mod.-l
Bhlp 1 have at th.- Merchants' Exchange.
I can get along with .1 ■chOOBf model.'
FATHER M'KINNON'S
FINAL STATEMENT
OAKLAND. Dec. 4 ChaskaJa Father
McKlnnon. who leaves to-morrow to re
sume his post of duty In the Philippines
as a chaplain In the regular army, de
livered his farewell lecture to-night at
St. Francis de Sales Hall In Oakland. He
was received In a most cordial manner
and by an unusually large audience, and
he made his la.xt statements in th.
troversy thai lia- arisen ..v.-r th«- chnrge
that the I'iilted States volunteers looted
the churches of the islands.
His Interesting lecture, accompanied
profusely by ■tereoptieon views, was on
"The Conditinns an.i <'harac-terlstlcu In
the Philippines," and mi for the most
part the samr he has delivered In several
other rlti.-s. touching briefly the history
of the war and many steMS and Incident*
he wlUWllli at the front; dwelling also
upon the resources of the archipelago;
the character of the natives and their In
stitutions ami what may be tatpm led
through future development.
"With a |OOd ttberal American Govern
ment." said Father McKlnnon. "these
Island* can be made the most valuable
on the face of the earth." in his conclud
ing remarks he dosed the Funston church
looting controversy. "Frequently I have
been asked the question now long the
war in the Philippines will last." said the
speaker, "and. as 1 stated on my return
from the Islands, the war was almost over
then. The criticisms I heard are most
unjust. Nowhere has a soldier striven
harder to achieve victory than ha* Oen
er.il Otis. Niw that he has a sufficient
number of troops he has succeeded, and It
will only h. i -hort time before the war
will terminate.
"Regarding the reports of churches des
ecrated. 1 say again that it Is an undenia
ble fact that where ehurchei irere dese
crated and looted such outrages cannot be
laid at the (< et of the American soldiers
This looting was chiefly the work of In
surgents and Chinese. I was in most of
the battles; my eyes wen- wide op«>n: I
had the interest of my church at heart
and I received particular orders from the
generals to tee that the churches w.-i.
not looted. Whatever I found In these
edifices I placed In the sacristy and a
guard was put there.
j,,^ ♦ A Fifty-Cent piece by Itself Is vastie. but when It la
CL § B attached to a share of cur stock it then has a value
y\\ I * hlcn «■ FU^L OK 3IKANINO. This you will read-
V^ ">' adroit If you will Investigate our offer. Our land la
• PATtXTKI), and In the most protnlslnr portion of
#1 •^■^^ th ramou » X*K * River Oil District, with OIL WKI.LS
I Q|| TC ADJOINING _ not mile. away. The ronn.len,-, f
L/e^ thl " corn ** n In Its holdings la proven by the fact that all
stock of the Incorporators Is held In escrow, not to b*>
fT^T J_ released until such time as the company Is on a dlvl-
1 1^ O| |* <J*nd raying basis. Only Treasury stock Is offered for
i ii C\j \j »ale. and a limited amount will be sold at si» CfcNTS
aaw «* pKR B , IARr Don . t buy . itock unU yoa naT .
"Y'Y looked carefully Into what we have to offer. All Infor-
LJ £\ C matlon cheerfully given anU valuable prmpectuaea an.i
1 1 mm * P * fOr th asking.
a " STERLING OIL AND DEVELOPMENT CO.
■w-y i I 35-26 Crocker Building. Third oop
\t &k 111 f\ I DIRECTORS: W. S. r.age. Pres.; i. A Buntln*.
V Vlw» ' vlc Pr : J - C Hampton. N. K. ilaiten. 11. H.
•♦• Blood.
THE EMPORIUM.
Crystal Ware,
Bric-a-Brac, Etc.
Tnotwands of articl^^ fa ti« great
Crockery and Ornament I»-parm*nt that
are mitable for Christtms <l;f-
direct importitioos from Europe and the
best that Am»rici prolm-M
iTerra Cotta Bu^ti anl Figure*— all the
very latent mo :es— from $1..".
. t0 $20.00
Lnamelei Metal Urns — goli-
minifs— from $2.25 to.« $15. 00
B)hemian frv.tal and Chira decorated
Vase* — all shape* and size* — from
10c to $20.00
The generals did their utmost to pre
vent all looting, and the American Gov
ernment and army are not to blame It
Is to be expected that there arc alway*
some who have not the higher sense of
duty but I will say without fear of con
tradiction that less of that work was dona
by the American army than by any army
that .-•■• fought a foreign foe.
"As to the church of t.'alnocan. I found
this church occupied by Insurgent* *» .
barracks. They hail occupied It since Au
gust 13, and remained until the rupture on
hebruary 7. 1 found they had removed
statues and nearly every sacred article.
A three-Inch gun had been mounted In thu
place, and It looked more like a fortTCU
than a church.
"There Is one charge — the chargo
against one of the bravest and nobl«-*t
generals In the army— I hope the sensible
people of this State and country will not
credit, for 1 place no confidence in the
charge against General Frederick Fun
«tcm. General Fun»t< was broad-minded
and liberal to a fault, lligotry found mi
place In his composition. Knowing him
a " • l S eei aggrieved, more than I ran
explain, that charge* xhould b»» brought
nrainst one of the bravest and most fear
less generals of the army.
"How some of the editors open their
mouths like ducks and -.wallow every
story of church looting that Is told passes
beyond my comprehension.
"No matter whether you thought tho
war ju.«t or unjust, these bravo men gave
up their dully vocations, went there lo
fight for their flag, and they rir«<er\v h*t
tor treatment than they hnve received n
your hands. While you were enjoylnjr
peace at home they were undergoing
trials and hardships abroad.
"After witneaslnx the cloning ficen-si of
many brave lives there. It grieves me to
hear harsh criticisms at home W»-e it
not for 'he criticism indulged in at Some
the war would have ended months ago
"\\> are In the Philippine* as a r^'ult
of war with Spain and have 4 right to he
there by the laws of nations, nnd I cin
not conceive any position for a pntrl».ic
citizen to take but stand behind the army
that wears the uniform and carries tho
flag of America. The day tit not far dis
tant when the Filipino natives will ral«e
their eyes In honor to the stars and
stripes Jloatir.g over the Island* under a
liberal government of the greatest nation
on earth."
Father McKlnnon leaves for the Philip
pines to-morrow.
CLAIMS SHE IS BARRED.
Mrs. NVttle Ft Cvavesj'l .!• murrer to
the second answer of Urn
estate of the late Jam.* <; J
petition to set aside the
tial distribution h* r
court, was on h>
Troutt yesterday.
Of counsel for Th.-r- - i « >
glnla Vanderbllr
answer and against the •■ urine
the entire slttinK. Mr \\
that where the heirs n
for partial distribution of the f-t.ite. th«
application Including all of tl
the court adjudged the right
turners" helrshlp and pr. per
sons before the court and all
the world from furth»r COBI<
right of the heirs to parfi ■
Judge Troutt said that s.>me • •
had been de\*eloper| In th.
that he would thorough!)
l.ef.>re next Monday. If h. found that
the points raided created a ■' •>
the fustlce of the decision her. tofoi n
dertd sustaining Mrs. ("ravens il.-mwreP
he would call upon h»r ■ ; .r«.
sent furth. r points In favor of th
sltlon: If not he would sustain tl
murrer and the hearing of the petition
would be proceeded with.
56
TUESDAY DECEMBER^, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Addres* All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PI ULICATIOX OKI'ICIS... Market and Third. I i
Telephone Mala ISOS.
EDITORIAL IIOOMS BIT to 221 Sterennon St.
Telephone .Mnln 1574.
Delivered »•* Carriers, IT. Cent* Per Week.
>in(lr Copleo, ."» Cent*.
Term* by Mull. Including I'oatnire:
DMI.V « * 1.1. <lnelniUii(r Snndnv), tine «-nr . . £0.O<»
DAILY ( til. (InelnrilnK Suniln> I, (I month*. . :(.<»<•
litll.Y • Ml < In.li.tltnu Sunday). ;• month*.. 1.50
li\ll > « MA. 11? Mtißl< aionth <>•'••
MMIIV CALL One Year UJO
NIiKKLI « ILL One Yrnr > •<*)
.ill ii<i»iuiiik(iT« nre nulhortxed to receive -
«uli«rri |»l lon*,
Sample copies will In (unrnrded •when requested
*» UiI.AMI OFFICE O«»s Broftdvray
C. <.i «>ki.i: KROGXESS,
>lnnaccr Foreign Advfrtlxinur. MnrgDfllr Moll.l
iuK. ' liica»:«».
M\\ vonii in||lll.M'iiMli:\T!
C. C CAUL.TOX Herald Square
M \\ YOIIK HKl'»i:Si:\TATlVl3i
I'I.RRV l.lhl Jit -:• Trlbnne Dnlldtnic
CHICAGO M M * BTAKDSI
«• ruin ii 11.m,-. V. O. \ « « » Co.t 4.reat North
er* Hotel; I r.-ii..>ui llcmv; Amllioriuiii Hotel.
HI youk \i;\vs stakdsi
Waldorf- Hotel; K. llrrntano, 31 Union
Sqnarei Murra> Hill Hotel.
WAMIIXUTON «n. C.I OKFim.. Wellington Hotel
J. 1- i:\«.1.1-11. Correnpondent.
OIlAXrn OFFICES — r>27 .Montgomery street, oor
lirr I la?. «»|.«n until !•::«) o'clock. :«Ht ||u><-«
iir.ii. open ■Bill OISO o'clock. •;;»« Mc\lllaler
•1 1 ««• t . open until oi3o o'clock. |U I.arkln
Btrect* open until :•::•.'• o'clock. 1041 Mlnolon
Rtrei-t. ftp. 11 until Ml o'clock. BM] Mnrl.i-1
• treet, corner sixteenth, open until J» o'clock.
lOIMI \'al«*ncln Bin 1 I. open until !• o'clock.
I<m; 1:1. •% ell tli Ktreet. open until 0 o'clock.
IW. corner T«venty-i*ccond and Kcutnuky
»(n-ct«, ■•!>. 11 until !• o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Orrhcura— Vaudeville.
Orph<-um— ln aid or th* Charity Fund of the Associated
I"; •»:!: .1: >.!i:.. i, ■■:.-. Thurrd^y aXUrnown, December 14.
Colun:bla — "Shenando&h."
California— "An Kiiemy to the Kins."
Tlvoll— "Tar smj Tiirtar" Saturday evening.
Grand Oj.era Houfe— "H!» Majesty."
Alcazar— "Mother Kurth."
Alhitmbra— "Mr. l'la*tfr of Tarl» "
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vau>l« rtlla every afternoon and
•vcnins.
<il>n:rta. corner Maiuin and Kills street*— Pi^claltlea.
C< nlral 1 •::: k -.«■':.•. <■--!. a>. m:. J Coney Island.
l'anoraxna liattle cf Manl'.a I'-ay, Market I PMC near
E'.thth.
%Vryt«rn Turf Ayyvintlon. Pan Mateo County— Race*.
AUCTION SALES.
Iljr S. 'W'atkir.t-Th'.B day. at 11 o'clock. Hor»e». at 1517
l!'.!K!"n rtrctrt.
Uy h'ullivan & r»iyle— \\>l:i«-Mlay. I>ecenib«-r 6. at 11 o'clock.
*t 527 Sixth ctrret. 11* •:■■.-
Uy Uatituii. :"!<!r!<!ce * Co.— TuenJay. I*remb« 12, at 12
o'o!.«-k. K>*iil l>ia!i', at'CIS Mark«t Ftrtvt.
THE ISTHMIAN CANAL
CONCURRENTLY with the re-examination of
l the Nicaragua canal and with the attempt oi
Mr. Hepburn to pass a bill appropriating $115,
000.000 for its construction comes the report oi «i
French commission on the Panama canal and its
route. '
This French report raises a new question entirely
which may be well worth examination. The French
commission has studied the track of the severe earth
quakes which visit the isthmus and commends the
Panama route as being away from the line of fracture
along which runs that profound disturbance which
oestroyed the cities of Leon and Granada, The re
port states that the Nicaragua route lies on that frac
ture. It is easily seen that a canal within the line of
jireat earthquake disturbance is in peril of destruction
of such parts of it as to render investment in its con
struction very risky. Of course there may be noth
ing in this French contention, but this should be
demonstrated before the very imposing sum necessary
is invested in the work. Perhaps this French report
is intended to lead to a proposition that we purchase
the Panama canal.
The report say* that to complete that canal will re
quire an expenditure of 51.2,000,000 francs, or $102,
400,000. This is a surprise to those unfamiliar with
the whole plans and with the extent to which the
work has been pushed. Three thousand men are now
engaged on it, and if increased to a force of twelve
thousand the work can be completed in ten years.
If all these climates and statements are correct it
would appear likely that the construction will be
well toward completion before we pet started on the
Nicaragua project at the rate we arc going now.
Admiral Walker's commission has informed our
Government that it cannot report until December,
1000. So that no . tilling can possibly be nearer
than two years from this time, wMci exhausts one
fifth of the time estimated for completing the Panama
ditch.
It is understood that Mr. Hepburn admits that
there is no prospect of his bill passing at this session,
so it if not probable that there will be any action
in advance of the report of the Walker commission.
ft is within probability that before that report is
made we will hear of propositions to purchase and
finish the French work. In this view it is well that
those interested begin to investigate that work and to
estimate its probable value.
that the Walker, or another
rged with examination of the Ba
the Nicaraginn
<■'! immunity therefrom on
-'■ • that information «o se
influence the views of
•ttfT.
While there may be many causes of earthquakes,
including electricity, they are no longer quite the
mystery they were. It seem? to be settled that when
an upraise in the earth's crust is in progress a fracture
therein causes a slip on one side. When the upraise
goes on a long time before the slip the side that
falls has farther to fall to reach equilibrium, and the
destruction of course is greater. Our California!)
earthquakes are not very destructive because of their
frequency. There being many slips the BUSS does
not decline very far.
In the Eastern States the New Madrid and Charles
ton earthquakes seem to demonstrate a long con
tinued upraise and an infrequent slip with very ap
palling consequence*.
At duras
enter into the fans
Brail rest
The South African press censor has been guilty of
another slip of the pen. A week ago he had General
Joubert traveling in ■ hearse. Now the distinguished
Boer is hustling through the country in an omnibus.
Whatever he may be traveling in he seems to be very
much alive, "-XiS
THE AFRICAN ISSUE.
THE ghastly death roll of the Boer war length
*idl each day. Mr. Jo Chamberlain is
opening bii mouth frequently and putting
his foot in it every opening. Mr. Choatc and the rest
who represent and misrepresent both Eng
' land and America are saying their several says, but
i nothing has occurred to justify England's assault on
! the two republics, and nothing can justify any warmth
toMrd her in the matter from any official source in
-Uiitry. As we have said before, Mr. Chambcr
>nd Cecil Rhodes succeeded admirably in con
| the mind of the world as to England's suzerain
tl in the Transvaal. Those rights were practi
boi i-.ttle more than the United States would
have under the Monroe doctrine. The Transvaal was
limply barred From making treaties with foreign m
• the approval of Great Britain. Mr.
Chamberlain has stretched this sole right into a claim
I that England was suzerain in the internal affairs of
vaal. and coutii therefore rightfully demand
changes in the d<>r i tatotes of naturalization,
even to the extent ; Croat Britain
a Transvaal franchise without forswearing their al
legiance to her.
The awful bloodshed in the war is in behalf of this
claim. For that the murder of the two republics is
proposed. Foe that the attempt is made to array the
Strong with the strong, the mighty with the mighty.
-t the weak to tk>-tr<>y them. For that it i - '
in European capitals that the people of this republic
rafall of the republics in South Africa.
The claim is a lie, and it is the most pitiful sight
c century to sec brave men dying on the veldt
in defense of a lie.
Mr. John Hays Hammond has appeared in this
' country, apparently as the mouthpiece of Cecil
Kh...ie-. to instruct Americans in line with the fan -
•hood which Mr. Chamberlain has wrought
i war, which is bereaving hundreds of Briti-h
IS and will bring the holidays of this Decemher
: row riMervl of joy.
When Mr. Hammond invaded the South African
Republic under the leadership of Dr. Jameson he was
fameton pot away and retired to London,
with all the honors of a hero.
Public opinion in Europe was bo exasperated by his
raid on and h I i country with which Great
n was at peace that the Government found some
■ 1 therefore proceeded to try
him. His case was heard by a jury and he was con
victed and received a mild sentence. The Lord Chief
t Britain presided at the trial, and in
rge • the jury said: "The Queen's Govern-
the complete independence and
n Republic, subject only
c restrictions of the convention of [884, to the
• that the South-African Republic should have no
powei :■ treaties without this coun-
There is the admission and proof,
d authority in the British
re, that Mr. J< tnberlain has brought on
a di- rar in defense of a lie.
The demands he made on the Transvaal were not
Tain rights of Great Britain. The
South African Republic having, in the language of
rd Chief Jusi nplete independence and
could make the period of probation to
the chose, or she could deny
il to 1 tiier, as we do to Chin<
What American can so far forget the principles of
his own Government as to rheer England in such a
cause, while she tries to wipe out that "complete in
dependence and autonomy" which she acknowledged
• solemn way two pears
THE KAISER AMD THE BRITISH-
AP.'U'T the time public attention in Great
Britain was ' idl
ing : . r a race was run at the
November Derby in which a horse hearing the name
■; Chamberlain beat another horse named Ger
manicus. and. according to the Westminster Gazette,
a number c an interest in politics
I drew from the victory the conclusion that
in the diplomatic n< - that would be carried
ring 1 I the imperial Germanicus, the
• . 'me tin- best of Joseph Chamber
bin. -. I now the most conspicuous figure in
■
Without considering how far it may be possible to
• liplomacy by thr results of horse races it is
• ;ig that the return of the Kaiser to Ger
hai been followed immediately by an address
from Chamberlain frankly declaring that Great Brit
; no longer remain isolated in Europe, and
that her natural alliance is with Germany. He spoke
with '••'me warmth of an "understanding" with the
I'ni: Si n<i then added: "I can foresee many
things in the future which must cause anxiety to the
: urope, but in which our i::tere<ts are
clearly the same a* Germany's, and in which the un
whieh I have spoken with reference
• ii extended to Germany, do more
pi than any combination of arms to preserve
the peace of the world."
Such a speech on such an occasion is sure to give
rise to a tl of speculation concerning the
motive that prompted it and the understanding that
i' back of it. The Kaiser's visit to Great Britain was
:sly set forth as a private visit to the
Queen. The world was informed again and again
that the German Emperor was going to London
! solely because of a yearning to see his grandmother.
v noted, however, that he was accompanied by
• \ • : ; •. and diplomatists wondered what
the Count would be doing while the Kmperor wab
talking to his grandmother about the children or to
his uncle the Prince of Wales about pigeon shooting.
That the British believe they have it in their power
to make an alliance with them of more value to Ger
many than any other the Kaiser can arrange is made
abundantly evident by the tone of their press. The
\aniple, recently said: "Ger
many d"cs not want to see France in possession of
.\!ur.>cco, or Russia made pre-eminent in Turkey.
If. then, we were to say to Germany: 'If you refuse
to hi HOW wt- shall let France take Morocco,
1 sod allow Russia to dominate all Asiatic Turkey;
•l stand by us we will secure Aria
Minor to you, and it France fights us will give you
an^ your Italian allies all Northern Africa from th
•laic Peninsula t< Cape Spartel (i. c., the whole
.cm coast of the Mediterranean) as a colonial
empire." Germany could hardly refuse. In a word,
;; France and Russia were to a>k for 'compensation'
of a kind which we thought unreasonable we could
rrithont difficulty make offers to the Triple Alliance
which would put Germany. Austria and Italy on our
:i.lc."
The Mtuation i« in every respect an interesting one.
It was nnly ■ little while apro that pood reasons were
by experts to prove that the ambition of the
K:ii>er is to form an alliance with France «o as to
make something like a union of all Western Europe
strong enough to hold off Russia on one side and
Great Britain and the United States on the other.
Now we are told he is coquetting for an understand
TITE SAN FKANCTRCO CALL. TUESDAY, DECEMBER 5. 1899.
ing with the British and ourselves. Perhaps after all,
I in considering the crooked course of European dip
lomacy, it is just as well to draw conclusions from
, horse races as from anything else.
THE Wf?R REVENUE ACT.
OWING to the excellent condition of the Fed
eral treasury and the prospect of a speedy end
to the war in the Philippines some authori
ties on national revenues are of opinion that when
Congress undertakes the revision of the war tax law
it will be found expedient to eliminate from it a good
many of the more vexatious and burdensome of the
taxes.
It is noted that since the act was passed the rev
enues derived from it have rapidly increased with the
increasing prosperity and business activity of the
country. The receipts under the act were for the
fiscal year closing last June about $470,000,000, against
$320,000,000 for the previous year, and every month
t.f the present year shows an increase over those of
last year. This increase, taken in connection with the
fact that the Government has not expended the sum
obtained by the war loan of 1898, has given the treas
ury ample money for immediate use. and it is there
fore argued the war taxes might well be diminished.
A writer for the New York Sun suggests that the
Government without much loss of revenue might
drop the little stamp taxes which are of considerable
annoyance to the public but yield comparatively small
income to the treasury. Among these he includes the
taxes on proprietary medicines, chewing gum, bottles
; of wine, telegraph and telephone messages and ex
press receipts, checks and bills of exchange. Of
the two last-named taxes the writer says: "The re
ceipts from this source, under the act repealed in
1577, were not separately reported, but at most they
could not have been more than $1,000,000 or $2,000,
000 a year, and they are probably not much greater
now. The imposition of taxes on checks discourages
the keeping of bank accounts, which ought rather to
be promoted, and requiring them for bills of ex
change is a burden on commerce which it is bad
policy to retain."
It will certainly be gratifying to have the war
taxes lightened at the time the law is revised, and
with most of the suggestions made the public will
a^jree It is not desirable, however, that any tax
should be repealed which has given rise to a question
of law if by the repeal the issues be terminated without
In ing decided by the courts. The controversy be
tween the people and the express companies, for ex
sfnple, as to whether the companies or the shippers
are bound to iffix the stamp to the express receipt,
ought not to be summarily disposed of by abolishing
the tax. Ever since the law was put into effect the
express companies have compelled the public to pay
the tax. Suit after suit has been brought to test the
and ilciM<ion after decision has been given for
the plaintiffs against the corporations, and at last
the people are in sight of victory. It is therefore not
, desirable that the express tax should be repealed this
winter. That fight should be carried to a finish and
1 nothing should be done to relieve the corporations of
the duty of paying taxes just as the courts are about
to compel them to do so after two years of shirking.
For the rc«t the suggestions made with respect to
repealing the lesser taxes are pood. The tax on bot
tles of wine, for instance, \-- grossly unjust, since it
i- as heavy on a bottle of table claret as on one of
the costliest brand. There are other taxes equally
unfair, and all such should be repealed.
THE PROPOSED NAVfIL PROGRAMME.
SECRETARY LONG'S recommendations con
cerning the programme of ne*r vessels to h:
constructed for the navy will reawaken the ol<l
controversy over the comparative merits of battle
ships and cruisers The Secretary, following the
recommendations of the Xaval Hoard of Construc
tion, requests Coi ure-s to provide for the building
of three armored cruisers of about 13.000 tons trial
displacement, three protected cruisers of about 8000
tons and twelve gunboat- of about 900 tons. It will
be seen that not a single battle ship is asked for.
The advocates of battle ships point to the expe
rience of our navy in the Spanish war as an argument
for that class of wai The record of the Ore
gon in her voyage a: rand the Horn proved the
American battle-ship, at any rate, is a good sea
poing vessel and therefore can perform much of the
duty of a cruiser, \\h • a cruiser cannot be counted
OH to take the place of a battle-ship in a hard fight.
In fact, it is asserted the United States is really a
battle-ship nation, since her navy has been first to
show the world what battle-ships can do in the way
of making long voyages and of destroying hostile
fleets, and that to turn away now from the battle
ship type is to be to some extent false to the records
of our own hisory.
There can be no question of the soundness of these
statements. During the Spanish war our battle
ships completely refuted the predictions of those who
declared they would be uiim aworthy, and thoroughly
justified all the most sanguine expectations of their
supporters. It may be fairly said they overthrew
every argument urged against them and confirmed
all that had been said in their favor. It is therefore
a matter of some surpri-e that neither the Board of
Construction nor the Secretary of the Xavy recom
mends the building of even as much as one at this
time.
It is to be noted, however, that the cruisers pro
posed by the programme are to be much more for
midable than the largest now afloat and will hardly
be inferior to battle-ships. In tonnage displacement,
in fact, they will exceed the battle-ships. The largest
of our armored cruisers now afloat, the Brooklyn, baa
a displacement of only 9215 (ons, and even the battle
ships Maine, Missouri and Ohio will not equal the
proposed cruisers in that respect. The Oregon, for
example, has a displacement of but 10.228 tons
against the 13.000 tons of the armored cruisers which
the Secretary recommends.
The controversy over the relative merits of the
two classes of ships is one which experts will continue
to carry on indefinitely. The public will be satisfied
with the judgment of the Board of Construction and
the Secretary. The new vessels will add greatly to
our naval strength, and, wliile they will not carry as
heavy batteries as battle-ship^, their offensive power
will nevertheless be formidable. They will have great
speed and coal endurance, and their guns will be
heavier than any our cruisers have hitherto carried.
The most significant feature of the programme is the
illustration it gives of the rapidity with which the
size of war ves-d- is increasing. When cruisers are
constructed with a displacement of 13.000 tons it h
certain that the next battle-ships will have at least
15,000 tons displacement and be floating fortress
in magnitude and armament as well as in name.
After b«ring of the overwhelming opposition to
himself in the House of Representatives- Congreta
man Roberts is inclined to the belief that the members
have prejudiced the case against >im. Perhaps he
would have been closer to the mark if he had said
that the case had prejudiced the Congressmen against
him.
DISCUSSION ON THE NEW CHARTER.
Attorney George D. Squires Answers Attorney Henry M. Clement on the
Construction of the Article on Civil Service.
( The Call does vot hold itself responsible
for ths opinions pub nhed m this colnmn, but
presents them for whatever vjlu* they miy
have as communications of general interest.)
To the Editor of The Call: If you wffl
permit me once more to trespass upon
y.ur Space, I would like to say that the
"answer" of Mr. Henry M. Clement, pub
lished In your issue of Sunday, to my
"answer," published in your Issue of the
linn Sunday, proves merely that the
author is an expert w^ai dodger, and that
ll all. Mr. Clement says that "one of the
fundamental rules .if construction is that
if there arises a doubt as to the meaning
of a law it must be read and construed
AS A WHOLE, so as to accomplish. If
; We, the. legislative purpose and In
tent in its adoption." Hut this Is exactly
what h>- declines to do. In fact, he not
only does not read article XIII as a
Whole, but he oven refuses to read sec
tion 10 in that way.
1 am satisfied that if Mr. Clement could
be induced to read article XIII "as a
whole." or even sections 10 and 11, he
would at once perceive that the clauses
which he wrenches out of those sections
and sets up as arbitrary enactments beat
no such construction as he places upon
them. If he declines to do this, bow
erer, but insists upon violating his own
•juoted rule of construction, what is to
be done with him? It is manifestly use
less to argue with one who co deliberately
deceives himself.
I claim that article XIII sets up a civil
service system, the basis ol which is
CLASSIFICATION. Until the offloes and
plat < s or employment under the new
charier are "classified" the comm
appointed by the Mayor will have 1
thority over them. What would li
may i ask Mr. Clement, if the ■ '■■
who tak. office on January 8 should
the clerks and deputies now. In
No permission t" appoint temporarily
would tin :. try. How would the
civil Service. Commission k> to wort t'>
compel the employes thus held over to
tak.- the civil service examinations? Will
the situation be any different on January
¥ when all these appointments are made
of necessity prior to the organization of
Lhe commission? .; . -.
The fact is section 10. upon which Mr.
Clement so strongly relies to defeat the
"push" on January B, is only a fart Of We
Th.- temporary »PP° lnt :
ments therein provided tot are designed
to pn Kill Stoppage ■ I ' under the
ifled" system. This is apparent
when the section Is read "as it whole.
"Section 10. The appointing officer shall
notify the Commissioners of «ach P°si
tton to be Oiled separately and shall mi
su.h place by the appointment ol one or
the persona certified to him by the i
mlssionera Such appolntm. Nt
shall be >>n probation for a period to be
fixed bj the rules of the Commlsi
but such rules shall not fix such |
Ihe c omsus
> .-irike. off names pi candl
.lat.s from the register after they
remained thereon more than two years.
At »>r bt fore the < d ol the ,
of probation tl 'he <i. r.»: i
..r office In w l" 1 • lldate is em|
i with th<
mls'si . :: Ignlng
in writing bis reason therefor to the
Comm ■ '- n?t xhf -' x <lls :
■intni'-nt -
complete. TO PREVENT THE STOP
PAGE OF PUBLIC BUSINESS, OR TO
MEET EXTRAORDINARY EXIGEN
CIES THE HEAD OP ANY DEPART
MENT "'it OFFICE MAY. WITH TIIK
APPROVAL OF THE COMMISSION
ERS MAKE TEMPORARY APPOINT
MENTS TO REMAIN IN FORCE NOT
EXCEEDING SIXTY PAYS. AND ONLY
UNTIL REGULAR APPOINTMENTS
UNDER THE PROVISIONS OF THIS
ARTICLE CAN BE MADE. '
Does not this entire section refer to the
"classified" service? what authority has
Mr. Clement for wrenching the clause in
da out of Its environment and set
ting it up M a m parate enactment? Eli i l
whole." the section convicts him of
the rank, st kind »>f sophistry.
although I am convinced that there
Is no provision in article XIU for forcing
tip se who procure appointments on Janu
to ink.' the civil RervJce examina
tions. I do not regard that as the monu
mental blinder .f Mr. dement and his
- on the civil service enmmit
tho Hoard of Freeholders. In tim<»
doubtless that omission will remedy It
«.|f. As every person appointed without
ftcatlon on January s will be unpro
lon 12 -which confers per
manent tenure during good behavior— for
tlnir "wn benefit probably eventually the
members of the "push' will subject them
s. !•. -s to the rules. At all events death
PLAYING THE RACES.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
NOT A PUEMirM DOLLAR-K. T.,
City. An American dollar of 1894 Is not a
pr.-mlum coin.
DECISION IS FIN A I/— P., Newark, Cal.
In a pugilistic contest the decision of the
referee is final.
ILLITERACY— H. T. W., City. The per
centage of illiteracy in the United Ptut.-s
is 8, G-rmany 2 and Spain 72.
STATES IN THE INION-Subscriber.
City. There aro now forty-five States In
the" T'tiinn. thirteen original and thirty
two admitted.
ONE DIME— A. S., City. A dime cf
tSJI with a small 0 In the date is offered
by dealers for :» cents, and one with a
larva 0 in the date fur M rents.
MIl-SHIPMAN IN Tin: NAVY-Sallor,
Pity. The rank of midshipman In the
I'nlted States navy was abolished in 18fc2.
The lowest rank in commissioned officers
now is ensign.
GREEN AND NHII.L FIGHT-H. \V.
X., City. This department refers you to
The <":ill and Other morning papers of
November B, I s ' 1 .. f"r detail! of the last
round in the Green-Neill right.
ursT give notice— a. s.. city, if
a tenant is atwayi prompt in the payment
of h!s rent and t lie landlord wants the
premie's h>' must Kltt the tenant a rea
sonable notice, not less than fifteen days.
AMERICAN COINS— & A. S.. Golden
Gate, CaL The market or selling price of
a quarter of IK3T> is from 60 cents to tl;
half dollars of ISIB and I*l9 from 85 cents
to $1 10; T')-cent piece of 1831 from 75 cents to
$1, and 50-cent pieoe of 1534 from 75 cents
to :«' cents. These figures may vary ac
cording to locality or demand. Dealers in
ruins do not offer a premium for any of
these coins.
LIABILITY-B. A. S., Golden Gate, Cal.
Tour question in relation to the liability
of a city for destruction of property by
fire, by reason of Inefficient fire depart
ment or insufficient apparatus, is one that
cannot be ||IIWW»1 offhand. It would
require evidence on both .>!<!.-s and a ju
ili<i:il mind to determine. If you are <.f
the opinion that you have a ease against
the corporation, lay your case before a
reputable attorney.
GRAINS OF SAND-B. W.. Oakland
Cal. The amount of clear »and that may
be contained in a cubic Inch of space
would depend on the character of th*
sand, as some is coarser than other In
your Idle moments you mipht find out'how
nmny grains may be contained in that
SDace hy obtaining several varieties, plac-
and resignation will some time complete
the work. , ,
There Is. however, another omission in
article XIII which It Is not so easy to
get over. Section 12, already referred to,
says: , ..
"No deputy, clerk or employe in the
classified civil service of the city and
county who shall have been appointed
under said rules shall be removed or dis
charged except for cause, upon written
charges and after an opportunity^ to De i
heard In his own defense. • • .
This establishes permanent tenure— tne
life and soul of civil service reform, wltn- ;
out which. Indeed, merit and fitness ex
aminations are unnecessary and a us**"*"
expense. But when Mr. Clement took
this section from the New Tort law and
pasted it up he evidently overlooked sec- i
tion 16 of article XX of the State ••"»«- j
"When the term of any officer or com
missioner Is not provided for in this con
stitution the term of such officer or com
missioner may be declared by law; ami »
not M declared, such officer or comml-j :
■loner shall hold his position as suchoin
eer or commissioner during the PP c "- S «^
of the authority making the appofntmen
BUT IN NO CASE SHALL THE TL.KM
EXCEED FOUR YEARS.'
Are persons examined or appoint* d un
der civil service rules In raunllMlle
"officers" within the meaning of thl sec
tion? If so. section 12 of article XIII of
the new charter is unconstitutional
If Mr. Clement will consult the case of
People vs. Perry. (79 Cal. 1O») he will »nd
the following remark appended to a bu
preme Court decision: ''The n..-mi of
the Beard of Health of the city and
county of San Francisco are officers
within the meaning of article XX, ■fftlon
lt>. of the constitution; and a statute fix
ing their term of office at live years Is un
constitutional, and leaves the duration
of the term unfixed and subject to the
pleasure of the Governor, who may ap
point an Incumbent at any time. '
The constitution of i*>i'' (section •. arti
cle XI) provided that "when the duration
of any office Is not provided for by this
constitution it may be declared by law.
and if not so declared It shall he held dur
ing the pleasure of the authority making
the appointment; nor shall the duration
of any office not fixed by this constitution
ever exceed four years.' ,¥lll, ¥lll
Chief Justice Murray. In People vs. Hill
(7 Cal. 97) construed this section (which,
as we have seen, is substantially repro
duced In the present constitution) as fol
lows: "By reference to lexicographers It
Will be found that the word 'duration' sig
nifies extent, limit or time. When, there
fore, the time of holding is not fixed th»
tenure of the office Is at the pleasure of
the appointing power. The power of re
moval cannot be divested or taken away
except by limiting the term."
The word "term" is used in the prexent
constitution instead of the word "dura
tion." Webster's Dictionary defines
"term" as follows: "In law, a limit; the
whole time or duration of an estate."
In the case of Vaugn vs. English (8 Cal.
40). Justice Terry thus defined an officer:
"The term officer, in Its common accepta- i
tion, is sufficiently comprehensive to in
clude all persons In any public station
or employment conferred by govern
ment."
It thus appearing that section 15 of ar
ticle XX of the constitution applies to
all "officers" of the city and county of j
San Francisco to be appointed under the I
civil service rules, and that, therefore, !
none of them can bold for a longer term
than four years, it may be ask' d how
Mr. 'Clement proposes to enforce civil ser- .
vice reform at the City HalL If the
practical politicians are to be allowed to
scramble for the offices once In four years
Instead of once In two, as at present. In
what respect are their morals to be im
proved and the Government benefited?
Will Mr. Clement please Inform the
large number of civil service reformers
In this city who are not looking for of
fice why he did not neutralize this con
stitutional limitation on terms of public
employment by providing for the reap- j
pointment every four yean of those who ,
passed the examinations? This could
have been done. Why .is it not done?
As article XIII stands. It Is manifestly <
a farce. It lets the "push" in on Janu- I
ary 8 in a body and retains them Indefi
nitely, or at least until the officials who
appoint them retire from office. The con
stitution limits the terms of all appointees
under- civil service rules to four years,
thus taking the very pith out of the whole
merit system.
The article, however, will serve one very
useful and beneficlent' purpose. it win
provide three Civil Service Commissioners
with comfortable places at $100 a month
each, and give a chief examiner, a clerk j
and a bailiff a chance to earn a good
living at doing nothing. If it is godlike |
to care for the needy, the civil service I
reformers who have placed their faith
in Mr. Clement's work ought to be happy
in the thought that they have at least ;
thrown the mantle of charity over a few
more tax caters. Very respectfully.
GEORGE D. SQUIRES.
San Francisco, December 1, 1599.
Ing each variety In a cable Inch space and
then counting the grains.
THE \r,K-J. H. N., Lincoln. C.il. This
<I» inriment has no record of the age
■•kad ar>oiit. If you will communicate
with fie District Attorney of
County, at San Andreas, he may furnlsa
you th.^ information that may pin . .
In communication with the owner of the
animal.
SKASONS-J. M. C. Sulßun City. Cal.
Those who pwdtlt a dry or wet season.
claiming to do so i>y < • rt.iln slcnp, some
times hit It. and more times th.y i
It Is not within the power of man to pre
ili<-t months nhead what a season will be
Tho \V father I'ureau can make predic
tions about twpnty-f<.ur hours rihea.l. hid
ing such on th«- movements of at-irm
a storm changes Its course Im
mediately after the prediction ha* been
announced, and th<? prediction goes for
INTEREST-W., Phllo. Pal. In the
State of California interest Is the compen
sation allowed by law or fixed by the
parties for the use or forbearance or <).
tention or money. Unless there is an ex
press contract llxing ■ different rate in
terest Is payable on all money at the rate
of i per cent per annum. Parties may
agree in writing for any rate of interest
and it shall be allowed according to the
terms of the agreement until the entry of
Judgment.
ON A TRAINING SHIP-H. M.. A!a
meda. Cal. Apprentices on board of
united States training ships are educated
to 1111 the positions of seamen and petty
officers, but they cannot become commis
sioned officers The Hartford is at M •!.•
Island. Information relative to enlist
ments in this State and course of study
should be addressed to the '•Commanding
officer of the training ship. Mare Island,
i_ it 1 .
GOVERNMENT lAND-F. J. H., City.
If you wish Information about <;•
ment land In this or any other Stai
should apply at the United Btati I I. .'in I
Office in the district in which tn<- land is
located. In California the land offices are
located at Humholdt. Independence loa
Angeles. Mary.n ill.-, K.-.icluiK. Saci
to. San Prandaco, Stockton. Susanviiie
and Visnlla. EUher of these office* f., r
$1. will furni-h a plat of land und. r its
control, showlnc what land has betn j- d
has not been taken up.
GAS COMPANY— A Subscriber. City.
The law says that a gas company m-i ,t
furnish gas to an applicant within
tain time, but if silent on the «ut.
deposits to secure the company furnish
ing the gas against possible loss. If «t,e
company does not furnish the gran. If it
has a main within easy access. It Is liable
to a penalty In damages to the party a«
grieved, who may commence an action t%
recover such p. i.ilty. Mak- >our demanl
to have (as connected with your
nd if the company fails to
commence suit. It has been held
• demand a d
but an appeal has been taken Croa
m. an* the appeal hai not yei
'ipon.
H. .MKriTEAD-A. 8., City. The law re
lating to homesteads In California
'If the claimant be married the
miy be selected from the comnn
: >p< rty .>r from the separat
ely of the husband, or with the e
of the wife from b< i
When the claimant Is not married, hut
the head of the famil>. the horn
may b«- selected from any of h.s
rty. The head of the family
husband when the claim
even person who h%a n
premises with him or h# r an.l ur
or her care and malntem
r minor children or minor icr ,
dren, or r!
■
t.-r. the minor child of ->
ter. a father, mother, grar
• . the father, m-'her ■
. r i;r.iii«:mo. ner of a
in unmarried sister f
relntlvea mentioned In this -•
ttained t 1
unable t" tike car*- of or sup] ri
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
H. P. Wnort of Snn Juan. P<■
a jme«t at the Palace.
Superior Judge F. A. Cutler of Crnetnt
City Is a guest at the Pa
■ W. Winter, a well-known mininf nan
of Placerville. is at the Grand.
Among the recent arrivals at th ••
fornla is J. R. Dodrls of London.
C. W. Crystal, a prominent rr.»--hant of
Vucavllle, is registered at
A. A. Van Voorhels. a wealthy banker
of Sacramento, la registered «•. tb« Occi
dental.
Mr. and Mrs. "W. J. la:. ,of San Le
andro have taken rooms at the Oc«i«
dental.
It. B. A. Plant, one sj
audio! men of Santa Cruz, is v guest at
tl.-- c.rand.
M. S. Oashwood, a tfwveJer frosj
don. was one of the arrivals last n
the Palace.
N <;. Hughes, a prominent aajM «
Angeles, Is registered for I
stay at the Occidental.
James A. Hardln. the Nevada turtle
man. Is at the Palace. Mrs. Har .
anl< s her husband.
W. A. Reid, a millionaire from Dawaon.
Is registered at the Grand, where be ar
rived yesterday morning.
J. G. Weatherwax. a wealthy lumber
man of Aberdeen. Wash.. Is among the
recent arrivals at the Lick.
B. V. Sargent, one of the leading at
torneys of Salinas. Is registered for a
short stay at the Occidental.
T. M Henderson, a merchant of Van
couver, who is In the city on a short va-
D trip. Is at t:.> laL
Frank Short, a well-known and In
fluential politician of Fresno. Is I
the late arrivals at the Palace.
J. W. Harbour and D. H. Cameron, (to
wealthy speculators In the oil lar
. are registered at the I-i I
Hanford.
■ M. Sheehan. one of the leading news
men of Sacramento. Is registered
at the Occidental, while on a short visit
I Ity.
A. S. Canney, a fortunate mining man
of Alaska, is at the <
from New York and Is on his way back
to his home in the north.
Hugh c. Wallace, toad
9 lOar of t v .States
Supreme Court, is at th* Palace on a two
weeks/ \isit *if pleasure to this city.
Dr. V. I: S A.. Is ar rh^
Occidental • : te Manila from
where he ) *:nce
the outbreak of hostilities with Spain.
F. Lewis Clark, a well-known million
aire and horse fancier of Louisville
■ I at the Palace, where he »r
rlv. 1 accompanied by his wlf«
and child and Dr. C S. I'entleld.
C. H. Markham. general freight and
; oger bssjm I iwtbera Pacific
is registered at th>
fi.nita. from hla head«juarters in I'ortlnnd.
v:i here on business connected
with his position.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Dec. 4.— Sam Samter of
San Francisco la at the Herald Square;
F. M. French of San Francisco Is at the
Imperial; Samuel Sachs of San Francisco
is at the Savoy.
» ♦ ■
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend's.*
■ ♦ ■
Mocha, Camilla. Piitache for soiree. 106 Lark!*
■ m ■
Note— Sl Fourth s»t., 5c barber, grocer;
best eyeglasses, specs. 10c to 40c. •
» ♦ «
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses i.nd public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1012. •
Mr. Babcock on Deck.
The newly appointed Shipping Commis
dinner, C. F. Babcock. took charge of the
office yesterday. No changes were made
in the personnel of the ottlce nor will there
be likely to be until after the holidays.
• ♦ •
Cleanest in America.
The I^ackawitnna Railroad la the cleanest
railroad In America. Even though It and
little for th.- comfort of Us pa»»n«»n. which
It dors. It probably would burn hard coal, tot
the reason that It own» the most extensive an
thraclte coal mines In Pennsylvania, and It Is
cheaper for It t<>. burn hard coal, which makes
no smoke, than soft. At any rate, there la no
smoke from Its locomotive*. It la built for tho
most part through the mountains where rorlc
Is the material easiest of access, and Its road
bed for that reaiton la rock-ballasted. There In.
therefore, no dust. These two things are of
unusual interest to the traveler by this Un-.
for the reason that on no other road In th«
United States Is there stronger Incentive to
keep one's eyes upon the p«»*tnjr scene. It la
said of this line truthfully, that every mil*
In picturesque. It traverses the agricultural
region of Western New York, th.- valley region
of Central New York, the mountain region o{
Pennsylvania and New Jersey, and every mile
offers a view that is beautiful. Interesting and
entrancing. In point of comfort Its passenger*
are particularly fortunate, for. In addition to
there being no smoke or dust, the cars are
roomy, comfortable and scrupulously clean.
Sleeping cars, parlor cars and dining cars offer
all the conveniences and comforts of modem
travel.
NEARING HIS FINISH.
Agulnaldo la right now. He has g< I
are many people in II -
town that know when they ha\
enough of poor laundry work <>r;
liii -n. and they turn to us for relief
h | I. BSVrt. to a man to see the eX'juisu
QOteff and finish that w.- have put
shirt, collars and cuffs when sent homo
from this laundry. "No suw-edges."
United States Laundry. Offloe
1004- Marknt Street.
Telephone South 420.
Oakland Office. 514 Eleventh St.LEAGUED TO SECURE
THE ISSUE OF BONDS
United Civic Societies Are in
Enthusiastic Support
Campaign to Obtain Local Improvements
Has Been Inaugurated by a Powerful
League of City Clubs.
THE campaign for the bond elections
of this month began last night with
an enthusiastic and largely attend
ed meeting of representatives of
local civic societies In Native Sons'
Hall. A permanent central organisation
*v formed, and speeches heartily in sup
port of the issue of bonds for the pur
poses designated were delivered. The cen
tral organization will continue the agita
tion and discussion of the important ques
tion ttatf] the day of the election.
Permanent organization was made un
der the name of the Public Improvements
Central Club an.l by the election of the
following officers:
President. A. Sbarboro; first vice presi
dent. N. B. Greenfeldcr. Vice presidents—
Dr. C. V. Cro^s. Western Addition Im
provement Club; Nathan Blbo. Polk
etrcct Improvement Club; George R.
Fletcher, Point lx>bos Improvement Club;
Goorge R. Sanderson, Presidio Improve
ment Club; George K. Pope. Nineteenth
street Uoulevard Club; Charles H. Hubbs.
Richmond Improvement Club; Leon Slo?s,
North End Improvement Club; L. A. Rea.
Progressive North Beach Club; Gustav
Schnee. Sunnyside Improvement Club; T.
Crouch. Fairmount Improvement Club; T.
Hullir.p, Holly Park Improvement Club;
J. P. Vizzars, Precita Valley Club; P.
Onalman. West Caatro Improvement
Club; A. Roberts. Ocean View Property
OttiLTa' CJub; Dr. Tr.reller, Mission Five
rule Improvement Club; C. MlUey, South
t?un Frarjelsco Improvement Club; Thora
»it< Sla\«^n. Mission and Potrero Improve
ment Clut>; J. J. McDonald. Market and
Eureka Valley Improvement Club; H. E.
Griffith, lngleslde Improvement Club; M.
L. Taylor, Ocean View Improvement
Club; Judge Van Reynegom, Mission Ira-
IT.Aomtnt Union; Asa K. wells. Mission
ftrfft improvement Club; J. Bardulin.
Nvw Potrero Improvement Club; Holla V.
Watt, Municipal Improvement Club; Dr.
fcalfleld. Pannandle and Ashbury Heights
lmpro\fincnt Club; P. 11. McCarthy,
Building Trades Council.
Secretary, Gustav Schriee. Assistant
6*-orctar: - <-»— J. Henderson. West-rn Addl-
Uon irnj-rovement Club; C. WaJe. Polk
«-:reet Improvement Club; E. J. Sullivan,
Progressive and North Beach Improve
ment Club; George Walcom. Mission Im
provement Union; C. A, Swigert. Munici
pal League; H. p. Sonntag, North End
Improvement Club; W. B. Peel. Sunnysldvj
Improvement Club; Thomas Magee. Mis
fion-Ftreet Improvement Club; Joseph P.
Twohey. Fairmount Improvement Club;
H. EL Winklcr. Holly Park Improvement
Club; H. Young. Precita Valley
Improvement Club; E. Osgood West Cas
tro Improvement Club; H. E. Griffith.
<>rean \ lew Improvement Club; E. Sulli
van. Miss-ion and Potrero Improvement
Club; W. E. Dubois. Market and Eureka
\ulley Improvement Club; M. L. Tavlor.
Ocean View Property Owners' Club; C. J.
Kimball. Potrero Improvement Club; J. G.
Maioney. Richmond Improvement Club;
»\ . C Johnson. Point Lobos Improvement
«."2uh;.C. H. Cushman Nineteenth-street
Boulevard Cluh; C. Dietz, Sunset Im
rmveraent Club.
After organization had been effectM A.
Fnarboro arose for the first address of tho
••renlng. He reminded the audience that
It haA boon called to discuss vast public
lmpruvtments which shall mark a new
era of progress and prosperity In San
Francisco. To impress more particularly
i:r<"n his hearers the fact that this city
i» rplendldly endowed by nature he
«iun:^d the enthusiastic criticism of San
Francisco made by the great architect.
Berard. Mr. Sbarboro then described
pome of the adorned world-famous cities
«jf the Old WorM. adding that nature has
Oono more for San Francisco than man
baa ilon* for the Old World, and all the
j.oopl<» of the city must do is to contribute
Its rnlte.
In the proposed scheme of municipal Im
provement the workmen will be the first
to reap a benefit. The Issuance of bonds
is Ti it. he h-.-iM. by any means a new one.
The fear that politicians will squander
the j'ople's money hn* passed. A new
rwrnment and honest* officials ar<»
pledges of a new era. The ppeaker then
<Msru«!«ecl in detailed advocacy the exten
sion «»f the park panhandle and Its con
tortion by a boulevard with the Presidio.
Th!s will mean a material benefit to every
f<v.t of ground In the city. So with new
f-rhools, hospitals, sewers and public
buildings: they will be a boon to the
pr«-*ent generation and a precious hcrl
tac* to generations to me.
Trunk 11. Gould. Hull-ling and Loan
Commissioner, discussed the Issue from
the point of view of the small land owner.
who. throuph building and loan associa
tion*. Is striving to win his own home.
BOND SUIT WON
BY SANTA CRUZ
ON THE APPEAL
Decision Agreed in by
Ross and Hawley.
Circuit Judges Gilbert and Ross and
Ulstrict Judge H»wley. sitting as the
linked States Circuit Court of Appeals,
Landed down two opinions yesterday In
the case of Albert H. Waite vs. The City
of Fanta Cruz. The majority opinion by
Judges Ross and Hawley reversed the
Judgment of the United States Circuit
Court and remanded the case, with direc
tions to enter Judgment for the defendant.
The minority opinion by Judge Gilbert
FUFtalns the action of the lower court and
gives precedents and reasons therefor.
The majority opinion goes on to Ray
that the action was brought to recover the
amount alleged to be due on nine refund-
Ing bonds and 2« interest coupons at
tached to the one and to other refund-
Ing bonds Issued by th« city of Santa
<ruz. That city had an outstanding
bonded Indebtedness of JZ7l.O<£>. and was
also the owner of certain water works
purchased by it from the City Water
Company of Santa Cruz. The water
works were subject to a mortgage to se
cure the outstanding bonded Indebtedness
of that corporation la the sum of SW.uOO
and interest.
A f p«daS election was held for the pur
pose of refunding the outstanding bonded
indebtedness of the city, amounting to
liTl.ooi and c-lphty-nlne first mortgage
t.ond* of the City Water Company ot the
denomination of $1000 each, bearing inter
est at 6 pjer cent ih.t annum. The bond
proposition was carried and an ordinance
was adopted in accordance therewith.
No bids having been made for the bonds.
William T. Jeter. Mayor, and J. Howard
IJaliey.-F. J. Hoffman. E. G. Green and
F. W. Lucas, the Common Council of the
city of Santa Cruz, accepted a proposition
made by the firm of Coffin & Stanton to
tnke all the bonds at par value, less 3 per
cent, without oth«T consideration than
their promise to take up the outstanding
bonds, which were to be refunded, and
forward the same "from time to time to
the city for cancellation." After the de
livery of the bonds to Walter Btanton of
the firm on April 24. 1834, the firm sold the
bonds to other parties. Coffin & Stanton
Mr. Gould believes that the issuance of
bond* tor school buildings, sewers, hos
pitals will enhance local values. He says
that our school buildings would shame
Fresno, and would be used. If they were \
good enough, by Stockton for stables. It
will be by its schools that San Francisco
■ball be Judged.
The speaker spoke at length In earnest
support of a policy which will beautify
the city, equip It with splendid parks,
substantial public buildings and progres
sive citizen*. When he had finished M.
Cooney read a report of the committee
on literature. While the report was be
ing read Mayor l'helan entered the hall
and was received with a storm of ap
plause. The literature report was a well
written document pleading for public 1
support for the proposed bond Issues. It
enters minutely into a discussion of the '
many reasons advanced for the proposed ,
extension of th<- park panhandle.
P. H. McCarthy, president of the Build
ing Trades Council, followed In' a. brief
ao«lress. in which ho declared that the |
extension of the nark panhandle Is beyond |
question one of the most vitally Important
measures proposed by the people of the
.-;;>• and should be heartily indorsed by
all public-spirited citizens. If we are to
have a park, he said, we ought to have a
good one, and to have a good one we
must begin the extension. We must be
gin now when property Is as cheap as it
ever will be. And labor will be with the
movement, as it has been with the char
ter and everything else that means prog
ress and prosperity to the city.
Mayor Pnelan was next called upon, and '
received his customary welcome. He was ]
cheered time and again before he had an
opportunity to commence. He gave what
was unquestionably the best exposition
of the proposed bond Issues. He urged
that the city be Improved and benefited
by the expenditure of public money for |
the public good. He said he knows that
the people of the city have awakened to
their possibilities. The charter Is but
a vehicle by which the city may do good
for -if. The questions be fore the people j
are pimple. One is to decide If the pro- ,
posed improvements are desirable and the
other is to determine if the present is the
proper time.
Realizing that there Is a practical unan
imity of opinion in regard to the issuance
of bonds for schools. sewers and hospitals,
the Mayor confined himself to a discus
sion of the panhandle and its extension,
including the Mission park and the boule
vards from the Mission and from the
Presidio and around the water front. The
problem Is simply to complete our old
irk, not to find a new one for the city.
It will bring the park to us when we can
not go where It is now. We speak of
needing hospitals. It Is not hospitals we
want, but health. It Is said that this is
an Improvement for the rich. The rich,
you know, spend their summers and much
of their winters out of town. They say
there is a Chinatown In San Francisco
and a California colony in New York. We
want a place for free recreation and
pleasure for the poor, for those that labor,
for •lose that have no vocation.
Having demonstrated what he believes
to be the clear duty of voters in the mat
ter the Mayor then discussed the need
and Ivantam of the city owning what
are Indubitably public utilities. This phase
of the subject, however was not dwelt
upon, as ft Is present subsidiary to the
main Issue. In conclusion the Mayor
begged tho people of the city to be wor
thy of their destiny, to rise to their duty
to make the city one of beauty.
Irving M. Scott was the next speaker.
He declared that ho Is emphatically In fa
vor of all of the proposed public
Improvements, particularly the proposed
extension of the park panhandle. Ho de
clared that while the Improvement will
not be exclusively for the rich. it will be
the rich who will pay for it. Anything.
the speaker urged, that will l»eautlfy the
city, keen its people employed Improve
th«m ana give them pleasure should re
colve every encouragement. The park to
day 1p the wonder and admiration of
every tourist. Let It be finished, made
more beautiful and more useful. Let us
make the city more attractive, tha; wo
may find row citizens, and give to th» city
tho position It was destined for by r.n
ture. It Is the firm belief of Mr. Scott
that every Improvement demanded will
he granted If the extension of the park
panhandle be authorized first.
Colonel Hecht followed In an enthusias
tic advocacy of everything proposed. Un
bays that the first chapter in the obituary
of sllurlanism Is written and an era of
Improvement has begun. President Ber
perot of the Board of Education added his
:r.ite to the discussion, particularly In fa
vor of wwen and schools. The meeting
then adjourned. It is the earnest wish of
the officers that the secretary of each 1.-n-
Erovement club ■end to room 76, Flood
building, (he date of each meeting night.
»>*cani«» Insolvent and never paid the city
v <I"i;ar.
The majority opinion ffoes on to say:
Conredlni: that under the constitution and
laws of California the bond* and coupon* sued
on could only be paid "'it of the special fund
provided for by the act under which they were
issued. If the act and bond* be valid (question*
raised and contested In the milt), no presump
i tion can be Indulged that there are. no money*
In the fund provided for. On the contrary. If
the act be valid, the presumption Is the other
"•ay that the taxes provided for were levied by
the officers charged with the duty of levying
them, and that the moneys so raised were In
the fund. It wan not necessary that the com
plainant «hnuM show the levy of euch taxes
and the existence of moneys in the special fund.
In such cases, where the plaintiff recovers, and
there ..re no moneys In the fund out of which
: an execution Issued upon the Judgment can be.
rxtisfl'-d. end this because of the refusal of the
proper cfHcers to levy the taxes, the Federal
courts will lMue a writ of mandamus In aid of
It* already acquired Jurisdiction. This Is quite
distinct from an original proceeding for the Is
suance of a writ of mandamus, which. It Is
well settled, cannot be maintained In the Fed
1 eral court*.
Judge Gilbert's dissenting opinion lays
down the proposition that the power to
refund the city's own Indebtedness was
clearly within the letter and spirit of
i the act. The .<«,.. of the first mortgage
I bonds of the water company, while It
represented the outstanding indebtedness
Of the city, for which the city was lia
11. and for the payment of which It
might have borrowed money under pro
ceedings therefor. and the refunding of
which was within the spirit of the pro
visions of the act. was nevertheless not
evidenced by the city's bonds and war
rant*, and was therefore not within the
letter of th« law. To that extent the pro
posed application of funds which was to
be realized by the sale of the refunding
bonds was Illegal.
Judge Gilbert quoted several authorities
, on this point and went on to say:
"In the case of Santa Cruz City, from
.ill the transactions culminating In the
delivery of the bonds, It Is clear that the
oincern of the" city acted in the utmost
good faith. There was no fraud, misrep
i resentation or concealment. I submit
1 that tho city Is estopped to deny Its lia
bility, and that the Judgment of the Cir
cuit Court should be affirmed."
Judge James G. Maguire. one of the at
torneys for the city of Santa Cruz, gave
the following general review of the case
"The suit entitled City of Santa Cruz vs
A. 11. wait* was a proceeding by writ of
error in the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals to review and reverse a Judg
ment rendered by the United States Cir
cuit Court on September 29. IS9S. against
the city of Santa Cruz upon certain mu
nicipal bonds and Involving the validity
of what is known as the refunding bond
Issue of April 16, 1594, amounting to 5300.
000.
"The decision rendered to-day holds
that he entire bond Issue In question was
void upon the ground that a considerable
portion of the Indebtedness sought to be
refunded was the indebtedness of the
city Water company of Santa Cruz, a
private corporation, and that the refund
ing act of March 1. MS3. under which the
bonds were Issued, provided only for re
funding municipal Indebtedness evidenced
by the bonds or warrants of the city; that
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY. DECEMBER 5. 1899.
ail purchasers of the refunding bonds
were therefore bound to take notice of
the limitations Imposed by the act and
were bound at their peril to examine the
ordinance and notice of election on the
question of refunding by which alone the
Mayor and Common Council obtained Jur
isdiction to issue the bonds.
"That ordinance and notice of election
contained statements and recitals showing
that the bonds were issued in part for an
Illegal purpos-e, and as It appeared from
the findings of the Circuit Court that the
bond issue lor the purposes provided for
by law couia not be segregated from the
bonds issued for the illegal purpose, the
Court of Aj. peals held the entire bond is
sue to be affected by that illegality and
therefore void.
"Th»- city of Santa Cruz never received
any consideration whatever for the re
funding bonus: they were delivered to the
firm of Coffin & Stanton upon a nominal
sale, but really to be sold by that linn
for the city of Santa Cruz.
"Coffin <ft Stanton, being at the time In
falling circumstances, proceeded at or.cc
to sell and hypothecate the bonds for ac
count of th»» firm and as collateral se
curity for the firm's debts, appropriating
the proceeds and making no return to tne
city of Santa Cruz.
"At this Juncture the firm of Coffin &
Stanton failed, leaving debts amounting
to about 52.000.000 and assets worth about
one tenth of that amount. The city of
Santa Cms Immediately repudiated the
bond issue on several grounds, including
the ground on which the Circuit Court of
Appeals has adjudged the bonds Invalid.
Most of the bondholders then formed a
pool and assigned their bonds to Albert
H. Waite. who commenced a suit, in
which the decision has Just been rendered.
This decision Is final unless the bondhold
ers shall secure a reversal by the United
States Supreme Court."
REJOICING AT SANTA CRTJZ.
BANTA CRUZ. Dec. *.— Santa Cruz peo
ple are all rejoicing to-night on account
of the news of the victory of the city in
the water-bond suit. The news was re
ceived this morning shortly before 12
o'clock, and spread like wildfire. Mayor
Lamb and the Councilmen were all happy,
and the flag on the city flagpole was soon
flying to the breeze. The Council held its
regular monthly meeting this afternoon
Instead of to-night, as all wished to Join
in the celebration. The following con
gratulatory telegram was recelveu from
Mayor Phelan:
"San Francisco. Dec. 4 1599.
"To Mayor I^amb, Santa Cruz, Cal.: I
congratulate Santa Cruz. The court's de
cision Is an emancipation proclamation,
and frees you from your bwnds, unjust
and fraudulently conceived.
"JAMES D. PHELAN, Mayor."
To-night the big Jollification was held.
Bonfires blazed and salutes were fired In
honor of the great victory. Hastings'
band and fhe city band were engaged, and
marched the streets, followed by the citi
zens carrying torches. Red fire was
burned and fireworks discharged.
This decision means much to the city.
The cloud on account of the bonded In
debtedness which has been hanging over
the city has been removed and confidence
restored.
Remembered Her Kindness.
The will of Warrington Plummer, who
died Sunday, leaving an estate valued at
$10,000. which he bequeathed to Mrs. An
nie McDougall "in consideration of her
kindness and attention," was filed for
probate yesterday. Mrs. McDougall re
sides at 110 Taylor street. R. K. Happers
berger is named as executor. Decedent's
relatives reside in Encland.
■ ♦ ■
Wants to Sell Horse Meat.
A petition was presented to the Board
of Supervisors yesterday morning by
W. R. Harrison of 1701 Harrison street In
which he requests that he be licensed to
slaughter horses and to sell In open mar
ket horse meat, subject to the same in
spection as cattle.
■• ( *9» If* s v
Kidneys, Liver^^¥3r
FFFFCT JALIY'P - iWiSS^
OVERCOMES PAYSoW^^raP
nABITUAi* perman ENTik s
•BVyTHEGEHUINE-MANrD • BY
RELIGION TO-DAY
SOMEWHAT LIKE
A POSTOFFICE
Is Distributed Into
Many Boxes.
GREEKS ARE MORE UNIFORM
PRESIDENT WHEELEtt AT THE
CHANNING AUXILIARY.
♦
While ipeaking on the contrast between
the religion of the Greeks and the relig
ion of Americans before the Charming
Auxiliary yesterday, President Wheeler
of the University of California Interjected
many clever sayings that brought forth
frequent applause from the large audience
of ladle?. The speaker said at the begin
ning that it would be almost Impossible
to convey an idea of the beauties or In
terest of the old Greek religion, except
by contrast, and without once bordering
on controversy, he drew very clear pic
tures of the Athenian religion, which he
spoke of as fitting the Individual "like a
kid glove," and the modern religion,
which he said is a department of mod
ern life rather than something which is
born with the individual and is a part
of it.
"The Greek did not give one day In
seven to his religion," said President
Wheeler, "and begrudge an extra even
ing during the week. He was with it all
the time. He had no creed, no tolerance
and no morals, because all were so com
pletely a part of the religion that he in
herited that he had no ne*d of special
codes or creeds. Modern religion par
tajces of so many elements that the dis
penser of it reminds me of a man dis
tributing mail In a postofflce— he puts a
missive in the moral box. the religious
box. the tolerant box or in any other box
which his fancy may dictate. Not so
with the Greek. There was no such thing
as religion belonging to the individual;
it was a feature of the body politic."
Without committing himself to any Im
plied indorsement of a religion and state
union. President Wheeler painted a glow
ing picture of the smoothness with which
the liaison worked in ancient Greece,
when ethics were oheyed by all and when
an Irreligious man was considered a
traitor.
"It has been said that there is a simi
larity." Bald the speaker, "between the
trials of Socrates and Dr. Briggs, because
they were brth charged with heterodoxy.
This is absurd. Socrates was charged
with advocating religious doctrine that
had a tendency to undermine the state,
and was executed for high treason, which
was a very different condition from that
surrounding Dr. Briggs."
Referring to the division of the month
Into four ports and laying off every sev
enth day for Sunday. President Wheoler
exploded the old meteorological fallacy of
the changes of the moon being responsible
for the weather. "The Greeks divided the
month Into ten parts." he said, "and paid
no attention to dividing time ..f the moon.
You can quarter the moon If you lik«, Lut
the moon does not grow by quarters, but
steadily f rom new to full, ani knowj no
changes, so called."
Prior to the address of President
Wheeler the auxiliary held its regular
meeting. The nominating committee re
ported the following nominations for offi
cers for ihe ensuing year:
President. Mrs. P. B. Cornwall: first
vice president. Mrs. Frank W. Sumner;
second vice president, Mrs. Wendell Eas
ton; recording secretary. Mrs. Robert Col
lier; corresponding secretary. Miss Kate
Atkinson: treasurer. Miss Kate Beaver;
busines secretary. Mrs. Ellsha Ransome.
Rev. Horatio Stebbins. D.D.. was re
quested to sneak by the chairman, Mrs.
Lloyd Baldwin, but he simply proposed a
vote of thanks to President Wheeler.
DIME CONTRIBUTIONS WANTED.
Teachers and Pupils Requested to
Help Children's Hospital.
Superintendent Webster has addressed
a communication to the principals and
teachers of the public schools, In which
he circulates an appeal for financial aid
to the Moulder memorial fund, and asks
for a jjenerous response. The circular
reads as follows:
The annual appeal Is hereby made to the
teachers of the School Department for dime
contribution! to the Children's Hospital. After
the yearly payment of S2S on the Moulder
memorial bed the surplus will be added to the
sum (s2*2 40) now In the Hlbernla Dank to the
credit of the fund. The teachers who act as
school delegates in this charity are requested
to make their returns to the Superintendent*
office before the Christmas vacation.
BISHOP NICHOLS ON
FOREIGN MISSIONS
HE ENTERTAINS CALIFORNIA
WOMEN'S AUXILIARY.
Declares That the Church Will Follow
the Nation in a Philippine Pol
icy With Extreme
Caution.
The California Women's Auxiliary of
the Episcopal church met yesterday
afternoon at Trinity Church. An Inter
esting feature of the session was a report
by Bishop Nichols on the meeting of the
Missionary Council and the House of
Bishops, which took place last October in
St. Louis. The Bishop was a member of
the first meeting, which was held at St.
James Church, Philadelphia, at the time
Bishop Nichols was rector of the church.
The report was one of encouragement
to the workers in the missionary field.
The Bishop said that he went to the con
vention with the idea that more attention
would be given to the missionary work
abroad than at home, and was agreeably
surprised to llnd the home work take the
first place.
One of the important matters discussed
at the meeting was the missionary work
In the Orient, and in this regard the Phil
ippine Islands came In for their share of
attention. Referring to them, the Bishop
said that it was still an open question
as to whether or not they belonged to the
United States.
"The President has not learned his
geography lessons— nor any one else, for
That matter— sufficiently to know yet
whether the Philippines are a part of this
country or not," said Htshop Nichols.
During another part of his report the
reverend gentleman said that the alert
ness of the church prompted it to follow
tho nation wherever it planted the. flag,
but that it would move with extreme cau
tion.
The convention will meet in San Fran
cisco in 1901. and Bishop Nichols believes
that the effect of the whole power of the
church on the community will be to give
tho city a breath of a new religious at
mosphere.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ir^^i CONSUMPTION CURED, I
I jt?^f Mrs. Riddle's Life Sated by D
f A%J?7m DUFFY'S PURE MALT WHISKEY. I
iS BuffflS'/ [Soli: Oentlemen— l bad a 0.-ugh for thi^a yeora. '
5! «M '\ N/> ItSBsK Gentlemen— l bad a couth for thr*-» years. «
Ji fl *</?J \ vC^ROIK tffecta of grip and not taking proper care of 1
ft JlJnZngt- \\«ft«\ myself. In April. 119*. I became so w»ak I was.
I? #SSPI\V^W \^' unable to work. I was examine by two physl- mm
m JSj^^S^wrv^Oi "4H clans, who told me I ha i bronchitis very bad.
in HmW yji f^kii They advised me to use Duffy's Malt Whiskey. <
lit Per Yj'ter^^rS l ! bUt XWM *° bitter •«' alnst whiskey that I h
1 N / - Jato^ would not consent. )
///I _^ X\>4\\ By Aug. Mth last I had iron* so far as to b« Ni
tel 'Ml/ \\ \W unable to get my breath, except with difficulty iV
]|| Bit 7\ I \\\ —was very low. I thought I could not Ilv»
Mi / \\ \\\ much lonrer. Our old physician. Dr. T. W. >>
I \ 1 ft \\ \\\ Campbell of Energy, 8. C. examined my lungs
In! /■ 1/ ft \ l\ tolJ m * the rlrht one was very bad and the left ;•
Hrl /«// 1 1 l\ on * but * trtfle better, hut that I had enough '
M In' l II \\ lung* left to live a good while yet If I would f«
,J /If/, I \\ I take plenty of Duffy's Malt Whiskey, and tak» 1
fvß 1/1/ 1 \ \ v r *rularly. By this time I wan willlnr to da [V
nl if// I 1 \ — anythtnr for relief. So dM dear old man. \
Wil ll' 1 / I \ \ though he Is not a whiskey doctor, ordered m*
I ' 1/1 I I \ ' to begin at once .with two tablespoonfuls as a a
1 i I'M M \ \ <Jo ** ever 3r two hours, day and night. I did so. 7
frfj /It //j I V an immediately began to Improve, and now. ;i
r 3 /// /// I \ *!* weeks from that time. I can breathe almost iM
P.il / Urn 9 11 .1 \ as well ■■ I ' ver MM, and Dr. C. says my \
flNi / /§'>' m I I lungs are healed. except one dull place la th» |
IltJ I im' 1 I / I right lung, and that the cavities are eon tract **
f'.M C fir /v // I Ido not know whether Cod is going to let V
|.'.y \&7 II *r me ret well or not. but I humbly trust Ha '
> 1 C. X I will, and I. believe that under Ood your Whls- M
S»SL ' - key h ** saved my life thus far. and If I hal H
< PyT^»^»._^-<^*f!!Mi begun a year ago I would have b#en cured by
Ifi MaßutyfsNßllJPWXt' lhtt tlm<? Respectfully.
! KKKnfit "wQSiillfel Duffy's pur- malt whisker Is a r-rfwt M m- fll
r// 1 ImnaUMMll V iiijJßHlV r!■ '" tryr bronchitis, consumption, coughs, colda I? I
\'\f, ***sffiflPUr UfWM* 1 fllf 11 " 1 thro fiJ ln ' 1 lunr t^" h '*"- «ni ts prescrtbad
r/fly/ - \6Wrl ! !||)f'i) C* s by ovrr :oo ° regular phvslr|«n». ti
■/■ 1//*=^ \«Rwi i i U'V" B k ° » Ju * hl * Information sent fr«« oa i
//' J/«n\ apptlcaUon. I
I f(T M" AimY £ A DUFFY MALT WHISKEY CO., %
I Jc^/Z/>J NfVfJ? ;{& , ROCHESTER, >. Y.
L tLJJJ __ LJ ,, LU j
AMTJSEMEUTS.
THE BIOVENT!
Thursday Afternoon,
December 14.
A . T T H . E Orpheum.
MONSTER CONTINUOUS PERFORMANCE
. IN AID OF THE
CHARITY FUND
—OB" THB—
Associated Theatrical Managers
of San Francisco.
THE GREATEST BILL EVER OFFERED.
FREDERICK WARDB and Company, from
th« Columbia.
The FRAWLEY COMPANY, from the Cali-
fornia.
An act of "HIS MAJESTY." from the Grand
Opera House.
An act of "Mother Earth" from the Alcazar.
CAMILLE D'ARVILLE. GEORGE FULLER
GOLDEN and the Cream of Vaudeville, from
the <>r;.hrum.
FERRIS HARTMAN and an Operatic Sur-
prise, from the Tlvoll.
ORIGINAL GEORGIA MINSTRELS, from
the Alhamhra.
MAJOR MITE and Big Things, from the.
Chut.
CAD WILSON and Vaudeville Lights, from
the Olympla.
CURTAIN RISES AT ONE O'CLOCK SHARP.
CARRIAGES AT 5:30.
The Managers and Actors have helped
every known charity. Now help them.
Eaou.h Hiid.
RESERVED SEATS— Entire Ground Floor,
jr. Balcony, 2:.c and 50c; Box Seats. $150.
SALE OF SEATS WILL BEGIN AT THE
ORI'HEUM BOX OFFICE HONDA MORN-
ING. DECEMBER 11. AT 9 O'CLOCK.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
TO-NIGHT!
AN ACKNOWLEDGED HIT.
Francis Powers' Mexican Tragedy,
"MOTHER EARTH"
INCREASED ORCHESTRA.
Music by EMILE BRUGUIERE. Preceded by
the Humorous Farce,
"UP TO WATKINS."
SEATS Isc, 25c, 35c, 50c.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
______ — — —
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN K2.
•
ANOTHER CALIFORNIAN TRIUMPH.
ALL THIS WEEK.
H J Stewart and Peter Robertson'* Brilliant
' Comic Opera. »
HIS MAJESTY.
All previous productions totally eclipsed.
A DELIGHTFUL ENTERTAINMENT.
USUAL PRICES— Me. »Sc. Vie. 15c. 10c
Good Reserved Seat at Saturday Matinee. Be.
Branch ticket office. Emporium.
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
_ Visitor* to this
DifiArattiQ clty snould not fall
r idnOldllld to » cc the greatest
luiiuiuiuu work of art ever
_ - „ presented to the
Battle Of PU Ma C rvelcu 9 In de-
lmillV Vi tail, wonderful In
\ .__ i __. -a-^ execution.
Manila Bay °P en da i ly 10 *• m -
TIM II I I/i llnV to 5 p. m.
ITIUIIIIU uuj Market st*; nr . Bth.
STEEF»LECHMSE. ; '.rj>;
rCMTDiI DiDlf sth anil Market sts.— Open
CtMKAL I AKK Dally frcm 1 to 11:30 p. m.
IT'S THE PLACE WITH THE TUNHY ETAIR3.
Professor Hill, the fearless equilibrist, In his
hazardous specialty: Jeffrles-Fltzsimmons Jlßht.
every round of the famous pugilistic encounter;
the Mechanical Bands imported direct from
Germany: the Raixle- Dazzle; the great Roman
Carrous!>el and scor»* of other funny things.
The entire bill DIRECT KR< »M ■
ISLAND. Admission. 10c; Includes a ride on
the horses. Handsome presents to the winners.
VAII ARC Cordially invited to
-YJJU Attend the...
ANNUM RECEPTION AND ART EXHIBITION
Of I^^Latlmer and pupils, which will be held
In ijflfTiaple Parlor of the Palace Hotel on the
afte^oons and evenings of December S and 6.
•■■
»-j£2jammm£2*tM mf ?* U .• ncn-poi«onn»»»
remedy for QonorrtuaaT
Gleet. 8p« rmat orr h^at
s^WinmtiiiTi.^ >>bit«i, unnatural ll*.
fIV GunsuM osiargM, or any lofln~ma-
ff"»W not to •trUtcm. lion, irritation or ulcer*-
PfiTtmu deaucua. tlon of mcc o a s ni*ni-
K^ttTHEEvAHSCHEVICuCa *>ranie. Kon-ia:rlD«ent.
VM^cjmsiskui.o -BCH *° Id b^ !»|-Bnr4aU,
C. Z. a. jBM 3' •«»* In plain prr.\pr«r.
w r lr ■ Cuvuia* mm v« ntz*m>
j AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA THEATER
Hi.
AGAIN, A VERITABLE TRIDMPB!
THIRD TREMENDOUS SUCCESS OF TIII3
FRAWLEY COMPANY,
THE BEAUTIFUL. ROMANTIC PLAY.
"AN ENEMY
TO THE KING."
Presented, as usual. In a superb and sumptnoa*
wanner. characteristic of Mr. T. Daniel
Frawley*s Stage Productions.
Secure your seats early. ••"""*•.
as this will be anothsr •JT^SwSv • *
RECORD BREAKING /flj m'\
POPULAR prices. *»• i^^ •
Evening 7^?. COc. 230 *« 2
Matinee Joe, :5o *' ■^i-^^ m \ " *
Next Sunday Night. */r Jr
The Third Great Play. •••••••
"THE FATAL CARD."
TIVOU OPERA-HOUSE.
CLOSED FOR DECORATION AND REPAIRS.
Box Office open as usual for sale of seats.
GRAND GALA REOPENING
NEXT SATURDAY NIGHT
For the Comic Opera Season.
' i rsecus production of
TAR and TARTAR
Reappearance of the popular comedian
FERRIS H/\F?T/V\ArN.
Return of the Charming Soubrette.
AININIIB MEYERS.
Blr Double Company of Favorite! ! i
Unsurpassed Chorun an.l Orchestra! !
All Prevk.u« Presentations Eclipsed! I
POPULAR PRICES— and 80 cents.
Telephone for seats, Hush 9.
COLUMBIAN
| LAST 0 NIGHTS. jj&\
THE SENSATIONAL SUCCESS.
JACOB LITT*S GREAT REVIVAL OB*
BRONSON HOWARD'S WAR PLAT.
ISHENANDOaIT
200 PEOPLE. 50 HORSE 3.
s'tuPen^us BATTLE SCENE.
NO INCREASE IN PRICES— Ko to $1.
NEXT MONDAY FREDERICK WARDB
Opening Play. "THE LION'S MOCT:
(THE PEOPLE'S PLAYHOUSE.) I
Eddy and Jon* Sts. Phone SOUTH 770. '
WE ARE KEEPING OUR PROMISE BY OIV-
INQ THE FUNNIEST SHOW IN TOWN.
this IS why WE ARE PLAYINO TO titb
CAPACITY.
DO TOT' WANT TO ENJOY A HEARTY
LAUGH? THEN COME AND SEE
"MR. PLASTER OF PARIS"
ONE WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
SPECIAL PRICES:
Evenings lie, r.<\ ISc. and 80*
Matinee lie. So and Mo
Nut Sundty !»lf at-ong:c.i OEORQIA MINSTRELS
%^»%
CROWDED HOU3IB ! DELIOHTID AUDIENCES I
TWO FAMOUS STARS.
CAMILLE D'ARVILLE
Th« Quean of Comic Ovrrt,
AND
GEORGE FILLER GOLDEN,
The King of Monologlsts.
With a strong collection of high class Vauda~
' ville Celebrities.
Reserved seats. 23 cents; balcony. 10 cents;
opera chairs and box seats. 10 cents.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION
TANFORAN PARK.
SECOND MEETING. Dec. 4-IS. 1533. Indus!?*.
Six high*ctass running races every week-day.
rain or shine, beginning at 1:3) p. m.
The Ideal winter racetrack of America, Pa-
trons step directly from the railroad can Into
a superb grand stand. gl:us-«ncloaed_ wheru
comfortably housed In bod weather they can
enjoy an unobstructed view of the races.
Trains leavo Third and Townsend streets at
9:io. 10:40 and 11:30 a. m.. and 12:13. 12:33. i_\;.i
and 1:25 p. m . returning Immediately after
last race and at 4:13 p. m. Rear cars rcscrvol
for women and their escorts. No smoking.
| Valencia street 10 mlnn'ea later.
' San Jose and way stations. Arrive at San
Bruno at 12:45 p. m. Leave San Bruno at 4:00
an-i 4M'» p. rr
' Rates: San Francisco to Tanforan and re-
turn. Including admission to track. II H.
W. J. MARTIN. President.
F. H. GREEN, Secretary and Masag.tr. ;
78
NEWS OF THE BIGGEST SPORTING EVENTS OF THE DAY
ONE SHAKY
START DID
THE DAMAGE
Put lie Lost Confidence When
A;amada Was Left at Tan
ioran Park.
Soni" people think the) recall flag on a
rare track is a (food thing, and others
that it Isn't. It all depends on how one
)a* his money b»t. On Saturday last at
Oakland Jim Ferguson developed the fact
that the flag can bo abiistd, and >«•
terday, the opening day at Tanforan
I -ark. Jim Caldwell showed plainly
tnough how the public's money can be
• a:.r. .u-tM by not using the bunting to
bring the horses bock. This Is how the
mistake occurred. Afamada ruled an
oddj»-on favorite for th» six furlong
sprint, third on th« card, and It did look
a -down." Th» mare was plunged on
at short odds. In a false breakaway half
of the horse** Including the favorite,
on which VlttMoe had the mount, started
to pull up. Just then dwell released
the barrier. Loving Cup, aloto 1 shot,
looked a winner to within a few yards
of the wire, where Jack Martin, on Mo
corlto. the second chotoe, got up In time
i■> win by less than a length. The favor
i:e never had a chance.
A* ton of the six choices were barreled,
the books reaped a harvest. The tnrck
*as East, and the weather perfect for
racing purposes.
Dlomed was best of th.c Et&rters In th«
opening run for two-year-olds at seven
furlongs, but Martin, on Advance Guard,
<nutro<le nson. astride the brother to
r-lggs. getting the de«clKlon by over two
lengths. My Gypwy. the favorite, looked
her old time speed.
Lothian, with Henry In the saddle, wot.
the mile and a sixteenth run. Silver
Tone had the call, but after leading for
iK*vrly a mile began to cult and was
beaten two lengths. Castake, a 20 to 1
chot. was third.
Eight lined up In* the mile and a fur
long handicap. Through clever riding
Dcvln, on Opponent, landed •':■.« 7 to 1
chance winner over Dr. Nembula by a
length. Morlncl ran third.
I >uke of York won the hurdle handicap.
The Jumper ruled a 5 to l shot, and in a '
drive lea Granp^r. the favorite, out a
reck. Major B ran third.
Oorritrnn's horse G. B. Morris made a
gallop of the final mile and a sixteenth
celling run. The -ay home was Installed
favorit*. and he had only to romp to
boat Tempo eight lengths. Fleming, a
« to 1 chance, ran third.
Track Notes.
The stownrds of the California Jockey
Cluh will meet this evening at .8 o'clock.
Tull.omore pulled up on three leg*. Ho
won't Jo. evidently, for pom© time.
Eighteen hooks cut In. The play was
Slot ov««rllvelj\
Jim IVrjnipon. the M ••t. got too clone
to th«* beds of Ostler Joe down In the
iiaddock and stopped one of the Mark
Imrae's .herln with one of his shin bones.
The track *urgeon patched him up.
To-Day's Entries.
Tlrnt race— B!x furl^nss; tiro-7*ar-ol4s; i^!l-
Inc.
l» HI Arif..--.... SSI 4CJ The Sent... IC3
*'.". Tar HtlJ llui <s:mVaJlcnstein 100
J>r. l>u?.blane 1» 4 r <* Allenna 100
S?1 Tlr. na ltX 871 F ll vw Tall 107
3TI Jolly Iltitnn M, SVI The Lady 102
CSC Ihf\>>- llii Z7C IllllourUC SJ
::s5 ltaceito luO, 4C2 Hindoo Prlncew SJ
S7G Md of ■■' - HUH Btj ... Gll>s&ndo ICS
S^oiml r»r*— Flv« and m half furlong*; three
>f«r-"lvlc ml i;j'irtril; <l!'nt
... Saintly 104' SlB Crnker 104
rs Jlra nrown*n...ic» M Manranllla 109
... SMr I'rtan 1M ■.'-'■. Fern 104
r« r>-mr.n» 104 l?« Pt. luiflor H 4
l"" Honalbra 112 401 I-UClil 118
K> «l»j.l Hope 104;
Third rare — One mll«; "■r»»-jr^»r-o)(Jt and
vjiward: nelilnf.
4 .:. M •r.tanun 110 m Caudal* 107
COS !>pl"nare inj l ... (;i»n«it«T 102
4CT Kin «hioo .... *• m Maiter L<»^ S3
Z*> f>rs!bf» «. •» 879 Stromo M
BV4 flm „♦. >!* 2?1 Rainier M
Fourth raoe— Sfvn furlong-t: th:**-y»ar-old«
and uj w!\nl.
4^l True p.iue K«4 • «r»j Ventoro 107
Z'rt Jtnrl* Jtna:)<» f>» 407 Terrene K'7
... Dairy X 112 403 Ollnthu* 1"7
CM i) 0.-nnnr K7 BS7 Han V^nado lu7
<347)Nai<u»ax 112
Fifth rare-Five rind a half furlonr»; three
y««ar-ol(J« and upward: »eUInK.
... C. 11. lUirrif'on.W ...HaclTan 104
.„ Meddler US. 2fC Februarj- 1(»
... Hweet William. .l'ttj Xs* PUver sj«ia io.
CS BklrnjiEh Ml 376 Xl Halado 109
Sixth rar*-Flve and a half furlonr*; alt
antes.
X Pp!Ve ■ 238 Monfia 104
<3sr,)Kin« Carnival.. IC7. «77 May ■■• ICJ
t4C3>Tlmetr:fcker 112 «H4)Mocorlto .. 10J
m« Flaiaira ..: . •.:
Selection* for To-Day.
r!n»t race— WaJler.Mein, Dunblane, Silver
Tail.
Saoon4 race— Oood Hope, Croker. Manranllla.
Third Tandale. Montanua. Rio Chlco.
Fourth rac*— Najmrnax. L»ai»y K. OUnthtu.
Fifth raoe— narlvan. February, Meddler.
Sixth rac*— May W, Tlmemaker. Flamora.
■======
TO ENCOURAGE BASKET-BALL.
Ura. Hearst Will Build a Court for
Berkeley Co-Eds.
nERKKI^KY. Dec -Mm. Phebe A.
Hearst, already famous ac a patroness
of th« university , announces a new bone
laction tles-l^ned to further the welfare
of her favorite*, the "co-ed!"." This tlm©
It Is an laelaMd outdoor basket-ball
court, calculated to remove the difficulties
that have hitherto prevented intercollegi
ate contest* between the California and
Stanford team*. The Stanford girls have
demanded that the pa me* be played on an
cjK-n-air court and henre necessarily be
fore a mixed crowd of Fp*ctator«. Pro
fcFPor ..1 ... ■ • of the University of Cali
fornia ha* nrmly refused to allow the
lUrrkeley jdrin to play under thefce con
ditions, and so the matter remained at a
FtandstUl until tho announcement of Mm
HeaiTfn nf-nerous olTer. Uy m«-an» of tn«
lnc]o?c-d opcn-alr cf.urt the conditions of
both teams may h«-- met and the intercol
lepi.ite n.itchos resiimed. Adjoining the
barket-t.ill court In the little rlade east
f' the enricultiiral college Hwarst Hall
»"11l l<e located as a clubhouse and ladlex'
pmnaflum after It shall have completed
Its proj<Mit mlh^ionast a banquet hall.
. ♦ .
SHOOTING AT SUISUN.
Som« Fine Bags Made by the Duck
Hunters.
Ducks *cr? more plentiful on the Sui
run marshes Sunday than at any time
*lnoe the season opened. Se\-eral of the
fP"Ttsnicn mnd" some extra fine ba^fs.
The be*t record was made by the Sul.«un
Oun Club and one of the members. Joe
*-;;•"•«• ■ carried oft the honors, with.
Blxty-nve birds. Kin* Perkins wlneed
twenty-seven. Jim Mun>hy twenty-Rlx
Hnd Tommy Robinson fourteen. Tommy
Hume and Johnnie Murphy, the Jockevn
who were the jrue*tn of the ' club, got
fourteen between them. The record of
the Pr'.v.rle Club wm: \VW Bryan, twen
ty-r.lne; VV;lson ami Harper, thirty-six:
ivlwurd Hllborn. t\v< niy-o?ie. It was the
Potrero Club's fir»t season on th«
marshes and belnp unfamiliar with the
rrounds no recor^n were broken. Jack
Hmith and Ureck Morrell did the i»ei«t
Fhootlnp and had to their credit a bag
of thlrty-flvc birds.
■ m .
Favoritf* in Poor Form.
NEW ORLEANS. Dec. i— Favorites
were In poor form to-< Jay and Trladltza,
who rprt ad-ea^led her field, was the only
one to land the money. R» suits:
PclJlnr. »ix furlonrs— Debrlde. won. Dr.
Wamsley second. Me Albert third Time. 1:I5«4.
Five and a half furlonp»— Trladltza won. Su
preme •*>cend. nylotta third. Time. 1:08.
Six furlonr* and a half— inert won. Jim
Gore II second. Decide third. Time, i \l%
Handicap.' one mile— nennerllla won. Andes
**frond. Larkman third. Time, l:< 7.
Bclllnir. one mile— Colonel Casuldr wen. Km-
BIC •eoond. Dandy H third. Time, 1:«\.
DRAW FOR
MIDWEEK
COURSING
Fleet Hounds That Will
Course at Union Park
Next Wednesday.
Following is the midweek counting
draw at Union Park. Fifty-six entries.
Regular midweek stake prizes. Train
will le*V« Third and Townsend streets at
10:15 a. m. he druw:
J. Colerean'i Good By vs. E. D. Main's Free
Silver Boy: Curtis & Son's Commodore vs. M.
London's Macnetto; Connell Bros.' Log Boy
vs. J. H. Perlgo's Controller; J. O'Dowd'n
Clifton I-i«l vs. Ir» n & Lyons" May Queen ;
Curtis * Pen's McKlnley vs. E. Geary's Hon
'•!< Hasha; T. J. Cronln's Depend On Me vs.
J. 11. IVrlco's Lady Davenport: J. McCor
mack's (name?) Hairbmln vs. Pasha Kennels'
neannex; Aeneld Kennels' A**neas vb. George
Beuhen's Aloha; Jeff Martlneit's Hill Foster;
vs. Firming Bros.' Flam«; Curtis & Boa's Van
ity Fair v*. J. MoCormleU'a Black Daisy; J.
Collins' Matchless vs. P. UcCabe's Sky Blue;
Gus At>«rcromble's Ermah vi. F. C Mack's
Delia M: P. Itlley's V.\i-r.*- m. Oonneli Bros. 1
Clover; J. O'Dowd's |,iv»r vi J. Mr. r-
Iro*B Pretty Girl: Ed Wllmn'B (name*) Mairnet
vs. S. Moorf's H x. \«-r;.-:d Kennels' lYetender
v». M. B. Kavanaufh's Hard IJnes; T. J.
Cronln's Iron Duke vs. Hd Wilson's (names)
Marneslo: P. A. McComb'a Miss Skyrocket v*.
F. A M•< ml •■ One Spot: Connell Bros.'
Gre«n I»le vs. W. J. Browning's Mountain >
FMle; Sterle & Krowlm' Froety Morn vs. Flem
ing Bros.' F\iry: Aeneld Kennels' AlfiPfi"n' a
« Pasha Kennels' Royal Ann; Jeff MarUnett's
Bernal Boy vs. Sterl A Knowles' OHara: S.
E. Portal's iAorelwood II v*. M B. Kav
inaxh's Swedish; W. M. McCarthy's Lily of
the Valley vs. S. E. Portal's Gallagher: P.
Rllej-'s Master Mat v«. T. Locan's Mips Orlr
tle; Russell. Allen & Wilson's Julius «'«r«ar
rs. Handy & Smith's Ida; S. E. Portal's Sophie
rs. Curtis «V Son's Flying Fox; Handy A
Smith's Victor Queen ys. F. A. McComb's Ut
tie Joker.
WESTERN BASBALL LEAGUE.
Representatives of Six Cities Perfect
an Organization.
OMAHA. The "Western League
of professional baseball clubs was organ
ized In this city to-day by representatives
from five prominent mid-Western cities.
Thomas J. HJckey of St. Joseph. Mo., for
merly president of the Western Associa
tion, was elected president and treasurer.
Six cities wen admitted to membership
as follows: Omaha, Dcs Molnes, Sioux
City. St. Joseph. Lincoln and Denver. The
other two cities necessary to complete an
eight-club circuit will be chosen from the
following '-ants: Cripple Creek,
Pueblo. TDp«Ka. Davenport. Cedar Rapids,
Ottumwa and Rock Island.
HAWKINS WINS EASILY.
San Franciscan Defeats Jack Cftrrig
in Five Rounds.
BUFFALO. Dec. 4.— Dal Hawkins of
San Francisco and Jack Carrljf of Glean
met at the Olympic Club to-night for a
twenty-round hout at 133 pounds. After
two minutes' f:j;hiln(r of the fifth round
Carrie's seconds threw up the sponge.
The Clean man was clearly outclassed,
going down repeatedly In the third round
and fourth round.
♦
HAWTHORNE TRACK SOLD.
Bid In by the Chicago Racing Asso
ciation's President."
CHICAGO. Dec. 4.— Richard Fitzgerald
at a judicial sale to-day purchased the
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
(Copyright, 1899. by H. H. Esb^rt )
TANFORAN PARK. Monday, December 4. 1899.— Fourteenth day
of the Winter Meeting of the Western Turf Association. Weather fine.
Track fast.
J .} lIfRKE- Prenldlna- Judse J. F. rALDWEIAr-Starter.
A'V
ill
I^— Starter.
AI Q riUST RATE— Peven furloncn: two-year-olds; puree. $400.
. _ ... — ~
f I ! Betting.
Index. Horse. Weight. St. Km. 4m. \m. Btr. Fin. Jockeys. Op. <1.
'
: I : :
219 Advance Guard 103! 3 3n 22 25 14 124 J.Martin 8-5 5-1
319 Dlomed 100,2 12 IV 13 26 28 Johnson ' ♦ 4
815 My Gypry 100; 1 44 6 32 33 310 Ranch ; 6-5 6-5
4<» Burdock 95! S 5 42 41 42 42 Phelan 12 10
272 The Echo.. ICO| ' 2 4 3 n __6 j 6 T. Walsh jl2 20
• ... S. 1.01: T 4. 1:27«4. Good -tart Won first three driving. Winner.
Carruthern £ Shields' eh. c. by Imp Great Tom-N^llle Van.
Dlomed phould have won; he was tevt. but Johnson could not do him justice. My Gypsy
did not have I■• : «peed. ■> ■„- ' -
Pcratchei— Klckumboh 103. ' '
jM IQ :• RACB Mil<- and a sixteenth, three-year-olds and upward: purse, $400.
I I IBetUaf.
Ir.lex H'n- Age. W.-Uht St. \»m. 4m. \m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. |Op. O.
~ : , I ■
<407) Ix)thlan. 3 »< 2 3 1 2 1 23 14 IS Henry 5-2 3
*•->:. Fllver Tone. 3 ]•■ i 12 12 13 23 25 Vlttltoe 8-5 11-5
Ml rr a »take. 4 1- 3 64 «2 31 3 2 34 T. Walnh 6 SO
<401) Ostler Joe, < 11- 6 4n 44 4n 41 In Bullman 3 13-5
Ss>4 Owyheo. 3 9711 5 4 64 62 62 63 Hrlnson 20 30
*34 PerVonne. 6 103 7. 71 71 8 6 4 62 Stuart 40 SO
SV2 Snli*. 4 lift! 5 2n 2n 61 73 76 E. Jones 10 15
JFi_ A JiSli-— ? ..103! 8 8 8 7 4 8 8 I>evln .^.^^^ _W 10
Time 1 16. M; 5-16, :S2; 9-l«. :56«4: 13-1«. 1:224; mile, 1:414; 1 1-I6m. 1:474. Fair start
except Alicia. Won cleverly. Second and third drlrtnK. Winner, J. Foley's b. g., by Imp.
Mtdlothlan-I»leta.
Lothian much the best. Silver Tone liken neren furlongs Castake ran a swell race.
Track too hard for tier Joe. Too much weight on Snips. Alicia almost left.
At A HUH! * furlongs; selling, three-year-olds and upward; purse. 1400.
I . I Betting.
Index. i; ■-» Ac*. Weight. [St. Utn. 4m. %m. Btr. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
<IKS) M"<- r:to. 4 107 « ... 52 41 22 11 '.I. Martin I 3
144 Loving <-up. 4 110' 1 ... 12 In 1 4 IS Joe Weber.... 8 10
*n\ Alarka. 4 11l 3 ... 3 3 3 2 41 (1 Conley IS 40
(ITT) Hy harts. 4 110 2 ... 1»4 2 2 II 4h E.Jane5....... 10 12
848 Mamie G. 6 101 6 ... 7 2 II 52 52 Phelan 15 30
<3JS) Potcnte. 4 10. » ... » *4 «4 63 Johnson 4 7
ZZ9 Afamada. 4. ... 104 8 ... SI 8 10 7 4 7 6 Vlttltoe 1 1
*33 Formula. S. IH ' ... 4,72 815 825 Henry SO 60
37S Tulls more. 5.... 107| 4 ' ... ' '"■ 9 > 9 Hullman 10 U
Tlme-V. :3; 4. :4JYi" K. 1:13*;. Nad start. Won first three driving. Winner, O. P.
RotnlKh's eh. m.. l.y \n '.ci.-Snrita Monica.
Half of t!^ rldem were imllln^ up when barrier was reused. Track too hard for SybarJs.
r"ot»-ntr had no rhnncp; wat«*h him. TulUmor« broke down.
Scratched— Wlliri*!»r 101. - . Ikunh 101. Aprona 101, Yule 107. Potentate 104, Aluminum 105.
I Betting.
|Op. Cl.
■ ~ — . . «
4|K ro\ • X Mile and an ci K hth; handicap: three-year-olds and upward:
Tndrx. Hor*e. Ape. \V«lcht.jSt. Urn. %m. Str. Fin. I Jockeys. pp. Cl!
'im. ".rn. Ftr. Tin. Jockajra. Op. Cl.
Batting.
Op. Cl.
Z-r, Opponent. 4 ?<;( 3 4n 514 2n»21 11 Devln 6 7
IM V>r. Xnnl.uia. 4 !0»i • 12 11 12 11 2 1 Thorpe 5 I
(£» Marinel. 4 107' 4 2H 2n 3n in 31 Hullman.. .. 3 7-1
35ft Pare 11. 3 Ml 32 in 61 6 2 In T. Walnh T*" •
<S7S) Zorra«t*r. I 10f.| 7 61 63 62 44 61J Martin 8 7-1
337 Malay. 1 10316 52 41 4 1 5h 66 Vlttltoe.... ' 4 4
2:"! R.iiKmai-'er. 5 <* I 71 74 74 72 73 Henry 18 20
** btutnart. 3 &0| I 8 « S_ 8 8 J. Walsh 40 100
Ttmr_u. :2S; 4. : ;oa t ; *;. l:U>vi : mile. 1:41; lHm. 1:134. Good start. Won handily
S<-cnn<l and third driving. Winner. J. I 'ley. eh. %., by Onondaco-Elstn
C»rponent lucky: nm H»r nth next the rail. Or. Nembula ran a corklnc race. Zoroaster
rwened In toward mil and r.rods a let-up. Malay quit.
•d lik FIFTH RACE— MiIe and an eighth: hurdle handicap; three -year-olds and upward*
•^ *VF • !>ur*e, i 4 ""). '
Index. Horße. Are. Weight. St. Urn. 4m. «im. fitr. Fin. Jockeys. Op? U c^i
851 Duke of Tork 11. I. 14?) 1 Th 11 ll ~. 1 n PaMy 4 I
40S Grander. • 155 1 41 42 it ... 11 Glover '.'.'.' "."" 5-1 1
S3S Major P. 6 issi « 7 1 5 3 4h ... 8 8 Roulller 4 I
3.'8 no»«nore. a IST, 3 31 SI 24 ... 41 T Murphy!!!' 4 4
«S VF. 6 143 4 2 h 2 1 3 2 ... 54 McKenna .. 4 7-1
333 Fl Fl. a ml 6 6 2 610 6 1 ... 6 6 M00dy ...... 10 «
... Monlta. a IK> 7 8 2 7 3 7 4 » ... 7 5 Mat tier • •
358 Una Colorado, a.. ..150 9 9 8 8 ... 8' Evan. 1? Ik
M Pon^* 4 ir. 8 C Pulled up . it c&oper 12 12
Retting.
|Op. C\.
•r>l*d with Rosumore.
Tim. 2:0C4. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner '
Duk? of Norfolk-Carmen.
Duke had best of weights and was backed by the right set.
In Kt retch. * . .
Pcratrhed-J O C 137.
I. Morehou^e's eh. g., by
. Roasmore swerved badly
417.
BIXTH RACE- Mile and a sixteenth: three-year-olds and upward; purse.
IV.
Ir.dex
Ag». WHk'
Betting.
Op. a.
Urn.
4m.
Km.
Btr.
Fin.
Jockeys.
812 O. n Morri*. a 104 1 51 It 14 11 1 § itmill«i
3*4 Tempo. 6 1115 Ih 41 44 \\ Con,}^
345 Fleming. 4 107 4 11 lh 2 1 2h II ju*';:
K0 Lena. 6ii i 104 i 6 5 4 1 6 3 *^ ** L*BHfc«~
... Inverary 11. 4*. .■.■.'.: KM 7 Jh -7 61 52 61 «-£«!£"
141 Hohenlohe. 4 ...107 I 2h Sh 3h 52 65 v n!2!
«» P-h.ll>r. a :: 2 4h «1 7 7 7 !&.„*£;
Tlm«— l-K :07: 5-IS. :31U; 16, :57»i; 13-16. 1:5214 • mile. i:41i :41 i 4 . 1 ' i~it^T~w, l^.
BeuJga *' *""'"* " nd thlnl drlvlnc ™** Corrtcaa-.'b. i. by Longfem
Scra?che^Flr?t 'Sail**!* ■* hCr BPWd * the 8Ubl ? : •"•» the Judge, didn't i
3-2 4-6
8 IS
20 40
I
1! 25
12 15
6 7
od start.
•w-Queen
1 Isa It.
TIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1890.
AMATEURS WILL BATTLE
FOR FISTIC SUPREMACY
Men Who Will Contest at the
Columbia Club.
THE Columbia Athletic Club is making a string bid for public favor. Fol
lowing closely on the heels of its successful fistic entertainment given
some weeks ago. the newly organized club has arranged live bouts to lie
contested on Thursday night at Its clubrooms. 2S Golden Gate nvonue.
If the contests are carried out with as much neatness and dispatch is the
Initial programme there Is every possibility that the Columbia! will meet with
the approval ct the sporting public.
Matchmaker Murphy of the club has arranged a splendid card for Thursday
right. James Ryan, a lightweight, who comes from Montana with a record f>r
grit and victories won. Is matched to fight Charles Vleksrs, a local amateur w w .o
is rapidly rising to the top of the h<\np by reason of his cleverness and hit
ting powers. Both la.ls will ftjfht at Ul pounds and nr» scheduled to go cljrnt
rounds. That the flght will b e a toorcher is evldenc. .1 |.y th.- paM DSftonnanccS
of the contestants. Ryan is strong and willing, and the snim- can be said of
Vicker?. Rynn has been trl^d out slid found to he a worthy aatagomsi f.»r Vlck
ers. Both m»-n are training hard for the bout and a warm time Is sspected.
Charlie Thurston and Joe Ix>ng are to meet the same night. They wil» ficht
nt Id pounds, and a* neithe;- man *iap any love for the other, a good battlr sh uid
"Kid" Johnson, the clever young representative of the Sfln Prandsco
Athletic Cluti will do battle with Paji Steele, a tighter who is unknown to local
fame, but who is considered n "comer" by the management. "Kid" Finnorty
and Joe O'Leao* arc to contest for bantam honors and are expected to put up a
lively exhibition.
Eucene Field of the Columbia Athletic Club ar.d Jack Moss of Angels ("amp
are expected to do some tall Mugg-inc. iloth men will pntt-r the ring at 175 p-mr.ts
and arv scheduled to go eight rounds. As the two heavy-weights are each pos
sessed Of a hard punch It is unlikely tnat the bout will go the limit. A de,i!.ion
will be givrn in each contest.
Hawthorne racetrack property for $27,500.
The property was fold In the foreclosure
proceedings of Dewltt H. Curtis and
George H. Kuhl against the Chicago Rac
ing Association. Fitzgerald la president
of the Chicago Racing Association, which
operated the track last summer, and It 19
supposed to-day's sale signifies the set
tling up of the litigation which has been
connected with the track for several
years.
Cannon Defeats Carkeek.
LIVERPOOL*, Dec. 4.— Tom Cannon d* I
fpated Jack Carkeek of the I'nltod States
In this city this evening Jn a contest for
the Uracco-Roman wrt:Ktlinp chimplon
ehlp. A purse of SW*< WM offTt-'d.
Freacott. has a sixteen-year-old
licensed girl pnncher.
McCONNELL
PUTS BURNS
TO SLEEP
Californian Knocks Out the
Cincinnati Lad in the
Eighth Round.
Special Mspatcb to Th* CML
BT. LOUIS, Dec. Frank McConnell
of San Francisco knocked out Charley
Burns of Cincinnati in the eighth round
of what was to have been a twenty-round
bout, in ihe arena of the St. Louis Ath
letic Club at the Fourteenth-street Tliea
ter to-night. The men fought at catch
weights.
Much had Wen written regarding Me-
Connell's wonderful ability as a rini? lac
tician, and a good-sized crowd turned out
to witness the contest. The Oalifornian
had no difficulty in taking Burns' meas
ure, and his work fully justified all that
had been said of him. ICeC tnnell was
trained to the hour, but Burns did not
seem to be up to a bruising mill. Mc-
Connell was very cool and calculating «ml
his side-stepping and ducking weru su
perb.
The men t!ld not begin fighting ham un
til well into the fifth round, when Mi-Con
nell drove right and left to the head, forc
ing Burns to the ropes. Just before the
bell tapped McConnell sent a left to
Bump' head, sending him to his corner
decidedly oggy.
Burns recuperated quickly and put up a
good article of llKht in the seventh, put
tine his right hard to the jaw at the
belt.
In the elgl-th McConnell put 3urns
down with a hard right to the jaw, but
he wan up quickly and retaliated by driv
ing .i stiff right to IfcConnell'i stomach.
He followed this blow by a rlght-turnd
swing to Mac's head, which Jarred him
badly. McConnell cut lons*-, and after a
series of nifT exchanges, In which to
had much the better of It. crossed Hums
with a left to the Jaw. Hums was duzod
by the .blow and the Callfornian, seeing
his* advantage, crossed his right like a
flash to the point of the Jaw. bringing
Burns to the floor flat on his tack, where
he lay mot'.onleßs after he was couuid4
out.
I fennel] helped carry his beaten ad
versary to his corner. It was some time
before the Cinclnnatlp.n recovered pos
session of l.is faculties.
Tim Hurst ref freed the contest.
MARIN GAME LAWS
CAUSE MUCH STRIFE
i
Sportsmen and Lawyers Object to Su
pervisors Discriminating Against
Repeating Shotguns.
SAN RAFAEL, Dec. 4.— The wrangle
over the Marln County game laws on ac
count of their Intrinsic absurdities and
the antipathy Ronerally felt toward th«
Board of Supervisors, has reached a
point where the County Fathers realize
that some derisive move must be made.
It Is confidently expected that the session
of the Supervisors to-morrow will be In
teresting in consequence, but If the board
follows out the Intention stated by Indi
vidual members the controversy will be
come more heated than ever. It Is now
commonly admitted that the board made
a mistake in rejecting the proposed game
laws submitted for Its consideration by
City Attorney Boyd, which contained
none of the objectionable provisions lead-
Ing to co much strife.
The clause resulting in the most trou
ble has been th«. provision excluding the
use of "pump" guns, a well-known make
of repeating shotguns, on the ground of
claas legislation. Capitalist Marshall
fought this clause and apparently proved
it to be unconstitutional on the day when
Attorney (_narle:> S. Wheeler accused Jus
tice George Redden of being a "weakling"
and asked for a certified copy of the dis
missal of the case. This clause. Is re
garded as an absurdity, because another
provision of the ordinance makes It un
lawful to kill more than twenty-five
quail In one day.
Instead of seeing it In that light, how
ever, the bonrd intends to Interdict the
use of all repeating shotguns. Several
wealthy sportsmen, among Hiem Mar
shall, affirm their determination to fight
such a law to a finish, and a delegation of
sportsmen and attorneys will be present
to-morrow to protest against such action
being taken by the Supervisors. " ":•.-.
— ■ ♦ «
ONG YONG THREATENED.
Overall Manufacturer Complains to
Police of a Price on His Head.
Onjr Yong. a manufacturer of overalls at
618 Merchant street, complains to the po
lice that he is afraid of his life, and asks
protection. According to his story he has
refused to employ men at the dictation of
the Chinese Tailors' Union, and that body
is out for his scalp. About one week ago
a price of $600 was placed on his head, and
Saturday night It was raised to $800. The
trouble all arises out of a difficulty which
has been Roing on among the Chinese
talI 8 £ or some time. Ong Tong employs
eight y-nve men. Until a short time ago
i» LT^a? roembers of the Tailors 1 Union
at 1014 Stockton street, but recently the
union men were all discharged, and at
tne tailors headquarters It was reported
duce<L' ageS In ° n * yon *> shop were re-
OLYMPICS
TO RECEIVE
THE LADIES
Special Programme Arranged
in Honor of the Fair
Ones.
The fair sex wil be entertained at the
Olympic v Club to-morrow evening by .he
; members' with an indoor baseball game, a
; water polo contest anil an exhibition of
| high anil fancy diving. John E. Ham
mersmith, the popular leader cf the club,
I hits the programme in charge, and Judg
ing by past entertainments given under
his auspices the evening will be greatly
i enjoyed by the Indies.
The baseball game will be played by the
Populists pud the Republicans. Both
teams Jbave been practicing hard for the
honor ist representing the club In the In
door baseball league, which will be com
posed of the leading athletic clubs of the
Ht:>te. hit! the fair ones will In all likeli
hood Bee a hot contest. The clubmen will
lino up as follows:
Populists. Ponltlon. Republicans.
<;•■.. Tsmss (capt) Pitcher.. W. CartwHcht (col )
"Wm. Leonard Catcher L. Kollanfboe
H. Mriynahun Firat G. Follansbee
Charlen^Tatum.... Becond George Fuller
W. Haley Third W. Gimmell
Harry Cobb Shortstop Phil Wand
Ben Harrison I*eft shortstop J. Hooper
Al \al-le«i>lno Itlsht Held Al Pray
1 Charles IVrham.. Left field L. F.hrman
J. Cunningham... Center field J. Glea»on
The Olympic Reds and the Olympic
Whites will play an exhibition game of
water polo the same evening, and at its
conclusion Sid Cavlll. the club's swim
'■ ming ttacher. will give an exhibition In
aquatics. This should prove highly inter
■ esting, as Cavlll bears the reputation of
I being one <.f the lineal swimmers in the
world. He la ■ member of the Cavlll fem
il> . famous as swimmers.
On thr evening of December 13 th club
j will hold a swimming tournament. A
; large number of club members have en-
I tered for tho contests, which promise
i great sport. Excellent prlies will be
awarded the winners. The programme
; of events consists of a fifty-yard obstacle
i race; fifty-yard novice. 100-yard. maiden;
l diving for plates. 100-yard Junior race,
fancy diving. 220-yard distance race,
6wlmmlng under water and candle race.
JOE KENNEDY MAY BE
MATCHED WITH RUSSELL
Manager Charley Long of the Western
Athletic Club is making an effort to bring
Joe Kennedy and "Big" Russell together
in the ring !n the latter part of this
month. Russell has shown a willingness
to make the match, but owing to t)
senoc of Kennedy, who is In Sacramento,
his wishes cannot be learned. Long has
proved himself an astute manager, and
he is confident that the two heavy
weights would draw well. He calls at
tention to the vast improvement shown
by Russell since his memorable bout with
Van JJuskirk, whin the latter partook of
the big Fellow's ear. and also to t h<- ile
stre on the part of local fistic followers to
see Joe Kennedy perform stoot hi.
ii t th<- Lands of Peter Maher.
It would not take fit her man long to
get Into condition. Russell baa im;
himself greatly t>> boxing with A■ i
(ircKgalns and some clever amateurs who
have been in training at the San Fran-
Slsco Atht-ltlc Club. As Is already known.
Kennedy has just defeated 'Soldier"
Walker at the capital and is in rood
fettle.
Manager Long ha« practically matched
Jimmy Lawler to tight jimmy Maxwell
as a preliminary to the foregoing bout.
It is Bald Lawler Is stronger to-day thai
ever before In hit ring career lie was
anxious to go on again with Rufe Turner,
with whom he fi. tight twenty stiff roundi
at Btoekton. a- the latter Is match, l
to tight "Kill" Parker l-.-fore the Na
tional Club he expressed a willingness to
go on with Maxwell. The latter is
anxious tn again light the colored man,
and he has hopes of petting a second
meeting by defeating I.awler. Both lads
are willing and aggressive rlngsters. and
such a preliminary wmild prove a drawlnir
card.
On the evening of December 12 th«» San
Francisco Athletic Club will hold It-*
regular monthly exhibition. The mail
event will be between Henry Lewis if thi-<
city and J. J. »;il>!wtts of Vallejo at 142
pounds. The other bouts arranged for th->
name evening are: "Bud" Terry again-t
Julius Tillmann, at 118 pounds; Teddy Ir
wtn against Joe Collinn. at 12*5 pounds
and Fredericks against some clever ama
teur In his class.
VIPfiS (IF VHIITU
lUUii Ur lUU I n.
1 Every Man May Possess It — Wear Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt, !
I To the man whose vitality isr«; ;^ 1^ PF THHB| Are you a weak man? Are you S
0 exhausted and who finds himself, v^'"-" -. ' l<s.'\l <$.'\ tA. . . , ' T ••
g . . • . ' ■■■ "Jiii--^ v ' /■< M nervous, fretful, and gloomy? Is O
V while still young in years, afl '•• 'Y^^SSt-^" n 'v : '• VTV T
broken do\-n ir, , I ' / i*fei > V. ' I yOlir sleep broken? Have you Q
| broken down wreck McLaughlih I^^^^\r^^^^^ 5 RinS 3 " d adleS in (litTcrciU arts t
1 ought to he. the Dr. McLaujjhlinß MJTJ& , I pai " S an<l acheS in <litTcrcnt P arts ]
§ Electric Belt is full of encour- S^S'^^^^SSl >lW I ° your bocJ - v? Is our Lack <>
* agement. It is the success of l^^^K^i^^S^^^M weak and painful? Have you «jj
2 the age in elevating the condition V/ /J| % . I lost the vigor of youth? Are you «
sof men suffering from a loss off TsSf, : . '&"■'&*. ' 3 t>i • t/~ -> tt ' '
<> vitality. t 7 fSjWI^JHB RhciiniaticandGout 3 r?Have you v
| It is worn while you sleep. I W'j^% .' I VaricOCele? TIICSC arc all the I
| For six or eight hours every WjsM W\ W^rfsmsßSb result of the waste of vital force. ?
§ night it pours a steady stream I £y?^ /f^Z/'tfft^fi^^^ The gentle stream of Electricity 2
lof electricity into the nerve cen- §#||pt il- V. - | from Dr. McLaughlin's Electric £
O ter, saturating the weakened tis- jWfM Belt going into the nerves and I
0 sues and organs with its life. This hio^^^oiJM^? , , , I
lis strength. From it comes the! W" I W " ' V*^ PanS *"*" *"*> "^ 5
I vim, the energy, the fire of per- |§j^||3 i ffll^ ? V'lV 'I ' . | soon replaces all the lost energy *
¥ feet physical and mental action. BB ."\ 'A 1%! "l and makes every organ perfect. 9
$It renews the health and happi- 1 ' ' '-'"' ' 11111 U cures ermancnti >' in every |
i MjcIATJaHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT I
I dr. Mclaughlins electric belt
i • Cured HIS Pains. I II Is unllke «" othtm. It Is ■tronger, more durable, and more witlifactory to wear than X
O GRASS VALLEY Cat * ny " th<l n thod of treatment. «
A m,'.if.-iv; Nor. ». 'uJ9. - Jo« '«•! li. vltallilnt w.rnth as soon aa It touches your bodr. Put It on when you an* «
9 SI? Tour^,!, YINV 1N '"" r tr ihi" !* regulator ju 8 t a. you like the power, and It pump, a gentle ltnam of elec - =2
®- £!!' «7.^r U treatment has cur*4 trl.lty into your body while you «leep. < - :- - rj
I : SnlH'£"!r *- sS n ' 55S ''"" ™'"' °" ""'" *""" * '"""" "*""'■ ■'• "° ru> """ ***" *■
* can refer to .me. "vouri. .'^r' ,r>,,v" CALL AND TEST IT TO-DAY FREE ! S om ? and let ma " how yoa how «ran.llr rape- X
9 CHniS. TKNI.Y. NNH while on your bodT You car, 2r^ L rlor ti l '« and how easlly It can be made mild or Z
I ~ — ! — — - — ■ in * a ••« v • " y Th,. u &k 2^^w&&^a^s^si^ss: for frea book ttU - 2
1 tIR M A Mpl AIIPUI IM 702 Ma rket, Cor. Kearny, offke Moar.-s-.m. t0 8,33p.m. »
6 Will 111 IHi IfluLnUbfll Ml S * ' : • Burdlck Block. JFf «ynd.,^lO«ol. O
I^^w^v^ ■ • llWWIIhll! C , r Bjrlng M d S. Ma «, Le. Alf , NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES 3
EATON AND
WALTHOUR
IN FRONT
Far Ahead of All Records for
Six - Day Bicycle
Races.
Special Dl*patch to The OalL
NEW YORK, Dec. 4.— Eaton and Walt
hour, the leading' team, were forty-two
miles ahead of all six-day bicycle race
records at midnight. Their score at that
hour was 506 miles S laps. They were one
lap ahead of Miller and Waller, Glmm and
Pierce and the Maya-McEuchern teams.
Julius ar;>l Lawson withdrew from the
race shortly after 7 o'clock, leaving only
twelve teums in the contest. Fallon and
Michaels had left the track at 6 o'clock.
The former gave out first, complaining of
stiffness, and Michaels, though still
■tl >ng, decided t<> withdraw. tOO. Law
son >-ald he was oblige-1 to yutt on aro-unt
of a fyera OOtd which ha contract^
terday. lie and Julius had I'M miles and
1 lap to their CTtdlt when they withdrew,
and Kallon and Michaels had io>> miles and
3 laps.
At 11:33 o'clock Walthour retired for a
rest and his team mate. Baton t >*»k his
pluce. Baton was freata a.nd set a ter
rltic pace. I'or several laps he raced
with th<- leader* at a. two-minute gait and
finally drew away from them tor I
g his team in lirst place by that ais
tance.
This race had hardly subsided when
Fischer broke loose ana started out to lap
the bunch. A second exhibition of great
speed followed und the spectators were
wrought to a high pitch of enthusiasm.
Fischer managed to make his lap and
gained an equal place with Bchlneer and
Forster, besides making his pursuers far
ther In the rear by thai space.
The score at 12 0 clock stood:
Miles. L*ps.
Haton-Walthour 50« I
Miller-Waller CC« 7
lilrnm-l'li-ni" W« 7
Maya-AU Ktu hern VA 7
n-Krciimfr Ml 6
Fl»ch<»r-Ch*viUler M 0
Rabcock-Stlnson 0)6 0
St«"vens-Turvllle Mi 8
Schlneer-Forster W4 i
Davidnon-nonke £01 1
Thorna-Dlrkerson 457 »
Th^- I 'out* Ire 462 »
NEW YORK. Dec. 6.— The score at 2 o'clock
was: . * -" .
Mil Laps.
Eaton-Walthour JO 2
Miller-Waller 640 1
Olmm-Plerce 54-1 1
Maya-McKarhern MO 1
Aron*on-Krcamer ...". 539 9
Flshrr-Chevall^r 539 5
Dabcock-Sfinson ."3» 4
Steverm-Turvllle 639 2
£chlne^r-Fomter 12\ ' 0
Thoma-I" US 3
Davldnon-nnake MS 2
The-I'astair* 430 6
COMPLIMENTS THE MIDDIES.
Secretary Long's Views on the Recent
Football Game.
WASHINGTON. Dec, 4. — Secretary-
Long's opinion of the football gas. be
tween the Annapolis ami West Point ca
dets at Philadelphia Saturday ls« embodied
In a personal letter which he to-day ad
dressed to Rear Admiral F. V MeNalr.
superintendent of the Naval Academy,
and In which he adds:
"I hope you will say for me to the foot
ball team that while they did not win.
they made a gallant tight, and tha,t it
was especially gratifying to the depart
ment that, certainly so far .1- my ob
servation went and bo far as I have heard
from others, nothing could have been
manlier or handsomer or In better spirit
than the way In which the two team*
made their fight, and that th« absence of
any brutal, unbecoming or ungentlemanly
conduct was especially noteworthy.
"Tell them that the department docs
not forget that they are Just as brave.
Just an manly, just as faithful to their
duty, and have given Just the same as
surance that In whatever emergency they
are placed they will do everything In their
power as If they had won the game on
Saturday."
"Colonels" Are Now for Sale.
LOUISVILLE, Ky D... -At a meet-
Ins of the Louisville Baseball Club It was
voted to Fell the "Colonels," If a satisfac
tory price could be obtained, and three
members of the club will attend the com-
InK league meeting In New York with
this purpose in view. The club lost
money lain season. It la reported that
President Dreyfuai ha« purchased a con
trolling interest in the Pi Us burg Club.
O'BRIEN AND
ERNE FIGHT
TO A DRAW
Both Men Covered Wi'h
Blood at the Close of
Their Combat.
Special Dispatch to Th.
NEW YORK, Dec. 4.— Frank Erne of
Buffalo and Jack O'Brien of N'.-w fork
fought twenty-five rounds at 133 pound*
at the Coney Island Snorting Club ti>
night, and at the end the refer»-«e. tkorgu
Slier of Chicago, declared the bout a
draw. This decision was fair and Just,
but It did not satisfy a number of persons
who had picked a favorite.
O Brlen forced the fighting, but Erne's
work was of a cleaner and mort Bclentltlc
character. O'Brien's blows ft-II with a
force that was not behind Erne's. It was
the old en!" 1 of a clean boxer against a
hurricane tighter. Of the two O' Brim's
face bore the worse mark*. Both his eyes
were bndly damaged, und his muuth and
nose were puffed up. Erne's left eye wm
»ma.«hrd. but this will not hurt htm half
as much as the punishment he received on
the body during the mill. O'Brien Invari
ably got In piledrivlng blows on tho stom
ach, ribs and kidneys, and the frequent
visitations of his fists left red wvlu on
the Buffalo man's body.
O'Brltn was an even-money favorite
about the fifteenth round, while beforo
the tight began I'M to 7u was laid against
him. During the fight O'Brien scored
three knockdowns, while none was record
ed against him.
Both ni- were In fine condition, but it
is Just possible that Erne was drawn a
bit line to get down to the limit. A* tha
mill drew to a close so eager was each of
the contestants for a /avorable decision
that they fought like furies. Erne 1.a. . .
the call on points, possibly, and O'Brtr.i
Inflicting the worst punishment. The f.nal
round whs furious, blows coming thick
and fast. They hugged each other and
punched in the clinches. They wrestled
and pulled and dragged each other la
their efforts for supremacy, and a de
scription of the blows would be Impossible.
Both were covered, with blood, but
O'Brien's face was the worst- looklrm,
both eyes being bunged up and his moutti
badly puffed.
When the gong finished the bout neither
man heard it. and the house was In an
uproar. There were cries of "Erne!
Erne!" and "O'Brien wins!" from th
partisans, of the men, while the moro
level-headed said a draw would be a Just
decision. As soon as the noise had abated
somewhat the master of ceremonies an
nounced that the referee had declared tha
bout a draw. •
DIED IN A STREETCAB.
Sudden Demise of Edward J. Haas
While on His Way to His
Home Last Night.
Edward J. Haas, who had been connect
ed with the Capitol Flour Mill* for tho
past sixteen years, died In one of the Cas
tro-street enrs last night at 6:30 o'clock
while on his way to his home at B Eu
reka street.
The deceased had boarded the car on
Market street after quitting his days
work, and rode to Twentieth street, his
accustomed place for getting oft. Having
been a regular passenger on the Castro
street line, he was well known to all th*
conductors of that line, and when the car
approached hl» destination the conductor
noticed that he had not moved from hla
seat. He was approached by this official,
who had thought that Haas had fallen
asleep. On attempting to uwake him It
was found that he was dead. The car ran
on to the .-nd of the line at Twenty-fifth
street, where the deceased was removed
to the carhouse. and ht.< widow was at
once notified. She hastened to the place
and was given hi- effects. In the mean
time Police Officer George Farrell cam»
upon the scene and remained with tho
body, and at the same time notified tho
Coroner's office. Deputies I«acombe ami
Smith went after the remains with the
Morgue wagon. On their arrival a further
search of the dead man's clothing was
had. when It was found that his watch
was ml.'sing. The watchchnln which wm
supposed to be attached to the watch van
In place on the vest, but there was no
watch to bo found. As, according to th-»
statement of Mrs. Haas, her husband had
carried a watch, what became of th*>
timepiece remains a mystery. The body
whs removed to the Morgue pending nn
Inquest. Heart disease Is supposed to da
the cause of death, as the deceased ha<l
b**»n suffering with neuralgia for somo
time past.
The teml^mv in nrltl-h clrlew 1<« to lower
t milking mwnlcpal ;
Irin a tourca "f profitADVERTISEMENTS.
PEERLESS
OIL COMPANY
DFFERB EXCELLENT INDUCEMENTS TO
INVESTORS OF SMALL MEANS.
Jfe"
HERN RIVER DISTRICT,
Four mile, north • m Ilakerrfield.
ALREADY THERE ARE
TWELVE IMPORTANT WELL 9
In our Immediate vicinity, and there are.
*o Di»r MOLES IN THE DISTRICT.
Pecrten Well No. l \
fS DOWN IGO FEET.
And without dnuht we, will strtlie the oil be-
ri re re&rhtnc the dr;>th of S5O fe<>t.
W« have not yet advanced our price above
ONE DOLLAR PER SHARE.
CALL Ton I'UOSPECTUS. MAP AND RE-
PORTS.
inRE<"TORS AND OFFICERS:
JOHN M. WHISHT. l»reKlder.t.
Hen. JACOB H. NEFF. \nce President.
H. C. PARK. Perretary.
Hon. JAMHS «. MAOUIRE, Director.
R. W. HART. Director.
OFFICE. ROOM 4T. EIGHTH FLOOR. MILI^
miMUNG. SAN FRANCISCO.
_____
' At Auction.
TUESDAY,
TUESDAY DECEMBER 12. 1593
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON.
Our Salesroom. 635 Market Street
TATLOR-BT. INVESTMENT.
Vfest Fi.Jr T«>!«ir »t. (No*. 2011 to 2027) f!t
»orth FKUrt; € r.ntu of J. 4. 6 rooms and bath;
rents Jici j.rr month; lot 4Jx!«j.
KORKCLnsfRE SALE.
BE. »!.!e (Na IT> Tchama »t. t ■■• 9 SE. First;
lerc brick liou»«» of <t rooms and rear house-
rc.-.ls !?■<>. lot
WESTERN ADDITION FI.AT3.
N« nil ilda Qrora «t. «"No». 542 to HZ) l? 26
w»»t Franklin: •.. fnta r.f ( nnd • rooms and
lath anJ l>u»em<-nt :l»t; actual rent. JlOu iO; lot
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
,. Nr "' | t > , «Ni>. :c> Mint iivt... throurh to
<No. 4JU htcvmnon st. ; half block from Bald-
win IKitcl Utc; 3-*torj- JiulMlnK Mint are. and
cm.-ir. st'-vi-nxon i-t.: rcntu |fiL: lot 15x75.
TWENTIETHiST. INVESTMENT.
North Fid*- (No. 4<ir.«> Twentieth Ft., Z2O feet
Mtt \oe; cotta«e of 5 rocm^; rrnts $10; lot
FORECLOSURE PALE.
North rid* <No. 1S40) C!ay *t.. i(*:J east Wal-
nut; larre n«-w niiidern residence «if 12 rooms
Lath, billiard room, etc.; lot :7:Cxir7.
RICHMOND LOT.
Ea« Hide Beoood aye.. 200 feet north Point
Ix>boF a\«-.; lot Slsiro.
W-ESTERN ADDITION BUSINESS CORNER.
«^ n - ."■" or - *"» pv i"*dero and Uush fis.; lot IOOx
»-:«; eli-ear.t lot; in the mld«t of buflners.
CORNER RESIDENCE.
FE cor. GS*. W7) Sanch-x and Twenty-first
BUji through to mil «.; larjre house of & rooms
utii rear Imuw 4 ro-amn; eultab!* for sunl-
tarlußt; lot lui.ioxsrs.
MISSION BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Wrrt Fide (No. J^'s» Mbwtoa «t.. M feet nouth
r.r.x.V. and MJ San Jo*e aye.; More on Mission
»« . ri.tlaite on San Jime aye.; lot 2"!xlS3:».
WEST END HOMESTIi ASSOCIATION LOT.
South lln^ inoonty road. 2.'< feot ea^t of Oliver
KU; let «xl»7.
EASTON. ELI>niI>OE * CO..
CSS Market iitreeL
RI'SINFSS Ml S *"** Jo « Poheims {
!M *'• L > ) J ««1-I1 tuits t*caui.e they I
'.—■l ►•) comfcrtaMe In th»rn owlnjt to •
lh* f*-rf«-ct flt. The style and material are I
always correct, too. Joe Pohelm makes
tf..- t«-« tult^ and charveg 25 i>er cent leas
'.han fther talli.ru. Remember this wh*n
you v ..:.( a suit.
ill M
lll't 1112 Market Kill Wathtortoa
i rtrert. «.. Oakland.
201 iron MoWfomerf 14 : South ■ line
; »' San Kranrisco. rt.. Los Angeles.
ALL AILMENTS OF MEN CURED, 5
J^ '^**^ *r — ' ~f~~~~
I>n. MKTnUP & CO. have the largest prae- 1
t:r« i»nd »»•« equipped medical institution fl
on the Taclflc Coa»t. Bfttabllshed IT years. H
I'KIVATK IXW>K and advice free ut office H
or hy mall. All letters eonfldentt.il. vf
17311 731 Market St., San Francisco. I
MAKE PERFECT MEN
DO >OT Dn»PAIII : t>onotS«f
feT«d»ij. frLorgerl ZLI jov f «nd »m(.ltlon« cf
ra/ 'Sk-'il "'• <iin tf r^ton-d to you. lii* »*ry
ffly iSzi worstc«!esof.»t-roii» Debility «r»
aDO >OT <ui.<l by l*Kltr'i:cTO
. -L. j , »i,j »ml:iioji« fc r
Hi 1.. »uu li,» »*ry
' NfriniillrMlllrrr
tV.4 jrrftfta. TA HI.CTf«. Olrepromrlrt-llef tola-
\»^? "^/ij'f ►o:nni« ifcilirsr mrniorj tnd tbtw«n»
»'^vv^ /'•■*'* Lr -' i drain of vital powers. Incurred by
* U "/iw* !tidi»cretlonsorerces#eiiorearlx yea is.
** rl Xm;.«rt t ißor and |>otency to '■j func-
tion. Orace optb* »j»tem. (""'/y»w( ""'/y»w bloom to tbt
cheeks and lustra to tba ,v« of t^r^k\ young or old.
f'nf> b<n renews rita I •*■■ {WJLIJB bot«« at
(2. to. complete guaranteed cure TifjAy or money rc-
fundrd. Can b» carried 11.1 1. < '•■■ > ««l*' pocket, told
everywhere. or m«>l In I l»lr wrapper on receipt o{
prlc* 1 y THK 1 LKt UIU CO., Cm.. »<of.. Otlcaf*. 111.
Sold by Owl JJrmt Co.. S. F. and Oakland.
r^TT7T| AP . M Harmless
• H kO^D *' UtMa ' Efficient
I lllWtfV ; .Toilet Requisite.
TOR THE n
rnMDi.rYinK Amoves ail tkin
WUrirUkAlUn eruptions and takes the
TWO TINTS P^ce of powders.
FLB^WHiTt So!d by... dru p lstS -
DHorso ***}■ rA or tent b y mail « Post
KNICIA.CAI j Send fof free samp , 6 .
ft ft PP nntf B I Corner Fourth and
CAFE BOYAL=-fc^jg
UlllU lIUIIIU : ,c. Orcrooau and
Valises checked free.
WINTER RESORTS.
PASO ROBLES
HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
The greatest of health resorts. Cures all ills
»hen others fall. Intending visitors tsar pro-
cure special round-trip tickets, entitling them to
rrUuu of ;:• 40. Fur particular* apply to
Y. W. ELY, :ty Agent.
CM Market St.. San Francisco.
SOME ATTRACTIONS AT THt FRENNA MURDER TRIAL.
WILLIE WALSH
ACCUSES FRENNA
IN OPEN COURT
Declares He Saw Him
Draw a Pistol.
HEARD A THREAT TO KILL
SENSATIONAL TESTIMONY IN
THE MURDER TRIAL.
The specter of a pibbet haunted the
shadows of Judge Carroll Cook's court-
room yesterday during the trial of Joseph
P. Frenna for the murder of James F.
Turner. It was a trying day for the val
iant barber who is endeavoring to convince
a Jury of intelligent men that although
he was insane at the time he got behind
Turner and filled him full of lead he
was acting in self-defense. Frenna's at
torneys have already indulged in soir.e
extraordinary gymnastics in their efforts
to save their client's neck by setting up
this Joint plea of temporary Insanity and
self-defense, so that nothing they may
advance in the future should occasion
great surprise.
Willie Walsh, the much-sought messen-
tighten UM t Tur
ner's t»]a\..r, was th« lirst wiiv
the stand :n the morning, and hli
nKiiy on dlr. ■■•
: . but ha: than
the facts brought out (j.i cross-examina
tion, when the efforts of the attorneys for
the accused In attempting to show that
{h« had made conflicting statements re
garding what he saw and heard on the
fateful morning of the 29th of August
on the third floor of the Crocker building
' only resulted in creating a suspicion of a
job to coerce a \.ltnes3.
The young vagrant from San Bernar
dino looks not unlike hundreds of other
boya of the same age. who are neither
specially good nor particularly bad. H«
gave his age as 17. and his manner while
on the stand created rather a favorable
•I Impression. He told his story clearly and
unhesitatingly, and there whs no trace of
studied preparation. He had heard little
that had ■ direct bearing on the tragedy
and had seen but little, but what lit. did
see ai:d hear was very damaging to Fren
na's cause, and was told with a can
dor and positlveneea that were very con
vincing.
The boy's recital, barring one or two
Interruptions by counsel, was listened to
• with breathless interest by every one in
the courtroom. In response to questions
by District Attorney Murphy. Walsh said
that on the day of the shooting he was in
the employ of the Western Union and
American District Telcsraph companies.
About 9 a, m. he was called to the ninth
floor of the Crocker building, and after
completing his business there he started
to walk down the stairs. Just before he
reached the third floor he heard the voices
of men wrangling.
"What else did you hear?" asked Dis
trict Attorney Murphy.
'•I heard somebody say. 'You ,
I'll kill you.'
"I was about six. steps from the foot of
the stairs at that time and could not see
the men. When I got to the foot of the
stairs I saw a man with a light overcoat
pull a pi&tol."
• Where was that man standing when
you saw him pull a pistol?"
"He was standing near the corner of the
corridor where you turn to go down onto
the second floor."
"Did you see anybody else?"
"No, sir."
•'Well, you saw the man draw the pistol
From what pocket did he draw It?
"I can't exactly nay."
"In what direction did he point it?"
"Toward the north elevator."
"Well, then what did you do?"
1 When he pointed the pistol I turned
and ran upstairs. I don't know exactly
what floor It wan. I was three or four
steps from the fourth floor when I heard
the first shot fired."
" Did you come downstairs again after
the. shots were fired?"
"Yes. sir. I came down in the elevator
There was quite a crowd on the third
i floor when I got there "
"Who is the man with the light over
coat on. whom you saw draw the pistol?"
asked the District Attorney. "Ig he here
In the courtroom?"
"It seems to me that is the man sitting
over there." pointing toward Frenna.
"Kindly ask Mr. Frenna to stand up,"
said the District Attorney, addressing At
torney Barnes. As the barber arose to
his feet, Mr. Murphy continued:
"Is that the man?"
"Yes, sir That's the man."
This concluded the direct examination
of the witness, and he wan turned over
to the tender mercies of Attorney Hos
mer for cross-examination. After a few
preliminary questions, the latter asked:
♦ ♦♦♦ ♦♦$►♦ 't~*t- -•^•♦4-*4> ♦♦♦<>♦♦ >4^^*^ ■»4 > *4i4 i »»»»»»♦»♦»♦»♦»♦»-
I "DR. PIERCES ELECTRIC BELT."
♦ WORTH ITS WXIQHT . p. ,-^C^ LAME BACK CURED.
A IV GOLD. v | /^\\//\\/ / VI V July 1€ 1899.
7 ' Nov. l»th. '81 - *jL**+*C*±f ". '^{'' "H|ii/_ Pierce Electric Co.
I wJluS^^er lo T™ WO Ye I" 1 "'
♦ infunn you that lam tj&* r\\ / rtiVv^ VV 1 1 V'wA ^.V» T , ,w
4" on» of th« lucky num- E'/?l /\\ /M X I \ N // [jEffi standing. I got the
♦ ■ ber I purchased one k -^*M&^^M l cl * ht T^*" ■«".
. . of your EJectrlo B*li« IljßiDili _ij J*&Wt!ir.W^F a ? -"?i 5 " a nl S *
'- SAi^nV^ME^ *^/ ;M^34t n ° trouble ° f thiLt
" had Wiverai nervous V / mmm^fX^- 'I » Tour» very truly.
!' trouble* that had bothered me for it •**£ V*^— CE3UACO ESTRADA,
V rearK TOUR DELT IS WORTH ITS VVjr* 1'"'"1 '"' " Ophlr. Cal.
f WEIGHT IN GOLD. Respectfully. V/TV^ rrThr.usands of cures like the
V ED. T. NOE. »■'/ \ ' frireirolnn hare been made by Dr.
♦ Rio Vina, Cal. Plerce's world-renowned Electric
♦ — — Belt. It Is warranted to be the
♦ most scientific and durable body battery ever patented or sold In America. Prices much
♦ "•■ lower than other* of far Inferior quality are sold at. If you want the BEST, you must
i have "DR. PIERCES."
.:, For full particulars send a 2c rtamp for "BOOKLET NO. X" or call at the offloe.
•!■ Addrers
♦ PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
I' No «20 Market St. (opposite Palace Hotel) San Francisco. Eastern Offloe: No. ' U
4 , Tribune Bulldlnr. New York. . •
#■»-<"♦♦♦♦•♦• ••»•♦•♦♦♦♦♦♦ ♦•♦»♦» »♦♦♦♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦» ♦♦♦»♦♦ ♦♦.
jh. ,^^.j ■ : ■• ■■-•:■/■. ■«■■.• ■
.1 'color); "
HIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBEE 3, 1809.
"Didn't you tell District Attorney Daley
of San Bernardino that what you heard
that morning on the third floor of the
Crocker building was:
" 'you . Frenna, I'll kill
you' ?"
"I told him the other statement first
and he told me it would be better to put
Frenna's name in." replied the boy
quietly.
This unexpected answer caused a per
ceptible stir In the courtroom and all
eyes were bent to catch what might fol
low. Attorney Homier sought to secure
an admission that Walsh himself had
first made the statement of what he had
heard with Frenna's name Included, but
the boy strenuously denied that he had
done so. The attorney then demand** to
Know if the boy had not visited his oflV»
on September •> before he left the city and
left ■ note addressed to him reading as
follows:
"All that I seen was half the man tnnt
shot and I heard some loud talking.
That's all."
This was admitted, but it is difficult to
■«« wherein the admission Is of any ma
terial beneflt to the defense. Walsh was
finally excused and the prosecution an
nounced that the people rested. Hosmer
then consumed an hour In reading nis
opening statement to the Jury. It was a
voluminous document, and In It tne ae
fense claimed that it would prove that
Turner was a very bad man and that he
had not only swindled Frenna but that
he had threatened to kill him. this threat
having been first made as far back a*
IS!>5. Every financial transaction In whlcn
Turner and Frer.na were Jointly involve
was recounted, and the attorney for the
defense contended that Frenna had be
come so wrought up during the pastine
years In trying to secure a settlement
from Turner that his mind was affected.
•'Then you set up a defense of insanity,
do you?"' Interrupted Mr. Murphy.
"Well er y-e-s; temporary Insanity and
self-defense." replied Hosmer. hesitn:
inKly. "We will show that on the morn
ing of the killing Frenna was not in his
right mind." continued the attorney more
positively. He then proceeded to detail
what occurred In the Crocker ; bmldln*
immediately preceding the shooting from
the standpoint of the defense.
"When Frenna stepped out of the ele
vator and saw Turner, said Mr. Hos
mer •he said to him. 'What have you
done with my land?' Immediately upon
his asking this question Turner, who bad
passed him. started back. and. putting
one hand behind him. said. 'You — - — .
Frenna. I'll "how you. At these
words Frenna. who had secured a permit
to carry a revolver because of Turner s
repeated threats to kill him. drew his
pistol and fired."
F B Daley of San Bernardino, who in
the' capacity of a Deputy Sheriff, brought
Willie Walsh to San Francisco, was then
called and the boy Identified him as the ■
man at whose suggestion he had changed
his statement. inserting Frenna name,
"so it would sound better. Court then
took a recess until 2 o'clock for lunch
Charles Kaston. a butcher or. Polk
street was the first witness to take the
stand for the defense. He was followed
by Richard Wood, a grocery Charles
Snohn. a saloon-keeper, and a. triedman.
a clear dealer. Their testimony all re
fated to having seen Freiins .at about 9
o'clock on the morning of the tragedy,
before he came downtown. They all tes
tified that he appeared to be in good
spirits E*ston was particularly sure on
this Point, as he said Frenna told hi in
that he had received an addition to hie
family and "was feeling good.
The star witness of the afternoon ses
sion was former District Attorney Daley of
Berna-dino. He testified that Walsh had
made a statement in the presence of him- ,
self and Sheriff Rouse in which he had
said that Frenna's name was mentioned
in the threat heard by him just previous
to the shooting in the Crocker building
He said the boy had made the statement
under oath and signed it. but that upon
reconsideration asked that Frenna a name
be stricken out. This statement was after
ward destroyed and another with Fren
ria's name left in was prepared which
Walsh also signed. Daley admitted that
the second statement was made at tho
HUCR'-stlon of the Sheriff and himself, but
he declared positively that they had not
suggested what language the boy should
use They had simply urged him to tell
the' truth. The affidavit was put In evi
dence, no objection being made by the
prosecution. Daley denied on cross-ex
amination that he was in any way In
terested in the case, but he finally and
with evident reluctance, admitted that as
soon as he secured young Walsh's state
ment be had tried to reach both Attorney
Barnes and Attorney Hosmer over the
long-distance telephone. Not being able
to communicate with them at once by tel
ephone he had sent a telegram to H. A.
Keller, a friend' of his residing In Ban
Francisco, requesting him to see defend
ant's attorneys and inform them that he
had some good evidence In favor of the
defendant.
The only other witness examined was
Bernard Blenenfold, who has an office on
one of the upper floors of the Crocker
building. Mr. Bienenfeld testified that
Frenna was In the elevator that carried
him up on the morning of August 29 and
got oft at the third floor. A moment later
witness heard the. shots.
W. J. Andrews, the witness for whom
an attachment was Issued last wwk, waa
In court In the morning and explained
that he had been called East on urgent
business and had been unable to obey the
summons of the court. He was adjudged
guilty of contempt and ordered to appear
In court for sentence at 10 o'clock Satur
day morning.
The trial will be resumed this morning
at 10 o'clock. It Is the intention of the
defense to put Frcnna on the stand this
morning to tell his story of the shooting.
ONE DEAD FRUIT
SCALE ALARMED
THE INSPECTORS
German Officers Were
Very Strict.
CALIFORNIA PEARS REJECTED
QUEER STORY THAT TRAVELED
IN LETTERS.
A queer story has com© to this city
within the past few days in letters from
Germany addressed to exporters of Cali
fornia dried fruits. The essence is that
one little. insignificant San Jose scale,
and that one, sole representative of a do
generate clans .of Insect life, had been
considered with* sufficient seriousness to
bar a largo lot of California dried pears
out of Germany. All the letters i|ni
There was only one scale and that one
was dead. The natural supposition *»a3
| na t a dead scale would be harmless.
"No," said the stern and acute German
officials, "it will not do. Where there
is a dead scale there may also be a live
scale. True it Is that we have not dis
covered a live one nor even another dead
one, but one is enough; indeed too
many." Consequently a whole lot of
fruit, after crossing the width of one
continent and one ocean, was ordered out
of the country.
H. Schacht of J. K. Armsby has re
ceived a letter telling the fact. Mr.
Schacht says that he has heard that sev
eral lots of California dried pears have
been held up in Germany during the
present season. He had heard of only
one scale to account for this. That wae a
dead scale. Indeed. Mr. Schacht did not
pee how a live scale could get into Ger
many on a dried pear, in view of the
treatment the ntars received before they
were shipped from California. Instruc
tions were recently sent broadcast
throughout Germany from Berlin, enjoin-
Ing great care in the admission of drie-J
and green fruit alike.
"The German officials," said Mr
Schacht, "do not wish to annoy us un
necessarily, but they wish to get perfect
protection against the scale. We do th»
same thing when we throw overboard
fruit trees from Japan that are infected.
California needs a law that will provide
for an inspection so thorough that no
scale shall get out of the country. Fruit
that Is free should be entitled to have a
certificate to that effect. That, being offi
cial, ought to be accepted as prlma facie
evidence in Germany.
"Eastern men have certificates for their
apples, and those are accepted as proof
that they are all right. We tried to get
an Inspection law and It was passed but
Gage vetoed It. The matter Is serious
to the whole State. Germany promises
to be of as much value to California, un
der proper conditions, as a dried-fruit
purchaser as the whole of the Eastern
market of the United States. Our im
portations of dried fruit to Germany this
year will amount to nearly 2.000.000
pounds. The steadily Increasing popula
tion of European countries provides for
the consumption of all the fruit they can
raise In its green condition. They must
therefore, get their dried fruits .rom
abroad and largely from California "
A. W. Porter of Porter Brothers had
also received a letter about that one dead
scale and the effect that its discovery
had upon California dried fruits then in
Germany. He said that It would be Im
possible to Identify the lot that was con
demned. The goods were exported from
New York to Germany and to other Eu
ropean points in large quantities, es
pecially to Hamburg and Havre. He hud
not heard that any fault had been found
with California prunes. About one-tenth
of all the prunes exported from California
have gone to Germany this season
J. F. Ullrich, who has large dealings
with Germany in the California fruit line
said that he had heard of two lots of
pears that had been rejected. As soon as
an inspector discovered one scale even if
that was a dead one. he would hold up
the entire lot In which the solitary scale
was found. The German inspectors
claimed that if there was one dead scale
there might be one live one. The care
that the German authorities had exerted
during the past season was greater than ;
they ever had displayed before. Mr . Ull
rich had already received two letters
There have been seizures in Berlin and In
Hamburg. None having been made In
Bremen. Inquiries have been sent to that
place on tho suspicion entertained by the
German officials that the inspection had
grown slack at that place. Hereafter ho
Mr. Ullrich said, the California producers
might count upon having a very sharp in
spection at all German points. There had
been very few. rejections of California
dried fruits this year. But the rejection
of a lot for one dead scale was indica
tive. •
Will Send a Choice Selection.
The California Camera Club la prepar
ing an unusually select set of slides to
■end throughout the country as Its quota
to the interchange club system Last
evening a committee met at the camera
club's room* In the Academy cf Sclfnc»s
building and pasßed upon about 100 slid™
selecting sixty-seven. The selections a.c I
made on account of artlatlc effeot as well
H because of the suitability of th© sub
jects.
The tlldas Include scenes of the Piclflc
Coast aa far apart as the gr#>at Tre*id
well mine In Alaska to choice bits of
Mexico.
LOCAL BELLE
IN NEW YORK
ON THE STAGE
Gertie Lewis Joins the
Lyceum Company.
SHINES IN A THINKING PART
IS A GRANDDAUGHTER OF A
PHILANTHROPIST.
•
Stunning Figure nnd Pretty Face
Capture the Manager, Who Signs
Her Without Investigating
Her Ability.
There has been a-buzzing and a-hum
ming over the teascups in local swell Jew
lsh circles ami all sorts of reasons have
been advanced to account for Miss Ger
trude Lewis' desertion of the ballroom
for the stage.
On Monday evening last the local belle
made her debut with Frohraan's Lyceum
company at Daly's Theater, New York,
playing a small "thinking" part in the
latest English Importation, "The Ma
neuvers of Jane." On the programme Is
the comforting Information that Miss
Lewis Is playing the part of Miss Bow
ater. The newspapers reproduced the
programme In their respective critic's re
view of the play, and that Is all the no
tice that the metropolis has taken of the
local belle.
Friends of Miss Lewis who were fortu
nate enough to witness the opening of the
Lyceum Company say her part is insig
nificant, but that the debutante looked
lovely and that her gowns were stunning.
Miss Lewis Is the daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. William Lewis and granddaughter
of the well known and greatly loved
philanthropist, W. S. Levy, president of
the Associated Charities and of the He
brew Orphan Asylum.
As far as the knowledge of Miss Lewis'
friends go her determination to adopt the
stage was both sudden and unexpected.
No preliminary studies were Indulged In
and none of the usual preparations made.
The gossips have fitted round her debut
a pretty tale 'in which Miss Lewis has
rather more to say than in the play in
which she is assisting. In It a lieutenant
of the United States Volunteers makes a
taking hero. There is a stern papa and
indulgent mamma and the sweet heroine
herself. The strong scene of the touch-
Ing romance In real life is reached wh**n
the heroine says if she cannot wed the
lieutenant she will go on the stage, and
the parents, choosing the lesser evil, out
fit the beautiful, headstrong daughter for
a life behind the footlights.
Miss Lewis' people declare that the only
truth In all the tale is the outfit. The
beautiful girl took with her to New York
the most exquisite gowns the local work
shops could turn out, and. arrayed in all
her splendor and accompanied by her
papa, she called upon the great New York
manager.
Frohman saw the California beauty and
for a moment he was stunned. "I want to
go on the stage," she Bald, and when the
manager got his breath back he grabbed
a contract blank and handed Miss Lewis
a pen. "Sign, " he said; "you're a mem
ber of the Lyceum Company."
Miss Lewis has written to her family in
this city of her easy entree In the dra
matic world and her determination to
win for herself, by hard work, a place
of honor in the life behind the footlights.
COLORED SOLDIERS
NOT ABOVE THE LAW
SUSPECTED OF TAMPERING
WITH A WITNESS.
Preliminary Examination of Andrew
Jackson for Shooting at Two
Policemen Commenced.
The preliminary examination of Andrew
Jackson, the colored member of Company
K. Forty-ninth Infantry, charged with
assault to murder in shooting three tlrnns
at Policemen Stanton and Alexander, last
Thursday night, near the Presidio, uaa
commenced before Judge Conlan yest»r
day.
The principal witness for the prosecu
tion. Daniel Jackson, who was with the
defendant at the time of th? shooting.
was In th.' City Hall corridor tefor<* ih<?
case wan colled, but when he was wanted
•|fy ho could not be found. Tho
men told the Judge that they h.ul
seen Captain Blunt of Comuany X ui:d
Attorney Curtis talking to the witness in
the corridor, and the Judge became angiy
and ordered Captain Blunt to ..ake the
stand. The captain denied that he had
t<>:.l the witness to ke< % p away. He a. id
asked him why he did not report at
reveille and ordered him at once to go
to the Presidio and report at quarter*.
"Did you not know? asked the Jmlce.
"that he was regularly subpenaed to ap
pear here?"
The captain replied that no papers weie
perved on him at the barracks, and the
Ju<lge retorted: "I want you to under
stand that the soldiers at the Presidio are
under the Jurisdiction of the courts, and
if I learn that anybody, officer or private.
Is interfering with the administration or
Justice I Bhall punish him severely."
Attorney Curtis was also called to the
Btand and Fhlfted the repsonslblllty upon
the captain.
Corporal Morris testified that the de
fendant had told him Friday that he had
a shooting scrape the previous night.
Then Policemen Alexander and Stanton
testified as to the shooting, and positively
identified the defendant as the man.
The case was continued till Thursday,
and the Judge Issued a bench wa.-rant
for Daniel Jackson'B arrest, fixing .its
bonds at $1000.
Daniel Jackson was taken Into custody
last night. The prisoner positively identi
fies his namesake a* being the soldier
who fired his Krng-Jorgenson at the po
liceman. He stat.»<i that he was in court
yesterday morning, in obedience to a sub
pena. but was ordered to return to the
Presidio by Captain Blount. Dan Jackson
has no love for Andrew Jackson, and it
perfectly willing to testify against him.
TIMBER-CUTTERS MULCTED.
Aselstant United States Attorney Mar
shal, B. Woodworth was in high glee yes
terday over a judgment obtained by him
in the United States Circuit Court on be
half of the United States against A, I.
Anderson and Charles W. Berry of Las
sen County. The defendants are lumber
men operating a sawmill In that county.
They were charged some time ago with
cutting Umber on Government land. Suit
was brought against them for $6000 dam
ages, and while the suit was pending
Judge Morrow Issued an injunction re
straining them from proceeding with the
cutting. They paid no attention to the in
junction, and the amount of damages sued
for was increased to $11,553 42. For this
sum a Judgment was given In favor of the
Government yesterday In the United
States Circuit Court.
MORE SMUGGLING.
Quartermaster, of the Curacao Seized
With the Contraband Cigars
and Arrested.
The Curacao, plying between this city
and Mexican ports, furnished Its usual
monthly Item for the newspapers and cus
toms officials yesterday, when Customs
Inspector E. E. Eulow caught Quarter
master John Benson coming down the
gangplank looking much fatter than usual
for this time of the year. Benson wa»
searched, and inside his clothing were
found 202 Mexican cigars.
Ho was arrested for smuggling and will
be given the full limit of the law. On al
most every trip to this . city smuggled
cigars are pelted and confiscated, the only
exceptions being when the crew are nick
and unable to pack the cigars on board.
■ ♦ »
Yesterday's- Insolvents.
Noel H. Jack of San Joaquin County,
$163175.. no assets; Jam?s H. Babcock, San
Francisco. $12*7. no assets.
» ♦ ■
Ladles' tailor-made ■ulta. fur capes, cloaks,
Credit. M. Rothschild. 334 Port St. •
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
RUBENS' MOST FAMOUS PUPIL.
Copyright, 1899, by Seymour Eaton.
THE WORLD'S GREAT ARTISTS.
Contributors to this course: Dr. John C. Van Dyke. Dr. Russell Store!*. Dr. A. &
Frothlngharn Jr., Arthur Hoeber. Frank Fowler and other*.
VII. SIR ANTHONY VAN DYCX.
BY ARTHUR HOEKKK.
The history of art presents no more ro
mantic or attractive figure than that of
Sir Anthony Van Dyck, the (feat Flem
ish painter, who In a life of only foity
two years managed to accomplish the
work of several ordinary careers, and
who, with all the enormous amount of la
bor entailed In his work, yet found time
to enjoy most of this world's pleasures,
to live en prince and to spend money with
as lavish a hand as the greatest noble In
the land, to have the patron:'.?" of roy
alty and of the nobility, and to leave be
hind him at his death a reputation that
has Increased with time, until to-day Mi
name Is a synonym for all that is mag
nificent in the art of portrait painting.
Such, however, Is the story of thH w in
derful genius, who at 10 aad already he
come proflcifnt in the rudiments of hla
profession, end who at 15 wm helping his
SIR ANTHONY VAN DYCK.
master, the great Ruben*, on his impor
tant commissions, and at IS was made
a full-fledged member of tho Guild of Bt.
Luke, the great society for the encour
agement of the fine arts In Flanders Ni
ture Is sometimes \> ry luvlsh In bestuw-
Jng on her favorites nearly all the glfis
she has to offer, and Van Dyrk came 'n
for her special providlr.?. Th
that come to the average patrter w«re
never his. He wax born «>f proepi
parents .md was one of twelve children
of a successful merchant In silks ard
woolens in Antwerp. He came Into ".tie
world on March 22, 1" f <9. 1 h*> «
burgher, his father, saw very MOB that
he had a remarkable son. am! he took all
possible pains to hay«- him properly edu
cated. His mother, too. was of a m<>*t
artistic temperament and gave str
tentlon 10 the training of the lad 1..-
fortunately. however, she died wh<>a be
was only 8 years of age, and the
his father had charge of him. He km
sent to the studio of a historical painter
at the age of 10, being then an excellent
draughtsman, with some <-xperience m
color, and with this man, llendrik Van
Baler. . he remained for five y.
It is hardly necessary to say that he
surpassed all the other stiidcilts Imme
diately; when he was between 15 and 18
years of ape his work attract***! the a»
tentlon of Ruben*, who was thrn the
great painter of his epoch, as he rerriirr.*
to-day one of th* greatest of all tlm«, and
he entered his studio. Here again he took
first place, and how he progressed the
following anecdote will perhaps show:
Rubens was In the habit each day. after
his morning's work was done, of tnkin<
a long ride In the country, and while he
was away the key to his studio was in
trusted to an old keeper. The StttAsfcta,
desirous of seeing the master's work !n
an Incomplete state that they mU'it
study his methods, occasionally preva.i-d
upon the custodian to let them In during
the absence of Rubens. On one occi
sion several of them were thus surrep
titiously permitted to enter, and amon*
the party was young Van Dyck. Some
skylarking ensued, and by accident one
of the students brushed against a newly
painted canvas on which the colors w~re
still wet. The action completely wlf .i
away the throat and chin of the figure.
Everybody was aghast, for It meant thut
their escapade would be discovered. io
say nothing of the master's anger when
he should ac« hie work destroyed. la
despair one of the pupils suggested that
as there were still some hours of dav
llght left they should ende-ivor to repair
damages, and he named Van Dyck as the
one to undertake the Job. By night An
thony had restored the canvas to its
original condition, and so faithfully had
he done his work that when Rubens re
turned he remarked that he had not rv
allzed how well he had painted the throat
and chin. Later, however, he discovered
the cheat, but he was so delighted with
the dexterity of the young man that he
forgave the rest and paid even greater at
tention than ever to his remarkable pu;>!l.
The admission of Van Dyck, before he
was 19. Into the Guild of St. Luke was
unprecedented. He at once branched out
for himself, painting portraits and taking
now and then a religious commission. One
of his pictures about this time Is "Christ
Bearing the Cross," which may be seen In
the Church of the Dominicans at
Antwerp- Again he was called upon
to assist Rubens in some of his
decorations for church work, and
through his master he met the distin
guished patron of the tine arts, an Eng
lishman, the Earl of Arundel. by whom It
Is supposed he was Induced soon to make
a trip to London, although he was urged
by his master to go to Italy for a course
of study of the masters there. The Eng
lish visit was of short duration, and he
soon started for home, after painting pos
sibly a portrait of the King, although this
Is by no means certain. However, he
went away and stopped at the Invitation
of Frederick of Nassau, Prince of Orange,
in Holland. On one occasion at Haarlem
be dropped in to see Franz Hula, announc
ing himself as a wealthy patron of the
arts. As usual, Hals was at the tavern,
but he returned post haste on heating of a
distinguished visitor. Van Dyck repre
sented that he had only two hours to
spare and asked to have his portrait
painted. This was done by the gr«*al
Dutchman In his most approved manner
Then Van Dyck proposed that he should
try the work. To this Hals wonderlngly
consented, and was amazed to set th«
stranger handle hl» materials In so m.i -
terly a manner, for the nlleged painter
did the work even more rapidly than had
Hals. 'The man who can do that." said
the Dutchman, "must either be the devil —
or Van Dye It r
The Illness of the artist's father re
called him to Antwerp, when he arrived
In time to receive his blessing and to
promise him to paint a picture for tho
chapel of the Dominican Sisters, who had
attended the elder through his sickness.
In seven years the promise was fulfilled,
resulting In the great "Crucifixion." which
now belong!* to the Academy of Antwerp.
The father dead, the Journey to Italy was
resolved upon, but the painter did not Ret
farther than the little town of Bavcnthem,
near Brussels, where he lingered some
time. Some claim that a romance kept
Van Dyck here and that the woman In th«
case was Anna Van Ophem. who occupied
the curious position at court of mlstres*
of the Infanta Isabella's hounds Van
Dyck was by no means above the dictate*
of love and pave ample evidence of the
frailty of human nature when It came to
a question of the fair sex. It Is said that
he painted the Archduchess' hounds here,
He certainly did a couple of composition:!
for the parish church. Possibly he amuse<l
himself with the above-mentioned fair
lady. It was like him to seek consolation
with beauty and youth.
TheM> two parish church pictures, how
ever, have quite a history. There wer^
several efforts made
to steal them, to
purchase them or to
obtain them at all
hazards. They were
taken by the
French, but return
ed by th" victorious
allies In 1815. and It
Is said that an
American once brib
ed a sane of thle-res
to pot them for him.
but they were nn
rucco a a ful. Van
Dyck finally scot to
Venice, where he
lived the pace and
ran ahort of fun**
very quick! He
was naturally *
spend thrift and
careless about com
missions: what with
dally visits to the
galleries and plung
ing Into social gay
etles he had little
time for original
and re m uneratlvo
work. To his credit,
however. It should
be said that he hnd
studied with great
ser! ou» nc s .•• the
works of the mas
ters. The necessity
for ready cash be
coming pressing, ha
betook hlrnseli to
Genoa, where he re
membered that
some years pre
viously his master
Rubens had been
cordially received.
Once there he found
to hi* delight that
his reputation had
preceded him. The
Genoese evidently
appreciated go o v
work, for commissions poured In from th«
lirst and richest people of the city. It was
with difficulty that he found time to ac
commodate all his would-be patrons, and
his work to-day remains the pride of the
galleries In Genoa. Among the more Im
portant things he painted here are the
two famous portraits on horseback of
Antonio Glullo Brignole and Giovanni
Paolo MalM: Hplnola in white armor; Pal
lavldno In his robes of otllce as Embaa
sador at the papal court, and. best of all,
the Marchioness of Durazzo and her two
daughters. Ho also painted a few classi
cal and nacrrd pictures.
From Gtnoa he w«>nt to Rome: this was
In 1623, and he stayed there nearly two
years. For a while he was the guest of
the great historian and diplomatist. Car
i dinal Bentlvogllo, who had once been
papal nuncio at the court of Brussels, ami
who was a great patron of the Dutch ar
tists. Van Dyck painted hi portrait,
which hangs In the Plttl Palace at Flor
ence, and is a masterpiece. Other mem
bers of noble families sat to him, and his
purse was soon full to overflowing. As
ever the man of elegance and fashion.
Van Dyck cut a swath here In a social
I way and attracted much attention, even
, among the reckless Roman society. From
i Italy the painter went In a sailing vessel
to .sjciiy. where again he met with a flat
tering reception and found a number of
sitters among the great people there, but
1 In the midst of his enjoyment of this visit
a plague broke out and Van Dyck went
back to Genoa, and so on to Antwerp,
where he arrived about the end of 1428.
Although he returned laden with hon
ors after a most successful trip, he found
In his absence he had been supplanted by
others. First of all. the fame of Rubens
was so great and so overpowering as to
make that master stand quite alone, the
peer of any of the men In the country;
and among the great patrons It seemed
to be either Rubens or nobobdy. Tho
other painters. Irrespective of their mer
its", were apparently grouped In a class
by themselves, and although Van Dyck
was a master, his talents were lost sight
of In the terrific vogue enjoyed by his
teacher. For a while he was put to it to
know what to do; no patrons came his
way, rave perhaps one or two s' vulgar
and purseproud that Van Dyck declined
to consider their commissions. It was
Rubens who came to his relief, first of all
by purchasing liberally of his pictures
and secondly by taking his departure on
a diplomatic mission to the courts of
Madrid and London, thus leaving th«»
field to Van Dyck, easily the next beat
, painter of the time.
Not«— This paper will be concluded on
Tuen< iv npxt.
COUBSES OF INSTRUCTION.
Autumn-Winter Term, 1809-1900.
MONDAYS and THURSDAYS;
Popular Studies in Shakespeare.
TUESDAYS: The World's Great
Artists.
WEDNESDAYS: Desk Studies for
Girls and Shop and Trade Studies for
Boys.
FRIDAYS: Great American States
men.
SATURDAYS: Home Science and
Household Economy.
These courses will continue until
February 15, 1900.
Examinations will be held at their
close as a basis for the granting *4
certificates.
Messengers to EntertahL
The Stanford Social Club, which Ik an
organization composed entirely of West*
crn Union Telegraph' messenßcrs, will
give Its second annual entertainment ami
dance at Union-square Hall, on Wednes
day evening, December 20. Some of the
beat known local talent has volunteered
Its services and no pains will be spared to
make the occasion a memorable one.
Leslie Marble will be seen In character
impersonations and Louis Barney, cham
pion cakewalker of the Pacific Coast, will
show the audience something new in
steps. The officers of the club are: W. 7.
Sebello. president: Leonl Frankhart.
treasurer: Harry Branden, secretary.
■ ♦ ■
In the Divorce Court.
Margaret Sullivan has been granted a
divorce from John F. Sullivan on the
ground of willful neglect. Del ma Knell
has sued Harry Knell for a divorce, al
leging desertion as cause of action. Kath
erine Cox asks for a divorce from Oliver
F. Cox on the ground of failure to pro
vide.
■ m ■
On all th« Pullman cars Jhn Moor* "AX"
whiskey la to be had.
■ » ■
Welburns Third Trial.
The third trial of n. M. Ufllturn. ex-
Internal Revenue CMIMtaC at this port,
for returning false vouchers, etc.. to th«
Government, was begun In the I
States District Court yesterday. It Is ex
pected that the Jury will Us Impaneled to
day.
910
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
• Another advance in Quicksilver.
Slight improvement m Wheat. Barley still dull.
Oats, Corn and Rye quiet.
Hay and Feedstuff weak, but no lower.
No further change in Beans.
Lumber rather quieter, as usual at this season.
Good demand for Canned Goods in London.
Potatoes and Vegetables about the same.
Butter and Cheese unchanged. Eggs continue to decline.
Lower quotations for Apples and Oranges.
Grapes neglected, owing to the cold weather.
Dried Fruits open the zveek dull.
Provisions as previously quoted.
Large Hogs weak and small Hogs firm and scarce.
Linseed Oil marked up.
Charters.
Th« Glenflooa lea is wheat at Ticomi for
Europe, << ».
The O. M. K'llccc loads lumber at Taccia\
(or Kabul ul.
Canned Goods in England.
California fruits on the spot are In very
rrr.r. 11 compass, says the 1..!.i1.-n Grocers' <^a
*ette, and resales are constantly belne made
cf supplies now on the way ut continually
hardenstiK rates, pears especially l»»lnir dearer
and raost Inquired for. Although there In no
excitement In salmon there are at the present
moment more buyer* than sellers for forward
delivery- The market Is distinctly firm and
a #■'!-.> r.e market with a c»d demand 1s looked
(or at the beginning of the year.
The La Trade.
The Pacific Coast Wood *nd Iron says:
"The lumber trade on the Pacific Cosst 1»
fiull during the month of November and the |
Jaft thirty days liave Ix-en no different. Of
course, us commensurate- with the business
transacted In ]•>*•• this November just closed ,
ha* witnessed a lurser amount of activity
than In IKSS. The prevalence cf heavy *eas
and wind* has prevented the usual number
if deliveries beeaube of the practical Inability
to load In the unprotected *eacoa*t shipping
j>olnts. With alt this, however, the pine and
redwood lumber burners on this western coast
is In a most healthy normal ccnJitton ii nd a
jrreat. (reneral prosperity Is ccr.fld*ntly looked
forward to and expected next |ntT.
"In the southern parts of California the long
expected rain* have added ze*t to all lines
of commercial activity and the lumber busl
riei* ;* in the front rank «>f pracren and Rood
tiroes. The ref»lpt» at lumber at all the jiorts
south of han Krancisco have been txceptlanally
heavy conrlderlnr the rough weather. while
the urban and suburban demands are In keep
ing with the reirlpts. At San Pedro alone six
teen vessels dl*ohurßed lumber carets from
the ISth to the :i*t. wlih a total number of
feet exceeding 8.000.000, carrying al*o a larse
number of lath, poles «nd ihlnKl'x. At San
I»leco and other s luthern coast delivery points
the name condition* have been prevalent, so
that the trade ponMhllltlo* are most encourag
ing alone the lunjl»*r lines.
"In the mountain t!rnb.-r districts the heavy
fall of snow has r.ecpurltated on earlier cessa- ■
tion of operations than lan yur and many ,
orders remain i>n the books of the various
companies to be filled In the F;irlnr.
••f^an Francisco 1s ltf>elf nther quiet and
th* w holers 1#» and retail interests are peem-
Inrly awaiting the »prlr.)r revival of bui«ln»"Fs. I
The rains all over the State tre certain to I
»ff»-ct this city, fo a Rood year ii before the
XEinufacturera and dealer*."
Weather Report.
CTMh MerlClan— l^aclfl-5 Time.)
pan ntAiccu Dec. 4-5 p. m.
The fcllowlnc are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with thoM oj same date
last'eeasoa. and rainfall In la« twenty-four
LAst U This I -ait
Ftatlone— hours, reason, seation.
r-ureka . o.«< »«< *•»
ned Bluff o:* <:J J«
Pacsamento Trac« «.10 1.61
Fan Francisco Trace 7.T1 2.Z%
]-i WI i P°o ' & i.*i
Indtpenflence ©.«>« O.M 0.41
Fan Luis fiblxpo 0.09 »-^3 ttC7
Ix>s Argelrs •.©» J.« P.lB
Fan Piego d.W I.S C.CJ
YliM 0.00 CIS 0.13
fnn rrancl^ro data: Maximum rature.
H derrees; minimum, it; mean, to.
WEATHER CO.VI»ITIONR AND GEXEKAL
FORECAST.
77ie pressure hns fallen f lr.wly alon? the roast
©f Northern Cfclllornla and orejfin. A etcrm
of mf>derat» »n« rtry 1* ji.irslnj: over Vancouver,
end will probably rv ea«t thr.,ujsh Ilritish Co
lumbia, Alt>erta and >•''• '>•'■ -!."\v;i'i. Rain has
clready fiiJl^n over the I'aclflc Coaet north of
the 40th paraHel.
The tempf rature has remained nearly statlon
ary west of the Hocky Mountains. In th* great
valle>-» of California the t»mp^ratu!t< ure from
t to JO riepreei blow th^ normal. A maximum
•wind velocity at 40 irllrs per hour from the
cart Is n-purted ct F.-rt «'anby.
Foreca*t mnde at Ban Francisco for thirty
hours «-nd'.r.£ midn'.Bht. December I:
For Northern California— Cloudy Tuesday,
prr-bably rain: fr«;?h s-iutherly winds.
For Southern California— Cloudy Tuesday, be.
corclnr tlr^atenlng in the aTternoon; fresh
loutherly winds.
F<T Nevada— Cloudy Tuesday. probaMy lljjht
ra'.n In nonhrrn prirtlon: wnnr.er north.
For t.'tah— Cloudy Tuesday; warmer In north
ern portion.
Frr Arizona— Cloudy Tue«£ay.
For San Krancis;o and %-lcmltj-— Cloudy Tues
«>' probably showers; fresh southerly winda.
ALGXANDHK G. McADIE.
Forecast Octal.
EASTERN MARKET&
.> r-i York Stock Market.
SCCW TnnK. Dec. 4.— Th* weakness of,
stocks to-< Jay wai a rcFpon?e to the world-wide
tightness in money. a marK effect wn also
produced by the Supreme Court decision. In
the Addystone pipe case, involving an Infringe
ment of the anti-trust law I. industrial com
bination*. Strenuous effort! were m.-. by
professional operator* to belittle the force of
thli decision on the ground that the party to
the case r«« a particularly flagrant Jllustra
tlrn of a trurt forrnatlon and the points In the
ca*e could not apply to the general run of ln
<!uMr!al combinations, but the acute effect
produced on the securities of Umm combina
tion* argued an apprehension on the part of
the holder* that tliiir value would be impaired
by the decision, stocks of the- industrials fell
anywhere from 1 to 4 or 3 imlnu, and showed
but a feeMe rallytn* power.
In fact there seemed to be no resistance at
any point In the markrt. There wan ecme early
strength In Ilurl'.r.gton. tomr of the iron and
••Ml stock*. Pacific Mall. Great Northern pre
ferred sjjd Unsred. but with the downward
court* there was practically no lnterruptkn
and the close was «t the lowert. and the ma
jority of the active rtorks thowed net iJJjL
of a point or over. Hupar was conspicuously
weak and is over 3 points lower on thf day
There was some thnrt felling among the in
durtriala on the stn-nrth of the Supreme Court
decision, but protu-takln* waa larrtly
for the lon« account .-,,; waa very manifest
from the marked weakness in stocks which
have recently advanced notably the trunk
line,*, '■'»• Pacifies and Sugar. The apprehen
•lon over money affairs turned prlncli>ally to
Joretcn markets, especially to Berlin and
lam The advance in the sterllnr rate at
those points to very near the gnld export level
marked the influence of the rtank of Eng
land' • measures to attract funds. The ster
ling exchange rate In New York also ndvanced
liut the mrney rate both in Paris ar.d Kerlln
remained quiet, contrary to th* fear* of the
speculative world. The stacnatlon of ejjecu
latlon at those centers probably had to dn
with this remit. In New York, on the con
trary, the money rate stiffened es the day
progressed and Curried to 1J p«r cent, at which
point it closed. No loans were made betiw 6
per cent. Some of the borrowers, coutuias
upon an easy money market following Satur
day's strong bank statement, delayed supply
lnjr until late m the day and so bid up the
late Ihe strength of Saturday's bank state
irent li seen to t.e traceable to a single in
> tltut'.nn. as was the care latt week. Moreover
'he *üb-Trearory operations, from which the
whole of last week* rash recuperation was de
rived, chows rains by the sub-Treasury at
the expense of the banks since" last Friday of
f1.2T4.000. Offerings of bonds for redemption
at the sub-Treuury have fallen to so low a
point as to afford only a cllcht offset to the
absorption of funds In the taking up of the
surplus revenues. On the other hand. Interior
exchtxecs moved alicbtljr In favor of New
York. The speculative putt!:, however, hat
al-and I hope of any easier money condi
tions until after the end of the year.
Ra'.lroad bonds were easier In sympathy with
■trckn. United Elate* 2s. new 4s and Ss ad
vanced »; and the In and old 4* coupon *» In
the bid price. Total sales, pur value $1,430,000.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks— Hid.
K0 Atchison 22' i
1?.t>25 Atehlson prefd CJ*»
1.415 Baltimore & Ohio M
Canadian Pacific 31' i
420 Canada Southern .'£'•»
34.550 Chesapeake & Ohio 30\
3,200 Chicago Great Western 14 ,
ti.ZtO Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 13:'*
£10 Chli-ago InU I Ijouia 154
300 Chicago Ind & Louis prefd 454
1,200 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 96>»
Chicago & Northwestrn 167
3..'-:>0 Chicago Hock Island .v Pacific. nr,
4.2:2 C C O & St Louis 61
1.f.25 Colorado Southern CU
205 Colorado Southern Ist prefd 47V»
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 184
£71 Delaware .' Hudson 120
too Delaware LacUawunna & Western. .lS7V4
700 Denver & Ulu Grande lOS
210 Denver & Kio Grande prefd 74V
Erie 12V
1.3C2 Erie Ist prefd 37U
7.2*5 Urrat Northern prefd 17(1
Hocking Coal 18
4CO Hocking Valley 244
1.020 Illinois Central 115
lowa Central 1S»;
J9O lowa Central prefd t8
I<O Kansas City PUtabarg & Gulf 9Vi
S<k) Lake Erie & Western M
220 Lake Erie .v Western prefd SO
I^ake Shore 20«
Z.VJ) L'.ulsvllle I Ncshville S4»i
17.441 Mnnhattan L 104?»
2.C0 Metropolitan Street Railway 192
100 Mexican Central ... 13
Minn .-. .-• Louis 65V4
Minn & St Louis prefd 95
2.&00 Missouri Pacific 47H
MrMle & Ohio 44>,
•00 Missouri Kansas & Texas 11»
Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 38>»
T.SO New Jersey Centra. 121 1
3.150 New York Central 13!*;
r.Kfl Norfolk &. Western 26V»
K5 Norfolk & Western prefd 70»»
16.K52 Northern Pacific 6S».
S.4U) Northern Pacific prefd 78
3.730 Ontario & Western 23
Oregon Rallw»- &. Nay 42
<>i ■,.•.. n Hallway &• Nay prefd 76
6.W-5 Pennsylvania 13m
2"0 Heading ;.i'
5,475 Reading Ist prefd tgi t
3wl Heading 2U prefd Co» 4
Itio Grande item 43
ISO Rio Grande Western prefd t9
175 St Louis U Sin Fran ... io\
Bt I-rfiuls & San Fran Ist prefd...... 72
• M Louis & San Fran 2d prefd If
I.CO Ht Louis Southwestern llli
l.tiO St 1., ins Southwestern prefd SOi*
7.400 Bt Paul iKiMinS
St I'aul prefd *'.'.i;j
Sr.o Xt I'aul & Omaha ...MTU
iS.HO Southern Parlflc (It?
2.*V> houthern Hallway i;»4
>.S"0 Southern Jiailway prefd 75ti
1.4J0 Tex:is & Pa< Iflc i;j!
2>.iSs Cnlon Paci:ic 60<«
• S.^li I'nion Pacific prefd 7t*i
700 Wabash 7?
I.WO Waba.sh prefd •••£
J. 200 Wh>>ltnir & L E ;y!; n
HO Wheellnu & L E 2d prefd »tt I
2^» Wisconsin Central , i<,il
Express Comi<anies
Ailams jj;
AmtTicaji . .".V.V 145
I'nlted States '.7.7.7.7 " 4514
Wt-lls Fargo j;;
Miscollaneoub—
1,650 American Cottoa Oil 34« i
American Cotton Oil prefd - S3
W0 American Maltlnfr 10
100 American Malting prefd 43
I.MO Am Smelting & Running .. 23.
l,:C0 Am BmHtlna .v Kenning prefd M
American Spirtts 4
American Spirits prefd '[ .'!"'. 17
2.4C0 American Steel Hoop 46*:
2t>o American Steel Hoop prefd " fcSU
10,r.0 American Stetl A Wire 47>i
700 American Steel £r Wire prefd S5
€2O American Tin Plate S2U
M 0 American Tin Plate prefd . S«
24.C0 American Tobacco 7 115U
.." American Tobaoco prefd 14J
1.073 Anaconda Mining Co 44
37.'.'40 nrooklyn Hapld Transit M'»
4.200 0.Wa.10 Fuel A- Iron u%
10.155 Continental Tobacco 40* i
r..«/7 Continental Tobacco prefd 91V
43.4: iS FMleral Stefl „ giil
4.f.'.2 Federal Steel prefd .'..'."!"! fcl
~'JS General Electric 127
I.i.'* Glucose Sugar !..!'.!!! £24
«Jlueose Sucar prefd ".!!." 100'
1.r.V1 International Paper «1
t2J Intcrr.stlonal Paper prefd .. .7" i)
700 Laclede Gas ]"_['_ g2
National Biscuit !!!!!!"! 41
National niseult prefd •-■--••• 95
400 Natlcna.l Lead '' 2)
National Lead prefd .V.!"lOs>i
1.400 National Steel 4 C ?
National Steel prefd \'"\ $4
171 New York Air Drake '"*I44H
12.100 North American "" UK
700 Pacific Coast ' " SB
Pacific Coact Ist prefd 86
122 Pacine; Coast Id prefd "*" C6U
14.335 Pacific Hail " 47?
3.CVI People's '"•tii !!1112
2CO PreF^M Rteel Car ' 57
lf<o Pressed Steel Car preM 7! S9
21« Pullmaa Palace Car . 133
1.f'40 Standard I: i- & Twine 11 T *.
43.«?0 Sugar .7 r.-.
175 Sugar prefd Us\
1.120 Tennessee Coal & Iron Ujix
22.?«0 X'nlted States Leather i(,Z
6.253 irnlted States leather proM 7S*l
«<io Tnlted Ptatoa Rubber 46
United States Rubber prefd 109
W6 Weitern Union grit
2.C*> Republic Iron & Fteel '77 24t4
rr.o Republic Iron & Steel prefd 70li
P C C & St Louis 731;
M1.7C0 Total sales.
CLOSING BCNDS.
I" B 2s reg ICJ«4 M X & T M. TO
Do 8s reg ICSV Do 4s «m
Do 3s coup IGSVN J Cent UU.... ir\»
Do new 4s reg. .lX3 i Do gen 65.. iinu
Ho new 4s coop. 133 N Carolina Cs 117
Do old 4s reg 112»4;No i«ac lsts 110
Do .•1 «• c0up...113H! Do 3s 6iv
I>o !■ reg 111^1 Do 4s 102
Ho 6« coup 1114 N T C 4 St L 45. .106%
Dls of Col 3. «.'.•. ...US - N ft W con 45.... "mi!
Ala class A 1104 Do gen 65... m
Do class 1? 11l Or Nay lets "lM
Do class C ICI Do 4a 101
Do Currency 100 Or Short I.in* «a...i29\i
Atchlson gen 45.... SJ%| Do con 6a 114',
IV) adj 4s 87V Reading Gen 45.... gen
Canada S3 Ms lC7«i'R <; \V l«u "' m«!
dies ■ Ohio 4V45... N ML* I M Con In HO
I>o 5s IKY. St L & 8 F Gen 65.124U
Chic 4- M Con 75. .143 ISt Paul Con 171 V
C & N s r deb 1a. 107 St P C 4: P 15t»..120H
Chic Term 4s 95 Do If 1*0*;
D& H O Ist* ..101«4l Southern Ry .'.5....105H
Do 4s Ptand R * T 65.... 54 '
TV & O 1et5....103S Term new set 3s 95
Erie Gen 4s 11% TejT& Pac 15ta....U3
FW& D C lsts... 78 Do 2d5........::; "4
Gen Elee 6f 11l Union Pac 45..7!'104
. T. II & 8 A 6s 1104 Wabash Ista 114
Do Ml 106 Do Mi 101
II & T Cent Sa 111V4 West Shore 4r. 115
Do Con 6s 110 Win Cent lots $>2V
lowa Cent lsts 112 Va Centuries S&V»
X C P & «i Uts.... 7: Do Deferred 7 "
La new con 45....10»'4 Colo A S 4* &5
L & N Unl 4* lOOVi 1 Southern Pac 1a.., 82%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar JO'Ontarlo 8 00
Crown Point 21 Ophlr 1 iq
Con Cal & Va. 110 Plymouth **" og
; Deadwood CO i Quicksilver 2 00
I Gould & Curry 21 1 Quicksilver prefd 775
Hale & Norcross... 40 Sierra Nevada ' 44
Homestake 65 00 Standard "' J-0
Iron Hllver UlUnlon Con .. "■ 3-,
; Mexican &5 Yellow Jacket....".! 15
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money- West Electric 44S
Call loans 5i.4«7 West El prefd M
Time loans 6V4©O Wls Central ISU
. b i° ckB T« Dominion Coal ...12
■ A T & S F ttu pom Coal prefd....HS
ATac S F prefd.. 64S Bonds
i Am Sugar ........I:2:; l Atchlton ia U
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1*99.
Am Sugar prefd.. ll9 Mining Shares—
Dell Telephone 343 Adventure E'i
Boston .v Albany. Allouez Mln C 0.... 3*
lloFton Elevated... 103*4 Atlantic 26
Boston & Maine. .lo3 ; Boston & M0nt.... 320
Chgo Bur & Q 132% Butte & 805t0n.... 72
Ed Elec 111 MS Calumet & Hec1a..775
Gen Electric 128 Centennial 21
On Elec prefd. ...l3:) Franklin .*. 17
Federal Steel 61<» Humboldt ..". 14
Fed Steel prefd.... 80*« )sccola T*\%
Mexican Central... 13 Parrot 41
Old Colony 207 Qulncy 150
Old Dominion 29 Santa Fe Copper.. 7
Rubber 454 Tamarack 215
Union Pacific 50 iWlnona 7
Union Land 34 Wolverine* 4f>4
West End S3 Utah 84*
West End prefd.... 115 ,
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. Money on call closed
strong at 6012 per cent; last loan, 12 per cent.
Prime mercantile paper. CHO6 per cent. Ster
ling exchange firm, with actual business In
tankers' bills at $4 S6UO4 ««4 for demand, and
at $4)MVi484514 for sixty days. Posted rates,
$4 Kfii 824 and $4 574. Commercial bills.
14 SOUO4 804. Silver certificates. 6SUffs94c.
Bar silver. 68*4 c. Mexican dollars. 47Vic Gov
ernment bond*', strong; State bonds, Inactive;
railroad bonds, easier.
London Market.
NEW TORK. Deo. 4.— The Commercial Ad
vertlher*s London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were slack and Irregular,
operators Impatiently awaiting Important newt
from the Transvaal.
Americans began firm on quiet buying of
Vr.l. n Pacific. Northern Pacific and Chesa
peake and Ohio Issues, but New Tork selling
! rau**d a rather weak close. Chesapeake and
Ohio and I'nlon Pacific and Baltimore and
ohl) were flat.
Sjanlsh 4s were 67*4: Tintos, 46 s *: Anacondas.
' 9S-1G; I'tahs, 7 i 4 ; Avlnoe. 19-16; Boston, 1. The
lank bought $6000 gold 1n French coin.
There was a good demand early In the ses
sion for money for repayments to the bank
and trie payment of half a million Indian
treasury bills. At the close, however, money
was unlendable at 4. as the Indian Council let
cut a considerable amount.
CLOSINO.
: OH. Dm 4— Canadian Pacific, »7H;
i T'nion Pacific, 79H: Northern Pacific preferred.
T? 1 *; Atchlson, 22\; Anaconda, »4; Grand
Trunk. I\. Uar silver, quiet, 274 d per ounce.
Money, 44^5 per cent.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Dec. 4.— FLOUR— Receipts.
14,732; exports, 23,223. Market dull and easy
at opening, but on the late option in wheat
buyers appeared ready to pay old asking prices
and a fair business transpired. Winter pat
ent?. $3 6553 66; winter straits, $3 3333 45;
Minnesota patents. $3 7504; Minnesota bakers'.
$2 So©4 10; winter extras, $2 C®3; winter low
grades. J2 25ft2 40.
WHEAT— Receipts. 205.773 bushels; exports.
103,793 bushels; sales. 2,700.000 bushels futures;
248,000 bushels export. Spot, firmer. No. 2
red. 73c f. a. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth.
«(Uc f. o b. afloat to arrive (prompt); No. 1
hard Duluth. 7S»;c f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red.
T: . iTI - elevator. Options opened steady at
V advance over Saturday's curb close, gov
erned by steadier cables than expected, and
were subsequently rtrengthened by a decrease
in visible supply figures where liberal Increase
was looked for. Ehorts furnishing the chief
demand. The late afternoon market was ac
tive at top point of the day. helped also by
strong news from the cash market. Closed ',
'■i\ net higher. January closed 72Ue: March.
721*07446, closed 74 fee; May. 73*i074c. closed
74-; July 7J&74»4c. closed 7<4c; December.
70 11-16'p71>»c. closed 71"* c.
111! -Firmer.
LEATHER-Firmer.
WOOL— Dull.
METALS— The market for metals lacked
Important new features to-day. Spelter gath
ered some strength from the European cables
and advices from home producing points, but
ruled quiet. Scarcity of spot lead and a little
more Interest by buyers sorvr-1 to tone up that
department In ,i way. The rest of the list was
stupidly dull and unchanged. At the close* the
Metal Exchange called:
PIOIRON Warrants neglected.
LAKE COPPER— DuII and nominal at $17©
'tTn— Dull at $27 '.fall 75.
LEAD Spct. scarce at $4 7504 SO. The brok
ers' price for lead is $1 40 an 'i for copper $17®
17 25.
SPELTER— Firm, nt $4 5004 60.
COFFEE— The market wore oft at the close
over flurry of realizing and was finally barely
steady, with prices 5 points higher to 5 lower.
Total sales. 55.750 ba*». Including: December.
ti 05: January. $•> 10p« 15; February. M 20; |
March. >: 2' M 30; April. $6 35; May. $•', 3Otf<s •>;
June. $6 30 1.-*". 40 July, $6 id'a* V ; Aurust. $6 60;
September. $■ 45tf?6 Co. Spot coffee, steady; No. .
7 invoice. 7c; No. 7 Jobbing. 7>»c; Cordova. 6*4.
©ll%c
SUGAR— Raw. steady; refined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts. C 330 packages. Western
creamery. 23Q27c; June creamery, 22®25c; fac
tory. 15Vi'32Oc.
EGGS— Receipts. IUI; steady. Western un
graded at mark, H^ilOc.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Weak on favorable
country advices, with no radical change In
quotations outside figures extreme. California
fruits moderately active anil steady.
1: EVAPORATED APPLKS— Common.
, ; fancy, i-\
CALIFORNIA DRIED Plti'NES— 3H91%c
pet pound, as to fire and quality.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. UOlSe; Mo'.rpark. IRSIKc
I'KACHES— PeeIed. 20iiC2c: unpeeled, TH'SlOc.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. Dec. 4.— Although wheat at the
opening was He up for May, the feeling was
not bullish. Cables were lower and the de
crease In the visible was expected. The de
mand was anything but pressing, but In a
dull sort of way the market eased off for May
to 68'»£iCS?iC. At this point It steadied, and
as statistics bullish in tone arrived, advanced
to a strong close. The visible hit the prophets
by showing a decrease of 68.000 bushels. Re-
I ceipts only moderate were reported and the
Orange Judd Farmer came out with the as
; sertion that the wheat growth Is rank and
sappy— very susceptible to cold weather, and
that fly damages In the sown fields of the Ohio
I and Mississippi valleys were greater than ap
preciated by growers themselves. The advance
carried May to 6^'-,0. and the close was %c
over Saturday at 69$?6S".»<\ During the last
, hour the market was rather active.
<"or:i was easy nnd trade Gull. With colder
w«.it her expected to bring forth liberal Dffer
i ings there was little disposition to buy. De
cember closed *»o down to MV May closed
I unchanged from Saturday at 32'»S32V»c.
Oat« w«-re firm, a good cash demand being
the strengthening factor. May closed un
changed at . . .
Provisions opened strong, and though the
market rased off some, the firmness was main
tained to the close. Hog receipts were light
and prires for them higher; the outside de
| mand improved and there was considerable
talk of a shortage in products on January
delivery day, all of which was productive M
la. ki-one for the price. The,e was conslder
, able buying of lard and ribs and of January
i pork. The advance was checked by star, ling
selling -irders. but the loss on profit-taking
was less tl.an the early gain. January pork
cl' sed ' ■ v(t Saturday; May pork. : : - i;p.
May lard. 2'.»c better nnd May ribs 5c higher.
The le. '..ling futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. Hl»h. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
December «4% 6l«i «4 64%
May MS 694 68U 694
Corn No. 2—
December 104 SOH 294 »%
January 10% 10% MT* 80
Hay 82* 32* 32 32Vi
Oats No. —
1.-.-n.her 22',; 224 22^ • 22Vi
May 23!, 24 23% :3-<
t Me*s pork, p«r bbl—
December 8 274 -8 374 8 27H I 374
January 9 62>i 9 57V4 »45 850
May 9 70 • 70 > 60 9 «5
Lard, per 100 lbs— ■
December 4 95
January 5 224 6J3 6 17Vi I 224
May &40 640 6 t74 540 "
Short rlb», r<>r 100 !ba— MMM
Dfcember 5 00
January 5 05 05 6 00 f 06
May I 20 i to G 15 5 ;o
• "arh quotation* were as follows: Flour.
«my; No. 3 *prins wheat. SlVgeSc: No. 2 red
€SV-©67c: No. 2 corn. 30c; No. 2 oat* 2214813 c*
No. 2 white. 25>~<.: No. 3 white. 2!4®25c; No.
2 rye. Be; No. 2 barley. 38©43>4c; No. 1 flax
, seed, 51 S3; prime timothy seed, $2 50; men
i pork. per barrel. |7 7&Hj* 95: lard, per 104
pounds, $4 56&5 I*4: short ribs sides (loose).
1 $4 90Q5 20; dry salted shoulders (boxed). 5%fl
iUc; short clear Mdes (boxed), $5 20^3 30;
, whlt-ky, distillers' finished goods, per gallon,
I $1 234; "Ugar. cut loaf, unchanged.
Articles— / Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels /....:.... 27.000 23.000
Wheat, bushels ...,L % 94,000 16.000
i Corn, bushels * 312,000 IM.OOO
Oats, burtels 372.000 IM.OM
Rye bushels 3.0C0 1000
Parley, bushels 101.000 62.000
Oa U*» prtM'nj-a B '"' t i^7'"* to-d*» - tht butter
market was steady; creamery. 16026 c; dairy,
16612 c. Cheese, steady; t '?l24c. Eggs,
firm; fresh, 19@194c.
Foreign Futures.
I
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. Mar. May
Opening 5 6H 6 8H 6 9
Closing 5 6% 6 8»» 6 t%
.__ PARIS.
Wheat— Dec. Mar.-June.
Opening .. 17 15 18 80
Closing 17 30 18 80
Flour—
Opening 23 75 24 60
Closing 23 43 24 55
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Dec. CATTLE— Choice extra
strong; both Herefords and Aberdeen Angus
sold to-day at $7 40: Inferior to good steers, 10©
15c lower; cow market, easy; canners, steady;
feeders, quiet. Good to, choice. $5 So®7 40; poor
to medium. $4 25©5 25; mixed stockers. $303 70;
selected feeders, $454 60; good to choice cows.
$3 40^4 40; heifers, $3 1555 40; canners. $1 85®3;
I bulls. $2 40494 25; calves $4®7: fed Texas beeves.
$4 3005 50; grass Texas' steers. $3 25©4 25; West
ern range beeves, $4®5 25.
HOGS— Active. 6@loc higher; closed weaker:
few left. • Mixed and butchers. $3 8534 10; good
to choice heavy. $3 90Q4 10; heavy, $3 7633 85;
light. V<UOS; bulk of sales. $3 SO® 4.
SHEKI'- Good to choice sheep and lambs,
, firm, active; others steady to weak. Native
I wethers. $404 73; lambs, $4 1005 55; Western
1 wethers, $4 2504 55; Western lambs. $503 50.
Receipts— Cattle, 19.500: hogs, 33,000; sheep,
20.C00.
Sale s of Oranges in New York.
NEW YORK, Dee. 4.— At the auction to-day
a car of California oranges sold at $3 2503 60
for navels and $2 2532 35 for seedlings. Some
$00 barrels of Jamaica oranges were offered at
i the auction and brought $2 76©4 374. The
I Floridas (1146 boxes) were reported to be in
very poor condition and sold low. The best
, brought $3 50©4 l^H. while down to $1 80 was
J accepted In some Instances. There was little
: doing In the Jobbing market, but prices were
I unchanged. Lemons were dull and nominal.
I To-morrow 6340 boxes will be offered at auction.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Dec. To-day's statement
, of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $286,636,998; gold reserve,
I $237,441,735.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Dec. 4.— Consols. ■■£ Silver.
27', d. French Rentes. lOOf 75c. Wheat cargoes
off coast, buyers indifferent operators; cargoes
on passage, easier and neglected: English coun
try markets, partly 6d cheaper; import Into D.
X.. wheat. CCS.C4X) quarters; Import into U. X.,
flour. 271.000 barrels; wheat and flour on pass
age to V. X., 1,800.000; wheat and flour on pass
age to Continent, 1,130,000.
LIVERPOOL^ Dec. 4. -Wheat, dull; wheat In
Paris, dull; flour In Paris, weak.
CuTToN— Uplands— 4 11-32 d.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL, Dec. 4.— CORN— Ppot American
mixed, steady. 3s sd. Futures— Steady; D*
cemtier. 3s Ed; January*. 3e Bd; February, 3s sd.
WHEAT— Spot, dull. Futures— Quiet: De
cember, in 6!td; March, 5s B*id; May. 5s 7T»d.
London Wool Sz es.
LOVDON. Dec. 4.— The offerings at the wool
I auction sales numbered 14.3C2 bales. A large
• e]e. tion of merinos was offered and Included
; choice New South Wales and Queensland,
which met with Increased bidding from
home and American buyer?. The American
buyers operated specially 111 fine greasy comb-
InRS and secured a fair portion of the offerings.
' They also purchased deep grown lustrouß
greasy crossbreds at an advance of 2d. The
total purchases o f the day amounted to nearly
I 24,000 bales. The attendance was large.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Or. Dec. 4— The deadlock In
! the Portland wheat market Is etlll in existence
' snd very for.- transactions are reported. Quo
tations are largely nominal tit 50£61 c for club
i and 61c for valley. For heavy milling wheat
. higher figures are obtainable, but only In a
v.-ry small way. as there Is no tonnage on
' n.. t and warehouses are crowded. Blue stem,
easy at 62c.
Cleared— Ship Sierra Miranda, Queenstown.
with 102,228 bushels wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash.. Dec. . 4.— WHEAT— CIub.
1 604 c; blue stem, n,
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND.. Or, Dec. 4.— Exchanges, $457.
6?3; balances, $."2,416.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Excange. sixty days..:. — $4 83
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87
Sterling Cables — 4 874
New York Exchange, sight — 7V4
New York Exchange, telegraphic '—■''■ 12Vi
Mexican Dollars — 4S -
Fine Silver, per ounce — 681*
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT- Futures did better. In sympathy
with Chicago. The spot market was undis
turbed.
Chicago was dull, but the feeling was some
what better. Futures at Liverpool and Paris)
were weaker, but later cables were firmer.
There was no pressure to sell. A decrease of
(.8,000 bushels In the visible supply, while small,
was a change from the weekly increase of the
post few months. There was besides a decrease
of 1,700,000 bushels on passage. The world's
shipments for the v.»-*k were 5.600,000 bushels.
Heavy shipments for export from Duluth and
the Canadian lake ports were reported, and 50,
000 bushels were taken at Chicago. There was
also a better cash demand.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 96U097Hc; milling,
3S«;c©sl 01%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session- 9:13 o'clock— May— WOO ctl»,
$1044: 2000,11 04H; C"00. $104\; 12. C00, $104%;
10.000. $105; 6uOO. $1054: 10.0U0 tl 06H; 26.000.
»i oo>4.
Second Session— May— Booo ctla, $105%; 18.000.
I
Regular Morning Session— May— ctls,
HO*',; 28,000, $1 0614. December— 4ooo. 874 c.
Afternoon Session— May— 24. oCo ctls, $1 064.
BARLEY— was more doing on call, at
falling figures. The spot market was neglected
and nominal, as usual.
Feed JOe for No. l and 60075 c for off grades;
Brewing and shipping grades, 85®90c; Cheva
lier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— 2ooo
ctls. Me; 2000. S3!ic; 20c0. S3«ic; 2000. 83Hc.
Second Session— No Bales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— December— 2000 ctls. 834 c;
2000. S3Hc . .
Offerings are liberal again and the
market Is dull.
White, II l«i«l JO; Red, $1 07401 20; Gray, $1 07
Cl 174; Black, »7^r®|i 074.
CORN— Eastern White Is quoted at $101 06
per ctl. All other kinds are nominal.
RYE— Quoted at ll© 1 06 per ell.
BUCKWHEAT— at $1 9002 15 per cU.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR-Callfornia family extras. IS 6003 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras. ?3 4003 50; Oregon
and Washington. $3 4003 60 per bbl for extra,
$3 2593 40 for bakers' and $2 2503 for superfine.
MILLSTUFFS-Prlces In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the ■ trade: Graham
Flour $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75: Rye
Meal, 60; Rice Flour. $7: Cornmeal. $2 60; ex
tra Cream Cornmeal, $3 25: Oatmeal, $4 28; Oat
Groats, $4 60; Hominy. $3 2503 50; Buckwheat
Flour, $4&4 2a; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Farina.
MM: Whole Wheat Flour. $3 60: Rolled Oats
(barrels). $6 CSOG 45; In sacks. $5 8506 25; Pearl
Barley. $5; Split Peas. $4 50; Green Peas. $3 per
100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Hay is weak and dull at last week's decline.
Receipts are liberal. There Is no further change
In Feedstuffs.
BRAN-$14015 per ton.
MIDDLINGS-$17013 60 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $1« 50©17 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26027; Job
bing $27 60028; Cocoanut Cake. $20021; Corn
meal. $23 y.,4i:4 50; Cracked Corn. $24125; Mixed
F '' d -_ |W , E^ l7; Cottonseed Meal. $28 per ton.
•• . £ .^ heat> * 7 5»g9 for common to good and
« 60 for choice; Wheat and Oat. $709; Oat.
$« mm: Barley. $506 60; Alfalfa, $50S per ton;
Compressed. 57610 per ton.
, STRAW-3i<BiCc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Price* remain unchanged. Beans are quiet
but firmly held, and Seeds are dull and nominal.
BEANS- Hayes. }:> 1563 SO . small White. 12 SO
9%: lan, White. $2 40^2 50: Pinks. s2 «5©2 75 ;
Reds. $3 7264: Blackeye. $4 50©4 75; Butters,
nominal: Lima, $4 9Ofcs; Pea, $3f13 25; ned Kid
ney*. 13 SO per ctl. . -
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. »e3Hc: Tellow Mui
tard 4 405 Klax, 12 tZ%: Canary. 3H« per lb
for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa, 7©
8c: Rape. 2'iSJc; Hemp. 4©4Hc; Timothy.
DRIED PEAS-Nllea. $1356150; Green, $1 75
01 85 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes and Onjons are quiet at previous
quotations, and Vegetable* alao stand about the
■MM.
POTATOES— niver Reds. 6O»«3c: Burbanks.
iO<B&c per ctl: Salinas Burbanks. $I©l 25; Ore
gon Burbanks. MeM] 10. Sweet Potatoes. 75@
We for Rivera and »1<&1 10 for Merced.
ONlONS— 7sc*isl per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 6-SSc per lb;
String Beans. €«Sc; Cabbage. 40#50c; Tomatoes.
10{r5Oc; Los Angeles Tomatoes. 75c; Egg Plant
from Lo« Angela, ; Dried Okra. 124 c per
lb; Garlic, 3«4o; Green Peppers from -Los An
geles, . ..• per box; Dried Peppers. 8510 c; Car
rots. 3<"ri-lO<- per sack; Cucumbers. ; Los An
geles Summer Squash. 6Cc(osl per box; Marrow
fat Squash. U2OIS per ton; Mushrooms, 10©
l"^c per lb.
Poultry and Game.
Two cars of .Eastern arrived, and as there
was some Eastern carried over from Saturday
the market was therefore well supplied. Game
was dull and easy. Receipts of local Poultry
were Insignificant.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. l<V3l2e for Gob
blers and 10<312c for Hens; Dressed Turkeys.
; Geese, per pair. $17582; Goslings.
1175f52; Duckft. $484 60 for old an.l VSai for
young; Hens. $3 Cog 4 SO: Young Roosters. $434 50
Old Roosters, $4#4SO; Fryers. $3 60<34: Broilers
iilOCfi for large. $303 DO for small: Pigeons. 51
per dnzen for old *nd II 75©; for Squabs.
GAME— Quail. $2; Mallard. |3C«: Canvas
bac. »4 60®7: Sprig. %3<ct2JQ: Teal. $2-32 25:
Widgeon. $IW©2: Small Duck. $1 60©l 75;
Doves. 75c@$l per dozen: Hare. $1 :s®l 50: Rab
bits. $1 73; Gray Geese. $3©3 50; White. $1 1 23;
Brant. $15002 CO; Honkers. $5; English Snipe,
1262 50 per dozen; Jack Snipe, $126.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The declln* In Eggs continues and receipts
are much heavier.
Butter and Cheese are unchanged. Supplies
of both are ample tor all current need*.
HT'TTKR-
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 25Q21c; seconds,
21@24c.
Dairy— Fancy. 22i$@22c; good to choice* 210
22c: common. 20c.
Pickled roll. 21©22V4e: firkin, 20©21 c; creamery
tub. 22©24 c.
Eastern— l7olßc for ladle packed.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. 123i;«4c: old.
llVic: Young America. 12%®13c; Eastern. 15WQ
16<«: Western. 1»4«?15«« per lh.
EGGS— Quoted at 25i5j30c for common and 397?
40c per dozen for ranch. Eastern— stor
*?.<•. 18Q19c for firsts and 15c for seconds; fresh.
23&25 c per dor.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Oranges continue quiet and weak, and though
a few extra brands of Navels still bring S3 this
figure is not quotable. Other citrus frluts re
main unchanged.
Apples are weaker. Choice Pears are scare*.
Grapes are dragging badly, the weather being
too cold.
Cranberries are rather lower and In larger
supply.
j>KciDrni :- FRUITS—
Apple*. ?ZHfSe per box for common. 75c©tl for
good and II 2501 CO for choice; Lady Apples,
Jl 7502 25 per box.
BERRIES— Strawberries. per chest for
■mall and $2"33 50 for large berries; Raspberries.
per chest: Blackberries, ; Cape Cod
Cranberries, SSQ9; Coos Bay Cranberries, |1 50
01 75 per box.
Persimmons. Ss@SOc per box.
Grapes, 25@u0c per box; crates, iO'Sttc.
Winter I'ihrv '."•■<rs! 7.*. per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NavaI Oranges, »1 Co^2 73
per box; Seedlings, $1 2i i 32: Japanese Manda
rins. %\:A1ll; Pomelos. ?l-ij2 50; Lemons. $19
IGO for common and Jiff 3 CO for Rood to choice;
Mexican Limes. 13 ".o'«4 50; Bananas. $1 iCKjS
per bunch. Pineapples, JlO2 CO per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
The week opens on a dull and unchanged
market.
DRIED FRUITS— Prunes. In sacks. 4?4c for
40-CU'b. 4VW.4c for CO-60s, S*ic for GO-70's. 3%c
for 70-80*8. 3c for 80-DO's and 2»ic for 00-10O*s.
Apricots. 11013 c for Royals, l*V»'9l«c for Moor
parks and 12314 c for Blenheims; Peaches, i'(f
64c for Standards. C:i6Vic for choice and 7c for
fancy; peeled Peaches. 124915 c; Evaporated
Apples. 7^7!lic; Sun-dried. C#sHc pee lb; Nec
tarines, S4&oc per I* for red; Pears, 6V4*3Sc for
quarter* and B®loc for halves; Black Kigs. 30
1 3y.c: White Flbs. 4g6c; Bleached Plums. SS3c;
Unbleached Plum*. 7«.'7Hc for pitted and l^c
, for unpltted. __■
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb 10c; choice, 9c: standard. Sc; prime. 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, par lb. 6c. Sultanas—
Fancy per lb. 84c: choice, 74c: standard. 64c;
prime, sc; unbleached Sultanas, sc; Seedless,
60-lb boxes. Be; 2-crown loose Muscatels, 54c;
I-crown, «\4c; 4-crown. 7c; London Layers,
j-crown. $1 SO per box: 3-crown. SI 60. Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa. 12 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices are t. o. b. at common shilling points
in NUTS^Chfßtnuts. 86124 c; Walnuts. »O>Ho
for standards and 10©10>-.c for softshell; Al
monds, 114 c for paper-shell. 84«f»c for soft
an<! 6c for hnrd.ihell: Peanuts. £>%O6»ic for
Eastern and 5c for California; Brazil Nuts
74f18c: Filberts. 114©12 c; Pecans. lOgllc;
Cocoanuts, »4 t0455.
HONEY— tomb. 114912 c for bright and 104©
lie lor light amber: water white extracted. 74
«78c: light amber extracted. 6%©7 c; dark. CHc
t>«r lb.
BEESWAX- '4fi2ec per lb. .
Provisions.
CURED MEATS - Bacon. 9tfc per lb for
heavy. We for llsht medium. lOHcfor light.
12',ic for extra llcht and 13c for car-cured;
Eastern tugar-cured Hams, 12«4c; California
Hams, nominal Mess Beef. $12 per bbl; extra
Mesn. $13; Family. »M: extra Prime Pork. Jl4 M;
extra clear. $17 50; Mess. $15 60; Smoked Beef,
14«rl*V t>er lb
LhßD— Tierces quoted at 6*4 c per lb fjr
compound and 7c for pure: half-barrels, pure,
;!*c; 10-lb tlni«. 8e: 5-lb tins, Slic.
COTTOLENE— 7*i67Se per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted steer*,
ll^c; .medium. 10% c; light. 10c; Cowhides, 100
10V4c: Stags, "c; Salted Kip. 10c; Calf. 10c.
Dry Hides, sound. ISc; culls and brands.
14c; Dry Kip and Veal. 16c: Dry Calf. IS©
19c; Sheepskin-, yearlings. 2>,'{?3Sc each; short
Wool, SS©6Oc each; medium, 70@90c; long Wool.
$101 25 each: Hor*e Hides, salt. $2 10 for large
and Sldf 1 50 for small; Colts. 50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. Ie per lb: No. 2.
4^c: refined. 64c; grease. 2V4c.
WOOL—
Fall clip. Pan Joaquln plains. %<Ql%c: South
ern. &Ijl3c: Middle County. 1O1J1!U C ; Humboldi
and Mendoclno. 15£?16c; Eastern Oregon. 12@15c;
Valley Oregon. li'SlSc: Northern Mountain,
free. 11613 c; Northern Mountain, defective. 10Q
lie per lb. . . »■ ■
HOPS— «SIOc per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Small hogs are getting scarcer, and dealers i
are looking for an advance. Large Hogs, on i
the contrary, are retting more plentiful and
the packers are talking about reducing their
bids.
HKKF— 7©THc per lb for Steers and 6K070
for Cows.
VEAL— SCIOc per I».
MUTTON— Wethers, 7c; ewes. *■+<• per lb.
I-AMn-StiS'ic per lb.
PORK .Ho JH^'Xc for small. RH*
6%c for medium and &<a:>\c for large; stock
Hogs and feeders, 5',-jc; dressed Hogs. TBS'/ic.
General Merchandise.
Calcutta, Grain Bain, "QT£c: Wool
Bags, 2S-;?30c; Fruit Bi«s. 6c. C';c and 6%e for
the three grades of white and Vie for bleached
jute.
Wellington. M per ton: New Welling
ton. %*; Eouthfield .Wellington. {TOO; Seattle $7;
Bryant, $<; Coos Bay. U. Wall»end. $&; Scotch
; Cumberland: $9 75 In bulk and $1125 In
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $13; Can
nel, $9 £0 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate. Jll 25; Coke. $13 per ton In bulk and $v
In sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotea. terms net cash. In 100-lb hags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. s?ic: Pow
dered. s*ie; Candy Granulated. sc. Dry Granu
lated. 4?, c; Confectioners A. 4%c; California A.
; Magnolia A. 4'_ c; Extra C, <He; Golden
C. 4«4c: barrels. l-160 more; half-barrels Vie
more; boxes. He more;,Co-lb baps. He more
No order taken for less than 71 barrels or Its
equivalent. Dominoes, half-barrels s*4c- boxes
8%.- per lb. .
Imports from the Islands In November we ™
D.JU.COO pounds. • ""*
QUICKSILVER— Ia higher at '46^47 per nask
for export and $51 for local trade.
LINSEED OIL— Is higher at 59c per gallon
for raw and 61c for boiled In barrels Casea
6c more. ■ **
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY. DECEMBER 4.
Flour, qr eks 25.113! Wool, bags .... m
Wheat, ctls 9.130 Pelts bdla .. ii
Barley, ctl« 4.43:. Hides No .... ."
Oats, ctls 110 Eggs, dozen ....*M.S
Rye. ctls X.IOO uK , ir , bbls ....!*?
Butter. ctU ....'... 130jKugar. sks .. " 3770
.Beans, sks 1.3 M Quicksilver, flasks 2^3
Potatoes, ska 5.133 Leather, rolls . «'-,
Onions, eka 1,21.1 Corn. East. ctls... 310
Bran, sks 63S Wine, gals ... tt.l2
Shorts.. sks 70 Brandy, gals ...'." 7"»2s
Middlings, sks .... 470 Raisins, boxes " * 'too
Hay. tons 716 I.ime. bb!s ... is->
Straw, tons ....... 30 Chicory, bbls ..." 30
Hops, bales ....... n\ .. * w
WASHINGTON. '
Flour, qr 5ka..... .15,1141 Flaxseed. ska 4 310
Wheat, ctls 3.100 Wool bales .. • «
Oats, ctls 3.600 ' '" 36
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks SOOJ -
THE STOCK MARKET.
Securities were dull and weak on the morn-
Ins session. Hawaiian Commercial declined to
$90. Spring Valley Water to $96 and Gas &
Electric to $54 TZ&ZZ.- Contra. Costa Water was
weak at $76 12',eT6 37^.
Trading continued light In the afternoon and
the only noteworthy change was a decline In
Contra Conta. Water to $7.'. 75.
Oil stocks were quiet on both exchanges.
The Paauhau Sugar Plantation Company has
declared a dividend of 35 cent* per share, pay
able on the 11th.
Alaska Packers* will pay Its seventy-second
dividend of 75 c*nts on the 12th.
The Consolidated New York Mining Company
has levied an assessment of. 3 cents.
The last monthly report of the Alaska Tread
well mines shows the employment of the two
mills dropping MO stamps, crushing H.P tons
of ore. valued, at $65,009. with 803 tons ■«>•
phuret« saved, valued at $22,170. The gross
yield for the month was $94."!» Working ex
penses estimated at $32,600. The ore was quite
low in grade for the most port, the average
being $1 M per ton. The Alaska-Tread well
mine Is raying $300,000 in dividends annually,
or about $1000 for every business day.
The Onomea Sugar Company will pay a divi
dend of 35 cents per share to-day.
The Pacinc Lighting Company will pay a
dividend of 33 cents per share to-day.
STOCK AND IJOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, Dec. 4—2 v. m.
Bld.Ask. • Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— jEqult G L Co. b'i «
4s quar coup..— — Mutual El Co. — 154
4s quar reg,... — - OG L H.... 43 -
4s quar new... — — Pac Gas Imp.. — ■>'
in quar coup... — ! Pac Ll«ht Co. 40»4 —
Miscellaneous— I 8 F G & E 64*; 65U
Cal-st Cab .'117*4 — San Francisco. 3V» —
C C Wat os iv» — : Stockton Gas.. 12 —
Ed L & P 6s. I*l — Insurance—
FSi Cl Ry 6s. 115 — Flrems Fund.222H —
Geary-st It ss. — M > Hank Stock*—
II C & S 6U5.112 — !Anglo-Cal «3 —
LARy Ss — IC6 Bank of Ca1...400 405
LAL Co 55.. 93 — Cal SI) & T.. 9<SV* »X
Do gntd 65.. 83 — First Nat10n1..23? l>o
Do gntd 5a.. — 102 Lon I' & A. ...130 —
LA& I' R 69.104 — . Merchnts* Ex. — 1«
Mnrket-st As. . .12?<*4 — Nev Nat 8k...190 —
Do Ist M 5a.U6%U7% Pavings banks—
NC N '1 It 7s.lU — iGer Sft L....1T40- —
N Rof Cal 65.116 — I Hum 6ft L...1050 11(3
Nlt of Cal 65.113i4U4U Mut Say 8k... 39 45
NPCH It 65. 102 — a F S.iv i;... 600 —
NPC R R 55.10S — Say ft L. So.. — 80
N Cal R R sslC3 — Sec Say 8k... — 310
OGL &11 ss. I T'i — Union T C 0...1450 1440
Oak Tran Us.. — 113 Street Railroads-
Oak WCo 65..10S — California 113 US
Ocean S S 65..10S 110 Geary «> —
Cm CRy !■ 1141 rt Market-st 62 1 . (3
PftCl Ry CS..IOS 109 Oak 8 L, ft H. — W
Pk ft O ity tts.lls — i Presidio — 30
Powell-st R 6s — 122 | Powder—
Sac El G *Rss — — California 165 —
BFSi Nl' 55.11» — X Dynamite... »5 —
6F ft SJV la.llttt — Giant Con Co. — »4
HRy of Cal 6s.lOS}» — Vlg..rit 3U :'i
8 P of A 6.«. ...113 114 Sugar—
SP C 65(13C5). — ill Hana P Co — %\ —
8P C 6a<WQ6).lll — Haw CftSCo 90 —
8P C 65(1312).115Vi — Honokaa 8 Co. 32' i 331*
SPCIs eg ss. — — i Hutch B P Co. 27 17H
Sl' i:r 6s 1234 — Kllauea S Co.. — —
8 V Wat 6«....114\» — Makawell BCo 44U 45 1 *
S V Wat 45.... 103 103U Onomea 3 Co. — —
S V W4s(3dm).lGC?ilol Paauhau S Co. 31T« 32 1 ,;
Stkton Gas 6s. — — Miscellaneous—
Water Stocks— Al Pack Assn.ll7'4 —
Contra Costa.. 75 73% Mer Ex Assn.. — WO
Mann County.. .•'> — Oceanic S Co.. — 95
Spring Valley. 93 M I Pac A F A.... 1H —
Gas and Electric— Pac C Bor C 0.14: 1 ! —
rent Oaf C 0... — — Par Paint Co.. »V» —
Cent Lft P... — • I
Morning Session.
Board—
CO Contra Costa Water 79 25
10 Contra Costa Water 76 I'M
20 Contra Costa Water, s 30 76 25
S5 Contra Costa Water. ca?-li M ■
6 Contra Costa Water. cash 76 37V4
20 Hawaiian C ml & Sugar M 00
IGO Hutchlnson S P Co -' '0
490 S F Gas & Electric Co 64 75
M S F Gas & Electric Co "•■"• 00
1 Spring Valley Water 96 50
60 Spring Valley Water 96 25
60 Spring Valley Water ...» 90 00
Street —
25 Makawell Sugar Co 45 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
15 Contra Costa Water 7« 25
10 Contra Cctta Water "I CO
70 Contra Costa Water 75 75
60 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar 90 00
20 Ilonokaa Sugar Co 3 00
125 Onomea Sugar Co 34 25
10 Faauhau I P Co 32 00
6 I'acinc Lighting 40 50
SO 8 F Gas & Electric Co 54 BT«4
Street—
$5000 Spring Valley 4« (3d tnorts) 100 73
60 Contra Costa Water 76 25
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD. *-
Morning Session.
10 aSK? Pacer.' A.sn UT M
10 Alaska Parkers' Assn 117 W
200 Equitable Can 5 «4
$0 Paauhnu Sugar Co 32 00
4:. I'aauhau Sugar Co 31 .5
23 P F Gas & Electric 65 15Vi
20 8 F Gas & Electric W CO
150 Vigor! t Powder 3 37H
Afternoon Session.
Board
10 Contra Costa Water t« 25
20 Contra Costa Water 6 I; 1-*1 -*
l ■ Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar •» CO
CO Hutchlnson Sugar 27 00
20 Oakland Gas 43*0
10 Oceanic S 8 Co ■ TO
10 Oceanic S S Co 9* 2.>
CO Onomea Sugar Co 34 50
20 S F Gas & Electric 64 H
40 8 F Ga« & Electric 54 624
10 Spring Valley Water MCA
35 Spring Valley Water 96 124
PRODUCERS' OIL. EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
1000 Dominion «
1-10 Home Oil «•» CO
Street—
200 Petroleum Center 30
Afternoon Session.
Board—
SO Dominion *•
CALIFORNIA OIL. EXCHANGE.
Morning Session. ,
100 Board— »65
100 Tidal Wave 2 05
I'd Tidal Wave 2 10
350 Barker Ranch 1 15
600 Century OH Co •*>
100 Anaconda 10.1
ICO Anaconda 1 10
ICO Yukon 2 20
MINING STOCKS.
F^llowlnc were th<» isjej In the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange li lay:
Morning Pension.
1350 Best & Belcher. 60 100 Overman 17
£,0 Chollar ;:. 60 Totosl 31
100 Con Cal A Va..2 Ml 5") Savage IS
100 C C & V. b 10.. 2 20 4SO Sierra Nevada.. V>
100 Crown Point.... 22 *> Sierra Nevada.. 42
SSO Gould & Curry. 20 IK) Union Con 29
3UO Mexican r6r 6 150 Union Con is
Afternoon Session.
400 Andes 16; 100 Hal- A Norc... 41
600 Belcher 20; EM Mexican IS
M Best & Belcher. 47, 600 Mexican 54
200 Hest &. Belcher. 46 inn Occidental IS
400 Best & 1..-! 1.-r. 45j 700 Ophtr 105
100 Caledonia .'V SCO Sejr Belcher . . «.;
750 Con Cal A Vt»..2 OS 1100 Sierra Nevada.. 42
100 Gould * Curry. Is 1W Utah 0u
300 Gould & Curry. 1«1 100 Yellow Jacket.. 13
Fo'.lowlnß wrrp the pales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
M<Ttitn<r Session.
300 Belcher JO 80) Mexican 67
3PO Beet ft Belcher. 61 ISM Mexican 63
600 ne»t ft Belcher. 60 300 Mexican Ci
2M) B«fst & Belcher. 4- 100 Occidental 20
900 Rut & I>lehtrr. 47 ;oo Occidental ... IS
250 Con Oal & Va..2 25 300 Ophlr 1 I",
. WO C C & 1 2241 400 Ophlr 110
13M) Con Cal ft Vu..2 20; SM> Ophtr ... 1 <£
SSO CC* Va .'lT' ? 200 Sierra Nevada.. 4f,
11(4) Con Cal A: Va..2 i., GO Sierra Nevada.. 4.
. 10 Con cal & Va..2 031 300 Sierra Nevada.. 41
SCO C C & Va 2 0:41 €00 Sierra Nevada.. 43
300 Con Cal & Va..2 lo| 1500 Union Con a*
800 Con Cal A V.i . 00! SCO Knlnn C0r.... 17
. 400 Hale ft Nora... 4:1 3CO Utah a
Afternoon Seanlon.
ECO Belcher 3:1 700 Mexican i*
too Belcher . 20: Coo Mexican :.:,
tOO Bent ft Belcher. 4 S 1400 Mexican .... M
SOO Bent & Belcher. 47 20rt Occidental 13
100 Bent & Belcher 46.1200 Ophlr 1074
200 Caledonia . X 500 Plcrra Nevada.. 44
MOO Con Cal ft Va..: <»:. ' ;r«. Sierra Neva 4>
600 Con Cal ft Va..: 10 Wi Sierra Nevada.. 11
4">o CC ft Vu 2 f»7' 7 1300 Sierra Nevada.. 41
2.1 Con Cal & Va..2 00 *» Tnlon Con . 37
Sf-0 Crown Point... 22 500 Utah 05
400 Crown Point... 21
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. DECEMBEn 4, 2 p. m.
Bid. Ask.: Bid Ask.
Alpha. 04 ''■'' Kentuck i»l 03
Alta .. v . M 07|La»1v Wa*hlgtn — W
Andes M I.V Mexiban £4 65
Belcher 23 31 Occidental 17 1*
Best &- Belcher. 47 4S Ophlr ICSI 10
Bullion ......... 05 CC Overman l«i 17
Cale.ionla ."■« — I I'oto»l 27 2i
Chollar 23 24 vase 1« IS
Challenge Con.. II 24 Scorpion — 02
Confidence $0 85 B«a Belcher . ... 06 07
Con Cal A Va..2 00 2Oi Sierra Nevada.. 42 4.1
Con Imperial ..01 02 Silver Hill 02 —
Crown 1'01nt.... 20 21 St Louis — 08
Exchequer — 02 Standard 27$ —
Gould & Curry. 18 13 Syndicate — 06
Hale ft Norc... .40 41 Union Con X 37
Julia — 02 Utah OS 0$
justice C 91' Yellow Jacket.. IS 19
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Maggie and Slm^n ILx-hntadtrr to H. P.
Bf nntaK. lot on N line of Broadway. 170 W of
Goukli mrcet. \V T. by N l.^ •«. ll'
Winfleld 8. and Clara M. Da via to Hannah
WllF..n (wife of William;. l«it on W line nf
Devlaadern street. 6«.3'j S of Broadway, a 66:3>,
by V 137:6; 110.
*nlfred A. Foraa to O. J. Bamberser, lot
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE!
THIS DAY.
TUESDAY. December 6. 11 o'clock.
AT ORMONDE STAI'.LE. , on
1317 MISSION STIIEET.
Of 40 head of Choir* Horses, suitable for ail
purposes.
B. W ATKINS. Auction— r.
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
fe* AT £*
GRAND ARCADE HORSE MARKET. 01
w _ SIXTH STREET.
WEDNESDAY. December v at 11 o'clock.
We will sell a lot of cheap horses and mares
used by a retiring contracting firm: all good
workers; also 15 head of A No. 1 young horses
from the country.
SULLIVAN ft DOYLE.
Live Stock Auctioneer*.
on 6W corner of Devtsadero and Sacramento
streets, S M:7 by 110; $10.
Estate of John P. Clabrough (by Geor*«
Clabrough an.l Men 1-1 Hoytema, adrolnl»tra
tors) to Frank 11. Gardiner, lot NW corner of
Frederick >-tre ? t and I>« Long avenue. N 10*
by W 41; JSSOO.
Martin and Annie F»nnell to Annla A. Fen
nell. lot on E line of Julian (First) avenue. US
N of Fifteenth street. N 10 by C 14; gift.
William Ladd to James French, lot on W line
of Church street. 114 a of Twentieth. 8 &7 by W
105: 110.
John B. Kelly to Sarah E. Kelly, lot on N Iln«
of Twenty-fifth street. Mi W of B&acnts. W 13
by N 114; $10.
Abraham and Amelia A. Aron»on to Char-lotto
F Clarke, lot on X line of Geary street. 115 VT
Of Powell, W SO:2H by N 137:6* $10
Estate of Charles C. Hastings (by N. K.
X*J**2- trail to Charles H. Hastings, nn
dlvldrd one-Half of lot on NE corner of Geary
and Mason streets, N" C 3:9 by 9Z'l*
Charlotte F. Clarke to Mom A- . .rut lot on
Kby^S r ,?i.r^ Wen and Geary street* 8
HC by W W:6; f1M.500,
Patrick and Catherine McGe« to Mary E.
Boylan, lot on N\ corner of Jackson and Au
burn street*. W 20 by N 80; $10.
F. A. and Lizzie c. Wlckersham (executor* of
the estate of I. O. or J. G. Wlckershara) to A.
ft^EwV&sVlKfti 01 JonM *° d Post
■ m; 9Z7.SM.
Henry Miller to Sarah W. Miller, lot on W
corner of Harris m and Essex streets. NW lil
by S\V 87:6: Rift.
Mary B. McMull ' n to Mary K. McMullen. lot
on NW line of Clementina street. i:5 NE of
Ninth. NX 23 by NW 73: rift.
<; 11. Mnlech to '. F. Clark, 'ot co w line
of Minnesota street. CO N of Colusa (Army).
N 75 by ■•' 10O; gift.
Oeorg* A. Frle.lrich to Emma Friedrlch lot
on W line of Eleventh avenue. ITS H of X
street. 8 60 by w 120; lot on W line of Eleventh
avenue, 27.-, 8 Of X street. S 25 by W 13); lot
on X line of Lntt street. ICO 8 of Fulton, i* M by
E 106:.1; lot on W i!n» of Fifth avenue. 100 8 of
Clement street. N 2* by W 110; sjl't.
Achllle Well I to Theodore Welll. lot 20. block
11. Railroad-aver.- Extension Homestead; SlO.
Mary V. Townsend (by Louts R. Townsend.
guanllan and trustee) to Mary V. Tovn«»n'.
lot on SW line of Fifteenth avenue. 75 II of X
street. sf: 75 by S\V i ■. lot 7. block 310. South
San Francisco Homestead: $10.
Louis and Sophie Kahn to M. rui'.ln. undivid
ed half of lots IS. 17. 107. 108. 158. 14 and 314.
Gift Map 1; $10.
Daniel C. Howiand and Allan Lnuarn (or Lea
rain) to Marie Castanetto. wife of Maur I lot
on NW line of Munich street. I*4 NE of Russia,
NE 150 by NW m, block U, Excelsior Home
stead: $10.
Amelia L. Worden. wife of William H.. ta>
Oscar Heyman. lots 152. IS4. US and US. Holll
day Map A; $10.
Ronald W. and Christy A. Smith to Jam»s 8.
Anrus, Thomas O. Crothers and W. B. Good
fellow (executors estate of James O." Fair), lot
on 8W corner of Cortland avenue and nnlr.<
ton street. W 25 by 8 100. lot 14. block *. Fair •
Subdivision of Holly Park (quitclaim deed); $13.
Alameda County.
Richard J. Montgomery (executor estate
Margaret P. McCourtney to George Sterling,
lot on SW corner of Evoy avenue (or Fortieth
street) and Lusk street. W 141 by 8 120. being
lots IS. 13 and 20. Whit* House plat. Oakland.
$3CO.
Ann E. Miner to same, lot on NW corner
of Fortieth (or Evoy avenue) and Linden
streets. N 200 by W 112. 27. Oakland; $10.
C. K. and Julia E. Marshall to same.. lot
on N line of Fortieth street. l"0 ■ of Grove.
E 32 by N 110. being lot » on Map of Redlvlsion
Montgomery Tract, subject to mortgage. Oak
land; 110.
8. A. Standrinr to Annetta King, lot on r.
line of Pine street. 123 M of Division, N 25 by
E W>. Oakland: sift.
Niels M. and Ijiura Martin to Charles F.
Starrat, lot on SW line of Pearl street. 1.'.0.n
N\V of worth avenue. WV 45. SW 10.10,
E to a point Si: MLS* to beglnninr. being a
portion of lots I and 3. block E. Flint Tract
No. 2. Oakland; $10.
Amelia A. Bos<*ow to William A Boscow. lot
on HE line of Fifteenth street. 217 « W of
Twenty-third avenue. W 23 by 8 150. East Oak
land; $i:co.
George W. Austin to Mores 1 Mllam. lot on
8 corner of East Sixteenth street and Nine
teenth avenue. SE W0 by SW 35. being a por
tion of lots 21 to 2(. block ML Ran Antonio,
subject to mnrtpage. Ea«t Oakland ;«SIO.
O. L. Shifter Estate Company to Emmanuel
M. Paget. lot on N line of Haste street. 235 E
of Bowdltch. E 2S by N 133. being portion cf lot
8. Map of Shaftcr Property and also being por
tion of block .*• College Homestead Association.
Berkeley: $10.
A. E. Shaw and Elmhurat Land Company to
Lulu L. Maddnx. lots 2. J. i to 8. 25 and 75. Elm
hurst Park No. 2. subject to mortgage. Brook
lyn Township; $400
Lulu Madilox to Pon Cheng Den. Jots 5 to I.
same Map. Brooklyn Township; $1000.
< .inline Bayley to K. M. Spcnce lot on NW
corner of Seminary avenue or County road
£urv<y No. 1511. 1174.K2 NR from NX line of
county mad. Oakland to San L*andro (R/Md
Purvey No. 1525). NE 135.58. NW (43.C0. 8W
125.26. SE 643.50 to beginning, being lots M and
71. Klngsland Tract. Brooklyn Township; $15CO.
1.. W. Forstlng to Mary C. Fleming lot on B
line of Pearl St., 240 H of Central avenue be
fore widening. 8 30 by E 140. Alameda; $19.
D. H. Stelter to Minna Btelter. M acre*, bo-
Ing the SW U cf section M, township I 8.
range 2 E. Murray's Township; grant.
Daniel and Sarah J. King to J. B. Wattle*,
lot on N line of Fan Jose avenue. SSO W of Wil
low street. W to by N 130. being lot ! In ■
% of block M. Map of Property Pioneer Home
stead Association. Alameda: IP.
H. C. Kid ' to William P. Bnynton. lot on B
line of Benventie avenue. 231.95 N of Parker
street. N 49. 1« by E U9.4*. being lot 23. block
A. Hlllega." Trart. Brooklyn: $100.
'Builders' Contracts.
Independent Electric Ltxht and Power Com
pany (owners) with Pact3c Rnliing Ml « (con
tractors), architects Reid Bros.— All steel.
v.-rourht and cast Iron work for a sub-statlnn.
on W Iln»» of Hyde street, between Golden
Gate a venae and McAllister street: $1317 U.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARHIVE :
StfAjnfT. From. r-:«
Mackinaw Seattle Pec. S
Coqullle River.. Cray* Harbcr Pec. s
Empire Coon ttay Dec. 5
Cntcent cur. ■ Crencent nty '*•«• 5
I)#l No.rte rrewent City I'«C. &
Aberdeen (Portlnnrt Dec. 5
Portland "Portland Pec. S
Homer lCoo« Hay D«c. »
Arcata Cco« lUy D«c. '
Kxcclslor Seattle D«c. 5
Victoria ....:... Seattle !>•«. 5
A Blanchanl... '"«">« H*y r>«c. X
Aloha TilUm D«c. 5
North Fork HumbolJt D«c. 5
Auntralla Honolulu. D*c. 5
V.'elllnKtnn !r>parture Bay Pec. *
Far.ta Kosa 'San Dleno Dec. <
Columbia IPortlan.l T*c. <
Point Arena.... Point Arena.. r> c . 7
rniatin.i Victoria Sc Pu»et Sound THe. S
San Jo*? . Panama D^.. a
Cno« Day Newport. r* c . i
Alliance .Oregon Port* Dec. t
Pomona Humboldt D*e. «
Orizaba •••■ Vnnrouver Dee. »
Jlatt^awan Tarnnia. T> c . •>
Albion Tlllamonk D^r. 19
Corona «an Dlrico He,., ,>
State of Ca1.... Portland Tj, c . n
America Slaru China and Japan Dee. II
rionlta Newport — D»c. 13
ro sail
'Steamer. Destination. Balls, pier.
Pomona .... Humboldt • ••■•». 2p m pi-r 9
On Sans.... Chlnafi Japan Dec. 5. I pm PMSS
Hcmer Oreiton Ports. Dec. «. 10 am Pier »
Donita INewport Dee. «, »am Pier 11
Arcata Cooa Hay Dec. 7. 10 am Pier li
Coqulltc Rv Grays Harbor Dec. 7. spm
Walla Wall Vie & Pet Sd. Dec. 7. 10 am pfer*'i
Curacao .... Mexico Dee. T. 10 am Pier 11
Ab»rde«>n .. Portland Dec. 8. J pro ...
North Fork llumU.Mi Dec. I. 9am Pier"]
Santa Rosa San Diego Dee. 9. 11 anVPto 11
Fan Was.... Panama Dec. R, 12 m PMSH
Columbia .. Portland .. Dec. », 10 am Pier *l
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Dec. 9. : pm Pier 5
San Pedro.. HumboMt Dec. 9. 4pm Pier 1
Samoa Humboldt Dec. 9. MamlPier •»
Cooa Uay... Newport t>ec 10. Sam'Pterit
rmatllla ..|Vlc& I'lt&i. Dec. 11. l»"mlpi'r »
Corona San Dleso Dec. 11. 11 amlPier 11
Albion Tlllamoolc Dec. II aSn'Her 5
State of Cal Portland D«. c . 11. lttatnipier :*
Tvnc Ball.
Branch Hydrography Offlco. U. B If \r».
g^n'Jber 1 *« *— -t Cat
The tlt.e ball on th« tower of th« new F.«-»
building -va, dropped at exactly noon To-SIT^
I. J-. at noon nf th« ltOth mertdUn? orktl
o'clock p. n '.? Greenwich tlra». 11 * 0 - *at «
Lieutenant Commander, U. s' N CA |n^h\lrl«
Continued on Pag© Thirte«.Haywards, Oakland
HUNTING FOR
HER LADYSHIP'S
VANISHED COIN
Lady Yarde-Buller's
Fortune.
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call.
I*OS Broadway, Dec. 4.
An appraisement ami inventory of the
estate of Lady Yarde-Buller was Wed this
* rt * >rnoon in the Alameda County Su
jerior Court i>rrllminary to more suits
• gainst Ernest Wakenian. who was trus
le« and agent for her Ladyship for some
time, and who dissipated hir esUte. so it
this c - la ° nC BUil Puling in
T hh V a ri'ral»cinent and inventory flied
th.s .afternoon wa« made by Clarence Cro
well. A. M. Benham and J. \V. Evans and
was tiled upon behalf of W. B. Green
luum. the guardian of Lady Yarde-Buller.
Jt shows only the property over which
l ".«u.tit no dl *P ute whatever as to title.
cunßlfrling tnoßify of realty. This property
■'•1 itl i y *■**" *« cu r*"d from Wakeman
-nd the income thereof will now be paid
to orwnbium. as yuardian of the Incom
petent heiress, and he will have to ac
i.'unt to the court for the money.
•im •*- a . KST t« ale oi I* I*-'1 *-' appraisement Ik
Jioi^^atxj. The most lmpurtant piece of
property Is that at the corner of Battery
4*nd l sne streets in San Francisco, which
it- appraised at $vo.u>.tO. That portion of
me old Klrkham oi.itp nt ih«» corner of
Eighth and Oak streets In Oakland which
w«t to h<r Ladyship is appraised at lluth).
while another section <>f land on Fallon
street near Eighth, which came from her
..it her. Is appraised at S2SOO. There are
b.-veral smaller pieces of Oakland prop
« rty which axe valued nt tCZC-0 and a piece
«v land on the corner of Chetwood and
-Mntti streets in San Francisco valued at
s:<V*«t. There l« also J<l3 Si in the hands
*>f the cuardian and household Roods, sil
verware «nd trinkets valueii at J%5 60.
This «... w the face value of the prop
erty, liut does* nut nhuw that the piece at
the oorrnT of Battery and I'lne streets is
mortgaged tor jrw.oou. As far as known
th<- othT properties are clear.
Neither o!o«j» this appraisement and ln-
Iventory thow th*>i«t6 shares of stock of the
Bank of California, which came to Lnilv
Yarde-Buller from her father, and which
V akeman has sold or claims that he h:u»
told. The next move In the cane will be
« *uit to l>e begun against Wakeman by
the ;.■■•■; .in for this stock <>r its value.
The rmlue is somewhat difficult to de
termine, but is *aid to be about $CS/»-X>.
At th.' time that this Mork wa*= sold the
< ;« i s :t :*l stock of the bank consisted of
53.000.000. Since that time 11.0C0.000 of this
i-:<H*k ''•»« been call«-<l in and that amount
divided amons the stockholders. It would
therefore mean that .»<uit would have to
i- br..iUKht for 12s 2-H (shares «>f the pres
ent capital stock and the proportion of
t»>.- fl.<»«O.tfk) division that would have fal
!••!) :.> Lady Yardc-Buller's stock. This
s'rirk i« now worth about Mm a share.
■vY;ik<-man claims that ho sold the li«C
tr.n «>f str.tk for a!)out $T>O.r«.V>. of which
>•;■:. -naif was his fee and the other half
ttiin applied to the use of her Ladyship.
Matter* have now been put in such le^al
*har»e that the untanßlSnc of the fortune
of her Ladyship can go ahead.
_ ■
HONOR Tv> THE
DLB TANTES
Keyes Ball «nd Several
Luncheons for the
Buds.
Thr>» «wrll luncheon!" and a biff ball Is
V. ■■ programme arranged f<»r the edlfica
tlos • f the exclusive fashionable circles
d irtng this wk.
The first of the bljf events takes place
v •:.<>. when Mrs*. James A. Cooper will
give n luncheon at the University Club.
complimentary to Miss Edith Stubby one
o! ih- most attractive of :he many charm
'.:x <\> I. mantes of this t»ea-«on. Mrs.
Cooper has a reputation as a delightful
hnstew anJ it Is said the luncheon to-Oay
will .i<l<l to her »rlor>' ns an entertainer.
Th«? table decorations will \>c something
:. v. ! ::!..] artistic and the nv-nu a triumph
for the University chef. Covers will be
1.-'.M f«.r twenty-live and all the debutantes
will Jx- t':*theft-d around the board.
The m..*t i:r.;«urtant event of the week
bud <i-<ily tJu- most elaborate affair of
lh<- early season will be the Keyes biill to
mnrr^v evenlne at Native Sons' Hall
Four hundred invitations have been issued
f'.r the dance by Wintield Sc<iVt Keyes
aril the guests ar«- asked to meet his
drbutaute djUKht.r. Miss Azalea Keyes.
M:> Alexan<k-r L>. Keyes (formerly Kate
Silll^l>ury^ will assist Miss Keyes U» receive
hor KUests. AmunK the debutantes who
nre to be present are: Miss K«iith StubbK.
Mi*s Oe<irj;ie Hopkins. Miss Mary Scott,
V.ivs Alma McClun*. Miss Ellrsbeth
Jluntinctuti. Miss Mury Josselyn and Miss
Kthel Hairer. Dancing will bestn at 9
■
■
■
-
-
■
I r the
IMPLORES CHINAMEN
TO DROP THEIR AXES
The meeting of the Chinese high
!:-.■■•- held last Saturday night
ba« stimxl up matters In China
town. ■ The claim of the twelve so
cieties that they were not In accord with
th* action of certain tongs in placing a
price upon th<* heads of the eight mer
chants has bf-r-n communicated to the
Consul General. Ho Vow, and he haa
taken lisa matter under consideration. 1 A
jM-tition was also received by the Consul
requesting him to issue a circular Implor
ini; the Chinese n Mdenut of the city to
keep the peace and settle difficulties ami
cnhly. The petitioners desire that He
Vow give official attention to the tmpend-
Urn v.;ir and s!cn posu-rn which are to be
plact-d in con^lcuous places In tho Chi
nese «#«rtlon of the city.
the rir
■
t it l<«n
to this
MORF HIGHBINDERS
LEAVE THIS CITY
Th«* report of the highbinder battle In
Marysvllic was communicated by tele
irraph to this city last night. Imme
diately there wan .1 stir In Chinatown and
memlxTs of. tho warring tongs prepared
to leave for the scene of hostilities. Al
jv>;i.ly liitj hlchblmlers have Korie from thl*
city, ami it is estimated that after ye«ter
<!av'« recurrence at least twenty-Jive more
will go to the assistance of their friends.
When the telegram was received III) •! -
ings of two long* were ■■.•■'■ head
quartern on Washington alley, but what
determination was arrived at ha- not yet
km made known.
DEATH OF REV. J. FRENCH.
OAKLAND. Dec. 4.— Rev. J. M. French,
pastor of the First United Presby
terian Church of this city, died this
afternoon at 1 o'clock, after an Ill
ness of several months. Last May he was
taken down with chronic meningitis,
brought on by overwork. He was given
a vacation, but failing to Improve finally
tendered his resignation, which the
church refused to accept, giving him in
stead a six months' leave of absence.
Rev. Mr. French was a native of Penn
sylvania, aged 55 years. He leaves a
widow, one son and two daughters.
PLEASURE SEEKERS
SERIOUSLY INJURED
Returned Filipino Fighters Thrown
Over a Precipice While Driving
in the Country.
BERKELEY. Dec. 4.— The Sunday out-
Ing of five Berkeley boys came to a dis
astrous ending in a wild plunge over a
forty-foot embankment on the Concord
grade last night. Yesterday morning Pri
vates E. M. Edwards. Payson Klgrss.
Earle Nutting. E. McVra and Arthur Ed
gar, all of the Fourteenth Infantry, re
cently returned from Manila, secured a
double rig and drove over to Concord to
visit comrades living there. It was on
the return trip that the accident occurred.
a muss of earth, loosened by the late
rains, slid down and struck the team as
the boys were driving over a narrow
grude cut In the hillside near the Fish
lunch. The terrified animals sprang over
the side of the prude, and men. wagon and
horses rolled down the embankment to
gether. McVea. who was driving, was
pinioned in the narrow creek bed under
one of the horses, their bodies thus dam
ming the stream, which speedily formed a
pool in which the young man was nearly
drowned before his half-dazed and badly
shaken up companions were able to ex
•ricaie him. After rescuing McVea some
of the party wer.t to the Fish ranch for
help, and tht- party finally reached Berke
ley late at night.
None of the young men are seriously
injured except McVea. who Is badly
bruised about the head and shoulders. He
will probably recover.
GEE GAM. THE MINISTER.
TENDERED A RECEPTION
HIS HOME-COMING CELEBRATED
BY HIS FOLLOWERS.
Rev. Gee Gam. th*- Chinese Congrega
tional minister, was tendered a reception
last night at the Christian Mission. 21 i
I'rennan place, in honor of his return |
from an Eastern trip taken in the inter- j
csts of the society. Gee Gam was enabled '
to make the trip thro the generosity j
of an Oakland lady who defrayed his ex- ;
penses. During his absrr.cr he attended I
the various conventions of the missionary I
societies and collected for the home or
gnnlratlon nearly JSOOO.
The reception last evening was one of
extreme interest and presented an object
lesson in the good .the mission has dune
among the Chinese. Rev. W. C. Pond of
the Hethany Congregational Church was
master of ceremonies. There were a num- '
b«-r of solo? and recitations by the Chi- I
nc?e converts before Gee Gam made tho ;
report of the result of his trip through j
the Eastern States. Part of the exercises
were in the (.'hinesr language, while a
numbrr of the converts i poke in the An
glo-Saxon tongue.
BOHEMIAN CLUB ART EXHIBIT NOW READY FOR EXHIBITION
Wh*n th* flu*h of a new-born «un fell flrst on Eden's rroen anil gold
Out father Adam nat under the Tree and scratched with .1 stick In ill.- mould:
A:..! the flr«t rude sketch that th-» wrorlii had seen was a Joy to his mighty heart.
Till the Devil whUpered behind the leaves: •It!- pretty, but Is It Art?"
—Kipling.
THAT la the Inscription on the first
pace of the catalogue of paintings
exhibited In the Bohemian Club
by the artist members. The paint-
Ings, which cover the entire field of
subjects In oil. have been hung In the
new mum v and are now on exhibition.
The four walls are studded with por
traits, landscapes, studies and life
episodes. Vnusual Interest Is being
displayed arcong the artists and the >
patrons of art. and the -.'ill- of the
paintings, the price of which lias been
tixed and catalogued, ■rill begin on
■Wednesday, the formal opening, to
which the ladles are invited.
The most prominent artists of San
Francisco have contributed pictures to
this exhibition. Some of the paintings
will be hung ii: the green room, not so
much on account of the paucity of
space as because of the number of con
tributions. The exhibition will not bo
concluded until December 16.
The contributions and the artists are
as follows:
H. H. Bloomer— Highland Lake";
"Twilight. California": "In Old Sau
pallto"; "Old Bridge at Gretz.
France": "Evening"; "Winter in the
Forest of Ccnay. Frane<-"; "Win
ter Sketch. California": "The
Plains of Barbizon. France"; "Lake
of Killarn. v"; 'Bridge of the
Doons, Devon. England"; •• Sau-
salito Hay"; "Fog in Coast Range": "On the Thames": "Tennessee Val
ley. California": "Old Hill, France": "A Glimpse of the Seine. France";
"A Pass In the Highlands. Scotland": "Twilight, England"; "010 Church
Door. Greta, France"; "On tho Thames, England"; "On the Colne. Englani":
"Loch Achevy, Scotland"; "On the Tuolumne River. California"; "On the
Thames. England"; "On the rri«n, England"; 'Shasta From Castle Lake";
"Shas'a From the North"; "On tn« Loins"; "Morning on the Seine"; "In
Xormandie": sketch; sketch; sketch.
H. J. :r. ••: "The Desert" (forest of Fontaincblcau); "An Old Road";
'A Gray Afternoon"; "A Street, Barbizon" (Millet's house); "Hill Forest of
Fontainebleau"; "Evening."
F. S. Butler— "On the Lookout": "English Setter 'Rex 1 " (Bode K. Smith,
owner).
G. Cadenasso— "Cherry Blossoms, Elmhurst": "Early Morning, Golden
Gate Park"; "The Strangers": "After the Shower. San Ansclmo"; "Evening
at the Kdge of the Marsh"; "Fogg] Sunset. Goldtn Gate Park"; "Solitude
"Near the Pool"; "A Stormy Mood"; "Foggy Morning. South San Francisco";
"Storm. Alameda Marshes"; "Twilight"; "Early Dawn "
Chaj •- J. Carlson— "Still Life" Urult): "Still Life" (vegetables md
fruit): portrait from life. "Mr. D.": portrait from life, "Model of Sir John E.
Mlllais. P. R. A."; portrait .rom life. "Miss C."
John Willard Clawson— Portrait, "Ex-Governor Budd"; portrait. "Mr. W.
Mayo Newhall"; portrait. "Mr. Fred Greenwood"; portrait, "Mrs. M.": por
trait. "Miss U."
Charles J. Dlckman— "Moonlight on the Grand Canal"; "Ebb Tide."
_ Harry Stewart Fonda— "Wayfarers" (moonlight and gaslight effect);
landscape. "Afternoon": "Land's End": portrait sketch, "W. T. F."; marine:
"Evening"; "In the Woods": "Moonlight"; "Harbor View"; landscape; "Old
Church. France"; "Concarncau, France"; "Marine": "Street Scene. Boulder
Creek, Santa Cruz Mountains" (water color): "Landscape. Santa Cruz Moun
tains" (water color); "A Redwood Shanty, Santa Cruz Mountains" (water
color): landscape (water color); "Fishing Boats, Chioggia, Italy" (water
color.
John M. Gamble— "Evening on the Ranch": "The Milkmaid"; "Sunset":
"Portrait In Blue"; "Spring" (water color); "Waiting for th© Wind" (water
TOE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. DECEMBER 5. 1899.
Alameda County News
THE LITTLE BOY WHO WAS
ARRESTED BY HIS FATHER
T ITTLE Willie Erlckson Is still in the Oakland City Prison upon the
I charge of petty larceny preferred by his father, City Prison upon the
charge «'f petty larceny preferred by hli father. Police Judge Smith
I and Prosecuting Attorney Abe P. Leach have taken an Interest in the
boy, and an effort is to be made to find him a home whore he will be
given an opportunity to prow up without the stigma of a prosecution for
theft against him. !$•?&« • ■
This case Is remarkable not alone for the fart that it is a prosecution of
a child by his own father, but because of the tender years of the boy. He is
not yet 10 years of age. and he is afraid to go home to his rents and afraid
to go to the Whittler Reform School, to which place his father is seeking
to send him. All of the officials at the City Prison and the Police Court
have taken an Interest in the lad, and they are using their jjreatest endeav
ors to save him from a disgrace which might injure him in the future.
When the case was called In the Police Court this morning Police Judge
Smith refused to allow the boy to plead guilty, which he was ready to do.
11. • admitted taking the money from his father, but the Judge refused to allow
him to *-iit»-r any plea, and after letting the boy tell his story on the stand
he continued the case a day.
"Yen, I took the money," said the little fellow, looking up at Judge Smith
and screwing his list into his eyes with the beginning of a Whimper. "I took
the money to get clothes with. I wanted to get clothes enough to be able to go
to school, and I spent the money for Just that. George Wright told me how
to break into the trunk, and we got 520. George took $10 and I took $10.
Out of that I bought a suit that coat $1 25. but it wasn't any good and tore.
1 paid 25 cents for a cap and 25 cents for a tie. and 50 cents for a shirt and .
$1 50 for shoes. Then my brother got 14 60, and the rest I spent at the Stee
plechase in San Francisco.
"Papa don't give us enough clothes or enough to eat. He beats my
mother and throws knives at her. and make* her Bleep out in the barn with
me. He nearly broke her arm last Christmas. He threw one of my Bisters out
of the house, and she Is now working in a family. One of my brothers helps
support the family, and he tried to throw him out I don't want to go to
Whittler. I want to go to school, and I'll be a good boy if you'll let me go.
I won't take anything more— honest. I won't."
The father was around the City Hall this morning, but he did not make
his appearance anywhere during the proceedings. He wants the boy sent
to Whittler.
"The boy. is hard to manage." said Eriekson. "and I want 1 him sent to
Whittier. He steals things and runs away, and I took this step because I was
forced to."
Policeman Kyte was detailed to Investigate the case, and reported that on
the night that the boy was arrested the mother slept out in the barn on an old
sofa, just as the boy stated, and the boy slept under the sofa. The family
seems terrorized by the father, for one of the children was crying for some
thing to eat. and the policeman found a. bag of apples. "Give one of them
to the child." he suggested. "No. don't," replied the mother. "Those apples
belong to him. and he may have counted them."
Judge Smith thinks that a home in the country can be found for the boy.
*
He Spent the Money He
Took for Clothes inOr
der That He Might
Go to School.
color): "Pont Henri IV, Paris" (water color): "Mosque of Sidl-Abderhaman,
Algiers" !w;ittT color); "A Mill Valley Canyon" (water color); "Venetian
h" Im : 1 1 •• t- color).
Chris J.i t: ■ -iihoii— "Venice"; "The Sentinel"; "Alameda Marshes"; "Half
D<>n:<-" (Early Morning); "Evening." San Francisco Buy"; "Clouds on Mount
Bhasta"; "Raining on tin* Bay"; "Bohemian I'amp, Guernevillc"; "Bohemian
Camp, Casadero"; "Just Before Sunrise, San Prandsco Bay* , M l«ooking
Alameda Marshes"; "Tugs at Rest"; "Mirror Lake": "View of Mount
Tamalpals"; "San Prandsco Water Front"; "A Hit of Chinatown": "Foot of
Fourtli Strc-t"; "Along tli« Wharves"; "A Gray Dawn at the Docks"; "The
Iowa": "Road at Cazadero"; ".At High street. Alameda"; "Oil Baldy, Shas
ta County"; "Creekbtt, Bhasta County" ; "Snow on old Buldy"; "Coming
Storm. Bhasta County"; "A Slope on Mount TamalpaLs" "Indian Cache.
mite Valley."
AimrtOf Joullin "The Weaver"; "The Weaver." sketch: "Near the Rio
: "Goldea Rod. N M": "Rio Pi'erco, N. M.": "Vega Canal. Mexico";
kdobe. N. M": "Band I»un«\ Monterey"; "The Old CypreM, Monterey";
"Carvi r of Hieroglyphics"; "Old Courtyard, Mexico."
C. Chapel Judson— "The Edge of the Pine Forest": "Evening. Moss
Beach"; "Showery Weather"; "A Windy Spot"; "At Home Chinatown";
•■< ;• rrn.'.n Hare"; "A Band Verbena"; "Shining Sands": "A study": "On
Point Plnos"; "wood*. Sonoma County"*; "Sunshine"; "N<ar the Ushthouse,
I. i! ' "M tnllght"; "chines.- Fishing Boats."
I P. Lathner— "Road In the Red Woods"; "Autumn In California";
:>t r.n Itii- Grove" <wat>-r color; "Study at Monterey" (water cofor);
"Sunrise, Ps Iflc Grove." twater color*.
Frank McCotnas- "The Home of the Cypress"; "The Spirit of the Cy-
I "The Sunlit Cypresses"; "'Then All finw Droar and Dark"; "La
guna del Rey": "Plying Clouds'; panel. "Evening"; "Sunlight in Mill Vai
l.y"; F-Tty 1 • . Au-t ralia" : "Monterey in the Spring";
"Hawkesbury River, Australia"; "The Fa-Ms at Monterey", "An April Morn
inK. Monterey"; Oaks**; "Leoaa"; "Clouds ami Reflections, Austra
!;.i"; 'I. i Perousc, Sydney, Australia"; sketch, "Bydney" ; "Evening Sketch";
"Pearl city. Hawaii 1 8. A."; "California Hillside"; "The Golden Gate";
"S:in francisco Bay"; "Evening Study. "
Charles RoUo Petera "San PraneiMUlta"; "Mount Tamalpals—Moon
light": "Mount Tamalpais Morninc"; "Mount Tamalpala— Evenlnij"; "Sunset
Glow Monterey M.i- : Study for Abandonado"; "Moonlight"; Notre Dame
de Paris": "Moonrtse Monterey Hay."
C I' UoMnson— California landscape; "Sunset In Yosemlte"; "El Morro";
"The Beach."
John ritanton— "Old Breton Houses": "Shrimp Catchers"; "A Safe Cove";
"Old Breton Church": marine: "Watchlnp for the Boats"; "Low Tide"; "On
the, Cliffs ; "Gloomy Weather'; "A Paiisienne": "Old Flower Woman"; "A
Signal From the Cliffs": "in the Cabbage Garden"; lamplight study; mono
tone — "Old Mill": monotom — marine; monotone — marine; monotone — marine;
"The Ston.i"; "A Quiet livening."
M. Slraups— "Ald< -r drove, Marin County"; "Tributary to San Lorenzo
Creek"; "Prolific Pence Corner"; "California Fruit"; "Lazy Man's Yard":
"A Cheap Bnack": "Dream of the Dome"; "The Dead Monarch"; "The Sen
tinel Oaks"; "Profile Rock"; "Carqulnes Straits— Sunset": "Monarch of the
Peak, Colorado"; "Among the Live oaks"; 'Ruxton Creek, Colorado"; "A
Tribute to Gunnison, Colorado**; M Rlpe for the Harvest."
Thad Welch— "Poothills «.f Tamalpais"; ''Road to Holinas"; "December In
California"; "Rainy Day In Ste*j> Ravine"; study of oaks. Mill Valley; "Au
tumn in Oregon"? view in Portland, Oregon; "T.iinalpals."
Theodore WTores Portrait; portrait; portrait; "The Garden of Glnkn
jukl. Kioto"; -iris Garden, Hori ICiri. TOklo"; "A < hrysanthemum Show,
Yokohama"; "Wistaria Garden, Kameldo, Toklo"; "View of Kioto, Japan";
"A Poem"; "Under the Wistaria, Kameldo, Toklo"; "Street In Ikao"; "A
Japanese Garden"; "iris Garden. Hori Kirl. Tokio"; "Tea Booth Under the
Wistaria. T-lorl Kiri"; "Peach Blossoms"; "Shark River. New Jersey."
Kniil ('arisen— Still life. "Brass Jug"; "Dawn, Wimbledon Common";
"I-ands< ape at Kew."
The contributions by non-memners are:
Mrs. Oiga M A< kerman— Portrait. "Gertrude"; portrait, "Mrs. E. OS.";
portrait, "Mr. L, A."
R T. Aitkin— Figure. "Art Lured to Bohemian": relief, "The Young Moth
er"; relief, "Yin"; tigure, "Narcissus"; figure, "Conquered."
Alice B. Chlttenden— Portrait (owned by Captain William Taylor); por
trait in pastel (owned by Mrs. L. P. Latlmer); "Chrysanthemums"; "Esch-
Bcholtzla."
Paul de Longpre— "Rasket o f Flowers": "Matllija Popples"; "Spring
Bong"; "La France Ros.-s."
M M. Proallch— "Ballet Girl"; "Ballet Girl"; "Study of Ducks."
Julia Heynemann— "ln the Woods"; "Evening": "Pools of Shadow";
"N«;;r Pescadero" "sketch): "A Gray Day" (sketch); "House on the River"
(sketch); "On the River" (sketch>
Angela Jorgensen— "The Smokers"; "Gun Rack."
II iry T. Menton— "Guards of the Forest Redwoods"; "Glenwn^d To
kays"; "Pajaro Pumpkin."
Orrln Peck— Portrait. "Mrs. F G Sanborn"; portrait, "Janet Peck";
"A Bavarian Garden"; "A Love token."
Mnry Herrick Robs— "Chrysanthomumd"; "Primroses."
Alberta K. AN heelan— "A Chinese Roof Garden"; "Good Morning"; "A
Consultation"; "A Happy Model."
Berkeley, Fro it vale
SHE BEQUEATHED
MUCH WEALTH TO
OAKLAND'S POOR
Will of Mrs. CeceliaA.
Higgins Filed.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
90S Broadway, Dec. 4.
The will of Cecelia A. Hlggins. widow
of the late Captain Ellslm Higgins, was
filed for probate late this afternoon by
Albert H. Hlggins, the only son. who la
named therein as executor, and who asks
fur letters of administration. The con
tents of the Instrument ■will prove an
agreeable surprise to many, and again re
veals the charitable traits for which Mrs.
Higgins was noted. Mrs. Hlggins died
November 25 last, leaving an estate val
ued at about $100,000, of which she dis
poses in the will which is dated July 22,
UN, witnessed by Kate E. Uowell and
W. H. Chlckerlng." the latter of the law
firm of Chickerlng. Thomas & Gregory,
who appear as attorneys for the petition
ing son. • .' .
In the will many grandchildren,
nephews and nieces, as well as churches
and charitable organizations, arc remem
bered. After directing that all just debts,
expenses of last sickness and funeral, be
paid as soon a* practicable, the follow
ing bequests are made:
To th.- Y. M. C A. of Oakland, $2000;
Y. W. C. A. of Oakland, $1000; trustees of
the First Baptist Church of Oakland,
$3000. to be held perpetually as a fund Tor
the poor connected with said church, the
Income therefrom to be collected semi
annually and so apportioned as the trus
teen deem proper; Ladles' Home Mission
ary Society connected with the First Bap
tist Church. $1000; Ladles' Aid Society of
the same church, $1000; California Baptist
College in East Oakland. $5000; Methodist
Episcopal Church Extension Society of
Oakland, Berkeley and Alamrda. $3000:
Relief Association of the If. E. Church
of California, $1000; Fred Finch Orphan
age, $2000; to each or the children of
James and Emma I. IliSKins of Berkeley,
$100 each; to (Vila A. Higgins. daughter
of J. Florence Hlggins, $200; Cleone Hlg
gins, son of Florence Hlggins, $100; Mi-.
Helen Gllam of Berkeley. $500, and to
each of her children $100: Walter P. Hlg
gins of North Berkeley, 1600: and his chil
dren $100 each: children of B. F. Hlggins
of Fort Bragg. $200 each; Mrs. Hepsy
Higgins of Qulncy Point. Mans, $500. but
In the event of her death, to her daugh
ter. Ella G. Hlggins: Georgle U. Higgins,
wife Of Albert H. Hlggins. $1000; to Al
bert H. Higgins' daughters, $500 each;
Mrs. Anna Gale of Santa Rosa, $1000;
Mary E. Macaulay. wife of Rev. J. P.
Macaulay of Eureka, $2000; Mrs. Nellie
Hobart. wife of Rev. C. H. Hobart, pas
tor of the First Baptist Church, Oakland,
$2000; Daisy G. Higgins. $10,000.
The residue of the estate is bequeathed
I to the son, Albert H. HigKins.
ALLEGED FORGERY
BY TWO PORTUGUESE
Pedro da Almeida, ex-commandant of
the Portuguese Fiscal Guard at the
Azores, and Jose da Rosa, a former rest
dent there, have been arrested on com
plaint of Alfredo de Costa Nunez. 300 X
street, Sacramento, on the charpe of
forgery. Almeida appeared in Jur»^e
Mohan's court yesterday and Da Rosa in
Judge Seawell's court, and both cases
were continued until to-morrow.
It Is alleged that on the strength of a
forged document purporting to be signed
by Da Rosa's father, the defendants con
spired to get various sums of money from
Nunez. The document Is a curiosity and
Is as follows:
nERIA. St. Georze. May. 1897.
I, th' undemUtned. declare that I am respon
sible for whatever amount my son. Joi>e da
Bum, will borrow, under the following; condi
tions:
Flrst— lfi the case of sickness, whatever he
m«y need, according to the gravity of the
snine, which I hope to God will not happen.
S-»cond— For hi«t paseace to this Island.
Third— ln case that he will find himself In
great necessity I hereby ask that money be
loaned him to the amount of $&0. for which I
will be urt-atly thankful
Any centleman who will have the kindness
to make such advancement shall notify me by
Kenling me his note, together with my son
receipt, in order to let me know If he wants
this money paid here to his family, If he has
any. or In what locality of the United States
of North America he wishes it to be paid.
The persons excrclslnc such exalted generosity
wl'.l I- duly considered by me and I will ap
preciate such favor as If done to myself.
The witnesses of this document are the most
DEATH OF JAMES G. DOW.
OAKLAND. Dec. 4.— Jamea G. Dow.
the father of City Attorney W. A
Dow, died at the home of the City
Attorney, UN Twenty-third avenue,
this mornlug. The death wai rather sud
den, for he had been sick but a few days.
Hla advanced age of M yeuta made resist*
ance to sickness imposbible.
Mr. Dow was a pioneer of 184». having
crossed the plains In that year. He was
one of the early settlers of Butter County,
where he mined for many years. Later
he engaged in farming in that section,
where he remained until ISS7, when he
moved to Oakland. He leaves a son, City
Attorney \V. A. Dow of Uaklai.l. a
daughter. Miss Minnie Dow, and many
waim friends.
SUES UNFORTUNATE
HUSBAND FOR DIVORCE
OAKLAND. Dec. 4.— James D. Mc-
Donald, who is being sued for a divorce
by Edna O. McDonald for desertion and
willful neglect, appeared In court to-day
and by consent waa ordered to pay his
wife $15 for costs within ten days. Ali
mony and counsel Em IN waived. Tho
defendant, who was formerly a ship
calker. deserted his wife in UM to try ola
prospecttt In the Klondike, lie returned
without fortune and almost lost the sight
of both eyes In the frozen north. The wife,
however. Is not desirous for a reconcilia
tion.
■ *> i ■
Pioneer J. M. Hutchins Lectures.
At the Academy of Sciences Hall lust
night J. M. Hutchlns, whose name is well
known in connection with the discovery of
the Yosemite Valley, and the books he
has written on Its wonders, lectured an
der the auspices of the United lirother
hood, on "Trips In the HiKh Sierras. '
The lecture was illustrated with stere
opticon views.
prominent Inhabitants of this town, the follow-
In^ sentl»*men:
Jcme de Huuza de OUvelra. Manrel r« Axe
vedo Bettencourt. Antonio S.uxa de Cunha.
JOSE \n.is'->i DA KOSA.
Ministers' Meetings.
Rev. E. E. Clarke read ■ paper before
the Presbyterian ministers yesterday
morning on "Have Wo Too Many Minis
ters?" He contended there were not. and
gave some strong reasons In support of
his contention.'
Rev. Joseph Olscn addressed the Meth
odist ministers on "Spiritual Generation."
Rev. Dr. More, editor of the Christian
Advocate of Cincinnati, was present and
delivered a short talk. The Baptift min
isters devoted their morning session to a
discussion of church reports. a prayer
was offered at the meeting of the Occi
dental Board of Foreign Missions that
Congressman Roberts be not seated by the
House of Representatives. Rev. James
Rowell addressed the Con»rre«;ational
ministers on "The Need of a More Faith
ful Presentation of the Truth of the
Bible."
Non-Sinkablc Boats.
The latest Invention for saving life come*
from London, and Is a non-slnkable '-'at. If
people would pay as much attention to the
preservation of life in other ways, there would
be a great Improvement. llostetter*!! Stomach
Bitters Is a life preserver, discovered fifty
yearn ago. It cures dyspepsia, indigestion and
all forms of stomach trouble. - It is an ex
cellent tonic for. the whole system and may
be had from any druggist.
JBEECHAM'S PILLS
; taken at night will make you;
• feel right, act right and look
} right They cure Constipation, *
♦ lOcents and as cents, nt nil drug stores. 4
I ■».»■*■* ♦■«...» 4
«^^%^%.-%^*^^-^-%^^%^%^%^»
4vBi« DR. JORDAN'S great i
{huseoh OF ANATOMY^
\ fcf The Ijrci-.t * -' meal Muteura in the \
0 ««A>v Wof "^ Weitacrj er any tmtr«tf«d A
JL, jhs-rH «li»ea*e sw^lllnrlyrmradbjrlbeoJaiil T
V igral bpecitUwraibsCottb E»Ly3y;itv ■
1 tfS^fft 0R J ORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
\ F«SI&S t-e.i*ultsttoo frfc and «tri< tiy p.n»j«r V
Q I jSvf II Trt i!n»en» pci%on»Uf o» by letter. A m
\UW \ln '**"•• Ov« <» every caaeaaicftaaaa. T
aFll lltA Write for Bock. rniLOSUl'nVtl i
"II I' »ant»i*«ir. wailed p*sn. <AT
A U Ij valuable took for tuml \
7 OR JUBDA.N *«O. 1061 Market «t.,S F. f
!VIADE T ME A MAN
sip** AJAXTAbLirf?POSITIVELYCURB
»/ "H JlLLXmrrett* Disrate*— F»iUqi Mam.
Iv -•*) or '« Blr*pi«««n.v». etc., caused by orer
'9 .XI wor ? * nd lcdiwi-etion». They qulckln
S <**» °" d «Mre/v restore Lost Vitality in old
'A IV °* Touag. and tit a man for study, boil-
ijjh'TW"*" or pleasnre. I'mient Insanltrani
TSrVfaiXS'Coa«arsption if taken in titan. Th«r
dm •bo«simmedlat« improTocieat and effects CURS
where all others fail. Insist o<>onhuTin«thegijnoioe
AJaxTabl«ta.Tna7ha.Ta cui»<l thomands and will
Hire too. yv« glre a positive written guarantee to of.
rect aen re la caae or refund th» booct. Price
Su PtQ **' p ?5 k)Wt !\ S"L tt 1 * r*cka«-5 [fall U«at.
JULIO, man*.) for 83.60 b/matl.lnpUls wia.
apon rec«*li.t ofi.rie». Clrcafrrafren. Wl °'^^
AJAX RET/iEDV CO.. 7nr>e*rboni«t.
For sale In 8. F. by Lelpnlti & Co.. No Per-
centage Drug Co.. Owl Drug Co., S. F.. Oakl d.
>?B».DEWtY.STRONGaCO.^"V
V- ftp ATENTSI J
Vra^33o MARKET ST. SI. Vat«^
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
FOR THE CURE OF GONORRHOEA,
Gleets, Strictures and analogous com-
p'-V.ts of the Organs of C neratlon.
Price SI a bottle. For sal* by druggists.
Wilt's Indian Vegetable Pills
ARE ACKNOWLEDGED Ui *HOUBAND3
of persons who have used them for forty
years to cure SICK HEADACHE. GIDDINESS.
CONSTIPATION. Torpid Liver. Weak Bton>
acb. Pimples and pur: , to* blood.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
EARTERo
SICK HEADACHE
l*o«ltivcly cored by tlicso
Uttle Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepelft,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
I feet rezntdy lor Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste In the Mouth, Coated Tongue
j Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowel*. Purely Vegetable.
•matt Pill. Small Dose.
. Smart P?Ico»
♦ ©♦o*O-JO-tO4 os-O»O-*OJ.O!0»0*O'-
§VI£HY IS HEALTHFUL! I
♦ a A Natural Mineral Water %
0 jyH with medicinal qualltlos, o
0 JHL 'or Indigeitioa and o
o -^ ; ;kV Stomach Disorders, o
1 jflj®m So called VICHY?
♦ y*?^B IN siphons z
f^S'iMVICHYI
♦ Jgf^9M Get the Genuine %
♦ a^a^^s^^^aiß^^t^t^^B^^B^^B ®
£ PU*>i "> V .•'\4Mlbbl 4,
% A. VIGNIER. Distributing Agent*
♦ O»0»O»O-»O»Q»O •. C «-Qi>O»O»O^O»
S^§DH. HALL'S HEINVIGORATOR
t^Wl F»vo hundred reward far any
ft cas« wi cannot cure. This secret
[.I . V remedy »toi>i* nil looaes In **
UTvJ f ~> . v houn, rurra Cmlaalona. Im;>..-
\TivX fTfTI* 1 ** r ' c l r » Vartcocele. Oonorrhoea.
■M ty' Oleet. FUs. Stricture*. Lo«t
,»,<(__-'.'• Manhood and all wasttnc tfTerta
*■ — ' of s-lf-al ii"- or exceise*. t>eat
fal'.l. J2 bottl«; 3 t. -iiiri. I.*; guaranteed t.
cure any cat* AMlr— « HAIX'S MKDICAL IN-
HTITI'TE. «.*» Urrjariway. iMkland. Cai. Alj">
for xale at 1073H Market at.. S y. All private
«11« xi qulrkly rumi. Perni fi r fr» N.ok.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
jw^ Steamers tear* Broadway
fjgfcy- wharf. San Francisco:
To(*£^sv° Fur AU»kan i"rt«. 10 a m..
t^^Si^* 11 ' X> '° 2 - "• i: - l - "• Ti - Jin '•
J muZj"- '■'^\ chance tn company's steam-
• \B&St£A \ii!l tr, »» Seattle.
f£i£>->^7M For Vi.trr.i. Vancouver
• 1*!1 *! Ui. C>, Port Townaend. 8«-
attle. T»o ma. Everett. Ana-
corten and New Whatrom
(Wn-h). 11 a. m.. D«. 1. 7.
after' chance »t battle to this company- «
ff.f^.,.?nr Alaska and O. N. nn # y.: at Taroma
?o V P nr at Vancouver to C. P. Railway.
For Eureka VWtttnboWt B-X). 1 P m Dec 5.
10 IS. 20. >?. V J * n - *• an<i • Y€ry atth d "
rTMt. Monterey. Pan Wmeon. Cayu-
rt Harfof I
, enemr San P»dro.
£."!%« P..l* «I- W>-> «»J N.wj«t. •
!„,. ; « M H. I*. *>. J«n- *•
and every fourth day thereafter.
For Pan Dleco. stopping only at Port Har-
ford (Sun I.uls ObMp«). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Aneeles and mglßgO «Los Anneles). It
i m We «. 8. i:. l«. W. :«. at J«n. 1. and
•very 'fourth day thereafter.
For Fn-ena-la. Mardalena Bar. Ban Jok» del
Tabo Mnxatlan. Altata. I.* Pas. Santa Ilosa-
ll.i and Ouaymas (Mm.), 10 a. m.. «th uf «acb
For further information obtain company's
folder. . .
The company reserves the richt to enana;*
without previous nolle* steamers, sailing dates
»M »">iir. '•f «<»l1lne.
TICKKT OFKIUB— 4 New Mont«om«ry
strret Unlace Hotel). •
GOODAL.L PF.II KIN'S * CO . Gen. Act* .
10 Market it . San Francisco.
THE 0, R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
:p o rtla Ist
Firm S'-venr-ftreet Wharf at M a. m.
CADC * 12 FlrM Clo "« \lnclu<lln« Rert»
IAIIL 88 Second Clu-.ii and Meals.
State of California... Falls D«c. 4. 14. 21. Jan. 3
Columbia Sails I*>c. 9. \9. »• Jan. S
Short Line tr> Walla Walla, Spokane. Datte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all point* East.
E. C. WARD. General A rent.
Ctr> Market at.
GOOPALU PERKINS A m..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
KEW TORI. SOUTHAMPTON. MOW, PARIi
Stopping at Cherbourg, wrstbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 19 a. m.
gt Paul Nov. v Pt. LouU Per 13
S»t. Louis Nov. a' Ft. Paul Dec. J7
St. Paul Dec. • New York Jan. 3
RED STAX LINE.
New York >n 1 Anrw:r».
Fmm New Tork. Ever lay. U boob.
Frlenlan-! .
Westernland ...Not. UlKiieslMM DM P
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawspn City.
For full Information regarding freight and
pa*sag« apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVKJATIOV COMPANY.
30 Montgomery »t., or any of Its agenrtes.
Rates and sailings for 1300 now ready.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Hrani.an streets. 1 p. m..
fnr YOKOHAMA an.! HONOKONO. calling at
Kobe (Htogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Horn* with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received M board en day
of sailing.
AMERICA MARU Thursday. Dee. ft
HONOKONO MARU Tuesday. Jan. IS
NIPPON MARU Friday. Feb. >
Via Honolulu. .
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's of See.
4:1 Market >tre«t. comet First.
W. 11. AVERT. General Agent.
®||HMsa The 8. 8. Australia
ilaßavHiß. aalla for Honolulu
VWrSmwmm Wedneevlay. Deo. 13.
JV^IT^N b - s - Tlpo.a sail*
JStranrchinJ rl » Honolulu and
CytCaillJillU- Auckland for Sydney
<B^R?.PU- Wednesday. Dec 17.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Pamoa. New Zealand. Aaotralla. India. Suet,
Enrland. etc.; {810 first class.
I. 0 SPKSCKELS & BROS.CO.. Afjh, 114 MontqonMr)
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Frei*;hiO:nce.3Z? Market SL
COMPABNIE OCIfEIALK TVAIfSATLAHTIQCI
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. «-a*»»
Sailing every Thursday Instead of vZJ<3Q>
Saturday. from November I. ISW. at v *^=*
10 a. m.. from Pier 42 North River, foot ef
Morton st. LA NORMANPIE. Nov. II; LA
GASCOGNE, Nov. 23: LA TOURAINE. Nov.
30; LA nnETAGNE. Pec. 7. Flr»t-ctasa to
Havre. |t0 and upward; 5 per cent reduction on
round trip. Second-class to Havre. $15; I p*r
cent reduction on round trip. GENERAL
AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA. II Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. Ft A 7.1 A CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. '. Montgomery »v- Fin FrnncUpn.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMtRS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "MontlceUo."
HON. Tuea. Wad.. Tiur«. antl flat at 8:«»
a. m.. I:U. S» P m. Ifx. Thura. nlcht). #*rt-
day*. 1 p. m. MM I:)": funiayj. 10:10 a. m.. 1
p m. Landing an I eMct, M!«.«!oa-iitr««t Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main IMt.
FARE Ma
1112
lAS FRANCISCO CALL.
nrFTNT.FS OFFICE if the Fan Francisco
Cnil. ecrner of Market an.J Third streets, open
until it o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— r.J7 Montgomery street.
«"crrer Clay; 1 pen until >:S0 p. m.
JW> Hay™ meet; < pen until 9:30 p. m.
»::• McAllister nrw.t; open until 9:39 p. m,
Clf lAtkln itrect: open until 9:30 p. m.
:.*1 Mlsilon street; open until 10 p. m.
:: r : Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
cr.tll 9 p. m.
10« Eleventh rtreet: open until I p. m.
Jf'M Valencia ftreet: open until I p. m.
iri'3 Polk street; open until 3 p. m.
Ncrthmcst comer of Twenty-*econd and Ken-
turky Hreets; <yn until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Cliapter No. t. R. A. M.. m
w;;i in.-e| THIS iTULSJDAY) EVEN- /V
INU. Pec f. ut 7;*< o'clock. SlatedV'Sr
meeting aiiJ M. M. degree. By order' V 1V 1
cf :U, H. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
IioLDUN GATE I«>dge No. SO. F. and m
A. M. -Annual meeting THIS <TUEsi- Jk-
I 'AY) KVIiNING, at 7:50 o'clock. IX
mXI. J. HOIUS. Sec. /▼ *
PACIFIC Lodge No. 13G. F. and A. M.. •
121 EJd> St.— AnnunJ stated meeting
JHIS LVENING. 7:80 «.'c! -ck. X_X
QEOnaE PENUXGTON. Sec. /V x
ORIENTAL isAxe No. 144. F. and A. m
M.— Annual meeting for election of .«A»
- ■;■■■ -'- ■ Ml* « ; I'KSIUI -K\ KMN*:. >CX
at S ■•■: - k A. .S. HTHitAHP. .Sec. />T>
J!A<;N"I.I.V I,^ne No. 2. 1. < >. O.
F. Members please j:i«:.1 n:i
!r: ;■::.:.! m eting THIS . iI'KS-
PAY) I.Ti;.MMi. Initiation and -^»»^
election of cificers. C. J. UN. N. O. '
SAMUEL I«OLACK. Secretary.
SERVIAN - MONTENEGRIN ll I
er.d B. Society— All officers anJ jf jrQy>
members of the above n.x-lety _ypf>^
are hereby notified to attend *2S^\F?n3
their regular :.,.:.::.:>• and nuza- tSt»«*-i?l
lnatlon meeting WEDNESDAY Rftlinni
BVBStSO. Deomber 6. 1&H». at L3Wir3v7]
7SO o'cl,K-k sharp, at 10 Call- SXtfAiJuSf
t rnla St.. to rurulnute officers *^v"^.s^
for the ensuing year tIXX'). By
order or
M. K. rABO^ President.
PPIRO 8. VUCOSAVLIEVICH. Secretary.
AUSTRIAN Boaevolent Society— Offl- ~o
cers and m«-mt>em: You are hereby FttflftA
: tifli 1 to .:•..! your quarterly tlfUjit*
i ■■•:.■ r on WEI N'ESDAY EVEN- Ptj^i
ING. Pec. «. at 7:20 o'clock. Nor- *•**
lnatlon of officers fur coming year; also dona-
tl -m and i.. ;•;-..:. r; will take place. By
<rder n< .1. L. UAPOYICH. ITes.
AUGUST MIKULICII. R*c. Sec..
A O. H.. PIV. No. 2-The. regu!ar*^>e*,
monthly meeting of this division will \_ J
1* held at Hlbernla Hall. 120 Ninth » I
rt.. en TUESDAY. Pec .'. IKSI. at ••SOfCVf^
X> m. Delinquent members are notl- »^I3»
fled that settlement must be made at this
meeting; X BOt their names will be dropped
fmm the roll. HARTLEY LEE. Pres.
T. L. CLANCY. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting— Regular annual meeting of
tl c stockholder* of the Paauliau Sugar Plan-
tation Company will l.c held at the offlce
til tue company. 227 Market rt.. in the city
and county of San Francisco, en SATUR-
PAY. the 2d day of I K-veml»rr. IS9». at the
h^ur r 'f 1' o'clock a. m., for the purpose of
electing a board of directors to serve for the
ensuing year and the transaction of such
■ •■■■: huMness as may come before the meet-
ing. Transfer bo t 4cs will close on Wednes-
day, November 12. IS:>9. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
The nS^ve advert !ff>d meeting of the Paau- ;
fcnu Sucar Pinnintlon Comj any ts postponed
until THUIISPAY. I December O. 18>'.«. at 11
r Vl.rfc a m. F. 11. SHKLPON. Secretary i
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. KING, sixth floor. Chron-
icle bulMlng; no advance charges; all cases;
ti-tnfs. m "TiKHCex. <!:im;ig«s, collections,
bankruptcy; will?, etc., drawn; moderate fees;
rail or write.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty: private;
n<» fee without auccees; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. sr.O Market, cor. Stocktn.
NOAH~F. FLOOdTTs; Market 'rt.roi'pT~M~a7oa;
< T.mltal!. n fr»-c; moderate fees.
F. H. MERZRACH. attorney at law. has re- !
rumed practice at M 3 Cal. st.. Clunle bldg.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels building. 527
Mark<t; consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free; n<» charge unless successful. W.
W. PAVIPSON. 1-27 Mark<t rt.. oip. Mnson.
DICYCLC REPAIRING.
TROB. H. B. VARNEY. Market and Tenth.
HAMP.LF.R ANI» IPEAL BICYCLES.
REPAIRIXO A BPECIALTY.
DOARD AND ROOMS.
EPPY. 125— I'nlted States Hotel; rooms $1 T.O
UH.-K v;'. with bnard I* :■<*: suite f->r two with
r.'.*rd. Ill: b'iard. $4 week; meals.. 2ic; ele-
vmiat runs all night.
NEW family hotel: flrst-class In alt appoint-
ments; excellent table. SO7 California st.. oc-
cupying corner opposite Grace Churrh.
•'BELORAVIA HOTEL." P"lk and Clay-SulT
ny suites; best board: Tor 2. $45 up; single. $20.
LAP PALMAP. 1-rO Market rt.— Suite of 2 or J
rms.; private; bath; sin. rms.: board optional.
IX>NGWORTH. r-2 Geary-Large suited bath,
for 3 or 4 Kentlenien; excellent table board.
nm.Oflg T'"» lniin or. diamonds, watches. silver, se.-#-
iklns. pianos, guns. Unrle Harris, ir. Grant ay. ;
O'FARRELL, 70-Lanr* sunny fmnt momi;
pood lv m» cm klnc: bim sincle rooms: $10 up.
DOARD AND ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— Room rr r<vim and board for stu- |
d'l'.t near «'. illppe ff physicians nnd Surgery,
Fourteenth pt. IVx 1461. Call offlce.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
FCIIOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged. ■
Hrln.es n»k Cn. . Tf'4 Mt-slrn »t.. ne»r Third.
BOOTS VM> -HI
CHILDREN'S lac* thoes. 7ic. iic. $1; school
►h'«-». 71c: ladles' shoes. $1; boys' shoes, 95c;
men's *hoe». $1 25; men's embroidered slip- i
|>ers. Oc. People's Shoe -■ •■■ 1303 Stockton.
BOOTS and shoes mi>de to order from Ist-clasi
material. $« to t?: repairing cheap. H. SAL-
NINKN. 441 Bu>h st.. formerly with McNulty.
HI vim CHANCES.
A^iSoTREPTAURANT in mining town~of"4oW
inhabitants; daily receipts $20; rent $35; a
bargain. R. G. WILKE. iX Market st.
A— $4000; CORNER grocery and bar; choicest
location; rent $40; doing a large store .•d bar
trade; »t<.<k all frenh; a rare opportunity.
Call 11. G. WILKE. ft* Market st.
A-4J1300; RESTAURANT close ta Market and
.">:.-•. rts. : doing a rushing busine**; place
••leKanUy fitted up; worth double the money
ftfked. Cail It. G. WILKE. X* Market st.
A-$ f 'M>; PORK and delicacy store, doing a
Urge and, fl»t-rlass paying business; • rent
DO; the very best location; owner must sacri-
fice on account of ether Investments; a great
tvrgaln. Call R. G. WILKE. M* Market.
A— PARTNER wanted, restaurant, to attend
cwh rourit'-r ami lieip in general; $75 per
month tuarstiteed; prefer partner to hired
h-lj>. STENHERG OU.. 26»» Kearny it
A- J^«(7~RESTA U RANT: the finest possible;
N-M paying nurth of Market; meals 20c; ee-
t .i ..■!.'.: for years; >>;•:• :.■!!. l chance fur man
and wife. STHNBERG CO.. SC^ Kearny st.
A-:275: SALOON; 2 blocks of Market: 3 newly
furnished rnf.nii; handsome bar nnd back bar;
vulue In slpht: owner sick; must sell. STEN-
BEUG «X».. iC>- Kenrny st.
A^»4r«ri?oiiFESHOETNO shop; best .ration
In city; ertat.!l>h«-d 10 years; clears over JlOO
a month; full value In stock; owner owns
tba building. STENBEHG CO.. 264 Kearny.
A-14'O; CANDY store and factorj'; Western
Addition; living rix-ms; will well by Inven-
tory; best Cam trade. HEALY. *17 Market.
ALFA 00. will exchange, buy or »»11 your
iTslnets cr i»roperty quick. JuJ Hark ; *t.
nttt-GBOCERY and bar; easily worth $1000;
fine ptm-k: *o<kl location: 3 nice living rooms;
rent $27; bargain. JONES CO.. BCS Market st.
FOR sale— Krt taurant In one of best business
rarts nf city: fine opportunity for right party;
no agents wanted. For lurther particulars
address C. H.. box 1222. Call race.
ACTIVE man to take retiring partner's place;
small capital; otttce businc**: no night or
Funday work; experience unnecessary. 83i
Market H.. nom A. . .
J7OO— CORNER gn>cery and bar; good location;
all fresh stock; 4 nice living ro.im*; rent $20
Call McLEOD 4 HATJE, tit Market st
IJDO— FOR -«!e. a -class candy and Ice-
crwitm parlor*: very cbeap. 503 Second st.
JIIS-FRUIT and vegetable store-. Itt Oak at.;
a bargain^
GENUINE bargain: no agents: old established
•aloon for «ale; wholesale district: cheap
rrnt: must be «eld: good reason. Apply at
. 11l Montgomery aye.. carpenter shop.
FOR rale-Hay, grain, wood and coal business.
with horsei". wagons, harness complete: good'
location. Call or address 3130 Sacramento st.
ll.'iO-FRUIT and grocery store; good location;
living rocrr.a: rent lit. 412 Folsom st.
jv—- OYSTER and chop house; a bargain. 307
Grant aye.
yiESTAURANT and encphouee; newly furnl»h-
fC; dolnc good business. ArvW » r*ollt st.
TWO-CHAIR barber shop; must cell Immedl-
ataty on . count of Blcknes*. SOtVs Brtxlerlck
st. . near Oak.
111-SINESK CHANCES—
$250— CORNER saloon: 2 blocks from Market
St.; low rent; established place: good busi-
ness; worth $400; Investigation allowed. M.
LESS. 7C5 Market »l.
$IW— GROCERY and bar. with 3 living rooms;
good location; r*nt only $13 per month; rare.
bargain. M. LESS. 765 Markt-t si
$2(iO— PARTNER wasted In manufacturing busi-
ness to drive wajun; plant worth $10u0; old
e*tablUhed: prefers partner to hired help. |
M. LESS. 765 Market st.
$tOC— CORNER grocery and bar; best part of
Western Addition; value In sight; best class
cash custom; rushing bar trade. M. LESS,
7«5 Market •!
RESTAURANT— Good place for man and wife;
dally receipts $12 to SIS. 216 Manon st.
$250— RESTAURANT; CO chajrs; must be sold
at once; cheap rent; 4 living rooms connect-
ed; no agents. Apply at 412 Keamy st. ; cigar
store.
OLD established shoernaking shop In country;
Si for business. Inquire Sl9 Devlsa-
ero at.
i $23.006— F1NE business party; good Income;
flats and stores. Box 1236, Call office.
WANTED— A good restaurant outfit. Apply be-
tween 8 and 6, 227 San Carlos aye.
FOR sale— Good fruit stand: 3 living rooms;
cheap. Apply 130 Eighth St.
10- ROOM furnished house cheap; good location
for physician. 3u3 Eddy st.
SALOON doing good bustners; bargain If taken
* at once. 411 Bush «t.
SAI>OON for i«ale; on East st.. near Market.
Apply Jackson Brewery.
SHOP for painter, plumber, carpenter; rent
and m. re In work. WM. HENDRICKSON
& CO.. 614. Call building.
GOOD planing mill and lumber yard In this
city for sale. Box 1490. CaM office.
CIGAR More and fixtures with Call agency for
sale; reasonable; good location; rent cheap.
Box M 74. Salinas. Cal.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from OEO.
W. CABWELL A- < " S. 412 Sacramento st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and '
eubscrlptlons has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken- |
tucky sis Open till 9p. m. I
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions baa been established at 109S Va- j
lencia st.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
FINE top buggy, almost new; business buggy,
new; business wagons, new, suitable for dry
goods stores; rockaway. KB Harrison st.
BUGGY, with pole or shaft, $20; business
! wagon. $2- rare chance. ISSI E'My st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. KG AN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts, !
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
CARPET HEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work '
send to FPAULPING'S Pioneer Carpet-
l>eating Works. 3T.3-3£7 Tehama st.; tel. S. 40.
SANITARY Cleaning Co. for health and square
dealing. 342 McAllister St.; tel. South 146.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. SS-40 fcth st.; tel. South 2.'.!).
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson st. : tel South 228; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter ft.;
• tel Main 3*4. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid nt 3c.
BTRATTO.VS. 3 Eighth st. : tel. JesMe M 4.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 249 14th
st.: cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74 |
CONKLIN'S Carpet -beat Ing Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.: telephone East 126.
CLEANING COM POUNDS.
UTICA cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing; a sure
cure tor poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR,
Agent. Office and factory. 21 Spear - '■
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. PR. CLARK.
tlie well-known trance medium, may be con-
sulted on all affairs of life. While entranced
rhe reveals every hidden mystery; she will j
sh.iw you how to overcome your enemies; re- '
move family troubles; retore lost affections: J
unite the separated; recovers lost or stolen I
property: locates minerals; tel!s your entire j
life, while In a perfect trance; satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; send stamp for circular
with special terms. MRS. PR. F. CLARK,
205 Turk St.. near Jones. Home Sun. and eves. ,
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. 1104 Market st.. trance,
test medium; life reader and medical clair-
voyant: treats all diseases; sittinK* $1.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller; best advice In difficult mat- ,
ters. S Hayee *t-. room 7. second floor.
335 MCALLISTER— Test meeting to-night; your
future nnd letters read; good mediums; collec-
tion: Wednesday at 2.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and canl
reader; 2jc up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission, j
ATTEND Mm. Dunham's circle of truth: 2. 8 .
p. m. 14 McAllister, room 3.1; admibMon 10c. j
MRS. MAINLAND'S tert circle. S p. tn.; sealed {
letters read; 10c; sittings daily. 34 Sixth st.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
ntght. 6u5 McAllister; lito; come, skeptics.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader. German spoken. 921 Mlnslon.op Mint.
MME HANSON, card reader and palmist; !
I-ast. i r— • nt and future. 25c. 148 Sixth, r. 12. I
EDWARD EARLE. Independent slatewriter. j
330 Ells St.; circle Sun. and Wed. evenings.
C V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance. |
£ p. m., 25c 409 .\enworth st.
MRS. DRESCOL, card reader, palmist. Room |
1. lOC Sixth st. j
MME. 7.EREDA. of I Seventh St.. Is the origi-
nal gyps) life reader; readings, 2ic.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 2r.e; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 212 1 , Sixth at.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; buMness
advice: names given: He up. 5 Fourth st.
YOUR future told by cards, Be. 1024 Sixth St..
10 a. m. to 8 v. m |
MME. SYBILLE— CradIe to grave; future hus-
band's T'lcture. 2-. lad:-". 'AX Fiirr-*.. St.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE TV. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market St.
~~ COTTAGES TO LET.
$S-COTTAOE of 3 rooms; yard and basement.
Ut Ivy aye.
V>— NEAT cottage; 4 rooms; yard; 1705 Turk
street, near Scott.
$10— -WINDOW cottage: 4 rooms; water
free: 107 Collins street, near Geary.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors. 927
Market St.. over Cafe ZSnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
<r chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the best and Boat artistic
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from $1 up. other fillings from 60c;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain; plates that fit
from $4 r.O up; flesh colored plates from $3 50
up; teeth without plates a specialty; open ,
evenings and Sundays.
A NEW anaesthetic for painless dentistry—
Eynol, on application to the gums, removes
the pain: see our flesh colored plates; thinner
and stronger than rubber; warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings. Me; crowns. $3 50; plates,
full pet. $5; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. SO9 Mar-
ket st . cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$S M) up; plates, extractions free. <■ 50 up; of-
Jlce hours. S a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
PR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'FarreU St.. ex-
trocts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder- i
ful secret method: crowns. $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible platen, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
VAN VROOM— Paints extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years: lowest prices; 10 op-
erators; no students. 997 Market at.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market st., near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable: gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush;
full sot of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
SET cf teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk ■•.
OHIO Dental Parlors. Inc.; * graduate opera-
tor*;open evenings and Sundays. fJO Market.
LOWEST prices in E. F.; work warranted 10
years N. T. Dentists. <XT Mission, cor. Cth.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
S. F. Drescmaking. Ladles' Tailoring Parlors;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
ItcDOWRLL Dressmaking School gives a prac-
tical course; pat, cut: positions free. 103 Post.
PARISIAN dressmaking. IS7 Geary; dresses
made. $t up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kind* pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Poat,over O'Connor * Moffatt.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 5. 1899.
EDUCATIONAL. ; "
HEALD'S BUBrnesiTcoiTege' 24 Post St.. *8.~F.7
practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.; new $o-page catalogue free.
ALL official reporters of this city advise stu-
dents to go to Gallagher's Shorthand Insti-
tute, Parrott building: be wise; follow their
| advice; be thorough; life scholarship $60.
MISS M. G. BARRETT Is unable to fill all de-
tnands for her shorthand graduates and de-
vires more pupils; lessons personally and by
mall. 302. Montgomery St.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.. con-
ducted personally by Mr. and Mrs. Ayres;
life scholarship WO. includes all branches.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING school.clvtl, electrical, mining,
mech., survey, assay, arch!.; day and even.;
est. 1564. VAN DEI! NAILLEN. 933 Market.
ACTING and vaudeville people put on stage.
Hallett. Lyceum Theater. 310 O'Farrell at.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busi-
ness College. 305 Larkln St.. opp. City Hall.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught:
prlv.orclass. Barker's Academy.927 Mission st.
PRIVATE lessons by expert bookkeeper; most
practical method. 1234 Bush st.
LAW schools. 927 Market. 8. F.. and 905 Broad-
way. Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
START right and the end Is In sight. PROF.
MERKI. violin, mand.. guitar. 1008 Mission.
BOOKKEEPlNG.nrlthmetlc. grammar. writing;
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mlsslon.nr.6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter; tel Black 1321.
FIELD'S Employment Agency-Help furnished
free. 666 Clay St.; phone Davis 881.
JAPANESE Information bureau; Japanese and
Chinese help. 421 Post; phone Main 1986.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
heal help. 414H O'Farrell St.; te). East 426.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. OAKI. 30 Geary st.: tel Grant 3b.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires situation:
can give best of references: also first-class
German second girls desires situation; city or
country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Butter st.
NEAT colored girl desires situation; good cook :
and houseworker. MISS CULLEN. 225 Putter, j
NEAT young German girl desires a situation |
as nuiacgirl; first-class German second girl.
b«-st city references, and a first-clans cham-
bermaid and waitress, hotel or boarding
house, want positions. Apply to MISS H.
«'. 1. 1. 1N AN. 223 Sutter St., phone Main 651. I
WOMAN wants work In small private family;
good plain cook or will assist In general
hojsework; references. v .: Bryant st.
YOUNG woman wants house cleaning nnd
washing by the day; $1 and carfare. Call at ;
1024 Mission Et.
GERMAN middle-aged woman, lately arrived;
Is a good cook and housekeeper. 2031 Fill- j
more Bt.
STRONG Young Swedish girl wishes to assist In
general housework and plain cooking. Apply
10 Thirteenth st., upstairs.
WANTED— Position by neat respectable lady as ;
chambermaid; state wages. Address to MRS. i
W. R. 8., general poatofflcc, San Francisco. j
ALL-AROUND cook and help; can take chef's
place or full charge of kitchen: English,
French and German cook; first-class pastry;
Brat-claaa hotel references. 242 Natoma st.
( FIRST-CLASS German cook wishes work in
I hotel or boarding-house; city references. ,
"S Jessie St.. near Second.
GERMAN woman wishes washing. ironing and
housecleantng by the day. Call at 65 Tehama
pt., between First and Second.
DRESSMAKER and seamstress, good fitter,
sews 75c a day or $4 a week. M. M., box 1463,
Call office.
A YOUNO nice Irish girl, understands German-
American cooking, desires general housework, i
references. 41i> Powell st.; tel. Main 5332.
WOMAN wishes position to do general house-
work. Kl9 Webster st.
■ WOMAN wishes work by day. M Mission st.
i GERM girl wishes situation to help In gen-
eral housework'; wages $12. Apply 539 Utah
St.. bet. Seventeenth and Eighteenth.
A WILLING German girl desires a steady
place from 7 a. m. to 3 p. m. 418 Powell st. ;
tel. Main r.332.
RESPECTABLE American woman, no Incum-
bmnce. desires position as housekeeper, com-
panion or any position of trust, capable, dili-
gent and faithful worker; city or country.
Address J. A. S.. box 1483. Call c.'flee.
j GERMAN woman would like to do house clean- I
ing; $1 and fare. 711 Howard m., room 7.
I
RELIABLE woman wishes to go out to work
by the day or nurse. Address Sir, Alabama
st.. between Twentieth and Twenty-first.
GOOD dressmaker wishes to go out by the day;
i terms $3 per day. Call or write, 1424 Market
' St.. room 7.
I YOUNG lady wishes position as companion to
old lady or take care ol children. Call 430
Tehama at.
PERFECT German cook desires place In small
family. Call at IMC Broderlck st. j
. LADY wUhea plain sewing and mending to do j
at home. 150 Fourth st., room 7. j
j $100.(W0 TO loan on diamonds, watches.silver. seal-
1 rklns. pianos, guns. Uncle Harris, If. Grant ay. :
i RESPECTABLE German woman from East ;
! v.ovid like situation as housekeeper for aged
I couple or lady or gentleman; care for lodg-
I Ing-house. 17 Verona place.
| GOOD pianist, quick reader, wishes evening
work; reasonable. Box 1434, Call office.
I DRESSMAKER from New York will make any
style trimmed suit for $4; high-grade work
and perfect fit. 220 Eddy st.
SPANISH lady desires situation at do any
kind of housework: wages $15 to $20 a month.
Please 'call 1519 Taylor st.
STYLISH dresses made for »4: also children's
dresses; reasonable; all work guaranteed: will
go out at $1 25 a day. Call or address 539 -
Fourth st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar- '
ket: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 so right: $1 50 to $6 ;
week: convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from terry. I
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st. ]
A BRANCH Office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky fts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offl.-e for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. : open until 9 p. m.
E M PLOVMENT WANTED MALE.
RELIABLE sober Eastern man with several
years' California experience as private family
man; understands care of horses* cows, gar-
den and fowls; also orchard and general farm
work; wants steady position with responsible
party, where honesty and industry will be
appreciated; good refs. Ad. H. P., 417 Powell.
FIRST-CLASS butler and waiter from New
York desires position In club, private or
boarding-house; references. Address box 1227.
Call offlce.
, SITUATION wanted by first-class gardener and
florist; make himself useful about place; sin-
gle. Address J. 11., box 1458, Call office.
COMPETENT cook. English. French and Ger-
man cooking, Wishes position In private fam-
lly or hotel. Box 1427. Call office.
WANTED— A situation as fireman on station-
ary boilers. Address box 1445, Call office.
WANTED— Position by a first-class engineer
and amalgamator who understands concen-
t rating; machinery, etc. ; references given.
Address box ]«•'■•>. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man desires a position as
nurse or Indoor servant; good references.
Address M. W.. box 1228, call offlce.
POSITION as clerk, salesman or collector; ref-
erence, security and experience. A, Call
j office. Alameda.
STEWARD or chef, thoroughly understanding
his department, with wide experience; good
reputation; sober and economical. GEO.
STALL. Russ House.
EDUCATED gentleman, professional nurse, !
desires position as private secretary and at-
tendant. Box 1451. Call office.
ITALIAN or French cook, employed for many
years in Florence. Rome and New York,
wants position in private family or boarding
house; bert reference. CAVALUNI. 61»B
Montgomery aye.
i _ ,—, —
GARDENER, practical In all Its branches,
good reference, wishes a position with pri-
vate family. Address J. W.. 1029 Willow st
Oakland.
ELDERLY man wants position as bookkeeper
or assistant In office work: long experience;
references and security given: salary ex-
pected $40 per mo. Box 82. Call. Oakland.
CAREFUL and reliable married man wishes
employment in wholesale or retail store. Box
1413. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a man as gardener,
hostler or to do general work around place;
city or country: reference. Box 1352. ■ Call.
BAKER on bread and cakes wishes position.
1002 Harrison st. . J
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches.sllver. seal-
sklns. pianos, guns. Uncle Harris. II Grant ay.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for the re?eptlon of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10* Va-
lencla st.
EXPERT OITICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE German expert optician.
10714 Market st.. San Francisco: exam, free.
EXCHANGE.
GOOD renting Oakland property for ranches.
J. H.-EDSON. 1209 Broadway. Oakland.
FLATS TO LET.
FLATS 4 and 6 rooms each: rent reasonable.
t and 84 Dearborn St.. off Seventeenth, near
Valencia. ■
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed list
you get from BALDWIN * HOWELL. 10
Montgomery st.
MCALLISTER. 1129— Upper flat. 7 rooms, with
light and urn; reasonable to gocd tenant.
MODERN fiats; Just finished: I and 7 rooms:
bath; basemt. ; yard. 1929-1937 O*Farrell ; reas.
SUNNY lower flat. : rooms, bath; yard; water
free. 1744 Folsom St.; rent $13.
SUNNY rial of 4 rooms and bath. 414 Hyde
street.
SUNNY bay-window flats. 7 rooms and 2 kitch-
ens each; first and second floors. 417V4 Third.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, silver, seal-
skins, pianos, guns Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
TURK. 520 C —Lower flat, 4 rooms, bath; yard;
basement; rent $13: no children.
$16 50— 6-* ROOM flat: 1006 Minna St.. off Elev-
enth: hot and cold water.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
BEAUTIFUL sunny upper flat, furnished. «
rooms, bath: ch»ap. 14'- > Sutter: call 11 to I.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
NOW reduced to KM; must go this week; fam-
ily called East desires to sell newly furnished
7-room flat; very desirable as to location,
building, neighborhood and quality of furni-
ture. £92 McAllister St.; afternoon or even-
lng.
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, all sizes. $2 90; j
I heavy matting. lie per yard: 30x60 Inch rugs.
11. Eastern Outfitting Co., 1310-1312 Stockton
st. near Broadway; open evening.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $45 M, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. Th* Weekly Call.
IK pages in wrwnrer. for mailing. $1 per year.
FURNITURE TED.
W. E. COD~Y"7la7e~with T 3. T. Terry _ Col) buys
furniture, carpets. 7:: Mission; tel. Red 3353.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays I
the highest price for your Id-hand furniture. I
WANTED— SSOOO carpets, furniture, etc; highest i
I price paid: postal. M. Sllversteln. 1121 Market. \
FL'RRIERS, FURS, ETC.
ELECTRIC seal capes. Astraknn yokes. $10 to
$20. ROUT. WALLACE. 115 Kearny. top floor.
HELP WANTED — AGENTS.
JUST out— New Peerless Gasoline Lamp; easi-
est lighted; most satisfactory; knocks all
competition; agents coining money. Peerles*
Lamp Co.. 218 Railway Ex. bldg.. St. Louis.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
A- TWO German or Swedish cooks. $30 each:
cook, American family. $3<>: laundress, >mal:
country hotel. $20. fa:- paiJ: cook for men.
$30, country: housework, Ban Rafael. $23: Oak-
Innd. $25; Stockton, $25; Onk'lale, $30; Menlo,
$30. 3 In family; nur.-i-. Be Ita Cruz. $20; 2
nurses, city. $20 each; French lady's maid. $1
per day, sleep home; young girl to take care
one child. $15: 4 second girl*, city and coun- ,
try. $20 and $25: 3 chambermaids and wait-
resses, $20 and $15; woman with a child, $12.
city. MISS CULLEN. 325 .-utt.-r st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 GEARY ST.
10 waitresses, hotels, country and city. $20;
chambermaids to watt. $20; lunch waitresses,
$3 50 per week; 3 waitresses, city, $20; laun-
dress, city. $20.
FAMILY ORDERS
Want to-day (Tuesday), 20 girls for choice
pieces. $25; German cock, $30; German nur*se-
Klrl. $14. Housework— 10 girls to assist house-
work. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— ParIor maid and waitress, $25; sec-
ond work and seamstress, $25; German or
French nursery governess, $25, country: 7
cooks, German style, $23. $30; cook, plain
wash. $30. American family; Scandinavian
second girl, $20; North German nurn- and
second girl, $20; cook, hotel. $25: hotel wait-
ress. $IS: chambermaid and waitress, $20; a
large number of girls for housework. $20 and
$13. city and country. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Putter ft.
HOTEL cook, San RafaK>l. $30; Kennett. $25; 4
b ar.llr.K house cooks, city, $30 and $25; 20
housework girls, city and country. $30. $20
and $15; 4 second girls, $25 and $20. MISS H.
CULLINAN, 323 Sutter St.. phone Main 651.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for light housework,
short distance, see party here. $12: 3 cooks.
$23 each; second girl. $15; 10 houseglrls. $ii a nl
$20; German nurseglrl. $12. MRS. NORTON,
313 Butter
STRONG Christian girl for general housework;
wuges $15. 2712 Folsom rt_
GOOD waitress wanted. Apply at 29 Fourth
I street.
EXPERIENCED cook: family of two adults;
good wages, city references required. Apply
furrn 2 to 5 p. m. Tuesday. 3346 Washington st.
WANTED Neat girl: assist light housework
and care children; wages $S. 705 Ellis Ft.
TWO good experienced vestmakers. 1303 Web-
ster St.. cor. Ellis.
GIRL to assist In housework: sleep home; $12;
car fare extra. 1108 Fulton st.
GIRL to ccpy addresses; must be rapid pen-
man. Address in own handwriting to box
1462. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS alteration hands at A. CAIL-
LEAU, 114-116 Kearny st.
WANTED— Waitress, between 12 and 1 o'clock.
617 second st.
YOUNG girl wanted to help mind baby. 1562 i
Post St.. near Lacuna.
STENOGRAPHER owning machine wanted to'
exchange light services for fine office. Box
1437. Call office.
GIRL for general housework. 2112 Stelner st.
COMPETENT girl for general housework; good
cook; steady place: wages $20. 417 Central
aye.. near Hayes st.: carfare.
WANTED- Help in kitchen in restaurant. 11l
Turk st.
YOUNG girl, company and help care children;
wages $." to $7. 611 Eighth st.
i GIRL. 15 to 18. to assist light housework; sleep !
home. 242 Taylor st.. basement, after 12 o'clk. :
WOMAN or girl, general housework; $15 to $20. I
Call 1064 Third st.
GIRL to assist In private family. 373 Lexing-
ton aye., near Valencia and Twenty-first.
WANTED Good finisher and apprentices on ■
custom coats. Room 78. Donohoe building.
YOUNG girl wanted to assist In light house-
hold work; small family. 1536 Sutter st.
WELL experienced young lady for candy store.
BCHAEFER'B. 22 Sixth st.
WANTED— Experienced waitress at 126 Ninth
i St.; call early.
GIRL wanted for general housework and cook-
Ing. 636 Baker st., near McAllister; refer-
ences required. ' -.;■-■
GIRL to assist in general housework and bak- |
cry: no children. 311 C Sixteenth, near Valen- ;
da.
GIRL for general housework. 3443 Twentieth
St.. cor. Capp. ■ ;;%;
WANTED- An apprentice at vtst making. Ap-
ply at 517 Jessie st.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches. silver, seal-
skins, pianos, guns. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
APPRENTICES en shirts and overalls, paid !
while learning. Standard Shirt Factory, cor- '
n«r Gough and Grove sts. |
WANTED — good coat finishers and 2 but- j
tonhole makers and apprentices. Apply 133 '
Natoma st.
GOOD finishers on custom coats wanted at 304
Tehama st.
LADIES' cloaks, suits, $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co.. 1306 Stockton, nr. Broadway.
CLASSIFED advertisements and subcrlptlons
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and j
subscriptions has been established at the '
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
• HELP WANTED — MALE.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main sMi
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT TO-DAY. 7 A. M ••
Farmer and wife, see boss here. .s4s and found
16 farm hands $26, $23. $20 and found
Stablemen, chore boys and men
6 CARPENTERS $3 day
Gardener and farm hand $23 and found
16 teamsters. 2 and 4 horses. .sl 75 and $2 day
124 woodchoppers and tlcmakers. $2 50. 12, $1 50
cord, 10c, 12c each. MURRAY & READY, C 34
and 636 Clay st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT PIANO PLAYER
9 cooks $45 $40 $35 $30. $25 and found
Heal waiter. $23 and found; 2 waiters. $25.
$20 and found; cook, private family, $25 and
found: boys for stores. MURRAY & READY.
654 and (UG Clay st.
SEE BOBS HERE
15 woodchoppers, 4-ft. pine $1 cord
Shingle bolts. $1 25. $1 It cord; 23 tlemakers.
12c each; tools and food found. MURRAY —
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 GEARY ST.
Teamsters and stonemasons for the Coast
Road, free fare; 20 farmers, different ranches,
$20 and $26: blacksmith. $40 and board; wheel-
wright, $35; miner, $2 50 a day; chore man,
$20.
Head waiter, hotel. $30 to $35; steward. $35;
waiter, $30: same country hotel; waiter, coun-
try hotel. $23; restaurant cook, $65: fry cook.
$50. C R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
WANTED
10 woodchopp*T«, $1 per cord, good wood: 5
shingle bolt makers, $1 23 and $1 M; also tie-
makers, tools and pro\'lelons advanced
6 woodchoppers for Santa Clara County, $1 25
per cord f.^;V.'.. . . "• » -j -^
waiter, country hotel $2- >
cook, country hotel •**"
farmhands ranch teamsters and others
W. D. EWER A CO.. 610 Clay st.
WANTED— Tlmberman for mine. $2 8 a day:
12 quartz miners, $2 50 a day: a first-class
American gardener. $30. must have references;
2 farmers: buggy washer and harness cleaner.
$30; third cook. $35; oysterman. $3.=>: cooks.
waiters, etc. See J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628
Sacramento wt.
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINjS.
Employment Secy., €30 Market. downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Employ-
rent. H. Bernard, Sec.. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 151
BOYS from 10 to 14 having large acquaintance
and wishing to make money after school hours
address at once box 1229. Call.
COATMAKER or vestmaker can have nice seat
room. 104 Kearny st.
WANTED— Second cook; short orders; W. «80
Fourth st.
WANTED— man who understands nursery
work and Jobbing gardener. 500 Halght St.
BOY over 15 to make himself generally useful
In wholesale house: $3 a week, with opportun-
ity to learn office work. Address In own
handwriting box 1439. Call.
WANTED— A sober experienced bedmaker: $18
and room. Apply at 10 o'clock. 149 Third st.
SOLICITORS— 2 reliable men to solicit mer-
chant* and office men; can make 13 to $■"> a
day. Room 645. Winchester Hotel. Third st.
cail between 1 and 3 to-day.
WANTED— Strong boy for shooting gallery.
Call 443 Dupont St.
HELPER on cakes wanted at 3S Fourth st.
>v wanted. Stalls 1 and 3. Union-square
Market^
ERRAND boy wanted Immediately at 509
Kearny st. ■
GOOD Italian barber wanted; steady work.
Address box 12.".". Call.
NIGHT cook wanted. California Cafe. 17-19
Powell st.
WANTED— WaIter at 617 Sixth st. .
WANTED— Expert mechanical draughtsman;
temporary employment. Add. box 1464. Call.
GOOD locksmith and general hand; tools; ref-
erences. 607 Mission st.
WANTED— Strong boy. 16 or IS. In drug house;
chance to learn the business. Address, with
references, box 1231, Call.
AN experienced dishwasher wanted at 389
Hayes St. ■
WANTED— Shoemaker on repair work. 9394
Mission st. __
WANTED— Good restaurant cook and dish-
washer at 1221 Market st.
GOOD barber for evenings. Saturday and Sun-
day. SUVa Third st.; wages.
WANTED— GirI to assist In family of 3. Apply
$09 Mason Kt.. near Pine. (
WANTED— Reliable man for a permanent
place In light genteel cash business: will pay
$75 per month; must have $150 cash. Apply
1016 Market st.. room 10.
WANTED— men to go whaling; no ex-
perience required. L. LEVY. N. E. cor.
Battery and Jackson.
OLD man for milk ranch. Apply immediately.
J. KENNY. Silver aye.. Mission road.
TAILORS — First-class operator wanted for
country on ladies' tailor suits; must be rapid.
accurate, understand pressing; good wages.
Apply to STEIN. SIMON _ CO.. corner of
Second and Market sts.
100 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 162 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
SMART Industrial Insurance man. good con-
tract: 12 to 1 p. m. R. RALPH. 511 Montgom-
ery st.
WANTED Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third Kt.: 150 large
rooms; 23c per night: $1 to $2 p<-r week.
BARBERS- hotel barber shop in the
center of this city; reason, death of proprie-
tor; must be sold: rent $25. For particulars
call on H. SCHEUNERT. 927 Market st.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches. silver, seal-
skins, pianos, guns. Uncle Harris. 13 Grant ay.
WANTED— IOO men to try our 15c breakfast,
dinner or supper; best In city. 406 McAllister
St., near Polk.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired; constant practice; expert Instruction:
lectures on dermatology: Saturday wages;
call or write for free Illustrated catalogue.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. C 35 Clay st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c to
Wo. HI Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d «ts.
SEAMEN, green hands and ordinary seamen,
at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
PENSIONS I. H. BHEPARD * CO.. actor-
:: — neys. Hearst bldg. Third and Market.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S.
F. Barber College. 741 A Howard st.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices,
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
MO SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 15c and i.V
per nlclit. Llndell. 6th and Howard: read. rm.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth.
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night: reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. ; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — Sale
FOR sale— On.* dark bay pacing mare (can
par* under 20). & years old, over 15.3 hands
hlsh. weight 1075 pounds, sired by Truman
(2:12), dam by Le Grande, price $200; also
almost new leather-top buggy, Studebaker's
make, harness, etc., price $125; also gent'a
double-seated road cart. Frazler's special
and harness. $30: must be sold. Inquire 347
Fremont st., rear.
40 HORSES for tale; also wagon, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
I .127 Sixth st. auction sales every Wednesday'
SULLIVAN A- DOYLE. Auctioneers.
THE place to get bargains In Ormonde
Stable. 1517 Mission st.; auctions every Tues-
day. 11 o'clock. 8. WATKINS, Auctioneer.
10 HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1621
and 1C25 Market St.. between Twelfth and
Brady; also some fine matched black teams.
HORSES wanted; cheap; for fertilizing pur-
posrs. etc. Postal. G. B. L.. box 1434. Call.
j FOR sale— 6-year-old horse of 1150 lbs., at *333
Mission st.
HOUSES LODGING — FOR SALE.
MONKY to loan. | Insurance cut 23 net!
i:i :0 °A Taylor, nr Eddy. $35.'; Mission and 4th
$1050; 20 r.. nr Chron- $1500; Ml r .. near Mason
. •£!•"• , , M **>: downtown cor '
$2700; clean and pay- 1
Ing.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
A— 32 ROOMS; sunny corner; price 1900 I?
C. DECKER. fig) Market si H-
sl7". SNAP; 14 rooms: north of Mark. all
rented; rent $30 month. BASILE. 3 Eddy st.
rA . RT rr v W ' SBM-^S 8 M-^ tO . >c " »<**«nir-house see
BASILE. 3 hddy St.; new cash buyer dally.
14-ROOM house. Hyde ,t.. near Ellis; rent $60-
nicely furnished; price $450- (must sell) c
V. DAVIS. 1104 Market sC '' '
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED li«; houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A M. SPECK & CO.. Mr, Market st.
HOUSES. FLATS.
1541 Taylor $50 00'9A Sixth. 6 r.......532 50
3324 Twentieth 18 00|1337 Howard. « '.. 19 00
1716 Mason 20 00i643 Guerrero, < r... IS 00
RENT -House 8 rooms and bath; large yard
and big basement. 3*4 Eureka St.; key at us
Eureka St.. near Twenty-first.
6- ROOM house: $8: painter or caroenter can
pay rent with work. 401 Greenwich St.. cor
near Kearny. •
HOUSE hunting made easy with the PP r n f
list you get from BALDWIN & HOW ELL.
10 Montgomery at.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds. watches. silver, seal-
skins, pianos, guns. Uncle Harris. i: Grant ay.
BROADWAY. 1905—6 rooms, bath, laundry; fine
marina view; rent $20.
LACUNA. 1715-1717— Two sunny modern houses
of 8 rooms nnd hath ench: newly papered.
LOST A.M» FOUND.
$25 REWARD— Lost, a small fox terrier dog
on Wednesday night on Seventh. bet. Market
and Howard. Return 22 Moss St.. grocery.
bet. Sixth and Seventh. Howard and Folsom.
LADY'S gold watch; Initials K. O. L on case:
Thursday afternoon. Nov. 30. I o'clock, wait-
ing-room, ferry: reward. Return to Call.
LOST— Wedding ring and photo scarfpln. Re-
ward at Jewelry store. I!'".'. Market st.
LOST Black chiffon collarette. Sunday eve..
bet. Howard and Twelfth. Jones and Market:
reward. 1548 Howard st. _____
LOST— GoId locket and chain. Liberal reward
If returned to THOMAS MAGEE, 5 Mont-
gomery st.
LOST— Round gold watch fob; valuable In con-
nections to owner; $5 reward. 2014 Lnguna.
STRAYED away, plumbing wagon. Return to
address on wagon and receive reward.
LOST— and white greyhound bitch.
Return to 327 Golden Gate aye.; reward.
LOST— Black and tan dachshund pup 4 months
old; reward. 817 Market st.
FOUND— Gray horse; owner can have same by
proving property and paying expenses. Ap-
ply WM. SAVAGE. «49 Bryant st.
MEDICAL.
DHB. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialist,
formerly of 401 Van Ness aye.. 1362 Market,
has returned from Europe with Improved
methods and advanced knowledge: cure at
office $s; warranted; 15 years' successful prac-
tice In S. F. Office. 118 Eddy St.. near Mason.
MRS. DR. WYETH. ladles' physician; consul-
tation free; home for patients In confinement
or with chronic diseases; guaranteed treat-
ment at office. $5. 942 Post St.. between Hyde
and Larkln: hoi' -a, 10 to 6, 7 to 8.
PRIVATE home for patients In confinement or
chronic diseases, with best possible care.
MRS. DR. GWYER, 610 Eddy St.. bet. Hyde
and Larktn. Office hours— lo to 12. 2to 4 and
7 to 8.
PRIVATE confinement home; sunny rooms:
best of care: nice garden: medicated steam
baths for ladles. DR. and MRS. WEGENER,
phone Pine 2781; res.. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR. POPPER, ladles* physician for 37 years;
call on a physician with man's knowledge;
cure $5: consultation free. 319 Kearny st.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 122S Market; ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated; late sclen.
title methods; cure guaranteed; treatment $.".
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' physician, 1122 Mar-
ket st., bet. Mason and Taylor; guaranteed
treatment at office. $5: hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1025 Market St.; hours. 10
a. in. to 5 p. m. : at residence. 228 Van Ness
aye.. 5 to 9 p. m.; guaranteed treatment, $5.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 1111 Market
St.; every case guaranteed; $6 up.
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist. 1023»« Market st.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason gt.
JUNES AND MINING.
W. F. ARAM, wining attorney, room 40. lib
floor. Mills building. 8. F.; tel. Main 844.
RICH Cape Nome claim on branch of Russell
Creek: one-half Interest for $300: by young
man In Immediate need of funds; full detail
on application: excellent opportunity 'or party I
going there. W. F. ARAM. Mills bldg.. > F.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, Id-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
St.. above Sixth.
AT less than cost: uncalled-for suits and '
trousers to be sold at Charles Lyons', the
London Tailor. 721 Market st.
Caution— Be sure you go to the right store.
721 Market St.. In the History building.
Charles Lyons has nothing to do with any
other store In the block, his name being In
full over the store (CHARLES LYONS).
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planers, lathes.
Iron & wood; 2d hand. J. BURKE. 139 Beale.
FOR sale— l horsepower Westlnghouse electric
motor. 110 voltage, with speed regulator; used |
little: splendid order; price low. Apply In
Ceylon Tea Co.. 1143 Market st. |
A VIOLIN box and bow for $7 50; worth In
any music store $20. UNCLE HARRIS, _
Grant aye.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
A WITHERBY wood lathe complete, almost
new; great bargain. EPSTEIN, >>• Mission.
FOR rale— Pedigreed Great Dane pupa. 305
Thirtieth st
BA FES— New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes:
specie chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc The
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market at.. S. F.. Cal.
FRESH snowballs— "T. Carr" and all brands
English fire brick, fire clay, brickdust. S. R.
CHURCH. 307 Sansome st.; tel. Main SOU.
8 HOISTING engines. 3 steamers. 5 locomotives.
110 cars and all machinery used on Eureka
Breakwater. J. B. JARDINE. 220 Fremont.
EDISON Concert Phonograph, price reduced to
$100: concert records. $2 60. BACIGALUPI.
••33 Market at.. San Francisco.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and told. W. C BENTHAM. 813 Wear st.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop- I
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. nr. Pine.
CLOSING out of 300 new and 2d-hand heaters
and ranges; from $1 up. 213 Fourth st.
DRESS pants. $2 75: fine suit. 110. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 613 Montgomery st.
FOR Christmas presents call on SORENSEN.
reliable Jeweler, 103 Sixth st.. below Mission.
i'ND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. H. S. White. 616 Mission.
BUYS, sells, rents gear machinery, boiler*.
water pipe; new.2d-hand. Whltelaw.2l6 Spear.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. Worm Pills: by all drug- ,
gists, or Dog Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye.
SAFEP— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st
BARS, counters. shelving. showcases bought and
sold. EIHEN. Hl*. Mission: tel. Jesuit lIM.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— Jeweler's polishing lathe (second-
hand i. 1711 Polk st.
WANTED— GoId quartz rock fit for Jewelry-
s22 per ounce for gold In It. 323 Bush St., 3d
floor, room 4.
WANTED— To hire 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B.
STONE. Elmhurst.
LADIES' and children's cast-off dresses bought
and sold. J. Sllverman. 984 Folsom. nr «th
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without re- '
moval: no commission; no delays J. NOON-
AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission st.. above SUth;
telephone South 14. .
AVOID delays; try all others, then see me; $50
to $100,000; 6 per cent; Ist. 2d or chattel mort- I
gages, estates In probate, undivided Interests In
estates, legacies and mortgages bought: advice
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan, «3« Markt.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent, first, i
second mortgages, estatea In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, life Insurance; chattel i
mortgages, confidential: advice free G. E.
OLSEN. room 16, first flcor. Chronicle bldg.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist. Id and 3d mort- *
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro- !
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where, R. McCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 816 Market
st.; tel. Main 1644: Branch 19 Third st.
ON real estate, Ist or 2d mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos: no removal: any amount:
lowest rates BECKER. 26 Montgomery st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds, ,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. M Sixth;
highest price* for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and '
pianos: no removal; low rates: confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
On furniture and pianos without removal, quick
service: money direct: lowest Interest. Rooma
68 and 69. Donohoe building. 1170 Market at.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AT 12« Kearny. room 9. a respectable and pri- J
vate place to borrow money on wmlches. di*.
monda. etc.; lowest rates; tak» elevator.
$snoo TO lown on furniture and plan* at 2 per
cent WINSTON ft CO.. l^S Market st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
I ndomer. MORRELL. M Examiner bldg.
TO salaried men: without collateral or Indorsee.
S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
ALL propositions, small or large: aalarl-i.
rents. KLOTH. 220 California at., room 7.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates: Ist and Jd mortz- :
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; m
commission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister «».
IF your property Is mortgaged and you ncr •
more money see H. MURPHY. <*» Market >•
~ MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AGAIN we remind you that you should pur
chase your medium and low-prlccd plan %
where they can be exchanged for a St'!nwar
within three years and have full I - ;..i«.
price allowed. We an» selling new upright
pianos for $'*• per month, and some cu>l
pianos for $3. $4 and $5 [••■' month. -!i :
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway Dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Ball sts.. San Franclnco;
corner Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
ABrOLUTELY the oldest and largest bf .
west of Chicago Is KOHLEIt & CHASE'S
26. 2S and 30 o'Firrell St.: piano*, organs an*
all ether musical Instruments of all gr»<l-i
and prices; terms eaay; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy t&»
customer.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styl'i. KOH.
LER A CHASE. JO O'Farrell st.
ALL makes for a short time only.
$4. $4. $4. $4. $4. $4 per month.
2 Chlckerlngs. 2 Stelnways. 1 Vns#» * So«« nj
tlfty other slightly used high »-. ! meittaa
grade pianos; special discounts for rash.
I HEINE PIANO MFO. CO.. 13t i:m» ,t.
ALL make. for a short time only.
14. $4. $4. $4. $4. $4 per month.
2 Chlckerings. 2 Steinway*. 1 Vnse & .- -• >- •
fifty others slightly used high and medium
grade pianos; store open evenings.
HEINE PIANO MFG. CO.. 1M Elllt nt.
ANOTHER carload of the Decker blihy up.
rights Just received: they are beaut:«a ani
have a tone that captivates everybody. MAU-
US'. Ml Market st. *
DECKER. Packard and Boothe pianos »i;a nn
most reasonable terms at MAUVAIS' TO
_Market St.
GOOD second-hand pianos for sale an ! t> re-t
at MAUVAIS-. 7<J Market st.
' an elegant Stelnway. Hardman. Chase" RrotT
and Decker: excellent pianos: great he.-;
Room 12. Flood building. Fourth and Hark •.
GREAT slaughter sale of pianos on stora* °
closing out lot of uprights $A> up: open ev<»n-
Ings. WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market.
LARGE stock of BaMwtn and other standard
pianos; prices reduced to Insure prompt sales.
W. C. HAMILTON. 224 Post st.
v. INTEI Upright piano for cash. H. r.
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market st.
SOIIMER. Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 3N
Post St.; open evenings.
CHEAP Decker upright piano. In fine cnndl-
tlon. 1012 Polk st.
WANTED— 2 square pianos. BYRON MAUZY.
SOS Post St.
BEST bargain In the city; first-class upright:
very cheap. Call at 1131 McAllister st.
FINK n«cher A ftelnway upright: B.trrlflecd.
KEEFFE'S. 10H Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary st.
W. B. BADGER. 412 Farramento st.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett A Davis pla nos.
GOOD upright piano, nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNO'S. 211 McAllister st.
BARGAIN— upright: cheap. SCHMITZ. 18
McAllister st.. next Hlbernla Bank.
SUF'KRIOR violins, zither*, old and new. 11.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In th«
United States or Canada one year f r j:.
postage paid.
OFFICES AND STORES — TO LET.
HW, corner Baker and Fulton: fin* large store
with fixtures costing $500; an exceptional
opening for right party. G. 11. UMHSEN *
CO., 14 Montgomery st.
LOFT M 7 Mission street; 25xS0: power avail-
able for shirt. shoe or paper-box factory.
STORE or factory. 519 Howard St.; 25x100 or
part thereof; light all over.
ELEGANT large store; 4 fine rooms In rear;
large dry basement: suitable for any business.
903 Valencia st.. under Hotel Dennlsi I cor>
ncr Twenty-first: business center of Mi«alnn.
PALMISTRY.
HAVE your life read without a question or
mistake at your own home; engagements by
phone Larkln V*i. MRS. L.
PERSONA ■.
BEINRK X a r TTETJ^A"ny'onVlinowll^M»
whereabouts communicate with ERNEST 11.
TIETJE. 1206 Kearny st.
LEDERER" S Qulntonlra gave the beautiful
gloss to that bead nf hair you »4mlr*4 a» —
much: 35c bottle. G. LEDEREII 123 Stockton.
LEDERER does the halrdresslng of the town;
good work; small price. 25c; switches $1 up;
manicuring I."'-. Fonmo Knampoo 6c package;
try It. O. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
JOHN I. BOONE. I'atent Trademark
Attorney at Law. and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St.. Law, a Specialty.
San Francisco. i xl. American ami Foreign
Send for circular. i'atents Solicited.
FREE SITTINGS FOR BUST CABINET
PHOTOS; no deposit: every Tuesday.
Wednesday and Thursday nf this m..nth at
MacLELLAND'S. 46 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRIC lights In ever room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mir- 100 rooms;
25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $•". per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MOO CHRISTMAS trees; sixes and prices to ault
all; delivered; order early. California Chrlat-
mas Tree Co.. 608 Sacramento; tel Main £30.
PERSONS desiring to invest In Nome mining
properties or lots should address box 1473.
Call office.
DOLL wigs made nf human hair at La Verite
parlors. 1140 Market St.; telephone Folsom 444.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market, bet. 7th and Bth.
LEADING theatrical and masquerade ••-•-
turners; make-up and wlg»; country orders so-
Ilclted. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Market st.^
ARTISTIC halrdresslng. 2T>e: shampooing. 25c;
halrdresslng and manicuring taught. Up-to-
Date Parlors. 1026 Market st.. over Wond*T.
STAMMERING corrected; booklet. J. WIIiTB-
HORN. A. M., Ph.D.. 1315 Linden. Oakland.
A. KLEIN buys clothing. bri«"-a-brac. tools and
old gold: send fnr him. I "■■ Sixth st.
ONLY store that buys old gold. Jewelry and
cast-off clothing. COLEMAN'S. V* Kearny.
BEST price for cast-off clothing and bric-a-
brac. H. MARKS. 200 Third St.: send P"Stal.
PAINTING and papei mi ■ rooms papered.
$2 50 up. JENSE> * BATH. 3fW Sixth st.
ANTIQUE and curiosity shop: hooka bought.
sold, exchanged. 525 Dupont St.. near Cal. •
HIRSUTINE"co., hair specialists, grow hair
or no pay: book for stamp. » Lddy st. •
t vrni 'STATION— New Invention fnr china dec.
orators. Jee S. It. CHURCH. 307 Sansome .t.
LAI lIM IN A CO.. mfrs. of fine furs and seal
garmer.ts. also remodeling. 104 Kearny at.
ISP you Wish full value for your cast-off «: th-
lng call on B. COHEN. 157 Third at.
WANTED— OId gold for manufg. O. NOLTE.
Jeweler. 24< O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
CHEAPEST nd best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in th«
United States or Canada one year for «:.
jvj>tage paid.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
FINEST and fullest stock: square deal and
prompt service; country orders our specialty;
catalogue free. Cal. Pam>rn Co . ?? n»nrr it.
PHYSICIANS AND SURUKONS.
DrT'tOMKINH. formerly of 1341 Folsom st.
has lately returned from New York, where he
graduated from the Lying Hospital, also
Bellevue Hospital, and now has his office
and residence at 15S2H Howard st.
REAL ESTATE — CITV — FOR SALE.
: „_
FOR sale cheap— 3 2-story houses. In good con-
dition; on 2Cth St.. near Howard. MRS.
POHLKER.
FOR sale— Cheap, new 2-story Bees; 1 rooms;
latest Improvements; Noe and Hill sts. ; near
Castro-st. cars; patent sidewalk.
$S5O CITY poultry farm: good cottage. 4 room*
and lot; geese, chicken ami duck house*:
cement floors: nicely arranged; banks will
loan $750: a fortune and home for $15 per
month Apply to P. A. DOLAN. 633 Market.
$4400— MODERN &-room cottage on bttumtnucd
■treet; lot 2Sxl*>: also a lane 7-rootn hou*«
on Pierce St., near Halght: aou*ea built to
suit purchaser: easy terms. Inqulrw on pram-
ties. V NELSON, builder.
$75A~4-ROOM cottage snd basement; almost
new; nr. Bernal Height School and Holly '
Park. Plelhop'a Grocery. 2O Cortland aye
IF you . have lota north of Golden Gat* Pant,
west of First aye.. and you wish to sell thesa.
call on W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery a*.REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
A. M. SPECK & CO..
«7 MARKET ST.. OPP. kea;.
Ivmntown bur4nr*s corner. 137:6x137:6; i-tores
and lodging houses above; rcnu $SjOo annually.
tIMMWI.
S..MIF- rx. comer, ik'xi.*; stores and 70 rooms*
trrr * ILn^ fiatr; modern; rents about (34C0
yearly; lot I:-.: fctt; 2 frontages; cost JOO.C'.'O.
N i?*v«.?£, a £ mnd Jone ".' ll ' 18 -: store and it rooms
a».>.rte, modern; pays " per cent net.
feet; no
MlMlon , rt.. near •fhirt!" lot 4PxSJ; best bai-
Sam on ilisalnu tt. to-day.
-s?°*?^*? il *'**t and' Taylor Stl stores and
nats; I* feet liunt; rents about tluO.
Corner near Market st.: nts Wio yesrly;
store and fi«iti>; nt'^tiv new.
"'"'■'° r * new flats; vicinity Powell and Bush
Port St.; 3 cood flats; rents MS; lot 27x110 feet.
nn^t»bl*"*waSa dt^TsMoT**" 1 residence;
Near Powell *nd Clay *"t*.; S flats; rents $18.
A. M SPEI'K & CO.. GET Market >t.
REAL K»TATK— . COIXTKV— Koi Mile
I-.-.... ,it t . iti
P \" IU *"LSING bargaln-A lovely home for
cash treaty terms- Remember that I've made
a ttrtct specialty of Inspecting, appraismr.
►filing and exchanging country proi-erty :n
this Mate lor o ver U y.-are, having personally i
injected and now handle more ranches than <
».»I other »i;ent« put together In San Fran-
«!^,° : \ cf , *" th<? euldfn opportunities to
recure a lovely home nr glit-edge paying and
►a.c Invertitw-m the following debcrlbed Is
the very best «>vrr offered;
hubdlvuion Z% EO ahd up tn 300
arre« (sIM tract, to fu'.t). the very test lo-
cated and choicest, highly cultivated deep
and rn-h le\el lo«m. adjacent to Napa. for $00
l»r acre; would be « heap even tt $10J- h*a
rold and no doubt will hoon again bring t2 -0
|>er acn:-: it is the ver>- rholceu of fruit, vine-
yard, alfalla. corn. »utar tect. grain or hay
land; i ;■■.;•.. iia trIU f tr v l)er n< . t<
cash In advance on Investment: it U better !
recurity and will pay five times the rroiit of I
savings banks or ordinary loan*: take my ad- '
vie* and buy boom or all of this land.
EICKKLS. the Land A«ent. CCC Market rt.
"OR t2T.n (»» rash>. ]() Hcres in wheat: 161 for
tV'-<: 18 i-t «•; ZM \,, :-.j in nh-at at Ili^.
M. GRIFFIN. Tin Market, i^.-ar Call building.
lANCE to trade city projierty for the Ji<han-
nl*b«Tg Sprlngr. mountain resort ard vine-
yard*. Napa County.
820 acrr*. furnl*h««d and quipped for burl-
ners: pays ovtMT over 25 per cent on Invest-
ment: will f«-II for 1-3 of original enct: terms '
to ruit. f<r must be rented nt once on account i
of departure of owner to Europe. For phot.v
rraphs and partlrularn inquire of A. M.
FPE'^K & CO.. C«rr Market St.. Examiner bldg.
FOR Sale— One hundred acres choice beet land.
<n»« mile from Salinas. B. H. GRAVES, ill
Tlnve. ft.
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
WANTED— I^ct 40 or r.O ft., on Howard or Fol-
•ora rts. E. cf Ffurth. Address W. H. C.
b. v 14V7. Call ofiW.
ROOMS FOR •<«•! -I MiriM,
A BRANCH office fcr the reception of adver-
:■•::•• -y aud rubKcrlptions has been opcaeJ
at 1223 I»olk St.: cpen until 9 p. in.
CLAY. 2421. near Flllmore— 2 large unfurnished
r • m*; yard; water; rear; rent $7.
CI.KMENTINA. 707—2 runny front rooms for
hourek^jiing; laundry and bath.
J-'IFTH. 2C.3— X connecting furn'.rhed houtekeep-
Ing roccna. SIS: alnu single rms.. Jl. fS and t~.
HARRISON. 731—2 nioms furnirh-d o<inip!ete
f< r hmisrifffplnf; large j»rd: bath; rent $.3.
HATES, 126. cor. Van Ncsk— Front sunny un-
furnished room. IS; al*3 *lngle .furnirhed. 16.
H«>WARd! TCl**— Nicely '■ sunny
double and single rooms; reasonable.
JESSIE. 47«-2 nicely furnished sunny front
r.x»ms for housekeeping. .
■ MINNA. 2S-Sunny frcnt furnished housekeep-
la« «nd iiinKlc rwm»; cheap.
OTAliltrLU JOS— S nicely furnirhed house-
" >;• y.rt rf ait. •
TEHAMA, «4-2 front hounekeeplns; • -.mi.
,!'\. 221-3 rooms furnished for hcuse-
■ • ■ i :nc: ULtlcnan' tubs and bath.
HZ — Large front room complete for
-. ....^j, ing; gas and bath; (2 CO per wo.lt.
i.!TH, 122. between Mission and How-
mJ— 2 sunny connecting rooms; huu*eke*p-
: r.» ; ok »tove.
j: (*>/*« TO loan m dlamnnds. watches. rllver. real-
»kiss. i lan. «. guns. Code Harris. L.i Grant ay.
< I.AP.-'IFIED advertisements and rubrcriptlor.s
received »t Call branch oflc*. 22<0 Flllm re st. I
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and \
*u».Frriptlons has been established at the ,
ti'rtfcw»»rt corner cf Twenty-second and Ken- ■
tucky »treet». Open until t p. m. !
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been tttaLUsbed at 105S Va-
lencia st.
ROOMS TO LET — Pan. and I'm urn.
A — BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14S Sixth-Rooms
23c to Jl per night: II 25 to U per week, and
light houmeeplng: open all night.
A BRANCH, office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk rt.; open until » p. ■ ■'• I
„ up-to-date new fireproof building, San An-
tonio; new furniture, hot and ccld water, ra-
diators. (■■>••-. suites; when *een are appreci-
ated. 21 Taylor *t.. near Market,
AT Hctel Francisco. Turk nd Taylor rts.—
Homelike houi>e: modern »frvlo#; Vlev»t ,r.
bath: rooms t.oc to II (0 day. MRS. 3. KING.
I3URNETT. 1426 Market fold No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rms.. suites. Elngle; also unfurnished.
CABROLTON. 12C6 Market, cor. Golden Gate
in Bnnay corner; well furn; rms. & offices.
CLASSIFIED advertisements nnd sutacrlptions
recel\eJ at Call rrar.ch <.:n\e. C2ou Plllmore »U
EDDY. CS. bet. Larkln and Polk— Large runny
alcove rooms; also rlngle and double rooms :
SaJl nicely furnlfhed: clean, neat, comfortable;
fra*. bath: private family; quiet location; very
reasonable; pentlemen preferred.
XLI.t tis — L*ri:e runny room; suitable for 2
rer.tiemeti; *\-rrythlna; new.
FIFTH. 221— Front ror.mr. from II to t2 M per
mek; clean. r> • ; > ■ •■■■■'■'■■: all sunny.
FOLSOM. 2C4S. war Pevecteenth— 2 connecting
unfurnished rooms; bay-window; runny.
FOUHTIL i72*i— Nlr»ly furnished sunny bay-
window and situ 1« rooms: reasonable; quiet.
FURNISHED rooms from fl ii week up by a
rlngle woman. 17 Verona st.
CIKARD House— lJ2 Seventh— Sunny furnished
roomr; day or week; reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN— Southeast cor. Seventh
end Mlfslon rt*.— Sunny rooms, en ruite or
rlngle; ladies' parlor; reading room; elevator.
GRANT avf., 217. opp. Samuels' "lace house— En
«iuite or migle; v« ry reasonable.
HANCOCK House. 7*l M!sslon-S«-lect family
rooming houce; II W to f< per week.
HARRISON. 7S4'i. near Fourth— Finely fur-
n! »!»i^l rxomr; ! .-.:!.. all conveniences; home-
like: n week up.
HAWTHORNE. 172. near HarrUon-Pleasant
sunny room, reasonable; board optional.
HOWARD. 71i— 200 sunny rooms; nicely fur-
nlM:rd: every convenience; electric lights.
HOWARD. K»-Clean. reipectable. 2Sc to fl per
night; from II per wexk to 13; Howard-st. car
to the door.
VcALLISTER. 7C2'*-« nice rooms for house-
keeping: alro tingle and ru'.tes; bath; «a«.
MINNA. Cr7. r.irner Eighth— Newly furnlrhed
tay-wirdow room. II per week; tranvlert.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furn!«hed rooms and
offices: elevator; electric ligt.'.r; day. wk.. mo.
PIKE. iros..n<»ar Polk— l>arge newly furnished
fri.:;t iiK.m; private family.
POST. I'SiA— Elecantly fum'thed rooms; bath
and all mf/dern conveniences.
itOSEDALIX 2JI Elllr. nr. Taylor— loo rooms;
i"'« a night; fl .-.».. . trannlmt.
P.OYAL Il'>u*e. 126 KIIU rt.— lncandescent light.
r»*s <Jlns; -room. Kmoklnic-ronm and ladles' par-
|nr: rooms. i«.-r night. Ssc to II M; week. 1/ to
!■; month. IS to |30; elevator on office floor;
roomr with hot. cold water; baths.
EHKHMAN Apsrtment Houre, ts Eighth st..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
TAYLOR, r/>l— 2 elegantly lurnlrhed rooms: sin-
gle and double: gents only; 112 and 16.
THE Oskr. lIS Third— A rood rooming-house
for Rood peopl*. It. HUGHES. Proprietor.
TURK. K2B- Sunny front room In a private
family. •
WILLOW aye CO, near Buchanan— Nice sunny
ftewly furnished rooms; private faailly. ,
KOOMS TO 1 BT — Furn. and I afnrn.
I. 3. 4 NICELY furnlfhed rooms; rent to suit
tenant. Apply 3426 Sixteenth st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subrcriptlons has been established at 10:'« Va-
len^ia -i
ROOMS WASTED.
WANTEI>— For 1 month, 3 or 4 furnished rooms,
containing 4 lx ds, good rar.ge and other neces-
rari.'s for housekeeping. Addrew "COUN-
TRT." Call oince^
WANTED— I!y yours man. single room; cen-
tral; Protestant family: full particulars and
price. Ad'lriS!» box UK, Call office.
ra SPECIAL 3 MUM
mTE^pliTEßrFßlE?LlN^'slprie^aTve7 per
box: warranted to cure all cases or bleeding.
§ Itching, external. Internal or protruding plies
without fail, no matter of how long standing.
162S Devlsadero «t.. near Butter. !
LADlES— Chlchcster's English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable: take no other;
send 4c Kamp* for particulars. "Relief for
Ladles," In letter by return r.:all: at drug-
tistn. Chichcrter Chemical Co.. Philadel.. Pa.
BAD tcnsr.ts ejected frr $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
115 M< ntfrnmrry rt.. rooms 2-10; tel. 5J20.
ROOMS papered from 13: whitened. $1 up;
pslr.tinir d^ne. Hnrtmnn Paint Co.. 319 Third.
win.. MACHINES axd supplies.
t2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
tnarhlne rupplles. 145 Sixth: phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bnucht. f>". exchanged, ■■ ted: re.
fairing nt towo«t nt«. ?"*> Fourth st.
STORAGE AXD WAUEIIOCSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Btorasa and Moving Co.
Office <ni Post-St,* cnr. Towel!: tel. Main f,713.
TO LBASI
TO lease — Wanted by a farmer and dairyman
from the East a ranch to lea*e on shares or
carh rent. Box 1423. Call office.
WATCH REPAIRING.
WATCHES cleaned 75c: guaranteed I years.
The R.iv .T<vrelrv nn.l Optlrnl Co., M^ Kearny.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for Udles in delicate health; large
crour.dn: i:ivate. MRS. DR. FUVKE. 14K *th.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL i mi:.
FLAT— I 3 rooms: modern; near station: 3 min-
utes to University; rents «-- 10; price tISOO;
eary terms. FREESE ■ CODDINGTON.
Berkeley station.
| F»'lt lale. near the University grounds, house
of 9 rcoma: thoroughly well built: all modern
Improvements: lot . r 2xlCfl; either for <-a>h or
easy term?. JOS. J. MASON. Rf-al Estate.
Adjoining P. 0.. Berkeley station.
3 ELEGANT J-rnora colonl.il homea adjacent
UnlverMty of Cal.; Just completed: porcelain
bath: finished in natural wood; all modern
conveniences: tunny frontage; terms If de-
*lre.l M. L. Wl-RTS. ITUI A Bway. Oakland.
BERKELEY ROOMS.
THOROUGH home: good location: for rent:
f^r.iall private family. AM. P.. P. 0.. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— OOB BROADWAY.
■ .
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
JM CASHTj? 60 monthly till paldl for: chicken
run WOtSZt feet; -■.:.:> loam soil: plenty of
good water; l«vcl land; Kite, climate and .- :'.
the beet; no foes nor cold winds: 3 buildings
now rumpleted: West.ill Tract, adjoining East
Oakland: close to electric car line. :<o-fnot
boulevard nnd fine school ; price, all told. ISSO.
Call or ><'tiil !r>r circular, 4*.'. Seventh Ft., n*>ar
cvor. Broadway, Oakland; carriage free.
HENRY /., JONES, owner.
• ELKCANT hov^es in course of construction
en S3d St.", bet. Grove and We*t; 2 completed;
all modern Improvements; street work, slde-
walki done; small payment down: balancs
monthly if desired: houses open for Inspection
10 to 4 Sundays. J. H. SIMPSON. .13 Scth st.
WANTED— A reliable mnn to buy an Interest
in one of the best paying manufacturing busi-
ness on the coast. Address P. O. box 420.
OaVland. Cal.
TOR *al<*— lol feet on Market. 116 on Twentieth.
114 F.-rty-flfth *t.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Shellhaan. the
furniture dealer. 11th iitvl Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND T NOTICE.— Dividend No. 10^<35c~per
rhar#) cf the PAAUHAU SCOAB PLANTA-
TION COMPANY will be payable at the offl>«
cf the company. 227 Market street, on and
after Monday, j>»<vmt.<-r 11, 1*99. Transfer
books will close on Tuesday. December 5, 1533,
at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California.— ln the
matt of Occidental Beet Sugar Company, a
corporation, upon Its application for a judg-
ment of dissolution.— Notice No. 70.422.
Notice is hereby given that OCCIDENTAL
BEET SUGAR COMPANY, a corporation or-
ganized and existing under and by virtue of
the laws of the State of California, and hav-
ing Its office and place of business In the city
end county cf San Francisco. State of Cali-
fornia, has filed a verified I cation ad*
e'rerj'd to the Superior Court of the city and
r< unty of San Francisco. tats of California,
which application is Mgned by a majority of
the Board of Directors, praying for a judg-
ment of dirsolutlcn of raid corporation, and
that Friday. December 22nd. ISM. st 10 o'clock !
a. m.. at the courtrcom of *ald court. De-
partment Number Two. In the City Hall of :
the City and County of San Francisco. have
been appointed »• the day. time and place for
the hearing of nald application.
In witness where if I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed the official real of raid Su-
perior Court, this 20th day of November. 18*1.
[Seal] WM. A. DEANn. Clerk.
By JOSEPH RIORDAN. Deputy Clerk.
Endorsed: Filed November 20. 1J93. WM.
A. DEANE. Clerk. By JOSEPH RIORDAN.
Deputy Clerk.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marr. licenses have been Issued as follows:
Jame* F. White and Irma I. Funk 22-20
T. L. Darling ami Annie 8. Bahington 44-28
Louis Ornnt and Emmey H. Stevens 39-3,:
Thoma* P. Smith and Lena J. Walsh 2J-1S
James E. Barrows and Annie M. Bendel 32-24
Manual Ferreira and Mary Kalfer 65-35
Henry F. It ton and Jane T. Dunn 22-21
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marrige and death notices sent by ,
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at cither of the tmblleation offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
rons authorized to have the sams published.
BORN.
MARTIN— In this city. November 12. 1^99, to
the wife of A. W. Martin, a son.
-
MARRIED.
LAMMERS— TOBBKNBOSKE -In this city.
November 2. U»S. by the Rev. J. M. Bueh-
ler. G>' <rge- 11. Lammers and Johanna Tob-
»<enlK»ke.
NIELSEN— AKMANN— In this city. November
2.V lsy?. by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Frederick
H. Nielsen and nrletl Akmann.
HILLHOI'SE- In this city. November
30, IVA by the Rev. J. M. Buehler. Stephen
Ehret and Ada Hillhouse.
HELM— WILDE— In this •v. November 27.
nX'. by the Rev. J. P. Dlckson. Charles J.
Helm nnd Sadie E. Wilde, both of San Fran-
cisco.
HUHLBUT— HAZLETT— In Elmhurst. Novem-
ber T. ISi?. by the Rev. E. E. Clark. Charles j
Benjamin Hurlhut and Berate May Hazlett.
SANDERS— LEFFINGWELL— In Cambria. San
Luis Oblspo County, November 2S. 1599, Rich-
ard Panders and Lena Iva Harwell, both j
of Kan Luir Oblxio County. Cal.
__
DILD.
Began. Cart. James Mac Donald. James
Collins. Nellie I. McCarthy. Jeremiah
run; . Patrick McMulkn. Mary H.
De fitalffet. Ernest P. Merle. Isidore
I*onegan. Frank Perata. Michael
Gabe. Jane Slnon. W. J.-
IT. .mnn. Joseph Sullivan. Jeremiah H.
Kelly, Juhn Watson. James
Kelly. Michael L.
BOGAN— At sea, November 27. ISM. Captain
James B>>can. beloved husband of Winifred
Began, a native of County Wexford. Ire-
land. ngr-d 4S y«arr.
IiLNRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Succescnrs to Flannigan & Gall*?h<!7).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
ZU .... St.. opposite Lincoln auaodi,
Telephone South Ml
ITIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 5. 1899.
COLLINS— In San Leandro. December S. 1599. !
Nellie Irene, beloved daughter of Andrew J. \
and Annie Collins, a native of California.
(C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, at the San
Leandro Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul.
Interment Haywards Cemetery-
CURRY— In this city. December 3. 189?. Pat-
rick Curry, a native of Ireland, aged 75
" years.
DE SAIFFET— In San Jose, December 4. 1899,
Ernest Plelle. son of Mr. and Mrs. Pedro de
Sal fret, a native of San Jose, aged 36 years.
CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
DONEGAN— In llenlcla, December 3, 1899.
Frank, beloved husband of Nancy Donegran
and father of Con Donegan, Mrs. Hannah
Farley, Mrs. Nellie Bcholts and the late
Frank Donegan, a native of the parish of Kll-
car. County Donegal. Ireland, aged "8 years.
(Peorla, 111., papers please copy.)
rien.ls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), from his late residence, thence to
St. Dominic's Church, where a high requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commenclnc at 10 o'clock. Interment
St. Dominic's Cemetery.
QABB— In this city, December 4. 18?». Jane.
relict of the late Elijah Gabe. and beloved
mother of Daniel Gabe. Mrs. J. F. Fllppen
and Mrs. J. 11. Carah, a native of Wales, i
aged 77 years.
Hi 'MAN- In Fresno, December 4. 1899. Joseph
H' man, formerly of Chicago, 111., aged 72
years.- « •
KELLY— In this city. December 4. 1893, John
Kelly, a native of Ireland, aged 72 years.
KELLY— In this city. December 2. 1853. Michael
L.. beloved husband of Idella Kelly, and
father of Mary Loretto, Genevleve Rose and
William A. Kelly, a native of Dublin. Ire-
land, aged 53 years 7 months and 29 days.
(Vallejo papers please copy.)
JE7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at Vallejo, on the arrival of 'the
7:30 train from San Francisco. Requiem macs •
will be celebrated at St. Vincent's Church for
the repose of his eoul, commencing at 10
o'clock.
Mac DONALD— this city. December 4. 1593.
James, beloved husband of Catherine Mac- j
Donald. and father of Joseph 1).. James F. |
and Frances C Mac Donald. a native of St. <
Pertes, a native of Prince Edward Island.
MCCARTHY— In this city. December 4. 1599.
Jeremiah, husband of the late Ellen McCar- j
thy, and father of John McCarthy. Mrs. Mary j
Cllne. Mrs. Annie McGlynn and Mrs. Lulu !
Edward?, a native of Ireland, aged 60 years.
E7Notlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of the California Undertaking ,
Company. 405 Powell street, near Post.
McMI'LLEN— In this city. December 2. 1559.
Mary S.. beloved wife of the late Hugh R.
McMullen. a native of Ireland, aged 60 years.
C rprtend^ and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at ■ M a. m., from her late resi-
dence. 730 Clementina street, near Ninth,
thence to St. .1 -••ill x Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the re- '
pose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary. Cemetery.
MERLE— this city. December 4. IMS, Isi- '
dore Merle, beloved brother of Mr. and Mrs. j
A. Merle, uncle of Alfred, Pauline and Isl- ,
— iViro — Merlo. and nephew of — Mr»,-CtUr* and I
Mr. and Mrs. J. Blanchard. a native of Brian-
con, France, aged f-fi years. '>• '-
L7Fttends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi- j
dence of his brother, northwest corner of ,
Alameda avenue and Walnut street. Ala- ,
metla. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oak- ;
land.
PERATA— In this city. December 3. IBS 9. Ml-
chaei. dearly beloved husband of Anna Perata '
and father of James and Frank Perata and
Mrs. Ron hint Mrs. Louisa Demartinl. j
Mrs. Mary BaZXUrrO and the laTe Gaetano
and John Perata, a native of Italy, aged 77 i
years 3 months and .■ days.
C r The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock., from his late resi-
dence. 15u3 Dupont street, thence to Sis. Peter
and Paul's (Italian) Church, where a solemn '
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 10:30 .
o'clock, and thence at 1 o'clock to Holy Cross
Cemetery. Interment private. Please omit
flswers. ■ 'r. '
SINON— An anniversary requiem mass will be
Fatd at St. Brldcet's Church, corner Van (
Nefs avenue and Hroadway, for the late W.
J. Slnon on Thursday morning, at 9:30 o'clock, j
Friends are Invited to be present.
SULLIVAN— In this city. December 4. 1599. at '
his residence. 343 Jessie street. Jeremiah H.
beloved husband of Annie Sullivan, and
father of Frank and Leo Sullivan, a native
of County Cork. Ireland. (San Jose papers
please copy.)
Zy Notice of funeral hereafter.
I WATSON — In this city, December 3. 1«99.
I James, husband of the late Delia Watson.
i niul father of Mrs. Lilly Cully, a native of j
; Ireland, aced 64 years.
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow ]
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church for ;
services.. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
<; A Henderson, S JoseiM A Irman. Boston
M Michael &w. Cal C B Neel, Chicago
R L Day. Winters W A Llttlefleld. Eurek
.1 Hummelsburg, Cal J A Black, Pal
W M Twohig At w, Cal C W Parsooa, Cal
G H Cnal & w. Cal R N Hawley. U S N
0 J Hughes. Cal W T Hatnm. Pal
F M Forgee. German- J L^rtora. Cal
town F Entensperger, Cal
W D Crlehton. Fresno I* O Dlckson i w Pal
\Y M Sims. Sacto F Clark. Cal
W A Kuhnert. Cal J S < "hrlstlanson & w,
F L Thomas. S Jose Vallejo
G H halls. Cal C C Dtckson & w. Cal
J Butte. Cal W A Huppuck. Cal
G A Steel .v w. Portld'E W Wetmer. a i
A W dv Bray. NY H B stair, Uktah
A B Greenwald. L AngjC A Irvine. Cal
W A Reid. Dawson E M Parr. Pinole
H Hease. NY C H Abbott. Oakland
<} W Chrystal. Pal J Chadman. Cal
L A Charles. Boston J Stclnhart. Stockton
B A Plant. S Crur II Mark*. Stockton
F D Smith & 2 dau, C W Lynde, Chgo
Soleta F D McLennan. Vanco
NEW WESTERN HOTEJL.
J M'-M ist.-r. I. s Ans H W Mann, WatPinvti
Mr- M 'i Smith. Alaak A W It wman, Bonorm
Hi we. <"al I' H WIISOS Truckee
j .i nnolly, Vallejo J IfcGolrk, Cal
A X Ren ton & fam. \\' J Ht.-r!lnK. Vallejo
J Kln«r. S Jose
A fam. Cal J C Hlum. Polumhla
U H C Brown, I Diego
H B Fr«n.-h. Van. .uv M Dringer. Mlnneapol
!■ " Bornetl, Beattto Mrs A I ranker. Minn
W H • . - ittie Mr» M Mahler. Chgo
X W (lark. Hutte R W Gates, Chicago
H P Basil, Watsonvlll H W Klaak. Buttc
Fresno C H McCartney, Pacto
-tt. Buttet <-rk a w McArtkar. Vallej
W X Jam<-s. - •■ ■ nishop In. liana
F B Williams, P.r.n Jde Forrest &w. Cal
M Schi W <".errang. Cal
OPENING OF THE
MOLINEUX TRIAL
Prisoner Calm, His Fa
ther in Tears.
Special Dispatch to The Can.
NEW YORK, Dec. 4.— The actual trial
of Roland B. Mollneux. charged with
causing the dt-ath of Mra. Catherine J.
Adams, by sending poison to Harry S.
: Cornish, with intent to kill, commenced
to-day, though legal preliminaries have
already occupied twelve daye, that much
lime having ben consumed in getting a
jury. The proceedings to-day were occu
l l-l t.y tho opening address to the Jury of
staaf District Attorney Ohborne.
At the r< <iu«st of the counsel for the
flffnnm the found by the
1 (iraml Jury was read in full, the prisoner
listening attentively and composedly.
Wli.-n rii.- nadiiig of the indictment had
concluded Mr. Weeks moved for its dis
mlfTit, OB the ground that the proof was
not .sutfl< lent.
Th<- cnurt overruled the motion, and As
sistant District Attorney O»borno htsjlll
his opening sj>«-t;ch. ThmuKhou! the scath
itin Introductory remarks of the attorney
(or the prosecution the accuser remained
ioc. l, calm and indifferent. In striking
asi with the demeanor of the
younger Moinuux w;us ttu- altitude of his
fatht i lie Molincux. Again
and sgsin, a« Mr. <)nboine attacked the
character oi ih»- prisoner, the old man
burst intod tears. To the attempt of Mr
Osborne v> bring into th<- case the name
of H. C. Barnct, who died at ihe Knicktr-
I.. .<ker Athletic Club from the effects of
cyanide of mercury poisoning. Mr. Wee^a.
m ntlni the defense, objected in most
energetic fashion. He asked the court to
order the District Attorney to not again
r. i' r !" the Hairnet case. The recorder
• 1 *o to rule or to order. This is
• r- .1 significant, as showing a dis
rj on the part of the reorder to al
low th. Introduction of evidence resid
ing the death of Barnet. In so far as it re
t'> the Adams poisoninp case. The
court adjourned until to-morrow.
French Song Suppressed.
PARIS, Dec. 4.— The police, in addition
to another seizure of copies of La Carica
ture, containing matter and illustrations
grossly insulting to Queen Victoria, to
night seized copies of a ribald sons? en
titled "The Disembarkation of the Eng
lish." containing a drawing ridiculing her
Majesty. The song had been exposed in
many shops and kiosks. -
"MOTHER EARTH"
WARMLY RECEIVED
AT THE ALCAZAR
Features of Francis
Powers' New Play.
In the production of Francis Powers'
j "Mother Earth" there was the promise of
. Importance, for we had not forgot the
promise of his "First-Born," yet must I
; say that "Mother Earth" was a success
j beyond my hopes, for while it proves that
I the author persists In his faults it proves
i too that he knows the value of his virtues.
| Undoubtedly Francis Powers has a man
ner; his touch is unmistakable. He has
originality, though without scope, which
lack is manifest in the frequent reminders
'of "The First-Born" that occur in
l "Mother Earth." The development of his
plot depends largely upon the gossip of
minor characters, a dangerous expedient.
He is given also to the pantomimic epi
sode, which, in excess, distorts rather
: than harmonizes. A first performance is
properly the moment for suggestion, and
• If Mr. Powers will take to bed with him
' these friendly hints I shall not have writ
ten in vain.
One may overlook the incongruity of the
language in which he makes his charac
ters speak, for Mexicans in Mexico
speaking broken English Is not precisely
consistent. A semi-literal translation of
' the southern tongue— always within the
limits of dignity— may be used to advan
tage to preserve the color and tone of
scenic environment. l would state, how
ever, that such transpositions of adjective
I and noun as "the friend distinguished"
do not assist one in the serious con
sideration of a serious play.
The first performance of this last effort
of Powers' was painstaking and honest,
and I may sprinkle praises on the cast
without fear of falling amiss. Ormonde
in the part of Manuel Quinterro was re
1 moved from his usual primacy, though
not so much from any failing on his pad
as by the general excellence of his fellow
players. His Is not ■ big part, nor, mi
i deed, are any of the parts monstrous, and
i when I say that the best acting wfcMkme
in the slenderest roles I may bo giving
some idea of how admirable is the per
formance as a whole. ■'• ■ - .
Miss Crosby was Carmenesque as Caro
! lina and Miss Fallon as an old Mexican
woman was In excellent character. Frank
Denithorne overacts and is too conscious,
but ho may be tamed in time. This ap
plies also to George Webster, though
there are credit marks duo to both of
these
A part of the programme that I was
nigh t.i passing over was the Incidental
! music by Emlle Bruguiere. which served
i no Important purpose (incidental music
never does) and was lacking in character
and Intel . , «
"Mother Earth" was preceded by a
farce, "Up to Watkins." which should not
keep any one away from the Alcazar.
PORTER GARNETT.
Grand Opera-House.
/ Once more the Grand Opera-house gave
hospitality to the work of local compos
, ers. This time It was the comic, opera
entitled "His Majesty." by H. J. Stewart
'■ and Peter Robertson. While it is rather
difficult to forrfl a decisive opinion from
a firs*, hearing, and especially when this
i first hearing was at a first production, it
: was easy to observe that the music and
libretto were worthy of earnest approval.
In fact, the idea which underlies this
story Is exceedingly ingenious. • An al
most bankrupt country advertises for a
cheap king (S6O per week), who because of
this insignllicant stipulation is hardly
able to exist. In the midst of his starv
ing condition the crown prince of a
wealthy empire is announced, and there
Is no court to receive him. Fortunately, a
stranded opera company arrives in the
capital, and the king promises to be pres
ent at the performance as a drawing card
provided the company acts as his court
during the option of the crown prince.
With this there is Interwoven a love story
which it is not necessary to discuss.
The gist of the plot lies in the idea of a
hired king, and this naturally gives room
for many humorous situations, which
Robertson was careful to emphasize, bo
we find in the second act the king and
queen "cleaning house." And yet the ma
terial is so good that there could be Still
more fun Introduced, especially in the
first act, which seems rather long drawn
William Woolf as the king did not do
full Justice to the splendid role be as
1 sumed. Neither could Ilattie Bell l>add
grasp the exceedingly delicate character
istics of a stranded "prima donna asso
luta " This in itself is a role which could
bo made exceedingly humorous, but which
in the hands of Mis* l.add lost all bur
lesque quality. Far better than the con
ception of Miss l.a.'.d was the Work of
Ethel Strachan. who impersonated the
soubrette of the opera company with
much ingenuity. She ought to receive
1 more prominence in the Grand Opera
house company. \
Bessie Fairbairn as the queen; Edith
Mason, Winfred Goff and Thomas liersse
gave very satisfactory renditions of their
respective roles. The music is throughout
"chic." I want to call especial attention
to the finales and to the ensemble music
in general. 1 am now .more than eve con
vinced that Mr. -wart is leaning t yard
the serious side of composition, andfj am
sure he would make a success of grand
opera. Jl
The best points in this opera are the se
rious passages. The quartets, qu \ *"*-'
and trios and one or two arias, toj \
with the finales, prove the truth o j
assertion. A Very funny idea wa. ;
burlesque of the opera company, wl
a great credit to Stage Manager . j
The same may be said of the march
pages, which the music by Mr. Bu-
I fits admirably. The piece is well n *
ed and In .one or two more days y \
t doubt become a very favorite entt J
ment. It is really worth while see s
ALFRED METZC \
Orpheum.
Camllle d'Arvllle of operatic fan-
George Fuller Golden, who has ma
name of Casey famous, are the lif~
play at the Orpheum this week, t
d A r vllle. whose voice has lost n.
that* beauty which won her a name
operatic world when she sang besi
best this nation claims, cast arl
l.c-i-vier numbers of her repertoii
evening and with exquisite feelln
..!• rod a few simple songs of the :
thobe songs which gladdened the
lioart before the modern composer
out his modern coon Bong, with Its
Ing rag time.
Operatic first-nighters crowded t
at.-i lust evening to greet her. an |
upuiause made plain their ajiiireclo
h<4 work. Golden Is full of nev k
tliut are full of humor,
strengthening the opinion that
philosopher without philosophy
- the bunch." Jessie Millar
mentalist; the tennis trio and club •.
ers, and Emmonds. Em<
monds In their skit, "Only a .! , r ., •
their engagements last night. All
themselves thorough entertainers
Alblnl. the conjurer; Pete Maker
dialect artist, and A. 1). Kobbin I
cyclist. The show as a whole Is v
usual excellent standard, and even
when the contributions of D'Arv
Ooldi n are remembered.
Chutes.
At the Chutes Theater Rita Wi
violinist of excellent tone
received four encores fur h. r w
night, while Major Mite, In his In
of Oornille, won five. Aderle and 1
were strongly In evidence and
of the bill wa« unusually pood.
The New Alhnmbra.
"Mr. Plaster of Paris" at the J.
last niffht was enjoyed by n KO ,
The farce had become hi
tice and the fun more ;i i
hours" laughter the composite m
recommends Itself to th>- attet-.tin
ater-goers. There is !■•
"Mr. Plaster of Paris
entlous acting which will repay a A
Olympia.
One of the best shows presor
for some time is to be s. en at t I
Pia this week. Every number
received last night. Cad
ings and Hall are Mill •
Columbia.
Li'tt'a revival of Uronson How: 4
, play, "Shenandoah," contiuuea
popular attraction at the Columbia The
ater. Last night the house was well filled,
and the battle scene at the close of the
third act aroused the audit nee to the
Wildest enthusiasm, and the curtain h.ul
to be raised several times. The ■ ;ist
is well balanced, and altogether the pro
duction la well worth seeing.
DRINK PREVENTS A CRIME.
R. A. Jordan, a former citizen of Baa
Francisco, has been arres.ed in the City
of Mi xico on a charge of attempted
murder. One night last w«ek he called
Mrs. Hegeman, widow of a Mexican rail
road contractor, to her bedroom door, and
drawing a pistol lired twice at her, both
shots failing of th»ir effect. Jordan met
Mrs. Hegeman several months agn while
on a baslneM tri]> in Mexico. He and
lira. Jordan, who accompanied him, Oo
not seem to have got along very well to
gether, and .1 short time after their :ir
rival his wife left for her home in this
city, giving him to understand that she
should institute divorce proceedings.
After his wife's departure Jordan paid
marked attentions to Mrs. Hegeman, and
thi-ir marrlagi was set for October, when
the widow received a letter from Mr.;.
Jordan, which was the Oral Intimation
She baa Of that lady's existence. Upon
this she postponed the marriage, and this
«=c > weighed on Jordan's mind that it
started him to drinking. Half crazed by
bad whisky he attempted to kill the
woman he loved l>ut could not marry.
When Mrs. If.ppman saw his des]
intention she Red to the street, and her
cries attracting the gendarmes, Jordan
w;is placed In jail, where he ts now
awaiting trial.
Previous to Jordan's attack on Mrs.
Hegeman he had made a will leaving *aif
r:it<\ Including a $25,000 life insur
ance policy.no her.
Died in His Wagon.
WOODLAND, I"c 4.— August Drexler.
a native of Switzerland and 43 years of
age, died suddenly and alone of heart
failure near Capay this morning. He was
driving a wagon, and on his way to Ca-
I>ay for, sped wheat. When found he was
lying on his face in the wag<>n. He • -
a member of the local lodge of Her
mann's Sons, and will be buried in this
cit>.
Incendiaries in Stockton.
STOCKTON, Dec. 4.— attempt was
nude about 1:30 o'clock this morning to
destroy the plow works of the 11. C. Shaw
Company. The fire was discovered In
time, however, and extinguished before
any damage had been done. The fact that
the Incendiary used lubricating oil In
stead of kerosene la all that saved the
works from - destruction. Officers are at
work upon the case.
Sailors in Session.
CHICAGO, Dec. 4.— The International
n's Union held the first of a two
days' session here to-day. Delegates were
present as follow: Atlantic Coast, four;
Gulf Of Mexico, one; British Columbia.
one; Pacific Coast, four. Andrew Furu-
Beth of San Francisco presided. To-days
• n was given up to organization.
Recruits for the Hartford.
CHICAGO, Dec. 4.— Captain Blockllnger,
commander of the naval recruiting sta
tton In Chlcaxo, bai been instructed to
enlist thirty landsmen for the cruiser
Hartford, which will leave San Francisco
•iber 20 for a year's trip around the
world.
Bond Sale Illegal.
I.OS ANOELE& Dor. 4 -When the bids
for the $2.«<0.000 of water bonds recently
voted by the <Ky were opened to-day It
was found that two bids presented were
both Irregular and a readverti.-ement will
probably be ordered by the City council.
Drank Poison in Coffee.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 4.-A tailor by the
name of C. I'aronttl committed suicide
thl? morning In his place of business by
drinking a cup of coffee containing nol
=.,n The motive of the act Is believed to
have been disappointment In love.
Marncaibo's Fall Confirmed.
WASHINGTON, Deft t — The State De
partment has r*» colv. .1 a cable message
fp.m Dnlt< Minister Loomis at
Caracal Venezuela, confirming the pr.-s*
report of the capture of Maracaibo by the
Insurgent General Hernandez.
Grand Jury Impaneled.
WOODLAND, Dec. 4.— Judge Gaddis
impaneled the new Grand Jury this after
noon and appointed J. S. Keith foreman.
will contest.
Wages of Employes Increased.
KANSAS CITY. D. c. 4— The Burnham-
Hanna-Munger Dry-goods Compaiiy to
dny announced a voluntary Increase In
wages of its sO factory employes of o to 12
per cent.
Dr. Giles Held.
JACKSON. Dec. 4.— Dr. J. H. Giles, ac
cused of criminal malpractice resulting In
the death of Mrs. Jtnnle Darling, was to
day hold for trial. The defendant is out
on $10,000 ball.
Theater Burned.
CT/INTON, Mass., Dec. 4.— Fire to-day
destroyed the Clinton Theater and several
adjoining building!. I-oss $150,000.
WILL COMPETE
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort P. lnt.
the height of tl.le is the same at both place*.
TUESDAY. DECEMBER 5.
Sun rises 7:11
Sun E etn 4:50
Moon sets 7:tt p. m.
O Time Time Time Time
1 Ft. Ft. Ft. — Ft.
? H\V L, W H.W I. W[
4 ... 1:14 4.7 5:30 3.1 11:30 6.1 6:41 — 1.1
5 ... 2:00 4.9 •»:!« 1.1 12:20 -«.» 7:30—1.0
i ... 2:46 5.3 7:30 1.0 1:17 5.7 8:19 -0.7
... 3:31 C.4 B:3S 2.S 2:21 5.4 »:09 — 0.4
8 ... 4:l* 5. 51 9:49 2.5 3:31 4.9 10:01 0.3
9 ... 5-00! 5.6 11:00 1.9 4:45 4.6 10:67 0.7
10 ... 6:46 I.S 12:09 1.1 6M 4.3 11:431 1.2
tl ... 6:31 t.QJ a;Qtt 0.7 T:2t| 4.2 .... ..].....
NOTE-In the above exposition of the tide*
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the nuccenslve tides of th»
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
recond time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the thlr-1 tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
la»t tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes <vcurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on the
t'nlted State? r. Ast Survey charts, except
when a mlnu* »lgn (— ) precede* the height,
and then the number given In subtracted from
the depth given t>y the rhirts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Monday. December 4.
Btmr Sequoia. Thwln*. 33 hours from Car
pentaria.
Stmr Cleone, UtrKins. II hour* from Caspar.
Stmr Glp<?y, Inland, 7 hours from Am*sport.
Btmr Samoa, Jahnsen, IS hours from Eureka.
Stmr Victoria. l'anton. t* hours from Seattle.
Stmr Navarro. Jensen. 44 hours from Re
dondo.
Stmr Bonlta, Nlcolson, 78 hours from New
port (B).
Strur Mackinaw. Llttleflcld, 8: hours from
Seattle.
Stmr South Portland, Hall. 11J hours from
Tacoma.
U 8 stmr Hush McCulloch. Coulsen. from
cruise In search of overdue vessels.
D S stmr lowa, Goodrich, from target prac
tice.
Tug Rescue, Thompson. 36 hours from Eu
reka. '.*r~
CLEARED.
Monday, December 4.
Stmr State of California. Case. Astoria;
Goodall, Perkins * Co.
Etmr Corona, Debney. San Dleco; Ooodall.
rerklns & Co.
Hr stmr Robert Adamson, Morgan. anal mo;
John Itosenfeld's Sons.
Dr ship J'yth-mene. . McAusland, Hull; Ep
plnger & Co.
Br chip Sllberhora. Gibson. Queenstown; G
W Me Near. ■%•»■.
SAILED.
Mo ay. December 4.
Stmr Ellhu Thomson. Whitney, Seattle.
Ptmr State of California. Gare. Astoria.
Stmr Georpe \V Elder. Randall. Astoria.
Stmr Corona, Debney. San Diego.
Etmr Alcazar. Carlson. . •
Stmr Lacuna, Ericsson, .
U S stmr lowa, GoodricH. target practice.
l!r stmr Robert Adamson, Morgan, Nanalmo.
am.
Nov 11. lat BN. lon 27 W— Br bark Puritan.
from Tacoma. for Queenstown.
Oct 27. lat 9 B. lon tt W-Br bark Lyaton.
from Shields, for San Francisco.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBO3. Dec 4. 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind east, velocity 8 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COQUILLE RlVEß— Arrived Dec Schr
Lizzie I'rien. hence Nov 12.
TACOMA— Arrived Nov 4— Schr C H Mer
chant, from San Pedro.
Sailed Dec 4-Bktn Eureka, for San Fran
cisco.
"VVILLAPA HARBOR- Arrived Dec «- Schr
Orient, hence I ■•■! 24.
COOS BAY— bound Dec 4— Stmrs Arcata.
Empire and Homer, for San Francisco.
NEW WHATCOM-Arrlved Dec 4— Schr Ma
weema. hence Nov 27.
OLYMPlA— Arrived Deo 4— Schr Maggie C
Rubs, hence Nov 15.
PORT TOWNSEND-Salled Inward Dec 4—
Bark Abble Palmer, for Tacoma. Sailed out
ward Dec 3— Schr Philippine, for Manila. •
EUREKA— Arrived Dec 4— Stmr Luella. from
Grays Harbor; schr II C Wrieht. from Ka
hulul; schr Mary Buhne. hence Nov 26; schr
J <; Wall, hence Nov U.
VENTURA— Arrived Dec 4— Stmr Oeo Loo
mls. hones. Dec 3.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Dec 4-Stmr Alcazar.
from — ; stmr San Pedro, hence Dec 1. bark
Tidal Wave, from Tacoma; captain of Tidal
Wave died on voyage.
Sailed Dec 2— Schr A M Baxter, for Seattle.
Deo 3— Schr Annie M Campbell, for Tacoma.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Dec 4-Schr Lottie
Bennett, for Hllo; schr' Endeavor, for San
Pedro.
Arrived Dec 4— Schr Nokomis. from Hllo.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Dec Beta Ida Kay. for
San Francisco; stmr Columbia, for San Fran
cisco.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Dec 4-Schr Guide,
hence Nov 17; schr Beulah. hence Nov IS.
Sailed Dec 4— Schr Pioneer, for San Fran
cisco.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Dec 4— Btmr Westport.
for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Dec 4— Stmr Noyo. for
San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONGKONG— Arrived Dec 2— Br stmr Em
press of Japan, from Vancouver.
Sailed Nov 2S— Br stmr City of London, for
Tacoma.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Dec 2— Br ship Afon
Alaw. for Fleetwcod.
YOKOHAMA— FaiIed Dec 2— Br itmr Empress
of India, for Vancouver.
SYDNEY— Arrived Dec Bark Palmyra,
hence Oct 7.
SAN MARCOS ISLAND— SaiIed Nor l«-8chr
J M Colman. for Fan Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
CHERBOURG— Arrived Dec 4-Stmr Kaiser
Wllhelm der OtMM, from New York, for
Bremen, and proceeded, and arrived at South
ampton.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec &— Btrar Frlecland.
from Antwerp.
EAILROAD TRAVEL.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES. '
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallei
on Application.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
_ _S>t* I*" G-ary : .reet. Above Powell.
PERIODICALS. BOOKS AND STATIONERT.
COAL. COKB AND PIO IROX
J. C WILSON & Cft ** B.lt*r* Str-4.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS ROYFS&CfI Eh! PPlnf Batchers. 104
JAJ- DVICJtt clay. TeL Main 12*4.
FURS.
I V I OFSTAT) '* '" ni ••• uptturx W.nt
4. n. LvrjiAii, Hmit pritmk wwod , !to«
IR3N FOUNDERS.
WESTERN FOUNDRY, Mortoß * Hedu 7 .
rTCOICHiI rVt.IUII, Prop... m Fremont
st. Castings of Every Description Made tj
Order. Tel. Black UCS.
PAPER DEALERS.
I'll I AMFTTF I>ULP AND pa per co..
ttILLAJIEHC 73 Montgomery st.
PRINTIN3.
E»C HUGHES, niEanso^^g.F.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Telejrraphic _PARTRIDGE « CallTornU
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, £7^l^
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at Its GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES. Is the Best Coal la tae
market. Office and Yards— 43o Main street.
SAILROAD TBAVIL.
SOUTIIKR.II t*«« l»l< (•MPIXT.
(rAcirio sthtbm.)
Trnlni !•«»«- i«...l in tine la arrive) At
MAX I'ltt.X'lMO.
(Main line. Foot of llarkct Street)
tBATi — Faoit N itikjcii 13, 1339. — Aiuura
■ *7xooa Braids, Bulgr.n and Sacramento,... *7i(3r
El-*ira, V»eaT!^.. an 1 Rar.ser.... *7:l.">r
•7:OOa SbacU Ezpieat-DaTls, Willows.
Red Bluff. I'ortUnd »7i43r
•71504 Marlines. San Ramon. Vallejo. Napa,
CallaU^aatil -ii .a Rosa *«ilBr
•SISO4 The Oretlind limited— Den-
- ver. Umaha, Chlcaei *3ilBr
•BiUUa Sau Jues, Llrermore, Stoekten,
lone. HaeramcDto. PlaccrrUle,
Murji'lHo. Chlco. 11M UluS •4iiHr
•*>»•* *MUtOD.Uakdaloan'l Hn^ori •lil.ir
••«•«* IlaTwarOs, Kllrs aod Way HUtlons. • l 1:11*
_ •tttOa* AtUnUj R«pteae U< leu «n-l Ba*« *O!l3»
•ViUUa Martinet. Tracy. Lathropv btocston,
Mererdaod Fresno *ISil3r
•»■••» Port Costa. I'rtino. Mo]a?e and 1 ..
AnielM . *fli-t3r
•IO:OOa Vail Martlnes and Way Htatlons *C:«.lr
•1 IxOO* Ilaywarda, Nilrsand Way Stations. *•»«••
•ISIxOOm Ml-*, LiTermora. Htoekton. Macra-
mento, M-adota, Uanford, Vleeili.
l'crtfrrllle MilSr
1l:00r Rucrameuto l'tTerBteam«rs t^iuor
•8:OOi- Ilaywarda, Mica and Way SUtlo&s. *3xl3r
•4:w«i- Martinez. Hau |tan> .. , Vallejo.
NapA. € '»!'-••. ,ga. tiauU lloe.i **■!■*
Miier Benicla, Vaoafllle. fiuraniento.
Woodland. Xi IflHa LuMlluf.
MaxT«»lll-. Ototlll. •I»4i>a
•4iBOr NUes.HsaJo4eauil{itod(ton •-!!»*
•SiOOrTha Owl Limited— Tracy. Ttrmo.
BAkenfleM. Haucoa foe Bant* l:ar-
bara,L.i« An;«l-« *Ax-t3i
•.ixsor Btockton, M-rc*.l. I'reano m rzti3r
•3x3Ur Fresno. Kak-rai - HaiiU llail>ara,
IjOS Ancelea. l»-ralii<. LI l'aao,
New Orleans and East •«•«•«
•3iß«r Mai.ta X.< Itoiite— Atlautlo Eiprees
for Mo>*e ami i >-■ .. *(l»!3r
•door rjaywaxiLi. Mies and Han Juso *Ti !."»«
I«i:iur fallej i •••tISt
•oi3u r- Oriental Mail-OsJen aad *Si.iOr
J?:U«»f VallLju. l'tf t r.«u mi.l Way Hta-
Uons. It>i33r
• SiO3r Orrsotiand CallfnrnU i;»i rr«».v< c -
rameutn, Mar}silll«, lle«Ulluc.
rortlan.l. r . t .t M.mr.l an.! I — t «Wil34
COAST DITISIOS (Marrow Ui|i).
(Foot f.t Market. Strm.t.l _____
*BiiaAVewark.C>uUrilllc,. < ;an.l(i4ie,l'Vltnn.
IJoulder Cttek.Sauta Crux and Way
HUtiuos . *3tS«r
t3il3r Newark Centervllle, Nan Jcso. New
Almaden, t'clton. Itculder < rrek.
Santa <'rui an 1 I'rluclpal Way
HUH ' i . ••0..t«4
*411.14 1 1.1 r Newark. Wan Jos«. LosGatos. *•■«•&
btlilSr Hunters' Ilicurslon. thau Jue* and
Way .Stations I7i— ■>
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rraasu f»4«CISCO— f««I *'. iitkit strut (Sip l>— ■
•7:15 ».OO nmi »:C3 *2:53 t) 30
•i:: 13:03 •:;;,- «.
fumOHUlD— ritltrßrudsiT.— '6:oo boo 10:00*. «.
t!2-G3 '1:03 la co «3.:3 ti:C3 •g.CCr.it.
COAST 111 VISION (Broad (Jaa«e).
flnlril Townae iwl .Sti.)
t4l:IOA Oc«au View, South M*n Frai>ci.tro.. (i»:Uur
*7iOOa Nan June ami Way Null, (New
Alina.lfii Wednesdays only) *|iMf
••■•4)a Hail Jose. Ties l'U>rm. HanU t'rm,
racllio Ofoe« turn Kobles. ban
Luis OMbml Surf. Lompoe ami
rrl..<-i|.al Way Huiloim *4il4>*
•I«i«4»a Bau Joaoaul Way HUtlons tiMt
•lIiSWa Ban Jose an.l Way Ktatioiia  •*■»•»
I3r San Matr... lU<lwoo<l. Menlo Park.
I'al.i Alto, HantaCUra. Han Juee,
Tir« linos. Hauta Cuts. hiuiuaa.
Monterey ami I'aelOc «Jro» e tlv:M4
MiMr!>inJaaiitii'l Way Htatlnna *?>3Op
till. Han J.ianau I Principal Way HUtloos *Otl.lA
i.lxOOrSanJose»adrrtndpalWayKut!ona '9:4>«a
*.%x3or San Jo« 9 an<! I'r i r»cir ■«! Way Hutio&s ■Ml|
*«J::t4>r flan Jose ami Wayfltatlous f •!»»<>♦
HI-.-45r San Joee an.l Way Hutl..im.. »7x3op
A for Morning I'for Aftarnoon.
• Daily t Hun.iar eieep«e<l. '. tttuxlay only..
6 Hatorday only. '
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
T I bur on Ferry. Foot of Market fit,
BAN" FRAXCTSOU TO BAN RATAEt
WEEK DATB-7:30. »;o<^ U:CO a. m. ; ltd*
•.;. 10 ' I:JO !?• m - Tbursdays— Eitra trl»
at 11: JO p. m. Saturdays— Extra, tripe, at VM
and 13 :Jn d. m.
B Y«P > «^d !:C b\ •* urn *■ - : l * ■"•
.BAN RAFAEL TO BAN TI^XCI9CCK
WEEK DATS— t:BO. •:». uT5> a. m.: U:e«V
I 40. 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* ai
t:6S and « 35 p. m.
BUNDATS-«:10, 1:40. 11:10 a. m.; i:4». 1:40. » «•«
1:13 o. m
Between San Francisco and Bchuetsen Park
•*m« schedule as above.
1314
HUNTINGTON FINISHES
A NEW GIGANTIC DEAL
Buys an Enormous Block of Stock
From General Hubbard.
Financiers and Railway Men Wonder
What May Be the Meaning of the
Sensational Purchase.
The Two Men Who Handled the Sale of the Last Big Block of Southern
Pacific Stock to the Huntington Interests.
NEW YORK, Dec. 4. — The Hunting! Speyer syndicate which purchased the Crocker and
Southern Pacific stock has closed another immense deal.
It c« light that General Thomas H. Huhbard f representing the original Mark
: which passed into the | m of Edward Searles, has sold to the syndicate one
hundred and forty thousand shai Southern Pacific Company stock at a price approximating
per shai 1
.tions were begun at the time Mrs. Stanford sold her stock, but the transac
nducted with the utmost secrecy, (ieneral Hubbard still represents as many shares
of stock as he - the syndicate, and will not relinquish his position as first vice president ot
mthern Pacific.
•okcr will leave here in a few days. IK- will go to San Francisco via Xew Or
:rncy inspect the property of the Pacific Improvement Company.
Th« fnregolng message, received nt a
Into hour last night, was corroborated by
r>rivat« dispatches from New York. Th*
♦ xact figure which Huhbard received for
the Sea.rl«-s stock is not given, but it va
ries only a fraction of a dollar from ?40.
It Is clear, therefor*, that the syndi
cate orgar.li.-d hy Speyer and Hunting
ton ha* Invested an additional lum of five
and a half million dollar* in Southern Pa
cific,
In well posted railway circles it is said
that CV>l!ls P. Huntington regards Gen
eral Hubbard as an exceptionally able
man. whoso services cannot well be
spared. Th« general's superior ability was
displayed In i-lar.nir.g ttnd executing the
reorganisation schema. No doubt It is Mr.
Huntlngton'n desire that General Hubbard
► hail recall a big block of stock, and con
tinue his service 1n the management of
th« bis corporation.
VThen tno stock owned by th<» Crocker
Estate Company was bought by the
Speyer pyndlcai<\ the public conjectured
that C. P. Huntington simply desired to
pet In position to manage affairs of the
company to suit himself, hut when The
Call published exclusively the Intelligence
that tho syndicate had purchased all of
Mrs. Stanford's stock In the corporation
It became obvious to the popular mind
that the Frhome represented something
more than Mr. Huntington'* persona] am
liSUon. T*<» t^-.«~-»~ «-• •- —• —
Special DispatrL to The Call.
100.000 shares. Diligent inquiry In New
York falls to disclose the number of
shares that he individually acquired from
the Stanford interest, or the Hubbard
block of stock.
The surprise of the year in the railway
world nay I"' in rex I •rations of
• ndicat" do not point to actual buy-
Huntlngton ar.d John W.
Murkay. but thf-re are others, because
from the beginning the syndicate bai
underwriting.
For <ximple Ppey.r and Huntington
g an option
Southern I'arlflc do not close the transac
tion with the owner until responsible par
ties have signified in writing a readiness
take a stipulated Bomber "f shares
each at a certain figure. Names of the
actua. .* •• known until
Huntington elect to di-
YVh'M Sj>»-yer & 00. <"h"
Make known the names of the capitalists
Cor whom they have b*en underwriting
tiprlae may come.
Th-- 1i«-!«l nf conjecture Is M «Me that
all kinds of Mjrmlfcs are sprung. Despite
denlh:- • .iding raJlr<,: t ii men cllnij
to the beUef that the Vanderbilts are
• '>ncrned in this vast deal in
South* m I'aciflc Company securities.
Again it Is burm!s.'d that the public will
b« Invited to purchase Southern Pad tic
an an lnvctment and th«« '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAT, DECEMBER 5. 1899.
tamed from Bpeyer, will be able to main
tain control of the majority of stock, hut
the speculators may Ramble to their
hearts' content with the shares on the
markf t.
George Crocker's Journey west from
New York will Involve an Inspection of
the town sites, coal mines, hotels, lands
! and properties generally owned by the
Pacific Improvement Company. The af
fairs of the company will be closed up
by the liquidating process, and no doubt
Mr. Crocker, whose Interests are merged
with those of the Crocker Estate Com
pany, will be able when he arrives here
to impart to his associates valuable in
formation regarding the worth of the
properties.
Mrs. Stanford will probably arrive here
! In advance of George Crocker. Before the
actual "wind-up." C. P. Huntington, Gen
eral Hubbard and Edward F. Seurles will
i come.
The P. I. Company Is a corporation with
100,000 shares of stock. Mrs. Stanford
owns 25.000 shares, the Crocker Estate
Company 25.000 shares. C. P. Huntington
25.000 shares, and Edward P. Searles 25.
| 000 shares. Estimates of the value of the
< entire property of the corporation range
from $25,000,000 to 140 nnn nnr»
STABBED HIMSELF TWENTY-ONE TIMES
LANKIfI McCLAHEN, a merchant of Crescent City. Del Xorte County,
attempted to commit suicide yesterday morning while temponully in
sane. In tn*> basement of the huns" at ir.:: Oak street, occupied by Mrs.
Maurice Windmlller. The lady was startled yesterday morning to and
a man !n t'.. i lement lvlng In a pool of blood and promptly notified ih<
Golden Gate lark police station. Policeman Hornier was detailed on the
and when be entered the premises he saw McClaien steadying him?' !f by hold
ing on to a bush. When Bonner spoae to him he said:
"The poll>. are after me and l tried to kill myself."
He was bailees, and Homier Utod him what he had done with his hit
and the knife with which he had cut himself, and he replied that they were
some blocks away. He had Jumpei over a fence ten feet high "urroundlng
Mrs. wiidmiii-T's lot, and finding the basement dour open entered.
Uonner took IfcClaren to ti*e Receiving Bospital, where Dr. Dray found
that ne had Stabbed himself twenty times in the region of the heart, tint
the wounds were only superfldaL He had also cut his left wrist sever ly
After his wounds were dressed a^id be was able to talk more rationally he
said he had been In linain lal .liflVulties and came to the city some days ago
t" effect a settlement with his sredltors and registered at the Qraad Ho
tel. He had suffered from nervousness and worry, and Sunday morning he
left the hctel and started in to dtlnk. That was all he could remember. H.;
had no recollection of where he had been or what he had been doing He must
have cut himself while suffering from the effects of the liquor. He haa a
wife and six children In Crescent City. The police telephone! to Man, did
ler & Co., who an- among his creditors, and learned that IfcClares had se
cured an extension of ninety days to put himself financially straight, and
when informed of the fad be wan deliphted. In the afternoon he was taken
to the home of pome friends on California street. He had his gold ■xa.'.ch,
diamond pin and some money "n his pockets.
HORSEFLESH IN
PUCE OF BEEF
IN THE BOLOGNA
Sausage Dealers Are
Guilty.
TWO MORE IN POLICE COURT
HEALTH BOARD CHEMIST TES-
XIIIES AGAxNST THEM.
Charles 'Wachter, a sausage manufac
turer at 247 Third street, and Louis Laub
ccher, keeper of a delicatessen store at
161 Ninth street, were found guilty yester
day morning In Police Judge Conlan'B
court, the one for manufacturing sausage
out of horseflesh, the other for keeping
such sausage on sale.
Wachter and Laubscher are brothers-in
law, and, as was explained on the stand,
have a family agreement that all sausages
sold in the Ninth-street delicatessen store
shall be purchased from the Third-sir--'
factory. Both men were arrested last
month by Officer Butterworth of the
Health Department, following a seizure
made at their places of business by City
Veterinary Surgeon O'Rourke and Health
Inspector Stewart.
On v " the stand yesterday O'Rourke and
Stewart testified that they had seized
sausftge supposed to be bologna and
frankfurter in Laubschsr*S store, and had
taken from YVnchter's factory some
minced sausage-meat, two pieces of meat
not minced and two sausages in casings.
All these seizures they marked for identi
fication and turned over for analysis to
Dr. Bothe, chemist to the Board of
Healui.
Dr. Bothe, on taking the stand, said that
he haa analyzed some of the seizures and
in th«»n had found glycogen and was pre
pared"to say that these samples contained
•flesh. Glycogen, he explained, was
I In the livers of all animals, but in
esh of only one— the horse. He had
ted the meat samples to the only
n chemical test*— nitric acid and
— and had found it present. He was
directly whether he would say posl
that the samples in which he had
th«» glycogen contained horseflesh.
s, Fir. he answered; "they con
i horseflesh." N
-ross-examlnation the attorneys for
jfense tried to shake his testimony
ding him if it was not possible that
might have been chopped up in th«
but he said again positively that he
not be mistaken— ft was horseflesh.
urther cross-examination, Dr. Bothe
rlyco«en was composed of carbon,
?en and oxygen, in Indeterminate
and that under the tests It was de
by a resultant reddish violet hue.
x asked if cornstarch was not com
of the same elements. He replied
t was, but the proportions were
. giving the formula,
■scher admitted that he worked for
e-maker Dutche. who recently
i guilty to the substitution of
esh for beef in sausages, but denied
I had ever purchased or taken any
•• from Deutche's factory to sell at
ire. Wachter denied that he had
manufactured any sausage from
esh.
the defense had submitted several
s for dismissal of the charges and
•errulod by Judge Conlan, the cases
übmitted without argument. Tho
ound both defendants guilty. fay
t under no circumstances would he
. decided had the evidence not been
lye to his mind that the charges
■oved He said he would be slow to
iy man's business by such a decl
ut was compelled to do so by in
1* proof. Sentence will be passed
/ednosdny.
eeplechase Presents an Excel
lent Bill for the Week.
drilling ride on the horses, whfrh
led In the price of admission, holds
avor us strongly as ever. The ao
is from «'oney Island are steadily
popularity. An especial object of
ilimtlon and Interest of the crowd
\rgest cf the three mechanical
'heae wonderful pieces of mechan
e secured In Germany at great
liss Bailey to Lecture.
Bailey, the well-known news
irrfspondent. who has Just i«
rom the Philippines after an ex
ay there, Is to give a lecture upon
litlon of affairs, the people and
bjects appertaining to that far-
Mies bailey's contributions to
•us journals in the country have
l~ly read, and she will no doubt
plendid word picture of the Phil
'hen she appears on the platform
f night. December 7, at the First
rian Church, corner Fourteenth
iklln streets, Oakland. The lec
• be Illustrated i>y means of <nov
ltill pictures^ Boen«a secured by
ley.
BALDWIN HOTEL
SITE BOUGHT BY
JAMES L. FLOOD
Nearly Million and a
Half Paid.
The Baldwin Hotel site, concerning the
disposal of which there has been so much
talk and speculation during the
year, has at last been sold by Thomas
Maget & Sons, representing E. J. Bald
win, to James 1,. Flood for H.425.00Q
When Mr. Baldwin refused to ratify the
first sale or agreement to sell made some
W«l ks an", it was feared that a long an-i
vexatious lawsuit would result. Thi3
possibility has been avoided and the wait
Just consmmated was largely the
of the efforts of Judge Tobin of the
Hlbernla Bank, which Institution holds a
mortgage on Baldwin's properties for
ll.tioti.wi. Judge ToMn urged a com
promise, and his advice has been listfiieii
to with the result that an arrang<
satisfactory to all parties Interested in
the deal has been perfected.
By the terms of the sale as finally
agreed upon Mr. Flood becomes the pos
sessor of the entire site formerly occupied
by the hotel, having a frontage of 20j feet
< n Market and Eddy streets, IT.', feet on
Powell and 137:6 on Ellis street. By the
terms of th»* first agreement, whicn Mr
Baldwin refused to sanction. Mr.
was to pay J1. 100.000 for the Market an.i
Eddy street fn ntage and 175 fe-t on
Powell street. Mr. Baldwin retaining tht
Powell and Ellis street corner, with a
100-foot frontage on the former and IJ7:<>
en the latter.
As the matter stands now, Mr. Baldwin
surrenders all his interests in the prop
erty mentioned, but retains the property
known as the Baldwin Annex, which he
has all along refused to put on the mar
ket.
Mr. Flood could not be seen last night,
but It is stated on the highest authority
that he will at once begin the erection of
a fine modern building on the site that
will he a credit to the city and fully in
keeping with the splendid location he has
secured. There have been numerous ru
mors as to the character of the build
ing he would erect provided the deal went
through, and the one that has received
the most credence Is that he will put op
h magnificent hotel hufdtng to cost In the
neighborhood <.f 0,009,000.
Whether the structure that will adorn
the site be ■ hotel or office building, how
ever, the fact remains that the unseemly
eyesore that at present defaces the corner
of Market, Eddy and Powell streets will
soon be wiped oat of existence.
College Men.
College men are always to be found at Zln
kand's. especially at lunch and dinner and
after the theater. •
A BEGGAR IN LUCK.
His Case Dismissed and a Subscrip-
tion Raised for Him.
Henry Moore, a gray-haired old mnn,
appeared In Judge Graham's court yes
terday to answer a charge of begging,
He was arrested Sunday at Butter and
Polk streets by Policeman Collins. The
old man told the Judge that he was at
one time wealthy but had been unfor
tunate in speculating in stocks. H e had
two sons In the Klondike and he ex
pected them home soon with lots of
money. The charge against him was dis
missed and a collection was taken up in
court for him. He went away happy
with $1 '<•> in his pocket. *
This is not the first time that Moore has
been arrested for begging. Policeman
Leonard on May 21 last arrested Moore
and charged him with vagrancy, and In
Judge Mogans court the next day the
officer testified that Moore was in the
habit of standing In front of the Occi
dental Hotel and the Lick House and so
liciting alms from the people passing in
and out. Moore told Judge Mogan ♦he
same story that he told Judge Graham
yesterday, and the Judge dismissed the
case on Moore's promise to keep away
from Montgomery street.
■ On the day Moore's case was dismissed
Judge Mogan received a letter from
Frank Van Tassel. 26S Eleventh street
which said. "Please send Colonel Moore
to me and I will assist him, as I know
that he Is telling the truth." Moore
peemed pleased, and got Van Tassel's ad
dress from the Judge and promised to
call on him.
Pr. Parker's Couch t'ure. One dos« win itop
* cough. »v»r fall* Try It All dragglau. •
A Defaulting Collector.
J. J. Kerrigan, collector for W. M.
Wright, city agent for the Pacific Mu
tual Life Insurance Company, was ar
rested yesterday by Detectives Ed Gib
son and Cody and booked at the City
Prison on a charge of misdemeanor em
bezzlement. The amount alleged In the
complaint Is 20 cents embezzled November
6. but It Is said the total amount Is con
siderable. Kerrigan admitted- embezzling
$39.
Hales.
the latest news i *"-"-*►!
from Santa's store.
nearly everybody went to Santa's store yesterday — packed to the door*
and what a jolly crowd!
Santa's automoble route this morning w II be (weather permitting) from Ha'e's to
Golden Gate aye. to Van Ness to Pacif.c aye. to Stoner to Jackson t:> Broderick to C ay
to First aye. to Sacramento to Walnut to Californ a to Ste.ner to Post to Webster to
Golden Ga'e to Hales, get your letter* ready.
if it does not ram his p m. route will be from Ha es to Taylor to Turk to
Leavenworth to Ellis to Hyde to O'FarreM to Larkm to Geary to Polk to Vallejc
Ness to Golden Git<? tn Hale s. get your letters ready
have you talked w.th Mrs. Reyno'ds about Arnold s knit goods' she is agn
nurse and is waiting for you with interesting ideas on baby are«mg and ci
comfort
a ribbon sale in the nick o1o 1 time !
just at the time you need them— to brighten up your fancy work— the finishing
touch on many an incomDleted present, but best of all is the saving.
12.000 YARDS— Hale* second quality all silk ribbon, satin an 1 str .--. craln. ptsln taffeta and
moire taffeta. in almost every wanted shade, on the tables In aisle 2. be»cinnln«; to-day.
No. 1. 1 In. wide, satin or taffeta yard No. 16. 24 In. wld». satin or taft>ta. USe yard
No. 7. l'« in. wide, satin or taffeta.... 6cyard:No. K. 2% In. wide, satin or tafTMa.. i> ynrd
No. 9 14 In. wide, satin or taffeta. B l-2c yard; No. 4". 31-3 in. wide, taffeta only . l> ynrd
No. 11, V % in. wide, satin or taffeta.. ..10c yard No. 40. 3 1-3 In. wide, satin only '.Zos yard
the silverware section.
a busy row o' c^unfri always
CHILD'S KNIFE. FORK AND SPOON SETS— The famous Rosen' plate, different pattern*.
INFANTS' COMB AND BRUSH SETS^Sterllnft silver, in a satin-lined "box'," HaVe", 'sliver!
INFANTS 1 COMB AM> BRUSH BETB St^rllnK mlver. In a »atln :
ware depart m«-nt . li IS
MANICURE SETS— Sterllnjc silver, three pieces, satin-lined box, a hint for a lady.... H 75
'•.LAPS ATOMIZERS— A Rood assortment of many kinds, from m. lln
STERLING SILVER BACK BRUSH AND COMB SETS— In «atln-l box. especially pr'ettr
MILITARY liHIS' • . r bark, for K«-ntleni*n." *atln-ilr-
EBONY "COMB AND "BRUSH— With Jsterlln«; »iiver mountinßii. *atln-ilne'd"caie."a" 'bea'uttfiil
BBONT COMB ANI> Fmi'SH— With Sterllnit iOtot mountlnit*, ».itln-!ln^d cane, a r-
Klft for anybody it ,.',
GOLD-rLATED BRUSH. COMB AND MlRROR— Painted porcelain backs, a dainty gift f->r
a lady, put up In natln-llned case v |4jo
the big toy bazaar.
the hobby department of Santa Claus
DISSECTED MAP '<*■• CALIFORNIA— Each nectlon cut on county lines, educatlre *>-
DOLL, BTTGOIKB a 24-Inch body, a Rood knockabout busiry iS
LITTLE RED CHAIRS ~-i ln> -V. iwat. stronjc and pretty "" zr
MAGIC LANTERNS— A bin lot for all-Klre boys, from '.'."'jAcun
Dolls by hundreds, horses, sheep, runs. drums, broks. blocks, iramep. tree '-'ria'sMis
waironji. velocipedes, wheelbarrowii. tricycles, bicycles, doll cabn. baby cabs, musical toy.
Iron toys, tin toys, wood toys— in fact, everything anybody would think of.
Christmas kerchiefs by thousands,
MM HANDKERCHIEFS-BouKht In bulk for cai-h by Hale' s at a bis; naTinr. Odd fraction.
of dozen left over in the factories. Swiss and cambric handkerchiefs In lace an* emSHT
dered edices and lace corners. me (treat values among them and all at one prle. on th.
tables beginning to-day ...U« each
the largest assortment of handkerchiefs we hare ever carried ready for
Christmas demands. You save when you pay Hate's prices. ' r
935. 937, 939 941, i^JSLJW — ffl m Arnolds knit coeds
943, 945, 947 g.ve bab a
Market M^^ooZoso&^ kick chance to
Street 4*^ Goon gooo^ kick apd
NOT STARVED TO
DEATH IN THE
TARTAR'S CABIN
End of the Collins
Sensation.
INVESTIGATOR'S REPORT IN
DISPOSES OF ALL THE SEBIOUS
ALLEGATIONS.
The Investigation into the treatment of
Mrs. Collins upon the transport Tartar
Is finished. The report of Major Galla
gher, in whose hands the investigation
was left, is in. and it punctures the cheap
sensation it was hoped could be built upon
the affair. There was no starvation;
there were no blows nor bruises; there
was no neglect and there was no mis
treatment. There was no occasion for
charges, and there will be no courts-mar
tial. The attempt to make a sensation
out of the whole affair has ended as so
many other such attempts have failed,
and for the same reason. There was
nothing in it from the start.
It was true- Mrs. Collins did not eat
much on the transport; but neither did
any of the other Beasick passengers, all
of them in much better health than she
was too. And after Mrs. Collins came
ashore and was provided lor at the houae
of Mrs. Brett, she did not eat either,
and food had to be forced upon her. It
was true Airs. Collins did not have the
constant attendance of a trained nurse
while she was on the transport, but it
Is also true she refused, in a manner that
left no opportunity for further advances,
all offers of assistance from the other
ladies on the vessel. She had on her per
son Jewels and money to the value of
many thousands of dollars, but these
were taken in charge by the captain of
the transport, and by him were turned
over to her relatives after she landed.
She was not robbed of $300 as was stated.
Major Gallagher examined a Miss Kerr,
Mrs Clay, the stewardess of the Tartar;
Dr Glrard, commandant of the general
hospital and the physician who attended
Mrs Collins after she arrived here. Dr.
Everetts. Mrs. Funston, who came homo
on the Tartar: Lieutenant Colonel Bay
llss of the Tennessee Regiment, who gave
up his stateroom to Mrs. Collins, and
others. Their testimony was all of the
same character.
The charges or complaints did not come
from Mrs. Brett, as people were led to be
lieve but from a Bister of the dead
woman. That they were unfounded no
one who knows of the conditions obtain
ing on board a crowded transport ever
doubted. It was a mistake for the woman
to travel on the vessel at all. but if she
had been left alone In Hongkong, sick in
body and sick In mind, more serious
charges even than those preferred would
have probably gone on to "Washington. She
could not be left behind, no she was taken
along and the best care possible on a
transport designed to carry only well
men not sick women, was accorded her.
That the transport Itself was not the best
was a misfortune, but the result would
have been the same. That Is the drift of
the report, and that is practically the end
of the affair. ......
The last of the Forty-ninth will leave
the Presidio this morning, and with them
will end the era of volunteers that has
made the Presidio so attractive to the
many ever sine** the war with Spain made
the canvas cities spring up. The Forty
eighth, tied up with smallpox on Angel
Island. Is still to go. but It will not come
over to this *lde again. It will be em
barked from the island.
Just when this will be is a problem, but
one that will be solved within twelve
days, for In that time. If there are no
more cases, the quarantine will bo de
clared off. There are seven cases now.
and it is nine days since one has devel
oped, so twelve days more without an
other case will free the men. The situa
tion at the dententlon camp at the Pre
sidio remains unchanged.
Father McKlnnon, now a chaplain in
the regular army, has been ordered to
proceed to Manila by the transport Sher
man, which will sail to-day.
The trial of Chaplain Shields did not
proceed yesterday, as was expected, for
neither side of the case Is quite ready. It
will probably go on to-morrow.
DANIEL HENARIES WILL.
The Testator Neglects to Make Pro
vision for His Widow.
The will of Daniel V. B. HWMMrU. the
wholesale liquor merchant, who died on
November 2*. mi ftl^d for probate yester
day. The estate of the deceased is worth
about $250,000. although In the petition It
is said that Its value Is unknown, exrept
that It will exceed JlO.Ono. It Is typewrit
ten and bears the date of Or tuber
23, 1886. and is witnessed by Rlchanl < .
Han-tson and Alfred Hutro. Nn pro\TSTon
is made for the widow, Mrs. Mary A.
H&le's.
mmm
mmm
nr«d him thre« year.. $T-» The resl
I "uJ«D
:■:--■
Radgesky are appoints! executors.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Gifts for
Christmas!
The assortment of goods we have on
exhibition suitable for Christmas bUm
comprise every desirable article that
years of experience couid surest
An Inspection of the different depart-
ments will aid your Christmas buying
and at the mi tirn. prove of Interest
We Invite your attention to the following:
Cut-glass Jardinieres
Art Novelties Dinner Beta
Clocks Glassware
Urlc-a-brac Cabinets
Ornaments Statuary
Lamps Mirrors
French and Encllsh China.
In the Picture Department we- offer
some particularly choice and appropriate
sugßestlons— carbons, water colors en-
fr;u Iruf^. etchings and oil palntlnjrs. ' All
the latest styles In framing from the
most expensive to the simplest and
cheapest.
We Invite you to make your selection
now for Christmas delivery.
S. &G. GUMP CO.,
113-115 Geary Street.
Catarrh; Deafness,
H»fc^v!«>^^ Throat*
* -fa« j LUNb
Diseases Positively Cured by
DR. GOTTINGHAM'S .SS.
632 Market St opp. Palace Hotel.
Marble stair entrance.
Hours — 1-12 a. m.; 1-3 and 7-3 p. m.
Cot this out. present at once; good for one
week FREE TREATMENT and medicine at
office, or write for particulars. Do not delay.
Elite Chinaware
Bargains.
If* Worth Vonr
Com in Just to Sec.
Great American ImportiDE Tea Co.
Stores Everywhere,
100 Stores.
11 The luxury, comfort, eonvenl«oc*s, •
ii cuisine and moUcrat* chargea aavt 4
4 Clven the «
| PALACE and ;|
; GRAND :
♦ 1
♦ hotels a reputation that Is known wher. «
I ever the English language Is spoken. .
(' Connected by a coveretl passageway— i
II 1400 rooms— with baths. I
« JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK. Manager. J
COKE! COKE!
F. A. MCDONALD. f '
.Wholesale Dealer and Shipper of Cn— ,
oirrics m rohaou sx.