VOLUME LXXXVI-NO. 21.
BRITISH READY TO MOVE
ON THE TRANSVAAL
BOER TROOPS ARE BUSILY DRILLING
The Town House and Market Place of Kimberley.
CAPE TOWN. June 2".— The ac
tivity of the War Office l"cal au
thorities has been suspended in
the ■ ■ ■•' contracts far cer-
tain military requisites on the
ground that the regiments nre now
r»ady to leave Cape Town for Kimberley
at short notice. An engine driver <>n
thr> Cape Railway declares that he has
Been men, armed and mounted, engaged
in drilling at Houtkraal, near I
and Pontfontein, not far from Kimber
ley. Hp was Informed that they were
Dutchmen preparing to assist the Boers
in the event of hostilities.
CHICAGi \ I . i.— Lord Cecil
Douglass Compton, an English <hap
ot tanCefS; alter a bn<>f stay in
Chicago, left tor the East last night
v, ith his wife Lord Compton served
ith Africa for five years. Ho did
in the Jan I, hut
ho was In the country at that tune and
Immediately after that untoward enter
prise he entered the Transvaal country
much of it. He knows
th<» Boers and their country and he con
'i both critically, from the s;
point of .1 military officer and studf-nt.
poke of the Transvaal. problem en
: as a military man.
H<-- said: "There are motives of fair
and humanity which make Great
Britain exceedingly reluctant to inter
n Snuth Africa by force. Bui it
is "nly candid to say that consider a -
of a military character a!<" oper
about rushing
. :. which must put forth
the must formidabl les and In
questions of transports, supply
JEWISH BOYS IN
PITCHED BATTLE
WITH CHRISTIANS
Necessary to Call Out
Police to Disperse tfye
Young paoatics.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The spirit of anti-Semitism has
manifested itself, in the youth of
Chicago, and yesterday more than
fifty laos — Jews and Christians — ;
I i nee/ up in one of the- streets of
that city and fought a bloody bat
tle which it was necessary to call
the police to stop.
None of the boys were seriously
hurt, and only two were caught by
the officers. The feeling between
the different religionists is said,
however, to be growing in bitter
ness.
CHICAGO. June 20.— A pitrhed bat
tle between boys of the rhristian
and Jewish faiths «,va.« fought at
Henry and Fourteenth streets to
day. The was a severe one,
and many boys were Struck by stones,
clubs and other missiles. The arrival
of the pniire prevented serious injury,
but two buys were arrested. At the
Maxwell -streel Police Station they
pave their names as Charles Rass, 16
years old. and Walter Meyer, IS years
old. There were over fifty buys in the
figrht and hlon<]\ noßes and discolored
ryes were numerous when the police
n P pea red.
The fight wns the result of the bitter
feeling existing between the Jewish
;ind Thrift ian boys of the neighbor
hood. Several pmall fiphts had or
curred during the last few days, and
The San Francisco Call.
THE NATAL
VOLUNTEERS
HELD READY
LONDON, June 21.— The Cape
Town correspondent of thp Daily
Mail says: The Natal volunteers
have been officially ordered to
hold themselves in readiness for
■ 3( -'. .. •■.
and strategy that mi£*ht stagger a mili
\pert.
'ill the first place, thf> Borrs of the
Transvaal are magnifWnt guerilla sol.
Their history ha? proved it and
they are fully up t<> their standard to
day. They aro expert marksmen, born
h riders, such as your own cow
boys, and their courage and tenacity is
undeniable. Individually thf-y are as
military stuff as the world r ir >s
b. They also are thoroughly con
vinced of the justice of their cause and
would di<> to a man at the word of
Oom Paul.
•But. aside from thHr morals and
ih^ir fitness, the Transvaal country |
is one admirably adapted for the pur
poses of defense. It is inland, with
large uninhabited space. An army in
vading it must have a distant base
and its supplies must he brought
through a s<-mi-tropiral country under
the most disadvantageous conditions.
Caoe Town is a thousand miles from
the Vaal River, and if an attack were
to be mad» fr<>m Natal there would b" '
1 last evening the lenders of both sides !
decided that the hattle must b<> held—
thai satisfaction could only be had in
j that way — and Immediately prepara- |
tii ms for the fight were made.
Th" Christians attend the numerous
parochial schools in the vicinity, and
they allege that the insults by the Jows
have been unbearable. On the other
hand, the Jewish boys say the Christ
ians time and again have attacked and
beaten them while they were on their 1
way to Bchool.
Both sides lined up their forces and i
a count showed them about evenly bal- j
anced. Henry and Fourteenth streets
was chosen as the scene of battle, and
early this morning residents In that
neighborhood became aware of the fact
1 that something was about to happen.
• The boys began to assemble in the al
, leys', streets, yards and other places by
th>^ score. All grades of youth were
represented in the gathering, and judg- i
; ins? from their actions, the neighbors!
1 concluded something important was to j
. occur.
The boys made no disturbance for j
several hours, hut stood about in!
groups and in low voices discussed
their troubles and the proposed battle. !
Sentiment went from one point to an- )
other, and late risers were hurried from I
; their homes and marshaled to the field. J
Others came with their aims full of j
stones, clubs, mud" and missiles of vari- i
ous kinds to be used in the religious ;
war.
As the morninp advanced, the streets!
became crowded with juveniles, and at |
a signal both factions lined up on op- j
posite sides of the way and the hat- |
tie was begun. The Christians led the i
attack, and with stones and clubs
drove the Jewish boys half a block
down the street. The retreating ones, i
however, were reinforced and by sony- j
clever movements surrounded the I
Christians and the battle was on in ',
earnest. For a few minutes the air
was full of flying bricks, stones and j
clubs, and then the fighters came to
gether with a clash. A hand to hand
Btruggie followed, and the fighters
clubbed and beat one another right and
left. Blood flowed freely and many of
the youngsters received painful in
juries, but remained on the spot, and
witnesses say none left the field.
"Hurrah for the Christians."' shouted ■
the leader of that crowd, as his follow- j
era broke through the Jewish lines and I
belabored their enemies right and left, j
•Hurrah for the Jews." shouted the
others, as they blocked the progress of
Continued on Second Page.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 21, 1899.
mountains to -work through and much
tropical growth. The question of trans
portatlon would be eerlous. We wouM
need thousands of mules, which must
be brought from South America. The
ocean distance and the adverse climate
would kill the animals off by the hun
dreds, and the actual work would en
tail own Teater losses.
"There is a question of strategy as
well. The Boers would be difficult, to
hit in a mass. Indeed, they might not
be mobilized in a European sense at all. j
In an arid, rocky country filled with
splendid shots, with no real objective
point to capture, with a disaffected or
actively hostile population on your
Hank or rear, the conquest of the
Transvaal would be one of the most
arduous undertakings we ever entered
upon. In my opinion, no less than 60,000
men would be required. Tour own Phil
ippine war is not so different. Indeed,
it is folly to underestimate the mili
tary strength of the Transvaal, which
pro< eeds not alone from the material
character of the population but also
from the nature of the country itself.
"And the Boers are armed to the
teeth. The money raised by taxation
of Uitlanaers has been spent in arms
and artillery, so that the republic re
peats, on a small scale the military
campaign which the continental pow
ers exhibit on a great scale."
LONDON, June 21.— The Daily Tele
graph this morning says it under
stands that In the event of war with
the Transvaal Lieutenant General Sir
Redvers Henry Buller will be the com
mander of the British forces in South
Africa.
LANDING PLACE
OF DREYFUS IS
KEPT SECRET
Precautions Ta^en by the
French Government to
Prevent Trouble.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The utmost precautions are be
ing taken to guard against an up
rising in France upon the occasion
of the landing of Dreyfus. The
Government of ihe republic knows
its people. Whether the attempt
to prevent a tumult will succeed
remains to be seen. There is
small occasion apparently to fear
for the republic,
PARIS, June 20.— The approaching
arrival of Dreyfus Rennes is
causing an Influx of foreigners
there. The hotels are besieged
with applicants for rooms, which
command, immense prices.
The arrangements for the conveyance
of the prisoner from Brest have been
made with the greatest care, and it is
believed there if no danger of demon
strations. Dreyfus is expected to reach
Brest early in the morning, and pre
cautions have been taken to prevent
anybody cf-eine: him either at Brest or
at Rennes.
The Figaro to-day says it under
stands Dreyfus will arrive at Rennes
on June 30. and that he will be landed
elsewhere than at Brest.
Comte de Dion and Comte d'Aubigny,
who were sentenced June 16 to two
weeks' imprisonment and to pay 100
francs' fine, after having been con
victed of complicity in the disturbances
at Auteuil June 4, when Baron Chris
Continued on Second Page.
THE LATIN
CATHOLICS
AMERICANS
Religious Sympathies Go
With the United States
Rather Than Spain.
TO getTcardinal
Leo Likely to Take That Method of i
Allaying Discontent in South
America.
Filial Cabl? to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
The council of Latin- American
Bishops, called to Rome by the
Pope, seems likely to eventuate in
the development of a tendency on
the part of the Catholics of Mexico
and Central and South America to
share the spirit of the church as
demonstrated by its leaders in
North America rather than to
revert in its sympathies to the
Spanish hierarchy.
The Bishop of Bogota, one 01
the leaders of the council, voiced
, this sentiment when he said that
South American churchmen wanted
it understood that they were Amer
icans, and not Spanish.
ROME. June 20. — I met this morning
Monsignor O'Connell, the friend of
Monsignor Ireland, and ho confirmed
the announcement that the Archbishop
of St. Paul will shortly visit London.
The date of Monsignor Ireland"s re
turn to America is not yet settled, but
it is now certain that he will not go
bark to Rome before leaving Europe.
I took advantage of the opportunity
to ask the former rector of the North
American College his opinion on the
■work of the Latin-American Council,
now sitting at Rome.
Monßignor O'Connell seemed to think
that there exist* a sort of antaronfftm
or latent dualism between the < 'atho
lics of North and South America.
When the South American Council was
convoked by the Pope, there was an
impression in the United States that it
was intended to consolidate Latinism
in the New vrorld in order to oppose
it to Americanism* which prevails in
the North. a~ ' this impression re
mains. If such were the object of the
Council, it will have no influence upon
the Catholics of the United States,
from whom those of L,atin America,
from Mexico to Cape Horn, are more
remote than those of Europe. But since
the arrival in Rome of the Bishops
summoned to the Council. Monsignor
n'Connell's personal impressions have
been modified. He has observed with
pleasure that the South American
Episcopate is not so much animated by
Spanish ideas as in the past, and that
it is not, like the Spanish Episcopate,
more Catholic than the Pope and
blindly obedient to the will of the Ro
man Curia.
A certain amount of bad humor pre
vails among the members of the South
American Episcopate, who openly com
plain that they have been neglected by
the Vatican. The Pope and those in
immediate contact with him perceive
this and are seeking how the discon
tent may be dissipated. Monsignor
O'Connell believes that a South Ameri
can Cardinal will be created shortly.
Doubtless the possibility of this crea
tion induced the majority of the coun
cil not. to elect its president, but to re
quest tlip Pope to appoint him, with the
idea that the president chosen by the
Pontiff would be the Bishop destined to
be raised to the purple.
In any case, whatever may be the
resolutions of the council, they will in
no way modify the conditions of exist
ence or the tendency of Catholicism in
Anglo-Saxon America.
Such, In brief, are the views of Mon
signor OTonnell, expressed to me in
the course of a short conversation.
Before leaving I informed him that
Archbishop Restrepo of Rogota wished
it to be known that the members of the
council are not Spaniards, but Ameri
cans, and that their sympathies, es
pectally in matters of religion, .are not
with Spain, but with the Americans, as
religion is understood and practiced in
thf> United States, and that this truth
will sooner or later be recognized at the
Vatican.
"It may be so," said Monsignor
O'Connell. shrugging his shoulders.
"Archbishop Restrepo is very intel
ligent, serious and broad-minded, but
the rest, or at any rate most of them,
think otherwise."
JURY MAY DISAGREE
IN MOORE'S CASE
Majority Favors Death Penalty,
While the Others Want Lighter
Punishment.
NEVADA CITY, .lun^ 20.— At 10 o'clock
to-night the Moore jnry is still out. with
slight chunefs of agreeing. A majority
is said to stand stubbornly for the death
penalty, while tho rost declare they will
not concede. The defendant went to bed
in his cell before S o'clock and has been
sleeping peacefully ever since. His aged
father and Attorney Tyrrell are at tln>
courthouse, mightily pleased over the
situation, and a crowd of citizens is
around the building, awaiting the ver
dict.
Old Man's Fatal Fall.
LODT. June 20.— Robert Cope fell from
the hay loft of a barn this afternoon
while filling thn mow with hay. His skull
was fractured and death followed almost
instantly. He was 64 years of age and a
native of England. He leaves four chil
dren.
THE SULTAN IS IN FEAR OF
WAR WITH SERVIA.
SENDS AN ENVOY TO THE FRONTIER
D ERLIN, June 20. -The Turkish Embassador here
*-* has received instructions from tne Sultan in
compliance with which he at once started for the
scene of the Turco-Servian frontier troubles. He
is instructed to go as near as possible by rail to the
scene of conflict and then to post on as fast as
horses can carry him. The Sultan takes the matter
in a serious light, and wants to know the truth
without delay.
BOURGEOIS MAY BE THE
PREMIER OF FRANCE.
PARIS. June 20.— President Loubet
has asked M. Bourgeois, who Is
head of the French delegation at
The Hapue. peace conference, to
form a Cabinet.
The prolongation of the Cabinet crisis
is becoming most serious. MM. Dupuy
and Lockroy both called on President
Loubet day and expressed their
anxiety to he relieved of the responsi
bilities of office as soon as possible. It
is reported orders have been sent to
St. Michaels, Azores, directing the com
mander of the French cruiser Sfax,
which is bringing Captain Dreyfus to
France, to remain there a short time
so as not to arrive in home waters un
til the new Ministry is installed.
Should M. Bourgeois accept the task
of forming a ministry it is thought his
chances of success would be fairly
good. His prestige has been much in
creased by the part he played in the
deliberations of the peace conference at
The Hague.
The latest gossip favors a combina
tion Cabinet, including MM. Bourgeois,
Brisson, Poincaire and TValdeck-Rous
seau, but nothing will be known until
M. Bourgeois arrives.
M. Waldeck-Rousseau. discussing his
failure, is reported to have said: "I
met with the utmost friendliness and
straightforwardness from my former
adversaries, but found only treason and
cowardice among my old allies."
It will be remembered that in the
crisis of isor,. M. Bourgeois formed a
Cabinet for President Faure, the body
being composed exclusively of mem
bers of the Radical party. "With the
exception of the Dreyfus developments
the condition then was similar to that
existing at present.
NO INDEMNITY
TO BE PAID
TO GERMANS
This Government Believes
Kautz Is Right, and Will
Support Him.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS. WEL
LINGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON.
June 20. — Considerable astonishment is
expressed in official circles at the an
nouncement of Herr yon Bulow yes
terday at the attitude of Germany on
thf> kingshln and indemnity questions
growing out of the Samoan contro
versy. Herr yon Bulow's statement
•was that a demand will he made
by the German Government "for
full indemnification of Germans
whose property was destroyed by
illegal British or American ac
tion." It is regarded as highly im
portant and presents a serious phase of
the controversy. This Government. I
was told by an administration official,
feels that Admiral Kautz, in endeavor
ing to re-cptablish peace and order in
Samoa, acted in accordance with the
recognized provisions of international
law and the Berlin treaty, and the au
thorities here will most certainly re
ject any claims filed against us by the
German Foreign Office.
The authorities declarp that the real
responsibility for the Samoan trouble
rests upon the official representatives
of Germany at Apia, who started and
assisted the Mataafans in the In
surrection as a result of the decision
of the Chief Justice on the kingship
question, made in accordance with the
terms of the Berlin act, and that if
Germany desires to indemnify her sub
jects for their losses she will have to
settle their claims herself.
It appears from Herr yon Rulow's
statement that he has advices later
than those in possession of the State
Department. The authorities have been
informed of the reception and examina
tion of Malietoa Tanu and Mataafa,
but they have not been officially ad
vised of the release of Huffnagle and
Marquardt, the two Germans arrested
on charges of alleged complicity in the
operations of Mataafa's men.
M. LEON BOURGEOIS.
ENGLAND
NOT TO BUY
KILLARNEY
Balfour Says the Place Is
of Small Value to
Tourists.
Bppcial Dispatch to Th« Call.
LONDON. June 20.— Replying to a
question on the subject in the House of |
Commons to-day Gerald Ralfour, Chief
Secretary for Ireland, admitted that ■
the County Council of Kerry had peti
tioned the Government to purchase the i
Herbert estate in Killarney. But, he
added, there was no evidence of a pren
eral demand on the part of the public
to purchase the estate, as the place, he
explained was removed from the popu
lous centers and was of no value to
tourists during many months of the ;
year.
CROWD AT A FIRE
BECOMES DEMORALIZED
Throws Out Mirrors and Crockery
and Lowers Mattresses With
Hopes.
TACOMA. June 20.— The Montello Hotel.
a fashionable apartment house, was par
tially destroyed by fire to-night. Lieu
tenant Otto Sehlegel and Captain RuphcH
of the Fire Department were carrier] out
of the building, overcome by smoke, and
V. R. Egermeyer. a fireman, was struck
by the nozzle of a falling ho«?e and
knocked off a ladder. None of the firemen
were seriously Injured. The damage to
the building will amount to $20,000. Tho
chief loss to occupants of the house was
through breakage in removing furniture.
An overzealoua crowd threw mirrors and
crockery from the third-story windows
and carefully lowered mattresses and
carpets by ropes, interfering to some ex- ;
tent with the Fire Department's work. !
D. B. Donnelly, a grocer, occupying a
storeroom, loses $2000 and T. V. Tyler, a
druggist, is a slight loser. The origin of
the fire is unknown^
Brothers to Be Hanged.
BISBEE, Ariz., June 20.— A special to
the Orb from Tombstone says the HalJor
man brothers, under indictment for the
murder of Constable Ainsworth and Ted
Moore, were found guilty of murder in
the first degree and the penalty fixed at
death.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
WHEATON'S
MEN ENTER
DAS MARINAS
As the Town Is an Unimpor
tant Place the Troops
Will Return to Imus.
Sppclal DiFpatrh to The Call.
MANILA, June 20. — The troops com
manded by General Wheaton entered
Perez das Marinas to-day without op
position, except upon the part of small
bodies of rebels, who inflicted no losses
upon the Americans. The town is an
unimportant . place. surrounded by
swamps, and General Wheaton will
probably return to Imus.
Pear Admiral John C. TVatson ar
il here to-day on hoard the United
:es transport Zafiro from Hongrkontr
raised his flap o n the T'nited States
rruiser Baltimore. The rommanders of
all the warships called upon the ad
miral during the day.
RECRUITS STARVING
WHILE COMING WEST
COLORADO SPRINGS. Colo.. June
20. — Thirty-eight recruits from "Water
bury. Conn., m route to Manila, passed
through this city to-day on their way
to San Francisco. They were almost
on the puint of starvation, having ex
hausted their five- days' rations because
of a delay <>n the trip and having no
money to buy more provisions. The
women of the Red Cross Society here
immediately went to the depot. Thf*
recruits were priven breakfast at the
hotel and were started westward with
a supply of eatables and 50 cents each
in money. The local Red Cross So
ciety may investigate the matter, as
they felt indignant at the way the re
cruits were treated.
ARMY TO BE INCREASED
BY ENLISTMENT ONLY
WASHINGTON-, June 20.— "When th«
President returns he will consider the
propriety of increasing the army in or2
d^r to place additional troops at Gen
era] Otis/ disposal. You may say post- i
tlvely, however, that there will be no
call for volunteers; that any Increase of
the army made will be effected by means
of enlistment. Recruits so obtained will
be formed into regiments and drilled for
service in the Philippines."
This Btatement was made to me to-day
by a high official of the administration
with whom I talked respecting the ad
visability of calling out 'volunteers. "I
expect then' will b.. great pressure from
1 rganizatlons to bt- p^rmitt^d to en- |
ter the service," lie continued, "but this )
plan is not entirely satisfactory. Com
manding officers will be selected from
11 iß< who I . • had experience. It is not !
proposed t.i appoint any green men. but
to get th — i - k havi seen Bervice and
whi' therefor* know what they will have
t" >\f without undergoing any lengthy
course ••! t rainii ■
Ret ims r< eived by the department
from recruiting officers Bhow that they
i:ts at the rate ,
1 per week, !'■; t>iis number, it is
.-air:, can be increased whenever the
gives :!]<■ necessary lnstruc- j
.■. nearly 5000 recruits
i ■ s.i :i Francisco well drilled and ready
for t!,.' trip to Manila, but the steamer
■ Insufflch i^t to pro
em. War Department officials
:• nt ill. I.'1 .' if tin- President d< -
return to authorize t he .n
---nt of men to Increase the army, a
i»njo! • • volunteers will be formed
and ready for transportation to Manila
:
LANDING PLACE
OF DREYFUS
KEPT SECRET
Continued from First Page.
tiani assaulted President Loubet vith
k, and for which he waa sentem ••■!
ir years' Imprisonment on June 6,
• released from prison to-day. A
few of their relatives and friends
awaited them at the prison door. They
apparently have not suffered from con
y went to the Automo
iClub, where ;i lunch was given hy
the members in honor of their release.
<v>nit>' de Dion afterward visited the
automobile exhibition, where he was
warmly greeted.
Th.' courthouse at Rennes adjoins
the prison. Captain Dreyfus will be
ourt through a specially
const) or. It is proposed to fix
a screen In front of the window of his
cell bo as to prevent his communica
tion with the houses opposite. The
• I b has already arrived
at !; s and been deposited in the
lit Lyonnaise under sen
lard.
TO PURCHASE TESTIMONIAL
FOR CAPTAIN DREYFUS
CHICAGO, June 20. — Chicago Jews
and , ■ the Jewish nationality in
all the large cities are contributing
funds for the purchase of suitable tes
timonials to be presented to Captain
Dreyfus, Emlle Zola and Colonel Pic
quart, it is planned i" honor the re
turned soldier-convict from Devils Isl
and with a gold-mounted and diamond -
nd richly engraved sword. To his
stalwart defender, Emile Zola, whose
• the army officer led to his
exile from his native country, will be
given a Bolld gold pen, neatly engraved.
To Colonel Picquart, stanch friend of
Dreyfus, will be presented a sold lov
ing cup with a richly engraved inscrlp
-1 lon.
Money for the buying of the tokens is
being donated to the fund in 10 cent
1 already hundreds of dollars
have t" ■ n contributed.
DEMOCRATS OF KENTUCKY.
They Are Lining Up i.or the State
Convention.
LOUISVILLE, Ky.. June 20.— About a
thousand representatives of Kentucky
Democrats ; are busily engaged to-night
with the most interesting political contest
that has come up witain their ranks for a
number of years. Vhe State convention,
which meets at Central Music Hall la
morrow afternoon to nominate a. . full
State ticket, promises to be long and bit-,
ter. The sharpness of .the struggle .be
tween the three leading . candidates .for
Governor, General P. Watt^iiardin, "W. J.
Stone and" "William <;• •■bt-i, has -not yet
been ened by the numberless confer
rnces which have Occupied their follow
ers to-day and to-night.
The general trend of these maneuvers
has been toward a Stone-Goebel organiza
tion. ::nd jate to-night this was practically
agreed upon. The -plan -is said to be to
throw the combined vote of these two can
didates to Stone for Governor if Goebel.
after a full test of his individual strength
In th- convention^ shall fall of a nomina
tion. Goebel, who is credited with being
the shrewdest • political- 1 manager of the
three aspirants, had 200 delegates instruct
ed for him first, last and always, and with
this fulcrum he has given to-night's con
ference a turn much more favorable to
himself than might have been said, as ho
has the smallest number of instructed del
egates. Failing a nomination for Gov
ernor, Goebel; it is said, is to secure the
minor offices for his friends and control
the State Central Committee.. With the
party organization in his hands during the
campaign he will be in a strong position
for the next Senatorial fight.
♦
Feachers' Certificates Awarded
MARYSVILLE. June 20.— Aa a result of
the examination of applicants for teach
> rs' certificates, which Hosed at Ynha
City yesterday, the Butter County Roard
of Education will award certificates aa
follows: Grammar grade— Harriette M.
ennn, Yuha City: Mabel Nash, Nlcolaus;
Elsie L. Potttfe. East Butte; Pearl Is
lington and Bortha S. Lisle. Sutter City;
Rosette J. Rich. Wheatland; Daisy St<>lp,
Nicolaus; Ruth Pierano, Mary svi lie; Win
ifred Moon, Kent: George Engassor. Nico-
I.iuf. Primary grade George I. Barnes.
"West Butte; Sarah P. Darby, Grafton.
Crockery
If it's
Up-to=Date Crockery
you want —
Try
Great American Importmo; Tea Co
Have zoo Stores
That's Why
Quality so Good
Prices so Reasonable
STORESt
861 Market St., opp. Powell. Central Store.
140 Sixth St. . 705 Larkin St-
-2510 Mission St. 1419 Polk St.
300« Sixteenth St. 1819 Devisadero St.
140 Ninth St. 521 Montgomery av-
-355't/aycs St. . 2 1 8 1 hird >t.
•2732 24th St- S 3285 Mission St.
2008 Fillmore St. 506 Kearny St.
.62 Market Street Headquarters.
OAKLAND STORKS:
1053\Vnshinj;ionSt. 1185 23d Aye.
1237 Broadway. 616 E. Twelfth St. .
1510 Seventh St.
ALAM EDA— I3SS Park St.
SAN UAI AEL— B St.. near Fourth.
FOR PREVENTION
OF YELLOW FEVER
Successful Experiments Made by
Health Officer Doty of
New YorK.
NEW YORK. June 20.— Dr. Alvah P. Doty, the Health Officer of the
port, is much elated over the successful results of the experiments with
serum produced at his laboratory f<>r the prevention of yellow fever. For
the past eighteen months Dr. Doty an 1 his assistants have been pro
ducing this serum at the quarantine laboratory and have inoculated a
number of guinea pigs previously fed with "erms of yellow fever. For
some time the experiments have been doubtful in their results, but for
the past month or six weeks they have succeeded In preserving the lives
of the anJr.als. thus affording sure evident -> of the value of the serum
in the prevention of yellow fever. Dr. Doty says he will send samples of
the serum to his agent at Havana, where it is expected that it will be
used with success in th^ preservation of the lives of yellow fever pa
tients.
BERESFORD IN
SLOAN'S DEFENSE
, Nobleman Describes the
Ascot Incident.
JOCKEY HIT THE WAITER
HIS PROVOCATION, HOWEVER,
WAS GREAT.
American Has Received Unfair Treat
ment and Fought an Uphill
Battle on the English
Tracks.
Special Dispatch to The ("all.
LONDON, Juno 26.— The Evening News
to-day publishes an interview with Lord
William Beresford. who Is quoted as giv
ing an account of the Incident at Ascot,
In corroboration of the statements of Tod
Sloan, the American jockey, regarding the
Insults of the waiter and the hitter's in
, tentional upsetting of the tahle. l>ird
Beresford .t.Med:
"At this Sloan and his companion went
for the waiter, the latter hitting the
waiter in the face with his list, while
Sloan hit him with a champagne bottle,
which, however, was not broken. Of
course we In England regard an attack
with a bottle as despicable and as bad as
drawing a knife, but in Sloan's case there
, was. Brst, great provocation. The waiter
undoubtedly began the quarrel. Secondly,
■ the waiter was a great, hulking chap,
weighing L'2-t pounds, while Slnan is a little
: man. incapable of fighting him on ecjual
'■ terms. SJoan was sober. Before you
■ judge him to.) harshly, think of what he
has gone through. He wns first made a
popular hero and latterly a strong tide
i f opposition has set in against him. pre
sumably because people have lost money.
"Certainly, the jockey club will not &us-
I>tn<i his license. The case is not within
its jurisdiction. When he was previously
1 unfairly tnated it did not interfere be
cause we believe in letting him fight bis
' own battles, and there is no doubt he has
had a battle to fight. We have had an-ny
, rnous letters saying Sloan is a dead man
; if he does not leave England immediately,
Tin public ought to be Informed of the
t;..it provocation under which Sloan
acted."
The anti-Sloan demonstration which
was expected to take place at the Gat wick
meeting to-day did not materialize. 1 hero
was some cheering when his mount won
the selling handicap.
RESCUES WOMAN AND
CHILD FROM DEATH
Joe Herspring of Oakland Stops a
Runaway Horse at
Stockton.
STOCKTON. June 20.— Joe Herspring. a
young Oaklander who is sojourning hciv
till the tragic romance connecting his
name with Alice Campana. who recently
triecTtb commit sulcfde. becomes less vivid,
performed a plucky act here to-day. He
was crossing Hunter $o,uare. when a run
away horse came 'running wildly from the
south. Just as the horse reached the
WV.hfr avrmie crossing a woman and a
little girl were directly in the path of the
nnimai -and would have been run down
had not Herspring sprang forward, and,
swinging to the bit. turned the crazed ani
mal away. He held tenaciously to the
brjdle and was thrown several feet, strik
ing the hard pavement. His injuries were
painful, but not serious.
The woman apparently did not recognize
her narrow escape, as she walked rapidly
a.way before the spectators could learn
her name. Those who witnessed the art
were loud in praises of the young man.
wlvo sr-emed to- grasp the situation quickly
;md then act with the nerve required to
avert the threatened accident.
SUMMER SCHOOL OF MUSIC.
Eight Weeks' Term Commences at
Pacific Grove.
PACIFIC GROVE, June 20.— The Pa
cific Grove Summer School of ' Music.
iinder the direction of James Hamilton j
Howe. bus. B. of the Boston Conserva
tory of Music and dean of the De Pauw
University of Music, opened Its first ses-
Sion in this city yesterday. The school
will continue eight weeks, closing August i
12. and during its sessions both individual ;
and choral work will be carried on. The
school is to be conducted as much on the
lines of a college of music as is possible
In so short a session, the intention being ;
to make it a permanent yearly school.
The faculty of the school includes, be
sides Professor Howe. Mrs. Mary
Weaver-Macauley of San Jose, Mrs. j
Frances Mueller of San Francisco, Mil- j
ton L. Lawrence, Miss Ada May !
Churchill. M. B- Miss Lily E. Cramp
ham. San Jose: Elizabeth Strong Worth-
Ington and Miss R. Frances Luce of San |
Francisco.
Mr. Howe will take charge of the choral
work and teach pianoforte, oratorio inter- ,
pretation, harmony and composition. In- ;
struction in voice culture, violin and <
violoncello will also be given by other
members nf the faculty. Mr. Howe in- :
tend:- presenting Handel's "Messiah" :
during the Chautauqua assembly at this I
place next month, thp central force for i
the rendition of which will be the San
Jose Oratorio Society, augmented by
pupils <>f the jMimmer school of music
and choral singers from several cities of
the'Btate. Soloists for the occasion will ,
Include Messrs. Rhys Thomas. Pierre
I>r,nillet. S. Homer Henley. Miss Beres
fnrd Joy. Mm'es. Weaver-Macauley and
Frances Mueller and other eminent vo
calists. _
NEW THEATRICAL CIRCUIT.
Moroscos Lease the Burbank in Los
Angeles.
LOS ANGEJ.ES, June 2ft.— Oliver Mo
rnpr-n will be the resident manager of the
Burbank Theater under the lease of the
house just secured by his father. The
Moropco? intend to make the Burbank a
link In the chain of a new theatrical cir
cuit. The new management may not take
possession until September 1.
"Kid" O'Brien Knocked Out.
ANGELS CAMP. June 20.— "KM"
O'Brien of San Francisco was put out in
the middle of the seventh round in what
was to have been a twenty-round pro be
fore the Angels Athletic Club to-night by
Rufe Turner of Stockton. Both men ap
peared In fine form and made a clean
tight. O'Brien did most of the leading.
In the second round O'Brien was downed,
but the bell saved him. Turner neatly
put a left hook to the point of the law
}n the seventh round and O'Brien went
down like a shot.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, AVEDNESDAY, JUNE 21, 1899.
JEWISH BOYS
IN PITCHED BATTLE
WITH CHRISTIANS
Continued from First Page.
their enemies. "Down with the Chris
tians!"
These and other shouts filled the air.
and crowds of older people gathered on
the sidewalks and many of them tried
to disperse the boys, only to be driven
from the field.
By this time many of the boys were
I covered with blood flowing from
! wounds, while some had their clothing
torn to ribbons. The • olice were sum
moned, but the small squad first on the
scene could do nothing with the now
thoroughly maddened fanatics, and a
riot call was rung in. This brought two
patrol wagons loaded with bluecoats.
As they rushed on the field wtih clang
ing gongs, the combatants broke and
fled. The police attempted to run them
1 down, but were distanced by the more
; youthful members of the mob, except
! the two named above.
People living in the district say they
will insist on having a larger force of
police on duly till the storm of anti-
Semitism now raging passes over, as
the constant clashin of races has be
come very annoying.
COMMENCEMENT OF SAN
JOSE HIGH SCHOOL
Large Class Completes Its Course
and Is Rewarded With
Diplomas.
SAX JOSE. June 20.— Commencement
exercises of the San Jose High School
were held in Victory Theater to-night in
the presence of a large audience made
up of parents and friends of the pupils.
It was one of the most notable gather
ings in the history of the city. The stage
was prettily decorated with potted plants
and flowers, while scores of floral pieces
were given to, the graduates. Samuel M.
Shortridge, an alumnus, delivered' an ad
dress. Rev. Dr. Wakefleld offered. an in
vocation, after which the following fine
literary and musical programme was
given:
Oration, "The Dignity of Labor." H. F. Eas
f">tt: violin solo, "Gypsy Dances." Miss Grace
Freeman; essay, "The Close of the Nineteenth
Century." Miss May Cunha: oration, "Destiny
of Nation?." Seymour Montgomery; piano solo,
"Caprice Espagnol." Miss Stella, H. Levy; ora
tion, "The Menace of Socialism." James Sta
ple; violin solo, Hortense Hammond, with vio
lin obligrato by Miss Grace Freeman; essay,
"Animo et Fide, 1 Miss Gertrude Snyder. ; - -\\
This was interspersed with selections by
the High School Mandolin Club.
Principal A. E. Shumate presented di
plomas to the following graduates: Mor
gan P. Baker, Anna Grace Bnsile, Har
vey F Bassett. Nellie E. Bennett, Ed
mund M. Black. Ora P. Broyles. Caro
line L. Conmy, Mary Evelyn Ctmha, A.
Louise Curley. Florence E. Dennison.
Katherine M. Douglas. Malcolm L. Gil
christ. Edgar C. Gillis, Mertle Irene
Gracy. Natalie Hart, Clarrie L. Horam
rlrh 'John I. Howard, Thomas J. Kidd.
Richard K. Lawrence. Edward B. Lens,
Thomas P. Madden, Daisy Meads, Wes
pie Meads. Seymour T. Montgomery, Co-.
ralie L. Montgomery. Frank A. Nikirk.
Jennie Maurine Owen, James Benjamin
Peckhnm. Willie Prusch. Thomas Rea,
Gertrude A. Snyder, Albert W. Smith.
Thomas H. Staples, James H. Staples and
Bessie G. Williams.
IMPROVEMENTS ON
THE SAN FRANCISCO
Ihe CTuiser Will Undergo a Marked
Change in Appear
ance.
NEW YORK, June 20.— A Tribune spe
cial from Newport News, Va., says: The
extensive Improvements contemplated by
the Navy Department for the cruiser Han
Franci?co are now well under way, and
1 In a few weeks the vessel will undergo a
; marked change in appearance. She is
now at the Norfolk navy-yard and has
only recently come out of the drydock
: where her rudder and propeller blades
were taken off.
Among the improvements to be mad*
i will be a new electric light plant, ten am
munition hoists similar to those installed
in the cruiser Newark at the navy yard
; last summer and a change In her rig/The
' electric light plant now on the San Fran
! Cisco will be placed in the tug Apache,
which is to be convertd into a lightboat
and used in lighting vessels that are out
; of commission or that may be undergoing
repairs.
The San Francisco's rig when completed
will be almost identical with that of the
Newark, which has only two masts. By
i doing away with the other mast it is said
j that the space Tor the ship's crew can be
made much more comfortable than now,
and besides this vessel Is relieved of a
! great amount of unnecessary weight in
a craft of her dimensions. This wftrk will
be started about July 1.
YEAW WANTS DAMAGES.
Suit ot a San Franciscan Against a
Massachusetts Town.
BOSTON. June 20.— 1n the United States
Circuit Court to-day the trial of the suit
brought by William H. Yeaw of San
Francisco against the inhabitants of the
town of I,eominster was begun. The
plaintiff peeks $T>o.ooo damages for personal
injuries sustained on October 4, 1897, by
falling into an excavation in Park street,
lyeomlnster. Public sralos had been built
at the scene of the accident and the floor-
Ing covering them had been removed tem
porarily when the plaintiff walked into
the hole. He alleges that there was no
light near the excavation and that the
defendant town was negligent In suffer
ing It to exist unprotected. The defense
is a general denial.
ANTI-TRUST CONFERENCE.
| Governor Tyler of Virginia Approves
the Movement.
AUSTIN. Texas, June 20.— Governor
| Bayers to-day received a letter from Gov
| ernor J. Hoge Tyler of Virginia Indorsing
the proposed anti-trust conference nf
Governors and Attorney Generals. He
' writes:
"It will give me pleasure to co-operate
! in any measure that will have a tendency
■ to check the evils of trusts and comoina
tions and to keep trusts and corporate
I power within bounds. I hope that it will
be in the power of the Attorney General,
[ A. J. Montague, or myself to be present.
BENDORAN BEATS
THE SPEEDY IMP
California Horse Bests
Suburban Winner.
MARE GIVES AWAY WEIGHT |
FINISHES SECOND TO THE JEN
NING" ENTRY.
At St. Louis T. M. Berry, His Two
Partners and All of His Horses
Are Ruled Off the Turf
for Life.
■ !
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, June 20.— There was
plenty of good sport at Sheepshead Bay
to-day. In the Coney Island handicap
Imp tried to take up 128 pounds and give
weight to all in the race. She did it with
one exception; try as Tarai might he
could not land the mare in front of Ben
floran, the favorite, although he beat all
j the others. Hendoran is a four-year-old
I son of Sir Modred-Imp. Oran. and was
bred at Rancho del Paso. His Impost to- j
j day was IIS pounds.
The other feature was the Foam, In i
j which Stuart was the favorite, although '.
i Water King. Mesmerist and Brigadier
had about as much hacking, the most go- j
Ing on Mesmerist. Stuart led to the turn i
into the main track, where he shut up
I and fell back slowly until he was the
very last to cross the line. In the mean
| time Mesmerist went on about his busl
! ness and won easily. Flaunt, ridden out, '
managed to beat Silver Garter by a head i
I for the place. Results:
j Selling-, seven furlongs— The Burlington
: Route won, N'azarine second. Imperator third.
Time. 1:27 1-5.
Mile— Miss Patron won. Sweet Paporal sec
ond, Betti* Gray third. Time, 1:42 2-5.
Foam stakes. Bye furlongs --Mesmerist won.
Flaunt second. Silver Garter third. Time, 1:02.
C6ney Island handicap. «ix furlongs—Ben
-1 doran won. Imp second, St. Cloud third. Time,
1:11 2-5.
Five and a half furlongs— Peaceful won. Her- '
! bert second, Knight Banneret third. Time. ;
• 1:09 2-5.
1 One and an eighth miles— Maximo Gome:
won, Decanter second. The Gardener third.
j Time, I:s£ 4-5.
ST. LOT-IS, June 20. —This was Klks 1 j
day at the fair grounds and fully 15,000 :
people were in attendance. Miss Mac
; Day was the only winning favorite. T.
i M. Berry and all of his horses, along with I
' his two partners,. Were ruled off the turf:
: for life. Berry departed for parts un- j
known Weather pleasant, track fast, i
| Results:
Soiling, six and a half furlongs— Gotobed
! won. Banish second, Loving Cup third. Time,
Setting, one mtle and seventy yards— Annie
! oidfleld won, Schanken second, Forbush third.
I Time, I :4H.
For maid-n two-year-old fillies, four and a !
! half furlongs— Mtsa Mac Day won, Martha I
I Street second. Foul Play third. Time. :67.
Handicap, six furlongs— Mr. Phinizey won,
Our Gertie second. Marplot third. Time. 1:14%.
Selling, two-year-old?, five and a half fur
> longs— Capron won, Triadltxa second, (Jiga ,
third. Time. 1.-09%.
Selling, one mile— Calla lyily won. General
McGruder second. Belle Ward third. Time.
■ 1:42.
CINCINNATI, June 20.— Batten won the
1 Tobacco stakes at Latpnia to-day and
established a new track record. He cov
-1 ered the distance in 1:39^. The previous
record was 1:40%. Batten was a hot
favorite for the stake and ran a very
poor) race. He was humped and jostled
about for the first half mile, but when he
fr.t clear in the stretch he paSseu George
Lrats and Carl C and won by a half
length. The Tobacco stakes is a seiiinpr
;iffair for three-year-olds and upward
and was worth $1000 to the winner, who
was owned by T. C. McDowell. TTtere
w;ih no bidding on the winner when ne
was put up for sale. Weather pleasant,
' track perfect. Attendance 3000. Re
sults:
' One mile spiling— Th<" Bondman won. Lachlne
second, Rotha third. Time, 1:41%.
Five furlongs— May Jane won. I.ady Elite
second. Isabimla third. Time. 1:01
Oiw> mile, selling— Dandy won. Kinem Respice
second. Fresco third. Time. 1:42.
One mile, the Tobacco stakes. selling, for
three-year-olds and upward— Batten won. Carl
C second. George Krata third. Time, 1:39%.
Five furlongs -L,lttle Smoke won. Dissolute
second, Enghurst third. Time. 1:02>4.
One mile, selling— Billy House won, I.yllla
second, Violet Parsons third. Time, 1:41.
CHICAGO, June 20.— 1n the last race at
Hawthorne to-day. Boney Boy, the herse
that ran second in the track record time
of 1:40 Saturday, set a new mark of l:3P l 2
for the local traclt. The racing feature of
the day was the handicap at a mile and
an eighth. This event, too, yielded new
figures, when Rifle won in 1:52'/ 2 . displac
ing the 1:53 set by Imp. the Suburban
winner, last September. In the first event,
for two-year-olds, Frangible went the five
and a half furlongs in l:08M>. a full second
faster than the time of Huron, made as
a four-year-old in 1592. Results:
Five and a half furlongs— Frangible won.
Talma second, Barrack third. Time, l:oS'i-
Six furlongs— Abe Furst won, Eugenia Wiekes
second, Blttfr Root third. Time, 1:15.
One mile and an eighth— Rifle won. Jolly
Roger second, Kriss Kringle third. Time, l'S2%.
One mile -Lillian Reed won. King Bermuda
second, Kamsln third. Time. 1:42U-
S»ven furlongs, selling— Moroni won, Mary
Klnsella second. King's Guard third. Time,
I:27>±.
One mile, selling — Boney Boy won, Serrano
second. Guess Me third. Time, 1 :39V4-
BOSTON AND CHICAGO
IN A BATTLE ROYAL
Bean-Eaters Win the Thirteenth ■
■ . Inning of a Hard-Fought
Game.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. I Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ....42 12 .777 Pittsburg ...24 27 .471
Boston 35 18 .660 Cincinnati ..24 28 .462
Baltimore ...32 21 .604 New Y0rk. ..23 81 .426
Philadelphia 31 21 .508 Washington 18 87 .327
St. Louis 32 22 .693 Louisville ...16 89 .201
Chicago 32 22 .593 Cleveland ... 9 40 .181
CHICAGO, June 20.— T0-day's game was one
of the hardest fought battles of the season, j
Both . pitchers . were at their best, and up to
the last Inning Griffith had received perfect
and at times sensational support. In the thir
teenth, after two out* and with men on second
and third. McCormick fumbled, filling the
.ba*es. Griffith lost control, forcing In a run.
and Oollrns' double scored three more. The
locals could do nothing; in their half. Attend
ance, 2900. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 17 1
Boston 5 9 , 3
Batteries— Griffith and Donahue; Nichols and
Clarke. Umpires— Gaffney and Manassau.
ST. LOUIS, June 20.— Sharp fielding on both
sides kept the score out of the double figures
to-day. Both sides slugged the ball In great i
shape. Mercer was effective when in a pinch. I
O'Brien's batting was a feature. He made five
hits for a total of ten bases. Attendance, 2300.
Score :
Clubs— R. H. B.
St. Louis 3 11 2
Washington 6 16 1
• Batteries— Powell and Criger; Mercer and Me-
Gulre. Umpires— Emslle and McDonald.
CINCINNATI, June 20.— Phillips pitched
great ball to-day, the Phillies being unable to
get hits when they were needed. Singles by
Vaughn and Smith and Selbach'B double gave
the locals the winning runs in the seventh. A
clever catch by Smith in* the eighth prevented
the visitors tieing the score. Attendance, 1200.
Score :
Clubs— R. H. B.
Cincinnati 7~..'. :... 3 6 •'■ 1
Philadelphia .:.. ...2 9 "2
Batteries— Phillips and "Woods; Fifleld and
Douglas. Umpires— Burns and Smith.
LOUISVILLE, June 20.— But for an error by
Clarke in the first inning the Orioles would
have been shut out. Woods . pitched fine ball
and deserved to win. Attendance, 1200. Score:
Clubs- " • . R. H. E.
Louisville .:.......... .: 1 "6 2
Baltimore 2 ,8 r 2
Batteries— and Ztmmer; MeGinety and
Robinson. Umpires— Swart wood and Warner.
PITTSBURO, June 20.— The sensational fea
ture of the game wai McCarthy's steal' home
from third, tieing the score In the ninth. New
York won out by a base on balls and Van,
FOR THE TRAINING
OF NAVOL CADETS
Successful Launching of the
Practice Vessel Ct)esapeaKe
From Bath Iror) WorKs.
THE PRACTICE VESSEL CHESAPEAKE.
B\TH. Maine, June 20.— The United
States practice vessel Chesapeake
was launched to-day from the
Bath Iron Works yard. She was
christened by Mis? Elizabeth Bradford,
daughter of Rear Admiral Bradford,
chief of the^ Bureau of Equipment at
Washington.' The launching was suc
cessful in every particular. The Chesa
peake will be taken to the Charleston
Navy Yard, where she will be rigged
and fitted for sea duty.
The Naval Academy has been in need
! for many years of a practice vessel for
; the training of naval cadets. Prior to
j the acquisition of the Bancroft the
1 sailing frigates Constellation and Con
, stitution and some old steam tugs served
■ the purpose, and when the sailing craft
j became worn out Congress appro
| priated $250,000 for a practice ship with
auxiliary steam and full sail power.
The Bancroft was first commissioned
in 1R93, but it was then discovered that
I she was entirely too small and that
! only fifty cadets could be accommodat
ed,' When as r any as 165 usually par
i ticlpated in the summer cruise. Re
| course was. therefore, had to theMonon
i gahela, from which the machinery had
i been removed, to serve as a practice
I ship, and up to last August, when the
Bancroft was transformed into a gun
boat and sent to the Mediterranean,
the academy got. along fairly well.
The Secretary of the Navy asked
t'ongress for two practice ships for the
■ Naval Academy and his request was
i complied with to the extent of allow
ing one ship without steam power, to
i cost $125,000. This was the Chesapeake,
Haltren's two-bas»rer. followed by Tternan's
base hit. Attendance, 1500. Score:
Clubs- . .■' ' •H. H. E.
Ptttsburg ■■■-. ;.»; .1
New York .■■■•■ * ■ . 3 ;
Battprirs— and Bowerman: Doheny
and Warner. Umpires— Lynch and Connolly.
CLEVELAND, June 20.— The home team
made a big rally in the seventh Inning and
stood a good chance of winning, but was not
strong enough. Attendance, 100. Score:
Clubs- •'•-;•..' . :B. H. E.
Cleveland ' 12 ■
Brooklyn •• 9 16 . -
Batteries— and Schrecongost: Mc-
James and Grim. Umpires— O' Day and Me-
Garr.
YALE-HARVARD TEAM
Athletes Who Will Compete With
English College Men.
NEW YORK, June 20.— The joint Yale-
Harvard athletic committee met to-night
and selected the men who will compete !
with the English students on July 22. It j
was decided to send twenty-three men
across the water, and of this number
! nineteen wore definitely decided upon. \
| The names of the men who will compete
| in the high and broad jumps wtre held
' under advisement, owing to the difficulty j
in making the selections for these events.
They will be announced later.
Those positively decided upon are: J. P.
Adams. Yale, half mile; F. A. Blount,
Yale, 100 yards; D. Boardman, Yale,
I quarter mile; C. Dupee. Yale. 100 yards:
j and quarter mile: \Y. N. Fincko. Yale, !
, hurdler; T. R. Fisher. Yale, quarter and |
, half mile; C. K. Palmer. Y r ale. distance; .
; H. P. Smith. Yale, distance; C. B. Spit- ;
zer Yale, distance; W. A. Boal, Harvard,
hammer; H. J. Brown, Harvard, ham
mer; T. E. Burke, Harvard, half mile; H.
B Clarke. Harvard, distance; C. P. Daly,
Harvard, jumps: H. W. Foote. Harvard,
i distance: F. Z. Fox, Harvard, hurdler; J.
!"W Hallowell, Harvard, hurdler; F. J.
' Quinlan. Harvard. 100 yards and quarter
! mile: J. T. Roche, Harvard, 100 yards and
jumps.
Only eighteen men will comprise the
American team, two men being entered
in each of the nine events. The additional
men will be used in the event of accident
or sickness. The team will sail on the
steamer St. Louis July 5.
Overland Park Results.
DENVER, Colo., June 20.— Only one fav
orite won in the running races at Over
land Park— Quicksilver in the last— but
Senator Dubois. at S to 1, was the longeat
I shot that won. Results:
Trotting— Our Lucky won third, fifth and
sixth heats and race. Time. ::16>.2, 2:l6'*. 2:13.
Sister Alice took second and fourth heats.
Time 1:161*, 2:19. Kane took first heat. Time.
i:9OH. Oalto and Nellie Campbell also started.
Pacing— E S won in three straight heats.
Time 2:l4Ms. 2:l3Vi, 2:14*;. BUI Nye, Rhecam,
Jim bickaon, Tom Lee, Dandy Boy and Sally
Taylor also started.
Six furlongs— A larla won. Loch Ness second.
Jim Gore third. Time. 1:16. Sea Queen, Weird
and Negligence also ran.
Five furlongs— La Maseotta won. La Fontera
second. Blue Bell third. Time. V.Qt%. Moun
tain Queen. Flora Hawk and Melody also ran.
Five and a half furlongs— Spnator Dubois
won. Emma Rey second. Napian third. Time.
j:P<U4 Ivy Bloom. Chllcont Pass, .Tuva and
j McLight also ran.
Five and a half furlcngs— Quicksilver won.
I R. Q. Ban second. Yellowstone Whisky third.
Time. 1:01%. Commercial Traveler. Heffron,
Warrior and Bonnie Boucher al.«o ran.
Sale of Belle Meade Yearlings.
NEW YORK. June 20.— The annual sale
of yearlings of the Belle Meade stock
farm, a sale that has been a notable
event among horsemen for thirty years,
took place at the American Horse Ex
change to-night. The best sales were:
Ch. c. by Iroquois-Terblra. C. Flelsehmann's
Sons, $5200.
B. c. by Instx»ctor B-Rosa Bncken. A. G.
Bennett. $2800.
B. c. by Iroquols-Ossuta W. H. Clarke. $2000.
B. BJ by Imp. Lovalist-Yorkville, W. C. Whit
ney, $sdO.
B. c. by Luke Blaekburne-Maude Ward. W.
C. Whitney, $5000.
Races for Stockton.
STOCKTON. June 20.— At a meeting of
the Stockton Driving Club this evening
it was decided to lease the track and
pavilion from the Agricultural Society
and give a fair on September IS to 30
with one week of racing from the ISth
to the 23d.
Voss Re-elected Captain.
MARYSVILLE. June 20.— The military
election heia in the Armory of Company
D last night resulted In the re-election of
Captain Voss. Serjeant Warniok Wal
dron was chosen second lieutenant by a
launched at the Bath Iron Works to
day.
The general appearance of the new
practice ship is very pleasing and is
the design of Chief Constructor Hich
born. The principal measurements are:
Length on water line, 175 feet; beam at
water line, 37 feet; mean draught, 16
feet 6 inches; displacement, 1100 tons.
'The hull is built of steel and sheathed
with wood and coppered to avoid fre
quent docking. The ship has no bow
sprit, ihe stem being run out as far as
where the bowsprit cap would be and
with the bulwarks forms the sleeve for
the jibboom. The lower masts and yards
are of steel to insure strength with
lightness. V. Ith her good beam the new
craft is able to spread a large sail area
amounting to a total of 19,958 square
feet and 13,091 square feet of plain sails.
None of the yards are interchangeable,
as is now the practice in merchant
ships. The main and fore yard are 78
and 6* feet, respectively, and the same
relative differences are carried out with
the other yards.
The Chesapeake is flush spardecked",
and the accommodations are all on the
gun and between decks for a captain,
i ten wardroom officers, two warrant
officers, ninety seamen and one hun
i dred and eighty cadets. The armament
for gunnery drill will consist of six 4
inch rapid-fire guns on the gun deck
and four 6-pounders and two 1-pound
ers on the spar deck. The ship will
carry eight boats, one of them a steam
cutter.
It is the opinion of a majority of the
older officers in the navy that seaman
ship can only be properly taught in a
sailing vessel, hence the substitution
of the sail practice ship for the steam
ers originally asked for.
vote of 18 to 13. Sergeant Colford being
his' opponent. The latter will retain the
position of flrpt serpreant. To-nij?ht the
fnmpany had muster and Inspection with
Major Douglass of Sacramento as the in
specting officer.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
List of Patents Issued to Inventors
of California and Oregon.
Army Orders.
WASHINGTON, June 20.— Pacific Coast j
patents were granted to-day as follows:
California— Milo A. Baker, Los Angeles,
bicycle saddle support; Charles S. Boots.
Oakland, assignor to Oakland Iron i
Works, safety suction valve for pumps;
Martin P. Boss, San Francisco, boiler;
Francisco Cavallero, San Jose, assignor
of one-third to I. Trapani, San Fran
cisco, attachment for artesian wells (two
patents); Herman Cramer, Sonora,
treadle for sewing machines; Luther
Canningham. San Jose, and H. M. Barn
grover, Los Gatos. fruit grader; Byron W.
Haines and W. D. Creighton, Ban Fran
cisco, elevator cage escape; Andrew S.
Hallidie, San Francisco, machine for
manufacturing ropes and cables; J.
Bryce, Fresno, raisin seeder; William F.
Schmidt, Salinas City, beet plow; Daniel
F. Sherman, Newcastle, box or package; i
William Shyvers, Santa Barbara, letter I
file; John B. Steele, Los Angeles, assignor
one-half to M. C. Willis and W. H.
Reider, National City, process of and ap- !
paratus for applying insecticides; Charles i
L. Sturgess, Escondido, tallying ap
paratus; Walter L. Twecnell, St. Helena,
motor carriage driving mechanism; Caro
lina White, Redondo Beach, tea ball; Wil
liam C. Woodward, Los Angleles, triple
piston deep well pump. Oregon— Chane*
T. Wise Sr.. Newbridge, heater; Theodore
J. F. Muller, Portland, hopple.
The postofflce at Nicasio, Mann
County, will be discontinued after June
30. Mails should be sent to Tocaloma.
Army orders: By direction of the Act
ing Secretary of War the following offi
cers will report in person to Colonel
Henry B. Freeman, Twenty-fourth
United States Infantry, president of the
examining board appointed to meet at the
Presidio of San Francisco at such time as
they may be required by the board for
examination as to their fitness for pro
motion: First Lieutenant Sydney Clo
man, Fifteenth United States Infantry;
First Lieutenant Joseph D. Leltcn,
Twenty-fourth United States Infantry.
Captain Joseph B. Batchellor Jr..
Twenty-fourth Infantry, Is transferred
from Company M to Company E of that
regiment and will at once proceed to join
It at the Presidio of San Francisco.
Captain Charles J. Crane, Twenty
fourth United States Infantry, recer.ilv
mustered out of the volunteer service as
colonel of the Ninth United States Volun
teer Infantry, will at the expiration of his
present leave of absence proceed to San
Francisco and report to the commanding
general, Department of California.
Acting Assistant Surgeon James Sh^l
lengerber. United States army, will pro
ceed from Piqua, Ohio., to San Fran.-in-o
and report in person to the commandliag
general, department of California, for
assignment to duty.
Private Clarence S. Pixley. Company F
Fourteenth United States Infantry how
at the Presidio of San Francisco, will be
discharged the service of the United
States on receipt of his descriptive list by
the commanding officer of that post
Private David C. Pittman. Company K.
Third United States Infantry, now "sup
posed to be at Manila, having enlisted un
der a false pretense, will be discharged
without honor from the service of the
T nited States.
Recruit Burt Damon, general service,
the Presidio of San Francisco, will he dis
charged the service of the United States
by the commanding officer of his station.
Private Daniel Webster. Troop F. Ninth
United States Cavalry, Fort Huachuea,
Arizona, is transferred to Company H.
Twenty-fourth United States Infantry. He
will be sent to the station of that com
pany. Alcatraz Island. California, and will
report upon his arrival to the command
ing officer for duty.
Private Emil Schug, general service, now
in confinement at the Presidio of Sin
Francisco, will be discharged without
honor from the service of the Unite.:!
States by the commanding officer of that
post.
Pensions: California— Original— Joseph
W. Veach. Bakersfleld. $6; Georpe W. Koi
ly. Veterans" Home. Napa. $«: James Mc-
Cartney, Eureka. $12. Increase— Sp->cWl
June 10— Francis Rogers. Pasadena. J4 to
$6: Alexander Prudp. Soldiers" Homo, Los
Angele*. $6 to $12. Reissue and increase —
Lewis Pilcher. Sacramento. $8 to $12.
Washington— Original— Hiram W. Paulri
ins:. North Cave. $6. Original widows, etc.
—Ruby A. Downey, Spokane, $8.
MIKE MORRISSEY
AFRAID OF MAHER
Two Punches End Their
Fight.
THE CONTEST A FIASCO
COMES TO A CLOSE IN THIRTY
FIVE SECONDS.
Pugilist Heralded as an Invincible
Irish Champion Gives Evidence
of Fear on Entering
the Ring.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. June 20.— Peter Maher. the
Irish heavy-weight pugilist, scored a
j quick victory over his fellow countrym in.
1 Mike Mdrrissey of Tipperary, before the
Lenox Athletic Club to-night Morrissey
had been heralded a? an invincible Irish
champion- Maher sized his man up quick
ly and went for him. There was appar
ently no fight in the newcomer. A llafht
punch on the breast and a right cross to
the jaw were the only blows struck, mid
| these were delivered by Maher. The blow
that Maher landed on the jaw was insuf
ficient to knock out any man.
Maher weighed 174 pounds and looked
well. Morrissey had a retinue of handlers
when he reached the ringside and said he
weighed 182 pounds. The moment the men
shaped it was clearly evident that Morri-
sey was afraid and that Maher had the
easiest task ever given him.
Both fiddled for a few moments and
then Maher went right for his man with <*
light left lead, which landed- lightly on
the chest, and sent his right over to ftie
jaw Morrissey fell in a neutral corner
and lay there Vesting on h.s right elbow.
! while Maher strutted about the ring until
i the referee counted off ten seconds. Maher
1 then walked to his corner and the master
! of ceremonies announced that Maher had
. won and that the time of the bout was 35
j seconds.
Maher a Pronounced Favorite.
Although this was Morrisey's first fight
in America, there was not much interest
taken here in his debut. In the mutual
betting at Corbett's he found Home sup
porters, but Mahrr*was chiefly in demand
on every line.. The mutuals paid $4 05 on
each dollar invested. In the straight Bet
ting Maher opened favorite at 10 to 9. The
betting then went to even money. Just
before the men entered the ring Maher
became a pronounced favorite at 4 to L
The bulk of the money was placed at "his
price. ______________
BANKER WICKERSHAM
DIES AT PETALUMA
Passing of a Man Long Identified
With the Progress of the
Town.
PETALUMA, June 20.— Isaac G. Wick
ersham, the wealthiest man in Sonoma
County, head of the banking firm of
Wickersham & Co. of Petaluma and
largely interested in the. Safe Deposit
Company of ,San Francisco, is d*a»i. He
passed away at his home In Fetalum'a at
7:45 o'clock this evening at the age of
79 yews. He was the oldest banker in
the State "Of California aiTfl was ex-Dis
trict Attorney of Sonoma County.
Mr. Wickersham came to Petaluma in
1867 and erected the first bank building in
this city. In January, 1575. the banking
house of I. G. Wickerpham & Co. was
organized as a national gold bank. Mr.
Wickersham had been connected with
many benefits conferred upon the city
which he had made his home. He mar
ried on May 21. ist}7, L.y_a C Ricltott. a
native of Fall River. Mass. They hud
four children — F. A. Wickersham of Peta
luma, F. P. Wickersham of Fresno, Mr?.
A. M. Bergeven of Chicago and Miss
Lizzie Wickersham of Petaluma— now
living.
The value of the estate is estimated at
$1,500,000.
Mrs. John McQuaid Dead.
MARYSVILIiE, June 3V— A telegram
from Smartsvflle announces the death of
Mrs. John Mcijuald. a. pioneer resident of
the mining camp. Officer Frank MeQuald
of the San Francisco police force is one
of four sons of the deceased and Miss
Mary McQuaid, a San Francisco teacher,
is a" daughter. Mrs. McQuaid was a na
tive of Ireland and G5 years of age.
Bripht's disease and paralysis wore the
causes of death. The funeral will take
place on Thursday from the Smartsville
Catholic Church.
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh street, oorner Mission. Salt
crater direct from ocean.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
44 A Gentle Wind
of Western Birth"
Tetts no sweeter story to humanity than
the announcement that the health-giver
: and health-bringer. Hood's SarsaparilU,
tells of the birth of an era of good health.
It is the one reliable specific for the cure
of all blood, stomach and liver troubles.
Cleveland Bicycles.
Burwell Ball and fiollsr Bearings.
NO FRICTION. ~ \
CT AGENTS WAITED XI
Wholesale. '. . . ■■■ '. . . •.. .; r .- . , -,
H. A. LOZIER & CO.,
104-306 McAllister street/ San Francise*.
Retail. I'" "■ * ■' :"' '•' " ■
LEAVITT & BILL, . . r
- SO9 Larkin street,
Store open evenings. Cash or installments.
FASCINATING /*%.
COMPLEXIONSJ^f
That soft, smooth,' rose- tinted '^w3< j^
complexion .so I much desired can : ■ V-25*'*^ ;
be obtained by the use of WOODBURVS Facial
Boap and Facial Cream. They possess. marvel-
ous power for brightening the color, - giving
Dew life and : tone to the skin; beautifying an 4
preserving the complexion. .".'-,
15 TT C 11 17 O FOR BARBERS. BAK-
ijiiUOniuD r * bootblacks, bath-
***■■• -.' -a *•"■ "*• houses, ■ billiard tables,
brewer*, bookbinder*, \ candy-maKers, c*nner».
dyers, flourmllls, foundr'«"n. laundries. : paper-
hangers, printers, : painters,- shoe factories,
stablemen. -tar- roofers, tinner*, tailors, etc
, s. '.. BUCH AN ' BROS.. v. .: :\ -II T
Brush Manufacturer* 609 Saeramont* SkFEARFUL DEEDS OF
RIOTERS IN INDIA
Fifty Villages Looted
and Burned*
VICTIMS Hr'-CKED TO PIECES
— ♦
AND THROWN INTO THE FLAMES
OF BURNING HOUSES.
Ears of Opponents Are Cut Off In
Order That Earrings Might Be
Obtained by tho Fiends
More Expeditiously.
Fyeclal Dttnatch to The Cn>:.
BOMBAY. June 20.— The riots in South
ern India have spread to Travai
■where the police have been severely
beaten nd forced to retire. Th« rioters
have seized a number of guns and .<
quantity of ammunition. They are rut
tinp off the ears of their opponents In
order to obtain their earrings more ex
pedltlously. About 450 houses have been
burned at Sa_mboovada£rarai. Troops aro
now patrolling tht-r districts disturbed:
LONDON. June 20.— A dispatch to th<;.
■^ ally Mail from Simla says: Over fifty
fmall vlllaaros have been looted and
burned in the Timmevelly district .-vi one
town more than a hundred murders were
committed, 'i he victims In many cases
■were literally hacked to pieces and then
thrown into the flames of their burning
BURDETTE'S POPULARITY.
The Humorist to Fill Permanently a
Pnsnden.i Pulpit.
I.' 19 \ V .hI.KS. June -■' '!'■!. R( ■•
■ • .!. Burd< illed to the
• Pri sby
l. .Mr Bui
■
liked
■ id>-.i
[ritual
■
•ops of Sugr. r Beets.
loudy
i iling h>T.' for
•
ins of
rain last
■ . but
much
lo vrn.
■ i- and in th«
'. weather
■ ia 1 i■ ' ;h • ■ ■
'■ ■ ■ rmers
-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
f&gssSF'
■ i
Makes a man equal to any emergency. Disease makes him unequal to
the ordinary duties of life. ;.■..-;*.'
! WHEN <mi[t?S FAIL REMEMBER i WEAK, NERVOUS MEN -i -<>** vig-
and vi-
tality: weak and shrunken organs;
shattered nervous system caused by
! V -<S^S^» overwork, excesses and self-abuse, re-
%± "iF " Q j suiting in weakness of body and brain.
I J5 <j? "\ — ■ i night emissions, losses in the urine, I
j i», f£r \ V, I . dlzeinese, failing memory, lack of con- j
. "^ . MjM V — '/ ! fidence and ambition, pains in the .
: • • "*" g%jf -j /*yiy< i*""^? 2C! i back, loins and kidneys, and other 1
i ™{d jfvl.N j*@^ '(£?*'% "" r* distressing symptoms,, unfitting one i
i— 2i \tß r I ?". — for business or pleasure. Our bpecial
! — U. \.'i»V I ™> system of treatment will cure YOU. '.
I '/". i'^i* /%£&££!% £ ' — restore your physical and sexual
55 . Q**'si£!Br — «t?^jt- —- health and make you once more a
C y'-^t'ffth $&%& /^ man among men— no matter who or I
;U ( *t?*^?4»g?j!^^jS^&^^a 5 what has failed.
/'^^QSa ' STOMACH -Catarrh, ulceration ana
■.-vJA«v^3c?»»»^«<Eßtsd!SS3lrt dyspepsia, indigestion.
weakness, pain a,nd fullness after eat-
nnfTOß SWFWY ing, heartburn, etc.
IMJI. 1 iJK 3V> ii Ai> 1 , RUPTURE -Cured by their new meth-
Tho Old Rp!I"h!« Saecia!ist od without knife, truss
me oia .\e»..os^ specialist. or detPntlon from v . ork _ a pa inieBs,
(22 Years' ExnsHencc.) sure and permament cure.
12 Years' Exp.ri.nceO VARICOCLLE -Hydrocele, swelling
DISFASFS OF RECTUM —Fistula, and tenderness of
UJ3LA3..3 vr KLLIU^I piles, the organs and glands treated with
(hemorrhoids) Internal or protruding, unfailing success.
itchings.^ excoriations, etc positively CONTAGIOUS BLOOD POISON
i cured without the use of knife. „ .„, . „■ .. ,■■ - • _.
Syphilis, and all diseases of the blood !
] ALL. DISEASES OP WOMEN most promptly and thoroughly cured and j
i successfully treated and promptly i every trace of the poison eradicated 1
j cured by his Combined Electro-Medl- | from the system forever, restoring j
■ cd! Treatment. i health and purity.
j V\ T ZJ ?Ti^ If you cannot call at the office, fully describe your symptoms
'"'> ' i I^, an ,j y OU wiil receive in plain envelope a scientific and honest
opinion of your case and a book of valuable information free of charge.
Office Hours— From BA. M. to BP. M. Sundays— lo A. M. to 12 M.
F. L SWIANY, M. D., 737 Market St., S. F.
"
REGISTRATION OF VOTERS 1
— FOR THE
PRIMARY AND MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS.
REGISTRATION FOR THE PRIMARY AND
Municipal Elections is now open at the
office or the Registrar of Voters. at the City
Hall McAllister-street entrance. . Registration
for the purposes of. the. Primary Election (to
be held on August 8. 1899) WILL- CEASE JULY
12 18M and for the Municipal Election (to be
held on November T. 1899) will continue to and
Including October 12. 1899, when all registra- i
tion will cease. All qualified electors who 1
were registered at the last General Election.
or who have registered since that time. AND
WHO WILL HAVE CONTINUED TO RESIDE
WITHIN THEIR RESPECTIVE ELECTION
PRECINCTS, shall be entitled to vote at said
elections without other or additional registra-
tion. ■;..'. OTHER PERSONS claiming to be
entitled to vote at any of the aforesaid elec-
tions must 1 • registered upon the Register of
the City md County as an elector of and
■within the potion precinct wherein, he claims
to be entltlM to vote. Office open from 9 a. m.
to 5 p. m.
By order of the Board of Election Commis-
sioners. . .'.■ "
J. RTEPPACHER. Registrar of .Voters.
000000000000000000
%™? PALACE A^o
%GRAND tIoiMLSO
*? BAN fHANCISCO. q
° Connected by a eovi?r«cl pautftway. **
O 1400 Room— 9oo ».•; h Bath Attached. °
O Ail Under On* V. ._eem«nt. 0
0 NOTE TEE PRICES: O
0 European 81. per <}».y Bj>d upward O
_ American Plan. sS.OO per day And upward ~
O CorreEpondecce Solicited. **
0 JCEH 0. KIRSPATEICK. Kutgir. O
OOOOOOOOCOOOOOOO O O
■ (
Cafebeater's Knjrlinh Dlaaond Braad. i
fChlobeater'a EBsi<*h Dlanond
CNNYRDVAL PiLLS
-<£~X Original and Only (jSeculo*. Jk
£.\( V^lM Dmitri!* tcTCkUtittter't Ennluh X?.a-jft\
/y\A3Vf«simor.J hmr.ii in Urd and Gold mttiliievlfP
— . J^gWbeMS. icaled with blno rihbsn. Take Vfir
•JM ty/iaa other. Itrfute Only (iecaln*. V .
S »»rc. a:w»Tt ,»lin.k. l» d i t w »it ff\
Sjjboxe. j^led wtio h:-.« rit.hcu.. Take \s»
I"I — AfHvmandimitMion: At DraggUli.or ncnd 4*,
I (m. ' JJf la rtampi for partlcilnri, Kitimoultli ia4
I «• 8 " »k<-llof Tot tadle«," in Utter, br rr'in
Jk FT Mall. 10.000 1>«Imoni»!i. *«, ftpcr.
Chi .^^"tT« Stjal" M< < .. x "«j11*o« Mq B&r «
KM by mi LorcJ Dragfists. - 1 "II lI. A I>A. l'&
OR.PIERCES 1 I
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
-. .- / FOR THE . . -
Bl OQP.L3VER.LUNGS.I I
ABDUCTED BY A
MERCENARY AUNT
An Incompetent Youth!
Taken Away*
| HIS FATHER IN PURSUIT
VAST FORTUNE INVOLVED IN J
i ■ THE SON'S POSSESSION. i
__♦- i
in Case of His Death the Aunt Is the \
Beneficiary, and Serious Mo- !
tives Are Attributed to I
Her Bold Act.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DETROIT, Mich., Juno — Moses Fow- ■
i lor Oh;is>\ aged twenty-one, alleged to be i
| mentally Incompetent and reputed to be i
| worth $600,000, was abducted from the Ho- :
i tel Cadillac ln«t Sunday night. He h-.u! j
j bren a patient nt a sanitarium In Flint
' nii'l was en route to bis home In J.afav- j
' ,;•• hid., accompanied by his father, j
j Frederick Chase, a lawyer.
When the father and son arrived here
_ man's aunt met them at the de
irrled the youth to the Cadillac.
> nighi .t carriage drove 1:11*10 the
hotel and young Chase was taken to tne
eland boat, which, in the company of
unt and two young men. he boarded.
g Cleveland the party took a
train for Cincinnati. From there they
went east to Albany, X. V.. where the
private detective that the father ha.l f>m
ployed to watch them lost sight of the
Extradition papers were to-day
made <>'.v in anticipation of the party's ar
res; by the New STork authorities.
The fortune that the boy possesses is
■ tible to the aunt upon >>is death,
which, it is alleged, furnished a motive
for the supposed abduction. The police
of New York, Bostoi . Portland and M< n
tr>-al have been notified to 1 n the
watch for the party. The father and Ms
attorne? believ< thai the object of the al
leged abductors { - to take ih.- young man
f the country. It is stated that v 10
.: Chase attaining his majority the
. father's guardianship ceases and that the
■ was taking Mm to Lafayette for
urposp of himself being continued as
]i!s guardian b: order of the Probate
Court.
To Measure the Exact Meridian.
I Pp-"Mnl i":iM.-- to T'lf ("all ami the N'.>\v York!
:|lleral<l.-V. Copyrighted, 1- ■■■. by James Gor-I
don Bennett I
PANAMA. Juno 20.— Captains Maurinl
and La combe of the high military staff of I
Paris have arrived here in charge of al
scientific mission which is going to F,cua-I
lor to measure the exact meridian. They
will leave on Thursday for Guayaquil,
' vrhere they will be met by the French |
j Minister.
'I
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
Pant, J. ESFIC ; New York, E. FOUGERA & CO.
SOLD BY ALL, DRUGGISTS.
WFRVITA WMrM VITALITY
'tJBL 1 V ■ ' M LOST VIGOR.
v«s|s£ — * AND MANHOOD
»«?'Byn ' Curt» Impotency Night Emissions ar.d wasting
t|S)3 £ diseases, all effects of telf'abuse , cr excess and
,\ff b yX indiscretion. A nerve^tonic an fclood'builder.
l> Vi m* Bring* the pink glow to pale 'hecks and re*
fL JKy^^J stores the (ire of youth. By mail 50e per
[Ji|VV)^j9'l boii 6be 1 for 52.50; with a written
V} S^^n^guarantee to cure or refund the money.
U<nlta medic*) Co., CHnton & Jackson $ts., Cbicia?.
B. L. Baldwin ft Co.. DruKClsts. 8 Market. 8. F.
electric: belts
j^S»SW!^ ; ii*W!<Kik. Pr lceß from U .'-0 to
(Jr^'TX^^/^ft fr> - LarKest manu-
K*^\ I * 'JJ^tS facturers In th«- L'ni-
WfiSa^sl<»meyfß' ted States. NoQuacks
?*^!&2S&oial*C? connected with thla
Oy^^^L^r^^s fstabllßhrnent.
■ S# fc- ' V "^ For Partlcularw
tL/^"^ call or send 2c In
*f\*» stamps for "Booklet
No. 2." Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.. 620 Market St.,
Opposite Palace Hotel. S. F.
yWWWVVWiMWAWWWVVWW{
I A PERMANENT CURE I
1 1 of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea c
J 1 and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 6 c
«' days; no other treatment required. <
1 1 ■ Sold by all druggists. 5
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEAItNKY AND WASHINGTON STS.-RE-
modeled and renovated. KINO, WARD A
CO European plan. Koorns. 50c to $1 50 day;
16 to JS week; IS to »30 month. Free baths: hot
and cold water every room; lire grates In every
room; elevator run* all night.
W. X. HESS,
JTOTIBT PUBLIC AND ATTOBNET-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claus Spreckela Bld«.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. 821 California at., below PowtU.
£an Francisco. ■.'■.■ ■":■•'• '-■';'.•-'■*- j
THE SAIS FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 21, 1899.
BALLOTING AT SAN ANDREAS FOR
A GODDESS OF LIBERTY.
SAX ANDREAS, June 20.— San Ar
dreas will celebrate the doming 1
Fourth as never before. The Na
tive Sons' Parlor has announced
a day of festivity end from the
indi rations row they are eoing to out
do all expectation!?. The b.'sinoß9 houses
v. ill be decorated; on Main street
arches are spanning the sireet. A mn.rn
moth pavilion and speakers" stand is
I >ing constructed in Poplar Grove.
A tug of war contest has been ar
PROTECTION TO
NEUTRAL STATES
Amendments Made by
Peace Delegates.
— ♦ —
TEN CLAUSES ARE ADOPTED
— « —
SESSION OF GENEVA CONVEN
TION COMMITTEE.
So Far as Arbitration Is Concerned
. t Is Believeu All American
Plans Will Be Defeated
by Conference.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
THE HAGUE. June 20.— The Brussels
conference sub-committee of th<> Interna
tional peace conference convened to-day,
Professor de Martens of iln> Russian dele
gation presiding. The drafting commit
tee's report was amended In regard t'>
awarding pivater protection to neutral
Btates, defining the rights of civil popula
• tifins to oreanize for resistance and the
lights of armies as toward armed civil
ians. Ten clauses of the report wero
adopted.
Tlif report of the sub-eommlttee will
' now bo presented to the conference, and it
' is believed that nearly all the powers will
adopt the new articles as a basis of in
structions for armies when entering 'he
field.
The Geneva convention committf-p held a
plenary Bession to-day to consider the rr
j><.rt of its Bub-committee. Captain Ma
lm n of the American delegation .igain
Irew attention to the omission of an arti
cle defining the exact status of wounded
and shipwrecked men falling into th^ se-i
during .1 battle and picked up by neutruls
or by hospitals. H<- also proposed three
additional articles, which were referred v:
i the drafting committee.
Th" Persian delegate. Dr. Mirza Rlza
[ Khan, who is Persian Minister to Russia.
moved to chancre th«- Red Cross emblem
: to n white flag- with a red sun.
The plenary conference- met to adopt
these additional articles and appointed a
committee to draw up a general ad to
bodying the report of the Geneva cony m
tion section. This is the first definite re
sult of the > nnference.
WASHINGTON. June 20.— Private ad
vices received here from a high authority
are to the effect that the conference at
Tho Hague probably will be redeemed nom
inally from failure through an agreement
on an arbitration project that will satisfy
the apparently general demand on that
point, but which at the prime time, by
carefully framed safeguards, will so nar
row the field of matters that may or must
L-.i before the arbitration tribunal as to
make it little more than arbitration in
name. The attitude of Germany is Bald
to be only a little in advance of that of
some of the others in opposition to the
; plans submitted, and tho disaffection is
more general than it appears on the sur
: face.
As for the other projects that were esp?
--• dally desired by the Americans, such .is
protection of individual property from
seizr.ro at sea, they have all been irre-
I deemably lost, according to this report.
PLANTATION OVERSEER
IS FATALLY INJURED
Herbert W. Dickey Dies From
Wounds Received While Putting
in a Cane Trolley.
HON'OLT'LU. Junp U.— Herbert W.
Dickey, an overseer on the Haiku Maul
plantation, met with a frightful accident
on thf 7th iriKt. and did not recover from
his Injuries. The Haiku Sugar Company's
new cane trolley had just been completed
and was being put to use that day. The
end of the wire cable was anchored to
two pieces of t\xO scantling, six feet loiik,
laid about two feet deep, upon which was
a strain of over four tons, being the ten-
Blon of about a half mile of the cable.
Herbert Dickey had charge of the Kalu
anui part of the plantation and was there
with H. A. Baldwin, the manager, to see
that all went well. About 11 o'clock he
was sitting on some cane trash, with Mr.
Baldwin standing beside him. about fit
teen feet from the anchor braces, while
some Portuguese were trying to draw the
cable a little tighter. Suddenly some one
cried "Look out!" the earth gave way
;m<l one of the beams flew out of its
trench and struck Herbert Dickey Bquare
in the face, crushing it in a frightful
manner and knocking him .senseless.
The young man lingered for ten hours
and then died. He was but 24 years of
age and was born in this country.
FEDERATION IN AUSTRALIA.
Voters Favor the Establishment of
the Proposed ocheme.
SYDNEY, N. S. \\\, June 20.— The refer
endum on the federation question has re
sulted In 11,045 votes In favor, as against
10,551 opposition, in the city of Sydney.
In the suburbs the voting was 24.45.8 in
favor and 25,048 opposed, and in the coun
try districts the returns, now practically
complete, show 65,697 for federation as
against 44,015 opposed. The result has
been received with great enthusiasm and
the federation leaders are applauded and
eulogized on all hands.
rrViged between Mokplumno Hill strong
V ys and the flan Andreas giants,
The contest for Goddess of Liberty
has waxed warm, each candidate's
friends are going down Into their pock
ets and buying votes. Ladies from
various parts of the county have been
voted for, and the three young ladies
who now head the list are: Miss Annie
McSorley, 354; Miss Maggie Casey, 297;
Miss Tessle Wesson, 236.
Miss McSorley is a sister of District
■ ■..--.. -
POLICE TO SEIZE
RIVER STEAMERS
Canadian Outrages on
the Yukon.
♦— — -
ENTIRE FLEET IS DOOMED
SCHEME TO CTRUSH AMERICAN
COMPETITION.
Dominion Transportation Companies
Retaliating 1 for the Recent Cut
in the Rates to the
Klondike.
Special Plspatrh to Thp Call.
VICTORIA, B. C. June 20.— News was
received here to-day that the seizure of
the river steamer Kllburne by the North
western police reported by those who ar
rived on the steamer Tees was but the
preliminary step to a far greater seizure.
The whole fleet of the t'pper Yukon Navi
gation Company is to be seized — three
launches and nine river steamers. The
charge on which the Kilburne was ar
rested was that she was carrying pas
sengers without beinp licensed. The
cause given for the seizure of the other
vessels, which are to be taken nt the in
stance of the Canadian customs by the
police, is that they are plying without
being registered and, moreover, are con
traband, us they are American vessels
and no duty has been paid on them.
According to the story told by some of
those in the Yukon transportation busi
ness, there is something behind the pro
jected seizure of the Upper Yukon Com
pany's fleet. As will be remembered, it
' was this company that initiated the rate
war which brought the inbound fare down
considerably, and if the stories which are
common talk at Rennett are to be believed
the hand of the customs authorities is
being: put forward at thf instance of the
big Canadian transportation lines, who
fear the rivalry of the American-owned
line.
The T'pper Yukon Navigation Company
is a Seattle company, owned by A. F. H.
Kilburne. It cut the rates from $100 to
1 Jfi". and started the rate war which re
sulted in the establishment of the ridic
j ulously low rate of $10 to Dawson by the
! Canadian Development Company. The
i rates were afterward raised by a combi
| nation of several lines, but tho T'pper
Yukon Company stayed out of the com
i bination and threatened to again precipi-
I tate a rate war. To avert this, it is al
leged, the customs people have been in
duced to seize the steamers.
INDICTED FOR OFFERING
A BRIBE TO A JUROR
"Big Dan" Coughlin and William
Armstrong Must Answer
Serious Charges.
CHICAGO, June 20.— T0-night the
Grand Jury voted indictments against
"Big Dan" Coughlln of Dr. Cronin
notoriety, and William Armstrong.
Coughlin was indicted on the charge of
offering a bribe to Juror J. F. Taylor, who
sat in a land condemnation case in which
the Illinois Central Rnllroad was interest
ed. He was also Indicted with William
Armstrong, his bartender, on a charge
of conspiracy to do an act prejudicial to
the administration of public Justice. The
punishment prescribed by law upon the
conviction of offering S bribe is a fine not
exceeding $5000. The punishment which
may be Inflicted upon conviction of con
spiracy, as embodied in the pending case,
is a term not to exceed five years in the
penitentiary or a fins not to exceed $2000,
or both.
Coughlin. it is stated, was positively
identified to-day by Juror Taylor, Mrs.
Taylor and a boy who had been sent with
messages to Taylor"? house, and $45'J in
marked bills which, it is claimed, he paid
to Taylor as hush money after he learned
that the juror had spoken to Judge Tut
hill of the matter, was also produced In
evidence.
TO GET OUT OF OHIO.
Standard Oil Company Will Remove
Its Headquarters.
CLEVELAND, Juno 20.— The Standard
Oil Company is preparing to get out of
Ohio. Its hondnuartrrs will he removed
from this city to New- York and on the
Ist of July its Ohio charter will be given
up. The office here will be reduced from
about sixty men to about a tenth of that
number. The recent incorporation of the
company in Now Jersey, with a capital of
JIIO.OOO.OiW. was the tirst step in the aban
donment of Ohio. Virgil P. Kline, the at
torney of the company, stated in an inter
view to-day that there was no desire to
escape litigation and he scouted the idea
that Attorney General Monnett had
driven the company from the State.
Yellow Fever at Panama.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 189», by James Gor
don Bennett.
PANAMA. June 20.— According to an of
ficial bulletin published here to-day there
are only seven cases of fever under treat
ment at present.
Attorney McSorley and her many
friends In San Andreas and Mokelumno
II!!! have so far kopt her In the loac'.
Mis? Casey is a sister of Postmaster
Casey of San Andiv;'.*. She has many
Bupporters, who promise to see their
favorite candidate seated on the covet
ed thron-. Mies Wesson has been srain
lng rapidly the past few days. She is
a sister of County Treasurer Wesson,
lion. Frank ,T. Solinsky is to be presi
dent and Judge K. C. Rust orator of
the day. Tin- .Metropolitan Quartet will
King the national airs.
CHARGE AGAINST
CYCLERS DROPPED
Men Who Ran Down Mr
Phelps Go Free.
EVIDENCE NOT CONCLUSIVE
JONES, SAMPSON AND KENNETT
ARRAIGNED.
Case Is Dismissed After Their Story
of the Accident Near San Car
los Is Told to the
Court.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY. June 20.— Justice 6t
the Peace James Harmon this morning
dismissed the charge of manslaughter pre
ferred against Thomas Jones. Frank
Sampson and Frederick Kennett for bay
ing caused the death of Timothy Guy i
Phelps on May 30. On the morning of that
day Mr. Phelps was run down by a tan- j
dem bicycle ridden by Jones and Sampson
nei r San <'ar!os. Kennett had passed Mr.
Phelps without accident, but the tandem
struck him in the back, causing him to
fall and strike on his head, from the ef- j
fects of which he died on the morning of j
June 11. The young men surrendered
themselves to the authorities of San Fran
cisco as soon as they learned the result
of the accident, and were brought to this
place for examination. They obtained I
their release on bail last Tuesday and ap- !
peared in court this morning with their
counsvl.
The District Attorney took the testi- j
mony of Janus Mayers, the only eye-wit
ness of the accident other than the young!
men themselves. He testified that about
7 o'clock on the morning of May '.',(), as he
was on his way to the ranch of Mr. Hull,
for whom he was working, he met Mr.
Phelps near San, Carlos coming south j
along the county road. Coming in
itie same direction as Mr. Phelps, and a
short distance behind him, was the tan
den ridden by Jones and Sampson. When
about opposite the rear wheel of Mayers'
wagon Mr. Phelps was struck by the
riders and thrown to the ground. Mayors
stopped his horses and went to the assist
ance of the injured man. helping him to
the wagon and taking him to his home
near by. Mayers thought that by using
more care the bicycle riders could have
passed Mr. Phelps without danger, the
road being sufficiently wide at that place.
Jones and Sampson testified in their own
behalf. They said they ipft San Fran
cisco between 5 and *i o'clock that morn
ing for Los Gatos. They met Mr. Phelps
near San Carlos and could easily have
passed between him and the milk wagon
that they met at the same place had he
kept a straight course. Just as they were
about to pas? he stepped toward the cen
ter of the road and immediately In front
of their wheel, rendering the accident un- ;
avoidable. They had no intention of in
juring him and In fact slowed up their
wheel before reaching him.
Frederick Kennett testified that he was
riding a single wheel in advance of the
tandem and that he passed between Mr.
Phelps and the wagon. As he passed he
called to him to look out, meaning to
give warning that another wheel was
coming behind. He said the tandem had
a bell which he thought could have been 1
heard above the noise of the milk wagon. I
The defendants had witnesses present to I
testify to their good characters, but the
court thought it unnecessary. The Dis
trict Attorney believed the evidence
would not warrant the holding of the de
fendants for trial, and the court dis
missed the charge.
SAN MATEO COUNTY'S
BICYCLE ORDINANCE
Rigid Regulations Designed to Pre- |
vent Accidents Because of
Carelessness.
REDWOOD CITY. June 20.— 0n account i
of the many accidents that have occurred !
in San Mateo County through the care- j
lossness of bicycle riders, the Board of j
Superisors has passed an ordinance that
went into effect to-day. It provides:
No person shall ride or drive a bicycle, bi
cycle tandem or other vehicle or machine of a j
similar character upon or along- any public
street or highway within the county of San i
Mateo unless the feet of the person so using
or driving said machine shall be kept on the !
pedals 01 the machine when in motion; the
practice of coasting or scorching being hereby
inhibited: nor without a warning bell, which
must be sounded while approaching or pass
ing over a street crossing or Intersection or ;
when approaching pedestrians or vehicles or
horses or other bicycles or other vehicles or
machines of a similar character.
No person while riding a bicycle, bicycle tan- i
<lem or other vehicle or machine of a similar
character upon or along any public highway •
within said county of San Mateo shall have
fastened to or drag behind said machine any ,
bush, log, stick, post or any other thing that :
shall trail or drag along or upon the public i
highway. The ordinance makes It compulsory !
to carry a lantern or lamp with a light burn- '
ing therein of at least one candle power, he- j
tween the hours of sunset and sunrise of the
following morning, and bicyclists shall keep to
the right of the roadway when approaching
and passing teams. For violation of the pro
visions a fine of not exceeding $500 will be
Imposed or imprisonment for not more than
Blx months. | |
LEGAL CONFLICT
OVER A CHILD
O. A. Lowe Gains Partial
Victory.
DIVORCE DECREE MODIFIED
FATHER GIVEN POSSESSION OF
LITTLE LUCILLE.
Having Won This Victory, It Now
Remains for Him to Wrest the
Girl From His Former
Wife.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, June 20.— Judge Gaddis
has rendered a decision modifying the
decree of divorce in the case of Lowe
vs. Lowe. The domestic infelicities of
( '. A. Lowe and his divorced wife. Hat
lie E. Lowe, have been described in The
j Call. The case has become notorious
, on account of the prominence of the
' principals and the sensational flight of
Mrs. Lowe from the United States, in
j order to avoid the processes of the
; court.
In November, lS9f>. judgment was en
j tered in the Superior Court of Yolo
tountv in favor of Mrs. Lowe upon
her cross-complaint to Mr. Lowe's
I complaint for divorce. It was ordered
that Lucille Lowe, a minor child, be
awarded to her father with the proviso
that Mrs. Lowe, at certain times and
under certain circumstances, should be
I entitled to enjoy her society. Another
condition «>f the doeree was that in the
1 event of the marriage of Mr. Lowe so
much of the decree as related to the
custody of the child should be null and
Void.
After one of these- stipulated monthly
visits Mrs. I. owe clandestinely left the
I I'nited States, taking with her the
child. That was over a year after the
divorce was granted. She was first
; heard from in Honolulu. There was
some correspondence in reference to ex
tradition, but the Attorney General of
tin- Sandwish Islands did not encour
; age that method of regaining posses
sion of the child.
After several months Mrs. Lowe and
: the child again disappeared and all
trace of them was lost until ISPS, when
Mrs. Lowe was located in British Co
lumbia. She was discovered under the
J name of Mrs. Simpson and later the
; child was found in a convent school in
Spokane under the same name.
Iti the meantime a writ was issued
I from the Superior Court of this county
citing Mrs. Lowe to appear and show
cause why she should not be adjudged
' guilty of contempt of court. After
much difficulty this writ was served
; last January. During the latter part of
i February another writ was served cit
ing her to appear and bring with her
; her child. This motion was granted
' upon a notice served upon her attor
neys and the clerk of the court, she re
: siding out of t;.e State.
She failed to obey the citation and
Judge Gaddis rendered the decision
I heretofore referred to.
The modification of the decree has
ii t yet been prepared, hut it will pro
vide that Mr. Lowe shall have absolute
control of the child. Just what proceed
ings will then be taken in order to re
cover the child has not yet developed,
but it is probable that Mr. Lowe,
through his attorney, C. W. Thomas,
! will apply for a writ of habeas corpus.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JBHRjp^B'i^y^rwltfßt^^Ki KEBM3sg§3BBii^Byß[sflw Yf^jsyi
Those "carried=over" suits
that we have had in the
store since last fall are money savers for you. We
have to sell them at one-third less than usual prices
to hurry the sale — we need the room they now
occupy — our new stock is coming.
The "carried-overs" are :
$12 frock suits for $7.75
$15.00 sack suits for $9.75
We will protect you on these suits :
Money returned if you want it; or
Suit kept in repair free for one year.
The frock suits are all-wool i Sack suits are all-wool Scotch
cheviots in blue and black. Well cheviots and tweeds in brown
made dressy suits. $12. 50 last and gray mixtures ; single and
fall — now double breast ; 15 last fall — now
57.75. 59.75.
)S.N.WOODgCO^)
* TIB MARKET ST.. >^to^/
Out-of-town orders filled— write us.
SUES FOR REALTY
WORTH A MILLION
Major Pico Claims Part
of San Jose.
LAND WAS SOLD FOR TAXES
BELONGED TO THE LATE GOV
ERNOR PICO.
Residents of a Thickly Settled Dis
trict Styled "Squatters" in Legal
Documents Soon to Be
Filed.
Special r>i=ratrh to The Call.
SAN JOSE, June 20.— Major Jose Ramnn
Pico, son of the late Governor Pico, will
shortly try to recover (1,000,000 worth of
the best business property in this city,
which he claims was wrested from him
by squatters. Papers are being pre
pared, and it is said suit will he com
menced within two weeks. Senator More
house of this city is one of the counsel
retained by Pico.
The suit will cause consternation among
the property-owners, but it is doubtful
if the major will live long enough to en
joy the property it" he wins, for a long
and determined legal battle must be
fought. The property-owners will band
together and fight every move, and
some express doubt that the land can be
recovered, if there is any defect to the
title, at this late day.
The property Involved i.- conservatively
estimated to be worth $1,000,000. It begins
at rian Fernando and Fourth streets,
thence south with Fourth street to San
Antonio, thence west with San Antonio
to City Hall plaza, thence north with
Market striH-t to San Fernando, thence
east with San Fernando to Fourth, the
place of beginning.
This takes in much valuable property.
On the east and west sides of First street
are solid Mocks oj business houses. The
same may be said of Second street. On
Third and Fourth streets the land is not
<)uite so valuable. There is good busi
ness property on Market and 1 1 i - • south
side of San Fernando, from the Postoffice
to First.
Of late much data has been collected.
It is understood that a majority of
Pico's lawyers arc Kastern men. The
land which belonged to Governor !';■ i
was sold for taxes while he was away
and while Major Pico was fighting for
his country. Those now occupying the
land will be deemed squatters, for it is
held they have no better title. While
the tax sale will be an important point
in the suit, there will be many other
questions raised. One is the violation of
a specific contract which had been made
providing for the care of the property
and the payment of the taxes. The
property had been rented to r. <>. Minor
in ISfiO for a period or' twenty years at a
rental of $50 a month. Minor to care for
the property and pay the taxes. Minor
paid rent for five months and then
abandoned it. Major Pico was then in
the service of the I'nited States.
The title t<> the City Plaza on which
the City Hal! now stands is to be con
tested. Pico had Liven it to the city for
a site for the State Capitol, but one wa.s
never erected and the plaza was put to
other use. This, it is claimed, released
the city's right to the land.
Armor Plats Tested
WASHINGTON. June a).— There was a
test at Indian Head to-day of armor
plate intended for the battleship Wiscon
sin. The lot aggregated 700 tons. The test
plate tapered from X> s 4 inches to 9*^
inches in thickness. The first phot, a Car
penter armor-piercer, with a' velocity of
i ir!7o feet, penetrated the plnt>-> 6% inches:
; the second, a Holtzer armor-piercer, with
] a velocity of 1800 feet, penetrated 0 Inches.
I The plate was not cracked and the test
was satisfactory.
34
DID SCHLEY SAY
"DAMN THE TEXAS?"
Heilner Avers Hodgson
so Stated.
DISPUTE OF THE OFFICERS
«
VERSIONS OF NAVIGATORS AS
TO BATILE OF JULY 3.
Lieutenant Commanders Make Con
tradictory Statements. While
the Object of the Contro
versy Remains Silent.
.1 Dispatch to Th.^ rail.
WASHINGTON, .Tun.- 20. As a
result of the latest developments
in the controversy regarding the
tyed by R( ar Admiral
Schley in the destruction of Cer
vera's fleet many officers think
a court <'f Inquiry should !■•■ ;<p
'lain the facts
ik. them of orflcial record.
There is every reason t<> believe
that Secretary Long has been
advised to take such action and
has the matter under considera
tion, and it would not be surpris
ing if he should lay the sugges
tion before the President f"r in
structions. Since the 'failure of
Congress t « . act upon the nomi
nations for advancement "f Rear
Admirals Schley and Sampson,
ary Long has d< sired t .
let the whole mattei- rest, though
it was apparent that the fight
wi mid be renew < d during the
next session. It is to uiv.> Con
■he facts ;;s gather* d by
a competent court of Inquiry
that the Secretary has been ad
vised to appoint a court.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLING- j
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, June 20.— I
I'ollowlng the statement of Lieutenant i
Commander Hodgson regarding the events
hat occurred on the bridge of the Brook- '
lyn July 3, the Nevy Department to-day
made public the following report from
Captain Chadwick of his examination of i
Lieutenant Commander Heilner:
V. S. S. New York, Boston, Mass . June 10,
1899.
sir- In obedience to the order? of the Secre
tary of the Navy, I have the honor to make
the following report of an examination of
Lieutenant Commander Heilner, with respeci.
to his knowledgi of a conversation reported to .
have occurred between Hear Admiral S< hley j
and Lieutenant Commander Hodgson regarding i
the action of July 3, lw Lieutenant Com- I
mander Heilner ftatfs as follows:
"At one of the early sessions of the board (
on ship's position during the action of July 3. i
I strongly expressed my doubt as to the Brook
lyn'i position before making the trip as laid '
down by Lieutenant Hodgson. Several other |
navigators, Mr. Con ley and Mr. Scwetz, I know '
t-lde<l with me. Mr. Hodgson and I, on this ]
particular occasion, walked up and down the j
port side of the cabin of the Brooklyn, in which j
:he board was sitting. It is my impression that !
Mr. Hodgson claimed that the Brooklyn was •
UOfl yards from the leading Spanish Fhip when
the turn was made. The board. I think, put j
It later at 14W yards. Mr. Hodgson told me !
that he felt certain they were closer than 1400 |
>ards, and that their stadimeter gave *■>■' yards. I
He said: "We were bo close that Schley nave I
the order "Hard a-port." I Lid to htm: "You I
m«nn starboard, do you?"' The commodore said: j
"So, I mean port, we are close enough to them I
now." Mr., Hodgson said he thpn called Ltten
tlon to the position of the Texas, and told the !
commodore he thought there was danger of i
running her down. The commodore replied: !
"D n the Texas, let her look out for herself."
This conversation was repeated to me on Bey- j
ernl occasions.
Everything I say now was contained in Mr. |
Hodgson's statement. The words may have j
been a little different. He may have said: j
"Don't you mean starboard, commodore?" In- i
stead of the first phraseology. He certainly !
said, "We are near enough to them now," and i
llso "D n the Texas: let her loik out fr her- j
self." Ho repeated this conversation to me at j
least throe times during the sessions of the I
board, because every time a discussion arose
I recurred to the position given by him, which
I did not think correct. I placed no depend
ence on any observation by stadimeter or sex- |
tant during gun fire. My experience was that |
during the action I could not get a ell •'•• ob- j
nervation by the standimeter on which I could j
place any confidence, though I was using two j
Ftandimeters and had a man on the conning .
tower with cleaning material, whose only duty
was to try to keep the glasses clean. with i
the utmost care this could not be done. I |
tried keeping the stadimeter under my coat, ]
but It was no use. I mention this us a reason j
for the doubts which brought up the discus
sion. The report as published was practically
the conversation as repeated to me.
Lieutenant Heilner appends his signature as l
an attest to the accuracy of the report here- I
with given. Very respectfully,
F. E. CHADWICK, Captain U. S. N.
I. C. HEILNER, Lieutenant Commander U.
P. N.
To the commander in chief.
BALTIMORE, June 20.— Rear Admiral
Bchley, who Is visiting General Felix An- I
gus at the home of the latter near thin i
city, declined to-day to comment upon cr
discuss in any manner the statements of ■
Lieutenant Commander Hodgson or Lieu
tenant Commander Heilner. General An
gus said: "Admiral Schley has nothing I
to say. This is merely a dispute between I
Junior officers. History tells the rest."
DETECTIVES TELL OF
SPRING'S ADVENTURES
Suit for Divoreo Against the San
Josean Heard Behind Closed
.Doors.
SAX JOSE, June 2". The suit foT di
vorce <it Emily T. PprinK against H. M.
N. Spring on statutory grounds began be
fore Judge Lorlgan behind closed doors
to-day. Two co-respondents the Misses
Bahrs of San Francisco nr>' named In the
complaint, but as yet their namea have
not been mentioned in court.
Mrs. Spring was the first witness. Her
testimony merely related to her mar
rinK<' with Spring In IK9I.
Detectives I*. J. Curtln and Rloomfieid
were on the stand the rest of the day.
They told of th<- shadowing of spring
with n young lady In San Francisco.
'i n'-v were sure it was nut Mrs. Spring.
Spring and his fair companion had at dlf
• times visited the Oberon, the Pabst
Cafe and various other places of amuse
ment.
Mrs. Sprinp will take the stand again
to-morrow.
Challenge Cup for Automobiles.
Cable to The ''.-Mi and the New y., r k
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by Juries Gor-
Bennett.
PARIS, June 20.— At n meeting of ;he
.; tee of tji . - Automol lie • ;iub de
France held yesterday it was announced
that a challenge cup of the val< f 10,900
tram's bad been presented to the club t<;r
an International :>ani race. Every club
In countries where automibilism " Is in
honor will select a team in represent it
In this race, where the challenge cup will
be the only prize.
Pears' soap is noth-
ing but soap.
Pure soap is as gen-
tle as oil to the living
skin.
EDITOR TO ASSIST
IN TAKING CENSUS
SAX RAFAEL, June 20.— Stephen
H. Olmsted, editor of the Marin
Jou/nal. received formal notifica
tion to-day thai his candidacy for
Deputy Census Director of the
Thin! Census District of California
has been Indorsed by Senator Perkins
and Congressman Barham. This in
dorsement is equivalent to an appoint
ment. Olmsted was selected from a field
of twenty-two candidates.
Editor Olmsted is a native of Allen
County, Ohio, and is 42 years of age.
!!■• came to California in 1888 and en
tered the journalistic profession at San
Diego, where lie served eight years as
a City Councilman. He purchased the
Marin Journal from W. C. Brown last
year, olmsted is a stanch Republican,
and his recognition at this time is said
to be a result of the aggressive fighi
he made for protection during the last
campaign.
The Third Census District embraces
the counties of Colusa, Del Norte,
Glenn. Humboldt, Lake, Lassen, Ma
rin, Mendocino, Modoc. Napa. Plumas,
Shasta. Sierra. Sisklyou, Solano, So
noma, Tehama, Trinity and Yolo. Act
ual census takinp will not begin until
next April, but a vast amount of
liminary work will be done in the
meantime.
BAD CONDITIONS
IN THE SOUTH
Causes of the Agricul
tural Depression.
COLORFQ RACE A DETRIMENT
ONE WITNESS WOULD COLONIZE
THE NEGROES.
»
The 1 -trial Commission Is Also
Told That Railroads Injured Pro
ducers by Charging Ex
orbitant Rates.
Special Dispatch to The
WASHINGTON, June 20.— The Indus
trial Commission to-day continued its In
vestigation of the agricultural conditions
of the South. J. Poik Brown, pr< -
of the Agricultural Society of Georgia,
was the first witness. He airr 1 with
Mr. Barrett, who tesi terday that
the condition of agriculture in the South
was more depressed than it had ever been.
Me>r< i Pie were plowing barefooted and
barebacked than ever before. He agreed
with the late Henry Grady that the fault
was not with the soil or climate nor. as
many had claimed, was it entirely with
the tariff. One of the most prolific causes
of the trouble was in the fact that cjt
ton was pra< tically the only crop. An
other cause, he asserted, was that the
ation was not sufficiently practical.
As far as the colorea race was con
cerned, there was no opening for them In
trade or in the professions. Mr. Brown
dwelt on the presence of the negro as the
special cause of the want of development
of the South. He regarded him as re
tarding the industrious, moral, religious,
social and agricultural development of the
section and he felt that If he were
absent a better class of labor would take
his place. The more the negro was paid
the less efficient he was as a laborer.
Mr. Brown wanted the race separated
from the whites and colonized, either In
this country or elsewhere, In the interests
of the Southern State.-. Hut the rac* is
non-progressive and indisposed to adopt
new methods and new devices. The great
obstacle in the way of the development
of the manufacturing interests was the
want of money. „ .
Mr. Brown advocated diversified crops,
recommending that each community
should raise sufficient of everything to
meet its own demand.
At the afternoon session the commission
listened to a statement by P. H. Lovejoy,
a merchant and planter of Hawklnsville,
Ga. He spoke especially of the relations
of the local merchants and the farmers;
The merchants themselves had not been
prosperous for several years. They wer-j
compelled to make the majority of their
Bales on credit, and had to take mort
gages upon the lands of the farmer, if they
had any. or on their crops if they had no
lands. "Many of them were not able to
give collateral of any value, and to such
men pales were made on large margins of
profits. „ ,
"We size a man up," he said. "If he is
good we sell to him on a small margin.
if he is a hard case we take what he has
and quit."
He said that freight rates from Georgia
to New York were about twice what they
are from New York to Georgia. The larsre
cities were evidently being built up at the
expense of the country. Even the water
melon crop was unfavorable. "We have
found that in shipping melons we pay the
freight." he said. "The railroads cut us
out of profits in that business."
DECLARES COURSING
A VIOLATION OF LAW
Los Angeles Justice Renders a De
cision Against Promoters of
the Sport.
LOS ANGELES. June 20.— D. Black
this morning received the first heavy
blow in his struggle with the Humane
Society. Colonel Black, as manager of
the Agricultural Park Coursing Club, is
Interested in the sport and minks that it
ought to continue. The Humane Society
dorp not agree with him.
On Saturday arguments for and against
the existence of coursing in this State
were heard by Justice James in Town
ship Court. This morning he gave his
decision against the colonel and against
the sport, and says coursing is a viola
tion of the law. in his decision Justice
James, after detailing the manner of
catching and killing harts during cours
ing games, says:
It Is a question Which has never boon directly
passed ur> 'ii by any appellate court, ms far as
can be ascertained The words torture," "tor
ment" and "cruelty" In the statute are held
to Include every act. omission or neglect where
b unnecessary or un*"«Mflable physical pain
or Buffering is caused or permitted. To cap
ture or to destroy a hare in Its wild state Is
right— that is not denied but having been re
duced from Its wild condition to a state of cap
tlvitv I believe a person seeking to destroy it
must adopt means of killing likely to produce
the least pain and suffering:.
Colonel Black to-night determined to
appeal the case to the Superior Court.
SADLER IS SANGUINE.
Believes the Nevada Recount Will
Not Unseat Him.
CARSON, New, June 20.— 1n the Gov
ernorship contest the morning session of
the Supreme Court was devoted, to an ex
amination of It - ballots of Douglas Coun
ty. Sadler discovered one ballot belong
ing to him. which was admitted by both
sides. Eastfork Precinct developed sev
eral ballots for McMillan with words writ
ten on them. They were laid out for the
court's decision. Washoe County was
taken up. McMillan had a big plurality
there. In Wadswonh Precinct Sadler lied
eighteen objections to McMillan's three,
and several undoubtedly will be sustained,
as the ballots arewritten upon. HuffakcrM;
Salt Marsh and .Olemlalo showed only
three defective ballots, which were ob
jected to. - The Washoe County vote v.i;i
take up to-morrow, and Storey will fol
low. Although Sadler has lost a number
of votes he figures on a material gain,
as he has 1000 votes to recount in McMil
lan's precincts.
THE SAX FttAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 21, 1899.
STEPHEN H- OLMSTED.
OVERRIDE THE
CONSTITUTION
The Ruling- of Hawaiian
Judges on Slavery.
CONTRACT LAWS UPHELD
■ — ♦ I
I
THE ADVERSE DECISION ON THE
LABORERS' APPEAL.
Penal Servitude Declared to Be Per
fectly Legal in the Islands, and
There Is No Redress for
Employes.
Correspondence of The Call.
HONOLULU, June 13.— 1n decisions upon
a criminal case, several ship registry
cases and a contract labor case the Su
preme Court insists upon the independ
ence of the republic of Hawaii toward the
titution and laws of the United
States. The conviction by nine out of
twelve jurors, according to Hawaiian law.
must stand even if inconsistent with the
ral constitution. Th<- same thing- is
held regarding the wain of indictment by
a Grand Jury.
Applications for maritime registry with
the Hawaiian flag must be granted to
bona :i'lr shiji owners of Hawaiian na
tionality.
Customs duties are payable upon mer
chandise, dutiable under Hawaiian law.
imported from United States ports.
1 ontract laborers ;■.!•«■ held to the p*»nal
t< rms of 1 "acts. It needs only to
< quote the language of the court upon the
case involving the contract Labor law of
Hawaii. Th< it says:
"Actions under th<- masters ami serv
ants aci arc civil fictions and should be Sil
entitled. Certain provisions of the con
stitution of the United States are nor in
force in Hawaii during the present tran
sition period; to wit: Amendments V, VI,
VH. viil and XIII and Article 111. sec
tion 2."
It was the casi of Hnnnmu Sugar Com
pany vs. Sayewig and N. Gzeluch. The
District Magistrate of Smith Hilo had
given Judgment against the defendants
■ fusii g bound service. " I [ere it
may bi stated that upon a first adverse
judgment the defendani is ordered to re
turn to Bervice and pay costs, it he re
fuse or neglect t" obey this mandate,
upon second appearance h>- is fined not
more than |5 and costs. Further refusal
t'> comply with the contract and court
results in imprisonmi nt until the <!■
! ant becomes subdued.
In the caae jusi decided the defendants
appealfl from the decision of the mapis
trati- on points of law, th<- points being
"that the proceedings, arrest, trial and
judgment are contrary to the constitution
of th>' (Tnited States, and that sections
i:!.M and I3Bfi, penal laws of Hawaii, under
whirh these proceedings are had. are
contrary t<> the constitution of th^* United
States."
The appeals were dismissed and the
judgment of the lower court was affirmed.
Ijet lawyers con over the foregoing
facts, reconciling them with thf> oath pre
scribed by President McKinley on mo
transfer of sovereignty and exchange of
dags, which I'iii'is all executive and iu
dicial officers of the republic of Hawaii
to support the constitution of the United
Btat< s.
The Hllo and Honolulu Railroad Com
pany is making a fresh effort for a char
tc-r. Public opinion is divided— not alto
gether without prejudice as to persons -
regarding President Dole's refusal of the
previous application. Mr. Qehr has pub
lished a stronp review of the presidential
reasons. The Bulletin points out what it
deems the inconsistency of Mr. Dole's ac
tion contrary to the advice of a majority
of the Cabinet, taking it with his minority
report as a member of the Hawaiian Com
mission. In that document, it is re
called, he urged the advisability of sur
rounding the governor of the territory of
Hawaii with a body of counselors, h'old
inp that otherwise the country would be.
liable to suffer the abuses of autocratic
and Irresponsible government as under
the monarchical rejrime. Tt is said that
the promoters of the company will appeal
to Washington, besides renewing their
application at Honolulu for what they
claim as their rights.
VICTIMS OF POWDER
EXPLOSION INTERRED
Company's Generosity to Relatives
of Men Who Lost Their
Lives.
SAX RAFAEL, June 20.- The funeral of
Thomas Morrlsey and John and Edward
Becomb, three victims of the explosion
which destroyed the works of the United
States Smokeless Powder Company last
Saturday, i""k place to-day from the un
dertaking parlors of Coroner Eden. A larpe
assemblage was present to show respect to
the memory of the dead and the caskets
were buried beneath a profusion of floral
offerings. The interment was at Mount
Olivet Cemetery and the Secombs, father
ami son. were laid to resi together.
The powder company has borne all the
expense of the funeral, as well as that
of Frank Hollenbeck and the expense in
curred in Bending his remains to the home
of his mother In Martinez. Mrs. Seeomh
and her three daughters have been given
a life lease of their home near the powder
works, with the exclusive privilege of con
ducting a boarding-house there.
Frank Webster, one of the men injured
in th<- explosion, took a turn for th<> worse
to-day, and it is feared the roll of deaths
due to the accident may be Increased to
five. He was very feverish all day and
suffered so much from his burns that he
was anabli to i. H anything. The burns
on the back are deep and may result in
paralysis and death,
John Farrell, with the exception of
being sure and stiff, is fast improving.
It is saiil the company Intends to erect
a Riant powder factory in place of the
smokeless powder mill at an additional
cost of several thousand dollars. The site
may be changed to Point San Pedro, on
the MoNear property.
Philadelphia Proceeds Slowly.
HONOLULU. June 13.-The United
States ship Philadelphia left for Kan
Francisco on the IKb. Owing to the foul
ness of i;< r bottom Admiral Kauts will
not attempt to make Bpeed on this trip.
TRIAL OF WARDNER
RIOTERS BEGINS
Eight Accused Miners
Arraigned.
MURDER AND ARSON CHARGED
CASES GROU OUT OF BUNKER
HILL DISASTER.
Reddy Announces That He Will Move
to Quash All the Grand Jury
Indictments, and Sacures
a Brief Continuance.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WALLACE, Idaho, June 20.— Tho court
room was filled this afternoon when John j
Cronln, Joe Eella. George Cradl:)ck. Alex- j
ander Wills, Patrick A. Aduddell, Joseph
M. lnman, James Cozzaglio and Paul j
Corcoran were arraigned. Separate in
dictments against each were read chars
ing Diem with the murder of Jam
Cheyne, the Bunker Hill man killed dur- |
Ing the riot April 29 at Wardner. Similar I
indictments chargingithem with the mur
der of Joseph Schmidt, a miner killed the
same day, were also read.
Next came the blanket indictment
charging these elgnt with arson In burn
ing the Bunker Hill boarding house and
another charging conspiracy to Intimidate
employes of the Bunker Hill mill and
frighten them intn quitting work.
'i'li.' indictments showed that forty
s< \. ii witnesses were examined !>■ . tri
the Grand Jury.
Counsel for defense asked for time in
which to plead, hut Jikljto Stewart would
not prant beyond 1 o'clock Thursday
■ moon, although he said if the defense
was not ready then more time would I"'
allowed.
Colonel Reddy said it was his intention
to move to quash the indictments, and
he wouid not have time to prepare so
many separate motions if he continued
the work on the cases against the Sheriff
and Commissioners, in which he was
preparing a motion to quash the citations.
Court adjournea until to-morrow morn
ing with the prospect of no business be
fore Thursday afternoon, but with a pos
sibility of the impeachment cases com
ing up to-morrow.
One hundred and thirty men engaged
in Missouri to work in the mines arrived
to-night.
UNFAIRNESS OF THE
ASSESSOR IS ALLEGED
BOISE. Idaho. June 20.— The Governor
has made the following promotions in the |
Idaho Volunteers resulting from the va
cancy caused by the resignation of Cap
; tain Schattner of Company ii: First Li^u- :
tenant Edward O. Martinson of Compi ly
B, to be captain of Company B; Second
Lieutenant Robert D. Stalnton of Com
pany B, to be first lieutenant of Company
B; Private Chipear Wileut of Company
J-:. t:, be second lieutenant of Company B.
.Indg- }■'.. Mcßride of Spokane, repre
senting th<- Bunker Hill and Sullivan Min
ing and Concentrating Company, to-Jay
applied to United States Judge Beatty
and secured an alternative injunction
againsi M. J. Dowd, Assessor of Shoshone
County, restraining that official from Bell-
Ing the propi rty of the Bunker Hill p.rd
Sullivan Company for delinquent taxes.'
The writ is made returnable in Han Fran-,
Cisco on July 13 next. The petition for the'
writ s.ts forth that the assessmeni made
by Assessor Dowd and equalized by :ne j
i ounty board is illegal.
The petition for the writ contains the
following statement, which, in view iif
the condition of affairs in Shoshone
County, Is Very significant: "That the dt
-1 crimination against the complainant in
these valuations Is born from the fact that
these mining companies which employ la
borers and miners In their mines and min
ing operations known as members of lab >r
unions only had their property assessed
of like character and class of that of the
complainant at about 50 per cent less than
x):c complainant and. as affiant verily l><*
liaves, that this was done willfully as
punishment because the complainant comp
any refused to exclude from its employ
ment miners and laborers who did not be
lonfil to BUCh labor organizations."
Proceeding, the petition states that
Dowd and the members of the Hoard of
County Commissioners were elected by
the miners' union, and that those officers
have discriminated against the Bunker
Hill and Sullivan because of the latter' a
, refusal to employ only union men.
GIVEN THE STANFORD
HAIR OF ECONOMICS
Frank Albert Fetter Accepts a Per
manent Professorship at
Palo Alto.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, June 20.—
It was announced to-day that President
! David Starr Jordan had appointed Frank
I Albert Fetter to the professorship of
economics. This appointment ia of great
! importance, for Dr. Jordan has 1 i try
; ing for some time to make Professor bet
ter's position In the university permanent.
During the past year Professor Fetter
I offered (foursea in the elements of eco
nomics, transportation, advanced eco
nomic theories and charities. Professor
| Fetter to-day announced that he would
give the following courses, all of them
to continue through the year: Elements
of economics, economic history, dealing
with American and English phases of the
subje.t, and advanced economic theory.
Professor Fetter was the lirst one to
hold the President White fellowship in
, political science, then newly established,
at Cornell in honor of Andrew 1). White,
now the United States Commissioner at
the peace conference at The Hague. He
took the degree of Ph. M. at Cornell In
Wl and went to Europe, studying in
l'aris and in the German universities and
taking his Ph. D. at the University of
Halle in 1894. Since then he was instruc
tor nt Cornel! for one year and head of
trie department of economics at Indiana
University for three years and acting pro
fessor of economics on temporary ap
i polntment at Stanford during 1898-9.
During the past three weeks Professor
Fetter han been doing some investigating
In San P'rcnelsco. Concerning this work
fe said to-day:
"In connection with five students I have
made a beginning toward sociological field
work. "We took a portion of the district
south of Market street and prepared a
map of Its social features, illustrating the
character of the business and extent and
■ nature of the social influences at work.
I This work is to be carried on and it Is
i hoped that from a careful study of the
slums in this manner some work can be
'. Inaugurated to better the condition of the
people who live within them."
CAPITA STOCK INCREASED.
Oahu Sugar Company Is Enlarging
Its Scope.
HONOLULU, Juno B.— At a special
1 meeting of the directors of the Oahu
Sugar Company held on Wednesday it
was decided to increase the capital stock
to $3,000,000. New stock to the amount of
$1,200,000 will be issued, a moiety of which
will be. paid up shares to the present
, stork holders. The other JfiOrt.OOO will be
in assessable stock placed on the market,
the proceeds to I >p expended in erecting
two additional pumping plants. These
Will Irrigate 7000 acres of land.
The stock market tor the past week has
: been without special feature. Transac
tions have been comparatively few and
none large. Oahu. in anticipation of the
i Increase of capital stock, showed a little
of a tlurry.
Ends Life With Giant Powder.
REDDING, June 20.— News has been re
; ceived here of the horrible suicide of Wil
-1 liam T. Speaks at Iron Mountain some
i time last night. Speaks blew his hear! oil
with giant powder. The mangled remains
! were found this morning. Speaks was
fil years of age and unmarried. He was a
miner by vocation. He. had worked In
; this vicinity . for twelve years and re
: cently acted as keeper at a mine at Iron
: Mountain. No reason is ascribed for the
, suicide.
PARENTS CONDUCTED
HER INITIATION
STOCKTON, June 20.— Oak I^eaf Chapter, Order of Eastern Star of Oak
land, has claimed an honor which the ladies and gentlemen composing
Home Chapter No. 50 of this city feel belongs to them.. Interest in the con
tention was aroused by an artir! > in The Call of the 11th inst., under the
caption "An Unusual Fraternal Event." The article stated in part:
For the first time in the history of thp Order <jf the Eastern Star in this State,
a young lady was Initiated into a chapter of the order by hr>r mother and f;itlior.
the one acting as worthy matron and the other as worthy patron. This occurred
last Thursday night in Oak Leaf Chapter of Oakland, and thp candidate was
Miss Gertrude, the charming daughter of Past Grand Patron John Boston Mer
ritt and Mrs. Merritt. both past grand officers of the chapter.
The records of Home Chapter of Stockton show that this honor and un
usual fraternal event belongs here. Home must therefore disillusionize Oak
Leaf Chapter. •
.Miss Lucia N. Keniston was initiated into the local chapter January IH.
1897, by her parents, Charles M. Keniston and Nellie W. Keniston, both
past prand officers of the chapter.
The noteworthy event was appropriately celebrated at the time. Miss
Keniston is a popular young lady, accomplished and winsome, and has been
active in chapter work ever since her parents initiated her into its knowl
edge.
RIOTING ALONG
TROLLEY LINES
Serious Disturbances at
Cleveland.
NON-UNION MEN INJURED
WOMEN SHRIEK IN TERROR
WHILE CARS ARE STONED.
Mob Surrounds the South Side Barns
of the Big Consolidated Com
pany, but tho Strike May-
Soon Be Settled.
Special Dispatch to Thp Call.
CLEVELAND, June 20.— While the pros
pecta for a settlement of the strike of the
street railway men are brighter to-night
than they have been at any time since the
trouble began, there has been more seri
oua rioting to-day than at any previous
time.
The disturbance? began early in the
morning and continued throughout the
day, and to-night a big mob surrounds
the south side barns of the Big Consoli
dated Company, determined to get at the,
non-union men housed there.
While the sympathizers of the strikers ;
were hurling bricks and stones at the non
union motormen and conductors a special
committee of the City Council was trying
to get the representatives of the Btrikers
and the offlteers of the company together,
and it succeeded to the extent of inducing
the Btrikers to submit a proposition i.i ;
writing and g.-tttng the consent of Presi
dent Everett of the Kig Consolidated to
submit the same to the board of directors
in the morning. The strikers' proposition
abandons the demand for the recognition
of the union, but asks that all the old men
be tak.n back save those who may be
convicted in court of destroying property.
The members of the Council committee
believe a settlement is in sight.
As has been the rule since the strike be-
Ban riotous disturbances broke put to-day
about noon. A crowd boarded a Wade
and Park avenue car near Lindus and
Anndale avenues and beat the non-union
motorman into insensibility. The con
duct o, tied from his car. Another Wade-
P-irk avenue car was stoned, and one on
1 Euclid avenue line was attacked.
Many women were on board and shrinked
with terror as stones crashed through the |
car windows. One woman tainted. j
At the corner of Wilson avenue and
QuUicy Street one man was shot and oth- \
ers had narrow escapes. The passengers :
iscaDfcd as best they COUld when the,
stones began to fly. but the conductor and I
motorman were struck repeatedly. The |
fStter drew a revolver and tired three
times into the crowd. He then put on all
"peed and ran his car out of the mob s j
re Geofg« Berg Jr.. a striking conductor.
was hit In thl leg by a bullet, which was
extracted. No arrests were made.
I ate this afternoon at Central and Wil
son avenues a crowd of 2000 persons ob
structed the passage of two cross-town
cars Bricks were thrown and the win
dows of the cars broken. One of the non- ,
union motormen was hit by a brick and |
so badly injured that it was necessary
to send' him to a hospital. Later a car
on the south fide line was attacked near
the suburb of Brighton. The motorman
and conductor were chased into the woods
by a mob.
"The people of the smith side nursed
their wrath all day. They made no at
tempt to interfere with the running of
cars on the Clark avenue line so long
as there was police protection, but this
evening there was a determined effort to
get at the non-uniion men wlin were taken
to the barns this afternoon to operate
the cars from that end of the line. Soon
after dark a mob of SOno people assem
bled. There were twenty policemen at
the barns, but they were powerless to
handle the mob. Fences were torn down
and the crowd broke into the barns. In
the meantime the non-union men had es
caped to the attic and the rioters con
tented themselves with smashing a few
of the cars. By that time several wagon
loads of policemen had arrived and the
mob was dispersed.
Coal Sent to the Newark.
Pprrial Cnb\t> to The Tall and the New Ynrk
Hornl'l. CopyrlKhted, IRD9, by James CJor-
don Bennett.
VALPARAISO, June 20.— The general
director of the Chilean navy has received
a cable dispatch from Ancud, stating that
in accordance with the Government's or
ders, the gunboat Plsagua. having on
board officers and a boat's crew from the
United States cruiser Newark and bear
ing 2cO tons of coal, started from that
port at P o'clock Sunday morning for Port
Low to supply the American warship with
means to continue her voyage.
The Hawaiian Exhibit.
HONOLULU, June 13.— Hon. A. S. Cleg
horn is recovering from a fortnight's ill
ness of the grip. He will probably leave
on his duty as president of the commis
sion to Omaha some time in July. Secre
tary Logan hopes to leave with the Ha
waiian exhibit in the Mariposa on the 23d
inst. A goodly collection, for the short
notice given given by Commissioner Mus
tead from Omaha, is anticipated.
Rabbi Levy's Visit.
HONOLULU, June 13.— Rabbi Levy is
greatly enjoying his visit to the islands.
Rev. W. M- Kincaid. pastor of Central
Union Congregational Church, has ten
dered the distinguished Hebrew clergy
man his pulpit for a date to be arranged.
ANNUAL RALLY
OF THE ELKS
Grand Lodge Meeting
and Reunion.
ENTERTAINMENT IS VARIED
EIGHT THOUSAND WILL JOIN
IN THE PARADE.
Mayor Zeigenhein of St. Louis Wel
comes the Visiting Herds and
Turns Over the Keys of
City anu Breweries.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. LOUIS, June 20.— Thousands of i
members of the Benevolent and Protective
Order of Elks are here from every prom
inent city in the country to attend the thir- j
ty-first meeting of the Grand Lodge and |
reunion of that order, which began hero j
to-day and will continue throughout the
week.
Various kinds of entertainment and ex- |
cursions have been provided for the vis- |
itors by the local lodge. To-morrow there i
will be a grand parade, in which it, is ex- !
pected 8000 Elks will participate. There
will also be prize drills and band contests.
For the latter event at least twenty bands i
have assembled. Twelve thousand dollars
in prizes will be distributed among these
contestants and to participants in the pa- j
rade.
The opening exercises were held to-day ;
at the Olympic Theater, which was crowd
ed with badge-bedecked Elks and their la
dies. Rev. R. G. Roscamp, grand chap
lain, of Kokomo. Ind.. offered prayer.
Louis P. Aloe, chairman of the local ex
ecutive committee, made the opening ad
dress of welcome. He was follow by
Mayor Henry ■£?. Zeigenhein, who wel
comed the Elks to St. Louis, turning over
to them, the keys of th city and the ;
breweries. Burt W. Lyon welcomed the
visitors on behalf of the St. Louis lodge.
Hon. John Galvin of Cincinnati, the ■
grand exalted ruler, responded. He
thanked the Mayor and local Elks for ;
their hearty welcome and then went on 10
say:
"The order of Elks has been more mis
understood, more censured and more ac
cused by those who do not know it than
has any other organization in existence. j
On the other hand, it has been more !
praised, more commended and more loved :
by these who do know it than any i
other organization. Many people have
thought that it was merely a convivial
organization with no serious objects or
purposes. This is a great mistake. The
ground work and foundation of the order i
is the great golden rule of life. 'Do unto
others as you would that they should do
unto you.' "
After a "Sketch of the Past." by Meade |
D. Detweiler. past grand exalted ruler, j
and "A Glimpse Tnto the Future," by
Hon. Howard MeSherry of New Bruns- ;
wick (N. J.) Lodge, the Grand Lodge
went into secret session.
The first thing taken up in secret
session was the annual report of Grand
Secretary Reynolds. This showed a total
membership of 58,000, divided .among 516
lodges. During the past year seventy-six
new lodges with a membership of 11,000
have been added to the roll. The report
of the grand treasurer was also read.
The consideration of a new constitu
tion was made a special order for to
morrow afternoon. ; . .
The vote on the place for holding the
next Grand Lodge was also made a spe
cial order for Wednesday afternoon. The
conclave then adjourned to 2 p. m. to
morrow. _^_________
GOULD GIRL AIDING
REVOLUTIONARY PLOTTERS
Friendly Dinner Given to Deroulede
to Hive the Motives of the
Castellanes.
NEW YORK. June 20.— A cable to the
Journal from Paris says: A revolution
ary gathering assembled to-night at
Count and Countess Boni Castellane'B.
The ostensible object was a friendly din
ner to Deroulede, who has just returned
from the country. All the Castellan?s,
old and young, are trying to get him to
corrupt the army against the republic at
the July 14 military review. President
Loubet will probably instruct the incom
ing Ministry to stop the annual review.
Count Castellane always leaves town
after the Grand Prix, but in order to
cover his schemes and the revolutionary
conspiracy, he has given out the Infor
mation that he will leave Paris in his
yacht for the north of Scotland on July
lfi. Anna Gould is paying the expenses
not only of her husband, but of all the
plotting Castellanes, including tho old
Countess.
Dies in a County Hospital.
MARYSVILLE.JuneIO.— George Mackie.
who for eight years was an Inmate of the
Yuba County Hospital, died at that insti
tution this afternoon. He was a Canadian
and 7K years of age. He had no relatives
in this State.
Rice's Mission in Hawaii.
HONOLULU. June 13.— F. A. Rice of the
California State Board of Horticulture
is here to obtain the services of Professor
Koebele. entomologist for the Hawaiian
Government, for his State. Mr. Rice i
failed to keep an appointment with the '
Board of Aericnlture on Saturday to dis- ■.
cuss the subject.
TRAIN ROBBERS
ME CAPTURED
Two Desperadoes Are
Surprised.
OVERTAKEN BY A POSSE
— «
WINCHESTERS COMPEL THEM TO
SURRENDER.
The Prisoners Answer the Description
of the Brothers Who Held Up
a Union Pacific Train
in Wyoming.
Specta! Dispatch to The Call.
BUTTE, Mont., June 20.— A special to
the Miner from Billings, Mont., says:
Word was received here last night that
! two desperate-looking characters answer
: ing the description of the two brothers
! advertised in the reward of $3000 each,
dead or alive, for the hold up and robbery
of the Union Pacific fast mail train near
Rock Creek. Wyo., recently, were in hid
' ing on a ranch about three or four miles
from Red Rock, in Beaver Head County.
Sheriff Pyle being away at the time, f»-^
posse was at once organized by rii'l^l^
j Sheriff R. J. Moore to effect a capture. . V
! special train was made up and left here
lat 11 o'clock to take the posse to Red
j Rock, arriving there about midnight.
They at once started for the rendezvous,
'■ which was reached at about daylight.
The robbers were asleep, and on retir
. ing had taken their arsenal off. When
awakened they were gazing at the muz
zles of six or seven ugly-looking In
i chesters with resolute and cool men De
hind each of them. When called upon to
surrender they doggedly assented, as it
was impossible for them to do otherwise.
The robbers were on foot and had n«
appearance of having had a hard time or
it as they looked to be completely worn
out and in a half-famished condition.
The posse with their prisoners arrived
at Red Rock about 6 o'clock this evening
and had to again 'resort to "special ser
j vice in order to get the prisoners to a
i place of safety, which they did about 11
1 o'clock to-night, landing them safely In
. the jail here, where they will be held to
, await further instructions and identifica
tion. . .
From all descriptions received up to
date Mr. Moore is confident he has tne
right parties and expects to come in for
a slice of the big reward offered for t.ie
; capture of the perpetrators of one of the
1 most daring and cleverly executed train
robberies of this time as well as one ot
■■ the best-paying jobs to the participants.
TRIAL OF MRS. STORKE
DRAWING TO A CLOSE
District Attorney Squire and Senator
Boyce Begin Arguments to
the , ury.
SANTA BARBARA. Junr> ZU.—Argu
ments in the Yda Addis Storke libel trial
began this afternoon. District Attorney
Squire in his closing address said all the
witnesses who appeared for the State had
testified to facts and their evidence had
not been shaken in the least by counsel
for the defendant. He declared the de
fense had tried to throw the r-rime upon
F. N. Gutierrez and Grant Jackson, whu,
he said, were dragged in to arouse a
doubt in the minds of the jurors as to
who the guilty person really was. He
spoke of the serious nature of the crime
and said the main object of the defendant
was to do all In her power to injure Dr.
Winchester.
Senator Boyce, for the defense, after re
viewing; the eviaenee of the State, told of
his honest belief in the Innocence of Mrs.
Storke. Turning to the testimony oi The
odore Kytka. the handwriting expert, Mr
Boyce attacked severely the admission of
such evidence. He drew a striking pic
ture of the present state of the French
republic, nearly rent by the Dreyfus scan
dal, telling that it was through the testi
mony of Government handwriting experts
that the crime was fastened upon the un
fortunate captain. He said the expert,
like the attorney, was hired to promote
a purpose, and for the same reason that
it is said the attorney for neither side
can be believed, so the testimony of the
expert should be suspected. The Senator
spoke from 2:40 until ."> o'clock, when
court adjourned until to-morrow.
Vagaries of an Insane Mind.
STOCKTON. July 20.— Belle Crispin to
day filed a petition in the Superior Court
asking to be appointed guardian of Mrs.
Sophia Wright, alleged to be an incom
petent. Mrs. Wright is suffering from
religious hallucinations and is said to
have become violent aboul the time of
the Seventh Day Adventists 1 camp mee 1 -
Ing She has been insisting that sh<
sessed power t<> restore sight to the blind
and has been insistent in wanting to try
her cure on a blind man. She Is already
In the asylum and the petition relates to
the care of her property.
Honolulu Sewerage Contracts.
HONOLULU, June 13.— Contracts for
the Honolulu sewerage construction have
hern awarded thus: Wilson & White
house, a local firm, for the outfall works.
at $2H,oO0; Vincent & Belcher for the city
part, at $67,92!} 50.
EVERY NUMBER HAS ITS MEANING:
<•- 3--^W^£"" . O
(^ 3 *§*•-• ;iy *~
WeL 4-jgi
/\ yf
This is of interest to all women who are
anaemic, in other words, to women who are
| pale, thin, nervous and sickly. Anaemia Is
paleness, and is usually associated with those
irregularities and weaknesses to which women
! alone are subject.
Anaemic people have not enough blood and
I what blood they have is thin and watery
, Note the symptoms— Headache, dull or throb-
bing (Fig. 1). hollow eyes and dark circles un-
der eyes (Fig. 2), hollow cheeks (Fig. 3) flut-
! tering of heart (Fig. 4). impaired digestion
, (Fig. o), weakness of limbs (Fig. 6). Other
symptoms are dizzy spells, nervousness sleep-
lessness, costlveness, loss of appetite, lack of
: energy and general weakness.
1 -♦ — + HUDYAN is a posi-
tive and permanent
cure for Anaemia, Fe-
u/nvicM male Weakness and
wum tIN tnf , m any compiica-
.-,„._ ■ tions. Nervousness at
ADVISED once yields to Hudyan.
Hudyan makes rich,
FREE. red blood, and this in ■
turn provides strength
Call or Write and nourishment for
. . ..- . the entire system;
HI 1 iVAN Btrength-
h ■ . ens the delicate female
~ * organism. In order that
all • physiological processes may take place .
without pain. Hudyan relieves pain during-
] menses. Hudyan corrects irregular menstru-
! ation. Hudyan is the greatest earthly boon to
i women who are run down, sickly, weak, pale.
j nervous and debilitated, us a result of those
i disorders peculiar to their -ex. because Hudyan
is a positive cure. .Hudyan increases the ap- ,
! petite, It tones the entir' system. % W
HUDYAN Is for sale by druggists, 50c a pack-
age or six packages for i- ."A
If your druggist does not keep Hudyan, send
direct to the HUDYAN REMEDY CO., cor.
Stockton, Ellis and Market sts., San Francisco,
! Cal. ■
YOU MAY CONSULT THE HUDYAN DOC-
I TORS ABOUT YOUR CASE FREE OF
CHARGE. CALL OR WRITE... .REJECTS TENETS
OF CHRISTIANITY
Changed Belief of Burt
Estes Howard.
RELIGIOUS WO^'LD STARTLED
LOS ANGELES PASTOR ADOPTS
NEW CREED.
Renounces the Theory That the Bible
Was Inspired and Doubts the
Resurrection of the
Christ.
J?l«>cial Piyr'atrh to Th» Call.
■s ANGELES, June 20. Rev. Hurt
Howard, who came to Los Angeles
f< yen y. ars ago, ; i f ; < • r a brilliant and
■ ssfu] career In the pulpit of the
First Presbyterian Church In Cleveland,
resigned the pastorate of the First
I resbyterian Church of tins city last
It has been no secret that Rev.
Mr. Howard's faith h;is gradually been
rgoing a change, bui when to-day he
ted th< theorj of the inspiration of
th^ Scripi ligious circles were
shaken from c< nter to circumference.
While Rev. Mr. Howard was always
permitted to express his sentiments witli
■ pril of last
\.-nr caused a schism In the church, im
pelling :'■•<* members to follow him into a
Churcl ■ ■ • mint. Mr. Howard
will leave for the Ivist to-morrow. Sa4d
• ■
"Do i helievi in the inspiration of the
■ ■ • . iof Jesus and in
. iity of Mar;. ? No, I < annoi say
■ |do My ideas have changed reßard
arly all • ■ erall>; accepted
.. is havi not
ly, but in the Plow course
. n years. Simple faith
■ - has given way to an ir
in what is called higher
■ism in relipious thought, i b<
: was born of woman, lik-' the
: us.
•But I regard these matters as non-es
sential! The necessity of believing them
is not apparent to me. I know there arfl
many honest preachers who think they l>e
lieve these dogmas:
'•The Old Testament is largely an his
torical work There can he no question as ,
to the Bihle's power for elevating and up
lifting humanity. But one does not have
necessarily to believe In the miracles to
feel and profit by this power. My whole
aim in preaching has been to stimulate rr.y
people to the truest practical life. The
pood life is not necessarily the religious
"My sentiment as to theology has
rhanked and it seems to me thai the time |
has come for me to take up some wider j
line of work. A man in a sectarian pulpit
Is always more or :ess circumscribed by |
the limitations of lis creed. No matter j
what pulpit— radical or liberal— o< i v- >
pies the simple fact that he is a minister '
renders it impossible for him to speak '
with the authority m public quest
that is conceded professional and public
men in her walks of life." ;..." ■:.:
"Can you state. Mr. Howard, in what
particular respects .-our theological ideas
have chanced?" he was asked.
"Oh. the list would he too long,' said
ho. "Nearly all my Ideas regarding re
ligious tenets have changed. It is the
life that counts, not the belief one holds."
Mr Howard will go to Buffalo, where,
during the session of the National Social
and Political convention, June 28 to July
4 he will discuss the question "Do We
Need a XfW Party?" From Buffalo Mr. j
Howard will go to Boston and Cam
bridge Mass In the university town he j
will spend th" coming collegiate year in |
the study of civics. In September, 1000. j
he will begin a professorship at Stanf >rd :
University; where he will lecture on "'I rte I
Principles and Practices of Democracy"
and ''Ethical Problems of the Conscien
tious Voter." No other university in the
world, so far as known, has anything sim
ilar to the chair that Mr. Howard will
occupy. ___^ —
SOUTHERN PACIFIC WILL
NOT HONOR TICKETS
There Is a Prospect of Trouble Over
Rates for the National Edu
cational Convention.
CHICAGO. June 2<>.— The Southern Pa-;
clfic has notified its Western connections
■ since they have not accepted its
.•- • •. - for the National Educa
ttonal A ' nvention at T.*>s An
that road will not hon'.r-
■ occasion. The notice
. . signed by the Santa Fe and Union
Some of the Chicago lines look
upon it as a bluff by the Southern Pacific
will sell tickets for!
c just the same.
Vlthough tickets for the convention will
. ■ w■ k. the Western linos
a unanimous agree-
On business going and ;
■■ • th( direct route there is no \
th< fight being over such travel,
turn by waj of Portland. On,
g ■ i Lclfic demands JS more!
than from the Santa Fe. ;
. -. fuse to accept such i
ition. ,
With the exception of the Santa Fe. ,
of •'■ Chicago lines has formally;
■ n Pacific tariff, and
this lack of action is taken by the Call
road? as meaning that these lines;
I wish to participate In the rates in
ouestion ai all. On this assumption the
•"-rid^ announce that they will not
honor the tickets of th< other lines.
FIRE RAGED AROUND
POWDER MAGAZINES
rhe Smaller One at Fort Pickens
Explodes and Kills One Man
and Injures Four.
PENSACOLA. Fla.. June 20.—
mailer powder magazine at Fort Pickens,
-.1, Santa Rosa Island, blew up at 5:45
'clock this morning. The explosion
recked the western corner of the old
r ort. demolishing the new brick, store
ir.use. the brick bakehouse, the orderly
sergeant** residence and several wooden
.nil-lings used for quarters for the labor
r« who had been working on the new for
ifications Flying fragments hit Private
iVells of Battery H. who was on duty at
he wharf, and almost instantly killed
lim. Four other men were badly injured,
jne having a le.g and an arm broken.
A fire broke out among the buildings at
he fort and reached the magazine before
t could be checked, causing the explosion,
rhe fire raged all this afternoon, and the
arger magazine. in which was stored a.
Treat quantity of dynamite and other
heavy explosives was in danger, it and
he forts being saved through, the brave
ivork of Captain Niemann and a detach
ment of marines who had been sent over
'rom the i,. -ivy-yard by Captain Resinger.
rhey at great personal risk, fought the
Ire "and finally extinguished it this after
loon. Buildings In Pensacola were shaken
iv the force of the oxnlnsion.
PLAYS FOR CHARITY.
Blanche Bates Aids New Richmond
Cyclone Sufferers.
MILWAUKEE. Wis.. June 20.— A fa-=h
lonable audience assembled at Davidson
Theater this afternoon to see Blanche
Bates; as Nora In "A Doll's H'>us«V sup
ported by the frawley stock company.
The performance was for the benefit of
the New Richmond cyclone sufferers and
will net between $400 and J.vn for that
worthy purpose.
STEEL WORKS IN MEXICO.
Compan/ Organized to Operate a
Mammoth Plant.
M<">NTT:RKY. Mexico, June .<"'. A com
pany has been <rrganize<l here with a
capita] of $10,000,000 in gold to construct
and operate mammoth stee] works. The
principal stockholders are Mexican capi
talists, the heirs of the late banker,
]\-itr!<"jo Millmo. subscribing BI.OOO.tKiO to
the enterprise There is an abundance of
iron ore near here and coal and coke are
near at hand. ,
RETIREMENT OF
ALGER SCHEDULED
May Be Succeeded as Secretary
of War by General Horace
Porter.
NEW YORK. June 20.— A Washington special to the Journal says:
Three movements of importance are scheduled to follow the return of
President McKinley, if the present plans do not miscarry. They are:
1. The retirement of Secretary of War Alger fr<»m the Cabinet. This
is conditional upon his having effected a combination with Governor
Plngree of Michigan which will Rive him a fighting' show to come to the
United States Senate as a successor to Senator McMillan.
2. The appointment of General Horace Porter, the present Embassa
dof to France, to succeed Secretary Alger.
.". The appointment of Whitelaw Reid to the post of Emhaesador to
France.
MANY DRAWBACKS
TO AGRICULTURE
Difficulty of Farming in
the Philippines.
— ■• —
CONDITIONS SEEM HOPELESS
SAD PICTURE OF TERRITORY
UNCLE SAM COVETS.
Lieutenant Hayne of the California
Heavy Artillei-y Sends a Re
markable Report to Agri
cultural Department.
Ppp'-inl Dispatch to Th» Call.
WASHINGTON, June 20. The Agricul
tural Department has received an inter
esting report from Lieutenant A. i.
Hayne, California Heavy Artillery, on ag
ricultun In the Philippines, dated Manila,
Lieutenant Hayne had been able to make
no personal observation beyond the Amer
ican lines, but he transmits the transla
tion of an article prepared for him by
Senor Manuel del Busto. chief of the ;.sri
cultural experiment station in Manila.
The most remarkable feature of the re
port is the almost hopeless picture paint
ed of the conditions prevailing in the
islands. The great fertility of the soil is
pointed out, and it is said that In only a
few restricted areas, where three crops
ear have been grathered without in
terruption for several centuries, is there
any apparent need of fertilizers. In spite
nf*this all attempts at colonization have
failed, either through the poor class of
immigrants Becured, the financial insta
bility of the various companies and the
corruption or oppression "f the Governors
and Government's agents. The result is
that the middle and lower classes In tae
Islands are almost of the worst possible
In addition to this primary difficulty in
securing reliable labor, the agriculturist is
confronted at the start with the necessity
fur an Immense amount of work in clear
ing new land. When this is accomplished
and a luxuriant crop raised it is at il-.e.
mercy of the first typhoon.
Besides the typhoon, there Is to be rear
ed In certain provinces the "dagudo" or
dry land wind, whicn dries up and de
stroys vegetati m. Diseases bo far hardly
known to European doctors result from
the turning up of this virgin soil. Accord
ing to competent medical authorities
many of these strand diseases rausp
death within a few hours, while from
others even if the paiient recovers, he is
,: 1 to a wretched and lingering
experience.
\nother of the great difficulties in the
way of development is the utter lack of
roads and shipping points.
The native Filipino is unable to do any
large amount of work, and -ares to do
less He is indolent anil Riven to gamb
ling! All these vices have to be taken
into account in any undertaking whore
labor Is employed.
' The lack of credit Is another serious
handicap to enterprise. The minimum
cost of m'.ney in the Philippines, regard
| ess f security. Is 12 per cent. At present
the Philippines are cursed by a well or
ganized body of the worst sort of
\i surist s
■llv price of nearly all <- r ops Is steadily
falling, as the production retrogrades in
quality and quantity.
Lieutenant Hayne in transmitting this
document states' that he would Strongly
recommend special quarantine measures
against Philippine plant?, as there exist
an immense number of vptv injurious
parasites in the Island, and many private
parties are already preparing to import
botanical specimens.
NEGRO ASSAILANT
LYNCHED BY A MOB
Taken From Jail After Arrest and
Given Short Shrift by
His Captors.
MOBIT.E. Ala.. June 20.— Daniel Patrick.
the negro who is accused of assaulting
Miss Bessie Ireland in her home out^i le
of Scranton, Miss., on Monday, was cap
tured to-day. He was taken to jail, where
he confessed the crime. At 1 o clock this
mornlrg a mob assaulted the Jail at
Scranton and half an hour later the net/rj
was taken out and lynched.
SUPREME OFFICERS CHOSEN.
Election of the Commandery J. O.
TJ. A. M.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn.. June 2<l.— The
Supreme Commandery of the junior Or
der <>f United American Mechanics in
annual Bession here fhis evening elected
officers as follows: S'ipreme commander.
M. H. Eddy. Colorado; supreme vice com
mander, Charles L. Voris. Ken
tucky ; supreme prelate. George W.
Beeler, Kentucky; supreme recorder. ( '.
I>. Hauptfeuerer, Ohio; *suprenie treas
urer, <'har!es H. Temple, Pennsylvania:
supreme protector, 1. A. Lantz. Ohio; mi
prpirip marshal. < '. J. Stoneburner. Colo
rado; Bupreme junior' councilor, C. E,
Tlndler, <»hin: Bupr"»me warden. George F.
Lounsbury, Colorado.
KLOND MR`S FATAL FALL.
Antone Henneken o California Loses
His Life at Seattle.
SKATTI,E. June 20. -Antone Henneken.
j a mining man, 4K years of age. accident
ally fell from a building this evening and
; was Instantly killed. Three months ago
j he came from th^ Klondike, mid he had
;a good claim on Sulphur Greek. Henne
i ken lived in Shasta County, Cal., for ten
! years. He had a sister In Nevada city.
' Cal., and a brother. Casper, in Monterey.
I he was interested with Thomas AlcDon
i aid in the Deadwood Reduction Works m
I Trinity County. Cal.
Oil for Locomotive Fuel.
FRESNO, June 20.— Owing to the large
production of oil in this county, the Val
ley road has lately been experimenting
wilh crude petroleum for fuel. Last
Saturday the entire run from Stockton to
H'tnford" was made with oil as fuel i - n
■tead of coal. The train was exactly on
time and the experiment was entirely
satisfactory. If oil is found to be as
eh( H> as wood or coal for use in loco
motives, it is snM the Valley road will
j.ermanently adopt it.
When Henderson Is Speaker.
CHICAGO. June 20. -The Record to
morrow will pay: When Congressman D.
B. Henderson of lowa Mas been selected
Speaker of the House of Representatives
or the Fifty-sixth Congress he will in the
m.iin reorganize the committees without
changes in personnel. The chairmanship
of the Committee on Rules, which Con
gressman Henderson himself has held, Is
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 21, 1899.
Lan exception. When the lowa statesman
is elevated to the chnir this chairmanship
I will k<) to Congressman J. W. Babcock of
: Wisconsin. This hap been agreed upon
■ after conference between Colonel Hender-
I son and Congressman Babcock and other
leaders.
♦
GRAND ARMY VETERANS
MEET AT MONTREAL
First Encampment Ever Held Outside
the Jurisdiction of the
United States.
MONTREAL, June 20.— The first en
campment ever held by the Grand Army
of the Republic outside of the jurisdiction
of the Vnited States opened in Montreal
this mornine. when the local post ten
dered its comrades of the Department of
Vermont an informal reception. It is
estimated that 1500 veterans will be in at
tendance to-morrow. Amonp the dis
tinguished visitors will be Commander in
Chief Johnson of < .ncinnati, Ohio; Gov
ernor Smith of Vermont: Senator Proc
tnr. represent ing; President McKinley;
Kitridge of Vermont. Speaker of the
House df Representatives of Vermont:
Commander Harris of Vermont, and Mrs.
Amanda T. Nowcomh of Montnelier.
president of the Woman's Relief f'orps.
Commanders Johnson and Harris and
Governor Smith will be accompanied by
their staffs, as will also Mrs. Newcomb.
The repular encampment meetings of
the Grand Army of the Republic and the
Woman's Relief Corps will be held to
morrow and at a campfire in the evening
Mayor Prefontaine will deliver the ad
dress of welcome. Kxercises will close
with a narade on Thursday.
ADMITS HIS IDENTITY.
John Thompson Proves to Be an Old-
Time Counterfeiter.
SANTA BARRARA. June 20.— Pepu'v
Sheriffs arrived this evening with John'
Thompson, alias Charles Raymond, :ir
rested for passing counterfeit money.
Thompson admits his identity. He served
three terms in the penitentiary for coun
terfeiting.
Ormandy. his partner, arrested near San
Luis Obispo, is held there to await the
arrival of a United States Marshal from
Los Angeles. Thompson confessed to
Sheriff Stewart that he passed < L "'interfe:t
money and that Ormandy manufactured
the sniff in a cottage they rented in the
country near I*i*mo. He agreed to ac
company the deputies and poirt out the
hiding place. A complete set of counter
feiting tools, including ten plaster of
Paris stamps and crucibles, were found
buried in the field: also an assortment
of dimes, Srt-rent pieces and dollars anl
$5 gold pieces, in nil $240.
LUCK OF CUBAN FISHERMEN
Find a Sack of Coin on a Beached
Spanish Cruiser.
SANTIAGO, Cuba, June 2<l.— A number
of Cuban fishermen, working on the
wreck of the Spanish cruiser Almirante
Oquendo stripping the hulk of brass and
copper tit tings, found $3(WI in specie and
$»Wt in Spanish currency. The paper
money is badly damaged by the action
of the water and has little value, except
as a curiosity. The specie, consisting of
$1200 in gold and $ISOO in silver, was
found in a bag on the deck of the vessel.
Evidently some officer was compelled to
drop it where it was found while he was
attempting to carry it ashore after the
warship was beached.
Jumps Into a Well.
NEWCASTLE, June ».— Mrs. M. Moetz,
formerly a resident of Sacramento, a
nurse for the children of J. M. Harlow,
made a successful attempt at suicide this
evening by leaping into a forty-foot well
on the Julian ranch. She had been act
ing in a suspicious maner for some time
past and it is supposed she was tem
porarily insane. Mrs. Baetz was a widow
about ?fl years of age and had a child In
one of the orphan asylums.
Carries Sugar to Delaware.
HONOLULU, June IX— The steel ship
Erskine M. Phclps sailed for Delaware
breakwater on Saturday with between
4000 and 5000 tons of sugar, Captain Gra
ham succeeded in shipping a crew of real
sailors f< >r the voyage, most of the hands
lie brought here having left the ship. Mrs.
Graham and young daughter, who are on
board, depart in good health after their
long stay in Honolulu.
Gets a Parker Fellowship.
BOSTON, June 20.— A Parker fellowship
at Harvard, with an income of $700, was
to-day awarded to Frank Watts Bancroft,
s. 8., of California, University of <"ali
fomla, 1^94; R. M. (ibid), 1896; A. M.
(Harvard), 1897. He Is a third-year gradu
ate student, having been a Morgan fellow
in 1897-98 and a I'arker fellow in Berlin in
1898-99. He has been reappointed to con
tinue the study of zoology at Harvard.
Grain lire Near Buckeye.
WOODLAND, June 20.— A special to the
Democrat from Winters says a grainfield
fire occurred on the farm of Benjamin
Ely] near Buckeye, between 5 and 6
o'clock Monday evening. Ten acres of
barley, which was turning off twenty
packs to the acre, was destroyed. The.
fire was due to the friction of a new com
bined harvester.
- ♦
Orleans' Narrow Escape.
LONDON. June 20.— The Due dOrleana
narrowly escaped serioiw injury this af
ternoon. On arriving at Waterloo station
in an electrical brougham, in consequence
of th-e jam of traffic the Duke was thrown !
violently against a brick wall. The front j
wheels and panels of the motor car were
demolished. The occupants escaped, but
not without a bad shaking: up.
Veterans Hold a Picnic.
PETALUMA, June 2ft.— Five hundred
people assembled at. Camp Dill this morn-
Ing. There were addresses by Mrs. S. P.
Brainerd, Judge Buckles. Judge Craw
ford and Rev, Mr. Hays. An old-fashioned
picnic was held under the shade <if the
trees. In the afternoon a musical and
literary programme was rendered.
Selecting a Principal.
WOODLAND, June 20.— At a meeting of
the city Board of Education held Monday
night a large number of applications for
the position of principal of the High
School were considered. The election can
not bo confirmed until July, but the board
'ins to be unanimously in favor of en
gaging Professor P. A. Swanger of Salt
Lake. ?>S
Drinks Carbolic Acid.
SANTA BARBARA. June 20.— Rafela
O'Brien, a woman of questionable char
acter. attempted suicide this afternoon by
drinkiJiK carbolic acid. She had a quarrel
with a male companion, who left her in
a fit of temper. On his return an hour
inter he found, her on the floor suffering
great agony. Her life is despaired of.
Troops Fire Upon a Mob.
BT'^HARKST. Roumania. June 20.— 1n
a conflict to-day between pea-sants and
police, arising out of election riots at
Slatina. on the Aloota River, about 100
miles west of this city, the troops were
called out nnd fired upon the mob, several
persons being killed and mam- others
wounded. *
KILLED BECAUSE
OF A CONFESSION
William Tackett Slam by
Outlaws.
CRIME OF A KANSAS BAND
VICTIM HA.» TURNED STATE'S
E*. IDENCE.
"Death to Traitors" the Warning
Contained in a Note Left
On the Body of the Mur
dered Man.
Sr»vMal I>lf=patrh to Thp Call.
WICHITA. Kans. June 20.— Because he
! threatened to betray secrets of vital in-
I terest, William Tackett was assassinated
! by members of the Algood outlaw gang
i some time last week. His body was found
I last night in a strawstack rive miles south
'of this town. Tackett had seven gunshot
wounds in his back. A note, signed "Al- j
good Gang," -was found in Tacketfs |
pocket. It read:
"Beware of any one who wants to con
fess. Death to Traitors."
The confession of Tackett. which he had
already sent to Sheriff .Simons, says in
; part: ,• «
"For the clemency you have offered me
; I will say I know' who are the real mur
i derers of Joe New in Greenwood County
|In 1597. They were Frank Algood, Al
I Ballard and Bill Turner. ' Mrs. New and
i Joe Dobbs, who were convicted of the j
I murder, are innocent."
Al Ballard who was mentioned, has al- I
i ready confessed and is in the penitentiary.
i Frank Algood is also behind prison bars.
; Turner was seen with Tackett last Mon
! day near the place where the latter's
body was found. The note found on Tack
-1 ett has been identified as being in Turn
er's handwriting. ■;.■'•■■'
A peculiar feature in connection with the
i assassination of Tackett is that he was
aided to escape from prison by the Algood
prang in order that they might carry out
their plans. Tackett escaped from the
i County Jail in January. While he was in
! Jail he gave out word that he intended to
'■ confess. The Algood gang heard of it. and
in a few days Tackett received aid from
outsiders, who helped him escape. Since
: then he has been in hiding, but recently
, he sent word to the authorities that he
desired to tell about Joe New's real mur
-1 derers. They offered him clemency, and
i he sent his confession ahead by courier.
i While riding to town he was met rind
! murdered by Turner. The courier came
on and delivered the message.
Imported Negroes Shot.
EVANSVILLE, Ind.. June 21.— Early
this morninp: non-union colored miners
were hroupht into the city to take the
strikers' places, when they were fired
upon by unknown pa.-ties. Six men were
shot, three probably fatally. One of the
latter was James Moore, an operator.
Woodland Guests Depart.
WOODLAND. June 20.— Mayor and Mrs.
Ab Dlnplt of Moberty, Mo., who have
lu»f>n spending several w^eks with rein
tivr-s in this oity. left for San Francisco
this afternoon. They will sp> nd several
days in that place and Ix>s Angreles before
leaving f<ir home.
Guilty of Embezzlement.
SALINAS, June 20.— A. P. Trquidez of
Castrovllle was yesterday found guilty in
the Superior Court of embezzlement. T'r
f|uldf>z misappropriated funds of the
Ijoma Prieta Lumber Company.
Company A's Officers.
STOCKTON. June 20.— The election of
officers In Company A of the National
Guard to-nipht resulted in the selection
of J. P. Parnau, captain; R. D. Wnolam,
first lieutenant, and Arthur Doll, second
lieutenant.
Ukiah Votes for Bonds.
T'KIAH, June 20.— At the election held
to-day for the bonding of the city for
the erection and maintenance of a mu
nicipal electric lighting system the propo
sition was carried by a vote of 319 to 60.
Officer Parmelee Exonerated.
MARYSVLLL.E, June. 20.— The charges
preferred against Police Officer Parmelee
were Investigated by the City Council
last night and dismissed.
Walters' Trial Postponed.
: BUISUN, June 20.— Judge Buckles has
postponed the Jesse Walters trial to
Tuesday, September ?(..
Mail Boxes.
There has been considerable talk of put
ting mall boxes on the street cars in Chi
cago, and the Postoffice Department is
now investigating the workings of this
system in tho few cities where it has been
1 tried. Colonel Edens, who is Superln
! tondent of the Western Free Delivery
■ Service, Is now looking into the matttor.
The system has been in operation for
some time in Dos Moines. lowa, and is
said to be quite, popular there. It was
inaugurated by the Postmaster of that
place, hf having been formerly a railroad
man. whence he derived the Idea. The
1 belt line cars connecting Minneapolis and
St. Paul also carry mail boxes. The ad
vantage of the system is obvious. As
soon as a letter is dropped in the box it
starts on its way. There is no waiting
for collection. In contemplating the. ex
tension of. the service, however, the de
: partment is confronted with a consid
erable prejudice among the street railroad
; employes and the labor unions against
making every street car a Government
mall conveyance. Vlterior motives are
1 always suspected. The workmen see an
1 effort to use the Government to prevent
j a tie up of the road In case of a strike.
And it may bo mentioned incidentally
that in the case of the strike at Mlnne
apolis and St. Paul the belt line carry
i ing the boxes was the only one which con
tinued to run. The companies, however,
do not seem to regard the boxes as an un
mixed benefit, for. while they were at
first willing in most cases to carry them
for nothing, they now demand cotnpensa
i tion. -Chicago Jnurnah
Crime in Germany.
The latest quarterly report of the Ger
man Imperial Statistical Department con
tains most important information which
throws an unpleasant light on the fre
quency of crime within the empire.
Details are given of the number of con
victions in each year since 18S2. when the
present system of registration, began. In
1882 the number of convicted persons was
329,899, or 1040 convictions for every 100,
--000 of the population. Since then the
number and proportion have steadily in
creased until the latest figures are 447.
--975 convictions, equal to 1220 per 100,000.
Crimes and offenses against the person
show a striking increase.
On the other hand, the number of con
victions for crimes against property,
theft, concealing stolen property, etc.,
have largely diminished.— London Chroni
cle.
Up On the Statutes.
Cincinnati people love to tell this story
on General Benjamin F. Butler: ire was
one of a commission to examine young
applicants for admission to the bar, anil
before- him came a youth who failed mis
erably on all that pertained to jurispru
dence case law. civil law, sumptuary law.
unwritten law and due process of law.
Finally Butler, who rather liked the chap,
and wanted to see him through, asked:
"What would you like to be examined in?
You have failed in everything we have
suggested." The reply came: "Try me
on the statutes: I'm up on them." Rutkr
Fhook his head solemnly. "My young
friend," he said. "I'm afraid you won't do.
You may be ever so familiar with the
statutes, but what is to prevent a fool
Legislature from repealing all you know?"
— New York Press.
Nothing to lean Against.
The bill to give well digger? a lien on
the well for the services performed should
authorize the lien holders to remove the
property if not paid for, and might also
be made broad enough to include post
holes.— Omaha Bee.
The Duchess of Fife is an excellent
encer.
THjS EMPORIUM.
♦ £P(o transaction complete until customer is satisfied.
* soap, containing w uoldeniCule Razaar. "^ box of excellent
j buttermilk .and California Largest—^America' s Grandest Store, writing paper con-
{ lemon juice, that -j* taining 24 g ' heetg
I recommended to /////' , , . and 25 envelopes,
& remove and pre- {/ /S// / / in rose, heliotrope,
I vent freckles; l - r Vs/sfSs / 7JK>(yL/i M^/C/L*— a
* '--■-.• /y *&^ I yCSi/lS' CA*<S Lrisis\>TS£*~- cream, azure and
♦ ularly 5c cake; to- [/ >o /*// . vi  +
ill i .7c S&sA&C^o£ /(f<Z<L(L<£ fine; the box for v
♦ day box of 3 cakes / // 1// A * e _  , *
» r •* S?\ I /?jf* sf S7 S jrl/ZSW^f fine; the box for. .
X JFO
I One-third off Parasols Groceries Liquors.
♦ To-day (Wednesday) only, in the height of the Sixteen great Special Offerings this week
* Parasol season, choice of our entire stock of Col- j £mporium Family Flour- sack 77c
+ OfGtt SSIK Coaching . Try it for bread or pastry, and we will refund the price
*' and Carriage Para— /TJlftp^S^Vv paid for the sack if it is not satisfactory. ; . •'■ ■
♦ sols at 33.V per cent less : Wlßlsi^fc'' Fancy Japan Rice ll lbs for 500
♦ than marked prices— striped, ''-fcSiis&m .ola regularly 6c lb.
* figured, checked or plaid. '"W^vmfflk Pyramid Soap Powder— CniaWs
ngurea, cnecKea or piam. •• two 4 -lb packages for 250
» 7"c Parasols sOc This rice while supply lasts — package sells regularly at
& $1 50 Parasols $? m Jj^TnVi l(f\l VlillV 20c, and contains one pound more than a package of
£ $1 75 Parasoh $I**7 \i? /*vW. ust — guaranteed to nlease or money refunded
* $2.25 Parasols $1.50 %^|^Hf/* " Vulcan Parlor Matches— Package C, gross 4- 5C
& $2.75 Paiasols $I*B3 _ . fjr-^_p\V'r Imported Matches — regularly 7c package; 75' gross. !
♦ $3.00 Parasols 22"«? N^3f&i' ' '"'* Unwrapned Laundry Soap -Mb bars.... .18 for 50<3
I Its Parasols::::::::::::::."!! 100 sma " white or pm Beans w ibs for 250
Ass 00 Parasols $3*33 Western Sugar C?O/»ff— tne best quality — for th ; s sale...
£. "_IIZ : ♦> 7 cans for sOc
* g^ --42^ TAIAeAAnAC ' English Breakfast Tea— our 60c quality at 47c
*" 1/dlli^dS mGSIC&GOfIeSm I Fancy Shredded COCOanut— in bulk, a* good ps nacVp
% _^-<r-«>-^ A -, - gcods 2 [bs for 25c
♦ ,rjr^^S§K^>h • \ §°??'i StrOng ' copper- Proctor & Gamble's 14 . Adamantine Candles
♦ riveted Telescope; made of dozen ;. f & G
i I ITmI Vlf J eXtra heavy binders board i Cooper's Oil-^r S e bottles 750
* xJ3 11—^*"^ — and covere( i with heavy j New German Lentils— the best quality— this week.
\ £ waterproof canvas; stitched j 1b... 7c
♦ leather handles; leather-bound corners and 3 extra Lunch Lobsters— l-lb tins 18c
long stout straps; a very desirable article for vaca- ! Golden Rule Coffee— re lariv 80s, for 250
* tion, camping and outing purposes, in two popular Special Sauterne Table Wine — gallon 650
* sizes* We believe the best ever sold in th-* city for $1.00.
I 22-inch. 24-inch. Harper Rye or Bourbon „ — »
♦ Regular prices $LOO $1.15 Regularly $1 bottle or $4.50 gallon-everybody that uses
* Prices to-day only 72C 82c whiskey likes it. We recommend it.
» Special IVednesdav Only . Special IVednesdav Only. Summer 9o:) vard3 Novelty
! ™»«' , - One-third o^-^l{ Wash %%% S^ZZ
! J SetS, /— "~7 Off— FanS, and Empire Fans. FahfgCS ■ ' new " lc , h .- col( \ r -
138C. gh Afol newandd r irab.e styles a good assort- sssssass
i Sterling Silver /Wf 7 (J / ment of colors, mcludmg black and cream: dies \ n gTand y^ e
«> Waist Sits, six / V ; '•/ Ostrich Feather Fans, at >- 3 off regular 12 ,^ yard, and odd lot ? of Home'
* styles. 925-1000 / ZjM^ / I P"'"*' ranging irom. —•";" soun and Printed Covert
* fine, dumb bell / / | : each $'• 50 to $8.5J Suitings the entire lines on sale ail
♦ links, with four / ,_. - Wv ' -, / Empire Fans, at % off repula *-;«>, \ this day, per yard 7vO
* large buttons— / <&> TO) / ranging from.... each 655 to $5.00 v
I » on sale to-day / n ~ rl ■[
*at 38 ° : " ■ ggp Boys 9
* Cut Prices /or To-D.tv Only. v? Overalls
* ««kiMKM.M. i Camera Here are a few stand- cs«/ «*i c .
* . Special Sale Wednesday Only. camera specsa]5 _ article 3 S^m 19C.
ft, Q<9HlM|i|/ 5 dozen Duck Scarfs, j UG§t «* that photographers IN V*aA\
♦ i™JP 16x50 inches; 4 dozen need every day— at specially reduced | i\ 4 /J ay 7We
♦ GOOOSm Tay Cloths of Hem- prices for the Wednesday selling: -//\ /4 °" 50 d°z c n
! J stitched Jaconet. 18x27 inch 3 dozjn 25c Eureka Toning Solution for 18g / > Boys' . Stout D^nim
» Squares of H. S. Jaconet. 18x18 inches; j 30c Velox Developer for 2Oc ( \W Overall* with bbs ■
I all stampe^ in the newest of conven- 30c Eiko-Cum Hydro Deve'oper 22c 1 /Z ■\P n.' .' '
. » t : onal and floral designs; regularly 15c i 25c Drveloping Powders (Smith's )..lBc ' / /X, \\ * 1 ' Z4 or 2b lnch
I* each— to-div Oc 20c Duranoid Trays, 4x5 inches 15c 1/ 7|\ waists; strong,
♦ 5 dozen Knottel Frirga Momie Linen 20c Printing Frames, from 2^x2'^ to / I S}\ 11 sightly, well-fitting
♦ Scarfs. 16x50 and 16x70 inches; and 10 4x5, for ■ 15c 7 /~*\ >L^ earments • Wednes-
» dozen Jaconet Silk hemmed and plain 75c Dark-Room Lanterns 4&O / / _^JL^rC j . ' .
i hemstitched Squares: regularly 35c each 703 per hundred Card Mounts, 3 ~x3>, Lsr*E=^&l\j_ day special price....
A —to-day - • ..22c inches, for 606 19?
DRUIDS SHOWN TO
HAVE PROSPERED
Gratifying Reports of
Officers.
WORK OF THE GRAND GROVE
DEGREES CONFERRED ON THIR
TY-FIVE MEMBERS.
Interest Centers in the Election, and
the Friends of Candidates
Are Busy Fixing
Fences.
Special Dippatch to The Call.
PI,ACKRVII,I.E. Juno 20.— The thirty
fifth animal session of the Grand Grove
of tho I'nitod Ancient Order of Druids
convened in tho Masonic Temple in this
city at 11 o'clock this morning. There
was a large attendance of delegates from
the subordinate groves throughout the
Btate. After tho reading and approval
of the minutes of the last Grand Grove,
Noble Grand Arch Frank Lewis addressed
the Grand Grove on the work hefore it.
"This reunion." said the noble grand
arch, "signifies that another year da to be
recorded in the history of our beloved
order, and we are assembled in thirty
fifth annual session in the pla^e Druidism
was first planted west of the Rocky
Mountains. 1 trust that the deliberations
of this Grand (Grove will prove successful
and n 'ir sojourn in Placerville a con
tinued round of pleasure. One year ago
you conferred upon me the highest honor
within your gift, hy placing in my hand
the gavel of the Grand Grove. I have
endeavored to show by my actions that
I fully appreciated the marked honor and
to Rive you no cause for regret."
After the formal opening the reports of
officers were read. They showed a
healthy condition of finance and mem
bership. The reports <f the grand officers
were referred to the committee on distri
bution. The report of Grand Secretary
John M. Graves showed there are now
seventy-one subordinate groves within
the jurisdiction of ihe Grand Grove of
California— sixty-nine in this State and
two in the State of Washington. There
has been an increase of lSt> members to
the order since the session of the last
Grand Grove. Twenty-six thousand me
hundred and thirty-three dollars have
been disbursed in sick benefits during the
past year.
Resolutions were introduced amending
article JI. section ?>. and article IV
of the constitution of the grand organiza
tion The proposed amendments have
been made the special order for to-mor
row's session.
The Grand Grove and Past Arch de
grees were conferred upon thirty-five
members.
The report of the committee on legisla
tion recommending that the workings of
the 'subordinate groves be changed from
the first to the third degree, provoked an
interesting._and animated discussion, par
ticipated in by Past Noble Grand Arch
Cavagnaro. James A. Devoto and H. G.
Goller in favor of the recommendation
and L. G. Schard and J. Michell against
the innovation. The recommendation was
adopted. m 'm~*
Charters were ordered issued to four new
groves. The Grand Grove adjourned at 5
o'clock p. m. to 10 a. m. to-morrow.
To-nlgnt an open-air concert was given
on the plaza and the visitors were enter
tained by members of the local groves.
THE EMPORIUM.
To-morrow after the session of the Grand
Grove the visitors will be shown somg of
the principal mines near the' city. To
morrow night they will be entertained at
a ball at the opera house and a banquet at
Confidence pavilion.
The chief interest of the session centers
in the election. The principal contest ap
pears to be over the deputy grand arch
ship. There are a number of candidates,
the most prominent of whom are Dr.
O'Donnell. J. Hagan. H. Lang. L. G.
Schard and Jules S. Oodeau. Each has
a considerable following and the outcome
is looked forward to with interest.
BLUE ROSES AT LAST
But What Is the Good of Them, Asks
an .Unimpressionable Editor.
If we may trust tho story forwarded by
our Vienna correspondent to-day, a rtow
er in the charming valley of Kezanllk ha*
I attained the summit >f floricultural ambi
j tion. He has produced a blue rose. If. in
! the Middle Ages, some one had announced
his veritable discovery of the phil
osopher's stone, history would furnish us
with a parallel to the flutter which the
news of this marvel is likely to send
through the botanical world. At lust the
feat which generations of nurserymen
have been patiently laboring at has been
performed. If the rose has been forced to
adopt an azure tint, hardly anything in
the way of transformation need be con
sidered unattainable. It is predicted that
, the novel bloom will soon be abundant in
: the market. And then? Well. then, we
! suppose, we shall have erased to wonder;
shall take cerulean petals as a common-
I place thing, and. perhaps, if we are wise
and frank, confess that we very much
prefer the old-fashioned red or white or
yellow. Cultivation, beyond all contro
versy, has added immensely to the wealth
jof our gardens and greenhouses. Species
j that are poor and limited in range have
I been developed into an infinite variety of
exquisite or imposing forms. No one.
however obstinately he may be devoted
to simplicity and primitlveness, will ven
ture to deny the debt he owes, not only
to the collector, but to the grower of or
chids. So we may go through the ever
lengthening list of beautiful plants, and at
| each stage reflect how much sincere de
j light we should miss if the experts had
I been less keen about cross-fertilization,
I change of soil and water and all the other
devices by which th» parent stock has
been converted into a multitude of well
nigh unrecognizable descendants. But,
while it would be affectation to regret the
spirit of competition and the straining for
mere variation would have resulted in
such additions to our floral wealth, it
must be acknowledge .l also that pome of
the products of the experimental florist
have nothing to recommend them except
the extreme difficulty of bringing about
the change. Neither men nor nightin
gales will ever worship a blue rose, and.
once it become easy to multiply them,
they will be treated with as small respect
as a pink hyacinth. Still, a period of
fashionable triumph may be predicted for
the strange blossofVi, during which speci
mens will cause blocks in the moving
crowd to flo%ver shows, and be voted
"curious" and even "pretty" by amateurs.
Love of change is one of the fundamental
impulses of the average human being, and
it has played more than the customary
part in determining the mutations of
flower worship. Just now there is an ex
traordinary craze tor reducing arum
lilies to the dimensions of a crocus; but
when the limits of dwarfing are reached
there may be a reaction in favor of grow
ing the plant to the nize of a palm tree.
At each stage of metamorphosis there will
be admirers, and— what is more to the
purpose of the professionals— a fair num
ber of purchasers. Things run through
the whole gamut of change; but nature is
avenged at last, and the last wave of the
hybridiser's wand will restore the object
of his thaumaturgy to the simple original
form. A future generation may yet hail-
In some far-away offspring of the blue
rose — the dear familiar feature of the in
digenous brier.— London Standard.
They Were Poorly Raised.
In the train sat a iiueer old Quakeress.
She wore a silver gray dross, snowy collar
and such a swept gray hat. She was a
big. handsome woman and her large Ma
donna face beamed with benevolence and
love. A ruby or a diamond ornament
THL EMPOBIUM.
would have marred her beauty. Two
smart commercial travelers stepped into
the same carriage with the old lady.
After they hail discussed the sipirt and
tobacco trade a while, they looked,
around at the Quakeress. Then they
looked at each other, smiled, and one re
marked in an undertone: "Billy. I guess
the old lady is Inflated with Quaker
yeast. " \Vithotlt lifting her eyes, the old
lady remarked so low that the passengers
could not hear it: "It thy father and
mother had consumed more sweet Quaker
yeast and less bad beer and tobacco, thee
would have been better raised and better
bred." Then it was so still that you could
hear the engine pumning.
MISCHIEVOUS MONKEYS.
A Musical Party of Simians in Dan
Rice's Menagerie.
"It may surprise many persons to learn
that monkeys, ,if.spite their cleverness,
are not enduringly susceptible n the in
fluences of 'higher-education,' for infinite
is their innate depravity. I found them
ready enough to learn, but persistent in
refusal to display their knowledge wh»n
required to da so by their patient teacher.
This peculiar side of monkey nature was
forcibly impressed <>n me when I tried to
form an orchestra, or string hand, among
; the simians of my menagerie," says Dan
i Rice.
"We were in winter quarters, and. as it
was my custom to devote my spare rime
during the cold term to taming and train
ing wild animals for the next season. I
i had a family "f monkeys confined in an
I apartment adjoining my reading, am >kin>;
and music room.
"One morning upon nearing the cottage
my ears were greeted by the sound of my
cello. I paused, wondering what visitor
had provoked my rich-toned Instrument
to such unseemly discord. Then l ap
proached closely, and through a window
saw a laughable scene.
"Seated upon a chair, with a smoking
cap on his head, spectacles mi his nope,
! and meerschaum pipe in his mouth, was
I Joe. the largest monkey in the menagerie,
' sawing away at the cello with bow in
hand. Several of the smaller monkeys
were in postures of surprise and delight
at Joe's performance. T had omitted to
lock the door of the monkey room, and
that accounted for the intrusion on my
sanctum.
"Highly entertained. I stood for a time
a silent spectator, until seen by a little
monkey, who notified its fellows of niy
presence with a sharp cry. In a twinkling
the animals dashed from the room. Joe,
minus cap. spectacles and pipe, bringing
up the rear and carefully closing the door
behind him. Upon entering the house I
found all the monkeys safely ensconced
in their proper room and looking as inno
cent as possible, while the old ringleader
was snoring and apparently sound asleep.
From this occurrence the idea of trying
to form an orchestra of monkeys came
into my head, for I well knew that such
a troupe, even if it produced anything
but melody, would be a strong attrac
tion."—Youth's Companion.
A Wopsle in Real Life.
The mills of the ecclesiastical courts
may grind slowly, but that they grind ex
ceeding small has just been demonstraied
by the Archdeacon of Sanim. He held a
solemn inquiry into the following porten
tous charges against the Parish Clerk of
Coombe Bassett: d> That he read the re
sponses in a loud voice while the choir
was chanting them; C2> that he disoheyefl
a command of the incumbent by refusing
to fetch water to cleanse the communion
vessels: <3> that he mulea noise fiy shovi l
ing fuel into the stove whilst the clergy
man was in the act of drinking from the
chalice: and (4) that he remonstrated witli
the reverend gentleman ab.out his ser
mons. It would seem that the Parish
Clerk of Coombe Bassett. even as iJick
ens' Mr. Wopsle. has a high sense of his
own importance. He did not approve of
t ho way In which the services were con
ducted, and so (like Wopsle) he "pun
ished the Amens tremenodusly."' stoked
up the fire by way of protest against
"Popish nonsense." and advised the in
cumbent "not to preach about baptismal
regeneration." The j-rchdeacon has ad
monished the clerk no; t<"> do these things
again, and thus at a critical moment the
cause of law and order in the church has
been majestically vindicated.— London
Truth.
56
WEDNESDAY JUNE 21, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Alarßet and Third St».. S. F
Telephone Main 186$.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main IS7I.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS, IB CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents.
Terms by Mall, Including Postage:
JVULY CALL (including Sunday Call), one year $6.00
DAIL.T CALL (Including Sunday Call). 6 month* 3.00
DAILY CALL i Including Sunday Call), 3 months 1.5»»
DAILY CALL— By Single Mo:.th Guc
. • ".\:>AY CALL One Year 1.50
UKEKLY CALL. One Year LOW
All postmasters are authorized to receive FUbacrlptlon*.
Cample copies will be forwarded when requested. /
OAKLAND 0FF1CE..... 908 Broadway
MIW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
C. CEO. KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
NEW YORK MEWS STANDS.
Waldorf -Astor Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Frem at House; Auditorium Hotel.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 387 Hayes street, open until
30 o'clock- 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Lark'n street, open until 9:30 o'clock-
IS4I Mission street, open until 10 o'clock. .2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh)
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW- corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
irnbla — "The Llars»."
rma -Japanese performance.
< 'nh^um- Vaudeville.
Alcazar "Rlchi
Grand Opera H<".is>' "The Chimes of Norniar..'.; .
Tlvoli— "The Brigands."
Alhambra- -••Rigoletta"
Chute* Zoo ana Free Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon
a:.d evening.
■ :;er Mason and Ellin streets— Specialties.
Interstate Panorama Co., Market street, near Eighth — Bat-
- Manila Bay.
Baths— Swimming Races, etc.
AUCTION SALES.
ft Men<l<?r.hall— Thursday, June 22, at 11 o'clock,
H tv - ■ row Van S'tw avtnue »nrt M;irkft street.
THE STORIES OF THE YUKON
' \ LL that romance ever dreamed of desperate ad
\ enture in pursuit of golden treasure is em
-1 * bodied in tl the early reports bring
experiences of the Yukon adventurers dur
• winter. Hardly any conceivable event
ortune or misfortune is missing from the record.
Everything is there, from the rapture of rich strikes
gru< - :. c horror of cannibalism.
It l- surely a strange life that civilized men have
in that Arctic winter. One report tells how
: - when digging a hole in the frozen
■ t a tent pole found great chunks of
virgii ime of the nuggets being as much as
inches square. Another tells how three men
searching for gold lost their way, exhausted their sup
and perished. When the bodies were found it
■ : with dread suspicion that the flesh of one
of them had been cut away as if to furnish food for
men made ravenous and mad by famine and cold.
There are stories of rich strikes along various
idy known to be rich, of other discoveries
ers on newly explored creeks and
and then stories of bodies found exposed
by the melting snow, with wounds that signify mur
der. There arc tales of the founding of promising
mining camps and predictions that they may grow
to be cities, and another tale of a frantic fight inter
rupting a night of revelry and resulting in the out
of a tire that nearly swept the metropolis of the
Klondike from the face of the earth.
A true and comprehensive narrative of the winter
;•.'<. im the Yukon if told by a man who possesses
ing ni the graphic realism of Defoe would
make tin- most thrilling, blood-curdling romance of
the epoch. It is us* less for writers to go back to the
ruddle age- \<< search for stirring themes. No age
has ever furnished a wider display of every faculty
of man from the hi^hc^t courage to the most de
spairing cowardice than has the Klondike country
the gold ru>h began, nor has any land set that
n a more imprc-=ive stage or with a more
ous background than that furnished by the
Alaskan wilderness with its winter of ice and dark
lumined with auroral lights, charming the soul
by the glory of its heavens and torturing the body
by the rigors of its cold.
It may be accepted as certain that Alaska and the
Canadian Northwest Territory are to have a con
tinuous development in civilization. Gold has been
found in such quantities as will induce men of capital
to expend money, skill and energy in searching out
and exploiting the quartz rocks from which the gold
has been ground out by glaciers and washed down
by the spring torrents to the placers. That the
wealth expended in obtaining the gold will exceed
;,ll that can be taken out may be accepted as a matter
of course. That fact will not deter the sanguine. Each
will believe himself destined to be the lucky one who
will succeed where the others fail. The Arctic gold
fields will therefore be fully developed, and with the
progress of the development there will come a safer
life for those engaged in promoting it. We are get
ting the worst of Alaska now, and those daring and
adventurous men and women who have gone through
it all will have good reason to recall it and boast of it
in future years.
It is evident that no Filipino is whipped until he
has been killed. Driving him from the field does'not
count, as running away and coming back again as
soon as our troops move on are parts of his war
tactics that he most delights in.
Tt is not strange, no matter how it may appear, that
a man in Ohio stricken dumb fifteen years ago has re
covered the power of speech. Numerous politicians
are likely to find tongue as miraculously once Mark
H anna is safe in Europe.
Britishers are just arriving at the conclusion that
"' >om" Paul is getting ugly. Is it possible that there
has never been a shipment of the Boer President's
photos to England?
Murderer Moore of Nevada City has occasional
sleeping spells at his trial. It may not be long before
his sleep becomes permanent.
That old phrase, "Our friends, the enemy," is be
ing sharply illustrated by the treacherous "amigos"
in the Philippines.
THE PHILIPPINE SITUATION.
THE undeclared war in the Philippines has now
been on nearly twice as long as the time that
passed between our ultimatum to Spain and the
call of Cambon in behalf of the Spanish Government
to ask for a peace parley. The Filipinos, without ef
fective artillery and lacking military formation, have
proved their touch and common feeling with all peo
ple who are fighting for the soil they were born on
and for independence and self-government against an
invading host. The Greeks did it at Marathon, the
Romans at Metaurus, the Germans in Teutoburgher
Wald. the Relgians at the battle of the Golden Spur.
We did it through the eight years of our Revolution.
and when a British army invaded our country in the
war in.1812. and after the battle of Bladensburg put
the torch to Washington City, burned the Capitol and
White House and put the Government to flight, a
thorn was planted in the American heart that rankled
until now that British flattery has drawn it.
In estimating the difficulties that our brave troops
have faced in that wet and poisonous archipelago it
must not be forgotten that our superior arms, aim
and formations, our great guns and the support of
warships that with one broadside can destroy a town
and leave its men, women and children heaped in a
mass of torn flesh to spume in ths sun. all have been
nearly equalized by the horrible climate, the vertical
sun, the noxious evaporation.
To all these the natives are as accustomed as a toad
to the vapors of a fen, therefore, though the sym
pathy of the nations is forbidden them and the Gov
ernments that have cursed the world with war and con
quest and wetted it with the tears of the weak and the
blood of the brave are leading us in their footsteps
and out of the ways of our own fathers, nature fights
as an ally of the Filipinos. With less resources and not
a ship they have proved themselves far superior to
the Spaniards as fighters, and to overcome them is an
achievement that will merit brighter laurels and
greater honors than are due the soldiers who touched
the tottering power of Spain and saw it fall.
The French and English, especially the latter, in
structed our Government that the Filipinos were not
to be treated as human beings, but that they must be
pursued like beasts of prey until the remnant that
survived would submit, abandon a dream of freedom,
cease to aspire to independence, and bend the neck
to whatever yoke we fashion.
The advice has been followed, and that has been
followed by consequences that might have been ex
pected. Our inadequate force has destroyed the
country by raiding, the natives have fought as they
retreated and their hosts have closed in behind our
advancing columns, as water closes after the hand
that is drawn through it. The women and old men
have come out of the jungle and sat in the ashes of
their poor huts and have felt just as Greek. Persian.
Roman, German and American have felt in the pres
ence of the invader.
Meantime General Otis has been dealing "crush
ing blows." He has ended the "rebellion" repeat
edly. There h.i> been frequent joy in the Cabinet that
the business was over and we could settle down to
the profits of conquest and teach the natives that it
is their Christian duty to love their enemies and wait
for them to fall upon our necks. But the "crushing
blows" do not crush. We have probably killed thou
sands of these people who never heard of us until we
invaded their country with the flag of the free. There
i> much mourning in American homes. The first
born of many a house has died under a blistering,
tropical sun. a hero, because his country ordered it.
Our troops have pushed the unavailing butchery of
war with uncomplaining endurance and dash. Yet
the barefooted enemy, remembering his hut burned
and his paddy field destroyed, lurks in the jungle and
fights.
It is time to do one thing or the other. Either send
ioo.ooo men at once and besom the islands bare of
human life, or do what was easy five months ago —
treat them as human beings, cease the reiteration of
"unconditional surrender" to a people who know that
we are already disarming Cuba, and see whether the
orders we have taken from Great Britain to never
treat the Filipinos as human are correct or not. The
latter course will not be pursued. Then the former
must be. The troops must be raised and sent. If they
will not volunteer they must be conscripted. The
rnnks must be filled by force if need be, and we must
push our conquest as all conquerors have to. It is
evident that we must reduce the archipelago to com
plete desolation, and leave only the inferior manhood
living that is found among the tribes that are too
cowardly to fight.
The Chicago Journal and other leading Republican
papers join The Call hi this demand as supporters of
the administration. As Otis must be fatigued with
punching the bag. let him be rested and send another
commander in chief. War is hell. We have made a
hell in the Philippines: let us get through with it as
soon as possible.
A HOME VIEW OF GORMAN.
ONE of the most notable features of national
Democratic politics of late is the sudden rise
of Gorman from the retirement enforced upon
him by his defeat for re-election to the Senate to a po
sition of seemingly greater power than ever in the
party. The discredited leader who could not obtain
a Senatorship from his own little State now stands
forth as a personage of such importance that he is
looked upon as a dangerous rival to Bryan and as
a probable candidate for the Presidency next year.
The unexpected appearance this astute and
forceful leader in the thick of the confusion of the
Democratic camp, and the activity of his efforts to
form a faction of his own among the discordant hosts,
have naturally given rise to a great deal of comment.
In those Statrs where the gold element prevails, and
to a consideotible extent in the South. Gorman's can
didacy has been received with maiked favor, and has
been given something of a boom.
The declarations in support of the ex-Senator have
been confined by no means to irresponsible parties.
Several men known to have weight and influence in
the councils of Tammany have been outspoken in ad
vocating his nomination, and it can hardly be doubted
that' powerful organization is at his back. In other
States also men of great influence among conserva
tive Democrats have been equally vigorous in up
holding his candidacy, so that he now appears as the
man who is most likely to be chosen to lead the op
position to Bryan when the Democrats assemble fo
select their standard bearer for the campaign of 1900.
Under these circumstances it is interesting to note
that in his own home there is by no means so enthu
siastic a support as elsewhere. The Baltimore Ameri
can, while a stalwart Democratic paper, is known to
be opposed to the boss-ship of Gorman, and allowance
will be made for its opposition now. Nevertheless it
has the advantage of a proximity to Gorman which
other papers do not possess, and therefore can ap
praise the elements of his strength and his weakness
better than any other. It sees him from the stand
point of an intimate enemy as it were, and thnt is by
no means the worst point of view from which to get
a true idea of such a man as he is.
The American insists that Gorman's nomination
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEdJeSPAY, JUNE 21, 1899.
would involve a political absurdity, inasmuch as he
has been faithful to neither wing of the party. He
opposed the Cleveland administration and was the
leader in the Senate who defeated the Wilson tariff by
so amending it as to virtually destroy it. He is a gold
money man, who supported Bryan in 1896, but sup
ported him in such a way that it did Bryan no good.
He is therefore distrusted by the gold men, the silver
men and the free traders: and for that reason the
American holds that despite all that may be done for
him by Tammany and other political machines, he
will not be able to command strength enough in the
national convention to obtain the nomination.
The American takes another view of his activity at
this time. It says: "Mr. Gorman merits the reputa
tion he has acquired as an astute politician, ami it
seems clear that he is playing national politics. He
knows that the nomination of Bryan will mean that
the party will be led through a slaughter-house to an
open grave: that the party's salvation depends upon
the nomination of one who can satisfy the ultra
rndica-1 Democrats as well as those who bolted Bryan
in 1806. no matter what the platform he is run on.
Mr. Gorman knows that he is not that man, because
he could not hold the ultra-radicals. But in his mind
Bryan must go down. Since he cannot, therefore, be
the Edward of Democracy, the next best thing is to
be its Warwick, and it's Warwick's role Arthur Pue
Gorman is playing these days."
OUR VANISHING FORESTS.
WII. MILLS has returned from rib trip
through Northern California and Oregon,
• bringing another warning of the rapid de
struction of our forests. During his trip he has had
occasion to note with more than ordinary care the
woods of the country along his route, and he reports
that where a few years ago there were vast stretches
i of unbroken forests there is now nothing but bare
hills and blackened stumps.
While the destruction of the kind referred to by
Mr. Mills is not as bad as that caused by forest fires,
it is none the less sufficiently extensive and wasteful
to demonstrate the need of a better supervision and
protection of our woodland wealth. In one place
five sawmills were noted, which cleared over 200
acres a week. The mills of course do not use any but
trees that furnish merchantable timber, and yet the
process of the industry is such that it completely de
vastates the forests, or so nearly so that it requires
about 4000 acres of the land cut over to furnish the
fuel required annually for the locomotives of the rail
road passing through the district.
In commenting upon the subject Mr. Mills said:
"There should be no timber cut without the super
vision of the forest wardens. They should mark the
trees to be felled and no others should be taken. As it
is now all the best trees are selected by the millmen,
and in getting these out they destroy not only all the
other old trees but the young ones as well. The clear
ing of the forests is also affecting the water supply.
If they go on as they have been going it will not be
lung before the Sacramento River will be nothing but
a small stream. In these vast extents of cleared land-,
where when the trees stood you could not go any
distance without crossing a stream, there is now not
even a spring; the hills are drying up. When the
rain falls it runs off the slopes as it does off the roof
of a house; the streams rise and run like torrents,
and then dry up again as soon as the rain is over.
Snow melts as quickly as it falls almost, and the land
dries before spring is past.
The problem involved in the destruction of our
forests is one that never can be too often discussed
or too often brought to the attention of thoughtful
men. It is one of far-reaching importance, and pro
foundly affects the welfare of the State. It must be
borne in mind that beyond the mountains that shut
the Pacific Coast States from the interior there
stretches a vasty region of almost treeless and tim
berles? country. As that region settles up the inhab
itants will look to the coast States for their supply
of lumber for all purposes. The drain upon our fnr
e>ts. already large, will therefore increase with the
years, and the evil become at last one whose menace
cannot be mistaken by even the most thoughtless.
The great progressive States of the East have
begun to take steps not only to protect such forests
as remain to them, but to replant many districts which
have been stripped of their trees. The example of
<uch States will of course have its effect sooner or
later, and we shall in the end follow them in their
wise course. It would be better, however, if we should
join them in taking the leadership in the matter and
set an example to other Pacific Coast States. One
thing may be regarded as certain — if we would pre
serve California for future greatness we must preserve
her forests from present destruction.
BY way of complying with the requests that have
been made by its readers for the publication in
book form of the many striking cartoons that
have marked its pages of late, the Los Angeles
Times has issued in ;i very attractive form a volume
containing them, the object being partly to preserve
the cartoons and partly to provide a valuable and in
teresting premium to its subscribers.
The cartoons are by the gifted Will E. Chapin, one
of the most versatile satiric artists of the time, and
cover the very interesting period of the war with
Spain and the recent political contest that ended in
the election of Governor Gage. It has, therefore, a
historic as well as an artistic value, and may be ac
counted a notable contribution to the political history
of the time.
The subscribers of the Times are to be congratu
lated on the opportunity for obtaining so attractive a
souvenir ol American public opinion during the
Spanish war, and such, witty illustrations of the folly
of the fusion campaign of last year. Mr. Chapin is
also to be congratulated on the excellence of his work
3nd the appreciative way in which it has been pre
sented to the public by L. E. Mosher, who contri
butes the introduction to the volume.
It is now said the deflates at the Peace Confer
ence are waiting for Kaiser William to make up his
mind whether he will consent to agree to arbitration
or not before they go further in any part of their
work except that of dining with the notabilities of
The Hague and drawing their salaries. It seems to
be a situation in which they can wait as long as the
Kaiser and will not hurry him, but it is hard on the
taxpayers of nations that have to pay the salaries, and
harder still on the aristocrats of The Hague who have
to put up for the dinners.
Imperialism brings militarism, and military govern
ment brings the sort of thing now going on at Ward
ner. Is it any wonder the people have taken a sec
ond thought on the subject of foreign conquests and
are more resolved to preserve their own liberties than
to suppress that of the Filipinos?
A few people are reported to be on their way from
the Klondike with gold, but the great majority of
those who joined the rush to the diggings are still
digging away with no gold in sight.
CHAPIN'S CARTOONS.
MAYOR R. W. SNOW PLEDGES OAKLAND'S
SUPPORT TO THE DEWEY MONUMENT
Counts It a Privilege to Aid the
Committee.
h A AYOR PHELAX, thft chairman, and Captain
l\/l Fletcher, the secretary, of the Dewey monument
I V I committee some days ago sent communications to
I I the Mayors of twenty of the principal cities in the
I I State, petting- forth tho purposes of the committee,
■ I the debt of gratitude the people of the Pacific Coast
owe to Admiral Dewey and the officers and men under him
for Paving these shores from the guns of a hostile fleet,
appealing to the patriotism of the people of California and
calling upon the Mayors of their respective cities to give
the movement every assistance in their power. It was ex
plained that although the monument was to be located in
Ran Francisco, it being the chief seaport of the coast, it
was the intention to have it the offering of the whole State
to the great admiral and his subordinates.
With a view to ascertaining the sentiment in the inte
rior regarding the movement. The Call has had the gentle
men addressed prepare a statement of their views, and
these are daily being received. From them it will be seen
that the plan to honor Dewey and his officers and men with
a magnificent monument meets with as great, favor
throughout the interior as it has in San Francisco. The men
appealed to will give it their heartiest support, and in a
short time funds from north and south and east will be
pouring in to swell the splendid contributions already
made by the local patriots. .Following is the statement of
R. W. Snow of Oakland, who upon. receipt of the commit
tee's letter made a special trip across the bay to confer
with Mayor Phelan on the subject*
OAKLAND, June 20.
Editor San Francisco Call — Sir: I count it a privilege to aid the Citizens' Committee to erect a monu
ment to the American navy, and in commemoration of Admiral Dewey's victory at Manila Bay. The generous
subscriptions of Mr. Spreckels. Mayor Phelan and others are a guarantee of the success of the undertaking. A
subscription list is now open in the Mayor's office in this city. The money our citizens will give will by no
means measure their admiration for the great admiral, or the man behind the gun, but I am confident that
they desire to help build this monument. Let it suggest the majestic power of the American people. Let it
be as broad and as high and as permanent as the principle for which the war was waged. Other generations will
take their children into the shadow of it and teach them to be also ready to do great deeds when their jcoun
try answers again to the call of humanity. R. W. SNOW.
SURGEON WARE
VICTIM OF AN
HALLUCINATION
His Malady the Result
of Using a Drug.
IT MAY AFFECT NEALL CASE
COL. FARWOOD SAYS THE SUR
GEON WAS COMPETENT.
— — _
Captain Neall's Friends Think Differ
ently and Declare Dr. Ware
Should Not Have Been
on the Court.
The case of Captain Tsaac P. Ware, as
sistant surgeon. United States army, is
i causing much sympathetic comment In
army circles. Dr. Ware If highly spoken
of as a surgeon of superior ability, whose
record for industry and investigation is
' excellent. When the Government began
| to make active preparations for the Span
| ish war the work of army doctors was
: greatly increased. At that time Dr. Ware
i was suffering intensely from a physical
1 ailment, and In order to obtain relief from
j pain to enable him to perform the many
duties assigned to him he resorted to nar
; cotics. It is naid that his case would not
| have reached a dangerous condition if he
had sought the advice of another physi
cian instead of prescribing for himself.
Army officers do not care to discuss the
health of Dr. Ware, but the admission is
made that lie manifests signs of physical
and mental breakdown. Major Robert J.
("ril'sun. surgeon; Captain Edward Everts,
assistant surgeon, and Captain Thomas I.
1 Raymond, assistant Burgeon, wen ap
■ pointed as a board of officers to inquire
concerning the mental and physical health
of Dr. Ware. When an officer is thought
to be disabled physically the judgment of
one doctor is oegarded as sufficient to
determine the nature and extent of the
disability. When indications point to
trouble in the mind the opinion of three
physicians is required. A prominent
officer remarked yesterday:
"Dr. Ware is an able man, and I have
no doubt that he could to-day pass an
examination readily and answer all ques
tions without faltering; but he has suf
fered intensely, and as the result of ap
plying narcotics to gain relief has gone
too far."
Dr. Ware is a native of Maine and was
appointed to the army from that State in
1592. He was ordered to the Presidio
about a year ago from Los Angeles,
whither he had gone on sick leave from
the Department of California. When he
came here his unfortunate failing was
known, and his brother officers kept a
close watch over him and did everything
in their power to prevent his using the
drug to which he was addicted. When
under its influence his hallucination was
as sad as it was humiliating. On all other
subjects Dr. Ware wa,s apparently per
fectly rational. He endeared himself to
all with whom he came in contact. Some
time ago when a suspected case of small
pox was quarantined on the Reservation,
Dr. Ware was the surgeon put in charge
of the case.
When the quarantine was declared off
and he was relieved and returned to the
post one of his superiors was shocked to
discover that the young surgeon's mental
condition was such that it was evident he
had been freely using the narcotic during
the quarantine. The facts were reported?
and Colonel Farwood. the chief surgeon
of the department, ordered the necessary
board to examine Dr. Ware. This the
board did on Monday, and while its re
port has not been made public, there is
hardly any doubt but that Dr. Ware will
be ordered before a Retiring Board, al
though it Is possible the board may rec
ommend that he be sent to some place for
treatment.
There is one fact in connection with the
unfortunate case that is of material in
terest. Dr. Ware was a member of the
court-martial that tried Captain Neall.
During the trial there was much joking at
Dr. Ware's expense because he was un
able, to keep awake. It has been rumored
that at the time of the trial Dr. Ware
was freely using some drug, and that he
was in no mental condition to administer
justice.
Colonel Farwood declares that Dr.
Ware was mentally fit at that time to sit
upon the court, while Captain Neall's
friends firmly assert that he was not. It
is a fact that Dr. Ware fell asleep during
many sittings of the court.
Officers who are posted on military law
say that Captain Neall can not have a
new trial, but it is not denied that the
very fact of Dr. Ware's being mentally
afflicted and that he was a member of the
court that convicted Captain Neall may
have great effect with the President, in
whose hands the fate of the cavalry offi
cer now rests. At present Dr. are is
confined to his quarters.
DEMENTED BY DRUGS.
Arrest pf a Respectable Citizen for
Mutilating Gold Coins.
Thomas D. Wakelee was arrested yes
terday by Secret Service Agent Robert S.
Browne on a charge of mutilating gold
coins of»the United States. The accused
MAYOR R.W. SNOW, OAKLAND.
was Immediately released on $2">00 bonds
furnished by his wife and Timothy Hop
'klns. The amount sweated off the coins
is ridiculously small, amounting to about
8 rents on a $20 piece, and the matter nf
the insanity of Mr. Wakelee is being re
vived by his friends. He is well to no
and hap been in the service of the South
ern Pacific Company for more than
twenty-five years, but he was operated
upon for a tobacco < ancer on hi? face
about a year ago and lately th« cancer he
• pan to make its reappearance . It is be
fieved that the use of drugs to deaden the
pain "f the disease has demented Mr.
Wakelee.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
/
Dr. W. A. Moore of Benicia is at the
Grand.
Dr. G. H. Kirchbaum of Los Angeles Is
at the Lick.
James A. McClus'key of Los Angeles is
at the Grand.
H. C. Nash of Stanford University is at
the California.
H. H. Heineken, a Petaluma wineman,
is at the Lick.
J. A. Migliavncca, a wineman of Napa,
is at the Grand.
J. I* Haas, a merchant of Portland, is
registered at the Lick.
A. B. S. Dowdell. a vineyardist of St.
Helena, is at the Grand.
Captain Frank Brandt is registered at
the Lick from Palo Alto.
Adjutant General W. H. Seamans Is
registered at the Occidental.
T. S. Nowell, a mining man, is regis
tered at the Palace from Boston.
Simon Lubin left for New York City
yesterday on business connected with his
house.
J. T. Brennan of Canton. Ohio, repre
senting a prominent watch factory, Is at
the Lick.
Willard Green of Denver has returned
from a short trip to Monterey. He is
again at the Palace.
S. 11 Damon, Minister of Finance of the
Hawaiian Islands. Is registered at the
Occidental from Hilo.
E. A. Denicke, president of the Mechan
ics' Institute, is visiting Yellowstone Park
and will be gone two weeks.
Bernard J. Stahl, a prominent cigar
manufacturer of New York City, left for
Portland, Or., yesterday oa a business
trip.
W. J. Andrews. Pacific Coast agent of
a New York carriage factor?', has gone
to Upper Soda Springs on a two weeks'
vacation.
Carleton C. Crane, Pacific Coast pas
senger agent of the New York Central
line, is in New York City on a pleasure
trip and will return to this city on July 1.
Captain J. A. Broomh<:-ad, who came in
from sea on the Conemaugh yesterday,
registered last evening at the L,ick. He
will go out In command of the Pennsyl
vania when she sails.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, June 20.— Henry M. Sher
man of San Francisco is at the Manhat
tan, D. A. Hulse of San Francisco is at
the Normandie, B. A. Mason and Canton
Rogers, of San Francisco are at the
Rivers. George C. Pratt of San Francisco
is at the Marlborough and M. Herman of
San Francisco is at the Netherland.
ST. JOHN'S PICNIC.
The Parishioners Will Gather at El
Campo To-Day.
The picnic to be given by St. John"3
Church, at El Campo to-day promises to
be a successful affair. The various com
mittees me£ last evening and perfected
arrangements for the outing. It was an
nounced that there will be 146 gate prizes
in addition to seventy-six prizes for races
for young and old. The boat leaves Sau
salito ferry at 9:30 a. m. sharp, returning
leaves El Campo at sp. m. Following arc
the committees:
Reception— Peter Tamony fchair
man'i, Eugene O'Connor. Thomas Mino
lian, John Tamony. Joseph McDeviit.
John Cherry. John Mclnerny, Timnthy
Mtnehan, William McKeon, Joseph R.
Johnson. T. R. Hulling. John Skihan.
Gate— Timothy Minehan (chairman^.
T. R. Hulling. John Mclnerny.
Games— John Cherry (chairman). Eu
gene O'Cornor. T. R. Hulling. Pet«r
Tamony. John Skehan, Thomas Mine
nan. John Tamony.
The dancing programme will be in
charge of Company O, League of the
( !ross Cadets:
Floor manager. Captain Josenh
Wesplear: assistant floor manager,
Lieutenant Philip Milleriok.
Floor committee— Sergeant T. Cur
tin. Corporal Richardson. Corporal
Mcoll. Ben Burns. Ben Bogue, Jam«? 3
Bogue, Thomas Connolly, Thomas Mil
lerick, Fred de Carteret.
A DANGEROUS YOUTH.
Steve M. Harding, Ex-Bellboy, Ar-
rested on a Charge of Grand
Larceny.
Steve M. Harding, an ex-hell boy In the
St. Nicholas Hotel, was booked at 'he
City Prison yesterday by Detectives Wren.
Dinan and Reynolds on a charge of grand
larceny. He is accused of stealing a gold
watch and diamond ring from Michael
Daly, foreman in a hardware house, In the
Dunlap House, 220 O'Farrell street, about
a week ago. The watch has been recov
ered.
Harding last December caused a sensa
tion by attempting tn chloroform and rob
Henry Charles in his room in the St.
Nicholas. He was arrested on chargt-;
of attempted jobbery, burglary and carry
ing a concealed weapon, but after three
trials and the juries failing to agree the
cases were dismissed.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
T.OLA MONTKZ-W., Philo. Cal. Th*
fcvther of the noted Lola Montez was an
English ensign named Gilhert.
BOSTON TO NEW YORK— W.. Philn,
Cal. The distance from Boston to New
York by the shorte3t post route is 217
mile?.
A HALF DOLLAR— M~, Bodega. Cal. If
the half dollar of 1853 is one with arrow
heade at the date and with rays around
the eagle it is worth 50 cents: if it is with
e ut arrows or rays It is worth from $20
to |30.
AROT'ND THE ISLAND-S. S., City.
Dr. Riehl. the erreut swimmer, once swam
around Goat Island, in the bay of San
Francisco, from the foot of Market street
to the point of commencement, without
artificial rest.
ARIZONA AND NEW MEXlCO—Sub
prriber. Crescent City. Cal. Neither Ari
zona nor Npw Mexico is a State of T he
Union. They are Territories. The tlrst
named was organized February 24, 8J63,
and the latter September 9. 1850. Several
at tempts have been made to have these
Territories admitted to statehood, but
none proved successful.
QUEEN VICTORIA— A. A. W., City.
Royal families drop their family names
and cannot, in reality, be said to have
any. Queen Victoria belongs to a Han
over family, and her name, if she can be
said to have any aside from her title, is
Oiu-lph or Welf. Princes of the royal
blood are christened and married by their
titles only and their family names be
come by intermarriage extinct. The
family name of the House of Saxony, of
which Prince Albert of Saxe-Coburg, who
married Victoria, descended, is Wettins,
or in German, Wettiner. So. to come
down to the common pla.ne, the name of
Queen Victoria is Victoria Guelph-Wet
tins.
BORN ON A SHIP— W. 0., City. If an
English married couple sails from England
on an English vessel and as that vessel
was entering the Golden Gate of San
Francisco a boy was born to that couple,
the boy was a native of California and
consequently an American. At that time
the vessel was no longer on the high seas
but in American waters. Had the boy
been born while the vessel was still on
the high seas he would have been a na
tive nf England. The other part of the
question asked: "If that boy was taken
back to England and grew up there, could
he claim American citizenship, or would
he be a British subject?" Is one the an
swer to which shows the difference be
tween nationality and citizenship. The
boy, being an American by birth, could,
on* attaining his majority, elect which
country he wished to be a citizen of, and
makes"that election by. say If in England,
refusing to perform the duties of a citizen
of that country; or If in the United States,
assuming the duties of citizenship, or vice
versa. ■ -
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's i. alp Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main KM*.
Whitelaw Is Acquitted.
Thomas Whitelaw, son of the well
known wrecking man, was acquitted by
Judge Conlan yesterday of the charge of
buvfnfc junk from a minor. The
showed that the boy. Jess, picked the
piece of iron off the Street and got twice
as much as it was worth from Whitelaw.
Official Route Christian Endeavor
Excursion to Detroit.
Leave San Francisco 6 p. m . June 29. via
Central Pacific. Union Pacific. Chicago and
Northwestern and Wanash Railways, on© day
spent at both Denver and Omaha Exposition.
Round trip rate to Detroit, $81. For reserva
tions and further Information address George
P. Lowell. Transportation Manager California
Christian Endeavor, 1G26 Eighth aye., East
Oakland, Cal.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup
Has been "*ed for fifty years by million! cf
mothers for their children while Teething, with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the sums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Wlnslow's Suothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
Bock Island Route Excursions.
Leav? San Francisco every Wednesday, via
Rio Grande and Rock Island railways. Through
tourist sleeping cars to Chicago and Boston.
Manager and porter accompany tiiese excur
sions through to Boston. For tickets, sleeping
car accommodations and further InformAlon
address CLINTON JOKES. General Agent
Rock Island Railway. r,24 Market St., S. F.
Low Bates to Detroit, Michigan, for
Christian Endeavor Convention.
The SANTA FE ROUTE wll make rata of
$81 for the round trip. Ticket* on »a>< Jun#
2'Jth. For full particulars call at ticket office,
628 Market street, this city, or 1118 Broadway,
Oakland.
HOTEL, DXL COHONADO- Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Sow only $60 by
steamship, including fifteen (".ays' board at
hotej ; longer etay, $3 50 per day. Apply at t
New Montgomery street. Sac Francisco.THE PRESIDENT
HAS SELECTED
HER DEPUTIES
To Assist Her in the
Native Daughters.
THE STANDING COMMITTEES
SOME DEFEATED CANDIDATES
ARE RECOGNIZED.
« —
A Number of District Deputy Grand
Presidents at Large Are Ap
pointed for Several
Counties.
Mrs. Cora R. Sifford. errand president of
the Grand Parlor of the Native Daugh
ter* of the Golden West, has named the
following commit
Finance— M -•■ TillJp Prick Piedmont
Parlor, Oakland; Mrs. Fannie D.
Koos, Alta Parlor. San Francisco:
Mrs. Lena P.. Mills. Orinda Parlor.
San Franclscb:
Appeals and srievrnces-Miss Elisa
beth A. Spencer^ Occident Parlor, Oc
cident; Mrs. Carrie Roesch Durham, j
Jonquln Parlor; Stockton; Mrs. Soph'»
Wilhelm. Manzanita Parlor. Grass
Valley; Miss Grace J. Willy Joaouin \
Parlor. Stockton; Miss Vannie Mc-
Laughlin. Conrad Parlor. Volcano.
Petitions— Miss Lizzie Douglas. A l l a
Parlor. San Francisco; Miss Martha
McFarland; Calaveras Parlor, Sari
Francisco; Christine Anderson. Ollvlna
Parlor. Alvarado. I
Returns— Miss Mac B. Wilkins.
Santa Cruz Parlor, Santa Cruz; Miss
Sophie 1.. Sehroeder. Alameda Parlor.
Alameda; Mrs. Irene McL'eod Foster.
San Jose Parlor, San Jose.
Stale of the order— Miss Mariana
Bcrtola. Ramona Parlor. Martinez;
Miss Nellie Morrill, El Pajaro Parlor,
Watsonville; Mrs. Genevieve Raker,
Buena Vista Parlor, San Francisco;
Mrs. Sarah A. Durkee. Vend* me Par
lor. San Jose; Mrs. Mary Langford.
Occident Parlor. EurekaJ
Legislation— Mrs. Ella Caminetti.
Vrsnla Parlor. Jackson: Miss Maud
Scott. San Louisita Parlor. San Luis
Ohippo: Mrs. H. M. Greene, Buena
Vista Parlor. San Francisco: Mrs.
Minnie Hollingberry] Copa de Oro Par
lor, Holllster; Mrs* Anna Nixon, Am
apola Parlor. Sutter Creek.
Ritual— Mrs. Mary K. [man, Mi
nerva Parlor, San Francisco; Mrs.
Tina L. Kane. Ursula Parlor, Jackson;
Mrs. Lena Hilke Mills. Joaquin Par
lor, Stockton; Miss C. K. Wltten
meyer, Ramona Parlor, Martinez;
Miss May Gibbons, Dardanelle Parlor, :
Printing and supplies— Mrs. Emma
Gruber Foley. Orinda Parlor. San
Francisco: Miss Rosa Day, Golden
State Parlor, San Francisco; Mrs.
May Church, Oro Fino Parlor, San
Francisco.
Laws and supervision— Miss Laura
J. Frakes. Amapola Parlor. Slitter
Creek: Mrs. Emma Gett. Califia Par- ,
lor. Sacramento; Mrs. Emma erers,
Laurel Parlor. Nevada City; Miss
Harriett Lee. Woodland Parlor, Wood
land; Miss Pora Zmudowski, El Pa
jaro Parlor. Watsonville.
Transportation— Mrs. Bell W. Con
rad. Pardenelle Parlor. Sonora; Mrs.
l.ibbie Kooney. Aloha Parlor. Oakland;
Mrs. Margaret Wishard, Ursula Par
lor. Jackson.
Emblems for grand officers and of
ficers in subordinate parlors and on
• ■mhlematie pin— Miss Stella : kel
dey, Santa Cruz Parlor, Santa Cruz;
Miss Edna Johnson. Califia Parlor,
Sacranvnto; Mrs. E!!a Wehe, ...
Vista Parlor, San Francisco.
Mrs. SifTord has appointed the following
named as .... assist her in her
work during the current term:
Del None County— Miss Sara Frantz,
Crescent Parlor. Crescent City.
Humboldt County — For [dent
Parlor of Eureka, ( >ne< til Parlor of
Ferndale, Reichling Parlor of. For
tuna. Miss Maggie L. Jones of Occi
dent Parlor of EureKa,
Mendocino and Lake counties— dis
dfputy giand president at large.
Sonoma and Marin counties — A dis
trk' deputy grand president at large.
Trinity County— Mrs. Emma C.
Young of ■ . " pome Parlor, Weaver
ville.
Siskiyou and Tehama counties—
district deputy grand president ac
large.
Shasta and Butte counties— Ca
melia. Parlor of Anderson and Las
sen View Parlor of Shasta, Mrs.
Martha Blair of Lassen View Parlor.
Glenn and Colusa counties—A district
deputy grand president at large.
Yolo. Solano and Napa counties — For
Eschol Parlor of Napa. Parri Parlor
of Dixon and Woodland Parlor of
Woodland. Miss Blanche Holly of
P;irri Parlor, Dixon.
Modoc and Lassen counties— A dis
trict deputy errand president at large.
Sierra County— For Golden Bar Par
lor of Sierra City, Naomi Parlor of '
Downleville, Mrs. Kate I. Dubordieu
of Golden Bar Parlor.
Plumas County— A district deputy
grand president at large.
Yuba and Nevada counties— '
Laurel Parlor of Nevada City, Man- ]
zanita Parlor of Grass Valley and
Columbia Parlor of French Corral
Miss Kate Wood of Columbia Par
lor. French Corral.
Placer County— For Sierra Parlor of i
Dutch Flat. Pine Burr Parlor of Col-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ECZEMA ON r^OSE
For 9 Years Cured byCUTICURA
In a Short Time After
Five Doctors Failed.
I have suffered for nine years with sore? in my
nose. I consulted with a first-class doctor, and
he tcld me it was fever - ire that would soon pass
away. I had four doctors treat me for nose trou-
ble, but without seeming to do any good. My
trouble was 80 bad my husband decided that £
should po to N. V. City and get treated. The
best <3o tor in the city for no«e, eye, and throat
told tup I bad eczema in the worst form, and I
must st*s and gel treated three times a week.
I did no; seem to get any relief. V) ray husband
tent for me- to come home. While I waa home
I decidi-d to try il IRA REMEDIES. I got
Ccticura. Phap, Cuticciu (ointment), and
Cutici'ra Res v-\t, and I was surprised to
find it was bat a short tim • when my nose teat
all well. Mas. <:. S. VAN* I'OSTKAND,
April 25, 1898. Point o' Woods, Bay Shore, L. I.
HEAD A SOLID SORE
From a very small ,;.r I had a breaking out oa
m / head every spring, which would ..become a
solid scab. Finally my father procured a box of
CtmcuKA [ointment), a cake of Clticbra tiOAP,
and a bottle of Cuticura Uesolvent. I have
never been troubled with the disease since.
NORAU B. HAN.VA,
•April 23, 1898. Mt. Vernon, Ark.
CUTICURA
Begins with the Blood and Ends with
The Skin and Scalp.
That is to say it purifies the blood and circu-
lating fluids of llcil or Germs, and thne removes
the ran ,', while warm baths with Cuticura
Soap, and gentle anointings wlthriTicjiu (oint-
ment), greatest of emollient skin cures, cleanse
the skin and scalp of crusts ;.r. i tea - allay
itching, burning, and Inflammation, and soothe
and heal. Thus are speedily, permanently, and
economically cured the most torturing, disSgur-
ing and humiliating humors of the akin, «i-alp,
?.n>l blood, with lo«ss of hair, when the best phy.
fcicians and all other remedies fail.
Sold throughout tie wo:!.!. Pottbi D. a idC, Coki\,
Eole Prop* , Bo«ton. '• How to Cure Humor," free.
SAVE YOUR HAir bjr^c^ i r. with
SAVt IUUrI n.Hlri ' CtrxiCßßi. 6oTr.
HEAVY-WEIGHT BOXERS PREPARING
FOR AN IMPORTANT ENGAGEMENT
GUS RUHLIN.
PHOTOGRAPHS BT BUSHNELL.
HEAVY-WEIGHT boxers always
appeal more stronply to the fol
lowers of the ring- than do the
lighter men who don the g-ioves,
the interest taken In the forth
comins; meeting- of Gus Ruhlin an.l
Joe !<. nnedy. Tl • m< i will b \
twenty rounds at Woodwai I's Pavil
ion on Friday r.iu!.- under the auspices
of Excelsior Atl ib This or
ganization has handled successfully
of the I.- nportanl of the
me< ■ nps held In this city.
Ruhlin has undergone the condition
ing process I Blai ken's und<
: Billy Madden, the man
who discovered John L Sullivan.
iy has doi ■• rk at the
that time, havii _ -i from a
big-, heavy man Into a lithe, quick
•
Kennedy differs from Ruhlin. as his
muscles do not stand I tninent-
Iy. He h;\< strength and rjuicknesa
unusually clean with the gloves
far. Miss s ■ . Runckel of t
■
El ] I 'S iTnmento coun
tles—For M Parlor of ]
' rlor of
' igard of Marguerite
I
-For Chis
r of Ply-
M shields of I i
I
County— For Vrsula Par
.! v kson, Amapola Parlor of
Suttei Creek and Conrad Par! r
Mrs. Emma F. Boarman of
i Parlor.
eras County— For Ruby
• Murphys and Prln<
Miss '■' Set '-■■ " f Ruby
I
mm County— For Dardanelle
I f Sonoi ' Golden Era Par
mbia. Mi.ss Lillian M. Rehm
of • 10l :• n Era Pi i i
■•• For Ramona
Pai rof Martinez. Miriam Par
I Pinole Parlor of
Miss Frances Ellerhor I
i - -
San Joaquin County— For Joaquin
Parlor of Sto ki »n, Ivy Parlor of Lodl.
El P< r of Tracy and
rlor of Camanche, Miss Ac
■ I ■■ neva Parlor.
Alameda County— For Alameda Par
: and Olivlna Parlor of
Mr<. Agn< s Lunstedt "f
a Vista Parlor of San Frai
Angelita Parlor of Livermore,
Piedmont Parlor of Oakland and .v.>
ha Parlor of Oakland, Miss Amanda
Hammerly of Pi< I rlor
Inyo and Alpine Counties—
■ y grand pr< sident at
Mariposa County— Miss Mnsrcri" T.
Floran of Mariposa Parlor of Marl-
Merced and Madera Counties— Miss
Mamie R C Veritas Parlor of
M« reed.
Fresno. Kings and Tu'are Counties—
■rid president at
Francisco— For Sans Souci Par
lor. Fremont Parlor and Las Lnrrws
Parlor. Mrs. May Blakeley of Minerva
For Alta Parlor. Calaveraa
Parlor and Ru^na Vista Parlor, Mrs.
Baker of But i < Vista
Parlor. For Golden State Parlor. o r o
Fino Parlor and La Estrella Parlor,
Mrs. J A. St< Inbach p* \'-' P*"' -
For Minerva Parlor. Orinda Parlor
ai d Fosemite Parlor Mr- Minnie
■ - 5 Soucl Parlor.
Santa Clara and San Mateo Coun
•;. Parlor. Redwo id
City, San J"Sf and Vendnme Parlor of
se, Mrs. Dora Wilson of Ronita
Panta Cruz. Monterey and San Heni
nties—For Santa Cruz P.irlor of
Santa Cruz. El Painro Parlor of Wat
sonville Alell Parlor of Salinas and
Oro Parlor of Hollister, Mrs.
A. V.'. Stirling of Aleli Parlor.
Santa Barbara and Ventura Coun-
M:s= r..ra P.. McGonigle of Buena
Ventura Parlor of Ventura.
Luis Obispo Count v— For San
Miguel Parlor of San Miguel. San
i Parlor nf San Luis Obispo and
El Paso Robles Parlor of Paso Robles,
Mm. Annie S. Proctor of San Miguel
Pnrlor.
Kf-rn and San Bernardino Countis—
A district deputy grand president at
large.
Los Anireles, Orange. Riverside ar.d
Pan Diego Cnuinies -Mrs. Sadie Rlos
<A T a Ksperanza Parlor of Los An-
District Deputy at T.ar^e for North
ern c Mrs. Belle Pouelass of
p Lrlor, Nevada City.
1 > i ~ r :- : . ■ r Deputy at l.arpe for Cen
tral Counties— Mrs. N"llie S. Coil of
Woodland Parlor, Woodland; Mrs.
Stein of Ivy Parlor of Lodl and
Mrs. Sophie 1,. Schroder of Alameda
Parlor. Alameda.
District Deputy for Southern <""o>in
tles—Mrs. Powell of Veritas Parlor of
NATIONAL BANK STOCK.
i Its Liability to Taxation to Be
Legally Determined.
City and County Attorney Lane has ad
vised* Tax Collector Sheehan to accept the
taxes due on the real estate of the
Crocker- "U'oolworth National Bank at this
time without requiring the payment of
personal property taxes. He bases his
opinion on a recent decision by United
States District Judge de Haven, and con
cludes with the statement that It has been
held by both the Federal and State
court's "that the personal property of a
national bank cannot be directly as
sessed for taxation by State authorities.
" The opinion was called for in view of
Assessor Dodge's action in assessing the
chares of the five national banks In this
city owned by stockholders. This stock
has heretofore escaped taxation alto
ec-ther and the Assessor contends that it
is nrlvate property And therefore subject
to taxation the same as any other per
sonal'property. By his action $5,000,000 Is
added to the assessment roll.
It is stated that the Crocker-Woolworth
Bank, through its attorneys Lloyd «c
Wood will sue out an Injunction to-day
restraining the Assessor from assessing
Its stock and thus throw the matter Into
the courts.
Yesterday's Insolvent.
A. M. Leach. $6486 73: assets. $2000
Ladies' handsome tailor pnwna to order
at popular prices. Loewenthars, 914 Mrkt.*
THE SAJN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 21, 1899.
for a big; fellow. He has been rough-
Ocean Beach, with Tim McGratb as
r. Kuhlln shoujfl be "cherry
rip." when ho crawls through the
• Friday night, for he was ready
for a battle a week after his arrival
He was fresh from his meeting
with Peter Maher and his muscles
then stood out like whipcords under
his smooth skin. He boxed a draw
with Jeffries In this city when both
were comparative novi.--es In the art
of atta.-k and defense. He has changed
both in style and appearance since
inp it with "Soldier" Walker In train
ing an.i Is prepared to withstand a
buffeting from Ruhlin. That Ken
rid his friends fancy his chances
is Indicated by the fact that he was
matched to meet Jeffries when the
THE CITY TO
MANUFACTURE
ITS HYDRANTS
Bids Found to Be Far
Too High.
CHIEF SULLIVAN'S STATEMENT
♦
AMPLE FACILITIES FOR CASTING
AND FINISHING.
Less Than SSOO Necessary to Fully
Equip the Corporation Yard for
the Undertaking — A Big
Saving.
The Judiciary Committee of the Board
of Supervisors at its meeting yesterday
'. what the members considT^d
another attempt on the part of certain
firms to ent<--r Into a combine for the pur
pose of mulcting the city, and the result
is that the fat contract for furnishing
hydrants to th" Fire Department has been
lost to manufacturers, and the city will
hereafter turn out its own hydrants.
It is something almost if not quite un-
Sented for the municipality to en
!!i the foundry business, but Chief
Sullivan assured the Commissioners that
there were ample resources at the cor
poration yard for the purpose, so the ex
periment will be made in the hope of sav
\v.s the taxpayers something like $5000 a
■
Hi. ls fur four and five Inch hydrants
were received from three firms, as fol
lows? Risdon Iron and Locomotive
Works, four-inch hydrants. ?;'• each; flve
inch. s." ::n. M. Greenberg Sons, four-inch.
five-inch. (5660. Victor Ktienne.
four-inch. $54; five-inch. $60. Chairman
Byingtpn referred the bids to Chief Sulli
van, who pronounced them entirely too
high.
"I have carefully examined into the
COBI of hydrants, with other officials of
the department," said the Chief, "and I
know |ust what they cost." The raw ma
terial, he said, would cost $27 60. and with
the expenditure of an amount not ex
ceeding $500 for brass lathes, the depart
ment could turn them out at the corpora
tion yard at a cost of t'-Vi f.i> each for four
inch and $."0 T.i for five-inch hydrants.
"Do you mean, Chief, that On- depart
ment has facilities for casting and tinisli
ins these hydrants?" asked Mr. Aigeltin
ger.
"Yes; at the corporation yard— or.
rather, we would have the facilities with
the addition of the brass lathes."
'And these lathes, you say, will cost
$5no?"
"That sum will greatly exceed the cost;
T should Bay that $300 or $400 will pur
chase what we need."
The representatives of two of the bid
ding firms questioned the accuracy of the
Chief's figures, but failing to shake his
confidence In the department's ability to
turn out hydrants at the figures he gave—
| " and $3975— they explained their own
figures by sayinig that the price of raw
material had advanced greatly of late.
and there was every indication that it
would go still higher. Moreover, the men
employed in the corporation yard were
paid .<:: a day. while the private firms
paid their men more, and besides had to
figure on a small profit for themselves.
The committee ;tsk. •'■ the Chief how
many hydrants he thought would be
needed for the coming fiscal year, and
was Informed that something like 225
would be necessary. The members could
not see any better way to save money
thai: by granting the Fire Department
the necessary brass lathes and let it man
ufacture its own hydrants, so all the bids
were rejected on the ground that they
wen too high and that course was recom
mended to the board.
CHANCE FOR THE CHILDREN.
Special Examination for Those Who
Missed Promotion.
So many parents of public school pupils
have called at the rooms of the Board of
Education to inquire why their offspring
were not promoted at the recent ex
aminations, and to see if there is not
some way for them to escape remaining
in the same grade for another year, that
the following resolution, adopted at the
last meeting of the board, is republished
for their information and guidance:
Resolved. That the pupils of the fourth, fifth.
slxth, «pvpnth and »lf?hth grades who failed to
necure the minimum of 30 per cent in rtnt more
than two -subjects In the recent examinations
may he re-examined In paid subjects on July 31.
August 1 and August 2. 1899. and those then
becurlng 68 per cent or more shall be promoted.
(A minimum average of 70 must be secured.)
Pupils of the ninth grade who have secured ,
Ruhlin and Kennedy An
in Fine Fettle,
JOS KENNEDY.
■ ■: '
latter was summoned East to arrange ,*
for the meeting with Fitzsimmons, ,
which made him the world's cham- c
pion. ,
The comparative measurements of the*
men will prove of Interest to those who*
follow the boxing game. They are as fol-«
lows: <
m'HI.I.W Kennedy. .
6 feet 1% inches Height 6 feet l Inch <
190 pounds Weight 135 pounds
i? Inches Reach.. 7;, i. 4 Inches.
4! Inches Chest 42 inche?"
M inches Wa!?t 34 inches"
IS in. Mips P.iceps 16 Inches;
l.!-4 Inches Firearm 13 inches*
S Inches Wrist 9 lnehesr
Z3 inches Thleh 24 Inches*
*■?;* Inches calf IT Inches^
■an average of 70 per cent and a minimum of
I'.r.rC^T," ce C m in orthography, grammar and
Mt. ;n V sha " be graduated. A pupil who I
■7' railed to secure 50 per cent in any one of !
these subjects, to wit: arithmetic. K rammar or '
orthography, may be re-examin<».l in thnt sub
ject on July 31, I --!.. and if said pupil l.» suc
cessful at that time he shall be entitled to a
diploma of graduation .
That pupils who have been absent from ex
amination by reason of nines?, or any other
Rood cause, may be examined July 31. August
1 and August 2. 1599. under these reflations.
HOLIDAY COURSING AT UNION.
Directors of the Association Decide to
Hold a Midsummer Meet on
July 1, 2 and 4
Tho directors of the Union Coursing
Park Association held a special meeting
last night to arrange for the grand mid
summer meet on the Ist. 2d and 4th of
July. Elaborate preparation will be made
for the event. The directors of the asso
ciation state that they feel confident that
the coming- three days of coursing 1 will
be the most successful of any of the
holiday meets held under the auspices of
the association.
The event that will probably attract
widespread interest will be "an open
stake limited to eighty entries. All the
crack dogs in this part of the country
will probably be entercM. The entrance
fee was set at J5 per dop. The prizes will
be awarded in the following order: Win
ner $IWt. runner-up $110. third dop $sn
fourth and fifth dojra $T>s: the next five
dojjs $.T> each: the next ten <lops $20 each;
the next twenty $lf> each. On the Fourth
of July a forty-eight dog- reserved stake
will be run oft". An entrance fee of $T, will
also be charpreri. This stake is for non
winners. All flotrs that have run to third
money In any stake since January 1 are
excluded from enterintr. This restriction,
however, does not include the winners of
extras or sapling: or puppy doer stakes
Th<- prizes for this stake will be awarded
In the following manner: Winner $I°o
runner-up $80, third dop JW) the next
three J35 each, the next six $20 each the
next twelve $10 each.
The^re will be no coursing- on Monday,
July o .
TRAILING THE THIEF
OF THE BOX OF GOLD
POLICE INTERROGATE ARRIV
ALS RY THE AUSTRALIA.
Little Liprht, However, Thrown on a
Clew Which Was in Possession
o. the Detectives.
The story of the loss of a box of soy- ;
eroiens from the stoamer Alameda w; s
revived yesterday by tho arrival of the ;
steamer Australia from Honolulu.
Before the Alameda sailed again for
Australia ft was known to Chief Lees and
his detectives that an ox-convict had left
•the vessel at Honolulu and that he had
borrowed $5 from a fellow passenger to
ro ashore with, promising to repay it
when his trunk was landed. AVhen the
trunk was put ashore the "ex-con" had
plenty of money and nearly all of it
seemed to be Enprlish money." It was his
intention to remain in Hawaii for soni"
time, but all at once he changed his mind
and took passage for Japan on the Gaelic
Two yuunK men named Marcus Smith :
and Albert Parry were fellow pass^npi-rs
with the suspected man on the Alameda
from Sydney. X. S. W. and one of them
(Smith) loaned him the $5 he borrowed !>. -
fore going ashore at Honolulu. Tins,- two
young men came up on the steamer Aus
tralia and the police were naturally anx
ious to interview thorn. Sorpeant Bunner
and Officer Ferguson and Detectives Elli
and 'lihson boarded the vessel in thit
stream, but Smith and Parry could tell
them very littlo more than they already
know. Smith Is an amateur photographer
and during the voyage from Sydney tf !
Honolulu he took a number of snapshots
of tho suspected man. Tn one of them he
is lounging: in a deck chair and in another
he forma one of a croup.
Mrs. A. L. Bender 111.
Mrs. Anna L. Bendrr of this city, nt;o
of the best known pioneer women of the
State, is seriously ill. Owing to her ad
, vnnrci ac (80 y< first her friends are
j alarmed at her condition. She came hero
lin the early days. One of her sons. David
i A. Bender, was for years freight agent of
j the Virginia and Tuekee Railway of \' P .
; vaila. and at present is general manager
of the Pacific Pine Lumber Cnmpanv
Charles T. Binder is cashier of the Bank
of Rf-nn. Nevada, and a third son, Wilkes
Bender, is a prominent business man in
Los Angeles. Mrs. Bender resides at 1524
Jackson street.
Senator Proctor Has No Title.
Judge Morrow has dismissed the case
of Redfield Proctor against the city and
; county of San Francisco on the ground
that there is a lack of equitable jurisdic
tion in the T'nited States Circuit Court
Senator Proctor brought the suit to quiet
title to and secure possession of some
Innd in Lafayotto square, in this city.
The case will bo appealed.
Dear Madam: "Pegamoid says come'
Tcu're welcome. Chronicle buildlr.tr. No. «.
DAINGERFIELD
MULCTED COOK
FOR CONTEMPT
Justice Ignored Writ
of Prohibition.
DEFIED SUPERIOR COURT
HE SET ASIDE A JUDGMENT
WITHOUT WARRANT.
Changed the Official Record of a Case
in Defiance of a Peremptory
Order of the Higher
TriDunal.
Justice of th« Peace G F. W. Conk
was held to be In contempt of court by
Superior Judge Dalngorfield yesterday for
Ignoring a writ of prohibition issued by
the Litter on the Bth of April in the case
of D. A. Curtln vs. Marie Cassou et al.,
wherein Cook was ordered not to carry
r-'it his declared intention to set aside a
judgment in favor of the ?>lalntiff which
harl been taken in his court by default
on Much 17 last. The plea of the Justice
that he had not been served with the writ
until two days after the order setting
aside the Judgment had been made was
evidently not believed by the court, and
the weight of the evidence was aerainst
such a conclusion. The Judge also ren
dered a decision on the matter which
cp.!led for the issuance of the writ of
prohibition, which is In effect that the
original ,'udcment npainst the defendant
stands as oripinally entered.
Briefly the facts of the ease are as fol
li ws: O. A. Curtin sued Marip Cassod
and Joseph Cassou. her husband. In Jus
tiro Cook's court on a not*- for $3iV) ex
ecuted by the woman before her mar
riage, togeiher with interest and costs.
Judgment was entered by default for
5290 !W. with Interest and costs amounting
to $S;2. An execution was issued against
the community property of tiie two de
fendants, and' the Sheriff of Alameda
County attached the bakery operated by
them in Oakland. Then, although the ten
days allowed by law had expired. P. A.
Bergerot and Moses G. Cobb. attorneys
for the Cassous, appeared before Justice
Cook nnd asked that the minutes of the
proceeding:! 1 ; be changed so that it would
appear that the judgment was against
Mrs. Cassou individually. Cook an
nounced his intention to comply with the
request, statinf that he had b°en imposed
upon when signing the judgment and
ordered the attachment withdrawn at
once.
While the matter was being argued Mr.
Curtin secured a writ of prohibition from
Judge Paintrerfield. which was served on
Cook at 11:30 o'clock on the morning of
April 8, before he had made his order
correcting the minutes. The writ was
isrnored. as was also an order issued by
Presiding Justice of the Peace Kerrigan.
transferring the case to his court, and
Cook proceeded to make an order chang
ing the minutes, nullifying the judgment
he had Figned nearly a month previous
by striking out all "reference to Joseph
Cassou.
For this arbitrary proceeding Cook was
cited before Judge Daingerfield for con
tempt, and the hearing was concluded
yesterday. Cook went on the stand and
swore that he was not served with the
writ until April 10. when a copy of the
document was handed to him by a young
man whom he did not know in the Jus
tices' clerks' office. He insisted that he
had a right to change the minutes in the
rase because he had been deceived and
suppose. l when he signed the judgment
which was prenared by the defendant
that it was against the woman alone.
P M. McOaslin. a depuf- in the office
of the County Clerk, testified that he had
served the writ on Justice of the Peace
Cook at 11:30 o'clock on the morning of
April 8. He had inadvertently left the
original as we]] as the copy in the court
room, and when he returned for It a
short time later he found Cook in his
chambers. Vpon asking the latter for the
writ Cook replied:
"Isn't it there on the table?"
Chief Deputy Goddard of the County
Clerk's office told of sending McGaslin to
serve the writ and that when he returned
ho advised him to make a note of the ser
vice and of the time, which was done.
Attorney TWgerot testified that McGas
lin came into the court room and threw
a paper on the table. After he left he.
■Rergerot. picked up the document and
saw it was a writ of prohibition. He was
positive it had not been served upon the
Justice.
Cook was recalled to the stand and de
nied emphatically that he had acknowl
edged receiving the writ at any time be
fore the 10th of April or that any such
conversation as related by McGaslin had
taken place in his chambers.
Mr. Curtin trok the stand and related
all the circumstances of the case from his
noint of view. As he left the stand Judge
Daingerfield announced that he was ready
to testify as a witness if so desired by
either side. He then stated that he had
occasion to visit Justice Cook's court
room on the morning in question. Mr.
P.ergerot was standing at the bar in the
act of addressing the court and Cook
made some remark about being imposed
uprn. That was the extent of Judge
Daingerfield's testimony as. while he said
he knew there were others present in
the courtroom at the time, he could not
say who they were.
The case was briefly nrgued hv Attor
rey Cobb for Justice Cook and Attorney
\V M Cannon on behalf of Curtin. The
latter said he did not ask that a severe
punishment be inflicted unon the Justice
for his alUcred contempt, but only that
justice be done to his client.
Judge Daingerfield in announcing his
decis : on in the matter said it was clear
to his mind that the writ had been served
before the record of the case had been
ch-irtred on the Sth of April and not on
the lOth'of April. He therefore held that
Cook was in contempt of court, but in
view of the fact that he apneared to have
acted or to have been influenced in his
Action by what he believed to be "a short
cut to justice." and In view of the request
of the opposing counsel that a minimum
punishment be inflicted, in which he con
curred, he would impose a nominal fine of
°Tn the matter of the rempdy applied
for In the writ of prohibition the court
held that the judgment should stand as
before the unlawful modification of the
judgment by the . -.stice.
WERE UNITED
IN SEATTLE
Nuptials of Miss Sophie
M. Suter and Charles
Herrington.
Miss Sophie M. Suter and Charles H.
Herrington. both of this city, were quiet
ly married on the afternoon of June 14
in Seattle at the residence of J. Ander
son, uncle of the groom. Rev. Mr. Briggs
officiated at the ceremony, after which
an elaborate bridal breakfast was served.
Mr and Mrs. Herrington, after a few
days in Seattle, will make an extended
northern trip, visiting Tacoma, Spokane,
Butte Mont., Walla Walla and all j
points of interest along the Columbia. On
their return the young couple will give
a reception at the home now being pre
pared for them in this city.
The fair bride is a talented and ac
complished young lady and especially
well known in the north end of the city,
where she owns considerable property.
Mr Herrington is a your.g business man
and is connected with the firm of A. H.
Landsberger. He is the brother of W. S.
Herrington. the well-known Oakland at
torney, formerly of the law firm of Her
rington & Warford. Oakland.
STREET CAR CASE APPEALED.
Attorney General Not Satisfied With
r Judge Seawell's Decision.
Attorney General Tirey L. Ford has
titled Attorney Herrin of the Market
Street Railway Company that he will ap
peal the case of the State Board of Rail
road Commissioners vs. the Market Street
Railway Company to the Supreme Court.
The former Board of Railroad Commis
sioners broug-ht an action against the
street car concern to compel the officers
thereof to produce Its books and papers
for Inspection by the board, the same as
the steamer lines and steam railroads of
the State. The street car company took
Issue with the Commissioners as to the
extent of the power and authority, -mak
ing the contention that a railroad and a
street car line are altogether different and
that the Commissioners had no jurisdic
tion over the latter.
The case was heard before Superior
Judge Seawell. who upheld the position of
the street car company and decided that
thp Commissioners had no Jurisdiction
over this line of carriers. Mr. Ford Is
not satisfied with this decision, hence his
appeal to the higher tribunal.
JOAN N. G. HUNTER`S WILL
Vast Estate Distributed Among Rela
tives and Friends.
The will of the late Mrs. Joan N. O.
Hunter, widow of David Hunter, who died
on the IGtti lnst.. was filed for probate yes
terday. Mrs. Hunter's estate is valued
at about $1,000,000. consisting largely of
realty located in this city.
The testament bears date of October 23.
1885, and Is witnessed by Henry Gibbons
Jr., 920 Polk street, and Morton Ray
mond Gibbons of the same address. The
bequests are as follows:
To Madge H. Smith, a niece, who
resided with Mrs. Hunter in her home
at Van Ness avenue and Ellis street.
all decedent's silverware and plate
and $50,000 in money; to Mary G.
Smith, a niece, ?50.000; to i_ary
Gowans Smith, a sister, and her chil
dren, all of decedent's diamonds and
jewelry; to David Hunter Smith, a
nephew, $10,000 and a gold watch and
crold-headed walking stick used by
David Hunter: to Mrs. Jennie Lewis.
a friend, residing in this city. $r»nno;
to Miss Carrie Morth. a friend. {2000;
to Nellie Tirrell. decedent's maid.
$2000: to Regina Gowans. a niece, the
daughter of a deceased brother, resid
ing in New York. $10,000.
The residue of the estate is devised in
equal shares to Jessie G. Sheill, a sister,
' residing ,at Ipswich. England; James
Gowans. a brother, residing at Hawick,
j Koburgshire. Scotland: Catherine G.
! Deans, a sister, residing at Hawlc.i.
I Scotland; Mary G. Smith, residing at
| Sterling. Scotland, and Dr. "William
; Gowans. a brother, residing at Mestoe.
South Shields. England. A. F. Morrison
! of the law firm of Morrison. Stratton &
| Foerster. and Oliver T?. Martin of the firm
of Madison & Burke, are named as execu
] tors, their bonds being fixed by the • e
-1 ceased at $.=O,OOO each. W. B. Cope ap
pears as attorney for the executors.
Says He Will Kill Her.
Isaac Nathan, a billposter. arjr>f>arerl be
fore Judpe Graham yesterday to answer
a charpe of threatening to kill his wife,
Nettie, who lives at .136 Poik street. She
testified that owin? to his abuse she was
compelled to leave him a few months
apo, and since then he has been follnwinsr
her on the street tellincr her he would kill
her. Several witnesses testified that
Nathan had told them he would kill his
wlf«». The case was continued until
Saturday to have the depositions sipned
by the witnesses, and the Judpe intimated
he would hold Nathan in heavy bonds to
keep the peace.
Cruelty to a Horse
P. Hartman of the San Luis Dairy "was
convicted by Judpe Treadwell yesterday
of the charge of cruelty to a horse. He
was ordered Into custody to app°ar for
sentence this mnrningr. Secretary' Hol
bronk and Asststar" Secretary Purrie of
the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Animals testified as to th^ condition
of thp horse, and the Judtre id It was
onp of the most aggravated cases he had
ever heard of.
I ADVERTISEMENTS.
A lAN FROM
MONTANA.
J. P. Smith of Bozeman, Montana, Has
a Novel Experience in San
Francisco
WHAT CAME OF ANSWERING A DOCTOR'S
ADVERTISEMENT.
A member of the numerous and much
maligned family of Smiths landed in ,
I San Francisco recently. He hailed from i
! Bozeman, Montana, and relates an cx-
i perience which might be well for all
j men to read.
"For several months past," said Mr.
I Smith, "I have been reading the vari-
I ous advertisements of Dr. Meyers & ■
; Co. in The Call. Having a physical j
weakness which was both annoying
and embarrassing I decided to write the
doctors a letter, asking for their ad-
vice and their private counselor for ,
men. In due time the mail brought me
all that I asked for and even more.
By 'more' I refer to their booklet. This
was much more valuable than I had
expected to find it. It contains, in j
compact form and in forcible yet simple \
. language, information which every man ,
should know, even if there is nothing
the matter with him.
"This correspondence If . to my tak-
ing treatment by mail. The price agreed
upon was reasonable, and so were the
terms. I paid half down, the balance
;to be held back until I was well. This
was four months ago. I am now en-
tirely cured and feel even stronger than
before that weakness nearly ruined me. '
"All this was accomplished without
seeing the doctors. I came to the city
yesterday on my way to Alaska and to i
pay the doctors what I owed them as
well as to thank them for my present
perfect health and strength."
This is only a sample of the good
work Dr. Meyers & Co. are now and
have been doing on the Pacific Coast
for many years. These specialists cure
all diseases and weaknesses of men.
They use the best and most successful
remedies and methods the world has
ever known. They have ample capital,
a large and ably managed medical in-
stitution, natural ability and the most
extensive practice in America.
They make a specialty of home cures. |
If you are, interested and cannot come
to San Francisco or call on a part of
the staff when they make their regular
monthly visits to interior towns write
for their private book, prices, terms,
etc. Pr Meyers &■ Co. are located at
731 Market street. Pan Francisco. Cal..
vh<T>> they eive advice and consulta-
tion ft-"? to all comers. Elevator
entrance.
i The Key to Health I
t Beecham's Pills *
\ A Gentle Cathartic *
£ Beecham's Pills $
J For Sick Headache, etc. J
1 Beecham's Pills >
m Annual Sale, 6,000,000 boxes. f
f 10 cents and 25 cents— Druggists, $
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
Is a Great Restorative, Invigorator and Ner-
vine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs of both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own Merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE, Agents.
323 Market street, S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR™.
"Mr. Morrison has few competitors." —
I aminer, June 20.
THIS WEDNESDAY NIGHT
AND DURING ENTIRE WEEK.
The Eminent American Actor.
MR. LEWIS MORRISON,
Supported by
Florence Roberts and White Whittlesey,
In a Historical Production of
RICHELIEU !
! Next week. "FREDERICK THE GREAT."
MATINEE TO-DAY (WED.) JUNE 21.
Parquet, any seat, 23c; Balcony. 10c; Chil-
i dren, 10c. any part.
MELVILLE and STETSON,
! Character Vocalists and Dialect Impersonators.
WM. M. CR C SSY and BLANCH DAYNE
In "Ora-riir'.e: an Opportunity.".
FRANCESCA REDDING,
Assisted by
CARLTON MACY,
In "the Duchess nt Devonshire."
TACIANU, HANLEY AND JARVIS. WART-
ENBURG BROS.. FRED NIBLO and
Mr- AY i IT AND MAY.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
COLUMBIA kßss
—
CHARLES FROHMAN PRESENTS
MR. HENRY MILLER
AND
A SPECIAL COMPANY.
LAST FOUR NIGHTS
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Henry Arthur Jones' Brilliant Comedy.
"THE LIARS!"
BefiinnitKi NEXT MONDAY—
I HENRY MILLER AND SPECIAL COMPANY.
Anthony Hope's Romantic Comedy,
' THE ADVENTURE OF THE LADY URSULA!
SEATS READY TO-MORROW MORNING.
CALIFORNIA^ THEATER.
"A very quaint, curious and artistic perform-
ance. They are all clever, pleasant people."—
Peter Robertson in the "Chronicle."
MR. OTTO KAWAKAMI
MADAME YACCO,
Supported by Twenty-five Rising Japanese Ac-
tors and Actresses.
REPERTOIRE OF SKETCHES:
SAYAATE (The Duel)). DOJOJI (1 he Ter-
n ple of Dojoji). KUSTJNOKI (The Battle of Ml-
< nato River and Kusunnkl's Farewell to His
Son)), MIHO-NO-MATSUBARA 'Dewey Day
: Celebration on the Pine-fringed Shores of
! Miho).
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
RESERVED SEATS— Orchestra. $1 50 and $1:
j Balcony. 50c to $1: Gallery. Be: Boxes. $10.
i 1 . —
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
TELEPHONE 632.
THIS EVENING
Planquette's delightful opera,
THE CHIMESof NORMANDY
OUR NEW PRICES:
', Entire Orchestra (Reserved) 3.1 c and KOe
Entire Dress Circle (Reserved) 54%*?
Entire Family Circle (Reserved) l."»o
Gallery iOo
SATURDAY MATINEE AT 2:15.
Best Reserved Seat in the House 2-"»o
i Family Circle (Reserved) 100
i Gallery 100
i Branch box office Just inside main entrance
Emporium.
1 TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
—
"A difficult ODera well done." — Examiner.
Magnificent revival of Offenbach's Merriest and
Most Tuneful Opera,
The BRIGANDS
"WE ALWAYS COME WHEN 'TIS TOO
LATE."
i MAGNIFICENT SCENERY!
PICTURESQUE COSTUMES!
A PERFECT PRODUCTION.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 O'CLOCK.
Next the Society Event— O'SULLI-
VAN. in the Romantic Comic Opera.
"SHAMUS O'BRIEN."
PRICES 25c and 50c
Telephone Bush 9
ALHAMBRA THEATER,
Corner Eddy and Jones Streets.
S. H. Friedlander, Manager.
' The LaiM Grand Italian Opera Company
| "Singing with an art and excellence the
Fills Opera Company did not equal."— Ex-
aminer. June 20th.
: LAST WEEK. :
To-n \£h t — "R I GO L TO. ' '
Thursday "THE MASKED BALL"
! Debut of the Great Dramatic Tenor, Slgnor
Ricardo Petrovich.
Friday "MANON LESCAUT"
Saturday Matinee "LUCIA"
! Saturday Night ....."GIACONDA"
Sunday "MT.GNON"
Reserved Seats — 2nC. cOc. Toe. M. $1 50. On
sale nt the ALHAMBRA and at Sherman. Clay
, & Co.'s.
...OLYMPIA...
E4dy St.. Cor. Ma<ton.
America's Most Beautiful Music Hall.
' EXTRAORDINARY NEW ATTRACTIONS,
GEO. DOBSON.
Famous Soprano and Female Impersonator.
QUERITA VINCENT,
New Songs, Costumes and Dances.
WESTON and HERBERT,
Musical Comedians. New Act.
AND 10 ALL STAR ACTS.
MATINEE SUNDAY: ADMISSION FREE.
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
CHUTES JLND ZOO.
GREAT BILL IN THE THEATER.
THE FLYING BANVARDS. STANLEY and
SCANLON and a Host of Novelties!
TO-MORROW (THURBD\Y> NIGHT
! AMATEUR MAYPOLE DANCE
PHONE FOR SEATS.- STEINER IS3I.
DdlllV GREAT REALISTIC
q, WAR PANORAMA!
Of Prof - W. G. ROLLINS.
the eminent orator,
I*/l r> „• ? -->. lectures half hourly.
iYlctrilflcl Market St., nr. Eighth.
Admission. r>Cc.
Bay! ChUdren - ««•
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M." TO 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M.
' ADMISSION me. CHILDREN sc.
j Bathtne. Inrludlntr Adml«*ion. Be; r"hll<tr»n. Me.
I Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
78
DENTAL MEN
DISCUSS TOPICS
OF THEIR CRAFT
State Association in
Convention.
INTERESTING PAPERS READ
DEMONSTRATION OF SEVERAL
IMPORTANT CLINICS.
♦
President Metcalf Appoints the
Standing- Committees — Over One
Hundred Members Are in
Attendance.
The twenty-eighth annual meeting of
the California State Dental Association ]
opened at the Y. M. C A. building yes- ]
terday morning. President F. H. Met- j
cuif of Sacramento ailed the convention ;
to order at 10 a. m., and over 100 members j
answered to the roll-call. The other offl- j
cers present were: Walter F. Lewis of
Oakland; Hrst vice president; A. F. M- r
riinan Jr. of Oakland, second vice presi
dent; A. M. Barker of San Jose, third j
vice president; W. L. King, recording j
secretary; F. L. Platt, corresponding
secretary, and C. N. Iglehart, treasurer.
The chair appointed the following com
mittees: On resolutions F. W. Bliss, J. |
W. Hays and W. A. Morse; on hours of
meeting— A. M. Barker, F. L. Platt and j
1,. Van Orden. The committee later an- ,
nounced the following order of exercises
for the session:
Wednesday— 9 to 12 a. m., reading: of
papers and reports of committees; 2 to 5
p. m., clinics; - to 10 p. m., papers and dis- i
cussion of clinics.
Thursday— 9 to 12 a, m., papers: 12 to 5
p. m., trip to Cliff House; 8 to 10 p. m., j
election of officers.
Friday— Morning, papers; afternoon, j
ciinics.
The following standing committees were
also appointed:
Pathology and Surgery— W. F. I^wis (chair- '
man), i. A. TeaKue, Q. S. Bachmaji. J. W.
Davy; w - C R< th - C. B. Hoot. W. F. Sharp.
Therapeutics— J. P. Parker (chairman). E. M. j
Porter, W. Wood. A. A. Fowler, J. G. Par- |
eons, A. I- Edwards, A. N. Copsey.
Chemistry— J- 1,. Asay (chairman), I. W.
Hays, F. K. I^dynrd. S. L.. Strickland. H. T. j
Hendricks. S. C. Mnynard. J. M. Biodgett. '
Operative Dentistry— S. E. Knowlea (chair- i
nan) H B. Brewer. T. Mortfew, W. J. Tayler, ■
J. A. \Y. Lundborsr, H. li. Copsoy a. H.
Mnrios.
Prosthetic P<*ntl?try— A. M. Barker (chair- |
nan). B. C. 8 .-.s*k<\ A. N. Dick. H. H. Rteph- |
fnson, VV. A. Moore. A. O. Hooker. C. O. Ed- |
wards.
Histology— H. P. Carlton (chairman), J. T.
Grant. D.K. Na?h. I. A Fraxer, F. H. Phil- ,
lips, C. A. Larrlson, A. 11. Wallace.
: Microscopy— A. C. Hart (chairman). J. D.
Hodgen, W. H. Evans. H. D. Noble, W. H.
Haleey, F. 1,. Cauch. W. I. Wtlcox.
Literature and Education — W. A. Knotvles ■
(chairman). L. L Dunbar, B. E. Parks. F. F.
Tebbetta, C. C. Maynard, H. M. Combs. W. J.
Prather.
OrthM.->nt!a-C. L. Ooddard (chairman). W.
P. InplfFh. Mrs E. F. Read. T. J. Frazer, J.
E. Cummines, C. Corwln. G. H. Worrell.
clinics— F. C. I'ague (chairman), W. N.
Avrry. J. 11. Hat
Procr:imni.^-F. L. Platt (chairman), R. W. ;
. Meek. <". E. Post.
Entertalnment—l*. Van -Orden (chairman), A.
H. MlUbery. W. 7.. Klnc .
I>T-al ArranKementJi— A: F. Merrli (chair
man), G. N. Van Onion. H. P. Bo.vpf.
Thirty-five applications for membership \
were received and favorably considered, j
In the afternoon some Interesting clinics !
w-.rr- demonstrated by dentists who had *
mado careful research In the subject i
matter, and practical Illustrations served j
to ndd interest to the discussions.
"The Insertion of Gold Filling. Using
Linby's Smooth Burnishers," was exem
plified by Dr. A. N. Dick of Woodland;
"The Amputation of Root in I'■ nto Al
veolar Abscess." by Dr. Cnrj'don B. Hoot. !
M. D. D. D. S., of San Francisco; "The j
Treatment for I'revention of Decay in the
Teeth, Making an Antiseptic Mouth ;'
Wash and the Microscopical Demonstra
tton of the Bacteria of the Mouth and i
Their Action on the Teeth." by A. C. !
Hart, M. I >.. D. D. S., assisted by H. It.
Freund; "Practical Exhibition of Orlgl- j
nal Adjustable Mouth Mirror," by Dr. J. i
A. \V Lundborgr.
At the evening session Vice President
Lewis took the chair and President Met- : I
calf delivered an address which proved ' '
highly interesting and Instructive. He j
discussed suhjt^cts pertinent to the pro
fession of dentistry and plans for its j
elevation. He recommended the creation ;
of a State dental prosecutor, whose duty |
it would be to secure evidence against]
illegal practitioners. He made a number j
<if ctli^r suggestions, which were after
ward discussed by Drs. Van < Irden,
Knowles. Parker, Platt. Huntington, '
M. D.; Merriman, Teague, Taylor and ■
Prather.
A paper on "Skill vs. Machinery" was j
rr :»d by Russell Hopkins Cool, D. D S., !
in which he argued that tho teeth could I
bo restored to th<"ir natural position much I
more satisfactorily by the employment of j
silk ligatures than by the various me- |
chanlcal devices made of metal or other |
material. By the use of charts he showed ;
thf- methods of using silken thread in j
orthndont'a.
The session ■will l;r> rr=umcfl th!? morn
when papers will lm read
hy W. A. Knowles, M. D., and J. Foster
: D. S
AFTER THE DOLLARS.
The Members of the Finance Com
mittee Assigned to Duty.
The •: • general rehearsal of the
Fourth of July chorus will take place this
evening: at Terhau's Tavern on Mason
Ft reet. The use of the larpo assembly
hnll has been donated to the committee
fur tho purpose of the rehearsals. The
members of the finance committee have
nil been assigned to the collection of
funds nmonK the business men of the
city. They have been divided up into
Bub-commltteea and each sub-committee
has been assigned to a certain class. The
sub-committees are as follows:
Wholesale boot anrl Fhoe dealers and printers
snrt tanneries— John T. Sullivan, Grattan I)
I'hlliips and .Tii?t!s K. Krumm.
Railroad rnmj.any and City Hall— George H
Fletcher and W. .T. Harrin. '
Hotels, restaurants and barber shop*— Fred
Plageman, Frank Marston and Rube Hark.
Saloons nnd cigar dealer* (retail)— Bert Xa-
Fr. n . William Stephen, William Bcndt and J.
A. Dlnue.
R^al c.^tntp and contractors T. E. Treacey
>. S. Baldwin and Georce 8. Graham.
Markets and produce and Hnhennen— A. Pala
dinl. A. For] era and I. lacharri.
Xortli Beach business men— Dan Crowley l
A. FUv and Jnhn & hi.
Potrero— R. J. Welsh and A. W. I^hrko.
Whole-sale butchers and downtown merchants
— F. 1,. Potts. I. Blum and Senator S. M. Bett
mnn. ~- f -.-;
Wholesale grocers and liquor dealers— J. M.
M'llkins, A. W. Lehrke, Charles Kapp and C
M. Fis!-er.
Iwßre. shippins and lumber — Henry
Rvan. Percy 1... Hen It ri and James n
O'Hrien.
Hanks and insurance— J. Truman. A. G.
Pl.-itt nnd W. G. Jobson.
MisHlon busings? men and Pan Mntr>o Rail
road—G us tave Bchnee, Chris Stader, Ulrich
BcraenFfierdT, Thomas O'Dwyer, John Welsse
and K. S. Harri i
Grand Testimonial Concert.
A testimonial benefit will be tendered
rman Bisters at Odd Fellows'
this evening:. There will be mm■
. mirth and rminif. and a dt-liphtful
redicted for those who attend.
At the conclusion of thp mnsirjil pro
gramme about 10:15 o'clock dancinp will
• ontlnue for Beveral hours.
r Waterman are wfll-known
ra In San Francisco and their vocal
have delighted many audiences,
will render choir.' selections this
a will be assisted in entertain
her favorites of the city. The
lon will be appreciated by lovers of
Favor Strattoi Primary Law.
The Forty-fourth District Democratic
Club met last night In Washington Hall,
r of Union and Stockton streets.
J'"n> presided and James \\\
I '-•■■:■ :ary.
The principal business of the meeting
the adoption of deprecat
ing any att-mpt that may be made to set
BMdo the Stratton primary election law.
which is regarded as the only remedy to
correct the abuses tiiat have existed in
Die past In the shape of pi*ce clubs and
the handling' of the party organisation by
trick nnd device-.
The chairman wa? empowered to ap
point a committee of three to confer with
a like committee of ail the other Demo
cratic clubs now organized and to be or
ganized and to provide ways and means
to frustrate any movement to nullify the
ISWi
.Similar resolutions were ndoptod by the
Twenty-eighth Assemoly District Demo
cratlc Club at their rooms, UT Natoma
street. George Brldgewood 1s« president of
the club and Timothy Ryan secretary.
Suspected of Robbing Mails.
A man giving the name of Josepn
I^wls was arrested last night by Detec
tives Dlnan and Reynolds and placed on
the detinue book at the California street '
station. He is supposed to be the person
wanted for having robbed a number it
mall boxes in this city recently. In his
room was found a number of packages
■which had been mailed to different per
sons, and Lewis is said to have admitted
that he has been engaged in such thefts
recently.
Amonp the fabulous details respect- !
Ing the fortune bequeathed by the late (
Nubar Pasha, to which the French
Journals uiul some English ones have!
given currency, the most misleading
is that which states that a considerable
legacy fails t«r the distressed Armen
ians. The report is without foundation, j
It seems hardly credible that a de
signer of dresses Bhould be receiving;
bigger salary than one of Queen Vie-
POLL TAX COLLECTOR AND BANK ATTACHE IN A MIX-UP.
toria's Judpes. It is stated, however, on
g 1 authority, that a fashionable dress
designer in the West End of London
s on an average between $2
and $30,000 a year.
• ♦ .
Tin is one of the oldest known metals.
The Chinese have used it in the fabri
cation of their brasses and bronzes
from time immemorial.
; I ■
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Grand Remedy for All Weakness!
The Electrical Ex- <r~c~^^\ This is a Battery Belt,
position which was r^% v- v .;,
opened in Ital May WhiCh worn over the
20th by King Humbert i^K§JS^^^^^"* main nerve center >
commemorates the first ' ■ j>/^^3w^4d^( r * sends its healing cur-
Voltaic-Pile Battery by J^^U^^^^^St^3r\ rent through the entire
Alexander in 1800. <fe. %^tsw^^^^^Mm p^ o + . ... „
To that discoverer the 1 j & J^^^^Pl,^^^ SyStem and llterall V
world owes the sub- (^|p ;■ ■r ; r ' '^9^^^^ drives out the disease,
lime developments of j^^^O^^^^£^|K^?^^^^^J is the one sure rem-
Electric Science for the l^^^^&f^^^^^S^ edy for Weak Kidneys,
past 100 years, one 25s XA/ . o± J J
great outgrowth of r#^ S=- Weak Stomach, Weak
which is *' W~ "* Back, Weak Nerves !
DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT!
Don't starve your vitality. Nature intended you. to be strong and well. .Neglect of what seemed but a trifling ail-
ment has wrecked many a life which might have been carried on to old age. The man whose vital force is wasted is
miserable himself and an affliction to others. Get back your strength.
ELECTRICITY THROUGH DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S BELT
Is the best and safest invigorator ever used. It tones up the weakened nerves and organs and strengthens the muscles and
tissues. Ihis is the power which makes a man feel the vigor and buoyancy of youth— old man bowed in pain or the
weak man run down by vital losses is gone and replaced by a strong, healthy body, full of new life and energy. The fol
lowing testimony is given by Mr. M. O'Connor, 2824 Bush street, San Francisco, May 30th. It is in gratitude for his re"
covery and to guide others who suffer. ■;;.;-
mend sour Belt to all sufferers, feeling sure it will do us you say. Yours very sincerely, sr ill
mend your Belt to all sufferers, feeling sure It will do as you say.. Yours very sincerely, I? OWNl? recom -
IX CURES WHILE YOU SLEEP.
o^e^LToTa'ne^^e^^r^.'or'r/dSs hlffi »>™ ™™« >""< ffi $*£?& ±
DR. M. A. MCLAUGHLIN 7 Market St, cop. Keaniy, su
THE SAX FRAKCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 21, 1899.
McGLYNN MIXES
WITH A POLL
TAX COLLECTOR
Hibernia Bank Clerk
Arrested.
WARRANTS FOR THIRTY MORE
DODGE'S MEN HAVE TROUBLE
MAKING COLLECTIONS.
Took Heroic Measures Yesterday
and Created a Little Scene at
Jones and McAllister
Streets.
One employe of the Hlbernia Bank was
arrested yesterday afternoon for refusal
to pay his poll tax or to give his name to
nne of Assessor Dodge's deputies when
requested to do so. The other thlrtj
who showed a like disposition will be ar-
I this morning if they persist in th-ir
evident Intention of evading the tax.
Charles J. McGlynn, a well-known hand
ball player, is the first result of the As
sessor's downcoming on the brink, lie
w;is picked out from all the others for the
reason that he coupled his refusal to
oblige the deputies with his name with I
a demonstration of his intention to do |
bodily harm to one of them. He was
placed under arrest by Patrolman Sam ■
! Uankin on a warrant sworn out before ,
j Police Judge Graham by Frank Putman, i
' chief collector in the Assessor's office, j
i who was still smarting under the treat- ;
j ment he and his assistants had received ■
! earlier in the day from McGlynn and |
I other attaches of the bank.
For three months, according to Asses- :
Bor Dodge, men from his office have been !
trying to collect poll tax from the at- \
taches of the bank. During that time
they have visited the other banks of the
city and have had no trouble in obtaining
from the management the names of the ■
employes. At the Hibernia Bank Secre- '
| tary Tobin refused to give the names of
the attaches, informing- the collectors that
! the men were there and that they were at
; liberty to get their names from their own
ers. On approaching the men personally
I and displaying their badges of office the
; deputies were given what is termed in
spurting parlance "the horse laugh."
Smarting under this treatment, it was
determined, under instructions from Dr.
Dodge, to make a last attempt at collec
tion. With this in view. Chief Collector
Putman and his assistants— Deputies
Pratt and Vandeveer— took -.up their stand
• in front of the bank buildirjg at half-past
8 o'clock yesterday morningl PJtman and
Vandeveer stationed themselves at the
main entrance and Pratt took his place
at the entrance on Jones street. As the
clerks came along they -were stopped and
risked their names. Half a dozen of them
had answered, some of them had skipped
' out of danger's way when they saw the
■ collectors of the head tax, when along
i came McGlynn. He headed straight for
; the Jones-street kntranee and was about
to pass in when Pratt tapped him on the
arm. informed him who he was and asked
■ for his name. M< Glynn bridled up at once
a pass at the deputy, which that
official smothered but did not return, he
having, with the others, received Instruc
: tlons to keep cool under all circumstances.
McGlynn then backed off from Tratt and,
jumping into the door, addressed some one
behind him, saying, "Give me my pun."
I Then he disappeared inside and was not
I seen again by the Assessor's deputies un
til the warrant was served upon him.
Deputies Putman and Vandeveer had
i but little better success than Pratt, hav
-1 ing succeeded in getting the names of but
; nine of the forty odd employes of the i
i bank, eight of these having already paid ,
; the tax for this year. After hearing
I Pratt's story of his mix-up with Me- |
! Glynn, whose name they did not know,
! the three deputies resolved to report at
! once to the Assessor. When Dr. Dodge
i heard their story he was very wroth and
! contemplated an immediate descent upon
j the bank and a wholesale arrest of the
recalcitrants. He modified this Intention
later by ordering Putman to swear out a
"John "Doe" warrant for the arrest of
Pratt's assailant, announcing his inten
; tion of going after the others refusing to
I divulge their names to-day.
Owing to the inability of the Assessor s
i deputies to find a Police Court clerk be
' tween the noon hour and 3 o'clock, they
: had to cool their heels in the halls until
Police Judge Graham came along and
issued the warrant, which was served ;
afterward on McClynn. His case win be |
set for hearing this morning.
Assessor Dodge was of the opinion that
Secretary Tobin, despite the fact that he
is a Police Commissioner, was guilty of
a misdemeanor in refusing to give the
names of the employes of the bank. He
thought Tobin was guilty, at any rate, of
offering a technical obstruction to the
tax collectors. That portion of the poll
tax law which the Assessor thought
would apply to such a case reads as rol
• lows:
434 — Every person who, when requested by
' the Collector of taxes or licenses, refuses to
give such Collector the name and residence of
; each man in hi? employment or to give to
such Collector access to the building or place
i where such men are employed, is guilty ot
: a misdemeanor.
Whether or not any action will be taken
1 against Mr. Tobin depends upon the out
: come of the cases against McGlynn and
the others who will be arrested if they
fail to pay up.
DRIVING ASSOCIATION'S
RACES ARE ALL FILLED
Programme of Trotting Events to Be
Held at Oakland Track Inde
pendence Day.
The members of Golden Gate Park Driv
ing Association met last night and ar
ranged the classes in which their horses
Will trot at the meeting on July 4. l'h«
races will he held on the Oakland track
and no admission fee will be charged. A
purse of $100 is offered in each event. T.ho
entries are as follows:
Free-for-all— F. C. O'Kane's Roar.
Wilkes, G. W. Berry's Chris Peterson,
Albert Joseph's Primrose, J. R. Coon's
Plunkett. H. F. Patrick's; i "atlnka.
Charles Newman's Butcher Boy.
2:30 class— L. Richardson's Baby D,
F. C. D' Kant's Peanuts, H. H. Dun
lap's King Cadenza, George W. Keis
er's Alto Velo. Albert Joseph's Carrie
C, M. Curley'a Prince C, N. A. Hat
tua's Correct, R. A. Auzerais' Mattle
B, M. A. Hammond's Guy Vernon.
2:1" class— L. Richardson's Kthel H.,
J. O'Kane's Bandown, E. Stewart's
Billy McKinley, J. W. Hamerton's
Faifmount Prince, T. Miller's Lee
Rose.
2:50 clnss— E. Aigeltinger's 'Nellie
Campbell, J. C. Kirkpatrick's Lullaby,
W. C. Hamerton's Genera! Smith. D.
T. Miller's Sweet Peas. H. \V. Miller's
Lady Falrose, Dr. Lame's Blanch L,
H. F. Patrick's A B P, J. G. Chesley's
Bobbie P.
Cup race— R. F. Gallagher's Admiral
Dewey, J. C. Ohlandt s Harvey B,
WIll!a"m C. Hamilton's Prince Howard,
Dr. George w. Leek's Dentlna.
Butchers' race— G. Torri's oirl Jim,
G. Tassi'e Headlight, R. c.msani's
Zeph. Lou Weiner's , A. Consanl's
Jack.
The OpJjjino! Little Louisiana C ( ». of San
Francisco — Drawing dune 17, 1899.
No. RM39 wins J7500, Bold in Pp.n Francisco;
No. S c 3'j: wins {2000, sold in San Franoiaco;
No. 4<D7s wins 11000, Bold In Snn Francisco;
No. G9392 wins $500. sold !:i San Francis. -o and
Oakland; Nos. '*' nn^l 65824 each wins $250 -
in Pan Francisco: Nos. 4380, 14057, 5&4.',.",. 65183,
661<">4 each winF t\ nci , sold In San Francisco, I>>s
Angeles. Cal., anii Reno, Nev, •
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday. June 20.
P»mr Santa Cruz. Olsen, ICS hours from
Seattle.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FORT BRAGG- Sailed June Stmr Sequoia,
for Ban Francisco.
BOWEN6 LANDING— June 20— Schr
Bender Bros, for San Francisco.
Cats, large and small, make the most
careful toilet of any class of animals ex
cepting some of the opossums. The lion
and tigers wash thf-msdves in exactly the
same manner as the cat, wetting the dark"
lndlarubber-Hke ball nf the fnrefu.it and
Inner toe and passing it over the face and
behind thp ears. The foot Is thus at the
same time a face sponge and brush and
the rough tongue combs the rest of the
! body.
A correspondent cf the I>ondon Dally
News notes the growth of the u.«fi of Eng
lish on the Continent. Wherever he went
he was able to converse with statesmen
and diplomats in his native tongue. He
found that as a rule the governing
classes in Europe would understand and
speak English. In the Russian Royal
family .•specially, English Is the familiar
language of conversation.
LIST OF PRIZES.
OFFICIAL DRAWING
—OF THE—
Honduras National Lottery Co,
LOUISIANA STATE LOTTERY.
[PATENT APPLIED FOR.]
Slnftle Number, Class "F," Drawn at
Puerto Cortez, Honduras, C. A., on Satur-
day, dune 17, 1899.
No. Prize. No. Prize. Nx Prize
19 40 173 16; 185 24
254 161 257 241 326 24
345 24 404 lOW) 676 24
707 .... 24 765 16: &18 40
810. 16 ; 937 16, 1024 24
1070 16 l 1133 16 1229 M
123S 161 1286 161 1677 lb
1684 16, 1760 80 1765 24
1981 40 1970 16 1399 16
2126 161 2140 24 2154 24
2308 16 2224 16 2363 40
2625 16; 2659 24, 2734 24
2798 40' 2506 40, 2944 16
3213 1C : 3268 24, 3450 16
3467 18 3514 24 1 3627 16
3X21 24! 3846 24 3865 16
3869 16 4027 24 4051 16
4163 16, 4350 400. 438S SO
4416 40 4543 SO 4654 16
4753 16 4759 24, 4793 24
(801 16 4*49 40, 5147 24
5162 161 5249 24! 5266 16
5319 24 1 5345 24; 5615 24
5523 16 6956 16| 5954 16
6054 241 6088 16 6247 24
6252 16 6352 16( 6400 40
6433 24 6453 40|.646S 80
6526 40 6536 40. 6548 40
6588 80 6856 16 j 6SS4 16
6901 16' 7217 40 7228 24
7265 16 7328 16] 7376 60
7416 24 7662 24, 7793 24
7808 16 7909 16 7984 SO
5077 40 8101 SO 8159 40
5169 SO 8427 16 8446 11
8510 80 8683 16 8668 40
S7OS 161 8741 40 SK73 80
8990 16 9075 24 9141 16
9315 16 9464 24 9729.. . v 40
10135 24110141 24|10455 16
10536 16 10575 24 i 10706 24
10808 .. 24 L 0928 16 11000 16
11023 24111426 15 114*2 16
114S8 16:11633 4" 11722 80
11839 16:11923 11963 24
12041 16 12088 16,12093 40
12142 24 121SS 16,12234 24
12294 24 12481 SO 12561 24
12600 24;12655 16:12659 40
12706 16 12768 40 12856 24
12899 16 12967 40 13056 18
13100 24113221 18 1323$ 24
13271 16 13279 16-13420 16
13650 24 i 13687 16,13916 SO
14043 16114057 14105 120
14175 24114464 16 1448? 16
14596 >" 14616 16 14896 80
14782 40j11H14 24114981 40
15000 24115004 24 15078 2!
15195 16 15409 SO 10558 24
15692 24 15895 120 15994 80
16134 ¥' 16366 24 16370 16
16371 40 10379 40 16512 16
16540 24 16542 16 16557 16
16607 4016626 120 167*2 80
16930 24,17064 16 17107 16
17153 16 17158 16 17391 40
17524 16 17584 40 17713 40
1772." 120 17764 1617756 16
17994 16 18018 24118259 24
18402 24 18486 16 18596 16
18925 24 18931 4018932 24
19011 16 16073 16 19346 16
19383 80 19544 40 19699 16
19752 16 19856 1619869 16
20034 40 20097 16:20218 16
20260 16 20287 16 20462 16
2052$ 16 20589 16 20789 40
20888 20910 16 21140 24
21171 24 21349 40 21370 SO
21571 21615 2412165S 16
21721 1621781 1621937 24
22020 22098 16 122240 40
22302 16 22323 24 22431 40
22544 1622669 40 226"6 40
22952 4022987 18 23104 40
23174 24 231 78 16*23227 16
23319 24 23356 80 23384 16
23520 4023663 16 23831 40
23881 12023901 16 23943 16
24142 24362 16:24420 16
24438 40 24450 24604 16
24543 24678 40 ! 24685 SO
247*7 • 16123032 16 25253 24
25254 1625301 16 26308 24
25469 24 26883 26868 24
25872 4026904 16128936 16
25968 40 2614S 411 26162 24
26155 4026262 40 26476 24
26506 16 ! 28609 4026758 16
26979 40126999 40 27107 16
27284 16127425 16127573 24
27681 24127702 4027720 16
27779 24 27802 16J2785S 16
27903 40:28053 24.28128 24
28202 24 28440 16J25495 16
28738 28862 16128879 16
2SSOS 40 28907 16 28311 18
28919 16 29037 120 29141 24
29294 2429340 16 1 29374 24
29392 24 23400 24:29447 16
25792 1629957 24!
30216 1630583 16 30598 16
?ofiS6 16 30699 24130713 40
£0732 16 30998 18 31043 24
31341 1631688 8031714 120
31732 1631764 16 31760 18
31777 8031804 80 31833 16
31836 8031862 40 81896 24
31910 24131992 24:32011 24
32083 IS 32166 24 32264 24
32357 2432381 16132412 2-1
82423 24132432 16 32523 40
32618 40 32629 16:32952 40
33145 16 33233 163 3288 40
33345 24133459 24 33551 18
337*9 1838930 4Q3J953 16
33978 16:34018 16 34070 24
34122 16 34136 16 34282 12 I
84298 12i>IS44ne 24 3473S 24
34773 16134898 16 34978 24
35040 4013504" 40 35124 40
36146 40,35391 24(35448 24
35468 24135526 80 35573 24.
86688 4036197 2436294 16
36333 16 36445 16:36467 SO
36669 18 36766 40 36.814 15
86967 24137027 16 37151 24
37192 18137213 16 ! 37216 18
37253 16 372>3 24 37333 24
37472 24137573 161,37763 40 1
38181 16 38246 16135253 16
38307 16 35378 88393 40
35641 4038648 16 38654 80
38730 18J58767 16.38771 16
38512 1638960 24 38978 18
39007 16 33013 40,39103 16
39156 24 39218 40 39294 16
39320 120,33372 40 39385 16
39413 16 39481 16139483 16
39629 161396.54 16139722 24
39960 4039972 16139995 24
40079 24140226 16140302 16 I
40596 40 40621 16,40891 80
40701 16 41059 1641102 16
41176 24,41630 24 41662.. 80
41704.. 40 41732 16 41766 24
41807 42101 24 42164 120
42208 24142224 16 42287 16
42494 24 42501 24 42522 40
42653 16 ! 42542 40 42977 16
43027 8043115 24143238 16
43245 1643420 40 43453 24
48538 24143627 24 53754 80
43521 24 4356S 16 43877 16
43979.. 40 -44000 40 44012 24
44151 40 44170 lfi 441>-7 ](
44195 16 44293 120 44578 4000
44730 44774 40 44864 40
44940 40146066 40 45266 24
46286 16 45297 40:46309 40 !
45605 1845852 16 45521 18
45823 16:45875 80 j 46064 80
6129 24146137 16146165 24
46197 16 46306 16*6445 SO
46464 40 46621 16146741 16
46827 24|46830 16146541 80
1897 24 46928 40 47079 16
47190......... 1647225 24 47320 16
47384 40 47473 16 47499 16
47609 47701 16 47808 16
7833 40 47942 24'45n3G... . 40
8056 1648085 21 45109... 16
48128 24 4*341 16 4*357 '.. 40
484*3 2448485 16 4*576 16
48826 2414<i941 24 49064 16
49230 16 49354 24 49269.. 16
49519 24 49554 24149655 "" 24
49560 80 49571 40 49579!!!!!!." 80
0004 40 50125 16150273 16
50863 1650461 24 50467 .','. 16
60487 120150620 80 60680....!!!! 16
50601 2450898 2150705 ' 24
60738 12051028 16 81189 !!!!!! i«
5131.'. 16 51456 16 51300 Jo
61529 1051002 40i51H«0. 24
61969 2461973 18152009 '" 16
52159 24 52573 40 52617.... so
2701 40 52706 2452707 SO
28« 24 62983 16 532 is:::::::: 16
•'?2T6 24 53372 16 53514 . {«
H£24 40 53589 16 53646 16
53J8 < 18)63820 33931 24
•: 411 " 54203 1654222.... 40
54431 24 54519 1C 54524... 16
545H6 40|e4347 40134915 ...'."" SO
*92« 14 NM 16155416 ! ! ! ! ! "! 16
«66« 2156885::; 24 55662..:::: 24
'■;•■■ 1655836 4055935 40
6068 « 66121 24156128 16
2468382 1613644", !! ! 16
MM 40|E6fi!)i 1867001 18
57023 16157033 40 57103 16
•■-': -: 16 57236 16 57250 24
"283 2157335 16 57429."::::: 24
>7552 40 57556 2157568 24
<?os 80 57679 40 570S4:::::::: 24
"2 16 57888 80 57903 40
?;*£9 24 58021 58023 16
fSI* 0 . ••• 16 58179 16 58224 80
? 84 ,-? 2468521 24 58815 16
58345 24 59097 16 59177 24'
5»2?1 16 59314 24 59401 . 24:
1*56 400159466 24 59473 16
59«» 24 59622 16 59626 24
590,9 1659779 24 59784 24
2* 40K>S2S 16 59832 40
59545 80:59854 24 1
60018 24 60099 16 60259 16
lV:;: " 40 60334 246.'.-,."..; 4U
60650.... 80 60788 40(605.»7 1C
j6'9.,,. 40 60960 40(6098*..- 16
6ln "'-l • 16 61OS0 16 61192 24
61310 16 61334........ 16 61473 SO
6lM '3 16)61880 16 61932 16
fl ft ! B 40i62015 16 62067 24
6210 16162111 16162113 16
62142 80 62200 40162234 24
62257 16162709 1616271S ■ 04
840 lfi|62S4« 16J62538 16
62961 80 63044 40(6314».... 24
63198 2463265 24 63266 16
g»g 16163343 24 63350 16
f' ' 16 63751 16163750 So
««•" ■ 80 64372........ 24164469 40
LIST OF PRIZES.
No. Prize. [No. Prize. |No. Prize
64453 16|84566 40164599 16
04776 16161779 24 64827 16
64551 40J64575 18 64894 40
64920 24,64927 16(65183 400
65184 65337 16 65433 21
65442 24,65465 80 65716 18
65727 24|65824 1000:66002 24
66104 40i)|66216 16:66255 16
66269 80166301 24 66469 50
66652 24 6C6."> 16 66766 16
66801 £0 66902 66953 16
67022 40 67056 67068 16
67096 16:67511 16 67634 16
67639 2 1 j 67630 67908 lfi
68027 40168056 40 65074 16
68083 16 68174 24 1 68179 24
68387 8068741 2168893 40
G8969 16 69041 16 69177 4C
69277........ 4069333 *" 69334 4"
69392 2000 69507 80 69384 8
69693 80,69694 16 69800 4"
69825 16 6&914 16 6994! V
70114 70126 16 7'.>1f.4 24
1 70267 16 70344 40 70364 4'
; 70566 16'7(i<551 40170694 4
70719 1670783 16 70807 4C
1 71030 16 71224 16,71233 16
71313 16 71370 1671450 4C
1 71469 24 71771 40 71884 4 -
-1 71939 2472042 24 72127 2!
72133 8072500 72319 16
; 72323 1672408 16172445 24
72639 72665 16 72690 81
1 72738 24172792 16 72860 10
I 72921 16 72934 16 73008 16
73203 16 73243 16173246 1?
7328S 16 73341 24 73433 16
, 73691 2473719 120:73898 ... 16
73991 1673997 24174028 4J
741P9 24 74419 16 7442! V
74604 80 74815 80 74670 16
74674 24 74857 24 74861 4C
74893 4074949 40 75025 1«
75068 4075067 40175223 41
75227 40175372 16 75 ■ ■'- 24
75454 16 75468 4' 75- 16
75744 76842 24|75547 ... 24
75970 24 76049 40J76-151 24
76136 16(76303 24:7637:' .... 40
I 76431 167615.9 80)76514 ... 80
76601 40i76819 801772 is
77252 80.77291 80 774 b 80
77490 . (0 77504 16:77;.!.' is
77627 1677636 16 77660 .... 16
77845 1677568 16 78005 40
78018 78 138 24178175 . 24
78218 16 78297 24|78354.'. H
7841 1678417 16178431 M
78567 18 78767 16178814 .... ■■;
78858 40 78890 24 78977 16
79012 16 79034 40 79152 SO
79282 10 79800 16 79526 . 24
79578 24179606 80 79 ( >82 IS
79704 16 80012 24 80317... !6
><0344 4O;8O478 16180539 lfi
80566 80180616 24 80729 \
80754 1C *" r 16 81127 '.'.
81162 16181245 16|81S8S . 24
51445 24 51471 16181558 •>
81567 2 1 81623 40181659 :■,
S11«6 4081692 1651722
81772 1«;51756 18 1 81854
81883 M 81914 12082009 _•
82154 16 82194 16 82202 2
822U 24|52217 120182240 4
82305 24 82362 16|82590 :•
82727 1682740 24182835 16
83190 .... ■ 53803 16 83362 16
83407 M. 83447 16 83450 16
83551 24 83741 40 83795 !•
84162 120184166 16|84224 If
84390 16 : 54427 16184474 24
84480 4084481 40 84492 21
84524 1684561 24 ! 84554. ...;... 40
84625 24 ! 84662 24181788 16
84902 80185131 16.85213 SO
85275 80 85324 55536 80
85570 2485753 24185866 40
8586S 508:,916 16:85969 40
86066 120 86162 .... 24
86365 40J88842 16J87200 24
57276 24 87513 40 87582 24
87831 24 88087 21 SSIS2 ' 16
85209 40J88356 1« 58392.... SOW
85439 30000 88494 80 88604 16
88751 24155843 2455913 21
SS94O 16 88978 16155990 .... SO
S?002 , 24J59021 16 89051 24
89154 24 89177 40189204 16
83259 80 89287 40J89339 16
89369 24 >:• ;-;2 40 89654 24
89675 16189725 16189957 24
90034 24;f^lOS 24190111 24
90198 90268 120 90462 16
90521 lfi 'SOßS* 16J90723 80
90725 80190747 40190892 16
I 91108 16|91367 4' 91474- 16
191559 16191703 1691735 24
91740 16191967 16:92009 16
92071 24 92104 16 92153 40
92254 4092271 4" ■.-'2279 24
I 92305 16:92434 16192700 SO
' 92M9 10 92898 24*93017 16
93047 24 93131 1C'93151 16
i 93160 40 93243 16:93282 16
i 93133 1693563 24193653 2t
93859 24 ! 93883 16193924 24
1 94«>22 16 ; 94045 16 : 94131 BO
: 94214 24 94869 16 95000 16
05041 16:9. ,074 40195125 24
| 95377 2495654 16 95774 24
'■ 95810 40195815 40 95885 24
95987 80 96128 24 96167 120
96189 16:96252 1696270 16
96534 24 9SSBS 16 96627 1>".
96710 4097002 161974543 16
97151 16 9744*; 1697545 16
97730 12095041 16198066 80
98135 K95246 16 98252 80
j 95349 84198360 24i9540S 24
98722 U[98828 16 98983 40
99099 24199118 16 99164 40
. 99197 24199427 120 99516 120
99567 16:99599 120 99755 18
! 99789 24! I
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
100 numbers from 85389 to SB4S9 inclusive, he-
ing 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of $30,000— $40.
100 numbers from 88S4J to 55442 Inclusive, be-
ing 51 numbers on each side of the number
j drawing the capital prize of $8000— $24.
100 numbers from 44528 to 4462? inclusive, be-
in? 50 numbers on each Bide of the number
drawing the capital prize of $4000—
TERMINAL, PRIZES.
I 999 numbers ending; with 39, being the two
! last figures of the number drawing the capital
; prize of 130,000— 58.
999 numbers ending with 92. being the two
last figures of the number drawing- the second
capita] prize of 18000— ■
The subscriber, having supervised the singls
number drawing, class F, Honduras National
Lottery Company, hereby certifies that the
above are the numbers which were this day
I drawn from the 100,000 placed in the wheel,
I with the prizes corresponding to them.
Witness my hand at Puerto Cortez, Honduras,
C. A., this Saturday, June 17, 1899.
W. S. A HELL. Commissioner.
$15,000 FOR $1. HALF OF FIRST CAPITAL.
PRIZE.
1 State of New York, City and County of New
York.
Aaron Jacobs, being duly sworn, deposes and
says that he resides at 24 Henry street, and his
' tailor shop is at 43 Attorney street. New York
! City, borough of Manhattan, that he is the
] bona fide holder of one-half ticket No. 32482,
I class E, from Honduras National Lottery Com-
; pany, the drawing of which was held on Satur-
day, May 13, 1599, at Puerto Cortez. Honduras,
C. A., which drew the first capital prize of $30,-
-000, and that he received the money in full.
AARON JACOBS.
Subscribed and sworn to this 20th day of May,
1899, before me. NATHAN COHEN (59),
Notary Public. New York County.
$15,000 FOR $1, HALF OF FIRST CAPITAL
PRIZE.
: State of Illinois, County of Peorla— ss.
On this 26th day of May, A. D. 1 <! 99. per-
-1 sonally appeared before the undersigned, a
Notary Public within aforesaid county and
: State, Charles T. McElwee, a resident of Us*
' city of Peoria. in county and State aforaiafl.
who, being du>y sworn, states on oath that he
! is the bona fide holder and owner of half ticket
! No. 32482 (thirty-two thousand four hundred and
j eighty-two) of the Honduras National Lottery
! Company (Louisiana State Lottery Company),
' class E. drawing May 13, 1899. which half ticket
i drew one-half of the capital prize of thirty
j thousand dollars ($30,000) drawn by whole ticket
I of the same number (the amount drawn by said
j half ticket being the sum of $15,000) at said
! drawing, which was held at Puerto Cortez.
' Honduras, C. A . and that Bald half ticket was
j paid upon presentation.
I CHARLES T. McELWEE, 101 Elliott st.
! Witness: THOMAS E. P.T'LGER.
KATIE A: HORAN.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 26th
' day of May. A. I' 1839.
1 FREDERICK P. BLOSSOM, Notary Publio.
■ $4000 FOR $1, HALF OF SECOND CAPITAL.
PRIZE.
CHICAGO. May 22, 1199.
I hereby certify that 1 have received this day
i four thousand dollars ($4000) on one-half ticfesit
1 No 51550. class E, in the Honduras National
, Lottery Company. CARL SEIDEL.
342 Thirty-second street.
I Witness: FRED HANS. 3112 Wabash aye.
I Sworn to and subscribed before me this 22d
day of May. A. V. 1899.
GUSTAV A. JOSEPH, Notary Public.
Original of foregoing affidavits held by Presi-
dent of Honduras National Lottery Company
(Louisiana State Lottery Company).
THE WEEKLY CALL
©/ It Publishes the Cream of th«
J News of the Week and
cJ MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
©/ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°S IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
©< PAPER ON TMB
J PACIFIC COAST
3 "V / *
J The Best N. / Mining
~j Telegraphic \ > / News That
°\ Service on /N. Is Accurate
ol The Coast / \&uptod*t«
©< / X m
a Not a Line of It Sensational
or Faky, and Not a Line c*
It Dry or Uninteresting*KILBURN SCHEMES A
RAID ON THE STATE
Plan to Abolish the Harbor Pile-
Driving Plant.
An Effort Being Made to Thrnst a New Parasite
Upon the Treasury— An Interesting Meeting of
the Board of Harbor Commissioners.
Harbor Commissioner Paris Kilburn gave notice yesterday
to his associates on the board that he intends to urge that all fu
ire pile driving on the water front be done by contract. The
mnouncement of Commissioner Kilburn is of general public in
'■ If the change suggested by him is made the State will
be forced to sacrifice the benefits of a heavy investment in pile
drivers, and will be placed at the mercy of private contractors,
in whose behalf the change is suggested.
The innovation proposed by Commissioner Kilburn is be
ing resisted by Commissioners Harney and Herold, who main
tain that the proposed change cannot but work an evil to the
State. There is more than a usual significance to the proposi
tion made by Commissioner Kilburn in the fact that a certain
member of the Republican State Central Committee has recent
. become financially interested in the business of pile driving.
politician enjoys the confidence and support of Governor
I rage, who appointed Paris Kilburn to his present official posi
ti< m.
If the Harbor Commissioners -were to sacrifice their pile
driving plant and have the work which it now does performed
under private contract the friend of Governor Gage would find
open an avenue of reward in his new investment. The field is
an exceptionally remunerative one. Contracts would he let to
the lowest bidder, but in the shuffling of official cards the lowest
... crally a favorite.
The purpose of the scheme is so apparent that success is
' kely to follow the attempt. The exigencies of water front
work in pile driving on the various wharves make it imperative
that the State own its own plant. A great deal of money has
been invested; in the plant now owned by the State and it is not
able that it will be sacrificed to pay a political debt.
The Harbor Commissioners held quit'
b llv. ly c.-ppion yesterday. Chairman Kil
•'':<■> ball r>>l!!ng when u
notified < 'nmmissioners Harney and Her
■ • meeting of the board
he would make a motion to the • H
that all pile driving work on the front
be done by <^>rnract in th>> future. Now
the S1 driving plants
nnd nearly all the employes are Demo
crats, BO the notification was not a
•wo l N mi
■ -
the proposition on that
ut simply on the question of
my. Mr. Kilburn held that the
•••■•• money by letting the
ntract, while Messrs. Har
] that the sav
doubtful n and
■ work would make the sch< me
a losing on< tl ■■ >vg run.
"I h the i f engineer 1
• tho furnishing
n the water front fur
• • s. and at the next
ng I will ■ ■ • bida be adver-
Cl :;rraan Kil
. and "1 think that
. have
- M ■ ior Eiarney's tart reply.
: •'■ : >»■ of
opinion.' answ Innan Kilhurn.
ona drawn
an.l at th^ n^xt m^ftinc of the board I
■ ■ m with my resolution."
"Th* point Is this." Bald Major Harney;
"If we award a bid f i this work our pile
driving pla • • ■ c worthless and aft< r
.it the
ith< r thine
; pile
driv: .
contr
move along the
■■■ • ■ .
wharf
Meiggß wliarf
FOSTUM CEREAL.
A THOUGHTFUL WRITER
Finds It Pays to Be Thoughtful.
"When first I r^ad in your adver-
lenta the serious charges brought
nst til-- old-style coffee. I knew
th«>m to contain Bimple and accurate
ments <>f scientific fact which any
physiologist or hygienist could sub-
stantial.'.
"Still, as an old coffee drinker, it was j
hard to make up my mind to change |
the old habit which had become seem-
ingly so fixed a part of my life. For
many weeks I allowed myself to read
your sober warnings and stirring ap-
peals to the conscience and reason of
the people, without taking action, not-
withstanding- the fact that I had for j
years felt the habit was undermining I
my nervous force, Impairing the mem-
ory, weakening the sight and threaten-
ing even to soften the brain. I had
also come across numerous instances
among my acquaintances of dyspepsia
brought about or largely aided by the
accumulated evils of dally coffe drink-
Ing.
"An old restaurant man finally in-
duced !;.■■;., im a trial, he
' mi:; adopted it as one I
of their household staples. I knew;
him to be ■ hal of a coffee con- i
noisseur, and was the more impressed'
by his suggestion. My first trial was
unsatisfactory and I put It away, but
fortunately J n • ■ d your published
warning aa to not cooking the coffee
sufficiently, and I saw then that I had i
not given it a fair trial; so i went at it I
again, and this last trial was sufficient!
to convince me that the product is in-
.l marvelous Invention, and Justi-
il] tho claims and more that you!
regarding it.
"Since that time the Postum has be-
come a daily beverage and a household
necessity with the whole <>f my family.
The benefits that have come to us
have b»-en too many and too subtile to
fully specify. In my own case I en-
Joy a Bound sleep at night, waking
thoroughly refreshed; my eyes are
Stronger and brighter, memory is cer-
tainly better an.d my nerves and diges-
tion Immeasurably improved. It is my
belief that coffee and tea drinking is
largely responsible for much of the
domestic friction and misery, owing to
the terrible ravages it works on the
r erven nnd digestion of those subject
to these unfortunate habits." W.
Mitchell, Th 3 Emporium, San Fran-
cisco, Cal.
where three or four more are driven All
the large Jobs are done by contract but
the small Jobs, the jobs that admit of no
delay, are done by the State pile drivers
and at a cost that compares favorably
with the contract work."
"Well, there's no harm in trying it for
six months." Interposed Kllhurn "We
can tell in that time whether it is such
a saving as would warrant its continu
ance. I think it Is an economical move
and in the right direction."
"No one Is more in favor of economy
than I am." replied Major Harney; "but I
I do not see where we are going to make ;
a saving:. There are always lots of 'ex- '
tras In a contract-in fact, a contractor
always builds his hopes of a profit on the
UNITED AT NOON
IN ST. JOHN'S CHURCH
MISS EMMA M. CLAWSON and HENRY S.
BASS, Who Were Married Yesterday.
ST. JOHN'S EPISCOPAL ('lU'RCir was beautifully decorated yrs
terday on tho occasion <>f the marriage of Henry S. Buss and Miss
Emma M. t'lawson, well-known youns society people of this city.
There was also a large attendance of friends and Immediate rela
tives of tho family who witnessed th^ nuptials. Rev. William A. M.
Breek, the associate rector of tho church, officiated at tho ceremony, which
was made more impressive and beautiful by the presence of the vested choir.
At the conclusion of the bans the bridal party and repaired to the
home of the bride's parents at I2'.i Oak street and sal down to an elaborate
wedding breakfast. In the afternoon the happy pair left on a two weeks'
honeymoon at Del Monte and other delightful places.
Mr. Bass Is at the head of the Empire Suit Company in the Phelan build
ing. He is well known in club circles, being a member of the Olympic and
Entre'Nous Cotillon clubs and other organizations. The bride is a daughter
of L. E. Clawson, senior member of Clawson & Co., the well-known pot
tery and patent chimney dealers at 1340 Market street. She is very
popular in local society, being both beautiful and accomplished. On their
return from the honeymoon the young couple will take up their residence
in this city.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 21, 1899.
'extras.' Then there Is no means of esti
mating the number of piles that will be
required and the bidders will not be able
to bid Intelligently."
"There is no harm in trying," was Kll
burn's remark again. "The contractors
can do the work much cheaper than we
can, as they can get better men and for
less money than you or I can. If a man
goes to a contractor for a job he has to
show his qualifications; but if a man
comes to you or me, major, it's always
what he has done for the G. O. P. Now.
supposing these contractors should offer
to supply and drive piles for $10 each,
what would you do?"
"I have not the slightest doubt but what
we will g-ot low bids," said Commissioner
Herold. speaking for the first time. "The
contractors want to drive our piledrivers
off the front and their offer will be way
down. Then they will share the loss
among themselves. In the meantime our
plant will be going to rack and ruin and
when the second contract comes to be let
the prices will double. Then where will
we be? What I should counsel is to let
well enousrh alone. We are entering on a
new f-ra. The repair department has been
abolished and all this kind of work is now
directly under the supervision of the chief
engineer. Let us give him a chance and
make no more changes until we see where
we are. We can discuss reductions and
Improvements with the head of the de
partment, and I think we will eventually
gpt better and cheaper results than from
contract work."
At this point ex-Governor Budd jokingly
remarked that it would be a good idea
for the single Republican member of the
Board to wait until another Republican
took his seat, and then he could abolish
all the departments he desired. "I hardly
think it right, Mr. Chairman," said he,
with a laugh, "to ask two Democrats to
abolish the piledrivers and throw a lot
of Democrats out of office. Just wait
a while and air your economical streak
when your own friends are running the
piledriv<Ts."
Contractor Dundon was present and was
asked what was the average pay of his
men. and he answered from $3 to $5 a day.
The men on the State piledrivers get from
$100 to $115 a month. The discussion will j
be continued when Chairman Kilburn pre
sents his resolution next Tuesday.
S. J. Hendy of the Pacific Refining and
Roofing Company asked permission to bid !
for supplying patent piles. He has a new I
process and wants to have its merits |
tested. The board needs 277 preserved
pil^s nnd it was decided to so word the
call for tenders that every man who has
a patent process can bid.
Accidentally Smothered.
The attention of Coroner Hill was dt
rpct^d yesterday morning to a peculiar
fif-ath which took plarc at 6 a. m. in the
Florence Crittenton Home.
It was reported* to him that lAike Crlb
bens. the five weeks old son of Sarah
Cribbens, an Inmate of the home, had
been accidentally smothered by its
mother. The story told by the mother
was that she nursed the child at 3 o'clock
in the morning and went to sleep. When
she awoke at •> o'clock the baby was dead,
btedly having been suffocated.
Coroner Hill ascertained that Miss Crib
w.is unmarried. The Florence Crit
tenton Home is an institution for the
shelter and reform of erring women and
girls. Deputy Coroner Lacombe Investi
gated the case and concluded that death
was accidental. The managers of the
home refused to give any information
regarding the parents of the child.
Battered a Policeman
May Modre, alias "Black Frankip." was
convicted by Judge Graham yesterday of
the charges of battery and vagrancy and
was ordered ro appear for sentence this
morning. Early Saturday morning she
was arrested by Policeman Joy at Turk
md Mason streets and at once showed
fight. Her aggressive style of fighting
puzzled Joy. as he did not like to strike
a W'.man. and if the patrol wagon had
not arrived at the time it did Joy would
have been knocked out.
All Bids Rejected.
The Fire Commissioners met yesterday
morning to consider the bids for four-inch
and five-inch hydrants. On the recom
mendation of Chief Sullivan all the bids
ted, as he said the hydrants
could be mad" at the corporation yards
much cheaper than the lowest bids.
Lincoln Monument.
The TJncoln Monument Leaguo will
meet in Judge Cooney's office to-night for
the further consideration of the project
to erect the memorial to the martyr
President.
ASSEMBLYMAN
MERRILL DID
NOT APPEAR
Constituents Awaited
His Coming.
HAMILTON REGGINS WAS HOT
REBUKED FOR INDULGING IN
PERSONALITIES.
A Lively Session of the Thirty-Sixth
District Republican Club,
V ith a Large At
tendance.
Members of the Thirty-sixth District
Republican Club met last night at Twin
Peaks Hall, Seventeenth and Noe streets,
In the expectation that they would hear
Assemblyman A. H. Merrill's reply to the
attack made on him at the last meeting
by Chairman Frank French. They had
been informed by printed cards sent to
their addresses that the Assemblyman
would "tell his constituents about 'How |
I did It at Sacramento.' " The card bore I
the signature of a committee of seven,
who invited all Republicans to be present.
In the absence of president or vice
president of the club, W. C. Johnson was i
chosen to preside, James Nagle acting as !
secretary of the meeting. There were j
some inquiries at the start for Merrill,
who had not put In an appearance, and it j
was freely asserted that he would not
COtne. The minutes of the previous meet- \
ing, containing a resume of the assault
on the Assemblyman and showing that
he had been invited to attend the next
meeting, were read and approved. Cap- I
tains of several precincts reported good
progress in enrolling Republicans, and J. I
B. Barber and C. E. Xagle stated for the i
benefit of new members the plan of the j
central club.
Hamilton Reg-gins then took the floor to
discuss the attitude of Assemblyman
Merrill. He said that he did not think
that the Assemblyman was treating the !
club right in staying away and refusing
to give an account of his stewardship at
Sacramento. As he proceeded in his re
marks he became heated, and before he was
interrupted, had denounced the Assembly
man as a cur and advocated, not only
that he be scalded to the heels, but that
ho be roanted a? well.
His personal remarks brought declama
tory protests from the chair and from |
James McCormick. and a motion that was j
about to be put by Mr. Riggins that the I
club put Its displeasure at Mr. Merrill on I
record was lost in the temporary excite- '
ment. A few moments later Mr. Reggins
apologized to the club for such of his re
marks as had been excepted to, saying I
that they had been forced out of him by i
the heat of anger.
A resolution by James Nagle was
ndopted to the effect that It is the sense
of the club that delegates to the Repub- j
lican Municipal Convention be selected by
districts. The club then adjourned to
meet next Tuesday night at the same hall, j
TALK OF PRIMARY LAW.
Democrats of the Thirty-Ninth
Assembly District Meet in
Saratoga Hall.
The Democratic Club of the Thirty- |
ninth Assembly District held a well-at- '
; tended meeting In Saratoga Hall at Sl4 j
Geary Btreet last night. President Whit- :
tlng announced that Mayor Phelan had
accepted the Invitation extended him to I
become an honorary member of the club
and the announcement was greeted with i
I vociferous applause. In fact it was a
; Pbelan meeting from start to finish, every
| reference t<> the Mayor during the even
: ing. and such references were frequent,
being the signal for similar demonstra- :
! tions rif enthusiasm. Twenty-seven new
; members were enrolled, and after the
j committee on ways and means had bnen
granted additional time in which to for
: mulate a report, J. H. Ferran offered a
resolution providing that a special meet
! ing of the club be held not later than July
15 to choose candidates to the municipal
Democratic convention. He moved that
th>' resolution be adopted, but an amend
ment proposed by t'harles Meehan to re
fer it to the committee on resolutions was
carried with a whoop, in spite of the trt
forts of the author to withdraw It when
he saw it was doomed to be practically
buried. Ferran then offered the substance
of the resolution in the form of a motion, j
I but the club would have nothing of his
scheme and snowed the motion under.
Walter Thompson proposed that a com
| noittee of seven be appointed by the chair:
| to select B list of candidates for the con
vention who would receive the support
■of the dub. This time It wns Ferrans
turn to obj. .-t. He declared that all mem
! bers should have the right to propose can- '
I didates. but he was again voted down and
i the motion was declared carried.
Hrlef addresses by Senator H. Porter
Ashe, Senator W. E. White, M. C. Has
: sett. Assemblyman J. S. Wardell and Dr
Leland followed, the speakers confining
their remarks for the most part to ihe
new primary election law and the neces
sity of earnest work at the primaries by
all good Democrats. Ashe, White and
Hassett were unanimously elected hono
rary members of the organization. The
! club adjourned subject to the call of the ;
I president.
Democratic Municipal League.
There was a good attendance of the
i Democrats of the Thirty-seventh Assem
\ bly District at Phelpa Hall, 317 Devisa
dero street, last night. The clul) has a
membership of over 300, and from the
enthusiasm manifested In the district It
is very evident that active steps wlllvbe
taken "by the respectable element to put
forth a "representative delegation at the
coming primaries. Fifty new names were
! added to the list at the meeting last
' night after which those present were
; addressftd by Judge A. D. Lemon. Charles
'■ Sweipert (a new arrival from New York)
and J. H. McLaughlin, all of whom re
ceived a respectful hearing.
A SENATOR ELECTED.
The National Union Selects Its Rep
resentative to the Supreme
Body of the Order.
The Assembly of the National Union
met yesterday In Red Men's Hall and '
there were present representatives from
all the councils in the State except one. ;
Ex-Judge Davis LouderbacK presided and i
the '>nly business transacted was the
election of a senator to represent the Cal- '■
ifornia branch of the order in the senate, '
which will hold Its session in Mackinac
Islnnd, Mich., on the LBth of July.
The only candidate fur senator was
Frederick H. Hastings, ex-president of
California Council, who was elected with
out a dissenting voice. Mr. Hastings has
been a very active member of the union,
and has most creditably tilled a number
of Important offices.
J. W. Culberth. W. W. Healev, H. A. |
Graves, M. Putnam and J. MeLaughlln
were elected the executive committee.
Garfleld Relief Corps.
The comic party given last evening by
James A. Garfield Relief Corps No. 21 In
the social hall of the Alcazar was well
attended. The "comic" part was that
many of those present attended in cos
tumes that were as ridiculous as they
were varied. For the entertainment of
the guests the committee, consisting of
Mf-pdhm<-s K. N. Brown, May Sliders
Dora. Wilklns. Esther Dunn, M. O'Brien'
J. Van Horn and M. Dibble, presented a
short programme, which had for features
vocal selections and recitations by MN<
Goldie Zucker. Miss Mabel McN T aughten
Master George Kreuger and luiss Hazel'
Then followed dancing and a collation
in the banquet hall. n
Rag Time, Night Time,
Good time at Kapp & Street's Ta
male Grottn. *
The Patients Had a Social.
The patients In the City and County
Hospital were tendered a social last night
by the members of the Epworth League
of Grace Methodist Church on Twenty
first street. The surprise to the inmates
of the hospital was enjoyed to the utmost,
as was evidenced by the pleasure mani
fested by each individual. Those who
participated were: Miss Ella Crowhurst,
May Robinson, Mary Straub, Ethel Dean,
Miss Eckmann and Mr. Fred Head.
BENEFIT ENTERTAINMENT.
Interesting Programme of Exercises
at First Christian Church.
The musicale given last night for the
benefit of the First Christian Church, on
Twelfth street near Howard, was a suc
cess in every particular. The interior of
the edifice had been tastefully decorated
for the occasion and the following pro
gramme was well received by a large au
dience:
Piano solo. Dr. Clarke; contralto solo.
Miss Maud Pettee; vocal solo, Mr. Shake
speare; recitation, Miss Lydla Jacob;
character songs. Elton Lambert; vocal
solo, Madame Waltz: piano solo, Miss
May Pettee: tenor solo. John Brayton;
recitation. F. Cooke Caldwell; vocal solo,
Miss Millie Flynn; club swinging. Del
sarte class from Young Women's Chris
tian Association.
After the rendition of the programme
those present adjourned to the basement
hall, where an informal reception was
held. Light refreshments were served.
The committee in charge of the enter
tainment consisted of Mrs. J. A. McKay,
Mrs. F. S. Ford. Mrs. W. H. Nash, J. H.
Miller and Edward Brown.
LOYAL LEGION HONORS
MAJOR GENERAL YOUNG
EXPRESSION IN FAVOR OF HOLD
ING THE PHILIPPINES.
Large Attendance of Army Officers,
Many of Whom Are En Route
to the Front at Manila.
The Loyal Legion reception to Major
General S. M. B. Young at the Occidental
Hotel last evening was an Interesting
event. Colonel Parnell of the Legion pre
sided. Among the attendants were:
Colonel Ray, Eighth Infantry; Colonel
MacGregor, Ninth Cavalry; Major Noble,
Third Infantry; Captain Pluramer; Colonel
Cox, chief paymaster; Captain Parker,
Fourth cavalry; Captain Collins, Twenty
fourth Infantry; Captain Wright, Seventh
Infantry; Culonel A. C. Girard, Presidio:
Captain Allen, United States navy; Major
Groesbeck, judge advocate; Colonel Green
leaf, Major Rodman, Lieutenants Smed
berg and Howard of General Young s
staff; Major Morton, Fourth Cavalry;
Lieutenant McMlnn, retired; Colonel Me- j
Cleave, retired; Captain Dodd. Ninth In
fantry; Captain Callinan, retired; Captain j
A. J. Kelleher. First California; Adjutant
General W. H. Seamans: Colonel W. R.
Smedberg, Colonel C. Mason Klnne,
Colonel J. C. Currier. Dr. C. T. Deane.
Major H. C. Keeler, Major Joseph Sharp,
Dr McNutt. Major Hooper, General W.
H. L. Barnes. Colonel Jesse Fuller. Major
N T Messer; F. X. Schoonmaker, New
York; Colonel C. A. Coolidge, Ninth In
fantry: Major O. W. Pollock. Lieutenant
Roydon; Colonel William Roy, Arizona;
Major William Southworth. San Joso;
Quartermaster Sergeant Smith, First Ten
nessee; Major Hawley A. Morrner, Leon
Jonps. Colonel Allen, George Hooker, Mor
gan Backus and Major General Young.
The music was given by the Twenty
fourth United States Infantry band. After
refreshments brief speeches were in order,
nnd the sentiment expressed was in favor
of suppressing the Insurrection in the
Philippines. Among the speakers were
General Young. Mr. Schoonmaker and
General Barnes.
Many of the army officers present rt°
on the way to Manila and several will
sail next Saturday. Others are destined
for service In Alaska.
Jeffries Heavily Fined.
K. A. Jeffries, foreman of the work of
removing the Baldwin Hotel ruins, who
was convicted by Judge Graham for vio
lating the fire ordinance in refusing to re
move the ruins on the Market street side
when requested by Assistant chief Dough
erty, appeared for sentence yesterday
morning. The Judge imposed a tine of
$100, with the usual alternative, and notice
of appeal was prmoptly given, the bonds
being fixed In $300.
Luncheon at Howard M. E. Church.
Thf>rr> will he a Indies' luncheon at How
ard Street Methodist Kpisonp.il Church
to-morrow from 11 to 2 o'clock for the hen
etit "f the deaconess 1 work connected with
the church. It will l>e n home-cooked
lunch for husiness men and will cost 25
cents. An opportunity is afforded to as
sist a worthy organization in the visiting
of the sick and the relief of the poor in
the district.
To Determine Her Status.
charlotte F. Clarke filed suit yesterday
against Edith A. K. Lyman, Charles G.
Lyman, Charlotte H. Moulder. Harold A.
Clarke. Edward Kane Clarke and Ida F.
Clarke, all being heirs of the estate of tne
late Jeremiah Clarke, to determine the
status of the plaintiff as trustee of the de
cedent's estate and to determine the cor
rectness of her accounts and transfers to
the defendants. The action is friendly In
nature.
A university man lias undertaken for a
wager of £500 to earn his livelihood for
the next twelve months by means of a
barrel-organ.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Letter to Mrs. Pinkham Brought
Health to Mrs. Archambo.
[LC'TER TO MffS. PINKHAM NO. 42,395]
11 Dear Mrs. Pinkham — For two
years I felt tired andso weak and dizzy
that S'jme days I could hardly go
hround the house. Backache and head-
ache all the time and my food would
noi digest and had such pains in the
•*omb and troubled with leucorrhoea
tu»d k'dieys were affected.
"After birth of each child I grew
weaVer, and hearing so much of the
(fo«i«! you had done, I wrote to you and
h»»* taken six bottles of Lydia E.
PinVttaro's Vegetable Compound, one
\ box <>♦. Lozenges, one box of Liver Pills,
; one package of Sanative Wash, and to-
d«y 1 am feeling as well as I ever did.
When I pet up in the morning I feel as
f**sh as I did when a girl and eat and
sleep well and do all of my work. If
ever I feel weak again shall know
•where to get my strength. I know
yoor medicine cured me." — Mrs. Saliva
ARCIIAMBO, CITAHLKMON'T, MASS.
The present Mrs. Pinkham's experi-
ence in treating female ills is unparal-
leled; for years she worked side by
side with Mrs. Lydia E. I'inkham, end
for sometime past lias had sole charge
of the correspondence department of
her great business, treating by letter
as many as a hundred thousand ailing
■women a year. All women who staffer
are invited to write to Mrs. Pinkham
at Lynn, Mass.. for advice, which will
be promptly given without charge.
HOITT'S SCHOOL,
MKNLO PARK, SAN MATEO COI"NTY, CAL.,
Is rebuilding with all modern Improvements.
Will be thoroughly equipped and b^gin its
ninth year August 15th. Beautiful surround-
ings, home Influences. Offers superior advan-
tages for the care and thorough training of
boys. Accredited at the universities.
| IRA G. HOITT, Vh. D., Principal.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
A PERSONAL MATTER
IF YOU ARE THINKING OF FIXING lIP THE HOUSE,
Delightful Patterns— Beauty Spots to Walk
On— at Pleasant Prices.
THE OLD-FASHIONED DAMASK INGRAINS, two sides to wear
(ormerly 50c) 35c
OLD-FASHIONED THREE-PLYS, tnick as a board (rormsrlv Si. oo) 73c
GREAT BIG RUGS, to which the cunning little Japs hnve given Oriental
colorings and designs, 9x12 (formerly $15. 00). .$10. 80
OLD DUTCH CARPETS, XXX qualirv (formerly 45,) 29c
The Celebrated "FAN TAN" and "NAGAVA" MATTINGS
($B.OO quality), a roll, 40 yards $5.98
Out-of-town orders, with dimensions, given special attention.
ART CARPET CO.,
228 POWELL STREET, Near Geary.
""fresh things"
! From our laundry in linen, percale or
Madras shirts, white linen collars and
cuffs, fancy vests, duck or crash suits or
trousers look as well as when you first
buy them, in color or finish. "We do
not fade the delicate colors of your
negligee shirts, and your collars and
cuffs will keep fresh longer from our
i perfect methods than by any other in
! San Francisco.
"No saw-edges."
The United States Laundry. Office
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 4-20.
Qjg^CANCEB
31 /afflfi t^^ No KNIFE or PAIN
WoCcx Any Jump in a
Q|j3|g?sGyPs woman's breast is
JaKgijH^lßy^^ cancer: the) al-
j^s-r^^R*BP^/f\\ ways poison the
% j glands in armpit
y*mr S When ihe cancer
*.c armpit gets large cure is impossible.
; Face and lip also very common places.
90 PAGE BOOK SENT FREE
With testimonials of thousands 1 have Cured '■
S. R. CHAMLEY, M. D., 25 Third St., S. F.
; SEND to SOME ONE with CANCER
*^_*v* •» /^sk THE NEW
Ist Day. _-»-^S«_"'-ii© SB CDCUPU
i wear 10th Day. •_• --»L It rllCIIUlaiO
YITALSS 20lhpIJ r - «*»-. M Dcucnv
PRODKKS THEABOVK 30thDay. BlknlClllll
I HESI'I.TS. i surely remove! Nervousness, ImpottncT
; Nightly Emissions, Evil Drains Wastin? Pi-rases an.l all effects
I of ielf-abu«e or excess and mdiscr-tion. Restores Lest Vitality
: Power and Failing Memory. Wards off Insanity and Connump.
: tion. Cares when all others fail. Insist on having VITA 1.1 S.
no other. Can be carried in the vest pocket. By mail $1 O«»
j per package or ill for *5.00 with a guarantee to Cure or
Heftind the Money. Circular Free. Address
CALfMET CURE CO., 884 Dearborn St., Chicago
Bold by Owl Drue Co., Baldwin Pharmacy.
W. J. Bryan (two stores), Crant Drug Co., In
Oakland by Owl Drug Co. '
3 visit DR. JORDAN'S great?
OF ANATOMY^
0 Gto 1051MABEETST.tDt.6ift7th,B.r.Ctl. i
\ I^f The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
m Wortd. Weaknesses or any contracted A
» uh£ an disease |»«slll»«-ly cured by the oldest T
% ggl Specialist on the Coast Est. 36 year; %
A SET 5 DR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 3
i ■ Grsßhm Consultation free and strictly private. \
0 E iff<!&Ln Treatment personally rr by 'Ictlcr. A §
\R 7 ilh /Vwi'/iw Curt in every case undertaken. T
Ssf'l nip Write for Boole. I'HILOSOI'UV of i :
V• I J1 M*lllll\«.», MAILED FREE. (AT
_l U (I- valuable boole for mm) \
f DR. joki>ax*co..iooi Market St. a F. V
DR.M9NDLTY.
a 'HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD |
L Specialist eurrs Private, Nervous, and Hlood Dis-
eases Oi Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 20y'rs' experience.
Patients cured at ITome. Terms rea'sonnhlc. HoursO
to3dally;a.3otoB:aO ov'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. ("onrul-
tatlui) free and sacredly coiiliilentfnl. Cull, address
P. i!()M((ii: JIcMLTY, M.D.
2O'-f Bienrny St., »an Francisco. CaL
BAILBOAD TBAVEL.
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERT DAT IN THE TEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MAKKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:30 P. 11.
DINING ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR.
FRED HARVEY, AND ARE PERFECT IN !
EVERT DETAIL. SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
RATES.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE, 828 I
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE. Main 1531.
OAKLAND OFFICE, HIS Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE. 201 J street.
SAN JOSE OFFICE. 7 W. Santa Clara street
KORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via ■_____•» Fart.
Commencing April 23, 1899.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO. »8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.:
•1:46. 8:M. 4:00, 5:15, »6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San !
Rafael, on Monday*, Wednesdays, Saturdays i
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. in.
SUNDAYS— 'B:OO. •9:00, '10:00. 11:00. 11:30
a. m.: 1:00. *1:45. *2:30, »4:00, 6:30, 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Raft Sundays.
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Vary Sunday*.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO. !
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. »6:40. 7:55. 8:40. '10:20 !
a. m. ; 12:30, 2:15. »3:40. 4:35. 6:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays I
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO, '8:00, »9:45. '10:45, »11:45
a. m.; 1:00, 2:20, *3:30, *6:15, *6:0O, 7:00. 10:15
p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln,
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO |
WEEK DAYS— 6:50, 7:55. 8:55, 10:35
a. m.: 12:35. 2:45. 4:55, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00, 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 10:00, 11:10 a. m.; 12:05
1:20, 2:40. 3:55. 5:30. 6:30. 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS. .
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
3:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'ns] !
C:l5 p. m. week days (Saturdays exceptedj— :
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way sta'ns I
JIM p.m. Sundays— ft. Reyes* and .way. eu'ns. 1
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
MOCTIIKRN PACIFIC (O3IPAHT.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.}
I Trains leave nml lire flu* (o nrrlrc n«
MAN rRARCUt'O.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
lsave — , From Jrsi 1, 1899. — arrit«
7:00 a Benlcla, Sulsun and Sacramento. . . . O:4Sp
7:OOa Mu.rysviUo. Orovilleaad lteddlng tla
Woodland Bt4SF
7xOOa Elmira. VacarlHe and Ramsey 8:45»
7:3<>a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
CalisLoga and Santa Rosa 6:l!iy
8:00 a Atlantic: KxpreEß, Ogden and East.. 8:45p
BtllOA Unu Jose, Livermore, Stockton,
lone. Sacramento, Placerrille,
MarygTille. Chico, IHuir 4ilßp
8:30 a 'Milton, OakcUleand Konora 4tlsp
O:O0a Hayw&rds. Mies and Way Stations. 1 1:43*.
0:00 a. Martinez, Tracy, Latbrop, Stockton,
M ere: d and Fresno. I8il3»
0:OOa Freano, ISakentieM, Santa Uarliara,
Los Angeles, Deming. El Paso,
New Orleans and East 6t45p
1O:OOa Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:43»
1 1 :OOa Haywarda, NUes and Way Stations. Bi4sp
12:OOm Klles, Livermore, Stockton, Hacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Visalia,
PcrteiriUe 4ilsf
*I:OOf Sacramento River Steamers *BiOOP
3:00p Haywards, Niles and Way Stations. ai4s*
4:OOp Martinez, Han Kainon, Vallejo,
Napa, CaUstogn. Santa Rosa »il»*
4toor Benlcla. Vacaville, Bacraniento,
Wood Knights Landing,
MarrSTille, Oro»llle I©:4B*
4»BOpNiles, San Jose and Stockton 7:15*
4:30p Yosemite Sleeping Car for Raymond 18:18*
s:OOpTho OwL Tracy, Fresno, Bakers-
field, Saugus for Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles. 9s4Ba
5:30p Stockton, Merced, Fresno lSilSil
0:30p Martinez, Traoy, Mendota, Fresno,
Mojaro and Los Angeles B>4l)a
Si3or Hanta l"» Route. Atlantlo Express
for Mojuvo and East 6:43?
O:0Or l<4iropeau Mall, Ogriou and K»»t.... •t45%
G:OOp Haywards, Kilea and Han Joao 7:45 a.
•6:«O i- Vallejo lSilSp
7>OOp Oregon l£xprrss,Hacramento, Marys-
vlllo. ReilUing, Portland, I'nget
Sound iui.l Kast 7i4B_
%*t—r Vallejo. Port Costa and Way Sta-
| tlons .. tlO»3O»
COAST DIVISION (Narrow (lange}.
j (Foot of Market Street.) _
{7:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations JSt«3#
8:15 a Newark, Centervillc.SanJoae, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Oruz and Way
Stations 813011
2tlBp Newark, CenterTille, San Jose New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations M0:80a
4«13p San Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions t» i2# A
; 64i15p Felton, Santa Cruz and Way Bta-
tions /0:20 A
GREEK ROUTE FERRY.
| JromSiNmNOISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
♦7:16 9:00 ll:00«.M. tl:00 *2:00 t3:09
•4:00 JB:OO »fl:00iV.
rromOAlUtiD— Foot of Brotdvaj.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00*. tf.
U3:OQ '1:00 t3:CO *3:00 ti:00 •8:00r.«.
(OAST DIVISION (Broad (lange).
, (Third and Townseiid Sta.)
: •6«1Oa Ocean View. South ban Francisco.. •©ISo?
•7:00 a Sau Joso and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) IjUOp
J7:3Oa Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa. Cruz, Pacific; Groro and
Principal Way Stations }»:83p
9:OOa Hau .1080, Tres I'inos, Hants Cruz,
Paclllo Grove, Paso Robles, Sau
Luis Oliispn, Guadalupe, Surf and
. Principal Way Stations 4ilOp
1«i1Oa San .lose and Way Stations «HiOOa
11:30 a San Jose and Way Stations 3:30*
•2:45r Sau Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, >San Jose,
Gilroy, llolilster, Sauta Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacific
Grove «10i3«4
*»:3OpBan.lose and Way Stations *OtOO*
*4:13p San Joseand Principal Way Stations 9:43 a
•3:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 0:83*
5:30p San Jose and Principal Way Stations *Bi33a
0:30p San Joso and Way Statious 7:30*«
t11:45r San Jose and Way Stations 7iBof
A for Morning. P for Afternoon. '
! • Snnday excepteil. t Sunday only. t Saturday onlf.
fcSaturday and Sunday /Sunday find Monday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN ST. COL
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEU
WEEK DAYS— 9:00, U:00 a. m.; iI:U,
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Kxtra trlf
at 11:80 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:s*)
and 11:30 p. m.
■UN DAYS— B:OO. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:80. 1:Ml
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL. TO BAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:60, »:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 11:41,
8:40, 6:16 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trips at
1:55 and 8:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 8:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 1:40, I:*,
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Bchuetaen Park
■•me schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Fr&nclaoob
. April 11, _
Week Sun- 1&99. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. days. Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 1:40 am
1:80 pm 9:30 am Fetaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
1:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Kosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pea
Fulton,
I'M am Windsor, 10:19 am
Healdsburf,
Lytton,
Geyservllle, .
1:80 pm 8:09 am Oloverdale, 7:85 pm 6:20 pa
T:3O am Hopland and 10:26 aim
(:30 pm 8:00 am Uklah. 7:85 pra 6:20 pm
_____ ____,
7:JO am 10:25 am
8:00 am Ouernevllle. 7:16 pm
1:30 pm 6:20 pn»
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
1:10 pm 5:64 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pq
T:80 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 an
1:30 pm 5:00 pm I 7:36 pm 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Bprlngs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
for Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Skagga
Springs: at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno.
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's,
Bucknell's, Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle,
Boonevllle, Philo, Christine, Soda Springs,
Kavarro, Whltesboro, Albion, Little River.
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
Westport, Usal, Wlllltt9, LaytonvUle, Cum*
mlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka,
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates-
Ticket Offices, 660 Market St., Chronicle b\Sg.
H C WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 16, 1899. train* will run a» follow**
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mtxe4. . Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday per.
Dally. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd I Dally.
1:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pm 6:00 pm
:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pro 4:13 pm
10:40 am 6:35 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:43 pm
11:38 am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pm
MS pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 3:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 am 6:25 pm Vlsalla 6:40 am 1:23 pm
11:16 pm I 6:63 pm Tularo 6:50 am 1:05 pm
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. 811 Marital
xtntL San Francisco. ■■'-:- ■■■^..
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry
Commencing SUNDAY, April 23, 1899.
WEEK DAYS, 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday, Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
ings, Arriving in S. F. at 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS. 8. 9. 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45. 2-m
and 4 p. m.
Fare, S. F. to Summit and Return, II 4».
_ SUm CfifiK & SON. AM*,, «l Ui&n ■£ j
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD
BUMMART OF THE MARKETS.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat and Barley lower.
Oats declining.
Corn weak and Rye dull.
Hay quiet and unchanged.
Fcedstuffs easy.
Home changes In Beans.
Potatoes and Onions ■■■.-■■ advance.
Butter and Eggs lower.
Poultry quiet and steady.
Peaches and Apricots firm.
Lemons higher and i 'ranges lower.
Another advance in Han
Sale of new dried Apricots.
Wool active and rather higher.
Hnps norn ■
New 1' mey quiet.
Wn! firm.
H t;s
Oils unchanged.
PRODUCF. EXPORTS.
Produce exports from this port during the
first five months of the year were $12,797,60"),
BKainst $15,543.9C0 .iuring the same time In 1898,
the principal shipments being as follows: At
lantic ports. 11.081,600; Great Britain, $1.2r>2.6i"0;
<'hlna 51.594.R00; Japan, $1.81 900: Australia,
Jfißl 600; Hawaiian Islands, $3,448,600; Mexico,
J591,*200; Central Anvrii-a, $743,300.
NATIONAL EXPORTS.
Th" following figures taken from the bulle
tin Issued by the Bureau of Statistics of the
Treasury Department^ show the value of. the
principal articles of merchandise exported from
the United States, f^r the eleven months ended
May 31 1899: Breadstuffs, $243,574,859; cotton.
J200.642.723: mineral "Us. J49,.537,27<; cattle and
JIOKS. $7.".9*)0.613; provisions. $!47.">53,505; total,
JW.Sfil'.L'Sl. The values of the articles men
tioned exported during the eleven months ended
May 31. IS9S, were 3747,. : .f,5,507. The value of
the exports of breadstuffs from .- .■ Francisco
during the eleven months was J6.< 1 24.743, against
$21,£60,166 for.t he same time last year.
EXPORTS AND IMPORTS.
During the month of May the value of the
Imports of merchandise Into the United States
was $70.131,62S nnd the value of the exports
during the month $93,836,483. showing an excess
of exports of $23,704,861. For the eleven months
erring May the value of the imports of mer
chandise was $635,362,519 and thai of exports
Ji: 130, 629, 572, the excess .- •■ ■ pill being $495,
--267.053. The excess of Imports Of gold for th"
jr..n th was $1,021,010, and for the eleven months
$09,235,158. the Utter ■showing a decrease of
$32,795,052 compared with the same time IS9S.
The excess of exports of silver for the month
■was $1,426,196 and for the ■.en months $23,
--694,093. The excels of exports of merchandise
over that of imports for the twelve months end
ing May 31; IV3, and the live years following
whs: JJCT.I-MT.^'Mi 557.553.159, (85.641 ,919, $308,797,
--262, $4.V.'.7^9,U-7. $53\.'.'50..')45.
WEATHER REPORT.
O2oth Meridian—Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, June 20. 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
F.'.ireka 56 San Diego 65
Fresno .... '.'2 Sucramento SS
Los Angeles 78 Independence '■■''
Ked Bluff ?S Vuma 104
San Luis Obispo.... 72
.San Francisco dat.-i : Maximum temperature,
t'^: minimum, 50; mean, 59.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
(RECAST.
The pressure has risen over the northern half
of the pacific Coast and the conditions are fa
vorable for much warmer weather in California j
Wednesday and probably Thursday. A mod- 1
crate norther will probably blow in the valleys j
Wednesday afternoon with temperatures of
about 1 "JO degrees. Conditions also favor the :
formation of low fog along the coast Wednes- i
day aiternoon and Thursday morning.
The temperature has fallen over Utah and !
Nevada and !s beginning to rise In Central 1
California.
;A;maximum wind velocity of 30 miles per'
hour from th<» northwest Is reported at Eureka..
Forecasts made at San FVancisco for thirty ,
hours, ending midnight. June 21, 1899:
Northern California— Fair Wednesday; warm
er in the Sati Joaquin .and Sacramento valleys ;
with a moderate norther; slightly cooler along |
the coast with fog and brisk westerly wind.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday; warm
er in the interior; fresh northerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Wednesday; warmer.
Utah— Fair; warmer Wednesday.
Arizona— Fair Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair; cooler 1
Wednesday afternoon and night; fresh westerly \
winds, with fog in the afternoon and night.
ALEXANDER- McADIE.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
■ !W TORK 3TOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. June -To-day'? advance in '■
prices of stocks after an early weakness was ! '
no more conclusive of a settled condition of i ■
the speculative situation and of the future i '
course of the stock market than was yester- j '
day's decline. There was a brief and spas- '
inodic reriod of liquidation in Federal Steel '. '
and Wire, and the bear party took advantage |
of th!p to make a drive against the whole mar- ! :
ket. Hut the brief duration of the decline and ' i
Die firm resistance offered by prices at the low '<
point warned the bears of the futility of an
effort to bn*ak the whole market. They there
lore took their profits on the decline of yes
terday and this morning by buying stocks at
the low l«veL There -a .is some organized buy- j !
Ins of the Flower group of specialties, not j i
only in support of Federal Steel, but for the | ■
long account in Brooklyn Transit, People's Gas I
and other specialties. The action of the wheat I '
market prompted some buying from rangers I
also. The continued weakness of wheat In the !
face of the well leflned information of poor j
crops in Russia and Eastern Europe made the ' :
conclusion unavoidable that supplies of Ameri- i
can .■.i' were believed to be forthcoming by I
those who re beat able to Judge. Aside from
this the market continued very narrow and I
professional and could not be said to repre- I
sent anything more than the covering of short j
contracts by yesterday's bears. The opening i
In both Federal Steel and Steel and Wire was !
wide. 8000 shares of the former .selling at a
drop of l'-'aZ points and 6000 shares of the lat
ter showing simultaneous transactions from 114
Cx 2's below last night's prices. The motive, of
course, was the granting of the Judicial injunc
tion against the payment of the IV. per cent I
dividend which has been declared on Federal
Bteel common on the ground that before the i
expiration of the fiscal year the prior right of
the preferred stock to Its 6 per cent dividend :
could n..t be Insured. The statement of Presi- i
dent Gary that a sufficient sum had already
been set aside to pay a yearly dividend on
the preferred stock was the decisive Influence
In the rally or both stocks. The net decline
for each on the day Is only about a point.
Bather conspicuous ngth was shown by the
Union Pacific stock* New York Central and I
Pennsylvania in the late dealings, but as tney i
have recently h;ui sharp declines, relatively
greater advances were only natural. Opera
tions by . aiders through commission houses
continued at a minimum. Sugar was strong.
Continental and American Tobacco was weak !
and the local traction stocks moved upward' j
Pome apprehension still exists over the threat
ening situation in France and South Africa, |
and the ruling price for money in Berlin, which
1? the result of a rather unbridled speculation ;
The advance In money in Berlin was reflected
In higher discount rates in London and an ad
vance In the nit- for sterling exchange here, ■
•which Is believed to foreshadow a further out- i
flow of gold. J
Railroad bonds were heavy. Kansas City
Pittsburg and Gulf Drsts dropped 24. Tota' 1
par '..ilue $1,80 ,000 I'nite.l States new
I la coupon and
- ■■„ in the bid ; 1
Th^ ' ' lay amounted to
886,514 luding: American Pie»l and
Wire, 45, M 0; Amei , n .\ X
4'" rf >: '• Brooklyn Tran
y~ 89.300; Burlington, 12,000; Continental To
bacco, ■ lerai Bteel, 18,t lo prefr»r
--r-l. S700; Louisville and Nashville, 3 ( '"0; Man-
National Steel, 3600; People's 'Jaa
•■. ■ng tir.-Jt preferred, 10,600; st Paul,
• Great
Wester) - . Rock Islan.l and Pa-
Metropolitan. 4700; New York i'«-n
--tral, 6700; Ontario and Western. 4100; Pennsyl
vania, 4200; Tennessee Coal and Iron 6700-
Union Pacific, 18 \ do preferred, 3000.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchieon 17 1 * St P & Om 98 :
Do prefd 54% Do prefd 170 ■
Baltimore & Ohio. 67 So Hallway 10^
Canada Pacific ... '.OS Do prefd 4S\
Canada Southern.. i>3 Texas & Pac is I*,1 *,
Cent .■!■ su?i Union Pacific 3'|i;
Ihes & i into .... 24* Do prefd 7414
I'hl & Alton 150 Nor & W prefd... 68
Chi it & <j 1314 U'abash 71.
Chi & E 111 74 Do prefd im.
Do prefd 1224 Wheel & L B (,£
Chi <; IV 13Vd Do prefd 22";
{.'hi Ind A L >': Express Companies-
Do 1 !■•■:.! :{7' 2 Adams Ex 110
.■), i .'v- N W 163 American Ex 132
Do prefd 182 United States .... 4"
C G C & St L. 64',i Wells Fargo 125
Do prefd '.'7 ; Miscellaneous —
Del & Hudson ....119 A Cot Oil {5*4
Del I, & W 169 1 Do prefd 91U
Den & Rio G 22 Amn Spirits 10',;
Do j>r<"id 76% Do prefd 33
Erie new 12Vi Am Tobacco 95V.
Do Ist prefd ....3414 Do prefd 140
Ft Wayne 183 Cons Gas 181%
(it Nor prefd 169 4 Com Cable Co, ex-
Glucose 6GV4 dlv 176
Illinois Cent 111% Col F & Iron 43%
Lake Erie & W.... 16\ Do prefd 105
Do prefd •;■, Qen Electric .-117>4
Lake Shore 206 ! Haw Com] Co 110
Louis ■v Xash .... 66% Fed Steel 59%
Manhattan L 112 ! Hi Do prefd 824
Met St Hy 22:,% Intnl Paper 41' 2
Mich Cent 113 Do prefd 77
Minn & st Is 56 iLaclede Gas 53&
Do 2d prefd .... <<Z Lead 29
Mo Pacific 41 I Do prefd 110
Mobile & Ohio .... 38 Brooklyn R T im;
Mo X « T ll»i Nat Lin Oil 3%
Do prefd 32% Pacific Mail ...... 47V
N .1 Central 116 People's Gas 119H
N V Central 132V4 Pullman Pal 156-
N V Chi &St L.... 13 Bilver Cert «o'4
Do Ist prefd .... 60 Standard R & T.. V,i
Do 2d prefd .... 294 Sugar 153
Nor West \?\ Do prpfd 117
No Amar Co 11-*, T C & Iron.. 65H
No Pacific *>■■*. XT S Leather b%
Do prefd 74*» Do prefd 69»;
Ontario & W 25%, U S Rubber .".3'-»
Or It * Nay pfd.. 69 | Do prefd 116%
Pac Coast 3S West Union, ex-
Do Ist prefd . ... v: div 89*4
Do M prefd .... 54 Amu 5 & W 54
Plttsburg ]-2 Do prefd 95
Reading 20»; Con Tobacco 41
Do Ist prefd .... ?<"\ Do prefd 81
It <} IV S3 Anaconda 50*4
Do prefd "8 Colo Bo ■'•%
Rock Island 112'i'Colo Ist prefd ....42
St 1. X- s F 9% Do 2d prefd .... 16
Do i.rrf.l 7!'s Nat Steel BO
Do 2d prefd .... 3.1U; Do prefd 8!>"4
St L & S W 12vj Hoop Steel 29*4
Do prefd 30%' Do prefd 76%
! ; t Paul 12<>>6iAm Tin Smelter.. 36
Do prefd 173 i Do prefd '85%
So Pacific 3054!
CLOSING BONDS. \
i U S 2s reg I'M* M X & T 2ds 65
Do 3s reg W\* Do 4s S3 l i
Do 3s coup. ins', N V Cent lsts 115';
Do new 43 reg 13 ■> N.l Cent gen 55. .122
Do new 4s coup. .130 No Carolina 6a 127
Do old 4s reg 113%. Do 4s 104
Do old i- coup .11354 No Pacific lsts 113
• Do "- leg 1124 Do 3s 67
! Do 5s coup 1124 Do 4s 104%
1 Diet of C 1. 655.... 119 NYC& St L 4b... 197
Alabama class A. .110 Nor .* W con 45... 95
Do claw H 110 I Do gen 6s 133
Do Class C l'"0 Oregon Nay Ist.-. ..114
Do Currency 100 Do 45 103
Atchlson gen 4h....1024 Oregon s L 8a IX2 ' 3
Do adj «s 83U Do con h5.... ll . :
j Canada So Zds 11l Reading gen 4s 91
I ("•lies & Ohio 4V45... 94?, Rio G W lsts lOtti
! Do "s 120 St L& I M con Bs.lll
! Chi & N W con 75.144 6t L& S F gen 85.125 Vi
Do B F deb 55. ...122 Bt Paul con 170
| Chicago Term 15.. .102% St 1* C & P 15t5...12l
I Den & Rio G 15t5. .106 Do 6s 124
j Do 4s 103 SO Railway 5s 11l
! 1: T V & 1-. 1nt5....105% Stand R * T 65... 87
| Erie gen 4s 73' s Term new set 'is... !)5
j F W & D C lsts... si 1, Tex & Pac Ist.-. ...114
: Gen Electric 5s ...US i Do 2ds 54%
I G H&S A6s M3 4, Union Pacific 45.. .108
Do Ids 110 Wabash lsts 1174
H &T C Ss 113 ; Do 2ds 10")
Do con Cs 109 jWest Shore 4s 1164
lowa Cent lsts 116 Wls Cent lsts 77
X C P & G Lsts.... 60 ;Va Centuries 854
La new con 4s 110% > Va Deferred S 1 *
I L ft N unified 45.. W Colo Southern 45.. SSVk
MINING STOCKS.
! Chnllar 20 Ontario 7 31
: Crown Point 22 Ophir 90
: Con Cal & V 1 23 Plymouth 10
' Deadwood 40 Quicksilver 190
■ r>ould * Curry 7" Do prefd 7DO
: Hale & Norcross.. 30 Sierra Nevada 60
Homestiake 60 00 Standard 2 25
! Iron Silver 53 Union Con 2S
: Mexican 85 Yellow Jacket 25
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
i Money— ; West End 924
■ Call loans 334 I Bonds-
I Time loan« 36 44 Atchison 4s 101U
Stocks— i Mining Shares —
At.-!. Top & St Fa. 17 l i .Adventure 10
Do prefd 544 : Allouez Mm C 0.... 84
American Sugar. ..ls2^) Atlantic 31
Bell Telephone 340 Boston & Mont 340
I Boston A: Albany.. Butte & Boston 754
Boston Elevated. ..lo6 jTalumet & Hecla..BOO
t Boston & Maine. ..l 92 Centennial 33%
i Chi Bur A Q 131% Franklin 18
'■ Fitchburg prefd... ll6 Humboldt 2^i
■ Gen Electric lITVa Osceola 83
Federal Steel 69% Parrott sl' ;
i Do prefd S2>* Quincy 160
I Mexican Central... 124 Santa Fe Copper.. 11%
i Michigan Tel 99 Tamarack 200
! Old Colony 202 jWlnona 14
i Old Dominion 37 Wolverine 43
I Union Pacific 39% t'tah Mining 41
j Union Land 7' . 1
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
| WASHINGTON. June To-day's state
! ment of the condition of the Treasury shows:
I Available cash balance, $272,389,466; gold re
■ serve, 1235,414.919.
LONDON MARKKT.
NEW YORK. June TO.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here are still disturbed by the
Transvaal politics, though it I? hoped war will
l>e averted. Paris was also a free seller to-day
on the Cabinet crisis. Consols were flat. Amer
icans were heavy and neglected, closing slightly
above the worst. Spanish 4's were firm at
62*4. Tintos were 43Vi@44 11-16. Anacondas,
10 1-16.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific. 95 ! 4; Northern Pacific pre
ferred, 76 V; Grand Trunk. 8; Atchison, 17%;
Union Pacific preferred. 75V4; Anaconda, I l ',.
bar silver, steady, 27\d per ounce; money, *i
per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, June 20.— FLOUR— Receipts,
15.14S barrels; exports, 16,604. Fairly active,
but a shade easier on top grades. Low-grade
springs were firmly held and In good demand.
WHEAT— Receipts, 208,200 bushels; exports,
214,315. Spot market weak; No. 2 red, S3>*c f.
o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 80% c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, S3\c i. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth, S7%c f. o. b. afloat. Options
opened weak because of liquidation prompted
by big: receipts and lower cables. Liquidation
continued steadily all day and at the close the
market was weak, showing l@H4c net decline.
Additional depressing factors were short sell-
Ing and arrivals of wheat at Baltimore. July
closed at 81Hc: September, 81 9-16f}S2%c, closed
82 B ic; December. 83H&S4»ic > closed $3^c.
Hi Quiet.
HlDES— Steady.
WOOL— Steady.
METALS The metal market was uninterest
ing, with price changes Insignificant. Buyers
and sellers found nothing in news from abroad
and the West to advise of material change In
prices. At the close the Metal Exchange
called:
Pl<; I RON— Warrants entirely nominal at
$13 50. t
LAKE COPPER— at $16 bid and $16 50
asked.
TlN— Steady, with $25 60 bid and $25 65 asked.
LEAD— Steady at $4 50. The brokers" price
for lead Is $4 25 and for copi>er $18 25.
SPELTER— DuII and nominal at $6 25.
COFFEE— Options closed steady for near and
barely steady for far months. Sales, 28,500
bags, including: July, $4 <i. r /at4 70; September,
$4 85(94 90; October, $4 So^4 95; November, $4 86;
December, $5 3506 40. Spot coffee— Rio, steady;
No. 7 Invoice, 6c; No. 7 jobbing:, 6Vic; mild,
steadier; Cordova, BS?l3c.
SUGAR— Raw, quiet; fair refining, 4Hc; cen
trifugal, 96 test, 4?« c; molasses sugar, 4c; re
fined, steady.
BUTTER — Receipts, 21,375 packages. Easy;
creamery, 15@17%c: factory, 12@14c.
EGGS— Receipts. 14,924 packages. Easy; West
ern, 14%® 15c; Southern, 9@l2c.
DRIED FRIITS.
NEW YORK, June 20.— California dried fruits
dull.
EVAPORATED APPLES— 6H@7c;
prime wire tray, B&®s4c; choice, 84@8%c;
fancy, Sft'SVic
PRUNES— 34«B4c
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 14c; Moorpark, 14@18c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 10<gl3c
CHICAGO G
RAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, June 20.— The opening In wheat
was a lively one, and for an hour the mar
! ket was as weak as even the most persistent j
bear could desire. September opened at TT\
7774 c, compared with yesterday's closing price
of 78'/ic. Large quantities of long wheat were i
offered, both local and outside traders dump- |
Ing their holdings on the market, and when
the first lull In the liquidation occurred, the
! price had been hammered down to 77c. News
' was of such a character as to discourage longs
who have been banking on the Russian crop
damage to offset the prospects of a big do
-1 mestic crop. General rains were reported in
Roumanla and rainfall was also reported from
; some parts of the Russian drought districts
I with a consequent improvement In crop pros-
I pects In those countries. Liverpool cables were
weak and lower. At the Mart there was a dis
position among shorts to cover at the decline,
but the bearlshness of domestic advices put
a check to even this support. With the ex-
I ception c. Nebraska and Kansas, In which
States some hot winds were reported, the
weather throughout the wheat country was re
ported favorable. Shortly before noon the mar
ket recovered a trifle in the absence of heavy
celling pressure, September advancing to 77 1 ; .
but liquidation was renewed after noon and
prices got down to a still lower level. Brad
street's showed an increase In the visible of
1,889,000 bushels, compared with 2.734,000 bush
| els decrease last year. During the last halt
hour there was increased selling by disgusted
long?, September gradually declining to 767ic,
where it closed.
Corn was fairly active and weak. The weak
ness was partly with wheat, but local influ
ences were also present. September lost 4c.
Oats ruled lower all day in sympathy with
wheat and corn, closing at the bottom with
a loss of 4c in September.
Provisions, considering the weakness in grain,
were fairly steady, especially aurlng. the morn
ing. Later the market yielded a little with
grain, but the close was steady. September
pork closed 74c lower, lard unchanged and
ribs 24c lower. :■•••.-■
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
"Wheat No. I— ' -••-.'-
July 78% 76% 754 7514
September 7774 . 7774 7674 7676
December 79% 79% 784 7844
Corn No. 2—
July 34% 3474 34% 34%
September 3474 35 344 341^
December 344 34Vi 33T4 \ 83%
Oats No. 2— \
July 24% 24% 24% 244
September 224 224 21% 21%
May 244 244 244 24V*
Mess Pork, per barrel —
July 835 . 835 .8 224 825
September 850 8 624 8 424 8 42 1 -.
Lard, per 100 pounds-
July 505 505 6 024 6 024
September 5 174 520 515 6 174
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
July 475 475 4 724 4 724
September ....490 490 85 4 85'
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, steady; No. 3 spring wheat. 724@75%c;
( No. 2 red, 7654 c; No. 2 corn, 3i%@3i%c; Mo* 2
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 21, 1899.
oats 26Vic; No. 3 white, 27^i^30c; No. 2 rye,
61c; No. 2 barley. 3R@4lc: No. 1 flaxseed, $1 074;
prime timoth> seed, $2 35^2 40; mess pork, per
barrel, J7 Bo@B 25; lard, per 100 pounds, $4 95ig>
.'. 05; short rib sides, loose, 14 5504 8S; dry
salted shoulders, boxed. 4 & »S > '4vt,c: short clear
sides, boxed, $508 <^S; whiskey, distillers' fin
ish..! (roods, per gallon, $1 26.
Articles — --■>--. Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels 15,000 10.000
Wheat, bushels..... 201.000 2.000
Corn, bushels 696,000 654,000
Oats, bushels 284.000 ' 418,000
Rye, bushels 2,000 7.000
Barley, bushels ;... 600 4,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creameries, 13%5t15c; dairies,
10''?l"..\ Cheese, firm. SU@SHc. Eggs, barely
steady; fresh, 12U@12V4c.
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— July. Sept. Dec.
Opening.. "...6 O'i 6 2** 6 3 8
Closing 6 11*; 0 2 6 3U
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— June. Sept.-Dec.
Opening 19 95 20 85 .
Closing 19 90 20 &v
Flour—
Opening 42 90 • 28 40
Closing 42 75 28 46
AVAILABLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK, June 20.— Special cable and tele
graphic dispatches to Bradstreet's indicate the
following chances in available supplies last
week :
Wheat, United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, increase. 689,000 bushels: afloat for
and in Europe, increase, 700,000; total supply,
Increase, 1,?19.000 bushels.
Corn. United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease, 770,000 bushels.
Oats, United States and Canada, eaat of the
Rockies, decrease. 985.000 bushels.
The aggregate stock Of wheat held at Port
land. Or., and Tacoma and Seattle, Wash., in
creased 66.0C0 bushels last week.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SAUj.
The Earl Fruit Company sold California fruit
at auction to-day at the following prices:
CHICAGO, June 20.— Simon! Prunes, single
crates, average $2 30; Burbank Plums, $1 3563,
average $2 16; Abundance Plums. $1 30®2 10, j
average $1 97; Royal Apricots, $1 70^2 45, aver- |
age ■?■-' 07; St. John Peaches, boxes, ?1 06@l 75,
average $1 45; Hales Early, average 94c; Cly
man Plums, single crates, average $1 22; Alex
ander Peaches, boxes, 60@80c, average 72c; eight
car:? sold to-day.
BOSTON, June 20.— Tragedy Prunes, single
crates, ?1 35@2 60, average $1 SO; Burhank
Plums, SI 35@1 66, average $1 4«; Abundance
Plums, average SI 41 : Simon) Prunes. 95c@$] SO.
average $1 37: Royal Apricots. Jl ir.Vrl 45. aver
age $131: Alexander Peaches, boxes, 55c@80c, |
average 74c: four cars sold to-day. !
PHILADELPHIA. June 20.— Royal Apricots.
single crates, SI 45'<7 2 40, average $1 71: Simonl
Prunes, average SI 66; Tragedy Prunes, aver- '
age Jl 59; flyman Plums, 85c@S1 25, average I
$1 22; B. Oregon Cherries, boxes, average $1 BO; j
Alexander Peaches, SOc@sl 06, average 91c; five j
cars sold to-day. j
NEW YORK. June 20.— Simon! Prunes, sin
gle crates. $1 1.".'./! 53, average 51 31: Tragedy '
Prunes, $1 30@l 76, average $1 4S; Royal Anne
Cherries, boxes. 60c((jJ2 37. average $1 60; B. ]
Tartarian, 55c@i$l 35, average $121; Clyman ■
Plums, single crates, 65c®|l 25. average 91c;
Alexander Peaches, boxes, 60c@$l 25, average
73e; Eulatis Peaches, 65@75c, average 72c; ,
Brlggs 1 Early May, 45c@|l 25, average f.9c;
seventeen oars sold to-day.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, June 20, Th.' usual light Tuesday
run Of cattle was well taken at generally un
changed prices. Offerings consisted mostly of
ordinary bands. Good to choice beeves sold at
%.'<''! .. 50; commoner grades bringing $4 4004 95;
feeding cattle, *3 65<?J5; hulls, cows and heif- I
ers, $"!@5 10, the latter price for choice heifers; |
Western fed steers, $4 60@5 35; Texans, $3 $o(ii>
4 90. and calves, $4 2.">'S7 05.
The market for hogs was active at prices i
s@7^4c higher than yesterday. Light hogs
brought J3 70@3 90; mixed lots, $3 7063 90, and |
heavy, $3 55@3 90; pigs sold for $3 35<g>3 80, and i
culls. $1 50@3 50.
There was a good demand for sheep and 1
lambs, and prices ruled steady with prime I
clipped lambs at the highest point of the year. ,
Sheep, $S@3 80 for culls up to 15®5 25 for best
flocks; clipped lambs brought $4 7.V'i 65; Colo- j
rado wooled lambs, $6 60?i6 75, and shipping j
lambs at $4 20<ii7 20.
Receipts Cattle, 2600; hogs, 20,000; " sheep, j
13,000.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
;; . .
PORTLAND, Or., June Clearances, $238,
--144: balances, 524.600.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
I
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., June 20.— Fifty-nine cents |
was paid for Walla Walla wheat to-day, with j
reports that even better had been done in the j
country At the same time some of the deal- ;
ers announced themselves out of the wheat ■
market at anything about 58@68^4c. Valley is j
easy at 59@60c and blue stem 62c. '
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash., June 20.— Wheat continues !
firm at the advance recorded on Monday, 59c |
for club, 62c for blue stem.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
Consols, 108 1-16; silver. 27% d; French rentes, '
lOlf 2.V; wheat cargoes off coast, buyers in- 1
different operators; cargoes on passage, nom
inally unchanged; cargoes No. 1 standard Cali
fornia, 31s Id; English country markets,- quiet.
LIVERPOOL, June 20.— Wheat, dull; French!
country markets, steady; weather In England,
COTTON— Uplands, 3 13-32.1.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— No. 2 red Western, 6s 3d; No. 1
red Northern Duluth, dull, 6s 3d. Futures,
dull. July, 5s 11% d; September, 6s 2d; De
cember, 6s 3' 4 d.
— American mixed, spot, new. steady,
3s 4%d; do old, steady, 3s 6d. Futures, quiet.
July. 3s sMsd; August, 3s 6V*d. ■ / ■ ■
FLOUR -St. Louis fancy winter, strong, Bs.
Receipts Of wheat during the past three days,
291. centals, including 213.000 American.
Receipts of American corn for the past three
days, 1118,200 centals. . . .
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 $64
; Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 SS4 >
Sterling Cables — 4 i -:"l
New York Exchange, sight..;.... — 124
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Mexican Dollars — 484Q50
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— firm at 30s, usual
; options. The chartered wheat fleet In port has
' a registered tonnage of 18,480, against 6774 tons ;
j on the same data last year; disengaged, 28,000
tons, against 6330: on the • way to this port,
152.t40 tons, against 235,000.
WHEAT— lmnstuffnage takes for Liver
pool 112,040 ctls, valued -at $133,050.
Bullish news continues to be received from
the Continent, but the market hangs lire Just
the same. Btrassburg cabled Chicago that the
outlook for the French and German crops was
less favorable. Beerbohm cabled that dry, hot
and unfavorable weather continued in South
ern Russia. A Budapest cable, reported rust
and other unfavorable condition! in Hungary.
Continental buyers again appeared in Chicago,
but the selling of large operators discouraged
them. July liquidation is holding the market
j down and the big Corn longs are selling Wheat
as a hedge. The St. Louis traders also sold
I heavily.
The local market Is firmer under a good ship
ping demand. Futures, however, are lower.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 10®l II*; milling,
$1 12V4@1 16,
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December
1000 ctls. SI 19,4; 4000. 11 19%:
Second Session — 2000 ctls, fi 19'/,.
Regular Morning Session— December — ctls
$1 li'/L; 6000, $1 19»/ 8 .
Afternoon Session — December — 8000 ctls
$1 19V4-
BARLEY — New Ib coming In so freely and Is
in such favor that old Is now nominal. The
market is weak and offerings are made for
future delivery at ii decline.
Feed, new, 90@92Vfcc; Brewing, 95c; old Brew
ing, $Vrfl 06 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— Seller '99, new
—2000 ctls. 824 c.
Second Session— No rales.
Regular Morning Session— Seller '99, new— 6ooo
ctls, 824 c; 2000, S2',;c. T?,'i**\
Afternoon Session — December— 2ooo ctls 85%c
--6000, 854 c; Seller '99, new— . B2\c.
OATS— The market continues to decline and
is very dull.
Fancy Feed, $1 424©1 45 per ctl; good to
choice, $1 37 1 —'? M 10; common. Ji S24#l 35- sur
prise, $1 474©1 55; Gray, $1 35®1 40; Milling
M 424&1 47' 2 per ctl; Red, Jl 324©1 374; Black
Jl 30.
CORN— recent free arrivals from the
East and the abundance of pasturage have
weakened the market, which is dull, with
larger offerings.
Small round Yellow. $1 30^1 35; Eastern large
Yellow. $110^1124: White, $1 10@l 15; mixed
$1 10 per ctl; California White, »i 174@1 224.
RYE— 974c©Jl per ctl. A sample of the new
crop has been received from the San Joaquln ;
It Is a good specimen.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60^3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras. $3 40(53 50; Oregon
and Washington, $3 40@3 45 per barrel for extra,
$3 25@3 40 for bakers' and $2 20@2 50 for super
fine. ■
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 Ibr; Rye Flour, $2 75- Rye
Meal. 12 50; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 50<(j'4 73-
Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy. $3 25'ff3 50; Buck
wheat Flour, J4@4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75-
Farina, J4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, J.I 50; Rolled
Oats -(barrels), $6 55(56 95; in sacks, J6 35(J6 75-
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas'
$5 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFF'S.,
Hay continues In the dumps. Receipts are
moderate, but nobody wants to buy. Alfalfa
.alooe is firm, being very scarce, goma old Al
falfa sold nt $8 50 yesterday. Medium wheat
Hay Is weak. . ; ,„.
Rolled Barley Is declining. Bran and Mid
dlings are unchanged. :
BRAN— SI 6 60917 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SIBfiI9 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $21@21 60 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $27<325; Jobbing.
$28 50*329; Cocoanut Cake, $20^21; Cornmeal.
$23 50624 50; Cracked Corn, $24625; Mixed Feed,
$15616; Cottonseed Meal. $24®26 per ton.
OLD. HAY— Wheat. $10611 for good to choice
and $869 for lower grades; Wheat and Oat,
$S610; Oat, $7<S9; Barley, $6@B; Alfalfa, nomi-
NEW HAY— Wheat. $S@10: Wheat and Oat.
$S r,O<?T9; Wild Oat, $7@S; Alfalfa, $66*7 DO per
ton.
STRAW— 2S6SOc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Pome changes in Peans will b* obsen,-ed.
Bayos are in good demand and higher.
Seeds are unchanged.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 50©l 60; Small White. $20
2 05; Large White, Jl 5061 66; Pinks, $1 656)
1 85: Reds. $3 40; Blackeye. $464 10; Butters,
nominal: Limas. $4; Pea, $2 2562 36; Red Kid
neys, $2 25 per ctl. „
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard, 2-V/.V; Flax, nominal: Canary Seed,
2*e per It>: Alfalfa. 9@9%c: Rape, 363V40;
Hemp, 4i-i64^c; Timothy. 4%<B>Sttc.
DRIED PEAS— $1 50©l 90; Green, $1 75
'JT2 25 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Another advance in Potatoes and Onions Is
noted. The demand is brisk and there is no
accumulation of stock.
Vepetables are In good supply, and the bay
sorts are beginning to appear.
POTATOES— New Peerless, $1 85f?2 10: new
Early Rose, $1 76©2; Burbanks, $1 Ss@2 10 per
ctl on the wharf.
ONIONS— New, 45@55c per sack for red and
poc-f/fl per ctl for Silverskins.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, 50c@$l 25 per box
for No. 2, $1 50@l 7.". for No. 1 and $2 for
fancy; Rhubarb. Ss@7sc per box: Green Peas.
m.®2%c per Ib; String Beans, 2'!?4c for Green,
■r- ..■■;'..■ for Refugee and 3c for Golden Wax;
Horse Beans. 40050 c per sack; Cabbage. 65e;
Tomatoes. J1(B1 7. . per box; Mississippi Toma
toes. Jl .""Hi 75; Egg Plant, MiW^r per Ib;
Garlic. 2<f(4c for new: Dried Okra, 15c per Ib;
Dried Peppers. lOo ; Green Peppers, 10@15c; Car
rots. 30<fi40c per sack: Sacramento and Marys
vllle Cucumli«rF!, sOc<7jsl per box; Bay Cucum
bers, $2: Summer Squash, 80@5Oe per box for
Vacaville and Ssc!?sl for Bay; Green Corn. 10®
20c per dozen and SifM 50 per sack.
POULTRY AND GAME.
The market Is quiet, though good young stock
is selling very well. Hens are dull.
Another car of Eastern sold at 12»*c for Tur
keys. $1 for Ducks, SI 25 for Geese, J7®7 50 for
Hens, $tj((i6 50 for old Roosters.
POULTRY Turkeys, lift 13 c. for Gob
blers and liaise for Hens; Geese, per pair, i
$l«n 2.".: Goslings, $161 25; Ducks, Sir,-, for old !
and $4 5006 for young; Hens, J.")<ii6; young
Roosters, •'"■T'ii^: old Roosters, $"> 50®6; Fryers,
14 50@5; Broilers. 13 f,fi'fj4 for large, %2'ii " for
small; Pigeons. $1 2.'i«Jl 50 per dozen for old and
}1 :■■'■:"[ '.:, for Squabs.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter is off a fraction. The demand Is not
sufficient to consume all the arrivals, and
the dealers are packing the surplus. Cheese
continues weak. Eges continue to drag and
prices are lower.
BUTTER
Creamers Fancy Creamery, IS©ISV4c; see
on Is, \'.'ii 17% c
Dairy— Fancy, 17c; good to choice, 16@16Hc;
store, li'// 15c per Ib.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, C ; old, 7M,c;
Young America, 9@loc; Eastern, 13®15c.
EGGS— Quoted at 15(ii'16c for store and !S®l9c
per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 16fi 16ViC for No.
1 and i4'ii"'C for seconds.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The canners are paying the following prices:
Peaches, $20 for frees and J3O for clings; Apri
cots, $31 650 per ton, according to size, quality !
and district; Bartlett Pears, J4o(ii'4s per ton;
Green and Yellow Plums, $15 per ton.
The canners are buying up all the Apricots In
sight, both here and in the country at firm
prices. They are after Bartleti Pears, too.
Peaches continue firm, as receipts are much
lighter. The other orchard fruits are in ample
supply and not materially changed. There 13
a strong demand for yellow and green plums
on canning account, but they seem to be rather
scarce this year.
Oranges are lower, as the demand is all for
fresh fruits now. Lemons have again ad- j
vanced. ' i ' :
Berries meet with a good demand, which uses
up all the arrivals.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 12',25<35c per small and 50(f175c per ',
large bos and Ls@2oc per basket; Crabapples,
IQf; :Aq per box.
Blackberries. $4^5 per chest; from
Newcastle, 50c ncr crate; Strawberries. $7<£nO
per chest for small and $3<&4 for large berries;
Raspberries, $4Si7 per chest; Newcastle Rasp
berries, per crate; Logan Berries, JStjjs per
chest. ■ •
Seedless Grapes from Tuma, $1 25'2 ! 1 50 per
crate.
Currants — 4 50<a6 per chest.
Cherries. 25(g75c per box for black; Royal
Anne, 7"..? l; black, in bulk, 7#3c per Ib; ]
Royal Anne, 7(fjSc; cracked Cherries, 4<fi6c.
Green Pears. 85c@tl per box. according to
size, and per. basket; Bartletts, nominal.
Fig.», 40@50c per drawer and Jl(gl 25 per box
for black -and tor white.
Apricots, 40JjS5c per box and 3u@isoc per basket [
for Royals.
Peaches, 25@65c per box and 30$ 00 c per baa- ;
ket.
Plums, 30@60c per box; Prunes, 75(g550 per
crate; Japanese Plums, per crate.
Cherry Plums. 15_®25c per drawer.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 BOOS 50
per box; Seedlings, $ir£l 60; Mediterranean
Sweets, $1 255/1 75; Lemons, $I@2 for common i
and $2 50(fi3 50 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, $4'a4 50; California Limes, S6®soc per
Email box; Bananas, $1 50@2 50 per bunch; Pine
apples, $l<ti2 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS AND RAISINS.
Sale of a car of Southern Apricots, July dp- ]
livery, at 9c per Ib. No other .transactions in |
new fruit are reported.
New Honey continues quiet, though sales are j
being made right along.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 6Uc for 4n-srr , 6c j
for 50-60's, 4c for 60-70's. 3!4@334c for 70-So"s, !
2% 57 3V4 0 for SO-50's, 2%@2%C for 90-100's and !
2SI2V4C for 100-110' 8 ; Peaches, S'.-.'ijS'.jc for good |
to choice, lOigiOV&c for fancy and 14Q'15c for
peeled; Apricots, old crop, 12!*(gl3c for Royals j
and 14Jil5c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, '
nominal; sun dried, out; Plums, nominal, l^jc
for unpltted and 4^fi6c for pitted; Pears, 3^ji
Be, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— ?.\c for two-crown, 4?ic for three
crown, 5%c for four-crown, 4 ! 4<{r6c for Seedless
Sultanas, 3^c for Seedless Muscatels and Ji 20
for London layers; Dried Grapes, 2%(i33c.
NUTS- Chestnuts, 7c per Ib; Walnuts, s(gSc
for hardshell, 10<Jillc for softshell; Almonds, S>@ I
9c for hardshell, 12#13c forVsoftshell, 14@16c for |
papershell; Peanuts, G!g7c for Eastern and 2 yi
5c for California; CocoanutS, $4 s<Vys.
HONEY— Comb, 10®Uc for bright and Big9c
for lower grades; water white extracted, 6Vsig>
7c; light amber extracted, 6V 4 'Ji6 1 ,-ic; dark, Isii
SM.C per Ib.
BEESWAX— per Ib.
PROVISIONS.
Government orders keep the market fairly
active. Hams continue to advance and are in
quick demand. Bacon and Lard are unchanged.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, Re per Ib for' heavy.
V./n'M- for light medium, 10^@llc for light, 12c
for extra light and 12V4@13c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar cured Hams, 12@12'4c; Cali
fornia Hams, LlVi@l2c; Mess Beef. $13 per bbl;
extra Mess. Beef, $14; Family Beef, 115016 50;
extra prime Pork, $12 50; extra clear, $16 50;
mess, $15016 50; Smoked Beef, 12c per Ib. .
LARD — Tierces quoted at SViijlSHc per Ib for
compound and 6VJ(S7c for pure; half barrels,
pure, 7^c: 10-lb tins, 7»;<SSc; r.-lb tins, SiJiSVjc.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 8%@6%c; packages,
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb pails, 60 In a case, 9^c;
3-lb palls. 20 in a case, B%c; 5-lb palls, 12 in a
case, SVic; 10-lb pails, 6 in a case, B%c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7v' 8 c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, 8' 2 c; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, 7T*ic; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7*ic.
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
Hides are easier, owing to a weaker feeling
in the East.
Hops are dull, and nominal and no contracts
for new Califoinlas are reported.
Wool continues In brisk demand and a further
advance In quotations is noted. The Eastern
manufacturers have begun to buy, so the spec
ulators who purchased so heavily Home time
ago nave won their point. The manufacturers
are paying rather higher prices than was ex
pected a few weeks ago.
HIDES AND SKINS- Cull* and brands aell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, lv' 2 c; medium. 9%@10c; light. :'c: Cow
hides. B@9V4c; Stags, 8c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c; dry Hides, sound. 16' 2 o; culls and brands,
13c; dry Kip and Veal! 15©lfiV4c; dry Calf, 17.-;
Bheepskins, shearlings, 20jf>SSc each: short
Wool, Ss@soc each: medium, 60®7Sc; long Wool
Suefr/Sl ZG each; Horse Hides, salt, $2@2 50 for
lurge and $1 for small; Colts, 50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4#4»4c per lb; No.
2, SfiSttc; refined, ; grease, :c.
WOOL— Spring Clips,— San Joaquin and
Southerns, 7 months, 7'A^t'Ac; Foothill and
Northern free, llffitfc; Foothill and Northern
defective, lifiHc; Nevada. 10$il3c; San Joaquin
Foothill free. 10912 c; do defective, SO9c; Hum
boldt and Mendocino, 15tJ17c; Eastern Oregon,
12f314c for choice and StfilH-jc for fair to good
HOPS— IB9B crop, 13@17%c ix>r lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 5H9&%c; Wool
Bags, 2611280; San Quentin Bags, ft 95.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New ' Wellin
gton, $8; Southfl>ld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle. $G;
Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch, $«; Cumberland, $S 50 In bulk and $9 50
tn sackß: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cannel, $860 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $11
in sacks.
CORDAGE— ManiIa. 12c; Sisal, 11 Vie; Bale
Rope, lie; Duplex, 10\ic basis.
CANNED VEGETABLES— Peas, 75@85e; As
paragus. $1 60^2 85; Tomatoes. 80@S5c.
I CANNED FRUITS-Cberrles. V 75®2 25 Xor j
black and $1 75'ff2 10 for white; Peach**, II |:/(J
1 65; Pears, 30@l 75; Apricots, $1 20©l 66;
Plums, Ssc<gsl 25.
■ COFFEE — Costa 13*6<8ir,r. for prime
washed; -12^@13c for good washed; liV'/l"
for good to prime washed peaberry; • lO'&llc for
good peaberry; 10012 c lor good to prime; v,,v
nominal for good current mixed with black
beans; B@9!4c for fair; oViftTc fur common to
ordinary. Salvador— lo6l2c tor good to prims
washed; B@Si*ic for fair washed; 10H©ll'/iO for
good to prime washed peaberry; 7%@Sc for mi
perior unwashed; 7%fj7'Ac for good green un
washed; y@9V£c for good to prime Unwashed
peaberry. Nicaragua— "'iftSc nominal for rood
to superior unwashed; y<i'j'ic nominal for good
to prime unwashed peaberry. Guatemala and
Mexican— l 4« 16c for prime to fancy washed;
1 '■•' I-' 1 ' for good to strictly good washed; ", vi
10c for lair washed: 6-V"7 : 2 c for medium; :.'-i
6V40 for Inferior to ordinary; 10@11V4c lor good
to prime washed peaberry; 9@9%c Cor gooj un
washed peaberry; abc for good to superior
unwashed.
PACIFIC CODFlSH— Bundles, 4c; cases, 4 V
cases, imitation Eastern, .V v -; boneless, 5%c;
strips, 5-\i§6Uc; blocks, 4%ffft;V4c; tablets. 7' 2 . .
middles, 6@B%c; desiccated S7Vie, less 15 pet
cent; pickled. m barrels, $8 SO; pickled hall
barrels, $1 50.
LEATHER— Sole, heavy, 25^2Sc per lb; Bole
Leather, medium, 24@26c; Sole Leather, light.
24f0 25c; rough Leather, heavy, 24@25c; rough
Leather, light, 24@2ac; Harness Leather heavy,
32@33c; Harness Leather medium, 30@32c Har
ness Leather, light. 29<930c; Collar Leather 14
ifilfic per foot; Kip, finished, 40@50c per Ib:
Veal, finished, 60@55c; Calf, finished 75c<8?1;
Sides, finished, 16@17c per foot; Belt Knife
Splits, 14@16c; Rough Splits. B#loc per Ib.
OlL— California Castor Oil, cases, No. 1 75c;
pure. $1 06; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled! 50c;
raw, 4Sc; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil. extra winter
strained, barrels. 54c; No. l, 46c; cases, 5c
more; china Nut, 45«r/55c per gallon; Pure
Neatsfoot Oil, barrels, 50c; cases, :,',>•; Sperm,
crude, 60c; natural white, 40c; bleached white.,
42Vtc; Whale Oil,' natural white, 37V4c; bleached
white, 45c; Pacific Rubber Mixed Paints, white
and house colors, $1 25fil 35 per gallon- wagon
colors. $2-52 25 per gallon.
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE AND NAPH
THA—Water Whit.- Coal Oil, In bulk, ll^c per
pallon; Pearl Oil. in cases, lfi>;,o; Astral Oil,
16^c; Star Oil, 16Vic: Extra Star Oil . ■■'-■■'
Elaine Oil. 21V->c; Eocene oil. isw..-; Deodorized
.Stove Gasoline, in bulk, 16c; In cases 21c-
Benzine, in bulk, 15>£c; in case , 20\4c; Sfi de
gree Gasoline. in bulk. 21c: In cases 26c
CANDLES Electric Light Candles. Cs. 16 ox,
4 c; 6s, 14 oz, 7V. 'is, 12 oz. 6V4c; Cs, 10 oz
'>':>c: 12s, 12 oz. 7'.«c. Granite (Mining) Candles—
6s. IB oz. !»i, 4 c ; fis, 14 oz. SVic; 6s, 12 oz, 7V: 6s,
10 oz. 6>ic Paraffine Wax Candles— ls 2s 4s
6s, white. <)%e; 12s, 10^c; colored, lc higher.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at s«i@6c; Red Lead
and Litharge, .■".■>, tic per 1 1 >
TURI*ENTINE- In cases, 61c; in iron barrels
."2c; in wooden barrels, 58c.
LUCOI>- Boiled, barrels'; 43c; raw, barrels,
43c; cases, 5c more.
QUICKSILVER— S42 per flask for local use
and $39@39 50 for export
SUGAR Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-lb bags:
j Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, s?ic-
Powdered. 5%c; Candy Granulated, r.-V: Dry
Granulated. s^4c; Confectioners' A, 6%c; Cali
fornia A, Be; Magnolia A, 4%c; Extra C. 4%.-; '
Golden C. 4»<,c; barrels, 1-16« more; half-barrels,
'«'' more; boxes. 1,,, more; 50-lb bags. %c more ,
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its !
equivalent.
LUMBER.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes, J165J17; extra sizes, higher:
Redwood, *17<g>18 for No. 1 and $1a.@16 for No 2;
Lath, 4 feet, $2 20®2 30; Pickets. $l<t : Shingles,
$1 .'"■(il 7:. for common and $2 7n for fancy-
Shakes. $11 for split and $12 for sawn; Rustic
$21627.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
There Is no change in any description. Hogs
are easy at the recent decline. Choice Beef
is firm, but medium grades are not. Mutton
Is steady, while Veal Is scarce and firm.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF 7%@Btec per Ib for Steers and 6fe@7c
for Cows.
VEAL— 7@9c per Ib.
MUTTON -Wethers, 7@7%e: Ewes, 7c per Ib
LA Mi: Spring. 7%@BHc per Ib
PORK— Live Hogs, 5%@6%c for small, 6%c
for medium and 5@5%c for large; stock
Hogs and Feeders, Re: dressed Hogs, 7@S4
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Tuesday, June 2«.
Flour, qr sks 5,498 Sugar, sks 100
Wheat, ctls 112.039 3ugar, bbls 7:,
Barley, ctls 2,656 Sugar, tons i>n
Oats, ctls 1,392 Egrgs, doz 1.1.770
lorn, ctls. East. 2,400 Wine, gals 25,950
Rye, ctls 520 leather, r0115.... m
T'heese, ctls 47 Lime, bbls 273
Butter, ctls Cis Wool bags ... 184
Means, sks 507 Pelts, tMIs 22S
Potatoes, sks 1,613 Hides, no 4;>4
Middlings, sks.... 606 Hay. tons 235
Onions, sks 1.884 Straw, tons 40
THE STOCK MARKET.
On the morning session of the Bond Ex
change Market Street Railway declined to
$62 75. Other changes were insignificant.
Mining stocks were dull and rather weaker.
The telegram from the pump said: "The see
! ond elevator is keeping the water flown. '1 ho
'. first elevator Is being rearranged, strengthened
and prepared for another lowering."
The shipments from the Kureka, Nev., dis
; trlct by rail for the week ending June 16 were
as follows: Alexandria mine, 34,71 c pounds;
I Bullwhacker, 30,360; Diamond, 51, 730; Kur.'ka
Con., 26ti,t>00; Kureka Tunnel, 65,17u; Farlinper,
i 12,060; Hamburg, 42. .'W0; Jackson, 75,170; J. \v.
' Lambert, 27,400; Marguerite, 7630; Spring Val
! ley, 2^o; Silverado, 2MO; Wllliamsburg. 3MW;
j Wittenberg, 5270; Hamilton-MeEllin, 33.H40;
! Rocco-Homestake, 146.750.
The Hutchlnsun Plantation Company yester
day paid a dividend of 2i.c.
The Spring Valley Water Company yesterday
paid ;i dividend of 42c
The Paraffin* Paint Company has declared a
quarterly divide;. d of 25c per share, payable on
the 2:' th.
The Reward Gold Mining Company of Nevada
County lias levied «n assessment of 24c per
share, delinquent July 17. The incline shaft
! at the mine is to be sunk 300 feet deeper and
I the assessment has been levied to provide
; money fur that purpose.
] A rep' nt from the Alaska Mexican mine of
j June 9, with 120 stamps fi>r thirty days, shows
! 13.52R tons ore reduced of the ascertained value
of $21, ."46. and 270 tons sulphurets of a value
1 of $10,820, making a total product for the month
: of J32.:'.66. The ore averaged $2 70 per ton. Ex
penses for the month were $20,456.
The Alaska-United mine for the thirty-five
i days ending June 7, with 220 stamps, reports
31i77 tons ore crushed, of the ascertained value
of $34,480, and 517 tons .sulphurets of the value
of $19,530, making the product $55,010 for the
j period covered. The ore averaged $1 87 per ton.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, June 20—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Bonds— Mutual El Co. 144 15
Is <iuar c0up.. 114 — Oakland Gas.. 46 48
(s quar reg... — — Pae Gas Imp.. 70 —
If quar new. .1294130 Pae L Co 434 45
!5s quar coup.. — — BF O ft: E — 71
Miscellaneous— Han Fran 3% 3^
Cal-st Cab ss. 117 — Stockton Gas. 12 —
C C Wat 5s limil24 Insurance—
E L & P 65. .1304 — Firem't Fund. 22o —
F & Cl Ry 6s. — 113 Bank Stocks—
Geary-st R ss. 90 ( .i9 Anglo-Cal — 65V»
HC & S 8%8..102% — Hank or Ca1.,276 —
I L A Ry 55. ...106^ — Cai cs 1) & T. — 99
I L A Li Co 65. 1014 — First Nationl.22o —
| Do gntd 65. 1014 — Urn P & A.... — 13L
1 L A L Co ss. — 101 Mer Exchange — 16
Market-st 65.. 129 — Nev Nat Uk.. — —
l>o Ist M ss. — 117 Savings Hanks—
NCN G R 75. 108 — G«-r S & L..1W0 1650
N Ry Cal 65.. — 117 Hum S & L.1U50 1160
N R*of Cal 58.113H114 Mutual Saw 35 —
NPC R X 6s. — — S F Say L\. 500 —
KPC R R ss. — — 8 & L. So.. — S6V4
■N Cal R R 55. 11 l — Security SB.— 3"0
(ink Gas 55. ..11 l — Union T Co. — 14tii
i>m C Ry 65. 127 130 Street Railroads—
P& Cl Ry 65. 107 — California 116 —
i P & OCs 117 — Ueary 50 —
| Powell-st 65... — 1224 Market-st .... 62% —
1 >ac El Ry sa. — — Oak S I. & II — —
3F * N P 55. 116 — I'resldlo — 16
R F & S JY.-.s.lH'-lIS Powder—
•Jierraß Cal 6S.IOSU — California 155 170
S P of A 65.. .113^114 X Dynamite... 90 —
3PCtJ (19O6)11O%1W4 Slant Con Co. TA —
SPC 6s (19(«) — — Vigorlt 3^4 3Vi
S PC Cs (1912) — — Sugar—
SPCIs eg ss. 104 — Hana F C 0.... 17' A 17 7 t,
SPBr 6s 124 — Haw C & S C.104 lOnl,
i S V Wat 6b. ..116 — Hutch S P Co. 33 33Ms
B V Wat 45. ..104^ — Kllauea S Co. — 30^
IS V W4B(8dm).I01%102 Onomea S Co. 40V« 41
1 Ptktn Gns 68..W2V4— Paauhau S P. 40% —
! Water Stocks— lalseeUaneous—
Contra Costa.. 71 — Al Pac Assn. .112^.1134
Marln Co 60 — Ger Ld Wks.2so —
Spring Valley.loo^4lol Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Gas and Electric— Oceanic S Co. So 85%
Capital Gas... — — Pac A F A.... 2H 2%
Central G Co.. — — Pac C Hor Co. — 135
Cent L, & P.. 6 7 Par Paint Co.. 7% —
Eqult GL. Co. 5 5>4
Morning Session.
Board—
I 25 Contra Costa Water 71 25
25 Contra Costa Water 71 12' i
17:, contra ivsta Water 7100
100 Hana Plantation Co. b 10 17 S7' 2
105 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 105 00
200 Market Street Railway 62 75
20 Market Street Railway 62 87%
2G Mutual Electric Light 15 00
M Oakland Gas 46 00
100 Paauhau S P Co 40 124
100 Vlgorit Powder 3 25
Afternoon Session.
Board —
50 Contra Costa Water 71 00
GO Equitable Gas 5 i2>>.
25 Giant Powder Con, b 30 74 00
10 Giant Powder Con 73 75
20 Giant Powder Con, b 30 73 87%
20 Giant Powder Con, s 30 73 00
75 Hutchinson S P Co 33 00
100 Paauhau S P Co 40 12' i
50 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 90 71 00
10 S V Water 101 25
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
45 Contra Costa Water 71 00
20 Oceanic S S Co 85 12 ' A
75 Central Light & Power 6 50 *
150 Vigorlt Powder 3 25
Street—
2a Paaukau S P Co 40 50
Afternoon Session.
Poard —
30 Market Street Railway..!. 63 00
40 Paauhau S P Co 40 50
. 2') T'aauhau S P Co .'. 40 37Vi
100 Equitable Gas 5 25
25 8 F Gas & Electric Co 71 62V*
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Ronrd —
CO Alaska Parkers' Association 112 25
20 Contra Costa Water 71 00
100 Equitable Gnu 5 2.".
40 S f Gas & Electric Co 71 75
Afternoon Session. '
Board—
40 Contra Costa Water 71 25
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 105 00
HO Hutfhlnson s P Co 33 12*4
60 8 F Gas «• Electric Co 71 624
30 8 V Water 101 62
MINING STOCKS.
Following were th» sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session. - - •:
600 Andes 12 100 Mexican 42
300 Bullion OS 300 Ophir S6
100 'hollar 25 200 Seg Belcher.... 07
800 Con cal & V...1 30 500 Utah ; 12
Afternoon Session.
200 Alpha 03 100 Justice 13
300 Alta 03i 200 Ophir S3
1000 Andes Hi 400 Ophlr S3.
200 Challenge 3] 10.) Savage 21
700 Con Cal & V...1 .'.-, 200 Sierra Nev 61
300 Con New York. 03 600 Union Con. . .. 31
100 Crown Point... 25 200 Yellow Jacket.. 34
30i> Gould & Curry. 20
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning- Session.
150 Belcher 35 300 Ophir S7
600 Best & Belcher 34 960 Ophir S5
200 Caledonia' ...... 67 500 Potosl 36
500 ''hollar 25 1250 Sierra Nev 60
200 Con Cal & V...1 30 (00 Union Con 33
500 Crown Point... 20 200 Union Con . 32
200 Mexican 43 200 Utah 12
900 Mexican -..42 200 Yellow Jacket.. 36
.Afternoon Session.
200 Challenge Con. 31 200 Ophir 84
200 Con Cal & V...1 200 Potosl .. . 36
70 Con <'al & V...1 800 Savage 21
100 Confidence 8S 300 Sierra Nev . SO
600 Crown Point... 26 200 Union Con 32
600 Gould * Curry. 20 300 Utah 12
300 Mexican 41 375 Yellow Jacket.. 34
500 Ophlr 83
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, June 20—4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bid. Ask
Alpha 02 04 Justice — 14
Alta 02 04 Kentuck — .03
Andes 11 12 Lady Wash.... 01 02 <
Belcher 34 35 Mexican 42 43 i
Best & Belcher 35 37 Occidental 19 —
Bullion 05 06 Ophir 85 86
Caledonia 55 CO Overman 15 16
('hollar 2,". 26 potosi 37 38
Challenge Con. 30 —Savage 20 22
Confidence 90 —Scorpion — 03
Con Cal & V...1 25 1 3t;Seg Belcher.... 05 07
Con Imperial... — l>2 Sierra Nev 60 61
Crown Point... 26 27 Silver Hill — 02
Eureka C0n.... — 40 Syndicate —.05 ;
Con New York. 02 — Standard — 50 :
Exchequer — 03 St Louis 10 — '
Gould & Curry. 20 22 Union Con 31 32
Hale & Norcrs. 32 33 Utah 11 ■ 12
Julia 02 •03 Yellow Jacket.. 36 37
ASSESSMENTS PENDING.
.
„
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Bank of California to Mary P. Halght, lot on
S line Of Green street, H'.< X of Van Ness ave
nue. S 82, NE 31, N 46, \V 25, quitclaim deed;
$12. r ,.
Mary S. and George W. Halght to Robert and
Mary Kelly, same; $1".
! t'narles K. Chlttenden to Church of the
I Seventh Day Adventlsts' Society of San Fran
cisco ia corporation), lot on E line of Laguna
Btreet, 100 S of Tyler (Golden Gate avenue), S
63 by E 105, quitclaim deed: $:..
Oscar V. .in.] Ella .1. Walker to James C. and
Margaret Nolan, lot on N line of Fulton street,
140 W of I'lerce, W 30 by N 137:6; $10.
Robert A. McLean to Wir.field S. Davis, lot
on W line of Dcvisadero street, 66:3Vj S of
Broadway, S 66:3** by W 137:6; $10.
• James Gillon to William Ede Company (a
corporation), lot on N line of Seventeenth
Btreet, 100 W of Guerrero, W 60 by N 115; $10.
llrtate of John I>?dily (by administrators) to
' Eranus Woodruff, lot on E line of Howard
i Ftreet. 110 N of Twenty-third, X 30 by E 122:6;
$4200.
Margaret J. and J. F. Gawthorne to Charles
| J. Nickerson, lot on X line of Chattanooga
j street, 1C2:6 N of Twenty-third. N 32:6 by E
117:6; also lot on N line of B street, 32:6 E of
I Seventh avenue. N 100 by E 25; $10.
i Julia A. and William D. McElheran to Mamie
: Childers, lot on S line of Twenty-eighth street,
180 W o!" Sanchez, W 25 by S 1H; *-
Sharon Estate Company (a corporation) to
; Philip and Israel Flatow, lot on W line of
'• Leavenwortn street, 95 N or Pine, N 42:6 by
W 115: J6750.
Annie A. Kelly to Aaron Shenson, lot on SE
line of Folaom street, 125 NE of Sixth, NE 2o
i by SE 90; $10.
Joseph Franklin to Pauline Greenberg. lot on
"vV line of Minnesota street, BO S of Marln, S
75 by \V 100; also lot en NE corner of Marin
and Minnesota streets, N 60 by E 100; JlO.
Ferdinand Itels to Claus Spreckels, lot on E
lino of Illinois .-treet, 300 N of Nevada. E 100.
! S 50, E 1"". N 90:4%, N 55 1 - degrees W 37:9Vi.
1 N 73'- degrees W 100:10, W 12:9, S 79 degrees
; W 04:1112, S it;!:? 1-.; $10.
Same to California Barrel Company (a cor
poration), lot on SE corner of Twenty-second
(Sierra) and Illinois streets, E 200, S 422, NW
206 6, N 374:5; $10.
Tubbs Cordage Company (a corporation) to
Claus Spreckels, lot on W line of Louisiana
: street, 250 N of Sonoma, \V 100, N 50, W 100,
S 300, E 200, N 250; %Vi.
T. T. and Mrs. T. T. Williams to Frank
: Kesler, lot on E line of Ninth avenue, 200 N
i of California street. N 2,"i by X 120; $10.
R. E. and Lucy C. Ragland to Francis
t Choplns, lot on \V line of Thirtieth avenue, 200
B of U street. S 25 by W 120; JlO.
i Bay View Land Company (a corporation) to
John H. E. Smith, lot 35, block 568, Bay View
I Park Homestead Association; grant.
I Jacob and Una Hf.vman to John H. and
I Winifred Bolts, lot on N line of Crescent ave
nue,' 125 \V of South. W 25 by N 100, lot 32,
. block 5, Holly Park; $10.
i Mary Lee Blake to Home Building Company
(a corporation!, lots 13 and 14, block 40, city
Land Association; $10.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY. JUNE 21.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning titles are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except where there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
T'nited States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of th» lower low waters
TIME "BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office, T T S N Mer
chants' Kxchange, San Francisco Cil
June 20, 1899. ' '
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was droj rwi at exactly noon today—
i. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS
Lieutenant Commander, V. P. X., in charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
AUCTION SALES.
AUCTION SALE
M ' -°f- £*
50 Head of BROKE ROAD,
BUSINESS AND DRAFT
HORSES,
Weighing from 1000 to 1700.
Among them 2 WELL-MATCHED CARRIAGE
TEAMS. ......
- To be sold on
THURSDAY. JUNE 22, 1899.
SALESYARD Corner^VAN "nESS AVENUE
SALESYARD Corner NAN NESS A\EM.B
and MARKET STREET.
CHASE ft MENDENHALL
Successors to KILLIP & CO.,
1732 Market Street.
Horses now at yard.
.
. I
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
Sly Gall, $1.00 perYeapALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
"SWEET SEVENTEEN"
WEDS SEVENTY-THREE
Septuagenarian Millionaire
Wins a Girl Bride,
omance o f Miss Blanche Walker, Who
Is Now Wife of Joseph Boardman,
the Civil Engineer,
Hianche Louise Walker, aged 17
f h consent of mother), Joseph
:draan, aged 73.
LANCHE LOUISE WALKER. on « of
J the brightest pupils of the Oakland
) High School, wa? married last nlghi
. at her mother's hem.' in Oakland to
1 ' Boardman. Ihe septuagenarian
- • • nd milllonalfe.
■• wedding caused the greatest sur-
No announcement had been mail"
■ • schoolgirl was to marry and it
'B< d bj h. r el. sest rriendu that
i v >ung love had .coup out to another.
lift Sunday did an estimable young
■ ai irney from San Jose to
Blanche for a walk c h;i 1
Her forty-eight h.mrs she was tho
n old man. whose name n
••if-nds had ever heard her mention.
• Ide an hour I ■
mcd to know but iitt ;•• >if Tiie j
trod to be ;ilni r )St is sui -
!!•:■ mother, how
rs thai Mr Board
man was a ni.-e gentleman had dearly
I •■ M her daughter about a year "and Is i
. Not more than four months have elap^i
since Roardman stood by bis aged wiftj'a |
prave. and not even to his most Intimate
acquaintances had he over dropped a hint <
of what was to happen.
The marriage license was secured yes- !
tcrdaj* by the millionaire's new mother-in- j
law. Mrs. "Walker, who is a widow of the i
Mr. anij Mrs. Joseph
Boardman.
late .'. Ml C Waller, a pioneer mine
owner. While Mrs Walker was at
<"upid"s desk the aged capitaiist lingered
rutshle. His age In Uie license is given hs
f/i years. The last Great Register of ISU6.
however, states hi? age I/O •■■ which
Three years must now be added.
The strictest secrecy had betn observed
Jip to tht- time of Che wedding at 8:30
rt'clock last night. Mrs. Walker had pre
viously summoned Rev. C. K. Brown, nas
tor of the First rational church,
vi nd, to bi? on the safe- side, had also re
fjiiested another mlniFter to be on hand
in: case Mr. Brown should not be
in time. Just as the < tnony was over
the substitute mfnisti*r rushed up. but was
told he was a few minutes too late.
The ceremony was very unlike the wed
ding a High School pupil's romantic mind
N supposed to dwell upon. Mrs. Walker
rents rooms and a tvvy of the lodgers
-'nod around the dimly-lighted undeeo
::>t<:-d parlor while the nervous sir! was
:iited to the aged wioower. The bride's
:<ter May, .1 classmate of hers, stood by
-r sister with tears in her eyes ap
parently wondering what it all meant.
Millionaire Boardman and his young
pride left immediately after the wedding
afnd have gone South on their honeymoon
trip. Upon their return they will make
•■:fir home In Oakland at the Boardman
-me on Eighth street.
Mrs. Eugenia Walker, mother of the
~> rlflo had to give her consent to her
daughter's marriage owing to the lattei's
minority and she appeared much eiat_-I
over what she considers a happy union.
"It was a love match at first sight. "
>aid Mother-in-law Mrs. Walker last
i.'ft.i. "The first time Mr. Boardman ever
saw my youngest daughter he called her
brfjrhteyeß.' We knew it was coming,
but it will be a surprise to everybody.
W*. pr* furred to have the wedding a pri
vate affair, because Mr. Board man is ec
rentri* i old; but he is n millionaire.
He owns property here in Oakland. San
\ rancisro, San Leandro, Red Bluff ami
■VV'ay bark In Montana. His wife died
."■■■me months ago and he always loved
I'.'.anche dearly. I gave my consent be
cause I am perfectly . satisfied. My
'laughter Is a student In the Oakland
High School, class of '99. She is an ac
'■"inpliphed pianist, violinist and vocalist,
.' : nd has played In several leading orches
tras."
The blushing bride, halt an hour before
the wadding, declined to discuss the mat
ter. "Oh, dear " she volunteered, "my
marriage will be such a surprise to every
body, because I did not even let by school
mates know about it."
Joseph Boardman is one of the best
known men in Alameda County. He
has a lovely home at 725 Eighth
Mreet, Oakland, where he has ;■•
-•■■lded since his wife's death. He
< ame to California in 1861 and followed the
rofession of civil engineering and archi
tecture. He worked for the Padres at
the Missions for many years, but always
v fused to take money for his services, He
took his pay in land, which he knew
would prove a good investment. Once
avlng acquired land he never sold it. but'
always leased ft for twenty yean or more.
years ago he was attacked by foot
v-ids and parroted. He lost a piece of .in
;ir in the encounter and since that expe
rience he seemed to have lost much of his
:mer brightness.
.Joseph Boardman s first wife was Miss
Mowe a sister of Samuel and Montgom
-v Howe. The brothers were once
— ilthy but lost '.htrir fortune in build
•: the" Piedmont cable road twenty years
— « The Boardmnns had no children
11 -X. IS believed that Joseph Boardman
• n relatives living on this coast.
■l his wife died he was anxious that
newspapers should no* publish the
t because, he snid, he feared it might
M ::g a lot of distant relatives to bother
• n
This marriage seems like a farce and a
< rlous affair at the same time."- said, a
i-ir] friend of Blanche's to-night. "Blanche
la only 17 and was in have graduated at
r hrlstmas. I thougili I knew all her
secrets, and for a y«ar she has had a
warm and devoted friend in a young gen
tleman who is In the postal service as a
railway mail clerk. A few months ago
i? run took him to San Jose and he went
here to live, but he hae continued to call
n Blanche. He roomed «t Mrs. Walk
r'a house before he went south. He has
»en here the last three Sundays and I
aw them out last Sunday. This is very
veer. I know that a week ago Blanche
•as very enthusiastic over her High
chool studies and m iv be she Intend* to
eturn to school and graduate with; her
lass."
RAILROADS MUST PAY
Judge Greene Renders an Important
Decision as to Street Im
provement Tax.
OAKLAND. June 20.— Superior Judge
Greene rendered an important decision
to-day, ruling that railroad rights-of-way
may b< taxed for gradirtg and macadam
izing the adjoining streets. The sue in
question was that of D. Lambert against
the Northern Railway Company. South
ern Pacific Company and others, brought
for the recovery of an assessment levied
against property of the companies in
Berkeley for the improvement of Shat
tuck avenue.
The raitroad companies owned and oc
cupied as a right-of-way two or three
i arrow blocks which are used as
thoroughfares within the district bene
fited as established by the Berkeley Town
Trustees. Lambert whs the contractor
and when he demanded payment the de
fendants asserted that bring quasi public
corporations and th^ nron.rtv b.-inc used
for public purposes it was not liable for
the assessed tax. Judge urt-ene, however,
>!• i idi I oi lei w is-e.
WILL SWELL THE FUND.
Alameda Enthusiastic Over the
Dewey Monument.
ALAMEDA. June 20.— This city will do
; its share toward contributing to the
i Dewey monument fund. Mayor Phelan's
circular letter appealing to the authori
ties of the interior cities to help along
the patriotic enterprise was read at last
night's meeting of the Board of City
i Trustees and was received with enthu
siasm. ■'%;. •'
Chairman John G. Brick warmly com-
I mended the movement and stated that
| Alnmeda should certainly contribute
. handsomely to the fund. "1 am only
sorry." he said, "that I am not in a posi
: tion to put my hand in my pocket and
1 make a big donation."
; Mr. Mackie stated the undertaking was
I a patriotic one and should receive every
j assistance from the city authorities.
It was decided to open the subscription
i Hut at once. Some time during the week
i Mr. Brick will appoint a committeee of
f citizens to take charge of the matter. In
j the meantime subscriptions will be re
i ceived by City Clerk Lamborn.
Seebach's Death Was Accidental.
ALAMEDA, June »>.— The Coroner's
jury that Inquired into the death of
Harry Seebach Jr.. the young man who
was drowned in the estuary off the Cali
fornia Yacht Club's house Saturday
night, returned a verdict this cv» nlng of
accidental drowning. Nothing new ■ de
veloped from the testimony brought out
at the inquest. C S. Moore and G. H.
Craig, who were in the boat with Seebach
when it capsized, could throw no light
on the tragedy, nor could they tell how
the accident occurred. According to their
testimony the boat lurched and turned
over, and that was all they knew about
it. They stated positively that no one of
the party was Intoxicated.
■ » ■
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA. June 20.— City Trustees
have decided to try the experiment of
sprinkling the streets with salt water,
and will construct a pumping plant for
the purpose. It is believed that a great
saving can be effected. v; . : . •
.Mr. and Mrs. L. F. Jackson of Ala
meda avenue and Willow street, celebrat
ed their tin wedding last evening, and
gave a whist party to about' forty guests
in honor of the event.
The funeral of the late Major George
H Fisher was held yesterday from the
residence, * 1812 Encinal avenue. Rev.
George C. Adams of San Francisco oifi
elateS Dr. George A. Moore. J. W. Burn
ham J de P. Teller Sr. and three mem
bers "of George H. 'J-iomas Post. G. A. R.,
were pall-bearers. The interment was In
Mountain View Cemetery. /
___ ■ ♦ ■
Deputies Are Cautious
OAKLAND. June 80.— City Treasurer
Cillnln is on a vacation and his deputies
are afraid to pay the claim of $4500 for
dredging Lake Merritt. allowed by the
Board of Public Works to Johnson &
Peterson a few days ago. There is no
protest against the payment, hut there
hn< been so much litigation over the con
tract that the deputies would prefer that
Mr 'iilpih should handle the amount per
sonally. '
Thrown Out of Her Cart
OAKLAND. June 20. -Mrs. Bronson of
Pan Pablo avenue was thrown out of n-er
light cart this evening In East Oakland
and badly Injured a'oout the head. One
side of ihe cart was demolish -d '.nd th<?
valuable horse was seriously cut on the
hind Jegs and feet oelore it came to a
standstill.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 21, 1899.
WHIRLED AROUND
DEADLY WHEELS
Planing-Miil Employe Snatched From a Hor-
Oakland Office San Francisco Call. ?0S Broadway, June 20.
FOR a few seconds this morning M. Prendergast was being whirled around
and around on the belts of swiftly moving machinery. That he escaped
with his life is due to the fa-t that one of his fellow employes caught light
of him before he w_\s crusrea to death and had the presence of mind to
Stop the machinery.
Prehdergast ! » a mill nand employed at the Oakland Planing Mills. About
an hour after commencing work this morning Prenderpast was standing by
his machine, when his clothing caught in a belt. Instantly he was lifted from
his feet and was revolving around one of the large belt wheels. In a few sec
onds he would have been thrown among the heavy parts of the machinery.
While being whirled along a part 01" his clothing caught on a screwhead on the
side of the wheel. This stopped him from being carried around entirely, and
at the same instant some one stopped the machinery Prendergftat's clothes
were twisted so tightly around hie neck and body that in many places his skin
was torn off. H«» sustained a few simple cuts but no serious Injuries. His es
cape would have been impossible a few seconds later.
BRANNAN AND
ROHAN MUST
FACE THE BAR
Mr. D w Hot After
Their Scalps.
i
TOO ACTIVh IN POLITICS
i ♦ -■••
ATTEMPT MAY BE MADE TO RE
FLECT MILLER.
♦-
In the Event of a Vacancy Charles
Clarke Will Be Appointed
: a Special Police
| . Officer.
Oakland Off" Pan Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, June 20. ■
The Board of Works will hold a regular
meeting to-morrow. The most interest
ing feature of the meeting will be the mc
i...;. .I.i.i the conduct of John Rohan,
; foreman in the Fire Department, and Spe
! rfa! Officer James Brannan. Mr. Dow
I has !<vo resolutions with the board call
\:.g for the discharge of these two men,
i Lut so far has been unable to get the
' second vote in the board necessary to re
l move them.
Last we k Mr. Dow declined to Rive his
reasons for introducing the resolutions,
but remarked, "You all know, as well as
I do, why these resolutions should pass."
The Mayor would not take snap Judg
ment without giving the two men an op
portunity to explain, so an order was
made that' Rohan and Brannan walk the
carpet at to-morrow's meeting.
Branr.an's shortcomings consist in his
behavior during the 'last "city campaign.
He was a firm supporter of Thomas Gar
rtty, the Democratic candidate for Mr.
Dow's position. It Is alleged that he not
only worked openly for Mr. Garrity,
which is against the rules of the Police
Department, but that he also spoke very
disrespectfully of Mr. Dow, who by virtue
of his office is a Police Commissioner.
Immediately after the election Mr. Dow
ordered the Chief of Police to tempor
arily retire Brannan. This was done, and
after he had been suspended for six
weeks he was by the votes of the Mayor
and City Engineer restored to duty. be r
cause Mr. Dow had filed no complaint
in the long Interval. Brannan thinks this
was punishment enough, and that the in
cident should be closed. But it is more
than probable that no action will be taken
until the new Chief has had an oppor
tunity to watch the special officer and
report as to his present behavior. ;.j-
John Rohan is another very active
Democratic politician. Mr. Dow has not
yet stated upon what grounds he would
remove Rohan, but will probably do so
to-morrow. Rohan is an o.ld .and accord
ing to his superiors a good fireman, arid
a strong effort is being made to prevent
his retirement. Should Brannan be re
tired,, Charles Clarke, a motorman. will
be given his position.
Mr. Dow will also call up . his resolu
tion, reappointing Mr. Miller Superin
tendent of Streets.
WOOED DEATH BY
OPENING A VEIN
SUICIDE OF DR. ENSIGN OF
ONTARIO.
Found in Bed After Having Bled to
Death Was Being Treated at
a Sanitarium.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
90S Broadway. June 20.
Dr. Ensign of Ontario,. Southern Cali
fornia, committed suicide at a private
; sanitarium in Livermore to-day. This
; morning he was found dead in bed. Blood
; was all over the clothing and an investi
, gation showed that the doctor had opened
j the artery of his left lee with a penknife
and had bled to death. He had been dead
; some time when he was found by a nurse
jat the usual hour for attending the pa
i tients In the morning.
Dr. Ensign lived at Ontario and was a
■, sufferer 1 from acute nervous dyspepsia.
About two months ago he came to Liver
more to be treated and was making very
satisfactory progress. He. was never con
sidered as being afflicted with lunacy, and
in a short, time he was to have returned
home. The deceased was well known In
the southern part of the State. He was
about 55 years of age and leaves a widow
i. at Ontario.
Now Sorry They Talked.
OAKLAND. June — The details of the
Lalng divorce case will never be told in
court. ■ After filing very lurid complaints
and cross-complaints and telling highly
sensational stories to the newspapers, the
couple have decided to adjust their dif
ferences amicably. They will divide the
property and live separately if they can
not succeed in, Jiving together In harmony.
■ ♦ .
Frank Barnett's New Plum.
OAKLAND. June 20.— Frank Barnett
has been notified of his appointment a*
deputy clerk of the Supreme Court, fhls.
position was promised Barnett at the last
State convention. He is chairman of the
Third District Congressional Committee
For about a year Barnett has be«-n County
License Collector. He is a Native Son
and a very active Republican politician.
Stiff Lesson for Cunniff.
OAKLAND. June 20.— Thomas Cunniff,
the man who exhibited a gun and threat
ened all kinds of vengeance on J. S. Derby
in the latter's office a few nighls ago, was
found guilty and sentenced morning.
For carrying a concealed weapon ne was
sentenced to fifty -lays or $25 fine; for
using vulgar language, ten days or $5; ex
hibiting a deadly weapon, fifty days or $20.
Dr. Selfridge Cruel to His Horse.
OAKLAND, Junt 20.— The jury in the
case of Dr. C. M. Selfridge. charged with
cruelty to animals in driving a horse to
San Jose and back at a high rate of
speed, brought in a verdict of "guilty"
to-night, after deliberating nearly eight
hours. Sentence will be pronounced next
Friday. Deputy District Attorney "W. H.
L,. Hynes ably conducted t«.e prosecution.
rible Fate.
I Dr. Bel fridge was first convicted in Justice
Larue's court and fined $50, and he ap
pealed to the Superior Court.
ANOTHER BYROD CONTEST.
Four Friends of the Deceased Teacher
Oppose the Husband's Petition
for Distribution.
OAKLAND, June 20.— Another contest
over the estate of the late Sarah B. By
rod was tiled to-day in the way of a pe
tition Wherein four of the deceased teach
er's friends—Mary J. Mead. Laura M.
Wells, Harriet A. Blake and A. Al. Jack
son—oppose the distribution of the estate
valued at $~SW\.
Their petition recites that to each of
them Is bequeathed one-tenth of $i'i27 LtS
on deposit in the Union Savings BHnk
nfn-r fIOOO shall have been deducted as a
legacy to the Home of Truth. Contestant?
assert that the latter legacy is null and
void because it was not made to any per
son, association or oorporntion authorized
by lnw to receive bequests. They also
contest Frederick W. Byrou's petition ior
the distribution of the estate and aver
that h. has assigned all his title and in-
Churchmen Who Piayed
Bas.bail.
terest in the same. The matter has been
set for hearing for Monday, July 3, in me
Superior Court.
—. ♦ .
ALAMEDA COUNTY
NEWS BREVITIES
John Moriarty, the alleged embezzler
from M. J. Keller, had eight trials set
this morning on eight separate charges.
They extend from June 20 to August 4.
He denies his guilt.
J. W. luinothan, the horseman, has sued
the Southern I'acific for 125,000 damages
for alleged injuries received at the pier
last September.
Philip Palm, old, sick and insane, was
brought to the Receiving Hospital from
the Infirmary to-day to be examined by
the Insanity Commissioners.
Chief Ball of the lire department has
issued an order that there must be. no
feasting at the fire houses on July 3
and l.
Mrs. Mollie Ingram applied to the Dis
trict Attorney to-day for advice as to
what she should do to compel her hus
band, whom she charges with inhuman
treutment. to provide for her support.
A corporation is being formed to de
velop an alleged gold mine back of Lake
Chapot.
The ferry steamer Bay City has been
overhauled and Is now regularly in ser
vice.
Mayor Snow has learned that 138 deaths
i have occurred in one section of the city
during the last year and he believes many
, of them are due to the lack of a proper
! sewer, which he will attempt to have con
■ st meted at once.
The Free Methodist Church la now hold
ing Its seventh annual conference and
camp-meeting at Beulah Park.
Chief of Police-elect Hodgkins and wife
i have gone to the springs for a vacation.
I The chief will take charge of the depart
ment July 1.
The estate of William Klepman has
< been appraised at $Sti,22l.
Mary K. Jordan has commenced suit for
divorce from John B. Jnrnan.
Bohemians of America.
OAKLAND. June 20.— Oakland Hospit
ium Xo. 2. Bohemians of America, was in
stalled last night in Pythian Castle by
Grand Builder of Hospklas Henry I. Knw
alsky. Following are the offlrers:
Past chief host. A. \V. Baker; ihief host.
James Tnylor: first assistant ohlpf host. D. W.
Doddy; iecond assistant chief host. O. .8. Ka
ti.n; recor4tnC host, Charles J. Harrington;
host of the exchequer. C M. Day; prior. J. F.
Heaney; marshal of hosts, i . H. Hawbaokpr;
kppppr of inner gate. 3. M. Watts; kpeper of
outer gate, George Planer: healing hoots. I »r.
G. L.. Talt and Dr. G. L. Eaton; controlling
hosts. C W. Kohl. J. H. Cregan. J. J. Mar
covich.
New Case- of Smallpox.
OAKLAND. June 20.— Mrs. Olsen,
mother of Miss Olsen who died of small
pox last week. Is now afflicted with the
, samp disease. Dr. Todd. the Health Of
ficer, has decided that this Is a second
, case of smallpox without doubt, and
i guards have been placed on watch at the
' house.
CHURCHMEN WHO
PLAYED BILL AT
LEONA HEIGHTS
First Base Held Down
by Rev. Brown.
SINGLE MEN BEAT BENEDICTS
— ■*—
AMUSING FEATURES OF CONGRE
GATIONALISTS' PICNIC.
Foot Races, Tugs-of-War and Other
Events That Tendered to Enliven
the Outing of Church
Folks.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. June 20.
Some 800 men, women and children,
members of the First Congregational I
Church and Sunday-school, enjoyed their I
third annual, outing and picnic at Leona !
Heights to-day, and one of the chief
! features of the day's sports was the base- j
I ball game between married and single
! men. Stanford University athletes and
baseball cranks will never know what
they missed until they have seen Rev. S
Charles R. Brown hold down first base,
with lively zephyrs soughing his locks and
a determined look upon his kindly coun
tenance as he stretches his suspenders
to reach skyward for a t wirier to save
the day for his side
During the forerlbon there was a
"scrub" baseball game, as the young
players termed it. Later a tug-of-war ;
was aranged. Then luncheon. The
weather was perfect, the air balmy and
appetites almost ferocious. After the in
ner man had been satisfied ■ the running
races were announced. However, there
were so many ties and the time for run
i ning off finals being limited, every one
who had entered was given credit for
having done so well, no prizes being
given.
' In the three-lesTKed race "Eddie" Me-
[ Oracken and "Johnny" Jones won the
plaudits of all spectators as winners, and
in the sack race "Eddie" McCracken
. bagged all his opponents, while Gup Roth,
aged. 13 years, won the potato race clev
erly. The great baseball same was be
tween the married and single men. and it
proved a "stunner." Unfortunately Mayor
Snow was unable to attend and act as
umpire, and to 1 this fact the married men
attribute their defeat. Mr. Chamberlain,
with hi? big straw hat protecting his
complexion from the sun's glare, acted in
the Mayor's stead.
Alex T. Stewart filled the box for the
married men. but he demonstrated that
music hath more charms than the twirl
ing of the leathern ball. City Auditor
, Breed nobly defended second base from
the advances of those who might by sheer
luck have passed Pastor Brown at first
base: and Carey Howard, the popular
i attorney, acted as shortstop and let
nothing "pass him except the breeze. The
, line-up was as follows: :
Married. ■ Position. Singles
■ Alex T. Stewart.. Pitcher Walt Flint
R. L. Jennings — Catcher Stuart Hawley
Rev. C. R. Brown. First base Jewett Katie
IA, H. Breed Second hase..\V }{ Colling
I P. Qrlswold Third base.. Mr. Guard
Carey Howard Shortstop Mr Barnays
C. E. Keyes I^ft field.. L Hind*
H. A. Kletzker.... Center field. .Cecil Graham
i XV. E. Xteholsen.. Right field George Reed
The remarkable 9core of 36 to 16 in favor
of the bachelors was largely attributed to
the fact that in the eighth inning P. Gris-
I wold broke the second and only bat, C.
K. Keyes having broken the other one in
j the third inning. The damage to players
: -was not very great, the injured being
Jennings and Breed, who left the field
with "game" fingers.
The concluding event was a tug-of-war
', between married men and single men. in
I which the former, owing to the avoirdu
: pois of R. L. Jennings, who acted as "an
chor." carried off the honors.
The committee of arrangements com
prised r. N. Thayer. W. H. Collins and
Miss McClees.
Women Barbers.
In Gay's "Journey to Exeter" (pub
lished in 1715) it is told how. after pass
ing "Moreombe's Lake." the travelers
reach Axminster, where they sleep. The
next mornnlg
We rise, our beards demand the barber's
art:
A female enters and performs the part.
The weighty golden chain adorns her
neck.
And three gold rings her sklirful hands
bedeck:
Smooth o'er our chin her easy fingers
move,
Soft as when Venus stroked the beard of
Jove. —Notes and Queries.
GUESTS IN THE
DARK AGAINST
THEIR WILL
Merry Row at an Old
Hostelry.
ALL OVER A CHINESE COOK
DOZENS OF SUITS ARE FILED
IN LOCAL COURTS.
Will Ec a Conference To-Day to Sea
if Some of the Many Land
lords Cannot Be Pla
cated.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway. June ?0,
Half a hundred guests in the old-estab
lished Windsor Hotel are wondering what
to do, and as they are literally in the dark
the task is not an easy one. The hotel
is full of attachment suits, damage suits
and actions of ejectment. .
In the courts all sorts of stories are on
file, and, according to the tales, of the
principals, there must have been some re
markably torrid times in the old hotel
this year. P. W. Schutze owns the prop
erty, arid he rented it to Mrs. Kate Prit
chard, who in turn sublet it to Mrs. Clara
Bell Gardiner. The two ladies could not
agree from the first. The sub-lease in
cludes -a provision that Mrs. Prltehard
should reside at the hotel and have her
own rooms. Although there are fifty
seven rooms in the hotel, it is not large
enough for these two ladies to dwell to
gether in peace ami unity. At the present
time there is a suit in ejectment named
Schutze vs. Prltehard and Gardiner; an
other suit, Pritchard vs. Gardiner et al.
(all the tenants individually): still an
other suit is entitled Gardiner vs. Prit
chard, for $299 damages. There has also
been a case in the Police Court regarding
the picking by a- Chinese cook of an al
leged live chickca. and also within the
same period another series of cases in the
Police Court resulting from the raiding
of a very select faro game in this old
established and very reputable hotel.
When the guests rented their rooms
they were told that they could use the
telephone, that they would certainly have
gas in their rooms and that there would
be tires provided when they needed them.
It was also understood that occasionally
clean linen would be supplied to the lodg
ers. At the present time the telephone
company has cut off. the machine, gas
company likewise; coal has given out:
linen is not to be found; and all because
there are two landladies, each demanding 1
the rent and each refusing to give secur
ity for the necessary obligations of the
hotel.
"It. all began over that chicken," said
Mrs. Gardiner, when asked to explain her
suit for damages against Mrs. Pritchard.
"I was running the house and Mrs. Prit
chard was doing her best to induce lodg
ers to go elsewhere. I had a Chinese
cook, and one day, just at dinner time, I
went into the kitchen and there were two
police officers, who had come to take
away Lum. I asked that he be permitted
to stay till the guests' appetites were -sat
isfied; but this was denied me, and then 1
learned to my great surprise that on in
formation supplied by Mrs. Pritchard my
cook was to be arrested for picking a live
chicken. I .urn never did such a thing.
Chinese fashion, he, cut the . chicken's
neck and bent it back, and perhaps the
bird may have fluttered for a second or
two, but that was all. He was acquitted,
but my guests had lost their dinner, for I
couldn't get a dinner ready to save my
life. Then Mrs. Pritchard told me that I
had made her out a prevaricator in the
Police Court and that she would not be
satisfied till I got out of the house."
According to Mrs. Gardiner's story, the.
unpleasantness in the house increased and
finally all her tenants were served with
attachment notices for their rent, requir
ing them to pay it to Mrs. Pritchard. One
morning there was a very lively scrim- !
mage in the hall between Mrs. Pritchard i
and Mrs. Gardiner's maid. Clara. Both
were anxious to have possession of the
bunch of keys, and the maid succeeded
in retaining them. While this was going
on Mr. Schutze appeared with his lawyer,
but it is reported that when he* saw the
little affair he said it was no place for a
gentleman and quickly retired.
The hotel is a valuable property and it
is not likely that the .present complica- j
tions can exist long. An attempt will be
made to-morrow to compromise on all
sides, and there will be a conference of
all the attorneys interested toward this
EDUCATORS ISSUE
THEIR PROGRAMME
EMINENT SCHOLARS COMING TO
CALIFORNIA.
They Will Address the National
Educational Association, Which
Meets in Los Angeles.
BERKELEY, June 20.— The official pro
gramme of the National Educational As
sociation, which is to meet in Los An
geles next month, has lately been issued
| from* the office of national secretary,
and copies are now ready for distribu
tion, in itself the programme is a very
extensive affair and shows the scope and
variety of the subjects to be put under
discussion.
The convention will begin on the after
j noon of Tuesday. July 11. ■ Sessions will I
I be held continuously until tho evening of
! July 14. The committee in charge have
| arranged for all the afternoons to he do
! voted to department work, the mornings
and evenings being reserved for the as
sociation as a whole.
At the opening session addresses of wel
come will he given by Governor Henry
T. Gage. Hon. Thomas J. Kirk. State Su
perintendent of Public Instruction: Hon.
Fred Eaton, Mayor of Low Angeles, and
1 J. A. Foshay. Superintendent of the Los
Angeles schools. Following these will
come the address of tin- national presi
! dent, Eliphalet Oram Lyte of Pennsyl
! vania on the subject. "VVhat Education
i Has Not Accomplished."
Among other noteworthy addresses of
j the convention the programme shows the
following: "An Educational Policy for :
Our New Possessions." by Hon. William
T. Harris. United States Commissioner of
Education; "Art in Education," hy Pro
fessor Elmer E. Brown of the University j
of California: "The Religious Element iii
the Formation of Character." by the
Right Rev. George Montgomery Bishop ;
I of Los Angeles: "The Scholar and the i
State," by R. H. Webster. City Superin
tendent of Schools. San Francisco- "The
Outlook in Education," by Dr Nicholas
I M. Butler. Columbia University "The
! Economic Interpretation of History " by
Dr. E. A. Bryan of Washington;" "Th* |
Usefulness of the University." by Presi- j
dent David Starr Jordan. Leiand Stanford
Junior University.
A Sensible Shopper.
It is a common happening for wofn^n
shoppers to be taken for saleswomen in
the big department stores, and it is in
teresting to note the effect of some of the
mistakes. The "breaks" are especially
numerous in the hat departments, where
the customers take off their hats in order
to try on new ones. In many cftsee shop
pers who are addressed hy other shop
pers with a query. "Will -ou please show
me some of the hats?" become indignant,
and sharply reply that they are not sales
women, but a prominent, wealthy woman
of West Walnut street proved an excep
tion to this rule in one of the most popular
stores the other day. The salesgirl who
was waiting on her. and who has been
doing so for years, had left her to go after
another hat for her to try on. when a
woman stepped up to the customer and
expressed a desire to look at some speci
mens of headwear. The Walnut-street
woman promptly took the new-comer in
tow and gave her the benefit of her
knowledge about a number of hats which
she had examined in her own search.
When the salesgirl appeared she turned
the woman over to ncr and excused her
self, while the girl, sizing up the situation,
went ahead and made a good sale of a hat
that her customer had praised. Then the
Other customer, who had patiently wait
ed, congratulated herself on having made
a sale for the girl, made her choice of a
hat and departed smiling.— Philadelphia
Record.
The Silk Petticoat Wrist.
The doctors have discovered <i new dis
ease They call it the "silk petticoat
! wrist." and with al! kinds of enthusiasm
are looking for Its perm. The "silk pet
ticoat " wrist attacks only young women.
It is felt as a stiffness or cramp in the
affected part. What causes it is the habit
young women have of holding up the
: skirts of their dresses. Why they do this
is now known, for. though the doctors
. whom they consult always ask them why,
I they seem unable to give any reason. But.
I as by an odd coincidence, they are invari
i ab'y wearing petticoat? of silk when
; ':iken sick, that garment has become
I associated With the name of the malady.
i Younir women resent this association, for
It is senseless, they say. and it serves in a
manlier to reflect on them, but the doc
, tors answer that no reflection is inteni
'•l Some specialists hold that there is a
suitable kinship between the "silk pettl
coai wrist" and the "ankle cold." The lat
i ter disease conilr.es itself to young men.
i It attacks them When, en sitting down.
i they thoughtlessly Dull up their trousers
very hiph. for get'ful ftf the fact that their
extremities are thinly clad in low patent
, leather shoes and very brilliant and ex
pensive silk stockings.— Philadelphia Rec
; ord.
The Rev. S. J. Stone, rector of All Hal
lows', London Wall, opens his church
from fi:3o to. R o'clock in the morning, so
that working girls and women who are
compelled to travel to town by early
workingmen's trains may have a palee of
shelter and rest until the various facto
ries, shops and warehouse? open their
doors. All Hallows' is within a stone's
throw of the Liverpool street and RroHil
street stations. A brief servipe is held
every morning: at 7 o'clock, and hooks not
only religious, but also works of pnTil
interest, are provided. Only girls and,
women are admitted.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
ll^ Steamers leave Broadway
<TSvSp»fc^ wharf. Pan Francisco:
fMs3g*s»L Fur AlaFkan ports. 10 a. m..
BS^l^?«Sak June 15 -°- : "- 30: July 5t
Em. lEe vEI change at Seattle. ■
Br&v»a^s % For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
' l«Bh.«iiS&1 C), Port Townsend. Seattle.
Jr^^^^^^W Taeoma. Everett, Anacortes
y^ and New "WTiatcom rWash.).
10 a. m., June 15, 20, 25. 30;
| July 5, and every fifth day thereafter: change
lat Seattle to this company's steamers for
: Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Tacomli to N. P.
1 Ry ;, at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
' For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. Jun»
! IS. 23. 28; July 3, and every fifth day there-
after.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, Fan Simeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo).
Oavlota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Argele.i> and
■ Newport. 9 a. m.. June 17. 21. 25, 29; July S.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For Pan Diego, stopping only nt Port Har-
ford (San Luis OWsdo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angelas and Rodondn (Tx>s Angeles), 11 a.
m.. June 15. in. 23. 27; July 1. a.nd every fourth
day thereafter. . • .' ;.;
For Ensenada, M.igdal«>na Bay, San J«s« del
Caho. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
' nnd Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
I month.
{ Fnr further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without prevJwi" entice steamers, sailing dates
i and )-ii~ if cnUing .'-"."
TICKET OFFK'K —A New Montgomery
Street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market St.. San Frnnclsco.
THF 0. R, h H, RO.
DTPPATCTT FAPT STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
rinr *i - First Clns* acind ns» Bert^i
rHfIL <<* Second Clr««« jind Meal*.
Columbia sails June 22: July 2. 12. 22.
State of California sails June 17. 27; July 7.
17. 27.
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte,
i Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market street.
. GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent.
AMERICAN LINE.
rVVT rORK. SODTTUMPTOf. LONDON. PA*T\
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Kv»'- Wednesday. 10 a. m.
New York ,lvi» °' Yew York July 12
; St. Paul .Tiiip ii- Nt. Paul July 19
St. Louis July ' New Y>>rk Augusts
PET) STA9 LSNE.
.New York and *ntwepn.
Frnrn New York V.v"— Wedresdiy. 12 noon.
q^uthwark Juno I Voordlnnd July 13
Westernland . . .June 2 C i Frlesland July 19
Kensington July 5 Adrla July 28
FM»»fR» LINE.
<s,.<,t*'-. St. Wishes*. HaviT, CU».
For full Information regarding freight' and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery St.. or any of Its acencles.
TOYO RISEN KAMA.
CTEAMKRS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
< **ner First and Brannnn streets. 1 p. m.. for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong . with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
NIPPON MARTT Tuesday. ,Tun« 27
AMERICA MART* Saturday. July 22
| HONGKONG MART* ....:. Thursday. August 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freleht and passage aprly at company's office.
421 Market St., corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
ANCHOR LIINE
United States Mull Steamshin*
Sail from New York Every Saturday fo:*
Glasgow, via Londonderry.
Saloon Painnni-. $50 nnd upward.
Second Cabin
City of Rome. $35. Other Steamers. $30.
Steerage Passage
Rome. $25.50. Furnessta. $24.50. OtnM
Strs., $23.'0.
For Book of Tours and information apply ta
HENDERSON BROTHERS.
i General Agents. 7 Bowling Green. New York.
Or J. F. FUGAZ.I. 5 Montgomery st.,
• Or L F. COCKROFT. 114 Montgomery st..
Or R. R. RITCHIE. 2 New Montgomery at..
• SAN FRANCISCO.
fMH||iK>BM| Tne B> s - Australia.
n3!a4lSll£ Falls for Honolulu
•[ allll » Friday. June 80, at i
rs^S J/^N S- S. Marlposa sails
StPSITlSnin--' via Honolulu and
CylUllltflllU Auckland for Sydney
(6(rtf)2fZ?«r- Wednesday, July 12.
\yiu^uiccp at ]0 p m
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia, India. Suez.
England, etc. : $110 first class. - ■ :
!. 0 SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts., 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market St.
"
COMPA9NIE GENERALS TRANSATLANTIQtTK.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. jt^Q& f
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. <TmjrfS
i from Pier 42, North River, foot of *"*"' ' * 1
Morton st LA TOURAINE, June 24; LA
OASCOGNE. July 1: LA NORMANDIE. July
8: LA CHAMPAGNE, July 15: LA BftR-
TAGNE July 22. First-class to Havre. $65 and
upward, 5 per cent reduction on round trip.
Second-class to Havre. $13: 10 per cent reduc-
[lnfi r>ti -onml trio GF.VERA T *rjEV"V FOR
I'NITFD STATES AND CANADA, 32 Broad-
way (Hudson building). New York. J. F. FIT.
GAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Mont-
gomery aye.. San Francisco.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
■Will leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a. m.
dally, returning from Stockton at 6 p. m.
dally (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m.
dally (excepting Sunday).
. CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main 805. ..:/?;, " : ;
FOB (I. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJOL
Steamer "•Mcnticeilo-'*
MON.,Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:4J
a. m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night): Frl.
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays, 10:30 a. m.. i
p. m. Landing and office. Mission street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 150 S.
FARE 50c.
f "V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
>Ls«p||O2;>KEAKXVST. Established
HTIraW In i 834 for the treatment of. Prlvata
ptkJLJL. Diseases, Lest Manhood Debility or
nB£gMBB«> disease* earing on body and mind and
4^H9Bpnun9skln Diseases. The doctorcures when
JVIBJIMiM others fail. Try him. Charges low
Callorwrltuk
»r. J. *'. imIBBOXi Box i 337, Sac i'macUca
1112
MRS. MAY PARRY AGAIN
PLACED UNDER ARREST
he Young 1 Woman Who Is Accused of Killing" Her" Hus
band Jailed on a Bench Warrant.
HE preliminary examination of Mrs. May Parry, charged with man-
I slaughter causing- the death of her husband, will be held with man
li irh of her husband, will be held ef --■■
t Graham this morning, when interesting developments .re expected^
Bond Kxpert Newman reported to the police yesterday that, in his opin
ion, the bonds accepted for Mrs. Parry's release last Saturday were not suf
ficient. The sureties were her mother, Mrs. Van Valkenbiirg, who qualified
.on property in Woodland, and Herbert Lunt of the Great Eastern M!lk Com
pany. Newman explained- thai he had no means of verifying Mrs. Van
Valkenhurtr's qualifications and the Great Eastern Milk Company Is only
assessed for $500. In view of the developments In the papers he ought it
his duty to communicate the facts to Chief Lees.
Word was sent to Judge Graham and he at once issued a bench warrant
for Mrs. Parry's arrest, which was handed to Detective Fitzgerald to be
served upon her. Mrs. Parry was taken to the City Prison In the afternoon
and was soon visited by her mother and other relatives. She will remain
in prison until sureties are procured acceptable to the bond expert.
When questioned in prison yesterday as to the truth of the story that she
was Edith Parry who had an unenviable record in Tucson, Ariz.,' she said
quietly, but tirmly. "I have absolutely nothing to say for publication." The
Arizona story has had the effect of infusing life Into the .... and Chief
I,ees" orlirinal opinion that Mrs. Parry was a young innocent w man, barely
17 years of age. rns received a rude lock.
MAIL STEAMER
AUSTRALIA IS IN
FROM HONOLULU
Many Notables From
the Islands.
CONEMAUGH UP FROM MANILA
SIX SICK SOLDIERS INVALIDED
HOME ON HER.
Story That the Cottage City Was Rac
ing When She Went on the
Rocks Is Absolutely
False.
The o< <;mir Steamship Company's
■ r Australia arrived from Honolulu
• : She wa? expected Mon
lay, bui could not get away from Homo
g to holidays Intervening. Con
siderable repair work has to b<- done on
ler and directly Bhe tied up at
r l < wharf a gang of workmen began tear-
Ing up and getting ready. Work on the
. will be- rushed night and day and
she will not bo more than a couple of
days late in sailine aprain for Hawaii.
The Australia brought the following
asßengers:
1.. Andrews, Mrs. K. Andrews,
Katie B« nd, H. O. Buckman and
wife, T. 1.. i;..al. J. li. Belser, James
Bardin, J. .1. Callundan and wife, Miss B.
Campbell, C. Christian, Mr. Cole, Hon.
S. M. Damon, Miss M. M. Damon. H.
Damon, Miss K. Gray, Miss Q. Hobron,
Miss 11. Hobron, Mrs. Eiayman, K. S.
Hicks. Miss Hicks, H. A. Isenberg, wife
:i n<l maid. Mi. and Mrs. James, \\". A.
Johnson, Charles K. Jacox, Professor
THE OLD AND THE NEW.
THE stanch old collier I^uis Walsh docked at Chandler's new bunkers yesterday and will have her entire raren dis
rharpnd to-day. The Walsh was bulll at Belfast. Me., in 1861, and is as sound as a dollar to-day She is now bark
i ■_:■• d, Van sailed the seas as a ship for many a year. The m-w bunkers are thr finest of the kind on the waterTrTmt
and everything used in their construction is Callfomian. All the mt-tal work and machinery were made here and
California labor put the structure up.
fCoebele. wife and son, Mr. and Mr?.
Lake, A. Michaeliske, Miss Mirhaeliske,
F. F. MeCrosson; H. M. Mercer, F. M.
klcCandless, Miss M. Ogriboy; Miss Parke
Mrs. F. A. Potter. A. Purry. J. Pollio
r. B. Richards and wife, A. F. Rooker
Mrs. J. K. Shingle. Miss A. Shrewsbury,
'■'. T. Smith and wife, <>. A. Stevens, Mr.
3tecker, J. W. Schmidt. M. Smith. Miss
Fanner. C. D. Vincent, E. J. Waterhouse,
John Waterhouse, C. N. Weeven, C. F.
Wall, H. A. Young. Misses Young.
Captain J. J. Callundan of Morse's
patrol was among the pleasure seekers
who returned. While in Hawaii he
-lipped on the hotel steps and pot a nasty
fall; from which he is only now over
ing. S. M. Damon, the Hawaiian Min
ister of Finance, came up in connection
with the monetary affairs of the Islands,
md H. A. (senberg of the firm of Hack
feld & Co. came up on pleasure. He Is
vet ompanied by Mrs. Isenberg.
The United States cruiser Philadelphia
left Honolulu two days ahead of the
AustraJia. She is very dirty and her ma
chinery Is not in the lust of order so
she may not be looked for before to
night. The Australia left the training
ship Adams in port at Honolulu.
The remains of William Gillesnie. the
waiter murdered by George Wade, came
up on the Australia. The. company. nit;i
mit a request being made to it. had the
body exhumed and Inclosed in a metal
casket -and will see to its burial litre
without a cent of expense to the dead
man's relatives. On the voyage the body
was kept in a small place closed off by
canvas. Flowers, were kept alive on the
coffin throughout the trip, and the Ameri
can Sag that covered the casket was al
most hidden by the floral blossoms yester
day when it was feeing removed to the
wharf. /
The American ship John R. Kelley i« a
total loss at Port Stanley, hut pome of h«~r
cargo will be saved. A telegram to that
effect was received by the underwriters
yesterday. The story of the wreck of iii"
Kelley has already been told in The Call;
She was on her way here from New York.
The transport Conemaugh arrived from
Manila via Hongkong yesterday. She
brought up the following passengers: Ed
E. Drummond. Company A. Seventeenth
Infantry; Fred Bollew, Company X, First
Nebraska; Lew E. Kremer. Company I,
First Nebraska, and James M. White,
Company C, First Wyoming, and Ed T.
Gregory, Hospital Corps. U. S. A.
The story that the stpamer Cottage City
was racing- with the Humboldt. when she
touched on the rocks is absolutely with
out foundation. The vessel was going at
her usual rate or speed and great ca'-o
was being used in navigating her. Good
nil. Perkins & Co. had their Seattle agent
make a thorough investigation, ajid he
wired hack yesterday: "No truth in the
statement that the Cottage City was rac
ing with the Humboldt."
The members of the Press Club will
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 21, 1899.
have an outing next Sunday. They have
sei un >! the steamer Sunol from the Fiper-
Aden-Ooodali Company, and the fnion
Iron Works. Sausalito. points of interest
in the upper bay and Vallejo will be vis
ited. The steamer will stop at Sausahto
long enough to allow lunch to be served.
Everything aboard will be free to ticket
holders. ____^________
ELECTION OFFICERS
FOR THE PRIMARIES
MEETING OF THE BOARD OF
ELECTION COMMISSIONERS.
Voters to 3e Cited to Appear and Be
Examined as to Theii- Quali
fications to Act.
There Is much hard work before the
Election Commissioners In the selection ;
of precinct officers for thr primary elec- ;
tinn In August. Under the consolidation i
there are V% precincts and each precinct .
require;- six officers. Thp Commisslonera
met y- -•■■'■'■. f. Mayor Phelan presiding,
and Auditor Wells. Tax Collector Shee
ban, Citj Attorney Lane and Surveyor
Tilton being present, and Rave the matter
some consideration.
Registrar Steppacher called attention i
to the fact that under the provisions of J
the primary election law the bqard is re- ;
quired to name the election officers on or !
before July 14. He stated that he and his
deputies had been at work on the matter ;
and had compiled a list of names taken j
! from the great register in each precinct ]
of the Thirtieth. Thirty-first, Thirty-third :
and Thirty-fourth districts, and submit- ■
ted a copy of the list to each of the mem- j
bers. He said he did not know the poli- i
tics of the men he had listed and the only j
way to pet that Information would be to !
send to each one and make Inquiry. i
After some discussion Mayor Phelan
suggested that the Commission try an (
experiment and cite twelve men from j
each precinct of a certain district to ap- ■
pear before the board for examination j
as to their qualifications to serve as elec- j
' tion officers, the names to be selected hap- I
hazard from the great register. The :
question was raised whether the board \
had authority to take such procedure and ;
it was the opinion of the members that '
the new primary election law. which pro- [
vides that any qualified elector whose, |
name is on* the assessment roll may be j
appointed and compelled to serve on pre- j
cinct boards, also gives such authority, i
The suggestion met with favor and a j
motion by Mr. Sheehan to that effect was
carried. 'The Thirtieth District was se
lected for the experiment and Thursday
night at S o'clock the time set for those
cited to appear before the board. These ]
election officers will receive no pay. but ,
if they are qualified to serve and are ap
pointed by the board they are obliged to !
I serve.
i Registrar Steppacher made a report, of :
; which the following is a part:
1 respectfully beg leave to report that the
total registration m November 8. IS?*, was
! ti2.:?.6. From November S. IS9S. to May IT, 1559.
; there were 46« cancellations by reason of deaths.
! removals, f-tr. I"!' to May 17. 1859. there were
1 M new registrations. From May 17 to June 13
j there were 217 new registrations, and during :
I the same period there were 242 changes of resi
dence, making the total registration at this
date 62,053.
The election laws. Including the provisions nt
! the new charter, ami also the laws relating to I
' bond elections, have been compiled. I request ,
i authority to invite bids to be opened by the ,
i b>ard for the printing of 2000 copies of the j
i election laws.
: Bids should also he Invited for the printing i
1 of the various forms, blanks and stationery
j that will be required for the primary election
! Authority was granted to call for bids
i for printing the election laws and for
: the blanks, etc.. asked for. and the board j
j adiourned to meet Thursday night.
Want Pound Limits Extended.
The newly organized improvement club
at South San Francisco will make a de
termined effort to have the Supervisors
extend the pound limits to a sufficient
area beyond the immediate front steps of
the residence portion of the settlement.
As it is now, people who would like to
cultivate flower gardens about their
homes are prevented from so doing be
cause of the numerous goat family, who
have— or at least consider they have—pre
emptive rights not only on the common
pasturage but to feed and grow fat on the
cultivated plants within the home in
closures.
The goat family, though numerous
enousrh. is not alone in the field of prowl
ers who annoy the residents, for meander
ing hoes and rattle from Hutchertown
which have escaped the knife for the
time-being make the inhabited portion of
the slope their favorite camping ground.
■ » ■
Albert H. Pepper Missing.
The wife of Albert H. Pepper of 2CS Na
toma street has Induced Secretary Wad
ham of the Kureka Society for Protection
of Children to aid in the search for her
husband, who has been missing: Bince
Jime 9. On that date he left home after
bidding her and th^ four children good-by
and has not been seen since. The family
is In destitute circumstances. Pepper is a
steamboat engineer and formerly ran t»n
the Stockton boats. In ordor to save the
little ones from distress the secretary
Rent them to the society's homo at l-U
Clipper street.
» ♦ ■
One Bank Too Many.
The State Board of Bank Commission
ers yesterday received the information
that the Santa Monica Commercial Bank
had decided to go into voluntary liquida
tion on July 1. Notice has been sent to
all of the creditors to call and pet their
money, and the wish is expressed that
the doors can be closed on the date men
tioned. The reason for this action is
that there is not enough business In Santa
Monica to support two banks, especially
when there are other banks so near in Los
A ngeles.
« ♦ ■
New Land Company.
Articles of Incorporation of the Ross
Valley Land Company were tiled yester
day. The capital stock is $70,r«V), of which
$55,000 has been subscribed. Tho directors
Hrf George \V. Spencer. Charles P. EeHs,
Robert Bruce, M. H. de Vhiiiik and W. 11.
Smedbere.
In the Divorce Court.
.liidcc I>ainßerfielfl has granted decrees
of divorce to Annie K. Osbnrne from Will
iam D. Osborne, on the pround of failure
to provide; John Skelly from Kate Skelly,
on thr- ground] of desertldn. and Neine
Heipe from Charles E. Hoise. a custom
house broker, on the ground of cruelty.
Mrs Hetse was awarded alimony in tne
sum of $100 ,i month. E. M»ndolhorn his
Lcn ordered tn pay his wife. Mrs. (r.
Mendelborn, permanent alimony in tno
sum of $40 a month. Hattie Morehead ;ias
sued her husband. O. A. Morehead. for a
divorce, allepinp cruelty as a cause of ac
tion.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Bourke Bloomfleld T P Arnold Snn Diego
T H King, Ingleside J M Black. Pan Diego
E J Mackay, Arizona E F. Drummonri. Texas
MI, Fox Pleaeanton W A Tascott, Chicago
C A Malr. lowa B Martini. Sta Rosa
I A T. Sampson, Rochstr S Stedman. Chicago
' F E Meredith Bacto IC Poelke. Chicago
JII Hamey, Merced A X Moulton, Chicago
PALACE HOTEL.
C r Breslan. S Jose Bi' Steinman. Sacto
W F Gould. St I/Alls A II McKay, Ij Ann
{< G Grosscup. Taconia 3 C Baiter, SI Louis
; II A Young. Boston S F. Drake. Pt Ixjuls
'■ Miss E M Younp BOBtn X Ober, Chgo
1 Miss A II Young, Host w H Green. Denver
II S I,ake. NY ' J C Halladay. Chgr>
Mrs H s Lake. N V A I, Hawley, Seattle
'E S Hicks. Brooklyn M Robbins. Pittsburg
1 Mlhs Hicks, Brooklyn A Ptouton. England
Mrs E T Earl. L Ang Mrs E X Bailey, L An
: C M Mayer. NY H Mattern, Oregon
GRAND HOTEL,:
W Allen. Cal S Rothschild. Ohio
A L Hlack '"a! Dr J A Cronkhite,. Cal
I E Keejekle, Ind Mrs L Heeee, I.? An?
I Q E Andrews. Minn J D Bostwlck. !/.<= Gats
i C T ""all; un DC ( >r A T I^ckwood. Cal
J P MacManus. Sacto E W Clark. P I. Oblsp
I F R Remele. Sacto B A Ogden, Bonora
i \\ S Hawkins.' Presidio M .' Wright & w, Sac
G I, Cameron. Presidio A B C Dowdell. Cal
J A Hicks. San .lose E R Thurber Jr. Vacvl
' A A Moore. Oakland L Daly Montana
, R P Chapman. Cal tv it Davis, Pacto
I Miss Allen. Stockton Miss Davie, Sacto
! L A Phillips. Ca! T N Kahn <?• w. Cal
1 I M O'Neill. Yreka I A McClusky, La Ane:
i H A JasteT. Bakerpfli C V Talmadge. S Rosa
i R P Ropers Cal LC <;n.>rlapfr & w. Cal
i E I. Maybefry Jr. «-a.l J R Rice & w, Ls Ang
I H H Mayberry, Cal ,f>r M A Moore, Benlcia
■ 3 Johnston A- w, -rtah '
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 1" o'clock -very night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
£87 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
SS9 McAllister street; '>p u n until 9:30 o'clock.
616 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; up»n until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2f>26 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky Ftn-eta. open 'in l ll 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
MOUNT MORI AH Lodge No. 44, F. and •
A M.— Meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY)^\_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. First de- I^J\
Kree. THTEO. FROLIC}!. Secretary- /V >
CROCKETT Li lg< No. 1 19, F. and A. •
M Second degree THIS (WBDNES _/\_
DAY) EVENING, June 21. at ' : 30l&l\
o'clock, By order of the XV. M. ' ~ '
H. FORTRIEDE. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M.— a
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY)^i\-
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Second de- JLJ\
gree. By order of the W. M. ' A
H. C. BUNKER, Secretary pro tern.
SERVIAN-MONTENEGRIN Lit- »^
erary and Benevolent Society— J£Tts?
Officers and members, assemble _ T tS&sL rr ,
at your hall. 10 California St.. r**< rl sr3>i5 r 3> i
THIS DAY (WEDNESDAY), at W/sWfji'-r t .
1 p. m., to attend the funeral l •*';!(■:$
of our late brother. MATO * ■ /tHROfj
RADOVICH. Fine for non- V^jjlj^/
Attendance will be strictly en- KfgSgr
forced. By order of
M X TASOVAZ, President
PPIRO VUCOSAVLIEVICH. He- Sec.
THE regular meeting of the San Fran- ffl
.Cisco Bricklayers' Association will be I!
held THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVEN- ,ffj
ING. June 21, 1899. at B. B. Hall. I2I^OKT
Eddy St.", at S o'clock. A full attend-^r*<-
ance requested. Election of officers. IT*
E. J. BRANDON. I":-- - D
FOURTH OF JULY— Mound A «*^
Park. Berkeley- Seventeenth grand \&y/2
annual gathering and games of the %Xi>
S. F. Scottish Thistle Club. The **-P^
greatest affair of the kind ever witnessed on
this coast. Great programme of events: $30dO
In cash prizes: elegant and costly medals fcr
; amateur events: grand open-air concert, ball
and fireworks in the evening. Day admission,
adults BO cents, children 25 cents; night ad-
mission, adults 25 cents, children 10 cents.
Buy your ferry tickets for Shell Mound.
JOHN ROSS, Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATERSON, Recorder.
LONGSHORE Lumbermen will meet at Sailors'
Union Hall, cor East and Mission sts.. FRI-
DAY EVENING. June 23. 1599. at « o'clock.
All are invited. By order of COMMITTEE.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
If pares, In wrapper, for mailing. 11 per year.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $1: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION-
CO.. 415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-10; tel. 5520.
MRS. KI.LERT'S Penny Club members address
immediately box 4760, Call office.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hart man Paint Co.. 319 3d st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Mutual Savings~~Bank
DIVIDEND NOTICE Mutual Savings Hank
of San Francisco, 33 Post st. For the half
year ending June 30, ISM, a dividend has
been declared at the rate of 3 and six-tenths
(3.6) per cent per annum on all deposits, free
of taxi's, payable on and after Saturday,
July 1. 1899. GEORGE A. STORY. Cashier.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The German Savings
and Loan Society. 526 California St.— For the
half year ending June 30. 1899, a dividend has
been declared at the rate of four (4) per
cent per annum on term deposits and three
and one-third (3 1-3) per cent per annum on
I ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable en
and after Saturday. July 1. ISM.
GEO. TOURNY. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— San Francisco Savings
Union. 532 California St.. corner Webb — For
the half year ending with the 30th of June.
1899, a dividend has been declared at the rate
per annum of four (4) per cent on term de-
posits and three and one-third (3 1-3) per cent
on ordinary deposits, tree of taxes, payable
on and after Saturday. July 1, 1599.
LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
SITUATIONS WASTED — FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS hotel cook, meat and pastry,
I wants place, city or country. 130. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
GERMAN woman wishes work by the day;
understands all kinds of. work. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Slitter st.
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes place to assist;
$10 to $12. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
SWEDISH first-class cook, also a German sec-
ond girl with 3 years' references, wish places
together or separate; city or country. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
FRENCH girl wants situation: neat In appear-
ance; understands second work, also children
and sewing; 2 years' references. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 316 Sutter St.
SCANDINAVIAN cook, first-class references,
wants situation. See J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st. .
A MOTHER and daughter desire situation;
city or country; best of references. Apply
MISS CULLEN, 826 Sutter st.
2 FIRST-CLASS Swedish girls desire situations
as cook and second girl; best rpf.; city or
country. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
RESPECTABLE young woman wishes situa-
tion to do general housework; willing and
obliging; would go short distance in the
country. 711 Natoma St., over grocery.
YOUNG woman wants work by the day; laun-
dry or housework: $1 2.". per day. The Women's
Industrial Union, 7 Van Ness aye.; tel. South
663.
COMPETENT young woman with a child wants
situation as* cook or working housekeeper;
country preferred.. Address box 4621, Call.
YOUNG Swedish woman wants position to do
general housework. 127 T'feiffer St., bet. Du-
pont and Stockton, Francisco and Chestnut.
SWEDISH girl wishes situation to do general
housework or second work; best of references;
wages $20. :&':; Tenth St.
DANISH girl wants a place to do general
housework. Call at 3162 Twenty-second st.,
corner C&pp.
WANTED— Situation as cook by competent
woman in small family; good references. Ap-
ply 403 Harrison st.
YOUNG German ' girl wishes a position for
light housework in small family; no washing.
Apply .5 Post court, near Larkln st. .
NURSE, young woman, wishes position; spe-
cialty, aged, fever and paralytic patients.
MISS D., 511 Twenty-fourth St.. Oakland.
COMPETENT cook wants place to cook or gen-
eral work in small family. Apply 1131
McAllister St., near Fillmore.
STEADY,, respectable girl for general house-
work and cooking. Call 2957 Twenty-fourth
Ft . near Alabama. No postals.
NEAT young girl wishes a place to assist in
; housework for good home more • than wages.
Call 916 Harrison St.
SITUATIONS WASTED— Continued.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation to do
general housework: good New England cook;
come at low wages. 206 Fifth st
WANTED— as chambermaid or take
charge of rooming house. Address MRS. J.
LEVINS. 601 Post st. - . .
WOMAN wishes to -do general housework:
with good references. Apply 2689 Mission St.,
near Twenty-third. :
AS housekeeper for widower, 1 or 2 children,
by widow; middle-aged: American; refer-
ences. Box 4623, Call office.
YOUNG Swedish woman wishes clothes to
mend. 126 Fifth at., room 23. second floor.
YOUNG woman wants work by the day. Call
1214% Polk St.
WANTED A situation to do general house-
work, city or country. 141S'£ Pacific st.
TWO Swedish girls to do housework. Call 653
Third st.
YOUNG Danish girl wishes place to do gen-
eral housework In small American family.
Address 314 Precltn aye.
GOOD washer wishes towels flannels or plain
washing. 105 Prospect pi., off Sacramento,
near Powell, top floor.
COMPETENT girl wishes housework or cook-
Ing and downstairs work: wages $25; good
references. Bex 4732. Call office.
i RESPECTABLE elrl wishes a situation for
general housework; wages $20. Address 1331%
California st.
WANTED— Position as housekeeper or com-
panion or sew. Box 4731. Call, office, Oakland.
POSITION at housework: $10 to $15 per month;
good reference. 1629 clay st.
YOUNG lady desires situation us housekeeper;
city or country. Call 106 Taylor st., room 1.
YOUNG widow desires a position as house-
keeper: city or country. Apply at 313 Sixth
St.. Oakland. t
GERMAN woman, good cook, wants situation
to cook for men on ranch. Call between 10
and 2 o'clock, or address MRS. GUT, 503
Sixth st. -/'.-■;•,■■'•
GERMAN girl wishes situation to do general
housework. Apply 152 Clinton Park; wages
$20 to. $25.
RESPECTABLE woman wants a position In
private family; left unexpectedly without a
home; assist in housework, attend an Invalid,
make herself useful. MRS. W., 1037 Mission
st., downstairs. :
RESPECTABLE trustworthy Protestant wo-
man would like home In American family
where she can make herself useful; small
wages; city preferred. Box. 4615. Call.
GERMAN girl wants situation to do general
housework. 2-"' 111 * Mission st.
WOMAN would like to take care two chil-
dren: not too small: French family. Address
907% Pacific st
YOUNG colored lady would like a situation to
do light housework and assist with children;
city or country, country preferred. Address
box 4605. Call.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third Ft., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 »0 to $6
week convenient and respectable: free "bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
SITUATIONS WAXTED-MALE.
I CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help 414H OFarrell st. : tel. East 424.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp.. Agency: all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary st.; tel. Grant 56.
SOBER, reliable and. Industrious young man
desires position where he can learn some
business or profession: understands bookkeep-
ing: good at figures; good penman; refer-
ences; security. Box 4624. Call office.
RELIABLE young man. strictly temperance,
would like position as collector or in whole-
sale house or on the road; can furnish cash
. bonds as security. Box 4620, Call office.
FIRST and second cook, German, •- English,
French and Hungarian style; -first-class pas-
try; city or country hotel; references. 242
Natoma St., basement.
SITUATION as gardener by steady middle-aged
man; can milk, drive; handy with tools; mod-
erate wages; reference. Address box 4525, Call.
GROCERY clerk; thoroughly experienced: ref-
erences: sign writer. BAYNE/119 Third St.
JAPANESE, first-class cook, wants position in
large hotel, boarding house, mining hotel;
has had much experience; city or country.
J. T. M.. 218 Stockton st.
SMART, honest boy. 15 years of age. would
like a position at anything. Box 4725. Call.
SITUATION by millwright and carpenter In
mill or factory; can do repairing and other
work. Box 4616, Call office.
YOUNG man with best references wants situa-
tion; would Invest $1000. Box 4629. Call.
YOUNG man of good address, with experience
In grocery, drug store and printing office
wants steady employment; references. Box
4626, Call office
SITUATION wanted by a first-class barkeeper;
good mixer: city or country or extra work
done. HERMAN. 1205 Powell st.
II KM' WANTBO— FEMALE.
6^\VaTtRESSK.- for first-class resort at Santa
Cruz, $:". »cc proprietor here 10 a. m. C.
R. HANSKN X CO.. 104 Geary St.
10 WAITRESSES, different resorts, $20 and $25;
2 waitresses, Stockton, $20: 2 waitresses,
Marysville. $2". 4 waitresses, same hotel.
Fresno. $20. see party; 2 waitresses. Healds-
burg. $20; 2 waitresses and 1 pantry girl for
mountain hotel, $20 and free fare; waitress,
$20, and pantry girl. $15, for mountain town;
*> waitresses for different commercial hotels,
$20; 3 chambermaids to wait, for different re-
sorts, $20.
FAMILY ORDERS...
cook and housegirl. 2 in family, San Rafael,
$25; 4 housegirls. clt' $25; 15 young -com-
petent girls for genera! housework,' $20; and
many young -girls to assist. $12 to $15; com-
petent nurseglrl, $20 a month. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
HOUSEWORK girl for Helevdere, $25 per
month. MISS CULLEN, 325 Suiter st.
COOK for ■ madhouse. $30 per month. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GIRL to assist in "kitchen and dining room,
country, fare paid, $15 per month. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter St..
GIRL for chamber work and sewing, Institu-
tion. $20; chamber work, sleep home, $12 per
month. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
MOTHER and daughter as cook and second
girl, $30 to $35 per month, boarding house.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WAITRESS and chambermaid. Monterey, $20,
fare paid; waitress, Marin County, $25, fare
paid; 2 waitresses, springs. $20 each; 2 wait-
resses. Ross Valley, $20; 2 waitresses, same
house, city, $15 each. MISS GULLEN, 325
Sutter st. •■>■■':''.
COOK, hotel, country, $40 per month. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WANTED— Waitress, also chambermaid, $2",
for springs, go to-day, see party at office; 10
waitresses, hotels and resorts. $20; waitress,
restaurant, $6 a week; dishwasher for restau-
rant. *25. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
310 Suiter st.
WANTED — First-class German cook, no wash,
$30; nursery governess. 125; German nurse.
$20; neat Protestant girl, cooking, no wash,
no windows, for Berkeley, $25; also for Red-
wood city, ?25; Alameda. $25. and other
towns; girls for housework In city. $15, $20
and $25. Apply to J. K. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter St.
COOK, $30; 2 cooks at $2T> each: housegirl. 3
in family. $25: German nurseglrl. $20: 2 sec-
ond girls, $20 each; French second girl, $25;
boarding house cook. $25; cook. ■ madhouse,
$25: woman to wash dishes, institution, $15;
girl tor housework, no cooking. $20; house-
Kill. Belvedere. $25: young girl to assist, $10.
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
MIDDLE July, German or Swedish cook,
American family, $40 to $45; same house,
chambermaid, $25; Ist July. German cook,
Jewish family. $30: same house, second girl,
$25. MRS. LAMBERT. 418 Powell st.
A— WANTED— assist waiting,
mountain resort, $25; chambermaid and plain
cooking. $20; girl or woman, general work,
mountain resort. $20. fare paid. MURRAY
& READY. 634-63fi Clay st.
2 WAITRESSES, same country hotel, $20.
HOTEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny Bt.
YOUNG German or Scandinavian .girl to assist
in housework: 3 in family; wages $10. Call
betweeji 9 and 10 at 131$ Masonic aye.,
Haight-st. cars.
FIRST-CLASS sewers on ladles' wrappers, un-
derskirts and cording. Apply 33S Fell st. H.
FRIEDLaNDER. ?.-m: ,S ;
FIRST-CLASS ironers on starch work. NA-
TIONAL LAUNDRY, 411 Sanchez st.
WANTED— Experienced girls for pickle factory.
lewis PKG. CO., OS Front st.
OPERATORS on overalls, ley! STRAUSS &
CO., 32% Fremont it.; apply to Mr. Davis.
YOUNG girl to mind bajjy over 1 year old;
$5 a month. '".3 'Aw Ht^nenr Bryant.
FIRST-CLASS Inllorfim on coats .1575 Turk
street. ■'
OPERATORS on ladles' wrappers; steady
work; good pay. BTKUEn, [09 Battery, st.
YOUNG girl 01 mlddla lltil •wrmian to ftasttt In
light housework 771 Kiltly m.
SMALL Rlr! to tak* pare or t.nl.\ . wages $■>.
216 Leaven woiih nt, 1
GERMAN -nit l wanted for general housework;
. wage* lIS ■."!'.'. Hiiali tel,
EXPERIENCE!! fur »ew(pi machine hands
also finishers, AHOTIt! I'MIH 00 , Bas Market.
YOUNG girl for light leennd work. -Ar-i'ly «f
ter 8 a. m., southeast corner Mw»t( anil Green
WANTED— Cook, German preferred; w«t£ea $25.
2120 Jackson St. '
>/;,_ HELP WASTED- Continued.
EXPERIENCED operators and finishers on
custom shirts: high' st pay; steady employ-
ment. ROGERSON. 535 Valencia St. ■ .
WANTED— Good finisher on first-class coats:
steady work. 532 Folsom st.
SEAMSTRESS apprentice, about 20 to 25 years.
Call room 7. 15 Powell St. .
LADIES wanted where to distribute sam-
ples and advertise California Orange Syrup;
$2 per ' day and expenses paid, cash every
week. Particulars for 2-cent stamp Cali- |
fornia Orange Syrvr Co.. San Francisco. Cal.
Al PUPILS for se]e t millinery school: trade
thoroughly taught: satisfaction guaranteed;
terms easy: evening classes. 508 Leavenworth.
EXPERIENCED shirt operators: best prices;
steady employment. Eagleson Co., 535 Market.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
376 San Jose aye. " f r: ', v: ~
HELP WANTED— MALE.
NO OFFICE FEE.
FREE FARE.
.100 MEN WANTED.
• TO ; DAY ONLY.
SHIP THURSDAY '
FOR SALINAS VALLEI
AND COAST RAILROAD.
Laborers, Teamsters. Tunnelmen and Stone-
masons.
Wages. $; 75 to $3 a day.
c R. HANSEN & CO.. ;
104 Geary st.
MEAT and pastry cook for a railroad eating
house, J6O an.l found, see party here, broiler,
JfO; cook for a small resort north, $50 and fare
advanced; cook, small Institution. S3" and
found: third cook, hotel, city; 130; country
hotel. $30; 7 dishwashers. $25: be. '.maker. J25
i and room: 2 bakers' helpers; $25 and found.
Walter, institution. $30 and found; 2 wait-
ers, country hotel, $25 and two-thirds fare
free. Rt«V)
Raker for Nevada, fare advanced. $50 and
found or $60 and house rent free for a married
man and fare advanced.
Washer and starrer, summer resort. $40
and found and tree lure.
Experienced house porter, $30 and found:
cleaner for an institution. {20 and found.
MISCELLANEOUS
Head line man. sugar pine mill. $55 and
found; sawyer, $60 and found; gang edger-
man, $S0 and found, all see boss here, fell-
ers, pliers and laborers, $26 to $40 and found;
bench hand for a planing mill, $2 75 a .lay:
10 power drill miners, $3 50 to $4 a day. see '
boss here; ranch blacksmith. $1 50 a day and |
found; blacksmith, railroad camp, $3 a day |
and free fare.
C. R. HANSi N & CO., 104 Geary st.
MURRAY & READY. ... PHONE MAIN SS4S j
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents.. ,
WANT TO-DAY FROM 7 A. M
Furnace helper or fireman for mine. $30 and I
found I
Cobbler. Catholic institution $20 and found .
Tailor, Catholic institution $20 and found I
3 Stonemasons, $2 50 day; 3 stove grate mold- i
ers; mill bench hands, $2 75 day j
Pattern maker; machine and sticker hand. [
$3 day; Janitor, city job; hog butcher,' $55.... ,
Diamond drillers. (3 50 day: young man to i
'work in garden. $20' and found
HAY AND HARVEST HELP :
36 men for hay and harvest fields. $1 25, $1 50 i
and $2 day and found, for all parts of Cali-
fornia : J
DAIRIES AND FARMS
25 milkers for every county In California —
• $30 and $2". an.l found
26 orchard hands for every county In Cali-
fornia $26 and found j
27 vineyard hands for every county in Cali-
fornia $26 and found
23 choremen and boys for farms. $20, $15 and |
$10 and found
ANYBODY
Can dig small trenches so water can run
down between vines and trees, and pick fruit, I
10 men for this job. fare $1. wages $26 and j
found i
CARPENTERS— BLACKSMITHS j
6 carpenters for a large ranch $3 day
Bridge carpenter and 20 others for mills, $3
day; 9 blacksmiths, shops, ranches, etc.; also
2 helpers, City and country. $3, $2 50 and $2
day and $40 and found .:
BIG WAGES
12 four-horse teamsters, fare $175
$42 and found
12 laborers, 8 hours, fare Bsc ...' $2 day ;
12 laborers, 10 hours, fare 70c $2 50 day ;
6 laborers Government work
6 laborers for a manufacturing company —
TO SAWMILLS ..FARE PAID ;
TO SAWMILLS
...TO-DAY'S THE DAY.. ..WE SHIP
20 borers for yard and mills $26 and found
20 laborers to work in woods $26 and found |
Crosscut sawyers Tree fellers i
.lack.screwers. . . Spooltender* Log fixers
Head donkey men Screw turners ....
Bark peelers and other sawmill and woods
help, wages $75. $70, $65, $60, $40, $30 ana
found
FARE PAID.... FARE PAID
6 laborers, electric light company, country
TO THE. ...GOLD AND SILVER MINES....
26 laborers, no expenrience required, wages
$60. $50. $10 and found, steady, good jobs
RAILROAD ... FREE FARE RAILROAD
To every railroad in California for drillers,
laborers, stonemasons, teamsters, etc.. %'i. \
$2 50 $2 day. $50. $40 and found per month — !
'. STABLEMEN
6 stablemen, city and courltry
$40 $30 $25 and found
MARRIED
3 farmers and wives, good places. $40, $3."> and
found ■
Come and see 354 other places $95 to $15
We cannot advertise for want of space
...MURRAY &- READY.
634 and 636 Clay st.
MARRIED OR" SINGLE ..for San Francisco
Teamsters and laborers.. — $2 and $1 75 day
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT BAKERS
14 cooks for hotels, boarding houses, camps,
mines, ranches, saloons, etc, $00, $SP, $40, $35,
$30 and $20 and found
5 camp waiters, anybody can do this job. $25
and found: 5 hotel and restaurant waiters,
$30. $25 and $20 and found
18 dishwashers for hotels, etc
$25. $20 and $15 and found
6 porters, hotels and saloons..s2o and found '
Pantrymen, bellboys, laundryman: 4 bakers ■
for shons. mines, camps, $40 and found; 3 j
assistant bakers and boys. $25 to $15 and
found. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 ,
Clay st. ' - . " .
WANTED '. : 
.5 men handy with carpenters'
tools for mine, steady job at $2 per day; car- i
riage painter. $2 50 per day: blacksmith's 1
helper for ranch, steady job. $30 per month
and found •
Milkers, near city $25 and $30
Haying hand:- $1 50 and $1 75 per day
10 laborers for brickyard near city, no ex-
perience required, $30 and hoard :
5 miners $52 per month (
Woodchoppers, near city $1 25 per cord
Bark peeler, near city $40 and board j
Farmer and wife ;..$3Ti and board
and 99 others. W. D. EWER & CO.. .
610 Clay st.
WANTED '. •
Cook for bay steamer,
$40: second hand baker for country shop, fare
advanced. $30 and found; waiter for country-
hotel. $25; also waiter for small restaurant In
city, J25 and room. W. D. EWER & CO.,
610 Clay st.
WANTED— S more power drill miners, $3 50
day, I art fare . advanced: 5 quartz miners, j
$2 50 day. 10 teamsters, $2 day and (are re- j
funded: 20 laborers, $175. $2 and $2 40 day;
15 farmer?. $25, $30 and $1 50 day; choreman. j
$2': machinist for country. $3 day: carriage ;
Inter. $2 50 day; wagonmaker, $35 to $40,
fare advanced: blacksmith, $40 and board;
and many others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.;
628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Fruit farmer and wife. $40 to, $"0;
coachman and gardener, $25; man about place.
$25: boys for store, $3 week; assistant gar-
dener. $20 to $25: butter maker. $30. steady
job. .1. F. CROSETT A CO., 628 Sacramento.
WANTED— Cook for 3 men. $15 and found; |
baker, country shop. $40 and found; cook,
small hotel, $30; night porter. $25: dishwash- :
ers, $25: restaurant waiters; porter and ele-
vator man. $7 week and hoard. J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
ANDRE'S office, 316 Stockton st.— Wanted
for same country hotel, cook. $60, second, $30,
dishwasher, $25. call early: 3 laundrymen. $35:
waiter; resort. $25; waiter, coffee house. $30;
waiter, restaurant, $35: several dlswashers
and kitchen hands, $25 and $30; help for
springs, resorts, etc.
A MAN and wife for country. $40 per month.
MISS CULLEN., 325 Sutter St.
GERMAN waiter, institution, $20 per month; a
boy to do chores, country, $10 per month.
MIPS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
SECOND cook, $45. steady job; bar porter,
$20: country hotels. HOTEL GAZETTE. 420
Kearny st. "i, :•;;." .
WANTED— Upper leather cutter and men for.
steady work in shoe factory. Apply at D. R. '
WORTH & CO.'S. SOS Delaware St.. I
West Berkeley. Cal.
WANTED— Reliable man to assist light, genteel
-work fl hours per day; duties easily learned: !
must be satisfied with $16 per week: small ;
capital required. 1032 Market St.. room 4.
WANTED — Intelligent, reliable man for re- I
sponsible position, $20 a week; must have $150
cash security. Western Invest. Co., 9 Geary. !
TAILORS— A Rood coatmaker wanted for Chlco.
Apply to STEIN, SIMON & CO.. Market ami
Second st: ■ "
WANTED Man to , work on Petaluma 'in
press. Call .it 26 Sacramento St.. bet 7 »ml S;
o'clock a. m.
GOOD barber Wednesday afternoon; Thursday
evening. Saturday and Sunday; wage*. M4^»
Third st. j
TO go this week— soo pairs men's »hv*?a* »v>i««
nearly new. from 50c to (150; urn »tuv6a,
slightly damaged, half pric<\ MS MUat.-u «t ,
bet. ldt'and 2d sts.: open ! =» in- I- I i- m,
FIRST-CLASS Dreswti on ladies.' tailor s«ita .
mid jackets. A, t-AILUa-Uynt-.m Keanyv.
2 t'i 'I.i.ki >i:s ami canvassers v>n saiarv aiAij
I on, mission Ri RAJ I'tr. m Mv>iUg\'i«ers *i,
GOOD barber: stead.y ■-w<url&, §wv.i $a.g«& iul
; Hush at. v
„-„._„, ";■" "' -^ — ;■- v ■■---■—-_••■ ■■>■-',-
\yaiti:k wanted, ■' B(\th *t,, tctaufant.
v
HELP WANTED— Continued.
BARBERS— Quitting city; $90, 3-chalrs: We
shop; rent $12: investigate. STOLTZ, 630
Market st.
BOY wanted at 93." Market- St., room 16. W"
WANTED— Boys. Apply at 111 Clay st.
COATMAKERS wanted. 350 Third st.
BTKADY lunch waiter wanted at 623 Fourth
street.
,
MAN to work on pieced tinware. 521 Howard
st. C. F. EMERSON.
GOOD barber wanted at 523 Devisader Ft
near Oak.
RESTAURANT butcher wanted nt 112 Fourth
St.: call early. .
WAITER wanted; $20. Star Hotel. i.=an Ken-
tuck) st
GOOD steady, sober barber for Wednesday-
Saturday and Sunday.- 529 Fourth st.
WANTED— Shoemaker, young man, to do're-
pairing and help as store salesman. 3063 16th
BARBER wanted steady. 217 Fourth st.
WANTED Men can learn the barber ide tor
$5 at 1542 Market st.
$250— 15 c BARBER shop and baths. close to-
ne*- racetrack: • this is a great change
ST' >I.TZ.. 630 Market st.
MAN to take orders for printing. Apply 519
Filbert st.
WANTED- A cook from 9 a. m. to 2 p. m. Call
at 1326 Polk st
COAL miners accustomed to pitching veins can
find steady work at good wages at the Tea i
cral mines. Alameda County, Cal.; sufficient
new ground has been opened up during the
past ninety days to make room tor forty coal
miners: no other class of labor is required,
and miners unaccustomed to pitching veins
are not advised to com?. SAN FRANCISCO
AND SAN JOAQUIN COAL CO., R. H.
NORTON, superintendent. _^
____ _ . fc>^-
GET your shoes half soled whil» ting \.W to
POc. 562 Mission St.. between Ist and .M sts.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. . 150 larg>*
rooms: 2.V per night: $1 to $2 pfr week.
MEN wanted— Laborers, drilln n and team-
pters on railroad work; fare Oakdale to
Ponora free. Apply to BUCKMAN. Jfi2 Mont-
pomery st.
WANTED— dump mtn and powil^r men
for steam shovel work. Apply to JAS.: A.
McMAHON. 210 Spear st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; Cree emplny-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel Jessie 1K«.
BARBERS— 2Sc shop in prosperous mining
town for sale: $50. H. W. ATKINS. Ophir.
Cal. _
WILSON House. 775 Mission St.. near Fourth—
100 modern rooms with hot. cold water: fr»^
baths: electric lights: elevator: 25c to $1 nisht.
WANTED— pick and shovel men at $1 75 per
day. Devisadero and Broadway, city.
BUSH. 421. above Kearny— Choice rooms; gas
and stationary washstand: 100. 25c up
WANTED— 2O men to occupy rooms: lOC per
night. 60c to $1 per wk. 105 New Montgomery.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast an.l
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Bteuart st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, ]oc, l}c and 25c
per night. Lindell. 6th and Howard: read. rm.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 13S'_ Eighth St.
ELLIS, 321 (Rosedale House)— l6o rooms, day,
week or mo.: rates. 25c to $1 per night: re-
duction to permanent roomers: reading room.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attorneys,
Hearst bide.. Third and Market^
SINGLE rooms. 15c. 20c, 25c per night: 75c. if
to J2 50 week. Elcho House, 563V4 Market st
TRY Acme House, 967 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WANTED — To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Gutter st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
Ifi par* . In wrapper, for maillntr. $1 r>-*r year.
AGENTS WANTED.
SELL Magic Heel Protectors, sample 10c: also
Leather Lustre: sam. 25c. BROWN. 332 Bush.
, PROPERTY WASTED.
CHEAP lots near car lines anywhere in San
Francisco. J. ,T. EVANS, Real Estate an.l
" Loans Mills hulldlne.
FIRM . WANTED.
JENSEN Furniture 'Store. 73 9th. m*ys. sells,
exch new & 2d-hand fur., carpets, stove*.
WANTED- MISCELLANEOUS.
PIGEONS— Few hundred pair. J. DAVIDSON,
5S Theresa St., near Mission road.
WANTED— hire 100 flr»t class scraper i-am»
with harness and pead bars; lone Job. K. H.
PTONE. Elmhurst.
ROLLER top desk, second-hand: must be fine.
Box If B6. Call office.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $«1
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to lnvestl-^"
gate and approve this method: prices are th-»
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 anil
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
4 Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASES.
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy th»
customer.
BARGAINS— Another big lot pianos put on
sale cheap. Wilson's Storage Rooms. 1710 Mkt.
$2 50 PER mo. rents elegant cabinet grand up-
right: or sell cheap. 342 Kearny st.
A NEW Chlckering and 3 Steinways. Keeffe's,
1019 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary; tel. Larkin 706.
OUR specialty is renting new pianos, $2 »0 per
mo. Scott-Curtaz Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st.
R. A. DANIELS is now with BYRON
MAUZY. 308 to 312 Post st.
A— UPRIGHTS. $69 up; installments. $5 75 up:
rents. $2 up (allowed on saleV Heine. 136 Ellis.
A— sBs: UPRIGHT piano in fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st,
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 3CS
Post st. m
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento Ft., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Da\-ls pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ. 18
McAllister St.. next Hlbernla Bank.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell St.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
E'.^VRKTH, 106—Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
LOST.
$100 REWARD I will pay for the return of m|
pair diamond earrings ana one diamond
brooch lost on the corner of Hyde st. anil
Golden Gate aye.. as they are the wedding
presents to my wife. Address T. LUBEL-
SKI. -307 Golden Gate aye.
LOST Stick pins connected by chain: turquoise
surrounded by diamonds. Return to DR.
NOBLE. 315 Parrott building; liberal reward:
no questions. ■
LOST A bracelet between Broadway and
Buchanan st. and Tiburon ferry. Return to
VANDERSLICE'S, 136 Sutter St., and re-
ceive $10 reward.
LOST Valuable papers around Montgomery,
Market sts. or Phelan building: liberal re-
ward for return. 705 California st . rms. 31-33.
LOST— Minx boa at Grand Opera House mati- -
nee. Saturday; reward $5. Return to 125 San-
some st.
LOST— A fur boa last Sunday, between Market
st. and Frultvale. Return to 780 Fifth st.,
Oakland.
LOST— Brown Gordon setter dog on Fruitvale
aye.. Fruitvale. Return to Hotel Renner,
Fruitvale, and receive, liberal reward.
LOST— On Taylor St.. spectacles In black case.
Return to ISO Eddy st. ■
lost Leather music roll: initialed C. D. J.
Liberal ivward at 4'" Stelner st.
LOST Near I Union Coursing Park, black and
whit* 'greyhound bitch puppy. Finder receive
rfvanl from C. C. GRISWOLD at Union
Park. '
, FOUND.
THE WXtoti Ot Stj Patrick's church would like
t- nu.l owner or a bicycle" now In his posses-
*POl!NX>— Honw, back of Ingleside racetrack;
t»\ner can have same by paying expenses. 551
Uaiu»i"U *t. - / W>
SEWING MACHINES.
%'. MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: phone Mint 45.
AUTOMATIC. Domestic. Singer. White cheap;
repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bough*, sold.. exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth at.ItUSINESS CHANCES.
A— s2oo; RESTAURANT and chophouse; rent
{iii close to a Us Fargo Express Co.. Call
R. G. WILKE. .906 Market st.
. (y' l -CIGAR store With club rooms and
, aundry olfice: choicest location; close to
"^T I'owell and Ellis sts.; rare chance. R. G.
1 WILKE. [-06 Market st.
Ar-JSSvi CORNER saloon on Sixteenth and Mls-
pion; living rooms; rent low; lease: a
lirst-class raying place;' no better offer for
nan and wife. call R. G. WILKE. 906
Market si.
A -$450— BRANCH bakery and notion store In
lively country town, IS miles from the City;
rent !.: Including flat; a rare chance. R. G.
WILKE, SO6 Market st.
A— sl2oo; BAKERY In lively country town;
established years; monthly sales $1000: rent
$25; horse, wagon, living rooms; a good pay-
ing business. Call R. G. WILKE. 90S Market.
\-<* ' : BRANCH bakery in the Mission; 4
living rooms; rent $17 50; a good paying place;
clears about JlOO per month. R. G. WILKE
JCt Market Ft.
A--1M; CORNER grocery and bar; living
rrr.fi:; one-half block from W'leland/s Brewery;
dally receipts about $25; cash trade only; a
■ ..e chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
jl :"KUIT. fish and oyster store; best part i
v . north of Market st. . established 15 years;
i. . -s $20 to $25 daily; actually worth $2000; i
rea* ns for sacrifice. M. LESS & CO., 765 Mkt.
}4 ' GROCERY and bar; 3 living rooms; south
. : V.arket; rent $25: owner selling on account i
. : ther business. M. LESS. 765 Market st.
I7oi !U:TCHER shop; 35 .miles from city.
:■ ute of 135 regular customers; receipts from i
j;*'O to $1700 monthly; living rooms; bargain.
LESS, 765 Market st.
.'i OYSTER house and tamale factory, near
Market: must be sold, at once on account of
otlier business In country. . M. LESS, 765
Market St.
PTOrK and fixtures of grocery for sale; well
si ii »ed; old established business; lease pro-
1 1. ruble; Inventory open to Inspection. For
Information apply to CURTIN & HEALS,
r iom 24, third floor. Mills building, or at
ftore. northwest. cor. Fillmore and Turk sis
• a— CIGAR stand; centrally located; . bargain
this day; |200. COWING ft CO., 995 Market.
A— DELICATESSEN store; must sell; sickness j
cause of sale. COWING & CO., SSS Market st.
CATHOLIC book store • bargain this day.
• 'OWING & CO., 995 Market st.
$200— CIGAR, stationery, notion and candy
store; 5 sunny rooms. COWING & CO., 935
Market st. «
$200— CARPENTER and jobbing business; bar-
Eain this day. MoLAUGHLIN & CO., 777U
Market st.
$110— PAINT a.nd paper hanging business: pay-
ing. Mclaughlin & co., 777 Market st.
A FINE list of business propositions in saloons, j
grocery stores, I ranch bakeries, restaurants, [
coffee houses, merchandise, etc.; all kinds of ,
business b iught, sold and exchanged. EITEL,
lOOS'tt Market st. |
$1000— BAKERY; prosperous country town of
4'j«*i; store and wagon trade $20 day; supplies
4 towns with bread; fine opening for hustler;
trade can be doubled. JONES, 865 Market st.
$21,0— PARTNER wanted In light' business; $15
to 525 a week; trial given; no experience re-
qulre.J. Western Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
$."00— SALOON north of and near Market st. ; re-
ceipts $25: rent $35; best bargain in city; must
be sold. National Agency, 783 Market st.
SNAP; French restaurant doing fine business,
with 22 rms., all rented. BASILS, 87SV4 Mkt.
FOR sale— first-class bakery, baking ::' 2 bar-
rels, with a good route, 2 wagons and 4
horses and a tine store trade. Address box i
47". Call office.
PARTNER wanted; $260 required; party must
have best of references; sober and -indus-
trious; no other need apply; saloon business.
Address 263 Minna St.
!FOR sale — a well-recommended dairy and deli-
cacy store In beet business order at very rea-
sonable figur?. 1109 Folsom St.
FOR sale — Shoe shop; reasonable; owner retir-
ing on account of old age. 539 Gear}- st.
$15— STORE, use of fixtures; good for dress-
maker or small business. 353 Fifth st.
OIL lands, 50c rer acre; in the oil belt; get in
on the ground floor this week; don't buy
shares of imaginary value: get land at first
cost and incorporate company yourself. J.
J. EVANS, Real Estate; money loaned to and
for you; Mills building; 20 acres for $10.
BARGAIN House furnishing and repair shop;
complete set of tinner's tools and machines;
stock of tin. agateware and house furnishing
utenslle; for sale cheap on account of sick-
ness; store located at . "■;:•; Fillmore St., city.
Address E. VAN EVERY, Eden Vale. Cal
$1500 TO J2.'iefl will purchase interest In ex-
traordinary profitable business seldom offered;
no saloon, night or Sunday work; particulars!
at pei sunn! Interview to principal; Investiga-
tion solicited; references exchanged. Ad-ir^sa
. •>. -tUb, O.ill Ofliee.
FORTUNES in rubber and coffee; ■■■ *■ 1 ms
for,' sale; dividend paying; participation $10 1
up: write for prospectus. MEXICAN IM- i
PROVEMEI CO., 220 California st.
OKI) established saloon and dancing hall for
rent, and stock and fixtures for sale on ac-
rount of retirement from business of owner.
Apply to McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery.
COOP hotel In Sacramento; doing: first-class
business; pood location; 65 regular boarders;
reason of disposal, parties going to leave. In-
quire Call office.
FA LOON— Bargain to-day; part cash, balance
monthly payments; going East cause of sale.
124 Fourth st. .
MGOOD location for fruit store; fixtures In; r»nt
■•ion for fruit stor»; fixtures In; r»nt
reasonable. 2"." 1 Third aye., cor. Clement st.
Take Sutro car.
GOOD Ice route for sale. Box 4763 Call office.
I RESTAURANT for sale. Apply at 234 O'Far-
rell st. .'.'
; TED— Stock of millinery goods; must be
reasonable for cash. Box 4755, Call office.
SALOON for sale; In good location. Inquire of
, OM Third et.
RESTAURANT for sale cheap; good place for
French restaurant. Apply USA Ellis.
A LOON and 6-room lodging house, completely
furnished, for sale. 80 Jackson st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL * CO.'S., 415 Sacramento st.
LODGING HOUSES FOB SALE. .
$400^10^ROOM cor. flat; worth $1000; 0n1y... $400
30 rooms; new fur. $250 cash, balance $10. 1000
22 rooms; on Howard st 600
..MY BEST BARGAIN TO-DAY IS
''A 10-ROOM HOUSE; NEW FURNITURE..
.... $100 CASH
'BALANCE $10 PER MONTH: PRICE $450..
Country hotel and bar; 30 rooms 1800
5-room flat, near Emporium 250
l.'i-room house; worth $000. .i 250
H. C. DECKER,
1020 Market Pt., 1020 Market st.
R. H. WINSTON A CO., 102« Market st.
18 rooms; Geary St.; $300 cash, balance
payments of $10 monthly $650
29 T-ooms: rent 188 60; north of Market: $450
cash balance payments $10 monthly $700
MONEY TO LOAN at 2 per c»nt.
. •-,.>- In- room lodging house, rent $40. clear-
Ing $50 per month; Kearny st. R. G. WILKE,
JtfrfJ Market st
$250— ELEGANT house 10 rooms; first floor doc-
tor's offlre; Felling for best reasons; .''o other
houses for sale. HEALY, 917 Market st.
FOR SALE— WeII-paying lodging house of 12
nicely furnished rooms; rent only $25; price
1225: no agents. Apply 130 Second Pt.
i A— ROOM lodging house; centrally located;
■ be«t in city; bargain. COWING & CO., 995
Mn rket st. '
I$2.W- LODGING house M rooms, all furnished;
rent $45. 1324 Ptockton st. .
|3iVi— LODGING house of 20 rooms for sale;.
rent $2.i. 72 Jackson pt.
THIRD. 233— Lodging house of 11 rooms for
sale cheap
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
NICE furniture of 4 rooms cheap. Apply 22SA
Dolores ft.
TAPESTRY, Brussels carpets, laid and lined.
Wo. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310 Stockton st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. Hint; Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FOR SALE— ..MISCELLANEOUS^
i BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Me- I
INTOSH & WOLFMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
FOR pale— Complete halrdresslng business;
central; store and fixtures; also furn. living
apartm'ts at'ehed; ront cheap. Box 4622, Call.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office
furniture and fixtures; new and second-hand
J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission st
above Slx.th. \
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission »t.
BOILERS, engines, second-hand machinery.
BURKE. 139 Beale Kt.
CAMERAS and photo' supplies— A full line
selling at less than cost: 613 Hearst building.
ICE plant; 2d hand; complete; pipe, engine.
boiler, ammonia tank. White, 616 Mission.
GASOLINE engines— l h. p. $100, 2 h. p. $12.-.. 3
h. p. $150. i h. p. $175. Smith Co., 527 Mission. |
1 DRESS pants, $2 95: fine suits. $9 95. Misfit Cloth- I
Ing Parlors. 613 Montgomery, cor. Commercial. I
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu- j
lar Price Hatters. '33o Kearny st.. near Pine.
SAFES— AII sizes new and second-hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO. 1 417 Sacramento st.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand, all
sizes; half original cost. 105-111 Market. S. F. i
PERSONALS.
WANTED— To consult with shipmaster or 11- ''■
censed mate in reference to new rig for ships; j '
model and drawings shown; remuneration .
guaranteed. A. V. SMITH, 2413 Howard st.
$1 1000- BILLHEADS, cards, noteheads or
statements printed; catalogue printing. MEL ,
A. BLEY, 622 Sacramento St.; tel. Main ISM
LEDERER'S QUINTONICA is a delightful .
tonic;" stops your hair from falling out and 1
effects a healthy growth; 35c bottle. • ■„;-':
GO to LEDERER. the hairdresser; latest ;
vogue in hairdresslng, 25c;. see Foanio i
Shampoo exhibit in window, 5c pkg; switches, i ,
$1 up; hair rolls, 10c. 123 Stockton st.
JOHN L. BOONS, Patent. Trademark I .
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign .
Send for Circular. . Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
PRIVATE sanitarium— Surgical and medical i
cases taken charge of for physicians, sur- !
geons and private Individuals. 1316 Guerrero,
nr. 25th; Guerrero-st. cars; tel. Blue 991.
T. BRILLIANT, 335-340 Post St.. will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor- ,
made suits, etc.. on very easy payments.
COMPLETE line ladles' tailor-made suits; low !
prices; ea^y payments. Eastern Outfitting
Co., cloak and suit dept.. 1306 Stockton st.
DR. CREELY'S Dog Hospital. 109 Elm aye.;
office. Horse Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye.; '
separate ward for contagious diseases.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no injec-
tion ;guarantd. Dr. Gordin, 514 Pine, ah. Keany. ;
A— ELEGANT ladles' tailor-made suits to order I
at wholesale ligures. KRAMER, 20 Sansome. j
LADIES' tailor-made suits. $1 week. Chicago ;
Clock Co.. I*l4 Market st. ; open evenings.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or- I
der. K. YOSHITANI. 313 Sutter st.
A— Ladles, or gent's clothing, furniture, bought.
sold; lei. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices;
$1 a week. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 113 Kearny.
WANTED— gold for manufa< ng. O. Nolte,
Jeweler, 24S O'Farrell. bet. Powell & Mason. i
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly j
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1, |
postage paid.
DRESSMAKERS.
REMOVED to 387 Geary st. ; dresses made. $5
up; perfect fit. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
357 GEARY St.— Dresses made, $5 up; dresses
made over; perfect fit: organdies and lawns.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRf?rX~J. WHITNKY, trance! test medium, j
life reader; also medical clairvoyant; treats
private, chronic or obscure diseases; send
stamp for circular. Offices 232 Stockton, bet.
Post and Geary; sittings Jl: diagnosis free, j
JOHN SLATER, circle to-night, 8:15 sharp; j
sittings daily, 10 to 4: satisfaction guaranteed, j
ISO 9 Stockton st., near Greenwich.
MRS. MANDENA. clairvoyant, medium and j
palmist; satisfaction or no pay; test circles j
Wednesday and Friday eves. ; 10c. 234 Vi Sixth, i
MEDIUMS' Association to-night Occidental
Hall. 306 Larkin st. ; Mrs. Seal, Robinson, :
Griffin^ !
i MRS. MEN A FRANCES, independent •late-
writing medium. 118 Haight st.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Frt.. 2 p. m . ; ;
Mr,., 8; 25c: sittings. $1. 283 Valencia st.
■ i
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. Si pt year.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MISS J. B. DWYER. the distinguished clair-
voyant and medium; those in trouble or who |
wish to know their futnre should consult this j
gifted medium Immediately, either In person
or by letter: Miss Dwyer graduated under the
highest professor In occultism and Is master
of the power by which she can reveal your j
entire life; also the lives of those in whom I
you are interested; satisfaction guaranteed by |
mail. $1; reduced rates to the poor. 917 Mar-
• ket 6t. . |
i MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant ami
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond sight: diagnoses disease; full life read-
Ing; ladles, oOc; gents, $1: sit.. $1 50. 126 Turk.
WONDERFUL success; Jlm«. Cllngman, from
New York; scientific palmistry, astrologist;
readings 50c and $!. 513 Tenth st.. Oakland.
Miss SHELDON is located at 17 Grant aye., J
j room 6; card reading and chiropodist. ;
MISS KING, card reader; 25c and up. 1032
Market st., room 3. 5! % ■".
RAY FAIR, returned: wonderful gift of second I
sight and card reading; parlor 3. 15 Powell.
Miss GEORGIE TAYLOR— Returned: card
reader and palmist. 110^ Turk st, rooms 1-2.
. LADIES lately from the East; palmistry
ami card reading. Room 2, 17 Grant aye.
MME. HANSON, card reader and palmist;
past, present and future. 25c. 148 «th. r. 12.
MISS L. DEAN, fortune teller and palmist.
1065 Market st., room 2. '
MRS. . EDWARDS, clairvoyant and card
card reader. Room 7, 530 Rush st. first floor.
_ ,
MISS GREEN, card reading and palmstry. 203
Post st.. room 1.
MISS TESSIE GRANT, returned, card reader
and palmist. 36Vv Geary St.. rooms 1 and 3.
GYPSY QUEEN has returned; clairvoyant and
palmist. 204 Ellis St.. rooms 35 to 36. ,
MISS IRENE WILSON, card reader and palm- j
ist. 130 Ellis St., room 6.
MISS M. FOX, celebrated card reader, room 12,
311 Grant aye, S__~
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently^ business \
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. KOI'P, natural-born clairvoyant and card
reader: 50c. IS Lewis st., oft Taylor, nr. Post.
BLANCHE DE CHAPPELLE. clairvoyant and !
card reading. 417 Bush st.. rooms 9 and 10.
MYRTLE POTTER, card reader and palmist.
Parlors 12 and 18, second floor, E65<4 Market.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card i
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth ft., near Mission.
MME. ETTA RALPH, magnetist and psychom-
etrlst; parlors 2 and 3. 995 Market st.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c; Sunday hours,
7 to 10 p. m. 326 Larkln St.. room 6.
MME. AUGUST, 1160 Mission St.; clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay; Sac.
MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly I
Call. 16 pages, sent to nny address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
PAXAII-TKV.
MME. NEEROAARD, pupil of Count St. Oer-
malne. 616 Geary st.. above Jones; tel. Hyda
2621: reading by mall. $1.
YOUR fate Is in your hand; scientific palmis- !
try. MME. GERMAINE. 90« Market «t., r. 30. j
A-MME. BUSHNELL. the famous palmist. 918 i
Bush st.. bet. Taylor and Jones.
j sTROLOGY.
ASTROLOGER and trance medium; minerals j
located: lucky days: palmistry. 319 McAllister. |
DENTISTS.
! A^Tm?~T r^K.'^HIGGfNS r ''r>ental ParlorsT~92l !
Market St., over Cafe Zlnkand; teeth extract- i
ed or filled without pain, electricity, gas or |
chloroform administered; the best and most!
artlftic- work at reasonable prices. Pure gold \
filling, from $1; other fillings, from o0c; |
plates, from $4 50; flesh colored plates, from ;
$5; porcelain or gold crown and brldgework
(per tooth), from $3. We guarantee our work, i
Open evenings and Sundays.
A DISCOUNT of 20 per cent on all plates and !
brldgework until August I to Introduce our i
• new flesh-colored plates; thinner and stronger :
than rubber; warranted for 20 years; crown '
and brldgework teeth without a plate: fill-
ings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; plates, full set. $5;
all work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS. 24 Sixth ft.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St.; cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns, i
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of- I
fice hours, 9a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday. 9 to 2 i
. p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder- ■
• ful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth, $4: . fillings, 25c up: gold '
crowns. $3; gold bridges, $5 up: painless ex- !
traction guaranteed; plates repaired. NEW
YORK DENTISTS, 969 Mission St.. cor. 6th. j
DR LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near i
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
VAN VROOM— extraction by electric- >
It—; guarantee 10 years; lowest • prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market st. |
OHIO Dental Parlors— Filling. ,60c up; crowns, j
$3 up; open ev'gs. 850 MarKet st.
BET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. O. j
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st
CO-PARTNERSHIP otices.
NOTICE Is hereby given that the copartnership
existing between. ASHMAN & BURKE at 139
Beale st has this day been dissolved by mu-
tual consent, and the business will be con-
. ducted in the future under the firm name of '
the underslcned. J. BURKE." [
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 21, 1899.
HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSE, 11 rooms, J25; for rooming house. 623
Second St.
HOUSE bunting made eaey with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
1C Montgomery st.
VERY fine house, in perfect condition: 3356
Twenty-first st., near Guerrero; 7 rooms; rent
very reasonable; se* It. E. G. DENNISTON,
3454 Twenty-first st. .
$25— HOUSE, sunny rooms; 9 rooms and bath;
large basement ; front and back yard ; modern
Improvements. 2726 Mission ?t.
COTTAGES TO LET.
.SUNNY cottape, 4 and 5 roomi; flat. 6 rooms,
bath; cheap. 1876 Klfteenth St., near Dolore
FLATS TO LET.
A— BEST tenants wanted for good landlords.
Flats— Flats— Flats— Flats— Houses— Houses-
Houses— Houses- -Cot tapes- -Cottages— Cottages
—Cottages — Downtown— Mission— Western Ad-
dition. 'A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
A Nl<'E flat of 5 rooms; partly furnished: rent
reasonable. Call tetween 12 and 4 p. m., 35
Turk st.
BEAUTIFUL modern 7-room corner; middle
flat. US Webster St., near Haighl.
ELEGANT new sunny 7-room flat; all modern
improvements; $30. 1607 Laguna st.
FINE sunny flat of 6 rooms and bath. 911 A
Guerrero St., bet. Twenty-first and Twenty-
second.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you pet from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery Ft.
FLAT— 6 room 6, $14; cottage, 4 rooms, $10 25.
623 Second st.
FOR sale }7. r . ; fiat of 5 rooms, completely fur-
nished; z od Bewlng marhine; rent of flat, $12.
Call from ? a m to 9 p. m., 1011V4 Ma,son st.,
entrance Ewer place.
MCALLISTER, 1129- Upper flat of 7 rooms and
bath; reasonable to good tenant.
POLK. IS39 — 8 newly furnished rooms and bath;
will let :>ll or part: terms very low.
BIXTEENTH, near Howard— Nice, clean sunny
upper flats; 7 rooms and bath: $1"; repairs to
suit G. H. CMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
SUNNY upper Oat, 6 large rooms and bath.
."•66 Bryant gt., near Fourth. t
HI :; SUNNY ronnis. 11 and 17 Adelaide place,
off Taylor St., between Post and Geary.
$20— ELEGANT flat. I roome, bath. 46 Elgin
Park, near 13th st., above Valencia.
$12— FLAT, 4 nice rooms; bath; yard. 3231
Twentieth St. Apply 711 Treat aye.
BUNNY middle flat. 4 rooms, bath, yard.
10 Bhotwell st.. near Fourteenth.
JI6— LOWER flat, :> rooms and bath: newly .
painted. Apply -20 Thirteenth. r.»ar Howard.
KOOMS FOR HOISEKEEIMXG.
ADELINE. P'l. Oakland— Pleasant sunny fur-
nlshed housekeeping rooms; terms reasonable;
near local.
BOWIE aye.. 5—3 large, newly painted and |
papered unfurnished housekeeping rooms; |
rent cheap to a gmall family. |
HUSH. Vl'Yi. r,! Hyde— Flat of 3 or 4 rms.
furnished for housekeeping; gas; bath; piano.
ERIE, 17. bet ISth a. id Uth- 3 furnished house-
keeping rooms; neat; convenient; garden: $13.
FOLSOM, \\K I sunny rooms complete for
housekeeping.
GEARY. 556— Elegant sunny frr.nt and back
parlor suites fur hskpg.; other rooms; tel.
GEARY, 1917 -Furnished and unfurnished flats;
eai h 4 roomi", 2 bath?, 2 toilets, i cellars;
gas; every convenience; $IS.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 404—3 rooms complete for
hou» ■ references.
HOWARD, 528, bet. First and Second— Nice
furnished sunny room and also housekeeping.
HOWARD, 106614 - '" r 3 furnished rooms 'com-
plete for housekeeping; bath.
LARKIN, 526— 2 or 3 sunny housekeeping apart- ;
rr.ents, furnished complete; Ras range; bath. ]
MINNA, 539. near Sixth— Large front sunny I
room furnished for housekeeping; and other
rooms.
MISSION, 932V- Sunny front room; running ]
water and stove; suitable for housekeeping.
MISSION, 11854, "°* r Seventh 2 sunny rooms;
good stoves; $1 2.') and $1 60 per week.
PEARL, 3. cor. M.irket— Two connecting rooms I
furnish.'! complete for housekeeping; $10.
SIXTH. 216'^-Nlcely fur. sunny front rooms; :
single and hskpg.; running water; reasonable.
BUTTER, mi— Fur;.-! ■■■! rooms, single and in
puitps. also housekeeping: terms reasonable.
SITTER. 22* 2 to r > furnished sunny front
rooms for housekeeping; call forenoons.
THIRTEENTH, 7UA. nr. Fillmore One double
Or single parlors, klti-hen, both furnished, by
lady alone.
TURK. S43— Large front room, complete for
housekeeping; gas and bath; $2 50 per week;
also slnstle room.
TW KI.FTH, 12. n-'nr Market— Furnished hwi-
room and kitchen fi-r housekeeping; rent $8.
TWELFTH, 145 — 2 sunny rooms complete fur
h us*ke»p!:ig: nSsn :< rooms; gas and water.
TWENTIETH, 8622, near Valencia— 2 sunny
furnished connecting rooms: bath, sink.
VALENCIA, lonfi— Two furnished housekeeping j
rooms; bath; no children.
VAN NEBS aye., IO2L near Geary -Front sunny
sultr-; kitchen: *as range: bnth.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
gunny rooms en suite or single; first-class
In every rispect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor ats.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath: rooms. r Jx- to $1 rO day. MRS. J. KING. ,
BALBOA, 1048 A Market— Changed hands; first- j
class rooming house; elegant sunny outside
rooms elevator; prices reasonable; transient ]
* .11. !t*d. H. H. MeCOLLISTKU, Prop.
BOHEMIAN, it) Post, cor. Stockton— Sunny
corner, rooms and suites; quiet, al! conveni-
ences; tourist; elevator, etc.; first-class refs.
BUSH, 1124, cor. Hyde— Beautiful rooms, $10 and
$12; sun, bath, running water; home comforts.
CARROLTON, 120(1 Market— Sunny corner fur-
nished and unfurnished rooms and offices.
CLIFFORD, 2»4 Ellts. cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 803, corner Jones— 2 sunny bay-window
corner rooms: double beds; homelike.
EDDY, 473 -Rright clean sunny room; well
furnished; I.' per month.
GEARY. 14A— Large well-furnishfd «uit«, run-
ning water, $20 m<s. ; hkpg.: otherF. $1 50 wk.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. corner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single: elevator: moderate rates; famlHe-
HANCOCK House, 7SI MisHlon— Select fsmily
rooming house: SI 50 to $6 per wpek
HANDSOMELY furnished sunny front room:
running water: private family; reasonable. 727
Golden Gate aye.
HOTEL Grosvenor. 3>9 Sutter. near Stockton-
Sunny suites or single rooms; cable cars pass
door; elevator; free baths.
JONES. fiOS— Small room In private family;
rent reasonable.
LARKIN, 804— Large sunny back room, n<-atly
furnished, 1 or 2 persons, $7; gunny single,
furnished, $4.
MARKET. 7S3H— Neat newly furnished rooms;
central location; $1 to $2 50 per week.
MINNA. 6f17, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 539 Large sunny rooms, furnished
and unfurnished.
MISSION, 1210, nr. Bth— Handsomely fur. suite
of 3 rooms; Ist floor; private; modern con.
MISSION. ISO, near Eighth— Room In new flat
suitable for 2 gentlemen, $10.'
NATOMA, 53S— Sunny furnished room; also 2
unfurnished, for housekeeping.
NICE sunny room: suitable for gentleman;
gas; bath; private family. 42T> McAllister st.
OCTAVIA,' 418—1 or 2 sunny furnished rooms,
with or without use of kitchen.
OFARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator; electric lights; day. wk.. mo.
O'FARRELL. 129 A. nr. Powell— Neatly frnshd.
rms., bath; gae; quiet; home comforts.
OFARRELL. 32R, near Taylr-r— 2 front sunny
rms.: hot, cold water: also single rms.; reas.
POWELL. 222— Changed hands; everything
new; sunny rooms; suites and single; run-
ning water.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis St.— lncandescent
light; reading room, smoking room and
ladle*' parlor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50:
week, $2 to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot. cold wat.; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH, 142— Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
suitable for office or single; $1 up.
THE Oaks. 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
THIRD, 25. near Market— Sunniest rms. In S.
F. ; white lights; extra good beds; cheap.
TURK, 39. cor. Taylor— Housekeeping and
sunny single rooms reasonable.
TURK, 542— Large sunny bay-window front
room; 3 blocks of City Hall; bath.
TWENTY- FIRST. 3364— Large sunny furnished
front room ; suitable for 2. I
ROOMS AND BOARD.
AT 415 First St.— Nicely furnished rooms, with
board. $5. a week up: Swedish home: parlor.
BEAUTIFUL, sunny alcove rooms suitable lor
2; grand view; desirable location; strictly
private. 523 Oak st. ■__________
HOTEL Victoria, 1105 Hyde, cor. California—
Prettily furnished suites, bath; board optional.
LAS PALMAS. 1820 Market— Parlor. 2 bed-
rooms, suitable for 4; private; bath: board op.
O'FARRELL. 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; good
home cooking, single, $25: double, Ji'O.
POWELL. 30$ (Hotel Waldorf).' lacing Union
6Q— Furnished suites and single room»; In
business locality for table boarders.
SOUTH PARK, 159— Large sunny front suite;
first floor; privilege of hskpg; board optional.
BUTTER, 1128— Lovely Funny rooms with board;
pretty garden; home cooking.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
GOOD home for 2 children over 2 years. 239 A
Shipley st.
GOOD home for Infants, only $10 per month.
210 Lexington aye.. near Nineteenth St.
RESTAURANTS.
WESTERFELD'S Restaurant, coffee and Ice
cream parlor. 1035 Market St.: popular prli->'.
STORES TO LET.
A— BEST tenants wanted for good landlords;
stores stores stores stores
for all kinds of business
downtown Mission Western Addition
A. M. SPECK & CO., «7 Market st.
STORE to lease— First-class location for cigar
stand; corner Market. California and Drumm
ste. MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market St.
STORE and 3 living- rooms, $10. 2941 Mission.
Inquire 2913 Mission st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS
GEO. MAYERLE. German Expert Optician:
charter member American Association of Op-
ticians. 1071V4 Market St., S. F. ; examlna-
tlon free; open evenings. ■
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who Ere sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere: they will find
in her a true friend; a home for patients,
with every comfort, convenience of a hospital
and privacy of a home; consultation free an.l
confidential; home treatment, $5; no Instru-
ments used; satisfaction guaranteed or money
refunded, by MRS. DR. GWYKR. 810 Eddy
St., bet. Hyde and Larkin; office hours, 10 to
12, 2 to 4 and 7 to S. Sundays by appointment
only.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cast-s of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed: travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
same day; no instruments used: cure at office,
$5; home in confinement: skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH, 942 Post St., bet.
Hyde »nd Larkln: hours, 10 to 5 and T to 8
p. m.; Sunday. 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
ALL ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated: no de-
lay; wit-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES. 1228 Market St.;
pills. $1: very strong. $2.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly nil
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no instruments used; guar-
. anteed cure at office. $5; travelers helped in-
stantly; consultation free and confidential;
home for patients; comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Marnet St., between
Mason and Taylor; office hours, 9 to 5 and 7
to <? p. m. , Sundays, 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
IMPORTANT— A great progress in medical sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause; every woman her own physician, no
matter how long standing: travelers helped
at once; safe; call on a physician with men's
knowledge; cure. $5; restores In 1 day and
prevents disgrace: can be sent; consultation
free; ladles' physician, practice 37 years.
DR. POPPER. 31S Rearny st. _^__^^_
A — DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
femaie specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated sucessfully more cases of Irregulari-
ties than any other physician: never fails to
cure; consult him first, save time and money:
. treatment can be UFed at home; consultation
free: call or write. 1023 V& Market st.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor: Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay St.. San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese h?rbs. over 3000 varieties being used:
advice free: hours. 9:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 9
and .7 to 9 p m. ' ;
ALL female complaints cured In 24 hours; well-
known, reliable, safe and sure: maternity
home; no instruments: consultation free and
confidential: home treatment $5. MRS. AL-
LEN, 228 Van Ness aye.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro." the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay
1 tst. :.J1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to tie-
guro Mfg. Co., 531 X st., Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe- cure: $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland, Cat
A— DR. and MRS. SILVA. 215% Mason St.—
Private home in confinement: ladles' friend
In trouble; terms reas. ; call and be convinced.
REMOVAL of Mrs. Dr. Schwartz to cor. 4'< !
and Linden. Oakland; home in confinement;
children adopted out. Take Grove-st car.
DR. AND MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden date
aye.: private home in confinement; babies
adopted Into good homes.
MRS. ACHARD. midwife; pleasant sunny home
in confinement. 156 Second st. ; tel. Green 52.
DR. and Mrs. Wise, 1118 Market st.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back; $5 up.
PRIVATE home during confinement; best of
attendance. Address box 627. Call office.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
! saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con- i
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics. j
BUSlNESS— Bookkseplng, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English; 24 >
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.
HOLMES' College of Oratory— Term opens
August 1; elocution, literature, rhetoric, phy- ,
sical culture, Delsarte, ; vocal music, piano,
violin, journalism, practical acting, stage
technique; 15 Instructors; degrees conferred;
day and evening classes. Address secretary
for catalogue, room 4. Odd Fellows' big, S. F. i
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market st ;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, .
I?enmanshlp, English branches, etc.; life j
•Cfaolamhlp, $50; low rates per week and mo. ]
BOOKKEEPING thoroughly in 6 weeks or a
year's course free; rapid cal'ns; other studies: \
college graduates perfected. TARR, Expert
Accountant, room 60, Flood building.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system: sunny rooms; low rates; day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College. 1236 Mkt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archl. ; day A- eve.;
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLKN. 933 Market.
LAW Schools, 927 Market. S. F.. and 905 Broad-
• way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
PIANO lessons by a competent teacher: ten
years' experience; f>oc an hour. 620 Eddy st.
MATHEMATICS, history. English • taught:
coaching specialty: vacation Jo mo. 220 Eddy.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 305 Lsrkln st.. opp. City Hall.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet Cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets, C. H. STEVENS. Mgr, !
SS and 40 Eighth st.: telephone South 250. •
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
s«nd to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned. 3c per yard. H. L. JONES,
800 McAllister St.. cor. Larkin: tel. Mint 1501.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
. tel. Main 394. GEO. WAI-TOM. Proprietor.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson st. : tel. South 228: lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTOX'S. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
U. S. Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn.. 308 Golden
Gate: carpets cleaned. 3c yd.; tel. Mint 346.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye. ; tel. East 126. .
HORSES.
FOR SALE— One span bay horses, weight 3415
pounds; half-brothers and well matched: 4
and 5 years old: well broken. Inquire at Ar-
cade- Stables. Dixon, Cal, 'r-N,v-
-40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market.
527 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
ALWAYS on hand; well broken road, business
and work horses. Chaxe & Mendenhall. suc-
cessors Kllllp & Co.: salesyard. 1732 Market.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
LIGHT fancy driving cart; nearly new; a bar-
gain. 64 Alpine St., between Broderlck and
Devlfadero. .
100 RETS -second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
busreies. surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
BALDWIN & HOWELU __
i 10 MONTGOMERY STREET.
FORECLOSURE SALE.
FINE MODERN FLATS.
$4900— Golden Gate aye., near Baker st. ; splen-
did building; cost over $5000; everything up to
date; a great bargain.
A FORCED SALE.
$5500— Leavenworth st., bet. California and
Sacramento; 2 bay-window flats, 5 and 6 rooms
and bath each; rent $42 50.
$5250— Folsom-st. residence, near Twenty-sec-
ond St.; fine bay-window house; contains 8
room's and bath, lot 33x100; stable in rear;
mortgage of $4000 can remain.
$Ssoo— Clay St.. near Battery; 2-£ tory brick
building; store and 2 floors above; cement base-
ment; rent $70.
$7250— Corner on Clay St., near Mason; 3-story
building: store and 20 rooms above; lot 28x70;
under lease; a great bargain.
$300 CASH. BALANCE $30 MONTHLY.
$2080 — Nice "-story bay-window house on
Clipper st., near Castro; contains 7 rooms and
bath; foreclosure sale.
$1700— Hartford el, near Eighteenth; cottage
of 4 rooms, bath, etc.; brick foundation; lot
24:7x125.
$3760— Must be sold; cheapest property in the
Mission; Dolores-st. corner; new residence of 7
rooms and bath; handsomely decorated; modern
plumbing, etc.; lot 33x90; corner, 33x65, vacant;
should be improved with stores and flats; Do-
lores ci- is to be made a boulevard to connect
with thfe proposed park panhandle extension.
$6600—1315 Mason St., near Jackson; lot SSx
137:6, with 3-story residence of 12 rooms and
bath; also rear house of 5 rooms; stable for 6
horses.
$S7sO— Rent $87; Folsom-st. corner; fine build-
ings; ail rented; lot 25x112:6; a splendid inter-
est-paying property.
$72Cu — Two fine handsome new flats of 6 and 7
rooms and bath; best portion of Devisadero St.;
rent $62 50; lot 26x100.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
COTTAGE in Mill Valley, $3250; easy terms;
or will exchange for San Francisco property;
in best portion of Mill ' Valley, near station-
extra large corner lot. with good cottage of
6 rooms, bath, etc. BALDWIN & HOWELL,
1" Montgomery st. ■
C H EAP LOTS-CHEAP LOTS-
sl7of>— Green st., bet. Pierce and Scott; 25x100.
$14uO— Another bargain; First aye., near Jack-
son St.; large lot, 30x120; fine elevated position,
commanding a superb view.
$1000--$5O cash, balance $10 monthly; Third
aye., bet. California and Clement sts.; large
lots; splendid neighborhood; you can build when
first payment is made.
$450 each— Very cheap; 3 lots on Douglass St.,
bet. Twentieth and Twenty-first; each 25x126.
$2000— Maybe less; Howard St., bet. Twenty-
fifth and Twenty-sixth; 25:6x117:6 to alley.
$1475— 0n1y 3 left; Frederick et. bet. Cole and
S-hrader; sunny side of street; cheapest lots in
panhandle district; blockfrom the park.
$Sooo— Sac ramento st., bet. Laguna and Bu-
chanan; 40x137:C; select neighborhood.
$4750 — Fine corner clcse to town; Page and
Laguna sts.; ;:5x57:6; suitable for flats; all
street work done.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
1U Montgomery st.
GOOD INTEREST-PAYING PROPERTIES.
$lu,'(s0 — Rent $90; always rented; large lot,
40:6x137:6. on Leavenworth St.; 2 fine bay-win-
dou houses; selei t neighborhood.
$4250— Chestnut st., nnar Mason; good 2-story
house: also .' flats; lot 25x137:6.
FLATS CLOSE To ONION IRON WORKS.
$2400— Connecticut st.. near Twentfeth; 2 flats
of 4 rooms and bath each; always rented.
BALDWIN & H'>\VKLI,,
10 Montgomery st.
REAL ESTATE FOR SALE BY
THOMAS MAGBE & SONS,
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
WESTERN ADDITION HOfSES AND LOTS,
$7600 AND UPWARD.
$5250 only; Post st. residence; north side, near
Franklin; 2fix137:6 Rnd good 2-story 10-room
house; mortgage $8500 cun remain at 61* per
cent.
Sacramento st.; large residence lot and small
house; near Octavla; 55x137:6: $13.000.
McAllister St.; fine corner flats; rents $118; lot
37:6x100; this side Devlsadero; $17,000.
Octavia-st. residence; near California; 30x
137:fi; 10-room modern house; $10,000.
Webster st. : 5 houses; rents $100; 5 rooms and
bath In each; large lot; $13,500.
Northwest cor. Gough and Geary; 27:6x110 and
fine residence on corner; also 2-ptory fronting
Geary st.; reduced to $13,000; make offer.
Sunny corner residence, northwest cor. Web-
ster and i 'lay; 33x!'0; $10,010. >
Very fine residence and lot. north side Cali-
fornia, near Rurhanan; 27:6x137:6; the house is
a stylish and very solid one; rents $60; $8600.
Washington-st. residence; $0000: nearly new
2-story basement and attic, S rooms, basement,
etc.; fine home in a good neighborhood; bet.
Bcotl and Devisadero.
Post St.; 75x137:fi and fine 2-story cottage; fine
grounds; JfiOOO; make offer.
Northwest corner on California and Webster;
53xS0 and 3 2-story and planked basement
houses, In finest of order; rents $110; price
$16,000; always rented.
$12..*00--Rents $00; residence and flats: lot SeS
120 to rear street; Fell St., north side, bet. Bu-
chanan and Webster.
Sutter st.. near FlHmore: 3-story building;
rents $90 steadily; only $M,ooo.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS AND HOUSES
AND LOTS, $7000 AND UNDER.
Fulton-st. fiats; $6750; near Devlsadero; rents
$62 50; lot 27:6x137:6.
$7000— Cor. Clay and rsaker; 27:fix102 and 2-
story residence; in fine order.
Buchanan si., bet. Pine and California; 55
feet front and 2-story dwelling; good view;
$6000.
Cottage and lot 25x85; Buchanan St., bet.
Washington and Jackson; $5000.
Reduced to $5250; rents $4.",; California St.; 2
flats, 5 and 6 rooms each; bet. Baker and Lyon;
lot 25x137:6. '
$■'.500- Rents $45; flats, 6 and 7 rooms each:
cosi $4000 to build: Union St., in the business
portion, near 1-Jiguna.
Modern flats on Oak St., facing Park; lot 2."> x
100; rent for $47 f-0: very cheap at $4S00; Oak st.
accepted and bitumlnized.
$.'!2ort— Cottage and 2-story building and lot 30 x
60; rents $27; Beldeman st., near O'Farrell.
Reduced to $3250: rents $40; business property;
Point Lobos aye., near First aye.; 50x100; saloon
and grocery and rear houses.
6-room house and large lot, 50x125; Piedmont
St., In Flint Trart; $4000.
THOMAS MAGEK & SONS.
5 Montgomery st.
THE choicest lots in Richmond on the elevated
ground, sitely and- having th? marine views;
only 3 left; 25x105 each; ready for building;
all street work done; electric cars pass every
few minutes; Tenth aye., east side, close to
Clement st. : signs on the lots; those looking
for a choice location for a home will buy
these; Just the spot to build on; price only
jk:«i cash; nothing to equal them. W. J.
GUNN, 410 Montgomery st.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First avenue, and you wish to sell
them. Call on W. J. OI'NN. 410 Montgomery.
PARKER aye., 13«— S houses and lot 25x'.20.
$2000; terms to suit. Apply Owner, In rear.
CHOICE business property 85x115, on Mission
St., near Twenty-sixth. Inquire 2943 Mission.
s''xSo -TWO choice building lots cheap this
week; see owner. 1697 Folsoni st
■TORAOE.
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop..
• n Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE tt TAYLOR, packing and storage ot
furn. & H. H. goods 735 Mkt.. tel. Black 311.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Offlct. 401 Poit st.. cor. Powtll: tal. Main 5711
PROPOSALS.
BIDS wanted— Notice Is hereby given that
Eealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at its office, room 13, 320 Sansome st.
Ban Francisco, Cal., up to 10 o'clock a. m.',
SATURDAY, June 24. 1899. nnd opened im-
mediately thereafter In the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home. Napa County. Cal. (railroad sta-
tion Yountvllle), for six months commencing
July 1, 1599, and ending December 31, 1899
Schedules with information and instructions
for submitting bids will be furnished upon
application by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions of the sched-
ules, and no bid will be considered unless It
is In accordance with such schedules. Each
bidder must accompany his bid with a certi-
fied check ui-on some well-known and re-
eponsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent of the amount of his bid, payable to J.
C. Currier, trecsurer, conditioned that the
bidder will enter into a good and valid con-
tract upon notice of acceptance as required
by law. The board reserves the right to
reject any or all bids and to order any quan-
tity over or under the amount specified.
Address J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Califor
n!a, room 13. 320 Sansome st. San Francisco,
Cal. By order of the Board of Directors.
J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary.
PROPOSALS FOR FURNISHING SUPPLIES—
Notice is hereby given that the Board of Di-
rectors of the Industrial Home for Mechanical
Trades for the Adult Blind of the State of
California, will receive and open proposals
and let contracts for supplying the home for
three months, commencing July 1, 1899, and
ending September 30, 1899, with the following
articles:
1. Beef and mutton. 2. Groceries and pro-
visions 3. Eutter. 4. Coal. 5. Flour and
mlllstuffs. 6. Coffee, tea and chicory.
Bids will b? opened Friday, June 30. 1899, at
7:30 p. m.. at the home, corner Thirty-sixth
and Telegraph avenue. Oakland. Cal.
Blank forms with schedules of supplies re-
quired, with conditions, etc.. can be had upon
application to the superintendent, Jos. Sand-
ers, at the home.
The board reserves the right to reject any
and all bids.
Preference will be given to goods manu-
factured in California, prices and quality
considered.
All bidders for furnishing supplies are In-
vited to be present at the opening of the bids.
By order of the Board of Directors.
C.KO S. MERFDITIT. P-T-etary.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL,, offlce^and~residßnci7
1021 ft Market (I. bet. Sth and 7th.
CITY REAL ESTATB.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.
GROVE-ST. FLATS.
$10,000— Rents $1224 per annum: 3 modern flats
of 6 rooms and bath on Grove St.. and
4 flats on Birch aye.; always rented;
lot 22:11 by 120 feet; double frontage.
ELEGANT RESIDENCE.
$10,000— A few feet from Van Ness aye., on
California st. ; lot alone worth the
money; house 11 rooms and bath, must
be sold.
A NORTHWEST CORNER.
$7500— North of Market; lot 55x120 feet; 10-
-room house In fine condition; bank
mortgage $5500; 6Vs per cent; can be
purchased for $50 per month until paid.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS PROPERTY.
$6500— Reduced from $7000; cheapest property
ever offered on Pacific Heights; $5000
can remain on mortgage at 6>^ per cent:
60 feet frontage on Jackson st., near
Laguna: improvements; 2 cottages;
must be sold on account departure of
owner.
ALAMO SQUARE RESIDENCE.
$6500— Nice residence; 10 rooms, bath, bare-
ment; facing on Alamo Square; street
bitumlnlzed; make offer.
CLAY-ST. RESIDENCE.
$5250— North side Clay St., near Webster; 8
roonia and bath; light and sunny all
day.
TAYLOR-ST. FLATS.
$5000— Rents $576 per annum; 3 modern flats
in choice location; will trade for lots
in Western Addition.
FORECLOSURE SALE-MUST SELL.
$4250— Ami. unt of mortgage; will take any-
thing above mortgage; nice residence
of S rooms and bath; In the best part
of the Western Addition; on California
St.; lot 25x137:6.
DON'T FAIL TO SEE THIS.
FORCED SA_,E.
$3100 — House 6 rooms and bath and stable;
lot 30x75 feet; on O'Farrell St., near
Scott; expressmen and laundrymen see
this.
. MISSION COTTAGE.
$750— Cash balance remain op mortgage at
6Vfc per cent; nice cottage of 6 rooms
and bath In best residence district in
the Mission; street wot- all done; half
block from Valencia-st. cars; for cash—
5 per cent off— for cash.
CHEAP BUILDING LOT.
$2500— North side of Fell St., east of Devlsa-
dero; 25x137:6.
STONE ST.-SMALL INVESTMENT.
$1900— Two flats of i rooms each; rents $18;
lot 20x60.
MASONIC AYE., NEAR MeALLISTER
$780— Nice lot ready for building. $480; mort-
gage can remain; held by Hibernia;
lot 25x106:3.
BARGAIN.
$000— Cheapest lot in the city; 105 feet from
Mission-st. cars; street work all done;
lot 25x100.
IN. ALAMEDA.
$2500— Worth $3500, but the owner needs money
and will sell that elegant house of 8
rooms and bath, located in the choic-
est part of Alameda; lot 36x110; easy
terms.
We hold our regular auction sales
every two weeks. For further particu-
lars apply tfi
EASTON. ELDRIGE & CO..
638 Market st.
$13'.iO— COTTAGE of 4 rooms; lot 27^X100. 229
Diamond st., between lflth and 20th.
COLMKI KLAL fc.»'l'ATl£.
GRAND AUCTION— — SALE.
SATURDAY, JUNE 24, 1899,
At 2 o'clock p. m.
THE KERWIN PROPERTY— ORCHARDS.
HAYWARDS BUSINESS PROPERTY.
HAYWARDS SULPHUR SPRING.
The property comprises 55.33 acres of the finest
soil in Castro Valley; 65 acres are planted to
cherries, apricots, irrunes, currants and goose-
berries. The Improvements consist of a modern
house of 8 rooms, barn, well and windmill. To
be subdivided to suit.
The business property adjoins the Haywards
Hotel, and but one block from the center of
town,
The Sulphur Spring lot contains one acre. The
properties of the water are well-known, having
been of great value to invalids.
A free lunch will be served on the grounds.
Free busses will convey purchasers to prop-
erty.
For catalogue? and further particulars apply
to EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
Auctioneers.
63S Market St., San Francisco; Haywards Hotel,
Haywards.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts; 3150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres 'eft. For particulars of Immense crops
raised In dry season of 1897-9S address THE
COTATI CO., 302 California St., S. F.
FRUIT, p.i'Hir and strx-k farms.
W. D. HOLCOM & CO., 20 Montgomery et.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
1C pages. In wrapper, for mulling. $1 r»er vmr.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
NICE improved residence In Berkeley, with
beautifully laid out grounds, for small Im-
proved farm In bay counties; must have good
water facilities. Cox 4r,25. Call office.
MOMOY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alaraeda at lowest rates, without
removal, no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1022 Mission st.. above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6^j per cent on real estate. Jd
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate: mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOI.OAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
tlry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 846 Market st.: telephone Main 1644.
LOTS of money to loan on property in or near
Oakland at moderate rates; quickly arranged;
flat loan >ir Installment*. HUGH M. CAM-
ERON, Broker. 1058 Broadway, Oakland.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
planoa: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. IJO Powell »t.
LOANS made to salaried people: real and
chattel mortgages a specialty; any security.
THE REYNOLDS CO., 59 Third it.
MONEY loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser. HILL, room 44, Merchants' Ex-
change.
TO borrow money quick. J J. EVANS. Real
Estate and Loans. Mills bdg: notify; will call.
REAL estate, 6 per cent; 2d mortg., chattels,
etc. Harper & Kreiger. 312 Examiner building.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs. ;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission: private. LICK, 116 McAllister
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without indorser. TOUSLEY. 592 Parrott bldg.
AT Nevada Loan Office. 214 Grant aye. -Money
loaned on diamond*, jewelry and clothing.
STRAIGHT tip; go where you can save Inter-
est. Cut Rate Loan Office, 22 Mason st.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market.
A WEEK'S news for B cents— The Weekly Call,
lfi pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— OOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$90 UPWARD— SS cash, $5 monthly; build your
own home or we will build for you; stop pay-
ing rent; Oalindo Tract, the cream of Fruit-
vale property; adjoining East Oakland: view,
soil and climate, the streets graded and
macadamized; sewer and city water: near a
fine school and car lines: nice neighborhood;
up-to-date cottages. 5 and 1 rooms: a bar-
gain: call or .eend for circular. 455 Seventh
St.. Oakland; carriage free. H. Z. JONES,
Owner.
OAKLAND FIHNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladies in delicate health; large
grounds: private. MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Mh.
BERKELEY REAL, ESTATE.
THE biggest bargain yet; near the unlversitv;
7-room house: large lot; street work all done;
price $1600; easy terms. JOS. J. MASON,
Real Estate. Berkeley station.
BEFORE buying in Berkeley see our splendid
building sites in the scenic park; adjoins the
university grounds; you don't have to walk
8 or 10 blocks to and fro from college. O'G.
i MAY & CO.. 2123 Center St.. Berkeley.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
MAGUIRE & GALLAGHER— G. Ma-
grulre (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
Ing, 825-856 Market M.: tel. South 215.
ADVICE free; R. W. King, attorney at law,
sixth floor. Chronicle building: no advance
charges: estates, mortgages, damages, attach-
ments, bankruptcy, all cases; wills, contracts,
etc., drawn; moderate fees; call or write.
NO charge unless, successful; advice free; of-
fice open evenings from S to 9. HUGH C.
GRANT, room 604. Emma Spreckels building.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. S5O Market, cor. Stock:
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st- : opp. Mason.
MRS. CLARA FOLTZ^ attorney at law; pro-
bate and r'Jardlanship: Sth floor Crocker bldg.
L. S. CLARKE— Emma Spreckels building. 927
Market; consultation free: no fees In advance.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pases, sent to any address in the
. United States or Canada one year for Si.
postage paid.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Frederick E. Baume and Rnsetta L. Leavy.37-28
Nicola G. Pinnella and Palma Panella 2.-?3
Louis R. Mercado and Lnura C. Crittendpn.3l
W. R. Matthew and Glovannlna Geminlani.33-.3
Peter W. Gallagher and Helen O. Sheddy.. 24-22
Jacopo Taddencci and Alessandrina Quilici 31 2"
Edward I. Dunn and. Agnes M. Mulverln. .21-21
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
CRANE— In this city. May 31. 1899, to the wife
of D. B. Crane, a daughter. .
PERKINS— In this city. June 17. 1899. to the
wife of Charles N. Perkins, a daughter.
TAGGART— In this city. June 20, 1599, to the
wife of Arthur E. Taggart. a daughter
MARRIED.
HAYDEN-PATTRIDGK-In this city. June 17,
• IBSS by the Rev. Father Lane. John J. Hay-
den' and Audrey C. PaUridge. both of ban
Francisco.
HEINEBERG-HONIGSBERGER-In this city.
June 11. 1899, J. A. Helneberg and Belle
Honigsberger.
PLATE-TWAMLET-In this city. June 20.
1"<99, by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson. D.D.,
William George Plate and Annie Florence
Twamley, both of San Francisco.
YON BERGEN— PATTERSON— In this city.
June 19, 1899. by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson.
' D D.. Casper yon Bergen of San Francisco
and Katie Patterson of Portland. Or.
DIED.
Birkholm. Anna M. Muldowney. James
De Forrest. Harry L. Noonan. Daniel
Forsell. Annie M. Ogden. Maria
Gallagher. John Perkins (Infant)
Gallagher, Mary F. Prendergast. Rosie
Gillespie. William F. Pyykko. Isaac
Jones. Ann Schriefer. Christine
Klock, George W. Smith. Orrin G.
Loventhal, Ida R. Warnken. Herman
McNutt. Colin W. Young, Barker C.
BIRRHOLM— In Alameda. June 20. 1899, Anna
Maria, youngest and beloved .laughter of S.
G and Mary Birkholm. and sister of
Laura. Nellie. Egidia and Nelson Birkholm,
a native of San Francisco, axed 4 years 6
months and 24 days.
Services will be strictly private. Serv-
Ices will take place at 12 o'clock this day
(Wednesday), at late residence. 1724 Eagle
avenue. Interment Mountain View Cemetery,
Oakland.
DE FORREST— In this city, June 16, IS9O.
Harry L. de Forrest, a native of New York
City, aged 45 years.
FORSELL— In this city. June 20. 1599. Annie
Mathilda, Infant daughter of Gus and Hilda
Forsell. a native of San Francisco, aged 5
months and l c days.
GALLAGHER— In this city. June 19. 1899, John
beloved husband of Amelia Gallagher, and
father of John M.. Henry A. L.. Edward B.
and Grace B. Gallagher, a native of New
York, aged 71 years 3 months and 2 days.
IT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from 865% Har-
rison street, where services will be held. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
GALLAGHER— In this city, June 20, 1899, Mary
Frances, beloved daughter of Mrs. Mamie
and the late Henry Gallagher, grandchild of
Mr. and Mrs.* Michael Thornton, and niece of
Miss Fannie Gallagher, a native of San Fran-
• Cisco, aged 7 years and 7 months.
GILLESPIE— In Honolulu. May 17. 1899, Wil-
liam Francis, beloved son of Ellen and the
late Michael Gillesple, and brother of Mrs.
M. F. Murphy of Oregon City, Or., Mrs. Jo-
seph McCoy, Joseph Gillespie and Lillie and
Georgie Murray, a native of San Francisco,
aged 24 years.
IT?"Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767
Mission street.
JONES— In this city, June 19, 1899, Ann Jones,
beloved mother of David J.. William M. and
Arthur B. Jones. Mrs. Llbble Conklin. Mrs.
Dora Havens and Miss Theresa Jones, and
grandmother of Miss Blanche Callahan. a na-
tive of Wales, aged 68 years 9 months and 21
days. (Chico and Carbondale, Pa., papers
please copy.)
ItTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday). •at 10 o'clock, from her late
residence, 511 Golden Gate avenue. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
KLOCK— In this city, at his residence. 2807
Twenty-fourth street, George W.. beloved
husband of Addle E. Klock, a native of Ger-
many, aged 60 years 1 month and 24 days.
(C^Remalns at the funeral parlors of H. C.
Bunker & Co., 2666 Mission street. Mission
Masonic Temple.
LOVENTHAL— In this city. June 20. 1899, Ida
R.. beloved wife of M. F. Loventhal. a na-
tive of Kansas, aged 24 years and 10 months.
McNUTT— In the City and County Hospital,
June 20, 1899, Collin Wallace McNutt, a na-
tive of Pennsylvania, aged 71 years.
MULDOWNEY— In this city. June 20, 1899,
James Muldowney, a native of Ireland, aged
67 years.
NOONAN— In the City and County Hospital,
June 20, 1599. Daniel Noonan, a native of Ire-
land, aged 60 years.
OGDEN— In this city, June 2 , 1899, Maria, be-
loved wife of BenJ. F. figden. and mother of
Helena M. and George H. Ogden. a native of
Kansas, aged 55 years and 29 days.
IC7'Friends ar.ci acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of H. C. Bunker & Co.. 2666 Mission
street. Mission Masonic Temple.
PERKINS— In this city, June 17. 1899, infant
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Charles N. Per-
kins. <
PRENDERGAST— In this city, June 19, 1899,
Rosle, beloved daughter of P. 11. and Mary
Prendergast, and sister of Maud, Ruth and
Thomas Prendergast, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 13 years 11 months and 13 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock. from her
parents' residence. 1351 Howard street, thence
to St. Joseph's Church for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
PYYKKO— In this city. June 19. 1599, Isaac,
beloved husband of Mary Pyykko, and father
of Andrew G.. Mamie S.. Isaac A., Elma .1.
and Hilma Josephine Pyykko. a native of
Finland, aged 45 years and 3 months.
(r3"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from Union-square
Hall, 421 Post street, under the auspices of
Finn Brotherhood of San Francisco. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
A. O. U. 'W.— Harmony Lodge No. 9. A. O. U.
W. : Officers and members are requested to
assemble this day (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock,
at Union-square Hall, 421 Post street, to pay
the last tribute of respect to our deceased
brother, Isaac Pyykko.
JULIUS THIERBACH. M. W.
D. McSWEENET, Recorder.
SCHRIEFER— In this city, June 19, 1899. Chris-
tine M., dearly beloved wife of Diedrich H.
Schriefer. and mother of Dora and the lata
Henry and Carl Schriefer, a native of Neuen-
■walde, Germany, aged 53 years 3 months and
IS days. '
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 155 Natoma street. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city. June 20, 1899, Orrin G,
dearly beloved and only son of Frank C. and
Lulu Smith, and brother of Ethel Smith, a
native of San Francisco, afeed 1 year (5
months and 24 day?. .
WARNKEN— In this city, June 19. 1899, Herman
Warnken, a native of Germany, aged 42
years.
'~ (C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
! fully .Invited to attend the funeral this day
j {Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
YOUNG— In this city. June 20. 1?99. Barker
■ Curtis, beloved husband of Minnie Young,
and father of George 11. and Edwin C. Young
! and Mrs. G. W. Gilbert, a native of Maine.
I aged 66 years and 10 months.; (Auburn, Me.,
and Boston papers please copy.)
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
ful!/ invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from, his late
residence, 2721 Jackson street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn .Cemetery, by electric car from
Eighteenth and Guererro streets.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
i FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
| Telephone South SO.
McAVOY &. CO.. I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS, 1
1235 Market st., between CO.. 9th. I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS. 1
1235 Market St.. between Sth and 9th. 5
Telephone. _ South 247. |
1314
ELECTRICAL WIZARDS ARE IN SESSION
SECOND ANNUAL
CONVENTION
NOW ON.
•w- -r -tJTJI the plang-ent surf of the
I A / Pacific beatlnp In their ears,
WITH the " them of the won-
Pn^ifir hratinp in their ears,
reminding thorn of the won
\J \J derful potentialities of water
■*• ■* power in the generation of
< lectridty, the members of the
Pacific Coast. Electric Transmission As-
NOTABLE ELECTRICIANS EXCHANGE IDEAS.
n hold their second annual con
ventioi afternoon In the pal
lors of the Cliff House. Prominent elec
from all over the Pacific Coast
■ attendance for the purp< Be of
exchanging ide.-Ls in electrical transmis
sion. Papers w which
t:.!i<!-n1 discussion of principles
and methods, bringine; out th*> progress
■Miring the past year in the va
tf el rical energy.
At tiie conclusion of the afternoon
the mi mbers of the assi
went mi ye session ami ■
■ suing year. Prince A.
■usj,; \. ls elected president ; A.
<;. Lamson of Salt Lake, vie,-, president;
P. Low . s( en tary. and \\\ A.
Wh<-n the lat.ors of
were over, the electricians sat
down I iciation dinner set in
■ quet hall. I"■r -i few hours cur
■ : gth and conductivity
iried bj the flow of table Jocu
larity and ewlo^-st;,. speeches. The
evening v ...-. marked by more
CUBANS ARE NOT ABLE
TO GOVERN THEMSELVES
POSTAL INSPECTOR J. W. ER
WIN'S LECTURE.
A Brilliant Description of the Condi
tions, Life. Characteristics and
Pursuits of America's Ben
eficiaries.
Metropolitan Temple was packed to the i
floors last night by an audjence eag
H '■ ' the lectun on Havana by Postal
I :tor J. \\ . Krwin under the aus
■•'■ Golden Gate Council No. ?a,
Young Men's Institute. Mr. Krwin ' has
recently returned from the capital city
of Cuba, where he acted for the I'nite.d '
Government in reorganizing the
system of the island after its oc
cupation by .'•• The speaker
v ■ ' • : by tJi-.rge A. Stanley,
"who stated the objects of the institute
and its efforts to enlighten the peopl"
■through the medium of lectures given by
responsible and ■ nservative people. In
j>art Mr. Erwin .
"The Spaniards did everything in
their dctwi rd the work of the
Americans In renovating the land
which they wen obliged to leave after
war had its termination, and it
v.-.i - clearly a case of building mew
■ tnnanta left by
The host of
your summer
resort
w.ll suppiy you with
GhSrardelli's Cocoa
or Chocolate
-if you insist upon it. he will furnish
you the BEST if you will have
j no other.
They are home produced and
FRESHER than Eastern brands.
■ wisdom and cross-fire discus-
The convention wa? opened by Presi
dent W. F. Pierce, who Introduced Dr.
F. A. C. Perrine. The latter read a re
port on "Tests and Calculations for a
Forty-Mile Aluminum Wiro Transmis
sion Line." Dr. Perrine is at ti.
of the electrical engineering department
at Stanford University. His report was
technical in the extreme and provoked
a great deal of discussion on the rela
tive value of copper and aluminum as
conductive material. F. K. T. Lee told
what \ip knew of the properties of alum
inum wire. He controverted the idea
that the life of aluminum wire was lim
ited t.i six months. According- to his
figures, the ratio of the expenses of
aluminum and copper wire was as 16
to 21. Professor Corey of the Univer
sity of California was called on and he
declared that from actual experiments
it was proved that the conductivity and
tensile strength of aluminum wire was
greater at the Joints.
The next paper was read by John
Spanish rule a governmental fabric
which would reflect credit on the
American nation. There are possibi
lities for a grand form of govern
ment in the future of Cuba, and the
climatic conditions, although greatly
misunderstood by people who have
never visited the country, are con
ducive to health and industry. Under
the supervision of th^ Americans the
sanitary conditions havr- been bettered
and the death rate from disease nas
decreased ~w per cent in one year. The
unclean state of the island" was due
to the u.tter disregard which the
Spaniards had for any work of a
sanitary nature.
"When 1 first landed on the island I
thought the Cuban a lit person to gov
ern himself, but after a stay of three
daya I became convinced ( ,f my mis
take. It will take years of careful
tuition "and indulgence on the part of
the Americans before these people can
be taught the value of self-govern
ment. When they have acquired the
ability and learned that lesson, then
only will be the proper time for this
ijovrrnment to relinquish its hold on
the island."
Tin- lecturer told of the remarkable im
provement in the postal- service from the
old Spanish regime to American regula
tion, and touched upon the life, char
acteristics and pursuits of the natives.
His lecture was illustrated by stere
opticon views from photographs taken
by himself while in the service of the
Government. The evening's entertain
ment was concluded with the following
programme: Organ selection. Professor
Martinez; address, George A. Stanley;
vocal solo. .1. H. Desmond; recitation,
Thomas w. Hickey; vocal solo, Frank
Thompson: "America.' audience.
CHARGED WITH MURDER.
The Woman Mochel Struck Last Sat
urday Night Has Died of
Eer Injuries.
Th* woman known along the Barbary
Coast as Hose Bradford, who was Injured
by M. J. Mochel. a soldier, in the Campfire
saloon last Saturday night, died at her
residence, 20 Mary Btreet, yesterday after
noon. Th«* charge against Mochel was
changed from assault with a deadly
weapon to murder.
It has been learned that the woman's
. r<--:il nnmi is *' ■ ' ' " " - '
she was the wife of a waiter In a Mont
gomery-avenue, concert hall. Mochel met
the woman in the Campfire saloon on
Saturday night. They had a few drinks
together and then became quarrelsome.
Mochel finally struck the woman across
the chest with a bottle, knocking her
senseless. One of the barteuders took
the bottle from the murderous soldier's
hands and broke It across ins tieaa. i n<;
Injured woman wan taken to the Harbor
Receiving Hospital, where it was found
, that she was also bleeding from a wound
, across the face and neck, which could not
' have been inflicted with the bottle. The
supposition is that a knife was used on
; her. When Mrs. Bradford regained enn
' Bciousness she said that the soldier had
1 used no knife, but had simply struck her
with the bottle. Dr. Fitzgibbon. who at
-1 tended her, says that it is unreasonable
1 to BUppose that the wound was inflicted
with :i bottle alone, and dings to the knife
I theory. It is probable that Mochel stabbed
, the woman after she had been rendered
j unconscious by the blow from the bottle.
The victim was about 2S years of age
and well known along the coast. Her
assailant is a private in Company E of
1 the Eighteenth Infantry-
The Scavenger Cases.
In the manor pf the contempt proceed
ings 1n the I'nfted States Circuit Court
against Behrend Joost and a large number
of scavengers for failing to obey an in
junction on behalf of the Sanitary Re
duction Works of San Francisco Judge
Morrow yesterday dismissed the case
against Mr. Joost and continued the cases
of the others.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 21. 1899.
PROBLEMS OF TRANSMISSION ARE
DISCUSSED.
Martin, president rvf the Tuba County
Power Company. Ills suhjeot was more
of the popular order and less technical.
His subject was "Electric Lighting vs.
Gas." He said:
"Low rates are always conducive to
largely increased consumption and a
larger output insures reduced cost of
production. A number of electric light
ing companies have been a^ked whether
electric lighting was cheaper than gas
and the genera! response was in favor
fif electricity. The improvements in the
electric service ar<* so marked and rapid
that there is little hope left for the gas
plant as a very profitable competitive
illuminant unless working' arrangements
are made with the opposing company."
THE TIVOLI SHOWS NEW
LIFE IN AN OLD PIECE
By Ash ton Stevens.
THE TlvoH seems to have waked up
to t! c tact that an old comic opera
of i Btablished merit is just as
worthy of cartful production as is
a new piece of unknown value. An
old piece is seldom good for more than
a week's run, and a new one may catch
the crowd and fill the house for a month;
and the producers' efforts are gauged ac
cordingly. This may sound very busi
nesslike and proper, but it is not good
policy. A house like the Tivoli depends
on its regular rather than on its casual
patrons. It is the week in and week out
Tlvolite that has made the little opera
house around the corner a possibility
these last twenty years; and the regular
patron, like the "old .subscriber," doesn't
like to be ignored. The Tivoli became a
habit to him through painstaking per
formances of standard comic operas; he
may nut mind the annual invasion by
grand opera, the frequent lapses into
spectacular vaudeville, but when the old
fashloned gems are given he wants them
Berved up with sunn- decent show of en
thusiasm and appreciation. When you
hear somebody ask. "What's going on in
tlie Tivoli?" and somebody answers, "Oh,
nothing; they are rilling in a week with
the 'Mascot, " it shows that somebody
Is wrong in the scheme of that play
house. There are life and ginger yet in
lots of the old master pieces ll only the
performers will go at them in the riglu
way, and in a well regulated stock or
ganization there is no excuse for a pre
medltated "off week."
This is suggested by "The Brigands,"
which 1 attended last night without much
hope and found to be a good, honest per
formance, in which everybody, from ttiH
stage manager to the calcium smearer, did
notnlng less than the best of which he is
capable. Individual faults there were in
number a (and Individual success, too), but
the right Intention was there and the fine
i td Offenbach was given for all the com
pany could get "in of It. As the ancient
brigand Pietro, Edwin Stevens presented
a telling bll of unobtrusive ;*rt. The part
Is not prodigious, in fact its opportunities
are few, bui it holds out a chance Cor
character, and Mr. Steven? did all that
w is to be done with it— and not a mite
more William Pruette was a sturdy pic
re as the bandit ehiof, and, of course,
■ sang the j>;.n with generous note. 1
.>■ seen it acted with more daredevil
nent, hut for his weight and tomppra
ment Mr. Pruette was sufficiency spry.
A'i his characteristically trustful deliv
ery of the spoken lines was not without
Comic f!;iv.>r. The faithful Mr. Schustt r
was admirably to the front as the Count
and Charles \v. Swain in an intense make
up was successfully huffoonish as the
captain of the carbineers. Frank Coffin
Bang delightfully and acted as badly as
only he can in the. part of the noble Duki.
The Tlvoladles, who are many in this
part, contributed their best and prettiest.
POINT LOROS CLUB MEETS.
A Rival Organization Receives a
Scorching.
In the absence of President CJeorge R.
I Fletcher, Vioe President Charles R. Han
i ren presided at a meeting of the Point
i Lobos Improvement dub last night. It
being the regular election night for officers
of the club, that portion of the programme
was continued until the first Tuesday in
July.
A communication was received from the
Merchants' Association to the effect that
It had recommended to the Supervisors
the building of a twelve-class grammar
school on the school lot on Seventh ave
nue, between Clement and California
streets; the placing of twenty-five arc
lights at such places as may be found
Prince Poniatowski Elected
President of the
Association.
Continuing, Mr. Martin advocated flat
rates for consumers, but to this there
was a general opposition on the part of
the other electricians, who seemed
unanimous on the meter adjustment for
the amount consumed.
The meeting will continue this morning
at 10 o'clock. The representatives who
are in attendance at the convention are
W. F. Pierce of the Blue Lakes Water
<"ompany: Dr. C. 11. Van Nnrdf-n, presi
dent of tho Nevada County Klectrical
Power Company; John Martin of the
Nevada County Electrical Power Com
pany, c. N. Beal of the Bakersneld
Power I 'eveloping Company, C. P. Gil
bert and Prince Poniatowskl of the
Standard Electrical Company of Cali
fornia, E. W. Sutliffe of the Butte Coun
ty Electrical Company; R. S. Masson,as
sistant engineer of the Independent Elec
tric Light and Power Company; R. M.
Jones of the Salt Lake City Water and
Electrical Power Company, I* D. Hitz
rotfl of the San Francisco Gas and Elec
tric Company, John W. Gardner of the
Kern River Electric Power Company, F.
F. Barbour of the General Electric. Com
pany, E. C. Sharpe of John Roebling's
Sons & Co. of San Francisco, \\ . S.
i lager of the Wrstinghouse Electric
Company, F. E. T. Lee of the Stanley
Electric Manufacturing Company, Pro
fessor C. 1.. Corey of the University of
<"alifornia. Dr. K. A. C. Perrine of titan
ford, T. S. Bullock of the Standard
Electric Company, F. A. Hicks of the
Bakersfield Gas and Electric Company
and George P. Low of the Journal of
Electricity.
necessary throughout the section; also
that the proposed panhandle extending
from Golden Gate Park to tho Presidio
between Thirteenth and Fourteenth ave
nups. be provided for.
Much Joy was manifested over the open-
Ing of a driveway fiom First avenue into
the park. This new roadway gives to the
■wheelmen of the city a mile run between
the park and the Presidio over First ave
nue, which is now one of the most pleas
ant roadways in the city, and since the
cut has been made is patronized by the
wheelmen, who used to cross the bay in
search of good roads.
A resolution of a lively character was
submitted by the executive committee
dealing with the Richmond Improvement
Club. The present trouble grew out of a
correspondence between the Richmond
Club and the Merchants' Association, in
which there were some shnrp expressions
used. not. however, of a pleasant nature
The resolutions submitted last night chal
lenge the rival Hub to show Its member
shin exclusive of two— Charles H Tluhhs
and E. P. E. Troy, and concludes with
a history of the Point T^obos Improvement
Club, which is the pioneer improvement
club n* the city, having been organized in
1 883*
AID SOCIETY REPORTS.
Treasurer and Superintendent Send
In Their Annual Statements.
Superintendent J. W. Ellsworth and
Treasurer D. C. Bates of the Boys' and
Girls' Aid Society have prepared their re
ports for the year endtnp June 1, ISM.
They are as follows:
TREASURER I^ REPORT— RECEIPTS.
Receipts and donations, $372175; legacies
$W«!) 00: State aid. $2869 66: counties, under sec
tion 13SS of Civil Code. $4675: Interest, $995 98:
hoard of children, $1071: all other sources,
$206 38. Cross receipts, $23,20S SB.
rHPrUTISEMEXTP.
Food, $354* S6: fuel, gas and water. $1195 63;
salaries and wages. $5856 65; repairs and im
i provements, $22*6 19; clothing, $Sll 06; expense
of school, JGI4 34: furniture, crockery, etc..
$403 34; taxes. $42S X; insurance, $212: ail oiher
expenses. $]. >74 23. Gross expenses, $17,226 88.
The 'following board of trustees was elected:
Oeorge C. . Perkins. Charles H. Allen. A. A.
"Watkins, S. C. Bleelow, Charles A. Murdock.
D. C. Bates, Louis F. Monteagle. L.. H. Bone-
Btell, J. W. worth.
SUPERINTENDENTS REPORT.
Children in home June 1, 1898, 61; admitted
during the year IS9". 99; from courts informally
' anil from . th? societies for the prevention of
I cruelty to children, 6"; by legal commitment
from Sun I lanclsco and other counties, IS4:
recalled or returned from homes provided, 6;
from other Institutions. 2; brought for disci
pline, 38; throußh poverty. 10; from hail homes,
1; came voluntarily, 1: through death of par
ents, 2. Total, 310.
DISPOSED OF.
To homes and employment, 44: to relations
and friends, 173: discharged, 10; enlisted in
United States navy, 1: to private Institutions,
1: remaining May 31, 1899 (boys 69, girls 12), 81.
Total, 310.
Officers Elected.
Leo Asspmhly. Y. IS. C. U., hn<! elected the
following officers for the ensuing term: Thomas
llaguire. president: J, .1. I,ynch ami J. J.
P< rd<*n. viro prr-sidr-nts; J. F. Rums, recording
secretary: I>. F. Ahem, financial serrPtary:
V. K. McCarthy, trpiisurpr; a. F. Cnlverwell
marshcl: W. C. Billingrtnn, T. ,T. Hi^gin.* M
Lynrh, C. MpaKh'-r. .Tospph Ryan, .1. P. r.m
nihan rind V. Bronnan, trustr^K: P. J. Cowan,
M.D., mpfllral pxaniinpr. These officers will he
Installed July f,. Thf. assfmhly also chose \A'.
C BlUlngton, .1. J. Rh^an. .1. J. Lynch. D. F.
Ahearn, J. K. Martin and I. Tamoney as Its
delegates to the Grand Assembly.
Committee on Organization.
The following have been appointed a
committee on permanent organization by
1... A. Rea, temporary chairman of the
North End Improvement Club: Mark J.
Fontana. Henry Staude, Dr. Charles D.
Zelle. Samuel Strauss and H. J. Ferazzi.
Its report will be received at the general
meeting of the club to be held on Friday
evening next.
MAY REVIVE
THE HORSE SHOW
THIS WINTER
To Merge It With
Burlingame Show.
MANY FAVOR THE PROJECT
PONIATOWSKI TROPHY AWAK
ENS INTEREST IN GOLF.
Ladies Representing San Francisco,
Oakland, San Rafael and Bur
lingame Clubs Will Enter
the Competition.
The Horsß Show, most brilliant and
fashionable of functions, which has been
allowed to lapse in recent years, may be
revived a pain in November. The marked
success of the outdoor show at Bur
lingame last autumn created a decided
sentiment in favor of its being repeated
this year. There are so many things en
grossing the attention of the Burlingame
Club men that the outdoor show may not
be held. The Independence day holidays
will be crowded with all manner of out
door sports.
These will be hardly a memory before
they will be repeated at Del Monte under
the patronage of the Pacific Coast Pony
and Steeplechase Racing Association. The
programme will be an ambitious one, in
cluding polo, for which Riverside will be
Invited to send a team; pony racing,
pigeon shooting and golf. The meeting
will close August 26. This carries the sea-
Bon on so far as to make it impracticable
to hold the open air show, hence the de
sire to carry it into November and incor
porate it with a big show. There is some
$7000 on hand with which to promote the
show and efforts arc being made to in
duce Henry J. Crocker, president of the
Horse Show Association, to say the word
which would put the machinery for an
exhibition in motion.
The outing of the Pony and Steeplechase
Racing Association at Monterey will ho
brought to a close with a day's racing.
Frank J. Carolan is secretary of the asso
ciation and will receive all entries. The
programme follows:
Three-quarters of a mile; purse, (60;
second to receive $25— For polo ponies; 170
pounds. One mile; purse, $75; second to
receive $25— Open to all horses, maidens;
150 pounds. One mile and a quarter; hur
dle; purse. $75; second to receive $25— For
ponies; 155 pounds. Five-eighths of a
mile; purse, $75; second to receive $25— for
ponies; 14.2; 165 pounds. One-half mile;
purse, $50: second to receive $25 — For
polo ponies; 175 pounds. Del . Monte
Cup; one mile — For ponies; 16"> pounds.
San Mateo Hunt Club Cup; two
and a half miles: steeplechase course—
Open to all; to carry 180 pounds. Match
race, under special conditions; three
fourths ot a mile; purse. $1000— Mr. Mar
tin's Unknown and Mr. Fithian's Finesse.
The committee of BurlitiKame Country
Club, to which has been entrusted the ar
rangements for the golf tournament at
Burlingame July 3. has practically com
pleted its arrangements. The ladies rep
resenting all the clubs in tho metropolitan
district have been invited to attend and
compete for the magniflicent trophy of
fered by Prince Poniatowski. The links
are in the best possible condition and the
surrounding country is seen at its best.
MR. THOMAS EXPLAINS
HIS OFFICIAL ACTS
ACTUATED ONLY BY A SENSE OF
JUSTICE.
Question of Veracity Between Louis
Loupe and Miss Connell as to
the Salary Paid Her by
Himself.
Burt Thomas, Special Agent of Internal
I Revenue, was cross-examined at consid
erable length yesterday by Gavin McNab
of counsel for Weltmrn, the ex-Collector.
i now on trial in the United States District
' Court on charges of embezzlement. He
i admitted having broken open Mr. Wel
burn's desk after Welburn left the office
and having examined his papers, public
I and private, for evidence; also that he
had remarked to Deputy Loupe that some
of the letters would not bear the light of
day.
Mr. McNab asked: "Was it at your sug
: gestion after Dillard had informed you
that he had forged the name of Welburn
to 'these documents which have been in
j troduced in evidence that his salary was
raised from $!k)0 to $1200 per annum?"
Mr. Thomas replied that the increase of
'■ salary of Dillard had not been made at
his suggestion; nor had the dismissal of
Zemansky and Lennon been made at his
I recommendation.
"Did you make a recommendation for
the removal of Dillard for forgery."
i asked McNab.
"I did not." replied Thomas, "because I
| have no proof that he committed forgery.
! The signing of Welburn's name by Diilard
was done at the instigation of Welburn."
"You have no Interest then in the wel
fare of Dillard and Loupe?" was asked.
"If I thought that they were guilty I
I would be here prosecuting them to-day."
was th<: answer of the witness.
In response to a question as to whether
his Investigations had been molded by
• Dillard the witness replied that such was
! not • the fact. He had merely done his
: duty without bias or prejudice.
Mrs. H. E. E>riscoll, sister of Miss M.
McCarthy, testilied that Miss McCarthy
died at the witness" home on December 1,
1895. This was to prove that the warrant
1 for Miss McCarthy's services for the
i month of December of that year was
fraudulent and that the money collected
was embezzled by the defendant.
Miss M. E. Connell, stenographer in
Welburn's office for a few months, testi
fied that she had been employed by Louis
Loupe at the rate of $-)0 per month and
i had been paid by him in coin at that rate.
| The vouchers were signed by her in blank
i and she • 1 i cT- not receive, nor had she ex
pected, the larger amounts named in the
vouchers.
Mr. Loupe was recalled and said that
he could not remember whether he paid
I Miss Connell. If he did pay hor, he
! added he got the money from AVelburn
and he gave her all that he had received,
but lie had no recollection of the transac
tions.
The trial will bo resumed this morning.
THE MEDAL FUND.
Over Five Hundred Dollars Was Sub-
scribed by Friends Yesterday.
The California Volunteers medal fund
was increased to (2942 .',' i as shown by the
subscription list in the hands of Secretary
Frank B. Ryan last evening. Yesterday'B
addition to the fund amounted to $550,
which was very gratifying to those who
have In charge the project of giving to
the brave soldiers now fighting for the
Hag in the Philippines some token of pub
lic appreciation upon their return. Mr.
Ryan's financial statement up to last
evening was ;is follows:
Subscriptions previously acknowledged.
$23:<2 50; Frank J. Sullivan. $50; Chevalier
de St. Hubert, $5: Mrs. Eleanor Martin,
$100: Roos Bros., $20: Raphael's (Incorpor
ate -d i. $50; Dr. de Vecchi, $5: insurance
companies to date. $■(■"; Brewers' Protec
tive Association. $2fpO; Studebaker Bros.
Manufacturing Company, $10: Parafflne
Paint Company. $5; Payot, I'pham & Co.
$10; total. $2042 50.
The Pennsylvania Libeled.
James Kapan tiled a libel in the. United
States District Court yesterday apainst
the Government transport Pennsylvania
to recover $325, alleged to be due him for
wapes as firemnn from San Francisco to
Manila and return.
f'nme feelings of joy to my heart,
Come peace and content unaJloy'd,
I've reached the highest In art.
On my bath I've used "Pegamoid."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SPECIAL
VALUES
COLORED
DRESS
GOODS!
44-Inch FRENCH TWILLED
$1 00 V J CHEVIOT, very heavy twill,
i* i?irfi ail new shades such as
* lulu ■ grays, tans, browns and
purple mixtures.
$1 00 V J 44 " inch FRENCH WHIPCORD
I mM SUITING in new summer
* IUIU. colorings.
50-inch IRONSIDES SERGE, In
*7 HZ? s^ Vrirrl greens, navys, garnet,
/ +%C \A\ browns, tans, grays, pur-
IUIUi pie, army> cardinal and
cadet.
» , | ! 50-inch GRANITE CLOTH, all
/ Yq rH solid colors and fancy
1 t/V I fll lli weaves, full variety of the
latest colorings.
5 i/l 44 " inch GENUINE FRENCH
1.1 /> iCirfl BEIGE, new mixed effects,
v/^^ lullli so much used or outing
suits.
-I . 50 pieces 38-inch FANCY
VifZ^ YCJrfl WOOL CHEVIOTS ' cnecks «
I dill ■ ] figures and plaids, all dark
and medium colorings.
HI, 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
VOLUNTARILY RAISED
HIS OWN ASSESSMENT
ONE CAPITALIST DID NOT WAIT
FOR THE ASSESSOR TO ACT.
Received a Hint of What Was Com
ing and Jumped His Property
From $100 to
$25,000.
Those men -who have been in the habit
of shirking their responsibilities to the
city and State in the past by concealing
their personal property and paying nomi
nal taxes are not escaping so easily this
year. Assessor Dodge and his deputies
have been going over the assessment rolls
and sworn statements with exceeding
care and have found many Instances
where sworn statements have been tiled
giving the value of the personal property
of attiant as $50, $T."> or $luu when the per
son making the statement was known t»
be worth many thousands of dollars. In
these cases the Assessor will make an
arbitrary assessment and there is no es
, ape from the payment of whatever tax
he sees lit to levy on these shirk* rs.
A few days ago a case was found where
a certain capitalist had his bookkeeper
make out a statement for him, setting
forth his personal property as $1.00 in
value, although lie was known to be
worth a large sum. The local papers pub
lished the fact, but without giving the
capitalist's name, together with th<- state
ment that the Assessor was preparing to
make an arbitrary assessment of ins
property. Assessor Dodge, however, did
ii,»t have an opportunity to make his ar
bitrary assessment, for yesterday the
capitalist, without any further notifica
tion than the indefinite reference to him
in the papers, appeared at the Assessor s
office M'th a statement made out by him
self and the total amount of his personal
property was placed at $2. r >.ooo. He paid
his taxes, too, on that amount.
And there are others of similar nature
who are voluntarily coming forward and
acknowledging the ownership of large
property when a few weeks ago they
classed themselves as paupers.
FOR KILLING OF SEALS.
Oil Hunters in Possession of the
Point Arena Rookeries.
Deputy Fish Commissioner Al Wilson
and his assistant, Mr. Greene, the expe
rienced seal hunter, have returned from
the rookeries at Point Arena, where they
went tv kill sea lions during the breeding
season. The rookeries are located upon a
.small island a short distance from the
mainland, and it was believed that at this
place many of the salmon killers cou-ld be
easily destroyed. Upon reaching the place
the representatives of the commission
found that the island was inhabited by a
party of sojil hunters, who are killing "the
beasts for their oH. The hunters at the
present time are killing only the big bulls
of the herds, as these are the fellows that
carry the oil.
On learning the mission of the commis
sion's hunters they begged that the new
arrivals would not begin operations. ;i< it
would interfere with their enterprise. The
sealers promised that as soon as they bad
finished killing the bulls and the season's
work was over they would turn their at
tention to the cows of the herd and kill
as many as they could. This was satis
factory to the deputies and they camo
away. Mr. Wilson states that the herd
is not as large as it used to be on ac
count Of th- indiscriminate shooting by
parties from the mainland driving the !•'-.'
beasts away. Where formerly there were
several thousand there are not over 900 or
]0f)0 regularly going to the rocks. H is
believed that the others have sought in >ro
comfortable quarters on the rookeries to
the south.
WINE MEN TO EXHIBIT.
California's Finest to Be Sent to the
Philadelphia Fair.
Them is to be air important meeting of
the large wine producers and, dealers of
California in the office of the Manufac
turers' and Producers' Association at 3:30
p. m. to-day for the purpose of discussing
the best way of makinp a tine exhibit of
California wines and liquors at the coming
international exposition to be held in Phil
adelphia next fall. J. M. Stauffer, the com
, mlssioner representing the exposition, and
E. Goodwin of the association named have
been at work among the wine men oi the
city and State to get them to eontributs
to the project. Ail stem desirous of so
doing, but it has been decided that .-some
sort of concerted action on their part is
necessary. It will be remembered that at
the present time there are three exposi
tions on the carpet, at Philadelphia, Buf
falo and Paris.
To make exhibits at all three would ho
too great an undertaking for any indi
vidual or firm, hence the proposition of
the wine men to meet with a view cf
making a collective exhibit of the best
goods in their line that the State can pro
duce. Speaking of the movement, Mr.
Goodwin says:
"A canvass of the principal handlers
and dealers in California wines in San
Francisco in regard to an exhibit of this
product at the National Export Exposi
tion at Philadelphia in September next re
veals the fact that a majority of them are
interested in the project and are desirous
of exhibiting their wines at that time, but
quite a number do not see their way clear
tn assume the expense necessary for an
individual exhibit. After consideration of
the situation we believe that the best
means for making an exhibit of California
wines would be through the joint action
of the. principal dealers."
THE LANDSMANN MURDER.
Preliminary Examination of True
worthy. Monaghan and Bush
Commenced.
Thf» preliminary examination of Genres
F. Trueworthy on the charge of murder
ing John Landsmann on Sunday night.
June 11, and James Monaghan and Frank
Bush, charged with being accessories, wa3
commenced before Jud^e Conlan yester
day. Bach of th<^ defeTdants had an at
torney to look after hia Interests.
The witnesses examined were J. Ballet
ta. John T. Brodigan. William Sampson,
Maria Tosclaninl, Ella Cortello and A.
Mars, and their testimony was practically
the same as given at the Coroner's in
quest. The examination will be continued
this morning.
The hit of the season— our $2<i tailor
suits. Loewenthal's. 914 Market street. *
MISCELLANEOUS.
Two Weeks PL |
. Free iMs
Treatment and Medicine S^T
FOR S^^A.'
CATARRH (Of.
DEAFNESS Eyjjgt
NOISES IN THE EARS AND THROAT DlS-
r;i.s< Riven to show the superior merit of my
new invention and ANTISEPTIC treatment;
that gives many marvelous cures and so easy
a child can use it. In 1200 test cases all
CATAKRHAL patients relieved and SO per cent
Deafness cured. Host of references and hun-
dreds of indorsements. Hut th« best is to try
it and be convinced while you can. FREE
FOR TWO WEEKS.
Call at once, or wrltr.
DR. COTTINGHAM,
632 Market Si.. , T r Palace Hotel.
Hours— 9-11 A. M., l^s n»nl 7-S P. M.
i . vtuWArißiiiHViiWuf 11^-.
I PAINLESS DENTISTRY. %
\\. 'a/ / PLATES.. S4. OO up 2r*
iS v^y^t^Z^^ "LUNGS .250 up Sc
\ *t5 __?y?"^*\-^j- CROWNS. $3. 50 up J2^
Ic^ ■~J t^S, << S''^fe*~**^ 611 guar- jj^
*^\si £xr§?\!~~i, se ars w lth each JJ^
j *j5 jl'/l l)v P»inless Extraction S^*
'tJp I feA • U Uy electricity our mm^
|^5 Open EvenlnßS and Sundays. JJ^
3 •v.AJsr VROOM It
I 3JJ ELECTRO-DENTAL PARLORS, JC!
\ "^997 MARKET, COR. SIXTH. ]£>