VOLUME LXXXYI-NO. I*2l.
DEWEY CELEBRATIONS CAUSE A MILLION
VISITORS TO INVADE NEW YORK:
Distinguished
Officers of the
Army, Navy
and State Call
Upon the Ad
miral.
NEW YORK. Sept 29.— At 2
o'clock this (Friday) morning the
sky is . • and there
is less wind Than o n yesterday
afternoon. The signal s srvice
ta showers this evening
and to-night and fair.
weather to-morrow, with brisk
winds. Th this after
noon •■■ heavy or long
led and will not Interfere
with the naval par I
Nr.W YORK. Sept. New York
was decked brilliantly to-day In
honor of the gallant sailor who
is waiting at her gate. Had an
ocean of color swept through the
•city. its ebbing tide could not have
Ftained the streets more brilliantly.
Hundreds of miles of red, white and
Tiluo bunting cover the noble facades of
Broadway and Fifth avenue, and a mil
lion flags flutter over the town. Not
•oven the churches have escaped the
"\miversal decorations. The doors and
. Gothic windows of old Trinity, on
lower Broad'-vay, are gracefully draped
■with the national colors, and in ancient
: 'Trinity graveyard the tomb of that gal
lant sailor who. dying, issued the com
mand not to give up the ship, lies
shrouded In the silken folds of the flag
for which he died.
A million visitors are here to partici
pate in the glorious celebration. Every
■road is pouring in a steady stream un
til the streets are crowded morning and
right, the surface and elevated cars are
filled to overflowing and the hotel corri
dors are jammed with viators. The
gayly appareled soldiers of many
States, who are to take part in the land
. Tirade on Saturday, began trooping in
to-day, and there was no hour when
uniformed men were not moving in
some quarter of the city to the sound
of fife and drum and horns.
Sailors and marines ashore from the
-Mg tlfibttng- machines helped to swell
the- crowd trooping In all directions.
Uniformed members of the staff of ar
riving Governors were everywhere.
The arrangements for the two days' cele
bration are completed. The great arch
nt Madison square, modeled after the
triumphal arch of Titus and upon which
the most famous sculptors of America
have lavished their genius, is practi
cally finished and stands a suberp trib
ute to the nation's hero. It is more
beautiful than the arch in Rome.
. To-day the flotilla lay quietly at an
chor off Tompkinsvillo, a towering
of naval might and power to
f thousands who sailed down
In tugs, yachts and steamers to pee tho
ships. The crush to get aboard the
Olympia never abated for a minute and
£p great indulgence was Bhown I'
ir.iral Dewey a goodly portion of those
who besieged the gangways got
aboard. At time? the ship was fairly
run. These crowds and the official
B the admiral received scarcely
gave him and his officers time to
breathe. The Jackles to-day got the
lls which Congress voted them and
•hem to the visitors
.' (tries, the pugilist, came aboard.
Jack loves a fighter, and while the big
Klugger was aboard the tars were ob
livious to all else.
Owing to the stream of official visitors
the roar of salutes continued almost
without interruption all day. Major
ral Nelson a. Miles.' at the head
of the Washington committee, called to
Bubmit the programme for the recep
tion at the national capital, and Major
General Merritt and his staff, stiff with
gold braid, ca.'i.e over from Governors
Island to officially welcome Admiral
Dewey in the name of the army. They
were received with all the honors be
fitting their rank, but the climax was
: ached until Governor Roosevelt
v York came down the bay In the
.oon on the yacht Wild Duck. H
a.is accompanied by General Francis
V. Greene, some officers of the New
York naval militia and several of
v's captains at Manila, including
; ln Dyer of the Baltimore, Captain
FUND FOR THE
HOME GROWS
WASHINGTON, Sept. 28.--The
■ fund fir the Dewey residence
■\], rapidly to-day and
- promises to exceed $50,000 b*
■ th< ire < losed « Ithin a few
amount early to-day
000. The number of
► contributions exceed 40,000, rep
- resenting an average of a little
- over $1. There have been many
- largo contribution*, but thou
► Bands of people have given their
► mit«*s In honor of the Manila
<• hero. There have been numer
ous contributions '.f 1, 2 and 3
► cents, and thousands of dime*.
■ Many newspapers throughout
• the country have sent in most
- of the smaller contributions. The
■ committee In chur^r of the fund
• has the personal assurance of
- Dewey, brought by Assistant
■ Secretary of the Navy Allen from
► New Fork yesterday, that this
- spontaneous act of popular
. recognition will be acceptable to
- him.
The San Francisco Call
Wood of the Petrel, Captain WiMe of
the Boston and Captain Walker of the
Concord. When they got aboard Ad
miral Dewey took them over the ship
and the sight of the fighting captains
set the tars mad with delight. Nothing
could restrain their enthusiasm and
round after round of cheers greeted the
appearance of these officers. Governor
Roosevelt was Assistant Secretary of
the Navy when Dewey was sent to the
command of the Asiatic squadron and
General Greene, who served in the
Philippines, is a personal friend of the
admiral of many yrars' standing. The
sight of the captains who were with
him during th.- stress "f that hot day
in Manila was good for th.' admiral's
eyes, so that altogether Dewey seemed
to enjoy this om<ial visit more than
any he has received. The local munici
pal authorities are somewhai piqued
because Governor Roosevelt extended
thr< formal welcome of the Siate to the
admiral before the Mayor had an op
portunity to offer his official greeting
on behalf of the city. This ceremony
will occur to-morrow.
While much powder was flung into
smoke down the bay to-day much more
will be burned to-morrow during the
groat naval pageant up the Hudson
River. The marine parade, unless it is
marred by bad w^ath^r. which th« lo
cal forecaster unfortunately predicts!
is expected to eclipse all previous water
pageants on this Hide of the world. Th.
parade will move at 1 o'clock in four
divisions. First will come th" warships,
headed by the Olympia and Hanked on
either side by the torpedo-boats. They
will be followed by a fleet of white rev
enue cutters. Following them will be
the steam yachts in double column, led
by the Corsair, the flagship of the New-
York Yacht *'lub. To Sir Thomas Lip
ton's Kir in has been accorded the honor
of heading the starboard column of this
division. There will be 187 yachts in
line. The third division will consist of
the merchant marine steamers and an
Indiscriminate fleet of tugs, barges and
unattached vessels will bring up the
rear. It is expected that the line will
be nine miles long and that half a mil
lion people will be afloat. The parade
with the Olympia in the van will move
up the North River to the stakeboat St.
Marys, an old practice ship of the navy,
which Is moored opposite the Grant
mausoleum in Riverside Park. After
rounding the stakeboat the Olympia
will come to anchor below two beauti
ful floats representing "Peace" and
"Victory," and *»ach warship In its turn
will drop in below the flagship. The
national salute of twenty-one guns will
1..- iired in honor of the hero of Appo
mattox. The torpedo-boats and the rev
enue cutters will anchor opposite the
line of warships under the bluff, and
between these two lines the civic part
of the parade will pass in review.
Rear Admiral Howison gracefully
yielded the precedence to Rear Admiral
Sampson in the matter of ships divi
sion. The commander of the South At
lantic station will simply be present as
a spectator and will bring up the end of
the line with the Chicago. Hear Ad
*
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1899.
George Dewey at Different Stages of His Life and the Ships He
. Has Served On.
miral Sampson will follow the Olympia
in the Now York, but will fly the red
flag, while Howison flies the blue.
To-morrow night the grandest illu
mination and fireworks display in ' ■
history of the city will occur. To-night
there was a preliminary illumination
of rare beauty. All the buildings on
tho water front were lighted up. On
the Brooklyn bridge in letters of living
fire, thirty feet high, flashed the words
"Welcome Dewey," while simultaneous
ly from the shore of the East and North
rivers, Staten and Governors islands
red fire glowed and sputtered, sending
up fantastic smoke, turning the color of
the water Into a sea of lurid flame and
transforming the craft in the harbor
into red specters.
FARRAGUT'S
FLAG PRESENTED
TO THE ADMIRAL
NEW YORK. Sept. 2S.— When tho
! committee from Washington reached
the Olympia each member of the com
mittee was cordially greeted by Ad-
I miral Dewey, but the warmest hand
; clasp and heartiest greeting was for the
' admiral's life-long friend, Senator Red
SECRETARY LONG DETERMINED
UPON DEWEY'S ASSIGNMENT
CALL. HEADQUARTERS. WELLINGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON. Sept. 28.— "1 do not recall a case &
whore it was a more simple act of the department and without the exercise of Influence on the part of any- tt
body outside, and I am happy to say that nothing has occurred to show that the department did not select the &
right man." . . <L
Thin waa the reply made by Secretary Long this afternoon to my question as to the official really responsi- gg
ble for Admiral Dewey's selection to command the Asiatic station. There have been various reports in clrcu- Q
latlon, all erroneous, according to officials interviewed, one of which is to the effect that the President selected j5
Dewey and another that Governor Roosevelt suggested the selection. Undoubtedly Secretary' Long did con- g
suit Mr. Roosevelt regarding the admiral, but he also talked with Admiral Crowninshleld and others whom w
he thought might have knowledge of the then commodore. It has been stated that the President took a hand in •*
the selection of Commodore Dewey for the Asiatic station. This is untrue. The selection was made by Secre- js
tary Long without any intimation from that official but solely upon his own motion and after he had made the $
Inquiries stated. After the Secretary had determined upon Dewey's assignment he Informed the President of g
his decision, and that was the first time it had been mentioned between them. g;
field Proctor of Vermont. The admiral
presented each of th.' visitors to Cap
tain Lamberton and then all went tc
the admiral's cabin, where the comniit
!'■• completed the programme of the
Washington committee and he express
ed his entire satisfaction with the cele
bration. Secretary Pruden presented
an invitation to a dinner with the Presi
dent, and the admiral accepted it.
Admiral George W. Baird, who sailed
with Farragut and Dewey in the Gulf
squadron in 1861, unrolled a package
which he had carefully guarded all the
way to the Olympia, and, displaying a
faded blue admiral's ensign, upon which
were attached four white stars, he said
to Admiral Dewey:
"Admiral, I wish to present to you the
first admiral's flag ever 'broken out' in
the navy of this country. The admiral
whose name and memory we all so re
vere first hoisted this ensign upon the
good ship Hartford before New Orleans
and afterward upi.-n the Franklin, and
since it came down from that masthead
It has never been whipped by the wind
or worn by the elements. You, the wor
thy successor of that great admiral,
whose tactics you so successfully fol
lowed a short while ago, I deem the
proper person for Farragut's mantle to
fall upon."
This flag was mad.' by Quartermaster
Knowles out of a blue "number" flag
when Farragut was tirst made a rear
admiral. Two white stars were sewed
on it. When Farragut was made an ad
miral two more white stars were sewed
on it. Farragut flew this flag on the
Hartford at New Orleans and afterward
in the Mediterranean.
The admiral was deeply affected, and
tears were in his eyes as he gazed at the
souvenir. It was several moments be
f..;-.. he recovered his voice. Finally he
B ald:
"I'll fly it. I'll fly it at tho masthead.
I'll fly it in the parade. I'll fly it always
—and— and — when I strike my admiral's
flag this shall be the flag I shall strike."
This was tho most impressive scene
that has occurred on the Olympia since
her arrival in port, and for some time
no one spoke.
TEDDY WELCOMED
BUT ' VERMONTERS
ARE CUT SHORT
NEW YORK. Sept. 28.— During Gov
ernor Roosevelt's visit Admiral Dewey
took occasion to let the world know
his estimate of the character of the
man he -was entertaining and to whom
he believed he owed much of his pres
ent fame. The admiral said: "Gov
ernor, I want the men to see you. I
want you to see the men."
Turning to Brumby he said: "Brum
by, you get the men up. I want to
have them see the Governor."
After the men had seen and been
seen and listened to a little compli
mentary speech by "Teddy," the ad
miral took the Governor and his old
friends below to his room and calling
the steward said: "Here, boy, get us
some of that contraband o' war — cham
pagne." and bottles were brought out.
"The last time we all met," said the
admiral, speaking to the captains,
"was on the 30th of April, ISPS, the
night before the scrimmage, wasn't it.
And now I want to propose the health
of the man who had more to do toward
making me an admiral than any other
man in the United States — Governor
ftoosevelt."
Captain Lamberton broke in here
with: "Governor, he has told me that a
thousand times." The toast was drunk
by Dowry and the captains, while
"Teddy" stood blushing and speechless,
embarrassed as a school girl, with a
glass of champagne untouched in his
hand. He caught sight at the moment
Of a bevy of girls looking on the scene
through the skylight and passed the
glass to the nearest, who took a sip
and passed it on till the fifth emptied
it and declared she would keep the
glass as a souvenir. Thus Roosevelt
was relieved of the necessity of making
any reply.
When the Governor and his party left
the ship he was given a salute of sev
enteen guns, as many as an admiral is
entitled to. Governor Roosevelt had
been gone about half an hour and the
admiral still had a lot of friends with
him, when along came the Lieutenant
Governor of Vermont and the Govern
or's staff and two members of the re
ception committee that is waiting to
tackle the admiral when New York and
Washington get through with him. The
admiral had a warm and hearty recep
tion in waiting for the Vermonters.
They had gold lace to burn and swords,
too, and dignity thick as plaster. Lieu
tenant Governor Bath came first and
gravely saluted the admiral. The mem
bers of the staff came next and gravely
saluted the admiral and lined up.
swords clanking, all glum and decorum
and mum as oysters. It wasn't the sort
of reception the admiral had been used
to. The smile on his face seemed to dim
a bit as the Lieutenant Governor
stepped forward and said:
"In behalf of the people of Vermont I
want to welcome you to your native
land and tell you how proud of you the
people of your native State are; and
when you get there — "
At this point the admiral exclaimed:
"Yes, yes, I'm coming; I'm going there;
I'm going to Vermont. I'm glad to see
you, boys; I'm going there."
And then he turned to a gentleman
who approached him with two little
boys and a little girl, leaving the gold
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Gov. Roosevelt
Gets Ahead of
Mayor Van
W^yek in Ex
tending For
mal Welcome
NEW YORK, Sept. 28.—Ad
miral Dewey has already ex
pressed some doubt that he will
be able to get through the duties
attendant on his reception with
out suffering extreme fatigue.
The routine of the admiral's
movements for the two days of
the celebration has been fixed.
It will occupy at least twelve
hours of Friday and sixteen
hours Saturday.
lace bedizened reception committee
standing stiff and uncomfortable with
their speeches unspoken. By the time
he had finished welcoming the children
the Vermonters had become pushed out
of line and swallowed up In the throng
of sightseers.
COGHLAN IS
WARMLY GREETED
BY THE ADMIRAL
NEW YORK, Sept. 28.— One of the
personal friendships that Admiral Dew
ey renewed aboard the Olympia this
afternoon was that with Captain
Joseph B. Coghlan, who commanded
the Raleigh at Manila and is now com
mandant of the Port Orchard (Wash.)
naval station. Captain Coghlan was
one of Governor Roosevelt's guests and
when he climbed to the head of tha
gangway the admiral rushed over to
him and grasping him by the hand he
exclaimed: "Why, Joe, how well you
are looking." And then he went on
with twinkling eyes: "What's this I
have heard about your learning to
sing?"
Then seizing the captain's shoulders
he shook him as if chiding him and
both laughed heartily at the admiral's
reference to Coghlan's "Hoch der
Kaiser" song.
VAST THRONGS
AND DAZZLING
DECORATIONS
NEW YORK. Sept. 28.— Jammed and
packed were the sidewalks to-day and
the throng walked in the streets along
the curbs. Broadway and Fifth ave
nue resembled streams in the lumber
regions, when the spring freshet has
started. Hundreds of thousands of vis
itors filled the city, captured hotels and
quartered themselves in private houses.
They stowed away their valises and
handbags and then went out to see the
sights and decorations. They had an
upward tilt of countenance, for their
eyes were fastened on flags high aloft
and upon columns and wings of dazzling
white. It was a throng representing
every State, for the preparations for
the reception of the hero of Manila Bay
stirred many from remote parts ,>f the
country to hasten to the metropolis in
the hope of seeing the admiral before
their neighbors couid get a chance.
Here was a loyal enthusiastic crowd,
proud to cheer at the mention of
Dewey's name. A decoration more spir
ited than ordinary, a chance word in
the stieet, the raising of a tablet in
scribed with the name of one of
Dewey's men-of-war, would set the
cheers to ringing and handkerchiefs to
waving.
Through the efforts of an army of
fakers visitors were well supplied with
programmes, official, unofficial and
"most complete." They were decorated
with flags, Dewey buttons, diminutive
swords and miniature cannon. Souia
of them wore half a dozen decorations
and were proud of them. They pro
vided themselves with pocket tlaj;s and
with handkerchiefs of patriotic hue.
Most of the decoration is done, and
New York is aglow with prismatic hues.
FOR DEWEY
AND WHEELER
BIRMINGHAM, Ala., Sept. 2S.
Editor Horace white of the New
York Evening Post, who is visit
ing friends in this city, is of the
opinion that Admiral Dewey
would not decline the nomination
for President if it were tendered
him. In an Interview to-day he
eaid:
"I have noticed in all the in
terviews Pewey has given on this
subject that while he says he is
a sailor and not In politics and
would not seek the nomination,
he at the same time has not said
he would not accept it. He will
certainly not seek the Domina
tion and will not enter partisan
politics, but I am firmly of the
opinion he would accept the
nomination if tendered him. He
for President and Joe Wheeler
for Vice President is a tirket
that would sweep the country.
Indeed. Dewey would be elected
no matter by what party he was
nominated."
Editor White speaks very en
thusiastically of the possibility
of a Dewey and Wheeler ticket
and does not seem to think it at
all Improbable.2
DENTAL EXAMINERS
TO FURNISH EVIDENCE
At a Meeting of the State Board Decisive
Action Is Taken on Dr. Tebbets'
Case.
/O BI&NICIA, Sept. 28.— The State Board of Dental Examiners held a
% special meeting at the office of the secretary, Dr. W. A. Moore, at
2* [teenlcia to-night. A resolution was passed that each member of the
'■2 .board transmij to the Governor any evidence in his possession relating to
g the charges preferred against Dr. Tebbets.
Thfre Js no limitation as regards color.
Thoee.^hose homes and places of busi
are on tho line of the parade have
-d neither care or expense to make
their decorations worthy of the man
.••i.d-of'the day. The professional deco
rator has received carte blanche from
• of the property owners. Graxro
' "festoons and draperies, medallions.
< >ats of arms and banners add to the
■ ri'.v't. Many of the residents of Riv
• rsi'de drive and West Seventy-second
street ■ have agreed on a common
BchjMne of decoration and the result is
beaktltul and artistic.
Stands were still being erected all
.iayralons the line of march. The tim
were put in place rapidly, and
i.":trds were nailed as though they
-■ re being put in place by steam
driven automatoms. Every stand had
its box office and its skirmish line of
spectators. In spite of Chief Devery's
•warning concerning spurious tickets,
the Kjud-lunged hawkers were not
abashed. From Fifty-ninth street to
Seventy-second street Central Park
■west: looked l'ke a wilderness of sawn
pine. The grand stands extended far
hack, and 1 parts of landscape projected
above the tier of seats. Trees which
seemed to be balanced In the air
nodded above the expanse of yellow
pine. Along the avenue stood the lines
salesmen enthusiastically plying
their trndt?.
Windows and stoops are for rent
everywhere, and fancy prices were paid
yesterday fur houses. H. O. Armour of
Cnfcago has rented a house at Rlver
t-ide .drive for two days for JinOO. In
Fifth avenue nearly all residents who
are In the city are building stands.
Among those who applied for permits
v-day were Herman Oelrichs, Qe
i;ou'.dand Andrew Oammack. How
ard Gould has purchased 100 seats at
the northwest corner of Sixty-seventh
street and Qentral Park west for the
children whom his wife will entertain
»l»iring the Dewey land parade. The
seats are on the property of Russell
Sage and C. P. Huntington.
TRIBUTE OF SONG
PAID TO THE
SEA HEROES
NEW YORK, Sept. Twelve hun
dred strong, the People's f £hpral Union,,
led •v Frank "pajrnjfoffeh; |>:«i<l a trib
ute of song to-ni'Tht to the sea heroes.
About 700 of the singers were women.
In the steamer Warwick -ttiey left the
pier at Beekman street at 7:40 r>. m. and
forty minutes la -r the; Warwick lay to
fifty yards from the stern of the Olym
pia.
"My Country, 'Tip of Th..-c" v:as the
first number and as soon as it was over
the jackies and officers expressed th"ir
appreciation by three hearty cheers and
a tiger.
Then the flashlights played and
Bhowed the admiral's flag at the mast-
Three cheers arose from th--
Warwick and the 1200 singers broke
f..rth int«> the stirring strain, "See. the
• 'onquering Hero Coined." The band
of the Olympia played "The Star-Span
gled Banner," and the band on the
Warwick joined in and the Olympians
helped the visitors to fill the night
with the magnificent chorus.
"Three cheers for Dewey," Borne one
on the Warwick called and a roar went
ur from the dim dark line along the
rail of the Olympia as well as on the
excursion boat. Tho union then sang
"The Hallelujah Chorus" from Handel's
"Messiah" as the Warwick drew out,
but the anxiety of the lingers to crowd
the boat and get a glimpse of the ad
miral cut the singing short.
Farther away the Warwick drew and
the singers united In the fine music of
"Men of Harleich." That was well
under way wh<'n the national colors
were run up on the stern c-f the Olym
l»ia. and with the searchlights full on
old glory it was gracefully dipped by
May uf. salute and thanks.
The "Star-spangled Banner" again
rang out in swelling chorus and that
•was the singers' good-night to the
great admiral.
Then Admiral Sampson's New York
■was sought out, while along the line of
warships, starting with the Olympia,
red and white signal lights winked
busily, passing the word to give the
choral union a fitting reception. But,
whatever the signals, the New York's
crew gave the singers a warm welcome
as they approached singing "The Bat
tle "Hymn of the Republic."
The New York's searchlights -were
turned on the. singers and then the.vis
itors cheered for Sampson and were an
swered with cheers by the crew. Then
somebody on the "Warwick called out,
"Three cheers for Admiral Schley," and
the answering shouts were fully as loud
as that which went before. Then fol
lowed "The Hymn of Thanks," "Halle
lujah Hymn," "America" and "The
S: ;.r-spangled Banner."
Rear Admiral Howison'a flagship, the
< hicago, was next visited. The anchor
watch only was on deck, but they work
ed the searchlights bravely and their
signal lights did a lot of winking, pre
sumably reporting the singers on hand
and well. The singers cheered the ad
miraL The Warwick started back to
Manhattan at 9:30 o'clock.
BRILLIANCY
THAT IS MOST
PICTURESQUE
NEW YORK, Sept. 28.— The appear
ance of New York harbor to-night
could be compared to a circle of in
tense light, with the -warships off
Tompkinsville as the hub from which
the brilliancy radiated. The bay has
never been as brilliant or as pictur
esque a display of continuous Illumina
tion as that seen to-night, nor has the
Interest manifested by the shore dwell
ers been greater. Beginning at Brook
lyn Bridge, with Its starring of white
jiectrlc lights punctuated at stated
intervals wnn red ana green coiorea
] arch signal lamps, the immense bril
| liant motto "Welcome Dewey" was
s-jsponded as if it ■were in midair.
, Looking from the bridge toward the
! Jersey coast similar signs could be dls»
--' tinctly read on the gateway of the '
railroads that are bringing thousands !
in swell iho pean of welcome to the re
turning warrior. Further down the
bay on the Brooklyn side was the same
: fiery "Welcome." and also on Staten
i Island. At the portal to the city
! shone out in letters of the brightest j
I light the same hearty greeting "Wei- \
come Home," flanked by immense illu- |
! minated American flags that could be j
| seen for miles. The residents at quar
! antine gave for the benefit of the
sailors on the ships a display of fire
works, which was followed by other
patriotic residents along the Brooklyn
and Jersey coasts. After the display
of fireworks the Olympia and New
i ork gave an exhibition with their
searchlights, lighting up passing craft
and picking out in brilliant relief many
iof the pretty wooded spots on the j
Staten Island hills. To-morrow night
the fireworks and illuminations will be
more general.
FORETASTE OF
THE GREAT NAVAL
PAGEANT TO-DAY
NEW YORK, Sept. 28.— Thousands
who went down to Staten Island to see
the Olympia and her lighting sisters of
the North Atlantic squadron had a
foretaste of the great naval pageant to
be presented to-day. From early morn
ing until dusk ferryboats were thronged
to their utmost capacity. On all lips
was the name of the Olympia, and as
boats approached the Staten Island
there crowds thronged forward anx
iously to obtain the first view ; of
Dewey's famous flagship. Lying right
off the lighthouse station and at the
end of the long line of warships she
presented the most conspicuous feature
in the picture. Viewed from the broad
bulkhead at St. George, which all day
long was "black! with spectators, the
view was even finer. To complete the
picture there lay within the line of war
ships a magnificent collection of steam
yachts, among which were conspicuous
the Intrepid, Varuna, Aloha, Claremont
and many eitht-r splendid pleasure craft
which will take part in the pageant of
to-morrow. •.
At St. George and Tompkinsville
boatmen drove a roaring trade in tak
ing visitors off to the ships. Of these
the Olympia received, of course, the
lion's share. > A brisk wind began to
blow early ' in the afternoon and--soon
kicked up a nasty,, choppy sea 'so that
the rowboats hardly dared^to venture
forth, and patrons of numerous steam
launches , had. to be . content with a
cruise around the ships, the. high sea
making it almost impossible to board
them.
«, V
DEWEY PARADE A
AND THE GRAND
ARMY TROUBLE
TOPEKA, Kans., Sept. 28.— General I
: Shaw, national commander in chief of |
i the Grand Army of the Republic, in !
prefacing his address to the veterans i
I at tlu- ritate reunion to-day spoke of I
I the now famous controversy of the
; Grand Army of the Republic with the
Dewey parade managers. He began by 1
characterizing; those having the big
parade in charge as "narrow-minded
blunderers, clothed with a little brief
authority."
He then reviewed the whole matter,
going over the details, which have al
j ready been printed.
"Had a soldier of deeds," he declared,
'"been in the place of General Roe, the
Grand Army would have marched in
glory and joy at the head of the lino,
following the great admiral, where, be- ;
yoncl question, their place should be."
Again he said: "Let this battleless I
Major General Roe 'stew in his own!
; grease' in view of his oft-repeated j
: declaration: 'I'll take the whole respon- ;
i sibility in refusing the Grand Army the
right of parade.' lam perfectly willing
he should."
General Shaw said that soon Admiral
I Dewey would be invited to visit the
thirty-fourth national encampment to
j be held at Chicago in 1900, where the
j veteran survivors would express their
admiration for him in their own way
and unhampered.
The veterans then adopted the fol
lowing:
Resolved, That the action of our com-
I mandftr in chief. Albert D. Shaw, and of
Department .Commander Joseph W. Kay
of New York in refuFlnsr to accept a place
1 for the Grand Army near the rear of the
I procession, a position never willingly oc
! cupied by the defenders of Old Glory in
any line, mcts with our unqualified ap
proval. We. the»- comrades of Kansas, al
ways lead the line in every patriotic dem
onstration Illustrative of American valor,
and we hope that on no similar occasion
in any department of the. nation will the
i Grand Army of the Republic be assigned
to any other than the post of honor; and
be it further
Resolved, That the : patriotic action of
: Governor Theodore RooscvHt of New
' York in promptly supporting the action of
: our commander in chief in demanding
i proper recognition for the Grand Army
: of the Republic endears him to every true
comrade of this nation and exemplifies the
Ft^rlinpr manhood of the Rough Rider who
1 led tho line to victory up San .luan Hill
; and in whose breast beats a warm heart
for the veterans of '61 and '65.
Stock Exchange Celebration.
NEW YORK. Sept. 2S.— One of the
biggest celebrations ever held on the
Stock Exchange took place just before
the closing hour this afternoon. The
Seventh Regiment band marched on
iho floor playing, and th? members
j abandoned business and closed the
day in a tumult of enthusiasm over
Admiral Dewey. Th« galleries were
crowded with visitors, who Joined in
I the cheers of tht_< brokers.
Fire in Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 28.-At a few
minutes past 11 o'clock to-night fire broke
out in a pile of rubbish in tho rear of
Veras' saloon on X street, ne.v Fifth
and quickly communicated to the saloon
arid oyster-house and the Stoll building
adjoining. The stock in the Stoll building
was badly damag-ed by smoke and water
and the total loss will be about $5000.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1899.
INSURGENTS
DRIVEN OUT
OF PORAC
Forces Under Mac Arthur and
Wheeler Meet but Slight
Resistance.
FIVE MEN WOUNDED
Rebel Officers Ask the Privilege of
Holding a Conference With
General Otis.
! Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 18'.<8, by James Gor
don Bennett.
MANILA, Sept. 28.— The town of
Porac was taken by forces under Gen
erals Mac Arthur and Wheeler at 9
o'clock this morning. The American
column met with only slight resistance
in its advance ,not more than 400 or 500
insurgents contesting the ground. The
American losses were five men
wounded.
The movement to capture Porac was
begun at 7 o'clock in the morning.
General Mac Arthur with the Thirty
sixth Regiment and General Wheeler
with the Ninth Regiment and a battery
advanced by two roads from Santa
liita, while General Wheaton and Lieu
tenant Colonel Smith, with the Seven
teenth and Twelfth Regiments, moved
from Angeles to intercept the retreat
ing insurgents if possible. .
Before the advance began a tremen
dous demonstration with artillery and
rapid-fire guns was made at Angeles as
a feint against the insurgents along the
line of the railroad on the American
front. Major Baldwin's battalion
guarded the town during the opera
tions. Only small squads of the enemy
were seen, as a rule. As the troops ad
vanced Major Shields and four sol
diers were at a point near the foothills
when they came suddenly into contact
with 150 "insurgents. By firing with
great rapidity they deceived the foe as
to their number and managed to hold
them off.
General Wheaton's attempt to inter
cept the Filipinos on the north resulted
only in the capture of seven armed
men, the high grass through which th •■
insurgents crept hiding them from
view.
The Twelfth Regiment, under Lieu
tenant Colonel Smith, took Manabang,
three miles out of Angeles, and General
Wheeler with the Seventeenth cap
tured the small town of Dolores. Later
the Twelfth had a few minutes' hot
fight with insurgents. None of the
Americans were wounded, but a few
insurgents were killed. After Porac
was captured General Wheaton's force
returned to Angeles.
Two Filipino majors came into the
American lines at nightfall last even
inn with a message saying that about
twenty American prisoners were com
ing in this morning. They requested
that General Alejandrino. with one
colonel and two lieutenant colonels, be
allowed to visit General Otis.
They were refused entrance until 12
o'clock noon on Friday, so as not to
spoil military movements. Only one
general will be permitted to sec- Gen
eral Otis.
SIX OF THE URDANETTA'S
CREW WERE KILLED
MANILA, Sept. 28.— 1t Is reported by a
person who has just arrived from Turdac
that Naval r"adet Welborn C. Wood, who
was in command of the United States
gunboat Urdanetta, recently captured and
5i s'roy, (i by the insurgents on the Oranl
River, on the northwest side of Manila
bay, and five of the nine enlisted men
forming the crew, were killed during the
righting previous to the destruction of
the vessel. ,
The four other men and the captured
ennnon— a one-pounder, a rapid-fire gun,
a Colt machine-gun and a Nordenfeldt
twenty-live millimeter gun — were con
veyed to Malao.
SILVER FOR THE
REDEMPTION OF BONDS
The Chilean Government Will Prob
ably Make an Issue of Thirty
Thousand Pesos.
Special Cabli' to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyrighted, 1599, by James Gordon
Bennett.
VALPARAISO, Sept. 28.— It is said that
the Government intends to issue 30,000
pesos in silver coins from the redemp
tion on Government bonds. This scheme,
it is believed, will give the coins their
real value. The price of bonds will rise
and the bank rate of interest will fall.
The project will be presented at an
extraordinary session of Congress, when
the Ministry will probably fall. Esti
mates for the War and Marine Depart
ments for the present year, which
amounted to 22.235.594 pesos, have been
reduced for 1900 by 4,723,854 pesos.
HIGHWAYMAN ROBS A
STAGE IN THE KLONDIKE
Plunder Secured Was Very Light, as
None of the Passengers Carried
Much Money.
SKAGUAY. Sept. 22 (via Seattle, S«pt.
2S).— The stage running between Atlin and
Discovery was held up by a lone highway
man on Tuesday night. There were nine
passengers, but none carried much money
or valuables and the plunder secured was
light. The robber escaped without bring
molested.
The highwayman hailed the stage, say
ing ho wantc-d to ride, and when It halted
ho covered tho driver and passengers,
telling thf>m that if they wanted to save
th.-ir lives they would have to give up
I heir money.
DENVER'S CARNIVAL.
Festival of Mountain and Plain Is
Gayly Celebrated.
DENVER, Sept. 28.— The annual
masked parade of the Festival of Moun
tain and Plain took place this afternoon.
Thousands of maskers were in line, and
scores of comical floats furnished enter
tainment for the spectators who lined the
streets. The open-air mask ball before the
grandstand to-night was participated in/
by between 5000 and 6000 persons and
lasted until midnight.
HAVANA IS CALMER.
All the Strike Leaders Released and
the Situation Improved.
HAVANA, Sept. 28.— The situation in j
! Havana is calmer this evening; than it j
! has been for several weeks. All the I
Strike leaders have been released. The
daily papers, with the exception of the
i Diffusion, congratulated the Military
! Governor.
The Disrusion says: "It is due to the j
I good sense of the Cubans that a general
I strike has been averted. The action of
Qeneral Ludlow has had nothing to do i
with the outcome."
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
drugsists refund the money If It falls to cure.
E. W. Grove's signature Is on each box. 25c.
DERELICT LOG RAFT
FOUND BY THE RESCUE
Was Adrift About Thirty Miles Off Point
Conception and Is in Good
Condition.
9 SAN LUTS OBISBO, Sept. 28.— The big log raft which broke loose off
O Cape Mendocino on September 7, while in tow of the steamer Czarina,
0 from Puget Sound, was found by the tug Rescue this morning off Lompoc
»S Landing, about thirty miles north of Point Conception. The Rescue towed
the raft to the bay of San Luis Ooispo at Port Harford. The monster
float seems to be in first-class shape, and none the worse for its ocean
»* wanderings.
4 i It has been a menace to all coast vessels, and a constant lookout had
0 been kept for it. So heavy and cumbersome is the raft that it would have
& in all probability wrecked any vessel that might have struck it. The raft
O is 625 feet long and 60 feet wide, and constructed in cigar shape. It con
♦^ tains 7,000,000 feet of timber and drew twenty-six feet of water. The tug
fy Rescue encountered considerable trouble in making fast to it, and it was
O only after an hour's hard work that she succeeded.
The tug Monarch has gone to the assistance of the Rescue. No
chances will be taken in bringing the raft to San Francisco. Should
it continue to blow a start will not be made until a calm prevails and
should it begin to blow while the tugs and tow are en route shelter will
be sought in the nearest harbor. It is expected that the tugs will take
at least four days to bring the raft to San Francisco.
FORMER GUERRILLA
LYNCHED IN CUBA
He Held the Position of Secretary of
the Municipal Court in Santa
Clara.
HAVANA, Sept. 28.— Senor Sanchez,
who was secretary of the Municipal
Court in Union Dereyes, province of Santa
Clara, formerly a guerrilla, was lynched
yesterday. T^e perpetrators are not
known. Sanchez, who was shot to death
had the reputation of having committed
many crimes during the war.
LUCKY CHINAMAN.
Picked Up Several Valuable Nuggets
in a Cave.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Sept. 2S.— Half of
Chinatown was out In a street meeting to
day listening to a tale of the finding of
gold from a former Chinese laborer here.
The lucky man was Kum Wing Lee who
left here about two years ago for the
Squamish Valley, about thirty miles up
the coast. He went inland at. out twenty
miles, where he says he founa a
rich in geld and a cave in which he also
found several large nuggets. One i of
these was worth $20 and is the largest e\ er
found In this part of the country.
Kum displayed $5000 worth of dust alto :
gether aa the result of his two seasons
work He also had a rare collection of
precious Btonea and a large number of
skins from animals he had trapped dur
ing the two winters that he had. been
away.
FIRE IN THE MOUNTAINS.
Crops of Thousands of Acres of Land
Threatened.
SAX I7TIS OUTSPO. Sept. 2S.— A confla
gration is raging in the mountains back
of the Hearst ranch, and hundreds of
acres of land with their crops are threat
-1 ned with destruction. More than a
hundred men are now engaged In fighting
the flames, which have been sweeping
the country for over five days.
The blaze originated on Salmon Creek
and ha? now burned as far as San Car
polo. Several mining cabins and other
valuable property ha? been destroyed and
the lire is Increasing in volume. All work
on the Htarst ranch has been suspended
and menft^d supplies are being rushed
to the IroWlo light the conflagration.
SAMPSON'S SUCCESSOR.
Admiral Farquhart to Take Com
mand on October 14.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 2S.— To-day's na
val orders announce the cancellation of
the order of the 11th Inst. assigning Rear
Admiral Howell to the command of the
Norfolk Navy Yard and direct him to
remain at his pr. sent position at the head
of the naval t xamining board. This ac
tion was takt n at the Instance of the rear
admiral himself, who prefers to remain
h.-re for the present The order of Ad
miral Famuhart to take command of the
North Atlantic station had been modified
so as to lix the date of change as Octo
ber 14.
Will Call Him Chichester.
NEW YORK, Sept. 28.— The lion cub
presented to Admiral Dewey was given
a name by the admiral in his cabin
this afternoon. The admiral invited
Captain Lamberton and Captain
Rpmey into his cabin, and, lifting the
box to the table, said:
"C.entlemen, wo must give this lin
hearted cub a name. I have decided to
call him Chichester in memory of my
WOMEN!
Most women
( GUARD AGAINST "\ suffer with
VDiSEASE: USE HUDYAN^ irregularities
and weak-
nesses peculiar to their sex, until they
take lIUDYAN. HUDYAN corrects such
troubles. These weaknesses are usually
complicated with headaches (Fig. 6). coat-
ed - tongue (Fig. 6), pale, haggard face
(Fig. 4), backache (Fig. 3^, WEAKNESS
OF LIMBS (Fig. 2), impaired digestion
(Fig. 1). loss of appetite and nausea.
No woman need suffer, for HUDYAN is
a positive cure for the above conditions.
HUDYAN cures painful or irregular
periods, profuse or scanty menses, leu-
'corrhoea and all the distressful conditions
that go with such troubles.
If you are a weak, pale, nervous woman,
you want HUDYAN and no other remedy.
HUDYAN will not fall you. It will afford
you absolute comfort. Try HUDYAN— be
convinced. •
Get HUDYAN from your druggist— soc
a package/six packages $2 50. If he does
not keep it. send direct to HI'DYAN
REMEDY COMPANY, corner i Stockton,
Ells and Market sts., San Francisco, Cal.
CONSULT HUDYAN DOCTORS FREE
CALL OR WRITE. THEY GIVE FREE AD-
AICE. .
MffirSllß&b RUPTURE.
IlifeXZ/^^slßff USE NO more IRON'
gßßEflEi'A^affy Hoops or Steel .-' Springs.
J»-- 3 ™3HJSaßr^ ' Rupture retained with ease
/ji£\?* " r '' comfort and thousands radl-
H. /Mi cally CURED, by DR. PIKRCE'S
:»■ /JB Magnetic Elastic Truss. [CTCall at
: y^gpr •■' office or write for New Pamphlet
No. 1.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
620 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel. San Francisco _
English friend, Captain Chichester of
the British cruiser Immortalite."
ANNUAL SHOOTING
FESTIVAL AND PICNIC
Austrian Military and Benevolent
Society to Hold a Grand Out
ing on Sunday Next.
The Austrian Military and Benevolent
Society has completed all arrangements
for its annual target shooting and picnic
to be held at Shell Mound Park on Sunday
next. A splendid programme has been ar
ranged for the occasion. There will be
numerous games, and valuable articles
will be offered as gate and raffle prizes:
$150 will be given away to the winners in
the various events. The military section
will have a contest for the championship
medal at the 200-yard range. The follow
ing committee of arrangements has the
aftalr in hand:
C. Radovan, chairman: P. Saulovich,
secretary: M. Perich, A. Batchio, P. Svet
inich, B. Burin, A. Popovich, G. Mostahin-
Ich.
Gate committee — V. Zupar, chairman; J.
Ivanovich, J. 'Josich, N. Maticevlch, N.
Purin.
Raffle prizes committee —J. Turato,
chairman; M. Sabodin, M. Perich, P. Saul
ovich, A. Batchio, P. Svetinlch.
Shooting committee — Captain M. Saba
dln. First Lieutenant P. Damjanovich,
Second Lieutenant N. Borina, First Ser
geant, J. M. Russell.
Floor committee —M. Radulovlch, N.
Mortizia, F. Martincich.
The association, with the Austrian mili
tary band, will take the 10:30 a. m. boat.
■ ♦ ■
A Sullivan (Ind.) man has refused to
pay a note of $150, which he gave to a
church some years ago, on the ground
that the paper was drawn on a Sunday,
and was. therefore, of no value.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
of the:
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
COMMERCIAL UNION
ASSURANCE COMPANY, Limited,
OF LONDON, ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. IS9B, and for the
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of sections- 610
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $888,148 69
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 265,500 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 1,737,615 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral
Cash In Company's Office 16.026 65
Cash in Banks 459,123 09
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 26,654 13
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 8,759 06
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 399,087 58
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 1,548 50
Rents due and accrued. 7,414 16
Due from other Companies for Re-
Insurance on losses already paid.. 3,278 58
Total Assets .$3,808.155 83 j
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $59,073 75
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 155.535 00
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 23,8. 0 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $1,680,194 83; g
re-Insurance 50 per cent — 840,097 4*
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,845,-
-110 75; re-insurance pro rata 974,207 77
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land 'Navigation Risks $15,064 55;
re-lpsurance 100 per cent 15,064 55
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, $105 00; re-insurance 50 per
cen t . 62 50
Amount reclximable by the Insured
on perpetual fire insurance policies 91,34» 28
All other demands against the Com-
pany •••••• 57.478 96
Total Liabilities.... $8.220,084 23
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fir« „
premiums ..$2,288,875 01
Net Cash actually received for Ma- _
rine premiums.... .••••■ •. 100.270 69
Received for Interest on Bonds and
\f r»rt mft fir A U ,.•■•■•••••••••>■•••••••■ o t v4s 53
Received K for "interest" and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and from '„..,,
all other sources IS 1 ™ 74
Received for Rent*.... —• • *2,666 67
Total 1nc0me..... .$2,442,793 89
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
cluding losses of previous year5)... 51,243,172 35
Net amount paid for Marine Losses \
(Including losses of previous years. 38,091 00
Dividends to Stockholders.....
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage •• 439,968 21
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 150.695 01
Paid for State, National and local " ■
taxes ' 1.304 06
All other payments and expenditures 14C.510 74
Total Expenditures .'.' .$2.089,481 37
Fire. Marine.
Ij °ye 8 ar S .'"^.'^.'"^•^Vffl.m 78 $48,191 00
Risks and Premiums . Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year •■••••• $301,740,820 $2,809,230 88
Net amount of Risks
expired during the :» ■■ •.. .•
year •• 284,181.702 2,893,079 90
Net amount In force \
( December 31, 1898 370.706,075 3,525,305 58
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written • during -the
•year $40,675,776 $220,961 51
Net amount of Risks
expired during the .
year ...A................... 43,892,482 261,954 75
Net amount in force)
December 31, 1898....... |V. 1.135,475 15.169 55
A. H. - WRAY. U. -S. Manager.
Subscribed and ' sworn to before me, this 23d
day of February, 1899. • '-
EDWIN F. COREY,
. Commissioner for California.
C. F. MULLINS, Manager,
PACIFIC COAST BRANCH.
416-418 California Street. j
SAN FRANCISCO. CAI*
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Our 90c Hats
are not made to sell to people who are used to paying 90c for a
hat—they will- suit the customer who pays $1. 50 and suit him
as well as his $1:50 hat, considering the wear.
We picture here the violet shape, but we have -them also in
Derby and Fedora styles. ; •_;_.. . -
J Violets — Brown, black, pearl and cedar.
Fedoras— Same colors as Violets.
cj er by S — Brown and black.
Boys' Sailors.
(^S.H.WOOP»CO(gj|
\$MO! -718 MARKETS!. V^/IoJ/
Out-of-town orders filled — write us.
LEADING AMERICAN COMPANIES.
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
NATIONAL TFIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD. IX THE STATE OF CON-
necticut. on the 31st day of December A.
a D Se rtne'lnSurince aSgSyg
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner. CA piTAL.
Amount of Capital . Stock, paid *» %^ m m
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $306. 650 83
L«ans on Bonds and Mortgages.... 810.890 9T
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company..... 3,638,833 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge,
of Bonds. Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral
Cash In Company's Office 718 SI
Cash In Banks ■} -• 260,165 71
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans i,----."
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages lt*i.*"* -
Premiums in due Course of Collec- mmn
tion v-v-:-- * 2 °' 680 81
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks
Rents due and accrued ...........
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid... ■
Total Assets ..$4.642.499 73
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid... $98,927 53
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense SI'SS SI
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 26,067 16
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $1,524,441 08;
re-insurance 50 per cent 762,220 64
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,914,-
-945 68; re-Insurance pro rata 890.189 68
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks, — ;
re-Insurance 100 per cent .........
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Rl s j t g i -; re-insurance 50
per cent Hill'
All other demands against the Com-
pany 167,850 68
Total Liabilities ■■$2,112.791 98
INCOME. ~
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $2,096,839 96
Net Cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums..: •
Received for Interest on Bonds and .
Mortgages ■• 48.189 32
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 141,389 64
Received for Rents 1,488 81
Profit and Loss— Agent's Balance... 351 68
Total Income... .$2,288,260 41
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $133,429 08, losses of pre-
vious years) $1,094,747 69
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(Including , losses of pre-
vious years)
Dividends to Stockholders 120,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage • 405,478 20
Paid ' for Salaries, . Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 180,178 93
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 72,23148
All other payments and expendi- .
tures ' 380,563 31 i
Total Expenditures ..$2.253.199 60
Losses incurred during the year, fire. 51,119, 698 73
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $259,856,712 $2,633,806 95
Net amount of Risks . ;
expired during the ■ ;
year 224.583,507 8,584.642 55
Net amount In force
.December 31. 1898..... 320,118,172 . 3,439, 356 96
JAMES NICHOLS, President.
E. O. RICHARDS, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 22d i
day of January, 1899.
FRED B. SEYMOUR.
Notary Public.
PAGIFIC DEPARTMENT :
__ . 409 California St., San Francisco, Oal.
GEO " D. DORNIN, EO. W. DORNIN,
Mana 2 er - . Asst Manager.
CITY "AGENCYJ
SOS Sansome ' Street,
Henry C. Ahpel & Co., Agents.
REYNOLD'S
wmß iBjSI wkJBP £i ew I K -' rsons need
™ be confined by
Goutnr Rheumatism, if on the first approach
of the paroxysm they have recourse to this rem-
edy ; then, a single dose is often sufficient..
E- iuh,i:hi.uo, 30.30 K. William *.*.
STATEMENT
OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
——OF THE—
Springfield Fire and Marine
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF SPRINGFIELD, IN THE STATE OF
Massachusetts, on the 3J«t day of Decem-
ber, A. D. IS9S. and (or the year ending on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner of
the State. of California, pursuant to the provi-
■ions' of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by th«
Commissioner. ■-.-
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash ..11,500.000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $131,000 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.... 752 790 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 3,J15,163 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other mar- • i ■• ; l' ? V
ketable securities as collateral 84 275 00
Cash in Company's Office 20179 99
Cash In Banks 119266 84
Interest due and accrued on all '
Stocks and Loans SI 810 92
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 20,466 45
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion ••••••.••.•.•••.•.,,•,....,. 188 57182
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks
Rents due and accrued . ago 17
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on louses already paid... 7,144 69
Total Assets.... .-$4. 774,658 39
LIABILITIES. ~~~ "
Losses adjusted and unpaid $29 774 11
Losses in process of Adjustment or '
in Suspense 128.656 49
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 12 187 81
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
nine one year or less, $1,195,-
-645 73; re-Insurance 50 per cent 697 772 87
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $1,603,- :
931 31; re-Insurance pro rata 851,983 84
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks; re-Insur- r
ance 100 per cent .-
Gross premiums .on Marine Time-
Risks; reinsurance 60 per cent
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due 57,714 37
Total Liabilities ..$1,678.088 99
INCOME. — —
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $1,785,219 18
Net Cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums .".
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 87.134 95
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 148,854 75
Received for Rents 4,794 Q3
Total Income .$1,970,502 S3
EXPENDITURES. ~~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $132,633 66 losses of pre-
vious years ;.... $934.870 11
Net amount paid for Marine Losses -
(Including losses of previous years)
Dividends to Stockholders 150,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or ■
Brokerage 838,928 63
Paid for Salaries, Fees and othe-
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 107 894 17
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 78.897 33
All other payments and expenditures 217,300 74
Total Expenditure* $1,827,661 07
Losses incurred during the 1 year,
"re • ■ $951.152 44
Risks and Premiums. IFire Risks. Premium*.
Net amount of Risk*
written during the
year $211,049,678 $2,178,027 3<
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 192,417,221 2,270.881
Net amount 'in force
December 31. 1898....... 265,026,971 2.799,477 06
AW. DAMON, President.
S. J. HALL, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 21st
day of January, 1899. P. S. BAILEY.
Notary Public,
IA/. T. HESS,
NOTARY POBLIC AND ATTOBNEY-AT-LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bid*.
Telephone Brown Ml.
Residence, 821 California St.. below Powe.l.
San Francisco.
WiiOr Gall $1.00 wTwBOERS ARE ASSEMBLING IN
FORCE ALONG THE BORDER LINE
British Troops Marching From Prospect Toward Laings Neck.
: LONDON, Sept. 2S.— A dispatch to the j
Daily Mail from Charlestown says.
Commandering is proceeding In the
Wakkerstrom district and probably
throughout the Transvaal. Two thou
sand burghers are assembled at Wak
kerstrom, whirl', is eight miles from the
Natal border and eleven from Laings
Neck. Twelve hundred have been or
• dered to Sandspall, thirteen miles west
of the Natal border, where they will
meet the Orange Free State artillery,
which has been lying low in this neigh
borhood for a fortnight.
The Pretoria correspondent of the
y Telegraph says: "The Trans
vaal executives are absorbed in war
i reparations. Many Boers oppose ag
gn ssive action on religious grounds."
1 '.t:\ News, which appeals to the
rnment to await President Kru
before sending a second dis
; ■ h. says: "If, as has been asserted
the Transvaal, all trouble
d have been avoided had Mr.
B dispatch last Friday
: ention' instead of 'conven
is," we do not believe a British Cab
line to i lear the matter
President Kruger to Bpeak,
if it Is Indeed only a matter of a con
sonant, for « c are convinced that it is
to get the consonant cut
i :
The Daily Chronicle says: "We un
on the best authority, that
tin- di lay attending the Boer reply is
; — still entertained by the
■ a peaceful settlement.
ra distrust -Mr. Chamberlain.
• :- thi.t if they make conces
nly increase his demands.
• thej have been trying to ap-
Lord Salisbury directly. They
trosi \h» Premier as much as they dis
trust the Colonial Secretary and if
- Isbury would give a pledge
that the golden bridge was meant se
ENGINEER BLAMED FOR
THE PAISLEY WRECK
James Kennihan of the Light Engine
Said to Have Been Intoxi
cated.
BUTTE, Mnnt., Sept. 28.— Details of the
wreck that occurred two miles
, a small station Just west
w, on the Great Northern, at 5
:■ jday morning, have been re
■ : The wreck whs caused by a liead
end collision between the second section
of So. S cominlg past and a light engine
lacking up westbound, and as a r*sult
employes of the railroad are de-ad.
XI c dead are:
HAI'.RY MASHENGAUSj engineer on
No. 8.
AI. NEITZKE, his fireman.
CHARLES STRAHAN, head brakeman.
E. P. PEION, fireman on light engine.
The injured are: James Kennihan, en
:■ on the light engine ; Jack Keeley,
conductor; second brakeman of No. &.
unknown.
Kennihan, sustained n broken leg, whils
the others were only slightly bruised by
fall. Engineer Mashengale was
I pinned to the ground beneath a
-r, with a broken leg and head
badly cut. He was removed with ditti
to Glasgow, where he died in the
afternoon of the same day.
The Coroners jury brought in a verdict
declaring that the men came to their
deaths through the negligence of Kenni
han, who is said to have been intoxicated
at the time of the wreck.
MAP OF THE TRANSVAAL— NATAL BORDER.
On either BirJe of the border the Boers and the British forces are posted,
and a clash may occur at any moment
j riously they would venture upon it. wel
! regret to say that this last effort has
been broken down, since Lord Palis
bury cannot go behind Mr. Chamberlain
without creating a Cabinet crisis.
"It is deplorable, nevertheless, that
state etiquette should be strong enough
to obstruct the path of peace. We
hope it Is not true that Mr. Chamber
lain intends to demand disarmament,
a heavy Indemnity and the withdrawal
of Dr. Leyds, which could only result
in war."
The paper suggests that the Orange
Free State should appeal for arbitra
tion under the arrangements con
cluded at The Hague.
The Press Association Issues the fol
lowing statement this evening: "We
learn that the centers of Interest in the
Transvaal crisis are in reality at Lis
bon and Berlin, and this consideration,
It is thought in some quarters, may
cause a further" adjournment of the
Cabinet.
"The future administration and
financial control of the Portuguese
possessions in South Africa are neld !■>
be an integral factor in the present
difficulty-. The friends of President
Kruger urge that it would be manifest
ly unfair to insist upon a partial re
duction of the forts at Pretoria and
Johannesburg so long as Lorenzo Mar
ques remains under the Portuguese
i Government, and it Is probable that
th~ negotiations between London. Ber
lin and Lisbon may not llu concluded
until after the Cabinet council."
The Odessa correspondent of the
Standard telegraphs a rumor thai
Germany recently suggested to Russia
'the advisability of mediation between
Great Britain and the Transvaal and
that Russia declined to have anything
to do with the matter.
WELLINGTON, X. Z.. Sept. 28.— The
Government of this colony decided to
day to equip and send a force of 200
men to the Transvaal. The House
sang the national anthem when this
step was decided upon.
CONTEST OVER THE
DIOCESAN COMMITTEE
Election at the Protestant Episcopal
Convention Results in Sustain-
ing the Bishop.
NEW YORK. Sept. 2.S.— The second
day's session of the annual conference
of the Protestant Episcopal church of the
diocese of New York brought out the
expected contest over the election of the
diocesan standing committee, the so
called high church party opposing the re
election of lant year's committee because
it had presented Rev. Dr. Briggs for
ordination to the priesthood.
The high church faction endeavored to
carry through the ticket nominated at
their meeting last Monday night, with the ;
exception that the name of Captain A. T. i
Mahaii was withdrawn. The old com
miU»-«» was also renominated.
While the tellers were at work on the
vote, Rev. Dr. Morgan Dix. chairman of
the committee of nine, to whom that part
of Bishop Potter's address which related
to marriage, divorce and the observance
of Sunday was referred, read the com
mittees report. They approved Bishop
Potter's views and expressed themselves
as "glad ami thankful that trie Bishop
had laid his hands upon two of the
greatest evils of the home."
The vote on the standing committee
resulted in the re-election of the old com
mittee, thus sustaining Bishop Potter.
The high church faction mustered about
a third of the members. There was no
excitement.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1899.
SPAIN'S MINISTERS
RETIRE FROM OFFICE
Cabinet Crisis Due to Irreconcilable Dif
ferences Regarding Proposed Na
tional Defenses.
MADRID, Sept. 28.— The Spanish Cabinet will resign to-morrow as a
result of irreconcilable differences among the. Ministers regarding proposals
for national defense.
This decision was taken at the Cabinet council to-night. The chief sub
ject under consideration "was the scheme of lh>> Minister of War, Lieuten
ant General Camilio Polevieja, for an extraordinary credit to be used In in
creasing and strengthening frontier fortifications.
The Minister of Finance, Benor Villaverde, was unable to agree with the
suggestions of General Polavieja and a Ministerial crisis followed.
The Premier, Senor Don Francisco Silvela, will therefore go to-morrow
to Sau Sebastian to place the resignation of the entire Cabinet in the hands
of the Queen Regent.
IMPORTANT TESTIMONY
IN MILLS WILL CASE
Mrs. Chatham Tells of Her Relations
With the Deceased
Capitalist.
REDWOOD CITY. Sept 28.— The faking
of testimony in the Mills estate contest
before the Superior Court began to-day.
George C. R'»-s made the opening state
ment for the plaintiffs, and called Mrs.
Diana Chatham. She told In detail a
story of her relations with Robert Mills.
She stated that he was the father of the
plaintiffs. Robert and Maria Chatham;
thai he had acknowledged them as such
in the presence of witnesses; they had
been educated at his expense, and the
witness was allowed to collect rents of
some of Mills' city property for her sup
port during the childhood of the plain
tiffs. She also testified that She and the
dead capitalist had jointly signed an
agreement to live together a? man and
wife. She said this paper was in Mills'
pus.' esslon.
Mrs. Frank King, who conducts the
summer resort at Summit Springs, testi
fied that she had known Robert Mills for
many years. One day Bhe asked him why
he worked bo ♦ hard when he had no one
to leave the money to. He answerpd that
he had two children that re intended to
provide for. They wore Robert and Maria
Chatham. At another time witness
asked Mills why he had not married Mrs.
Chatham, and he answered that his mind
had been poisoned against her by the lady
who afterward became his wife. A f f< w
months before his death he told Mrs.
King that Ik felt that his life was in
danger, that he had arranged to leave
certain property to his son and daughter,
but did not want it to be known for the
present. Frank King corroborated his
wife In many particulars.
McKENZIE'S TRIAL.
Many Witnesses Examined, but No
New Developments.
SI'TSt'N, Sept. 28.— The trial of ex-
Sheriff Mackenzie for the murder of Al
Cook was resumed this morning at 9
o'clock. F. J. Peabody, a photographer
from St. Helena, was the first witness.
He testified that Jesse Walters had asked
him for a photograph of Al Cook to be
sent to McKenzie, which was done. Miss
Coates, the felt-graph operator at Napa,
testified that McKenzie sent telegrams to
Jesse Walters to come to San Francisco.
Charles A. Kather, Deputy Postmaster at
Napa, testified that Mrs. Jesse Walters
received letters at Napa addressed to Mrs.
M. Fields and that these letters were
postmarked from Courtland and Sacra
mento. She was known at the jK)stofflce
as Mrs. M. Fields: Roderick McKenzie,
nephew of the defendant; was called. He
testified to having been in Berryessa Val
ley the day of the killing.
D. w. Scott of Walkers Lnndlngr testi
fied that Cook worked for him. During
that time he received letters from a
Woman. lie owned a pistol while tlier«,
larger than the one found near his body
the day of the killing.
Thomas Cuff who worked in McTOnzie's
stables up to December 31, 1898, and was
around the stable the day of the homi
cide, testified that McKenzie was v very
solicitous about his attending the trial of
Buchanan the day of the killing. Mr. Bell
hi re offered in evident-* a note and mort
gage given by George S. McKenzie to
Jesse Walters. Mr. B<?11 In offering this
in testimony shlm! he would show by this
that Walters and McKenzie were in a
conspiracy.
STEAMER GOES ASHORE.
Scotsman of the Dominion Line Meets
With Disaster.
MONTREAL, Sept. 28.— A message waa
received by the agents of the Dominion
Line from th-e telegraph operator at Chare
Island saying that the steamer Scotsman
was ashore five milen east of Belle Isle
light, full of water, but on an even keel.
He aiiled that immediate help was im
perative. Nothing further has been ex
plained and no newa is expected until the
Montfort reaches Father Point to-morrow.
Stole Employer's Money.
TACOMA, Sept. 2S.— J. P. Bishop, clerk
for W. H. Remington & Co., railroad
labor contractors, is alleged to have em
bezzled nearly $2500 from his employers
during the last year. The money was lost
chiefly In gambling. When the shortage
was discovered Bishop's wifo pleaded so
hard with liis employer that he con
sented at last not to prosecute him.
Bishop u:i> provided with ;i email sum
and t'lld 1. 1 feave the city at on<je. He
consented, but instead lost the money at
roulette. His wiie thf>n went tv Seattle
and put him aboard a train for Spokane.
Returning, she sold all hrr effects, in
cluding' her wedding presents, at auction
to raise money to partly reimburse Rem
ington & Go. Last night she departed
for her father's home at St. Paul with her
thr>-«- children.
MAY MAKE USE OF
THE MARCONI SYSTEM
Canada and Newfoundland Negotia
ting for Establishment of Wire
less Telegraphy.
HALIFAX, Nova Scotia, Sept 28.— Tn
connection with the loss of the steamer
Scotsman at HHle Isle, N. P., it is an
nounced that the Governments of Canada
and Newfoundland are negotiating with
Signor Marconi with a view to the es
tablishment of win-less telegraphy sta
tions on the Newfoundland coast. The Ca
nadian Government is also discussing
with Marconi iho. possibility of establish
ing: communication with Sable Island by
means of wireless telegraphy. A sum
of money w»ns appropriated a year ag«
for a teleprraph cable to that island, but
the plan is d< Cerred.
' Contributors to The Call's *
5 Home Study Circle— Shakes-
! peirean Series— Autumn-Win- ;
5 tier Studies: *
•EDWARD DOWDEN, -litt D M ?
[•> C.L, IX.D;, : Professor: of «
; English Literature, .Uniyer- *
i sity of Dublin. i
i WILLIAM J. ROLFE, Litt. D., i
{ Editor of Harper Brothers': £
' Shakespearean' Editions. . »
\ HIRAM CORSON; LLD., Profes- 3
sor of English Literature, I
! HAMILTON W. MABIE, Associate i
';"■ Editor of The Outlook. i
', ALBERT S. COOK, Ph.D., LLD., £
! Professor of Literature, Yale i
: University. t
' ISAAC N. DEMON, A.M., LL.D., {
"• Professor of Literature,^
1 UaiYersity of Michigan. • ■)
! i
•> The Shakespearean plays to <
I .be read during The Call's - Au- ]
5 . Winter Home Study Circle '
5 Series will Consist of— i
5 "The Taming of the Shrew." i
?' "Love's Labor Lost." . i
1 "Comedy of Errors." '.;
[:' "King Richard III." : ;
. "As You Like It." .-.:-:]
I "Coriolanus." ■„*.?
" "King Lear." '-.' \\
! "Othello." |
PRESIDENT
ANDRADE A
FUGITIVE
Chief Executive of Venezuela
Flees From Advancing
Revolutionists.
1 BATTLE IMPENDING
Consternation Prevails in the City
of Caracas, as the Enemy Is
Close to the Outskirts.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CARACAS, Venezuela, Sept. 28.—Mar
tin Banavria, president of the Cassa-
I tion Court; General Fonseca, Ortega
Martinez and others were banished yes
i terday by the Government. Apparently
| the- hostile forces are on the eve of a
; great battle. Negotiations for peace
I have failed.
PORT OF SPAIN, Sept. 28.— A private
| dispatch from Caracas reports that
i President Andrade has left the Vene
i zuelan capital and is believed to have
! gone to Porto Rico or New York. Gen
eral Castro's insurgent forces are
i known to be within five miles of
! Caracas. General Luciano Mendoza,
j comtnander-in-chief of the Government
i forces, has only three thousand troops
: with which to defend the approaches
'from Castro's assaults.
Refugees In large numbers are arriv
ing here by steamer. They report that
consternation prevails in Caracas. The
press censorship is exceptionally severe,
even mail matter being opened. Gen
eral Domingo Monagas, who has great
prestige in Barcelona province, prom
ised President Andrade troops from
Eastern Venezuela. He collected a con
siderable army at Cumana, but on
landing at Quanta, in Barcelona, the
soldiers declared in favor of the revo
lution, and are marching to form a
junction with Castro's forces.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Pensions Granted, Postal Changes,
Array Orders, Including the
Transfer of Officers.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 2.5.— The post
offices at Crockett, Weaverville and Tuba
City, Cal., have been advanced from the
fourth to the. third class. The postal ser
vice, between Pino Grand and Placerville
«vill be discontinued 'after September 30.
' Army orders— By direction of the Sec
retary of War, Second Lieutenant Parker
llitt will proceed to San Francisco and
report to the commanding general of the
Department of California for assignment.
Private Albert J". Wood, Troop 1,. First
t 'avalry. Fort Robinson, Nebraska, is
transferred to the Fourth Cavalry, lie
will be Beilt \o the Presidio, San Fran
cisco. Private Frank Corves, Hospital
Corps, transport Sherman, San Francisco,
is detailed as acting hospital steward.
Captain Dana K. Weller, Forty-fourth In
fantry, United States Volunteers, recently
appointed, with rank from August 17, IS9'J,
will report in person at the recruiting sta
tion til Sau Francisco, Cal., for temporary
duty to assist in recruiting for the volun
teer Infantry while unassigned. Unless
otherwise directed, at the expiration of
ten days from the date on which he shall
report as herein directed the recruiting
officer will forward to the Presidio, San
Francisco, such recruits as shall have
been enlisted through the instrumentality
of Captain Weller, and that officer will
accompany such recruits to the Presidio
mid report In person to the commanding
officer at that place for duty. Captain
John Biddle, Corps of Engineers, United
States army, upon completion of the duty
assigned him by the commanding general
of the Department of California, will pro
ceed to Manila, Philippine Islands, and
report in person to the commanding gen
eral of the Department of the Pacific for
assignment to duty as engineer officer of
that department. The travel enjoined is
■ necessary for the public service. Second
Lieutenant Ethelbert L. D. Breckenridge,
Seventh United States Infantry, will be
relieved from duty at Fort Wayne. Michi
gan, and will proceed to San Francisco,
Cal., and report in person to the com
manding general of the Department of
California for duty. Second Lieutenant
Hunter Kinzie. recently appointed, is as
signed to the Twentieth United States In
fantry, and will report In person to the
commander of the Department of Cali
fornia for assignment to duty with the
troops en route to the Philippine Islands,
wh.re he will join his regiment. The fol
lowing named enlisted men, having enlist
ed under false pretenses, will be dis
charged without honor from the service
Of the United States by the commanding
officers of their respective stations: Re
cruit George Smith. Eleventh Cavalry;
Private Martin Grady, Company p,
Twenty-seventh Infantry; Recruit W'illard
Moore, Fourth Cavalry, Presidio. San
Francisco, and Private Horace Hallman,
Company H, Third Infantry, Philippine
Islands.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— Robert Nelson M<-
Nair, Soldiers' Home, l^os Angeles, $1?.
Increase— Charles M. Wells Ixis Angeles,
$ti to $12; William Brown, Veterans' Home
Napa, $8 to $10; Adam M. Parry. Veterans'
Home, Napa. $C to $S. Additional—Rod
erick Mcl-«od, Soldiers' Home, Ims An-
SS to $10. Increase— Jesso D. Oldham, San
Jose, Jti to $&; John Foley, San Francisco,
$6 to |S; John Payne, Lhis Angeles, $8 to
$12. Reissue and increase— Edward C
Dunning, Paso Robles, $8 to $12.
Oregon: Increase — Michael Sharp, As
toria, $S to $10. Original widow, etc.—
Louisa Garner, Baker City, $8. Additional
—Ira Richardson. Progress. $ij to $12.
Washington: Original-Solon A. White,
Rockford. $10; Kolton W. O'Grady, De
courcey, Tacoma, $S.
VOLUNTEERS WELCOMED.
Reception to Men From North Dakota
at Tacoma.
TAt'OMA. Sept. 28.— The North Dakota
volunteers were royally entertained in
Tacoma this afternoon by the Red (.'ions
Society and a oommlttee from the Cham
ber of Commerce. The boys were received
by a large number of city officials and
citizens. From the depot the volunteers
were escorted to the rooms of the Re<i
Cross Society, where refreshments were
served, after which they broke ranks and
visited friends or were shown about the
City by committees.
It is the intention to welcome in a sim
ilar manner the volunteers from Minne
sota and other States as they pass
through the city. This afternoon the
senior officers of the Dakota Regiment
were entertained at the Tacqma Hotel by
General James M. Ashton, Mayor Nickeus
and others. The troops left for home at
6:3n o'clock to-night over the Northern
Pacific.
Baptists in Session.
COVELO, Sept. 28.— Delegates represent
ing- the Baptist Association of Lake and
Mendocino counties met to-day. Fifteen
churches were represented. The confer
ence will lie in session four days. To
day's session was devoted to the report of
the committee on credentials and the
standing committee's report. Saturday
will be devoted to the election of officers
and the appointment of standing com
mittees for the ensuing term.
Mules for Hawaii.
WOODLAND. Sept. 2S.— Sam Montgom
ery has a band of eighty mules which will
be shipped to Honolulu as soon as trans
portation can be secured. They were pur
chased In Butte and Colusa counties. The
pick of Ynlo County mules have already
been shipped to the same destination.
Buyers say that Yolo County has fur
nished more horses and mules for the
Hawaiian trade than any other county In
the State.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
H /^H'^ilirS mSt so our g uarantee is I
-I j! fISiPI " : wearing qualities of the [ f
■ ;fl *i Whatever you buy of
§§ If 111 ' us in this "Yeargood"
H 'i§ I line is tested to the full- |||
,Sj [/'/ Ifl e>t extent; possible 'in our |-.|
Xv y^te workshop, and the only Iy
||§ We are ready at all times within one year fl
HI to make any repair, free of charge, that you may W& '
-"^ want. Yet we return your money should you fM .
te think you are entitled to it. >
|H Yeargood clothing is made in all the shapes cfii
Vl — single and double-breast sack suits, frocks^ ,&B.
$U etc., and the prices range from $12.50 to $2%. **HL
g Prince Alberts. §M\
fe| We have a fine line of Prince Alberts, in imported? ■!''
||1 Vicuna material. They are hand made throughout and '^gr>
|H lined vviih heavy silk. Fit as perfectly as custom-^ bB»
HI made garments. Call and see them. jgjflßH
T Boys' Sailor Suits.
Latest fall styles; material is all-wool, heavy blue fl- 4
&sja serge in dark blue; collar is trimmed with soutache* fl'i
Wm braid, and there is a small design on the shield; trim-;. PS-,
'££. mings come in red, blue and black. ■ r
I (|||) s.n.woodTco(#) 1
Out-of-town orders filled — write us. flf
B^^EMBARRASSINd
TO FIND AN ELEPHANT
' ON YOUR HANDS j
in a badly done up and torn and frayed
shirt front or collar when you are going
to see your best girl or want to look !
your best for some social function. j
Nothing like that will ever happen ■
when you have your best linen laun- I
dered by our up-to-date and perfect |
methods. We send it home without j
fray or tear, and looking fresh as when i
first bought.
United States Laundry. Offloa
i 1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 4-20.
Oakland Office. 514- Eleventh St.
ALL AILMENTS OF MEN CURED.
DR. MEYERS & CO. bave trie largest prac-
tice and best equipped medical. institution
on the Pacific Coast. Established 17 years.
PRIVATE BOOK and advtcs free at office
or by mall. All letters confidential.
731 Market St., San Francisco.
SJIERCE'S
%JT FAVORITE
pESCRgPTION
JL FOR WEAK WOMEN. I
h'AWT'' Pierces Prescri P tioß 7Cf
el 7" \j Cut ßate Dru^grißts *V*'
Drug Co. 1128 Market Street. S. f.
DDTTGTJT7O FOR BARBERS. bak-
nil M jfliJlJ" 8 . bootblacks, bath-
*^ w house*, - billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders. : candy-makers, canners,
dyers flour mills, foundries, , laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factor!**,
•tablemen, tar- roofers, tanners, tailor*, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St.
DR. GROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
For the cure of Gonorrhoea, Gleets. Strictures
and analogous complaints of the Organs of
Generation. . : .
Price 111 bottle. • For sale by druggists.
Wrist's Mian VeptaWe Pills
Are : * acknowledged ;• by thousands of persons
■who have used them for forty years to cur*
SICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS, CONSTI-
PATION, Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach, Ptm-
Cles «cd purify the blood.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
•/" .- tr -,'.'•-■ - .
OF THE
ALLIANCE
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF LONDON. ENGLAND. ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1898. and for th«
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections 810
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In '
Cash ;.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $163,170(7
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 10,000 0$
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 697,460 OS
Amount of Loans secured by pledge of
Bonds, Stocks and other marketable .
securities as collateral ...
Cash In Company's Office >. v ...
Cash in Banks 46,06179
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
ami Loans 1,750 00
Interest due and accrued on Bonds and i ■ .:,
Mortgages ,
Premiums in due Course of Collection. 32,883 M
Ellis receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks ........ 214 70
Rents due and accrued, ; 475 00
Due from other Companies for Rein-
surance on losses already paid
Total Assets ...4550.79* II
LIABILITIES. 1 ~ : ;
Losses adjusted and unpaid.... $ 670 00
Losses in process of adjustment or In ■ - . .
• Suspense ...... ..;..'... ...'.....*...• , 3.075 04)
Losses resisted. Including expenses....
Gross premiums on Fire Risks running- . .
one year or less. $146,277 08; reinsur-
ance SO per cent — ..........' 73,138 Si
Gross permiums on Fire Risks running
more than one year, $82,999 09; rein-
surance pro rata 53,548 0)
Gross premium on Marine and Inland
: Navigation Risks. % ; rein-
surance 100 per cent •
Gross premiums on Marine - Time.
Risks. S : : reinsurance 50 per
cent
All other demands against the Com- ■ <
pany 7,119 24
Total Liabilities — 1137. 648 81
INCOME.
Net Cash - actually received for Fire
premiums $200,767 »
Net Cash actually received for Marina ..?•.: ■_."-.
premiums
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages
Received for Interest and dividends on
Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from all
other sourcee 20,429 41
Received for Rents :............ 10,102 45
Total Income 1281.299 19
. EXPENDITURES. ' ~~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In- *
eluding $SlO2 40, losses of previous
years) 91,687 14
N.et amount paid for Marine Losses
(Including $- ■ — — , losses of pre-
vious ; years)
Dividends to Stockholders
Paid -or allowed for Comminsion or '■--■•
Brokerage ..-.. ...:............... 45.883 II
Paid for Salaries, Fee? and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 14,18153
Paid for State. National and local .
taxes 2.880 07
Ail other payments and expenditures.. 41.654 15
Total Expenditures $196,018 87
-.■'-."■-/ . Fire. '•■
Losses Incurred during 'be year .$37.152 71
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks :
written during the
year $22,493,314 $269,579
Net amount ;of Risks
expired during the
year ;..... -v .....;. 22.375,632 240.648 46
Net amount in force -
December 81. 1895..... 17.307.708 229.276 18
SAML. R. "WEED of Weed & Kennedy, .
' Manager. .
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 24th
day of January, 1599. GEO. H. COREY.;
Commissioner for California.
C. F. MULLINS, Manager,
PACIF C COAST BRANCH.
416>418 California : Street,
- SAN FRANCISCO, CAU:.
34
COLUMBIA
PLACED ON
DRYDOCK
She Looks Much More Like
a Racer Than the Irish
Boat.
Bjx eial DiFi>atch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Sept. 2S.— The Columbia
was d the Brooklyn Navj
liternoon. She will probably remain
tin' day pro eding
t the Bei ■ - tor the
America's cup, during which period every
art known to the builder, rigger and sail
maker will he employed In yetting the
In the Ln-st possible trim for tho con«
test
The contrasts between the lines of the
Shamrock and the Columbia are very
marked. In the former one can see a big
bulky craft, dependent upon a greater
rfority in speed,
while the the thoroughbred ap
■nn s with Oner linos ana
lull.
The Columl la was viewed from all sides
by atiriiiri:.(r hui Bt of whom also
])-td ; Shamrock in the drydock,
nine out of < very hundred
were of the opinion that the American
boat v - than
the It Even the English
and 8 liting writers sent across
to report the cup races admitted that the
Columbia was the better looking era
the two, but they hope for heavy breezes,
bo that the Shamrock can make her beat
showing.
\\ .... I el touched on the blocks
they were at a depth of twenty feet and
a few I water. After the watex
had : ■ far that the Columbia's
hull below the water line was •
view, it was Been that the action of the
water had corroded the bronie plates so
much that Bbre appeared painted green.
The bilge- plates were remarkably bright,
liowe\ friction will do
whtn tjie 1 • ssel Is under sail.
When the Columbia goes out of the dry
dock her underbody will glisten like gold.
The white I perea and
a fresh eon: of paint will be put. on. The
Columbia looks like a big tin keet Her
3t well forward
on the keel, so as to be directly under the
center of effort, while on the Shamrock
the Li 1" lie American
boat is cut ay ml much more
than tho Irish cutter, and has a longer
overhajip aft. The former's keel lead is
about tiorter at the bottom
than • ter's, which accounts lor her
Buperier nuickness in stay.s. The bilge
plates on the Columbia do not look as
smooth as on the Shamrock, but the reft
of the hull is as good a piece of work
manship a? that ol the latter.
John Hyslop, official measurer of the
New York Yacht Club, visited tho yard
this afternoon and arranged with Mr.
Is.-lin to put the tape on the Columbia
1» xt Monday. He declined to express an
opinion either the Irish or the Ameri
can yacht.
Captain Thllip Ellsworth, who designed
tho Atlantic, saw the Columbia. He said
he believed the Columbia would defeat
Shamrock, but thought the Irish craft
would prove as good as the American at
point in sailing except in windward
work. He said:
with a hull like the Co
r> a keel like that of the
America, cut down the sail, and I'll
ie would defeat the Columbia hands
WASHINGTON, Bepfc 88.— Assistant
BecV< ■ - ■ ling has approved the rules
and regulations for the government of the
course during the coming yacht •
which were submitted by the regatta
' w York Yacht Club.
nine rules, providing for the
position of the patrol tl<-<t In every pos
tlngency and insuring a clear
course A clear > ilf a mile about
g line will be maintained until
• irted. After crossing the
the torpedo Beet will form column
and on a course parallel with the
■ ters will f> a
.. This formation will insure ,1
■
windward of the competing yachts. Pro
vision is made for maintaining this space
r any conditions. Elaborate rules are
down for the triangular races. <>n
the run in all vessels will be kept from
ling line of the yachts and
must keep to leeward of the patrol line
Violation of these rules will incur the
■ violation of the naviga
tion laws of the United States. Offending
vessels will be brought to with a shot and
scut back to New York in charge of a
revenue ol
GOES A FAST QUARTER.
Anaconda, the California Pacer, Does
Good Work at Louisville.
LOUIBVLLIJ3. Sept. £B.— The first and
most Important event of the day at the
F.i'r Qrounda was the Klatavra stake for
three-year-old pacers, and was -won In
Etralght heats by the favorite, Riley B.
Favorites -were successful In the other
events; also In straight heats.
i.'onda, the California pacing won
der, with a mark of 2:O3Vi, made an t-xhl
frltion mile In 2:06%, going the final quar
ter In I\* secondc, the fastest quarter ever
made by a harness horse on the Louis
ville couree. Results:
Klatawa stakes for three-year-old pacers
value %2'jOO— Riley B won in straight heats.
Time, 2:17'-t. 8:17%. Plumailna Becond, Van
lip- .-i-ntt-r third. No others.
First half 2:11 trot, purse $1000— Improvidence
Ton !n straight heats. Time, 2:12, 2:13. Iris
eecond, Guy third. Dainty Daffo, Pero Belle
and Pilot Evana al»o Btarted.
Bacond half 2rW trot, purso 11000— Edna Cook
yon In etialeht heat?. Time, 2:132, 2:12 Glory
(ec.n.l. Medium Wood third. Itupsell Wood
Carrie Ehleida, Fleetwood and Black Robert
also started.
XBW YORK, Eept. 28.— The Parkvillo handi
cap for three-year-olds at Fix furlongs was
the stake feature of a g-ood card at Oravesend
to-day. It furnlshpd a sensational finish.
A N B Tras made favorite, with Satin Slipper
a strong second choice and Heliobaa also well
played. Satin Slipper and lit-llohas ruahed out
Lka the running. They ran like :i fain
h*ad of the stretch, when Satin f>li],j,i. r
i at the last Blxteenth looked
like a sure winner, llalior kept hard at worK
1 -; Hellobas, however, and thf> colt. re>|ionillriK
- us ride, came again and K"t up in
time t.. win by a short head In 1:13 2-5, one of
■ the meeting. Results:
Fiv.- furlongs, FPlllnp— B»lle of I^xlng-ton
won, Star <'t.iine pecond, Cm»-ck Queen third
prime, 3:o! 2-6.
About Plx furlonps— Bendoran won, Mc-
Meeklo second, Lridor third. Time, 1:11.
Mil-' and ' :i--yixtf>-nth. Felling— Jefferson
Pears'
Pretty boxes and odors
are used to sell such
soaps as no one would
touch if he saw them un-
disguised. Beware of a
soap that depends on
something outside of it.
Pears', the finest soap
in the world is scented or
not, as you wish; and the
money is in the merchan-
dise, not in the box.
All sorts of stores sell it, especially
druggists; all sorts of people are
using it.
i/iecorcio 9/?ade in the Sporting Tl/orld.
LEASHMEN
RULED OFF
FOR LIFE
Dr. G. W. Leek, A. Ohmeyer
and J. Tyler Punished for
Drugging Greyhounds.
As a result of a rigid investigation made
by the management of Union Coursing
l';u-k\ Dr. <j. W. Leek, A. Ohmeyer and J.
Tyler have been ruled from the park for
Dr. 1,"i.-k Is accused of preparing and
g drugs tor the doping of grey
hounds, while the others are charged with
administering the drugs to dogs in their
The findings in the case of Dr. Leek
read: M He is adjudged guilty of conduct
detrimental to the best interests of cours
ing and is forever denied the privilege ol
entering or running a dog in his own or
in a-ny utiu r person's name. He will be
ted admission to Union Park Asso
ciation grounds."
The dugs registered in the name of T. J.
McJhildtfwney— Kight Bower, lxird Bcatter-
R< seoud, and their progeny— ere
ruiea oii for the period of four years from
this date.
A. uhmeyer and J. Tyler are adjudged
guilty oi violating the rule of the park
with regard to giving stimulants to dogs
without consent of or giving notice to the
field steward, and will be denied forever
tho privilege of entering or running a dog
in their own or any other person's name,
and will be denied admittance to Union
lark. The greyhounds belonging to them
—Pair Rosalind, Occidental, Fleet Foot,
Dreyfus, Lieau . Brummel and their
progeny— are ruled off for a periud of four
years from this date.
The directors of the park have suspected
for some time that dogs have been given.
stimuiajits contrary to the park rules.
Gus Videau and P. J. Curtln, detectives,
were employed ajid supplied testimony
bearing out the suspicions. Curtin was
concealed over the kennel and saw c >-
came administered hypodermlcally to
I^ird Bcattercash, Occld< ntal, Rosebud,
Right Bower and Beau iinmimel before
their courses last Saturday.
Boxes of cocaine capsule? bearing the
niune "'Eureka Coursing Capsules, Dr. G.
W. Leek," were also produced. These
were plbced on sale In a book store, it
being deemed best apparently not to put
them in the hands of druggists. The evi
dence of the detectives connected Dr.
Leek directly with the traffic in the speed
producers. Each box contained six cap
numbered consecutively. The heav
i> si dose was to be administered before
the first course and the others of dimin
ishing strength each subsequent time the
dog went out to run. There was also pro
duced an envelope marked "Leek's Union
Telegraph." This contained but one cap
sule.
Ohmeyer and Tyler entered a general
denial of the charges against them, but
were unable to controvert the testimony.
11. A. Deckelman of Ingleside Coursing
Park was present at the investigation by
invitation. It is expected the Ingleside
people will take action in the case.
INGLESIDE COURSING.
The stake at Ingleside Coursing Park
this week Is limited to eighty dogs. The
total prize money is $730. the first prize
being $110. Tho draw resulted as fol
lows:
Open stake— Douce' s Sarcastic vs. H. A.
Deckel man's Pet Klrby; Dan O'ConneH's Clip
per vs. ("i.nnell Bros." Mamie Pleasant; H. A.
Deckelman's Prince George vs. J. J. Edmonds"
Some Time; 11. A. Deckelman's Snaoabol vs.
J. Byrnes' Battle-ship; H. Allen's Miss Lois
.vs. ' T. J. Mclnerney's Johnny R; J. -Perry's
Commodore Nash . vs. ]".. PaK?cn's Merry
Maiden: J. Tyler's - Beau ' Brummel - vs. D.
Chella's Golden Russet; R. Prlnirle's" Gladys
Pasha vs. Murphy & Toland's Pleasant Girt;
J. J. Edmonds' Whisky Hill v«. M, London's
Magneto; T. J. Mciiugh'e Maid of the Mill vs.
.1. Ferris' Cl( I, itra; Curtis & Son's Plying
Pox vs. J. Lenlhan's Racine; Cnnnell Bros." St.
Helen vs. Curtis &' Son's Cavalier; W. H.
Lord's Revolver vs. T. J. Cronln's Depend on
Me; M. Lynch's Cinderella v.*. Guerrero's
Silence; J. McCormack's White Tip vb. K. M.
Kellogg's lowa Girl; J. Mooney's silent Treas
ure vs. E. M. Kellogg/s Hummer; T. J. Mc-
Hueh's Moss Rose vs. Curtis & Son's Beacon;
T. Jerome's Lady Gay vs. D. Shannon's Sou
brette; Curtis & Bon's The From vs. Murphy
& Toland's Twilight Jr.; G. J. Panarlo's Old
Glory vs. J. Ronnlns's Dempsey I*t.Js-; W. L.
Trade's Wandering Tom vs. A. Johnson's
Mountain Beauty: T. Sullivan's Maid of the
Hill vs. T. J. Mclnerney's' Tommy Rex; T.
Mannlx' Water Witch vs. B. Dean's Free Sil
ver Boy; D. Flynn's Skylight vs. Curtis &
Son's Luxor; Curtis & Bon's McKinley v. . T.
J. Cronin's Rose of Tralee; P. M. Clarkson's
Black Hawk vs. J. Segeerson's White Chief;
J. CDowd's Shootover vs. W. O. Elmer's Fair
Florence; J. Coleman's Norman vs. J. Lynch 1 a
Hicks; J. J. Edwards' Morning Glory vs. Cur
tis & Son's Maud S. J. McCormick's Primrose
vs. Curtis & Bon's Ca-»h; Curtis & Son's Vul
can vs. Murphy & Toland's Ornament ; Murphy
& Toland's Tea Rose vs. R. Prinze's Honor
Bright; D. Shannon's Sulsun vs. T. Fanning*
Babe Murphy; Curtis & Son's Commodore VS.
W. H. Shear's Chauncy; T. Logan's Miss Griz
zle vs. L. Wiggln's Dexter P; E. Coffin's Moun
tain Boy vs. T. J. Cronln's Maid of Bail; T. J.
Mcllugh'6 Empress vb. .T. Hurley's Lucretla
Borgia; George Burfelnd's Pastime vs. J.
Byrnes' Nellie B; 1). Shannon's Safeguard vs.
J. Bonner'ts Flora Z; A. Van den Burgh's Kitty
V vs. A. Johnson's Tod Sloan. •
won, Our Nellie second, Don Rice third. Time,
1:48 2-5.
rarkville handicap, six furlongs— Hellobas
won. Satin Slipper second, A-N B third. Time,
1:13 2-5.
Mile and one-sixteenth— Pins won. Desperado
second, Waterhousa third. Time, 1:512-5.
About six furlongs— Reynolds won. His Ex
cellency eecond, Allaire third. Time, 1:112-5.
CHICAGO, Sept. 28.— Weather cloudy, track
heavy at Harlem. Results:'
Beren furlongs — Blenheim won, Eva Wilson
second. Defiance third. Time, 1:39%. ■
Six furlongs — Uhlers won, Bonnivard second,
Rollins third. Time, 1:24%.
Mile— won. Hittick second, Plantain
third. Time, 1:53%.
Five and. a half furlongs, selling— Myrtle Ge
bauer won. Hood's Brigade second, Florlnel H
third. Time, l:lsVi.
Mile and " a sixteenth, selling— George Lee
won, Ray H second. Astor third. Time. 2:02.
Five and a half furlongs, selling— Mlcr
won, Castlne second, Phallas third. Time,
1:14%.
TORONTO, Sept. 28.— Results at Woodbine
track:
Six furlongs— Flying Bess won. Sir Blaze sec
ond Apple Jack third. Time, 1:17%.
• Five furlongs — Alpaca won, Sal Ira. second,
Alfred C third. Time, -1:04%.
Mile and an eighth— Leading Lady won, Wex
ford second. Stone Fence third. ■ Time, 2:16.
Mile and a sixteenth— Red Pirate won. Colonel
Cluke second, Ablngdon third. Time, 1:54.
Steeplechase, about a mile and three-quar
—Phllae won. Prince Mark second. King
Kenn third." Time, 3:37. ;■■;■.:■'•;''■ '-'^
Six furlongs— Judge' Qulgley won Athy sec
ond, Passe Partout third. Time, 1:18%.
THE ORIOLES DEFEAT
THE COMING CHAMPIONS
Race for Second Place Between Phila-
delphia and Boston Becoming
Interesting.
NATIONAL LSAOUB STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pot. I Clubs— W. L Pet
Brooklyn ....S3 41 Chicago 72 67 .618
Philadelphia 88 53 .626!X>3uisvllle ...69 72 4»0
Boston 84 53 .613jPlttsburgr ...6S 71 m
Baltimore ...SO 58 ,688 New Y0rk. ..53 80 .39S
St. L0ui5. ...81 61 .570 Washington 49 89 .855
Cincinnati ..75 65 .■::<". Cleveland ...20 125 .137
BALTIMORE, Sept. 28.— Baltimore won from
Brooklyn to-day by daring base running, rein
forced by Indifferent work In the field by the
visitors. Neither Howell nor Dunn was hatted
hard. but the chilly atmosphere made rapid
playing difficult. Attendance 1647. Score:
Clubs— . EL H. E.
Baltimore 7 6 3
Brooklyn ; 5 6 4
Batteries— Howell and Robinson; Dunn and
Farrell. Umpires— Ems-He and Dwyer.
BOSTON. Sept Boston and Washington
played a tie game to-day. With Boston two
runs to the good Washington -batted In four
runs In the first half of the ninth. Two bases
on balls and a single tied the score for .Boston
in the second half, when the same was called
on account of darkness. Swart wood's decision?
occasioned a good deal of kicking. Attendance
•i<">. Rcora:
. Clubs— \ • R. H. E.
Boston •••» •••.••.■••• 8 7 ~ 1
Washington : .'.......8, 11 3
L Batteries— Bailey arid Sullivan; Dineen, Kit
THE SAN FB AN CISCO CALL., FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1899.
STERL AND KNOWLES' AUSTRALIAN IMPORTATION.
Among a consignment of six greyhounds which arrived here on the
steamer Mariposa on Friday was a brindle clog for the coursing firm of Sterl
& Knowles. He Is by Harkaway-Gertie. and is well put together. He ar
rived here in good condition after twenty days at sea and will be tried out
in a stake shortly.
tredge and Powers. Umpires— Swartwood and
Hunt.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 28.— Seymour to-day
gave ten bases on balls and struck out eleven
batters. He was very wild, but when he cut
the plate the Phillies could not hit him. Er
rors by the locals helped to fatten New \ork •
score. Prince RanJltsinhjt and several of his
English cricketers witnessed the game. V*™
ness stopped the play at the end of the eighth
inning. Attendance 2570. Score:
Clubs- R- H. E
New York 6 • "
Philadelphia 3 4 6
Batteries— Seymour and Warner: Platt and
McFarland. Umpires— Manassau and Snyder.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 2S.— Perfectos gave
Rube Waddell the first bumping to-day that he
has received since he made his debut in the big
league. With two men on bases In the, third
Inning, Blake was sent up to bat for Held rick.
who Injured his leg and. Harry smashed the ball
on the nose for a home run. Attendance 4.0.
Score: 7 12 1
i-uls 7 U 1
Louisville -•• 3 8 3
Batteries— Cuppy and Buelow; Waddell and
/.' miner, Umpires— McDonald and Connolly.
PITTSBURG, Sept. 2S— l.eever's two-bag-g-er,
with bases full In the eighth Inning, won for
Pittsburg to-day. It was the first defeat the
Reds sustained In Plttsburg this season. At
tendance 13<K). Score:
Plttsburg 7 1 J 5
Cincinnati 5 h 4
Batteries—'l^eever and Bowerman; Frlske and
Wood. Umpires— O' Day and Latham.
TERMS OF. NOTARIES.
A few days ago Governor Gage caused
considerable stir by revoking the commis
sions of a number of notaries public and
many more felt that they would !■■■
obliged to walk the same plank. In or
der to learn as to the power of the Gov
ernor to make such removals from of
fice several inquiries were made of At
torney General Tirey I>. Ford as v> tin
law on the matter. Mr. Ford and Deputy
Abbott searched the statutes and found
that prior to I£9l notaries public were ap
pointed for four years. The Legislature
of 1593 amended the statutes and omitted
to six the term for this class of officials.
In 189$ the lawmakers again amended the
same, restoring the four-year term. The
Attorney General sums up his conclusions
as follows:
Section 793 of the Political ("ode would be
made to read "The term of offlre of a Notary
Public Is four years from and after the date
of his commission." I am therefore of the
opinion that the office of a«N'otary Public, ap
pointed after the act of 1893 went into effr . t
and before the act nf 1899 took effect. Is held
at the pleasure of the appointing power, name
ly the Governor, and that section 733 of the
Political Code does not apply to notaries pub
lic so appointed, but to those only who were
appointed after the act of 1599 took effect.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACETRACK, Thursday, Saptember 28, 1899.— Fifth
day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Clu~. Weather fine.
Track good.
FIGHTS THAT
DO NOT RUN
TO THE LIMIT
Four Bcuts at the San Fran
cisco Club That Are Gen
uine Fistic Battles.
There wasn't much "how-do-you-do"
and "glad-to-s'ee-you" about the four
i fights last night at the San Francisco
! Athletic Club. It was all hammer and
1 tongs from the clang of the gong, and the
crowd that packed the benches was duly
pleased.
The vent of the evening was an eight
round go between Eddie Toy and Charles
Vickers, 136 pounds. Both men lasted the
limit, and after a whirlwind affair of
punches and a bit of rough-and-tumble
Alec Greggains, who refereed all the
fights, gave the contest to Toy. Not a
moment was wasted in the eight rounds,
both pugilists working lists, arms and legs
as if iheir salvation depended upon an
excess of pugilistic effort. The decision,
which was a just one, was not well re
ceived by the house, and a storm of his.-,
followed it. .- .
The announced fight between Gassman
; and Johnson was declared off on account
■ of the non-appearance of both contest
! ants. In their place Arthur Granfleld and
■ Kid Mem mixed -themselves up for .-lx
rounds.. The contest was to be an eight
round affair, but Metn thought he had
! enough 't the end of the sixth, and as
Ihe "kick"'!" to " the referee about the
other two rounds Grcggains promptly
called the fight off and "gave it to Gran
field, the favorite and the pluckier list
worker. '
1 Jack MoMahon and Mike Molllss, both of
the San Francisco Athletic Club and 133
--pound fighters, then crossed mits and
treated the spectators to the most scien
tific battle of the night's entertainment.
McMahon's cleverness and experience
proved too big a wall for Molliss to scale,
and the third round saw the end of the
fight. MolliSß was on his way to the land
where Bleep reigns when Greggains
stepped in and called the Journey off.
"Mike" McClure and "Billy" Kennedy
made three rounds of swings and passes.
McClure was speedy of foot and fist, and
Kennedy tell up against the latter very
often. Three rounds of hard going satis
fled both referee and public, and the game
Was called with Me' 'lure under the wire.
I DON'T KNOW
LANDS HERE
ONCE AGAIN
Beat a Fast Eunch of Sprint-
ers at Oakland — Recre
ation Fortunate.
The horse I Don't Know, hero of half a |
hundred turf scandals, is racing here once j
more.- The bay son of Villard first made
the acquaintance ot local turf patrons at
the old Bay District track some five
years ago. At his first essay he was not
meant, for his rider, an elongated "hush"
jockey named Garrison, never gave the
sprinter his head. Next time out he "won j
a block" and horse, owner and Jockey
Garrison were ruled off the turf, which
edict sent the late lamented "King" Jlc-
Manus on the warpath. After a time I I
Don't Know was reinstated and next
bobbed up at Ingleside track. Again he
figured in a shady looking race, causing
Jockey Morse to be ruled off. Some
months later the same horse waa the
nvians of Starter Jim Ferguson engaging
in a war of words with his owner, Breed,
at Anaconda during the season of I»9S.
Yesterday the oduly named sprinter
started in the second event at Oakland,
and with Thorpe on his back was played
down from threes to 8 to 5 favoritism. He
acted like a real gentleman, winning clev
erly from the Spreckels entry, Monrovia.
Billy A, a 30 to 1 s.hot, fast as a ghost, led ;
until within less than a furlong from the <
plate, where he collapsed like a hot air j
balloon.
It was the best card yet presented at
Oakland, and the sport was above the
average. First choices were prime, bring- I
ing top market prices, and got home lirst
on four occasions.
The most fortunate purse-getter of the
afternoon was Recreation, winner of the
closing seven furlong run. A furlong from
the wire Thorpe looked hopelessly pock
eted, when suddenly the veteran saw a
streak of daylight and took a chance. He
wiggled through the crevasse and at the
wire led Opponent out a length. Nar
vaez, on the latter, used no .discretion
throughout the voyage. Manzanllla, a 60 i
to 1 shot, suddenly became imbued with
speed, running a spanking good race.
Pat Ryan's fast mare Afamada was-as
suredly the choice of the opening dash,
and backed to 9 to 20 favoritism experi
enced no difficulty in winning hands down ;
from Borrow, (iood Hope stopped unex
pectedly In the last act, finishing like a
gre< n stagehand.
The win of Jim Grant's prepossessing
two-year-old filly. Princess Zeika, in the
third" event was the most Impressive of
the day. Away last of her field. Jack I
Ward waited patently with her. gradually \
making up the ground lost, and making
bis run through the stretch passed the :
stand a handy winner over Ned Dennis.
the favorite. " Bamboulia, out in front:
two-thirds of the journey, stopped the last
hundred yards.
In the mile selling run Rosinante. the
jaunty mare from Jimmy Coffey's barn,
stepped around the elliptic to ragtime. The
ring only laid 2 to 7 about her. and that
Beemed liberal r-nough. She walked by
her company before tho stretch was
leached, winning eased up from Lost
Girl. Morinel downed Lodestar for the
<^how.
Track Notes.
Governor Smith of Montana and Tom
McTague, one of the wardens of the
penitentiary at Deer Lodge, in that State,
were spectators at the track yesterday.
Mr. McTague was owner of the mare Ma
rietta, which won a race at the Bay Dis
trict track some years ago at odds of
mo to 1.
The horses of Ed Corrigan passed Oak- j
land track on a special train Wednesday
nii',!it. In one of iho oars, which was left,
on a siding at Oakland. Wiis the Cam-*
bridge stable string, in charge of "Bill" j
Murray. Murray picked up Tenpins, |
a four-year-old mare by Tenny, while in 1
the ESast. He also lost by death his good
performer Rey de] Tlerra at Saratoga.
Billy A. which showed such a phenom
enal flight of speed in the dash won by
I Don't Know, was purchased by Dave
Fountain at Denver during the June
meeting held in that city. He is said to
be a maiden.
After the Recreation race Charley
Thorpe said it was seldom he took such
a chance, but could it resist it on that
occasion. Eddie Greaney, owner of Op
ponent, told Thorpe he was sorry he
changed his tactics.
Bookmaker "Hughey" Jones is the
latest arrival. He dropped in from St.
Louis yesterday, but his horses will not
be here for a week or so. Hughey made
several fair-sized "killings" on Sly, the
Racine mare, owned by Hanlon Bros.
Little "Jimmy" Walsh, who rode Afa
mada, left the maiden jockey class with
that mare's victory in the opening event.
He was in the employ of Nathan Lands
berg last winter, going to the post twenty
times without scoring a win. P. Ryan
has taken a fancy to the little chap, and
says he will place him aboard twenty
winners before the season is over.
Morinel promises to be as good as last
year. Mat Storn paid before the race
yesterday the mare had not stepped
a mile better than l:4. >. but he expected
her to make, a good showing at that. She
led the well-backed Lodestar out for
the show. ,
To-Day's Entries.
First race— Seven furlongs; selling; three
year-olds.
88 Somls 11l I 90 San "Augustine.". .111
55 Taruba 11l 77 Rio Chlco 11l
63 Stromo ml
Second race— Futurity course; two-year-old
fillies: maidens; purse.
75 Champion Rose.. 97 S7 Halifax 97
■ 'Allcen B 109 1 6S Purmayah 10C
75"Palapa 97 38 Mldlty 109
4 Miss Madeline... lo9 ..Red Cherry 112
Third race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward: selling.
85 Semper Leon 9S So Black Orphan.... 96
Co Grady ins 79 Assignee 11l
89 P A. Flnnegan.lo4 SO Spry Lark 108
SO Roarrtman 104 74 Correct 98
SO P. F V..:..104 .->
Fourth race— One mile; special; three-year
olds and upward.
M Twinkle T\vlnk..loo| 83 Alicia : 38
86 Meadow Lark 96 ; 83 McFarlane 104
83 Ping- 1001 ..Weasel 107
(83)Fortls 106 '
Fifth -race— One mile; purse; three-year-olds
and upward. .
88 Jennie Reid. .....101 88 Petal 88
83Oraibee 88 65 Rapido 102
(76) Snips 9 s 4S New Moon 98
Selections for To-Day.
Rirst race— Rio Chico. ■ Somls, Stromo. . v ;
Second Midity. Palapa, Miss Madeline.
•Third race— P. A. Finnegan, Assignee, PF.
Fourth race— Fortts, Twinkle Twlnk, Meadow
Lark. " .
Fifth race— Petal, New Moon, Jennie Reid.
OLD PUGILIST EXPIRES.
"Jim" Carr, a Well-Known Sporting
Man, Victim of Heart Trouble.
James Carr, better known as "Jim"
Carr, a saloon-keeper at the corner of
Suttcr street and Central avenue and at
one time a local pugilist, died at St.
Mary's Hospital yesterday afternoon of
heart disease. Carr was well known in
San Francisco as a sport, but was obliged
to retire from the ring on account of his
ailment. Since thftt time he had been
encased in the liquor business. He was
taken ill suddenly yesterday morning and
was at once taken to the hospital, where
he expired a few hours later. He was 42
years of age.
Dewey's Return Celebrated.
"Dewey's return home" was fittingly
celebrated at the Mechanics' Fair last
night. Irving M. Scott delivered an ad
dress descriptive of the battleships Ore
gon and Olympia, the latter being , the
flagship of Admiral Dewey. Mayor Phe
lan followed in a short speech, in which
he recounted the great naval victory of
Dewey in the battle of Manila Bay. There
was a large crowd present, and the patri
otic sentiments of. the speakers occa
sioned the wildest applause.
. ♦ ■ — — — ■
Gossip sometimes gains currency, but
it isn't the kind you can pay debts with.
ADVERTISEMENTS^
Fifty-Cent
INeclcties.
To be frank : you can buy neckties for 50c in a number of
stores here in' the city and the ties are as good as ours— the
prices of neckwear are universally the same.
But we offer one big advantage — it is in assortment. You
come in to buy a tie, we. show you box after box of ties, and
among them you will find something that suits you exactly.
You can always buy here with that assurance.
When it comes to underwear, there is where we sell at
lower prices than exclusive stores— but that's another story.
(ffteN.woop a co?@ j
\^fU^/ -71 a MARKET ST N^tO^X
Out-of-town orders filled — write us.
MADRONO TARES
THE PUCE OF
THE LIGHTSHIP
Vessels Will Now Be
Able to Find Port.
Shipowners and master mariners who
have been vigorously protesting for a week
past because Lightship 70 was brought In
f.ir repairs during the heaviest fog seen
on tliH*co»st this year are now appeased.
The lighthouse tender Madrono has taken
the place of the can buoy that marked
the place where the lightship was. and
will in future blow a blast of two seconds'
duration with a thirteen-second interval.
The Call was the frst to voice the pro
test of shipping men, and at the time
suggested that the Madrono be pent out
to till the lightship's place. The article
was sent East by Lighthouse Inspector
Sebree, and the result was instructions to
anchor the Madrono on the bar in the
lightship's place. The Madrono is painted
drab, with white upper works. At night,
besides the whistles, she will show two
white lights on her masthead.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
Curacao arrived from Mexican ports yes
terday. She was a day behind her sched
ul> time on account of the celebration of
Mexican independence at Santa Rosalia.
No work was done that day, so the vessel
had to wait for her cargo. A crew of
Mexican sailors for the new schooner
Alba, just completed at Benicia. came up
on the Curacao. Captain Edrulfo Pena
will command the new boat, and he and
his men will sail her to Mazatlan.
Among the steerage passengers was a
Miss Seen, who claimed to be a Japanese
but looked like a Chinese. She was
dressed in European clothes but could not
Bpeak English or Spanish. A Chinese who
happened to be on the wharf was brought
aboard the Curacao, and with him the
girl talked fluently in Chinese. Miss Seen
Dad in her possession a letter from Mins
Cameron of the Presbyterian Mission, but
it shed no light on the nationality of the
girl. Immigration Inspector de la Torre
decided not to-land Miss Seen until satis
fied as to her nationality.
The new steel shin Arthur Sewall, which
arrived from Philadelphia a few days ago,
is the only vessel in the United States
that has stationary topsail yards. This
does away with reefs, 'halyards, ties,
sheaves and blocks and effects a saving
of over $1000 a -ear in wear an.l tear. All
that requires to be done is to clew the
sails up, and that is the end of the mat
ter. Men along the front call it Captain
Murphy's patent, and the idea, being a
good one, is sure to be followed by all
shipowners who want to economize in the
working expenses of their ships.
A diver was down examining the hull
Of the Sewall yesterday. One uf the riv
ets has worked loose, and the vessel is
leaking a little.
The stern-wheel steamer Mary Ellen
Galvin is coming out of retirement at
Benicia. and will be sold at auction next
week on the water £ront. The steamer
was built for "I'ai" Galvin, one of the
Klondike millionaires, (luring the boom.
No expense was spared In fitting her out,
but when it cam' 1 to the trial trip the
steamer was not a success. Sho did not
develop the required speed, and when
m,. asured it was found she drew too much
water for the Yukon River. "Pat" Gal
vin refused to accept the vessel, and a
number of lawsuits followed. For months
the Mary Ellen Galvin was tied up at
various wharves along the front in charge
of a deputy Sheriff, and twice she broke
adrift during southeaster*. Finally she
was sent to Benicia about two years ago,
and has lain there ever since.
The British ship Earl of Dunmore sailed
for London yesterday with a general
cargo valued at nearly $400,000. The canned
fruit alone was worth $551,429, canned sal
mon $71,260, wine $10,1 it..". brandy $4730, and
barley $10,000.
The bark Mauna Ala, which arrived
from Honolulu Wednesday night, brought
up eleven ostriches for the ostrich farm
in Southern California. The birds behaved
well during the trip, but the sailors had
to keep well out of their reach. Every
thing' went Tvith Mr. Ostrich, from a
needle to a marlinspike. while a jack
knife was considered a delicacy. The
birds will be shipped south at once.
The steamer Coptic cannot carry all the
freight offering, and over 500 Chinese will
go home on her to celebrate the new year.
Chief Officer Frank Hart has sailed for
England to take command of one of the
White Star steamers.
Captain Gray of the Merchants' Tow
boat Company received a telegram from
Captain Thompson of the tug Rescue yes
terday, announcing that the derelict log
raft which broke away from the Czarina
some weeks ago had been found and
tow«d into Port Hartford.
The revenue cutter Richard Rush, Cap
tain Cushing, arrived in # the bay yester
day morning after a run of eleven days
from Dutch Harbor, Alaska.
Captain Cushing reports that when he
left Dutch Harbor the British steamer
Port Albert was there with a load of
horses on her way to Manila, and the
Portland, which wns also in the harbor,
was soon to leave for this city. The The
tis was to follow the latter vessel on the
16th of this month.
The crew of the Rush say they have had
a hard and disagreeable cruise and are
mighty glad to get home again.
HOSKIH'S FIGHT
PROVED FATAL
Died Without Regaining
Consciousness.
Special Disuatch to The CalL
GRASS VALLEY, Sept. 28.— Despite the
fact that everything in the range of
possibility was done to save the life of
Charles Hoskin, who received a fatal
blow in the contest last night with James
IVndergast, he died at 7 o'clock this
morning. From the very moment the
fatal blow wa« .-struck he never regained
consciousness. He had said to his wlf«
that this was to be his last fight, little
thinking of the untimely end that was to
be his lot.
The shocking tragedy has had a de
pressing effect on the whole community,
and was the sole topic of conversation to
day. No one suffered greater anguish
outside the immediate relatives than
Pendergast, whose fatal blow in
responsible for sending his victim to
eternity.
A post-mortem examination held late
this afternoon developed the fact that
blood clots two inches in diameter had
formed on each side of the head. Bruises
were also found on each side of th©
temple, one below the eye and one on the
back of tho head. The injuries were
caused by Hoskin's head striking the
floor, which was not properly padded.
Hoskin was 38 years of ace and a
native of this city. Penderg-ast has been
released on his own recognizance. Publia
sentiment is so wrought up that the City-
Trustees will meet Monday night and
pass an ordinance fixing the license at
JIOOO for future boxing contests, -which
will have the effect of suppressing- them.
Burglar Sentenced.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 28.— Carl Schliw
linger, a young German who started to
be a wholesale burglar some time agx> and
succeeded in successfully robbing about)
forty houses before he was finally cap*
tured. was sentenced to-day to five years*
imprisonment in San Quentin penitentiary.
Dependable Drugs
flow's
Your
Health?
If you need medicine, you need
fresh, active — dependable medicine
the only kind that can do good.
Our big business is the result of
selling dependable medicines at prices
people can afford to pay. '
Carter's Pills 15c
Mellin's Food — 55c
Castoria 25c
Piso Cough Cure 20c
Epsom's Salts — pound ioc
Glauber's Salts — pound ioc
Carter's Dyspepsia Tablets 40c
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets 40c
Renner's Malt Extract ? : 20c
Ayer's Hair Vigor 70c
Mermen's Powder 15c
Abbey's Salts ■ 20c, 40c, 85c
Cascarets 10c, 20c, 40c
Syrup of Figs 35c
Pond's Extract 40c
Obesity Goods |
We are the Pacific Goast agents for
Dr. EdisWs obesity goods— pills,
salts and bands. Write for 8 page
circular.
§ Ag\ 1128 Market St., S. F.
Cl." a p«[ rwmT) Tel. South 356
IP™ A Broadway (tel. main 30.) oakl«npSHE THOUGHT
HER HUSBAND
LOVED ANOTHER
Suicidal Act of Mrs.
Weissgerber.
ATTEMPTS TO END HER LIFE
WRITES A FAREWELL NOTE TO
HER LITTLE SON.
Sends a Bullet Into Her Breast Just
Before the Lad Reaches Home
on His Way From
School.
Mrs. Mnttio Welpsgerbo- aged 32 years,
Bhot herself with suicidal intent yesterday
at her resident :e, 104 Anderson street. Ber
nal Heights. She was removed to St.
Luke's Hospital -where she Is now lying,
with a good chance for recovery, her only
regret being that she did not make a bet
ter Job of It.
Jealousy was the motive for the suicide.
Mrs. Weissgerber is the wife of Louis
"Weissgerber. a Third street bartender,
and her belief that her husband cared
more for another than herself led her to
MRS. MATTIE WEISSGERBER.
LOUIS WETSSGERBF.R'S continued absence from home led his wife to
suspect that he preferred the society of another. Yesterday, becoming
convinced that her suspicions were correct, she shot herself with suicidal
Intent.
f-^ek rest for an aching heart In death.
For some time past, according to the story
toid by Mrs. Weissgerber a short time
■ her attempt* *1 death, her husband,
who works at night and gets through at
7 o'clock each morning, has not been corn
ing horn- till afternoon. Wednesday he
diii not put in an appearance at all. Tes
•. morning Mr.-. Weissgerber called
■ B o'clock nt th»- saloon where ho is
employed. She inquired from the Chinese
porter concerning her husband's where-
i a and the Celestial asked who she
was.
"I'm his wife," she replied.
•Hi- wife," exclaimed the Chinese.
"Why. he's got another woman. She
Bee him every night."
This statement confirmed the suspicion
Mr?. Weissgerber had previously
■ •!, and she Started home. Just be
fore she reached there she stopped at the
y of E. Wackenrueder, 36 Wool
• and telephoned to a Mrs. I'lifford
ted to talk again with her
■ me at noon. Mrs. Weiss
: then turned to Wackenretider and
Im her troubl* , She ri -
: the conversation she bad had with
hinese porter. She burst Into I
luring the recital of her
She left Wackenreuder's place at
: i'cloi k. and th<- grocer did not sue
pain until a few minutes after \'l
o'clock, when he was informed that she
had Bhot herself.
Mrs. Weissgerber made considerable
preparation for death, judging from the i
of th'- premises when the po- j
lice arrived. In the parlor were found the
of her husband's photograph
bits of the frame that had contained
it, evidently tranipU-d underfoot by the
woman. The following note, in her wnt-
i 1 Itr.1 tr . was found on a lounge:
Alfry: Don't love Louie. He has got another
•woman. My <i*ar son. I have suffered enough.
If I die, think of mamma— how she loved you
and home. Go to Dad Bishop and tell him I
em heartbroken. Ix.ule i.« leaving me without
i-.i-.-ri 1 can't do anything wrong. Give
my love to Lisxie Jorey ani . Tell
them i all. Alfey. don't k<> with i
He is n.> Rood. Go 1
With love, MAMMA.
The Alfty referred to in the note is I
the woman's 9-year-old son, and at th» i
time she was writing it he was at tne
I Primary School, a few blocks j
away. The mother waited until the dock j
pointed to the noon recess, then placing
a n-voiv. r to !n-r left breast pulled tne
r. Sh- staggered out Into the hall
waj and managed to open the front door
jusi as her boy came up th<- steps. She
(al'erl to him and he ran to her arms. She
kip*"'! him passionately and fell, her he*a
sinking on a bag of grain sent to tne
house for the chickens.
The report of the revolver alarmed the ;
neighborhood, and it soon became known
that Mrs. Weissgerber bad shot herselt. I
Her boy ran to the nearest t'-l'-phone and :
mnection with St. Luke's Hospital.
Dr H- '■■ Shaw hurried to the wnman'a
and was busily engaged stanching
thi- flow of Moo*! when the patrol wagon
from the Seventeenth-street station drove
up with Sergeant Blank and Officer l.y
"Tm sorry I mad-- a poor job of it," wan ;
: I] Mrs. Weissgerber said.
was removed to St. Lake's Hos- !
■ tal, where it was found by Dr. Shaw
• the wound was not as dangerous
flGrst supposed. The bullet had en
the left breast, but Instead of pene
- one of the spaces between the
d struck a rib and passed around.
found last night under the skin
li-ft side and cut out, and Mrs.
Weissg< i ber is in no danger of dying from
wound.
CHINESE PORTUGUESE.
The Fact of Citizenship Does Not Re- I
lieve Them From the Exclu
sion Act.
Wong Lung Sing, a Chinese subject of
tii> kingdi m of Portugal, has been
ordered deported by I'nited States Com- j
missioner James of San Jose, and has
taken an appeal to the Secretary of the j
Treasury. Assistant I'nited States Din- i
trlci Attorney Banning argued the case!
the Commissioner on behalf of the
rnment, and quoted a case In which
a. subject of the British Empire had been
ordered deported because life was of the
Chinese race. Mr. Banning believes that'
Sing will go borne, notwithstanding his
allegiance to the Government of Portugal.
Red Men's Minstrelsy.
Altahmos Tribe of the Improved Order J
of Red Men gave a high class entertain- j
incnt last night in Techau Hall. It was
witnessed by a large number of people,
who wore entertained with a fine pro
gramme of varied numbers.
INGENUITY OF
HARRY COOPER
IS REMARKABLE
Wonderful System of
Communication.
A PUZZLING CIPHER CODE
HOW CONVICTS PLOTTED MUR
DER BETORE THEIR VICTIMS.
Incorrigibles Passed Notes and
Talked Freely, Notwithstanding
They Were in Solitary
Confinement.
When the full details of the plrrt of Vie
two convicts confined in the incorrigible
cells at San Quentin Prison, by which
they expected to murder a number ol
guards and make their escape, as told
exclusively In yesterday's Call, are known
the hideous side of the conspiracy is al
most lost sight of in wonder at the in
genuity displayed by the prisoners in com
municating with one another and the per
fection of the system adopted, by which
they were able to talk of butchering a
man in his very presence without creating
any apprehension that anything was
going wrong.
Warden Agulrre has succeeded In break-
Ing "Sir" Harry Cooper's spirit so thor
oughly that the prisoner, reticent as an
j oyster prior to his acquaintance with the
I straitjacket, now seems to be eager to see
for himself if a free confession is not good
for the body as well as the soul. Cooper
\ has even shown how he and Morrell man
! aged to write notes and pass them from
j one cell to another, a feat by no means
the least of those performed by the in
; mates of the incorrigible ward In arrang
ing their dastardly plans.
Some time ago Convict Bullock asked
Warden Aguirre for a slate and pencil and
a work on arithmetic. Baying that he
desired to widen his knowledge along
In the far-simile of "Sir" Harry Cooper's
tiphf-r code Riven above the number of a
letter !:■ determined by Its position. The
first figure of the nutnlxr is the one at tne
left of the line on whl<*h it is placed, and
th<» F.-mr.d the figure at the top of the col
| nmn In thil wi-y H would l>e V,, O w>,uld be
34 an'i A would b<> 11. liy the emission of
i J the rode would be a puzzler to anyh ■■ ly
unfamiliar with the particular cipher used,
and a perfect square could he formed, mak
ing th» key easy of comprehension. In
order to express a w..rd In which J would
occur the convicts w^uld either use a syno
nym or a circumlocution, in referring to
Guard Jones the number 25, standing alone,
wa." always used.
mathi matlcnl lines. Relieving that a slate
; could be broken and used for a purpose
detrimental to discipline, the Warden
gave him the stub of a lead pencil and a
few sheets of paper instead. Cooper ac
quired a small pi«-ce of pencil and some
paper on th«* pretense of amusing himself
by writing v^rse. These pencils and paper
were used in communicating with one. an
other.
In passing the notes from one cell to
another the convicts chose a time when
'■ no guard was in the vicinity, and attach
| ing a weight to the note to be passed, tied
B string to the bundle and swung it back
and forth until the momentum would < :<r
ry the package in front of the next cell.
The inmate would re,ach through the bars
and catch it. only to send It on to the
man for whom it was Intended In the
same way. It is needless to add that
these men will be permitted no more pen
cils or paper In order to repeat their per
formance. Warden Aguirre is of humane
mind and desirous of treating the "incor
! rigibles" as well as he can, in view of
their fate being hard at the best, but he
: says now that he knows when he "gets
| too much of a good thing."
The cipher code invented by Cooper is
not only simple in the extreme, but by
the expedient of dropping one letter out
of the alphabet is made practically Greek
;to the uninitiated. The key to the code
is arranged in the form of a square, mak
j ing it possible for a mm to lay it before
\ him and in a short time to converse fiu
j ently with anybody familiar with the
I code.
"There Is only one objection I have to
this conspiracy becoming public prop
erty," said Warden Agulrre yesterday.
"and that is that when the large body of
I convicts become acquainted with the de
tails of the affair there is always a ten
dency on their part to glorify the prison
ers in the incorrigible cell as martyrs One
good effect of publicity, however, will be
to show those humanitarians who have
been making a howl about the incorrigible
ward on account of the misrepresenta
tions inserted in several of the city papers
that wo know here a good deal more
about dealing with such hardened char
acters than anybody else possibly can."
Director Wilklns asserts that if the pub
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FHIDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1899.
FORMAL OPENING OF THE FESTIVAL
IN AID OF THE YOUTHS' DIRECTORY
5 r~pHE grand festival in aid of the
Youths' Directory was formally
opened last night in Armory HaU
I X on Market street, near Tenth. The
| hall presented a picturesque appear
\ ance with the beautifully decorated
i booths on either side, and a large
5 crowd gathered to assist in launching
► the worthy project, which has for Its
5 object the care and education of the
i homeless boys of this city.
5 On an improvised stage, -which had
\ been tastefully covered with American
5 flags, sat the members of the- executive
► committee, which has worked untlr
? ingly to insure the success of the fair.
► Thomas R. Bannerman Introduced the
? chairman of the general committee,
I James H. Kelly, who stated that there
was a debt of $35,000 on the new direc
\ tory edifice recently built at the cor
► ner of Angelica and Nineteenth
', streets, and the object of the fair is
lie only appreciated how much itmro le
'■■ niently the prisoners in the incorrigible
: cells are now treated than they were
under the original plans adopted by ex-
Warden Hale and approved by the Prison
i Directors the devilish character of the
inmates and their persistent attempts at
j murder and disorder would never be
looked at from the sentimental side.
WILL MAKE NO CHANGES.
The Board of Harbor Commissioners
met in special session yesterday after
noon to consider the proposal to change
t ; lt . specifications for the construction of
the Main street ferry slip by substituting
wooden stave cylinders for steel cylln
' ders. The board was inclined to ignore
the protest of the. unsuccessful biiMrrs
and order the change, as it was shown
that by so doing a saving of $1200 would
be made to the State, and ex-Governor
, Budd. counsel for the board, who was
-, ■ Bent, advised the Commissioners that
they had ample authority for such action.
; However, in view of the fact that the
Santa Fe is anxious to have the slip com
pleted by the first of the year, whi^h
1 would be impossible if the board should
be me involved in litigation over the
I matter, the board decided not to make th<»
change at the same time placing Itself I
j on record as approving the recommenda
tion of Chief Engineer Holmes.
rTfTsTnro"o - ins mnrstnnnnrs ■oTnroTfH' mnmnrY"^
t° JLPJL9JLaJL°JL9JL£.OJLOJI JL^^
|| FEATURES SO FAR SELECTED FOR »3
1 Next 1 '
«5 I nI i c°
U3 mOrl I INCLUDE/ gH
I The Hermit of |
„ EL Superstition Mountain M H
"Read" WITH THE NIGHT :~Rea7~
Sund g? MAIL-COLLECTORS i B "" da y' 8
V™"' | A Sunday Call Woman Tries It for a Night. * 1 ' 1
g2 The Ebell Exhibition of £3
B American Colonists* Rats, gs
i| THE STRANGE HOUSE j§j
|i| OAKLAND EGOIST. gi
ip ImDroved Business p
"Ea Imoroved Business B
;»« in San Francisco, j°°j
|| TWO REMARKABLE SHIPWRECKS j||
)oo( < >oc<
too( ...FICTION. FASHION... too<
g°j ....HOUSEHOLD PACE.... g°S
U3 MANY OTHER STRONG FEATURES £3
jo mnnnnf^nnnnnf Tfonnnnro'oTnnrjro' ot
VJI, AJJJLJLSJLJLJLHJLJUI JUL°JLPJI iLOJUUI.JIiLPJLSULa.JU
to raise sufficient money to pay part
of the debt of the future home of the
city's neglected boys.
Mayor Phelan then delivered the ad
dress of the evening and spoke of the
necessity of supporting such institu
tions as the one over which Father
Crowley presides. He/.ook occasion to
pay a glowing tribute to the latter's
self-sacrificing devotion in the cause to
which he had consecrated his best en
ergies. He concluded by advising his
hearers to contribute generously to
t!;. movement and advised them not to
let the "dollar limit" influence them
In their charitable inclinations.
Mi?>- Daisy Keane sang a solo,
■which earned an encore, and the fair
■was then declared opened by Father
< !rowley.
TWENTY-NiNTH
IS COMING IN
FROM ATLANTA
Second Battalion Now
in Camp.
The Second Battalion of the Twenty
ninth Infantry, with the headquarters
and band, arrived at the Presidio yester
day. There were Companies E, F. <; ami
H. The battalion is under command of
Lieutenant Colonel H. 11. Sargent, its own
commanding officer. Major Hawthorne,
being already in the Philippines. Two
more companies, A and C, arrived last
evening under command of Major Case,
but tbev came too late to reach the camp.
There are sixteen booths in all, and
many costly articles have been placed
on sale. These will be raffled off in
most instances, and some will be sold
outright. Among the articles axe a
fine upright piano, a stove, two fine
greyhounds and other things useful as
well as ornamental.
The contest for two scholarships in
the leading business colleges has al
ready begun to attract considerable
attention. These prizes are open to
all. and will be decided by popular
vote. There will also "be a contest for
the most popular physician at the
trained nurses' booth, and the lucky
medico will receive a valuable clock.
This evening the festival band will
play several selections", and there will
be vocal solos by C. Thompson and
Miss Kittle Black.
The remainder of the regiment is coming
by way of New Orleans, and so it will be
at least a day behind that portion already
here, which came by the more direct
route.
The Twenty-ninth was recruited in the
Southern States and rendezvoused at Fort
McPherson, near Atlanta. It is com
manded by Colonel B. E. Hardin. It has
had seme target practice, but not very
I much, and the two weeks it will spend
bi r Will be put in mostly at the ranges.
Word has u-en received that the i wen-
I ty-c-iglun Regiment started from >'ort !
Mt-itae, Pennsylvania, on the 25th inst.
on its way out here. It will arrive early '
; next week.
There has been no change in the small
pox situation since Wednesday. Larra
be< . the man of the South Dakota Ke^gi- ;
ment, who is isolated at the general hos- i
pital. has developed no further symptoms j
of the disease, but the surgeons are un- ;
willing to semi him out to tne quarantine
hospital until there is no doubt of his :
I case.
Promotions have come to several mem
bera of the Montana regiment. Second
i Lieutenant James M. Croft has been made
a first lieutenant and battalion adjutant;
Second Lieutenant Joseph Crosby baa re
ceived a similar promotion; First Lieu
tenant Samuel Hilburn has been made a '
captain; Second Lieutenant Miles Ken
nedy has been made a first lieutenant; i
Sergeant Charles Wissage. Sergeant A. j
AY. Sweeny and Corporal King have been
made second lieutenants.
Captabl George G. Bailey, assisant quar- '
termaster of volunteers, has been assigned
to duty on the transport City of Para as
Quartermaster and commissary.
Acting Assistant Surgeon John H. Mit
nick has been relieved from duty un the
transport Sheridan and has been assigned j
to the transport Nelson.
The following officers have been relieved :
from duty with the recruits at the Pre
stdio and have been ordered to Manila
by th»- transport Nelson: Second Lieuten- !
ant Charles L. Ballard. Eleventh Cavalry,
I*. S. V. ; Second Lieutenant Arthur P.
Watts. Fouth Infantry; Second Lieuten
ant Willis P. Colemanr Ninth Infantry;
Second Lieutenant Richmond Smith, i
Twelfth Infantry: Second Lieutenant Dv- |
pont B. Lyon. Sixteenth Infantry; Second i
Lieutenant Henry M. Rankhead. Twen- I
tieth Infantry: Second Lieutenant Eli L. ;
Admire. Twenty-second Infantry; Second '
Lieutenant Austin A. Parker." Twenty- !
fourth Infantry; Second Lieutenant James :
N. Petty. Thirty-sixth Infantry. T\ S. V. ;
Second Lieutenant John T. Fuller. Thir
ty-seventh Infantry, V. P. V. ; Second j
Lieutenant Reuben V. Baskette. Thirty
seventh Infantry, I*. S. V.
Captain James H. Frier. Seventeenth
Infantry, has been assigned to duty with
the recruits at the Presidio pending his
assignment to Manila.
MONTANA AT ORPHEUM.
It was Montana night at the Orpheum
last evening and the audience was en
livened by the presence of two or three
hundred of the men from the mining re
gions. They were liberal with their ap
plause, and the enthusiasm they showed
became contagious after a while and put
vigor to the applause of the casual thea
tergoer. The height of the enthusiasm
was reached when ■ the band began a
medley of patriotic airs. There were cheers
and yells as the musicians ran the gamut
from "Yankee Doodle" to "Dixie." and
then at the "Star Spangled Banner" every
one gave a shout,, and then the people
rose to their feet and stood in silence
while the grand old tune . was being
played. Then the cheers started again,
nor did they cease until the programme
proceeded. _^_^___^^^____
SAWDUST AND
PEANUTS AND
A WHOOL-LA!
Three rings and a platform, not count
ing the "in betweens" — the embarrass
ment of riches, but rivet your intelligence
on the hither ring and you will see enough
to realize that the habit of long prayer
and a well-stocked liniment chest are
fit preparation for a circus life. The lini
ments are looked to, but the remedies do
not "insist upon their diseases." Bruise
and break are foolish acts of unwisdom.
The champion female equestrian and all
the lesser ones leap gayly on their horses
and ballasted with red or pink or white
fluffiness ride recklessly over, under or
through any difficulty, at any angle, at
any speed— nothing interrupts their in
tentions or interferes with their profes
sional manner. The crack of the ring
master's whip or the crack of doom— it
is all one. Between their acts you will
find them seated in the big dressing-room
amid a bewilderment of sawdust and
spangles, doing dainty silken embroidery
THE EMPOILIUM.
?£**¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥
* Free demonstration of the wonderful Veiox Paper in our Cam- . J
* era Department daily from 12 to sp. m. Bring your best nega- *
* tive to-day and we will present you with a print on *
J the extra heavy Velox which requires no mounting. +
*=_ * J
J etc odorless, 'P^ Ool«tefll!f£uB£ ftaxa.au*. ™ any q uantit «
* 25c. CAUFQRntAS UQCEST-AMERICAS CfiAnDEST per lb s°'5 °' J
J /f ALI-DAY *J9-^' %
» // ssp£c/al Sales—' //
I Sale of Baby Ribbons. |
*We offer to-day 3000 pieces Baby Ribbons, PLc^/^jLg, ♦
» slightly damaged by water in transit; it is all e£^|^&S£fev *
<fk silk, of good quality, in choice assortment of color- cf^^^^igl^o
* ings, among which are pinks, blues, cardinal, ni!e, ~^~^~^& tL 51
* purple, yellow, orange, heliotrope, white, cream, navy x^j 2
* and black — sold only in 10-yard pieces. 4sEi2*3 .<---C^^ 5
» 1800 pieces No. 1 Satin Ribbon — if perfect, 15? a p^
* piece— to be sold at .....7o ,^^r rt = ''M «
2 1100 pieces No. lw Satin Ribbon— if perfect, 25c a <^SF/"| J^ ?
J piece— to b 3 sold at 9o S^^%^T^T *
#i 600 pieces No. 2 Satin Ribbon — value if perfect, 30s a igl-JEr — ♦
Ik piece — to be sold for- 12c *° 5 V s5 I! aaS ::!a< «* Bte "* ' ', ♦
; Sale of Table Damasks. %
* For this day only we place on sale a large lot of fine quality Table £
J Damask Remnants and Pattern Table Cloths. These are for the <*
£ most part bleached damask, and range in valus from 65c to $2.00 a yard. The *
* special prices in many cases are far less than they were appraised for by the J
* customs officers. Among them are many pieces of high-gra^e satin Damasks at J
* the prices generally paid for ordinary goods — length? ringe from 2to yards.
J ; ===== " *
•$5 and $6 k "° rt ;\2sc Collars, ™» j 3 th « *
I Pants, $2.90. ?»",£ To-Day 7c. &&l< ! 5
* still complete in tha ! the imported German 23c Collars at 7c J
J balance of our great iHfllMlJjM each /v the . *
» pants purchase from IJt]"^ are the eel- >v^ *
•T :, .i i ijt if ill li eb r a te d £\i\ R JJ3^^t w*
* the stock of Wm, || , U li Kaiser N^^,-;^* I *^^ 2
* Cregir, 14 Sansome 9I \ fflj brand, made / Tfer -A <t
street, who is retir- lA I M/ of the best «|^^^aisl^l •' I *
r^ ing from business — 'I 1 fry, linen from /jff*"~ 'T^ ' ~*r' «
* well-made, perfect- I \'^f one of Ger- kL ">W: J
2 fitting trousers, hand- 1 [' manys most VVlpi-JIA ♦
* Ptnped effects for = : Hi u^^> |
* fail and whter made I or inarv collars, all staple shapes and «
Jto retail for $o ani / siz23 _f or this day onl- *
{$6 per pair-on spe- ■&} \\\ \ •• each 7o ,- 4 for 25g i
J cisl sale to-day and C 2*"* I J ♦
* Saturday - 1 Undermuslin I****. four %
1* 9£oW „ _ bargains in J
* — %»pCCI3iSm the Undermuslin De- J
a ff^M^Sih'etn To- -lav only we offer partment, on the second floor, for this
J. H,USn>On gome 'broken lines of dry only: • ' : ."V,"'*|
* mSttgUSSFCS pretty C .shion Coy- Ladies' Chemise, all lawn, with lace trim- <f>
|» mm -- n . ers, on ; one or two i ming— spec ; at 750 *
«> n3tt Price* o f a kin!, an d several Batiste Corsets, ah sizes, regularly $1.25 J
* to be di-.continu-d lines, many of them J e-.oh— special at 750 *
* with backs to match, cushion tops th it Children's G''f Capes, regularly $4.50
J sell regularly f-om 15c to 75c each—at each— special at.. - $3mOO
» Half Marked Price. yok^ e orate iy trimmed' with Va- %
£ _ — : ~" lerciennes lace, pries always $2.50 "#
a |W/f//»«ig»«««# om * splendid values e aci— a ., extra bargain for to-day ■*
* *J*JLl~iJ f>rthi3dayonl> ' : only at * $LSO ♦
#, SpeCS/atS. All-siik velvet civ- J
*> ■ - er^d frames, ready {or t immhj— on ConthSPtStiOßt Ladi - S> heavy J
* . special pale to•d^y at $2.50 <»•-*_, OO a fleece-lined J
* Silk Chenille Hair Netting, 10 inches wide &B£Ml&, iSjSCm cotton Combina- J
* — on special sale to-day, per yard.fi^C 'ion Suit, buttoned across shoulders,
T Ladies' Fine Felt Fedoras, Kncx's new Oneita style, patent finished seams, colors
& block— brown, castor, n»vy or black — ecru and natural, regularly 53c — on sp?- <#
A on special sale to-day at §2.50 cial sale lor to-day only, the suit.. 3'dO <*
■ ■■■■ —
on the whitest linen just to pass the
time. Eh. what? That's what I said. The
women are more daring than the men,
even though they don't turn double som
ersaults over animal pyramids and rough
ride like mad to prove the posters. The
midair marvels hold the audience ab
sorbed and silent, for they are hair
breadth capers and "a breath may mar."
How coquettishly one woman tlecks a bit
Of nothing from a sister leg as though
hanging by a single toe seventy feet
above being rescued were not absorbing
all her felicities! Clowns are so plenty
that they have but a sorry chance tor
favor, arid divide the honors of the plat
form with trained pigs and boxers and
jugglers and a minstrel show. But the
chariot race is the climax. The mantles
of all the great Olympians fall upon the
shoulders of him and her as they dash
around the hippodrome, and you half ex
pect to see Caesar in the box of honor.
The real stars are the horses— they are
beauties— and the elephants. The little
fellow, in his unseemly struggle for prom
inence and peanuts gives Jumboo a peck
of trouble and the audience a heap of
Only the very young and in heart
can have entire faith in sideshow posters,
and O the pity of it! The poster man
who cannot outpaint facts is no artist.
Fac-simile reproduction is crude and
lacks a sense of opportunity. The man in
question has not done himself much too
proud, and what is gaudily established
as improbability becomes almost true.
Tf haply the snakes are fangless. who
cares' ' Whoop-la! Here's to sawdust
*"* P<?anUt CHARLOTTE THOMPSON.
THE GENSS CONCERT
WAS WELL ATTENDED
A large audience attended the soner re
cital of Hermann Genss at Sherman-Cay
Hall last evening. The gentleman, who in
troduced himself to the music lovers of
this city as an excellent pianist, did not
duplicate his former successes, for as a
vocalist he is certainly not entitled to the
same praise. That Mr. Genss is a thor
ough musician he has demonstrated to the
satisfaction of all those who have heard
him. but that he does not know that he
lacks a sufficiently resonant . and firm
barytone is indeed surprising. Mr. Gc-nas
carries testimonials with him which pro
nounce him an efficient vocalist, and It
may be that in his day he was exceedingly
satisfactory. It is, however, equally true
that to-day he does not possess those
qualities which would make him a
prominent concert soloist: His voice lacks
color above all things. It Is true he uses
great care in interpretation and his pro
nunciation is splendid, but whether or not
it is a result of the excitement and worry
connected with every first appearance,
there were occasions when his attack was
not sure.
It is a painful and at the same time a
disagreeable task to be obliged to tell
these things to an experienced musician,
but Mr. Gcnss himself knows these as
sertions are based upon facts. As a
pianist he stands in the front rank, but
as a vocalist he does not give satisfaction.
Mr. Genss was assisted by Miss Margaret
Bruntsch, who possesses a splendid voice,
and Mrs. Strelltz-Uavis.
ALFRED METZGER.
To Lecture in Three Languages
The Hellenic Mutual Benevolent Society
has a treat in store for their friends on
Friday, the 29th. Peter G. Attias. the
celebrated Greek explorer. Is going to lec
ture for them. Mr. Attias is traveling
around the world on foot for a wager of
$25,000 offered by the London Sporting
Club, providing Mr. Attias completes his
task in three years.
Mr. Attias represents the London, Cairo
and Havre Geographical societies. He
was also the head of Prince Zamorum's
famous African expeditions In '&3 and '95.
The lecture to-night, for the ben
efit of the different nationalities, will be
divided into three parts, each part deliv
ered in a different language. As Mr. At
tias is n^ster of twelve languages this
Is not a difficult feat.
THE EMPORIUM.
ST. BRENDAN'S FAIR
IS IN FULL SWING
i
■ LADIES OF THE PARISH PAID
; MANY COMPLIMENTS.
Father Wyman Delivers the Opening
; Address and Takes Occasion to
Review the Labors of
Father Nugent.
The fair in aid of a fund to lift the
1 street improvement debt for St. Brendan's
! Church was opened last night at St. Bren
dan's Hall. Fremont and Harrison streets,
, and the ladies of the parish had occasion.
i I to feel well satisfied before the night was
j over that their efforts for success were
i freely appreciated. The hall, with its gay
; booths, its whei 1 of fortune and its fount
ains nf cooling drinks, was as pretty as a
I picture even before the doers were opened,
j and when th>- early crow«V« began to pour
j in its beaVy grew.
The pretties! and eleven^ girls in the
j parish were everywhere, aiding and abet
! ting their mothers In the laudable assault
jon the visiting pocketoook. They sold
everything and chances on everything,
j from popcorn to a kiss at the bit of blar-
I ney stone that is bound to prove a star
attraction of the fair. It is a chip off the
I old rock, and can be depended upon to
loosen tongues as painlessly as the ladies
of the fair loosen purse strings.
The formal exercises attending the open
ing were brief. Shortly after 8 o'clock
Father Nugent introduced Father Wyman
I of old St. Mary's, who had been invited to
' deliver the address of the evening. The
! eloquent Paulist was greeted with ap-
I plause.
"It seems to me." he said, after a few
I preliminary remarks, "that Father Nu
! gent is worthy of especial honor because
he is the only partor of a church in this
part of the city who is the founder of his
parish."
The parishioners thought so too. and
i they proceeded to testily to the sentiment
with applause. Father Wyman reviewed
! the history of the parish and told how it
! had grown, with a church and a parochial
residence, free of debt, and a school al
i most free, under the nourishing hand of
the pastor. He called upon all to aid the
fair, which was then declared formally
opened; and if the first night is any mdi.
. cation it will be a great success. The la
j dies in charge of the booths are:
St. Brendan's Booth— Colors, yellow and
white: Mrs. Melnhill. Mrs. I". J. KPlly, Mrs.
Eislnghour, Mrs. Godfrey, Mrs. R.-id, Miss
i Flaherty. Dora Greely and the Misses Mary,
■ Grace. Nellie and Bertha Mclnhill.
! Choir Booth— Color, white: Mrs. L. F. Bum-
Ste&d, Mrs. George Turner, Mrs. Harry Scott,
, Mrs. Rope O'Brien, the UtMea M. Irf-nnon, M.
i Rock Grace Sweeney, Mary Britt, Delia Burns,
Mary Kil-y an,! Annie Oliff.
Children of Mary Booth— Color, pale blue:
Miss Mary McCarthy, Miss Prince. Miss Lo
j retta Ryder. Miss Florence Kelly. Miss 8. Pul
j livan. Miss Genevteve Harrison and other mem
! bers of the sodality.
' League of the Crosa Booth— Colors, blue and
'■ whitn: Miss Mamie Powers, Mrs. Berpevin,
I Mrs. Telfer Mrs. Dupan. Mrs. Abramson and
Mrs. Cribbln.
Candy. Ire Cream, Soda and Ci^ar Booth-
Mrs. Brennan. Mrs. Hart, Miss Laurhent and
Miss Bronnan.
St Patrick's Booth— Mrs. Sieelns. Mrs. Hen
nessy. Mrs. Furlong. Miss MeQueeny, Miss
Golvin.
Sacred Heart Booth— Mrs. Hogan, Mrs.
AVnish. Mrs. Ryan. Mrs. Kavanauph. Mrs.
Renehsn, M:ss Kitty Daly, Miss Sexton. Mrs.
Bassacnano. Miss IWnheim. Miss A. Kavan
aufrh, Mrs. MrPherry. Mifs Annie Madden. Miss
Miller, Miss Burn?. Miss Murphy, Miss Brooks.
Salmon Fishers Arrested
The State law prohibits the takinpr of
salmon between September 10 and Octo
ber 10. in order to allow these fish to go
up the rivers to the spawning grounds.
Otherwise ihey would not be able to get
past the fishermen's nets, so numerous
would the obstructions be In the upper
hay and rivers. However, a number of
lawless fishermen are determined to fish
and some have come to grief. Two days
ago one of the latter was arrested for
having salmon In his possession, and yes
terday Deputy John Davis arrested Sal
vador'e Rappo for the same offen6e at the
mouth of Pelican slough. He was taken
to Suisun for trial.
56
•FRIDAY SEPTEMBER 29, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to '.V. S. LE.AKE, Manager.
(CATION OF!-!. /Aarket end Third St*.. S. F
Telephone Main 1888.
LDITORIAL ROOMS £17 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main ltU.
DELIVERED BT CARRIERS^ 15 CXKTS PER WEEK.
F'nele Copies. 5 cents.
Terms by Mall. InciudJns Postage:
•' PAII.Y CALL, (Including Sunday Ca!l). one year *" "y
•• DAILY CALL <!nc!u.:ir>e Sunday Call). « nseotln 3.00
.. DAILY CALL <!r.c:i:.i'.r.K- Sunday Caii), 1 truths .... if
I>AILT CALL— Ey i?!r.g!s Month "}??
» t>ay CALL One Year '•'"
: WEEKXiT CALL One Ye~r *'""
All poj-trna-uiE are aetbortzed to r-eetv; -?-!ptioas.
Sample copies will to .'c u6ed when r : quest «*-
OAKLAND OFFICE ..: 903 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
'. Manager Forci£= Advcrtisinfi, Marquette Baildlnft,
■)£<>.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT 1
C. C. CARLTO ....Herald Squar€
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE!
PERRY LUKENS JR - 29 Tribune Buildta*
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
EhernMLa House ; P. O. News Co.; Great NwrUern Ifc»««il
. . IPretaont Houee; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEW 6 STANDS.
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Erentano, a Cnloa Bquaj-a",
Hum.? Hill HoteL
-. WASHINGTON (D. C.l OFFICE Wellington Hotel
J. L. ENGLISH, Correspondent-
BRANCH OFFFCES-527 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
.-. open until 9:30 o'clocK. 202 Hayes street. OD«n until
■ : 533 o'clock- 633 McAllister street, open until 9:30
c'clocK- 615 LarKin street open until 9:30 o'clocK
iS4l Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 22 1 -" WarKet
ttreet. corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 109«
Vclmcla street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
ttreet. open until 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock
AKIUSFTiTF.NTS.
Or^h»i:m —^^'auii^ville.
I
• '. . Columbia— "Marie Antoinette."
Alcazar— "The Idler."
Grand Opera-house— "The Drum Major's Daughter."
: .\ California Theater— "A Yenuine Yentleman," Sunday. Oc-
•- tober 1.
Chutes. 2tx> ani Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
• evening.
OSympia, corner Mason and Ellis Specialties
tSutro Eaths— rjvrimrr.ins Races, etc.
Circus— Sixtt-onth and Kolsorn streets.
Mechanics' Pavili&n— Mechanics' Fair and Philippine Ex-
Oak!and Racetrack— Races to-day.
Excur?! n— To gar.ta Cruz. Sunday. October 1.
AUCTION SALES.
By Haston. Eldriflee fc Co. — Tu-sday, October 3. at 11
o'clock. Real Kstat 1 ?. at 62S Market street. - -• ,
DEMOCRATIC IMPERIALISTS.
\ ji R WELL of th<
re to the ] >emo
* * • ng He ac
-ances of
;ire? "it is a
• . - .. .- ■ - ---c Demo
tor Hoar
•
the journey
.cave the standpoint
rgan, Wheeler, Watterson,
Few York
rine?
::. the
"The Repub
je the con
it will not be per
■ ent into a mere mill
■
■1 at home." Which
an opinion of
arty by Democratic
tl, one of the olde-t
•• organs o Is, ay:
. as the war ended,
estai sh a state or
ng a good harbor and coal
it not be a great work, worthy
• eaker people
Etui thi • pendent si
: - üblican who
is mind >ns of his party
and v.". the institutions ■ ntry.
:is are concerned The
. in possession of evidence
them opposing the accept
the principles of the Ostend
' Lines Buchanan, John Y. Mason
and Pi it to be a doctrine of the
that might makes right.
\\'c ; thoughtful articles
by Mr editor of the El Dorado Repub
paper of our party in the foothills,
nting the views of lion. Frank
State Senator from the San
What theso gentlemen and scores of
■1 and thinking expresses the wide
the Republican party. These
: . They see bnperial
:an papers like the Portland Oregonian
ratic papers like the New York
Jtuirn: ' -, r the administration by vile ac-
I from the complications that have
- a Democratic international
; r party, and they desire that it shall
h precepts and purposes. They think
and arduous journey to go
to Democratic leaders who
to impo?e upon Mr. Cleveland a foreign
they have made a shirt of Xessus to the
a party.
Another evidence of the mendacity of yellow jour
nalism was givei ■ i 1; the shameful misrep
ts which a local yellow sheet was
• r a report of the splendid reception
given I ■ Dev.ey. The conqueror was not
• ' ion, and the cheap
tn of the yellow "-licet cannot make him a tail
[itc. There are some things which in common
•7 the Hearstlings should respect.
The press censor at Manila gives grudgingly the
credit of a virtue to the insurgents. He construes
'.- <ji~ kindness to American prisoners
re on the part of the rebel leader to pro
ate outside nations. What would the press cen
-. lor ray if Aguinaldo cut off the heads of his prisoners?
The < \sia Minor have destroyed
human lives and wiped out of existence
ires of vil!r<.','Cf>. When Dame Nature goes on the
she treats men as men treat the denizens of
antbiiL The value of life reems to be all in the
view.
y seems to fear the American cooks
more than he did the Spanish gung.
STORAGE OF FLOOD WATERS
THE constantly increasing experience of Califor
nia confirms the policy of absolute avoidance of
droughts. They are not more frequent. The
- »ge rainfall of any decade is undiminished, but
! the water is wasted. It irrigates no fields, orchards
ior vineyards. It turns no wheel, supplies no mine,
:cs no wealth. With a potentiality capable of
"asurab'.e multiplication of the State's wealth, of
increasing its homes, raising the products of agri
■ ulture and pasture to a vast volume,
of keeping even- ipine in action every day in the
ter runs to waste and destroys as it goes.
■razed at the spectacle Principalities of
lie idle or yield crops uncertainly for lack of
'■:. Mines employing thousands of men, yielding
of gold and furnishing a near and ready mar
: :ood products the land would raise, are idle
: the year for lack of water.
At the same time, ever/ year, trillions of cubic
Is of the needed water run uselessly .down the
mountains, flood the valleys and are lost in the sea!
For a long tiir.e there has existed a movement based
i 011 the hope that the Federal Government could be
I induced to impound this wasted water and distribute
r use. But the Federal Government has many
calls upon it. Those which are answered are such as
interest that part of the Union where its political
: power lies.
There are nine States in which this waste of water
is a vital matter. They are California, Colorado,
Idaho, Montana, Nevada. Oregon, Utah, Washing
ton and Wyoming. But they are represented in Con
gress by only thirty-six Senators and Representatives,
against' 411 for the rest of the Union, and have a
total population of only 2,814.402, against 59,807.848
the States not directly concerned. The center of
population in 1890 was twenty miles east of Colum
bus. Indiana, nearly three thousand miles from San
.:. cisco. A study of these statistics reveals the
hopelessness of further appeal to the Federal Govern
ment for money to save flood waters for the benefit
of our industries. The Irrigation Congress, inaugur
ated several years ago at Salt Lake and still in ex
istence, has from the first prayed toward Washington
the Mecca where our salvation lies, but without re-
The time has come when California, at least,
■ • cease invoking the gods and put her own
:!der to the wheel. The Federal Government has
eyed a number of reservoir sites in this State
ere flood waters may be impounded and thence
distributed. A movement has been for some months
foot to secure State action. This is to be in the
:e of bond ' I these reservoirs and
provide distribution of the water to the canals and
•• prepared nr to be prepared. For the
I the State's share in its distribution, a pries
red which will meet the interest on the
bonds and provide a sinking fund against maturity of
the principal. When the revenues of the plant have
-ate will tax the users of the water
pay the co<n of maintenance only.
Tin- en, will be guaranteed by the State and
1 secured on the water property which they create. An
inspection of the rainfall tables for fifty years, pre
pared by Mr. W. li. Mills, will -how th.it with such
m in action California will never know a
drought. Of all our rainfall and moisture only about
1 per cent is saved in the normal flow o£ streams to
be available tor irrigation, mining and other economic
uses. As our mountains are stripped of their timber
this percentage will grow less, for the rainfall runs
more immediately into the stream?, which become tor
r the time, and is lost, whil« aridity increases
in thr ining is impeded
more and more for lack of water.
With a storage system in operation, the normal
flow of the streams now in use would nnt be inter
fered with, but the fl<;od water which is wasted would
be stored. Its inconceivably vast quantity would not
only bring into action millions of acres now idle,
keeping them steadily productive, but in dry seasons
would supplement the lessened normal flow of the
streams and keep the whole irrigable area of the
valleys and foothills in full production and unlimited
fniitfulness. The project is easily possible. It is
practical. It is necessary. One has to go outside
of all practical and feasible and economic considera
tion? to find any objection to it. All admit its de-
sirability, and none object to the Federal Govern
ment doing it. That being impossible because of the
political power of a population that is either indiffer
ent or has adverse interests, are we to stand and dry
up in our tracks, a desiccated monument to a stub
born determination not to help ourselves?
When a convention is held to consider this subject
and formulate plans to effect this purpose we hope
that banking and business circles will be roused to
their interest in common with the miner, the agricul
turist, horticulturist and lumberman, without whom
there can be neither banks nor business.
Further appeal for Federal money is useless. A
Federal department has been beseeched in vain to
give us the very inexpensive help of observation sta-
ns, of the signal service, on the Aleutian archi
| pelago, that we might be notified when by deflection
of its course the Japan current parts with its warmth
and moisture in Bering Sea, and reaches us under
ron -evaporating conditions, producing a dry season.
But our prayer fell upon deaf ears, while the same de
partment secured from Congress all the money
needed to put stations on all the West Indian islands
in order to warn the shipping on the Atlantic sea
i board of the hurricanes which destroy it. That was
necessary- and we make no complaint, but why should
much less be refused to us? When we decide to pro
tect ourselves, by providing water that enables us to
defy the seasons, we will no longer need to implore
assistance at a source that is indifferent or antagon
istic.
It is anounced that Dan Burns, for the sake of
harmony, will sacrifice his personal ambition to be
come a United States Senator. It would be fairer to
say that Dan Burns, for the sake of decency, will re
tire from a contest in which only his monumental
presumption that he was qualified to represent any
body gave him a standing.
THE EXPANSION OF FOREIGN TRADE
STATISTICS of foreign trade recently issued by
the Government are in the highest degree grati
fying. The total exports for the month of
August are 25 per cent higher than for the same
month last year, when they were the highest known,
and they are 33 per cent higher than the average in
the same month for the three ye^rs 1894-95-96. For
the first eight months of the calendar year they are
the highest in the history of the country.
It is also to be noted that along with the increase
of exports there has been a marked increase of
imports. The time when we were so much in debt
to Europe that the nations of that continent could
pay for our goods by simply sending back American
securities has gone by. We are now virtually out of
debt. In fact, several times of late the United States
has financed Europe, and New York has made great
strides toward taking the place cjf London as the
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1899.
j money center of the world. As a result of this con
! dition of affairs our foreign commerce increases in
i both directions. The imports for August exceeded
I those for the corresponding month of labt year by
j upward of 30 per cent, and those of 1597 by nearly ~o
per cent.
It will be seen from these reports that while the
foolish imperialists are under the impression that we
must have an imperial system of military conquest in
order" to expand our trade, that trade is going for
ward by leaps and bounds. It has been advanced by
the resistless impulses of industry. It is the offspring
of peace and not of war, and should the jingoes come
into power their policies would injure more than
help it.
The one defect in the splendid showing is that this
growing commerce is carried on almost wholly in for
eign ships. It is under an alien flag our exports are
sent abroad and our imports brought back. Our in
crease of trade means an increase of a foreign mer
chant marine, and out of the profits of our labor a
b.rge sum has to be taken every day in the year to pay
the foreign ship-owner for the cost of transportation.
In a recent address on the 'subject Senator Frye
said: '"'lt is imperatively required we should carry
in our own ships under our own flag all our imports
and exports. We should pay to our people the
$100,000 a day we now pay to foreigners. We should
make of the officers of these ships active, intelligent
and interested agents for the discovery of new mar
kets and the promotion of our trade. Suppose to
accomplish it does cost us $10,000,000 annually, will
there not be ample compensation?"
That is the issue presented to the people of the
United States in the evidences given of our expand
ing commerce. We hear much in these days of trade
j following the flag. Should not the flag follow trade?
Where our goods are going our flag and our mer
, chant ships should go. Surely every intelligent
student of events can perceive how important it is at
; this time to provide for the upbuilding of a merchant
marine that shall be equal to the requirements of our
commerce.
— — i^^— — i^—
"California Municipalities," a new magazine de- i
voted to the affairs of municipal government in this '
State, opens the current number, which, by the way, j
is the second issue of the publication, with an excel- '
lent article on "Municipal Accounting," by Mayor j
Snow of Oakland, and contains many other papes
of hardly less interest and importance to all concerned
in the administration of cities. The magazine fills a j
useful place in the discussions of the day and merits j
a liberal support.
ALLEGATIONS OF CONSPIRACY.
WAYNE MACVEAGH, in his argument on be
half of Colonel Carter before Attorney General
Griggs on Wednesday, asked for a judicial
hearing of the case before a civil tribunal, and, with
out charging the members of the court-martial with
any offense other than that of unfitness for trying such
a case as that presented, intimated that a conspiracy
exists among persons of power and influence to
prejudice the country against Carter and to procure
his conviction by foul means.
In dealing with that phase of the subject MacVeagh
is reported to have recited eleven instances of what
he termed "positive inventions" to the injury of the
accused, retailed to correspondents of newspapers
during the past eighteen months, and to have an
nounced that sooner or later he expects to reveal the
authors of these reports, expose their motives and
hold somebody responsible for them. lie is further
reported as intimating that the inventions emanated
from the War Department, and to have stated plainly
that the findings of the court-martial were not made
unanimously, despite the announcement of the War
Department to that effect.
Such intimations of conspiracy as are contained in
these carefully guarded words derive weight from the
fact of their utterance by an attorney of high repute
and of known integrity. They give something of
confirmation to the many stories circulated concern
ing the alleged conspiracy against Carter, and will in
cline the public to believe there is good foundation
for them. If false reports of the case to the detriment
of the accused man have been traced to the depart
ment whose officials are in close relations to the mem
bers of the court-martial that tried him, it is clear a
new trial by a different tribunal should be given if
for no other purpose than that of removing suspicion
from the public mind and making it clear that justice
has been done.
The outbursts of public indignation in this country
over the Dreyfus case show how sensitive we are
when injustice is committed by the military tribunals
of a foreign state, and it is hardly likely we can be
less sensitive concerning an allegation of injustice by
a similar court in our own land.
Direct charges that the conviction of Colonel Carter
was brought about by a powerful corporation whose
frauds he intended to expose have now been made
by several responsible persons, and Attorney Mac-
Veagh has intimated that the War Department offi
cials if not in the conspiracy, are at least subject to its
influences and have worked in its behalf to the extent
of issuing lies to newspaper correspondents. It h
nearly two years since the court-martial reported Car
ter to be guilty of the serious charges against him, and
yet during all that time he has not been punished. He
continues to enjoy his liberty, his rank and his pay.
Why has the penalty decreed by the court not been
carried out by the Government? Is it that Carter is
supported by friends so strong that justice cannot
reach him even though he be guilty, or is it that there
are reasons to believe him wrongfully convicted?
Whichever view of the case be taken justifies the re
quest for a. trial before a civil tribunal. The facts
should be made known. We cannot afford to have a
Dreyfus case in the United States.
The National Irrigation Congress, which has just
dosed its eighth annual session at Missoula, Mont.,
has solemnly decided that the tilling of the soil must
be taken out <Ji the hands of the lawyers. Is it pos
sible that the learned gentlemen of the bar have been
, forced to the recourse of hard work or is this an
; other slander upon the abused profession?
The Governor has announced that the Man from
I Mexico has received enough and that it is about time
I that Gage held out something for himself. Can it be
possible that his Excellency is* scheming to acquire
a reputation?
A man-eating shark was captured the other day on
the bay shore at West Berkeley. He was cut open
and inside him were found a number of small sharks
he had swallowed. How human!
The students of the State Normal School at San
Jose are again in rebellion. A chair of pugilism might
not unwisely be established there and associated with
that of pedagogy.
The attendants at the Stockton Insane Asylum ob
ject to being uniformed. They should at least take
into consideration that the public have a right to a
cue of some kind after entering the gates-
OUR NATIONAL DUTY.
The Question of Expansion and Annexation
of the Philippines.
By FrcmK H Short
PART 111.
• rT^HE.orffUßinul ot fln«t iv>eorr and ot
' A THE bfgumnd ol fin<t i-'.eprr mkJ "•'
!op< r^sufi :- i>in< V» luiye ll«t>/E
I bcea an t:spit»sil|nj»?. country. It. '•-•'
1 true Tlid! "(iv tin. wMMrn' -rf'l"
- yhvxn and alone comii-'VioHF Ihtra
. uua ovflr i.i >.. . -.'. •• ■•■-. ry thi*
""Untry J.»»* oaaUouuuol)' »tin.> ..--i JC.I"
«13<.» trtt* that Hit i/tcrlmry fU'oillrAfl -yvn»«
: -fitly Urfetj uicilpleO lv\ , r>r !-.:-
I'VtmbJy would In ilic inirarJluiH rucurn
,' be Occupied, th i* cnairulUDß di-nrf-r- i\y
Amtflrun oliivn* i\ war not, ib»tirvjror«\
1 fl.*!'-"'-" n Of i.:.r.Tim!cp r- ct ibis- )tir|»il|<;
tluu nv.,r In!i,i ■-••■•.•. vtyilJ
•e»m!!ujj*» |O \ in in u;itfja Him to .our »u
-'..prMjuyjjyto tMA 6nil nr Mini! hill 1! wn«
•iilwuv'j m a'UVUoiT ot m iiilrinr more n»r
ntbry i •,....•, . . . ■ < nir-nr. ami
I m«»< See!**, It jnlffh; b>: iWtrtMV.l ;ftA(- 111
LtJO€>_ -xstt/ctno-JiiKr*. »5 in iw«>«t oiiersar
• rtf.£loim.j ....•• C^r TUV>' hc*Tl
jr.wLv- 1 .! *tHOe »»*T»- f>/llM!Oj#li»SiI Ttfrwi*
••r \njuFttcc. it aid »^'^^\r'|}Tlt^ullnTf:J>U^
.T>a>D l^ve:t*in fbvo,r <>1 Mil --■•.' Will
lliv :n«tlce t<r" <!io ji^w«r»JJnt:, «lrtd J'tCfJ
f-jr* the pnc-rtJHui iw* oa i«*MlW>uyyiUo
''■ IS 7:hft«S (In- U-V<il- iKwSy ,-at ■ |..- lubaft-
Itciiita ait li-mi; tutij^ccd i& uui i m; n~
'Uwl ~rbl r rarj- ni3'^ A j)aUv;^ <Jiav rndij
.l. Kj/ne v.-i-c>n*c ie cot a .'U6;!.-- ..
ctdppllcy thni la all wrung.
No ti&biii ciiii li'; C3n» ; fueled, «o -hut it
•']» tun la d n«st« ■uitbeu.lihy. Xo water Ih
' •.■•.'•:f.l.-Wlly pur*,- 3«C we of ncc«*«>lty lIV*
j;oa anfl drtnß WW.UT, M 3 • : I ■
I or ur dor. wtl«t le aevez tr»oacr»t to be ft
■ j'i.-t::"u-jiioD of tx;s 10 •.•••» thai w« »l --• . :
J utl !>Vt In BL'wvrf apil >lr!G> ew-Ul. The
i Lifi.'.:. : ol LOUl!))«Ull i€ uliuu! v. idikjlj
'v .■■•■■ tt< -ttiff -invjtJlHlMufe.yf. oic
J^xii'j-'WUu* (i.«,^voai4 b*a)i* ocevij»,>:i'tsi ef
a n-' '!•«.• in a :.! r. 'Jie- ire niii c- t.r. 0
..tftil ::.■• . "li,/,l.if. :ui;ix 'On uf OJ^. 9
,ti'"u» in a «ewwr.
■Wllus tht. .-VniiTlccu ptpp l '- iioiiM At? at
Hn..i rrwMm*"*' o£ 004 ou«j ibn jrr<-<i*ci
tj>: r^orvsK «>l nntt)x«t •<hi)T ait faisii tr«
-;«•!*»■• je so iln;; < u»,irn < *tr»»Jt|ilß Tfe «*ps
i «'l<tH-Ci<S ai ftf-rill !n Jtllllnc -IT nCtA
< iiiufVimii uJI tt»i»iii»tk"J| JiiKuniiMUs Jn. iv
.»■ -hiji.-.: j 3UJrt. i»ik«t < wnt 9i>b*jav tui»l in
f ii-.lU'"ri:ly iij t inmuvr %*U«tt>vr Hie June
f illfniiit *hki; ilic I'iiilivi'ttif- I* *A»rlli CUp
itriiv rrf c -iorl--irir Inn <if i|/c ilnuirtm. 1 ul
, role i»y tfj» i-on>i'^o «r tt>c w<nir&i
1 liv r-xici- -»c a i.t~u i'juiAujt: iir-^u
i tMii? tiii.l' iTI-rn In ■• ur . r "t"il'll' •"'' COIIOIIJ,
. i> w"ni»b ?|tt pnii'" pf ii'jnunfti'il wa.lrrn;*
■'» itlx>l \vi.niDM- \r*~ «•>» »t no» Ite wl>i"
humicn* anO rtLXjK-ffmtiT I«ir this Govuru
.mcat'tu r-rsm Tft rxss^ltiiTily juti^Uviuu
iil/tl »ji Ilic '<■<•«:« ti; i.'(nt.-i>rii:H- toi iJlu tjjL
■'t'fVTm ll»f. r i«lt
!• !• iii.ttJJ.-d out in.vt. the jinllor.s UK:
•«<»io>S!>:»f to tli iiafjl'imi ot t^iplt-nl
in ■ . .- . • • ..• ' .'iHtir > i srt«l
«iJ"U -OUC "SVUjijft, ltT>n» <\!lti JlliWßl' Il» lit '11
-1 wand, -isj rt"«s oitiri pat t»ui< ilfiirix. J 'u*
jr^cn;ncc me ot a >ir>ri' of.w- nmtilittpai uti\r
«<orir, ,i rn'icnlu^rtnt S'ii-3.. Jt Win c<U"iH->
«t-« </;i .ui"i"ijtj urn: Ui«r«) wn» -t
KijA! «i<Jl: -Jit fi.isni t.j l>e dlVlil-'H illi"<MK
;tir in4'»T» «|U.tl lfu» i^ttlViff Of i (\miTPri.
"T.i cvinln c-tr»t>-v Tl>u uilK.ir In oU*>»*ion
ft-..- {crrn .(in O»*- uuvrnt uf «»e UjQk 'jaU
-.s«^ >ni.»f.ie jti (Vmil j;. 11« fTWTV'J.I ouuiiiml
.i! iV lji»- n->-nt>.*r > .'> h.»rt T'.-rrncil *» vro*t
l.ii I«JTTV >*» jTltt'HU* jhrOH^Tj '»J»ll •••• f.TUo
I It/i nui_ *u>f Jk»tK"'«uw »•» MPtTy Xhul lie
-w^ifT .j»U' uh ;(•• *(t»T?» •••'«'• ••onnuiic'iir
thux ?fcfure ■«■»• o .or'i y«'l Me a(^n«'l."tt*'«
•s-iT* rtrtS <lrtirt,- "tw iii/T j.lilm«_ ■•ml ;h..i.
>«m V v<Ji«l '" l«i-i»i"«««l i! Xt .1!.. «<?• ;n-: ir.j
V^ {=i«i<»n. unl unv onJrlol- vik MiM'if xm'
lmvrt in* stT.it", fliifl •»« o-' pnwii^iit II
r'l'..iir'-. ..^ritt it IE oWowirM tliti ■'»•
r«wt. .mil imi fa»ojj roun. olonc
f,.>}> i|.i<i uren «r vi" *vnu< «ic*. ir»-u» »"
ii4< lltli nrfl rt(ii» «U»l«v'I '«fl titiO'tUg
• ••ruwimil Ui'mt* vr Ilir IMU r-rW. n-rd <j -v
• iii.H iiii!h>m;h". 1 1 tliiiT Itilr Ui" ili.rr...
trailt'. Cirtt-rnmcn:, Lltiit'HC i»?*tr->-< tn*r
!!c. rich!: ni'tunn unit urO /• <i ticiiMi'-m" 111
.llui aji^l)» i»r siHUviift. I* Iw'liliid die uv
iujJ »iuWi*« Jf it 'lm"> uca <i«L M» s«/i/« vt
th« ID"llt— til •>! wlijuli, to Til} rt.iniv, '•
lU.'.Vt."'- '«Ul \ililinilU'i)«lr ft'iJ .•« lnn,.iTi.in
sillKit^lkoii. . Thr. Ml. ill tv" 111. "I Cjx
rr^lfCO' xyrt'finvu 1 mj/|uvreri tUti* Tur, t*
Uolli^f uinaiVn^Miiii-U In i niufiU «<>'. WTb i
ftiiv 1 * 10" o»iP »iwit Hiinrti thfi*l trif ?i'«li, .
op< lifw! rnlti«s»i 10-tendi^l. Oji 1 j"imnn'i'« o'
lni» cotnnj-y lr> !«)!)• furnpinuvirt. aj*'
o<jh<sc Jiuut«'ry if'v-rt tiilv*ii< •<ri: uitr jwsiii
11071 amoilt," Ot'i nml"n* ot l»m Turin. Buj'j
We iir'.' »oW Ul»e ovurt-<- »- l«iipru<n;lualilL' I
nrnt »j>omlo not lw /un **•« tiufj-u»lt clmt ,
\\» mnn ttm, t>nr thuro ■«« ih" turn*, wfi
4itiijiu«itu>ri wwl'ihcf ■<iMa>oi«'-«*<» th"*. ff»i. i
uw* fin-i«ftintlrfr<x tfto Jiitsr rciUo*«i tfi«
« wn p/> - -
Tin* -n-i'iUlArt Ultii a"it-?i3o'!^ W^ritniil ,
niitij iir.-t'wry n..U'»n tn lfilf *<xir<i> *zx? eanl ,
Ml iifiH liilfpwt iT »rri- f it MkX'i 4<\.**toy<'i
rvvvy lv.ii.ii: iUut ii.i • tiirr."r # M- < )i«-iiTJOiJi'ii
ln«h» MlHUirv >*t Un» wjiyjtl. Ttrti txjv ftyt
pnu>4(inil- Jtinu. 'ihL-v «iri' ••«-*LTi UfvJwV
iin>\ lu\irj|ti'ilivjl. JSluru -ir. «iirt4Uy htm
myr< nt -wrulitj niw»>*»« rr^iAU. UiUtuiVi
-u\*~ iiM<l n«jti'i««)l.v fmm fwlluMiH.*; XU
hufi<>rui>|i'- «*>itiaf»tfu( I'inir^e hiiwfl '.loan
iin>Mpl-. ... wr^n *»r ninlljclwri
irt-niu iii(livi<iuiilnr*Ofb»i-»H<ui pifp.' r'oniu.v
W«'rtltli 'uriii: r.oWT It- U Out n»rni«vfT»rjr
anil Ap Iji^- r«>if or IwrtmHJ-niC ■■»•(*•« •««»ff"
\Vi«7»n- tll«r<>l<>ri< fiitC'tv <•'<"<-' wIJU.i •-•r>t-
I 'ill -tiii<tu«>ri «ui\ v ervnT iiriiJjif'iit eh*: «»■
rnu^r snif it, i. riuvi* iirwa- vo"*' 1 ?* 1^-* lu !bi r
liUlniiitn Itttt'urin ikn<l lM<Jllirf!icti 'it
tin* JVin»»rH'rtHj-Ui»Oljle'lft ?olVn It Tl!ft>t. «.in!
wliMu ttir pOlluS' »•! eX»i«nf>ffiH rq,'«V. rr^tut i
».. «lirr t»min>r4i.rt: -utl\'uucaio CT 'U»- TIM I
imttiwiii iwriy. 'n<< ft..rt«pui«ii''or nod <x-» i
i Jii'iiil.ir ti: " ihit: jMir' i .:in i.J r,,li..rin^lv
HKTi|!'*r It. fur .ihi* r"H»i»frt. itniuniTjC'Uti'rj^
tlltH I 'li'llrvij It Tvtll trnd'lA Oiv HltftnuK'
h. ft ■ i nt Mm Hrjiiihllcun luirtv,
'^' r . o|iui •.<! fmiiAilj ulnill ihiu tin' 4IN
UJlliir ST.- JirrsiMfu' !* jmiVei.. TKlit .-!!.. r
pyrcun- oC •JUmt ,-. »n« nf. cl'ftifl.
•lni'tnltyin't'iiiiMMculin^v Th. .-Xjuir .->■.,,.
1 t*J*c »\y. 'thiii ♦•wrr I- mm", mi jniA?JJilti
' OuHTc: ("IV !■' flp»V»'O«r -svtir In hfi "nil" nnil
i tlV<7i i!oi*rmnw whdt •**■ sludl On; m«rt
n/itl'^Tinl Mtnr \J>. \\\vxs\\*A 1 1 i.l we mil*!,.
VIT« lUv Vi'-ior*** i's tT«'fi vl«'w- >i! 1 1, • -..I ii- '
nlt&n VUair out txp.' Jo«ml bnmif •> nnt i
lrr.«Mi"-0 ID "l(^ ion tlml imic rl.inal ,
)lin»i>r If j,V<nfc inyOtV"! 11l th" l»»«" 'I l ' «•»
111 v.- tvv '< > >rj«xvot o;ir^< 1 W«» it» «i :uilliiit mtili
, v- <i iiroiyt'-|n iJ*n'iTimnmir.Uiiß'<iv«'9"'»i. ',
(jiivUin*Vr oirti-m r»ntiot. rti»n)i ■ 'in
\\\\<- war. TlOn'-iVrt- li'DC. It -»«l»V 'i"
lui.luMr^a-^fni I IIiW.K eiiO trn»i mil
ivrv InrnT-Uii* Fltlj'lPO* cinh/<t-o''f»*3tt
■ \\\Y* i-innjry. IV v 'Kftt'V TJD'i *lh«
. Knrf>l know* in.' «••• s-itiftOti In thfl
Vinmtr ifir- wnpl ' la lipjintl'f ilf^O. Vtiti
!an> il'Miir> 11. lt«'rt n«r> S^ tn>» *i\Tkl cull
r» >ult •»> ti'l^i'iT il^fcut nuc vioioxt, im'l
h-ilivC in fllh-re l» impM<«»lJil»c To
! 4.wr]jrt<r itfit »'!'•> iiniion c?*n win nr.7r
ill!>i:n*Mi»Xi QT JUvrnnr lv Oilr -wnr !^ nI»T
inr»t. iKOiviJi»l!s <»r tU« .!•»•«. iuTr»»«i»r«r ot
I uui|r|>ii(rtl niai* '"WW* "• n"'t*'J ijo'inr
i In alilt war at lUACO* ollaT. T'Ui to v*
sunti lU»< «rtiti r,rtnam\ Uw Lulhitre «ii
I wblrii. ."jwftiivi -i". ni.-. a vtcvon* pv-.'t'
ih» lO'^'i 1^! nt'ii'iii ur tni« wufNi
a.n.'l *»*!*:)* ■jjn:*y(lt'Hi 'tfn^ir « !'■■
• V.'lt|! KT*ni tniihnt* ti» lirlllltinf «.|ii"i-m.,
• pon'.il Win 11070^ iirtil vimnrjr In ;• Dp- tit
Will, a ioc of Mj'l?*>i* su ' nminrlnit 1 »i*nil :
iut «wampj i<.a'»o<ic iu^ rliH.ouJft"-* m» h
W..,;l : tic U« TiMOrtl-r .- *uo
icr-fnt tfiiullawr. >n tlio H-iUlfta- nr»aui.
l'.»»liij IIC VI TN'On iK'n-'-r gi r -•.!.■_; l)|^
i? -wi- i»t»--:u i.-uu in* tillpinoe Miu
r.ui'r In.iqvnnrmv <.•> lij" IK-I KV.VnI 11 " '*> '
A">i 'ir> loiil i'uit :h«' ? ;ir In •■v, i;n, llm'
itnouir >•'" •'nilcii .-imt.if ll!« -,M.r I ,• j'l.'.'.c
Win (arlinot Ifn <nn!»U' i«i» snnri. A?iil ;hi
■ "'iriiu-rttlOO' tfr»l «•#• v mi!J in tr«»r flpfii'ir
' m it C(i't'>i)i (t !llv:r>u^^td fou t<"oykliiru-
I r»rm. Til Xhf6 nrftr-vvr csLiuin* tmlTpt up
■xiiul »»r Apjuiiv-nt <IrJC<-nf,. nil I :tn ill »i ) ■
I aftuv. tlrnt irii- I*ilH'»>nv rtC-riKht o.itittllf
I n« \ic crrtiUKj utv ncrt-Jrilngti* of «!U-j.*«»v-:
| .tjiui^h! r.i] .It •'- muna It UK* 'toMruilii'
■; li»«t ».r.fr«rc "Jin tm.ui It tv ttMin.Wn
MiMUt i. vih . ■ -••!.( ■•: -«Uii'. ii eXl'tmlltu-
I iiiii- iJitf'Wt. -1 !,.i i-xfirnilturi- or
iTTIt'oVi id«niey ml Hi l<'.«.i »>r inunj' VmiT
i'i<n J'.v.c «» nelttiDr hilmnnM nnr j<«ribl
! |i|.-,- Tl)f. iiraijrr \\i\v m nniV, thin wnclii
• tfn» rnAflJy An\;-r.i'iiii W<iJ . Blniply »ay
' l'j i"hi« riJ4t"U'>» r>mi iiufdc«:lt«f. If wi,
hu*l .iAsUme'l >"irairtUMU iurb>dli;Unni'«Viljr
thpm vr ail. WJt <tul>"' !*l>av»: tiling .*0 111
{Gr ■ .-■:'■. «l»'Jii'«Pn|( > c Wtfi! ail'l
■with iiii'tr won^nt.'bMt (witii.pr'>p<}r c>>it
ivy»huifc' ;/:..l *prot>«jr r'^n'«3t ior-our r.i.lil-,
■nud it'T ---I ■ Tvv pr<> ri'fpnro'cl *lo Cr»^Jv
• i . |. '•■ • ' !•• « 1 . 1 1 • r. Hi, v
! arc .\.M!ti!iir 111 ikCCvDiutiir^ -or which
!.l|Ti-i «',.uk.l lio— ifi".v'UM)ly Wiilllo 111. iri
I «>!' niilpVl'- snil/rm' > n»- tio< tP brlor Jlik
■ iiu'oor ' •••. tni' ;t-lip»'iTf\nr'i' iif il > ■ f >• i L i
»i» m:- • .'i'..r. but wmilil ■ mi-. ir ili.
cr*ftU)3l-'bfiUrtv in I lilt ITV'-ll I rnityvii!
num. -ftJI..--JM»«i. .nmu o* nil Miitldim.
\Vh«charin<dt!' . '-I, i.. pill lhotrihOiV'iK 115
.1 r«|iuliil'' •■' v nln«4otn^*irc/iiy fir <l^.i-.
l^r,/-jlly, It Id not n. lUl'ilCluii rtf'-vrhrtt
i<%rpii nr isbf'rtinKeol Xftrtt • tlii»3-.«hnll h.-Ti',
><\U »>!/> V.i ! ' 9t'n pi'itplu'tn povi«ti» T .....
11l nwn wnj 1 ,. with t>nt! fu^ui
aTtiJ JIiAJ. rl<U! v\T lutvr- in I >:>:■..• to Ji
TlierctOTir. Ovcduijft of ibw iroV(irniO'iJii.
i»> * o ii-'-t 'if itjinH'3l-ito OtJtA*; It V
, sr»u«t. Mir innn»'Jlo»»j Ti/tnt of Art uouor*
l r4hlu ?Glt-soV«^t3tTi'-'nt .to, 'In f*hilipp|n«:
pefiplecilD.'. thftl «v>«vrnmnrtL htt -AhiiL It
eu>'Jnnp- a* K"v<TnniHnl iisnc% *lmlT
itiuy. po Jnnff 'i* int JrcftL)' of u»nc* *l II
•(.•..• UU ]u-L ilgbiu of thl» t>.
ment In the premises, which undoubted^
could be obtained at any moment.
It matters little to me what practical
men who want trade might sa> , it mat
ters not much more what Po"« cla "?
might say: there is to my mind in this
instance only one course that is rignt
only one course that is manly ana if we
as a people can come to the same con
clusion, it would be inhuman to furtner
prosecute the war. _,v,«n
There is nevor a moment of time when
it is too soon to do right, and the t.me
has now arrived (and for some 'irae^ has
existed) when this Government should
seek to end this war by an immeci ate
proposal to grant the Filipinos freedom
and self-government, upon teims so lair
and reasonable that there could be no
question of their immediate acceptance
If these people desire liberty, it Is theirs
of right. We have no right to withhold
it; we have no right first to defeat
destroy and suojugate them and then
rrant "them liberty; but it is theirs now
if they wish it. By purchasing the .wrong
of 300 years we have not acquired the
right to continue that wrong for one
Instant, and whatever others may sa> 1
contend that the question of freedom and
liberty, or of one form of government or
another ,is not to be solved by tho
nation which is seeking to impose its
government upon another. Such a ■ aen
nition of liberty would be denying liberty
to all men.  .
If there is any place in the world where
we have no natural right, no affinities
by birth or by nature, it is" in the Philip
pine Islands. Unless we can purchase
jurisdiction over men and countries trom
a king that had no right to such juris
diction, and thereby acquire good title to
rule over them, we are in the Philippine
Islands attempting to force our republi
can institutions upon the Malay inhabi
tants thereof by the sword with as little
right as any country, ancient or modern,
ever undertook to impose its government
upon any people.
Correctly speaking republics are created
for the government of citizens. It a
Government is to govern subjects, or
subjects in addition to its citizens, it
ought not to be founded upon republican
or democratic lines. Historically speak
ing, republics, where they have taken up
cn themselves the inconsistent power or
privik-ge to rule over subjects, have been
far more despotic, ruthless and unreason
able in their rule than have absolute
monarchies. It can be readily seen that
citizens naturally accord toward each
other good government. But millions of
people, though self-governing, ruling over
others, having no right or participation in
that government, subject them to worse
deputism than the absolute rule of one
man.
If these seventy millions of people un
dertake to rule the Filipinos without
their consent, it is simply a depotism
divided among seventy millions of people.
In other words, seventy millions of free
citizens with relation to themselves,
occupy the relation of being seventy
millions of despots as to others. As an
aggregation of people arbitrarily impos
ing our government upon an unconsenLir.g
people, we are each one of us as much
pursuing and undertaking a despotic
form or government as the Czar of
Russia, when he imposes by military
force his rule upon his subjects.
It wouid seem that we have embarked
upon and undertaken the policy of ex
pansion and subjugation without ade
quate consideration either of the question
of the right or the policy, its expediency
or the suitability of our form of govern
ment to undertake such a course. When
considered in the iight of our previous
deciar.uk ns, when considered in connec
tion with our form of government, it cer
tainly must and ultimately will be con
e-led that the attempt is not only un
just but wholly impracticable and will
result ultimately not only in disaster to
the people upon whom we are attempting
to Impose f>:jr government but even with
greater disaster to ourselves. It is not
our l>:istii':rfs to determine whether the
Filipinos will give themselves a good
government, as a king, an emperor or a
republic. A\ c have no right to determine
that question for them. It is no more our
tnisiness than is the government of
France, of China or of Switzerland.
( >ur flag was once supreme over the
Mexican capital and our military forces
Were in undisputed possession of the prin
cipal stronghold of that country, while
we required the cession to us of certain
territory already largely populated by
American citizens we took our flag down
from every place where it had no right to
float and ' returned the territory to \t>v
Mexican people, together with the capital
and their government, which government
they have since exercised and with which
we have not interfered. So that even In
our past history it has not been our policy
that where the flag once goes up it must
forever etay. Except for military pur
poses the flag should never go up over
any country or any people which we do
not desire ultimately to make into States
and into citizens.
If it were to be asserted that our ob
ject was ultimately to create States in
the Philippine Islands and grant to the
inhabitants thereof citizenship the politi
cal popularity of expansion would cease
In a moment and the policy would be
overturned and destroyed. While the
more consistent it would be a wholly un
popular policy. The other policy of
colonization and subjection is more wrong
in principle and less desirable and profit
able :or the reasons set forth.
If the American people and their Gov
ernment should at once take an open,
manly nml humane po?ition with relation
to the Filipinos and accord them lib
erty we would not only be entitled to re
ceive but would receive the commenda
tion of all people who appreciate justice
and love liberty throughout the earth.
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
M. Harcourt Clarke's Great Yachting i
Song, "To the Winner of the Cup." -4
PRESENTATION OF BADGES.
Ivy Chapter of the Eastern Star |
Shows Its Appreciation of Its
Past Patrons.
Almost every member of Ivy Chapter,
Order of the Eastern Star, was in the
chapter room in Golden Gate Hall Monday
night to witness the presentation of
handsome jewels to eight of the past
patrons, and in addition to the member
ship there were present about twenty
five specially invited guests.
In the past it has been the custom to
present to the retiring matron upon the
close of her term of office a fine jewel in
token of approval of the manner in which
she discharges her duty, but the patrons
were allowed to step down and out with
out any token of recognition. Recently
the chapter concluded that in view of
their work and devotion to the order they
each should have some substantial recog
nition and decided to give each a jewel.
The token is the star of the order upon
which rests the emblem of the office and
surrounding it is a wreath of ivy in j
enamel the color of the leaf and this is ;
suspended from a crown and scepter.
The recipients were John Hatfield Gray,
who received the token from Mrs. Abble j
Salisbury, who was matron with him i
during his term of office, and the others '
received theirs from those who served j
with them. J. P. McMurry from Mrs
Annie Lambert; G. "YV. H. Patterson from
Mrs. J. H. Gray; Harry Ascroft from Mrs.
Clara A. Gtberson; C. C. Dow from Mrs
Helen Davis Patterson; Elwood Morey
from Mrs. Jennie A. Graves; C. L. Pat
ton from Mrs. C. C. Dow, and the one
from Frank Maxon, who was absent was
handed to Patron Dr. Gassaway by Miss
Nellie Owens, who was the first matron
of the chapter. The presentation,
speeches and the responses were pleasintr
efforts in that line. The Knickerbocker
Quartet, during the evening, favored with
vocal selections.
After the ceremonies about 200 ladies
and gentlemen adjourned to the bananet
hal , where the worthy matron, Mrs
Lydia A. Steele, and the worthy patron
Dr. Gassaway, presided. After the sup
per had been disposed of 'there were a
number of responses to congratulatory
toasts. •/■■•.'■■; ;"■.■..■.>.; -■■ ..- '
■ » •
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
CLlNlCS— Subscriber, Vallejo, Cal. All
medical colleges in San Francisco have
clinics on the subject named in the letter
01 inquiry. Communicate with the dean
of any of the colleges for information on
that subject.
THE FIRST CALIFORNIA-S.. Napa.
Cal. The record of the First California
was published in the California Volunteer
Touvr-nir edition of The Ca 1 and in rob
pequfnt numbers were published the pro
motions in that regiment. This depart
men" has not the space to ropubhsh the
same.
THE EARTH TREMBI.ED-A. B. C,
Oakland Cal E P. Roe's novel, "Thj
Earth Trembled," was published first in
1887,
HEIGHT OF MAN— A Reader. Trea
Pinos Cal. To obtain the average height
S in specified localities the answer may
be obtained. •
DIMES-A. R., Clay Station, Cal., and
A S Vallejo, Cal. There is no premium
on a 'dime of UM unless it is one of.wn
tv-four coined in that year at the San
Francisco Branch Mint. There were but
that number coined that year at that
Mint, and those are the only ones that
command a premium. Such may ne dis
tinguished by the letter S under the
wreath There is no premium on a dime
of 1896.
TREASON*— O. S., San Gregorio, Cal.
The constitution of the T'nit<?d States de
fines treason to the United States as con
siptir.g in levying war against them or in
adhering to their enemies, giving them aid
and comfort. It also provides that no
person shall be convicted of treason un
less on the testimony of two witnesses to
the overt act. or on confession in open
court The punishment as provided in tne
United States for treason against them
ie- "Every person guilty of treason Shall
suffer death, or. at the discretion of the
court, shali be imprisoned at hard labor
for not less than five years, and fined not
less than $10,000." Treason may also be
committed against any of the individual
States, and the punishment for treason
against the State is regulated by the con
stitutions of the different States.
? The foundation of knowl- ?
♦ edge must be laid by reading. |
I —Samuel Johnson. ?
♦ The Call's Home Study V
} t Circle will furnish the very ♦
£ highest class of reading. This |
5 series of studies will begin j
£ Monday, October 16. .;
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
1 ! J. J. Dooler, a wealthy merchant of
j I New York, is at the Palace.
ii S. X. Griffith, a Fresno capitalist, is
' ! registered at the Occidental.
5 E. F. Fraser, a well-known railroad man
■ i of Sacramento, is at the Grand.
h CD. Fontana, a wealthy mine owner
; I of Copperopolis, is at the Lick.
i i \V. P. Lynch. ex-Asses.=or of Butte
I County, is registered at the Lick.
' B. V. Weeks, a prominent dairyman of
' \ Pasadena, is a guest at the Russ.
1 Arthur L. Levinsky. an attorney of
' j Stockton, is a guest at the Palace.
V. S. McClatchy has rome down from
1 ! Sacramento and is- at the California.
• j E. B. Pixley, the well-known Santa
' j Cruz hotel man. is a guest at the Lick.
'. I Rev. W. A. Brewer came up from his
I • San Mateo home last evening and went to
1 the Palace.
R. Barker, a popular Journalist of Va
caville, is among the arrivals of last night
i at the Lick.
I X. Rosenthal. one of the principal mer
; ■ chants of Mauera, is registered at the
■ Lick with his wife.
' B. H. Burton, cashier of the bank at
Willows, is egistered at the Lick for a
' short stay in the city.
! L. M. Dodson, an oil speculator of Sel
' ma, is staying at the Russ. where he will
' remain for the next few days.
R. A. Boggess. a quicksilver mining man
! of Sulphur Creek, is a guest at the Occi
-1 ! dental, where he arrived yesterday.
G. A. Me. McElfresh, chief ranger of
i the Foresters, has come up to the city
■ from Los Angeles and is at the Grand.
B. M. Cavanaugh, a leading business
! man and capitalist of Sacramento, is
! among the recent arrivals at the Lick.
Lieutenant G. W. Laws has come down
from Mare Island and is staying .at the
Occidental. He is accompanied by his
wife.
Rev. I. A. Wilborne, a minister from
1 Baltimore, on his way to labor in the mis-
I slonary field of Japan, is at the Occi
iV.-ntal.
Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Ir.grahm, prom
inent in the social life of Connecticut, are
at the Palace. They are visiting the coast
on a pleasure tour.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, Sept. 27.— Mr. and Mrs.
Ed G. Lukens of San Francisco are at
the Fifth Avenue: Mr. and Mrs. William
T. Cooke of Oakland, Walter McGuire
and wife of San Francisco are at the Hol
land; Clinton B. Worden of San Fran
cisco is at the Plaza; N. I* Walter of San
Francisco is at the Grand; W. A. Arm
strong, A. Carey of Fresno are at the
Gilsey; Edward Fulda of San Francisco
is at the Vendome; Mrs. V. Hush, Mrs.
Thomas Magee of San Francisco are at
the Empire; Mr. and Mrs. E. T. Barnum
of Los Angeles are at the Majestic.
NEW YORK. Sept. 2S.— Robert J. John
of San Francisco is at the Fifth Avenue;
G. H. James of San Francisco and Mr.
and Mrs. Charles B. Richards of San Di
ego are at the Marlborough: B. Biber of
San Francisco is at the Savoy.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, D. C. Sept. 27.— W. H.
Watts of San Francisco is at the Raleigh;
Henry A. Pilcher of San Francisco is at
the St. James.
Cal. glace fralt 50c per IT> at Townsend'a. •
Look out for 81 4th st., nr. 5c barber and
grocery- Best eyeglasses; specs 10c to 40c. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
They "Want Divorces.
Ella Cook has sued George A. Cook for
; a divorce, alleging infidelity as a cause of
■ action. Mabel H. O'Connor asks for a
divorce from Edward B. O'Connor on the
j ground of failure to provide.
Northern Pacific Railway.
Upholstered tourist sleeper through to St.
I Paul every Tuesday night. No change.. Th«
I car is nicely upholstered in leather and, is ex
j tremely comfortable In every respect. Pullman
j sleeping cars of the latest pattern on every
I train. Tickets sold at lowest rates to all points
East. T. K. Stateler, Gen. A*t., 638 Market St..
i San Francisco. . -i~.V : -\ --
■ ♦ ■
j "Mrs. Winsiow's Soothing Syrup"
! Has been used fcr fifty years by millions of
I mothers for their children while Teething with
' perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
I the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Corlc, regu
lates the Bowels and Is the best remedy fop
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
I other cause?. For sale by druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mn.
Winsiow's Soothing «Syrnp, 25c a bottle.
Cheap Bates.
September 29 to October 5 Inclusive, the San
ta Fe Route will sell tickets to Chicago at very
low rateß. Occasion, corner-stone laying
Government building and fall festivities. Gee
full particulars at 628 Market street.
HOTEL DEL. COROX ADO— Take advantage*
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at ho
tel; longer stay. $2 50 per day. Apply at 4 New
Montgomery street, San Francisco.SIGNATURE OF
HITE ERASED
The Prosecution Makes
Grave Charges.
THE EVIDENCE DESTROYED
INDIAN WOMAN HAS A BAD DAY
OF IT.
Attorneys for the Defense Spent Al
most the Entire Morning in
Attacking the Character
of Plaintiff.
Spocl«d Dispatch to Th« Call.
MAJUPOSA. Sept. 28.— When court
opened for the fourth day of the Bite
divorce case this morning both plaintiff
and defendant ware absent. It was stated
to the court that Hite was sick in San
Francisco and that the dusky plaintiff
was under th» care of Dr. George H. Bur
nott of Mariposa.
. Thosa who have watched the triai
closely have formed an idea that the
plaintiff's staff of city lawyers were keep
ing something carefully In the back
ground. The evidence mostly so far has
been hearsay. Men have testified to hear
ing John Hit a acknowledge Lucy Hlte as
his wife, but there is another part and a
big one that wu to have been decisive.
That was no less than a hotel register
containing the signature, "John R. Hite
and wife." This was said to be in th»»
handwriting of the plaintiff.
It now appears that the introduction of
this book Is problematical. Attorney
Charles M. Hanlon brought to Manp >sa
with him some gunny sacks containing
the registers of the El Capitan Hotel of
Merced. On one page, so it is now said.
was the Inscription, "John R. Hite and
wife, Hites Cove. " Nothing was known
of this star pieca of evidence until it be
came known, that the signature of John
R, Hlte and wife had in the night or some
time this morning been erased. The sig
nature was in pencil.
Lucy Hite's attorneys say they will es
tablish the fact that the signature existed
and that the defendant and plaintiff trav
eled as man and wife at the time. Ugly
stories are afloat concerning the erasure,
but no definite charges are made.
Much of the testimony to-day was of the
sort that cannot be reproduced in a news
paper. This afternoon the dofense took its
turn and confined itself .^entirely to at
tacking the character of Lucy Hite.
A number of witnesses were ex
amined by Attorney Foote to show that
the plaintiff in the case was a dissolute
and Immoral woman and not the wife of
John R. Hite.
The morning session was occupied
largely in reading letters addressed to
Tnomas Gibbs by John R. Hite and iden
tified by Gibbs. To-night The Call corre
spondent visited Lucy Hite at her hotel
She has been ill to-day and ap
peared weak and nervous.
'T »w did Mr. Hite refer to you when
:oed you to his friends?" was
"He called me his wife, Mrs.
not ashamed of me then."
While making this statement Lucy
!.roke down and cried bitterly. She
ired worried at the mishap tothe El
ter, and looked more
led than at any time during the
trial.
MINING ENGINEERS
VIEWING THE STATE
Entertained by the Stanford Faculty
at Palo Alto.
SAN" JOSE, Sept. 2?.— The party of tour
lnp mining engineers and their friends I
• pot their first Bight of the rich and i
beautiful Santa Clara Valley to-day, and
to-night they are enthusiastic over what j
they have seen and full of anticipations I
of oither Del Monte or the New Almaden
quicksilver mine and the twenty-mile
drive to it, according as they have chosen .
the alternate trips arranged for to-mor
row.
Leaving San Francisco at 9:30 a, m.,
the Eastern special train with the car '
of the California Miners* Association at- I
tached, stopped for two hours at Palo ]
• Alto, where President Jordan and mem
bers of the faculty escorted the entire
party in carriases about the university
estate. At the stock farm a number of
the finest' animals, including the famous
Blue Bells were displayed to the admir
ing crowd, while a strong-lunged horse
man gave equine biographies under a
live-oak tree. "When he told that the
progeny of Blue Bells had sold for $500,
--000, every camera soon clicked. Cameras
are abundant and busy in. this party.
The university was hastily toured, aria
later luncheon at the Vendome in San
Jos.} was followed by an excursion to
Mount Hamilton, attended by forty-five ■
of the party and by drives about Sari Jose
for the rest.
To-morrow night the party leaves for
the real mining sections, and will reach
Colfax and Grass Valley Saturday morn
ing. In the party to-day are seventy-five j
people, of whom twenty-two are members |
of the California Miners' Association. '
ENGINEER IN PRISON.
Ed Turner Has Been for Months
Awaiting Trial.
PTTEBLA, Mex.. Sept. 28.—Ed Turner,
an American engineer, whose former
home was at Wichita. Kane., has been in
close confinement in prison at Orizaba
Hi JC, since last March, awaiting trial on
the, charge of being responsible for an
accident to a train on which he was enpi
neer on the Mexican and Vera Cruz road
Turner's friends here have made re
peated efforts to secure a trial of tho case
or the prisoner's release, but without suc
cess. Turner is in bad physical condition
on account of his long confinement.
To Succeed Reed.
PORTLAND, Me., Sept. 28.—The Demo
crats of the First Maine Congressional
District to-day nominated Luther F
M>Kinney of Bridpeton for the seat made
vacant by the resignation of Thomas B
Reed.
Free Tickets
t£jk_Orpheum!
our ro urn
Lenox * Ivory Soap
Save Your Wrappers and Get
Free Tickets to the Orpheum.
The Johnson=Locke Mercantile Co.
204 F"noNT Stmeet, San Francisco,
Will Exchange for Lenox and Ivory Soap Wrappers
FREE TICKETS TO THE ORPHEUM
UNDER THE FOLLOWING CONDITIONS:
If You Want a Sei > d 25 Wra PP« r s of LENOX SOAP
Or 12 Wrappers of IVORY SOAP
Reserved Seat Or else serjd 15 Wrappers of LENOX SOAP
* and 6 Wrappers of IVORY SOAP
if vm Wnnr a Send 50 Wrappers of LENOX SOAP
Or 24 Wrappers of IVORY SOAP
Reserved Seat Or else send 25 Wrappers of LENOX SOAP
and 12 Wrappers of IVORY SOAP
RANCH DESTROYED
BY A YAQUI BAND
Sharp Encounter With
Mexican Cowboys.
FATALITIES ON BOTH SIDES
CAMPAIGN TO OPEN AGAINST
THE MAYAS.
General Garcia Will Lead the Land
Forces Against Them in the
State of Yucatan Very
Soon.
Sprelal Dlsratch to The Call.
AUSTIN. Tex.. Sept. 18.— A dispatch j
from Ortiz, state of Bonora, Mexico, says
that a band of about 200 Yaqui Indians j
who are making their rendezvous near |
the Tetacumblate attacked the ranch of !
Longordo Benult. near that place, and |
after a fight with a force of about fifty
Mexican cowboys, in which several of the
latter were killed, the Indians burned all !
the ranch buildings and drove off sev- |
eral hundred head of cattle and horses !
into the mountains.
Benuit had been on friendly terms with j
the Yaquis for many years, but is al- ;
leged to have furnished General Torres' <
force of Mexican troops with food sup
plies recently. His family was in Guay
mas when the attack on the ranch was j
made.
OAXACA. Mex., Sept. 2<v— The military
authorities heru were to-day advised that
orders had been issued for an active cam- j
paign against the Maya Indians in the
state of Yucatan to begin October 1. Gen
eral Lorenzo Garcia, who is now at Pro- ;
sreso, will be in command of the land
5. The fleet of small gunboats will
be in charge or" naval officers from the ;
Mexican schoolship Zaragozo.
The rebellious Indians are congregated !
In large numbers along the border of Brit- !
Ish Honduras. The base of supplies and
military stores for the Mexican troops
during the campaign is on the island of j
Cozumel, off the coast of Yucatan.
This Island has a fine bay. perfectly
safe for vessels. San Miguel, the princi- ■
pal town on the Island, has a population
of about 8000.
LADY BROOME SPENDS
AN HOUR IN JAIL
Penalty Inflicted for Interfering
With and Resisting an
O nicer.
SANTA BARBARA, Sept. 2S.— Lady
Frances Broome yesterday reaped the
fruits of her forcible opposition to the
civil authorities. b»in£r compelled to spend
an hour in the County Jail under sentence
of the Superior Court. The judgment
also carried a fine of $100.
Lady Broome appeared in court at -
o'clock. She had no attorney, but was
accompanied by Rev. Mr. Ramsay. Judev
Day presided on the bench, and when be
risked the defendant if she was ready for
sentence she wanted further time. lie
replied that there had already been suf
ficient delay and inquired if she had any
reasons to offer why sentence should not
be pronounced. She answered that she
was not guiity.
"A Jury has decided otherwise." re
marked the Judge, and without further
comment paesed the judgment— one hour
in the County Jail and a fine of $100. The
defendant did not betray any feelings of
emotion, more than a passing cloud,
which soon gave way to an expression of
relief. She was evidently surprised that
the sentence was not greater.
The court proceeded to other business,
and a moment later Sheriff Stewart wont
up to Mrs, Broome and spoke a word,
whereupon she arose and, accompani>-'l by
her pastor, followed the officer out of th*_
room and down the su:ir«. She did nor
have much to wy, except that it was a
disgrace that she should receive such
ment They entered the jail at a few
minutes past 2 o'clock and spent the hour
in the sitting room of the county prison.
Rev. Mr. Ramsay remaining by her side
during the ordeal.
When the time had passed and she was
given her freedom she stepped into her
carriage, which had been standing in
front of the courthouse, and drove away.
Cm April 0. while the City Marshal arid
twelve deputies were tearing down the
cypress hedge in the street in front of h<^r
property, by order of the City Council.
Lady Broome commanded them to leave
and when they refused she picked up a
pickax and struck Marshal Martin. The
jury found her guilty of resisting an
officer.
■ ♦ ■
The Original Little Beneficencla Publics
Co. of San Francisco. Drawing
September 28. 1899.
No. 365C9 wins $3750. sold in Oaktanl. Cn! :
No. 31446 wins $1200. sold in San Francisco,
Cal.; No. 32404 wins $623. sold In Pan Francisco
Cal. Nos. ISBO2. 31095, 35722, 46752 and 5?. »i.' each
wins $62 50, sold in San Francisco and Oakland,
Cal. •
X IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL X
"t HI. Harcourt Clarke's Great Yachting +
4- Song, "To the Winner of the Cup." +
New Mining Camp.
TACOMA, Sept. 2*.— A new placer min
ing camp has been discovered at Cape
Prince of Wales, according to Frank
Eialght, a mining- mar, from Salt Lake,
returned from Cape Nome several
days ago on the stennvrd Alliance. If.
claims that prospectors brought this re
port to Nome about September l, causing
a stampede at several dosen miners to
the new diggings, which are about a hun
dred miles north of Nome. As near as
he could learn, gold was first found there
by nvmbers of the Kimball expedition,
which has been procuring reindeer for
Alaska. Hait, r ht believes the gold bear-
Ins beach extends frum Nome to Cape
Prince of Wales.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 2S. 1899.
T^IHE Autumn- Winter term of THE CALL'S HOME
JH STUDY CIRCLE will open Monday, October 16th,
)|f presenting the following courses of study:
f
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS
Popular Studies in Shakespeare.
TUESDAYS I
The World's Great Artists.
WEDNESDAYS i
Desk Studies for Girls.
Shop and Trade Studies for Boys.
FRIDAYSi
t
Great American Statesmen.
SATURDAYS i
Home Science and Household Economy.
Full particulars in 32-page booklet, handsomely illustrated, which will be mailed free of charge
on request. Address Manager Home Study Circle, The San Francisco Call, San Francisco.
COLLISIONS ON
MEXICAN ROADS
Seven People in a Street
Car Killed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
EL PASO, Tex., Sept. 28.— Conductor
Coffee and Engineer Martin of the Mexi
can Central Railroad have just reached
here after a quick trip from Custitlin,
Mexico, near Mexico City, where their
train telencoped a freight in front of them
and killed an American cattleman, who
iraa riding in the caboose. 'I>e trainmen
hurried away immediately to avoid ar
rest.
Two American engineers from the Mex
ico and Yera Cruz road came in last night
locked up in a Pullman by their friends.
Th.-ir train collided in the suburbs of
Mexico City with a streetcar tilled with
ry penile returning from the opera,
killing seven persona and w.mnding sev
eral others. One of the engineers was
riding in the cab when the accident hap
pened, and considered it best not to re
main behind. The Mexican (irr-man was
arrested and the conductor is still hiding
in the interior.
The trainmen give a vivid account of
r 1 Ir escape from the Mexican officers,
who pursued them closely. Had it not
be<'n for the master mechanic at T'oluca.
who tired up an engine and conveyed
them for many milf-p northward, tTiey
would have been captured.
WRECK IN MEXICO.
Engine Jumps the Track and Five
Lives Are Lost.
AUSTIN. Sept. 28.— A dispatch from
Tampico. Mexico, pays that the steep
mountain grade on the Tampico branch of
the Mexican Central Railroad below Car
denas was the scene of another terrible
accident, In which five men lost their
lives.
The biir freight engine jumped the track
while going down the grade, and the long
train of cars followed It over the preci
pice. The American engineer and con
ductor, two Mexican wr.nrl passers and a
brakeman are reported killed.
FIGHTING FOREST
FIRES IN THE SOUTH
Five Square Miles of Timber De
stroyed in San Diego
County.
SAN DIEOO. Sept. 2S.— The forest flrvs
In the mountains of this county whi/h
havr be^n raginK for the past two weeks
are the worst ever known he-re. Reports
from Palomar Mountain give graphic de
scriptions of the great devastation of tim
ber in that beautiful park region. M< 11
and -women have been lighting the fire
day and night, many going two or jthr->e
days without fnod or slppp.
About five square mile.'-- of the choicest
timber lands of Smith Mountain are ut
terly destroyed, Mid many settler;- had
great difficulty in saving their houa «
Slany cattle are known to have bf-en
burned up. Deer, snakes and mountain
lions have beaa driven down to the set
tlements. The fire is now partially under
control, although that burning on Cuya
maca Mountain Is still raying.
High School Athletes.
WOODLAND, Sppt. 2S.— The High School
Athletic Association has been reorganized,
and will soon be open to challenges from
other high schools for tennis, football,
baseball, track and gymnasium events.
The association numbers about forty
members and contains some very prom
ising talent.
Fire at Marysville.
MARYSVILLE, Sept. 28.— The residence
of Herman Juch wafe destroyed by fire
at 12 o'clock last night. The exact cause
of the blaze is unknown. The loss Is $4500;
Insurance $8000.
INDIA'S HORROR
INTENSIFIED
Latest Reports of the
Floods.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALCUTTA, Sept. 25.-Lieutenant Gov
'. ernor Sir John Woodbury announced to
the Council yesterday that 400 lives were
lost through the floods at Darjeeling, cap
ital of the district of that name, In ad
dition to those drowned on the plains.
Great havoc has been caused at Kur
seong. The Margaretchope estate lost luO
acres and the- Mealand factory was de
; stroyed. Some coolies were buried in the
ruins of the managers house, which was
' partially destroyed. The Avongrove es
tate lost thirty acres and 4000 tea bushes
The coolie lines were swept away and
many persons were killed, but the exact
i number is not known. A factory was aiso
destroyed at this place.
A huge landslide below St. Mary's Semi
nary uestroyed the railroad bridge and
completely blocked the road. A breach
I thirty yards wide was made, and the rails
1 are hanging in the air. It is thought the
break cannot be repaired within thirty
days.
'lelegraphic communication between
Calcutta and Darjee^ling has been re-es
'■ tabllshed, but railroad traffic beyond
j Kurseong is not likely to be resumed for
I a long time. The road is impassable for
i horses, and travelers are only able to
! journey on foot and with much difficulty.
The Methodists, whose stations and
schools have suffered from the earth
, quake, are American misspionaries.
Queen Victoria, on hearing of the dis
aster, tefegraplnil her profound sympathy
j to the bereaved families.
The story of tii>- destruction of the Ida
; Villa branch of the Calcutta Girls" School,
: supported by the American Methodists, is
: related by Miss Staiil. who saved many
I of the children.
A landslide compelled the occupants to
leave the building, and Miss Stahl, quid
: ing the children, commenced a perilous
j climb, finally gaining the Mall road. All
the time rain was pouring down in tor
rents, the earth was shaking and the
! children were terrified. Tlv blackness of
the night, falling boulders. t!n> crashing
of trees and fears of earthquake finally
compelled the party to fly into the night,
William Burlep. thf> sole survivor of
those who were caught In the landslide at
Ida Villa, say? that when it was seen that
escape was Impossible a sister made all
kneel in prayer, and while kneeling the
house wns swept away.
It is estimated that the loss to the tea
garden proprietors Is $5.fi00.00n.
EARTH'S CRUST IS
SLOWLY SINKING
Serious Disturbances Near Arequipa,
Peru. Greatly Alarm the
Inhabitants.
LIMA. Peru, Sept. 28.— The inhabitants
of Canderave and Poclata. about 150 miles
southeast of Arequipa. Peru, have been
kept in almost constant alarm since Au
gust 15 by seismic disturbances in that
district.
Fn a territory about a league In circum
ference the crust of the earth is sinking.
At many points there are wide cracks, and
it is feared that the hill on the side of
which Canderave is situated wil collapse.
Tax Exemption Club.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 2".—
The Stanford University Tax Exemption
club held its annual meeting to-day and
elected the following officers for the ensu
ing year: George E. Crothers, '95, presi
dent; J. F. Sheehan, '95, secretary and
treasurer. Executive committee —C. B.
Whittier, '93; Ed Rea, '95; C. K. Field.
'95; F. V. Keesling, '9S; O. C. Leiter. "99-
Frank Adams, '00; J. R. Hamilton, '00.
The club outlined its action for the year,
preparatory to an active campaign next
fall.
AMUSEMENTS.
DEWEY NIGHT TO-NIGHT.
JENNIE YEAMANS, FRANK CUSHMAN.
! SEYMOUR & DUPREE. FREDERICK HAL-
LEX & MOLLIE FULLER, BRIGHT BROS..
STIXSOX AND MERTO.V, TERRY AND
LAMBERT,
HUNGARIAN BOYS' MILITARY
FAND.
Reserved Seats, 2'.e: Balcony, 10c; Opera
! Chairs and Box Seats, M!c.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
October I.— FELIX MORRIS & COMPANY
for one week only in repertoire.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 532.
MATINEE TO-MORROW AFTERNOON.
CROWDED AND ENTHUSIASTIC HOUSES
NIGHTLY.
POSITIVELY LAST THREE NIGHTS
Of Offenbach's Famous Comic Opera,
THE
DRUM MAJOR'S
DAUGHTER.
Hear the Glorious Finale to the Second Act
See the Beautiful Whlte'and Silver March of
Beautiful Girls. ';r; -
NEXT WEEK— RIP VAN WINKLE.
Usual Popular Prices.... 10c. l.'.c, !sc, 35c, 50c
Best Reserved Seat at Saturday Matinee, 25c.
Branch Ticket Office — Emporium.
ALCAZAR™
MATINEE TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
LAST THREE NIGHTS
Of the New York Lyceum Theater Hit,
THE IDLER.
I
A Drama of Great Moral Strength Dramatically
Told.
NEXT WEEK!
Roland Reed's Laughable Comedy,
♦'INNOCENT AS A LAMB."
« SEATS NOW ON SALE.
Special Refined Ladies' Vaudeville Club at
MECHANICS' FAIR
AT THE—
PAVILION TO-NIGHT.
Gibson & Worrell, the old plantation danc-
ers- Musical Fletcher, the strange instrumen-
talist: Harry Mangels and Etta Aronpon. fancy
dances; Miss Pearl Hlckman and Senor Pablo
Tlster on main :taee.
A' great show, for the 23 cents price of admis-
sion to the Fair.
Special concert to-night by Miss Pauline "W.
Heymanson, late of the Royal Academy of Lon-
don at 9 o'clock shar:i. ■
Have you seen Mrs. Hearst's University
plans? ■
Watch out for the International Baby Show
on MONDAY, October 2.
TUESDAY, October 3— Turners' and Wood-
men of the World night. '
jj i±_ tf^_ q^_ m_ <fc »% <^i <fc b
#VI3ItDR, JORDAN'S GREAT i
S MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*!
A £& 10511USSZ? ST. let. 6>l»7t!i. Z.T.ZiI i
T Of The Largest Anatomical Museum in the y
A _^JL^ World. \Veakne««s or any contracted m
V (CCg> disease |i«-«t«i»«-l; r.y.hr oijest V
£IPf£ I P ecJJll ' ltcn the Coast. Est-36y-ai^ 0
i fl*X? OR- JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
\ 1 fSBBI Consultation free at i strictly private. \ :
0 I I^GlB Tr. itment personally or by letter. Ai
r I I r q| ■ Pat me Cure in every c.i ;e undertaken. | T I
IB II 11 A Write for Boole. PBIIOROPHVcI A
f I I 1™ MARRIAGE, MA II tO FREE, (AT
A■A '■ lii '•;■'■■ valuable book for men} :- , A
7 DB. JORDAN * CO, 1051 Ma. feet St.. S. F. f
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA,
modjeska.
ASSISTED BY
JOHN B. K^EiLLERO
And a Company of Players.
LAST 2 MATINEE SATURDAY.
Clinton Stuart" s New Historical Play,
MARIE ANTOINETTE!
. NOTE— will rise at 8 o'clock sharp.
Next — Second and Last Week of
MODJESKA.
Monday Nigrht and Saturday Matinee—
"MUCH ADO ABOUT NOTHING."
Tuesday. Thursday and Friday Nlght«—
"MARY STUART."
Wednesday and Saturday Nights — "MAC-
BETH."
SEATS NOW READY.
CALIFORNIA THEATER. ffi li F " llw
juaitan. TREMENDOUS
rtgg* B*B^^8 * 8^^ DEMAND FOR
/>££&&&&£§& SEATS TO SEE
|P?^£?% MR. REN
ife/f HENDRICKS
ft »es-5B ■f«sfci v lt^ In tne ew Comedy-
%L S VJi Drama,
I^l j A Yenmne
Mijj&yjK Yentleman.
1 1 r&7s>s^J £%■?' Popular Prices, 75c,
gyLff£gf(^y f/yi-4 ; ' n ° anrl 25c - Matinees
9 "*Ng9C '^ Saturday and Sunday,
> * w * 25c and 50c.
"~" Box Office now open. J
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
THE BEAUTIFUL OPERA
"MARTHA."
TO-NIGHT. TO-NIGHT.
AND SATURDAY MATINEE.
FINAL PERFORMANCES OF
"OTHELLO."
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY EVENINGS.
A GREAT CAST IN EACH OPERA.
POPULAR PRICES 25 and 50 cents
Telephone for Seats, Bush 9.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1899- CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB— I9OO
Winter Meeting, beginning SATURDAY, Sep-
tember 23, 1899.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday. Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1. 1:30. 2, 2:30 and S p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance tv th»
track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
All trains via Oakland Mole connect with San
Pablo avenue Electric Cars at Seventh and i
Broadway. Oakland. Also all trains vie. Ala-
meda Mole connect with I San Pablo avenue
cars at Fourteenth and Broadway, Oakland.
These electric cars go direct to the track in fif-
teen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., President.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary. - . .
C l7ie™£!i Hotels j
The covered passageway connecting these !
two immense structures places under one
management 1400 rooms, more than half of ■
which have baths attached.
Those who appreciate exclusive clientele, !
perfection in cooking, efficient service, and
close proximity to business and amusement
centers can obtain these requirements here. i
■ European plan, $1.00 up. American plan, |
$3.00 up. John C. Kixktatricx,
Manager, j
AMUSEMENTS.
WALTER L, MAIN'S
3=Ring
Circus.
MENAGERIE!
RACING CARNIVAL!
ROUGH RIDERS!
TO-DAY AT 2. TONIGHT AT 8,
SIXTEENTH AND FOLSOM.
ALSO SUNDAY.
PRICES:
General admission 800
| Children a.'o
i Reserved seats 750
I Chairs in grand stand fI.OO
Seats in Vienna boxes $1.50
SALE NOW ON AT WILL & FINCK'S.
I LAST POPULAR EXCURSION
SANTACRUZ
SUNDAY/OCTOBER 1.
Personally Conducted by MR WM. H. MEN-
TON, Excursion Passenger Agent,
Southern Pacific Company.
ONLY $2 FOR THE ROUND TRIP.
FIVE HOURS AT THE SEASIDE.
MUSIC AND BOATRACES.
Tickets on sale at 613 Market st., Grand Ho-
tel, Sept. 17, 2S. 29 and 30 and at the ferry
lajiding on morning of excursion.
Lsave ferry landing, foot of Market St.. T:43
a. m. : Retprning, arrive in San Francisco at
8:05 p. m. E. O. McO">RMICK,
Passenger Traffic Manager.
T. H. GOODMAN. C.^n. Pass. Agent.
CONCERTS AND iIESOHTS.
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNf ON AND EVENING.
ADGIE, THE "GEISHA" GIRL. AND HER
LIONS.
AND A GREAT VAUDEVILLE BILL.
HARMON AND SEARURY. Worlds Champion
Httfh Divers.
SATURDAY NIGHT - JKFFRIES-FITZSIM-
MONS FIGHT.
Reproduced by the Animatoscope.
SEE THE a GIANT GALAPAGOS.
Phone for Seats, Park 23.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS ■
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. U.
ADMISSION 10c. CHILDREN sc.
Bathing. Including Admission, 2."c; children, 2oc
ON AND AFTER SUNDAY, OCTOBER L
THE SUTRO BATHS CLOSE AT 6 V. M.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
Is a Great Restorative, Invigorator ana Ner-
vine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs of both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy foe Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on its own Merits.
NABER. ALFS & BUUNE. Agenta.
323 Market street, S. F.-(Send for Circular,!
78
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Dried Fruits looking up in New York.
Advance in the cheaper grades of Salt.
Pig Lead advanced.
Silver and financial quotations unaltered.
Wheat continues its slow upward movement.
Barley higher, but dull on the spot.
firm, but quid. Rye and Corn unchanged.
Hay dull and weak. Feedstuff s firm.
Beans and Seeds continue inactive and unchanged.
Decreased imports of specie this year.
Linseed Oil lower and Turpcniine higher. '
Meat market as previously quoted.
Fair demand for Provisions on Government account.
Heavy Eastern sales of Prunes for experrt.
Limes cut of market for the moment.
Peaches higher and scarce. Cranberries Icwer.
Less Poultrx on the market. Game still scarce.
Potatoes and Vegetables about the same.
Eggs continue to advance. Butter and Cheese unchanged.
Charters.
Tho Aloha "' ma Ala load rr.dse for
for Hilo.
The Lucile loads coal at Tacoma for Hono
lulu.
Th.- Japan loads lumber on the Sound for
Guayaquil.
The Ca.stlf? Rock was chartered prior to ar
rival for wheat to Europe, !2a 6d; option of
barley. 355.
The Port Patrick was chartered prior to ar
rival for whoat to Europe, .:.:.- »d; or barley,
-
A Ra '■ ■ Steep Price.
41 Ivii » fit f Oit t I 1 J. nit.
An Item is going the rounds of the interior
rross. that Prunes are selling at 2."c per lb in
Missouri towns, notably Hannibal. This is
palpably i the retail price for a sirgle pound,
r.nii la hxh at that, for in Kansas City, the
nt-art-st iliftributinsr point. Prunes are quoted
et wholesale at from 7V 2 c for the large sizes
down. Growers should not confound wholesale
quotations with the price some Individual
■grocer charges for a hatful.
Imports of Specie.
Imports of specie by spa at this port luring
the first elcht months of the year were $13,
--224,000! agin^t 51y.C53.000 during: the sa?.w t.me in
is'.iS. ami consisted of i',v>.'Zs in gold bullion,
$11, 170; 429 In gold coin, $1,095,651 in silver bul
lion and J355.157 in silver coin. The bulk of this
yearja Imports came from Australia In the
form of *10,47C.4"S In English sovereigns, while
llexioo sent $1,759,259 in silver dollars.
Imports of Groceries.
■ Imports of groceries at this port during the
flrrt eiirht months of the year were as follows,
compared with the same time in IS3S: Sugar,
107.454,000 lbs, valued at $8,732,600, against 237,-
Jc3.CCO lbs at $8,602,600; Coffeo, 22.435.CCm lbs, at
$2,336,900,"'aga1n5t l';.:.'-i3.51>0 lbs at *7r.4,155; Rice,
44.131.CC0 lbs., at $567,150. against 35.175,6 i« lbs at
$798,740.
Fruit and Salmon in England.
Fruits continue in request at very firm rates
In London; says the Grocers* Gazette, especially
pears, supplies of which are short, and some
of the principal canners have, it is stated,
'our.d it necessary to cut their contracts* to the
extent ♦-* Z> per cent. Prices are, it is reported,
higher in California; A quantity of new
season's foods, principally apricots, has arrived
overland. The "demand for salmon continues to
bo good; which Is no doubt attributed to the
continuance of the summer weather, and a
cciiPliieral'le volume of business has been done
both In spot gixids and to arrive at full rates.
In regard to the new season's pack of Fraser
River Ealmon, it is believed that London, as
well as Liverpool, will receive a fair supply;
Trustworthy ad\ices have come to hand that
r-.-a.-f!' River tall tins and 'i-lb flat tins will
be limited in quantity, and lan<e purchases
have, it la stated, been made by wholesale
houses in anticipation of these shortages.
Gold and Stocks.
_
The New York circular of Henry Clews Bays:
"Our Au^u«t exports of merchandise show an
excels over imports upon a sea which. If con
tinued, must ultimately put it in our power to
draw gold from Europe; but the present cours
of exchange, though slowly yielding in that
direction. Ones not bring that movement within
Hitii.;. From such Indications as appear on th'_
surface, it soems quite possible that the trade
balance may net bring us any appreciable
amount of gold until the return of currency
from the intt-rior has restored .1 normal ease in
money at this center. In that case we .-hall
be in less urgent need ■);' the metal, ami its
course will be toward the point where there is
the greatest demand for it. Lai experience
luis shown that American balances may rest in
Europe tt. the extent of seventy to eignty mill
lons, v hen the money is r.eedPd mure there
than at home, an.l the comparative rates of
Interest here and abroad will determine
whether we sha! have a repetition of that con
dition during the next fey.- months. It is not
unlikely that, after importing a moderate
amount of specie, we should oe willing to per
mit It to accumulate abroad; and that is the
more probable in prospect of the extraordinary
travel fi-om here next year to the Paris Expo
r ition.
•'Wail street has had the equinoctial gale
which I toreahadowfrd was forthcoming and
■Which culminated in Wednesday's severe break.
produced by a combination ol circumstances —
tight money in thl3 country, the Dreyfus mat
ter in France and the African war cloud in
I^ndon— aftei.tinsj the three great money cen
ters. The shook has come and gone without
any serious disasters occurring other than se-
Vci-e liquidation, the worst of which may now
Ik- regarded as over. A recovery in ■me as
well as in prices is now the natural sequence.
Prices, however, must not be expected t>> ad
vance to booming figures; for. while the money
markft Is easier, it is far from affording fa
cilities to provide for an extended bull cam
paifpi Until the flow oC money is pronounced
ly this way. therefore, the conditions only
warrant a trading market, and prices have now
reached a fair bus'.s to juptity buying an.l sell-
Ing any of the good active stocks for the wide
1,11.1 irequent fluctuations that we are likely to
nave In the immediate future."
Dried Fruit Looking Up.
:ty an"' f; kv; „
OM NEW YORK.
Mail advices from New York say of dried
fruit; "After long waiting dealers In dried
fruits are rewarded with a more active and con-
Blderably stronger market. While there has
been no material advance in spot prices there
is a ... feeling on the coast, which is
manifesting itself in the market for future or
prompt delivery. Prunes are held with m re
confidence. Rulsins only await the announce
incnt of prices on th* new crop to gO into con-
BumpUon very rapidly, and there is a better
re-fling In peaches. Intimations of this eh: :se
liuve been noted during the past week from
timo to time, but not until within a day or two
!.as the difference been sufficiently marked to
Make any appreciable change in trading. With
a firmer ffellr.E nil along the line, likely at any
time to develop into increased piicftf,. the out
i.^k in much improved and the condition of
initial depression has given way to one of more
hopefulness and expectation of goo.l business
curing the next two or three month*.
"The hints which have been picked up here
!»r,«l then; concerning probable large sal of
prunes ure no doubt based upon substantial
sales It has been said that exporters have
been buying freely at :i Jo basis f^r the four
r:z«-3 in bags, but it is not absolutely certain
that such 13 the fact. There is great reluctance
to trivw u;> the farts, and dealers, while they
<3o not d<?ny the statement outright, refuse to
give out any particulars, if they have them to
Cive out. ■ - tlie large rales reviously reported
fes behicr negotiated have really been consum
mated. 1111 wny him been opened for active
movement ilurir.g the holiday Beason. There is
vory llttlp change in quotations on ppot good*.
but tlu-y ere held (irmly up to quomlr.ns, and
lltUe or no disposition to shade .- shown.
' i 'caches are n-portod as doing better, par
llttilariy the smaller sizes. It Is said that con-
S. • 'able snlfß are being made, chiefly for
W. stern account, and that the prospect Is much
nv:re encouraging. Tli?rc Is. however, the fact
thet the output in largo, much larger than last
ryfir, and i hat the total Is not yet In shape
!' r accurate estimate. Many dealers think It
■••'.s-r not to join the rnnks ..! large buyers Just
;Pt believing that thtre will be enough to go
ittxiund without raJalns prices much nbove the
present level. Some liberal sales have been
made la this market recent ■ . and there re
paid to be negotiations in progress tor others,
but the particulars htve not been Riven out. .
"Apricots are In better demand and the en
tire trade has a better appearance. While no |
quotable change In prices has occurred, holders ;
are more in earnest and refuse concessions
which they have made heretofore to Influence
1 ueiness."
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 28, 5 p. m.
Teh following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 56 Pan Diego 60!
Fresno 96 ; fjaeramento 84 |
Los Angeles 80 independence 92
Ued Bluff 92;Yuma 104
San Luis Obi€po 78
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
56; minimum. 50; mean. 53.
The pressure has fallen rapidly over the
northern half of the Pacific Slope, and there 1
are some indications of the approach of a blow |
oft" the coast north of Vancouver Island. There ;
has been a slight rise in pressure over Califor
nia and Arizona. The temperature has fallen
rapidly over the interior if California, Cooler
weather will probably prevail in the fruit-dry- !
ing districts. Cloudy weather is reported along
the coast from San Francisco to Eureka.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hour:-:, ending midnight. September 2?:
For Northern California— Cloudy Friday, with
showers in northern portion; light southeast- ;
erly winds.
For Southern California -Cloudy Friday; light
southerly winds.
For Nevada — Cloudy; cooler Friday.
F,«r Utah— Fair Friday.
For Arizona — cooler Friday.
For San Francisco and vicinity— Fri
day; threatening in the morning; light south
easterly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADTE,
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS,
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. 28.— market for se- !
curities to-day was a small and tame affair by
contrast with the violent fluctuations of the
earlier period of the money stringency. The
rate for call money vibrated between 12 and 14
per cent during the periods of active demand, j
but after that was satisfied well by quick j
stages to 3 per cent. The need of borrowers
over the ensuing holidays was satisfied in
large part in anticipation of pressure for ac- j
commodation to-day, and consequently to-day's I
higher rate did not reach within 6 per cent of ;
yesterday. The bank statement was unfavor- i
able beyond all expressed anticipation. Al
though the outgo to the sub-treasury was re
duced to. $LISC,OCO, four days of business, the
losses of cash to the interior brought the total
reduction in the reserve up to $4,545,800. In j
spite of a net reduction in loans of $7,752,700 the j
nv-ager surplus reserve was still further re
duced $1 23'J ..... It is obvious that loans made
in the last tew days on the Slock Exchange do
not figure largely in this showing, and the ac
commodations were probably secured by dealers
i in money who ha.', supplied themselves time
loans me time ago and who put their sup
plies out again at the profitable ruling rates j
In ice of the loans called by the banks to ■
m*et the October settlement. The showing ot
llip bank statement and the continued tight- j
ness of money were offset by the additional en- j
menu of gold for import and the drop in j
the rate for sterling exchange to very nearly
the regular port rate. The sentiment on the
Stock Exchange was that further relief to the :
muney market from this source is now avail- ;
; able and that a regular movement of gold is
now inaugurated. No pressure of liquidation
was manliest, and present holders of stock
await a more favorable turn of affairs. The :
confidence in further gold imports was em
phasized by the failure -* the H;.nk of Eng- j
land to advance Us official discount rate, not- 1
withstanding the fact that the principal de- |
mand for money in London is now thrown
upon me central Institution by reason of the
I higher prevailing private rate of discount. A
fall In sterling exchange In response to the
former discounts there suggested additional ;
pressure in London for gold from that source
alone. With gold moving to New York, some •
measure of protection by the bank at an early
day may be accepted as a certainty. The in
terior money markets in this country gave no
evidence of "a relaxation of the pressure upon
New York for funds. New York exchange at in- :
i terior points tending rather downward. Some
relief Is anticipated next week from dividend
and interest disbursements and from the ;
i money left in the city by the visitors to the
Dewey celebration. Except tor a recovery of
31-, In Tennessee Coal, gains of '• ; 4 and 2 in the
ISt Louis Southwestern stocks and wide move
ments in a few usually inactive stocks, to
day's market was without notable Incident.
The total dealings fell to the level or the mld
pummer period of dullness. Dealings In bonds
were on a Email scale and price chances were
mixed. Total sales, par value, $1,325,000.
United States new 4s declined 4 in the bid
PI The elimination of two days from the busi
ness week, and the prospect of dullness next
week consequent upon the yacht races, ac
centuated the speculative stagnation which
always follows a period of unusual activity in
the Ftock market nnd limited the transactions
of the last four days. I
The hope is expressed that the dividend and
i Interest disbursement may serve to relive some
what the local pressure upon the money mar
ket. Many wildly varying estimates are beard
also of the effect of expenditures by Dewey day
visitors on the local money supply. But as to '
the main causes of the depletion of banking re- |
serves, it is manifest that the needs of the in
terior for money to move the crops are not yet
1 appeased. Neither Is any cessation of the
I absorption of the money by the treasury in
eihht, as the Government's expenditures are 1
! now running well under receipts. The August
surplus will apparently be doubled in Septem
ber and the July deficit in more than wiped out,
1 leaving a growing surplus as the fiscal year
I progresses. There has been constant demand ■
for all the >;■.! 1 certificates which have been \
available at the New York sub-treasury. But.
as these simply served to convert the gold of
New j.irk banks Into a form more desired by
' the depositors, their distribution has aug- S
mented rates rather than relieved the decline •
on New York banks. Many of the clearing
house Institutions started the week with their
reserves under the legal limit and with addi- j
tional demands upon them there has been i
I further calling of loans. The stock market has j
been unprepared to move upward under the !
i circumstances, but It has shown signs of resist- '
«>>...• to a decline also which marie the bears I
wary of raiding stocks. It Is evident that I
; stocks are much less vunerable to attack and
that weak speculative holdings on margin and
' with borrowed money have been shaken down
! upon a more solid foundation. Stocks with in
trinsic merit were taken 8* such times by
I powerful interests not dependent upon or
dinary money market reserves. Some of these
provided ■ themselves with funds in time to.
answer before the present stringency set In and
have a handsome profit available now by re
i loaning on call. No small part of the current j
transactions in money are or this character and :
j naturally do not affect the showing of th«
i banks at all. There have been several monthly
reports by (rreat ' railway systems during the !
■week, bowing extraordinarily favorable re- j
• sults and reports of -weekly gross earnings :
■ 5-how the high level well maintained. The
Transvaal developments caused but Blight in- !
fluence on the local stock market.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closine j '
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
1,715 At bison 20% '
9,150 AtchlEon prefd 82%
210 Baltimore A- Ohio 50
100 Canadian Pacific 9114
Canada Southern 52%
200 Central Pacific £B*4
•400 Chesapeake & Ohio 23%.
1,000 Chicago Great Western 14%!
2,825 Chicago Burlln«rton & Quincy 123% j
1
THE SAN FRANCISCO (^ALL, FRITIAT. SEPTEMBER 29, 1399.
100 Chicago Ind & Louisville 11
... — Chicago lnd & Louisville prefd 43Vi
200 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 93
Chicago & Northwestern /..166V4
1,100 Chicago Hock Island & Pac, ex div.ll2
2'") C C C 4 St Louis 65!4
625 Colorado Southern : : 5V*
450 Colorado Southern Ist prefd 45
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16
Delaware & Hud50n....... 122
730 Delaware ' Lack & Western IS7
200 Denver & Rio Grande 21>£
300 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 75
1.110 Erie 12%
200 Erie Ist prefd 36H
COO Great Northern prefd 163
200 Hooking Coal 17%
Hocking Valley 31
135 Illinois Centra] 112',i
lowa Central m*
lowa Central- prefd 67"-s
1,625 Kansas City Ipttsburg & Gulf B>i
Lake Erie & Western .• 19
Lake Erie & Western prefd 77
300 Lake Shore 205
2.300 Louisville & Nashville 77^
B. ISO Manhattan L lOSVi
2,818 Metropolitan Street Ry, x div IS6V*
200 Mexican Central .■ n>4
Minneapolis <& St Louts. 71
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 94
1,800 Missouri Pacific 44%
800 Mobile & Ohio ; 44Vi
Missouri Kansas & Texas 12^
250 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.... 39>' 4
000 New Jersey Central 118%
1.600 New York Central, ex d1v..... 134%
600 Norfolk & Western 24^4
895 Norfolk & Western prefd 69
2,250 Northern Pacific 52 1 *
800 Northern Pacific prefd 74» 4
800 Ontario & Western 25
Oregon Railway & Nay 43
175 Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 7514
1,426 Pennsylvania 131 4
Reading 3194
2.200 Reading Ist prefd SSH
100 Reading 2d pr-fd 3214
Rio Grande Western 371,
Rio Grande Western prefd 80%
St Louis & San Fran 111.4
St Louis & San Fran Ist prefd.. 70
600 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd .-if.,
700 St Louis Southwestern 15'
1,050 St Louis Southwestern prefd 35v:
7.525 St Paul 12 637.
St Paul prefd fr!l7B
St Paul & Omaha 124
12,500 Southern Pacific " 37*:
200 Southern Railway mi
1,492 Southern Railway prefd " ci^
100 Texas & Pacific ' jest '
1.722 Union Pacific '.'.'.'.'."".'" 44^
I 2,139 Union Pacific prefd " 7«u
200 Wabash !."."!!! 7*
300 Wabash prefd " %i%l j
1,615 Wheeling & Lake Erie ........'..."" 12
575 Wheeling & Lake Erie prefd $\\ i
200 Wisconsin Central .. is !
p c c & st 1 ;;;;■ n
Express Companies—
Adams m i
American .'.. 117
United States ..."" ' ""' 50 I
Wells Fargo ;; 130 I
Miscellaneous —
400 American Cotton Oil 431/
600 American Cotton Oil prefd " Mi* I
American Malting 1514
200 American Malting prefd... ' 6S "
100 American Smelting & Ref . 37
120 American Smeltfng .v Ref prefd.... ?6>4 !
American Spirits 51^,
American Spirits prefd 3Q&,
•4.3 M American Steel Hoop 4'-v. j
200 American Steel Hoop prefd &41;
3.0.-.0 American Steel & Wire f,o\
125 American Steel & Wire prefd ;■.".■■ 4 !
300 American Tin Plate 39' '
American Tin Plate prefd s,;\, i
15.G.M) American Tobacco i\.,C I
American Tobacco prefd 143"!
2.050 Anaconda Mining Co ; mi. !
63,280 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 91
1,420 Colorado Fuel & Iron 6ST4
3,050 Continental Tobacco 4:".,
600 Continental Tobacco prefd 9$
2.830 Federal Steel .'3
1.460 Federal Steel prefd '-•■•.
General Electric 120
405 Glucose Sugar gou
Glucose Sugar prefd 10$ ~ |
101 Internationa] Paper 27 3 4 I
SOO International Paper prefd 73% I
Laclede Gas 65Vi j
National Biscuit 4514 i
National Biscuit prefd 66 Vs j
200 National Lead 254 '
National Lead prefd 11014 '
220 National Steel 50*, I
400 National Steel prefd 94%
New York Air Brake 165' '
400 North American 12%
100 Pacific Coast ■;•■-, i
Pacific Coast Ist prefd 82
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 63
150 Pacific Mail 404
2.270 pie's Gas 110 "
Pressed Steel Car 55%
Pressed Steel Car prefd SS
225 Pullman Palace Car 172
110 Standard Rope & Twine 6%
12,740 Sugar 143*4
Sugar prefd 117
4,460 Tennessee Coal & Iron 11514 I
5.120 United States Leather 14%
5,070 United States leather prefd 79 i
United States Rubber 47%
Unite. States Rubber prefd 114
350 Western Union 88
620 Republic Iron & Steel 27 T 4
3GO Republic Iron & Steel prefd 72 1 , i
220.200 Shares Sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s reg 100?* ,'M X & T 2ds 70
Do 3s reg 107' ii Do 4s 93%
Do 3s coup 10M; NYC lsts 112
Do new 4b reg 130 X.7 C gen na 118
Do new 4s c0up. .130 N Carolina 6s 130
Do old 4s reg lll'/s Do 4s 104 j
Do old 4 S coup. ..113 N Pacific lsts 113
Do 5s reg lll^i Do 3s 65%
Do 5a coup 111*4 Do 4s 103-}s
Diet of Col 3.655. ...117 N y C & St L 45..l 7-
Ala class A 103 N& W con 4s 94^
Do clas3 B 109 Do gen '">s 135
Do class C 103 Or Nay lsts 118
Do currency 100 Do 4s 103
Atch pen 4s 102 Or Short Line 65. ..127
Do adj 4s SIM Do con 5s 114
Can So 2ds 109 Reading gen 45..... 56%
Ches & Ohio 4'ss.. 95% R G w lsts 9SV4
Do Es 118% Bt L & I M con 55. 112%
Chi & N con 7s 145 St L& S F pen 6«.124Vi
Do S F deb 55.... 120 Bt Paul cons 173 1
Chi Term 4s 97 St PC A P 15t5. ...121
I) &R G Lsts 1084 Do 5s 120? i
Do 4b 99VSo Railway 5s 109
E T V & G 15t5.... 103 Stand R & T 69.... 83
Erie gen 4s 71' i Term new set 3s 97
VWft D C lsts.. 77VsiTex & Pac lsts. 115
Gen Elec os 119 Do 2ds 56
GII&S A6s 108 V Pacific 4s 104
Do 2ds ins Wabash lsts 115
H&T cas 110% Do 2ds ....100
Do con Gs 11l Wpst Shore 4n 112%
lowa Cent l?ts 114T4 Wls Cent lsts 76
X C P & G lsts.... 73% Va Centuries 87U
La new con 4s 106 j Do deferred 5
L & N unl 4s lOiji^.c & S 4s »-,%.
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 35; Ontario 6 75
Crown Point 15 Ophlr 90
Con Cal & Va 1 65 1 Plymouth 8
Deadwood 70 | Quicksilver 2 00
.Gould & Curry 20 Do prefil 750
Hale & Norcross... Bierra Nevada 66
Homestake 65 00 Standard 3 20
Iron Silver 53 Union Con 35
Mexican 33 1 Yellow Jacket 25
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Mcney — I Union Land SV.
Call loans 4V4@6 | West End 9314
Tlnv> loans .5 fad | Do prefd 113-,
Stocks — I WesttnghOWH Elec 47V
A T & S F 2n^| Do prefd 68 !
Do prefd 62% Bonds-
Bell Telephone.. 358 JAtonison 4s 100
American 5ugar.. .1434 Mining Slier.
Do prefd li- Adventure 7 j
Boston & A1bany. .2594 AHouei Mining Co 5
Boston Elevated... lol4 Atlantic 28H
Boston & Maine 200 Boston & M0nt. ..360
C B & Q 129}; Butt* & 805t0n.... 76
Edison Elec 111 ...108 Calumet A Hecla..7M
Fltchburg- prefd 122 Centennial "4' A
General Electric. ..ll9H I Franklin 18
Do prefd 141 Humboldt 1%
Federal Steel 53 j Osceola M\i
Do prefd 7S\i! Parrot 494
Mexican Central... 14 jQulncy 155
Mich Telephone — 106 Siinta Fe Copper.. 12>4 :
Old Colony 2'T, Tamarack 224
Old Dominion 34V4;Utah 41
Rubber 47',4j Wlnona 9
Union Pacific 44Vd! Wolverines 42 ,
. The Money Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. 28.— Money on call easier
nt 3@14 per cent; last loan, 3 per cent. Prime i
mercantile paper, 64496 per cent. Sterling ex- I
change heavy, with actual business In bankers' !
bills at $4 B4%fM Ss]& lor demand and at $4 SIV4 I
(&4 Sl*i for 00 days. Posted rates, *4 S2H«4 83 ]
and $4 Slifj4 86>2. Commercial bills. $4 80 ,. I
Silver certificates, n9@6oc Par Silver, ESVsc.
Mexican Dollars, 47Vic. Government bonds \
■weak; State bonds inactive; railroad bonds Ir
regular. - :
Imports of Specie.
NEW YORK. Sept. 28.— The Imports of specie
this week were $15,565 goll and $48,288 silver.
The imports of dry goods at the port of New
York this week were valued at $2,007,138.
Cash in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Sept.. 25. -To-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Av;ill
uble cash balance, $259. 246,2*0; gold reserve,
$254,33C,fU4.
London Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. 28. -The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram Fays:
The markets here to-day were dull as dish
water waiting the Cabinet meeting and tha
Dewey holidays. The tone was drooping, but
scarcely to a barren basis. Americans were
becalmed.
Spanish 4s were 60%; Tintos. 45%; Anacon
das, in 11-16 and in some demand: Utahs. R
bid. a rise of 5-16, caused by a puff in Truth.
The bank rate was not changed, but a rise 'is
expected next week.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Sept. 28.— Canadian Pacific, 93*4,
Northern Pacific preferred, 77: Atchison. 21V;;
Grand Trunk, 7 6 »: Anaconda. ION,. Rar Silver,
steady at 27d per ounce. Money, 2H per cent.
Associated Banks' Statement.
NEW YORK. Sept. 28.— The Financier says:
The statement of the New York clearing-house
banks. Issued Thursday, September 28, covers
the average operations of the preceding four
days only. The showing Is not favorable, but
prospects Indicate that the current exhibit will
bo the last to convey evidences of the liquida
tion which has been a marked feature of the
situation since the opening ofj June. The main
feature of the statement is the loss of four
and a half millions In cash, mostly in the
form of legals. The knowi; business of the
weok to date did not call "nr a decrease Of
that magnitude. The banks ;met the contrac
tion In large part by decreasing their loans.
The loss in that Item has' been $7.7'j2,7yiJ.
Deposits show a loss of $1.' 7 . 226, 200, which is
rather more than the changes in cash and
deposits called for. but the contraction lessened
reserve requirements by ovi'r three millions
and the remainder, or $1,239,750, came out of
the surplus reserve, bringing the excess cash
in banks down to 11.714. 450. The next state
ment of the banks will not appear until Octo
ber 6, and the ensuing nine or ten days will
probably show improvement*, so far as
the New York banks are concerned. An a
result of the holidays in New York an amount
of money not easy to calculate will come into
tho banks here, and while this Is an uncertain
and temporary factor th?r>' Is no question that
Its effect will be to increase the current sup
plies of each. The gold engaged for import
will not arrive In time to figure in the next
statement, but the imports and the rising na
tional bank circulation figures show at least
the general trend of the situation and what
may be expected In the near future. The de
mands for remittance to the Interior are not
increasing and while Interior banks have doubt
less loaned heavily here it is not expected
that these funds will operate to the disad
vantage of local Institutions once the pressure
is over. At about this season every year re
serves in New York begin to recuperate and
It is only natural to look for the usual recovery
from this time on. T'nless all clems fall, there
fore, It may be set down that the crlti<\i!
point In tho fall money movement has been
weathered. This fines not mean, necessarily,
that money rates will strike an exceptionally
low rate soon.
Bradstreet's Financial Review.
NEW YORK. Sept. 2S .— Bra-Istrepfg to-mor
row will cay: The two days' reces? on account
of the Dewey reception gave a holiday appear
ance to the whole week In the stork market.
Large Interests seemed to be doing nothing ami
the public took no part. The professional room
traders were, therefore. In control and at first
depressed prices with comparative eaf* on the
threatening aspect of the Transvaal situation,
and more especially on the Increased firmness
of our own market. The New York bank state
ment of last Saturday showed, It !s true, an In
crease of $2.610,1.00 In surplus reserve, but the
figure displaying a further loss of $3,500,000
'■nsh and a contraction of $17.500,000 in loans
could only Indlcatae that the banks have been
meeting enormous interior demand for funds
by nailing in loans in the stock market.
The same process was apparent in the state
ment put out on Thursday from the clearing
house for the four days ending then. Shipments
of monoy to the Interior continues tills week,
an<l th>> October disbursements and the holidays
also influenced the Rltuatlon, call money being
scarcer and the demands of the market tem
porarily more iin-ss'ng. As a result we have
hiirt not only a 6 to 10 prr cent money market
this week, but on.- In which, as on Wednes
day, 15 per cent or more wa< paid for very
considerable amounts. This naturally caused
- n•■ further liquidation of speculative ac
counts, though the opportunity for this Is to
a large .i^gree now exhausted, weakly held
stocks being pretty thoroughly shaken out.
Brooklyn Rapid Transit hold Its position as
the active feature. Further conflicting rep irts
as to the control of the company carried the
pri^e up to '.'3'z and from there back to 87%,
with another rise t 1 92%. The stories afloat,
lnc'.iu'.lng, as they do, reforencs to a possible
combination of all traction interests, caused
) ith Manhattan and Metropolitan tr> advance.
American Tobacco was one Of the features. It
declined from 1244 t(l n. r >*t '^ selling, which
was explained by tho declaration In the West
of only the rc-irular I 1 * per cent dividend with
out the expected increase. United States Leather
common has been strong, rising to 15 on the ex
pected appearance of the readjustment plan.
The industrials, however, apart frim s t: ■
signs of manipulative support In the Steel
group, wore neglected, soiling off easily on
moderate pressure and rallying with equal fa
cility.
Bradstrect's on Trade.
NEW YORK. Sept. 28.— Bradstreet's will say:
The notal le feature of the business week is the
-■'] of agricultural products. E>Ul trade
continues go..d, though it is conceded at sev
eral markets that the biggest part of the fall
business has be«>n done und that reorders from
n-w on will cut the largest figure. Weather
conditions, while favorable to cotton harvest-
Ing, are claimed to be hurtful to further growth
because >i the dry weather. Outside specula
tiv( Interest In that staple, sh;<rt covering
partly, it is claimed, on foreign account, and
the exceptional strength of the manufacturing
Industry, the products of which are In active
ad and tending upward, are all reflected
in the rani'i advances for both futures and
spots. Visible supplies, while considerably
larger than In recently preceding years, are
Slightly smaller than they were in 1895, since
when consumption has unquestionably heavily
increased. Middling uplands are now %c
higher than at the beginning- Of the month.,
l'se hither than last year, and 2c above the
lowest point reached on tho 1898-99 crop. The
extension of tho price agreement as regards
print cloths, the new one, however, covering
: '!:■■ Prodi!.-'., has strengthened the
situation In cotton (.''-Ms and at tho same time
is credited with presenting an obstacle to ti.e
progress to the proposed combination talked of
for some t!:ne i>ast.
Wheat has remained stea-dily strong, growing
firmer toward tho. close on enlarged foreign
buying and uncertainty as to the outcome of
South African affairs. Sympathetic strength Is
displayed l>y corn and other cereals. Increased
foreign demand is reported largely responsible
too for the stronger tone and advances shown
in hog products. Wool has continued strong:
and in active demand both at home and abroad.
Some American buying is reported nt the Lon
don sales, which will close earlier than ex
pected, owing to .-xhaustion of supplies. In the
manufacturing branch of the trade the demand
Is reported active.
There, is a quieter tone at most of the mar
k.i.-- for steel, and larre buyers have been,
most of them, out of tho market. There is no
diminution In strength, however, and a num
ber of advances, notably on Southern iron and
steel billets, are reported. Complaints of back
ward deliveries are as numerous as ever. Lum
ber remains active at most markets, though
complaints of slow delivery, due to lack of cars,
are nlso heard.
Southern manufacturers have advanced the
price ol Stoves, which are nearly a third higher
tliHii a year ago, and plow manufacturers have
also Joined in this movement, making the third
advance within a year in this branch of farm
implements.
An equally strong; tendency as to price 1b
noted In hardware, particularly builders'
grades.
Wheat, inclurlln^ flour, shipments for five
days ae-gregate .V J ,22.500 bushels, against 4,630,
--766 bushels last week. 6,206,871 bushels in the
corresponding week of IS3B. 6,884,246 bushels In
1897 4,215,784 bushels In 1*.% and 2.61.T.5CG bush
els In 1895.
SI nee July 1 this season the exports of wheat
aggregate 49,966,060 bushels, against 47.
bushels last year and 56.144,771 bushels in 1897
--!--
■-. fnliures for the week in the United
States, five days, number 131. as compared with
H7 '.ast week 16G In this week a year ago, IS9
in 1897, 35 in isr*i and 245 In 18!>5.
ruisinees failures In the Dominion of Cannia
for the week, five days, number n. as compared
with 13 last week. 23 in this week a year ago,
33 In 1897, 23 in ISM and 37 In 1896.
New York Grain and Produce. I
NEW YORK, Sept. 2S.— Receipts,
28,144 barrels; exports. 19,111. Moderately active
but firmer- with wheat, closing with an upward
tendency.
WHEAT— Receipts, 170, bushels; exports,
184.472. ; Spot. firm: No. 2 red. 77iie f. o. b.
afloat spot; No. 1 Northern Duluth. Sl%c.f. o.
b. afloat to arrive; No. 1 hard Duluth. S4%c to
arrive; No. 2 red, 75% c elevator. Options
opened firm at an advance of %c on better
cables than looked for and disappointing North
west receipts further advanced them He. Cov
ering followed renewed and louder war talk.
There were numerous partial reactions on de
creasing Bales, but the general temper of the
market was much better, with speculation more
active than for some time past. The market
was finally firm at an advance of Ifc'f'fi points;
May. 79 15-1«©8O%C, closing at So%c: Septem
ber. 75%@75K-c. closed 7o^4c; October, 75 ! 4{i>
75% c, closed 75% c; December, 77Vi'978c, closed
77% c.
HOPS— DuII.
WOOL— Strong.
PETROLEUM-Strong.
METALS— lnterest In motals wan not broa'..
nor were there any variations of importance
In the local metal market to-day. As news
from Europe and primary points In the Y>'est
portrayed no significant new phases in the
I Hunt Inn til tklf«i-- on;?** tiuyi'rn iind seller*
Wrfß lfii-|ln«il tp- .r i .-'it,ri! nil. until ">'••■• tilt
liilHmth. At th- riiiHi. ;nit lStt*J ir»<*l>aii«tt:
»'i"ij?i .?;._ (V lin  ...,. milt on! unirlJaul
m *'*-- ■"-,.•
■ (."OIipER-TJuU nt.hKltff. , ...
TIN-^ml*-*. tuiM<-I?.C Mil aujl' ££ ■: , «J"x}-
TitiAt»-<ri]fs. TBlth If 01 till itflil H X »«Unl.
31>i* ■7 | ni^*77T I>rlo; Mr Jeut U |« + 1 axuVSur
3pen.' > rtl:~i4iu.t l ' •»vtt* |ri?J l.ia anil ,»S W
Mil. -.1
»*OKfoK-Oriiiun« >:|ii<a<l •-{•'rt.iv .ny»; '»'
-rl;an«sl W 3 yniht- lo^-er. PWc« '. "• ' '»**>
lyt'ttwlTnir: O--ttit";r. Ti 2,'< i «nVetii^"r. It 1*0;
Imorr^ir. »* si"7* rrr- Jnnu*n\ -H "0 Mtr«n.
ti tj.*»w,- .Mfc.y, J4 »siji .4>: ion--. fi '* "JliJ/i
.' : ■ Sm- PJi>, nu\tt but ■'
rwJlu. nwfrti,. . _
«!•■:.'. i i. Ira rvwrtlimi mM wr- -.: ifflnd,
i . "us rv..-*wci^.
■ • • j' 1 Juki •tVAimry. IW»
J?il^i>—,ni— «.»:•<* ;,TXO r*rli««'--. Wii »«!
►«r«»-i: VV«'»l''m unimvinl it rr.o-. 1 ;. Utfi
.DnVii Fruit in A r vtt' >>r^
— —
HMi#: oyJ »iHiiiv
.... 'tmie*. ■ '.
\T*J
I'BXi riv.-- '•'■;-« '<••..
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Sept. 28.— Liverpool played a
prominent part in Influencing the early tone of
wheat trading. That market opened lower, but
quickly recovered, and at the opening here
showed good advances. This was regarded as
Indicating the seriousness of the Transvaal
situation. Early indications also pointed to
large clearances for the day. Outside buying
was quite heavy at the opening, New York
houses being especially prominent. The open
ing in December was at 73%@73%c, an advance
of hi<B%c over yesterday's close. This was at
call price and for a time the market met heavy
selling against these privileges. A good deal
of general profit taking was also done and a
decline In December to 73% c took place, but be
fore 11 o'clock the market had again become
strong with heavy and general buying. The
continual falling off In receipts at prominent
receiving points attracted more attention, and
the belief was more general that the winter
wheat supplies from now on would be much
lighter. New York and St. Louis at the same
time reported numerous acceptances of yester
day's cabled offers. Best prices were obtained
In the last hour of trading. The market during
that time exhibited a good deal of nervousness
and the price changed rapidly, though within
a narrow range. Realizing was heavy, but on
all slight breaks the market received substan
tial support, and though best prices -were not
maintained, the close was at a substantial ad
vance. A good improvement in the demand for
flour was reported and this had an influence on
speculative trading. The market at the close
showed a marked growth of bull sentiment
■among local traders, and trading throughout
showed the effects of Increased outside Interest.
A bull feature was the falling oft of 800,000
bushels In primary receipts in the past four
days. December advanced to 74V»c and reacted
to 73% C where it closed. Considerable trading
was done in May, and that future developed
more strength than anything else on the floor.
It closed 3*c higher at 73% c.
I Corn was fairly active and Irregular. There
I was heavy liquidation of September by the in
terests supposed to be most prominent on the
; long side and this influenced the market all
day. Deferred futures, in which trading was
mostly of a scalping nature, were veak for a
I time In .sympathy, but later recovered on cover-
I ing by shorts and closed steady. December
closed Vie higher at 304 c. September closed y*c
lower at 32% c.
Oats reflected the action of com, September
1 bring weak on moderate liquidation In spite of
■ small receipts, v.-hile deferred futures were
steady. Trading was small and mostly of a
Bcal] nature. The cash demand was rather
slow. December cl<v«ed a shade higher at 22"*
@23c; September Closed V c lower at 22% c.
Provisions were firm and in good demand. The
chief influence was the heavy cash demand and
fair advances were scored (luring the morning
on buying by local operators and exporters.
Later heavy selling by packers caused a re
■ action, but the market closed steady at plight
changes. January pork closed 2Vic lower at
$9 80. January lard unchanged at $5 62' 2 and
January ribs a shade lower at $5 12%.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
September 74-% 74"^ 74% 74%
December 73^ 74H 73% 73%
May 76 76% 75% 76%
" Corn No. —
September 33 33 ?.2% 32H
! December 30 30% 29% 30>4
May 804 30% 30% 30%
! Oats No. 2—
September 22 22% 22% .22%
December 23 23 . 12% 23
May 24« 24V4 23% 24J4
Mess Pork. per barrel—
October 22% 8 22% 815 820
December ..8 40 8 40 8 30 8 32%
January ...S 824 . 9 82% 980 980
Lard, per 100 pounds-
October 545 545 5 42% 5 42%
December 5 52% 5 52% 550 550
January 565 560 6 62% 5 62%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
October '...5 15 5 17% 5 12% 5 12%
I January .5 15 5 15 5 10 5 12%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
firm: No. 3 spring wheat. 65@71%c; No. 2 red,
7?, 'if; 74 Vic: No. 2 corn, 32 1 4<i?32V; No. 2 oats,
' "•< ?23c: No. 2 white, 25Vi'«25Vic: No. 3 white.
24 1 -.^'.'." 1 »c: No. 2 rye, 58\4c; No. 2 barley, 3&(ff
44c; Nor 1 flaxseed. $1 12: new flaxseert, $1 13;
prime timothy seed. $2 2r.f72 30; mess pork, per
barrel, $7 t'lOfiS 25: lard, per 100 pounds, $3 3D'?!!
5 50; short ribs sides (loose), $5 OvQa 40; dry
salted shoulders (boxed), 6@6Hc; short clear
sides (boxed), $•"■ Bo®6 80; whisky, distillers' fln-
Ished goods, per gallon. $1 22.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 25.000 12.000
Wheat, bushels 234.000 18,000
Corn, bushels 763, 708,060
Oats bushels 304.000 275.000
Rye, bushels 10,000 1.000
Barley, bushels 86,000 16,001)
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creamery. 10i522Vsc: dairy. 13
rSlBc. Cheese, firm; ll@m;c. Eggs, firm; fresh,
16i*(3:17c.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. Dec. Mar.
Opening 5 WT4 6 X 6 2V4
Closing 6 11% 6 IVi 6 3
PARIS.
! Wheat— Sept. Jan. -Apr.
Opening 19 15 20 15
Closing 19 00 20 10
Flour—
Opening » 60 21 .->.•>
Closing 25 30 26 45
California Fruit Sales.
4 _ : :
Tho. Enrl Fruit Company's sales of California
! fruit:
NEW YORK. Sept. 28.— Grapes— Malaga, 609
96c, single crates; Muscat. 30976 c; Tokay, 7."ci?f
?1 80, single crates; double crates, $1 4092 46.
■ Peaches— Uevl Cling. $1 2'Vs>l 3."i box. Plums-
-1 Coo's I^ate Rpd, SOc, single crates. Pears—
iiartlett. $1 05@» 40 box: vOcSJI 2* half box.
Prunes Italian, tWi 05. Twelve cars sold.
CHICAGO, Sept. SS.- Crapes- Malaga, 80@90c,
single crates. Peaches— Elbert A. 65c@$1 10
box. Pears— Hartlett. $1 7"i'(f2 SO box: $1./12
half box. Prunes— German, 80990 c, single
crntes: Gros, 90c©$l. Eight cars sold to-day.
LONDON, Sept. 28.— Pears— <">airgeau, $1 32,
two-fifths boxes; DII. $1 2091 26: Ducomlc«\
:$1 74''j 1 SB; Duchesse, Jl 32"iil 50. Plums—Co
lumbia. $1 3S, slnirle crates; Golden Drop, $1 SO
j 4j] P2; Kelsey. $3 S4. Quinces. $1 44 box.
P.i >STON. Sept. 2S. — Grapes— Malaga, slnsle
] crntes. SOc: Tokay, Soc@sl 10, average 85c; Sa
-1 bulskorkoi, $1 3001 35. average $1 "2. Peaches-
George's Late, luxes, $ITM " r >, average $1 06;
Lev! ding, $1 059' 2 ". average $1 14; Salway,
$! 15© 1 7*«, average Jl 25. Six ears sold to-day.
Favorable weather.
London Wool Market.
I LONDON. Sept. 2^. — Offerings nt the -wool
auction to-day amounted to 16. .160 b:ilor. Queens
land new clip greasy was well represented anil
competition for thin grade was very keen. Eng
land iund tho Continent securing the bulk of it.
Scoured merinos formed a large portion of the
catalogue, much of It bringing fancy prices.
'Die low qualities were Irregular. Crossbreds
were In large supply and sold briskly to the
horre trade. Germany and America paid high
figures for their specialties. Medium and fine
Fcoureds showed a hardening tendency. Lower,
coarse clips were irregular. A fair selection of
Falkland Islands stock was offered and It sold
well at an advance of 10 per cent. The sales
to date number 114. M0 bales.
1 ;■?;?', . 
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Sept. 2S.— CATTLE— Trade was
lively to-day, desirable lots being In active de
! mand at an -average advance of about 10c.
j Good to choice cattle sold at $5 75G6 80, com
■j moner lots nt $4 40.ff5 70; stockersi and feeders
t brought $354 85: bulls, cows and heifers, $16049
j f. 25; Texas | steers. $3 10©4 10; rangers, $3 35$
6 10 and calves, $4'S7 40.
HOGS— buying in Chicago packers and
Eastern shippers made a strong : hog market
and price* averaged 5c j higher. . Heavy hogs
sold at $4 2004 77%; mixed lots at $4 4504 s2>^
and light at $4 50©4 90. Pigs brought $4 10@4 80,
and culls $1 8004 15.
j SHEEP— in - sheep and lambs -was
i rather slow at the decline In prices. Sheep Bold
at $2 25^4 m, rscstly \v«*tera rangers. Year
i - ■ : ■:-■■ :, .•■-■ .... . - -
lings brought $4 10@4 40 and feeders $3 2^3 7^
Lambs sold at $3 25@8 75 for culls up to $S 25©
BM for choice native flocks. Western range
lambs brought $4 50@5 15. „>,„_„
Receipts— Cattle, 7000; hogs, 22,000; sheep,
14,000. ,
Imports at New York.
NEW YORK, Sept. 28.— Imports of dry goods
and merchandise at the port of New York for
the week were valued at $11,535,562.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or., Sept. 28.— Exchanges, $278,
--120; balances. $58,396.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. 2%.— The foreign and
Eastern markets showed further improvement
again to-day, the war scare having assumed
dimensions which are already making a firm
wheat market In England with a sympathetic
following in this country. Walla Walla wheat
sold at 60c to-day for a choice lot and It was
reported that a round lot changed hands in
Umatllla County at 50c in the interior. Valley,
60c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash., Sept. 28.— Wheat continues
plow. Better receipts are making exports easier.
Club, 5S'/ic; blue stem, 6H4C.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Sept. 28.— Consols, 104%f, ( ?llTer, 27;
French Rentes, lOOf 57% c; wheat cargoes oft
coast buyers and sellers Indifferent operators;
cargoes on passage, quiet and steady; No. 1
Standard California, 30s 9d; English country
LTVERPOL. Sept. 28.— Wheat, firm; wheat in
Paris, weak; flour in Paris, weak; French coun
try markets, dull.
COTTON— Uplands, 3%d.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL. Sept. 28.— WHEAT— Spot No. 2
red Western winter, firm, 5s ll^d; No. 1 North
ern spring, firm, Cs 3d. Futures— Steady; Sep
tember, 6s ll»id; December, os H4d; March,
6b 3d
CORN— Futures, quiet; September, 3s 7%d;
October, 3s 7%d; November, 3s 7d.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4) Si
: Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S7
Sterling Cables — 4 88
New York Exchange, eight — 12^ !
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Mexican Dollars 43 48%
Fine Silver, per ounce — 58Vt
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Invemmpay takes for Cork
13,496 ctls, valued at $14,170.
The market continues to advance and Is very j
stiff.
Liverpool came through lower and Paris ]
higher. Chicago opened inactive, but with a !
firm undertone. Broomhall cabled that the j
strength abroad was caused by the increased
seriousness of the Transvaal situation. The I
market was small, however, with local scalp- !
ing. Later on. however, clearances of nearly ]
1.000,000 bushels Wheat and Flour, coupled with ]
large Antwerp acceptances at St. Louis and ;
rumors that the September shorts were to be I
squeezed hardened the market, which continued
firm the balance of the day.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1053107%; milling,
$1 10®l 12%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— December—
4000 ctls. $111%; 2000, $111%.
Second Session— December— 4000 ctls, $112%;
12,000, 12Vi: 80C0. $1 12 I*.1 *. May— Booo, $1 lShi.
Regular Morning Session — December ofi.ooo :
ctls $1 12H: 4000. $1 12%; 6000. $1 12%. May— !
$118%: 40,000, $1 lS> /2 : 2000. $1 13%; 2000. $1 m*.
Afternoon Session — December — 10.000 ctls, I
$112V6: 14.000. $112; 6000. $112%. May—
$1 18%; 14,000, $1 IS: 6000, $1 18%.
BARLEY— Earl of Dunmore takes for
London 9517 ctls. valued at 110,000. Invcram
say, for Cork. 38,488 ctls, at 135,602.
A sh^rt Interest Is being squeezed on call,
and this hardens the whole market. At the
same time, the advanced asking quotations
deter buyers and trade is dull. Offerings are
Feed 76986 c; Brewing, 9CS~9Sc; Chevalier,
$16"! 12^ per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— lo,ooo ctls. S7'/.c:
18,000 S7c; 2100, 87% c. Seller "9°. new— 2uoo,
Ss^e: 2000. 85^c; 2000, Ss%c; 4000, Ks>ic.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— market is firm enough, but dull.
White. $1 05@l 25; Red. $1 06©l 32H: Black. 82^c
(gsl 02%.
CORN— Eastern large Yellow, $1 05; White
and mixed. $1 02<?l 05 per ctl.
RYE— 9O@SSc per ctl. :
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
California family extras, $3 SPSS 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras. $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington. $3 40C(j3 50 per barrel for ex
tra, $3 25<g3 40 for bakers' and $2 25@3 for su
perfine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacke are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra Cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal. $4 50@4 75;
Oat Groats. $4 75; Hominy. $3 25@3 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $4-74 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 75;
Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oat 3 (barrels), $6 5696 95; in sacks, $6 35@6 75;
Pearl Barley, $5; .Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Dullness continues to characteriza the Hay
market. FeedstufTs are rather flr.Ti than other
wise.
BRAN— SIS 50@17 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 60919 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $17 50018 per I
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $27#25; Jobbing,
J2S 50929; Cocoanut Cake. $2i>fJ2l; Cornmeal.
$23 50«24 50; Cracked Corn. $24926; Mixed Feed,
$16*116 50; Cottonseed Meal. $28 per ton.
HAY— Wheat, $7<SB 50 for common to good
and $90-9 2.'. for choice; Wheat and Oat, $Bi@
8; Oat. Se^S; Barley. $5@7; Island Barley. $s<a>
5 50; Alfalfa, $5@6 75 per ton; Compressed,
$6 5009.
STRAW— 2O@3Sc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Dealer? quote a firm but dull market for
Eeans and a dull market for See.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 65© 1 75; Small White,
$2 H(n2 15: Large White, $1 6091 75; Pinks.
$2 15@2 25; Reds, $1; Blackeye, $393 25; But
ters, nominal; Limas, $4 0694 15; Pea, $2 10$
2 15; Red Kidneys. $2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Mustard. !%9Sc; Yellow
Mustard, 3%ig4c; Flax, nominal; Canary Seed,
3">tc per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 2%93c; Hemp. 4@4^c;
Timothy, 4<ii4 1
DRIED PEAS— $1 50@l 63; Green, $1 75
j ©1 90 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Quotations for all descriptions under this i
head remain about the same. Sweet Potatoes
have sold off readily of late, and Tomatoes
stil! glut the market. Peas continue to ad
vance. Otherwise there is nothing new.
POTATOES— River Reds. 50<??75c; Early Rose,
405?55c; Burbanks, 40!S?6Sc per ctl: Salinas Bur
banks, 90c@$l 10; Sweet Potatoes, $1 25 for Riv
ers and $1 50 for Merced. ,
ONIONS— 7O@7Sc per ctl; Pickle Onions, 50®
75c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 3Va4c per lb;
String Beans. 293 c; Lima Beans, I 1^(g 1 2c;
Cabbage, 50960 c; River Tomatoes. 10g?15c: Ala
me.ia Tomatoes. 15930 c; Egg Plant, 25985 c;
Green Okra, 35ffi5Oc per box; Dried Okra, 12% c
per lb: Garlic. 2^3c; Green Peppers. 25@35c for
Chili and 25935 c per box for Bell; Carrots. 30*»
40c per rack: Bay Cucumbers. 26935 c; Pickles,
$1 75 per ctl for No. 1 and 75c for No. 2; Sum
mer Squash, 25^3."c; Marrowfat Squash, SS'S'IO
per ton. Green Corn, 20®50c per sack; 50c@$l
per crate for Alameda and 40'5 1 for Berkeley.
Poultry and Game.
Turkeys are weak and Hens are firm. Other
wise quotations stand about as before. There
is less Poultry on the market than at the be
ginning of the week.
Receipts of Game continue slender. The sea
son for everything opens on the Ist.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 15916 c for Gob
lers and 15916 c for Hens; Young Turkeys. 18®
19c; Geese, per pair. $1 75®2: Goslings. $1 ;;. ;, ■>
Ducks, $4fiT> for old and $s<g6 50 for young-;
Hens. $4 5006 50; young Roosters. ' $4 Webb; old
Roosters. $4':=i. Fryers, $3 6094; Broilers
$3 25{53 50 for large, $2 75«f3 for small; Pigeons
$1 2691 60 per dozen for old ard , $1 Ys®2 for
Squabs.
GAME— Doves, $1 25 per dozen: Grouse. ■ •
Sage Hens, ; Mountain Quail, ; 'Hare'
II 2591 50; Rabbits. $150; Gray Geese, $4 50;
Jack Snipe, per dozen
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter is. still dull and the views of dealers
differ widely as to the condition ■of the mar
ket. Those who are overstocked are weak,
while those ] who are lightly supplied are firm.
Quotations remain unchanged.
Eggs are still higher. Cheese is unchanged.
- BUTTER— • • ,
Creamery — Fancy Creamery, 25c, with
specials at 26c: seconds. 23@24c.
Dairy— Fancy. 22H(ji23e; good to choice. 21®
22c: store, nominal. "
Pickled roll, 21<g-21'»,c; firkin, 20; creamery
tub. 21%@22Hc per lb. •
Eastern, 17V4c for ladle packed.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. lie; old, 10®
AUCTION SALES.
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO.,
Auctioneers 31-33 Sutter St.; Tel., Main 51S1.
Biliiard and Pool Tables
AT AUCTION.
SATURDAY,
SATURDAY SEPTEMBER 3». 1899
At 12 o'clock, in salesrooms.
We will sell, by order of the manager of th*
California Hotel (on account of changing their
Billiard Hall Into v Banquet Hall),
THREE CAROM BILLIARD TABLE? and
TWO pool. TABLES, COMPLETE, with Balis,
Cues Racks etc. Tables now on exhibition In
our 'salesroom S . wARD g gpEAR &
Auctioneers, 31 and 33 Sutter st.
lO^cr Young America, ll@ll%c; Eastern, 14®
15 EGGS-Quoted at 21@23c for store and 28@
32c per dozen for ranch; Eastern 224<g20c for
selected. 21<&22c for No. 1 and 17@20c for no
onds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
•Wine Grapes continue to sell readily at the
high prices. Table Grapes continue cheap and
6 Cranberries are in limited demand and lower.
Other berries are dull. Peaches are higher and
scarce and the season- about over Plum*
too, are in small supply. Good Apples and
Pears show no weakness, though they are not
active Melons are about the same.
The market is bare of Limes, but fresh sup
piles are expected In a day or two. Lemons are
quiet and unchanged.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— for common and 75c
Apples. 35966 c per box for common and ISO
SSI 25 for good to choice.
BERRIES-Blackberries, $4@5 per chest:
•strawberries I7®B per chest for small and $2^3
for taw berries: Raspberries, 4 per chest;
Huckleberries, sii'7c per lb; Wisconsin Cran-
Wies. $7 50 per bbl; Cape Cod Cranberries.
?S Grapes, 25@35c per box for Sweetwater. 25®
40c *r Back, 25540 c for Muscat. 25®40c for
Tokay wlkc for Seedless, 40@50c for Corn!
oh in and 355--10 C for Isabellas: crates sell 10©15o
hißhe? Vine Grapes. $21@25 per ton for
Zlnfandel l and $17^20. for White.
Watermelons, $5&15 per 100.
Cantaloupes. 75c^?l 25 per crate; Nutmeg..
25(5 50c per box. .;__-..-
Pomegranates— 4o<g-sOc per box.
Pears Bartlett, $1 25&1 50 per box; Winter
re Tgs 40^ 75c per box. for double layers o£
Fies iiiit'Mc Der box for double layers of
black;" white are unsalable.
Peaches, per box. per box and crate.
Plums" and Prunes, 85975 c per box and crate.
CITRUS 3U -demons. $I<?2 for com
mon and 1294 for good to choice; Mexican
lin?es — = California Limes, $I@l 25; Ba
nanas! $1 5092 50 per bunch; Pineapple*. Sltf
2 50 Der dozen. _______
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
The situation is rapidly improving in th«
East as will be seen in the first column. The
New' York Journal of Commerce says that It
Is reported that for some time past there has
been an active export business In Prunes, but
the facts have been kept below the surface.
The movement has been large, however, and
some estimates place it at 1000 cars, of which
IS) cars were sold last week. This business has
been on a 3c basis. . ,
The demand for all fruits is steady on this
market and full figures are generally obtained.
Large Prunes are meeting with more inquiry.
DRIED FRUITS (New Crop)-Prunea. in
sacks SMiC for 40-50' s, 4V4c for 50-60 s, 3%iC for
60-70's 3®3%c for 70-80's. 353% c for 80-90's and
2&@2%c for 90-100's: Apricots, 10@llc for Roy
als .'Mr' for Moorparks and 12<S12V4c for Blen
heims; Peaches. 4>-&sc for Standards, sV<>@Bc
for choice and B&@7c for fancy; peeled Peaches,
l0<Sllc; Evaporated Apples. b(MV4c; Sun-dried,
4®sc per lb; Nectarines, 7*i@Sc per lb for
red and B®9c for white: Pears. s@7c for quar
ters and 7%99c for halves; Black Figs, 3c;
White Flks'. &©6%0: Plums. £%@6c for dark and
7©7V4c for bleached.
1. IZISIN S— Bleached Thompson s— Fancy, per
lb 10c- choice, 9c; standard, 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas—
Fancy per lb, B%c; choice. "V4C: standard, 6^c;
prime' &c; unbleached Sultanas, sc; Seedless.
50- lb boxes, sc; 2-crown loose Muscatels. sVjc;
3-crown fie; 4-crown. 6«. c; London Layers, 2
crown $1 50 per box; 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices are t. o. b. at common shipping points In
California. '
— Walnuts, new crop. SVic for standards
and B%c for softshell; Almonds. 10%@lU4e for
paper-shell. 899 c for soft and 4®Sc for hard
shell; Peanuts, s%@6?ic for Eastern; Brazil
Nuts, S4is9c; Filberts, 11@11%C; Pecans. 7H<380;
Cocoanuts, $4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, ll^c for bright and 10% c for
light amber; water white extracted, 7Vi@7^c;
light amber extracted. 6%@7c; dark. e^o per
BEESWAX— 24@26c per Ib.
Provisions.
Quotations remain undisturbed. The demanA
is fair and largely on Government account.
CURED MEATS— 9c per lb for heavy,
S^S'lOc for light medium, ll&c for light, 13c for
extra light and 13Vsc for sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, 13»*c; California Hams, 13c;
Mess Beef. $11 per bbl; extra Mess, $12 60; Fam
ily $14; extra Prime Pork, $12 50; extra clear,
$16 50; mess, $15912 50; Smoked Beef, 12c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6@6%c par lb for
compound and 7%c for pure; half barrels, pure,
8c; 10-lb tins. B%c; 5-lb tins, 9c.
COTTOLENE— 6%@7V4c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
steers, lie: medium. lO^ic: light, 10c; Cow
hides. 9%@10c; Stags. 6c; Salted Kip. 9c; Calf,
10c; Dry Hides, sound, 17c; culls and brands,
13c; Dry Kip and Veal, 16c; dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, yearlings, !o@3oc each; short
Wool. 35Q60c each; medium. 90c; long Wool,
90e95l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $252 25 for
large and $1 25-gi 50 for small; Colts, 20@50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%@3c per lb; No.
2, 4'(74 1 io; refined. ; grease, 2 < 52 1 -ic.
WOOL— Spring Clips— Valley Oregon, 17@18c;
Eastern Oregon. 12@14c for choice and 9®llVsO
for fair to good.
Fall Clip — San Joaquin Lambs, S@loc: do
plains. 7(33c; San Joaquin and Southern Moun
tain. 7%69c; Northern free, 9(gllc; do. de
fective, 7H@loc per lb.
HOPS— at 10<(il2c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Dealers quote the old prices, with fair sup
plies of everything.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7@7»ic per lb for Steers and 6%@70
for Cows.
VEAL— 10c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7c; Ewes, 6%c per lb.
LAMB— Spring. S'SSHc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 5%96%c for small, 6%0
for medium and .V^c for large: stock hogs an I
Feeders, 54c; dressed Hogs, 7@SV.c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7@7 1 4c: Wool
Bags, 26ig2Sc; Fruit Bags, SViC. 5%c and 6c for
the three grades of white and 7@7>4c for
bleached jute.
COAL— Wellington, SS per ton; New Welling
ton. $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
$6; Ftrvant. $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch. $8; Cumberland. $9 50 in bulk and $10 75
in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $12;
Cannel. $S per ton: Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke. $12 per ton In bulk and $14 In
sacks.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Com
pany ouotes, terms net cash; in 100-lb bag&j
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6%c; Pow«
dered, 5%c: Candy Grandulated, sc; Dry Gran
ulated. 4%c; Confectioners' A. 4%c; California
A. — ; Magnolia A. 4Hc: Extra C, 4%c; Golden
C, 4^c; barrels, l-16c more; half barrels, %c
more: boxes, %c more; 50-lb bags. He more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent. Dominoes, half barrels, 5%c; boxes,
5%c per lb.
LINSEED OIL— Is lower at 51c per gallon
for raw and 53c for boiled in barrels. Cases, 5o
more.
TURPENTINE— Is higher at 73c per gallon in
cases and 68c in drums or iron barrels.
CANNED GOODS— Earl of Dunmore
takes for London 250 cases Asparagus, 77,981
cases fruit and 22.652 cases salmon.
LlQUOßS— Shipment of 40.010 gallons Wine
and 8739 gallons Brandy to London.
PIG LEAD— Is higher at $4 7696 73.
SALT— The cheaper grades of Liverpool ar«
higher at $15 per ton: best grades, $22 60.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY. SEPTEMBER 28.
Flour, qr ska 20.512 Sugar, sks 1(3
Wheat, ct15....... 3.450; Sugar, bbls.. 6,670
Barley, ct15....... 3.330 '< Chicory, bbls 50
Corn, East. ctls.. 1,230 Wine. gals 60,250
Cheese, ctls 307 Leather, r0115.... ■'•
Butter, ctls Raisins. bxs 1.700
Tallow, ctls 2«iEggs, doe .5,T'»
Beans, sks 260 Wool bags - l *
Potatoes, sks 8,161 Pelts, bdls 3,2."«
Onions, sks.. 654 Hides, No 2>S
Middlings, sks... 350 ' Hops, bales ' '3
Bran, sks 1,463! Straw, tons 32
Mustard, sks 302 Hay, tons 551
Shorts, sks 29
OREGON.
Flour, qr 5k5..... l,Sl6iOats, ctls !.S3>
THE STOCK MARKET.
Securities were only fairly active on
calls, and beyond a slight improvemen' in
Giant Powder prices showed no changes W( :hy
of note.
Mining stocks were about as usual, with
Continued on Page 11.STATION D WILL
GET THE NEEDED
ROOM TOON
Important Conference
to That End.
. The prospects cf PoatoJOce Station D
rave brightened materially during the
ras; for:;.- -eight hours. Yesterday after
noon Karfcor Commissioner Kilbvirn, pres
ident of the board, annconced to a re
porter of The Call that an understand
ing has been reached, by reason of which
Station D will get all the rccm that is
needed for the prompt and satisfactory
transaction of business. Mr. Kliburn said
tha: he vras authorized to speak for his
associates. But Mr. KHbura would not
give any- particulars, because, he said,
that would be a breach of courtesy to
the parties interested. Beyond the state
ment that the conclusion will be satisfac
tory to all tne parties, which Mr. Kilburn
added to his original statemen:, he would
not gc. Mr. Kilburn also assumed that
nothing further will be given out at once,
which assumption was warranted by an
unavailing attempt to learn all tee facts
"VVecnesday afternoon. Messrs. Munro
ar.d Ersv'.n ci the postal service conferred
with Commissioner Kilburc. The Incon
veniences attending the present allotment
of space about the ferry were all gone
Into at length. The trouble, it was clear
ly set forth, was caused fcv the crc^sir?
oi the Wells-Fargo and other teams over
space on taelwhart occupied by the postal
People; also fay the fact that the poat
ofl *« station is on two Soors instead of
•-■r.e. Messrs. Munro and Erwfn made it
C '\t- M!r£ the r V? rter wa / argent
Mr. Munro said yesterday that he was
Surprised when he saw the 'facts concern
ing _t..e postal matter printed in yester
aay s Call; because th* matter had been
kept very quiet. K « w ± 3 of t -_ e o-,.^^
after talk:.-.? with Mr. Kilburn that the
postal station will get all the space ar.d
accommodation that is necessary from the
Harbor Commissioner?. "We "found Mr
Kilbnrn wiping to do all that he can and
>"c were impressed with the idea that the
present board sees the necessities of the '
case. I think that the matter wlii soon
oe adjusted sarisfaotorily."
There are only two ways to give th»
postal station more room. One way i« to
move the express company, and the* oth*
:s to move :he PostoCce Station -f>*
Neither wishes to move, but that one or
the other will move is certain. If Sta
tion D had the '•dolphin" In the rear ex
clusively there would be room enough for
its use for many years, and the additional
advantage would be enjoyed of freedom
from interruption. If Station D is moved
to any other part of the ferry building
the postal business would stlll.be subj-ct
to the Interruption of passins vehicles.
<jn the "dolphin" is room enough for the
Tracing qt additional buildings to accom
modate Station D all on one floor, which '
is much to be desired.'
THE PARADE.
"" Be In Une I
I
Celel
c
I
-
-
-
■ ■
DAY OF SHARP
ARGUMENTS ON
CHARTER CASE
♦
The Supreme Court
Hears Attorneys.
—
The Supreme Court, sitting? In bank,
Chief Justice Eeatty presiding-. listened to
the arsrumects In the charter case yester- !
ia.y morning and afternoon. E. S. Pi!"s- j
sury opened the forensic er.g-a?emen.t, and i
eras foHowed by Frar.klin K. Lane, who ]
rave way to Garre; McEnerney." Thomaa
V. Cator closed, and the court took the
:ase under advisement.
It is the old case of M. F. Frag-ley vs.
lames D. Pheian et al., fcegrun originally |
:o enjoin the holding- cf the election this ;
fail. Fragiey is represented by A. Ruef, <
rhoaaas V. Cator and E. S. PiUstury. and |
Fohn Garb-er of counsel. The city officials j
*"ho comprise the Board cf Election Corn- \
nissioners had their cause championed by !
Jarret McEr.erney, Henry X. Clement !
-.nd Franklin X- Lane. The courtroom '■
vas crowded during the entire day by at- :
:omeys, who listened with grtat a.tten
lon to the arjurnent.-? on b-^th sides.
Ptiiibury's argument was confined to the I
-gal aspect of the question. He contend- '
id that the act of 1:.5, which refers spe- •
■iricaily to precinct registration sjad pre- !
•Inct election, was violated in spirit and
etter
"Every voter of San Francisco had a '
■igb.l, material and mandatory,' to vote;
a any intermediate eitrction In the saa« :
reeints as ne would have vot*d at the j
text preceding general election." was the ■
:txt of Mr. Piilabary'a argument. He I
licieO tha.t the action ot tne Board of
Election Commissioners in consolidating
333 precints of the city into nlnety
'■<■-? destroyed the territorial boundaries
it '-'::- -recinctsand deprived the people oi (
rested rights ilr. Pulsbury's deductions j
from tkes« premises were that the act of j
March, ; 1.7, which wa-s "or the ors-acita- »
:iozi of a new form of municipal govern-;
scent for S A n Franoisco, was therefore
Inoperative for every purpose, ar.d that!
:he election wa3 carried on in violation of ■
Lh-e rights al electors as to place.
Franklin X Lane followed and replied i
:o the arsament of Mr. Pillsbury. He j
said in part:
, Cur bi7.-r is 1 x: aa election where '
every trr.t^r bis an cvsorttirAty tj vot* I
ii a iT..;-i ia the absence of fraud.
No alleraUco a-<j ro sre-uf that evsry
ei^-'t >r in. tcls cltj did not have noti>n» o f I
the tinn of. th» - slecti'-.n has been mad*.
.V^'i further, tbari is not an allegation cr ;
procf that there **.» fraud- I thick I can
jiy that where tlirre was such an elec
tion ai thin ! t ha? r.»v»r Ix-en declared In
valid ;n any court ;- the United stat*«.
Th-?y ciaim th* provUlena that in th<* act
cf IST3 relating to place cf er*oti«3a Is man
datory ia rafiSEKSe.}. Ta< reasca far that i
rule isjs to avoid fraud, acd every m«ajure j
far th* prevention cf fraud was allowed by
the E3ectlo» CcffimiMiot. wi-.h th* result '
that there was z.> possibility of the practice
of frdu.l. The rule d^ei not appi* wb.«r« '
every r*>Ukfis-pU.:e fl**: fey :n) . "Election
Ccmnnssion rercaina unchanged The mean- .
Ing of the statute is that th- place of elec- |
tlcn shall not txj changed when once fixed '
by tha rnp«r aatftortrie*.
Tnere is no provision of »n election law |
which is mandatory. The courts always 1
: beicahs. encampments and subordinate
'; lodge*.
O. W. Erlewir.e "was chosen as floor
i manager for the ball at the Pavilion.
i Floor committee— DeV. V. Deuel. John
' Thompson. E. Dryselius. H. M. D. Meyer,
: J. O. Davis. W. J. Black. B. W. Fabian.
; O. M. Cclburn. F. H. Siebe. F. D. Ash
! worth, Frank E. Smith, J. C. Stinscn. M.
i W. Brower. G. Jarvis. J. J. Applesate,
i Daniel Burr.*. H. D Nieuhaus. A. Jacoby,
. G. B. Crawford, James A Larkin. W. W.
: Watson. J. .v Perry, w*. O. Parker ar.d
: E. Rohde.
The hotel committee- reported through
i L. L. Remy. the chairman, that it had
j secured a room In the terry buildin?. r.ear
the Board cf Trade rooms, for headquar
! ters through the courtesy of the Harbor
j Commissioners. The room will be apprc
: priately decorated, ar.d there will be a
: clerk In attendance during tbe celebration,
i A vote of thanks was tendered to the
Commissioners. _
There wili fee an excursion to El Campo,
with a programme cf games and races.
A LOVERS' QUARREL
ENDS IN SUICIDE
Julia Bachnar.-. A:-- I Bow With
"Billy" Bennett, Fatally Snoots
Her- :
Julia Bachwam who conducts a sa-
Icon and grocery store at 651 Howard
street, shot ar.d fatally -wounded herself
whiie in her place c-f business at 1:30
o'clock this morr.lng. She was hurriedly
removed to the Receiving Hospital, where
It was discovered that the ballet tad en
tered her left side below the heart,
had hid a quarrel wi'.h her lover, '•Blily"
Bennett, and In a spirit of anger pulled
the trigger of a revolver which she held
to her "hand.
The woman's face bore signs of a strug
gle. Her eyes were blackened and her
nose was covered with blood. Despite
;his evidence, the- woman denied that any
ane else had shot her. She stated posi
:ively to the police that she tired the shot
herself. The doctors at the hospital say
the woman will die. The police are con
•inuing their Investigations and the shoot
ing has a. tinge of mystery about it.
■ ♦ ■ •
A LARGE MINING DEAL
The Cherokee Property to Be Bought
by a Pittsburg Syndicate.
W. P. Lynch, formerly the Assessor of i
Butte County. Is at the Lick for the pur- '
pose cf seeing various interested parties i
In this city and winding up a great mining j
deal which will result in the famous
Cherokee mine, which is situated five i
miles from Orovi'.l-e, near the north fork
of the Feather River, changing owners j
and becoming the property cf a --burg i
syndicate.
The Cherokee mir.e is so well known to j
the people of this State that it is not r.ec- j
essary to repeat its history- Suffice to !
say that It was first operated In the i
sixties, and from then up to the time it i
was tied up in litigation, some thirteen or i
fourteen years ago-, it produced over $14.- ;
OOOjOOO of the precious metal. It Is a hy- ;
draulic mine and one of the richest in the
entire State.
The property new stands in the name of .-
T. Z. Blakeman. who was the attorney j
for the bondholders, and who, after thir- j
teen years of almost continuous litigation, j
won for them their suit asrainst the Bank
of California. The Pitts burg syndicate |
is represented by Dr. I. B, Hamilton of ;
that city, and Sir. Lynch Is associa-ted !
with him, acting at this end of the line ;
in securing an option on the stock held i
by local investors.
The property is principally owr.ed in the j
East, as out cf the 140 shares of the cap- j
tt&l stock only twenty-four are held in '
California. What the price will fee is a J
secret, but some idea can be obtained j
from the fact that at a sale held some
time a^o the 140 shares, of a per value of
Sim were bid in by the bondholders for
■ • ■
The click of the ■well-filled purse is a
The Call's Home Study Circle
series will consist of—
Popular Studies in Snakes-
peare.
Hie World's Great Artists.
Desk Studies for Girls.
Shop and Trade Studies for
DOYi.
Great American Statesmen.
Home Science and Household
Economy.
considered the circ==siances of the case
and wocM not invalidate an election -where
in<;r» irregT:Uinti« existed -without the
taint of fraud. The entire- contention of
r!a!nti!T is that there was *n inconveni
ence forced upon the voters.
It is now too !a.t» to attack these e'ec
ticss. This action is to enjoin pablle oCS
ciils from expending- money for an election
In November, but he did not act when the
ether two elections were held. He did not
raise the question at the freeholders" elec
tion or since. He waited until the charter
had teen adopted. He has s'*pc crcn h!s
r'.?ht3. tThat standing has he in a, court
cf e<Tnity?
Garret McEr.emey, in closing for the
respondents, made a brilliant and logical
arenment. both in con trovers! on of the
arguments of the appellants and in the
succinct statement of positive reasons for
the right of his own case. He said:
The act i?f li?T does not atti^rr.jt t.-> ref
late local affairs, but to (apply the machin
ery *to achieve heme rule for the munici
pality. It is not to frftfr away immuni
ties, net t.: destroy rights, but tr> secure
a machinerr which wili g*iaraiu<»^ the r.sht3
cf the niar.icir'alities. A grant to frame a
freeh/Mders' charter Is. net a crant ti> th*
rr.anicipaj ecrroratioa in Us corporate ca
pacity, but to the citizens thereof.
An action can only be crcserut*! tn the
same of the people cf the Hxt of Cali
fornia.' The /juestion is. H.i« Pan- Fran
cisco the franchise to hotd the election and
how does that concern M- Frailer?
Tae?e suctions can enly be raised by the
people cf the State and canr.ct be collater
ally attacked. No action of Injunction lies,
as the State iffortfa a speedy, material rem
edy ty c/so warranto- In an action brought
tr •-.- re^cle. The act ot IST? has never
teen recealed. It has been efeanyed and
the new feat-res of it alter certain section*,
tut allow the ethers to stand.
In his closing arraznent Cator attempt
ed to refute the arguments oi Lane and
McEnerr-ey, ar.d at the same time
strengthen his own brie* by an exempli
fication of the arguments there adduced.
The Slerchar.ts' Association filed a brief
in the charter case in which the cause of
the charter is strtmsly advocated. It
avers that wherever tie voice of the peo
ple has been unmistakably expressed at
elections fairly held and honestly con
•iucted equity demands that the resnlt so
declared shail not be disturb--!. It is al.«o
aJlesed that both elections were be!d with
oat "complaint of any kind and with full
'notice to ail voters, and that after the
will of the people has been ih.ua expressed
It sho-j'i'i be regarded too late to reopen
the verdict. '-_,«»
FESTT 0'DONNELL INSANE.
He Is Locked Up in a Padded Ceil by
Order of Justice of the Peace
Barry.
Festy O'Dor.r.*!!, the retired capitalist,
whose eccentricities have been a subject
of comment recently, was. under Instruc
tions from Justice of the Peace Barry, ar
«, - yesterday on Third street, near
Natoma, by Detective R. F. Graham
after a hard struggle and locked up In
the insane ward of the Receiving Hospi
tal. He will b» examined by the Commis
sioners this too rale g.
The peculiar actions of P. F. Benson.
an attorney, in securing default Judg
ments against O'Donr.pll at the instance
of his landlady, Mrs. Wienie McDsrmott.
203 Natoma street. wer published in
Wednesday's Call. Just'- Barry is de
termined <o have the matter thoroughly
exploited and a guardian appointed to look
after O'Donnell's interests.
. — «_<
Reception at Ho-ward M. E. Church
Th -• members of tne Howard M. E.
Church tendered a reception last evening
to the pastor. Her. John A. B.Wilson, the
recently appointed assistant. Rev. Harry
C. Richardson, and Captain Andrew Nel
son and J. W. Whiting. Captain Neison
and Mr. Whitlnsr nave been members of
the church for fifty years, and- Rev. Dr.
IBIS Sa:< tiiAJS CISCO (ALL, piiIDAV, b£l-T£MB£il 2» m 18b9.
Al am OAKLAND Berkeley
MANY WOES OF
DEMATRAK ARE
BEING AIRED
Troubles of a Spartan
Author in Court.
♦
OAKLAND, Sept. :• ■"• ■ many
wees of Constantine Dematrak. a
Spartan, who is suing F. W. Mar
cjuand and W. E. Sells of Berkeley
for JGOOO damages on an alleged
breach of contract in failing to print
3CCO copies cf his book entitled "An Un
fortunate Merchant" according to certain
specifications, are multiplying. The trial
has occupied the attention of Superior
Judge Ogden •---.-■• days, Major
JlcElrath appearing for the plaintiff and
Attorneys Wltworth and Start! B for
lefendants, and just in the midst of ren
iering his decision this afternoon, one
way or the other, Dematrak's attorney
ieclared that he had suddenly discovered
;hat defendants had in reality printed the
unaccepted books and distributed them
belter skelter. Judge Ogden, gracefully
iccotmnodating the plaintiff withheld
judgment and allowed him until next
Fucstiay to file a supplemental complaint.
On the witness stand Dematrak testified
:hat In Sparta, Greece, he had been
mown as an author of some repute. At
:he tender age of 14 he edited a High
School paper there, and later he was
?ditor cf a bright little sheet entitled
5y Onos. which means, '"you are a
ienkey." The sheet was a satire di
rected against certain oScials in the
joyernment, and Dematrak tcld, after
adjournment to-day, that its birth was
:onceived in I -wager by the terms of
which he declared he would dare to
sreak the solemn law which precluded
•übjects from applying unseemly epithets
:o King George of Greece. "I published
:his Sy Onos," said Dematrak to-day,
"and then took several copies ...
■Cfng asking, in Greek of course,
vhether he sired to buy a copy of "i'ou
ure a Donkey.' Of course I won the bet.'"
Dematrak. testifying, declared that he
3ad contracted to sell S5«» copies of his
>ock, "An fortunate Merchant," at 50
rents each, and that he could have sold
.he entire edition at that figure. He had
lisa secured many advertisers, but owing
.0 the alleged breach of contract on the
:art of his publishers, he had been un
ible to receive the revenue from the pro
luct of his brain. He exhibited letters
ihcwing that orders for his book had
:orne from Chicago. New York, Sparta.
Greece. Constantinople, Alexandria,
ar.d towns in this State.
Several copies of the book as printed
«^ere introduced in evidence as exhibits.
Hie book recites the vicissitudes that
>efail George Sfam, "an unfortunate mer
■hant," and is illustrated. It treats of
jfara's prosperity in business. his
roubles, financial straits his bankruptcy.
he auction sale of his handsome home,
md the additional trouble of a large
amity and the sudden appearance upon
he scene of his wife as a ""new woman,"
md his final sad ending, wherein he
>lows out his brains.
rneuier.tally. the author, philosophizes
ts the whys and wherefores of the mer
■hanfs vicissitudes, and in this connec
ion he dwells with a chapter upon
"Sfam"s Fortune Culminates." This
mature particularly excited Judge
)gden's attention as savoring strongfy
■ t a good political tract.
■ » ■
Several Estates Appraised.
OAKLAND, fcept. 23.— An appraisement
I of the estate of Sarah P. Blakeslee. d»
--i ceased, was fi!>=<i to-day by J. J. Warner.
C. K. Mars and Jam*s Naismlth,
showing total valuation of S*'-00. represent
ing lots 72 and Ti of the Pacific Theological
tract. Oakland, and a lot in Los Angeles
County.
The estate of Hannah C. Staniels. a
! widow, Jeceased. has fc-een appraised at
I SIS 69, consisting of realty on Grant street
j sear Union, and $53 In ca3h. The apprais
j ers arc George S. Evans, E. N". Warren
and XV. D. Thoma?.
A. W. Shaf€r. George A. Oakes and H.
V. Uornsen fil^i ar. appraisement to-day
of the estate cf Frederick Hese'meyer,
j deceased, showing total valuation tl?~'2,
1 consisting of 21.2? acres in Eden Township-
Wilson is just entering upon his third
term as pastor. The evening's pro
gramme corsistpd of a literary and
musical entertainment. followed by
light refreshments. The welcoming ad
j dress was made hy Forest Blanding. isrho
acted as master of ceremonies. Professor
j Schulrz had cbarse of the musical num
i bers on the programme. The reception
( committee consisted of Mrs. A. L. Lask.
I Mrs. Lorena hulse. Mrs. S. F. Hewitt
i and Mrs. A. W. Canon. A large crowd
' attended, inclaiing ■- a pastors and
representatives from ail the Methodist
churches in the city.
HIS LOVE UNREQUITED
Charles E. Masson the Victim, of Mrs.
Ellen Garcia's Duplicity to a
Considerable Amount.
Charles E. Masson. who is employed by
the Southern Pacific Company, told Of
ficer McMurray of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children yester
day that he was a victim of unrequited
love to the tune of about $400).
The woman in the case is a daughter
of Mrs. Eilen Garcia, who allesed that
on Tuesday night she was criminally as
saulted by three men In Columbia Park
whiie drunk. M •■- n said that he ha-:
supported the family for years under the
impression that the daughter Maud was
to marry him. In December last he ob
tained a license tn Oakiafi.T "- wed her.
but the event was postponed. May 23
last he obtained a license in this city and
again the event was put off. He ha • fur
nished three different houses for them to
live in at different times and had to sell
th« furniture at a sacrifice. Mrs. Garcia
always ted him on by telling him that
Maud" was infatuated with him and would
surely marry .m.
About ten days ago she married Mat
thew C. Cushen. an engineer on the trans
port Sherman, and Mrs. Garcia made a
pretense that she would have 'ashen ar
rested, as the girl was under age, and
she went to police headquarters for that
purpose, but nothing was done. Masson
says he is brokenhearted, as he truly
loved the girl.
• • •
OAKLAND. Sept. 28.— A young man
named Garcia appealed to Professor Van
de Mark of the County Assessor's office
to-day, asking him to assist him In lo
cating his little sister, Maud Garcia, who
on the l£th inst. became the brid-; of Mat
thew Cuahen of San Francisco, Professor
Van de Mark solemnizing th- marriage.
Garcia declared that Ouahen. who when
h* took out the license' gavo his 35: as
:o~y*ars. had _-. en Maud's age a3 IS, but
that in reality the girt is under age.
Garcia vra« very mucLi exercised ever
the affair, asserting that Cushen had left
for Manila, and that he can rind no trace
ol his sister. Moreover, that bis sister
was engaged to many a wett-to-io young
man in Alameda who has r?een building
a home for the reception of his intended
bride, and that on th* day sh« married
Cushen. she was to have. selected the fur
niture for this new hom^*.
COURT NOTES.
Charles Agner of Lichtig & Agner, 3
■ Taylor street, swore to a complaint la f
Judge Conlan's court yesterday for the j
arrest of Fred, alias Isaac Mayers, on
the charge of obtaining money by false {
pretense* He was formerly an agent for |
the firm, and sinew his dismissal ha.- b*?*n j
collecting money from the firm's j
customers.
Mrs. Martha Sweeney .who preferred a !
life of shame on the Barbary Coast to t
living with her husband, Michael Swee
ney, '-■• Mission street, was yesterday'
sent -to the County Jail for six months
by Judge Graham on a chart of
| vagrancy.
NEWS
of the Bay Cities
WILL CROSS THE
OCEAN TO MARRY
OAKLAND, Sept. 2?.— A- ------- engagement has just been an- ~£
nounced. On the next steamer Miss Luita Booth, daughter of L. A. c»
Booth of Piedmont, will go to the Orient to wed a. Sherman, for the ' t
past year an attache of the American ::- m* at Manila. ~
The wedding has been deferred one steamer by the action of the •*
Government in taking the regular boat for a transport, which made gg
it impossible for Ml?s Booth to go as a ---_-■- the Government not being c .
in the passenger business. Mr. Sherman will leave Manila tn time to —eat *
his bride when the steamer arrives at Hongkong, where they will be married •'
immediately and proceed to take ■.:: their residence at Manila. Miss Eooth'3 £•
sister. Mrs. Charles A. Phelps, cf New York, ha 3 Just arrived In Oakland to ,*
perform the pleasant task of acting as chaperon to the bride-elect on her long c,
trip to meet Mr. - • .-man. * #
The bride and groom have been acquaintances from early childhood, and *
both have a large acquaintance in this city. Miss Booth is a bright and ac- ,*
complished young lady, and .3 very popular in Oakland society. She has ,•
figured very prominently in some of the entertainments at the Booth residence c .
at Piedmont. which la an eld landmark and 01 of the most beautiful homes \
on this side of •.he bay. •-
Mr. Sherman went to Europe to be educated, and previous to his appoint- ,*
merit to the American Embassy at Manila he was connected with the univer- c»
ilty at Chicago. *.
VICIOUS BULLDOGS
ATTACK A LITTLE GIRL
ALAMEDA, Sept. 2S.— Paul! Tischer, the
little 14-year-old daughter of Dr. Frederic
Tischer. "was attacked and horribly bitter
by a pack of -.■..----
--to J \V Thrasher of 1513 nth street.
The child was badly bitten on both limb:
from the knees down: her left wrist was
slightly bruised; the right arm was badlj
lacerated, the flesh being torn In shreds
while scattered about the body the toot.n
marks of the bloodthirsty animals are
plainly to be seen, having bitten clear
through the child's clothing. The girl s
clothing was almost entirely tom from
The little girl lives with Mr. .and Mrs.
Henry W. E. Kautaann of Ul» Ninth
street whose residence is next door tc
that of the Thrasher family. The latter
have a pack of seven or eight vicious
bull terriers, which are kept in their back
yard. About 3 o'clock this afternoon the
I'ttle rirl saw the dogs in Mr. Thrashers
chicken yard, killing his chickens, and
Paul! ran around to tell Mrs. Thraa ck
what was happening. In doing so she
went through the Thrashers' back yard
intending to go into the house by wayo
the kitchen door. As soon as the girl
entered the yard the dogs turned from
.... and attacked her.
One of the dogs sprang at the child's face,
but missing its mark, buried its teethin
h»r breast and knocked her down. Th«?
other do-gs followed the example set by
their leader and before help arrived the
bloodthirsty beasts had bitten and torn
the C-^h from her littie limbs in a most
viciou« manner. The child's screams were
hpard by William Horst Jr. and his
brother Gus. who reside near by. and by
ifrs. Kaufman, with whom the little girl
i*ve3 They ran into the yard, and while
ti« brother beat back the dogs with a
niece cf scantling William Horst picked
up the girl and carried her into the house,
and Drs. Smith and Stafford were imme
diately «ummoned. In the meantime the
dog« attacked Gu3 Horst and he was
compelled to peek safety by climbing up
on a back porch.
Th-» iittie girl showed more than the
ordinary amount of nerve; she remained
conscious during the whole time and con
versed with the physicians while the
wourds were being washed and dressed.
\t present the physicians are unable to
say how serious the wounds may prove
to "be. but feel positive it will not be neces
sary 'to amputate the child's arm.
Farmaa Died Intestate.
OAKLAND, Sept. X.— Anna Maria Far
cnan to-day epplied for letters of adminis
tration on the estate at her husband.
Anders F. Farman, who died intestate on
the >th inst. The estate consists of a
house and lot at Emefyvilli? valued at
$+>'«). and household gocds, etc., J3QO, all
community property. The heirs are the
widow and two sons. Carl Edward Far
man and Arthur Frederick Farman. aged
» ♦ • ■
Beady for Subscriptions.
OAKLAND. Sept. S.— The committee
ippointed by Dr. G. C. Pardee to procure
funds for the purchase of a site for the
rarnegie library met in the Council cham
ber to-nl?ht. The attendance was not
arg-e. and some of the speakers comment
•d on the absence of a large crowd a?
showing lack of interest but this id^a
was combated by others. Mayor Snow
ADDITIONAL
FAST TRAIN
>
Service via Ogden to Be
Improved.
♦
Srectal Dispatch to The Call.
SALT LAKE. Sept. 2S.— high offi
cials of the Southern Pacific. Union Pa
cific and Chicago and Northwestern rail
roads held important conferences at Salt
Lake and Ogden to-day. It was decided
that hi addition to the present passenger
train service, both east and west bound,
between Chicago and San Francisco, a
fast train in both directions will be placed
.--"■ October L 5. leaving Chicago
about o:3i) p. m., arriving in San Fran
cisco about -6:15 p. m. the third day; leav
ing San Francisco about S o'clock i. m.,
arriving In Chicago about 9:15 a. m. the
third day. These train.-? will consist of
Pullman palace sleeping, buffed smoking
and dining cars, and be strictly first-class
limited trains, making the run every day
in the year between Chicago snd San
Francisco In seventy-two hours.
General Passenger Agent Lomax of the
Union Pacific in an interview to-day said
that the fall and winter travel on the
Chicasjo-Northwestera, Union Pacific and
Soathern Pacific had become so heavy
that it was difficult to handle the volume
of business on the present trains, and it
was thought best to give the public the
very beat fast limited service.
• • •
The heads of the different departments
of the* Southern Pacific Company who
have beer. congregating at Salt Lake City
to attempt to arrange a new overland
time schedule which makes provision for
two extra trains daily— one to arrive and
one to depart from this city— will return
next Saturday. What they nave definite
ly decided upon will not be learned until
they g^t back, but it is said they have
probably adopted the plans which were
proposed before they left. These provide
tor the continuance of the present sched
ule with the addition of qji overland to
leave- here at about I o'clock in the even-
Ing and one to b« run into the city, which
will arrive about the middle of the after
noon.
Besides these changes, one will take
place on the Portland route. The train
which now leaves here at 7 in the even-
Ing and runs only as far as Redding will
be run to close up the gap between that
place and Roseburg, thus giving a
through service from this city to Port
land.
The train coming from Portland, which
now stops at Roseburg, will run through
to this city, where it will arrive shortly
after 5:45 in the afternoon. '■:-•
Stableman Bailey Ditched.
Geors>? I. -Bailey, mm of the proprietors
of the Golden Gate stable on Golden Gate
avenue, had Another close call for his life
early yesterday mprning. He went, as .9
his custom, for an afternoon spin through
the park. Not content with filling hi.«
lung 3 with sea breeze and fog. be wan
dered off toward the ocean and eventually
brought up at the wayside house known
as the Trocadero at a time when the sun
hid its face behind the Para Islands.
How long Bailey remained at th« way
side house is not of record, but the next
heard from him was his loud Toice call
ing for help in an out of the way locality
presided and Senator Perk as made a
brief address. He said the matter is well
understood and the committee should get
right down to business and start out to
collect the money. It was proposed that
a special committee of three be appointed
to carry on the work of obtaining sub
scriptions, and Mayor Snow, G. R. Lukens
and J. G. Hoyt were named. About five
of the thirty thousand do-Llara necessary
has been promised.
FALL MEETING OF THE
ACADEMIC LEAGUE
BERKELEY. Sept. 2?.— The eleventh
semi-annual field day of the Academic
Athletic League will be held on the Uni
versity of California cinder track Satur
day afternoon, October 7. As many of
the high schools have lost their best men
by graduation the events will be entered"
by athletes whose mettle has not yet been
tried. There are a few stars, though, who
are expected to show up well. The schools
entering are:
Oakland High, Berkeley High. Polytechnic
High. Lowell Hish, Santa Rom Hi?a. San
Jose Hiyfa, San Rafael Hl?h. Ukiah, Blah,
Union High. No. ! Centervtl'e. Stockton High.
Oakland Central Hi?h. Alameda University
Academy, Bioi»'« University Academy, P»ral
ta Hall. San Jose Normal, Lyceum, Palo Alto
H;?!S. Mount Tamalpaia Military Academy,
Belmont, Haiti's. St. Matthew's. Petaluma
Hig-h. California School of Mechanical Arts.
Manzanita. Hall and Hitchcock.
Aylwin — Crew.
BERKELEY, Sept. ».— Robert N. Ayl-
Win and Miss Josephine Crew were mar
ried last night a: the Park Congregational
Church, Lorin. The ceremony wa3 per
formed by Rev. S. G. Arnett. Miss Stella
Aylwin and Miss Caroline Crew acted as
-maids, and Lionel S. Rodgers and
George Crew as groomsmen. The wedding
was followed by a pretty home reception
at the residence of the bride's parents,
Mr. and Mrs. J. S. Crew, on Fairview
street. Mr. and Mrs. Aylwin will reside
■ ♦ ■
Deserted Their Wives
OAKLAND. Sept. 3.— Marie Langrruth
filed suit In the Superior Court this after
noon for a divorce from Emil T.acg-jjuth.
alleging- desertion and failure to provide.
The defendant formerly conducted a groc
ery store at Fifth and Harrison streets.
this city, but now resides in San Fran
cisco.
Jane A. Johnson has also commenced
suit for divorce from E. S. Johnson on
the ground of failure to provide.
— — — ■ • ■
Death of Cecil Smith.
BERKELEY. Sept. 25.— The death Is re
ported of Cecil Smith, a blind student,
who was taking advanced work fa the de
partment of philosophy m the University
of California. Smith attended his uni
versity classes until Tuesday of this
week, when he fell a victim to hemor
rhage of the lungs. He died yesterday at
his residence, 233) Bancroft way.
A pocket cuspidor has been patented
by a Mew Hampshire man. comprisJn?
a receptacle to St In the pocket, with
a telescoping tube fitting- in the neck
of the receptacle, a cap fitting tightly
over the end of the tube, with a spring
and cord arrangement to open the cap
when, the tube is drawn out.
on .-. Corbett road west of the a- -
house. His criea were heard by B. Lago
marsino. ■ ho Is employed at the vegeta- :
ble gardens of J. Ararta. This was at
1:1:45 this morning, and Lagomarsino
called to his assistance R. Fanning and !
T. Boyd. who live close by. The men,
after providing themselves with lanterns,
found a horse and buggy lying In a deep
ditch with a stableman underneath.
After a good deal of trouble they pulled
him from underneath the wreck, a sorry
looking sight.
Police Steer Shore came upon the !
scene about this time and procured the |
aid of Veterinary Surgeon Egan to at
tend to the horse. It was found that the
animal's leg was broken, and acting un
der the -advice of the surgeon he was shot
by th- officer.
ORPHANS AT THE CIRCUS.
The Walter L. Main circus will be
greatly missed by the people of San Fran
cisco when it departs for on Balds, es
pecially by the little folks, to whom an
afternoon or evening In the mammoth
tents at Sixteenth and Folsorn streets 13
like a visit to fairyland. The big ele
phants, the monkeys and the diminutive
Shetland pony are never-ending sources
of Interest, while the big show itself Is
wonderful beyond their wildest dreams.
The funny antics of the educated pigs,
who display an Intelligence that Is truly
remarkable. the droll sayings of the
clowns, the thrilling acts of the parallel
bar performers and trapezi3ts, the thrill
ing horsemanship of the equestrians in the
three rings and of the Rough Riders, the
exciting Roman chariot races, and, last but
not least, the laughable minstrel show,
all go to make up an entertainment of un
usual excellence. . .
One of the most remarkable things in
connection with this circus is the gener
osity 01! the management. Every day
since the show opened there have been
thousands of guests under the acres of
canvas. Yesterday was orphans' day,
and between 2000 and 3000 little folks
thronged the tents during the afternoon.
feasting their wondering eyes on the be
wildering panorama of flying figures ar.J
strange animals. All the seats on one
side of the big main tent were reserve-!
for them, and the management was very
solicitous for their enjoyment. They not
only saw the menagerie and circus but
remained for the minstrel performance,
and then were. taken to the smaller tents
and treated to a r#ep at the sideshow.
It Is no wonder that the children think
Waiter L. Main ts "the greatest showman
that ever lived," for such liberality and
thoughtfulness was never before heard
of here.
To-day more orphans will be enter
tained as the guests of the circus people.
But the orphans were not the only ones
at the circus yesterday afternoon, for the
tents were crowded. The same condition
prevailed last night, but In a larger de
gree, for there were not enough seats to
go around, and standing room was at a
premium. The circus will close Sunday
night. but in the three days remaining
the tents are sure to be crowded.
FRENNA STAYS IN JAIL.
J. P. Frenna. murderer of James F.
Turner. . must remain in jail for his of
fense. After Frenna shot Turner down In
the Crocker building he was* taken before
Police Judge Graham for preliminary ex
amination, and although It was found that
Frenna . was \ guilty of murder an order
was made for his release on bail, the sum
being fixed at $5000. A writ of rertiorari
for the review of the proceedings of the!
lower court was argued before Judge i
Lawlor. but it «m held that, as the
"forms cf i procedure" had been followed
by Judge Graham they could not be re
viewed, notwithstanding the danger lurk-
Ing in the establishment of a. precedent
NEWS
of the Bay Cities
WISHES HE HAD
ALL THE WISDOM
OF A SOLOMON
Young Girls Before
Judge Smith.
•
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
SOS Broadway. Sept. .
--■=-•.- of the Police Court wished
this morning that he were a Solomon. He
had before him three young women whose
cases caused him much thought. All were
depraved ar.d all were. under 20.
The girls were Annie McHenry,Llly Don
nelly and Florence Marquardson. Prose
cuting Attorney Leach was at a loss how to
advise the court as to the disposition he
would like to have made of the cases. The
McHenry girl is not a new figure in the
Police Court. It is believed that she is
not endowed with her full share of com
mon sense and that her waywardness Is
more want of will than want of heart.
The Judge suggested that it might be ad
visable to send Annie to the Ben Home,
but he reasoned that the influences there
could hardly be expected to strengthen a
girl's mind, so he took her case under ad
visement.
It was not difficult to size up Miss Lily
Donnelly. The young lady marched be
fore the Judge in a manner common to
girls who walk on • .--- In dives. With
three fingers she poked ud the brim of her
gay little hat so that she couid get a full
look at his Honor. The Judge asked her a
few questions, to which she replied that
she knew^she was bad and that she fully
understood the penalty of being convicted
for vagrancy. lily does not look to bs
over 15. and Is not IS. Judge Smith tcld
her that she was at an age when she
could ----- a reform school, to which
she very quickly replied: "If that is the
best you can do I can't help it." Her
case was taken under advisement.
Florence Marquardson is an attractive
girl from San Francisco, and according to
her story and the inquiries made by the
police It is thought that if her home influ
ences had been somewhat different the
girl might never have been In a Police
Court dock. Florence was arrested far
•■---•.- but her looks and manner do
not indicate that she Is past reform, or
even <i long way down the slid* of degra
dation. The Judge talked with her a few
minutes and took her case also under ad
visement.
'■These are the cases," said Judge smith.
"which gave us more anxiety than those o:
positive criminals. These girls surely do
not prefer to go to Jail or to a reforma
tory rather than behave themselves.
With one exception they don't look
bad. and I don't believe that they desire
to b*» bad. Now what can we do? Our
province is very limited, and It doe? seem
to me that there should/ be some method
of dealing with such cases outside the Po
lice Court. Just at this time I wish I were
Solomon, that I might know what is b*»:
for ail concerned. This entails more re
sponsibility than trying a. score of hard
ened criminals."
Kiss Garlick's Lecture
OAKLAND. Sept. 2S.— Miss Annie J.
Garlick delivered an interesting address
to-night before a meeting of the Seventh
Ward Political Equality Club held at 1217
Sixth avenue East Oakland, narrating
her experiences as a Red Crt>.«s nurse in
the ' Philippines. Miss Garlick went
through the campaign with the First
Calif oVnia Regiment and had much tn
relate of the horrors of war. th* suffering
of those who fought so bravely and th«*
heartrending scenes attending the death
of many cf the soldier boys.
Prospective Brides and Grooms.
OAKLAND. Sept. 25.— Marriage Ifcenses
were to-day issued to the wine
named: Bishop George ButterSeld, aged
21 years, and Mrs. Katie Sabine. 2S year 3
San Francisco: Frederick- Scott Price. o0
y^ars, San Francisco, and Louise Bird. 27
years. Alameda; Antone Gerig, 43 years,
and Freda Brecstull 3T years. Oakland;
Jay Dee Wheeler. 32 years. Guerneville.
Sonoma County, and Mrs. Mary A. Wor
thington, 32 years. San Pablo, Contra
Costa County; Charles Mo rub*?, 25 years.
Portland, Or., and Sadie Dawson, 13 years,
Oakland.
admitting a murderer to bail on a bond
scarcely larger than .-■--.-.
of burglars. An information charging
Frenna with murder was riled in the Su
perior Court, however, a bench warrant
was issued by Judse Dalngerfield and
Frenna remained behind the bars.
The action of Judge Graham in the case
caused rumors of a "pull" in Frenna's
favor, and an open raptor between the
District Attorney and special counsel.
The case was assigned to Judge Cook,
and again a motfon to lease Turner's mur
derer on bail was made. The motion was
argued before Judge Cook on several
dates, and yesterday morning the motion
was submitted for decision. Judge Cook
said that the evidence showed that Tur
ner had been shot in the back by his
slayer, that tfcere was bo defense, and
consequently the motion to release on bail
must be denied. Frenna was remanded
to the custody of the Sheriff and returned
to his cell in the County Jail to await
trial.
Y. L. I. ENTERTAINMENT
A GREAT SUCCESS
LARGE AUDIENCE HEARS AS
EXCELLENT PEOGRA2I3IE.
The literary and musical entertainment
given last night at Metropolitan Temple
by the ladles of the Toun? Ladies' Insti
tute was the most successful affair the
association has ever furnished the music
lovers of San Francisco. The auditorium
was crow. long before the evenicg^s
programme was begun, and when it wai
over every one went away pleased.
There was a sprinkling of the profes
sional in th*» amateur prosrramme. John
Morrisey of the Orpheum kindly loaned
two of the star attractions of the superb
bill he is running this week and they got
a royal reception. Dainty Uttie Cecil
Cowles won. the audience with her mar
velous performance on the piano and her
charming voice. Notwithstanding t£at
the child has had never a lesson in music
she Is a wonder to the extent that the
Orpheum. people have long besought her
parents to permit her to accept an en
gagement. The programme was extremely
well selected 1 throughout, as the following
copy will indicate:
Overture, "■Rax Melodies," Hynes' Orchestra;
tenor sot©. "Romany La.-.- (Adams). C. m. El
liot; select reading. Thomas Hicfcey; vocal
solo. "My FJa?," Mm». Ellen Coursen-Ronrkel-
Knickerbocker Quartet, tasket of cnestnnts—
Herb«rt Williams, first teacr; C. >I. Ellict.
second tenor; P. 8.. Crane, - ■-• b&ss; L. a"
Larsen. second bass; Spanish dance. Miss Ma*
Vincent; vocal solo, William Oyilvle; recita
tion. Professor Cyras B. Newton; soprano solo
Mr«. Eva Tenney; -wonderful child artist Cecil
Cowles, six years ci ■«», piano soloist and
vocalist (by kind permission of the Waiter
Orpheurrs Company) ; trio, plane, fiate and
cornet. Miss May Stein, H. Todd. L Barrlj
ba»» »oto. 'Th« Clang oi Use Force." L a*
Larson. character vocalists. Terry "and Lain"
bert (by kind permission oi the Waiter Or
pfc»ar~ Company*: humorous selections W J
Hynes: Knickerbocker Ouartet.
SUPPOSED SUICIDE.
A Pantryman Dies From Asphyxia
tion in a 80021 on Bush. Street.
Lou - Nelson, .i pantryman, was found
dead in a room at 514 Bush street last
evening-. Gas was escaping from a Jet in ;
the- room and it is supposed toat tne man !
committed suicide. He was last seen on
Wednesday evening, when he -retired, and
it was some — during last nisht that
the gas we - turned on. The landlady dis- j
covered the body and notified the Coroner.
Deceased had been out of work for some
time and was despondent. He was a na- :
tive of Germany and ■ years of age.
OPTION EXPIRES
BEFORE A TEST
CAN BE MADE
Mr. Rowe Teiis of the
Prospects.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
SOS Broadway, Sept. 28.
-
Robert - - -
-
-
As the matter now stands nothing can.
be done till Octottr l& Next ilonday,
October 2, the Council will paas the ordi
nance appropriating- moss; and author
izing- th.e> lioartl o£ Worka to test the capa
city of the welis. This ordinance muse be
printed ten civ.-? and cannot Le finally
passed until October 15. The Board of
Works, if it meets the following day. wiu
have to prepare speefneatiens, advertise
tor ijtdd «.nd awira the contract with re
markable speed iJ the work can ever bezin
on the day tne option expires.
•These wells wstl no doubt be good for
a starter." said President Rowe of the;
Council, who visited tne property last
Sunday. "As soon as the city acquires a
supply of water, even U it be not suffi
cient to supply the whole city, we create
a competition, and with the city on one
end it will r.ot be like the competition
through which we have recently passed.
I do not see why we cannot have a com
plete system independent of existing sys
tems. If we attempt condemnation pro
ceedings ■we shall have an endless task.
There is certainly good water down there.
This is proved by Mr. Dingee, and he
found enough water to supply this city. I
believe, judging by the contour of the
land, that the wells on whicn we have an
option are better located than the Alva
rado wells— that Is to say they are
nearer the source of the artesian supply.
"If we get this water to Oakland and
commence to supply it and need more
water we can surely do the same as the
Contra Costa Company has done — that is.
arrange far a catchment system. I have
no doubt there Is plenty of. land back of
Sar. Leandro that could be obtained for
the construction of a lake similar to Lak^
Chabot. I have been asked several
times what would be done with the old
plant if the city acquires one. and I can
not say that I care much. The old com
pany has got all it can out of the city for
more than a generation, and when we
don't want its plant it is at liberty to sell
It to the Spring Valley Company cr any
other concern that want? it."
"■ Is possible that Captain Roberts may
extend the time of the option.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
fc^ Steamers leave Broadway
'"'fn ,. wtarf. Sin Frar-ci^co.
»V • *V^k. £" :r Alaskan ports, Wi- 3..
i Ha^Bjßw Septe-^o^r li 23, 3, jctaber
Bfc ajKig^ I--..-
-', ES&§f£ife% For Victoria, VancxraT-r
HaaMeflal (B. C). Per: Toinsrad, s*-
f**WCTJaSanil attic, Taconsa. Everett. Aa.v
cortes ar<i New Whatcosi
™ <Wash.), l!) a- m-. SepteniS^r
IS. 3. iS, October J. and
every Situ day thereafter; chans* at Seattle
to ttla cocisany'3 st-a=era for Alaska and
G X Ey.- at TltiWl la >.. P. P-i ■-: at Vaa-
cctnrer to C- P. RT-
For En-eka ■ (EtimfcoMt Bay>. S p. m.. Sep-
tember IS. ZU J*, October I. and every filth, day
thereafter. . _ _,
For Santa Cruz. Mcsterey. Saa Simeon.
Cameos, Fort Harford San Luis ObUpo>.
Gavicta. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Haecenis.
c an Ptlrc East San. Pedro (Los Arables) aa-i
N'ewDort. 3 a. a. Beoteatber ir. It Si *S. Oc-
tofwr 3 *** every fourth (Jar thereartar. __
For Saa Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
fonl ( = aa Lots Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los An?el»s and P.edccdo (Lea Angeles). 11 a.
m September 15. 13. a. 27. October 1. and
every focrth day ther-after.
For EnsensiJa, Mairdaisna Bay. San Jose de!
Cabo, Maiatlan. Altata. La Pi z. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guayraas tllex.). V> a. m., 7tn ot eaoij
month.
Fnr farther information cfctain foliar.
The - moan? reserves th« r!?ht to cfeanc*
withoat previous notice steamers, sailing dates
arid v jor« ■' sailins;.
TICKET OFFICE- New Montgomery
street fPalace t«D.
GOOD ALL. PERKIXS * CO.. Gen Aarts.,
19 Market St.. San Francisco.
m 8, R. & S. CO.
DISPATCH FAST BTSUyrrPS TO "V
PORTLAND
From Spear-street -<--■!-' ,-•■■. -
C«DC $12 Flr*t Cla»« Including Bert*
f Ant SS Second Cl«« . and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
B«BC 5. 15, 25: Oct. 5. 13, 13
COLUMBIA sails ..Sept. 10. £0, 30; Oct. 13. 20, 3»
Short Lice t»^ Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all roints ta the Xonhweat-
Tfcr;-ujh tickets to al! polnt3 East.
E. -"■..-.- General A?en£.
«» Haricet st.
GOO TALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
52W TORS. SOCT2AXTTQS. L05D05. PABI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
Frcta New York Every Weinesfiay. 10 a. ra.
New York O.:t. 4! New Tort Oct. a
St. Louis Oct. list. LoaiJ Nov. I
St. Paul Oct. IS! St. Pail Xot. *
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Answers.
-- — New York Everr Wednesday. 13 noon.
Frtesland Oct. 4Kensfn?toa Oct. 3
S<3t:thwark Oct. II Nordlani ...N v. :
Westernland ....Oct. IS Friesland Not. %
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. .Vichae!. Dawson City.
For rail tafOrmatlon ■ :*■: v freight and
ta3sajr«» apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIOATION COMPANY.
! 30 Mcntgrnaery st., cr any cf its ayencies.
TOYO KISEN KAMA.
STBAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
cer First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hicgo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, aai
connecting at Honsrkansc wirh steamers for
India, etc. No carya received on bcartt oa day
of jaHin?.
AIIFRICA-MARL" SaMrday. Oct.
HONGKONG- MARC- Wednesday. November 1
; XIPPON-M-A.RU Saturday. Novemb«r 25
Round-trip tickets a: reduced rates. For
freight and passag-e apply at company's office.
; ■Cl Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVSRY. General Agent.
fanmmaxwm 8 5. M.ir:p.:ea sails
Jiwnii vla HoncluJii a.-..-!
*IKIIl KIIi * AacJcland for Sydney
Sj Wednesday. October
§nML Tte s - s - Australia
GXCCliUttli/^ gajis for Honolulu
{F-pipß/lfL. "Wednesday. October
•^ - is. at ; p. at
FavTjrfte Line ■ir.d th* World, via Hawaii,
Samoa. New Zealaad. Australia. India, 5 -ix,
England, etc: $81 first class.
L D. SPH£CX£LS « SXCS.CO.. «;t5-. !4««nteomen
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Fr«shtC«ce.32? Mariist St.
CC«TA3XIS SESS3JLLS TSIS3ATUSTISirB.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PAPJ3. .^j, •
Satlin? every Saturday at 13 a. in. 4i*J^^
from Pier 42. North River, foct of > fc »*^3'
i Morten st. LA TOURAINE. ■ Sept- W; LA
! NOI'-MANDIE. Oct. 7: LA CHAMPAGNE. Oct.
14 LA GASCOGNK. Oct. Tl: LA BRETAGNE.
Oct. ■ First-class to Havre. $*) and tip-
ward: 5 per cent redaction oa toand ".r'.p. Sec-
ond-class to Havre. «5: M p«r cent redaction
en roand trip. GENERAL AGESCT FOX
UNITED STATES ANI> CANADA. J2 Broad-
way (Hudson bonding). Xrr York. J. 9 FU-
GAZI & CO., Paelnc Ccaat Agents, 3 Moat-
gam*ry aye.. Saa Fracrt»cfi.
BAY AND EIVZS STHAMEiIS.
nil BAYY-YARD AMD YAILEjoT
Steamer "«lont-lcell«.**
■KM Taes.. Wed.. Thcrs. ar.J Sat. i; 3:«
a. m*. 3:13. S:3fl p-. - (ex. Thors. Bfsht>. Fri-
days, lp. en- and i-30; Sundays. U:33 a. m. |
p. m. Landing and otfice Misaloa-atreet Deck.
Pier >': *. Telepton* Mats' lSO.
FARE 9*3
910
The FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICTC of The San Francisco
CaU. corner of Market and TWrd streets, opw>
until 13 o"©to_s evorj night In the rear.
; BRANCH OFFICES— 6£7 Mont«oin«y street.
corner Cl»y? op«iu until 8:S0 o'clock.
. SA> KaTes street: cpen until J:SO o'clock.
OS McAllister street; op«a until 9:SO o'clock.
" •a* Lorkla street: <af«n «xitll 9:*3 o'clock.
I!>U Mission street: op»^i until 10 o'clock.
??'U Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
in. i il 9 o'clock.
306 Ei<r^ath street: open «nntll 9 o'clock.
HIM Valencia street; open uutil 9 o'clock.
North-crest corner of Tw«nty-se<3c>tid anfl Kto
tuokr streets; open until 9 o'clock.
"HEETJSG NOTICES. _____ (
TKRBA. BOTSNA l^dfft? of JP*!<ect!oa "^*
No. Meeting Tins (FRIDAY) ft
■. EVENING, ftt 5 clock. D. 13. ,«, A
GEO. J. HOBE. Sec ferfg
GRRM.ANTA Lodse No. 118, L O.
O. The fun<-r«l committee, ha ~gyga«_£r
i»f ticurs and members of the above !> '»*f<^-
■ age ara respectfully Invited to '
attend the funeral of our late brother,
HENRY EOEBERG, from Odd > <-""*"*
■ HalL oor. Sereatß acd Market sts., at 1.30
p. ,_. on FRIDAY^ W^g^ N . Q .
EMU. rOEMBIKR, B. 8.
MISSION Chapter No. 155. Order Eastern «
Star— Officers aDd in<-.inl>ers arc re- wQm
diiej**-d to attend tha f» ne "i'°£ t J» ; ,£ J^T
flooe.ved brothri ANGUS APOLPHUS «"*
GILMOtTR, THIS DAY (FRIDAY), at 1:30
p. m.. from B. B. Hall. 121 Eddy st. By or-
der of tha MARY a. FOBTBR, Secretary.
MEETING notloe— The exr-cutive board of the
Silk Velvet Club will hold a most important
meeting SUNDAY AFTERNOON at 3 p. ra. i
to decide whether or not it la advisable to
water the stock. By order of
Grand Hi_h Chief and President.
THTC California Debris C im:nlesion. having re-
ceiTed applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from A. B. Jacks. In the Baiger Hill
mine near Ppanirh Ranch. Plvimaa County, |
to deposit tailings i;i Spanish Creek and
Woods Ravine, end from John O. Smith ct |
al? in the Smiths Blue Gravel n-.:a ■;. ntir ,
1 bo Shasta County, to deposit tailings In a >
ravfn«! below the mlwv giv-* coUce that . a
meeting will be held at room "B. Flood build-
ing, 'San Francisco, Col., on October 9, 1899, ,
et 1:30 p. m. _^
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING— Notice _ here- |
by given that the annual me- tin? of the <
ftockhaldon 3 of the Bank of California [
will be held at the banking house In this
city, on TUESDAY. October 10. 1899. at 11
o'clock a. m.
ALLEN M. CLAY, secretary.
?ttn rranciscQ. September If-. I*3?.
ACCOUNTA NTS.
S. K. nALLARD, 401 Cal. *t.. designs, audits &
adjusts accounts for corporations & firms: ref. j
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: R. W. KING, sixth floor, Chron-
icle bldg. : no advance charges: all cases; es-
tates, mortgages, damages, collections, bank-
■ ruptcy wills, air., drawn; moderate fees! j
rail or write. I
ADVICE fre»: divorce h:w a specialty; private: I
no fee without snecet-s; collections. G. W.
HOWS., atty r.t law, 559 Market, cor. Stocktn.
NOAH '•■". FLOOD 98! Market St., opp. Mason; j
conrultation freo; • lerate fees.
CL-VRA FOLTZ attorney at law, Crocker
bMic. : tel. Black 71; j.ractices in all courts.
L. P. CLARK, Emira Spreckels building. 927
Market; consultation free; no fees In advance. j
J. R. PARKER. Sl6 Market st.. room 57; advice ■
free: charge low: business pushed. j
NAGLE _ NAGLE, attorneys at law. Emma ;
Spreckels building, M 7 Market st. |
ADVICE free: no chai— e unless successful. W.
YT. DAVIDSON, Ml Market St.. opp. Mason. |
11 1 1. !
BATH CABINETS— THERMAL,
THE Robinson i- panel bath cabinet, folding ]
■ like a screen; one panel opening as a door; 1
call and fee it: descriptive booklet free. W. .
S. BROWN, general agent. 426 Ellis st. j
'. ; ■'"BICYCLE!' For Sale or Exchange, j
■■■RAMBLER tandem. (30; perfect order. 417 !
'. ■ Post st. !
•■ -. .
BICYCLE REPAIRS.
THOS. H. B. VARNEY. Market and Tenth.
RAMBLER AND IDEAL BICYCLES. ;
REPAIRING A SPECIALTY. I
BOARD AND ROOMS.
GEARY, 93?— Nicely furnished .raTs., suite or
single, with beard; hot una cold water. ;
GENTLKMAN ran -fir.d room and board In pri-
vate family i/t'232 light Bt. : fine looatlon; i
Hai?ht-Pt. cars paps door; terms moderate.
ELLIS, 607— Weii-furr.ished front rooms, with j
good board; bath; telephone; gas; piano.
'"' O'FARRELL, - Clean, comfortable rooms: .
good home oooklng; S7»eclal rates to gents.
V. UNCLE HARRIS, 13 Grant, makes advances at
. ' • lowest rates on valuables of all descriptions.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
.. A WIDOW will care for a baby or one or two '
children; nice home in the country- MRS.
. SHIVER. Antioch_Cal.__
WOULD like a nice Child to board: good home. 1
-". . Call 319 Second lv«., Richmond district.
BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged. !
Holmes Book Co.. 704 Mission St.. near Third. ;
800 I AX It* SHOES.
CHILDREN'S shoes. We up; youths lace shoes,
SOc; ladies' ties. Tic up; ladies' shoes, Ji up;
men's working shoes, $1 26; men's dress shoes,
Jl 35; mall order.i solicited. People's Shoe
• . Store, 1303 Stockton st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A — sl6oo; TRANSFER corner grocery and bar;.
'; doing a rushing cash store and bar business;
low rent; rare chance; other business compels
owner to sacrifice; investigate at once. li.
.. O. WILKE. 9 16 Market st.
• A $150 — HOME bakery and notion store, with
3 living rooms; rent $20; on Buchanan st.
" ' H. G. WILKE. MM Market. si
• S?.-.-i. BAKERY in live country town, 70
• miles from city; a flrßt-class paying business;
call soon; a rare opportunity. R. a. WILKK,
906 Market St.
A— JSOO; SALOON: Market St., close to McAllis-
ter; bargain. WILKE, 906 Market si
• x— |S6O: DYEING and cleaning store on Powell
St.; rent }*•".: first class; paying, call WILKK,
!>O6 Market st^
CORNER grocery and bar, with llvlns,
rooms; rent $15; dally receipts $1S; best loca-
tion in Mission. R. G. WILKE. i_ Market.
JJOO— RESTAURANT and oyster parlor*;
choicest location; rent $2".; dally receipts $2&;
• meals not lass than 2Dc; bargain. R. G.
WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— MOO; ELEGANTLY fixed up and flrst-clawi
raying saloon close to Palace .Hotel; rent
}•' lease; disagreement of partners cause
of pale. R. G. iVILKE. 906 Market St.
A— SI26O— CORNER saloon with 6 rooms; rent
:«0; mercantile lunch; surrounded by whole-
tale houses and iron foundries; place clearing
tbove $150 p»r month: lease; a tplend!d offer.
11 G. WILKE. :< " Market ft.
A $230; PARTNER wanteii; Lss'n, produce
business; grand chance. M. LESS, 765 Market.
• f2SO— BRANCH bakery, candy and variety; 4
living rooms; cheap rent; owner owns build*
mr; will give lease. M. LESS. 76T. Market st.
' $2000— COFFEE saloon anil restaurant vicinity '
-ill building; clearing |3.0 monthly: proof
furnished: sickness. M. LESS. 785 Market.
A— RESTAURANT and oyster house; centrally
located; fine business; bargain. COWING &
CO.. 995 Market st.
A— SALOON; corner; bargain; cause of sale,
death. COWING .v CO., 9% Market st.
A 13000: RESTAURANT: north Market; b?st
In city: bargain. COWING & CO., Kij Market.
A— CIGAR store, centrally located, at great
sacrifice. COWING & CO., 695 Market* st.
$ r 'of— RESTAURANT doing 11 business average
iZT> dally- death i-niiee of sale: rare chance.
. Mclaughlin & CO.. 777 i j Market st.
$lSoo— French bakery, fine bus.; 4 horses, 3 Wag*
.. ons, 11 furn. rms.; low rent. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
TAIIX)R shop; complete; 8 years' standing; 4
living rooms and kitchen; completely fur-
nished; stock of new and second-hand cloth-
Ing; owner going back to old country. 1633 J
Devisadero Ft.. near Sutter.
A— GRAND opportunity for an active man;
small capital required: business clearing $125
per month. 917 Market St.. room 2.
t offer wanted: old-established corner saloon;
. slii" entrance to tamale cafe; fair stock and
g&cd business. 632 Market St., room 6.
)CERY and bar. good locality, good trade,
r sale on account of other business; no
ent wanted, use Minna st.
-MUST be ■ .id; good bargain: well-»6tal>-
hed oyster bouse; centrally located. 150
Uy st.
■W CO., 935 Market st, will exchange or
jell your property or business quickly. ". .
GOOD PAYING custom shoe shop-; cheap if
fold at once. 595 Natoma st. ' • :
WANTED— gentleman with some capital ■
who is capable of. managing the affairs of an
incorporated company. Address box 2175, Call, |
nUSINIZSS CHANCKS— Continued.
nAKERT In good country town: doing good
business; old established business: cause
sickness; prio« reasonable; apply at once.
P. O. Bos 15. Sonora, Ca\.
FOR sale— One-fourth Interest in the 2000 acres
of leased lands of the Union Consolidate!
OU ar.d Transportation Company iv Morced
Cotintv as per their prospectus, for the sum
of $SOC<I. Apply to OEO.'L. lIOXIE, Fresno,
PARTNER with $250 to op«n a produca busi-
ness- a money maker; no agent. Address
box tSl'i. Call.
$!50— SALOON, stock and fixtures: good stand;
living rooms, inquire at 660 Sacramento st.
GOOD-PAYING barber shop In country for
sale. Address box 2357, Call.
FOR" rent on downtown corner; large light
basement for saloon and billiard hall: rent
very low. Inquire WILLIAM HENDRICK-
-BON & CO.. 514 Call building.
FOR sale— A good paying saloon, with six
living rooms upstairs: long lease: terminus of
car line. Box 2313. Call office.
A CHANCE for bouse painter; old-established
business, tools and stock; low rent. 928
Washington st.
WANTED— Partner in a ranch with some
cash. Address box 1428, Call.
E'STABLIBirED oil business for sale cheap.
Sol Noe Bt., bet. 1 and 1 p. m.
$900— GROCERY, Oakland; good location and
bus. W. li. Hardy. 361 Broadway, Oakland.
FOR sale— Fine grocery and bar. Corner Post
and Devisadero sts.
LARK Saloon. 12 Seventh «t.. I. O. O. F. build-
ing, opp. new Postoffioe building; make offer.
FOR honest dealing, buying, selling a business,
trust to Pacific Room Renting Co., 426 Kearny.
COFFEE and fea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S, 412 Sacramento St.
GOOD paying inside route for sale; this paper.
Apply Call office.
FOP. sale — Good paying Inside route on this
paper. Apply Call office.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS/;,
FOR sale— One Columbus trap, with shafts, one
or two seats; in excellent condition; also one
bay gelding horse; weight :)50 pounds; suit-
able for busgy; good traveler, sound, kind,
gentle and IB perfect condition. Apply MUR-
RAY'S STABLE, San Rafael, or S2O Sansome
St., room 15. '
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
LIGHT spring wagon and harness for sale
chen p. BIS McAllister at.
DELIVERY wagon carrying one ton: top and
ro«d buggy, good as new. SHAW. 1621 Markt.
100 PETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies. surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom ?t.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Worka. 358 357 Tehama st.; tel. 8 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-40 Bth st. ; tel. South 230.
LAST and best. Sanitary Cleaning Co.. "for
health." 842 McAllister St.; phone South 146.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
463 Stevenson St.; tel. South .""■ lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main KM, GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CAR] cloaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'B. S Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. B. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
Ft.; cleaning, So per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-bentin? Works, 333 Golden
O:l!e aye. ; tel. East 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
DTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing; a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR,
Agent. Office and factory. 21 Spear st.
CLAIRVOYANTS AM) i>» IKITUALISAIJ
"YOUR future," the pa«t has gone; past, pres-
ent ami future by competent life reader from
Europe; Just arrived; hours "10 a. m. to 6:30
p. in. Address 534% Turk st.
MRS. C. J. MEYER, 335 McAllister; trance de-
veloping circle, Mon. & Fri., ESc. 2. 8 p. in. ;
meet, Tues, Thurs. 2, 8 p. m. 10c; till, dally.
MADAME A. CERVANTES, the celebrated
Spanish fortune-teller newly arrived. 8
Hayes st., room 7,' second floor.
SHORT pw&lric" readings; character and ad-
vice; 1 to 10 p. m.; to-day; We. 521 Turk st.,
BROWN.'
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth, 2 and
S p. m. 14 McAllister St., r. 35; admission 10c.
MRS. HARLAND'S test circle to-night; sealed
letters read; 10c; business readings, $1. 34 6th.
LADIES aid entertainment and dance at Occi-
dental Hall, 30.". Larkin, Friday, 29th; 10c.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; Z'tc up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, 10c: card reader;
past, present, future, -■"><•. US Sixth st., r. 12.
YOUR future toM by cards, 25c; daily, 10 a. m.
to 10 p. m. ; Sun., 7 to 10 p. m. 105 I^arkin st.
MRS. EVANS, the healer: all chronic ease.-* a
success it taken; rupture a specialty. 627 Bush.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 812% Sixth St.
GYPSY life reader; satisfaction guaranteed;
25c; pea ling by mall $1. 5 Seventh st.
C. STEERS, medium: 112% Oak st.: circles
Tues.. 8 p. m.; Th., 2 p. m.; 25c; readings, $1.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader, medical clairvoyant. 232 Stockton.
SPIRIT test, business medium: sit. Me, II; cir-
cle Tues., Thurs., Sat. at 8, 10c. 510 Valen -la.
MME. LANGE, queen of clairvoyants. 1167 Mar-
ket, bet. 7th and Bth: fee 25c up: satisfaction.
MMSJ SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
•i:m.|V picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell ft.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st
COTTAGES TO LET.
$10— BAY-WINDOW cottage of 4 rooms; water
free. 106 Collins M., near Geary.
MODERN 6 room cottage, $20; keys at 2804 Ful-
ton St., Park House.
BUNNY cottages, 5 rooms, bath, basement; flat
of 7 rooms, bath, cheap. 1876 Fifteenth St.,
near Dolores.
DENTISTS.
A- DK. T. S. HIGGINS 1 dental parlors, 927
Market St., over Cafe Zdnkand— Teeth extracts
eel without pain by the use of electricity, gas
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the beat and most artistic
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from $1 up; other fllltnus from 50c;
badly decayed teeth . carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain; piates that fit
from $4 60 up: flesh colored plates from $3 50
up; teeth without plates a specialty; -open
evenings and Sundays.
A NEW anesthetlo for painless dentistry.
Bynol, on application to the gums, removes
the pain; see our flesh colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years: crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings, 60c; crowns. $2 50; plates,
full set, $5; all work painless and warranted.
Chlcaco ; *ntal Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket -■ . cor. 4th. rra. 7, Flood bids., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without r>!ates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 Ii) up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p.m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. D., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by bin won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2: bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity: guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 957 Market st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
■ laity; all work reasonable; *gas given.
DR. N. BAR DUE, r. 211 Examiner Bids.;
work reasonable; satisfaction guaranteed. ■
LOWEST prices In B. F. : work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists, 967 Mission, cor. 6th.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YoryQ: iS4i Polk [■• -
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
8. F. Dressmaking School; practical method
taught; suits cut and fit to order; reasonable.
104 Kearny st.
PARISIAN dressmakidg, 357 Geary; dresses
mad» $5 up; dresses made over; perfect Jit.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st.. San
Bookkeeping, business practice,
Shorthand, typing, languages, telegraphy,
English branches, civil and mining engineer-
Ing, assaying, blowpipe, geology, mineralogy,
surveying, etc.; electrical engineering— theory,
practice, design, construction, mechanical
drawing; 2*. teachers: Individual instruction;
2<V> graduates annually placed In positions:
students can enter for any course any time;
no entrance examinations; new 80-page cata-
logue free.
M. G. BARRETT, a leading court and genera]
reporter (graduate of State Normal), Instructs
in shorthand: pupils by mall. 202 Montgomery.
SINGING, piano; Paris grad.; French. Spanish,
$2 mo. 630 G. G. aye., r. 5-7; hours 2 to 8.
LAW Schools, 927 Market, S. f., and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
THE SA!N FRANCISCO CALL., FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1899.
EDUCATIONAL.
A~majSTfTchool for Man, Y. M. C. A.. Mason
and Kills st_— Opens October 8. Business and
Industrial Shorthand, typewriting,
bookkeeping, electricity, mechanical and
architectural drawing, German, Spanish,
English grammar, mathematics, elocution,
commercial law, physical culture classes, etc.
A membership privilege. Call or Bend for
I school catalogue. Tuition within reach of all.
I AYRF.S' Business College. 728 Market St.. short-
hand typewriting, bookkeeping, writing Eng-
lish, teleirraphy, under qualified teacher; low
rates: life scholarship. $50; catalogue. I
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers; j
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates: day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College. 1236 Markt,
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. Burvey.assay.archl. ;day and even.;
eat. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market. |
I MATHEMATICS, mechanics, steam, graphics, j
etc. ; circulars and specimen lesson papers; ,
j evenings. 3040 Sixteenth st.
LADY, 'experienced high school teacher. Uni-
versity graduate, teaches In families. 954
Adeline et.. Oakland. »
PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory of
Leipsic; lessons. 750. 320 Golden Gate aye.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 305 Larkin St., opp. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar. writing;
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mission. nr.Stn.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi- i
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
j help. GEO. OAKI. 30 Geary at. : ttl. Grant 56.
I EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
j AN elderly woman wishes a place to do house-
work: kind to children; small wages; city. 2
Cleveland st, opp. Columbia square.
i EASTERN widow would like plain sewing and
mending to do. Call room 2, second floor. 1031 I
Market St. I
MIDDLE-AGED American lady wishes position i
as housekweeper in small family. Apply S. |
i F., 1708, Kearny st I
AN elderly lady would like a position to do j
light housework: home more of an object than j
traces. His', Pacific st.
RELIABLE experienced woman wishes situa- j
tion to do second work or upstairs work; best I
of city reference. Box 2174, Call.
RELIABLE Eastern girl desires position at
general housework; wages $20 to $25. Call at
£21 Hickory aye. -
A WOMAN wishes situation as cook and would |
do plain washing; city or country. 1015 Clay. j
LADY waitress wishes lunch or dinner work. I
Call 113 Leavenworth st.
YOUNG girl for general housework. 2925;
Twenty-fourth St., In a bakery. .
LADY wishes sewing and mending to do at
horne v Call 160 Fourth St., room 7.
COMPETENT English cook; best of references;
, city or country; cooking only. Box 2173, Call.
BY. woman, to do general housework; best of
references. 3162 Sixteenth st."
WOMAN wants work by the day; good laun-
dress. Apply 2830 Sixteenth st.
LOANS on diamonds and Jewels; low Interest;
perfect secrecy. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant, j
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes position 'to do!
general housework in American family. 414 |
Folsom pt. j
RESPECTABLE young woman wishes position
as housekeeper for widower. Address 311 Van
Ness aye.
COMPETENT nurse wants a situation; would
I assist; reference. 618 O'Farrell st.
I LETTERS written by an expert; all letters,
personal or business, strictly confidential.
MRS. HOWARD, 208 Eddy st.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes work, la-lies'
or misses', In families by the day or at home.
919 A Sutter St., telephone 962 Larkin.
COMPETENT lady stenographer and type-
writer wants steady city position: salary $50
per month: five years In last place; best ref- I
erences. Box 22SS, Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar- j
ket: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50.nI«rht: $1 50 to $6 ■
<veek; convenient and respectable; free bus
i and baggage to and from ferry. ■
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va- i
lenoia-st.
_— — ? ~ T . — i— — — —^— i |
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
GERMAN and wife would like to take charge
of a small place in the country: man a good
farmer and winemaker, wife a good cook;
can give good references. H. S., St. George
Hotel, 812 Kearny st. ■
SITUATION wanted by a practical engineer
and machinist of 20 years' experience; under-
stands the dynamo: good reference. Address
■ box .':'*■. Call office.
PRACTICAL gardener, understands the busi-
ness in all branches and good horseman, j
wishes situation. Box 2370. Call office.
COACHMAN and gardener and man about
place; can milk and do all other work around
gentleman's place. C. R., 3 Eddy st.
PRINTER, 12 years' experience, wants, posi-
tion in Interior city. Address J. M. 8., 606
Guerrero st. i
COACHMAN wishes position with private fam-
ily; 3 years' reference. Address box 2393. Call.
PORTER, American, would like place; can do j
upstairs work; city or country. Box 2365, Call. !
YOUNG man would like situation as cobbler
for a Catholic institution. Box 2265. Call.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, silver,
sealskins, pianos, guns. HARRIS, 15 Grant. j
GARDENER, competent (single. German), thor- '
oushly understands greenhouse work, flowers.
fruit and vegetable growing, wants situation;
country preferred; references. Gardener. 435
Pine st.
YOUNG, man, strictly temperate nnd honest,
desires l osition in private place as groom; j
thoroughly understands- care of horses, etc.;
good city reference. Address box 1212, Call. I
EXPERIENCED young man wishes position to
do hospital work or In wine or spirit store;
Strictly sober and reliable: best of refer-
ences. " Address FRANCIS, 522 Stockton st.
YOUNG Danish coachman and gardener desires
situation In private place; can milk; handy
with tools; temperate habits; references. Ad- j
dress P. LUND, MO Seventh M .. Oakland.
STATIONARY engineer want* position or any
mechanical work relating to the same; ref- :
erences. Addrens box 2163, Call.
WANTKD— By an elderly German, a situation
to cook for a mining camp or a range; is
most steady. Box 2325, Call.
YOUNG man would like a position as bar-
tender In a country town; be»t of references.
; Address G. M.. 1104 Larkin Ft.
COACHMAN, understands his business thor-
oughly in all branches. No. l references, de-
sires situation as such. Address C. S.. 1022
Jackson st.
SITUATION as foreman on hop ranch; two ex-
perienced men; good references. Box 3SO,
Uklah, Cal.
SITUATION wanted by steady man; good driv-
er; acquainted with city. __ box 2358, Call.
WANTED— By man of 20 years' experience, I
situation as engineer or machinist. Address
box 2356, Call office.
THOROUGHLY competent and experienced en-
gineer wishes a position; best of references.
Address box 2301.. Call. '
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and ;
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st
X PERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician.
1071% Market st.. San Francisco; exam. free.
|
EXCHANGE.
UNIMPROVED ranch property. 200x400, In
Martinez, Cal., value- $4000. to exchange . for
S. F. real estate. - Box 2316; Call office. :
FUKNITUKE FOR SALE.
HEAVY matting, Me per yard; linen warp. 15c;
tapestry Brussels carpi* sewed. laid and lined.
50c per yard. EASTERN OUTFITTING CO.,
1310-1312 Stockton St., nr. Broadway.
FURNITURE of 6 rooms for sale cheap; no
dealer. 3.'.." Jeesie st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 60. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co., 3127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
WANTED— SSOOO carpets, furniture, etc.: high-
est price paid; postal. H. COLEMAN. 1125
Mission st.
WANTED— SSOOO carpets.furniture.etc. ; highest
price paid: <postal. M. Silverstejn.ll2l Market. !
FLATS ■' TO LET.
ADELAIDE Place. 8, off Taylor, near Post— 4
rooms; sunny: very central; $12.
A— sloo,ooo TO loan on diamonds, watches,' Jew-
elry, pianos. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
HARRIET. 245, off Harrison, near Sixth— Bay-
window; 3 rooms; large hall; sunny; $10.
BUSH, 2128— Sunny modern flat; seven (7)
rooms, large yard and basement; rent reason-
able. . : .
ELEGANT flat; C sunny rooms; bath; fine
view; reasonable. 425. Thirteenth st.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st. : . . .
FLAT, S. rooms, 533 Page St.; sun all day; mod-
ern Improvements; rent reasonable.
FLATS TO LET. 4;/;V-- :
FLAT of 4 unfurnished rooms and bath; sun-
ny rent $13. 1718 Leavrnworth ft.
GEARY. 2222-_26— Flats; B good rooms; bath;
sunny; rent right. • • •
LEAVENWORTH. 1618— « rooms; gas and
. bath.; modern improvements; rent $15..
MISSION 1511. near Eleventh—Upper and
lower; 6 rooms; bath; laundry; yard.
NEAR City Hall; sunny upper flat, six r>>ras
and bath. 27 Birch aye.. off LarkJp-st.. bet.
Grove and Fulton. ...,-■:•'
O'FARRELL. 1933 to 193t---r>few flats. Just om-
pleted; rent reason»V.i. Apply MADISON A
BURKE. ._-"■ '
RUSS, 18«— Flat of 5 rooms, laundry and bath;
very pleasant.
SHIPLEY, 87, near Fourth— sl4; sunny upper
fiat of 6 rooms and bath. SHAINWALD,
BUCKBEE & CO.. 21S-230 Montgomery st.
SUNNY new flats, six rooms and bath. NW.
corner Eighth and Natoma sts. .'
UNION. 193S— Rear house. 8 rooms, $10: front
sunny flat, 5 rooms, bath, $12. Apply at 726V4
Montgomery aye.
WAITED— At once, nice flats, cottages and
houses: will guarantee good tenant*. A. M.
SPECK & CO.. 607 Market st.
$12 50— SHIPLEY. 297 A, near Sixth; 6 sunny
rooms; flat: bath; gas; nice yard.
$10— 4-ROOM flat; rear 563 Geary st. Apply
PLANZ _ SON. tailors, 565 Geary st.
| $11— 4-ROOM flat; 21 Rltch St.. near Folsom.
Apply PLANZ. & SON. 585 Geary st.
i $12— NICE sunny flat and yard. 28 Cedar aye.,
j bet. Larkin and Polk sts.
4 SUNNY rooms near Mall dock; also flat, 6
rooms; $14 and $10. Key 623 Second st.
furrikrh; fuks. KTC
' ELECTRIC seal capes. Aetrakan yokes, $10 to
$30. ROBT. WALLACE. 115 Kearny. top floor.
IM.'l' WANTED AGENTS.
WANTED— lnFtallment agents: something
[ new; $4 to $5 to be made daily. Call, bet.
8 and 9 a. m. and 4 and 6 p. m., room 535,
Parrott building. :
RESPONSIBLE man or woman wanted in each
, city and county to handle our goods. Box 2367,
Call. ;
HELP WANTED- FEMALE.
WANTED— a waitresses for country , restau-
rants, $25 each; waitress for cafe, short dis-
tance, $7 a week; waitress and chambermaid,
short distance out of olty, nice place for all
winter, $20; waitress, straight across the bay,
$20 and woman cook for same place, $26, only
a few to cook for. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
6 CO.. 31« Sutter st. -
WANTED— German or Swedish second girl, $25;
3 second girls, $20; second girl and laundress,
$25; 400 girls for housework In city and coun-
try at good wages from $15 to $30 per month;
2 hotel or boarding house cooks, $30 and $35;
cook for dairy hands, $30; cook for 3 In fam-
ily, San Rafael. $30; 2 laundresses for lnsti-
tfon. $20. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
318 Sutter st. - ";. i
WANTED for country, neat girls for house-
work and cooking, 3 in family. San Rafael,
$30: Alameda, $25; Oakland, $25; Merced, 2
In family, $2S. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 318 Sutter st.
; WANTED — English nursery governess for
child 7 years old; $25. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 316 Sutter st.
C. P.. HANSEN & CO....PHOANE GRANT 186
2 chambermaids, same institution, country, j
$20 each; Scandinavian chambermaid, coun-
try, $20; chambermaid and wait, country ho-
tel, $20- waitresses, Napa, Stockton, Colusa,
Nevada, Tkluh Bakersneld, $20 each and fare
here; 3 waitresses In same country hotel. $20
and fare; waitress, also chambermaid, same
hotel, south, $20 each: head waitress, country,
see party here Monday, $30; extra waitresses,
Napa and Belvedere, fare both ways, $1 day.
FOR PRIVATE FAMILIES k .
7 cooks, wash and iron, $2. >; 4 Scandinavian
girls, housework, $25; 9 German girls, house-
work, $20 and $25; 19 girls, housework, $15;
French nurse," $15; nurse girl, $10; laundress,
country hotel, $20 and fare; ironers. country ,
steam laundry, $10 a week; cook and helper.
$25 and $1&; cook, delicacy store, $30: waitress,
cafe $4 50 a week; 2 girls, same house, $30;
nurse for institution, $20. C. It. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
FIELD'S Leading Employmen Office, 655 Clay
»t., phone Davis 821— Woman for country, $20
month; woman for city, $25 month; woman
for city, $15 month. ' • ' ,
WANTED— A German girl for cooking and I
housework; no windows to clean; wages $25. •
Call 2007 Devlsadero St., forenoon or after 6 !
p. m. j
OPERATORS on ladies' underskirts and fine
muslin underwear; steady work; good wages.
BAUER BROS. & CO., 21 Sansome st.
COMPETENE girl, cooking and housework. In j
small Jewish family: wages $15 to $20. Call
before 12 a. m., 1428 McAllister Bt.
A COOK for American family living In San
Mate.,, $30 a month: no wash. Call 424 Sut-
ter St.. near Powell.
WANTED German or Swedish girl for general \
housework; good laundress; good plain cook; j
wages $20. .'.27 Harrison st.
GIRL for general housework; wages $20. Ap-
ply DR. ANDERSON, 1170 Market st., room 9.
WANTED— lntelligent girl to mind an office;
$12 per month to commence. Box 2366. Call.
AN experienced ladies' tailor for suits and
Jackets; country position. R. 81. Flood bid*.
WANTED A waitress to work from 5:30 to
8 p. m. Apply 250 Bills st.
WANTED— GirI that understands stamping
stationery. Inquire 141 Fremont st.
GIRL wanted to learn trade. Inquire 141 Fre-
mont Ft.
APPRENTICES at dressmaking; neat sewers
will be well paid. 231 Post Pt., room 4.
EXPERIENCED waitress for restaurant at
573 Hayes St.
ELDERLY woman. Scandinavian or German,
to cook for 3 or 4 men. 600 Halght st.
CHAMBERMAID or dining-room girl. 1830
Haiglit St.. Park Restaurant.
WOMAN to work in lodging house. 1032 Mar-
ket st.
GLOVE-MAKERS wanted. Empire Glove
Works, corner Battery and Washington sts.
GERMAN girl for housework and cooking; $16.
Apply 9 to 12, 414 Van News aye.
WANTED Young girl for light housework;
• elsep home. 2006 Sutter st.
GIRL or woman for housework; wages $20. Ap-
ply 1221 Stockton st. ___^
WANTED A saleslady In a bakery; references.
Apply 1410 Polk at. _/_
LOANS on diamonds and Jewels; low Interest;
perfect secrecy. UNCLE HARRIS, 16 Grant.
WANTED— and girls to work on fruit
at Cutting Fruit Packing Co., Seventh and
Berry sts.
, *
HOUSEKEEPER for American mechanic, un-
der 35, Protestant, strictly honorable home for
life for rlf»ht party. Box 17, Call Branch Of-
fice, 10C Eleventh st.
WANTED— Young woman to take charge of
child year and a half old; light washing. Call
1810 Gough, before noon Thursday or Friday.
YOUNG girl to assist In light housework. 1413
Scott st.
FIRST-CLASS cook, with city references. Ap-
ply at 820 Post St., bet. 9 and 12.
WANTED— First-class skirt hands. S. KRAM-
ER. 220 Powell st.
WANTED— Chambermaid for sailor boarding- i
house. Call at 78 Jackson st.
WANTED Girl for Hunt house work. % Call 116
Col linn wood st.
WANTED— Young girl to assist in light house-
work. Apply 530 Lyon st.
WANTED— Reliable girl for general house-
work; two In family; wages $10. 603 Fell st.
GOOD girl for light housework; wages $10.
2777 Twenty-fourth St.
GOOD talloresses and apprentices and button-
hole makers at 609 Kearny st., room 2.
WANTED— GirI to assist with light housework'
and baby. 129 Olive aye., near Van Ness.
GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS!
LEVI STRAUSS _ CO.. 32/4 Fremont St..
are putting In the very best sewing ma-
chines and will take In several hundred more
operators on overalls; good wages. Apply to I
UK. DAVIS.
SEVERAL ladles for Instructors; new buslnes«;
profitable. Call at 472'_ Thirteenth St.. Oak-
land.
WANTED— GirI for cooking and downstairs
work. 836 Union st.
WANTED— German cock In restaurant, 113
Turk st. ; no other need apply.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School gives a
thorough, artistic course. 103 Post st. :
IRONERS wanted by U. S. LAUNDRY ASSO-
CIATION. Sixteenth St.. near Valencia.
WOMEN and girls wanted to wont on fruit at
176 San Jose aye. •
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109« Va-,
l»nrla st I
HELP WANTED— MALE.
WANTED— to drive scrapers; wages
$175 and $2; board, $4 50 per week. Apply
E. B. STONE'S camp, near San Pablo sta-
tion, on Wai ley Road.
HELP WANTED- — 
MURRAY - READY PHONE M_>s«C*6B4t
Leading Employment and Lai 'Agents,
WANT TO-DAY FHP2A 1 A. M.. ......
£6 harvest hand 5.. ..52 "Si 50 day and found
$3 60 day He,V--.s_alers $3 50 day
28 choremen lac4dsxiS's....sSo1 ac4dsxiS's....$S0 to $15 and found
16 milkers. ,<..:.. $30, $25 and found
£6 steady farm hands. '.s3o. $26, $25 and found
189 laborers and teamsters for city $2 day
Han and wife with family for mine •
' $35 and found
Coatmakers Boys for city factories
2 milk wagon drivers $30, $26 and found
German to drive bakery wagon.. s2o and found
298 laborers for all parts of California, $3,
$2 50. $2 $1 75 day
12 two-norse teamsters (2 25 day
IS laborers, fare 50c ...: $&>
29 laborers, fare 70c $60
23 stablemen, etc.... 550, $40, $30, $25 and found
2 tallymen, lumber company $75
Carpenter, Government U. S $50 and found
2 good Iron workers ...._ > day
Blacksmith on wagon Iron work....jrfT%Z day
Blacksmith's helper for mine $60
12 stone and concrete masons 13 '0 day
"NOTICE
687 other places, not advertised.
CALL AND SEE
Wheelwright, country shop ....C. C. Co
Harness-makers. ..Stone and concrete masons
Upholsterers.... Sash door makers
Slate splitters, wood turners, mill bench hands
Cabinet-makers
Block makers ..Setters, sawmill
Machinist on corrugated rolls Coopers
Wages above Jobs $5, $4, $3 50. $3, $2 50 day.
;. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
WANT TO-DAY. 7 A. M
help for Utah. Oregon, Washington. Hawaii-
an Islands, Arizona, British Columbia, all
parts of California .' ".
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
i GOLD MINES
I 4 SILVER MINES
23 OTHER MINKS
Jo miners $2 50 day
184 laborers (no experience wanted), $57 per
month. Including hoard and lodging
25 laborers, fare $150, No. 1 mine $60
16 laborers, fare $2 50, No. 1 mine. $34 and fd
27 laborers, large mine $63
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay at :
BOILER MAKERS
T BLACKSMITHS
7 boiler-makers, country Jobs $3 75 day
7 blacksmiths' helpers.. sBo, $50, $76 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
MARRIED HELP
j 5 farmers and wives
£ milkers and wives
6 cooks and wives for hotels, etc
•'' wife to cook for men, man as choreman on
ranch: $80, $55, $50. $45, $40, $35, $30 and found
MURRAY _ READY. 63t and 636 Clay it.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT BAKERS
32 c00k5.. 565. $55, $50, $45, $40, $35, $30 and found
19 waiters $35. $3u, $2i, iM ana round
88 dishwashers $30, $25, $20. $15 and found
4 first, 5 second, 6 third hand bakers, also 3
boys to learn. $45, $40. $35, $30. $25, $20, $15 and
found; come and see us; 15 porters, bedmak-
ers, bell and elevator boys, pantrymen. Jani-
tors, $30, $25, $20, $15 and found: 7 laundry-
men $35. $30, $25 and found
5 cooks and wives
MURRAY & READY. 634 and «38 Clay st.
CARPENTERS CARPENTERS
26 carpenters, 8 hours, free fare, 16 miles from
San Francisco, 9 months' Job $3 day
18 carpenters, city and country Job $3 day
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
TO SALT LAKE UTAH
We are "exclusive" agents of labor
FOR THE FOLLOWING
$3 50 day Coal Miners $3 60 day
To gait Lake City, Utah
fare paid; boss at our office: come see him.
We shipped 20 last Monday
shipped 155 yesterday
shipping 150 Saturday next
there has not been any labor trouble
there is not now any labor trouble
there will not be any labor trouble
great contracts have, been made by the rail-
. road companies for the coal, which will In-
sure work for years to come
, Remember :
if you are in British Columbia, Oregon,
Washington or other States, or any part of
! California, come at once and we will ship
Don't' write. !!!!!".!'.!m'ur'raY_' ' READY....
| come yourself 634 and 636 Clay st.
; FRUITPICKERS
graprplckers
— 565 men and boys
fares $125 office fee, $1 only
anybody will suit; you will
80 to 90 days' work: $30 per month and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay at.
WE pay your fares
to 38 sawmills, etc.
no experience wanted
l 197 men for 50 different jobs
from laborers to run machines
....wages, $26 to $10 per month and found!...
] also lumber pliers, crosscut sawyers, tree
I fellers, bark peelers, Jackscrewers, woods-
men and mlllmen of every description, $80,
I $75, $65, $50, $45, $40. $30 and found; wood-
I choppers, tie— takers, shingle and bolt makers,
picket makers, etc., by the hundreds.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
WE ship you free free fare
to every railroad In California but one
drillers, hammersmen, teamsters. ' laborers,
stonemasons, etc., from $3 50 day; board,
lodging, etc., cost $4 50 week (remember the
one we don't ship to Ib the Coast R. R.)
MURRAY £( READY. 634 anil 636 Clay St.
WANTED— Restaurant cook, $10 week: hotel
cooks, $40 to $50; kltchentnan for ranch, $15;
waiter, country hotel, $30; restaurant waiters.
! $7 and $8 week; restaurant second cook, $40;
second cook for institution, $40; dishwashers,
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— IS laborers for lumber railroad. $26
and board, fare advanced; 100 laborers for mill
and woods, mines and quarries; 29 teamsters,
$2 day; barkers; Jackscrewers: crosscut saw-
yers, and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
Sacramento st.
WANTED— 2 stablemen, $30 and board; car-
penter, $3 day; stage driver, $20 and board;
milker and wife, $65: milk wagon driver and
wife, $30: farmer and wife, $35 to $40, see boss
here; miners, $2 50 day; farmers. $20 and $25;
man for stock ranch, $25; machinist: errand
boys, $2 50 and $3 week. J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 628 Sacramento st. ".' .
WANTED— An errand boy for this office. J. F.
■ CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
ANDRE'S office, 316 Stockton st.— Walters, city
and country. $40. $35. $25; dishwashers, city or
country, $30, $23, $15; cook, country, $40;
washer for institution, $30; ironer, country,
$30; laborers, $1 25 a day and board, eto.
FIELD'S Leading Employment Office. 655 Clay
Clay St., phone Davis S2i— rockmen for
quarry. $2 23 day: 20 laborers for city, $175;
10 teamsters for city, $1 75: 3 ranch hands,
steady Job, $25 month: 2 milkers. $25 month;
10 woodchoppers, 91 60 cord; 15 teamsters,
country, $2 day; 10 section men, $2 day.
WAITER, very good .Job, $25. HOTEL GA-
ZETTE, 26 Montgomery st.
GOOD hustler can make from $2 to $4 per day.
Cull on.WM. ASCHEIM for particulars this
Saturday and Sunday morning at 7 sharp,
601 Taylor St., first floor.
WANTED — Driver for bakery wagon well ac-
. quainted in -Western Addition. Call, bet. 4 ,
and 6 o'clock* 918 Larkin st.
WANTED— Elderly man to work In coal yard;
German preferred; wages $1 per day; refer-
ence required. - Apply 1235 Howard st.
WANTED — Canvassers and teachers; some-
thing entirely new. 1424_ Park st., Alameda,
room 5. .
2 FIRST-CLASS barbers wanted. 407 Bush St.
3 BARBERS, wanted Saturday. 797 Mission st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. Corner
Golden Gate aye. and Hyde st.
\ BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 656
i Fourth Ft.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 1073 Mar-
ket st., near Seventh. . '_
GOOD barber for Friday, Saturday and Sun-
day; chance for steady. 623 Clay Bt.
BARBER wanted; steady work. 217 Fourth
street.
BARBER- wanted for Saturday and Sunday at
504 Valencia St.
GOOD bushelman wanted. Apply S. N. WOOD
6 CO., 718 Market St., 7:30 a. m.
WANTED— 2 first-class coatmakers. Apply at
116 Sutter st.
GOOD grocery clerk wanted: has to understand
the business. Call 398 Waller St.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS. & CO., 26 Sutter st.
ERRAND boys wanted.. 508 Front st.
EXPERIENCED man tailor for ladies' suits
and Jackets. " Room 81. Flood building. •
WANTED— Driver for milk wagon at 81« Treat i
avenue* .
BOY. wanted. Stall 1 and 3, Union-square
market. -
WANTED— first-class coatmaker at ISSV4
' Natoma' st. ■
DISHWASHER wanted. Call ii a. m., 1416
Howard St.
BEDMAKER wanted at 32 East st.
BUSHELMAN and presser. 2818 Greenwich
street.
GOOD block butcher; $25 a month and found.
3318 Mission St.
NIGHT dishwasher. 1390- Turk st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher; high wages; state
work. "2, r > ' t; Montgomery aye.
WANTED— A good cook at 111 Taylor st.
SHOEMAKER wanted. 305 Third st.
WANTED— first-class tailors. Apply to H.
vF. Lauderkamp, Troop F, Sixth Cavalry,
Presidio.
I--"" HELP WANTED MALE.
10 CARPENTERS FARE PAID
For Hume building. 2 months' work; ship this
afternoon and to-morrow
wages $3 a day board $4 10 a week
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. _
FREE FARE FOR MARTINE"
10 4-horse scraper teamsters $2 25 a day
10 2-horse scraper teamsters $2 0') a day
10 laborers J2 00 a day
SHIP TO-DAY
C. R. HANSEN & CO., VM Geary- St.
COMPANY WORK FREE FARE
30 laborers. $1 75 a day; b*,Ard $4 ."0 a week.
C. R. HANSEN & CO. , I'M Geary St.
10 STONEMASONS. IS S6; 15 helpers, »2; for
railroad work; free fare.
C. R. HANBEN Ji CO.. 104 Geary Bt.
FARE ADVANCED SAWMILL WORK
Cross cutters, $30; barkers, $30: snipers. $35:
ja*-'kscrewers, $35; swampers, $?6; see boss
here. C. R. HANSEN co. MM Geary st.
FOR AN OCBAN STEAMER
2 cooks, 2 second cooks. $50: 2 third cooka.
$48 and $35; pastry cook, $;"u; bread baker,
$50; 6 waiters, $20. C. R. UANSEN & CO.,
104 Geaxy st.
COOKS. $12. $11 and $9 a week: potwasher,
country hotel. $25 and found: kitchen hands,
$30 and $20: bedmaker, $9 a week and room —
second cook, hotel, north, »r>". ; fry cook. $45:
chief cook, restaurant, $125; 4 waiters. $50: 3
welters, country hotels, $25. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
MARKER and distributor, $40 and found:
washer, $40 and found; Ironer. $35 and found;
all for country laundry. C. R. HANSE.N &
CO., 104 (Jeary St..
COACHMAN with references, $4(1 to $r.O and
found; gardener and man about place, $25 and
found; 2 men about place, $20 and $15: milker
and buttermaker, 525: milker, $25; blacksmith
helper, city, $1 50 a day: 2 farmers. SI a day;
2 hand rock quarry men, $2 25 a day; 2 boys
to work In a nail shop. $1 a day; choremen,
ranch. $2£ and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
WAITER and wife; waitress, country hotel,
$45; barkeeper. $25 and found. C. R. HAN-
SEN X- CO.. I'M Geary st.
10 TEAMSTERS for railroad work, Madera:
free fare. C. R. HANSEN « CO.. 104 Geary.
6 NEAT young Scandinavian or German wait-
ters for a steamship. $20. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— A first-class pantryman; call early.
23 Grant aye.
WANTED— Dishwasher at 3034 Sixteenth St.,
near Valencia.
WANTED— A waiter at 19 Powell st.
OLD gold, diamonds, pianos, sealskins bought ;
highest price paid. UNCLE HARRIS.ISGrant.
I WANTED— Several GOOD DEPUTY ORGAN-
IZERS for ONE of the BEST FRATERNAL
ORDERS In California. Call or address DR.
W. M. PARK, 24 Sixth St., room 5; hours,
18 a. m. to 2 p. m.
INSURANCE— Smart man with good connec-
tion to canvass and collect on salary and com-
mission; i to 12. WM. BROWN, 611 Mont-
gomery.
MEN wanted to learn barbtr trade in eight
weeks; only Institution teaching the tonso-
rlal art; constant practice: expert Instruction;
lectures on dermatology; Sat. wages; positions
guaranteed; call or write for illustrated cata-
logue. MotiWs Barber College, 635 Clay st.
WANTED— Fitters on men's shoes. Apply at
United Worklngmen B. _ S. Co., Twenty-fifth
and Bartlett sts.. city.
WANTED— Gardener; man to raise cut flow-
ers. Call 1211 Polk st.
BTEADT waiter in a restaurant. 1769V4 Mission
street.
WANTED — Piano salesman of experience; sal-
ary and commission. Box 2323. Call.
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
| organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ,
Employment Secy.. 630 Market, downstairs.
PARTY well acquainted and controlling busi-
ness can secure position In large fire and
marine Insurance office; salary paid to right
party. Address box 2307, Call.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. "62 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
800 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly £amager. half
price. 562 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
BUSH ELM AN wanted. Apply after 9 a. m. to
CHAS. LYONS. London Tailor. 721 Market st.
WANTED— Three men of energy to canvass;
straight salary. 8 a. m., 300 Post st.
TO Tailors — Good coatmakers wanted. Apply
at 11 A. m.. at the Steven3on-sr. entrance.
CHAS. LYONS. London Tailor. 721 Market st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attor-
■ — i -neys, Hearst bldg:.. Third and Market.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart St.
BARBERS' Progressive Union: free employ.
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 152.
I SAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe.
| Hawaiian Islands. Manila. Alaska. New York.
W. LANE. Shipping Agent. 504-506 Davis st.
FIRST-CLASS furnishing goods salesman and
window dresser. Apply box 2272. Call.
GENTS' line calf shoes to order, $8 50 up; sole-
I ing, 20c to 35c; heeling. 15c up. y*3 Howard jt.
TRY our 16c meals: best In city. 406 McAllis-
ter st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S.
F. BARBER COLLEGE. 13S'^ Eighth St.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c, 15c and 25c
per night. Lindell, 6th and Howard; read. rm.
i SINGLE rooms, 15c, 20c, 25c per night; 75c; $1
to $2 50 week. Elcho House, S63't: Market st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market st.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10H6 Va-
lencia st.
I HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
|40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies.
cartn. harness, (irand Arcade Horse Market.
I 327 Sixth st. ; auction tales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WIIX, sell or trade large bay horse. Apply
horse clippers, 22 Golden Gate aye.
1 LARGE horse, weighing 1300 pounds. South
Park Stables. 344 Brannan St.
FANCY carriage, saddle and road horses. DAL-
ZHEL. Veterinary Delitlst. 60:> Golden Gate ay.
HOLSES — LODGING — FOR SALE.
50- ROOM
CORNER HOUSE
CLEARS $200
ONLY $1600
30 rooms; corner; rent $55 $75ii
18 rooms; on Turk St.. near Market 55<i
20 rooms; on Eddy st. ; must sell 6'n}
28 rooms; corner; apartment house 1600
11-rv>om house; one floor 350
32 rooms; 2 fronts; clears $250 2200
36 rooms; on Market Ft.; clears $200 1450
TELEPHONE JOHN NO. 51
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.. opp. Fifth.
$326 HOUSE of 21 rooms; 3d St., near Market;
rent $W mo.; must sell this week. BASILE,
3 Eddy st.
PARTIES wlshinx to sell lodging houses sea
BASILE. S Eddy St., new cash buyer dally.
$700— SNAP; 45 rooms; fine location; all rented;
rent $90 month. BASILE. 3 Eddy st.
$300— BARGAIN; 24 rooms; all rented; near
Market st. ; rent $40 month. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
$325—20 ROOMS; finely furn.; north ot Market;
all rented; rent $40 month. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
11-ROOM house; centrally located; all full; at
a bargain. 1145 Mission st.
$*00— SO ROOMS, clearing $100 per month; rent'
$76; $3<><p cash, balance easy payments. 105
New Monttomery.
$650- Philadelphia House, 421 Bush St.; 48 fur-
nished rooms: gas and water In every room.
I/ODGING houses— Call before buying and sell-
Ing. Pacific Room Renting Co.. 426 Kearny.
HOI SES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to feTrsenT*for^clr^
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
SIXTH, 121— Newly renovated house; 11 rooms;
all light and airy; low rent to gixid perma-
nent tenant. SOL GETZ & BROTHER, room
A. Crocker building.
DOCTORS— For private sanitarium; large cen^
trally located house with 11 rooms. 2 bath-
rooms, spacious cellar and good garden- to
lease. T. O. HEYDENFELDT, 1040 Post st.
$13-sU— house of 6 rooms and i uf 4 rooms;
3 and ti Lawrence place, -off Fremont Et.. bet.
Harrison and Bryant; grand view of bay; In
fine order; to small family only.
NINE rooms, with private entrance; fine for
renting rooms. 313H O'Farrell st.. nr. Mason.
HOI'SE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & "HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
$35— BAY-WINDOW house. with furniture-
-260» Pine st. Apply E. ROBINET. room «.
Jill'- California «t.
ADVANCES at lowest interest: nrivate en-
trance. UNcr-K HARRIS. 15 Grant aye
HOISES TO LET FI T RXISHED^
GOLDEN GATE AYE., 823. facTng~JefTerson
Park— Nicely furnished cottage of 6 rooms and
bath; large yard.
LOST AND FOi.\D. .
£3sTZFronTElghth and Market sts. to Halght-
st. car to Stanyan St.. 1 solitaire diamond ear-
ring Liberal reward if returned to MR.--
WM! CRONON. 17 Baker St., bet. Page and
Halght. '
LOST strayed or stolen at Third and Verona
st« 'black horse and black business buggy;
onen back dark red wheels, with brake; side
springs* liberal reward. I\ BRILLIANT. 333
Post t,t. ' .
i^ST-Satchel containing surgical instruments;
eultable reward. C. E. FARM.M, M.D.. JOT
Parrott building.
lost—a pocketbook on Harrison St.. near
Fifth. Return to 411 Fifth st.: reward.
WHITE bull terrier: name Tempo; ears uncut;
reward. 30 California Market. •
FOUND-3 boats on bay. Apply 461 Santa
Clara aye.. Alameda.
' ~ MASSAGK. ■ ..
MASSAGE- gentlemen treated at residence, D.
SULLIVAN. 215 Kearny St. hours. 4 to a p.m.
MEDICAL. •
DRS7~GOODWIN. lady's physician, _ formerly
of 401 Van Ness aye. and 1362 Market St..
now at 118 Eddy st- one block from Market.
NERVOUSNESS, rheumatism, stomach troubles
' treated and cured by magnetism and elec-
tricity. '534^ Turk st. | ,
| MRS. DR. KOHL. ladles' physician. 1123 Mar-
i bet St.; bet. Mason and Taylor; hours. 9to 5.
MRS DR. WYETH. ladies' physician; consul-
tation free. 942 Post, bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRS DR. GWYER. ladles' physician. 510
Eddy St., bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. DR. .DA VIES, ladies' physician. 1221
Market St.. bet. Taylor and Jones.
MRS DR. WEGENER. ladies' physician: medi-
cated baths a specialty. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
MRS ALLEN, ladles' physician. 228 Van Ness
ave'.. bet. Hayes and Grove; 9 a. m. to » p. m.
i DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
easeg of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MINING AND ASSAYING.
! WANTED by party having excellent oil prop-
erty several persons with small capital to
organize corporation for development. Box
2371. Call. '__ ,
WANTED— Partner to relocate placers, also
Government land. .7. BELL. Oakland, Cal.
MINES AND MINING.
W F ARAM, mining attorney, room 40, BtK
. floor. Mills bldg.. S. F. ; tel. Main 844.
COPPER mine partly developed; accessible:
runs 10 per cent; price $15,000; gold quarts
mine in Oregon. 18-inch vein $50 ore; prlca
$5000; purchaser may deal with owner direct.
W. F. ARAM. Mills building.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILF.US engines. 2-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters ' linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion st., above Sixth.
BARS counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
PATENT for sale— A nut-locking device for
vehicles, etc. Apply at 1221 Green st.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. Mange Cure at all drug-
gists or at the Dog Hospital.
FOR sale— Lot 25x137:6; south side of Goldea
Gate aye., bet. Laguna and Octavia sts.; in-
come $40. Address J. B. FRENCH, NW. cor-
ner of Ellis and Broderlck sts.
FOR SALE— 2S cows, 14 heifers, 6 horses, 2
milk wagons, harness, cans, cooler, etc., and
$350 route; terms cash. Address 8., Call
Agency, San Jose. ' •
FOR sale— An aluminum bicycle, almost new.
reasonable; leaving city cause of sale. Box
2000. Call office.
FRESH snowballs— "T. Carr" and all brands
English .fire brick, fire clay, brick dust. S. R.
CHURCH. 307 Sansome St.. tel. Main 5086.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St., near Pine.
SECOND-HAND machinery; electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
PHOTOGRAPHIC apparatus; .bargain list No.
15 now ready for mailing. 109 Montgomery st.
SIX h.p gasoline engine; also 15 h.p. portable
boiler &■ engine. Krogh Mfg. Co., Stevenson st.
SAFES— and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences i. portable safety boxes;
specie chests: bullion safes, vaults, etc. Tha
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market St.. S. P.. Cal.
GASOLINE engines, all purposes; new and
second hand; carriage engines. DYNAMIC
ENGINE CO., 1399 Mission st., near Ninth.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE BED
MANN SAFE CO., 417-421 Sacramento st.
BO€LERS. engines, lathes, wood planers. 12 and
24 in.: gas en*. 2d hand. J. Burke, 139 Beale.
DRESS pants f2 75; fine suit. $10; MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery st.
MISCELLANEOUS wants.
LADIES' children's cast-off clothing bought,
sold: postal. Mrs. Koster, 916 Montgomery ay.
2 DENTAL chairs; must be Al and a bargain.
Ohio Dental Parlors. Inc.. S6O Market St.:
open evenings and Sundays. 9 to 2.
WANTED— To hire, WO first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B.
STONE. Elmhurst.
A— Ladies' or gents' clothing, furniture bought,
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
OLD sold, gold dust, platinum and sliver
bought. H. Landecker A Co.. 118 Montgomery.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANT amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back In Installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as lons as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us first;
you will be watted upon quietly and quickly.
Call 68-69 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rate*, without
removal; no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission st., abov*
Sixth; telephone South 14. ;
ANY amount of 6^. per cent on real estate, 'id
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay. R. Mc-COLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. S.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry.
Store. 846 Market .St.; telephone Main 1644. '■
ANY amount by private party on furniture, and
pianos; no removal: low rates; confidential.
KONELLI. Conservatory bids.. 130 Powell st.
PARTIES desirous of borrowing $50 to $200 on
note or business 8t S per cent, address Lender,
box 1255. Call office.
LOANS on furniture, pianos. Jewelry, stock: low '
rates. J. H. EDSON, 1209 Broadway, Oakland.
A RELIABLE place to borrow money on dia-
monds. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bid*.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates- Ist and 2d mortgs.;
ny proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; ni>
commission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without lcdorser. TOUSLEY. 592. Parrott big.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
-.MUSICAL' INSTRU3IENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos Tor 54
caßh and $6 per month, we ask "you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are tha
same as if purchased for all cash: bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
■ payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$6 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY * CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'
26. 2S and- 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
all other musical : Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy th«
 customer.
A FEW GOOD BARGAINS.
Bord upright $115
Cornish upright • 175
Smith & Barnes 195
I 4 new Weber pianos cheap. BENJ. CUR-
i TAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
SMALL upright for $10-); Hemme & Long, $175;
Gibson $225: Decker & Son, $350; all bargains
at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
YOU get good pianos at reasonable prices and
on easy terms at MAUVAIS', 769 Market st.
A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up; installments. $5 75 up;
rents. $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. IS6 Ellis;
W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
A BARGAIN — Steinway upright cheap
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister, next Hlbernia Bank!
FINE Pte'n^ay ate sacrificed for cash.
Room 12, Flood building.
GOOD piano in storage on sale cheaD for cash
q WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market st/ cas^
GREAT sale of "Ideal Guitars" this 'week at
Mauvals , 769 Market st. Get prices at once.
A— sB6 UPRIGHT piano in fine condition; also
the famous Homung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
CHEAP Steinway upVight:~aTso~ the famous
c Hornung Bros.' pianos. 216 McAllister st.; MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
SOIIiIER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 30S
Post fit.
WANTED— 2 Square Pianos and 4 Cabinet Or- !
gang. BYRON MAUZY, SOS Post Bt. j
KN'ABE pianos; new scale; new styles. X.OH- |
■LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H. I
MT'L'LER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place. j
OFFICES AM) STORES — TO LET. j
BTABL-ISHED shoemaker shop; fine
"business location; cheap rent. Inquire COl
• Larkin st.
FOR rent or for lease. 553 Howard st.. large
. ?tcre and large concrete basement.
PALMISTRY.
MME. " rd_ p U pu f count St. Ger-
main. 616 Henry St., above Jones: classes;
.■ office hours. 1 to » p. m.; reading by mail. $1.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER with $2:.00 to stock hard-!
ware business; cleared $6000 In 1 yr. ; estab.
".over 20 yrs. M. K. M., Call office, Oakland.
PERSONALS.
A NEW great discovery for the permanent !
''removal of superfluous hair and a great pro- !
.'" gress in medical science, which allows both j
■' men and v. omen to dispense with the painful
electric needle, which is very often danger-
ous .to use.
: t"herofore it would be well for any one who 1
ts afflicted with such a disfigurement to call ,
upon me.
' Dr, Popper, specialist for all kinds of dis- 1
figurement on the face, cures freckles, moles, i
pimples, blackworms, scars. Also a new meth-
cjlJ to cure birthmarks, tan, mot, wrinkles.
Also clears complexion, etc, etc.. and every i
ease is guaranteed by the well-known Dr. i
Popper, who has practiced here in the city for i
the past 37 years. For any of these cases he ;
will send treatment to any part of the coun-
try. DR. V. POPPER. 31S Kearny St.. S. F.
PAINTING and paper hanging; rooms papered,
• $: 50 up. JENSEN & BATH, SOS Sixth St.
EASTERN vocalist, reputation, would have ex-
.perlenced plan.st of ability Join her high-class i
concerts through California, continuing East-
ern anJ northern States. Box 307. Call, Oakld.
WORKS of art worth $100,000 on exhibition at
Palace of Art. 16 Post st. Ladles with escorts j
admitted from 8:80 p. m. to 11:30 p. m. E. '■
_ HAQUETTH. ■
MRS. L. J. WHEELOCK has removed La Verite
Toilet Parlors to 1140 Market st., near Taylor.
INCRUSTATION— invention for china dec- I
■ orators. See S. R. CHURCH, 307 Sansome et.
ANNIE — Where did you get your tailor-made
' suit? At the EASTERN OUTFITTING CO.,
■ 1306 Stockton. I paid for came at $1 per week.
ASSORTMENT of imported and domestic rem-
.. nan 13 for suits to order, $10 75, pants, $3 75:
•nothing higher. One-Price Tailoring Co., 1644
• Market St., under St. Nicholas Hotel.
■\y ANTED— Name and address of persons owing
mortgages to Pacific States Building and
' Loan Association, who have paid in on stock
' for 6or 7 years. Address G. B. HOLMBERG,
. 632 Market St., S. F., room 23.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law, ana Copyright
• No. 4 Sutter St., Laws a Specialty
'.Ban Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Send for circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market: 700 rooms;
•• tic to $1 50 per night; $1 B0 to $6 per week;
• free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
S"HE face beautified and hair dressed in the
very latest style for only 25c: switches. $1 up;
gray hair restored, $1 50 to $5. G. LEDERER.
• 123 Stockton st.
"BALL-BEARING" sewing machines: no fric-
tion. White Sewing Machine Co., 300 Post st.
MME. LOUJSE'3 manicure parlor has removed
'. frcm Fin-ell to 332 Eddy et.
FRINGES of nil kinds at ETTIXGER'S, 723
Market St.
LEDERER' S Qulntonica Hair Tonlo gives that
i?oft and glossy appearance to the hair; 35c a
..bottle. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
MLLE. CLAIRE BERTRAND, manicure par-
lore, 238 Kearny et.. first floor, rooms 2-3.
JAMES A. SORENSON, watchmaker and jew-
■ eler, removed to 103 Sixth St., near Mission.
LACHMAN & CO.. mfrs. of fine furs and seal
garments; also remodeling. 104 Keary st.
RUPTURE, piles cured; examination free.
Drs. Mansfield & Porterfleld, S3S Market st.
HIRSUTINE Co.. hair specialists, arrow hair
or no nay: book for stamp. 6 Eddy st.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
Ing, call on B. COHEN. 157 Third st.
RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife; no injec-
tion: guarantd. Dr. Gordln, 514 Pine, ab. Krny.
Ei'lTS to order on easy Installments. L.
1-F.MOP. 1117 Market ft., bet. 7th and Sth.
WANTED— OId gold for manufa'ng. O. Nolte,
J»weler. 143 O'Farrell. bet. Powell & Mason.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. OT'ONNELL. office and residence,
102 m Market «t.. bet. -Sixth and Seventh. -
REAL ESTATE — CITY— FOR SALE.
FOR sale— House of 10 rooms, suitable for 2
families; lot 2Gxll0; on Thirteenth st., in West
•Oakland; price $1700; cheaper for cash: offer
wanted; going East the cause. For particu-
lars apply to WM. CHRISTIN. Real Estate
Ag^nt, 1759 Seventh St., West Oakland.
NEW HOMES
Five, 6, 7, 9 and 10 ro«m houses, finished
with all modern conveniences, fronting on
Waller, Pierce and Primrose sts., from $3100
to 14500: terms to suit purchaser. . F. NEL-
P r >S. BuiMer.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
v.-tf?t of First aye.. and you wish to sell them, j
call on W. i GUNN, 410 Montgomery at.
$7iX> AND up will build 4-room bay-window cot- j
thg?; house repairing any part of city. SALS-
BURT; builder: shop, 1334 Market st. j
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements ar.Jk
euhsTiptlons has been established at 1096 Va-
it-r.'Mn Ft. '
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY Sale
$350): WORTH $7000.
Lot 100x200, corner San Leandro road and
Rose st., in Fltchbunr; new bulldlnc, con-
taining Btore, saloon, 7 rooms, all Improve-
ments; In perfect oril<r; fine li den; stable
and warehouse; 9 rustle outhouses; elegant
roadside resort; must be sold; account sick-
ness of owner. Aunly on premises to C.
CLUNDT; San Leandro electric car passes
door; also brand office Call. Oakland.,
Full SALE— Ranch of 33 acres, mostly all in
young bearing prune oreharU; mall house; j
nice large barn, windmill and tankhouse,
br'>oderh.june. incubator and brooders; 300 j
chick 2 horses, wagons, 1 cow, farming
tools, etc.; near railroad station, poetofflce
and Bchoolnouse; price $2s. r io. Call or address
P. PIPPERT, Cotatl, Sonoma County, Cal.
WANTED— Ranch en shares; will furnish cash. I
X.. 102H Sixth Et. l
HOMESTEADS, two claims adjoining. $200; |
Sonoma Co. ; valuable redwood tanbark tim-
ber; mineral spring; good soil; abundance ol
deer. J3l California St., room 1.
TO About 200 acres land, including 20 acres
of valuable vineyard, at Lakeville, on Peta-
luma Creek: 5 horses and all the agricultural
Implements required. Apply at 109 Fourteenth
Bt.. San Francisco.
FOR sale— COO acres of dairying or grazing land 1
In southern part of Humboldt Co., Cal.; best
of climate: plenty of wood and water; large
outside partim-a; never falling crops. MAR-
TIN R. JAGER, 110 Taylor St., S. F.
JLOOO FOR '2OO acres h"*t bottom land: all
.'r'riced; JW) fruit trees. Write, for particulars j
to" P. O. box 321, Redding. Cal. '
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BEFORE hunting housekeeping rooms get list
free. Pacific Room-renting Co.. 426 : cßrny.
CLARA. 164, near Fifth— 2 furnished and 3 un-
furnished rooms.
EDDY, 917— Nicely furnished housekpg rooms;
splendid location; private res. ; no children.
EI'IjY, 153S — Four sunny unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; rent $17.
EIGHTH MB— 2 sunny double front parlors'.
with kitchen and bathroom, furnished for
housekeeping ;: private; near Market Bt.
FIFTH, 2r,2 Large clean front room, with car-
pet iui<l curtains; kitchen; stove; for 2; $» SO.
FOLSOM, ;fip,r,v;_2 rooms, furnished complete
for housekeeping; top fiat.
GOLDEN GATE AVI". , 437— Lower fiat: 4
rooms, elegantly furnished; also single rooms. j
HARRISON. ?r;o— Fine punny furnished flat of |
3or 4 rooms for use keeping; gas; bath.
HOWARD, 529-Uou«ekeepinK rooms, $1 76 to $3 !
per week; also other rooms'.
HOWARD, 761H— NiciTsunny furnished suite;
•itchCAj an and v.ife; others: reasonable.
IF you're short borrow of the respectable
hoUFe of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
JESSIE, 2.'4— Four large sunny rooms; rent $8.
LARKIN, So4— Large sunny back room neatly
furnished, 1 or 2 persons, ■■; 50; small sunny
room, $4; light housekeeping.
McALLISTER, 1181— Pumlahed parlor, bed-
room, dining-room, kitchen; bath; no children. j
MINNA. F. 14 —2 furnished rooms, complete for j
housekeeping. ■ ■ ■ . J
S'INTH, 113—2 large sunny front rooms for
housekeeping; running water and bath; also
1 single room; reasonable.
S'OE. 153—2 pleasant front rooms in corner flat;
coal range; bach; yard; flu.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
OCTAVIA, 1403, corner Geary— Sunny bay-win-
dow, mantel, kitchen, gns stove ;> $13. «
STOCKTON", 1307— Nicely furnished room* for
housekeeping; rent cheap.
THIRD. 508— 2 nice rooms; sunny; suitable for
housekeeping.
TURK, ,'34'u— sunny rooms, nice furniture;
complete for houstheepins; gas, bath. •
VAN NESS. 102!— Finely furnished sunny
suites for housekeeping; also single rooms.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia rt. _^___^_
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Unfnrn.
BRUNSWICK HOUSE, US Sixth — Rooms,
2t>c.to $l per night; $125 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. _^^____
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath: rooms 60c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KINQ.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 726— Furnished sunny front room for
gentleman at i" per month; private.
CARROLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner; well furn. rrna. & offices.
CASTRO, 511—2 unfurnished rooms; rent $4 50.
CLARENCE, 663 Geary— Nicely furnished sun-
ny rooms; clean; respectable; reasonable.
EDDY 123 (United States Hotel)— Clean, neat
rooms; $1 10 week up; elevator day and night.
EDDY. 330— Newly furnished sunny rooms in
neat private house; modern conveniences.
ELLIS, 321 (Rosedale House)— Nice rooms, 26c
a night, Jl a week up: reading room.
ELLIS 51S— Fine large sunny rooms; newly
furnished; gas: bath; running water; jo up.
ELLIS 639. cor. Larkln— bay-window;
mantel: folding bed for two.
EXCELSIOR House, 39 Turk, cor. Taylor— New
mangt. ; sunny front wind, rms. ; trans' nt.
FELL, llS— Newly furnished double and single
rooms: sunny: private.
FIRST floor. 4 rooms, furnished; rent cheap.
3017 Sacramento st.
FRANKLIN, Newly furnished room; gas;
bath; private family; gentlemen; $7.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Comfortable furn.
rooms; travelers accommodated. MRS. HYER.
GEARY. 441 (the Harvey)— Nicely furn. rms. ;
bath, running water; thoroughly respectable.
GRAND SOUTHERN— Southeast cor. Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms", en suite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission-Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week^
HARRISON, 754%— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; all conveniences: homelike; week, up.
HOWARD, 715—200 sunny rooms; nicely fur-
nished; every convenience: electric lights.
HOWARD, Furnished rooms from $1 per
week up; also housekeeping and transient.
HOWARD, Single furnished front room,
with nice closet; sunny; $4 50 month.
HOWARD 1522 Lovely front sunny room; bay
window: very reasonable; other rooms.
HUGHES HOUSE 214 Third— Newly renovated;
20c to 50c per night ; $1 50 to J3 per week.
HYDE, 7. near City Hall— 2 sunny front rooms;
suitable for gentleman.
IF you wish to stop at a reasonable, quiet and
respectable rooming house, try 52 Second st.
KEARNY. 104 — Front suite 2 unfurnished
rooms. 510.
LARKIN, Sunny furnished corner suite;
running water; grate; closets. ;■ ;:
LEWIS, IS. off Taylor, near Post— One un-
furnished room; J3.
MAIN. Nicely furnished sunny rooms for
gentlemen, from M up per month. '
MARKET, IBM (Las Palmas)— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.; private; bath; sin. rms.; board optional.
MCALLISTER, 604— Nicely furnished sunny
bay- window front room; board optional.
McALLISTER, 702% — furnished or un-
furnished rooms to rent, en suite or single;
private family.
"NEWPORT." 21 Franklin, nr. Market— Large
bay-win, rms. and single, $5 up; also hskpg.
OAK, 116— Sunny bay-window suit and sin-
gle room; furniture and carpets new; gas and
bath.
O'FARRELL, Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator: electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
O'FARRELL, 537— Large room, suitable for 1
or 2 gentlemen; private family.
POST, 217— Pleasant sunny furnished rooms by
the lay, week or month.
POWELL. 317 (formerly Cosmos Club)— El-
egantly furnished sunny rooms; reasonable.
ROYAL House, 120 Ellis st— lncandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and ladles'
parlor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50; week, 12
to $8; month, $3 to $3": elevator on office
floor; room? with hot and cold water; baths.
SEVENTH, 262— Nicely furnished rooms; sunny
ail day; nice lawn; modern conveniences.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth st.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SOUTH PARK 46, near Third -Nicely fur-
nished room in private family: bath and gas.
STOP hunting furnished rooms: get list free.
Pacific Room Renting Co., 426 Kearny st.
THE Heath, 312 Eddy First-class rooms
and board: hot and cold water; telephone;
modern; all conveniences.
THE Oakß, 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
THIRD, 129— Sunny furnished rooms from $1
per week up. -
THIRD, 303— Housekeeping rooms. i 2 per week;
also single rooms for men. -^
TO Furnished rooms. 11l Eighth St.,
near Mission; quiet house.
TURK, 836— Handsomely furnished modern al-
cove room, overlooking Jefferson Square; sun
a-il day. ■
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 paxes, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
SEWING MACHINES AM) SUPPLIES.
J2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
: g tri"ir nt lowest rates. 205 Fourth Bt.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NICE private home In confinement: most rea-
sonable price In city. Mrs. M. Pfelffer, mid-
wife, 2012 Folsom, nr. 16th; phone White 1344.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 41 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5E20.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
CALA. Storage 'Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 35.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. «01 Post, cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
SWAPS-810 AND LITTLE. •
WILL trade first-class sandwich waxon for
furniture; cost $700. Box 2321. Call.
I HAVE a good bicycle; will swap for furni-
ture or carpets. Box 3273, Call.
"DOMESTIC" sewing machine; good as new;
trade for furniture. Box 3292, Call office.
COZY b«d lounge or bicycle for ; furniture or
carpets. Box 21C2. Call office.
TO LEASE.
UKIAH— rooms and 2 stores; cheap. Call at
'14 Montgomery St.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladles In delicate health; large
ground?; private. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 «th.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR exchange In beautiful Berkeley, 2 whole
blocks of perfectly level land, about 2400 front
feet; street work all done nnd only 1 block
from railroad station; no . mortgage; value
$25,000; will exchange for business property
in San Francisco. . : y:.---
Apply JOS. J. MASON, Real Estate,
Adjoining P. P., Berkeley.
NEAR the University; 2 houses, well rented;
lot UOklK; street work done; oaah value $6000;
mortgage $3800; will take ranch for equity.
Apply JOS. J. MASON, Real Estate. .
Adjoining P. P., Berkeley.
A VERY handsome residence, near the Uni-
versity; now rented for ?50 monthly; will ex-
change equity (about $4000) for residence
property in San Francisco.
Apply JOS. J. MASON, Heal Estate, ,
Adjoining I. <> . Perk-ley.
SPECIAL bargain in a nice .".-room cottage,
with bath, bant, well, windmill and tank;
all In good' condition and only 6 minutes'
■walk from stßtlon, for $1050. See O. O.
MAY. & CO.. 2123 Center st.
THE SAN FKA:N CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1899.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
• BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
NEW colonial house; 5 rooms and porcelain
bath tub; pantry; hot and cold water: -sta-
tionary tubs; folding doors; city water;
brick foundation; street sewered and graded;
large lot: ' $1750; just think, only $100 cash,
balance $18 monthly; this property is In
good location, being close to schools,
churches, stores and 2 electric-car lines; take
Berkeley train, get off at Lorin station, ask
for RUDOLPH & PERKINS; office open
Sundays and evenings.
FOR — Almost new; 5 rooms; bath; pantry;
hot and cold water; stationary tubs; folding-
doors; bay-windows; high basement: fruit
trees; chicken yard: stable; all fenced and
cross fenced; price $1250, only $100 cash, bal-
ance $12 50 monthly: bank loaned $1000 on j
this property; take Berkeley train, get off nt
Lorln station, ask for RUDOLPH & PER-
KINS; office open Sundays and evenings.
FOR SALE— Fine rerldence Bite; corner Vine
and ::pniee. bet. Vine and Cedar. North
Berkeley; outlook on bay; very desirable for
home; garden, orchard; any amount. Terms,
owner. HEMENWAY. 1513 Spruce. ■
BERKELEY HOUSES TO LET.
FOR. rent, in desirable location, house of nine
rooms, bath, . laundry and storeroom, with
stable, chicken-house and large yard; con-
venient to trains and university grounds. Ap- j
ply to J. R. LITTLE, Berkeley station. ;
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
RARE chance for hotel man: $5000 to close an
estate; large corner lot with elegant 24-room
house; cost $10,000. M. L. WURTS, Seven-
teenth and Broadway.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oaklnnd.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 97 (50c per
share) of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COM-
PANY will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market St., on and after Mon-
day. October 2. 1599. Transfer books will close
on Tuesday, September 26. 1899, at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Josiah S. Knowles and Anna L. Daniels 35-2.6 ;
I S. T. Gerunovich and Paulina Aichevlch.. .3l-19
Aaron Goldstein and Rosle Isaacs 24-19
James Potter and Elizabeth S. Harbitz — 54-50 |
Myron Folger and Lucy Reid 35-23
August Wilson and Alice Elcholzer 30-21
Frank H. Rohibeck and Lillian M. 800ne..25-27
George F. Womersley and Rose Lawrence. .2l-20
Travy Oatman and Martha Felbu^h 21- IS
Daniel Roberts and Efrie Waltrip 37-1*
Charles J. Larsen and Mamie McCarthy.... 3B 22
John T. Harrlman and Lottie D. LiKhtner.37-21
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and . death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be i
indorsed with the name and residence of per- .
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BENSEN— In this city, September 25, IS9D, to
the wife of Albert Bensen, a son.
WHIGHAM— In this city, September 27, 1539, ;
to the wife of Richard P. Whlcham, a |
daughter. .
DIED.
Bechtel, Marie Harris. James H.
Brown. Susanna Kundlp, Theresa
Corr. James J. Murphy, John J.
Cordes, Anna A. Peterson. Mary
Crosby. Michael J. Rider, Frederick
Demerest, James H. Roesler, Julius
Donovan. M. J. Stack. Richard J.
Floret John Swendsen, Annie M.
Fritz, 'Joseph Tower, Kate
Gilmour. Angus A. Upton. John
Gay, Mrs. Clara B. Williams, Byron K. |
Hannifin, Mary V.
BECHTEL— In this city, September 27, IS3O, j
Marie, beloved wife of the late Max BechteJ, |
a native of France, aged 51 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from her ' late resi-
dence." 1435 Franklin street, between Sutter
and Bush. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery. ..
BROWN— this city. September 27, 18!>9, Su-
sanna widow of the late Richard Bruwn, a
native of Knfdttnd. afred 73 years.
(prServices will be held this day (Fri- 1
day), at 9:15 o'clock, at her late residence, i
1824 Sutter street. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery, Oakland. Please omit flowers.
CORR— this city, Beptember 28, ISC'!*, James
J. Corr, a native of California, aged 42 years.
Interment private.
CORDES- Alameda, September 27, 1599,
Anna A., beloved daughter of Hermann and
the late Rebecca Cordes, and sister of Ed-
ward 3. J.. Louis J. and Ellse R. Cordes, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aced 26 years and 8
days.
[CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, nt the i
family residence, 1332 High street, Alameda:
Interment private, Mountain View Cemetery.
CROSBY— In this city, September 27. iv.'.
Michael J., beloved husband of Mary Crosby, j
dearly beloved father of Ella Crosby, and
stepfather of James, William and Rose
Sweeny, a native of County' Roscommon, Ire-
land, aged 32 years and 9 months.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday) at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 21814 Rltch street, thence to. St. Rose's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery-
DEMERKST— In this city, September 28, 1899,
James H. Demerest. a native of Newport,
R. 1., aged SO years 11 months and 16 days.
DONOVAN— The month's mind requiem high j
mass will be celebrated for the repose of the i
soul of the late M. J. Donovan at St. Cath-
erine's Church, Hanford, this day (Friday),
at 8 o'clock.
FLOREK— In the City and County Hospital.
September 26. 1593. John Flores, a native of
Peru. acred 60 years.
FRITZ— In this city, September 27, 1599, Joseph
Fritz, a native of Germany, aged 4S years.
(C?"Friencls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the undertak-
ing parlors of. Theo. Dierks, .957 Mission
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
GILMOUR— In this city, September 26, 1839, |
Angus Adolphus Ollmour, M. D. C. M., Me- j
Glll University, Montreal, Canada, a native
of Three Rivers, province of Quebec, Canada,
aged 50 years.
t£7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday) at 1:30 o'clock, from B. B. Hall, 121
Eddy street. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
GAY— In Oakland, September 26, 1833, Mrs.
Clara B. Gay, mother of Mrs. Edward E. Os-
born and Eleanor Gay, and daughter of the
late Rev. Elijah Guion, U. S. A., a native of
New York, aged 58 years 9 months and 11 I
days.
(E?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Friday), at 3 o'clock, at St. John's 1
Episcopal Church, corner of Eighth and Grove I
streets, Oakland. Interment Mountain View '
Cemetery.
HANNIFIN— In this city, September 28, ISM. I j
Mary Veronica, beloved daughter of Daniel I
and Bridget Hannifin, a native of San Fran- 1
Cisco, aged 3 months and 7 days. J
HARRIS— In this city, September 28, 1899, ,
James 11. Harris, beloved son of Wlllard and '
Eva Harris, a native of San Francisco, aged ■
4 days. ' ,
KUNDIG— In this city, September 27, 1899, '
Theresa, dearly beloved wife of John Kundlg,
a native of Speler. Bavaria, Germany, aged ,
56 years.
lTJ?'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day • '
(Friday), at 1:45 o'clock, from the parlors of
Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company, 8 ,
and 10 City Hall square, thence to St. Boni- '
face's Church. Golden Gate avenue, near \
Jones street, for services, commencing at 2 {
o'clock. I
MURPHY— Oakland, •■ September 28. 1899,
John J. MurDhy, beloved husband Of Mary
Murphy, father of Thomas and Ellen Mur-
phy brother of James and Michael Murphy
and Mrs. Humphry Gallagher, brother-in-law (
of Thomas Dowd, and nephew of M. F. Don-
leavy a native of the parish of Kllloe,
County I>merfor<l, Ireland, aged 34 years.
Prlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
October 1, at 1:30 o'clock, from his late rest-
dence, 468 Sixth street, thence to the Church I
of the Immaculate Conception, where Rerv- I
ices will be held at 2 o'clock. Interment St. 1
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland. :
PETERSON— In the City and County Hospital,
September 28, 1599, Mary Peterson, a native '
of Germany, aged 43 years. I
HhNRY J. GALLAGHER CO., j
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher), I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS. I
20 Fifth Bt., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 89» .
N. F. Dethlefsen. Chas. H. Jacob. .
CHAS H. JACOB & CO g?TK? H wl £ i
Snook. Funeral Directors and Embalm-
era, 318 Mason street, bet. Geary and '
O'Farrell streets. Telephone Main 5213. j
, M .1, .|,|.|.,, M 111 Bill I ■■WWII 1 I I lIIWHI <
McAVOY dfc CO., ( ,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS.
1235 Market St., between Bth and 9th.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMIJALMERS,
1235 Market St., between Sth and Sth.
Tele]. South 247. ; j
RIDER— In this city, September 2S, 1599, Fred-
erick G., husband of Lewella F. Rider, a na-
tive of London, England, aged 53 years and
6 months. (I^-wiston and Dover, Me., papers
pleaee copy.)
CCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock,, from his late resi-
dence, 1214 Fell street. Interment private.
ROESLER— In this city, September 27. 1839.
Julius Roeslcr, brother of Albert Roesler, a
native of Wurtembert, Germany, aged 50
years 7 months and 14 days. iSan Jose pa-
pers please copy.)
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attpnd the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
Theo. Dlerks, 957 Mission street. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery-
STACK— In this city, September 28. 1599. Rich-
ard J.. beloved husband of Margaret Stack,
and father of Mrs. M. E. Hall. Thomas F.
Stack, Sister M. Alacojrne, O. S. D., and
James J., Margaret G. und Joseph R. Stack,
9. J.. a native of the City of Cork. Ireland,
aged 62 years and 8 months.
[C?*FriendH and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Paturday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 423 Clementina street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a solemn requiem
liifh mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery-
SWENDSEN— In this city, September 26, 1899,
Annie Maria Swendeen, beloved mother of
Hermann Luecke. a native of Bergen, Nor-
way, aged 59 years.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Theo LJlPrks, 957 Mission street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cenlete'ry.
TOWER— In this city, September 28, 1599, Kate,
beloved wife of Nelsen H. Tower, and mother
of Mrs. Fred Bradley, Mrs. Philip Craber and
Emma Mitchell, a native of Hartford, Conn.,
aged CO years.
UPTON— In this city, September 26. 1899, John,
beloved son of thr: late John P. and Mary A.
Upton, and brother of Edward P., Vcrnon,
Thomas B. and Eliza Upton and Mrs. D. M.
B.^kee and Mrs. P. P. Holn, a native of Sa-
lem. Mass., Ffjed GO years 9 months and 15
days. A member of Lincoln Post No. 1, G.
A. R.
(n^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), nt 2 o'clock, from his late residence,
733 Pine street. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
WILLIAMS- -In Oakland, September 27, 1599,
Byron X.. beloved son of Thomas A. and
Addle A. Williams, a native of San Fran-
cisco, a<i''l 1 years 5 months and 11 days.
(CTFrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, £50 Twenty-second Btreet.
Oakland. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
A Smith. Los Angeles C M Hartley, Vacavlle
J 1' Johnston, Seattle 'S H Chase, San Jose
S Sternberg, N V Mrs S H Chase, S Jose
R.l Malkern, Ixmdon Mlsa !■: J I'hase, S Jose
A Ekman, Orovllle Mrs H T Klngman.Cal
II I>iwden, SactO Baltsell, Redding
W F Beck, NT p H Rorabach. w & s,
A M Seymour, Sacto < Colo
C P Heaton & W, 111 E X Frazer, Sacto
C Heaton, 111 J J Morey, Watsnville
Miss Grace Allen, 111 B J Griffin &w, Cal
M M Cohen & w, 111 G H Anderson, S Jose
R T Pixl-y, 111 R A Blair, Cal
i 1 Jones, Oakland F .1 Solinsky, Cal
J F Byrne, Novato W it Forman, Antloch
A F Pelkey, Novato <i 0 Strong & w,
B 8 Tuttle >v w, Cal W M Lowell, Sacto
,1 Derapsey <*t w, Cal F Bell, Reno
Miss L Faust, AiamdafA A Hall, Qulncy
Miss A Shellhom, Ala W Hill & w, Oakland
O W Doud, Rochester L W Sanborn, Salinas
W It Duffln, Los Ang It Lelong, Sacto
E L McDonough. L A l> Holllster, Courtland
C Ii Hlllingswor,th. CallW H Nichols, Courtlnd
L B Allen, Norwalk T .T Stf-phenson. Cal
B i: Birrime, El l'at^o -\\ s Greer & w, Cal
Mr« .1 B Belshaw, Cal Q F lMtler, Biggs
B A MoKlpish, Los An S H Fulton. Sta Rosa
L G Radulovlch, Ail/..! H Lnughlin. Cal
j F Cowan, Suit Lake I Wlllcox, Chtoo
J P Maiiin, Tucson N W Moody, Fresno
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs R Clover, Wash J 3 DDOley, N V
bra <i F Clover, Wash Mrs G W Peck. S Jose
G R Gunn, Crockett F L Orcutt, Sacto
tin <;-,inn, Crockett 1^ R Sarjgeant, U S N
B McKeown, Plttsburg C J Kinj;, Sacramento
L Dahl, Copenhagen II A Cohen, New York
Lt a Paulen, Copenhgn 0 l» McPhee, Denver
1' Powers, Alameda Miss Ferry, D C
U A Lung. 1' 8 N G Mich
W M Atkinson, D S N D Cushman, Mis S Jose
T B Phelby -'r. Oaklnd A Karnanke, Germany
Mrs Phelby Jr. Oaklnd S Moilerow, Germany
\V S Ingraham, Conn J F Boyd, San Rafael ■
Mrs Ingraham, Conn C P Braslea, San Jose
Q ]' Co per, Pa W A Brewer, S Mateo
H W Keller, La A M Berwick, Llverpl
E S Thompson, N V E C.'-rmaln, L Ang
Mrs Thompson. N V A L Levinsky, Stocktn
J D Lelghton, Mo
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Hughes & w, Oregon O W Ayers, Ogden
W C Qibbfl & w. Or C B Whittam, S Jose
l> Aklii^ Huston Q C Weston, Nevada
J .M Reed, Alaska Mrs W G Sener N V
Mrs M '. . ••!!-, Arizona F Schmitz. Stockton
XV W Ferguson. Lvngn J Baih-y, Illinois
H Van Ness, Manila C J Hpwlpv, Boston
,V C Jenkins, M.mlla li J I>avls & w, Detrt
Ft Anthony, .Manila W V Darwin, Wis
E Lawrt-ii< ■•». Sai id P Stolt & w. Ohio
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
Christopher Dahl to Mngretha Dahl (wife
of C.)i undiviiU-d one-half of lot on XE corner
of Greenwich and Fillmoro streets, N C'J:6 by
E 80; gift.
Eva E. Flshor to George L. Fltx, lot on NE
corner of Thirteenth and Howard streets. N
(, S 147:8V4, W i«: 7; grant.
City and County of San Francisco to Coving
t.iii Johnsoni l"t on NW corner of Fourteenth
anl Howard streets, N 26 by W 75; grant.
Annie M. Oral iHauer) and Richard J. Graf
to Annie and Adolph Mantke, lot on E line
of Guerrero stre.-t, 76 P of Ridley. S 21. E 90,
N 17, W 41, N 4, W SO; Jl".
Clara D. Reed (wife of Samuel B.) to Susan
II F.v.ill (wife of Luther J.), lot on S line
of Broadway, 128 W of Taylor, W 20 by S 60;
no.
California Fruit Sales.
NEW YORK, Sept. 28— Porter Bros. Com
pany's sales of California fruit: Pears—Bart
letts, H 75®2 40 box and $1060135 half box.
Grapes— Tokay, 50c©$l 75 half crate; Muscat,
Assorted, 60c@»l 25; Cornlchon, Sim
1 10; White Tokay, SI. Peaches— Salway, $1 of>
■/I 68 box and $120^125 crate. Eleven cars
BOld.
CHICAGO, Sept. 28.— Porter Bros. Company's
s:iW-< of California fruit: Graces— Tokay, 65c
'. r ? 1 LTj half orates; Tokay cluster. 70@$l 16;
Muscat, 55c@$l 05 half crates; Malvolse, 7'"-;
ted, SI i""'i 25; Moroccos, 70cOH 80; four
ir hand, 90c. PeftW— BartlettS, VO2 20; De Con
gress, fl 2" ''j l •!■".. Plums— lckworth, i'sc half
crate. Quinces. SI :! " box. Peaches- -Salway.
crate and 80@90o box; George's Late, 65c
)><>x. Eight care sold.
LONDON, Sept. 28.— Porter Bros. Company's
sales of California fruit to-day: Pears— Glout
Morceau, 12 it-.-' It half box; Doy dv Cornice,
$1 68@2 04; Eurekas, $1 CS; Catabasse, Jl R2;
Seckels, U 44. Quinces— sl 44 box. Plums—
Coe's Late rt-d. $1 82©1 SO half crate. Prunes-
Silver, Jl 20^1 T'ti half crate.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page 8.
light sales. The- telegram from the pump said:
"Stopped No. 2 elevator yesterday morning.
Permitted water to raise until 4:30 p. m.,
when It was 19 feet below the 1910-foot level
station. Then started No. 1 elevator and ran
It until 7:15 p. m. The water was then 85 feet
below the station. Let the water rise again.
Ran No. 1 elevator at Intervals during the
night four hours. Water is now 23 feet 6
Inches below the 1950-foot level station. Will
commence taking out No. 2 elevator and col
umns for examination."
The Giant Consolidated Powder I Company
has declared a dividend of 50 cents per share,
payable on the 10th of October.
Directors of the Boston and Colorado Smelt
ing Company have declared a quarterly divi
dend of 1% per cent, payable October 2.
Bond Interest will be paid October 2 on the
following bonds:
Coupon. Total.
Oeary Street Railway $2 50 116.773
Hawaiian Commercial 2 75 19.018
Los Angeles Railway 2 50 99,938
Northern Railway of California. 2 50 ill.
Omnibus Cable Railway 3 00 00,000
S F. & S. -T. Railway 250 ir.0.000
S. P. Railway of California 3 00 .017,325
S. P. Branch Railway 3 00 103,990
Total 11,480, 808
Mutual Electric Light has declared a divi
dend of 8' cents, payable October 5.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. Sept. 28—2 p. m.
Bld.Aslt. «ld.A*k !
U S Bonds— Mutual El Co. 16 16»4
4« quar coup..H2V4 — O « L fit H... 49V4 50
is qnar reg.... — — P'»<" Gas Imp. 65 —
la quar new... - 131% Pao LCo 41 41&
3s quar coup.. 108% 100 S F G & E... 66 66M>
Miscellaneous— San Fran 3% 3%
Cal-st Cab C 5.117 — Stocktpn Gas.. 12 —
C C Wat C 8..108 109 Insurance-
Ed L& V 65.. 130 — Film's Fund. 22s —.'
F & Cl Ry 65.114 — Bank Stocks—
Oeary-st R us. — 85 Anglo-Cal .... «5 _
H C & B r.Hs.IO7H — ißank of Cal ..255 — .
L A Ry u5. ...108% — Cal SD & T.. - 98
L A LCo Gs.. »9 — First- Nation!.. — 245
Do gntd 65.. 99 - Lon P & A....12514 —
Do gntd 65.. — 100 Mer Exchange — 16
L A & P R 58.108 104«4 Nev Nat 8k..153 186
Market-st 6s...lii6Va — ■ Savings Banks-
Do Ist M 58.115 — Ger S & L...1650 —
N C'N G R 7s. 112 — ; Hum S & L..1050 1160
NR of ''ill 6a.114 — Mut Say Bk. — 42\4
NR of Cal 63.115% — ■ S F Say U.. 500 — |
Nl'C R R Ba.IQS 108 Say & L So. • — 82y. !
NPC R R r.B.106?; — Sec Say Bk. — 310 ;
X Cal R U up. lll — Union T C 0.1400 1440 i
IGIi & H 55109 — I Street Kailroads—
Oak Trans Os .ill 112 jCallfornia ....121 — J
Ui.i C By fin. ..128 131) Reary 50 —
P&CI Ry 65. 106 — Market-st 63% 63% I
Pk &O Ry 68.115 — | Oak 8 L&H. — 50 I
Powell-st R6P.118 — Presidio 17 — I
Sac El G&Ras — — I 1-owaer—
! F & N P 55.113HU4 I California ....150 165
3 F & S JVSs.II6 116% E Dynamite... RS —
S Ry of Cal 65.105% — I Giant Con Co.. 77% 77Vi
S P of A 65.... — Vigorit 2% 2%
S P C 6s(1905).110% —"i " supar- "
5 P C 68(1906). 112%U4% Hana P C 0.... 14% 15
8P C 65(1912)J21 — Haw C&3Co 96 —
6PCIs eg 65.]02% — Honokaa 8 Co. 35 36
SPBr 6s 125 — Hutch 9 P Co. 80 81
8 V Wat 65.. .11414118 Kllauea 8 Co.. — 28%
I X V Wat 45.. 104 — Makaweli 9 C. 49U —
I B V W 4s(3dm)lol%loHi Onomea 8 Co. 39^ 40
Stktn Gas 65.. — — Paahau 8 Co. 37 37*
Water Stocks— • . | M^<-«-lloneous—
I Contra Costa.. 72% 78% Al Pao A55n..117%117%
I "'-irin County. 50 — Mit '•" v \««ri.. — '""
! Spring Valley.mi^iOlTi Oceanic 8 Co.. — 89
Gas and Electric— Pao A F A.... IK —
Central Gas Co — — Pac C Bor Co, .HO —
i r»M L & P... 8H «HlPar Faint Co. 8% —
I Eqult G L Co. 5% 6%'
Morning 8«Mlon. '
Board—
! . 125 Equitable Gas J *j
I 25 Giant Powder Con, a 80 77 00
25 Giant Powder Con. c 30 77 12%
I 150 Makaweli Sugar Co 49 2 3
10 Market-street Railway 63 26
$10,000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s bonds 115 2o
20 S F Gas and Electric Co, s 30 66 60
Street—
5 Alaska Packers' Association 117 75
20 California-street Railway 121 50
700 Honokaa 35 00
Afternoon Session.
Board— , ;
' 25 Equitable Gas 8 37%
| 15 Equitable Gas 660
i 35 Giant Powder Con, bSO 77 37%
10 Giant Powder Con, b 30 77 50
10 Hana Plantation Co 14 75
! 100 Honokaa S Co 35 00
5 HutchinEon S P Co 30 25
I 50 Makaweli Sugar Co 49 25
$3000 Oakland Gas Bonds 109 00
20 Pacific Coast Borax 142 50
Street— .
350 Honokaa B_Co 35 00
$5000 S F and N P Ry Bonds 113 75
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
1 Morning Session.
Board—
30 Giant Powder 77 00
60 Mutual Electric Co 17 00
60 Makaweli Sugar Co 49 12%
50 Makaweli Sugar Co 49 25
20 Spring Valley Water 10162%
Afternoon Session.
Board—
50 Contra Costa Water 73 12%
100 Equitable Gas •. 5 23
25 Giant Powder 77 12%
20 Giant Powder , 77 25
25 Oakland Gas 49 00
40 Makawell Sugar Co 49 25
150 Vigorit Powder 2 75
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
ZOO Alta 05 100 Ophir 106
200 Caledonia 88 2100 Overman 30
300 Con Cal & Va..l 60 200 Potosl 66
; 160 Con Cal & Va..l 65 200 Sierra Nevada. 71
200 Gould & Curry. 23 100 Union Con 88
300 Mexican 37
Afternoon Session.
200 Alta 05 [ 100 Mexican 36
100 Andes 12 1000 Overman 30
COO Best & Belcher. 40 300 Overman 31
100 Con Cal & Va..l 55 100 Sierra Nevada. 70
100 Gould & Curry. 22
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
800 Alpha 05 16W Overman 31
I 50 Caledonia 88, 200 Overman M
I EO Challenge Con.. 33 800 Overman 28
1200 Con Cal & V.I 52M> 600 Overman 27 !
2<v> Con Cal & V...1 50 200 Sierra Nevada. 71 !
20" Gould & Curry. 22 200 Sierra Nevada. 70 <
J 200 Gould & Curry. 23 10 Standard 335 !
] 500 Justice 09 200 Union Con .TO
! 100 Mexican 37. 200 Union Con 88'
2300 Overman 301
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 26 100 Overman Ti\
600 Best & Belcher. 40 100 Overman 28 I
500 Best & Belcher. 39 600 Overman 29
100 Con Cal & V.I 52' ii 400 Overman 30 !
l^on Con Cal & V...1 55 600 Overman 81
600 Gould & Curry. 23' 500 Overman 32
f.OO Mexican 38 500' Overman 83
60 Ophlr 1051 200 Potosl 65
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, September 28—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 04 o? Justice 08 09 j
1 Alta 04 06 Kentuck 04 03 j
i Andes 12 13 Lady Wash..... 01 02 I
1 Belcher 25 26Mexlcan 37 38
! Host & Belcher. 89 40 Occidental 23 2")
Bullion 04 05 Ophlr 1001 os
Caledonia U H Overman 32 33
I Chollar 41 42 Potoel 51 55
Challenge Con.. 32 35 Savage 27 2S
i Confidence 71 7"< Scorpion 02 —
'■ Con Cal & Va..l 60 155 Seg Belcher 05 06
C 0 Imperial... — 02 Sierra Nevada. 70 71
. CYown Point... 19 20 Silver Hill 02 03
I Con New York. — 03 Standard 320 —
I E Sierra Nev... 02 — Syndicate 05 —
Eureka Con — 60 St Louis 07 —
Exchequer — 03 Union Con 38 40
I Gould & Curry. 22 23 Utah 13 14
i Hale & Norcrs. 30 31 1 Yellow Jacket.. 29 31
; Julia — 03l
Notice to Manners.
PAN FRANCISCO LIGHT VESSELi-CALI
FORNIA.
Office of U. S. Lighthouse Inspector, Twelfth
District, San Francisco, C»J., Sept. 2*. 1899.
Notice is hereby given that the lighthouse
tender Mndmno will be moored this day In the
imsition of light vessel No. 70. about 3V4 miles
outsi.le San Francisco bar, to remain until No.
70 returns to her station, about October 7, 1R99.
The Madrono is painted drab with white up
por works; two masts with black smokestack
between them. At night a fixed white light
will be shown fmrn each masthead. In Hue of
the two flashing white electric lights of No. 70.
During thick and foggy weather the 10-inch
6team whlstlp of the Madrono will be sounded
by hand, giving the same characteristic as No.
70, viz.. blasts of two seconds" duration, sepa
rated by silent intervals of thirteen seconds,
thus:
Silent Silent
Blast. Interval. Blast. Interval.
2 sec. 13 spc. 2 sec. 13 sec.
This notice affects the "List of Lights and
F» X Signals, Paciiic Coast. isy9," pag.^ 12, No.
2<\ and th^ "List of Beacons and Buoys, Pa
cific Coast. 1898," page 17. By order of the
Lighthouse Board.
U. SERRKE. Commander, U. S. N.,
Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse District.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. Navy, Mer
chants'" Exchange, Pan Frnnclsco. Cal.
Notice is hereby given of the following
changes In the aids to navigation of this dis
trirt which affect the "List of Beacons and
Buoyi Pacific Coaat, IS9S," and the "List of
Lights' and Fog Signals, Pacific Coast, 1899."
Umpq.ua River, Oregon, Inside bar buoy (List
of Bpaeons and Bnors, Pacific Coast, WB, pag,?
40)— a black and white perpendicularly striped
■econd-clasa nun was established September
13 1899 in twelve feet ft water and marks the
main channel inside tRe bar. Umpqua River
Lighthouse. E. S. E. "* E. ; Winchester Head
(NW, tang^t) NE. \K.
Purt Gamble, Wash. Port Gamble beacon
post light (List of Lights and Fog Signals. Pa
cific Coast, 189!*, page 30, after No.
152- Ivist of Beacons and Buoys. Pacific
Coast. 1898, page 68)— On September 23,
1599 a fixed white lantern light was established
Biispended twelve feet above the water from
an arm on a three-pile beacon. In twenty feet
of water, on the port side of the channel at the
entrance to Port Gamble, Washington. Point
Hannon (extreme end), NW. by W. % W. ;
outer end of outer Sawmill Wharf south; tan
gent to Salisbury Point SW. H "W- By order of
the Lighthouse Board.
W. L. FIELD, Commander, L. S. N.,
Lighthouse Inspector.
Office of V. 8- Lighthouse Inspector, Port
land, Or., September 25, 1899.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. 9. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
September 28, 1899.
The time ball on the tower of the new Frrry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c., at noon of the ]20th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. in charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters cccur at
th» city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the hrlght of tide Is the tame at both places.
FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 29.
KOTE; In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
hpo.nil time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, exef-pt when there nre hut
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE
TO SAIL.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, September 25.
Stmr Mackinaw, Littlefleld, 85 hours from I
Tacoina.
Stmr Cleone, Higglns, 19 hours from Albion, i
with schr Dewey In tow.
Stmr Curacao, Yon Helms, 10 days from
Guaymas, via Ensenada 48 hours.
Stmr Coos Bay. Gielow, 84 hours from New
port and way ports.
Stmr San Pedro, Zaddart ,40 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Newburg, Ha/isen, 44 hours from Port
Los Angeles.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 20 hours from Monterey,
etc.
U S stmr Richard Rush, Cushlnjr, 11 days
from Dutch Harbor.
i Br etmr Mclntyre, 85 hours from Departure
\ Bay.
Ship Louis Walsh, Gammons, 10 days from |
; Tacoma.
Fr bark Europe, Muller, 153 days from Swan- I
. sea. m
Bktn Quickstep, Hansen, 7 days from Grays
Harbor.
Bktn Monitor, Turloff. 48 hours from Eureka.
Bchr Dewey, Schmaling, 19 hours from Al- I
i bion, In tow stmr Cleone.
Schr Ralph J Long, Islgkeit, 20 hours from
I Albion.
! Schr Corinthian, Korth, 16 hours from Bowens
Landing.
■ Schr Del Norte, Jacobsen, 9 days from Rogue
River.
Schr John A, Nielsen, 72 hours from Eureka, j
CLEARED.
Thursday, September 23.
Stmr Colon, Mackinnon, Panama, etc; Pacific
Mail S S Co.
: Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria; Oregon Rail-
I road and Nay Co.
Stmr Coos, Bay, Glelow, San Pedro; Good
! all, Perkins & Co.
SAILED.
Thursday, September 28.
Stmr Bonlta, Buchard. Moss Landing.
Stmr Willamette, Hansen, Vancouver.
Stmr Colon, Mackinnon, Panama, etc.
Stmr Umatllla, Cousins, Victoria and Pugret
Sound ports.
Stmr Sequoia, Thwing, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Newburg, Hansen. Grays Harbor.
Haw Btmr San Mateo, Fletcher, Nanaimo.
Br ship Earl of Dunmore, Kay. London,
i Bark May Edward, Hansen, Honolulu.
Schr Ida Schnauer, Sorenson, Grays Harbor.
Schr Queen, Frederickson, Port Gamble.
Schr Jennie Thelin. Olsen. Coos Bay.
Br ship Inveramsay. Cromble, Queenstown.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Sept 2S, 10 p Weather
foggy; wind NW: velocity 20 miles.
MEMORANDUM.
Per U S ptmr Richard Rush, from Dutch
Harbor, at San Francisco Sept Left In port |
1 Br stmr Port Albert, from Tacoma, for Ma- t
! nila: stmr Portland, to sail same day from St
Michael; U S etmr Thetis, to sail for San
Francisco Sept 1.6
MISCELLANEOUS.
PORT HARFORD, Sept 28— The derelict log
raft was towed into this port this morning in-
I tact.
j The lighthouse tender Madrono his taken the
position of Lightship 70 while the latter is
away from the station for repairs.
SPOKEN.
Sept 26, lat 2S N, lon 20 W— Br ship Inver- i
lochy, from Swansea, for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
A— Arrived Sept 23— Schr Sadie, from
San Pedro.
PORT TOWXSEND— Sept 28— Bark |
Agate, from St Michael; bktn J M GriffHliß, j
from Taku.
SOUTH BEND— Sent Schr North
Bend, for San Francisco.
TACOMA — Arrived Sept 27— Stmr Walla
Walla, hence Sept 23; stmr Cottage City, from
Seattle, for Dyea.
Sailed Sept 27— Bark Gatherer, for San Fran
cisco. DIEGO-Salled Sept 27— U S stmr Bad-
SAN DIEGO-Sailed Sept 27— U S itmr Bad- j
ger, for San Francisco.
NEWPORT— SaiIed Sept 2S— Schr Halcyon,
tar Eureka,
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept 2S— Stmr Miami, hnc
Sept 24: stmr Progreso, hence Sept 25; U S stmr •
Hugh McCullich, from Dutch Harber.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Sept 28— Bark Hes- i
per. from Port Blakeley.
EUREKA— Sept 28— Stmr Pomona, for :
San Francisco; schr Eclipse, for San Francisco. :
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed Sept 28— Br
! bark Forfarshlre, for Oregon.
COOS Arrived SeDt 28— Stmr Arcata,
hence Sept 26.
Barbound Sept Stmr Empire.
FORT BRAGG — Sailed Sept 28— Stmr Noyo,
for San Francisco.
Arrived Sept 28 — Schr Barbara Hernster,
hence Sept 26.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 27— Stmr Advance,
from Colon.
Sailed Sept 27— Stmr Allianca, for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA— Sept 28— stmr Gaelic,
for San Francisco, via Honolulu.
SDYNEY— SaiIed Sept 27— Br stmr Moana, for
San Francisco. '
HULL— Arrived Sept Ital ship Catherlna
Accaine. hence May 6.
FALMOUTH— SaiIed Sept 2S— Ship Howard D
Troop, for Barrow.
Arrived Sti't 28— ship Yarana, from Ore
-8< COLON— To sail Sept 27— Stmr Finance, for
HONGKONG— SaiIed Sept — Br Btmr Em
press of Janan, for Vancouver.
YOKOHAMA — Sailed Sept 27 — Jap stmr
America Mam, for San Francisco.
BAIXBOAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via S«u*lM» Parry.
Commencing September 1. 1899.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO, •8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a, m.;
•1:46, 8:20, 4:00, 0:15, *6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Hundavs, at U:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «B:OO, *9:W. nO:00, U:00, 11 :M
a m. ; 1:00, •1:45, '2:30. »4:00, 5:30, 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Raf'l Sundays.
6-30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WKEK DAYS— S:26. *6:40. 7:55, 8:40. »10:»
a m ; 12:30, 2:15. '3:40. 4:35. 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS <m Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturday r at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS-; -7:00. •9:45. »10:45. 11:45
a. m.; 1:00. 2:20, »3:30. »5:15, •6:00, 7:00, 10:lS
p. m.
Trains marked (•> run to San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCir-JO
WEEK DAYS-5:45. 6:50. 7:55, 8:55, 10-3S
a. m.: 12:35. 2:45. 4:55, E:2O p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00, 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. io:00, 11:10 a. m.; 12:05,
1:20. 2:40, 3:55. 5:30, 6:30. 10:20 p. m.
THROTTGi: TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:20 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
8:Oo a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Sundays — Pt. Reyes and way sta'ns.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco, via Sausallto Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY, April 23, 1899.
WEEK DAYS, 9:30 a. m,, and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday, Wednesday and Satur-
day at 6:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
ing, arriving in San Francisco at 11:20
p. m.
SUNDAYS, 8, 9, 10 and U a. m. and 1:45. 2:3»
and 4 p. m.
Fare S. F. to Summit and Return. $1 40.
THOS. COOK & SON, A&ts.. «21 Market st
BAZLBOAD TBAVEL.
tmxmastat pacific CMPAKt* -
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
train* Icutc ami nrn due to nrrlve At
SAN riUX<'INC«. .
- (Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
lbate — Fbom August 3, 1839. — ahsit«
7:OOa Benlda, Eulsun snd Sacramento.... Bi4Sp
7>ooa MarjSTille, Orovuleand Bedding via
Woodland , 0:4 3
7iooa Elmira, Vacartlle and Rumsey 8:30*
7i3Oa Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo. Napa,
Calistoga and Banta Rosa 6:15r
8:©0 a Atlautio Express, Ogdeu and East.. 9i43a
•lilOA Sau Jose. Livermore, .Stockton,
lone, Bacramento, Flacenille, "
MarysTllle, Chlco, lted Bluff 4l:lHp
BiBot •Milton, Oakd&leand Sonora 4>l3p
Bi3oa Yoaemite Valley Tia Oakdale and
Chinese 4:15p
•iOOa Haywards, Niles tind Way Stations. 11:45 a
BiOOa Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton,
Meroed and Fresno I*tlsp
•i««A Fresno, liakerslieltl Santa lUrbara,
Lcs Angeles, Doming, El Paso,
New Orleans and East 8:4.1
1O:OOa Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations ?:43p
■ 1 :OOa Haywards, Niles and Way Stations. *i4Gp
12I:OOm Kile Livermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota. Haniord, Visftlia,
Porterrille J'"*
•liOOp Sacramento ltirer Steamers ...... •8»00p
8:00p Haywards. Nile* and Way Stations. Os 45*
4iOWp Martinez, Hsu Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, Caliatoga, Santa R05a...... 81IOA
4ioop Benicla. Vacaville, Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing.
MarysvUlo, Oroville 10:45*
4iBop Niles. San Jose and Stockton 7:15p
4i3op Yos'emito Bleeping Car for Raymond 12:13p
••©Op The Owl. Tracy, Fresno, Bakers-
. field, Sangrus for Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles. »i4sa.
3:BOp Stockton. Merced, Fresno 12:10*
pillOp Martinez, Tracy, Mendcta, Fresno,
Mojave end J.ob Angeles 8t494
oiBOr Santa Fe Route, Atlantis Kipre»s
forMolaTe and Ka5t......... »i43p
v;00r Chicago-Ban Francisco Special. Ogdeu
and Kant. ...... .........; «r«Op
6t»Op Haywards, Niles and San Jose 7<4ha
•QtOOp Vallejo 18il8»
}7iO>ep Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
* tions.. J»j3s*
otO9p Oregon Sacramento, Marys-
Title. Redding:, Portland, l'uget
Bound and Kast »llSlk
COAST DIVISION (Narrow Ciangn).
(Foot of Market Street.) — ■ •
B |TfMA Banta Cruz Excursion for Santa
Crua and Principal Way Station! JBiO3*
StlßAlfawark.CentervillcßanJoee.FeltoD,
Boulder Greek, Santa Cruz and Way ■
Stations ■ 5:3«»
•OUSp Newark, Centerville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Crua and Principal War
Stations Mwjflt*
4tl*p Ban Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions. 9i2OA
Mil»P*elton, Santa Cruz and Way SU<
tions /9ta<U
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
ft» SIR r R.RCISCO— foot or Haikit Street (SUp B>—
•7:16 9:00 11:00 a. M. 11:30 /*3:03 |3:C3
•4:00 15:00 •6.03 p.m.
frtmOllUHD— Feal •rßro»dw»j.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00*. v.
112:00 «l:00 12:00 «3:00 ti:QO «B:QQp.M.
" COAST DIVISION (Broad flange). r
(Third and Townsend St 9.) -_
•«ilOa Ocean View, South Ban Frauclfco.. *0:30p
*7iOOa San Jose and Way Stations (New
Aluiaden Wednesdays only) »S:OOa
f TiSOa Sunday Excursion for Santa Cruz,
PaciHo Grove and Principal Way
Btations JS:33»
•(••a San Joso, Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz,
Pacilio Grove. Paso ftobles. Ban
Luis Oliispo. Surf, Lompoo and
Principal Wny Nations 4:10p
l#i 10a San Jose and Way Btations... 0:83 a
■ liSOa Ban Jose and Way Stations littOy
*S:43p San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San Joae,
Hollister, Hunta Cruz. Salinas.
Monterey and PaciUo Grore »10:3bA
<B:3Op Han Jose, Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove
and Principal Way Stations »7:30p
•4:13p San Josoaud Principal Way Stations I): 15a.
*3:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations *&:35A
s::iop San Jose and Principal Way Stations '»:MOa
6:: top San Jose and Way Stations 3::jop
f11:43p San Josaand Way Stations t":3Op
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
•Sunday excepted. 1 Sunday only. r Saturday only.
bSaturday and Sunday. /Sunday and Monday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Perry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:J<)
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAY?- 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. 12:45,
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:65 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40, 5:05,
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen, Park
same schedule as above.
Leave | i Arrive
San Francisco. ! In Effect \ San Francisco.
1 April 16, 1 —
Week I * Sun- 1!>99. Sun- I Week
Days. days. Destination, j days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am | 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 ami Petaluma, j 6:05 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Itosa. 7:35 pmj 6:20 pm
Fulton,
7:80 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg;
Lytton,
Geyserville,
8:30 pm 5:00 am Gloverdale, 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 1 Hopland and 10:25 am
3:30 pm 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
j 8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm 1
3:30 pm: | j 6:20 pm
7:80 am 8:00 am.! Sonoma 10:40 am 40 am
and |
6:10 pm 5:00 pmj Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 110:40 am 10:25 am
3:30 pm; 5:08 pm I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at. Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skagga /'■
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs, Soda- Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno.
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's,
Bucknell's, Sanhedrin • Heights, Hullville,
Booneville, Phllo, Christine, Soda Springs.
Navarre, Whltesboro, Albion, Little River.
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
Westport, Usal, Willltt?. Cum-
mlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On. Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bids. -
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERT DAT IN THE TEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE"
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE '
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:30 P. M.
DINING-ROOMS ARE MANAGED BT Kit.
FRED HARVEY. AITD ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL, SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
RATES.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE, 62S .
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE MAIN 153 L
OAKLAND OFFICE, HIS Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE. 201 J Street.
SAN JOSE OFFICE, 7 W. Santa Clara st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIB
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 8, IS I .'!*, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. North-bound.
Paßsen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
* ger Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
Daily. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Dally.
I _
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pm 6:00 pm
8:10 am 2:05 pm . Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am 5:35 pm Fresno j 9:30 am 2:42 pm
11:13 am 7:45 pm| Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pm
2-2.'> pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:00 am 11:00 am
11:69 am 6:25 pm Visalla 6:40 am 1:22 pm
12:15 pm| 6:53 pm| Tulare 5:50 am 1:05 pm '
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connection*
Inquire at Traffic Department, 321 Market at..
San Francisco.
§Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
flU»rWff <?!!£» KKARSY ST. Established
J^f^^^^ft in 1854 for the treatment of Private
ly Ik KB? Disease*. Lost Manhood. Debility or . '
disease wearing on bodyandmlndand
Skin Diseast-s. The doctorcures when
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
HB*' nr Har: » *'**' < *- Callorwrlte.
Or. j. *. uIBBON'. Box 1957, 3an Francisco.
1112
REPUBLICAN DELEGATES
ASSEMBLE IN CAUCUS
Asa R. Wells for Auditor,
Louis Feusier for Treasurer.
Selection of Nominee for Mayor Referred
to the Convention— Long List of
Names for Supervisorial Ticket,
NOMINATIONS.
Auditor Asa R. Wells
Treasurer Louis Feusier
DELEGATES to the Republican
nominating convention who were
chosen at the recent primary elec
tion, under the auspices of the Cen
tral Republican League, caucused at
15'nal H'rith Hall last night. The session
vas animated but not disorderly. The
caucus furnished one surprise for the
politicians. I. J. Truman was turned
•down for Treasurer, and Louis Feusler
of the firm of Martin, Feusier & Co., com
mission merchants, nominated. It was
yhlsjiered in several of the delegations
that Mr. Truman was too close to the
bosses to merit the confidence of the con
vention. The caucus nominee. Mr.
FeuFler, is well known in commercial
circles of this city. He has been actively
engaged in business hero for thirty-five
"years.
.Delegates to the caucus assembled
"leisurely at the hall. Many of them
loitered outside on Eddy street to listen
to the pursuaJsive music of the candidates
•■until after the hour appointed for pro
ceedings to begin.
■ A hoi fight seemed imminent when
Delegate Hillman moved for the ad
• mission of nine delegates of the Thirty
t-Ighth District, who had pledged al
. legiance to the principles of the Central
Republican League, and promised to
abide by the will of the caucus. Resist
"ance was offered to the motion on the
, ground that such admission would open
' the d.or henceforth to boss delegates.
'the new converts were admitted, how
, ever, and hailed with applause. The
i resolution admitted only nine, but the
.recruits came in eleven strong. Another
skirmish took place when the methods of
.. • ADVERTISEMENTS.
SIX IPS
Body Covered with Humor. Legs
Down to Knees a Solid Scab.
Five Doctors and Medical Col-
lege Could not Cure. Father
spent ONE THOUSAND DOLLARS
Trying to get Him Cured. Old
Friend Suggested CUTICURA.
Sleep and Rest on First Appli-
cation. Now Completely Cured.
My son, when lie was six weeks old, had a
breaking out on the top of hi.; head. It spread
ell over bin head, and then his arms broke out
from ehou!der to wri?t. Around his body aDd
around his legs from his knees to his ankles, was
a solid 6cab. My family doctor trented him for
eighteen month*, but no good wns accomplished.
I tried four more, and then a medical college in
R. Louie my months. No good yet. Spent not
- less than a thousand dollars in money and time.
Old Mr. Baruey Clap Insisted on my trylDg CCTI-
CURA remedies, telling me ho had a (pull like my
child's himself. By the time my wife had used
the Clticuiia (ointment) up, ho began to im-
prove and got m ho could sleep short nape, and
■ gave mo and wifn eotiio rcot. Thank the Lord, he
}9 well now, fat. hearty, aad stout as any boy,
tftcr six long years of Itching, crying, and wor-
. rying. COTICCKA remedies cured him.
Bept. 14/98. \V. M. MICHELL, Lexington, Okl.
CUTICURA
Begins with the Blood and Ends with
The Skin and Scalp.
That is to say It ; rlflet Hie. blood and clrcn-
li.tlnrf fluids of Humor GKOlia, ami thus removes
tins luae, while warm baths with Cuticu ra Soap,
aid eentie anointings with Cuticura (ointment),
■ greatest of emollient akin cure*, cleanse the ifcln
:ind scalp of i rtuta and M!»len, all« 7 itching, tmrn-
' ins, anil inflammation, soothe aod heal. Tliuriurv
frwedily, permanently, and economically cured
th'r most torturing, dlsflunrlnpf humors of mo
n'iln, scalp, and blood, witli loss of hair, wlirq the
t ■■.- 1 physicians and all <»i!:prremedl'iBfßll.
Sold tlirochout the world. I'onzn Dr.oo Am> CI?KK.
Coup., Props., Doiton. "All A boat liuby'a Stla," free.
Hlflin! CO l'Kt vtrrrtD »in CcBi-j ur
riLv!rP-Cs* crT"-r"«». ><>\p.
Land Scrip
And
Land Warrants
Of All Kinds
For the Location of
Government
And
State Lands
Both Surveyed
And Uimurveycd.
F. A. HYDE,
410 JttcntlLoiaary St., 6an Fr«ncl*ca
ascertaining tlie merits of supervisorial
candidates came up for discussion. The
debate discli - I the fact that the talkers
are legion. The result of all the talk was
the authorization of a committee to in
vestigate the record of ci adldates.
The names ut tn< following proposed
candidates for Supervisors were presented
to the caucus:
M. S. JefrVrs. J. P. L*> Count. William
Watson, Martin Jones, George Shaw,
Henry Burfeind, C. M. Depew, Charles
M. K;u>r> Ht-nrv Georsra. .Tames E. Field.
Edward Tucker, Charles Fisher, James
Bomers, Frank J. Bymmes, Major Charles
Boxton, Charles J. King, Alfred Bouvier,
D. L. FarnsTvorth; E. A. Self ridge, George
E. Dow, John H. Gray, George R. San
derson, John Middleton, Nathan Bibo,
Leon Sloss, Warren D. Clark, C. S.
Wright, Captain M. K. Roberts Jr., D. C.
M. Goodsell, George A. itutz, George D.
Clark, Adam Beck, Andrew Mcelroy,
Charles Fisher, Joseph Hymans and Jo
seph Britton. Other names will be pre
sented to-day.
The caucus selected a committee of the
following delegates to consider the merits
or' the proposed candidates:
Thirtieth. H. B. Russ; Thlrty-nrst. B.
L. Nolan; Thirty-fourth. J. K. C. Hobbs;
Thirty-fifth, Robert Husband; Thirty
sixth, J. B. Mahoney: Thirty-seventh, T.
V. Maxwell; Thirty-eighth, R. Mitchell;
Thirty-ninth, L. Gibbons; Fortieth
Charles L. Field; Forty-first, Wallace
Bradford; Forty-second, W. D. Keys ton;
Forty-third. Dr. J. Lefner.
The committee will meet at the Grand
Hotel headquarters at 5 o'clock this after
noon. It is understood that several mer
chants who are widely known and whose
names are not embraced In the foregoing
list will be presented to the committee to
day. ■'■■■ ■.•■•
The selection of a candidate for Mayor
will not be made until the convention as
sembles. The acceptance of the nomina
tion by Horace Davis is no longer doubt
ed. The Indications are that John Lack
mann will be nominated by the caucus
to-night for Sheriff. Albert Heyer Is
likely to receive the Indorsement for As
sessor. Dr. Perrault is strongly advocated
for Public Administrator and his success
Is predicted. W. A- Deane, it Is said, will |
gel the caucus indorsement for County
Clerk. A. P. Black seems to be leading
for District Attorney.
Chairman Sheldon <';. Kellogg called the
caucus to order. John K. Hillman of the
Thirty-fifth District then arose and stated
that In the Thirty-eighth District there
were nine delegates who had signified
their intention of joining the movement
and had appeared before the Central or
ganization since the election and were j
desirous of entering the caucus, and if I
admitted they were willing to pledge!
themselves to abide by the decision of
the caucus. He therefore moved that H.
D. As. her. D. B. Faktor, Max Goldberg
A. G. Hagcxlorn, G. Pohlman, Frank
Rpbb I. Schwartz. George Tantau and F.
\\ . Thompson be admitted.
The motion met strong opposition from i
Chairman Bradford of the Forty-first Din-'
trict, who stated that it was establishing i
a precedent that would be followed by
himself the following night, as he had two
delegations who were also anxious to join '
the caucus. Delegate Sargent Joined him
in his struggle to have them kept out In
the cold. The matter brought on an in
finite amount of talk, and In the end the
delegation was invited in. It was then
discovered by Chairman Kellogg that
there were eleven men in the delegation I
and this was easily explained by the
mover of the motion. A series of mo
tions, amendments, points of order and
points of information followed in quick
succession, and had to be disposed of be
fore the delegates could swear allegiance
to the caucus. This having been con
cluded, Smith renewed his offer of a reso
lution, which passed through a perfect
avalanche of discussion before it was ac
cepted by those present. it was to the
effect that a committee, consisting of one
delegate from each district,, be appointed
by the chairman to agree on an order of
business. The matter having at last been
settled, the chairman appointed Louis
Freltsch, B. L. Nolan, Ralph L. Hathorn
F. W. Warren. Charles G. Nagle, Benja
min A. Curtaz, R. Mitchell, D. L. Farns
worth, A. S. Hubbard, Montgomery
BaggS, H. C. Schaertzer and M. H. Rob
erts Jr.
Shortly afterward a recess was taken
to allow Ihe committee time to deliberate,
and on reconvening Colonel A. S. Hub
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1899.
AN EMINENT CRITIC TO
VISIT HERE SHORTLY
HOWARD MAI/XJIVI TICKNOR.
M. A., an eminent literary and
dramatic critic of Boston, will ar-
rive in this city on October 10,
nnrl four days later will be the guest of
honor at a reception to be tendered
him by the Channinp Auxiliary. His
arrival Is looked forward to In literary
circles, as he is possessed of marked
ability in tho lecture field. On the
evening of October 19 he will lecture
in a down-town hall on Edmond
Rostand and his writings wlta origi
nal translations from the plays which
have been presented only In Paris; and
from "Cyrano de Bergerac," as acted
from his own transcript version.
Miss Jenne M. Long, a reader who
has won praise from eminent critics.
and who Is now in charge of the
School of Oratory of the Pacific
Coast Conservatory of Music, will as
sist him.
Mr. Ticknor was born In Boston. ■
He is a son of William D. Tlcknor.H
under of the publishing house. nndH
cousin of George Ticknor, historian ofH
Spanish literature. On graduatingH
from Harvard, In- entered the Ipumm.tsM
of Ticknor cV Fields, and soon bocaineß
assistant editor of the Atlantic. withM
James Russell Lowell as chief. Afterß
spending a year In London on imt-ln.'.ssß
for the firm lie returned to thisH
country and edited Our Young: Folks.
On retiring- from business Mr. Tieknorß
went abroad and remained there forH
ten years, chiefly In Italy, where he de-H
voted much time to study and to con-^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^|
sular service. Immediately on his return to the United States he was ap
pointed instructor of elocution at Harvard, and subsequently was a member
of the Brown faculty for several years. He now devotes himself to private
teaching and special writing. He has always been engaged in the critical
departments of journalism, having held editorial staff appointments on the
Boston Advertiser, Globe and Courier. Mr. Ticknor also corresponded from
Italy for the London Graphic and represented the New York Times at the
opening of the Suez canal.
Within the last three years he hap begun the de-livery of his "L,ecture-
Readings," the novelty and the interest of which established them at once
In the favor of both literary and fashionable audiences, untying as tli<>- do
the arts of the essayist and the reader. One of the first subjects illustrated
waa Tennyson's ".Maud." prepared for the exclusive Saturday Morning club
of Boston, and since followed by other themes, to which many of the most
distinguished audiences of the East have listened with approval. Last winter
the great Institute of Arts and Sciences of Brooklyn engaged a course of
five, which were received with such enthusiasm that Immediately upon their
conclusion an invitation waa extended for a series of six, to be given during
the next season.
jr -5- y y >y —^ 'c-' — r v —^ t T T v
bard, chairman of the committee, read a I
report in which the committee respect
fully recommended that the order of busi
ness be as follows; that th« nomination of
Mayor be laid over for the convention to
deliberate on, and that the presentation
of names of candidates for the following
offlci b be received and acted upon in the
following order: Supervisors, Auditor,
Treasurer, Assessor, Tax Collector. Re
corder, City Attorney, District Attorney,
Public Administrator, County Clerk,
Sheriff. Coroner, four Police Judges; that
nominating speeches be limited to live
minutes and that $10 be assessed to each
candidate;
The report was adopted.
Delegate Smith was of the opinion that
the nomination of Supervisors should be
1 left until the Mayor had been nominated.
This brought on more discussion and In
the ■ nd ii was explained to the satis
| faction of all the delegates that no Su
: pervisors were to be selected that even
: ing, but simply the names of prospective
candidates for the office.
Mr. Bradford then moved that the
names submitted be referred to a com
mittee of twelve, to consist of one dele
■ gate from each district. Although the
motion was seconded, it was lost for the
moment in the calling of additional names;
and the general contusion.
During a lull in the proceedings th«»
chairman took occasion to order the sec
retary to read a series of resolutions
which were passed at a mass meeting in
the Twelfth Ward, which were to the ef
fect that as that ward was one of the
I largest in the city and had a tremendous
voting strength, sb: of the eighteen Super
visors chosen come from that ward. Ine
resolution created a deal of laughter ana
was placed on file.
Delegate Elder renewed the motion
made oy Mr. Bradford that a committee
of twelve be appointed to consider the
i names offered fur Supervisor. Delegate
Morehouse of the Thirty-first moved as
an amendment that the names be printed
on tickets, be distributed among the dele
gates and be voted on to-night. The amend
ment brought on a heated debate, in
whichEdmundTauszky.J. K.C. Hobbs, M.
Brandt the mover of the amendment and
others participated, and in the end the
amendment, to have a secret ballot, was
' lost and the first portion of a substitute
motion, to have the names printed, was
C M. Brandt then. moved that each delega- j
tion appoint its own member to serve on
the committee on Supervisors. This was
unanimously agreed on.
The chairman then announced that the
next order of business would be the pre
sentation of candidates for Auditor. Dele
gate Mason placed Asa H. Wells in nom
ination, but neglected to make a nor- ;
inating speech. Mr. Bancroft of the
Forty-first District then offered the name |
of \V G. Doane, a well known merchant
of this city. He eulogized him for his
integrity and honesty and read a petition
signed by well known, business men in
dorsing his nominee. Mr. Hillman sec
onded the nomination of Mr. Doane, and
at the conclusion of his speech the candi
dates were invited to the platform. Mr.
Wells had not been apprised of his right
to be present and did not put in an ap
pearance. Mr. Doane did. however, and
addressed the convention as to his quali
fications.
Chairman Kellogg excused the absence
of Mr. Wells on the ground that he did
not know he would bo invited to appear
before the caucus. Max Goldberg and
Delegate Gibbons also apologized for his
absence. Delegate Harness moved that no
more candidates M Invited to address the
caucus, and his motion prevailed. D. L.
■ Reynolds, fearing that Wells' candidacy
would be injured by his absence, moved
to postpone the voting until th* following
night but the motion was lost. On a vote
being' taken Mr. Wells received 137 and
Mr. Doane 62. Delegate Bradford moved
that the nomination of Mr. Wells be made
unanimous, and after Mr. Hillman had
seconded it. it was carried. A motion to
adjourn was lost, and then the question
of finances was taken up. After some
heated discussion it was decided to tax
each candidate $10 for allowing his name
to be presented to the caucus.
After another motion to adjourn had
been lost nominations for Treasurer were
In order. Charles J. King of the Thirty
ninth District arose and said that he sim
ply desired to say that the gentleman he
wished to put In nomination was Louis
Feusler; that he was worthy to hold such
a high office, having held a similar one
in Nevada with credit to himself; that
he was ii man of honor and deserved to
bo placed on the Republican ticket. E.
A. Denicke in seconding the nomination
said that he was a well-known business
man and that if he was ever put in that
high office his honesty and integrity
I would never bo questioned.
Mr. Hobbs then nominated I. J. Tru
man, the incumbent, and Delegate Jones
I seconded it. A vote was then taken and
1 resulted in Mr. Feusier receiving 109 .and
Mr. Truman 79. Mr. Feusler was then
unanimously chosen as the choice of the
: caucus. An adjournment was taken until
to-night at 8 o'clock In the same hall.
ESTATES OF THE DEAD.
Wills Filed for Probate and Adminis
tration Applied For.
The will of Annie Gerlach, who died
September 23, leaving an estate valued at
$30,000, was tiled for probate yesterday.
Decedent bequeaths $1000 each to the
Children's Hospital, King's Daughters, 1
Old People's Home, San. Francjson Poly
| clynic. Salvation Army, Masonic Willows'
| and Orphans' Home, Home for Incur
ables and the Protestant Episcopal Old
Ladies' Home; $3500 to the Maria Kip
Orphanage and $3000 to the Protestant
! Orphan Asylum. Of the. residue $5000 Is
' devised In trust to Robert Hancock for
! the bc'iieiU of Anna M. Gerlach. an
; adopted- daughter; Jf>oo Is bequeathed to
Mrs. Wills of Irvlng-ton, Cal.; $1000 to
Eliza Lawson of Hindsburg, Vermont,
' and the balance of the estate to Alfred
Needles of Manila and the heirs of George
Gilmore, who reside in Ireland.
The will of Abram Zachert, who died
September 9, was also filed for probate.
Decedent disposes of his estate, which Is
valued at $20,000, among the following
heirs, each to receive one-eighth.
Km.uiuel 13achert, Isaac Bachcrt. Gotz
Bachert, Max Kaehert (children of Caro
line Marks), Sara Aron, Rebecca Maier
and Racha. Strauss.
John McLure has applied for letters of
administration upon the estate of John
McLure, who died September 15, leaving
an estate valued at $33,000.
SCHOOL BOARD
SCANDAL UP TO
DIRECTOR GEDGE
Grand Jury Probing
Bribery Charges.
The Grand Jury has begun its Investiga
tion of the School Board scandal. Its
': yesterday afternoon was devoted
to taking the testimony of some of the
most important witnesses against the ac
cused School Directors, Dr. H. E. Gedge
and J. J. ("onion. Involved in tlie affair
which has called for Grand Jury inquisi
tion is the Supplies Committee of the
Hoard of Education, of which the Direct
ors named and William Kemp are the
members. The accusations are that Gedge
stated to reputable citizens that he had
received $2000 for swinging a profitable
school contract In the direction of the
firm paying the money, and that he had
given $M)u of the amount to his colleague, j
t onion, for "standing in" on the deal. I
Kemp's only connection with the scandal j
is the horrible howl he has made for be-:
Ing overlooked in the division of the
spoils and from tlie fact that none of the
flitting twenties found a resting placo in |
his itching and capacious palm.
The testimony given yesterday puts the j
matter "up to" Gedge. Positive asser- j
tlons were made that he had admitted ]
paying $800 to Cordon for iniluencing the'
tatter's vote. While the evidence was not
quite as strong that he had acknowledged i
receiving (2000, the fact of the $BuO end of!
the transaction stares the accused Direct- !
or squarely in the face. He can not get
away from it. It Is "up to him" to ex-!
plain to the Grand Jury where he got that :
|800, for what purpose it was given him l
and why hv passed it over to Conlon. il>
has supplied from his own lips the mate
rial which suggests these queries. There !
can be no squirming or evading the issue: I
Wh.ic did that money come from?
Who paid it to < ledge?
Why was it paid to him?
Why did he turn It over to Conlon?
District Attorney Murphy was in con
sultation with the jury in connection with !
the case for some time before the wit
nesses were called. There was an evident I
determination to probe the scandal to the I
bottom, and from the searching examina
tion of the witnesses there appears to be
a disposition to leave nothing undone that
tends to throw light on the School Board
crookedness.
John I>. Spreckels, proprietor of The
Call, was the first to testify. He said
thai Information of the Gedge affair had
been brought to him by one of the repre
sentatives of his paper. This information
was t.i the effect that Dr. Gedge had
told George Walker that he (Gedge) had
received money for his vote on a school
board contract, and that he had paid $S(X)
of it to Director Conlon for "standing in"
with him. Not wishing to do any one
an Injustice and not desiring to publish
any matter in The Call that was not fully
substantiated. Mr. Spreckels sent for
Walker, who admitted that Gedge had
told him of receiving a certain amount
of money and paying $MH) of it to Conlon.
Walker supplemented his story with the
statement that he had made the same as
sertions to School Director Harry M. Hol
brook. With this information, Mr.
Spreckels testified, he sent for the maji
ager of the paper, told him the story was
correct and instructed him to publish it.
The testimony given by Director Hol
brook corroborated that of Mr. Spreckels.
He hnd a perfect recollection of Mr.
Walker telling him of Gedge's admis
sions.
Grove P. Avers told of a conversation
between himself Walker and Holbrook,
during which Walker remarked that
Gedge was dishonest.
"How do you know that? Why do you
make such an assertion?" asked Ayers.
"Because J have received admissions
from Gedge's own lips," was the startling
reply. Walker then went on to detail the
confessions of Gedge that he had re
ceived i.ribe money and had given $SuO
to (.'onion.
When Walker was called before the
jury he wiggled out of a positive state
ment that (iedge had told him of the $20DO
deal. He denied that Gedge had ever
made such a statement to him, or that
he (Walker) had repeated It to Mr.
Spreckels, Mr. Holbrook and Mr. Ayers.
Walker, however, was frank In admit
ting that Gedge had told him that he
(Gedge) had paid JSOO to Conlon to influ
ence the latter's vote.
Mr. Walker's word is against that of
three reputable citizens as to the $2000
matter, but they all agree on Gedge's
statements concerning the $SOO transac
tion with Conlon.
The Investigation will be continued at
the next session of the Jury.
< i^a/£ 7 zn(t*MMto
Is "nutritive, sedativs, digestive, beneficial at
all seasons of the year. It la prepared 'by the
Anheuser-Busch \Brewlnp Ass ; That fact
alone guarantees Its merit. , . •
A Distressing Accident.
The wife of William Schmidt met with
a distressing accident last night in the
yard in the rear of her residence, 556
Hayes street, the result of which will con
fine her to her bed for some time. Her
son was playing around a chicken coop
and the structure fell on him in such a
way that he could not release himself and
he cried loudly for help. While answer
ing her son's call Mrs. Schmidt slipped
and fell in such a position that her leg
was broken in two places above the
ankle.
Hales.
in handkerchiefs DeweyDay toomc^
See the beautiful _ q department and act
window showing a m^ J j— -fl I_^' Cy ' your picture tak»n°by
miniature copy of the »J Til I t__l _^ • the latest fad in v>.
home of our honored C*- 9* * A %**- A **J • tography— 4 different
hero, in the Vermont , poseS( 30 ' pictures
hills, it is made en- dmj , £ honored in New York to-day as no for 2 5c.
tirely of handkerchiefs xne '"* , , , u«r,«r_^ l^^fnro Ue>re* tn
from our big stock. American hero has been honored before, here, to
commemorate the day, we ask you to accept a . .
"~ , little souvenir-a thin-blown glass, etched J*^J l Jl »«
extra good vaues with the portrai t of Admiral Dewey. there are 4000 is home and safe .
rule to-day ; the store VVILM L " . . u«+,.,«_ rt Q r\'n\r>rlc am
is full of good goods. of them, to be given away between 9 0 clock a. m.
and 12 m. so come early. -:
iron-frame stockings I cloak department ! cushion comfort
nun iidiiie &Luo«.ingo r- kp s we bousht a Bmall IJne of m3r
the manufacturor caJled these iron- lo dozen "^ «» - flnish> velvet facture r's samplps of head rest!
frame word that would express any collar and ! silk lined throughout; 30 ! chair cushions, 100 in the lot; prlcZ,
other word that would express their coH £r and Ellk ned each : qual]ty &nd &nd
strength quite so well; they are a Inches long . • ■> lackets they ought to sell quickly; we hav^
stocking built for wear; one you can 24 ladles tan covert cloth Jackets JJf^g^ for earl Q y mornin/tra^
get your moneys worth out of. f , ull w ta i lO J^SlfVon\- an excellent i 50 assorted head rests and cushions,
children's extra heavy black cotton double-breasted front '. . .f^STS I 15c each
hose, hard twisted elastic cotton; nar- \auie loi •••••• J"""" "j it ta ff eta silk 50 assorted head rests and cushions.
row ribbed; extra double knees, soles 36 lad es extra quanty anew b " C B
and heels; for boys and girls; sizes underskirts, with <fX ""^00^;
6to 10 150 pair. 81.05 dozen corded; comes in all the latest colors.
0 Lies' fleeced lined ' black cotton an excellent value for $.».<)<> each neW neck dreSS
ladies" fleeced lined black cotton an t excel ent v U GW RGCK QTeSS
hose In winter weight; double heels, hl ™' 1 i n lJ. v double * texture mack- i the newest things are just in: an-
soles and toes; sizes 8% to 10._5c pair Wack and^najy of a i!!wool Henrietta | other line of black ostrich-feather
ladies' heavy black wool hose; pearl , casnmere . 2 capes; plaid lined, with j boas; really handsome goods and
ribbed; elastic tops; gray merino I velvet collar $4.50 each carefully made; 38 inches to 54 inches
heels and toes; sizes 8% to 10: an ex- >eivei uoimi v - long, from $9 to $22.00 each
cellent value at 125 c pair — nPTI'Q nPpkWPSr black ostrich-feather collarettes in
children', line black cashmere hose ™™ alI f on , s a ,f ,omin S In so sreal varlety - * 1 - 30 «""*»-00 each
i^^s-,_%2 1 "lililiilil notions
.... . good, will have to make way for it; good quality skirt binding: comes In
taSty trimmmgS | here is a lot of four-in-hands, tecks black and all co i ors 3 i_ 2c yard
all-over black beaded and spangled j and bows that have been «£»£*« 360 pieces fancy frilled elastic. %of
net, 27 inches wide, in a great variety Joe and 2 3 c, will be moved out at the ! a yard on a card >? . {c card
of elegant patterns, $1.35 to f tune ot •;• • '.'''■>{''„ ',.., 1500 boxes double dipped hair pins;
#G.OO a yard also a line of men s linen collars, 60 plns to the box 2c box
all-over black spangle and steel SveTiSfsoSe^slSrhUy *mS2; 350 .pieces , mohair braid; %-l nc _
beaded net. 27 inches wide, in new and -tlr^lot going at fa 5 C each wlde : 12 >' ards to a P iece : com es in
fancy designs; $3 to.. .#O.OO a yard entlre lot solng at ° C eaCn all colors 10c piece
towels j this is ribbol ? w f e , bazaar brevities ,k-o
LUVYOia thousands of yards of short-length „._,.,..
40 dozen check glass towels of fine r jbt> O ns, from sto 9 yards in a piece, em oil stoves, -with 4-inch wick. 70c
weave; fringed: they are good enough at half or a little more of the regular 1 2-quart oil can 10c
to carry our guarantee: • price- a yard 5c to 20c j straight soup pot, enameled steel
75c quality, size 14x28. .60c dozen ' I .with cover 35c
$1 00 quality, size 18x36.. 75c dozen X3JLJ@!Lsdffl Tffl m 10-inch cullender, enameled steel. 15c
fall catalog free — the finest J"_^Gn~ 'ZS'ls^*^ Send OUr catalo 2 to y° ur
ever issued on the Pacific ' on ooong^ friends in the country — it will
Coast. 935, 937, 939, 943, 945, save them money.
, J ■ 4- Market Street. + 
SPONOGLE SAYS
THE GOVERNOR
SLANDERED RIM
Agnews Superintend
ent Brings Suit.
Dr. F. M. Spnnogle. latf medical puper
i intendent of the Agnews Insane Asylum,
j is of the opinion that the expression of
| various advi-rse sentiments reflecting on
his character by Henry T. Gage, Gover
nor of California and incidentally chair
man of the Lunacy Commission, have re
| suited in his damage to the extent of $50,
--000. On August 20 last a joint meeting of
! the Lunacy Commission and the Board of
' Managers "of the Agnews Asylum met In
! the Palace Hotel for the purpose of ln
-1 vt-stigating charges of misconduct pre
ferred against Dr. Sponogle. At the con
! elusion of the hearing Governor Gage not
' only concluded that Sponogle was guilty
1 of all offenses attributed to him but in his
i report he penned his opinion that the phy
! slcinn was a murderer, ravisher and
swindler, setting forth various circum
. stances in support of his contentions, isow
i i)r Sponogle is of the opinion that ttv ac
i tion of Governor Gage in thus excoriating
him was tho result of wanton mallctous
i neBS and alleges that his assertions,
. charges and reports were all based on
! falsehood and ure ÜbelOUS to a degree.
Dr Sponogle yesterday tiled suit through
his attorneys, H. V. Morehouse and Henry
E Highton, to recover (60,000 from the
i Governor for his circulation of the libels
i alleged and for costs of suit. Dr. Spono
i gle has also sued an evening paper for
i hiving published the report under the
! headline, printed from three-quarter inch
type "Sponogle a Murderer, Bavtoher and
Swindler." For the publication of this
headline Dr. Spnnoglo demands $20,000
damages, and although he has lost his po
sition he Intends to make those who re
moved him defend themselves for their
action.
ENCOURAGING KINDNESS.
Mrs. Hearst Gives Liberally to Bands
of Mercy Work.
The ladles of the Society fnr the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Animals are hard
at work preparing for the entertainment
to be held in November for the purpose
of raising money to purchase badges for
the youthful memhers of the Bands of
Mercy of the society. More talent of a
superior order thnji can be used has been
volunteered. A number of the ladies are
actively selling tickets and the returns
are cofninj? in satisfactorily. As a sam
ple of the manner in which the public
regards the humane work is a letter re
ceived yesterday by Mrs. Holbrook, presi
dent of the ladies contingent of the or
ganization:
PLEAKANTON, Cal., Sept. 25, 1R99.
Dear Mn». Holbrook: I heartily Indorse th>»
humane work which the society seeks to do
among the young people attending the public
schools of the city. The impressionable age
of childhood is certainly the best time In whlrh
to Instill lessons of forbearance, of consideration
and of mercy toward our helpless dumb ani
mals. I am happy to extend my work for
the sake of aiding this good cauee. Inclosed
please find a check for $I<X). I hope the pro
jected entertainment will prove a great suc
cess but if it should not be successful from
a financial point of view let me know and I
will add $50 to my donation. With best wishes
for the success of all your good work, believe
m«, very sincerely youre,
I'HKBE A. HRARST.
BAD MAN FROM TEXAS.
William J. Hill, a Soldier, Takes
Forcible Possession of a Private
Boarding-House.
William J. Hill, alias William J. Young,
of Company C, Thirty-third Infantry, ap
peared in Judge Mogan's court yesterday
to answer a charge of assault with a
deadly weapon preferred against him by
Mrs. Ann Lane, wife of W. W. I,ane, pro
prietor of a private boarding-house at 50C
Davis street.
Wednesday Hill and another drunken
soldier went into the Lane boarding
house, and Hill asked Mrs. Lane for some
lif|u»»r. She replied that they did not sell
liquor. Hill insisted. a,i« seizing hold of
a chair said with an oath:
"If you don't give me liquor I will kill
you— and you won't be the first woman
1 have killed, either. I'm from Texas, and
I'm a bad man."
Mrs. Lane became thoroughly frightened
and ran. Hill chased her. and struck at
her three times with the chair, but for
tunately missed her. Lane, hearing the
noise, made his appearance and asked
Hill to control himself. Hill chased him
also with the chair and was left in pos
session of the field, his drunken comrade
having fallen asleep on a chair. Lane
blew a police whistle, and Policemen Mc-
Glynn and Donahue responded. Hill re
sisted arrest, and it took two officers and
two citizens to drag him into the patrol
wagon and take him to the police station
It came out In evidence that Hill had
Hales.
visited other places and threatened to
kill everybody in them unless he was
supplied with liquor. The only explana
tion he gave the Judge was that he was
too drunk to know what he was doing.
The Judge ordered a subpena to be is
sued for Captain Shields, In command of
Hill's company, to appear in the court to
day. The charge was reduced to simple
assault, as no blow had been struck, but
the Judge Intimated that Hill would get
the full limit and would not be able to
accompany his regiment to Manila.
"Mr. Lane." said the Judge, "would
have been perfectly justified in shooting
you, as you had no right to force your
way into' his house and attempt to beat
his wife's brains out with a chair. You
may do these things In Texas, but you
can't do them here."
NOW ORGANIZED FOR A
GIGANTIC ENTERPRISE
GREAT PLAN TO STORE FLOOD
WATERS OF CALIFORNIA.
The gigantic movement which has as
its object the storage of the flood waters
of the State is now thoroughly organized,
and no delay will be permitted to Inter
rupt the progress of the enterprise, which
means so much to the prosperity of Cali
fornia. The men who represent various
and Important interests in this city met
last night to complete organization and
to discuss a call and plan for a convention
which will Include the vital interests of
California. AVilliam Thomas presided,
and Cary Friedlander acted as secretary.
It was unanimously decided that the name
of the organization shall be the California
State Association for the Storage of Flood
Waters.
A sub-committee submitted a re £ ort
outlining a call for a convention. This
• all provoked a long discussion and a
final conclusion on the part of the associ
ation to send the report back to the com
mittee for reconsideration. The general
opinion seemed to be that the call should
make little more than an announcement
of a convention to be held in this city, and
that with It but independent of it should
ho Issued an address outlining some of the
suggested plans of the proposed conven
tion and emphasizing the tremendous
value to the State of the storage of flood
waters. W. H. Mills, Dr. Thomas Addison
and F. Barker were appointed a commit
tee on address, and will meet in conjunc
tion with the committee on call next
Wednesday.
Mr. Thomas announced that the Gov
ernor had ignored his letter asking for
co-operation, tiut he added mat he would
try to reach the chief executive in an
other way. Perhaps he had a club In
mind. The association will meet next
Thusrday night.
MATRON'S POST IS
DECLARED VACANT
FRENCH HOSPITAL DISMISSES
ITS HEAD NURSE.
Because th£ French Hospital executive
committee consider that Mrs. Kinney, the
head nurse at the hospital, falls short
as a disciplinarian and lacks discretion,
her post at the hospital was declared va
cant at the committee meeting on Wed
nesday evening.
For some months the committee has
been considering the removal of Mrs.
Kinney, and the decisive action on Wed
nesday evening was the result of much
mature consideration.
As a nurse the committee has naught
but words of commendation to offer In
behalf of the deposed matron. Her of
fense Is an inclination to talk too much,
a tactless and outspoken preference for
some committeemen and an expressed dis
taste for others. Then the committee
also claims that Mrs. Kinney, whilp hav
ing the respect and admiration of her
nurses, did not exert a proper authority
over them, a lack of discipline that has
been most harmful to the hospital's wel
fare.
There was much heated discussion at
the meeting before the necessary vote
declaring tho position vacant was se
cured. No successor to Mrs. Kinney has
yet been named, and the committee hopes
to fill the position with some capable local
woman.
STRIKES BUTLER CAUGHT.
Francis Butler, one of the Coeur d'Alsne
miners who Jumped his bonds and es
caped, was recaptured yesterday by
United States Marshal Shine, and will be,
taken back to Idaho for trial.
The complaint prepared by Assistant
United States Attorney Banning charges
that on April 28, 1899. in Shoshone County
Idaho. Butler conspired with Edward
Boyle, Dennis O Rouke and others un
known to obstruct the passage of the
mails, and with that Intent, sidetracked
a railway car and obstructed the United
•States mail.
United States Marshal Shine was ad
vised to be on the lookout for Butler and
he succeeded ytsterday In locating the
fugitive in the City and County Hospital
SPECIAL DAYS AT THE FAIR.
Friday. September 20— Sacred Heart Col
lege, Uirkln and Eddy streets; Presenta
tion Convent. Powell and Lombard
streets: St. Peter's School. Florida and
Twenty-fourth streets; Youths' Directory
Nineteenth and Guerrero streets; St.
Hales.
Rose's, Brannan and Fourth streets; Mis
sion Dolores. Sixteenth and Dolors
stretse; St. Charles, Eighteenth and Shot
well streets.
Monday. October 2— St. Joseph's, Tenth
and Howard streets; St. Patrick's School,
Everett street, between Third and Fourth:
St. Vincent's School. Mission street, be
tween Second and Third; Mount St. Jo
seph's Orphan Asylum; Mount St. Jo
seph's Infant Asylum, South San Fran
cisco.
Thursday. October s— St. Ijmatlus Col
lege. Van Ness avenue and Grove street;
Technical School, Geary and Gough
streets.
New Bank in Mexico.
CITT OF MEXICO. Sept. 2S.— All ar
rangements have been made for the open
ing of an American bank in this city Jan
uary i. The concern will have a paid-up
capital of $100,000 in go] L
ADVERTISEMENTS.
" WHAT
DO YOU KNOW ABOUT
OIL?
There are two kinds of Investors In
speculative enterprises. One who in-
vestigates, asks where are your lands?
How much money have you on hand?
How much work has actually been
done? By what title do you hold your
lands, enow your deeds, leases and con-
tracts?
THE OTHER
Just buys, accepting whatever Is said
to him by the seller as truth.
Which Makes the Best Investments ?
We ask you to investigate us, our
books are open to inspection, our deeds
and contracts can be seen.
. Send for our illustrated souvenir, jiv-
ing a history of the oil industry.
AMERICAN OIL AND REFINERY
COMPANY,
ROOMS 322-323 PARROTT BUILDING,
SAN FRANCISCO.
OAKLAND 0FF1CE.... 460 TENTH ST.
Ice=Cream Sets.
Great Left Over Sale
Prices Away Down.
You'll Say So,
"When You See Prices.
Great American Inprtiii Tea Go.
Stores Everywhere*
xoo Stores*
! FINE ~]
I 188 TAILOR-MADE |
i 111 SUITS. j
&> ft: B '••'':: When you pet a suit made I
'") •''_■■•■■'. here you know It is all!
''■%> WWJ<I '■■ wo sp'" l nß<> every Inch of:
yfIKA ; doth and use strong thread-:
•3&! I / V work throughout. :
•■fr' ' I i Get measured for one of:
\T • J I «18.50 All-wool Business !
! ' ''• • I O / Suits, or a pair of All- wool'
{ - >'£ A \ ] h rants for $4.50. i
I % V 'H /^^^TheTdiloj^ j
i ■.■• ; : A :'.'. 1110-1112 Market 5
'■<■'■■ /ft! :',■': St., San Francisco. ■
?-— JL/_K_ ■■• ■'•' 201-203 Montßomery :
r it£&£se3i<'- : ' St.. San Francisco. ;
■$stJXttX-?t : i 1011 Washington St., :
U^m^mm---'- Oakland. :
143 South Spring St., •
Los Angeles. :
_____ ..'
GOLDEN WEST BOTTLING WORKS,
Bottlers of
ANHEUSER-BUSCH BEERS.
Goods delivered to any part of th« city.
Phone. Jassie 1322.