VOLUME LXXXVI- NO. 15.
INSURGENTS
ARE DRIVEN
SOUTHWARD
One Hundred of the Enemy
Killed in the Last
Battle.
Tilt 111 INS IN lI.UOOR
Shells Almost Knock the Town to
Pieces- -The Next F gh'c
to Be at Imus.
♦
?r*c'.al Dispatch f> The '"all.
iv n ANILA, }uv,c 14, 4:4°
MANILA, June 4:4°
p. m. - 1 he i ilipinos re-
IVI treated several miles
southward after yesterday s en
gagement to the strongly forti
fied town of lmus. The shelling
of the American warships drove
the rebels from Bacoor. 1 Jpe
Americans control several more
miles of the coast.
Genera] Lawton, with his staff
and a troop of the Fourth Cav
alry, started to ascertain the na
ture of the insurgents' position.
lie rode hve miles along the
coast to Bacoor without discov
ering the enemy. He found the
town full of white Hags, but
there were no soldiers there. The
women and children who had
lied to tne woods during the
bombardment were camping in
the ruins of their homes. The
•-.■-...■■-■-■ ■ . -
shells had almost knocked the
town to pieces. Ihe big church
was wrecked and many buildings
IT-,
were ruined. Even the trees
and shrubbery were torn as if by
ilstorm.
Several hundred women and
children came into the American
lines tor refuge, and the road
irom Bacoor was covered all
:!av long with processions of
them, on toot and in carts, driv
ing animals and carrying goods
on their heads. The appearance
of the battlefield testified to the
fierceness of yesterday's fighting.
The trees along the river, be
tween the lines, are almost torn
down by bullets. The American
officers estimate that 100 insur
gents were killed and that 300
were wounded during the en
gagement.
The next battle will probably
be fought at lmus.
The American troops will soon
control the coast to Cavite.
TAMMANY'S
RALLY TO SAVE
THE LIKES
Member of the General Com
mittee Sails to Meet Cro
ker at Killarney.
>r" > "ial Dispatch tn The Call.
NEW FORK, June 14.— Tammany's
rank and flip W ere enthusiastic ,, V er the
announcement that the organization
charge of the project to
purchase the Muckross estate and the
lakes of X liarney.
A member of the Tatnmany Hall pen
era! committee will sail on Saturday in
company - th James Boothley Roche,
who holds ai option on the site of the
proposed rreland They will
me*t Mr. Croker. who Is now at Kil
larney. ami . . ., j he detaJta of
th- purchase. Mr. Roche says there
were no ohsta. f Tarn
many acquiring Ur Pn( . hf >
and Mr. Croker. ;) ,, THmmanv
representative will go over the entire
property, and then the Tammany gen
eral rommftteeman will return to this
country with Mr. Croker'a instructions
an to the plan of raising subscriptions
for the ner-essary $130,( to complete
the purchase.
Mr. Roche Is a member of Parliament
for the district that Includes Killarnev
He said to-nipht h<-- had been literally
flooded with cablegrams from a j] ' orts
of organizations and persons <,f all
shades of politics In Ireland expressing
deiiprht at the prospect of the park
scheme.
John F. Carroll declined to say who
would be sent to art with Mr. Croker
The Oelrichs Are Coming
N'KW YORK. June 14.-Herman Oo].
rlrhß. who haj« gone to San Francisco fr>!
thp dimmer, will be Joined there In th<
latter part of September by Mrs. Oel
richs.
The San Francisco Call.
KRUGER WARNED
BY HOLLAND.
SIR ALFRED MILNER, British High Commis
sioner to the Transvaal Government.
LONDON. June 15. — The correspondent of the Daily Telegraph
at The Hague says: The Dutch Government has sent Presi
dent Kruger a remonstrance respecting the disastrous conse
quences that are likely to follow persistence in his present policy.
PRETORIA, June 14.— The Volksraad has resolved to accept Presi
deni Kruger's franchise proposals and refer them to the people before
putting th"in into operation.
President Kruger, In thanking thr* Raad, said: "In these troub
we don'i know what is going to happen."
England, he added, had not made even one little concession, and
tie could not give more. He reminded the Raad f*hat God had always
3tood bj them. War, d, he did not want, but he would n«.t
elinquish anything more.
In conclusion he sailed 'hem all to witness that thnuph thoir indc
>endence had • ■■:••■■■;■ rtt.
The trial of the alleged former British officers who were arrested
Lt Johannesburg on May 16 East, on the charge of high treason, in hav
ng attempted to enroll men with a vie* to a rebellious outbreak,
vhich began here on June 9. termin I I day. The prisonei
STANDARD
OIL MAY BE
REORGANIZED
Trust Winding Up Affairs So
as to Form a New Company
Under New Jersey Laws.
Pp~o!al li'.spatrh to The Call.
NEW YORK. June 14.— Wall street
: was filled yesterday with rumors of a
! dissolution of the Standard Oil Com
pany and the possible formation of ."a
new company under the laws of New
Jersey in which the objectionable feat-'
I ures which resulted in the adverse ac-
I tion of the Ohio courts could be done
; away with. It was reported that $300
in cash and two shares of the new
, stock were to be given for each of the
: outstanding certificates, and hence the
! old issues, it was floured, would be
worth about $500 each. It was said
that a meeting of the trustees will be
1 held to-morrow for the purpose of set
tling the details of the new company.
According to experts, it has been evi
dent for several days that something
has been under way, but the nature of
the deal has been carefully concealed.
An official has. however, admitted that
the trustees have decided to go ahead
and wind up in short order the affairs
of the trust, as heretofore directed by
the Ohio courts.
It is n<nv expected this work will be
done Inside of a few months. This samp
official denied that a new trust is to
be organized In New Jersey or any
othr-r State. The trustees, he said,
have no Intention of pursuing consoli
dation and expansion principles in op
position to publii sentiment. He paid
thru, what is to be done is t>> wind up
th" trust as rapidly as possible. He
also made a statement that the assets
of th r - trust have been about two-thirds
liquidated. If. therefore, the original
value of the certificates outstanding
was $95.ft°". 0(l<1 they would now amount
to. according to this statement, less
than $32,000,W0. When he was asked
about the big extra dividends thai have
been paid at frequent Intervals in ad
dition to the regular 3 per cenl quar
terly dividends, the official Bald these
extra payments represented an actual
division of assets. He declined to make
public the plans of the trusties for
winding up thp affairp ot the trust.
There was a meeting: yesterday to dls
cusa the matter, and an announcement
Is expected to be made public in a cou
ple of days.
PENNSYLVANIA BOURBONS
MEET IN CONVENTION
There Is a Deadlock in the Balloting
for a Judge of the Supreme
Court.
TTTTSBfRG, June 14.- Four hundred
and thirty-five representatives of the £> e^
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, JUNE 15, 1891).
mocracy of Pennsylvania in<-t here to
day for the purpose of nominating can
a for Supreme Court Judge and
. - -;r-r. Shortly after midnight
the convention adjourned until to-mor
: ■■•■ morning without having acconv
plished thr first and :nn.«t complete piece
of work cut out for them, namely, the
•'ii of a candidate for Supreme
Judge. Nearly six hours were consumed
in the preliminary work of the conven
tion and between 6 o'clock and midnight,
with an hour's intermission for Bupper.
the delegates cast eleven fruitless ballots
for a score or more candidates for
high office, the deadlock at midnight be
apparently as firm as it was at 6
o'clock.
When adjournment was had there were
eleven candidates in the field with votes
ranging from 13 to 72, the highest being
it long way off from the 219 neceasan to
select. The determined battle arises from
the fad thai the nominee is sure to he
elected to serve twenty years. At this
writing the tight appears to have nar
■l down to Judge Kennedy of Alle
gheny and Judge Yerkes of Burks. Each
Is "ii the bencn in his respective county.
It is b< lieved that one of these s^ntle
men will be nominated in short order to
morrow-.
The platform ad>jptPd reaffirm? briefly
the Chicago platform and eulogizes
nrv;i!i leadership, hut contends that the
campaign shall he confined to a fight
nsi alleged Republican misrule and
"Quayism." National <"ommitteeman
Cuffey dominated the platform councils
and its various planks are said to be sat
lsfa< tory to him.
James Cadwallader of Philadelphlo
publicly withdraw from thr- eonv< ntlon
when the platform whs roar] Indorsing
Bryan.
CAMP OF UNITED STATES CAVALRY AT WALLACE, IDAHO.
SHOT SICK
WIFE AND
HIMSELF
Earl M. Hanche-tes Double
Crime the Climax of an
Elopement.
GIRL SPOUSE KILLED
But the Miserable Youth, a Son of
"he Missing H. J. HaiichettP,
Hangs to Life by a Thread.
• Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, June 14.— 1n the j
cold, half-light of early morning
to-day, In a South Broadway
lodging-house, was enacted the
final scene of the old. gloomy
tragedy of a marriage that failed.
The husband, a vain, irresponsible,
character boy of twenty, crept
from the side of his sleeping girl wife
and took from 'a ante! a bottle of
chloroform. Behind him lay their baby,
less than a month old, asleep on a sofa
pillow Th, fumes of the drug applied ;
to the pale girl's nostrils deepened her
sleep beyond the possibility of acci
dental awakening. The murderer was
sure of his purpose and drew from be
hind him a shining revolver. The wife
lay on her right side, with her face to
the wall arid her back toward the boy
husband. A shot was fired and the
young w.#man. her night garments
stained with blood and powder marks,
rolled upon her back, spoke once or
twice and died. The baby woke up and
whimpered feebly, its tiny arms beat
ing the air. The murderer walked a
few feet from the bed and placing the
still smoking revolver to his body fired ;
a bullet through his abdomen. He fell j
to the floor, fatally wounded and was
: found, writhing in agony, by the peo
pie that rushed to the scene.
Earl M. Hanehette, aged 20 years,
this morning shot •and instantly killed
his eighteen-year-old wife, Georgie in
room 19 of the Hotel Columbia, where
in poverty they had been living for a
week. The murderer immediately after
ward turned the revolver upon himself.
and in the stomach Inflicted a mortal
wound. The tragedy was the end of
a senseless runaway marriage between
persons incompetent on either side to
care for themselves Individually and
far lews to carry the burdens and re
sponsibilities of matrimony. The wife
—a w«ak. frail little thing— crave birth
a little more than a fortnight ago to a
child. They hail no money except the
small sums given them by relatives.
In these pitiful straits Hanehette
showed a lack of manliness that is in
conceivable, even in a boy husband.
He railed weakly over the embarrass
ments that marital necessities placed
upon his ease-loving nature, and loafing
about their single room, quarreled pet
tishly with the girl he had sworn to |
honor and protect. He made no effort
to find employment, although he made ,
representations to the wife and to her j
nurse that he had secured, through an
: employment firm, a position as book
keeper in Santa Barbara. Hanehette
told them last night that he Intended to
leave for the coast town this morning.
The story of the prospective position
proves untrue. The wife was deeply
unhappy, in her feeble, girlish way, ,
over the failure of her marriage. Her
I mother and sisters, who until recently
lived in Los Angeles, went to .Denver ;
I some weeks ago and Georgie, lying ill
I in bed. was now alone with her nurse,
| her Improvident husband and her little .
; five-pound baby girl and was so weak '
that she could not handle the infant
and needed the constant care of the
attendant night and day.
The small sums of money that the
mother sent her from Denver were ab
stracted by Hanehette and spent upon '
: himself. The sick little wife suffered !
for - the necessaries of life. A week or !
two ago Hanehette received $20 from
his grandmother, who lives in San
Frnncripco. He spent the money for
fine raiment. The situation became un- j
• bearable and the girl's mother, Mrs.
fi. M. Elliott, wrote from Denver that
«»?<■ .vould Bond railway tickets to
•■•"•. ! m» her daughter and Mrt. W. J.
liwtir, her nurse, to go v with the baby
i '■• Colorado, But Hanchetto was not
MINES STARTING UP UNDER
MILITARY RULE.
BULL PEN PRISON AT KELLOGG, IDAHO
In the stockade were confined 321 men charged with blowing up Bunker Hill mil! with dynamite nn April 29.^
1899. The stockade Is guarded by Companies A, F and X, Twenty-fourth United States Infantry, colored, in ramp.^
WALLACE, Idaho, June 14. — Troop L, First Cavalry, goes to Wardner to-day to relieve
part of the Twenty-fourth Infantry there.
The Helena and Frisco mines started up to-day, working- twenty to twenty-five
men. The Standard and Hccla are still practically shut down. The mines at work are running
under the eye? of the military authorities.
to accompany them. Mrs. Elliott said
1 in h( r letter, probably for her son-in
law's benefit, tha! she might secure
: hirr. a position in Denver. Hut it is
I kn..\vn that she desired to break up
the irnhappy liJiJon. The tickets are
now on the way and may soon reach
Los AngeNs.
The girl wife stiil cared in a measure
for the mar. who had wrecked her life,
\ but yesterday said t" a young woman
j friend that she was willing to go; that
she no longer could bear her present
mis- ry. The body of the girl wife lies
: i!i the Morgue and the inquest will be
I held to-morrow afternoon.
Hanehette was taken to the Good
I Samaritan Hospital, where an opera
tion lasting two hours was performed
' by a corps of physicians, who found
i that a bullet of thirty-eight caliber
j perforated the walls of the abdomen
ami thai considerable internal hemor
rhage had resulted. To-night Han
chette is reported resting easy, but life
hane-s on a slender thread.
Hanehette made a dying confession.
I He said he did not wish his mother-in
law to separate his wife from him and
, admitted that he had uttered a num
ber of forged checks. That he did so
is proved by a reporter who inyesti
. gated these statements.
The opinion gains ground that the
true motive was not the fact that his
wife would leave, but that h* feared to
'■■ face the crime of forgery that would
be to-day detected on checks passed
through the clearing-house this morn
i ing.
Th's tragedy recalls the disappear
ance ,of H. J. Hanehette, Karl Han
ch< tte's father, in Chicago in 1891, while
secretary of the Los Angelas Chamber
of Commerce. It has long been one of
the unexplained mysteries of this city.
Perrrtary Hanehette had been working
j faithfully for several months with the
splendid exhibit of the chamber in Chi
cago and had made preparations to re-
Oonttm;p<l nn Parnnd Paere,
OPPOSITION
OF GERMANY
IS REPORTED
But American Delegates Yet
Hope to Maintain Their
Arbitration Plan.
Social Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WEL
LINGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON,
June 14. — Notwithstanding the state-
ment to' the contrary made by Mr.
Holls, secretary of the American dele
gation .to The Hague conference, it is
I authoritatively stated the American
' delegation has reported determined op
j position by Germany to the adoption of
I an arbitration resolution by the confer-
ence.
Considerable regret is felt in official
circles at Germany's attitude, but the
authorities do not ccc what is to be
| gained by concealing the fact, as Mr.
Holls is evidently trying to do. It is
believed that what he meant to say Is
that Germany has not shown any op
position to arbitration in deliberations
jof the committee having arbitration In
charge.
So far ns this Government is con
cerned it has instructed Its delegates
to The Hague to press upon the confer
ence the acceptance of the American
arbitration proposition. The authorities
! have closely examined the several arbi
| tration plans advanced, and while nat-
Ural pride is taken in the American pro
posal it is asserted that in comparing
the merits of each that presented by
Enibassadur White and his associates,
as set forth in The Call .his morning,
is the best. The understanding at the
State Department is that the British
plan will be the basis of discussion
when the arbitration committee sub
mits a report to the. conference. The
American delegates will urge upon the
conference the adoption of the Ameri
can plan in its entirety, because it con
templates a. permanent arbitration tri
bunal, while leaving the powers inter
ested in any dispute the option nf pre
senting their controversy to it for ju
dicial settlement. The United States
would be willing to have changes made
in details connected with the appoint
ment of the tribunal, number of its
members, etc.. but the officials hope
that the general scheme will be
adopted.
THE HAGUE, June 14.— The refusal
"f Great Britain to accept the stipula
tions of the Brussels conference if they
are made definite will not prevent the
other powers from pledging themselves
to action in the matter. There is no
doubt that the Brussels conference sub
committee will reach a practical result,
but it is supposed that some of the
powers, while reserving the right tn ap
ply the new stipulations when neces
sary may not bind themselves forth
with.
OPPOSED TO ANNEXATION.
NEW YORK, June 14.— A cable to the
Sun from Santiago de Cuba says: A vio
lent discussion is being carried on by the
press regarding annexation. The news
papers publish many letters for and
against the proposition.
Further anonymous circulars have been
Issued announcing that there will be an
outbreak here against the American? on
June 24. The circulars cause no alarm.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
FORMATION
OF A CABINET
IS DIFFICULT
So Far M. Poincare Has Not
Been Successful in
His Efforts.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, June 15.—The Figaro
and the Gaulois published a let
ter from the pope to the Arch
bishop of Paris urging the
clergy to take a resolute stand
in favor of the republic and of
order and to work unanimously
for the religion and for the
prosperity of the country.
PARIS, June 14.— M. Poincare is
continuing his efforts to form a Cabi
net, but meets with numerous difficul
ties. He has been especially desirous
of having MM. Bourgeois. Krnntz and
Del ('f.s.^t' in th" Ministry. M. Bour
geois declines to abandon his mission
at The Hague. M. de! < 'mssp declines
to take anything but the Foreign < )fFt<
portfolio, while M. Poincare wants him
at the Ministry of the Interior or the
Ministry of Marine, arid M. Krantz
rajses difficulties concerning the Drey
fus trial, pointing out that ho has dis
cussed the matter with M. t 'asimir-
Perier.
It is understi'uii that several other
prominent men have refused to enter
the Cabinet. These rebuffs are likely
to discourage M. Poincare, who is mod
est and diffident and is Inclined to steer
clear of political troubles.
President Loubet, when informed of
the sentence passed upon Baron de
Christiani for attempting t" assault
him in the Presidential stand on the
Auteuil race course, exclaimed:
"The four years will quickly pass."
This is held to indicate his intention to
exercise clemency.
DREYFUS WILL BE
DISEMBARKED AT BREST
BREST. France. June 14.— 1t has been
definitely determined that <'aptain
Alfred Dreyfus, who left the waters of
French Guiana June 10 on board the
French cruiser Sfax. will disembark
here. The military authorities of this
port have been notified to this effect.
PARIS. June 14.— M. Viguie has gone
to Rennes. where the new court-mar
tial will sit. to arrange for the neces
sary precautions during the trial. A
large force of police and detectives
will be sent thece.
TERRIBLE TREATMENT
AT A PENAL COLONY
Cuban and Filipino Political Prison
ers Mercilessly Thrashed by
Spaniards.
NEW YORK, June 14.- A Sun cable
from Liverpool says: The steamer Niger.
which has just arrived here from .the
west coast; of Africa, reports that only
five of the several hundred Cuban and
Filipino political prisoners who were con
fined in the Spanish penal colony on the
island of Fernando Po are alive now.
The prisoners were treated with incred
ible ferocity. They were herded like
sheep and were mercilessly thrashed with
hippopotamus hide whips for trivial of
fenses. Disease killed. ringen.a - daiiiv2
CHINESE MOURNERS
RUN DOWN A BABE
Race Wildly £Mor)g a Street Driving
Spirits Away From a
h|earse.
V \N«or\KR. R. C, June 14.— Two Chinese, seated in a swaying buggy.
behind a horse thai was tearing like a runaway through the. streets of
Vancouver; one he.-ith.--n hanging to the reins, another grasping the seat
with one hand and with the other burdening the swirling air in the wake of
the flying rig with hundreds of streamers of paper, in blue strips and yel
low strips Chim s by the ynnl this was a sight witnessed by the
police and populae« to-day. A child was in the way of the wild horse. The
b were veiled a 4 l>y a hundred frightened men. "1.0.ik out for the
child!" but the horse tore on straight as an arrow.
Something white whirled under the animal's feet. Then one wheel
bumped just a little, ami the white thing lay still. It was the child, wounded
■ leath. The Chinese dashed ««n down the street, still scattering pray
ers. A largi ■ rowd on bicycleß followed, and two policemen mounted
horses, and, after a long, determined chase, ran down the chinamen In the
■ ■•r\. Their hors< was down In the shafts, and the two Chinese
were panting on the brink of an open crave of a departed companion. When
arrested they explained:
••You put me jail: that all right. Me d" heap good act to dead fliend."
An interpreter explal I thai < how Wang, the dea<l Chinaman, had been
driven to the cemetery l>y mistake before his friends were ready to chase
away devils with paper prayers en route. When Ah Rung and Lew Chow
learned this the hearse had thirty minutes' start, so, hiring a horse and
buggy, they made an attempt t" reach the cemetery before the hearse. They
m»t the h< arse half way to the burial ground, and believe that, as they
traveled exactly the» sami route as the hearse before reaching i*. the pray
ers 'hey scattered along the line of i arch kept all the devils away from Chow
Wang. In attempting to save their friend's soul from the demons, how
ever, they have placed themselves where |hej may have to answer to a
.harge of manslaughter.
IRON MOUNTAIN
STRIKERS QUIET
Idle Men Are in Good
Humor.
Special Plspatrh tr> The <"all
REDDING, June 14.— The streets of this
city are lined with strikers to-night. TV.
saloons. and hotels are filled to overflow-
Ing and yet the crowd is orderly and in
the best of humor. All day long miners
have been flocking hither . from Iron
Mountain and Keswick, and to-night's
stages -were laden with men. A great
many of them have no intention of re
turning to work in any event. Some will
go south on to-night's overland, and oth
ers will go north In the morning to the
Slsson pineries, while a large number are.
going to British Columbia and the Repub
lic gold, fields in Washington.
Yesterday afternoon the Mountain. Cop
per Company sent a special train from
the smelt < to the mine and brought
away ninety strikers. To-day another
special train was dispatched to the mine
and returned with a larg.' crowd.
Sheriff Behrens. Under Sheriff Richard
son, Constable Eldridge, Marshal Fisher,
and ex-Marshal Eckels, who returned
from th.- scene of the strike late last
night, report an orderly state of affairs at
the mines. The Sheriff swore in eight
deputies to look after the company's prop
erty. There are now but a few men left
at the mine— only those who have fami
lies—and ere is no occasion for appre
hension that trouble will be precipitated.
There is as yet not th. slightest indica
tion of a favorable termination of the
\ report i? current here, that two men
who returned to work yesterday were dis
charged to-dav-not that the •Company
was prejudiced against them, but that
their services at this time wouM he use
less , a all work at the mine with the ex
ceptton of that of the carpenter crew is
FUPpended. The company has so far made
no attempt to replace strikers The
■melting department; as Keswick .^not
concerned in the strike, nor .>sit y e a l:
fects! by the shut-down of tile mine. It
Is claimed" in behalf of the company that
r,O OM tors of ore are now undergoing the
calcining" process, "or enough to keep, the
" Smelters running continuously for several
months Should the strike be prolonged.
■however it will be disastrous to business
interests, particularly should the smelting
department become involved.
SOLDIERS WOUNDED
FIGHTING FILIPINOS
WASHINGTON, June 14.— lienerai uhs
reports the following additional casual
ties: WOUNDED.
WOUNDED.
Thirteenth Infantry— June 9. Company
M. Private Henry Masfelder, thigh
slight.
Fourth Cavalry— June .10, Company I
Private William Riardan, leg, moderate
Ninth Infantry— Company C. Private
A. F. Porte»engr. shoulder, slight; Com
pany B, Deforest Hutchinson, head, se
vere.. ."•.-■' - . ■
Twenty-first' Infantry— Company C
Private Thomas Multer, arm, slight.
First Colorado Company ■M, Private
Joseph P. Kearns; leg. slight; June 11
Private pdgar Pate, knee, severe.
BELGIAN COMPANY TO
DEVELOP THE PHILIPPINES
BRUSSELS, June 14.— in my interview
for the Herald With M. Andre, the Bel
gian Consul General at Manila, six weeks
ago. I pave M. Andre's views that no
capital should be invested in the Philip
pines unless some colonial state, suclr as
that on the Congo were, formed. I have
since heard that enough Belgian capital
ists have been found to take the lead in the
expected company for the development of
the isles. The company was formed this
afternoon with a capital of three million
francs. The board of directors Includes
M. Helot, Burgomaster; Xanour de Broc
<iueviiir- and M. Thieupoat. members of
the' Belgian Chamber, and M. Andre* him
«.-elf. BHSHB
Coffee
If it's
Good Coffee
you want —
Try
Great American Importing Tea Co's
Have xoo Stores —
That's "Why
Quality so Good
Prices so Reasonable
STORES t
861 Market St., opp. Powell. Central Store.
140 Sixth St. 705 Lark-in St-
-2610 Mission St. 1419 Polk St.-
-8006 Sixteenth St. 1819 Dcvisadcro St.
146 Ninth St. . , 521 Montgomery a y.
855 Hayes St. 218 ihirdM.
2732 24th St- 3285 Mission St.
2008 Fillmore St. 506 Kearny St.
52 Market Street.. ....Headquarters.
OAKLAND STORKS:
los3WoshinstonSt. 1185 23d Avc. .
123 7 Broadway. 616 E. Twelfth St.
, . 1510 Seventh St. - ; .
ALAMEDA-1353 Park St. _ '.
BAH KAFA£JL— B St.. Fourth.
INSECT INVADES
FIELDS OF GRAIN
Is Believed to Be the
Hessian Fly.
Pp<fia! Dispatch to Th« Call.
SALINAS. June 14.— Ranchers in this.
section believe the much dreaded Hessian
fly has made Inroads into the wheat fields
of Monterey County. Duncan McKinnon
says he has discovered the pest, not only
on his own place but on adjoining farms.
Mr. McKinnon. who has hundreds of
acres of fine wheat and hariey. yesterday
brought to this city specimens of what
he believes to be larvae of the Hessian
fly. He finds the larvae at the joints of
wheat stalks. Th.- weakened stalks,
into by the insect, are broken by
the wind.
If it bo the genuine Hessian fly it is the j
first appearance of that pest in Califor- j
nia, so far as known. The description of I
the Hessian fly tits the specimens exhib- I
ited by Mr. McKinnon. They have be.'ii !
sent to an entomologist for examination. \
Whatever the insect Is, it is proving a i
plague to the wheat crops of this com- j
munity. J. Gardner examined the speci- !
mens tQ-day and asserts that they art:
the Hessian fly.
"1 am sure that the Hessian fly Is in :
my wheat," said Duncan McKinnon to
day. "I have 7"i acres in wheat, and I
find that every acre is affected My crop i
was tin.-. It would have made about fit
teen sacks to the acre, but now if I can j
get hay I will be satisfied. Up to three I
days ago I thought I would harvest a i
fine wheat crop. On- Tuesday I discbv- !
ered the insect pest, 1 had noticed for i
several days that my grain in spots was '
l ? lP ■in)? ton rapidly. Going: into the!
field I found the grain in these particular
rspots had broken down. Naturally 1 ;
searched where the stalks had broken "and i
discovered the larvae. Since then I have ■
been searching diligently through all the ':
Other grain, but find that the pest has not ;
touched the barley, oats or other cereals. ;
When I had fluished with my crops I j
went over to adjoining ranches and dis- j
covered the pest there, too."
The female Hessian fly lays twenty or
thirty eggs in a crease of a leaf of the
growing wheat, and the larvae when j
hatched work their way between the leaf
and the stalk till they come to a joint,
a little below the surface, where they
suck the sap. They turn to pupae, en
closed in a covering; this is known as the I
•flaxseed" condition. The injury occa
sioned is not detected until the plant
grows higher. The usual result of the at
tack is that only shriveled heads of »rain
are formed.
MYRTLE STAKES
FOR MERRY PRINCE
Fast Race Won in a Drive, With
Continental Finishing
Third.
NEW YORK, June 14.— Continental was !
a hot favorite for the Myrtle stakes at
Gravesend to-day, and was the fourth fa- ;
vorite to go down, for the best he could !
do was third. He set a hot pace, at the j
start, but at the last furlong Merry
i Prince came with a rush and won. Re
! . suits:
Six furlongs— Gaze won. Rhlnelander second,
Pwlftmas third. Time, 1:14';.
One and an eighth miles— lmp won Pirate
second. Warrenton third. Time. 1:63%.
; Five and a half furlong*— Gulden won Trip
i Corinthian second. Creeper third. Time 1-OSVi.
Myrtle Hakes, one and a sixteenth miles, fell- I
ing-Merry Prince won. Charentus second, Con
tinental third. Time, 1:4«H '
I Five furlongs-Mark Cheek won, Hanaborough
second, Eileen Daly third. Time 103
I Selling, one and a sixteenth miles-Peat won
Holden second, Ed Tlpton third. Time, 1:4!»V4!
CINCINNATI, June 14.— George Kratz
; ran the fastest six and a half furlongs
j of the meeting to-day In the handicap,
| covering the distance in 1:21. The racing
: I was exciting throughout. J. C. Milan
' bought Full Dress from J. D. Smith for
$400 Just before the last race, which Full
Dress won very handily. Weather cloudy.
Results:
Six furlongs— Malaise won, Xorma Taylor
! second. Cringe third. Time, 1:18.
Five furlongs— Villa V won, Oleka second
If<abinda third. Time, 1:02*4. '
One mile. selling-Periwig won, Olah II uec
■ ; ond. Donation third. Time, 1:42.
f-lx and a half furlongs, handicap— George
Kratz won. The Lady in Blue BeC ond, Guide
: Rock third. Time, 1:21.
Five furlongs— Lew Kraft won, Barney F sec
ond. Burl. third. - Time. 1:03%.
j Six furlongs. selling-Full Dress won, April's
Lady second. The Sluggard third. Time, 1:15%
ST. LOUIS, June 14.— Track fast. Re
sults:
; Maiden two-year-old fillies, five furlongs—
May Tavl« won. Annie Palmer necond, Ttz-
nlr.a third. Time, 1:04.
Four-year-olds and upward, six furlongs—
Harrle Floyd won. Aunt Mary second, Mound
■ City third. Time, 1:15.
Three-year-olds, one mile— Rafaello ' won
, Fontalnobleau second. Imp. Mint Sauce third
| Time, 1:43%. .
Three-year-oMs and upward, one mile and
a sixteenth^-Ofrie xi won. Rebel Jack second
Lady Callahan third. Time. I:4SH. '
, hr ar * oll3H an<l upward, six furlonKS—
> Tulla ;^° n8 ° won - Kensington second. Banish
third. Time, 1:14%.
Four^-ear-olds and upward, six, furlonjss—
Wiggins won, Chiffon second, Belirunch third.
' Time," 1:15.
CHICAGO. June 14.— Weather at Haw-
I thorne fair; track- good. Results:
Mile— Mallakwa won. Ostra second, Martha
Fox third. .Time, 1:43V4.
Plx furlong?, two-year-olds, selling— Indian
won. Onoto second, Olive Order third. Time,
, ; i.ir.v
Mile and an eighth— Devil won. Rifle
j second, Al Fresco third. Time, 1:55%.
' Short course steeplechase— Chenier won. Jack
Hayes second, Del Corona,do third. Time,
' j 3:41.
Seven . furlongs— Theresa H won. Defender
II second, Vaseline third. ' Time, 1:29%.
Seven furlongs, selling— The Dauphin won,
Isan second, Charmante third. Time. 1:28%.
Swelling the Census.
WOODLAND. June 14.— The wife of
Judge C. P. Summors of Caoheville g-ave
birth yesterday morning to triplets— two
daughters and a son. The babies are
strong and healthy and promise to live,
but the condition of Mrs. Summers ia re
ported to be very serious.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 15, 1599.
AGREE ON TERMS
FOR THE MATCH
Jeffries and Sharkey
Eager to Meet.
INTERPOSING NO BARRIERS
THEIR MANAGERS TO CONFER
ON SATURDAY.
New Champion Determined to Give
All Ambitious Aspirants a
Chance to Win the
Honors.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. June 14.— Everything now
points to a match between James Jeffrie's
and Thomas Bharkey for' the. heavy
weight championship of- the world. 'Wil
liam .A. Brady, Jeffries' manager, and
Thomas O'Rourke,' the adviser of the
sailor pugilist, will have a meeting on
Saturday, and. there is little doubt that
the managers will come to an understand
ing with regard to a match.
Some of the conditions made by Jef
fries in his original challenge to Sharkey
and to which O'Rourke objected on behalf
of the sailor will likely be modified.
Brady said to-day Jeffries would- waive
the side bet of $10,000, owing to the fact
that a Bide wager was considered illegal.
O'Rourke. at first objected to George Slier
of Chicago as referee, but he has decided
to waive his objections to Siler and will
accept the Chicago sporting writer as the
referee of the contest.
Brady intimated that theatrical ar
rangements would be a secondary con
sideration with the new champion. The
big fellow is anxious to fight all comers,
and they will be given consideration in
due time.
Sharkey will be given the first chance,
because Jeffries feels none too kindly dis
posed toward the sailor on account of the
latter's utterances in regard to their fight
In San Francisco. ••>
Still another aspirant to heavy-weight
honors is shaking his money at Jeffries.
He is Mike Morrissey. a Tipperary giant,
who Is soon to meet Peter Maher at the
I.enox Athletic Club. Morrissey's man
ager "P. J. Dwyer, has deposited $2riflo with
George Considine to bind a match with
JeJtrlts. Should the Irishman dispose of
Maher in good shape he might.be able to
force a meeting between the champion
and himself, but if he falls an easy prey
to Maher's science, as the general public
expects, he will receive scant notice from
Jeffries.
CLOSE GAMES IN
NATIONAL LEAGUE
Boston Defeats New York and Cin
cinnati Wins a Ten-Inning
Contest.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
dubs— W. L. Pet. Clubs— XV. I. Pet.
Brooklyn .. .87 !2 .755 Cincinnati ..23 24 .488
Boston" . 33 15 .688 Pittsburg ...22 - ■■ .468
Philadelphia 28 19 .596 New Y. Rfc ..22 27 .449 j
St Louis ....2S -■ .583 Washington l. 33 .340
Baltimore ...2.S 10 .>.? Louisville ...14 35 .286
Chicago 2S 21 .571 Cleveland ... 8 3. .178
NEW YORK, June 14 The Bostons won the
concluding game of the series by a narrow
marnln Errors and bad Judgment lost the
»am» for the New Forks. KlUen, with the
exception of two Innings, was invincible. At
tendance, 1000. Score:
Clubs- R- H. E.
New York 4 * *
Boston » 9 3
Batteries— Meekln and Warner; Kiii«-n and
Bergen Umpires — Lynch and Connolly.
CHICAGO, June 14.— For seven . Innings to
day's game was a pretty pitchers' battle.
neither side getting more than an occasional
hit. A clean steal sandwiched In between two
hits gave Chicago a run in the eighth, then
their battery became entangled, a passed ball
in the ninth olacine a man on third and a
wild Ditch In the tenth doinc the same, and
both men scored on long outfield flies. Attend
ance, -" 00. Score:
Clubs- n H E
Chicago I 2 3
Cincinnati 2 6 1
Batteries— Taylor and Chance; Phillips and
Vaughn. Umpires— Swart wood and Warner.
LOUISVILLE, June 14.— Powell had the
Colonels guessing to-day and they were shut
out. Rain stopped the game during the seventh
inning. Attendance, 250. Score:
Clubs- R - H. E
Louisville 0 6 1
St. Louis 2.5 0
Batteries— Phlllppi and Kittredge; Powell and
i Crlger. Umpires— Emslle and McDonald.
CLEVELAND. June 14.— home team was
never In the game with Plttsburg to-day. The
visitors batted both pitchers as they pleased.
Attendance, 100. Score:
Clubs— -*• H - E .
Cleveland \ « \
Plttsburg 16 . 1S l
Batteries— Bates and Schreckongost;
; Tannehlll and Howerman. Umpire— Gaftney.
WASHINGTON, June 14.— Baltimore won a
! Blow but a sure game by hitting Dineen and
Baker consecutively. NODS was hit often, but
: kept the safe drives separated. Attendance,
i ISOO. Score:
Clubs- f *■ E j
Washington 5 it ■ 1
Baltimore BUS
Batteries— Dlneen, Baker and McGulre: Nops
and Crlsham. Pmplrea^-O'Day and McGarr.
JOCKEY BURNS THROWN
OUT OF JUDGES' STAND
DENVER. Colo., June 14.-At Overland
Park favorites won every race but the
last In which Oldham, a 20 to 1 shot, came
in an easy winner. The favorite was
Lochness, who took second place.
Enclno was left at the post in this race,
whereupon Jockey Burns, who was riding
him climbed Into the stand and attacked
Starter Updegraff viciously. • He was
thrown out of the stand by Judge Fred
Mulholland, the California horseman, and
later was ruled off the track Results: .
Trotting— Success won In three straight heats.
Time"2:Tn4. 2:19%, 2:14%. Mowitaa. Oranlte
Nellie Campbell. Evadna. George Dixon and
p£in K -JUe °won a in straight heau Time.
Parlnff- Aelse won In straight heats. Time,
2-12V4 f-13 12 Jennie Me. Bill Nlc. You
Bet, Russle Clay, Ophelia, Schecam and E. S.
Four t an t a (1 a half furlongs-I pon't Know won,
Oman Wood second, Sea Queen third. Time,
.Seven furlongs— Moeorlto won. Bloodhound
MCOpd, Charlotte third. Time. l:29\t.
Five and a half furlongs-Oldham won, Loch
Xess second, I.* Mascota third. Time. 1 as.
Men Needed in the Fields.
WOODLAND, June 14.— The scarcity of
man who will work in the. harvest field
has become a serious problem for the
farmers There have been many inquiries
to-day but there are but few idle men in
the county. There will be much difficul
ty in getting reliable help to harvest the
crops Where heretofore a great many
idle men found their way from San Fran
cisco and other big cities into the country
about harvest time, the farmers this year
have been compelled to rely upon labor
ers who make their homes in the country
the year around.
Employment for Whites.
WOODLAND, June 14.— The rumor that
the fruit crop of the Tolo orchard has
been sold on the trees is not true. Some
canning stock and also some fruit for
Eastern shipment have already been con
tracted for, but the company will handle
the crop and prepare it for shipment.
The report that but little white help
would be needed In the orchard this sea
son seems to be equally unfounded. More
help probably will be needed than ever
before, and where It Is possible to obtain
reliable help It will be given the prefer-
Will Run No Excursions.
WOODLAND, June 14.— The proposed
excursion between Marysville and Wood
land on the Fourth of July has been
abandoned. On account of the great de
mand for cars the railroad company has
decided to run no excursion trains on that
day.
H. O. HAVEMEYER
EXPLAINS CAUSE
OF THE TRUSTS
Says It Is the Government,
Through Tariff Laws, That
Plunders the People.
WASHINGTON, 'June 14.— Henry 0. ,
Havemeyer,' president of the American;
Sugar Kenning Company, was; examined;
by the- Industrial Commission". to-day in
connection with its investigation of trusts.
His .testimony related" almost wholly to:
the sugar industry, and he opened with a
vigorous attack upon the customs tariff,
Which he declared was the "mother of all
trusts," becoming such' by providing '."in
ordinate protection to manufactured arti
cles." . . :
The full text of the statement read by
Mr. tiavemeyer is as follows:
' "The. mother of all trusts is the ■ customs
tariff bill. The existing bill and the preced
ing ones have been the occasion tor the forma
tion of -ill the large trusts, with very few ex
ceptions, inasmuch as they provide for an in
ordinate protection to all' the Interests of the
country — sugar refining excepted. Economic ad
vantages incident to the consolidation of large
Interests In the same line of business are a
great Incentive to their formation, but these ,
bear a very Insignificant proportion to the ad
vantages granted In the way of protection un
der the customs tariff.
"There probably la not an industry that re
quires a protection of more than 10 per cent
ad valorem, and it Is to obtain what is provided
over such' percentage In the tariff that leads
to the formation of what are commonly spoken
of as 'trusts. ' , • . • • ■
"With a protection to an industry not ex- ,
oeedlng 10 per cent, all menace to the com
munity of trusts would cease. This 10 per cent
would represent the difference- in cost of pro
duct lore and likewise act as a protection against
surplus products of foreign countries being
dumped in bur local markets, thereby interfering
with the regular and economic working of our
industries. Any advantage that might then
accrue to such combinations they would be
fully' entitled to and the public would not be
damaged thereby, as any expansion of price
would.be met by foreign competition and re
• i have said that sugar was an exception.
The rat.- of protection on sugar is an eighth
of a cent per pound, which is about 3 1 ,s per
cent ad valorem, and is not the difference in
the cost of refining between this and foreign
countries. The least It should have is 8 per
cent, or in specific figures 1.4 cents per
pound. The sugar refining industry of this
country no matter what form its organisation
is entitled to adequate protection it any in
dustry is." There are at least 100,000 l Pie de
pendent upon it. What It pays or has paid to
Its stockholders in the past represents nothing
more than a fair return to the capital in
vested considering the extent of the business.
••The United States tariff bill, in assessing
about $40 per ton duty on imported sugar,
pays into the pockets of a few* Louis laiians
on their annual crop of 250.000 tons. $.iO,0(K).OuO
to the Hawaiian Islanders, probably represented
hv 150 foreigners, on their annual crop of _-■>•■
000 tons. Sio.fiOO.OOii. say 100.000 tons produced
elsewhere In the United States, $4,000,000. Here
you have 84.000 extracted from the people
of the United States for the sake of getting
the revenue which HO pel ton on foreign sugar
provides. This Is merely illustrative of the
whole tariff every line of it -and its effect upon
the people. In fact the tariff bill clutches the
people by the throat and then Governors and
the Attorney Generals of the Southern Mates
take action, not against the cause, but against
the machinery which the people employ to rifle
1 '"There appears to be In the public mind a
distinction between robbery by an individual
and thai by a corporation. What is com
mendable in an Individual appears to be dis
honest In a corporation. 1 maintain that it is
Immaterial to the public In what form business
is on « whether by an individual, a firm, a
corporation or even the trust. These are mere
ly forms of conducting business, or In other
words, ■ machinery tor the operation Of busi
ness It is the duty of the Government to
see that under the tariff laws they enact this
machinery cannot, In its action, result to the
detriment or impoverishment of the public.
"It would have been very easy and proper
for the Government to have put a correspond
ing internal revenue tax on sugar simul
taneously with the customs duty, and have
these 524000 000 which now go Into the pockets
of a few" individuals, go Into the trwinury for
the benefit of the whole people. If the **-
pend of the Government needed to be provided
for an-1 protection to American Industries was
desired the imposition of 10 per cent ad valor
em or Tall manufactured products would have
settled the matter There is very reason
If revenue is desired, that with t a duty on
raw materials of foreign product, a corre
sponding internal revenue should be » evl *<L°n
such products and the protection of manu
facturers thereof limited to an additional 10
'^YVerefit that all this agitation against
trusts against merely the business <%****%*
employed to take from the public *)» at "£
Government In its tariff laws says It Is Proper
and suitable they should have. It is the Gov
ernment, through He tariff laws Menplun
ders the people, and the trusts, etc.. are merelj
the machinery for doing it.
"The statements made before the committee
in Congress and the speeches against the
sugar refining- company are absolutely devoid
of truth-utterly unworthy of credit. The In
tention of Congress, however, to enact some
n?ng"nto law contrary to what the sugar re
fining industry property required resulted, ir
respective of the great injury and injustice
done in the passage of the existing sugar
schedule. Whether the sugar refining company
ha« been a benefit or Injury to the community
can be best expressed in a table showing the
prices for a considerable period prior to the
formation of the trust and lor a correspond
ln«r d. d ffe r U enc^ U sfnce its formation shows an
advantage to the consumer— note that, con
sumer' - of over one-eighth of a cent per pound
What the sugar company has disbursed in divi
i dends has been not because of any extreme
protection under the tariff, but out of condi
tions perfectly legitimate and commendable.
The record Shows conclusively that no advan
tage has ever been taken by the. company of
any protection in excess of the 8 per cent
Claimed, that is, 1.4 cents per pound, under the
- "Tariff laws should not afford protection ex
ceeding 10 per cent to any industry, so that,
Irrespective of the form of doing business, In
dividual or corporation, the people, that is,
the consumer would be protected. As the tariff
laws are and have been it Is the consumer,
that is the great mass of the people, who has
terribly suffered to the great advantage of the
few of the business community.
"The sugar company undoubtedly tries Its
utmost to enlarge Its business, but does it in
a. way which it considers the only proper one,
that is. by making the price so low as to defy
competition.
"It is my opinion that corporations are under
no obligation whatever to any of the States for
their existence. Quite the reverse; the States
are under obligations to them. If the plants
of the industries consolidated were capable of
being put on wheels and moved from State to
State, you would find very active bidding for
them. It is not an unusual thing for certain*
localities to guarantee free taxation for twenty
years; free water and in some instances, give
the land to corporations to have them organize
under their statutes and locate In their States.
"Hostility to capital meets with its own con
demnation. That is illustrated by the situa
tion in New York. where a discrimination
against capital has prevented its employment
and driven it elsewhere, resulting in a greatly
Increased tax rate and a tendency to Increase
the number of unemployed. •
"All I have to say about trade organizations
and strikes is that, without violence, they are
natural. They have one objection, however,
their tendency to reduce all labor to a low level.
Business is not philanthropy. Capital and labor
will adjust their own relations If they are let
alone. Interference always operates against
one or the other. That means to the disad
vantage of both. There Is no such thing as
monopoly In these days except that which re
sults from patents and copyrights.
"The true ■communism -of pelf is the cus
toms tariff bill. It says to the people: 'Here
is the law we have enacted for your robbery.
T>o not complain of It, but do your utmost to
attack and Injure the machinery engaged In
extracting from you what we legislate shall
be taken from you. Keep up the clatter while
the voters on the tariff bill take advantage of
the noise and enact laws that cause your Im
poverishment and thus contribute to the greed
and avarice of the few.'
"There Is. a prevailing hostility to wealth.
This is perfectly Illogical. Every one wants
money. It is the abuse of money, not Its pos
session, which is opposed to public . Interest.
This hostility ' finds its outlet in hostile legis
lation, "In "unequal and unjust : taxation. All
this is probably unconstitutional. It Is di
rectly against the Interest of the very class—
I mean the poorer class— whom it is supposed
to benefit. " •
"Corporations, whether directly such or In
the form of trusts, are an expedient for unit-
Ing the interest of a large number of per-"
sons of smaller • means. Into a large aggrega
tion of capital. Attack upon them Is. there
fore, an attack upon ■ their stockholders. In
the care of many well-conducted corporations
the stockholders- are very numerous and are
often persons of moderate • means, dependent
upon their Income for their : support. - - .:
"In the absence of all disturbing causes the
direct tendency of a combination of capital is
to promote economy, reduce expenses and ■ di
minish price. This does not mean that a per
son having- anything to pell will not get for
It the largest price that he can. It. means
that with the abundance of capital ready for
investment, which Is always found every
where, the only way to prevent- competition
Is to keep prices below, the competitive • point.
"Great ■■ public Improvements. - ; factories . and
other enterprises requiring large capital either
are Impossible unless through the instrumen
tality -of corporations or " are •; possible only
'•■ AUSTIN,- Tex., June-14.— Attorney
General Smith to-day issued in
structions to Secretary of State
I lardy " that' hereafter no " corpora
tion chartered' under the laws of
New Jersey for the. purpose of do
ing-, business.- in Texas shall be
granted a permit to do business in
this State. Attorney General
Smith bases his action on the
ground that the granting of such
permit is against public policy,
and that it is. for the public good
that such corporations be excluded
from the State.
through the action of Individuals, themselves
possessed of unlimited capital. U Is- easy to
siv what, In the latter case, would happen to
the community.
"One form in which hostile action manifests
Itself is by legislation which is intended to
keep corporations and their products out of
particular States. This legislation in some
States takes the form of bills which permit
citizens to buy goods and with impunity to
refuse to pay for them. This is a premium on
dishonesty. In other States the attempt is to
exclude articles which are of. prime necessity.
If the producer? of such articles were to follow
the lead and to combine to keep their com
modities out of the State it is easy to see
what would result, i. c., either the people
would be compelled to go without or they
Would be forced to pay an inordinate price.
"Trade will always take care of itself If it
is left to pursue ordinary channels. A w^ll
see to it that B does not have any extraordi
nary advantages. It Is only when the State
Interferes a situation is created of which an
advantage can be taken against the interest of
the community.
"In these days there are two forms and only
two forms of monopoly. One, that which re
sults from a patent and copyrights. It if* unl
vi-rsnlly recognized that this la In the Interest,
not against the Interest of the public. The
other, that which comes from . unfair tariff
discrimination.
"Tariff for revenue need not be considered.
The expenses of the Government must of course
be provided for. Tariff for the purpose of
equalizing against foreign bounties or foreign
discrimination does not need to be Justified.
Beyond that there is no excuse for giving to
one industry a protection of ]00 per cent, as
against 4 per cent for another, or any more
than 10 per cent. The result is that the Gov
ernment fleeces the community at large in the
Interest of some favored Industry.
"It must be kept in mind that this is a rich
country, not a poor country. It must be kept
In mind that the object of every one is to make
the country stronger, wealthier, more impor
tant, more influential.
"The hostile action to which I referred, leg
isiaii.'ii against corporations, if followed to its
legitimate results, would make the country less
powerful, Its people less prosperous, and would
lestroy the influence which comes from the
richness of the land and its people.
"Citizens are divided Into two classes—lndus
trious and those who wish to live on th» in
dustry of others, it is they who ar? without
capital, who are hostile to it. This is only
another mode of statin* the obvious proposi
tion tiuit it is tho«-- who are without means
who wish to tm\.- it without work."
-Mr Havemeyer' a statement aroused great
interest, an.l the next three hours were de
••■!• ! to answering questions asked him In
rapid succession by the members of the com-
He made an incidental statement
which the commit tea construed Into an ad
mlssion that the business was not profitable
now The witness confessed that his company
• ry little regard for the welfare of rivals
in business, saying that prestige, ability ex
■ and wealth would win in the 'long
run In the struggle, and tftat trusts were an
example of the survival of tV- fittest in busi
ness.
'That is trade," he said, "and the sooner
you realize it and quit trying to control it by
Federal legislation the better for all. A man
cannot expect 'to have himself continually wet?
nursed by the Government. If men do not want
to buy our stocks, they need not. They don't !
need Government protection. If they wade In
and get stuck let them get out, and if they wish
wade in again. The fate of rival concerns is
their affair, not ours."
He declared that the tariff enabled the steel
rail trust to mulct the public to the extent
of $» per ton, and said incidentally that Mr.
Carnegie had not yet stated what he was going
to do With his money.
On the question of labor Mr. Havemeyer said
the laboring element were forced to form or
ganizations, but that in doing so they sacrificed
much independence and the unions had the
effect of bringing other men down to a low
level. He contended that he was a friend of
labor and said that good men in the employ of
the trust were paid 10 per cent more than they
could get elsewhere.
Mr. Havemeyer said that many things were
done in business which looked cold-blooded and
harsh, but that business conditions often re
quired conduct justifying such characteriza
tion. The farmers, he thought, ought to es
tablish a trust for their protection. He de
clared that his company had not, gone into
a combination with «ny of the Independent re
fineries. Reports that such a consoliAtion had
been effected were untrue.
Replying to a question as to how he could
conduct business at a loss and still declare
dividends Mr. Havemeyer declared, laughingly
te? n 'UtaSr- tlve act and the other a mat:
The witness expressed the opinion that It
would be a good plan to expose the business
books to a Government inspector. He closed
with a protest against what he called the tariff
discriminations against sugar, reiterating that
hUu^V^ness the feeHnS ■•■*»?«•»-
SHOT SICK WIFE
AND HIMSELF
Continued from First Pagp.
turn home, even to checking his bap
gage. He was last seen when starting
for the depot. After that hour no trace
of the missing man. was ever found
He seemed to have dropped from the
face of the earth. The police depart
ment of Chicago made an extensive in
vestigation of the case, but was utterly
baffled. Various theories were ad
vanced about the disappearance, some
contending that he was not murdered,
but for some known reason purposely
disappeared, deserting his family. The
consensus of opinion is that Hanchette
had been made away with by thugs
and his body disposed of by dumping
it into the lake. There were periodical
revivals of the story, brought about by
reports that Hanchette had been seen
in various places. Hanchette had an
honorable career both in Los Angeles
and San Francisco. Before coming to
this city he had been well known as a
newspaper man in San Francisco, and
later, coming to Lob Angeles, became
city editor of the Herald, which posi
tion he filled until elected secretary of
the Chamber of Commerce.
"When Hanchette was secretary of
the Chamber of Commerce he was as
fine a man as there was in town," said
Secretary Wiggins to-night. "The most
generally believed theory in regard to
Hanchette's disappearance is that he
was held up in Chicago and killed.
There was not a suggestion of dishon
esty about the case. His books w*>re
all checked up after he had disappeared
and everything was found to be
straight." ■
Marysville Graduates.
MARYSVN.T,E. June 14.— The com
mencement exercises of the College of
Notre Dame of this city will be held on
Tuesday. June 27. The High School
graduation exercises will take place In
Marysvllle Theater on Friday evening
June 30. There will be a class of thir
teen—five young men and eight young
ladies. ________________
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday,. June U.
Stmr Navarre Hlgglns, 27 hours from Eu
reka.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA— Arrived June 14— Stmr Tillamook,
hence June 12.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed June - 14— Stmr Noyo,
with barge In tow for San Francisco. •
MR. HUNTINGTON
ENTERS PROTEST
Did Not Say Education
Was a Bane.
WRITES TO NEW YORK HERALD
DECLARES CERTAIN HEADLINES
DID HIM AN INJUSTICE.
Draws a Fine Distinction Between
What He Said and What the
Editor Thought He
Meant.
Special Olspatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Jtine 14.— C P. Hunting
ton sends the following to the editor of
the Herald:
Pome one has sent a cUpplng from the Herald
uf May 1"> an the subject of my remarks de
liverei] in San FrancißCO at a dinner given by
myself to the heads of departments of the
Southern Pacific Company. Pica headlines
ijuote me as Faying that '•Education is Amer
ica's Bane." Below this headline, in the body
Df the article, you quote correctly the words
that I said, and they do not at all bear out
thin headline, which certainly does me an in
justice, as I neither said. Intimated nor thought
education was America's bane; and It seems to
me the Herald should not have printed the
headline, or els>e it should not have printed the
words I did actually say, as the latter In no
sense confirm the former.
I should not have noticed it had It not ap
peared in a great daily like the Herald, which,
I feel quite sure, does not desire to put into
any one's mouth a statement whli-h he not only
did not make, but which discredits his com
mon sense. Yours very truly,
C. P. HUNTINGTON.
Here is what Huntfngton said. in the
speech which he admits was correctly
rjuoted in the New York Herald— the Her
ald petting its report from The Call. If the
words he uses do not indicate his belief
that "education is" America's bane," what
do they mean?
I regret one tendency in our country, ad
mit*able as are her institutions. It is almost
heresy to say It, but I do not mind taking the
responsibility, for that Is one of the things I
am used to. I refer to the Increase of the
highnr education for the masses. The Anglo-
Saxun has easily outstripped all his compptl
tors in those things which make for the com
mercial growth and success of nations, be
cause he has been, above all other things, prac
tical. While the preparation for professional
life requires advanced knowledge, it seems to
me that the vast majority of our young people
spend too many of their vigorous years of youth
Inside the schoolroom and not enough in the
practical work of life. The yearn from fifteen
to twenty-one .»rp immensely valuable, for they
are the years of keen observation, individuality
and confidence. In many cases — quite trxi many
—they are spent in cramming the mind with
kii"Wlf>ilp" that la not likely to help a young
man in the work he is best fitted to do. H">w
many young men with college erlucatinriß are
Btandlng about waiting fur something that will
never com.- because the work that lies nearest
ut hand in nnt to their liking? Somehow or
other our schools, which teach young people
how to talk, do not teach them how to live.
People need little, but want much. Strict I
have come to California one-third of my daily
mall Is'made op r.f appeals for help, and they
calls are about equally divided between re
qUests for contributions to help pay off d^hts
and rnortffaee? which should nnt hrtvf been
contracted; applications of y«">ung men out of
w.'rk. which always have my sympathy; and
crips fur succor from the sick and suffering
poor, who nmnt tip cared for. whatever may
be the cause nf rheir sickness or their poverty—
an. l Hi* poor we have always with us. The
■one of farmers are forsaking the fields be
cauM the cities arc more attractive to them.
It seems to me that slowly but surely there
Is growing uj, a ftronprer and stronger 'wall of
caste, with good honpst labor on one sMe and
frivolous gentility on thp other. We seen to he
fast outgrowing those things which when our
fathers lived, were called sterling qualities hut
now are called follies, or work that a gentle
mi: n should not do, as though all honest work
wi»>= nut honorable work. The world has grown
small. When I was a boy it was a very- big
thing.
PLACE FOR MACKENZIE.
SAN JOSE. June 14.— John D. Macken
zie has been recommended for Census
Marshal for this district by Congressman
Loud and he undoubtedly will receive
the place. The information was re
ceived in a letter from Senator Perkins,
who states that at a caucus of the Sena
tors and Congressmen from California,
held in San Francisco about ten days
ago. it was decided to leave the selection
of the Census Marshal to the various
Congressmen, and that Congressman
Loud had recommended Mackenzie.
A week ago the Republican Good Gov
ernment League indorsed R. S. Ammeh
for the place, and wrote to Mr. Loud,
asking him to appoint Ammen. To-day a
letter was received from Loud saying' he
had already made the selection and no
further action could be taken.
HENDERSON'S BODY FOUND.
STOCKTON, June 14.— The body of W.
D. Henderson, the engineer of "the ill
fated catamaran Wave, was discovered
by August EiFle this afternoon floating
in the San Joaquin near the brickyard
district. There was a heax r y scar across
the face, indicating that the* engineer had
been struck by the keeling boat and prob
ably rendered insensible. No trace has
been found of Miss Kalitz's remain?
I , . ' . : ■ I
1 Dr. Mclaughlin's Electric Belt. I
? . This grand -Belt has cured four thousand people In California during the fa
,T past five years. It cures Nervous and Vital Weakness, Rheumatism. Lame i
V Back and Kidney Troubles. It cures, many of the worst forms of Nervous /»
X Debility after all else fails. ¥
1 IT WILL CURE YOU. |
T Stop drugging if it doos not help you, and the money that you would pay +
2- a doctor in one month will buy this famous *Belt. It is worth its weight in . ® '
X gold, for it saturates the weakened body with new life, new vigor, new man- +
® hood. - • - ®
♦ SEND FOR "THREE CLASSES OF MEN." ±
X It is a very valuable treatise on the restoration of strength. It will point, i
(J) out a means by which you can become strong. It is sent sealed, free to any (J)
i address, or can be had on application at the office. >
X Don't put it off. Act to-day in a matter which concerns the happiness not «)
V only of yourself but of your family and friends, of your future. You should -a.V
♦ not delay. Call or address " (^y
I Dr. M. A. McLaughlin, .:««:," B^?^ L£i |
T O y BU.. Los An elei.
V Office Hours— B a. m. to 8:30 p.m.; Sundays. 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUGSTORES. ®
♦ ■■ :■ -■ -.- ■ ,■■■■.■ ■:■■ - • •■ , • .• i <■; ■ :; \;+\i
FRESNO GROWERS
SWING INTO LINE
Pledge Aid to the State
Organization.
SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR STOCK
SUPPORT THE REFRIGERATOR
LINE SCHEME.
Mass Meeting of Orchardists Aroused
to Enthusiasm by the Words of
Executive Committee
Members.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, June 14.— mass meeting of
deciduous fruit growers was held here to
day to arouse enthusiasm in support of
the association recently organized at Sftc
ramento. R. I). Stephens, president of the
executive committee, was present and
with him were the other members of the
committee. Alexander Gordon of this city
was elected chairman after me meeting
had been called to order. Mr. Gordon
called upon R. D. Stephens, who ex
plained the proposed plan of escape from
the clutches of the refrigerator car com-, /
parties. X W
W. E. Levdall of Sacramento read the
proposed articles of incorporation, which
were to the effect that the corporation
was to be for a term of tiff, ears; the
capital stock to be $600,000, and the direc
tors to be nine- in number. The principal
place of business will be Sacramento The,
capital stock being limited, subscribers
will be liable for ojiiy the amount of stock
for which they subscribe.
Edward I. Galvin, treasurer of the as
sociation, cave an interesting talk on th^
necessity of organization. He thought th i
attempt of the organization was the wis
est plan that had ever been placed before
the fruit growers. The situation was crit
ical. Many who would like to join with
other growers and form this organization
could not do so because they were crip
pled — their crops being mortgaged to
f*iit-shipping concerns. .The fruit grow
ers themselves were the capitalists, and
not the shipping concerns nor the Eastern
capitalists. All that was needed was or
ganization. .
The horticultural business of the State
was greater, he said, than that of any
other State, and counted far into the mil
lions and was steadily growing. Consid
ering this, it was foolish to think the
fruit growers could not be independent if
they wished. Mr. Galvin's was a forcible
argument and made a deep impression. .
- Mr. Stephens followed Mr. Galvin. He '
spoke in favor of organization, declaring
that if the association were successful the
rates on green fruit shipments to the
East would be reduced from 50 to 70 per
cent, and that this amount would go di
rectly into the hands of the growers.
After the meeting an opportunity was
given the growers to sign contracts ami
many of them did so. The actual signers
numbered over a dozen and assurances . .
were received from many more. A com- \ '
mittee consisting of F. R. Lindsay. Johm
S. Dore, Frank Rowell, R. R. Madsen
and L. H. Twede was appointed to ar
range for another mass meeting a week
from next Saturday, to work up more
enthusiasm on the subject of organiza
tion. The growers here are heartily in
favor of the plan adopted at Sacramento
and may be depended upon to support the
association. ~r'T ."
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST
WASHINGTON, June 14.— The Navy
Department has awarded the contract for
a repair shop at the Puget Sound Naval
Station, Washington, to W. H. Wickers
ham of San Francisco. The original bid
was $59,999, and was reduced by him to
$55,300.
The Assistant Attorney General has ren
dered a decision that the Secretary of rhe
Interior has no authority to srant tn In
dividuals or corporations the. right to es
tablish a reservoir or construct a ditch
within the limits of Yosemite National
Park or any forest reserve in California
for mining or domestic purposes.
Army orders — By direction of the As
sistant Secretary 'if War, Acting Hospital
Steward James J. Cook, Hospital Corps,
now in this city, will be sent to the Pre
sidio of San Francisco and will report
upon his arrival to the surgeon in charge
of the general hospital at that place for
duty. Private Albert Ewan. Company A,
Twentieth I'nited States Infantry, Manila,
will be discharged the service of the T'nit
ed States by the commanding officer of
his station. . • ■ • ' . •
■ Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— Mat.hew I>aughlin, I
Bodie, $6; Darseng Sandy. San Jose. $fi.
Original widows, etc.— Maria Linn.- Chico, !..■
$S- Hannah M. Miller, Woodland, $12; :
Nancy C. Jones. Golden Gate, $8.-. . ■ ■'.
Washington: Increase— Henry W.'Sai*- .
ret Fremont, $6 to $S; Ensebe- Fournief, -
Sedro $8 to $12: John W. Peel. South
Seattle, 536 to $45; Henry S, Ogden, Cen- ...
tralia, $6 to $8. . ;•"
Little Damage to Crops.
WOODLAND, June 11.— The backbone
of the windstorm seems to be broken and
the damage to grain and fruit crops is
not so heavy as was expected. The
weather is very warm and crops of all
kinds are ripening very fast.CANNON SHOT
SAVES A TOWN
Charge of Salt Destroys
a Waterspout.
IN THE CYCLONE'S PATH
♦
MANY VICTIMS OF THE STORM
IX NEBRASKA.
One Hundred Buildings Destroyed
at Herman and the Survivors
Are Left in a Destitute
Condition.
WICHITA, Kans.. June 14.— A
waterspout yesterday afternoon
would have swept away Hermes-
Bey, i >kla., had not a cannon
loaded with salt been discharged
at forty rods' range into the
whirling black mass. This ir the
third time this spring; that Hen
nessey has been saved from de
struction by the cannon de
vice. John Rhoades, formerly .1
Rough Ridor. Is the inventor. He
brought the appliances to Hen
nessey, where the citizer.3 pur
chased them. The City Council
employs a man to attend to them.
When a waterspout or cyclone
appears on the horizc-n he mounts
his horse and rides to the can
non, placed on the side of the
town from which the storm is
cnminc. The cost to the city is
about $-"0 a month.
OMA H A ■ ■- al to the
Bee fr m Herman. Neb., says:
Tp: d, twenty-five in
vhoni will die and half
• . n very
serious wounds, sums up the list of cas
ualties resulting from the cyclone that
■wrecked this place on Tuesday night.
The .
A. B. H' tPKINS, farmer.
MRS. A. B. HOPKINS
ANDERSON HOPKINS, son of A.
E Hopk
MRS. KELSO PENDER. daughter of
Mrs. I! ipkins, n horn Bhe was,
I ing.
LOCKIS CLAUSON. machinist Mis-
T Valley, injured, died later in
S. RICHARDS, Postmaster, died
tion; nap suffering from a
■ -ihma.
.1 E. HAWKINS, home five miles
>;■ mai killed by light-
THOMAS HINES, plasterer, Blair;
injuries after removal to his
ne.
CHILD of H. M. Davis.
EARL WILSON, son of farmer, four
The severely injured: Carrie Kelson,
I : ler, skull frac
]. will probably die; William An
may die; Mrs.
"William Anderson, skull fractured,
body badly bruised; ex-Governor
■>•■ West, bead and body badJy
Nosier, mother of
Mrs. J. E. Hawkins, five miles north of
Herman, both arms broken, internal in
■ i i" live; Mrs. J. B.
■ - northwest of }\>r
!-iii? broken and badly bruised;
•■ Lenig, farmer, one mile west <>f
Herman, arm broken and body badly
bruised, Injuries may prove fatal; Mrs.
A. Anderson, Herman, head and face
badly cvi ■ ! to be broken, re
ni"\' injuries may prov.>
. Mrs. Louis Wachter, wife of im
of Herman, bruised
badly.
lose of | roperty aggregates $l-"0.
--■ ■:.. | n Ired buildings have been
i x structures remain
™ 't. three on the north and the same
number in t li » • south part of town.
These comprise four residences, the
sehoolhouse and "i" church.
Thi> population are in a pitiable con
dition. Those who l"st their Ik. nits.
and then- are about •">"> "f them, are
ilutely without resources and must
depend on public charity for suste
nance and a chance to begin life over
■in.
The work of relief has already be
gun- Ah. 'in a hundred of the unfortu
- are h'.us>-ii ai Blair. The latter
town to-day raised $-'<<> as a relief fund
and th-- Washington County authorities
;<]■]■• ■ i v"" For th»- same purpose.
Two dci7.>-n tents were s.-nt out from
tr this afternoon and are to-night
ipied by the homeless. The Blair
Firr- Department has been on guard ail
day at the scene of the disaster, k<-. \<
ing depredators away, though there is
• ing I • -f t to steal. Household goods
• T'i pieces in the wild swirl that
obliterated the town.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ffi\ 1 THIS
2. f^t IS
3^^,^^ OF
r «\ import "
/ V j9l \ ANCE
iLI to
y\ YOU.
i £Z~H||J study
Uksk) THE -
I /* r DIAGRAM.
I T CERTAINLY IK OF THE GREATEST
■ Importance to every man or woman who is
predisposed to Heart r>ispaj=«" or who suffers
from other troubles that may terminate in
Heart DiF^aso to know his or her exact condi-
tion. We read of sudden death ii i result of
Heart Itlseatso far too often in our daily papers.
There If a method of preventing organic heart
lesions; there is a method of curing serious
heart lesions.
Comparatively, innocent disorders, such as
stomach trouble or liver trouble, are frequently
the direct cau.«e of Heart Disease. This is due
to the fact, that the same treat system of
nerves that controls the action oi the stomach
controls the action of the heart as well,
The following symptoms are a warning that
Kerlous disease is fastening its hold upon you:
Kreouent lull headaches and dizzy sensations
<Kig. I) Hushing of face upon slight exertion
(XiX t) ciioklng sensations Wig. 3). pain over
)ifHrt or irregular fluttering* of heart (Fig.
4) coldness of extremities (Fig. 5-5). Other
hvmptoms are swelling of ankles or abdomen,
tendency to faint, shortness of breath, weak-
ness and oppressed feeling in chest.
since the discovery of HUDYAN fatalities
trim heart disease have become less frequent.
HL'DYAN strengthens the heart's action.
HUDYAN rebuilds the broken-down heart
"If'vou notice any of the above symptoms by
<i means take HUDYAN. HUDYAN has res-
T. d thousands of sufferers from this dreaded
i thousands of sufferer! from this . i r>-;i -l«-r i
<f ease— it will do as much for you. HUDYAN
«-ures . permanent and lasting.
HUDYAN Is for sale by druggists— a
package or si* packages for $2 50. UI ._ lV . ' x .
If your thucplst does not keep HI Dl AN
send direct tf the HUDYAN REMEDY CO..
corner Stockton, Ellis and Market Streets, San
F you"mav*consult l the HUI>YAN DOC-
«O«fi FBBB of cost. CALL or WRIVE.
BOYS AT MANILA REMEMBERED
GROUP OF LEADING NATIVE DAUGHTERS.
Upper Row: I— Miss I-izzi.- Douglas. 2 .Miss C. K. Wittenmeyer. 3— Mrs. Georgie Ryan. 4— Mrs. Carrie Roesch Durham. s— Miss Mary Lang
ford. 6— Miss Daisy Kemp. T -Mrs. Mary Tlllman. B— Miss Eliza Keith. 9- Miss Harriet Lee. 10— Mrs. Lena B. Mills.
Lowe) Row: 1— Mrs. Tina Kane. 2— Miss Mac Wilkin. 3— Miss Belle Conrad. 4- Mrs. Lena H. Mills. 5 Mrs. Cora Sifford. 6— Miss Laura ETrakes.
7— Mrs. B< He Douglass. ,
EULOGIZED
BY NATIVE
DAUGHTERS
Specia'. Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, June 14.— California's
brave soldier boys, fighting and dy
far-off Philippines, were
mi..i>-<l !..y then Blßtecß to-day.
• their i .rand Parlor the
Nat! ■ Da ightera said kind thinps about
the absent heroes. The eulogies eom
when Mr? M- B. Tlllmann of San
ROBBING MADERA
TO HELP ITSELF
Southern Pacific Greed
in Evidence.
j 1 ilspatch to The ' "all.
MADERA June 14.— Southern Pacific
again exhibiting itself, and
iy win lose an enterprise
that promised to do much tor this Bection
of the San Joaquin Valley. Some nn< i
ago Paul Johnson, representing the N<
l>'w< Ultra Copper Mining Company, of
fered ; ,. erect a smelter in Madera nr—
V |,i.ml i»i.- citizens would give a Buitable
free The Chamber of Commerce
■nid citizens immediately began prepara
tions f. Obtain th.- necessary land, and
one week ago the representatives of the
smelter company lefi Madera with their
minds fully made up" to accepi one ■ I
sites offered. The smelter men. however,
■. eir acceptance would have to await
i by th- Eastern directors and
;l anal decision has been expected by
every mail.
Throughout the deal the Bmelter repre
sentatives have been v«ry cautious, and it
M,<m became evident there was Influence
to tak.- the enterprise from
Madera and locate it elsewhere. At first
an effort was mad.' to place the plant
west of the Southern Pacific trark. where
n would not I.- accessible by any other
railroad company, but the Bite which
proved th- most acceptable is located
aboul halt way between the two lines of
r \he citizens have felt that no better
offer could be made than the one tendered
, v -t,.,,, and felt that the affair waspro
- X ' as favorably as could be wished
for until yesterday, on that day Mr.
Fohnson and. another representative ol the
company arrived in Madera, and. taki-i?,'
•i surveyor, drove to Herndon, about
twelve miles south Of Madera on the line
of the Bouthern Pacific It in claimed that
the railroad company owns all the avail
able land at that point, and that it would
not only have the benefit of the sale of
land but would shut off the competition
of another road:
s i". Booth, district freight agent nf the
railroad company, claims his company
,;',,.. not care where the enterprise is lo
cated as it will get Its share of the
fr«iK''t anyway, hut th.- people have but
little faith in the protestations of the
company. While there is no direct evi
dence that th< "octopus" has had its
•iLjents at work, it is certain that no ■
save Hunting/ton's railroad wuulrl 'be
benefited by the erection of a smelter at
Herndon Instead ■■! at Madera.
Thi Madera sit.- is on the north bank
of the Fresno River, which is a river only
in name while a; Herndon the smelting
company would have to dump its slag and
refuse into the s.-ni Joaquin River, which
i^ a navigable stream and abounds in
oLu a proceeding for which they woul l
;; liable under the laws of th.? state.
ohnnld the efforts of the railroad com
;,., " be successful it Is probable the busi
ness men of Madera will make an effort
to have all their business routed over th«
Valley road by way Of retaliation. The
reeling against the railroad company H
very Strong here, and every effort will be
us.il to prevent the erection of tiii'
smelter at the point favored by the
Southern Pacific
The people of Madera have not only of
fered everything asked for 'y the smelt
iiitr company, but have in addition to a
Bite offered a free right of way from both
railroads to it h location and guaranteed a
Bupply of water as large as it could pos
sibly use. This being the case, they are
not "at all pleased at the turn events ore
taking, and" will not cease in their efforts
until it Is proved that the Southern Pa
cific has a stronger "pull' than has Ma
dera.
Native Daughters Name Officers.
SAN IjT'IS OBISPO, June 14.— Officers of
San .Luisita Parlor No. 108, Native Daugh
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TIIUBSDAY, JUNE 15, 1899.
Francisro moved that the Grand Parlc
donate $150 for the fund being raised by
Native Daughters said kind things about
■>. Eliza I". Keith ijuickly second
ed the motion in an able address. Otbei
•is followed, and after the ladies hail
paid their tributes the resolution appro
priating the money was unanimously
ted.
The report of the grand trustees was
read by Eliza D. K< ith. It was a recapitu
lation of tli.- year's work, showing all tho
Nooks to be ii! excellent condition, and all
business coming under the trustees' su
pervision satisfactory. The committee
appointed yesterday to act regarding the
purchasing of California products in pref
erence to the products of other States or
countries wherevser possible reported this
morning, and the Grand Parlor adopted
its resolution in favor of purchasing Cali
fornia products before all others.
At the n a. ■!■!■■•■ in ..--...:; the following
telegram v. aa read:
Georgle C. Ryan, Grand Secretary, Native
Daughters of the ';.>M.-ri West: Peace be ever
among you. and the advancement of your land
and the happiness of its people the eulmlna
ters of the Golden West, of San Luis
Obispo have hecn elected as follows: Past
presidem junior, Maud Scott: past presi
dent, Mrs. M. Bowen; president, Miss
Lena Call; first vice president, Mrs. Agnes
McCaffrey; second vice president, Miss
• 'arrie FJarnes; third vice president. Mrs.
May Dormer: recording secretary. Miss
Acnes Leo: financial secretary. Eva Bal
lou: treasurer. Mrs. Sarah McFadden;
marshal. Miss Callie Sloan; trustees- Mrs.
Shlpsey; physicians— l>rs. S^aton and
Jones. Mrs. Maggie Johnson, Mrs. Anna
Nichols; organist, Mrs. J. Felts.
M. CHARRON MAKES A
NEW OFFER TO WINTON
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, ISM. by James Gor
don Bennett.
PARTS, .lunp 14.— M. Charron feels rath
er discouraged about the proposed auto
mobile race with Mr. Winton, and among
automoblliste here generally a very bad
Impression Is created by Mr. Wlnton's
raUure to come to iimi\
"I have been minkinf? about my posi
tion, said M. Charron yesterday "and
this is what I am willing to do for Mr
Winton. I shall do my best to extricate
him from his dilemma. Now. I offer to
pay his- expenses up to the sum of 5000
francs to come over here, and I will lay
50,000 francs against his 20.000 francs that
I will beat him cm any route he may
choose in France from 500. kilometers to
1000 kilorn' ■!■ rs, only he should pay over
the money to the same party as ' i did,
the Herald, as an ordinary sporting- trans
action i propose this because r nave
such confidence In the pood qualities of
the French automobile.
"If Mr. Winton does not take up this
Offer 1 shall place the matter in the hands
of two referees, of which one will be an
American, to decide publicly whether the
20.CK10 francs deposited is not my property,
inasmuch as Mr. Winton does iiot come to
! [me."
CLEVELAND, Ohio. Juno 14.—Alexan
der Winton, when told to-nißht of M.
'■barren's offer to put up $10. '"m to 14000
against Mr. Wintori on the automobile
lace, replied he would not put up thai or
any other amount In the form of a bet.
He reiterated his desire to keep the race
up above professionalism and said he did
not care personally to pamble on the re
sult.
UPPER YUKON RIVER
OPEN FOR NAVIGATION
PORT TOWNSEND, June 14.— The Tp
per Yukon River is now open for naviga
tion. The steamer Flora, whirh left Daw
son on May 25, arrived at White Horse !
on June 3. One of her passengers. Wll-
Ham P. Allen of Seattle, who arrived here
to-night on the steamer Al-Ki, reports
that the Yukon River was open at Daw
son on May 17— nine days later than last '
year. The trip was made without diffi
culty until Lake Marsh was reached.
There the ice had to be cut in order to
get through. He reports forty-two loaded
BCOWS ai Tagish. lietween Tagish and
Bennett fifty more scows were passed, all
laden and bound for Dawson.
Since the big (ire Dawson has been the
scene of business activity. Sawmills have
been running day sind n'ght, but have
been unable to supply the demand fur
lumber. Ev^ry man who can drive a nail
has secured employment.
The season was somewhat backward
this year, and as a result thf> clean-up
did not commence until a short time be-'
fnre Allen started out. He says what
little was known of the results of thr>
clean-up was most satisfactory and claim
owners were jubilant. Many predict that
the output of gold this year will far ex
ceed the expectations of the most san
guine.
Allen says the reported exodus from
Dawson for Cape Nome is mythical, an
news of the strike at that place had not
reached Dawson when he left.
BILL PASSED CEDING
ISLANDS TO GERMANY
MADRID, June 14.— The Senate to-day
adopted the bill coding the Carolina Isl
ands, Ladrones and the Pelew Islands to
Germany.
tins of your w.irk.
FKANK MATTESON, G. P.
HENRI L.UNSTEDT, 'J S., N. S. G. W.
Resolutions of thanks were passed as
follows:
Whereas, This Grand Parlor has been saved
the mileage of a majority of the delegates of
the bay city parlors through the courtesy of
Buena Vista Parlor's delegates; therefore, be it
Reßolved, Thai a rising rote ol thanks !■>•
tendered the delegates by satd Grand Parlor,
and that the gn i be Instructed to
send a letter t-i that effect t< Un Genevleve
Hak^r. chairman of the c mmittee, and th;it
a c pj ol th( =ame be spread on the minutes
of this Grand Parlor.
Lizzie Douglas. Alta Parlor; Mary Perkins,
Alta Parlor; Nellie Mulcay, Oro Flno Parlor:
Maj i ; '"hur. h, i ■ Fli Parlor; Rosa l lay,
State Par! r; Llllle Uhllg, Golden State
Parlor; Alice Matnder, La EBtrella Parlor; Car
rie Felnstern her, La Estrella Parlor; Julia
and Rosa M. Bell, Las Lomas Parlor.
The following Invitation was read:
To the Grand Parlor, Native Daughters of
' j i. Golden West: Ursula Parlor No. ! semis
to the Gratid Parlor and most cor
dially Invitee the Grand Parkir to hold Its next
annual session at Jackson Amador County, Ca.l
K1.1.A E. t'AMIXKTTI,
AMELIA CAX>EMARTOKL
MARGARET WISH ART.
A letter of greeting from Past Grand
OUTLAW MOORE
SLEEPS IN COURT
Utterly Indifferent as to
His Fate.
Special I>i«;iatph to Thp <"all.
NEVADA CITY, June 14.— Edward
Moore went sound asleep this morning
during the progress of his trial for the
murder of Officer Kilroy. His face was
as placid as that of an infant. He slept
about three minutes, then awoke with
such a start that he almost tumbled off
his chair. If he has realization of the
seriousness of his position he does not
manifest it. He Is either inhumanly In
different to his fate or is a consummate
actor.
The impaneling of a jury was not rom
pleted till late t His afternoon. A Bcore of
freeholders who were examined as to their
qualifications swore that they were sn
firm in their conviction as to Moore's
guilt, because of what they had read of
his crime In the papers, thai not enough
testimony on the lines of insanity fir self
defense could be piled up by his lawyer to
cause them to ohange their minds. One
of these when asked if he could not give
Moore a fair trial, said nothing could be
more to his taste than to sit on«the case In
Judge Lynch's court. Others declared that
if they were ki pt nil ihe jury and the plea
<>f insanity were interposed they would
treat it as a sham and a subterfuge.
In his opening statement the District
Attorney said he would prove that Moore
had on various occasions warned Kilroy
not to attempt his arrest if he did not
want to die. and that he had told others
he would kill the policeman the first time
he caught him alone.
Dr. A. 11. Tickeil described the three
powder-burned wounds in the dead man,
any one of which would have been fatal.
County Surveyor Waggoner showed a dia
gram of the scene of the killing, and B.
A. Moore, a photogrpher, identified the
pictures he had taken of the wounds the
morning they were inflicted.
While the wounds were being described
to the jury the dead man's brother, Jo
seph, a big stalwart miner, bowed his
head and wept.
ONE WINNER FOR SLOAN.
The American "in the Money" in
Every Race of the Day.
LONDON, June 14.— At the second day's
racing: at Ascot Heath to-day Lord Wil
liam Beresford's four-year-old bay tllly
Jiffy 11, ridden by Tod Sloan, won th\
Visitors' plate, a handicap of 300 sov
ereigns, added to a sweepstakes of 1j
sovereigns each, for three-year-olds and
upward. Mr. Fairies Gallot was second
and Silver Fox third. Eleven horses ran
on the Swinley course (.one mile and a
half). The betting was a to 4 against
Jiffy 11.
Tne Royal Hunt cup was won by D. J.
Jardine's Refractor. Eager was secoc l
and Lord William Beresford's Knijjht of
the Thistle ridden by Sloan was third.
The Royal Hunt cup is a piece of plate
of the value of uOO sovereigns, to which is
added a handicap sweepstakes of 20 sov
ereigns each. The race was run over the
new mile course. The betting previous
to the st:irt was 25 to 1 against Refractor,
10 to 1 against Knight of the Thistle and
100 to 30 against Eager. Eight horses ran.
Arthur James' three-year-old bay iilly
Fascination won the Coronation stakes.
Sloan rode P. Ixirillard's chestnut iilly
Myakka and finished third. Charles D.
Rose's Zanette was second. This race is
of 100 sovereigns each, half forfeit, with
300 sovereigns added for three-year-olds
and upward. Nine horses ran the old
mile. The betting was 7 to 4 against
Myakka.
Sir Waldie Griffith's two-year-old colt
Vaevictis. with Sloan up, finished third
for the Fernhill stakes. Mr. Russell's
President Mariana Bertola was read and
formal congratulations were tendered
Grand President Lena TI. Mills on the
growth and prosperity of the order during
her term of office.
During the afternoon considerable work
was done on ritual. It was a long ses
sion, lasting till after 6 o'clock. The work
was pleasant, however, and the ante
rooms contained all those dainties ami ro
freshments appreciated bj women.
To-night Goodwater Grove was the
scene of a brilliant gathering. The ab
sence of the moon had been anticipated
and thousands of incandescent lights shed
their radiance upon the beautiful *r>n--.
v was a picnic under \h>- big oak trees.
There were summer refreshments in
abundance, dancing in the big pavilion
and Bcenea of enjoyment everywhere, it
was an Invitational affair and the grove for
the evening belonged to those fori
enough to be bidden. Within the pates,
however, there was no unnecessary con
ventionality. Never before did the resort
have such a cnncourM, such entrancing
music, such Innocent merriment or fairer
participants In an evening's gathering-.
To-morrow it is expected the election
of grand officers will 1..- reached, and
there is no reason to change th>' predlc
| tions heretofore made as to its results.
two-year-old bay filly Emotion was the
winner. Sixteen horses ran. The Get
ting was 5 to 1 against Yatvictis.
Jouvenio, P. Lorillard's chestnut colt
ridden by Sloan, finished third in the race
for the triennial stakes. Longy was the
winner and Arthur James" Dum ' Dum was
second. Ten horses ran on the two-year
old course. The betting was 7 to 2 against
Jouvenio.
The Ascot stakes of 60 sovereigns, with
700 sovereigns added, was won by the
l>i:ke of Westminster's Frontier Jolly
Tar, ridden by Sloan, finished second, and
W. Low Mark's Forhrd third. Six horses
ran on the Swinley course. The betting
was 13 to 8 against Jolly Tar.
SUNSET COMPANY
SUED BY D. O. MILLS
Damages Demanded for the Buining
of Trees by Telephone
Linemen.
REDWOOD (ITY. June 14.— D. O. Mills
| commenced an action in the Superior
Court yesterday against the Sunset Tele
phone am! Telegraph Company. The suit
will be a notable one. because it will de
termine the rights of the people against
a corporation.
Mr. Mills is the owner of n large tract
of land in the first township of this coun
ty, fronting on the county road, along
Which he lias planted numerous shade
and ornamentkj trees. The employes of
the Telephone and Telegraph Company.
in harfging wires, have cut and marred
the trees to such an extent as to almost
cause their ruin. Mr. Mills lias asked
the court to restrain the company from
further destroying his property, and sues
for Slihhi damages already done. Judge
Buck issued a restraining order yester
day. The trial is looked forward to with
great interest, especially by property
owners who have devoted much time anil
expense in beautifying the public high
ways in the improvement of their prop
erty.
To Discuss Irrigation.
MARYSVTLLE, June 14.— One week
from to-day a public meeting will be hold
in Browns Valley to consider matters in
connection with the irrigation district.
Water arriving in the ditch must be
cared for and distributed. To do this
money must lie raised, either by taxation
or by" the sale of the water. Recent court !
decisions have left the organization under |
a cloud. The policy advocated by the
National Irrigation Congress of Federal
storage reservoirs and leasing public
grazing lands to settlers on adjacent
lands will be discussed. The meeting will
be addressed by George H. Maxwell,
chairman of the executive committee of
the National Irrigation Association.
Every one interested in the prospertiy of
those" engaged in the, stockrasing industry
is urged to attend.
COBDONTUNDER !
What Is It? g
It is a Safe and Dead Sure Remedy for the Pain- q
less Extraction, Filling and Treatment of Teeth, df
We know you have been severely shocked by Electricity. **
W'p know you have felt th« evil effects nf gas. "We realize that you havp paid dparly iV r The
administration of chloroform, ether and other anaesthPtles, none of which have piven uni-
versal satisfaction. 'Why not discard the whole lot and adopt somethinß up to date. Be-
ware of students and men running- dental parlors who have no license to practice. Of
late we have seen numerous ease? where teeth have been destroyed and mouths disfig-
ured for life, and have the names or' these unfortunate people on file in our office, also the
fakers who performed the work. We can suhmlt to you at our office a list of the un-
lawful practitioners, so you may be protected against these fakers. For the purpose of
Introducing nur painless dentistry we quote below a few prices to Induce you to try our
methods. PRICE LIST FOR 9n DAYS:
EXTRACTION, 25c. CROWNS, $2.00 to $10.00.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION 50c. PLATES, $3 OO to $12.50.
FILLINGS, 50c REMOVABLE BRIDGEWORK, $3.00 per Tooth.
ALL WORK QUARANTBED.
DR. R. L. WALSH, 8153 GEAfiY bTKEET, Bet. Hjde and Larkin
Office hours, 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. •
WENT DOWN WITH
THE LOCH SLOY
Thirty Lives Lost in the
Wreck.
FOUR SURVIVORS PICKED UP
IN A PITIABLE CONDITION
WHEN RESCUED.
Bravery of the Captain and Crew of
the British Ship Lost Off Kan
garoo Island Early in
May.
Pppoial Dispatch to The Call.
VAXrOTVER.n. C. June 14.— Mall ad
vices from Aust\lia give details of the i
loss of the British ship Loch Sloy and
thirty lives off Kangaroo Island, news of
which was briefly covered by cable fiom
Adelaide. South Australia. May 9. The i
vessel was driven In the dark on the j
scrubby ami utmost uninhabited shore
which blocks the entrance Into St. Yin- \
c°nt Gulf. Only one passenger and three j
pallors out of the thirty-four souls aboard j
succeeded in saving their lives; the rest
wore- lost in the boiling surf.
These four survivors wandered for days j
seeking vainly for help. They lived upon j
water and provision:- cast ashore from
the wrecked ship. When found they were j
in a pitiable condition. Their clothing |
consisted of a few rags and a shirt each. >
The names of the survivors are.
WILLIAM MITCHELL, able seaman.
WILLIAM JOHN SIMPSON, appren- ;
tlce.
DUNCAN McMILLIAN. able seaman.
DAVID KILPATRICK, passenger.
Mitchell said the Loch Sloy drifted ho
close to the rocks that she could not run
out again and struck heavily. An enor
mous sea was running. Mitchell, who Is
an old seaman, says he never saw any
thing to equal the sight, even at Cape
Horn. This is the third time he has hern
wrecked. He says Captain Nicoll was a j
splendid man. From the time the ship I
struck he never moved off the deck, but
stood faithfully at his post. Within fif- j
teen minutes of the time she struck all
: hands were washed overboard. Two .
women passengers — Mrs. Leicester and
i*r • Cartlidge. a widow— climbed the
masts ;.nd showed no fear. The masts
were washed down in a few minutes.
Kilpatrick and Simpson were unable to
| swim, but floated ashore on a barrel, j
j Mitchell swam ashore with McMilli-in. All I
four survivors were thrown on the recks I
within two yards of each other.
No complete list of the ship's crew .'s i
available, but among the drowned are !
supposed to be Peter Nicoll. Peter Cle
land T A Cleland. Robert Smith. Rob- ;
iit Birny, G. McMillan. T. H. Leach. E.
Mulligan, Hugh Mcßride. J. A. Brown.
Archie Martin. R. J. Smith. John Buchan
an and George Lamb.
ENCYCLICAL LETTER
ARRIVES TOO LATE
NEW YORK. June 14.— The encyclical
letter of Pope Leo XIII dedicating the en- !
tire world to the sacred heart of Jesus |
and designating June 9. 10 and 11 to be |
set apart throughout the Christian world ;
for special devotion, has just reached this |
country.
Owing to some unaccountable delay on j
the part ot the authorities at Rome it j
failed to reached Monfeignor Martinelli in
time for the Archbishops and Bishops of j
the United States to act in accordance j
with its stipulations. It was designed to |
be read in parishes throughout the cnun- |
Try and promulgated in sufficient time to;
make the consecration of widespread in- i
tereot and a public demonstration not un- |
like that at Vienna last Sunday, when the
Emperor solemnly dedicated himself,
family and court to the sacred heart.
The encyclical appeared first in the
Observatore Romano, the official organ
of the Vatican. May 26. and made Its way
t<i P;iris. Cologne, Vienna and London in |
time for due observance. Archbishop Cor- I
rigan has been waiting its receipt, and
upon its non-arrival he Issued a pastoral
letter to the clergy of this diocese, and on !
the feast of the sacred heart. June 9, in
lieu of the act of consecration specially
recommended by the Pope in his encycli
cal the Archbishop recited the act that
has been in use the last quarter of "a
century.
The encyclical is vet news to a large
part of the Bishops of the United Stales.
When His Holiness learns of the delay he
will in all probability give an extension of
time for cansecration. Since the feast of
the blessed Margaret Mary, with whom
the devotion originated, falls on October
17, it is posible the Holy Father will set
that day paart for the dedication of this
country.
DISPLACEMENT OF THE
HEART CAUSES DEATH
SALINAS, June 14,— Dr. G. TV. Caldwell.
a dentist and large property owner of
this valley, died yesterday. Dr. Caldwell's
Illness was a long one and most peculiar,
his case puzzling the medical fraternity
of the State. Originally he had a pul
monary complaint, but it seemed to de
velop Into lympanona, a virtual displace
ment of the heart from its proper pasl
'•■ tion to the right side of the body. No cure
■ was found, and several times the patient
'■ remained in a comatose condition for a
long time. Dr. Caldwell was a prominent
Native Son, unmarried and quite wealthy.
RATTLESNAKE'S BITE
KILLS NOTED VAQUERO
UKIAH, June 14.— Juan Sppulvedn. a
noted vaquero of Round Valley, was bit
ten by a rattlesnake on Monday, and.
after suffering intensely for four hours,
died in great agony. Sepulveda had been
in the habit nf catching- rattlers by the
nccU and clinking them to death. He ne
cured an enormous one on Monday after
noon, but his grip was too far back. The
snake turned its head and sunk Its fangs
into the vaquero's index finger. Sepul
veda was a pioneer of Northern Mendo
cino. having immigrated hither before
Mendoiino County was formed.
Expert Kytka Excused.
SANTA BARBARA, June 14.— The pros
ecution in the Yda Addis Storke case
rested this afternoon. Expert Kytka being
excused, after ten days on the stand iden
tifying disputed handwritings. It Is said
the defense will make an effort to impli
cate P. N. Gutierrez and Grant Jackson
in the authorship of the libelous letters.
Placer County's Surveyor Dies.
AI'BTRN, June 14.— E. C. Uren, County
Surveyor, died here to-day of paralysis.
He was a pioneer and held the office of
Surveyor for many years.
DR. KILMER'S REMEDIES.
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT
Is Not Recommended for Everything.
But If You Have Kid.icy or Bladder
Trouble It Will Be Found Just •
the Remedy You Need.
Kidney trouble preys upon the mind,
■ discourages and" lessens ambition;
beauty, vigor and cheerfulness soon
disappear when the kidneys are out of
order or diseased.
Kidney trouble has become so preva-
j lent that it is not uncommon for a
child to be born afflicted with weak kid-
neys. If the child urinates too often,
I if the urine scalds the flesh, or if. when
; the child reaches an age when it should
be able to control the passage, and it
is yet afflicted with bed-wetting, de-
pend upon it, the cause of the difficulty
Is kidney trouble, and the first step
should be toward the treatment of these
important organs. This unpleasant
trouble is due to a diseased condition
of the kidneys and bladder and not to
a habit as most people suppose.
So we find that women as well as
men are made miserable with kidney
| and bladder trouble and both need the
I same remedy. The mild and the im-
. mediate effect of Swamp-Root Is soon
j realized. It is sold by druggists, In
: fifty-cent and one dollar sizes. You
may have a sample bottle by mail free,
also pamphlet telling all about it, in-
! eluding many of the thousands of tes-
i timonial letters received from sufferers
j cured. In writing Dr. Kilmer & Co..
! Binghamton. N. V.. mention the San
i Francisco Call. '
fBEECHISTPILLsI
* For Bilious and Nervous Disorders *
I firs Without a Rival. I
¥ AITTTUAL SALES OVER 6,000^000 BOXES. X
1 I 10 cents and 25 cents, at nil drug: stores. <*>
(vCT^oCANCER
1 ) .^jffßMfi: No KNIFE or PAIN
refllafrifcfcßp*^ No Pay until GUREQ
: ' Any lump in a
fefljja|Ejjp§sjpf woman's breast is
■ggffl [P^S *• anc c r • t * ie - v a '"
/^m^9m^^^£\\ ways poison the
& Q .^ML \J 1 i glands in armpit.
'*#•«-■'*'" i*Jlr,X When ihc cancer
! *.n armpit gets large cure is impossible.
Face and lip also very common places.
90 PAGE BOOK SENT FREE
With testimonials of thousands I hairs Cured
S. R. CHAMLEY, M. D., 25 Third St., S. F.
SEND to SOME ONE with CANCER
No More
Wakeful Nights
«— followed by weary days,
\\ if you take at mealtime
|t| and before retiring
! ill 'BLATZ
M MALT-ViVINE
J^SJfi&^&iL Efficacious as a tonic
fiHHHHH| and decidedly pleasing
~ltffflm(£i£\ Invigorates but will
not intoxicate.
Qggjwfc^Bgplj Awarded First Honors
aSJJSEiSisICU at Trans- .Mississippi
fa^fflHßSSgfl and International bx-
When you order this toiic of your drag*
gist give its full name with emphasis on
'BLATZ."
Prepared by
VAL BLATZ BREWING CO.
MILWAUKEE. U. S. A.
LOUIS CAHEN & SON,
WHOLESALE DEALERS.
416 and 418 Sacramento St. Tel. Main 416-
Health is Wealth.
DR. E. C. WEST'S
NERVE AND. BRAIN TREATMENT
, - THE ORIGINAL; ALL OTHERS IMITATIONS,
Is sold under positive "Written Guarantee,
by authorized agents only, to cure Weak Memory.
1 Dizziness, Wakefulness. Fits, Hysteria, Quicir-
aees, Night Losses, Evil Dreams, Lack of Confi-
: dence. Nervousness, Lassitude, all Drains, Youth-
ful Errors, or Excessive Use of Tobacco, Opium,
1 or Liquor, which leads to Misery, Consumption,
: Insanity and Death. At store or by mail. $1 a
box; six for $5; with -written icnarantce'to
- cure or refund money, sample pack-
. age, containing five daye treatment, with full
: instructions, 25 cents. One eampia only sold to
. each person. At store or by mail. _^d^^
§UTRcd Label Special^S§3>
Extra Strength. Sfaf\~a«}
For Impotency, Loss °f¥j£*<ryy
Power, Lost Manhood, VI JBiii
Sterility or Barrenness.i. jR
% 1 a box; six for «5, witii*XNt^<
written Kuarnnteesjr«^*y»
„ _ to cure in 30 days. At » tore*M*T3O
: BEFORE oi- by nail. AFTER
I GEORGE DAHLBENDER & CO.. Sole Ag*«..
■ 214 Kearny St.. San Francisco.
' THE WEEKLY CALL.
i 0/ It Publishes the Cream of th«
2 News of the Week and
2 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
cJ ORiGINAL FEATURED
©S IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
of PAPER ON TMB
*J PACIFIC COAST
3 — "x / — ■
7l The Best X / Mining
°) Telegraphic \^/ News That
I©< Servi<& on /V. Is Accurate
o< The Coast / \* up to date
o^ / __
o{
o{ Not a Line of It Sensational
J or Faky, and Not a Line of
2 it Dry or Uninterestip£.
Enlarged to 16 Pages. $1 per Yeai
34
APPOINTED REGENT
OF THE UNIVERSITY
General W. H. L. Barnes, Who Has Been Named
for the Position.
AM' iNh •'.■ illera at Genera] W. H. L. Barnes' law nffir« yesterday
the customary greetings hn-i
exchanged the Governor tendered to General Barnes the appointment
t of 1 Si ite University, to serve oul the unexpired term of
the 1 thy Guy Phelps; and expressed the hope that the tender would
rnes admitted that he was taken by sur
mkly acfc that the position was one that he hart always
for. He thanked the (Jovernor, and without
the trust. Governor Oagc at once sent a message by
telepl • ' ■ • 'Hive secretary at Sacramento, directing that General
gent be prepared. The commission will be signed
■
is one of the few men in California possessing the in
■ as ably as Mr. Phelps serve d it.
it degree of fit maintained.
amateur astronomer I Coast than the new
ly ap ' accomplishment will be extremely useful to
the university, will doubtless he railed to the chalrman
■ . In whl< h department Mr. Phelps
red such valuable service. The term for which General Barnes is ap
d expires in 1912, thirteen years hence.
Ann' tment last evening caused especial gratifi
cation at the Bohemian Club. G< • has served two terms as
titution, and a tew days since was made an honorary
member of the
AGED ROBERT LITTLE
TOOK CARBOLIC ACID
Mixed Poison With His
Wine and Drank
It.
BK<-.\rf?K lii* mind had t>^n«
weakened by ten years of in-H
aclinn and dissipation K'>l><-rtM
Little, retired baker rvsidinpM
with his family at 816 Valk-joB
street, committed suicide yesterday !>>*■
swallowing a draught of carbolic id.B
The suicide adopted the novel ■ xp.'di-H
ent of placing the corrosive poison in H
a glass containing wine and swallow-M
ing the mixture. Wlur. he was dis-M
covered by a member of the fainilyH
at 11 o'clock yesterday morning writh-M
ing with the pain of the add, . iu-s.B
Davidson and Cook were Bent for, rmdH
they worked for an hour < !!-]<'avoringß
to counteract the poison, but in vain.H
and he died shortly after noon.
Little was a native of England andH
65 years old. He had not done any-B
thing for the past ten years and h?.<lH
been supported by his grown children.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^B
He was of dissipated habits and his brain became affected by alcohol, so
that he determined to make away with himself. An inquest will be held to
day.
ARGUMENTS CLOSED IN
THE GRAIN RATE CASE
QUESTION OF COSTS SUBMITTED
FOP. COURT'S DECISION.
Judge Hayne Closed for the State
After Pillsbury Had Finished
Talking for the Railroad.
The arguments in the grain rate case
•were dosed yesterday with no bei er
result than an indorsement of the pres
ent Board of Railroad Commissioners
from Judge Hayne of counsel for the
State. He said they were presumably up
right and honorable, and that their acts
ADVERTISEMENTS.
|?265TKeQ[d Blend
M^jj^^^dc.- Recipe
AU. Cut n Jmlioei to pu» froa
EDINBURGH to IjONDO.N. or w;
ottw pUc* mi tfieir ro«4 let lira
, K|»li id th« 'WHITS HORSE CELLAR.'
; In EDINBURGH, v which (ten tkn hi b*
nccirtd Id • STAGE COACH mry lk»uT j
j tad F»m»T. whidi perform *« J*>unirr
Id «l(ht dan 01 Ood pennia), tad m took <
•I (ti in ax doming. ■
*Attonr( cs£b puiaifei 14 pouoli nift^
Ual all alx>Te, 6 pcaot per pamd.
•'WHITE HORSE CELLAR"
. SCOTCH WHISKY
From
Wlacklo & Co., Islay, Scotland.
' - ■ ~~~" /'\' ■ '"',.'
CHARLES MEINECKH A : CO..
enU Pacific Coast, 314 - Sacramento Btr«et,
Him Franclioo," Cal. .;." "~
- -. „ — . —^__- i* ■ <»■ - "
I wore to bo taken as being of faith.
This came out In reply to several ques- !
" tions from Mr. F'illHbury. Judge Ilayne !
had remarked that the* old board acted i
I in good faith all through the suit and ,
that its members were all good, clean :
men. Pillsbury asked if the same did not
obtain as to the prc-sent board. Judge
Hayne could not but say it did, and tlien .
Plllsbury asked if then their motion to ;
. dismiss th<- suit without costs was not [
to be taktn as being made in good faith.
It was somewhat of a facer for Hayne, j
■ but he explained that when the Commis
sioners rescinded the resolution fixing the j
rates th< y did not know they hud not re- ;
scinried the schedule as well, and there- j
fore they were not bound by any action !
they bad taken at that time.
It took half, an hour of the morning ;
1 session for I'illsbury to finish his argu- \
ment begun last Monday. Taking up i
the subject at the rescinding of the reso- I
Unions establishing the rat'-s he argued ,
I that by doing so the Commissioners had
rendered useless the suit commenced and '
, continued for river two years: the com- i
; pany had been put to great expense, he
said, in conducting the suit, and the re-
BCinding of the resolution was an ad mis- I
: slon on the part of the Commissioners!
that the resolutions could not stand the!
test of the suit, which was the conten
tion of the company, and that, therefore,
it amounted to a judgment in favor of i
1 the company.
I In expatiating upon the right of the
; Railrf ad < ''immissioners to fix the rates
; and to adopt the 8 per cent and the 2".
per cent schedules, Mr. Hayne said that
; the Question was not whether the rates
were reasonabli or not. He contended
that the r; ( t<s must be grossly unreason
: able, even flagrantly so, and must show
! beyond any question that the rates were '
! so grossly unreasonable as to amount to
I a confiscation of the property, before the ,
i court would have a right to use Its dis- '
( retlon in setting them aside. That had
been held by the United States Supreme'
, Court in the water cases.
The case was then submitted to the I
: court.
. ♦ .
Fell Thirty Feet.
Michael l,avin, a hod-carrier, GS years
Of age. fell from the roof of a building at
Beale and Harrison streets a few minutes
before 8 o'clock last 'light and was picked
up unconscious. He was taken to the
Harbor Receiving Hospital, where it was
found that he had sustained a fracture of
the skull and possible Internal injuries.
His recovery is doubtful. Nobody seems
to know just how the accident occurred.
Lavtn went to work on the building at
about 2 o'clock yesterday afternoon and
workc-d steadily ap to the time the acci
dent occurred. He was not seen to fall,
but it Is supposed that he missed his
footing while stepping from the topmost
rung of the ladder to the roof. His place
of residence is 37 1 * Madison avenue, and
he bus a wife and married daughter.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 15, 1899.
OAKLANDS AND
LOCALS WILL
FIGHT IT OUT
Hot Games Promised
AH Around.
IMPROVING RECREATION PARK
A LAYER OF LOAM SPREAD OVER
THE SAND.
Donlin Declines to Go East This Sea
son — Struve Will Retain the
Watsonville Manage
ment.
Santa Cruz has Increased its lend dur
ing the past week, while Pan Francisco,
by losing: two of its three games with
Sacramento, has loosened its grip on sec
ond place and Is being- crowded hard by
Watsonville. Oakland and San Jose have
also lowered their percentage and oc
cupy fourth and fifth positions, respec
tively. Sacramento has struck its prut at
last and is now within striking distance
of its nearest competitors. All the teams
are steadily Improving, and the element
of luck or fortune enters largely Into the
victories and defeats. 'Below is given the
standing of the clubs to date:
UaKlnna and can l-rancisco will hattlo
at Recreation Park and Golden Gate
Park tills week, and the three games
promise to be unusually interesting.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JmWm
SIQK HiiOAGHE
Positively cured by these
tittle Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
I Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per*
' feet remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowst
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
I Small Price.
MfUtfM
KNITUTINQ-OD.
IO3.POST ST.. NEAR KEARNY, S. F.
|S| Buy From Headquarters.
« BATHING
W Alpaca and SUITS
||U\ Knitted. OUilO
fljimi\ Sweaters, Jerseys, Etc.
, Wp knit to order
~ET UNDERWEAR
•—"^jgT^* In Bilk, Wool and Linen
Send for Illustrated Catalogue. Free.
: •♦■O-»-O-*O-*- O-«-O-*-O ♦
o y$ % 1U» Wm m ©
4 -.„,--.,, n l^ilUU- .
O t^ ( o
♦ H Natural Mineral Water ♦
♦ JJHBI known for centuries and +
SuBAl imported q
♦ /oOnk ONLY IN BOTTLES. ♦
0 /n^^^^ For Disordered Stomach ♦
♦ rfhflUffflß an^ n^S es^ on 4
0 ****v^. Its ralue has been t j-sti- O
Sj^»^i :^^3 * " ed to by thousands. 4
♦ I VICKY j So-called Vichy in Sy. ?
phons i
♦ S,##J Is NOT VICHY - ♦
! ♦ MS^P Get the Genuine. ?
P SjfeS-j-rfP fa Your physician O
♦ wHf! OTp JH will rponmmonil It.
4 t^AMHIBg A. VIGNIER, Dittribnting Aptat J
•♦o-^o-»-o-*-o-»-o-^o -♦- O-*O-*-O -*o-*-o-» o^
I .
1 visit DR. JORDAN'S great jf
OF ANATOMY^
i gfe 1051KABZETST.bet.6±*7th,S.r.C:l. i
i3f The I.ar?rst Anatomical Museum in the \
I ' World. >Veaknes-.cs or any contracted A
VKvSn disease po»l«l»f-ly cared Dy (he oldest T
0 IKHI Specialist on the Coast, list. 36 years Q
1 fISC: 8 DR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES J
\ ls9l)S Consultation frre nnd stri ;'y private \
9 E iffiL R T rMlmenl personally or by Irttcr. A §
\lff *« B M ">< ; e Cure 111 every case undertaken. T
iI r I lA ' Write for Book. PHII.ONOPHY of i
ll' II I 1" Bl * ril * llA *- l " : » MAILED FREE. (AT
A (1 11 valuable book fur mm} .
F I>K. JORDAN A CO., 1051 Market Ut.^3. F. V
MAKE PERFECT MEM
DOKOTUF.SPAIR! UonotSuf-
&&&£&-?}. 'er Longer! The Jov.h and ambitions of
SSSr TwHk " fe can be rei'toroil to you. The very
Hal JtVfl worst cineaol .N.rvou* Ili-htlity nre
IS* absolutely I)! si» lit! Da itotSaf-
fer Longer! The Jdv.h and ambitions of
life can be restored to you. The very
worst cnB(>b of !Srrvnu> Debility are
absolutely cured by PKKKF/TO
4^ J:: L rl ' Alt LfcTS. Oivp prompt relief to in-
wak falling memory and the wnste
•i/.V^SSfy n nil drain of vital powers. Incurred by
»! v^SjJiiV Indiscretions orexcekfesof ear.v yr-nrs
*-" VM*^" Impart vigor and potency to pv»Vy func-
tion. Brace op the Oive /^S\ bloom '" the
i chorltd and lustro to the eyes of Young- or old.
One OOc box renews vital energy. PWlllO boxes at
Ji.ioaeomplf'teifuarantevdriire Yjtfjiyor money ro-
unded. Can be carried in vest > *«>' pocket. "Sold
every whore, or mailed in plain wrapper on leceipt of
\>rl<-e by TIIK PKRFEirTO CO., («-!<m 1i1.1i;.. flile.go. 111.
Bold by Owl Drug Co., Baldwin Pharmacy,
W. J. Bryan (two stores), Grant Oruif Co.. In
Oakland by Owl Drug Co. ... -' . .
Santa Cruz will bump up against the
Senators at Sacramento and is liable to
have a distressing time of it now that
the tailenders have got to moving. San
Jose will go to "Watsonville, and that se
ries will be for blood from the sound-off.
Manager Harris frankly admits that he
would rather go against any team in the
league than the Senators. The way
those tailenders put it on Hank's men
in all sorts of extra-inning skyrocket
games makes the local magnate exceed
ingly tired. The other teams seem to
have no great difficulty in vanquishing
the Statesmen, but with Harris it is dif
ferent. Hank says that if he loses the
championship it will be due to Sacra
mento.
The sirocco that swept over Recreation \
Park during last Sunday's game, strang- i
ling and blinding the spectators with
thick clouds of sand, has stirred the man- i
agement to take steps to alleviate the dts- !
comforts of its patrons. The diamond has !
been harrowed and scraped off and 100 !
loads of rich loam Is being spread, which I
will pack down smooth and solid, so that I
there will he no further annoyance from i
dust and dirt. Incidentally it will improve I
the work of the inflelders, as they can I
handle the ball much better on a loam !
diamond than on the sand. This Improve- i
ment will be completed in ample time fur ■
Saturday's game. In case the manage- I
ment docs not secure more corrrmodiLns
grounds for next season the entire Held ,
at Recreation Park will be covered with
loam in the fall and the outfield up to the j
I
When requeited, the Resort* msntioned in this column will send you circulars, giving full information regarding special advantages, rates,
manner of reaching- them, etc. When writing please mention The Call.
HIGHLAND I
SPRINGS.
The Great Sanitarium of the West,
OPEN EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR.
New Hotel, elegantly furnished: table un-
surpassed: lighted by electricity.
THOUSANDS CURED BY ITS WATERS
Finest Swimming Tank. Bowling Alley and
Dancing Hall In Lake County, together with
complete' Livery Stable. Gentle Saddle Horses
ol'KR OJ 30 cS KINDS OF MINERAL SPRINGS.
Physician in attendance; superb climate;
beautiful mountain scenery; trout, deer and
small game plentiful; magnificent drives;
baths In variety: lawn tennis and croquet.
Reached by the shortest BtaK« route into Lake
County. Round trip fare from Ban Fra""isco
via Hopl !. *S: via Caltetoga, $9. I
Hotel and cottage rates. $10 to $14 per week.
Take S. F. & N. P. Railway to Hopland. or 1
S. P. R. R. to Calistoga. For illustrated pam-
phlet or further information address J. CRAIQ, ;
Highland Springs, Lake County, Cal., or see .
L. D. CRAIG. 316 Montgomery st.
Highland Springs Mineral Waters on sale at !
Oakland Pioneer Soda Water Co., Thirteenth
and Webster sts., Oakland.
, AHRENS, PEIN & BULLWINKEL.
— «.— • 620 Post St., San Frnnclsco. ■■
SKAGGS'HDTSPRIHGS
Sonoma County: only 4% hours from San
Francisco and but 9 miles' staging; waters i
noted for meClclnal virtues; best natural bath
In State; swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain scenery; good trout streams at door; pho- j
tographer's room, telephone, telegraph, dally
mill and express: FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
STAGE SERVICE; morning and afternoon
stages; round trip from San Francisco only
$5 60. Take Tlburon ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 2:39
n. m. Terms, »2 a day er *12 a week. Ref-
erences, any guest of the past four years.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spot to Visit This Summer.
Boats free to guests. Fine fishing. Excellent
table Clean beds and careful attention to !
patrons. Climate perfect. Sixteen miles from
Truckle in the heart of the Sierras and sur-
rounded by magnificent trees of an unbroken
forest The ld*al spot for families because it is
clean, no poison oak. no pests. And pure air
and pure water. Address MRS. H. M. CLEM-
ONS Virginia City, before June 1. when Inde-
pendence Lake will be open to the public. ■
"JSTI BYRON HOT SPRINGS 1
$??•.■. You can go as late
c^H2l v syK\. as 5:30 p. m. Saturday
(^w-JjOi) and be in your office on
V ';M : '|. Monday morning by
$V.sJi ! 1> ■ 8:45. A fine trip. Try
V."-',»^- i j • it. Address
"^Ui A. BETTENS, Mgr- j
< ~'»:<Vi*rc!rJ: Byron Hot Spring!, C&l .
VICHY SPRINGS.
THREE MILES FROM URIAH. MENDO-
cIno County. Natural electric waters,
champagne baths. Only place In the world of
this class of waters having continuous now of
natural warm water direct from springs to
bath tubs. L!vtly grounds, fishing and hunting.
Crystal Spr;t ■ Accommodations and tab!*
first-class, j. i. REDEMEYER & CO.. Props.
HOTEL LYNDON,
LOS GMTOS.
Just opened; new building; handsome furni-
ture; 50 outside rooms: every modern conven-
ience; electric bells and lighting; perfect sani-
tary plumbing. Strictly first-class family and
commercial hotel. Comfort and convenience of
guests first consideration. Cuisine nnd service
unsurpassed. Commodious free sample room.
LYMAN H. TOLFREE, -Proprietor.
HOTEL MOUNT VIEW,
A BEAUTIFUL SUMMER RESORT IN ROSS
VALLEY; now open for guests. For terms
and particulars address MRS. M. I. LEACH,
Ross Valley, Marin County, Cal.
THE tIAVI DETDEAT Situated five miles
lilt nUYA llElKtAl from Gilroy. Spring
water. Hunting. Magnificent location. Good
cheer and home comforts. Good board, with
■ill the delicacies of the season. For terms ad-
dress MRS. PORTER T. PEABODY, Gilroy,
Cal.
MONTE VISTA,
In the Sierra Nevada Mountains. Now open.
Come to the country for the rammer. Low
rates. Send for or call at The Traveler office
for illustrated circulars. THOS. E. MORGAN.
Proprietor, Monte Vista, Dutch Flat, Placer
County, Cal.
AMENDE SPRINGS.
Under new management; 2000 feet above Bea;
stage connects with train at Llvermore at 2:15
p. m.; fare from San Francisco, $2 25; rates,
$7 60 to $12 50 per week; halt price for children
under 12 years old. For circulars address DR.
FRANK PITT, Proprietor, Llvermore. Cal.
"THE TRAVELER'S" BUREAU,
AT NO. 20 MONTGOMERY ST., KEEPS
the pamphlets of all principal California
Resorts for FREE DISTRIBUTION. The pub-
lic are cordially ' Invited to call or write. NO
CHARGE OF ANY KIND.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS
(Beswlck. Slsklyou County, Cal.)
Finest fishing and health report on the coast.
Climate perfect. For particulars apply /to ED-
SON BROS.. Proprietors.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
TWO TRAINS DAILY; 7:30 A. M. AND i
p. m. ; stage meets train at Napa City. AN-
DREW JACKSON. Kttca Soda Sflriami P. O.
bpse lines sown to grass.
Since Dr. McGraw took hold of the ban
Jose team that town has become one or
the best ball towns in the State in point
of attendance and Interest In the .game.
The team is steadily improving in na
work, the members are all popular wit n
the public, and the Garden Citys bid lair
to show a handsome balance on the
credit side of the ledger at the close or
the season. Last Sunday the team put up
a wonderfully fast game against the Lob
sters, the score standing 1 to 1 for nine
Innings. In the tenth, however, the lead
ers won out with another tally.
Sullivan will be back in the game this
week. His ankle, which he sprained last
Sunday morning, is greatly Unproved.
The locals will need his batting in the
Oakland series.
By mutual consent Sacrampnto and
Santa Cruz have exchanged dates. The
Senators were scheduled to play at the
sea beach this week and (he Lobsters
were due in Sacramento on July 22 and '.',.
Now, however, Santa Cruz will go to Sac
ramento this week and the Senators will
make their trip in July.
Although rumors still float up from
Wataonvllle of a change in the manage
ment, Mr. Struve is said to have recon
sidered his determination to sell out and
will remain in charge of the team.
President Moran, Vice President Bert
and Secretary Bonnet, who constitute
the arbitration board of the California
league, will meet in a few days and pass
upon all the protests now pending.
Shea, the clever little Oakland pitcher,
Hot Sulphur (
Plunge
Is one of the delights o* Paso
Robles Hot Springs. A magnificent
bath house. 225x60 feet, costing
over $25,000 ; has two sections —
one side exclusvey for women.
Competent men and women mas-
seurs in constant attendance.
Water is valuable medicinal tonic,
Otto F. Never,
I ; ■ !■' ' j&^^^^^BQ 'V^
RoMes, Cal. Jty 8m
City office, 636 I^-£?f>r
Market St.
Fashionable
Vendome.
Refined and cultured people follow-
ing in fashion's lead find Hotel Ven-
dome a delightful resort. The large
music hall, with polished floors, is
often tlie scene of fashionable gather-
ings. The adjoining banquet room is
eiegantlv appointed and decorated
with exquisite taste..
GEO. P. SNELL, Manager,
San Jose, Gal.
nim ion hot springs. — This
UfllcfllVli beautiful summer and
iHllnlfilll Wlntp r reeort. now
B rilini W owned and managed by
DR. J. PKUKAI'LT, who as resident physi-
cian, will devote his entire time to the welfare
of his guests, whether sick or well, Is situated
150 miles south of San Francisco, in the Coast
Range Mountains, at an elevation of 1000 f»et.
The climate Is soft and balmy and free from
fogs. Soda, sulphur and iron springs. Hot
plunge and tank baths; delightful grounds;
comfortable hotel; annex and cottages; good
hunting and fishing; grand scenery: lovely
walks and drives. Special rates to families oc-
cupying entire cottages, or invalids or others
remaining more than one month. Trains dally
from Third and Townsend st. depot. 9 a. m.
(Pullman to Soledad, thence seven miles by
stage to Paralso.) Round trip. $8. For further
Information address J. PERRAULT, M.D., Pa-
r&lso Springs, or city office, 336 Sutter st., S. F.
FAMOUS GILROY HOT SPRINGS.
(Change of Management.)
R. ROBERTSON (for the past five years at
Paralso Springs), Prop, and Manager.
The hotel and cottages have been thoroughly
renovated— new furniture, beds, carpets, etc.
The Table the best the market affords. The
Baths refitted and Improved competent at-
tendants and masseurs. Grounds and walks
bertitlfled. Fine hunting and fishing. Trains
leave Third and Townsend sts., S. F.. at 9
a. m. and 2:45 p. m. Carriages at Gllroy for
the Springs.
For Illustrated pamphlets and special rates
by months and for families address R. ROB-
ERTSON, Gllroy Hot Springs. Cal.
Mark West Springs,
MOST PICTURESQUE RESORT. VARIETY
of mineral springs. Soda. Sulphur, Magne-
sia, Iron and Arsenic; plunge bath; swimming
pool, billiards, shuffleboard, croquet and other
games. Accommodations first-class: table good;
$9 to $12 a week. Round trip, $3 75. Stage
meets morning trains "nd Sat. eve. FRESE &
JUERGENSEN, Mark West Springs, Sonoma
Co., Cal. City Office, 912 Larkln st.
HOTEL BELVEDERE
Open for the Season April V. Ample accom-
modations In Hotel: alto In new cottages, just
completed.
;. ; . ;' r .-.; ; .'.,/vißs. j\. T. /VIOORE,
BELVKUEKE.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL'S
Sanitarium and Mineral Springs, Glen Ellen,
Sonoma County: also 20 completely furnished
6- room cottages; good boating, fishing and
hunting; finest summer resort and mineral
water lor all diseases In America; camping
ground and mineral water free. Apply to Dr.
C. C. O'Donnell. 1021 14 Market st.. bet. Sixth
and Seventh. San Francisco. ■■ '- ■- '
SUMMER HOME FARM.
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS: FIRST-CLASS
family resort; cottages, tents, hunting and fish-
ing; artificial lake for boating and swimming:
long distance telephone; campers' return tick-
ets, J2 50: hotel open the year round. Send for
circulars to J. H. HAESTERS. Glenwood. C*l.
BLUE LAKES HOTEL
WILL •BE CONDUCTED IN A QUIET,
homelike manner, ■ th one of the best
tables in the county; $10 to $12 per week.. Round
trip, JO 60. S. F. and N. P. to Uklah; thence by
stage. Address J. WIi. ON. Bertha, Lake
County, Cal. . • .
AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS,
1 Sonoma Valley, two hours from S. F., via Tib-
uron ferry. Warm mineral swimming and tub
baths. Water. gas. electric bells. Rates $10 to
$12 per week, }2 per day. Address Aqua Call-
tnte Springs. Aqua Callente. Sonoma Co.. Cat.
; HOTEL BE IN VENUE
! And cottages. Lakeport, Cal.— Large grounds;
: new dancing pavilion, Sox4o; fronts lake 200 ft.;
fine bowling alley and shuffleboard; swlmmtnc
boating, elegant yacht free; ■ children's play-
ground; good table; no Chinese help. F. &
A. M. SCALES. Proprietor*.
is complaining: bitterly because he is not
given enough work, and has requested
Manager Bwing to give him a regular
turn in the box with Moskiman and US -
Harper and Whelan are doing some
grand Etching for Watsonville, and with
ITittle better support, which the team is
July capable of giving them win land ,
the Sugar Beets close up to the top
Harvey who was the premier twirler
nf Vh* California League last seeason, has I
only w?n one game o far this year, but I
the fault does not rest entirely with
the Whenever he goes into the box it
seems' as though .the team had the pecu
fiar facility of going all -to pieces - Sun
day morn for instance, they piled up
nine errors behind Harvey, and in the at
ternoon their -iielding was brilliant. The
lamTs steadily though, and
£,'t ,»*£ SSBS »e al n neek cce c w!i!
,-levelon into a pitcher as well.
The Oak ands have played in hard luck
during the last two weeks. Their fielding
has been of a high order, but they have
steadily rode the chutes. Perhaps it !
would be well for Manager Effing to
grant Shea's request to go into the box
oftener, at least until Russell gets back
reinstated himself in the good
graces of the public by his magnificent
work of late.
The cranks who like to add zest to
the games by laying a small piece of j
SANTA GATALINA
ISLAND.
8% Hours* Ride From Los "Angeles, CaL
AMERICA'S FOREMOST RESORT.
Write for information about Catalina's won-
derful attractions. World's records for rod and
reel angling. Fishing tournament May 1 to
Sept. L auspices Tuna Club. Sixth season
of cur famous Marine Band.
The Hotels Metropole and Island Villa.
Modern Conveniences. .-;. Efficient Management.
Moderate Rates. Best Golf Links.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
BANNING COMPANY 222 South Spring St..
Los Angeles, Cat.; or call on O. W. THOMP-
SON. Agent. 621 Market St., San Francisco.
-♦\O-«-O-«-O*-O-*-O-#-O-»-O-*-d-*O-*-O-*-O>-O-*-
V■ " ♦
♦ Take advantage ♦
0 Of the Round-Trip £
♦ Tickets to '+
f Hotel del Coronado. °
A °
♦ Now only $60 by steamer, in- ♦ j
♦ eluding 15 days' board at hotel ; ♦
° if longer, $2.50 a day. J
° Apply 4 New Montgomery st., °
o San Francisco. . o
: ♦ ■■■.-*
■*-o-*-o-*-o-*- o+o+o -♦- o+o-*o-»-o-»-o-*o-»-
/rlnlA "\ Nice cozy cottages
♦ L I lift I under the trees;
ODD I MOO I dlning " room in
Ul IIIIiUU separate building.
Apply W. G. MITCHELL, Aetna Springs.
Napa Co.. or J. H. SIMPSON, I. O. O. F.
building, S. F.
■
___»_— ——-j——.—— i____i ________—————■—— ■
ONLY ONE VACATION
a year. Enjoy every minute of it!
You can not help but do so at SARA-
TOGA SPRINGS, LAKE COUNTY
— the queen of Summer Resorts.
Rates: $-8, $14 per week.
J. .MARTENS, Proprietor.
City Office— Pine st.
Th» Place for f\Y) /P U A r>TV n the FOOT-
REST and ORtHARDHaLs H efth 9
HEALTH SPRINGS nSiSS- n
K/_ «"'vw theC.P.a.R.
Plain. Quiet Retreat: Finest Scenery, Water,
Mountain Air, Fruit and All th* Tear
Around Climate In California.
Ideal Grounds and Surroundings. On Railroad,
IS6 Miles from San Francisco.
$8 week. Open all year. Send for Booklet.
Address Orchard Springs, Chicago Park. Cal.
SAMUEL SODA SPRINGS.
J. R. Morris. Prop., Napa County, Cal. Sun
cure for dyspepsia, indigestion, rheumatism
and constipation; hot mineral baths. Thea*
springs are located In Napa County, 20 miles
east of 6t. Helena. The water is bottled at
the springs and contains its own natural gas.
Stage leaves St. Helena.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
NATURAL ADVANTAGES: SALUBRIOUS
climate; picturesque scenery; mountain
walks; pure spring water; beautiful drives;
pine groves, lawns and gardens. The best ad-
vantages for those who need to obtain comfort,
rest and health culture In a short time. Address
BT. HELENA SANITARIUM. St. Helena. Cal.
n % C - TOCALOMA. M ,£ IN
BERTRANP HOTEL— First-class accommo-
dations; reasonable rates; fishing; beautiful
drives to Bear Valley, etc. JOSEPH F. BER-
TRAND, or Winchester Hotel Dining-room,
first floor, D 8 Third St.. San Francisco.
KENILWORTH INN,
MILL VALLEY— most delightful summer
home. Every modern convenience. . In and
cut door sports. Forty-live minutes from San
Francisco. Table under perconal cars of MRS.
M. MERRY. Proprietor.
ADAM SPRINGS, LAKE CO.
Favorite resort of the State; the water Is un-
excelled for medicinal purposes; table unsur-
passed; fine flshlng and hunting: stage daily
from Callstoga direct to springs: round trip at
Southern Pacific offices. »10. DR. W. R. PRA-
THER. Adam Spring. •
Yosemite Valley and Big Trees.
Superior accommodations and lowest rites
via • the "Valley Road" route. For^ full iar
flculars address JOHN MOSS.. Trafflo Dej.i.,
321 Market St.. San Francisco.
CAMP TAYLOR REDWOODS,
On N. P. C. R. R., the place to go tor sum-
mer: beard or camp cottages; Sunday excur-
sions. $1. For circulars address H. Ax. MAR-
TIN. Camp Taylor. Cal.
JOHANNISBERG.
FAMILY RESORT AND OUTINQ PLACE
in the midst of the Nupa Redwoods, Mount
Veeder 3100 feet. Large lake, boating, swim-
ming, hunting, fishing. Terms, $6 to »10 per
week. Send for circulars. JOHANNISBEKO
RESORT, Oakvllle. Napa County, Cal.
PLEASANT VIEW RANCH.
Good fishing, hunting, bathing; fresh
milk, butter and eggs, fresh fruit. Terms,
$7. E. M. SHELI<'ORD. Cloverdale, CaL
> Free carriage.
money on the outcome are having a
time of it in pickiup the winni rs. '
in the history of the pair.
bave the teams been so evenly mat
rail-enders beat the leaders and th,
sxpected happens in ■':
rhe teams are so closely bunched that',.
month from now every p .■ Ly i«
reversed. ?
The two interior leagues arr- boon
fill the towns turning- out large crowds
sanies. The various cl
San Joaquin Valley and Southern Cali
• leagues are sending to San Fran
almosi daily fur players pitchera
being mum in demand.
t Donlln has received offers from Rrook-
St. Louis, Chicago ami Di troil
■ to en East this se i
!l " i- 4 working BteadQy to obtain d<
■!:■• ball and pays that by
■ be ready to cross the hills
to have the measure ol
• rs down par.
,„ " ! r"— The Call expects to
:• the batting a ■ • -
- in the league next v.
being prepared, but It Is
Police Officials Go Fishing.
rMKe "-unsisung of Detectives FA
mims T ° cOrp '- Monahan, Sergeant
Helms, ..James CavAnagh. Harry Huff
1 ■ ■ , r, and 8. Mriz
li' \i. ■ vacation Trip to
torshooi crewel! prepared
curlaH - ' : expec< ' ' 3P -
FREE CAMPING
. Ideal camping spots all along th© main
line, Sonoma and Guernevllle branches of
the California Northwestern Railway "¥
(lessee San Francisco and North Pacifla
Railway), the picturesque route of Cali-
fornia. While parties can camp any-
where, close to or remote from the rail-
road, a few picturesque spots especially
adapted for campers have been selected
on account of their easy access to Saa
Francisco.
Glen Ellen Park and four miles alon^
Sonoma Creek, beautifully shaded. Excel-
lent fishing and bathing. Mr. C. E. Har-
vey, at Glen Ellen, will show locations.
Mirabel Park, on our Guemevllla
branch, adjoining the railroad, and. skirted
by Mark West Creek, which la now
dammed, affording fine bathing, boating
for two miles, and good fishing. Man la
charge. Row boats at reasonable rental.
Guerneville, In the midst of the redwood
country, and on the Russian River, is
practically the terminus of the Guerne-
ville branch. The people of the town and
vicinity, under the name of the Business
Men Association, of Guerneville, offer
free camping sites throughout the whole
section. The Russian River will ie
dammed, affording a magnificent sheet of
water for bathing and boating. Mr. D.
Connell. proprietor of the livery stable at
Guerneville, representing the association,
will meet all trains, and without charge
■•vill show prospective campers the various
locations.
To and from all these points doubla
dally train service.
Supplies delivered on the grounds by
the merchants of the adjoining towns.
Tickets for camping parties are to be
procured at Ticket Office. 650 Market st.
For detailed information apply at Ticket
Office, 650 Market St.. Chronicle building,
or at General Office. Mutual Life building. .
Sansome and California streets. ►
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN. '
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Apt.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
- LAKE COUNTY.
' Thli- delightful watering plac* Is located la
the midst of th« Coast Range.
Abundance ■of • mineral springs, hot and co'ut
plunge baths. large swimming tank of mineral
water, fine atone.- dining room: telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation;
good trout fishing and hunting:. Round tri»
ticket* at Southern Pacific offices, $10.
JOHN SPAULDINO. Proprietor.
Sea Beach Hotel
SANTA CRUZ. CAL.
CALIFORNIA'S FAVORITE RESORT. Lo-
cated on a flowering slope from the beach.
Unsurpassed view of beach, bay and mountains.
Salmon nshing. tennis court, croquet grounds
and music. Reasonable rates. For terms ad-
drees J. B. PEAKES, Proprietor.
. J. T. BROOKS. Chief Clerk.
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
Two miles from Hopland. Unequaled soda and
magnesia .springs: baths: furnished cottages.
Terms, $10 to $12. Buy throuch tickets, ben*
for circular. O. HOWELL. Hopland. Cal.
BOG/* HOTEL.
FINEST HUNTING AND FISHING ON THE
TRUCKEE RIVER; pleasant sunny rooms:
pure mountain air; free bo ..tine on lake;
prices reasonable. V i to $10 per weejt: special
rates for families. W. 3. McDON-.LD, Man-
ager. .
riDI C» in-Most beautiful spot In Lak*
LAKLjuAU County. The mineral springs am
famous for marvelous cures when all elsa
falTed especially In stomach, liver, kidney an \j
bladder affections. Superior accommodation^
110 lir week Fine roads, trout fishing an^
deer'hunUng Write W. R. McGOVERN. Carl./*
bad. Lake County. ,
PLfINTATION HOUSE,
Flehteen miles from Cazadero. on stage line.
Good trout nshing. plenty fruit, cream and
milk- free conveyance for parties of two or
more": grand redwood scenery. Address J.
LUTTRINGER. Seavlew, Sonoma County, op
apply E. KRUSE. 207 Front st.. S. F.. for par-
ticulars^ ' : *
Yosemite Camping Excursions.
Every day: $50 for 12 days from S. F.: eight
days in valley. Information at the Traveler
Office. 20 Montgomery st. Tickets at tha
Valley Road Office. 321 Market st.
LAUREL, DEL
LAKE AND HOTEL.
Climate, scenery, entertainment: non» bettes
In Lake Co.; gas Indoors and out. -
H. WAMBOLD.
Montgomery Sulphur Springs.
Natural hot mineral baths. . Good country
board. Rates $6 and $7 per week. MRS. J.
MONTGOMERY. Callstoga. Cal..
VfICFIMITF San Francisco to Chi-
I \J OL-ItII 1 !_• nese by railway.
Thence by Lumsden _ Co.'s coaches 60 miles
to Yosemite Valley. Round trip $32. Single
fare, in either direction, $16. J. M. HUTCH-
INGS. Agent. 19 Montgomery st., San Francisco.
SANTA CRUZ Mountains— A quiet foothill
ranch, located In Blackburn Gulch, 5 mllea
from Santa Cruz; delightful summer home la
the redwoods, running water; abundance oC
fruit: good table; terms. $3 per week; children/
under 10, $3. Address W. CKANDELL, Sanr«
• Cruz. Cal. V
OAK GROVE cottage, Saratoga; newly fur-
nished: good table; Congress Springs water;
team for drives. Address box 6, Saratoga.
MANZANITA. Station, near Mill Valley— or i
rooms, with board; good accommodations at
Manzanlta Villa. - . °;PRELIMINARIES OF THE COMING BATTLE OF BALLOTS
REPUBLICANS WILL RECOGNIZE THE
RIGHTS OF INDIVIDUAL VOTERS.
initial Convention Steps Taken
by the County Committee.
THE ' ' lon of the Republican
< Committee sii i
held last evening in Shiels
The itt< ndance of mem
spirii of harmony dis
a purpose on the par( of
'■• give San Francisco tipt
ment under the new char
ity ever before had.
. by-laws adopted last nipht
■r tho enlargement of the
a proper and legitimate man-
VVWIe the Beventy-two members
*,' the committee g:v" eacl
s^mbly District ample representation for
w laws provide
- for bringing to the committee's
active
- men of lar^e af
campaign work im
mediately preceding the election. The
purpose in view Is to brin« forward the
It tnents hip in the party
t<> advance the - I local gov
ernment. Men who cannot get time to
Berve the • ■ at a given
... : give a
th or more to help al"iis the good
The committi ■ ■ t nipht to
•mi r a system of appor
tionment for the nominating convention
under the new primary law has no pro
gramme, eems to be a senti
ment in favor of giving such amplitude
of popular - • ■ ■ li h precinct
in th>- city may have a delegate In the
Convention. The committee will report a
1.
Amonp R« ■ ... re is talk of
■.s forward an honored and capable
> 3everal eminent
: _ ■ ■ ■: the best
may be placed
( Supervts
\.-ik'-- the ticket
nil! not !>c a small gathering in the lnter-
»st of one man or one clique of men. It
will lie a large, representative convention
if the people. There is already consider
able talk about probable candidates. John
Lackmann is spoken •■: for Assessor. Dr.
Perrault is mentioned for Sheriff, Heyer
for Tax Collector, 1.. S. Whitcomh 'for
Recorder and Dr. Bunker for Coroner.
Phere will be no lack of good material,
md there is no lack of confidence In the
ability of the Republicans to win, pro
;iiied"the purpose to nominate a clean and
progressive ticket Is carried out.
The committee last night was called to
order by A. J. Ralsch, chairman. The
secretary. T. H. Pendergast, called the
roll and read the minutes of th» preeed
:ig me-' ing. G. A. Went worth, chairman
if the committee appointed at th" last
.•neeting to prepare by-laws for the gov
ernment of the main body, read the result
if the ib-committee's labors. The rules
Dissented provided that the County Com
•nittee should be the governing body of
•he Republican party in Ran Francisco.
It would have For officers a chairman.
rice chairman, secretary, treasurer and
lergeant at arms. It provided that meet-
Tips could be called only after, two days'
jot!«~e. but this was changed on motion to
read twenty-four hours.
An executive committee of one delegate
Pears'
What is wanted of soap
for the skin is to wash it
clean and not hurt it.
Pure soap does that. This
is why we want pure soap;
and when we say pure,
we mean without alkali.
Pears' is pure; no free
alkali. There are a thou-
sand virtues of soap; this
one is enough. You can
trust a soap that has no
biting alkali in it.
All sorts of stores sell it, especially
druggists t all aorta of people use it.
to each Assembly district and nnp at large
w.is provided for; also an adivisory com
mittee of five and a finance committee of
nine. The by-laws further provided that
removals might be made by a majority
vote cf the members of the committee
i the vacancies bo made to he filled
by the chairman, his appointments t<> he
ra t iii.-.i bj a majoirty vote of the cnmmit
tee. 'l"hf regular meetings were set for
>t.i Thursdays of each month.
l^s to lie railed In the Inter
vening wi cks only after twenty-four
hours' notice.
These by-laws were adopted and the
chairman proceeded at once to call for
nominations for the offices not already
tilled and to appoint- the committees.
The executive committee was appointed
as follows: Thomas I): Riordan, at large,
chairman; Twenty-eighth District, James
H. Daly; Twenty-ninth, J. P. Glynn;
Thirtieth. Charles Berliner; Thirty-first.
H. J. McConneil; Thirty-second, John A.
Hoey: Thirty-third. J. F. Sullivan;
Thirty-fourth. Charles Mayer: Thirty
tifth. I. 11. Thompson; Thirty-sixth. A.
Davidson; Thirty-seventh, Fred Eggers;
Thirty-eighth, R. W. Roberts; Thirty
ninth, M. H. Smitn; Fortieth. Jesse
Marks; Forty-first, <'. G. Clinch: Forty
second. J. M. Chretien: Forty-third. H. N.
Gray; Forty-fourth, A. Ruef; Forty-fifth,
James McNair.
The finance committee was appointed as
follow?: James M. Smith (chairman),
Jacob Levy Jr., A. A. L,ouderback. David
Short. Horace Jackson, H. A. Steffens, J.
D. Daly, j. J. McGlynn, C. C. Morris.
The advisory committee was not ap
pointed.
Nominations for the unfilled offices were
then called for; John Ahearn was made
vice chairman and Bert Mahoney was
made serjeant-at-arms.
The following: resolution was then sub
mitted and adopted by the committee.
Resolved, That a committee of five be ap
pointed by the .-hair to prepare aivl rpi'.'i-t a
plan of apportionment of delegates to a 10.-al
ntion of ihf Republican party, to \q \ -•■■!
for at the local primary election whiqH Is '
bo h--]d in th» City ;md County of S.hii Kr:in-
MißUfi v . 1839, and to prepare all papers
and petitions necessary under required by
the laws of the State of California, Paid com
mittee to report at the next meeting of the
county committee, which shall be called by
the chair for a date not later than July 1, ITO.
In pursuance of this resolution the
chair appointed J. M. Chretien. A. Ruef,
1... E. Savage. Charles McGowan and Jo
seph Windrow as the committee to ap
portion the delegates.
This settled thee business for which
the committee had been brought to
gether, and it adjourned after the chair
man had announced that he would call
a meeting some time before the first of
July.
Those of the committee who were pres
ent at the meeting were: J. J. Daughney.
James Fallon, Charles Berliner. Fred
Wallace, Horace. Jackson, P. H. Pender
gast, H. J. McConnell, Edward I. Nolan.
J. J. McGlynn, John A. Hoey, P. J. Ha
gan. J. F. Sullivan, John Welsh, William
McHugh, Felix Dugan. Charles Mayer.
J. W. McCabe, I. H. Thompson, Joseph
Windrow, Bert Mahoney, A. Davidson,
Fred Eggers, G. A. Wentworth, A. J.
Raisch, C. C. Morris, R.W.Roberts, Frank
Grimes, Charles Breitenstein, David
Short. William Wilkinson. J. C. Steven
son, H. A. Steffens. T. D. Riordan. H. N.
Gray, H. J. Flynn. Martin Brady, A.
Ruef, E. M. Buckley, N. A. Smith. James
McNair, Thomas Sheehan, Harry Lewis
and Joseph Barbetta.
MILITARY RULE IN
IDAHO IS DENOUNCED
BIG MASS-MEETING AT METRO-
POLITAN HALL.
Labor and Building Trades Councils
Adopt Strong Resolutions — Prom
inent Speakers Voice Their
Sentiments.
Metropolitan Temple was crowded last
night in response to a rail fnr a mass
mer-ting held under the auspices of the
Labor Council, Building Tr.i.icp Council
and Affiliated Unions. The object of thn
meeting wns to voice a strong protest
against the establishment of military rule
;it Wardner, [daho, the scene of the re
cent miners' troubles.
Chairman P. U. McCarthy stated that
it was not a partisan or political protest
nut one in the name of humanity against
the methods employed by the Idaho au
thorities and General Mefriam.
Judge Highton, James Q. Maguire and
A. R. Andre addressed the audience in a
similar vein, and the following resolu
tions were adopted by unanimous vote:
Whereas. The horrors of the Ward
ner "bull pen" and the unconstitu
tional arts of Governor Steunenberg
and Brigadier General Merriam in
their treatment of the parties sus
pected of complicity in the destruction
of the Bunker Hill and Sullivan Hill
mines at Wardner, Idaho, continue in
spitp of protests from fill parts of the
country; and
Whereas. It is evident from the most
reliable sources thnt Governor Steun
enberg is a pliant tool of the mine
owners, combined to establish indus
trial feudalism in Idaho; therefore
be it
Resolved. By the citizens' mass- I
meeting called by the Labor Council
and Building Trades Council of San
Francisco that we protest against the
suspension of the writ of habeas cor
pus in time of peace; that we denounce
the suppression of free speech and
free press and the denial of "the right
of combination"; that we inndemn the
wanton brutalities of the "bull pen"
and that we call upon all trades
unionists and citizens in general to
make similar protest; and further
Resolved That we call upon Presi
dent McKinley. as commander-in-chief
of the army, to order the cessation of
the usurpation of power by the mili
tary; and further
Resolved, That we request the Cali
fornia Representatives to ;isk. on the
assembling of Congress, for a Congres
sional Investigation of the Wardner
brutalities; and further
Resolved. That the secretary of this
meeting wire these resolutions to
President McKinley.
Shu Francisco, CaL, June 14, 1899.
A telegram from Patrick Reddy, who is |
THE SAS FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 15, 1899.
now in Idaho, was read, in which he re
iterated the statements which were re
cently published in The Call regarding the
situation at Wardner.
"The lives and liberties of the miners
and laborers," he concludes, "are now in
the hands of one man— the executive of
Idaho, who has allied himself with their
adversaries and who has called in United
States troops to carry out the schemes
of the mine owners to increase their own
enormous profits by pauperizing, oppress
ing and starving the miners into abject
and absolute submission."
Mayor Phelan and Charles 1,. Fatten
sent letters of regret at being unable to
be present, while sympathizing with the
purpose for which the mass-meeting was
called.
■ ♦ ■
C. J. TRUMAN TESTIFIES.
Said Captain Hall Recognized Rulof
son as His Son.
T. J. Truman was called as a witness
yesterday in the action instituted by A.
I . Rulofpon, in which he seeks to re
cover the entire estate of the late Cap-
tain Wlnslow O. Hall, whom the plaintiff
claims was his adopted fater. Mr. Tru
man said that on many occasions when
he met Captain Hall he would speak to
him about Rulofson, when the witness
said Captain Hall always referred to as
his adopted son. Captain Hall said that
he had legally adopted Rulofson. Mr. Tru
man said, and also said that he always
intended to care for him and treat him
as he would his own son. Mr. Truman
was positive in his statements and was
an important witness for the plaintiff.
■ ♦ ■
ENCOURAGED BOYS TO STEAL.
Morris Seidman, the Junk Dealer, In
structed and Arraigned for Re
ceiving Stolen Property.
Morris Seidman. the junk dealer at 2."
Fourteenth street who eneouraped eipht
small boya to mutilate fourteen cars of
the Southern Pacific Company by steal
ing the brasswork mid selling: it to him,
appeared before Judge < 'onlan yesterday
morning on the charge of receiving stolen
property. He was instructed and ar
raigned and the case was continued till
to-morrow. The Southern Pacific is de
terminer] to mskn an oxamplp of Sold man.
The f-ipht boys arrested also appeared
in court and the parents of some were
present. The boys were repentant and
all agreed to he in court to-morrow to
testify and Bald they would not speak to
any one about the case. They were re
)• aaed on their own recognizance, as
there is no disposition on the part of the
company to punish them, as they were
the tool's of th.- junk dealer.
WILL FOLLOW THEIR
PASTOR TO THE GRAVE
FATHER FLOOD TO BE BURIED
WITH RELIGIOUS HONORS.
The parishioners of Sacred Heart
Church met last evening and made ar
rangementa tor the funeral of their lat ■
pastor, the Rev. Knt her Flood, which vill
be held from the church, corner of
Fell and- Fillmore streets. to-mor
row morning at M o'clock. Father
Flood's body will he followed to its last
resting place by all the different religious
societies In the parish. James C. Nealou
presided and li. I. Mulcreavy acted as
secretary. The funeral cortege will start
from the church after the ceremony is
over and proceed along Fell street to
Webster, along that thoroughfare to
Golden Gat. avenue, thence to Calvary
Cemetery. Colonel William P. Sullivan
Jr. was selected to act as marshal of the
funeral procession. The following gentle
men and ladles will assist the mars'nal in
making arrangements for the funeral:
James C. Nealon, James P. Dockery,
Harry I. Mulcreavy, J. B. Quein, J. c.
.Murphy. P. F. Dundon, Colonel Fi'z
patrick. Martin Mehern, L. Fitzgerald
Thomas Burke, Dr. W. B. O'Connell, Mi.ss
Arnold. Miss Cella Finnegan and Mrs. Dr.
D. F. Ragan.
The Young Men's Institute Branch No.
5, Young Men's Catholic Pnion. \oun«
Ladies' Sodality, Holy Angels' Sodality,
Children's Sodality. St. Vincent de l'.iul
Society. Conference of the Sacred Heavt
Church and the League of the v'mss
Cadets, Company B. will follow their dead
pastor to the grave.
The Following committee was appointed
to draft resolutions in memory of Father
Flood: Judge M. Cooney, J. w. Mc-
Carthy, Colonel J. C. O'Conner, Jeremiiii
Mahoney. William Stafford. Miss Arm.M
and Miss Celia Finnegan.
J. P. Dockery. Thomas \V. Burke. .1. B.
Quein and Harry 1. Mulcreavy were ap
pointed to assist Colonel Sullivan to mar
shal the funeral cortege.
Died on the Street.
An old man was found lying on Mission
street, between Third and Fourth, last
night in an apparently unconscious condi
tion. He was picked up and put in the
Southern station patrol wagon, when it
was found that he was dead, and the body
whs accordingly conveyed to the Morgue.
He hail nothing on nis person hut a few
Salvation Army meal and lodging tickets
and an employment office receipt made
out to P. Braulet
Advancer made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J, Noonao, 1017-IWI Mission.
DEMOCRATS SHOW NO REGARD FOR
REPRESENTATION OF MINORITY.
Delegates to the Convention to
Be Selected by Districts.
THE disgruntled "uitlandors" of the I
local Democracy marie their con
templated raid last night into the i
territory of the Committee of One
Hundred. They met their Kruegprs
dorp and were routed by the Boers under
the leadership of "Onm" Jasper McDon
ald. Major Barna McKinnie led the
charge, encouraging Ills followers by wav
ing a resolution calling for the enlarge
mi'iit of the Democratic Volksraad that
the privilege of a vote therein should lie
extended to at least fifty of the faithful
now in the hinterlands.
The major was ably supported by Ben
Wright and one or two others, but ijis
forces were impaled on chevaux do frise,
planted in the name of points of order by
"Oom" Loo Kaufman, and wqre allowed
to wriggle there, while "Oom" Jasper held
the disturbing resolution up in the air.
This action settles once for all, no mat
ter how much the "uitlanders" hope
otherwise, the Question of the enlarge
ment of the committee. The members do
not wish to confer any of their powers on
outsiders, and their vole last night shows
that they are sufficiently in the majority
to shut off any attempt to Increase their j
number.
The committee also decided on district,
as against precinct, election of delegates
to the coming convention. This was not
done, however, without a vigorous pro- |
tesj from several members, who claimed '
that the minority had sonif rights. The
committee also adopted the report of the;
committee of seven on apportionment.
This was not done without considerable
difference of opinion and discussion,
some acrimony and many appeals to the
fairness of the committee.
Probably the most important business
of the meeting was transacted just before
adjournment, when a resolution was in
troduced that the chairman of the com
mittee be empowered to appoint from its
membership an executive committee of
eighteen, one from each Assembly Dis
trict, with the chairman and secretary
added. to engage headquarters and use
all means necessary to enlist Democratic
voters in the campaign. Although the evi
dent purpose of the resolution was to put
the power of the entire Committee of
One Hundred in the hands of the twenty,
it was adopted with a rush. The chair
was given until the next meeting to make
up his mind.
It was 8:50 o'clock when Chairman Jas
per McDonald ascended the platform and
rapped the. committee to order. After
rollcall and the approval of the minutes
of the last meeting Secretary Walsh read
a communication from the Democratic
State Central Committee, heretofore pub
lished, urging the Committee of One
Hundred to so act in the apportionment
of delegates to the county convention as
to promote harmony in the party in this
county.
Pat Boland declared that the communi
cation was an unwarranted interference
with the affairs of the local committee,
and moved that the communication be re
turned to the State Central Committee.
\V J. McGee offered as an amendment
to the motion that the communication be
received and placed on rile. The amend
ment carried.
E P. E. Troy, chairman of the com
mittee appointed to learn whether any
Democratic office-holders were aiding or
abetting the movement to test the validity
of the charter, reported that assurances
had been received from all Democrats
elected at»the last election declaring that
they were not parties to any such suit,
and that they believed in sustaining the
charter. He read letters from Mayor Phe
lan Supervisors Byington. Deasy and
Lackmann, School Director Eells and
Brandensteln, Judges Conlan and Slogan,
Coroner Hill. Assessor Dodge and City
and County Attorney Lane to this effect.
The report, in which the. following reso
lutions were embodied, was then adopted:
Whereas. Certain officials of this city and
county are now contesting the validity of the
new charter: therefore, be it
Resolved, That the Democratic city and
county committee congratulate the Democratic
party upon the fact that not one of its nom
inees is to be found among these pledge break
ing enemies of our municipality; and be it fur-
Resolved That we congratulate the peopl? of
this city upon having elected some officials
who are faithful to the trust put in them and
abide by the platform of their party.
{•'mil Pohli, in the absence of Chairman
Bvington "f the committee on appor
tionment, then read the following report:
To ihe Democratic <~Hy and County Com
mltteet-Gentlemen: Tour committee appoint
ed to prepare a plan Of apportionment of the
delegates to the next municipal convention of
the democratic party. In compliance with the
primary law passed by the last Legislature, re
spectfully report? as follows:
1 That after earnest discussion and mature
deliberation of the various plans of apportion
ment suggested, such as at larjfe, or by ilis
tncts or by precincts, your committee unani
mously recommends:
2. That the apportionment be made upon the
LINCOLN MONUMENT.
The League Begins Active Steps for
Its Erection.
The. general committee of the .Lincoln
Monument League met last night in the
rooms of the Union League Club, Palace
Hotel, with President W. W. Stone in
the chair and Frank Elliott Myers secre
tary.
During the past year the Span
ish war has absorbed every interest and
comparatively little progress ; has been
made, but now the league will make re
newed efforts to accomplish the erection
of a monument to the memory of Lincoln
in Golden Gate Park.
The committee has had assurances from
wealthy citizens that just as soon as. suf
ficient progress had been made toward
the accumulation of a generous . fund
they would come forward with liberal
contributions.
It was decided that the aid of the Co
lonial Dames, Daughters of the American
Revolution, Children of the Revolution,
the various Woman's Relief Corps, the
Ladies of the Grand , Array of the Re- .
•.'■■ '-•.-.- «— - — ■--*-- '- -- .- 1
basis of the average Democratic vote cast at I
the last election in each of the eighteen as
sembly districts in this city ami county, and
that the officers of your committee hp Instruct- '.
ed to certify In the petition to be filed under I
the Jaw with the election commission that th" |
Democratic delegates to the local convenion |
are apportioned upon the basis of the average
Democratic vote cast at the last election in
SUCh combination of primary election precincts, !
established by said commission, as are In
cluded in and coterminous with the several
assembly districts.
3. Your committee, believing that the pres
ent primary law makes it possible that the ;
voters of this city, and not the bosses, may de
termine who shall represent them for the pur
pose of formulating the policy of the party |
and nominating the candidates for the offices
in their gift, deems it wise that the governing
body of the Democratic party in devising a
plan of nominating the delegates, should give
the voters the amplest opportunity for "home
rule" in that regard; hence, your committee I
earnestly recommends that the delegates in the !
several districts be nominated in such manner i
that every general election precinct shall be :
represented by at least one bona fide resident
elector. ,
4. Your committee further recommends that '
: there shall be one delegate for each sixty votes
and one additional delegate for a remainder of
thirty votes or over, and that your officers be
' instructed to certify such basis of representa
tion in said petition.
And in that behalf your committee herewith
States: That from the figures furnished by the
Registrar of Voters of this city and county, it
has h.-en determined that the average Demo
cratic vote in each of the eighteen Assembly
Districts is as follows:
Twenty-eighth, 888 32-52; Twenty-ninth,
1086 28-52; Thirtieth. 1023 38-52; Thirty-first.
1288 41-52; Thirty-second, <<7t; 31-52; Thirty-third,
1239 4H-52: Thirty-fourth, 1506 44-52; Thirty-fifth.
H>s4 25-52; Thirty-sixth. 1755 45-52; Thirty
seventh, 1634 30-52; Thirty-eighth, W» 20-52;
Thirty-ninth. 1352 35-52; Fortieth, 1492 24-52;
Forty-first, 134S 37-52; Forty-second, 988 1-52;
Forty-third, 7sft 47-52; Forty-fourth, Cl 4 12-62;
Forty-fifth, 617 4-52.
That by dividing the foregoing figures hy 60,
as suggested in this report, the number of
delegates to which each of the eighteen As
sembly districts will be entitled is as follows:
Twenty-eighth 15; Twenty-ninth. 18; Thir
tieth 17; Thirty-first, 21; Thirty-second. 16;
Thirty-third, 21; Thirty-fourth, 25; Thirty-fifth.
is; Thirty-sixth, 28; Thirty-seventh, 27: Thirty
eighth, 23; Thirty-ninth, 23; Fortieth, 25; Forty
first, 22; Forty-second, 16; Forty-third. 13;
Forty-fourth, 15; Forty-fifth, 10. Thus making
;. ■(invention of 354 delegates.
In conclusion, your committee, feeling that at
lust the time has come when the citizen may
freely and fearlessly express his individual
choice for representatives in the councils of
his party, calls' upon all those who have the
welfare of the Democratic party, as well as
the interest of our city, at henrt. to do their
utmost between now and the Sth of August
to arouse all Democratic citizens to an active
sense of appreciation of their civic duties and
privileges, to the end that a convention of in
dependent Democrats may meet to nominate
servants of the people, who will not only carry
out the letter but. the spirit of the new charter.
E. P. E. Troy vigorously opposed the
scheme to choose delegates to the County
Convention by districts. He declared that
the report did not comply with the spirit
of the law. which was intended to confer
the greatest possible measure of home rule
on the people of the city and prevent, as
far as possible, the usurpation of power
by the bosses. He maintained that under
the system outlined tn the report a man
with a* small, compact following In any
district could compel all candidates to
come to him. He thought tne precinct
plan the only one that would give all the
Democrats in the city a fair and full rep
resentation in the convention.
This view of the case was also taken by
Pat Boland. Clitus Harbour and several
other members, while M. C. Hassett took
it upon himself to champion the report in
a long speech, in which he reviewed the
history of the party in this cit" from 1882
to the present day. calling particular at
tentfon to the many disastrous defeats
which it had suffered in the past, all of
which, he said, was due to the lack of
proper organization. He argued that the
plan reported by the committee was the
best for the interests of the party and
public and others should be invoked, as
it was h^'.ieved that with their assistance
rapid progress would be made.
The chair appointed the following com
mittee of live to confer with all such so
cieties: S. M. Carr, Sheldon Sturgis,
Charles EdHman. .1. Murray Bailey and
Frank P^lliott Myers.
It was also decided to take such mea
sures as may be best for the purpose to
have incorporated In the proposed plan
and appropriation for the extension of the
park panhandle a provision to pet aside
the sum of $50,000, to help pay for the
Lincoln monument and to have the trib
ute placed If possible near the entrance
at the intersection with Van Ness ave
nue.
A. E. Saba tie's Estate.
The inventory and appraisement of the
estate of the late Alexander E. Sabatie
was filed yesterday. The estate is val
ued by the* appraisers at $135,282 12.
Justin McCarthy has a character
study of Pope Leo XIII in next Sun
day's Call.
i urged its adoption. Some of Hassett's re
, marks excited the ire of Boland and Bar- :
I hour, hut the report was finally adopted j
I by a big majority. ■
Major Barna MoKinnie then offered a ,
resolution, which hr said was intended to
promote harmony in the party by giving
representation in the committee to those
factions that had been ignored when the ■
' body was originally organized, Following
is the resolution:'
Resolved, That there be traded to this com- ,
mittee such number of members ns may be
necessary to Increase to a minimum of eight j
■ the delegations from each of the eighteen As- |
sembly districts In this city and county; that ;
those "members of this committee now residing
In each Assembly district which has less than
eight members herein propose to this commit
tee at lpast sufficient names of Democrats re-
Biding in their respective districts to bring up
their representation to eight; and that there
upon this committee proceed to elect sufficient
additional members from such districts to in
crease their representation to eight as herein
I provided. ; ; '- .'.■•'
Hassett objected to the proposed mi
i crease in the membership of the commit- :
tee, and Ben Wright came to the rescue,
; declaring that such an Increase as was
proposed was necessary as a matter of
justice to the outsiders. Howard Parke
raised a point of order, that under the
constitution the membership could not be :
increased. The wrangle over the reso- i
, lution increased, the point of order being
temporarily lost sight of, others being
drawn into the discussion. Parke ■ re
newed his point of order, but a moment
later withdrew it and subsided. All ap
. peared smooth sailing, when Leo Kauf-
man marlo tho same point that Parke had
raised, and although a determined at
tempt was made to choke him off, he in-
HisttMl on a ruling by t lie chair. While
the question was in abeyance, Sidney Van
WyCK moved that the chair appoint a
committee of three to select the sixty ad
ditional members, but his sarcastic sug
gestion was ignored.
McGee moved that the matter of legal
ity of the proposed increase he referred
to a special committee. There was no
second to the motion and Chairman Mc-
Donald at last ruled that Kaufmans
point of order was well taken.
Osgood Putnam appealed from the rul
ing of the chair, hut the appeal was lost
by an overwhelming vote.
M. B. Farrer then offered a resolution,
which was adopted, empowering the
chairman to appoint an executive com
mittee to consist of eiKhteen members c.f
the committee of one hundred, said execu
tive committee to he authorized to hire
halls and do everything necessary to fur
ther the interests of the party in the
coming campaign. The chair was given
his own time in naming the executive
committee. An adjournment was then
taken, subject to the call of the chair.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
When we read of an elephant fiunter who
has been trampled to death in the wilds of
India, we wonder at the foolhardiness of a
man who will travel round the world and
endure all manner of hardships, in order to
court death in a far away jungle. A man
does not have to make a journey to India
in order to court death in a manner equally
foolhardy.
Thousands of hard working men are daily
courting death in a much more certain
form, without ever leaving their native vil-
lages or cities. They are the men who neg-
lect their healtn. They are the men who
court death from consumption, or some
other deadly disease due to improper or
insufficient nourishment. The man who
suffers from bilious or nervous disorders,
who has a weak stomach and an impaired
digestion, who has lost the power to eat,
rest or sleep, and who fails to take prompt
steps to remedy these conditions, is court-
ing death in the guise of some fatal malady.
Dr. Pierce s Golden Medical Discovery
cures 08 per cent, of all cases of bronchial,
throat and laryngial affections that lead up
to consumption. It soothes the cough,
facilitates expectoration and restores the
lost appetite. It corrects all disorders of
the digestion, makes the assimilation of
the life-giving elements of- the food perfect.
It invigorates the liver and purifies and en-
riches the blood. It is the great blood-
maker, flesh-builder, nerve tonic and re-
storative. It is the best of all known med-
icines for nervous disorders. Dealers sell
it and have nothing else "just as good "
" I had a had cough and got so low with it that
I could not sit up." writes Mrs. Mittie Gray, of
New London. Union Co., Ark. " Our family
physician told my husband that I had consump-
tion. I had pains through my chest and spit up
blood. I took your ' Golden Medical Discovery '
and it cured me. It saved my life."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
•-• • 9-9-9-9-9-9 • O
? Wash Goods:
• Sensation! ;
! To=day at 10 o'clock i
• And Until Sold, •
; CORDED LAWNS, J
• 3g y apd - ?
t T
• Corded Dimity Lawns, ?
9 Wnite grounds. Neat sprig j
! and floral designs in the new 9
• colorings. Specially reduced from 1
9 12|c to • i
« lOC yard. 9
— T
• TRIMMED HATS, •
• Direct from •
9 Fifth Avenue, •
9 New York. 1
I Several New York Pattern Hats T
I received by express from a Fifth f
• aye. milliner are now on exhibition #
L in our show windows. Decidedly L
I novel effects shown for the first ;
© time in San Francisco. •
• Spanish Turbans, •
m English Walking Hats. •
g% i
I A good collection of Trimmed |
y Hats, including some Paris, Lon- £
9 don and New York patterns im- !
I ported earlier in the season, ,
. $5.00. t
9
• Untrimmed Hat Shapes, L
: 25c. i
9 I
i Guaranteed •
• Taffeta Silk, 9
9 Does your Taffeta break or I
' crack ? Of course it does. Only •
I one maker guarantees his taffeta. £
0 His name on every half yard. We |
I are exclusive agents. •
• $I»15 yard. I
I ' q
2 Weinstock,:
t Lubin !
i & co., ;
; MARKET AND TAYLOR STS. •
%— 9—9-9— 9 — ♦ — •-^~0~»-<>
ALASKA GOLD FIELDS
Cape Nome, Golovin,
St. Michael,
Dawson,
AND ALL POINTS ON
YUKON RIVER.
The Elegant Commodious
S. S. CHAS. NELSON
ANDERSON. Master. jEpyj
j Sailing on TUhSDAV. June 20th,
at 4 p. in., from Mission-st.
Wharf No I.
For passage and rates of freight apply to
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION
COMPANY
139 POST ST., S. F.
FASCINATING /^
COMPLEXIONS|«*f
Thnt soft, smooth, rose-tinted *f^j9lt, £'
complexion so much desired can \«2£^*^
be obtained by the use of WOODBURV'S Facial
Eoap and Facial Cream. They possess marvel-
ous power for brightening the* color, giving
new life and tone to the skin; beautifying: anl
preserving the complexion.
Eyeglass
Cannot
Slip, tilt or pinch with our new clip (50 cents).
Bausch & Lamb-Zeiss Stereo Field Glasses,
four varieties Eastman New Folding Pocket
] Kodaks No. 2, and all photo supplies. Th«
best only New catalogue free.
Oculists' prescriptions filled.
Factory on premises.
Phone Main 10.
DPTICIANS< H0I 5 .
642 Market St. instruments
inn* cnomci s """ «"•«>
000000000000000000
g™ PALACE **?%
%GRAND hotels q
_ BAN FRANCESCO.
Connected by a covered passajceway. "
: ** Room?— 900 w: h Bath Attached O
i O All Under One Management. O
! O NOTE TBS PRICES: . O
O European Plan. 81.00 per day and upward Q
D American P!an.s3.oU per day And upward _
•* . Correspondence Solicited. ™
! O . JOHN 0. KIBEPATRICK. M»n»gar. O
00 00000 00000000000
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful apbrodieine and specific torn->
i for the . sexual and urinary oreauß of both
j sexes. &nd a great remedy for diseases ot tba
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative.
; lnviKarator and . Nervine. . Sells .on its own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
t 322 Market stieet. S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
g§?l&Da.flALL'S REIN VIGOR ATOR
9HH^§fiH| Five hundred reward for any
2 m *^ case we cannot cure. This secret
In X remedy stops all losses In 24
|EI Bt?ff hours, cures Emissions. Impo-
tyjn kViIM tency, Varlcocele, Gonorrhoea,
itSa IteM Gleet. Fits. Strictures. Lost
wHI_HH Manhood and all wasting effects
BC^. ;-£-~' ;■ of self-abuse or excesses. aent
sealed. {2 bottle: 3 bottles, $5; guaranteed to
cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, 865 Broadway. Oakland, Col. Also
(or sale at 1073% Market St.. S. F. All prlvau
AlicMW ftuJrJ<Uc cured. Send {or Ire* book.
56
IHURSDAY JUNE 15, I**99
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE MarKet and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main IS6S.
I niTORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
AMUSEMENTS.
California— "The Turtle."
Columbia — "The Liars."
Grand Opera House— "El Capltan."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Alcazar — "The Master of Ceremonies."
Tivoll— "La Fille de Madame Ane.-vt." -
unbra — "Trovatore."
Chutes Zoo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening:.
Olympta— Corner Mason and Ellis streetH— Specialties.
Interstate Panorama Co., Market street, near Eighth— Bat-
tle of ManiK nay. jg&jßj
Sutrn It.ithK Swimmlno Rnpea »t^
AUCTION SALES.
:iivan *■ r>r>yle This day. at 11 o'clock, Horse?, at
' 'iW.»la street. '
WHERE IMPROVEMENTS ARE NEEDED.
AT the meeting of the Board of Supervisors on
Monday Supervisor Holland introduced a
resolution calling the attention of the Mayor
and the members of the board to the numerous de
lays in the completion of the contract for the con
struction of the Hall of Justice building, and also to
the alleged discrimination in street improvements
- been practiced against that portion of ' the
civ lying cast of Kearny street and north of Cali
fornia.
The subject is one which merits all the attention
and consideration it is likely to receive. The delay
in the construction of the Hall of Justice is an old
subject of complaint In fact, it constitutes some
thing like a public scandal, and it is to be regretted
there is no way of indicting some penalty upon the
- who have been and are responsible for it.
That, however, is but a minor factor in the general
problem of providing improvement for that impor
■ ;ection of the city.
There may have been some discrimination in favor
of other districts in making public improvements, but
even if so Supervisor Holland is not justified in at
tributing it to anything else than the apathy of prop
■. ners in the district alleged to have been neg
lected. There is. of course, a continual struggle for
street improvements of all kinds, in which all sections
of the city take part, but as a rule the improvements
are made where the property-owners are most ener
getic in striving for them.
The trouble with the section of the city lying east
of Kearny and north of California is that it is under
going a transformation. It was once the center of
ss activity, and a large proportion of its build
ings were constructed to suit the retail trade and the
cftice work of what San Francisco was twenty years
ago. That sort of patronage has now deserted its old
quarters and sought the newer buildings and better
facilities that exist elsewhere. The old district re
mains to be fitted for the growing wholesale trade,
and when buildings well adapted for that purpose are
[i ted there, and the streets put in good con
dition for the heavy traffic of wholesale business, the
property will yield better profits than ever before.
It is certainly right to expect the city to do what
it can to improve that as well as other sections, but it
right to expect the property-owners to do
something for themselves. That district must be al
ways valuable. The retail trade may shift with the
passing years from one location to another, but the
wholesale trade is fixed to the water front by the
tions of its business. It will of course be
1 benefit to the whole city to have a well built
up and well paved wholesale district, and there will
rdial sympathy with any effort made to accom
plish it.
JUDICIAL CONFIRMATION.
IN The Call of Monday last the view was expressed
that the case of Hunt vs. Ward, decided by the
Supreme Court of this State and much discussed
by the bar as well as by the general public, could
be reconciled with the proposition that the consti
tutional and statutory liability of stockholders for
their proportions of bonds issued by street railway
companies would accrue when the bonds matured
and not when they were issued, and, therefore, that
the outstanding bonds of the Market Street Railway
Company and of the six pre-existing corporations
that formed parts of its consolidation had not been
divested of their essential protection.
In the case of Johnson vs. Bank of Lake, just de
cided by the Supreme Court, this opinion receives
substantial confirmation. That action was brought
to enforce against the defendant, itself a corporation,
its persona! liability as a stockholder in the Lakeport
Agricultural Association for its proportionate share
of a fee earned by an attorney. In supposed cor
respondence with the law declared in Hunt vs. Ward
it was insisted that the personal liability was complete
when the contract for sen-ices was made, and that as
the action was commenced more than three years
after that date the defendant was protected by the
Statute of limitations. The Supreme Court refuses to
recogiii/e this practical annulment of the State con
stitution and of a provision of the Civil Code, and
holds that there was no indebtedness due from the
Lakeport Agricultural Association to its attorney un
til his services had been performed, and that until
then the stockholders were not personally liable and
the statute of limitations had not begun to run in their
favor. The opinion is written by Mr. Justice Hen
shaw and concurred in by Mr. Justice Temple and
also by Mr. Justice McFarland, who wrote the
opinion in Hunt vs. Ward. In the course of a full
l>ut compact discussion of the record this language is
used: "In each case the time of the creation of the
liability is to be determined by the terms and con
ditions of the contract itself." This proposition ap
plies to street railway bonds, when originally issued,
lor by "the terms and conditions of the contract," if
the interest i^ paid, there is no principal indebtedness
due until maturity.
The judgment of the Superior Court, which har-
Toni/cd with the interpretation that has been fre
quently given to Hunt vs. Ward, was reversed. This
ruling of the appellate tribunal is consistent with
other cases referred to by The Call, to the effect that
the liability of a corporation and the personal liabil
ity of its stockholders accrue simultaneously, and is
reassuring to the holders of the street railway bonds
that elicited our comments, who, if they had to de
pend upon the mortgage securities, the value of
which is certainly decreasing, and upon insufficient
jinking funds, would be in a very precarious situa
tion. It does not, alter, however, in a financial sense,
the legal aspects of the bonded indebtedness guaran
teed and created by the Market Street Railway Com
pany.
CUBA LIBRE.
• *" I "HE order issued to \>ur military authorities to
: ! disarm the people of Cuba has produced its
* legitimate effect. The people are hiding their
: arms and keeping their powder dry. We have them
under all the restraint and vexation of military gov
ernment. They have no voice in the simplest police
regulation, none in the imposition of taxes. The
fragments of Poland are not more cowed under the j
German, the Austrian and the Cossack, than Cuba \
under "the Hag of the free."
; We have quoted already from the official declara- ]
tions binding the United States, made in the speeches
of Representatives and Senators in our Congress one
year ago. These declarations cannot be forgotten.
They cannot be concealed. They cannot be de
stroyed.
Senator Morgan, referring on February 23. 1808. to i
a. former resolution of belligerency, said: "At the
1 time of that declaration the proceeding of extermina
tion by military order that had been instituted in the !
island of Cuba by General Weyler was just in process!
of development. Many of us cast anxious eyes to
the future and saw, or thought we saw. the terrible
disaster that was about to fall upon the Cuban people
in virtue of that military order. Rut the method of
! conducting that war by the Spanish Government
never imposed upon us a requirement that we should
declare that a state of war existed in the island of
Cuba, for we could not reckon among the ideas of
civilized and christianized men that extermination I
of women and children was really a state of war. It
was cruel barbarity."
The Senator then described the substitution of
Blanco for Weyler as Captain General, and of auton- i
omy for "unconditional surrender," and said: "What
has caused this result but the arms of Cuba? What
but Gomez and his soldiers 1 Not the United States
Government. It is the arms of Gomez, his strategy.!
his great genius, followed by men who are willing to I
die for liberty, that have produced this offer on the
part of Spain of autonomy, approximating, if it does
not equal, that which the Canadian Government holds
I under the crown of Great Britain. The Cubans alone
have fought and won the revolution. Mr. President,
there has been in the history of nations scarcely any
event which equals that in its importance, and 1 may
say in its grandeur. The Cubans have fought their
revolutionary war and won it. Nothing remains for
them but to hold out until the proud kingdom of
Spain will be obhged to say, 'In place of autonomy
■ye giant you independence. 1 So the Cubans have
not fought in vain. I would much prefer to witness the
rinal triumph of the Cuban arms and the establish
ment of their independence in the .-pirit that ani
mated our fathers than to have the intervention of
the United State* to assist them as we had the in
tervention of France to assist us in getting our in
, dependence." As far back as 1896 the Senate passed
this concurrent resolution: "That a condition of
public wnr exists in Cuba between the Government of
Spain and the Government of Cuba; that the
friendly offices of the United States should be offered
by the President to the Spanish Government for the
recognition of the independence of Cuba." To this
the House added: "Believing that the only perma
nent solution of the contest, equally in the interest of j
Spain, the people of Cuba and other nations, would
be in the establishment of a government by the choice
of the people of Cuba, it i> the sense of Congress
that the Government of the United States should use
j its good offices and friendly influence to that end."
I These expressions of the House and the Senate were
I quoted and approved by Senators Lodge. Teller.
: Morgan. Thurjton, Foraker and others. Concerning
i Cuban independence Thurston said the American
! people ought to be at their altars, praying for it. "si-
Itntly, solemnly, with their consciences before God."
Senator Stewart, declaring that refusing bel
; ligerent rights to Cuba, which would permit her full
acquisition and use of arms, was helping Spain, said:
"Cuban independence is assured as soon as she has
belligerent rights, so that >he can defend them. It is
said Cuba had no ships. If the United States take
its hands off, the world stands ready to sell her
ships. She has the richest island in the world; she
is practically out of debt, and they would be eager to
sell her ships and munitions of war from every part
of the world."
Concerning the arms then in the hands of the
Cubans, Senator Mason submitted documentary
proof that every rifle had cost the Cubans $200. He
drew a picture of a nation compelled by the denial of !
belligerent rights to pay that enormous price for the
guns with which to shoot its way to independence.
All this was a little more than a year ago. Now
we have taken Spain's place in the military govern
ment of that island, and the American people are
asked to send there an army large enough to com- i
pel the Cubans to disarm and surrender the rifles
which cost them $200 apiece.
We desire to say these things now, before Ameri
can volunteers are righting in the fever-smitten
swamps of Cuba to complete the work of subjugation
which Spain abandoned when she offered autonomy.
The imperialist party in this country wants war in
Cuba. It wants the people goaded into armed pro
test. It wants them provoked into "firing on the
flag," in order that it may make a hollow-hearted ap
peal to American patriotism. But over against this
stand the unbroken line of official pledges, legisla
tive and executive, to the independence and self
government of the island. Close behind these events
walks the Genius of History. Her pen recorded the
name of Lafayette in living light. It wrote that of
Washington in letters that will be read until the last
day of time. It put in words that never die Ameri
can sympathy for the Irish rebels of '98, for the pa
triots of Europe who in 1848 broke thrones and
crowns from Skager Rack to the Adriatic, and for the
Suliote. the Sepoy, the Bedouin, when they struck
blindly for freedom. Let freemen who were reared
and nurtured in the principles of the Declaration of
Independence ask what she is writing while our im
perialists are summoning the sons of the people to
die in putting down a "rebellion" in Cuba.
OILING MONOPOLY WHEELS.
THE recent developments of the methods of the
Standard Oil Company before the Industrial
Commission at Washington, D. C, are of pub
lic importance and interest. The testimony of W.
H. Clark, published in The Call of" the 9th inst., is
a striking exhibition of the power and of the facili
ties of that particular monopoly. Its success in
stifling competition and in adapting its product to
the idiosyncrasies of its customers is unexampled and
almost incredible.
This star witness turned out to be a rich lead of
valuable specimens. He furnished several unique il
lustrations of the suppression of competition as a
preliminary to raising the price of oil. In one place
a timorous dealer was driven out of business by a
threat to reduce the price to one cent per gallon, and,
as a natural consequence, ultimately took refuge in
the poorhouse. In another town, where the oil busi
ness was conducted on leased premises, the Standard
Oil Company bought the property, and. seizing a fa
vorable opportunity, carted away the building. In
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 15, 1899.
1 stiil another small city the monopoly plied its busi
ness under the disguise of the Shomaker Oil Com
i pany, which lasted after all its rivals had been sub
dued.
The company was singularly fertile in its discrimi
nations, adapted to each locality where its exclusive
' right to sell oil was asserted. When the plan was
| safe it boldly furnished oil to different persons in the j
same neighborhood at the most flexible rates. One
j man could purchase at 7 cents per gallon, while his
| next-door neighbor had to pay o'4 cents. Where it
■ was considered inexpedient to parade favoritism to
; friends and hostility toward enemies or neutrals a
uniform price was charged and differential rebates
allowed. In the town of Newark twenty-five differ
ent figures applied to twenty-five classifications of
customers were used.
But tke greatest success of the company was in its
i imitation of the tricks of the prestidigitateurs. One
eccentric character at Newark would buy no oil that
, did not come from Cleveland. The word "Cleve
j land" was painted on a red cask and he was accom
modated. This reminds us of the story of a well
known gentleman in Oregon who received a large
sum for a Durham cow. and. when twitted with the
fact that the cow was of very common blood, inno
cently replied that he had supposed her to be a Dur
ham cow because he had bought her from a man
! named Durham
In many of the Standard Oil stores in Ohio Mr.
I Clark said that the process of supplying different j
qualities nf oil was simplicity itself. Eight gra#es
' were sold out of two tanks, and to change the grade
i* was only necessary tr> turn the faucet in contrary
directions. The miracle of the conjurers who pour
: out wines of different colors and qualities from the
j same bottle was reproduced as one of the features of
! the extensive trade that has made the philanthropy
; of Mr. Rockefeller apparently as inexhaustible as his
; income and his capital.
The narrative of Mr. Clark, which includes various
facetious adulterations of a standard article, strikes
the average Californian as familiar in principle
though new in some of its facts. The railroad dis
criminations, which converted each station into a
custom-house, where duties alternated between rev- j
enue, protective and prohibitory tariffs, have been
understood and appreciated in this State for many
years. The second-hand cars and sleepers that have'
illustrated the economical administration of rail
road business, made possible by the absence or the
; destruction of competition, have induced frequent
contrasts between the West and Hast. The treat
ment of passengers and of freighters has included
every form of rudeness and urbanity, through which
 the blessings and the curses of a soulless monopoly
could be distributed, without any distinction between
Mount Gerizim and Mount Ebal.
We suspect that there are points of resemblance
between Mr. Rockefeller and Mr. Huntingdon, and
it is deeply to be regretted that their beneficent simi
larity is incomplete.
THE TURKS AND THE CONFERENCE.
SOME signs of trouble, we are told, are visible
before the Peace Conference by reason of the
appearance at The Hague of a noted agitator
seeking to induce the conference to take some ac- j
tion in favor of Armenia against the Sultan. The I
Turkish delegates are reported to have demanded his
expulsion not only from the city hut from the Neth
-1 erlands. under a threat of retiring from the confer
ence if the demand be not granted.
In that way the old Turkish problem arises once
more to confront European diplomacy and disturb
its dreams of peace. From the very day when it was
made known that the conference would .assemble
there came from Southeastern Europe and from Asia
■ Minor the sound of revolutionists, patriots and agi
tators of all kinds making preparations to appear be
fore the conference witli clamors for redress. The j
speaker for Armenia is but the advance guard of a
host of similar agitators who will swarm at The
Hague unless prompt steps are taken to head them
off.
Some time ago there was organized in the Balkan
states a body calling itself the "Central Macedonian
Committee," which started a movement to bring
force to bear upon the conference to induce it to j
recommend a revision of the Berlin treaty and a re
organization of the Balkan states as a preliminary to
the e>tabli<hment of peace. About the same time
Montenegro began to assert claims for a reversion
of Old Servia, and talked of sending delegates to the
conference to demand the annexation of that state ',
before permanent peace should be made. Prompted, j
■ doubtless, by the general movement around them,
the Albanians broke out and for a while threatened
to cause a war without waiting for the conference.
The Central Macedonian Committee is said to
represent the aspiration of the Christians of Mace- J
donia, Thrace and Turkish Roumelia to escape from
Moslem domination by bringing about the annexa
tion of those territories with Bulgaria, thus raising
that state to one of considerable power. The Bul
garians of course would gladly co-operate with them
. in any efforts they should make for accomplishing
' the union. The forces behind the movement are
i therefore sufficiently strong to constitute a serious
menace to the existing situation.
The promoters of alj these movements in the
T!.ilkans niade the mistake of beginning too early, or
at least of announcing their intentions too early. In
formation of what was under way was conveyed to the
Czar, and he promptly took steps to prevent the pur
posed disturbance of his conference. By bringing
pressure to bear he stopped all proceedings so far
as Bulgaria. Macedonia. Montenegro and Albania
are concerned, but it seems he overlooked Armenia,
' and now a cause of disturbance comes from that
quarter.
As this is a world in which it is the unexpected that
happens, it would be quite in accord with the natural
order of things if the proceedings of the Peace Con
ference should produce so much disappointment in
the Balkans as to arouse a spirit of universal revolt
in that part of the world and thus precipitate the long
threatened war that is to involve all Europe. Certain
it i> that with these ominous warnings, sounding a
muffled accompaniment to the peace music at The
Hague, the wary war lords of the nations are not
i likely to agree to disarmament or even to the set
tlement of all international questions by arbitration.
Harry Fisher, a Brooklyn welter-weight, was hit
in the breadbasket Monday night by "Mistah" Joe
Walcott. The press dispatches announce that he
threw up a sponge. It's a wonder he stopped at that.
Professor Hyslop announces his belief that there is
j life after death. To demonstrate his theory he will
j make various tests on departed subjects. The Barnes
, Senatorial boom would about fit his case.
The gas company has again shown its solicitude
for the public. By cheapening the price of the illu
minant it has placed death by carbon monoxide poi
soning within the reach of the poorest.
The conference of charities is seeking a solution of
the tramp problem. Why not try soap factories?
MASCOT OF THE
20TH INFANTRY
ARTHUR GLI'CKMANN, thirteen
years of age. who had the dis
tinction of being the "mascot"
of the Twentieth Infantry, re
turned from Manila on the transport
St. Paul yesterday and is now at the
family residence, 2126 Bush street. He
was wounded in the left knee by an
insurgent bull^j; and confined in the
hospital for seventeen days.
He is a bright, manly little fellow
and tells his experiences with the army
at the front with hearty outbursts of
laughter. His being wounded and the
fact that he was introduced to Ad
miral Dewey are to him as ordinary
occurrences. His story is best told i
his own words:
"I left San Francisco for New York
last September with the First New
York Volunteers. I had a desire to see
the world and thought that was the
beat way to do it. I camp back here on
January 26th last and left on the same
day with the Twentieth Tnfantry on
the transport Scandia. now the War
ren. The hoys immediately made me
their 'mascot.' and treated me splen
didly. My father and mother. did not
know where T was, so when we arrived
at Honolulu I wrote to them saying 1
was going to Manila.
"I saw action at Caliente. Malolos,
Fagbasc River, r a lumplt and nt Appal
lette. which was tlie last engagement
of the Filipino war. It was at Callente
that r was wounded. On March 16 we
were suddenly attacked by the insur
gents and we were told to lay low.
The bullets were whistling around us
pretty thickly and we were given the
order to advance by the right flank. I
suddenly discovered that I had lost
my revolver and remarked to a man
next to me that he would have to give
me his if T was disabled. We came to
a small river and I got on a soldier's
back and got across. While we were
running ft bullet plowed up the ground
a foot away from me. and some one
said it was a pretty close shave. I an
swered "It was all right.' and at that
moment I felt a sharp sensation in my
left leg .iust above the knee, and 1
knew I had bee»i hit. Here Is the
bullet hole in my trousers now. Dr.
McCollum cut out the bullet and a few
days later the chaplain of the Thir
teenth Minnesota presented it to me as
a memento.
"I had anotner narrow escape on March 15th. "WV had crossed the Pasig
River and were ;?oing up trie road when a man was shot right alongside of me.
I went into a house t<> Investigate a little, and when I opened a window
twenty rifles from as many American BOldiers wei leveled at me. They took
me for a Filipino. The major doctor of the regiment ylled out 'Don't shoot;
it's our mascot!'
"I had the pleasure of shaking hands with Admiral Dew ey, and there is
one thing I would like to say; his pictures don't look a bit like him. They
never get his mustache just right. I slept on tin- flagship on thp night of May
Ist. the anniversary of th«- big enga^prr.^nt. you know. The next day Dewty
took me oujt in his launch. I forg n to say that when he first met me he
said, 'Who is this little lad? 1
"They told him I was the mascot of the Twentieth Infantry, and he re
plied: 'I am very glad to meet you.' "
Master Gluckmann is already making plans for the fir-ire and unless pre
vented by his parents will likely carry them out. He saya that he Intends to
work for Douglas Young, the United States agent for the Manila Freedom,
who is now in this city.
The mascot, clad in his rf-gimental p. took his little sister to the Orpheum
last night and attracted a great deal of attention.
A PROTEST IN THE NAME OF TRUTH
Addressed to Governor Roosevelt and all who support the policy of which he
is so distinguished an advocate— "ln the tropical, withering heat of the Philip
pines, fighting for the glorious flag wilh the .same motive you Grand Army men
fought with in 1864, are your sons find their comrades." Taken from Governor
Roosevelt's speech at General Grant's tomb at Claremont, New York. May 30, 1599.
L'rg*-, if you will, the vowth of this broad land
K< ■i.-kleas the ora, familiar way to tread
The blood-stained path of conquest seeking gain.
But pluck no laurels from our patriot dead.
Theirs was no trader's greed; no thirst for rule;
In the fierce heat of fratricidal strife
They faced a foe as valiant as themselves
And gave their own to save a nations life.
For the bright hope of human brotherhood.
Creed ■ ■( brave hearts in every clime to-day.
The "ethics of the jungle" substitute
And ape the tiger eager for his prey.
Stil! prate of glory while you kill for gain;
The mighty work our fathers wrought undo;
Incito the strong to trample on the weak;
Oppress the many to enrich the few.
Send forth, like vultures scenting carrion.
Our hosts to slay beneath a tropic sun.
But let them claim no kin with those who fought
To free the slave, to keep our country one.
Los Angeles, Cal.
ROBERTA STEARNS.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
BOSTON'S BONDED DEBT— J. J.. city.
The bonded debt of the city of Boston,
; Mass.. is about $31,000,000.
SUBMARINE VESSELS— J. C. City,
j The submarine vessels of France can re
' main below the surface for ten hours.
WHTTTIER SCHOOL— G. S.. City. Gov
-1 ernor Gnge had not on the 17th of May
appointed the Trustees of the Whittier
i School. _
EXEMPTION— B.. City. The tools or
| implements of a mechanic or artisan
I necessary to carry on his trade are ex
! empt from attachment on execution.
PENSION MONEY- T. P. C, Yount
ville. Cal. Congress at its last held ses
sion passed a law requiring inmates at
soldiers' homes to give a portion of their
pension to their families.
A DIME OF "94— C. H.. City. A dime of
]<>Pi is worth 10 cents, unless it be one of
twenty-four that were coined in that year
in the San Francisco branch mint, and
which are not in circulation.
A QUOTATION— H. A. F.. Oakland.
Cal. This correspondent wants to know
who is the author of "All undertakings
or questions lead to a question of money."
Can any reader of this department tell
him? _,
ERRORS IN BASEBALL— J. G. S-, Sac
ramento, Cal. It is not an error in base
ball when a ball is batted to a man if it
simply touches his hands and he does
not hold it, but it is an error if he re
ceives a ball fairly and he does not
hold it. .
FARMING AND MERCANTILE— A. B.
D., Oakland, Cal. It was estimated that
on the Ist of last January the population
of the State of California was 1.408,130.
There are no statistics showing what the
proportion of the farming and the mer
cantile class is, and will not be until the
! next census is taken.
BEAUTIES OF THE RAMBLER— R.
S.. City. There is no market price for
such books as "The Beauties of the Ram
bler," by G. Kearsley, 1787. Such a work
is worth just what any librarian would
be willing to pay for it should he desire
it, and much would depend on the condi
tion and scarcity of the work.
TOO INDEFINITE— F. A., Philo, Cal.
The description furnished of the silver
coin you are possessed of Is too indefinite
to admit of its identification. Persons
asking questions about coins must fur
nish a full description of the inscription
and date, and better still, send a rubbed
proof of the coin, which can be obtained
by rubbing a pencil on a piece of paper
held firmly on the coin.
ASKING TOO MUCH— W. F. M., Napa,
Cal. There are no aggregate or figures
to show the amount of taxes paid in the
State of California "on the entire wine
business, the fruit business in all its
branches and on all kinds of mining." To
obtain this information would necessitate
the searching of the books of county offi
cers of each county in the State and the
seggregation of the value placed on each
industry.
NAVAL VOLUNTEER— Anxious Moth
er and others. The medals that the citi
zens of California will, through the Na
tive Sons of the Golden West, present to
the volunteers, will be given to all volun
teers who enlisted in the State of Cali
fornia, whether in the army or navy. The
idea is expressed by the committee having
charge of the matter is "to present a
medal and certificate to every man .who
enlisted In the State of California' for
service in the late war with Spain, re
gardless of where he was born and irre
ppiMUive of the fact whether he saw
actual service or not. It Is sufficient
that he enlisted for service."
VERY SPECIAL LINES
F"OR
SUMMER USE!
WASH GOODS !
A lot of PRINTED MADRAS, 37 inches wide, a fine close fabric, stripe*
and checks, will be placed on special sale at
1O Cents per yard.
A lot of fine 15c ORGANDIES. 81 Inches wide, latest colorings and de-
signs, having been delayed In delivery, are placed on sale at
8 1-3 Cents per yard.
RIBBONS! "RIBBONS!
ALL-SILK 4-INCH BLACK MOIRE RIBBON, extra value at
2O Cents per yard.
ALL-SILK 24-INCH COLORED MOIRE RIBBON, extra heavy, at
IS Cents per yard.
A special lot of extra quality BLACK SATIN nn.l GROS GRAIN RIB-
BON, 4^ inches wide, valtia 10c, will be sold at
:2S Cents per yard.
Ladies' Tailor-made Suits and
Underskirts.
So HANDSOMELY LINED TAILOR-MADE BUTTS of new and season-
able material, with fly-front jackets and neatly bound skirts
At $4.90 each.
150 LADIES 1 FANCY METALLIC UNDERSKIRTS imperial lot) with
Spanish llounce and double ruffle, valued at $2, will he <*oid
, At $I.2seach.
if if Murphy Building. J
Market anil Jones Streets.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Ex-Supervisor Judge Ansel of Stockton
is visiting this city on law business.
John H. Millzner, a prominent mining
man of Tucson, Ariz., is stopping at the
Grand.
State Surveyor General M. J. Wright
came down from Sacramento yesti
and is among the guests at the Grand.
Marion Biggs Jr.. the wealthy banker
and farming man of Oroville, arrived in
this city yesterday and is registered at the
Grand.
A. S. J. Holt. Pacific coast agent of th»
Pennsylvania lines, with headquartt
this city, left yesterday for Vancouver
and Puget Sound points oft business con
nected with his road.
Mme. Yacco, the dainty actress of Jap
anese legitimate drama who has been de
lighting San Francisco audiences I
week past, entertained a hundred or more
of her new-made friends at tea in t c
maple room of the Palace last evening.
Miss May Gerievieve Maroney, the ta -
ented pianiste. left yesterday for thi
on a visit to some relatives, with who
she will remain for some months. It 9
quite likely that Miss Maroney will pr
ceed to * Europe to pursue her musica
studies.
H. A. Noble, a capitalist of Seattle, and
bis wife are registered at the Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. Noble accompany their
daughter, Mrs. Leigh Hnnt, to this city.
Mrs. Hunt will leave on the next China
steamer for Korea, where h^r husband ia
engaged in mining on an extensive seal*.
Mr. Hunt was the founder and until lately
editor of the Seattle Post-Intelligencer.
F. D. Schuyler. until recently the only
Chinese inspector in charge of the Seattle
district, arrived in this city from there
yesterday, lie has heen ordered by the
Secretary of the Treasury to report to
the Collector of the Port for duty, and
will be assigned as assistant to J. R. Dun,
chief Of the Chinese bureau. Mr. Schuyler
has made some clever captures of Illegally
landed Chinese and will prove a valuable
addition to the local force. He was form
erly stationed in New York City.
CALIFORNIAN S IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, June 14.— William B. Dul
ley, wife and child of San Francisco are
at the Imperial; Walter Drake of San
Francisco is at the Gilsey. The follow
ing sailed to-day on the St. I^ouis for
Southampton: Mrs. H. Barroilet. Charles
J. Service and wife of San Francisco, and
Mrs. Leland Stanford and maid of Palo
Alto.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, June 14.— M. R. Doug
lass; of San Francisco is at the Raleigh.
James Carter of San Francisco is at tho
Ebbitt House.
ESTATES OF THE DEAD.
Wills of Caroline B. Watson and Par-
ker Merrill Filed.
The last will of Caroline B. Watson,
who died on thf> 9th inst., tfas filed for
probate yesterday. Decedent bequeaths
$5000 to her mother. Sarah J. Barry, who
resides in Brooklyn, N. Y. The residue
of the estate, which is valued at over
$10,000, is devised to Douglas S. and Ar
thur B. Watson, son? of the testatrix.
The will of Parker Merrill, who died
June 6, leaving property valued at $18,000,
was also filed. The testator's widow.
Mary Ann Merrill, is given a life estate
in the entire property and after her death
it is to be distributed among various rela
tives of the deceased.
■ ♦ ■
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townßend'3.*
Trunks, valises, traveling rolls, belts,
purses. Best goods, best values at San
born & Vall's, 741 Market street. ♦
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), olu Mont-
SC/Uiery street. Telepnone Main 104 i •
Charged With Kidnaping
John J. Kfrngan, the hackman. ana
Wong Yue were booked at the City Prison
yesterday on a charge of kidnaping in
connection with the disappearance of Ah
Moi on Monday morning. The police are
still searching for the abducted girl, but
as yet have found no trace of her.
Bock Island Route Excursions.
Leave San Francisco every Wednesday, via
Rio Grande and Rock Island railways. Through
tourist sleeping cars to Chicago and Boston.
Manager and porter accompany these excur
:hrough to Boston. For tickets, sleeping
car accommodations and further lnformAlon
addr*H CLINTON JONES. General Agent
Rock Island Railway. 6M Market St., S. F.
Ihe Bio Qrande Western Railway
Take pleasure in announcing the Inauguration
June 1. 1898, of a complete dining-car servic*
between Ogden and Denver on all transconti
nental trains. Service a la carte. General of-
See, 14 Montgomery «t.
Avoid all danger of disease from drinking
Impure water by adding 10 to 20 drops of Dr.
Siegert's Angostura Bitters to a glass.ADVERTISEMENTS. .
2fl SEE WHAT IS
M if SAID ABOUT
" Uo "OLD DUTCH" CARPETS.
Absolutely the Best Fabric as a Floor Covering
Ever Offered- considering t: c Cot
GpnoraUy in broad or narrow richly colored strips, and modept ground work; quaint and
Uj,^!, ? " J would call V lO , 171 ' 1^ pretts - Have H4n ends of warp against 1080 ends..
~O^ m^r^'^^vy^a^a^a^
THE SELF OR SOLID c%C\~
COLORED J£<jG
™trt&%\3!£ nnamon. dark blue, tan. tt'^1 4 and tnouca COlor effects;
■ ol flllines at al i«t 'Hinrtfr the onet
OLD IH-TCII CARPETS - all made in Philadelphia, are excellent for sanitary pur-
f^«e», nnci are absolutely moth and tW proof.
«*w hrtnK ! nK "'T nej fabric to y.,- Jr notice, we can only add that they have boon
u^d for years in New ■> rk. Boston and Philadelphia, giving entire satisfaction.
ART CARPET CO.,
228 POWELL. Near Geary.
ACCUSED OF
BEING BOLD
HIGHWAYMEN
Three Coo perage Boys
Arrested.
ROBBED A CHINESE COOK
THE CHARGE IS INDIGNANTLY
REPUDIATED.
Judgt» Treadwell After Hearing thi*
Circumstances Releases the
Prisoners on Their Own
Recognizance.
Three respectable young men who have
' n perage works of
Herbei gel. Front streei and Broad
v by Po
■ len and w ratten and booked
hi the City Prison on the serious charge
Philip Bag
el H. i lum
- being : i 20, 21
■ . X wil n< ss
ik, liv
■t Vi Wav, rly place. He alleges that
cl yesterday rnorn
from his room and was
struck or, I with a brick, which
le ha
1 as fell
■ it and the contents
n thi ; r. Thi three young
ana
ip the monej . with thi exc< p
■ . ami ran ■in of the
- Toy, a friend of
< 'hung, who saw - ilt and rob
whistle.
nd W'ratt* n ha: .
Ing al rner of <
when
heard the police whistle Wratten
g Dupont streei toward Wash
ington and Allen went west on Clay
(Taverly
. men, who
ip Sacramento street
treet to i "lay.
In to IVaverlj place from Clay
em, and at th<^ cor
f Washington street Wratten □
. . Iman and Cum
sted by the tv o <■:'.
rlsoners In. charge of
inued his chase after
run up Washington
. and continued his
alley to Jackson stre* t.
ght by a citizen and
appeared. The three
'he City Prison and
df robbery. When
A.. $5 g"id pieces mid $4 80 In
• md in their pockets.
- ■as also tak'-n t .j the prison
sitivelj the three
I -.-. taken to the Receiv
tal, but after a careful exam
n hy the surg> ontusion or
mark could be found where h<- said
struck by the brick. The
- men denied emphatically that they
■ ! the Chinese. They said they
had I red to go to Fresno on a
Is morning, and went to Chinatown,
as they had a days leisure before them.
t into In Waverly place from
furiosity, and while they were examin
i.-.g the hall on the second floor the Chi
nese came out of his room and drew a
knife on them. They got Beared and ran
sway. They denied throwing a brick at
the Chinese or robbing him, and pointed
that there v " In silver among
After they had been booked Foreman
Nyland of " ■ works i ailed at the
<"ity Hall, and after hearing his state
ment as to the character of the young
men and other circumstances. Judge
Treadwell released them on their own
recognizance.
Enjoined Two Corporations.
The people of the State of California on
lation of A. J. Clunk, Insurance
MORNING WEDDING IN
ST. PAUL'S CHURCH
JOINED AT A NUPTIAL MASS.
THE hearts and hands nf John F. M^Quald and Annie L. Walsh were
joined together at a nuptial mass in St. Paul's Church yesterday morn
ing by the Rev. M. D. Connolly. Immediately after the ceremony the
wrtding party adjourned to the residence of the bride's mother, where
a wedding breakfast was served. The bride and groom then departed on a
.ng tour through the south, followed by the beat wishes of their
■
Mr. MoQuaid is engineer of engine 13. San Francisco Fire Department,
and a brother of the Rev. Joseph P. McQuaid. now at Manila. The young
.lunle ■wiil take up their residence in the Mission on their return.
i-ommlseloner, filed a petition yesterday
to perpetually restrain the California Mu
tual Benefit Society from conducting
business and asks that the Society be dis-
FOlved. Plaintiff claims that the defend
ant is not doing &ny business in accord
ance with the laws governing such bodies,
has no bonds or mon.jy on deposit to in
sure its stability, and threatens to con
tinue on the same line. Hence the suit.
On the fame grounds the court is asked
to enjoin the International Indemnity
Company and also to dissolve that cor
poration.
■ mm .
KEEPING STRICT QUARANTINE
Police Ordered to Shoot Stray Dogs
and Cats That Happen to Wan
der About the Maclean
Hospital.
The H<=a!th and Police departments are
doing all in their power to prevent a
spread Of smallpox in the neighborho...] of
the Maclean Hospital, where the seven
patients who contracted the disease dur
ing the last month are confined.
The hospital Is thoroughly quarantined,
and not a soul has been allowed to leave
or enter since the time the first patient
Has taken 111.
Five policemen from Captain Qillin's
-• uad. assisted by Health Inspectors Ben
iamln and Donovan, are guarding the en
trances to the hospital. Orders were is
sued yesterday to shoot all the cats and
r-tray dogs who happen to wnnd*»r about
the, premises. as they are likely to spread
th< disease. The policemen came armed
wirh double-barreled shotguns, but they
aid not find it necessary to kill a single
ai Imal. All the resid nts of the neighhor
.:• od have been notified to keep their
riogs and cats under cover, for if they are
"•und wandering about the hospital' they
Will be instantly shot. The patients, who
ill doing well, are being cared for by
Dl liliman and Miss Acnes ODorine'l "
A PROFESSIONAL LITIGANT.
T. Fox Knocked Out in His Suit
Ag-ainst John Mackay.
The Supreme Court does not take much
stock In the position assumed by Theo
dore Vox against John W. Mackay et al.
In fact, it practically brands him as a
"professional litigant" and upholds the
judgment of the lower court, which was
adverse to the plaintiff. Fox brought this
action as a dissatisfied stockholder and
on behalf of the Consolidated California
& Virginia Mining Company. Mackay and
John P. Jones were the real defendants.
By the bill conspiracy is charged against
Mackay and Flood, the latter now de
ceased, against the company. The fraud
alleged consisted of the purposely care
less milling of ores so as to defraud the
company. In the lower court the findings
of fact were strong against the plaintiff,
and it was upon an assault upon the
findings that the case reached the Su
preme Court. The latter tribunal, In the
decision handed down yesterday, says:
"Defendants also urged "certain 'grounds
is fatal to plaintiff's cause of action. It
was claimed that plaintiff was not a
stockholder upon the books of the mining
corporation at the times these various
frauds were alleged to have been com
mitted. It is said that the record dis
closes plaintiff to be a mere speculator
and professional litigant, making this
class of litigation a specialty, ana that
he purchased these five shares of the
stock of the corporation for the sole pur
pose of giving him a status as a party
plaintiff, and that therefore he has come
into a court of equity with bad motives.
*.•;.:* The record largely justifies the
claim of defendants as to the somewhat
equivocal position plaintiff occupies in this
case."
A similar case by Fox against Mackay
and Jones, alleging fraud in the milling
of a certain lot of ores, was similarly dis
posed of. •
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh street, corner Mission. SaJt
•water direct from ocean.
■ ♦ ■
Granted a Decree
Mrs. Adele M. Shortiidge was granted a
divorce from her husband. Senator
Charles If. Shortrid^o. by Judge Mura»
ky yesterday on the ground of desertion.
The two minor children of the litigants
wt-re given into the custody of Mrs.
ShortrTdge.
Decrees of divorce have also been grant
f-i Mary L. Herring from Henry H. Her
r:ng <>n the ground of failure to provide
and W. F. Schiller from Emily Schiller
on the ground of desertion. C. P. Wil
liams ha? sued Addle L. Williams for a
divorce, alleging desertion as a cause of
action.
Advances n.adt? on furniture arid planoi, with
or without removal J. Xoonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 15. 1899.
PRESENTATION CONVENT
GRADUATING EXERCISES
Four Young Ladies
Presented With
Diplomas.
THE thirtieth annual commence
ment exercises of the Sacred
Heart Presentation Convent were
held yesterday afternoon at the
school edifice on Taylor and Ellis
streets.
The hall had been prettily decorated
for the occasion and seated on onf/pide
of the ptagre were the young misses
who had finished their collegiate
course. They were Miss Evelyn Drady,
MiSs Edna Montgomery, Miss Julia
Doody and Miss Josephine Creem, and
formed a pretty picture in their dainty
white costumes. On the other side of
the stage were the scholars of the
lower classes who expect some day to
receive their diplomas.
Very Rev. Vicar General Prender
gast represented the Archbishop and
presented the diplomas and prizes to
the young ladies. He delivered an
address to the graduating class in
which he referred to their having fin
ished their school work, but the more
Important consideration of their life
work was now In order. He cautioned
them to remember the teachings of the
good sisters who had labored tirelessly
in their behalf, and also urged them
to remain true to the principles of
their faith.
The other clergymen present were:
Fathers C. A. Ramm, J. B. Hannigan,
George BurkharHt. S. J.. T. Kirby, P.
G. Butler, S. J. ; M. Commerford and
P. Clancy.
The Presentation Sisters of Berkeley,
Sonoma, Gilroy and the Powell-street
institution were also in attendance.
An interesting feature of the exercises
was the rendition of the operetta
"Genevieve," in which the young
misses acquitted themselves and to
those who instructed them in the va-
f — •> —■•' - - $— 1> — -t- — ? — $ — $—<?<■ — €> — $ — #-
HOW THE PALACE
MIXED UP IN TAR
FLAT POLITICS
New Power in the Old
Twenty- Eighth.
MAXWELL'S POLITICAL NIGHT
A CIVIC HERO IN WHITE VEST
AND HIS CIRCUS.
The Results of a Dash for Good Gov-
eminent on the Unterrifled
Democracy Beyant the
Palace.
"When the old Twenty-eighth, awakes to
campaign glory the campaign may be de
clared open. It hag wakened and it's a
three-ring circus. Some time ago the
Buckleyites got a strong club going under
the leadership of Larry Conlon.
A few days ago Gavin licNab derided
that it was time to organize the "decent
element" with which to win the district.
J. D. Maxwell was picked out for chair
man and Michael Brown for secretary.
When Mr. Maxwell was consulted he
would say. "Mr. McNab thinks this," and
"Mr. McNab says that."
Now J. D. Maxwell is a nice and good
man. He is a prominent insurance man,
lives in the Palace Hotel, and is a stran
ger to the turbulence of primary politics
on Tar Flat. After reflecting on the du
ties of citizenship and the political millen
nium which the primary law has ushered
in he agreed that it was nis duty to take
a brave hand in local politics in the inter
est of good government.
He realized that he could be a power
for civic righteousness in the Palace
Hotel where several Democrats reside. He
worked on James V. Coleman and Joe To
bin, and they agreed to also do their
work and hold their places in primary
politics. Thus was the Palace Hotel
dragged Into the arena of primary poli
tics at last. It has hummed with politics
before and politics sizzle there now, but
primaries have been as strange to it as
st'-am beer. It has never thrilled with the
joy of barricaded ballot boxes. It is said
that some of the Democrats of the Palace,
with the grace of the Stratton primary
I,'iw in their hearts, proposed to have one
precinct polling place in the hotel itself as
a striking object lesson on the regenera
tion of municipal politics.
Larry Hoey of the Committee of One
Hundred was brought into the prelimin
aray conferences, as was John Ferris of
the Assessor's office, where Mr. McNab is
credited with Influence. One of the pol
itical powers In the Twenty-eighth is John
F. MeOovern. long secretary of the Com
mittee of Four Hundred and Fifty and
now wharfinger at the Main-street wharf
in his district. He represents a large ele
ment, and in consultation was assured
that only complete harmony was wanted
and that the interests of his faction would
be fully recognized. Notices for the meet-
Ing at Second and Folsom streets were
sent out a w>-ek ago yesterday evening.
Meantime Mr. MeGovern and his friends
decided that it would be just as safe to
have some voting strength on hand, and
workers were sent out to "round up the
gang." The organizers did likewise and
the little hall was packed. Heroes of
many a primary were there in numbers.
Larry Hoey called the meeting to partial
order and J. D. Maxwell was quickly
nominated and elected temporary chair
man per programme. The new political
leader came, out on the little stage in a
white vest and other correct evening at
tire and spoke feelingly of the duties he
and they owed to themselves, to their
city, to the country and to Thomas Jeffer
son.
"Who's this dude that comes down here
wid a white vest to teach us politics?"
growled some of the unterrified.
"I move you. sir. that the chair appoint
a temporary secretary," said John Ferris,
quickly.
"Nof^No!" and "Second the motion!
came the roar.
Now herein appears a trick in primary
rious numbers. The musical selections
on piano, organ, mandolin, guitar and
banjo came in for a large share of ap
preciation, and in fact the whole pro
gramme, which was as follows, was
of a very high order of merit:
Duet "three pianos)
"Marehe aux Flambeaux"
Misses A. Cotter, C. Donovan, A. Slattery,
M. Guerin, A. Leo, A. Thompson.
Chorus "The Sacred Heart"
Recitation "Briar Rose"
Miss Agatha Cotter.
AVal tz Selected
Pianos — Misses G. Gummer, A. Slattery.
A. Thompson. On?an— Miss N. Con
very. Mandolins— Misses E. Montsrom
ery. A. Lundy. C. Barr, K. Sullivan.
Guitar— Miss M. Lundy. Banjo— Mi.
K. I>rady.
OF'ERETTA "GEXEVIEVE," IN THREE
SCENES.
Dramatis Personae:
Genevieve Miss M. Borfree
Isadore Miss E. Drady
Helena ...Miss J. Creeni
Gertrude Miss E. M.-intKom«-ry
Grace Miss J. Doody
Schrx>l Girls:
Misses F. Madden. M. Lundy, A. Lundy,
M. fVhnahi-l. A. Cotter. G. Gummer, A.
Sullivan, A. Slattery. M. Guerin, A. Con
don. M. Evatt, K. Sullivan.
Gypsies:
Misses N. Devine, E. Whaley.
Accompanist Miss A. Thompson
Duet (three pianos) "Casino March"
Misses a. Condon. M. Conway, J. Cura
mings, A. O'Neill, .1. Doherty, A.
O'Hrien.
Duel (three pianos and organ)
"King of the Storm"
politics flint the primary law can't reach.
"hen a district club, that lias the naming
of a primary ticket, is organized the Bec
retary, being the custodian of the club
roll, becomes an Important factor. He is
"the works.'" McGovern had been told
that he would be '-done up." and Relieved
his friends could elect a secretary.
Chairman Maxwell managed to call for
■ the ayes and noes, which came in two
great roars. "The ayes have it. I ap
! point Mr. Michae] Hrown as temporary
secretary. " declared Chairman Maxwell.
Then the storm burst. Larry Buckley's
meeting voice arose. McGovern sprang to
i the stage and appealed from the decision
;of the chair. "Are you, Democrats of this
; Twenty-eighth District, going to swallow
| a programme < ked up in Gavin Mc-
Nab's office yesterday?" he roared.
"No-o! No-o!"
Larry Hoey put the appeal, after many
: words about the method. So many were
| standing that a rising vote wouldn't work.
A show of hands was decided on.
"Sixty-two," said Hoey on counting the
ayes. Then he counted the brawny votes
in the negative. McGoverji'a friends
swear there were S.n. "The chair is sus
tained." declared Hoey, in the interest of
good government, a la Phelan, without
stating the vote.
The storm hurst again. The McGovern
faction crowded with uproar toward the
stage, shouting. "You're a liar!" and
"Throw him out!" The chairman was
; about the only one there not used to
every-day politics in the old Twenty -
' eight, and he quickly retreated to the
wings of the little stage and peeked out
at danger.
The trouble soon ended by the Mr-Gov
ern faction bolting to a little adjoining
hall, where they quickly organized an in
■ dependent cluh by electing Attorney J. J.
Greeley chairman. Lurry Buckley, vice
chairman and ex-Assemblytaan E. F.
1 Lacy secretary. They then adjourned
! and smiled because they felt good. They
i felt that they had the strength and the
j others would have to come to them. Since
•■ then efforts have been ma.de to patch up a
, peace, hut McGovern is in no nurry and
jls letting things develop. One of the pos
sibilities is a combination with the Buck
ley wing. If the progragmmers do not
come to time with concessions. Many of
th« Buekleyites wept at hearing of the
i proceedings. If they had only known and
fone. just to get in a crack at the hated
IcXah faction by helping out McGovern
just for luck ami fun!
Mr. Maxwell went home with further
i reflections on the duties of citizenship.
"The Palace!" say* Larry Conlon, with
; scorn. "I'll take forty feet of Minna
j street and wipe it off the earth."
Chinamen May Not Be Naturalized.
Port Collector Jackson has been notified
of the following ruling of the Treasury j
Department:
"You are advised that it was held In re
Gee Hip <7 Fed. Rep. 274) that a native of j
China of the Mongolian race is not en- !
titled to be admitted to naturalization; j
that a certificate of naturalization issued
to a Chinaman is void on its face and j
that a passport issued by the Department i
of State is not evidence that the person i
to whom it was issued was a citizen of
the I'nited States."
Small Damages Awarded.
The second t<uit of George D. Graybill
against M. H. de Young, proprietor of
the Chronicle, to recover damages for
libel, was concluded before Judge Hunt
yesterday. The jury after being out some
time returned and entered judgment in
favor of the plaintiff for the sum of $1.
<§-f 040 -f 040404-04-04-04-4- o +o+o+o+o+o+o+o+o-*-o+o+qa
!An Instrument of Torture!
o o
% n<Hb'iii ■■■« I,- .irTflr**'"*— 8 a Truss made on the plan as +
? shown, with a heavy steel or iron °
O r .rftra^sl^ \ band, as you know if you have
> I _-«rf^ Jm B been in the habit of wearing one. °
o I qf&P l^ mSSvI^M Throw It away! Why will you j
■*■ V -^TFJtfHr continue wearing such an instru- ?
0 V. H ment of torture, when we can fur- 0
*■ jWEgjaMamiflfllpy ■» nish you a' most efficient tfXjsfl— 4
? JJL i«Ji!J^ l^'lu^i) 11 ELASTlC— without any iron O
q , mn ' fFmaiJ^r-^*!3Br hoops or steel springs about it, +
4- and one that may be worn with EASE and COMFORT NIGHT and 2
O DAY? As for CURES, DR. PIERCES Celebrated MAGNETIC ELAS- £
4- TIC TRUSS has ACCOMPLISHED THOUSANDS! It is an ELECTRIC 4
O TRUSS, the only genuine and successful one ever invented. Electricity o
+ is the only thing that will .CURE rupture, and when Dr. Plerce's Truss ■♦•
+ cures a rupture It stays cured. Send 2c in stamps for our "Book No. 1." O
Or or call at office. Address: +
I MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS COMPANY
o 620 Market Street (Opposite Palace Hotel), San Francisco. +
4-* "■ ; --. - ■■■■" ■•■' ■-•- - ; ;"• ■-- •-.■-•■ ;-■-• ■■ : -,--, •..•.■•.-...■..■ ■.*.•;':'■.;:.:..,:  ,O:
*o+o+o+o+o+o+o+o+o+o+o+o++o+o+ o+o+o+o+o+o+o+o+o + <>+•
MIRSe? M. Lundy, K. Brady, G. Gum
mer, A. Slattery. M, Keenan, I. Do-
Khmy, N. Convery.
Duet (three pianos) "Je Su!s> Pret"
Mispes M. Lundy. A. Lundy, G. Gum
rner, N. Convery, A. Slattery, M.
Keenan.
Recitation "Woman's Power"
Miss M. Schnabel.
Music (original) Miss Grace Gummer
Chorus "Old Glory"
Music "Lucrezia Borgia"
Pianos— Misses E. Drady, G. Gummer.
Organ— Mies N. Convery. Mandolins—
Misses E. Montgomery. A. Lundy, C.
Barr. K. Sullivan.
<« Miss Annie Flynn was awarded a
gold medal for Christian Doctrine,
which was donated by Very Rev. J. J.
Prendergast. The following competit
ors were given premiums: Miss Eve
lyn Drady, Miss Edna Montgomery,
Miss . Julia Doody. Miss Josephine
frppm. Miss Frances Madden. Miss-
Margaret O'Brien, Miss Annie Flynn,
Miss Martha Schnabel, Miss Carna
Donovan. Miss Agatha Cotter, Miss
Annie Murphy!
Miss Mary Keegan received a medal
for general excellence, the following
competitors receiving premiums: Miss
Evelyn Drady. Miss Martha Schnabel,
Miss Christina Barr. Miss Carrie Don
ovan, Miss Mary Keegan, Miss Alice
Leo, Miss Maria Maginnis, Miss Mary
Fitzgerald.
Certificates were awarded to the fol
lowing young ladies for having suc
cessfully finished the grammar grades:
Miss Martha Schnabel, i.-ies A. Slat
tery. Miss M. Keegan. Miss H. Goy
heneix. Miss A. Leo. Miss A. Condon,
Miss M. Keenan, Miss M. Nash, Miss
C. Ledden, Miss C. Norbi. Miss V.
Ford, Miss M. Ouerin. Miss M. Con
very, Miss N. Morrow, Miss G. Hayes.
Premiums awarded to the young
lady graduates by Very Rev. J. J.
Prendergast: Miss Evelyn Drady,
Miss Edna Montgomery, Miss Julia
Doody, Miss Josephine Creem.
Premiums awarded to the young lady
graduates by the institution: Miss E.
Drady, Miss E. Montgomery, Miss J.
Doody. Miss J. Cref-m.
Premiums for highest number of
merit cards In the seventh grade:
Miss Grace Carter, Miss Mary Cole
man.
Premium for musical composition:
Miss Grace Gummer.
CANNERY TRUST MAY
SOON BE REALIZED
OPTIONS ON TWO-THIRDS OF THE
BIG ESTABLISHMENTS.
All That Remains Is Final Consum
mation of the Deal — Some Big
Houses Have Not En
tered the Combine.
Trust upon trust is the order of the
business world to-day. The newest syn
dicate about to be formed on this coast
embraces the major number of big can
nery establishments in this State.
For the pact few months Chickering.
Thomas & Gregory have been at work
perfecting the outlines of a cannery trust '
and their efforts have so far met with !
success, for they have secured on behalf
of their principals an option on two
thirds of the canneries in this State.
Those establishments which have come
into the combine are: Fontana & Co.'s
San Francisco. Healdshurg and Hanford
cannery: Cutting Packing Company's
three canneries, .situated In this city,
Santa Rosa and Santa Maria; King-
Morse Canning Company's two canneries,
situated in this city and San Leandro;
Sacramento Packing Company's three!
canneries, situated in Sacramento, Yen- |
tura and Visalia: Balfour-Guthrie's two!
canneries, situated in Biggs and in Oak- i
land; Oakland Preserving Company's two
canneries, situated in Oakland and Mil
pitas; San Jose Packing Company's two
cannerieF, situated in San Jose "and in
Marysville; the Carquinez Packing Com
pany' * cannery, situated at Benlcia; A. ;
F. Tenney Company's cannery, situated!
at Fresno; Hunt Bros. Packing Com- j
pony's cannery, situated at Hay wards;
Rose City Canning Company's cannery.
Situated at Santa Rosa; Russian River \
Packing Company's cannery, situated in ;
Healdsburg; Sebastopol Packing Com
pany, situated in Sevastopol; Napa Vai- ;
ley Packing Company, situated in Napa,
and Hood Canning Company, situated in
Emeryville.
There are a number of canneries which
have hold out and have so far refused to
join hands with the combination. Their
output reaches a big portion of the year
ly supply and they will figure as potent
rivals to the combination should they per
sist in their present declination to make
one of it.
The annual output of those canneries
which have joined in a trust is estimated
at about 2.000,000 cases, which amounts i
to over 100,000,000 pounds of fruit. The
capitalization of the trust company Is
fixed at $3,000,000. To those canners who
Join the syndicate a lump sum will be
paid and also a proportionate amount of
the capital stock. The organizers of the
trust disclaim any intention upon the part j
of their principals to raise prices. They i
claim that there will merely be a greater
economy exercised in the operation of
the plants and less expense in the pro
ductiaj of canned goods.
Inventor Edison explains how he
hit upon the idea of the electric light
in next Sunday's Call.
ADVERTISEMENTS. __.. __._._ r--
BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBHBBEiaB ■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
B . ' - -^ - - . - . . B
JCITYOF^ PARIS |
■ vll 1 Ui 4 riIVILJ |
1 DRY GOODS COMPANY. 1
iH• ■ B
jg
c — a
I EXTRA SPECIAL SALE OF I
B ■ fl
I Pique Suits and Skirts I
| AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES. 1
[3 A Timely Opportunity to Complete Your Vacation Outfit. qj
i S * _^ ■
5 TAILOR MADE PIQUE SUITS. SKIRT AND JACKET. white Gift 00 Q
m trimmed with Baby Blue or Navy Stripes * lUIUU g
! 5 Former Price $16.50. B
a DUCK SUITS— in Polka Dots and Fine Stripes" J. l&dfiO ■
[ DUCK SUITS— in Polka Dots and Fine Stripes i <?&• I V ■
S EXTRA HEAVY WHITE, TAN AND BABY BLUB PIQUE CO tLf\ m
5 SUlTS.— Skirt and Jacket trimmed with embroidery insertion... <P O ' OV p
S An extensive variety of exclusive styles in Pique Suits especially imported m
i H for the City of Paris will be offered at cost price during the sale. m
B - ■ . •;■• .-•-. S
5 ALL SEPARATE SKIRTS IN PIQUE. DUCK AND LINEN GREATLY RE- l|
■ DUCED. ALL ORGANDIE DRESSES REDUCED S
■ TO COST PRICE. S
H - ■
" We will fit you out in a manner and at a price which will increase the en- I
1 ■ joyment of your Summer Outing. . . g
I B STOCK IS VERY LIMITED. DO NOT DELAY. B
■ _ v
•9 COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY EXECUTED. SEND MEASURES. g
B' ' ■
2 CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, S
j| S. E. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, San Francisco. gg
1 B UNION square. 0
'■ BBWBBBBBBBBHBHBWgBBIIHBB BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBM
Hotel Empire
BROADWAY (formerly Boulevard)
And 63d STREET, NEW YORK CITY.
FURNISHED IN A BEAUTIFUL AND.
HOMELIKE MANNER.
NOTED FOR THE EXCELLENCE
OF US CUISINE AND
SERVICE.
ACCESSIBLE MODERN
FIREPROOF.
An extensive library of choice literature .*ia*
lust been added.
' ORCHESTRAL CONCERTS EVERY EVENING,
Delightfully and Conveniently Located, within
ten minute* of tbe Amusement and Shopping
" RATES MODERATE.
American and European Plans.
Write for our book, "The Kmpirft Illustrated. '
and other particular*.
_W. JOHNSON QUINN, Pro rietor.
WHEN WORN OUT
Uee the WORLD FAMOUS
Body, Brain and Nerve Toni;
AND AVOID .
HEAT PROSTRATION.
: ALL DRUGGISTS. AVOID SUBSTITUTES.
Portraits and endorsements sent postpaid.
MARIAN'I & CO., 52 W. 15TH ST..NEW YORK.
AMUSEMENTS.
TACIANU
The World Famous Female Impersonator.
HANLEY AND JARVIS,
Comedians and Eccentric Dancers.
WARTENBERG BROS., Musical Acrobats.
FRED NIBLO. Honologlst.
Me A VOX AND MAT. Comedians.
Last week of JOHXSTONE BENNETT, as-
sisted by ANTONI WILLIAMS, in "A QUIET
EVENING AT HOME."
HENRI FRENCH HOUDINI, the Mysterious.
Reserved Seats 25-; Balcony. 10c; Opera Cnairs
and Box Seats, 50c. • •
ALHAMBRA THEATER,
Corner Eddy and Jones Streets.
S. H. Frledlander. Manager.
The Lambarfli Brand Italian opera Company
The Sensation" of the Season.
Their Like Has Never Been Heard -Here.
New Principals for Every Opera.
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
To-night, Thursday, TROVATORE
Friday ' "THE MASK BALL 1
Saturday Matinee "RIGOLETTO"
Saturday "AIDA"
Reserved Seats. 25c. 50c, 75c, %l and $1 50.
Box Seats, $1 and $1 50.
Peats on sale at the Alhambra and at Sher-
man. Clay & Co.'s Music Store.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
"Well staged and costumed— a credit to the
Tlvoll."— Call, i....-:
LAST FOUR NIGHTS of Lecocq's Brightest
Opera,
LA FILLE
DE MADAME
ANGOT!
With GRACIE PLAISTED as i'LAIRETTE.
UNKQUALED CAST! MAGNIFICENT AC-
CESSORIES!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 O'CLOCK.
Next— OFFENBACH'S "BRIGANDS!"
Look Out for DENIS O 1 SULLIVAN IN
"SHAMUS O'BRIEN'."
PRICES ...25c and 50c
Telephone Bush 9
OFFICIAL ROUTE
Christian Endeavor
EXCURSION
TO DETROIT.
Leave SAN FRANCISCO June 29th, 6:00 p. m.
via Central Pacific Railway.
Leave OGI>EN July let, 8:10 a, m. via Union
Pacific Railway.
Arrive DENVER July 2d, 7:00 a. m.
Leave DENVER July 3d, at 12:55 p. m. via
Union Pacific Railway.
Arrive KANSAS CITY July 4th, 7:25 a. m. ,
Leave KANSAS CITY July 4th, 9:50 a. m.
via Wabash Railway. :-'--;>■ ." -'.-v '« -.
Arrive DETROIT July f.th, 9:40 a. m.
ROUND TRIP, FIRST CLASS, fSI.
Limit for return July 15th, with privilege
extension to August . 15th; for additional" 50
cents. For reservations and further informa-
tion address
GEO. P. LOWELL, Trans. Mgr. Cal. C. E.,
1626 Eighth St., East Oakland, Cal.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M, TO 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M.
ADMISSION. ' We: CHILDREN, sc.
Bathing, Including: Admission, 25c; Children. We.
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
TO-NIGHT!-^— TO-NIGHT!
• •••••••••••••••••••
1 EL GAPITAN! I
OUR NEW PRICES.
COMMENCING TO-NIGHT:
Orchestra. 35e and BOc
Entire Dress Circle ...25c
Family Circle (Reserved) IRe
Gallery lOc
Branch Box Office, Emporium Building.
, ■ — .
fy\3 | B fiLft E9Bi tx*
COLUMBIA «Sa
NOTICE— Owin* to the Immense Success
This Production Will be Continued
UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE.
CHARLES FBOHMAN PRESENTS.
MR. HENRY MILLER
And a SPtCIAL COMPANY
In Henry Arthur Jones' Brilliant Comedy,
"THE LIARS."
EVERY NIGHT SUNDAY EXCLUDED
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Seats now selling for second 'week of "The
Liars."
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
S. H. Friedlander, Manager.
Every Evening up to and Including Saturday,
MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY.
THE SEASON'S SUCCESS,
That Much-discussed Farce,
The TURTLE
THE NOTED CAST:
Ipabelle Eveeson, Ada Deav.es. Marlon Ballou.
Jane Reiffarth, Isabelle Bowman, Slgnor Peru-
glnl. George Holland, Hudson Liston, Ulrio
Collins, Louis Imhaus.
200 Booming Nights in New York.
All Paris and Berlin Flocked to See It.
The piquancy and dash of the Comedie Fran-
caise and Palais Royale interpreted by tikllltyl
American artists who possess the true French
finesse.
Reserved Seats 25c, SOc. 75c and $1.
Coming— "A MIDNIGHT BELL."
CALIFORNIA THEATER-SPECIAL
Week Commencing SUNDAY, June 18th.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
MR. OTTO KAWAKAMI
MADAME YACCO,
Supported by Twenty-five Rising Japanese Ac-
' tors and Actresses.
REPERTOIRE OF SKETCHES:
SAYAATE (The Duel), DOJOJI (The Tempi*
of DoJoJI). KUSONOKI (The Battle of Minato
River and Kusonoki's Farewell to His Son),
MIHO-NO-MATSUBARA (Dewey Day Cele-
bration on the Pine Fringed Shores of Mlho).
Reserved Seats— Orchestra, $1 50 and SI; Bal-
cony. 50c to $1: Gallery, 25c. Boxes, $10.
Seats Now On Sale at the Box Office.
AT rA7AD WATSB7PHOM
AJLL/AXAK Main 254.
JUST FOUR MORE NIGHTS.
LAST MATINEE SATURDAY.
MR. LEWIS MORRISON,
Supported by FLORENCE ROBERTS
Presenting the Charming Play
THE MASTER
OF CEREMONIES.
E E x E V RICHELIEU.
CHUTES AND ZOO! ,
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
GREAT B'LL IV THE THEATER.
THE FLYING BANVARDS and a Host o<
Novelties.
TO-NIGHT,
AMATEUR MINSTRELS,
WITH MANY NEW FEATURES.
Reserve Seats by Phone, Steiner 1851.
Visit LUNETTE and the LONDON MAZE.
SATURDAY— CHILDREN'S DAY!
CONCEBTS AND RESORTS.
13 dLL I W OREAT REALISTIC
' o" WAR PANORAMA!
AT *""'• W. °- ROLLINS.
-" - the eminent orator,
a * • m lectures half hourly.
Manila M » rket «- *****»•
Admission Btak
Bay! Cb " *°-
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKET'S.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat and Barley futures weaker.
Other Cereals unchanged.
New Hay continues firm.
Beans and Seed.* unchanged.
Potatoes steady and Onions firm.
A car of Mississippi Tomatoes In.
I Butter accumulating.
t-tore Eggs weaker. Cheese unchanged.
Poultry about the same.
Fruits still In liberal supply.
Citrus Fruits generally firm.
Cottolene lower.
A car of Eastern Evaporated Apples arrived.
Meat market unchanged.
COINAGE OF THE MINTS.
The coinage of the United States for the cur
rent fiscal year to date is as follows:
Double eaglets $73,075.660 00
Easles 9.910.870 0')
Half eagles 16,970.775 00;
Quarter eaeles 60,245 0 i |
Silver dollars 17.044,636 00
Half dollars 2.867.593 00
Quarter dollars 3,589, 159 00
Dimes 2.076.180 00
Five cents 168,774 20
Cents 323.580 06 I
;
1 Ota ! >•■■■•••••••••,.. 1126 376.763 26 1
In C 'T 98 74.123.74S 07 j
In 1896-97 92.826.047 45 !
THE SITUATION IN WALL STREET.
The circular of Henry Clews says:
"Some surprise has been caused by shipments
of gold during the week, outside the ordinary
course of exchange. The remittances, aggre
gating $5,500,000, have been chiefly made by one
bank, and that institution is the one which
negotiated the settlement of the Spanish in
demnity. Interest has centered more In the
motive of the transaction than in Its Import
ance, for it is not regarded as foreshadowing
any continuous or Important export of specie
Pi r as being of any great significance to the
Juture of the money market, but as being
merely a transient incident. There are various
obvious ways In which the transaction might
be connected with the Spanish settlement. As
Spain was paid mainly through the transfer
ence of American funds held by European
banks, it is not at all Inconceivable how some
of the great foreign Institutions might need
to replenish their stocks of gold depleted by
the operation, or desire to renew the loans from
American banks which they have been required
to liquidate In connection with the war pay
ment, and the gold exports have probably been
largely attendant on BUCh readjustments.
"The crop outlook has not materially
changed. In some sections the weather has
be^n favorable and in others unfavorable, the
general situation consequently remaining about
as it was two weeks ago. Between the recov
ery In the European crops and the decline In I
ours, we may look for not only a reduction j
in the quantity of our cereal exports, as com- j
pared with the last two years, but also possibly j
a lower range of pr - for food products. The j
surplus of exports over imports may continue i
lnrpe ■-■ ugh to prevent any Important exports
r f gold for some time to come, but it is reason
able to expect an ultimate return to a normal
condition of our foreign trade balance.
"The declaration of the usual quarterly divi
dend by the American Bus Company removes
a doubt that has- hung over the market for
quite a long period and played Into the hands j
of the bears, and they have used it from time |
to time in the most skillful way to depress
values. The payment of this dividend has suf
ficed to call attention to the Innumerable num
ber of others which will follow in quick suc
cession between now and the first of July, the j
aggregate amount of which Is estimated for this ■
year at about $150.'W>.000— by far the largest on |
record. A very considerable part of this money
is not unlikely to be reinvested by the recipients
In the very properties that pay them. What
stronger recommendation can be made In be
half of these properties than their dividend- !
I'aylns qualities as demonstrated In this way?" ]
•
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14. 5 p. m.
The following are the maximum temperatures
reported by stations in California to-day:
Eureka 64 1 San Diego 64 !
Fresno 100 Sacramento 94
Los Angeles 72 1 Independence 86
Red Bluff 98 Vuma 94 |
San Luis Oblspo 82
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
72: minimum, 54: mean. 63.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL I
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen slowly over the coun- i
try west of the Rocky Mountains. There are
r." well-marked disturbances over the western
half of the country. The temperature has risen .
about ten degrees over Utah, Nevada and
Eastern California. In the great valleys of
• "alifornia the temperatures are from eleven
to eighteen degrees above the normal. The
weather is favorable for ripening grain and
fruit.
No rain has fallen on the Pacific Coast south
of Fort c 'anbj
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight June 15:
Northern California— Fair Thursday; contin
ued warm weather; northely winds Inland;
westerly winds on the coast.
Southern California— Fair Thursday: warmer
In the Interior; fresh southwesterly winds.
Nevada— Fair Thursday; continued warm
weather.
rtah -Fair Thursday.
Arizona— Fair Thursday: warmer.
San Francisco nd vicinity— Thursday;
fresh ivf-sterly winds.
ALEXANDER McADIE. Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW Y'.RK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. June 14.— professional
boardroom traders, whoseeffort Is to keep in the
current of events for a short turn In prices,
were kept in a very unsettled frame of mind !
to-day by the frequent ebb and flow of prices, I
and they were left In a state of confusion '
at the close under the puzzling conflict of
currents In the market. Some rather large In
terests evidently took their profits on the re
cent rlso yesterday, and having done so, were
read) to avow the fact this morning. This
brought active following from outside sources.
and the commission houses were sellers of the ''
general list. But those who sold stocks freely
in the late flurry yesterday were buyers at
the decline for the purpose of recovering their
Fhort contracts, »■< that the belated liquida
tion was pretty well absorbed. In fact, the
covering by the shorts and large buying of some '
of the high-priced specialties carried prices gen
erally alter the opening, above last night's
level. But weak spots began to develop, not
ably in Sugar, Metropolitan and the smelting
stocks, the latter on the prospect of labor
troubles, and a general selling movement set
in. Anaconda, Continental Tobacco, P. C. C.
and St Louis, Baltimore and Ohio. Colorado
and Southern first preferred. International
Paper and the steel stocks, which were advanced I
yesterday, were all special points of weakness
at different times during the day. On the
other hand, the Flower specialties, especially
Brooklyn Transit and Federal Steel, were well '
sustained and showed a disposition to advance. j
Sugar, also after dropping err nearly three I
points, developed an aggressive upward ten
dency and rose an extreme six points. Man
hattan was another center of strength. Thii
deterred the bfars from making new ventures
on the short »i ie, although the early advances
wc-re not well maintained. The market was
In fact, a waiting one, in the exact sense of
the word, and fell Into extreme dullness late
in the clay. The quick rally of 44 points in I
Metropolitan Street Railway, after dropping I
84. and Shk in Sugar, lifted the level of prices
from the low plane to which they had been
dragged during the afternoon and made the
close comparatively firm. Only a few stocks
showed net gains, fractional net losses being
the rule. The expected dividend declaration
on Northern Pacific common, which was an
nounced shortly after 2 o'clock, gave that
stock some strength. Otherwise, the grain
carrying roads were. Inclined to heaviness on
talk of harm done by the rains. Denver pre
ferred and the Southwestern generally were
conspicuously weak. The banks were rather
more exacting In granting loans called during
the day. and this led to more attention being
given to the outlook in the money market. The
conditions are much easier In London, where
the effect on the stock market was beneficial
and this lessens the prospect of a further Im
mediate outflow of gold.
There was a reactionary tendency manifest
at some points In the bond market, and the
volume of business done was only moderate*
Total sales, par value, $2,545,000. "I
I Government bonds were unchanged.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 418,860
shares. Including: American Hoop, 3700' Am
erican Steel and Wire, 27,300; American Sugar
Refining. 109.900; American Tobacco, 8800; Atch
:.-..n preferred, 14,200; Brooklyn Transit 69,400-
Burlington. 19.200; Colorado Fuel and Iron !
3100; Continental Tobacco, 9500; Metropolitan I
Street Railway, 14,000; Missouri Pacific 6900-
Federal Steel, 40,900; do preferred, 4100; Man- I
hattan Consolidated. 2300; New York Central !
3200: Xorthern Pacific, 3400; Pennsylvania, MOO; i
People's Gas of Chicago. 9500; Heading first i
preferred. 4200; Rock Island, 7000; St. Paul 03 -
400: Union Pacific. 4800; Western Union 4300." '
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 174 St Paul 1264
Do prefd hi% Do prefd 172%
Baltimore *: Ohio. 67 St P & Om 98
Canada Pacific ?6 I Do prefd 170
Canada Southern.. 5114 ; " Pacific 3114 j
Cent P«iC . r J'i to Railway 10^
Che* ft 0hi0...... 24% Do prefd , 49^1
Chi & Alton 160 Texas & Pacific... 19
hi n & Q 131** Union Pacific ... 4074
"hi & E 111. ex ! I'o prefd 74%
dlv ..: 78 jA'abash 714
Do prefd 1224 I Do prefd 204
Call a W 12% Wheel A L E S"4
Chi Ind & L 0 I Do prefd 21%
Do prefd 40 Express Companies—
Chi & X W Adams Ex 110 |
.Do prefd 192 j American Ex 136 |
CCCA St L 61 ' United States .... 46 I
Do prt-fd X&K Wells Fargo 125 !
Del * Hudson 118 , Mfscellaneous-
DelL & W 170 A Cot Oil 354
Den A Rio (3 224 ! Do prefd 91
Do prefd 76% Amn Spirits 1014
Erie new 12% Do prefd 31
Do Ist r>refd .... XC* An Tobacco {.fi^4
S"l Wayne 183 1 Do prefd 140
Gt Nor prefd 3674 Cons Gas 179
Illinois Cent 112 i *om Cable Co 173
Lake Erie & \\\... 1554 Col F & Iron 44%
Do prefd 674 Do prefd 108
Lake Shore 206 Sen Electric 118%
Louis & Nash 67% Haw Coral Co 110
Manhattan L 113". Fed Steel 64% :
Met St Ry 22fi Do prefd 84
; Mich Cent 113 !ntnl Paper 42
I Minn & St L. 664 Do prefd 784
] Do 2d prefd 94 Laclede Gas 53". -
Mo Pacific 42 Lead 30
Mobile & Ohio .... 3S Do prefd 110 ;
Mo X & T U« Brooklyn R T 117 Vi
Do prefd 13% Nit Lin Oil 3
N .1 Centra] 1164 Pacific Mail 45%
• N v Central 131% People's Gas ......120%
I N T Chi & St L.. 124; Pullman Pal 156
Do lstprefd .... 60 BUyer Cert 6i>4 ,
Do 2d prefd 29 i Standard X & T... 7 1 *
Nor West 2'—. Sugar 152 j
No Amer Co IP., Do prefd 115 '
No Pacific 4GH T C & Iron 68%
Do prefd 25% (J R Leather 5"«
! Ontario &,W 264| Do prefd 71%
> R & Nay pfd. 72 ID 8 Rubber M%
Pac Coast 3-"V Do prefd 115%
Do Ist prefd .... 82 Wept Union 89*
Do 2.1 prefd .... 65 Am B * W 60% -
Plttsburg ISo ! Do prefd 964
Reading 21 Glucose CS
Do Ist prefd .... 60 Nor & W prefd... 654 |
,R G W S3 Con Tobacco 44 i I
Do prefd 77 I Do prefd R1 T * I
Rock Island 112' Colo Southern .... 5%
St I. & 6 F 10% Do Ist prefd — 444
Do prefd 71% Do 2d prefd .... 17%
i Do 2d prefd .... Sfi'i , Nat Steel 61
•St L & S W 11% I Do pr"fd 914 ,
! Do prefd 29Si
CLOSING BONDS
U B 2s reg 100-%, M X & T 2ds 67 :
DO 3s re 109 Do 4? 93% I
Do 3g coup 109 N V Cent lsts 116% j
Do new 4s rep.. ..1304 N .1 Cent gen 55. .121 i
Do new 4s c0up. .110% No Carolina 6s 127
Do old 4s reg 112 V Do Js 104
Do old 4s coup.. 118% No Pacific Ists 113
Do 5s reg 1124 Do 8b ' 67% ,
Do 5s coup 113% Do 4s 105% I
Dist of C 3. t00 US N YC& St L 4s. 107%
j Alabama class A. .1134 Nor & w con 45... 954
Do class B 110 i Do gen 6s 132 '
Do class C 100 Oregon Nay lsts... 114
Do Currency 100 Do 4? 102 7 g j
Atchison gen .. .1027*, Oregon S L 6s 182% '
Do adj 4s 87% Do con 5s 1154 '
Canada Bo Ms 11l Reading gen 4«.... 90%
Che B & Ohio Via.. *5 Ri* G W lsts I<W!*
Do 5s 11->' 4 St L&■ I M con 55. 1114
Chi &X W con 78.144 HI L* S F gen 65. 126
Do S F deb .is 1224 St Paul con 171
Chicago Term .101% St P C ft P 15t5. ..124
]>en &■ Rio G lsts..lW Do Bfl 1&3T6
Do 4s 103% So Ry 1114 !
E T Va A- Ga lsts. 105% Stand R & T 65... 87
, Erie gen 4s 724 Fenn new set 35... 88
,FW &D C Ists... S2 Tex * Pacific- lßts.lli
Gen Electric ...118 Do 2de 56%
Q H & B A 6s 113% Union Pacific 45. ..108%
Do 2ds 111% Wahash lsta 116
H & T C Es 113 i Do 2ds 100
i Do con 6s 109 j West Shore 4s 11"
lowa Cent lsts 113 I Wls Cent bits 77 ;
X C P A O lsts... 654; Va Centuries 85
ILa new con 4s 110% Do Deferred 8%
11. ft X unified 45.. 99 I Colo Southern 45.. 90
MINING STOCKS.
j Chollar 25 Ontario 8 00
! Crown Point 25Ophlr 1 00
! Con Cal & V 1 45 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 50 Quicksilver ........ 2 00
Gould & Curry 24 Do prefd 750
Hale & Norcross.. 88 Sierra Nevada.. 64
| Homeetake 60 00 1 Standard 2 20
•Iron Silver 55 I Union Con 25
Mexican 4" .Yellow Jacitet .... 86 i
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— West End 934
Call loans 3 <ij4 ! Do prefd 116 t
Time loans Westlnghouse El 50
Stocks— ! Do prefd 65
Ateh Top * St Fe. 174 Brooklyn R T 117%
Do prefd 54% Bonds-
American Sugar.. .152 Atohlson 4s 102 :
IK) prefd 117 Mining Shares—
Bell Telephone 340 Adventure 10 :
Boston & Albany .-.258 Allouez Mm Co ... 84
Boston Elevated... 1*">« Atlantic 32% •
Boston & Maine... 190 Boston & M0nt.... 345 ,
Chi Bur & Q 131% Butte & Boston 75
I Ed Elec 111 200 "alumet .v- Hecta..79s
Fltchburg prefd.. .ll7 Centennial 33
Federal Steel 64% Franklin IS
Do prefd 84 Huml 2%
Mexican Central... 13% Osceola 8a
Michigan Tel 994 Parrott 53
Old Colony 204 Qulnoy 150
Did Dominion SS%: Santa Fe Copper.. 12
Rubber 53 i Tamarack 210
Union Pacific 40»; Winona :... 14 i
Union Land 8 | Wolverine 45 '
Wisconsin Cent 12 Utah 41%
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
' NEW YORK, June 14.— Money on call steady I
at 2@3 per cent; last loan, 3 per cent; prime .
mercantile paper. : : V'i4 per cent; sterling ex
change steady, with actual business in bankers' j
bills at $4 87%«p4 88 for demand, and at $4 85% i j
4 86 for sixty days; posted rates, 54 86%54 S7 j
and $4 89; commercial bills. $4 K>; silver cer- |
1 tificates, 60%#62< . liar silver, B0%c; Mexican .
dollars, 4S%c; Government bonds, steady; State j
! bonds, firm; railroad h.mds. irrceular. i
CONDITION OF THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, June 14.— To-day's state- j
ment of the condition of the Treasury shows:
Available cash balance. *J271.673,4i"; gold re- '
serve, 3235.128,494
LONDON FINANCIAL MARKET.
NEW YORK. June 14.— The Commercial Ad- |
■ vertiser's London financial cablegram says: j
The markets here were very inactive to-day j
; and the tone was Irregular, though the Trans- j
vaal bluebook was well received. Kaffirs |
closed strong. Americans were Idle an had j
a drooping tendency. Canadian Pacific and |
Denver preferred dropped heavily on fears of
stringency in money in Berlin and Denver divl
! dend rumors.
LONDON, June -Consols, 10813-16; silver, :
. 27 11-16; French rentes, 10! 27%: wheat cargoes !
off coast, very little doing; cargoes on pas
sage, quiet and steady; English country mar
kets, generally fid dearer
Spanish i's were 46%; Coppers were weak;
I Anacondas, . 10 5-16; Tlntos, II '■, !
CLOSING.
LONDON, June 14.— Canadian Pacific. 98%; I
Northern Pacific preferred, 78% Union Pacific
preferred. 76%; Atchison, Ik 1;; Grand Trunk,
5%; Anaconda. 10%; bar silver steady, 27 11-15 d;
money, % per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. June 14.— FLOUR— Receipts, !
13.667 barrels; exports, 3415. Market was less J
active and rather In buyers' favor, owing to
the decline in wheat. Rye flour. Quiet.
WHEAT— Receipts, 189.050 bushels; exports, I
. 48,0*2. Snot, easy. No. 2 red, 83% c spot and
84c to arrive f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 northern !
Duluth, 83* 4 c f. o. b. afloat spot; No i hard :
Manitoba, 84c f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red Siv,c
elevator, Options opened firm on good for
eign buying and a fair reaction following
liquidation, recovered at noon on exDOrt de
mand and the rise in corn. Afternoon de el
■ opments were less bullish, .wine to fair
weather predictions in the Northwest and '
! heavy Western selling. Closed weak %@%c
net loss. July, 81%®82%c, closed 81% c; Sen- I
j tember. 81 l-16#82%c, . closed 81',ic; December i
S2%raS3%c. closed 82^»c. Mr '
HOPS—
WOOL— Steady.
METALS— The situation In the metal mar- i
; ket to-day was practically as heretofore, flue- !
! tuations being narrow, with prices at the end
: of the session at about where they left off
yesterday. At the close the Metal Exchange
called:
PIG IRON— Warrants entirely nominal at
$13 50.
LAKE COPPER— DuII at 118 25 bid and $18 50
I asked.
TIN Dull: $25 60 bid. $25 70 asked.
LEAD— Firmer; $4 45 bid, $4 50 asked. The i
brokers' price for lead is $4 25 and for copper
$18 50.
SPELTER— Very quiet at $6 60.
I COFFEE— Options closed quiet, unchanged
] to 5 points higher. Sales, 10,250 bags. Includ- i
' ing July, $4 65; September, $4 SO. October, $4 85;
November, $4 50; December, $5 20^5 25. Spot
coffee, Rio, dull, easy; mild, quiet.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; refined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts, 9111 .packages; barely i
steady; Western creamery, 15©18% c; factory, !
U%fl«c.
EGGS— Receipts, 13,712 packages; weak;
Western, 14H©15c; Southern. ltoJl2c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. June 14.— California dried
i fruits, weak.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 6%57c;
j prime wire tray, B\;@SV4c; choice, 8%98%i
i fancy. 9^9%c.
| I'Ri;NES-3%(88%C.
'. APRICOTS— Koyal, 14c; Moorpark, 14#lSc.
PEACHES— IO^ISc.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, June 14.— The main feature of
| Wheat trading was the general shifting of
I speculation. to the September option. The open
i Ing was steady, September starting* a shade
I lower at 77%#78%C and selling at once at 77% c
] Cables were firm and higher. , ..Heavy rains !
i were reported in the Black Sea, country, but
it was also stated that, the grain In that section
would not be worth cutting. On this statement
; there was moderate support at the opening, but
soon after the market commenced to decline
on selling by local longs. A decline to H%c
in September ensued, when a limited covering
movement steadied the market for a time, gey.
j tember recovering to 78% C.
' The weather was reported much too wet in
i the spring Wheat country, and this helped to
sustain prices for a time, September sagging
to 76Hc. The ciowe was weak at 7«%»\
Corn was rather slow, but firm. Large buy
ing of July by a leading commission house was
the feature, canning covering by shorts and
keeping prices slightly above yesterday's dur
ing most of the session. The market weakened
somewhat in the afternoon with Wheat. Sep
| tember closed a shade higher.
Good cash demand and the small country
i movement made a firm market for Oats. Week
! ly crop bulletins generally showed, anxiety on
account of rust and rankness. September closed
Vie higher.-
The market for Provisions was Irregular.
Some ■ strength • was- shown at the start on
higher hogs and on covering by shorts. Later
the market turned weak on selling by packers
and. all the, early advance was lost. At the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, JUNE 15, 1899.
close September pork was I%C lower, lard un
changed and ribs !%C lower. *
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
July :....... 76Mi 76% 75* i 7514
September 77% 77H 76»4 76%
December 7814 7SV4 77% 77%
Corn No. 2—
July 34 Vi 34% 344 34%
September 3i' 5 34% 34*4 84%
December 33% 33% 33% 33%
Oats No. —
July 23*4 24 23H 23%
September 21 21*4 20 7 * 21%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
July 830 BJO ' S 22% 825
September 846 S R74 8 424 S 424
Lard, per 100 pounds—
July 5 024 5 074 5 024 5 024
September 515 5 224 SIS 515
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
July 470 475 4 674 470
September 485 490 4 824 4 824.
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, steady: No. 3 spring wheat. 72%5-7fic;
No. 2 red 74(i?75 s ;c: No. 2 cgrn. 34%<3 > 34%e; »No.
2 oats. 25V4®26c; No. 2 white, 29% c: No. 3 white.
27<52S*;c; No. 2 rye, 60c bid; No. 2 barley. 36<@
37c: No. 1 flax seed. $1 03; new winter. $106;
prime timothy seed, $2 35; mess pork, per bar
rel. $7 SO® S 25; lard, per 100 pounds. $4 924®
5 07%; short ribs sides (loose), $4 50@4 80; dry
salted shoulders (boxed), 4M@4%c; short clear
sides (boxed). $5«?5 10; whisky, distillers fin
ished goods, per gallon, $1 2C. <
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 27,000 16.000
Wheat, bushels 120,000 6.000
Corn, bushels -...654.0*0 834.000
Oats, bushels 458.000 279.000
Rye. bushels 2.000 700
Barley, bushels 19,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm. Creameries. I3 u -'ftlßc; Dai
ries, 10(3'154c. Cheese, easy, 7%@SUc Eggs,
firm; fresh. 124 c.
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— July. Sept.
Opening 5 11% 6 14
Closing 6 11% 6 !
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— £"» Sept-Dec.
Opening 20 10 ■ 20 60
Closing 20 10 20 BO
PI our —
Opening 43 00 2? 10
Closing 43 00 28 10
AVAILABLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK. June 14.— Special cable and
telegraphic dispatches to Bradstre^t's indicate
the following changes In available supplies
last week:
. Wheat— United States and Canada, east of
Rockies, increase 1,030.000 bushels; afloat and
in Europe, decrease 400,000: total supply, in
crease 630.000.
Corn— United States and Canad.i, east of
the Rockies, Increase 52.000 bushels.
Oats— United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease 127,000 bushels. '
The aggregate stock of wheat held at Port
land. Ore., and Taeoma and. Seattle, Wash.,
increased 115.000 bushels last week.
CALIFORXIA FRUIT SALES.
CHICAGO. June 14.— Porter Bros. Company's
sales of California fruit were as follows: Apri
cots Royal, $1 65®2 60 single crates; Newcastle.
$1 35. Prunes— Tragedy, $1 40©l M single crates;
Blmoni, $2 20®2 25: Shlromono. $1 75. Cherries- I
Royal Anne. ' ■■>'■'■•' box. Pears— Wilder, 35c
half box; Madeline, 50c half box. Plums—Cly
man. 85c®$1 30 single crate; Royal Hative, $1 10
SI 20; Mikado, $170#176; Abundance. $1 70;
Red June. $1 70; Cherry, S6c. Peaches—Alex
ander, 65c(95l box; Governor Garland, 75c;
Hale's Early, 75c.
Earl Fruit Company's sales were as follows:
Burden Plums, average $2 32 single crates;
Klondike Plums, average $2 30; Royal Apricots,
$1 85®1 95, average $1 41 single crates; St. Cath
erine, average $1 06; Clyman Plums, 80c#$l 30,
average 99c; Tragedy Prunes, average $1 85;
Alexander Peaches, 50@85c. average 75c.
NEW YORK. June 14.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany California fruit auction: Tragedy Prunes,
single crate, $2 13<S2 3S, average $2 31: Royal
Apricots, $2 1092 25, average $2 12; Clyman
Plums, $1 16©] 60. average $1 42: St Catherines,
$1 3081 45. average ?1 88; Royal Hatlve Plums.
$1 1001 35, average $1 32: Garland Peaches,
average $1 30 per box; Alexander Peaches. 85c^j!
$1 20; Hale's Early, average We; black Oregon
Cherries, average %l 62.
Porter Bros Company sales: Figs— sl 90
box. Apricots— Royal, $1 4592 35 single crate;
Montftamet. $2 25. Tragedy, $1 80®2 36
single crate; Slmonl, $2 30. Plums— Yosabe,
SL' 15(ff2 25 single crate: Burbanks. $1 Gs'?2 35;
Abundance $1 10@l 90; Ciyman, $1 15©] 80; Sat
suma tl 15??1 45; Royal Hative, $1 10©l 40: St.
ratherine. $1 30. Cherries— Royal Anne. $i<n 95
box; black Oregon, $1 25. Peaches— Alexander,
6oc<sTsl 20 box; Brlgga May. 75©80 c.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHIC
CHICAGO. June 14. CATTLE were fairly
active at about steady prices. Good to fancy,
$5@6 f>o, commoner grades bringing $4 35i&4 95;
feeding cattle. $3 75' i?'. 15: bulls, cows and
heifers. $205 10, the latter price for fancy
heifers; Western steers, J! 60®o 35; Texan?,
«."! 75<f?.'>: calve?, $4 ■:■,: j ':'.< . • ';.';
HOGS There Was an active demand and the
early market was strong, with prices 2%{$ > '>c
hieher; law on weakened. Heavy hogs, $3 55®
3 S7'i: mixed lots. $3 70®3 91), and light. $3 70<a>
" 924; IK?. S3 31V 53 7:.. and culls. $1 50i@3 50.
SHEEP— SmaII receipts of sheep and lambs
n;n«le a strong market for desirable lots, but
common Grades were slow and weak. Sheep
-■' 1 I from $2 ■"■<■>'■;■>. 60 for culls up to $4 Bs@B for
giwd to choice flocks. Yearlings, $5 25<Ti5 0;
clipped lambs. $3 85@6; wooled Colorado lambs,
$fi 40<H<: .'O, and spring lambs. $4 5097 1 "..
Receipts— Cattle, 14, W0; hogs 30,000 sheep
13. '.00.
BOSTON wool MARKET.
BOSTON, June 14.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow: The wool
market has continued strong and active during
the past week, although the volume of busi
ness actually transacted Is slightly less than
that of the previous week. More wool could
have bean sold If holders had been willing to
make concessions, and consumers, who have
done most of the buying during the past week,
have In most Instances been obliged to pay full
prices for the stock which they secured. Con
tinued large sales of territory wool are report
ed, some of which were purchased by dealers.
In the country there Is as much as ever and
prices are advancing all along the lln?. For
eign wools are strong but quiet.
The sales of the week In Boston amounted to
4,475.600 pounds domestic and 504.000 pounds
foreign, making a total of 4,979,600 pounds,
against a total of 1 426,000 pounds for the cor
□ding week of last year. Sales since Jan
uary 1, 1899. ; amounted to 111.*>69,800 pounds,
against 52,869,310 pounds last year.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or., June Clearings, $288,
--995; balances, $87,575.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Or.. June Wheat— Walla.
Walla, 58©68% c; Valley, 59c; Rltiestem, 60#61c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash., June There was little
of interest In the wheat market to-day. Re
ceipts moderate and prices unchanged at 5Sc
for Club and 61c for Bluestem.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LIVERPOOL. June 14.— Wheat, steady:
wheat in Paris, quiet: flour In Paris, quiet;
French country markets, dull.
Cotton, uplands. 3 13-32 d.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL, June 24— WHEAT— Spot No.
2 red Western, steady, 6s 4d; No. 1 northern,
Duluth. steady. 6s 3' 2 d. Futures, quiet; July,
5s ll^d: September, 6s Id.
CORN Spot American mixed, new. firm, 3s
od: spot American mixed, old. firm. 3s S%d.
Futures, quiet; July, 3s 5%d; September,
3s 6V;d.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange. 60 day* — $4 g(ji£
Stirling Exchange, sight — 4 ggi^
Sterling Cables — 490'
New York Exchange, sight — •$< 1214
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15'
Mexican Dollars — 49%@50
Fine Silver, per ounce — SO«4
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— usual stereotyped news of dam
age In Russia came through, and as usual pro
duced but indifferent effect. In Southern Rus
sia, large areas of the crop were reported so
badly damaged that It will not be worth har
vesting. Beerbohm cabled rain In the Black
Sea district. Berlin cabled a more favorable
outlook In Russia.
The Chicago market met with poor support
and fell back somewhat. This market was dull
and net materially changed.
Spot .Wheat— Shipping, $1 o»H4@l OS$4: milling
$1 1091 12%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— December— 2ooo .His, $1 IK4
Regular Morning Session— 2oof» ctls, $1 ig%
--16,000, $1 18%. ■'■■' ■ »*..•
Afternoon Session— December— 4ooo ctls, $1 is
-16.000. si 17%: 6000. $117^; 2000, 17%..
BARLEY— The market is very soft, and while
there is no actual decline on the spot it is
understood that lots to arrive are being offered
at less than current Quotations. Futures are
stUl lower.
Feed. \Va\ 05; Brewing, $1 07%@l 10 per ctl
CALL BOARD SALES.:
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— December— 4000 '
ctls. S6«£c; 4000, 86^c.
Second Session— December— 2ooo ctls, SSc - 2000
Ss\c; 4000, M%C. - ." ''■ ' i
Uegular Morning Session — December— 4ooo ctls
So^c; 20.000, . Ss%c. Seller '99, new— 82»4c'
-20,000, 82Vic. ; . ' ■ ™ .-'
Afternoon Session— No sales. . .
•OATS— The market Is easier with Increased
arrivals, hut there is no actual decline. The
demand continues poor. .' ' ' ■ ' ■
Fancy Feed, $1 47',J@1 SO per ctl: good to
choice, $1 42VS 1 4"Vi; common. SI 32Vi@l 40;
I Surprise, $1 50@l 55; Gray. $1 35@1 45; Milling.
Jl 45@1 50 per ctl; Red, $1 35<??1 40; Black, $1 30
@1 324-
CORN—
Small round Yellow. $1 30@l 35; Eastern large
Yellow, $1 12%; White, ,?1 15; mixed, $110 per
ctl; California White, $1 17%@1 224-
RYE— 97>£c<gsl per ctl. ,
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
California family extras, $3 60@3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras. $3 40<g>3 50; Oregon
and Washington. $3 40@3 45 per barrel for extra,
$3 25@3 40 for bakers' and $2 20©2 50 for super
fine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 His; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, 37; Cornme.al, $2 50; ex
tra cream Cornmeol. $3 25; Oatmeal. $4 5034 75;
Oat ; Groats, $4 75; Hominy. $3 2503 60; Buck
wheat Flour. $4@4 25; Cracked "Wheat, $3 75:
Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels). $6 55@6 95; In sacks, $6 35@6 75;
Pearl Barley, f5; Split Peas. $4 50; Green Peas,
$6 per 100 lbs. .
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The slight upward tendency in new Hay con
tinues and a car of fine wheat sold at $10, the
highest figure thus far. The quotation is ex
treme,. however. While the market is firm, a
day or two of heavy receipts would probably
break it again.
Feedstuffs are unchanged.
BRAN— SI 6 50917 per ton.
; MIDDLINGS— SI?f&'2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $22 50@23 per !
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, $276?25; job- I
bing, $28 »o<f?29: Cocoanut Cake, $20021; Corn
meal, $23 50924 50; Cracked Corn, $24!§25; Mixed
Feed, $16916; Cottonseed Meal. $24@26 per ton.
I OLD HAY— Wheat, Ilo@ll 50 for good to
! choice and $809 50 for lower grades; Wheat and
| Oat. $8610 50; Oat, $7@9 50; Barley, $6@B; Al
falfa. 1507.
NEW HAY— Wheat. $809 50; Wheat and Oat. |
$898 B0; Wild Oat. $7®S; Alfalfa. $4 5006 50 j
per ton.
STRAW— 2S<gSOc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 40@l 50; Small White, $2® !
2 07%; Large White, $1 5001 65; Pinks, $1 65®
1 85; Reds, $3 40; Blackeye, $4@4 10; Butters,
nominal; Limas, $3 90@4; Pea, $1 85® 2 15; Red j
Kidneys, $2 50 per ctl.
— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow I
Mustard, 2V6'3c; Flax, nominal; Canary Seed. '
2\c per lb; Alfalfa, 9tj9'-c; Rape, 3®3%c;
Hemp. 4"4&4% c: Timothy. 4«i@sVic.
DRIED PEAS— N lies, $1 50&1 &0; Green, $176
@2 25 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes are steady at the Improved prices. j
Onions are firm and one lot sold up to 55c.
A car of Mississippi Tomatoes is in, selling
at $1 6001 75 in 15-lb crates. Other Vegetables j
are in their usual good supply and easy.
POTATOES— New Peerless, $1509185; new
Early Rose. $1 2501 50; Burbanks, $1350185 per
otl OH the wharf.
ONIONS— New, 350:45 c per sack for red and
■ per ctl for Sllversklns.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, 6Ooosl 25 per box 1
for No. 2. 11509176 for No. 1 and $292 25 for ;
fancy; Rhubarb, 25990 c per box; Green Peas, |
1%@2%c pe'' Ib; String Beans, 103 c for Green, j
495 c for Refugee and 2@2%c for Golden Wax; j
Horse Beans, 40950 c per sack: Cabbage, We®
$1; Tomatoes, $1 5093 per box; Mexican Toma- •
tons. ; F.gg Plant. 1240 per lb: Garlic, 3<gsc
for new; Dried Okra, 15c per lb; Dried Peppers,
lite; Green Peppers, 10@12%c; Carrots, 30940 c
per sack: Sacramento and Marysvllle Cucum
bers. sOeosl per box; Summer Squash, 300
per box for Vacavllle and 76c05l 25 for Bay; 1
Green Corn, 10@25c per dozen.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Two cars of Eastern go on to-day.
Local stock is quiet at unchanged quotations. j
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 14®15c for Gob
blers and 14015 c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$101 25; Goslings, $101 25; Ducks. $45j5 for j
old and $4 5096 for young; Hens. $5@7;
young Roosters, $60S; old Roosters, $5 5096*.
Fryers, $4 500/5; Broilers, $304 for large. $2®
2 50 for small: Pigeons, $1 25Q'2 per dozen for
old and $1 2502 for Squabs.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Ranch Eggs are steady, but store are a shade j
easier. ' I
Butter Is accumulating and the feeling Is j
1 easy. The demand is very slow. Cheese is as j
! before.
i BUTTER—
Creamery Fancy Creamery, ISVsOl9c; sec- I
onds, 17%®18c.
Dairy — 17'(t174c; good to choice, 16® ■
16Hc: store, 14?f15c per lb.
CHEESE Choice mild new, S@Stfc; old, 7%c;
Young America. 9910 c; Eastern, 13015 c.
EGGS— Quoted at 16017 c for store and 19920 c
per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 16© 17c for No. 1
and 14915 c for seconds. .
• DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The flood of Peaches. Pears and Apples from
the river and other points continues and prices
j are low In consequence. Figs, Grapes and
i Cherries keep up. Peaches are the weakest
article on the list. Apricots, too, are weaker,
with better supplies.
Berries are coming in more freely and quota
tions are tending downward. Small Strawber
ries alone are In light supply. Currants are do-
Ing better under small receipts.
Oranges and Lemons are firm, but Limes are
quiet and easy.
The dinners are paying the following prices
for future delivery! Peaches, $20 for frees and
$30 for clings; Apricots. $30050 per ton, accord-
I Ing to size, quality and district; Bartlett Pears,
J40043 per ton.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
Apples, 25935 c per small and 60c@$l per large
box and 15 '■:: C per basket.
BERRIES Gooseberries, 40950 c per drawer
: and 195 c per Ib In bulk; Blackberries, 1498 per
chest; from Fresno, 50@75c per crate; from
Newcastle, : j ..''<i7. ■■: Strawberries, $6910 per chest
for small and $304 for large berries; Rasp
berries, $408 per chest; Newcastle Raspberries,
7r.cosl per crate; Logan Merries, $406 per chest.
Seedless Grapes from Yuma, $15001 75 per
crate.
Currants, $40". per chest.
Cherries, 60 '<:*! per box for black; Royal |
Anne, BSC<isl 25; black, In bulk, B@loc per lb; j
Royal Ann-. R.f/lOc; cracked Cherries, 4®7c.
Green Pears, 25®35c per box and 13023 c per
basket: Bartletts, nominal.
Figs. 76c per drawer and $1 6093 60 per box for
black and 'or white.
Apricots, 50985 c per boa and 30950 c per basket
for Royals.
Peaches, 15950 c per box and 20935 c per bas
\ ket.
Plums. 10975 c per box; large Prunes, 75e@
$1 per crate. •
. Cherry Plums, 25c per drawer.
CITRUS FRUITS Navel Oranges. $2 500.4 per
box: Seedlings. $125(52 25; Mediterranean
Sweets, $203; Lemons, $15002 for common and
$2 5003 for, good to choice; Mexican Limes, $1-3)
4 60; California Limes, 25950 c per small box;
Pomelos, 50c@$l; Bananas, $1 5002 60 per bunch;
Pineapples, $293 per dozen.
* DRIED FRUITS. NUTS AND RAISINS.
A car of Eastern Evaporated Apples Is in,
and is already cleaned out at lie, under : a
sharp demand. Apples are scarce here. Noth
ing else new.
DRIED FRUITS— 6V4c for 40-50' 5c
for 50-00' s, 4c for 60-70' s, S%9S\c for 70-80's
2«i<s3\4c for 80-90' S, 2Ho23ic for 90-100's and
202Vic for 100-llQ's; Peaches, 8H99%C for good
to choice, 10910 HO for fancy and 14015 c for
peeled; Apricots, 12%013c for Royals and 14^ !
16c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, nominal:
sun dried, out; Plums, nominal. l'-.r for unpit
ted and 4V4@6c for pitted; Pears, 3®9c. accord
ing to color, etc.
RAISINS— 3Sic for two-crown, 4»;c for three
crown, 6%0 for four-crown, 4H96C for Seedless
Sultana*. 3'ic for Seedless Muscatels and $120
for London layers; Dried Grapes, 2%(^3c
NUTS— Chestnuts, "c per Ib; Walnuts S«JSc
for hardshell, 10@llc for softshell; Almond- 89
9c for hardshell, 12918« for softshell. 14@16c for
papershell; Peanuts, 6®7c for Eastern and 4V4@
6c for California; Cocoanuts, $4 609&
HONEY— Comb. 10@llc for bright and B@flc
for lower grades; water white extracted, 6H@
7c; light amber extracted, 6Vi@6%c; dark, 5@
5<2C per rb.
BEESWAX— 2S@27c per IT..
PROVISIONS.
A decline in Cottolene is noted.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, »c per Tb for heavy,
S%@9c for light medium, 10H@llc for light. 12c
for extra light and 12^@13c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, llH@l2c; California '
Hams, lOVic: Mess Beef, $13 per bbl; extra
Mess Beef, $14; Family Beef, $16915 60; extra
prime Pork, .sl2 50; extra clear, $16 50; mess,'
$15915 50; Smoked Beef, 12c per tb. ;
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6'/i@6^c per It) for
compound and 6^<g7c for pure; half barrels,
pure. 7".ic:'lo-m tins, 7%98c; :.-It> tins. B*B%c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%c: packages, less
than 300 lbs, 1-lb palls. 60 in a case, 9Hc;
3-Ib palls, 20 in a case, S%c; 5-lt> palls, 12 in a
case, SHe; 10-It> palls, 6 In a case. B%c; 50-rb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case. 7%c;. wooden buckets, 20
lbs net. BVsc; fancy tubs, 80 tbs net, I 7^c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs. ~%c.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
about 1c under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, lie: medium, 10c; light, 9>4c; Cowhides.
9%c: Stags, 6V4c; Salted Kip, 9^c; Calf. 10c;
dry Hides, sound. 17c; culls and brands, 13c;
dry Kip and Veal, 15<§15%c; dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 20035 C each; short
Wool, 35@50c each; medium, 60@7ik:; Ion? Wool,
90c@$l 25 each; Horse Hides, Halt. $2«g>2 50 for
large and $1 for small; Colts. 60c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4®4V4c per Ib; No.
2, 3©3Vjc; refined, — ; grease, 2c.
WOOL — Spring " Clips — San Joaquln and
Southerns, 7 months. 7@9c; Foothill and North
ern free, ll(&'12^c; Foothill and Northern de
fective. • 9<f?llc; Nevada, UOISCi San Joaquln
Foothill free, o<?nic; do defective, l<B9c; Hum
boldt and Mendocino, 15®16c: Eastern Oregon,
ll@l3c for choice and 9i}illp for fair to good.
HOPS— IB9B crop, 13®-17Hc per Ib.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. . RV4(!J5\c: Wool
Bags. 26'S2Sc: San Quentin Bags, $4 96.
i Wellington, $S per ' ton; New Welllnsr
ton. $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle. $6;
Bryant, $6; Coos Bay. $5; Wallsend, $7 60;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, $8 50 in bulk and $9 50
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $11;
Cannel. $S 50 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14
I in sacks.
I CORDAGE— Is quoted as follows: Pure Ma
nila. 12c; Sisal, HVic; bale rope, lie; Duplex,
1014 c per lb basis.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6%c;
Powdered. 5%c; Candy Granulated, 5%c; Dry
Granulated, s<4c; Confectioners' A. 5%c; Cali
fornia A, sc; Magnolia A, 4 7 «c: Extra C. 4%c-
Golden C. 4%c: barrels, l-16c more: half -barrels!
i>4c more; boxes. V* more: 50-lb bags, %c more.
No order taken for less than -76 barrels or its
equivalent.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
There Is nothing new to report. '^i'-
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7^OB^O per It) for Steers and 6%«7c
for Cows. i
VEAL— 7@9c per It)
■ MUTTON— Wethers, 797% c; Ewes, 7c per tt>.
LA MB- Spring. 7^-iiSc per rb.
PORK-Live Hogs. 5%@5%c for small. 5%«
sT*q for medium and 5®6%c for large; stock
Hogs and Feeders, 4»;<35c; dressed Hogs, 7@
e^C.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Wednesday, June 14.
Flour, qr sks .... 12,806 Sugar, sks 630
Wheat, ctls 465 Sugar, bbls 850
Barley, ctls 1,815 Chicory, sks . . 33
Oats, rtis 1,260 Pelts, bdls 3 790
Corn, ctls 30 Quicksilver, fiks. 27S
Rye. ctls 1,5111 Hides. No. ... 15
Cheese, ctls 307 Leather rolls .... 116
Butter, ctls 184 Lime, bbls 182
Beans, sks ■. . 563. Wine, gals 10 wo
Potatoes. ,=k« .... 1,66* Wool, bags 232
•Middlings, sks... 808. Eggs, doz 12,210
Bran, sks 720 Hay, tons 261
Onions, sks ...... 910
■ • OREGON..
Flour,' qr sks .... ILBBJ Potatoes. ski .... 'IS
Wheat, ctls 760 Bran, sks ... 2,790
Oats, ctls 740 Shorts, gks ...... 1,975
THE STOCK MARKET.
[ On the morning session of th« Bond Ex
| change Gas and Electric sold down *.o $71, other
j changes being narrow.
Prices remained about the same In the after
noon.
Mining stocks continued to shrink. The tele
gram from the pump said: "The second ele
vator Is keeping the water down, running one
third time. The repairs on the hoisting engine
I will soon be finished."
The delinquent assessment sale of the Potosi
; Mining Company will be held to-day.
The last dividend of the Calumet and He<*la
■ copper mine of Michigan Ik payable on June 2S.
1 The amount Is $2.1.100,000, the largest in the his
j tory of the company.
A dividend of 10 cents per share has been de
-1 clared by the New York and Honduras Rosarlo
1 Mining Company, payable June 20.
The Ogceola copper mine of Michigan will pay
: a dividend of $27:*.00Q to-day.
The Republic mine of Washington will pay a
; dividend of $31,500 to-day.
I The Highland mine, on which the Homestake
Company has an option for 87,500 shares of its
i proposed Increased capital, has paid in dlvi
; dends to date the sum of $3.554,718.
I The letter from the Justice mine says: On
' the 370-foot lf-\el the upraise from the old west
i crosscut has been carried up 21 feet. The top
I Shows two feet of ore, giving average assays
•of $r.' 4o gold and 7 ounces silver; total, $lfi fiO
I per ton. West crosscut No. 1 from the station
was advanced 10 feet, making its total length
I^l feet from the station. The face is in por
-1 l'hyry. with streaks of quartz. During the punt
week we have milled 122 tons and 1250 pounds of
ore, the average assay of the car samples being:
Gold, $1161; silver, 3.5 ounces; total, $13 70
I per ton.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, June 14—2 p. m.
Bid.Ask.i Bid. Ask.
Bonds— |Motual El Co. 14\ 15
4s quar c0up.,114 — Oakland Gas.. 4514 -■
4s quar reg... — — ; p u .; Gas Imp.. Tl" . 74-.
4s quar new..123V»130 Pa.' T. Co - 4.")
5e quar coup. .loß — S F G & E.... 71. 71%
Miscellaneous— San Fran .-I-, :%» t
Cal-st Cab 05.117 - Stockton Gas. 12 —
•' C Wat 55. ...11 l 112H Insurance—
E L & }• 65..131H— Firem's Fund. 22o —
F & Cl Ky 6s.U5Vi — i Hank Stocks—
Geary-sl H 6s. 90 '.<9 'Anglo-Cal — 65^
H C & S 5' 2 5..1024 — Bank of Ca1..28S —
L A Ry 5s 106%— Cal S D & T. — 99
L A L Co 65.101H — first Natlonl.22o —
Do gntd Ss.lOlH I^«n P & A 129%131H
I- A I. Co Bs. — 102% Mer Exchange - 16 "
Market-s< 6p. 129 Nev Nat Bk. — 19u
Do Ist M ss. — 1174 Savings Banks—
N ■■ N G R "s.IOB Ger S & L..16W 16.-,k ■
N Ky Cal 65.. — 117 Hum S & L.10.0 1160
N :; of ''a! r,s. — 114 Mutual Say. 35 —
NPc R R «s. — — .8 F Say \\. 500 » —
N PC R R ss. — — |S & L So.. — 86»i
N Cal R R ss. 11l — Security SB.— 300 "
Oak Gas 55.. 11 l — L'nion T Co. — 1465
Om C Ry 6s. 127 130 Street Railroads—
P& Cl Ry 65. 107 109 California ....116 —
!> & O «h 117 — Geary 50 —
Powell-st Rs... — 122^ Market-st 62 ' i 62%
3ac El Ry ss. — — Oak S L & H — —
SF& iN P Bs. — 1164 Presidio — 16
R F & S JV55.114V4116 Pow«er—
Sierraß I'al fis.ios». a — California — 17",
S P of A 65>..113',114 E Dynamite... i>o —
S 1" C 6s (1905) — ltttt Giant on Co. 74*4 75H
SPC 6s (1906) — — Vigorit 3»» ?.>.
SPC 6s (1912) — - : Sugar—
SPCIs eg 55.104 - Hana P C 0.... 17« is
SPBr 6s 124 — Haw C & PC. 99U —
S V Wat 65. ..116 - Hutch S P Co. 38% 34
3 V Wat 48....104K104H Kllauea S Co. 3H-, -
S V W4st3dm) 101U102 Onomea S Co. 40% 41
Stktn Gas 6s. 1024 — Paauhau S P. 40' i4l
Writer Stocks-- j Miscellaneous—
Contra Costa.. 69% — Al Pac A55n. .1124113
Marin Co 50 — |Ocr Ld Wks.2so —
Bpring Valley. lol%lo2 Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Gas and Electric— Oceanic S Co. 84y 55%
Capital Gas... — — Pac A F A V H :•,
Central G Co.. — — Pac C Bor C 0.125. 125 —
Cent L ft P.. 6 7 Par Paint Co.. 74 —
Equit G L Co. 4 7 * 6%
Morning Session.
Board—
5" Contra Costa Water 70 00
50 Contra Costa Water, cash 6 1 .' 87%
125 Equitable Gas 6 37%
100 Equitable Gas ;, 12%
6 Hana Plantation Co 18 00
;;.""• Onomea Bugar Co 40 50
885 Oceanic S S Co 85 50
100 Paauhau S I' Co 4n :,o
10 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 72 00
325 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 71 7r.
256 S;m FranctßCO Gas & Electric Co 71 00
$10,000 S I 1 Of A bonds 11.-, 7.".
Street—
65 Giant Powder Con 75 00
$16,000 North Ry of Cal 5 per cent bd5...113 50
Afternoon Session.
Boa rd—
445 Contra Costa Water (9 87%
25 Contra Costa Water 69 75
M Giant Powder Oon 75 00
50 Hana Plantation Co 17 874
40 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 10u 00
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 90 5n
100 Hufhlnson S P Co, b 5 33 87 ',j
25 Mm ket Street Railway 62 00
75 Market Street Railway 62 25
25 Onomea Sugar Co 4050
50 Oceanic 8 S Co 85 50
30 San Fran Gas & Electric Co. s 80 71 25
ISO San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 71 25
130 San Francisco Gas <£- Electric Co 71 00
10 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 71 50
100 Vigorit Powder 3 374
400 Vigorit Powder 3 25
$1000 N Ry of Cal 5 per cent bonds 113 50
Street—
$1000 Market St Ry Ist Con 5 pr ct bds.ll7 00
100 Onomea Sugar Co 40 50
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
30 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 72 50
£0 Equitable Gas 5 50
50 Hana Plantation Co IS 00
10 Market Street Railway 61 75
2". Market Street Railway 62 00
50 Hutchinson S P Co 33 75
Afternoon Session.
Board—
25 Spring Valley Water 10150
SO Snn Kran.-lsco Gas A- Electric Co 71 75
20 San Francisro Gas * Electric Co 71 62H
25 Contra Costa Water 69 75
30 Paauhau S P Co 40 50
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
15 Contra Costa Water 70 00
50 Equitable Gas 5 50
mo Hana Plantation Co 17 87%
30 Onomea Sugar Co 40 75
21 Pacific Coast Borax 125 00
20 Spring Valley Water 10175
Afternoon Session.
Board —
$1000 Cal St Cable 5 per rent bonds in 50
20 Giant Powder Con 74 7 r .
75 Equitable Ga* 5 25
25 Equitable Gas 5 12%
20 Spring Valley Water 101 62%
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Caledonia 7S 300 Overman 20
150 Caledonia 77 i 100 Overman 19
600 ('hollar 23 200 Savage 93
inn frown Point... 2R 2M) Sierra Nevada. 66
200 Gould & Curry 25 100 Union Con 33
3m Mexican ,4R' 100 Yellow Jacket. 39
Afternoon Session.
100 Caledonia 65 100 Hale A Norcra 33
200 i -hollar 24 600 Mexican -
-100 Con Cal & Va.l ."0 100 Occidental 05
100 con Cal & Va.l 55 200 Union Con 3s
30f> Crown Point .. 2S 200 Yellow Jacket. 37
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stork
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
ECO Belcher 35 50 Mexican 45
300 Caledonia 75 350 Ophir ] (5
300 Caledonia 67 200 Ophir 1 o'4
300 Caledonia 66 600 Overman "«
750 Con Cal & V...1 60 3<*i Overman ' 17
1200 Con Cal &• V.I 57% 200 Potosi sg
900 Con Cal & V.I 524 500 Potosi 35
880 GouW & Curry 26 400 Sierra Nevada' 6S
200 Gould * Curry 25 900 Utah v
900 Mexican 47.
Afternoon Session.
300 Andes 12 200 Con Cal & V.I 52«
200 Best & Belcher 45 800 Hale & Norcrs 32
200 Caledonia 66, 200 Mexican 47
500 Caledonia 65 1 200 Ophir 1 02' 2
200 Caledonia ...... 70 1 300 Overman ....... 19
300 Chollar 24 300 PotosJ 3o
300 i 'hollar 25 500 Potosl 36
700 Con Cal & V...1 50 200 Sierra Nevada. 66
10 Con Cal & V...1 40 500 Utah 14
300 Con Cal & V...1 55 300 Yellow Jacket. 37
CLOSING QUOTATIONS,
WEDNESDAY, June 14—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha "2 05 Justice 17 IS
Alta fk 08 Kentuck 04 05
Andes 11 13 Lady Wash .... 01 02
Belcher 34 36 Mexican 47 4«
Best & Belcher 45 46 Occidental 2,". 2?
Bullion 06 07 Ophir 100 105
Caledonia 67 — Overman 17 18
Chollar 24 25 Potosi 35 37
Challenge Con. 30 32 Savage. 23 21
Confidence 100 1 10 Scorpion -- 03
Con Ca] & Va.l 50 155 Res Belcher ... 07 OS
Con Imperial...' 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 67 65
Crown Point .. 2S 29 Silver Hi11'.... 02 03
Con New York. — 03 Syndicate — r '-'
Exchequer 02 03 Standard .:....240250
Gould & Curry 25 26 Union Con 3* 33
Hale & Norcrs 33 34 Utah 13 14
Julia 02 03 Yellow Jacket. 38 39
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Ellen Ross to Louis Greenbaum, lot on E
lint* of Franklin street, 75:S S of Washington,
8 26 by B 137:6; $10.
Pauline M. Steiger to Pauline M. A. Pflster,
lot on S line of Hayes street, 181:3 \V of Devlsa
dero. W 25 by S 137:6; $10.
Carl J. and Boiena Larsen to Caroline H.
Robinson (wife of J. A.), lot on NE line of
Tenth street, 275 SE of Howard, SE 40 by NE
100; ?10.
Mary A. ChlDchase to Eliza D., Clara E.
and John M. Chipchase and Lucy C. Gray
(Chipchase),, lot on W line of Elgin Park. 257
S of Herman street. S 22 by W 75; gift.
Same to Fame, same (quitclaim ; $5.
John Ellis to Thomas P. Ellis, undivided
one-third of lot on N line of Ford street, 210
E of Noo, B 25 by N 114; $10.
Mary A. Ellis to same, all same: $10.
Margaret and George R. Munroe to Hibernla
Savings and Loan Society, lot on NW line of
Market street. 26S:4Vi XE of Castro, NE 25,
NW 116, W 28, R 8. SE 123; $10.
William F. Thompson to Mary T. Thompson,
lot on E line of Howard street, 125 N of
Twenty-fourth, N 30 by E 122:6; gift.
Timothy Griffin to Francis J. and Ellen
Griffin, undivided two-thirds of lot on E line
of Hyde street, 112:6 X of Vallejo, N 25 by
E 52:6; $10. ■■■--, a /■- ;'
Unknown owners (by Luman Wadham, Tax
Collector) to J. G. Klunipke. lot on SE line of
Hubbell street. ?M SW of Seventh, SW 20 by SE
12>). tax deed: 53.
Ine O. and Maude B. Heydenfeldt to Grace G.
Heydenfeldt iwlfe of F. O.), lot on SE line of
Foleom street, 342:6 SW of Third. SW l.Vi. SE
90, NX 110, S TO, NX 40, NW 160, and right of
way iiver Louise street or Louisa alley: $10.
Ann H. Farrell to William P. J. Farrell. lot
on XW line of Xatoma street, 100 XE of Sixth,
NE 25 hy XW 80; gift.
l>l'os Land Company fa corporation) to Car
rie E. Bridge, lot on W line of Twenty-second
avenue, 100 S of Lake street, S 25 by W~l2<>; $10.
Same to Agnes B. Rradford (wife of W.), lot
on E line of Thirteenth avenue, 125 S of Cali
fornia street. S 25 by E 12H; %]<>.
Pauline M. Steiger to Anna K. Victor, lot on
W line of Twenty-second avenue, 275 X of Point
Lobos. X 100 by W 240: $10.
Estate John "Henry (by William F. Miller,
administrator) to C. S. Kittrvdge. lot on W
line of Sixth avenue, 225 X of B street, N 25
by W 120; |526.
J. C. and Mary E. McMullen to C. J. Barta,
lot on W line of Forty-fourth avenue, 167 X
of J street, X 8 by W 120, quitclaim deed; $10.
Albert and Mary Matschke to Herman J.
Sadler, lot on E line of Thirty-second avenue,
I'm s of J street, 8 60 by E 120; $100.
Benjamin F. and Zella B. Clarke to Sydney
J. and Kathe B. Kelton. lot on SE corner of
Twenty-eighth avenue and X street E 132 - fi
by S 100; also loi on E line of Twenty-eighth
avenue, IC«i S of X street. S 25 by E 100; also
lot on E line of Twenty-eighth avenue, ITT, S
of X street. S 150 by E 120: also all interest
In outside Lands block 7?.',: $.-,.
Sarah M. an.l Marlon Thrasher to F. L.
Yoakum, lot on S line of Geneva street 236
W of Howth, S 100 by E 50, lot 1, block n.
San Miguel City; alsn lot on Q street. 40 W of.
Forty-seventh avenue. W 42:6 by X 100; $1.
■ l"hn W. and Annie L. Wright to T'cilla E.
• '.,k . lot on SW line of Xapl»s street. 180 SW
of Japan, SW 50 l>v SE 100, lot 2, block 53,
Excelsior Homestead; $10.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to Sylves
ter A. Khlrtdge, lot 8, plot 1, Odd Fellows'
Cemetery; $350,
Alameda County.
John F. Anderson to John Clogett, lot on W
line of Union s-treet. 50 S Thirtieth, S GO by
W 115, Oakland; $10.
Eliza A. (widow of Robert S. Egbert),
Charles, Warren. Effle, Alvin and Walter Eg
bert (children of Robert S. Egbert), to Morris
Lobner, lota 17. IS, 21 ana 22. block L. Roberts
and Wolfskin Tract Map 3, Oakland; grant.
GUBtave Harris to Knima Brundage. lot on
E line Racine street. '■<< S .!•.>-. S 50, E 99.36
N 50. W 101.20 to beginning, being lot 10, block
E, Roberts and WolfsUll Tract, subject to
det>d of trust for $800, Oakland; $10.
Anton. 'tte E. Plrne to Octavie RUIIet, lot
on N line of Elm street. 250 W Telegraph ave
nue, w so hy X 13S, being lot 48, block O,
Kelsey Tract. Oakland: $2100.
Pacific Coast Dredging and Reclamation
Company (a corporation), San Francisco, to
Charles Jurgens. lots 3 to 10, block 79, Map
of Watson property, Kast Oakland; $10.
Peter H. Smith to Mary Smith, real prop
erty and two dwellings kn.iwn as Nos. 2045
and 2047 Encinal avenue, Alameda; gift.
Emil G. and Jennie Schonwasser to Marlon
E. Hovey (wife of C. E. Hovey). all Interest
in lot on N line of Encinal avenue, ios w
Lafayette street. W 4'> by N 93:4, being the
W 40 feet of lots 16. 17 and IS. block 5. Bart
lett Tract. Alameda: $10.
Marcus P. Wlggln et al. (by D. C. Murphy,
commissioner) to Mutual Savings Bank of San
Francisco, lot on W line of Broadway, 226 3
1 ntral avenue, prior to widening, S 75 Ly
W 14" :2. Alameda: $3628
F. W. Henshaw 'executor estate of Mary J.
Evoy) to George Sterling, all interest in the
f..ll. .wing: 1/ot on W line of Telegraph avonje.
60 S of Fortieth street. S 5n by W I<K). being
li ; ", block 8080, map of estate of John Evoy,
in j'lat 36, rancho Of V. and D. Peralta; also
lot "n SW corner of Market ami Fortieth
streets, w 103.70 i>y S 160, being lots z, 4 and
6 on above map. Oakland: $13no.
John W. Hope to Eleanor Hope, lot on SE
corner of Jean street and boundary line ot
Sunny Slope Tract, x 102.74, E 172. ir>. s 12.066, w
19t5.94 to beginning, being lot 19 and portion of
lot is. block B, Map of Sunny Slope, Oak
land; gift.
Emma W. Shattuck to K. Van Oterendorp,
lot on N line of Central avenue as it existed
August 7. 54.75 W of Union street. W 76 by N
180, I'l.ck 4. lands adjacent to Encinal, Ala
meda; $9000.
Joslah Harding to George Colder, lot on 8
line of Linden lane, 1060 NE from E line of
Telegraph avenue, XE IW.S2. SE 52«.2. r >, SW
.liil.r;2. XE 549.20 to beginning, containing 4.35
acres, Oakland; also lot on NE corner of Ala
meda avenue and Willow street, N* 150 by E 50,
Alame.la; also property in San Francisco; $10.
, John D. and as attorney ami Mary M. Need
ham, by attorney, to William Gallagher, lot on
W iin« of Chetwood street. 113.96 N of Moss
avenue, N 3<l by W SS. being the rear '.Vi fe..f.
of lots S and 6, block B, Stanford Tract Oak
land; $10.
Frederick and Maria Mat hews to Essie C.
O'Rourke (wife of J. J.), lot on SW corner of
Avon street and Second avenue, W 121 6 by S
inn, being lots 29 and 30, block B, Vemon Park
Oakland: $10.
Edward P. Flint to James Eva Estate (a ror
porntiont, San Francisco, lots 9 and in nr ,\ y
G feet of lots 5 to S and W 20 feet of lot n'
block Ix 6, Oakland; $30,000. '
Hnch^l Searles to Marttn Sanders lot on SF
line Of Valdes street. 360 SW of Railroad ave
nue. SW 2.-,. SE 172.78, E 88.23. XW 201 1 71 to
beginning, being lot 20, block A Kennedy
Tract. East Oakland: tB nM>
Builders' Contracts.
Marsraret K. Foulkes (owner) with Charlen
M. Depew (contractor), architect J Mora Mo",
—All work for a three-flat frame building on
E line of Simice street, 107:7% S of <sacra
memo, s 25 by E 112:8; $3725
SUN , MOON AND TIDE
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Watew at Fort Point, entrance to Sa™
Franc, sco Bay. Published by official nTi
thority of the Superintendent tniplal au '
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at For Point
the height of tide is the same at both places
THURSDAY. JUKE 15.
NOTE— Tn the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
nanrt column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of tlie day. except where there are but
three tirtej. as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on tne
United States Coast Burvey charts, except
when a minus sign (- 1 precedes the height
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
pference is the mean nf the lower low T\-;ite. r;i
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrngraphic Office, V. S. X., Mer
chant?' Exchange, Pan Francisco, pal
June 14, 1899.
The tiinp bnll on the tower of the new Ferry
huildinfr was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich time.
CO. CATKIN'S
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., in charge
AUCTION SALES-
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
>fes £*£ #^V
AT -EMPORIUM STOCK YARDS,
220 VALENCIA STREET,
THIS DAY, THURSDAY. June 15, at 11 a. m..
We will sell by order of Piercy Bros. 50 head
of good young broke horses, suitable for all
purposes. Horses at yards now and can be seen
In harness from now until day of sale; no limit
or reserve. SULLIVAN & DOYLE.
Livestock Auctioneers.
Office 327 Sixth st.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, June 14.
Stmr Weeott. Burtis, 24 hours from Eureka.
fir stmr Carlisle City. Altken, 44 days from
Hongkong.
Ship Charmer, Davis, Sty days from De
parture Bay.
Bk Edward May, Backus 26 days from Hon
olulu.
Bktn Monitor. Turloff, 30 hours from Eu
reka.
Schr John G. North. Austin, 21 days from
Honoipu.
Sohr Joseph Russ, Peterson, 30 days from
Altata.
Schr Golden Gate, Madsen, 22 hours from
Mendocino.
Schr Oem, Nelson. 3 days from Coos Bay.
Schr Rio Rey, Johnson, 42 hours from Cas
par, j-/'
CLEARED.
Wednesday, June 14.
Stmr Alameda, Yon Oterendorp. Honolulu
and Sydney: J. D. Spreckels & Bros. Co.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, Eureka; Charles
Nelson. < <(*
Br ship Andreta, Nickerson, Queenstown; G. 1
W. McNear.
Bk Theobald, Cameron, Nanalmo; John
Rosenfelds Sons.
Bk Albert, Griffith, Honolulu; Williams. Dl
mond & Co.
Schr General Banning; Thomas, La Par,
William. Olsen.
SAILED.
Wednesday. June 14.
Stmr Willamette. Hansen. Seattle.
Stmr Progress, Monroe, Seattle.
Stmr Rival. Johnson. Fort Bragg.
Tug Rescue, Thompson, Grays Harbor.
Schr Daisy Row, Wilson, Coos Bay.
Schr Mary Etta, Nyman, Bowens Landing.
Schr Mary E. Russ, Wilkender, Grays Har
bor.
Schr Sacramento, Gruggle. Tillamook.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, June 14. 10 a. m.— Weather
hazy; wind NW: velocity S miles.
MEMORANDUM.
Per Br ship Benerew. at San Francisco June
13, from Newcastle, N. S. W. Sailed from
Newcastle April IS: had strong NE winds to
the north" end of New Zealand; head winds
from N to E to lat 35 S; from thence to the
Pttcairn Islands had E to SE winds; had NW
winds from Pitcairn Islands to lat IS S; took
SE trades In lat IS S and carried them to lat
8 X; crossed the equator on May 10 in lons
117 56 W: took NE trades in lot 10 X and car
ried them to lat 31 30 X, lone 141 W; from
thence to port had ENE to XW winds.
Per Br stmr Carlisle City— 11, 460 WSW
of San Francisco saw a four-masted bark
steering NE.
Stmr Aberdeen launched June 10 from J.
Lindstrom's yard. Grays Harbor, . for Beadle
Bros. Stmr San Pedro to be launched June
14 at same place for J. R. Hanlfy & Co.
SPOKEN.
May 29, lat 50 N, long 29 W, Br bk Grenada,
from Taeoma, for Queenstown.
MISCELLANEOUS.  *
Br stmr Port Albert, which arrived at Seat- P«
tie to-day, having sailed from San Francisco 1 /
June 4. was delayed on voyage by machinery
breaking down.
CHARTERS.
The Dalgonar loads wheat at Taeoma for
Europe. 30s fill ; Puritan, same business, 355;
Gunford. wheat at Portland for Europe, 37s 6d.
The Golden Shore loads lumber on tha
Sound for Sydney, 41s 6d.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Arrived June 13— Bk Sonoma,
hence May 24. Schr A. Campbell, from San
Pedro. Bk Tidal Wave, from San Pedro
Sailed June IS— Stmr Washtenaw, for San
Francisco.
PORT TOWXSBND- Arrived June 14— Bk
Get-mania, hence May 24. Gr bk Plus, from
Ylaiiivostock.
SEATTLE— Arrived June 14— Br stmr Port
Albert, hence June 4. Bk Germanla. hence
June 28.
NEAH— Passed out June 14— Br stmr Bris
tol, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived June 13— Schr Wing &
Wing, hence May 25.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived June 14-Schr
Newark,* hence June 13.
POINT REYES— Passed June 14— Stmr Pasa
dena, from Eureka, for San Pedro.
VENTURA— Arrived June 14— Stmr George
Lor.mis, hence June 13.
PORT ANGELES— Passed out June 14— Br
ship Iverness-shire, from Taeoma. for Sydney.
■ PORT TOWNSEND— SaiIed Inward June 14—
Gr bk Prompt.
EUREKA— Arrived June 14-Stmr Pomona,
hence June 13. Schr Lottie Carson, from,
San Diego.
SEATTLE-Sailed June 14 -Jap stmr Kinshiu
Maru. for Yokohama. Stmr Humboldt, for
Dyes . ■
SAN PEDRO— Sailed June 14-Schr Dora
Bluhm. for Blakeley.
AFOGNAK— Arrived May 10— Stmr Gertie
Story, hence April 28.
CHIGNIK May s— Ship L. J.
Morse, hence April 6.
KARLUK— Arrived May 3— Ship Santa
Clara, hence April 7. Stmr Wigwam. from
Redfish Bay. May 21— Ship St. Nicholas, hence
April IT.
COQUILLE RlVEß— Sailed June 13— Schr
Barbara Hamster, for San Francisco. .
SALMON BAY- Arrived June 14— Schr C. H. 4l
Merchant, hence May 30.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived June 14— Bktn
Leslie D.. from Townsend.
COOS BAY— Sailed June 14— Stmr Arcata. for
San Francisco.
VENTURA— June 14— Stmr George
Loomis. for San Francisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived June Stmr Columbia,
hence June 12.
PORT LTTDLOW— Arrived , June 14— Gr bk
Prompt, from Guaymas.'
POINT ARENA— Sailed June 14— Stmr
Whltesboro, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
MANILA— Sailed June 14— Stmr Ohio, for
San Francisco, via Nagasaki.
NAGASAKI— Arrived June 14— Ger ship
Neck, from Barry.
NANAIMO— SaiIed June 13— Nor stmr Ti
tania, for San Francisco
MANILA— Sailed June 14— Stmr Newport, for
San Francisco.
PANAMA— Arrived May 2S— Stmr Costa
Rica, from Champerlco. May Stmr City of
Para, hence .
Sailed May 31— Stmr Peru, for San Fran
cisco.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived June 12— stmr Co
lumbia, from Oregon. Br stmr Empress of
India, from Vancouver.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived June 13— Br stmr
Gaelic, hence June 25. via Honolulu
VLADIVOSTOK-Sailed June Ship Lu
cile. tor Royal Roads.
A NTO FOG AST A— ln port May 23— Fr bk
Auldgirth. for San Francisco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMER?
ANTWERP— SaiIed June 11— bk Criffel.
for Oregon.
NEW YORK— Arrived June 14— Stmr P. H.
Meter, from Bremen.
NEW YORK— Sailed June 14— Stmr Bulgaria,
for Hamburg. Stmr St. Louis, for Southamp
ton. Stmr Friesland, for Antwerp. Stmr Teu
tonic, for Liverpool.
Arrived June 14— Stmr Kaiser Friederich.
from Bremen.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived June 14-Stmr Fa
vonla. from Boston. . .
CHERBOURG— Arrived June 14— Stmr Gra«
Waldersee, from New York, via Plymouth, for^
Hamburg.
BOULOGNE— Arrived June 14— Stmr Spaarn
dam, from New York, for Rotterdam.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed June 14-Stmr
Trave, from Bremen, for New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived June 14-Stmr Servla,
i from Liverpool.BEAUTY AND BELLE
A DOCTOR'S BRIDE
TO BE A QUIET HOME WED=
DING.
WHEN the bells chime out the noon hour to-day Dr. Herbert Charles
ss Margaret Joiiiffe -will stand before Father Prender
■ ■■ him the Bolernn binding words that will join
them part."
a quiet hum.' wedding, the 111 health of the bride's
mot);.; ■ g thai It be such, Onlj md v limited number
will !■!■ present I mgratulations anil r i h s i ? t at the
breakfast which will follow tl reroony.
Thi led by Mia who will officiate as maid
K. Moffltt will In best man.
• squlslte creation of white .=atin and chiffon. The
satin skirt i d with a cordioh chiffon fli Iged with point ap
plique. T! ■ illete and finished with :•- hitrh neck yoke of
of the same iace. A tulle veil
ims will ' ;me.
Ml if honor, will wear a handsome imported sown of
pink i iered in si]
Mr mother Of the bride, will be nttlred in n Mack velvet crown
trimmed with point I Mrs. Moffitt, the groom's mother, will w
Paris gown of gray pompadour satin. The fair yunny; bride to be Is the
daughter "f Mrs. W. H. Joiiiffe. Although she lias made her home with her
■■.■ Matthews, of Oakland, Bhe has Bpent much of hor time In
ters in this city, and has been nn especially courted belle on
both Fide? of the bay.
Dr. Mofl ■ ■ Mr. and Mrs. J. Moffltt of Oakland. He is one of
the mns; promising of the younger physicians, and after years spent abroad,
riurinp which he devoted himself to study and hospital work, he has but late
ly r< • : in the practice of his pri Cession.
It. Moffitt gr ■ '■ m Berkeley In '89 with highest honors. He was
the medalist of his class an>l received the colonel commission. From Ber
kelej to Harvard, and graduated with honors from the Harvard
Medic He then I Vienna and Berlin, gaining more
The wedding of the fortunate young couple to-day i« to be a pink and
whltj fc and white bl"ss<ims will deck the drawing room, where the
■ nd the bride and groom will pledge their troth
.: a pink and white marriage bell.
to be speni at the Spreckels farm in Sonoma Dr. and
Mrs. Moffltt will take up. their resider :e I Ity.
GROCERS INDORSE DOCKERY.
tive Asso
rgely att( hded n»
at their hall, 210
f'ali'
: i :hief Food mr
r .!. P. Dockery. The resolutions,
will be sent to the new
Health, with a request Hhat Chief Food
ctor Dockery be retained, were as
•\ s:
the success fil work done
I department of the
Health and the active and
■k of «'hiff Food Jn
. which has
to the
; Union but
■ ommunlty, de
al our hands;
uring t Ti ( •
■.> .1 Ih.it C
i >ockery while in the
■ :
■! /.■ al displayed by
Chief Food i Dockery have
■ Qro
cers 1 i • ■ L nd we have
g thai a i
in the position now occupied by him
would result in ;i distinct
hesi Inten t th<- c<inimunity at
it
Resolved, That the Hoard of i
in retaining Chief F i inspector
Dockery u-mji<i perform a. service
which would meet with '
of this org and of t ho citl
k< : eral
.!. T. HURIjEY. Presidi I
HENRY HOUSER Secretary
Assault to Murder.
A shootlnp scrape which nearly re
sulted seriously occurred at 8421 Railroad
avenue late last night. Tony Tuatllle,
need 25, was shot by his mother-in-law,
Mrs. Bertha Plschler, after a dispute on
domestic affairs, the bullet entering the
back of his neck and passing- out over his
en r.
About four month?, aco Tuatille married
ghter of Mrs. Pischler. The mar
objectionable to the woman's
GRAPE-NUTS.
I Gained 8 Lbs. !
4> . 4>
In 3 Weeks J
• ________ j
\ ..On GRAPE-NUTS.. $
That's Part of the T
| FOOD CURE. I
<%> (See Below.) - ■>
PLAIN COMMON NSE IN FOOD.
"Tell your Mr. Post that I have been
following Instructions and have gained
right pouncs in about three weeks, and
feel like a new man. Have been making
my breakfast and lunch of a little fruit
four heaping teaspoons of Grape-Nuts
with some good, rich cream and a cup
if Postum Cereal Coffee."
This comes from a gentleman in
Waco. Texas, who was badly run down
and asked for some advice along the
'me of a food cure, which is, by the
way, the ideal road to health.
Price 16 cents per package. ]
a number of quarrels have
sinc< ■ Last Digh( he went to the
house and attempted to run a bluff on his
mother-in-law with an empty revolver.
to have a load< d one and
when he pulled his gun' she fired with the
above results. Tne weapons were Becured
by a. 12-year-old daughter and thrown out
of the window before further dam —
Mrs. Hschler was charged
With assault to murder.
PROFESSOR FERDINAND STARK DEFENDS HIMSELF
AGAINST A DRESS SUIT AND TWO TAILORS
T->ROFESSOR FERDINAND STARK
has a new dress suit, but STARK
has a new dress suit' but he does
J not like it. The coat does not lit
In the back, he says, and the vest
■hows a strange, and unaccountable
reluctance to meet the trousers half
way. There are also other defects,
all of which the professor pointed out
to Justice of the Peace Barry yester
day afternoon In defense of such of his
acts as have grown out of his dislike
for the suit, and to the confusion of
the tailors who fashioned it. On the
other hand, the tailors express a mod
est degree of pride In the garments
they have made to cover the manly
form of the professor. Incidentally,
they want the professor to take the
suit and .-give them $55, which sum,
they, assert, would be a beggarly but
satisfactory, recompense for their la
bor. At the same time they ask that
the professor be compelled to pay the
additional sum of 12 50 In return for
labor expended In reinforcing the back
breadths of his very-day trousers. To
enforce their demands they found It
necessary to enter suit, and It was this
suit that engaged the attention of
Judge Barry and a number of Inter
ested spectators yesterday afternoon.
As a preliminary. Messrs. Bernard
& Leger, the complaining tailors, ex
plained to the Judge the details of the
verbal contract whereby Professor
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, THUESDAY, JtTNE 15, 1899.
SCHOOL BOARD
IS SCORED BY
DIRECTOR HEAD
Objects to Star Cham
ber Sessions.
The Board of Education at its meeting
la«t night v.iis treoted to an artistic
"rofn«t!ng" at tho bands of Director Head.
i He termed tlio executive sessions of the
hoard "dark lantern sessions" and very
strongly intimated that the sessions were
secret in order to facilitate the transac
tion of "crooked work.'
Practically the entire business of tho
present Board of Education has up to the
present time been transacted behind
closed doors. This has given rise to much
complaint and many whispered accusa
i tions, and it has come to be generally un
derstood that the majority of the mem
-I'»t> of the board are either afraid or
ashamed to allow the public to sec them
in tho act of determining what course
shall be taken regarding public business.
T-ast evening, a? soon as the minutes of
1 the previous meeting had been read. Su
, perlntendent Webster asked that the
board resolve Its. -If Into a committee of
i the whole .-uiil n*> into executive ses
sion. This w;;s too much for Director
1 Head, who expressed himself as follows:
"It has become customary for this
board to resolve Itself Into a commit
! tee of the whole for tho purpose of
transacting the business of tho board
! . in secret session. Our business should
be done it; the open- that is. if we
have anything to do of which we are
1 nol ashamed.
"At the last session of this board it
i went into Becret session and consid
ered bids for the painting of certain
BChoolhouses. The result of that dark
1 lantern meeting was to let the con
tract to a bidder who was not the
i lowest bidder. This action was taken
on the bare statement of one of the
i members of the board that the lowest
bidder was irresponsible. I have since
i been informed that the statement was
not founded on fact.
1 'The taxpayers of this city are enti
tled to know how the business of this
department of the city government is
i conducted, and I protest against these
Becret me. -tings."
Director Head said much more to the
same effect, and taken altogether he gave
the members a very uncomfortable five
minutes.
The contract for painting to which he
i referred was let to C. Brooks, although
A. Gottung was the lowest bidder on two
: of the three schoolhouses bid upon.
The motion to go Into executive session
was put and all members except Director
Head voted in th>' affirmative.
Contracts for furnishing supplies to the
School Department were awarded to the
following firms: Bennett Bros., James a.
Snook & Co., \v. P. (Tuner <k Co.. Fates
& Co., Whitaker .^- Ray Company, Cun
ningham. Curtiss <t Welch, Payot, Up
ham & Co., 11. S. Crocker & Co., Sanborn,
Vail & Co., Sampson Brush Company, At
lantic Brush Company, C. F. 'Weber &
Co., Thomas Morton, t:. Peabody and
I George H. Fuller Desk Company.
The Building and Grounds Committee
recommended that all bids or lumber be
| rejected on th.- ground that all bids were
; too high. Director Head objected to this
: course, and asked that the bidders be
given an opportunity to be heard. On
motion the bids were re-referred to the
committee.
The contract for furnishing ink and pa
: per gave rise to another controversy. Th^
successful bidder was Payot. I'phum &
Co., though the {-rices named by this tirm
were not the lowest submitted. Director
Kemp asserted that the name ink quotpd
, by Payot. fpham & Co. at 60 cents was
; quoted by Brown <<.- Power, anotner bid
der, at 6C nts, He also assorted that the
: expert on paper, whose opinion was taken
I by the committee to whom the bids were
submitted, Ls the local agent of t..e paper
he declared to be the best and which was
accepted by the committee at tl 2f>. where
as o!h>r bidders quoted price aw low as 90
; cents. Director Kemp proved his asser
tions by the presentation of letters anil
. other documents. Director Gedge, who is
] a member of the supplies committee
sweetly repudiated the Inference that '
there had been any favoritism shown, and
after a long wrangle the. report of the
committee was adopted, Directors Head
and Kemp voting no.
The following resolutions were adopted:.
Resolved, That pupils of the Fourth
Fifth. Sixth. Seventh and Eighth
grades who failed to secure the mini
mum of 60 per cent in not more than
two subjects In tho recent examina
tions may be re-examined in said sub
jects on July 31. August 1 and August
Stark agreed to separate himself from
the nini of $,"5 In return for one. dress
suit of perfect fit and the latest ntyle.
The suit having been builded us per
contract, the professor began to ques
tion the accuracy <>f their measure
ments and to cast slurs upon their pro
fessional knowledge of the gentle art
of tailoring. He finally flatly refused
to take the suit and just as flatly de
clined to pay for it.
At this stage of the proceedings the
Suit was produced and a recess of live
minutes ordered In order to give the
professor time to retire to the Judge's
chamber? and attire himself In the dis
puted garments. His return to the
courtroom created a decided sensation.
The interest of the spectators was not
allowed to cool, for the professor
mounted the witness stand and pointed
out to the Judge with great delibera
tion and much attention to detail the
defects of which he had complained.
He Was then turned -.ver to two expert
tailors who had been called by the
prosecution, and subjected to a most
critical examination. They patted him
on the back, jabbed him in the ribs
and twisted him about, after the man
ner of tailors who know their business
;i ad are glad of it.
This ordeal being ended, the profes
sor was allowed to retire again to the
sacred precincts of the Judge's bou
SHE IS OAKLAND'S
LATEST SOCIETY BRIDE
PRETTY HOME WEDDING ACROSS THE BAY.
OAKLAND, June 14.— Thorp was a pretty home wedding this evening at
the residence of Mr. and Mrs. R. W. Gorrill. 1231 Myrtle street, when their
talented daughter, Miss Urace Gorrill, was made the happy bride of Os
car Gowing. I>r. .7. K. Md^an officiated.
The brido was attired In white silk and chiffon, with duchess lace; while
Mips Martha Alexander, her maid of honor, wore a gown of pink silk. Charles
Heck acted as best man.
Following the ceremony a wedding supper was served and there were
about sixty guests present. Mr. and Mrs. (lowing left late to-night on their
honeymoon. They will travel south, and upon their return will reside on Hill
side avenue, in Piedmont.
2, 1899, and those then securing 60 per
cent or more shall be promoted.
That pupils of tho Ninth Grade who
have secured an average of 7" per cent
and a minimum of 60 per c*nl m
orthography, grammar and arithmetic
shall )>•■ graduated. A Ninth Grade
pupil who has failed to secure 50 per
cent in any one of these subjects, to
Wit, arithmetic, grammar and orthog
raphy, may be examined in said sub
ject on July 31, 1 ">'.•'.<. and if said pupil
be successful at trutt time ho shall !.••
entitled to a diploma of graduation.
That pupils who have been obflent
from examinations by reason of illness
or any other good cause may be ex
amined July 31. August 1 and August
2, 1599. under these regulations.
Resolved, That no bonds furnished to
the Board of Kducation be accepted
unless furnished by responsible surety
companies.
Resolved, That any failure on the
part of any employe of the School De
partment to pay his .iust debts shall
be a ground for his dismissal from the
department.
Resolved, That this board confirm
the action of the Superintendent in re
questing Joseph O'Connor, principal of
the Mission High School, to destroy
diplomas of graduation engrossed In
the names of any md all pupils who
are deficient either in the amount of
work or in tho standard of proficiency
required for graduation from the Mis
sion High School.
Resolved. That Colonel Bush, super
visor of United States civil service ex
aminations, be allowed tho use of the
doir, while the experts told his Honor
that "with a few slight changes" the
suit would be a perfect fit. Their
testimony may have been superfluous.
Inasmuch as Judge Barry enjoys the
reputation of being the J. waldere
Kirk Of the local bench and knows a
well-fitting dress suit from a bath
robe. He will announce his decision
in the present case at 2 o'clock this
afternoon.
Lowell High School on the 12th day of
July. 1899, for the purpose of receiving
applicants who desire to submit to said
examinations.
Resolved, That the national flag be
displayed on public school buildings
and premises on the 17th day of June,
the one hundred and twenty-fourth
anniversary of the battle of Bunker
Hill.
Resolved, That the invitation ex
tended by the executive committee
having charge of the celebration by
eitiz.-ns of tlii.; city and county of the
nation's natal day to this Hoard of
Education, and the public schools, be
accepted, and that the thanks of this
board bo returned for the courtesy;
and further, that the public school
children, if practicable, be Invited to
participate in the parade arranged for
that occasion.
Resolvi a, That no excuse to be ab
sent from Bchool with pay shall be
granted to any principal or- teacher of
this department, except under suspen
sion of rules mid by special action of
the Board of Education.
Resolved, That Miss J. S. Kllnk. a
teacher in the Franklin Grammar
School, be transferred from the day to
the evening school department and be
assigned as teacher In the Horace
Mann Evening School, to date from
July 31, 1899.
Resolved, That Mr?. E. M. Poole be
elected to the day unasigned list of
teachers, without pay. and recom
mended to the Retirement Committee
for retirement.
Little Hope for Perry.
Frank Perry, over whose shooting at 107
Guerrero street there remains an en
shrouded mystery, is very low at St.
Luke's Hospital. His condition yesterday
assumed a more Krav> turn, so much so
that the physicians at the hospital have
but slim hopes of paving his life.
The United States a Power for Good.
A distinguished historian writes, while re
ferring to this nation's advent as a colonizing
power, that we represent the "century's polit
ical conscience," and that our influence for
good over European spheres will be Immense.
This result was just aa inevitable as is the
cure which follows the use of Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters, the great remedy which is
found in every home and drug store through
out the country. It cures indigestion, constipa
tion, overworked kidney and liver, allays nerv
ousness, and tones up the whole system.
/""""Ik Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
( flgs«gfe3ra<>2sKKAßJfYST. 'Established
■*! f"^» in ISO* for the treatment of Private
Sttj JiJ9f Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
E0 BgSslSra disease woaiingon borlyandmlndand
JJPjwSwW sklll Diseases. The doctqreures when
*$raSa»lS'i" t ' X ' ls fall. Try him. Charges low
l^mimßßßH <tirf«Buarnnl«"ciJ Callorwrito,
Or. J. *'. •.lit' HO* Box 1937. 5 at: Francisco
OCEAN TRA\ EL.
PBBBBHUBiI lv " s - S. Australia
ylliflnlC Fails for Honolulu
1 *""""" Friday. June 30, at 2
Q<S^~r~*\ S. S. Marlposa sails
SfMITlSninJ via Honolulu and
CyiUJIHJIIIL/ Auckland for Sydney
(OlTlß3lZm Wednesday, July 12.
\wiiifj\jn.q at 10 p m
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa, New Zealand, Australia, India, Suez,
England, etc. ; $810 first class.
). D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts.. 114 Montgomen
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market St.
AMERICAN LINE,
KEW TORS. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PAST*
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New York June 21 New York July 12
St. Paul June 28 Pt. Paul July 15
St. Louis July G New York August 2
RED STAR LINE,
i* 'New York and Antwerp,
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Southwark June 21 j Noordland July 12
Westernland ..June 28 ! Frlesland .......July 19
Kensington July 5 Adrla July 26
EMPIRE LINE.
6entrU. Bt. 'Mlshnsf. Daw»<vi Clt».
For full Information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
30 Montgomery ft., or any of Its agencies.
TOYOIISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA «nd HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. •No cargo received on board on day
of sailing. ■ -•■ ."'
NIPPON MARU Tuesday. June 27
AMERICA MARU.. ........ ....5aturday, July 22
HONGKONG MARU Thursday, August 11
Round-trip tickets at - reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market 6t., comer First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent. .
"HOLLAND-AMERICA LINE.
IVJEW YORK-ROTTERDAM, • VIA BOU-
1 1 logne. The Short Route to Paris.
NEW Twin-Screw Steamers ROTTERDAM
(8300). STATENDAM (10.500). First Cabin. *5Q
upward; Second Cabin, $37.
Saloon Steamers MAASDAM, SPAARNDAM,
etc.. |37.
• 'Send. for Illustrated Handbook and Sailings to
THOS. COOK * SON. Pacific Coast Passenger
Agents, 621 Market Street, San Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS. , )
Convalescence
is hastened, the patient strength- $f{^
ened and appetite increased, by "*^^^^^ SiN?? -TtifiSTtr
TKAOe MASK. C^^ ££i
— the greatest food tonic. a^/T\'ji!^ ma^
As desirable for the well as for the ill. Ur.equaled in the world of tonics
for all, young and old.
Prepared only by
ANHEUSER-BUSCH BREWING ASS'N, ST. LOUIS, U.S.A.
Brewers of the purest and most famous brands of bottled beer
for family and club use.
OCEAN TRAVEL. _^
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
fcs^ Steamers leave Broadway
1^ wharf, San Francisco:
! IS^GBs^^ lrnr Alaskan ports. 10 a. m ,
Ksp'ttShß^ • T " m * 15 - 2 "- 2:> - 20; July ; '"
' change fit Seattle. _
ISwJ<§SJm! 1 '"" Victoria. Vancouvpr (B.
ragßKj^ijßßqg c.), Port Townnend, Seattle.
f^*«^M\ Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.).
10 a. m., June 15. 20, 2'>. 31;
July 5, and every fifth day thereafter; change
at Seattle to thin company's steamer? for
Alaska and G. N. Hy. ; at Tacoma to N. I.
Ry : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. June
IS. 23, 28; July 3, and every fifth day there-
after.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon.
i Cayucoß, Port Harfnrd (Pan Luis Oblapo),
! Qavlota, Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme.
! San Pedro, East San Pedro (Ix>s An«reles) and
' Newport, 9 a. m.. June 17. 21, 25, 29; July 3,
! and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
T.,os Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m., June 15. 19, 23, 27; July 1, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenarla, Masrdalena Bay, San Jose del
■;!l.\ Mazatlan. Altain, La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Met), 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the rl^ht to change
! without previous notice steamers, Failing dates
j and hours of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE —4 New Montgomery
i street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. On. Arts..
10 Market st., San Francisco.
THE 0. B. & N. GO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street "Wharf at 10 a, m.
PARC *12 First Clas3 Including Ucrth i
I Hilt *8 Second Clas» and Meals.
I Columbia sails June 12, 22; July 2. 12. 22.
' State of California sails June 7, 17, 27; July
I 7. 17, 27.
I Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Sutte.
I Heiena and all points in the Norths, ear.
Through tickets to all points Eeast.
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
. 630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendent.
COMPAGNIE GENERALS TRANBATLAIfTIQUS.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. ,-»©=«,
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. <LXCT'N
from Pier 42, North River, foot of •»»*Sfi'— V»
Morton st. LA TOURAINE. June 24; LA
GASCOGNE, July 1: LA NORMANDIE. July
S; LA CHAMPAGNE, July 15: LA BRE-
I TAGNE, July 22. First-class to Havre. $65 and
' upward, 5 per cent reduction on round trip.
I Second-class to Havre. $4,": 10 per cent reduc-
i tion on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
i UNITED STATES AND CANADA, 3 Bowling
Green, New York. J. F. FUGASSI & CO., Pa-
cific Coast Agents. 5 Montgomery aye., San
Francisco.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS LINE.
NEW YORK-PARIS— LONDON-HAMBURG,
i TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
I NEW YORK— LONDON— PARIS-HAMBURG.
Also NEW YORK-HAMBURG Direct.
For Bailings, etc., apply to HAMBURG-
AMERICAN LINE. 87 Broadway, New York.
HERZOG & CO.. Gen. Agents Pacific Coast.
401 CALIFORNIA ST.. cor. Sai^ome. and
118 Montgomery St.. Ban Francisco.
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMEBS.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN.
Will leave Washington street wharf at 8 a. m.
dally, returning from Stockton at 6 p. m.
daily (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
leave Washington street wharf at 6 p. m.
dally (excepting Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main 805.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJD.
Steamer "Montlcello." ,
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:80: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. S
p. m. Landing and office. Mission street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 150 S.
FARM 800
BAILBOAD TRAVEL.
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT. .
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULLMAN I
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED '.
I TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:30 P. M.
j DINING ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR.
; FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN j
! EVERY DETAIL, SERVING MEALS AT i
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE j
KATES.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN- !
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE, 828
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE. Main 1531.
OAKLAND OFFICE. 1118 Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE, 201 J street.
SAN JOSE OFFICE. 7 W. Santa Clara street j
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via InMltM Ferry.
Commencing April 23, 1839.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLEY i
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO. *8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a, m. !
♦1:45, 3:20, 4:00, 5:15, *6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays. Saturdays '
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *B:OO. •9:00, »10:00. 11:00, 11:80
a. m. 1:00, 'IMS. »2:30, »4:00, 5:30, 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Raf'l Sundays. !
5:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sunday*.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO. '
WEEK DAYS— S:2S, »6:40. 7:55, 8:40. *10:20 i
a. m.: 12:30, 2:15, »3:40, 4:35, 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays ]
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO, »8:00, »9:45. *10:45. »11:45 ■
a. m.; 1:00. 2:20, »3:30. •5:15. »6:00, 7:00, 10:15
p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO. ■
WEEK ■ DAYS— 6:50, • 7:55. 8:55. 10:35 ;
a m. ; 12:35, 2:45, 4:56, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00, 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:00, 11:10 a, m. ; 12:05. I
1:20, 2:40, 3:55. 5:30, 6:30. 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
3:20 p. m. Saturdays— and way sta'ns. !
5:15 p.m. week days (Saturdays excepted)— ;
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m Sundays— and way sta'ns.
1:45 p.m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta'ns.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAy
Leave San Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23, mi.
WEEK DAYS, 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday. Wednesday and Satur- i
day at 6:16 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
ings, Arriving in S. F. at 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS, 8, 9, 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45. 2:30 i
and 4 d. m.
Fare S. F. to Summit and Return, $1 40. j
XHOS. COOK & SON. Agets.. 621 Market 8 U
RAILBOAD TRAVEL.
mmtiii:h\ PACIFIC COMPANY.
(pacific system.)
Train* leave mitt i»re <lue lo nrrive »t
NAN I'lt A ><■*<<».
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
lrave — Fnoii June 1. 1899. — ARRiva
7:00 a Benleia, Suisun and Sacramento.... 5:43p
7:«Oa MarysviUc, OroTfllaand lietlding via
Woodland, 5:43f
7:00 a rirr.ira, Vacaville and Kumsey l.lp
7:30 a Martinez, .SauKamon.Vallejo, Napa,
Calistoga and Santa Hosa 6:13r
8:00* AiUiiti.- Kxpress, OgUen and East.. S:13?
MsIIUa .San .lose. Lirermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento, Placemlle.
Miiryarillc Chiso, lto<l Muff -IslSp
StSOA *Miiton, OakiU: - ant] Nmora 4:115p
O:OOa Haywarcis. Nilm and Way Stations. 11.-45*.
S:OOa Martinez, Tracy, Latbrop, Stockton,
Merc d end Fresno 12i13»
into a Fresno, UakerstteUl, Santa Barbara,
Los ADgc'cs, Deming, El Paso,
New Orlo ma and East 6:4."»p
IO:OOa Valkjo. Martinez ami Way Stationß 7:»5p
1 1 :OOa Haywards, Nile* and Way Stations. 2:4.»p
I 2:00 m Kiles, Lircrmore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Ilanford, VUaiia,
Pcrtervilio 4:tHr
*l:OOp Sacramento liiver Stenmera *Bioop
3:00r Haywarda, Niles and Way Stations. 0:45y
4:OOr Martinez, San ltamon, Vallejo,
Naj).i, CaUstogit, Suuta Rosa »il»*
4««Oi- Benicia. Vacavillo, Sacramento,
Wood and, Knights I.andlosr,
Mary»Till?, Ororillo 10:41*4
4:30p N!le3, San Jose Stockton 7:13p
•S:3op Yosemite Sleeping Car for EjymoEd 12:13 i»
s:OOpTuo Owl. Tracy, Fresno, Bakers-
field, Baucu3 for Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles 8:45 a,
5:30p Stocktou, Merced, Fresno 12:l!5r
B:3Op Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
Mojavo nnd ■ Angeles 8: 13*
5:301- .Santa I'm Route, Atlantic j:xi>r>'B«
for Mojavo and Dost 6:4.3
OiOOr I'Uiropcau Mtiil, i>gileiinnd Kast.... 0:45
C:OOp Ilayrrards, Xiie3 and Han Jose 7:13 a,
•6:O0p Vallejo 12:15p
7:OOi- Oregon ICxi>resB,Baoramento, Marjs-
rHlo, Utilillng, Portland, I'nget
Sotiudiuil Mast 7:40 a
i»:—r Vallejo. Port Costa and Way Sta-
I tlon«. tlO:5Oy
COAST DIVISION (Narrow Gauge).
(Foot of Market Street.) •
{7:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations JB:»3#
8:13 a JJenaricOntervillcb'anJose.Felton,
Boulder Crcek.Kanta Oruz and Way
Stations 5i30»
2:13p Newark, C'cutervillo, San Jose, New
Almadea, Fclton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations M 0:3«*
•l:13p San Joso, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions O:2«4.
64: 1 Felton, Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
tions /9:20 a,
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
7romSi:. mSQISCO-fsct of Market Street (Slip —
•7:16 9:00 11:00 a.M. }l:03 »2:30 13:00
•*:00 t6:00 *6:C3p.m.
rrcmOiXUKD— Foot orßromlwaj.— -C:00 8.-00 10:00 a.M.
tl2-00 •'1:00 t2.00 *3:CO }1:CO .*3:oop.m.
COAST DIVISION (Broad Uatige).
(Third and Townacml Sti.)
•6:IOa Ocean View. South Han Francisco.. *6:30f
•7:0Oa San Jose i.ihl V.'ay Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) l::iO»
{7:30 a Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Bant* Cm-, P:icifio Grove and
Principal Way Stations tB:3s»>
9iooa Han Joso, Trcs Pl iios, .Simla Cria,
I'ucillc Grove, Paso Kuiilis, .San
Luis Ohisiifi, Guadalupc, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4:ldF
10:40 a San .Jose ami Way Stations «S:OOa.
11:30 a Sail Jobo and Way Stations 3:30»»
•2:43i-Sftu Mati-o, HedwooU, Mcnlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. San .lose,
Gllroy. llollister. Santa Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacilic
Grove # IO:S«*
•3:30p San Joso mid Way Stations *O:OO*
I •4:lSpSan.lo3oaml Principal Way Stations 9:43*
I •5:00p San Jose acd Principal Way Stations 6:83 a
5:30p San Joso an.l Principal Way Stations "8:33*
fl:3Op San Jose ami Way 5tati0n5......... 7:3«w
♦ ll:15p San Joseaml Way Station!! 7:30?
A for Morning. 1' for Afternoon. *
* Sunday excepted. t Sunday only. i Saturday only.
bSatareiay and Sunday /Sunday and Monday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Perry, Foot of Market St.
SAN VBANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL..
WEEK DAY&-7:30. 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:3^
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra tria
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. in.
DAYS— B:OO. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:39.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:60. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:«-
-8:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra tripe at
1:65 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40, 3:40, 6:08,
. 6:25 p. m. i
Between San Francisco and Scbuetzen Park
lime schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
Ban yranclsco. In Effect San Francisco.
. , April 1«. —
Week Sun- 1599. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. days. Days.
7:30 am $:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 an
1:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 ana
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Roam. 7:35 pm 6:29 pn»
*_ Fulton, ~~ "
T:loam Windsor. 10:25 asa
fHealdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyser-vine,
1:80 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale, 7:36 pm 8:20 pta
1:30 am ■ Hopland and 10:25 ant
1:30 pm 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
T:to am 10:23 am
8:60 am Querneville. 7:35 pm
1:10 pm I 6:20 pra
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
1:10 pm 5:60 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pra
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 ara
1:30 pm 6:00 pm ! 7:35 pm 6:20 pn»
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
for Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggi
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop»
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelßeyvllle, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs,. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake "Witter Springs,. Upper Lake, Porno.
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's,
Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights, lIuU villa.
Booneville, Phllo. Christine. Soda Springs,
Navarro. Whitesboro, Albion. Little River,
Orr*s Hot Springs, Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg.
Westport. Usal, Willltts. Laytonvllle, Cum-
tning'a. Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's. Dyer.
Bcotla and Eureka,
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bid*.
H C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Acenti
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUI9
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
Prom Jan. 28. 1899. train* will run aa follows
South-bound. North-bound.
« «
Paasen- Mixed. Mixed. Passes*
ger. Sunday Station*. Sunday ger. ;
Dally. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Dally.
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 8:46 pm 6:00 pn»
1:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pn»
M:4O am 6:33 pm Fresno 9:80 am 2:42 pro
11:38 am 7:45 pm Honford 7:45 am 1:45 pra
2:25 pm 12:30 am Bakers field 3:00 am 11:00 ara
11:69 am 6:25 pm Visalla 6:40 am 1:22 pm
11:16 pm 6:52 pm Tulare 8:60 am 1:05 pn»
" Stopping at intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connection!
Inquire at Traffic Manager^ Office. 821 Market
xtreat. Ban Francisco.
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
910
MAIL STEAMER
ALAMEDA SAILS
FOR AUSTRALIA
Box of Sovereigns Is
Still Missing.
UNDER NEW INSPECTION LAWS
MANY SAILING VESSELS MUST
BE CERTIFICATED.
Two New Steamers for the Coasting
Trade — Overdue Ship Arrives.
Transports Sail From
Manila.
■*
The Oceanic Steamship Company's mall
steataer / i la via
iii, Samoa and New Zealand last
•- She took awaj .-< full list of pas
■ ■ horn \> ere for I
argo sh.- could
■ was packed Into her holds and a
if lumber was pi
port In N". w Zealand and
■ d bi
■ ■
md for
■ . Ph< re Is a
A BREAKDOWN CAUSED THE DELAY.
HE overdue British tramp stearoev Port Albert reached Puget Sound in safety yesterday. She left here
1 for Seattle on June 4 and should have made the run in five days easily. She ran into a nor'wester, how
ever, soon after leaving this port and part of her machinery was disabled. For twenty-four hours she lay
rolling gunwales under in the trough of the sea while repairs were being made, and then when that was ac
comphshpd she had to proceed under a slow bell. The Port Albert will be used as a freight boat in the Seattle-
Honolulu trade.
Mont of fli for 1 tono
lulu, • ."'is Fourth Is sure to be
Paradise "f the
I
Not a trace of thf missing box of sov
ereigns has been foun<], although the ves
sel has been searched l'rom stem to stern.
The bullion tank has been fixed up In
such a manner that im urn- will pain
access to it any mure, • ■ ■ ■■;■' the proper
person. Purser Smith, while he cannot
very well be any more careful than he
has been in the past, is confident that
no more gold will be stolen while he holds
the key*:.
• ■ United
States ii ■ • boilers. Bj
. sscls of 700 tons g
■
tons gross and hk«ts
.1 mi.icci ,; • ited before
i ' ey 1< aye port.
The ■ ifd to also requir< a that
the m I mates of the abi >ye
■ and
inspectors ol -
. ' hem to act In th< ea
tirifii: m«l i hat 11 will be un
lawful to : person or for any
person to serve as "a master or chief
of ovei 700 tons who
■he Inspectors.' The
penaltj for a violation oi this require
ment will ii" !'."" for each offense.
For t he | or ten days Inspector
Inspector of Boilers
r ha\. 1 n busy trora morning till
A large number of v-sst-is nave
b< en ex imined and certificated and
i • ■-.:■■ ..■ re
ceived their licenses. Hitherto it has not
to |>ass an examination
in order to ".o master of a 700-ton vessel
and ; a man who ha
ranked us h master for years has been
compelled b> the new law to lake out
apers. All or nearly -ill the men act
■ s ma '. < s . ha ye been
••■ examination, and
befon b up their navi
o!s.
The failure •>.. the pan ol an owner to
have Ins vessel's hull Inspected and cer
tificated I- .i 1 :'- I v. in subject him to a
i ■ •
'The Carlisle City, another of the Santa
]•'.• steamers, urrived In port yesterday
and docked at the seawall. Sue has a
large consignment of freighi for this
port. ■ ■ ■ will to
koad for tl She
also brought tour Chinese and ttfty-flve
(or i his poi t. [ft hese are not
landed by the t( ami r is readj
ill they will be put in the company's
corral on Lombard si i eel w hai :.
The < Carlisle ■ ig 1 Ime of
forty-four days to k- t )!<•:•• from Hong-
She stopped at Nagasaki, Kobe,
Yokohama and Honolulu on th<- road. It
took her ten and ;i half days to come up
from Honolulu, or twelve hours longer
than i; took the bark Roderick ni v to
make the run from Hllo i<> San Fran
■ bco last month.
]/,(••■ was :i suspicion In police circles
that Borne trao oi th< bon of gold miss
ing from the Alameda mighi b< found on
■ arliftle City, bo Detective Turn (ilb-
Bon boarded her ;in Boon as she cam< to
an anchor. The big I lamp teas carefully
ied, but not the slightest i lew to th'
missing mi y could be found, it was
thought thai the robbers ;m<! their j »J > in
<]••!' might have landed at Honolulu ui'l
« ; me i ' here on the i larlisle < !ity.
The transport Pennsylvania was thirty
days ami twenty-one hours coming from
la and twenty-four days and five
hours from Nagasaki. Sh<- has not been
ou the drydock since last November, ai i
Is In consequence very dirty. She will go
on Hunters Point and be thoroughly over
efore going i:ack to Manila, Sl><
came up in ballast and carried no j»;:s
--sengi rs.
Two new steamers will be added to the
coasting fleet In the course of a tew
weeks They are the Aberdeen, buili for
. Bros., and the Ban Pedro for .).
R. Hanify &■ Co. Both are to be Hrst-class
Is In every respect and will carry
■ 750,000 feet of lumber each. The Ban
Pedro win be ;< sister vessel to the New
burg and will 1»- 333 tons net burden, 158
ln< in-s loiik, 34 feet beam and n feet
I* Inchi s deep,
Th^ Abardeen will he a. somewhat larger
;. her dimensions hflng 173 fort long,
31 foot 6 inches beam and 12 feet 0 Inches
•irrp. Both vessels will come down lum
ber-laden and will be engiix 'I here,
Thp overdue German ship Neck arrived
at Nagasaki yesterday. She was 180 days
out from Barry, South Wales, with a car
go of coal, and 15 per cent premium was
paid to roinsuro huii and cargo.
The transports Newport and Ohio sailed
from Manila yesterday for San Francisco.
They should make an interesting race
across thp Pacific, as they both have been
fl the drydock about the same length of
time.
MORE TROOPS FOR MANILA
The Transports Zealandia and
Valencia Rechartered by
thd Government.
'Uncle ?flm Is fr.'ir;^ ■ - way ;i We;
batch of troops to the Philippines during
the :h.xi week or ten days. The p i
v. ill be ready to Ball on the 20th with 1300
men, nearly all <■(' whom will be recruits.
The Zealandia has been rechartered and
■uil! >.o tv the sugar refinery to-day to
coal. She will t:ik>- about 900 men and will
ft away In a week. The Valencia is now
ready to receive and the work of
loading her will begin at once. She will
oarry about 600 soldiers. The Pennsylva
which arrived yesterday, will n<< on
the drydock to-day and will be Bent awaj
.•<- sunn «>• she can be overhauled and
loaded. Bhe will carry about 1200 men.
)i the Government can get the City of
Puebla back Crom the Pacific ■
< Jompany she also v
back at once. She will carry about 1000
•■ • ■ Before the rn<mth Is out, I hen -
fore. ." m< n will be on their way to
M.-mil.-i to ri m pal ( li If.
LAW FOR THE JUDGES.
An Order in the McKay Maintenance .
Case Reversed.
The Supi ■ ga> ■• the
es of the lower court of this city .i
little law to think over in the case of
.!. McKaj against Angus .McKay.
]i< 1884 the woman obtained judgment in
' her action for divorce againsi her hus- \
band, n!<i th< ir two miner children were
to her, but no provision
made In the decree for their maintenance.
Two years fater she married R. S. Polas
tri, who t.,ok tho children to his heart and
brougl I them up as members of th< fam
ily. Two years ;*ko the woman filed a
Sup< rii r i !ourt to require
of McKa> that he pay for the past sup
port ■ • th< children and for their future
nee.
■:•■; ordered him to pay JMTf.n .
[vfor their past support and $100 per month
hereafter, from n hii h McKay ap]
Th« Supreme Court considers* that v
rlie lower court gave no direction to M< -
Kay at the time the divorce was granted
■ ■ ■ ing for the children i; cannot
hold him responsible and liable for
Incurred since that time; and
further 'hat the jurisdiction of the lower
court does not extend to that point in the
•■■here it has the right to compel the
: reimbursement of the mother for
rearing the chlldrt n
and th< ■■ • app aled from was re^
/\dvanr-ps nia.ie en furniture fine pianos, with
thout removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mitalon.
BOXERS ARE READY
FOR THEIR MEETING
THE National Athletic Club wll
present a quartet of middle
weight boxers In Woodward';
Pavilion ririK to-morrow ni^ht
.Mm Franey will meet « " ) n 1-1 •• •
Goff. while Joe Rsav. the Olvmni
«'iv!) boxer, will face Rowan, a rionf
mute. Qofl has prepared at Blanken'a
Six-mi!" House ii; company with Uus
Ruhlln ;ui<i Hilly <»tts Both Franey
:i!ic! Rowan have <ii>nt- their work out
<t ( k •an Beach under th< v.atch
fnl eyes of Tim McGrath. Tom Shar
key will journey from Paso Roblefl to
act as second for Rowan.
The local followers of the ring nave
witnessed contests between nien in the
various classes, inn it is many
ni'piiths Bince four middle-weights
have met to sr-tilo th<- ques
tion of physical supremacy. Both Goft
and Franey have many supporters, as
both have made an excellent showing
THE SAF FKAJSCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JTJ^E 15, 1899.
GREYHOUNDS TO
COURSE FOR
RICH STAKES
A Strong Programme
at Union Park.
$1500 OFFERED IN PRIZES
— ♦ —
LADIES' DAY CHAMPION STAKE
THE CHOICEST BIT.
_^__» . —
Entries Include Saint Oran. Theron,
Warship, Connemara, Gladiator,
Metallic, Sylvanus and
Young America.
One of the classic coursing events of
the year, the ladies' day championship
stake, will be run at Union Coursing Park
on Sunday. The stake is limits] to fight
ontr^Vs. which results in the selection of
the pick of the greyhounds being pout to
Thi' slips. In addition to the champion
stake the programme includes the Pacific
lv • ■ . fi r pi ;<;i : < 3, limited to sixteen en
tries, and I rye i-takf- with sixty
four entries.
In the champion Btake th^ro Is $550 to
be divided on the following basis: $2.">0
to the winoer; $12." tn runner-up; two
prizes of $50 each; $50 to the dog beaten
• ourse by the ultimate win
nd $25 to the dog beaten In the lirst
by the runner-up. Fn the Pacific
D ■ ■ for puppies $215 will be distributed:
> to runner-up; two
■ at $25 and four at $10. In the Re
stake $100 • ■... ■- to the winner: $75
to runner-up; two prizes at $50; four at
Kteen at $10. The
monej to lie distributed is
draw resulted as follows:
. stake Lowe a Thompson's
St Oron against George Whitney's
n; P. .!. Reilly's Warship against
IJ. Dean's Connemara; J. Dean's Gladiator
In the past. Franey stood four rounds
before Kid McCoy, who had con
d to stop aim Inside "f four
rounds. ]!<• Is stoutly built, being so
evenly balanced as to deceive a per
son as to his weight.
<;<>fT has the fighting fare and atti
tude of Mysterious Smith, being built
on the lines of the erratic hox.-r
also. Ho is not a boxor, in the sense
Hi" displaying cleverness, but ban
punch hard and is agile of font, which
him quickly out of harm's way.
Betting opened lasi night at Cor
bett's. What few wagers were laid
were at even money, and gave no hint
as to which boxer would be Installed
favorite when the money begins to
pour In. The same was true of tti«
preliminary, no choir. ■ developing.
The National Club officials wiy try
the Innovation of popular prices, and
anticipate a large attendance.
ag-ainpt Pasha kennel's Metallic; Handy
& Smith's Sylvanua against J. O'Shea's
Young America.
Pacific Derby, for puppies— Connell
Brothers' St. Helen against E. M. Kol
lopsr's lowa Maid; J. H. Perrigo'B Lady
Davenport against TI. Lynch's Lexington;
S. J. Healey's For Glory against K. E.
']<■> B. Lopez St. Anthony; .7. H. Perrigo's
Bohee against I. F. Halton's Lavender;
Russell, Allen & Wilson's Belle Clair
again Connell Bros.' Mammy Pleasant; J.
11. Perrigo's Controller against Russet, Al
len & Wilsons Master Clair; D. J. Hea
ley's Lady Clare against J. Dean's :
of Anderson; J. J. Edmond's Some T|me
against J. T. Mooney's Silent Treasure.
Reserve statke— J. Ke< nan's Fear Not
asainst J. Kerrigan's Lalla Rookh; F. A.
McComb's one Spot against O. J. Olson's
Sunburst; J. P. Thrift's Forgive against
M. London's Magneto; George Ehmajin's
Said Pasha against Dennis <t- Porter's The
Devil; Handy & Smith's Ben .Holt against
E. M. Kellogg's Kid McCoy; Pasha Ken
nel's Fleeting Fancy against A. Johnson's
Mountain Beauty; J. H. Harrison's Hot
Haste against Kay <v Train's Innis fallen;
J. Segerson's Candelaria against Aeneld
Kennel's Pretender; H. A. Deckelman's
old Glory against M. C. Glasson's Tyron-
Ite; George Ehmann's Fireman against b\
A. McComb's Little Joker; s. E. Portal's
Gallagher against I. F. Halton's Tic-Tac;
Lowe AL- Thompson's Petrla against i-d
Wilson's Magnesia; Aeneld Kennel's Maid
of Erin against F. Moran'a Flying Faster;
Milo Kennel'e Victor KitiK against J.
O'Dowd's Scout: Handy it Smith's Twin
City 'Jirl against S. Hanson's L. S. Con
ley; Chilla \- Gaffeney's Snapshot against
Hurley & Rellly's o X Capitol; J. Kee
nan's Blackstock against F. llerrin's St.
Elmo; Rincon Kennel's Hard Lines
against J. Kerrigan's Conqueror; Frank
Moran's Bit of Fashion against J. J.
Warren's Sweet Lips: F. C. Klein's Mystic
against Dennis & Porter's Woodcock; sTo
semite Kennel's Most- against J. Maher's
Safeguard; Bartel Bros. 1 Mac's Melody
against Lord & Hurst's Revolver; .1. .-.
Thrift's St. Michael against 1 >. J. Healey's
Maggie M; I>. Ford's. Bonita against I>. .1.
Healey's Granada; Hurley & Reilly's
Master Mat against Larkey & Rock's
Myrtle; Milo Kennel's Rock island Boy
against Russell, Allen & Wilson's Lady
Emma; E. M. Kellogg's Lady Gilmore
against H. Webber's Montana; J. Byrne's
Eleven Spot against H. A. Deckelman's
Glen Roy; O. & H. Kennel's Dempsey
Lass against .1. Connell's Senorita; tii icon
Kennel's Ski against Russell, Allen <fc
Wilson's Daisy ciare; Larkey & Rock's
Liberty Bell against George H. Burflend's
Pastime; T. F. Logan's Miss Grizzle
against A. L. Austin's Trinket.
NIGHT SCHOOL PUPILS
RECEIVE DIPLOMAS
LINCOLN EVENING SCHOOL
GRADUATES.
The Occasion Pleasantly Celebrated
by Enjoyable Exercises and
Dancing ac Odd Eellow's
Hall.
The pupils of the Lincoln Evening
School held their annual graduating ex
ercises last night at u<ici Fellows' Hall.
The affair was perhaps the best attended
and most enjoyable ever given In* the his
tory of the school. I. A.«Bergerot, presl
'i. lit of the Board of Education, deliv
ered an address on educational matters
ami at the conclusion of his remarks be
was warmly applauded. At the conclu
sion of an excellent programme Superin
tendent of Schools R. H. Webster pre
sented the pupils with their dipli ■
Ttir floor \va.< then cleared for dancing,
which was continued until shortly after
midnight. The following pupils contrib
uted to the programme: John ODea Jr.
.Miss M. Margalot, Ernest Doidge, Miss
Anna M Bgenhoff, Misses Mabel and
Ethel Perkins, Miss Anna Bello and Mel
ville Mnn. l.
The following pupils received their di
plomas:
l>r. S. B. Koblcke's class Arthur 11.
Cain, Luctan Cusanovich, Edward T. 1 ■•
vine. Theodore Puendeling, Joseph l>.
Hogan, Andrew M. Kusunoki, Walter J.
Kirchner, Frank A. Lindblad, John
l.ynch. Wanfred Morgan. Melville Mund
John ODea Jr.. William E. ODea, Anton
E. Schumann, William F. Stapff Jr.. Au
gustus G. Sullivan and Frank J. Tiede
iii.iiui.
Mis^ }•:. J. Onyon's class— Gustav M.
Barthold, Louis Arthur Cavalier, Charles
David, Ernest Doidge, Rudolph Augustin
Gulchard, iv-my John Llndemann, Ed-
Ward .1. Lacey, Maurice McManus, John
J. McKeon, James .lessen. Buell Carver
Nelson, Dennis James O'Donnell, Georgt
\\ . T. O'Neill, Alexander Gleinmann, An
ton Schmitz, George Zaro, Fisher Zucker
and Philip M. Zwerin.
Miss M. A. Smith's class— Anna T.
Bello, Annie Byrnes, Lloyd E. Boynton
Mac E. Devlin, Frankie M. Eitel, Eva A.
Hamilton, Augusta M. T. Hulten, Martha
C. Juchter, May J. Kelly, Louis J. Levin
Charles A. Mills, Alice B. Mollet, Minnie
C. Musil, Bruno V. Neumann, Anna M.
Nolan. Annie B. O'Brien, Ernest A. Ol
son, Josie I). Rahlves and Laura M. C.
Ryan.
Architectural Drawing Class, F. Koth
ganper, teacher John A. Porporato, !•'.
Hertenstein ami Charles Goltzene.
Mechanical Drawing class, William
R. Morgan, teacher Henry Niemann,
Charles Hoehn, Charles Wagner and
Frank P. Marisch.
penman Medals Annie B. o'Krien and
Eva A. Hamilton.
Bridge Medals Charles David. Walter
J. Kirchner, Fischel Zucker and Arthur
H. Cain.
Anton Schumann acted as floor director
and be was ably assisted by John Lynch.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
C. H. Bauer, Portland E <; Childs, Chicago
Mrs Bauer, Portland Mrs Childs, Chicago
1' Fitzslmmons, Mich L II Johnson, Boston
Mrs Fltzjslmmons, Men G It Greenleaf, Wash
i: B Cassatt, U s A A if McKay, L Ann
.1 E "Wilkie, Wash R Blumenthai, N V
Mrs Wilkie, Wash L E Blgelow, N \
.) I. Daube, Chicago Mrs Bigelow, .V V
M Sinclair, N V \V C Wlttke, N V
J S Morgan, N V Elizabeth Ebllng, Ber-
Mrs Morgan, NY lln
M F McLaurln, L Ang Clara Elsenthal, Berlin
11 W Smith, S Jose Emma Wolf, Berlin
I. W Truman, Keswick Dr Kauer Wandelt,
J Williamson, X V Berlin
X E Harding, ill C H Williams, X V
Mrs v i: Harding, 111 T s Hawkins, Holllr.ter
II II Brown, 111 Mrs Pearsall, Eureka
D.l Harding, Boston Miss McGarlgan, Cal
A Alexander, Phlla .1 A Chas<", s Jose
Mrs W Johnson, Cal • tors M uarvie, ''inn
Mrs c Kohn, 111 Mrs H Lloyd, Chin
C L Thompson, NY OP Jenkins, Stanford
Mrs Thompson, X V <; Hancock. Coronado
C O Mallloux, N V Mrs Babcock, Coronado
Mrs Mailloux, N V Miss Edwards, Corona
GRAND HOTEL.
B F Howard, . N V P EG Anzer, S Juan
.1 A Pogue it \\, Cal .i Castro, San Juan
A C Blossom, StOCktn Mrs .1 C Lazior, Cal
A I" Lawton, S Mateo ii Calkins, Cal
E FUpells, s Jose .1 Rich, Woodland
II .1 Chapman, Oakland 15 II Cottrell, Cal
W Hoyt. Oakland A M Cottrell, Cal
A Elliott, Boston , Mrs I. H Horks, Napa
A I* Parker, L Auk fc Mla« Hopkins, Xapa
.1 C Slater & w, Sacto Mrs Halt'riPd, <';il
F .1 Kerrldge, Sonoma M Bessie, S Cruz
J II MUlzner, Tucson II II Forney, Sacto
C X Smurr, I- Ann L)r C L Megowan, Sac
\v a Lamson, Chgo 11 Hill. Chicago
M F McLaurin, L AnK a V Love, Ohio
M Biggs Jr. '"iii C M Blair, Chicago
M J Wright & w. Sac 1: H Jessey, Cal
,1 A ICcCune, <'.-,l Mrs T A Trinn, Sonora
B X Kni;ht, S Cruz lA J Larson, Lodl
\i W Rus.fell, Oaklnd iE M Mclnton, Cal
I- W Rons .V- w, L Ans
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Miss Witt & brother, C E. Willows, Cal
Spokane X .1 Rolin, cnl
Miss Fellows, Spokane 1' Peterson, Wash
.1 \\" Ellsworth, Mercd 1' Graves. Ariz
.r Howard, Sacto P Luce, Mo
.1 Middleman, South A Gable, Cal
America F Titstall, Cal
R i; Marray, Arias .E Ham. Cal
.1 [vers ■ . Maine J Thomas & w. Ariz
.1 !-: Brant, Napa W E Russell, Cal
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of thr> San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
unt'.l 1? o'clock ev>ry night in the year.
BRANCH OPraCKS-*J7 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
I'sT tiayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
6:19 McAllister street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 I-ark'n street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock,
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2u2fi Mission Street; open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.
SPRCIAti NOTICES.
K'"iNjs papered from $H: whitened, M op;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 31!) 3d »l.
BAD tenants ejected lor J4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 41S Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. fcs2o.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
LMVII'KNU notice- -Hi\ld.-nd No. <>S ( twenty -
flve cents per share) of the Hutchinsor. Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company. 827 Market st., on and
after TUESDAY, June 20, IsTO. Transfer
books will close on WEDNESDAY, June 14.
1859, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
MEETING XOTICES.
MISSION Chapter No. 79. R. A. M.— ■
Stated meeting THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING. 7:30 o' clock. Mission Ma- TvJ\
sonic Temple, 2C6S Mission st. Business 1^
and Royal Arch degree. By order of the
H. P. JNO. R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. 4
M.. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) JV,
EVENING. June 15. at 7:30 o'clock. TTJr
Second degree. By order of the Master/ >
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
SOUTH San Francisco Lodge No. 212. F. ■
and A. Meets THIS EVENING at^%^
7:30 o'clock for third degree. By order TKJT
of the Master. ' ~ >
E. C. HARE, Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216, F. and A. M.. •
Masonic Temple— meeting THIS I*
(THURSDAY) EVENING, at ':3CTt3c
o'clock. Third degree. By order ofW
the W. M.
J. R. GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
YERBA Buena Lodge No. 15, I. O •*v"'tf^L
O. F.— lnitiation TO-NIGHT. SggSajSp
Three candidates. Refreshments. •S-3*i*!£ssr
Yum! Yum! . <^/l<^"
California Pioneers are y^J^sy^i'JMiWWm
requested to attend the %>CWramfflMßßaaß |
TTI^JO, from I*lo-
-neer Hall. TO-DAY (THURSDAY), June 15,
at 10 a. m. JOHN F. PINKHAM. Marshal.
eh I'l.O V M K.VT OFFICES.
; ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel, Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese help; established 20
years; tel. Main 1997. Bradley A Co.. 040 Clay.
I TUATIOXS AVAXTEO — FKMALE.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook desires situation;
good reference; city or country- MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter et.
NEAT young girl desires situation as nurse or
to assist in housework; $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GREEN Swedish girl wishes place to assist;
strong and willing; $10. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st.
DANISH housegirl; good cook: 4 years' refer-
ences. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter St.
SCANDINAVIAN cook, 2 years' references,
wishes situation. See J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st.
COMPETENT girl wishes a place to do cook-
Ing, second work or general housework in
private family; city or country; wages as
cook, from ♦2,' to $30; second work, $20; good
city references. Call or address 613 Ninth St.,
Oakland, for 3 days. Telephone Pine 141.
EASTERN woman wishes position as manag-
ing housekeeper; city or country: or as agent
for wholesale house; can accustom herself to
most any kind of business: no objection to i
traveling; from 10 to 5, 29 Eddy st., room 15. !
RESPECTABLE young French lady wishes a
situation .is governess in American family;
best of reference. Please call at 2529 Laguna
st., near Union.
MIDDLE-AGED lady would like to go to
country for summer for light services; neat
sewer; good home more object than wages.
Box 1538, Call office.
COMPETENT cook and girl assistant want
places; city or country: have references. Call
1007 Natoma st., near Eleventh and Mission.
RESPECTABLE girl wants ,to do general
his. -work in small family; best city refer-
ences. Box 1537, Call office.
HOUSEWORK In small American family; plain
cooking; small washing; $3 50 per week. Box
511. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by young woman to do
light housework. Please call at 33 Minna St.,
in store.
WANTED— A position as fireman or watch-
man: recommendations furnished. Box 544,
Call office.
STRONG girl wishes position to do cooking
and general housework. Please call at 402
1 '••! tral aye.
WOMAN wishes a position as working house-
keeper; Is a good cook. See party at 623 How-
ard st.
WANTED— By a young woman from the East,
a place at housework or second work. Ap-
ply box :>.-,. Call office.
REFINED German girl wishes a position at
upstairs work and sewing. 65 Minna st.
WANTED and mending to do at home.
150 Fourth St., room 12. first floor.
YOUNG girl wants situation to mind baby In
small family. Address F. G., 2526 Mission st.
RESPECTABLE American woman, with child
.'. years old, would like situation as working
housekeeping In small family: good plain
cook, neat worker: country town preferred;
wages SI 2 to $15 per month. Address Box 452,
I lay wards, Cal.
TWO Eastern girls with first-class references
wish situations; one as waitress or second
work, other housework. Call 37 Rausch st.,
bet. 7th and Stth, Folsom and Howard.
COMPETENT middle-aged woman wishes sit-
uation to do general housework or cooking
In private family. Address 1116 Hampshire.
NEAT sewer wishes sewing or repairing. Ap-
ply 25 Hyde st.
GERMAN-SWISS girl would like to do up-
stairs work. Call or .address 1559 Turk st.
YOUNG lady wishes position as lady's maid;
good seamstress; willing to make herself gen-
erally useful; no objection to children or
country: wages, $20 to $25. Add. 1037 A York.
STRONG German girl wishes to do chamber
work in hotel or family. Call or address 30
Twelfth st.
DRESSMAKING; perfect fitter in tailor-made
<uitß at $1 25 per day. 402 Mason st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED- MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
b»st help. 414% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 424.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary st. ; tel. Grant 56.
A TEMPERATE. Industrious and reliable
business man thrown out of employment by
a recent fire desires a situation as book-
keeper, collector, cashier or other office po-
sition at any small salary: was never dis-
charged from a position; 4 years, with last
employer; v years with previous one. Box
608, Call office.
AN experienced valet and traveling invalid
attendant, going to New York, is willing to
take charge of party for expenses. Address
box 680, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class barkeeper;
good mixer; city or country or extra work
done. HERMAN, 1205 Powell st.
JAPANESE, speaks English well, wants situa-
tion to do cleaning In store or as office boy.
Address box 997, Call office.
BARBERS— Good barber wants work for $10 per
week; city or country. Box 569, Call office.
MACHINIST, all-around man, light work;
will go in tbe country If in a" healthy part.
Address, with full particulars. Box 548, Call.
POSITION desired by experienced man as
manager, salesman or collector for firm with
branch office in Buffalo or Rochester, N. Y.
Address box M, Perry Center,. N. Y.
WANTED— By man and wife, place In the
mines or camp: mnn as watchman, fireman
or general work; wife Is a good cook and
first-class bread and cake baker; - best of
references. Address J. A. C. 2032 1 4 Lombard
st. San Francisco.
GOOD reliable barman and hotel man; speaks
English and German; best of references;
country preferred. Box 1654. Call office.
YOUNG man desires position as second baker
in hotel. Box 1513. Call office.
GARDENER, coachman, general utility man
wishes situation; city or country; good refer-
• ences. Box 697, Call, office.
MIDDLE-AGED man. strictly temperate, de-
sires work to run elevator. Box 1312. Call. .
FIRST-CLASS Japanese landscape gardener,
just arrived from Japan, .wants work by day
or contract. Address D. B. HOUSE. 634 Post.
SITUATION, city or country, by middle-aged
man; take care private place; can milk; handy
with tools; reference. Address box 683, Call.
STENOGRAPHER, expert, 250 words' speed;
rapid and accurate typewriter; office work.
Address box 1533. Call office.
111.1,1' 'WANTED— FEMALE.
HOUSEWORK, Santa Cruz, $2.'. per month; fare
paid. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NURSE, $25 per month. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK, $15 per month, no cooking-
housework, sleep home, $15. MISS CULLEN
325 Sutter st. ■',
REFINED German nursery governess $25 per
month. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WAITRESS, hotel. Gllroy, $18 per month, fare
paid; restaurant waitress, $5 per week;
waitress and chambermaid, City, $20. . MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. _^^
FIRST-CLASS laundress, hotel, city, $30 per
month. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WANTED— Waitress, . private* family $25; sec-
ond girl, Menlo Park, $2.V, San Rafael. $25-
Swedish second girl, : $20; 3 German cooks
$30 and $25; restaurant cook, $7 week: 10 ho-
. Tel and restaurant waitresses, $20 month-
housework, Palo Alto, $25; laundress $30'
and a number of girls for housework in cltv
at $20 and $25. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 316 Sutter st. . .
YOUNG girl to assist In light. housework and
take care of children; wages $10 to $15. 1651
Twelfth aye. south.
HELP WANTED- Contlnned.
"C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant ISS"
Head waitress for country hotel near city.
$25; waitress. Santa Cruz, to go to-day. $20: 6
waitresses, springs, $20, call early; chamber-
maid, springs. $20; 2 waitresses, resort, near
city, $20; 10 waitresses, different resorts. $20.
2 chambermaids to wait, resort. $20; 6 wait-
resses, city hotels, $20; 3 restaurant wait-
resses, $^ FAMiLVbRbERs-:::::::.::::::
!.... FAMILY ORDERS •••■••••
Housegirl choice place, $25; houseg rl, Amer-
ican family. $20. see lady here 11 a. m.,
housegirl. 2 in family. San Rafael. $2.,; house-
girl, small family, no cooking no washing.
$15; housegirl. San Jose. $20. and many others.
c. R. HANSEN & CO.. MM Geary st
LAUNDRESS for plain Ironing in resort Santa
Cruz, $30; also fancy ironer In resort . hote£
$35, free fare, call early. C. R. HANb--.- &
CO., 104 Geary st. ____- •
SCANDINAVIAN cook. $25. and chambermaid
to wait, $20, for plain boarding house, short
ways in country, see party here 1 o clock.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
PRIVATE family laundress must * e _*T!*"
class. $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
2 IRONERS for hotel laundry, short distance in
country $35 and found; free fare. Apply to
c R. HANSEN & CO.. 10* Geary st. :
LAUNDRESS, $30; housework, $30; second l girl.
$20: 2 nurse girls. $20 and $15. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter st. __; _____
COOK and waitress, same country hotel, good
wages: housekeeper. $15 to $20; nurse girl, $S;
middle-aged woman, $12: middle-aged woman,
country. $15; house girl. Santa Cruz, see party
here. $25. 2 In family; waitress, $25; and a
number of young girls to assist, $lo to *<:u.
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
PANTRY girl to assist waiting, $20, country
hotel. HOTEL GAZETTE. 420 Kearny St.
WANTED— experienced, for ladles'
wear; must understand something about ma-
chine sewing. Box 545, Call office.
GERMAN girl to assist in housework and care
of children. 1122 Noe St.. near Twenty-fourth.
YOUNG girl for second work, to assist with
children. 1034 Mission; call bet. 9 and 12 a. m.
GIRL wanted for general housework, plain
cooking, small washing. Call at 726 Cole st.
NEAT girl; light housework; small family;
sleep home; wages $10. 1512 Broadway.
2 APPRENTICES on vests to learn fine tailor-
ing. 14 Grant aye., room 65.
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework. 1761
Ellis St., between 1 and 5 p. m.
APPRENTICE on fine coats: must be a very
young girl. 724V4 Market St., room 22.
GERMAN girl for general housework. 1321
Mason St.; bakery;
WANTED— and girls to work on fruit.
376 San Jose aye.
GIRL for light housework: 3 in family. Call
bet. 9 and 5, 1667 Mission st.
GIRL wanted: light housework: 3 in family.
Call bet. 9 and 12, 2527 Gough st.
GIRL to do light housekeeping; no cooking;
no Washing; $5. 1913 Geary st.
GIRL to assist with light housework and chil-
dren. Fifth aye., near Lake; $10.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on coats; also appren-
tice; steady work. 354 Geary st.
GIRL or elderly woman to assist In light
housework. • 206 Fill more st.
100 WOMEN wanted at the Overland Fruit
Packing Co., 11 Harrison St., nr. Steuart.
OPERATORS with Some experience on steam
power machines will find good work in LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.'S Overall Factory. 32S Fre-
mont st. Inquire for MR. DAVIS.
NEAT girl for housework; must understand
plain cooking; wages $12. Inquire at 104
Devisadero st.
APPRENTICE girl to learn shoeflttlng. G.
M. KUTZ CO., 103 Mission st.
Al PUPILS for select millinery school; trade
thoroughly taught; plenty work; satisfaction
guaranteed: terms easy; evening classes. 506
Leavenworth st.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN 5845
L lading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
Machine hand, first class on sticker... s3 day
Boiler-maker, large company $3 75 day
Blacksmith and horseshoer, country shop....
...$3 day
Blacksmiths
$40 and found and $2 and $2 50 day
FOR A COMMERCIAL BANK CO
10 4-horse teamsters $52 month
10 common laborers $46 month
TO THE GOLD. SILVER AND COPPER
MINES
25 more laborers, no experience required, $1 85
to $2 40 day; any willing men can do this
work
....TO THE SAWMILLS AND W00D5....
FARE PAID
Laborers $26 and found
Crosscut sawyers, screw turners, timber
fellers, loggers, swampers, etc
.4 granite cutters $3 day
Foreman boiler-maker for large shop
10 laborers for mines $175 day
Bridge carpenter $3 day
Sheetlron worker City
Rough oorp. nter City work
choreman for soap factory $1 50 day
FREE FARE........ FREE FARE
To all the railroads in California for team-
sters, laborers, drillers, hammersmen. stone
masons, etc :...-....
25 laborers for tunnel work $2 to $2 50 day
' CITY WORK .".
20 laborers, board where you like, $1 75 day
10 teamsters $175 day
20 laborers $30 and found
f>o men for the hay and harvest fields
$1 25 and $1 50 day
Ranch hands Milkers
Milker and butter maker $30 and found
Choreboys Choreman
2 butchers $30 and found
Boy to drive butcher wagon
MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay St. ..
EXPERIENCED grocery clerk, country store.
MURRAY & READY, 634-C36 Clay st.
PORTERS BAKERS COOKS
Baker, country shop $50 and found
Baker, country shop $35 to $40 and found
Baker's helpers, $25 and found; 3 porters and
runners, country hotels. $25, $20 and $15 and
found; 10 cooks, $50, $40 and $35 and found;
waiters, springs and resorts; washers,
etc.
MURRAY ft READY,
.634-636 Clay St. ..
C. R. HANSEN & CO Telephone Grant IV,
EMPLOYMENT AGENTS
Wanted, to go this morning...-. 100 men,
teamsters, laborers and tunnelmen, $1 75 to
$2 50 a day, for the Coast Road, to go this
morning; call at office or depot, Third and
Tow:nsend sts., before 8:30, with blankets, to
start
NO OFFICE FEE \
Free fare To-day only.. Free fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Telephone Grant IBfi
EMPLOYMENT AGENCY
Camp blacksmith, free fare $3 a day
4 stonemasons, free fare $3 a day
Blacksmith's helper, free fare $2 25 a day
20 tunnelmen, free fare $2 to $2 50 a day
100 teamsters and laborers, free fare ".
$1 75 and $2 a day
: C. R. HANSEN & CO :....
104 Geary st
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Gearv st
EMPLOYMENT AGENCY "...
Meat and pastry cook, summer resort $70-
-vegetableman. same place, $25; cook, moun-
tain resort, $50; broiler, hotel, $50; camp
baker, $45; short order cook who can do
pastry, country hotel. $40- second cook
springs. $40; dishwasher, country hotel, $20-
-baker's helper, $5 a week; pantryman springs'
$20; kitchen help, etc. '
Head waiter, country hotel, $40 and found-
waiter, springs, $30; German waiter country'
$25; omnibus, hotel, $25, free fare; coffee house
waiter, $30.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
SECOND cook, $35; dishwasher, $20- country
hotel; fare advanced; see party here 9 am
C. R. HANSHN & CO.. 104 Geary st
BLACKSMITH, ranch. $40 and found: ranch
SI J) a day and found; blacksmith's heloer'
$1 50 a day and found." ' • ■ - Hnelper '
5 farmers. 3 months' job, $30 and found
12 haymakers, fare $1, $1 25 a day and board-
stableman. $30 and found; 2 milkers $05 man
for a factory, $1 60 a day. " n
30 woodsmen, pliers, choppers feller-? cross
cutters, $26 and board to $40 and board
_. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
TWO ironers for hotel laundnV short distance
ETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st. ° S "
WANTED— 50 first-class quart miners $3 50
per day part fare advanced; this is not for
Cover d'Alene. See J. F. CROSETT & CO
.628 Sacramento st. '
WANTED— Laborers for country, $1 25 ( ] av
fare advanced; 6 fence builder's, $2 day free
fare; 20 laborers for mines, $1 75 to $2 40 day
l^ 01 ™ Si city $1 75 to * 2 day; farmers!
$2... $26. $30 and $1 25 day; milkers. $25 and
$30; butter maker , for flrst-class small dairy
$30 and found and increase; buggy washer and
harness cleaner, $30 and found; 2 choremen
$20 and found. J. F. CROSETT & CO «M
Sacramento, st. ' "
WANTED-Second bread baker. $30 and found-
cook for resort, $40 and found; night cook $7
week; lunch counter cook, $30 and found? cook
IK «i f< Mi?-"" "I 0 "- $40: hoar( ' l ne house cooks
$25 and $30: restaurant cook, $11 week- eleva-
tor boys. $10 an.l found and $4 week- wait
c & r8 Co.? h 6lf S |?a r C S ra a^nfo he s r t S - J " F ' CRb . SE^
WANTED— Blacksmith for lumber camp $40
and found; , 2 swampers. $40 and found; 10
woodsmen for flrst-class company. $40 and
board; 12 tlemakers. 12c: lime burner $50 and
board; carpenter for ranch. $2 day and board
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 623 Sac
ramento st ■ .
W AITER. country hotel. $25. HOTEL - GA-
_ETTE, 420 Kearny at.
HELP WAXTED— Continued.
WANTED— Blacksmith for mine, good steady
Job at f 50 per day; man to run header, good
long job near city, $2 50 per day; 10 farmers
and ranch teamsters, near city. $1 2;i per day;
waiter for small country hotel. $25; black-
smith's helper, also a tool sharpener for same
mine steady job at $2 per day: 3 milkers, $30;
and others. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay St.
ANDRE'S office. 316 Stockton at.— 2 cooks for
resorts, near city, $60 and 540; cook, second
and dishwasher, country hotel, tJK JoO and
$20; waiter, resort. $25: waiter, restaurant, ?3o;
pantryman, $25: dishwasher. $25; hotel butch-
er. $40. for springs: assistant gardener, Jlo;
dairyman, private place, $25, etc.
WANTED— The address of any and all ex-
agents of the industrial department of the
Pacific Mutual Life Insurance Company or
California; money In this for rhe right par-
ties. For further particulars address "W . H.
G.. P. O. box 4^7. San Diego, Cal.
WANTED— Reliable man to assist liu'ht. genteel
work 9 hours per day: duties easily learned:
must be satisfied with $1« per week; small
capital required. 10S2 Market st., room 4.
MEN wanted — Laborers, drillmen and team-
sters on railroad work: fare Oakdale to
Sonora free. Apply to BUCK MAN, 3"2 Mont-
gomery st.
FIRST-CLASS steamer carpenter; steady job;
must have own tools- $110 per month. F. J.
SEPULYEDA, 132" Stockton St., room 28.
WANTED— lntelligent, reliable man for re-
sponsible position. $20 a week; rrust have $150
cash security. Western Inv.-st. Co:, 9 Geary.
CARPENTER wanted. 908 Golden Gate aye.
BARBER, good workman, wants job; city or
country. Box 512. Call Offl
STRONG boy to work in candy factory. In-
quire at SlO Market st.
IMMEDIATELY; two first-class shoemakers;
custom work. 220 Noe st.. near Market.
WANTED— Good dishwasher. 3 Jackson st.
BUTCHER wanted at 991 McAllister st.; must
be acquainted in Western Addition.
BOOTBLACK, must be flrst-class, for barber
shop; good wages. 100 Market st.
SHOEMAKERS want-!. 830 Broadway, Oak-
land.
PRINTER: between 11 and 1 o'clock I! _
Stanley place, bet First and .-•
BOXING instructor wanted for Argentine train-
Ing ship: contract; letter? only, with refer-
ences. W. Y. LOAIZA, Argentine Consul, 216
Sansome st. ..
SALESMAN for introducing cocoa and chocr>-
lates with grocers; only flrst-class salesman
thoroughly knowing market will apply; good
man, high salary. Box 524, Call office.
TO go this week— 6oB pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new. from 50c to Jl 50: new
Slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission St..
bet. Ist ami id sts.: open 5 a. m. to 9 |
WANTED— Two coatmakers, one bushelman;
bet 12 ard 1 o'clock. SAN JOSE WOOLEN
MILLS, 623 Market st.
ADVERTISING sollctor; experience and ref-
erences: steady Job Address box sQf', Call.
GOOD lunch counter waiter for country town.
Address box 549, Call office^
YOUNG man to learn trade; must have money
to buy small business. BROWN, ,!32 B
GET your shoes half sole,! while waiting.
"62 Mission St.. between Ist and 2d sts.
YOUNG single man to repair watches and jew-
elry; must understand engraving; for city
store; open evenings; permanent position to
right man. Box 1520, Call office.
WANTED— t plumbers for Spokane, Wash.
Particulars apply HOLBROOK, MERRILL A:
STETSON^
WATCHMAKING; young men and ladles to
learn trade. Address box 517. Call office.
BARBER at 703 Howard st. ; good wages.
COAL miners accustomed to pitching veins can
find steady work at goqtl wages at the Tesla
coal mines. Alameda County, Cal. : sufficient
new ground has been opened up during the
past ninety days to make room tor forty c >al
miners; no other class of labor is require. 1.
and miners unaccustomed to pltchinc veins
are not advise,! to come. SAN FRANCISCO
AND SAN JOAQUIN COAL CO.. R. H.
N( >RTON, superintendent.
MEN wanted everywhere to distribute Fampl«s
and advertise California Orange Syrup; ?2
per day and expenses paid: cash every week:
particulars for 2-cent stamp. California
Orange Syrup Co., San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St. : 150 large
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WIJ-PON House. 775 Mission St.. near Fourth—
li»i modern rooms with hot, cold water: free
baths; electric liirhts; elevator: 25c to $1 night.
WANTED— Expert dump men anu powder men
for steam shovel work. Apply to JAS. A.
McMAHON, 21" Spear at.
WANTED — 20 pick and shovel men at $1 75 per
day. Devisadero and Broadway, city.
WANTED— 2O men to OCCUP9 rooms: !-
night. 60c to $1 per wk. 105 New Montgomery.
BUSH. 421. above Kearny— Choice rooms; gas
and stationary washstand: 15c. 25c up.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, We, 15c and 25c
per night. LindeH. 6th and Howard; read. rm.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at s. F,
BARBER COLLEGE, 138 Mi Eighth st.
ELLIS, 321 (Rosedale House) — 160 rooms, day,
week or mo.: rates. 25c to $1 per night; re-
duction to permanent roomers: reading room.
PENSIONS 3. H. SHEPARD £ CO., attorneys,
—Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
BARBERS' Prog: in; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. l.vt 7th; t.
SINGLE rooms, 15c, 20c, 25c per night;
to *2 50 week. Elcho House, 863H Market st.
TRY Acme House. 957 M&rket st.. below Sixth.
for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night: reading roon
'bus nnd baggage to and from the ferry.
WANTED -To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. FCnos Collection Agency. 112 S>itt<=r st
A(iE\TS WANTED.
SELL ?>Tagic Heel Protectore, sprnplc 10c: also
leather Lustre: =am ?r.. . BROWN. ""
ROOMS WANTED.
BY 2 adults. 3 unfurnished sunny rooms near
panhandle; modern; reasonable. Boa 54
II RMTIRi: WANTED.
JENSEN Furniture Store. 79 9th. buys, sells.
exch. new & 2d-hand fur., carpets, stoves.
wa\ti:d-mis( 1:1,1, \m:mi s.
WANTED— To buy, a halr-plcklng machine.
Address, stating price, bOS 528, Call Office.
ROLLER top desk, second-hand; must be fine.
Box 1656. Call office.
2 OK 3 50-foot painter's falls and hooks; good
condition. 225 Jersey st.
WANTED— To hire 100 flr»t-clasb scraper teami
with harness and pead bars; lone Job. E. B.
STONE. Klmhurwt.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, g*?ol., min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English; 2t
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
AY RES' Business College. 723 Market stT;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship. English branches, etc.; Ufa
scholarship, $50; low rates per week and mo.
BOOKKEEPING thoroughly In 6 weeks, or a
year's course free; rapid cal'ns; other studies-
college graduates perfected. TAHR, Expert
Accountant, room 60, Flood building.
PRIVATE instructions In shorthand and type-
writing; Improved method; $:! per month:
also typewriting done very reasonable 365
McAllister St. t
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system: sunny rooms: low rates- day
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Mk\.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, mln-
lng. mech. survey, assay.* arch!. ; day & eve.:
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN, 933 Marfcet.
LAW Schools, 927 Market. S.~f7 and 905 Broad-
way. Oakland; day and night: correspondence
PIANO lessons by a competent teacher: ten
years experience: 50c an hour. 620 Eddy st.
MATHEMATICS, history, English taught;
coaching specialty: vacation $5 mo. 2K Eddy
"EXPANSION" the q^ler at DURHAM'S Bus-
Iness College, 305 Lpkln St.. opp. City Hall.
£cTst.
LIGHT overcoat, on San Leandro road. bet.
Alameda and Haywards, Tuesday. June 13;
good reward. Return or notify R. B. HAMIL-
TON, 1275 Webster st.. Alameda.
LOST— Large diamond ring bet. Neva'a stafc'.i
and Golden Gate Park. Finder return to
Nevada stable, reward $50.
$25 REWARD for return of card case contain-
ing diamond stud and papers. 72« Market st.
LOST— Black feather boa on Market st., near
Jones. 431 Franklin St.; reward.
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernia Sav-
ings and Loan Society of San Francisco, In
the name of ANNIE A. PRATT, No. 147-31*.
The finder will please return to hank.BUSINESS CHANCES.
A -$?oft-CIGAR «tore with club rooms
laundry oihee; choicest location; close to
Powell and Ellis sts.; rare chance. R O
WILKE.I 9O6 j Market st. "
A-s*so; CORNER saloon on Sixteenth and Mis~-
*ion: living rooms: rent low; lease; a
first-class paying place,; no better offer for
r.ian und wife. Call R. G. WILKE. 906
Market st.
A— s4.o -BRANCH bakery and notion store In
llvel> country town. IS miles from the city:
rein $15. including flat; a rare chance. R G
-> ILKE, 906 Market st. ' '
A-sl2l^; BAKERY in lively country town-"
established years; monthly sales $1000- rent
$25: horse, wagon, living rooms; a good pay-
Ing business. Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
A— s4so; BRANCH bakery In the Mission 4
living rooms; rent $17 50, a good paying place-
cloars Rbuut $100 per month. R. G. WILKE
SKj6 Market t-l '
A-$1600; CORNER grocery and bar: llVlrir
mm.; one-half block from Wleland's Brewery
daily receipts about $26; cash trade only; a
rare chance.Call K. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
$4WfGROCERT and bar"; : ; living rooms; south"
of .Market; rent !2r.: owner • lung on account
of other business. M LESS, 765 Market st.
S7OO-BUTCHER shop; 35 miles from city!
[?mV oi: t }^ reKula L r , customers: receipts from
JltcV to $1.00 monthly; living rooms, bargain
Lks>s>. r65 Market st.
$40£fOYSTER house and tamale factory near
Market; must be sold at once on account of
otner business In country. M. LESS. 765
Market st.
JSM^LOCKSMITH shop; established 14 "years!
full value In stock; business speaks for Itself
satisfactory reasons for selling. M. LESS,
.b,. Market st.. opposite lan's.
RESTAURANT in most prosperous Inland town
cl State; S furnished rooms; offered at great
sacrifice; owner going to Europe. M. LESS.
7fio Market m
Sl-MV-MANUFACTURING business; established-
-10 years; accident cause of sale; paying busl-
ness. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market st
$:i«v -PARTNER wanted: business will ps over
$w) per month to each yearly McLAUGHLIN
6 ''P., 777 Market st.
$150— PARTNER wanted in light business; $li
to $2o a week; trial given: no experience re-
qulred. Western Investment Co., 9 Geary st
COAL yard for sale; cheap. WESTERN IN-
ESTMENT CO . 9 Geary St.
JIOOy — BAKERY; prosperous country town of
4000; store and wagon trade $20 day: supplies
4 towns with bread: tin- opening for hustler;
trade can be doubled. JONES, 865 Market st.
COFFEE and lunch r_om; great sacrifice: sick- :
ness cause sale. COWING & CO.. 995 Market. :
$200— HALF Interest In manufacturing business; j
big profits. National Agency, 7v' ; _. Market.
FORTUXES In rubber and coffee; plantations
for sale; partioif.atinn $10 ip write for pros-
pectus. MEXICAN IMPROVEMENT CO.,
22" California ft.
$150-^DELICACY stand in market with other
thing doing good business; no night or Sun-
day work; make an offer. 513 Eighth st.,
Oakland.
FOR f-alo — Wine and liquor business, with
horse and wagon and everything that belongs
to a wine cellar; selected route. 1411 Pacific. |
$100 TAKES a corner branch bakery, notion j
ami toy ?tore; sickness the cause. Corner
Union nd Buchanan sts.
SNAP— Saloon; first-class location; must sell on
account of sickness; price $150. Inquire at
Call office.
WANTED— Barber's business; must be paying
and low price. Box 529, Call office.
FURNITURE store, established 23 years; re-
tiring; no reasonable offer refused. 121 Sixth.
JK«V- CONFECTIONERY and stationery , store
at a bargain. Apply 827 Mission st.
GENERAL manufacturer wishes to communi-
cate %vith gentleman with $5000 or $10,000.
greatest opportunity in this line in United
States; full information by address. Box
1016. Call office.
GOOD hotel in Sacramento; doing first-class
business; good location: 65 regular boarders:
reason of disposal, parties going to leave. In-
quire Call office.
$.".>»'•— PA RTNER wanted; manufacturing busi-
ness; Government trade. 103 Ninth st.
FOR sale — A good paying saloon. Inquire
Rathskeller. 14 California st.
HA UK opf-niiig in daily Journalism. Address
M . lox IUS4, Call office.
SALOON for sale; In good location. Inquire at
636 Third st.
SALOON for sale — Good business; good loca-
tion. Inquire National Brewing Co.
SALOON and 6-roo.m lodging house, completely
furni.shed. for sale. SO Jackson st.
COFFEE an.] tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CA SWELL & CO.'S., 415 Sacramento Bt.
ROUTE on this taper for sale. Apply this
office.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
$400^-10-ROOM cor. flat; worth $1000; 0n1y... $400
. 30 rooms; new fur. $250 cash, balance $10. low)
22 rooms; on Howard st 800
. .MY BEST BARGAIN TO-DAY IS
. \ 10-ROOM HOUSE; NEW FURNITURE..
{100 CASH
"BALANCE nn PER MONTH; PRICE $4:>0..
IR-room house on Third st $375
24 rooms; n»>ver changed hands IWO
Country hotel and bar 30 rooms ISOO
.i- room flat, near Emporium 250
room house; worth $'V»'> -•""
16-room house; ■:: Sixth st 550
IS rooms; sunny corner; clears $200 IK")
SO rooms; best corner In the city ISO
10 rooms; on Jones St.: worth $l'WO — 500
14 rooms; on Taylor st. (good) 550
H. C. DECKER,
K.O Market St.. 1020 Market st.
10-ROOM house, new, elegant furniture, for
«ale at a bargain. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
A M SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
A— fiO rooms $2.5"0 2S rooms $800
A— 6o rooms 1,500 IS rooms 880
A— 39 rooms 1,500 8 rooms 2CO
Insurance rates cut 26 to 50 per cent.
TO elope an estnte— The Marlborough, 404 Eddy
St.; 36 rooms; all oak furniture and new car-
pets; to be seen by permit from our office
only. A. M SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
A— WANT tenants for 6. 8. 10. ]S, 30. SO rooms.
SPECK &CO 667 Market st.
$350— 22-ROOM house, eat Market st. ; rent $40.
$3W-1S rooms: central; all rented: $150 cash,
balance on time. BASILS, 873 I*.1 *. Market st.
$250— ELEGANT house 10 rooms: first floor doc-
tor's Office; selling for best reasons: 50 other
houses for sale. HEALY, 917 Market st.
LODGING-HOUSE, 3S rooms; all furnished;
price $275. Apply at 1324 Stockton st.
$3W>— LODGING house of 20 rooms for sale;
rent $25. 72 Jackson st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of a 4-room flat, $20; complete
for housekeeping rent cheap. 652 Clementina.
FOR sale cheap— Furniture of 4 rooms; 'ill
new; rent $10. 4." Shipley st.
TAPESTRY, Brussels carpets, laid and lined.
Uf . Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310 Stockton st.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $43 60, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
HORSES.
4C HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
cur's harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth Ft.; auction sales every. Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE Auctioneers.
ALWAYS on hand; well broken road, business
and work horses. Chape & Mendenhall. suc-
cessors Kllllp A.- Co.; sa!e.«yard, 1732 Market.
at auction. Friday, June 16, at 11 o'clock, at
310 Golden Gate aye.. 50 head good work and
driving horses, from 1000 to 1400 pounds.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES. ,
Id RETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts.
buggies, .-.irreys and horses. 1140 Folsom ft.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines 2d-hand machinery. Me-
IXTOSH & WOI.FMAN, 193-197 Fremont st
FRENCH plate beveled mirror, 45x66 In.. 4-in.
rraple fram*; perfect condition; another 30x48 j
In.; a bargain. JONES, 547 Mission st.
RINGER sewing machine: latest; new; cheap.
120 Preclta aye., near Alabama st.
7-ROOM house for sale; to be removed from
1219 Turk st. Inquire of EDWARD K. PEAR-
SON. 1231 Folsom Bt |
ICE plant; 2d hand; complete; pipe, engine,
boiler, ammonia tank. Whit*. 516 Mission.
FIRE ai>d burglar proof safe and National
each register; cheap. 42 Main st.
BARS hack bars, mirrors, showcases, counters.
'linoleum, office furniture, store and office
furniture and fixtures; new and second-hand.
J. NOON AN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St..
abovs Slxth^ _____ |
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors, i
bought, sold nnd exchanged. 1063 Mission st. ]
FOR sale— Two very small thoroughbred black j
,',, tan pups. Mission «st.; barber shop. ■
BOILERS. engines, second-hand machinery. \
"AfiH^IAN_&J3UKKE. 139 Baals st.
rtARnT.TNE en-lnes— l h. p. $100. 2 h. p. $126. 3 j
* ° $1M 4 !^h *". 75 - Smith Co - 527 Mission. ;
DRESS "cTnTs", $2 96: fine suits. $9 95. Misfit Cloth- i
ing Parlors. 613 Montgomery, cor. Commercial. - 1
A— l 3 50 DERBY anil Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu- j
" lar Price Hatters. 330 Keaniy St.. near Pine.
SAFES— sizes, new and second-hand. THE 1
HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento st. j
SAFER- Bargains In new and second-hand, all 1
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F. I
PERSONALS.
IN * r ''f, soods~of FREDERICK HAMMOND of
H*\f ?t'nv^ eaiM!d ~" Wal »«*l. ROBERT. J.
HAMMOND, an heir of the above named
born In Dublin; laet heard of in Sydney. N.
rv»lV t A p _! ly t0 T - V RVAN, 35 Stephens
Green. Dublin.
PUBLIC school teacher wishes pupils- best ref-
erences; terms low. Box 540, (.'all office.
LINCOLN BROS.—
Sell Eggs. 16c doz; Butter. 30c roll; 2 lbs
coffee. 25c: 5 cans Deviled Ham. 25c; 6 cans
Sardines. 25c; 3 cans Table Peaches, 25c;
large cans Jelly, 10c; 12 lbs Beans, 25c; 4
cans Best Tomatoes. 25c; 5 cans Baked Beans,
2;>c; 3 cans Milk, 25c; Flour, 75c sk: 19 lbs
Clran. Sugar. $1. We pay freight 100 miles.
LINCOLN BROS., 226 Sixth, above Folsom.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres: dealer in
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
LEDERERS Qulntonlca Rives the beautiful
gloss to hair you admire so much; 3. r bottle;
Foamo Shampoo, 5c package. 123 Stockton st.
ASK LEDERER for Scheffler's Colorine; 'twill
restore gray or bleached hair to its natural
color for $1 50 to $5: price 75c per box: hair-
dressing, 2.'c; switches, $1. 123 Stockton st.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent. Trademark
Attorney at Law. and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free "bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
PRIVATE sanitarium— Surgical and medical
caFes taken charge of - for physicians, sur-
geons and private Individuals. 1316 Guerrero,
nr. 25th; Ouerrero-st. cars; tel. Blue 991.
T. BRILLIANT, 338-340 Post 6t.. will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suit's, etc., on very easy payments.
COMPLETE line ladies' tailor-made suits; low
prices; easy payments. Eastern Outfitting
Co., cloak and suit dept., 1306 Stockton at.
DR. CREELY'S Dog Hospital. 109 Elm aye. :
office. Horse Hospital, 510 Golden Gate aye. ;
separate ward for contagious diseases.
GENTLEMEN'S sewing or mending at 271
i ''Farrell st., room 12.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no Injec-
tion; guarantd. Dr. Gordin, 514 Pine, ab. Keany.
— ELEGANT ladies' tailor-made suite to order
at wholesale figures. KRAMER, 20 Sansome.
LADIES' tailor-made suits, $1 week. Chicago
Clock Co., 1814 Market St.; open evenings.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOSHITANI, 313 Sutter St.
A— Ladles, or gent's clothing, furniture, bought
sold; tel Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOB, 1117 Market st., bet. 7th and Bth.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices;
$1 a week. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
FOLDING beds $8 50; bedrm sets $8: bed lounges
$4 50: open eve's. L. J. NEUMANN, 121 Sixth.
WANTED— gold for manufacng. O. Nolte, I
Jeweler.- 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell & Mason. j
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year. '
DRESSMAKERS.
REMOVED to SS7 Geary St.; dresses made, $5
up: perfect fit. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test medium,
life reader; also medical clairvoyant; treats i
private, chronic or obscure diseases; send ■
stamp for circular. Offices 232 Stockton, bet.
Post and Geary : sittings $1; diagnosis free.
MRS. MANDENA, clairvoyant, medium and
palmist; satisfaction or no pay; developing
and te?t circles Monday. Wednesday and Fri-
day evenings; 25e. 234»_ Sixth st.
CIRCLE to-day. 2 p. m.. 25c; readings $1. MRS.
STEERS, medium, 112' Oak st. j
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-ni^t", j
10c 606 McAllister st. ; come skeptics, <pr*
CRINDLE. slate writer and occult telegraphy;
sittings. $1; 10 to 5. 323 Ellis st.
MRS. MENA FRANCES, Independent slate-
writing medium. 118 Haight st.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m. ;
Hon.. 8; 25c; sittings, $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune j
teller, has opened an office nt 315 O'Farrell. 1
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MISS J. B. DWYER, the aistlngulshed clalr- ]
voyant and medium; those in trouble or who |
wish to know their future should consult this j
gifted medium immediately, either in person j
or by letter; Miss I'wyer graduated under the
highest professor in occultism and is master
of the power by wjitch she can reveal your
entire life; also the lives of thos,e In whom
you are Interested; satisfaction guaranteed by
mail. $1. reduced rates to the poor. 917 Mar-
ket st. |
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and \
card reader; born with double veil and sec- i
ond sluht; diagnoses disease; full life read-
ing; ladles. 50c; gents, $1; sit.. $1 M. 126 Turk.
WONDERFUL success of ot Mme. CUttgman,
from New York, scientific palmistry and .
astrologtst'. readings 60c and $1. 613 Tenth .
st., Oakland.
MME. HARRISON, scientific palmist; pupil of
Chelro. 531 Sutter St.. near Mason, rooms 14
and 15. upstairs; ladles only. j
MME HANSON, card reader and palmist;
past, present and future, 25c. 14S Sixth, r, 12. I
MISS SHELDON is located at 17 Grant aye..
room 6; card reading and business advice.
MISS L. DEAN, fortune teller and palmist. :
1065 Market St., room 2. •
MISS M. FOX, celebrated card reader, room 12,
311 Grant aye.
MMX RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. I Fourth st.
MISS GRACE HAYS, card reader and mag- ,
netlst. 207 Powell St., rooms 5-6. \
RETURNED— YON BERG, clairvoyant ,
and palmist. 204 Ellis St., rooms 35 and 36.
MISS ALEECE FAURE. card reader. 405 Kear- !
ny Ft., room 34; French and English spoken.
MRS. KOPP, natural-born clairvoyant and card
reader; 5Cc. IS Lewis st., off Taylor, nr. Post. ,
MIsi~TESSIE GRANT, returned, card reader
and palmist. 36H Geary it., rooms 1 and 3. |
MISS GREEN, card reading and palmistry. 203 j
Po»t st., room' 1. j
BLANCHE DE CHAPPELLE. clairvoyant and i
card reading. 417 Bush st., rooms 9 and 10.
MYRTLE POTTER, card reader and palmist. j
Parlors 12 and 18, second floor. 865H Market.
MME ETTA RALPH, magnetlst and psychom-
etrlst; parlors 2 and 3. 995 Market st.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c; Sunday hours.
7 to 10 p. m. 326 Lnrkln St.. room 6.
MME. AUGUST. 1150 Mission Ft.; clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay: 2ac.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MME RYBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus- j
band's picture. 25c: ladles.. 914 O'Farrell st. !
PißXiuvi'U \ .
NEERGAARd! pupil of Count St. Ger-
maine. «16 Geary St., above Jones; tel. Hyde
' 2621; reading by mall. $1.
YOUR fate Is In your hand; scientific palmis-
try. MME. GERMAINE, 906 Market St.. r. 30.
PROF. D LANDER will read your hand to j
perfection. 34 Sixth St., room 8. i
A— MME BUBHNELL. the famous palmist. 816
Bush St.. • bet. Taylor and Jones.
ASTROLOGY.
ASTROLOGER and trance medium; - minerals
located . "lucky days; palmistry. 319 McAllister.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Fleam Carpet Cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets, C. H STEVENS Mgr..
3S and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
/-nd to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-357 Tehama st.; tel. B. 40.
CARPETS cleaned, 3c per yard. H. L. JONES.
300 McAllister at- cor. Larkln; tel. Mint 1601.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
tel Main 394. OEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J~ MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South .23: lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 30. '
STRATTON S. I Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
J E MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th j
st.; cleaning 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
U. S. Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn.. 308 Golden
Gate: carpets cleaned. 3c yd.: tel. Mint 346. |
CON KLIN'S Carpct-beattng Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 126.
SEWING MACHINES.
MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine hupplies. 145 Sixth: phona Mint 46.
AUTOMATIC. Domestic. Singer, Whit* cheap; j
repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
~ storage! . . '
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop., !
m Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 21. -
PIERCE & TAYLOR, packing and storage ot
furn. A H. H. goods. 735 Mkt.. tel. Black 111.
PI ERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Of flee. 401 Post St.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 5711. |
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 15, 1899.
HOI SES TO LET.
FOUR fine houses, newly papered, tinted and
painted, 838 Guerrero, cor. Twenty-first; 12
rooms, large grounds, stable, etc.; 3356 and
33* Twenty-first, near Guerrpro, 7 rooms
each. These are desirable, pleasant homes;
rent very reasonable; see them. E. G. PEN-
NISTON. 34M Twenty-first st.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN A HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
BUNNY house, 7 rooms and bath. $724 Brod-
rirk St., near McAllister; rent $22.
KIKMSHKI) HOUSES TO LET.
REAUTIFUL country home, 12 rooms, nicely
furnished; large, handsome grounds; rent
$40. 698 Thirty-flfth St., Oakland; Grove-st.
cars.
DESIRABLE furnished house near park for a
month or more; reasonable; references. 1206
Haight st.
MISSION, 2533, near Twenty-second— B rooms
partly furnished; modern built: latest im-
provements; water free. Room S, Flood, bldg.
TO LET— 9 rooms and hath, with piano, $4s.
GEO. W. H. PATTERSON & CO.. 1706 Mar-
ket *t
COTTAGES TO LET.
BY July 1, furnished cottage in Sausalito to let,
6 rooms and bath, for the summer; rent $25.
Inquire at 58 Clementina st.
SUNNY cottage, 4 and 5 rooms; fiat, 6 rooms,
hath; cheap. 187^ Fifteenth St.. near Dolores.
FLATS TO LICT.
flats. cottXSbb.
932 Clay; 4 r $15 315 Jersey; 6 r $13
3601 Jackson; 6 r.. lo 2106 O'FarreH; 4 r.. 11
3 Pine place; 5 r.. 13 243 C Bush; 3 r 10
523 Linden aye.; 4 r 11 2106 O'Furrell; 4 r... 11
1057 G. G. aye.; 4 r. 10 1514V4 Scott; 4 r S
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
BEAUTIFUL modern 8-room corner flat. Cor-
ner Howard and Nineteenth sts.
BRANNAN, 422, near Third — Upper flat of 2
sunny choice rooms; yard; i-ellar: water; Jfi.
COZY flat; 3 rooms, bath; modern. 3 Middle
Bt, oIT California, near Fillmore.
FELL, 611— Flat. 4 rooms and bath; hot and
cold water, eas, yard and basement. Key
at SII Fell st.
FLAT. 6 rooms, bath; basement; yard; sunny
and modern improvements; rent reduced. 432
Haight st.
FLAT of 4 rooms, bay-window and bath. 716
Natoma St., bet. Eighth and Ninth; $12.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWBLL,
10 Montgomery st.
FEW steps from City Hall, fine sunny top flat;
6 rooms, bath. 10 Grove st.
MISSION, 1513. near Eleventh 6 large sunny
rooms; bath, laundry, yard; rent $18.
SIXTEENTH, near Howard — Nice, clean sunny
upper flats; T rooms and bath; $16; repairs to
suit. G. H. UMBSEN & CO . 14 Montgomery.
UPPER flat. 3 choice sunny rooms; pantry;
storeroom; $12. 2419 Clay St., near Fillmore.
$18— PARLOR, bedroom, dining-room, kitchen, !
hath, toilet, cellar, yard. 1917 Oeary st. I
ROOMS FOR HOI'SEKEEPIXG.
AT 14A Geary— Large, well-fur, suite for light
hskpg.; run. water; $16 mo.; others $1 50 wk.
BRODERICK, 1924, cor. Sacramento 3 unfur-
nished rooms for housekeeping; or with stove
un.l carpet.
BUSH. 1203, nr. Hyde— Flat, 4 rms. partly fur-
nished for housekeeping: pa?: Lath; piano.
("LAY. 3940— Large front bedroom, kitchen; use
of parlor; no children; price iio. .
CLEMENTINA, 7"7 I front light connecting
housekeeping rooms; stove; laundry; hath;
rent $10.
EDIiY, 917— Furnished or unfurnished rooms;
splendid location; private family; ii" children. ;
EDDY, 473 2 or 3 rooms furnished complete, j
with closets, pantry, yard.
EDDY, 917 Nicely furnished connecting h'.ußt--
keeping roms; no children; private resi.i. n. -e
ELLIS, 742— Nicely furnished sunny double
room; closet; gas; bath; light hskpg: $10.
FRANKLIN, 203 Two sunny furnished rooms:;
parlor, kitchen, bath; corner.
GEARY, 656— Elegant sunny from parlor, piano; !
: other rms.. privilege light hkpg.; tel. j
GEARY, 1817— $18; tor adults, 4 comiortable
rooms and bath; 2 beds; 2 stoves; gas and coal. '
HOWARD, 704, cor. Third - Kinc larire sunny
rooms on first floor; suitable housekeeping, i
HOWARD. 757%. nr. 4th— 2 fur. rms.: painted
walls; clean; bright: separate flat: stove.
HYDE. 621, nr Post— 3 furn. rms. complete '
for housekeeping; back yard; $16 with gas.
LARKIN, 326—2 or 3 Eunny housekeeping apart-
Bents, furnished complete; gas range: bath, j
UEAVENWOBTH, 811— Sunny 4-room floor for
couple; bath; yard: Jl2. I
MARKET, IKK. opp. Tenth— Large front sunny
alcove suite. $10.
PERRY, 263 — 3 unfurnished large sunny rooms;
new house; separate entrance; rear; cheap.
POWELL, 143, below OFarrell— 3 frnshd hkpg.
rooms; hot and cold water; range; bath.
SEVENTH. 262— Newly painted large furn. rms;
Ist floor; front garden; hack yard; stove.
SHIPLEY. 259. near Folso^n and Sixth— Four
rooms, $6. 60 Natoma St., two housekeeping
rooms, $5.
Hi iVTII PARK. 159. near Third and Bryant-
Front rooms for light housekeeping.
STEVENSON, 403. cor. Fifth— Housekeeping
rms.; complete; newly tinted; $8 up: homelike.
TEHAMA. 478. near Sixth— s rme., complete for
hskpg., $14: also 2 others for lißht hskpg., JS.
TENTH. 136— Large front room furnished for
light housekeeping.
THIRD, 514H- 2 lg. unfur. rms.; large yard and j
cellar; rent $*>; side ''lit. Inquire barber shop. |
VALENCIA. 1171-2 nicely furnished bay-win-
dow rooms; private family; housekeeping.
WASHINGTON, 2KO7— Uppe/r floor. 3 large sunny
unfurnished housekeeping rooms; rent. $16.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny St.- Pleasant
sunny rooms en suite or single; first-class I
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms. 50c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
BOHEMIAN, 239 Post, cor. Stockton— Sunny
corner, rooms and suites; quiet, all conven-
iences; tourist; elevator, etc.; first-class ref-
erence given.
CARROLTON. 1206 Market— Sunny corner fur-
nished and unfurnished rooms and offices.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason -Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
FOLSOM. R2O. near Fourth— Furnished rooms,
$1 week and up.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 727— Handsomely furnish-
ed sunny front room; running water; private
family; reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. corner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en FUlte and
single: elevator: moderate rateg ; families.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HARRISON, 784V4, near Fourth -Finely fur-
nlshed sunny rooms; bath; all conveniences;
homelike; $1 week.
HOTEL Grosvenor. 319 Sutter, near Stockton-
Sunny suites or single rooms; cable cars pass
dcor; elevator: free baths.
HOTEL Victoria, 1105 Hyde— Prettily furnished
corner suites, bath; board optional.
JESSIE, US— Nice sunny front rooms, $6 per
month.
MARKET. 1035, bet. 6th and 7th-Several choice
front sunny suites; also single; from $1 &0 up.
M'ALLISTER, 635- -Nicely furnished rooms in
private family: bath.
MINNA, 667. cor. Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 1210— New furnished rooms; also
suite suitable for doctor's office; private
family.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices, elevator: electric lights; day. wk.. mo.
POST. 715— Large furnished room, Bunny,
closet, gas, bath: 410.
POST, 629. bet. Taylor and Jones— Sunny fur-
nlshed room suitable for two.
POST. 707. near Jones— Front alcove suite: 1
back housekeeping room; gas; bath; closets.
POWELL, 15— Newly fur.; new management;
single, double, transient; next to Columbia.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis St.- Incandescent j
light: reading room, smoking room and
ladies' parlor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50; !
week. $2 to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot, cold wat.: baths.
RITCH, 206 H. off Bryant, near Third— 2 and 4
rooms; rent $5 and $7.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished
STOCKTON, 1307— Nicely furnished rooms; also
rooms for housekeeping; moderate.
SUTTER, 1111— FurnUhed rooms, single and en
suite: also for housekeeping.
THE WALDORF, 24 Fifth St.. near Market -
Select rooming house; telephone Mint 1792.
THE Oaks 119 Third— A good rooming houn
for good people. R HUGHES, Proprietor.
THIRD, 2S, near Market— Sunniest rooms in
city; white lights; extra good beds; cheap.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
THIRD, 608, nr. Bryant-Cheerful, bright room,
bath, hot. cold water; single, $6. or $8 for 2.
TURK, 108>4— Elegant room for gentleman;
central: $12 month.
VAN NESS. aye.. 43— Nicely furnished sunny j
rooms; bay-window suite; kitchen; also other ,
-• rooms. • ;•" -* ;-.-'.- -: ':■■•■- !
ROOMS AND HOARD.
AT 415 First St.— Nicely furnished rooms, with
board, $5 a week up; Swedish home; parlor.
ELLIS, 1127— Sunny front room suitable for
two; board optional: private family.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant sunny rooms, good
home cooking; single, $25; double, $20.
POWELL. 309 (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union
eg.— Furnished suites and single rooms: In
business locality for table boarders.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
WANTED— One or two children to board; also
room. 429 Minna st.
INFANTS boarded: confidential. Box 700. Call
office
RESTAURANTS.
WESTERFELD'S Restaurant, coffee and Ice
cream parlor. 1035 Market si.: popular price*
STORES TO LET.
NINTH, corner Bryant— Large store: good fix-
tures, rooms and stable: rent low.
STORE to lease— First-class location for cigar j
stand; corner Market. California and Drumm
sts. MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market st.
$11— STORE, with counters -and shelving; 3
rooms. lOCS Natoma st., near Eleventh.
"offices TO let.
SUITE of office rms., fur.: west side; 143 Pow-
ell, below O'Farrell: occupied by doctor 8 yrs.
EXPERT OPTICIANS
GEO. MAYERLE, German Expert Optician;
charter member American Association of Op-
ticians. 1071H Market St., S. F. ; examina-
tion free; open evenings.
MEDICAL. .;,::
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour- !
aged should call on the doctor and state their ■
case before going elsewhere; they will find ,
In her a true friend; a home for patients, i
with every comfort, convenience of a hospi- j
tal and privacy of a home: consultation free I
and confidential; home treatment, $5. No in- |
struments used; satisfaction guaranteed or j
money refunded, by MRS. DR. GWYER, j
agent for Berlin Prescription Co.'s infallible ;
pills, 510 Eddy St., bet. Hyde and Larkin: of- j
flee hours, 10 to 12. 2 to 4 and 7to 8. Sundays, J
by appointment only.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home the
same day; no Instruments used: cure at office,
$5; home in confinement: skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH, 942 Post St., bet.
Hyde and Larkin: hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m.: Sunday, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
ALL ladies— C only Dr.' and Mrs. M. Da vies,
true friends of all invalids, men and women; ,
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated: no de-
lay; self-cure Bent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES, 122S Market St.;
pills, *1: very strong, $2.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
' cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office, $5; travelers helped in-
stantly: consultation free and confidential;
home for patients; comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Mar-net St.. Detween
Mason and Taylor; office hours. 9 to 5 and 7
to 8 p. m. Sundays, 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
IMPORTANT great progress in medical sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause; every woman her own physician, no
matter how long standing; travelers helped
at once, safe; call on a physician with men's
knowledge; cure, $5; restores in 1 day and
prevents disgrace: can be sent; consultation
free; ladles' physician, practice 37 years.
DR. POPPER. 31.3 Kearny st.
A — DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
femaie specialist, relieves monthly irreKiilan-
t:e9, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated sucessfully more cases of irregulari-
ties than any other physician: never falls to
cure: consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be ured at home; consultation
free: call or write. 1023V4 Market St.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium, 764-766. Clay st., ► San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used:
advice free: hours. 9:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 p- m.
Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best, safe, reliable; take
no other: send 4o stamps for particulars;
"Relief for Ladles": letter by return mall; at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co., Phila.
ALL female complaints cured In 24 hours; reli-
able, safe, sure; maternity home; no lnstru-
. ments; consultation free, confidential; home
treatment, $5. MRS. ALLEN, 225 Van Ness.
ALL married ladies know "Seguro," the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co., 406 Clay
tt. : $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Be-
guro Mfg. Co., .'3l X St., Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
A— DR. and MRS. SILVA. 2ir.Vi Mason St.—
Private home in confinement; ladies' friend
In trouble: terms reaß.; call and be convinced.
REMOVAL of Mrs. Dr. Schwartz to cor. 43d
and Linden, Oakland; home In confinement;
children adopted out. Take Grove-st car.
PRIVATE home during confinement; best of
attendance. Address box .'27, 'all office.
MRS. PR. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate aye.;
private home In confinement.
DR. and Mrs. Wise, 1118 Market St.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back ;$5 up.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dls-
eases of the human. body, 115 Mason at. - •
DENTISTS. ■
D^~T7^T~HIGGiNB' DentarPariorsT^"
Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; Inferior
work done on the teeth Is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold fillings from $1; plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
' without pain. Best materials used only.
A NEW patent— See our new flesh-colored
• plates; cannot be detected from the natural
teeth and gum; thin and strong: much su-
perior to Tubber; crown and bridge work;
teeth without plates our specialty; flexible
plates from $5; crowns, $3 60; fillings 50c; all
work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENIAL PARLORS. 24 Sixth St.
A DISCOUNT of 20 per cent on all plates and
brldgework until August 1 to Introduce our
new flesh-colored plates; thinner and stronger
than rubber: warranted for 20 years; crown
and bridgework teeth without a plate; fill-
ings, 50c: crowns. $3 50: plates, full set, $5;
all work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar- j
ket gt.. cor. 4th, rtn. 7. Flood bldg., you can !
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 60 up: plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday, 9 to 2
p. m. .Q. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Tllanager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 first
. prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth, $4; fillings, 25c up; gold
crowns, $3; gold bridges, $5 up; painless ex-
traction guaranteed; plates repaired. NEW
YORK DENTISTS. 969 Mission at., cor. 6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
• ity; guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market st.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Filling, 50c up; crowns,
$3 up; open ev'gs. 850 MarKet st. •
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk St.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
MAGUIRE & GALLAGHER— G. Ma- !
quire (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla- i
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law offices to the Parrott build I
Ing. 825-856 Market St.; tel. South 215.
ADVICE free; R. W. King, attorney at law, '
sixth floor, Chronicle building; no advance j
charges: estates, mortgages, damages, attach- |
ments, bankruptcy, all cases; wills, contracts, :
etc.. drawn; moderate fees; call or write.
NO charge unless successful; advice free; of- j
flee open evenings from 8 to •9. HUGH C.
GRANT, room 604, Emma Spreckels building.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private; !
no fee without success; collections. G. W. '
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn. :
MRS. CLARA FOLTZ, attorney at law; pro- j
bate and r*Jardlanshlp; Bth floor Crocker bldg. \
L. S. CLARKE— Emma Spreckels building, 927 i
Market; consultation free; no fees in advance. 1
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st. j
PHYSICIANS.
DpT~C~~C~O' DON NELL, office and residence.
1021% Market st., bet. »th and 7tn.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
SOL GET_ ft BROTHER.
ROOM A. CROCK BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
ONLY $150-$l5O EACH.
OCEAN BOULEVARD LOT* SECURE ONE
QUICK.
BEAUTIFUL SUNSET HEIGHTS LOTS.
$400 and upward— lots, near the only
Golden Gate Park. They have no equal. $25
down and $10 monthly.
Branch office Ninth aye. and H st. Open
Sundays.
RICHMOND LOTS AT GREAT BARGAINS.
$750 to $950 each— A few choice cottages with
wells, near Mlsslon-st. electric car line; on In-
stallments.
$100— Ocean View lots; easy terms.
SOL GET- & BROTHER,
Room A, Crocker Building.
ONLY $545— A sacrifice; the cheapest lot in
Richmond; lot 25x120.
/ Ninth aye., near Point Lobos aye.; graded;
street graded, macadamized and sewered; a
fine purchase; cash or in installments; $50
first payment.
... W. J. GUNN, 410 Montgomery et. .
THE choicest lots in Richmond very cheap:
east side Tenth aye., corner Clement st. ; 2"ix
105 feet each; elevated and sitely; fine ma-
rine views; Just the location for a home;
graded, street macadamized and sewered;
electric cars pass every few minutes; only $700
each; easy payments; if you have any Idea of
getting a home t* sure and look at these lota;
sun morning and afternoon.
W. J. GUNN, 410 Montgomery st.
POST, 762, near Leavenworth— Elegant dwell-
ing, 12 rooms. A. M. SPECK & CO., 667
Market fit. - __
100 ACRES— Choice lands of the H. Schwerin
home farm. 5 miles from City Hall, In Visi-
tation Valley.
Sheltered on three sides by the valley in-
closure; deep black loam; abundant pure
water; natural drainage.
Bountiful acreage homes; 10 acres; at less
than a choice city lot.
THE 100 ACRES, $65,000.
By order of partitloners. THOMAS MO-
RAN, Agent, 534% California st.
$7850— CHOICEST corner of all: marine and
Park view cannot be obstructed; 10 large
sunny rooms; conservatory; most expensive-
ly decorated; hot air furnace: all possible
conveniences. Apply to ALBERT WILFORD
on premises, cor. Fulton and Shrader sts..
from 11 to 3. McAllister or Hayes-st. car.
IP your property Is mortgaged anil you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market St.
! WANTED—
Cheap lots near car lines anywhere In San
Francisco. J. J. EVANS. Real Estate Agent,
I 630 Market st
! IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First avenue, and you wish to sell
them, cull on W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery.
! $325— LARGE lot, 44:6x103:6; level, fenced: 1
block from 2 car lines: positive bargain; no
humbug. Owner, 21 Powell, rooms 1 and 2.
I li your property Is mortgaged and you need
moro mr.nev «cc TT. MI'DPHT, (ISO Mnrket st.
MONEY TO LOAN.
i LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1022 Mission St.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14. ,
ANY amount at fi>£ per cent on real estate. 3d
and "d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate: mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
i lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. ».
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
| elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, K4G Market st. : telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
LOANS made to salaried people; -real and
chattel mortgages a specialty: any security.
! THE REYNOLDS CO.. 59 Third st.
[ REAL estate. -6 per cent: 2d mortg., chattels,
undiv'd lnt'ts. etc. Harper & Kreiirer. 312
Examiner building.
$50 TO $510,000: lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs. :
any proposition. DRYDEN, 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without indorser. TOUSLEY. 592 Parrott bldg.
AT Nevada Loan Office, 214 Grant aye.— Money
loaned on diamonds. jewelry and clothing.
STRAIGHT tip; go where, you can save inter-
est % Cut Rate Loan Office. 22 Mason St.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market.
i A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
1 1* pages In wrapper, for mailing. *1 per year.
I — —^-^— «—————— —-—»^———
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
■
| AS we are selling good . upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
Fame as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
1 ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 28 and SO O'Farrell it,; pianos, organs and
all ether musical instruments of all gradvs
and prices y. terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.. ~
i $2 50 PER mo. rents elegant cabinet grand up-
right; or sell cheap. 342 Kearny st.
'. A NEW Chlckering and 3 Stein ways. Keeffe"s.
1019 Van Ness aye., nr. Geary; tel. Larkln 706.
| OUR specialty is renting new pianos, $2 50 per
mo. Scott-Curtaz Piano Co., 560 Hayes st.
R. A. DANIELS Is now with BYRON
MAUZY. 308 to 312 Post st.
A— UPRIGHTS. $6» up; installments, $5 75 up;
rents, $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine, 136 Ellis.
I BARGAINS— Another big lot pianos put on
sale cheap. Wilson's Storage Rooms, 1710 Mkt.
j A— sBs; UPRIGHT piano In fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Post »t. ,
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ, 16
McAllister St., next Hlbernla Bank. -
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
PROPOSALS.
I PROPOSALS FOR FURNISHING SUFP__3S
Notice is hereby given that the Board of DI-
! rectors of the Industrial Home for Mechanical
I Trades for the Adult Blind of the State of
California, will receive and open proposals
and let contracts for supplying the home for
three months, commencing July 1, ISM, and
ending September 30, 1599, with the following
I articles:
1. Beef and mutton. 2. Groceries and pro-
| visions. 3. Butter. 4. Coal. 6. Flour and
■ mlllstuffs. 6. Coffee, tea and chicory.
Bids will be opened Friday, June 30, 1899, at
7:30 p. m., at the home, corner Thirty-sixth
and Telegraph avenue. Oakland, Cal.
Blank forms with schedules of supplies re-
quired, with conditions, etc., can be had upon
application to the superintendent, Jos. Sand-
ers, at the home.
The board reserves the right to reject any
and all bids. '. .
Preference will be given to goods manu-
factured In California, prices and quality
considered.
All bidders for furnishing supplies are In-
vited to be present at the opening of the bidß.
By order of the Board of Directors. . ■ ',
f»EO. 8. MEREDITH. Secretary.
BIDS wanted— Notice Is hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' ■ Home of Cali-
fornia, at its office, room 13, 320 Sansome st.
San Francisco, Cal., up to 10 o'clock a. m.,
SATURDAY, June 24, 1899, and opened Im-
mediately thereafter In the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans* Home, Napa County, Cal. (railroad sta-
tion Yountville), for six months commencing
July 1. 1899, and ending December 31, 1899.
Schedules with Information and Instructions
for submitting bids will be • furnished upon
! application by the undersigned. Bidders will
i carefully follow the conditions of the sched-
! ules, and no bid will be considered unless it
Is in accordance with such schedules. Each
bidder must accompany his bid with a certi-
fied check upon some well-known and re-
sponsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent cf the amount of his bid, payable to J.
„C. Currier, treasurer, conditioned that the
bidder will enter Into a good and valid con-
tract upon notice of accept/ince as required
by law. The board reserves the right ■to
reject nny or all bids" and to order any quan-
tity over or under the amount specified.
Address J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cantor
nla, room 13. 320 Sansome st. San Francisco,
Cal By order of the Board of Directors.
J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary.
OFFICE C. Q. M.. Vancouver Barracks. Wash.,
June 6, — Sealed proposals. In triplicate,
will be received here until 11 a. m.. June 20.
1899' and then opened for furnishing steam-
boat service between Astoria, Oregon, Fort
Stevens, Oregon, and Fort Canby. Wash., for
fiscal year commencing July 1, 1899. Informa-
tion furnished here. United States reserves
right to reject or accept any or all proposals
or any part thereof. Envelopes containing
proposals should be marked: "Proposals for
steamer transportation." and addressed to
undersigned. J. W. JACOBS, C. Q. M.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
PAYS OVER 10 PER CENT.
$9250— Very cheap; large corner, 37:6x80, on
Page st., Park Panhandle district; 4 fine mod-
ern flats of 5 and 6 rooms, etc.; rent |S9.
$4750— Rent $43; Folsom St., east of Ninth;
lot 25x90; store and flat above.
— Three handsome new flats, close to the
Park; up to date in every respect; marble
steps, etc.; sun in every- room best bargain
In the market. . . ; 7
$5250— Washington St., near Powell; 2-story
brick building, containing 10 rooms and base-
ment; large corner lot, 40x77:6; building covers
only portion of lot.
18500- Rent $72; Mason st., near Clay; 3-story
house. 10 rooms and bath; also double cottage
of 6 rooms each; lot 40x60.-
- .' A DOWNTOWN CORNER.
$15,150— Corner investment; close to. Ellis and
Hyde sts : store and flats; large lot; pays well.
FRONTING GOLDEN GATE PARK.
$6250— Modern residence, Oak St., near Ash-
bury; contains 9 rooms, bath, etc.; lot 25x137:6;
can be bought on desirable terms.
$2000— St., near 19th; 25x100, with good
cottage of 5 rooms, bath, etc.; rent $16; is a
good investment or home.
$6000— Sutter St., near Devisadero; lot 34:4' 2 x
137:6. with a 2-story residence containing 9
rooms and bath, etc.; also stable.
$85 per trout foot; lots any size; Guerrero St.,
bet. Twentieth and Twenty-first; In the heart
of the Mission warm belt.
$4000— A good business corner; Bryant and
Harriet sts., near Sixth; 25x75.
BI'SIN. AND RESIDENCE LOTS.
$SOO to $1000— Lots on Eighteenth. Nineteenth,
Texas and Mississippi sts.; all ready for bull i-
ing; street work done; terms $60 cash, balance
$50 monthly; car line on Eighteenth St.; close
to the Union Iron Works, sugar refinery, etc.
$1200— Great bargain; Harrison St., nr. Twen-
ty-fourth; lot 26x100, with cottage of 3 rooms.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery street.
$10,000— Large corner on Pine St.; lot 57:6 x
52:6, with good improvements; rented for $100;
an offer wanted; bargain.
$2800— Pacific St.. near Hyde; store and flat
above; also rear house; lot 26x75.
$3500— 51000 cash, balance monthly; 2-story
house of 8 rooms and bath and basement; large
lot, 25x115. with 2 frontages; rents $27; Dor-
land st., near Guerrero.
• A Bargain— sll,ooo; Leavenworth St., near
Cay; 40:6x137:6; improvements In good condi-
tion; rent $90; always rented.
PAYS OVER 7 PER CENT. /
$13,850— substantial Investment, close to
Geary and Larkin «ts. ; 3 bay-window houses;
I always rented; lot 50 feet front. •
$24no— Pays $27; good investment: close to
Third and Bryant sts.; 2 houses, both rented.
$2ioo— Clement St.. near Fifth aye.; modem
bay-window cottage, 4 rooms and bath; lot
25x100; stable In the rear.
$7000— Folsom st., near Sixth; lot 57:6x90; 2
houses of 7 rooms each; rent $50.
$2800 — Nineteenth St., near Noe; lot 25x114;
rent $26; 2 flats of 4 and 5 rooms each.
$0500— Mason St., near Jackson; 2-story brick
residence of 12 rooms; also flat of 5 rooms in
rear; extra large lot, 35x137:6.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery street.
CHEAP ""Afiffiv™- mo*™,..
Choice Park lots, all ready for the home-
builder, south of and not far from Golden Gate
Park
Go to our branch office to-day, corner of H
street and Ninth avenue, and our agent will
give you price HsU.^etc^ & H owF.LL.
10 Montgomery street.
BARGAIN: house and lot on San Bruno
road car line; must be sold this week _ J. J.
EVANS, real estate and loans. 630 Market st.
FORECLOSURE— I 9 lots in block 882. south of
Park to highest bidder. J. J. EVANS.
Money Leaner, 630 Market St.
GOOD paying business property for sale; part
cash, part exchange. Owner, box 16.6. Can.
IF your property is rr.rt«ra«r?d and you need
more money »oe H. MTTp.PHT, «*n Market »t.
COUNTRY RUAL ESTATE.
NEW rich land near city; small arid targe
tracts; 3150 acres sold to 120 families; 7000
acres left. For particulars of immense crops
raised In dry season of 1897-98 aOdress THE
COTATI CO., 302 California st.. S. F.
IMPROVED ranch, 400 acres, proposition sur-
prising; TV4 acres In Napa City. 6-room cot-
tage, barn, 160 trees, garden land; In whr.ie
or part. Owner. 1532 Polk st.
FOR rent— 6 rooms, part of house, furnished
for housekeeping:; suburbs San Jose. $10
monthly. Apply 2432 Jackson St., afternoons.
FRUIT, El-air and stork farms.
W. P. HOLCOM & CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL, ESTATE.
A— s2s CASH, $5 60 monthly till paid for will
build to order a 3-room cottage, high base-
ment: lot 50x256 feet: price all told, $425; more
land can be had; Westall Tract, in tropical
Fruirnile. adjoining East Oakland; rich soil
and |H'B» vie.w; no fogs nor cold winds here;
electric cars, and a 90- foot wide boulevard
near, and not far from a fine 3-story school-
house: there are a number of San Francisco
merchants located In this section. Call or
send for circular, 453 Seventh St., Oakland;
carriage free.
Westall Tract, lots $39 upward; terms to suit.
Allendale Tract, lots $75 upw'd; terms to suit.
Gallndo Tract, lots $90 upward; terms to suit.
H. Z. JONES, Owner.
GRAND offer in exchange; 5 large lots, two of
them fine business lots; clear; will give any-
one a good exchange for clear house and lot
worth about $4500. E. E. BUNCE, 90S Broad-
way, Oakland.
FOR sale or rent— Beautiful suburban corner
cottage, with large grounds and fruit trees
In bearing: modern improvements; furnace
heating; hand frescoed; southeast exposure.
Inquire this week, corner Eighth aye. and
Twenty-second St., East Oakland: cars pass
door, 12 minutes from Eighth and Broadway.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin^ Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladles In delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth.
" BERKELEY REAL. ESTATE.
I MUST sell at once; If you want a home in
Berkeley you'll buy If you Investigate this:
cheap at $2500: I'll take $1900 this week; near
university and Berryman station: location
fine- large 6-room cottage, basement, large
attic. Box Wo ''all office, Oakland.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
John B. Fenton and Flora Weiner 26-24
John W. Douglas and Ella L. Laurtent 31-18
Miles S. Collins and Myrtle U. Mullins. 32-2",
Hubert C. Wyckoff and Ana be I McDonnell. 26-24
William Dewitt and Katherine 1. 8e1t0n. .40-26
Ira W Coburn and Augusta W. Schroder. l9-23
David Murphy and Annie Clancey 40-40
Tames W. Tread well and Edith L. Day 26-21
Samuel Johnston and Mary E. 8e11........ 26-25
Thomas Fitzpatrick and Mamie Hayes 24-23
Michael Loftus and Sarah G. Wrin..: 54-33
Harry T. Haviside and Kate Ring 21-20
Gastone Rurgionl and Ida Meneslnl 27-22
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
• . BORN.
JUZIX— In this city. June 12, 1599. to the wife
Of Henri Juzlx. a son.
LOWRY— In this city. June 7. 1899. to the
wife of Alfred S. Lowry, a daughter.
OPPENHEIM— In Santa Rosa, June 13, 1899, to
the wife of S. Oppenheim, a son.
TALBOT— In this city, June 11, 1899, to the
wife of *vV\ F. Talhot. a daughter.
MARRIED.
HERING— SCHAEFER— In this city, June 10,
1599. by the Rev. J. G. Mangold, Gambeta
Herlng and Catharlna Schaefer.
STAMMEN— VAUPEL— In this city, June 12, j
1899, by the Rev. Hermann Gehrcko, John
Stammen and Pauline Martha Vaupel, both
of this city. , :/";"•_-■
DIED.
Aurrecoechea. Jose Hermann. Mary A.
Biver, Louise S. Horn, Franz
Burke, John Keast, Alfred H.
Carroll, Bridget Lennon, Mary B.
Church. Julia A. Little, Robert
Danglada, Ignaclo t Matulick. George J.
Dryer. Charles F. Meyers. Peter ;;.
Dunn, Cornelius Mohrman, Kate E.
Flood. Rev. James Nutting, Joseph E.
Frey, Mattie Rae, Robert A.
Haderle. John Ryan, Mamie E.
Harney, Dorothea Ryan, Theodore V.
Hermann, Lena Siemer, Gesine
AURRECOECHEA— In this city, June 13, 1899,
Jose Aurrecoechea, beloved misband of Mar-
■ cellna Aurrecoechea and father of Louis and
Jose Aurrecoechea and brother of Angel
Aurrecoechea and son-in-law of Mrs. Carmen
Leaseta and brother-in-law of Miss Carmen-
clta Leaseta, a native of Spain.
CTFrltnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 832 Jackson : street, thence to Nuestra
Senora de Guadnlupe Spanish Church, Broad-
way, corner of Mason street, where a high
requiem mass will be said for the repose of
his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery. Pleace omit
flowers. -V
BIVER— In this city, June 12, ISM. Louise Su-
sanna, beloved child of August Biver. and
twin sister of Annie Lftzie Biver. a native of
San Francisco, aged 6 years 11 months and 18
days.
[T?"Remains at the parlors of Charles J. B.
Metzler. 636 Washington street.
BURKE— In this city. June 13. 1599, John
Burke, a native of County Tlpperary, Ire-
land, aged 34 years.
(CFriends and acquaintances and members
of the Pacific Coast Marine Firemen's Union
are respectfully invited to attend the funeral
this day (Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the
funeral parlors of McGinn Brothers. 31 Eddy
street, thence to St. Rose's Church. Brannan
street, between Fourth and Fifth, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CARROLL— In this city, June 14. 1899, Bridget,
wife of the late Patrick Carroll and mother
of the late William Carroll, a native of the
Parish of Leitrim, County Galway, Ireland,
aged 70 years.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
CHURCH— In Lorin, June 14, 1899. at the resi-
dence of her daughter, Mrs. Clara C. Simp-
son, Julia A. Church, a native of Eastport,
Me., aged SO years 4 months and 28 days.
ETFrlendu and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from the residenc or
Mrs. Clara C. Simpson, corner Prince ana
Bills streets, Lorin. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery.
DANGLADA— A requiem mass will be cele-
brated in the Spanish Church this day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, for the soul of Igna-
cio Danglada.
DRYER— In this city, June 14. 1899, Charles
Frederick, beloved husband of the late Annie
Marie Dryer and father of Charles and John
Dryer, a native of Germany, aged 64 years
8 months and 22 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1315 Stockton street. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
DUNN— In this city, June 12, 1899, Cornelius,
beloved son of Mary and the late Cornelius
Dunn and brother of the late John J. Dunn.
a native of San Francisco, aged 42 years.
IT?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Brothers, 31 Eddy street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where serv-
ices will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
FLOOD— In this city, June 13, 1899, Rev. James
Flood, pastor of f.acred Heart Church, a na-
tive, of Ireland, aged 48 years.
|Ts"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from Sacred Heart
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. '_ 
IGNACIAN Council No. 35, T. M. I.— Mem-
bers are required to assemble to-morrow
(Friday) at 11 o'clock, at Sacred Heart Hall
to attend the funeral of our late brother,
Rev. Jame? Flood. B. FENN. President.
• 'H^RLES B. FENN, President,
CHARLES L. EBNER. Secretary.
FREY— In this city, June 13, 1599, Mattle Frey,
a native of California, aged 34 years.
HADERLE— In this city, June 13. 1899, John,
beloved husband. of Ellen Haderle and father
" of James, Conlin, Joseph, Nellie, Kathryn,
John and Isabel Haderle, • a native of Ger-
many, aged 64 years and « months. A mem-
ber of Nevada Lodge No. 1, K. of P.. and
Acacia Lodge No. 92. F. and A. M. (v lrginia
City, Nev., papers please copy.)
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 313 Gough street. Interment private.
HARNEY— In this city. June 13, 1899, Doro-
• thea beloved wife of William F. Harney and
sister of Mrs. Wedemeyer, a native of Ger-
many, aged 35 years. take place this day
UTTThe funeral will take place thiF day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
J C O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street.
Interment private at I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
Please omit . flowers.
HERMANN— In this city, June 14. 1899, Lena,
eldest and dearly beloved daughter of John
and' Henrietta Hermann and sister of Mrs.
Louisa Simon and John Meyer, a native of
Germany, aged 27 years 5 months and .0
HERMANN— In this city. June 14. 1899, Mary
A wife of the late Lucien Hermann and
mother Of Mrs. William Burling, a native of
New Orleans.
C - " Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Friday), at 9:30
o'clock, from St. Dominic's Church, cor-
ner of' Bush and Steiner streets, where a
requiem mass will be held for the repose of
her soul. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
HORN— this city, June 13. 1899, Franz
Horn a native of Austria, aged 50 years.
KEAST— Stent. Cal., June 10, 1899, Alfred
H beloved husband of Carrie Keast and
father of Alfred H., William J., Mary Ann
and Thomas Keast and John Gray, a native
of England, aged 32 years.
LENNON— In Grass Valley, June 12, 1899. Sister
Mary Berchmans Lennon, daughter of John
and the late Ellen Lennon and sister of
Mary and Tessle Lennon, a native of Brook-
" C?" Interment this (Thursday) morning at
Grass Valley.
LITTLE— In this city, June 14. 1899, Robert,
beloved husband of Isabella Little and father
of Robert, George, William, David, Martha.
Mary and Bella Little, a native of England,
aged 65 years. (Boston, Mass., papers please
copy.)
I 'Notice of interment later.
MATULICK— In this city, June 12. 1899, George
J Matulick, a native of Postire, Brazza,
Dalmazia. Austria, aged 27 years 10 months
and 4 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the hall
of the 'Slavonic Illyric Mutual Benevolent
Society 120 O'Farrell street, thence to San
Bonifacio Church. Golden Gate avenue, near
Leavenworth street, for services. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
STROSMAYER Council No. 460, Y. M. —
Funeral Notice: You are hereby notified to
attend the funeral of Brother George J.
Matulick. late member of Borromean Coun-
i cil No 129 Y. M. I. Fines for non-attendance
will be strictly inforced. By order of
MATT T. CRESALIA. President,
ANTON PILCOVICH, Secretary.
V M I.— The members of Borromean Council
No ' 129 are hereby notified to attend the
funeral of our late brother, George J. Matu-
ll.k from Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell
street at 1:30 o'clock this day (Thursday),
streei. ai JOHN J. DOYLE, President.
HARRY MCCARTHY, Recording Secretary.
MEYERS-In this city. June 14. 1899 Peter,
beloved son of Charles and Mamie Meyers
and brother of. Nettie and Annie Meyers
and grandson of Peter and Margaret Mc-
Mahon, a native of San Francisco, aged 2
years 7 months and 10 days.
MOHRMAN-In this city, June 13. 1899, Kate
F. wife of the late Frederick Mohrman and
mother of Mrs. H. E. Coffey and the late
Mrs. J. E. O'Donnell, a native of County
Limerick, Ireland.
rrrThe funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 418 Oak street, thence to Sacre4
Heart Church, Filtmore and Fell street*,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery- city, June 13. 1599. Joseph
1 NrTT i N -G— ln this city. June 13. 18W, Joseph
Edward Nutting, a native of Pepperll. Mass..
aged 82 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Thursday), at 10 o'clock, at Pio-
neer Hall.
RAE— In this city, June 14, 1839, Robert A.
Rae, beloved brother of Mrs. M. Paterson, a
native of Scotland, aged 51 years 2 months
and 16 days.
(FTFuneral and interment private.
RYAN- In this city, June 13, 1899. Mamie E.
Ryan, dearly beloved daughter of Elizabeth
and the late William Ryan and beloved sis-
ter of Mrs. L. Kara. Mrs. Henry Mac Donald
and J. W. Ryan, a native of San Francisco,
aged 26 years and 10 months.
(C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
ullv invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Gantner & Gunti Undertaking Com-
pany, 8 and 10 City Hall Square, thence to
St. Joseph's Church, corner Tenth and How-
ard streets, where a solemn high mass will
' be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Croas
Cemetery.
RYAN— In this city. June 14. ISS9. Theodore
V beloved son of the late Daniel and Mary
Ryan, a native of San Francisco, aged 27
years and 5 months.
(pr Friends' and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. B. McAvoy. 1235 Market street, be-
tween Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church. Tenth street, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SIEMER— In South San Francisco. June 14,
1899, Gesine Siemer, dearly beloved wife of
Fred Siemer and devoted mother of Mrs. J.
Peterson, Mrs. E. Mathers, Mrs. F. Donnel-
ly and Fred, Henry, August and Charles
Siemer. a native' of Germany, aged 54 years 2
months and 14 days.
ST. DOMINIC'S Church Building Association—
The regular monthly requiem high mass for
the deceased members of the above associa-
tion, and for the deceased parents and rela-
tives of the members, will .be celebrated in
St. Dominic's Church. Bush and Steiner
streets, this day (Thursday), at 9 o'clock.
Friends are Invited to attend.
hENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
<Eoeccuora to Flanacms v Gall&charh
FUNERAL DIRECTORS MHO EM.r.AI.MBB»
» Fifth »U. oppo«K« JJncolß SekMfc .
l*U*ikoo» Bout* U. ■ -
1112
BURNS USES THE LASH
ON THE HEALTH OFFICE
The Physicians Rebel at the
Mexican's Medicine.
Plot to Seat Leon Dennsry After O.her Favorites Are
-Threat to Reduce Appropriations.
Dr. Keeney's Bitter Pill.
THERE !b perhaps in the State no
■ unhappy political family
than the newly elected Board of
alth. The members are di
vided against each other; they
ire wincing under the lash of Burns;
hey are menaced by the dangerous
hrf-ats of the enemies of the Mexican,
id they art- oppressed by demands
igainst which their decency and self
espect have ris^n in rebellion. The
• uy to the board is still
:' war. although around it
i ihtiv minor issues and contro-
Dan 'iurns insists that Leon
shall ie elected secretary. This
I 's nothing more nor less ihan
in insult to the members of the new
loard. While they have agreed to sub
nit to the Intolerant domination of
'.urns they naturally ask the privilege
if retaining their decency.
Their friends have united with them
st against the outrage of se
?cting such a man as Derm try as s ■• -
etary. Dr. Barbat owes his election
to Burns, as he is the family
hysician of the Mexican. Dr. Barbat
1 ' T'-iWirally obey the instructions of
urns, but his friends plead that he
hould not be submitted to the indig
associating th<> name of Den
h his own. Dr. Payne admits
hat h» is Indebted to Major Frank
lULaughlin for his position, but the
of Dr. Payne insist that he
hould not b" forced to vote for a man
i hos>' reputation is such that even Mc-
AUghlin would not dan- discuss it
monsr decent men.
L'r. Keeney Is a member of the new
toard by virtue of his relationship to
Villiam Alvord, and the well wishers
if 1 >r. Keeney insist that he has the
from his official house
lold a man whose name would be a
profanation in his home. It was by the
d of William F. Herrln that Dr.
Njffey U-came a member of the Board
if Health, but notwithstanding this
act the young physician still retains
tion worth losing. His friends
ieclare that he Bhould not be
n the service of a political highway
nan, to jeopardize his future by llnk
nt with a man whose char
icter is such as to shock even the l"af
■ ndei loin. But 1 >r. • !offey
mmer," and it is accepted
delusion that he will
">•
But i ■ d pleadings have be*>n
■ irpose. Dan Burns demands
r'riend. asso
mfidant, Leon Dennery. For
■ cry's candidacy will
ther valuable patronage
sorted • lever subter-
RThlle h~ wishes to provide for
>enner: mo i^arasite
111 It upon the
■ake care of other
favorite, for
ted to succeed
Su • ' ■:• f the Alms
louse. Some favoi I I
• '1 County Hospital .-,
fCeithei pli •- can be
. . members of the board
umbents. Tnder
■ ment it requires fnur
•he health officer, bu
• lent of the Almshouse and rps
.n the city and County
tal.
: ard of Health
> clearly to Burns thet he
be a vote or two shy on
He does not wish
■ I" antagonize the members to
sistance
■
ted before
taryship is
\:\i v the superintendent oi
REUNION OF FORMER
TUOLUMNE RESIDENTS
ASSOCIATION WILL MEET AT
SONORA ON SATURDAY.
Arrangements Perfected for a. Gr?nd
Celebration of the Thirty-First
Anniversary of the Or
sranizßtion.
j no rommiuce oi arrangements or the
Tuolumne Reunion elation held a
meeting las.t night and perfected the final
plans for its grand ration at Sonora
on Saturday, June 17. The association
has been giving these reunions ever since
1868, when the anniversary, which falls
on the .same date as that of Bunker Hill,
Wfis celebrated in Oakland.
Chairman L. L* Nelson announced that
fifty Tuolumnites ad left this city yes
terday afternoon for Sonora. One hun
dred will leave this morning and over 300
are going to-morrow evening, _ accom
panied by a military band. A committee
will rome down to Stockton to meet them
and on arriving at Sonora the citizens of
Tuolumne will give the visitors a rousing
reception. A chorus of 100 young ladies,
Knyly attired in white dresses, will sing
a welcome song especially composed for
the occasion.
The programme for the day in Sonora
includes a grand barbecue at Marengo
Park. Then? will be literary and musical
exercises, Bides open-air concerts and
dancing day and night. The music will
be furnished by the Soulßbyvllle and
Sonora bands. a parade composed of the
civic societies, the school children and
members of the association will form at
the old opera hall at 9 o'clock in the
morning and march to the park.
The county Supervisors have contrib
uted a substantial sum to insure the suc
cess of the celebration.
The transportation committee, consist-
Ing or" United States Marshal Shine, L. L.
Nelson and Mrs. C. P. Ford, has made ar
rangements with the railroad for reduced
rates from specified points, the round
trip fare to Honors having been placed
at $7, with return limit until June 30, 1899.
It is calculated that there will be over
2000 visitors to Sonora and it will be a
gala day in the history of the county.
One of the surest cures for ulcers and
old sores, burns, etc., is Dr. Sarfifield's
chronic ulcer salve. For sale by all drug
gist*. Three sizes— sl, 50c and 25c. •
Sfeeterday's Bankrupt
S. B. Burt and S. J. Locher, creditors of
Ed Woolbridge of Auburn, Placer County,
filed a petition In the United States Dls
the Almshousp and the resident phy- |
slcian of the City and County Hospital j
have been elected then the secretary j
will he chosen and there Is everything :
to suggest that he will be Leon Den- j
nery, the type and representative of \
the unspeakable phases <>f the tender- j
loin.
In order to delude the members of ;
the Hoard of Health and the public a j
coin promise candidate for secretary to I
the board han been placed In the field, j
Up Is E. B. Carroll of Sacramento. Mr.
Carroll has the distinction of being a
relative of George Crocker. As one of'
x the obligations of that relationship he
is being made the foil of Leon Dennery ',
to advanVe the political interests of
Dan Burns.
While Burns has been struggling
with his refractory creatures on the
board he has b»en menaced from an
other source. The city department of
health as now administered includes j
over 150 employes more than those pro
vided by State statute. The Board of |
Supervisors is compelled to provide j
only for the statutory officers and may j
restrict its appropriation to a provision
£or these officers. This would mean
that the present board would receive
an appropriation of approximately
$26.f>00 instead of $70,000 if the Board of
Supervisors <ared to exercise its power
of restriction. The bulk of patronage
possessed by the Board of Health
would thus be destroyed and Burns
would be forced to a new shift to pro
vide for his followers.
Thi'Sf that have Influence with the
Supervisors and object to the demand
of Burns that he shall make the city
pay his political debts threaten to cut
the appropriation for the Board of
Healt-h to the statutory limit. In re- j
ply Burns threatens to command his
Board of Health to o!os« its department
and leavp the city without its hospitals
and manifold system of health. If such j
a threat were carried imo execution an !
untold evil would be inflicted upon the [
city. The threat of the M>-\i<an shows j
to what desperate limit he will go to j
win his point in his political game.
More than this. Burns has threatened
to remove any member of the Board of .
Health that does noi obey his orders.
Governor Gage is the abject tool of the
Mexican and will not hesitate to re- i
move any member of ihr board who
proves refractory. The scandal of such
an action is disagreeable, however, and
will be avoided if possible. But, how
ever, the trick is to be turned; Burns
demands the patronage. He has shown,
however, that in extrem* Instances h>
can be condescending Shortls after
the Board of Health was appointed Dr.
Keenej went to Burne and asked his
permissioi to appoint K. M. Jone
clerk to the Health ( >fflcer.
The position of clerk « > the Health Of
ficer is one that entails upon its pos
sessor no more serious duty than the
exertion of sufficient energy to keep
alive. K. M. Jones is a' brother-in-law
of Dr. K< •• ney, and was recently dis
missed from the Health Department
for Intemperai cc. This fact may have
induced Burns to be lenient, and he per
mitted Dr. Keeney to appoint the new
( If rk. But with the permission came
a condition.- Burns handed Dr. Keeney
a list of names. "That i? the pio
gramme," said the Mexican. "Elect ;
those nipn at your first meeting."
Dr. Keeney took the list. The names
were: Leon Dennery. secretary; Dr. j
W. M. Lawior, Hoalth Officer; Peter I
Devany, assistant secretary- Two if
these men were elected to their respec
tive positions at the first mating of the
board. Dr. K (> eney is an expert on pills
and pallets, but the dose was hard to
take, lie knew, however, that it was
only the first of a s«=rie<=.
trict ''curt yesterday to have Woolbr
declared an Insolvent. They alleged that
he committed an act of bankruptcy by
transferring his interest in .several gold
niir.es ard his real estate to J. K. Walsh
without a valid consideration.
Henry Jund, butcher, of Temescal, Aia
m.-da County, filed a petition in Insolv
ency, estimpiing his liabilities at $305S 2*.
His" available assets are about 1930.
SUPERVISORS MANDAMUSED.
Suit Filed to Compel the Auditing of j
Jurors' Demands.
A petition was filed yesterday by Attor- I
ney Louis P. Bondman for a writ of man- I
date to bo directed against the Board of j
Supervisors, compelling them to audit the j
demands of the various jurors who have j
been sitting- in the criminal departments j
of the Superior Court lor the past several j
months. Under a recent decision of the '
Supreme Court defining the status of civil ]
jurors and holding that they could not j
collect fees for sitting in civil cases the
Supervisors found excuse to refuse to i
audit the demands of the criminal jurors. j
In consequence they organized, employed i
Louis P. Boardman to represent them, j
and suit has now been filed.
Many of the jurors nave been in forced
attendance for many weeks and in con
sequence have been deprived of moneys
they could have made In their vocations. I
Heretofore they have been paid $2 a day, j
and the refusal of the Supervisors to j
allow their demands is working a great }
hardship. Hence the suit will be pushed |
to a final adjudication. j
■"'.:•'■.-• — •-* !
The fflrroun old JESSK Moot-*: WHISKY 1»
recommended by physicians for family ana
medicinal u«e hecaus* It Is pur*.
-•«
Held for Burglary.
James O'Connor and Frank Smith were i
yesterday held to answer before the Su
perior Court by Judge Graham on the
charge of burglary in $2000 bonds each.
On Sunday afternoon. June 4, they broke,
the window in Lubeek's jewelry store, 4
Sixth street, and stole a lot of fob chains.
» • »
L*dles' tailor-made suits. Hjr capes, cloaks,
redit. 11. Hotbschllr 1 .. 324 Post st.
Gun Club Incorporates.
Article? of Incorporation of the oiym
pic Gun Club were filed yesterday. The i
director? are Horlow W. White, Merton
c. Allen. George Waiker. A. A. Borlin!
, Jr.. W. A. Marshall. Ken D. Owens. W. i
D. McArthur, J. H. Fritrh and H. E.
Rose.
. ♦ .
Justin McCarthy has a character
study of Pope Leo XIII in next Sun
j day's Call.
THJfi SAN FKAIV CISCO CAI^L, THURSDAY, JUNE 15, 1899.
Hales.
Hale's California stores- importers for retail, Buyln rfcw vo q arters!
San Francisco— Sacratntnto — San dose— Stockton— Los Angeles— Petaluma— Salinas.
The neWS Of the Dress goods supremacy— of study among the fashion-fixers of the world— has made our dress-goods buying corps a college of experts.
*2>*« Pnanricrn at-s\nf* '■ They've mingled with loom men— they've studied the history of the textile world— they've lived in Cali ornia— :h;y Ye studied th- wants of our
Odn rPdllLl^Cl) hIOPC. climate here— and they've brought us a leadership in dress-goods selling that only expert service and careful selection can accomplish.
Gloves, ribbons, veilings, etc. nnrtiaciir»c tt\r iU<\ L«ia Dress goods and silks.
Kindergarten Mats—Just the thing to educate the 1/UlllvOllvO IUI lllw 110 ill Scotch cheviot plaids— the new fabric for skirts • all
little folks; stamped and all ready to embroider.;- inter- . t . , * • : -. . the new colors are shown in fashionable and exclusive
esting designs ; embroidery material and mat complete . 1250 Sheets— Unbleached ; a fair quality muslin with a two-inch hem.- effect* ; the very latest New York craze, at. 51.25 yard
for 5c each- ! : . V New Covert Suitings— In fancy mixtures ; the correct
Tuxedo Net Veiling-750 yards in plain and dotted 54x90 inches 30c each fabric for a tailor costume ; pretty for the seaside or the
effects; tan, navy and brown, 18 by 27 inches wide ; how 81x90 .-inches .....40c each mountains ; 50 inches Wide...... $1.00 yard
is the chance to get a bargain in a veil ; they will De on A Bar/am in Fancy Su.ungs-A full suit length tor
the tables until they are sold at ..9c yard : Cotton Diaper, Cloth— Fine weave, medicated, sanitary ;10 yards to piece. * l -°° \ a b »5 assortment will be placed on sale this morn-
, , .v , ?—■ .-■--. .w . ■ *j. , i . . v ing; the kinds you have been paying ?2.00 and 52.25 a
Ladies' and Misses' Xii Gloves— A biz lot at a little 18-inch 50c piece suit tor ; more than icoo yards in the lot and many dif-
price, some soiled, some old styles and some good ones; \ 24-inch ; 65c piece ferent patterns; you can't help but find something to suit
a few sizes of every kind; 7-hook lambskin, 4-button | . you . your pjck a lull length suit for $1.00
lambskin, 8-button mousquetaire, 8-button suede, 8-button j 250 dozen Huck ■ Towels— Fringed, size 17x35 inches— colored borders, New Silks— A new lot of fancy stripes came in yester-
Biar.-itz, misses' Biarritz, gents' walking gloves, ladies' value 10c; at Hale's B'3 each I day by express ; some of the swellest effects of the sea-
gauntlets, 8-button chamois ; your pick from the lot until j - : % son . a good heavy silk that you will expect to pay $1.25
sold ->5c White Curtain Swiss— 36 inches wide, dots and figures, good quality; a yard for; they will be placed on the counters to-day
Ladies' Fabric Gauntlet Gloves— ln taffeta, lisle or on sale 10c yard at.. Tsc yard
cashmere; colors black,>brown and white ; 73 pairs re- j New Foulard Si'ks— Many new designs and shades
ceive their walking papers to-day at : 15c pair ' ~ " of heavy twilled trown ; very pretty for a summer suit
Ribbons 3 c-Sunday we advertised a clean-up lot of fi=T /Sf7 *W7 "S^^^M^^^^^^vd
rtc^'n'unusuaSfv •u'v M^nd^dSnS out' mantel C^>S M/ "9 - H f '^^f^^'^^
from the already' low price OJVSC to dose out the lot /m/ fjgjff &£%&& V **g*^**g£^gy silk . Jo^SWrt^and^Si tlf illfi fn"^^^^ t3^V^hf
quickly to-day ...sc j /£&?/ "^ very latest fabric for fancy embroiJered skirts; it comes
Catalogue free to the country. ! j££2—-& l - r ?<*L^ %&ffoifhlt% jfZATkAfllff}L*& in lengths of 5 yards; it is a heavy taffeia cloth, 36
Catalogue tl cc IO tne COUnil \ . * toOWß^g^ inches wide, and makes up in a very pretty flounced un-
A rapidly increasing mail-order iist — speed, care and m ™*a^*mamo*B^^^ m ''^ j derskirt; 10 designs in 40 shades to select from one of
careful attention have made this busy department busier qqc QO7 QQQ Q/l i Q/IQ Q/l c; O/IT Q/1Q Mn»lrft+ O-t- ' th; most popular novelties that we have ever introduced
and bigger. yao i 00/, »oy, »4fl, y^«O, y4«O, y4-/, y4«y marKel 01. { in our ining department 69c yard
HON. T. G .PHELPS LAID TO
REST BY SORROWING FRIENDS
ALT, that was mortal of Timothy
Guy Phelps, the distinguished
Californian, whose demise was
hastened by the carelessness .of
bicycle riders, .was borne to the grave
yesterday, surrounded by those who
loved and esteemed him. Ide cere
monies at the home of the deceased
in San Carlos and in the chapel in
peaceful and beautiful Cypress I. awn
Cemetery were of the greatest solem
nity.
The bier was placed in the front room
and was surrounded with a wealth of
blossoms, sent by thoughtful friends.
Dr. Pardee escorted the ( widow to a
seat near the remains and following
them came Mr. and Mrs. J. i->. Schroe
der, Mrs. J. M. Lord, Miss Eugenic
Hawes, Mr. and Mrs. Charles S. Bwa
sev Mr. and Mrs. Edwin McLean,
Mrs. C. E. Dwindle, Mr. and Mrs.
William Chipman, Mr. and Mrs. S. N.
Chipman, Miss Fannie and Miss
Alice Chipman, E. T. McLean, Mr.
and Mrs. Willis Witter and Dr. Wit
ter. ♦
Rev. Dr. Horatio Stebbins conducted
the services. He opened the latter by
feelingly saying: "Friends, neigh
bors and fellow citizens: First of all
Senator Perkins will speak .such words
as seem to him fitting- to the occa
sion, to the hour and to our senti
ments." Senator Perkins, who was a
dear friend of the deceased, then arose
and delivered a eulogy that brought
tears to the eyes of his listeners and
which Impressed every one with the
worth of the late Mr. Phelps. Fol
lowing isa transcript of his, remarks:
"Friend after friend departs,
Who has not ■ lost., a -friend?
There Is no union here- of ■ hearts
That finds not here an end."
It is as natural to die as It Is to lie born
and •to live. Death enters the palace as
well as the cottace. The Rreat ami ] the
learned, the philosopher and the peasant,
the rich and the poor all must obey, its
command. It comes into our social and
business life every day, and .some friend
or acquaintance, is called, to- that .bourne '
whence no traveler- returns. Yet 'we never
become reconciled to Its visit, and we can
not understand why this or that friend
should he taken and we left for a time
to struggle on.
We come to-day to pay the last. sad. trib
ute of respect to the Vnemory of one who
has contributed as much toward develop
ing: the resources and building; up of . our
commonwealth as any other pioneer of- our
State.
Timothy Guy Phelps was born in ; the
State of New York December 24, 1824. . He
received a good common school education,
and when 21 years of age went to New
York to engage In mercantile pursuits, and
Hales.
after .a few years' experience' returned to
Ills rural home to study law. A- few years
later, when the report of gold discovery
in California. ■ reached New York, Mr.
Phelps abandoned his law studies and
started for California, arriving in San Fran
cisco December 14, 1849, alter a passage of
162 days from Panama, a length of time
almost equal to the time it would have
required to come by sailing vessel around
Cape Horn. He started immediately for
the mires and engaged in river mining in
Tuolnmne County. Failing, like thousands
of others, to realize his. dream of wealth
from the | new El Dorado, hi?, returned to
San Francisco and embarked in the mercan
tile business, being moderately .successful
until a disastrous fire swept over the city,
taking away the accumulative earnings of.
years of himself and ,• business associates.
Hut with that force and ■ energy which were
such strong traits of his character, he did
not become, discouraged,' but applied him
self • with renewed energy to building, up
a new fortune. His public 'political career
began In 1854, when he ran as a candidate
for the Legislature In company with the
late Colonel E. D. Baker, who while a
Senator of I the . United States . from Oregon
cave his life in defense of our country. In
1858 Mr. Phelps was 'nominated and elected
Hales.
to . the . Legislature from Van Francisco and
Ban Mated County on the first Republican
ticket in this State. During the five years
that he was in the Legislature he was al
ways the stanch friend of the people and
of the public welfare. ■ He strongly opposed
the bulkhead scheme, a scheme to give pos
session to private speculators of the San
Francisco water front for fifty years and
the right to levy tolls and wharfage upon
the shipping of the port.
In'lSCl Mr. Phelps was a prominent can
didate for Governor, but was defeated be
fore the convention by' Governor {Hartford.
He, however, was immediately nominated
for Congress and elected by a majority of
16.500.' which was the highest encomium to
his popularity- with the people. He at once
took- a prominent part in Congress, and
among other measures he voted,- for the
abolition of slavery In the District of Co
lumbia. He enjoyed in a - marked degree
the friendship and confidence •of President
Lincoln, who consulted him in all -matters
relating to the Pacific Coast. : . ■-:
I watched last ' evening the setting sun
as It sank away beneath , the horizon. ! The
beautiful glow upon . the. clouds B settled
Into the ' twilight and the gloaming of the
evening into the somber hue of nieht. It
seemed as if . the sable rail would always
Hales.
envelnp the enrth. But behold the cflange
tiiis bright m iraing, when the dawn pro
claimed the coming of the day and the
mountain peaks and the spires were bathed
in the life-Elvlngr and Inspiring rays of
the king of day. So with us— so it is with
our dear friend whose bier we to-day sur
round. He will surely live aeain.
The Masonic choir, composed of
Samuel D. Mayer, J. R. Offilvie, J. R.
Jones and J. F. Fleming-, rendered
"Still, Still With Thee." At the con
clusion of the singing Dr. Stebbins led
in prayer. The aped and eloquent di
vine touched on the present and here
after, sympathizing with the family of
the deceased and paying his tribute in
words of beauty and significance.
After the singing of "Rest in Peace"
by the choir, the funeral cortege left
the house of sadness. Following the
hoarse with bared heads were the fol
lowing honorary pallbearers:' rienator
George C. Perkins, Hon. George C.
Pardee. Regent University of Califor
nia: Judge W. "V.V. Morrow. Captain N.
T. Smith. Captain Charles M. Leavy,
Hon. M. M. Estee. Hon. A. S. Hallidi'e.
Regent University of California; Hon.
Martin Kellogg, president University
of California; Hon. William F. Herrin,
Judge W. T. Wallace, Regent Univer
sity of California: Hon. William Al
vord. Judge A. J. Rhodes. Hon. Alvin
za Hayward, Judge Charles W. Slack,
Regent University of California: Hon.
Julius Jacobs. Judge George H. Buck.
Professor J. E. ECeeler, Hon. Arthur
Rogers. Regent University of Califor
nia; Professor S. B. Christy. Hon.
James Byrnes. Hon. William T. Reid.
Hon. Stephen T. Gage. Dr. W. B. Clu
ness. Judge J. 11. MVCunc. Hon. H. G.
W. Dinkelspiel, Truman K. Jewell
Ksq.. Dr. W. L. Dickenson. Hon. Louis
Sloss, ex-president Pioneers: Colonel
D. J. Staples. Pioneer: Colonel John C.
Currier. Loyal Legion: Colonel E. A.
Denicke. Loyal Legion.
On arriving at the station the body
was placed in the funeral car and with
the funeral party taken to the ceme
tery. On reaching there they took up
the march to the chapel over a long
enrpet. the sides of which were strewn
with marguerites. Among those who
listened to the words uttered by Dr.
Stebbins were: Hon. E. J. McFarland,
ex-Governor Blaisdell of Nevada. I'r.
J. H Senger. Professor George David
son, Ira G. Hoitt. Hon. F. E. Baume of
New Zealand. Hon. John T. Kirk, Su
perintendent of Public Instruction;
Captain N. T. Smith, Hon. Aylett R.
c.otton, Caotaln Churles M. Leavy,
Professor S. P. Christy. John F. Pink
ham. Professor Soule of Berkeley, A.
F. Goss, E. B. Vreeland. J. S. Hittell,
£■ G. Bornemann. Francis Poley,
Geors-p c. Wichmore Hon. Charles T.
Fox, Hon. W. \v. Carapoell. I. Selig
and wife, Professor H 0 l.f'ichner.
Professor E. B. Brown. B. C. Quigly
and wife, J. Lipman and Professor
.loppph Le Conte.
The services in the little rhurrh were
fJgOft and solemn. The rhnir rpndered
"Thy Will Be Done" and then deliv
ered a short prayer. At th*> conclusion
of the latter the choir sang "Good
I\i£ht. 7 Am Going Home.'
The remains were then carried within
the receiving vault, the widow and im
mediate family viewed the remains for
the last time and all departed on the
special train.
Hales.
3-Day Specials !
Special sale prices are lower, of course,
than our regular prices, but our regular
prices are as low as it would be safe to
pay for goods that are pure: 'and when
we sell you goods they are always pure.
; OK WHISKEY, bot. 75c; 3 bets $2.00
Purchasers of this . gallon $3.00
celebrated whisky
secure a nutritious
stimulant of the greatest
attainable excellence.
Regular price ?1 and J4.
CALIFORNIA OLIVE OIL, qt. bot 70c
"Santa Barbara."' pt. b0t. ...... .40c
guaranteed absolutely pure.
Regular price Ssc and 50c.
| CALF'S FOOT JELLY, pk ....10c
Delicious wine Jelly of any
kino -;:n be "reduced by
adding wine and water.
Regular prli
FRENCH SARDINES, tin 10=
Choice small flsh put up in
the finest ..live nil.
Regular pric<» 15c.
GINGER ALE, dozen. 75c
A delicious drink in
warm weather.
Regular price $1.
; Mail »cd Telephone Orders Receive Prcicpt Atttcticn
21 STOCKTON ST., 3253FILLHORE ST.,
Near JVJarket. Corner Lombard.
Telephone Main 6522. i Telethon? Wost 152.
CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIME.
a,
DINING-ROOM CHAIRS 65c
SPECIiL THIS WEEi v '"'
Oak— Cane. Seat-High Back— Strong.
Neat and Well Made.
OH yes— we have ALL, kinds
of' summer furniture, WlL-
low CHAIRS, MATTINGS. COUCH-
ES REFRIGERATORS AND HUN-
DREDS OF OTHER THINGS.
TRICES CANNOT BE CHEAPER.
THE' J. NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
f0t7'1023 MISSION STREET,
flbove Slxtb
Phone South 14. Open Evenings.
Painless Dentistry.
BSEE OUR NEW
Flesh=Colored
, Cannot be detected from
the natural teeth and *urn.
Z thin, and fctroneer thaa
i Crowns. S3.SO. Plate^'jlW. FJlllnß. »«>••
i -ALL, WORK WARRANTED.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS.
24 Sixth St., Cor. Stevenson. j_
I DR.MCNULTY D
. HWIS -WELL-KNOWN AND BELIABI^OLD
' 1 Specialist Private. Nervous, and Blood u>*.
eases o; Men only. Book on Private Diseases »nd
| Weaknesses of Men. froe. Ov.-rSOy'r?''
Patients curedßt Home. Terms reasonable. ':°" V
. .to3rtaUy:9..lotoB:3o ev'gs. Sh-.i«l:its. ' nt " l2 - ££HSI
I UUon free and sacredly confidential. Call.oraddreai
P. ROSCOE McXCLTY, M ' D '« -
I 86^ Kearay St., San Francisco. CM.