VOLUME I.XXXVI-SO. 177.
POLICY OF
THE PRESIDENT
IS CONDEMNED
Chief Executive Declared to
Be an Enemy of
Labor.
STAND OF KNIGHTS
c
-.iopts
-
*
B'
.
n
-
-
iws:
B<*clrcd. tat the General
Assfisblr has ample evidence
that President JlcXinley is
axr.ire of ths conditions that
exist in these places (Cuba
and "Xajdcer)faj»d-?J* t fVT*'*>.:«*Jf;
ths least, made no t2ort to re
dress the "Krauts or to correct
then, although urged to do so
by prominent labor leadors,
Ccr-??ressinen and United
Stitrs Senators, and -we, there
:;;.-'. must rccagsiaw William
XcKlr.lcv zs tha bitt'.r cn:r:y
of labor. z.r.u ask ltbcr to use
its vctcs . inMt him &rd his
associates.
■
■
■
srlected as the ,
SPANISH PI _RS IN
HANDS OF INSURGENTS
WASHINGTON. Nov 2 ._ The Spanish
Minister, the Duk* d'Arcos, called at the
State Departnvr.t to-day to '.earn the
prospects for the re: raj* of the Spanish"
prisoner* hfltl in the Philippines. Thus
far nothing has been heard as to the
measure of success, attending the dispatch
Of a message from Trident McKinley to
Aculraldo concerning the Spanish cap
tives, but it is assumed that owing to the
recent forward movement of the Amer
ican troops and " the scattering of the
Filipinos, some difficulty has been ex
perienced by Ger.eral Mac Arthur In de
livering the message. The American ad
vance has resulted in freeing scatte-eJ
bands of abcut rlxty to eighty l n all and
brrldcs these Zto hick prisoners are about
to be released and put aboard en Amer
i^ftir.^hip mw «r th~ na> north-to receive
There remain about 3Ouo or 3000
ilpxaiah prisoners in the hand, of the la
► urffenta. --,
Season's Gold Ou
VANCOUVER. B. C. Nov. 3 -Th- gold
e\:put from the Cariboo district this year
I rstlpated at H.W.000 Extensive
J -y£raui:c plants are operated by several
companies and a great deal of new m ; n .
lr.g machinery is being taken into the dis
trict. Some of the nuggets found this
se&eon were worth JIM.
The San Francisco Call
BRITISH TROOPS DRIVE BOERS
FROM THEIR POSITIONS AT BELMONT
Methuen Gains a Victory After a Brilliant Bayonet Charge, but at a Loss of
Over Two Hundred in Killed, Wounded and Missing— Revolt of the Dutch
in Cape Colony and the Situation in Natal Cause
L- DON, Nov. 24. — Stirring and important news comes this morning from the
frontier. Along with the announcement that a strong position of the
carried at the point of the bayonet comes the suggestive news
of g Xatal for the capital of the Free State, a pretty clear indi
at they I a certain plan of campaign.
official • an from Lor -.en states that at daybreak yesterday
g he look the Boer position at Belmont. some fifty-six miles south of Kim
l spot, it a here Lieutenant Colonel Keith-Falconer
. eat gallantry and were well supported by the
tish losses ai to be c >nsiderable, while those of the
ritish troops carried the position at the point of the
•renadic Is suffered most severely, one of
eutenant 1 c killed and eight others wounded. Of the
killed, thirty-six wounded and thirteen are missmg.
killed, wounded and missing.
lent that the action was of a pretty severe
• - tnplete," says Lord Methuen.
Th< d remains obscure. Fighting is reported at both Est
ysmith. ! that heavy firing had been heard
of Willow ■ the belief that General Hildvard
CAPE TOWN, Nov.
2-3. — General Buller
has started for Natal.
He is expected to re
turn here shortly.
DEFEAT OF BOERS
AT LADYSMITH IS
ALSO REPORTED
LONDON. Nov. Zi— The Morning Post
publishes the following from Pieterrr.a
ritzburg. dated Thursday: "We hare
received a rumor here to-day from Dutch
sources to the effect that our forces re
cently inflicted another disastrous defeat
on the Boers around Ladysmlth. Nearly
ill the enemy's large puns are reported to
have been captured, and the Boers are
ive been completely demoral
- -*'rmM. bvt '
r much de
truth
REBELLION OF
THE DUTCH IN
CAPE COLONY
• • :-lsing
-•riots.
g report that
The postmaster at Hometown reports
that the Kuruman people have defeated
the north rebels.
CAPE TOWN. Nor. 23.— United Slates
Consul General Stowe has received infor
mation that the British prisoners in Pre
toria are well fed and that there is no
truth in the statement that they are suf
fering from scurvy.
Sir Alfred Mllner has published a pro
clamation to the people of the colony, in
the course of which he says:
"It is my duty to dispel false reports
regarding the policy and intentions of the
Imperial Government, Misleading mani
festoes from beyond the border represent
the imperial authorities as desiring t.-> op
preps the Dutch, and th* idea has spread
abroad that the Dutch will be deprived of
their constitutional right*. There is ab
solutely no truth In such allegations.
"The Imperial Government desires the
greatest freedom of se'.f-goverr.tnent for
both Dutch and British, and the axten
e'on not the curtailment, of the constitu
tional rights that are solely endangered
by' rebellion. The Imperial Government
adheres firmly to the principle of equal
freedom for all loyal colonists "
Van Renaburg. the ringleader of th<!
rebels at Colesburg. was arrested Just as
he was Joining a Boer commando. Unaer
orders from General Gatacre he will be
tried for treason.
ATTACK OF THE
BOERS ON MOOI
RIVER CAMP
-. Nov. !4.-The Daily Tele
graph publish** the following dispatches:
PIETERMARIT2BUBO. Nov. a.-The
Boer attack on General Barton's
camp ai Mool River to-day wa»
practically ineffective. At 1:80 in the
afternoon the enemy opened fire. Al
though some shells fell In proximity
SAN FRAXCISCO. FRIDAY, SOVEMBEB 24, 1399.
PROMINENT BUILDINGS IN PIHTERMARITZBLRG.
to the hotel and railway station, little
damage was done. Our artillery took a
position behind the hotel and under cover
<>f their fire our infantry and Thorny
croffs mounted troops advanced. By
3:30 a party of Boers were observed mov
ing on our left flank. Our artillery threw
some ■bells among them and after four or
five shots operations ceased.
PIETERMARITZBURG. Nov. 24. —It
now appears that the Boers yes
trrday were unaware of the presence
of a battery of artillery at Mooi River.
and receiving no reply to their opening
shell fire, they were advancing with the
utmost confidence when two well-directed
shots from the British battery disillusion
ed them and caused them to beat a hasty
retreat.
The latest news wh fheii her*
from >!<>ol River is • a the
. attack on our camp at 5
o'clock this morning, having brought
their trt'.ns further to the south and
thrown up earthworks. Their shells did
•lamatje. BOwWVar. Our artillery
moved out and np^nM fire, but failing to
bring the er.emy within range they re
turned to camp.
A reliable scout haa informed General
Barton that he heard sounds at firing In
the direction of Willow Grar.se. n> pi
Mool Kiver. This pWnt* to the fact that
General Hildvard is engaging the enemy
with a force from Estcourt. Prince
Christian Victor has left Mool River
camp from Pletermaritxburg with dl»
patchea from General Barton.
had made a sortie. Later dispatches announce that General White sortied from
Ladysmith and inflicted a demoralizing defeat upon the Boers.
It would be premature to give full credence to either report. What is quite
certain is that Ladysmith, Estcourt and the Mooi River station are all isolated and
the Boers seem able after detaching enough troops to hold three British foi
aggregating 17,000 men, to push on toward Pietermaritzburg with some 7000
men.
A disquieting feature of the whole campaign is the fact that all the advanc- j
ing generals report meeting the Boers in force. In view of the brilliant success of
General Joubert in partially paralyzing the relieving columns the question is I <
asked. What would have happened had he at the outset of the war. instead of sit
ting down before Ladysmith. pushed on to Pietermaritzburg?
General Gatacre's report that the Dutch are rising increases public anxiety,
as it tends to confirm rumors that have long been current. A special dispatch
from Durban announces that more big naval guns were landed Wednesday and
sent to the front. Prince Christian Victor left the Mooi River camp before it 1
was invested, bearing dispatches tn Pietermai ; tzburg.
Late last evening it was asserted at Aldershot that the Sixth division, now in \
process of mobilization, will actually be required for active service. Some of the
yoemanry agents have been warned for mobilization owing to the scarcity of cav
alry in Africa. It is also reported that another brigade of horse artillery will be
mobilized. 1
GENERAL CLERY'S
POSITION IS NOW
MOST INSECURE
LONDON. Nov. a. -Gen ral Clery'e po-
In Natal l» described as Intolera
ble. He is bound to clear the enemy from
his communications a:id make complete
iration in preparation fur the for
movement on I-idj«mlth. which ia
banpered sad:>- by the lack of cavalry.
■-oops, so far as can
be judged from the list of transports re-
I as having arrived at Durban, are
a few companies of mounted Infantry, to
which he will be able to add a few hun
dred irrepular Colonial Mounted Rifles.
• at present is due to ig
norance of the strength ( ■ i'ritish
force at Moot Camp. That this force con
sists of three battalions or portions of
three battalions, some colonial auxiliar
ies and some guns may be Inferred from
the telegrams, but from the same source
it is learned that they are intrenched
and acting on the defensive, which reads
like an admission of weakness.
On the other hand, tho Westminster
Gaxette's military pip"" points out that
- the original estimates of armed
strer.tr.h of the Boer republics are even
more absurdly under the mark than the
British are prepared to admit. It is ob
viously impossible for Joubert to be able
to hold White at Ladyamith. Hlldyard at
LONDON, Nov. 24.— The Daily Chronicle
says: "We learn that tbe Cabinet bas de
cided that the basis of settlement in South
Africa will bee united South (Africa, modeled
upon the Canadian plan. The details have
not yet been settled, but it is practically
certain tfyat no terms of peace will be ac
cepted by tbe British Government sbort of
the Britisb occupation of Pretoria and
Bloemfontein."
Estcourt and riery at rktermarUzburjr.
BOt to mention the unknown quantity of
troops at the camp on Moot Rtver.
The Admiralty announces that the First
Dragoons left Cape Town to-day for Dur
ban to reinforce Gon*ral •"•
whose advance Is delayed by lack of cav
alry-.
METHUEN'S REPORT OF
THE BATTLE AT BELMONT
Claims the British Troops Drove the Boers
From Three Ridges, but at Very Heavy
Cost — General Fetherstonhaugh Se
verely Wounded.
L. v: ■ N Nov. 23,-The Secretary gf War has received the following dispatch
through General Forster- Walker, from General Methuen. dated Belmo-u'
November 23: * *
"Attacked the enemy at daybreak this morning. He was In a stronr
position. Three ridges were carried in succession, the last attack ' belne
prepared by shrapnel. Infantry behaved splendidly, and received support
from the naval brigade and artillery- The enemy fought with courage and ski 1 1
Had I attacked later I should have sustained heavy loss. ° ■
V . "Our victory was complete. Have taken forty prisoners. Am burying a rood
number of Boers, but the greater part of the enemy's killed and wounded were re
moved by their comrades. Have captured a large number of hortes and cattle and
a large quantity of ammunition.
"Brigadier General Fetherstonhaugh was severely wounded In the shou'der
a.id Lieutenant Colonel Crabbe of the Grenadier Guards is reported wounded!.
"Our other casualties arc the following:
"Grenadier Guards. Third battalion: Lieutenant Fryer Dan»mi,.i.
wounded-Lleutenant Blundell. «-»serousiy
"Grenadier Guards. Second Battalion: Wounded— Lieutenant Leslie Lieu*
ant Vaughan. Lieutenant Gurdon-Rebow and Lieutenant Russell. ~ " " cu ' en "
"Reported wounded— Lieutenants Lyon and Cameron.
"Grenadier Guards, rank and file: Killed. 26; wounded. 25; ml.«.« ! np 11
— "Cohistream Guards. First Battalion: Wounded— Lieutenant Grant.
"Coldstream Guards. Second Battalion: Wounded— Lieutenant Theodora mm
loughby and Lieutenant Burton, the latter severely. vu "
"Coldstream' Guards, rank and file: Killed. 8; -wounded. 23- missing 5
"Scots Guards. First Battalion: Wounded— Major Theon North Dalrvmni
Hamilton, severely; Lieutenants Bulkeley and Alexander. */«ipie
"Scots Guards, rank and file: Killed. 9; wounded. 34.
• "Northumberland Fusileers. First Battalion: Killed— Captain Earar an* Tl
tenant Brine. Wounded-Major Dashwood and Lieutenant Fes ting, dangerous! v*
Captain Saple and Lieutenant F;shb:urne. severely. dangerously.
"Northumberland Fuslleers. rank and flle: Killed. 12; wounded 32
"Northamptonshire Regiment. Seconnd Battalion: Wounded— CaDtain v~
land and Lieutenant Barton, severely. »»««« r res "
"South Yorkshire Regiment, Second Battalion, rank and file* "Wounded I."
QUEENSTOWN. Cape Colony. Nov.
22. — For strategical reasons and to
reassure the British population. Gen
eral Gatacre has decided on a partial for
wnrd mnventnt ofter the reinforcements
arrive to-night. Several further arrests
have b*en made at Naauwpoort. and in
that neighborhood of Influential Dutch
suspected of disloyalty.
Replying to deputations from Herschell
regarding the intentions of the Free
State forces at Ladygrey. Commandant
Oliver declared that an invasion of the
Herschell district was not intended.
Nevertheless an incursion Is anticipated
and preparations are being made to re
sist.
CAPE TOWN. Nov. 23.-Tho st-amer
Wiiiwera. with the New Zealand conting
ent of troops on board, has arrived here.
♦
BOERS TAKE STEYNSBUHG.
LONDON. Nov. 23.— The Dally Mail pub
lishes following from Steynrburg late
Wednesday: "Boers took possession of
thl3 place on Monday. A commandeering
committee has been formed and the Eng
lish have been ordered to leave within
seven dajr». Th«» l.idle* of the village pre
sented the Boers with a flag bearing the
words 'The Lord will provide.' There was
great speechifying and psalm singing"
THE MAINE FUND.
LONDON. Nov. 23. -The fund for fitting
out the Maine as a hospital ship now ex
ceeds £KCOO. exclusive of the receipts r.f
the concert directed by Mrs. Brown-Pot-
At the meetlr.g of the executive com
mittee of the fund to-day three American
surgeons and five nurses, w ho recently ar
rived, presented themselves and were or
dtalljr received by Lady Randolph Church
ill and her colleagues.
riUCE FIVE CENTS.
FILIPINOS
MEET DEFEAT
NEAR JARO
Hughes' Commaud Steadily
Advancing to the
North.
FLIGHT OF AGUYILDO
Reported to Have Arrived at Bay
ambang Hatless With Clothes
Spattered With Mud.
c
Special D!ip«teh to Th« C»H
MANILA. Nov. 23. -Colonel Carpen
ter on November IS advanced to
Santa Barbara, straight north
from Jaro. taking trench aft»r
trench, the enemy fighting and re
treating. Genera! Hughes' com
mand has steadily b«»*n advancing north
to gain a position west of Santa Barbara.
It encountered the enemy in small detach
ments. Six to ten Americans were wom-d
ed in this column.
Colonel Carpenter started during the
night of November CO. and opened with
Battery O of the Sixth Artillery at d.iy
break Nov*mb»r 21 on the trenches. The
enemy volleyed as the artillery took cp
a position, wounding four.
Two companies of the Tw*r.ty-«ixth
Regiment carrlsonlr.g Jaro moved throut h
Capes, attacking the enemy on the right
flank. Just north of Jaro at daybreak on
November 21. driving them toward Colonel
Carpenter.
The country between Jaro and Santa
Barbara is thickly Intrenched, especially
near Pavla. The Sixth Artillery fired on
the trenches and the Eighteenth Rerfmtnt
charged, the enemy retreating to the next
trench The Eighteenth again charged.
countering and attacking a force of bclo
men who were hidden ln the long grafts
and who severely wounded several Am»r!
tar.i.
During the afternoon of November a
the fightlnr was severe immediately souih
of Pavia. three miles north of Jaro.
The twenty-six companies returned to
Jaro immediately after the Baal move
ment, having captured three «ix-pour.d
rmooth-bore cannon and a quantity c?
arms and ammunition.
The enemy's les* was not obtainable, but
seven men were found dead In one trench.
The Insurgents are failing bark on Santa
Barbara, which It is expected General
Hughes has attacked before this momlm;.
A Spanish corporal captured by the Fil
ipinos has arrived here from Tarlac. H*
cays he saw AjtuirvaMo. accompanied by i*
• prominent leader and fifteen men, arrt"«
i at Bayambang daring th» night of No-
I vember 13. hatless. his clothes torn and
spattered with mud and hi* nor*" exhaust,
cd. Agulnaldo. it appears, rested a short
time, seemed anxious, consulted with his
companions and the villagers as to the
nature of the roads, secured fresh horses
and proceeded immediately toward Man
galaren. in Pangasinan Province, west of
Bayambang.
The corporal tolls a straight *tnrv. gly.
Ing minute details. He is convinced he I*
not mistaken, having <••■>•:: Airuinaldo sev
eral times during recent months. Aguln
aldo. it appear*, would have had time tn
lea\e Bay.imbansr November 13 and pn**
through General Wheaton's lines Norem
btr IT.
REBELS FRIGHTENED
BY THE NEGRO TROOPS
MANILA. Nov. 23. 5:55 p. m.— General
Mac Arthur has returned to Tarlac and
has established his headquarter* at Agul
naldo's former residence.
During the entire movement from Ger
ona to Dagupar not a shot was fired. Th<»
Inhabitants of San Carlos m«t the Ameri
cans with a band formerly attached to
the insurgent army, and the Mayor, with
General Mac Arthur and Colonel Bell In>
a carriage, headed a procession through
the town. Gener.il Mac Arthur received
an ovation. Explaining the Americans*
Intentions, he announced they intended to
garrison all the towns on the railroad.
Hundreds of men are in the n>id harvest
ing rice along the railroad. The foreign
ers in the territory assert that Aguinaldo
was not expecting th-; American advanco
for a month. wh«-n the rains wou!d hay«
tinlshed. He had permitted a large part
of hi^ army to scatter to their homes and
do the harvesting. The soldiers hail hid
den their rifles about their homes. If this
is true many rifles are likely to be brought
in to secure the 130 offered for each
weapon seized.
The fording of Pampanga River abov«
Tarlac by the Thirty-sixth Regiment ami
a battalion of the Seventeenth Regiment
was ... noteworthy feat. The river is
broad and swift. Part of the command
w;.s ferried on rafts and the remainder
swam over, holding on to a life line
strung across.
General Wheaton. when General Mac-
Arthur communicated with him. was
holding San Fabian and two or three
neighboring towns. Captain Leonhauser**
capture ol the town cf O'Donnell was a
remarkable stroke. His command con
sisted of three companies of the Twenty
fifth Regiment. Captain Albright an 1
Lieutenant L'atea and Morton command
ing, lie started at 6 o'clock at night and
marched fifteen mile* In the mud. The
only regular approach was along a road
and over a river whose bridge was
strongly fortified. The entrance of in*
town was entrenched. ,;■;.'
The soldiers left the road and followed
! a cattle trail to the rear of the town.
At daylight the crowd separated, one com
pany advancing on the back of the town
and the others flanking It. The Insurgents
; were asleep, except those at the outposts,
1 who were captured without shooting. One
| platoon ran down the main street to a
: trench and the other detachments made a
I quick search of the houses. An officer de
; scribing the scer.e. said:
"The n^sro soldiers were pouring out
of every house, dragging sleepy, fright
ened Filipino warriors by the collar and
kicking them to the street. It was a race
to see which company would corral the
most Filipinos. The women and children,
bellevlrs the stories told that the negro
soldiers were cannibals, shrieked fright-
I fully. After all the rifles had been se
! cured the Filipinos were surprised by be-
I ing told to go to their homes and attend
t to work." t __________^^__
CAPTURED BY WHITE.
DURBAN. Nov. 23.— The Natal Tlmej
this evening says: During the night at
tacks on Sunday General White captured
several Boer positions and guns and much
material.no_textno_text2
AGE LIMIT SET AT
A CHURCH SOCIAL
Novel Entertainment at Pacific
Grove Where the Youngest
Was Three Score and Ten.
remarkable church enter
t ih<* Methodist
. . • • ■ •
■
"All per
• a old ls.dk
. a \t-ry happ]
rears, the averace rr*
;
• ■ ■ I :.:ied States,
Ul are
■
STORM BREWING OVER
NEVADA'S PARIS EXHIBIT
Rumor That the California Commissioners
and Others Are Mixed Up in
the Scandal,
■
■
• aßrt
■
\Y.
I
■
■
PRESIDENT D'AZ URGED
TO ACCEPT RE-ELECTION
Occurrence of One of the Most Not-
able Poetical Demonstrations
In K:story of Zrlexioo.
■
■
: in a
■
■
■ •
1
The
r
■
:
rs in a
■
-
BRIGKAM ROBERTS
REACHED WASHINGTON
Congrefsm"n-E!eci Does Not Believe
::
1 -d Vacai
. «■ H.
■
: ' :
■ ■ •
■
'.early
1 him
Ambusia Rojas Dead.
■
lie
■
Pears'
Pretty boxes and odors
are used to sell such
soaps as no one would
touch if he saw them un-
disguised. Beware of a
soap that depends on
something outside of it.
Pears, the ' finest soap
10 the world is scented or
not, as you wish; and the
money is in the merchan-
dise, not in the box.
All sorts of stores srll it, especially
druggists; all sorts of people arc
using it.
company to furnish an expert and also
pay the freight; It was suggested to Mr.
xerfhgton that he could run the exhibit
If ha paid the freight, but he did not con
sider tho proposition favorably. Yering
ton then accorttd a position with the
Southern Pacific Company, working in
conjunction with Professor Mathias and
mi'ifr a salary .... the company.
This was acceptable to the board and
everything soonied smooth sailing, when
<;->vornor Sadler, while In San Francisco,
loarned of a scheme on foot to have Col
onel Maxson place part of the magnilieent
Nevada mineral exhibit in the California
exhibit, the California commissioners to
pay his expenses to Paris ami a bonus
b«*s«f<l«?s for allowing this to be done. The
Governor came back in a very vrrathy
statf of mind and asked Maxson if the
Finry was true. The colonel was busy at
the time and declined to discuss tho sub
jpctrmaklng neither denial nor affirmation
of the rumor. The Governor says he
proposes to investigate the matter fully.
This rumor has been floating: about Ne
vada in a vague form for over a week and
it has been alleged that W. H. Mills has
been taking an active interest in the mat
tor to secure a good mineral showing for
California. This Is denied, however, and
tho argument mado that the Southern Pa
cll'.c i.s as much interested in miking a
good showing for Nevada as for Califor
nia, bolnp Interested in o.ich State.
The charge that Mills Is working the job
to llleh from Nevada its mineral exhibit
finds .very, llttlp credence here and the
California Commissioners are the parties
who are regarded as the real Instigators
of it. If. the Governor can substantiate
the charges he will revoke Maxson's com
mission In short order.
PERISHED IN THE
YUKON NEAR OGILVIE
Names of the Five Unfortunates As
certained, but Nothing About
j.. Them Is Known. ?
SE.Vrnlf?. Xov. 23.-Further.-but mea-
Sfil. advices of . the drowning. November
11, of. five people In the Yukon, above
Ogilvie,' were received by the steamer
City.ofSrnttlo to-night. The dead are:
TWO McNAMARAS, brothers.
KELLY.
MRS. DUUMIJOLTON.
MRS. RUXDALL.
Tho Initial*, or anything further tend
ing to e«tablish the Identity of the unfor
tunates; were not learned. Two reports
ar.<» given as to tho manner In which their
death occurred. One Is that the party
Fought to board a scow bound for Daw
son, .... flor.t Ice swept down upon
thorn, capr-izing the boat in which they
nn<l pom- out to tho scow. Another Is
that all were on the fcow, which got
caught in the Ice and sunk.
MOLINEUX JURORS ARE
EXCUSED FOR ILLNESS
Considerable Time Is Being Required
to Get the Full Quota to Try
the Prisoner.
NEW YORK. Nov. 23.-At the close of
the day's proceedings in the trial of
Roland B. Mo]lneux, charged with caus
ing the d«ath of Mrs. Kate J. Adams, six
jurors occupied positions in the jury box.
At the opening of the court, after hearing
twtlmony regarding their physical condi
tions, physicians nsfrting that the men
wrre not lit to undergo the long ordeal of
the trial. K*corder Goff excused Abraham
Altmever and Morris A. Uraude. Jurors
Not. 4 an( j 5 respectively. Thl« reduced
tho number of men in the box from
soven to five, but another juror was ob
tainiil just before the day «-ndcd. He is
Gooii?<- Edgar, a retired builder. Counsel
for the defense fought hard to keep
Messrs. Altmcycr and Uraude On the jury
but they were not successful.
SAILORS OF BRITISH
VESSEL ARE MISSING
Duntrune Dismasted in a Gale Off tho
Coast of Chile and Supposed
to Have Foundered.
LONDON*. Nov. 23.— A dispatch re
ceived from Coronet, Chile, states that the
Hrltirh ship Duntrune, from Barry, for
Junln. was dismasted in a sale and is
supposed to have foundered. Part of the
crew has landed at Sandy Point. Search
ers sent out for the remaining members
liuvc returned, being unsuccessful in llnd
inK th*»m or the vp^kcl.
The Dnntmnc was an Iron vessel of ugn
tons, lmllt in IS~. nd hailed from Dun
'" -• Scotland. She was last reported
t-pokfti on July '_".*. in latitude 1C south
longitude "32 west.
INDIANS STILL PEACEFUL.
Threatened Uprising of Sac and Fox
Not Yet Reported.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 21. -The threat
ened uprirlnK of Sac and Fox Indians in
lowa on account of the forcible detention
of an Indian pupil, a married woman, at
the Government school, nan not yet been
officially reported to the Interior Depart
ment. While the authorities do not at
tempt to sustain tho action of th« agent in
detaining a married woman pupil, th.*
Government claims the rljjht, once pupils
are enrolled in a Government school, to
compel them by force or otherwise to at
tend. The Sr.e rtnd Fox Indians have been
opposed to this policy.
THOMAS H. IMSAY DEAD.
Founder of White Star Line and
Chairman of Its Directors.
LIVERPOOL. Mpv. It— Thomas Henry
•■ 1
innaa
• ■ienlv
«. R« w^^ born January 7
Death of a Pioneer.
REDDING. No* Sylvester Hull, a
pioneer and prominent Democratic politi
cian of this county, died to-day after a
lingering illness. Decedent had filled the
position oX Sheriff of this county and Reg
istrar of the Land Oftlce at Redding. He
was os years of. use. .
THE SAX FRANCIBCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 24. 1899.
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY
FOR COAST FORTS
Experiments Conducted Prepara
tory to Introducing the System
Are Veru Satisfactory.
CAT.T, HEADQUARTERS. WELLINGTON HOTEL. WASHINGTON, Nov.
-3. -Arrangements are being perfected by Brigadier General Greely. chief
.«ig:'.ul ofi; . .-. for equipping forts along tho roast with wireless telegraphy
intents. Experiments l>'-k.:- conducted 1 ■ Captain Reber of the Signal
Corps and chief signal officer of the Department of the East are re
:as very satisfactory. It Is understood that experiments are to be made
• - • iter rapidity of sending and more certainty in receiving.
.'. 'ir.-.iy ilt->ir»-s to improve the system h» has in use as much as possible.
The Marconi system Is not being used by the Signal Corps, though it probably
will be by the navy. Rear Admiral Bradford, chief of the Bureuu of Equipment,
will r, jic;,;, r the question of the equipment of ravy vessels with Instruments
upon his return to Washington next week.
DEWEY TO VISIT
CITY OF WHEELING
Accepts the Committee's
Invitation.
«,
GIVEN A SEVRES JARDINIERE
MANY PEOPLE SEND EXPRES
SIONS OF SYMPATHY.
Assure the. Admiral That Th«:y Do
Not Countenance the lucent
Severe Attacks Made
Upon Him.
Special Dtspateh to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 23.-A delegation
. w. Va., to-day
Admiral Dewey and extended an ln
• him to visit that city February
•.!. Tho admiral aco pted th
ted by th 1:1
:p.rt> Sevres Jardiniere.
Lieutenant Crawford to-day gave >.ut
nent vn behalf of the
admiral:
"Admiral Dewey has received many
hundn I ' :ams from
s !;i nil walk^ 1 in ev.-ry
;. of the oountry« from -Ma
■ . : thai he Is not with
out ,: and expressing their s'.n
ithy with him in com
with th-- reo li'- attack upon him. Tlies.
■..■tt.rs and telegrams are far too i.
ousts t personal acknowledgment,
but the admiral '••- deeply k-:ateful to the
ire them of his
. of their kin.;
. :m."
CHICAGO, Nov. The <'hlcag'-> Dewey
Commli g to the recent en:
Imiral I'■1 '■ wey In connection with the
: bis home, decided to-day to
: :dcag</s in
.. :::il to visit this city.
.. . ■ lit is named aa II .;
.:.<1 In the com:.
imiral Dewey lie is assured that
Chicago'i y e of ihe
: ■ . ntly raised.
Mayor li- - . emented the c<>m
ion by s
am In which 4 he urgul the admiral
committee's Letter and the Mayor's
"CHICAGO, Nov. tt, ISS9.
"Mr. «.">eorge Dewey, Admiral. I. N
. ■>... ij. mi" rs Of the committee
appointed by the city of Chicago I
for the cel< t<ratii>n in honor of your
to assure y>,:;
: • ■ allty appreciate
.:.'ry and to
•ion.
Lthise with the re
ritlcism i' seems appropriate to
• bratlon «hnul«l occur on
rsary of the battle of Manila.
nasmuch as we already have your
we beg to urge that the date
::iing here be fixed for May L
Very truly yours,
" ••MARTIN H. MADDEN.
"Vice Chairman.
••J. M GLENN,
r--tary."
"CHICAGO, Nov. 23, lsy.t.
. Washington:
Committee of Chicago Htizons have wrlt
trgtng you to set date for
I u^ May 1. 1900. Chicago urges ac
ceptance of invitation.
i HARRISON, Mayor."
CONTRIBUTORS
MAY HAVE
MONEY BACK
Dewey Will Return
Sums Donated.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NSW YORK. Nov. 24— A special to the.
World from Washington says: Any sub
scriber to the Dewey Home Fund who
wishes to may have his or her money
back.
J"hn t* McLean. speaking for his sister,
Mrs. Dewey, said: "Mr.». Dewey and tlie
admiral bave been OTerwhelmed with.
DOt hundreds but thousands of telegrams
'•1 ay in path ty t"r the aflllctlon which liu.s
befallen them In ihip furious ami thoos;ht
ttack made upon their domestic life.
a al 1 '•■\\>y : ■tateeaant ha« had «reat
tpttata tins revulsion of sea-
"Among the telegrams received was one
from Emerson McMillan of New York
to the effect that if any person desired
the return of their subscriptions to the
home fund. If the admiral would forward
the list of contributors to him, together
with any letters or dispatches requesting
a refunding of the money he. Mr. .M.
Millan, would immediately reimburse all
applicants in full.
"I am authorised to say most positively
that all sack requests will receive the
pnunptf-Kt attention. All that Is neces
■ary fur these people to uo is to for
ward their requests to the admiral him
self and not to rush to the newspaper
offices with them. All that come In proper
style v.ill receive attention.
"I alßo desire to say that nothing that
has happened to us throughout our Urea
has been such a source <.f grief as This
public furor. Mrs. Dewey has always
the favorite in our family, and has
almost idolized. \Vt> feel her grief
very k<-«-m> and propose to defend her.
At present she is In no condition to say
anything f«r publication.
"This< trouble has ulso seriously afflicted
our ag« d mother, who locked forward to
the coming of Admiral Dewey with such
pU-a.^ure and admiration and who w
> in her daughter's marriage. \\', ;
certainly never anticipated the outburst
and acted in absolute good faith, us we
supposed, with everybouy." _
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money if It falls to cure.
L. Sv. Grove's signature is on each box. 23c.
HIS SAVINGS
SAFELY HIDDEN
Aged Miser Dies in Ta
coma Hospital.
♦
WORRIED OVER HI? MONEY
♦
COULD NOT TELL WHERE IT
WAS BURIED.
♦
Map Found in a Trunk May Guide
Relatives to the Spot Where
the Gold Is Supposed to
Be Cached.
•
Special Dispatch to The Pall.
TACOMA, Nov. '.:..— Tn a secluded spot
a few miles from Tacoma lies buried flO,
000 in gold coin, the savings of a life of
care ■ id toll, while in a casket at Hoska's
undertaking parlors repose the remains of
a man who accumulated this treasure,
dollar by dollar, and hid it where no
prying eyes might find and take It from
him. Whether the burled treasure will
ever be found is a question, but a deter
mined search was started to-day.
John McNeil, who accumulated and bu-
I ried the treasure, died at the County Hos
pital last night. Before his spirit passed
i he told of his wealth and wept tears of
grlet that he could not leave his bed and
show the way to the gold that the rela
tives who survive him might be made
comfortable after he was gone.
About two weeks ago Mre. Daniel Mc-
Carthy made application for the admis
sion of her father, John McNeil, to the
County Hospital. He was old, eccentric
! and almost helpless. He was taken In
and It then developed he was not with
out funds, for In a wallet that he cart
fully guarded was a quantity of gold. It
soon became evident that the end was
near, and McNeil then conflded to his
physician that he had thousands of dol
lars buried eight miles from town.
Ha begged Dr. Heliker to get him Into
such a condition that he could go and
unearth the treasure which he declared
no other person could find. He tried to
tell where the fortune was burled, but
he had taken such pains -to conceal its
whereabouts that bis explanation wan not
Intelligible. When his trunk was exam
ined it was found to contain a compli
cate!, diagram, which may enable his
relatives to locate the treasure.
McNeil was S9 years old. Mrs. McCarthy
and Mrs. Hush, a granddaughter, are his
nearest relatives. •
MORE EXPLANATIONS
AS TO -DEWEY" ARCH
NEW YORK. Nov. 23.— Colonel William
Conant Church, chairman of the execu
tive committee of the committee for the
perpetuation of the Dewey arch, to-day
made a lengthy statement in regard to
the relation of the arch to Admiral
Dewey. :;\
"The arch," he said, "is to be the Dewey
arch in the sense it has always been. It
is certain that the fame of Admiral
Dewey and the battle of Manila Bay are
to be commemorated in the arch, and
there is little doubt that it will be known
as the Dewey arch Just as the Trafalgar
column In London is called the Nelson
monument."
DEWEY IS GRATEFUL.
Gratified at the Invitation Extended
to Visit Chicago.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 23.-"Yes." said
Admiral Dew«jr, with an appearance of In
tense • faction in his manner, to-day,
"l received to-day a telegram from i.he
Mayor of Chicago supplementing the let
ter of the Dewey committee of that city
inviting me to visit there on the Ist of
May. You may Bay in your dispatches
that, all things being equal, and barring
' any unlooked for circumstances, I shall
accept the Invitation to visit the city on
the Ist of May. I have been thinking of
Feme place In which to spend thai any.
the anniwrsary of the memorable day tiro
years ugo, and I don't know 01 any more
agrei-able city in which to spend it than
Chicago. The people there have been kind
and pleasant to me, and ever since '.he
battle of Manila I have been receiving
evidences of their good-will and affection.
My hope, therefore, Is to be able to ac
cept the Invitation which has been ex
tended to me."
The evidence of good-will and kindness
indicated by the letter from the commit
tee and the Mayor is a source of extreme
gratification to the admiral at this time,
! and he embraced the opportunity offered
by their request to reiterate his thanks
to the people who have stood by him in
i the face of criticism which has appeared
as a result of a. change in the title of the
property given by the American people.
"From every section of the country," he
says, "have telegrams and letters come to
me showing the good-will and kindness of
the American people. It is impossible for
mo to acknowledge each one of these com
■ munications individually, but I assure you
j that 1 am deeply grateful to their senders
; and appreciate their consideration. 1 am
I constantly receiving tokens of good-will
'. from the people, as you will see by look
ing around this room and seeing the beau
tiful things that have been tent to me. I
have been in my office all day long look-
Ing over the telegrams and letters which
have come. I don't care to make any ob
servations on the criticisms which have
> arisen as a result of the transfer of the
property other than those which I have
already given public expression to.
Enough has already been said, and I now
\ want to live quietly and peaceably."
DAMAGES TO THE SLOCUM
VERY CONSIDERABLE
An Expenditure of $2500 and One
Month's Time Will Be Required
to Repair the Transport.
ST. THOMAS. I). W. 1.. Nov. 23.-The
United States gunboat I'ncas has towed
the transport Blocum here from Fajardo,
a town on the east coast of Porto Rico,
where she was grounded for twenty-two
hours on Tuesday last.
The Blocum damaged her rudder and
bottom. ii»-ces?ltat!iig her docking here
for t mporary repairs. It will probably
rht "lii^s before the steamer can pro
th( United States. Permanent re
pairs will requlri- ,1 nvrtth to complete and
the cost is estimated at $2500.
Yvette Guilbert 111.
LONDON, Kov. 23.— A special dispatch
from Paris s:iys Vvette Gullbert, the
singer. Is seriously ill. and has been oper
ated upon for nephritis.
Mile. Ciuilbert's right kidney was extir
pated this morning. Th« operation was
quite successful.
RETURNS TO LIFE
AFTER FUNERAL
Peculiar Case of a Girl Wrjose
True Condition Is Discovered
in the Nick of Tiroe.
BOSTON", Nov. 23.— Fannie Alico Davis of the little village of Waterbury.
Vt., is thought to be in a cataleptic stat<\ She told her mother she wu f>ur
ferinp with a severe headache. Soon after the mother was horrified to lir.-l
the girl apparently dead. The Rev. Dr. 1.. K. WHman was notified and
prfarhod a funeral sermon over the supposed corpse. The body h .
pared for burial and the funeral was" held. Bef< re '!:•• COffln was c!"s^il. how-
BY« r. the father of the girl felt of her hands, and was surprised to liiid them
warm. A physician was summoned and an examination followed, the doctor
advising that the corpse should not be takt-n to the cemetery until after v. tfJfet
could be mode to ascertain whether the girl was really dead >>r merely In v
tranr<». The relatives and friends who had <"me to the house to attend the
funeral were asked to leave the room, ftfter which the physician made a care
ful examination of the body. The hands and the flrsh between the phouMer
blades was still warm, but in all other rcsptctl tho body Memed to be
death. The body is beinjr held for further developm
SAMOAN TREATY
IS DRAWN UP
Another Signed by Ger
many and England.
Special IMspat -h to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 23.— Two treaties
for the final partition of the Samoan Inl
ands have been drawn, and one of them
already has been signed. The main treaty
is trilateral in character, between the
United States, Great Britain and Ger
many, by which the territorial arrange
ment of the islands is fixed. It Is quite
brief, comprising only four or five articles,
tha essential features being that Great
Britain and Germany renounce all claims
in the island of Tutuila and the outlying
islands, which go to the United State",
and this Government and Groat Britain
renounce Interest in Upolu and Savftli.
which go to Germany. The present ex
: pectation is that this treaty will be signed
in Washington, in which case Secretary
Hay and Embassadors Pauncefote and
Yon Holleben will be the signatory par
ties, although '.t is still possible that the
execution of the document may occur in
London.
The second treaty is between Grett
Britain and Germany, and is longer an
the first, covering the rights and interests
In the Tonga and the Solomon Islands and
other settlements, brought about by the
Bamoan partition. The United States do<;s
not sign this treaty, and Is only indiffer
1 ently concerned. It is understood that this
collateral treaty has already been exe
cuted in Berlin, and that the signing of
the trilateral treaty will bring to a close
the negotiations for the division of the
I islands.
STABBED AND LEFT
DYING ON THE ROAD
TOMALES. Nov. 23. -Albert Williams, a
rancher living near this place, was
stabbed and probably fatally wounded
this afternoon by William Webb, a fish
peddler. Webb Is now in jail, but no
charge has been placed against him pend
ing the result of Williams' Injuries
The rancher left for Hamlet, three miles
distant, in a buggy. In company with his
assailant and ex-Constable Augostine
Oermeill, early this afternoon. All were
more- or less intoxicated. Half way be
tween hero and Hamlet a quarrel arose,
v liich terminated In the cutting affray
Williams was stabbed three times In the
side and then thrown out of the buggy by
his two companions and left for dead
He was picked up by a farmer and
, brought to town In a buggy. Medical
assistance wan rendered by Dr. Urban
Constable Glover went to Hamlet and
brought Germelli and Webb back. They
were placed in Jail, but will probably be
release.! on bail. Both men refuse to state
i the cause of the stabbing.
Y»i|. /c^sasrsV
jm All white shirts are not alike even if the price Is the |
11 same. Some $1.00 shirts will wear well, while others g
Hi will wear out. g
[p We have put so much goodness Into our white shirts |
El that we are very anxious that you know about it. , |
18 They come in short or long bosoms, open back or I
B open front and back; bosom, neck and wrist bands made
fli of 2100 linen, body of good Utica cotton, all hand-made H
9 buttonholes, back button with a cushion, re-enforced front SJ
|H and back; double sewed seams, continuous strip on front
H and back; neck sizes 14 to 18, sleeves 31, 32, 33, 34 §
II inches long. ■ For such a shirt we charge p
I (@t) S.W.WOOD gCO (^) I
11 Xgm^y Tie MARKET SX %
Big Out-of-town orders filled— writs us for %
K| our new illustrated catalogue No. 2. Xi »
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
FOR THE CURB OF GONORRHOEA.
Gleets, Stricture* . and analogous com-
pit' :ts of the organs of Generation.
Trice II a bottle. For sale by druggists.
Wilt's Indian Veptalile Pills
AUK ACKNOWLEDGED MS THOUSANDS
of persons who have used them {or forty
years to cure SICK HEADACHE. GIDDINE3b.
CONSTIPATION. Torpid Liver. Weak Stom-
ach, Pimples and pur.' 4 the blood.
UNABLE TO SAVE
THE CHARLESTON
A Partial Report From
Captain Leutze.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 23.-Th« foil
cablegram was received at the Navy De
from the con.
the I'nited States naval Station at
Cavlte, P. I.:
"CAVITE, Nov. 23-Charleston wrecke 1
November 2. Last seen N ::. un
der water from stem to smok<
-ful attempts I
her. U< ivy typaeon blnce. Expect
goa with later news. Officers and m.-n
all saved and well. LEI TZE."
The Culgoa is th^ simply ship which
sailed from !!■ ngki days agn
with R
Charleston. S!.- has undoubtealv a
at the scene of th.- wreck by thi
at the Navy ! • look
upon this report from Captain
dismissing the last hope of saving the
NEW WARSHIPS WILL
BE MONSTERS IN SIZE
WASHINGTON. Nov. 23-The Board of
Bureau «'hief*. under whoso recommen
dations the Secretary of the Navy ha->
drawn ills plans for the new naval con
struction which will be rtc:uinm..-nded to
Congi • itl!:-.i-.i in a vei
way the features of the eiglr-
Included In that programme. T!
armored cruisers are tet down as of 13.
&J0 t icement. They will b>j
in.arer 14,000 tons when completed, and
thus closely resemble the magnificent
Powerful class of ths British navy, it li
calculated
twenty-thri . .mill have
room for 1 — tons of coal, affording v
steaming radi'in far beyond the ordinary
range of armon The batteries
will consist of four twelve-Inch guns In
turrets for the main batteries and the
aiies Will oonslst chiefly of either
sis or seven inch guns.
The three protected cruisers recom
mended, though of the Olympla t-. ;
many respect.*, will be ]<»» tons "larger
'i be additional tonnage h to be ad
In coal capacity and Increased ban
r*pid-hre guns. Thetse vessels will fairly
bristle with .«lx-lnch guns.
The little :00-ti>ii gunboats are expected
much more serviceable craft than
the Helena tyi .. h the latter is
larger by several hundred tons. They
will draw about twelve feet of water at a
minimum.
Leipsic Professor Dead.
LHPBXC Nov. 23.— Professor Mlas
kowskl. who f.iled the chair of political
economy In the university here. Is dead.
I^BMsUzJ Fj fci Jit 'NJN J "l
Anatomical '«„ I '
Lecture £1.
Men at-.-l
women, know
the toss of
your aches
and pains-
know also
how to over-
eo m c them.
We will begin
with No. 1.
the head.
I'ulns in head,
(lull or throb-
Mnir, are the
result of too
little blood
(anaemia) or
too much
blood (conges-
tion) of th-»
train, due to
organic func-
tional . :.«iurb-
er.ee. HUD-
VAN regu-
lates the
amount cf
blood in
brain, brlng-
In g prompt
relief. Fig-
ures I anJ 3
Indicate the
Joints. Pain
in Joints, stiff-
ness of Joints,
swelling o f
Joints, are all
due to blooj
changes, usu-
ally acid con-
dition of tho
bloo.l. HUD-
YAN counter-
acts such
acids In the
M ■•>■!. an<l by
gently stimu-
lating the liv-
er and ki!-
w
m
61 U
6 / v
11 >■" 10 increased activity expels all .... urttiea
from the blood. Fl*. 4. tho sl.les. i'ain In
side; unually caused by KlutirUh liver or Imper-
f*ct heart's action. HL'DYAX strengthens both
tries* organs and stimulates them to perfect ac-
tlvity. stlv ** •»»■ *•**■ 6 and «. the limb*.
Achlns; .limbs, shootlnjt pains In llrr.bn. r.uy be
due to Mod rli.ii.L-«. same as fig. I; nerve-
weakness, however. Is often th» cause. In
either ca«e HUDVAN Is Indicated. HUDTAN
LrinKs immediate comfort.
HI'DYAN— All drujTKlsts: Vr a package, six
rßckas»>s-for $2.M. If your druFulst does net
,^r. .■:. "I- YAN **nd direct to the HUDTAN
HKMKm CO.. cor. Stockton. Ellla and Markt :
rtr»«"ts. San Fronrincn rr a \
CONSULT HfnTAN DOCTORS AnOT'T
VOIjn^CASE; FREE OF CHARGE. CALL OH
Send for eatiri jarisiof Anit»mie»l Lwtarsi— fne. .
FORTUNES
m OIL! |
I CONTINENTAL OIL AND
\ DEVELOPMENT CO. j
j (Incorpoated.)
I ONLY 6000 SHARES,
• x of which 1000 were put on ».h» |
I .: market and over half sold the first
, ! j ten days. j
. | ' This Is a genuine opportunity (or
j! an oil Investment. The Company
| owns by United States patent i
: . five twenty-acre tracts In the i
; \ "OIL BASIN,"
I 1 \ Kings County, the richest oil bear- j
i > Ings in th« entire belt. 5
t ' "We have made arrangements for v
, . ) the latest Improved machinery and H
A will shortly be boring for ■ •:. it 9
i ' v% which time stock cannot be bad at «
'< any price. fl
; i NO ASSESSMENTS. i
'I J AE. RUDELL. Sec. H
. ! !j 223 Bansome street. |
| | WILLIAM CORBIN. Pres, t<
EUGENE FIELD'S POEMS,
A $7.00 BOOK.
The Book of the Century. Handsomely
Illustrated by thirty-two of tbe World's
Greatest Artists.
GIVEN FREE
I to each person Interested In subscribing
I to the Eugene FUld Monument Souvenir
I Fund. £übacrib« any amount dealred.
I gubscriptlons as low at fl will entttU
donor to this daintily artistic volume
"FIELD FLOWERS"
(rloth bound, till), as a certificate of sub-
scription to fund. Book contains a selec-
tion of Field's beat and most representa-
tive works and Is ready for delivery.
But for the noble contribution of th-
world's irreatest artist* this book could not
have b*en manufactured for less than $:.
The Fund created Is divided equally be-
tween the family of tb» late Kuitene Field
and the Fund for th* bullrttnr of a monu-
ment to the memory of the beloved poet
rf childhood. AAAr»mm
EUGENE FIELD MONUMENT 800VENIS fUSD
180 Monroe St., Chlca&o.
(Also at Book Btores.)
If you also wish to send postage. tneloM
I 10 cent*.
Mention this Journal. as Adv. is inserted v
our Contribution.
FOR SALE!
»7*3 acres of choice rraln land In Cblusa
County, five miles eaat of ArbuckU. The laM
If all reclaimed and absolutely protected by
Independ-nt leve-s from fl >od waters. Th*
yield for the past season Wai over 13 sacks of
wheat p<?r pi-re.
Improvements consist of a fine two-story
. dwelllnK with hot and cold wat'r throughout.
three large barns and well*
Th* land Is assessed for tffl.OOQ. The tmproTe-
ments are Insured for 112.104.
For further Information apply to
J. DALZELL BROWN. .Manner.
CALIFORNIA SAFE DEPOSIT AND TRUST
COMPANY.
Montgomery and California -=■• . San Francisco.
a^VITALIS
%.^Mtf/UW / r^ THE NEW
m d.t. 6-*sJfm. < | c m CD C M l^ II
tiror i«h D. y . «i»-^jy^ !L rncnuiiii
VITALIS SolllD * r *— & REMEDY..
Rk^l'LTS. ltquick])rA>ar«l]rr*mo*nsfrvoatD*(t. Lmhi, Irit
llr-tu i.Hittin* I):** ne* A ail »!?»eta • f i«lf-%ba«. «r tirtuti A
ir I.«.ft!m.t R'tt-r.« I, -t V.t»;.tj. rawer - r«ilia« X*morr
Wirtt off Is«MUt* anrt Coniamptien. Ciat* when »:i o->..r. ! ■ :
Ini:«l on hi< r.« VII U.l*. no other. r»n I • t.rr.l in > - .:
p.ekrt. By m.!l 41.00 i-r v ,ck*f cr tU for (b.OO - tr .
l U \l.v"lf.T*Ci:n X <">.. ««: ... (hies**.
liolil m imn rs menu uul (kklul by iha Owl Onf Co.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT ak-iTOXU.rVfE. IMTKMMssV
1 tor and Nervine.
. Th* most wcnderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonlo for the Sexual Organs of both saxes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the KM-
cey. and Madder. Bells on Us own Merits
NABER. AI.FB & HRl;ne Agents.
123 Market street. 8. F.— (Send for Circular.)
tIERCES
FAVORITE
SCRIPTION
|& FOR WEAK WO MEN.
REYNOLD'S
1 1 Ssssif ic
fiOUTIiI
ySSsrr \l_st/ \izj7 ta cnnftnetl by
Gout or Rheumatism, If on the approach
of tin- piinixyatn they have recourse to 1: •:•. rem-
edy ; then, a single do» e U often sufilcienc
IS. k'UI'UUIU A CO., 30.30 S, William SU.y.x.CALDWELL GIVEN
A LOVING CUP
Citizens of Quincy Honor (Admiral
Dewey's Flag Secretary
and Aid.
KANT HARRY CAJJDWBLI*
Qf.INCY. Nov. 3.— Lieutenant Harry raid well Admiral Dewey's flag sec
retary *i- 1 aid, was banqueted here To-night and was presented with a mag.
.nlftcent 1< t.r.g cup of solid silver and grold. standing eighteen Inches
:hlch. Lr*.itexu.nt Caldwell arrived home at 13 a. m. He was m^t at the
station by two trass bands. th« Qu!ncy contingent of the Naval Reserves, a
rr.ilijua cocpar.j and a large number of citizens, who escorted him to the home
i>f *,•.!» mother. Th« buildlrg^along^the^ln** of march were handsomely deco
n/:«*d la bis hcrcr aid ch«rs and waving flags gre«ted^iJm^aTong^tlie entire
*- ■ • #
• ■ **** ***
Or.ly a f«-rv ??ars ipo Lieutenant CaKw^ll was a carrier on the Qu'.ncy Herald.
He was artist *d to Annapolis, and though but 14 year? of age at the time,
pc«^»-tl pplendJ exaaizauons against thirty older competitors.
I II -EES
"EN TO DEATH
Very Mrstf:icu* Horrible Crime
Startles the Residents of
Williaaisport.
LIAMSPORT. '/a.. Nov. r..-The
- f a woman and
«* cfcildr-r. »^r* Cooad this even
*icir hiirn* :n a «na!l farm about
wn of Montgomery, this
■ • r left here at mid
- « cf the tragedy. l>e-
A short Xtaie j«o % peddler named Hum
.- *l<Jow of a farmer and
: Itt^-e mith her on the
• irn Th* wi.i-.'W had three children.
. * t w-«-ek neighb-jrs passing th*
■d that there were no Pigns of
itlon Ac Investigation was made
te '-dA: . and to the horror of the in
■ *'.citor>- the bodl*« of two of the chll
:rr. w^re found hidden beneath a «traw
f*A<-k. Or. KTjlr;g into the hou«e the lo
• -tlgatori Sound the bodle* of the moth
• - and the other child lying In the <=!*-^p
irjf apartment. Iltimmel wa^ ««»<?n at
Montifomery featerdar. but nothing Is
known of his whereabouts fir.re then.
The bodle* were horribly mutilated, the
murderer evidently having u.«el a club In
hts n>rj«i f .j6h crime
Mn». Huram»l> nan» h^for* <hf* recent
ly rr.KTT\r<*. ».w Olive I^lir.ey. She wa.«
about S> v#«r< t't a*e fT:n-.rr.«''> are Is
Tv>twe*n "• and 55 year? lh» CT:ple were
rsarrled un November 10. Mr*. H^mmel's
Cr«t ht»!»n<3 died abo-j: six mor.rhs ago.
• : • -•» 1$ j» yd notrir* of the murderer.
Detroit Goes to Colombia.
■ ■
■
Ynr irlnd to buy gwjds for cash, t 0 go where every dollar will do its
wsrk aid :o it well. The world it turning joyfully to this plan of buy-
iM% fanrilv supplies and finds it pays. Better goods, better service and
letter prices. Compare them.
THINGS TO EAT.
ATTJ-E ntTTT.n-In bunt th!« we*lc.
H4rjt old-rxrtt sied I.'c
UI^E Jir.AT-lloT.» mad-. New England
m&*. la iuU Cita »*-k to try *°*
HAJFINS— raw? ClaM^r. de*»>rt. Ib 124 c
rf*ebed *»~t:**t fuitana*..". T4c
criUVtrrP— DobMsur' Par.ra Paula Fancr.
rfro^ and »b.>*.in». t»v ISe
iIfNGE MARMALAKE— Pur» Food. Unre
] I r». fine to t»nipt y,ur a;>p»tlte, our own
• r<. clean lOc
Jl MA WAFER.*— t'e^k-Frean I Co..
1 rii lt»h. da.lr.ty anl AeUdoom, !b". Tsc
;• iK Oll^— Crrw G+ Luxe, our pet- . •
rtid. n^r»» is w >rld f»ttfr. >w compare
111 tt. tht* w»*k 75c
?!Y->">N MARAVIIJ.A— T sr«-t plantation
fi;-T'. '.*:•». :t »: • ur a ,.t#t«
>«*. mrulmr fl. thin w«*ffc wOe
UINUUET OitFFEE— r»cr i-\ b>r.l. the~
I .-h«*TT:laJi Cavor. rr-r. Sir. th!< m-»k "Me
3»' 'MANGnU-DN— A fin* Gelatine 1 fcr"-5c
;IM>Y-W« nvaie It dally, pur-, not a
t\- »■ I cay» old oa «ale. ptic*s be-
|f» exc'.asiT* dealer*-, quality ruarasteed
•^•ial to «ajr; our Me quality French
*.!X*d
t ifcstt'TYtipa. dellclcan -'"■
' »xr. • Taffy. £=». 2 I!^« \\ f^- o
[ BtsC<4 Date*. t*aery I"";i.-.c
' W*.'.:. .'. Creajr.«. fan<-v -_
M'li-.»«, Prppennlist* '""i%f
UmTi u-ib box. fancy JU,.
Bt I tn Whole vrh-it. M ib«. T-c
lAM.s--.tc»l«tor. finejrt Ea»t<rn... " 12. '
»JL\T>.K»i- Padlock. J-lb •oit.i. niw" ' i(K
.TKINO 3EANS-l»an Jo»e rack*4 n ; w
tia ' ' !»«•
iPIUr. T5-ColambM!. Table. Ivib'Yln'" i-.c
'Rl'N'F.i-FancT Sarato«a. «!x» O». 4 ibi' Sr.r
•Fin^-Dert new Citron. Lessen. Onr'iJ' TT J .c
Ri«'r^'. plain, net candled Ma
rKACKERS-Portlaad. lib cartm.' extra
*»2*» • 1
rVartlasd. '• ca*r». * X tra S.ida*.. -»:tl I
PortUnd. »% rase*, extra Sod»»... ""-'" 4.-.C '
C-^I»ANIT-S CL S . Bn-«t. 1-lb ' ' * 1 r.o
n-i'.t Ilaklrjt. I •»» P * .V-* c !
rc*f*«»-C^pSN Earle. ur styto^nFSe
IAXED BZASar-fim Eajrtem. new. 3-!b
tin* ..
He
11EE5E— Tender. Celldoua. 6wt»a.*"slfb
Usa - fl^O
GOVERNOR AND MILITARY
AUTHORITIES CLASH
Nebraska's Executive Says That the
Shooting of a Deserter Was
Not Justified.
LINCOLN. Nebr.. Nov. 3.— Governor
PoyntT to-day formally called the atten
tion of Attorney Getural Smith to the
killing last Friday tn Sarpy County, some
m!l«-» from Fort Crook, of a deserting
eoldler named Morgan by a corporal and
private *»r.t to arrest him. Thtr Governor
says the killing was not Justified and
take* Is^ue with the authorities of Sarpy
County, who dlsmifsed the cast against
the flayers on the gTOund that they are
not amenable to civil law. Governor
Poynter maintains that the deserter was
outside the juiisd'ctlon of the fort when
killed and that civil law takes prece
dence. The Attorney General will Inves
tigate
National Grange Adjourns.
■
■ ■
*■••-••
mv» .1 • - for th< elec
com-
r to i
in «m«»r.il-
T
• -
-
Canton Railway Deal Closed
■
en brought
SHOES.
JSchocl Phoe». etotJt irraln. S to r-j »y, P
ScV>ol Fhoe*. «<rat rraln. 7to S \[ 75,.
School Fhoe*. »tact irraia. 84 to We «i'.im»
Pchcol Fhct*. blrifer rSrU. II to 1.... «1.«H»
Ladies' Fine KU She*» .!!!#l!.-.O
Laileji' Chocolate I.i - Shoes !1!!'i»1*Im)
Kan*'' Tlrped Sho*«. ;», to 7 91*4"
Special offertnif» to-day in Ladies" and Cfcu"
dr»n ■ Shoe* of rood value.
Orer«hoe« fcr pJr!<i lo< . t, »oo
Over*boe« for ladle# l.'c to •■•«
Over*ho»* for tig boy» " rjji
We are well «ock«J with Rubber" FWwV*^
at none? -saving prtee». nr
UNDERWEAR.
Special banrmir Men* Winter Wright rr*r
*** Mirr.pl«» In the window, at 75« per rait
CHRISTMAS.
Complete am of Toy» fpr th- little f O ! kt
Remember this when read- place your order!
BOOKS.
O«r line of Fine Bound Book* at'lSe also
Gilt Top i:m< • at 2."ic, la quite con's'tt.
Several hundred tlUei. j
CASH STORE
THE BIG STORE AT THE FERRY,
25-27 Market St.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 24. 1899.
DERVISHES UNDER FEDIL
DEFEATED BY WYNGATE
Charged to Within a Few Yards of the Guns
and Retreated, Leaving Hundreds Dead
and Dying on the Field.
CN'ov. 22.— General Wyngate. with an Egyptian force, moved from Fakikohl yesterday to attack the force
: jrted to b* ai X"S^a. twenty-three miles from the River Nile, on the road to Gemel. The Sirdar,
G<r:.*-*r>: X: - . bener • 'rapheo' to I»rd Cromer. as follows:
"OMDIRMAN. Not X — Wyngate found KeAssa evacuated, pished on to Abriaadil. four miles farther, and found
a fr.r'-e • Th^y were forthwith engaged by the mount.-.] roops under Mahon. with torn M I ! two gun*
and the J.*hadi»»h u-. _•'. The lietltwhea charged with all th^ir ol«l dash to within eighty yards of the guns. Wyn
gate. with the infantry, arriv-d In time to support Mahon and cleared the whole camp. The oVrvishes bolted through the
• •• ■ : tad tf pi i w.ac estimates Fedll's force at 25»X' men, of whom 400 Kt-r<r Id agate cap
; - grain, rifies ar.d spoars. The Egyptian casualties were three wounded."
PREPARING FOR
HOBART'S FUNERAL
♦
Favorite Hymn to Be
Rendered.
»
SERVICES WILL BE SHORT j
PRAYERS BY THE BLIND CHAP
LAIN OF THE SENATE.
•
Pall-Bearers Will Be Those Selected
by the Vice President Himself (
During His Last
Illness.
♦
Special Dispatch to The Ca.lL
Weary hands, oh weary hands,
Resting now from life's en
deavor —
From the conflict.
From the fever,
Peaceful lying where ye fell.
Oh. folded hands, farewell,
farewell.
(First itar^j of potm to bt sung at Hobsrt's
fufurjl.)
NEW YORK. Nov. .— President Mc-
Kinloy. the members of his Cabinet and
th- Judges of the Supreme Court of the
United States will arrive at Paterson Sat
urday for the purpose of attending the
funeral of the late Vice President Hobart.
Colonel Richmond Bright, serpeant at
arms of the Senate, arrived at Paterson
to-night for the purpose of making ar
rangements fcr their reception. A special
train bearing the members of Congress
will also arrive at Paterson at 1:10 p. m.
Tht ' Ball, the
Pi t, will be
: Dg
£«ip«ir«*'aßd pMLyer^oinpletir.g the pro
gramme'there. The service at the Church
of the Redeemer will occupy less than an
hour. Rev. Dr. Magic will preaah and
prayers will be offered by Rev. Dr. Mil
burn, the blind chaplain of the Senate,
and Rev. Dr. Shaw of Paterson.
While the Orpheus Club was rehearsing j
to-day the music for the funeral a request |
came" from Mr*. Hobart for a sub^tltu- )
tlon ot the hymn "Nrurer. My God. to i
The*"." This was Mr. iiobari's favorite, j
It was rehearsed to an adaptation by Pro- !
fessior Wiske similar to that given at the j
:•„!.• . i.w.- of G«-i;eral Grant. General L.<j~ \
gan and President Gartield and at the j
aedtcatlon of Grant's tomb.
Tht- poem, th- first stanza of which ap- !
pear? at the head of this dispatch, will be I
produced to music by Chwalpal. The !
words are considered sinjrulariy apt to !
Mr. Hobart' s life in public and to his per- '
sonal relations.
Vice President Hotart during the long
illness preceding his d*-uth selected his>
pallbearers. The following persons are
believed to have b^t-n designated to act
In this capacity: Judge J. Franklin F^rt
of Newark. Franklin Murphy of N«-w«,.k,
E. T. Bell of Paterson. Colonel ... A.
Barbt-r of Paterson. George Wurts. Sec
retajry of State of New Jersey, and Col
onel Joseph \V. Congdon of the caff of
Governor Voorheea of New Jersey.
All the Federal Government ottlces in
the financial district of New York City
vn\\ be closed on Saturday as a mark of
rcspeot to the late Vice President. It is
also expected that a number of the busi
ness exchanges will close in consequence
of the funeral.
• : •
N. J.. m*: •
• J*>r
-
for l Liter < ■>m
rallr In
In Paterson to . -. to visit
ors. • • - . will enter
pan • . -
The Presidential party and all the other
mourners will take part in the religious
services only.
The Passalc County Democratic Com
mittee has adopted the following resolu
tion, drafted by William B. Gourley.
chairman of the New Jersey Democratic
Committee:
"The Passaic County Democratic Execu- !
tive Committee desires to express upon
the records of this body our det»p r^gr^t
in common with the country at the d*ath
of Garret A. Hobart as a leader of the '
Republican • in this county for many 1
years, and 13t«"r of the State. IN* was a
splendid organizer, of consummate tact,
and a leader of uncommon resources. He
was ever the gentleman. No campaign
was ever lowered when he l«tl it. He was
a manly ami straightforward opponent.
He adorned every station. In his high of
fice he borr himself as one born to it.
Paterson lost h«*r most distinguished
friend. We Join in the general sorrow. !
Honor to his memory and peace to his
aj*h-*."
Two companies of regular troops will
reach Paterson on Saturday morning.
Th«»y will b«» met by local military officers
and escorted to the armory, which ha*
been assigned to their use by order of
Brigadier General Campbell, commanding
the First Regiment, of which the Pater
son soldiers form a part.
During the pa.vir.g of the funeral pro
cession from Carroll Hall to the church
the soldiers will be stationed at Intervals
and a dot.-iil will be stationed at the
church. The police will form a line out
side the line of soldiers to hoi.] the crowd
In check.
The different clubs and organizations
and the houls will care for the guests.
The citizens' committee, of which Mayor
Hlnchllffe Is the head, will look after this i
part of the work. The Senators, members
of Congress, officials of this and other
State* and other prominent men will be
entertalmd .-it th«» Hamilton Club.
The funeral of Vice President Hobart
promtses to t«rin^ together the largest
gathering of distinguished men that has
over occurred in this part of the country-
Those in charge of the arrangements are
constantly notified from all parts 'the
country which are near enough to allow
travelers to reach Paten«on In time of the
coming of prominent individual*. With
the head of the nation. hi personal ad
visers, a majority of the Senate and a
large portion of the Hou*e present, as
well as the Supreme Court, many Gov
ernors ar.d thousands of other men whoM
names are familiar all over the country.
the gathering of Saturday afternoon in
the black-draped city of Paterson prom
ises to be a famous one.
The n*-ar approach of the opening of
Congress contributed largely to this. Men
from the far We«t were either on their
ay to Washington or eL«e were almost !
ready to start, and Mr Hobart's «l«-ath
appear* to have caused them to hasten. '
and the resultant gathering will accord- j
lnelv include men from all the States.
GOVERNOR'S PROCLAMATION.
Symbols of Mourning to Be Exhib- j
ited on Saturday.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. -The Governor
to-day issued the following proclamation:
Executive Department. Sacr»ai«nto, Cal., j
Nov. 23.— T0 the People of Cmilfornta:
Wj!»!>*.«, The nation ha* ruttaJned a tad and :
Irreparable locs by the death of the Hon. Gar- j
rett A. Hobart. Vice Pr**ideat of the United
Elates of America, whose xsany «i!it.scuiaae4 i
service* as a public offlr*r and high personal
worth and integrity as 1 citizen have endeared
him to the hearts of the American .pi-, and
Whereas. Saturday. November V,. 1534. has
been set apart for th* funeral services; there
fore, la testimony of the sorrow of oar people
for the death of the Illustrious American. I
recommend that all State offices be closed upon
the m.i day of the funeral, and I direct that
the national Bog be displayed at haif-ma?t upon
mi day. from sunrise to sunset, upon all State
public baUdingrs and upon all armories of the
National Guard of the State of California: and
I further direct that the ensign and union jack
be displayed at half-mast on said day. from
eunr!.«« to sunset, upon all vessels belonging to
the State and upen all vessels at the State Na
val Militia.
In ■aritn»*« whereof. I have hereunto set my
hand and caused -he great seal of this State
to be hereunto afflxe^. this twenty-third day of
November. A. D. ;-»;..
HENRY T. GAGE.
Governor State of California.
Attest:
C. F. CURRY. Secretary of State.
ORDERS AT MARE ISLAND.
Flags Will B? Displayed at Half-
Mast and Work Stopped.
VAI.I.Ki". Nov. 3.— The following or
der was to-day issued at Mare Island and
similar ones will be Issued by command
ants of every naval station In the United
States:
"MARE ISLAND NAVY-YARD. Nov.
23. li?.*— Out of respect to the memory of
Vice President Garret A. Hobart it is
directed that on Saturday Nov. 23. ISIO.
the n&tlonal ensign will be displayed at
half-mast in this navy-yard and on all
vessels in commission from S a. m. until
sunset. Nineteen minute guns shall be
tired at noon on that date and all officers
shair wear the usual badge of mourning
on the left arm and sword hilt for a
period of thirty days.
"By direction of the honorable Secre
of the Navy, John D. Long.
LOUIS KEMPFF.
"Rear Admiral. U. S. N.. Commanding
Mare Island Navy-yard and Station."
As a further mark of respect there will
be no work done on Mare Island Satur
day.
REWARD FOR LEE
AND WHEELER
Will Be Made Regular
Officers.
'
Special D;«p*tch to The CalL
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLING- :
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON. Nov. 23 — !
There are s<>od reasons for believing that
President MrKinley will reward three dis
tinguished volunteer officers now In the
service by appointing and retiring them
with th 9 rank anl pay of brigadier gen
eral of the rijrular army. These oiHcers
are General Joseph Wheeler, General ,
Fitzhugh Lee and Genera! James Wilson.
The appointments of Generals Wheeler
and Lee will be particularly pleasing to
the South, and will doubtless be accepted
generally as another evidence of the Pres
ident's desire to deal liberally with the
ex-Confederate generals who so promptly
came to the nation's deicn«e, and thus j
wi;>e out all traces of sectionalism grow- j
itig out of the rebellion.
While there is no specific law permit- i
ting the ap;>ointment of volunteers to
brigadier generalships In the regular
army, there is nothing in the statutes to
prohibit it. The popularity of the Ocen
it is believed, will assure confirmations of
their nominations if sent to the Senate,
and in this way their appointments will
be legalized anil they will t>e permitted to
enjoy a liberal pension for the rest of
their lives. It Is understood that the
President has delayed tilling the existing
vacancies In the icra<le cf brigadier gen
eral largely through his rt^slre to provide
for these three ottlcors in the manner in
dicated. The appointments will not be
made until some time in January, when
another vacancy aril occur by the retire
ment of General Anderson. By this lime,
the authorities believe that reduction In
the volunteer command will be in order,
and It is probable that vacancies in the
grade of brigadier general will be utilized
as a channel through which several de
1 serving officers In the regular service, as
well as the three volunteer generals
named, will find their way to th*» retired
list of the regular army. Eventually it Is
proposed to reward Generals \oung.
Lawton .if.l Arthur with higher com
missions than they now hold In the regu
lar establishment.
TOMMY BRITTON SOLD.
E. A. Lord of Chicago Pays 820.003
for the Famous Stallion.
NEW YORK. Nov. 21.— The attendance
was the largest on the fourth day of the
Fasl?-Lipton horse sale in Madison
Square Garden to-day. The great fea
ture was the sale of the stallion. Tommy
Bntton. by Liberty Bell-Keepsake. " He
was sold to E. A. Lord of Chicago for
S29.'mX>. When this was announced the
garden resounded with applause. Tommy
P.rltton was foaled in ISH3. He was bred
by Thomas Britton of Glen View. Ky.,
and is the winner of nineteen eats in
letter than 2:19. He Is the world's r;i*ni
plon stallion for three heats— 2:o>*;. 2:oS*i
and 2."« t -«. He Is the winner of twenty
two races, was three times second. tw<ce
third and twice fourth, out of thirty-two
starts in races.
There were five bidders for the horse
and the bidding went In ISO Jumps. «-x
c*pt-nc one $100" bid. from $IS.OX> ta JU -
COO. Th» best sales to-day were:
A-tillo. trial 2:124- b. g.. I*l*4. oon*'srn 1
by estate of S. A. Paddock, sold to Daniel
liahnney of Portsmouth. N. H., VMOt.
Tigei. trial 2:l(s**. g. p., I«<s. consigned
by estate of P. A. Paddock,, sold to J. T.
pijige of Brooklyn. lI2CO.
Manor C. 2:lu pacer, b. m . I>*>;}. con
fi«n»»<. by W. M. Boyleston. sold to John
i!e*ghar>of Boston, JU.'jO.
KID MCOYS CONDITION.
Health of the Pugilist Not So Bad as
Was Reported.
NEW YORK. Nov. —At the home of
Kid McCoy, the fighter, at White Plains.
N. V.. to-night, it was said that the pugi
list was not in as serious a condition as
had been reported In .'ew York. He had
recently consulted a physician and he had
been advised to refrain from severe train-
Ing for a few weeks and to take a com
plete rest from conditioning work. It
appears to be the opinion of his friends
here that his present trouble resulted
from too constant training and that he
ha« not taken sufficient rest between his
lights.
May Build a Hotel.
I ' s . • r >• capital
ists have c tT«?r»>d tv build a new hotel if
t F Bwrns, lessee of the Hotel Julian
of this city. will agre*- to mar.ago It K»
ha* the proposition und»r cor.sidf-ratio n
If he concludes to accept it he will not
-ction with the
Julian.
No Trouble Over Samoa.
FKRLIN N-n 23. -The Post to-dar
says that the American assertions ih,t
1 i-tw-cn the I'nlted States and
Germany respecting Samoa still exl»t
are inexact. It adds that the territorial
demarkation Is so pr«.<ise that difficulties
are scarcely possible.
METCALF OFFERS
HIS RESIGNATION
Too Many Scandals in
Dental Board.
OTHERS MAY FOLLOW HIM
MAJORITY AGREED TO DROP
OUT SIMULTANEOUSLY.
Metcalf Became Tired of Waiting for
the Others to Act and Tendered
His Itesignation to the
Governor.
>
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 23.— The scandal
in the State Board of Dental Examiners
reached a culmination this afternoon, at
least in so far as one of its members Is
concerned, since Dr. F. H. Metcalf of
Sacramento notified the Governor that
his resignation was in his hands. In re
sponse to a request to-night for a state
ment for The Call Dr. Metcalf said that
he could no longer remain on the board
and retain his self-respect.
Governor Gage left the city this after
noon and It Is not known that he ex
pressed himself as to the disturbances
which occasioned Dr. Metca'.f's resigna
tion. It had be*-n expected that Dr. Met
calfs rej-iznation would be simultaneous
with that oi other members of the board,
who had expressed dissatisfaction with
the manner to which the good name of
the membership as a whole had become
Involved, but the act of Dr. Metcalf to
day is taken as evidence that he became
tired of the delay and decided to bring
things to a point at once. It was sup
posed that Dr. P. F. Tebbets would also
present his resignation, but there i* as
yet no positive indication that he has any
such intention.
SaIdLrFJJ. Metcalf jo reporter oi
The call to-night: "1 have no personal
animosity toward Dr. Tebfcets*. and am
sorry to be obliged to resign, as the ap
pointment was a pleasant recognition
coming from the chief executive- but i
! could not do otherwise and retain my self
i respect. After our troubles at the exam
ination of applicants for certirtcares in
August last, ending In a personal quarrel
between Dr. Cranz and Ur. Yebbets the
latter told me that he would resign, gtvlng
me his word as a fellow practitioner and
brother Elk that he would do so by Sep
tember 1 He failed to keep his word
I wrote to another member of the board lv
reference to the matteV. but before I re
ceivetl a reply the newspapers had gut
hold of the affair and it became common
property. I certainly could not blame Dr.
Tebbeta for not resigning then. The mat
ter was taken up by the Governor, who
referred It to the Attorney General, and
his r«»ply. leaving the matter with the
board, has been published.
V? 0 /"/ :hr ** c weeks ago a meeting was
i called for the purpose of making an mves-
I tigation into the charges against Dr Teb
bets. Witnesses had been notlried to be
present, but none appeared, with the ex-
I ceptJon of a Chinese, who claimed, when
i questioned, to have no knowledge of the
I matter one way or the other, arid Dr. W
[ C. King of San Francisco, to whom the
i Armenian who had made m- of the
I charges had related his story. A depo«i
! tlon from this Armenian was "also at hand
i The other witnesses who had been direct
1 ed to appear not having done so. the
. meeting was adjourned to enable further
: efforts to be made to secure their attend
; ance. The meeting following was held
last Saturday nisrht. and. the witnesses
i still not appearing. It was voted that the
; evidence was not sufficient to substantiate
; the charges, and the matter was dropped
; It was generally understood at that time
i that a majority of the board would re
! sign."
EMPEROR WILLIAM
SHOOTS WITH WALES
Joseph Chamberlain, the Colonial Sec
retary. Has an Interview With
the German Ruler.
WINDSOR. England. Nov. Emperor
William, the Prince of Wales, the Duke
of Connau^ht and Prince Christian of
Schleswig-Hol«tein shot in the great park |
this morning, near Cumberland I»dge.
where they lunched. The two young Ger
man PrincL-s visited the houses of Parlia
ment in I»ndon in the fcrenoon. There
was a strictly family dinner at the Castle
this evening, but tin- Queen wa« not pres
ent, owing to the death of the Prince>s of
Lelnlng»*n. For the same reason th*» mili- 1
tary band ■ ill not play at the castle dur
ing the remainder of the imperial visit.
The Secretary of State for the Colonies.
Joseph Chamberlain, arrived at the cas
tle on a riying visit during the day. which.
in view of hi* recent visit to Ha'.Aeld
House, the residence of the Premier. Is
causing much srwculation. Mr. Chamber
lain, immediately after his arrival, inter- j
viewed Count yon HatzMdt-WUdenburg:. I
the German Ambassador. subs*»quently
conferrlng with Count yon Bulow, the
German Minister of Foreign Affairs. Em- 1
peror William, on his return from shoot
ing. BUMBO Count yon Hatzfeldt to a
long audience.
Mr. Chamberlain returned to London
without seeing the Queen, who was out
driving. Mr. Chamberlain also had an
interview with Emperor William.
KENTUCKY'S RECOUNT
HAS BEEN COMPLETED
Democrats Seeking to Have the Vot*
of Louisvill* Thro^rn Out Al
leging Intimidation.
LOUISVILLE. Ky.. Nov. 23.— The last
of the official returns have now been cer
tified by the County Boards of Canvass
ers, and probably within a week the
State Election Commissioners at Frank
fort will begin their task of determining
which ticket was elected November 7
The Jefferson County canvassers to-day
heard argument of counsel on a motion to
throw out the vote of the city of Louis
ville on the ground of alleged Intimidation
by soldier* who were called out by Gov
ernor Bradley on election day. Th«» Re
publicans took the ground that the board j
had no Jurisdiction, being empowered
simply to count and tabulate the votes.
This view was sustained, and the mitter '
now go«s to the State Election Board,
vhere no doubt the motion of the Demo
crats will be renewed. A number of ad
ditional Indictments were returned to-day
by the Federal Grand Jury against al
leged violators of election laws.
THE GALLINGER CASE.
S5-The Civil
Service <">.mmiss4on has adopted t. k
port of the sub-comrr. -
-trges of political awesumi-nis pre
ferred against Senator Galiinger or
Hampshire, and has • - - r all
the papers In the cas«* to the Attorney
General. He will determine whether this
is sufficient evidence to bring the case be
foro the Grand Jury at Concord. t
INDIANS WANT
THEIR TOTEM POLE
Steamer City of Seattle Libeled
and Trouble ir) Store for
Excursionists.
SEATTLE. Nov. 23.— st»ara-«nlp Cottage City arrived from Alaskan
ports to-day, and bfftags news that complications have resulted at Ju
n*au due to the appropriation last summer by a party of excursionists of an
Indian totem pole. Th*- steamer City of Seattle, which carricu the excursion
party, has been libeled at Juneau. It is said by the officers of the Cot tax*
City that announcement will be made by the next steamer that all the mem
bers of the excursion party have been Indicted.
On the trip along the coast of Alaska a number of the excursionists landed
at a debited Indian vltiage In the mi hours of the morr.lns and chopped
down a monster totem pole. Tti* pole was brought back to Seattle and erected
there as a trophy of the excursion. ! *ne chief of the tribe which had occupied
the village claims to have owned the totem pole, and has been endeavoring for
MOM time to secure Its return. lie has been unsuccessful to far. and dm cow
re-orttd to le»al method*.
ALASKA'S GOVERNOR
PLEADS FOR STATEHOOD
In His Annual Report Gives the Gold
Export for Various Places,
Nome's Quota Being
51. 500. 000.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 23.— Governor
P.rady of Alaska in his annual report
pleads for Statehood. Government estab
lishment and the operation of cable and
telegraph lines and ihe persistent brand-
Ing if female seals and the cessation of
killing them for at least ten years. An
appropriation of $11«).«»> is asked for a
penitentiary and suitable public buildings
at Si;.- The Governor says that to pre
serve the seals the t'nited. States should
own a property right In the seals and
brand the letters "U. S."" four Inches
leng on every female seal, thus spoiling
them for fur seals, this branding to be
done by a force of experts to be sent out
by the Government with the latest elec
trical appliances. The gold export sum
mary for the season follows:
Eagle City and Forty-mile Creek dis
trict. fn».'>»>; Birch Creek and its tribu
taries south of the Yukon. W.V>.QOO: Hoo
?!t and othT T»eks about Rampart City.
E&.OOO; Cape Nome district. 11,500.000.
SUBCOMMITTEES OF
INDUSTRIAL COMMISSION
Sent Out to Chicago. St. Paul. Los
Angeles. Portland. San Fran
cisco and Tacoma.
WASHINGTON M - :"■ - Indus
ed to*
• •
B ' and one • •
. -
• Th-
I ■ - ■■ oeet at
Los \ . - -
BdiH sfr S' f ' > M'-J^ tt 1 * became 'V^Bfc»?v a /g*T>^*^\ >»//,>J
|ul I' you u-ant a b!u; «=::?: $uit we cm t:t you cut nicrly fcr R'\^
SryyyK 5i0.00. S^m- we rr.aJe our<?lv;5 — :olor will remain blue from fvvl
B\u« first to i-t. 'h' c ' o:n Is of firm trxtur -- the raakln? will stini iJ : \\\H
Will I* you have n^v-r cv :ht h?re we are willing that your :t>: (rt]}|l2
jh lKfl worth In th;m as we a-: crrtain tnar thry ar; <u!t?. J //JQ
'JJrS Made of rerr- •- from our tailoring departm?n — * they E?lyf
gK^g -re maJe in tne u*uil manner from material* selected '-- :h;
\SM purpjse, the prices would be $i.co. $1.25 «n i li.'z ; pants are Q •//
jiS>29 lined, strong waistbands well mid?, a^es 3 to 14 years. ?i //>
11 |H SH - wo 0 D &CO (|j|) ||
■S\B Out-of-town order* filled— write as fcr our new t"mtrated cataloc*. No.t 1 If)
-*sv#
viarr DR. JORDAN'S grcatJ
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
13R 1U2ZR a. Jr. fti*» 17 CU. i
ti!f Tb« L»f;-<* Aut«icU Vu«:ti la list T
f^Vj^ Wcrid. c • l*« COM. *Ny cuitTKt-d m
gal lipeculiacs tkaCouc Em. 3677V* O
(f I CR. JORDAM-PHJYATE DISEASES 4
* I ,■• nt-M l<n vl , " by l*htt. A §
II 4> w r(r ( n,.*. peii.osui-o v > t i
, ▼ itMaucc. M4iud paca. . A f
4 /I «■" ■>*■ Iwfc far m*> .
PR_JOBD.4.>- ACO . »'. Martet St-.fl. F. r
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
POLLAKVIRAG TELEGRAPH
MEETS EXPECTATIONS
Experiments Conducted Wherein
155.000 Words Were Sent in
One Hour Orer a Loop.
CHICAGO. Nov. 2.— l>emon-tra?ion»
that were accepted as me*tlr.K every ex
potation were made to-day with the Pol
lak-Vlrag rapid automatic telegraph In
vention. Menage* wt-re >ent over a cir
cuit that extended from the Tribune of
fice to St. Paul, and over other circuits
that reached to Cleveland and Buffalo
and back to the Tribune o3\ct* The sp*ed
attained over tne loop to Ituffalo and bacic
reached at one tlm« th«r rate »>f :."«.••*
words an hour, the message traveling
VXt) miles. The tests over the Duffolo
lcoy decided the Inventors to proceed
without further delay to make the final
American demonstration, which will tx»
the sending ol a message from New York;
to the ottlc* of the Trlbun- In Chicago on
Sunday morning at I>> o'clock. Joseph)
Vlrag. or.c of the Inventors, will leave to
morrow for New York with a sersdlnic ma
chine to transmit messages, which will be>
received and recorded by photography b>*
Anton Pnllak. Herr Po!tak will al."»«> have.
a sender b»«ide th<» receiver and *how
how the invention semis and receives over
a lo.jp.
ATE POISONED FOOD
INTENDED FOR RATS
Accidental Death of F. C. Hills. Wha
Was General Manager of the
Sioux City Railroad.
SIOUX CITY. lowa. Nov. 2 -<;en*ral
Manager F. C. Hills of the Blotnc City,
O'Nell and Western road, died this after
noon of arsenic poisoning, he havtnc
traten breakfast food In which the dm*
had been mixM for the purpose of killing
rats and which was used by mistake. Mr.
Hills ad been connected with Western
roads rlnces the C/n He was an old sol-»
d!*r and a thirty-third degree Mason.
1899-THBHBS9
-voncE 13 nmEnT 'srvxN that Tnu
flrtt tnvtarmest of Heal Bsssss .*•«»» aaJ ail
ar;«i!J P>r«nnal Prcp-rty Tares •»•» r>» «ssss>
qaent and U pst e»at aided od UONDaT.
Nov»mbrr !7. at • o'clock ti m
NO CHECKS RECTIVKD AFTER SATCR-
DAT EVENING. NOVEMBER I*.
omcE open rniDAT and hattp.pvt
EVENINCii. > .-tr.t>«r 24 and a. tr.« I to )
o'clock.
EDWARD I. SHEEHAN,
Tax Collector ef U» CU7 ao4 Coast 7 <* a««
Fri:.:.*.^.
34
♦♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
! TOest
FOOTBALL
AT BOTH THE
UNIVERSITIES
Stanford Goes to Dei Monte.
California Is Too
F::
■
i
a; :h^ University «.f California condi
tions are altogether novel There was a
f< tl >"■ gas •■ on tn« campus yesterday
aft«*rnr>er. which !.T*:<»i but fifteen min
utes. The rsnguisr part of it was tho per
bonr.tl cf the teams :hat played. In the
"varsity rv t n. '■:"•• :hari thrt*e of the rccu
lar ptarrrt ltnod up— Cornish. <Ire!sberg
and Auxm— «tnd the football they plajred
\\ .. : ... • A; n a prize :r. v erammar rchrol
ccEirtt. Eaough fur.illinK and gen-ral
football miftake!" were comnjltt<M to last
a team two cr thrc^ searons' work.
■
BIG FOOTBALL RALLY
AT STANFORD CHAPEL
Rousing Send-Off Given the Team
Prior to Its Departure for Final
Practic? at Del Monte.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY", Nov. n.—
The b'.qrcot footba!! rally that Stanfor.l
has *t^n In y-ars took plarp in the chapel
tr.-r.ipht. vbea thf Btudentx. faculty iir.<l
many aluxazJ hade far«-w«ll to the tf-am
until ThaclcsgivtaK <say. Twft.tj-flx m*n
!' avc la 'A.- mou.'.r.s for I).-l Mont<>, and
:};«• atndects rounded them into the tha;>.'l
to-r.isjht to t«-;i th«-m how murh they were
:ho;:eht <<1. Tht- I>:*n<l liml'irlco r!ub wt-re
!n attendance. r>r. BUllznan. who preni^'-d.
rr.si!'- r. ft-w pertinent remarks a* to why
S:a;:f..r.l hold H-rk»-!*y down to
a low ssmre. Even In. Jordan said he hu<i
hojitf. He jrav»- the ?ome kod<l
hdvir* as to how they should behave.
whether th<*y in^t with victory or <Weat.
'"oaih Chamberlain was tailed upon .ml
received an cvation. He paid: "Kv.-rv
r.an i.- supposed to luve his own alma
mater tx-«:. '.ut Stanford conifj next.
Perhaps thf-re nre !>om»> her» who bf-lleve
the earn*- \* a cinch for Berkeley. I; 1?
not- U> leava to-morrow for Del Mor.tc
with tw«r.ty-slx men with whole hearts.
After all. it !* not muKcle th.it makes th»
man. but h!s h*-art. I do not predict that
we will win. vet down «l«e P within me I
think we shall.
"Twn rears aj;o. before the Princeton
rame. Ge.jrcf? Adee. Yale. *J«o. called the
Yal* team around him and pave them a
► hort lecture. "On forth and. win or lo.se.
be each, pray God. a gentleman.* This Is
the .spirit 1 have tried to u-ach the Stan
ford men."
Trainer Murray then received an ova
tion. Ho promised to have the team lp
Perfect condltlcn. barring accidents, for
the liisf fame. Th«n Captain Murphy did
Ms turn. -in<! each m« niber of the "foot
fall squad followed. \Vh«^n overy opt. was
winded fmm talkint: or shouting a small
:>ortlon nf the rally adjourned to Encina.
where nlrhts-hirtp w«-r«* procured, where
upon a parac? rt»f>ut tne campus was held
Good
Whiskey
j
Good whiskey as a medi-
cine cannot be ignored
even by the prohibitionists.
It is often a household
necessity — giving' strength
and vigor to the weak and
sickly. Pure, high proof,
medicinal whiskey priced
to be popular.
Martin's Pare Rye Whiskey, $1.
Blue Grass Bourbon, M.
Jockey Club Ryr, Si.
AHen's Malt Whiskey, 85 cents.
Burkes OlJ, lrish Whiskey, 51.25.
Cutter, No. 1, 85 cents.
Old Holland Gin, Si.
Hermitage Whiskey, 75 cents.
Free it lK-rry to r ■ nros4 mMs wlthtn
100 rt!e« on orders of $« or up.
jf*^[ 1128 MARKET ST
10th and BROADWAY. Oaslams
Sporting Events From All Over the World.
SURPRISE
BLOW TO
SPORTSMEN
Anti-Game Shipping Ordi
nance Kiio:ked
Out.
The Spjrtsmen"s Ass<xriation and the
Supervisor* of Stanislaus County have
re^eivM H setback at the hands of the
Justices of the Supreme Court. Some time
; ago the Stanislaus Supervisors passed an
; ordinance making it v midemeanor to ship
| same <>ut of the county. This was aimed
at the market hunters, who persisted in
using huge scatter guns throwing a pound
; of shot into the Hocks of birds.
The fir^t : orson to contest this mii!
; r.ar.ce was a market hunter r.2.mtr<l James
; Knapj>. who attempted to ship a quanti
• ty of ducks to this city. He wa? arrested
; and nr.vd $2b with the alternative of
. twenty days In Ja!l. Tho case v.-as car
i rled to the Supreme Court and h?.*rd yes
i '.crdav.
The attorney for Knapp. In his argu
ment on 'he writ of habeas corpu«. con
tended that the ordinance was unconsti
tutional, inasmuch as the name of rhe
country was the property of the public
anil more especially the property of the
man who killed it. and that this being
so tho owner had a right to do wi;h It as
h«- please*!. Attorney Geceral Ford took
the prrSti-^n ih*t the ordinance was a po
lio* rv-Kiiiaticrt and nm contrary to the
constitution. X^att? L.i thy day tho Jus
tice*- pave an oral order discharging th^
prisoner. No rtason «at «rjven. but It is
to l)t- Inferred that they ar<* cf the opin
ion that the ordinance is invalid.
Th» effect of such a decision is far
r»achlnij. A number of the counties of
the Prate heve passed similar laws arid If
they are void the <Jocr« ere again thrown
yv;c.- open t<> rr.arJo-t hunters
AT BENKIXGS TRACK.
Chara grace. First Time Out Over the
Jumps, Coitus In.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 3.— For the fir^t
• time rinco the opening cf the rne<?ti.nx the !
nMn lrtrrfer^il with the attendance at the ;
Runnings track to-<!ay. The steeplechase j
proved the attraction. Charagrace, who j
to-day n:c<lo hi.- debut In the class, win- i
rJr.c TT.tcre he!d the Jead until the
<trf»tch was reached, when Charagrace
outran him. Tne Monon, Ochiltrce and
Wrtchman all fell before the Journey was
half over. Results:
Six furicnga. s?nir.£— Ju'it'* Warlell won, '
Kilt tf'~>,n6 r Tabouret third. Time. 1:17%,.
PIT* and a hnlf furlur.s»— James v.-on. The !
Corinthian »erond. Cupidity third. Time. ;
I:Ct 1-5. I
about two mile* and a half—
• "harcsrsce vron. Ter.lore second. B;ve! thin!.
Tltrp. .' :■;>;.
fc!s aal a hajf furicnirs. *e'!!r.B— Roya! Ster
ilag wca. K:ret Wh<ji second. Fletir third.
Tsrre. I.**.
M:le ftnd a «lxte*nth. handicap— Duke of MI4
<l!ibunr . w.,n. Ccmpfrtsia'.ion second. Spurs!
third. Tim*, i ::.
C . Play Football.
The Snowballs, the crack football •►am j
of Va!l<-jG. will play the team from Com- i
j.any H. League of the Cross Cadets, on
Sunday. Tho rival elevens will meet on
the Sixteenth and Folsorn ?tr»-ct Held at |
2 p. m. There is considerable rivalry be
tween the tearr.s. as the Vallejo playeni '
received a decision against the cadt-ts" re
cently on what the latter claim was a
f.uk*.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACETRACK. Thursday. November 23, 1899.— Fortieth
day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather fine.
T:ack heavy.
'■« J-idre. J B FKRQU8ON— Starter.
<>r;O FIRST RACE— S«ven furlongs; selling; thre«-y«-ar-olds and up; j-urse, $300.
_. . . L I Benin*.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. Vim. 'itn. »,in. Str. Fin. I Jockeys. '.Op. Cl.
; i
!tJ Sehar.ken. 3 »7, 5 5h 44 2 4 In 14 Ranch | 4 I
?:: a iOG! 1 14 14 11 15 . 15 Kullman ....£-: 1
131 K">*more. a 1C2; 4 -- II 1! 12 31 T. Hum* 12 15
347 Terupo. 4 112,2 42 £5 it 11 41 (Morgan & 12
3T.3 Una Colcrado. a....lO» 1 34 3 h 43 4 4 5 6 T. Walsh 6 12
ill St. Algnon. a 104j I • __« ' «^ C Songer 2 4
• ■ • Win-
"--Imp Lji ■.:■
h turn. Behllter Is of litt> a n •. Una
I do.
«>CTQ SECOND RACE— Five furlongs; two-year-olds; pone, $»0.
| netting.
11 rm ' - »m. 4m. \m. Ptr. Fin. Jockeys. <r >P Cl.
... Duckoy Ml 2 ... Hi ... 12 16 Thorp« ' 5 %
... F. '.V Brode 10* | 1 ... 2 4 ... 2 2 2 4 (E Jones 5-2 2
3"S Mortgage MB 4 ... II ... 3S 3 13 Songer ... 2 »-5
... Ca«*ar Young 10S < ... 4 1 ... I h 4 4 jHyland 50 100
546 • *inald Hugfces...lOSi » ... »2 ... 7 1 5 4 iPhelan M ICO
... M Vlita 105 14 ... 10 ...» C 1 O'Brien W 100
... Uzzle lying 106 11 ... »1 ... 5 1 7 3 Carter 25 23
24* Hiu Morrell 106' • ... (. « ... • 4 14 Holmes SO 75
... Hatlie Fox 105| I ... li ... 10 9 2 -j. Wood* IS 30
34' Red Cherry U0 1 3 ... 5 4 ... 4 >» 10 |Mor»e 8 12
... Dr»-adnaught 105 7 ... 7 4 ... 11 li Bullman 12 20
... Tamale 105 12 ... 12 ... 12 12 Morgan [ 20 25
- ! — _ _
Time— \». :^V,; H. :371»; H. 1:0c 1 *. Bad start. Won easily. Fwond and third driving.
Winner, Burns 4 Waterhou^e's b. c, by Imp. Bnitu*-D*eoj Duck.
Inackov won like a r*-al guod one. F. W. Hrode will titlcr nome beating next time. Eon-
ger on MortRage r<<<le a iloppy race. Othern flnliihe<l in (traveling order.
Scratched— Vn Cadeau 19S. Herculean 1CS. Fine Shot 108.
«>/>rk THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; year-olds and up, purse, t$50.
Index. Hor»e. Age. Weight. ,St. Urn. 4m. *,m. Str. Fin. ' Jockeys. 'Op. Cl!
I U-
... Miss Marlon, 3 157! 1 ... 11 IS It IS Bul'.man 3-5 i-»
82» .li'ta. a 104 [ 5 ... 8 3 It 21 12 Songer « i
... Alleviate. 4 112; 3 ... 23 23 35 35 Conley 2 »-2
355 Whaleback. 3 109 2 ... 4 ( 412 4 « 4 • Spencer 7 ;
V* Boardman. 1 101 6 ... ( 5 5 111 5 12 J. Martin 20 jo
... Miss Soak. 4 106; • ... i 2 « 6 6 J. Daly 20 40
Tlrse— >i. :2I\: 4, :504; K. 17\. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving
Winner, U. Fchr<-iber'» b. f.. by ar-Imp Astolat.
Winner k«:"> I ■•••!■ Alleviate in difficulties last part. Too much use made of Whaleback
first part. Other* out of their cla;s.
OOI m and a alxteenth miles; three-year-olds and up; purse, JJ50.
— ' : r— , __
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. Pt. I4B. l -m. \m. Str. Fin. ' Jockeys. Op. Cl!
| SSI Jennie Reid. 3 9Ij 3 «1 12 16 15 14 J. Martin ! 6 6
Ko Meadr.wthorpe. 6...106j C 31 2 1 31 24 22 Bullman ; 4 »-•
343 I»v4a!. a. 104; 5 7h 4 4 4 2 3 4 1 1 T. Burns ' g-5 2
243 Lavator. I SO; 1 "1 14. 2 3 4 6 4 15 T. Walsh I 4 «-5
244 New Moon. « M! 4h 63 51 5« 55 H. Stuart 10 15
(3X1) Judge WorTord, 3... * 1 8.8 7 1 7 1 64 Fhelan 5 «
»4 <a«take. 4 1014 lh 7 1 « « l II J.Daly 12 15
34j Atiam Andrew. 5... »7| 8 2h- 5 1 6 l i S ]F. Kelly . ... 4.) 100
Tlme-1-16. :97; : ■•!«. :32V 9-16. :58: 13-11. 124',: m, 1:45; 1 l-l«m 1:52. Good start
Won easily. Second and third driving. Winner, R. Hughes' b. f., by El Rio Rey-Fonsetta.
The light weight on Jennie Reid proved a life-saver in the stiff going. Meadowth
always knocking. Ixjvdal could not keep up first part. New Moon no speed. Phelaa
could do nothing with Wofford.
Fcratched — Tom Calvert *4, Magnus 101.
I ~~" — - .
■
O|»O riFTH KA< K Futurry <our»e; two-ye«r-olds; purse, $4">.
■ — — 1 _ —
Index. Horte. Weight. ' St. \m. Hm. S; m . Etr. Fin. ' Jockeys. Op. tU a!
235 Southern Girt 110. 2 ... 12 || 12 12 Thorpe Mo 1-1
(225) mncers Zelka m - ... 3 5 1C 2 3 2 6 Hullman 8-5 »-5
3M Druldee. 1«1 ... 2 3 .24 3 5 3 2 K. Jone. ' li »
249 Expedient 103 4 ... ,4 41 4 10 4 ii T. Walsh... 30 so
140 Gravlta 104 5 ■•• 42 :. 6 62 58 Songer .. » «
— Wlnay Jim m\ % ... • « « < " Morgan .!!.!! 100 lg
Time— To >i. :»;U; to .^». :«7; last H. 1:04; short \. 1:14. Good start. Won easily
Second and third driving. Winner. Burns & Waterhouse's b. 1 , by Fre« Knight-Sarah
;o«#««**d all the sp«ed. Trlncewi may have been short Expedient went
the lr.nK «■> Gravita i.as a bad mouth. ne-efHtattn* careful handling.
■ — ■ : —^ZL-m^Z^ZL
II— — — — ~ — — —
j — . — _^ —
363* fcIXTH K^E-S 1 * fjrlonga; selling; thre*-year-olds and up; purs*. M00.
*- -■-"«■---- •-— •
1 — —^ — ,
- — — ■■- - ■ . ..-—.. _. ,. _ __^
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. ,St. 4m. »;m. Str. Fin. i Jockeys. iop. tU Cl!
14* Minis?; . a ;;"£" 1"2 1 ... 2 4 2 1 lh i~n7 t. Rum. 7-10 7-19
Sj4 Rlngmaj'ter, 6 101 t ... . 7 ,.. 414 jk 2 4 Henr\- 1.-.H
344 Mike Rice, a 109 4 ... 12 1 ? J * 4 j* Th?rw> J> 1
204 Lou Rey, 1 1m' 2 ... :. h 6 1 4 1 4 1 Sonie? l3 M
I^j-Jll - !? I* •''" '" Krt.n::::: » S
r?« i ' ,J? S "• * h 31 61 «1 Stuart 40 60
-••• rlm ' * -_^_^;-- -W ' 8 ...617 7 7 Bullman 10 »
'tiSSfigSSS St BrivvV.in.'dV. !^^^ won ant three •**• Wlnn<>r - =• r
.p*S B 'so M 4Sld Whli5 e "renJ Ienrr U * CartfUl tUt nOt Urgent PIIOt * L ° U Rey had ' eari '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1899.
SAMMY MAX
SIX-DAY MEN
ARE AHEAD OF
THE RECORD
Long-Distance Bicyclists Are
Keeping Up a Very
Hot Pace.
to The Ca'.l.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Nov. 23.— But
eight of the eleven long-distance riders
who started yesterday In the six-day bi
cycle race In Convention Hall remain In
the game. Plummer. the local rl^er.
John Chapman of Atlanta and Fred Nel
eon of Chicago, who fell out yesterday,
did not come on to-day.
Of the eight remaining in the race six
are practically In a bunch, riding strong
and well ahead of the previous record for
sixteen hours in a six-day rnce. Miller,
the champion, crossed the tape first at
BOXER GEORGE GREEN WANTS A NEW REFEREE CHOSEN.
GEORGE GREEN has availed himself of the privilege accorded boxers
and prlma donnas, and has changed h!s mind on the all-Important
question of a referee for his engagement with Al Ncill to-night.
Charlen Long, proposed by Ne!!l, was accepted for the position at a
conference between the men on Wednesday evening. Green* friends car
ried Btorie* to him yesterday about Long, wit the result that he decided not
to enter the ring until a referee more acceptable to him replaced Long. On
broad grounds the objection to the latter is based on the charge that he Is
a betting man. An effort was made to bring the boxers together last night,
but without avail. They will meet this afternoon at i o'clock and will settle
the disturbing question before they enter the ring. The National Club mana
gers insist upon the men reaching ait agreement, so that thete may be no
hitch once the men enter the ring.
The betting at Harry i"m; !..■•• yesterday was steady throughout the
day. each man apparently having a large following. The odds on both bouts
remained unchanged. N>i!l and Maxwell being the favorites. In the mu
tuels. out of 4»5 tickets sold 262 were on N-?lll and M on Green.
The main bout will be a twenty-round affair, while the preliminary will
be of fifteen rounds' duration. Maxwell and Turner are both clever, ag
gressive boxers, and there seems but small chance of their bout reaching
the limit. The colored man is a finished boxer of the most modern school
and has many admirers here. The meeting between himself and Maxwell has
attracted ps much attention as has the main bout. The men are expected
to enter the ring at Woodward's Pavilion to-night at 5 3"'.
R3JSJJ I \ \ ja o^ o^^o^^ 1 j^^W Vrm^ T3 «v J fcHtuftf Tfcpy B^rV I fi 1 r V*m
H/ /£ 7^/ / lar materials » st y le s, patter ns anj TO-DAY and MONDAY. I
g \ / // "From mill to man direct" Boys' Knee Pants—for school and j3j
2J \ / means just such values in every rough wear. Ages 4 to 14 *$*
tt V^ variety of suits and overcoats for years. Worth double 20C 1%
\ Wholesale manufacturers of M*Ttft/f^VTiVBsf Bf^ St'ssff/^^
■ 1 • c p ' • a ssfl IwK j**jwy'™|iT^^Mpaw Sansome, near Pine. The tt*
Asfssss suburbs. Proprietors Oregon ■ R9B > jrt^^^'j|!w^ r Tjf^W"mii^3> only house on the block tha t's ■
121-123 Sanaomo Street. wj
the close lentil but in the long grind
ahead he has no appreciable advantage
over the nve riders who came in cicse
upon him.
At 9:15 to-night, after sixteen nours of
riding. Miller. Julius and Gus Lawscr.
were leading, having covered 324 mile? 5
lap*. The scores of the others follow:
Repine. .^4 miles 4 laps; Waller, 334 miles
3 lap.": John Lawson. 325 miles . laps;
Llnger.felder, 22.' mi. 11 laps; N'leder
hofer. 267 miles 5 !ar»s.
Manager John S. Prince states that the
five leaders at the close of the days rid
ing were twenty-three miles ahead of the
previous record for sixteen hours in a
six-day race.
Fall Tennis TcurnaTient.
BERKELEY, Nov. 23.-Th« annual fail
tennis tournament of the University of
California is to be hrld next Saturday
morning and afternoon at the Alameda
Tennis Clubs courts on Encinal avenue.
Alameda. Games will be played a» fol
lows: Preliminary round— J. 8. Roff. E.
W. Alexander: H. Branley. H. N. Hen
derson: W. Ratcllffe. J. Wilson: T. Hns
kirs. E. M. Otis: T. Gasklll. W. Austin:
E. A. Stone. Paul Selby: J. K. Hamilton.
E. L. Jones; H. Porter. O. Hunter. First
round— R. T. Jon*-?. E. Btanton; R. O.
Hunt. R. Dickinson; E. F. Herbert. P. S.
Cummlngs; E. W. . Alexander, W. W.
Mem.
RITE TURNER.
DUCKOY A
VERY FAST
YOUNGSTER
F. W. Brode Beaten in a
Ga ; lop— Several Surprises
at Oaklanl
In Duckoy, a big, growthy looking son
■of imp. Brutus and Decoy Duck, the
Burns & Waterhouse stable introduced an
• apparently very useful piece of racing
\ hardware to the public at Oakland yester
' day. One of the twelve entries in the five
! furlong dash, second on the card, the ring
' laid 6 and 7 to 1 about the youngster, and
■ he plowed through the muddy going like
\ a Yukon ice cutter. F. W. Brode, th«
i crack two-year-old of the Schorr string.
I finish* second, with the favorite. Mort
; page, third. The winner was ridden by
i l.harley Thorpe and had pounds to spare
'■ at the finish.
The track was still in a muddy condi
tion, but there was no "path" for the
riders to battle for. Three ia\orltes met
defeat, still there were no reversals for
the crowd to grumble about.
In the first number, a seven furiong
selling affair, tne all white colors of \V.
I F. fc?hult«.- were seen to marked advantage
j for the nrst time at the meeting. Schan
! ken, a <i:minuilve daughter of Volante.
I with Ranch up. trailed &chlll»r. the favor
ite, into the str«-tch arid then beat
Scbrelb< r's horse »\\i\xt handily. Ross
more, the old jumper, piloted t>y Burn?,
ran third.
Barney Schreiber's colors met with more
succesain the third event. Miss Marlon,
at odds of 1 to 2. won in a big gallop froxn
Balibta. Ihe fa.^t mare fenowred a f.r«e
flight of speed anil shuuld win mnny a
purse bffor>* the curtain fulls on tne nnal
act. Alleviate, about the b*.*t of the
Shulte stanle. finished a close third.
Betting on the mile and v sixteenth «-il-
Ing run was the !.■.•;>.-: of the ulternoon.
Lovdal enjoyed the honors of favoritism,
with Mrailowthorpe and Lavator equally
well backed. Jennie Rt-id. New Moon and
! Judge Wofford also came' in for strong
support. Jack Martin, the young Canuck.
had the mount on Jennie Keid. and after
rounding the tirst turn showed in front.
From that on It was only a canter for the.
mare, which lf.l Meadowthorpe out, with
plenty In reserve. Burns, on I^ovdal.
came from the rear In the run hom»*. tak
ing the show. Lavator was -th. a
leiigtn further away.
Southern Girl had altogether too much
speed for Princess Zeika in the two-year
old sprint owr the Futurity course. The
books held her a 3 to 5 choice and she
won without ever b*ing extended. The
Princess, hard ridden frnm the stretch
turn, downed Druldess five lengths for
the place.
"Daggle" Smith Horton. which seems
I to have gone back woefully. Just man
aged to scratch out a victory in the final
six-furlong run. and that was all. Back
ed to a standstill in the rlr.g at odds of 7
to 10 It took nil of Tommy Burns' lever
ness to land him flrft at the. wire, a nose
In front of Ringmaster. With a stronger
rider up the latter horse wouid assuredly
I have scored. Show honors went to Mike
Rice.
Track Notes.
Fifteen bookmakers, th*> largest num
ber of the season, were laying prices at
Oakland yesterday.
The ilrm of Hoffman & Cook decided to
take a rest.
Ed Kripp. the Sacramento baseball man.
concluded to have a try at. the game, cut
ting in under the name of the Scarbor
ough Club. Colonel "Dewy" Andrews
handled the chalk and figured p«rcent
ages.
It Is more than likely that Fred Ed
wards will sever his connection as trainer
, for the «-:able of Prince Puniatowskl.
The stable of Frank Van Nens arrived
at Oakland yesterday. Jockeys Tommy
, Glover and Ivy Powell also dropped in
from Chicago.
George Hose is still on the ?lck list, but
was represented In the ring yesterday by
Henry Wendt. who booked under the
name of th»« Los Angeles Club.
Fifteen years agj yesterday popular as
sistant starter and later Front Flag
Dropper Pat Hyan entered the services of
J. B. Ferguson. To commemorate the oc
casion Pat »i» yesterday presented with
a handsome gun-metal case watch, fob
and sliver knife by his employer.
Schanken is owned by W. "F. Shulte
president of the American Turf Congress! •
To-Day's Entries.
First race— Five furlongs; telling; three-year
olds and upward.
... Stormy 1121 ... Midla 160
352 The Offering. . . . 100 1 ... Redwood 10S
... Solano l«! ... Fuga 100 '
341 Bomij 100j OS Aprona IC3 I
Ml Earl Islington. 103 . . . V - rlands IC3
2" A! m 214 Spry Lark 112
Second race-Six furlongs: three-year-olds and
Cast,
EIGHTY-DOG
STAKE FOR
INGLESIDE
Coursing Men Send I
of Their Fleetest Dogs
to Slips.
■:
a. m. and
I
resul'-
H. A
:■: ■
■
-
■
■
upward; tt'.::r.g.
(I2?)Yarut* .. UV «1 Aluai-acj 1M
•-. Jaet ir JSS TorJbla IZJ
... Esplraada IjJ* J47 I'.icardj |&t
K5 I'abelle 10:. 3« Torn Calrert.
tU Puralah *! VA Jisx Brown#ll...ia
*41 Han AurJstiae.. V, 344 lUod Fe.-gy^n.l n
347 Wild 1U: in'(»)?at ilurchy 1 :
ZVi Jingle Jlsglt.... >, •
Third race — Futurity coar»'. purs«; »:: '.»«■•«
... Alexander 17 ... 3111 Hoirard\-.-l'>
342 Humidity |4 34* t'anle! .*.-■■'-•
3!« < ham:>ton Ra—.M U7 Colonel Itoot.A-t '
331 Flc* Shot M iZZ Flero V *
24» Bogus Bill Jy>
Fourth race— Seres furlcrgs; utlllag: thr» -
year-old* and cpwari.
3«3 Ringmaster Jl :.. Sttxttsart 1"»
JUSIy DM B3 Tourist II 17
«34.')Whltcomb . JIS7 r>*. lure II >7
(334)Ma«nus [\64 CS P. A. Flr.n#can. 1H
Fifth race— Fire firtcn**; ■• year-olds aaa
upward; •ellin*.
... M*:r.«tay Jl3' 345 Falll* Goodwin.. 1:3
347 Deerfoot li: ,". Ar.:. Im.-. 17
3-iJ Moreno* Flnk...lflO. *) M!*a Dlrldea.l Hi
Jis Flaiuway )oOi 313 Haatxllo _ u>
144 True Blue 112, ZZS Hrc-llic 2 1
81 Mun?ey .... 103} 34S Silver Xlald
Sixth race— Six furlcr.gs; three-year-old* ar. 1
upward: selling.
343 Mor.tarsus 103 CSDT'.burcn i.«*
«344)JerM IX 241 Imperious 117
347 Lrxl^iitar lftJ 31* Rio Chleo j ;
337 Lothian IT< 241 Mamie O ;■ ♦
314 I Don't Kn0w...1C3
Selections for To-Day.
First race— The Off-ring. E*rl Ullssnon.
Mldla.
Fecond race— Tarub*. Tern Calvert. Ijpt
rando.
Third race— Humidity. Bogus Bill, Fla« Shrt.
Fourth race— S!y. Hare II Whttcomb.
Fifth race— SaliJe Goodwin. Sant«Ho. Mala
■tay.
SUth rac^-Imp«r! us. Jerid. Tlburon.
Indoor Baseball.
The Indoor baseball teams of the Olym
pic Club, known as the P.epubltcana and
the Socialists, played a match game In
the club gymnasium last n!«ht. Tha Re
publicans won by a score of 2D to 13. Tho
play was fast and excitins throughout
and was witnessed by many spectators.HILARITY OUT
OF PLACE AT A
MURDER TRIAL
— ♦
Attorneys Rebuked by
Judge Cook.
EVIDENCE AGAINST FRENNA
:rSSES WHO SAW TTRXZB
S SEA THE HIS LAST
*
Bevclver "With Which He Was Shct
and Bell cf ?z-?*r Held in His
Bight Hand When Killed
Admitted in. Evidence.
_
♦
Ju'ge Carr;3 Cook yesterday adminis
tered a ttinr.- 1 rebuke ta tie facetious
SOME LEADING FEATURES OF THE FRENNA XURDER TRIAL
«.tttr=»:.-» Trh? were er.£ir*d 1- the pleis- 1
!r^ occupation cf trrrnirc the Frer.na :
murder trta.l Into & roaring farce. The
incident occurred shortly after the cp^n
ir_j cJ the eesrt and the attorneys were
crowlir-ff KTOC&d the chart cf the scene
cf the tragedy is the Crocker building. ;
en which & w.tr.»«s «aj pclr.tins ect the
p-slticn cf the murdered Turner's body;
when first discovered. They pushed in
Jrcnt of restrict Attorney Murphy, cb
»""»""f his v-.ew. which ca.cs*-i him to
remark sarcastically :
"You («eU«=«a are rot class; I can't
»c« through you."
Whereupcr. the '.awy»rs who have been ,
hired to prove that Frenna. wu ccnp-elied |
ta ibOOt T--rr.er to prevent the Utter rroa
> < --!r-.g him «rtib a. rckl c» piper melghicg !
hair ta curce. wh-ch he carr.e<i n:ezic- ,
Izfly la his rt£h: haul. cc=.nierce-i to !
chuckle *r:l iiugh la hi«a g>e. Jui«e
Cook 2u«he-i tnf r^y iri rapped fhirp.y i
ca his desk.
•This hilarity i« ur-seeaily *.ni nrst
c^'- a.t cr.ce." he cried. "I want you
natleaca to uadeimnd that :h:s txaJ is
a. tcrtocs ratter *r.i ir.is cosrtrooza is ao \
pli> hcu*e."
Taat p--t a p-enci to the jokes *ai
Usctter.
Hi.-a.rd Giner. a ralnlr.? raia, with
e£c» oa Use •^t.^'l 2>ir ci the Crocker
bdl6£zg. pr^-.e-^ i rood w.ta»»». He wu
*jncr.g the f.zn—it n;t the to reach
the *ce^< ait^r :.-.» ir.::::r.c. aai saw
Freaaa. sia.r.ii^s a. few reel Iroai the body ;
cZ his vicura. A second la.:er witness
m« A. B- P*-l cc=::n« down ta« corridor !
ani cbserve-i a m«.ss«n£er boy ftincmc !
reAr the elevatcr wriXh hia hani s:re;ched i
toward the call bcx.
"i tcld him v r.r.s Jcr a doc.cr." eaid ,
Mr. Gintv. "anl tnea he diiAppe&re-J."
It is Sfeaerally t-*:i«»ved that this boy could
throw ccnsideratle lif hi oa the tra^eiy. i
tut so lar as knew- tr;e police have nu.we |
so e^crt to loc&t* him. Mr. «Jirvey's tes
us:^ny was largely c:rr:b;rauve of that
r.itr. hy Attoraey •.'•:. lir-s aad Manager
xwf*:e the «i*y b*f"re, i he was in turn
corroborated in ail important part:cu-ir» ;
by A. B. Paul, to who?* •;*« Frenna was j
taken p*nd:n«: the arrival d the police. I
J^hn H. Gray, starter d the eterxton in 1
the Crocker Building. te?tif.e<i that he fiw
Frenr-a «r.ter the north elevator, an-i j
about half a irir.ute later heard the shots.
Arthur LtoesthaJ. elevator t»zy. who had
charge cf the c-.?e Gray said Frenna hail
entered. te*t:fed that Fr»r.na <iii net ride
t? with him cr. that fatal mornir.?. and
the defens* will usdocbtedljr make the
:. ■• <■'. this tittle contradiction oa th«
jv^rt cf th* State* witness**.
The revolver with which Frenna kr.l'fd
Turr.fr was exhlfcit^i Junnjf the course of
\t.» examination nf Policeman Willtam M.
I-. <- and lienttf-e-l by him as the weapon
furrtrndered to him by Frenna at the time
cf hl« «.rre*t. The p!*tcl wa.s cSered ta
e\-i-i«r.^e. and after Attorney W. S. Barnes
: ; _s?ed It over to ais client and re
ceJveJj a nod of acquiescence frcm him
i: wa« admitted without objection. The
r X of rap*r which the prosecution claims
Turrjer carried tn his risht hand when he
vu thot. and *h«ca *as picked up within
a f«-» feet ci his body, mas also admitted
:-. ertdrare after tt had b*en lder.tiSed by
Ofirer Bon and Mr. Gar^ey. The roll Is
*t-;ut e^rhteen inche« lor.^. and near one
end are two boles, showing where !t was '
<< ; N^ c #XcK c &
Ox
vv ~^
perforated ty a bullet from Frenna's re- !
volver. tie same bullet passing through !
Turner' s hand. causir.* a wound the b'.ocxl '
from which stained the paper.
The only other witness of Importance
was Dr. John C. Spencer, who testiSed
that he reached Turner a few minutes
after he »as shot. Turner g-asped once
or tw_e« and was dead.
OSeer George Tracy testified that he
stood jruard ever the remains until the
body was removed from the Crocker
buil.ilr.jc iy the Corcner's deputies.
Dl#tr.ct Attorney Murphy ar.nour.ce.l
that he hid sutp^naed Walter J. Andrew* |
to appear as a witness, but the latter had j
l£T.ore<i the summons. Miss Martha Hare. '
a clerk ia Andrews' c£«. was placed on
the ?tar.i and testlf.ed that Andrew* hai
been called to New T«rk during the latter
part of last month and was on his war
home. Judee Cook issue-! a beach war
rant for the arrest cf Andrews and f.xed
the bail at T!"A
Andrew Hoffman, an elevator boy in the ,
Crocker buildlne. testified at the mentXnc
session that he beard the shot!* nre.l as he
was between the fourth ani nfth floors on
hi* wfi\- down. He stopp^i at the thir»i
floor and saw the body t f Turner iTir.ir
(ace upward on the floor. Other witnesses
have testtf.ed that the bod? was face !
downward when di«ccv«re-i. The trial g>t%
on tc-day.
CKITWZD RILZY 5 FINGER.
Firht Bet-creen a Barber and a Police-
Tr + ~ Tcld in Judge Graham's
Court.
Wl-iim Haberecht. a barber at ITS
Market Jttte*. tu the defen-iani ln»
Judz* Grxham'f -aty^rt yesterday on a
charg* cf ilsturblng the &**£*. and he
■
-
-
-
-
M
TERRORIZES HUH NEIGHBORS.
Mrs. Mar- Ccr.nir.ghaji Again A:
rest«d ■cr Disturbing- th« Pea-*
iln Miry &xnn!&chaxa is a. terror to
her neighbor? en Twenty-third street, be
rwe*r. Dl&aond and Douglass streets.
x"-i has been arr?<tfd sev*ra.l t!m<?s for
<::«:urb*.-jf th* peic« cf the r-eig-hbor
fcood. Sb« has b*«n r«p«a:^3!r cauzicned
to b-ehiv« her«»!f, bu: witbbnt e!Tect. and
ti* law s?*n:s to h&re r.o terrcr fcr h«r.
J. F. Hcyk:ns rec^r.tly coved Into tk»
b'.ock. ar.d la*: Tu»«day she b*£an her
usual system cf ir.ncyar.ee by rr.il-tlr.^
tr.sultir.? r*n-.arks to the Kcpicr.s Jantily.
Hopkins had i.»r arrfste'i for disturbing
the ?*ae*. ar.i yesterday morning sh» ap
f*are<i before Jui?» Ccnlaa. A large
number cf the neighbors waa present to
testify for the prosecutlm. but lira. Cun
ningham's attorney asked f:r a c.-nt:^
cance till Mc-nday. and i: wa_s granted.
The Judge ordered Mrs. C"nnir.?ham
tr.to cust<?dy and fixed her bor.is :n J3.«). |
She was later released en giv.n? th«
b-jnds.
.
-■ - .
■
-
■
THE SAN FEANCTSCO CALL, FKIDAY. >~OVEM:BER 24. 1899.
GOLD HUNTERS
HAD HARD TIME
ON THE ALBION
Steamer Was Caught
in a Hurricane.
PASSENGERS IN THE HOLD
HATCHES BATTENED DOW2* ON
THEM.
Transport Victoria Breaks Dctc-t. at
Sea— Probable Loss c: the Brit
ieh Ship Donstrum — lowa
to Go on a Cruise.
The sold hunters who came down from
Ncse on the steamer Albion, are not likely
to fonret In a hurry their experience dur
ing the .>■:,■- The vessel HI cauyht
| in & succession cf storms, and once every-
I body thought she was solzs down. For
twenty- four ho-r» the passenrers were
battened down in the hold, and on accther
occasion all hands hid to turn to and bail
i five *e«t o: water cut oi the eng-ine-room.
Deckhouses were moved, boats smashed,
doors torn from hir.zes and cabins zooded.
Just as the worst cf the passage was over
the schooner Challer.zsr wa? ~*t. 2yins
i siecals cf 'iistr-5«. She is thlrty-f.ve days
' out from Tacoma. lumber laden. an<i the
i captain reported that be was short ni pro
visions, aen da>*s" supplies uer* put
abcard and the schooner will probably
reach port '.cr.r before it is exhau<t*d.
The Alblcn left Cap« York b»jur.d for
. . .
- ■ - - - .
-
■
, - . _ _ __. .
■
'■_ - ■ -
- -
■
Steamer Albion Supplying Schooner Challenger With Provisions.
as far a.s Dutch Harbor. Soon af :»r !«v
lncr that place a terriSe storm came up.
which lasted for four days. On the Hth
inst. tt blew a hurricane and at times it
s«~mrd as rhoush the stout little steamer
wcuid be engulfed.
Mary of the passenrers were In the
hatch-hou**- forward, ar.d a terriSc sea
broke alcirri which shifted the house an i
md* the miners evacuate it in a hurry.
Another sea broke aboard and carried
away the corner, of the after-house.
slashed the port lifeboat Into kindling
■wood and wrecked a steam launch that
wa« on deck. Another wave flooded the
engrlne-rcvm. and for a while it seemed
as though the fires would be put out.
After this the storm let up for a while.
but it soon began to blow with renewed
force. It was a. circular Kale. When i:
first came up the wind was from the I
nvrthea«. but when it b-esran to blow j
aroin !: wa.< from the south-southwest, j
On this occasion the passengers were all
put down in the hold and the hatches
battened down on them. There they lived
for four hours, and one and all declare
that such a time ther never experienced ;
In th'lr lives before, some of them nearly '
perish«d on the Yukon last winter: others [
were recovering from typhoid fever con- 1
tracted at Nome, while seme had been
down to sea in ships before; but none of
them had ever experienced anything to
compare with that four hours in the hold
cf the Albion. The sand taken aboard at
Nome was frozen when it was put aboard,
but once th* hatches were battened down
it bezan to thaw out and made things
Intensely disaereeabie. Everything was
avi-h and the air became 50 close and
fetid that It made the men. inared to all .
kind* of hardships as they were, sick unto '
death.
Finally the storm abated and the men j
were allowed en deck apaia. The heavy
weather continued, and last Tuesday was j
the Srst bit of decent weather the steamer 1
had during the run from Dutch Harbor. 1
Early in the morning the schooner Ohal- |
lender was sighted off Point Arena flyine !
signals of distress. Captain Anderson of {
the schooner reported a succession of very |
heavy southeast storms and also that he
was short cf provisions. Hl* men were all
in a very weakened condition from lack
of food, bet were able to handle the ves
sel. Captain Erickson supplied them with
ten days' provisions.
The front of the building on the trans
port wharf was very beautifully draped
yesterday In respect to the memory of
Vice President Hobart. An excellent por
trait cf the dead man was placed in the
center, and radiatln? from tt was black
and white buntlne. which covered the en
tire front of the building-.
The transport Warren came off th» dry
om 1 ■<■■! -»■--. Trifi'in — iin-i^TVTnnrrWß'ttf<ili|i<lnlii ifm
dock last night and will be berthed to-day
at Folsom -— It ha* been found
necessary to o-rerhaol the Dainty Vostok.
so she will take to-day the Warren's
place on the drydock. it will be a couple
of weeks before the Vo«tok will ?et away.
a London dispatch to the Merchants'
Exch. . says that the British steamer
Victoria, from San Francisco October I?
for Manila, was spoken on -.•---■ In
latitude 13 desrrees north, lcnzltude 153 de
------ her shaft broker- She
refused assistance and proceeded under
B&O.
The Victoria left here -■■■-- fodder far
horses «ir.d mules In Manila. When
•peken she was abc ;&"> miles frcm her
destination. The captain will probably
n^re on cettlr.? hts charter money for
evtry day he Is out. bat the Government
ha* already decided to pay for an averaze
pa«sace and no more.
A Ccror.el dispatch to the Exchange says
that the British ship Dunstrum. from
Barry for Junln. was dismasted In a rale
and probably foundered. Part of the ere*'
landed at Sandy Polr.t. In the straits of
Mirellan. Tups were sent out to search
for the vessel, but were unsuccessful
The battleship Icwa Is poinz south next
week for two weeks* run practice. On her
return sh* will take aboard provisions for
a *".x months' cruise. Yesterday one cf
the warship's cutters ran Into Harry
Johnson's Whitehall ani stove In one of
the planks. The cutter had too much way
on when maklnsr the Fol«ora-street float.
The British ship Province was ready to j
sail for Liverpool yesterday, when one of i
her water tanks spran* a leak. It had to i
be emptied, and all to-day will be spent In I
makln? rej^lrs. The ship will probably
pet away Sunday.
Pat MacMahoney was broceht to the
Karbcr Kcspital yesterday by Serjeant
Ellis BoSeitu from a severe cut over the
rtjht eve. Ke says he was attacke«3 by ;
some Chinese on the comer of Jackson <
and East streets and one of them slashed '
him with a knife. Thr*^ Chinese were ar
rested by Senreant Ellis and taken to the
hospital, but MacMahoney could not Iden
tify any of them as his assailant.
RIGHTS OF DUTIABLE
ARTICLE IMPORTERS
An cpir.'.cn cor.ecrning the right of a
purchaser cf dutiable eoais to a rebate
upon a reduction of duty before deilv
ery or.* .-.fter contract ar.d to a rebate for
free whirfaz*. which is of special Inter
est to merchants of hc-me ports d*aitne
with th?se cf foreign points, was handed
dr»m ye«t<?rd£.y In the case of Henry J.
Wither* asainst John J. Moor* to recover
abcut $^») due ar.d unpaid cr. cargoes of
ccai shipped from Sydney, N. S. W.. to
this cSty.
In accordance with the terms of con
tract Moore a«r»-?d to pay Withers the
sum cf its 3d per ton fcr faro carg^e* of
from 3>» to <M 0 tor.s. delivered in Sar.
Francisco or Oakland, th* freight, ir^ur
ence excfcar.s* ani duty to t* pai'i by
the seller, the charter party to. be up-jn
a form cf charter party which had tr«i
•txhxnltted ty th* purchaser. Subsrcjuent
iy the duty was reduced, free wharfage
crar.t*'! ar.<i the def^r.'iant claimed the
right to a rebate in accordance, while the
pl'&i.-ti~ •!emar..i*d the full price agreed
upon in th* ccntract.
In the cpbJoii Jndga 3*Jch*r says: "Ia
th* case at bar thrre was a speciScajfre*
m*rt ar.i rhat canrot l>~ modified by rus
tom. cor.**«su»r.tly the drfendant was not
conoemevi with the rate of rreight. in
turanc*. rxchar.g* cr duty, for ty th*
contract they w*re to be paid by !h*
plalßtiS r.r«i the defeodaat was to ; .ay
Z*s 3d per tor., ar.d no mere ar.d no it^s
upon the <ie'.iver>- of the coal
"As between a merchant ir. a hr«:n
p>?rt d*a_!rg with a merchant In a horn*
p-ort a chsne--? in the rate of duty u-on
Importe-i iutiafcl* articles car.r.ot*t-* for
or agais<t th* purchaser in th* aJ*s<?-c*
cf contract or knowledge, nctwithstand
ir.sr a custom of the horn* port. Tne ru>
would b* <i;ff*r'?r.t if both parties be
longed to the port- The contract wns a
hard a^d ti si ccr.tra.ct for I flat sum
ar.d the plr.lntiff Is »rtitl*d to Judrment
U: accoHar.ee with these views."
OLZASY DISCHARGED
A Butchertcsm Tangle Finds Its War
Into Polic* Court.
Charles Butcher, a butcher from Butch
ertewn. was a star witness yesterday in
Juice Ccr.la-Vs Police Court on the trial
cf Thcmas OLeary. charged with makir.g
threats agair.sl the life of "William B^ck
man. who lately married his (O"L*ary's>
wife. It wasn't what Butcher said, "but
1 the way he reeled oJT his Identity as a
; butcher that maiie the hit. Otherwise hi«
; testimony was r.ot particularly p*rti-er.*
Beckman testified that OL*ar>- b^'inc
jealous that he had married the divorced
1 Mrs. O'Leaxy. had mad- threats to put
I holes in him. O'Learv denied this and
sal<l all the threats he* had mad* aga:-«t
! the ctmpUining witness grew «>u» o ; ~ a
rumor he had heard that Beckman had
mace comments on the fact that he did
not always wear a necktie.
"I toM him." said O'Ltary, "that If I
!?.!** v fcea £ d >.? f *vm, talk! -g that way ag*in
; I'd knock his block cfT."
Judse Conlan *il«Tr:i««ed ttc - 1 - -
Writs in the Faro Cases.
The cases of Asa Hamilton and the
other defendants charged with playing
faro In Joe Harvey's rescrt. UZ Mason
street, were called In Judge Conlar/s court
yesterday morning and by consent were
continued till to-mcrrow to be set. Mean
time Attorney Long said he would arpW
to the Superior Court for a writ cf ha
b**s corpus or the release of the defen
dants on the ground that the complaints
are defective as argued at the trial of The
hamilton case Weinesday. Judge Con*
lan admitted that he had no pfwer un
der the law to amend the comoKin-
Notice.
Ort*ia -mnta by tt« Sparks Auto
- ■-- - Ccsjjasr. -•-- -.-,- UlujtratJco. c' "
tomot:>. t*vi=* appeirtd la certila p«pe4 we
can ycer »:ieiiioa to tie fact it»i the*e lUa»
tzatlan were copied from the catalocoe ii m-~im -~i
by th« WoviJ Xctor Vehicle Company aadtb*
T«hic:e« are nwnufulima tr us excfcuirel*
It ts <!=< 13 the caircia ©: ;he Woods Motor
Ttfalda Cc=fA=r to know tt»t the Dtesttattei
referred to fce'.esg to cs asd that we ar« not »n
anjr way Interested la the Sparks Aatossobfi'e
Cc=s*cy. WOODS MOTOR VEHICLE CQII
PANT. Chicago. lIL
Ths Harti-y in Ccmmissioa.
John C. Patricio. John Crowley An
drew L'der. and Thomas Short, boatmen
en the United States revenue cutter Hart
ley, will lose their positions on Decem
ber 1. the Hartley having been transferred
to the Custom-house Department as* a
night watch customs boat. The cutter
Golden Gate will be on watch during the
day. The discharged men. with the ap
proval of Engineer Jones, may re-enlij*
in the customs service* * *
SYMPATHY GOES
TO STRUGGLING
ARMY Of BOERS
Mass - Meeting Held
Last Night.
BRITISH ACTION DENOUNCED
JOH^' P. TRTSH GRIXXS JOHN
HAYZS HAXiIOXD.
War Ccsipar-d to the Unequal Strife
Against Natives of Philippines.
Horal Support Extended
the Bepublic.
There Is a warm place la the hearts cf
San Franciscans tor the Boers of the
Transvaal. Judging from the monster
meeting held last night it Metropolitan
Temple by the sympathizers In this city
of the people of the South African re
public In their war with Great Britain.
Among the speakers, whose sentiments
were received with tumultuous applause.
were Jean P. Irish. William H. AlTord
and Colonel Thomas F. Barry. Ringi-g
resolutions were adopted expressing
sympathy with th* Beers and cor.d*mr.-
Ing that portion of the press which is en
deavoring to create the imprcj-a.cn th.it
the United States li an ally of England
In the present struggle. Incidentally im
perialism was denounced, it being claimed
that Uncle Sam's actions in the Philip
pines were --. _ parallel with Great Brit
ain I*,1 *, treatment of the Boers.
William H. Aivord was introduced as
th* chairman cf the meeting. said
that its purpose was to stamp a^ ar." in
famous libel en the people of th* United
states the statement that they were
either openly or secretly allied w-.th Great
Britain cr approved cf ar^y war that was
r.ot:n defers of liberty and Justice.
"This occasion Is net a joyous cne."
said the speaker. "Every "expression
must be cne of regret ar.d every- breath
a sigh. Everything In this strife indi
cates that ta it ail En-glaxd has be*n
wrong ar.d the Bc*r« have b«*n right.
While w* ar* pointing to the faults of
our r.eirhbor we should not overiook our
own. There has only b*en one nation
great enough to follow the morning star
cf liberty, rut we are dimmin? the luster
cf our glory by the prosecution of a war
against the Filipinos equally as unjusti
fiable as the war against the Bo<?r?.
While we ar* locking at the acts of Great
Britain, let us ur.roll again the Declara
tion of Independence."
The next speaker was L. M. CroweH cf
the Hastings Law School, who wen a
debate on tn* B-?*r question against rep
resentatives from th* University cf Cali
fornia. He reviewed the >eai "status of
th* Transvaal situation and "claimed that
according tO the treaties cf ISSI anJ ISM
England had no Justifiable excuse for the
war that she is now waging. He a«
strted ... Beers w*r* net asking for
m*rcy. but fcr justice, and that th* strife
was one of th* strong striving to suppress
the weak.
Much enthusiasm was created by the
remarks of J^hn P. Iri«h. whose addr-ss
was the f»a:ur* cf the meeting. He gave
considerable attention to the "gang plank
opinions" of John Hayes Hammond.
"This man was mixed u^> in the Jameson
raids." said Mr. Irish. "H* did a little
raiding and then th* B-:ers dM some raid
ing. The latter prove-i to b* thj» better
raiders and caught son* of th* offenders,
among them Kimmord, who was sen
tenced to be hanged. 'Wner. this country
maci* a plea for his neck Oom Paul saia
to him. 'I don't want to hang you; It
would be putting good rope to a bad us*.'
and h* let him off wit a big f.r.*. And
this Is the kind cf a man who comes
back to \i3 and says that there is no jus-
tice on the side of the Boers In this s'rur
gle."
Colonel Barry introduced the resolutions
referred to. which were adopted with
great applause. Three cheers were given
for the Boer republic at the close of the
meeting.
•MUCH ADO ABOUT XOTHIXG.'
"Shakespeare's Greatest Structural
Achievenieat." Says Howard
Ticknor.
Th» last of the cours-e of lectures with
which Howard Malcolm Ticknor has for
the last •■■■■ weeks been delighting me
society litterateurs was delivered by him
at th* First Unitarian Church. Geary as 3
Franklin streets. yes:erday afternoon. An
even larger audience than canal greeted
the f.r.al appearance cf th- lecturer an.]
chairs ----- at a premium. The subject
chosen by Mr. Tlckncr was "'Shakespeare
Considered as a Dramatic Constructor."
and the medium chosen for the exposition
of the port's knowledge of statecraft
was "Much Ado About Ncthing." Th»
comedy was referred to by the lecturer
as being the greatest triumph from «
structural point of view of the whole
Shakespearean drama. The expEanatlori
offered of the title was that It referred
to the tremendous toil and trouble which
the effort* to bring two people who love
each other to own their feelings ccc*
sioueti-
In speaking of Benedick, he said: "The
basis of all comedy is incongruity. And
of course, if in comedy we can make a
man who Is in love appear to imagine
he Isn't, when he ts forced to acknow
ledge his true feelings there will be all
the more laughter."
Touching on the necessity of the heavy
element of the piece, the lecturer de
clared that "in a comedy that is five acts
long there must of necessity be some op
position to the happy denouement both
in order tnat the pray may run Its five
acts and that the pleasant results mat
gain In effect by temporary frustration."
Mr. Ticknor during his stay here ..as
made many friends, and with his frlendlv.
unassuming talks on men and books Im
parted more general knowledge of litera
ture to his audiences than could hay»
been gained from the conning of many
pretentious volumes on the subject. He
will remain In California till January.
To-night he lectures to the members ot
the Stockton Round Table Club on "Lit
erary Celebrities. 1 '
THE EMPORIUM. | . THE EMPORIUM.
V Kme. Lillian Wclther, the charming Soprano Soloist, mill sing at th» y
£ Saturday night concert the "Aria from Tannhauser" and the *
J "Faust Flower Song." >{
isr tat- ipe EMMwunpr i
P^ColdcnßuleßazAAr"! J,\
V SS^S**™ CAUFOZMA-S LARCEST-VIESICA 6 CaA>D£ST STORE. ?^ C.C 5
\ /^? . o^-7^ \
V // AU.-DAY *?9-S I?
f // *sp£C/AL .SAL£3 — 7/ .J
I Emporium BEST FAMILY FLOUR, quality :?
j: guaranteed, money refunded if not sat' i
j: is factory, on special sale FRIDAY AND I;
I SATURDAY ONLY, per sack .... 79c *
§ = ; ;
I Boys' 2. 50 Serge For Friday and Sat. /C> Ij
£ Suits for $8.45. urcfa { °~ ' a . li ? ile 1 f3 : ?
»* number o: Boys ><s^s "^
g Long Paais Bhe Serge Suit*, 20-ounce p^re serge Ksft\ •$
»>; worsted, absohtelv fast color, coats sing!e-breaste«i / i \f\ !t
i sack stv!e ; with high cv: stjiish doable-breasted f^/l*^. '?
*r vests, perfect acting trousers with welted sea:r-3 on [*/ |r^ •"•
1 sides and exceptionally good value for $12.50, ore of li i i-, '%
t the big store' 3 best bargains at the two-day price .jA j '• *5
{of $8.45 j \ x
Jt Sizes for boys 15 to 19 years. I II S*
* ii *** 'x
I « -- : - ■:, -■ 5
j: >!. $12.50 Worsted Suits Friday and Satur. %
10 % for Men $8.45. S^a |
g /i. z/ oar successful Clothing Department, we ma.-. an exceed- '%
*£ ' : JiO lz^ ' cc? cv: m tile P r^ ces OI * l^ ree ot3 0 *" Men's fancy 5
a ill Worsted Suits. They are all in the singe-breasted sack 1
J! /-. coat style, two shades of gray and a dark blue mixed, oar %
m \ii / price on two of them has been $10.00. but it was special •*
g i'-l at that figure, for they are the biggest kind of a bargain Jr
£ : at $12.50, the others have always been sold by U3 at J
v $12.50, they are well made, well fitting, good * lookinrr •'
g suits, and the special price for two days will be $8,45 >r
% ===== •;
% •;
f Silk Remnants, For Bargain Friday only. a choice as- J
X nnf*-nw*i*tf*n Off sortn:e!lt o: * Remnants, plain •$
j une-uuarter ut>. =:riped ani che?k Taffe tas. plain and :?
x figired Duchess?, black Taffetas. Foulards. Ir.dias, etc . cesirable ;5
v lengths for shirt waists, coal lining. ruSings, etc., for this cay only I
g one-quarter off present marked prices. >r
* i
J. B"Z?-r.F-iizT. \rßzrri:n\ r Bzrri:n F -\ij'. £0 \
I $3.00 x >-c $4.50 Curtains ?
|: Serge fW\ $2.95 Pair. g? *
*.' SkirtS f: ,^.dt*l c^lia Czruizs, 3S3 S varis
&' Of OO /• fl I 1I 1 j'oar, asextr. £:e q^iii-.ycf =s^!:a ia -J
£ *pM.0%3. .tzzr <li:=:t a=i tttrictrsr* patten*. *^
a f||| tr ::-dir, / jrezt: ar r.-i:« «00 a=d Usj fer rsir X
a* wzi'.e tee lot of /•• —:---. ozlr. whila lb* lot of GO '2
103 !m:s. fc=j /,vt h\ *f\ ;?*L-la3U. §p-. . price . 52.95 %
iJgooitZMlUek UVi .\ I
ft* Serpe SiL-ts, f< l %\ \\ « ._ .. *2
I £ w^Mflll'; \ 35c Silk fi&i)> '*
jf-tiwTirT -p^eii x£^^H£x Scarfs <:*T^{ 5
| price...-5/.a9 2SC. 3^l '*
g 'Bi'zsi* Friiir. Lad**' f*e 'For this dajcay— 23 '5
1 Under muslin J2J 2 ca=:r:c'dcr« of cc- i*iu*' r'jsk ••* j ;<
1 Specials. %T£ -:^ ll: -« i: \^M d% / |
h' o= r. oa fr*cii! «a c to-iaT a: .. $f.45 «=2rc:iered esiJ- ,*£Zj/y~) X
J Lidies* £2e llzi is Tiirts witz d»e? -^'srs citt. cardxal Tjr^x/ *?
j^ iou r of haz-.s =s esbrciierj. price -*i :ot». pirp'.e — *:. a jY*' %
%' alwars $1.75 tacb, oa speciil sale to--far leteh .—.._..... 260 * •**
5 c=ij£L. I st^o H__ :?
V -..^j.- -. I" oHer to *
i Children's $5.50 35c Cushion fi«» <* * \
I Coats $4.25. Squares 15c. J£*& i
•j ibde of prst:y al:-woo! ruteriils i= :cs .-'°? S-^irei-B«=b»i that "- * hare •*
I shaies of bra*. ...... siiei for '«»« J , 2o: :o «»J *37 mof«— Jou >r
&■-:-.- al- :ia: ozl ToT '^o or :hr*e of a kiai are left X
$ wars SS.SO each, oa ipscial sa> Friiar - ca /;°- •q^irtj tait bar* beea 2oi ;
I- oslt .... ■ $4.25 *- ?5c each-c= s ?i c:al «a.c fsr t-« %
v ' — \**7 oay - ISO X
X 95c Fedora Fr*** ***s*•• :?
i «a#e 77n ******** **[B2'tm F'U*. Tare* art ices that '?
1 " at ? . Cm eft " °^ &iX Furniture *<-* «*. «. :?
v Ins of ceas ;'. 7^_ /^\ "JZZ "■• ** eatable Eeli J aT X
V.l •-.- Feiora ' f^%\ •-, Offerings. G L. a: a h?« VZ '5
% Hiis,eik baci L -MA !<i=c:i« fron r^^ir pr::«. f 3r tai. *
k - aad birring, :_^fc^ f^^js=a |dar O a>: ,f
v black; V&toy§jm^^2P? Ratio - - Top Desks- A tin cat 2
*. brovr. cedar ;:o; :o U9 at ha^*. ?ot:ea ox<. wii ta 3» "5
% aad maple, a*, the Tery gpecii! __* ;fa C a>j.t eight 39 hchtt.«fapth 25 izeht*, i
V ei-a 7 'C Co=Te2 - e - s pi^eoa cole. oa« lar?e '5
J« — — — — — L-i*er zzi a shelf i- x fcr r*:ks. *«5
fc* Bvi**n F'&iT. Eitra bejTT Ixl re^s ar'y 216 »'. — jpecia! fcr Frliir Af
v Children's ri3r * ii f:s: llick oa T 3.50 I
I Y." j? 9 Co.toa Ho.eJ Golden Oak Pedestal ;
%' nose i*rC. ~adi cf aheaT/l:«r saxed. cictiy po iiae-i. heists 28 AI
fc ! three-chreal yi aTria re-ssforce:kae^<; Jachs*. top 14 izches b d:an»te-. with a
a jp.eaii: s:h;cl s:cci a~, c^r re^clir Jfi.-cr b s*— *7eri»lF-i'»-cay.S^»2s 3
if 20c cose, ia s.2M 6to 9 ; i. for this day Gobbler Racket*— Sclii oak. X
I cily t4c with zga ari=_», tcrzea *piai!es. T«ry «J
- jccafcrtabla. well cade sri fofahxd — "£
JV Bu-£Jtu Friia*. jspech! Friday oa'y $2.25 jf
J- Caraet Three caa?ua!y at- f*
j ts<sx/fc;« trB . t : Te o*iri=?J0 * iri=?J f;r z-rtrin FrUsT. We cf er 25tri==.i x
2 dp eciass. 1 ii* day ody: Millinery hitl - :f — arl ? *w -I
* rAoquatte Ruas — Sze TulA STTv ■ ft 3f t3 516.c0 eich. a.l 1
* i:-;es. z s>-d q~^>J ia desL-abie pat- specials. of then : £-.3 «ea*33*« j»
I t;rrs aai eoler «f*cts — tridar o=;r. jhipis «ai cobria;?, *p!jadid> nideef >*
£ ei.-h $I*Bo b.»3t cv.eruls— a: the grea'.ly re- *
', linen Warp Matting - J^aa- ia-ei prce for Friday oa!y $9.95 *
V e-e aai tile patt ra»— *p«-: for thi* j 52 assorted tri=s*i hats ia tha »»a- x
*! cay only, per rar i - 22 i C'm t 3i'i saidw of T.-lTit aad all leadiaj Z
£ Tapestry Gar pet ber-jjhiiej. b*ia:if^l.r iza.ie with faa ca:e- !%
AT ceri to catca. f;ra. diaizm a-d Persian riiU. fe'thers aa: cra:=jat«» prices AI
*; ef?c:«. --...-" frad* »?eci-!!.|iUays fl= t3 S.O ea:h— oa s?«r:a" sil- -5
9 Prsdaj oalj. per yari 55o I Fridiy calr i, $.3.45 $
INVISIBLE HARADA WAS
NOT SEEN BY ENGINEER
RAILROAD WITNESSES SWLAH
HE WAS NOT THESE.
Locomotive Headlights Blazing, Elec
tric Lamps Burning and Rail
road 2len Straining Their
Eyes icz Him-
The trial of thedamage salt of Jlro Hira
da ajrair-Jt ihe Southern PaciSc Company
for t^iJ£O wu resumed yesterday morn
ing b*fcre a Jury In the United States Cir
cuit Court. Judge Morrow presiding
The railroad's witnesses occupied tfce
whole of the day. and they swore that on
October 4. ISSB. when Karada was run
over and lost bis right leg. three fingers
and three toes at the crossing of Everett
street and Railroad avenue, the bell on
the locomotive was ringing and the head.
light was blazing furiously to scare peo
ple ofT the track.
A. C. Curtis. -•man. swore that he ran*
the bell by compressed a!r at Park sta
tion. The electric light was cumin* at
the crossing. Bert Schlesinger of counsel
for Harada drew out of the witness the
fact that about a year ago the engineer
, was laid up for two we«kj wita a cinder
la one of his eyes. The witness knew
that the electric •■■"■»--•.--- on •-. -
evening on which Karada was - ... down,
cut he was unable to swear that the ilrfct
was burning on ar«>* ether particular nixht
In that month. V* -. ■
The witness kept a strict ■■->
the track and on- both sides of the track.
and did not see Harada or any one els*
The fact that the eJectric L'ytst was
burning: that the locomotive headl!«V
was blazing, that the bell was r.ngu:*
•nd that the railroad people did not j*«
Harada until his body yes pulled frota
under the cars was about ih« essence of
the testimony fcr the deters*.
At the conclusion of the taking of tes
timony the defense moved to instruct th«
jury to bring ta a verdict for the defend-
I aa . t - . ■ ■ -- ■ ■
Judge Morrow denied the motica. acd
j said that there was suffldent evidence la
I the case to go befare a Jury. The ea.«e
I will be, submitted to th« Jury this morn-
' i3B - .
■ ♦ »
Divorced Couple Will Remarry
A divorce granted is May. 1537. which
sundered th« marriage ties that bociH
Henry iScsulz and Lena Schuls h »•<;.
lock had its fcap?7 culslnatian yesterday
afternoon !n the inarrlase license oic«
trfccn "Cupid" Dasforth :■•.•: another
license to the couple, vbo bar* com* to
the concision that th*ir separation :iaa
been a sad mistake. They nave decided
on £-•:-...: of their two little children
once more to Join hands *---•: fortune* t"~
the bore that the second trial cat i
mcr- fortisate than tiie Crafc
56
FRIDAY NOVEMBER 24. 1899
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communicaticns to W. S. LEAKE, Manager. .
|>l mi- * 1 l©« Orn< 8... and Third, S. F.
IVlriihonr Main IMiS.
CDITOniAL noOMS . 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone 3!n!n 1874.
Delivered M ' *rrirr«, Ir. Cent* lVr AVeelc.
Mniclr Cnpl«'«, 5 Cents).
I'lTii'* l.i >lall, iiicludins I'oKtaicc:
DAIXT CALL mm i,m)>iib sun .in >i. on.- > rnr . .««I.O<»
II MI.V (ALL tlnrluillHK Miiiilnvi. «S niunl'.in. . S.OO
OVII.V (ALL Uneladlns: S'lutn . i. .-. months.. IT."
IMII.Y CAM, — (•> Slasxle m. m ih «;"\<-
MMMV CALL, "i..- Venr 1.r.0
\\i:i:KLV CALL One Veur 1.00
V!l )■.>-! riin~i.T«. are authorised to receive
■absjcrlptlonsL,
>nm|»!e copies will be turn itrded >% lirn requested
OUiLAM) OPPICIS I>OS llroml-rny
c. nnoutii: kuog\rss,
'>nmrr Foreign \ rrt Iniacr. Mnnjnrtic UnilU
litK, < 'hi en to.
M \\ ionic coHiu:sroxnnvri
C. C. CAIILTOX Uernld Square
MW\ YOniC Xl l'UK«*r.\T\TT*'Kl
rriiHY 1.1 Ki:>«» Jit 2» Tribune Dnlldlnc
CHICAGO M:\VS STAXDSI
Ikrrmia llounei P. O. Kevrsi <<>.; Crt-nt North
ern Hotel Fremont BMM| Auditorium Hotel.
■
NEW YORK RBWI STANDS t
Waldorf- \»torln Hotels A. llrrntano. 31 Union
Sqnarei Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON JO. C> OFFICE. .Wellington Hotel
J. 1.. 1.Nt.l Correspondent.
nn.lNCn OFFICES — 527 Montgomery "treet. cor
ner Clay, open until ••::{«> o'clock. 300 Ilu>.-*
■ treet. open until i»::i«» o'clock. C3O Itlater
■ treet. open until !»::io o'clock. 015 La r kin
Mtreet. open until 0830O 8 30 o'clock. 111-11 Mlnnlun
street, open until 1O o'clock. ! .Ol Market
■treet. corner Sixteenth, open until » o'clock.
1OO« Valmrla ■ireet, open until O o'clo-li.
IOC !>-»iiith street, open until O o'clock.
N\V. corner T« en t•> --«•.•. .rid and Kentucky
street", open nntll I> o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Orr I IMB T>B (Seville.
Colnmtria— "TXbf Frcith -rt Home."
Tlvoli— "Mariuna."
CaHfornia— •'Yen Tcr.son."
»Granil Oyera Boos*— "CraactUac.**
Alraxtr— "My Frlcnfl I>v.m India."
Alhair.bra— "ln O!4 Kentucky."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudevlllo ever) aft?niocii an!
eveclnc.
Oljtsp'.a. eorcer Mmm and r .::• etr#*ts— Ppectaltles.
Central Park— Etecj)lecfc»je and performances.
I'anoraaa Battle cf Manila 13ay, Market etreet. n?ar
ESj*th.
Macfl-iorjuffh Th^nt»r (Osltlanfi)— "School for Scandal."
Oakland n?pptrack— Hac*s.
AUCTION SALES.
BT Kclerr 4- Allan— Tb'.s day. Horses, at Silver avenue
near San i:runo road.
Ty P. J. Harth-Thli <!my. at 2 o'clock, njepant Purnltur^
at 4i« UeAlUcter *tren.
l:v rf'ai-p «t M>-M<Jechnll— Tuf.«i*ay. Xcvetnber IS. at 7.23 p.
n . Thor'.ujtiibred Vearlir.Ki nr.l Twc-ycar-oJd*. at corner Van
?."e«y ay. nr» nn<s Market *tr«^t.
FORCIBLE EDUCATION
' to go far afield to find the
j idy upon that
nted
Dine of Secretary V.
•.reaty the I
C and Fox [1
led 1 •'■ V -.•■ d States
The InJiars were all sent west of •' - Missouri River,
then down on the geography as the Great American
Desert, to prow up with the star-spangled Sahara.
The largest band of them, subnamexi Musquaka?, un
der the headship of Chief Poweshick, languished on
the Platte. Lcup and Elkhorn river bottoms for a
time and then returned and bought several sections of
land in Tama County, settled thereon and have lived
at peace with all the world ever since. They are treated
as reservation Indians and have an agent. They
. have drawn their annuities, raised squaw com, made
maple supar and trapped muskrats for more than
thirty years. Their chief. Kec-nee-saw, who managed
their return to the soil of their sires, died long ago
and was buried in a tree-top, and others have suc
ceeded him. Among thr:n were half-castes, in whose
veins coursed some of the beft pior.eer blood of lowa,
flowing from those far frontier days when laws and
customs were lax in "the settlements."
They would never have been heard of by the out
side world had not their agent been recently seized
with a rage for education. Desiring to conduct them
across the Pons a«inorum to a higher civilization, he
bnilt a schoolhouse and proceeded to make education
compulsory. In gathering them into the arms of
modem culture he imprudently corralled a girl
named Lc-bh-Puck-a-chee. Now, Puckachee in
their language means "Get out," "Go away," and had
the agent known this he would have avoided trouble,
for Le-lah is a married woman, and is thereby under
the laws of lowa raised out of the class of school age
who may be rounded up and inoculated with knowl
edge of the three R's. Her husband, Mr. Ta-ta-pe
cha, which means "Good-by, my dear," refused to live
up to it, and when his wife was taken from him by
force and imprisoned in the school compound in the
uncongrnial company of a spel!ing-book and wa«h
jbasirf he put on his war paint and feathers and stirred
the tribe to mutiny and rage. The people of Toledo
and T?.ma City have brcn mounting guard for a week
as a precaution against massacre. The chief,
N*ie-a tauco-sy, which means horse, is minded to show
that he is no ns« and does rot propose that the
matrons of his tribe shall have thesr domestic duties
fii«r>pn«M by a fool agent. The very county in which
his !ot i< cast is named for that Tamah, a learned
chif f who figures in Schoolcraft'j "American Indians,"
r.nd on a field ?o baptized the pride of the aborigine
regents this effort to crrm unnecessary facts ad fig
ures dosra thnr throats. A white man who reiects his
jiart of the burden has :nduced a specni fitting of the
Federal court to issue the great writ of liberty to
Madam Puck-a-chee. r.nd it is probable that white
winged pearr will car.fi there soon and that the hor
rors wrought by Ink-pah~dutah nt Spirit Lake will not
be repeated. The affair raises the very interesting
question whether the Government can compel In
dians to attend school, and whether, this power
granted, attempts to educate by force can produce any
testing good.
re the latest—
tint a Justice
':>rief ceremony
r the short pi I far.
A Trcoma r< -:ian claims to hnve se#*n two
cently in the sky in his re-trhbor-
Twtns of Sarah GrrrU have
•>d for a million dollars
I ■ ■ dj in a steam boiler con
•iie most expensive boiler ex
; . - : ded.
DEALING WITH MALAYS.
THE Chicago Times-Herald, pointing to the ex
ample of Great Britain in dealing with alien
races, say* that when between th«m and the
whites war is or.cc begun the whites must dictate the
terms of peace or surrender all authority. It con
cludes, therefore, that we have no alternative except
to crush the Filipinos, "it it take twenty or fifty
years." In the same article the case of Holland and
Acheea is referred to. In that case the Acheenese
Malays, in Northern Sumatra, while under British
rule had made agreements and treaties with Great
■: which were to be indefeasible. England cede!
Acheen to Holland by treaty. Holland disregarded
the British treaties, voided their terms and withdrew
whatever protection they implied to the Acheenese.
This planted in the Malay l«r< ; ; ~t a sense of wrong
which caused a revolt that has continued for
• five years. hi every battle the Dutch
hare won, but the moment military vigilance
of the sternest form is relaxed the fight is
red. It has cost Holland SO dearly that all the
Cones of her Asiatic possessions have been
'■•'. <\ by it and a balance is left to the bad side of
her colonial account. It is not in the heart of a free
n;an to condemn any people who fight because they
have been wronged and cheated, and while this trait
in the Malay character is regarded by imperialists as
deserving nothing better than the crushing process,
administered by an army, still it is a trait common to
all races that have made any mark in history.
It is not useful now to review the history of the
Philippine war. Two incidents that preceded it suf
fice for illustration. When the President said that
forcible annexation was criminal aggression opposed
to our code of morals, and the Senate of the United
States foil wed ratification of the Paris treaty by a
solemn resolution <!eclaring that it was not our pur
' p<->cc to annex the Philippines, two official pledges of
the highest order were .Liven to the world and to the
people immediately concerned. When these were
added to what had preceded them, the Singapore
agreement with Aguinaldo, his landing at Cavite, his
proclamation of a government prepared for him by
- Consul General at Hongkong, his expulsion of
Spanish sovereignty from the four islands before the
. n will l>e seen that we have
■ and .i problem on a parity with that of
been. The question for us to consider,
fnr the pi ■ I • pass upon, is, Arc we to
■ of the s^ir:: in which OUT own
nnded and has been maintained and
Holland as the
ran be devised? If we do. notwithstanding
c rosy reports, there is no reason to believe that
the succe-s o f the prc-ent campaign will end the
th.,n that in Acheen has been
ended by a Dutch victory in every battle. If we don't
have twenty or fiftj real tual war we mu«t
qutvalent in constant readiness for war and
heavy garrisons throughout the islands.
Th:s V.;'! be necessary, because it is probably true
that the natives feel that same sense of injury which
the Acheenese refuse to for( I
• when affairs reach the angle of temporary re
pose, may the American people not hope that an
American way may be studied out. that may be better
the Bn f ish way, that will remove any * C nse "'
injury and put those people rcaiiy ?.t peace?
It must not be foi tten that, a? Senator Lindsay,
an expansionist. hn«> decbred. wherever our jurisdiction
the constitutional principle ■ j.ivemment
must go. with all their guarantee-. It is hardly pos
• then, that we ran long continue in the ways
that are proper to monarchies like England and llo'.
lnnd. Where they must crush may we not conciliate?
Where they may en with the 0 I :' an enemy
may we not go with the unarmed hand and open palm
of a friend? It is to be regretted that when such con
siderations arc suggested there is an outcry about the
trade and the u'i'tenng wealth of those possessing
raised regardless of the dense population of native
and their rights as owners or tcna-its of all the wealth
, producitig capacities of the country. After all, the
prestige of a republic differs from that of a monarchy.
Our truest prestige is in an inflexible adherence to jus
tice and morality in all dealings with other people,
and in promptly righting wrongs we may do either by
inadvertence or misdirected intention.
It is proverbial that pulling teeth is both difficult
and disagreeable, but the members of the State Board
of Dental Examiners have discovered a task which
has proved to be a severer strain upon their ener
gies than that to which their profession has made
them familiar. It is to retain a public office under the
conditions which Governor Gage imp<
EUROPE AND HER DEBTS.
rROM the tenor of reports from Europe con
cerning the difficulty of the Russian Govern
ment in floating a comparatively small loan it
apptiir' thai in urging his movement for a general
disarmament of the powers the Czar was not ani
'. by moral so much as by economic motives.
H< mi thinking ut saving money rather than of < 1V
ing life, and desired to get rid of his big army not
<■ sake ":' baring peace in bu empire but money
in hts pui
I»< pite the difficulties which confront the Ru<-
Uans it is riot at all likely they are much worse off
than the Germans, or the French, or the Italians.
The France in particular is something enor
mous and, accordi-.g to a recent estimate, is larger
than • c whole British empire. The French
• .re a thrifty, saving, industrious people, and
can carry a heavier debt than most people, but there
is a limit even to their capacity. European financiers
have to consider other things than the prospects of
Ku^;a when debating whether to make the loan the
n* wish, for there :i X when their own
Governments may rail upon them for money.
The most irritating feature in the Russian situation
i« the sudden aggressiveness shown by Japan. The
Jap;ine«e remember how Russian interference pre
vented them from gathering the fruits of their wir
with China, and they will no doubt be glad to settle
■•■Tits at the first opportunity. They have made
I use .■( the morey they obtained from China as
.i war Indemnity, and .-it DOW in good financial con
dition, while Russia is not. Moreover, they are in a
*n to a c k much of Great Britain and to receive
much, for the British are not going to run the risk
of !oj ; ng an ally they would need if the Russians
lid undertake to profit by the war in South Africa
to make further aggressions in China.
In the complexities of European diplomacy it is
not easy to distinguish clearly what is going on. but
the chance in the attitude of Germany from one of
hostility t" Great Britain to one of friendship may
• in some measure to the pressure of these finan
cial difficulties. Great Britain has no monetary
problem to fret her statesmen. Her power, therefore.
"•onciliating. When a mighty empire like
Russia has to go almost begging for a loan, and when
other great nations deem it unadvisable to encour
age their financiers to make the loan, it is clear that
the debt question has become one of the most sig
ITTE SAX FUA:N CISCO CALL, IRIDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1899.
nificant in the field of diplomacy. Wise statesmen
hereafter will seek alliances not only where there are
great armies but where there is the money required to
maintain them in the field if war should come.
Judging from the mystery surrounding the present
whereabouts of Aguinaldo and his Cabinet, it takes
no expert to venture the opinion that it is one of those
disappearing affairs you read about.
f~* ONSIDERABLE attention is given in the
I larger cities of the East to the good results ob-
taincd in New York during the last two years
by a system of daily medical examination of the health
of school-children. From the reports it appears the
:-cial effects of the work have been notable in
many ways, and it is likely a similar system will soon
be pm into operation in other cities.
In outlining the plan upon which the inspection is
maintained in New York one of the officials of the
Board of Education of that city stated to a cor
respondent of the Philadelphia Ledger: 'In this in
spection are included all the public and parochial
schools. The inspecting physicians are appointed by
the Mayor and are paid $30 a month for their ser
vices. The city is cut up into districts, and the schools
in each divided among the inspectors, some having
several schools to visit. They report at the schools
from 8:50 to 9:30 every morning of the school ses
sion and examine each child suspected by the teachers
in charge. All those who show any signs of con
tagious or infectious disease, especially measles,
diphtheria, scarlet fever, croup, whooping cough,
mumps, contagious eye diseases, parasiftc diseases of
the head or body, or chicken pox, are at once ex
cluded from the school. Each pupil so excluded is
given a printed card, on which the reason for exclu
sion is noted. In the case of severe contagious dis
eases inspection at home follows within twenty-four
hours after exclusion from school."
By reason of this daily inspection the danger of the
spread of disease through the schools is greatly di
minished, and, in fact, virtually eliminated. The
health of the community is improved and the welfare
of the children thoroughly guarded. The system
', was put into force in New York in March. 1897, and
therefore been subjected to a thorough test. It
merits consideration here as well as on the Atlantic
*. and a similar routine of daily medical examina
tion might well be included among the improvements
! introduced into our schools under the new charter.
\\ AXV and various are r he lessons that have
I \ been drawn for the American people from the
course of the war between the British and the
Boers, but perhaps the most singular of them all is
one which the New York Press has put forward in the
mem that the ease with which the British have
transported an army corps to South Africa is a proof
that we need a larger army in the United States to
protect our country from military invasion.
The Press say> it Great Britain can pirt 50,000 men
ittth African soil in three weeks Germany can
put 100.000 men on North American soil in ten days.
It argues that Germany has now two great steamship
lines possessing ships that can carry 2500 men each
across the Atlantic in six and a half days, and that to
furnish a flotilla capable of transporting an army of
the size named to the United States within eight days
would not be too great a task for the German mer
chant marine.
Having thus stated the transportation problem our
contemporary goes on to say: "The two large army
corps nece-sary for such an expedition would impose
: rain on the resources of the German army, with
its peace footing of 562,000 men, or of France, with its
of 570.000. They would be, however, equal to
the entire United States army on a war foot
ing, regulars and volunteers. They would be
four times the peace strength of that army and more
than three times the strength of the force now avail
able, with 60,000 men in the Philippines and 10.000 in
The harbor defence?, rapidly and defectively
installed, mainly as a result <«f the war with Spain,
i have no part to play in ?uch operations. They
are designed to protect cities from attack by hostile
fleets. Invasion never strike- a fortified port. It seeks
some remote and undefended point on the seacoast.''
The Press conclude* by saying it has no desire to
alarm any one, but merely to direct attention to the
fact that we can no longer rely upon the ocean to
protect us from invasion, but must maintain a stand
ing army to defend ourselves. It is not likely the
menace thus depicted will be regarded by Americans
with much foreboding. If we are in such danger.
however, it would be better to guard against it by
increasing the navy rather than the army. Why wait
until the enemy has landed on our shores before we
■laughter him? Why not have a navy like that of
Great Britain, that can meet the invading flotilla on
the sea and demolish it there so as to avoid the ne
cessity of mussing our seaside resorts up with blood
and bones?
r( >R many years past American humorists have
suggested the existence of a type of man who
would like to own the earth and put a barbed
wire fence around it. It now appears the jest wai
at one time very near realization, and not in joke
either, but in the earnestnes, that is known as
"strictly business."
In his testimony before the Industrial Commission
John W. Gates, managing director of the American
Steel and Wire Company, stated that after the con
solidation of the big wire companies in this country
he went to Europe to effect an international combi
nation of all the wire manufacturers of the world. In
explaining why his plan failed of accomplishment he
is quoted as having said the German manufactnn r
first proposed that in case of an international consoli
dation the United States should be content with 25
per cent of the product. This he had declined, and
they afterward increased the allowance to 55 per cent.
He had to run away from Berlin to avoid accepting
this allowance. He had himself represented the pos
sibility of increasing prices to the extent of about
$10 per ton in ense of the proposed amalgamation,
but found that the Germans had in view an increase of
about $20 per ton.
The witness further declared lm combination has a
monopoly of barbed wire patent*. It has shut down
some of the mills that were running before the con
tion waa effected last January, but it still gives
employment to about .Vi.ooo men. His company sup
plies Great Rritain with about 60 per cent of the wire
used there, and ships abroad upward of 700 tons of
wire a day. The only competition in sight is that
which is maintained by Germany, and it is for that
reason he was eager to make the combination. It will
be seen we were very near to having a worM-pinllins
wire combination as a fact and not as a joke. The
imagination of the humorist is great, but it docs not
keep much ahead of the schemes of the modern trust
manager.
DfllLY SCHOOL INSPECTION.
A WILD ALfIRM.
FENCING IN THE EARTH-
HE WILL SOW HIS SEED ON A STONY SOIL.
"This winter Mr. W. J. Bryan will campaign, largely through the New England States."— Telf gram from OOMJ
— N. w York Tribune.
COMPLIMENTS FOR
THE CALL'S BOOK PAGE.
ARCUND THE
CORRIDORS
G. Brochn Is registered at the Occi
dental from Germany.
Frank Barret, a Palo Alto banker and
capitalist. Is at the Lick.
Stuart Taylor, a mining man of Everett,
Wash., Is a guest at the Palace.
H. D. Campbell, a wealthy mm« owner
of Keawti k, is a guest at the Palace.
A. G. Nlshon, a well-known contractor
of Vlsalla, Is registered at the Grand.
F. M. I-.ee. a leading bualneM man of
Reno, Nev., Is registered at the Palace.
X. Burns, a well-known rancher of
Biggs, Is at the Runs?, accompanied by his
wife.
Dr. D. 11. Sparrenberger, U. S. A.. 1b
among the arrivals of last night at the
l.irk.
B. F. Durphy, a capitalist of Eureka. Is
among the arrivals of yesterday at the
Grand.
T. S. Up de Graff has come up from his
home In Pasadena and Is staying at the
Tulace.
George Griffith, a traveler from Lon
don, Is one of the late arrivals at the
I'alace.
\V. O. Blesslnsame, a wealthy stockman
of Fresno. Is nmons the recent arrivals
at the Grand.
Jackson Dennis, one of the prominent
mintnp men of Sutter Creek, Is among the
recent arrivals at the Grand.
w. s. Btoddard, manager of the sierra
Lumber Company of Rod Bluff. Is on a
visit to thts city for a few da>^.
C. R. Scott, a prominent railroad man
of Portland, Or., Is a guest at the Occi
dental, where he arrived yesterday.
H. F. Bamgaitea of New York, one of
the firm of decorators who beautified the
Interior of the Flood mansion, Is at the
Palaoa.
Dr. J. W. Robertson of Llvermnro Is
at the occidental. He arrived last night
and is accompanied by his wife and
family.
W. J. Gilllpple, a well-known nnd popu
lar hotel man of Fresno, is registered at
the lick while on a short pleasure trip to
this city.
Dr. A. W. Warden, one of the leading
specialists of New York, is at the Grand
on a short vacation which he is spending
In a visit to this Stnte.
H. H. Hunter, a wealthy resident of 3an
Jose, who 1p heavily interested In various
mining properties throughout the Stare,
Is a guest at the Grand.
N. Hilderbrandt, an extenslv/ rancher of
Pan Luis Oblspo County, Is at the Rups,
where he arrived yesterday on a busli-'-ss
trip, which will necessitate his remaining
In the city for a few days.
S. N. Wood, president of the Flr*t Na
tional Bank of Denver and partner of
D. H. Bfottatt, the «•• 11-known millionaire.
Is a Kueßt at the Palncr, where he ar
rived last evening on a business trip to
the coast.
P. R. Lund, assistant to Passenger Traf
fic Manager McCormick of the Southern
Pacific Company, has entirely recovered
from his recent attack of la grippe and is
now at his office receiving the congratu
lations of his numerous friends.
Staving at the Occidental, where they
arrlved lant evening en route to the Or
ient, are the following missionaries. They
come from varlouß points of the East and
are bound to their chosen fields of labor
In China: Mary Kitrtng, M. D., Tien Shu
Nein: Carrie J. Denblllls, Jeane Adams
and Nell If. Adams.
CALIFORNTANS IN WASHINGTON I
WASHINGTON, Nov. 23.-T. A. Rogers
and wlf* of. San Francisco are at the Na
tional; \V. A. Ffrrall of Oakland Is at the
St. James.
HOME STUDY COURSE.
,* An eight-page supplement ,•
Si containing all Home Study ar- £
£> tides published from October <?
*■* 16 to November 15, both dates '♦*
c« inclusive, has just been issued. %
0 Copies c.n be obtained at The 0
88 Call Business Office. B
* . O
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
POSTAGE STAMPS F. R. W., Oak
land, Cal. For explanation of the postage
stamp language Bee The Call of Sunday.
October 22. An illustrated article tells all
about It.
READING CLUB-A., Dunnlgan, Cnl.
Without knowing what kind of a reading
club It Is Intended to start. It Is Impos
sible to advise what literature it ought
to secure.
AN OLD CLOTHES PARTY— I. 9. M..
City. "An OM Clolbel Party" Is one at
Which th.> r-trtlrij.ants wear any n\,\
Clothes. It doM ::.>t follow that th*
dot tit- s worn phoukl be tattered and torn
OOYKRNMKNT BBWINO— A. V. r.
Oakland, <*al. Fnr Information In r»-e.ir.l
to BCeurlng Government sewing apply at
y Department. U. S. A..
corner of \.w Montgomery and Jessie
ts, San Francisco, CsL
TO GO— A constant reader. Palo Alto,
Cal It Is not proper to say "I would hay,<
liked t" hare rone." but the proper form
i.« -i \ liked to i
sentence . .
er, which is what lie would have liked I i
do.
CHRISTMAS BOXES—A, S.. City.
Christmas boxes Intended for Bailors or
soldiers at the Philippines may be sent
to the croartennasteri department, U. a.
A.. Jessie street, near New Montgomery
Sim Francisco, and they will be forwarded
by the first transport that leaves for the
islands.
HER MARRIED NAME-Two Per
plex.-.1 Girls. City, If a girl Is about to be
married, she should mark her lln^n with
th»> initial of the name she win assume, if
she is vain Himipli t,, bare ber linen
raarned, It would rv>t !>♦• In accordance
with the tacts, if the married a man
named Smith and her maiden name was
;>*, iaote linen, etc..
adorned with the letter J
MA.IORITY-A. S., Burden. Cal. By
majorlty is meant any number over and
aboTe one-hall of the whole, in otner
Words if luO votes wer.- polled and oae
candidate received M votes and the otner
received 19, the former would have a ma
jority of two: if he ri
In addition to an equal numt"T r>
by his opponent to exceed two-thlrls i.f
the vote oast for that opponent thon It
could be said that he was elected by a
two-thirds majority.
OFFICERS OF STATE-A. S.. Bordeo
Cal. The State officers of Callfornta are:
H T. Gage, Qovwuur; J. n. Neff,
tenant Governor; <:. F. Cttfry, Secretary
of State: E. P. Colßan. Controller. Tru
man Reeves. Treasurer; *irfv L
Attorney General; Martin J. Wright Sur
veyor General; 'ihomas J. Kirk. Superin
tendent of Pubuc Instruction; A. J John
ston. Sup^rlnt.r I I
Th*» .«alary
■■ ■ •
day when th<* : n li In c
• tat of each of
r -..-ir. California I ■
lives; N' i has one.
UNITED STA IT. BERV
L, L. 0., Crescent Mills, I i will
nrtrtrfiis a commur.l-atlMn to th« I
State
ington, i> ■ irin \>e tarnM
manual that will • xpUtn »v.rythlng in
ill I • '. '-At.
THANKSGIVING DAT— D., City.
The first Thanksgiving day held In this
country Is usually said to have been a
day appointed for that purpose in Feb
ruary, MB. At that date the colony at
Charlestown was reduced to the point of
starvation, when a vessel with supplies
arrived, and a day of public rcjolcin* and
thanksgiving wan ordered by the Gover
nor. In June. 1452. the colonies of Mas.
*aehi. Bay and Plymouth held a day
of thanksgiving on account of favorablo
measures for the colml^s pansed by tha
Privy Council of th King of England.
In iv; 3 and, IStX the annual Thanksgiving
day was appointed by national proclama
tion. Since th»n tn* proclamation has
been issued annually by the President.
ONCE MORE THE CENTURY-J. 11.
R-. City. This correspondent write* "In
your Answers to Correspondents of Oc
tober 22 and November 13, It appears that
the next century will commence with the
Ist day of January, ISol. Is that not
wrong? With the 313t day of December,
1533, 00 years are completed, and January
1. 1900, will be the beginning of the new
century. la that right?" To both ques
tions the answer is "no." The answer
given in this department to other corre
spondents on the dates named were cor
rect. If J. H. R. will for a moment con
sider the fact that It takes 100 years to
complete a century he will discover that
the first century, which commenced with
the year 1, was not completed until th*
close of the year 100, consequently the sec
ond century did not commence until th»
first day of th year 101. Following that
rule down the centuries, this department
is at a loss to discover how or by what
rule of figuring j. 11. R. arrives at the
conclusion 1300 years will have been com
pleted on the 31st day of December. 1599.
On that day ISS9 years will have been
completed. If the correspondent will do a
little figuring he will 1001 satisfy himself
that the twentieth century commences
with the year 1901.
Cal. glace fruit 30c p*r !b at Towniend'i.'
Special information supplied dally t->
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 51 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 10C. •
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been us<hi for fifty years Lv millions at*
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the ch'ld. softens
th» gums, allays pain, cur«« Wind Colic, regu
lates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising rrom tetthirg cr
other causes. For sale by druggists la every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Wlr.slow's Soothing Syrup. Isc ■ bcttla.
Tourist Excursions.
Personally conducted tourist excursions t'%
the SANTA FE ROUTE, with latest ves:ibu> 1
sleeping cars, through front California to Bos
ton every Wednesday, to St. Paul tvery Sunday
and Friday, to St. Louts •■very Sunday and to
Chicago every Sunday. Wednesday and Friday.
Call at ticket office. No. C' Market St.. for full
Information.
HATF.I. DEL CORONADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only I-,) by
■tcsmahlp, including fifteen days' board at ho
tel: longer stay. $2 SO per day. Apply at 4 New
Montgomery street. San Francisco.
California Limited.
SANTA F - ROUTE— Connecting; train leave*
at .'. p. m. Monday. WadaMday. Friday and Bit.
urday, giving paawnsm nmpl* time to see 1. t
Angeles and Pasadena. Finest equipped train
and best track cf any Ilr.« to th« East. Get
handsome folder and full particulars at 4.1
Market Street.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Young Mother
She thinks little of her-
self, and fails to notice how
pale and thin she is grow-
ing. She worries constantly
over the baby that does not
thrive, although its food
seems abundant.
SodTI& £hvul«ctl
nourishes and strengthens
the nursing mother and sup-
plies to the baby's food the
bone-forming and fat-pro-
ducing elements which
were kicking.
- . .s«*• •"<• $«.00, «U drag jUt».
SCOTT & BOWNE, Ctutnbu, New Y«t.AJ VEBTISEMENTS.
\ v 7
fW A
%
A good $1.30's worth
Looks as if these $1.30 hats were going to be the
most popular hats we ever sold. You would think so
if you saw the big number we sold last Saturday. .
Giving such a value we expected that the hats
would sell, so we bought 1200, but it seems as if we
would have to duplicate the order soon.
Hats come in stiff and soft shapes in all the
popular colors.
See the window full of them.
@)SITWOODgCO^
\**£s/ "7ia MARKET 51 S^LQ^y
Oui-ot-town orders rilled — write us for
our new Untested catalogue No. 2.
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA THEATER gj- \
"A REGULAR KHARNY STREET LINE.
CLEAN FROM BUSH UP TO PINE."
ONLY A FEW MORE PERFORMANCES OT I
The Great Anclo-Swe.llfh DjsJect Comedy
YON YONSON!
REMEMBER SPECIAL SUNDAY MATINEE.
EXTRA I
•••.. sr:.vTS now ready
• "f?irjj\-w *• Fcr tea Favorite.
f / £«f& \Frawley Company
•*£ jP]&V lln a Btopcafloa* Produc- I
. / r^^m * tlon ct th * G r**t E«f-
• # (^s^->^i^ 2 " sh Racins ! v rarr;a.
V^-^V/ *' THE SPORTING
V • DUCHESS."
FUNPAY NirjJlT NEXT.
Nofw!t>.»:fcnJ!njr the Great Ex;<ens« of This
i^r^.^r'at ?'in t^^re I>© n? edv&nce In Prices.
POPCLAB— Errata*; Tsc. tOc. 2ic
ITt!fE«. Matlrf^* We. JOo |
COLUMBIA iSb
LIST 3 NIGHTS! .y^-^S^
MAT SAT /WHYS
EHOADHURST'S fJVLvJL . A
FUSKIESI / SMITH }
farce I LEFT i
PRICES: \HOMEy
»i r.-r too, 35e >J^
NH7CT WEEK— Jaccb Lltf* Colossal Spectac-
ular l*roductlon. Bror.eon Howard's
Great War Play.
"SHENANDOAH."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
TO-NKIHT! TO-NIGHTI TO-NIGHT!
FPECIAL MATINEE TO-MORROW AT : P. M.
The Beautiful Ballad English Opera.
"AA/\RIT/\INA.
Final Performance* of Grand Opera.
SATURDAY EVENING.
"CAYALLfcßlA'^and 'F;(iLIACCI."
6X^'DAY NIGHT! SUNDAY NIGHT!
la Verdi" • Great Triuir.rh,
"AIDA." "AIDA."
TOPUXAR PRICES Vie and Re '
Telephone fcr Beat*— Bush I.
Next Week— Th* Famou* Comle Opera,
"THE nOOLAH." —
'iiit roopura playhouse.
Eddjaad Josec St^Jhont SOUTH 770.
THE WAVE OF SUCCESS Indescribable I
In Iti intensity Swwpi Over Thi* V .; u-
iar Tbeatrr.
EVERY EVENING.
«ATINE33 THIS HATURDAY AND SUN-
DAT.
It ixJi* a* though th. entire pc^alatloa cf
Fun PrancUco had their mind* mad. up tO
wltr.ws JACOU LITTS Great Eucoesa.
IN OLD KENTUCKY.
FnCURE YOUR SDATS NOW.
TO-XIGHT-UUCK AND WING DANCINO
CONTEST.
PRICES:
JT«er.!ncs lie, tie. SSc. We Mi TSc
Matin** X^ g^ >nd - 5c
ALCAZAR THEATER.
LAET THRIH3 mam
Matinee To -Morrow and : nnday.
My Friend 1
From India. *
Next Week— 'SAINTS AND SINNEBS" (
MATINEE THANKSGIVING DAY.
• ■ » »■■»»♦♦•••«■>■•»•»»•••■
!TT&B*eont]n*nt*t tourlata and tra»- I
e]et* froa ail ovar th. United Slate. 7
• tow their «pprccUUoa of Urn txcal* "
>.m* of tfe* I
J PALACE and ♦
|: GRAND J
1 tor maJtin* tti«B» hotels tbetr heaiqaar- '
i ter» while In Ban Francisco. Fourteen '
i hundred rooms. 990 with baths— c
i ax.-i fiaest in th. world. <
. JOHN C KIRKPATHICK. I'ansttr. )
m* •♦* • m ♦■♦•-♦• 9•9. . » • ._. ... ... _. *»
_^ AMUSEMENTS.
SHOWER OF METEORS STILL IN TOWN !
CORA STUART AND COMPANY. In the
musical^ cozst-Jy. "THE FAiR EyiTESTRI-
I^^* o^*- Am«ies,'s greatest child dancer.
RICE AND ELMER. In "A RUBES VISIT
TO CHINATOWN."
LUCIE VERDIER. the faiacus Instrumental
mutlclan.
RYAN AND RICHFIELD. CHERIDAH
0 " 013^ 0 DOGS -
Last week of the famout P»rlt!an beauty
CORNILLE.
Reserved seats, tic: balcony. 10c; opera chain
ar.a box seats. fOc.
Matinee Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday
NEXT WEI-:K.-
MOST IMPORTANT ENOAOEMENT
Queen of Coml'? Op» r ».
CAMILLE D'ARVILLE,
AND A 810 NEW VAUDEVILLE COMPANY.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 511.
Matinee TO-MORROW.
A PERFECT FUROR
E\'ERY EVENING.
Rice* Famous Extravaganza,
Evangeline!
Applauded to the echo every evening by
crowded and enthuslastls houses. Don't rnl«s
Chas. H. Jones' Greatest Triumph. The March
of Patriotic Colors, by Beautiful Girls. See the
M!r.u»t a la Wattrmi by Bewitching Coryphees.
The Funniest and Mcst Enjoyable Entertaln-
r-ie^t of the Year.
PRICES. We 2Zc. tSc. 15c. 10c.
Good neFer\«rd Seats at Saturday Matinee. I3c.
Branch Ticket Offl>e. Emporium.
STEEPLECHASE !
CENTRA PARK. Open dally from
A GALE OF MERRIMENT 13
SWEEPING THE PLACE.
PROFESSOR HILL. IN His Daring High Wire
Feats.
JEFFRIES-FITZSIMMONS Entire Flcht—
Even- Round.
TH £ BICYCLE CIi:CUS-A Genuine Novelty.
Try Tour %\lnr» on the Aerial Trolley.
Pee the Ar.lmal* Fed In th- Human Cage,
Look out for the EARTHQUAKE FLOOR and
the lively ni/)WER. H-ar the Mechanical
uands. A ho*t of other attractions.
Go to S»* en the
RAZZLK-DJZZLE.
AdwiWor.. 19e. Includes a Ride on the Horses.
n&r.dsorr.e Presents to the Winners.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1899-C ALIFORM A JOCKEY OLUB-1900
Winter Meeting. November 20 to December 2.
\VA. inclusive.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Raclr.s; Monday. Tu««day. Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Fnday and Saturday. Rain or shine
Five or more races each day.
Ha<-»^p Mart at :.Y. p. m. arp.
Fern-boats leave Fan Francisco at 12 m «n.i
».SO. 1. 1:3&. J. I:! 0 and 3 p. m. f conn^unK
with train* rtopplne at the entrance to the
track. Laet two cars on train reserved for la
dies and their escorts: no smokln*. HH U y v QU r
ferry ticket* to Shell Mound. All train, via
C.eklanl mole connect with Kan Pablo avenue
cl«trio cars at Seventh and Hroadway Oak
land. Alfo all trains via Alameda nif . con
uect with fian Pablu avenue cars at Fc-urteerth
and Broadway. Oakland. These electric Tears
Co direct to the track tn fifteen minutes
Returning— Trail ■ leave the track at 4 15 and
4:C p. B. and immediately aft-r the last race
R THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.*
R R MII.ROY. Serretan-. •'***■»««.
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
MACDOXOUGH THEATER— Oakland.
THE YOUNG AMERICAN TRAGEDIENNE
NANCE O'NEIL,
TO-NIGHT, "SCHOOL FOR SCANDAL."
SATURDAY MATINETJ— "CAMILLE."
Saturday Evening. Last Night— "Oliver Twist."
Price*. TSc. COc. JSc. Seats now Selling.
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING
MAJOR MITE. Smallest Actor on Earth.
ADGIE and HER LIONS. High Diver
AM' A CHEAT vaudeville show,
special: to-morrow (Saturday)
NIGHT: Reproduction of the last round of
the CORBETT-FIT7-SIMMONS Flrht In con-
junction with the JEFFHIES-FITZ*SIMMONS
and PALMEH-McGOVERN contents.
Phone for Seat*— Park 23.
DDTTCUCC FOR barbers, BAK-
IjllUOllilO" 8 - bootblacks, bath-
i/llUUllWW^^ billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyer*. Hour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printer*, painters, «hr>« factories,
stablemen, tar-roofer*, tanners, tailor*, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Socromento St
THE SAN FHAXCISCO CALt. FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 24. 1899.
CREDITORS GET
A SMALL SHARE
Settlement of the De
Long Estate.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PAN RAFAEI N .v. tt.-Judge Angel
n opinion In the matter of the
• t Vr nk de Long
J 4 1-11 cent^ on the dollar
to ti. tors of 1
probably : • n time the bickering
and ■ tain of the
' redttors ovf-r the dl . f the prop
erty mad., by Assignee I
Thr th of his father De
■ the possession of
seres of valuable farming land In
Th.- vi.tnity . f NovatO. Bo n-.i;.-h of this
■ • : >■ unfortunate
■ that In It volun
linient for the benefit of hl.s
creditors, and Henry Pterce of Onkland
appointed assJgnee. "When the as
signment was maxle De Long was con
ducting a dairy and farming Industry on
land apparently lncumbered for more than
Its value. This use of the land was per
mitted by l'ierco for seventeen months.
i the law provides that all the prop
erty of an Insolvent debtor shaJl be sold
without undue :ino No objec
tions wore made l>y the creditors, as this
"ure was I to their interests.
, roperty was finally sold.
Assignee Plerce's ilnal accounts as pre
sented to Judge Angellotti showed the en
tiro receipts of the sale of the property
amounted to J337.E20 43. After all pre
ferred claims had been paid there re
mained for the creditors generally the
sum of HUH S3. Pleree's claim as as
signee's fee was {16.000. but Judge Angel
lotti holds that the price paid for the
land only. $275,000. was fixed by the San
Francisco Savings Union, which held the
first mortgage. Accordingly Plerce's fee
was cut down to $42Ki 79.
An order will be entered by his Honor
for the payment of the dividend. If
Plerce's fee hail not been reduced. Instead
of a dividend of 4 1-10 cents on the dollar
4 1-10 cer.t« would have been the entire
amount left to all the? creditors, who
would have received in Th* neighborhood
of about 1-1000 of a mill apiece.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Invest
IN THE
TAR CANYON OIL CO.
SHAP.ES .CO EACH.
This property is located In the
celebrated Kreynhagcn District,
and is surrounded by producing
wells.
The Mining Bulletin of 1854 says:
There arc seepages of heavy
tarry oU lr. Tar Canyon.
Poring will soon commence and
price of stock will advunce as work
progresses.
NO ASSESSM*EN r TS. NO SAL-
ARIES.
BUSINESS MANAGEMENT.
PROSPECTUS FREE.
INVESTIGATE.
DIRECTORS*
JAMES A. WILSON President
Sec. BuiMers' Exchange.
P. A. BEHGEUOT Vice President
Ire*. Beard of Education
O. R. GIBSON Secretarr
Sec. Central Hardware and Supply Co
W. I. BKOBECK Treasurer
A«yt. City and Ccunty Attorney
HON. FRANK M •;• WAN
Ex-State Senator
7th Floor, Crocker Building r. 142141.
PHONE MAIN K«4.
WB^ I
I*'? 1 - W '■■ Is all we Mk'tor a j
J,«Gsjr J\. sji flrst-riaas frock cult.
• r /^ Vv^v < , Make your own »*-
1 ► / \ O/A 0 '*cUon of all wool
j ,*J I >C \ C fa:; and winter ma-
Vsf I ••< l/ terlttl -
I » V '3 Tou don't know the »
i » ->rx if r»>.il vii !;« in a per- I
! *\. 1 f H feet-fitting suit until :
J v : .% / VK >ou fcav * m n one •
: *•&•)! & W ma<!< * b y JOE po- :
i gflf pM HEIM - |
• r»' ; " / 1-' M" makes the bost !
?* / X C an ' J charges C 3 p* r :
, **? ' A f c"'!'' "- than other ■
> i // r tallon. :
(\* * I A I Elegant ' an and !
re( '• (W) & ntcr roosts only I
t 4, V^.IVV / 111<MU2 Marketl
• l/At^lJ*^ 201-203 Montpom- I
t iCAI* >' Jiri i * rj ' st • San Fran- t
i Tf H^s^i V rISCO - ' :
!»/^^^7 W£ <i& Ft.. Oakland. :
|; "&TAILQR y: ;j; j
MUNYON'S GUARANTEE.
Krone Assertions aa to Jmt What
the Rcmcdlei Will Do.
jmr< c - Mucyon euartnteei
<-£eV^'>--^S. bat hl ' Hbeuiu.tlini
Jk 4flsßßlQJ9wjn Cure will cure curly
£tAZi'£j_&. / -\ •■■ ■■SB of rbeumi-
Rj/'^^W !r = «a » few boon;
■'«•' X^sV tbat bls II > }' SI-»I'"<I»S I-»I'"<I» Cure
»^-« & fJ *ZA "" pur * 'nJ!.;estlon and
*££ #— •wi^i'w •" »t©:norh troublrs;
tV "^ZP^if&W tb "t »>L Kidney Oire
\ ' V**i/ W|U cure I(0 P Pr c«n«
/«ifl.-$S * f «U ••»**•• ft hldney
V £ "i"*? trouble; that bit Cr-
/-Of *%&!/ t«rrh Osro will r::re
\^^^^- i 'ZpS^ <"«tarrb no tnat:#r ks*
•^rMs^tspZ-E** I^, J; 3 " itamllsf; that bis I
Vti^SSS^^i H'B'Jnrhf. dire ,11 euro
*i\ I \VJ «cjr kind of headache lo
1 I I * few irlnutPt; thnt
1 his Cold Cur« will
. ,m, m quickly break up acr
tina cf cold a=d so en th.-oiija the entire u ct O ■
ti'Dedle*. At ell drjgdst*. '.'.'. re Ot«O t« a rial
II yon reed medical «dvlc« write iTof Munyon
1506 Arch St.. Phil,. i t i, absolutely iiti.
INTERSTATE COMMERCE
COMMISSION.
Notice Is hereby given that numeroua ran.
roads have nppl!«-d for further extenflon until
January l. UOL within v.hlch to equip their
cars with tafety appliances. Hparlnjf upon-
such application will be had at the office of the
Commission. Washington. Y,"rdnesday, iv^.^,.
ber 6. AH persons lnterertod for or agalnut
such extension will bo then heard, or may for-
ward any statement by mall. Uy order of the
Commission.
EDWARD A. SfOSBI«Y, Secretary.
@^*mm RUPTURE.
l*2&'V?-tSr~*^ Rupture retained with^'^f*..
■xTlv*.'™ rofr.f-rt an.l t'touaaii'la radl-
\L JMC» cal^ SS RE P by DI «- pierces
m.//& •••».••. -Mr Llastic Truss. C?" Call at
\j-*V office or writ, for New Pamphlet
*AO.NHTIC ELASTIC TKUSS CO«
CX Market at., opp. Palace Hotel. San Franclsoo.
lA/. X. HESS,
KOTAKY PDJLIO AND ATI'DRHBY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Claua Spreck«U Bids
Telephone Brown ML
Residence. 821 California at., below Powell.
Fa:» Francisco.
niinTiinr" ppsn * s * n<i *» Re«ai
■|; I 1 3 3 I j 111 Clseasea cured or no
UP I II X r f a y - No detention
■ I SlI f II I I from business. DBS.
ILU I 1 SJ 2iL MANSFIELD & POR-
IVWI ■ WIIU TERFIELD. SIS Mar-
ket at., San Fraaclaco.
VALLEY ROAD'S BIG VIADUCT.
STEAM CRANE RAISING THE SUPPORTS OF THE NEW
BRIDGE.
WITHIN a few days the Valley road's big steel viaduct across tho
Alhambra Valley. Just back of Martinez, -will be finished. Thl*
structure Is the largest steel bridge In California, and the most
modern one of Its kind In the world.
At a first glance the new bridge looks very curious— for all the
world like a heavy beam laid across the top of a row of sticks.
And that Is ally the principle the engineers have been aiming at. because It
Is known that this embodies the strongest methods of building.
It Is 1680 feet across the Alhambra Valley whore the bridge crosses. The
first work was to put In the foundation for the upright supports of the bridge.
These consisted of nests of piles driven Into the ground thirty-two feet, and
on top of each sixteen feet of concrete, all being covered with a heavy cap of
granite. This work was done several months ago and allowed to harden, so
that when the heavy steel was placed In position It was as solid as the earth
Itself.
The main girders used In the bridge are each sixty feet long: and six feet
deep, being made of solid plates of steel. Each girder weighs ten tons. The
length of the posts varies from ten feet to eighty feet, the longest being quit*
close to the San Francisco end of the bridge. The roadway of the bridge Is
seven feet wide between the centers DX the girders.
Although the material used In the bridge Is of the heaviest kind. It h>
bandied with the greatest ease. Twelve hundred feet of the bridge Is now
finished, and tho work was all done in thirteen days by the Thompson Bridge
Company. Should all go well the work will be finished by next Monday or
Tuesday.
All the Iron and steel for the bridge are shipped to the site In sections,
ready to be bolted together. ... upright posts are bolted into a A shape i
piece. A rope from an enormous traveling crane on the bridge Is then made
fast to the upper md. and the plecv 111 led Into position. From the same
traveling crane one of the enormous girders Is run out to meet the posts and
the ends bolted together. A second girder is run out and bolted, and that sec
tion of the bridge Is complete. The work goes along so fast that it appears
like magic.
Kngineer Crcesfleld has been In charge of the steel work of the new bridge.
He cays It Is one of the smoothest pieces of work he has ever handled. Every
thing has gone along perfectly, and not a man has been hurt. And, best of ah.
the bridge as finished Is as solid as a rock. Not the least vibration can be de
tected, even when the crane Is at work raising one of the enormous pieces of
steel Into position.
AMERICAN SURGEONS
SENT TO FOREIGN PORTS
Directed to Assist the Various Con
suls in Preventing the Trans
mission of Plague to
This Country.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 23— Upon the
Uion of Secretary' of the
jry Gage I ent has directed
• tail of the following named officers
of the marine * to servo In
the offices of the Unit* Consuls at
ed:
Surgeon <"■ M U cruder, I>ondon. Eng
land; I'liHs^d Assistant Surgeon A. C.
bmlth, Hamburg. G • ■! As
d Rupert Blue, I :
J. H. Oakley.
■ stown, Ireland; Passed Assistant
. . . Elottei :
t Surg nH. W.
Wicket
J. B. Green, Berlin. Oer
h. s. Mai
■ . ■
■
:. \V C. Hobdy, S'UTtiajnpton, I-.:..;
Surgeon G. M. Corput.
Marseilles, fiance.
. : usft of the
contiuue<l prevalence of plugue in the Far
;t.-; gradual spre id an l the danger
ion to ports of the United
i-uls vi ■ ry matters, k-*-p tt ■
rine Hc^spital Bureau Informed as to the
: • r epidemic
■ p. and, together with the Consuls,
• dth to vessels leav
ing their respective ports for ports in the
United States, Cuba i Kico.
WATER CAPITAL.
Big Failure cf a Stanislaus Man Ow-
ing to Investments in a Ditch.
Indiscreet Investments In farming land
and In an irrigation ditch scheme have
brought E. C. Low. II of Rlverbank, Stan
islaus County. Into flnsncial ruin. He and
his father, having great faith in the suc
cess of the Stanislaus and San Joaquin
Water Company, Invested in the enter
prise all the means at their command. The
project resulted In failure and disappoint
ment a long while ago, and yesterday
Mr. Cowoll tiled in the United States Dis
trict Court a petition in bankruptcy. The
amount of debts Is stated at J173.000 27.
mostly secured by mortgage. There arw
no assets.
Alfred O. Franke, a baker of Sacra
mento, couldn't raise sufficient "dough"
to meet his Indebtedness and filed a peti
tion yesterday stating his liabilities at
$2104 and his assets at $330.
THE SCHOOL SCANDAL.
Grand Jury Investigating Charges
Against Directors Gedge and
Conlan.
The Cira.id Jury at Its s>«'?««lon yenter
daj afternoon bavestlsated th«> case of
. Directors Gedge and Conlan, who,
temben of the - ' mtnltti •.
are accused "f having accepted the sum
00 on one of the contracts, a newc
:ti r w;i« exan to his
f the matter and as a r> «uk
<- place Director
oaber of the Buppltek
on the si • Thursday.
tioned regarding his •
to ih< reporter that U<- im<i heurd
<.f the affair ar.'l felt paired that J
ne of the money, or words to
that efl
( Janitor Mike Smith of the new
City Hall was al*<> • regarding
- whi.-h does not prevail
in the build ng and promised to see I
that tii*' men under him would do ■
in the future.
Snved a Woman's Life.
Mrs. Gr<?e*r, who lives on Second strt»et,
near Brannan, was cleaning the window
of a restaurant nt 252 Third street yester
day morning when stu> fell from the lad
der on which she was standing and
alighted cmong a number of bottles and
the arteries of her right wrist were sev
ered by the broken glass. The blood
poured from the wounds and no one
thought of sending for a physician. Po
liceman R. McDowell happened to bo
passing and he made a tourniquet out of
his handkerchief and stopped the flow of
blood till she was taken to the Receiving
Hospital in the ambulance and had tho
wounds fititched and dressed.
SEFK TO REUNITE
THE IRISH FACTIONS
Conference of the Nationalist Men*
bers of Parliament Held at
the Mansion House.
DUBLIN, Nov. 23.— A conference of the
Nationalist members of Parliament was
held at the Mansiun House here to-day
with the object of bringing about a re
union of the dlff.rer.- Tim
othy Harrington presided. Only a score
of commoner- were pi
explained the absence of John DMlun and
his followers, but h-> said he thought it
was the duty of the conference to pro
ceed to the consideration of the proposals
of Mr. Redmonds party and to discuss a
ba*is for reunion. Mr. Healy added that
under the circumstances h»* bellf. .
was best t repropost- the resolution
ted at the laai conference and sub
'.<Hi, namely, that a com
miU'-e of this conference be appointed to
"•«.nff-r with Mr. Redmond's party with v
v:.\\ ol accomplishing a reunion of the
Irish National :■
r a discussion In which Arthur
O'Connor declared that the committee
shoul.: :,ted with the distinct un
.:dlng that home rule should be
mads the main object in and cut of season
the resolution was adopted.
I. J. Power d ,-id resigned the
eecretarys.Up o; ■ .n*.
DANGER FROM ACETYLENE.
Practical Illustration Given by Fire
Marshal Towe to the Fire Com
missioners.
Fire Marshal Towe at a meeting of the
Fire Commissioners yesterday afternoon
gave a practical illustration of the inflam
mable nature of calcium carbide, from
which acetylene gas is generated. It is
kept on sale in hardware stores and
cyclerles, and an ordinance based upon
the one In force In New York was adopted
by th« Fire Committee at its mewling
Tuesday. The ordinance provides that th.
calcium carbide must be kept In tin re
ceptacles, ar.d not more than U» pounds
can be kept In stock at one time. At
present one warehouse has as a rule two
carloads in stock.
The Fire Marshal took a small piece
about an Inch iquare and poured a little
cold water on it. The gas was immedi
ately generated and tne Fire Marshal
applied a lighted match to the gas, when
a large volume of flame shot out and
made the Commissioners tart back.
More water was poured on the flame and
it had the effect of spreading It Instead
of putting it out. It li th«» greatest dan
ger that tlremon have to face.
A recomnv ndatlon -.v;ih adopted that
James UcOibben. James Wslsh ami \\
Prodaham be respectively paid HSQ r:.'.
and ISO for injitri.-s received while in the
f ti:eir duties. Thomas Duffy
■ ■ .4 and 'i'
I>. vine to env-lne 10.
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce haw been grantM
Edith If. Arlswortfa fn m N. W. Ayls-
WOrth on tl 'ion; Kitty
Fare from Manuel Fare n:i the ground of
failure to pn ride; I>• >r;i. M Ki^pmann
from 1. »als K< md of
failure to provide; and Henrietta C. Nor
man from Frederick <;. Norman on the
ground if cruelty. Suits for divorce hav>»
by AJbert J. Oaromal n^ainst
Annie Ga-omal for desertion: Ella Ung
nian acainsi Axti Onsnaan for failur- t..
provide; Kathryn E Btrert against
fhomas <;. Bnert for failure to pr
and Prances C. Ryan against J. S. Rjran
for failure to provide.
CAPITAL PKIZhS
Criftinnl Little Kenefkcncio Company.
No. 6123S draws $250 on a ten-cent ticket, sold
in Grays Valley: No. 77852 draws 1100 on a ten
oent ticket, sold in Martinez. The holders of
the above tickets can secure their money at
the office of Henry S. Cohn & Co.. room 23. 128
Kearny »t.. San Francisco. •
The Orlginnl Little Beneficencln Publlcn
Co* of San Francisco. Drawing
November 23. 1809.
No 4«.«37 wir.« « 1 In Portland Or
No. (Q.fiSS wins $l»0 iy> : »ol(l In Portland Or.,
and San Francisco. Cal. No. C 1.238 wins $62.".rt0;
sold In Stockton. Ca!. Not. 21.917. 27.7 M, 44.601.
E5.675 and 77.8J2 each wln» $62 .V; gold in Vir
ginia City. Nevada; Fresno, Oakland and y*n
Francleco, Cal. •
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
AMERICA'S DEBT TO THOMAS JEFFERSCM.
Copyright, 1899, by Seymour Eaton.
GRE/\T AMERICAN STATESMEN.
VI. THOMAS JEFFERSON.
BY WILLIS M. WKST. M A.
Personal Characteristics and Early
Life.
Thomas Jeffr-rpon gave immortal torn
to the principles of our Revolution of IT7>'.
] in his oWfl
tin- popular Ide
i ant irit.rnal "revolution" ol If I I
by his election to th<- Presl '•icy.
These are th<» two great facts that stand
out bold and clear against his eighty-thre"
years of varied activity. Lee or \
hight have penned a stately Dccl t
of Independence, but neither of them
could have made the document speak that
eloquent and Inspiring faith which was j«o
"to shape the destinies of the v.
world" and "to educate mankind t
dom"; nor in the next generation was
there any other gr^at figure to stand forth
at once the prophet and the statesman
general of democracy and Americanism
against the aristocratic, pessimistic.
Europeanlzing proclivities of the mass of
intellectual leaders in that day.
Like Jackson and Llncodn later, he
stands for a new type— this first Ameri
can. His engaging personality is I
be portrayed by bold strokes— only by de'.l
cate pencilings. These fine phadlngs of
character seemed, of course, to i
critics to imply hypocrisy or wku
and he was necessarily misunderstood by
his adversaries- this Intellectual ari-
and apostle of social democracy; this the
orist of wildest Ideals, but most astute
politician upon all Immediate practical
problems; this shy man, averse to con
flict, but a popular dictator. Naturally
Federalist pamphleteers found much • r
out at, even had they not descended to
that mire of filth and falsehood with
which the slk-nt Jefferson was 1
tered as Is never any public man In our
better-mannered era. In person Jefferson
was tall— 6 fer-t 21;2 1 ; Inches— of vigorous but
loose-Jointed frame, with sandy hair and
THOMAS JEFFERSON.
irreg^ir, freckled, sunny face. He was
an athletic, reckless horseman, the friend
of science and philosophy, an enthusiastic
farmer, a man of universal Interests, the
valued correspondent of the most famous
savants of Europe. It is not hard to pic
ture him, by the description of contem
poraries, sitting humped up on one hip,
with neglected dress and slippers down at
the heel, talking Incessantly with ram
bling charm, or with methodical industry
with his ready pen recording minutest
weather details, drawing up a neat table
to show the dates of the appearance of
thirty-seven select vegetables In the
"Washington markets during his residence
there, reporting Judicial decisions, devis
ing rules for parliamentary procedure, di
recting with gentlest suggestion the poll
tics of a distant State, discussing with
French or English celebrity the latest dis
covery in science or Inditing some other
form of that voluminous and delightful
correspondence which well earns for the
author the title of the greatest American
letter writer.
Jefferson was born In 1713 upon the
estate to which he waa to give tne name
Montlcello (little mountain). The earliest
American Jefferson, of the English yeo
man class, sat In the first representative
assembly upon this continent In Kl9; and
on his mother's side Jefferson was de
scended from one of the proudest cavalier
families. His education at William and
Mary College was as good as America af
forded. Though still young, he practiced
law with eminent success and was rap-
Idly augmenting his private fortune when
he was called into public service, which
was to occupy his next forty years.
Early Revolution — The Declara-
tion of Independence.
Already in 1763 the youth of 22 had lis
tened with ardent sympathy from the
doorway while his older friend, Henry, in
that most bloody debate, a? Jefferson
styled it. against "all the cyphers of the
aristocracy! "rang the alarm bell for the
continent." Four years later Jefferson
himself appears in the Assembly, and
when that body Is shortly dissolved be
cause of Its generous protest against Eng
land's treatment of Massachusetts, he Is
one of the deputies who assemble at the
Raleigh tavern under the lead of Wash
ington to form that early non-importation
league. In 1773 he was named upon the
tlrst Virginia Intercolonial Correspond
ence Committee, when his colony inaugu
rated that most Important plan for united
action. During the next two stormy
yenrs we Fee him drafting Important state
papers, chairman of committee of safety
for hi? county and delegateto the various
revolutionary provincial conventions, un
til In 1775 he appears at Philadelphia as a
member of the second Continental Con
gress.
Reforms in Virginia and War Gover-
nor.
The next year Jefferson is back In the
Virginia Assembly. He hail written to
Franklin regarding the new Btal consti
tution that "th. people seem to have laid
nside monarchical and taken up republican
government with as much ease as would
have attended their throwing off an old
and putting on • new suit of clothes."
Hut the change was not yet realized or
completed, and during 177<-7S. in all the
turmoil of war, Virginia was to have an
Internal social revolution of her own by
legislation. The contest was only less
bitter than that in thu field, and Jeffer
son's work might easily have filled out the
fame of a smaller man. He was the ac
know!' and almost sole leader of the
radical reform party, which finally swept
away the church establishment with every
check upon religious freedom, the old
semi-feudal aristocracy with its bulwark*
of entail and primogeniture, and the com
plex barbarities of the old legal system
for a marvelous!)- simple, compact, hu
mane code. Jefferson's victory Ameri
canized Virginia and consolidated in that
State the Democratic j>a%y he was soon
to organize for the nation at large
His alms were even more generous and
far-reaching than these great results The
effort to provide for gradual emancipa
tion was poorly rewarded by the restric
tion actually secured upon further Impor
tation of slaves Into the State: and the
noble attempt to establish a compete
State system of education from primary
schools to nnJvenitr. too far In advMca
of the age for any part of America then,
bore no .rult on th»> unfavorable soil ot
Vt.-Kl.' though Jffferaon w.-ui to recur
to the 4lroam tagcrly In the leisure of iUa
latest yearn.
From this congenial worß J<f?erson was
called to Kerve a* Governor for thu two
terms 1779. 17S0. It was to be a dUtnw»>
Ing period for the State. Virginia had
generously orainnl h.r?. If of men. hor«e»
and arms fur the <■.-:..•.; continental ar
mlf-s. Now. nakfd ami OefenMlna, sno
was herself crutlly and repeatedly hur
rltd by Arnold and Tark-ton. Under tuch
conditioni the Governor of course re
ceived much unmerited censure*; but.
however cjol and courageous. Jefferson
certainly lacked the decisive energy anu
Intuitive Insight of a commander In chkr,
and this part of his life Justly caused
him deep chagrin. At the same time he
was assailed by private grlefrf. His prop
erty was luthle^^ly and wantonly de
stroyed by British troopers; his only non.
an Infant, died Just after the family
flight, and Boon afterward his wife fell
Into that long and fatal Illness In which
Jefferson nursed her with touching ».nd
loving care.
In 1783 Jeffemon Is again In the Con
gress of the confederation. In these tew
months ho secured for us our sensible
decimal money notation, though his plan,
for a complete metric system of weigh:*
and measures unfortunately failed then
and afterward; and he had the gratifica
tion of presenting to Congress Virginia's
noble cession of her Imperial dom.ita
north of Ohio. Fitly, toe— and the most
Important event of this second term la
Congress— it _f>ll to JefT(?rson to preparo
the first ordinance for the organization,
of this new- national Territory which wan
to be the model for the later more fa
mous Northwest ordinance of 1757, and.
I Indeed, for all our subsequent territorial
I organization.
Strangely suggestive to see Jefferson,
soon to be the founder of the great Dem
ocratic party, already In 17S1. In this first
attempt to restrict the area of slavery
anticipating the platform upon which
was to M the rival Republican party
seventy years later! ,
Minister to France—Secretary cf
State.
The next year ho began h<s renlder.ee
.at Paris as American Minister. French
thdll vh r
inmight and doctri
naire Influence, Al
ready strong with
him. no doubt now
secured a nrm^r
hold, but his de
voted admiration of
France by no mean*
weakened his pa
triotism. He urg^d
Monroe to come t»»
France, because "it
will make you adore
your own country.
Its soil. climate,
equality, lib© rty,
laws, people ami
manners," and ha
pr •dlc tc d that.
though many Euro
peans would settlo
in America, no man
living would see an
American seek a
home in Europe. Mo
watched the early
stances of the
French rev oletion
with keenest Inter
est, and. while irre
proachably preserv
ing the neutrality of
a foreign Minister,
he was in private
the valued adviser
of Lafayette and
other ardent reform
ers, whose unpracti
cal plans he not in
frequently helped to
moderate.
In 17» he returned
to America and be
came Washington's
Secretary of State.
The next few years
are given to th in
cessant contest with
Hamilton, In tho
Cabinet and out of
It. Jpffrrsori was. on
, M .. M the whole, outgen
eraled at first. very happily, by the supe
rior organizing genius and financial skill
°" , l 3 adversary, until the Federalists
had had time to accomplish their Indis
pensable consolidating work, but all the
l L m if he was building up with Infinite
skill and foresight the new party of tho
plain people which was soon to triumph—
equally happily-la his election to th*
.Presidency.
President— The Democratic Bevolu
tion—Expanaion.
No doubt much chaff, mingled with Jef
rerson s sounder political doctrine His
rantastlc aversion to titles like "honora
ble and to "monarchic" celebrations of
February 22 (he kept his own bir»tulay
secret;: his foolish idea that all public
debt and legislation should expire with
the enacting generation; his vicious drca.l
of strong government, which led him to
draw the mischievous Kentucky resolu
tions—a 1 these are to be regretted. But
after all. these are trifling blots upon his
wise larger hopes for mankind and for
America as "the world's best hope"— a
creative faith which contrasted so fortu
nately with the despair of the Federal
ists, to whose short sight their country
men s Ideals appeared only sordid ami
mean— and certainly the victory of liw)
as has been Justly said, does mark tho
resumption of the progress toward de
mocracy and Americanization which had
been interrupted the preceding twelve
years.
The purchase of Louisiana completed
Jefferson's popularity. In the darkest
days of the revolution he had encouraged
Clark's heroic Invasion of the British
Northwest, and his one satisfactory act
as war Governor had been the holding and
organizing the territory so conquered tin
had already taken keen Interest also In
the exploration of the distant Oregon
country, and it was poetically right that
this new territory, doubling the national
area, should be jrt-quirrd by the man who
more than any statesman of the day had
enthusiastic faith In the west and lxi our
expansion over the continent.
The long public career seemed about to
close In n blaza of glory. Opposition at
home was silenced or annihilated. But
clouds of humiliation were gathering from
Kurope. Kngland and Napoleon, again it
war. were each bent upon drawing the
n«"w republic In train. Jefferson, with h's
pacific disposition and his ideal of peaco
for the American continent, clung to a
neutrality even after hla country became
common sport of the two arrogant rob
bers. No American can read the story
without a blush. The s failure ns war Gov
ernor was repeated on a larger scale and
Jefferson sadly escaned In ISO 3 from the
disgraceful failure of his fort !gn policy to
hs retreat at montlcello for the r"st of
hi« day*. But his weakness was forgotten
In the continued and deeper disgrace of
the rears/lost following; his old popular
ity revived-to th« pitch of popular ldol
atry-and lasted to his death, on the fif
tieth anniversary of the fleclantiV.n At
mentioned with the authorship of that
great document only that he M»ahi»«h*.i
religious freedom In his State- anflioindS
the prouder die; Vlr *'nia. History af^i
the prouder dictum of his biographer- "If
right? 11 ls rlght> Thomas Jeffer P 3 oa r "wM
University of Minnesota.
HOME STUDY COURSE.
An eight-page supplement
containing all Home Study ar
ticles published from October
16 to November 15, botn dates
inclusive, has Just been issued.
Copies can be obtained at The
Cnll Business Office.
On Sunday during church hours Toronto
street card must not run past churches at
a speed exceeding four xnlles per brar.
78
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver higher. Mexican dollars tinner.
Europe largely in debt to the United States.
Active trading in local securities.
Wheat futures lower again. Spot ices unchanged.
Barley dull, except for call board purposes.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
I lay depressed and weak. Feedstuff s : ak, but no lower.
Beans firm, but no further advance repoi'tcd.
Onions firm. Tomatoes weak. Potatoes unchanged.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs firm md unchanged.
Eight cars of Eastern Poultry this iveek.
(Jamc continues weak and quiet.
Xo further decline in Oranges.
Lemons firmer. Limes dull. Grapes weak,
Proz'isions as before quoted.
Some further variation in Hogs. i
General advance in Brooms.
Charters.
The Sierra Blanca fca# l««*n laid on the berth
Tor Llverr^'-l dir««ct.
Th« Ceylon ..■—.. . .-.:»! Taccrua for Hono
lulu.
The Copper Trade.
A contemporary «ays: The October product
ef American Ocr;»-r mines wm> Il.rsj tons.
the laiT<**t for ary month on record, being
BSOO t<r.» in evt?o*s of the h.itr.e month last year
and Wo<i tor.s above the aveias? for the came
montii In t!ie prrvltnui thne yr»trs. Th« Ooto
l>cr product of nurojK-an tu'.ncs was 7534 tuns.
or iil»out t!ie avene* of th^ #an-.e month la
the pre\'»ou» four year?, lixpor:* from th"
United iS'.:t'»-8 la October wen* U.2M tons, cr
tf-i tcr.s rncrtt than for th» Karr.e month last
year. Fr-r th<» r.rxt ten months of the calendar
yvur Uics-e. Kiati»ucs cum;«ire as follows:
, Product v Exports
Am»rii-aa. liar''p'aa. fronj I). S.
I«?S :;<:,:■(• O.W U7.153
tbj» 2is.^'l :s.i>** K3..-U
0: Foreign Balance.
CUTIOTC STILL LARGELY IN DEBT TO
THE CJOTED STATUS.
The New York circular of Hran' Clews nays:
''Altsooc^ Eurrnpe Is t»u» uadjubtedly largely
Iti'fttrt'tii to this country. Jf*t It Is uct certain
that we :cay na.'el>- calculate upon early r«-
Tr.ltt."vnot-« of cfc-d from itaat s^\;rce. The cx
jorts of merchtJiuise for luvt nur.th were lU'S.
7C4.'.*6. whU« the Imports were jr^,7c:. k :<4. ttow
lr^f a buUnce of «-x;«jru of Jii.i^.sTC; which
Ik nlx-^l j:2.imo.Wio Kb» than the biiance for
October. D-fcS, v.hm the cxj>ort» vtn Ills.cii.-
K3 cad the lj;:i'jrts were j:.2.*45.t,r6. The ir
port* for the ita uionU.» ending wit^i »>cti>b«r
h»vr rt:r;.i.^^''Cl a.! j rWIOUS records, reaching
a t'.itaJ <! *l.ta»,l«>,;^. Tl<j imp', rts liav« in
craased Sli'i.uW.oOO above ISM, but have not I
Nt-r. i,;i::ic:*:;t to radically red«lo« the balance !
la favor of this cour.tr>-. which for the ten
rnontfcs c:;o:r.g with October, two years ago.
was IZU^U,ltl i.nd cr.e year ntfo }it,o.:c:'.2Te.
The :.et ir.;v«-ts cl ro'.J fcr tl.e tea montha
fca\» U . :i I- I • .i. «j compared with Imp. it*
la :&.^ of $;i.'. (.r0,3:0. Taking gold and bilv«r
Into account, the :iet cn-d:t boiance la favor
cf the Called States for the lust tea months
appears la be tSSa.OOS.OO6I while the ba.inr.ee
Icr tl»e «am« mi-i:ths of IWS was about JXii}.
<>•'■.'■■'. It Is ai>;,ar»-:-.t !r.>m these flKurss that
Cur;;* Is largi-ly indebted to the United States, |
but u\~iiier.tly th'-re ure Influences potent enough
to t** went an imsMdlaisj ■.';.*■:■.•:.•. of the in
tt'rnatloi.al accout.t in t-nl,:. Imrlng the past
w««.k foreign exchange lms fallen quickly to
1. P^'n: to c!..(^ ujK.>n thi» guld Imp. rt lng parity
as to nuKg^^t that relief t.> thr nu^ncy market
mar l>e abcut t' 1 * come from this source; but
the prompeneaa srlth which rat<w n-bound whf-a
It., y \i-Tnt Ui»on parity Indicates that there
Is home etrocg hand at wcik to prevent or
jf'ftp-'tje ar.y if>v;>i:i:;K of the European bank
hm'.h>- i.' th« yi-ii'>w rnptal. Still. Importations
cf sold may be forthcn:r.lr.g at any day: ar.d
with thut wrmlJ con.c poaltlv* relief to the
rsoney i.-.arVt-t.
'The m^ral r JTect of the action of th» treas
tsry In rurvha«!r.g CMXXIOM cf l>r.nds has been
lmmediatfly bcner.dal. The high tension Is
relaxed; ar..l. while oor.servatlsm Is the letter
jiart until the natural return f.nw of currency
from the Interior *Mab'lfches ease, we re as
snired of governmental aid In times of *trets.
"Through t!:« pn-fert lrHasttc »vste.-n the
revesses of the GovenmMnt, ir.Te«sing with
th* exranylon of buslner*. withdraw from
trade channels l»rce f-jrr.s nf money at the
Et time, of rreatc*t need. The relief afff ,rd«a
the FecTTlao 1 of tn» Treasury emphfutiies
raliM of a thcrouKh bu«!n<-ss admlnistra
1, n* *. !e is to V* heartily commended for
1 J pron;>t measures."
Weather Report.
nttth Mor!dlan-Pacinc Time.)
RAN FBXSCXSCO, Nov. t3. ISCO. 5 p. m.
The followlas ar- the feajor.al rainfalls to
<!at«. k? BOtnpared wit>i tho»<- of the same date
Isit teasoa. and ral:.fal!s la the last twenty
lour boors:
Last U This Last
h-vjre. n-*iirn. scas:a.
rur. Vs (i. (it 12.4; c.30
j>'i i::urr <• •>* f.-.» i.<,s
Pacramesto <».'« r..:*s l.rg
F»n Fri;nci«i~<> 0 CM 7..*S 2.^2
F.e«no o.o* 3.44 Hi
Inderx-rdcn^e ©.(►) O.? 0 C.S7
Sa.i Lull Ot'.upii O.f'i) F.7< (€7
Ix-b Ark-rl^s O.M 5.48 VIS
Fan liietfo o.fiO 1.25 0.11
Tuma o.o} 0.r.8 0.38
San rrr.TnliCT data— Maximum temperature.
tS; mlnlniura. 4>; mean. .".3.
WEATIIUIt CONnmONS AND GENERAL
rOItECAST.
A area «• h'.rrh presssn cvcrll^s the country
between Urn Si. rrar ar.l the [tocky llounlalns.
A Morra of mr>(>jate energy «ivrrJles th«
eortii (>t Ca) c. Mer.d.-icino. Th* premure. ha?
fallen rteai:!:.- durir.^ the }.H-t twer.ty-four
t.i i:r.- ft' :;i <a;«- ll' + --> to Cu;>e I'isappi.'lnt
rr.<nt. The tetaperature has remained Dearly
ttatloaary ov«-r the c< ttntry wt.t o: the Rocky
Urcotata*.
Bouthcast fti-rm r!rr.;«!s are dirplayed along
t!ie Couht. at I'crt Brace M«uloc:no end Uu
reka.
An infonnaUoa sltnal is ciopiayed at Bxn
FYanriwo nnd I'o'.nt Kcyi-s. Outbound vessels
are warned rf h'.g!' f=>.mh*Jistirly winds olont;
ih» coast north of San Franelneo.
V'irfcnhi na'it r.t Snn Francisco for thirty
f-nding rntdnlrht. Nottilxt 24. U»3:
For Nor.h<-m CHllfornla— Cl -rj.jy Friday, with
mm along the coast, and fh^wers in th»- in
tr.: r of # .he northera portion: brisk southerly
\vit..'.s. pr. i.ully 1.:».h en lh<- o.ait.
I.i Southern raJiforr.lH-Falr Friday.
For Nevafla-Clooar Friday, with rain In the
For Arizona— Fair Friday.
Fcr F*n Fianrlno and Vl««lntty— Fa!r Friday,
%-:th thowcrs and : -Ik soutbeatcteriy winds.
ALi:.VANDi:it G. McADIE.
F>-rfcast O.'flcSal.
EAS . ' LRKET&
AYa» For/: 5/or/j Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. a.— The »tr*-k • -.•; ■ t as
a whole continued dull ond nerfected. while
professional opermttai worked ihelr win with
« few ptocli.l. marking thexa up or offering
them down ■ucec—ivriy. A singular icuuni
of the narrow parfcet was the number «t ex
trcrr.Hy low-priced Blocks, usually dp&lgnatrd
«* "emXM ar.J dots." which wen tak«r, v;. .:::J
r-oved widely. A number or ihcM wne traded
in at undiT 110 a i-h.tiv and rtill ..iturs at
iVi.rut t'-i ur Jess. S°n.e or tUf.«e stocks do not
".„.,„. jn the rrcord f»r nvnths .■:.■! unually
[Ire only * culmination "i a ftrrious bull simu
lation which )«;<-!** th.n. (rr an cdvance n»
every other available rtoek has l«-cn «xh:.m.t. : «j.
Vow<- of O* Individual mocks which run- >■♦-»
,^>nv reacted to-day. while other storks
Jt'^f.iat'd by Identical or cloctly affiliated m
f"; furrf movd to a higher lev.l to oor
.,,Tnd TU'-re wow ifm« point* of w»ul;n. h.«.
«MtaWv in the anthrarlte group on ax-cunt or
?Zl a Jcuwlon or it now line to b* worked m
!. ?rr l't tly tut the undertone of tho market
£ "K r I'rm 1" i «*!«Ttatlon or a Rood weekly
rVk «Sexa«nt. W «rcngth or Individual
'fk.lnd a natural tendency to ke<p the
ft T rll Mrt hard. The money market did not
r T .w • In'rraw In the lending powers by
T fl^ n .^ Tho demand for UnllM FUWi 4
thP i™,cf ISO »» »" indication of the tmns
l £? of the cavlnm bank» Investments rrom
fcrt ' Cnr. t rn i bards which the Government
O,e K j lf "l t ,, t , ■!>,.- redemption money i>o •■•:'
J 'u r ; tf<^ clun-. no 'relief to the moil.-y
I S,rw tr»Mfem are aIFO bclnjf made
market. b ™'"\. rt * t(1 n>w York city bonds.
Sn^SHrSSS hls'beea m^e this week.
There fund*, as soon a* they become available
to the city, will find their way Into the money
market through depository tianka. The bid
price of both th* old 4n and the .'« oa the
Stock Exchange has been raised to above the
treasury's redemption otTer. The stiffness of
the ;>x-al money rate was sufficient t<> cause
a further decline in sterling exchang? In spite
of the hardening of discount In London, where
there is a gtneral expectation of higher roon^y.
Individual movements of Importance to-day
wen? advances in the Chicago, lmllanapollp a:id
Louisville stocks of «v each, which were after
wards pr&ctlcally wiped out; a rlsw of 6 s ; In
Consolidated Gaa on the restoration of chnrges
by a comj>etlng company Indicating a termlna
i tlon of the war; fair* of 1\ each for the
; Baltimore and Ohio stocks and of 3»« and 4> 4
; rt-Jp^tlvelj- for th« Metropolitan Elevated
etrvoky. Leather «■?«• conspicuously 4U. while
the- prefi-rre.l reacted li- Sujrar was al?o
, rtron»r, but diJ not maintain its extreme rise.
; Quite a number <-f minor stocks bhow gains
. of a point or upward.
IVsilnfc" In bon.l* were not larre. but prices
were vrell maintained. Total tales, par value.
Vr.!ted ?tates 3a. new 4s and If advanced 4
j la tl.e bid prl?e.
NEW YOnK STOCK LIST.
I Shares Closlns
SoiJ. uid.
LTti Atch'son 22^
4.JM Atch'.son prefd C 6
i^? Baltimore A t)hlo L 6
c\u.adlan l'actflc &5
4<"o Canada Southt-rn &3'^
1,6*0 Chehiil>eaic- ft Oliio iis\
4,1"^ CTiicupo Great Western li^j ■
T.Ji.S Chicago. Ilurhnsion & Qulnry 131 1 * i
7.413 Chicago, lnj & Louisville 15 :
Z.(av Chicago, Ind A: L#.mlßvllle prefd 4$ i
iuo O.iciso & Eastern llinois s-3
Chicago & Northwestern 10G
Li'ci Chicugo. Hock inland di Pacific 113*4
12.273 C C C & Bt Ixiuls 63V* j
COO Colorado Southern 6\ i
I Ct>lcra.io Southern Ist prefd 4»U !
Colorado Suuth*rn TJ prefd l* s4s 4 I
Z.Z2Z l»elawore /t HuJsi>n.. 120',
L4i'O Itclaware. Lackawam.a & Wectern.lSS j
luJ I>enver 4 Kio Grande ?0 7 i I
210 X>enver & Rio Grande prefd T: i » ;
Erie i:i, !
466 Erie' Ist ptvfd 3;i« ■
12j Great Nurthtra prefd l?S l » ;
10-i lLx-klnir CtAl I*
Hiking Valley 34»* ,
40» Illinois Central U4\
400 lowa Central 14
lowa Central preM £3
Kansa* City. PUtsburg A Gulf S*i
J.IT» Lake Erie Western I"'*
41-0 Kike Krle & Western prefd J>o
ICS iAke Shore IC'S
fcM Louisville .v Nashville :. fcs'i
4.U0 Manhattan Elevated 1C3 T *
110 Mi-troplitan Htr«et : ; >*ay 1»3
S2) Mexican Or.tral ISVi
1.C30 MlnnenpolU & St Louis Co : »
. " Minneapolis «v St I* ■:» prefd M's
S.CTS M!m >url Pnclflc 4-> l 4
TOO Mobile & Ohio 45 j
Missouri. Kansas ft T«-xn.s 32*
210 Missouri. Kanras & T«*x*s prefd Z'.'\ i
T. 700 New Jersey Central IJI4 '
r.C'75 New York Central 13T»»
2.iC5 KorfOlk Si Western ST 1 *
2i'> Norfolk A Y«>stern preJd "o*4 i
440 Northern Pacific ll l t i
SSO Northern Pacific prefd Tf.', j
&00 Ontario & Western 2'*i I
Oregnn Itallway & Nay 42
Oregon Railway & Nay prrfd "C '
2.0T1 IVnnxylvanla ISP 1 ! j
I-*) Reading 2 n v,
13.5i0 Rtading -• prefd E^»*
1.500 Reading 2d prt'fd St' l^ !
Rio Grande We'ti-rn 43
700 Rio Grande Western prefd S7
100 St Louis & San Fran . 11
250 St Louis .v San Fran l»t prefd 72
t?t Louis & San Kran 2.1 j.refd ... 36*4
2» Ft I»uls. Southwestern 13
4''»o St Louis, Southwestern prefd ?.2H
L.'-<) St Paul 125\
iVi bt Paul prefd l'3*u
100 St Paul & Omahl 11*5
33.5C0 Southern Paclnc 43*;
E.6SO Southern Railway ISS
13.r.0 Southern Railway prefd B^H
2>iKi T.xas & Pacific l'* l i
8.570 Union I'acltic 40\
2.027 Union Pacific | .>-fd H
400 Wabash s: S»
1.5ii0 \Vat-ai.h prc-fil ~ 3
7(jo 'Wh.-elinc & L H II 1 *
2,fro Wheellns ft L n Id prefd »W
1.C42 Wlsconsla <>ntr«U li»v»
Express Companies—
Adams 112
American 343
United States 4H'/j
■W.'.l. Karpo i Co*« US
4io^:S^nnn 37.;
11* An-.r-rican Cc.tl<in <^11 prefd . . SI
4in Amt-rican Mnltlr.g 12
Jf* Aitierioan Maltlr.p preM 4(i^
Z.W) Am'-rican BraelUng 4" H'finin? 3:<*»
I.S-0 Am Bmrlting Ar Refining profd t'.'\
American Spirits . i
American Spirit* prefd 17
a.t>7 American Steel Il<v>p *r.V»
2W American Hteel H.>op prefj 52»4
4.0J Arsfrican Strel .t Wire 4".»
American Su-el & Wire- prefd ?<S
275 Arn«ricnn Tin Plate .. 34' i
American Tin Plate prcM '3
11. CIO American T'.hacco 11V-4
Atnt-rlcan Tobacco prefd 143
111 Anacr nda Mining «*« <r,
P.T2". P.r.ir.Ulyn Rapid Transit SS\
r^l Colorado Fuel A- Iron f.2«4,
s.c> Continental Tobarco a\
1 <:"> Continental Tobai-eo'pn-fd 92's
IS.i-iO JVderal Steel r.h>i
2.'i!2 Federal St^el prefd Ml 4
6.C47 tlr'irrßl F.l^etrlc IC&%
I.* Glucoye Sup.tr £,2
ClJurrnip Suitar pr»-fd lfto
KO International Paper 25
M 0 Intprnatlor.nl Paper prefd f3
I^icl^de f!w 77
National Rlwult 41
National Biscuit prefd ]r.-»
National Lead ;>i 4
Nittlonal I>-ad prefd 10SU
X.tVi National Ste. 1 45%
SCO National Eteel pr*M '.'.". p'^i
N>w York Airbrake 144
T.fffi North Am>n-r)can 14%
IC9 Piiciflc Coant f<iu.
Pacific C.-, a yt in prefd " ye, '
Pacific Chart Id prefd f^«i
2.CfiO PaclOc Mill 4-.t'
3.(C0 People* Gas .'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.Mi
Pref.-wl Hteel Far T7U
V<o Preyed Steel Car pn-fd '.....'..'.'. fSU
Pullm.-.n Pilace <"nr pju
425 Mar.dard Rc|«? «"i Twine i7i~
«>r,i Sugar 'ysx,
icr. Sugar pr»>M i'.'"iisu
i.CTA T«nn Con] * lrr,n !"IHU
5r.2 ( 3 Unlte.l Statcji Leather 2:al
I.'.ITS T'nltcd State* Ix-athf-r prefd 79
UnitM Statfs Rubber 47U
IS7 l'n!t*-cl Stales Rubber prefd HI
VO Western Union - $71;
2^o Uopubllc Irr.n & Steel ' 21U
110 Repulllc Iron & i^teel prefd .... ' «s
rcc ast ix> u u .....* :::;; ?t%? t %
SIISJ Share, .old.
CLOSING BONDS.
HoH o U ' *** WIH'M k&T 4s S3U
U S Ss reg 103> 4 N V O lets ... m«
U R !s coup IO»U N V C gen C 5.... izoi;
U S new 4s. re R .i32i . North Car la 'y
\} J . S n ,':. 4s « rou|> ]-.'•, North Car 4fi....;!i04
"So
I U S old 4s. coup..U3'» Northern Pac 35.. C.» 4
I U S f,s. re* ui>. Northern Pac uKI«2
U R fF. coup Hl', Ny<: Ast L "s rV
, Dto CoL 3 C 55....117 M & W oon 45.:? Sv.
A abama riass A.IOIVS N & W gen r*... m«
, A .ibama clous P.. 11l Oregon Nay ISU1 S U 10S
i An. a ma class C.lOl jOregon Nay ...1 SU
iA ;'; ' '?' na Cur m Or^on SL Cs 12K»4
I A . C v n **? *'•• 9;<>i ° S I. Ron 65.:. i]«
Irl* .. HH ° n « ad A 4s — W fading Gen 45.. Uk <
-»• )•■- R a w : •
ft SF K m 6s 114*5
§gs . Bt Paul ooMouT^tn
P :. s .3
n&R GUs 102 Sou lev f, ... ios>4
BUnd H ft T h
£ T > , & fia Uts..lP3^ Term n s 3« C«
rw*W,-" 7JV4 Texas A Pac 15u.113
IV. & D C lsts. 73 .Texas A Pae 2di tA
C5...U3 union Par 4)...«:. i««
O»J » & 8 A 65..110 Wabaah lsts .I.MiSS
j Gal H& S A MB.MHI Waba*h Ids .. iioo?.
TnE SAN TRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, XOVEMBEE 24, 1899.
Houston & T C r.5.112 |We?t Shore 4s 113
H & T C con 1a... 110 wis Cent luts II
lowa Cent lsts 114U V'.r Centuries i. > 1.4l .4
X C 1 • lV G lstn.. RH| Virginia def 5
Louisiana n c 4».10:»; Colo & Sou 4s 85
L & N Unified- 4». W\ Southern Pac 45.. S4^i
M X & T Ids 7CH
MINING STOCKS.
Crown Point 18 Ontario 8 00
Chollar JO Ophlr &0
Con Cul & Va I 40 Plymouth 10
D*-Rdvvood CO Quicksilver 2 00
tiould & Curry.... 15 Quicksilver prefd.. 725
Hale & Norcross.. 35 Sierra Nevada .... 15
Homestake CJ 01 Standard 2 .'•')
Iron Silver .",4 l"1 n Con ?2
Mt-xlcan 4C-Yellow Jacket ... li
HOSTON STOCKS AND HONDB.
Money— ;West End prefd 115
Call loans 5 CTiWesthse Xl 44
l*lin» loar.s Weathte El prefd.. ("4
Stockb— IWls Central 20
A T ft S F 22S| Uonds—
AT&i 3 F prefd.. M Atchlaon 4s 9£V;
American Sugar.. .U-Vii Mining Shares-
Am Sugar prefd.V.llS (Adventure 6l»6 l »
Bell Telephone ...S^2 Allouei M!n C 0..., 3Vi
Boston & Albany.. 2SlVi ! Atlantic 2-
Boston Elevatod...li>l4 -Hoston a Mont 315
Bo?ton A M;Une...2>* ;Qutte A Boston ... •:
Chgo. Bur & Q...132 T ijCalumet & Hee15.. 760
Fitchburg prefd.. .l2o Icentennlal 22"^
General Kl^.-trtc...lS'.'»i ,Franklln 174
Gen Electric prvfd.l33 Humboldt 14
Federal Steel ... tS% Osceola 80
Fed Steel prefd... l'arn.t 43Vi
Mexican Central... 13 1 , yulncy 164
Mich Telephone.. ..lo7 ; Santa Fe Copper.. 8V»
Old Colony CO7 ITamarack til
Old Dominion 30>-; :winona 7V»
Union Pacific .... 4^S ; Wolverines 414
Unt<-n Land 3 Utah 37
Weet lind C 3 I
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. 23 —Money a call easier
at 3^7 per cent; last loan. 3 per cent, ruling
rato 6 per cent. Prime mercantile paper, o^'if
6 per cent. Sterling exchange ea.«y with actual
business in bankers' bills at 14 si\ for demand
an.l ut ; - 80"sS4 SI for sixty days. Posted
rules. J4 Sl't and J4 SC' t G4 S7. Commercial
bills. 54 SOV.»4 Slrti. Silver certificates. bf>\r-t
I'.i'jc. Bar bilver. tSSc. Mexican dollars, 47>4C. ;
Government bonds ftrong. State bonds Inact
ive. Rullroad bunds firm.
Cash in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 23.- T •- lay's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able ca*h balance, $;S4.j3i/,102; gold reserve,
$:i5,421,C£5.
London Market. ,
NEW YORK. Nov. 23.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's Ix>ndon financial cablegram pays:
The markets here were quiet and dull to-day.
An uneasy feeling was abroad, capitally In the
African department, cauwed by th« delay in
striking a blow in Nam: The delay Is regarded
In some quarters an ominous. Conjil* wer*
acaln sold, toucnlnit li'2 T « and r^'lvinir to
H3 1-IS. the bank return showing a diminution
of £1.500.000 In Government >«tui ili<-.v wiuia
seems to indicate that the soiling has be^n by
the bank. Americans were brisk during tho
flrst hour. Prices were then held firm to the
dose, though business wa* of small dimensions.
The features were Southern preferred, and
Chesapeake and Ohio. Spanish 4s were Co\ -
Tlnt-.s. 46»». Of gold £lf0.0»0 was taken for
River plate and £M>CO for Natal. The demand
for silver continues.
The Bank of Bengal has reduced its dis
count rate from 7 to 0 per cent.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Nov. 23.— Canadian Pacific, 9SV, :
Union Pacific preferred. 7S**: Northern Pacific
preferred. 775; AtchlF.in. 22*;; Grand Trunk.
7 1 -}-; Anaconda. &*-. Bar slllver, quiet, 27 S-lCd
per ounce. Money, 2H per cent.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Nov. 23— FLOUR-RecMpts,
25.192 barrels; export*. 8519 barrels; sales. 10,000
packages. Moderately active; buyers and Holl
ers apart: tendency a little easier with Wheat.
Winter patents. 13 6003 S3; winter ralta, S3 3S
03 JO; Minnesota patents, J3 s'i£H 10.
WHEAT— Receipts, 165.675 bushels; exports.
245.911 bushels. Si>ot weak; No. 2 red. 734 c
f. -o. b afloat «i 1; No. 1 Northern Duluth,
7C*,c f. o. b. attoat to arrive; No. 1 hard Du
luth. 7S'~c f. o. b. afloat to arrive: No. 2 re.l.
71'je elevator. Options opened w*ak at >«c de
cline, under lower cables and weak Western
Indications. Later there was a partial rally on
local covering, but again the market turned
weak on the appearance of export and specula
tive demand, while private relgi advances
were also bearish. Closed ireal at ■ net de
cline of U&He- March, 7.'&»,S76TiiC. clofM
7r.Sc; May. 75'»ff73 13-16 c. closed 7540; Decem
ber. 71 11-ISS72 : *C, closed 72c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES- Firm.
METALS— The local Metal market continues
In a weak and unsettled *'.*:•■. with prices
mere or less nominal. Unfavorable English ca
bles and disappointing news from the West.
added to urgent selling pressure and an Indif
ference of buyers, were the leading causes for
the depression. At the close the Metal Ex
change led:
PIG IRON— Warrants dull and entirely ne
glecte'l
LAKE COPPER— Quiet and unchanged at $17
617 25.
TlN— Lnwrr and easy at 127 55^27 65.
LEAD Steady at 14 «-'"f«4 fij.
SPELTER— Easy at si 40«J4 50.
The brokers' price for I>.-ail Is $4.40. and for
Ccpper 111 25.
COFFEE— Futures <-\ «ed firm at a net loss
of five points. Total sales, :55.2.'.0 -.ass. Includ
ing December. j:» F'VyS !>o : January. 15 75*33 80:
March. IS Sif?s 95: May, J5 iCQi 10: .Tune. V 00
Qtbl; July. $6 0. r Tf. -': A-jg»i«t. |? 2o; Septem
ber. U200OS; October. Jfi 3?.(Q5 40.
Spot Cofree— Easy; No. 7 Invoice. CH": No. 7
Jobbing. 7Si<*; mild. firm. Cordova. . . ll\c.
SUOAR— Raw. quiet, but steady; fair reHn-
Inc. 3 13-10?: centrifugal S6-t<?ft, 4Vic; molasses
sugar. 3 y-16e. Refined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts, 3r23 packages: strong.
Western creamery. 23JJ26c; June creamery. 22
«&"2>: lactrrj'. K.^^lSc.
EGGS— Receipts. 5755 pnekages; strong.
Western ungraded at mark. 14©23 c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. Nov. California dried
frultp. steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Commcn. Gfi7e;
prime wire tray, ""ififvc; choice, B*iSi4: fancy.
PRI S
APUICOTS— RoyaI. 13® 15c; Moorpark. 150
17c.
PEACHES— Unpceled. 7H^loc; peeled. 20tT22c.
Chicago Grain Market.
« _^
CHICAGO. Nov. 23.— Wheat opened weak in
pynipatliy with Urerpool'a decline and the. las
situde wan :iot overcome during the snuiJl
trading with half the pit empty. December
opened H'ti^c udder yesterday's closing at
C 6* 4 'SGC T i,c and May V lower at 71071 'ic.
Fluctuations «••!■■ narrow and the decline was
■low, but pf-rslFtent. The visible. It was pre
dicted, would Incn use 1.&0O.GOO bushels. In the
face of this a Bloomy worded story of Hessian
fly Inroads In Kansas failed as a tonic. Chang-
Ing of December contract, for May formed the
main part of tha business. Final prices were
at tho bottom, Dccexr.brr closing u,c lower
at MKGfiEttc, r-i.il May -v- under at 7(>c.
j Corn was ireakj h-lplessly rellnijul^hing Its
! recent pain When the trenstb of wheat ebbed
away. Trade was dull and fluctuations narrow.
I December doted hf^f'tic under yesterday at
CHc; May tiowd '«c lower at 33'ic
« >:its w."ie easy, with corn. The demand was
poor. There was a fair scattered trade In
futures, but it wits not conyplcu'jus. December
dossed VfJ*-'' 1 v-r at 22'/;tf23c. May closed
He unil<>r ycHtrrday at I4»;c.
The provision i.,:■■:'-..■:i .,:■■: '-..■: Ml fairly firm, th
bulk of trading being done at prices a trifle
o\«-r yesterday. January pork cloyed unchanged;
1 Janunry lard 2V*c higher and January ribs a
Khrtdc better.
The leading futures ranged an follows:
Articles- Open. High. Lnw. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
December C6^i «7 6*514 m
May 7i T « 71« 70% 70%
Corn No. 2—
December 32% 82»i S2V4 S2V4
January H% 31% 31>i 314
May ... ; ... ; a , 334 , v , 33v*
:■—
December*.... 23V4 23H mi 23
May -v. Mi 24H 24V1
Mess Pork, per hbl—
December • 00 8 10 8 00 8 05
January I M I 65 8 50 9 624
May 9 624 » 67*4 » C2«i 9 62V»
Lard, per 100 lbs—
December 4 <-:4 *M ' 4 874 490
January 610 C 124 610 5 124
May C 274 6 324 5 274 6 324
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
December 4 85
January 4 P2V4 495 4 924 493
May 6 074 6JO 6 074 610
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady: No. 1 Spring Wheat, 63*56.V; No. 2 I;.-,]'
C74«jCS4c; No. 2 Corn, 324C32%c; No. 2 Oats"
23»i^24Hc: No. 2 White. 26 3 r; No. 3 White.
Is',i©CCc; No. 2 Rye. We; No. 2 Barley. 37@43c;
I No. 1 Flax Seed, 34; Prime Timothy eeed,
12 03CT2 20; Mess Pork, per bbl $7 COSJ9 60; Lard,
per 100 lbs, •• 80-^5 05; Short-rib Sides (loose).
JJBo«juls; Dry Baited Shoulders (boxed). s*,©
f <? <-. , Short Clear Sides (boxed), $5 1565 20;
Vlisky. distillers' finished good*, per gal.
.
Articles— . Receipts. Shipments.
I- lour, barrels U.aM 12.000
}\ heat, bushels 155.000 13.000
Corn, bushels 19S 000 328.000
Oata, ? U8 ! s 215:0O0 403.000
Rye bushels gOOO Bi ooo
Barley, bushels 57.000 22,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creamery. i:.'--.j2s^c: dairy,
fres*h C 'l-4SIT ef Weak: n^'B l '^- Eggs, easy;
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat- Dec - Mar. May.
5.»™' n « 5 9 110% 6 11
clo8tn « 5 S% 6 10Vi 6 10Ti
__ PARIS.
o^nin a c- Nov - -June.
?^ nln X 17 65 n95
C F?our- 17 ho 19 00
y 23 70 km
Cloßln 5 24 00 23 15
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Nov. CATTLB -Prime cattle.
Steady; others lower; short horns and Here
fords sold at J7 15. the highest price In fifteen
! Xf,^ «/'>"-';' cholce jr. :r, a 7a 7 15; poor to me
dium i I 4 20,,5 20: tnlx^d itockei 1383 75; se-
Uc-VU c -V^ 11 f-Tf -TT ii t rs V J4lo^«°: Kood to choice cows.
Lin smVi,-"' 1 M4OWIGO; earners. |2tf2 R5;
11 J-'^Hr 10^ 4 1j: calves. $;.,:. fed Texas beeves.
VJ~7?J?I £ n ** Texn " ctevrs. }: 10«N 15; West
»-: r. range beeves. J4Q3 10
I 2? S ~? V to 5c lower. Closed weak;
M?^!. 1 !^? 40 51 r " UKh heav >'- "603 S5; light,
nntu E -Steady, lambs, strong and active:
nathr «mbera, $3 6004 40; lambs. 14^5 25
■n wethers, $3 75^4 15; Western lambs.
12 1 000 CelPt CaU1 *' 11 000: hogs, 34.000; sheep,
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or.. Nov. 23.— Clearings, 1328,
924; balances, 132.048.
PORTLAND, Or.. Nov. 23.-Forelgn wheat
shipments from Portland for th« week ending
to-day were 3J1.1J4 bushels.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Nov. 33.— There was a weaker
tone to foreign cables again to-day and the
Eastern markets were lower. Locally there Is
bo little doing that chances In the world's
markets do not seem to make much differ.-!.
In quotations. Fifty-two rents can be obtained
for Walla Walla and Valley Is nominally the
same price with less demand.
WASHINGTON.
TACOICA. Nov. 23.— N0 change In wheat;
club. MHtc; bluestem. Uc.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Nov. 23.— Consols, 102 15-16JJ103;
j Silver, 27 5-16 d; French Rentes. lOOf 37Hc01OOf
! 27Vic Wheat cargoes off coast, firmer tend
ency; cargoes on passage, firmer tendency: No.
1 Standard California. 29s 4H<l; Walla Walla
j - : " 10'vl. English country market.", firm.
' LIVERPOOL. Nov. 23. - Wheat. steady;
! Wheat In Purls, firm; Flour In Paris, firm.
I French country markets, firm.
Cotton— Uplands. 4'4d.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL. Nov. 23. -Corn-Spot American
I mixed new and old. stendy, 3s s'-.d. Futures—
j Quiet; November, 3s SV-'l; embei 3s 61;
January. 3c C'vl. Wheat— Spot steady. Futures
-Qulot; December. Is S»,d; March, la 10' id;
May, '■ 10 7 »d.
» «
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Stirling Exchange, sixty days — $; tt%
Sterling Exchange, sight — , j«i..
btei ling ' 'able .- . — 4 87*
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, teiegraphlo — 15
Mexican Dollars _ 41514
Fine Silver, per ounce — £9^
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Futures declined In sympathy with
foreign advices, but spot quotations were un- |
: disturbed.
Liverpool was lower, but Paris was higher. I
. Chicago was easier on this showing, and the '
j only demand wa* to fill shorts. New York,
however, reported free buying by exporters
' U S C'* t s?l^Ce^' at ~6hlPPlnß'~ 6hlPPlnß ' |ieim * : rr.lU.ng.
CALL HOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:l3 o'clock— May— «ooo etli
Jl Mi. December— $1 On;. '
Second Session— May — 1000 ctls. $1 not,- <*» 000
$1 034; 24.CC?. $1 <*U. December— tOOO "nt
II CIV.; 4C'OO. $1 014.
Regular Morning Session— May— lJ.oOO ctls !
HK ; J; 62.CW. II os\;. December— l4.ooo ctls'
jl 00%; 100, $1 "l 20.000. $1 w T ,.
Afternoon Session— May— . ■-■ ctls. $1 0S4 # I
lO.ono. II fss. I>ecember— 2000 ctls. $1 00*,
BARLEY sole demand Is for lots that
; will pacs Inepeetlon for call board delivery
everything el«e being neglected. An off lot sold i
: as low as S2'. ? e. There Is nothing doing on call.
Feeds. 7j<iS3*;c; Brewing and Shipping !
grades, 874G924c; Chevalier, nominal.
j CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:lS o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— The market continues firm enough,
but the dei 11 d .- clack.
White. 51 lPfil SO; Red. $1 07431 20; Gray
tl wet 174; Black. ?sef!i|l 07' i.
CORN— Nominal at 11 DTV4GI 15 per ctl. Small
lots pell tip to !l 20.
RYK-Quoted at Il©l 05 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at II Cx"^! 15 per ctl.
Flour and Mill stuffs.
FLOUR,— California family extras. $3 60©3 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras. ?I 4i>33 SC; Oregon
and Washington. 13 40^3 50 pet bbl for extra,
13 Z~~Ti3 <n for bakers' and J2 2;if?3 for superfine'
MILLSTT'FFS— Price-t in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. |3 X per 1-.0 lbs; Rye Flour. J2 75; Rye
Meal. J2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal. $;■ 50- ex-
I tra Cream Cornmeal. 13 25; Oatmeal. 14 25- Oat
Groats. }4 50; Hominy. 13 25^2 50: Buckwheat
Flour. %i<H 2Z: racked Wh»at. |3 75: Farina |
14 SO; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 SO; Roll! Oats
1 (barrels). SB O. r .f;s 15; In sacks. 15 SiijS 25; Pearl
P.arley. JO; Split Peas, J4 60; Green Peaa. iZ per
100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Bay continues weak la splta of moderate re
celptn. and }10 can now be obtained only for
strictly choice let*, and then it Is a squeeze.
Ilran and Middlings are weak, but no lower
BRAN 60^17 per ton.
MIDDLINGS- SIBQ2O pit ton
FEEDSTi:FFS-Rolled Barley. 117 SOfJIS per
ton: C'il Cake Meal at the mill. J26&27. Jobblni
; J27 . r .C<?i2S; Cocoanut Cake. 1204/21; Cornmeal'
j 123 M"i/ 24 50: Cracked Corn. J24Q2i; Mixed Feed
1 $16 hOilU: Cottonseed Meal. J2S per ton.
hay Wheat, 17 tOOI for rcnamon to good
mil f< ."•.-• for choice: Wheat and Oat J7(?9-
Oat. I7<??S r,o : Itarley. JJ@7; Alfalfa, Jigs pur
! ton: Compressed. J7iRlO p»r ton.
STRAW— per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
There Is no further advance In Beans, but
1 they are very firm, especially Uayos, which
are rcarce.
BEANS Bayou. J3 25if?3 50; small White. $2 90
OS; large White. ii «o©2 50; Pinks J2 75; Reds
J3 7:.iit. Blackeye, 14 / ,iv.. Butters nomi
nal; Lima. Jl 9085; Pea. J333 a . Red Kidneys.
i . '■■ per ctl.
SEEDS— Hi am Mustard. 3(834c; Yellow
Mustard. 4fc44c: Flax. $:• 124: Canary. 34c per
1b for « altfornla and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa.
7«Sc; Rape. 24;gf3c; Hemp. 4©4V£e; Timothy.
4Jt4'ic.
DRIED PEAS— NUes. II 35@1 50; Green. $1 75
Cl Si per ctL
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Onions are firm at the advance. There Is no
change In Potatoes. Tomatoes are dull and
lower. Bay Vegetables are weak and dull.
Green Peas are coming In black.
POTATOES— River Reds. W^Coc; Burbanks.
C(*JICSc per Ml: Salinas Rurbanks. JlOl 23; Ore
gon Burbanks. C3cSSI 10; Sw.-et Potatoes. 73©
Ssc for Rivers nnd $1 10 for Merced.
ONiONS-75c«»i per ,-tl
-VEGETABLES— Green .Peas. 3#7c per Ib;
Btrtng Beans. T©9c; Cnbbage. 40<S50c; Tomatoes.
15-530 C: Egg Plant. 35<ff50c; Dried Okra. 124 c
per Ib; Garlic. lOie; Green Peppers. 6(VB7.'k::
Carrots. 30£40 c Mr sack; Cucumbers. 35<&50c;
Los Angeles Summer Squash. 75c per box;
w-« ow!al Squash. S»o@l2 per ton; Mushrooms.
10012 c per lb for choice and 4SBo for poor.
Poultry and Game.
Thus far this week eight cars of Eastern have
been received. This stock Is bringing 12^13c for
Turkeys. $;,-.,;, 50 for Hens and «4- r . for old and
young Roosters. There Is considerable on hand.
Turkeys are In free supply and weak.
Game shows no particular change, but there
Is some left on hand nowadays, .even at the
lower range of values.
POUIiTHY- Live Turkeys. 13.314 c for Gob
blers and 13@14c for Hens: Dressed Turkeys. 13
©17c; Geese, per pair, 11 75<j2; Goslings, II 750
2; I "ink.-. |4fr4 60 for old and Js©« for young;
Hens. ?4''/5; Young Roosters, $4{j)4 60; Old Roos
ters. $464 60; Fryers, $3 6084; Broilers. $3 6064
for large, J3fjf3 50 for small: Pigeons, $1 per
dozen for Old and Jl 75fi2 25 for Squabs.
GAME— Quail, 31 50; Mallard, 16.^7; Canvas
back, ti-nl: Sprig. 1363 60; Teal. $2 S0«3; Widg
eon, $2512 50: Small Duck. 11 75ift2; Dove*. 75c
per dozen: Hare. II 25*81 60; Rabbits. $1509175:
Gray Geese. BSS0O4; White, $150; Brant, 1173
fi2 50; English Snipe. $160 per dozen; Jack
Snipe, 1101 •.;..
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter continues to exhibit steadlnes with re
: duced stocks, though there is no positive ad
! van .-. Cheese remains firm.
Eggs stand the same. Ranch continue scarce.
BUTTER— .
Creamery— Creamery. 24f?25c; seconds,
20Jj23c.
Dairy— Fancy, 22ig224c; good to choice. 21c:
common, Me.
Pickled rol!-21G:24c: firkin. 2Ofi2lc; cream
ery tub. 330 MC.
Eastern— l7(s ISc for ladle packed.
CHEESE— Choice mild new 12<312Hc: old.
114 c: Young America. 124'&13c: Eastern, 154®
lie; Western, 134(K15c per lb.
EGGS — Quoted at 274*5350 for common and 43
645 c per dozen for ranch- Eastern— Cold stor
age, li'u 1? - (or firsts and lie for seconds; fresh.
23'<J25c per doz.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
There are free supplies of Oranges on th?
market, but prices show no further decline.
Lemons an steadier under lighter stocks. Limes
and Grape Fruit are slow of Bale.
Grapes are rather easier. There Is no change
1 In Apples and Pears.
; DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 2lff6sc per box for common. 75c©Jl for
good and $1 2COi 1 60 for choice.
BERRIES — Strawberries, 110 per chest for
small and 1304 for large berries; Raspber
ries, 16&7 per chest; Blackberries. Js@6; Huckle
berries. l\i'i- per lb; Cape Cod Cranberries, UQ
9 60; Coos Bay Cranberries. $1 6031 75 per box.
, I'erßimmonp. Mo7i« per box.
I Grapes. MOne per box; crates, 66c@|l.
Winter Pears. 60c®|l 75 per box.
Quinces, i' <i:>oc per box.
Pomegranates. 50&75 c per small box and $1 60
per !ar»e box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. 12 50#l 23
per box; Seedlings. II 50-Q2 25: Grape Fnilt. 11$
4; Lemons. }li?l 50 for common and IM
3 £0 for Rood to choice; Mexican Limes. 13 60i»
4 50; Bananas, $1 5083 per bunch; Pineapples, $1
4j2 60 I •■: d l.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes. In sacks. 4»;e for
40-50' s, 4U^4V4c for 50-60' s. 3=>ic for 60-70" s. 34<J
for 70-SO's. Be for 80-90's and 2»ie for 90-100' s.
Apricots. U9Uc for Royals. 124316 c for Moor
parks and ISOMO for Blenheims; Peaches, 69
.'.,,■ for Standards. CS64C for choice and 7c for
fancy; peeled Peaches. I24'fflsc: Evaporated
Apples. 7ji7 s ;c; Sun-dried. .J-.^c per ib; Nec
tarines. S4Gi>c per lb for red Pears, C'j'uSo for
Quarters and E'fflOc for halves: Black Figs. :@
3V~: White Figs, 4 jj ■■ ■ : Bleached Plums. B@9c;
Unbleached Plums. 7Q74c for pitted and 14c
for unpltted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice. 6c; Ktandard. Sc; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per Ib, Ic. Sultanas-
Fancy, per Ib. 3Hc; choice. 74c: standard. 640;
prime, oc; unbleached Sultanas. 6c; Seedless,
f.O-lb boxen. sc; 2-crown loose Muscatels. l%c;
3-crown. €He; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers.
2-crown. II iO per box; 3-crown. II 60. Fancy
Cluster?. 12; Dehesa. |2 CO; Imperial. $3. All
priceu are f. o. b. at common shipping points
In Calilornla.
chestnuts. ?ffl24c; Walnuts. 9@lCc for
Btanrtards and 104'ullc for snftshelT; Al
mords. 12'JT13 l riC for pnper-shell. lOSllc for soft
and r.'SCc for hardshell: Peanuts, s\S6*;c for
Eastern and •"■ for California; Brazil Nuts,
7V<iSc; Filberts". ll';'i|l2c; Pecans. lOiillc;
Cocoamitf. '« 6t^fs.
HONEY— Comb. 114W12c for bright and 104@
lie for light ember: water white extracted. 74
C!>c; light amber extracted, 6**@7c; dark. 54c
l^r :b
BEESWAX— 24S2€c per lb.
Provisions.
There Is nothing new to report In this market.
CURED ATS — Bacon. 9\c per lb for
heavy, t%(e for light medium. 104 c for light.
12^c for extra light and 13c for sugar-cur.-
Eaxtern FUgar-cured Hams. 124 c; California ,
Hams, nominal: Mesa Beef, $12 per bbl; «xtra
M. -- 113; Family. 114: extra Prime Pork. 114 60;
extra clear, 117 50; Mesa. 116 50; Smoked Beef,
HitUViC per lb.
LARD— quoted at 64c per Ib for
compound and 7c for pure; half-barrels, pure.
7V»c; 10-11. tins. 8c: 5-11, tins. M,c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 7r*^7Sc per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
It Is difficult to give accurate quotations for
moment. They Rre so scarce, and
::!<in'l li> (.1 sharp, that lots are sold over
er again the same day that they arrive.
The prices below are a fair reflection of the
market, how<
Tallow Is In liberal receipt and lower again.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands boll
about Ie under quotations. Heavy salted steers.
II 1 .r. medium. 104 c; light. 10c; Cowhides. 10®
104 c; Stags. 7.-; Salted Kip. Me; Calf, lOe-
Dry Hides, sound. ISc: culls and brand*
14c; Dry Kip and Veal. 16c; Dry Calf, IS©
19c; Sho-psklns. yearlings, 20335 c each; short
Wool. So'iifiCc each; medium. 70'ST90c; long Wool.
I r-.il i'-'i each: Hnrt><> Hides, salt. 12 60 for largo
and II ■! i 50 for small; Colts. 60c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 6c per lb; No. 2,
44c; refined. 64c; grease, 24c.
WOOL—
Fall clip. San Joaquln plains. ?fi94c: South
ern. StflOc: Middle County. IPSI24c: Humb.,ldt
and sfendodno, 15«16c; Eastern Oregon. 12 ii l.c ■
Valley Orel 15{«1Sc: Northern Mountain,
free. 11911 c; Northern Mountain, defective, 10^
lie per lb.
HOPS— 7© 10c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Hoprn «how some further changes.
BEEF— 7Q 74c per lb for Steers and 6437 c for
Cows.
\ I M, 3Q»U per lh.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7c; ewes. 64c per lb
LAMB-*CSViC per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 5H?T5*;c for small. 5H4?
s^ic for medium and BO&Uc for large; stock
Hogs and feeders, 64?; dressed Hogs. 6\,^Bc.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags. 7Jf7*4e; Wool
aOSOc: Fruit P.aßs. 6c. 6i 4 c and 6%c for
the three grades of white and 7>,,c for bleached
Jute.
COAL— Wellington. 18 per ton: New Welling
ton. $a. Southfield Wellington. 17 50; Seattle IS-
Bryant, 10; Coos Hay. 35; Wallaend f.- Scotch
. Cumberland, Jl.J 1 .- 75 In bulk and $11 25 in
Hacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg $13- Can
nei. MM per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, 11125; Coke. 113 per ton In bulk and 115
In ?-acks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash. In 100-11 bags-
Cubes, a Crushed and Fine crushed 5»4c- Pow
dered. SftCJ Candy Granulated. sc; Dry Granu
lated. 4-, c; Confectioners' a. 4" c; California a
; Magnolia A. 4'ic; Extra C. «%c; Golden
C, * l ;c: barrels. 1-lCc more; half-barrels 140
more; boxes. 4c more; 60-lb bags 4c more
No order taken for less than 73 barrels or Its
equivalent. Dominoes, half-barrels 6^c- boxes
svic per lb. ...
BROOMS— Have advanced all around. The
Broom Corn combination has markr.i up prices
for the raw product, and the other articles
which enter Into tho manufacture of Urooms
have advanced 100 per 0 :.t.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY. NOV. 13. 1593.
Flour, qr sks.... 9,370 Sugar, bbls ..... 1C
Wheat, ctls 1 •.:■• Lime, bbls . " 273
Barley, ctls — 12.683 Quicksilver, llks s«
Corn, East, ctls 1,200 Kgg*. do* 6mi
Corn, ctls I.4<H> Rnlslns. bxs "" 5*625
Butt«r, ctls 129 Leather, roils .. 'I*7
Cheese, ctls .... 112 Hides. No .... m
Tallow, ctls .... 24) Pelts, bdls ; 3 S4G
Potatoes, •«■ •■ t, ■' Wool bags ... '20
Heans, ska 1.400 { }lops. bale ..... 43
Onions, sks .... 45 Powder, car .... , " * 1
Bran, sks 1,540 Wine, gals .... " 47 wn
Middlings, sks .. 100 Hay. tons .... '-,4
Bugar. sks 1.200 Straw, tons .... 5
ORB
Flour, qr sks.... £20
THE STOCK MARKET.
The leading fluctuations In securities yester
day morning were higher prices for Spring
Valley Water at J&O'yDD 6 j '.-,,. (ias & Electrio at
S U ■ as..n Plantation at J.'7 2;.-, t
27 124 QUo! Powder m lower al '
?"■ Th. - v , sale of li.iwailan Commercial
..: i . ■■ l;uslr.ess wni« .
Change* 0:1 th. call were slight
except In (ias & Electric which sold up to i'yj
and fell back r. v * J
1 in tlu> GaUforata <>ll Exchange higher prices
were paid for several stocks, notably n.'-ii
Wav<- > nda.
The Ooeank M,-umshlp Company h M de
eJarc 1 n dividend of 50 cents per share, payuble
The Buckhom Oil and Transportation Com
pany has declared a dividend of S cents D«r
share, payable on the ;cth.
STOCK AND itOND EXCHANGE.
THI'RSDAT. Nov. 2S-2 p. m
Bid. Ask. uirt A«k
U S Bonds— Eqult G L Co. M «
4s Quar coup.. — — .Mutual El Co. 14& —
I4s quar re.;.... - - |001.*H... 44 4«
4a quar new... — — Pac Gas Imp.. 66 6*4
I 3s quar c0up... 10341W4 Pac Light Co. 404 40* 4
Miscellaneous— 8 ¥ O & L.... i- . 59
Cal-st Cab 65.U7 — San Francisco. 34 —
C C Wat 65.... 108*1094 Stockton Gas.. 12 —
Ed L & P fie.l3o — Insurance—
F&CI Ry 65. 115 — Plreme Fund.22o —
Geary-st It ss. - »5 Bank Stock*—
H C & S 548.1074— Anglo-Cal ...... —
L A Ry 5».... - 108 IBank of Ca1...354 -
1, A LCo ss. 99 - Cal 8D & T.. «« JJ
Do gntd 65.. 99 — First Natl.... — 24.
Do gntd 65.. — — Lon P A A. ...129 —
LA& P R 68.104 — Mer Ex........ — -«
Market -st 65...125% - Nev Nat 8U...190 —
Do Ist M ss.lWill7U Savings Banks—
NCN 0 H Ta.in - Her S A L....1^00 -
N R of Cal 65.112T,1144 Hum s A L...1050 1160
N Rof Cal 69.1134 - Mat Say Bk.. 39 45
NPC R R 65.101 -HP" Say L... 600 —
NPC R h 55.10S 109 Say A L? 0 - — 85
N cal R R 58.112", - Sec •»« 8k... - 310
OGL. A H 5*. 108 109 Union T C0... U00 1440
Oak Tran 65.1114"2H Street Railroads-
Oak W Co 6s.ius - California ll» —
Ocean B S 6s. Mi 110 Geary W —
Om C Ry 65. .124^123 Market-st ..... «1»* «
P& a K> «.«..iw;~, - oak BLA H. - So
l'k AO Ry 65.11 i — Presidio — 30
Powell-st R «s - 112 ! Powder—
Sac El O AR5s — — California 171 —
SF A N P 55.114\ — .E Dynamite... M 91
SF A 5JV65..115 — Olant Con Co. 95 954
SRy of Cal 65.105& — Vigorit 3l » •»«
sp of a «■....— 111 Sucoi ;r- • in
8 PC 65(1305). — 111 ' liana P C 0.... 9 10
8 P C 65(19C6).11l — Haw CAS Co 9.4 —
8 P C 6s(IJI2).US^ — Honokaa S Co. 33 33>*
SPCIs eg ts. - - Hutch 8 P Co. 27U 27H
BPBr 6s 1234 — Ktlauea 8 Co.. - -;
8 V Wat 6s. ...114 - Makawell SCo 45 454
H V Wat 4H....103 — Onomea S Co.. 344 —
B V \V4s(3dm).lol4lo2V* Paauhau S Co. 32\» 33
Etkton Gas «>. — — UlsceUaneotia—
Water Stocks- Al Pack Assn.llS\»llS4
Contra Costa.. 7« - Mer Ex Assn.. — p '""
Marln County. 10 — Oceanic 3 Co.. 334 944
Spring Valley. 98H - Pac A F A.. 1> -•*
cias and Electric— Pac C Bar i »•!* —
Cent Gaii C 0... — — Par Paint Co.. IVs —
Cent L A P.... 64
Morning Session.
Board— „- M
6 Bank of California •»? «'
125 Equitable lam *50
. 6 Giant Powder Con «JJ
10 Giant Powder Con J* J;^
10 Giant Powder Con »» »
6 Giant Powder Con »•> "
40 Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar .. » ; »0
210 Hutchlnson 8 P Co 2 JiS
.60 Hutchlnson S P Co. b 10 *• 1?4
10 Hutthlnson 8 P Co 17?.,I 7 ?.,
63 Honokaa 8 P Co *? \zp
IJS Makawell 4 V?l'
60 Makawell JJ w
10 Market-st Railway '1 .5
ISS Paaurau 8 P Co "M
10 Paauhau S P Co 32 M
20 Pacific Gas Imp 65 50
60 Pacific Gas Imp M 50
5 Pacific Lighting 40 60
: S F Gas & Electric Co 5« uo
33 - F Gas A Electric Co t" (H>
100 S i" (U.H A Electric Co. s »>) 57 25
100 S F Gas A Electric Co 57 75
35 S F Gas A Electric Co 68 00
35 8 V Water W to
105 S V Water 96 60
20 8 V Water 96 624
Street—
10 Alaska Packers' Aasn 1W 26
$0000 Los Acgcles-Padflc R R bonds ....104 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
60 Contra Costa Water 73 874
C 5 Contra Costa Water 76 00 |
121 Equitable Gas 6 60
20 Equitable Gas 6 374
11 Giant Powder Con 93 on
60 Honokaa 33 0>)
M Honokaa 33 124
M Hutchlnson 8 P Co 27 M
60 Hutchinson 8 P Co 27 374
25 Makawell 45 23
6 Market-st Railway 61 624
120 Oceanic 8 8 Co S3 75
15 Onomea Sugar Co, ca«h 24 £0
50 Onomea Sugar Co 34 50
195 Paauhau Sugar Co 32 50
30 Pauhau Sugar Co 32 374
10 Pacific Gas Imp 56 00
15 Pacific Lighting 40 50
50 B F Gas 2 Electric Co. s 90 to M
0) H V Gas A Electric Co M 50
100 S F Gas A Electric Co is 75
10 S V Gas A Electric Co 59 00
I B V Water 96 374
65 S V Water H 60
25 8 V Water »« «24
15 S V Water 98 75
11000 S V 6 per cent bonds 114 25
12000 SVC per cent bonds 114 CO
1260 U 8 3s 10S 00
Street—
M Honokaa 8 Co 23 M
25 Makawell 45 374
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
290 Equitable Gas 6 874
50 Giant Powder 96 00
20 Giant Powder 95 874
10 Honokaa Sugar Co •. 23 0 11
10 Oceanic S s Co 940'
10 Paauhau Sugar Co 32 25
23 Paauhau Sugar Co .. — 22 374
20 Paauhau Sugar Co 22 50
I IN Vlgorit Powder 3374
100 Vigorit Powder 360
Afternoon Session.
200 Equitable Gas 5 50
10 Giant Powder ...93 60
25 Giant Powder 55 62U
25 Giant Powder 95 75
60 Hutchtnson Sugar ....".; 27 50
20 Onkland Gas *t m
25 S F Gas A Electric "*" v 75
M S F Gas A Electric ' m 75
10 8 V Water £ £
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
100 Tidal Wave 1 39
100 Tidal Wave ' -■
200 Tidal Wave 3 |£
600 Tidal Wave ».....!! j55
10 San Joaquln O A D Co 7a
300 Century Oil Co ,'* jj
100 --no A San Benlto 55
ICO Anaconda OH Co 1 jo
2<"O Anaconda Oil Co 1 55
200 Anaconda Oil Co " 1 go
1 Duquesn* Oil Co 30(00
60 Yukon Crude Oil Co " 120
300 Yukon Crude OH Co 1 25
Street—
10 Anaconda OH Co 1 gr
600 Oakland Oil A Gas \\'. 33
Afternoon Session.
Board—
SCO Tidal Wave . «
400 Barker Ranch OH Co .... "1 is
300 Century Oil Co ' ii
100 Century OH Co iX
60 Yukon Crude Oil Co ■-■"" 5 <n
200 Yukon Crude Oil Co ""** % 55
Street— * * "
60 San Joaquln OH A D Co 75
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
100 Buckhorn • .
900 Dominion j " J»
3300 Dominion "" T;
100 Pennsylvania Consolidated •••■•• 1 «
20 Parkfleld ,i S
13C0 Petroleum Center ' --
500 Petroleum Center, b3O '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. 40
Afternoon Session.
Beard—
300 Dominion 
1000 Dominion 2
1-10 Home OH ,- M
IN Pennsylvania Consolidated..'.'."" 1 05
Street—
1-10 Home OH 390 00
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
JOO Andes 13 400 Gould A Curry IB
2CO Belcher 2* m Mexican \i
200 Baal A Belcher 37, 200 Mexican *■
100 Best A Belcher 36 800 Ophlr 2
200 Caledonia ... 65| 4CO Ophlr """""" "'
Chollar 2l! 1O) Savage V
■ ■ -n Cal * Va.l 4. MS sw™ Nevada" w
200 Con cal & Va..l 40 US Hi , r ™ sl*,^' 2
MConflden.e .... M »jo Lnlon Jon 33
600 Crown I'oint... 21 **
Afternoon Session.
400 Andes 13 200 Mexican ... 4<
richer 25 m Mexican A
100 Best A Belcher 37; 200 Ophlr m
UK) Best A Belcher 33; MO Savage ii
(.'hollar 21! > Standard 2 '*
;jS w°f <^il * & Va - X 40 m lnlon con':::: 33
300 Hale A Norcrss 40 «....*»
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
2M [Alpha Con .... Ml 400 Mexican 43
jx> , Xi ' a '" ; 200 Mexican *6
1930 Best A Bel.-her 37 600 Ophlr 100
SOO Best A Belcher M MO Oph r :::":::' 9H
in ,\ nn "•■ ophir ::::::. 97
30<>Chollar 21 300 Ophlr ....:::... !»»
ciSl £ on H a } & Va.l 45, Ul ° Potoel .. Ski
CO-) Con Cal A V.I 424 300 Savage ' . 14
,J!£ Crown Point .. 22 200 Sierra Nevada. 33
10O> i.rown Point .. 21 500 Sirra Nevada.. 3S
200 Gould & Curry 16
Afternoon Session.
60 Belcher H 200 Mexican 47
2CO Best & Belcher 3- 300 Mexican 4.%
850 Con c a A Va.l 45 800 Mexican 46
100 Con Cal A V.I 424 400 Ophlr 1 00
700 Crown Point ...21 300 Oph I r 93
: 200 Gould A Curry 18 600 Savage H
400 Gould A Curry 17 200 Union Con .... 31
CLOBINO QUOTATIONS.
Thursday. Nov. 23—4 p. m
Bid Ask., Bid. Ask
Alpha 03 05 Kentuck 01 03
Alia 06 07 Lady Wash ... — iv,
Andes 13 14 Mexican 46 47
Belcher 31 30,OccldentaI 13 15
Best A Belcher 37 39. Ophlr 100 105
Bullion 06 06 Overman 16 17
Caledonia 57 60 Potosl 27 2$
Chollar 20 22 Savage jg j;
Challenge Con. 21 Scorpion 02 —
Confidence SO 85 Seg Belcher .. — 04
Con Cal A Va..l 45 160 Sierra Nevada. 37 39
Con Imperial .. 01 "-' Silver Hill .... 02 02
Crown Point .. 21 22 St. Louln _ M
Exchequer .... — 02! Standard jss __
Gould A Curry 16 17. Syndicate _ 0$
Hale A Norcrss 43 — (Union Con .... 33 «
Julia — 02 Utah 08 M
Justice 08 10 Yellow Jacket.. 17 jj
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE
Ess of fta»
THOROUGHBRED YEARLINGS
AND YEAR OLDS
IN TRAINING.
Brothers and S.fiters to BELLE BOYD. SCAR-
BOROUGH. TAR HILL. SILVER
IsULLION. ETC.
Also the Two-Year-Old
SILVER BULL <a Winner) and REINA
JOAQUINA.
Bred by HON. THEODORE WINTERS, at
RANCH. ■ DEL SIERRAS. WASHOE.
NEV. 1 Home of El Rio .-y )
T< BE B<»LD
TUESDAY . ....NOVEMBER 23. HM
At 7. t0 p. M . at
(Under Cover by Electric Light)
SALESYARD. COH VAN NESS A.I-;, and
_ , MAI.KET ST.
Catalogues now reads
Horses at yard Nov. c
CHASE « MEXDEXHALt*
(Successors to Kllllp * CoO.
Uvestovk Auctioneers.
FOR SALE !
125 HEAD OF No. 1 HORSES.
m HEAD OF N<\ i HORSES.
For All Purposes. BroK»n and Unbroken.
Weigh From IVW to 1400 Pound*, at
KNIKHR & ALLAN'S STOCKYARDS.
On SILVER AYE.. Near Ban Kruno Road.
The horse* are Nevada nt « k adapted for city
ui^ and will be sold lmm> iitely st very rea-
sonable prices. KNIKRR & ALLAN.
P.J. BARTH, Auctioneer.
TO-DAY (FRIDAY), Nov. 24. ISW. at 414 Me-
ALLISTER ST.. at 2 p. m.. the elegant Furni-
ture. Carpets. Dithes, etc., of a 10-room Cat,
without reserve.
Notice to Manners.
ran van OniSPO BAY. CALIFORNIA.
Notice Is hereby given that a third-class spar
buoy, painted red and black horizontal stripe*,
has been placed to permanently mark a barge
load of rock accidentally •! w..\-i In San Lula
(•blspo nay. California. heretofore Indicated by
a small wooden buoy.
There Is ten feet of water on th» rocks.
with seventeen to twenty feet all around Th
ten-root spot Is about 200 r*<?t from high water
mark on Whaler Island, and Is .ST.. v, N. from
center of Whaler Island. The buoy is on th*
following bearings, vli. :
San Luis Obispo Lighthouse. WSW. *; W..
S miles.
Southeast corner Pacific Coast Steamship
Company's wharf. N. by W. V» W. nearly 4
mile.
POINT PIICOIL CALIFORNIA.
Notice Is hereby given that the whittling
buoy off Point Plnns. south side of cntranc*
to Monterey Hay. California, which recently
went adrift, has been replaced In Its former
position.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
U. srnp.Er.
Commander. U. 8. N . Inspector Twelfth Light
house District.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrorraphlc Office. XT. S. Nl..N 1 .. Mer
chants' Exchange, Ban Francisco, Cal..
November 13. IW9.
The time ball on the tower of th» new F»rrT
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. * at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at I
o'clock p. to., Greenwich time
C. O. CALKIN'S.
Lieutenant Commander. U. B. N . In charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey—
Tlmem and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Ray. PublUhed by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height nt tide Is the same at bath places.
FRH>AY. NOVEMBER «.
Pun rls#«
Pun sets « I
«es (third quarter) 11:41 p m.
O Time Time Time Time
m Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• H W L. W II Wl L W
!4~T- B:tl f 5.0 11 01 2.» 4:10) S.I 10 « 1.9
IS ... (:C0 5.1 12:10 i! E:24 S.« 11:.$ 1.4
:■> ... 4SS 6.2 1:05 2.0 1:50 S.S
L W II W L. W II VT
17 ... 0:11 1.8 7:11 5.2 l:S0 1.5 1:00 II
IS ... 0:82— 2.1 7<: — 4 2:2( 6•» »11 S.«
3 ... iv 2.4 1:14 S.< I:0« 0.4 10:00 3 9
to ... 2:15 2.7 B:4< 5.9| 1:47-0.: 10:51 4.0
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tide*
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and th* successive tide* of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Th*
second time column gives the second tl4e of
the day. the tnlrd time column the third ttd*
and the last or right hand column gives th«
last tide of the day. wr^ept when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition to th* soundings on th*
United States Coast Purvey charts, except
when a minus sign <— ) precedes th» h»tght.
and then th» number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plan* of
reference 1* the mean of the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVTS.
Steamer. I From. I Due.
: ■ -
I ;
»whunr JGrayii Harbor |Nov. 21
TVashtenaw .... Tacoma I Nov. 24
Fan Mat<-o Nanatmo Nov. 2«
Wellington ... Departure Bay Nov. It
Corona (Pan Diego Nov. 1%
On Sane China and Japan (Nov. IS
Crescent Ctty...|Creicent City Nov. 25
Del Norte Crescent City Nov. J.%
Weeott Humboldt Nov. r?
Homer Coot Hay Nov. 25
Columbia Portland Nov. 24
Aberdeen Portland Nov. H
Orizaba. Newport Nov. 21
Samoa Humboldt Nov. M
North Fork Humboldt Nov. »
Matteawan iTacoma Nov. 24
Pro«cre»o jTacoma |N.iv. Z%
Curocao Mexico Nov. 17
Ukm« IPUKet ."•-•und Nov. 27
Portland 'Portland Nov. 27
Miami Seattle 'Nov. 27
Trillin Departure Ilay INov. 27
Santa Rom Pan D!e*o INov. M
Coqullle River.. ]Ornr» Harbor Nov. M
liueen (Vlctnrta * Puitet Sound Nov. 24
K. Thompson... JComo* INov. 2»
Pomona H'lmh- : • jNov. 21
Alliance lOrrjron Port* Nov. 21
Arcata JCoo* P^iy I Nov. 25
room nay Newport Nov. :u>
Fan is:. i- mama Nov. Ji)
Point Arena.. ..!P"lnt Arena 'Nov. JO
Aloha 'Ttllamook !Nov. 30
Stute of Cal | Portland |D«c. t
■
Steamer. I Destination. WmOm. I Pier.
State of Call Portland Nov. 14. 10 imPlu I*
Coos nay...lN> P" ■• Nov. !4. »amlplerU
Or Dollar.. i!ny< Harbor| Nov. 25, ( pra]
Nip Maru..|China*tJ«paniNov. IS. Ipm PMSd
It Arena.. Point Arena..; Nov. 25. ; rr. l'i»r 1
Pomona .... HumWrtt Nov. IS. Ipm'Pler f
Newburs ..Gray* Harbor Nov. 25. 8 pm l
Weeott (Humboldt Nov. 25. 5 pm Pier I]
Corona pan Diego. Nov. 2«. 11 amiPler 11
I'matllla •■ Vie * Pitt Sd. Nov. 27. inam'Pler »
Weeott Hum*- ' Nov. 27. 2 t'l»r 13
Orizaba .... Newport Nov. W. »amjPlerU
Colon IPanama Nov. VI. 12 m I'MSS
Pamoa IHumhoMt Nov. 2*. IDamlPler ;
North Fork Huini Nov. IT). Jim'Pler 2
Columbia .. Portland Nov. ii. 10 atnlPler 21
Aberdeen ..Portland Nov. 29. 3pnvPlerll
Alame<l.a ... Sydney Nov. 21).2 1 ). t pm'Pler r
Columbia ..'Portland I Nov. 29. ft am Pier 21
Cleveland I'U«.t Sound.. Nov. 20. 10 am l-r 3
Santa Itosa.'San Dleßo Nov. JO. 11 amiPler 11
Arrata lCoo« Bay [Nov. 30. lOam'Pler 13
Cnnulll* ItivlOrayii Harbor;i>c. 1
AllUnre ....lOreiron Ports. 'D< 1 1
Shipfnng Intelligenct.
ARRIVFn
Thursday. November SS.
- romona. Shea, M*4 hours from Eu
reka
Albion. Eri'-ks..n. 12 days from Dutch
I'matllla. Coaata*, M hours frr
1 Pucet p..un.l i>orts.
Ir stmr Westminster. Prtrle. 10 dars from
:lu.
Schr I»flance. Blom. 1J days from Ntw
What com.
CLEAI
Thursday. November a.
Stmr Ohio* Biggs. Manila and Honolulu; U 8
Government.
rerMns C 2° <l Cc? ay# Glelow. San Pedro: ; kxUII
1 '•iknii ii ■
Stmr Indiana. Morle. Manila, via Honolulu
n-nt
ntn tm > r Willamette. Hansen. Vancouver; Good
all. Perkins & Co.
Continued on Page Eleven,OPERA PINAFORE
GIVEN BY GOOD
AMATEUR TALENT
For the Sacred Heart
Church Fund.
— * —
Native Sons* Hall was packed to the
doors last * vening when the young ladies
.tnd rentlemea of Sacred Heart Church
*;a\e a* a benefit for the parish an ama
teur performance of Gilbert and Sullivan's
: un< us comic Optra "Pinafore." As the
music is catchy and the libretto plays
)••- ■:( th« young folks had not much di'f
leulty in (.ivinit nn excellent production.
! ' ■ re was considerable enthusiasm, and
• A.ty good act of the participants was
heartily applauled. Generally speaking.
i.f performance was a very creditable
«n*. Tn« chorus was well trained, and
Ibe roung ladies looked very pretty and
•tng well. The principal roles were In the
ear* of capable <x«cutants. Howard Dur
mont In the role of Admiral Sir Joseph
IVrter surprised his friends with I pleas
:«nt tenor \olce, somewhat robust and
■ •;• -1 in a fleddedly creditable manner. He
' ;V-',Vi V s l i? ri w{th »'>t"Higence.
Will Jacobs, who essayed the part of
• aptaln «. ore .ran. possesses a barytone
\o.<-.' of mv h color and clearness. He
thnvru that l.c is a diligent vocal student.
lor l.c not only sln?s with scientific
understanding, but evidence of ex
<«!lent lntei ju-etatlon. In fact. Mr. Jacobs
rinc« with nls head as well as his throat.
In.r«> Is r» doubt that continued study
will land Mm In the front of our local
vocalistß 'f prominence.
J h * BU " ir °" the .-wning was Miss Etta
\o doubt this young lady has as
pirations for the operatic stage, f.< r she
randies her role with an enthusiasm nnd
• rercy ;hat tells of the ambition to please
ynrh T*opl<» never fall to accomplish their
l'Urpc.*e. and some day Miss Welsh's am-
Mtlo-i will no doubt \>e satisfied. She pos-
MfMis a voice of operatic tendencies, a
rlc'i, healthy soprano, which with the
r,» e*K«ry training will mnke a mark.
T.iere Is Fomfethlnir refreshing in youthful
Industry, and Ulsa Welsh tjhowed In all
1 er work that k!i«- mi;st have worked very
hard to accomplish this result. As a re
ward *rte was presented with many tlow
trs. and applause was not lacking.
Another who gained many ad
mirers wr<s Miss Kmnu Nlcolal, whose
Cousin Jl.be wnii a most successful
BChievement. This young aspirant for op
• ratio honors Is very sedate, and goes
through her part with an unconcern and
r*f>,> almost professional in Its nature. It
was a praiseworthy effort and the audi
•-n.-e was delighted with It. Kittle C. Al-
Kn mad.» quite a hit as Buttercup and I
Fane her folos prettily. The other roles of
any prominence were played by Al Now.
lan. who impersonated Ralph R.ackstraw;
I'enls Bheerln. who portrayed Dick Dead
«>•: James Mr<guire. who represented a
boatswain: with William A. Breen as the
boatswains mate.
The young ladies in the chorus were: I
M!f>^s Gertrude McDermott. Edna Troy. •
Nellie Itiky. Kdna Harley. Mabel Wileus. !
A!i« o Kt-arney. Nettle Henne. Jesslo Me-
Earthy. May Evatt, Edith Tormev. Lily I
Thoaaas: Kitty Sullivan. Annie Cain. Ag
nes Kcndrlck. Minnie Malone. Agnes Sul
livan. Elisabeth Klordan. \largaret Mc-
Carthy. Angela Hhortnll. A -.•■.:.. Corbett.
Mary Mad.l.n. Kranres Madden. Agn^s '
Pupple. Rosamond Meherln. Fannie lie |
80. , m nnd Maud ShortalL
The younc m« n 4n the chorus consisted i
"f: Edward Owena. Robert Rogers Frank!
?.!■•<•». .vern. William Walsh. Ed Shaftf-r. j
"Ke Sullivan. Frank McCarthy. Frank'
1 ' • t.i. John Dnnohue. Bart Folcy. John I
• -v. Edw. p. 1>,,-)lin. Frank * Smith. I
James WVlsh. Han Smith. M. J. Kelly, P.
Meherin an<^ Edward C Kugelherr.
The optra wn,s presented under the dl
r.-riinr. of Mr. Nowlan. the organist of the I
chun li. who directe.l .-xcellently. Much of]
the s;jo<-r«:.- f the performance. Is due to j
his rneri-'y. That the p.-rformnnee was a 1
triumph was «vldenepd »■>• the generous!
n^l'lsu-.- ;c:«l th^ large amount Jn the
ir«-asury attrr th*> entertainment.
TIVOLI OPERAS AND
DRAMATIC BREVITIES
■
-
■
I • tt his
■
■
■
• ' H me" is still draw
■
■
■
i
: - ' ■•.•• amuse the
c . .-er un
- have
■
• ■
■
The excellence of the bill at the Or
pheum tills week attracts enthusiastic
audiences. The «>veiit of next week will
\»t the engagement of CamiUe D'Arville,
~*ho both as prlma itna and concert
tir.p^r has gained a flattering reputation
in Wk; music world.
At Central Park throngs of people have
b«-«-n passing Jolly evenings during the
w»-#k, while children have, crowded tho
;■:■■><<• in ih- afternoons. Professor Hill's
high-wire performances and a reproduc
i!i>?i of the JcfTriofi-Fitzsimmons tight are
receiving much applause.
• and Adgle
re amusing an
■ ■ ;:• With
■ hit.
PLEADS FOR SOLDIERS.
Father McKinnon Delivers Another
Eloquent Address on the War.
Rev. Father Will Jam D. McKlr.non .old
Ml Ftlrrinj: Ftory of the Philippine wnr
Jai«t nlßiu to a largo and enthusiastic
i»uill<nce In Mission Parlor Hall, on Scv
cstcc&th Btrveli Tho occasion was an en
tertainment tflvon by Company E, Leapuo
•if th«« Crons Cadet «. An interesting musi
cal and lifrary programme preceded *..'ie
Introduction of the eloquent chaplain, who
UMVirM-<l practically the snmo ground las»t
night as he Old In his address at Metro-
I .■:.■. Hall.
He briefly reviewed the history of the
Philippines, trarinj? the effort* that had
»>< <n madi! to rjvllize the natives prior to
the American occupation. The. character
istic* of the islands, the traits. Kood and
l.nd. of the native, were described in an
Interesting story. Th«- trials and trlbula
lion* «.f tn« American troop* offered op
portunity for v pathetic picture*, which
tin- Fpr-aker *ald In* drew to ln^'-lrc In his
hearer* a purpose to support the HoldierH
with every energy. At the conclusion of
thf nddr»!<s Father McKlnnon received
•tli«* KenerouK tribute of a hearty cheer
c with
Lie on the Bherman. which is Bched
1 uled to sail on December 10. I am going
••Imply as an army chaplain, but will, of
course, render -Stance In my
power to Archbishop Chapelle. That Is
all there is to the matter."
RAN INTO THE ARMS
OF THREE POLICEMEN
''Kid" Young, a Notorious Thief,
Commits a Bold Robbery and
Is Instantly Apprehended.
"Kid" Young, a notorious pickpocket, i
was arrested last night by Officers Peters,
Cavanaugh and McMahon and charged at
the California street station with grand
larceny. The prisoner entered the Proa
cott Swiss restaurant at 129 Montgomery
street, and after eating a 10-cent meal
proffered a five-dollar gold piece to the
proprietor. C. Tedrotta. The latter hand
ed back $4 75 change and Informed Young
that that was all he had. Young there
upon llshed nround In bis pocket and
found n quarter of .-. dollar, which he
tendered the restaurant keeper. Tedrotta
turm-il to change the 25-cent piece and
as he <lld so Young bolted out of the door
with the gold piece and the $4 75 he re
ceived in change. Tedrotta sprang after
the thief and Mew his police whistle,
which attracted the officers and Young
ran Into their arms. The police are
••lated over their capture, as the prisoner
bf« ng borne a bad reputation as a
pickpocket and sneakthief.
■ ♦ ■
TAXES PAID UNDER PROTEST.
Corporations Refuse to Pay on Bond
Assessments.
Tax Collector Sheehan was kept busy
yesterday receiving protests and refus
ing offers of money on persona! property
taxes. John W. Mackay and R. V. Dey.
trustees of the will of the late Theresa
Fair, refused to pay taxes on $L7/>OO of
West Shore Railroad bonds. $278,090 of
Southern Pacific bond* and $57,500 of Com
mercial fempany's bonds. They offered
to pay JlnJl S3 on other property, but
Sheehan refused the money because It
was less by $-vJ97 74 than th© total amount
called for on his books. The trusttes
claim that the bonds ire held In New
York City and are therefore not taxable
here.
Wells- raid the sum of $3433 51.
representing the taxes on 1210,615 In
bonds, also tinder protest.
The Bank of California tendered 133.-
W*s M in payment of its personal property
taxes. !»ut the Tax v-olleetor demanded
the full nmnunt of 114.W7 66. which ihe
bunk refused to pay. The difference in
tln> two amounts represents the taxe3 on
bonds assessed at $210.ri45.
The "Jerman Savings and Loan Society
paid $22.;34 07. but protested against pay
lnc On bonds valued at J2..T34.512.
The San Francisco and San Mateo Rnll
road «'onipany notified the Tax Collector
that the sum of tSZO SS was on deposit
in the London. Paris and American Bank
subject t«i his orders as payment for
taxes on t/se real estate belonging to the
company In this county. Th. company
refuses to pay the taxes on Hh personal
property, as it has already paid t<» tho
State on an assessment by the Board of
Equalization.
» ♦ ■
CALLS HER VILE NAMES.
■mak
■
■ k- the title "m
■
-
• ■ ■
■
■
|
LONDON. PAHIS AND ROME.
A larc «n' mnbled in th<>
Guild 'hurch
n l.
l.itn.
■
I tlcon
■
of the church. The affair waa for the
churd 111 net them a nan
; HOME STUDY COURSE. r
1
1 An eight-page supplement ,
I containing all Home Study ar- !
. tides published from October <
13 to November 15, both dates •
\ inclusive, has just been issued. *
, Copies can be obtained at The *
' Call Busintt>s Office. .
Bad Whisky Drove Him Insane.
The story t -. r ti
irie owing to his
inltla;
■
among ny mi ■
' rs that O lfnx whisky
rington'i
the "Curly 15.
The initiation took place a week apo
Saturday night. Harrington was the first
of ten that were given the degree, and he
betrayed no sign that he was any worse
for his experience. On Tuesday he was
taken to the Stockton Asylum to be treat
ed for ins.initv.
Grand Secretary I,unstodt of the Native
Sons attended the initiation eeremonk* at
Colfnx. and said yesterday that it was
Impossible for Harrington to have been in
jured by what took place.
"The Initiation was very simp' and
could not have hurt any one," said Mr
I.unstedt. "The youn* fellow had been
drinking of late and kept It up after the
Initiation, as before. Dr. Ware of Colfax
says that Harrington was near to insanltv
before the Initiation took place. He hail
been treating Harrington for a blood , i,,
on the brain.
' Lund that Harrington had
'■^t hi ■ f the boys In fun
• his Initia
tion.
w '"' there • • lU , datlon
for it ;it all."
Discharged and Rearrested.
Alexander R. Anderson, saloon-keeper
on Clay street, between Drumm and
East, appeared In Judge Treadwell's court
yesterday to answer the charge of man
, slaughter in connection with the death of
his wife. Georglana. October 29. The ver
dict of the Coroner's Jury was read ex
onerating the defendant, and after Attor
ney Huef had read the evidence [if the
autopsy physician at the Inquest the
Judge dismissed the cane, as there was
nothing to support the charge. Anderson
on leaving tho courtroom was immediate
ly arrested on the charge of assault to do
great bodily harm, and his bonds were
llxed In $!'•'•.
Boniface Leonhardt Entertains.
Hen • genial hot of
r.-irk < Sasteo, entai
a nunilMT of his friends at l.reakfa
Wednesday morning. The affair to,,^
In the lar;.-' Hi Ing i-. .m. and
among the
prominent business men of th« city. The
ttstioally . i and
:,e,l under the Weight of the
•■.itiK"- that Boniface Leonhardt had
ired for i!i>- feest
Found an Abandoned Baby.
An abandoned baby mi found lost
night by Policeman McDowell in the
Halrway lending to the residence at 632
Hrannan street. The infant was
wrapped in an old shawl, and was re
moved to the Receiving Hospital. No
trace of Its Identity was found on Its
person. _ ■_• _
Justice Kerrigan HI.
Justice of the Peace Kerrigan, who has
been ailing for a few days past, was so ill
yesterday that he was obliged to adjourn
court. Hh will take a vacation of two
weeks at some health resort in the hope
that be will be cured of the rheumatic
lever Irom which he is suffering.
THE SAM IT HAS CISCO CALL,, FKIDAY, JSOVJiMBJiK 24, 15.:.).
Alameda
MR. METCALF IS
WELL PREPARED
FOR CONGRESS
Leaves Saturday for
New Scenes.
Oakland Office Pan Francipco Call,
■ • ; idway, Nov. 23.
Congressman lletcalf leaves for \'» -u
infrtoii .in Saturday. The two neat pio
jt-i t> so I < krant >■
with which the Oongressman has
• forwarding of the work
land post I the si ttle
i rbor quest lon.
The postoftlce work is practically hung
up until the local Representative gets to
Washington and confers personally .with
the Treasury Department. There is evi
dently a misunderstanding sisting re
garding the actual values of the sites of
fered the Government, and Mr. Mctcalf
goes East with ample data to straighten
out this matter, bo that the Government
can begin to usi» the money appropriated
by the last Congress and of which $73,000
was made Immediately available.
The harbor matter is one that is caus
ing both Congressman Me teal and Sena
tor lVrkins a great deal of worry. The
two sides of the estuary are opposed to
each other, and us the representatives
appear for both bides their position is not
an enviable one. The town of A!. mil da
has officially taken a stand in favor or
the completion of the tidal canal. The
Hoard of Trade of Oakland has just taken
official action outlining its views, which
differ materially from those held by Ala
meda. The Oakland people desire that
Mr. Metcalf introduce a resolution into
Congress asking thai all matters In con
nection with the harbor be submitted to a
board of engineers to t^- appointed by the
\\ar Department, and this resolution of
the Hoard of Trade has been submitted
to Congressman Metcalf, with a request
that he act upon it.
Mr/ Metcalf has not yet committed him
self definitely to cither view and goes to
1 onsress armed with enough data and
argument from both cities to make a
small library.
When abked yesterday how much atten
tion he was giving to the political side of
Congressional matters Mr. Metcalf re
plied: "I see there is already a candidate
proposed as my successor. * I have been
too bunv to pay any attention to the ac
tions of others in thnt matnr. but it is
a privilege of every citizen to run for of
tlce and 1 do not blame anybody for exer
cising that privilege."
tnETv Vi"" 1 ?' 1 U ,*' Perry, who was chap
lain of the last LeßiFiature, will go East
us Mr. Metcalfs private secretary.
MARRIED AT MIDNIGHT.
A Young Couple Who Mistook Ala-
meda for Hymen's Abiding Place.
ALAMEDA; Nov. 23.— Charles Foster ol
San Jose and Miss Laura Paris of Sonora
were married at midnight last night by
City Recorder St. Sure. "Cupid " trown
ing. Deputy County Clerk. v...> the only
witness. About 10 o'clock at night a
handsome young couple called .it the resi
dence of Judge St. Sure and informed his
Honur that they were desirous of his ser
vices in tying the nuptial knot. The Judge
asked In his parental way if it wus an
elopement, and the young couple an
swered in ■ .. „,„,,
told the City Recorder that it was neces
sary for him to be married last night, as
he was golnj,' to start East at 7 o'clock in
the morning, and desired the company of
'uple had beard so much
lfiig« In Alameda that thej con
; this was 11.
that all th.y would have to do was
tgi I m.uri. d They had
J come without a marrlaire 11
and it i0.,k.-d as if the young man
unless
uld be procured In nine Re
kindly undertook to heln
II- knew : .
uraj a deputy In
If the young man would
go and hunt up Mr Browning at 1615
man
• document The
post haste for Sher
man street, found Mr. Browning a
duced him to ti i hit ke . . Hmi
him to Oakland, wl . i ,t1)., t1) .
mty Clerk fl found
ink marriage certificates and In
: the proper names and d
•i! with th( ument the
- men started f<ir Alameda. L»urini{
the meantime the j .■ ..,i ,
Ity H.ill. where the genial CH
corder kept Up h.-r spirits with tali
it waa 11:16 •
wh.-n her futurv husband and UrowninK
■ takland. Jud^-- .- .- .
In his noted quick and finished wa]
formed the wedding ceremony, kiss.-.i the
blushing bride. ung couple hur
ried to catch the last narrow-tauue train
for the city.
The young man was formerly In the
employ of Tillmann & iiendel ol
Francisco.
SWINDLER CLAIMS TO
BE AMERICAN OFFICER
Max Schiemaugk, on trial in Berlin,
Declares That He Was Former
ly a Major of Volunteers.
BERLIN. Nov. 23.— Tho trial was besun
here, to-day of Max Schlemaugk, who de
scribes himself as a former major of
United States volunteers, on charges of
obtaining money under false pretenses.
Evidence was produced showing that the
accused had assumed fictitious titles and
had carried out a series of swindles in
Berlin. It appeared, according to the tes
timony, that he was born In Germany,
served as a private In the German army
until 11*9. and committed many dishonest
actions, In view of his claim thai he was
elected a major of United States volun
teers during the Spanish-American war,
the court endeavored to And in Berlin
some person reliably informed regarding
the American militia system. This at
tempt proved unsuccessful. The Judge
sent for Count yon Goetzen, former mili
tary attache to the German embassy In
Washington, who was commissioned by
Kmperor William to accompany the Amer
ican troops during the war for purposes
of observation and official report. The
Count, however, said that the American
militia system had always been a mys
tery to him.
MAY EFFECT A COMPROMISE.
Committee Appointed by Union Bank
Depositors.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 23.— Some 400 deposi-
BMt In Turn Verein Hall this morn
tnif and dlncuss.-d the affairs of the de
fanet Union Savings Hank. President
Of the l'oard of directors presided.
Meeting wai called f<>r the purpose
:nj; if a compromise could be ef
between the stockholders und the
.1. posltors. The stockholders desire to be
from ail further liability if tti
the $70 . nta that have bean levied
on the shan i <>t bank stock.
President Rea made a i-ipr statrment
at the opening of thr meetlnc. li-
If. till th»- stoikholders paid tin- .
menta over HM.OOO woui.i come lnt<
and it would be m..r.- than sul!l
■-. Of the MOO -
000 due depositors, <_--;, W aa outlawed
by the statute ot liniitation.s and the
■tockholdexi oould not i«- held responsi
ble tor it. if :::'... per cent pf th.- stock
holdera would pay Ul , tin- assessments
Itora would be paid In fun. |{,-., i,. -
lit vc«i that :•» pi-r cant of the stockhold
er** «-<ivil«i »-■ compelled by suits to pay
the assessments. He thought the stock
■ Ing persecuted at pres
ent, as they were buns sued individually
in the <'ourts for their pro rata liability,
n!d ;il?-o assessed $70 for each share <>f
Stock- He wanted the depositors to agr.-e
not to sue If the assessments were paid,
NEWS
of the Bay Cities
MUSICAL SECTION OF EBELL
PLANS SWELL "AT HOME"
SOME OF THE LADIES ON THE PROGRAMME.
OAKLAND. Nov. 23.— "at
home" of the musical section
of the Shell Society on Satur
day afternoon next from 2 to
5 o'clock will be the leading social af
fair of the week. An attractive pro
gramme has been arranged and will
be presented for the most part by
members of the society. Tea will be
served.
Heretofore the section has held Its
"at homes" In the evening and in the
form of a muslcale. Saturday will be
the single exception And promises to
be even more enjoyable than the mu
si. ah wen ihe hall of the noelety
will be prettily decorated and arti
ficially lighted for the occasion.
ALL BUT IGNORED HIS
THREE STEPCHILDREN
1 of Martin
San Pi
bate in 1 1
• unty this afternoon.
: N p\ ember v )*'■«. and by
thed 1
v • Xli to William
I Eugene J i ■ tels, childr< n
i wife by a I
■ of the estate, both
■ • ■ oueathed to So
phia 1 ighter, who is nam< d
• !.. ut bonds, and who ap
:: the .state. The heirs
all reside In Han Prandsco, and t!
• i of l Oakland realty and a
shipping business at Ml Main stre. ■' -
Isco, the total \aluo not exc-edii.K
■
Captain Badger's Funeral.
OAKLAND. NOV B Th*> funeral of the
iptaln Thomas w. Badger, held this
aftern .on from his late reslden. •
I Oakland, was well
BURIED ON THE HEIGHTS.
OAKLAND, Nov. 23.— The funeral of Shirley Brodt, the younp engineer
who met a violent, death last Sunday by falling from tho roof of
his home on Eighteenth street, took place yesterday, and was at
tended with some unusual feature*. At the borne '■■ service* were
conducted by Rev. Eugene Benson of Berkeley and consisted of the simple
Episcopal service. From there the funeral cortege under great difficulties
climbed the hilly road leading to the heights of Joaqnln Miller's retreat.
"When near the crest the funeral train halted for a few brief moments and
then completed the sad Journey on foot to the burying ground laid out
some time ugo by the "Poet of the Sierras" on the extreme top of the
heights, where one of the most beautiful views of this vicinity is afforded.
There the remains of young Brodt were laid in their tlnal resting place, close
by the very spot prepared by the poet to retain his own ashes. The Brodt
family and Poet Miller are warm friends, and the burial ground was se
lected for Shirley Brodi at Miller's suggestion. Several monuments, Includ
ing one great mass of stones upon which the poet intends his own ashes
Khali be deposited, have been erected there and provision has been made
for the interment of other members of the family when they shall have
been called to their Maker.
At the burial of Brodt, Joa<juln Miller delivered a few appropriate re
marks. In which he spoke of death as merely a phase of eternal life, and
he offered words of consolation to the bereaved family.
and suggested that F\K-h a motion be
made, in case such an agreement was
■ i Into he thought the assessments
would be paid.
A number of depositors spoke in favor
of the matter. ()■; motion of W. W. Vin
t.-r. a committee waa appointed to meet
a like committee from the stocknoldera
and s.e ir the matter could not be ar
i ■ • nt i:. ■ made W. w. Vin
ter chairman of the committee and nanv d
as h.- tea <;. Lingua, a. Martin
<;. B. Cottle, N. K. Wretman, F. W. Pot
ter and Samuel Holland. The meeting of
the dej committee and Use com
mittee from tht stockholders will be held
Saturday morning.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Postoffice and Army Changes and
Pensions Granted.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 23. -Jeremiah En
rltfht of San Prmndsoo has been appoint
ed Lieutenant of Police in the Interior
Department, at a salary of $840 per an
num. Otto 11. Pysitz of Shu Francisco
has bean appointed surfman at Golden
Ufa saying station, Han Pranolsoo.
The Postoffloe Department has com
mlssloned ;<s i>ostnia«ters Frank B. Hart
man, Eldridge, ami Alexander E.-son
Plalnfield, < California.
Army orders By direction of the Ah-
Slstant Secretary <>f War the following
named enlisted men will be discharged:
Private- James MrMride. James R. Shep
li.-r.-'.n and Charles Qerreln, Fortieth in
fantry; Private Wheeler Jacobs, Porty
lifth Infantry, San Francisco. Acting As
sistant Surgeon Charles \V. Farr will
proceed from Elmlra. N. V., to San Fran
cisco. Private Honry F. Mcmltou, Twen
ty-rlrst Infantry. Presidio. Ban Francisco,
will be. nent to the Army nnd Navy CJen
eral Hospital, at Hot Springs, reporting
upon arrival to the commanding officer
for treatment. Private Henry Herbst,
Sixth Cavalry, now at the Presidio, San
Francisco, is transferred to the Hospital
Corp- as a private, and will be sent to
Ann.-l Island. Private William F. Ste
vens. Third Artillery, now at Fort Ifason
win be discharged.
Pensions- California— Original — Robert
H Warner, Hie Trees. $i:\ increase
rial, Nov.-nii>.r 13, John w. Lambert Ban
I (lego. $:•( to PO; William Reaney, Oak
land. $fi to $8.
Ori-Kun oricinal— John W. Jackson.
dead. Salem. $V Increase — George S Pos
er. Qoble, $•; to $8.
w -hinKton— Original — Daniel Blres
Spangl--, ♦-; John it Russell, Skagit, $S.
HOTEL BURNED.
Defective Flue Causes Destruction of
a Corona Hostelry.
RIVKRSIDK. N-.v. 2.1 Th.« handsome
three-story hotel at r,,rona was totally
destroyed by fire to-day. The cause of
the fire Is supposed to have been a defec
tive Hue, the flamea first being discovered
OB tlia roof. The greater part of the fur
OAKLAND
Mrs. Otto Blankart heads the r p
• mmlttee. and has as her i«
sistants Mrs. Crosby Hyde. Mr». W.
O. Cullen, Mrs. E L. Dow, Miss Kelly,
Mrs. J. W. MeClure, Mrs. J L. <rlt
tenden, Mrs. Edward Welh*, Mls»
Maud Edith I'm • \i- Oeorge Ham«
mer, lira, Bnyi and Mrs Kendall.
Mrs. T. «'. Coogan and M::,. i
will have charge at the tea table.
The programme for the aft<
;en with a piano Quartet. Mrs.
Welbe and Mrs Crittenden will pre
• the first piano and Mr 1 - H
and sirs. IfcClurc at the seeood. Mrs.
l>orn will rend.. ■ vocal solo, and
tlu-r>- will be a dUO by Mrs. ("uil.n and
attended by many old-time acquaintances.
Amon,' the numerous fi< ral offering
a larc anchor, emblematic of the
life of I v. William O. Shaw.
of the Church of the Advent, oon
. islstcd by Ui-v.
Hamilton Lee of ftiartines. who wm form
erly r«ct..r ..f the Church ol the Advent
at a time when deceased wan a regular
attendant there The interment «
Laurel mn Cemetery, San Francisco, and
the pallbearers were C. H King, O. T.
:.. Kirkham Wright, W. C. Mason,
E. H. Shaw and J w Dutton.
Turkish Tapestry Tree.
Commencing Saturday, November 25, to
November so. buy $"j > or over ai
oMv.- 20x20 Turkish tapestry free. w<-il
worth ,*J ."-'. J. Cohn A Co., tailors, hat
ters and K**tit?i" furnisher Wash
rit.. nakl.m.!. bet :nh and 10th. •
Arrested for Insanity.
OAKLAND. Nov It Victor < '. Bailey,
aged it years and residing at fiiti Twelfth
street, was arresti ' for Insanity thl-- aft
ernoon at the inst.iii ,f his mother, who
became alarmed over his peculiar actions
the past f. v. ...i\ and who feared that
he niK'ht become violent and do her bodily
Injury. He will be examined tO-BB
morning.
nlshlnps of the house were destroyed.
The property belonged to J. T. Durton.
and cost $4ii,im"x> ten years ago. There «a«
$60Wt insurance on the buildings and $l"«j
on the furnishings. Many boarders in the
house lost all they possessed.
Price's Plans.
SEATTLE. Nov. 23. -John Garland
Price, the delegate Of the Alaskan Con
fieailunal convention to Congress to ur^.
the passage of needed territorial legisla
tion, arrived bore to-night. He will pro
ceed to Washington in about ten days.
Hf will :isk for a seat in the House or
the privilege of the floor to explain his
mission. 11. said: "I po forward with
confidence and will reiy much on the
Washington delegation and Congressmen
Who have vteltea Alaska and know mil
in idl for assistance. I will nrst seek an
audience with tjie Committee on Rnle:
nnd afterward apply for a hearing before
the committees on Territories and Judi
ciary. I will remain In Washington so
long as 1 can do any good."
Woman Attacked.
PASADENA, Nov. 23.— Mrs. H. C. Prinz
of this city was the victim of an attempt
at assault last night. She got off a car
coming from Los Angeles and Started
across lots for her home. A ruffian s-!z. d
her. .lapping ono hand over her mouth
and threatening to kill her II
I !• amed. She Struggled In an end a . i
to free .herself, and finally managed to
cry out, upon which the villain fled with
out accomplishing his purpose. Mrs. PrlM
suffered only from the nervous shook in
cident to the experience. The police have
a dew to the Identity of the man. The
woman's husband is employed in a photo
graph gallery.
King Jury Disagrees.
FAN JOBB, N iv. 23.-The jury In the
Abraham King forgery case came Into
court to-night at 10 o'clock, after being
out thirty hours, announced that it could
not agree and was discharged. It stood
nine for acquittal and three for convic
tion. King is the pioneer capitalist who
was charged wltn Forging the signature
to an $1S receipt while guardian of the
. : tate of Stephen Hobson, an insane per
son. Six other indictments fur felony are
pending.
Ward Is Dying.
SAX LUIS OniSPO. Nov. 23.— Deputy
Sheriff Ward of San Diego, who was as
saulted on the steamer Santa Rosa at
Port Harford 11 few weeks ago, Is much
worse to-night and It Is thought he can
not recover.
Shot Wife and Self.
MOT'NT VKUNON. 0.. Nov. 25.-In a nt
of Jealousy to-night Charles Goldshnrnugh
shot and killed his wife and a (r-w min
utes later shot and killed himself. The
tragedy occurred in the rear of Golds
borougn's saloon.
NEWS
of the Bay Cities
Wtlhf. A violin 5.010 win p r *>-
cede the :.i- f number on the pro
gramme, a piano < t 'urtet by Mrs.
Hyde, Mrs • .ii. n. Mrs. Welh© and
Mrs. i >ow
The 1 - tty will be very large
ly represented and many cards :
been Issued to guests The weather
limn. ti. ii will be
of it..- largesi ol th«
■odety is enjoying a popularity
not excelled b r similar or
ganlsaUon in I - Not onlj
it proved Itself a fashionable and an
intellectual organisation, but a capa
ble One, as shown by its successful
efforts to raise the pur
for the library site.
SENSATIONAL LAING
DIVORCE TRIAL BEGUN
OAKLAND, Nov. 23. -The trial nf the
rce ault of Isabelle Turn
hull Lamg agaij M i^ains.
wherein both parties >■• • k a decree on th->
bi of intid.-lity and cruelt
eomm« ■ re Boperlor Judge Gi
to-, lay and win oeeup] MTeral days. The
plaintiff in her cunplaint name* her sis
ter. Jemima Turnbuii. as co-respondeat,
while the defendant hi his t\
complaint names one Etohart mil as co
dent The interesting details net
fortfi in the p|. heretofore
exploited in Th,- Call, ai
racts were adduced In the testimony I ik- p
Superior Judge "Kden has just granted
■ h of four divorces. Fl
n fr I from Warren E.
McOowan on the ground that he willfully
ted plaintiff. Sh<- was jflven cus
f a minor child. Emmerson M
an, and defendant is ordered to pay 31"
Iy toward the support of the child
und of willful desertion i ! r
Duncan was granted a decree ol
from Mary Duncan, arid on the -am
tn una Oeorge w. Graven wa~ .:
fp.m Josephine Gertrude <v iv< ■. Virginia
r Lelghton was also given a d
against Elvan E. Kei K hton. a
•' « Wl •: -■ rted h.-r some Tim-
Ihe court gives her ,f a minor
child. Ludle I.tluhton. and possession of
all the household furniture. Defendant i"
ordered to ; nthlj alimony.
Student Injured in a Mine.
OAKLAND, Nov. n.— Ktuene Wa»rtrers
waa suddenly summoned to
unty, to-.; . | tnat
rother, Fred waggershauser, fnrm«-r
■tudent of the Sr it< University had
in. t with a seri ip. The student
took a leave of absence from coll<
nhtnin some jiractical < xperirncf nt min
ii.uv and It was while working In a mln«
nt Jackson that h~ was caught In a cave
sustaining a crushed left leg, which the
physicians believe will have to be ampu
tated.
• ( >
2 »
2 •
1 ii
I . I
Q I . .
I In the Sunday Call,
2 NOVEMBER 26. 1899.
■ z
I HOW I SPENT 63 THANKSGIVING
2' DAYS AT SEA.
J By CAPTAIN HOLMES.
©
I SERGEANT WASSON TELLS HIS
S fiction. OWN STORY. '
J FASHION AND
• pages of the what SAN FRANCISCO HAS TO BE
• best examples THANKFUL FOR.
• OF THE
• illustrators' PRISCILLA ALDEN.
©ART TO BE SEEN „ , ILLrt ALUfcN,
0 A Califorman, and direct descendant of Longfellow's famous
• IN ANY "Priscilla," in a page of »eci=; pom for
! J SUNDAY PAPER IN the Sunday Call.
• AMERICA. .
§ HOW TO PREPARE A THANKSGIVING DINNER.
c
• THE SUNDAY CALL'S CALENDAR OF
J CALIFORNIA ACTRESSES.
•
• J WHAT TO WEAR AT THE FOOTBALL GAME.
c
• BOOKS OF THE WEEK
0 Review* by PROFESSOR H. B. LATHROP of Stanford
C University.
1 THE FIRST THANKSGIVING DAY.
o '
S *
1 •
si : IS
Berkeley
ANOTHER SITE
OFFERED FOR A
FREE LIBRARY
Subscription Books
All Over Town.
Oakland < ■'
-
E. W Mar-t. i i .
offer •
as is asked for th
and • .
a lot U7slM "i.
Durai
Mr M ...-ton in hi* or
donate $6t»»». and that the b .
the I- t w..uld bring- 12000 r
To-:
at vai
venieni •• ( i\,. .
Ebfll he.id.|iiai ••
Kahn'a <in;»; store on Washing
In M.
street and San Pablo avt-nuf, Ml-
Hams mil
In the R
Bevet:
bly in Toi •
■
At the meeting of the Ebell thin morn
ing the preliminary committee whc»
planned the work of raising subscription*
went before the board ot directors and
turneil over to that body the entire su
pervision of carrying out the plans. Tlw
work Is therefore now wholly under lt\*
direction of the board of directors, bead
ed by the president. Mrs. R. 11. Cileason.
Mrs. F. G. Glnn, president of the com
mittee, reslgnrd In favor of the presi
dent of the club.
Hymen at San Leandro.
OAKLAND. Nov. 23.— San I^eandro was
the scenn of wo weddings last night. Ml < »
Nellie Wood, daughter of Mrs. J. M.
Wood of San Leandro. was wedded to
Charles Gibbons. Mr. and Mrs. Glbhnn*
will go In the spring to Kansas to resid*.
Rev. Father O'Manoney performed tho
ceremony.
Miss Louise Mendlck became the brld«
of Frederick Myers last evening. Th«»
wedding took place at the residence of
Dr. ana Mr- 11. F. Mason, who ar«»
friends of the couple. The Mason resi
dence was artistically decorated with
evergreens, palms and flowers. Rev. Uar
ton W. Perry tied the knot.
The bride Is well known In San Leandro
Her parents are old residents, as also are
the parents of the groom. The Meyers
have been In business In San Leandro for
many years. After the wedding a banquet
was enjoyed. The couple will make San
Leandro their future home..
Murdered Man's Small Estate.
OAKLAND, Nov. —John Thomas, th*
West Oakland saloon man, who was mur
dered by masked robbers recently, left a
very small estate. The widow. Francesea
G. Thomas, to-day presented his will 'or
probate. The Instrument Is dated Septem
ber 20. 1533. and by Its terms everything In
bequeathed to the widow. Th» realty left
by decedent Includes a one-half Interest in
a small lot. worth SIOO, and a half-Interest
in the saloon of Daptlsta & Thomas, cor.
ner of Pacific and Cumpbell ntref-ts, where
Thomas was shot on the night of the llih
Inst. Decedent left, besides the widow, v
sister residing In Porto Rico, another a:
New Bedford Mass., and a third sister at
Sebastopol. this State, and a brother, Jo
seph Thomas, also residing at the latter
place.
On Trial for Arson.
OAKLAND. Nov. 23— The trial of Rob
ert Bishop, indicted by the Grand Jury
for arson, was commenced this afternoon
before a jury In Judge Hall's court.
Bishop is accused of setting fire to hi*
house at Golden Gate on the morning of
October 26 with Intent to defraud the In
surance companies. The building was In
sured for 12300 and Its contents to' and
the lower floor had been unoccupied for
some time.
His Mother Ilis Only Heir.
OAK LAN P. M Irnund T. Hur it
ley, who died In Kamp.-m Cltj \
last May. left an estate. Including i
in San Frandsc pa Count]
ue. | at over tIO.QU), und to-day hla mother,
Elizabeth Buckley, applied for lettc
administration. Phe Is the only heir.
Buckley was a r ' Alam*<! i
went to the frozen r.orth in sea:
The Musical Association Of the I'nlvr
sity of California, <•. insisting nf th-
Mandolin. Ranjo nr. Auhs, will
give a concert n*xt Ban; ■
Stockton.
910
•AN rn*\cmco CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Fan Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock «very nlsht In the year.
BRAN^n OFFICES— C 27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until f:3O p. tn.
SM> Xliiyen street: oj«-n until J;3o p. a.
S«O McAllister —ret. open until 9:30 p. ra.
tU. Lurkin street; <■<; < :< until S:3O p. m.
:.•«; \:.i-> .<■■• street; open until 10 p. m.
:.<: Market street, corner Sixteenth; opea
■ r.til 9 p. ra.
:f« Eleventh rtreet; open until * p. m.
iOW Valencia ■tree] pen until ip. n.
:*TCI Pn;k street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest ccrn<*r of Twenty-eecond and Ken-
tucky street!-; o;x-a ur.til 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
cTLn ? oHNUA~C«nmandery~No~l. K. .« $_»
T.. 8 l\>*t »v— Regular a«*mbly THIS rs><
EVENING. Order of the'Trrople. All ; ,1
.frfcti-rs cordially invited. sp*
Sill J>»!lN TONNINGSEN. Com.
— —
TF.HBA Buena Ix>,l«e < 3 f rerft-ctton No. *w*
1.-Meetlng THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN- A
IXU. at « o'clock. Degree 13. -MM.
GEO. J. HoIIK. Secretary. *=^
CKXIDEN-TAIT Lodge No. 22. F. and A. ■
M.-THiS (FHU'AYt EVENING, at _jv. ',
: "0 i.-d^cis.. third d.-rr«-e. Matter Mm- X2f
houu cordially invited. By order of the /V^ >
W. M. WALTER O. ANDERSON. Sec
OPIIIK Lodfe No. 17L I. O. O. F.— ZetMiyj
Initiation THIS EVENING. AU -VJ^SSi
brothers cordially invit.-d. ■^SJ-Ps^
A. HOVEY. Secty. •'TZ.R'.V
ANNUAL Mertlr.c— Regular annual raeetlop of
tbe •tockliold. i> of tii« l'aauhau Sugar I'Tan-
tatton Ccm;*ny win »«• held at the office
ef thf company. X 27 llarkn st., in the city I
and county of San Fram-isco, on SATUR- ;
DAT. the ti day of December. 1J99. at the '
; bour of li o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of
electing a board of director* to Mrve for the
••:.» ..:• t year and the transaction of such
other businss aa may come before th» meet- I
ing. Transfer book* *»i:i .'c-se en Wednes- '
day, November 12. ISO. at S o'clock p. m
E. H. SHELIViX. Secretary.
THE California Debris Cc*amtt«-lon having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from W. H. ""^-coirlie Sn the Lan- j
decker mine, near FU<-ervllle. El Dorado |
County, to deposit talllncs in a ravlre tribu- ;
tsry tv Webber Creek; from Jos. J. Hoffman i
and T. M Browne, in the Parjron mine, at
Hath. PJsxrr County, to deposit talllrißn In
Volcano Canyon, and from O. W. Coates
and E S. lUr-da.ll. in the Pebble Hill placer
IBlne. near J-mlths Flat. El Dorado County,
to deposit tallincs in Little Chunk Canyon,
rive* notice that a :.ieet!r.g will be ht I at I
rjern t?. Fl<k*l building. San Francisco. Cal..
m Tuvvrrbe- 4. It??, at 1 T) p m. '
ATTOHNEiS AT LAW.
APVICE fr*e; divorce law a specialty: private;
n<> fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOwn. atty at law. B0 Market, cor. Stocktn.
F. H. MER7.RACH. attomey-at-law. has re-
*uxr.ed practice at M 3 Oat St.. Clunle biag.
NOAH F. FLOOD. 9V, Market St., opp. Mason:
consultation free: moderate fees.
L S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bulMlng. S>27
Market: consultation free: no t*»s In advance.
ADVICE free; nn c.fcarjre unless successful. W.
"■V. PAVIT'SfV. 527 Mnrk«-t it . nr-p. Mason.
BlfYC I.i: HKFAIKS.
TMOS. H. B. VARNEY. Market and Tenth
KAMm.rn and ideal bictcles.
KF.PMP.INO A SPECIALTY.
HO Mil? AND ROOMS.
EDDT. IX>— United States^notel-^ro^rwrTrßo I
week up. with board to io. suite for two with >
board, $12; board. M week; meals. 3c; ele- j
vatur runs all nlghu j
NEW family hotel; first-class In- alt appoint-
ments; excellent table, so? Calif •n'.a st.. oc- :
cupying earner eppoite Grace Church.
ELEGANTLY furnished front room, with
b--arl: suitable for 2; private family. 724
Eidy «it.
•'BHLCRAVIA HOTEL." Polk and Clay-Sun^ |
By fuitf«; be«t b..a_nJ: for 2. 145 up: singe. $20. |
LAP PALMES. 1-C0 Market-Suite of 2 or 3 j
rtr.s : private; bath: sin. rms. ; board optional. |
fino.ono TO loan on diamonds, watches. silver, fceal- j
ridnii pianos, runs. Uncle Harris, li Grant ay. ;
O'FARRELL. 742— Larr* sunny front roorr.s;
C-jcd home cooking; ali"*> slncle niorni: $20 up. '
SPECIAL <'ffer to teachers: new and select. £07
("alirt.rala Ft.
DOAIID AND ROOMS WANTED.
H<~'ME for boy In private family wtth'iut small '
children, r.ear T»enty-nxth and <'i:errero, j
»her«- oarenta can have large unfurnished I
«-nrvrtea room. Addrers. stating terms, box '
_ -C«. Call.
TOUNG lady wirhes board and r^m with all 1
<*nnven!encra: close to the entrance of Pan- !
hankie, pr-x nr. Call office. j
— nOAßl)l\<i FUU imi.uHi.\. _ |
WANTED— A child to board; aleo to teach if
desired; best of references given. Call or ad-
dress MRS. A. N. COTTLE. 7R Sixteenth st, !
Oakland, Cal.
WASTHD, to board by private family tn cot-
_tage home, children or adults. 41 Army st.
WJWiW. has a nice home, wants a email child I
f. board; «••>,)« !mme; t^rt care. SCI Fell eu
BOOKS — SEW? \m» OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS boujtht^anl eicchancedL i
1 Hi.lrf:t-s I'-.M-k <■(. 7t4 Mission »t.. near Thirl.
1 <>•- I - A.N l> SUOKS.
BARGAINS In Rhooa': Send for price llsU
Hp«-»al — Boys* heavy lar* nhors, U to 2. ..Tie
bpeclal-Mf n's regular t: shoes, all styles Jl JS
JS I'eople's Shoe Store. 130S Stockton, nr. Brdwy.
I < 'OTS and shoes made to order from -•-class I
material, is to $*; repairing cheap. H SAL- I
MNEN. 441 Bush St.. foraier-ly with McNulty.
11l SI»BM CHANCES.
A— 1«00; HOTEL, established years, with large I
.;■• -.-■• . place i-.r.g knuwn aa one of the
.• a . : . -•■ :. : -ci.i^s hotels on the coast: 120
rooms, barroom, office, etc.; furniture and
carpets most ail new; central location; a cilt-
•dge Inveatmenu Call It. O. WILKE. »M
Market »U
.A-»4.»tO: THE leadlr.g hat store of this city; es- !
■ tabllhhed for 20 years, with large patronages- a
tpler.dU businrss offer; full. st investigation
•elicited; you will flnd this a nrst-clas« m-
\»gtmeiit. Call R. Q. WILKE. »0C Market rt.
A-IMC; SAIxX)N on Fourth st.. eloee to Mar-
ket; Uvir.r room*, fixtures and stock worth
»IQP<»: a bargain. R. G. WILKE K-6 Market.
A »of>o 8AI»JN; dolncr a splendid business- !
neia and clean; on water fror.t, opposite Mis-
fK.nsu wharf. <*ali R. G. WILKE. 9)6 Markeu
A-s7i*; CANUY factory and Ice cream parlors
on Valencia »t. ; rvtabllshed ycara and doing
a Food jiaMiijj • lslnces; rent $::,. a splendid
business offer. <:"a!l R. G. Wllke. S»6 Market.
$4WK>— OLD established bakery and coffee par-
loir; la choicest '•x-atlon; I >lng a splendid
bufln*sa; large outaide trade; fullest Inves- i
tigation solicited. Call R. O. WILKE, «M
Market et.
A— f**C; HOME bakery and restaurant on Ellis
rt.; cheap rent; rrleniidly jiayint. Call Iv
O. WILKK. W6 Mi-Jket et.
ITfO—STATIONIUIT. school nuppllei-. notions;
established 20 y«-ars; W«-stem Addition; near
4 t»rhools; receipts $:■<» a north: fu'.l value In '
M».k. PTJ:.Ni:EItti O>.. W*» Koan.y «./
_
At*. barcaln ever offered; branch
offered : branch
bakf-n'. Krt^ery-. dfllracy store; near Market ■
i sunny rooms, with large garden In rear*
rent C 2 CC. BTKNBEP.O <]0..^«4 Kearny st.
A _^oo-RALOON; ThlrVst""; has to bTieeVto
be tmteiMteA: S llvlnr • m«. well fur-
nished; nice yard; the very vlar*. for man and 1
wife. STEXBEItU CO.. 2t«t KMrnj- st.
.- ' the finest
t^st paying north of Market; meals 2oc; e*-
tabtUh«d for years; cpltidld chance for man
I-.:-.- 1 wife: living rootcs. STi:xUERG CX> •
rr,i k Keamy rU ' (
I?**- SALOON on T>rinclj*l street: furniture in-
cluded. Mclaughlin a «x>.. 7:7^ Market.
KOO-OROf'nHY and bar and IMglnr- house* '
Mclaughlin I <d». ttt*^ Market «.
jt:S— FRUIT i-tore with horse and wagon.~Mo
' LAUGHLIN A CO.. 777H Market »t.
|10:« FOR one-half Interest In one of the best-
pavlr.g businesn i>r"j*osltlotis In America.
NATIONAL INVESTMENT CO.. 927 Market.
I"EEI> wood, coal >•"■• fine location; cheap
rent; bargain. COWING A CO.. 'Jii Markeu
is..". <ji"n 1 .jtAL store; groosrles. hardware.
«tc. ttcrtrm ih« ba?-: est. 10 years; will la-
voice* pood legitimate proposition: also lot
:-3xlT>o feet, with building and residence; price
for realty $4."»C0. or would entertain a proj*.-
ultlon fnr IneonM 1 - property In exchanpe j or
nhole. National Invt^tment «*o.. 9:7 MarkfU
j, M•- chance: f. ' will buy an *''*' '■' '-1
■.'. and home ».«tir.K i.u-:-.-— -. nMsM
pHI on account of departure East: location.
«,od' ' store and I • .ip rooms; rent cheap; ;
fnvrV'tlFßt™ Address box 136 L Call efflre.
• ca,h: no trifler,
"^ll
♦*■'.'. „-„. iniiirovements: a bartrain. call
*?, r r£onS%t.H. JACKSON, proprietor.
mBBSSBSSBm
JJSaasfcr -■ ' *■* ' r^-nts Hnx 1W". Call.
»' JESTS*
lUM.M>S CllAXCES— Continued. ]
SPLENDID chance for energetic man with ex- '
I>erlence in poultry and game; $16 rent for
(food stand in large rnarkeU IS"'. Polk st.
TO let— Butter and egR. or creamery stall. In
Grand Western Markeu cor. Polk a.nd Austin
sta. Inquire at stalls 1 and 2, 1312 Polk st.
VARIETY stock: fixtures. 2 stoves and dishes: ;
sell ■■■ once. 2474 Mission st. :
BUTTER and o-fg, or creamery stall. In Grand ',
Western Market. Inquire at stall 1. 1312 Polk.
FOR aaJe— Saloon: wholesale district; retiring
from business. Address box 1345. Call office.
$4.V>o— LOT 100x200; corner Sun Leandro road ■
and Itofe tt.. near Fruitvale; on electric car '
line; new building; 7 living rooms; large
store and saloon: elegant grounds: stable and
warehouse; 3) rustic outhouses; finest road-
side resort In Alameda County; selling on
account of slcknens; $?SOO down; balance easy
terms. Apply to owner on premises. C. I
M)T. San L*andro road, also Call '
Branch. Oakland; San Leandro electric car ,
passes door. j
FOR $ICCO I '•an put a No. 1 man in one of j
the largest m^nufacturies on the coast, where
his profits will be $4000 >e,ir. Box 1*39. Cull.
1200— RESTAURANT: best money-making place
In the ctty; 14 tables; t2 chairs; cheap rent;
owner leavlnc for Europe. Apply IJS First st. |
SALuON for sale: best bargain In town If sold
at once. 421 Bush st.
W A NTEP— Bakery with good store trade: city
or country. Address C. MOTOR, Hlmhurst
P. 11. Alameda County, Cal.
BRANCH bakery, delicacies, notions, cigars.
tobacco. laundry: 4 living rooms. Address
box 1347. all office.
SAIjOON— Must sell on account leaving town;
good bargain; 636 Third St.. near Townsend;
near S. P. R. R. station.
FOR sale, cheap: one-half Interest In 2 Al good
paying butcher shops, or the whole of either ■
one. Address W.. 2SOJ Clay st. j
DENTIST wants to buy a half Interest or the
whole of « well-established practice, or will
j '•-rt position In a first-class olflce. Address
box 1332. Call office. . I
PARTNER wanted In a produce business to
drive wagon. 1126 Harrison si
WANTED— Partner In printing business; a
good opportunity. 344 McAllister st.
$ICO— I9 ROOMS; elegantly furnished 217 Grant j
aye.; eary payments. Arplv ASSOCIATED
RENTING CO.. in Parrott building.
SHOEMAKER shop: will sell for $20; worth
$SO. SOI Noe St.. cor. Market. I
CORNER saloon In business part of city will be
sold cheap; nice fixtures and (rood stock of
llcuors and . its: full value in sight and low :
rrr.t. Apply to DONNELLY * BRANNAN.
Wholesale Liquor Merchants, SE. oor. Sev-
enth ant? Mission sts.
BARBER shop for sale; snap for right man.
Inquire at 131 Third *: barber shop.
FIRST-CLASS grocery and bar at Invoice; two-
thirds cash: balance on time. Box 302. Call.
VARIETY store and coffee parlor, with 4 liv- ,
ing rooms: cheap. 2474 Mission st. j
FIRST-CLASS French liquor store; established
'..' years ago; horse, wagon, cellar, etc. 1401
Powe]] st.
PRIVATE house: 15 rooms: 20 regular boarders .
north of Market. Box 247. Cull office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from OEO.
W. CA SWELL A CO.'S. 412 Sacramento st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken- ,
tucky sts. Open till 8 p. m. I
A BRANCH offW for all advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1004 Va- I
lenciii St
CARRIAGES AM) WAGONS.
FINE tcp r>UKcy, almost new; business buggy,
new; business wagon*, new, suitable for dry
(roods stores: iway. SSB Harrison st.
ALL kinds of wagons, bugffles, carts, harness, j
etc., cheao. EGAN *■ SOX. 2117 Mission st.
100 SETS second-hand harness: wagons, carts.
bu«;irles. surreys and horse*. 1140 Folsom st.
CARPET IIKATIXG ami CLEANING. ;
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
•end to SPAULDING'B Pioneer carpet-
beating Works, :'Z-?:..7 Tehama st. . tel S. 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, rngr.. SS-4D Sth st.; tel South 250. :
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carp-t Cleaning Co.. i
4C2 Stevenson St.: tel South 225: lowest rates. |
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
teL Main S>4. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c
STRATTON'S. 2 Eighth ft.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 249 14th
«.: clcanins. Se i>cr yard: tel. MiKston 74.
CONKLINS Canvt-beatinc Wcrks. HI Golden
Gate aye.: tel l.is- 12t.
« I.F.AMY; COMPOUNDS.
ITTTCA cJeanlng and Toilet Comriounda and ,
Compound Paste; a household Messina. : a sure +
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR, j
Agent. Office and factory. 21 Spear st.
CLAIRVOYANTS AM) SPIRITUALISM:
MRS. DR. CLARK.
the well-known trance medium, may be ccn-
rulted on all affairs of life While entranced
she reveals every hidden mystery: she will I
show you how to overcome your enemies: re-
move family troubles; restore lost affection* ;
unite the separated; recovers lost or etol«n
property; locates minerals; tells your entire (
life, while In a perfect trance; satisfaction |
guaranteed by mail; ten. l stamp for circular
with special terms. MRS DR. F. CLARK,
20i Turk St.. near Jones. Hone Sun. and eves.
REMOVED— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. Mar-
ket nt.. cor. Turk, medium, life reader, med-
ical clairvoyant: sittings dsily; diagnosis free;
"new method" treatment for chronic, private,
obscure diseases ; rend stamp for circular.
MME. A7 CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller; b»st advice in difficult mat-
ters. S Hayes «.. room 7. second floor.
BERSCH lessons In Napoleon cards; also
secrets from the b<>ok of f-ypf-ips; prices rea- !
sonable; work guaranteed. 245 Fourth st.
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth; 2. 8
p. m. 14 McAllister St.. rm. ST.; adml>slcn 10c.
JOHN SLATER— CircIe night. S:lj*. sittings ;
dally. 10 to 4. ISOS Stockton, nr. Greenwich. I
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader. Be up. 71 Fourth St.. neej Mission.
C. V. MILLER'S material I trumpet seance;
I p. m. 25c 40* Leavenworth st.
MRS. HARLAND'S test circle to-night; tests to
all; We; reading* dally. 34 Sixth st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 212H Slsth st.
ET»WARD EAB.LE. Independent slatewrlter.
330 IKs St.: circle Sun. and Wed. evening*
MME. HANSON, palmistry. 10c: card reader:
r**U present, future. 2.V". ...... r 12.
MME ZEP.EDA-Gypsy life reader; satisfac-
tion guaranteed; correct answers; 20c. .-. "•• st.
BIXTH. IM Napoleon card reader and sympa-
thy healer; flr«t floor, room 1.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; name* given: 2"« up. •• Fourth St.
DR. EDWAT.D FISCHER, professional hypno-
tist. dlneases cured without Medicine. 142 (th.
TOUR future told by cards. 23c 1024 Sixth st.,
10 a. m. to I p. m.
MME. SYBILLE— OradIe to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 2.V; ladles. 914 O'F.irrell st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and |
palmistry. 2Tk-; truth or no pay- 114? MI»Mon.
CLINIC
.CALIFORNIA V. -re. Ma~Ft>Uom7 i
free medical and su'Tr. tr*eti«ei«t : 9 to 12 m.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Armey: no charge un-
leas si:cce»sf'il Room 310. ■»*: MArket it.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$10— BAY-WINDOW cottage: 4 rooms; water
free. 107 Collins st., near Geary.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. 8. iIIGGINS* dental' " pa on "" M
Market at., over Cafe Zlnkand— Terth extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap- {
plied to the gums; the best and most artistic
dental work nt reasonable price*, pure Kola
fillings from $1 up; other fillings from 50c; ,
badly eV<-iiye<j teeth carefully treated and ;
filled or crowned without pain; plates that fit ,
from J4 .'0 up; flesh colored plates from S3 £0
up; teeth without plates a specialty; oj < -n
evenings and Sundays.
A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry—
Synol. on application to the gums, remove*
tbe pain: see our flesh-colored plates: thinner
and stronger than rubber; warranted for 2*
years: crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate, filllns*. i<»c; crowns, $3 60; plates,
full set. $5; all work painless and warranted
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO- CLINIC. got Mar-
kel sC, cor. 4*h^rm. 7, Flood bid*., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates oar specialty; gold crowns,
$2 i««p; plate*, extractions free, $4 CO up of-
fice hours. }. a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays. » to I
p. m. U. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 Farrell st.. ex-
tract* and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges $4-
rubber or flexible plates. 13: received B 'first
prises; no students; guaranteed n years.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 24. 1899.
DENTISTS. rV>'i>i'-V
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electrici- I
ty; guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10 op- j
erators; no students. 997 Market st. •<' .--. >'.
DR. LUDLUM HIM* 1443 Market St.. near |
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a '
specialty; all -work reasonable: gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 236 Kearny. cor. Bush; I
full «et DC teeth. 14; crowns, $3; fillings. 3>c.
MEYER— Dentscher Zahnant. 6 Turk; lst-claus
work; prices reas.; gas; crown A bridge work.
SET of teeth without piste. DR. li. O.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk St.
OHIO Dfntal Parlors, Inc.: 8 graduate opera- ;
tors: open evenings and Sundays. SCO Market.
LOWEST prices In S. F. ; work warranted 10 ;
years. N. Y. Dentists, 967 Mission, cor. Ota.
DRESSMAKERS AM) SJ2AMSTRESSKS
McDOWELL Dressmaking School gives a thor-
ough, artistic course. 103 Post st.
STYLISH suits made; only $4: high grade work
and perfect fit. 120 Eddy st.
S. F. Dressmaking. _-d'es' Tallorlnr parlors;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness. |
ACCORDION pleatlnr factory; all kinds pleat- '
Ing, pinking. 131 Po«t,<wer O'Connor A M^ffatt.
educational;
HEALD'b Business College, 24 Post St.. 8. F. ;
practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. language*. telegraphy. English ;
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi- 1
neering, etc.: new . 80-page catalogue free.
MIPS M. G. BARRETT Is unable to fill all de- i
mands for her shorthand graduates and de-
sires more pupils: less* personally and by ;
mall. 302 Montgomery st.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.. con-
ducted personally by Mr. and Mrs. Ayres;
life scholarship $00. Includes all branch**.
ALL student^ but two taking full coarse
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1136 Market ft.
ENGINEERING. school. civil. electrical, mining, 1
mecn.. survey, assay, archl.: day und even.; 1
Ml mt. VAN DER NAILLEN. W Market.
PRIVATE lessons by expert bookkeeper: most I
practical method. 1234 Burh st. I
LAW schools. " Market S. F.. and 5K>5 T.road- !
way. Oakland: day and night: correspondence.
"EXPANSION" the ord»r at DURHAM'S Busi- j
ness College, Ml Larkln »t.. opp. City Hall.
DANCING ballroom ar stag*, quickly taught: I
prlv. or class. Barker's Academy. 927 Mission.
START right and the end Is in sight. PROF.
MERKI, violin, tnand.. guitar, MM Mission.
BOOKKF.EPINO. arithmetic, grammar. writing;
day and night: terms low*. 10C4 Mission. nr <Uh. j
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHZI7M Employment Office— Japanese, Chi- ,
nese. 42G Powell. Bear Sutler; tel Black 1321. !
FIELD'S Employment Agency— Help furnished
free. CT. Clay st. : phone Davis £21. I
JAPANESE Information Bureau; Japanese and
Chinese help. 421 Post; rhone Main ISM
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
b»st help. 414^, O'Fnrrell Kt.; tel. East 4:«.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Kmp.Agency; all kinds j
help. UFO OAKI. 30 Gfar)- St.: tel. Grant 36. |
E.M VM EXT D — FEMALE. j
COMPETENT cook and housekeeper desires a ■
position; widower's family preferred; good
reference given. OUI at 62i% Larkln st. ;
ring third -. bell. j
COMPETENT Protestant girl wishes situation!
to do eecond work in American family. Call
nt Y. W. C A.. 1259 OForrell St.. Friday un-
til Z o'clock md all day Saturday.
YOI'NG American woman with a child 6 years
old wants work as housekeeper or doing gen- 1
eral housework In city or country. Call at 712 !
Van Ness sve.
REFINED Intellectual young lady wants of-
n>e position as amanuensis or physician's or
surf-win's assistant; K'mxl buslneas qualifica-
tions and knowledge of surgery. Box 307. Call. '
GERMAN girl wishes a place toe chamber-
work and plain sewing; $25 a month. Ad-
dress box 321, Call office.
WILLING German girl not afraid of work,
wishes wcond work. 41S Powell st.; tel Main
£322.
COMPETENT yens; Swedish girl desires sec-
r,nd work or parlor maid and waitress. 411
Powell ft.: tel. Main M 32.
COMPETENT woman, is a good cook, will do |
some washtnt;: city or country: rood refer-
vnces; wa*;es $15 to $20. I I Fifth st.
SITUATION wanted by a respectable woman as
nurse; would assist with light work; good ref-
erences. CIS O'Farrell st.
RESPECTABLE ypung woman wishes house-
work or «-hamberwork several hours a day;
rmall wages: sleep home. Box 1355. Call.
TOUNG German irlrl desires housework, plain
cooking; $15. 418 Powell st. : tel. Main 5332.
YOUNG German Klrl desires light second work
—or car" ef fWMfHI.- 416 Powell; tH. Main &S""2.
RESPECTABLE German lady withe a position
as howneJteeper. -Box I*Cl. Call office.
WOMAN wishes houseclranlng. Ironing and
washing by the day. Address 39 Fulton, rear.
YOUNG lady wishes position as housekeeper.
Please call at 1C33 Market St.. room 17.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tlM-ments and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; ;en until 9 p. m
COMPETENT woman with child 2 years old
■n-irhes a position as keeper in city or
short distance in country; references. Call
ir,?d Fifteenth st.
LADY, well qualllW for the work, desires
care of invalid, .hll.l or adult: at home or
nliroad. Address box 13*^. all office.
TOUNG Indy would like situation as lady's
companion or nursery Koverness. Call or ad-
dress MISS E. W., 130Q Page st.
EXPERIENCED housekeeper wishes position;
is economical, guaranteed to suit boss and
employee; re'erences. 1. DAVIS, 4 Vallejo
plm-<-.
WANTED By a young woman, work by day.
Address E. R.. 208 Drumm st.
JIPO.OOO TO loan on diamonds, watches.silver. se si-
skins, pianos, guns. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
BOOKKEEPING, shorthand, typewriting Eng-
lish brancl'.eH. 1725»4 Mission St.; lessons
given In return for Latin, sewing or meals.
COMPETENT woman wishes gentlemen's wash-
ing and mending: suits cleaned and repaired
24 Minna st . rear house.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; »c to SI 60 night: $163 to $«
week; convenient and respectable; fr** bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subMcrlptlons
received at '"all branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements as I
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Ms. Open till 8 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at )09« Va- 1
Itncla st.
EMPLOYMENT \Mi:i> — MALE.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper and correspond-
ent, with knowledge of German, desires po-
ellion; full or partial time. Address box ISO
all office.
MIDDLE-AGED man. handy with horse*, tools
ur as .vatchnmn. wants light Job; small wages
expected, but good home the main object;
best of references. Address 11. W.. L'»; Ritch.
SOBER and Industrious horseman, thoroughly
comp-tent. dtslrts position In private sta-
bles; best of references. Address D. M. S..
2SI Minna st . nnm 10.
MAN and wife wish positions on ranch; man
as working foreman; wife as cook and house-
k»ep.r. Rox 13.-. S. Call.
EXPERIENCED teleirrapher and bookkeeper
wants situation: also lias worked In stores;
references. Box 1249. Call.
SITUATION wanted by first-class cook: strictly
Sober .nd industrious man; hotel, club or good
family; moderate wages. Box 1367* Call.
SITUATION wanted by a man as gardener,
hostler or to do ganeral work around place;
city or country" reference Box 1352, Call.
AMERICAN farmer and wife want situations
on ranch or cooks In camps. Call or address
P.. 300 Eddy St.
COOK, middle-aged, steady man, wishes work
In rest.o.-tnl boarding house. Address bos
IXT.9. Call office.
F&PERIENCED grocery clerk wants work of
'any kind; Al references. Box 1313. Call.
JAPAN USE boy wants situation as school-
boy In small family. H. A , i39H Stevenson.
A BRANCH office for the reception of a.lver-
t!*ementa and subscriptions has been opened
at 1222 Polk st.: open until 9 p. m.
RELIABLE boy wishes situation in press, hard,
ware or drugstore; can read and write Ger-
man and English; age IB years. 1014 Thirtieth
St.. Oakland. •
WOULD like Job wntchlng place of trust; nights
or days: references, security; 10 years Jnst
place. H.. 1238 Bush st.
ENGINEER of long experience on stationary
engines and erecting pump plants wants post-
Uon: first -class references. — Address B. 8 ~
Engineer, Martlnex. Cat
1100. TO loan on diamonds, watches.silver seal-
sklns. pianos, guns. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
PASTRY cook and confectioner desires per-
manent position: 23 years of age; city or
country: first-class references. Box 1236. Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, £00 FlUmor* st.
1 CALL ADVERTISEMENTS PAY. I
I Fallon, Oct. 19th, 18~99 . :X
S: A. M. Speck & Co. , San Francisco. ' :£
|: Gentlemen: If you will kindly furnish %
I, me with particulars as to title, etc. , on 6
Si property advertised in The Call Tuesday, 6
Oct. 17th, 3899, advertised as follows : I
6\ $10,500 — New flats; very fine: rents $
5 $95. %
£ Also, Xi
6 $7500 — Three grand new flats; rents 6j
§ $80; near Powell and Bush; all rented. 6
5 I will investigate and make you a cash 8
si offer for the same. 6
6 I am prepared to make a cash offer on $
8 any No. 1 investment up to $20,000. ||
X Awaiting a reply to the two above- :6
S named ads . I remain, respectfully yours, 6
?: E. J. CALLAN. :|
I Address Fallon, Marin Co. , Cal. : j
I - as A. M. Speck & Co. Imw VL^ X
jO (IHCOSrOAATRD) A
V iST«eusxiD '•« X
rt 667 MARKET STREET. Hearst Building ; ?
0 REAL 2STATE «•«*• nr»k«r» and •*•»* c«n«ct»rs ; q
' I ULZKAKQZS Full Chant of Property Tikta O
lO IHSUKiy.CE 12 I-OflrtS I*** *«>•«* Owners. I
9 c^«r\ f>ai\cisco, ([»(. 8
1 Nov. 21st, 1899. ?!
X The San Francisco Call. ' |
X Gentlemen: We take pleasure in an- I x
x nouncing that as a direct result of an 8
X advertisement in your columns of the 17th X
X: of October, 1899, we procured a purchaser x
X in the person of Mr. E. J. Callan for ajj
<v piece of real property in the sum of X
X $15,000. " I
i ! We consider that The Call has much ; &
ai value as an advertising medium, both in <
X; procuring direct results and in the |X
S| reaching of a class of readers that, are v
Si substantial buyers. Yours respectfully, |X
|i (y |
<>(><><><K>CK><><><K>OOCH><><><><>CM>o<><K> 0000000000000000000000000
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
YOUNG man desires steady office work with a
wholesale or commission firm; willing to go
on trial for a month at nominal wages. Ad-
dress box 1329. Call office.
YOUNG man wants work round a stable; used
to horses; good groom and harness cleaner;
city preferred. Address L iv. 523 Vallejo st.
WELL recommended expert bookkeeper, with
knowledge of languages, wishes position;
good correspondent. Uox 1331. Call office.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubscrlptlons has be«-:i established at the |
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Ms. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10M Va-
lencla st
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE Get man expert optician.
1071H Mark»t st . San Franclseo: exam free.
\ EXCHANGE.
GOOD renting Oakland property for ranches.
J. H. EPSON. 1209 Brcwdway. Oakland.
PLATS TO LET.
ASHTON £ GARDINER. 411 MONTGOMERY.
$15—1 Hollls; 5 rooms and bath
$?:• — 17?1 McAllister; 7 rooms and bath.
$15— 4«S Stevenson; 4 rooms.
AN elegant sunny middle corner flat; modern
.nit ivemts. 1000 Webster, cor. Golden Gate.
BAT window. 3 inn] rooms, yard, basement.
li Hamilton place, off Folscm, bet. Second
and Third.
ELEGANT upper l-room sunny flat; yard, por-
celain bath; rent reasonable. 40COA 17th st.
ELEGANT flat; 6 rooms and bath; all latest
Improvements. 71* Grove st.
FLATS, 4 and 5 rooms each; rents Sl4 and
$14 50. 6 and I Dearborn at., off Seventeenth,
near Valencia.
FLAT huntlnr made easy with the prtnte*
list you get from BALDWIN A HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
FRANKLIN. Xi A nice clean sunny upper flat
of 3 rooms and bath, with modern Improve-
ments.
HARRISON, 1170— Sunny upper flat of 4 rooms;
rent reduced from $10 to $S.
HOWARD. 2726— Five rooms, well furnished:
piano and bath; n-iisonable rent. Apply 4 to 6.
Low flat -of 3 rooms at 1310 Larkln st.
Apply I3IS Larkin st. ~ :
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, silver, seal-
skins, pianos, runs. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
D3T.A lIXTH i rooms, bath: large yard: front
and rear entrances; rent $12; water free,
BUNNY bay-window flats. 7 rooms and 2 kitch-
ens each; first and second floors. 417V4 Third.
$10— UPPER floor. 3 large sunny rooms and
bath: 78 Elliott I "ark. off Steiner. near Geary.
Apply 1911. Geary st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address •In th«
United States, postpaid, for SI per year.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, all sites. » »•:
heavy mattlnr. 10c per yard; 30x60 Inch rugs.
11. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310-1312 Stockton
St.. near Broadway; open evening.
FURNITURE of 5-room flat. 3 bed. sitting, |
kitchen: cheap; month's rent paid; no agents.
M Birch aye,
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50. with No. ■
7 range King Furniture Co.. 1127 nil Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays
the highest price for your Id-hand furniture.
WANTED— carpets, furniture, etc.: highest
price iml.l rxvtnl. M Sllversteln. l»l Market.
yi'RKIKIts, KITKS. KT«J
ELECTRIC real capes. As'.rakan yokes. $16 to
$30. ROBT. WALLACE. 113 Ke;irnv, top floor.
HELP WANTED AGENTS.
AGENTS Ladles and gents everywhere make
money by selling the only correct map of bat-
tlefields In the Philippines; just the thing for
Xmas present. Call or address P. E. LAMAR.
21 First St.. San Francisco. Cal.
SALESMEN to sell the retail drug trade. P.
C. M. A.. 76 Flood building, after 4 o'clook.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
CHAMBERMAID and seamstress, Santa Crux.
$25; see lady here at 10. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st.
REFINED German second girl. $25; small fam-
ily. MISS CULLEN. 325 Slitter st.
WANTED— GirI for housework: must sleep at
home; vicinity Park Panhandle. Box 1343,
Call office. -
WANTED— Neat girl for light housework. Call
nt 523 McAllister st.
GIRL to ass with light housework; good
home. 4306 Nineteenth St.. near Castro.
WANTED— First-class skirt and waist hands.
FRANCES', 79« Sutter at.
OKRMAN or Scandinavian girl for general
housework; good cook; 125. 2341 Jones it.
mil- WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED Protestant waitresses and parlor
maid, short dibtance, 12".. see lady at 12 1
O'clock . to-day; waitress tor family. Menlo
Park, >:"■ . German cook. $30 and second girl. ,
$25, H.ime house; neat Irish second girl, $25,
San Mateo; 4 German second girls, city. $20:
North German nurse and second girl, $25; 3
German and Scandinavian cooks, plain wash, ,
small family. $3.'. and $30; cook, some house- I
work, country. $30; German or Scandinavian
laundress, MS, city; seamstress, care for
elderly lady, 120; meat cook for restaurant. $7
week; German girl for housework. 2 in fam-
ily, $25; tailoress, 17 a week; 4 waitresses for
restaurant. $5 and $6 week; 2 waitresses an.l 1
chambermaids, country hotel, $20: cook and
helper, country, $45: cook, no wash. German 1
style, $25; *v Klrls for housework. $15. $10 and
$25. J. F. CROBETT .v CO.. 316 Sutter st.
C. HANSEN a.- CO 7777104 Geary st.
C waltrpssef*. aim work, first-class hotels,
north and south, 120 and fare; 4 waitresses,
commercial hotels. $20 and fare; chamber-
maids, to wait. |»; 3 hotel cooks, $25. city
and country; Swedish COOk, private family. '
S.' 1 and fare: M choice places, city and coun- !
try. for house girls. C. H. lIANSEN A: CO.,
104 Geary st.
APPRENTICES on shirts and overalls; paid
while learning-. Standard Shirt Factory, cor-
ner Gough and Grove sts.
YOUNG woman for housekeeping: call between
8 arid 10 a. m. 11. WHEEL] 854 Franklin
Kt.. Oakland. Cnl.
an experienced finisher on ladles' tailor-made
Jackets. 20 Sansome st.
GIRL light housekeeping-; no children; no
washlns. 42$ Green st.
GIRL to assist In housework: no children:
wages $10. Apply 2509', Bush St.. near Scott.
GOOD girl for lUht housework; references!
wages $10. 77 l - Fourth st.
NEAT young girl for housework and cooking.
2524 Howard st.
YOUNG Rlrl for light housework; small wages; i
good home. 1425 Golden Gate aye.
WANTED— Three ladle* at once: holiday work;
good pay. 4724 Thirteenth st.. Oakland.
GIRL f.-»r general housework; no washing;
small family. IMO Ninth avenue. E. Oakland.
JlOO.OOO TO loan on diamonds, watches.silver, seal- i
skins. pianos, runs. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
WANTED *reneral housework; $23. MRS.
CATTF.I.L. 525 Eighth st.. Oakland.
NEAT German srirl to do housework; age 16 to
IS; call 9 to 12; wages $7. ttl Sixth st.
LADIES' cloaks, suits. SI per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co. 1306 Stockton, nr. Broadway.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. ; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky st*. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call adverisoinents and
subscriptions has been established at 109« Va-
lencia st.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
C. R. HANSBN & CO IM gkaRTMBT*
10 teamsters for the Coast Road, free fare; 2
stonemason* for railroad work. $3 50 a day
free fare; 6 farmers for orchard work. $20 and
board: 2 single-hand miners. $2 M a day; 4
carpenters, $3 a day; 3 farmers, $26 and board*
wheelwright. $30 "
2 cooks, city. $10 a week; steward, country
hotel, $30; waiter for Nevada, $40: Oerman
waiter, country restaurant. $30; waiter and
tend bar, $25. C. R. HASSKS A CO. 104
Geary st. ;>\'^-'. --'..'•
GERMAN; ranch work; $20; country. MISS
CULLEN, «6 Butter st.
BARBERS wanted; first-class men only, at the
Barbers' Home; barbers and bosses will be
furnished free of charge with first-class help;
office hours from 8 a. m. to .'> p.' m. ; In con-
nection fine sitting room for unemployed bar.
bers: letters referring to shops for sale; must
contain full particulars and stamped envelope
for reply; orders for barbers for country must
be accompanied by railroad fare; telephone
South 51. WM. HABEItECHT, manager 1205
Market st.. corner of Eighth, formerly of the
Revere. Eureka, Humboldt Co.. and Vallejo.
BARBERS' Protective Union— Tne only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J HEINZ
Employment Secy.. 630 Market, downstairs!
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 152.
EXPERIENCED manager for medium-sized
printing office; must be competent proof-
render; permanent position to good live man
B., d b;x-^ CalTof »c C . - stating ab '" ty » A
Call offlce. ""-'
EXPERIENCED clerk for notion and furnlsh-
Ing goods store; must be good on dressing
show windows; rH-rmnnent position to good
i£ ar-oaysa with fcrenc "- » a..
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
1.1 Si-i'iini »t.
BARBKR wanted for Saturday and»Sunday tsT
62S Broadway. * ' ""~
BARBER for Saturday; wages JJ. g) Third
street.
FIRST-CLASS bootblack wanted at 734 Market
street. ««-*«»
WANTED— A man who understands Spanish
and able to bottle soda; must go to country-
reference required. 811 Broadway
HELP WANTED— MALE.
MURRAY A RKADT . . i PHONE MAIN M4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
4 single handed miners, gold mine* Vi
Laborers for mines, see boss here
CARPENTERS NEAR CITY
6 more carpenters, house building. I hours I
work S3 day
10 laborers. Inside work $2 to $2 76 day
I pick and shovel laborers, city work %60
8 teamsters and general ranch hands $24
Oerman farmer and wife
Boy to drive delivery wagon it week
Woodchoppers. stove and cord wood
$125. $150 cord
MURRAY A READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
ADVERTISING solicitor, country paper: $S0
per month and commission. MURRAY A
READY. 634 and «3« Clay t<t. .
COOKS, hotels and restaurants. $30 to 160; bak-
er's helper. $30; waiters, country. $25; bell
boy. MURRAY A READY. £14 and «•' Clay.
WANTED— Reliable man to keep plain ac-
counts and assist In light outdoor work: will
pay JIC to SIS per week; small capital requir-
ed. 1082 Market St.. room 4.
MAKER for country. Apply RKiss
BROS . 24 Slitter st.
WANTED— First-Class barkeeper Apply 1«
Poet st.
SEAMEN, green hands and ordinary seamen.
at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
GOOD tailor wanted. 254 Jessie St.. between
. Third and Fourth, third floor.
WANTED— first-<-l;%- * mechanical draftsmen.
Apply room CM, Parrott bldg.
WANTED — At once, good vest and pants
maker. 4"* Geary st.
WANTED— Cook In boarding-house. 322 Main
i street. I
THIRD helper wanted on cake at New Liberty :
Bakery. 557 Washington St.. Oakland. (
WANTED— Partner as cashier In Sc coffee and
chop house; downtown. I Geary St.. room 2.
SIOO.COO TO loan on diamonds, watches.silver. seal- 1
skins, pianos, guns Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
WANTED, by wholesale house, office boy.
typewriter and to make himself generally
useful. References and particulars to box ,
1340. Call. I
BUSHELMAX wanted. Ml Geary st.
WANTED- 2 young men: light employment; ■
will pay $3 to $5 a day. Room ■: 916 Market. |
WANTED— OId man at 30 Hannah st.. Oak-
land; Berkeley train.
GOOD coatmaker to work inside. M. EKF.BT,
121 Post St.. third floor.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHKPARD A CO.. attor-
nays, Hearst bid?;.. Third and Market.
BARBERS— 3-chalr hotel barber shop In the
center of this city; reason, death of proprie-
tor: must be sold: rent $23. For particulars
call on H. SCHEUNKRT. 927 Market st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c to
Me. 5«: Mission St., bet. Ist and Id sts.
GOOD industrial man for debit: good contract:
12:30-1:30. W. H. CHAPMAN. 511 Montgomery.
Ml PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half 1
price. S€2 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED Laborer* and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Den\er House. 217 Third St.: 150 large
rooms ; 25c per night: $1 to $2 par week.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired; constant practice; expert Instruction;
lectures on dermatology; Saturday wage*;
rail or write for free illustrated catalogue.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at 8.
F. Barber College. 741 A Howard st.
WANTED— IOO men to try our 15c breakfast,
dinner or supper; beet In city. 406 McAllister
St.. near Polk.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 7CO rooms. 2.'.c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUITS to order on installment* at cash prices,
Jl week. N. T. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 15c and 2Jo
per night. Llndell. S'h and Howard: read. rm.
TRY Acme House. 967 Market, st. below Blxtn. ,
for a room; Me a night: $1 a week. I
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver- |
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.: open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscription* his been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ■•ts' • open till 9 p. m.
BOBUOBS, I.ivi: STOCK. ■«• — lor Sale
A CARLOAD of rood work horses, one span
welkin* 3600. 17.-.1 Mission St.
HANDSOME team of thoroughbred horses and
rubber-tire bug*.)-; complete outfit. Inquire
between ">. i"d 3 p. m. 25*5 O'Farrell St., cor.
Mason. JEROME BABBITT.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagon, burgle*,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
IT! Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
LOOK out for the blir sale of horses Tuesday. .
11 o'clock, at Ormonde Stable. 1517 Mission st. i
8. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
CO HEAD fine draft and driving horses st 1521 I
and 1C25 Market St.. between Twelfth and
Brady; also come fine matched black teams.
14" FOR sale— Horse cart and harness. Horse
Clippers. 22 Golden Gate aye.
FOR sale— Fin.- black carriage team at Golden
Gate Stables,
FOR sale— Farm wagon. 1 work mule. 1 single
harness. 3644 Seventeenth st.
HOUSES LODGING FOR SALE.
A— KREDO & CO 22-4 Geary st.
Money to Loan at Low Rates.
9 roor.iv all rented; rent only $30 $3-V)
9 rooms: bast on Third: clears $43 175 ,
14 rooms; good; must sell; make offer
15 rooms; near Geary; clears $75 BSO
I*. rooms; transient: near Market 4"0
17 rooms; mostly office*; psylnsc »50 ]
23 rooms; well furnished: rent $57 50 850 ,
40 rooms: best In city: clear* $100 1.400
7-room flat; elegant: $375. KREDO A CO.
NICELY furnished 10-room house, permanent
roomers, will be sold at a bargain. Box 1353.
Call office.
18 ROOMS elegantly furnished, cost $3500 (new), !
$ISCO. Box 1351. Call office.
29 ROOMS; rent $?0; north of Ellis, nr. Jones I
St.: $1150. Box MS, Call office.
22 ROOMS; Eddy st.: $500. Vi cash; big bargain.
Box 1349. Call office.
BRICK block In Los Angeles to trade for hotel
and business. C. D. DAVIS. 1104 Market st.
18-ROOM boarding-house; Q-ary st.: $1150; want
larger house. Box 1350. Call office.
SIMO- 10-ROOM house; best location city: near
Market: all rented. BASILE, S Eddy st.
PARTY wishing to sell lodging house see BA-
SILE. 3 Eddy st. : new cash buyer dally.
•-ROOM furnished house •„ north Market' a
snap. COWING A CO.. 955 Market st.
HOWARD. 704, cor. Third— Nice house; a
, rooms: cheap: retiring from business.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let; send for clr-
_ cellar. Q. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BROADWAY. 1908— « rooms, bath, laundry; fine
marine view; rent $20.'
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN A HOW ELL
10 Montgomery st.
$100.0C0 TO loan on diamonds, watches.silver. seal-
_ skins, pianos, guns Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
HOUSE of 9 rooms and bath; furnished. $35;
unfurnished $25. 1116 Leavenworth st.
HOUSES TO LET FURNISHED.
$35— BAY-WINDOW house, with furniture; I
rooms and bath; 2609 Pine st. Apply to E.
ROBINET. room, C. 4im California st.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Baok case of gold watch; Initial* R. a
R.; reward. ROOS BROS.. 25 to 37 Kearny st.
LOST— Sunday. June 19. on Van Ness or Pacific
ay..'a pearl brooch. Reward at 2109 Pacific ay.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the I
name of MAURICE A. REARDON. No. 107-
252. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— louvre, Sunday night. Ivory handle
umbrella 11: irked T. to E. Return to Hlnton
Printing Co.. 321 Sacramento St.; reward.
LOST— One Iron tube, between Webster sU and
North Beach: liberal reward. GEO. HER-
MANN CO.. Sl» Sacramento st.
LOST— Blue and white greyhound bitch and
fawn and bitch puppies. Return to J. O'SHEA,
Seventeenth and Vermont sts; receive reward.
FOUND— Gray horse: owner can have same by
proving property and paying expense*. Ap-
ply WM. SAVAGE. 649 Bryant St.
MEDICAL.
PRIVATE home for patients In confinement or
chronic diseases, with best possible car*.
MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy st.. beU Hyde
and Larkin. Office hour*— lo to 12. Ito i »nd
7 to 8.
PRIVATE confinement home; sunny rooms; '
. best of care; nice garden; medicated steam
baths for ladles. DR. and MRS. WEGENER.
phone Pine 2781; res. 1312 Golden Uat* aye.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. IBS Market: ladles' |
physician; chronic disease* treated: late *rl«n-
tide methods; cure guaranteed; treatment U.
MEDICAL.
VR3. GOODWIN— This well-known ladles*
specialist, formerly of 401 Van Ness a»e..
1362 Market, has returned from Europe with
Improved method*, and advanced knowledge;
cure at office $5; warranted; 15 years' success-
ful practice In S. F. Office 11* Eddy. nr.
Mason.
MRS. DR. WT.:TH. ladles' physician: consul-
tation free; he me for patients In confinement
or with chron.c diseases; guaranteed treat-
ment at office. 14. MI Post st.. between Hyde
and Larkln; ho:rs. .10 to 5. I la I.
DR. POPPER, la lies' physician for 17 years;
call on physician with man knowledge; $3:
cure sent; private home In confinement- 111
Kearny st. . consultation free; guaranteed.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladle* physician. 1123 Mar-
ket St.. bet. Mas. n and Taylor; guaranteed
treatment at office. $3: noun 9a. m. to .' p. m.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1033 Market St.: hours. 10
a. m to & p. m. : at residence T2* Van Ness
aye.. 5 to } p. m. . guaranteed treatment li.
DR. WISE, the ladle*' specialist. 11U M«irk«l
St.: every case guaranteed: $5 up.
DR. G. W. O'I>ONNE:,L. the world-renowned
ladles' sperlall.t 1023-. Market st
DR. WONG HIM herb doctor, treats all dl»-
_.** * of the human b...:r 115 Mason st.
3IINES A.YD MINING.
w * F A . . AM mining attorney, room 40. lib
_floor. Mills building. 8. F; t*| Mala 144.
CAPE - NOi lE placer claim- -One-half Interest
'", ' ', aln ' ,?■ -' on I)a * ton Creek for sale for
Jfi? lf a PP** c "on is made Immediately: $400
Vim. l' H ? " C^ 1 ix * sl2 *"*■ w * F. ARAM.
Mills building. San Francl»~ 0 , '
MIX 1.1.1.\M.0| S _K»K » ALB.
BOILERS, engines. 2a-hand baVhi'n'erv MrT
INTOSH A WOLPMANJingj* FSnt st:
US 'i/ : "', k b * r "Ve m " Tor -'- • h '-^ase*. coun-
ters linoleum, office furniture, ,tore and of-
flee furniture and fixtures; new and ■econd-
.. nd J; N c?°/k AN ' i«W-»0X»-«a:.l£3 Mission
BA i {S V, , f"' • > ow e»sea. sh?lvi-, I mirrors.
bought, sold and exchanged. IM3 MlsVlon st!
AT less than cost*, uncalled-for suits and
trousers to be sold at Charlts I ronV th-
lx>ndon Tailor. 721 Market st T 'th
Csutlon— Re " K'^tZ 0 . tO th# r^t •»«•
7:1 Market St., In the Hl«tnry bolM nr • tor *-
Charles Lyons has nothm< to do with .__
other store in th- block. h"s name TTo«m o « 'iS
full over the store (CHARI.KS LYONS, ■
NEAT lair perfect g* m , o f~»oTual7*~diamon4
ear screws for »M. guaranteed to t* worth
twice the money. UNCLE lIAP.HIS iS
Grant aye. '
LAUNDRY machinery, etc.— Washer «x4O- ...
tractor. 25 In.; Hendy box mangle! hand' ex-
tractor; copper boiler. 40xtt. open top- Jto 4
Triumph steam generator. 7g< ilryant at. '
FOR sale— Wine and llauor route, with hur»l
and wagon. 1411 Pacific street.
CLOSING out of 300 new and 2d-hand h-^ters
and ranges; from $1 up. 213 Fourth st.
ANTKjUE brass candelabrum. 400 year* old.
and chandeliers for sale. 7234 Howard st.
c. SHARES in the Butt 1 railroad for sale. Box
1341. Call.
FOR sale— A pipe-cutting machine, cheap. Ap-
ply at 13K4 Stevenson st.. near Thirteenth.
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchant*,
steamers, residences; portable safety box-*;
specie chests, bullion s-ifea. vaults. etc. Th*
WalU Safe Co.. 109-111 Market St.. 8. F Cal.
FRESH snowballs— "T. Carr" and all brand*
English fire brick, fire clay, brlckdust. 8. R.
CHURCH, 307 Sansone st.; tel. Main tCM.
8 HOISTING engines, 3 steamers. I locomntlre*.
110 cars and all machinery used on Eureka
Breakwater. J. B. JARDINE. 220 Fremont.
EDISON Concert Phonograph, price reduced to
$100: concert records. 12 to. BACIOALUPL
»11 Market St.. San Francisco.
CREAM of Irish setter blx.d: price* rttUOO*
aMe. Glenmore Kennein. 2041 Linden. Oakland.
DRESS pants. $2 75; fine suit. $10. ' MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. Kl3 Montgomery st
A-$3 W DERBY and Fedora hats. $! 75^ Pop!
'l!.ir Price Hatters. M Rear- ', st.. nr. Pine.
FOR Christmas presents call on SORENSEnT
reliable Jeweler. 103 Sixth st.. below Mission.
BOILERS, engines, drill presses.p'aners.lathea.
Iron A wood: 2d hand. J. BURKE. 139 Bsale.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. H. P. White. EM Mission.
BUYS, sells, rents gear machinery, boilers,
water pipe: new.2d-hand. Whltelaw.2lJ Spear.
DR. CREELY'S C P. Worm Pills: by all drug-
ctsts. or Dog Hospital. " Oolden Gate ay».
SAFES— New and second-hand! THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO 417-421 Sacramento st.
BARS, r<v.inter«.i«rielvin«. showcase* IVTUfht nn-t
«o!d. FinFN 111» Ml»slon: t»l. .re«.:e ll«
MISCELLANEOUS WA.\TS.
FIREPROOF safe, with or without a burglar
cheat: state outstd* and Inside size and mak-
er' name and lowest cash price Box 11" ».
Call.
HIGHEST price paid for old feather beds ant
pillows: send postal. CHARLES LEWIS. 4:1
Union st.
WANTED— To hire 100 Tret-class scraper teatr*
with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B.
STONE. Elmhurst.
WANTED— Second-hand embroidery machine
for country. Apply or address lJ''j Oak «t.
LADIES' and children's cast-off dresses bought
and sold. J. Sllvermnn. M Fn*#om. nr. Wth.
3IONEV TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back In Installments or as a whole. If you
owe a balance on the purchase price »• will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tap* and publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call CB-O Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market St.
ANY amount at 6 per cent: Ist. 1.1 and 31 m -••
gages, undivided Interests, real estate In i —
bate; mortgazrs and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business e!s*>
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition; any amount; ( per cent: first,
second mortgag**, estates In probate, Interest
In estates, legacies, life Insurance; chattel
mortgages, confidential: advice free. O. E.
< .1 SEN, room Is. first floor. Chronicle bi i«
LOANS on furniture or pianos In 9. F., Oak-
land or Alameda st lowest rates. without
removal: no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission st. above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
AVOID delays; try all others, then see me; tlO to
to $100,000: « per cent: Ist. 3d or chattel mort-
. gatres. estates In probate, hi; ' »- Interests In
curtate*'. legacies and mortgag'^bought; »«ivt ■■»
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. C3f Markt.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advance* on diamonds, jewelry at low.
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry St re 14« Mark.-:
St.; lei Main 1<44 Branch 1» Third st.
ON real estate. Ist or 2nd mortgage*, and on
furniture or plan.**; no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. M Montgomery st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamond*,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY • mount by private r-nrty on furniture «l
piano*: no removal: low rates* confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatrry Mdg.. 130 Powell su
AT 126 Kearny. room ». a respectable and pri-
vate place to borrow money on wat. •«. dia-
monds, etc.; lowest rates; take elevator.
WANTED— S^ y "> tn $10.0 CO on strictly • clasa
security. ESTEN. room &>2. 32a Montgomery.
CASH loaned to »ularled people on note with-
out Indorser. MOIIP.ni.L. SB* Examiner bi.lg.
TO salaried men: without collateral or In-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
SBOCO TO loan on furniture and piano* at . rer
cent. WINSTON A CO.. 1028 Market st.
ALL propositions, small or large; salaries-
rents. KLOTH. m California 1 room 7.
$60 TO $50,000; lowest rate*: Ist and 2d mortgs, •
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery!
ON furniture, pianos, without removal* no
commission; private. LICK.. 11« McAllister st.
IF your property is m r li;u;f 4 and you need,
m.re money see H. MURPHY. Oo Market st.
MUSICAL INSTIIL'.MENTS^
AGAIN we remind you that Voa should TptirT
chase your medium and low-priced Plan.*
where they can be exchanged for a Stelnway
within three years and have full purchase
price allowed. We are selling new uptight
pano* for W per nth. and some good]
pianos for 13, $4 and v. per month. SHrit.
MAN CLAY A CO.. Stein way Dealer, «or.
ner Kearny and Sutler sts.. San Francisco:
corner Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hoaaa
WM A of^ C . h , Ic J!-" > '" KOHLER A CHASE'S.
M. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organ* an.l
all other musical Instrument* of all grade,
and ; rices; term* easy; prices lowest: every-
thlnF possible done to pleas* and satisfy the
customer. . .
KNAUE planes; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
$100 WILL buy a nice little upright st MAU-
VAIS'. 7» Market st.
COME and see us If you want bargains; prices
low; term* easy, MAUVAIS, 7O Market st.
DECKER A SON piano* take the lead every.
where; they are -bent of the best." Sold only
St MAUVAIS-. 7«!J Market st. _*
CLOSING out a lot of second-hand pianos on
storage at auction price*; cheap for c»ah.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market su
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
pianos; price* reduced to Insure prompt aalea.
W. C. HAMILTON, C» Poet at.MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. /
ALL makes for a (hurt time cn!y.
t4 It. $4. J4. 14, fl per month.
T Cl.'.ilnTir.gs. 2 Ftcinways. I Vose & tjhns and
?lfty cthrr silently wed fclßh and
CraAe (ilanos: »-r«eolal discounts for Kikh.
HEINE PIANO MFG. CO.. IS6 Cilia it
A VnnY fine urrljrht, slightly used, sacrificed
fcr cash. Room 12. Flood building./
EQUARE piano for »ale. f>l3 Hampthlre et.
FINE Ftarher « Strtawajr nprirht; sacrificed
KIcnFFI-: 1^. »■»■ Van Nesg avt'.. gr. Oeary st.
W U BATXIER, 412 Sacramento it.. a»te • for
Franrln Hno. n ard lU'.l<Mt & Davis .pianos.
WANTED—; eijuare pianos. HYSON MALZV
Zij I'ohl st.
COOt> uirlßht piano, nearly new, cheat)
PORNI'nG. Tit McAllister «t.
BARGAIN— Oi «>d ujirigbt: cheap. SCHMITZ. lii i
McA:it»:«fr «.. next Hibernli Bank. ;
Bi'UMEK, Byron Maviry and Mher rlnnos US
Port *t.
BtTPKn:Oi: vlollm. rlthers. old ar.d new H
MULLEP.. tr.al-er. repairer. 2 Lathnm place.
A WEEK'S r.ews for 5 rents— The Weekly Call
;r r-sc-e '■:'> wrapper, f.-r mailing. » per year! |
OFFICES AM> *>TCRa:s— TO iTIiT. I
ELSOANT large ttcre; 4 fine rooms rear.
large cry ba*cmeat; suitable for any business'
BSJ Valencia »t.. under Hotel Denr.lston cor- '
T.r Twi-r.ty-f.rst; bus'.a.css center of Mission.
BTOKE. tartly fltted up. for barber aacp or
M>J »^-.aM business. ZZIH Valencia st.
Pi\TH. rc?.- Store 3 rrotrsT large yard; rear en- I
traiice; rer.t til; water free. |
PACIFIC, Z:^ ar.d 2*5—2 'some large (tores
v let; very cheap.
j:VM * SIMIKCKKLR V.ng. <*:: Market »U- |
I.trV* mrr.y rfn<-e. v* M> m %n> r > r mnnth.
I* VI >ll>l 10.
J! AVE your life ns 1 without a Question or
rtilrtake at your fwn home; enga^emenu by
tr..-ff» Larkln 1W« VR<5. I^.
_^___ vi •»■«•< vis.
ROOF OF THB
Have you be* n aatiuned with your roofs '
anrtac the last ralnitorm? No. Kver>"where
it leaks!: Wba: a nuisance are those roofs:!:
Tl.e Qcnain genuine Ilaeutler Wood-Cement
V.Ojt, v Cat roof, is the Hoof of the Future!
ts potltivel: proi'f agalntit rain, storms and :
rre. it v Jurable. economical and lnde- i
ttructlble.
R««ccmracr.Jed by ths Germsn Government.
It ha* ben. tried *r.J tcticd ;n all the Eur»-
pma etate» with ur.paralle'.ed rvectt-u. cni is i
:. ir t-eoonUnK rapidly poi»ular In tlie United ;
f-'tntes. :■•.•,■. cf worthless Imitations. For ;
tartfetr particular! write to G. graFF. sen- ;
• •«; r.K :t tnd representative ef t!.» rt-n':!n.«
HAEVSI-EH WWjD-CEMHNT ROOFS for j
i^an Tranclfoo or.d the surrounding counties,
CO '-ixtcfi.th rt.. Sun Francisco. Cal.
FUE!: "SITTINGS FOR BUST CABINET :
PH'iTOS; co' deposit; every Tuesday.]
W.-dnesdßy and Thursday of thta month at ■
r.TacLKIJ^ANP.P. 4C O'Farrell ft.
WANTED— Baby for adopUon; write before \
ccnr.remer.t. which must be in few days or
r.-«-»k. Addt-*-!.? bo« SIS. Call offlce. :
MANILA Freaca laundr>-; clear.lnK. dyclr.g;
turtalns. Cic up; avoid holiday rush. M 2 Geary.
VEAK eyea. cold ln the e»ea. poor sight. In- j
fiar-ed l!<Ss. »-tc.. can be cured permnnently by |
MIIS. HONES' CeletrateJ Vy Salve. C3S
N'atoma *t. I
LEDERER'S Qulntcnlra. the fiaert cf all hair |
tonics, refreshes and renews the hair; we :
bottla. Used and sold at 123 Stockton St.
J.EDERER l» Introducing some new hair styles, j
Just lrr.pcnej direct fn-ra Parts. 25c; dolls' !
hair dremed. too; manicuring. CSe; he uses •
Fob no Phani.'oo, tc package. 123 Stockton st.
tfTAMMERING ccrrerted: booklet. J. WHITE- !
HORN. A.M.. Ph.D.. i::5 Linden. Oaklsnil.
JOHN L. BOONE. Pater.t Trademark
Attorney at Law. and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter st. Laws a Specialty.
Saa Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Send for circular. Patents Solicited.
ARTISTIC r.a'.rSress'r.ir. 25c; shampo"tr.r 2^;
•:.:".:••?:■< ar.d manicuring taught. Up-to- I
I'ste Partcra, l r 2« Mark't rt.. ever Wonder. i
n.nGA*.". rcrsr.asts '. r suita, 110 71; pants, j
t! 7S. or overcoats, 112 tO: made to order; '
tarr.ples sent to Interior. One Price Tailoring i
Cc. 1544 Market tt.. St. Nicholas Hctel. ;
ELECTRIC lights In every rocm; Winchester
Hot*!. 44 Third St.. near Market: ICO rooms: I
r>c tc tl f.O per right; tl TO to IS per week;
free 'bus and baggape to and from the ferry.
LEAPING theatrical and trasQUeraie cos-
turners; rr.ake-up and wlg»: country orders so- I
llcited. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Market st.
lIinSUTINE CO.. hair specialists, grow balr |
cr no pay; book for stamp. < Eddy st.
A. KT.riN liu>a olc:h!cx. bric-a-brac, tools and !
oM gold; send' fcr him. Vtt Sixth at.
ONLY »trre that buys r.13 ccM Jewelry and !
car t-og clcthlr.f. COLEMANB. &C 6 Kearny.
BEST price for cast-off clothing and brlc-a-
rr-cc. 11. MARKS, ttt Third St.; aead postal.
FTTTP to rrder on easy !r.stal!rr.enta. L.
LCM^S. ZII7 Market St.. bet. 7th and tth.
DR. L. B WOOD; der.tal work In alt branches:
ritaminatirn free. 7!9 Mrrket rt.. rms. 2 i J.
I'AINTING sr.l paperhanKlr.n; rooms papered,
:: ro up. jenfen ft p,ath. soj sixth st.
VRP L. J. WHEELOCK has removed La Verite I
parlcrs to 1140 Market et.; phore Foliom 44«.
ANTIOT-'E and curiosity shop; books bought. |
"■M, «xch«nred. t2S Dupcnt St.. near Cal.
INCRUSTATION— New Invention for china dec- '
rratcrs. Set S. R. CHURCH. 307 gar.soait st.
Z.ACIOCAK & CO.. mfm. of fine furs and teal
rr:rn.erTs; also remodeling. 1M Kearny st.
IK yr.u with full value for ywr cast-off cloth-
Ir.g call on B. COHEN. 177 Third st. !
JU'PTURE. stricture cured; no knife; no injec-
tlon: ruarantd. I>r. Gordln. tl4 Pln». ab.Krny.
WANTED— OId itald for manure O. • LTE.
.i«w>:«-r. 2<t OTarrell. b>-t. Powell and Mas^n.
rao KM.it vi rn.ii>.
rJNEPT and fullest i^tock; nquare deal ar.d
rrctr.pt sen-Ice; country orders cur specialty;
cr.talnrri" fr»e. Tal. Camera Co.. Z! Oe.ir>- nt. '
Kji:.^ ESTATE— CITV — FOR lALB.
FOR SALE— Modern resldenc*. 10(X Leaven-
w>rth st.. b?t. I';ne and California: between
t car Unas; oontaina t sunny roorat, bath and !
basement; all the latest Improvements : partly
fjrnlshod; r.o reasonable cfTer refused: good
!nvr«t»et.t. Inculre 1006 Leavenworth st.
f2<nn — I>JOr>ERN 5-room cottage on bltumlntred i
ttrret: lot "xlIJ; also a large 7-roorn house
cv Pierce st.. near Haigl.t; Reuses built to ■
«::!t purrr.at.er; »ary terms. Inquire on pretn-
!-.p. F NELSON, bul'.der.
j:«i FOH new house of 5 rooms and lot Mx% !
In Oakland; terms 1230 cash, balance }.« ;»r I
mcr.th: lot and house coat tUOO. Inquire WM
& CO.. Cl 4 Call bunldlng.
IF you have lota north cf Golden Gate Park.
•' > ' of Flrtt aye.. and you wish to pell them,
call en W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery tt.
t«J-LOT ::xl"0; f%n line ICth aye.. 275 south I
H ft. F. EARLEY.
NEW t-ftory houses; ' rooms ; Noe and Hill
sts.. n>a.r »*aft!-o-st. cars: cheap.
HEAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale-
A HARE CHANCE" "
J .).-.•.• :»;.. : v Sprlnga. the famous summer re-
aort an 4 vineyards. Napa County, all fur-
nished and equipped for btiktness: has full
house every .--..-. and pays owner over 20
j*r cent na Ir.veirtment; roust be sold at
terms to raft, or rrntefl at once on account of
imn.edlate departure of owner to Europe.
For ph'-tr-iiriii/hs and purtlruUrs inquire of
A. M. SPECK A CO.. CC7 Market st.
.
A-:U00; Ik ACRES level grain and fruit land; ,
so..d C-ror>m li< use, l*m; about 2iX> fnilt trvea
lie»r:i,s; also h-rse. cow. imuN-mentn. rtc;
gnn'.n.a Co. S-fl^ X A CO.. til Market st.
AN immense lift for *aie and exchange!
11 uriTf. nicely Improved; Income fruit and
roultry runch; adjjlr.ini: Hunol. Alameda Coun-
ty: I1C.0: ■
120 srrrs level and rently rolling losm; com-
plete set bulldlnr^; C acren orchard, etc.- tl&OO
jn to 300 acr»-s: ■uMrrltlon aale of be?t lo-
cated end richest, highly cultlvat'-d valley |
ln»m: r.ear N*]>a; only TO acre: worth IIOJ !
FlcyrLP. THE LANI> AGENT. C 5 Market st! I
A-tKOfi— a SNAP— 3CO ncr*.*, Calaverafi Co . 1
mile from U. R. Untinn: €0 acrrs bottom land;
well f»-n<*«-d: }ir*u»e ar.d barn; wood and water
C. F. MOORE. !>SS Market St., room «.
:C9 ACRES choire orchard or vineyard land: !
near Stockton. San Joaquln Co.. Cal. Address
box IS^Call^fnr*;
t-pnnM new houw. VM cash. J2S per month"
THE MrCARTHT CO.. «46 Market at.
TO rent— "Harton Ilanch." fO acres, near Oak-
land: 14 fruit. J»OS Uroadway.
A WEEK'S news for I runts. The Weekly Call.
TC rages, in wr!H'T*»r. Tnalllng. II prr year.
ROOM! »"<»li HOLSEICEEIMNG.
A P.RAN<'II offlce for the reception of adver-
tls'-mri.ts and rubscrli'tlor.s has been opened I
tt ira Polk ft.; open until 8 p. m. •
.HUSH. 2i2<— 3 pear.ant tunny furnished house-
k<"plng rooms; u»e of bath. laundry, yard.
CLAY 1421. near Flllmore-*2 larr» ur.Tiirr.
upper rooms; yard; water: rear- r*nt J7.
CLASSIFHiU adv»-rtlseir.entß and subscriptions
r<f-r.veil at Call branch olflce. 22(K> Fillmore »t.
EDDT,' < .54—1 runny furnished rooms, complete
for housekeeping.
FIFTH. 822— Housekeeping room and single
rocm; newly fiLrnlsbed.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
FIFTH, 2Z3— 3 connecting furnished housekeep-
lng ruon-.s, 113; aleo rlr.gle rmi.. >5. 16 and 17.
EIGHTH/ 5415. near Market— One or two sunny
front rooms, with I liar kitchen. furnished
for housekeeping: bath; private family.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1404—2 large rooms,
housfkeeiilnif. 110, and single rooms $1; pri-
vate family.
JACKSON. ti\ nr" Furnished large
room; grate; or housekeeping; 17. to $S.
JKPSII*. 431— Newly furnished rooms for house-
kro^lng; also single rooms; reasonable.
LAIIKIN. r?6 — Clean sunny housekeeping apart-
mrntfc; JSC trt $CS per month; central.
MIFSION. in? — Newly furnlrhed room; house-
keeping and others.
SAC-RAMENTO. 1514, bet. Hyde and Larkln— l
clean sunny front rooms; elegantly furnished!
modern Improvements; light housekeeping al-
_lowed.
STOCKTON. 611. nr. California— Floors of I un-
furnished and 3 large furn. rooms; garden.
THIRTEENTH. 319. nr. Valencia— Large front
room; light housekeeping If desired; rent *6.
Jl(«\<v>o TO loan on diamonds, watches. silver, seal-
(klns. planes, iruns. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets. Open until 9 p. ra.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
FUbtcrlptlcns has been established at 1096 Va- I
l*nrla *t.
ROOMS TO LET — I'urn. and I fnrn
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tlfi-iiientj and subscriptions has been opened
at 1123 Polk tt.; open until 8 p. ra.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. US Sixth-Rooms
2&c to {1 per right; tl 25 to ii per week, and
light housekeeping: open all night.
AT Hotrl Francisco. Turk and Taylor st*.—
Homelike houte; modern »ervlce; elevator;
bath; rooms DOc to fl DO day. MRS. J. KING.
A— "EPWORTH"— CIean: respectable; SI 25 to j
}• per week; housekeeping. K37H Market at.
A— "WALDORF," 3C9 Powell— Frcnt suites and
single : ma, with or without board.
BURNETT. I 4:« Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlched rms., suites, rlngle; also unfurnished.
CARROLTON. '.:?€ Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye. corner: well furn; rms. A offices.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and sub* tloni
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st. |
FOURTH. iri'TJ— Nicely furnished sunny bay-
window and single ■•■■.•■ quiet.
FOURTEENTH, T2lA— Nicely furnished room.
suitable fcr 2 gentlemen; also one single rocm.
riIANKLIN. 21 (Newport)— .■-.-• bay-
window room for 2 your.g men; also housekpg. '
FULTON. 322—2 pleasant sunny front rooms,
I- and Hi per month; use of parlor; gentlemn.
GEARY. 14A— Changed hands; sunny front
suites; also other roonss; reasonable.
QEART. CfC— Sunny suite of rooms; privilege !
light housekeeping; other rooms; Laths;
I'hotie. :
GIRARD House— l 92 Seventh— Sunny furnished
rooms; day or week; reasonable. <
GIM2CD SOUTHERN— Southeast cor. Seventh |
and Mission st*.— Sur.ny rooms, en suit* or
single; ladles' parlor; reading room; elevator.
GRANT aye.. 217— Elegantly furnished rooms,
en suite, double and single.
HANCOCK House. TSI Mission— Select family
rcomlr.jt house; 31 W te M per week.
MCALLISTER, 46.*— 2 sunny, nicely furnished
rooms; suitable for man and wife or gentle-
n.an.
NINTH. Two or I furnished rooms suitable
for two ladles cr gentleman.
HUWARD. 7:i— 200 fj:.:.y rooms: nicely fur-
r.lshed; every ccnvenler.ee; electric lights.
HOWARD. STS»— Clean, rrtpectable. l"sc to il per
night; from Jl per w«.ek to 13; Howard-st car
to the doer.
JONES. 415>— Front sunny newly furnished I
suite, t2O; ctber roozns. 111 and $13; gas, bath.
LARKIN. 1024»»— Ntcely furnished frcnt bay- !
win Jow room; sur.ny; suitable for 1 or 2 gen-
tlemen.
MCALLISTER. 7024— 3 nice rooms for house-
keeping: also single and suites: bath; gas.
VINNA W7. corner Uightn— Newly furnished
bay- window roor^, tl r»" week; transient.
NEW Arllr.£tcn. 1018 Market— Nicely furnished;
36c day up: S2 week up; transient. |
O'FAKUKLU 20— Punny furnifhed rooms and
offire*; elevator; electric lights; day. wk.. mo.
O'FARRELU r2S— Well-furnished -front rooms; ;
large; suitable doctor or dentist; run. water. ,
O'FARP.ELL* Fl4— Newly furnished, new house; >
latest Improvements: front rooms. ii up. -
O'FARRELL, 1527— front and bark p«rlirs;
front parlor handsomely furnished: back par-
lor partly fum.; will furn. to suit; other rms.
POLK. 1012— A eunny alcove room, $»; a pleas- ,
ant room. ft. \
ROSEDALE. m Ellis, nr. Taylor— loo rooms; i
'"■■- a night: II a week: transient. |
P.OTAL House. 126 El'.'.s st.— lncandescent
llrht, reading-room, smoking-room and ladles'
parlor: rooms, per night. 85; to $1 10: week, $2
'- M: month. H to 130; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot. cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
TENTH. 123. near Market— Small light room;
running water S3 per month.
SEVENTH. 2Cl— Nicely fuml«hed room suitable
for lady; private family; 15.
CUTTER. 705— 0f fire of ate Dr. Robertson; alsi
ether sunny, handsome rooms.
THE Oaks. 11* Third— A (fwd rooming house
for rood people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
TURK. 24 — Comfortably furnished sunny rms.; i
reasonable; also light housekeeping rooms.
TURK. 127— Nice sur.ny rooms from $5, $6 and
Iv rooms for men and wives. J*,'!'.' per mo.
VAN NESS aye.. 402— Nicely furnished aunny
room with or without beard; reasonable.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty* and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at ICVe Va- j
lencia st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call. 16 panes, sent to any address in the
United Btsteg or Canada one year for Jl, '
riostsce r>«ld.
BEWIXCj MACHINES A\D Sl'I'l'LIES.
12 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth, phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at »--• rates. 2"'. Fourth St.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
OOOD letters are effective; letters skillfully
composed; stylishly executed; type or pen
written; moderate fees; no publicity. 6 O'Far-
re St., room 17.
ROOMS papered from 13: whitened, II up; i
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 219 Third. ,
BAD tenants ejected for 14: collections made:
city cr ccur.try. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
41? M^rif •■ "-v »t.. ronmn 9-10; tel SttO.
STORAGE AMI WAREHOUSES.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. PMITH. prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PI E RCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co. j
Off.-c. 4<>i P«st st.. cor. P i well; tel Main 6713. •
WATCH IIEPAIIMNG.
WATCHES rU-nned 75c; guaranteed 1 years.
The Hoy Jewelry and Optical Co., 540 Kearny.
(DIM) NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. »9 (flftv cents
per shtre) of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY, will be payable at the office of
the comuany. 227 Market st., on and after
FRIDAY, December 1. ISM. Transfer bor,k 8
will cloee on SATURDAY. November to li'ji
nt 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ALAMEDA ADYERTISEMENTSw
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladles In delicate health; large
grounds: private. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 141< Ith.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
DEIUCELEV REAL ESTATE.
3 ELEGANT J-room colonial home* adjacent
Lnlversity of Cal.; Just completed; porcelain
bath; finished In natural wood: ail modern
conveniences; sunny frontage; terms If de-
Mred. M. L. CRTS. 17th A ll' way. Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENT*
OFFICE— QOS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE. J
AN Introduction to you from H. Shellhaas. tha
furniture dealer, lltli and Franklin, Oakland.
HIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 24. 1899.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
of Son Francisco, State of California.— ln the
matter of Occidental Uet»t Sugar Company, a
corporation, upon Its application fee a judg-
ment of dissolution.— Notice No. 70.4:2.
Notice 1% hereby riven that OCCIDENTAL
BEET SUGAR COMPANY, a corporation or-
ganized and existing under and by virtu* of
the laws of the State of California, and hav-
ing Its office and pace of business In the city
and county of San Francisco. State of Cali-
fornia, has filed a verified application ad-
dressed to the Superior Court of the city and
county of San Francisco. Ktate of California,
which application Is signed by a majority of
the Heard of Director*, praying for a judg-
ment of dissolution of raid corporation, and
that Friday. December 22nd. IS*'.«. Nt 10 o'clock
a. m., at the courtroom of said court, De-
partment Number Two. In the City Hall of
the City and County of San Francisco, have
be<>n appointed as the day. time and place for
the hearing of said application.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed the official seal of said Su-
perior Court, this 20th day of November. IS?9.
ISeall WM. A. DEANE. Clerk.
By JOSEPH RIORDAN. Deputy Clerk.
Endorsed: Filed November 20. ISM. WM.
A. DEANE. Clerk. By JOSEPH HIORDAN.
Deputy Clerk.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Louis J. Jaccard and Marie Fuhrer 81-27
Edward Scott and Katie Murphy 29-27
Hugh Relfe and Dorothy Yost 24-24
Eugene E. Gelsel and Elvira M. Noe 3S-22
Henry Schulz and Lena Schulz 37-30
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS. "
Birth, marriage ar.d death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication ofiices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
so::> authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
CAMPBELL— In Went Oakland. November 21.
ISD3, to the wife of A. Campbell, a daugh-
ter.
OOLUER-In this city, November 20. ISM. to
the wife of John Augustus Collier, a Bon.
HOTOP— la this city. November tL 1593. to the
wife of Fred Hotop. a daughter.
MARRIED. ~
CARR— PODD— In Sacramento. November 15.
1533. by the Rev. C. L. Mail. Arthur Carr and
Ella M. Podd. both of Sacramento.
McKAY— LAGES— In Oakland. November 21.
lb?3. by the Rev. J. H. Ttwlaa, Nathan Alex-
ander McKay of Angels Camp and Albertlne
Leges ■■: Oakland.
DIED.
Ames, Man' A. McGllnchy, Hugh
Ar.tonledea. Katie Mcrger.ihu.l Fr:«nclsca.
Collier. John A. Mlllard. Lucy A.
Dejinond. Dennis Newmark. fieima
Flytin. Michael lUttlgan. Ann
Garabrar.t, Mrs. E. Stevenson. James C.
Hallinan. Mary E. Btuokar, Charles J.
Hlron, Victor £wan, Edward S.
Hoonaaon, Herrmann Sweeney, William
Jensen. Julia Tllden, Irma
Johnson. Lucretla Zappartine, Antone
a:: -In th's city. November 22. IS&3. at the
residence of her uncle, T. W. Brennan. 1222
Laguna street. Mary A., beloved and eldest
daughter of the lale Captain Henry W. and
EMsa C. Ames.
C7The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), uu S> o'clock. troi the above resi-
dence. Frier.*!* are Invited to uttond a sol-
emn r*(j\Ji'-:ii nutiM at St. Mary'a Cathedral,
commencing si 9:30 o'clock, lntmnent pri-
vate, llcjin.i Calvary Cemetery.
AXTOXIEDES— In thle city. November 23, ISW,
Katie. Wife of IC. Ar.tur.lt-J'jS. and beloved
niece of Michael Qalvln, .. nativa of County
Ualway, Ireland, aped il yearE and S months.
tv'Tlie (uneral will ■•;.•;
(Suturdtj). at 9:Z) o'clock, from the residence
of l.rr ur.elo, M. '.:,■■! ualvln, hi Kausch
street, tlicnce to ht. Joseph's Church, where a
requiem high r.-jtuis will be celebrated for the
repoM of her soul at 10 o'clock, lntermtnt
Holy Crues Cemetery.
COLLIKH— in this city. November 20. l! 03. John
AuffUktu*. Infant sun of John A. and Edith
E. Collier, and cntndson of George I. and
L. 6. Drew.
DESMOND— In this city. November 23. 188?.
Dennis, beloved husband of Catherine Des-
mond, and father of William. James, Mamie
and Katie Desmond, a native of the parish uf
Macnx>m, County Cork, Ireland, abed CS
years.
C-/" friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the %iner.. to-morrow
(Saturday), at 5.30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 415 Minna street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at Si o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
FLYNN— In this city, at the Potrero. November
22. IS&9. Michael, beloved husband of Julia
Flynn, and father of Katie, William and
Thomas Flvnn, I native of Clonmel, County
Tlp;*rary, Ireland, age\l 43 years. (Boston
PHDera r-l*ase coiiy.)
Z-i Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at > o'clock, :. :.. his ■->• resi-
dence. 6:0 Eighteenth street. Potrero, thence
to St. Teresa's Church, where a requiem high
ma«s will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Crock
Cemetf-ry.
GAKAIU'.ANT-In Piedmont, November 22.
Ib3'.\ Mrs Eliza Garabrant, widow of Charles
Garabrant, and mother uf Mrs. C. W. Ran-
dall, a native of Saratoga brings, N. y .
aged It >rars and i months. »Newark, N. J.,
and Bloomlleld. N. J . papers pleaae copy.)
HALLINAN— In this city. November 21. ISM.
Mary Ellen, wife of the late Thomas Hal-
llr.an. rr.other of John. Thomas, Maurice and
the late Timothy HHllinan. Mrs. George Mc-
Luren and Mrs. Nathan Uewaon, and sister
of Michael ::!lvan. a native of Ireland,
aged 60 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at fc:3o o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1437 Valencia street, thernce to St.
James Church, where a solemn requiem high
muss will lx* celebrated for the r*"pote of her
toul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SI RON— anniversary mans will be cele-
brated f«r the repose of the soul of Victor
Hlron to-morrow (Saturday), at • o'clock, at
the Church of Notre Dame de« Vlctolres, 526
Bush street.
HOoRMANN— In this city, November 21. 1539.
Herrmann, beloved husband of Ellae Hoor-
mano, a native of Meppen, Hanover, Ger-
many. ac»d '• years 10 months and 18 days.
C7Frlt'nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at k:Zi o'clock, from his lat-?
residence, fil •iw-il street, between Four-
teenth and Fifteenth, thence to St. Boniface's
Church. Gulden Oate avenue, between Jones
and Leavenworth streets, where a solemn re-
quiem hl:h mars will be celebrated for the
repo** of hi^ soul, commfnclng at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Crosa Cemetery.
JENSEN— In this city. November 22. IS??. Julia
Jensen, beloved wife of 11. Jensen, and
mother of Dora. Ida. Alfred and !k,--r Jen-
i" n. a native of Bornholm, Denmark, aged 44
yearn.
C^TFrlends and acquaintancea are respect-
fully invited to attend the fun<-ral th day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. P. I'eterten & Co.. 22S McAllister street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
JOHNSON— this city. November 22. 1599.
Lucretla Johjison, beloved mother of C. C.
Johnfoii. and mother-in-law of Mrs. Yolo
B. Johnson, a native of Baltimore, M. D.,
aged CJ years 2 months and 20 days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
McGLINCHY— In this city. November 23. 1599.
Hugh, beloved husband of Hannah McOlln-
chy, and father of Willie. Hugh and Joseph
McGllnchy. Mrs. E. Eastwood, Mrs. O. Adalr,
Mrs. James Herbert and Mrs. Walter Adalr.
a native of County Donegal, Ireland, aged 68
years.
MEKGHNTHAL^In this city, November 22,
1&99. Franclsca Mergenthal. dearly beloved
wife of the late Henry Mert«ithal, and be-
loved mother Of Mrs. Herrmann Wrede and '■
August Write, a native of Herstelle, Ger-
many, aged 74 years 4 months and 9 days. A
member of the Chrtstllche Mutter Vereln.
C .7" Friends and acquaintances are renpeot-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence of
her son-in-law. Herrmann Wrede. 121S Pacific
etreet. between LieawenWOllll and June*.
thence to St. Boniface's Church. Golden Gate
avenue, near Jones street, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by carriage.
MILLARD— In this city. November 22, U39.
Lucy A., beloved wife of Benjamin F. Mil-
lard. and daughter of the late Mrs F. Ooou,
a native of California, aged 24 years 6 months
and 22 days.
C>' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 34 Cedar avenue, off Larkln street,
between Geary and Post. Interment Masonic
Cemetery. »
NEWMARK— In this city. November 21. 1J99.
Pel ma, beloved wife of Abraham Newmark of
Pan Francisco^ and daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
H. Goodman of Oakland, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 31 years.
[7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 12:15 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1507 A Eddy street. Interment Moun-
tain -View Cemetery. Oakland, by 2 o'clock
creek boat.
RATTKIAN— In Hnywarde, November 22. 1899,
Ann l:«ttUran. beloved sister of Mrs. M.
Carey of wards, a native of Ireland, aged
{£ year*.
Friends and acquaintances are respoct-
HEMRV J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS and EMBALMEHS,
HO Fifth M.. opposite Line .In reboot.
Telephone South 80.
— — — rr— mi»u«iinin»»iiMni—«— i— ■■— ■
/ncAVOY «fc CO., I
FUNEKAL DIHKOTOns A. EMUALMERS. 9
FI'NEIIAL I'iHKUK.RS oc EMUALMERB,
1235 Markrt st.. between itl> and 9ta. P
- ' Telephone South 247. |
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Saturday), from the residence of
her sister. Mrs. M. Carey, at Haywards.
thence to All Saints' Church, where a requiem
high mac! will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
STEVENSON— In this city. November 22 1553,
James Cowan, beloved husband of Mary Stev-
enson, father of John 11.. James c. and Jessie
Stevenson. Mrs. Elisabeth Ii Hamilton. Mrs.
Margaret H. rimer and Mrs. Mary Base-
horn, and brother of A. M. Stevenson, a na-
{ tive of Scotland, aged IS years 6 months and
2 days.
1 (ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
I fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 19 n.^nita street, between Vallejo and
Green. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
STUCKEY— In this city. November 22. 1539.
Charles James, beloved husband of Eleanor
Sturkey, a native of Wales, aged 39 years and
i days.
EWAN— In this city. November 22, IS<>9, Ed-
ward S. Swan, a native of Massachusetts,
aged 64 years.
CTTrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Friday),
at 10 o'clock, at his late residence, 704 Stock-
ton street.
SWEENEY— In this city. November 23, ISM.
William Sweeney, beloved son of Mrs. Mary
McKenna and the late Patrick Sweeney,
brother of Mrs. M-i'ullough, and stepbrother
Of I*. J. and . Nellie McKenna, a native of
Nevada, nged 43 years and 9 months.
TILDEN— I:; this city. November 23 1899. at
12JS Tenth avenue, Sunset Heights, Irma, be-
loved daughter of Augustus and Irma Linden
Tllden. ■ native of San Francisco, aged 6
years 7 months and 15 days.
C7"Fur.eral this day (Friday), at S o'clock.
Services and lntermest private.
! Z.APPARTINE— In the City and County Hospi-
tal. November 23, is 1 .". A atone Zappartlne, a
native of Italy, aged CS years.
REAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Carrie and Charles L. Ackerman. Ida and
Abraham Brown. Henrietta and Mortimer Da
vis and Samuel C. and Philip C. Meyer to Leah
Meyer, lot on NW corner of Van Ncsa and
Broadway. N C 8:« by W 135:3; gift.
Manuel Y. and Jesus Z. Ferrer to Eugene
Gauthler. lot on N line of Pine street. 162:8 E
of Octavia. X 30 by N 137:6; $10.
William and Marie Wemper to Louis Fried
lander, rerecord lE3B D. 141. lot on S line of
Oak street. 45:9 E of Central avenue (Lott).
S 110. E 8:S 2-5. NW 110::. JlO.
George Frlnk Spencer and Cora E. Spencer to
George W. Frlnk, all Interest In Western Addi
tion blocks SCO and 851; gift.
J. H. Meredith to tame, lot on N line of
Jackson street. 100 E of First avenue, N 86. N
75 deg i4>* nun., E 13, S to point W 7:«. quit
claim deed; 33.
George W. and Minerva K. Frlnk to Mar
garet Donovan, tune; $10.
Catherine I)avl*on (by B. P. Oliver, commis
sioner to Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society,
lot on SW line of Nevada street. Its SE of
Folsom. SE 22:6 by SW 63; *925.
John C. John* i. and San Francisco Paving
Compiiny (by Albert N. Tucker, commissioner)
to George S. Crim (trustee for Samuel M. and
William H. Crim Jr.. minors), lot on \V line of
Florida street. 175:6 S of Twenty-third. E 23:6 by
W 100; J3461.
Thomas C Smith to Anna Smith, lot on 8
line of Union street. 152:6 £ of Lark::;. B 70
by E 23:4; gl:t.
John W. Llttlefle'.d Jr. to Sarah J. Steele.
lot on N line of Perry street. 137:6 E of Third.
B 20 by N SO: $10.
Ant E. E. Alben to Rosa M. T. L. 9. J.
Albers. lot on NW line of Clementina street.
125 Ni: of Fifth. NE 25 by NW SO. quitclaim
deed: $1.
O. T. Lemon to J. Norok, lot on NE corner
of Fifteenth avenue and B street. N N by E
63:9; JlO.
Jacob and Lina Heyman to Bessie Rumsey.
lot on S line of X street. 132:6 W of Fortieth
avenue. N 322: 3-10. NW 19.06. SW 323.89. E
25.r5 : 110.
Olive Verkouteren to David Devoto, lot 26,
Bernal Homestead Association; $10.
Fred H. Jung (commissioner for ) to Ar
mour McLauchlln. lot on NW corner of Hey
man and Prospect avenues, W 70 by N 25, lot
90 Jacob Heyman'B Subdivided Cobb Tract;
$wo.
Beverly Letcher to Mary Nolan, lot on NE
line of Holly street. 75 N of West Park. E 101:6.
N 25. W 123:5. SE to beginning, being lot 4.
blork 3. Holly Park Tract; $10.
Alameda County.
Erastus Kelsey to Ellen E. Kelsey, lot on W
line of Harrison street. 75 S of Eleventh, 8 25
by W ICO. block 141. Oakland; gift.
B Kelsey to Emma J. Toier, lot 2S. block
B. Amended Map J. W. Crawford Tract, quit
claim deed. Oakland: $10.
Emma J. Toxer to Mellle M. George, same,
Oakland: $10.
Charles N. and Mary E. Wood to Frank R.
Glrard. beginning at the point formed by th*
Intersection of boundary fine between lots IS
and 19, block 2043. Rowland Tract, with S
boundary line of lot 22. same block, thence B
10 by E 50. being the N 10 feet lot 18, block 2043,
Rowland Tract. Oakland; $10.
Bculah Park Camp Meeting Association fa
corporation) to C. II Blanchard. lots IS6, IS7
and I*S. block L. Map of Beulah Park property,
Baal Oakland; $10.
Grace E. White (nee Atwood) to Mrs. Alblna
L. Bradloy, undivided one-half Interest In lot
7S, In plat 148, Mountain View Cemetery, Oak
land Town.ihlp: tl.
11 M. Newcomb to Frederick H. Dakln, undi
vided one-quarter Interest In lot on N line of
Vine etreet. 2U.4S E of Arch. N 113.86. E 68.255.
S 107.?2, W f.$.C2 to beginning, being portion of
lots 21 and 22, Berkeley View Homestead Asso
ciation. Berkeley: $10.
James Mahoney to Emma I. Mahoney. lot on
N line of College way, 120 E of Mllvia street.
l: 40 by N 123.31. being lot 24. block 6, Sea vie*-
Park. Berkeley: gift.
Sarah M. and Marlon Thrasher to Annie C.
Monroe, lot on S line of : laon street. 1S«:14
W of Chestnut, W 60 by S 135:6. block 10. Curtis
Tract, Berkeley; 114.
Frank A. and Mary L. Leach to James Sher
idan, lot 29. block 8. North Alameda Tract.
Brooklyn Township; $10.
H. B. Whiting to John O. Shumate, lots 20
and 21. block >'•. Melrose Station Tract, Brook
lyn Ton .lp; $10.
Henry & Jones to Stella B. Bndders. wife of
George W., lots 21 and 22. block 7. Allendale
Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Anton E. E. Albors to Rosa Albers, lot on E"
line of Pn>*p*ct street. 100 S of Chicago aver
S SO by E 115. being lots 14 and 15. block H, Re
vls*J Map Prospect Hill Tract. Brooklyn Town
shlpc'ijultclalm ■ ■ ■!>; $1.
A. Mecartnoy to J. M. Sheaff. lot on S line
of Railroad avenue, 160 XV of Eighth (or Pros
pect) street, W 160 by S 2C5, Alameda (quitclaim
deed); $10.
Henry Ifnuschtldt (commlM>loner of trust
rained by dee.i of John Can to Maggie A. Carr)
to Manuel F. Ramos, all Interest In lot on NW
line of I) ftnd Atherton streets. NW 39 25 SW
137:6. SE 32.25. NE 137.CS to beginning, being lot
IS, Carr Trnct. Town of Haywardi Eden
Tcnvnshlp; $300.
Same to Joe F. Ramos, nil Interest in lot on
NW corner of D and Atherton streets, thence
NW 3:<.2.', to a point for j.la<e of beginning
thence N\V 39.23. SW 137:6. SE 39.23 NE 137 6 to
beginning, being lot 14. Carr Tract. Town of
Haywards. Eden Township; J2SS.
Pacific I-anil Investment Company to Man
A. Munyan. lot 13. block ITS, Man of Town of
Newark filed May 6. IS7S. Washington Town
■hip; $135.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
J O'Netl, Bacto. Cal (Miss C Dlnkelsplel Cal
H Chase&wf. Portland D McDonald Eureka
Mies J Henderson. Prtldß Ernest Han., Cal
II Fredericks. Tacoma |\V Blaslngton Fresno
C Bright. 8 Jose. Cal A Wish .-.„. Vlialla Cal
J Gllde&wf. 3acto. Cal Meserve L An, Cal
H A Blenrel. N V .R Day. L An* Cai
W Jones&w. Sacto. CalH J Deyo L An* Cal
J X Chase. S Jose. Cal H Oarrvhn&w Fri-Mio
H X Smith. Oakland |\V Thurston L An*
J Jones. Oakland Cal Mrs Harklnson.Antloch
G W Moses&w ,ti A'Mrs Brlnckeroff. Dlxon
W H Gregory. Winters H V Covert, Modesto
Mrs L Olrvan. Oakland C Thomas, Woodland
W A Alexander, Term iW Carswell Cal
J S Copley, Nome J I, Jones. Holllster
C P Overwlns, Nome Mr Jerome&w.Saus'llto
d W Hewitt. Nome Capt Roberts, Sacto
J Oarsbery, Nashville V Brlgnoll, Sutler Clt i
M Creary. Nashville Mrs O Crow Stockton '
J O Wilson Nashville S Alexander. ArGrnde I
J Dennis. South Creek'j Devendorf S Jose
F Huron, Dei Molneji I A Stuart. Courtland
f Wltmer. Plaverv.Cal Miss Slnclalr.Frultvale,
6 RichmondAw L Ang J Hlbbard S Jose Cal
E Penser. Heaidsburg M Robertson, S°Joe.M
H Hunter, S Jose. Cal J Tennemore&f <=lJake
M Steadman&w.M'ntry T Eastman Stktn ;
J A Black. Cal Dr A W Warden V V
Mrs D Eisner. Cal Ie Spencer&w. Stockton
PALACE HOTEL.
B N Coffman, Va II Post. Mich
C -Downing. Cal I. A Hoen. St Louis
Jno Cross. Los Ang Mrs W Thompson Cal
Mr-<- Cadwallader. Cal v t Willis Cal
DrKWelßse Germany II L Campbell. Fresno
<; C Hunter. N V Mrs Campbell Fresno^
J C Richards. Duluth A n Cohen Mo
W J McKee. Chicago ;O E Wever Cal
a I Stlelll Jr. NY h a Rathbone. Denver
A L Bearce. NY HA Slfgel N V
J H Lowell. Boston W F Rogers. Boston
8 A Taylor. Everett F A Weil Stockton
X S Taylor. Everett Ml* Wei£ Stockton '
H w Campbell, Keswk L Rosenfeld nt^
A W Miller Jr. N I Harry Gr*en * Chicago
Mrs P Mel**. Cal i. fianiVh; N T 8 °
Miss Melgs, Cal ■ '• Brown' Honolulu '
A '■ TlMrn. R A w Ex Henry Block. NY
Mrs Tllden. R & W Ex Mrs Block NT
Mrf Wattn. R A W Ex a \V Orifflth London
Mlsi Bennett. RAW Ex A EpMtaln N T
KffiSS RAW Ex Win Hnumirarti.n V ▼
C Al-xandsr. RAW Ex II Funasaka. Japan
F E KeatlnK. Cal J A Burrows. Onto
P O earmark. Mo Mrs Burrows. Ohio
O F Bimonda, Mass W A Daniels' Chi<-.*«
II B Batch-ller. Boston Mn. Daniels i ChlcacS
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Llefleman. Los Ang C Carlson Valleio
S B Branch. Sulsun J M Lazengly Term
F B Darrow. Term A W Bowmail.Oakdale
J W Pearson. Sacto J Rose. San Jose
J A Ruuehl. Reno F A Johnson Buffalo
W M Ballenger. Sacto C II Lowe! , Hoopa" '
J J En..». <»Kden F T Pareto. Stockton
C A Nelson. Term J H Ayers Rio Vista
M RoeFcr. New York L Wartenber L Ant
C Henderson. Vallejo g> v AnR
Bub-Treasury to Close.
In accordance with Instructions re
ceived from "Washington Julius Jacobs,
Assistant Treasurer, announces that the
sub-treasury on Commercial street will be
cloned to-morrow on account of the fu
neral of the late Vice President of the
United States, Garret A. Hobart. ~ '""
"CAMEROON SOIL"
SCANDAL GROWS
High German Official Is
Implicated.
GAVE AWAY VALUABLE LAND
GRANTEES REALIZED ABOUT
$4,600,000.
Chief Court Chamberlain, Prince Ho
henlohe-Oehringfen, Forced by
the Emperor to
Resign.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
nERLIK. Nov. 23.— Investigation Bhows
that the facts In the Cameroon ncandal
made public by the Tageblatt November
I s . when that paper said an apparently
corrupt deal had taken place by which tae
chief of the Colonial Department gave
uwuy 10,000 square kilometres of. Cameroon
aoll. estimated to be worth about 40,
marks, to various high personages, far
exceeds the Tageblatt story. The pro
moters, It appears, first formed a company
and soon sold out to a new company
fornud at Brussels, and made up of Bel
gluns. Englishmen and several Americans,
for 18,500,000 francs. The concession. It
prtber ;ij. pears, really cost them noth
ing. IHe t:rn company was named In the
concession Sudekameron. Prime Hohen
lohe-Oerhingen was one of the original
concessioners. For this reason the Em
peror forced his resignation as chief court
chamberlain.
The facts in the most recent grant of a
concession are even worse. To a company
called the Nordw^st-Kanierun a territory
was . onceued larger than Uavaria. It lies
In the Hinterland of the Camerouns, Is ex
tremely fertile and Includes valuable for
worth a thousand times the obliga
tions the company assume* toward tne
c-n.plre. The entire financial obligation Is
only a 100,0)0 marks' contribution to the
:"'-!iad Luke expedition, while
there are other undertakings to spend
5.000.0U0 marks within ten years in im
• meats of the tracts, to cot.
: . steamer lines, plantations and fac
all redounding to the benefit of tin
company. The concession was granted for
fifty years, which is to be extended for
sixty years more If the company within
twelve years constructs a railroad
coastwise.
v the expiration of the Becond term the
Immense tract becomes the company's
property absolutely. The company also
agrees to pay the Government a small
share of Its profits. There is no provision
that the company or a majority of its
shareholder* must be Germans.
The correspondent of the Associated
Press learns from the Colonial Office in
explanation of the above that the present
chief, I>r. yon Buchka, adopted the Brit
ish policy nf retting big moneyed syndi
cates to t:.ke bold of the colonies on the
prospect of Inrge profits. It Is understood
that the whole aitalr will be thoroughiV
ventilated In the R« lohstag, and that Dr.
vnn Buchka's days as an official are
probably numben-<l.
Not Guilty of Assault.
NEW YoRK. Not. 23.— The Jury In the
case of Rosa Cahn against h«T :
Isaac If. Cahn. whom "he sued for |
on thfl !u»r>." of assault before Justice
I^eventrltt. to-day returned a verdict In
favor of the defendant.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued From Page Eight.
ARRIVED.
Thursday. November 23.
Haw rtmr San Mateo, Ross, 4 days IS hours
from Sfaaatmo. " ■
CLEARED.
Thursday, November 23.
Rr bark Invercould, Jackson, Queens town;
Epplnger S: Co.
S<-hr Province, Jones. Queenatown; G W Me- 1
Near.
BAILED.
Thursday. November 23.
Stmr Indiana, Morle. Manila and Honolulu.
Stmr Empire, Ncltfon. Coos Bay.
Stmr Whlte«boro. Olstfn. —
Htmr Alice Wanehanl. Jessen. COM Bay.
Btmr Empire, Nelson, Coos Bay.
Stmr Georse Loomls. Brldgett. Vantura,
.-in.:- Despatch. Johnson, Astoria.
Btmr Aloha, Jorgaaaen, — •.
Etmr Willamette, Hansra, Vancouver.
Stmr Westport, Peterson. .
Ftmr Mackinaw, Llttlefleld. Seattle.
Stmr Arcata. Reed, Coos Hay.
Br chip Yola, I'ennlculk, London.
Hark Annie Johnson, Nelson. Hllo.
Schr Lily, ISottcer, Umpqua.
Schr Vine. Small. Honolulu.
fchr Monterey, Knudsen, Eureka.
Schr Daisy Rowe, nun, Coos Bay.
Srhr Conflanza, Christiansen. .
Schr F. rtuna. Luberr, Eureka.
Schr Mary C. Mail.'-:. Fort Ross.
Schr Barbara Hernster, Anflndsen, .
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LODOS. Nov 23. 10 p m-W'eather
fogey; wind calm.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Per »tmr Albion, from Dutch Harbor Nov 23
I — Nov 22, at 7:30 a m. spoke K«-!ir Challenger, !
! £> miles west of Fort Bragg, and 54 days out
from Tacoma for Ban Francisco, short of pro
| visions. Got some from the stmr Albion; other- i
wl.-f alt vfii on board.
The arrival of the Hr bark Brussels at Fal- i
mouth on Oct .".» is an error. She has nut ar- j
I rived.
LONDON, Nnv 23— A Coronel dispatch states i
i Br ship l>untfune, from Barry for Junln. was
dismantled in Kale and supposed to ha\e foun- '
dered. Part of crew landed at Randy Point.
Searchers sent out and returned unsuccessful.
LONDON, Nov 21— Hr stmr Victoria, hence j
Oct 17. for Manila, spoken with shaft broken
Nov ■. lot IS N. lon 1> E. and refused assist- I
ance. proceeding: under sail. :
Southeast st<">rm signals are displayed along
•1- .i-t at Fort Brace, Mendoclno and Eu-
I reka. Information slcnal is displayed at Ban
1 Francisco and Point Reyes. Out-bound vessels
; are warned of high southeasterly winds along ,
, the coast north of San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
CASPAR— Nov Stmr CI«on«. hnc
Now 12.
BOW EN B LANDING— Nov »— Bchr
: Corinthian. hence Nov 9; schr Mary Etta, hence
Nov IS.
CRESCENT ClTY— Sailed Nov 23— Stmr Cres
cent City, for San Francisco.
MENDOCINO— SaiIed Nov 23— Stmr Point
Arena, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— SaiIed Nov 2»— Schr
! Robert Searles, for Port Plrie: schr Reporter,
I for San Pedro; Per bark Japan, for Guaya-
I quit.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Nor Stmr Noyo,
hence Nnv 20; stmr Sequoia, hence Nov 21.
SAN DlEOO— Sailed Nov 23— Br stmr Carlisle
City, for Hongkong.
HUENEME— Arrived Nov Stmr South
! Coast, from Eureka.
SEATTLE Not 23— Btmr Cottage
City, from Dyea.
EUREKA— Arrived Nov 23— Strar We*. ,tt.
hence Nov 23; «tmr Newsboy, from Usal; stmr
Fan Pedro, hence Nov 21.
ALBlON— Sailed Nov 23— Schr Newark, for i
San Francisco.
TACOMA— Sailed Nnv 23-Btmrs Proßreso and ,
Mattcawan, for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov 22— Ger stmr Ella,
from Colon; stmr Advance, from Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SYDNEY— PaIIed Nor 22— Br «hlp Inverness
shirts for Honolulu.
Arrived Not 22— Schr Prosper, from Port i
Gamble.
MANlLA— Arrive d Nov 22— Bark Coloma,
from Port Gamble; stmr Newport, hence Oct
16; Hr stmr Tartar, hence Oct 26.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed WOT 10— Schr Wm Bow
den, for Port To\vn«en<J. Nov 21— Br stmr En
ersrla. for Tacoma.
HONGKONG— SaiIed Nov 22— Br stmr Al«*>a,
for Fan Francleco; Br strnr Empress of [Mia,
for Vancouver. • •
TALTAL— PaIIed Nov 6— Br bark Cambrian
Warrior, for Oregon.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NAPLES— Arrived Nov 23— Stmr Kaiser Wll- !
helm 11. from New York, via Gibraltar, for
Genoa, and proceeded.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Nov 23— Stmr Amster- |
setrdam. from New York.
Sailed Nov 23— Stmr Rotterdam, for New '
York. •
NEW YORK— Sailed Nor «3— Stmr La Bro- j
tagne. for Havre. ;
I»NDON— Arrived Nov 23— Strar Me«aba.
from New York. . - .'.-• I
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON., Tues Wed . Thurs. an.l Sat. at »:4i
a. m.. J:l5. 5.30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. ntght). Fri-
days. 1 1> m. and S:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. S
p. m. Landlne and office. Mls«!on-street Dork.
Pier No. 2 Telephone Main MOS.
FARE Mo
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
*w Steamers leave adway
yg*K- wharf. San Francisco:
I _BKW For Ahixkan ;»jrt>. 10 a m..
t^^^ Nov ' :2. I7i °* c " 2. chan««- at
X *>lA?f» Seattle.
■eJT"! © i f* or Victoria. Vancouver
IKfeS^-'W*!* (B C). Port Townsend. Se-
(^^"■■MtlJM attle. Tari.ma. Everett. An.i-
cortes and New Whatcotn.
I Wash ». 10 a. m . Nov, 22.
27. Dec. 2 and every fifth j
day thereafter:, change at Seattle to this com-
pany' ateamera for Alaska nnd O. N. lly ;at \
Tacoma to N. P. R'jr.J at Vancouver to C. P.
' Hallway.
For Eureka (Hurnboldt Bar). 2 p. m . Nov 23.
80: l>c. 5. and even' fifth day therenfter.
For Santn Crux. M Mi San Simeon. Cayu- I
j coa. Port Harford (San I.vi« Obl»po). Gavlota.
I Banta Uarbara. Ventura. Hueneme. Pan Pedro.
East Fan Pedro •!.•-• Ana;ele^> and Newport. 5
a. m.. Nov. 24. 23; Dec. 2. and every fourth day
thereafter.
For San Dleco. atopplnir only at Port Har-
ford JEan Luis OblspoV Panta Darbara. Port
I Lo* Angeles an'! Redondo (Lns Angeles). 11
a m.. Nov. 2?. 2C. SO; Dec 4, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ennenada. Mnrdnlena Hay. San Jo«» del
; Cnbo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax. Snntn Rosa-
lia and Guayman (Mex.), 10 a m.. 7th of each
month. .
For further Information obtain company*
folder.
The company reserves the rl»ht to chance
without previous rntiee, steamers, sai'.lr.g dates
and hntirn o. Mtllnc. ■
TICKET OMIC!". 4 New Montgomery
■ street (Pnlace Hotel).
GOODAI.L. PERKINS A CO . Gen. Act* .
. li) Market «t.. San Franclaco.
m r. &n. Co.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 1" a. m.
CADC £12 First Class Including Berth
rAIIL $8 Second Clone and Meals.
COLUMBIA , ....Nov. O, tt
STATE OK CALIFORNIA Nor. 24
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
1 Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Arent.
£30 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
I»EW TOBK. SOUTHAMPTON. LOXDOIt. PAllll
Etopplnc at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tcrk Every Wednesday. 10 a. m
St. Paul Nov. * St. Louis Dec. IS
St. Louts Nov. 22 St. Paul Dec. 27
St. Paul .Dec. ( New T rk Jan. 3
RED STAR LINE.
New York en 1 Antwerp.
From New Tcrk Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Frle!>land Nov. H< Kensington Nor. 21
Southwark Nov. IS Noordland D«a •
Westernland ...Nov. 22iFrieslnnd Dec 11
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
! For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
M Montgomery St.. or any of Its acendes.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Rrannan streets. 1 d. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
; Kobe (Hi. ). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
< connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
I India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
! Of •-itllllK.
NIPPON MAKT' Saturday. Nor. 25
A.MKRICA-VARU Thursday. Dec 21
HONGKONG-MA RU Tuesday. Jan. It
Via Honolulu.
i Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
I freight and passage apply at company's office,
| 421 Market street, ccrner First.
! W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
/OVi-:!\^iJff3raPff»]fl P. E. Alameda salli
Iv'f^caSKsiMliSyit vla Honolulu and
SO .Will B& Auckland for Sydney
®WPBIMIP Wednesday, Nov. sal's
?B WslU. vla Honolulu and
.•__, ?= "" a^' Auckland for Sydney
B~ Wednesday. N
Oj^"^ I • > it « p. in.
,£tftflKn'O-J The 8- s - Australia
Js.-^/ GylwllUl.iU-' mil, Or Honolulu
tSSpT "ibU^ Wednesday. Dec. 11
• "• * at ip. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii
I Sa .oa. New Zealand. Australia, India, Sues.
; England, etc.; $610 first class.
i U U. »r-n£Cr.EL!> i, brtu&.CO..A3t».. 14 Monlaemeri
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. .-jichtr,rr- .32-/ MirVot St.
COMPAawiE QEKERALE TBA^SATLAKTIQin:
DIRUCT LINE TO HAVRC-PARIS. j,-^.
PalllnK every Thursday Instead of <"'f vl^\
Saturday, from November 2. I- I .'}, at ->*«**i>
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
i Morton »t. LA NOKMANPIE. Nov. 18; LA
GASCOGNE. Nov. 23; LA TOURAINE. Nov.
10; LA BRETAONB. Dec 7. First-class to
Havre. *0 and upward: ' per cent reduction on
I round trip. Second-class to Havre. %i'>. 5 per
; rent reduction m round trip GENERAL
I AGENCY FOrt UNITED STATES AND (ANA-
| DA. T> Uroadway .Hudson b-jHdlng). New York.
j J. F. FUOAZI ft CO.. Pacific Coast AgenU. i
, Mnntecrnery aye.. 9 nn Franctypr*.
las--
RAILEOAD TRAVEL.
i r^
CALIFORNIA LIMITED
Santa Fe Route. j
j The fastest train, running over the best rail*
road, with the highest class . accommodations.
! Connecting train leaves San Francisco at
I 1:00 p. m.
MONDAY. WEDNKSDAT. PRIDAY. BATUBDAY,
Arriving In Chicago at 1:11 p. m.
fHIDAY, 60.ND-T, TUESDAY. WIONK9DAY.
OVERLAND EXPRESS
I Every day In the year. Pullman Palace and '
1 Upholstered Tourist Cars leave Oakland Mols
for Denver. Kansas City. Chicago aud the East >
1:30 p. m.
VALLEY ROAD
Between Stockton. Fresno, Hanford. Visalla, I
Tulare and Bakersfleld. furnishes good local
train service.
Ban Francisoo office. C 23 Market St.. telephone i
•Main IHL .
Oakland office. Ill* Broadway.
Sacramento office. 201 J street.
San Jose office. 7 West Santa C!ara street.
NORTHERN PACIFIC
RAILWAY.
Tickets at the Lowest Rates to
SPOKANE, ROSSLAND.
BUTTE. HELENA. ST. PAUL.
CHICAGO NEW YORK.
nTHE ONLT LINE OPERATING A
through tourist car from S. F. to St. Paul.
This car Is nicely upholstered in leather and
has every convenience of a fir>rt-cla.'«s Pullman.
Call on or address
T. K. BTATELKH. Gen. Act., «38 Market St..
Pan Fran*lseo.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD. I
Via tasj— lltS> Perry.
Commencing October 1. .IK).
fROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALI_KT ;
AND SAN RAFAEL. I
WEEK DAYS-» 7:00. r>:M.' 11:00 a. m.: •!•«. !
•3:«», 6:15. I 00. «:80 p. m. . "^ ;
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill "alley and san Ra- !
(ael. on Mondays. V.'ednesd»-s and Saturday. !
at 8:00 and 11:50 p. m. """
SUNDAYS— *B:W. M 0:00, »H:80 a. m. : I'll. '
1:15. »«:45. <:10. 9:00 p. m. • •"» ,
Trains marked (•) run to San Quenttn ,
from san Rafael TO san Francisco
WEEK DATS— S:23. »5:33. 7:45. «5:40 a m
»i::30. 2:15, •:'*<■. "5:15 p. in. • " * t
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Ebturdays at •:«<> and 1O:1S p. m.
SUNDAYS-*:?). * < *:00. 'lO^. »11:4J a. m.«
•1:40. •1:15. 4:45, '4:30 p. m. '
Trains tnarkea-(*) start from Ban Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TP SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-5:43. 6:45.. 7.46. 1:43 i.^,
12:85, 2:35. 3 45. 5:20 p. m. - *• ». m.j
EXTRA Tiurs on Mondays. Wednesdaya and
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:10 p. m "
81NDAYS-B:**. 10:C5 a. m ' ; 12:06 !« im :
•rt)o. «:45 p. m '
THROUGH TRAINS.
1:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and waystattona.
1:40 p. m. Saturdays-Tomales and -ay statEnt
1:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomalea and way atattona.
. ffMffl Call, $1.09 per Year
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Fly Across
the Continent
ON THE
OVERLAND
LIMITED
LEAVES
SAN FRANCISCO Kfltf
ARRIVES
CHICAGO * ■ ;B *"*• a
...71 Hours
An El?e.int Solu Ves;ibukd Train of
Composite Car, \vi:.i Library, Smokini;
Parlor, Butlet, etc. Luxurious Double
Drawlng-roim Sleecin2 Car>, Dinin;
Car.
Also throne: Dra\ving-ro;m Car ani
Dner for Drnvrr vi.i Silt Lake CUy.
THE OWL LIMITED from Southern
California connsiti wllh the Ov-rland
Limited at Port Co>ta.
Prompt connsctions at Denver, Omaha
and Chicazo '.vith limited trains i or other
Eastern cii*«.
THE FASTEST OVERLAND service
in the history of transcontinental rail-
! roading.
For folders and mor? complete Infor-
mation call at Southern Pacific Passen-
ger Offi;?.
Mil Tiirn^i r*riHr-i'o.iPixr.
|r«i im: n-imj
Tmlai lr»»»«- Mini hi* iliik i<» nrrlf* ■•
MATt ii: •• M im «».
(Mai! line. Foot of Market Street)
IXAVK — fmm N -vwneru I. 1339 — *r.niT«
•7:W<*a I. II il. m:!" :n .:v. \ Mc:i". «n'-> . . '* •■"»?
•?:««». ilsr;sTii>. Orotfllo tla WoolUitd.
Klrfcm Vaeaxlllo av<l Konsy.... *7:«ar
•7:O*#a (OuiU Czprra»-I>iTts. Wi.lv**.
Re I ■2 I' r i. . . *7:4»r
•7i3Ua Muttnez.»aul'.~.ru..n. Vallejo. Nspa,
CaliatoitaatHlHsnu I:- -j *«il3r
•»iio» Th» OTei!- IJ Hc.l-4 vlen. Dm-
»er. Omaha, «.'hk»jj .. # 3il3f
MiStt Hi:. Jose. rilllSseii Httx-kenn.
lone, haerameutn. PlaopnUla,
M.rjsfl tUicii. ltf-1 JtltifT *lil-r
•lino* •Mi.-.mi Oakdale and -ouor» »iil»r
•»:<»«» Il&rwarU*. Nilisaud V.'.y hut;. m. *l lit 3*
i •!>:©<>» A'l». •; ■ Ctprew-Osden and !:.ut 'Url.T*
*9iOOa .Mir 1.7. Tnrj. t.j'.i.ti .<. bUKktoo.
Mrro>«l«D<l»ivano. *i?:l.ir
•U.ou, Port Cost*. Kic»i!o. *I(jJ^t« » ii..
amp ••• or
•IO:OOa V»ll. j.. Marttoexard Mtlou* *O:|-.r
•I li««,\ IK>«ir .1.1. Nllrs and Way Butlcut. -Ji4iw
•I»:OOm M •. Llreimore. Ktuckton. >>acra.
a. nt.). Mt:;ilnLi. llanferd. VUaIU,
r.f.ifii.o -11-Vr
♦ l:©Or B*ct»iiHuU>i:iTcrB'e.niri» t*i«»r
•3:<M»r Uaywardit. Nilrsati'l Way «t»rlrr«. •ssl3r
•4 •»•»»• Martinet. > ..I Baa n Vallvjo.
Nu|i. CulUtocn. hauU llnea ••••a*
•«iu«r OtDicia, VaettiUc, ■ «i. in,
\V....1Un,1. Knight* Ijtiidlnf.
MarfiTlll", Orutlllo •••:!•»
MiUor Nlles. Kan J<»« and .- <kton *7tl»r
•»i«*rTl>a Owl Limited- Tracy. I •,-•!.».
lUkenQcul, .' au^'ii for Ami* Hit-
bars. LiA < !-« •»!■«»»
•Sinor Htockton. Mcrcc<l. Fresno *l*il3»
•3:3i»r Ififiiiii. DakcnttcM. haitU lUilara,
l.<s Aofrlea, l>. i-.li:;, F.I l"i«o.
New Orla«os and T.r.at . *«i 4.1«
•3i3np In; • . I .i Ko.itc— Atlantla | i; i-m.
for M.iUfi and I :.-«<« 'l|43r
•OiOOr Ilajrwardi. MlrsandH^n Juan •?;«.>»
totiioi- fatlelM ...... , ...... M'-«iinr
•UilliirOrl'-iiUlMall-' .« ••t.'»4>T
ITiOOr Vallulo, 1". rl L'ualaaJMl Way ft*.
tlonj :»;ST»
•S«o3r Oregon and Call.' n.:» i:«i i. • i..'«c-
rmiicntii, 'Ijii.t. ii;>-. l!i •l.ilim,
1'.ut1a...». !'..» • M.,,,,,,1 »i..l I ..I ♦Hll.'U
(OAST DITIHIOI > .no., l. aa «ei.
(F<«tt.tMtrk.thtKtt.>
•ail.l* Ken-uk.<.'<:iitfrtlllr.Hau.l.ire.Kilt<.ii t
tlouir.erCreck.hautaL'ruxaiulWay
fiL-itli.im *3iA«»>
tailor «rn..t*. < "ci. f -ct»:i l.-, han .loco, 2\tw
Altiutlen. Ktlton. i: •■ • :••* Crvek.
■ (taut* t.'nu and 1 r:i.cl;»l >■■ «i
Hutloua MMat
• lil. nr Newark. H«u Jcic, > (^tos. •Vi«s>4
(11:1.11 llnntcrs* I'.tz-.T^i-n. -»i, JuiO « a
Way BUtl..:>» . p'ttt
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
ttta SIS »K»:;c:.'... -r ,! ef Xsrkd Street (S!l3! —
•7 16 ot> ll«w*.M. 11:03 'SOJ 13:39
m:: 18-93 •C::3.-.M.
Fr»m UU;5r -.'«i »' . i... :».» —T 00 pro 1000*
I»:C3 *I:C3 13:t3 ''I.ZZ 1 1 03 *3:3Sr.ii.
(OIST in \ ihiii . Brass! (.auce).
Q1»IM nn<l lotr.f i.»l hU)
'*•:!•« Ocean V lor. Ho>:Mi M«n KraacLiro.. t«IS«*P
•7iO«a Han Jing k.m! Way M.'i ,■■, iNm
ai.i^i-ii w.-ii,e..i.j« ( . l; !y) •iiaoy
•»'»». Nan Jive. Tn» I'lnua. NaM* t'riu.
. I'aclrlo Ur.ne. 1...-.. ):.;:-. .San
1. ..1, Obbm Hnrf. Lom^oc and
l'ii.ioli*l WajKt.tih.ua *lilOr
•IO:l->, •'.in .!.„- ,i 1 Way Mallraia *0i334
•••::«»• Han J.><o an.l Way ftatloii» ••. ... r
f*il*»i- S:v. .Matf«n Uni:.-. , .!, Mcnlo Tark,
l'alo Alto. K*nU Clara, Man .I<«e.
Trrs 1 Ir.ii s.u.t.i runt. Kallcft.
Mocttats] an<l I'.n-if v {.rove . •IO:1Ml4
♦^isar Man Ju«eaii.l Way HUUona *?i3np
filler San Jojc ami rrlncipal Way .StaMima # a:l3»
f3:0«»r SaaJo<iotnd l'r!nr:;a! Way fiutlor.t 19:*M»A
•V :•• San J.xo »>.•! rrioei|>al Way Btaliut>a •^.X'J*
•H::tOr Sail Jo«3an<l Wuy Hutluna |J»:«O*
: till -. San Jt«e and Way Statinna *?:30r
A (or Morntnc l'for Artrmoou.
1 I>ii!j. . ' Sunday n e«T«*'l ... only.
b .satcrday o__
CALIFOHNIA NORTHWESTERN BY. CO.
«.. LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon i-.-rry . Foot of Market St.
X I>A\ &-:.*}. »:CO. UOO a, m. . ÜB\
It 11 10 ' lAf* Th«r»daya-n»tra tria
and if^ m r . Baturdtt 3 r »— Extra trlj* at 1:^
DA ,^' : C »-30. 11: co a. »- ! ,:». «=«.
_ T RAFAEL TO SAN mANCIBCO.
VTREK I>AYS-4i:lO. 7:£ P. »:». lliUh iTiZu 12:0.
?«• 8:10 p. m Saturdaya-Extra trip* ai
15.' and S3, p. m.
BUNDATS-S:l9. 9 40. 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40. 1:40. iML
■ '.Zj x>. m '
Between San Francisco and Bchuatzea Pax*
aaine achadule ii above.
Leave Arrive
San rrar.ciaco. In Effect Han Francisco.
— October 15. _
Week Sun- H39. " Fun- Week
Dar»- days. IVntlnfttlon day». Days.
7:W am! 8:00 am Nova to. 10:40 am 8:49 am
t '.rm ST:Sn am PetalOJOM <'i 4 pm 10 23 ana
1:10 prn 5:00 iin Santa Root. I:Zi via t:23pm.
Fulton.
:» am Wlnda-.r. 19. a aa
Heal Isl
Lv
Oeyaervtile,
.-iIOp 8:00 am Cloverdalc. '«pn I:2} pra
T:3> am Hopland and
1:00 am Ualah. 7:35 pm «:« pi»
T JO am .^, ilo:Baai
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7.15 pm l
*■■» P»nj «:J2pra
7:30 am I'Oim Bonrma 10:41 am 140 am
and
1:10 pm l:*9pm| Glen El>-. ; « or. pm, CM pra
T:M am (:C0 am Set.- . 10:4) am 19-23 arm
1:80 pml 5:00 pm | 7:3j pmi 1:23 pra
' Stair»» connect at SantA Rn<» for Mark West
■prings ar.d White H-ilrhur F^rtncs; at Lytton
for Lytton Bprlnx»: at tieya<>rvnie for fikaa;*;a
Srrlnrs: at Clrverdale forth* Qevsers; at liap-
land for Duncan Spring. Highland dprtn*^ .
Kelaeyvllle. Ccrlnbad Fprln»;«. Soda Hay. Lnke-
port and l!«irtlett Spring: at L'kiah ior Vlohy
Eprlnca. Ham: ■ Fprtn>s. lilu<> Lakes. Laurel
r>-ll Lake. Witter Bj>rlnits. l.'pp^r Lak*. .' rti >.
Potter Valley. John Day'a. Hiv-r-' !••. Llerley's,
Bucknell't. Sanhedrln H»lgh«i HulM >rr'e
Hot Sprlnrs. Mend->i:lno Ctry. Fort '"age,
■Weatport. L'sal. Wlllltti. Laytonvllle. Cura»
going •. Pell'i Springs. Harris. Olaen's. Dyer.
flcrtla and Kureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re»
4uced rate>.
' On Sunday round trlD tlcketa to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offlr»s Market st . Chronicle bid*.
JL C. whiting. n. x. rtan.
General Manager C«n. Pus. Actct. _
MOUNT TAMAI.PAIs SCENIC PAILWAY.
Leave San Franclaco »la Bausalr ■ Kerry.
Week Daya— 9:3>» a. m. ani l:4i p. m.
Sundays— 8:00, U US a. m and 1:15 p. m
Stearo-beated. doaed car on all trains.
Fare— San Francisco to Summit and luturn.
tl 40.
Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
tSMZ^vitki" irvtliorthi'trmtmentof Prtvat*
a Dr. Gibbon* Dispensary,
<»_!•» »i ItK^ » »T KsUOllStli^J
r-.it at*
1 ■ •M ■ •• ■) s l ■ 1 1 il-it.ily r
Jji^i*-. flVTji rllseiweweaiicgon bixlyandmlfis^ ml
i^fi»3i.\r(3 -<!iln X.. .l-1. I 1 !i-:. *-:i.: ■■-.r-m- hen
«S-VH^^y»"iUfraf*ll fry him I'.'it.vetinw
?XillG?*~iXi ('urr4;imrnnlrrtl. Callorwrlt<v
Dr. J. *'. [ÜBO> Bum. los7.SaaFraQcba», >
1112
EDGAR, SON OF ADOLPH
SUTRO, NOW HAS TROUBLE
His Wife Sues for Support and
to Preserve His Estate.
Tales of Dissipation and Reckless Es
capades Set Forth in the Complaint.
"King" McManus Appears.
■
■
On March 1. 1596," :Lt- onmplalnt roads.
.-
■
i
■
with
'■"he defendant llr.aily Ix-san l>> run in
i"- '. t "for tnonov ppent on immoral wom< % n,
bill* for l!<3"jor. ctgnr?. hark ridos. Juts
cr>l pamMlnp drMn. resulting from nlKhtn
cf <l!c>Klpatiou, dissolution, adultery and
v; *.*•
■
• . Jhcr in the «-«rly mornlnp, drunk and
nrle*p. AftT four months' rnrtiifr^hip
Bith the ••Klne" he found himself out of
!.'.;«inc«.^ nnd $4W> in <!««ht. Sutro th.-n
(•vorc that the '"Kins" and nil of his ns
t'.^at*** wrf roßU<s. by.x. still he haunt«sl
tl » oli ea!"on at 16 Tlilnl Ftr^et. On«
r.- :ht Mrs. f utro rorrlvod a m«-fiKae<» that
Iv T Irjsl>ariil xvas dying: !n tlje BrntrKerr.
. c :e pot a hn^k and. nre^mpanlM by her
I : .-nh^r-ln-law. rharlfs Sutro, huriiod to
t! c plar<«. nnd h.r husband was carnM
out In dolirlum trrmons and rut In th«
V :cV. <~>n :li«* way homo ho tri*>d to Jump
out of tho hack window, and made things
ADVEBTISKaiEXTS.
ON BABY'S FACE
Mother Ashamed to Take Him Out.
Everything Failed to Cure.
CUTICURA Cured in 3 Days.
I bar* had ct baby nick with hi* face full of
riaynorm, »:id triod everythlug und '..\'.i i. I
w»* ukhunn^l to t»!:e him out, for every cae would
lookstMn. 1 v _..« i. ;•..■• tOri" i-uA. I sol
It on Wr. !:•»-.• \ , u-_.i \>y .-i tuiiiay Li* fuco waa
all dru-i .;.. Now 1 raaukehluifvcrywljcre. I
CiSBOt say rTit'Uf il :.■■ , i CCTICCUA. If people ]
onl y -i' ■ ibOßt how hi* fare 1 - V<-<1 a werk fc£O,
-:.d roe U to-day, they would Brvnrbe. wlthi-ct I.
The i>rop> la the houas) can veil you bow his
'aoc waa, tod bow U in to-day.
:.'i.v. .]. pi)TTER,
Oct. 8, 1595. Si 4 Ho. Tirst tiu, UrooWya, K. Y.
CRAZY WITH ITCHING
Eozena M Head. Got into the Eyei.
Doctor a. Institutes Could Not Cure.
Cured in 2 Months by CUTICURA.
I Lav« bwn troubled over two year« with
■CHBsa oo the tap of my Le.-uL It tint started to
Jtch, i iwnlhtm flnroo. My doctor said It was
•aaat ■ itud tr<-nt<-l ta« for itx mouths, with
failure, so ! tried more doctor*, but they did th«
SsSsC, 1 trli-d a *."•■ v York :t)»:iTutr, wblrh treau^d
taeforsii momti», but could not reach any further
than BsS i • «t . 1 had It wutw tbati from the start,
•>■ It aj-:. u.i ::r«-,l to gvt In vay <>.->. atid Mati ;ot
tn«" cr.»rjr with ilHiiiu;. 1 noticed your adrcr.
t!s«aentlntheN'. V. nV>WJ,and thonght I would
try Ct'TK n A roni«><l!r>«. In tiro months time I
did rot knwc tf.ut I had any trmJ>tt at all, and
lfcfiiaeaßcwoaatx.v?. ALFKED MEISITL,
Oct. 12, lisri. 025 XT. «^th St., X. Y. City.
Crncra* J.i: r < i - arr ».•■; .•:.-! i " ' nliT the u— t— l
•Via fsr»», blood i !.:■». and '..>::. r min<Hsi of mod-
erstlniM. T."trtn)«itU.w.;ii<*tTin-ii» Ho>r.restk ui-
ointtiif.. TUB CtTlci f.». •"« of rmoltirct tkla rurct,
etid mJd «1 *-«• of Criirrk* Rcnokverr, rreclmi of
junior ry cr». harr rr C thoa.*ii<li of crm where
.eufl«r;ng •■■» tlir.ca br-ond n4anm, Lair lib» or
mU coee. <Ji*Crnrt.-3«:t trrrlMt.
HnlJthnntr>'rrptth* WTld. Pott»:« D. >«»C.C<w,
rrV.j)»^ IV»tfn. •• llor» to Curt Crcry llaxzor,"Uea,
Land Scrip
And
Land Warrants
Of Mi Kinds
For the Location of
Government
And
State Lands
Both Surveyed
And Unisurvcycd.
F. A. HYDE,
aMfi W(«» ->osi^ rj> trt» t tesui ♦ 'foßvvw
howL At a later date Sutro brought the
••ivlns" home to dinner with him. Mrs.
Sutro dp^cribe-* the "King" as a domineer
ing, nurse and vulgar man, and Bays
that both lie and her husband were so
drunk that they couldn't sit at the- table,
butro went away with the "Kin*;/ 1 and
Hi., next time ahe heard of him was
through "a caJm iett«\ written from Port
land. Baying how beautiful it was there.
aixl It developed that Smro had got drunk
a:i<l ha.l w:uider<d aboard a boat and had
been carried away t-> Portland." Later
frutro got tangled up with one Minnie
tfpert, and they lived together as man and
wife at 2j?Vj Leavenworth street uvdor
the nanifs of Mr. and Mrs. Merrill. From
paying Mrs. Merrill'* dental and board
bills to keeping a race horse ami a |ac
butro wao always broke, and deprived
Mrs. Futro and her son of proper support.
In May q{ IS«S Mrs. Sutro nays h-?r hus
band sought to get her to go* to London
and live with her child, lie did not want
to go, ho Bald, becausa his father was ln
lirm and needed his care. Instead of car-
Ing for his father. Mrs. Sutro alleges that
her hut-lan.l Intended caring for Minnie
Hoeft. and notwithstanding that Mi Su
tro refused to go to London, her husband
continued to care for M'.nnle
Mrs. Sutro save that her husband Is
about to Ino umber his portion of the es
tate of the late Adolph Sutro for $10 000
which he will expend in dissipation and
debauchery. »nil she pray« tho court for
an order enjoining him from making any
transfer thereof. She also asks for suit
able alimony for the support of herself
nnd st>n until such time as she may ob
tain possession of her portion of the com
munity property and be independent of his
aid.
WILL INQUIRE
INTO CAMPAIGN
MANAGEMENT
Republicans Resolve
to Investigate.
THE COUNTY COMMITTEE TALK
INQTJIBY WILL EMBRACE THE
POODLE DOG EPISODE.
Export of the Purity Committee Shows
a Balance of $744 After the
Payment of All Out
standing Bills.
The Republican County Committee held
an animated session at Shiels Hall last
evening. In tho absence of Alfred Bou
vtar the. position of chairman was filled
by J. H. HMlmann.
Adrian Smith introduced ■ resolution to
the effect that a committee of eighteen
be appointed to Inquire into the manner
In which the recent campaign was con
ducted. It was provided in the resolution
that one member of tho committee should
l»e selected from each Assembly District
and that the members of • ■.•■ County Com
mittee of each district, together with the
j committef man at large from the district.
I should make the selection.
A. B. Tni
man anil A. Kuef. but the] -t. The
• as carried by a vote
An extort was made to rescind the reso
lution on the ground that no special topic
of Inquiry *:.* mentioned. In the discus
sion I. J. Truman Jr., George J. Boyne, a.
li. Truman, J. H. Humphreys, Adrian
Smith, A. Ruef and James a. Wilson par
ticipated.
In explaining the motive for introducing
tho resolution of inquiry, Mr. Smith
Mated that something went wrong during
the campaign and that some, faults of
management were committed.
It i- understood that a special effort will
be made to a-cerudn tho name of the per
son or piiTfons who made the arrange
ments for Horace Davis to meet Martin
Kelly at tho old Poodle Dog Restaurant,
but no open reference was made, to this
s-übject. The motion to rescind was voted
down.
The report of tho purity committee
was presented by Mr. Hymans. The re
port, which will bo liled as the law
directs, shows the amount of money con
tributed, the names of tho contributors,
together with an Itemized statement of
the disbursements. On motion the bal
ance of $744 remaining In the hands of i lie
purity committee was transmitted to the
County Committee.
OFFICIAL RECOUNT.
Returns Will All Be Canvassed This
Morning.
The Election Commissioners finished
counting ih« soml-offlcial returns In the
Forty- fourth District yesterday. The
count will bo concluded this morning at
noon.
Following are the changes recorded yes
terday:
Forty-second District— Fifteenth Pre
cinct: fcScott (R.). Tax Collector, lost 5;
Jennings i.L>.). Supervisor, gulned L First
Precinct: Scott (H.), Tax Collector, lost
5; Jcnulngn gained 1.
Forty-tliird District— First Precinct:
Tally bheet not signed. Third Precinct:
<jeary (D.), County Clerk, lost L Eighth
Precinct: Torello (R.). Supervisor, gamed
1; Connor (D.>, Supervisor, gained 2.
Ninth Precinct: Do-ilun i !.).», Tax Collec
tor, and Furnham (It.), Public Adminis
trator, each gained l. Tenth Precinct:
Urooka <D.), Treasurer, lost 1; Deane (It.)
County Clfrk, galntd .'.. Thirteenth Pre
cinct: Johnson (It.), for Supervisor, lost
0; Jennings (D.) t Supervisor, lost 1; Mo
gun (It.), Police Judge, gained 4. Tenth
Precinct: Deane (It.), County Clerk, lost
1; Shaw (R.) and Torollo (it) and Tru
man (R.), for Supervisor, each gained 5.
Forty-fourth District— First Precinct:
Hyington (IX), District Attorney, gained
I; Morris (It.). Supervisor, gained 6; Me-
Grath »D.), Supervisor, lost 5. Fourth
Precinct: Hotallng (D.), Supervisor,
gained 5: ' ' ■■-.-. <D.) and Reed (D.), for
Supervisors, lost 1 each. • Preonct 6:
Oummmg <D.). Auditor. Rained 5; Bylng
ton (D.), for District Attorney, lost 10.
HOME STUDY COURSE.
An eight-page supplement
containing all Home Study ar
ticles published from October
16 to November 15, both dates
inclusive, has Just been issued.
Copies can be obtained at The
Call Business Office.
THE SAX FRAIS'CISCO CALL, FRIDAT, NOVEMBER 24, 1899.
LANDLADY CAUSES ARREST
OF HER STAR LADY BOARDER
OM a time Miss Emma Anderson was the star
boarder at the establishment of Mrs. Lena Wolfe,
I' H . She waa a good dresser. Tho
wraa hypnotised br her manner, and
boarders capitulated In a bunch to her
array of charm- and figure. Now. Mrs. Wolfe
?a>6. Ml«s Anderson \r r bilk.
It was eereral months »go, according to the story told
jresterday to Police Judge lY^adweii by Mrs. Wolfe, that
Miss .' vcame a guest at her bonrdlnp boui
e^iin mysteriOttS rruinner the rumor gained ground In the
at that the fine looking young woman was a
v of a n sh family and was periodically
In receipt of money from the old folks .it i. me. Tlie
I m Anderson went up Immediately. Male
■-1 ordinarily to tuke on airs with new
rrivals. made respectful If dead sets at the
Bwedlsb beauty. Bh« was installed as the divinity at
.unch and dinner, with hosts of devotees to
.;> the baked meuts. Mrs. Wolfe insisted on her
takir.p the sunniest room In the house and giving her
first call on the piano In the front parlor.
Mis- Anderson, according to the landlady* state
ment, was not entirely ungrateful for this homage. What
frtgtdlty the may l aye Inherited from the w-a.thy
• •-. m«-lted In the warmth of her wel
come to th- . ::d she horaimi gradous
tself. Brery male boarder in the house was on her
WILL MARK THE
PASSING OF THE
OLD POSTOFFICE
Main Postal Business
to Migrate.
The mors-grown old postofflee on Wash
ington street will soon be deprived of the
greater part of its business. While it may
remain for a time. In name, the general
postofflee for the city, it will do no more
business than a station, which It will be In
fact. Tho registry department will go to
the ferry to Station D. The railway mail
service will setk the same location. After
much negotiation and the exercise of me
diplomacy on the part of Harbor Commis
sioner Kilburn, who has been talking with
the United States postal authorities and
others, an assignment of space near the
foot of Market, street has been reached
which Is satisfactory to the Federal Gov
ernment. Not much longer will Station D
be situated In the ferry building. A large
structure will be erected south of the fer
ry building for the postal station, with tho
following dimensions on the ground: East
street front, % feet; total length. 232 feet;
width In the rear, C 7 feet I Inches.
That this move has been contemplated
has been kept as secret as possible. In
fact, tho matter has not . been finally
closed, but an agreement has been practi
cally reached and the final disposition of
the proposition will be made to-day, when
Post.'il Inspector Munro and the Harbor
Commissioners will meet. The. plan for
the structure has been submitted to the
Postolllce Department at Washington and
has met with favor. Postmaster Mon
tnguo la pleased with It; so are the em
ployes of the postal service In this city.
The first consideration that arose was the
amount of rent to be paid for the Ftatinn
to the Harbor Commissioners, It was
agreed by the Commissioners that there
should be no Increase over the price paid
for the presnt space In and back of the
ferry depot. That was entirely satisfac
tory to the Federal Government. When
the site for the new building was dJß
cussed the postal people were not satis
fied to go south of the ferry depot. On
second thought they were pleased with the
location, because It Insured them plenty
of room, plenty of light and freedom from
annoying Interruptions, which have trou
bled them in the roar of the ferry depot.
Where teams have been constantly passing
between Station D and the dispatching de
partment on the wharf.
The new building will come within
twelve feet of the electric car tracks on
East street, and will extend back farther
east than the ferry building. It will be of
Irregular shape. Part of it will be two
stories high— tho front portion. The back
will be only one story nigh. The greater
part of the second story win be occupied
by the railway mail service. Practically
all other departments will bo on ihe
■round floor. Borne definite Idea of Its size
may be gathered from the Statement that
the ground floor will cover 15.394 square
feet, and the upper floor WOO foot. About
one-third only will be two Stories high.
This arrangement will leave the ferry
depot to the v.so of the railroad companies,
the ferry service and Wells-Fargo s Ex
press. As soon as the postal matter Is
finally fixed up the assignment of space
to the transportation lines will be made.
IMans have been submitted to the Santa
IV. but they are not made public pending
final decision. The express company will
probably remain In Its present location,
using tho dolphin, which has been jointly
occupied with the postal station. There
will be little delay In beginning the new
postal building. A structure Is on the site,
but It will be removed. One advantage
which the postal people will have, that
they have not heretofore enjoyed, will be
a driveway around all sides of the station.
Thin will facilitate the receipt and dis
patching of malls appreciably In point of
time. _
Pioneers' Reception.
The DoclStJ Of California Pioneers ten
dered a raOSption to Its members and thoir
families last nljrht at Pioneer Hall. In
the early evonlnr a light luncheon was
served, after which Mies Bertha Wadham,
Minn Nellie Bowman and Miss Lrfingley
entertained the guests with songs and
dunces. Dancing was then Indulged In,
Urn ballroom being well filled with merry
couples.
LOST.
LOST— pair of aolltalrc diamond screw e*r-
iin«a, a pin and five, finger rlna-s, contained
In a chamois box. liberal reword If re-
turned to CHE*SIJKnr» oMblar ot Chrontcla.
staff, and she so managed things that each Individual be
lieved himself to be next. For Mrs. Wolfe Miss Ander
son professed a tender attachment, leading tho landlady
to believe that whtn the next remittance came the two
would buy and run the Palace Hotel.
In other words, Miss Anderson had the landlady hyp
notized, atirt despite tho fact that the star boarder's bill
was rapidly mounting Skyward Mrr». Wolfe was fearful
of Introducing the silver question. The press of financial
uts. however, compelled her to broach a few
days SCO the matter of a partial payment of the bill, and
Anderson gave her landlady another story about
v from home am! the uncertainty of the malls.
Several days later Miss Anderson failed to show for
meals at the boarding house and Mrs. Wolfe began to
fear that something had happened to her. Not a doubt
a.» to the good Intentions of Miss Anderson entered the
landlady's mind until a big man went to the boarding
r the late star boarder's trunk. Mrs. Wolfe pro
tested against its nmoval. but she wai small, and when
he left all she had to remember Miss Anderson by was
an empty <h'Ur in the dining room.
That's why she swore out a warrant yesterday charg
ing : A rson with defrauding an Innkeeper. The
accused woman was arrested a! : . r.g house
and later on her own recognizance by Police
Judge TreadweiL
NOVEL LAW POINT.
Can a Boy of Eighteen Enlist Legally
Without His Parents' Consent?
A nice point of law came up yesterday
in the United States District <"ourt in th«
matter of the application of Mrs. Marian
.1 Norton for a writ of habeas corpus to
recover possession of her son, Eugene L.
Norton, who enlisted without her c
on tho United States steamer Pensaoota.
lulled States Attorney Ombs raised
the point that as the testimony showed
DETECTIVES WORK ON
CLEWS OF SUPPOSED MURDER
THE discovery of the body of an unknown man In a vacant lot on "Wal
ler stieet, between Stelner and Flllmore, furnished material for a good
<l't'< tlvo case and created a Btlr In police circles yesterday. It wai be
lieved that an unfortunate party had been murdered, but through the
efforts of Metectlve George McMahon, who was given charge of the case, the
mystery was «-xploded, and there remains now little doubt that the man's
death whs accidental.
The bo«ly was found early yesterday morning by Chris Claussen of 118
Steiner street, and was taken to the Morgue.
In the Jim ki-ts of the dead man were found a flmall purse containing a
rusty key and a printed business card of H. 1,. Qoggtatf drug store. 904 J
■tltel, Sacrumento, "represented by Ed T. Naghel." Around the neck was a
Roman Catholic Hcapular, and fastened to the inside of the vest was a medal
of the League of the Barred Heart, a Roman Catholic Boclety.
The position of the body ami the fact that there were no marks of violence
HCOapt a flight bruise on the scalp above the right ear, which It was thought
was due to a fall, led to the belief that death had been caused by apoplexy or
heart disease. The body was placed on a slab and marked "unidentified." At
4 o'clock an autopsy was made by Morgue Surgeon Zab.ila, and he found that
the ukull Just under the contusion near the right ear was fractured, and that
death was caused by the fracture.
The deceased was about 45 or 50 years old. five feet nine Inches tall and
weighing about 150 pounds. He was dressed In a dark cassimere sack suit,
with uheap working trousers and No. 7 congress gaiters. Hl* hair and mustache
were brown, nprinkled with gray, and there was about a week's growth of
beard on the face. The eyes were blue, the chin pointed and the nose flat, as
though It had been brok<n.
Detective McMahon ascertained that two boys, Edwin Young of 70 Waller
street and George White-head of 214 Steiner street, had found the man lying
on the sidewalk about 8 o'clock on Wednesday evening in an intoxicated can
dltlon, and sat him up against the side of a building. Several other people
claim to have seen an Intoxicated man wandering around their neighborhood
after the time the boys say they found their man. and others heard him
rroanlng. The witnesses were John James and wife and Mrs. F. C. Mart
of 417 Waller street and a grocer named Schroder who resides at 611 Hayes
street. None of the witnesses saw the Intoxicated man In company with any
one.
Near where the boys say they picked up the Intoxicated man a small clot
of blood was found. It Is now the theory of the police that the man while
drunk fell on the sidewalk, fracturing hiß skull, and then wandered to the
vacant lot. where he expired from bis Injuries as well as exposure. No one
has thus far identified the body.
that the youth wns more than 18 years
old his enlistment, according to ti
of <'ongress. was legal, and that his pa
rents were not entitled to the writ.
Bert Bchlesinger, attorney for Mrs. Nor
ton, argued that n.n the boy, "this mere
child, your Honor." was riot yet 21 years
old. ho was under the care and control of
his parents and he could not enlist legally
without their consent.
Judge <1«- Haven continued the further
hearing of the case until next Monday,
and Intimated that United States Attor
ney Coombs' point was good law.
Bale's. | HsJs's.
6tore open Saturday evenings until Christmas.
Dr. Kindheart t^jg^T W 9 toy time —
mends Jp^gr«^^<llg^'^> see our
dolls free <^ Mok - big display
a third off tailor suits
~~ ~~ - m m Iwe bought all a fashionable
good gloves at half | ladies' tailor had— bought
we purchased the whole line of ; thoo of o *%ri«l: *^ *-«.H 4^r *%
French kid and lambskin gloves in Inen at a pr.ee tO Sell for a
the Foster hook carried by a Jobbing third and morp ' Ip<;<s than
house representinß the manufactur- \ U" l U d ' lU n °^c IeSS man
ers. Foster. Paul & Co.; by taking the i they Were made to sell at.
entire lot sre are able to sell them at ;
one-half and less their rejnilnr retail fine fall styles, in Venetian cloth,
price; on center tables Monday and covert cloth, cheviots camels' hair
until sold; ladles' tan. brown and homespun and un.'lni'shed worsted,
black Foster hook ploves; sizes 5% to every suit in the \ery latest style.
7%, and in modes, sizes 6to .75c pair very best tailoring and faultless
misses' Foster hook gloves ln tan finish.
and brown; sizes 4% to 6U.---75c pair silk-lined suits, with double-breast-
. . ed and sinKle-brea^t^d ht-nttln»
a laCe ChanCe Jackets, double-breast.,l 6. 8 and 12
about a thousand yards Pt. de Ye- jT^K^u^t^n'.n^ ♦ .....
nice, colored and black chantllly. $65 00 IS "oS S «J 52' «J
cream silk guipure, .oriental and white ggs ™gJg £ « J g|M
Pt. de Paris and Normandie Valen- g£gg JJ J«{ gS-JJ
ciennes lace, in widths from to W "° : ° o ;Sl " s °« ™* I J::::::::::"r \t>
inches, at 100 yard  FU|t9 nn Ba , p al ; ;; ■ j-J-JJ
domestic economy ISoo SJ2 on sale S^i.'lH.fiS
flannelette, 2.'. inches wide, twill sur- $12.50 suits on sale at $ s.GO
face, nicely fleeced in blue, bright ' . . - _,
and dark red ground, black polka dot. tOyS DUQ UOliS
suitable for wrappers and children's „.„„„„ , « a » •
dresses l"U,c yard wasron load of em-fnnijßh to make
roller toweling all linen twilled. 17 a . th . c bo >' 8 and « lrls °* San Fran-
inches wide; 10c quality 7^c yard clt> S?,. h^ y ' Hrt „- .. „ ,
sheets hemmed, size 81x90 Inches. 2- ,do 11?., do11 ?. carts « ; oC £? *•>• doll bus-
inch hem. good quality muslin; ready £ lc ?- little ones, for : °,^: b!w»r and
for u5e....? : 50c each better and fancy ones. 45c to Jj.23.
bleached muslin, 41 inches wide. « vv n «t WPnnnPPC
equal to the beat; same weight and v VVI "M «•- ▼ v "«PpePS
count as wamsutta; some slight im- this store's share of a big purchase
perfections, such as colored streaks, of flannelette wrappers is on sale this
nothing to hurt the wearing qualj- morning and until the la.«t one la
ties; value 17c 14c yard yours; 450 of them— not enough to
100 pairs white cotton blankets; size hold out lons against keen buyers;
54x72 Inches, colored borders, good medium and dark colored flannelette
weight; nice for sheet and Ironing wrappers, easily worth a dollnr; full
blankets; 60c quality 50c each wide skirt; fitted waist linings. ...Csc
935-937-939-941-943-945-947 Market Street.
TWO STEAMERS
TO TAKE AWAY
THE FORTIETH
The Recruit Camps
Cleaned Out.
The transports Ohio and Indiana got
away from the Government wharf last
night. The Ohio has aboard six coinp.m
ies of the Fortieth Infantry and the
quarters and baud. The men are under
command of Colonel Goodwin. Lieutenant
James F. Me Klnley, a nephew of the
President, was also a pa*»enger on the
Ohio. Ue la connected with the Sixth
Cavalry, and will report to General Young
on hi* arrival at Manila as General
Young's aid.
The Indiana carried the remaining six
companies of the Fortieth and 10u recruits,
all under command of Major Craighlll.
General Funntun was a passenger on the
Indiana, and he also will r«-p'»rt for duty
on his arrival In the Philippine*.
There was no excitement at all attend
ing Uie departure of the troops. The
usual number of the curious were down
to see the men away, but outside of them
little Interest was taken In the departure
of the troopships.
This leaves only the Forty-second and
the Forty-ninth at the Presidio and the
Forty-eighth at the detention camp at
Angel Island. The Forty-second will get
away about the S7th inst., and the other
two will be away about December 12 if
nothing happens to delay the Forty
eighth. Latent reports from the camp,
however, show a total of eight emm of
smallpox developed in the regiment since
It went into quarantine, ana unless the
development ot other cases ie stopped the
regiment will have to hang on until
Christmas. It will have to remain until
two weeks alter the discovery of the last
Case of smallpox, and if they keep crop
ping up the men will have to stay over
there an Indefinite time.
The Presidio has been cleaned out of
recruits as well as regiments, for by the
Ohio are going all that were in the camps
and tit for service. There are but a few
left who are on the sick list, but there l.«
not an able-bodied recruit not on his way
to Manila.
News from the detention camp at the
Presidio shows five eases and one suspect.
At first there were three cases and three
suspects, but two of the suspects have
been taken down with the disease and
the case of the third suspect Is .still a
matter of doubt.
1 lie K.Tty-second Infantry Is short
eighteen men, and yesterday Lieutenant
Colonel Beacom, Who Is In command, re
ceived authority to accept recruits from
here. There are also Jive vacancies in the
band, and these, too, he will endeavor to
till before he leaves for the Philippines.
He will try to r«crult his regiment right
here in the city, and all applicants for
service will be examined at the wimp of
the command.
Acting Assistant Surgeon O. W. Woods
was assigned to thf> transport Indiana
just before she sailed. He has been as
nlgned to the Victoria, to sail from Seat
tle, but he did not receive his orders In
time to report.
First Lieutenant Prank E. Harris, Third
Artillery, has been relieved from duty as
quartermaster and commissary of the
camp of volunteers at the Presidio. Out-
Bide of the tearing down of the tents this
is about the last official act in the abo
lition, of the volunteers' camps, as they
have been known.
W. Frank Cloeckner sntled for Manila
lnnt Monday on the transport Huncm-k -i«
secretary of the Regimental Young Men's
Christian Association of the Forty-fourth
Infantry. He carries with him a complete
equipment for hi* work tent, table*
reading matter, stationery, etc. Jame*
Hunter has been selected aa the army
secretary to Ball on the transport Warren
next week.
Malt- Nutrine
cheers and Invigorates, makes life worth l!r-
Infr, enhances human enjoyment. Its superior
merit I* guaranteed, belnic made by the An
heuaer-Uusch Df«WlU| Ass'n.
CHARLES J. BEHLOWS WILL.
Decedent Bequeaths His Entire Es-
tate to His Wife and Children.
The will of the late Charles J. Behlow,
who died recently leaving an estate val
ued at 3492,000, was Hied for probate yes
terday. The testator bequeaths one-half
Of his estate to his widow. Bertha 1.-.»
low. and -he other half In ccual shares
to his children, Anna. Bertha. Charles.
Dudley, Edgar. Raymond. William W.
and Frederick H. Behlow. Mrs. Behlow
and Robert Behlow, a brother of the De
ceased, are named as executors to serve
without bonds.
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure. One dope will stop
a cough. MOT* falls. Try It, All druggists. •
Horseflesh in Sausages.
Chief Health Inspector Stewart and
Dr. I. W. O'Rourke of the Health Office
caused warrants to be Issued yesterday In
Judge Conlan's court for the arrest of
Georfo Dutchler. Louis Laubscher and
Charles Has* The rfcarjr* specified In,
the warrants In selling adulterated '00.l
with Intent to defraud, the more speci-
Be charge belnjr the using of hom«ftesh
in the manufacture of sausages. Dutch
ler conducts a sausage factory at Eight
eenth and fihotwell streets, where. the
inspectors claim, horse meat Is used as
the principal Ingredient In the manufac
ture of sausage. M tag's place of busi
ness li in the rear of Hornunfr'* butcner
shop, 514 " alencla street, and Laubscher
does business at HI Ninth atrcet. Tho
warrants were given to Officer Butter
worth to nerve.
Dutchler whrs© pi aP c O f business
Is at Eighteenth and Shotwell streets
has confined his distribution of th«
choice sausages to the country dis
tricts. His goods, nuch as they are. have
been ■hipped through "Wells-Forgo Ex
press Company to th« most fashlonablo
summer resorts during the season when
the upper crust gets th* fever for the
country air and sulphurized springs
Haag, whoso shop Is at 514 Valencia
street, was less fortunate In the dlspngl
tlon of his bolognas. He had to confine
his wares to the beer saloons and cheap
restaurants, while Dutehler's frankfur
ters were cut with silver-plated knlven
and fed to aristocrats. Yet both w .
made from horseflesh according to the
medical opinion of Dr. O'Rourke.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ip »mfi»mi»wil with an unnatural
weakness or miH»ring an<l •n>lan«»r».l
with a contracted ailment. h« should
consult America* mo«t (killed and moit
rucces^ful »p*clall!it!<— DR. HKYF.R3 A
Co r»ym*nt» may b« mad* monthly or
the total coat of a cur« deposited la a
bank, not to boairentonn. METERS A
Co. until a permanent cur* la effected.
DR. METERS Sc CO. bar* been curln«
and restoring men for more than •i*h-
een ye«r». While their remedle. lr«l r «
effect We. they never leave any Injurtoua
remits.
Free consultation, at office or by mail
PufTeren who live outside of San Fran-
cisco should write for private book, dtac-
nosts sheet, advice, »-rrr» and other
hVvTI 1 "" 1 ALL. LETTERS CON'FI-
I'KNTIA L
DR. METERS & CO.
731 MAHKET ST.. 9. W.
Take Elevator to Third Floor.
P*lly. i to S.
HOURS. Kvenlncs. 7 to I.
Sundays, I to 11.
Bohemian Glassware
Bargains.
It's Worth Your
Coming: Just to Sec.
Great American Importinj Tea Ci
Stores Everywhere,
zoo Stores.
~ —^BB
rnsio-MATzos
We offer the Finest Matxo ever baked tn Cali-
fornia at about (0 i*r cent less than ever sold
before. MAT7JO. «le PER POUND.
New Egg Matzo. new Matzo Flour. Maeron«s.
40 cts. per pound: for— mil Macrones. JO eta.
per pound. Orders Taken Until January Ist at
1240 POLSOM ST.; tel Mint I<MJ.
SAN FRANCISCO MAT.- COMPANT.
Factory and Main Of nee. 1130 Howard it.
>^ NOTHING SO COOL) 1 JB|
\V/ F"r h«rm!e«<ii aport for \^v\ W^P
our boys, our airls JH^ ..Trj
and ever>body of all „.., Am i - r '.Vlll r r.
the HARMLESS RUIiIIEIL k iATlb»3ll?«
TIPPED RIFLE and F'lrf- ■■^£Xi/z^l\y > A
TOL. Try your aim at SH VI 1) - > ClV>^K»l
Market st.. S. F. FREE. KM^C^lrkf^^i
ELASTIC TIP CO.. I'aten- Vs2£E»'- f '*»«fcs«
tees and Manufacturers.
COKE! COKE!
p. A. McDonald.
.Wholesale- Dealer and Shipper of Cok*>
P771C8 ua 70ZJB0M ST. •jky