SUNDAY
CALL
OOM PAUL
AND
GEN.JOUBERT
AS I KNEW
THEM
The R^me
UP* cP • ■ Two
Gi»ea4 MSI
Pen cf One
cr the
J<^s^^ FarprTy.
ir^EVKi'.Al- weeks ago i wrote aa
L^ article on luy countrymen, little
dreaming that it would attract
IJ more than passing Interest. But
from strange and uuexpei ted
places X receive letters asking for
In formation and oaring sympathy.
I have been revested t" writ" home
thlr.c about thf person'jilJtie* of General
Joubert and Corn Paul. Innumerable
character sketches of Oom Paul cave
been publish" d since the Transvaal nas
taken th«* crntcr of the political stage.
Of Genrr;il Joubert l<*«s has been written,
and llttlo of that gives an insight Into
tb* character of General Plet Joub«rt.
When 1 was .t little girl, lust abl- to
•tumble lhmuch KnjjHsh sentences. Oom
Plet gave mo a letter to read. a. le'.ter
written in a lame English hand. I havo
read th-t letter aguln and aga!n. and
though it Js o«w several years since I
hay« pern it. tho words are pigeon-holed
Is my memory
•"Gencr.il Joubert: In the midst of the
terrible rrlcf thnt hi overtaken me I
writ© to tliar.k you for your kind m- *-
tage of Rympathy and your generous net
ta returning my husband's sword.
"It was iio dishonor for my hushr»n<l to
)c— In bi.it!e to such a noble and bray«
Ban. In this terrible war I hope y ur
wife will not suffer tho same grief that
lam now enduring "
Just how the letter, close* I havo fcr
rotten. But It was written by Lady
Frances Colley. wldon- of General Blr
Oeorga Colley, open receiving her hus
band's sword and heiznet from General
loofesrt.
Often over "Kopple Kofflf" Oom Plet
would tell us of the war of 'SO and 'U,
:: i .-.:: r .is thrill with patriotism and
weep ov:r the d»*ad. I, for one. niied
more tears over the story of Sir George
Colley's death than over my Boer rela
tive*.
It Is impossible for m«» to paint the
scene 1n English. Imagine the old gen
eral, a man over 70 years of ajre, *vith
hi* children and grandchildren, nieces
and nephews clustering around h!m. let
ting their coffee ktow cold to listen spell
bound. Impatiently resenting the pipe
puffs with which be punctuated his m-a
temes.
Then the mixture of pride and pity with
which h«» to!d It. Wo could see the great
Ensrllfh genera.!. Sir George Colley. gasping
in Oom Piet's arms— around him the tv-ad
and dying soldiers. Sir Geotge handed
O*m i let hfs sword a: helmet, and Jost
*!>» for«* lie breathed his last said, "You
are tho bravest general and »oldl»r I
have ever met in any battle."
General Plet Joubert. as becomes the
"bravest pent'.emnn and soldier," sent the
■word and helmet to the, widow of th«
general, and she In turn thanked him, not
a Met of bitterness tinting her grati
tude.
I doa*t know whether Lady CoUej- la Ut-
Ing or dead, but I do know that that let
ter of hers is one of the most prized pos
sessions in the Joubert family. I know,
moreover, that none mourned more sin
cerely the death of her husband than
General Plet Joubert.
Oora-Piet's house In Pretoria Is rather
more modern and pretentious than the
President's. Like Oom Paul, ho was first
a rancher and then a mine owner, and a
very wealthy one. 11 ■• has most of tne
modern comforts In bis home and many
of the luxuries.
In our country money does not put bolts
or bars on rich men's doors. They swing
as wide welcome for pauper as for noble
man. Bo all classes are seen at General
Joubert's; rich and poor are greeted with
the Fame hospitality, none leaving with
out '•Repp!* Koffle," many carrying away
something more substantial.
I fear 1 have given the impression that
General Joubert is a talkative, demon
strative man. To the contrary, ho Is very
quiet, his speech seldom growing Impas
sioned, and then only on the subject of
war. Withal there is something so kindly
about him that you give him confidence
Irresistibly. The children In our family
worship "him.
We In Africa call Joubert our "Napo
leon,** and consider him as fine a strate
gist as the "Little Corporal. His general
■hip Is never questioned, the burghers wi
der him flrhtlrm >■ th.« soldier does who
has full faith In his commander.
General Joubert has always taken prcat
Interest in training the young Boer for
the life of the soldier. Ilia confidence In
their lighting qualities was shown by his
oft-quoted remark while drafting men for
the front In 'SI. He counted one Boer to
ten Englishmen, Baying. "There, I think
that ought to be enough."
Th« Boers are taught foreign tactics of
warfare. Since the years of '80 . and '81
they have been Instructed by the finest
masters of gunnery from Germany and
France. But there are not the distinc
tions In the Boer army that exist elise
where. True, there are officers and pri
vates, but that Is a military distinction,
not a social one. The private may be a
■on of his commanding officer. The atti
tude of private and officer Is more like
that In the American volunteer army than
In any regular army.
Oom Paul once said that If the English
built walls as high as those of Jericho
around- the Transvaal the Boers would
live for ten years. The last war taught
the Boers to train the second and third
generations In modern warfare and to
husband supplies.
Oom Paul and General Joubert are both
devoted churchmen and leaders in the
two dlTisttme of the Dutch church.
'•om Paul's wife. Tant Zlna. Is an Inva
lid and, like mosi iiuers, vry rei:.
Fl>r her sake Oom Paul had a church
built directly aorui-a the utrt-t-t from their
home, so that she can attend services
wltd little Inconvenience.
Oorn Paul and Oom Plet have traveled
some. General Joubeft more extensively
than the President. DurlnK President
Harrisons administration General and
Mrs. Joubert were entertained at the
White House and trareled as far West as
no. General Joubert always speaks
with gr*at pleasure of his American tour
and, like President Kruger, expresses ad
miration for the Americans.
Boor disrespect for the Hrltißh and their
■overelpn has b*^en quoted and exagger
ated. What of Hrltlsh aiirwpsot for the
Boer? The following scone I myself wit
nessed crossing the Church Square with
my mother. President Kruger came to
ward us. when an Englishman, newly ar
rived, hastily put himself between us.
1 of saluting the President as a
, man If ti • .Id. he de
turned and bowed, facing not
the President, but tho opposite buildings.
The Incident went the rounds and
aroused so much r< sentment that the man
was arrested and released only upon
promising to apologize for bis stupid
rudeness. O©tn Paul wai not more In
censed at It than his burghers.
Oom Paul enjoys repartee and always
has a Roland for your Oliver. It was at
the wedding of his Kraiuldaurhter that
he gave his now famous bon mot as to
tho color of the Britlah flag. On* of his
younger grandchildren put the question.
"What color Is the British flag?"
"I have only seen white ones!" made
answer Oozn Paul.
He afterward repeated this In public
and It Is now perhaps the must quoted of
his terse sayings.
I don't think I ever saw On m Paul as
Jovial and happy as at this v.eddlng of
Tina Elof, his eldest gronddaußhter. He
was very much pleased with the choice
of husband*— a gallant young Orange Free
State Boer.
Tina's trousseau was as elaborate as the
wealthy American girl's. Oom Paul hu
moring his favorite In her lov. of finery.
Another wedding gift from her grand
father was a house furnished Just us she
desired.
I recall particularly- the number of beau
tiful "lamas" which Tant Zina. Oom
Paul's wife, gave- her grandchild for a
wedding gift. The "lama" Is the scarf
which the Madagascar maiden* weave of
■Uk and wear Instead of our convention*!
waisla.
Anscdotss
pUbTrshed
One of th* "lamas" !n oar family la ef
purple and gold I«U made by Karon
na. a waiting maid of Queen Ranuvalnna
of Madasasoar. It la the custom of the
Madagascar girls to make their wedding
"lam .1 of a secret weave of their own de
'!sn. When poor Kuronna had but half
finished hers. ?he learneJ that hrr lover
was unfaithful and poisoned herself.
Quren Ranavalona ordered another of
her handmaidens to finish It. but the girl
tried In vain to discover the secret of
Karonna's weave and so had to finish It lm
another pattern.
Queen Hanavalona presented th'« "la
ma" to my fath»r Ju*t befora she was ex
iled. Tina Klof a«k»-.i him for It to add t»
her collection and he perforce gave It t»
ber.
I felt that the "lama" belonged •-» me.
While In Madagascar with my father I
had m»*t the unfortunate weaver and had
been deeply interested In hrr romance,
and Bhocke.l at her unhappy fate. It ha 4
a significance for me that m.ul" It more
valuable than It could po^ibly be to her.
Just before I Wt r>r America the sub
ject was broached. Tina E!of refused t»
■cc that I had any prior claim to the "la
ma." Oom Paul puffrcl nway et his plp«,
apparently paying no attention to us. Sud
denly h*» turned, took the scarf out of her
hand* and quietly; aald.' "This belongs •
Sannle."
I relate thl* little Incident to show that
Oom Paul Is Inten-^tfii In the merest trifle
If 11 question of Justice Is involved.
Even as I write this th» British flag may
be fluttering la tile Transvaal. But Is a
a white oner »A.NM£ KRUOS&,2
In The Workshops Behind the Scenes
rense- of mystery In the simple
TO most "behind the t-cer.es." Some
~e t>ehjrirt - ( Some
Imagino to t>e a va^ue sort of
t>lace peopled with beings who liva
dcitl llvfiii, the »>ne either xery wicked or
much-abu-eJ, and the other the artistic
*nd pretty-to-look-upon one of the foot
llßhts. To such the theatrical managers
jiTT'-'LT as abusive hobgoblins whose <!«-
tt 1» 10 torture and mistreat. That
tt- ebiut as far as such Imaginations go;
beautiful scenic effects. aT.d th" smooth
and unbroken succession of harmonious
arr«r.g«'n>erHs are taken for granted and
expected; with no thought of the vast
amount of labor, care, capital, trouble and
Ingenuity required in the p-oductlon of an
evecJnr** entertainment for tha Throi:g-s
■rho come r.lchtly to l>e amused from the
other side of the footlights.
While thousands r,f eyes are centered on
the state, which is the nucleus of tha
tvjsy people ami marlilnery behind the
scene*, the plot of the play unfolds itself
in a leinurely and «afv njw.ni*r; but it is
the r«"-Mii: of the barm^nlous working to
». »ther of many bus) < <>gs In a great m<?
cbanlsm.
Tn the upm world, as everywhere e!pe.
t>.e '"riristmap se:t««on c iu r »i< a prra! i-nn
xaotion and bustle. n\tra preparations
are TnaJw. extra pex»pl# engagod, extra
capital expended, extra lac^nulty employ
ed. Prwn the all-po»*erlttl av«l 'Hcsiifio-l
reanagement <lo»ii to the veriest "Fupcr.V
every ore Is bvipy nr.d hu«HlnK.
The <irti!id opera -hotisv has btrn no ex
ception to the rule.. Kor I^»eks part fhe»-»»
ha« \*' 11 • "Tiimotion: 'A nil be^an ulir:i
the nanarerr.etit ilecliied r»n the Christmas
play find r.alled t:p the ra-«t if chnrartcrF
»r. the irsMe of the ■ ■ » .-- .loor at the baok
of the stage.
F"arVi of th» r\Hm-ln«!it vu« riven hi* nr
Shrewdness of
the Tactful Boer
■
■
■
-
■
■
I
her part, and tlwi rehearsals began. High
up In the heavens, on a platform fringed
with a variety of cast-off and reserve
stage properties and old costumes, two
score or so of chorus girls were taken- In
hand by Mr. Charles H. Jones, master of
the Intricate stage work of the Grand
Opera-houae, and under his direction were
put to work to learn a new and rompll
cated march. In the second floor music
room. Professor Robertson, affectionately
dublwi '•Robbie." wlt'i the assistance Of
hl9 orchestra and William Wolf, director
general *ml a!! around "funny man," su
perintended •>« rehearsals of the princi
pal!* and stajted off on the practice of the
r.cw opera.
Th» «itnß*» pi per became a busy plac*;
thrre were ralculations and measure
ments to be made, md plans for "drops"
ar.d "fiats" to I* talked over; Mr. An
drprvs. the sia^e machinist, directed the
procer^lngs an<l adjusted everything ac
cording to the scenery "plots" and "sets"
which came all ready, from tho hands of
M:. Jiir.*-*. tho stage tn a nap or.
r.uwc. n t'rrtrs Madame. • rtldtta spe
cially eng.'sed artiste nf the ballet, took
possession <>f tho statjr :inu drilled her
pupils for the spectacular toe dance of
"'SiT:hjd t " ar:d the man with the hammer
v.:'.-- In evidence tack,ln; canvas • i cur
ta'rc frarres.
Orders were sent out to tradespeople,
the variety of which seemed to embrace
rverj lire <<f business c:» <■■;■■* th«* proverb
Li illy patronized ones of • butcher. bak«>r
and candlestick riiaUei-."
Yards ... of canvas, bolt* of ral
im. rolls nr.ii rolls of papt-r. ko^« a^nl pots
of ji.'tiiits. ar.<\ :i succession of otlier par.i
phenuillfl iv>ure.l \n from all sld<«.«. and
were pounced upon by the dlfforput fle
nuri incuts ;uxl rarrled away, to be mil
izxA and trnrisformt'tl into sotilncs and
Discovered a New
Bacteria in Rum
A n*w bacillas lias j • Is t torn discovered
Lby a noted Rot man scientist and hi» wife.
: It Is <\i!;»->d <*<.:<. ntl;ri\ ni^ili^tes. and was
j found by Professor ami Mm. Veiey In rum
jtxjxMted from l'ritish (Juiara. It nilnrd
I thp ru:n. and the mopt in;cr'«<!!lnF: feature
; of th«» dlecoyVry t!> that this 1p the first
; bacJllup four.d that ran llv«^ in I flu r>f
{ Tit p<-r < ••ut alcohol. It is also peculiar in
! fl<ji;ri.sliir.K bftfl In th" sunshiuc. which Is
<lc:th to most bacteria.
Darkness tlio prowth of th!? ip«
, clos. and >> p*t cent of al^olxol Is nee-led
;to kill it. Kvon drying does not kl'.l ii, so
: thin ii« one of the most dangerous of the
i bacilli.
It is supposed that it wns dv«» either to
, ihe u::t.-lt'Htilin«ss of the hottles into which
i tl:<" n.n: was jmt or to the caramel suß«ir
! Ui-fJ :u coloring thf rtim. The sp.-iilug of
th" rum is only one of th* efforts of this
j lit tie creature, for it <-au?^s s^vpre intes
■ ti::al troubles in those who happen to par
■ take of the liquid ir. vhlch it haa found a
' home. The anti- toxin for the Coieothrtx
i methyst«s is yet to be discovered, but th«
i ;.•■..: l- of :... har-illus is ihc ilrt>t step
| toward overcoming it.
scenery. Costumes and dry goods were
dumped in at a sfde door and carted away
to the costuming room, where a dozen or
■o of quick-handed women began the work
of repairing old costumes, altering new
ones, and assorting the "specials."
The stage machinist drew diagrams of
the different- curtains and drops, and put
his carpenters to, work to prepare the
canvas "flats" or foundations, for the
Inter.
Mr. King, at, the head of the scenery
. department, conferring with Mr. An
drews, drafted and sat up a tiny model
THE SUNDAY CALL.
of the stage as he wished it to appear In
the various phases of the production, and
superintended the preparations for its
thoneand-fold larger production. With his
own rapid and skillful brush he painted
and drew the outlines of the fifteen
"drops" that form the staging of the ex
travaganza. His workmen were assigned
the task of cutting out the outline* and
filling In what they had cut away with
the "gauze" that gives the hazy effect of
the spectacular.
The shipwreck scene, beneath the. water,
and Cupid's chariot drawn by sea horses
coming to the remrae of Si nb*d— tha pal
ace of Slnbad, the glittering valley of
diamonds, the beautiful panorama four,
hundred feet long, ending with the arri
val of the "White Squadron." and the
grand "transformation scene." or the
change of the seasons, terminating with
the Icebound ship In the polar winter and
the splendor of the "aurora borealis." all
worked gradually Into perfection from
different departments, and were hoisted
with steam appliances to their places In
the heavens, three stories above the
stAge, to be lowered, each In Its time and
p!ae«, to form a part of th« production.
The ecenery world of the stage Is aloft
among the timbers, and la presided over
by "Cap" Taylor, the manager of the
thousands of great ropes, pulleys and
wheels of the "fly gallery." Mr. Taylor
may be said to "know the ropes" most
thoroughly.
. Mr James Cannon, the Inventive penius
of the stage, and the master property
man. went about Inspecting his treat
thunder drum, the big wheel and Its silk
flap which is the source of the wintry
wind which whistles out from behind th«
scenes and causes one to turn up one's
coat collar— the apparatus which bo close
ly Imitates the breaking of the wave*
against the crag*. and the numberless
other apparatus for adding to the realistic
nature of the performance. From his
modeling room on a level with the gal
lery, to his little electrical room below
ground, Mr. Cannon was busy with his
rounds. His was the task of casting
plaster models of the stage properties to
be used in the various scenes, and to keep
everything going harmoniously.
The stage also has a Jupiter; Mr. Johns,
the electrician. lets loOM his harmless
thunderbolts. larked lightning, dazzling
or tender lights, as the occasion requires,
and attends to the general lighting of the
theater and stage from his post at the
bit; switchboard behind the scenes.
When all the heads of the departments
hnd reported the work Intrusted to them
complete, there was a conference and a
Joining of rogS. The scenery man pro
duced his scenic affects. explained the or
der of arrangements, and declared himself
ready: the property man displays hi.s
numerous casts, glided and ready for the
transaction of business. The lady who
presides over the costuming department
exhibited a nf and orderly file of per
Most Remarkable
Magnetic Island
Th* Danish Island of Borr.holm. In the
Baltic Sea. la M magnetic as to be a
danger to navigation. The Island, which
measures about twenty miles in length
by fourteen In breadth, and Is distant
about twenty-four miles east by south
from the nearest point of Sweden. Is
famous for Its geological peculiarities. It
consists almost entirely of magnetite.
Bornholm's magnetic Influence Is not
only known to the navlßators of those
waters, but is much feared by them on
account of Its Influence on the magnetic
iicedH, which mak^s the correct steering
of a fchip a matt of much difficulty.
Thin Influence. 1$ fHt at a distance of ten
miles, and so palpably that, on the island
being sighted, mariners on tho Haltlc at
once discontinue steering their course by
the needle, and turn Instead to the w^ll
known llKhth<tn» .« and other signs by
which to direct tholr craft.
There are several magnetic islands and
points along the Atlantic coa.U of South
America. &t ir the mojth of the Klo de
la Plata li .1 famous mnjrnetlo point— the
western sioV of the headland known an
♦he Punta Negra— and navigators of ves
sels bound for Buenos Ayr'« or Monte
video have to be very careful not to go
too near It.
SBP
mm
*>«*!y fitting and Irreproachable - — *-
turrit. the machinist let loose his thun
(iTt...lt«. a flash of lightning and a roar
of old ocean, demonstrated tha' all the
trolleys wer«» In working order and that
he should not b» found wanting. The ele<v
trlcal man threw all kinds of lights on all
kinds of things, and aald the switchboard
was all right.
The stage manager trotted oat bis pu
pils; the master of .arches put h.i class
through their Intricate figures*, the spe
cial artiste of the ballet produced a
startling array of uJry toe balancers. The
comedian cracked a Joke. Everything
wan ready for the grand rehearsal. It was
ordered for 10 o'clock In the morning, and
the people who Brers. expected to be on
hand arose with lean reluctance than
usual, for It was an unusual event.
Then came the pruning away and cor
recting of slight fault! .ir. 1 defects— mor«
rehearsals and perfection.
It had taken week.* of hard Mi fnr
every one concerned, but the result win
gratifying
So It Is not always a fairy world "be
hind the scenes." Ther* In much of work
and worry, and a great taxing of energy
and ingenuity. The charming; beings of
the stage are every-day working folk. Ilk*
the rest of humanity, though It Is m nec
essary to keep up the Illusion of their
fairy-like existence that the theatrical
mnajrer* deem It requisite that they
should not be allowed to be seen-of-the
public. Actors and actremes therefore
mu.-t make their exits and their entrances
only through the »tage door, and m M not
sit in the audience on thHr "nights off*
without permission from their employers.
It wonl'l spoil the whr.Je thing, says the
Htage manager, for It would destroy tne
pretty Illusion.
The Latest Is
Teeth of Paper
Paper teeth are ths latent thin* to den
tistry. For years some substance has been
nought for which could replace the coxn
position commonly employed for making
teeth, and a fortune awaited the man who
was lucky enough to hit upon th« right
material. Although paper baa tone dis
advantages. they are small compared to
Ita many qualification*, and r>«tp-r teeth
are likely to be used exclusively— at least
until a mor» perfect material la found.
Up to thhi time china has been used al
most entirely, but It presents so many
disadvantages that dentists always have
been on the lookout for some other sub
stance which could replace It. Not only
does china not resist th« action of .the
saliva and tun Mmk but china affect*
the nerves of the Jaws.
The paper teeth are made of p*pler
, maehe. which Is submitted to a tremen
dous pressure until It Is an hard as re
quired. Their peculiar composition ren
der? them cheap, and the price of a set of
t»»eth will fc< down considerably owing to
th» new Invention.
Th* color of the r'-r mnr*-» can %\%n
bo made to vary, whtrh Is an Important
point, as no two n*ti» nf teeth are Identical
In color, some t»efh having a strong yel
lowish cast, whll* 1 others are bluish whit*
In order, therefor*, to obtain the right
tint the coloring mm' ha.-* only to be In
troduced Into the mixture before the tooth
Is cast In ord»r to match the other teetij
•wactW —Pearuon's Weekly.WHY HERR MOST LIKES CALIFORNIA
A MEETING OF THE. COMRADES.
SARAH COMSTOCK
WE were looking for a red flag.
We were listening for the
flirirk* of a speaker and the
yclpirc of a mob. We were out
to :iri<l the king of anarchy,
:!<TT Mr:st.
•■There's a red flag across the street."
aid one.
'"Ar.fJ a m"b." add»d another.
"Going— going— " came the voice of the
ijk ak<-r b*hind the flag.
'"GueMi we'll have to hunt further." said
urn* *>ody.
When we found the place on Seventh
tn < i there was neither flag nor mob nor
!:<•• r. ')!:■'-• of ma«l:n«-!i. We went In at th«
!*-mur«^t uf family entrances south of
\3ark<-t.
A gaunt woman with a gaunt pitcher
tp<-n«<J the rio.ir and preceded us In. The
<ell above jangled brazenly and th<?
vnm.'in's miniature who had followed
4fipjv«d within the clam of the door to s«-e
vherr* the t'.-und was. Th«* door came like
i blow from the shoulder and there was
nurh wailing. Th<n ih«» woman struck
he baby because the dour had struck it.
rid ■ voice from within was heard to
;runt. "Dot is yoost «le s-ame as dc yous
.('■ of <!«• Government."
It was the vnii < that we were looking
or. John Most was behind it.
Four days then !>«■ had ln-en in San
'rar.cisco. but the red banner was not yet
raving nnr the ] pople phoutlng. lie came
o town silently, and during those <la:s he
:ad read nnd written and sat thtnu^li
h«» evenings in th«? littl<- room that be
ongs to the back door. There a few
'comrades" r.tme < ach night to meet hit:i.
.nd thrre wr> found him in the midst of
win, smoky, beery, sleepy, adoring com
•anloriKhip.
His little group Ftirrounded only one
able. The other was unoccupied, and
here the four of us hat to wail. \V,« were
x\ actor, an artist, a newspaper man j.nd
. newspaper woman. As t-uch w«» viewed
lerr Most from 'four standpoints.
"It ■ Root you come lure to see Herr
Jot-t," said the hoM. "He vill see uiiy
«ody vot come h<"-ie in <le ovcninß. bat hi
ay. 'I not go to d« m.' " Then the host
jiprnachfd the herr gently, timidly. a%
om«* approach th<» head of a trust, aivl
;^ve him our message. He rose dumpily,
eerily, and came to us.
He is not Uw man I had fancle«l. I h:iJ
ieea Jn flickering thought h great. fl< ry
Ttuton. and Ft rung and a matter
;if men. lni-tead. here w« re short neavl
ticrr. distorted face, bleary ryes; a mass
of drowsy, grumbling Krcaslncss. Hi*
grubby, expn^hlonl* ss hand welcomed U3
und dropped lootely to his knee
as he pat.
"You c;-n hmr my views whr^i I lecture
to-morrow night." he told us In German-
Kngli^h. Then, with more apology in
words than in manner, he added, "1 have
. cold— l cannot talk to-night."
He. who ;s .■aid to have talked once fjr
.he. love «jf Itee f^pecch in his own voice!
Kor the love of a cause that burned with
n him! Perhaps the battle has grown old
he*-e days. I thought.
Dut the r.<wspaper man was on th.
cene and little by little John Most <iid
nlk. Not eloquently, not passionately,
;ot with tho tire nnd the mastery that
nakes .Ilsciplrs. But he told his wrongs
;id h« told his rights, husky and surly
nd grumbling of voice, with eyes on the
loor. as a fick man finds fault with a
urj-*-> llrmress, or aa a child mutters in
. dark closet.
"Why did i take up the movement? Not
•raufre of what I paw. at first, but be
<tu*o of what I endured. I was aiways
Hi treated. In Austria, in Germany, In
Anv-riea. It has been tight, tight all my
life, and so the conditions of society must
be wrong. I was abused by my master,
by my stepmother, by my employer, r.nd
later— ah. I bad better not go Into the
woman question— hut i will Bay In brief
that I have had three wives, and It was
abuse all the time from them.
"Whatever I did In the spirit of free
dom society or the Government made me
suffer for. I have been thrown Into prison
—prison! think of it! many times. First.
when I was peddling. Again and ajraln
afterward the polite found me and threw
me Into jail. Two companions met with
me and we discussed the wrong-doings of
Ft ate. Then by a decree which the social
monster lias made, saying that three men
together, ppeaklng apainst established
law, ar«> punishable for f« lony— by that
outrageous clause I was convicted.
"Police, reporter*, jury conspired against
me. See what a jury is. During one (rial
there were seven for my conviction and
five wgalnst It. They could not come to
an agreement and It was growing late.
.it •! the Judge sent word that If they did
not cume to a decision by 11 o'clock they
would bo locked un for the night Bo the
five pave In and went home to comfort
able beds ;:nd I to prlron.
"By the law which provides that in of
fense repeated must receive no less pun
ishment 'he second time than the Jlrst I
was cent up again for a yeai and '-till
again. Hot wren timer. I made my living
.•is best I might-as a peddler, a hatter,
and so on.
"I thou^nt everything over— not in ex
citement, but In calm, and I said society
Is .ill an cvli.
"So I took up the movement. Yes. over
since a young man I have been active- In
It. That l« not so long M you think, for
I am younger than I look to be— l am
only i 3."
Hen Most lumber* under the semblr.r.c*
of no le«s than sixty-five whitened years.
Hut years .-ire not all thai make m. old.
"Then I began to preach this trine:
If a policeman hits you on the right cheek
hit him on th. left. 1 practiced what I
preached and I was made to suffer be
cause 1 did so.
'.The state Is and always was ■ mere
Instrument of suppression and the reign
ing class always has used and still uses
this Instrument to protect their privileges
and force the mass of the people to sub
mit. We socialists wage war against pri
vate property, against the state and
against the church.
"A law is a rule connected with a ma
chine to compel obedience Behind the
law stands the court, the sheriff, the po
lice, the hangman, and who wants them?
None i tell you none. Laws are to blame
for crime.
"People do not know what anarchy is.
They think of bombs and dagger*. It is
not a right idea. We are not blood
hounds. We think slowly, seriously and
make up our minds deliberately, but when
once made up they will stay made."
The words algm played to the gallery
the man was dull and spiritless. Machine
like, he ground out the climaxes that are
train. to listen for the. screaming ap
plauso that follows in their wake. Hut
the words fell lifeless In the sleepy air.
Across the- room the group he had left
droned Intermittently In the half oblivion
of many beers. A green parrot nagged,
head downward, above them. it, too, was
sodden with tobacco fumes.
"The government Is the arehy. antl-gov
rrnment Is anarchy. All political contests
watch have taken place during the whole
. . ■ ■■ ■ ~"" *■■ *~~ ~" - —
THE SUNDAY CALL.
HERR MOST THE ANARCHIST...
course "of history have been class contests.
The name was different in each case, but
the principle was always the same. An
archy against archy.
"Militarism, priestcraft and the like
mutual friends of governmentallsm are
superfluities In a free society. The man
of the future will throw off these. He will
know less drudgery ami he will enjoy in
creased refinement of the pleasures of
life."
Ho teaches refinement of pleasures,
notice.
He rambled back to his prison life once
more. "I have been always thrown Into
prison." he reiterated. "And what for?
What are Jails for? They are an inven
tion of the social monster. The Jailbird,
as made and found to-day, would appear
'to coming society as an attraction Jit for
the zoo.
"Education is largely at fault. What
freedom of thought Is the child of to-day
allowed? He is made a puppet, his mind
Is crushed. The schools are barracks for
little children, in than they are taught
rigmarole, they pledge to a flag in parrot
like Imitation, they move through mean
ingless exercises which are called the ex
pression of patriotism. This kind of
school life must be done away with."
The words began to flow more slowly.
Somebody in our group waked him with
the question:
"What. are the salient points of your
doctrine, summed up, you know?"
The old man fumbled, thlck-fingercd.
through a pamphlet that lay on the bare
table.
"Read here." he said, pointing, and I
read : '
"In anarchist society, government has
neither place nor purpose.
"The community as a political body is
also superfluous.
"All of man's wants are met by asso
ciations or groups.
"These are no longer centralized and
are only co-operative with one another as
is necessary for the end sought.
"Private property in land and capital
is no more.
"All means of production are under the
control of these various trade organiza
tions. -
" 'Honest dickering' and Its coadjutor,
money, as known to-day, have been re
moved.
"Art and science, like production, are
advanced through the adjustment of com
petent minds.
"Mans mind, thus ever expanding, dis
cards superstition; religion, old and new,
has forever passed away.
"Instead of legislation there Is the de
cision from one case to the next. None
are governed; all are members of numer
ous corporations, which one joins accord
ing to his own judgment, and none need
act against his Inclination.
"Remember, this is anarchy!"
The assembled three listened. When I
wound up with the exclamation point H«»rr
Most glanced up quickly for an Instant
to make sure that they were all listening.
For the second It occurred to me that he
might be watching for effects, after all.
Then the glance fell again and his stubby
nailed hands dropped limply on his knees
A forgotten cigar smoldered between his
fingers and went out.
"What do you think about women?" I
started In again.
"As I tell you. I had troubles. I do not
like to go Into the woman question."
He is evidently not In the habit of being
Interviewed by a woman and he chafed
slightly under the operation. He turned
suddenly to the newspaper man and
sawed him, as he spoke, with dirty hands
that fawned for sympathy. "Those
women m«d© my life a misery." he
whined. "They fought, fought, fought
me all the time."
"Hut It should not h* so." he resumed
In his tOM of Instruction. "Th*» woman
of th. future will have, a different life
from the woman of the present, and i»o
Bhe will be a different creature. Sh« will
r.o longer be ■ mere housewife, but sl.e
will enter nil Rcldt which ar» open to
man, and she will be Me companion In
art and science and labor. She will not
need to marry that she may bo supported.
There will'ln the happy future be no un
fortunate marriages."
He waited, perhaps for remarks, but
none were made.
"What about your work In California?
Will you be here long?" was asked.
"That 1 do not know. Others arrange
for me."
"What do you think of the California
people in relation to the movement?"
"There HI good material here. The peo
pie are wore ready for new Ideas than
In the Bast; th. are more radical. They
learn and think quickly."
"Have you already many followers
around her»
"Oh. many. many. They are In the
towns of California and up and down the
roast. There are Italians, French and
Germans as well as Americans who be
long to th- movement. I am going north
after a while to ■pea* In Portland and
Seattle, where many are Interested."
The questions were no longer forthcom
ing, and I murmur. the "Well" pre
liminary to departure. As I groped for a
Cloak hook at the throat It occurred to
me that ire had heard more destructive
than constructive theory.
"I see that the world hi entirely
wicked." I said. "Now what Is your plan
of reform?"
"We «hall form a trust against trusts,"
he replied.
11. detained mo once. "Remember to
say that I talk of what I know. I have
not come to a hasty conclusion. But I
have looked over my life, and I see that
society has wronged me. I know, for It
has been one long tight through my 53
years: light. 1 say. fight! With my
master, when 1 was a boy apprentice In
Austria; with my employer later, with
my stepmother, the police, and three
wives!"
He lifted Ml eyes and drove them Into
mine, and for the Instant I thought I
knew how one feels when he looks Into
the. face of a cat-beast about to spring.
I shifted my eyes, but his followed. Then
again the spark died, the glance fell, the
words drifted Into a haziness of rebellious
muttering!'. The bloated red face framed
with scrubby white growth dropped. A
smear)', shapeless hat almost hid it. The
picture was sordid.
He roused to bid us good night. Be
yond the family door with its Jangling
bell the four of us drew breath. It was *
good, clean breath laden with th» "ting
of a winter night and the sniff of Christ
ma* greens.
"Impressions?" queried the newspaper
man.
"One Hide of his face is out of draw
ing." said the artist.
"Dramatic clement not there." said the
actor. "They say that in his public
speeches he throws off his coat and cries
that he Is ready to lead a fight.
"And you?"
And I? I sighed In despair. Zola* hi
the pea that should describe.
34
Found in the Philippines.
A Stirring *Story of jGrmy <£ife.
3l3 l 3 r '9 a^i er -General Charles King.
(Concluded).
S~>{ HH Ftr<>v«» to welcome the Fhrink-
Vq. Ii '" ! - 11 '* scare-faced thing ihat
y) blindly and helplessly liatl drifted
k^_J in at the elder «lster> wake, The
i inirortmlions that followed, after
the Acscrtcan fashlonj wore n*
perfunctory «s well-bred women can
permit, The {rreetinjis were almost
t- ■ . iti :i . Fmttclos*. and. on the part
.-if X'.t.t. Guttering to th«» verse of a
:.'.!.:. ;::v3 nothing but Witchle'a plucky
i,i. : persistent iTupport and ifce lislit flow
of airy chat and laughter carried her
.!i the ordeal. The two soldiers
• • .: umy baclu red-faced and black
b:..w. .1: :5.u father, pallid and col.l, could
hard!) force himself to unbend, vet his
n •jrnbled th<» name '"Mrs. Frost." ns
!.. i >\. l at the presentation; Ml^a
■ Blood erect nnd trembTlns; Miss
Lawrence, v.ith brave eyes but heisht
ri 1 color.
■ ■ leave at once was Impossible; to r«~
:•. in vv,, - ni'TO than * inbAiTi'-^inor.t.
M ■. i gallantly did they batUe. Mrs.
Manidcn ;in<l Mrs. Frank, to lift the wet
M.isikn (rota the group and relieve tha
ntf; ;» i' 1 iv:«rtl cane to crown their ef
t : in : i range, unlooked-for fashion.
14 :.«. Rhcela and Oashinc lights v.er«
mrnin at ihe entrance cate, even as Mrs.
i :...iK. tparkllnff with a:;imatlcn, dla
tlng Uen cay ;:ood humor over the
tJl.nt .- !::iiircic. • suddenly exclaimed:
•■<" . if lv only known you were here. I
«oi:M have i.ioviiied the one thir.g to
Miiv reunion complete: If we were
:. : coins on at daybreak 1 should do it
Thtn hoofs ana wheels and lights
had con:e to a ftcj> at the front of the
i . awl. in measured nwtlal tread; a
man* toouiep* were heard upon the
!.-. : v. Tht-n, all on a Fudoon. with a cry
< : y. Wijrhif burst in itKaln: "Should
• 1 :!..JI do it: Said 1 not I wa.* th»
:aiiy queen? Hehold rae summon my s>ub
••-■•- from the* or.tl* of the obedient
r*i:hV And. wavirc her pnrasol as fha
; a aaud, gayly pirouettlns n? ?h»
hat r.lgiu in the t^nt at old Camp
Mrrritt, :--l;r «l:;r.ccd forward; "Sound ya
i!.. trumpctx, tlaves! Ilail to the chief!
.-. • the cj>miuermi[ hero comes! Enter,
i;r ■ cj Briffadler General Stanley Arm-
Bin bk— lliough his arm Is anything but
■ asV
U wing pravely to the bprite In front of
li . \af...;y ;o the j;rou;i In thu shaded
at li.c &Ikq of th»» lanai. ami Joy«
< ;:.-!>■ !n tha little hostess, as almost hys
•.. rlcally >)ie Binana forward and clasped
hl« hands, the colonel of the IMmeval
X)ud«a ?t-"4l re\ealed before th^m.
■• ol'jrielv Arm^tronp: How. when d!d
j ►< t }.' r>\^ What doea this mean? Is
your nrn iuilx,- well c^ain? Why didn't
you 1<: us knowvyru wer<» corning?" wero
the QUfstiAiu ratwd upon him hy-J!r«.
»d«»n. imn:f-<l!ate!y followed by th«i
ooniewliat UioKical iTtau'mi-nt thai the
v. . actually breathleu with surprise.
"Shall ! answer in their order??' said
h<\ t-rrih!:.^ down at her rtufihed and Joy
ous face. "By the SrdRT.-fck. This afte'r
r>" n. That I visJiciJ to .«< ■« you. Dolns
guile w< •:'.. Uecauso 1 UUn't know ruvself
. :n < <!a.yii before we ?ar.f-d." Then.
:i- he ; tood v^rlns beyond her Bhe woul*
h:(\^ tun ••'! him :<. h-.*r cither pu^sts hat
not Mrs Harrison mad<» Instant and lm
puh !\. rush upon him.
• As fairy quern or fairy godmother I
r'.vn r.i.-t spoech." sliu gayly cr!M.
"'What tidinfrs of my li'-po i.-»rd. and.
:•• is her*, my fairy sister'??" she
•I. manded. waring; in front of him h<T
I K.paJ • : il and pirouetting with almost
glrli*h rrace.
"Captain Garrison w.xn lookirp falrlv
v... in.- day 1 sailed." he an*w<rcd
•:. :!>•; "and Colonel rropt loft for. U>jzk
knnffomy a few hrurp before lajiap»>jj..a3
tee understood; of finding Mrs. ifrast at
A-'kohamr.. ivrmit mo." h* ado>d: with
pravo Ci>i;rtesy. "1 have but little time,
a.* 1 trar-ffer to the Doric to-niphu? -
A Bhade spread over the radiant fac<»
one instant, but v.-a.s n.s quickly swe-pt
?■'••. , And J hava nn^ ««t your euesst&V
li<« rtnl«:ed, turclnff to Mrs.- Marsden. is
Sang Before the King of Siam
■
■
\ . .. : .
Copyright by f. Jennyson Ifeely.
tie wu
■
•■
•■" h«
beau-
I
■
■
*•. It!
1
:i
to Nltm,
■
» not r th« royal I
-
: ■ g
I .
'-.:•:.' ■■ . ■ • once
... fm
■
ways of dolns commonplace things, it
would be- Impossible to do their peculiari
ties justic- in an Infinity of Interviews.
'•At Bangkok we were taken urn • the
hospitable wine of the Hutch Consul,
whose cordiality of manner was as prj
nounred as the rotunaity of his person.
We wore invited to dinner at his beautiful
Oriental home— Oriental, with just a tou'.^h
of tlif W't-stern world to make one fee! the.
reality of it. His- charming little wife mi
mediately made us at home, and we soon
felt ourselves ilrm friends. Sh< was very
much pleased with my sing ■ and before
our vlsfi ended JnfTßired~my~~i>k-nsjir»: w;rh
regard to attending the~approachlng festl
tlval and repetition to be given in honor
of the King's birthday at the royal pal
ace. The result of my eager response
was this royal Invitation; delivered by
the King's special messenger.
"I'nder the Lining direction of my
ncw-foun<l friend I possessed myself
of the ne< essarjj knowledge of Si
amese etiquette for the royal pre-
Bentatlon and awaited the event
ful evening— and it came.
"With alt the pomp and cere
mony that the Ingenuity of tho*fe
poor-inventive brown pagans
could conceive of. wo were
driven through the three pon
derous gates— there are three
great walls around the palace
—and escorted up the murblo
steps to the entrance. On
entering the main corridor
we beheld two long, ludi
crous lines of prostrate
brown bt,dk-s, the
slaves of th» King.
They looked bo
comically
THE SUNDAY. CALL.
ten's hands, and with so significant a
message that it bad to be opened and read
without delay. fJayly excusing herself,
and with a low reverence and comprehen
sive smile to the assembled party, sho
ushered her Bister into the long parlor and
the curtain fell behind them. There fol
lowed a few minutes of brisk conference
upon the lanal. the Marsdens pleading
against, the father and daughter for. Im
mediate return to the hotel, there to claim
the vacated rooms aboard the steamer. In
the eager discussion pro and con both
young soldiers joined, both saylr.g "go"
and promising to follow by the Sedgwlck.
In tnl* family council, despite the vivid
Interest Armstrong felt In the result,
neither Amy Lawrence r.or himself took
any part. Side by side at the snowy rail
ing over the breaking sea they stood al
most silent listeners. Suddenly there
Oftme from tbe front again the sound of
hoofs nnd wheels, loud and distinct at the
start, then rapidly dying away with the
increasing distance. Miss Lawrence
turned and looked inquiringly Into the
eyes ■he well knew were nxi<! upon her.
Mrs. Marsdev hesitated one moment, then
stepped across the lanaJ, peered 1] to the
parlor and entered. It was a minute be
fore -.he return* d. and in that minute the
d»-cfsi\e votf was cast, the carriage or
dered.
!< hxivo known how it
• ;:' i lefi you a moment!" she
her reap] ■ i
■ r ir, her hand. "Rut at
t you half i !-our We
\. dock and w -
> ure the > ■ . ■ ; must on
• continued, low
l
B : iCa - ■-.:: . Ul
is really ton in
and too w< it to <"th. out here, but >!:«
.t the drive might >lo h»r good. She
I
humble that It was a temptation, as Irre
sistible as It would have been dangerous,
to stop over their heads.
'"Soft-footed, bashful attendants re
moved my outer ■:.>-. curiously touch
ing the folds of my dress, and shyly ••■»
tiiK mo askance from their sort, Childish.
almond eyes. I wore i white satin even
ing dress with a long train. This seemed
the chief wonderment of the little brown
ladies— no doubt there m some odd pro
cess of feminine comparison going on In
their little brown heads of the volumin
ous character of my raiment as against
the brevity of their own pretty tunics
and pajamas.
"Without much difficulty i accomplish
ed my profound salaam at the foot of bis
Majesty's throm , and when I had suffi
ciently recovered from the natural feeling
of awe attending the presentation I ren
tured a glance at the KinK of Slam, who
was simply a very good looking young
man— very dark, it is true. I was sur
prised to see that h<- wore a uniform
similar to that of i French army of
ficer, and had It not been for the
grandeur of th*- surroundings it
would have been riitllcult to
have realized that one stood
In the presence of royalty.
"Then we passed on and
became, an atom in the
assemblage, but we
were very busy atoms
Indeed — busy with
our eyes and ears.
The walls of the
vast halls were re
thought beet to slip quietly away with
her, and bids me say good-night to you
all."
So, when next day the Doric sailed, four
new names appeared upon the passenger
list, and the last men down the stage
already "trembling on the rise," were two
young fellows in white uniforms, who
turned as they sprang to th*> dock and
waved their Jaunty caps. "Join you In
ten days at Frisco!" shouted the shorter
of the two. pazinjr upward and backward
at the quartet on the promenade deck.
"Oh! beg a thousand pardons," he axided
hastily, as he bumi<<-d against s. me
■lender uhj^t. and, wheeling about to
pick up a flimsy white fan. he found him
splf face to face with Witchie Garrison"
kerchief waving, beaming, smiling, throw
ing klssei innumerable to the party he had
so lately left. The hot blood rushed to
hie forehead, an angry light to his eyes.
as she nodded blithely, forbearing!}-, for
pivingly at him. "Dear boy." she cried.
In her clear, penetrating treble, "how
could you be expected to see any one after
leaving— her?" But Oov.'i arm was linked
In his at the very Instant and led him
glowering away, leaving her close to the
edge of the crowded dock, smiling nweet
ness. blessing and bliss upon a silent and
unresponsive group, and waving kerchief
and K;s- to them until, far from shore,
the Doric beaded out to pea.
• ••«•••••
They were, nenrlng home again. Day
and night for nearly a week the good
ship had borne them steadily onward
ov<r a sea. of deepest blue, calm and un
rullled as the light that shone In Amy's
■ ■■- Hours of each twenty-four Arm-
Ftrr-ng had been the constant companion.
11 :_: nf '.ho trio, _ thiirt of the tWJ — for
Mr. Prime bad found a kindred spirit in
a veteran merchant homeward bound
from China— then of one alone; for Miss
splendent with Oriental hangings, and
wore beautifully frescoed In Oriental
patterns— the lotus, which is the Sia
mese favorite flower, being the main de
sign. The I"'"-- is the royal and the «;:i
ered flower it Is offered upon the altars
and Is the bridal decoration. 1 was told
that the women of Slam even trim "their
hair In imitation of its petals.
"The harem? We saw bits of it, very
much frightened, and bashfully gliding
away Into Oriental nooks, peeping out
from behind the hangings like timid chil
dren. My friend, who had been through
the palace ground*, told me many Inter
esting and pathetic incidents about the
life of these poor creatures, whose amuse
ments are within the limit of those great
walls, and confined to picking flowers, ar
ranging bouquets, weaving garlands for
the children, feeding the birds In the royal
aviary, or playing with the royal gold
fish. She Ban them once bathing in the
lakes, looking for all the world like a
flock of brown water fowl.
"The ballroom m!p:ht have b(x>n sum
moned from Arabian-night land with
Aladdin's lamp. Thousands of twink
ling lights, and the guests brilliant
with splendid Jewels. Luxuriant
tropical plants surrounded the beau
tiful polished surface at the ball
room floor, and a queer brown or-. -
chestra made music behind a group ,
of palms— and such music. Not a
bit like the hideous Chines*.. -
strains, but soft and harmonious.
I had a peep at the music mak
ers, little brown men executing
Prim* bid found another ' InterMt. 'and
favor In the eye. of a young tourist pay
lnw his first visit to our shores, and su It
happened that before the voyage, .ill too
brief, was half over. Amy V* wr \« : ~k for
given place to keener, chillier air. J™
the ahead told of the close £«*'«"*£
the Farollones. Heavier wrap? had "■■
placed the soft fabrics of the HawallM
taunterlnirit. But warmth and gladness,
coupled with a strange . new Bhync«»ln
his presence, were glowing In her fresh
vnuns heart. One day she had said to
him: "You have not told me how you
came to leave there— Just now. and It
was a moment before he answered.
"That was the surgeons doing. Tnj"T
sent me back from the front because the
wound did not properly to« i, l c t nen or
dered a sea voyage until it did. nut, I
turn back at once from San Francisco.
She was silent a few seconds. This was
unlooked for and unwelcome hews. 1
thought." she said, "at least .Governor
heard Dr. Frank say It would be four
months before you could use .that arm.
She plucked at the fringe of the heavy
shawl he had wrapped about her as she
reclined In the low steamer chair; but the
white lids veiled her ryes. .
"Possibly." answered Armstrong; 'but
you see I do not have to use it much at
any time. I'm all right otherwise and
there will soon be need of me.'
; "More campaigning?" bhc anxiously in
quired, her eyes one moment uplifting.
"Probably. Those fellows have no Idea
of quitting."
Another Interval of alienee. The long,
lazy, rolling swell of the Pacific had
changed during the day to an abrupt and
tumultuous upheaval that tossed the Doric
like a cork and made locomotion a prob
lem. The rising wind and nea sent the
spray whirling from her bows, and Mild
red's young man, casting about for .1 dry
corner. had deposited his fair charge on
a bench along the forward deckhouse and
was scouting up and down for steamer
chairs. Armstrong had drawn his close
to that In which Miss Lawrence reclined,
her knitted steamer cap pulled ell for
ward over her brow. Ills feet were
braced ugalnst a stanchion. His eye*
were Intent upon her sweet face. He had
no thought for other men, even tho;-e In
similar plli-hf Ilia irnsi-. though unh:im
pered by the high peak of his forage can,
comprehended nothing beyond the round
ed outline of that soft tliecK. Her eyes.
upon variations of the flute, banjo, cor
net, violin and cymbals— and one of them
was playing a curious Instrument with
his nostrils Instead of his lips.
••Th. dances? Our own waltz and
other modern dances. Interspersed with
graceful Oriental dances, and my hand
was claimed by the youngest ttrothcr of
the King for the Oral waltz.
"After a magnificent
banquet, indescriba
ble In the splen-
lor of Its ap
pointments,
I was in
formed
that
well nigh hidden by her snroudlnp "Tarn
■aw the searching »on of Albion and tM
her his need. Th© best of women wi.
tlnd excuse for Interruption at such ti.
merits when sure of the devotion of th
man who sits with a fateful qu.-itio
quivering on his lips: and. even, when ■]
longs to hear thoso very words, will iv,
means to defer tii-m as a kitten ■:..:
wi th a captured mouse or a child iav<
to the very laat the rweetest morsel
her birthday cake. Not ten minutes h.
fore, when th* Honorable Bertie Shar
had started Impulsively toward th#»
cant chair by Armstrong's Bide, a fin
hand detained him. ard Miss Prim* b i
hastily interposed. "Not on any accour.*
Bald sho. Imperiously.. 'Taa't -you se, •
and Mr. Shafto. adjusting his moan. ;
had gazed long and fixedly, and th-:
transferring hb« gaze to her. had *a!»l:
"Eh— eh— yes. If? not our*. I "»upp«!
you mean." . "■- ' '•*
But now Amy Lawrence was Mckonlr:
and he made a mall for the rail, the
worked his way aft. hand over ha:-.
Every movable thing on deck was tak •
a sudden slant to starboard, and the
went hissing by almost on a l*vel wtl
the deck a.-* nvxt she spoke. "Snrrly a bo!
c'ier needs both arms In hattle. an<l yo •;
Oh. certainly. Mr. Shafter. take th .
chair." she added. Armstronir glanced U)
suddenly.
Anvthinjr. thought he. rather than tha
they should come here. The young Urtr
stcppoil .asily past between Uxem an<l •
rail— behind thcr»> wan no room— i-
Fwinging the long, awkwardly mod-:
fabric to hid bruaii shoulder, started ba
lust ns a huge wave heaved suddenly \.
der the counter. h«Tl«l the »team»-r '.
o\ »*r to port, threw him off hi* haun.
and. his foot catching at the bottom
her chair, hurled him. load and an
*tra!gnt at Amy's retiring form. On* !:
etant. and even h*?r upllft-'l hands cou'
not have saved hrr fare; but In that li
stant Armstrong had darted In. caagh
thr stumblln? Urltmi on »»nr arm. anil;
full force of the shooting chair crash!: .
upon the other, already pierced by Fill
pino lead.
When, a moment later she emerged, s.ir.
•nd unscratched from the confused hj-i;
of m«-n and furniture it wuf to cut off In
Btantly the stutter and stammer or pool
Shafto's apo|o^lr«. to bfd him go Instantly
for the Ship's doctor, and. with face ih<
color of death, to turn quickly to Arrii
strong. The Mow ha<l bnrst op«"n tti* half
healed wound, and the l>lo<«I was str»-um
ing to the d»ck.
• ' .•■;.• •". • • * * # . . .
Both liner and transport turned hac>
■without StanU-y Armstrong. r»or!r «n
F«c!gwlck sull'd unheeded, for th# high
M t surgical authority of the Departnv r."
of California had r» mandid him to quar
ters at the P&lacc an<! forbidden Mi» W
turn to duty with an unhealert wound
II- was Mttlnsr up again, somewhat palll
and not too strong, tut with every prom
l«e raid the "medico." of complete re
covery within two months. FMt not r
month would Armstrong wait The Puenl.
was to start within th" work, and he h.».
marie up his mind. "Go." said he, "
muM." . , ..
They had born sitting about him. th»
night this opinion wa* announced. In th
parlor of th»- suite of wran th« Priin
had taken. i:UIy Cray had gono with h!
father to the«club. Khafto hurt been hani:
Irq about In the agonic* of an English
man's ilrst love. Oov. disappeared a nv>
ment and came hack with ticket!* for th.
Columbia, bidding Mildred g.'t her hft
and gloves at once, and whl.-;p<irlng t<
Ehafto that he had a seat for him. A
the little mantel clock struck eight Am
Lawrence, lifting up eer eyes from Ibi
book she was trying hard to he'.lnve PI)
meant to roart. f:xw that Armstronsr wa
rising from his iasy chnlr. and. snrlnjrir
to his ?!de. laying tier whit? har.u on hi
arm. she fait^rrd. i# Oh. pleas*! You kn->
tbe stipulation was that you were not '.•
stir."
But then her heart becan to flutter un
controllably. The blood wnt sursrlns t<
her brows, for all of a sudden, m» throu^i
impulse •Irresistible, her band was ■clt
in hi.+— ln both of his. In fact— and t!;
deep voice that had pUadr-tl at her b"ht-
for the cause of Hilly fJray w.u« now. 1
impetuous How of words that fell upoi
her ears like gome strain of ' thrlllln
miißlc. pier ding nt last h!s own. I! 1 ,
since that day in the radiant sunshine o
the x»ark ?he had learned to look up t'
him af a tow*-r of etrencth. n man •■
mark amone his fallows, a man to l>* hor
ortd and obeyed. Ever slnre that nitrii
at the Palace, when she saw hip slowir:
eyes fixed intently upon her. and kr.tt
that he wnn following h"r *»vrrj' m»v
she. had br-Run to realize th» depth of hi
Interest In her. Ever since that da"
when the Chlnn. slipped from h*r moor
lnK». with AVltchlr Harrison slnglirr hlr
out for lavish farewell favors. sh« ha
wondered why It so annoyed and stun:
hf r. Ever since the day *h« read th*» 1!
of killed md wounded in the first fler«'
battling with the "Insurrectos" «h«» kn» -r
It was the ffsrht of his n«m». not nill'
Oray'f. thnf made her for the mom- 1 :.
fnlnt and dlziy. and taught her the nee
of preatcr nelf-control.
Kver plnc« that moonlit nlffht upon th
Marsdcn'j" lanal. when her neart leape
at the suddon sotind of his voice, iho nfl
r.Jtllzod what his coming meant to h»i
and ever since that brecry »lay irpon th
br<>ad Pucltio. wl;h th#» r.i!!or's song 0
I^and. ho! ringing from the bows, an
ho. her wounded soldier, had ipnni t
shield her from the crash of Bh.ifto
hapless stumble, and th* deck was stair*
with the precious blood from that soldier"
reopened wound, ahed for her— for he
who so revered him— she had longed r
hear him say the words that alone coul
unlock the gates of maidenly reaerre an
let her tell him— tell him with glad an
grateful heart that the love he bore he
was answered by her own. Hovering or
him only on* minute, her Up* half parte.
her eyes still veiled, her heart throbbln
loud and fast, with rtidden movement Hh
threw herself upon her knees at the aid
of the low chair, and her burning fac*
ever so llrhtly. was burled in the dark
blue aleeve above that blessed wound.
THP3 FND.
the King wished to hear ra« «lnf Whe
I had finished h!s Mnje.sty expressed h!ro
self much pleased, and did me the roya
compliment of asking mo to sing one
more.
"Up remarked upon the rif*hn«jw« an
depth of the English volc<» as compare
to that of KaAtern vocalists. "I* la ■"
■aid his Mnjosty. "It com* from th
chest, so,' tapping his chest with tl:
hand In whoso hollow Is the fat'
of all Hi.im. Then he ex
pressed v v. . ii that wi
might mrpt asaln. an
thr\t he mlKht hay.
th«> plPasur*> of h»>ar
Ins my voice at an
oth<r tlmr.
"The.-»o w*r«« IT
last words wit;
thf Kin?. W
left Ranck^"
soon aff
with It
Orlrnf
splendor el
form .i
color, an
Us f ■::■ :
Uttl
brow
p- I
MAR*
B.
HAMA Man Seventy-five in Years and Chirty in Genius
Genevieve Green
To ,^(a tr»o soon or to live toe. lnng—
B !-.'■ '.i i* tho moi> trntrl<* fa*e for .in
artist? Ti> i»« rut «.rf In the flown
of ycuth with pn-niiM'S unfulfilled,
v. it!i possibilities undeveloped, cr "•>
siv» • s( > r the d;«y that his hand has lost
It* c mnirir: t-« »*• tnurtit by »he world
thn: hi-- n.n«T 5s en*! Of the two I
think the Utter Is ihe mor« pathetic.
My Mr»o<J ri:iis cold before t!;<» \vor-l>s that
e.r<\ :<■: i"' s'fS'VJ". w» cotninonplac^^ "He is
tor. .Id »o acc«3ipUsh v.-hat h» has no
cf.m;>!i;-h'«:!" Poor !t<»-a Uonheur! S*i<j
llv^d ju«; ions enough to t.«*ar tl»» critlr"*
yay that «-li«- had livod too lonjf. Her la<t
Falnr. picture was conspicuously tne work
of <>M ajf**.
Ti> !>«• scv'r.iy-Jivn in years aivl thirty
tn cr.i-* 1? a rare but delightful Jncon-
Kruity cf which tho i>ainter-srulptor. .T.
X* Gerorae. presents n rhininK esampl*.
}U% lat«it work. th<» statuo of the l»uc
<s"Aun.a>. Is universally reclaimed hts
masterpiece. With hla hnir white a!i<l
hi« sfcoulderi stooped under the weight
of ?•.'.> many years, the hand of (Jerome ii
nevertheles* as rtrm ar.-l as your.X as
who ho achieved his first success In
JMT. Ti.e. t-pk-ndid horw all but q»iiverit:j;
witr: iifo. tho dUmlfled cavalier, his hat
In his hand saluting th<* army nt France,
n-d the astonishing detail* if the roat
aal the Baddle are all thi work of a
r, siui at the belffht of hi* power.
rwoplo who follow the Paris Pnl-ns
from year t<> year havo learned to thin!:
o" Gerome In Foulpture as a ranker of
f :atu«f.«'s-as essentially a detaiUst. When
It was announced that he had been chosen
to ma;:e the Ftatue of th«» Due d'Auma'n
pome dSsri^asure was cxjire-s»»d. "It will
, „ only an enlarged statuette." cried
many of there who knew Mm tv«t Hut
herein they were nil mistaken. He t»
avowedly a lover of the pctltO and tho
exquisite in *<*u!pture. yet his status of
the l>;;c d'Aumale proves that he com
prehendJ equally well th« great and the
n \ a ;!"nlus'. of courpe. has the right to be
eccentric, and Gerome avails himself of
th;s blessed prlvllese. He is not at all
orthodox !n h!s consideration of the an
tique In art. H« detests Cprot and can
rrc no talent whatever in the work of
Delorrolx. Oourbet or Manet. Passinc
one day through the louvre he paw a
pupil copying the dtarly-bclovcd victory
The Famous Pianist a Man of Fads
«# £evotee
to
Mineralogy.
Cigars.
philosophy
and
the piano.
VLADIMIR DE PACHMANN Is a
roan of fads. They ore philoso
phy, mineralogy and cigars. In
cidentally It may be as well to
rr marl: that h<* Is a pianist. Don't
tarklo him on philosophy unless you
know thoroughly what you are about.
Toisul Is his favorite, but he can talk
you deaf, dumb nr.d blind on Plato. Py
thagora*. I'pieurus. ltuy-shroek. Rlbot.
Bpinoza and Kant. S^me peoplo will tell
>.>u thai philosophy U.n'i worth a bean
when It comes up against the real thing.
like love, for Instance 1 . but not ko, says
Mr. Of Parhmann. It has brought him
to the ciost comfortable state of heart
■ till the most remarkable that man ever
reached. His wife, who wan the dearest
ever la his cycr. decided that the liked
M. Labor! of Dreyfus fame bettor, bo the
husband :a!d in the tone of a martyr.
"Anything to ruit you. dearest,*' and
handed her over. It w.is as If fho had
rm rrly r-iofcraed a preference for rnter-
Ulninc at lunch injtcad of dinner, a
minor matter.
F'» Eh<* is comfortably settled with her
lov« d Labor!, and her lovinc Do Pach
majin Bays that he is Rind Fhe is happy.
He is their very do.ir friend, and he re
mark!". ••Labor! is such a good father to
my children."
Now iFn't that a sweetly spiritual state
of affairs for you? Talk about philosophy
not being able to fix things!
Mineralogy attacked him last summer
whrn he was living alone in the Catskills.
Then are minerals in the Catskilla. and
the gentleman found that l.c needed play
of Samathrace. The student, on peeing
the master, saluted him most cordially,
expecting soon words <•>*■ commendation
and encouragement. But Gerome sur
prised him. "You arc wasting a lot of
pood .... paid to him. coolly. "What
do you think you are Raining In copying
that thing without a head TV Thero are
those who refuse to believe that he docs
j. m s^oiTie? the French paTnter-scuTptoryand h?s Latest woh< ?
the Aiagn^cent status of the ParpoUs ouc d^UnnaTe.
not Rdmlre the victory of €amaihrace.
and declare that he spoke thus to his pu
pil jokingly. Peeking to extract BOOM
worthy reply. However that may be, It
Is an absolute fact that he concedes no
merit of any description to Corot. An
nrtl^t. who was present at tho time,
vouches for the truth of the following in
cident: On« evening a party of painters
and sculptors were discussing th« quali
ties of various masters when some one
hpoite admiringly of Corot. Gerom© at
once became excited. "Are you serious
VLADIMIR Dt PACHMANN
<o*y*'CHT ay aimi oo»>»nt
THE SUNDAY CALL.
In declaring that Corot knew how to
draw a tree?" he exclaimed, glaring at
man from under his shaggy brows.
"Certainly I am acriou*," tie replied
calmly. I Tint only admire his trees, J
but his figure drawing pleases me Infl
nttety."
"Then you are no artist." exclaimed
Gerome hotly.
It happened, however, that every one
present admired Corot, so that Qerome
was quite alone In tho controversy, but
was none the les3 stubborn. A v. rv
&c Pachmann
Considers
M. £abori
His
Very £est
friend.
Why?
mates now that the little De Parhmanns
had departed. So he hobnobbed with the
minerals.
"They, too. are lonely." he !«a!d. "Crime.
little mineral, and we will be lonely to
gether. Misery loves company and we
shall be happily miserable together.' 1
He pulled out two cigars and Inadvert
ently offered one to his new acquaintance.
When It did not accept he threw th<- cigar
away Into the underbrush, for his i ode
of etiquette would not permit him to re
turn It to his pocket. Just then the volet
of his piano came to his mental' ear and
he Jumped up murmuring. "Had I almost
forgotten you for an Instant, my soul's
delight?" The piano purred content" ,lly
when he arrived at the keyboard, and
went Into ecstasies as he reassured It of
his devotion.
"It calls m»» nway from all other pleas
ure?." he says. "From mineral' and
cigars and Tolstoi. It is the great Joy of
my life."
Vladimir de Pachmann is coming to
play us much music, above all the music
of Weber. Weber Is a god. he says, and
this fart is not known. The pianist will
teach üb. He will play the sonata in A
flat, and then shall we know all our
yearnings which have never occurred tv
us before.
Do not be disconcerted If he should stop
in the middle of the sonata and bang his
dainty little, naughty bands down on the
keys and «ay that he won't play any
more, so there. He. now and again does
such things, but it is his mood: and when
he does play all his Idiosyncrasies seem
pardonable and delightful.
heated discussion took place, the result
bring that Gernme stalked out of the
room In .1 grrat parsion, declaring that
his friends were utterly ignorant of the
first principles of art and refusing to 11»- J
tci * to more of their lectures.
In spite <>{ his eccentricities Qerome is
popular among the artists, as whs well
proven on a recent Sunday at Chaotllljr.
The occasion was a sort of double apothe
osis of Gerome and the Due d'Aumale. la
Which the I lightest stars of th«? artistic
world participated, Benjamin Constant,
Carolui Duran and Bougaurrean are only
a few of the illustrious artists who took '
advantage of the occasion to do honor to
(.Jerome. Had an accident of a fatal
nature happened to the Parls-rhantiily
train on this particular Sunday morning,
not only art but literature and society
would have been plunged into ■ dreary
darkness, deprived at once of their most
resplendent stars. Among the friends of
Geronie were several members of th^
Academy and other distinguished writers,
while the friends of the Due <l'Aumal«
naturally represented the aristocracy of
France. The combination of these two in
dividualities brought to (.'handily a
gathering that It would be hard to sur
pass in brilliancy.
The personality of celebrities is often
disappointing, but that of Qerome is emi
nently satisfactory. Ills Features are
classical] his forehead superb, the pose of
his bead aristocratic. it is hard to trace
In Ms deep black eyes and stately bearing
the ardent lover of minutiae, the maker
of dainty bibelots thai h« Is. I am sure
that a physiognomist would accord to
him more nf the Michael -Angelo tem
perament—to execute great outlines and
to let the detail take care of itself.
The making of this statue by Gerome
was in some measure a labor of love. He
knew the Doc d'Aumale, and. like every
other Frenchman, he loved him well. I
doubt that there is a character In the re
cent history of , the French republic
whose memory is more sincerely respect
ed than that of the son of Louis Philippe.
Aristocrat and plebeian have joined
hands concerning him, and justly, tor
the Due d'Aumale was In every sense a
patriot— he loved his country for his coun
try's sake. The descendant of Kings, the
republic was nevertheless as dear to him
as the monarchy had been. With him
France was always France, no matter
what form of government existed. In 1543
be was Governor of Algeria, adored by
the population and the army, when the
news reached him of the revolution in
France and of the downfall of his father
from the throne." One word, one gesture
from him and 40.000 men would have be
gun a march to Paris. With him at the
head it is said this number could easily
have been doubled between Toulon and
the capital. He knew all of this as well
as any one. He knew that the fate of
the revolution was in his hands. From ail
sides he was urged to take this measure,
but the good of France was superior to
all personal consideration, to all personal
ambition. He weighed the matter wall,
and this is the famous message that he
sent to the provislonary government
■•No matter what happens, the devotion
of the African army and of Its officers
to France will remain unalterable. . We
will uphold the national tag regardless of
what chief may be chosen to command
it.' • ;'-!<'r
Twenty-two years later, when on the
■Ith of September the imperial throne was
reversed, the Due d'Aumale presented
himself at Paris. He did' not come as an
aspirant to the throne, but solely to offer
to his country the service of his sword.
But the Government saw In his presence
a new menace. In vain he declared his
willingness to France -under- a re
publican government. His anricai
declined and he was forced to leave th»>
country. Here again th«> Due d'Aumnlfi
■bowed an Inborn greatness; he 1
Tils head in obedience to the decree of his
country, and although he might have re
sented the' Insult with violence, he de
parted In peace. This was the principle
of his patriotism: "A man has never the.
right to plunge his country Into war or
strife, to sacrifice the lives of his com
patriots to avenge a personal Insult."
Throughout his whole career ho was loyal
and patriotic, but never theatrical. Not
In one single Instance did he manifest the
desire to render himself picturesque in
the eyes of posterity. Two years ago he
died, leaving his magnificent possessions
at Chantllly to the State, thus proving
that In spite of many Injustices he nad
no rancor in his hoart against Ills coun
trymen. On the territory that belonged
to him and to hi" ancestors the new
statue from the hand of Gerome now tells
the story of his patriotism.
LYDDITE SHELLS THAT KILL
WITHOUT HITTING.
What is lyddite? The high explosive
thus called, from the name of the small
Kentish, town and gunnery center, where
the experiments with It were made, It
nothing loss than picric acid brought into
a dense state by fusion. Picric add Is a
bright yellow substance freely used In
peaceful Industries for dyeing purposes.
It Is obtained by the action of nitric acid
on phenol or carbolic acid. It burns very
violently, and. owing to th*» tremendous
blast produced by the explosion, the de
structive effect of a bursting shell tilled
with it' ls some eleven times greater than
that of a shell filled with powder.
Common. shells of forged steel filled
with lyddite arc used with 6 and --Inch
breech-loading guns and with howitzers:
also with 4 to 6 Inch quick-firing guns.
Now. we have none of the nrst-mention
cd .for land service proper, guns of pre
cision .up at the front; Belt have we
yet dispatched any of our tit-Id howitzer
batteries. Therefore, the lyddite shell*
of .which- Joubcrt complains must have
been. tired from the 4 to 6 Inch, quick
firing guns, which . the naval brigade *o
opportunely brought with them, in [* t.
the' fighting around 1.-.ni- smith on Mon
day. October '■". most have witnessed Ihe
Boers' first : Introduction to lyddlto. fur
the' common shell 1 fired by our field bat
teries—and up till then the enemy had
not had to face any other kind of gun
are not charged with it, but with powder.
All lyddite shells are equipped
with ' percussion nose fuses only;
hence their' explosion takes pluce
on impact In • the following fashion:
The ' percussion • fuse -Ignites a pic
ric powder exploder, which in turn
Ignites* the 'bursting charge of lyddite,
the detonation of the fuse and of the two
explosives Inside the shell being Instanta
The Chateau of Chantllly. which th«
Due d"Aurnale has made a public museum.
Is. according to my notion, the most beau
tiful chateau In France. Versailles and
Fontalnebl'eau and Ambolso arc perhaps
more Imposing, but Chantllly. more than
any of them. Is like a house that was
made to live in. It Is superbly artlstlo
and delightfully cozy— by far too warm
and habitable to be surrendered to tho
ghosts. Its history contains none of the
tragic episodes which cry out so loudly to
the visitor at Versailles, and yet Its
rooms are all replete with Interesting sug
gestions, Chantllly was the favorite re
sort of the great Cood«, who here receiv
ed tho brightest minds of the age—Bos
suet, Racine. Bollcau and many others.
The readers of Madame de Sevlgna will
remember the brilliant scenes that «h« de
pcribes with this chateau for a back
ground. Louis Joseph de Bourbon hero
received the ±»lng* of Denmark and
Sweden, the Emperor Joseph II and Paul
I,* Czar of Russia. Under the empire It
was the domain of wueen Hortense. With
nil of these brilliant names attached to Its
history, that of th- Due d'Aumaia Is
nevertheless the most prominent and th«
most Important. As well as a patriot, h«
was ■ great scholar and a great connois
seur, and to him are duo the wonderful
collections tmit bring the art-lover from
all parts of the world to the Chateau oC
Chantllly. Tho library Is a delight.
Besides innumerable manuscripts and
rare old editions one tlnds the elasalCi of.
many languages, with the bindings worn
and the pages thumb-marked, attesting
long and constant use. ••■■ Lille th« collec
tion of picture.**. «>f enamels, of art work*
generally. is unsurpassed by any prlvato
collection In the world. The education of
the art student in not complete until ha
has visited Chantllly. Some of the finest
nnd the best-known BottlcclUs, the draw-
Ings of Leonardo da Vinci, a number of
Tltiai and the famous Tim Graces"
of Raphael are only examples of the qual
ity <<( the Due d'Aumale's collection.
Modern art Is equally well represented,
and, unlike other collections. It contains
very little. if any. of trash. For the Duo
d'Aumale was one of th*> best connois
seurs of modern times. To an ardent love
Of things artistic he added a rare discre
tion in selecting.
In the library, near I window locking on
to the artificial ike, the worn end faded
chair of the Doe d'Aumale may si b*»
seen. Here, they say. ho passed tho latter
days of 111** life, happy In the companion
ship of his favorite author- The heir of
kings, thin was tli** only throni* he ever
occupied. And yet. in looking about at
the testimonials of his splendid culture, I
thought that ■ man like this, whose pleas
ures were, the refinements of life, whose
h'Mirt was fall of love for his fellow men.
and who returned for Injustlco a manifold
generosity, was none the less a king, al
though he never wore a crown.
neous. The picric powder exploder. w«
should add. I* Inserted in a recess left la
the lyddite for that purpose. Lyddite
■hell is to some extent less barbarous
than shrapnel exploded by powder, for,
though widespread." its death-dealing ef
fects are due more to air concussion than
to the wounding effects of the flying frag
ments. In other words. In the can* of a
lyddite shell bursting In a crowd of men.
the greater number will be killed not by
pieces of the shell, but by the Mow of tha
suddenly comprised ulr.
. ♦ ■
A man with a hard head for drinking has
always been the udmiratlnn of every on*
who gits round "the festive board." and
the capacity for Imbibing strong liquor
has from time Immemorial been a subject
on which the outside world is always
as ready to listen as th» person having
that great capacity 13 always ready to
talk.
Among the great drinkers, nays a Lon
don weekly, there has always been a ten
dency to place the Kngllshman. especially
:ui army 01 navy officer, at the head of
the list. The reason for this singular Im
muni enjoyed by the followers of thesa
professions has never hitherto been ex
plained, but there Is a nystem which ex
plains the reason of this thusnes*. al
though, as the writer of this article h» not
a naval or military man. and. m£nrtu
nately. like Casslo. "has a poor head for
drinking." bo th.it he is compelled against
bis will to be a teetotaler, he Is In no posi.
lion to vouch for the truth by actual ex
perience.
Briefly, then, the secret Is said to It* i n
olive oil. one wlncglassful of which Is to
be taken before starting out on a carouse
and. If possible, one during the course of
the evening.
It Is supposed that the oil acts by coat
Ing the stomach, anil so keeps the alcohai
from being absorbed by the system
56
Ti was a little Klrl in all
the world who did n-jt have h«r
dull. Wny back In the dimmest his
tory we hear «>f dolls, and Bee her
r. If would probably havo played
with ono liad :«he not been barn
grf'Wn vij« -
They ranuc all Iho way from a bit o.
T...0d wr;.i'!»'l »'i •*■ »".;«; t>> i!;e Frenchl
jiol Ik nut y who s.i>>. "Mamm:t" and
••Papa." Arid their little mothers are
very much like M* mothers, in that it
matters not whether the child bo pretty
us a picture and ready of speech, or. on
the oilier handj a perfect stick. Mothers
mill bo moth* rsJ
As lax back as tho time when Egypt
was a. i;r< at empire these miniature peo
pl« tut«- known. We. have no record of
»j<.w they «irac, although historians havo
ponded a great <leal over the matter, for
Santa daus had not then started in busl
x<e>s. Perhaps some good-humored big
brother carved what l>r. Johnson calls ".I
puppet." P.lg brothers often become very
oblipiJ.g. you know, when little sisters
happen to know that they hive been flah
lns or bird's nesting and are deliberating
whether or not to tell.
At cny rate we have learned that rude
ly car\^«l dullies did live *nd were, loved
by those nurl'-nt little girls, and how
havo we learned^ do you suppose? In thin
tray. Sdcnttflc men have discovered tiny
tombs', or Kareophngt aa they are called.
In which the Egyptian children W. re
burled. Within, tend* the body of the
child, lies th« dolly. Poor little puppet.
It had nothing to live for when there was
uo longer any mother to put it to bed and
CCt U up again and rock and sing and
talk to it.
The Greek and Roman people had ihe
same custom of burying dolls. The
Ilomans dressed them for burial in tl'e
jrarb of tho first Christians, those who
suffered «?o many hideous tortures. It is
rupposcd that the custom of burring
dolls with their owners lasted until the
time of Christ. Not much is known about
their making except that thoso of the
1-fO'l'tlans were carved from wood or
rnoided from baked clay, while a bunt!, of
rolled rags served in many places. The
Human elrls never put their dolls away
until they wens marrir«d. Think how
droll It must Jbave been to see a your.tr
lady caressing a doll instead of playing
with a kodak or collecting btamp pictures
a«" young ladies do now.
The Indians of America have toys very
different Iron those of white children,
but they are no less dear. They are made
of wood or bone or cloth, as it happens ,
and they are n.ad<* by the children**)
mothers. A learned article cays that, no
Indian boys play with dolls, but do you
believe it? There .-ire a great many
things that boys do on the sly and never
own to. *B*JBI
The little Indian girls name their babie&
for Mine one very dear to them, or for
some gr< at chief whom every ono admires
—lust as white children call theirs Queen
Victoria or President McKinlcy. Ills
■Qaglo or Hain-in-the-face theirs are.
which Is all the same to them. Some of
the little people in Arizona uso animals
m:i<> of pottery in place of real dolls
rig*. dr.K's and chic ken* of clay, and other
tribes have been known to use ducks or
wild birds carved from wood. The Esqui
maux hay« queer figure* whittled from
bones-very much like those that the far
away African youngsters love and cher
ish. All • if Uitso savages have rather
THE SCORY OF ALL THE DOLCIES IN THE WORLD.
Odd £hes Some of Jhem X,ead and Curious Customs Jhetj Jfave
naughty .lulls, for you know dulls axe
wonderfully like their owners, and black
and red children are never taught the
best <>f manners. If some South S»'a dolls
i-hould eat others, ono really could not
find fault with them for knowing no bet
ter.
In th- Inland of Java, where brown peo
ple live, the dolls aro made to represent
characters of history and mythology, and
the Children are supposed to learn about
the characters while playing with their
image?. it is really nothing but ■ mean
trick on the part of grown-up folk to
turn playtime into school, and If the. little
Javanese should up and demand their
rights they ought not to be blamed. Let
them hay. "No sugar-coated pills for us!
No history lessons In the Bhape of dolls!"
A French writer tells of the dolls of
East Indlii. They are. odd affairs, but not
haJf so odd as the way they are treated.
Most of the East Indian dolls are in the
form of b woman carrying a baby in her
»rms. Fhe Is made of wood and ■ block
fastened to her feet makes her able to
stand alone. This is very convenient, for
you know what a bother a floppy doll is
when you want her to stand to recite or
to Ik- married. The worst thing about this
wooden lady la that she cannot move at
all, except at the neck; her head is put on
a prg and can bo turned or removed. Tills
would be advantageous In playing guillo
tine, hut the East Indians never do that.
The writer describes ■ wedding proces
sion through the streets of Dacca, which
celebrated the marriage of two dolls.
Children and older people were present,
nnd after the ceremony a feast was given
by the grandparents of the bride. Rich
aiid poor eamo to make merry, and the
host scattered several thousands of ru
pees, the native money, for beggars to
pick up. There was a great scramble,
you may be sure, and such fun for every
body. Music played and people laughed
nnd rhouted and the dolls looked very
happy. You see these little wooden fig
ures are regarded as sacred, and they
are even given a room to themselves In
every house.
"Hina" is the word for "dolls" In
Japan, and each year the Japanese cele
brate what they call the "lima Matsurl,"
or "Feast of Dolls. The hlna are not
broken or torn or allowed to leak saw
dust as, alas, American dolls too often
are. When a girl Is born, her father buys
her two hiaa at a shop, and she must
tak»- pood care of these all her life, play-
Ing with them gently while she Is little
and taking th< m to her new home when
she marri»-s and passing them down to
the next generation when she dies.
This seema impossible to us, but the
■ > se are a precise, neat and wo'.l
mannered rare, who could no more play
roughly than their own dolls. So Jt comes
that every family has a great
collection Of hina hunded down from al
most forgotten grandmothers, as well as
the m-w ones that are added now and
then. They are not handled every Say
l>\- nm- means, but laid away on f'irae
bamboo shelf to aw;iit itate occasions.
Tho most important of these occasions
mentioned it occur* in April,
when the poach tree boughs are aa pink
a^- Mi«.ks of wintergreen candy. The
peach blossoms are brought into the
house for decoration ami howen Of them
ar»- made. All the cousins and aunts are
i. as ours an- at Christmas, and a
tat.!.- of Rood things is spread before
ti.ni. The] are told that they may look
but not taste, because the. f<a.<=t is for
the dolls. All the house's luna are
brought to the table and Invited I
but, poor thiiißs, they can't. So tin y si:
up and try not to look bored, but they
never taste a crtunb. After awhile bed
time comca and they and the children are
bundled off to bed, and then what do you
think Uappenai Well, the big people are
loft all alone with the feast and it is very
tempting and so they just eat every apeck
of it dear through dessert.
In these days Prance makes the finest
flolls in tlx' world, but France was taught
la the first place by Italy. In the reign
nf Charles VI an Italian peddler came to
France bringing ninety-six puppets—
Images, they were, of Empresses and
noble ladles known throughout Europe.
The maker had obtained coins from va
rious countries and studied the images of
these people which he found stamped on
the coins.
At first he traveled among the French
peasants showing his dolls and earning
a small living In that way. The people
were Interested the odd coilecliou, and
THE SUNDAY CALL.
by and by King Charles heard of It In
come roundabout way and Gent for the
peddler to come to his court. Kings have
co many amusements that they arc always
tired of everything and looking about for
something new. When Charles saw th©
exhibition ho was delighted, "and," quoth
he, "I must have a doll of my own at
once." Bo he took one that represented
an especially pretty young lady of the
nobility and tossed the peddler a chink
ing piece of good money. "Hero's a
month's lodging," 'thought th© peddler
Joyfully.
"We must have dolls If the King does,"
whispered the court.
And thereupon ninety-five distinguished
persons bought out the peddler, and he
retired, to live happy ever after. Dolls
became the fashion in France, and their
manufacture began and has Increased
and improved through all these years.
The earliest people of Great Britain had
BITS OF ALASKAN
LIFE AND SCENERY
INCE the discovery of the Klondike
y->, gold fields so much has been said
Yj about gold that people are prone to
k^/ lose sight of everything Alaskan
4 ' except that glittering metal, and
consequently have been told little about
the wonderful natural phenomena there.
They associate everything in Alaska with
gold. Icebergs and Eskimos. ,' '" -1
During a recent vacation spent in that
Interesting country I saw none of the
three above mentioned. In lieu thereof,
however, we— that Is, my "pardner" and
I (every one In Alaska has a "pardner,"
you know)— saw things which at least in a
measure compensated for their loss.
When the log lilted on the Sound on the
rudely made puppets, tut the first real
d'llls of that country w< re imported from
Holland, and wero called Flandera babies.
They were wooden of soul and body, with
the mo.«t stupid of face?. Tht-ir only In
• fil tv be In dress, and they
wt-ro ns r;.iudy us oth>-r 111-bred people.
Our lir.-t dolls were brought from Enp
land In colonial I tlu-y did very
well until v. ■ be .-;ui to manufacture our
own or buy .still finer oneH In France. The
old-fashioned doll? were mude of two
pieces cf kid cut t'> proper shape, s*»wed
toK«thf-r and Stuffed with .sawdust. They
were dressed in the fashionable boop-
Bklrts ajid broc-adtd silks of the ;
and the handsomest were sold for £1 in
N"»- England shops.
In all the civilized countries of ■ the
whole world German and French dolls an;
now found. They are dressed according to
the fashion of the place where they live,
but are nearly all from the same land.
They become naturalized early. Thus, the
doll from Cairo Is as haußhty and showily
dressed as are the wealthy people there.
although the doll Itself came from Ger
many. In the same way a doll pent to
Spain grew sober and finally became a de
vout monk.
If you should travel throuph the Ger
man villages you would find women and
children at work In their homes making
pieces of dolls. Some carve the heads and
bodies, others make less and arms, others
lit and sew dresses. -Ml these articles
made In the country are collected by deal
erß of the cities, who buy them and have
them put together in factories." But the
beet dolls are made entirely in Rreat fa- -
.torlea — those of wax and hls'iue and
papier mache— and hundreds of thousands
are turned out each year from one town
alone. The heads are made In many
molds, which have different features and
expressions— aa many molds as there
.ire kinds of faces. The dolls are stuffed
with sawdust, if they ara good; hay it
-re naughty enough to cry. for in
that case the sawdust would Ret into the
crier and stop It. What effect do you
suppose a dose of sawdust would have
upon Annlo when her balloon slips loose,
or upon Johnnie when he cuts his finger?
Perhaps it might stop their criers, too.
morning of our arrival at Victoria we
caught our first glimpe of the marvelous
Bupply of tlmb<>r with which the moun
talna are covered, and for days as we
traveled through the "inside passage"
there was no apparent diminution of these
vast forests.
t >n we wiT.t. up through a magnificent
body of water which had the appearance
of a beautiful river, and again would wid
en out to a bay, with thousands of islands
dotting the BUrf vercold Mother
Nature In her prodigality had seen rit to
place them.
We passed up through the Seymour
Narrows, where the mountains clos,- in on
either Hide, making the channel very' nar
row, through which at a certain time of
the tide tho current runs with such frigUt
ful vcloci-/ that it is impossible for any
steamer tl jaake headway against it .so
the vessel* are compelled to time them
selves in reaching this spot in order that
they may have a safe passage through.
There is a story told that some years
ago a certain United States gunboat
reached these narrows at the dangerous
period of the tide, and when the pilot
In charge hesitated about taking the
passage he was instructed by the captain
that a "United States man-of-war could
go any place" and to "steam ahead, dm
steamed ahead and did go some place, She
went to the bottom, and her bone* are at
present lying there as a result of his fool
hardiness.
In the wider parts of this inland passage
. we encountered M many whales and por
poises playing about the ship that they
coon ceased to attract attention. We were
told that on the trip immediately preced
ing this one the steamer AI-KI. on which
we were-, struck a whale so hard that she
cut half through it and the leviathan
stuck fast to her bow. making it neces
sary for the sailors to go down with axes*
and chop it in two before the boat could
proceed.
A curious feature of the landscape that
presented Itself In steaming through this
great timber country was an appearance
at the water's edge as if the country was
entirely fenced in with an ordinary rail
fence, when we knew there were no fences
within hundreds of miles. Th appeur
ance Is caused by great trees falling into
the water and being buffeted about until,
stripped of their bark by the action ot
the water, they are finally thrown upon
tho beach, where they lie In such pro
fusion bleaching in the sun that they tike
on the appearance of fence rails, and thus
produce the illusion referred to.
The first sight we had of the natives,
except here and there an occasional canoe
slipping along under shelter of the land,
I wan on turning a bend of the stream,
about three days out from the Sound. We
came upon a comfortable looking village
of wooden cottages called Bella Bella. I
counted seventy houses, all properly paint,
ed and comfortable looking, and d'iii.-rn g
only from the white man's town In that
they looked cleaner, while on the outskirts
stood a collection of the ever present to
tem poles.
We at last landed from the steamer at
a funny little semi-circular-shaned Indian
village named Coring, or, as the Indians
call it, Xaha. It is sustained entirely by
the fishing industry, th ■ Alaska < ' -mm
cial Company having a large cannery
there. The fish are caught by the natives,
I who appear to be very thrifty and con
tract with the cannery annually to supply
them with fish, while the squaws and chil
dren work In the various packing- 1
The natives are extremely inquisitive,
, and exact the privilege of ransai Icing all
! one's outfit and belongings; but they seem
to be prompted simply by ■ childish curi
osity and have a reputation among the
white settlers of being absolutely honest.
1 One Industrious native has a large saw
; mill near Lorlng. in which he employs
many hands and supplies the prospecting
, villages that are rapidly springing up with
lumber. Another native has a cooper
i shop and is a skilled workman. lie told
I us that he Warned his trad* in the Gov
ernment school at Sltka. In the winter ho
gets out his barrel stun* from the woods,
and spends the summer in iking barrels,
for which he has a contract with the can
nery for all he can furnish at 96 cents
apiece. He told us that hr could maK«
ten barrels a day. which at that rate did
not •em altogether bad for an Indian.
Many of the natives can read an write,
having been taught at Bltka, and are
much envied by those who have not he--n
so fortunate. Sitka Is the Mecca of the
Alaskan natives, and from my experience
and conversations had with th»m I wish
to acknowledge the Inestimable work that
Is being done there by the Government.
After inspecting the Loring cannery we
were proffered the use of a small boat
with which to pay a visit to the "lake."
a body of water a short distance from the
village. Our Instructions were to row up
i an arm of the sea until we came to a cer
tain waterfall, make the boat fast and
walk around and above the fall, where
we would lind another boat. In which
we could continue our trip. We did as
I directed, and upon turning a bend In th»
stream came upon the beautiful plrture of
' a sheet of water about a hundred feet
wide pouring over a preclnlro ahout flf
tren feel In height. We left the boat
moored to the bank and finding the other
boat as directed, we rowed to an Island
near th* midle of the lake where wo
1 landed and were surprised to tlnd growing
thereon lmonberrl< - huck'.oberrlea and
the largest and most luscious blackborrt»s
we hud ever tasted.
We spent the rest of the day exploring.
and upon rowing back to the waterfall, \
most surprising picture awaited us. ; :
was nothing less than the water which w«
had Men pouring out of the lak<> ,
stated had turned itself upside down. -
Inside out. aa you pit-as*, and was pnur!:;i
back Into the lake. The tide, as w..
learned afterward, rises fm.y thirty f. .-.
and when we went In It was l<»w tid»-. «:'■,
the water, as I said, falling about Ofti
feet outward: whon we returned tho tM
had risen so rapidly that It had narh.l
a height much above the ordinary lev*!
of the lake nr.d In forcing itself through
the narrow passage its advance was Im
peded In consequence of which eer r
rapids were formetl which poured ba ■*.
into the lake. «.-;*
Upon our arrival again at th. village • «
were told thut twice a day. at sla<k w
ter there Is a time less than a mlnut.
duration when a boat may shoot tliro:^
the narrow openlnr but should th»- tar<;
boatman delay for a moment, aa sorrn
have occasionally done. h!s boat wr.mi
torn to fragments and h<* be l»fi to t:
tender mercies of the current. I learn'
however, that no lives have been lost, t,
that in such instances the dellnir-'
have succeeded In getting ashore.
A few years ago the old I'arlflc Con«t
stenmer Ancon was backing away fm r ,
the dork at tbls point during an el b tl>!
and her pilot, miscalculating his distance,
let her slide on the rocks about a hundr <\
yards from the dock, and th»; tide. «!mp
ring, down rapidly, soon left her high an !
dry on her rocky perch with a brrk.-i
back Her wr*<;k is still to be seen pH -
Ing silent ♦—♦•mony to this peculiar tl!».
Anotl-er feature of th«* water ihmuH;
out this rcelon Is that, although pure s i
water. II is of remarkable transpnr#>nc;-.
and one can fee the fish swimming on tht
bottom from twenty to thirty feet ifl'.r
the surface. It may bo likened to an im
mense natural aquarium, slocked wt'h
many-colored, many-legged starfish. Ma
urchins, anemones, etc. At night t'i«
phosphorescent effects caused by myriud*
of fi>h swimming about present tho ap
pearance of countless meteors darting
hither and thlth* r through the writer.
W sail mI from I-nring in a small Dont.
camping where night overtook us. nr.d
after four days arrived at nur destlnatS >n
on Prince of Wulea Island, at a plu'i
which has not as yet hail th* honor of be-
Ing christened.
\\> campfd on a magnificent mountain
stream that grows gradually shallower
as it approaches tide water. The salmi n
were so thick In this stream (and this la
true of all tho streams in this neighbor
hood) that, although we wore rurb<»r
boots In fording the stream, we had to
carry a large stick to aid us in "shootnK"
the tlsh out of our way or else accept the
alternative of being drenchr-d through by
them In thHr efforts to escape us.
A short distance up the stream the wa
ter pourod over an embankment Into an
Immense hole, where the fish were so
numerous that they had no room to ?wim.
but were a squirming, struggling mr.ns.
standing *rect on their tall*, with thMr
heads bobbing up and down out of th*
water and their mouths wld» open. Tnisi
fortunate enough to be in the front row.
"with standing room only." waited a
chance to leap over the fans In order to
pursue their way up the streim.
We at first caught what fish we wftiifM
with clubs, and tJie wild geese, whlrh
were plentiful, with fish Ifnei by almplv
staking the line out and baiting It with
a piece of smoked salmon prepared In our
own smokehouse of canvas. w« afterward
rigged an iron hook to the end of a stout
pole, with which we found we could mak*
a better election of the fish than with
clubs, and with this two of us took fr^m
the stream eighty-two Coho salmon, av
eraging about fifteen pounds apiece, In
two hours. , • >_■•
I might go on at length and describe
tho rainbows that com- In bunches of
three or ur. the exquisitely b*aut!ful
sunsets, the aurora borealls or the nn~
parentlv limitless quantity of big gam*,
but sunVient has been said at thlj tin*,
except th-it of the latter I might say that
one of our party went a short distant-*
up the creek on whlrh we camped find
in an hour or so brought hack a handle
of four b«ar skins.
GEORGE H. RICHARDSON.THE SUNDAY CALL.
78
With the Literary Lights in the Book World
Proffesor H. B. Lathrop ,
Stanford University.
Stanford University.
t I \)IE name cf Kate Field was «o lone
[ and to conspicuously before the,
| j>ub'.ic, and writings were
re th«
I marked by so decided an IndlviJu
"*• ality, that she termed to be as
% with
: from
■
■
;
■
: '
■
-
■
■
■
■
idivfd-
■
i • :
■
■
■
In V . :
■
-
a j --- u-t Jrol-of im t^o, — stTy t»f Miss
FU fl"» on<> prrirus love affair is very cu
rio\:f. Miss WhlUngtells it with extreme
solemnity and represents it as a. case
where the faint heart failed to win tuc
fair lady. Kate Field** history, with its
picture <if extreme beiiMtiveness, liory ii>
dcr^ndenco and restless *»n*Tß>'. would not
feem to promise hapjiinr-ss in the married
Mate. Yrt otic cannot fail to perceive in
her a certain dissatisfaction and unset
'.K-dnefP which a happy marriage would
have cured. Her own testimony is to the
rffect that a woman's place of honor and
hEppiness is at home with a lovinc hus
band an<l a family of children, and that
her work was dene for a living.
Miai Whltins'* biography affords the
material? for a complete view of Kate
FieM's own nature. Her lonely and too
excited childhood, her youthful overseri
ousness, her vronderfol education in the
rociety that Rathere«l about the Brown
lact in Florence, and her long and varied
career sf lecturer and writer, with little
Intervals of acting and ar«- all
represented in a wealth of letters, anec
dotcf. quotations, ko that a reader can
know fully all that Kate Field was and
C ■ I
It If. however, or.ly as a collection of
materials that Miss Whiting** book is to
be commended. It is a work of ridiculous
prolixity. On one pago we are given the
full text of a letter communicating a vote
of thanks for t-nmcthing Mips Field had
written— a gentlemanly letter, but as
characterless and tririal. now its day has
passc-i. as every such letter must he. On
another stands the list of artists who
exhibited at an art congress organized by
her; on another the reader receives the
information that "Miss Field's efforts con
tributed greatly t* influencing public sen
timent in favor of this mode of disposing
of the dead" (cremation), and that
"among other able advocates of cremation
arc Rtv. R. U<bor Newton. D.D.. of New
York; Professor Charles Eliot Norton and
Hon. Charks Francis Adams." It is la
formal letters and useless lists of names
that Miss Whiting most delights. In a
book of a third as large as hrrs might l>c
told and better told all that is of import
ance about Kate Field and about the re
lations between her and the rest of the
world. If it were necessary to increase
the Mze of the biography copious quota
tions from Kate Field's own writings
would have been more acceptable than
Miss Whiting's tedious letters and society
column lists of nann-s. Perhaps Miss
Whiting belie\ed that it was necessary to
bolster up Kate Field's claims to import
ance, by proof of her wide acquaintance
w:th important people. Certainly Kate
Fit Id's talents and career were in them
selves punViently unusual to Justify the
existence «>f a biography.
The flatness of Miss Whiting's own com
ments and her reprehensible habit of
quoting moral poetry in older to apply it
:o the facts of Miss Field's life still fur
ther weaken what they cannot destroy—
the vivid Impresyion of Kate Field's na
ture produced by everything she had to
do with. I M Whiting tells us that
money cannot buy everything that it is
not the easiest life huh Is best, that
common pense is not common. She often
enforrcs her remark with a quotation,
usually a good quotation, but in the
meantime "the stage waits."
One oddity of Miss Whiting* book Is the
fact that when she speaks of science it is
th*» science of lx>mbroso or "psychical
f-citnee'* that she is thinking of. Premo
nitions, clairvoyance and all th« other
phenomena which lie a little way over
the border of the uncertain have a great
charm for her. Of course, her books deal
ing with these subjects are pretty well
known.
B imperfection
•>,p!rte
• •
rharr. • : .. |
PL)
Mi*s Howard Weeden's "Bandana Bal
lads" consists of about twenty portraits
of negroes, with little verses forming a
kind of commentary to tsuow the spirit
In which the portraits were made. The
portraits arc intended to express the
character of the Southern house ser
vants as they were before the war— the
b«iovod mammies and ccntle uncles who
have been made i»ie subject of so many
tales, but who secra to have disappeared
from Southern soil with the coming of
new ctmdi lions. The faces take one by
surprise as he turns the past's by their
fullness of life and the unlikeness of each
to ail the rc.^t. The youthful faces are
. harm.:.;: wit!.
ful in gentle »J .
il boat
tribute* to the little i k
■ •
■
Ironmcnt, I
nlnip— rtinlil' evidr
■
in its
■
way It je
stores the atmosphere # and color of the
time. Ami each portrait stands out a
little masterpiece, harmonious, powerful,
charged with feeling, and Illuminated by
the imaeinmion that makes its creations
more real than life Itself."
Mr. Harris, In his love for the time
Southern life, may well have been startled
into speaking with Mich extravagance of
these portraits. The best alone Justify
his praise. Several are a little cold and
photographic. The best, however, have
a pathetic charm for which Mr Hards'
words of praise are not too strong. The
versos, regarded as literary compositions,
are worthless. As expressions of feeling
and in a subtle way Interpretations of
the pictures they are very useful, for
the pictures are ho modest and so re
served, «is It were, that without a com
mentary they might be obscure. (The
Doiibleday iv McClure Company, Now
York. II).
- . .
The Century Company has published
four collections of short •■:■•- "Holly
find Plzen" by Ruth McEnery Stuart,
"The Pour-masted Cat-boat" by • : tries
Battell Loomls, "Little .Tim "row" by
Clara Morris, and "His Defense" by
Harry - Illwell Edwards. All exhibit
workmanlike Ingenuity in turning stories
off quickly and without confusing compli
cations, and all owe much of their inter
est to a certain whimsical extravagance.
Miss Smart's "Holly and Wren" and Mr.
Edwards' "His Defense" .-ire the most im
portant and interesting. in them the fun
comes from the quaintness of situations,
which arise in a perfectly intelligible and
normal way. from th contact of oddly
developed characters. The man who
cussed his mother-in-law and the mother
in-law who kept the machine are odd peo
ple, but the reader can Understand how
they came to be and to do just as they
ii.i. and tan therefore rtnd not mere
oddity but human sympathy In their story.
Likewise the old negro who took the
" 'sponsiblllty" for the ailments of a
whole countryside, and the negress who
arranged to be buried by proxy in order
to impress her friends with her wealth,
are whimsically but nut unnaturally con
ceived, and Ik:. the stories about them.
however funny, have an Interest of. hu
man comedy, which is something more
than the merely comic. Miss Stuart's
tai% also contain many touches of lively
characterization In her treatment of
minor personages and a full conception of
the circumstances in which her plot is
developed, so that her work possesses an
abounding life.
Miss Morris* collection of short stories
have a more apparent touch of sentiment.
Their plots are nearly nil at least partly
tragic, while their characters are in gen
eral comic. They impress the reader as
.studies. The author seems to have writ
ten them up to an Idea and noit from an
inspiration. The characters are few and
l ho attention Is focused usually on a sin
gle one. Little attempt is made to sug
gest circumstance or "atmosphere." The
impression produced is single and definite,
perhaps bare. Most of them are stories
of children's hearts— of childish hero-wor
■hip, or childish disappointment. Some
are open to the charge of sentimentality,
some of melodrama, hut the best of them
—"My Mr. Edward" and ••Little Jim
Crow**— fo penetrating in their ob
servation and fo genuine that they at
tain poignant intensity. The situation
where the little girl, unconscious of trage
dy, tears the black streamers from -the
door to make a dress for her dolly, is one
of extraordinary power and pathos.
Mr. Loomls' book was written to make
fun. He says of It: "It hasn't bothered
me to write it. I hope it won't bother
you to read it. for I'd hate to have you
bothered on my account." % The best
parts of it are the burlesques of current
literary types— the dialect story and the
sea story for instance. His own inven
tions are usually a little thin. But nothing
in its kind could be more perfect than
this:
"The sea lay low in the ofllng. and. as
far as the eye could reach, immense white
caps rode upon it as quietly as pond-lilies
on the bosom of a lake.
"Fleecy clouds dotted the sky. and far
off toward tho horizon a full-rigged four
masted cat-boat lugged and luff, in the
evening breeds. Her Kails were piped to
larboard, starboard, and port, and, as she
rolled steadily along in the heavy wash
and undertow, her companion-light, al
ready kindled, shed a delicate ray across
the bay to where • ... dull red disk of the
sun was dipping his colors."
Equally witty is the notion of buying
dialvct over the counter. "If ye're want
in' some a wee bit shop-worn, I'll let ye
hae that at a lower price. There's a
quantity that lan Maclaren left oot o*
his last buke." 1 expressed surprise that
he had let any escape him, and he said:
"Hech. mon. dinna ye ken there's no end
to the Scots?" I felt like telling him that
I was sorry there had been a beginning,
but 1 refrained, i f •'
The confessions of a hypnotized critic,
the conversation with a famous author,
and several other literary papers have
pith and poignancy. (Century Company.
Jl 25 each).
The collection in book form r.f some of
Of li.-oker T.
I "f t!i" well
• in Tu*k< c.. ■• Ala-
I ■ i ••- rt the reader at one
view the working principles which direct
the man who Is now doing the most Im
portant work In solving the most import
ant problem before the United States at
the present time. The problem of the
future government of the inland
rmps^.-sions of the United States Is
thick with hideous perplexity: but
It is not fixed in our national
life, it does not have its seat on
our soil. The negro question is a
rig mJadrief" held to the nation's
hreast— indeed it is a disease running
within its very life blood. Ten million
Americans are negroes. They will not
emigrate or die or disappear. They are
as a mass ignorant, unreliable, dependent
beings, a danger to free Institutions in
their own Incompetence, a danger In, the
encouragement which their pr
pives to the corruption of the *
Lynching, political chicane, force bills,
are some of th<- evil symptoms, them
selves i-nnses of new evil, whh
from the ; • •
among us by th<> presence nf •
Further, this problem Is s nai
As Mr. Washington well points out. the
balance of power may easily be thrown a:
any time into the hands of a ma«s of
prejudiced and Illiterate Southern
and apart from political considerations,
Fron) Charles Reade's Novel "Peg Woffington."
1 11 Just rations by Hugh Thomson.
no part of the United States can be low
in civilization without tending to bring
down ihe rest. The problem of the
Black Belt is the problem of the whole
country.
Again, this problem is not t<->t <-> be solved
by sentiment or fanaticism; nor can it be
Mlved by permanent trickery and sub
location. The color line is drawn— it can
not be rubbed out. The South will not
lit the negro vote, tho North will not let
him w. rk. What is to l, e done?
Mr. Washington's reply is plain and
Pimple. It is addressed, in fact, though
not wholly in form to his own people.
"Work," he says, "save, pet rich, and
your problem, the problem of securing
equal rights, is solved." Memo he
I and urges the importance of
teaching manual arts; but ("till more he
>:.hes respect for labor and strives to
raise the self-respect of his people. To
the white man he says: •"Give us fair
treatment, so that we may learn not to
distrust you. Our interests are the same,
but it is hard to believe it when you force
us to pay first-class rates for second-class
accommodations, or pass election laws
which har out the. intelligent negro and
admit the illiterate white."
Attar all. the essential, point 1b: "What
can the negro do for himself?' Bravery
on the battlefield, pathetic fidelity, do not
altogether answer this question. Genera
tions must pass before the answer is lin
;<lly given; but If the answer is to be ever
<Me it must be due to such agencies
as Booker Washington's noble devotion.
Those who like us In California know
this- problem as a serious one only at sf
distance will do well to recognize its im
portance and to give our gratitude to this
great man. (Small, Maynard & Co., Bos
ton. $1.)
Mrs. Lucy W. Thacher's "The Listen
ing Child " is a beautiful book, beautifully
1. It Is a collection of poetry de
signed for children. The selections are
THE SUNDAY CALL.
all Phort and are mostly lyrical and a very
large proportion of them are romantic
and highly imaginative. Care seems to
have been taken to choose verse of more
than usual melodiousness. For a child
with any native sensitiveness to poetry
this book would be a beloved possession.
Many children, however, if not most,
would prefer a larger proportion of nar
rative. (The Macmillan Company. Xew
York.)
BooKs Received.
"The Successful Man of Business." Ben
jamin Wood. Brentanos Publishing Com
pany, New York.
'The Beaton Biographies—Frederick
Douglass," by Charl.-s w. Chestnutt
Small, Maynard & Co., Boston. 75 cents.
"Child's Verse' John B. Tabb. Small.
Maynard & Co.. Boston, 11.
"Don Cosae," T. H. Tyndale. G. W.
Dillingliam & Co., New York.
"Toyon ' bonk of holiday recitations.
arratiß-d by Allio If. Felker. The Whlt
•ik.i \- Hay t.'ompany. San Francisco.
"Parliamentary Lessons," rrquhart
: • Rind. HeNaliy & Co., New fork.
Kmark desiirnr-d by Mrs. Charles
Keeler, Unitarian headquarters, San
Isco.
'•l^e'a American Tourist's Map of
Paris. " Laird & Lee. publisher?. Chicago,
l>» cent I
"Lessons of th« War With Spain." Cap
tain A. T. Mahan. Little. Brown & Co.,
Boston.
"Just About a Boy." W. S. Phillips (Bl
<" inancho.i. H. S. Stone & Co., New
York.
"Under Western Skies." Frank Carle
ton Tork. WashinKton Blade PublishinK
Company, New Whatcom, Wasl>., 50
(.•■HIS.
"Kisinc Fortunes."' John O.xenham. G.
W. l>illinßham A- to.. N>w Tork. $1 TA
"A Ward of the King." Katheritu- M I©.
quoid. F. M. Buckles & Co., New York,
Ji :'.->.
"From Kingdom to Colnny," Mary
Devercux. Little, Brown & Co., Boston,
$i Ml
"The Degeneration of Dorothy." Frank
Kiasella. G. W. Dillingham & Co., New
York. |1 SO.
"The Sword of Justice," Sheppard
Stevans. Little, Brown & Co., Boston,
1125.
"The Treasure Shop." Hezeklah Butter
worth. D. Appleton & Co., New York,
SI 50.
"The Heiress of the Season." Sir Wil
liam Magnay. D. Appleton & Co., New
York. »1.
"The Insect World." Clarence M. Weed.
D. Appleton & Co., New York. 60 cents.
"Johnnie." E. O. Laughlin. The Bowen-
Merrill Company, Indianapolis.
'A t the Wind's Will. " L. C. Moulton.
Little, Brown & Co.. Boston. $1 2..
"Mi:-ts of Fire." Coates Kenney. Rand,
MeN :•. ,v , , , Chicago.
"Worldly Wisdom of Chesterfield." W.
L. Sheppar.l. n. H. Russell, New York.
"The Story of Magellan," H. Butter
worth. D. Appleton & Co., New York.
"The Life and Death of Mr. Badman,"
John Bunyan. R. H. Russeil, New York.
"Illustr.itivf Notes on the International
Sunday-School Lessons, 1900." Jesse L.
Hurlbut and R. L. Doherty. Eaton A
Mains. New York. Jl 25.
"Winter Adventures of Three Boys in
the Great Lone Lands." Egerton R.
Young. Eaton & Mains. New York, fl 25.
"Enemies and Evidences of Chris
tianity." j. d. Quackenbos. Eaton &
Mains. New York, $1 f/>.
"Our Islands and Their People." part I
and part 11. The N. D. Thompson Pub
lishing Company, St. I>dul».
Some Homely
Little Songs
A book of verses by A. J. "tt'aterhouse
has Just been published under- the title
of "Some Homely Little bongs. " It will
certainly find a most welcome place
among all lovers of good • whole-soul
poesy, for Mr. Waterhouse is a writer
Who makes words subservient to the idea
and paints his pictures with th« greatest
delicacy and without effort. There is no
straining for literary effects, firework em
bellishments of great words and Involved
figures of speech. The style Is direct,
simple, and the thoughts conveyed strike
the sweetest chords on the human heart
strings. The title, "Homely Little Songs,"
is certainly most aptly chosen. The
wholesome sentiments of the book
throughout would seem to show that Its
author had been actuated by the thought
expressed in the first line of his poem,
"As I Would Believe:"
1 want to keep thinking that God's as true.
And the grays as green and the Fkies as blue.
A.« they v-".i to be when my life was jroaac
And the bird of th- morn to my pint "stuns;
I want to look out through my time-dimmed
eyes
To the ihJpa of mlst In the seas of skier,
And fe"l that th.- hand that guides them there
Win utill fur my faltering footsteps care.
For beautiful word-paintinc it would be
hard to find lines more sympathetically
artistic than the following on "How the
Flowers Grow":
Do you know, darling , how pansies crow?
God takfs the tints of the bunset glow.
The purple that floats in the mountain mist.
The blush of a maid by her love first kissed.
The blue that's aaleep In the midday skies
The brown that I love In my baby's eyes.
And He mingles them all in a flower: and so
That is the way that the pansies grow.
Do you know, darling, how lilies (trow?
God takes the soul of the beautiful snow
And molds It Into a chalice iml
Pure and wonderful, fair, complete:
Then he takes the gold of my baby's hair
And sets it amid the whiteness there.
As in night's white skies the bright stars glow
And that is the way that the lilies grow.
Po you know, darling, how roses grow?
Ah, that Is the strangest of all. I know;
For they are the fairest of all thing* fair.
The one perfect blossom, beyond com Dare:
Symbol of .sweetness and all loveliness —
God wished His children to comfort and bless.
And He wrote the thought in a flower; and so.
That is the way that the roses crow.
Here are verses that have the true
Christmas ring and jingle; moreover, they
are so strictly and refreshingly <"alifor
nlan. In fact, the book throughout is
filled with the healthy atmosphere of the
West and teeming with the piquant indi
viduality of its author:
Hey, there, little *trlß. who live In the Wtit,
And wer<» born here, you know, 'ctua* you
thoucht it was best.
Have you ever heard tell of the wc>n4«rful
r.a-f.
Where the frost makes of little girls' noses a
feast.
Where the snowbirds wear stocking* to warm
their poor tee*. . ... ___
And perhaps it's your finger, perhaps It a your
nose
That Is frozen, you know.
And your tear* wont flow
For they freeze Into Ice In your eye*. 08. on.
Have you ever heard tell .
You haven't? Well! Well!
New listen to me, and you'll know. Know,
know. t
Hey, there, little (Ms, you'll be '«tonl«hed to
That back in the East the rain !» Just "><>"'
And the poor little kittles all have to wear rur.
And their breath freeze! hard whenever tney
And Pf U the do(t» bark, that bark it will freeze.
And they u*e It. you know, to cover tne trees.
And Instead of •'Hello!'
Jleetln*. folks say. "1 know ■
That my earn both are frozen: they're frozen.
Oh 1 . Oh."
Had you ever heard tell"
You hadn't? Well! Well!
It really is time you should know. know. know.
Hey. there, little rirls, have you ever heard tell
How they hang their thermometer* out in th*
And the 'mercury drops, and It drops, and It
Till It reaches the water, and that's where It
ftops; ...
And they thaw little gtrl»-lf» » terrible
*k ' —
And melt them each day at Just four o'clock.
And the chilblains, you know.
They bite at your toe -«..««..
Till it Itches, and Itches, and Itches? Oh. Oh.
l">td you ever bear tell?
You didn't? Well! Well!
I'm really co glad now you know, know, know.
Hey. there, little «lrl»; the cyclones blow ther*.
And they take little children right up In the
And they twist them and whirl them around
and around ,
Till their pai>a» don't know them, supposing
they're found;
And sometimes they blow them clear up to the
■kjr,
And they never come back again! Never! Oh.
Would you Ilk* East to Jto?
Wn'lM you like !
You wouldn't. I know.
For I've tried it. myself, and Its dreadful. eh.
Oh!
Fo you hadn't heard fit?
You hadn't? Well! Well!
It wag certainly time you should know, know,
know.
The poem of patriotic bravery and death
is as old as the hills, and It Is a delicate
undertaking for almost any writer to
brinpr it to successful Issue. The follow
ing on "Bunner of 'Frisco" proves Mr.
Waterhouse fully equal to the occasion,
however. The humorous little touch In
the last verse makes the poem aim:
Bunner of 'Frisco— knew him well:
Queer little chap as ever you mrt;
Always lnsiitln' that war. was hell—
"Regular Hades it I*, you bet."
When there resounded the call "To ArmiT'
Bunner of 'Frisco wan first to ko;
Sailed to the field of «l«at!i and alarm*,
Always remarkin', "It's hell, you know."
Bunner of 'Frisco— a squad
Got where the "«;urus" wore fifty to on*.
Wholly surrounded, their summons to God
• -tin" with each crack of a savage's sun.
"Hoys." said the sergeant, "one. you know.
Must ko to the captain our case to tell.
Probably death for him— who will roT"
"I will," b.iys Bunner, "but war la hell.'!
Bunner of 'Frisco — up the hill.
While demons yelled, and over Its crest:
And the bullets sun;, and their sons was
shrill-
Now. Bunner of 'Frisco, now do your best!
Ha did It by Heaven! On and on,
Into the river where missile* hailed;
Wounded and staKgerin*. urowlmc wan.
Never a moment he halted or quailed.
Bunner of 'Frisco— lnto the camp.
Gory and dying. he staKgered, they »ajr.
Wiped- from his forehead th» ultimate damp.
Delivered hit message and fain- away.
He rpck« once train: "The boy« will b*
■avert"—
Slowly the word* from Ms aahen Hp« fell;
Turn*.l hi» dim «y«-» to wh*r« th« tin* »••-■••_
"Tin boy* will be ■aveil. but— war— war l»
hell."
.."•<' •••••
Bunn^r o? 'Krt.«co. I don't know
Whither you Journey, or whcr» you * '%
Past where the llfe-ti<lf>* ebf. »n<i flow.
There where th» wave* of Kterrliy lhlfr
Eut one thine I know, or I think I ri^.
You followed your duty through p*ln an<l wo»
And I i\i<*.tr. in the place that was kept t-rr
you.
Tou never will murmur. "It's hell, yoa
know."
» ♦ ■
Reminiscences of
the Old Bush
street Theater.
THE last remaining relic «f th«t oMen
days of the drama in this city has
vanished with the destruction by
fire «■: y© old Bush-strr**t Theater,
which was tho seen* of many Ions;.
successful and brilliant engage
ments, played by scores of people now
dead, forgotten or well to the front la
the theatrical world.
Many, varied and contradictory are th*
accounts to bo gathered of the origin anl
dates of successive managemer.is and en
gagements connected with the old thea
ter.
Th« Bush-street Theater, -..--.
called fIM Alhamhrn. was built on this
ride of tin- middle sixties, and was fir*:
under the management of William Smith,
who subsequently became th*> manager
Of the Standard in St. Louis. The "per.
ing attraction was the engagement of th«
ZavastowsM Sisters, in burlesque an 4 ex
travuganza. Later on it became the
home of the San Francisco minjtrels.
Backus. Birch and Wambold »>• ■ir.sr the
originators almost of minstrelsy in Cali
fornia.
"Buffalo Bill" was the Initial attras
tlon In the days of success, for following
this Leavitt amassed a fortune of a quar
ter of a million. Changed. indeed, was
the picture on his return to th« seen* of
his former triumphs, broken by ill-luck
nnd facing fresh reverses. Just here on<»
might recall the old-time rtama of the
theater, being a "hoodoo." singularly
carried out In the later fortunes of its
former managers, not one of whom pos
sesses to-day a dollar made within lta
walls.
C. K. Locke here Inaugurated his fam
ous "gift show." a slMght-of-hani feat
ure being tho golden thread upon which
was strung the- dazzling temptations of
"gifts." Incredibly expensive and as al
luring In their way as lottery tickets
were those "gifts." represented by j mirh
bagatelles a.-, a grand piano, a pair e,f
diamond earrings and sealskin *acque«.
Hut. alas, for this modern Aladdin, th*
rode arm of the law pounced down nn4
gathered up tho watches, sowing ma
chines, silk dres.-* pattern;*, silver dinner
sets and the whole glittTingparapherr.alla
of tho gay Goddes.s of Chance. Lock* was
quito a magician In his way— a sort ufCag
liostro of tho stage, transforming medio
cre opportunity into the flattering gold of
speculative success. He it was who heM
the "seventh charity" of the city in
hand, tho other six bring tik- -, up by
associate managers. Locke's "charity" •
blossomed out 111 the fhapo of a !>i?
"carnival." hold at the Pavilion— a "r'ar
niviil Qunrd." made up of young la'llos
drilled strictly a la rullitalrr. and who
distinguished themselves by receiving
General Grant, then on a visit to the city.
Locko always distinguished himself by
"blg ># things. This "carnival" was th©
biggest thing e\tr known hrre up to • -at
dato. as also was the "gift" show. After
this ho settled down to a long and pros
perous run at tho Bush. refuting it, es
pecially the boxes, which were done In
pretty Japanese effect. Ho was very lib
eral to his friends with these boxes, giv
ing carte blanche at the box offlco to
those whom he liked. Alice Gates opened
hero In "Pinafore." playing Ralf Rack
straw. Her engagement was a brilliant
ono. for the was then at her zenith—
charmingly bright and vivacious. For
nlno weeks the box office turned people
away, While Alice danced on the hearts
of the crowded spectators inside.
"She wed to wear such wickedly fas
cinating little boots with tassels." said
an old-timer. "Ah." with a sigh, "they
don't rnako such boots nowadays."
In tho Oates engagement Pauline Hall
and her sister made their debut In the
chorus. Afterward Kmlllo Melville held
the boards for'repeatcd triumphs. singing
in "Patience." "Robinson Crusoe." and
Christmas week. "Cinderella."
Then came Kate Castleton. with her
absurdly popular ditty of "For Goodness
Sake," etc. The following stars appeared
under this regime:
Xaje Salisbury, J. K. Emmett (Mrs. M.
B. Curtis taking the part of the old apple
woman In "Fritz," her first appearance
on any stage), Harrigan & Hnrt. Minni©
Maddcrn Fiske in "Caprice" •establish
ing herself as a favorite). Kiralfy In
"Eighty Around the World" <& mam
moth organization comprising 200 people
brought from the East at tremendous ex
pense. Billy Emerson's Minstrels. Oliver
Byron and Frank Fray tie. A short «-a
son of stock was played her© In the year
IS7S. James Herne being stage manager.
Among the company John Jennings play
ed old men, Esther Williams Juvenile.
Annlo Adams lead, whll© the famous
Maud, at 4 years of age. was the child oi
the company. She appeared in. "Across
th© Continent." as Dolores, the Italian
waif, and when she delivered th» lines "I
must put him on his guard." it may b«
safely hazarded that she has never since
received a more enthusiastic, thunderous
round of applause than then greeted her.
Over at the Baldwin Theater ah© had
earlier appeared as tho child in "The
Celebrated Case."
Vlck Roberts' "Humpty Dumpty" was
staged where while James Uerne was
stage manager. Herne, well known as a
prodigious practical Joker, exploited his
talent on tho bartender below stairs,
where iii those days a saloon formed the
enly approach to the stage Dark and
gloomy was this underground passage,
but it bounteously set forth the actor's
dream in the shape of a hot 15 cent lunch.
A stage-bomb, harmless enough in Its re
sults, was employed In the performance
of "Humpty Dumpty." but Herne con
ceived tho master thought of enlivening
matters below stairs by throwing a real
bomb into tho saloon, which exploded
with such excellent forco that It went the
bartender (a Dutchman) gasping with
fright somewhere in tho depths of his
casks and barrels hidden In the liar
After C. E. Locke'a managerial career
had terminated somewhat abruntlv V
B. Leavitt, together with Al Ha>rna n ;
took possession, but the latter very short
ly withdrew to go to the Baldwin. A lons
season tilled In by the unpleasant popu
larity of the Female Minstrels, had in
jured the prestige of the theator and
Lcavltt's management of affairs dJd not
mprovc the character of the resort dur-
Ing the course of Beveral seasons. At ,_..
however, by the engagement of Hoyt's
successes, he redeemed the reputation of
the theater in a great measure financially
and made for himself a solid fortune
After having given up the theater In '9i
he returned In 'SS to assume again it,
management, but only to chronicle h fail
ure. After a period of d| 3Us « the place
was reopened last October with a seatm
of six months of German comedy Ma
dame Fabbrl-Muller playing the leading
female roles. This Is but a "wash" draw
ing of tho life about the old theater I.
to its |
tho PulslnK fancy that once Illumined
its nob dismantled ruins, who caTever
catch more than a half-tone Impression?By Which Gate Did JesUs Enter?
D*. sch*ck cF jepusaTenv Reviews the
fysunrants Fci* »nd ASafyst the
H^Tda Gait fh^cyy and R^ach^S
*hs ConcTusfon That the Tpadftroir
Favoring xhs GoTd^n Gats Ts Up
h^Td by the Strongest svwence«
THR nues-tion of th<% particular *ratj
Through which Jesus entered J?ru
tc>m that rlrft Palm Sunday with
the people shotting around him
may Btom superfluous, for common
tradition has riatnrd th« Golden Gate.
But the Kuiser's visit to Jerusalem In the
erring of last year brought up another
vorvion. The HuMa Gate was mentioned
thea. ar.d It 1b high time to look into this
QUt-stlon ai:d determine the truth.
The Hulda Gate is the name that the
Jews of to-day five to the old temple pate
That lies at the foundation of the mosque
of a, i-;. ; but It 1> also known as the
double Rate. Jofephui tells us that there
were (rates on the south side of the tem
ple, and the Talmud rays th*re wer* two
Huida gates on th» couth. To-day there
axe two ».■.•«'•' In the southern wall, Mint
£25 feet apart.
Thl* #ate has been called the mole rate.
A mole works Into the earth, travels
underground and then comes up. Bo does
th'.s gate. In Solomon's time It was not
roofed over, but later when Herod en
closed the royal grounds In the temple
court he put a roof over It so it became
a kind of turnel from the outer wall to
the Inner court- At present the gates are
walled up on the outside. Because the
western pate wj»p double the name Hulda
wan later given to it alone, and not to the
eastern one.
Th«- Jews of a later period did rot like
the name with Its application to the mole,
•o they connected the name Hulda with
that of the prophetess who. they nay. was
the only f>r>« brides the kings to be bur>d
In the city proper, and that her tomb was
rear this gate, hence the name.
That Jesus itr.-l his disciples often pass
BRE AKING DOWN THE DOOR.
Pictun ue C rnony Introduced
c VIII and Indulge
.'it the World Wherever
Churches Exist, In com
n dt the Years Durlr
: hrist Lived on Earth.
Inn ushering In of the twentieth
Century Is «»f more importance to
the Catholic world from its sacred
a-tprct than any polltlenl or diplo
matic crM* which mlpht ocrur In
tha secular world. One of the roost solemn
etremoMi* in thf history of the church
v.iil be celebrated in all of the preat Cath
fil!e dliialosa of the world. beginning at
n'ion on i!'<* 24th day of December, which
!s the UjnnnlMf *»' t he New Year ot a ? 09 *
toisc hlrtory.
Pop* nor.if«ce VIII Instituted the cus
tom of brealdni down the door of the
Baxlllca of St. Petw's in Home, and aft«ir
vrnTi directed that the custom should be
r,bscrv«*<l at the b«*»;lnnlnK of each century.
in perpetuity. Since that time !t has b<-en
obrcrved only by the Jesuit fathers, but
the Jesuit church; of which the Holy
Father Is the head, ha* preserved this
ceremony nr.d It Is now carried out to the
utmost detail In all of the Jesuit churches
cf tl.e ■world.
The h"ly year begins with th« first ve?
p*rs of the feast of Christmas, which Is
f.rcd at the meridian of tho day preceding
Christmas, or what we commonly call
Christinas ev«\ and < very Jesuit church In
the vr.Al'i at that hour has Us holy door
• ralecj. The workmen are present and are
;.rc;>are<l ti receive the Cardinals, prt)-
Bta* ti.r<l :c:c9Cs who approach, awaiting
tho three ;ciouces of tha sllv«r mace. In
erder that the rroc* 8 " 1011 may paas
thrrur^i. IT!* Hoilrcs.i approaches th«
f-d through this pate may be accept*"! ns
certain, but that he entered there on
Palm Sunday is absolutely untenable. Not
one of the many pilgrims befor* an«l after
the crusade? mentions th'.s as the gate
through which Chris: entered Jerusalem;
Only of late has this Idea been suggested.
The Golden Gate J3 to b«* found In the
eastern wall of the present haram. or
court of the Mosque of Aksa. The lower
portion belongs to the period of the tem
pi*, whil* the upper part is Hyzantlne.
The top is Moslem. This. gate was made
ir.to a fortified tower. Like the other
temple gates It had a double entrance. It
has been built up by a wall for a long
time.
From time Immemortßl ha« this been
considered the one through which Jesus
entered and passed to the temple. Jeans
came from Bethany, whence 'here are
thre© paths to Jerusalem. The southern
most, the modern highroad, passes over
the lower ridge between the Mount of
<"•ffen.se and the Mount of Olives proper.
This Is the longest route. The second, the
middle path, leads directly over the sum
mit of the Mount of Olives, and then
southerly. The third and northernmost
path also parses over th<* heights. All
three pass by the present Garden of Getli
uemarie, and there run Into a single road.
The valley of the Kldron Is then traversed
by a bridge.
Now. according to Luke. "Jesus de
scended the Mount of Olives,*' which could
apply to the, northernmost or to the mid
dle road, and besides. "He saw the city
aad wept over It." which points to the
middle path. By the southern road littlo
could be s<en of the city, but .ill the. ex
tensive temnle bulldincs were visible.
coor, seizes a silver mace, raises it over
hi* head, strike-* ilie door thn times nt'J
Immediately from the other pl<le it is de
molished.
It Is not taken from Its hlnpcs: the lock
Is not broK<n; the door^snarbkeri^down;
there Is an aperture made and if this
aperture is lance enough to permit his
Hollnrs? to pass through he turn and
salutes his consorts, who full upon their
knees; then be l<-;ids tiie way through the
embrasure Into the cathedrals interior.
Immediately after the procession ha*
r<.i!»- l<oyond the door, or rather passed
ihrouKh the aperture which has been
made "by violence." the Pope returns and
with a silver trowel casts some lime upon
the Boor and then selecting three stones
which have been placed ready at his hand,
puts them in position, blesses the door*
the trowel, the lime and the stones, re-
Hssumes the head of the procession and
passes on. Immediately the door is re
sealed to await the coming of another
"Year of Jubilee," which is intended to
occur each twenty-flve years only.
The Pop« now proceeds to the altar,
where as the most devout penitent he
pets upon his knees. In the meantime
the dean of the College of Cardinals, fol
lowed by a retinue of prelates, parses on
through St. Peter's . and approaches th«
holy door of the Basilica of St. Paul's,
and there, representing the Pope, per
forms the lame ceremony. After these
tn*» c«remonte« are performed the Car
And. too., it must b<» remembered that
the path pursued by J.^sus did not lie far
from liethphage, which was on the east
ern declivity of the Mount of Ollv. 3. so
It was impossible for Jesus to have taken
the southern path. And it If Just as cer
tain that Jesus d!d go by the middle path
which jpassi directly over the ridge of
the Mount of Olive?.
As you come down from the mountain
you are directly In front of the Golden
Gate. This wculd have been the case na
matter by which path he had come from
Bethany. It was the nearest gate of the
city and Its threshold was only about
100 feet above the road along the gar-i«»n
of Gethsemane and the bridge, and but
725 feet away In an air line. Here, too.
the valley was at Its widest; here the
valley running from the northern side of
the city opened into the valley of Ki<"
ron, broadening the wnole valley. As a
result of this the path had to run along
a curved line.
Now the Golden Gate Is in the temple
wall, but at that time the city wall was
from 50 to C 5 feet outside of the wall of
the temple. Necessarily there must have
been .i gate In the city wall at this point,
but it was not a double, only a single
gate, like all the other city gates. After
Jesus had ridden through this gate and
approached, the temple pate, he had to
pot down from the ass; nor would he
have beer, permitted to ride through the
liulda sate. This caused a slight delay,
• luring which the accompanying multitude
crowded together, increased also by
others, especially children, who came out
of the neighboring houses that were built
between the two walls.
The rest of the city now heard the loud
mnaia piki priests retire to their ro.anoi'
tlvi basilicas and there perform the *itme
ceremony In private; that Is. they demol
ish and pas through a holy door of their
own. to their particular apartments. Alt
erward for a whole year these doors are
scaled and Impassable t<> all pilgrims anf*
all penitents. It Is only at the "Feast of
the Nativity" when a penitent may po*s
through, and then only with the blessing
and upon hi.- knees.
Accompanying the Holy Father and Im
mediately behind him Is the high peni
tentiary, who recta whatever shall be
done, who stands between the Pope and
the throng of people who are present to
witness th" ceremony.
It is particularly Interesting to know
that the churches of the Jesuit fathers
throughout '•''• United States have pre
served this custom with rigid directness,
and also that It has been made an annual
observance. "The Year of Jubilee," which
occurs every twenty-five years, at the
meridian of the, 2Uh day of December, is
with them an epoch. On such occasion*
a programme Is prepared, arrange
ments are made, and the peni
tents of the church are
bidden to be present
at the ceremony;
and it Is a
"Th* Pc«i Ne>\ArProc*o<r* to *h* AHar, Iffb«f»# ti» Ih* Mo»t D»vout^Pentt«nt, Ifi Ovts Upon H^» KYm^9»^
THE SUNDAY CALL.
cries of HcjsuTina; the people came to see
what It wa« all about an went into the
temple v.ith . i runs, This Is a reasona
ble and natural account of the ocour
rt-nce.
Hut if, on tli"i other hand, It ' - supposed
that Jesus entered by the 1 1 till!:; Bate.,
everything becomes unnatural and forced.
Even here the Kldrun Valley had to lv»
crossed. But It wan certainly easier there,
where It was not no deep, M lower down
whore it wav not only deeper but also
narrower and steeper. Sepp admits that
Jesus went by the southerly path but did
not ko an far as the Garden of Geth
semane, but turned off westward Into the
valley to shorten the route. A northerly
short cut would have led by the so-called
tomb of Absalom into th« valley to the
lower bride* But this road is very steep,
much steeper than that which led to the
Golden Gate. In fact, In order to ride
to the western suburb comfortably on the
a«s. so as to pass through Ophe', the
route had to be followed further In the
valley, as far as the Pool of Siloom. and
then an ascent of three hundred feet to
the threshold of the Hulda Gate had to
be rr.ado. Resides the road to the Golden
Gate was only one-fifth as lons as that
to the other gate..
Therefore there can be no doubt that
Jesus entered 1- the eastern Kate. All
subsequent historical notice • agree with
this idea.
That this eastern crate whs partially de
stroyed by the Romans Is proved by the
discovery of the ruins of the lower sec
tlon. It is possible that thin sate was
partially restored by Hadrian In the sec
ond century, but not probable. This em
peror's architectural achievements were
most solemn occasion. A procession Is
former! which is presided over by the
Archbishop, who has already delegated
• n<- of the fathers to represent the
J'ope. Behind him are the priests and
lesser dlßnltarU'H of the church and -
church and following them Is the
multitude of penitents. In the ut
most Plli-nce and with bowed heads
th«>y await the demolition of th«
door.
No one. not even the Arch
bishop, raises his head at this
time. Particles of the refuse
are, however, seized by each
person In paasins and de
voutly preserved. The cere
mony Is conducted In abso
lute silence and Is the moat
solemn occasion of the
Catholic year, as
well as one of
the most Im
pressive of
religious
rite*.
SQHE OLD IDEAS UPSET BY THE <*
KAISER'S VISIT TO JERUSALEM)
chiefly In the: rfty, not In the temple. The
real restoration of these gates only took
place later.
Th* l!ul<!a Gate wan rebuilt by Justin
lan In the sixth century, as we know from
an Inscription on a stone, used for It. The
gateway formed the foundation for his
Church of St. Mary. As to.t he Golden
Gate, In the year GG2. when Justinian died,
it had not been restored, for a little later,
between 570 and 100, Antonius Martyr saw
It still In ruins. He says: "From Geth-
Bemane we anconded many steps to the
gate of Jerusalem. This ga.te Is connected
with th.it once beautiful gate of the tem
ple, whose threshold and posts still stand."
Here we have mention of two separate
Rates; first the city {fate, of course, In the
city wall, and near It, but somewhat re
moved, were the ruins of the former tem
ple gate, which had been part of the tem
ple wall. The steps that he mentions are
those which had Keen long used by 'cot
travelers, leading directly from the valley
up to the pate from the south of the Oar
den of Gethsemane. This has nothing to
do with the path by which Jesus mad*
hie festal entrance into the temple.
A little later the Persians, under Cho«
roes, captured the city and destroyed
many buildings, especially churches,
among which wore those that had been
In the valley of Jehoiaphat (Kldron Val
ley). The eastern sate was Included in
this destruction. The Christian Em
poror Herarlius besieged the Per
sians and t\tered Jerusalem In 625
with th*
holy
cross,
which
had recovered. lie came In through'
this eastern pate. I think that Her
acllus, who wanted to rebuild (mm"
thing In Jerusalem, was the one
who undertook the reconstruction
of the Golden Gate on Its ancient
foundations, but according to a
new Byzantine plan. In this way
way It became a monument of
lilb victorious entry Into Jeru
salem and the bringing back of
the holy cross and at th« same
time a reminder of the for
mer entry of Christ. -
Baedeker assigns the re
building to the seventh oen
tury; others place It earlier
or later. Th.« monumental
building was. however,
never completed as It was
begun and partly carried
out. This would be tnex
pllcablo If Justinian had
been the rebullder. for
he certainly would
have finished it
But the Moham
med ana cap
tured the
city under
Omar Jn
©7. ©my enjrnt years aßer H«rAr!!n*' Of*"
umphal entry, when he had not m| m-«'
lshed the work of rebuilding. It wsi
never added to after that. In fact. OfXMO
had the entrance to the irnfe walled on» J
When. In JJS7. 6ala<lin captured th« cttyv
th« «ntrarce^ to the *at<» w«re once marls'
walled up. And so It ptanrf.l to this Cay. '
A watch should be wound up aver? fIX
at ths same hoar.
Avoid putting It en • marb 9 slab -u£
anything- excessively cold.
The cold also coag*
ulat*« the oil and
the pivots and
whe«l work
leas fre<i'jr
and
affect
the
r«gTi
lartty
of
the
tlme
keeplnv
910
HOW TO SET THE CHRISTMAS DINNER
Ccr>nsl:tfd. JS».
CHRISTMAS is peculiarly the season*
of entertaining and feasting. Pre
parations for Christmas joys and
pU .isurcs occupy the hearts and
nlr.fls of a vast majority of the people at
this feMlve reason, and as fresh as on the
rr.ornlrg of the birth of Him who was the
great founder and king of Christmas Is
the Christmas spirit that fills our hourts
•with the Christmas carols to which our
voices give utterance.
To the busy hous» keeper Christmas !s
n time not only of Joy but somewhat of
raro and ar.xicty *• well, fvr upon her
preparations for the gnat event of the
<*.ay— :?"• Onistmas dinner— depends a
great deal of the Christmas rnjoyim-ut.
r.r.t only of the members of h«*r house
hold but of the Kurs.s who ore bidden to
n'.t at her hospitable board on the king of
«*a>>. I haw thought it possible that I
:n!(C^t be cf some service to some of thesa
busy housewives at this busy season by
Kivlng them a few hints with regard to
the way In which they may make their
Christmas dinner tuble wear it most
pleasing and nttrartlvo Rarb, and llnd
the KTCatest amount of favor In the sight
of those Who gather around it. It Is
really remarkable how few people know
how to set a tuble to the best advantage,
und how to pnsent B'»od dishes and rare
wines In the manner which shall best dis
play their most meritorious qualities.
Among those epicureans who have m.i'.»
a study of the great art of dinner givln-;—
J«r no matter what any one else may tell
you the riving of dinners deserves to rank
lis a ilr.u art— there Is a wide difference of
opinion bs to how a perfect dinner may
be achieved. It goes without saying that
J>r!ght F:lver. dainty china, spotless linen
and a handsome table are sine qua. nons.
A good dinner thus served with genial
company is n delight. To give an elegant
ChriMmas dinner first l«-arn how to set
me table. A round tab!<« is always pref
erable to a square one. because It brings
guests Into closer and more lnt'mate re
latic.i.ship with each other. It was be
cause they *nt at a round table and thus
}-.Md their intellects so stimulated by com
jng Into such close contact with each
other that King Arthur and his Knights
of the round ta'>le were the epitome, of
the wit and wisdom or that day. If.
however, pour room Is too small to admit
of a round table, then you will have to be
tatlsfkd with the ordinary oblong one of
the. familiar "extension" pattern, so com
mon lo every household. It Is true, that
th«T«* nre some women in New York so
ciety who decline to abandon the old
fashioned, long, narrow table Cor one of
the round type, but most c»f these have
porae. special reason for clinging to the
old style table. In the Asior family th<-re
Is a gold dinner F«*t which is best dis
played on the old-f.shioncd. long, narrow
ta.h!o, and then fore, if you dine with Mr«.
Astor t-he will set you down to a tnbio of
that kind. A«i oblong table has the call
!n the Holmont household, and t!»e dinner
<lponr:j.tions me of «.u<h a character as to
ever, more strongly mark its form.
I^ct me mv. Jirt-t of all. that flowers
are an Jndzsocnsable accompaniment of
ovcry good ditun r. No matter how poor
the room or h'.w humble the board In
which and on which the meal Is served;
no matter how coarse the viands or how
poorly cooked or Indifferently served: no
matter whether In tho humble home of i»ie
mechanic OX tho stately palace of the ml
iioraire, flowers add a zest and an .ip
pftairg quality lo th" m«al that nothing
♦■ls« can give. The bunch of wild (lowers
on the liuaM* table Jn the hut of tne
poorest peasant are. ns beautiful and as
appropriate as th<- rarest orchids on the
Corff'ous table <'f tho man of wealth.
For the flowers and for your guests islso
df> rot have thf Christmas dining-room
100 3iot. Better a trifle cool than a decree
ton werm. First place a thi«-k flannel
cloOi on your table to deaden the sound of
th* dlshc*. Next lay a cloth of snowy
white damask. Let this bear your family
crest or coat of arms. A beautiful effect
in produced by placing over this white
cloth another of satin of whatever color
you may 5 aye selected as the dominant
«ir.« for the table and room decoration.
Over this tatln cloth thTe is elaborci*
*mbroldrry «mi lace. Tlie table Bovti
must orr*"-;.' ml with the dominant color
*el*>fted ar.ci should be contained In a
J«rpe va*»» Jr. the tenter, not high enough
to obstruct the view across th*> table. If
It extend to within ten Inches of the inner
♦•<3gv of tho plates St is quite large enough.
Bouquets may be placed ut each end and
n very handsome effect produced by
decorating the chandelier. Corsage fcou
qucts for the ladies should be placed In
front of Jhe plates at the right hand, the
name, cards being laid on th*> napkin and
the mean cards at the right of the plate,
whU«» tho gentlemen's boutonnleres are
laM nn the napkin with th#» namo cants.
Pot >our handsomest plates or first, as
they remain till the soup is removed.
Place your gutsts at least two foot ap.:rt.
Let the covers be laid equidistant from
«>.ach other. Kxtra silver and china must
I ■ en a side table in charge of tho hm
ler. A very handsome appearance will be
given to your Christmas dinner table Sy
having a decanter filled with claret or
*h*>rry wine placed nt c;.ch of the four
comers. I/Ct tli^so dfcantT? be of ciit
Klnss overlaid with silver, and itmrm'cr
That no rlasp. no mattrr what »t contains;
should «ver be more thmi three-quarters
full.
To the left o.* earn plate place two
dinner forks and an oyster fork, whose
prcngs should rest on the edge of the
plate. Place a dinner knife and a soup
ppooti on the right, where the glasses
should also lw» sirranged. Next to the
plate, is the water glat-s. the glasses for
otlvr drinkables coining n<*\t. A dinner
bread roll is Inclosed In tho cover fold of
the largo damat-k napkin which bears the
monogram of the dinner-giver. When
taken from the napkin the roll should b«
placod at the left of the plat**.
Olives and salted almonds, to bo served
nftor tho soup, should be placed on sir
rJlvcr Khellß. three on caet ■ Ms of the
tablr. Candelabra, with dlored satin or
flower shades, fhould be placed ut each
end. Several dishes containing cakes,
marron places at.d fruit glaces may l«s
used with advantage, nnd on cither Fide
cf the centerpiece place dishes of favors
for tho ladies, selected in accordance with
the. taste and fancy of the Christmas
dlnncr-Klvcr.
On the tablo place Fix or eight hand
pome salt cellars, two quests helping
themselves from one. Last of all come,
the. flnser-bowls. which are not put on
till after the ices and .... con
clude the repast. The handsomer thesi
bowls the bettor. They may be of fine.
cut-slays, enamel ware, silver or oven
Fold. Fine embroidered doilies are placed
on handsome d<ss«-rt plates and the
flriger-bowis placed upon them.
of course the plates nro changed after
roup and with each coun>2. If you are
poljijj to have servants to wait at your
«'hristmas dinner tahle, remember that
two men cannot proprriy wait upon more
thati eight or ten. and that for more than
twelve and up to sixteen or eighteen there
rhould be at least four.
With the old-time table of polished ma
hogajiy or oak the cloth was removed be
fore the bringing on of the fruits and
r.iff«-#>. which were served on the bare,
table. This Is never done now. Through
cut the entire dlnnrr the same cloth re
znaina upon the beard. It is essential to
the Christmas dinner that servants should
be well trained anil obey every order of
the butler. A master or mistress must
never speak to a servant during dinner,
and the servant! must be as silent as
Trapplsts, wearing light shoes that cannot
creak, and if they have a napkin instead
of gloves their hands must be perfectly
clean. They should have their "beats"
like policemen, one beginning at the
guest nt his master's right. If there are
only two servants, at.d ending with the
lady of the house; the other should bt gin
with the guest on the right of his mis
tress and end with the master.
The lighting for the Christmas dinner Is.
a very Important consideration. I.igM Is
positively nec«<*ury to «!iK«Mion. and no
party can be <ln-erful althout it. It is
difficult to have 100 much light, bin th*
lights mur; be carefully arranjc-li for a
mere glare becomes painful. The great
object is to threw as much light as pos
sible on the tablo and .lust enough on the
faces of the guests. Lighting •' Til t.H'
walla Is apt to throw the Ijttor into the
s!::i<v. and a chandelier in tr.c middle
must be hung very low to do iu<t!co to
llie former. The dining-room must be. of
course, carpeted <". • n In the heat of sum
mer, no matter how handsome or orna
mental the lloor. to dvaden the sound of
the servants' feet.
And now, tiar!ng told you how to pet
the Christmas dinner table, the «?rcat
question arises. Whom shail you |:iv!te to
tat Christinas dinner with you? The chief
l>olnt is to Invite men and women— an
equal number of both, of coarse— who can
talk. 1 ■;. th'.s I do not moan your rapid
ut'erers of small talk, who can coin more
pretty nonsense In half an hour than your
modern novelist in a month, but nun v. ho,
having por.e through the world and tamed
their Pegasus with the curb of experience,
not fceir.fr bound. Mazeppa-like, on the
back of Borne wretched hobby, can gallop
smoothly over the themes .that life and
the newspapers supply, to wit. men who
view life calmly from the helßht to
which they have climbed without
prejudice and without awe, and
women who are capable of un
derstanding and answering
such nun a," these. In choos
inp: puests for your Christ
mas dinner be careful to
avoid the cater, be he
a gourmand or a
gourmet— both the al
derman whose mott
Is Quantity, and the
♦ plcure who crirs
for quality. If
such men tnlk
at all. it is
only of cat-
Ing, arid if
you do not
feed them
with such
s p c Hal
dalnt!< s
as the;.
""'v for
their grat
Itude
Bhowa it
self in
Nicer* at
your hospl
tain > ■ h. n
they Cine out
nrx;. Wits
nls-o. ar.il men
who think them
i e l y o i rach
sliouM never lie
nhk< •■'. singly, for
they Will -nsjross
conversation and sll
rnro tlio r«»st of the
<ompany. Whon aFk»'d
in numbers they Uoop one
another .;(,::. lutumis. The
number of rihMs to he invited
to The Christmas dinner Is often
a Dealt) People (md it more
economical to j;lvc lnrßo Christmas
dinner!" than 'mall <>i>< and therefore
Ko on doing ho In solemn grandeur. But
the brst «iinnt'r.«. Christmas or otherwise.
nre those where all the quests join in a
conversation to which the host, within
hearing of all, can give the proper lead.
C. HANHOFRR.
Chef of Delmonlco's. New York.
Jiow to Corn.
Carving can be made a line art by any
one who takes some pains to quire it.
It needs, in the. first place, ■ little
knowledge of the anatomy of the bird
or section of the animal served up.
A saddle of mutton should be ( arved In
long slices, half lean, half fat. A cut
should be made down the whole length
parallel w.ith the backbone, and slices cut
diagonally lrom the center of the back
to the end ot the rib*.
A shoulder of mutton Is as easy to
manipulate, once the right side to cut is
decided on; this can easily be ascertained
by ring where the fork goes through
on the forepart, th.- meat being then cut
in rather thick pieces. The under or in
side should be carved In thinner slices
lengthwise.
A Firloin of beef having two qualities
requires different treatment, the upper
part being cut lengthways with the rib,
the undercut being sliced across. Some
very delicate fat will be found at the end
of the undercut, a tiny portion of which
should accompany • eh helping.
It is usual to carve tho undercut before,
commencing the upper side, and th" slices,
though cut thinly, should be less BO than
those from the top. Cut right down to the
bone very straight, leaving no holes or
ridges, a portion of the streaky fat, or
thin end, being given with the meat from
the upper side.
A loin of veal should be cut across
through tho thick part In very thin slice*,
and a small piece of the Kidney and its
fat should be sent to those who like it.
The fillet is carved in thin slices horl
zontally, like a round of heef. When
carving a tongue cut straight through
the thickest part, leaving, however. Just
nifßclent to keep the two parts together.
The slice* sh 'iild not be too thin, and of
a «redg« shape. A ham should be cut
from the knuckle end (which should be
turned to tha carver's left hand). In thin
sh< ■'■<. s!cpi»,g toward the right.
The carving of a fowl Is not quite such
an easy matter, and a certain amount of
prar;: Ired before complete suc
j'i be obtained. Insert the fork Into
the broast of the bird and pass the knifo
•i Lhe legs and the body, pressing
ill*" former outward and dividing the
Joints.
X xt cut along the breast, a lit!'.
?!!•• of tin* white
n each -i'l- of the breastl m
cut down until the joint is reached and
rr the wi.i~-. Now remove the
ry-thought bj inserting the Iti I
eostbone sloping it outward and < vi
I Uces oi ■ ■ h -itrii! bone
in carving ■ capon a succession of Blices
must be cut from the breast, taking the
llrst slice from near the wing.
Requested Receipts.
MINT BOWLr-Tnto a large punch
howl empty a quart of Reislinß trine and
a quart of light claret. Bruise a handful
of mint with four tablespoonsful of
sugar and stir Into the vyine. Add a large
lump of Ice and a quart of seltzer. Serve
Immediately.
COCOANUT CREAM— To the
braten whites of three eggs
add one cupful of milk
and rook In a
double boiler
until thick.
Soak a
half
box
of gel
atine in a
half cup of
water. Add to
the custard and take
from the utove. Stir in
live tablespuoufuls of sugar un
til dissolved, and strain. Add one cup
ful of grated rocoanut. one tcaspoonful
of vanila. and let stand until beginning to
set. Beat in one cupful of whipped cream,
pour into ■ mold and set on Ice. Serve
with whipped cream.
ASPARAOUB BOITP stoam the tips
from one bunch of asparagus until tender;
the stalks and stew th. ni m one
pint of water until very tender, then
press through a sieve. Put in a ■! tuble
boiler ono quart of milk and (too table
si nfula of butter mixed with thn
flour; add ti;.' asparagus pulp and Ups;
seasoi ■
CLAM FITTERS— To a cupful of clam
fritters add the same amount of mi'k.
tlin-o <- Sf ;s and saottgh BoUT to mako a
thin battor. Beacop with salt and pepper.
ciiop the clams tin.- and add to the mix
turo Drop by spoonfuls into smoking hot
d fry a light brown.
STRAWBERRY BLANC IfAKOE-
Your description la aot rery accurate, but
I irrnf;i!!.> this la what you moan: Make
a cornstarch blanc nasnje and turn in a
rlnp mold. U'hi-n ooM loosen and put on
a Bat ilish and till the center with
s-.i-rrirr.. «1 Strawberries. Set on Ice and
serve with whipp. d cream
POTATO OMELBT-Orata four mealy
boiled potatoi s sdd the yolks of three
eggs, three tablespoonfuls of milk, salt,
peppe. and a tablespoonful of chopped
parriey. AjM the stiffly beaten white- and
turn int.. a hot. well greased pan. Cook
like any oth*»r omelet.
OYSTER PI«ANT RALLS-After pre
paring the roots carefully cook ui;til ten
der. Run through a itieve and put la a.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
C.RANHOFED,
saucepan with one egg. stir until thick.
•i with salt and pepper. When cold
roll Into little balls, « • in egg and bread
crumbs and fry In hot fat.
BAKED LOBSTER— Put the chopped
lobster in a baking dish, alternating v/ith
bread crumbs, seasoning each layer with
salt, pepper and butter. Add one cupful
of hot water slowly. '.">rinkle with bread
crumbs and bak? In a slow oven.
CHUTNEY BAUCE— PeeI and slice
twelve ripe tomatoes. Add to them two
green peppers which have been chopped
line. Seed and chop one cupful of rai-ms,
chop two onions and shred half an ounce
of dried gini > all to the tomatoes.
Mi\ and .'.cv two tablespoonfuls each of
salt a ■ and one cupful of vlne
gar Boil elowi? for two hours. Seal in
a IS.
PEANUT CANDY lucepan put
■ ..at cupful of
■ • , :ul of vine
• :.f-halt teaepoonful of powdered
gum arable; boll until when tried in water
it la brittle, li.-.s.- * *»*] buttered dish
tilled with shelled peanuts, POUT over the
syrup, and when COO] mark In squares.
LOBSTER CROQUETTES— Put one ta
blespoonful of buitor In a saucepan and
set on tin* stove; when molted add tWO
tablespoi nfuls of chopped onion and one
teaspoonful of bruised garlic; cook, but
do not brown, for Bye minutes; add one
heaping tablespoonful of flour and stir
three minutrs; add one cupful of water
nml cook until smooth. Add ono cupful
of mushrooms chopped fine, one pint of
coked lobster chopped fine, one level tea
spoonful of dry mustard, one of chopped
parsley, s»2i and pepper to taste; coo*
for ten minutes. Add the volka of throe
egga and the white O f one. one spoonful
Of cream; mix thoroughly arnl set ill a
cool place. When cold shapi In cylinder
shaped croquettes and fry in hot fat.
Serve with a cream saurp.
PEAt'H DUMPLINGS— Btlr one tahlo
spoonful of nutter and two of nugar to a
cream; add three eggs well beaten, one
half teaspoonful of salt, one tablespoonful
of grated lemon peels and two cupfuls of
bread crumbs dampened with a little
milk and ten pea< !.• - . hopped fine. Mix
well and drop by spoonfuls into boiling
water in which has been put a little salt
and a small piece of butter. When done
put In a hot dish and serve with a wine
sauce.
CHEESE RAMEQUINS— Into a sauce
pan put four tablespoonfuls of butter
and one-half a cupful of water; when
boiling add one cupful of flour, a 11 1 1 c
salt and paprika; cook mtll the
mixture leaves the sido of tho pun. Take
from stove, turn into a mixing jowl and
beal in three tablespoonfula of grated
Parmesan cheese; thee heat In, one at a
tim.\ tWO eggs. Lire a thick pan wuh
il .sheets of paper and drop the
mixture by spoonful*, carclully shaping
each one. Brush over the top of each
one with rgg and milk. Bake flfteon
minutes and serve hot.
PEACH SALAD-Peel and cut fine
flavored peaches Into quarters, cover
with thoroughly chilled chcjnpagne.
sprinkle with rose petals and :.erve at
once.
COFFEE CHARLOTTE KUSSE— To
one pint of whipped cream add one-quar
ter of a box of dissolved gelatin and
four tablespoonfuls of powdered sugar;
add three tablespoonfuls of strong coffee.
Line a mold with slices of angel cake
and when the mixture begins to thicken
pour It in. Set in a cold place until
wanted.
CORN" PrDDING-Either 'resh or
canned '■orn can be used for tals pud
ding. With a sharp knife remove the
pulp from one dozen tars of corn; add
the yolks of four eggs, season .ith salt
and pepper; add one pint of milk, mix
thoroughly and stir in the beaten whites.
Butter a pudding dish, pour in the mix
ture and bake one hour in a slow oven
BANANA AND PINEAPPLE PUD
DING—Cut any stale cake into thin
■Uces, put in a pu.lding dish witn a!
ternat« layers of pineapple and bananas.
Pour over all a soft custard flavored
with wine, cover the top with the braten
Whites of tno cg X «, to which ha.-.
added two tablespoonfula of powdered
sugar, run In the oven for a few minuua
until the -hk is a light brown.
CRANBERRY PRAPPE-Cook one
quart of cranberries in one pint of water
for six minute. : strain through a i
cloth, add on^ pint of susar and stir un
til the nucur is dissolved; take from
Ftove and when cold add the juice of two
lemons, turn into a freezer and frrez*?
Serve In glasi <-ups just after the turkey.
FEAST BUNS— Bring one ptni of rr.:ik
to a boil; add twottahlespoonfuLi
of butter and take from
■ tove; When lukewarm
ad'l
h h.:s
i l] 1 «;.
a lit-
t 1 c
water.
two egc3
well beat *» !i.
nn.i enough flour
to make a soft
dough: knead lightly ?nd
let stand over night. Wnon
light pinch off small pieces, form into
buns and put in a baking par. where they
cannot toucli one another. Let stand In
a warm place until very light, then iiak'^
fifteen minutes in a quick oven. When
done brush the top with a mixture Of
white of <■£>:. a little sugar an>l some
milk: put back in oven until the] an
golden brown.
JELLIED APPLES— PeeI and core firm,
tart apples; put them In a dish and rover
with water, adding i unou it of
sugar; cook slowly until the appli
tender; remove them carefully and bring
the liquid left from thorn to a boll; add a
tablespoonful of gelatin Which has been
dissolved In water: when well
mixed pour over tho apples an. l .-. t on
fee. Serve when very cold with whipped
cream.
CORNMEAL IIUBH-To oach quart of
boiling water allow half a teaspo infill of
salt: take the cupful of cornmeal in tho
loft hand and sprinkle it in carefully, stir
ring all the timo: when the meal quits
sinking do not add any moro; sot the
saucepan on tho hack of the stove and
cook slowly for two hours.
OYSTER PIE- Butter the sides of a
pudding dish ami lin > with a rtch
rub two tablespoonfuls of butter with two
of flour to a croam; put a layer of oysters
in the dish, drop small bits of the batter
and flour mixture hero and there, sprinkle
with sr.it and pepper; repeat until the dish
|g tilled. I'our over enough oyster liquor
to cover the oysters, cover th» to;> with
rich crust, and bake a light brown. Serve
hot.
One of my readers wrote for a recipe
for tamalcs. I have not been able to pet a
good one. but hope to have one by next
week.
■♦ ■ ■
Sntrees.
CHICKEN TERRAPIN WITH RICE—
Chop the meat of one chicken rather fine.
Into a saucepan put three tablespoonfuls
of butter, and when It molts add two
tablespoonfuls of (lour: stir and rook ror
tWO minutes, thrn ad«l on»» CUpfUl oi
cream; simmer until it tha-kms. AiM the
chopped chicken and one par boiled sweet*
bread chopped fine, cook slowly for lift on
minutes. When ready to sem brat the
yolks of two eggs to a rrram with two
tablespoonfuls of milk arid add to the
Ftow; u<iii one wlnegiassful of sherry, *ar
nlsta with boiled ri< ■»» and serve.
BPAOHETT] WITH TOMATOBAUCE
Break one pcund of spaghetti and
with boiling water; add one teaspoonful
of salt and boll one-half hour or until
soft. Melt one tablespoonful ol t>t; •
a saucepan; add one I aful of
• ■hipped onion and one of chopped groon
pepper. COOK tlve minute
a can of tOI nful of s»u
gar, salt and pepper to (astc and h
for twenty minutes. When th< Spaghetti
Is i]"i:<» take from BtOVe, tin Into a COlan<
•l.r ami drain. Batter s pudding
well, put in a layer of ipagheti
of t hi tomato mixture, some jrr.tt. ! I'.ir
biesai md so on until ih* dish is
full. Sprinkle the top with < he*se. put
in the oven and m;«ke hnt. *fr\,- \m\
at?lv.
The following recipes nr? for th» MC
ond course of entrees and arc various
kind* of fritters and compotes-
COMPOTE OF PEACHES quar
ter and move the stones from twelve
ripe Peaches; Into a MUC «Pan n»t two
cupfuls of cold water and oie of ninr:
/* )Oil , one minute, skim and add the
fro^Th H° nk for tivV nainut. «'^nS
from the bottom to prevent th^m break
ing: skim the fruit out carefully and
Place In a pla.** dish; boll the "syrup
live minutes loncer. add one-half
a cupful of white wine and pour
over the peaches
- COMPOTE ■ 'C ORANGES
Peel and slice cl K ht fresh
oranges, arrange the fruit
In layers In a dish,
sprinkling each with
sugar; add another
layer nf fruit and
one of sugar; re
peat until the
dish Is filled.
Allow to stand
for an hour,
then d r ain
off the syr
up Into a
saucepan,
add the
Juice .»f
1 lemon
and
v t es ;
take
from the.
etove and
then pour
over the or
anges when
cool.
COMPOTE OP
GOOSE HER
RIES — Prepare
th*» berries ami
wash well; put
them In a paucepan
and cover with water
and bol 1 until they arc
tender. Drain them and
put In a dish. 801 l one
cupful of BUgar and one of
water until II looks thick;
take from the stove and add
one-half a cupful of white wine,
and when cold turn over the berries.
BATTER FOR FRITTKRS— Beat the
yolks of two fCP" well and add them to
one cupful of milk and one-half a tea
spoonful of melted butter. Add two cup
fu!s of flour by degrees, beat thoroughly
and when ready to use add the beaten
whites.
APPLE ITKITTERB Slice tho apples a
quarter of :ui Inch ttilik; add to tl ■
•.•• cupful of su^.ir. il!|> th-- si
apple in It and fry in butter and lard.
browning on both \.- with ;i
■o. Any Other fruit n>
manner and served with
tuce pri (• rred.
Meats and Sxtras.
There Booms to be an unwritten law
that certain things belong together and
are expected to be served together. That
this meat and that vegetable, or this
sauce with that kind of flab, nnd so on
down the list. Meat la the foundation of
a dinner and vcßetablos. sauces. Jellies,
preserves and relishes the different stones
which help to make the whole complete.
With roast beef— Spiced fruit, cranberry
sauce, spinach, cauliflower or daintily
cooked cabbage.
"With roast mutton— Currant Jelly, rice,
caper sauce, gravy.
With broiled mutton chops— Rice, to
mato sauce, peas.
With boOed mutton— Caper sauce, boiled
rice, stew:-d turnips, currant jelly.
With roast lamb— Mint sauce, rice. peas.
With boiled beef— Turnips, carrots, cur
rant Jelly, mustard.
With broiled beefsteak— Maitre d'hotel
butter, peal and :.i,.v jolly or preserve.
With roast veal— Mushroom sauce,
baked tomatoes, creamed onions, rice cro
quettes.
With roast pork— Apple sauce, beans,
turnips.
With fried chicken— Cream gravy, tar
tar nance, peas, currants.
With boiled fowls— Cranberry sauce, ap
ple or currant jelly, peas.
With roast turkey— Cranberry sauce,
currant jelly, rice and stewed celery.
With roast goose— sauce, cran
berry sauce, browned turnips r.nd so it*
kind of Jelly.
With roast -Apple jelly, cranberry
Jelly, celery, turnips.
With roast venison and wild duck— Sour
jrrape jelly. currant jelly. browned
turnips.
With roast wild Roose— Mushroom sauce,
celery, apple sauce, macaroni.
With roast Rrousc— Apple or currant
Jelly, rice, peas.
With brown stews— Dumplings, »tewed
carrots. Jelly.
With deviled oysters, creamed -fish or
clams served en coqullle serv« with
cucumber sauce arid bread.
With baked fish— Drawn butter. Hol
la ndalse Bauc«*. -pi.-^d Rrapcs. cucumbers.
With boiled fish— Tartare sauce, tomato
sauce, maltro d'hotel butter, stewed
cucumbers.
With fried fish- Tomato sa:: • t '•
eurrante, lemon, eucuMbera.
With ho 1 1 e<i flab— Toami I 'art*r»
■auce, plain but • piqnante.
with fi-h eioaueUee HoUamdaJee tauc*.
potato halls.
With broiled mackerel -rornmeai mush
hied.
With. beef's heart— String beans, currant
jelly, parsnip fritters.
With smrlts— Sauce tartare.
With jugged rabbit— Onions, carrots.
stuffed potatoes, tomatoes.
With panned chicken— cream mushroom
satire, muffins or waffles.
With kidney— Bacon, either broll'd or
fried. Is served.
With cold meat*— spiced fruit, soy.
jellies, catsups, salads?
Jhings to Know.
PARK OF THR PISHCLOTH-A* th«
dishcloth Is nn Important factor In the
kitchen. great care should be taken to
keep It clean and most of all to Its use.
Germs of all descriptions Irrige In a
greasy dishcloth and many physicians say
that diphtheria has been known to start
from Just this cause It Is b.;st to have
the cloths well ■ .-hr.i after using. Many
servants do no! take th* time or willfully
neglect to do this and It It best to watch
and see that fresh cloths arc used as often
as are th tea towels.
SALT TO CLEAN WITH -In order to
remove t\» gummy black that sometime*
gathers on lamp <'hlmri' • rub salt on
wit!' a dry cloth.
USB OF KEROSENE ; Mls one
Of the purest and most effective agents
for cleaning the crease and prime from
kitchen nails. If it litti Is put In nom*»
lukewarm water It Is every bit as Rood
as hot water and soap and docs away
with half the labor of dishwashing. At
first it stems outlandish to put this 11!
■melllng stuff on the dishes, but If one
stops tiru! considers that the odor cannot
stay ori a glazrd surface any length of
time and then uses the kerosene a few
times. th»» dishwater will never be with*
out It. It completely purities porcelain
and other dazed wares.
TO SOFTEN* HARD WATKR -Rolling
will soften water, but to soften without
boiling drop in the bucket a piece of
chalk, quantity you desire, as It Is harm
lee*. In a. short time the water will b«
quito soft.
PUTRID WATKR— When water smells
bad it is always well to put In a lump of
charcoal and a largo one at that.
TO POLISH JAPANNED WARE— In
order to Rive a tray a n^w look polbh
with a llttl« powdered whiting or a little
Hour, being careful not to scratch the
varnish, Hub with a soft cloth to get the
flour off.
RUST ON* BTOVEB Store In use sel
dom gets rusty, but one wMch has been
put away for the Bummer Is apt to and
the only preventive Is to rub often with
kerosene.
TO POLISH KNIVES-Th* housekeep
ers who use steel knives tlnd it very dif
ficult to ktep them clean, that la, free
from rust, especially if they are not used
often. The l<e»t way to treat them Is to
rub them with sweet oil before putting
them away, and then carefully wrap
tin In a soft cloth.
ABOUT STOVES-To keep otoves look-
Ing bright and clean they must be rubbed
every day. When using th* polish if a
little turpentine Is mixed with It. it will
prevent rust and make the stove look like
new.
BRASS KETTLES-To prevent verdi
gris mix salt with vinegar and bring to
a boll: then wash the kettle with It. dry
and polish with wood ashes. Wash again
and the kettle is ready for use.
TO CLEAN* TINS In washing tins add
ammonia to the water, rinse well and dry
thoroughly.
TO PURIFY JARS— Make a strong so
lution of soda and water, heat and fill th«
Jars, letting It stand until the Jar is per
fectly clean.
TO PREVENT ANTS-Cayenne pepper
blown Into crevkes where ants are seen
will drive them away, and also any m!ca
that want to come In.
WALL PAPER should be cleaned by
brushing with a broom, on which has been
tied a soft, clean cloth. After wiping
down rub lightly with slices of stale
bread.
TO THICKEN LIQUIDS-In adding
cornstarch, flour or any starchy material
to hot liquids, first mix with cold water.
making a smooth paste, then add enough
water to make It thin enough to run: pour
It slowly into the hot mlxturo and stir
until perfectly clear.
TO ADD 800 TO .SAUCES- When
sauces are to be thickened with eggs It
Is better to cook th« sauce In a double
boiler. Do not boll, but Just bring to tho
boiling point.
TO SEASON' MEATS-Ncvcr season
meats when r.i,. as it causes them to
harden. win roasting or* boiling, salt
when partly cooked or when beginning to
get tender.
TO ADD FLAVORING [■ making
blanc manges, custards and all dishes of
that kind, add the flavoring last, other
wise !t will pass off In the boiling.
TO BROWN FLOUR I the bottom
of a pie plate with enough sifted flour to
be an Inch deep. Place in a moderate
oven and stir frequently until the flour I*
a light brown. When cool put Into glass
Jars which l have a rubber top and close
tightly. I. lour kepi la this manner Till
keep indefinitely and always be ready for
TO CLEAN* CURRANTS-Put the cur
rants In ■ pan and snrlnklo thickly with
flour: rub them between the hands until
the stems arc rubbed off: set them in a
colander and !ct water run through lift-
Ing constantly so as to let in the grtt
pass out. Drain well and dry In a towel
then out on a pan and set In tho oven'
stirring often. Too hot an oven will mak«
them hard, so it is always safer to dry
them it. the sun.
TO SKIM BAUCES-T0 skim sauce, or
gravies draw the sauce pan to one sfdo
or the stove, drop in a spoonful of cold
water: the grease will rise to the top and
then can be easily skimmed off
TO PREVENT OURDLING-When
adding tomatoes to milk or cream heat
them and then ad. l a pinch of soda. This
will prevent curdling.
TO REMOVE THE ODOR OF ONIONS
-Put In the kettle or saucepan «om«
wood ashes or soda and flu with water
Let the water boll'and then waah
boil f" r
mm-" tcThe Love Story of Julia Marlowe and Robert Taber
TITE Ideal lor« rtory of th« player
people** world la spoiled at lait.
Robert Tab«r and Julia Marlowe
the Romeo and Jnllet of th« decade
are about to be legally divorced
It «tm not much more than luUf a dozen
>>ar« Ago that the prettiest of »ta*« ro
•:.ar.rri began. Miss Marlowe was then
la th« muter of her new success, and her
•yes w*re t>ri K ht with The brtirhtnefs of
ich isay«J and Robert Taber thought her
:h« Jovr!lrjit creature that he had ever
■ ■'•n In his life.
her rorapany when she whs
una«r thft msfinKt-mcnt ..f Fred Pt'n-
Ti;cre in a \\n\m slory afloat to th«
.....t ih;a Tnb^r went to a perform
anw Riven by Mlm Marlowe one r.lj;ht
ar.d mw th'.s younif. really younit. Juliet
• I C.c first tlm». The Ant thing that
occorred to him Tva« that h- lnved that
diet: the wns that h ■ h d
that Rom** "He shan't have :nanv more
k^r.ces to hover unrt»r the balcony If I
< -.«m h.-!p II,"' J£ I" *nld the jrcen-cyed
}. i rt v«»»<hV "Wants to In- tht> jriove
upon \w: hand, • :■: ■ ■ None of that.
>*<>ung mat:!" he muttered more wrath
fully and ri"> rely a« the act w«nt on.
A very Kho i ::v - afterward Manager
Ftlnson cnti&w\ Robert Ta!>*r m* Mlfti
M rlowo's Jfa<linc man.
Thee 't waii hli turn to «t*nl toward h»r
balcony under calcium moonlipht; it was
bit turn • >'.*n to h* her glove and to be
"%ith his ov, :i lean ir.sde drunk " for love
c.r 1 \.*r. T: » other Kom«»o had disappeared
ii.j"i Robert Tal»»r waa happy enuugh for
one man.
Having what he had wanted, he wantel
more. He was not satlFf I *-!! ii!o»e to wear
th» v''.ih»' of Romeo hof.>r«« an audience,
but h« must ne»ds wear the heart of Ro
meo at fc'.l times. At firs*, there were
f'.ii.r.c'-+ a-r.d er.^ti'hed conversations abotit
'.':)'■ tti'«ter; between entrance;: «n«l at tp
h«arsala. Th*i»e irrew and became many
*.iid llnally developed Into walk* and
drives and ail klnJs of excursions In the
town where the company piayed.
He ufced to tell her of hIK Ktrugßles and
• njbltfons. which had l>een commonplace
♦nouth and altng^ther th<->««j of the u^ual
younc actor. liut they were not one whit
>b« lnterestlnr to her than wan to him
the more unconrentlonal memory of her
girlhood. She lauch«d over the account
cf her first "piece 1 * In school, and he
laughed over the taste of stag* life she
>.»d had when f!x years old Jn ''Pinafore."
She listened happily t0 th * *tory of his
f.rst attempt at "Hamlet" In the. old (rar
r*t. wfcsn th*» one oth*r boy In the cast
Bland ercry supportrnß part from Ho
THE rarden wa» al.lM» with May
eunrhln* ana white with May blos
som*: but the o'.d. old stone house
at the end of the straight path that
led from, the fate :ook«l Mnb*r
ard melancholy. A gnHrled apple tree
lapped playfully at the clem-d shutter* of
«.:.<* of the upper room*, and even went
po far, ur:<i«-r extreme provocation from
ihe i%!rd. a* to P'k- foio" of Us t.].'r«om
la'Jrn tw!|R beiTv^T. the ramshackle slats.
Dr. Eatoa. «hu walked up the Htru:*ht
X_th through the eunshlne. ob*erv<-<l this
•nd much more, and could not restrain a
Klith of pleasure at the beauty c the
fc<«-n«\ Tounfj and s=tron»r and healthy, iifo
to l.im wu K.-od «nd dellKhftul. though at
tf.at very moment he might b« hurr\
i:.:n th<* presence of destth.
A pale young woman opened the door
In respo&M to hi« knock, end without any
fi rm of greeting uj-hered him Into the
- '.. ly hall and went before him up the
•tain to the floor above.
•He Is very HI. my poor little boy." she
;. l she opened the door of a btd
« hamber. "Very, very ill, 1 fear. 1 "
T...J «!octor stepped into the room.
Through the broken slats of the shut
tcr a tew sun ray* f.'.te.red In: but his eye*
wiMj KtlU lii>d witn the light and splen
dor of the cutbide world and he stopped
for an Jnst&r.t. until he could ftccuklom
himself to the general dimness. The
woman caught hl« arm.
<^rew him
■
Th" young man tt*i down and took the
child's" tiny wriFt between his finger*.
!"More lipht, pleape." he said. Graf
"Hut !t will hurt hJs eyes."
-No. no. Open the shutter*. Mrs. Graf
ton."
The pale young woman did as sh« wan
bid and then returned to watch the doc
tor's f*ce. lie «at i\!th h!s flng«*rs on th«
lSit'.e wrist and hJa e-yea narrowed In
thought. Then he loaned over and laid
h> ear «paJn*t the child's heart.
"You think T' ehe aikcd breathlessly.
ratio to the teoood gr&v* Alow. H« p**
led and muttered "Poor llttla girl." when
she told of the long hour* of each «unny
llttle-girl-rammer day when the minnow*
in the river Just below begged bait la
vain, and the red cherries dropped with a
"pub" upon the earth for lack of an In
tervening apron. All because the email
Julia was In the houpe In the midst of
hair-cloth and stralght-lacedneas. study-
Ing Shakespeare under the guidance of
the Kernest aunt who ever lived outside
if a story bock. Exactly no .many hour*
< ach day she was kept at work, until she
lirst understood, then learned by heart
May after play. She learned more than
the linos; she learned verily to hate the
old dramatist who was forced down her
thrnat In heroic doses. But the aunt
rever yielded, and Julia obeyed.
Then Robert heard of the school girl
years, and th» final preparations for the
age. Gradually a love for Shakespeare
crew after the drudgery or him was past,
and her determination grew to be his
heroines. She set «o work at her own
Stage train!ni;. "I was the mn«t ungainly
pirl that ever walked." she, told him. who
knew her as the most graer-ful Juliet on
the f'jine.
"I walked as gracefully as a grasshop
per. I knew this well enough, so I set to
work to learn h*tter. I used to leave the
house early In the morning before any
body was awake, and wulk along the
shore of the l.nlie for two or three miles
with my hands on tny hips mo • > to get an
€-asy cTrlng."
"3o you had pluck as well as talent."
he cried, ad'l'.n? one more to the list of
adorable qualities on l.is mental cata
logue. "No wonder yon came to be what
you are now," and he went Into niptu"*
one* again.
Then came the wooing and the final
winning. For two years Mr. Taber play
ed leading parts opposite the star, a.nd
made love to her off and on the stage.
She rev;.. rule] In public with the passion
of Juliet or the tvndorncss of Parthenla.
but when the little love scenes came to be
enacted '.n private, hot-headed Romeo or
Ingomar found another kind of recep
tion. The young lady did not urge him
not to begone, nor did she say anything
about two hearts that beat as one She
was distinctly friendly; no more nor less
at first, and finally, at the end of two
years, she told him that she believed she
cared for him. but Fhe wanted to put
both their affections to th<s teat.
"Stage marriages are such proverbial
failures. Robert," she said. "There Is so
"1 think " he replied, looklnc at her piti
fully, 'that your little boy—"
"lJoctor!"
"Hut Wo will do what we can."
Then he l^ucil come hasty dilution*
Mtvl the tw i L.'ji^n to work rtl!fnt;>- over
th«« Unit- creature; who lay motlonkvi and
Impassive ':?:d(»r their hands. After an
hour the doctor censed.
'.Mrs. Grafton. ;..>i ir.ust f»n<l for your
buabacd."
"lie Is no bottr -r?" she asked, h look of
apnny creeping into her greai dark • vt- s.
"No b«.'t'cr." Ik* u!i>w?r' % ;i. "nut ho <locs
n<«t suffer. Take comfort from that."
yhft covered her face nitfa Jit htinds for
an inrtant and then said In a dull, quiet
tone: : .- . ■
•'I am a stranger in BUlsviile nnd have
no friend or acquaintance lure. When
Mr. Orafton went itway this nornlng the
baby did not seem ■■) very ill. but he said
he would n.*k you to call. I have no one
to Fond for him now."
"Where is he?" asked the doctor.
"He hap an oftlee on Front street. He in
tr> ing to establish an Insurance agency
here.
"I will go for him." said the doctor, and
turned away.
T*ate that afternoon the tiny spark of
life that flickered In the child's breast
went out. Afterward there were weeks
of illness in the old stone house, and whan
the irarden had discarded its blossoms
and become a very bower of green Marion
Grnfton. a shadowy creature, with the
saddest of dark eyes, walked down the
straight path beside her husband, and th.;
?ate of the old garden closed upon them
orever.
Th» ■••• were other accounts besides Dr.
Baton's left unpaid by the Graftons in
the little town of Ellisville. But us (Iks
cannot be fathered from thistles so nei
ther can money be wrung from the abso
lutely impecunious; and the Graftons'
creditors, recognising thin very apparent
truth, with a philosophical ehru/r dis
missed the matter from their minds. An
for Dr. Eaton, at the time struggling des
perately for a professional footing. h«
never so much as went through the for
mality of rendering a bill, though the pay
ment of his smallest claims was of th«
utmost importance to him. And it wa«
not long before the Graftons and every
thing connected with them slipped from
Ms mind— swallowed up In the more Im
portant events attending his career.
often a light lore 'existing between peo
ple playing together, and fading as soon
as circumstances separate them. Perhaps
our feeMr.R la of th:,- kind. We have not
had a ohan^ to prove It. If you should
leave me and go to some other company
A MATTER OF CONSCIENCE
/Years tpeJ away, carrying with them
th* doctors youth and the quiet unobtru
■lvenesa of rville. Where willows had
waved and poplars rustled in the old days
tall buildiiißs w?re reared, and on the river
banks warehouse* and docks had long
supervened the old mills and picturesque
.stretches of marshy land. As for the old
Ktone house and Us blossoming garden,
they were among the first to fall under
the hai.'l of "improvement."
The doctor, who had never married,
■till lived on the same street, but he was
contemplating a move because Its exclu
slveuess liad been broken In upon and Its
dwelling houses turned Into shops or torn
down and built over as factories. His
own and one or two other frame houses
stood aloof amid all these changes, silent
witnesses of the quiet cons»rvativen»ss of
other days.
Dr. Eaton was late. His housekeeper,
Mrs. Brand, was fretting and fuming,
partly because there was a lady waiting
to see him, and partly- and more particu
larly—because his dinner wan growing
crisp and dry In the oven. She went to
the front office door and peeped In at the
delicate looking little woman who had sat
patiently waiting for the last half-hour.
No detail of her shabby bicycle costume
nor feature of her worn, pretty face es
caped the old housekeeper's scrutiny.
"The doctor's late," 1 she said, "but
p'raps you don't mind waltin'. It's a rest
after rldin' a bicycle. How far did you
cay you'd come?"
"From Grimby," replied the woman.
"Did you say Dr. Eaton was quite a
middle-aged man?" she added anxiously
"I didn't say, ma'am; but 1 * pose
you'd call him so In pint of age Ah.
here he is now!"
From the window the lady could see a
doctor's gig draw up at the curb and a
tall, dark man with grizzled beard and
whiskers descend from It. Her counte
nance, fell, and she murmured below her
breath:
"I'm afraid it Isn't—"
Just then the doctor entered and looked
Inquiringly at his visitor with keen,
kindly eyes. She rose and said a little
uncertainly:
"I— l am afraid I bars mad* a mistake.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
you mlrht fall head over heels In love
with some one else In a we«?k. And be
sides. I can't vow that I mlijht not find a
new leading man who would prove fully
as attractive as yourself."
Whereupon Robert protested and grew
and that you are not the doctor I'm look
ing for."
Somehow the face and manner of the
woman brought to Dr. Eaton's mind an
illusive memory of a May morning and a
darkened room with th* scent of apple
blossoms wafted through closed blinds
but the impression was vague and tran
sitory, and was gone before he could at
tach any moaning to It.
"You were not looking for me. then?"
he asked. "If you will tell me the name
of the man you want to find, perhaps
I can help you.".
"I— don't know his name— l— don't re
member it." she said with a flush and a
littlo deprecatory smile. "I've been to a
treat many doctors in Elllaville and have
not .found him— l'm afraid he must have
gone away— be dead."
Dr. Eaton looked puzzled and eat for
a moment, his eyes narrowed in thought
■■"■■> his fingers beating a noseless tat
too on his knee. The woman watched
him silently, the color coming and going
In her pale face. •
"You— you don't remember a Mr«
Grnfton?" she asked at last with some
eagerness.
Mrs. Graft n Mrs. Grafton," he re
peated, shaking his head. "She Is not a
patl'-nt of mine."
"Not now; Lut— somehow. I feel a* If
you must be the man I am looking for.
la there any way you can find out wheth
er you had a patient named Graf ton
twenty j>ars a| ' Oh. It is very im
portant that I should know," she con
cluded earnestly.
"I will consult my books of that time "
he said kindly, and arose.
As he walked across to the closet where
he kept these records of his early
struggles the woman's eyes followed him
with eager intentness. Suddenly she cot
up and ran to his side.
"Ah. I know It is you! The moment
you walked away, I knew beyond a
doubt. It was Just as If I were back
again In the room where my baby died
and saw you leave me to go for my
husband! Oh. you must remember me!
You tried so hard to save my dear little
boy. I lived in an old etono house that
rliim In turn, but all to no aval..
"No, I am not sure." she continued In
her proud, decisive way. "I don't want to
marry and unmarry In the typical ac
tress fashion. When I jive my heart I
shall give It all. and for all time."
stood in a big garden, on— l've forgotten
the name of the street. I was ill after
my baby died and you attended me —
M kindly— so well! and then w« went
away and did not pay your bill. It is
twenty years ago. and you are changed,
but I know you now!" She paused
breathlessly.
Dr. Eaton had turned and was looking
thoughtfully down into her eager face.
At last he said slowly:
"1 think I do member you— yes. I
know 1 do. Sit down again Is th» re
anything I can do to servo you. Mrs.
Graf ton?"
"Yes," she answered. She sat silent
a moment looking down at her shabby
gloves. Then she raised her eyes and
fixed them steadily on the doctor's face.
"When we went away from here we
were very poor. We could not nay you.
nor pay for the burial of the baby"— her
eyes dropped and she clasped and un
clasped her hands nervously. "But oh.
how I want»d to. For a time, after we
left Elllsville. my husband was very
fortunate, and made a great deal of
money; but the debts 1 speak of, while
the thought of them drove me almost
wild, did not seen to trouble him. When
I urged their payment he always grew
Impatient and said they belonged to a
time he could not bear to think of. He
thought I was heartless to remind him
of them. You see." she added hastily,
"the loss of our little hoy preyed upon
his mind and made him depressed and
morbid. So at la.st I ceased altogether
to speak of the matter, and made up my
mind that somehow— some time— l would
pay them myself. About this time I
was taken ill with a fever, and many of
the names of people and places 1 had
known slipped from my mind. Tour
name and that of the undertaker who
burled my poor little boy were among
those I could not— could not remember.
Yet I never relinquished my purpose to
save enough money to pay you both,
and In all the years after, whether we
prospered or whether we struggled for
a bare existence, I never touched th«
sum I had put by as a nucleus, but added
to It, little by little— oh. so little some
80, as coaxing and argument wrought
no change, the ardent young lover was
oompeJ'.ftd to accept the terms she made.
These were that he was to leave her for
one rear and at the end of that time he
.night return If he would. Meanwhile,
she would think the matter over.
Robert Taber went to London, which
was the nearest place of banishment that
would satisfy bin lady love. He played
minor parts In Sir Henry Irving's com
pany, and played them with success. Irv
ing was pleased an<l the young act.-.r 1
pleaded. The taste of London life
strengthened his ambition, and he plan
ned for a great artistic future "lde by
side with the loveliest creature In all the
world.
For his lore did not change. It stood
the teat of that year ■ f stern discipline,
and when the last day of the twelfth
month came It found him In America,
which, being translated, meant Paradise.
Julia was toe same, Robert was the pame.
and there was nothing left but to be mar
ried and live happy ever after.
The first part of this was readily ac
complished. A marriage license and a
minister were easily obtained. The other
part, well
As soon as the marring* had taken
place Julia Marlowe announced that she
was thereafter to be known upon hill
boards and programmes as Mr- Taber.
Friends and manager protested. "Your
name In print means money to nil con
cerned," they Mid. "You hare made a
reputation ah Julia Marlowe. Who knows
Robert Taber or his wife— that la, who of
the general public?"
But the unyieldingness that Is part of
her was the same In this affair as In all
others. "I am starring with my hus
band," she replied, and that settled it.
She stopped short at no generosity. Mr.
Taber way ambitious, and his wife
meant that his ambitions should be real
ized. She- hud prospered, and she had
reached the point of sumptuous produc
tions in first class theaters. Robert Ta
ber was given the advantage of all this
prosperity. His wife had old plays
changed to bring him Into greater prom
inence, and she lessened herself. She had
King Henry IV magnificently produced,
and In such a manner that her husband
was made the star and she merely a sup
porting lady. nut for all that, the public
wanted her, they wanted Julia Marlowe,
and they would not give a bagatelle for
the young man who was impertinent
enough to consider himself the trump
card. "lie is a very pood leading man,"
they said, "but he Is no star."
So he found his light growing dim. and
times! And now I think I have enough.
It has taken a long time and only God
knows what a haunting horror has been
to me the thought that my little child's
funeral expenses — that I felt to be a
sacred debt— w«re still unpaid and lay like
a blemish on his Innocent memory. • • •
And now will you tell me how much I
am to pay you. and do what you can to
help me find the undertaker?" A little
sigh of relief escaped her as she con
cluded and the slim, restless hands art
quiet.
The doctor sat with one knee crossed
over the other and looked thoughtfully at
his boot, which he swung gently to and
fro. Presently he glanced up and flashed
a smile at his visitor— a smile of such sur
passing sweetness that she felt herself
smiling too, half tearfully, In sympathy.
"Twenty years Is a long time to remem
ber a little bill like mine." he said.
"It cannot be a little bill."
"You rode here on a wheel?" he ques
tioned glancing at her dress. •'!• Rom
where?"
"From Grimby," she replied.
"And you have dined?"
"N— no."
"Then you must be my guest, and after
ward I will help you find that man to
whom you — the other bill. I think I
remember who It was. Are you and Mr.
Grafton living In Grimby V
"Mr. Grafton has been dead some
years," she said, averting her — "I
am teaching school there.
It wan well on In the afternoon when
the doctor and Mrs. Grafton returned
from their search for the undertaker.
They had been successful after many
failures.
"1 cannot tell you how much I thank
you for helping me." she said. "And now
please tell me how much that old bill of
yours was."
"I assure you I have forgotten. I
never gave the matter a thought after the
first. Let it rest," he said earnestly, "and
gome time — "
"Oh, no," she Interrupted, "It must be
to-day; Indeed It must. I could not bear
it— not that it is painful to mo to be In
debted to you," she ad. led quickly, think
ing of the doctor's kindness and gentle
consideration. "I shall always remember
you with the greatest gratitude and be
glad to remember you so; but don't you
th« management found box ofßoe receipt*
growing less, and the devoted wife found
her devotion proving futile. A general
state of dissatisfaction ensued.
Something like three years ago the Ta
b-re played their last engagement In Ban
Francisco. It was at the old Baldwin
Theater, and they made thetr temporary
home at the adjacent Baldwin Hotel. San
Franciscans who were with them then
remember thinking that the Rffwt bHla
were decidedly out of tune during that
visit.
There wan no end or petty arguing back
and forth In the win at tho theater, Bad
at the hotel table. "They never quarreled
openly, of course." a friend says, "but
they were always picking at each other."
Yes. exactly; "picking at each other."
"It seemed a itham* for him to be mean
to her." the friend went on. "She »* one
of tie sweetest women that ever llve-4.
Hhe hi reserved with stranger* -freezes
anybody up at first— hut upon more thor-
oiiph arqualntance you find her very
tharmlnj;. She l« Ind'pfndent. though,
and ••he won't be walked over. In the lit
tle bickerings »l s>eemed to be about six oZ
one antl half h doz»n of the othf r."
So the observations ran, but neither*
number of the Taber family breathed a
wcrd concerning the discord even to in
♦ltnat*- friends. It wan not until the en<t
of mat same season that the separation
came. »
It happened when they were playtnc
"Bonnie Prince <<harlle" at Wallack"*.
Mr Taber insisted upon responding to
curtain calls meant for his wife, and hi*
Jealousy became so apparent and beyond
control that it was the object of all th«
company's comment. It mi the last per
formance of the two together.
Mr. Taber went to London and returnM
to the Irving company. H.i wife starred
In America a train with her eM name on
the posters. It is nald that her manager
obliged her to b* Julia Marlowe.
Last summer Miss Marlowe went to Eu
rope for her vacation. Simultaneously
rame the news ..hat Mr. Ta - would
come to America to .spend his.
Now comes the news that Julia Mar
lowe is suing for divorce. Also that ap
plication was made a half-year ago.
Through her attorney, W B. SUcJcnejr
of Vermont, she has asked Justice Tail
of the Vermont Supreme Court to grant
her divorce from Robert Taber and to let
her be known as Julia Marlowe. Th«
grounds are Intolerable severity and nou
nupport.
After the th* years of waiting to
make sure, of the love -the love that it
took Icm than three years to kill— what
has Cupid to say for himself?
understand how I f»el about this?"
"Wry well, as It Is a matter c' con
science with you." he replied.
In one of the old lodgers he found the
name •if Philip Gmfton. and making a
quick calculation, announced thnt the gen
tleman had been indebted to him In tha
sum of $15 and this amount Philip*
widow hancirrt over to him. with a look
thai showed how Important she deemed
the matter.
"And now." she said, holding out her
little shabbily gloved hand. "good-bjr. I
will never be able to thank you."
Rut the doctor said if she contemplated
riding her wheel all the way to Orltnby
after ull she hnd done to tire her sno
was h less wise woman than he thought
her.
"I'm not your physician." -a A ► - "hut
I'll take th" liberty of prescribing n seat
In my gig for half the distance and after
that you may lake to your wheel. I hava
a patient to visit near the town road."
II »• spoke as one unaccustomed to hav
ing his directions disputed, and Mrt. Graf
ton submitted smilingly to hi* decree. 81
her bicycle was tied In at the back ol
the gig and they drove aw«y together
in the late afternoon sunsMne. As ha
glanced ut her from time to tim» the doc
tor saw the look of relief In her faca
drrpen to one of quiet content.
A few miles from (Jrlmby he stopped,
saying ho must turn off the thomtuhiar*
here to the house of h patient. "I shou!<i
be glad to take you all the way." he sal ft
with a ring of regret In his voice, "hut I
fhiill ji.st have time to sre Helen Hala
and Ret home for my office hours. I com«j
to Grimby sometimes"— he had always
hated Grimby and avoided It on v prin
ciple—"and I shall call and .-■ • you if I
may."
Mrs. Grufton said she hoped ru* would.
The blcjclp was tnken from the hnck of
the »rlg. She took the handlebar ami then
turn- i with outstretched hand:
"Good-by," she said.
The doctor held the slender hand In hi*
for a moment and then Ut go with a
smile. He watched her ride .iw.iv towaM
the setting sun. her long black shadow
flitting after her.
"A good little thing— a pretty llttl*
thing." he said to hlms.lf. "And It was *
matter of conscience with her."
Then he got thoughtfully int» his rig
&nd drove awagr.
1112
THE SUNDAY CAUL.Pages 13 to 20
VOLUME LXXXVII-NO. 24.
THIRTY-FIVE MEN
BURIED IN A MINE
Entombed by an Explosion, the Unfor
tunate pall Victims to Deadly
piredamp.
DPTTf \ ■..
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
I
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
• ■
■
• ■
■
.' who
STEAMER SINKS AND
ALL HANDS LOST
Wreckape of :ra Marico, a
Small Vessel. W: A iore
at Newbury;
■
M< HUGHS INJURIES FATAL
Body of Fisher Located in the Light
ncr Mine.
ANGELS CAMP. Dec. 23- John Me-
Hiiph di«-d la*t night at the I'tica Hospi
tal a* a result of injuries received In the
raw-In in the Ughtnor mine lust \Wdnes
day. He was unmarried ami has r»-l;uiv»-s
Jn Oakland. The dead body of Fisher has
b< < n located In the mine.
CAPTAIN MURPHY
SHOOTS M. MARCEL
Brother of Late San Francisco Millionaire
Avenges Slurs Cast Upon Queen Victoria
tiu a French Editor.
PI 23.-CaptnJn ON'eil
Murphy, brother of ihe late Daniel
Murphy, the San Franrlsco mil
lionaire, and undo of Lady Wolso
ley, wife of Sir Charles Michael
Wol*eley. Hart.— no relation to Lord
TTpltlcy h*t shot in a «luel and perhaps
klll'-d M. Marcel. editor-ln-chW of l.t
Caricature. It wan snmi- of I-i Carica
ture's cartoons inputting Queen Victoria
that roused the Ire of tin: Irish captain,
who M-rvd for many years In the horse
artillery and Is a crack shot.
Murphy <-all«?<l Marcel out for Insulting
the Qu<nn. A» a. result the editor's col
lar-bone is broken and fob has a blj? hole
In the breast which may prove fatal.
J,u Caricature and Le Hire h:ive been
particularly nasty In their cartoons— not
rnoro no, however, than the English pa
pers were In their ridicule of France
during the Dreyfus affair. When the gal
lant captain paw his Qu«*en attacked he
wrote to the offending editor, calling him
a dog and a coward.
• When French editors think business Is
x&eact they don't -mo out ■wlta good
The San Francisco Call
The anxious on*s at the top waited a
few minutes for the m»*n to apr>i»ar. They
did not c<ime and an investigation was
made. t It was found that the explosion
had torn away the brick lining of the
!-h:tft. taking with It about twenty feet of
the inui stops. The men below were In a
trap. Promptly a rope and bucket were
lowered and sonr* of th<» men hauled up.
The flr^t wan Albert fclees 13 years of
i\K'\ a tmpper. He was • •••.<» rind
was lifted out nml restoratives applied
without avail. He gasped once or twice
nnd was dead, a victim of after damp.
Th.it told the wh<>l«. Ftory of the disaster.
Fire damp had exploded in the mine.
Fourteen men were rescued by the
bucket and rope. All of them were sick
and .'-onie half tinting. They were given
restoratives and went to their hon;< sev
ern! of them having to be carried.
No more mon appearing at the foot ol
the a!r shaft, attention was turned to the
main shaft, from which the after damp
wjis pouring *out In a thick volume. The
fan was crippled and the cages would not
work. The tlrst thing to do was to start
the fan. This was accomplished by 10:30
a, .m., and the after-damp began to force
Its way out of the ventilating shaft. The
lattices in the mine, which guide the air
through the workings, had been wrecked
by the o^t.joslon. and much of the force
of the fan was lost.
Gradually the air around the main
shaft be<-*me purer, and at 3 o'clock the.
first body of rescuers descended, the
cagvs having been temporarily repaired.
Wh«-n they got within ten feet of tho bot
tom the cage stopped. a mass of wreck
age was piled up at the bottom of the
shaft. There, ... faces blackened
and burned and their bodies totted, lay
seven men. The rescuers started to clear
away the debris, but It was BIOW, hard
work, ks the force of the explosion had
been Titanic. Pit Boas Thomas and three
men went back 103 feet to tlnd the source.
They think they succeeded, but did not
have time to investigate, aa they
were overcome by the after-damp. Other
members of the rescuing party hastily
brought them above ground, where they
were given brandy and coffee. Thomas
was nearly dead, and to-night Is suffer
ing severely.
When the first party was worn out and
nrarly poisoned another took its place,
and the work was kept up without a mo
ment's cessation. The rescuers found the
carcasses of five mules that had been
killed by the explosion.
At 10 o'clock to-night the work of res
cue had progressed so far that Superin
tendent Blower expected to have some
bodies out by midnight. Mine Inspector
Henry Louttit Is working away In the
wrecked main shaft at the head of gangs
of picked men. who are straining every
nerve to save the survivors If there are
any. Mine Inspector James Bllck, who
read the scene to-night, said:
"I would not like to say there Is no
hope for the men In the pit, but I doubt
whether a single one remains alive. The
fan is running, but the t.lg part of the
mine remains unventilated and Is proo
ably still choked with deadly after
damp. In which no human being can live
If the men have not been able to con
trive to save themselves from the after
damp I fear that they are dead."
TEN PERSONS KILLED IN
THE AMALFI DISASTER
Loss of Life Not as Great as
Reported in the Eastern
Accounts.
pean that
■ • Ama!fi. on tbe gulf of
■
• .; ;c<-ini
Jily Into 1 1 • was not
unly
W. !.• Ul
Carnegie's Latest Gift
" V- >RK. ! ■
■
■
■
ly.
New Trial Denied.
PA NT A CRUZ .lu.lco Smith of
vti ■ 'i- Bppen
1 .
grace. Marcel being coy. Murphy sent to
htm two Roumanian princes, tho brothers
Storza. with a message that If Marcel did
not give him satisfaction he would go
down and make mashed potatoes of the
editor, his stair and all the paraphernalia
.if La Caricature.
This of .course brought the Frenchman
to time and ■ duel was arranged. Captain
Murphy wanted to fight with Winchester
rinVf. but consented to compromise on
dueling pistols at twenty paces.
All the preliminaries arranged the com
batants with their seconds and physicians
went to a spot near liable, close to the
border of Germany. This was done In or
der to ! ...in certain of a duel.
The combat was of the brief dura
tion, for Marcel was put hors de combat
at once. As ho fell his revolver went off
and the bullet grazed Murphy's arm. The
editor lies in a precarious condition In
Switzerland, while the Irishman Is out
skating In the Bois.
When a correspondent asked Murphy
, about hi» encounter ha merely remarked:
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY. DECEMBER 24, 1890— TWENTY-EIGIIT PAGES.
One of the mine officials who sp»nt al
most the entire day working in the pit.
MM:
"The havoc wrought Is almost complete
and I can scarcely hope that the men are
alive. The mine cars are wrecked beyond
recognition am', piled on each other.
Stone and wood brattice*, as the door
controlling air currents are called, were
blown down i IK so much paper. We
have the passages from the main shaft to
the air shaft cleared, but beyond that we
cannot go. and we cannot Ret the air Into
the mln« any further at present. although
working hard and making slow proßress.
As the air Is not In the main shaft beyond
this point I see practically no hope for
the entombed men."
As the night grew blacker the scene, at
the shaft became more sorrowful. The
rain came down In pitiless torrents and
each moment the air was more chill.
Rack of :he fateful pit rose a solid mass
of mountainous darkness. In front, but
far across the railroad tracks, were the
flickering: lights of the homos of the m.
ers. At one side' of the mouth of the
•-haft some husre lumps of coal mad» a
blazing camp fire and around It were seat
ed a score if workers. Many were speech
less over the calamity, while others talked
in whispers and seemed to accept the
doom meted out to their companions with
all the stoicism of men engaged »n dan
gerous employment. On the board plat
form that covered the mine grimy min
ers sat with ears bent to hear the faint
est call for succor from the depths. By
an upper window In a house beyond the
tracks could be seen a mourning woman,
her bow-»d head visible In the light from
a rude lan ■ It was Mrs. Meesp. whose
little son was lying in death a embrace
In th. quickly provided morgue, a. id
whose husband, Samuel lleew was one
of the seven dead waiting transfer to
the surface. She was watching for tne
men to bring up her husband's body. He
neath the tramway of the tipple weeping
women round shelter from the merciless
rain, the bhawls about their heads giving
them scant protection from th. cold: but
their blanched faces showed the Intense
heart pain they endured. To hope was
Idle and yet each nurtured that hope that
la*ts until the d*ad lies before the mourn
er. Each had husband, father or brother
cold in .bath far down In the mine, and
yet each tried to cling to some impossible
remnant of hope.
No complete list of the dead can be com
piled to-night. The managers of the mine
have the payroll, but It has been Impos
sible for them to discover all the surviv
ors. There Is general agreement that
from thirty to thirty-five men are en
tombed. About half are Americans and
the balance Hungarians or Slavs.
Soon after the extent of the accident be
came known undertakers were summoned
from Brownsville. A new building just
back of the mine. Intended for a black
smith shop, was converted Into a morgue.
Here pine boards on trestles were shaped
into receptacles for the dead. All is In
readiness for the victims of the mine
when brought to the surface. v
There was an explosion in the Brazriell
mine last July. It adjoins the Empire
mine. In which eight men were killed last
year the. day before Christmas by a simi
lar explosion.
MRS. SUSAN A. MAIN
ASKS FOR A DIVORCE
Wife of the San Jose Newspaperman
Makes Charges of Infidelity,
Neglect and Cruelty.
SAN' JOSE. Dec. 23.— Mrs. Susan A.
Mnln to-day began suit for divorce from
her husband. H. H. Main, a well-known
newspaper man. The grounds are neg
lect. Infidelity and extreme cruelty. It Is
paid three different co-respondents are
named. The Mains were married some
twenty-flve years ago. and have a family
of six grown children. For many years
until recently Main was the owner of the
Evening Herald.
The suit promises to he sensational in
the extreme. Shirley Groat, a young
woman well known to the semi-fust set.
figures In the family quarrel. About a
week ago Mrs. Main caught her husband
and Mias Groat dining In a restaurant and
attempted to horsewhip the couple. Main
has considerable property, and a restrain
ing order has been secured to prevent
him from disposing of it.
It is the poorest shooting I have done
In many days. I aimed for his head and
nearly broke his collar-bone and put a
hole In the wrong place. I think these fel
lows will stop insulting women now; if
i not I will have more of them out."
Murphy says he thought of the woman
more than of the Queen. Still, it is said
the Prince of Wales thanked him or so
chivalrously defending his mother, and
Mr. Chamberlain has Bent a kind word of
acknowledgment because punishment
; had been Inflicted on behalf of her Ma
jesty. .
Members of the Murphy family in San
Francisco were considerably agitated last
night over the news from Europe. A
story was circulated that Samuel Mur
phy, brother of Daniel Murphy, and son
of the founder of the house of Murphy,
Grant & Co., had been shot and killed!
i Later on another version was given at
the Paclflc-Unlon Club to the effect that
Sam Murphy had fought a duel and re
ceived a wound in the arm, 1
BRITONS DETERMINED TO
MARCh ON TO PRETORIA
Following a Lull in Fating Comes a Story That an
Imperial Army Corps hjas Diserr/oarKed at Lourenzo
Marquez and Is on thje Way to trje Transvaal.
General Joubert's Headquarters Camp Near Ladysmith.
LONDON, Dec. 24-4:45 A. M.-Beyond the statement that a heliograph message from Ladysmith
reports "all well to Friday afternoon, with no fighting except outpost skirmishes," absolutely no news
has been received from the seat of war during the night. The War Office officers at midnight s«id they
had not received any war dispatches.
From a Continental Dutch source, however, comes the uncreditable rumor that a British army corps
has disembarked at Lourenzo Marquez and Is marching toward the Transvaal frontier.
LONDON. Dec. 24.—Yes
terday was another blank
day. so far as news of any
interest from the seat of war was
concerned. One thing that now
seems beyond all possible doubt
is that the British guns aband
oned at the Colenso battle \sere
really captured and are in the
hands of the Boers. The only
consolation felt here is that,
though General Buller lost them,
the Boers cannot turn their muz
zles against the British as they
have no shells to fit them and all
the ammunition on the British
side was exhausted before the
guns were left to their fate.
It now appears that General
Bnlkr himself had a very narrow
escape. He was hit on his side
by a spent bullet from a shrap
nel shell, but it only cut his skin
and did him little harm.
There seems to be no chnnge
yet on the Modder River so far
?.s can be ascertained, nor is it
expected that there will be for
some time to come — not until the
arrival of reinforcements which
now are well on their way.
News from Sterkstrom would
seem to indicate that there has
been no fighting of any kind
there since December 10, and
that General Gatacre is just wait
ing for the full complement of
his troops before continuing his
advance. The Derbyshires have
now arrived at Sterkstrom camp.
In the absence of other news
the chief talk in clubs and else
where yesterday was again about
Lieutenant Churchill's escape.
He surely is one of the heroes of
the hour.
The story which appeared in
the Herald and Call yesterday
about the traffic in ammunition,
guns and stores and foreign re
cruits for the Boers passing
through Delagoa Bay, wired over
here and produced in the evening
papers, has been much talked
about and commented upon. It
Drawn by Cr.irdin for I.c Monde IlltiMr" from a photnirraph.
is felt that a great deal of that
sort of thing has been going on
and that the British have nut
been half strict enough in keep
ing a better lookout for their own
sakes. Jt is considered possible
that young Lieutenant Chun-hill,
who is not a man to go about
with his eyes and ears shut, will
be able to tell something valuable
of the extent of the Boer re
sources.
The event of the day here un
doubtedly was the departure of
Lord Roberts for South Africa.
The determination that he should
go to take the post of c< tmmander
in chief was sudden and his de
parture has been as quick. (>n
his leaving Waterloo Station his
departure was witnessed by an
enormous crowd, who gave him
a greater and more enthusiastic
send-off than perhaps ever has
been witnessed at a London sta
tion. But, of course, "Lord
Bobs," as he is affectionately
called, is not only one of the most
popular men in the army, but
with the general public as well.
At Southampton it was the same
thing. Now that he is on the sea
and England will not see its idol
again till all is over the question
naturally in the people's mind is
when that will be and how much
more slaughter will be suffered
before the British flag is hoisted
over Pretoria.
AMERICAN HOSPITAL
SHIP MAINE SAILS
LONDON. Dor. 23.— The American hos
pital ship Maine sailed from the
India docks for Cape Town at 2:W ••
tins afternoon minus five of the mail- s-
■lstanti supplied from the x. w rorti
lmspital. One of tIMM men is said to
have exported promotion to a non-inm
mlsslomd officer*! mnk. He BUCCC idtd in
enllstinK four friends who a moment be
the ship sailed notified Major Cabelle
of their refusal to ro. saying one of their
number was ill and they had determined
to stay. Major Cnbello informed them
that their friend had been left in pood
hands, and that there was no reMOn to
desert. The men. BOWCVtt, mad.- other
complaints, whereupon Major C.il>« lie in
formed them that they had plenty of time
to consider this beforehand, but If they
refused to go they must sign off the rolls
and leave the chip. This the men did.
and standing on the dock they shouted.
"We are too good Americans to leave a
sick friend here tor any one!"
As the incident occurred at the last
moment. Major Cabclle only had time to
say to a representative of the Associated
Press: "These men came at the last min
ute to declare that they would leave,
making general complaint of ill-treat
ment, which I am unable to fathom.
Some of the papers called them 'order
lies.' which they seem inclined to resent.
I tried to pacify them, but their radical
decision was reached at the last mo
ment and left m.- no time to find a solu
tion. Therefore I had no choice but to
accept their decision to leave and order
th.-m ashore. Their conduct certainly
Is unjustified."
Mr. v.in Purer, a member of the exec
utive committee, said: "Before the men
•" the ship Major Cabelle mad» them
acknowledge they had broken their run
tract, although they will be paid to dato.
but they will not receive their passage
home. The assistant, who is sick, will
have the best medical care and will be
sent to New York at th.- committee's
expense. The dispute was an incident
which was known only to a few."
The Maine departed under favorable
auspices. The Red Cross tlag Boated
from her foremast, th. Queen's ensign
from her main and the stars and stripes
from her mizzon.
Lady Randolph Churchill was In »ier
stateroom, on the main deck. The state
room was filled with floral decorations of
th.» Maine arid Red Crosses, while holly
and mistletoe overhung the doorway.
Mtedames Ronalds. Blow, Van Duser
and others of the committee were pres
ent. The nurses. In blue capes and soft
felt hats, and the surgeons. In the newly
designed ■eml-Unlted States uniforms,
added color to the scene.
Lady Churchill said to the representa
tive of the Associated Press: "I know
of no better way to spend the Christmas
than on an American hospital ship bound
for South Africa. The Maine is splen
didly equipped and worthy of her people
and mission. I go with a grateful heart
to all who have so munificently aided the
committee. I hope we may prove worthy
of this sacred duty. Wherever the ship
goes. I go." 'H
The final signal for "all ashore" was fol
lowed by many handshakings and fare
wells, and as the Maine moved into the
river three cheers were given for the ship',
then for Lady Churchill and finally for
the United States. Then those on board
gave three cheers for the union jack, and
the sailors on the surrounding craft
cheered the United States as the white
hull disappeared In the thickening fog:
The Maine will coal at Las Palmas.
Canary Islands. She expects to reach the
Cape In three weeks, and will return with
her first consignment of wounded late In
February;
S. T. C. Spoor, one of the nurses who
left the ship, said to ■ representative of
the Associated Press to-night: "My griev
ance for leaving the Maine was that my
comrade. Greene. is lying sick at tne
Prince of Wales Hotel. He has been there
for two days without medical attendance.
When I reported the facts to Major Ca
belle he told me the American ladies
would care for him. but 1 decided that I
would not leave him. My comrades com
plain that Major Cabelle sent them to St.
George's barracks, with its damp wails.
where wo were treated as English pri
vates, and they could not stand it. They
were removed to the hotel, but they li.i.)
no further confidence In Major Cabelle."
In conversation with tho other nurses,
the Associated Press representative
Cleaned that the mala complaint was that
Pages 13 to 20
PTUCE FIVE CENTS.
thry had ,-nrrl as mirsos and considered
themsplvc-K treated a.-* private soldiers.
FRENCH FOMENTING
TROUBLE IN SOUDAN
WCTORIA. B C. Doc. -According
to a letter received In this city by John
Mlnto from a fr!.-nd who ts commissioned
with the British army of occupation In
Egypt It seems that the trouble in the
Soudan was still far from being ended
with the defeat of th Dervishes by Colo
nel Wlngate and the death of th« Khalifa
and his Emirs. The people of Cairo, when
the officer wrote from that city on No
vember 10, were facing ■ very serious cri
sis. It seems that the French are taking
advantage of the present war in South
Africa to foment trouble. They lire en
deavoring to incite the natives against the
British and With this there Is disaffection
among the Egyptian soldiers because of
the non-production of their pay by tho
Khedive. So serious is the situation that
the general (the writer does not give his
name) has taken refuge with the British
authorities there. With the personal mat
ter obliterated the writer .says:
"I can tell you that ihe prospect which
confronts in in Call • Is not an Inviting
one. No sooner has our army of occupa
tion and the Egyptians put an end to the
Khalifa's rebellion than the French have
begun to foment another. There Is also
a bit of trouble going on here as regards
the expense of the troop* employed at
the front in the last Soudan war. Tho
Khedive Is rearing up and refuses to pay
the Tommies. Consequently great disaf
fection exists among them with tIM
French inciting the natives against the
British, and with such a state of affairs
existing among the Khedive's troops you
can. Imagine how exciting things urc la
Cairo, Bccauso of the very troublous
state of affairs the general has shifted hLi
quarters and taken refuge at the rest
dence of Lord Cromer. the British Agent
Consul. The latest report as I write is
that they are mobilizing the Eighty
fourth Battery of Royal Artillery. The
army of occupation certainly seams to
have some work ahead of them for th*
most Of us out here, and to me It look*
as thoush the Soudan will soon bo tho
scene of much more bloody fighting. The
Sldar In his final battle In putting dawn
the recent rebellion killed over 50") Der
vishes, the Khalifa being among thesialn.
together with his Emlre. I tell you.
though, we had quite a tussle before »«
got away with them, for these Dcrvlshea
are devils to tight. The Soudan ts now
declared open, and the British and Egyp
tian troops are In occupation."
The receiver of the loiter, for obviou*
reasons, refuses to give the name or rank
of the writer.
— —^
SEIZURE OF FLOUR.
WASHINGTON. Dec. -The State De
partment has received from the Pennsyl
vania Milling Company of New York a
statement of the facts touching the seiz
ure of two cargoes of ttour b'longlng to
that concern bound for Portuguese ports
In Bast Africa. The seizures wt-ro made
by British warships on the ground that
the flour was Intended for the Boers. The
company's letter Is v presentation of th«
case without protest, and Is evidently In
tended to serve as a busls of a claim for
pecuniary damages against the British
Government-
RECBUITS FOR THE BOERS.
CINCINNATI. Dec. Z?.— Thlrty-rtv© «-
cruits for tho Boer army were examined
here to-day. Those who passed will b.j
fonvarded to-morrow. It 1* believed Dr.14
ROBERTS DEPARTS
FOR SOUTH AFRICA
Great EQttyusiasm Over the Man
Who Is Expected to Conquer
the Boers.
.1 Dispatch to the Call.
L : rvhip— A Foti:ctic mc dent cf tie Nipht of the
Battle <<t Elands Lac^te
• nny.
■
I with
.1 Tommy of my company
. i the
Lround lii:. .f that
autifully w.,rm ' "
LONDON. Deo. 23.-Field Marshal Lord
Roberts, v. he Is to assume command of
!!)•• BriiMi forces in South Africa, left
AVaterloo railroad station at r.oon to-diy
omld scenes of enthusiasm, vividly dem
onstrating tho national interest in the
event and that the belief that the depart
ure of The gcuoral can be accepted as a
iri;:<rante« that whatever can be done In
Fouth Africa will I c carried out by thor
oughly conpetent hands and on carefully
matured liiits. Although only privileged
persona were permitted to enter the sta
tion this Old not prevent the *,atherinu of
immense tliror.gs at all .he approaches
»nd other points of vantage, who cheered
r« poatedly aa "Dubs." accompanied by his
wife ami tw<j daughters, drove up. Bel
dom has the terminus witne-ssed such an
Inspiring ?»nd-off. Every *;>pesrance of
the field marshal vai the signal for ring-
Ing hurrah*, lusty scouts and good
wishes. The moment the veteran com
mander ariived he was surrounded by
military officers and other, mentis and
held a semi-private reception in the wait
lng-ronm. After a personal leave-taking
Lord Robf np reached- the platform, where
peneral parting words were
♦>xthai)Ked. Many ladles pressed eagerly
forward to pit a last handshake. express
deep Fymtiathy with the distinguished sol
dier in 'iis recent bereavement and bid
him godspeed. One woman, with her
«yen filled with tears, exclaimed. "God
Mess you and bring you safely oack to
us." Th's wtah was echoed a:id re-echoed
In varyir.g phraseology by the hundreds
thronging the vicinity of the train.
As the general joined • his w»fe and
daughters nt the door of tfw saloon car
riage he whs speedily surrounded by dis
tinguished statesmen and military men.
Including A. J. LSiilfour, the Marquis of
Lanadowne, Field Marshal Sir uonaM
Stewart *nd Lieutenant Colonel Carrlrg
ton. the Queen's equerry. Lord Wolseley
und Others jirrivod late and It required
81l the -.irons of the police to clear a
passage for them.
Scarcely had the commander In chief
Jolnrd Lord Roberts whin a great cheer
announced the approach of the Duke of
rambrld^o. The crush was so great that
the Duke, in spite of police protection,
was so hustled that more than om.e lie
pave verbal expression of resentment at
: tivr of the
SITUATION IS NOW
EXCEEDINGLY GRAVE
MnKly
>
to the
home
! and urje
itnount
■
■■ r volunteer
H (| -
FOREIGN ATTACHES.
I
1 p way
XOT ASKED TO INTERVENE-
PARIS. Dec. a-The French Foreign
DUFF
GORDON
SHERRY
-ftiom —
DUFF CORDON A. CO./
Port St. Mary's, Spain.
tHAIUXS MEINTCKn & CO..
AGENTS PACIFIC COAST.
114 Bftfraroento it., 6. F.. Ca].
the rough treatment he had to submit
to and the police redoubled their efforts,
finally enabling the Puke of Cambridge
to reach Lord Roberts, though in the
confusion the police thrust aside many of
those who were best entitled to remain,
including Lord Wolseley, who. however,
took the rough har.dllng of the police
good -h umo redly. The ladles present suf
fered much from the* crowd, but the pit
eous appeals were unavailing to stem the
crush.
Renewed cheering heralded the Duke of
Connaughfa arrival. Trun rousing cheers
momentarily diverted attention from the
hero of the hour as the Prince of Wales
appear, d and greeted Lord Roberts in the
most cordial mnnncr. The Prime and the
distinguished general engaged In earnest
conversation and furnished a striking
center to a notable group, which included
r.o less than five field marshals. Lord
Roberts, who was In mourning dress,
looked fit for anything. In spit of his 67
years, he was straight and soldierly and
his rugged features reflected determina
tion. At the time the train was due to
start the Prince of Wales again shook
hands with Lord Roberts and spoke a
few words to the genera!, of which the
phrases ''God bloss you" and "Good luck
to you" were caught by those near by.
The Prince also said: "Good-by. Hob; a
happy Christinas, a prosperous New Year
and every possible luck in your Job."
Mr. Halfour bade Lord Roberta I sim
ilar farewell. Amid the din. enthusiasm
and excitement DO one heard the signals
for dpparture, and in consequence the
train was moving while Lord Roberts was
still on the platform with his back to the
carriage door. The farewells were ab
ruptly terminated, and he was forced to
make a somewhat undignified scramble
for hi.- seat, i!,. general disappeared
in tho salon carriage a final lusty cheer
was started and continued until the train
passed out of sight.
[•HAMPTON, Dec. 23.-On arriving
at Southampton. General Roberts was
heartily cheered by thousands of people,
and as he boarded the Dunottar Castle
between a guard of honor of marines and
bluejackets there was a renewed out
burst of applause. The Mayor and cor
poration olllcials were present
In spite of a thick fog which prevailed
the Dunottar Castle sailed at 6:25 p. m.
of th.- Paris
• bon
"•'n ; I ;urop< an 1
■
EXODUS FROM DAWSON.
Hundreds of Miners Traveling Over
land to Cape Nome.
TACOMA. Dec. 23.-The steamer Dirigo.
•which arrived this morning from Skag
u.-iy, brought down $20,000 in dust belong
ing to c. E Downey, a Klondike trader.
The Dirigo encountered very severe
weather coming down and had to lay to
three days before attempting to cross
MUlnank Sound.
Thomas Milton and Henry Wheeler ar
rived at Skaguay from Dawson last week
They bring hows of the death of the
Markham brothers, formerly well-known
citizens of Walla Walla. John Markham
left Dawson in October for Cape Nome
and was killed on the I^ower Yukon by
capsizing of his skiff. His brother Bert
received news of his demise in Dawson in
November. The following week Hen
Markham was killed while freighting
from Dawson to Dominion Creek. His
mule sled piled high with goods tipped
over in a steep place, fatally injuring him.
The Markham brothers had been engaged
in packing over Chilkoot Pass and were
well known to KlondikcrK.
Milton and Wheeler report that nearly
TOO men have s-tartcd overland down the
i ukon for Cape Nome. They were met
all along the I'pper Yukon, between Le
Barge and Skaguay. Few had dog teams
but most of them were hauling supplies
on sleds. There were nearly 2t<> scows
frozen in above Dawson. At Scow Island
near the mouth of the Stewart River, are
liny-six scows, whose owners have un
loaded them on the island.
ADVENT OF THE SANTA FE.
Estimated That Through Trains Will
Be Running in Forty Days.
LOS ANGELES, Dec 23.— From present
Indications the Santa Fe trill bo Derating
its through linos Into San Francisco In
less than forty days. While the exact
dale has not been llxod General Freight
A sent E. A. Chambers, who has turned
from a ton days' tour of Inspection of the
line, says It will be about February 15
He also says that the company's " ter
minals are ready for work at Point Rich
mond and that the now denot at the foot
»if .Market Mreet- is .ready "to n-celve the
public. The necessary ferry boats and
lighters also have hern secured. A ni-i
rhants' excursion from I^os Angles and
■ H I* mnclt:co . as formerly contemplated,
will be. one of the methods of dedication
General Mendozn Slnin.
CARACAS. Venezuela. Dec. 23.— 1t is an
nounced here that General Luciano Men
dozo. commandcr-in-cliief of the Govern
ment tnv;ns operating aprainn the rovo
utlfiiiary Wader Hernandez, has been
kllie-i by Cclc-.t'iio Peraza, as a result of
a private «marrel.
Wyn^ate Succeeds Kitch-ner.
■
niun.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SI'XDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1899.
BARK COLUSA ABANDONED,
BUT ALL HANDS SAVED
Captain and Crew Endure Four Days of Terri
ble Sufferings in Open Boats on a
Stormy Sea.
VICTORIA. B. C., Dro. 23,-The hark
Coluaa has foundered. She went
down In a hc-avy M.rm off the far
Aluj-kan coast All hands wore
• •i. Captain Ewirt. his wife
and the crew of thirteen men ar
rived here this afternoon by the Alaskan
mall steamer Cottage City, en route to
Han Francisco, where the captain and
most of the ship's crew have their homes
iirsd friends. They were picked up by the
Bteamer at Sitka, having reached the old
Alaskan capital after four terrible <ia> ■•■•
In the small open boats of the Colusa.
They Buffered a great deal, several "i
them being badly frozen. All were nearly
dead from the awful privation endured
during those terrible four days, during
which they were tossed from wave to
wave iii the frozen northern waters.
With their arrival the story of tn.^ n-ei«t
:ai. d tn the oblivion.
en blunders. Tin- vessel Men tv
:..-rn inns!
• many then sup
■ i w:i^, .'. anger
eto 1 ■:• Vancouver i
>ays, at the identical moment
.ii appear
tin rocks off
and on the same day the
.. bark go
about iii th'
• ■ • Ll ■ :.. .
a full k tp her from the
I
"They were wrong about our going
down then." gaid the captain. Extracts
from the- Jog of the Colusa tell the story
of her last voyage as follows: After
leaving Kahului on the morning of Oc
tober -■:. In tow of the steamer Claudlne,
bound for Esquimau, where repairs
which were made necessary by the acci
dent sustained when entering Kahului
were to be made, line, fair weather was
experienced to the beginning of Novem
ber, when heavy gales from the southeast
were encountered. Day after day the
heavy winds prevailed, with high seas.
On November 12. Cape Flattery light was
made out about 9 o'clock, bearing north
northeast, distant about sixteen mllos.
The barometer then was going down fast
and the gale increasing In violence from
the southeast. The ship was unable to
malTe the straits, and Captain Ewart put
her about on the port tack. The fierce
gales continued, forcing her to the north
ward if the entrance of the straits. There
were also a number of other vessels un
able to get in because of the storm,
among those made out being the High
POOR PROSPECT OF
PRESENT MEDIATION
Great Britain DetermiQed Tfyat
Peace Can Only Come flfter
DefeatiQg tt)e Boers.
WASHINGTON, Dec 23.— N0 Intimation has been received by Secretary
Hay from the Boer Government that it desires the mediation of the United
I am able to make this statement ->n hlph authority, but even If a
■ .• il from the Transvaal authorities for mediation
by this country it would certainly be refvsed uoleflS (treat Britain were to
t she would not be avei :h action by thi.~ Qovernment!
This is the administration view. The authorities understand that It Is the
purpot Britain, now that she baa •■mbarked upon the war. to carry
out tin the and, and this moans in their opinion the destruction
and South African Republic and extension of
British sover» Ignty over those countries,
- dent li< Kinle] would undoabtedly be willing to aid in the reatora
• peace if n ■•re to be made by i>oth belligerenCs, but he feels
that it would not be proper for him to a?k each country to permit him to use
ti,. Drsi move must be mad< by. them, otherwtoe the ad
mlnistration ottirims p;iy this Government is apt to be met with a rebuff
which would nut !>•■ pleasant. Lord Salisbury several weeks ago announced
thai England would not tolerate Interference, and this announcement has
■ i aa meaning that she proposes to carry on the war. in diplo
matic circles here, it Is stated that th«r<- is qow no chance of intervention
l>y contii ental Eharope, ami the fact no move Is bfing made in that direction
• i that Great Britain will be permitted to carry on the war without in
terference.
l.y ttic Associated Press.
LONDON. Dec. 23.— Not for many years
past has Great Britain faced such a sit
uation as confronts her this Christmas.
Yet, to meet It, there has arisen a new
Britain, which by its virility and pluck
extorts admiration even from her bitter
est Continental critics. Since the boast
fulness has disappeared from th.- British
press, the comments of the foreign pa
pers, at least as far as printed here, are
couched in tones far more fair and friend
ly than when it was believed a speedy
victory awaited General Buller.
rted, thi r>' Is no likoli
hooi of European Interference, y«t \v. T.
In the Dally Chronicle to-day has
.1 very nlarminp column, in which he has
: :|'< rior Jameson raid" i>y
IOJOO Prenehmen on London in tiie ab
..: the channel Beet. Mr. B
out bow easily, in Ids opinion, this
mi^'i' ■ mplished, and says:
"To rely, U some appear to do, upon
tho addition of a number of raw recruits,
under the excitement and stimulus of the
I warfare-, is to rely on a broken
Woolwich arsenal might be In
- and th<- French trl-color flying
over Westminster palaco before the tirsi
of these new recmlta wuuld have learned
to hajidl.' a Klin."
Though <!r.;it Uritidn's pliKht In South
Africa !-. »-ms temporarily critical, it is
learned that the Boeri are straining every
to seeorc the m<diatlon of Presi
dent McKlnley toward a favorable ;
But any on.> with the slightest knowledge
of British feeling quickly appreciates that
not on<- person In a million contf-mplates
any result but an ultimate British tri
umph, and all sections unite In saying this
must be secured, no matter what the
Bence th<- Boer agents themselves
have only slight hopes that mediation
DEFAULTER'S SUICIDE.
Plunges to His Death in the Waters
of the Mississippi.
ST. LOUIfI Dec a Weary of trying to
eludf in.- of&ceni, a. \v Peterson, County
in r m| Yuukti.Ti (.'utility. 8. L)., who
tlc«i from Tankton after ■ ■hortaft in his
accounts h.-nl tx en fliscoTered. took his
n»!i lift- by plunctng Into the Mississippi
River here. Deckhands on tti«- ferryboat
Alnnzo C. I'hurch to-dny foun»l the bo4y,
whi< h had been in tho water apparently
only ■ short time. Engraved on a silver
carocaae in one of the pockets was the
;iod a<Mr«ss, "A. W. Peterson,
Yankton, 8. D."
A dispatch frr.m Yankton says that A.
• rs'.n h;is been missins from there
i 16.
Mrs. Cook Acquitted.
SANTA ANA. Dec. 23.— Mrs. Thomas
Cook, who shot and killed her husband
several months aco in a fit of desperation
caused by his infidelity, was acquitted by
the Jury this evening after a deliberation
of less than fifteen minutes. Cook was a
desperate character and was known as the
terror of the Peat lands."
Struck by a Live Wire.
T,\ CRUZ. Etee I': -This afternoon
I a Must on the Kelton road caused a rork
trikc ;m electric wir.\ which f-i!
S tlio workmen. William Quinlf-v
' • if bhoc-k. The othira ea-
land Light and schooners American Girl
and Liber tad; the Falkenberg was also
seen. Of these only one made port.
On November 22 the bark was still be
ing carried northward and was getting
close in to the Vancouver Island shore,
on which the sea was breaking fearfully.
The American Girl was then again seen,
seemingly under short sail. She was not
Hying any distress signals. The wind was
blowing heavily on shore. The Colusa
was forced to put up all the canvas .-lit'
could carry to bring her around and keep
her • from the rocks. She was Jibing
heavily In a very heavy sea and the bulk
of .water in the- lee bilge turned the bal
last to mud. To add to the difficulties
confronting the crew it was feared that
the ballast would shift, and extra shift
ing boards were put on. Then she began
to make' water, and night <uid day the
men were at the pumps. ' t
The gale gradually increased in violence
until the 2oth. when it was blowing with
hurricane force, the ship running before
It at the rate of eleven knots an hour.
There waa, too, a fearful sea running.
Then began the eighteen days of terror
days when the sufferings of the crew can
better be imagined than described. With
every suck of the pumps up came laifce
quantities of the bark's ballast. The
pumps were bringing up her moistened
stiffening and she was getting very ten
der. With every lurch of the monster
seas all the ballast in the hold surged
back and forth. All the spare. sails and
sacks thai could be obtained were used
In the effort to hold the mud in. Tin*
water tanks were also sent down In the
hold, filled with the mud and secured.
Thus it was for the whole time. That
night the barometer went down to 2S.u»J.
The ship tossed alarmingly and showed
signs of breaking up, the scarfs and cov
ering boards playing open .two Inches.
Captain Bwari then sent down the top
gallant yards, cutting them up to get
them below. The anchor and chains w< re
got out of their lockers and sent into the
hold, in Tact, everything that was mov
able, including the beef and pork, was put
in the hold. "It was an awful time." said
Captain Ewart. "None of us thought we
WoUld pull through alive. The ship was
threatening every moment to -capsize un
der us. The whole crew, headed by the
mate. then came to me and requested me
to abandon her and take to the boats. I,
however, refused to leave her until the
hope of at length getting her Into some
place of refuge failed."
Da] after day the crew continued to
pump and out came the ballast In alarm
ing quantities, giving the vessel a heavy
list to port. Hoping against hope the
plucky American sailors stayed with her
and on the morning of December 10 the
entrance of Sitka harbor was made out.
At last a haven of refuge was In sight
, would be accepted, though believing if
lent M' KinUy could be persuaded
to proffer It. Ix>rd Salisbury, though per
haps bound to refuse, would lose human
itarian sympathy In the dnlted Btates
and thus divert to the Boers much wav
ering sentiment
The Associated Press Is Informed from
excellent sources that no offer of nv-dla
tlon would be accepted by l-ord Salisbury
iin any shape or form. The popular con
ception of peace Is that it must come
through the idol o f the army. General
Roberts, and his no los adored ch!>f of
s-taff. General Kitchener. The. country Is
preparinK to wait indefinitely for that
event The fall of Kimberley, Ladysmith
and BfafeUag would not make a partic:e
of difference, fur this nfoical resolve is
thoroughly Imbedded in the hearts of the
people, who for the first time In the mem
ory of this generation have drink deeply
ol ttie cup «{ military d< feat and disgrace
An] other defeats thai the future boids
lor Britain, except entire annihilation, are
anticipated by the scathing criticism
which tin- nation has Inflicted upon Itself.
Estimates of the duration of hostllitks
vary from three months to a year.
The lack of news this week has by no
means been taken as an instance of the
ndage regarding no news. A very general
Impression prevails that Kimberley will
succumb. An officer of the British South
African Company, who has an intimate
knowledge of South Africa, says he be
lieves that if the Boers capture Cecil
Rhodes they will shoot him.
Nowhere other than on the Stock Ex
change ha* th-- lark of Information caused
excitement or nervousness. It 1b realised
that If KimlM rl. y taDfl Do Beers mine
share* and interests will shrink to noth
ing, while the Charteced Company's vast
will lose what little bottom th- v
have left.
SALE OF A RAILWAY.
Baltimore and Ohio Company Buys
the Monongahela River Line.
BALTIMORE, Doc. 23.-An important
rHilroa.l <]cal which has been prndlnj? for
some time was concluded y. st.rday when
the Haltimorv and Ohio Kallrua.l <'om
liany PMchne d for cash tho Mononffa
hela River Railroad Poaventon of Urn
n. w property win pan in April next. The
road is said to have cost $2.0U0.<M» ton
years ago, and th.- price paid is report. .1
to have been $6.iw<>.ouo. Ex-Senator John
son N. Camdcn and his associates, who
owned the railroad, made the Ml*
In the sale to the Baltimore and Ohio I
Railroad the Moaongahela Company
maimalns th- cai interests, whl<-h in- '
ClUdfl over ttJOOQ acres of coal lands lo
cated in the Fairmont and Monongah
districts of West Virginia.
Tin- railroad runs from Fairmont to
Ciarksburs and unites the line of the
Baltimore and Ohio system running to
Chicago.
Accused Officials Acquitted.
PITTSBURG.. Dec. 23. -The decision in
the case of the city of Plttsburg agralnst
State Senator William Fllnn and others
Tor $200,000 damages was handed down at
I';*. opening of court to-day by Judge
wnlte. The defendants were acquitted,
The suit was In trespass and was based
on the allegation that ex-Assistant City
Attorney W. H. Bouse had loaned city
money to Senator Fllnp
and the crew tried to work the disabled
baric into the bay. All day they str
Without avail. That nl»;ht they burned
a blue light and put up rockets at inter
vals and all the next day signals of dls
tresa were flown at every mast, but no
one saw their -itgnals. The weather bad
then moderated somewhat and t: •
omparatlvely calm. At last on De
cember 11, it seemed as though they
would be able to pet her to the entrance
of Sltka Bay. The pilot ti-ig was kept
flying, together with the inverted union
und distress signals.
They were all but safe when the wind
g up and drove them back t
The barometer went down rapidly nnd the
sky was threatening. Tin wind freshen
ed until it blew heavily from th-
ward, driving the bark further and fur
ther out to sea. The water was fast
Ing in the hold. Then the whole crew
went aft and demanded that the ship be
abandoned, otherwise they would take the
and leave the master and his wife,
should ihey not fall in With th.-lr wishes.
There was nothing for it but to go and
at 2 o'clock that afternoon the heavy west
erly swell was tearing the vessel consid
erably. Then the bouts were put over,
provisions and what few effects could be
say.d were cut in them, and the shin was
left to her fate The sailors lost sight of
her half an hour after they left her and
believe her to have foundered or eap
s'z< <\.
When leaving h^r. Captain Bwsri I
graph of her, h;< camera having
b. •• n put in the boat with the "t 1
i >f the four dayi sih-m' in the b irks
Lin :in<l bis crew will say
littlf beyond reiterating the faci thai they
.i awral time. Fortunately they were
kltoffether without provisions, but
mm h - had was not any too
plentiful or too g i They bore up well
though and labored at the oars, gradually
working the boats through th'- nlsri
to the Alaskan coast. Several of th«m
had their limbs frozen and others ar<
Buffering from the off>ot« «>f the exp<
they 'liii ultimately r. ach ti.
the) Were unable to m.ik.- ;< landing ss
the coasi is of high cliffs, with \:
rr>ok? with •'• "■;> water close around th»-m.
They beat down end on the fourth day
after they left the *hV reached Sttka,
they were given food and
until th.' arrival of the r ty.
Captain Ewart says the Jonah of the
Coluftn was a black eat Thf crew had it
on th.- Cottage Cl<> with them, it having
lumped from the lost vessel when they
left her.
Black cats are ir<ttlng a hard name at
Victoria. That of the Falkenberg was a
hoodoo of tb>- mist pronounced type on
the t'lkT Laorne, a series <>i troubles '>n tha»
having Just culminated In the dis
missal of her nKist.r and chief engineer.
ROSE CARNIVAL
AT PASADENA
First-Ciass Programme
Arranged
WORK OF LOYAL CITIZENS
♦
PRIZES OFFERED FOR THE BEST
DECORATED WAGONS.
Special Dlapatch to The Call.
PASADENA. Dec. 23.— TWb olty"s an
riiiil tournament of roses, to be hold Jan
vary 1, 1900 , ■ Id be Uw most sue
.l yet held. It will be the eleventh
of the M rles. The Idea originated with
th- Valley Hunt Club, an organization of
society people, who met at Intervals to
follow the hounds. On each New Year's
morning since ISS3 there has been a grand
parade <if vehicles and equipages, pro
fusely decorated with flowers plucked
from the planta and bushes that wave In
th/- ->oft winter breezes. On the coming
occasion* thf-re will be afternoon sports In
■ tl. M near the town, consisting of ath
1. tic contests, horseracing, rough riding
and novelties. Prizes are offered for the
best features in the parade and for the
events In the afternoon.
After the Valley Hunt Club had given
■.: successful tournaments the peo
ple of the town took the enterprise oit its
hands, and since then it has been a pulnic
demonstration of the pride and loyalty
of the citizens. The Tournament of Roses
Association was formed, comprising the
in' B1 enterprising business bm n and must
loyal citizens. Officers are elected annu
ally to promote the tournament. Ther«
are now about 3W members of the associa
tion, each paying *"> Initiation fee and $2 50
per rear dues, in addition to this there
is an Independent ■übscriptlon fund, lib
erally supported. There is nothing obliga
tory in the association or the tournament
Public spun v-, depended upon to insure
the payni. ni of dues and contributions
Any one delinquent is not expelled the as
sociation, t>ui la allowed to remain under
coals of lire. This plan has proved so
successful that there Is always a balance
in the treasury after the annual bills are
paid.
The officers of the association for 1900
are: H. h. Uertal, president; C. w
Smith, first vice president; James 11
Campbell, second vice president; P IL
Green, treasurer; Theodore Coleman sec
retary, Dr. F. F. Rowland. C. M. Davis
f. X rwombley an.! Frank P. Uoynton
directors; Martin H. Waiglu. director
gfrneral. The director general has all of
th< work on ln.s bands, and reports to the
board and Is by them Instructed when
jary. n, has been at the h. ; ad of af.
fairs for two or tin., years, and is a mom
successful organiser and promoter
A large number of invitations have been
issued to schools, lodges, municipal bod
ies, leading hotels, etc. The decorations
are to consist principally of floral designs
There i.s plenty of material for such de
signs here at all times, and this winter
there promises to be a larger supply than
usual because of the early and satisfying
rains. *
The classes of entries this year include
the following: Clubs on foot, secret so
cieties on foot, conveyances of social or
ganizations or clubs, lady equestrians
gentleman equestrians, pony with glri
rider, pony with 1-oy rider, six-ln-hands
four-in-hands, Boats, double pony teams
■ingle pony teams, double Shetland pony
teams, single Shetland pony teams, tan
dem pony teams, novelties decorated with
pampas plumes, pepper boughs, etc.. boys'
brigade. Pioneer Society, double teams
single teams, tandem teams, municipal
apparatus, public schools, private schools
Major General "William T. Shafts has
E»«.»«,«•«*«*E »«.»«,«•«*«*. *. «. t .f .fun itilitMiM»HMltiM»<»j|
"DR. PIERCES ELECTRIC BELT."
WORTH ITS WEIGHT . r\ r AUK _.-_ __.«
.. » GOLD. i /\\/\\/'/Y\r- lame BACI CTIBtD
I IS GOLD. I A/\L4aJ//\IV July U UM
Nov. l»th. W. \Ulim* *\' '"VT l|H>i>l ' Pletre EUctrlc Co '
, Dr. Pierre Si Son: J>^&'f^ . ■jA ■■ -gLJLrj^g**" Oents: Your Electrlo
I take tleasur* In jSZS- *S£f \' l^Bt «m£L jl^Kk. Belt cured me of a
' ' writing you a letter to /gfgKiSy^/ftl < X >V. V^^ifflk Uir, HacK of TH I R-
■ Inform you that lam tX&ThXK /,^iV^V' V\\ /TvWB'A TYT W°YEA It 3'
4> one of the lucky nuni- ■XL /\\ / ' NN > | V // \ l^^/J »««ndlnr. I rot th«
ber. I purchased one V^.TtW _*• -I / s Jofl i.* - 1 1 t'.cht year» ajro
< > of your Eleotrlc belts zxFWtoSt*^' */ fllf 1 ll m EiJBnt c Ul!& IUI(J Us^ it only a
April E, '98 anJ wore • hort tlm ' »n« from
 had «-em»ral nervous ' I " Lri V*— '/ » Tours very truly
. . troubles that had bothered me, for It "xrf V»-»_ CETUAOO ESTRADA
4 ' jeftm YOUR BELT la WORTH ITB >»HL/«-^ OphJr Cal
b WEIGHT IN GOLD. Respectfully, rTThm.«^. R.i -S2. iiu v
II ri, %> vriF" X- 7 l^> [/TJinuunili of cares like the
»'■„ vi... 'n.l 'I roreirotng have been made by Dr
i ■ . - • Rio ' Ist*. C* l - . . Pierce', world-rer.ownrd Electrtdr
i AUd^M^" Partlcula ™ ■•»« ■*° Bt "nP 'or "BOOKLET NO. Vor cail at th. offlc.
;; PIERCE ELECTRIC CO..
I TV^.^^?-^ rK TToT l ooo t A, PP * l4CeHotrt> Eastern oJfio.: Na> „
CHICAGO'S SOCIAL
STRUCTURE SHAKEN
Depravity of a Portion of the
Smart Set Revealed by Mabel
Powell's Suicide..
CHICAGO. Dec. 23.— The sensational sui
cide, if suicide it really was. of Miss Ma
bel Powell, daughter of Mrs. Suaan M.
Powell, and heiress of the late S. M. Pow
ell, a millionaire lumberman, in a notor
ious house kept by Carrie Watson, early
yesterday morning, has Riven sociologists,
psychologists Bad scandal mongers one
of tho most fruitful themes furnished by
this city in many a day.
Miss Powell arrived at the resort at
about 'i o'clock in company with a young
i n who ha -i at the
Northern Hotel since Decea
rinK *S "Mrs. C H W.Ms. Cincin
nati." The latter WOman'l Identity seems
t" be shrouded In inysu-r>. The two
• . so fur as known, met for the
Sral time ■ v . . k .ip- > last Monday at a
downtown dramatic MhooL Since that
time they L;h! been fast friends, and Mi?.--
Powell, after quarreling with her mother.
who did not approve of her new acquaint
unc.\ had left her home, ostensibly to be
come .1 mi. . : t Mrv w. Us at the hotel.
us: Mrs. W.-ils and
M Powell left the <ir<?at Northern ana
to the Auditorium A: •:.. \
Louis nrachemath, ■ whotaamle n.^rhin^
dealer at ~i Market
th»- liot.jl with ;i friend, a jronn| man
known in Chicago tOdal and busln-
Muth johiik mt n kn.-w Miss Powell,
ha tri»-ii.i bavins been a fre
(jut-nt gueat at the young wontn'i borne.
Powell ;: them to Mrs.
"Toe ladlei asked us to mmc and fit
with th. m while they .lln.-d, • said Mr.
Wachsmutfa to-day. "We went to privute
dining-room No. 7. Tht-r.- supper was
served. A number of drinks v\.-r.
during th.j meal. Th. ladles I
they had an engagement with Ferdinand
Peck Jr. and Nelson Barnes. Aft>-r we
had I'- en with them a short time Mi
and Mr. 1» ... n.. and my frlt-ad
aid 1 left." •
The meeting with Peck, who is a son of
the American director of the Paris Ex
position, nnd i:.ii n< i whose father Is a
director of the American Book Company,
took place at li>:3U o'clock. From that
hour until after midnight the party re
mained at the Auditorium Annex, and
during thai time drinks were served fre
quently. The beat evidence of this lies In
the fact that the Mil was $42 50, of which
m was for wine.
Whether or not the younjc wouid-h*»
bloods wren too tired to acconpaay th»-
Kirls or wantonly turned thf two unduly
'exhilarated females loose In « 'r.
•treeti at 1:10 o'clock in the morning H
r..>t known. At any rate, a f*-w n:inut.-s
after that hour •!.• women appeared w'tli
<Mit an escort at ■ resort <>n Wabaah aye-
DOe k»'|>t l>\ Al Austin and Indolf,
»i rar.bit rtii.l all to th«»
■>f the moal notortout of low
us, and after a few roundu <>f
]>\>- boose walked, SO they say. to thi-
Watson w i ice, four blocks away.
on Llark It)
They were admitted by a colored ser
vant, who recognized them as visitors to
the place a week ago last Monday night
In company with two m"n. Inside the
resort Mrs. Wells and her companion
walked Into the large "ballroom" and
purchased drink-. Both young women
danced and sang. Miss Powell ordered
drinks, and when they were pervert »he
raised a glass and proposed a toast:
"There's no place like home." she cried,
"and a mother's love Is best of all."
She then left the others and stepped
Into a bathroom. After about fifteen min
utes a colored servant, noting Miss Pow
ell's continued absence, entered the bath
room and found her kneoling on the floor,
her head bowed forward. The servant
attempted to raise the young woman to
her feet and found she was unconscious.
Assistance was summoned and the limp
form was carried Into the brightly lighted
"ballroom." It was at first thought Miss
Powell had fainted, but when the dis
colored lips were seen the fear that she
had taken poison came over the Inmates
of the place. Her clothing was loosened,
and while' a servant hurried for a physi
cian everything wa* done to revive her.
Her heart beat faintly. The women In
the place set about rubbing her limbs, and
ice was placed under her head. She lived
<$-♦-..-♦-.;.-♦-:-♦-:-♦-.;.-♦-.:-♦-:-♦
accepted an Invitation to ride In the par
n<i.- v.ith his *taff and a military escort.
Ttfp* parttds passes throußh the esutf of
the town, anil Is th>-n reviewed fn>m the
Judges' stand, and prizes are awarded the
bfst displays in every olai>n. The event*
In the short programme, to be held In
the afternoon on the Patton grounds In
clude ranchman's race, one-half mile, to
paddle (hnrse* must have done regular
ranch work within one month of th.>
race); steeplechase dash, course of about
two mlleH. over *!x hurdles; flat race.
cat« h wviKhtu; broncho race; pony race
to harness; nymkhnna mces. These last
race! are Imported from India, where
they are very popular. They are trick
races. In which the contestants must put
on coat and vest while In full career,
carry an e>?K In a spoon to the end of
the course and perform similar feats of
dexterity and skill In order to qualify for
the prize.
Judgment Against a Railway.
PAOLA. Kan?.. Dec. 23.— 1n the District
Court to-day the grain firm of W. H.
Harris & Co. of Kansas City was award
ed a Judgment for $46.52? against the Mis
souri. Kansas and Texas Railway for
failure to deliver a quarter of a million
bushels of corn in. Mexico on specified
time. In a previous trial the firm secured
Judgment or $42,000. but appealed and was
granted a new -trial. Th.- grain was
shipped to Mexico In 1892 during the food
famine In that country, and because of
delay In transit the complainant set up
that they lost considerable money.
Farmers' Institute.
SAN JOSE. Dec. 23.-The San Jose
<~;r;in»;e to-day decided on February 2 and
3 as a suitable time for holding a farm
ers' Institute. Messrs. Sanders. Glendon
nlnn and Hayes wire appointed a p.,m
mlttee to co-opernte with other organiza
tions and arrange a programme. This in
stitute is looked forward to as an Import
ant one. as It will follow so etoscly on the
convention to be held here for organizing
the fruit growers.
Burglars Captured.
COVEI/O. Dec. 23.— Two half-breed Indi
ans named Ben Oraves and Smith Oarde
were arrested to-day on a charge of at
temptine; to rob Zaccarlnl's Arcade saloon
last nlßht. The half-breeds used a brace
and bit. boring several holes in the front
nd around th.' lock and takinjf the
panel nut. They wore evidently alarmed
win!.- at work. After being arrested this
morning they conf. -
Doraan B. Eaton Dead.
MiTW rORK, Dee 23.-I>orman Brldire-
le»s than five minute*. Th^ ph
f .tind h.-r lifeless.
The police were summoned and the body
was taken to the Morgue at 'Zl East
Adams street. Mrs. Wells was taken to
th.- Harrison-street Annex by tho police,
to await the Coroner's inquest.
This Is tho story told by the police and
la all that the Coroner would permit to bo
adduced in evidence at the int|ucst. Ow
ing to the social nnd financial prominence
of the women. Mrs. Wells being a rich
widow of a recently deceased Cincinnati
► ton-- dealer, and of th" men who hail
been their partners In the orgio not only
of that fatal Thursday night but of every
night for ten day* past. gr*at influence
was brought to hoar not only on the po
lice and Coroner but upon the newspapers
to keep the fact from getting before tho
public. Every attempt to permit Mr».
Wells when on the stand to tell who had
visited Watson's resort with her was
frustrated by the Coroner, who cxplalm-ii
afterward it would never do to have tho
fact established under oath that It wa*
quite the fad for mil'- and female mem
bers of Chicago's best circles to visit such
a place as that for the purpose of drink-
Ing .wine with and being entertained by
Its inmates. _
Mrs. W. In denies that Miss Powell com
mitted suicide, giving as the eauso of Jirr
companion's death an overdose of pher
acltlne, takrn for headache. From hint*
let drop, In splto of the Coroner's caro to
nvold allowing the facts to .t« told, ry
Maude Flynn. manager of tho place in
which the tragedy culminated. Miss Pow-
HI, It seems, became Insanely Jealous T>*»
cause of the caresses bestowed by Mr?
Wells upon an Inmate of the house. ornl
In a fit of pique took the poison and died.
The testimony of the physicians nh.i
made the autopsy was very vague, hut.
summarized, was to the effect that th*
girl had died as the result of narcot:
polsoning.
Both women were remarkably beauM
ful and. as they were rich, had every
thing to live for. The revelations macf\
In spite of the strenuous efforts at f*
crecy regarding the rotten state of Chi
cago society, has been n severe shock t.<
the city's social structure and who'e
sale departures of members of the so
called smart tel for Southern and Euro
pean J to await the blowing over
of the storm will now he In order.
The rt-mains of M
to-nlKht to Paris. 111., where her bf
whp is :i rlrh n; • r. has his I
The Interment will r ,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i
1 1|| HIT |
i
I
i
|
DOCTOR
MEYERS & CO.
GIVE MEN
Lasting Vigor
And Cure the Following Ailments :
Private Diseases Lost MinhooJ
Kiiney Diseases Ntrvous D-M.'ltv
Bladder Diseases Sleeplessness
Liver Diseases DtsronJency
Heart Diseases Genrral Debility
S in* Diseases Loss of Memory
Stomach Diseases] Blood Poison
DR. METERS & CO. conduct th. lore-
eat and best equipped medical Institution
and have th. moat extensive practice in
th. world. They avoid th. us. of all
mineral, poisonous or dangerous drugs
and electric belt*. All their remedies are
carefully compound.4 from th« extracts
of buds, barks, berries, rums, roots.
leaven, plant*, etc.. In their private lab-
oratory, uithout eo*t to their patient*.
No Incurable Cases Taken.
PAY WHEN CURED.
PATIENTS MAT DEPOSIT THT
price of a cure in any San Franel»o>
bank, to be paid only after they are well,
or may pay In monthly Installments.
Prices reasonable. No Injurious medi-
cines used.
MEN ONLY.
DR. MEYERS A CO. are the onlf
specialists en the Pacific Coast mho
curt diseases and weakness of men
exclusively.
HOME CURES. FREE BOOK.
Thousands of men are cured at home
every year. If you cannot visit Pan Fran-
cisco, write for free private book advice
question list. etc. All correspondence
confidential.
No prlnttna; on envelope, or packages t .
Indicate name of sender.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
731 M/iivKer si., B. w.
Talc* Elevator to Third Ploo~
„ i Dally. ItoL
HOURS. I Evenings. ; to 1
I Sunday*. I to U.
|
i
i
!
If RJN 1 VaA Ga lOr^MJw
E« mT^i A vjs>js> i 3 M to ifl
fill H Ks9 C-l tWS D I ft-J8
■ Vr3 EiM/IS si "XL
dD I Ha efsg b3 Er^ D Ep3 E
■
g^^DR. HALL'S REINYIGORATOR
IbTH Five- hundred rewarj for any
fH^ "^ case we cannot cure. ThU secret
i— - J r-n.-)y stop. »|| i^,, JJ 6l^
*Sf BS J 1 , 0 ""- cure, tmlssicnj. impo-
23 HO -rr C T- >.r rtcocele - ««norrhoS«.
M R i; lee i- l ' lli i Stricture.. Lo.J
— BY Manhood and all wastln* eff-rt,
.T^dTiT bo?Uer""bo b U^. 0f «; t^rrnteel* n t!
BT?TUT E M & & dJr J " ALL « MEd!'aL.N
■ii . i te. 856 Broadway, Oakland, ral Alt,
for sal. at 10734 Mark.' .t 8. FT All pritats
diseases quickly cur«d. Send for frW bock.
WeeHy Gall $1.00 per YearEX=PRESIDENT OF GLOBE
BANK IS UNDER ARREST
Charles H. Cole Charged With Em
bezzlement and Misappro=
priation of Funds.
LOS UCOKLU Dee. 23.-As a result
of the closing of the Globe National Hank
of Ftnston lnst Thursday. Charles H. Cole,
who until last September had for
thirty years hem president of that Insti
tution, yas at an early hour this morn- ;
Ir.g arrested at the Hotel r.edondo and is
tr.-day detained nt hi* apartments at the
Van v - njrs by United States Marshal Os
horae. A complaint and warrant for I
<"ole> arrest started by mall from Ro.«
ton for Los Ar.geles this morning. It i* ''
paid that President N. H. Stevens of the
d'.Ftre^sed bnr.k. who succeeded Cole last
September, swore to the complaint.
The complaint charges Colo with the
* rahrrilf ment and misappropriation of
DOO.OM of the bank's mon»y. There are
four counts Sn the complaint. The Fed
eral District Attorney of Hoston to-day
telegraphed T'nlted States District Attor
ney Flint to arrest Cole and hold h!m In
ball that trill be In keeping with the i
crave chnraeter of the charge.
Cole came with his wife and son to Los
Angeles from the East last Sunday. Mrs.
Cole is In poor health, and It is stated
that tho family Intended to remain here
during the winter. They took handsome :
apartments at the Vnn Nuys and lived In
pood Ft vie. The son. Hi i ward H. Cole. Is a j
young man of about 30.
When United States Marshal Osborne
applied for admission to the apartments
occupied by th* Coles he was refused ad- ;
mlttance and greeted with the statement j
that Cole was not In Los Angeles. A see- j
cr.d visit brought young Cola to the door, j
He was informed that a warrant had be« n :
issued for his father's .-«rr« st. and that no I
advantage could accrue to bit* father by '
remaining In hiding. If such were his In
tention. The young man answered that ,
his father was not In the hotel! and then] ',
while the officer took a seat In the son's
room, the son Informed his mother of the
officer's visit.
Mrs. Cole Immediately dressed and re- :
ceived Mr. Osborne. she Is greatly di*- .
tressed over the turn h«r husbands «f- ,
fairs have taken, and she spoke bitterly
ot the action of the bank people. They
knew. . the said, that her hu.-band h.»s
been perfectly hotxst In his thirty years'
dealings with the bank.
After a dlseusMon lasting half an hour. ;
Mrs. Cole decided to tell the otttcer where
her husband was. on hearing of the batik j
suspension the day before her husband. ,
she raid, had gone to Kedondo to avoid |
newspaper reporters:
Mother and »on insisted that Cole had |
no Intention of running away, and the i
v< unir man offered to accompany I'tpuiy
Marshal McCulloch to Kedondo. An ->rd-
Ingly. a carriage containing the officer
and young Colt started for tne beach at
? oVlorU this morning. I»<iutv McClll
loch foutid the ex-bank president asleep j
at the Hotel Kedondo. The officer re- '
turned to this city with the father and I
i-un by the early train from the beach. ,
In the absence of a warrant of arrest.!
Mr. Cole «.u allowed to remnr.n in his j
r<»om at th° Van Nuys, pending an ap
pearance before the United States Com
missioner. .
Cole summoned Attorney William J.
llunsaker and ttv attort.t-y ppent eonsld
eratile time with his client. The banker
d«-<-llntHl to s.'e reporters, sending word
that he has nethlng t<» say for publication, j
A dispatch from Hoston this afternoon j
».ayn that a warrant for Cole's arrest j
ch.irs«»s him with willfully ml'snpprnpriat- j
!:.;• the funds .»f it:e Ji.'obe H«n«c Tour
we«*k.s r.irn, th<* dispatch a.dv*. <:ole turned
<i\»'r to thr b;ink his private fortune of a
million and a half and it was believed
that the restitution was complete.
The ex-bank« r i? wl?-p«M»se*s€>d. and
while i-homlng Ms ugltation never loses
rr.:.T..l of himself. Cole when s«"-en to
nlght. In a conversation, s.iid that he
gladly accompanied tlie officer to !-<>< An
tuUs atiri that he had no intention of dis
app< arin^.
•My absence from Hoston Is only tem
porary." lie said, "and 1 hope 1 will not
have to be returned there In the company
of o^icens."
Insi^aklng cf the charges against him.
be taid: "1 cannot ('.Jseu«s th«- affairs of
th* bank. In the absence «.f any of my
associates I would not do ;h!?. Purlns
tny l-.ng Inrumlx-ncy as president «.f tie
I ar.k there have been over-loans, but
these I made goo-1 tr 'in my private for
tune. This I can .!em«.nstr.tt^ to any ones
. r.Mre vatlsf.i' lion. 1 Intended to return
to Boston a* noon .-!.«: my wife's health
Mould p«-rmit. to «n: - wer all clmrfres nml
disprove «r explain everything that may
1., n k^d. I nm«t abide by my attorney's
Hdvlc* and refrain from saying anything
tnore."
Young Cole rerTncA n.«toun«led at the nc
rusatlons against h!s father. While de- !
• liting he Un«-w nothlns definite of his I
f.-ithT'« affairs nnd while not authorised
to rp«ak for him. fal-1 mat the, only ex
p!anatlon b«' could linn cine for bringing
ills fath«r Into th^ caw* was that the se
curities he had advanced t<> n.vrr ever
lonn« h.td tf»»on rendered ln*u:M<ii»nt »•>•
r«r»sr>n of sfeV: fluctuations. !!«• stated
thflt his father nwn«l copper min-s in |
Vtah. or an Int«-rosi In tliem. and intended j
to make ;»n Inspection of the proiKrrtics
nh his wny liHck to Hoston.
Judge Ifunsaker vhen s<*en «?»ld: 'M'ntH
the ii.i p»*rs arrive from the I'ast. whlih
uill i>^ on Ttiur*d;iv. t;<» fur\\\or move will
ADVZIITISEIiTEXTS.
THE HEALTH HA3IT.
Just as Easy to Form as Any Other.
We do rot delil>erately form our r"*t I
habits, but they are unconsciously ac-
quired and grow as we grow, arid by the
time we lenrn they arc hurting us. we
find them too strong to be easily broken.
Then, why not form a grxid habit, a
habit which will counteract the many bad
nr.e!». in other words contract the un-
fashionable habit of \<f\r>g always well?
The best health habit to g<t Into Is to
hnve and ke< p a vigorous stomach; if you
hnve n healthy digestion you can drink
your beloved coffee. Fmoke your favorite
brand of tobacco, with little or no harm;
<he mischief begins whf-n these things are
forced upon the faithful stomach with-
out any assistance.
Form the habit of taking after meals
pome harmless but efficient digestive
which will relieve the stomach of ko much
t xtra work.
Nature f'irnlshes us with such diges-
tives and wh«*n they are combined In
Fuch a pleasant preparation as Stuart's
I'yFpeppla Tablets, they give the over-
work»*d ttomach Just the necessary as-
ristanee to secure perfect digestion with-
out nny of the harmful effects of cathar-
tics and similar drugs.
The habit of takiug Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets after meals is v becessary to the
weak stomach as food Itself, and indeed
to get the benefit from food eaten nothing
better and certainly nothing nafer can be
used.
Many family consider Stuart's Tablets
as essential In the house as knives and
forks.
They consist entirely of natural diges-
tive principles without the en>ct or char-
acteristics of drugs; they have no ca-
thartic action, but pimply go to work on
the food eaten and digest It.
Tiike into recount your bad habits and
the expense they •■ntail and then invest M
cents In a box of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tab-
lets and see if your digestion for tho next
month is not vastly improved.
Ask the clerk In nny drug Ftoro th«»
name of the most successful and popular
Ftomnen remedy and he will say
"Stuart's."
minTiinr rM " * n(J " l r^ i *j
111 I I I I lilt di«u« rur.-d or no
UII U I I IUL i ■*> No detention
I 1 1 1 1 I II M I ircm bu»me»» I >RS.
{(II I iII I I MANFFIELD Ar< >X-
IIUI I WllU TEKFIELD. SIS Mar-
* ket M.. San Fr&aclaoo. ,
be made. A .l depends on the, papers. He
fore that time my client cannot be expect
ed to go Hast."
GLOBE DEPOSITORS
MAY BE PAID IN FULL
BOSTON. Pee. 23— The trend of affairs
! connected With the closing of the Globe
| National Hank In this city, for the flrst
time developed a criminal aspect through
I tho placing under surveillance of the
bank's former president, Charles H. Cole.
The charge against Mr. Cole Is the old
one of overdrafts and over-loans, many
! tv himself.
The action of Mr. Wing, the receiver of
the bituk. ordering the arrest, while .1
shock t«> the fnonas of tho former pr»-si
; dent, was not a surprise to those who
, haw l>een watching me course of events
I ai.d who were acquainted with the a:"
taira ot the bank. Humor was current
here lute yesterday afternoon that hucli
action would bo taken, but for a wh:ie
It was found Impossible to locate Mr.
Cole. Late last evening word was ■ re
; t tlvcd hero that he was on the l>aci:ic
[ Coast, and this noon came the news of
ills arrest .lust outside of Lo* Angeles,
where he had Journeyed with his wife and
Pon. A warrant wa.s sworn out during the
day In this city ar.d dispatched to-night
to Uns Angeles.
In the meantime the brokers and busi
ness men In the city are congratulating
themselves that the week i<r over and
the worst possibly la known. Just how
the affairs In the Ulobe Hank were al
lowed to reach such a stage is probably
known to few outside the former presi
dent, but it Is practically agreed that It
was a gigantic emulation in copper
stocks. In which Mr. Colo became so much
involved that the hank's money and cred
it was us«-d until now well nfgh exhausted.
The Inevitable result followed, except
that the closing of the bank was delayed
for more than a month, and during "the
ast week was holstered up by the Clear
ing-house, which paid Its indebtedness to
v f 'V''" l « lf many millions. The fact
thai the bank was In dltßculty. but yet
.i>in open through the aid of the Clcar
lng-hou^e. enabled Its depositors to with
draw their accounts, and a very large
number .111 so during the early part of
h™, TV'" 1 . 1 clt >' tlf Boston, which
through Mr. Cole's Influence wh#»n Sink-
v * t .\ UI ! , V om , mli!si " n< ' r - haJ p!uced near
ce th,?
«-mi l'h? , the /«' su!t that- that amount
Vnt«« v . l:i ; i for som<*m <* t'n-.e to come.
v i«°L*l l ji st ,? n i ln ,? ' - v> heary overloads
«m E W that the depositors
v Liv l mh }, in full , or nenrl >' so - an 'l that
«h m h t Bt ?cl<holders and directors
™i, wUI / uff T Unfortunately a largo
J'h. ft V* pavln P b anks are holders of
the Olobes stock, s., that the loss will
lions ma rood by these «tu
%\-TiT7e^rhe GToT)e^J,-ink probably will
STSLE?" ' fS doors araln - there seems to
h«,X ?i Pr ° Sp< L rt that th * r .Iway
bank will soon be on Its feot again.
VERDICT AGAINST
SPALDING'S BONDSMEN
CHICAGO. Dec. 23 -A verdict for $31 357
agalnst the bondsmen of Charles Warren
Epaldlns and In favor of the University
Of Illinois was returned to-day. Tho sum
sue.l fur was 5578.W3. the amount of unl-
JHSSifttf 1 . ln , t)le GJob^ Savings B ank ,
£ne «r C |ts S SllSef *>"»"'"': *t the
STANDARD OIL COMPANY
IN THE COPPER FIELDS
.^v% H.KK. Dec. C.T-Tho entrance of
the- fctar.dard OU Company into the copper
fields was brought iibvut by Henry v
Koger». who is credited with having en
gineered s-cveral Standard Oil ventures.
IJe.ore his advent names with which nitii
conjured one another m copper were YV.
A. Clark and Marcus I>aiy. Leonard and
Adoij.ih Lewltohn, Calumet and liecla
people in Boston; A. S. Ulgelow, closely
l-h-nttiled with the Lew.'solin* in Uutte
ard U0M01:. iuid Uoht.ii and Montana
H™ret nl^ : j **" li **& n ai)d Ueow
lv> S ers secured control of tho Anaconda
mine t.> purchasing stock from DnK
llaggin and the H.ai>t .state
Tne manner in which tk* original Ana
co-ula .juart.-t came together i*. interest-
Ing. Daly had discovered a property
vyniie acting in some capacity for wiuker
br.-s ,,f sail Lake. Tno c.ami wasTf
jei.jd t.i him at from Jl-.U'M t,. $15,^ but J
to huv <V Oi w. .V m .\ U: V suf »««»t mean*
r 1 1 over the mat
t-r on*? day standing on th* itfonn >■(
I»• i?J!W v st!ltlon al oWn7!uiuh" and
curslnirihlfl poverty und-hls ill lurk, the
overland express: drew Into the statloninn
its v*y to California. Among ill" Ken"
gcrs Day recognized a txienil, tSSSrS
IK-am, 1 hen a mining r-upiiu-.-r. ;, w)ll ,
ho had great conndonce. Drawing Hea?«
a?ld< Paly told him of the claim ,1 lv a
f«w miles away and expressed tneoDlnloS
' • : uums
'I'm dead broke." Hearst if reported to
have replied, "and I'm piloting a pan? to
California to look at a mine. I can't get
Itut Daly Insisted. , "Make yourself
H.-k. Ii« r.pli.-d. -and stay over. It will
driidJd - " V 3nd thC matter can be
H.-aist agreed and feigned Illness. The
party halted at Ogden. Ho Inspected the
rlnim :nM found I. ,xJI that Daly had rep- i
r.^nt^i. Then hurrying on to San Km ,
clrco he Intere^t.-d J. V.. Hacein In the
l! w:,= tl:. Un ut «lritarlo
md Is Mill .«~.«w in
While working the mine Daly took a
run over to Hiitte to look after Tome
miners that h,, had "gmb-staked" ihTre
iind who J. ; ,d located the Anaconda claim
It was acquired hy Daly and hH nS
»t"s l.ut. Btrancely enough, not as a cod-
Iht but as a gold and silver mine. P
SLAYER OF COUNT
YON BALLESTROM DEAD
MONTEREY. Doc 23-<:harlos Ablgor
th- man who pained great notoriety about
thro.- years ago as the slayer of tho Ger
ni:in Count. v..!, Ballestrom. at Point Lo-
U>s. near this place, was found dead i! his
room over Mdatrup ft Little's r.stuurunt
In thla city yeaterday. Abi <. r bad b^.r,
drlnSilnsr heavily for some time, but when
laat seen, a Fliort time before his death
he w;u» apparently in *.„„! health \.i
employ* ot the ri»muraiit having occasion
to ko Into the room oceuiiled by Ai/in-r
found him alone and apparently dead uid
lnun»-dlately Rave the alarm and a Why
* lIIHI - was summoned. The man was nan
help, however, having been dead FO m«
timv whm found. After a consultation
with other medical men the doctor Isbuod
a certificate of death from natural causes
No Inquest wi held, It is believed that
death was caused by excessive drlnkiriir
Ablßcr came of a wealthy family of
Hamburg, Germany, but was considered
the black sheep of the Hock. He had lived
In America for the past twenty yearn
Thn-e years aRO while he and Connt yon
Uallestrom were on a shooting trip at
Point L.obos. nine mlleH south of Monte
rey, the latter was shot and killed by the
former under peculiar clrcumHtance.s anil
great excitement throughout the commii
nlty was caused by tho tragedy The men
were entirely alone at the time of the
killing and Abicer claimed It was the re
sult of the accidental discharge of a Run
Many Incidents in connection therowltli
pointed to intention to kill on the part of
At>i>;<T. but proofs being wanting he was
dlscnarKed. Since then he has lived on
Mlchaells' ranch In Carmel. until about
four months ago. At that time a largo
rum of money was sent him by his family
in Germany, and coming to Monterey he '
started on a debauch that ended la his !
death yesterday. i
THE SAX FRANCTSCO CALL, SIT N DAT, DECEMBER 24. 1899.
LIBERAL CONTRIBUTIONS TO
THE LAWTON HOME FUND
Such Rapid Progress Made That the Committee
Believes the Sum Will Be Raised in Time
to Be Presented on Christmas.
T T TASHINGTON'. Dec. 23.— The
WASHINGTON, fund is coming
LawtOfl hume fund is coming
1/1/ along with most gratifying ra-
V U pidlty. The indications are now
such as to encourage the com
mittee which has undertaken to collect
the fund in the hope that. if the contri
butions continue at the present rate, it
will be able to carry out the Idea of mak
ing the fund a Christmas present to Law
ton's family. The total reported this
morning was $7449 55.
Secretary Root and Adjutant General
Corbln received ■ Hood of telegrams this
afternoon subscribing to the Lawton fund.
Among the subscribers was President Mc-
Kmley. who contributed $100.
Other subscribers to-day were the fol
lowing: E. S. Witherbee. New York. $50;
Oeorge Westlnghouse, Plttsburg, $500; A.
W B< per, New York. $100; W. E. Conner.
New York, $100; Charles R. Flint, New
York, BOS; W. Van Norden. New York,
$10); \V. Seward Webb. New York. $250;
through General Shifter. San Francisco.
525 C»; H. B. Cook, New York. $100; George
S. Howdoln. $100; C A. Peabody Jr., $100;
H. a Swords, $50; Alfred Van Santford,
New York. $100; Potter Palmer, New York.
$100; Tiffany & Co., $100; William C. Whit
ney. New York. $250; B. R. Winthrop, New
York. $100; Egerton Winthrop, New York,
•♦•♦•♦•♦ ••♦•.♦■; ♦• ♦ • ♦
1 $100; L. P. Morton. $100; making a total to
j day of $2050.
Professor Dean C. Worcester, a member
I of the Philippine Commission, who was
very near to General Lawton. made the
following statement to-day of the last
I conversation he had with the general be
fore his return to this country:
Nothing that could possibly be done would
please General LawUM more than th.- prompt
response that is t>< mc made t.i the appeal for
! funds to put his wife and children beyond the
reach of need.
His bravery was something more than mere
1 fearlescness. The night before i left Manila I
was with him until 12 o'clock, and Just before
bidding me SOOd-by. I begged him. us Ills
I friend* had begged of him hundreds, of times,
to be more careful about exposing himself to
! the fire of the .-neniy. At that time he had
I been seriously exposed on twenty-eight differ
ent occa»!on« Mnoe hi* arrival In the Philip
pines and I told him hr ought not la do It. He
replied that he knew perfectly the risk he wu
0 0
O^ll*<KHK><>OO<K>o<K>O<KH>o<K><K>^
OTo reasonable argument. You are disgusted, or you wouid not act as you do. So is everybody else dis" W^ l|^i^ W^\ 0
' ? gusted who has done as you have— filled their stomach with drugs of every description, thinking that by MW ' M^^Mlj $
Xso doing they could foil such diseases as Rheumatism, Lame Back. Sciatica. Lumbago. Nervousness or M /Np\ M'f^B X
$ Varicocele. Let me tell you right here, dear reader, that ELECTRICITY is the only remedy that will act Lv <g*> % oii^W 2
<j> upon these diseases as they should be acted upon: and. furthermore, that my Wife. _gg§os'§W 6
6 DR. SAN DEN ELECTRIC BELT. - ?
1 With its patent FELT electrode covers, which prevent that dreadful burning and blistering, has IP^^n a
$ yet to meet with a case of the above description which it cannot cure". a
0 I have a beautifully illustrated book. "THREE CLASSES OF MEN." which I will send S^^^^^^^^^^m^/ p
0 free to any one upon request; but if it is convenient call at my office and I will show and 6
v explain to you my latest 1900 MODEL BELT, which is the only one of its kind to-day. Con- -*nMW^sofiV' L W*' $
1 sultation and advice absolutely free. Office hours, 9to 6; Sundays, (Mo I. "** /CopYfiic>H Tto 6
? DIR T A GB/I A/n^A/ THIRD STREET. 1 SAIN FRANCISCO ' CAL. o
f& *-* MA m M m **% » <^J*% / W JL*O aW /W 9 H9'-> South Spring Street, Los Angeles, CaL Russel Building, Porthnd. Or. - T
O*iJ<KK>O<KK><><X><KK>oO<>o<K><><>O<H)^^
0 6
running, but that It was simply a matter of
business with him— that with the force at his
disposal and the work that he was called upon
to do. he felt It necessary that he should per
sonally direct every movement. Th.- toss of .i
little time or nn error of Judgment on the pan
•of a subordinate might result In defeat, and
we could not afford to be defeated. Further
more, he knew that so lons as he was with
them his men would never fall to pond to
any request or call that might I. made upon
them, and hi* personal bravery was an inspi
ration to every Midler In his command-
Up t.-id me that he hud not an anxious
thought for himself, thai he bad been a soldier
nil his life, and would gladly die a soldier's
death, but he thought of what might be In
store for his wife and children if he should be
taken, and this weighed heavily upon him. No
man ever deserved better of his country, and
General Lawtoa'a countrymen will see to It
that Ills wife and children are put beyond the
fear of want.
' Major General Shatter, acting: as chair
man of the committee to which haa been
delegated the task of collecting subscrip
tions on this toast for the benefit of the
family of the late General Henry W.
I-awton, has Issued • circular letter which
will t>e distributed all over the Western
section of the country, calling upon all
good patriots who ;ir.' financially able to
do so to contribute to the fund. General
Shafter is desirous that all publicity pos
sible be given to the movement, and such
publicity as it has alr.aily received in the
columns of The Call Is warmly appreciat
ed, as Indicated In the following com
munication:
Headqdarters Department of California.
San Francisco. Dec. 23, is».
Editor The Call. San Francisco. California
—Dear Sir: I have been very much gratified
at the publicity given to the matter of th*
Lawton fund In the columns of Th« Call,
and bespeak your continued encouragement
and assistance In the same manner for that
most worthy enterprise.
I shall send to The Call every evening a
complete list of contributions to the Law ton
fund tor that day. Please find herewith a
list of the subscriptions received up to De
ceinl- • 13.
From the efforts now being made on be
half of this fund throughout the coast I
confidently expect » generous response
from the people In this section of the West.
The attached letter has been sent to the
boards of trade, chambers of commerce.
Mayors and prominent citizens In the coast
States. Very respectfully yours.
WM U. SHAFTER.
Major General United States Volunteers.
Following Is a copy of the circular let
tor referred to:
Headquarters Department of California.
San Francisco. Cal., Dec. *3, ISD3.
Pear Sir: The adjutant • general of the
army hns appointed me, as the representa
tlve'of the War Department, to receive con
tributions from the people of the Pacific
Coaal for the benefit of the widow and chil
dren of the late Major General Henry W.
Law tun. killed In action before San Matec.
Philippine Islands. December W. UN, a.nd
l respectfully follclt your assistance in
making the donation from the coast a gen
erous one.
The history of General Ijiwtnn's splendid
military career li 100 well known to require
recounting here. His life lias been one of
devotion to the military service, and he
fell In battle while defending his country's
flag.
His widow and four children will be left
in straitened circumstances unless the mort
gage covering hla orange grove at Kedlands,
C..1 . le liquidated.
1 am confident that the patriotic and
grateful i pie of the Pacific Coast will
respond generously to this most worthy ob
ject, and that enough money will be raised,
not oniy to pay the mortgage, but to leave
a substantial margin In addition for the
use of the family.
Remittance* should be sent to the under
signed at army headquarters. San Fnui
cleco. which will be acknowledged by let
ter and through the columns of th» news-
papers. The Nevada Bank of San Fran
cisco has been designated a» the depottiorr
tpr the fund. Very respectfully.
WM. R. SHAFTER.
Major General U. S. Volunteers.
Donations to the Lawton fund received
by Major General Shatter up to December
2s. ISM. are:
Major General William R. Shafi*r.. M
Mayor James D. Phelan l-» 00
Major W. D. Hooper. Occidental Hotel 100 M
John Jacob Astor. Now York City ISO 00
Five member* Bohemian Club ?'> 00
Inala« W. Hellman. Nevada Bank » 00
K. S. Heller, attorney at law. Nevada
block M CO
I I. W. Hellman. Union Trust Ob i'"> 00
Randolph 9 Williamson. Oakland 500
E. Yon. Weimar. Cal 4 00
Employes East an. Eldridge A Co I 50
Julius and Charlotte Wadsworth. Los
Angeles IN
Total KM 50
BRAVERY OF GENERAL
LAWTON'S YOUNG SON
WASHINGTON*. Dec. 23-Manley Law
' ton, the 12-year-old son of General Law
| ton. was a volunteer aid on his fathers
■ and on General Grant's Btnft. The boy
i was under tire first at La Loma church,
where hla father had taken him to make
: a visit to •;.:•• M Arthur in March.
His conduct on this occasion was re
! marked by many of the officer* present,
( and General Lawton was urged to give
the lad a. temporary volunteer commission
an aid. He was fitted out In • complete
, uniform of kh^kt. with the proper Insignia
of captain and volunteer aid.
This was never brought formally to the
attention of the Washington authorities,
a. temporary commission from General
Lawton being ail that was necessary for
the extension of the courtesy. Young
Lawton accompanied his father on many
of lii.-i more celebrated campaigns. He
was during the summer months with Gen
eral Grant at Dacoor and Imus. south of
Manila, and was more than once under
CALIFORNIAN SLAIN
IN THE PHILIPPINES
MONTEREY. Dec. 23.-The relatives In
this city of Ora B. McDonald of Camel
one of the party of fifteen men from the
gunboat Vorktown who with Lieutenant
Oilmore were captured by Filipinos sev
eral months ago, have Just received defi
nite information that he was one of th< ,
four killed In the fight which preceded
the Americans capture. Young McDon
a.d was born in tho Ciirmel Valley near
fM"::"f M " :: " n^ a r n < i,d hh e 8e 8 ffitli«. r and lmrae<llatO
faniuy :. w reside thei
CAPTAIN GILMORE IS
STILL A PRISONER
WASHINGTON, Dec. X.-A cablegram
from General Otis was received at the
war Department giving the firm news
for some time of the detachments under
Colonels Hare and How» who are pur .
suing Agii'naldo. General Otis' advice* In.
alcate that they art- close upon the In
orfh nt :t --"' lfr anil also " tato th '-»t four
of the American prisoners have been re
in k n# h th °, ÜBh , C ,? ptuln ""more is still
dVp^cKFlo^ 0 Cnemy - Generai <"»•'
tainx of th* Insurant colun.n Thin column hM
tain Gllmore remalnlnr a prisoner The indi
gent., are one .lay 10 advance and th" pursuU
b continued. The pursuing troop- hare S
tcred srrat hardship*, but will pwbal.lr.iX
W Xwo bandit ref^ £2n*S pSoS!
pts from Aparrl were received this mornln*
There are ■• more In that ssetloa, m. Rly friars
awaiting transportation to Manila. The e"tl"
Sixteenth Infantry leaven for Aparrl to-nwrriw
Hav'mh'C fr ° m mt °' nt M f * r iuUth M
theX'wer^n^r ta "r n , of the Fourth '" n.w on
turn tTth. i.run.lc <n Bood condition to re
turn to th* » ? Jo:^ countr y. Ir> , Forty-fourto
report? l^r!Tv nK v' nt tO Ilu * hh ' 9 at Ilo "«>. *"o
qXt lanay. Negrx,. ' nJ adjacent (.lands
Ja A nua^ rt l S '" North ' m Luzon »" be o»» on
OTIS.
DEATH SUMMONS THE
WIFE OF AGUINALDO
MANILA. Dee tl-Tbe report of the
Chnrl. rt of innulry. Just ren.
' rail,- to 1 ■■ •
Ip. it sh.,ws that doe nailaace 11 v
-I In the embarkaUon of the crew
into the boat-, which were well handled
A '.'' ' ' »t of th-» Aaaodated
nt i,-an s.-n.i< under da I
U th. announcemeni that Colonel Wilder
has telegraphed to Vtgan from Bayom!
•1 litter-bearer*, ha- crossed thi
mountalna near Bayombong. B olng aouib-
A report has reached General Vo U-i*U -i*
that Colonela Hare and Howm hare re
eased twenty-three American prison. -^
Including Ucutenant Gilmoro. at n
In the province of North Hoco* AnothoV
report n ri OeneraJ Tlno ha* been car
tured near Lava« Colonel Hare report"
haviiiK had two encounters with General
Tin., [n which ISO Filipinos were killed or
led and about BO rffl.^ mfr{
tur.-d. witliout casualties 0,, urn Aaerlcaja
General Hates has returned from the,
tlaß-inlsliiKS at Coltabottn Pollok Pa
ran^-Parana'. Dnvao and Mail. Th« Hul
tan and the leadlne Dattoa welcomed l i*»
Americana. The chief of Puerta Prince**
refused to permit Oeneral Bate* to lard
announcing Ids allegiance la • Arulnal.io"
and the Vorktown, luoklng a Undine
force, withdrew. 6
LYNCHER CONVICTED.
Punishment Fixed nt n Life Term in
ft Penitentiary.
ST. LOUIS. Di \ edaJ ro f^ < .
PMt-Dtepatch fmm Palemine. T.x.. brvs;
Th« Jury Hi th- .-.i^.' ..f i:.i Cain, chanted
with rorwplracy In connection with th«
mot) thai lynched the tiir.'.- Humphrey!
on the nlKht ..f M«y a, js<w | t , h
nun County, returned a verdict <>f anllty
tO-dajr. «'n!n's pimlshmt'iit Is tixeel ■
imprlsonni.-nt in the penitentiary. Tlw>
ca.«e uKalti^t th.> other all»-ire,l meraberi
of the mob wh<> are charted directly with
murder was adjourned till Wednesday
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP BOOT.
Few Days' Brew
of Deadly
Uric Acid.
In a few days you brew enough urio
acid In your own body to produce,
death.
Your kidneys are your only salvation.
Because when they are well they fil-
ter out this deadly poison.
So, when your kidneys are sick, you
can understand how quickly your en-
tire body is affected, and how every or-
gan seems to fail to do its duty.
They are all being slowly poisoned.
Uric acid poison irritates tho nerves
and causes rheumatic pains In Joints,
muscles and limbs, headache, backache,
stomach and liver trouble, shortness of
breath, heart trouble, dizziness, nerv-
ousness, irritability, lassitude. loss of
ambition, weakness and wasting away.
Red brick dust and similar sediments
In the urine are also caused by various
salts of uric acid.
The cure for these trouble Is Dr. Kil-
mer's Swamp-Root, the great kidney
remedy.
It instantly relieves the congested,
overworked kidneys and gradually
brings them back to health.
Healthy kidneys keep down the ex-
cess of uric acid, and you soon feel ths
benefit In new health and Btrength.
Swamp-Root should at once be taken
upon the least sign of II! health. It
will make you well and is for sale
the world over In bottles of two sizes
and two prices— f>o cents and 11.
Swamp-Root is used in th.- leading
hospitals*; recommended by skillful
physicians In their private practice, and
Is taken by doctors themselves who.
have kidney ailments, because they
recognize In it th.- greatest anil most
successful remedy for kidney and blad-
d' troubles.
To prove Its wonderful efficacy, send
your name and address to Dr. Kllmrr
& Co.. Binghamton. N. Y. m#»ntlonlni?
this paper, when you will receive fre»>
of all charge a sample bottle o£
Swamp-Root and .i valuable book by
mail prepaid This book contains many
of the thousands upon thousands of
testimonial letters received from n\en
and women cured.
NEGROES LYNCHED
IN MISSISSIPPI
Murdered an Aged Man
in Cold Blood.
Special DUpoteh to The Call.
nOLTON. M !■»«.. Dec. -Two neirroeji.
named Jim Martin and" Frank West, wera
lynched on the BsJWTI Creek bridge, a
Quarter of a mile west of this placet about
8 o'clock to-nlßht for th*» murder of an
aged and highly respected citizen named
Milton ft Halre and an attempted crimi
nal assault upon his niece. Mlsm Curran.
The murder was most cold-blooded. Itob
bery was the Incentive.
Martin and West wer« captured about
10 o'clock this rooming It required ri
whipping to make the former confess,
when he broke down and related tho
whole story. The Town Marshal brought
the prisoners to town and placed them In
the city prison.
About i o'clock a mob of 150 maskM
men broke open the place and took tl 1
two men to the bridge west of town.
Nooses were placed around their necks,
the other ends of the ropes being tied to
the cross ties, and they were told to Jumr»
off the bridge. Martin at once iumf>»-<l
Into space, but West had to be pushed off.
CHARGED WITH HAVING
KILLED HIS FATHER
Nineteen-Year-Old Youth Accused of
the Murder of Lafayette
Pryor.
ST. LOUIS. Pec. 23.— A special to tn«
Post-Dispatch from Vandalla. lit . Mjra:
Arthur Pryor. aped ID. Is charged In n
warrant Issued at noon to-day with th<s
murder of his father. Lafayette I"rvor.
who was killed on December 16 while in
bed. Another warrant haa been drawn
for the arrest of the dead man's widow.
Mrs. ■ ) .1.1 Prj or. It Is charged that «he
was an accessory after the fact, having
full knowledge of the tragt-dy after It «■«.*.
cur red.
The complainant Is Police Magistrate
Klllcott of Vandalla. The family is end
of the most prominent In th community,
having settled here a quurter of ■ century
UK".
Jackley's Victim Dies.
KANSAS CITY. Dor. 23-Robert Hoard
(colored), fur the shooting of whom IM
Jackley. .1 non-union linotype operator
employed at Lechtrnan's printing offlce.
Is under arrest, died at St. Joseph's Hos
pital to-day from the effect* of the wouml
ami Jackley probably will tx» held for
murder. Jackley, with four other non
union printers, was l»lnir taken home In a
wajjon on Wednesday evening, when th»
party was surrounded by .1 crowd of union
nod carriers, among them Hoard, who
whs ■.it by mi.- of the five printers. Jack
ley. who was arrested tod charged with]
assault, had previously been assaulted by
union sympathizers, the result of 111 feel-
Ing over the Job printers' strike, which
has been on fur several weeks.
1516
ADVERTISEMENTS.
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••I
I Attractive items for New Year Gifts,
g ALL OF THEM DESiRABLE AT TEMPTING PRICES.
o .
8 LADIES' FURNISHINGS. SILK DEPARTMENT.
2 CC Cfl EACH— A OREAT TAFFE- Have you seen thos>e hoautiful Wa!(«t
• $5.50 Ta • s;i '-^ WAIST: 150 of Pattern" Ler.pths of Novelty Silk? The
w *^ w vw Lhem have just been re- choloest and richest ntyles are among
Or.O r . iv«d; ih.y \X'* on ?.n!o Tu.-sdav: made tht-m. Each length contains from 2\i to
• of a nupcrlor quality Taffeta Silk, the < yards. Because of the un- pi nc
• front lucked in cluster*; the latest! usually short lengths we \< Xh
a Frpoch hack and <ir. .^s sleeves., in col-offer them at Each yJiUu
© .'.'nVl-.JSIU '• BRiy * * *° M rr ° St 'i negular value from $0 00 to JS 00.
O C/ 1 OR EACH-LADIES' TAFFETA \<\ GREAT LEADERS IN DRESS
© Stl, M!) SILK PETTICOATS. A < ""t-rll ULMULIIO Ml UIILOO
v nww refJ | uttrotul Taffeta h.i« 0 6000 S.
X been used In tN> manufacture c.f the.<.» ** UUUUOi
% fklrts. <\tra width and length, in col- 07 Pfl sriT— Imported Venetian
W nn of cardinal. <cris«, purple, vioiet \i nil SuitinßS. 63 inches wide, a
> navy and black. Qf lUU beautiful fabric for a
© ~- _- . —. 1 ,^ .„ „. ..«„. tailor-made tult, a cloth of a very
I $3.85
5 oin en pCII-I^dles- Applied
C Ma. v. V l l l "ill Dress latterns. the cholc-
VIUIWU o««t styles imported this
• CO m r EACII— A COMFORTABLE season from Paris. An opportunity to
tl IS/.Q-D ANU WARM WKAIM'EK: 1 rocure a JMW rait for $10 10. Wo
2 Vfcl^ w worth tili. An txcpiionally I'-ive only IS of them, in the follow-
2 ; n tiy and t«t>li>h wr.ii>per. made of a >»>B colors: Tan. brown, navy, Gobe-
9 «;-in.in i:i<l. rdown Flannel, in stripes. Un, tfray and purple.
C Mid fijrun**. nnd trimmed very prettily, — -
• v. -»i v.lv. t the best color?, extra Aft Aft FUIT-Enplifh Ulack Cre-
• Hldth and length. ■HH.llll P° nB « entirely now deslßns
O wUIWU and styles, a v«ry lustrous
6 finnn VALUtS IN HANDKFS. Bnl«h. They were bought under i.rice.
q bUUU VALUCO 111 nAirJNrO. »>ut guaranteed to bo worth $12 uO a
O CO fin HOZEX--Q*nti > extra size. 85 " 11 -
S ' UU . T'uri' linen hemstitched hand-! NEW NECKWEAR.
X g£IUU l.<r< hi. f.<. with a pretty hand' NFW NECKWEAR
2 embroidered Initial. IIL " »^-W^"l.H^,
• — — i Como and see our Neckwear. We
• Of)* HOX— Ladle*' pure linen hem- are constantly receiving new ideas
© OuG Htltebed handkerchief*, embrold- from New York.
uwu <r<M j wltn a vpr j. n «at initial.
S CI SO EACH-The prettiest and
i. in« EACH— Ladles' pure linrn hem- oI.JU daintiest styles In Jabots and
5 I' !j Hitched Handkerchiefs, hnndi W Stock Collars, in Chiffon and
O IWW vmbr.iideri*<l corner; prand value. Taffeta Silk effects.
§ 10 /a EACH— I-adlea* sheer nuality COn PAIR Ladles' Black Hose.
rv I/JLP ltn< n uul.iiindrred llandk«-r- JUu ulth wlllte polka dot so popular
q •«-*£" chief*, with a email hand-im- no*. fa»t color.
© ' l 7C ft EACH— Ladies' Onelta Union
• nr« EACH— The choicest Ftyles in I Oil Suit", in r.aturrU. a cood poft
O Z DC Indies' Rmbroldcred and Lac* garment, very nicely ilnlahed.
O i:rr..t H:.r.dk.rrhi.fs. all nfw . _„. -— —^^ „. L
O ;:i!!rni f ; rr.any of them are worth :-V 60 and 75c R r>-^«' have re-
o • -!«• ou ana /oc g^si^sa
9 Flannels, ln pretty stripes and polka
I AGL V£ BARGAIN. CI OR rir ,,-^ ,
r<i n.* n -««- - -— -'* _«n Cl DC EACH— Bed comforters, tt-
• - -rr
q« up-to-date Ftyles. w;th rt-clasn t:us-
O toners and latest embrold. r»t\ SILVER NOVELTIES.
c ! X- all colora and fires, fitted oILYcR NOVELTIESi
• L — ... *-' j:u:>n '"" l i I We have still quite an assortment of
a these useful articles at very low prices.
2 LEATHER 600DS. Snoe "Horns^PaperTcuttera*-? ... m ,
O LLi-.inCn UUUUiii ! and Blotters, with siTling Cl (\(\
9 Mexican Carved Black :^nd Colore^V silver handles. 2jc, Li* to 3*l 111
9 5..:1. Alligator. Monkey Skin, etc Each Viiuw
© l*urees In plain and beautl- Q*} fjn
m ' ::'.!>• mount'tl «.ff«vtf=: jriced OiJiULI lilies. Poals, Memorandum Hooks.
X from-SOcto Each * >w Paper Cutters. t»repsir.K and Porket
5J Combs, mounted with sterl- A I nn
• Fine Chatelaine, Daps, tho CO Cfj liir fcilver. 20c. Csc. We to \|. 11l
O newest style*, ::.e to Each Each f nuu
O \
• COVNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION.
9
B
ALASKA'S SHORE
LINE CHARTED
Work of the Coast and
Geodetic Survey.
Fp^cial Die; atch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Dec !3.— The annual
r. pibrt of the CeaFt nnd G<-odetlc Survey
for the fiscal year ending Januarj' SO. I^3.
i.ns Jut-t be. n submitted to Conereas. The
n \".>ti rays:
In i ul*. J'.rto H!co. Hawaii an« AJaska the
development of tJ'.i varied re«'."urce« Is W.nc
rapidlr j.uslied ty !h- c:it»-n.irife of this coun
try, -..nd lit the nollcitalion of those tnten-bted
la <- rumt'M-lai Hteanient and ithers this bureau
!•».-. !«kt year the work of acourateljr c.'.in
lnc the coast! of these rt^icns.
l !.~ »ork in AlaoWa wu» d.vlded anonz tev
rral fartics and fxlraO'-A from the head of the
Lyoa <ar.»l and Horcnplne rcJd difctrlfts to the
A-",ti if the Vulcan ntil the nocn-to-be-famous
it'll nelu* i>f <*»!•* Numn. It wim largely the
!■ •-.:■. •; t).- •■ \ i|>"i;rai>ttlc nir\'cy» In the re
i -i uluLt tl.f Ia r.n rat:al nnd I'orcuplne <Jls
ti:t tli.it etinblf-l tie lr.t.-matl..nul arbitration
. :.,:. ■ * . v i<> mtlvc at tba conclusion r>f a
;■:■■ nl »• oundary betwe.-a Alaska and Can
;i '. i .: l!'^>- .!i ;iut<vl '.flints.
O 11. Titttaaaa, aMsirtunt KU;»rlntPndent of
t'..- f+>»l jtnd Ge".!.-tif Purvey, has deen deslp
imtej iv tbe I'niii-d Stale.* Government to
offlriAlly nark the. iin« cf the rroviwlonal
t mndariej i-.'it:ed by tb* modus vivendl of
i rtodcr •-■■'
Tb* ennrraoua lnrrfo_«e of vesneU rJjinc to
ft ♦ •••♦♦♦ ♦o^O+ O + O* ©•♦©♦©♦O^ O-*O ♦C ♦ o*o ♦O* o^o^ O-4
I SHORTNESS OF BREATH AND
: : /> DIZZY SENSATIONS
O ( -''^y^fA DENOTE
I 2 15$ m 2 HEART COMPLICATION.
1 3*"| / r 3 HUDYAN CUKES.
X />•*' >,lt-.\ The heart's action Is preatly Inrtuenced by
X *jy y ~f.\ the other organs of the body, and when Irrep-
O i^^^,-> -' nl*rttle« in Its action occur the result Is a
♦ V* •' '*^> breaking down of the delicate heart structures.
° J..-';'.-\<^-ySaJ ..-' ; '.-\ <^-ySa Nerve Weakness. Digestive Disorders and those
♦ #J3^'r&Sl''SS£a chronJc disorders nut lira! to women; nil the-e
i*^CV<>?tf i . *?3(f Induce Heart complication. Women's peculiar
£'Hf «li««eases Induce Anaemia, and when the blood
♦ n^'t P^JfeSJy ' Is thin and watery the Heart Is poorly nour-
O fira i? v***"*'u ***"*' ( p lshed and la unable to keep up Its Incessant toll.
• Vy-i jA&L, .' Women and men. you cannot be too careful
Y^A /■' B^M(\ °' >" ur jjeneral health. If your system Is run
o \£w'* i^"'i&t3<Ji\ down from any cause build It up. Take HUD-
# X^l-vy^^^sf H VAN - 1 ii'l 'VAN will brln* back your strength.
O *flrs&frt&£j*Xy£A HT'I'YAN correct- all weak-nerve conditions
* ffigfefe^^jg^^a . and digestive troubles; also all dinorders and
° «lr^^P3?!Bf«lSl weaknesses of women: therefore HUDYAN Is
o /^^^' v *-*J?*^vM a preventive of Heart Disease as well.
JjC" 'l!i!?2Sr?i&3 rl HUDYAN euros MM Mid all tli«^* symp-
*A**''^2w(wS»r-| toms: Headache or Dizziness (1); Hollow Eyes.
♦ r^^S^^^^^i HMnmrd Look (2); Paleness. Emaciation <3i;
9 . i^S^S^ffi^^i Coated Tongue (4); Palpitation of Heart (5);
t~ :<rr 9QRI9 b^S lnr>: ( *'
• r^feffAMJ SfiESffi HITDI ciirfs I^oss of Appetite. Loss of
O /V$33sKS»Vb5S5'23 Strength. Nervousness. Nausea, Tremblings.
'♦-." /-'v' ; '2*i- T \\lj** r *Zi Vldu tn Rnck< i:<llir;n '' in r-r -* r »- I" women
° Wr^^Sy^l^Sw^^ HUDYAN cures Mucous Discharge. Chronic
t //fc'^»yy?}^PP;*BgSM Inflammations and ITlceratlons of Uterus. HUD-
♦ l-fc+i J< *- '• • vC ->^3S?l^r/. *AN «?Tahllsh. 8 a r»-Kular dlschargo of even'
o /^K>>'*>'.3 ; J ;^ii> i: 'iSi*'fl I'odlly function.
; S^W^pa GET HUDYAN JK?£^J3:
o l-*<^i'>-jz^?fr}X&*&f^\ a*e. plx ft fkages for T2 W. If your druggist
♦ * <^. .; "4t^ T ?— '>T'>V^^S». does not keep It. Bend direct to Hudyan Rem-
O * ••?:" J^ • d ' Co - cor - Btockton, Ellis and Market streets,
♦ if* " San Fntnclsco. Cai.
* Ton may consult HUDYAN Doctors about your case— free of charge. Call or write.
Alaskan jx>rts has i::r. '...- necessary th« Im
mediate survey of a coast line of I'J.OOO mll.-s
In extent and the cublicatlon cf many new
(.hurts. Tho many dant'-rs of this coast, ln
tlu<l!nir the prevalence of fog. have caused the
1m of a larirn number of vessels ln the la!«t
few years, a fart that calls far fxppjltlous
ut.rk. anil the Funry has •■xhaust^i rvcry ef
fort during the past teuton to meet this un
pxpectnl demand aa rapidly and aa fully as pos>
nble. and probably ln no sln«le year in the
Mt-tory of the wrvio© ha« more Important work
been performed than was accumj.l'.shrd at the
mouth of the Yukon. Golovan lJay. Port Safety
and Caws Nome.
Tho ccmlm: reason will doubtless see fleets of
Vf-Kj^ls from every Wekt» m j-.irt soint toward
this modern Clconda. It Is tstlmated that no
le** than 35 000 Derenn* will reach this deoo
late efa-t n^xt Hunim*>r !n the rufh for gold
The entire front of the Yukon delta has been
nuiHNil. a» well i..- Cai^ Nome, which will, to
a. larce rtetree. l«-«,«en th* dangers to be en
countered and prevent many disasters Incident
to an unknown coast.
Tort Safety, a lon* bay with a narrow inlet,
making a s-af* refuse for Btnrm-to«sed veoseln,
■was discovered about twelve miles fast of Cape
Nome. Golovln Ua.y a!«o was found to be
navigable for ocean-col ni? vesHvln.
Other work i^rformM by the sur\-ey durlnp
the year was the resurvey of Pan Francisco
Bay. Chesapeake Hay. a portion of the Atlantic
ccaft and the Gulf of Mexico. Inland the
b>'uridnry line between CaJlfornla and NevadiU
from I^ke Tahf^j to the Colorado l'.lver. was
omjilrted. Tills comprises a distance nf 4W
miles, extending OTer the White Mountains.
tl.roußb Ln-ath Valley and tho Great American
D«ert. •■■ ■.
Speed of the Brooklyn.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 2T-Interest In the
speed contest between tho New Orleans
and tho Brooklyn on the voyage to Manila
has not yet pubsided among naval of
(irers. A calculation made nt the Naviga
tion Bureau Shows that, deducting the
Ptops made along the route of 16400 miles,
the actual steaming time Of th.; two v«-s
pels wns forty-eight days for the New Or
leans and forty-six for the Brooklyn.
THE PAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1899.
PRESS OF GERMANY
ENGLAND'S FRIEND
Marked Change of Tone
Continues.
•
FOLLOWS THE KAISER'S LEAD
♦
ANGLOPHOBIA GIVING WAY TO
ANGLOMANIA.
»
Nevertheless, Military Critics Find
Fault With British Lack of
Strategy in the South
African War.
Copyrighted. IDS. by th» Associated Press.
BKRLJN, Dec. 25 —At tho ccrejsßOOy at
•tk of the monument i I
no in the si<-k^s a.
mperor looted hale and hearty.
i with mddy cheeks.
Th«- iTief. There were no
bes, I'm tl . iwu ri
rabU i y his Majesty at Die close
rlskly to H.-r: . : , the
chk-f burgomaster of Berlin, th siring
With him cordially and handing
; him his long expected confirmation as
I onsibtinj; of docu
ments with big seal? . The Em
r iti.hitrd th<? hurg'-nia-ti-r and
' Ished him many years of sue- |
.i adminlstrattoa of Berlin, a-ining
■ nough to be beard some distance:
ItJ for which I feel prt-at affection
and entertain the highest hopes, which I
> ou win help m>' to realise/
Thus ends happily tnia matter, which
for a long time has kept the Bmperor and ;
Berlin on a yu.i.-t ».ii foot ing.
Cold, crisp, white Christmas weather j
i here. is frosen solid, i
i c with tk
. ->■ with preparations
for Christmas. Business Is brisk and
v .litilteil lr. ■
there is a m ardty of
.•vsiiik to the deep now
Harts Mounts where.
ft In puK. . >>r of
• - r< ferred to in
. ■ . :iiKl)t,
Hamburger N.u h
■
ml urg merchant, pi
mderbass"
. •■ full of communications
.:>• \vrii«-r- on the subject of
.: . •• .\
■ .: that th'.f
numbering
■ ■ million, against a :.
. • .: • numbers thirty mil
ts are
: m< dern
ki..'u how to use them. The British, th« !
• r tho <
war with a numerical superiority, while '
• J in '.
Again, he points out, all th«
Urltl. l
and •.. ■ Nt In the A B C ol
• continues, must i>e
added the fi k. while the y.
■ .. : ian< : I I the test ol this
•. !gn.
On the other hand, a military critic
in the Boersen i Mntslns that no
m war has
. ' ■ • . . '. rat<-- '
Lt the British have
proved tl.eir stiip< :
military nation in an unparalki.-d man
lier."
The papers also continue to discuss the |
I iblllty a.s t'i <;r.-:tt Britain's position
they claim h>.-r t > -t :vl eol
mllltary power has i<<«'n proved
»>y this war. The usually well informed !
Kri*uz Ziitung contains h letter from .t
;.-r.-l)urs claim- j
Ing that the question as t" whether lt Is ;
iwer
: :..ij>iy continued in ,
1{i;.~.-Ih:i < h>v< rnment di
The military party is urßlny the tim«-li-
The corre
• m of the Associated Press c:ui as- |
sert, however, <•" hi^fi authority, that
• .-u> h .--tep will
ned in under any clrcumst i
but that full neutrality will tie main
tained to the sod.
<;.-rman International policies continue
is mi\r->i ai ever The whole Con
servative party, including Us court
path:/ • If let the utmost to
impress the Emperor's mind with the fact
be Is the I
cultural interests, that the Consen
have lost all confidence In him and that it
win be impossible for the Government to
reign against thai party. In order to car
ry out thl* programme th^ united Con
war against Prince
. but the statements .ir>- word
ed cunningly In a manner for the Km
not to t;ik<- offense. His Majesty Is
■ ;.. -••<• the < li; ;
• llor arguments, but thus
Lhe desired
Seslres t• > con
!or and the Em
peror concurs In this d.-^ire.
l>uri:.K r 1900 the North-Oerman I-loyd
Hrenvn will plan lines to Blngapore, Her
l.<-rtsh..hf-. md to
! i ■ - M> rbertshohe, Frled
hafen m.d Bydney, while
Jaluit Company will also start a 1 1 1 : - -
Inn a circuit of the Carolines and M.ir
onal trial has Just heen •
by the sentencing ol Herr Joachim Ohel
■ Utor <<t v • "hArlottenlnirK paper, to
eighteen months in j;ii! f< • Llcally
tilackmailliiK tinanclally insecure banks
aiid pimilar institutions, Ilirr Qhelsen
during Prl rck's time headed the
again t Prince Bismarck
instigated t>y a riumbt-r of his court < li.jue
mles.
The latest admlnistnitiv*» measure
against I i n public teachers is an or
rblddlng them to go hunting, ou the
ground that ft is an immoral pastime
::ier Lieutenunt Hrucsowltz. who as
v Qerman army oiiicer murdered i civilian
workman, has- gone to join the Boers -v
private letter from him Bays he ha« been
app f| lntr<l commander of a battery In the
BODIES OF FEW MAINE
VICTIMS IDENTIFIED
WARiriN'OTON. Dpc. 23. -It Is said at
the Navy Department that only about
two dozen of the bodies of the victims
of the Maine explosion were Identified
beyond question when they wore burled in
the Colon cometeij at Havana. In re
.•;pnns*» to its offer to transport to the
- <.f relatives of the victims the re
mains of such as might be claimed, the
department has so tar received about len
Ulons.
With [rood weather, tho Texas, bringing
the bodies, should arrive at Ha
Hi. ads --cine time to-morrow niKht or dur
ing Christmas day, and it is believed that
the caskets ran be delivered at Arlington
Cemetery next Tuesday. There they will
be placed In open hospital tents, under a
guard of marines from Washington Uar
raeks. until Thursday at 11 o'clock, when
the funeral ceremonies will take place In
the presence of President McKlnley. the
members of the Cabinet and a number
r>f other distinguished persons, with the
full marine band, two companies of blue
jackets and a battalion of marines under
General Heywood.
PECULIAR REQUEST IN
SAM T. JACK'S WILL
NEW YORK. Dee, 23.— The will of Sam
T. Jack, the theatrical mann^er. was ad
mitted to probate to-day, Mrs. Jack hav
ing withdrawn her objection on condition
that «=' • be Riven the Ban T. Jack Thea
ter in Chicago. James Jack receive* the
Now York theater. The f-state consists of
$75,000 In p^rsonaKproperty In this State,
and there Is real estate In" the West.
Mr. Jack left to his widow, who was
Emma Ward, a burlesque actress, . one- i
third of the estate, and to Jamea C Jack
his brother, one-third. The other third is
to be divided between his father and
mother and other relatives. ! Mr. Jack in
serted the following clause in his will:
"li Is my first wish and foremost that '
my brother and nay wife, Emma, become
husband and wife."
The wish has never been carried out, - I
SEES NO CAUSE
FOR A PANIC
♦
Secretary Gage Investi
gates Finances.
Special r>Npafrh to Tne Call.
NEW yOHK. Dec 23.-Lyman J. Oapo.
Secretary of tho Treasury, was ln confer
ence at the sub-treasury to-day with J.
Pierpont Morgan and James Stlllman,
president of the National City Hank. Tho
conference lasted an hour, Mr. Morgan
taking leave of the Secretary in advance
of Mr. StiUman. William Sherrer, man
user of the Clearing-house Association.
waa also at the conference for v short
time. In his intorma.l talk to the reporters
mm the conference Secretary Gage said:
"1 was at Bast Orange la^t night aiid I
thought 1 would come over here, tv-day
to see Tre»*urer Jordan and talk with him
about the hltuation. While here 1 have
been looking up the evidence of this panic
we hear so much about, as indicated by
the operations of the past year. Lust
Christmas everybody was happy. Money
was easier ana freer. No conditions of
dibtress appeared anywhere in sight. At
the present time there Is v very aifferunt
Christ! feeling, and 1 have been look
ing at the fuels to see what has occurred
to justify the change.
'•1 tinu that a year ago this date tho
deposits of the Associated Hanks nf Ne.w
York were $aW.OW,OOO, loans were JTOS.oi*).
•OO and cash on hand $21S,tX)u,uo<J. To-day
the deposits aro $740,000,000, a shrinktiKe
of J&J.liuO.OuO. Loans show a decrease of
?:c.0"0.000; cash »hows a decnuse of J2>,
000.000, and perhaps at the lowest esti
mate, It would be safe to cay that ten
million in the shrinkage in deposits is due
to the fact that New York charges for
check collections.
"The shrinkage in loans and cash Just
offsets the shrinkage of $36,000,000 in de
posits. The clearing-house statement to
day shows an Increase In reserve of $.1.
600,000 for the week, bringing the surplus
reserves of the banks In excess nf leiral
requirements to substantially $11,000,000.
1 cannot see. looking at it from the out
side, where the panic conditions are Jus
tified by the facts of the case "
Tho Secretary was asked whether his
talk with Messrs. Morgan and Stillman
foreshadowed any further action on the
part of the treasury. Mr. Gage answered:
"No. not at all."
"Do you propose to accept any more
United States bonds and extend the time
for so doing?"
"No, 1 do not. The option closes to
day."
QUEEN PLANS FOR
A MERRY CHRISTMAS
Gloom Caused by the South African
War to Be Dispelled for
One Day.
T. ont ii in, Dec -' -In spite of .the deep
y of the c^'.ii <ii regarding events In
South Afn per
mit Christmas .it Windsor to mwwif •
Marquis of Lome and
Trine. . and ■ host "t little folk,
1 the roj >i family . ana
] teen's chaplain,
arrived at Windsor this evening, where
they were nut by Prince Henrjroi B I
rg, the i■ . ; A.lbanj
- who will make U] •' par-
An offldal of the household sal I
this «v.ning:
•■I 1 ■ im rrior times at the cas
tle, but Christmas cannot be gloomy
tho yt..,:i resi'l.--. and this will
ho no exception to tho rule. Tl
r throughout the en
tire household and the Queen is most
ful umiii all hep Uttle f ■lk."
FALLS UPON A CRUST
OF REDHOT METAL
Furnace Workman Is Badly Burned,
but Marvelously Escapes
Death.
JOHNBON CITY, Tfnn., Dec. 2.T—D.in
rycklaad, an employe of the Iron fur
■ impan) :it this place. to-<lay while
working >>n top .-f the furnare fell In 1 •■
xtecn foet. he struck a half
: o^u^t of red-hot Iron Facing a
terrible <l<ath. he Jumped to a rfd-hct
hrai ket on one side In the meantime a
ladder was lowered fr.>m above. \\»
grabbed It and wa* pulled to th»* top in
an unconscious condition. His hands are
terrlbb burned, his left wri^t twisted h!
most <'ff and his body burned In several
-. but be will recover.
INSANITY CAUSED BY
AN INJURY AT FOOTBALL
Jeremiah Miller Removed to the
State Hospital at Morris
Plniiis.
NEW YORK. Dec. B. -Jeremiah Miller.
a son of Councilman Edward Miller of
Chatham, N. 11.. baa been adiudsod in
sane and removed to the State hospital at
Morris Plains.
During a Thanksgiving day same of
football Miller received a blow on tho
head. He was unconscious for a time and
wns removed to his homo. Ho improved,
but later hi actions were peculiar and a.
commission was appointed to inquire into
his sanity. The doctors decided that his
mind had been unbalanced by the blow
on the head.
POPE SCOFFS AT DANGER.
Will Risk His Health to Attend a
Dedicatory Ceremony.
HOME. Doc. 23.-On the occasion of
the ceremony opening tho Holy Door of
St. Peter's to-morrow, the Pope will give
the papal blessing on the altar of confes
sion. The Pontifical ofllcers urged him to
renounce the Idea, as endangering his
health, but the pontiff replied:
"Let It be danger; I will fall In the
breach, and have the satisfaction of ful
filling to the last my duties as a Catholic
and sovereign pontiff toward God."
Armstrong Liberated.
OLYIfPIA, Wh.-Ii . Deo. 13— The Su
preme Court handed down a decision to
day In the case of William G. Armstrong,
appellant, against the Sheriff of King*
County. The decision reverses the lower
Court anil gives Armstrong his liberty <>n
toe ground that the crime for which
Armstrong was sought to be extradited
by the Illinois authorities was not stated
In the complaint.
BUILDS MUSCLE!
DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT INCREASES VITALITY.
■ f^ll that Is good In a man comes from the vital force within him. Every good
j^y £**?\ Impulse Is born of the warmth of his heart— every streak of courage comes from
(sv^& A \*A the strength ln hls nerves> Hls ambition, energy, vivacity, all result from the
wK&? r A \ vitality that IS bubbling over within him. The muscle and tissue which command
r^^J ]• \ the respect of his fellow man ail come from the great vital force In his body
' \ ANIMAL ELECTRICITY— That Is what I pour Into your system for hours at a
f J\A ".' r*\ lime b > m y new method. You put my appliance about your waist when you retire
/ • 'M' y -*&&**Jjr a d Wear ll a " m&htl You Can feel the electricity Infusing your system and as
) I ,y y -jßf^^^ your vitality Increases It will crop out and you will be known as a powerful man.
A -eS \ "***" *7 Call and test my treatment or ..■-.... p '']„ —♦
I 'A L^^ send for my book. free WEAK BACK AND KIDNEYS.
j 'VA — — •■ . / 'Bffi^ T . i . 23 Merchant.- Exchnr.2*.
, / The electrodes of my new and r , R M . s J, x ,^ A IS( .' n ; *>**■ »• »«•■
Vfc^>-^^r^3^K improved batteries do not blister like n^fnc 'n»ii T^»tn,^t h.. £* ml : a t Y iSS
Wh'ji*-*^ the bare metal disks of old-style :r « h °«" "-^-^rp^^^r^ 1 ' 1^;
* electric belts, and the current Is eon- IS* ■SSS^-ST rr'^X^.S'-h l^^
trolled by my new, perfect regulator v " ry tnilv your *' a. c iiammono. '
■, dr. m. JJfc"gMt]S^^. . .
— ' ■ - »•
CREDITORS WANT
AN ACCOUNTING
Suit Against 'he Free-
man Estate.
Special Dlsratch to The Call.
SAX RAFAEL. Pec. 23.— iircd of being
put oft by reiterated promises of payment,
und lons continued evasion of the same,
the creditors of the late Dr. Richard T.
Freeman of Sausallto have petitioned Su
perior Judi;e Anpellottl to Issue an order
citing Miss Jane Lee of Sausallto. the ad
ministratrix of the deceased doctor's es
tate, to compel her to show cause why the
affairs of the estate have not been settled.
The circumstances leading up to the
citation extend over a period of three
years, and at the time of their first air-
Ing attracted much attention and com
ment.
On June If, 1V.7, Dr. Richard T. Free
man, a well-to-do and respected phy.sl
rlan, died in the lodgings he rented from
June Ix"e and a woman known as Mrs.
Bell, at Sausallto. His estate, valued at
US.ooo, conflicted principally of several
magnificent diamonds. As, at the time of
his death, i-o will was to be found, and ii.«
was not known to have any relatives In
this country. Public Administrator Eden
took charge >( Freeman* affairs
and property. Hut here he met with
violent and unexpected opposition from
Jane I^ee and Mrs. Hell, who claimed that
prior to his death the dece-ased had made
.1 will leaving his entire estate to them.
This will they wore unable, at the time,
to produce, neither could any trace be
found of the diamonds.
Eden win. temporarily baffled, but after
consultation with the then District At
torney. E. B. Martlnelll. the latter Issued
a search warrant to the administrator. A
close search failed to reveal any trace of
a will or a clew to the whereabouts of
the missing diamonds. . Then, when the
search had been abandoned, the will sud
denly made Its appearance, and after
weeks of litigation and argument wiu
finally admitted to probate. The result
was that Jane Lee was appointed admin
istratrix and her bonds *vere tlxed at $17.
000. Judge Angcllottl, however, provided
that no money or valuables could be
drawn from the bank by either of the wo
men without a signed order from him.
The first result of this ruling was a suit
Bled In the United States Court by the
two women against Martlnelll and Eden
for qo.OOO damages. The ease was, how
ever, never pushed, and finally, for lack
of prosecution was abandoned. From
then till now, the angry and impatient
creditors claim, they have never seen a
penny of the old doctor's money, and on
Tuesday next Jane Lee will have to ex
plain to Judge Angellottl the reason for
her procrastination In the settlement of
Freeman's estate.
Miss Lee's attorneys promise several
highly sensational disclosures, and the
case, owing to the peculiar circumstances
surrounding It, Is exciting .1 great deal of
Interest.
ROLAND B. MOLINEUX
FAST BREAKING DOWN
Strain of the Long Trial Proving Too
Much for the Alleged
Poisoner.
NEW YORK. Deo. 23.-Roland R Moll
neux. who Is accused ■•( having caused the
death of Mrs. Kate J. Adams by poison,
which he Is alleged to have sent through
the mails to Harry S. Cornish, nearly a
year ago. appears to be breaking down.
The effect of the strain to which the
trial during the last week or so has sub
jected him has been such M to cause him
to make complaints to his counsel, and
they have asked Recorder Goff if tho
young man could have more exercise and
take stimulants. As a result of this re
quest the Recorder yesterday ordered the
warden of the Tombs to permit Mollneux
to have more exercise. His condition, as
judged from his appearance, la bad. His
face Is pale and drawn.
Hereafter he will have an hour In the
prison yard every day and two hours In
the tier. Mr. Weeks his Riven the warden
a bottie of whisky, and Recorder Goff also
ordered that the defendant be permitted
to take stimulants during the rest of the
trial whenever he desires.
— ♦-
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Postoffice and Army Changes and
Pensions Granted.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 23. -A postoffice
was to-day established at Paulton. Ma
dera County, and Frederick F. Sharpless
was to-day appointed Postmaster.
Army orders— By direction of the Assist
ant Se< rotary of War. First Clas
geant Charles H. Davis, Signal Corps, Ban
Francisco, will be sent to Denver. I'rl
vate Thomas J. Hartson, Light Battery
B. Fourth Artillery, now at Fort Rlley,
Kan*., Is transferred to the Twelfth In
fantry, Presidio, San Francisco, and win
r> ;>■ >rT t.> the commanding officer, who will
furnish him transportation to the I'hilip
plne [slands.
The I*'^ t"i!lc«> Department ha? prepared
circulars Involving proposals fur the car
rying next summer ol malls from San
!sco and Seattle to St. Michael and
points along the Yukon as far as Duwson.
for Cape Nome, where s rush of gold
seekers I* expected next spring: and for
additional service for offices on the South
ern Alaskan coast.
Tensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original — Hiram Dyer,
$v Washington F. Landers, <vn
tervllle. $6. Restoration and additional—
Thomas K. Orovea (dead). Vallejo, $4 to
}' i trlglnal widows, etc —Martha E.
Qroves, vallejo. $v Llhblo Gates. Los
Arypel<
WiLshlnKton: Original— James Hand. Se
attle, $•>: Sylvanus Baxter, Isaquah. $6,
Simeon Terwilliger. Seattle, ?s A.lilitlon
a! Ahlrs Btowell, Centralta, %4 to j«
Oregon: Original— James Shore. Kiam
ath Agency, Ml original widow, etc.—
I.ydlu A Pearson, McMlnnville. >8.
Goes to Russia for Trial.
NSW YOIUC. Dec, 23.— Anthony Petro
Schulten. alias A. F. Klutchlnskl. who
last Februarj' robbed a private bank of
Wlinokeldnaln. Russia, and fled to Mon
tana, where he was recently arrested, waa
to-day shipped to Copenhagen He said
before going on the steamship that he
would make short work of himself at sea
and that the- Russian police would be dis
appointed when the vessel arrived at Co
penhagen.
Sloan Returns to America.
NEW YORK. Dec. 23.— Sloan, the
American icckcy. and E. C. Bald, trie
professional bicycle rider, arrived to-day
on board the Cunard liner Campania from
Liverpool.
OWNED THOUSANDS
OF LONDON LOTS
Wealth of The Duke of
Westminster.
ENORMOUS YEARLY INCOME
AMOUNTED TO NEARLY FOUR
MILLION DOLLARS.
Young Heir to the Dukedom Now
Serving ns Aid de Camp to Sir
Alfred Milner in South
Africa.
CoMrrfgfcted, Ms, by the Arr ■•elated Preaa.
LONDON, Dec 23.— While most per
sons knew that the late Duke of
Westminster was one of the rich
est men la England, no I. '.<'■• news
paper has taken the trouble to pro
cure an estimate of h!s wealth. He owned
several thousand parcels of London realty,
which altogether, according to the Duke's
own statement, made 600 acres. Much of
this Is in Uelgravla. the aristocratic resi
dence quarter. He also had UO.OOO acres in
the country and an annual Income of
£719,600. Ills realty in London was prob
ably worth £30.000,000. The heir to the
dukedom la the late Duke's grandson.
Viscount Bclgrave. now In South Africa,
an aid de camp of Sir Alfred Mllner, the
Governor of Cape Colony.
The paper* abound mi anecdotes of the
late Duke. He was rather careless and
shabby In his dress, and his life at Eton
Hall was that of an ordinary country
gentleman. At any time during his stay
in Cheshire the Duke might be Men rid
ing or (Talking about his park, usually
smoking a cigarette not often composed
of tobacco, for he used medicated cigar
ettes as a remedy for asthma. To his
household the Duke was always an enig
ma. He rarely spoke to his servants, and
be had an odd way of leaving bits of pa
per about on chairs with a word of blame
as to their condition; but with such per
sonages as his house steward, head coach*
man and stud groom he was on most af
fable and confidential terms.
The Czar will present Prince George of
Greece with a splendid yacht as a New
Year's gift. The vessel has been especially
built at Sebastopol and la Intended as a
souvenir of Prince George saving the life
of the Czar in Japan, while they were on
a tour around the world a number of
\ i an ngo.
Sir Thomas Upton's plans for 1901 arc
progressing. He Is confident his next boat
will be much faster than the Shamrock.
Said he:
"1 feel I will have a bettor chance next
time, m I will have the Shamrock as a
trial horse. As you know. I hail to work
completely in the .l.irk with the Sham
rock, and I know she can he icreatiy Im
proved as far aa spevd is concerned. with
her designer* ill. the 1 • -1 was not to be
got out of her."
It Is learned that the great financial
houses In London have combined and fur
nished aufllcient money to insure no large
failures on settling day, December is.
though the small fry may suffer. Unless
this action had been taken, several well
known houses, not of the llrst importance,
but of largo proportions, woulo ft Is said,
have to go unde-r. This concerted precau
tion has to me extent restored confi
dence, but the market la still panicky,
many people believing that the most seri
ous crisis has not yet been reached.
MILLER'S CONVEYOR
A GREAT SUCCESS
The Battleship Massachusetts Coaled
While Pitching and Rolling
in Heavy Seas.
NEW YORK. D*c. 23.— In a fresh east
erly brsCM and quite a heavy swell from
the Bame quarter, the final trial of coal
ing a ship at sea. two mill off Sandy
Hook, by moans of the Miller conveyor,
was successfully accomplished to-day by
the collier Marcellus. while being towed
by the battleship Massachusetts. Instead
of operating slowly in a sea way. as was
expected, the conveyor transferred more
coal In a Riven time and at 420 feet dis
tance, against the previous 800 feet, than
in smooth water. Excluding stoppages
for swinging the ships Into position,
eighty trips were made In eighty minings,
160 bags of coal, each weighing 420 pounds,
being transferred from ship to ship in
that time, the collier pitching and rolling
considerably and the warship's forward
deck being continually wet by the seas.
into which she plunged while steaming
between four and tlve knots an hour.
•.iin C J. Train, commanding t lio
Mas-. ■ .iml his <■!'
groat satisfaction at th«- r.'^uit of Thurs
day'! trlul. >'iit tM-,lavs w.is even more
surprising, and they say that to th»-m it
' !*upi>lylnfF
kl s. a in any weather when it v fit
to "coal ship" at all. Speaking of th«
trial, Captain Train of the Massachusetts
said:
"Thrre was no time during the Cuban
Mnikadt- last year whi'H tt
could not have been used. I consider It
a great success and congratulate Mi. Mil
ler,"
m —
Chinese Lotteries Raided.
SANTA BARBARA, Dec. &— Sheriff
Stewart and his deputies made a success
ful raid on Chinese lottery concerns th.i
c
have been operating in tills city for Rome
time past, and arrested three if the ring
leaders. They were taken before Justice
Wheaton and each gave bail to appear on
Tuesday to plead. There are six com
panies doing business on a large pcale,
each having a solicitor who makes it his
business to sell tickets on the street and
around the various business houses, even
going so far as to approach ladies. It hi
understood that the men arrested have
procured counsel and will fight the case to
the last, claiming that their drawing
were held simply among themselves and
no soliciting had been done, but the offi
cers are well prepared with evidence and
are bound to put a stop to this mode of
gambling.
Suicide Davis Identified.
Th* body of the man who was killed
last Friday by throwing himself while
Intoxicated under the wheels of a coal
wagon on Geary street, near Taylor, was
Identified In the Morgue yesterday as that
of George Davis, a waiter by occupation
Davis was a native of Wales and to years
old. He had been on a spree for a week
preceding; his suicide.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I "And Still the }
I Wonder Grows" .!
□ That a Beautiful Portable Ga» }
H Light fi ted with a Welsbach
I Light with Artistic ShaJe can be
V sola so cheap.
THE WELSBACH •
I COMMERCIAL !
I COMPANY and [
EXCHANGE j
Continue the »pe< ; i sale recrnrlv
inaugurated, and it is well worth J
attention.
CALL AND INVESTIGATE. L
STOHE I A g~\ ELLIS
AT M*r\J sr/fHT. €
I Telephone — Main 5459
THE TRADE SUPPLIED... j
-—- 1 11 mi ■ . iiiwit.-. _
EUGENE FIELD'S POEMS,
A $7.00 BOOK.
Th« Book of the. Century. !!an<?*<vn»ly
Illustrated by thlrty-twn of ttva v. - :
Greatest Artists.
GIVEN FREE
to each person tnterevted In -.r • -■• •
to th« Euirene Field Monunrsint S"iiu-.!r
Fund. Hubucrtb* any amount d^slr^l
huh»,rlHl<r« as low as II will «SCIU|
donor to thin daintily artlitle •.:.:•
'FIELD » L(i\n j M
1 <th bound, (xll). as a certificate of m\ -
arrlptlon to fund. Book contains a Mlw>
tlon of Field's best anil nvst MPHMBt»<
tlve works and Is ready for delivery.
But for the noMe contribution uf th*
world's icreatpst artists this book coi»m p , t
have been manufactured for Urn than IT
The Fund created l» dlvtd<nl equally be-
tween the family of the late !:.«••. r;. . •
and the Fund for the bulMlni; of a m >r.u-
men* to th» memory of the beloved p.*t
of childhood. Addr^sa
EUGKNE YIELD MONUMENT 60CVE US. f.-o
180 Monroe St., Chicaa •
(Also at Book Stores.)
If you also wish to sen 4 postage, taetosw
l^cents.
Mention this Journal. an Adv. la Inserted as ir
CoDtrtbutKin.
sV%^*^^-*^^-^-m^^-^^^%^%^
OR- JORDAN'S great d
Museum OF ANATOMY;
0 *::iauaiiTst w. .eai^i :r p
\ X^f The Largnt Anat' mic*l Miteun m thr \
a Wofl<l * e*»M-«e« *r any • , • A
% IS SI &P«ci*Jul(BU»CuaM. £>L)ftycu» ff
/* fljjjl OR.J33DAN-PRIYATE OICEAHEi* 4
* I Vm I ****•• fs»«siiiiiiji<anas»Miii>ia. "
mwl Vim u'--'-iu '--'-i • rmioiorm.ii
f' jj I* M*ltni4l.»:. IMILBO K*t«. ■A f
/« v* v *»uaMe book for m»a) j.
9 OR JUKI) 4.N A CO, 1011 Market St.. M. F 9
• -*.-%. -%-^%. -*►<•*. <s> •
UNITED STATES BRANCH
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— or the —
HELVETIA SWISS
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF st GALL. SWITZERLAND. ON Tltn
3!st day of December. A. D. IS3I. and f^r
the year ending on that day. as mad* to ih-»
! Insurar Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of section*
(10 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Cumin t»sloner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Donda owned by Company tC0.2«3 5>
Cash In Company's Office uz j-|
Cash In Hanks 115.3J0 11
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans j.sic *?
! Premiums In due Cours« of Collection. T4.723 :,•
Total Assets EJJ3.M7 53
LIATtILITIES.
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 123.112 34
: Losses resisted. Including expenses 2. 50 M
Gross premiums on Fire Rinks run-
; ning one year or less. }.>>,.„*: si; re-
insurance 50 per cent 143,231 I,
' Gross premiums on Fire Rinks run-
1 ning more than one year. 537.419 S3;
re-Insurance pro rat a K.SI3 19
Due and accrued for salaries, rent.
etc tim
All other demands against the com-
pany r.4M 17
Total Liabilities JK7.4?4 '.4
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $341,217 S>
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and from
1 all other source* Z3.1C0 17
Total Income frri.r.n o>t
EX PEN DITTOES.
; Net amount paiil for Fire Losses fin-
cluding $.t7.M7 02. losses of previous
years) 1153.J4J a
Paid or allowed for Commission or
lirokerage . «n.M> ««
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 1 :». ..
Paid for State. National, and local
! taxes 12.«tf «t
All other payment* and expenditures.. IViu 71
Total Expenditures ponyq <♦
Ft re.
Louses Incurred during th» rear miii El
Risks and Premiums. | Fire RUks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year K0.5M.113 J4T3.TM X 7
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 4J.432.1C2 434. 13
Net amount In force
December 11. UM... 23.423.1171 173. fM a
BAML R. WEED,
of Weed A Kennedy. Managers. •
Subscribed and sworn to before m*. this 25th
day of January. 109.
EDWIN F. COM T.
Commissioner for California.
S"2"Z & CO,
GENERAL AGENTS.
801 California Street.
■ '•••••••♦ ♦♦«■••»»«»«»«»«»«■
I Th* luxury, comfort. conTtnlcaoem. ', ,
cnistn* aaU ißw<Urat* cturiM aavs 
j 1 1 g»v* B ib« ]]
PALACE and ■■
| GRAND !
1 ♦
II hotels a reputation that Is known wh»r- •
II ever th* English lanirnsie Is spoken. »
i > Connected by a rovere.l p*asaK«way— 4
14M rooms— »on with baths. I
T . _ Jf>H _ N C. KIRKF'AIHI. X Manax*r. ,
gS Cal«&«st«r^ EaglUh Diamond Br*a& ' -
f ENNYROYAL FILLS
ENNYROYAL PILLS
y -^"~v Original *od Only Ocasts*. •.
/-./Ty/\ »»•«. »:■"•»• r-.t%kt« t.*ei«» »it «V
>.?S_4r-^« I>rwrltl fcr CUsUsUr, £Sy.'.«* Dn/f^.
L^SX^r^\'*tnJ Brmd la BU4 «a 4 <«.'i ».ui:iaV«JT?
— C^MJiiim. •»•.•! «4U| »IM ri^N>*. Take VLT
I*l •% Mto otke^ ««in»m tofanti mlnww ™
I / fff lions md tmiUli. H. t'.l>r«,-;> > U.JtWt4 )
I (p» JJf la «•»■(>• for awtlamlsrs. UaUSMasasi •• I
\V B **ir*llnf Tar 1.»,i1e«i," tnlttur. kr rtlirm
"A. L' Mall. lU.OSwT~UaK>eUa Ko^.ln-r.
_?—? — *• 11 • 11 iisiluli 1 Mjijli i« «►!■!.«,
»M sj >a Dwtiiiu. PlnT.\Da-P«7
Weekly Can. $1.09 YearBULLETS FLY ON
CROWDED STREET
Tragedy Viewed by Fe-
of Gotham.
»R ATTEMPTS MURDER
Th-n Pla«s the Muzzle of His Re
volver in His Mouth and Kills
Himself in Sight of
Hundreds.
Pj-ccUl Dlrpatch to The Call
NEW YORK. l>rc. a-WHUs Clark 42
rears of apt-, a variety actor, tried to kill
J..s wife a::d little child and then commit
n-d tuicidv on Broadway; in front of u»e
irth Avenue Hotel, to-day. He tired
three shots, one at hi* little elrl and two
at his wifi-. misslnp ' -m He then
j'.aced the muzzle of the revolver in .his
:nouth and Hr.d.
The street was ernvrded at the time.
t lark nas walking vith his wife and
i'.y'i. t :.irk directed the attention of his
wife to one of the bewcy columns, and as
she tunjtd her bead ho drew a revolver
from his pocket, aimed at her and ilr<-d
two *hots. He quickly nrtd another shot
•it the ihild. but In the throiitf hi* aim
va* tpolkd and the hhot went upward.
AH three bullets passed through his wife a
l:at.
The fMwd scattered in all directions »nd
I'latk had v dear bpace for himself. He
j>!acvd tlie muzrle of the revolver In hi*
raouttl and flred. Hp foil amid a pande
tnunlunvot i*hrt<rk» from bystanders.
Aci.jtuinc to Hie etaument of Mrs.
' »:k. \:ct hut-t-ar.dji act was due to ter
n: • rjjiy Insanity, brought on by financial
misfortune*. He had ix-,-n a member uf
th<- company of the late Sam T. Jack, and
W to the time the latters playhouse was
• lowed bad bees constantly employd.
Mnct then h* had born unsuccessful and
Suid run largely in debt.
For many years past h« had boon writ.
in* ytitea fur mli;i«tr^l men and comedians.
llvcentl) be f«tarud th- publication of a
monthly periodical called Willis Clark's
.'■ k. Hook. Thib pained a little circula
tion anmng vaudeville actors, but wa* not
a paying venture. Several months ago he
ucnt to Chicago to advertise his oook
more extensively through the West. He
w; t s not suiv.-^sful and returned to N« •*•
York. Flrfce then he has. b*»en in trouble
:
■
■
■
STRANGE FREAKS OF
AN INSANE CARPENTER
s a Pn&ad^na Water Main Be-
cause His M- - Been
Taken Out.
TASADENA. Dec. city baa a
crnry man who Is a genius it touching
Mjinn tfc* very limits of the law's endur
ance. His name Is A. T. Hagler. He Is a ]
c.irjH-nter and his record for disturbing
the peace dates back to last summer.
Ilafler Ugan by threatening to kill the j
r.ar.j. to of the North Pasadena Water
c'i>n*;any. M. H. Salisbury, for reading his
ttat'r meter. Then he took it into his
bead that the zar.jero or some other of his j
coexnlcn ■wore trying to kill him. He pro- )
curvd a revolver an«l each night shot Into
•. .-. :.-:-,.> and hedges about his premises, ■
thinking to kill parlies who wen- lying In i
wait J\>r him. Along in th« fall he re- j
iK-rtt-d that some one had fhot through
j.i-- houa« while he was at church. He
fhuwcii the bullet which he picked from j
hit tx-dpo*t. Hail he been In the house at
the time, he declared, the bullet would j
have hit him.
A polictmitn gave him a talking to and !
HacKT retaliate by circulating mean ,
htories about the policeman. This made
the nttlrtT angry, ar.d one day. after his
tx-at was over, he took off hi*, star, halted j
]luf^if>r Jn th° j « atyl pM^'e him ft hot
phot in the face- *lth his fist The next
day the carj»nter. was stalking up and
•Sown the Ftrcets with a revolver buckled
In plain view about his waist. He had
left off his coat. i>o that there would be
no danger of the (run's not being seen.
Time wore on. and the peaceful citizens
waited to *cc what would happen next.
<>n Sunday morning there came a vol
uble flow of water down the principal
street and it was supposed that a cloud
burst had occurred. This was not the
rase, however. The zanjr-ro of the North
Pasadena Water Company had taken out
HagU-r's meter and cut off his water sup
ply Ix-cause he would not pay. So Hart.. r
r.ad procured a shovel and an ax and nad
dug down to the water main and cut It
square In two. thinking to drown out the
native*, his enemies.
Nfu- Shippine Orders
• ■ .
- tnatriie
the mji
■-k shlp
r ts In plac«
•>nta to
A Pilfering Clerk.
Harry R Smith. The pilfering clerk of
Fhr*vr & Co.. Jewelers, convicted of petty
larreny. appeared for sentence before
Jurfg^ Mogan yesterday. An earnest plea
for the Imposition of a une to save him
from ihe disgrace of going to jail was
made by ex-Judge Pierce of L*>s Angeles,
but the Judge fa: : It waj his second of
fence and an example had to be made
<jf tomo one. He sentenced him to thirty
days in the County Jail.
■ ♦ •
rr.ar.y m> men spend thlr
..Ing to make trouble for each
ADVERTISEMENTS.
COULD TRY THEM ALL
A Drug Clerk's Experience.
The following letter from Mr. H. B.
Ftark. l'.C2 Pine Ftreet, Scranton. Pa., ex- ;
plains lt*elf and will be of Interest to
thousands who have suffered the tortures
r.f that common trouble, hemorrhoids or
piles.
Mr. Stark **>•*: "I feel It my duty to
write an unsolicited testimonial regarding
the Pyramid Pile Cure. Since a boy I
have suffered untold agony from piles. I
have tried all liable remedies, con-
sulted many physicians, but without help
or even relief. I have been employed as
a drug clerk for the past fifteen years,
consequently have been In a position
where I could try ail of the new and old
remedies for piles, but as before stated
to no avail.
"About j«lx weeks ago I was again suffer-
ing from my old trouble, and as an ex-
periment tried the Pyramid Pile Cure, and
let me euy that It gave Instant relief and
I ion now wholly cured, 1 am sure also
that the cure Is permanent.
"I shall always rccomm«nd the Pyramid
to any one Buffering from auy •m of
piles and Fhall do what I can to advance
ihe pale of *o excellent a remedy." Signed
Ji. B. Stark.
Thf Pyramid Pile Cure is the most
poj.ulnr and widely known of any remedy
ever often*! for piles.
It Is th<- most popular because It Is the
most successful. It cure* every form of
piles without pain or detention from dally
occupation and contains no opiate or co-
caine or any poisonous or injurious sub-
sell the Pyramid Pile Cure
at W cent* for full sized packages. '
TRAIN DERAILED
TO SAVE LIFE
.Prompt Action Averts a
Wreck at Stockton.
F;*»c!iil Dispatch to T>.e Call.
FTOCKTON. Doc. 23.— The prompt ac
tion of Towermnn Mt-yers this evcnlnc in
running the north-bound Santa Fe pns
!»er.Ror train on the derailing switch
ay« rt^d a fmiuh-up and probable attend
ant loss of life. The passenger engine
went into a ditch a few feet from the
Southern I'acine and Santa Fe crossing,
ar.d the Southern Pacific freight, which
was crossing the Santa Fe track, passed
on in safety.
The Santa Fe paasenper. duo hero at I
o'clock, was late and approached the
cropping Just as the south-bound South
ern Pacific frclcht was moving out. Tow
erman Meyers saw that the freight would
be on the crossing first, and a» the pas
senger did not Feem to be slowing down,
he threw open the derailing switch and
the Santa Fe train run in at a lively clip.
In less time than takes to tell it the en
gine went ovt-r Into the ditch. Engineer
Armstrong and the fireman Jumped, es
caping Injury. The passengers were
•riven a good shaking up by the sudden
stop. At the moment the engine was
thrown, the Southern Pacific freight en
gine and two cars of a long train were
across the Santa F. track, indicating that
the passenger engine would have struck
square hud it not been got under con
trol or derailed. The engine rollM over
in the ditch and lie* on Its side. The
forward trucks of the baggage car are off
the truck, but the other coaches re
mained.
There is a dispute among railroad men
as to whether or not Meyers was Justified
In his action. Engineer Armstrong claims
that the signals were not given him and
If th- had been he could have brought
his rnglne to a standstill before the
Southern Fnclflc track was reached.
FIRE AT DUTCH FLAT.
Chinese Merchant Found Dead in the
R*ar of His Store.
DUTCH FIAT. Dec 23— A number of
buildings in Chinatown were destroyed by
fire early this morning. After the flames
had been extinguished the body of Wee
Kee. a merchant, was found in the rear of
his store. It is presumed he was asleep
when the fire broke out and was overcome
by smoke.
BOYS OVER EIGHTEEN
YEARS MAY ENLIST
CONSENT OF PARENTS IS NOT
NECESSARY.
Far-Reaching Opinion Handed Down
by United States District Judge
de Haven in an Enlist
ment Case.
Boys who have passed their eighteenth
year, who are imbued with military ar
dor and enlist in the navy, must serve
fur the full period of their enlistment, ac
cording to an opinion handed oown yts
terday by United States District Judge
de Haven. The case In issue was that
of Eugene L Norton. 19 years old, who
enlisted on a naval vessel in this har
bor. Norton's mother applied for a wiit
, of habeas corpus and asked for the re
lease of her boy on the ground that lie
was a minor, under the age cf 21 years,
and therefore could not legally enlist
without the consent of his parents.
Judge d<? Haven lays down the proposi
tion that «'on«ress has the right to declare
what class of persons shall be permitted
to enlist In the navy and may provide by
•law for the enlistment' of minors there
in without the consent of parents or guar-
I dlans. The opinion states further that the
I Revised Statutes provide that minors be
tween 16 and 18 years of age shall not
I r>e enlisted In the naval service without
the consent of parents or guardians and
the Judge nraws the Inference that minors
over the age of l* years may lawfully en
list in the navy without the consent of
! parents or guardians, such consent being
i required only where the eligible minor
Is under the age of 11 yars.
In accordance with the pinion the
court ordered young Norton into the cus-
I tody of thi» I'nited States naval au-
I thorlties to serve for the full period of
; his enlistment. Hert Schlestnger. the at
| torney for Norton, will take an appeal
] to Uv& United States Circuit-Court of A;,
peals.
ROW IN A ROOMING HOUSE.
The Landlady, a Doctor and a Real
Estate Agent Mix Things Up.
There was a lively row In the rooming
house. SSS Market street, yesterday morn
ing, and as a result the landlady. Mrs.
Mary Johnson, and two of the occupants
of her rooms were arrested and later re
leased on their own recognizance. Mrs.
Johnson went to th ottlce of Warren H.
Cowing, real estate agent, and insisted
that he should keep his door closed, as
the other roomers complained of the noise
he mado. Cowing threatened to kill her,
and selling a chair made a blow at her.
She dodged, and Dr. Kmll Tfilele. who has
also an Bee In the building, ran to her
assistance. The doctor mixed things up
with the real estate agent and soon
knocked him out.
Cowing went to the Receiving Hospital
and had a lacerated wound of the scalp
dressed, after which he secured a warrant
In Judge Mogan's court for the arrest of
Thtete and Mrs. Johnson on a charge of
battery. About the same time Mrs. John
son secured warrants for Cowlng's arrest
from Judge Conlan on charges of battery
and threats againut life.
TOTAL TAX COLLECTIONS.
The Sum of $3,815.669 05 Has Been
Collected Up to Date.
Tax Collector Shechan yesterday com
pleted his returns on the amount collected
for taxes of all descriptions from July 1,
1899. up to and including November 27.
The figures of Head Bookkeeper Maginre
are as follows:
personal property secured by real
estate »74 21
Iteal e*tata. flnt Installment 2.273.781 S»
Real WtaMi second Installment K7.615 33
Personal property unsecured by real
Mtat* 5C6 M
Taxes of previous yaars 2.079 69
Total n.fix.^ill
In addition there ho* b*«n collected
sine* November 27. when taxes became
delinquent, the Bum of J5702 HZ, making a
grand total of (3.515.G0 06.
The grand total on th* books, a* re
turned by the Assessor, for collection Is
«,.<C6 M W. leaving the sum of $2,160,512 H
yet to be collected. Of this amount $1,787,
&* i ft) remains on the second Installment
of real estate taxes, which falls due on
January 2. 1900. and becomes delinquent
April ». 1000.
■ ♦ ■
IDENTIFY THEIR GOODS.
Charles Huth. the restaurant man at
Jll Montgomery avenue, who was arrested
Friday for being a "fence" for wagon
thieves, was arrested yesterday and
booked at the City Prison on two charges
of receiving stolen property and other ac
cusations will probably be added to the
list. Yesterday several grocers who had
suffered by having articles stolen fiom
their wagons called at the City Prison to
have a look at the miscellaneous coilec
tlon of articles found on Huth> premlres.
H. \V. Mangels of Flllmore and Grven
wlch streets. Identified several cans of
salmon. stol?n, along with ot.ner articles,
from his wagon on December 12; Henry
Tletjen «>f Eighteenth and Sanchez streets
Identified two sacks of sugar and four
rolls of butter; Wolff Forwarding Com
pany Identified several, boxes of cigars
and A. Herzberg. 901 Point Lobos avenue,
also identified several articles.
The detectives are satisfied that th*> four
thieves 'n "the tanks'— Julian Nichols.
Edward Lynch, William Shulach and
Louis Blutnenthal— were Implicated in the
stealing of McCoy & Co.'s wagon Thurs
day morning and expect to have ample
proof against them soon.
The Swindlers Must Suffer.
The Supreme Court has affirmed the
conviction of A. R r"armib<»n and C. r>.
Ppen<~' r. who were found guilty of grand
larceny In Los Angelea.
THE PAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 24. 1899.
CHRISTMAS SURPRISE AT
MAJOR HARNEY'S HOME
MAJOR p. J. HARNET broke ■ record last night. For the first time
in his life ho was unable to make a speech. He was struck dumb
when he entered his home last night, and had It not been for the
timely assistance of ex-Governor Budd and his colleagues on the
Harbor Board the major's calamity might have staid with him
many hours. His remarkable experience was entirely due to an elaborate
Christmas surprise party, planned by the employes of the Harbor Commis
sion.
As the major entered his home and saw the glittering baubles of the Christ
mas tree reflected In the burnished surfaces of a massive silver service, that he
knew he had not owned' earlier In the day. he Impulsively looked at his hall
lamp to satisfy himself that he had not entered the wrong house. At th. tame
moment an orchestra tilled the parlors with the music set to the march of a
"conquering hero": a loud laugh came from the darkened dining-room, and
was followed by ■ boisterous clapp'ne: of hands. The major was still in i
trnr.ee till he heard, char above all other disturbances, musical or oral. th.«
Oaklandesque laugh of W. D. English Then the situation dawned upon him
and he became speechless.
Ex-Governor Hudd spent several minutes trying to restore the major's
equanimity, and seeing the task to be temporarily useless he derided to make
a speech. '•This Is certainly a happy opening of th.> Christmas season." said
the ex-Governor. "We all value th. esteem and affection of our fetlowmen.
We value it most when we can satisfy ourselves that we have at least par
tially merited it. Major Harney erin justly appreciate the fullest extent
the motive that has brought us here. Anxious to show our high regard for
Major Han we have made him this little present, which we hope he will
live long to use. with his estimable wife and charming children. As a ma:-.
Major Harney is the pe<>r of any man' one little glance that we are now tak
ing into his home life testifies to his* value as a husband and father; as a
friend. I need say thing, and as a servant of the State he is deserving of
the highest confidence."
• Kllburn of the Harbor Board sincerely Indorsed all the ex-Oov
ernor's remarks, and when he one:- ■• r Barney was sufficiently ooi
1. rte>l to ull how be had been held : it all the afternoon, tl
wlthf.ut any suspicions on his part, by Mr and Mrs Kilburn, ex-i",.
nd Rudolph Harold. In chosen words Major Harm
1 his thanks. ;, • I ;,,ri by r« ferrinp to
■ ! a !iu>:h it Mr I?. ■ v.y telling how that
gentleman, when Invited by Mr. Kllburn to join them at the Harneys" h^.i
the excuse that he did not cure to meet ladles In tho evening, wearing
• ■
Rod • Id, still wearlnc his r. -d «hoes. paid a hljrh compliment to Ma
for Harney, and fuM that the day ift<r they met th'-v became firm friends
and had s.> remained ever since. Mr Herold suid he was personally under a
debt of pratitudo to Mr. Harney f..r the : the major had shown In
taking him on the Inside r.f w .• problems.
Bpeeches wen also made by Ifesna, Tullck, J.>nks. Henderson, ORrien
Gopdrlch and others. A banquet followed the presentation, and several toasta
were drunk, including that of th<- Governor of • -
YOUNG MAN ARRESTED
ON A SERIOUS CHARGE
John Hagerman. a DTUg Clerk, Ac-
cused of Robbing a
Woman.
John Hapcnran, a young drug clerk,
was taken -
Celen and Ifagei and el - at
•y Prison with robbery. T r
oner was arrested on ■ warrant sworn w
by Mr- R ird, otherwise known
mm "Myrtle Henderson" and "Myrtle An
." a young woman who tried to end
lay morning by swallow
ing carbolto
As was published exclusively In The
Call on Wednesday last. Mr.-. KeCord was
attacked in her room in the Parker House
and robbed of $40. and was so upset by the
action of her husband, who participated
: in the crime, that she swallowed the poi
son. The woman was taken to the hospi
tal and placed out of danger. On learning
of the robbery Captain Wlttman detailed
Otficers Joy and .Wilson on the case, but
they were unable to find the men who
perpetrated the crime.
Mrs. McCord was set on having her hus
band and his companion punished for the
attack on her. so she swore 'to the war
•rants. During the pa I few days she has
kept her eye open lor her assailants, and
last night she located Hagerman and no
tified Policemen Colen and Magee and
they placed him under arrest.
Hagerman denied that he robbed the
woman. Robert. McCord. th«» man who
ran off with the money, is still at large.
THE MW YORKERS.
A New Social Urbanization Composed
of Former Residents of the
Empire Sta.e.
A number of former residents of Ww
York met In the Occidental Hotel a f • w
evenings since and organized an a
tlon which has selected for Its name "The
N. t\ Yorkers." The object Is to promote
good-fellowship and sociability among it?
member* and collect, preserve and diffuse
Information respecting the State of New
York.
The following named were rnosen of
ficers: General W. EL L. Parn. s, presi
dent; Max Popper and Colonel W. K.
Pmedberg. vice presidents: Colonel EL P.
Push, secretarj'; Philip I. Fisher, treas
w.-r Colonel Southard Hoffman. E. B.
J P M< eh in. Dr. 8. W. Biche!.
William Mi-Mnnn and J. K. Much, direct
ors. The last named will be the executive
committee and will manage the affairs cf
the new organization.
Walhalla's Christmas Tree.
A more Jovial and sociable set of people
never met In a lodge room of the Odd
Fellows' building than that which was In
that of Walhalla Rebekah Lodge last
night to enjoy the Christmas festival ar
ranged by the members. The room was
tastefully decorated with the colors of the
order, and at one end was a tree loaded
down with presents for all. Mrs Mere
dith, the noble grand, was the mistress of
ceremonies, ana after the close of the
lodge Invited all to partake of a bountiful
collation. A series of games followed,
and prizes were awarded to each winner,
after which there were dancing. singing of
English and German ballads and the dis
tribution of the prizes. Next month this
lodge, which is the only German one of
the order In this city, will Install the fol
lowing officers: Oeondana Hencken. no
ble grand: Josephine Duerew. vice grand;
Emma Grenlncer. recording secretary;
Ttllle Lorentz, financial secretary, and Ju
lia Marks, treasurer.
A Railroad Change.
Tho Pacific [mproveaeni Company,
commencing on the first Of the year, will
move Into new oSOM in the ("rocktr
building- All the various properties be*
longing to the Pacific Improvement people
are to be henceforth operated under one
hf-ad and that head will l>e the company
lts< if. Various branches of the company
which have heretofore been under the
f one or another of the different de
partments of the Southern Pacific will be
chang»»d so «s to come under the control
< f tht company to which they properly
■ belong.
FIRST REGIMtNT I?
STILL VERY UNSETTLED
All Because the Upper Office Is So I
Very Slow — Discussion as to '
Life in Camp.
All matters affecting the First Regi
ment of the National Guard of Callfor-
arc as th«.y were a week ago. The
authorities at Sacramento are examining
the muster rolls of the twelve companies
and also examining the oaths and the
surgeons' certificates, to the end that the
lists shall all be correct when the order
1.- Anally Issued admitting the regiment
formally Into the guard; but that upper
Office is very slow.
Captain -Havens of the Fifth Regiment
commanding the company at Banta Rom
has secured a ranee site on a lease for
two years near what is known as the
Rock Quarry, close to the city. The
ground which was obtained a few days
ago will shortly be graded and ranges at
200. 300 and 500 yards trill be established
The company at San Rafael Is making
arrangements to obtain a suitable range
near that city, and expects to secure one
within the next two weeks.
There Is no certainty that a division
camp can be held this year a : Santa
{■run. for at the time that those mem*
bers of the guard who can obtain leave
of absence to go to camp, those men who
belong to the companies that are located
in the farming districts will be so kYirv
that it will be Impossible for them to m
away. The general talk Is In favor of
regimental camps. But It is the opinion
of a number of the guard that the camps
should not be as they have been in C
past, where there is nothing but guard
mount dress parade, close and open or
d« r and the like, but that the men should
be made to perform the actual work t hit
they would "be called upon to , r nrm
they were In service. This would include
marches, reconnaissance, map making
and reports on the condition of the roads
and country. The Idea is to give the ™i
dlers of the State practical /ork so that
they may know the duties of a soldier
Instead of having a picnic and dances
It is asserted thai as the State will have
to pay for the camp that it should be
money expended to bring about practical
results, so that In case of need offices
and men may know what they are at
It was expected that the superior of
fice at Sacramento, which i 9i 9 so very slow
would have before this either prepared a
new set of rules and regulations for the
guard or Issued an order discarding the
present ones. But neither has been don.-
It is stated by men who have studied the
National Guard laws well and are fn
mlltar with the UnlteJ States army blue
book, that if the superior office will dis
card the present rules and regulations
and issue an order declaring that th«
guard will in future be governed by he
blue book so far as It is applicable in the
guard, that the officers will have a sen
slble guide to go by. But as it in what
they have to guide them is worse than
nothing.
WAS STRICKEN DOWN
BY HEART DISEASE
Jacob Michaelson Fell on the Street
and Passed Away Shortly After
at Receiving Hospital.
Jacob Michaelson. a stockbroker, who
resides at 204 Ellis street, died at the Re- .
reiving Hospital last night from heart
disease. He was stricken while walking
with his wife down Sixth street and was
quickly removed to the hospital In a'■
coupe. He passed away shortly after his !
arrival, and at the request of the Cor- '
oner's deputy the body was removed to !
the California Undertaking Company's
parlors.
The deceased was &i years of age and '
well known in this city.
Asks for Extra Clerks.
Tax Collector Sheehan yesterday peti
tioned the Hoard of Supervisors to appro
priate the sum of $400 for the employment
of extra clerks. in his office. The extra
clerk* will be employed in stamping the :
assessment rolls, making out bills and ,
also the routine work of the office in pre
paring the same for transfer to Tax Col
lector-elect Scott. ■'..-. J
MOODY'S FUNERAL
IS POSTPONED
Services Will Be Held
Tuesday Afternoon.
Special Plspat.h to The Call.
EAST XORTHFIELD. Mass.. Dec. 23.—
Yielding to pressure brought to bear by
friends, the family of Dwlght L. Moody
to-day decided to defer the funeral of Mr.
Moody until Tuesday afternoon. Instead
of holding It on Monday. M at flrst they
Intended to do. Some of the details were
arranged during this forenoon, and it
was made known later that the family
had consented that public services should
be held in the Congregational church at
2:30 o'clock. The body will lit- In state at
the church during the morning. Rev. C.
J. Schofleld. pastor of the church, will offi
< late, assisted by Rev. R. A. Torrey of
Chicago, and addresses will be ma by
men who have been associated with Mr.
Moody in his work.
Upward of 100 telegrams of condolence
from all Darts of the United States huve
been received up to 11 o'clock.
Rev. F. I?. Meyer of London, who has
been a prominent speaker at Northfieul.
and who. with Mr. Moody, held meetings
in several of the large cities of the coun
try last fall, cabled from England. Among
th.- messages from this country were
those from Commander Booth-Tucker,
Mr. and Mrs. John Wanamaker. Louis
Klopsch of the Christian Herald and
George B. Studd of Los Angeles. Cal. Sev
eral relatives and close friends of the
family arrived here during the forenoon.
The trustees of the Northfleld Seminary
met to-day and set apart a spot at Round
Top as the burial place of Mr. Moody.
The grave will be school property, but It
la very near the Moody home. Owing to
the large number of friends who are ex
pected to attend the funeral, the North
field, the hotel which is used for the ac
commodation of those who attend the in
stitute annually, will be opened, and If
found necessary other arrangements will
be made to care for those who come to
the funeral.
The selection of pallbearers and otl-cr
details will be attended to on Monday.
Lecture by Dr. Voprsanger.
Rabbi Jacob voorsanger, D.D., rabbi of
Temple Emanu-El, Butter street, will lec
ture this evening at the Starr King Afri
can M. E. /-l"n Church. MS Stockton
street, at S o'clock. Subject, * The Com
mon Right of Education." All are in
vited to attend. •
CALIFORNI' TEMPLARS
AT THE GRAND CONCLAVE
The members of California Commandery
No. 1 and those of Golden Gate Com
mandery No. 16. Knights TVmplar, of
this rity are making. through their re-
■pecttve committees. great preparations
for the triennial conclave, to be held In
Louisville. Ky.. In 1901. The first named
has secured quarters In the Gall House
for 150 Sir Knights, and the latter for 270
at the same hotel. The members of Cali
fornia will have their headquarters In the
lower part of the building, while the oth
er will occupy the billiard hall The
Knights ••!" California will build a grand
arch at First and Main streets, that w!ll
be known as the California arch, while
the members of Golden Gate will have an
electrical display In front of the Gait
House. They have made arrangement i
for a grand display In the parade, .md
they will entertain In a most hospitable
mariner, keeping up thn reputatl that
the Knights from California have gained
wherever they have attended the con
claves.
The members of California Commandory
will appear In the parade mount on
black horses, and will be the special es
cort of Sir Reuben H. Lloyd of this city,
the most emliunt grand master, on. his
trip across the continent. On the way •.■•
St. Louis the commanderies of Colorado,
Kansas and Missouri will Join In the cf
cort to the conclave city.
The several commanderies of the various
States and Territories are all active In th«»
matter of preparations. Up to last w«=ok
forty-five commanderies had secured
quarters in Louisville, and orders lor
more rooms were still arriving.
One of the features of the grand en
campment of the United States will be th«
competitive drill. In which a number of
the organisations will take part. Golden
Gate Commandery of this city will be In
It. and expects to be In the very fore
front.
Fair Estate Censured.
The following rerdld was rendered oy
the Coroner's Jury :it the Inquest y. Bter
day upon the tody of William Ryan, the
carpenter who was v ; ! !» <l last r
afternoon by falling through a tern, ■
flooring In the Fair building on Pine
'•Thitt said death was accidental, and
further, we find that the elevator shaft
was not properly guarded, and n
th- owners of th>' property at H9 l'ln»
str>-t-t »th>- Fair »-stat»'» for not maliitain
jng proper safeguards for th»- prol
of workmen employed by them 01
building."
The verdict was approved by the Coro
ner.
Villier Was the Man.
An btejnesi was begun by Coroner Hill
• lay on the r. -mains of Bdltfa How
land, the twenty-two-year-oM woman
who died a IBt Luke'i H ispital last
Wednesday from the effects of s criminal
operation. Tb< testimony of tr.
elicited the fact that A. J. VHUer, a
printer, was responsible ftf t her mffor
tune and that be hail tb< jp. r
formed. villur went to I. - Ai . . ;• -< after
the girl died, hut was expected to r'turn
to this city last nleht. The Inquest « i
thtTi-upon continued until Tuesday morn
ing at II o'clock.
Charged With Burglary.
M. T. Dwyer. an ex-Deputy County
Clerk, living at 95 Steuart street, was in
structed ana arraigned in Judge Mogan's
court yesterday on a charge of burglary.
He is accused of breaking Into the room
of "Pete" Trovenal. who lives in the
same house. The case was continued till
Tuesday. M. Lang, another roomer, se
cured a search warrant from Judge Mo
gan to recover a trunk which he alleges
Dwyer stole from his room.
All Passengers Escaped.
MASON CITY. lowa. Dee 23.-A mes
fhK" received In this city to-day direct
fr>m Clarence Dumbolton re-fun's th. re
port recently received from Vancouver
relative to the death by drowning of Mrs.
Dumbolton and four others. The vessel
was caught in the Jam and destroyed
with its contents, but the passengers es
caped and were at Delawyn.
Price on Kang Yu Wei"s Head.
PF.KING. Dec. 23.— An imperial edict
ju>t issi:. d often t special fswaafls for th»»
capture of the Cantonese reformer, KanK
Yu Wei, dead or alive. As Kuni; Yu WVi
is in Hongkong. This Is regarded a? an !n
dtement to commit murJtr In a Urltlsh
colony.
LONG-LIVED PIANOS
WFRFR Are Standard Pianos
P?RFT I ~ tne eber is one.
IVllliljlj We have them in Baby Grands and Uprights—
And 5 other makes Cash or installments.
ni a Kino " you buy a P° or ? lano w 'th a useless guarantee it
rIAINUo. Is not our fault.
C. F. MARTIN SHEET MUSIC I 3 OFF TO EVERYBODY.
'ma R ndolins Genniiie Slradivarins and Araati Violin.
A nc I QRBAT BAROAIN.
Clark Wise & Co.,
OPEN EVENINGS. Cor. Geary St. and Grant Aye..
WELLCOME'S GUILT
DECLARED PROVED
Supreme Court of Mon
tana Disbars Him.
GAVE COIN TO LEGISLATORS
Decision Means That the Lawyer
Used Money to Influence Votes
for United States Senator
Clark.
Bfcclal Dispatch to Th
HELENA, Mont.. Dec. .— The Supreme
Court to-day announced its decision in the
Wellcome disbarment case. The court In
an opinion per curlam by the whole court
reviews the recent memorable proceed
ings had before It and concludes by lind
ing that John li. Wellcome must i<e de
prived or the privilege of further actins
as an attorney and counselor at law.
The court begins its opinion by review-
Ing brietly the charges prelerred against
\\ ellcome of bribery and conspiracy ■to
bribe, as well as th»» recent proceedings
before the court. The court says that in
discussing the case It will eliminate all
charges based upon Information, address
ing itself directly to the question of th«
guilt or Innocence of th. accused on the
specific charge of bribery. On account of
the voluminous evidence taken and be
cause disbarment must be made In ca.-»e
either the charge of bribery or tnat of
piracy to bribe Ii sustained by the
proof the court will 1 1. Mine Itself to the
charge of the payment of fIO,OuO to State
Senator Clark of Madison County, refer
ring to the cases of Garr. Whiteslde and
Myer only in so far as It is necessary to
elucidate the Clark charge.
The court discards those portions of th>»
evidence bearing on the financial transac
tions of Warner. Gelger and Hobson as
Immaterial. It quotes extensively from
the testimony of Plate Senator Clark as
to his meeting with Whiteslde. the tv*o
planning to meet with Wellcome for tin*
purpose of getting the money to expose
bribery and the scene in Wellcome'« room
In the 11. -I. Hotel when the money van
paid to Clark.
In a long review of the evidence th»«
court hold.* that the payment of $10,000 by
Wellcome to State Senator Clark to Influ
ence his vote for rnited States Senntor la
proved nnd that Wellcome should be dis
barred for the art.
"LITTLE 80-PEEP"
AT THE TIVOLI
Tt Is a merry Christmas at the Tivoll
with "Little 80-Pet-p." Ferris Hartmnn
has pot his second wiml and monopolize*
the comedy. We r>m- ml - "Teddy" for
many things, but chiefly. I think, for hi
unthinkable costumes, and now that he
is with us again he outdoes all his pre
vious efforts In the mar of jcrotes<iu»»
costuminp. There in humor in his Kreen
GainsborouKh In th* lit -• act. and his
habiliments in the second are fearfully
and wonderfully wrought. The question
Is, can he continue to exceed himself?
"Little 80-Peep" fits the occasion suf
ficiently well It has a certain celerity
and the pauses between laughs are not
too lontr. Yet, candidly, I would suggest
to the theatrical mechanic who construct*
our up-to-date burlesques that It would
be wiser ■i him not to dump thins* on
the. stage too hurriedly. This mixture of
?:<>od stuff and pood enough stuff Is not
air to any one -neither the public, nor
the acton, nor the author. When the
Tlvoll propose* (it might he more correct
to pay when the management of the Tlv
oll thinks) to produce another extrava
ganza, let It pause. How much better
would It be to take pains! How much
better to cast aside the mass of Indif
ferent dialogue and make the thing clever
from beginning to end.
This would necessitate, perhaps, the
laying over of a contemplated production
for a six-month or a year, but in the end
we would be. served with an entertain
ment that would not only appeal to the
easily pleased, but would Interest the
most blase listener. That would mean a
record-breaking run. and therein the pa
tient author would find his reward.
"Little 80-Peep" has its foundation In
English burlesque and the original rhyme
crops out occasionally. I wonder If It has
ever struck the paraphrasts of English
burlesque that it might be well for them
to make their versions In rhyme. A mod
ern extravaganza with genuine claims to
literary merit would offer a new Interest.
Of the peopJe^aLlhe Ttvoll nomo honor
able mention may be made After Hart
man and very close at that, comes Alf
Wheelan. who. If not good enough for
first comedian. Is almost too good for
second. As old Mother Hubbard he
makes much of the fun. Annie Meyers
Is not prominent, but she carries her part
with the same snap as usual and sings
with a much Improved voice. Miss Morti
mer also sings and right well, though her
merit lies chiefly In a few tricks of vocal
ization that she seems to have effectively
developed. There Is In the second act a
travesty on tho male quartet, that (un
accompanied) abomination that Is more
than half-clever Without further detail,
however. "Little Rn-Peep" cannot fall to
amuse, and. while we attend the coming
of the eonslstentlv clever burlesque, we
can be very satisfactorily entertan by
this "holiday attraction."
PORTER GARNET.
A Great Center of Fun.
There are but few centers of mnnrftn^n*
In tho city that have become more nopu
lar than the Steeplechase. Central Park.
The s«i>lrlt Of festivity so inseparable to
the holiday season has not been lost sl-rht
Of by the management, and a lone line of
extra attractions has been provided f..r
th« tronc The resort Is about to tnk*
s»*v»-ral rapid leaps ahrad in the nmti*e
m»-nt line. The new manager. S. P. Ifur.
phy. who has had years of experience at
Coney Island. New York, has lntrodu~^d
many new features, which have ndrVd
greatly to the popularity of the place. Me
has many attractions In view, and is de
termined to make th'» Steeplechase the
greatest place of amusement In the city.
Killed at a Crossing.
PALMYRA. Mo.. Dec. 23.— Peter N!rhol.
a well-to-do colored farmer, m return
ing: home In a wnsron. when a train struck
nnd demolished the vehicle at a railroad
cropslnjr. killing the old man. one of his
daughters and a Brandchlld. Another
daughter wnn badly injured and ■ sec
ond grandchild has .'-ir.ro died from its in
juries.
Street Orator in Prison.
"Con" Walsh, a well-known street-cor
ner orator, while under the influence of
liquor, haranßUcd a crowd at Powell and
Market streets and annoyed ladles who
were passing by making remarks to them.
He was arrested for disturbing the peace
and yesterday morning he told Judjr,-
Mopan that he was addressing the crowd
on the bond question. The Judge advised
him ii future to hire a hall. He was con
victed and ordered v appear for sentence
Tuesday.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
If you have not time to solve this Drain Tt«t
to-day, cut out this advertisement an sar« It
until you have time. It will he one of the moat
Interesting and profitable things you erer did.
TO-MORROW you ktirrly will have a llttl*
»pare tin* for this great opportunity.
THE PENNY MAGAZINE BRAIN TEST.
The Two-Fifths Letter Contest.
prizes Qicrr^r-\ for the
OF <POUU WINNERS.
Immediately above thl* lire the trader «cc»
three lines oi teeoapfcu letters, whl. h. If eora-
plctt. would ipell tour word*. Only the lower
two-rtfths of *uch letter ap|ears, th« other
: three-fifth* having bren cut off. What ar»
tlitfe four word»T Th-y ar.- a.l taken frum thl«
very advertisement. '»h* wi.r>W are not separ-
ated from each other; but n-ither are the in-
compute letters ::.:\, : up .it ..11. TlWe la n>
tran*sx-»ltlon or other trlrk. Taken .me lettrr
I ritht after the other from tli* lint to th«* twen-
[ ty-thlrd. they spell four words. Earh word up-
PMM but once In tht» advertisement They ar»
four distinct nrid separate words. They .■>"
I In different pl.ios In the a lvortls- i. >••:■,:. n< t
In ift^uenve. and no two wonts appear »n urn*
line of the advertLst.mrnt.
The ■ninnlnu contestant* must decfle what
•rv the (cur words which the Utters liujvc.
If complete, would spell, and In Just wlul llr-
.: the advertisement cacti of the ■■ .r wants la
It Is a noal lOlsrtsUnc contest. There »« nn
chance uU>ui It. It require* only Ingenuity .n.l
| painstaking care In Its solution The four
i words may be determined and located in fhra
minutes, or It may take .in hour or two to de-
cide what they are. and to find th»m. Th»
prizes aggregate Five Hundred tiollara. TWO
, Ht'NDREIJ rotXAns will be raid for the
1 correct solution; ONE lll'M'TlTO IKIM.ARrf
for the nearest enrrevt; FIFTY IH)t.KAIW for
the second nrar-»t correct. an«l TWKNTT-
FIVK I'« •I.I.AKS each for the nett »l» nearest
correct. '.< the prise In any gtten kM •". ri
be wen by more than one. the prize will hn
• equally dlvHed .imur.K the winner*
All results should t*» address.-d to Brain Con-
test Kdltor. Th- Penny Magazine. 4» Fifth
I avenue. New York «*tty. The eontes* will clos*
January 1."-. and the announcement of the re-
sult will b<? made In the February nun.' of
rHE PENNY MAGAZINE, the winners receiv-
ing their prizes before February 1.
As most people know. THE PENNY UA'IA-
ZIN'K I- me of the greatest succetwes t>t recent
tlni»« In the publishing world. Its editor or. I
I manager Is Thomas f*. Qulnn. formerly of th»
| e.Jlt..rlal staff of The ! • •. cjlotie and Th»
| New York Tress. He Is the man who first s-ig-
I Kestrd and popularize^, while managing editor
, of The Press. In IS.'?, the now national Ide-j
| of having the American flag displayed on all
public school* nnd public buildings every day.
THE PENNY MAGAZINE I* an able, bril-
! liant and ratriotlc macaxlne. whose aim Is to
give to all the people a publication of the blith-
est quality a: the lowest fosslMe price. Its
. flubatTlitlon price Is only twenty ceits a ynr.
| frr whlrh <un It Is edited. Illustrated, printed,
bound and delivered anytvhrre In tfe I'nlted
Pta:es. without extra charge, every month for
une full year. TM» present contest Is Inaugu-
rated to Introduce THF. PENNY MAGAZINE
Into new homes. Earh person entering thli*
| contest In order to be eligible to r»cel»e a
! prize. MfST BENT> WITH HIM OH HER
I ANSWER TWKNTY CENTS, for one year's
subscription to the magazine. All competitor*
In this content n.ny be assured of absolutely
Ju«t treatment. In rending answer* to thl»
I contest, the writers should name the four
i words, should tvrlte out In full the line In
which each word arpear* and should Ir.clnm*
twenty cents with the an«wer to pay for th>»
subscription to THE PENNY MAOAZINE.
necessary to enter the contest. They should
also give the name nn.J uddrpss of the r»r»on
! for whom the sulwrli.tlon (■ intended. Wi'h
these condition!* fulfilled, there Is nothing to
prevent the winning of the prlxes and the re-
cel\lnr of the prize money.
Now, who can win one of the prizes? What
are the I .ur words? Address
Brain Contest Editor,
THE PENNY MAGAZINE.
489 Fifth Avo.. New York City.
THE PENNY MAGAZINE wants agents In
every city and town. It pnys Its agents big
cormnlsslons and gtves them EX'"I.I\"IVE
. TERRITORY", for It la after ONE MILLION
CIRCULATION. It already circulate* upward
of 200.M0 copies every month.
\ <;,-TtiTiir THE PENNY MAGAZINE for I
I 20 cents a year Is a better bargain than (
! swapping it straw hat for a sealskin coat
'i . on Christmas eve. After January 1".
I 1I 1 lJoft. the subscription price of THE
PENNY MAGAZINE will be a." CENT 3
II a year.
A Suitable
Holiday Pres nt
won man.
WOMAN Oft CHILD.
Largest assortment of Gents' Silk
Dr:ss, Derbies .nJ Soft Hits In all
shaJes and very latest blocks.
Ladies' Walking and Outing Hats.
ChllJrm's Hats mi Caps of every
description.
LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICES.
<Xa/r rtottudeef
. Cm*
Furniture Buyers
Call and examine ray price* on fumitory
rarpets. itove* etc.. before purchadne »!»♦-
where. Tou ran lave fully V per rent by bay-
Irs here. Liberal credit extend- I to all; M
worth of furniture for 11 pet week.
Estimates given en rmnplete nout« furoa*-
ing !rni cellar to garret.
T. BRILLIANT.
338-340 POST ST.,
Bet. Stockton and TowtlL
Op p. Union Squirt
Free d'ltrery Oakland. AUffltdt and Berke-
ley. Open evening*.
Eye-Glasses
Stay On
When they pinch a sore place on th«
nose, but oar clip mays without a pinch,
slip or tilt.
Oculists' prescrlptionj filled. Quick re-
pairing. Factory on premises. I'hon*
Main 10.
642 Market St. i*3t*um£nt3
■RSI* ( -jn, • •
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT Kt^iTOKATIVg. . ,ijlu.
■tcr an>l Nervire.
The moat «on* rfu; epnrodUlae and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Omni of both kin.
The Mexican nunedy fcr Disease* of the tCI4-
nejr* aod Bladder. Bella on Ita own menu.
NAIIKR ALK-i * HKL'NE. Agents.
ta Market street. S. T (Sen 1 tor Circular.!
PDTTCUI7C ron harbers. BAK-
timj*«s. btlllsrd tables.
brewers, bookbinder*, candy-makers, cannera.
dyera, flour tnllla. foundries. Unndrlts. i»«Der-
hangers, printer*, painter*. *ho<» factortaa.
• tablemen, tar-roofer*, tanners, tailors, eta
BUCUANVM BROS..
Brush Manufacturers, <>O9 Sacramento St
COKE! COKE!
p. a. McDonald.
Wholesale Dealer and Hhlpper of iZotmf
1 Off ICE tv folsom st.
1718
S U X D A V. DECEMBER 24, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Commurvc^iions to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
I'I'IIMCATION OKKICK. . .Market nnd Third. S. F.
Telephone Mii'.h INGS.
EDITORIAL DOOMS 217 to 221 Steven non St.
Telephone Main 1874.
I>ellvered hi 1 nrrl<T«. I." Cent* Per Week.
■• 111 11 1; I » «i|itt«. I» <>n»».
Terra* lir Mall. 1 nclmll di; I'natnct
DAILY CALL (inrlmllnc: MIIIIIIII. onr ymr. .JRrt.OO
II 4 1 LI CAI.I. Hi.rludtTi^ MimlnM, C monlli*. . «»<•
II ill. V «"A\l. (ln.iii.liriu >nnd«i I. A inoulli*. . I."
lIVII.Y 1A..1, — Hi SiDßlf Month •»•"■•••
J.I Mi*V CALL iin.. Vrnr MM
Wl.l .KM CALL One Vrnr 1 "<•
All pONtuiß»f <*rx nri' .tnllmrliril to receive
■ ii 1.«.rl pi lima.
>nni|ilr riipic« »illl tie fnrwnrdrd nhfD reqnented
o IKI.AM) OffKl OOS II run dit nr
C. GBORGB KBOCTfKSS,
Miiinitrr Foreign Ad i rrlialnir, Alnrqnrltc Ilulld-
Inic, * blinco.
nra roBK connuspoxnEvri
C C. i \i:i I >■ % Ilernld Sqnnre
M \\ YORK HEI'KKSKVTATITBi
ri:UHY IIKI>o .lit 2.» Tribune ilntldins
Chicago m:\vs -.i wits,
"■lirrnmn Hon.. I*. O. .\rnii to.: i.rral Vortli
• m Hotelt Preiuunt !Iou«e; Anditurtuui Hotel.
M \\ YORK NEWS BTASfDSi
Wnlilori- \»mri«« Hoi. I: A. llrentnno, .'ll I'nlon
••ciDiirri Mnrrn) 1 Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON <IJ. r.» OFFICE. .Wellington Hotel
J. 1". I XCI ISH. « orrr«|iiiurl<iil.
IIRAMU OFFI€"ES— 627 M..nl ..m«-r> street, cor
ner riny. open mull :::::<• o'clock. MM lin>«--«
«treet. open him ii :•;■.<> o'clock. <;.::» H«Alltater
otreet. open until :>-.:u< o'clock. ill,' i.nrkln
OLrect. <>r.. i. until :«:.'!<i o'clock. 1!• 1 1 >lix-lon
''rrri, opra until in o'clock. •_'_••! 1 Mnrl.rl
•><'' • corner Mztecnth, open until 1) o'clock.
1 ""•«• \ ill. In Kln.l. op. until It o'clock.
km; Eleventh direct, open until U o'clock.
AW. comer linit f > -•«-.•. tn.l iiii.l KentucL>
► t-«-. op. ii until it o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
OrsflMQia— -Vaudeville.
Ci -lumtiSa— "l '!••• Uoo'i Mouth."
«"al!:crr.ta— "»'ar.!» riand "Cl."
CaJlfornia— Iff ]'.ichniu:;n, Tur?dajr aTternoon. December Zi.
TlvoU— "little D©-IVep. M
Alharnbra — "l^iu k )':ittl Trouhadnurm."
Ornnd Oj^ra-hn-js*— "V.c KleiJerniaua."
AU-acar— "l*r. itlU."
«T.-.:*.or, Zoo HtiJ Tk'-ater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
cvrnlr.fi.
«'l>n:rta. rr»rnor Mason and Hllln J=tr*f.i^-Fpecla:tle«.
Crr.tml J'irk-St'-t-; !«-chaM» aiul Coney Island.
I'nnarania iiattle cf Manill Hay. Market :eet. near
i::chth.
Rccrtatloa Park— Baaeball to-day.
I'nlon CouminE I'ark — Courslr.ff to-day.
1 i- •• ' Harotrark — Uhc« n tf>-morriiw.
friE. BEGINNING Of THE CENTURY.
F~) ETWEEX the authorities who calculate that the
\ twentieth century will begin with the first day
i ~~'^ of January, iyoo, and tho>e who assert it will
rot begin until New Year's day ot* iooi the con
troversy has row reached the point where each side
tlcctarcs the other to be little better than a set 01
The sudden outburst of fury on the subject has been
due to the recently reported determination of the Em
peror of Germany to recognize 1900 as the first year
of the new century and to a decree of the Pope which
according to some authorities confirms the decision of
the Kair-cr, but according to others is capable of a
different construction.
In the decree occurs the passage: "Therefore, in
order that the year 1900, which is about to begin, and
which it is to be devoutly hoped will usher in a far
more happy century, may, by the aid of God and of
His only begotten Son, our Savior, have an aus
picious opening and may close after a prosperous
course, his Holiness, Pope Leo XIII, graciously
grants, etc."
the phrase
One of
■ • I Martin* .
• * ; ■ Pope n pikes that the
January i, iooo.
• • n Car linal Gibbons
was . the point he replied: "To
ytobe a part of. The mid
night i ' ushering in the
• century, which, .is all
th 1900."
A ted the question to the
::es of th<
I v.nrm replies were
as the beginning of
r jyoo. It happens that
men,
Tim< c accuracy of the reply made
■1 evidence, if any were
■
■Ms of the
lege.
From that remark it will be readily inferred that th-
Times of New York stands firmly for 1901. On the
other side stands the Times-Herald of Chicago. In
the speedy city by the lakes they cannot wait a whole
year to begin a new century. They wish to whoop
it up at once, and accordingly the Chicago paper says:
"Some theorists say January I, 1001, while all prac
tir.il people and bicyclists know that it begins at
midnight December 31. iSrjo, where January 1. 1000,
begins. As soon as we cease writing 18 in our date
lines we will be through with the nineteenth century."
The cause of the dispute lies of course in the differ
ence of the point from which the parties begin to
count. In measuring distance we place the first milc
!>'<M a mile away from the point of departure, conse
quently the second mile begins with the first mile
post. A century run is made by a bicyclist the mo
ment he gets to the hundredth milepost, and the sec
ond century begins there, so when he gets to his
nineteenth hundred milcpost his twentieth century be
gins. It is claimed by the other fide, however, that
we measure time differently, and that the year "one"
of our era *.vas dated not from the end of the year,
as a milestone at the end of the mile, but at the be
ginning of the year, consequently the century is not
completed until the end of ! 000.
than of mathi.*
'. at which the
rung
■ . has the weight of
the
and the bacy
• and
to celebrate the in
:ieth cer- ,l IVi
Bnd that a mistake
by aaotb
E, however, it be not celebrated BOW
; •.: : ; •■ .' to be correct if
the occasion. It is ahraj
bratsons than none, and this looks
ca £' . ttnnitj for having two.
WAR AND COMMERCE.
THE Seattle Post-Intelligencer criticizes Andrew
cgie because he opposes the war upon the
Lfrican republics. That is all right. If
\:nerican : r choose to support the fa-i
claims of (ireat Britain it has that privilege.
But I <r sets up a new apology for war
in the abstract, which has. perhaps, the merit of
Mr. Carnegie having ascribed the posi
• eland tv a lust for dollars, his critic
• red by lust 1 ITS, and it h:;s
• wrought more misery and cost
lives in peace than all the wars."
Upon this statement we call for^a bill of particulars.
While it i* true that in the pursuit of all vocations
• 1 health and therefore to life, it i>
true that life maj be abbreviated by doing nothing at
all. Indeed, it is quite probable that the average
• of liV would be shorter if the race were en
: never felt the wholesome impulse
• crtion for the betterment of its economic
■
Tv us the impeachment of commerce reads like a
solemn warning against going to bed. because more
human <• in bed than out.
Those who ]<>«c their lives in commerce voluntarily
accept its risks and hazards for their own benefit, and
I be hard to prove that the fatalities anywhere
near approach in number the victims of war.
At a t:me when the world's commerce was carried
by peaceful caravans and rude 5] -his Khan
■ war. and. in a not tnraander,
thirteen n 1 iple. We doubt whether
the accident ■ es resulting from com
':.ds until now .
equal thai r of <>:n.- lifetime.
It • 1 c admitted that commerce is a mere
rigin in the physical neces
- ..11 value has r. origin in human de
the natural state of man. In no
■ rfai It not imply
r the ' • ■r. In its
I labor, in
■ • hange make equal pain-;.
aving of time, which is
mo!"
In no moral ' . written in any of the world re
■
Ethics doe? • level,
ly when I r into partner*
it a people
mmerce i
• such are cases in which
• • • . -eeks
It is th(
ttchkey to gain unlawful entrance
■ ■ key is not thei ■
• to which it is put
-••. luiMy called the calm health of
ise when peace preva the 1
<■: prosperity t«>r the benefit of all. W.ir stimu
fitfully, but by destruction, in >t by normaitcon-
We think it i< not successfully demon
1 is doing better for herself and
g them and being killed by them
tl'i.n she would by enjoying with them a peaceful and
mmerce.
The Westminster Gazette, describing an c
whose f<'s-il retnaii t the Natural
ry Museum at London, says the head is I
than I • and that when alive it could have
killed and torn to pieces creatures larger than a lion.
■ a description of our national e.ii;le,
of our bird will never be seen
WORLD CONGRESSES AT PARIS.
DURING the Dreyfus trial an enterprising news
. r in Pan* made an eiTort to change the
. c the tension of publi
. "ting up a symposium of opinions from
eminent Frenchmen concerning the best means of
making an ex* • ■ brilliant success of the com
ing exposition. Of the many men who responded
M. Jo ving: "Insult one
: Georges i >hnet: "Don't continue
callii . who may differ from you a bandit
■.." M. Antoinc: '■Rehabilitate I
M. Benjamin Constant: "On the opening day
don't shout in the faces of foreigners, "France for the
French!'" M. Hepp: "Find a means of reconciling
Frenchmen with one another." M. Jules Lemaitrc:
'Sincerely, I rlon't know."
h and all of those answers were good, but they
were unofficial The men who have charge of the
jjreat exposition have decided to give eclat to the
a by making it the most comprehensive
gathering of 1 ' The
I discussions that went at the Columbian Exposition
when Chicago invited talkers from everywhere were
•ul infrequent to the many conferences that are
to make 1 .1 with eloquent debate. So many
controversial questions -ire to be discussed that if the
ling all of differing opinions "bandits
and . should prevail there would i )C a time
in Paris that would make Hades stem like a quiet
suburb of Chicago.
the uses of these congresses there has been
erected a special auditorium 150 feet wide and 300
feet long, with accommodations for 100 assemblies.
The list of the proposed congresses has been pub
lished, but it 1- tOO long to give in full. As an illus
n of the variety offered it may be said that in the
departments of science and of art there will be con
es on botany, chemistry, mathematics, geology,
mete tricity, psychology, ornithology,
■ hy. ethnography, anthropology, bibliog
raphy, library methods, philosophy and pharmacy.
! The ; ns will meet in conventions to discuss
1 dentistry, dermatology, medicine, hypnotism and
maritime law. Educational congresses will be devote 1
to the study of the method- of teaching agriculture.
languages, geography, design, and to investigations
of school systems, social science in the schools, and
;to technical, industrial and commercial education.
economist! and sociologists will have con-
I native unions, public and private
charity, the condition of the blind, cheap dwellings,
hygiene, peace, anti slavery, provident organizations,
profit sharing, popular credit, life saving, woman's
! 'ion and rights, women's institutions and work.
Sunday rest Other congresses will consider ar
chaeology, history, history of religions, colonial study,
folk lore, Basque study, American study and Alpine
There will be conferences on horticulture,
' viticulture, bee culture, cattle feeding, pomology and
:sy. and in the mechanical and constructive arts
es will discu«s architecture, naval construe
automobiles, theatrical devices and mechanics.
The business world will have an interest in the con
ferences on insurance, commerce and industry, mining
. and metallurgy, navigation, newspapers, corporations,
street railways and commercial travelers.
Finally there are to be a whole lot of congresses
of a special sort, such as gatherings of firemen, bi
j mctallists, anti-tobacconists, deaf mutes, numis
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, DECEMBER 21. 1899.
matists, pisciculturists and aeronauts. Two omis
sions in the list will be noted. There are no arrange
ments made for pugilists nor for Mr. Bryan. It will
be seen that Paris while opening the door knows
when' to shut it.
A movement lias been started in North Carolina to
induce the Nation. ' Government to establish a great
forest reserve of half a million acres in the mountains
of that State, and it is probable it will be successful.
Such a park will educate the South on the subject of
forest preservation and more than repay the cost of
its maintenance.
BY the death of Dwight L. Moody we have lost
the most noted evangelist of our time. He is
said to have been heard by more people than
any other orator -that ever lived, and it is easy to be
lieve it may be so, for he was traveling and preaching
incessantly, and for many years his audiences were
among the largest that could gather within sound of
the human voice.
r While his exceptional gifts as an orator and his
fervent zeal as a preacher were among his most con
spicuous characteristics, it was not solely to them
he owed his splendid success in the work of his life.
He possessed in a high degree the faculty of organ
izing ;ind directing men. That faculty he made DSC
of in his career as an evangelist, and the fruits of it
are to be seen in the institutions at Chicago and
Northfield, which survive him and will continue
his work and perpetuate his memory.
It wa« because of his capacity for organization that
Mr. Moody became distinct from revivalists gener
ally who content themselves with exciting religious
fervor among the masses and leave it to other men
to direct it to useful channels. His was a construc
tive nature. He delighted in building up the church
and was as earnest in the silent, hidden work required
J the foundations of some institution as he wa
in rousing tli<- minds and stirring the heart- of a
\ audience by his eloquence.
lii- work in the world has been done well and will
live after him. He Ins not founded a sect as Wesley
did, or as General Booth has done in our generation,
but none the les- In- has deeply impressed his ronvic
and his personality upqn the people, and the in
fiuence will long remain as one of tho>c which tend
c betterment of humanity.
One of the rea-uiis w hy certain European nations
do not Bide with the Hoers in the fight is that if < torn
Paul succeed in driving the British out of South
I ho might take a notion to drive the Germans
and the Portuguese out also and make a clean -
of it.
THE CONTEST IN KENTUCKY.
GOEBEL'S supporters have decided to continue
the contest in Kentucky. and to that end have
issued an address which is lurid enough to
revive all the antagonisms of the mo>t heated part of
the campaign. This document, which emanates from
the chairman and the executive officers of the Demo
cratic State Central Committee and the State cani
committee, alleges as grounds for disputing the
l of the Election Commissioners that the Repub
lican- 'ue ballots in violation of law. that the
Republican Governor called out the National Guard
n day and by military force placed unlawful
inspectors and challengers in the election booths,
that Federal and State Judges interfered with the
elections by issuing "every injunction and manda
mus asked for by the Republican party," and finally
that the railroad corporations of the State furnished
the Republican party with an immense corruption
by which thousands of votes were bought and
r the Republican cai
These arc grave charges, and since they have been
irward by. men holding responsible positions in
■ • hould be investigated. There is no rea
■■ hy the Republican candidates should fear the
me of a judicial inquiry. The election was co:i
1 under a law devised by Goebel himself. The
machinery was of his own construction and was de
signed by him to enable the Democratic party to
count their men in no matter how the people vote I.
The methods made u^e of l>y G.iebel to force his
own nomination upon the party caused the better ele
.nciu among the Democrats to revolt, and it is 'o
that fact his defeat has been attributed. If now his
supporters wish to go into the courts and have the
tactics of the campaign and reviewed the
Republicans should certainly encourage the move
ment.
The action of the Election Commissioners satisfies
the public that the Republican candidates were legally
elected. The commission is Democratic in its make
up and was popularly regarded a^ a part of the Goe
bcl machine. The fact that a majority of a board >o
composed was forced by the evidence submitted at
the hearing to grant certificates of diction to Repub
lican candidates' is proof of the ju-tice of the Repub
lican claim.
An appeal to the Legislature may have the result
' taining from that body a reversal of the action
of the board, and Goebel by that means may succeed
in getting possession of the governorship. It will re
quire, however, a good deal of partisan assurance 'o
induce the Legislature to overrule the action of the
Election Board, and it is for that reason the support
ers of Goebel have set forth such extravagant reasons
for the proposed contest. Nothing less than a charge
which combines allegations of ballot-box stuffing,
government by injunction and military dictation at
the polls will even in the minds of Kentuckians
Hushed with Bourbon justify the unseating of Gov
ernor Taylor for the purpose of putting Goebel in the
c fllce.
The public meetings in favor of park extension are
over, but between now and election day there will still
be a good deal of time for progressive citizens to
talk to their friends on the subject and get them in
terested on the side of prut^n
We are now promised that McKinley will come to
California next summer, but when next summer
comes the campaign will be raging and the trip will
probably go over as it did last summer.
Buller will not Ret his Christmas dinner in Pre
toria, and therefore he will not be likely to enjoy it.
Ho matter how much podding goes with it, the kind
he expected won't be there.
If you have not yet made your contribution toward
providing a merry Christmas for the poor it will be
well for you to remember it is not yet too late if you
set about it at once.
About all the British have to say to the Dutch in
Cape Colony is: "It you won't help us, don't help
Kruger, and you will see the best lion and boar fight
on record." •
San Jose had such a great festival by .vay of intro
ducing the holidays that probably Christmas will be
used as a time of rest instead of a frolic.
DWiGMT L. MOODY.
The Christmas Chimes of 1999
Rev. Richard Hrbor Newton, D. D., is the famous rector of All Souls' fihvxth, on Madison avfnu
___ VER eighteen hundred times the
I°. A/V-Vj^V^^wl Christmas bells have rung out their
\l .'. jfr'l&Fk' *• message of "Peace on earth, good will
Lvis& aX among men." If the angels ever grow
■^/jS) lA weary they may well have tired of
yiJr^b \f these repetitions of their ancient mes
\\L^ M' sage and wondered at the slowness
■^^g^r with which men received those glad
tidings and have entered into them. Let us hope that the
heavenly beings, who "look with larger eyes than our see
through all pur slowness of heart, our lagging hope and
faith, and have patience with us as we ring and sing once
more the old Christmas message — while we hunt the Boers
in South Africa and chase the Tagalogs in Luzon.
For with all the ground for discouragement there is no
need for despair. Mr. Alfred Russell Wallace, in his "Won
derful Century," sums the discoveries of our nineteenth
century in a manner which ought to elate every thoughtful
mind. He shows that we have achieved, in the way of mas
tery over nature, not only more than any other century, but
more than all previous centuries put together. The triumphs
of physical science in our century are but the precursors of
the triumphs of science in the twentieth century. No visions
of the dreamers can equal the sober expectation of those
who forecast the developments of science in another hun
dred years. The powers of nature are trooping to the feet
of man. Man is the modern Aladdin, holding in his hand
the lamp of knowledge, in rubbing which the Genii of
earth and air and sky come forth to do his bidding. He is
going to have power to do almost anything he wishes with
the world before another century rolls round and the
Christmas bells ring out in 1090. There will be power to
make a new world out of the old world if man really wants
to do it.
It does not look altogether on the surface of things as
though man wanted very heartily to do this. Selfishness
seems rampant. Greed appears triumphant. The brute f'.rc
of money claims to rule everywhere. Below the surface,
forces are making for something better.
The dying year sees the awakening of a new social en
thusiasm, a now and deep passion for that true republic
which Plato long aRO, in his sketch of the ideal city, said was
synonymous with Justice. Ru'-kin in art. William Morris
••ry. Wagner in music. Mazzini in public affairs — the-e
arc but the prophets of the movement which through all
realms of life is *e»ting toward a better social order.
Christian socialism is in the air. Churches are !
leavened with ft. Think of the sale of that simple little
bunk. "In Hi-, Steps!" — a sale running up into the hun
dreds of thousands— and ponder the significance of it. Xo
more striking sign could be given of the reawakening of
the social conscience. At last, after ages of thcologicil
FIRST AUTHENTIC RECORD OF XMASTIDE.
FROM INSCRIPTIONS RECENTLY POUND <>N THE WALL OF A RI'INED
EGYPTIAN TEMPLE.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
W. A. Gett, thfl Pacramento attorney,
is a Kticst at the Lick.
J. W. B. Montgomery, the Chico capi
talist, is at the Grand.
l)r. H. S. Mill Of Seattifl is among the re
ctnt arrivals at the Grand.
J. A. Bittel. a leading manufacturer of
Chicago, is registered at the Pi
1!. Llndsey, one of the leading attorneys
of Fresno, U at the Lick with
1 >r. W. C. Wllcox, a well known mnii
eal man of Stockton, is a guest at the
Lick.
j. Jerome Smith, a well-known insur
ance man of Stockton, is a gttest at the
Lick.
Dr. .T. D. Davidson, a prominent physl
dan of li laying for a few days
at the Palace,
\V. A. With arid A. C. BISCS. two
wealthy fruit nun of Fresno, are reKis
tered at the Grand.
Frank Uuek. the millionaire fruit man,
of Vacaville, was among the arrlvaJs yes
terday at the Palace.
Mrs. S. M. Bradbury is at the Palace
with her daughters. They arrived yester
day from Los Angeles.
Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Meyerstein have
left for a trip to N<-w York. They will
! ;ie about a month.
Dr. and Mrs. \V. K. Grave have come
down from th«-ir home in Modesto and are
registered at the Occidental.
Dr. \V. EL G. Dawson has come down
on a flying visit from his home In St.
Helena and is staying at the Grand.
Dr. and Mrs. Moore Graham have come
i;i> fn.iu Ban Ifateo and are at Urn
dental, accompanied by their daughters.
Mr. and Mrs. Mason W. Mather are at
the Occidental. Mr. Mather Is a wealthy
mining man who Is heavily interested in
the plumbago properties.
A. M. Dewey, a relative of the famous
admiral and special agent of the I'nited
Si.it' ■ L)i-purlm»-nt of Labor, will deliver
a free Ucture at Dnton-SQUare Hall this
evening, his pubject being •The Eleventh
Commandment."
Hon. .1. Lynch. ex-State Senator of Cal
ifornia. k^ v «2 a •Upper in honor of Mrs.
McDonald at the Cafe Koyal last week.
Which Ml one of if not th»- c!.
dinners of th» kind yet known in Dawsotl
history. The menu waa a most «
work of art. A number of leading citi
zens participated in the plea-sing event.—
Yukon Sun.
CftXIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Dec. 23.— H. H. Scott of
San Francisco and Francis E. Sam; of
Sun Francisco are at the Holland; the
Misses Dean of San Francisco are at the
Netherland; Miss S. G. Pierce and Wal
lace Bradford of San Francisco are at
the Manhattan. '.'■':.-.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. Dec. 23— J. C Board
man and wife of San Francisco are at tne
Cochran. W 1,. Saunders and wife of
Oakland aro at the St. James. Represent
ative Loud left to-night for New York to
speculation and ecclesiastical organization. ChrUtim* are
really beginning to find their religion in the <•••
low in the "blessed steps of Hh mod holy life,
their several .vocations just as He would have done n
At last the churches are coming to bcIiCTC that I
to celebrate Christmas is to breathe th.
the world of busmesi nn<l poltticj
after all. when she timidly answered thr Mr
of the school examiner: "What is the chid prindi
political economy?" "To do unto others tl we would
others do unto us." <i>!dcn-Ru!e Jones is an . : .
sign of the times, with hisenthiisiastkfouVminfrelectinchim
Mayor of Toledo and re-electing him, and then polling
100,000 votes, without any party organi/at .t him
into the gubernatorial chair. Soon there may not v
Golden-Rule Jones alone, standing out as a shining mark,
but a Golden-Rule Smith and Bi ! Robim
hosts of factories and multitude* of city !
If we will but blieve it. the good time coming rtny
come far more speedily than we think. It has taken Chris
tianity 1800 years to grow the conscience which is now
turning in ial problem. It has long been fore
seen that if once the ethical forces of Chri>tian #
grappled with this problem there would be a social 1
tion. That is the prospect which we face t.
of the century 1 , full of hope and cheer. The pos
ture, for the first time in human history coming
hand of man to do as he chooses with them, w " ■ ,
production of wealth sutneient to end the
And now. as science gives him this m.i
conscience calling him to use his new dominion .
of God. All nature's movements ihow long
times of preparation for the creative .
comes abruptly and as if by miracle. So tl
in— the weary days of March and the tan:
April making ready for tne warm week in • ,
bushes leap into leafage and blossoming. S
cial movements. These eighteen cent ;
have not been lost. They have been making rr
springtime, which may be nearer now than we •
Henry (leorge and Edward Bellamy and Lawrence I
lund de-ircd to see the day, but died without th
their children may sec the dawning of it.
"Reform ye." I i sound, the voice of the Eternal
Spirit, the I k oi evolution— "Reform vr! for , the
Kinßdon of Heaven t% ;it band" may Bird our
'" f ' vcr% with new hope and fr<
m. and rinp: our Christmai bells again, sure
sooner or later— sooner than later, perhaps— we shall "rinK
out the old and ring in the new."'
•-i r a time on th- face of the earth
When 1"'. ■ ••■ :t8 own."
— HrUtimnro Amrrican.
attend the fissions of the Postal Comm's
sion. Ooorge A. Knight of Ban Francisco
Is at vVHlard'S. Mrs. Allen Kelly of Loa
Angeles Is visiting fiitads In Washington.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
LIST OF NUMBERS K. K. R. rity.
Thr list of nnmbera ask..] for wu pub
li.-!i<-<] in The «"a!I .
CANADA AND MONTRBALr-F.* J. S..
City. The population of tho Dominion >.t
Canada Is 5.2 M.OOO, and that of :
treal is HI •
WATCHES— B city. This de
partrmiit. not publishing fr«-.- adv<
of people encased in business
not inform yon %- " a
ni.-.- i.i.i\'s sold iratcb .>n payment of
13 to 8 weekly."
CAPE T<>\VN a. 8 . City. The popula
tion rf Cape Town. S..uth Africa, i-
Tho mean tfinp»-rnttirr> la .'. : ?. Fahrenheit
for Wtoti for sutnm.-r and S7J for
thf v.-ir. Pot answers to the other
questions asked atx.ut the place a<
a communication to James <i. B
I'nitM States Consul General v
there.
"YOU" AND "I"— Subscriber. City.
"You and me" and "You and I" are
both correct under certain conditions. It
depends altogether In the sense in which
used, it would be proper r> say "Lei
yon and m»." not "Lei you and I." and
it would be proper to t.iy "\\v w:in'!*>re<l
by the river, yon and I•• and not ;
to pay •'We wandered by the river, you
and me."
THK STRAWRERRY-A correspond
ent. J. H. P., commentinp upon the as
t«rti«jn in an answer recently Riven that
how and where the strawberry derived
Its name In not known, and that it is
generally believed that the plant derives
its name from Its wandering habit, ami
thai strawberry was originally
berry, writes: M Toti ar. very mu.'h
astray. Buch an explanation ll
absurd, as numbers of oth»»r plants have
irn- !»•-« uiiarities. The strawberry
STe«ri.fNcs c- oe ~~~ "~~1 Kris Krincl' never had a happier Idea
Ma he * ;.» «*-»-» vvitl, than the one which prompted htm to act as
™ ni! A VALUABLE PflF^fNT I distributor of stock for the Sterling Oil and
ANn • . — — ****'^ * I Development Company, for he will txntow
*~***V ILI OISTRjQ ljyt i— --». J a rift that not only haa a PRESENT
\_ " U| c '*«fiS?tv VALUE, but one which has the p<mitbllltle«
Cp?^ — /~ri?Htt for a FL " rL ' RE VALUE many dan ir»^ter
,^£-"^^<± ~~\\ /t*^ili\\ There Is a ruarantee of honest manair#-
C =;;^^ # .fc'*" VN^l "L^'sX rnfnt b^hln^ every char* of stock Issued by
VA 9*>* r -«*** o^^ I^TC*^^ thlll com »' an y- W» «re operatlnr en PAT-
\\ » f % \Ywsc4(\\ ENTED LAND with OIL WELta ADJOIN.
\\ <**%¥** «^sU*N IN ' NOT MILES AWAY. Subscribed
WiD' p-** 0 nirv^"^' — •toe* held In escrow; only treasury stock for
\\%^«V_ _I«£N*\\ ( / *' H ''k °' wf '» c h a limited amount Is oflcrrd
CIOV* >V \\Y^- m . ,rJ [or 10 CENTS per share. Derrick No. 1 now
. V °°> •• \Uyj-nn »"iV KoiiMA on. s <;y. l*ro«i>«ctu«
Vi a h« t»olV^2i tS BnJ map for th * Mkln »-
.•HB^gSTEBLIIIIOILiiID
4si W^^H| DEVELOPMENT CO,,
FfWT 35-36 Crocker Building, Third
F oor
DIRECTORS: W. S. GAGE. President- J a niTVTTVr: vie« p rM Pl . » #»
HAMPTON. N. K. MASTEN. H. H. BLOOD HUNTING. * » c « Pr*.ld«nt. J. C.
G. H. BAIRD. Resident Agent. Box 2*o. Maryrrtlle. Cal
plant or fruit is "° railed from the fart
that in all well cared or nurseries straw
la placed around the plant, so that ihZ
the fruit appears It Is protected from th*
?2! l .\ a " i unlike most fruit* - •« has no pro-
' p , c n l » n from th ". soil on whlch 't would
generally Other* rest. This neglect on
the part of the California srowers jud£
lnjr from the state I have *een the fruit
sent to market, compels th«* consumer to
wash the fruit before, placing It on th*
i? • **• AS a cons equence. the full and <Je
astiss:* iost and the b " r >- *
«r, S^ m< *.», of k tho best writers, who hav-i
spent the better portion of their lives In
tracing the on. of almost everythlni
and upon whose Judßments the answ.-r
was based, will no doubt, as some of them
are still alive, bo pleased to ascertain th it
a correspondent of The Call knows what
they In many years of research have be t > n
unable to discover. His communication la
given for what It Is worth.
Candy apples at Townsend>. •
Small candy canes 15c doz. ' '>wnaen<S. •
Fine plum pudding at Townscnd'*. •
■♦ » 1
Gulllet'a Ici Cream an.l Cake«. 306 Larkm
■t. ; tel. East m •
Townsend's famous broken and mixed
candles— 2 lbs. Sc. (,Z7 Palace Hotel. •
Candy canes and baskets. In boxes, <■<•»
they will not break, at Towr.send'a. CI
lace. •
Time to send your Eastern friends
Townsend's California Olace Fruits: Me 1b
In tire-etched boxes. 627 Market; Palace.*
No waiting at Townsend's; plenty of
help. Thousands of packages of California
Glace Fruits and Candles packed ail ready
to hand out. 627 Market street. • '
m ♦ . .
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 610 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Ordered to Vacate.
Will remove In January to 735 Market
street. Olsen grocery, and move back to
633 Market street. Palace Hotel bulldlnjr.
In February. Townsend Glace Fruit and
Candy Factory, 627 Palace Hotel bldg-. •
Slashed With a Knife.
E. P. Buckley ~r»art
cnurt yesterday am' w.is v
• d on a charge of assault
■nmlt murder. Th.- ease ».-i
tlnued till 1 • | wurtHm
rt »tr.-*>t. with a knlf^
on hriday niKht and was ai
I'oll' emu Mull.
Personally Conducted Excursions
In Improved wtde-vestibuled l"u!lr..»n tourist
sleeping cars via Santa Fe Rout*. Experienced
excursion conductors accompany thest excur
■lona to look after th» welfare of passenrers.
To Cbtrazo and Kansas City every Sunday.
Wednesday and Friday To Boston. Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. To St. Louis
every Sunday. To St. Paul every Sunday and,
Friday. Ticket "ff)< €38 Market street.
»♦ ■ i
The Fastest Train Across the Conti
nent.
The California Limited. Santa *"• Ront*.
Connecting train leave* 5 p. m.. Monday.
Wednesday, Friday an.l Saturday. Finest
equipped train and best track of any line to th*
Kail. Ticket office. t:< Market st.
■ ♦ ■
Crazy Man Cuts His Throat.
Daniel Black, a laborer living at 923
Illinois street, while temporarily Insane,
yesterday morning drew a jackknife
across his throat. He was taken to the
Receiving Hospital, where the wound,
which was not dangerous, was stitched
and dressed. He was then locked up in
a padded cell In the Insane ward. He hoa
a wife and family In Ireland.RAClNG— World's Record Time at Oakland.
BOXlNG— Corbett in Training for Jeffries.
SACRAMENTO
TAKES THE
FIRST GAME
All Stars With a Local
Pitcher Arc Easily Wal
loped.
Sacrnjnentos 13, All-Calif omias 3.
A corporal's guard saw the first ol a
Mx-gamo nrlcs between Sacramento and
the All-Califomias yesterday afternoon
at Recreation lMrk and when it was all
over the tplrlt of Christianity in the few
fans presrnt said it "served them right."
Seventeen oiptlr.rt and Marry hits was
tho work of the Senatorial champions
ajid thirteen runs resulted therefrom.
The All-Siars, wonderful in their non
scintillating Qualities, say it was due to
the pitcher. Hcffcrnan, a Santa Clnra
College !>rMiant, was put in the box for
the Eastern marvels and the stlck-swing
crs of the capital city formed a regular
anvil chorus in a minute's notice, tear
ing off chunks of leather and streaking
tho Held with all manner of baso hits.
The ctars old nothing with Doylo'scurves.
only two hits decorating the column.
which shows tho batting abilities of the
foreign league men.
At the outset the game looked a* if
the AU-Cals would win. In tho first ln
r'.ng three men crossed the plate. Van
Haltern went to first on an error and
tecond on a bunt of Mertes". A series of
bad throws sent Van over the rubber and
Mertes to third. Then Chance hit to
I-a^an. *ho fumbled, and -te« scored.
Chance taking eecoad on tho play urid
•coring on Lockhcad's hit.
The sixth ar.d seventh brought fruitful
results for Sacramento. Eagan went to
base on balls, second on Stanley's out
ft.nd third on Doyle's hit. both men scor
ing on a double by Shechon. The next
Inning raw McLaughlln take his first on
a hit. Harvey a base on balls and both
men advance on Mcllale's Facrlflce. Thtn
Kagan hit toward tho shortstop's turl
tory, but the ball mixed up with Harvfy.
who was running from second to third.
McLaughlln and Harvey scoring. Tr.ero
was & row with the umpire, but the runs
counted. In th© eighth Inning Doylo.
Fhar.ahan. McLauphlln and Harvey
f-corcd; In the ninth Stanley, Doyle, Shan
e.non, Sheehan and Etultz.
The scor* Is:
BAOIAMEVTO.
AJJ. R. BH. SB. i-« a E.
rtrtauirfcHa, 1. (.. i t « 1 p 0 C
Harvey, r.t < 18 0 8 10
Mrllala. c. f S • 11X01
V.acan. * s ■ 3 l 1 0 i 1 :
Stanley, c I I i } « t 0
i^yi*. r I | I 0 f 4 0
;•..':.:.. ;t 4 1(6601
R:eehan. tb R 1 } 6 0 i 1
t-tu'.tt. Sb ... i I I 1 I I i
Total » IS 17 6 17 11 «
ALL CALIFORNIA^.
AB. R. BH SB PO. A D.
Van naltem, 0.f...« 1 1 C t 9 0
Merten. c (I*o4ll
<I:anc#, lb I 1 • ff 11 S I
I>ulcn. Cb 4061610
Lorkhead. i»........ I 0 i C i i 0
l:-i'.!y. :b 4 0 0 • i I t
McCarthy. 1. t ... t 0 0 i 1 1 C
Knoll, r. t .... I 0 0 « I 1 i
!:•::• r* -I-., p s • • « 0 « i
Total £1 i a i 17 ii i
RUNS AND IUI HITS BT INNINGS.
Sacramento . 0 0 0 C C I I 4 B—ll
Baso hits 01211234 ♦—
All California I 0000000O— 8
Base tits 1000lOO«0-2
BUMMART.
Rur.» r**r~T!iiMe fnr— HeJTernaa. T. Two-ba»«
hits— Pheehan (Ti. Harvey, Lockhead. Sacrifice
hits— McHale. Bases on errors— Sacramento, T;
All California*. «. Bases on bal!s—Facramen
to. t: All California*. Z. Left on bases—Sac
rameato. 8; All Califcrnlas. 2. DouM<j r'ay»—
Kl!ey to Chance. HefTernan to Merte* to
Chane*. Chanc« to Lockhead. Rlley to Lock
heaij to Chance. Struck out— By HeSerr.an, 2;
I>oyle. z. Time of came—S hours. Umpire — J.
£herl£an. Scorer— J. W. £tap'.eu.a.
Baseball for the Ebell
Children's Room.
OAKLAND. Per. 23.— The county offi
cials have had revrr.pe upon the city of
ficials, for to-day thf-y defeated them In
the charity baseball game at Golden Gate
by a pcore of 21 to 11
There was a big crowd present that at
tended out of compliment to the Ebcll
Foclcty, to which society the proceeds of
the game will po. A cood sized sum was
realized.
The score of • he game was:
COUNTY TEAM.
A.B. B_ 1111. SB TO A. E.
Cash. »■ 7 8 2: 3 2 0
Summers, R 7 2 3 2 i l 0
Cock, p T 3 0 I I 3 I
Twir.g, Tb .... I I 0 1 3 2 2
WKittco. O .... I 8 4 2 11 2 1
1-URh. 1. f ... • 2 I 2 0 0 0
Jordan, :: ... « 11110 4
Church, lh ... € 1 : 0 7 C 2
Mitchell, rf 6 3 110 ft 0
Total* •• n IS 13 27 11 10
CITT TEAM.
Aa It. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Avers. If .... < 3 3 3 10 I
:-:H(!.;:*r. ■■ ...I 12 2 0 10
O -ii .:...:. It .... 6 2 0 2 ] 0 8
Amew. lb . i 2 4 0 7 0 2
CalU!-.»n. •. s ! 1 3 1 4 2 C
IMckernoa. Cb ... (000124
';••.:.::. C 4 10 2(43
Tavlor. cf ..1000101
Euhr. p 4 1 1 1 2 C 1
Totals ■ 11 13 12 27 II II
niTNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
County 5 2 0 7 2 1: 3 1-21
Data hits 1 116 2 0 2 2 l-}«
City 6 0 0 0 0 • ! 1 2-11
Kane hits 221*1122:
BCMMART.
Horn* run— Bush. T»i>bu» " Acnew
Flirt ba*e en error*— County 11. City •. Firet
**»<e on called balls— County L <"lty 4. Left on
bases— County 8. City 12. Hit by rltrher— Suhr.
Struck out— By Cock IS, by Huhr », by Tnlman
2. Time of eaire— 2 hours 30 minutes. Umpire—
IJtn Woolner.
Beiflfß Get Big Retainers.
WICHITA. Kw- .. Dec. 23.— Johnny and
Lr!«ter Rclff are here l'lultlac thHr bro
ther. Elmer RHfT . They are under con
tract to ride for Richard Croker next
year at »15.0W apiece. They will go
abroad In February. A Bailey, the South
African diamond Kir*. ha« second call.
The famous Icon were born and reared
In Wichita.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
~ i<mmm 9 ,
Knocks out
GRIP
A year a^o.
A year ngo the papers were so full
of scare lines and cartoons of Epidemic
Grip that the local advertisers protest-
ed that people were being frightened
away from the stores, threatening the
holiday trade. The papers took the
hint and the next day it was "Grip
under control." "Grip subsiding," etc
This year Grip Is '^uite as prevalent,
but the papers are mum.
It behooves you to carry a vial of
• 77" in your pocket; it knocks-out the
Grip and "breaks up" Colds that
"hanjy on."
Manual of all Diseases sent free
For »*)r by all druccl^<*. or *«nt on receipt
of prlc*. SSc or five for II CO.
Kumpi.rr} ■' Homeopathic Mrdlcln* Co., cor* ,
m Wlill&m and Jobo iti.. New Tork
SOME SPEEDY
SAPLINGS IN
COMPETITION
Young Greyhounds Show
High Class on Their
First Appearance.
The feature of tho coursing at Union
Park yesterday was the brilliant perform
ances of the saplings, greyhounds which
arc not yet a year old. H. F. Anderson's
Crawford Lass, by Crawford Lad; Day 1
Dillon's Challenger! by Hughie. and M.
C. Delano's three by Border Kutflan, wtro
all pronounced high-class by Judge Grace
and other coursing men present. These
J arc the f.rtt of Crawford Lad's and the
first of liughic's progeny to run here. Mr.
Delano Is new to tho local coursing Held,
but liSs debut was a successful one. Eight
of the original thirty-two youngsters re
main in and are expected to show good
e;>ort to-day.
The big stake has an open look, al
though Royal Flush Is the choice- of the
betting men for first honors. Daisy Clalr,
Theron. Cavalier, O X Capitol. Narcussus
and Crawford Braes are alt.o looked upon
as possibilities. This figuring 1* done
without a knowledge of the kind of cours
lr.g each .log will get. A tovero course j
will upset ail calculations and may let In ,
an cutfcUitfr for first honors.
The hares were unusually strong yes- j
terday and come long courses resulted. ■
McKinley beat Lowlander after running |
three minutc6 ar.d a half; Rox beat Sweet
Marie in a three-mlnuto course; Cash beat :
Matchless nnd Log Boy beat Frosty Morn
after run:ilnp the same length of time.
The usual surprise in the betting was
the defeat of Lucky Dog by Nellie Bawn. ;
They run an ••undecided," the score be
li:g 5 and 5, and Nellie Bawn won— to L
Lucky Dog had speed, but no other qual
llkuilon. Cash collided with the fence
near the escape and was thrown heavily.
She showed no signs of injury, however,
when ltd off the field.
Slipper James Grace, who was Injured
Rome weeks since, was back in his ac
customed place yesterday. He was most
successful with the saplings, all of whlen
behaved iike veterans under his handling.
The detailed results, with the otllual
scores, are a* follows:
Sapltn* Make— D. J. Heal*)-'* Marln beat I
William Dtlaney'e Oriole. 6—3; \V. Barry
Bella Mac »>eat Ernest Wickson's Gladys Ruf
fian. 10—0; \V. H. Jones' Ft. Valentine beat ]>.
Roche's Mike Kenton. 8—0; M. C. .'•lano'i
Vandal beat Buriels Brothers' Betsey Harrow,
I*— 7; J. Llnehan'a Lollta beat D J. Healey's
Mfaslo. 12— f.; 11. V. Andersons Crawford Lass
a bye. Wlcklow Witch withdrawn; M. C. De
lsn..'i< Vlxra boat W. 11. Jones' St. Ives. IS-«;
l>. Roche's liells of Shandon beat R. Prlngle's j
Bannrvkhurn. i»— 0; J. M. Carroll's Columbia i
beat Fttrl & Knowles' Blue Miet. 6— o: J. Me-
Nells »arl Mac beat J. 11. Frank's Glen Girl.
42— €; Ernest Wickson's Glad Ruffian ■ bye.
Earcpa withdrawn; \V. H. Ji<n<*' Annie Law- '
renc« beat l'a?ha Kennels' Rather Artful, 40
—0; M. C. Pelar.o'B I>als>y Dal« eat J. Wat
kin's Nardlne. 0- l'.art>:s Brothers' Banner :
Bright beat J. J. Warrens Wild Weather.
14—3; D. l»lllon'a Challenser N-at F. Pchou's
Lady Glenklrk. 7—4; J. H. Frank's Glen Ann
beat T. A. Gaffney's Recoil. i&—3.
Second round— Bella Mac beat Marln. 27—2;
Vandal beat St. Valentine, f— 2: Crawford Lass
beat Lnlita. 24— •. Vixen beat Bells of Fhan
don. I<— lJ; Columbia beat IVarl Mac. 12—1; |
Annie Lawrence beat GlaJ Rjfiian. 22—1; Daisy
Pale -at Banner Bright, C— l; Challenger b-ut
Glenn Ann, 12— J.
Open ttake— J. M Hatton's Corln Flafhliicht ,
beat J. J. Warren's Sweet Lips. 4— l; Aeneld
Kennels' Agamemnon beat (Jeorjje Burfoind's
I'anim*. 5—4; F. a. McOombs Royal Flush
t-eat l'a.<ha Kernels' Miv H»ropstesil. s—l;
Curtis & Son's CommoJore beat Fterl &
Knuwles' Mara. 6—4. Curtis & Eon's McKln
!•>>• Wat A. Johnson's LowlaxuW. 82— 7; .1 11.
Jlarrlsin's Hot HcMe beat Handy Smith's
MaMor Davenport. 15—0; Gus Abercromble's
Rf«ck Island King l«rat Pasha IC'nnela" timer's
RabHe. 13— 7; Pasha Kernels' Rollicking Airs
boat Maher A Reid's Plr.gletcn, 15— J; Maher &
Reids NeUI« P.awn beat J. Shaw's Lucky Do*.
6— i. Z— 1; i'ucha Kennels' Rtunnex beat R. IS.
d* B. Lopra'a Wanda. 3-2; R. K. de B. I^pM's
Wocder beat J. H. Kennedy's Ever Bora, B—4;
Maher i Reid's Bad Boy beat W. Creamer's
Je?se Mo-re. 4—2; Curtis * Bon's Vanity Fair
be«t G. W. Lahupen's Wheel of Fortune 6—3;
Pa-ha Kennrls' Rest A*sur*d beat W. H.
Lord's Revolver. 4—4. 4—2; J. Hurley's O X
Capitol beat W. H. Jones' Rustan. 6— i; Famurl
Moore's Rox beat .1 Welch's Sweet Marie.
li>-S; J. H. Kennedy's Wine West beat Hall &
Nfwell'g Rough Rider, 4-3; Curtis & Son's
Cash beat J. Collins' Matchless, 2S— lO; Curtis &
fon's Narcissus bent A. Van der White's Mas
ter Gordon. 6—o; Curti* & D's Cavalier beat
P. McCool'a Fin McCool, 14—0; Georre Shar
man's Wait a Little beat N. P. Whiting's Wh
d'na. T— I'aeha Kennels' Royal Anne b«-at
Rartels Bn.*.' Be«T Brewer. -2, Connell Bros.'
Log Koy b*at Sterl A Knowlea' Frosty Morn.
23— IS; Acneld Kennels' Athena beat J.
K«vnnn's Royal Buck; an l Kennels'
Aeneas beat J. Murnane's Miss Dividend.
4—o: I. E. de B. Lopez's Mlnnewawa.
beat Aeneld Kennels' Pretender. S— 1: 11.
F. Anderson's Crawford Braes beat Handy
& Fmlth'f Lady Bean. 4-0: A. Van It
Whites Cymro *-■• H. mli r 4: Murphy's Don
Rlcardo, fc-3: Russell. Allen & Wilton's Daisy
Clalr beat Handy & Smith's Ida, I— S: D. J.
Hoaleys Maori Land beat P. Joiner's Lily
Lanptry. 5—2; Hall & Newell's Nonpareil beat
Gus Abercromble'n Miss Richmond. 12—10; a.
Johnson's Tod Sloan beat IWsler * Murphy's
Maud M. C— o; Pasha Konr.e' ' Firm Friend
boat W. H. Jones' Lady Mar. : 6--0 Maher
& Reid's Uncle Fuller beat V. . Cairns' Im
perial. 11—4; Connell Bros.* Senorlta beat J.
I>ennlK' October Woodcock, r^l; George Whit
n<y's Themn beat Ed Wilson's Mairnesia 6—2:
Maher & Reid's Pat Rellly beat Connell Bros »
Clover. 19—13; Pasha Kennels' Bmln Pasha
b»at J. McEhrot-'s Nor* west, 8—0; Ed Evatt's
Hurricane beat W. H. Jones' Prince Jerome.
4—2; Russell. Allen & Wilson's Lady Emma
beat A. Johncon's Bald Eagle, 4—o.
INGLESIDE COURSING.
The usual Saturday crowd witnessed
Rood pport In tho run-down of the open
stake at InKlesi>]« Courslnjy Park yester
day. The day's results follow:
Open stake— Carroll'* Auckland beat Con
nell Brothers' St. Helen. 6— 2;\Joe Thrift's Kor-
Kft Mat J. O'Shea"? Golden date. 12—1: Con
nell ltrvthers' Maml* I'learani beat H. A
: • man'i Old Glory, I— T. Logan'.- Miss
Grin!.- beat T. F". Logans (names) Leah. 4—2;
Murphy a. "Poland's Pleasant Girl beat .1 l»
Thrifts Forclve. II— 1; v.. .1 Browning's
Mountain Belle he ( K. M. Kellogg's lowa
MaM, 21—1!: J. Byrnes' Olympus beat 8. Wig
gins' The Prince.. 1R_ «; H. K. de B. Lnpei ? s
Sara beat J. L R ►- J L 11. «-- 1- J. O'Dowd's
Shoot Over beat W. Joiner's Cuckoo. — 0;
Jamc-s Hymen" Battleship beat It. E. d« B
Lopez's Santa nita. 11— I; Handy & Smith's
Jennie Wilson beat T. J. MclluKh's Mom Kos«.
IS— l2; J. Se gerson'f> Oold Hill beat T. J. Cro
nln'ii Depend On Me. 12— «; D. Ford's Bonlts.
beat M. Mlchallkl'a Joker. 4-1; Handy &
Smith's PftronlUK beat 11. Lynch' ■ Loiterer.
B—3; J. Seifrerson's Candelarla beat J. Kerrl
ran's LiKhtror.t. 7—6: It. E. de B. Lopez's Pa
plta beat Kelly ft Hanley'* ];,,!, v Kin*. 4—2;
James Dean* Glarilator beat J. O'Dowd's
ciifu.n l^ass. 12-5: Bartcl Brothers' Mac* Mel
ody beat A. Van d. n rirhii Kittle V, B—2; T.
J. Cronln's Ilose of Tralee beat A. Van den
BnrcVii Naurhty <:irl. 1*— 8: George rinto"«
Mischief beat C. Leavy'g Wild Game, 18—7; J.
O'.«hea'« Youna; America beat James Dean's
Tonnemara. -0: n. U Taylor'n Mose beat I^ar
key & Rock'a Minerva. 5-1; W. C. (ilacoon's
Terronlte beat Connell Brothers' Dunmore, 4 -
S: 11. A. I>eekeitnan's I^awrence beat J. H.
IVrlro's Belle Hpward. IT.— 7; Jamen l>nn's
Gallant beat 11. Lyncb'i Lottie M. 10—4; Lowe
& Thompson* rlnce Hal beat Ituspell. Allen
'&• Wilson's Mlrs Penman. 14-6; Joe Thrift's
Bt. MUliael b<-at J. B. Martinet's Bernal Chief.
11— <: D: Ford's Junnlta beat J. Byrnes'
Klevennpot, 11— I; J. Edmond's Go On beat F.
J. Fulton's Fans Soucl, f.— 3; 1: L. Taylor's
Beauty Hpot br-nt T. J. Cronln's MaM of Ball.
9-1: W. C. <llas!<nn'H Sleigh Bells beat Kay
Brothers' I>udley I»lamond, B—4; It. i: de B
Ixipex's Carmenclta l»eat Corkery A Ho^an's
Hlirh Dice, 6--0: J. O'Shfa's GoMen Rule beat
Ru.well. Allen & Wilson's Julius Cae-far. 7—o
" Lynch'n !>•>••■ beat E. M Kelloßu's
Hummer. 7—4: 11. A. DerHflman's Itocker beat
11. Lynch's Myrtle Maid. K— S; M. Mlchallkl's
Glejiroy beat J. Anthony'n Patriot. 26—0; 11.
A. Deckelman's Fnai«hot beat J. p. Thrift's
Orawhopper. 7-2; H. A. Deckelman's Glen
Chloe beat J. O" Shea's Young Flrenzl. 6—4;
Jame« Byrnes' Neille B beat Murphy 4 Tol
and's TwlHuht Jr. 7-B; E. M. Kelloßir's lowa
Boy beat Handy & Pmlth's Victor <jueen. J— 6.
MrFndden and Daly Draw.
NEW YORK*. Dec. 23.-Oonje McFad
den and Jack Daly fought twenty rounds
to a draw before th» Pelican Athletic
Club. Brooklyn, to-night. In the first
round Daly chopped away with his left
and George used his defensive work. slip,
ping: a wit to the body occasionally In
the ninth McFadden started In on the ag
gressive, taking all kind* of chances
There were two fierce mix-ups in the
twelfth and fourteenth rounds, and In the
roujthhiK on the rop«-8 McFadden twice
Hipped down. Daly showed to advantage
In these rounds. The remaining six were
fiercely contested.
Chrysanthemum's Toilet.
Tha great rivalry among growers ojC
THE BAN FE AN CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 24. 1899.
BIG SPORTING EVENTS
FOOTBALL AS A CIVILIZING
MEDIUM FOR AMERICAN INDIANS
MONTEZUMA, M.D.. the medical direc-
CARIvOS accompanies the Carlisle School football
tor who accompanies the Carlisle School football
1 ] team, stands as the most perfect type of tho clv-
V-^ ilized American Indian. His romantic life, with
broken periods o£i transition from the barbarous to
the nineteenth century Etate, presents a living example
of the effects of what he considers the greatest civilizing
force— an Independent existence among white citizens. He
is the chief representative of a latter-day school of
thought relative to the Indian question as presented to
our Government for solution that takes decided opposi
tion to the reservation scheme and advances in lieu tho
dissemination of the tribes among the various States of
the Union, to be educated in public schools and to become
citizens of the Union.
This suave, Intelligent, dark-haired, dark-skinned doc
tor—now a well known Chicago practitioner— finds his
earliest recollection of childhood among the Pimal Moun
tains of Bunny Arizona, for Montezuma is a full-blooded
Apache of the generation of th© terriblo Geronimo. his
antithesis in the crude savage characteristics of cruelty,
cunning and revenge. A midnight raid by the neighbor
ing Pi mas against the Apache retreat while tho braves
were away on a mission of peace made- the boy, then lit
tle more than a papoose, a prisoner In a new territory.
A few days later twenty dollars of the white man's
money made him the property of a C. Gentile of Chicago,
and with his Indian nature still unformed he was thrown
in the cosmopolitan civilization of a big city at the age
of five years as the ward of his purchaser. When his
benefactor, for such he was. died Carlos Montezuma, in
his eleventh year, having something of a grammar school
education, was left to shift for himself. Drifting to
Champaign, 111., be worked at odd Jobs, managing to con
tinue his studies, ard In dub course of time by dint of
hard work and perseverance graduated from the Univer
sity of Illinois. Five years later he had taken a degree of
medicine at the Chicago Medical School, a branch of the
Northwestern University. Men of Indian nativity of the
caliber of Montezuma were then as now in high demand
by the Government as attaches at the several reserva
tions. Seven years In all wero spent by the doctor in the
employ of Uncle Bam— three of them at the Western In
dian stations of Fort Stevenßon. North Dakota; Western
Shoshone agency, Nevada, and Colvillo agency. Washing
ton, and two as resident physician at the Carlisle Indian
School In Pennsylvania. A close study and observation of
Indian conditions had opened his eyes to appalling defects
In the system of civilizing the aborigine, and having from
Ftern conviction no longer at heart tho scheme of our In
dian regime he resigned his position to take up the active
practice of medicine In the city of his adoption In the
white man's world, where after six years of labor he is
to-day known as a clever man In his profession and as an
up-to-date thinker, of strong ideas and expression.
Dr. Montezuma's theme of thought and argument on
the American Indian question is, as etated In the forego
ing, chiefly aimed at the reservation scheme of the offi
cials of the Department of the Interior, whose methods,
however, It may be said, reflect the Ideas of hundreds of
so-called Interested Americans who have superficially
studied the problem of Indian civilization. All of this
scheme, Montezuma says. Is misdirected philanthropy.
"The < arllsle School." says Dr. Montesuma, "in th*
pr^iit Intermediate step In the right direction. There are
grouped lOuu End! ly in touch with nineteenth
century ways and in a poetuoa to observe and 1> ;irn and
.ird go out and come In contact with the white
maji'u character- making life I may say <>ur f
(••km and its work in Itself cx'-mplliles the Idea, for every
group of men in Car past six year? which h.m
been out against the big Eastern elevens has profited im
measurably tuid has in turn reflected Its obervations and
knowledge on the whole student body. We Ilk'- out boys
to win their football games — every one they play Bui
the chief object of such an organization as our football
large and perfectly shaped blooms have
chrysanthemums and the demand for
reached such a stage that for particular
occasions it often happens that as much
time I;" occupied by Th«» florist In making
the toilet of a single "mum" as would bo
consumed by a fashionable woman In
dressing for the opera, says the Chicago
Tribune. Delicate pincers and soft cam
el's hair brushes take the place of more
, elaborate apparatus on the toilet table
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
(Ccpyright. 1899. by IT II FRhert.)
OAKLAND RACETRACK. Saturday, December 23, 1899.— Fifty-
fourth day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather
fine. Track fast.
JOS. A. MI'RPHY-PresXling Judge. J. B. FERGUSON-Starter.
er|^ FIft.ST RACE— Six furlongs; maidens; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $300.
[Betting.
tbdte. Horse. Age. Weight.. St. \im. 4m. Km. Str. Fin. Jockeys. |Op. Cl.
4!>« nacery. I 104 j 2 ... 14 111 ••• 11 IT - Burns 6 8
4.'i Mtss Soak. 4 119 8 ... Cl 3 4 .... 2 1 |J. Daly 15 60
491 >c;a. 3 109 5 ... 3 4 4 1 ... 3 1 |Rule 3 3
4<* Florence Fink. 8.114 % ... 4 1 5 4 ... 4 4 Jenkins 7 7
47* The Offering. 3 114 7 ... 6V, 6 1 ... 5 h Vlttltoe 6 10
4tt Braw La**. 4 119 10 ... 7 '.. 7 4 ... «4 Spencer 7-! 2
... Jennie Xevine. .11911 ... 9 2 9 1 ... "4 Garrlgan 40 150
497 Vlnctora, 8 10419 ... 10 h 8 4 ... 8 1 E. Roan 10 15
C< Padre Jose 4 115 13 ... 13 5 10 1 ... 9 2 Bennett 40 100
... Majesty. 4 119 1 ... 2 1 2 1 ... 10 2 Conley 8 12
81 The Waif. 4 109 14 ... 112 11 ... 114 Morgan 10 20
366 Flero. 3 10« 12 ... 32 4 13 ■ ... 12 3 Songer 10 30
443 Mldla. 3 101 4 ... 14 2 14 ... 13 4 I. Powell 20 60
40« Averlne, 4 119 6 ... 84 12 ... 14 2 Harris 20 30
... Tafsajara. I 11115 ... 15 35 15 L. Turnf 20 32
Time— 'i. :24 s i; 4. :454: *4. 1 15 l « Winner. D. Cameron & Co.'s b. 1. by Raclne-Pot-
tery- Goo.l start. Won first three driving.
Winner had test luck. Miss Soak ran a smashing race, considering the weight. Delec-
ta cut off. The Offering pocketed hopelessly. Braw Lass Is rounding to form. Majesty
broke down.
(»|(? SECOND RACE— One mile and a sixteenth; selling; three-year-olds and upward;
OlUt purse, $4>o.
I ' j ~~" ~~ I Betting.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. Urn. Hm. %m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
480 Elnrteln, 4 92 4 12 13 12 11 12 JBasslnirer .... 3 «
4M Sorator Pubolß, 6.. :•« 1 21 2 2 23 2 8 22 IHelnFon 12 8
499 Coda, a. 97 8 82 7h 44 3h 8 5 T. Wftlsh 5 8
111 I/ost Girl. 5 ••? I 3h 8 h 8 1 4 1 4 4 J. Martin 8-6 11-8
403 Tim. 3 II 2 6h 6h Bh 64 64 Ranch 15 25
440 RohetUohe. 4 101 1 4 2 42 61 «l 6 2 E. Rom 6 7
604 Marplot. 4 101 7 74 84 72 78 76 J. Woods « 8
463 Tom Calvert. 4 94 <> 9 9 9 81 82 IDevln 6 I
407 Sylvan Lang. 3 104 [ « «2 it m 9 9 Romero 25 CO
Time— l-16. :07; i-IC. :304; 9-16. :55U; 13-16. l:20Vi; m. 1:40; 1 l-l«m. 1:4814. Winner.
Earnphaw Bros.' b. g. by Rlley-Maggle B. Good start. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Einstein a good horse to-day. Dubols quite a horse. Lost Girl sulked.
Scratched— Stuttgart 92.
Kin THIRD RACE— One mile and a sixteenth: selling; three-year-olds and upward;
"lUi purse. $400.
~T ~~~ ~~~~~~~ Betting.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. ' St. V,m. 4m. %m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
4M Ping, 4 92 3 18 12 14 2 1 11 Stuart ~10 20
475 Potente. 3 100 G 54 II 23 14 2h Vlttltoe 4 7-2
m DOB Luis, 4 '.-1 I 3h 42 &4 31 32 Ranch 7 12
44» Alicia. 6 »2 4 24 3h 3h 44 4 1 J. Martin 8 14
(493) Uarda. 4 106 7 7\ 54 71 54 6h Morse 4 6
IN Grand 6aehem. 4... Mil 4h 6h 41 6 1 62T. Walsh 15 20
604 Gotobed, 4 104 981 81 86 88 76 Jenkins 4*9
4 t -'< Dr. Bemays. 4 100 1 8 «1 74 6 4 72 815 T. Burns 8-5 8-5
4£5 Now Moon. 6 92 1 9 9 !< 9 9 Phelan 20 40
Tlme-1-1«. :f*\: R-16 :i>«; f-i<;. v.\ . i3-i"c. 1 y\ : m . 1:40%: 1 l-l«m, 1:464. Winner.
C W. '"happeirs b. g. by Imp. Msxlrn-Must<- (Joed stfirt. W.in first three driving.
Weight suited winner, l'otente should have won. L'arda badly ridden. Gotobed won't
do at present.
Scratched— Ringmaster 97, Schanken 97. Osculation 97, Judge Wofford 97.
FOURTH RACE— One mile; all ages; purse, $400.
Indox. Horse Age. Weight St. Urn. Hn>. *m. Btr. Fin. | Jockeys. ;up. I'l'.
(464) Advance Guard, 2.. 93; 1 38 24 21 lh 14 J Martin 6-2 6-2
PrtIKWM Zelka. 1... MM I 21 4 Sh 8 4 »2 (Ranch 4 3
y. 2 M: 3 12 11 lh 4 1 24 T. Walsh 3 1
600 Krwln. 2 94| 4 4 2 4 4 t h 4 |C. Wilson 2 2
Time— 4. :254; 4. 'M%; \. 1:15; mile, 1:39*. Winner. Carruthers & Shields' eh! c.
by Imp. Great Tom-N<-Ui>- Van. <" I nn,i ntart. Won first three driving.
Advance Guard he«t rl<i<l"ti. With MronßT hnr.dllng Prlnresh could have scored. De-
coy bumped In stretch. Krwln away nnne too well ana ridden wide through streti h.
S|Q FIFTH RACE— One mile and a sixteenth; s«Ulng; three-year-olds and upward-
t>lC3» punt. !*
Index. Horse. Age. Weight St. Urn. Km. Btr. Fin. 1 Jockeys. Op, "'li
.. v T..i p.-.n. I 110, » (4 4 b 4b 14 Ins Thorp* 3 9IJ
(4«l> T.ipmnst. 6 im 4 C 6 6 Ih2B Spencer g-5 7-j
4.3 Rrd l'lrate. 8 U 3 82 31 34 44 84 Ranch 15 to
613 Imp Mistral 11. 6. .100, 2 22 14 1% 81 4n|T Burns & 9-2
i'.ix-nt. 4 1011 4h 52 61 62 62 ( I>vln 4 17.5
4."7 Anchored, 3 X « lh II 12 S < ,T. Walih 25 30
_4»7_ Poorlands, 3 92| Ltpt ... ... |J. Daly 100 200
Time-1-16. M%; S-lfi. Mi Mt, cO^; I^-16, 1 .21; m. 1:40; 1 l-16m." liifit^ Wlaatr F.
W. ixjts & Co.'s br. g. by Powhattan-Flnlcal. Good start. Won flr^t three driving."
Tappan showed great gamene^g. Spencer on Topmast timed his run a trifle late Op-
ponent played In hnrd lurk.
CIQ SIXTH RACK- Six furlongs; selling; ail aces; pune, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. Km. 4m. .%m. 6tr. Fin. Jockeys.' Op.' Cl!
(600) February. » lU 4 ... 4h S4 2 4 11 Thorpe ~ I 2
61J Brn Ledl. 1 106 1 ... 14 I*4 14 2 3 E. R0m.... " 3 1
507 Peace. 3 106 2 ... 2 1 2 2 3 8 3 2 T. Burns ' j r. 5
107 Ban Mateo. 5 11l 3 ... 3 4 3 4 <H «3 1.. Turner 6 7- ;
... Theory, 3 10S, « .... 5 4 5 1 SI D 2 C. Wilson 5 jo
413 ftrongoli. » 100! 5 ... « 8 « 6 IConley 10 34
Time— :24; 4. 48U: \, 1:134. Winner. J. P. Gibson's eh. m., by St. Carlo-Sister
to Ruth Ryan. Good start. Won fflrst three driving. . .
Winner was best. Ben Led! found route a trifle far. Peace Is 00 wonder. Ban Mateo
quit.
Scratched— Dunblane 9*.
Bushnell I'bL.to.
team If not to demonstrate the Indians' wonderful ath
letic ability as brought out under favorable conditions
but more to use tho sport as one element of having the
men meet civilization. In bliort. it is v little way we have
of dimply 'kicking' and 'burking' and 'end-runnlnu' uur
way to the whit<» man's mode of life.
"Send the Indians out to pursuits of labor in the open
world, allow a mixed public school privilege, which of
course would merely meun the abolition of the reserva
tion; 'Stablish more schools lik<- Cai
dlate step and the problem will simplify itself l:i one
generation."
Dr. Montezuma has often been asked why he does not
go among his suffering brethren as a missionary. His an
swer has been that he to-day does stand as a mlasl
in the American Indian cause, but 11
Indians in the midst of th» whites, whom he
should be educated to an id.-.i oi :U true condition of tli<
aborigine problem.
Apropos of the Philippine Tuition, the Apache phv
sicinn laconically points «.ut that if the matter «>r •■
Ing" a comparatively small number of Indiana with
very domains has caused tho Govi rnment years "t bitter
experiment, then that phase of th<- Eastern question that
affects the subjugation and civilising of the natli
Luzon and the other Islands will Indeed Btlr v
of trouble.
of a chrysanthemum. When r bloom is
exhibited at a flowr-r show, for In
stance, each of Its mantel petals Is
ftr.iightenod and brought into place,
r other dlsllgurements are
carefully brushed away. Imperfect petals
or thos.- which refuse to remain In place
are skillfully pulled out with the pincers,
while enough are removed from the cen
ter to enable the remainder to close over
that part.
CARLOS MONTfiZUNA, M. D.
FAST RUN
OF A TWO
YEAR - OLD
Princess Zeika Beaten by Ad
vance Guard in World's
Record Time.
Advance Guard, the chestnut son of Imp.
Or. at Tom and Nellie Van. one of- the
Ktars of the Carruthtra & Shields stable,
created a new world's record for two
year-olds at Oakland yesterday, skim
ming around the elliptic in 1:39%. The
former mark of 1:40 was held by Bliss
Rncker. Advance Guard, with Jack Mar
tin up, formed one of a quartet Btartlng
in the fourth race of the day. li was
second choice in the betting, and passing
Decoy as the stretch was reached won,
driving, by half a length from Princess
Zeike, piloted by Ranch. Krwin, the fa
vorite, of which great things were ex
pected, got away irom the post none too
well, running last. The event was lor all
ages, but it simmered down to a two-year
old affair, the winner carrying 9J pounds.
A large crowd viewed the ■ poi t, and the
booking fraternity declared the betting
the liercest seen in years, everybody ap
parently being possessed of a bank roll .i
steeplechaser colildn't Jump over. Favor
ites were out of luck, February, in the
last, alone managing to score. " Ping, at
2o to 1, was the star long shot.
Fifteen maidens went into the starter's
hands In the opening event at six fur
longs. Braw La was i ,1:1 installed fa
vorite, and though making a fair show
ing failed to gel a mark. Tommy Burns,
astride the S to 1 shot ■Racery, led almost
from the Jump, beating out Miss Soak a
length. The latter mare was 25 to 1 for
the place. Delecta, a strongly backed one,
was third. -
Good ami bad nt limes, Einstein, one of
th« EarntUinw Bros.' wizard aggregation,
mad.: a Kallop of the mile and a six
teenth run. Six to one in the ring, the
Riley gelding finished two lengths ahead
of Senator Duboia at the wire. Code took
the show. Lost Girl, the favorite, aeemed
outfootcd from the start.
In the second mile and a sixteenth run
Tommy Burns acted us cockswain for Dr.
Bernays, the v to 5 favorite. XI •■ doctor
made a most disappointing showing, never
petting within a stone's throw of the
leader?. Ping made all the runninr.
breasting the tape a length in front of
Pot ente. the good thing of the race.
Show honors fell to Don Luis.
A third run oTer one mile and a six
teenth saw Topmast, ridden b] Bi
and ;t 7 t" n'l.ii .1 out by Tappan,
■uperbly pil< ted by Thorpe. The "old
niiiii" tlnn>l liis run t.> perfection, und in
a furloua drive serur« d the Verdid frmri
tho tardily arriving farorlte. Red P
a .".ii to i outsider, landed in the ahow.
Peac< opened f.ivorit<- for the Una] num
ber, a six furlong sprint. >.'ivinK w;i\ later
in the 1 • • : ii v- to rel : USX] . back<
4 to 2. Ben rx"«li made ail tti- rui
only to be cullarod and downed a I
at the ptnnrt hy Thorpe on the favorite.
Peace fWi!«hf<l in thi-d p
GETTING FAT ON EXPOSURE.
The Effect of an Array Trip Upon n
Chronic Complainer.
"It is a well-known fact," snld an ob
servant citizen, "that a man nut fishing
or hunting will get fat on exposure that
would Infallibly kill him In town," says
the New Orleans Times-Democrat. "Why
this should be science has failed to ex
plain; but 11 Is nevertheless true and has
been especially noticeable In the experi
ence of our volunteer troops, l was out
myself, so I know what 1 am talking
about. .
"Here 'n the city I am subject to colds
and suffer torture from dyspepsia. Wet
feet or a few square inches of pie v.ili
put me In bed with an unfailing certain
ty and after 1 enlisted and the llrst p!ow
of patriotism cooled off I was filled with
apprehension and felt positive I would
never survive the rigors of camp life.
The result was exactly the reverse of
what 1 expected. 1 got soaking wet, sl<-pt
on the ground, ate fat bacon, drank
'bootleg coffee* and was never sick for a
moment. Naturally I thought my eld
sanitary precautions were all nonsense
and when 1 returned I began to disregard
them. In twenty-four hours I was Hat
on my back with an attack of pleurisy
and. I assure you, my case was not ex
ceptional.
"At* far as I have been able ,i learn
everybody else bad substantially the
same experience, differing only in degrte.
Of course, there was an immense amount
of sickness among the troops, occasioned
by bad water, embalmed beef and other
causes that could not be definitely traced,
but 1 am erteaklng of the ordinary ex
posure and hardships incident to :■;:>•
campaign. Why they should be so harm
less outside of town and so deadly Inside
corporate limit? Is i great mystery. It
Is one of the things, as Lord Dundreary
observes, that no fellow can find out."
■♦ ■ —
The University of Michigan has hon
ored manly sports by making Its director
of athletics, Charles Bond, a Junior pro
fessor.
BASEBALL— Sacramentos Beat All-CaUornias.
COURSlNG— Saplings Furnish Great Courses.
RING STILL
ATTRACTIVE
FOR CORBETT
Already Preparing Against the
Day He Will Meet Cham
pion Jeffries.
D. J. Tnbln, who has an option on the
fort!,! iming 'Mampionship battle betweea
Bozei - • and J> ff ries. Is saiiKuine
he wiil !>«• able to bring about the
ing of U.f men sn this city. 11<
fr<im New York with .i high opinion of
ett's physical condition and of hts
arnb!t!i n i.. regain ' ■ ehampkm.
rbett was never In I ntion
ally than at t! I
Mr. Tobln ■ • ■• Pei tv who pro
fess to baUe.v< bis days as a box
: taken His w>.fk at
tnlnary to what he
mvii %n through as I te for h!n meet-
Tnis time
\o Of
■ ear— but hi* w.irk now. whll«
lar/an There
bould not
■ is young, ambitious, tl..
tuxioua to wipe
out that Caraoi
"Corbett does not jfck the champion
ship for any money he might make out
or it. His cafe on Broadway dors a busi
ness estimated at $700 a day. with ex
penses comparatively light. The place Is
th.- rend« zvous of the Best known poli
ticians In New York. It Is also the Brat
place strangen In the mctroi>olis visit.
HIH homo is one of the most artistic in
New York, as it is furnished both taste
fully and luxuriously.
"Ills hours are alar. He arrive? at
his place of business at 10 a. m.. goes to
luncheon at 1 o'clock and at 3 is exer
cising in Wood's gymnasium. Twenty
eighth tree! He weighs about ISO
pounds, lias a clear, healthy complexion;
an drastic Btep and grent vitality.
'1 expect to secure the big tight and
will hold it in this city, my offer of f.O.O'iO
being a genuine one In every way. W. A.
Brady, Jeffries' representative, wanted
the light decided in the East, but has
practically expressed his willingness to
have it decided here. I have no doubt
as to the attendance being a record
breaking one."
ON SAN RAFAEL LINKS.
Baron A. yon Schroeder Wins the
Men's Handicap at Golf in
Medal Play.
The polf handicap set for the 16th ln»t..
but deferred on account of bad weather,
took place yesterday afternoon on the
links at San Rafael. The course had dried
out considerably, but the ground was fctlll
somewhat heavy and the greens nlow.
The event was over thirteen holes, medal
play, and was won by Baron AJex yon
Schroeder with a score of % lean 15—60.
The full scores were as follows:
.\
I ■
I HA>
NDICA]
«
• •
Itfro*
Hdcp
i : N
•
\
>*«ier..
:.nr
•• H
•
s«
. J. I
. He:
. A.
.1 I
7
7
■
N
N
.. 115
II
-■:
H. Gilmrm Brown made the first nine
holes In fifty-nine, a Rood score on the
heavy course, and the remaining four
holes in '2j. C. P. Point ro . hand 9,
ami Preacott Ely. handicap IS, did not
play. iron yon Schroeder. handicap 12.
mniie no returns. The ladles handicap
did not take place. On Tuesday a Christ
mas tree will be act up In the clubhouse
and every cuddle, will receive a builable
prtsent.
During the afternoon yesterday many
players wont over to the Presidio course,
which is in excellent condition, as it dries
rapidly after the heaviest rain. Arrong
those at ih«> links were K. J. McCutcr.cn,
Charles Pap<\ H. B. Goodwin. John Law
pon. A. H. Williamson. Leonard Chenery
Major H. J. (iatlasher, AY. J. I>utton and
Bernard Fuyrronvirfi*. Two or three went
uround the course to qualify for the Coun
cil's cup con. petition. but mo.«t of the con
testants v.ill play the ijuaJlfylng rounds
to-day and a few to-morrow.
The following gentlemen have presented
prizes to be contested for by the ladles:
J. W. Byrne, a handsome glass flower
vase; w. B. Bourn, a silver-mounted
trophy deck: P. M.i; Ucßean, a ;\vo
handlod silver cup. It has not yet been ar
ranged wnr-n the competitions shall cuke
place among the ladles nor what the de
tails of the competitions shall* be, except
that In the putting contest each pia>er
will put four balls from opposite corners
of each of the nine greens.
A man never gets too mean to over
reach himst!f.
MORPHINE,
A staple like flour and sugar. Opium like tea and potatoes. The drug In
some form a household necessity.
And "reduction" the best, the only known method of curing the habit.
Confronted by such apparent conditions, it Is amall wonder that the vic-
tims of. this baneful addiction, this deplorable vice, are hopeless and de-
spairing.
But to every subject of King Opium I Bay:
CHEER UP!
Do not despair. "Reduction" is NOT the best, much Ws th.- ONLY hope.
I have a sure, sufe remedy: an easy, quick and permanent cure.
SOME HAPPY EXPERIENCES:
Mr. S. D. Yates is a veteran, TO years of age. In his efforts to relieve
the Intense pain of a broken skull caused by an exploding shell his physician
plunged him Into the drug habit. Hero is what he says (under date of De-
cember 2«. 1S90):
-MY PHYSICIAN GAVE ME MORPHINE AS A LAST RESORT. BUT
WHEN I HAD SOME FRACTURED BONES IN MY SKULL REMOVED
AND GOT WELL I COULD NOT SHAKE OFF THE DRUG HABIT. I
TRIED ALL KINDS OF WAYS. BUT NO SUCCESS. AND IT WAS PULL-
ING ME DOWN MORE AND MORE EVERY DAY. WHAT TO IK> I DID
NOT KNOW UNTIL DR. ARNOLD OF SANTA CRUZ TOLD ME OF YOUR
WONDERFUL REMEDY AND HE ADVISED ME TO TAKE IT. IF THERE
WAS EVER A SURPRISED MAN 1 WAS. FOR I EXPECTED TO SUF-
FER FROM THE PAINS TO SOME EXTENT. BUT I NEVER HAD A
SYMPTOM, AND AFTER THE SECOND DAY I KNEW THE HABIT WAS
BROKEN AND I WAS A FREE MAN AGAIN. WITH ALL DESIRE
FOR THE DRUG GONE. AND I AM NOW GAINING IN FLESH AND
STRENGTH -EVERY DAY. MY APPETITE IS SOMETHING WONDER-
FUL. Etc.. etc., S. D. YATES. Santa Cruz, Cal."
• AN ANTIDOTE.
WITH PROOF POSITIVI^AND ABSOLUTE.
A young man residing on Howard street, whom I had recently cured of
the morphine habit, took by mistake MORPHINE BULPH. ORB V.. think-
ing It whs quinine. In one hour my remedy had thoroughly antldotcd the
drug and ho returned to his work without any 111 effects whatever.
FACTS \/s. FANCIES.
A gentleman residing on Third street with his family had used morphine
and opium in one form or another, continuously and without a singlo day's
interval, for * -
TWENTY-THREE YEARS.
On Dec-ember 6. 1539. he deposited the fee for a cure with Mr. Dahlbender
a thoroughly reliable business man, druggist, at No. 214 Kearny street and
entered my private sanitarium. •
Aside from one of his customary "bilious" attacks, he did not suffer a
moment, did not have an ache or pain and his habit was thoroughly broken
One might fancy that the craving for the drug or for a stimulant or subl
stltute would last for month as in the "reduction" cures, but the facts
disprove this.
Within forty-eight hours all desire for the drug which he had used for
so long was completely abolished.
During his Ftay at the sanitarium he saw many others cured and In every
case the desire for the drug was thoroughly eradicated
His name is MR. CHARLES JOHNSON. No. 233 Third street
TIINOT. OPIUM CAMPH,
■■. ... tl TWO OUNCES DAILY.
That was the addiction of a young lady residing In this city With my
remedy at her own home she was directed to use only sufficient of her ac-
customed opiate to prevent pain, nervousness, sleeplessness, etc
One email dose on the second day made her feel elck. and that waa
enough. On the tilth day she was cured and took no more medicine of any
kind. GI YONG YEN, ■
01 YONG YEN,
The great Chinese specific, cures every case of drug addiction, no matter
how bad It may be.
,_ The Published testimony of delighted and grateful patients, backed up by
the additional evidence, • * J
NO CURE-NO PAY.
leaves no room for doubt In the minds of those who honestly desire to be
cured. /
Call or write In sacred confidence. Hour*— lo a. m to Ip. m. daily.
DR. GEO. W. WILLIAMS. 211 Kearny Street, San Francisco, Cal.
CARLISLES MAY
PLAY MINUS
THEIR CHIEF
Captain Whcclock of the In
dians Is on the Sick
List.
When the Carlisle Indians line up
against the University «>f California on
Christmas day they will very likely b«
minus their captain. Tackle Wheelock.
lie has directed the Indiana all season
and Is now on the sick list, and unless he
recovers to-day the original Carlisle
eleven will not face the victorious tenm
which played Stanford on Thanksgiving
day. ThU loss to the Indians, whllo
serious, will not disorganize the team to
any great extent. Warren will b« moved
In from guard to tackle and Smith will
nil \\ arrens place on that «ldo of the line.
The Carli*l« Indiana have played all the
season together and even the substitutes
when occupying positions of tho school
team play with a machlnc-like force.
Ihe signal practice of the Indians yea
tcrduv ufternoon showed the team to be
In splendid torm. Every man seem to
know Just where he was wanted and
played accordingly. Hut after the prac
tice Coach War was not natldtled with
the ground, and he accordingly registered
his objections. The Bandy coating which
was placed over the mud in order to en
able the Thanksgiving game to be pluyrd
does rot auit the Indians. They are uc
customed to hard ground, fast and
springy to the foot, and the soft, nlow.
sandy going Is not to their liklnr. especl
al'V when big scores nil their minds.
California ha.- been working with a will
during the last few days anrt the team
which , the Blue and <;':; ' : ' will put against
Carlisle will be very much llko the eleven
that play.: against Stanford. lioth Cali
fornia and Carlisle did their last work
jesterdav "n.i will rrst until they meet
for the battle of West against East to
morrow.
At the Chess Tables.
VIENNA, De«. 23.— The fifth round of
tho Kollschne tournament was concluded
to-night, resulting M follows: Poplel and
/inkl adjourned In an even position
Prock lost to Wolf; Brody and Albln ad
journed In an even position; Maroczy and
Alapin. adjourned In favor of the former;
Bchwan lost to Kortle. and Bchlechter
and Marco drew.
WEAK RIDE
COSTS ALPEN
THE PURSE
Lackman Noses Out McCaf
fcrty's Horse in the Cres
cent City Handicap.
Special DUratch to The Call.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 23.-IIol«nd'9
weak finish on Alpen lost to J. J. McCaf
ferty the I2COO purse hung up for the
Crescent City handicap. The colt ran his
race to-day— a performance In striking
contrast to his last— and Lark man. which
won. Just nosed him out. Duke of Mld
dleburg, coupled with Moroni, figured as
favorite, but could not extend himself In
the heavy going. Supreme, a two-year
old filly, ran fifty yards past the wire am]
dropped completely exhausted, probably
the only Instunce of sending i two-year
old such a distance in such going.
Ed Gartland's people scorched the ring
In the second race. It was the blacK
gelding's iir-t appearance at this meeting
and the books opened him at 10 to 1. The
Inflow of wise money noon cut the price to
i, and at this he went to the post, mad*
all the running and won off by himself,
the only successful favorite of the day.
The steward* have suspended the stahlo
of J. E. Murphy and Jockey Kltley for
thirty days on account of the Inconsistent
running of the horse Mon^relth. Th-»
stable of J. H. Jones and Jockey A. Me-
Intyre have been suspended pending anln-
Hation of the running of the horse
St. Lorenzo.
The weather was dull and cloudy and
the track heavy. Results:
One mile. iwHln»— M!*» Poolry wen. Coed Or
&rr second. Domlnls thlni. Tim*. 1:53.
Six ':irionc». <w»lllnr— KJ fjartland II won.
Tyrba *<cond. M«MlMnmi> third. Tlm», 1:J1.
One mile, ■ellinx— .-.'.drills won. Ellu* LlcSt
second. Monrrelth third. Time, 1:53.
Crescent City Handicap. mile and an eighth—
La- kn-.an won, Alpen second, Prlnct Blazes
third. Time. J:M«i.
One mile, selllnc— Lorenzo won. Acushla
second, Uhlers third. lime, 1:12.
1920
PACIFIC MAIL
STEAMERS MAY
TAP SAN DIEGO
Promise Good Times
for the South.
RATES LIKELY TO TUMBLE
LIVELY COMPETITION FOB
COAST TRADE PROMISED.
♦
a rumor
. ■
H concerr.s tho l*artflc Mall Compar.y
and will. 12 founded on fact. xnak« that
corporation a competitor for the coast
als* freight and passrr.ger business cut
cf the port of San Diego.
Mall has been
- that
■
■
■
If this bo true It will mean much to ;
the farmers and business men of the en
tire southern i>ortion of the State, It '
■will mnan pbarp competition, providing
BO agreement Is entered into r>r the three
oomjianies. among rival corporations
tacked by all sorts of capital. and will i
result In a kr.ocklnp down of rates that
will enable those, of that lion of tho
Ftate to pet their ponds to market at a
profit whli-h will Insure thrm a fair re
turn for the capital they have Invested
Jr. their different pursuits.
The reason for this contemplated move
en the port of the Pacific Mail «s r.ot
alor.e that Its agreement with the Pacific
Coa*t Steamship people is about to ex
pire. That, of course, hos somethir.s to
Go with It. tut the principal factor in the
« ase in the Kosraoe line that, start !ne from
liuropean ports, takes lr. the entire coast
of South. Central and North America,
picking up whatever in the way of freight
«-r passer.per business may lie in its path
and tapping the entire territory from the
StrsJte of Magellan to San Francisco.
•
vi uiun ivf viuHti mis ana exiena e»;uai
axTommodatJon t«. \he shippers of the
Central American states it Is thought
lhat the Pacific Mall will be forced to
take In Sun Dlepo and other Southern
California ports both going ar.d coming.
Oncn !n there it will naturally make a
irtfor.g Dlay for whatever local business
It can pet hold of and the consequence
will he a rate war. which will be a thins
at Joy for those who have "no friend, no
brother" in ar.y one of the companies and
whose only interest is centered in low
rates.
When yen yesterday concerning thp re
ports! p!ans of the company of which he
Is the head. General Manager Schwei.n
raid It was true that the contract he
iweon the Pacific Mail and the Pacllic
i^oriFt SteamrhSn Company expired r.ext
month. After that date the Huntirjrtnn,
poople would be at liberty to make San
Dlejro a port of call if they so de?ir«d
As yet no plans looking to cuch a change
In their route had tron mad*.
"Of rourfe" said Mr. Sohwertn. "If the
Mstnen at San Diego warrants such .in
sction on our part, we win call there. At
present >t does not. The freight and r.is-
MT.c.-r hu«iress we would pet from San
Dlopo with the existing competition would
nnt pcy for our pilot, dock or cleara-ce
rntry ar.d other charges Incident to the
rf-neral '-xr-n^s that our ships would
Irifur by .r.tcrir.g that port. We con
template no such move at present, but
wh»-n our contract expires we. have the
risrht to entrr San Diego and mix In the
rtajtwlse tra.de if we so deslr«. and if the
buMr.ess should warrant It v<» would prob
ably do ro. We naturally po wherever it
will pay us to Fer.d our ships and enter
fe.ny trade, wherein there is a reasonable
profit.
Trmtjp-r'* Oil <mr»i amatlßtn & nmnilri*.
DruHiiru. Me fl«»k. hards & Co. 40* CJ*y.
Junk Dealer in Trouble
TTenry Bmlth. Junk dealer, was deliv
ered yesterday into the custody of United
Stau-s Marshal Shine on a charge of pur
chasing from soldiers ordnance supplies
and quartermaster's stores. Becond Lieu
tenant H*>nry Clay Evans Jr. made the
arrest. United States Attorney Coombs
drew up a complaint against the pris-
IMvorce Suits Filed.
Fults for dlvorre have h~»n filed by
Mnry R. BiiFsc-y apalnst Arthur Ruspey
for lntemporanr*; HvanKeline Happens
borcor acainst Frank Happensborcor. for
failure to provide: Christina AVissonden
■gainst William Wtesenden. for cruelty.
and I^aura N*. Grossman against Edward
_. Grof^man, for cruelty.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
LITTLE B ABYS
i SCALY BLEEDING SORES
Ho Rest Day or Night. SaCTerinra Bo*
yond Description. Dwindled to a
Skeleton. All Thought would Die.
Uothrr Read* of Wonderful Care by
CCTICUKA. Father Goes 5 Mile* to
Get It. Instant and Grateful Relief.
Consplet© Cnre In Nine Week*, and
Not a Sign left to Tell of Hl*
Awful f> offering*.
M <r baby had a terrible breaMsg oct all ormt
k'» face and bead, extending half way down hi*
back, while hit arm became one •olid, acaly,
bleeding tore. A pfcynician care me a preterip-
tlon «hich 1 U»ed, but be kept getung wont,
and auffered beyond description. The pain be-
eacie «o inus&ae that he had to be put under
Opiate* We could jret no real, eight or day. lie
dwindled down to a mere tkeleton. Everybody
who aaw him aald be would am ly die. Aa a
lait reaort a trip to the country waa vncgeiled.
that the change of air might do him good. Aa
coon at toy mother uw the child rhe (rot a copy
of an AtUtita paper. In whlrb there waa an ac-
ceast of a wonderful cureCmccna Revediks
had wrought on a two- year #>!d child. My father
atarted to the nearett druK BbMßj which wat tire
tnileo, and purchaaed iTjiuri (aMat} t OBi
Tirraa !•<.*!•. and Ccticiiia UreoLTEvr. We
api ■ I at per dirrctioct puttiuy plenty of the
Cmrru on bit heart, fare, arm, and back.
The child tltpl for orrr tiro hour* that tight.
Improved dally, and in afal Mat* front the time
ttarUi on the Citk nu Kr_rnits H "<■
cblr to discontinue lU'ir use, and not a alga li
left to tell of bit awful tufferltißa.
Mns. UOBERTA DAVIS.
Aug. 29, 1895. South Atlanta, Oa.
titiT rea «K:i>-TntrrKßn Bunt »• t> Rirr row
Tiair M-iTaraa in a warn t »th wlta Cm. i l* BOAr,
«Bda».o«tca|«pi«eMot> c* » i Tin ■« (oiotrarat). i.t>«in|
of rmolllesU aod «»ln ram. Thu tnataest «i.l (It*
laataat r*:ict permit nat for p«rcst sad t!«p for child,
aad a^Bt to a «p»»<y. per_anctit. aa4 rco»omlt»l ear*
•( tbr mc*t tnrtarlnc difliurlrt. tod hnmllUtlßf of
tatelaff. burninjt. Maa<la». aoalj. pimaty. «r.d crsttcd
ak.ls aad « » bumora wt_ low of half, wheaail tIM faOa.
fold thrrrorhoU th» world. ram* DiCO ÜBCiM.
Co«r_ Sow rVow , " ■
at- " — •» to Cere Tortarlm Eciena." K_Dad _te.
EED OILY BKIN '""TSSUZSLt^
FINE LIBRARY BUILDING FOR THE
SOUTHERN SECTION OF THE CITY
Structure Which Mayor Pheian Will Present to San Francisco.
mAYOR rHF.T.AN has made an offer to the. Board
of Fr*> e Library Trustees- to furnish a site and
construct a suitable building for a branch of the
library In the district south of Market street. If
the- Mayor's offer is accepted that section of the city will
have- on* of the finest public library buildings in the
State. Some time ago, when the Mayor was making Im
provements on the property owned by him in the vicinity
of S^uth Park the ry of the Library Board com
municated with him, n.sklng if he would lease a compart
ment in his new building for a branch library. The May
or's reply was characteristic of the man.
"It occurs to me," wrote the Mayor, "that the city
should own its own branch library building? and have
them attractive In appearance, commodious and well
lighted. The people would then feel a sense of pro-
INHERITANCE
TAX TO HELP
. THE TEACHERS
Their Demands to
Take Precedence.
»
VIEWS OF AUDITOR WELLS
TWO MONTHS' UNPAID SALARIES
MUST BE PAID FIRST.
The Finance Committee of the Board of
Education will m^et Auditor Wells on
next Tuesday or Wednesday in order to
devise ways and means to pay JUaw of
miscellaneous demands Incurred by the
board June of this year, and which
were never paid. Resolutions were passc-d
at the last meeting of the board to the
effect tlmt as there would be a ...us la
the school funds these claims should be
paid out of such burplus. Auditor WeJls
Is not so cure that this can be done. In
discussing tha matter yesterday he said:
"If there is a surplus in the school funds
at the end of the present fiscal year, and
l believe there will bo, the law euys very
clearly that It must be carried over into
next year and cannot be applied to pay
ment ii old claims. I would iike to bee
my way clear to passing these demunds
that were legitimately contracted lust
June, but I have closed my account ami
they have never been calleu to my atten
tion.
"The only relief I can see la that from
moneys collected as inheritance taxes. 1
expect a cettlemcnt from the State re
garding tho Stanford estate In a few days,
and the school funds will be enriched to
the extent of about J7O.UW. Now 1 regard
lhat money as belonging to the city on
the day that Mi Stanford died, therefore
it can be applied to the- claims unpaid of
that and subsequent years.
"Not taking into account what was
termed by Judge Seawell as the "illegal
payment' 7 in June. 1537, of JU3.4IJ IS when
there was that amount of shortage in the
school funds, we come down to the
teachers' warrants of November and De
cember, IK>!>. amounting to 5^4.405 70 and
J%.C2 40 respectively. I am of the opinion
that the Inheritance tax moneys must
first be applied to paying these demand*,
and as more of such moneys come In we
may discharge all those obligations until
we arrive at the claims for $0000 in June,
IS&9. Only then can these latter claims be
paid, as the teachers' demands must of
necessity take precedence. It is possible,
too. that the surplus now contemplated
may be used In some way, but I must
consult my attorney 111 that. After the
teachers' salaries are paid now there will
remain about $14,000 a month for other
purposes. As very little is now being
epent for repairs to Bchoolhouses thero
ought to be a pood surplus at the end of
this fiscal year.
CAPTAIN DEERING HAS
RECEIVED PROMOTION
Captain D. Marcuccl, Assistant Inspec
tor of Hulls, has resigned, and Captain
Thomas Dcerlns, chief ofllcer of the
steamship Zcalandia, has been appointed
In his stead. Captain Docrinj? will assume
the duties of the office on January 1, Cap
tain Marcuccl's resignation taking effect
on that date.
Captain Decrinfj has a wide circle of
friends on this coast, and they will be
pleased to learn of his promotion to a
Government position of so much respon-
Bltillity. The office Is under the civil ser
vice Bystem, looking toward a life tenure
and demanding what Captain Doc-ring
i will g-lve. ability of a high order. Industry
and discretion.
Captain Marcuccl was appointed to the
office on December 27. ISM. by Secretary
■Windom. The captain arrived in San
Francisco In 1819 and built and launched
the first steamboat ever operated in these
waters, the Captain Sutter, which ran be
tween this city and Stockton. He contin
ued In the ship building business for many
years. The old Mary Garratt was the
work of his hands aa was the steamer
City of Stockton and other boats. lie Is
72 years of ase, and resigned because he
desired r> pom from the cares and labors
of the office.
Common whisky is :i curst— the Old Gcv
«lnc •
"MINTNO GROUND" DEFINED.
6upreme Court Passed on a Point of
Much Importance.
The California Lustral Company, a rnln
inp corporation, undertook to mine a min
eral deposit cast of Oakland for the pur
pose of manufacturing paint. A plant for
grinding and refining the natural product
wag erected. In order to carry on ope
rations, the company borrowed money
from J. J. Johnson, giving him two notes
of $5236 each and a mortgage on the 104
acres of land being mined to secure their
payment. The venture was a failure and
Johnson sued to foreclose the mortgage.
The action was resisted on the ground
that under the law it was unlawful for
the directors to sell. lease or mortgage
mining property without the ratification
of the holders of two-thirds of the capi
tal stock. This brought up the question
as to whether the mortgaged property
was "mining ground" or agricultural
land. The lower court found that It was
agricultural land holding that land can
not be considered as mining ground un
less minerals can be tak.-n therefrom in
paying quantities. Judgment went to
Johnson.
The Supreme Court takes a different
view of tho meaning of mining ground
It holds that the opening of shafts run
ning of tunnels, etc., constitutes mining
and when such operations are pursued It
If raining. Mlihout reference to whetiiex
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1899.
I prietorshlp In their own library and its use would be
encouraged."
After a conference with the librarian, the Mayor now
makes an offer to the city of a library site In the district
bounded by Harrison. Brannan. Third and Fourth streets,
and in addition agrees to erect a library hulldlnj? on the
property. He has gone to the extent of having plans
drawn by Architects Curlett & McCaw, and if they meet
with the approval of the Library Board the Mayor says
he, will Immediately proceed to let the contracts for the
erection of a building to be constructed of brick and
stone, which he will present to the city for a branch pub
lic library.
The only condition upon which the Mayor makes this
penerous offer is that the trustees shall keep the branch
building open during the day and until at least 9:30
o'clock in the evening.
there Is any profit In the work or not,
of the Lustral Company
I and the land mori
>und." Judgment was
ladles' tailor-m&'ie suits, fur capes, cloaJcs.
Credit. M KothschlM. 334 Post st. •
■ ♦ «
RECEIVED STOLEN PROPERTY.
Detectives Ryan and ODea Make
Two Important Captures.
Long Wo. a Chinese tailor, was arrested
yesterday by Detectives Ryan and ODea
of the Southern station and charged with
receiving stolen property. Recently a
number of suits of clothing have disap
peared from the store of Hoffman. Roth
schild & Co., and as suspicion was direct
ed to a Chinese employe he was closely
watched.
By dint of investigation the detectives
learned that the stolen property was se
creted In Wo's store on Clay street, and
they concluded to pet possession of It.
Armed with a search warrant they went
to his place of business yesterday and
found the stuff hidden under the counter.
\\ o was then taken Into custody and for
mally charged. •
John Mitchell, alias Brown, was arrest
ed by the same detectives and booked on
a charge of burglary. He is accused of
breaking Into the basement of Dr. Dodge's
house, at 930 Van Ness avenue, and steal
ing a set of harness valued at $150 and
two bicycles. The property was found in
a second-hand store on Howard street
where it had been sold for a mere trifle. '
*rker> Courh Cur«. One OoM will .top
a coußh. Never falls. Try it. All druggists.
DEATH CLOSES AN
HONORABLE CAREER
JAMES A. THOMPSON, THE DEAD BANKER.
JAMES A. THOMPSON, the banker. Is dead. The close to an honored
career came suddenly on Friday night, and under conditions which
made it exceptionally sad. A month ago the banker was apparently
In perfect health. Then Illness attacked his wife, and death ended her
sufferings. No consolation could relieve his distress and after .1
month of brooding he died. Five of his six children were with him at the. end.
Mr. Thompson was one of the best known men In the financial world of
San Francisco. For many years he occupied positions of trust and responsi
bility, and was looked upon as one of the leaders in the local world of finance
At the time of his death he was secretary and cashier of the Donohoe-Kelly
Bank. He had occupied this position of responsibility for several years. His
education In finance was received in the banking " house of John Paxrott,
where for several years he remained as a trusted employe.
In banking and commercial circles Mr. Thompson was widely known and
highly regarded as a man of undoubted integrity and line business qualities
For many years he was connected with the Sather Banking Company. He
came into wider prominence when Governor Waterman appointed him Bank
Commissioner. His knowledge of financial methods and real estate values, to
gether with the Information he possessed regarding individual responsibility,
rendered his service on the commission exceedingly valuable to the public He
resigned his State office to accept the position of manager of the Mutual Sav
ings Bank when that institution was founded by Mayor Phelan and other
capitalists. Through Mr. Thompson's solicitation Albert Gerberdlng was ap
pointed as his successor as Bank Commissioner.
.», Mr. Thompson left ,t, th c Mutual Bank to accept his position as cashier of
the Donohoe-Kelly Bank. The change brought to him larger remuneration
and greater responsibility. As a banker he was admittedly one of the lead
ers In the city.
Mr. Thompson was one of the founders of the, Bohemian Club He was
admitted to membership on May 6. 1873. when the owl's abode was on Sac
ramento street. He served one term as treasurer of the club and in April
I? 8 ' s/aa «*•*•* to the office of president. By virtue of his position he was
sire of the Christinas high Jinks one year ago. Last night many of the
Bohemians assembled at the club to celebrate the Christmas high jinks of
th l? 7B7 Bp ° kefe ° f the^ mr T. lllUes Possessed by Mr. Thompson and re
called with tenderness the kindly attributes of the lamented ex-nrcsldent
to The funeral of the dead banker will take- place to-day! and £ ° bed —
to his wishes will be private. *' oDeaience
HIRED A MAN TO
KILL HER HUSBAND
Strange Action of a Sac
ramento Woman.
•
BELIEVED TO BE DEMENTED
INTENDED VICTIM FORTUNATE
LY INFORMED OF PLAN.
»
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 23— A remarkable
case has been brought to the attention
of the police authorities. A. J. Silva is
a prosperous gTocer at Fourth and N
streets, this city, and over his store he
h:is Ions? resided with his wife .and twin
daughters. For some unaccountable rea
son Mrs. Sllva has formed a dislike for
hfr husband and daughters, although
there appeared no reason tn believe that
h*r mind was disordered, since she dis
charged her household duties regularly
MORE VESSELS
FOB THE INTER
ISLAND TRADE
Auxiliary , Schooners
to Carry Sugar.
4 — —
SURFRISE FIRST OFTHE FLEET
•
SHE WILL SAIL FOB HAWAII IN
A FEW DAYS.
• *
The new auxiliary gasoline schooner
Surprise came down from Benicia yester
day. She Is Intended (or the Hawaiian
interisland trade and will carry sugar
from the various plantations to Honolulu
for shipment to New York and San Fran
cisco. Tho Surprise is the pioneer of an
auxiliary fleet of schooners for the Ha
waiian-trade. Another vessel is now on
Turner's ways at Benicla for the owners
of the Surprise, and two more will be
built next year. '■. .
The Surprise is 102 feet long. 24 feet
broad and 3 feet deep. L Oder ncr auxil
iary gasoline engine s»he cam*: down irom
Uunicia yesteruay at an average rate of
eight Knots an aour. Captain norton
will commanu her, and sue will go out
loaded to the guards with genera* mer
chandise. McCnesney &, Co. of lionuiulu
are tiio agents for the new line, anu tney
expect to Handle a large quantity of sugar
next season. The Surprise will carry 150
tons of the raw material, and the new
"boat now building 2UU tons. The latter
vessel will' nave me largest gasulino en-
Kino ever built on this coast.
The transport Westminster, with 400
horses and mules aboard, was to have got
away for Manila last night, but was de
layed owing to some of the supplies not
being on hand. The vessel was towed
Into the stream last night and will get
away early this morning. Of the animals
aboard the Westminster 150 were on board
the Victoria when sho had her hard timo
on* Cape Flattery. The horses were all
more or less injured and bad to be landed
at Seattle. Alter recuperating the ani
mals were sent here by rail arid put
aboard the Westminster.
Captain McLeod. formerly master of tho
ship James Nesmith, goes to Honolulu on
the steamer Marlposa next Wednesday
to take command of the ship Henry 11.
Hyde. The latter vessel was recently pur
chased by the California Shipping Com
pany along with the Flint fleet and Is one
of the tint American ships afloat to-day.
She Is on her way from New York to
Honolulu, and Captain McLeod expects to
find her there on his arrival. The Hyde
is considered the best vessel in the new
company's fleet, and there was consider
able wirepulling among the ship captains
of the concern to secure her. The plum
has fallen to Captain McLeod.
Another Captain McLeod that is playing
in luck is the late master of the brig Lur
line. He left last night for the East on
his way to Scotland to superintend the
building of a new four-masted steel bark
entine for Hind, Rolph & Co. On her com
pletion Captain McLeod will bring her out
hero and run her in the Island and Aus
tralian trade.
The bark Roderick Dhu sails to-day for
Hllo. Captain Johnson Is a great favorite
With the traveling public, and in conse
quence the vessel cannot carry all the
passengers who want to sail on her.
Every inch of sleeping accommodation is
taken on this occasion, and the vessel
could not carry another ounce of freight.
Besides all this sho carries a large deck
load of mules.
The fate of the bark Colusa has at last
been ascertained, a dispatch to the Mer
chants' Exchange yesterday stated that
she had been abandoned near Sitka. but
that all hands were saved. The vessel
must have been driven away out of her
course, and becoming unmanageable
drifted ashore.
The harbor police are gradually arrest
ing all the members of the Rung of "wharf
rats" that has infested the water front
for months. Sergeant Ellis. Detective
Reynolds and Oflicer Cavanaugh captured
William Ryan. William Golden and Jo
seph Bantry yesterday and charged them
with robbery. The thieves used a small
skiff, which they hid under the wharves
when not in use. and got away with hides,
tallow, canned Roods and all kinds of gen
oral merchandise from the wharves along
the front. Santry is nald to be the ring
leader of the gang and Ryan his first lieu
tenant.
and gave some of her attention to the
management of the grocery.
The other day the daughters were hor
rllied to overhear their mother conclude
an arrangement with a Portuguese named !
Manuel Morris by which the latter was
to receive $10 for murdering her husband.
Morris was told to hide In the stable loft
and at night when Sllva ascended to gel
feed for his horses. Morris waj to knock
him on the head with a heavy club.
The daughters Informed their father of
the plot they had overheard and EUlva
proceeded to hunt up Morris. From the
latter he secured an acknowledgement
that he had been asked to perform the
gruesome job. Sllva reported the matter
to the acting Chief of Police and the lat
ter, satisfying himself that Morris did
not desire to carry out Mrs. Silva's
wishes, advised Silva to go Into hiding
for a few days so that development might
be watched.
Yesterday Morris reported to Mrs. Silva
that he had dispatched her husband ac
cording to orders and Mrs. Bllva was
more than delighted, saying that she
would givo him the promised $40 as soon
as she could go to the bank and draw it
Mrs. silva had some doubts, however, for
she told Morris that she wanted to be
come thoroughly convinced of her hus
band's death before she parted with the
coin. She added that after the death had
been established she would come into pos
session of her husband's ranch, which
would enable her to give Morris a bonus
for his deed.
Since Silvan absence from the store
Mrs. Sllva has not once Inquired as to
his whereabouts nor evinced the slivhtext
concern in him. the thought that he was
duly dead appearing to satisfy her. The
case is about as hard a one as the. local
police have had to wrestle with, but there
appears to be good ground for the belief
that Mrs. Sllva's murderous thoughts
have had their origin In some strange and
unsuspected dementia.
EUGENE DET7FREY DIVORCED.
His Wife Proves That He Failed to
Provide for Her.
Florence L.. Deuprey was granted a di
vorce yesterday from Eugene N. Deu
prey. who attained considerable fame as
the defender of W. H. T. Durrant. the
murderer of two girls in the noted belfry
case. Judge Daingerfleld granted the
decree on the ground of failure to pro
vide. Mrs. Deuprcy's complaint for di
vorce was filed after the County Clerk's
office was closed for general business Fri
day night. . The papers were scaled, and
yesterday morning the case was called
for hearing. Mrs. Deuprey. In the nat
ural order of •. things, was the first wit
ness. She testified that her husband hal
for some time past neglected to provide
her with the necessaries of life. Several
witnesses were called to corroborate her
statements, and the court was satisfied
In addition to granting Mrs. Deuprey a
divorce on the ground named the court
awarded her the custody of her four
minor children.
FREDERICK HESS' ALMANAC
Splendidly Printed and Illustrated
Work Containing Much Valu
able Information.
The California almanac for 1900 i(n>ue<!
by Frederick Hess of the CaJifornla Dem
ckrat Publishing Company has made its
appearance. The altnan.ir contains a !a«*ro
amount of valuable information, includlnc
special articles by Dr. Ji H. Behr. Charles
Bundschu, Max Brrgheim. I>r. Frtedrlch
Karl Castlehun. Hans I>ai.is. y Dresel'
U. Claucn, I'rof. s>or Julli:k Goebel Pro
frssor f;. Husmaim. H yon Konsky Pro
• Ix>uis LJuer, Bd Zschlesche' Pro
fenor W. Zimmcrmann and others' The
tvpngrraphlc.nl work In splendifl
anrt the illustrations, whirl, art- "numerous
are of exceptional excellence. This U .;■
pedally tru- t the half-tone Illustration
representing the grand parade in honor of
the return of the First California Volun
teer Rfßiment. by Methfe K s»M. repro.lucvi
from Trie Call. The almanac Is printed on
heavy extra glazed calendared paper, and
is a valuable and commendable produc
tion.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SPECIAL
SALE
HOUSEKEEPING
LINENS^
This week we will place on sale
12 CASES of extra quality HOUSE-
KEEPING LINENS, consisting of
TABLE DAMASKS, TABLE DAM-
ASK SETS, NAPKINS, TOWELS
and CRASHES,
These linens will be sold much
less than present values, The cloths
are from % yards to 5 yards in
length, All the newest designs, and
all the cloths have napkins to match.
see oun window display of above goods.
Blankets and Sheetings less than present
mill Drices,
STOITE WILL KEMAIN Of EN SATURDAY EVENINO,
DECEMBE/t 30. UNTIL /O O'CLOCK.
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
"HOOT MONS" IN
THE MERRY DANCE
Greenway in Tan * 'Knick
ers" Leads the Golf
Cotillon.
THE golf cotillon, the flrst affair of
its kind in this Western metropolis,
was a merry success and ths pa
tronesses are receiving congratula
tions from all who were fortunate enough
to attend either as participants or specta
tors.
The affair took place at Cotillon Hall
yesterday afternoon and was modeled
afttr a similar affair that was one of the
soc-la.l successes of last year's New York
Beason. Golf costume was supposed to be
de rigueur. but although all of the fairer
sex obeyed the law to the letter many of
the nun shied at the "knickers" and came
in business suit instead.
It was originally intended that the la
dles wear white pique golf dress, relieved
by a crimson tie and sash. Many broke
away, though, from the details of the cos
tume, and varied the ilres-s by wearing
colored skirts and having the shirt waist
of silk or shilling satin. The effect of
Urn whole, however, was pretty in the
extreme. G >tillon and
a!so, for that matter, in the fashion of
lie was In n-Rulatlon golf COStamfl
of a natty tan shade and his shanely
nether extremities were encased in bril
liant golf hosiery. His tit- w.is pink, his
low ■noes a brilliant orange and alto
gether he was dellcloualy "rsinbowy." It
was intended that the dance begin at 3
o'clock. The guests us usual, however,
were late in arriving, and It was 1 nXn X
past 4 before the cotillon began. Four
ligures were danced, all new and original,
with a decidedly golfy flavor to them all.
Those in the first set were: Miss Edith
Preston. Wartnlnffton Ames. Miss The
vsr> Morgan. Norris Davis. Miss Ethyl
Hager, Willard Drown. Miss Florence
Josselvn. E. C. Sessions, Miss Isabel Kit
tle. Mr. Carrlgan. Miss Olive Holnrook.
A. Stone. Miss Mary (Greenwood Josselyn.
Mr. Cadwalader. falsa Elizabeth Ames.
Dr. Elrlght. Miss Ruth McNutt. Frank
Goad. Mlsh Adelaide Murphy and Max
McNutt.
The patronesses of the affair were:
Mrs. Pelham Ames, Mrs. E. J. Preston.
Mrs. W. P. Morgan. Mrs. Charles Josse
lyn, Mrs. S. G. Murphy. Mrs. W. F. Mc-
Nutt. Mrs. John Kittle. Mrs. E. J. Mc-
Cutcheon and Miss Huger.
SHOT HIMSELF WHILE
CRAZED WITH DRINK
GEORGE ROGAN ENDED A SPREE
WITH A BULLET.
He Was Only Twenty-Two Years Old
and Was the Nephew of Mrs.
James Cart, a Becent Widow.
George J. Rogan, 22 years old. ended
a debauch yesterday morning by shoot
ing himself through tho right side, the
weapon being a 45-caliber frontier revol
ver.
The act of suicide was committed in
the room occupied by Rogan In the build
ing at 2728 Sutter street, In which Is a
saloon conducted by the widow of James
Carr as a roadhouso or wayside resort
Mr. Cart expired suddenly of heart dis
ease last September, and since his death
the place has been continued by Mrs
Carr. Rogan is a nephew of hers and
had been dissipating very much during
the past few weeks. He had been In
charge of the cigar store In the building
but since the beginning of his last spr.-."
he had not been allowed to attempt to
do any business there. H.« was brought
homo In a hack yesterday morning very
much Intoxicated, and at 9:30 o'clock hi
took the revolver from behind the bar
in the saloon and swing to his room shot
himself. ,
The door of Mrs. Carr's room Is op
posite that of Rogan's and he staggered
across the hallway and knocked at her
door. When Mrs. Parr opened it he told
her that he had shot himself, and then
with a piercing scream, fell tO the floor
in a pool of blood.
He died la a tew momenta. The follow
ing note, said to be in Koran's hand
writing was produced at the inquest yes
terday afternoon:
_ December 23. "93.
Dear Aunt— l will never see you strain
but hope you will forgive me for ail th»
wrongs done to you. Your nephew
__ , O. J ROOAN.
The Jury returned a verdict of suicide
A Talk on Temperance.
Mrs. Lucy Thurman. the great colored
temperance worker, will speak at the
Starr Kinr African M. E. Church, f*
Stockton street, at 3 p. m. to-day. Mr*.
Thurman !s a fine speaker. She Is also
the national representative of th«
Romans Christian Temperance Union,
one Is one of the foremost women of her
race In America.
_^^^ ADVEBTISEMENTS.
PEERLESS™"
OIL COMPANY
Our property conjlstt of l«o acre* of pattatM
land 'n the h*art ° Kern River ** tX *' M '
ready there are
SEVENTEEN IMrOftTANT WELLS
In our immediate vicinity and ther» art
no DRY MOLES IN THE DISTRICT.
PEERLESS WELL No. I
Haa been casei through the water aand and la
Down 300 Feet.
AT PEERLESS WELL No. 2
. A DERRICK 13 UP.
A. STANDARD RIG
? beinjr erects and drlllin« will b*sin within
prle* atove"* W« have not 7et ■ dv » oc » 1 w
price above
ONE DOLLAR PER SHARE.
Call for Pro«T>»~tut. Map and Report*.
DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS-
J n H>' T M iJ VrIOHTV rlOHT - PrasldMM
OiTiCE ß^eBgvg £s i ggAaga. mM
CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIME.
" ■J&^fc QSS^BjBKRIO'
Please accept this rattan chair
as a New Year's gift. Pay $5
as it suits your convenience,
and you will be highly pleased
with your purchase.
THE J. NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
1017-1033 MISSION STREET.
ribov* Slxtt).
Tin* Death 14. Ofta n[%<t .
Send for New Illustrated Catalog.Pages 21 to 28
SAUCE FOR THE GOOSE
IS
SAUCE FOR THE GANDER
DRAMATTS PERSONAE.
MRS. POLLY TICKLE-A femaJe lawyer.
leader ot the Central BquaJllty Club.
r!IES KEYES-Her typewriter.
MRS. BELLA KNIGHTLY-An Injured
£°77 ii * rl ' .f*s*. f *s*' <1 oat oatoa t0 Vt "e«-ance by the
GRAFTON KNIGHTLY-Hcr husband, a
rubbernecking commercial traveler.
JVTXSE FOGDEX-Ui the Superior Court
in Noakland.
FKINNEM AND ' -Attorneys and
Iricr.ds ot the court.
CLERK- •
JjAILIKF.
ilnsbcrs cf the Squalllty Club, hackmen
and court attaches.
Scene I— Exterior of the Knightly resi
dence. Time— something after the hours
recognized as wee tma' In the sasslety
i lumss. The wind howls. There are
dark rings under the eyes of the man in
ti\« raooa. Kemlnlno voices heard from
•fc.tbcut.
CHORUS.
Oh. *« (nic) go'zne till th' mornln"!
We'll <hie) gome till th' morn (hlc)l
We'll cot so (hlc> till th* (hie) 'ing!
Till day (hie. hir) appear!
For »• are Jolly good fellows!
Zat'a v.n.l all of 'em tell us.
Scrrem up in the next alley!
(Enter a procession of hacks, stopping
lr. front of the Knightly residence. Sirs.
Kr.lghtly. Mrs. Tickle. Miss Keyes and
eu»er members ot the Central Squalllty
can bo recognized In the wan moonlight
«f> they are helped out by the hackmen.
Kach lady insists on paying the farts of
t.;. At the end of half an hour they have
not agreed on the silver question and the
r.n^kmen. shaking their lists, drive off.
M.-b. Tickle linen up the ladie* for the
kick-cS;.
RECITATIVE.
Mr*. T.— Raise your hands! (they Co)
Aud fewear by that round moon
that you—
Others— "We 4o! we do!
Mrs. T.— That you'll be true unto the
club;
The vows you've taken there!
Others-* We do! we do!
Mrs. T.— Swear that you'll nightly do
the line
Despite the court M any
Judge's £se!
Other*— We do!
Mrs. T.— *Tis well!
Look bleary eyed; let down
your BBJI hair!
Oth«r» (doing as requested)— How's
that?
Mrs. T.— *Tl^ pawing well; affect a va
<-.-.-•? stare. Like this.
(Mrs. T. sets example. All leer at the
xr.an In the mocn till he becomes cockeyed
Trying to wink at them all at once. Mrs.
Knightly mounts steps to the door. While
nhe is trying to open It with a champagne
cork, others group around Mrs. Tickle
en the sidewalk).
BONG AND CHORUS.
lira. T.— claim that a woman can do
as she thinks.
Provided she's living In Noakland!
Car. go out with the girls and
raise all sorts of Jinks —
AH— Provided phe's living in Noakland!
Mrs. T. — She can crawl home at 3 and
go calmly to bed;
Needn't Bleep In the hallway in
Imminent dread
Of a brute of a husband that
snores overhead—
. Tonypccß
AH— Provided she's living In Noakland!
Provided she's living La Noakland!
Provided uhe's llvtag in Noakland!
She ran sing or say "fudge"
]n contempt of a Judge.
Provided she'n living In Noakland!
Mr*. T.— Her husbaxid may threaten to
Xt t a divorce.
All— And Ifave her grass widowed In
Noakland!
Mrs. T.— Sb« glv*s him the ha-ha and
fays. "Why. of courw*." *'
All— lf you think you can get it in Noak
]a.nd **
Mrs. T.—
*"V\"hat havo you ben doing?" the poor
I man may y<>ll:
"Were you out gallivanting with some
howling swell?
It's none of my business?" and "Go plumb
to— wcol7* #
A!:— Ar.d he would. If It wasn't in N^ak
land.
He would If !t wasn't In NoaJtland!
He would If It wasn't In NoaJt:and!
•
Boi
If he knew that it wasn't in No.ikland!
i Mr? Ttt r 'hers on the sidewalk
•m-ir.-urm. Mrr- Knightly
llri mrls. I can't open that
■ d d'->or. I've lost my bunch of
ry a hairpin, dear.
T.— A hairpin'
•rodrien, unemanoii*,, - may
Ten th;- --rs of
:b, never'
it's up to me now.
--s.)
:v.an should not wander from her own
A-leavlr.p hubby peacefully to snore,
3 at night,
• n there's not a cop in sight,
And phe'p lost the bunch of keyholes to
the
Other*—
Now that the fact you mention.
It is worthy of attention—
Every girl should carry keyholes to her
dc-r
MIS ESCAPE
CMrs. Knightly weeps.)
Mrs. T. tEoornfully)— Tear*, huh! Just
like a man. They always weep In thtlr
cups. ■ ;■» It! Keep it up!
Mrs. X.-Oh. dear, what shall I do? He's
got me locked out.
Other?— What shall we do, you mean;
he's. locked us out. Your husband's a
brute.
Mrs. —I know It. but I loved that
mvii onre. I used to Pit at that window
night ufter night and listen for his foot
steps on the midnight air.
Others— You did? How romantic!
Mrs. T.— Oh. stow that guff!
Mrs. K.— Yos. it was romantic, but he
even took that out of my <.:{»: He took to
wearing rubber heels.
Other?— Brute! Brute! Brute!
Mr*. X— And so I sued him for divorce—
with what result you know.
Others— \V«» do!
Mrs. Tickle— The man that would crush
a woman's heart with a rubber heel should
be shot.
Mrs. X.— Oh. he was half-shot all the
time.
(Earthquake shock.)
Mrs. Tickle— l wish we didn't have to
wait for the milkman. I'll get Into that
house to-night If I have to wait till next
week to do it. No man ever circumvented
me. Woman will triumph In the end if
she will only act. Turn, ladies, to page 39
of the Squallity Club's Christmas souvenir
and read for yourselves.
(All go into their clothes and produce
email books, the leaves of which they turn
till their eyes rest on page 29. Mrs. Tickle
strikes an attitude.)
Mrs. T. (addressing her typewriter)—Be
#n. Miss Keycs.
THE -WICKED FLEA.
The wicked flea, when man pursueth
Doth gayly flit
From spot to spot.
You think you know just what he doeth;
But you do not.
All-
No, you do not!
Mis* Keyes—
On workaday and, eke. the Sabbath
From toll he 'bateth
No single Jot!
Into man's hide his bill he jabbeth
Until it's a la
Polka dot.
All-
Until it's a la polka dot.
Miss Keyes—
Between man's shoulder-blades he staketh
A spot beyond
Man's utmost reach
And there hi* thirst for gore he slaketh.
Oh, he's a
Clingstone peach.
All—
Oh. he's a clingstone peach.
Miss Keye«—
Mayhap one day his head ezpandeth;
He fancies he'll
Go down the line.
Takes Just one hop and straightway
litndeth 'i":V
Upon a female
Form divine.
All—
Upon a female form divine.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1899.
"•^ «jVy /Twrrt»*»
JOSEPH B CASSELL
Miss Keyes—
The moment that Its owner feeleth
That flea's Initial
Bite and sup
Her outer duds she straightway peeleth
And
Doth him up.
All (dancing^—
Her duds she straightway pee'.eth
And
Doth him up.
Mrs. T.— All together, whoopee!
All—
Whisky, wow. wow!
Who arc we we?
Husky women
On the warpath.
Wow*! wee! wow! wow!
(Window In second story is run up with
a hang. Knightly with lamp In hand ap
peara In It. drawing back as they eaten
sight of him.)
Mrs. X.— Hello, Grafton. h'ar ye? Jos'
co' 'ome from th' club. Whoopee! Trow
down th' key! I've lost the combination!
Mr K. — Well, go lose those women—
peat! scat!— and I'll let you In. (Aside.)
And to think 1 loved her once! That I
love her still— the stiller the better.
DUET.
Knightly—
For love of her I've borne all Ills
That human flesh is heir to!
I've paid her millinery bills
And had debilitating chills
For weeks succeeding thereto.
Cold feet at night against my spine.
Of them I've had my share, too—
And still I have to call her mine
Although 1 don't much care to!
Mrs. X-
For love of me, night after night
He's gone I don't know where to—
To meet some fair Amalekite
And come home looking such a sight
And crosser than a bear, too! .
Blonde hairs I've found upon his coat-
Not mine, and that I'll swear to.
Of course I should upon him dote.
But then I don't much care to.
Both—
Oh, is It right, night after night
he
That should get so very tight
she
And rear and tear and swear, too?
If this keeps up I'll pack my grip
woman
And from this cruel skip.
husband
To go. I don't know where to!
RECITATIVE.
Mrs. X.— Ahoy, there, mate, let fall the
key!
X.— To let that rabble In? Not me!
Not on your death certificate:
If they come In. why, I'll—
Mrs. T.— Go to
X.— what?
Others— to— to a hotel!
X.— Well, If I must, here goes.
Just give me time to dive Into my
clothes.
down key. for which they
:•!».-. I If- disappears while they run
• door and up<*n it. He look's out
again.)
X.— Heavens, they'll be after me In a
minute. I'll make my escape as I am.
(Disappears again as the women pile in
the door slngi: |
There are whiskers on the moon.
Which Indicate, we think.
It is our time, or will be soon.
To take another drink.
(K. Ims down rope from window, and
clad as he is In his pajamas descend?, the
moon discreetly mn-kiiiK behind a va
tfr.im cloud. Heads of his wife and the
■ appear at window he has just left.
- Mng to hlm:»
Oh, don't come home till th' mornln'.
Oh, don't come home till th' mornln'.
Please- don't come home till th* mornln'.
Till daylight doth appear.
K. (Running for his life)— You bet your
life I won't.
(Curtain of tog.)
SCENE 2— Superior Courtroom in Noak
land. Bailiff, clerk and other court at
taches discovered.
CHORUS.
If you've a knotty legal question
That ha? put you up a stump.
Or has cost you your digestion
And has given you a hump.
That worries you throughout the day
And haunts you In your sleep.
Just put it now. and right away
We'll solve it for you cheap.
(Enter Doem and Skinn- m. arm in arm,
dancing.)
DUET.
We're Skinnem and Doem.
We do a big practice according to law.
Though some say the fact Is our work is
too raw!
We summon and sue 'em.
We rack 'em ami screw 'em.
And the:. we go through em
To hold them in awe.
We're great on divorces.
We serve them, nine courses,
Among our resources
Are Co-R's'of straw.
Our greatest achievement
[i certain retrievement
Of any one' 6 runaway mother-in-law;
For Bkinm m and Doem.
Should you ever come to 'em.
Will trace her to Halifax just by her Jaw!
(Dance gayl! arm in arm.)
(Whirring no!.«e is heard. All eyes aie
turned toward the bench In time to see a
trap open In the tloor. out of which Judge
Fogden Is shot toward the ceiling. With
robes outspread he hovers over the scene,
gradually settling Into his chair. Clock
etrlkts 10.)
CHORUS OF LAWYERS AND AT
TACHES.
Here's the Judge, and he's a corker.
Answers riddles like a sphinx;
Though he's not a ready talker
He is always thinking thinks.
He'll reel you off a law report.
Just like a tinker's curse —
If not a court of last resort,
His rulings might be worse.
Bailiff (rapping with his gavel)— Hear
ye! Hear ye! Hear ye!
The hon'ble scoprureurcourtforallermed-
Isnow
In session.
RECITATIVE.
Judge Fogden— Oh, learned clerk, an
nounce
The legal bill of fare.
What's on the docket?
Clerk— The cases there
Are all. of course-
Judge — Say not; say not
Clerk— Are all divorce!
Doem and Skinnem— Of course, they are
divorce.
Judge —
I 'most despair of change,
As I'm a sinner;
Divorce for breakfast, same for lunch.
And ditto dinner,
Is diet like to give a dog the mange!
SONG— Judge.
Time was. and not so long ago,
When a decree, a vinculo.
Was simply out of question.
All Judges, singly and In bank.
In holy horror rightly shrank
From any such suggestion.
All
in holy horror rightly shrank
From any such suggestion.
Judge-
As time wore on there, in due course
Came kingly yearnings for divorce,
And Judges knuckled under.
'Twas but a step. then, to unhitch
The maritally jaded rich
That pungled up the plunder.
All-
The maritally Jaded rich
Soon pungled up the plunder.
Judge —
For years the poor man had no show,
No court would hear his tale of woe
And conjugal affliction;
Until in this, our happy clime.
Divorce Is gained In record time
Without the least restriction.
All-
Divorce is gained In record time
Without the least restriction.
Judge—
The reason is not far to seek:
A Judge at so much coin per weelj
Cannot make any great objection.
When voters crowd pell-mell to court
To file their suits and vow support
To him before election.
Ail-
To file their suits and vow support
To him before election.
Judge— Oh. I'm sick of divorces. When I
got rid of that Knightly case 1 thought
Clerk— With all due respect to your
Honor, we haven't got rid of the Knightly
case.
Judge— What's that?
Clerk— lt's here right in front of me—
first case on the docket.
I'o. m— Yes. we Died It again this morn
ing, your Honor— me and Skinnem.
Judge— Holy Moses! What for?
Skinnem— For what was in it!
Doem — Yes, your Honor, and for a di
vorce.
Judge — But I refused to grant It the
other day.
Skinnem— lf you will remember, your
Honor, you refused plaintiff a divorce.
Judge — Yes, and I'll refuse her again.
I' em— lf not a her this time. It's a
him. We've reversed the parties. Our
client is Mr. Knightly; he is seeking a
divorce this time.
(Enter Knightly.)
Skinnem— here he Is.
(Knightly gets on his knees to Implore
the court.)
ARlA— Knightly—
A tale of jroe I would relate
Of woe and villainy;
Of man -Irserted by his mate
From eight each night till half-pas
three-
Till half-past three next morning.
When the cock-a-doos are due
And the rosy dawn's adorning
All the landscape then In view.
This tale of woe I would relate
And woman's perfidy;
Of Mrs. K. cut on a skate
She nightly brings to me.
I ask her where she's been; she says
She doesn't have to tell;
Advises me, to my amaze.
To go
Poem— go —
Skinnem— To go—
Knightly— Advises me, to my amaze,
To go to
Judge— To go to—
Knightly— To go to— a hotel.
All— she replies.
To 'us surprise.
To co to a ho-tel!
The court is visibly affected.
ENSEMBLE.
Judge—
The briny tear at such a tale of woes
Unbidden wells to testify my grief;
I feel it slowly trickling down my no««>—
I— l— (Feels in his pockets)
Oh. demmit all!
I've lost my handkerchief!
(Bobs In his hat.)
Pages 21 to 28
Doera and Sklnnem—
We summon at the very first attempt
The vagrant tear from out the briny
deep—
Tou surely will not fin* us for contempt
If we should also weep a little weep.
(Sob !n their sleeves.)
Clerk-
Forgive me for the sob I can't repress;
Forgive me if I, too, turn on the hose.
The flood of woe no longer I'll repress—
800-hoo! Here goes!
(Weeps.)
Attaches—
Oh, never s-uch a damp and dismal scene;
Oh, never such a stress of woful
weather—
With handkerchiefs our dripping eyes we
screen,
800-hooing all together!
Knightly—
If anything could drown the grief I feel
It Is such floods of sympathy as these;
But I do not think it proper to conceal
I feel the tide of tears about my knees.
All— (Sobbing loudly.)
I -hoo: boo-hoo: It's past concealing.
The tide of woe
Is rising fast unto the celling
From down below!
A TALE Of WOE
I WOULD RELATE."
With at least two feet of tears in th«»
courtroom the Judge goes into hi* desk
for a pair of rubber boots, which he dons.
The bailiff hangs out a property rainbow.
Judge (Mill tearful)— Never was L so
deeply Impressed by a pl»-a Mi all my
career on the bench. (Prepares to put on
the black tan.) The plaintiff Is an Injured
husband ana, being about to adjourn, I
hereby make an order granting mm a
div—
Voice (from without)— Stay! (All eyes
are turned In direction of door
through which Mrs. Polly Tickle rows
In ■ Whitehall. Following In other bouts
are Mrs. Knightly. Miss Keyes and mcTi
b»TS of the Central BqualUty Club. They
fine as they cruise about the courtroom,
shaking; lists at the plaintiff.)
CHORUS.
Wicked man. do not deceive us—
Unprotected females we!
Why and wherefore did you leave us
This a. m. at three?
Come, confess that you're a sinner—
That you feel some slight remorse!
Court again your wife and win 'er;
Seek :;o more divorce.
ARIA— Mrs. X.— |
Fear ye not a woman's fury? '
Pray not to i.
Put your trust in Judge or Jury!
Love me true.
Please, oh, please, begin to court me!
Promise, love, you will support me!
I love you! ;
How 1 love you!
Knightly is about to yield, but is re
strained by his attorneys. Ladles flirt
with the Judge and attaches and sing:
Please, oh, please, begin to court us!
Promise, loves, you will support us!
Promise true!
We love- you!
RECITATIVE.
Judge (addressing Mrs. Tickle)— Well,
madam?
Mrs. T —
I pray, deny this application for divorce.
Don't cut the Uordian knot, great Alex
ander! > '.'■
For should you hold your latest ruling
still In force. • :
Sauce for the goose Is sauce for the
gander!
All-
Great Alexander,
If that thy ruling's still in force.
Sauce for the goose Is sauce for the gan
• ■ der.
Judge (scratching his head)— You
mean—?
Mrs. T. — I mean that If you still hold
that a married man can stay out nights
without explaining to his wife, and with
out fear of divorce, the woman has the
same rights. :■:'-■
Judge— Oh. that's a horse of another
color. It is not good for a woman to stay
out nights.
Mrs. T. (dramatically)— On that point
your Honor, allow me to submit an argu
ment. It is different from those you gen-
rally hear, by reason of the fact that it
is based not on what ha? happened but
on what may happen. It Is not hurled In
legal archives. It Is fresh from the print-
Ing press. It i* the philosophy of Mr*
Charlotte Worklns Stepson, the advance
agent of the New Deal. All the girls know
It by heart. Here it is:
SONG ANT' CHORUS.
Once,
Once.
Once.
Once,
Once upon a t!m*.
So the dear M stories go.
So the anclrnt hlst'rles show,
A villain did a crime!
A villain did a crime!
A maiden, young and innocent.
Deep in a donjon keep he pent.
Then fled to foreign clime!
All—
A maiden, young and lnnocent t
Deep in a donjon keep h* pent.
Then fled to foreign clime.
Mrs. T.-
Years,
Years,
Tears.
Tear*.
Tears this mniden spent.
First she tore hi;r r.tvon hair.
Then pave way to wild despair—
The- villain paid the rent:
He scorned to owe a cent-
Deep wrinkles In her face made way;
She grt-w decidedly passce;
The fates would not relent.
All-
Deep wrinkles In her far* made way;
She grew decidedly passee;
The fates would not relent.
Mrs. T.-
Then,
Then.
Then.
Then.
An Impresario
Pity took on her sad lot.
Hired her upon the spot
On the road to go
With his ballet show.
And for a hundred thousand nights
She made a hit in purple tights
A-singing "Ho-heigh-ho:"
All—
And for a hundred thousand nights
She made a hit In purple tights
A-slnglng "Ho>helgh-ho!"
Judge-
Now, really, how peculiar
That any pretty muller
Such awful tribulations should have had
to undergo:
A villain tlm to frighten her
And then to purple tighten 'er
For one night stands forever la a gaudy
ballet show.
All-
A villain first to frighten "er
And then to purple tighten 'er
For oi. •• night stands forever In a gaudy
ballet show!
RECITATIVE.
Judge —
Madam, you've won your case; there's
nothing to It.
I made a great decision once- and now I
rue It!
Others— Ho made a great decision once
and now doth rue it!
Judge —
No more I'll widen leaks In true- love's
catchment.
Instead nt decrees of divorce I'll issue —
Doem and Sklnnem— Hear! Hear!
Juds*"— Instead of divorce, issue writs
of attachment!
(Mrs. Tickle rows to the Judge ami
throws her arms about him. Mr*.
Knightly embraces her husband. Mis*
Keyes and other members of the lallity
Club don't do a thing but hug the court
attaches. Doem and Sklnnem take ad
vantage of the E«"n«ra! bll.«*s to go through
all 'he pockets In sight, singing:
Of Sklnnem and I • .. m
The work may be raw.
We summon and «•> 'em
And rack 'em and screw '•m
And gently go through 'era
According to law:
Court attaches catch the busy lawyer*
and drown them Instanter. Judge gets In
boat with Mrs. Tickle. Mm. K. with X..
while attaches and lady club members
pair In their boats. They row in proces
sion toward the door. all singing:
FINALE.
Some people In Frisco may say. '"What
the deuce!
"Is virtue triumphant in Noakland?
"Is sauce for the gander the same for the
goose.
"Since virtue's triumphant in Noak
land?"
No longer are husbands at sixes and flvwi
"With th» dearest and sweetest and neatest
of wives —
"Who cares if his mother-in-law arrives.
Providing he's living in Noakland?
(Exeunt In time to see the Justice on th«
dome take off her bandages to wink at a
passing policeman.)
(Curtain.)22
c;=; INKERS, theater parties and
Vk!uncJi«-ons followed In rapid suc
ij.HWion during the past week and
jl —^:he outlook for the week to come
is equally brilliant- The present Indica
tions are that the old yrar will go out
in a blaze of social glory and that the
opening of the new centurjl will be
marked by a F.»rlo S of elaborate affairs.
On Fril»y evening the Friday Fort
night lys c>ve thfir Christmas cotillon
ami the aflair was markedly succcfslul
In a week crammed full of elegant af
fair*. Mlr-s Sarah Collier led. with Mr.
King as her partner. The ngurcs were
pntty an-1 the whole entertainment a re
markably merry and pretty one.
They're Engaged
The engagement Is announced of Miss
Amelia Bloom of San Jose to E. H. Levy
of San Francisco.
Cards are out for the wedding of Miss
Lottie l^anret to Emar Goldberg, which
will take place at Golden Gate Hall on
New Year's day. „.,,.
The engagement reception of Miss Millie
Friedmaii ar.d Nathan Kerry will take
r!ac<- to-day at the residence of the pros
pective brl<U\ 121 Kuss street, between the
Lours of 2 and 3 p. m.
The engagement is announced or Miss
Bt< !!a Kobln. daughter of Mr. and Mr*. A
llobln. to Achllle Bonn. They will receive
DeoemlH-r 21 ut <510 A Fourth stic-et from -
to i> o'clock. .
Announcement has been made of the
rasaccraent of Miss <Vrtrude Itosenthal
and Joseph iWooda. They will receive
Monday. January l. X*". from 2 to 4 p. m..
ut their residence, 6lu Franklin Mre«t.
Itosenthal will l>e assisted in receiv
ing her guest» by her sister. Mis« Blruie
H Tlje nt enga+r«ment of J. W. Pettce and
Miss Emily Plsiolesl is announced.
The vngaK»>m<nt ls annnunred of Miss
Etella Itomn. daughter of Mr. ;uid Mr^. A.
Kobln. to A.-hlll" H-nn. They will receive
December 31. at CIOA Fourth street, from
t to I o'clock.
Wedding Bells
La*t Saturday at the home of Mr. and
Mr>. A. Kaiser cf Wc*t Oakland occurred
tho wedding of their youngest daughter.
Augusta, to William Bramstedt of San
KiatKiMO. The bride w:.s attired in a
white t-atin dress trimmed with mousse
line de ?olt>. end carried mill to orange
blossoms. Her bridesmaid was Miss Til
lie Luhmenson of San Francisco, while
t"*rl Luhm*nson of San Francisco acted
as best man. Promptly at >>:.>o p- m.
l>ewey'M Javorlte march. "I nuer the
l»oubi'«<- Eagle." broiihln lli« young couple
tonor.B the assemble.l K u.-sis In the parlor.
wh,i.- Rev. Mr. Thless ot the ueiman
Lutheran Church performed on impres
sive ceremony. Many beautiful preaenu
wtrc iic.iv,-,). Atrad showers of rice the
TV w ly nwrri.-d couple took their departure
Cor the south and ceutrul part of the
SMS M t |*s Minnie H. Danly and H. 6pencer
McCurdv w»re married Thursday evening.
December U; at the home of tha brio*.
252 Union street. Alarueda. Rev. J. .N.
Heard of San Francisco officiating. The
wedding wan v quiet one. only the imme
diate rtlativ. s and friends of the couple
Nine present. Mr. and Mr*. McCurdv
will be at home aft< r January U at their
residence. 1477 Mls-sion street, iaji I ran
cisco.
A very pr~tty wedding took place en
Saturday < v.nlng. Decrmtier S. at Notre
Dame <le"s Vlctolres (French church). *hi>n
MJks Agnes M. Chapdelaine. .laughter <>f
Mr and Mrs. Jus. ph Chapdelain«\ vus
married to John G. Drtnnan. The Rev.
Superior Father R. F. Hnm<-t performed
the ««n-m<>iiy. He addressed the happy
couple a r:d bes-towed on them hi* bless
ing for thrir future llv.s. The sanctuary
van lit up with numberless candles, while
the main altar wan adorned with roses*.
The t ride was Mttlnd in an exquisite.
*own of white duchess satin. H« r veil
vac caught i:n with oranue blossoms an<i
her ornaments wt-ic pearls. She carried
a bnuqu.-t of brides* rot-cs. She was at
tended by her t«isUr. Miss Hose Alma
Chapd« latm • ,
A \<ry pretty wedding ffit« sol^mnlted
i,t Pi. "Rose's Church on the 19th ult..
wh.n Ifv. Father Dennis Nugent the
parish 3-rricFt. united Miss Eliiabeth Rush
r<t San FrandSCO and Matthew Hughes
( ,f !Jakrrfctl«ld. The liride. a well-known
and v. ry popular Native Daughter, was
bnrn In San Francis* o. and is th<- daugh
ter of an nM-tlme Californian. She is a
mcm»«r of Minerva I'arlor Nn. 2. N. D.
<i. \V.. the Mrm parlor orßanizod In San
FranoJsTo. and has always taken an ac
tive i-Mrt In the order; ul*o an active
worker in the Native Daughters Red
CroKb Aid of California. The bride tn
tei.-d th«- church with her cousin. M. I.
ltu«h. who was the groom's best man.
Mt-s Mary lV»mp.*e\\ one of the orKan
izer.s of the Native Daußhter order In San
1 "ratu l*o«! and ilnanotal Ferrrtary of Mi
tierva I'arlxr. was the ma!d'of honor.
licautlful snow-white clirys'anthemums
und fverprooi lookid v»ry pretty on the
HltarK of the church. The beautiful w< <J
«ling march wax played by Miss M. Nu
pent. the orranist of the church.
The wedding gown of the bride was a
beautiful irore white satin. The trimmings
t.f the tMidlce were lace and pearl ■'■! the
tklrt l;ad orange blossoms and pearl trim
ming. The veil fell In long, graceful .fold.-*
to the hem of the long train of the gown.
Khc- carried a large shower bouquet of
beautiful Hrldc roses on her left arm.
Mis* I»cmpvry wore a beautiful tcown of
white :41k, trimmed with rare old lace and
while fcllk chiffon. Her bouquet was of
pink roses. Many hundreds of friends
were- at the church to witness the cere
mony and extend their sincere good
wishes to the popular couple. Many
frleml!" came from the * unrounding towns.
Ban Jose. Oakland. Vallejo. San Anselmo
hnd Sonoma. Many members of the- Na
tive Daughters order were present to wish
happiness and long life and say good-by
to the bride. The groom I* a popular and
well-known rnun in San Bernardino.
Hlverrlde nnd Ke.rn counties, where he
has bu^inetts interest*. The happy couple
Mil reside In UakerMleld.
Home Gatrjcrirgs.
A delightful party was tendered Miss
Mac Gilfcther J.t her r«'>ldenre on Satur-
C.»y evening. The house wns brautifully
Becorated with ferns and holly berries.
The evening was spent In games and
Sanclng, after which an elaborate supper
V.-&C served. Among the Invited gue«ts
were the Mlst-es Gilf<;ther. Anna Sherl
!an. Mollle Downer. Emma Maher. Fanny
md Minnie Judson. Zoe Keane. Emma
ll.d Nvllle Clarke, Anita Kane, Macsic
McQueeny. Fiank Byrno. Arthur Nelson.
J horn as Mahoney. l>aniel (Illfether, Al
fred lmh:iWs. Avit La Faille. Jam. » Gil.
Ji-ther. Hj-ron McDonald and Frank Lane.
Mrs. \V. T. Hooper of the Hotel Lonn
r orth gave a dinn< r in honor of Captain
L. E. McNoble uf the Alaska Exploration
Tompany and Ml«s A. M. Colby, who wer«j
married Wednesday, the 20th lust. Covers
nero laid for eight.
Mrs. F. \V. Oroudace and Miss Croud ace
rave a pink tea at their residence. 2203
hllmore street, last Thursday afternoon.
Tho*n who ussiflted In receiving were:
Mrs. Cle.nwrit Mllwand. Mrs. H. J. Ladd,
Ulss Florence Holmes and Miss Nina
tlau? on. •; % r '
A »...ii!-*warm!ii|t party was given by
Henry and George Uapselbach in honor
\i the completion. of their new home. 2329
Bryant avenue, on Saturday evening. De
lember 2. The house was beautifully dec-
Iruted and the festivities w«>re prolonged
intll the smalt hours of the morning.
Imong the guests were: Mr. and Mrs.
Setjrce Jlnp«lhach. Mr and Mrs. Duck
r*. Mrs. Dace.'. Mr. ana Mrs.. T. LaJ»>j
SOCIETY
hard. Mr. and Mrs. George Decker, Mr.
and Mrs. H. 1-abhard, Mr. and Mrß. Fri
ole. Mrs. Nissor. Mrs. Blnke, Mrs. Scharr,
Mrs. Hunkman, Mrs. Meyers. Miss Annie
Hir.k. Miss Lizzie Sengstackcr. Miss Tll
lk* Kostering, Miss Marina Labhard. Miss
Margaret uttvn. Miss Alice Smith. Miss
Mamie Hlnk. Miss Joflo Bovsen. Ml.-s
Annlo Leebrock, Miss Jennie MossbacKer,
Mi.sa Annie, lleitman, Misa A. Gudhuso,
Miss Lillian Heitman, Miss Lillian Scharr,
Ml «• Bucking. Miss Grace Labhard. Miss
Hattie Boyse. Miss Hattie Bucking, Miss
Tena Dunselman. Misa Tlllie 'LJebachle,
Mitss Dale Bucking. Miss Minnie Bucking.
A surprise party was given to Miss Elu
abeth 0. (juast on Saturday evening, !'•■
comber 16, at the home of her parents,
Vt> Dehon street. Those present were: Miss
Mary O'Keeffe. Herman (juast. Miss An
nie Hickuy. Eugene OKecffe. Miss Ger
trude Cleveland, George Banner, Mi -a
Marguerite O'Keeffe. Edward Hubt»er,
Miss Juliette Driocoll. Emery La Vallee,
Miss Alice Banner. James Welsh. Miss
l.^uie Stewart, Dun llickey, Mi -a Mary
i:cM,er, Lloyd Dlbert and Misa Kittle
.
A isumbtr of young friends wero enter
tained at the residence of Charles 11. Jen
kins Jr.. 21(5 Sanchez street. December 16.
Those present were: Mr. and Mrs. C. H.
Jenkins. Mr. and Mrs. W. P. Robin- |
* r. Mr. anil Mrs. Fred Cortage. Mrs. C. ,
P. Stout; Miss May Stout, Walter Frost, ;
Miss Mamie McMuhon. It. Brlghtsman,
Mis.s Lulu Lane, Tom Daley, Miss Katie '
Edmonds. Ed Hogan. Miss Selma Lit
tlchln. Milton Bradley.
On Tuesday. December 12. a party was
tendered to Eugene Reeves by a number '■
of his young friends at his mother's beau
tiful r«-sid«-iice. northeast corner of Second
and Bryant streets. In the handsome par
lors autumn ttow«-r8 were used for decora
ti\ • purposes; bright red berries and clus
ters of yellow chrysanthemums wire ar
rayed tastefully, with a delicate network
of greenery. Palms were arrayed
thioushuut the reception hall, where a
string orchestra discoursed many popular
and catchy airs. Amid such inviting and
pleasant surroundings the hours passed
very pleasantly in dancing, garms, vocal
nnd instrumental music, etc. About 11:30
o'clock the grand march was formed and
all repaired to the dining room, where re
freshments were served. The decorations
of this room were particularly baeutiful.
A cluster of La France roses was frozen
int. i a block of ice In the punch bowl.
Punch was served by Ben Walters and
William Gregory. Among those present
were: Mrs. 3. A. Reeves, Miss Jessie
Banker. Miss Mac Kins. Mr?. C. M.
Wadsworth, Maggie O'Learyj Marguerite
Gilibonp. Mrs. Gwin. Alice Williams, May
Harden, Ida Brown. Miss Smith. Fred
Sullivan. Benjamin Waters. Joe Harrison.
Eugtne Reeves, Clarence Johnson. A I ;
Ajdolph, Harry Walker, Howard Kwing,
William Gregory. Harry Wadsworth and
Lloyd Gwin.
A double birthday surprise }>arty was
Riven to Ml«s Mattle 1,. Perry and Paul
P. Horr.liar.lt .it the residence of Mrs. S.
K. Beard; BSS Geary street; Saturday even
ins. I 'ecember 16. Those present were
Miss M , •,. 1.. Perry. Ml>s TJHio Broy«-r.
Miss Hello Kidd. Miss Clara Greenlln,
Miss Gladys Delzelle. Mrs. R. Dowse, Mrs.
S. E. Beard, Miss Evelyn Grecnlln. Miss
Jessie A. Waerhier. Mm. S. Joell. Mlks
IVlle Mol^iren, Miss Dora Archibald.
Miss Laura M. Morgan. Miss Florence C.
Morgan, Miss Madeleine K. Waechter.
Miss Dorlnda Whitton. >!iss Mac Mason;
Paul P. Bcrnhardt. Robert I». molly.
M«Tle A. Lowry. Walter Clark. Henry
Eberspacher. Otto S. Hrlebuch. Charles
JohnVon. Ed Beard. Alfred Joell, Dock
Kbner. M D.. Richard Hunt and George
Ounn.
Madame i^eoline Daccua celebrated her
«ir.hty-.*ixth birthday <>n last Sunday; De
cember 17. surrounded by thirty-nine
ne-mbers of her family. 'I'he aged lady
w;.s born in the State of Louisiana. With
lur hus'iand and their eight children—
s« ;ih and two daughters— she arrived in
San Francisco forty years ago. Since the
death of her husband she lid- lived on
• jTarrell street with her son. Itichard T.
I'iiccus. In compliance wit! a request
made some few years ago by her that she
would .i.arly like to have a family gath
«ring of all her blood relations at her
HKhty-slxth birthday, her suns and
daughter! made t-laborate prfjuiratlons
for the event which has Just tak>n place.
The miinhtrs of the lady's family came
from all i>arts of the State. After a fam
ily dinner the party took possession of the
parlors and enjoyed the balance of the
owning in Kins.
Those present were: Richard T. Baccus.
John 15. Hacoup Mrs. C. M. Peak. Baby
Peak. Mr. and Mrs. '■ E. Gilbert John
P.acru.x, Gtorge Uaccua. Klla S. Uaecu*
Charles 8 Rosen. H. D. Rogers, J. B.
liaccua. Mr. and Mrs. J. R, Haccus Mr
and Mr.«. It. T. Raccus. LI, Baccus. Mr
and Mrs. Charles J. Baccus. Josephine
Haccus. Alfred Baccus. Stella Baccus
<;• rtie I'.accus. Mr. and Mrs. Benjamin
Baccus; Mr. and Mr*. William J. Baccus.
Clinton Baccus. Aggie Baccus; Cejia Bac
cus. Solomon Baccus. Prankli Baccus
Beecia Baccus. Robert Baccus. Mrs. Mar-.
Jiorman. Kddle Goriian. Johnnie Gorman.
\\ ih Gorman. Mary Gorman. Mr. and Mrs
J. J. O'Brien. George O'Brien. Mary
O'liri^n and Mr. and Mrs. i: Courtier.
< »n Tuehday evening. December 5, a sur
prise; party was c lv«.n to Henry Bishop
:ti his daughter's r«'.<=!d«Mic<\ 1657'™ Mission
street, it being his sev«ntieth birthday.
During the evening there were several
vocal solos and dancing and at 12 o'clock
the guests retired to the dining-room
where covers were laid for tifty. After
an hinir ?p<-nt at the table the guests re
turned to the parlor*, where dancing con
tinued until the small hours if the
morning. Those present were: Mr and
Mr«. H. Bishop, Mr and Mrs. Zeislng.
Mr. ond Mrs. Fowlle. Mr. and Mrs
Mouhr. Mr. and Mrs. Johnston. Mr. and
Mrs. Gilbert. Mr. and Mrs. Rattray. Mr
and Mrs. Steward, Mr. and Mrs. Miller,
Miss J. Connelly. Mrs Jacquot. Mrs. Bev
cpen, Mrs. Lemmc, Miss N«»conie. Miss
Myer. Mrs. Tully, Mr- Remei Miss A.
Remers. Miss B. Remer?. Mlas A. Cand
less. Ed Clark, George Cheney. Mr. Oil
ohrlKt J. Remers. H. N. Bishop. Masters
JFr&iß' lounr - A. Remeni, M. Gilbert
and D. Hind.
On Sunday evening last a birthday
party was given to Miss Minnie Hoffmann
by her parents In honor of her eighteenth
anniversary. The reception began at 9
o'clock and the guests were entertained
with music, dancing and games, which
were interrupted at 11 o'clock by a call
to supper. Covers were laid for forty.
and an hour was spent at the testal
board. Miss Minnie Hoffmann wore a
white sown trimmed with blue Th..-*»
present were: Miss Minnie Hoffmann. Mr
and Mrs. Hoffmann. Fred Hoffmann. Wll
l!nm Hoffmann. Mr. ami Mrs. 11. Thau
wald. Miss Hattlc Moors, Miss Agnes
Schumann. Mtsa B. yon Bremen. Her
mann yon Bremen. Ernest Ploeger, Oscar
Brunwlck. Miss Sophlo Luttmann Miss
Meta tmann. Miss Gretchen Beck
mann. Miss Sophie Beckmann, Miss
Amanda Klt, 11. Elmer. L. Wltt
h'irf. J. Brunkhorst. Miss Dora Rlx
Misa B. Hngcmann. H. Hagemann, Mr
and Mm. Kelly. Miss EnglehnrL Mr
Koch. Miss Emma Koch. Emll Koch. Mrs
F. Prless. Mr. and Mrs. Schllemann, Max
Schllemann. Walter Schlicmann. Charles
Voss, Miss H sis Bahla, Mrs. Meta Ecks
W. <■ Meier. William Seller, Harry K.
Thauwald.
Club Parties.
The re<ulnr monthly meeting of the
Michigan Club of California was held on
Tuesday evening, the 12th Inst.. at the
usual place. IC2I California street, the
Sorosls club building.
After being installed the president. Gen
G. LEDERER
Has the Largest Hair
Store on the Coast.
Simple cf 25 Expert Assistants.
QUINTONICA,
tne Great Hair
123 Stockton Street,
Upon Application. cc P p. City of Paris.
TIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1899.
era! W. R. Shafter. Installed the remain-
Ing officers. Then followed vocal solos by
Dr. George B. Little, accompanied by
Miss Mabel Finch; piano solos by Miss
Emille Jfhle; recitations by Miss Lillian
Quinn. Refreshments and cards finished
a muni enjoyable meeting. Among those
were: General W. R. Shafter,
Judge and Mrs. If. Cooney. Professor and
Mrs. Ellsha Brooks. Dr. and Mrs. J. E.
Cummin Mr. and Mrs. C. P. Griswold
Mr. and Mr*. E. B. Wlllcox, Mr. and Mrs.
John Qujnn. Mr. and Mr.-. 1.. D. Lufken.
Mr. and Mrs. C. J. Sullivan, Mrs. L. M.
Hartwell, Mrs. M. Ellsworth. Mrs. S. C.
Potts. Mrs K. L. Byrne. Mrs. Dugan. —a
Lillian Qtiinn. Miss Emll!.- Jehle. Miss
Mabel Pinch, Miss Susie Morse. Mi Gflr
l»V"Williams, Mil Cleone Cummings.
t^! SB Camille Byrne, Miss Edna W'lllcox.
Miss Mabel Willcox. L. A. Spencer. Dr.
George B. Little. Dr. George Compton. J.
P. Sharpsteln. N. B. Engle. C. D. Sum
re Norna Cummings.
The Colonials gave the second of their
rorles of dances Friday evening in Arca
i la .. Ha!l - Th€ thieateninc weather and
holiday business deterred many members
rrom befog present and sharing the en
joyment >f those In attendance. Among
those present were: Miss Mayme Cnan
gJfJi M£? Gr^ cc B - Fay - Mlris Emma 11.
Hicks, Miss Edith Hunsaker, Miss Gertie
Mops Mi s3 Carrie Morris. Miss Grace
Markham, Mis Luella M. Purdle. Miss
May Page. Miss Helen Robertson Miss
akm V.f^ 1 ? 1 Miss Lulu Barton. S. c
Asbill. Allen Berry. Olln L. Berry Clay
ton Bovyer. M. W. Brower. Robert Hen
derson C. F. Klmball. James Movies, F.
$*£% , ts lonI on atrous. Jr- R. P. Walte
iind Fred L. Watrous.
nTih c ™" lem1 em 5 e ff , of , the F °rtnlghtly Whist
Club were dclipht full;' entertained at the
home of Mrs Theresa Meyer last- Mon
2l y . cie i" enlns '« The first prises were
awarded tO A, Mrs - Broderson and Mr.
Klumpp After refreshments were
porved the remainder of the evening was
tpent In music and dancing. Selections
were rendered by the following: Vocal
r^?;JV l i l , r « : plan., solo, Miss Q. Prnii;
recitation. Miss Eleanor Meyer; song
Angel Serenade." with violin obllgato.
P r^f Derb J nnd Miss Meyer: vocal duet
by Miss Lst^lle and Theresa Meyer. Miss
Lillian Lubben and Mr. Mulr delighted
tne company with a cakewalk. ThOß<
present were: Miss larowsky, Miss
Eleanor Meyer. Miss Cora Kelsey, Miss
Lubben.' Miss Proll. Mrs. Broderson. Miss
Estelle Meyer, Miss Theresa Meyer. Mr
Hofmann, Dr. Derby, Mr. Meussdorffer.
Mr Kelsey. Mr. Mulr, Mr. Healev. Mr'
Broderson. Mr. Klumpp and George
Meyer.
In the Future
The Children's Progressive Lyceum will
■ •■ ty-eighth annual Christmas
entertainment and dance al m Market
ty evening, Deceml
1 hristmas operetta In
LCt. "CaiiKht NappltiK."
uaJ Christmas festival piv»n by
the laH'-s of the An.;, Vereln to tlu-!r llt
ks win take j : . m i.. -
-■ ; ' foflowed by s dance for
"•tlks.
w yon Mererlnck has sent out
■ ■ me at her r.
1
i 27 Tl •
•: «Uil Kay.
P. r^orals.
Mr and Mr George I<>Tnan I
will I the flrst and
Thursdays after December at '■>-■
MIS K. BehW< ft - ( r.-T rl] if I<!4
■ moved to "a. 1 , Bdd: a:
Mr. and Mrs. Philip N. Aronson 'and
Miss Mahel Glenn Aronsen will be pleased
to see their friends Sunday. Decemb.T
24. Mrs. and Mlsh Mabel Aronsen will
also receive Tuesday. December 26.
Mrs. and Mrs. I. Flatow ha» - e mo*-erl
from 927 Slitter street to IMS Eddy street
mar l>evlKadero, wru>re they will be
pleased to see their friends.
Following are Paraiso arrivals regis
tered at the springs for the past f.vo
w^eks: Mr. and Mrs. J. McNamep Seat
••• Wash.: F. P. Lynch. P. S. Casey P
a. Harrington. J. Rels, W. Lyons. F. P.
Lynch. Dr. (Jedge. San Frnncisco; C. T.
Uomie. Salinas; W. E. McGregor Port
land. Or.; J. G. Jensen. Gllroy; Hon. S.
II Whlto and »■'• Los Angeles.
Mrs. M. V. Lawrence and daughter
Miss Constance v Lawrence, have been,
spend Ins a few weeks with Mrs. Timothy
Guv Ph*-l;>s at San Carlos.
Mrs. William V. Bryan and her chil
dren will leave enrly next month for Tu
rope. whore the: will remain ■ year.
They will he Joined during the summer by
Captain md Mrs. W. J. Bryan.
Mi-- Flora Muller. daughter of Mrs
r>r. William S. Hereford of 1115 Sutler
street, Is vieltlng her uncle and aunt
General and Mrs. M. W. Muller, of Frts
no during the holidays.
Mrs. Flora Ellon and her daughter
Vera have returned from a visit to the
Orient.
Los flnge\ps.
Mmo. Oer.ovra Johnstono-Bishop w:i<
•■f !i.>nnr .it a hrec reception
Kiven by Mrs. a. n. Naftsger at h^r
■ •:i Portland av< nue "ti !'••■
afternoon. MnuiNaftager was assisted in
Moms. I. N. Van Nuys. Fera
K. Rule. Ji'hn T. Jones and John H Nor
ton The f illowlng tn: Mmea
Granvlllc MacGowan. J. c Scarborough
J. I{. Newberry, fharl^s Bilent i B
n, •'. ModJnl-Wood W <; Nevln
O. T. Johi • Ben Ooodrlch N B*
H. M Snlf. L. I> B Lie P C,
n. K. w Burn
- Salisbury. John E. PUter |
C. .1 ■■ ■ l. !• Jol m ■) Jr.. Fred I >
Johnson, John <". Miller. Clifford
A. A. Hubbard, J. S. Chapman W Q
: rle B Mll
ler. Richard Mercer. B. •'. Htibb^M J H
Davißson, O. H CnurchlU, A. j. Wat
ers, W. <" Patterson, Charles McFarland
Ira (t. Bmtth, J. A. Henderson n H.
A. Caswell. Frank \V.
K\::k. 3. M. M.-rlll. H. M. Weed (;.•,,:•-..
11. Stewart, J. U. 0.11. (j.ori;.- MuntKom
. ry, J. M. Elliott, !■:. R. Kellam
RowU y. \v. H. Bradley. <'ha:
E H. Moore, F. W. Flint Jr.. <;. W M---
Clnr<\ <» A. Vi< k.ry. J. p. Filb. rt
Charles Plllsbury. B. Salazer. L. C ■
v in. T. H Brown, w. \\ . Lorett P s
V 11. Busch, .1. B. Alexander
M. w Stewart, I. K. H..rnbrfnk. George
I.I '. Caldwa •■• rv Owyer of Alta
dena. W. <i. Kl^enmayer and the Misses
0 . ,7
i S. STROZYNSKI CO., I
1 .. E .«.bii*ed 1872, 24 Geary St.', nearKearny, i
» IS THE LEADING ESTABLISHMENT
£ £*£&& ©it T«E COAST : f tt
g r^x We make the most artistic Wigs and »
r /•"-A. Toupees, dress the hair most fashionable, at X
S Iff «v. w reasonable prices, besides employing ex- &
£ i^J^S perts only. Our imported Broux Mixtures *
$ v f^';y J , for restoring gray and bleached hair is the *
g >4il*T- ■'k t^ standard preparation and harmless. £
<> /vJH3 yikz> Our imported novelties for face and hair *
* Vv^^N ]/? are lhe best in the mar and U P t0 date. i
!r ; l\ >^V^-Vc You alvva V 5 set your moneys worth in our J
X • xVV ' / !** place, and you know we hay; a good reputation. #
■» \ -< / We superintend every thing, psrsonally. g
g B. J. RYBICKI. ■L. E. McCLOSKEY. . $
Lila Falrchlld. Helen Fairchild. ivy
bchodtr, Edna Blcknell. Mary Hunsaker.
Carrie Waddllove, Florence Silent, Helen
Howe*. Ida Llndley, Clara Howes. Chap
man Georgia* Knight, Hattie Strong. Eva
fife i lure. Idella L. Weed, Adelaide Brown,
I'•""*">,1 '•""*">, Bassett and Whltt.' ,' "-■
Miss Helen Howes entertained with pro
pressrve hearts on Friday afternoon at
her home on West Twenty-eighth street.
liteen tables were arranged for playing
and the scorecarda were heart-shaped.
decorated with pen and Ink sketches of
Gibson heads, the work of the hostess.
Miss lone liiKKina captured tirst • prize.
Miss Belle Whi taker MOOIId and MIM
Jennie Campbell consolation. Miss Howes
was assisted In receiving by her mother,
Mrs. F. C. Howes, and Mines. I. S. Van
Nuys. c. J. Ellis. J. H. Norton. TelfaJr
Creighton. J. H. Jones. Alexander Levy
and the Misses Eliza Bonsall and Grace
Mellus.
The Misses Elsie and Henrietta Mllr.er
entertained with a progressive hearts
party on Friday evening at their horn-- <n
nest Washington Btre< i. Dr. and Mrs.
Carl Kurtz. Mr. and Mrs. L. D. Sale. Mr.
and Mrs. H. L. Horton and Mr. and Mis.
J. w. Krause assisted in receiving.
Dancing followed the games. Mies Chris
tine Kurtz and Joe Easton won tlrstpiiz.'S
and Miss Maude Newel] and Dr. T. Code)
second. '1 he following were guests:
Miss Dorothy Wellborn, Miss Lll.Un
Wellborn. Miss Maude Newell. Miss Mary
Hunsacker, Mißg Mary Darling, Miss
Helen Baton, Miss Mabel Garnsey, Mtss
Daisy Cross. Miss Julia Mereereau. Miss
ranny Layiig, Miss Carrie Lonsstroet.
Miss Louise Schwartz, Miss Mavhelle
Kendall. Miss Christine Kurtz, Miss Etta
Hlcknell. Miss Any Baa ton. Miss Ger
trude Gooding, Miss Wenont Huntley.
Miss Carrie Waddilove, Miss Olive Belle
Clark. Ml.«s Frldu Hellman, Miss Grace
Lauborsh-uner. Miss Martha Scott, Karl
Klokke, Philip Lyon. Sam Haakina, John
Layng. .Not man Sterry. R. L. Sullivan.
Don FUhar, [talph Day, Alexander Moc-
Keigan. Joseph Baa ton. Warren Brazel
ton Frank Rule, K. L. Dlckenson, Will
Wright, A. Langenbergor. H. Romer of
San Francisco; Mr. Lawrence, Irwln Her
ron, Mr. Hartmann, Dr. John McGarry,
Dr. R. V Day and Dr. T. Coffer.
Messrs. Bruce Hatch. Don McCartney,
Harold ham, John Bloeser. Joe Ber
nard, Pa Crippen, George Graham,
Clalr Morris. Richard Helman, David
\\ bite. Howe Sanderson. Webster Wilton
and Vance Helm, members of the Sig
ma Tan Epsllon, gave a large dancing
party on Friday evening at Kramer's
Hall In South Grand avenue. About 100
guests wore present.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Q. Wild entertained
the Sans Soucl Whist Club Thursday
evening at their home in West Ninth
street. Mrs. Kllllan and Mr. Huntington
captured first prizes and Mrs. MerrJck
and Mr. -nut : i consolations. Those pres
ent were: Mr. and Mrs. J. Harry
\\ holmes, Mr. and Mrs. Percy Smith.
Mr. and Mrs. K. J. Killian. Mr. and Mrs.
E. L. Huntlngton, Mr. and Mrs. L. L.
Merrick and Mr and Mrs. J. N. Cohe
nour.
Miss Edna Bicknell entertained with a
card party on Thursday afternoon at her
lioim* In North Broadway. Mrs. Charles
William Haker. formerly of Dcs Moiucs,
lowa, was the guest of honor. Mlsa Bick
nell was assisted in receiving by her
mother, Mrs. E. T. Bicknell. Mrs. H. O.
gates and the Misses Qerta Hatch. Edith
Kurrc-y and Christine Kurtz. The follow
ing were guests: j .. , It. L. Morton.
George Steckel. F. O. Johnson. A. J. Wa
ter*, W. J. Doran, J. W. 1,, ndricka. Wil
liam (J. Hutchlnson, B. Vawter, John
Harrison. g< org ■ Drake Ruddy. James
Kiit-.vistle. ■ Thomas Carhart, K." Johnson,
<;.-.irKe Coehrane, Joseph Banning. Ku-
K«;ie Haskell. E. W. Fleming, Harry
rhaxter. XV. w. Never, Frank Gordon, J.
B. Blcknell, Jesse Meyers; Bert Williams
and the Missel Maude Newell. Fannie
•Layng.- Clara Howes, Julia Mercereau.
;«'lara . Mercercau. Lou Winder. Anna
t hapman. Maty Chapman, Sabina Burks.
Carrie I/ongstroct. I;• i trude Gooding.
Alice Strong. Hattlo Strong. Mad.-: Chan
nel. Mary Doran, Fannie narb«>r. Bessie
Hlnton. Estelle Heart t, Mabel Tanner
Belle Baker. Edith Kirk;.. .trick. Blanche
Brown. Elsie Milner, Fannie Wills. Grace
Perry, Maj Newton, Fannie Lockhart
Mollle Dillon, Llla Jordon, May Smith and
katherine Kurtz.
The marriage of Miss Lyels Edelman.
a granddaughter of llabbl Bdelman. to
If. Hugo Brandera will take place on Jan
uary 17, and promises to be a brilliant af
fair. Miss Edelman is well known in so
ciety circles lute and Mr. Branders Is a
prominent young business man of Omaha
Neb.
S. W. Llntwieler and family have re
moved to 6'J~ Westlake avenue, where
Mrs. Lintwleler and daughter will be at
home on the first Friday.
Miss Edith Preston has jjone to Hono
lulu, where she will be married to <;»-..
A Howard, formerly of this eltv
The marriage of Miss Helen Fafrchlld to
N. \\ . Myrick will take place on Decem
ber 28.
Miss Mary Therps has sronr to Stanford
t.. vlm, her sister. Mis? Margaret Therm
The Misses Nancy and Maude Fofcter
have returned from a visit to Great Brit
ain. Most of their time was spent in
England and Scotland.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles E. Anthony and
■On, Earl Anthony of Berkeley, formerly
of this city, are at the Van Nuys for the
holidays.
The weddlnc: of Miss Ora Mlllard
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. G. A. Ml Hard,
to Louis de Tateron la Beaume is in
nounced to take place at Immanuel Pres
byterian Church on the afternoon of Jan
uary 1.
Mr and Mrs. Warren J. Richardson of
Pasndr-na have returned from an extend
ed European trip.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are removed by
DR. and MRS. A W. TRAVERSE. Donohoe
I'Ulliilr.K. 1170 Market st.. cor. Taylor, rooms
•S-S». ■'Th the electric needle without pain or
scar. Permanency guaranteed: hours 1 to 4 p.m.
What the World's (greatest Serpentine Dancer.
LOIE FULLER,
Says about the »kin food and tissue builder.
BRAHMAN . —
TOILET CREAM, j &£&%*:
"I certainly can rec- <KYfr'iv "*V-'^ :
ommend your delightful TSBf^,. fjtt&f '
Brahman Toilet Cream 'SfOmL "5^ rCsfi -
as one of the beat things VmM _> JjKr'
for Its purpose I have V&A r%^bVt~
ever used." 'ifcSlk. *§i&2i^.
Autograph letter can ;Yfn^!i??f7!T 5~ I
be seen at office of Wsr^ssr>Jr - ?
A. W. TRAVERSE. M.D. ' uv- * '*--»-s
! KODAKS! KODAKS! !
c No Shopworn Goods, bat New Stock. •
9 JUST FROM THE FACTORY AT 5
• ONt-iiilKD OFF LIST PRICK. •
r —also — •
X LARGE ASSORTMENT OF CAMERAS •
Jf AND SUPPLIES. THE LATEST •
• AND BEST IX THE A
• MARKET. Z
| FULLER~& KLEIN. £
© DEALERS IN ALL KINDS OF A
• DEALERS IN ALL KINDB OF #
SPORTINO GOODB. «k
• 39 SECOND STREET, S. F. {
The Weekly CaH.
Enlarged to 16 Pages
61 per Year*
' ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 B^B^B^B^WajBBjaBBaaBJJBBBBBBBJJJJBJ^^BW*aillBBBBB»BBBBiaSBaBBBaBaBBS*aBalBaBB»BBBM
VI H^B fjm L W .^L^^BBB^BnrQsK^B^B^BfJBtIB^B^BBIBS all Vsb
' f I sH ■ i.vjdnß^awfHsSllßiZ'^ mJeM
: I rKr\ 1 t^iawr<WsilH<iai ■ WjOB
IkWi JSHbBBBBBH B^SBB^BbWBsT A ■
t* I BW r W S¥ W k iflKwr^HPn^gw Iff llHs^Bk
>T #SJV • Jt7 9 JEPm Bußv^u^^^aHSßßJ Itt^Sal^
ijStSm %fi^JM^fpyHpf^^f f^smßH^flQW l
Hi gf f Jt \j -y ■zttUrjn&HTM (ok. vlmr /tnHBM
: 1230-1232-1234 Market St,
; Substantial ;
Reductions!
I The balance of our fine TAILOR-
I MADE SUITS. JACKETS, CAPES.
\ SKIRTS, Etc., have been marked
- down.
: Stylish Tailor-Made Suits,
, $60 TAILOR-MADE SUITS are now $4000
$50 TAILOR-MADE SUITS an now. 35.00 j
$40 TAILOR-MADE SUITS are now 25.00 i
$30 TAILOR-MADE SUITS are now. 20,00 !
Perfect Fitting High-Grade Jackets.
1 $40 FINE JACKETS are now $25.00
1 $30 FINE JACKETS are now 20.00
$25 FINE JACKETS are now 15.00
, $20 FINE JACKETS are now 12.50
Novelties in
; . Fur Collarette! and Capes.
: $75 FU I CAPES are now $50-00
. $60 FUR CAPES are now 40-00
; | $50 FUR CAPES are now 32.50
! $40 FUR CAPES are now 25.00
$35 FUR CAPES are now 20.00
Golf Gapes at Wholesale Prices,
j AMUSEMENTS.
TIYOLI OPERA-HOUSE
"Wishes You All a Kerry Xinas!"
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
EVERY EVENING AND SATURDAY MATINEE.
SPECIAL MATINEES XMAS AND
NEW YEAR'S DAY.
gorgeous, I a Delight for
BRILLIANT. L. y* '„! n ,.,
dazzling - Young and Old!
HOLIDAY 1
SPECTACULAR _ Three Hours of
production ! T Three Hours of
8. » __ Fun and Jollity!
NT -
II I Comic Songs and
• ■ ■ *-» Jokes
: you must £ Please the Ear!
SEE THE
BEAUTIFUL At , _„ ,
i I? Charming Balhts
i Transformation, « Enthrall the Eyj |
I "Butterflies" m^\n
111 p of Santa Claus!
1 1 E FERRIS
ONE HUNDRED ' E HARTMAN
PEOPLE ON r\
the stage! " and a Superb Cast!
POPULAR PRICES — 25 and 50 Cents.
Seats on Sale One Week Ahead.
Telephone — Bush O.
COLUMBIA^
TO-NIGHT — Last Performance TO-NIGHT
» FREDERICK WARDE
PRESENTING
THE LION'S MOUTH.
BEGINNINO
TO-MORROW NIGHT...
LIEBLER & CO. PRESENT
For a Limited Number of Performances,
HALL -:- CAINE'S -:- POWERFUL -:- PLAY.
THE
CHRISTIAN.
A* Seen for 175 Nights In New York
110 Nights In Boston.
SPECIAL MATINEE NEW YEAR'S DAY.
(THE PEOPLE'S PLAYHOUSE.)
Edlj ms Jones Bt«. FHONfi BOOTH 770.
MATINEE ~— - .-BEGINNING
TO-DAY TO-NIGHT.
AT 2. LAST WEEK
XMAS MATINEE TO-MORROW (MONDAY)
BLACK PATH
TROUBADOURS
THE ONLY 810 RAGTIME SHOW.
POPULAR I Evening. .lsc. »c 35c ttt and 75c
PRICES i Matinee He. He, 3T.c and 50c
Next.Sunday Night— "FINNIOAN'S BALL."
ALCAZAR THEATER.
' • MATINEE TO-DAY. SUNDAY.
TO-NIGHT "DR. BILL TO-NIGHT
XMAS MATINEE TO-MORROW.
Come and See Our Bowery Boy.
CHIMMIE
FADDEN.
WITH A GREAT CAST!
gSET* 15c 25c 35c 50c
1 MATINEE EVERY SATURDAY aoi SUNDAY
AMUSEMENTS. .-.-.. -,_,-^ l , _.
j SAN FRANGSCO OMAHA
Week Commencing ysp A HUGE CHRISTMAS BILL.
SUNDAY, Dec. 24th. .- Nine of the Work's Greatest Holiday Attraction'
' " ——— — — —^ ™ "^" KNOAOEMENT EXTRAORDINART! ' !
— FOUGERE—
THE GREAT ONLY. ORIGINAL AND INIMITABLE PARISIAN CHANTEUSE; THt
SENSATION OF TWO CONTINENTS.
ohm. THORNE AND CARLETON CR «'
in Their Original Petite Comedy "TTIIT ItrBBTTT
In T^plr Origlnnl Petite rnmi-'ly. ■ '.
CLJLTJID THAUDO
EccentHe Story Teller and Slnnlns; Comedian.
I A SYI PHE \....HARRIGAN..
L- /V «— / I 1-*1 ■ *-• Th« Original Tramp Juicxler. ir.
Th» Terp»i.-horean Poem. I the r . .-xte-t Hit of th» h>a«r.. _^^
GERTRUDE RUTLEDGE I i THE AVERYS
Donrrirtlve Vocallnt. I I Chocolate -Color*! rom^lans.
| AMERICAN BIOGRAPH £ r £W^ | ~
FINAL -:- WEEK
a, EDWIN MILTON ROYLE cC,
In Mr Rovle's New and Original C, m Sketch "TRIP'S THOff):
MATINEE TODAY, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 34.
Parquet . 2V> any Beat: Balcony. 10c; Children 10c. any part. A few front Orchestra Raws
reserved. He. Front rows of Balcony, reserve «l. 2^;.
....SPECIAL MATINEE CMIISTMAS DAY....
CALIFORNIA THEATER. lhe H : v r r
THIS AFTERNOON L " ST PER o? RMPNCg "THE HOTTEST COON IN DIXIE!"
TO-NIGHT! THEN CHRISTMAS AFTERNOON! TO-NIGHT!
fit RESUMPTION OF THE SEASON OF THE V>
% Frawley Company I
* And Big Scenlo Production of th» Great Eastern eucc«ss and Most fi/
Powerful Play by Franklin Fyles. ||l
"CUMBERLAND '61!"
ENTIRE NEW AND REMARKABLE SCENIC EFFECTS.
SEE THE MARVELOUS BURNING BRIDGE!
NEXT WEEK\"W\TH FLYING COLORS!"
inn;iiK NEW YEAR'S EVE. I From the Adel[,hl Theater. London.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE-MAM 933.
LMST NIGHT Of* "piE PLEDBRmAUSI"
COMMENCING CHRISTMAS MATINEE,
COLOSSAL PRODUCTION OF THE UP-TO-DATE AND FAMOUS EXTRA VAOANTJA.
"SINBAD!"
OR THE MAID OF BALSORA.
By Special Arrangement With DAVID HENDERSON.
MAONIFICENT BCENERT. COSTUMES AND EFFECTS.
A SUPERB CAST, ORCHESTRA AND CHORUS.
THE MARCH OR" THE SILVER KNICHTSI
Ballet of Bewitching Coryphees, Introducing th« Famous Spanish Premier*. MATILDITa
FRANK KINO'S MARVELOUS TRANSFORMATION.
"THE EVOLUTION OP NATUREI"
Exhibiting the Birth of the Seasons In Eight Dtnttnct Changes.
NEW SPECIALTIES. SONGS AND JOKES.
In consequence of th« enormous tzpens« attending tfcli mammoth production the f -!:- »'-c
prices will prevail: a
ORCHESTRA (FIRST EIOHT ROWS) 0 7*.<-
BALANCE OF HOUSE AS USUAL 23e a-; &<>•
OALLERIE3 10 and 13e
CALIFORNIA THEATER-Special.
TUESDAY.THURSDAY and
FRIDAY AFTERNOONS,
Dec. 26, 28 and 29,
At 3:15 o'clock.
Only Appearances ci the Renowned Pianist,
TLADIMIR
De Pachmann
HENRY WOLFSOHN, Manner.
Reserved Seats ». II SO ay 4 II
STEINWAT PIANO USED.
Bale will be resumed at Sherman. Clay St
Co.'s Tuep.lay morning. Dec. 26. at 9 o'clock.
STEEPLECHASE
rtNTifil P4l/lf ltn * Market ste.— Open
VLiUnAL I Aim dally from Ito 11: SO p. m.
THE MA6NIFICENT BILL
OF ■ —
Holiday Attractions
*
INCLUDES
; FRomsoK hill.
< The Eccentric Comedian of the
High Wire.
THE RAIXLE-DAIILE
Takes Yon to Bea In an Open Boat.
THE BICTCLE CIRCUS.
' An Up-to-date Merry-co-round.
| THE ROMAN CARROUSEL.
! A Novel Hippodrome of Wild Beasts.
; THE BARREL 01" LOTS.
You Stand on Your Head With Ease.
i AND ALL CONST ISLAND IN FULL BLAST
j* An Elaborate and Costly List of
Xmas Presents
S Will Be Awarded to the Winners of
the Races.
' ADMISSION 10 cent*
Includes a Ride on the Horses.
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
Major mite,
The Smallest Actor on Earth.
In NEW SPECIALTIES.
ADGIE AND HER LIONS.
In Her SPECTACULAR MIRROR DANCE.
ELLA BURT, Coasting the Chutes."
AND A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
Visit th- PARISIAN SCREEN-DOOR MAZE. .
CHRISTMAS TREE FOR THE CHILDREN
TO-MORROW.
I .Phone for Scats, Park 21. 1
UNION COURSING PARK.
TODAY. SUNDAY, DECEMBER 21
SAPLING
.■ . AND . , .
Open Stakes.
$1000 IN PRIZES!
112 NOMINATIONS!
HOLIDAY CONCERT BY THE BAND.
TRAIN SERVICE:
Leaves Third and Townsend struts M:t3
a. m.. 11 a. m., 12 m. and 1 p. m. . Twenty-firth
and Valencia streets n»e minutes Uter. Re-
turning after last course ar.d at 4:43 p. m.
San Mateo electric cars every tea sunuU*.
ADMISSION, IS CENTS. LADIES fUEB.
OLYMFIA SteU&L
The only free nafclllH show ta the city.
A REAL CHRISTMAS DILI*
LAST WEEK
MOIII'.IN ■ BROTHERS.
America's Moat Secsatlonal Acrobat*.
CAD WILSON.
The Queen of the Klondike. The Soubrette
With the Big Bank Account.
fUSTINGS AND HALL
And • Host of First-Class Vaudeville
Attractions.
•"a ilO.ncO b*it and chatelaine, built" J
• entirely '■■ Klondike nuggets, be- :
: lor.glrK to Ca<! Wilson, can b« teen :
; tn the window of the UaMwtn Jew- :
: tin Store. M 4 and 846 Market st. :
ADMISSION FREE.
AMATEUR mom EVKRY FRIDAY.
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
RACING! RAONG! RACING!
1899-CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB- 1900
Winter Meetlns. December IS to Dec. 11. la*
cluUve.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday. Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shlae.
Five oi more races each day.
lUres »t»rt at 1.13 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave Ran Francisco at 12 m. ami
12 30. 1. l::o. 2. 2%i and 1 p. m . connecting
with trains stopping- at the entrance to th*
track. Last two cars on train reserved for la-
dles and their escorts: no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets ii Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland rao!e connect with Han Pablo avenu*
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. These electric can
go direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning— Tralm leave the track at 4.13 and
4:46 p. m and Immediately after th« last race.
THOMAS If. WILLIAMS .'lt President.
R. }■ MO HOY. s<*eretarr.
NEW WEGTERN HOTEL.
Ki:.\... I AND WASHINGTON bTS.-KE-
modeled and renovated. KIXO. WARD it
CO. European plan. Rooms. Coc «o i I i. day ;
15 to li week: 13 to |» month. Free b*tl hot
; and cold water every room: lire gr»t«a us ivery
i xoom; elevator runs aU n.gut.NEWS
OF THE
BAY CITIES
TWO TRAINS WRECKED,
BUT NOT A LIFE LOST
Thousands of Dollars' Worth of
Property Destroyed.
Passenger and Freight Cars Demolished
on Linden Street and Entire Railroad
System Tied Up for Hours.
O*KI,AND, Dec. r3.— A collision be
tween a freight engine and a
freight train on the First street
track, at th»* f...>« of Lir.den street.
-
■
■
I
■
■
The wreck was m»>?t unusual in all of
ltt< ff-ature*.
'■
■
■
•
■
■
•
THAT ICE CREAM
JAG HAS PROVED
VERY SERIOUS
♦
Twenty Students Vir
tually Suspended.
— »
Oakland Office San Franci«co Call,
>1S Broadway. Dec. 23.
The "Ice-cream p<>da Ja«" indulged in by
certain convivial members of the high
school after the graduating exercises of
Thursday night has had more serious re
sults than was ut first supposed. Besides
the expulsion of Hugh Rus:-»11 and the
nispensloa of Fredericks, me twenty
more will follow in their steps, and there
will bo a social gathering of parents when
they accompany the recreants back to
M-hool n«-xt term.
The cause upon which this wholesale
expulsion Is based was the aftermath of
the graduating exorcises. Mc-st of the
class decided It to be needful far the rep
utation and honor of the sch«>ol as well as
the everlai-Tlng Kli.riticMtiun <>f themselves
that th«-y give t<> the departing class such
a sen«l-uff as never was or would r»e.
Thereupon they trod the echoing halls
New store on the — '
▼ New Year — '
Will remove Jan. Ist toj
715 Market Street — 3 doorsf
'from Call Bldg. — from ourjj
'present location 735 Mar-Jj
*ket street. J
V A few specials for yonr Now Tear*
£ celebration : 0
#Edi Champagne 0
0 n^aitbr. pts 40c qts 65c^
0 g™ doz $4.50 doz $7,500
a \K*> coatrr 1 tL»> rcrsa'.nicjf Rto-k of £
v tbi» ffrand wine— loft by Arpad ▼
a ll£r&KZtby>-usu&Uyadvcitl£CUat A
f ll.loa bottl*. V
tSwteX Wines:
0 SSSSTf**. gallon Sl.OO
A ]~Rt \il'mk-.~ Purt, Angelica,
" Sherry. M*dcria. Tokay.
A Muscatel. X rclar $l.r>).
iPort and Sherry Wine
0 A.JB*laxar> label. DOttie 250
a bm übei bottle 4oc^
A Regular Me and :<V-. A
JXaglee Brandy— " 1S70" J
{ BS"ar Q.C. bottle $1.1 5 J
9 M. sNri*» Whit* label. f
a R»"ful*r 51.51. 4
f Fro* deli Terr from Oakland Star* to V
a Berkeley and AUmed*. A
\T3sMark<* 6t. S. F. SbattacV At, Berkeley \
J]<ionvra«bln<tor.(>ak Central At, Alaciedaf
Vth & Washington, " :th Wood. Oak \
f(* Broadway, " #
meda engine off the track, turning It over
on Its tide. The tank of the tender was
thrown ahead at least fifty feet on the
track, while every car of the train was
derailed, but not turned over. Glass was
broken, springs and light work scattered
all over the track, but none of the cars
turned over. "
- hurt. En
with th»ir engin< :
■
upon its
: the train.
.: ;ur.- ( i.
though
must have n t a
inly to t>.'
■
The j.n.--- - train cut
k •
•mpt\
"he tact that the
Bine and •111 1 • l
>.!v. .i the
• i Fireman
-
The wreck paralysed the entire system
of the Southern Pacific Company. It
plowed up the track an.] cut the com
press<-d a:r system so that It was Impos
sible to operate the switches on various
sections, and ■■-•■ street local was
tied up for two hours and did not get to
running on time until 11 o'clock.
The First street track was blocked for
they ntire night and all trains west bound
were f*:n to the pier over the Sevei th
street local tracks when that line was got
in working order.
This of course tied up the Alameda
hroad paupe local system, and in order to
accommodate the Alameda passenpers a
special train was put on to run between
A lamed* and East Oakland, around by
Fruttvale. this train to connect with he
Seventh street local at that point. This
train was wrecked near the Alameda sta
tion before it had made four trips.
This train was pulling into the Alameda
station at ?:?). .....
six feet of the iron rolling up under the
cars. This derailed the last three cars
of the train, and it took an hour to get
these cars on the track. No injury was
done to any one In this the third wreck
«>f the night.
The Wame of the wreck is placed upon
Kngin^T Peters of the switch engine. Su
perintendent Agler was not to be found,
but the railroad men in charge of the
wrecking crew* all say that Peters did
not obey his sipnuls. Knjrln.»€r Reynolds
has no blame attached to him. but on the
other hand is complimented for his brav
ery and his lucky escape. Peters de
clined to mak»- any statement, but will
claim that the signals and switches were
not working properly.
of the building to the soft and soothing
cadence of the "lock step." at the same
time outrivaling the Carlisle Indians with
th«ir football whoops. Tired at length of
their innocent pastime, they sought other
lields to conquer, anil adjourned to some
ice cream parlors, wincing gleefully the
while. Th«-r<» they indulged In bumper
ujr.on bumper of j.ink lemonade. When
Klvyri Burrill. Instructor in ancient lan-
of the building to the soft and soothing
cadence of the "lock step," at the same
time outrivaling the Carlisle Indians with
thfir football whoops. Tired at length of
their innocent pastime, they sought other
!iclds to conquer, and adjourned to some
ice cream parlors, wincing gleefully the
while. Th'-ro they indulged In bumper
ujr.on bumper of pink lemonade When
Klvyri Burrill. Instructor In ancient lan
guages at the school, arrived, a chorus
of warm invitations to Join In the sport.
min?le<i with cries of "Speech." shook the
building to its foundations, and the sur
prised and dignified professor was forced
to make an address to the boys, who ap
plauded loudly and impartially.
Now all of thc/e who took part in this
demonstration are to !>e disciplined, and
about twenty of the boys have been told
that they cannot return to the school un
til explanations have been made by their
parents and themselves. This amounts to
a practical suspension.
This Is the first class that has ever ha.l
any general trouble at the Oakland High
School. They began by taking George
Samuels Into the coalhole of the high
school and cutting his hair with a pocket
knife and wound up with the row at the
school on Thursday evening, and now
they are suffering the conseouences.
th and elixir
land. •
REWARDS PROVIDED
FOR BRIGHT SCHOLARS
LAND, Deo. 2— The students of St.
Joseph's Academy held their exercises
last evening !n the h:\ll of the bull<linK.
The following programme was rendered:
Piano and violin duet. Brothers Ed
mund and Leo: declamations, Thomas
and Philip Allen. George Taggart,
Gabriel Delosso. F. Thompson; duet.
"Lightly Row." George Taggnrt 4'
Allen; violin solo. "The Star-Spangled
Banner." John Coetcllo; recitations,
Kdward O'Bricn. Morton Reynolds
liafaei Larin. Alfred Murphy; hymn.
"Angels We Have Heard on His.
choir: declamations. Louis Allen. D.
J«rome Peters. Loula P. Degenef'. Wil
bur Ryan: violin solo. "Thou Alone."
Joseph K»-lly; diulogue, "Don't Count
the Chickens Before They Are
Hatched.'! P. Ks«juiga. W. Bruce, a.
RiethmuUer; recitation*. Samuel Rspe-
Jo. Richard Taggart. George Delean,
John Costello; hymn. "Mother Dear.
Pray for Me," choir: declamations*.
Alojrsiuj RiethmuUer. Joseph O'Brien.
well) ■ Auzerais; cornot 1 ,i,,
"Suwnnee River." August Ruhstaller;
dialogue, "The Sweet Revenge." A.
Murphy. L. Allen. S. Kspejo. L. p.
Degen<-r: vocal solo. "Why Don't You
Write Home?" Daniel Biggy; recita
tions. ■ Wallace Bruce. John Blggy,
John McDermott; violin solo. "Vienna
Forever March." David Ruhstalkr;
recitations. Lawrence McCarthy. Dan
1. I Ulggy; vocal solo. "He Sleeps in
the Valley." John Hippy; recitations.
Joseph Kelly. I>iuls Courtois; violin
*«o:o. "I*-i Grace." Albert Carpy: dia
logue. "Tho I'nforgotun Foe." "Dalton
McCarthy Alexander Young; grand
chorus. "The Wolf Is On the Hill ••
choir; violin selections, B. Edmund A.
Carpy. D. Ruhstaller, J. Kelly.
Rewards were given to the students
mentioned below for satisfactory scholar
ship during the term:
Academic department— First class-
Alex Young. Dalton and Justin Mc-
Carthy: second class: Joseph Fitzger
aid. Ignacio Guerrero, L. Courtois y
Silver.
Intermediate department — First
clasp: Albert Carpy. Joseph Kelly.
Willie Baxringer; second class: Hoyt
Hastings. Joseph Wildburger, Thom
as Casey. F. O'Neill. Law J Mc-
Carthy, Julian Kirk. David Ruhstal
ler, John McDermott. John Blggy,
Philip Bourke, Ray Bennett, Willie
Smith.
Preparatory department— First class:
Richard Tapgart. Samuel Espejo. Jo
seph O'Brien. John Costello, Jerome
Peters, Aloysius Ruhstaller. George
Roach. Raymond Stone. Louis Allen,
Edward O'Brien. F. Esqul^a. Rafael
Larln. Wallace Bruce, Alfred Murphy;
second class: Oscar Zelss. Llewellyn
Auzarals, August Ruhstallor, George »
Lebeau. Louis P. Dtgenor, Wilbur •
Ryaa, W1U1« BlgC/.
— ■ — — — ••- ■ - —
THE BAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 24. 1899.
.. ■IM. ■ ■' ■ ■ .1, ", N ■' 1
ALAMEDA CITY WANTS A NEW CHARTER
/\ LAMBDA. Dec. 23.— AJameda is engaged in a fight for a new charter. The citizens of this commu
nity feel that the city has outgrown the present law under which it is working, and all of the resi
dents of Alameda who are interested in the advancement of the city are working for this reorganization.
The gentlemen interested have so far succeeded that the Board of Trustees has called a Freeholders' elec
tion for February of next year, at which time the voters will select men to frame a new charter for them.
The leaders of this movement tell the people of Alameda why they need a new charter, through The
Call.
ALAMEDA NEEDS A NEW CHARTER BECAUSE SHE
NEEDS SELF-GOVERNMENT,
B. C. Brown,
A I- A MED A needs a new charter be
cause she needs self-government.
Her present charter Is that of a
city of the fifth class. Her tax
rate Is fixed mI her taxes apportioned
to the various funds by a board of five
Trustees. Her funds are spent by those
Trustee?. There la no Mayor, no Auditor
over th.-m. no check upon them. There
are therefore no meant of determining re
sponsibility.
We have .1 population of 16.000. Proba-
My no city in the State can show a higher
average of intelligence and moral worth
than can Alameda. By our present char
ter ire are tied to the apron strings of
the Legislature. We have no power of
determining our form of government. We
are at the mercy of each succeeding leg
islative body, and our organic law has
been changed at each session for many
years— often to our detriment and against
our protest.
Alameda is old enough, strong enough
and wise enough to govern herself She
wants no outside interference with her
family matters. 13he needs to discard her
present irresponsibility of government, In
which five men divide responsibility and
each can hide behind the other. She
needs (as does any corporate body) to
have a head — one head. She needs a wise
application of civil service principles.
She needs a more direct application of
the popular voice in her self-government.
She needs to have her School Depart
ment, her Fire Department, her fret; li
brary, her electric light system (which
she owns) removed as. far as possible
from the rule of the political boss,
With a Mayor in whom shall be vested
the power of appointment of members of
the School Board, the free library trus
tees and other officials, the responsibility
can be centralised, It Is easier for the
people to elect one good Mayor than it
is to choose a high average of a dozen
different officers.
The power of levying and apportioning
tax moneys and disbursing public funds
should not be vested In the same board.
Over ill should be not only a Mayor, but
an Auditor. A civic corporation can no
more be successfully conducted without
a responsible head than can a private
corporation. A new charter will not add
to the tax rate. If properly drawn, it
will ■:■ ■ Utor would
probably command small .*uiari«-s. Those offldalfl troul
than their salaries, and in<'.
■
. <rltiiipm of the manner In whirh our Board
of City Trustees is constituted ahall ri"t bt- thouKh: to cover
PRESENT ALA/V\EDA CHARTER IS INADEQUATE TO
THE NEEDS OF THE CITY.
THERE nr« many mmd and strong arguments in favor of i
a new charter £or Alameda, based on the fact that the
present law is antiquated: that it Is made by and amend- |
able by the legislature; that the body of citizens governed !
by it have no voice in altering it except through their single |
representative In the Legislature, while many extraneous cir- |
cumstances threaten to change it at any session of the Legis- j
lature; that AJameda'a control over Alameda'a affairs will be j
more direct nnd less likely to be merged Into a greater city's I
affairs under an individual charter, and so on.
But to my mind the most convincing arguments against con
tinuing longer under the present organic law and In favor of
a new charter are found In the records of the municipal affairs.
The history of jar and friction, of charges and counter-charges,
of lawsuits and compromises between various oillcluls of the'
LOOKING TOWARD THE FUTURE IA/HEN THE ROF»-
ULATION DOUBLES.
y BELIEVE that the city of Alameda would bo much better
I governed In the future, when Its population will have be
envern^'i In th<> future, when its population will have be-
I come larger under the new charter along, the proposed lines
than It would be under the existing one. That our city has
been so well governed In the past Is partly due to the fact
that every one ii well acquainted with every one else and that
very careful selection of officers could be made In convention.
This state of affairs cannot continue Indefinitely in the future
as regards all elective officers, particularly the minor ones.
GRACE I. DAWSON TO
WED JOHN R. LEAVERS
OAKLAND, Dec. 22.-A holiday
ng juFt announced Is that
of M ■ Ini ?. I >;i« son to
!t will take
place Thursday next at the home of
the bl DtS, Mr. ami Mrs. A.
L. Whitney, IH3 Monroe street, East
Oakland, tho Ri-v. K. H. lit -nnett of
the Twenty-third Avenue Baptist
Church officiating.
Th.- ceremony will be performed at
ft o'clock in th»» double parlors of the
Whitney home, which will be a
Christmas picture of holly and red
lights. Miss Dawson will be. gowned
In a drees of fine white "albatross."
with a garniture of white satin and
chiffon. She will be attended by a
foustln. Miss Eva Whitney of Santa
Cruz, as bridesmaid. Miss Whitney
will wear white organdie. William
Fearey will be best man. Only rela
tives are Invited to be present, sev
eral being expected from a distance.
the men who now constitute or have constituted that board.
No scandals have ever developed In that body. And the other
departments of our government huve, as a rule, been tilled by
officials who have done th*>lr duty much better than we had
a right to expect under the imperfect machinery of which
they formed a part.
H.M.Pond, M. D.
town, all servants of the same public, ha.« been enough to dln
gust the general pubii.- and to disgrace the city whi«-h carted
these wrangling ortlcl.il-- It may not be easy t- say with whom
»h.- t>lam<* for all this confusion in the management of public
affairs lies, but it is very evident that an organic law under
which It is possible that such »-\ils should happen and under
which it seems Impossible t.. Bad S Kwift ar,.l sure remedy for
• ■ that it ought to I ■ . with
speedily. Any corporation whose employes would pull as many
different ways as do the employes of the city of Alameda
w0n.. 1 be in the hands of v receiver speedily, and we who live
in Alameda can 10..k for no satisfaction in the admlnlstra
publlc aff.iirs until we have .i law to w.^rk und»r
which gives to some man or some body of men th.- authority
to manage affairs properly and which makes that man ur th*t
body r«-.-ji"ii S iblc for good mar..t. 1
Professor Frank Soule.
Many of them should l>e appointed, nnd only aft»r long nnd
deliberate consideration.
rVhatever weakens the power of -the political boss" In
fhunicij.al affairs strengthens the hands ..f K ".>d government
and "ur proposed n»>w charter would d>> this, granting definite
authority and establishing personal responsibility as it does
The new city government would much l-ettfr res.re--.-nt the
of the better class of citizens than does ttip »\tstlng
r it would be more truly representative Finally, the
present Is the most favorable time for adopting a new charter
M the powerjpif the bosses Is not yet develoj
The wedding march from "Loheng
rin" will announce the approach of
the bride. Miss Margaret Bartlott
presiding nt the piano.
After the knot is tied there will be
a wedding supper and the young peo
ple will receive congratulations.
Later they will drive to a pretty
home in Frultvale that has just re
ceived the finishing touches in prep
aration for them, and will take no
bridal tour.
The groom Is a popular member of
Alpha Lodge No. 101. Woodmen of the
World, and is an Englishman by
birth. Ho Is foreman for the bride's
father, who is a well-known contrac
tor and builder. ■ i v
Miss Dawson is a member of the
Twenty-third Avenue Baptist Church
and has many friends who will learn
with pleasure of the coming wedding:,
the engagement having not been be
fore announced.
§3. C BROW N.
DALTON IS NOT
YET IN THE FIGHT
"WITH BOTH FEET"
The Assessor Returns
From the East.
Oakland Office San Franc!?™ Call,
Broadway, Dec. 23.
County Assessor Henry P. Dalton re
! from his Eastern trip to-day, but
Is not y<t ready to make a formal an
nouncement of his candidacy for <".r.
gress. He says that be is still ••
around." but is not yet in the fight "with
both f. .t '
"I stand just where I did when I went
away." Bald Mr. Dalton to-night. "I have
not had tim<- to see any one. and 1 don't
know any more about the political nltua
tion than l did when I wt here, l an
not in th<* Oghl with both f*-et y.-t. and I
am > till f.-«-lln>; ar.nind.
"My trip Bast »un purely a personal nnd
not a political one. I visited most of the
great cities of thf East and mad.- <r,n.f
examination into the methods of iissess
bm ni there.
"Business Is on the increase all through
th.- Bast. I find that tho ir.>n and m>-1
business, in which I am Interested In a
way on this coast. Is having a most re
markable boom in the East. Some of the
great steel works have sold their output
for far into next year "
New Officers of Aloha Parlor.
OAKLAND. Dec. 23.— The following of
ficers have been elected by Aloha Parlor
No. 106, N. D. O. W., for the n«-w term:
Past president. Mrs. <". B. Landregaji:
president. Miss D. Slsterna; first vice
president. Miss L. Hnns»-n. sc-cond vice
president. Mrs. Dr. Derrick; third vice
president. Mrs. Tlllle Spear: recording
secretary. Miss Mate Moore; financial sec
retary, Miss Alexander; marshal. Mlsa L.
Rooney.
The consumption of alcoholic drinks 1n
France seems to be greatly on the In
crease, in spite of the fact that her popu
lation, if not stationary, shows but an al
most imperceptible Increase.
SEIMSSIIQJI?
Oakland's Christmas Praise.
Oakland Office San Francisco Coll,
903 Broadway. Dec. ZL
>jj=sa HRISTMAS will be celebrated in
|T the Oakland churches to-morrow.
V^and" Monday will be given over to
secular celebration of the day. The
churches of Oakland are noted for their
fine music on Christmas day and the pro
grammes this year have been prepared
with unusual care. The following are the
programmes of the churches of me cliy:
FIRST PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH.
Morning service — prelude, alle
gro appassionato. Basil Harwood; doxol
■c;.. "Old Hundred"; Invocation; anthem.
"Christmas. Awake," G. W. Warren;
hymn No, 326; responsive Scripture read-
Ing; barytone solo and chorus. "Trie
Birthday of a King." W. H. Neldllnger;
prayer; offertory; soprano solo, "Christ
mas Morn," D. P. Hughes; sermon; an
them. "There Were Shepherds." M. Vog
rich; announcements; contralto solo 'se
lected); chorus, "Gloria in Excels!!."'
Buck; hymn No. 3U>. benediction: organ
postlude; til. ale. Grand Piece Sympfto
nlque.
Evening service— Organ prelude (V*
Symphony). Wldor; recitative for tenor,
"Comfort V. My People" (Messiah). Han
del; chorus. "And the Glory of the Lo;d"
(Messiah). Handel: contralto solo and
chorus, "O Thou That Tellesf (Messiah).
Handel; response, "The Lord Prayer."
male quartet; hymn No. 118; recitative for
soprano (Messiah). Handel; (a) "Thore
Were Shepherds," (b) "And Lo! the An
gel." (c) "And the Angel Bald. 1 (d) "And
Suddenly"; chorus. "Glory to God" (Mes
siah). Handel: offertory, tenor solo and
chorus, "Cantlque de Noel." Adolph
Adam; "sermon; soprano solo, "Rejoice
Greatly" (Messiah) Handel; barytone
solo and chorus, "Nazareth." Gounod;
"Hallelujah Chorus" (Messiah), Handel;
organ include, finale, First Symphony,
Vlerne.
FIRST CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH.
Evening service— Recitative. "Behold: a
Virgin Shall Conceive." Mrs. Lei Car
roll Nicholson; aria, "O! Thou That Tell
est Good Tidings to Zlon"; "For Unto Us
a Child Is Born": "Glory to God"; "Behold
the Lamb of God": "Surely He Hath Borne
Our Griefs" ; "And With His Stripes We
Are Healed"; "All We. Like Sheep. Have
Gone Astray": "Lift Up Your Heads, O
Ye Gates." The solo numbers will be as
follows: "He Shall Peed His Flock."
"He Was Despised." "O: Thou That Tell
rst." Mrs. Carroll Nicholson, contralto;
"Rejoice Grf-atly." "Come Unto Me." Mrs.
Martin Schultz. soprano; "Thus Salth the
Ixird" (Handel). "But Who May Abide"
(Handel). Putnam Grlswold.
FIRST METHODIST CHURCH.
Morning service— Rev. E. R. Dille. D. D..
pastor; Rev. Paul Mansfleld,Spencer, as
sistant pastor; Mrs. A. A. Dewing, so
prano; Miss Caroline Little, soprano;
Miss Mabel Gray, contralto; W. W. Davis.
tenor; J. W. Maddrill. basso; the Stewart
string quartet, Alexander T. Stewart ilrst
violin. John R. Lewis second violin. Eu
gene Colby viola, B. Frank Howard 'cello;
Miss Fern Frost, pianist; Mrs. George F.
Waste!!, organist: J. M. Robinson. choir
master; organ. "The Manger" (Oulln
doxology; creed; "Come Near, Ye Na
tions" (Watson):
Come near, ye nations, to hear.
And hearken, ye people, let the earth
hear;
Let the earth hear, and all that Is therein.
The world and all things that come forth
of it.
For unto you Is born this day In t». city
of David
A Savior, which is Christ the Lord.
Glory to. God in th»; highest.
And on earth peace, good will toward
men.
Glory to God! . "'elula! Amen.
Responsive reading; Gloria; Scripture
losson; prayer; response: hymn No. l«CJ;
announcements; offertory; "Sing, O Sing
This Blessed Morn" (Leslie); the sermon.
"The Growth of the Christmas Spirit";
prayer; "It Came Upon a Midnight
Clear" (Sullivan); hymn No. 192; benedic
tion.
Evening— Organ, "Cantllene." Capoccl:
hymn No. IS6; prayer; response. "All They
of Saba Shall Come." Rhelnberger; f:
sj>on*lve rending; "Oh, Divine Redeemer*
(Gounod), Mr- A. A. I •.-win*; violin ob-
II pa to, Alex Stewart; largo from the
quartet "Aus Mrlncm Leben" (Smetna),
Stewart Quartet; "Glory to Heaven'"*
Eternal King" (Meyer-Helmund) Miss
Mabel Gray; offertory; "Angels From the
Realms of Glory," Brewer; responsive
reading; "Oh. Little Town of Bethlehem.""
Hawloy; "Tho Angelus" (Liszt). Stewart
Quartet: "The (Had Tiiiir.c*." Brewer:
hymn No. .'•■ benediction; organ, "Ber
ceuse," Schotte.
PIRBT BAPTIST CHURCH
Mot fiymn: r»
tnthem.
and choir; ■crtpture: i)r.i>>r.
"Holy, Hoi ■ hymn. on< rt
■«' I ...;;. I k>Unod), rtlulr;
violin obUsa » l S; sermn':
roun),
r. hymn; i.rga:
lude.
Programme for Sunday school song ser
vice Sunday evening: Organ voluntary:
song. "The Christmas Song." school; re
sponsive reading: prayer; anthem. "Prince
of Peace." choir; recitation. "Bethlehem's
Babe," Ruby Reese: responsive reading:
sonic. "Chimes of Beauty." school and
choir; recitation. "Crowded Out," Herbert
Pratt: announcement and offertory: read-
Ing. "The Coming of the Prince." Mrs.
Carrie Proal Snyder; song. "Star of Beth
lehem," school; responsive reading: »on>;.
"Joy to the World," congregation; ad
dress, pastor: solo and chorus. "We Can
not Bay Farewell," Clara Wilson and
*chool; benediction; postlude.
FIRST UNITARIAN CHI RCH
Morning ■enrloe— Organ .-■• i", ••M.-trrh
for ChrHtmas Festival" (W. T I
Miss Abba <>. KM!"»;»;; ■oprano
(Adams), Ml
organ, offertory in D rtat. (Salomet.
Miss Abbn <> Kellogg: tenor solo. 'Vhrlst
dui" (Shelley), F. C. Smith. ron:ral;'>
■010, "Birthday <>i th*» Klnt" (Neldllngen.
Miss May K. Harrington: Juet for viulln*.
"Noel" (Adams), K. C. and J M. Kendall:
duct, contralto and barytone, "The Lnnl
Is My Life" (Dudley Huck>. Mis? H.irrln*
toa and Dr. Edward »on A"lelung; po»t
iu«le in v (H. Smart), Miss Kellogg.
;;iniln Fay Mills will pr»-ach on
thf rabjeet, "The L»ay We Celebrate," a
Christmas sermon.
UNION-BTRKET PRESBYTERIAN.
Morning service — Anthem, "Bwhold. I
Bring You Glad Tidings" (Sir John 1 1
choir; offertory, selected. Miss Harriet
chamberlain; Christmas sermon. Her.
L>wlßht E. Potter: anthem. "Bejjln, My
Soul, the Exalted Lay" (A_ J. ilulden).
choir.
K\'-ning service. 7:30 o'clock— "Venlte"
'Kratzt. choir, anthem. "The Hjr<l I,et
- From Eastern Skies" (Emerson),
Mi-.- Harriet Chamberlain an<i choir: of
fertory, "In a Manser Lowly" <I >r Btei
rett). W. J sddress by the pastor;
anthem, "Calm on th>» Listening K.ir of
Night" (A.shfordt. Miss Llllle Ellen I
er and choir.
Appropriate hymns at both services.
Sopranos) Miss Harriet <'hamberlaln.
Ml-s Ruby Forxter. Miss Edith A. Whtte-
Miss Margaret Copper. Miss Stella
Borland, Miss < .r. 1 Piepenbers, m -
Anna Piepenberg. Mr* J R Loon, Mr
w P Bansome; altos- Miss Lliiir Kllen
• "••••lier. MISS E.stelle MathCSOn. Ml.-.-"
Kfflf E. Krole. Mrs. F I' Howland:
tenors— W J • lak.^s, 11 m. Hak'-r. Bert
Howley. J. fcl Whltehead: bassos— V V.m
Huaklrk. Albert V Long. Oe^rge Pnllltt,
organist; \V J. Oakes. choir director.
ST. PAULS EPISCOPAL.
Morning service. Sunday— Pastorale
Symphony <H;uiu>l>; processional. "While
Sh^phf-rris" (Tuuserc Qloiia Patri (Btain
er»; Magnificat tuid Nunc Dtmittua
(Stain^r); Christmas carol. "O Babe In
Manger Lying" iHarnby*. sermon. Rev.
Robert Rlt«-h!»'. f>(T»rtory. "Cantique dl
Noel" (Adams). Edwin D. Crandall: can
tata solo, •fhristmas Eve" (Niels Gadei.
Miss «ir»-tchen Bernett; chorus 0/ Ber-'
aphlns. sopranos and tenors; chorus of
shepherds, altos and bassos; retroces
sional. "It <"ani>> I'p«n a Midnight Clear"'
postlude. Christmas March (West).
On Miind l\ . Christmas day. as Is the
custom of Episcopal churches, a full serv
ice of morning prayer, sermon and com
munion will be celebrated. Communion
service will be at 8 o'clock a. m. and the
later service at 10:30 The following Sun
day. December 31. the full choir will re
peat some of the Christmas morning
music. In the evening of this same day
at 11 o'clock a midnight service will be
given. Dudley Buck's cantata, "A Soot
ÜBAycrntsM
of the Night." being the « -
the (.cession. Tl »
h<»ur and
entury.
I'rogramnie for < - nri!»tma>< morning
Peurn and Jubilate In t i<yrl-»
Klls,.n; cathedral.
' I<>llr .mteri.
Putnam <; v j
King: Agnus. D. I ; urn).
Harr\
ST. JOHNS EPISCOPAL.
Holy eucharist at 7:45 a. m.; morning
prayer and the ofllce of Institution at 11
?»-i m ; Th f. K J: Rev - Bishop of California,
William K. Nichols, will officiate ail
preach the sermon. Evening song at 7:ir>:
Arch Deacon Webber will preach the ser
mon. Christmas day will be observed at
St. John's commencing with the no.y
eucharist at 7 a. m., at * a. m.. and choral
celebration at 10:30 a. m. At the 10:l> a.
m. service the venerable Archdeactn
Webber will preach the sermon.
ROMAN CATHOLIC CHURCHES
High mass will h#» said In all of the
Roman Catholic churches in Oakland
At St. Francis de Sales Fathrr " Mc-
Sweeney will officiate and AbUnx'ji m*>*
will be sung.
Father M lily will officiate at St. Pat
rick's Church and Leonard's mass in 11
flat will be rendered.
Father Morrison will preach at the
Church of the Immaculate Conception,
and high mass will be said at the usual
hours.
Services in Alameda Churches,
MKI-A. Dec. 2.-At the First M. n.
Church special Christmas music wilt bo
furrii- mcrnlng and evening. A larg>»
platform ha betn erected that •\:-i ■: i
across the end of the church. largu
enough to scat tho enttre Sunday school.
In the morning thfc choir, consisting of
thirty vok«-s. will rtnd»r tho following
programme; Prelude. on:;in: i>r :■■:•. : i
hymn, school; anthem. "Hejotco, Upjolcf.
This liless-td Morn." choir; hymn. con«r»-.
nation; barytone solo. ••Christmas'";
"BrlKhteat and Best.*! mlx^d rjuartet; of
fertory, solo; anthem. ••Hlcsscd He th«
Lord." choir. In the evenimc th»» Sunday
school will tfxe Us Christmas cnterta.ln
m<?nt, assisted by the choir.
At tho vesper service at th* First I'nt
tartan Church to-morrow th»» following
programme will be Riven: Christmas Pas
torale (Chouven. organ: hymn. Itespon
■lve Service; "Master Supreme" (Steams >,
Grace Church quartet; readlns; ten<»r
solo, "Light of tho World" (Adams),
Clarence T. Wendell: prayer; "No^l*
(Adam), basq-harytone solo. S. Homer
Henley; sermon. Itev. G. K. D«>dsnn; of
fertory; "Now the Day Is Over" (Parks),
quartet; benediction: Processional Man li
In A (Gullmant), organ.
In accordance with th« custom of that
church, the Immanuel Lutheran Church
on Lafayette street will hold Chrlstma.l
services on Christmas day. Monday morn
ing at 10:9) o'clock. There will be special
music and Rev. H. i;. llaserodt will
preach the sermon.
Special services for the Bund.iv school
of th*» Imm:inii*>! Lutheran Church on I-i
fayette street will be held on Mond.ijr
evenlng. I>ecember 2T>. at 7 o'clock. Th»
children of the Sunday school will partici
pate In the exercises, after which th«
gifts from the Christmas trtc will be dis
tributed.
MISS CARMEN SUTTON
ENTERTAINS AT HEARTS
OAKLAND, Dee. ZL-Mlm Carman Sut
ton. daughter of Mr. ami Mrs*. Chart* *
Sutton. gave a "heart" party this after
noon from 2 to 0 o'clock to celebrate tho
fifteenth anniversary of her birthday.
The affair was* Very delightful and v.ll
given at tho Button home, ll'.l Poplur
street.
Miss Button had as her guests thlrt*
young girls t>etween the ages of 14 and 13,
having restricted her invitations to thopn
years, and received them In drawing
rooms that were In holiday decoration nf
wreaths. Christmas berries tied with
cardinal satin ribbon In gr^at loops nml
red candelabra. Refreshments wcr»»
served. The Misses LIMI.» Reeil nnd Vir
ginia Van Lob^n Se!s won tho first prix-s
offered, while Miss Nelda Fisher drew tho
consolation prti-
The guests invited were the Misses
Clara and Alice Law*. Madeline Belden.
Florence Goddnrd. Cornelia Stratton Lll-
II- Reed. Anil Thomson. Katherlno
P.rown. Isabel Kendall. Elsie ('amphHl
Vlrglnie Van Loben Sels. Ruth Houghton
Noelle d<» Golla. Gladys Harvey. N>l<*.i
Fisher Florence /elgenfuss. Jennn«-tt»i
Cuvelller. Letty Rarr>*. Ruth Kales. Rose
Kales. Alice Voice. Mary Hyd»», Kls}«
Schulllng, Bonnie Downing. Ji***!© Crnlg
Farnetta Davis. Ina English. Edlto"
Downing and Mndge James.
MISS ETHEL TENNANT
DIES VERY SUDDENLY
ALAMEDA. Dec. 21— Wn Ethel Ten
nant died at *:$) o'clock last evening nt
the Alameda Sanatorium after but a brl«*f
Illness. Death was due to peritonitis. An
operation was performed Wednesday
with the possible hope of saving tha
young lady's life, but she steadily grew
worse until death ensued.
Miss Tennant was the daughter of Mrs.
Alva Slnnett of 1524 Bay street. Bh<> was
a native of this Stntf and 18 years of age.
The greater part of her life was spent In
this city. She was an unusually beautiful
woman and very popular. The funeral
services will be held to-morrow afternoon
at 1:30 o'clock from the residence. Inter
ment will b* in Mountain View Cemetery.
BERKELEY AND WEST
OAKLAND ARE CONNECTED
OAKLAND. Dec. 23. — Th» proposed
chances 'n the running of the Oakland
Transit System's cars went Into effect to
day. The Berkeley and West Oakland
run Is now changed and Pledmoni earn
run on un extension line from Seventh
and Washington to First street. Work,
was kept up during the night and all is
now running smoothly with the new sys
tem.
For More Oakland See Page 26.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREE to MEN
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mai!
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medlral Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tied for years against the mental a.:d
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It
Is a home treatment, ' and all men who
suffer with any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, prematrra
loss of strength and memory, weak bark,
varlcocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where It I* needed.
It cures all the Ills and troubles that
come from years of tnisune of the nat-
ural functions and has been an absolut*
success In all cases. A rMM*t to in*
State Medical Institute. x> El'ktron
building. Fort Wayne. Ind.. stating that
you desire one of their free, trial park*
ages will be complied with promptly. The
Institute Is desirous of reaching that
great class of men who are unable to
leave home to be treated, and the freo
sample will enable them to see how easy
It Is to be cured of sexual weakness when
the proper remedies are employed. Th»
Institute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefuly sealed In a plain package, so
that Its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
requested, to write without delay.
2324
SAN ritANTISCO CALL.
T»T*ci\-t:p<; OFFICE of th» Pan Francisco
rt.!|, r. j:.t if M»rii«>t nnd Third MreMs. cpen
Bntfl 12 f*«-Tr»-l: every n!B*it In the year.
r.r.ANCII«.V'I"U:i:P-:.:7 Montromery -treet.
rorr.fi Clny: rprn until >23 p. m.
I'- 1 Rijnra street: oprn unt'.l 9_o p. t\.
t2> McAllister street; open until 9:59 p. nu
<".:> l.nrkin rtreet: <.;*-n ur.til 9:3-0 p. m.
IMI !Mlßs|nn rtreet: rj*r\ until 10 p. m.
120 M«:kct etrect, corner El_tec_th; open
cntll f p. m.
IM rievrnth rtrert: cr^n until • p. m.
J<v>C Valencia rtrect; cr^n until 9 p. m.
im Polk ttrtfet: open until • p. m.
Northwtst comer «>f Twenty-second and Ken-
• .. V.\ •••■ . :«: i i <•-! 'intil » P. m.
i Ml ;■« ti SERVICES.
I] A: Th 6 ?>tk*kocps" sabbath Ko*if
I <i4Oi 4 0 H(.»«r4 St. Methodist- Es<!soot_,
>J Ci...i.'i bet. sl&. 3lSt*. Seats Ree.
i. Urv. Dr. J ( '-.n A. U. Wilson. P«*tor
't)' 1 l'sH litfS " tht Church - Tel. Black «en.
LkU •-•*4 A 111 lvii. .wstree'Jrr > Aw.it >«■
"Vv tatj ft* 11 a. m., M-rman. "A Prepared
4 P'^t !_-» w orM For a Prepared Advent."
!S*l_M_U_3 ;:M|> " 7iiv ttfllty Of the Advent."
___r_r_? Ie» M Uf j c j ur the diy. Tt-.rvmas Ore^n.
the great t'T. t. In "Noel' 1 i.Sdam). and M!s«
■:.:,.;> L_ak In *1 Will Magnify Thee 1
M ■•■:.th;il|. Ar.thrru and chorus »«>lo. Mies
' h!tiliiKir_. Hi-nln?. rrchestra of twelve
ieeet »111 arMst thP choir. Pclotna, Mlß»e«
• I 1 and Etht-1 l'.'riiins and the marvelous
barytone, Ar.K-n Hlltcn. .
U -.S Hnl?« Bupfiay. December It. I«>9
-ter PrrrS7tirian Churth. corner
Wcbrtcr an.l Pcce rtreets-Euger.e H. Avery.
I* D. TH»-tnr. Frank J. Thayer, rrganlsU
«'r«ran preladfl, "L^rgo." Han.iei; "Jubilate."
tn !l flat. R<«r*: •Hark. What Mean Thu»e
H<\t\.-r.;y V.4c-»." soprano and alto Boloa,
Hcbnedker; "Cta'lrtmaa" 'soprana »i>l^ Mm.
Prank J. Tfcsycr); Ebelly; "Angela From the
:: . ::> of Clary." bch.ii?ck<T; orgiui. post-
Judt-. In the oxonir.c t!:- 1 aVive will b<» rv-
peate. rad !n addUiiw "Th» Holy City"
(tenor •■• 10. W. H. I>avts». Adan.s. Th» choir
Is eomj^mti at Mt>. IVatik J. Thayer. Mrs.
Frank M. <Ir»«nwuod. nojirano; Mm. Dr. F.
n c:.r-, «-t.-r. Miss Mabel WUeon. alto; W. 6.
Davla. Cnarlra D. SorUirup. tenor; J. N.
ElchenbWTgi Carl Itoyan. bans.
CALVARY PrrtbytcrUm Church, comer P.^w-
rll and <;»Krj - Htwti- Rev. Jchn HeTTphlll.
D. I». pastor. rVrviee* at 11 _. m. and 7:3)
p. tn. In the «»vrnir.g a short evangelist ti' tnJk
. n •<;:► t*;:;!stsnaii Gift to Va a:id Our* to
CwJ." Music, morning— ChriMma* anthem.
■-; '. to Won* Shepherd*." Chad wick; <>frer-
• M. -o, Th-u That Tilllrt." Dudley Hurk.
Uasio, ever.inc— Tlie evening ■CTVlce will be a
> hristn_ _ acnx aervlca. with sr-Uctiotis from
tb* orat irlo of th< ••Me^^;ah." and other
compoaltlona vith ChrUtmaa hymns by the
oongrecalio— ■ All are made welcome.
HOWARD T'rwbyterlan 'Cliurch, Oak and
r >r Ftreets— -At 10:*f» a. m.,- Rev. .Tames
' ■ lev At 7;tS p. m.. la>t i»f s-»rmons by the
r. Rrv, J. S. Th -n-.is. <>n "My CreM:
! • '.. 'I Relieve In U.e God-man.' *' Excep-
•'. • i:>- r.ne C!;r!^tm_« music, morning and
evening, under direction cf W. F. Hoc.ke,
orcanlst. Ekinday acaool at 12:1 S. Christian
Endeavor mc-ctinc at C:4S. Wednesday even-
ing meeting _t 7:45. The public cordially
•..••l.
: r PACL*B CTmreli. Canf>irn'.a tt.. rear Flll-
mor*-. Rev. W. Maxwell Rei'.ly. rector. Rev.
\. C. Wilson. a*rUtant.— Holy conimunii->n.
7 ?.i n. m.; tnorntr.c >er\lce ar.'l sermon by the
rei-tor. 11 o'clock; evening prayer and sermon,
by R-v. A. C. Wilson; Christmas day holy
communion, J_W a. m. Morning eerx-lce anl
address. 11 o'clock. Fpeclnl Chrl«tmn_ muslo
I FT Paul's vested quartet nn3 chorus choir;
! iT'.nstcr. Jamr*s Hamilton Howe.
. : • U C ■;•?!. corner Twenty-first and
Caj'P nrwt»-nfv. J. N. Heard. D. D.. pastor.
II h- m.. m*a f hinT by the pastor; *übj«*ct.
•''!■ • « ",ir King." Sunday school at 12:4">
t>. m . J. <! Sunche't, •tij«-rir.tender.t; C:l3
r>. m . Epworth I*-*k\ip, M.m C A. Frhrace.
;■!■ i- ■,'•:,•.: 7:30 p. in.. Christmas choral *t-r-
vlrv by :h<* choir. All an» cordially Invited.
free.
FlfiST <'.'T-.-rT^tl.>n_l Church, comer P.->^t and
Uaaon ttx*eta->R*v. _«««• C. Ad_ms. D. D..
: art< r, will rr»-ach at 11 a. m. Pervlcei ap-
ir>>] iiat" tn i 'hrt>tnM. Special mufio by the
rbnlr. Har.ut-: D. M«.yer. orsanist and chotr-
raaster. Mornin. theme, "Now, When Jesus
W_s TVim." Evening 7:."tt. Christmas sor.g
*prv!r». w!t_ _?Ire*n Iv the pa_tor. Theme,
"Tii* M*_Bln_ « f th> % Mar.per."
V. r.ST Plde <'hrlvi!an Church. Rui=h i>t.. r.ear
1 >«-\iraili-ro. — Preaching tr.<rnlng and evening
by the pastor. Rev. Walter M. White. Morn-
liig N'lanx "The Oaa I*uri' f " > f of Chrlat'a
■ Oralag.V Evening eermon. 'Ture In Heart."
«*?irl«tmas rauric by the choir morning and
CA-euing. Sunday pchool. 10 a. m.; Y. P. S.
•' R-. «38 ).. m. The public cordially invited
to all srr\i^e».. Prayrr r.»etlng Wednesday
• •vi n'.tiE. 7:3rt. Hot horn* lurch served in the
parlora Thursday, 12 to 1:30.
THE : • : Ivlne Si lenr* Church. M. E. Cra-
!:.•••. ;n>! r-I'r:'. n < 'liriMtnas at 11
n. m.; r-hort rp«^ch<*a. Unices every Punday
tn Yosemlta Hall. Nntlve S.^ns* bulldlne. Ma-
- :- •(.. between 'Vary and Post.
riTl^T Chnrch nt Clirlst. FciTitlst. Central
I'Ji'ck. fJ." Sutter Ftr»rt. betweea Kearny and
<Jratit _\cnu»'--C^riftlan Ifclenr? RlMe lesson
. at 11 _. m. ; *ul>J»<-t. "'^htlst.-iln ft-lrnc*."
Punday nch >•■! for chllJrw at the vain* hour.
U'*_pe*day .\«-n!nR in<^tlV.g ut S o'clork. All
are v.-. Icoine.
CHI ItCH ! •I'-Hiiß Christ <-.f lAtter-Dny P»!nu
• iMrrs ii a. m. and T:4S p. tn.. Sunday.
I'fcee. 24. Elder H»rrr C. Sharp will ad.lress
the evening cencrfc-ntlon on "Morrr.oniem."
Al! weld niK. No f^:]f»ctlon?.
Tirn<. • • • cmre ct God will b* preach-
«■■! Nt Wvlcmne Hall. (CS Howard it., this
•Cbi ■ ■-i eve, d ■>'. n. ut * o'clock, by
I>-aMr»liFt A. 15. Arrirrt'~n; prals* cpiri^e,
mnn ndrc at 7::;0; Mrs. Arrir.gti n ha»
kindly ransreted to sing. Com* and hear this
raltlifal wilncaa t< r < ur now absent Lord.
.• - • NATION Auditorium. Mafon and
plrr*l»— Mi_>J mt-eting for mm nn!y this after-
r-»'Ti at 2 '.'clo<-.k. Adi!re»-« hy Rev. Iwa.-
:»li.y >t\ "Hac Man .i ul?" Good music;
r.;:*; • rtlce. All young m<"n Inrlted.
"Mi; : • • ♦: ,1 Boelety— Wee publlo lecture
••vrry Kunrtay at * \>. m., ronur Seventh anil
Market f-trr^t^. To-nUht. "<"hrlstrnaJi and
tV.i« Oirlxt." »>• W. J. Walters. Ortdrn
« li- in. it a. m. Inquir-rw* clashes Tuesday,
I P ?n. : Ttitirwinj's. Z:W p. m.
Mi:i:ri\_>--t ulVfTKal llrotherhuod.
TIM OPOPHICAL Society !n Amrrlca, M<* Mnr-
k-t rt.-1.»-nir!.t"ii fu!ii«ct. "Th* World* Sa-
• . ' 111 1 K. IZ'.U-ts T. SlHt^r and Dr. J. A.
Andersnn. International nrotherbood league
Tvj l lay n'.c!.t: subject, '"The fry cf Pain."
MEETINGS _ INDAY.
FREE I'-rture this evening at X «'rlix-k on "Th*
Evr4utlon of the Intellectual and Scientific
Ing \\." iVstttT," ly '•»"• 3. I •«•!•♦•«■ K or-
gan p! I ■•■ i. and X.'s n^-trlo S.ijiit:irluni,
Cti -i :i. ;i. Pythian Cknis-. i*n Uarket »t.;
fo'.:ow«-.l ly m_e~rac*_l \lows << the llcly
Land Th'-se at!' •■. l!n^ t'i!* l<"rtui« mhy prt>-
c_r- free tickets t" the wnnderful X-Ray rx-
liti.it l. rj it t),. Htnltaiium. cor of Uarket
:.r. I .*.! m« n ht.«.. Taeaday o\enlnjt next.
BOCIRTT of iTosrr skJv« Srlrttuaittts. Ooridf-n-
tal Kail, corner I_^rkin and McAllister st»..
Sunday «t IM t> m. ; fp^aker. Mrs. R. 8.
Mlllt; rtibjen. ' "Christ on Earth To-day."
AT DR. RINGS' Spiritual Society. 9^9 Market:
11. free; 2-*,; Mr». Beeley-Oreen; Dr. lUnes;
U'ednraday, Dec' 2?, grand testa. SSt Mc-
A!!Ut<T St.. R p. m. •
< HU.l'in'N'R I*rogre?:»<lve Lyc-um. Free Pplr-
lturiU I-ibrary. l«X Market. 10:3 J. Chrlstmaa
:<-;:vhI Monday evening.
• •: I. culture fr*« merting. Sun. and Thum.
rvf* ; j ..• i-iv rr«ftln.T Wed. 10:30 a. m.; t2l
Turk *_ 11. 11. Rrown.
PR. NELLIE REIGHLS: win reopen h«r office*
In (ha .....-:. i . ; ;i> ■ •i-ir I ■i.:.1::.,* 1 ••: Market
Mrert. tm Jrnuor>' 1-
MRS- C..J. MEY-tlt-Chrlstmoa eve te»t meet-
Inr: nil wrli-nnv: testa cverj- night, 19e; 235
U< VIUi let at.
«TIIIJP'''MAS meeting t<-»-n!fiit nt Elwrhardt's,
_.".O 21 1 i m.. 1-t. Valencia and Mission; ad. lf>c.
«'. V. MILLS R*B Karre l^-r.lght and to-mor-
n»w. s !■ m.; i**. 4\pl , \*+x eawuyUi irtreed.
'- 1. \ :r\iv. v;i n.- J-j.ii *? i ( turn demonftrated.
UrR W»-< t' % v Vii r. !!argrav>» & Ow, ad. free.
T.:t:s. CINCIinSTEIt ICIO rul- f circle to-
nisl'ti S; 7-wt.lay. 2 r>. m. for_ ultatirm dally.
Utlß. JENNIE ROniXSON r»-turntMi; can be
fmsn-i at IWC Market Kt.: optx-nrtte Tenth.
FREE cUata Tuesday eve.. 205 Larkln ft., r. 14;
,<li in'iiMra tlur.s in hi-llns; all welcome.
MME rOTTNCTB convlnclt:~ t»t!t rircle to-nUht!
60S UcAillster ft.: i9e:>-i>Tne. rkeptica: •
MRS MAio r TE\ ; ANSri« B-KthtSdrdeCtUe:
to-day 2 and By.ni; readings dally.
MRS."' MEN A FRANCIS, indepen 'eat slate
wrltinn minium. 11* Haight »t.
SIKCTING \'- ■It 1 V
PTOCKHOLTiERS' meeting— The annual meet-
ing of. <he rtoc-khnldTM of the Callfcrn:.i Dry
rvirk 'di;ni.«ny will V>«» lieM rt the nftice of
the oomiJiny. No. 502 <"»llf">rnla ftretrt. Sun
Francisco. Cal.. on MONDAY. January !>.
l«) 0. at 11 o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of
clef-ting a board of directors to M-rve for the
rnsultie yar and for tho transaction of such
tithrr bosir.ws as inty timperly rome before
the mretlnj;. W. F k Rrss»:LL.-Sc<Tetary.
'Of Bee, "No. '202 Ollfrrnia «t.. r-xan 3. San
Franciaro. OaL. Deotmber 24, Wit.
THR annual tne«-tlne of the stockholders of
Trie Nevada. National Dank of San Francisco.
Cal.. will be held at Us banking hcune. 3CI
Montgomery *t.. San Francisco, Cal.. on
TUESDAY. January ». l! 00. at 2:ls o'clock p.
m.. fc.r the eWtlon r.f dlrectori to aerve for
the t'nrulr.g v< ar. and the transaction of cuch
»ther business as may come before the meet-
Ing. GEO. ANT. Secretary,
fan rrarc'.FCo, December i. XE33.
BIEETIXG NOTICES.
PACIFIC IxvJge. No. 155. I. O. O. F. _-»aEsSttft_
- Officers and members will plea><? _V2sSs®_
assemble at 3413 Army street. l>e- 'Sft'PlJt't?
\\\f*-:\ Doli •!-»•« nnd Church. MON- •"«»£l»**
DAY. December 25. 1SJ!». at 1:30 p. m.. to
attend tlie funeral of p.itOTHER MATHIAS
HANSON. Fines for non-atu-ndanoe.
F. L. TURPIN, Noble Grand.
FRANK P. ASIIWOKTII. Rec. t*c.
UEMBERS pf th« Ban Prnncljco ». C 7 v
Thistle Club are rt-yuostod 5\ KfyJ
to attcnl the next retular meeting X_kX£*
THURSDAY. Dec. Li. Tickets for **s?> ! *
the Hogmanay banquet will tx> distributed.
COMMITTEE.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
Ing of the tt.«okho!ders of the Wittram Pro-
peller Company vill be held at their office.
T27 Market st.. Fan Francisco. California, on
MONDAY, the eighth day of January. 150".
Nt the hour of 3 p. m.. for the purpose of
fleeting a board of directors to serve for the
ensuing year, and the transaction of such
other bus-lnefs as may come before- the meet-
ing. CHARLES A. HUG. Bee.
Office. r;7 Market st.. San Fr_ncl»co. Call-
frrr.in.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
APVICE free; R. W. KING, sixth floor. Chron-
icle building: no advance charges; all cases;
e*tatw«. mortgages, damages, collections;
bankruptcy; wills, etc.. drawn; moderate fees;
call or write.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fen without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, ntty ut law. K0 Market, cor. Ptocktn.
ADVICE fr»e: m eharrc unless Fuccessful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market Bt.. opp. Mason.
T. H. MERZ.HACH. attorney at • w has re-
sumed practice at M> Cal. «.. Clunle bldg.
L P. CLARK. Emma Sprr-ckels blip.. 927 Mar-
krt »t : cp-«u!tatlon free; no fee* in advance.
nu » i.i: REPAIRING.
THOS. H. R. VARNBT. Market and Tenth.
RAMRLER AND IDEAL RICTCLES.
REPAIRINO A SPECIALTY.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
A— THE NORMAN DlEr_^6^Eidy—^ewijnfur^
r.!sl;<»d throughout: thoroughly renovated an 1
papered: sunny mites and single rooms; hot
water in even 1 room: new management: ta-
ble roardrrs arrrmmi>lat.Hl: excellrnt table;
will he rfady to receive cuegts January 1.
EDDY. 123— I'r.ltod States lintel; rooms $t TO
wk up. with txT.rd $5 .'.O; suite for two with
board, |U; bnard. Jl week; meals. 25c; ele-
vator runs all r.lcht.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT. 1714 Market — Elegant
now furniture; flrst-clnss In every respect:
table Unnirpaased; hot and cold water; ele-
vator: buiiKs, with board for 2. $."0 mor.th up.
NEW faintly hotel; first-class In all appolnt-
mtnts: excellent taMe. Sfl7 California et.. oc-
cupylrg ccrner oiposite Grace Church.
•T.ELGRAVIA HOTEL!" Polk anl CUy-Sun-
ny Fultof : best board; for 2. $45 up; slr.gle. J2O.
LAS PALMAP.I?2'i Mark»t Ft.— Suite of : or I
rms.; private; batli; sin. rms; board optional.
tUM.OOO TO loan on dlamonis.watches.Fllver.seal-
fklr.s. ;inno». guns. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
LOKOWORTH. f*2 Geary-Larpe suites, bath.
f' r 8 or 4 (rcntlcmen; excellent table board.
O'FARRELL, 742-Clean. oomfortable rooms;
good tnble board; terme to holiday transients.
VAN NES? aye., 944— Suites or single room*
with board; furnished or unfurnished.
CHEAPEST ar.d best In America— The Weekly
Call, 1* paces, sent to any address In the
I r!teil Ptntes ro«tT>r\M. for *1 rrr rear.
HOARD # \ND ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED, by couple— Two ...... . with
K>ard. in American private family, vicinity
Van Ness rvp ; references exchanged: Ptate
t*rms. Box i:j\ Call cfTice.
YOUNG married couple desire room and board
in private family: ncrth of McAllister and
weft of Jones st. Address box 8."3. Call.
FIRST-CLASS room and board wanted: no ob-
Jectlon If part or the whole in exchange for
vocal and piano lessons; by leading singing
teacher cf S. F . who«o office is in central lo-
eitlm. TVt inn. rr n ll offlre.
BOARDING i nit CHILDREN.
WIDOW at own home would care for children
or invalid: references exchanged. Call Sun-
day. 1?47 Ptanyan st.
HOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
FCHOOL ROOKS bourtt^ar^VxchXnge.V
H-ilm^ r-nk Co.. 704 Ml«slp a St.. near Third.
BOO! - AM) SHOES.
SPECIAL 1 .! SPECIAL.!!
tCK) palm infants' patent leather shoes, glz« s
1 to €. Ssc pair; mnll orders tilled. People's
Shoestotv. 113 Stockton st.. near Rroadway.
UI'SINESS CHANCES.
HRANCH bak*ry, candy, notions store, with
roomy; bargain. COWING & CO., Mi Market.
AN acceptable ynuns man wanted to Join me
in a business that will realise from JIOOO t<j
JK^ii if-r month; must have from JluOO to I12C")
• cash: only principal* having the actual cash
. dealt with: no soh< me or fake, but a genuine
. t.uaim-M proposition; particulars only by ptr-
*nnal interview. RON US, b.x 1128. Call.
DIVIDENDS paid every. week; can withdraw
Investment end dividends either or both,
without notice; no Board of Trade specula-
tion; particulars free. Co-operative Trust
Co. fine). Chicago.
WANTED— Partner with JKOO to start hlgh-
tr.ncd i-ar-er sausage factory by a new process;
*.->rr.otl)lng extra good; Mg money for right
party. I.cx l. r J7. CaJl offW.
OPPORTUNITY of a lifetime; IK* a month for
an investment of t~A; stationery and type-
writer business. Address box v,43. Call offk-.\
WANTED— An energetic live buslness^ man
with $;h>o to invest in a new busln<.-_t; profits
large. Ilox U29, Call office.
WANTEI*— Tn know icmo one ... bicycle
tiuslncm who wants to sell out. Address box
7V4. C.ill office. Oakland.
P»— RESTAURANT: 25c menls; f!n«« location-
business; munt nell. HASILE. 8 Eddy.
VERY cheap: butter and egg business; clears
_J75 por m»nth. R«x ir.ll, fall oflieo.
t2OU) -PARTNER wanted in old established
■ business. H»x 1714. <'all office.
SALOv.»X and gr'.ctry fixtures frr pale cheap,
cr will sell with stock as It standu if sold be-
fore Jantiary 1. Inquire at S>J2 Fremont st.;
cnll in the mornine.
FIRST-CLAPS fruit store for sale; southeast
corner Fourth and Minna Us.; good trade;
a rare chance.
TOR sale— Good fruit Mon»; with 3 living mm.;
old estahlli-hfMl; rent $12; prW 173. 130 Eighth.
HA RISER shop and cigar store for sale; price
fy-1. Hox 17»7. Call.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from QEO
W. CASWncLL & CO.'S. 412 Sacramento st. '
| PLUMISINO shop: stock and shop tools; In a
I good location. Rox USL Call office.
FOR sale cheap— Candy, bakery and stationery
store. 2557 Eighteenth st.
BHOP for painter, plumber, carpenter; rent
*nd more In work. \VM. UENDRICKSON
- CO.. 614 Call building.
GOOD opportunity to secure a well-established
furniture business; account of sickness 83}
Rroadway. Oakland. Pioneer Furniture Store,
GOOD-PAYING route on Examiner; 710 papers
Apply 424 Filbert st. papers.
LOCKSMITH business for sale; 10 years in the
same plac«. HI McAllister st.; residence 81J
Webster nt.
A nRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tlf><*rr.fntß and Fubscriptlons has been opened
fct 1223 Polk St.; cpen until S p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at IC9« Va-
lencia et. rt i -
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
■Utecrtptlona has b«y>n established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Fts. ; npen until 9 p. m.
CARKIA GES AND WAGONS.
BAKERY, also laundry wagon; fine top bugry.
alnv.'M new; bus. buggy, new; bus. wagons!
new. suitable dry goods stores. S2S Harrison.
ALL kinds of wagons, bugcles, carts, harness,
etc . cheap. E'IAN I SON. 2117 Mission ft.
lfo Fi;TS Pfrond-hand harness; wagons, carts,
bu-ul-v. surrtys .ttid horses. 1140 Folsom st.
————————— —^-_^______
CAttPET HEATING \M» CLEANING.
WHEN you become dlssrusted with poor work
nnd to SPAULDING'S J'loneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 253-357 Tehan»a st.; tel. S. 40.
CITY Steam Carpet Roatlng Wo7k7 G. II
STEVENS, mgr.. S<«-40 *th st.; tel. South 2W.
J. UeQUEBN*- California Carpet Clf-aning Co..
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st ■
tel. Mnln 2>4. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor. '
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at Sc
STRATTONB. 3 Eighth Bt.; til. Jessie 944. '.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 249 14th
ft.; cleaning. »c per yard: tel. Mission 74
CONKLIN-S Carpet-beating Worka, IS3 Golden
Gate aye.; trlephone East 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds' and
Compound Pante; a household blessing: a wire
.cure for poison oak. BAMUEL SEYMOUR
Asent. Office asd factory, :i gpeax ft. '
TITE SAN FKAtfCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1809.
clairvoyants and spiritualism.
mrsTdr. CLARK, "
the well-known trance medium, may bo con-
sulted on all affairs of life. While entranced
she reveals every hidden mystery; she will
show you how to overcome your enemies; re-
move family trenbles; restore lost affections;
unite the M-parated; recovers lost or stolen
property; loca tea minerals: tells your entire
life, while In ■• perfect trance; satisfaction
guaranteed by mail; send stump fur circular
with special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK,
203 Turk n., nr. Jones. Home Sun. and eves.
A— PROFESSOR MAY. '
ALWAYS SEE THE REST.
123 TL'RK STREET.
He excites the wonder and admiration of th»
most skeptical ; gives advice on love, business
and domestic trouble; unites the separated and
restores lost affection ; if In doubt, trouble or
adversity call on this gifted medium and he will
help you; mediums developed In from 3 to 6
months; letters containing three question* and
$1 answered: hours, 9 to £: Sunday, 10 to i.
MME. ADA. wonderful gifted magnetic healer,
rheumatism, blemishes of the face, etc. ;
hours, 10 a. m. to o p. m. 1343 Howard st. ;
advertisement In Sunday paper only.
MME. A. CERVANTES, th. celebrated Spanish
fortune teller; best advice In difficult mat-
ters. 8 Hayes st.. room 7. second floor.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, 1104 Market St.. trance,
test medium; life reader and medical clair-
voyant; treats all diseases; Fittings SI.
MME MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth Bt.. near Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader; sit-
tings dally. 212V4 Sixth st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry, ::■■. truth or no pay. 1143 Mission.
MME. ZEREDA of 6 Seventh st. Is the original
gypsy life reader; readings, Isc
MME. HANSON, palmistry. 10c; card reader:
past, present, future, tsc. 14S Sixth St., r. 12.
MRS RANKIN, card reader and palmist. 903
Mission St.. near Sixth.
EDWARD EARLE. Independent slate writer.
S3O Ellis st.; circle Sun. and Wed. evenings.
YOUR future told by card*. 2Sc. 102«-4 Sixth St.,
10 a. m to 8 p. m.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German upoken. 921^_ Mlsalon.op Mint.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; nan..-' given; 25c an. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYUILXE-Cradle to grave; future hus-
l-and'n picture. 2".c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
COLLECTION ICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
ltss suoceysful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
JERSEY. 53?— Rear cottage, 4 rooms; basement;
imter free: rent $<5.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIQGINS' dental parlors. 927
Market st.. over Caff Zlnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity. ga_ or
chloroform; al^o by local nnaesthetics applied
to the fe-ums; tho best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fllllncs
from 11 up; other fillings from 50e; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and tilled or
crowned without pain; platt-s that fit from
$4 £0 up; open evenings an Sundays.
A NEW anaesthetic for painless dentistry—
Bynol, on application to the gums, removes
th»» pain; se«» our flesh -colored plates: thinner
an.l stronger than ruMx-r; anted for M
year?; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; tilling*. 60c; crowns. $3 CO; plates,
full pet. $3; all w<.>rk painless an.l warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, Si» Mar-
k- 1 it., ccr. 4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without p!at<*s our specialty: cold crown-.
$3 50 up. plates, extractions free, $4 SO up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 2) O'Farrell St.. ex-
tractH ami fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
. ful secret method: crowns. $2; bridges. 14:
n:bt>er or flexible plates. \S; received I first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. U43 Market St.. near
Eleventh— Crowns, bridge work and finings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
VAN VROOM-Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10 oper-
ators: no students. NT Market st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 233 Kearny. cor. Rush-
Full let of teeth. $4; crowns, $3: fillings, 25c.
LOWEST prices in S. F. : work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists, 963 Mission, cor. 6th.
Guaranteed dentistry. (I per week; refer to &»>
city patients. Esmond I>nta| Parlors. 43 6th.
SET of teoth without plate. DR. 11. G.
YOUNG. ISU Polk et.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.: ft graduate opera-
t -r*- • op»n evenings an<i Sund:tv«. Sr,o Markot.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking School: leading sys-
tem: easy payments; evg. classes. 103 Post.
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring Parlors;
French tailoring •s>>tom taught. 305 Van Ness.
PARISIAN <lre.-«mnklng. CS7 Geary; dre»sen
m.Tle, }5 up; dro«?os made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 P..st. overO'Connor A Moffatt
< ATIONAL.
! HEALD'S Business College, 21 Post St., S. f :
I practical courses in bookkeeping, shorthand.
I typing. languages. telegraphy. English
i branches, civil, electrical ami mining engl-
i m-ering. etc. ; :.e.w SO-pago catalogue free.
| ALL official reporters* of this city advise stu-
I dents to go to Gallagher's Shorthand Insti-
tute. Parrott building; be wise; follow their
advice; be thorough; life scholarship |jO.
ATRES Ruslness College. 723 Market St., con-
ducted personally by Mr. ntid Mrs. Ayres;
life scholarship $50. includes all branches.
ALL students but two taking full course
th!* year cot positions. SAN FHANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE, 12CG Market st.
ENGINEERING school. civil, electrical, mining,
tnech.. survey, assay, arvhl.; day and even.;
est.JSeji^ VAN DEll NAILLEN. M 3 Market.
MIPS M. O. BARRETT la umiMe to fill all de-
mands fur her shorthand cm-iuat'-s; lessons
personally and by mall. Ml Montgomery st.
SECURE an «>xi^rl"nred teacher. I'Rojr.
MERKI. K<i« Mission; violin, jnandolin. gui-
tar; rensnr.nble.
YOUNG lady would like to teach wood carving
and mandolin. Box lt«.'.. Call.
TRANSLATION of English Into Spanish; les-
sons clvon also. Box IMS, Call.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin: reasonable, terms;
thorough Instruction. Studio. Ml Geary, r. 17.
THE Hitchcock School. San Rafael, for young
men und boys; Easter term lx-glns Jan. 7
ACTING nnd vaudeville people put on stage.
Hall»tt. Lyceum Theater, 310 O'Farrell st.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bull-
ness College. Mi Larkln at., opp. City Hall.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught;
prlv.or class. Barker's Academy. V 27 Mission.
LAW schools. 927 Market. 8. F.. and 905 Broad-
way. Oakland: day and night; correspondence.
BOOKKEEPING, aiithmetl writing
day and nieht: terms low 1"24 Mission. nr 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHECM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 42C Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
FIELD'S Employment Agency— Help furnished
free. (55 Clay st.; phone Davis 821.
JAPANESE Information bureau: Japanese and
Chinese help. 421 Post: phone Main 1986.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414 V& O'Farrell St.; tel East 426.
, JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
I help til'' i OAK I. 30 Geary St.: tel. Grant 26.
I.MI'LDiMI.M WAN 111. X .;MU.K.
WANTED— My a middle-aged woman of refine-
ment a pGKltlon as governess or nurse, nursery
Kuvernes* or nurse for an Invalid. Address
box 17M). Call office.
WANTED— ny middle- woman of refine-
ment a i".t>!tlnn is housekeeper or for light
housework where she can be treated as one
of the family. Address box it o3, Call office.
WANTED— By young lady In flm-dam family.
a bosltlon as waitress or chambermaid and
waitress; can plve city references. Address
box 1C64, Call office.
GERM woman wishes plain sewing to do at
home. S2l Mission st . room 1.
SITUATION wanted— Housekeeper for family
or widower; food cook; nurse; fond of chil-
dren. AddrcF.s box 726. Coll office. Oakland.
1 $loft.< v » TO loan on diamonds, watches, silver,
fklnx, pianos, guns. Uncle Harris, IS Grant ay.
YOUNG lady wishes position as accompanist on
the piano with one or mur.- Instrument*. Ap-
ply $a:D Howard st
WINCHESTER House. 41 Third st. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; St to $15) night; $1 10 to (6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggacc to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
•received at Call branch ofrtce. 2>o Killmnre st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions ha« been established at the
north corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. :  j
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
] tlsf menu and subscriptions has been opened
, at 1223 Pollt sj,; open until 9p. m, ;
EMPLOYMENT ANTED MALE.
TWO reliable and experienced single men (Ger-
mans); one 33 and other in years; like to take
charge of orchard or farm; will keep house
themselves; reasonable wages expected. Ad-
dross or inquire W. AUGUST, 1112 Kansas
street, near Twenty-third, city.
WANTED— Position in wholesale house after
January 1, as assistant bookkeeper and stten-
oKnipher; eight years' experience; references.
Address STENO. IZi Taylor street.
WANTED Position at groom In a private or
livery stable, H. D'ARLOW, Hotel Dewey.
East st.
YOUNG man, 15 years of age. desires position
In wholesale grocery house. Address F.
RODRIGUEZ. 41C Minna street.
WANTED— By young man— an honorably dis-
charged volunteer soldier— carpenter work; am
a grxxi carpenter. Box 1546, Call office.
COACHMAN, competent man. thoroughly un-
•deretar.da his business in all branches, de-
sires a permanent situation. As to qualifica-
tions. Al references, etc.. address C. S., 1U22
Jackson et.
MOST reliable American, with neat truaty
wife, no children, will care for rooming hotel.
or do night watching. Box 1532, Call ofllce.
YOUNG man of education would give good,
honest services for board and room If allowed
to attend Hustings L.: School; best of ref-
erences. Address box 1529, Call.
MUSICAL team wish a position to Join some
show; small wages. AdJrtsa box 1527, Call.
WANTED— Employment on a -man's
place; understands care of horses, carriages,
harness, cows and chickens; or will take
charge of small dairy of cows; Is strictly tem-
perate and reliable. Address box 1723. Call.
SITUATION by man and wife with one boy 10
years old; woman K<>od plain cook: man make
himself useful; both young; city or country.
Apply W. R., C 39 Golden Gate . ..•.
WANTED an industrious, steady man.
carpenter work in the country. Address box
15J0. Call ofllce.
Jino.ooo TO loan on diamonds, watches.silvcr.seal-
hklns. pianos, guns. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
POSITIONS wanted by experienced man and
wife on ranch. Address box l.'S2. Call nfllce.
EXPERIENCED n« manaser In a family
liquor store or saloon; first-class barkeeper;
In the city or country; speak English and
French fluently: also Hrst-class driver. Ad-
dress box ir.5T). Cnll office.
■
ENGINEER, first class, familiar with electric
and Ice machinery and heating, want! posi-
tion; good reference. Rox ir,56. Call ottlce.
INDUSTRIOUS, sober and honest man, un-
derstands the care of horses, cows, garden
work, has porter experience and Is handy
with tools, desires position. Box 50S, Cal..
WANTED— Ry an experienced salesman, situ-
ation In a general merchandise store; best of
references; have boen over 7 years with
present employers. R., box 526. Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements am! Hihpcrlptlons
received nt Call '.iranch office. 2200 l-'lllmore ts.
A THAN' ofllce for Call ndvertisements and
subscriptions his been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for tha reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
ftt 1223 Polk st.: open till 9 p. m.
EXCHANGE.
EXCHANGE for vacant lots or ranch, equity
In 12-room house: lot 150x140. and stable in
Oakland. Box 15U. Call office.
1 WILL exchange a valuable pntent for a
grain, stock I r fruit ranch; this article Is In
use even day. Address FRANK YOUNG.
Woodland. Yolo, County. Cal.
FIRST-CLASS business for an Alameda house
nnl lot. Address box ir». r >3. Call office.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
INFLAMED eyes, or continuous eye trouble
an at once be overcome with .Jlnyerle's Ger-
man eye water, by mall. We. GEORGE MAY-
ERLE. German Expert Optlr-lan, 10714 Mar-
ket ft.. San Frnnclsco: telephone Mint 257.
-
FLATS TO LET. ,
ELEGANT new flit; 6 rooms and bath; large
basement. 713 Grove st. :
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed list
ycu nt from BALDWIN _ HOWELL. 13
Montgomery st.
FLAT of 5 rooms and bath; newly papered and
painted. 100S Ouern-ro st.
FLAT of 7 rooms, $15: one cf I rooms, $10;
modern. Apply 4499 Seventeenth st. /
SIX sunny rooms, with bathroom; open from 11
to S. 732 Post St.. above Jones.
SUNNY flat, cor. Twenty-third and Guerrero
sts.; 7 rooms; porcelain bnth, laundry, etc.
|IS— SUNNY lower flat; 4 rooms; bath; base-
m»-nt. 3426 Twenty-second st.
$15— SUNNY middle flat; - rooms; bath and
yard. 20 Shotwell St.. near Fourteenth.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds. -silver, seal-
skins, pianos, guns. Uncle Harris. IS Grant ay.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
POST, 972— Elegantly furnished flat. 7 rooms;
modern Improvements; very cheap; going to
Alaska.
FREE TO li.
! BEAUTIFULLY Illustrated book, by sending
nddreFS to lork bor C<3. I.ob \r<- '!■■•>. Cal.
FCRMTURB FOII SALE.
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, all slxen. »2 90:
heavy matting. 10c per yard: 30x60 Inch rugs,
$1. Eastern Outfitting Co.. ISIO-1312 Stockton
St., near Broadway; open evening.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $<« 50. with No.
7 ranee. Klr.c Furniture Co.. 1117-11.11 Mark»t.
Fl KM Tl RE WANTED.
I W. E. CODY (lat« with J. T. Terry & Co.) b'iy.«
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel Red 3JSS.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays
the hlche*t price for your Id-hand furniture.
I WANTED— SSOOO carpets furniture, etc: highest
price paid: postal. M Rllvervteln. 1121 Mnrket.
HELP UI%KD — AGENTS.
$6 DAY to right lady or gentleman handling our
Curncumplio Health Pillow for consumption,
ratarrli, throat trouble?, etc.; after t",O ilay«
you can l>e manager: start at once; particu-
lars free.. Fidelity «'tiem!c.tl and Manufactur-
ing Co., Century building. SI LOU Mo.
AGENTS making $100 a month selling staple
line*; mnro men and women wanted; Investi-
gation solicited. 9f.:» Jefferson St., Oakland.
1(1(1 commission, percentage Increase, bare In
j stock, Falary: men, women to tell lnve.«tm»»nt-
savlngs bonds; better than bank or building
and loan stock. Cull room COS, Parr bldg.,
II to 4 dally.
! JUST out— New Peerless Gasoline Lamp: easl-
cst lighted; most satisfactory: knocks all
competition: agents coining money. Peerless
Lump Co.. 218 Railway Ex. bldg.. St. I.ou
II ELI' W A XTE n— FEM A I . I ■: .
WANTED — A first-class dressmaker, to take
charge of our tailoring department; must be
experienced In ladles' tailoring and an expert
ekirtmaker. Apply N. STRAUSS & CO., 18-20
Grant aye.
PERMANENT employment for lady capable of
celling oil shares: salary and commission.
Address box 1536. Call office.
SPECIAL! To all entering McDowell Dress-
making School before January 1, 2 weeks In
sewing room free; we teach the cutting and
making of everything novel and stylish; learn
the most rapid and leading system of the
world and you will be ready for first-class
work; evening classes; patterns cut. Me-
DOWBLL, 103 Post st.
BRIGHT active lady to manage branch office:
salary $l')-per week. Box 1540. Call office.
WANTED— Lady nnslstnnt for traveling show.
Address A. mix. 1006 Valencia st.
WANTED Neat girl for general housework;
p:aln cooking. Box lIC2. Call.
WANTED Two blight young ladles (from IS to
22) of refinement, respectability and good ad-
dress, to accompany gentleman and wife in
business to Northern and Eastern cities; em-
ployment very profitable und thoroughly re-
spectable; expenses advanced; references ra-
quired. Box 15r.2, Call.
YOUNG woman wanted for artist's model. . Ap-
ply 2311 Jackson st.. 10 to 12 a, m.
LADIES to learn barber trade; only requires
. eight weeks to learn this very profitable busi-
ness; halrdrenslng taught In lour weeks. Call
or write for free Illustrated catalogue MO-
LER'fi BARBER COLLEGE. IK Clay st.
APPRENTICES on shirts and overalls; paid
while learning. Standard Shirt Factory, cor-
ner Gough and Grove sta,
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches.6llver.seal-
sklns. pianos, guns. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
WANTED— A finisher on pants: also an ap-
prentice girl; pay while learning. Room 32.
410 Kearny st. |
LADIES' cloaks, suits. $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co.. 1306 Stockton, near Broadway.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fill:nor« St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; • pen until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
l tucky els. ; open until 9p. m.
HELP WANTED — MALB.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN WHS
Leading Employment and Labor •'!«•«,
Want to-day (Sunday), 11 a. m. to 12:30 p. m.
vaquero, fare 60c, large, stock ranch. $30 and
found; 14 oruners. vineyards, orchards, etc..
$25, $20 and found
17 farm hands, good Jobs.. s26. $20 and found
3 milkers; 4 chore-men. $32. $30 to $15 and
found; gardener and farmer $25 and found
5 ranch teamsters, steady, good Job, $26 «nd
found: cabinet maker; 3 boys to learn ma-
chinist trade; stone cutters and men to help
build rouch stone rubble walls, fare ■
$2 10 day
MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay st.
TO-DAY (SUNDAY). 11 A M
12 laborers, fare 70c. steady Job $60
15 laborers, fare 25c $45 60
12 laborer*, city Job $30 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
MARRIED ...
man and wife, no objection to one child, to
drive 4-horse lumber wagon, etc., fare 35c.t40
cook and wife for mine, boss here $65
man as waiter or bartender, wife as chamber-
maid, small country hotel •
man a-n porter or waiter, wife as chamber-
maid, small country h0te1.... $40 and found
MURRAY &■ READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
WOODCHOPPERS. tie. post and picket mak-
ers wanted by the hundreds. $2 50, $2. $'. M, SI,
.75c cord, tools and food advanced on some
Jobs. MURRAY I READY. 634 and 636 Clay.
MAN for delicacy store .... ....$< and found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and ,636 Clay st.
HOTEL DBP'T
11 cooks $45. $3:.. $40. $30. $25 and found
7 waiters $35. $30. $25. $20 and found
boys for bakeries; drivers for butcher wag-
ons; dishwashers; also many other places.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and CM Clay st.
C. R. lIAKSEN~& C 0....104. ...104 GEARY STREET
Teamsters for the Coast road, free (are, ship
Tuesday; rockmen for a quarry, country.
$2 M a day; single head miner, $2 M a day.
Middle aged wine room man. country club;
vegetable man for first-class hotel. $25: of-
fice open Monday morning. C. 11. lIANSEN
6 CO., 104 Geary st.
BARBER'S Protective Union— The only legal
organised union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ,
Employment Secy.. 630 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free Employ-
ment. 11. Bernard. Sec. 104 tth; tel. Jessie 15J.
GOVERNMENT positions— Don't prepare for
any civil service or census examination with-
. lit seeing our catalogue of information: sent
fr«-e. Columbian Correspondence College.
Washington. D. C.
BRIGHT active man to solicit sale of shares
in prominent "ii company: salary and com-
mission: no second-claas man need apply. Ad-
dress 1535, Call office.
RESPONSIBLE party In office; salary $15 per
week. Box 1541. Call.
WANTED— First-class cabinet maker. KINK
»& SCHIKDLER. 1309 Market st
blFH\VASHEll~wanted-$7 per week. 806 Mls-
slon st.
DISHWASHER small restaurant; $3 60 per
week. 4"C McAllister st.
NIGHT cook. 207 Third st.
BARBERS— Good .■-chair shop with cigar stand.
DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis st.
(SET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c to
s'>c. Ml Mission st.. between 1-! and 2d sts.
WANTED — A thoroughly experienced salesman
and buyer for clothing, furnishing goods and
hits. Address letters to box 1554. Call office.
Hating references, giving houses where for-
merly employed, age and salary expected.
WANTED— Hat salesman and furnishing goods
salesman. Apply S. N. WOOD & CO.. 713
Mirket st.
WANTED A first-class carriage blacksmith.
Apply to A. MEIBTER & SONS. Secramento.
Cat., statlnz references.
$inn,(W) TO loan on diamonds, watches. sllver.seal-
aklns. pianos. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
WANTED Reliable spice miller and coffee
roaster: nono other need apply; references.
Box 1559. Call.
SEAMEN, creen hands and ordinary seamen.
at HERMAN'S. M Bteuarl St.
100 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
prlre. 56J Mission st . between Ist and 3d sts.
FIRST-CLASS tailor on custom coata. 121
Montgomery st., r ml, second floor.
BARBER shop, first class, short hours, 6:30 to
for sale. 503 Washington at.
MEN and women to learn barber trade: day
and evening classes. Expert Instruction at S.
F. Barber School, 741 A Howard st.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; constant practice; expert In-
struction; lectures and everything necessary
to teach the ton« .rial art fheroughly: special
Inducements this month: call or write for free
Illustrated catalogue. MOLER'S BARBER
COLLEGE 635 Clay st. The only Institution
of the kind ever authorized by the State to ,
tearh the art.
WANTED Laborer! and mechanics to know
that Ed Rnlkln. Ren 1 ll' u< •• proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third si.; ir,o large
_rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED- 100 men to try our 15c breakfast,
dinner or supper: best4n city. 40« McAllister.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices.
_J1 week. N. V TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
PENSIONS— J. 11 BHEPARD & CO.. attor-
_- neys, Hearst bldg. Third and Market.
200 INGLE furnished rooms, 10c, lie and 25c
per night Llndell, «th and Howard; read. rm.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 2.*>c night; reading room: free
'l.v» and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036 Va-
li-ncla it.
A BRANCH office for the re-pr>tlnn of adver-
tisements nnd subscriptions has been opened
nt 1223 Polk Ft.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and '
subscriptions haa been established at the.
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky pts. ; open until 9 p. m.
HOUSES — LODGING — FOII SALE.
U. 11. WINSTON A '•<> . 1024 Market st.
RELIABLE BROKERS
1* roams: cor.; finest furnished house In city;
central: particulars nt office.
17 rooms: cheap rent; cheap gas and a
nv>ney maker; part cash; men roomers.
SO rooms; new house, new furniture; j;<Wi
44 rooms; cor '- P art cash; rent $12:>; $2OOo!
41 ROOMS on Van Ness; rent $123 .Ts2<V)O
."!« rooms; one Boor; money maker $1500
17_ rooms; central and very tine jjsq
Wanted-On» 10-room and one I? room house
_"_ ORIFFIN. 71» Market st.. near Call bldg.
$700— LODGING house; IS ma; north of Mar-
ket Ft.; bargain, on account of departure, i
Mclaughlin .v CO.. 7774 Market »t.
FOR sale— Well-paying U-room house; must
Fell by 'I ■■ Ift. Hox 1355. Call.
HOUSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc For Sal*
I^OTTIE LILAC. 2:2314. the handsomest mare
of her site In California; Diamond Whips, by
Whips (sire of Aiote. 2:04\4). a beautiful stal-
lion; Rose Lilac, by Red Nuttle. a gentle-
man's perfect roadster, and a handsome
coupe horse for sale at Occidental Horse Ex-
change. 721 Howard st.
JUST arrived- horses from the Huntlngton
and Diamond Valley Ranch. Nevada, to be
sold at the Huntln«ton and Diamond Valley
Stock Yards, at the corner of Sheridan and
Ninth sts.. between Folsora and Harrison.
i Parties desiring to buy the bunch apply there.
— — - — — — —^— — — — — — — — .^— _ _ _ _ _____
AT auction Tuesday next at Ormonde Stable
1517 Mission St.— Without doubt we have 40
head of largest, choicest and best broke horses
ever offered at public sale In this city. S.
WATKINg. Auctioneer.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market
J?7 Sixth st.; auction »ales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.
M HEAD fine draught and driving horses at 1621
and 1625 Market at., bet. Twelfth and Urady;
■ i!s.» Bony; line matche.i black teams.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let; »end for clr-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
lift you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL
1" Montcomery st. '
ATOM A. 310—4 rooms, $12. Valencia, 1213 <
rooms, $20.
$16— 7 ROOMS and bath: newly painted! 22 De
Boom *t.. off Second, near Brpnnan.
$20— HO17PE of 6 rooms; larre stable and yard'
861 Eleventh st. Apply 1627 Folrom st.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds. silver seal-
sklns. plenos. guns. Uncle Harris, It Grant it.
ItIIOUSEg TO I.XT— XI HMvIIKI).
HOUSE. 8 rooms, bath, etc.; partly furnished-
larpe yard and lawn; rent low. 8332 Twenty-
fourth st.
LOST AXI> FOU.\'D. —
LOST la Oakland-A gold penknife," on ~Ba7u7-
day afternoon, at 5 o'clock, either on Broad-
way, between Fourteenth and Fifteenth
sts.. or at Lehnhardt's candy store finder
will receive liberal reward by returning to
Lchnhardfa. 1153 Broadway. Oakland.
LOS T~i U Ct 20. in the v lelnlty of Fourteenth
and Jefferson sts.. Oakland, a imall purse
contain five diamond rings and two dia-
mond pins. Couple seen to pick up same will
Pleas* return to J. F. CONFERS 1»J Jeffer-
son »t.. and receive $2CO r«wura.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST-Red leather purse containing money jind
doctor's prescription at or near the Empo-
rium. Return to 2464 Oak et.; reward.
LOST-Gertleman's watch charm; £ce a my.st*
or Montgomery aye. Iteward at *i'> \ llh * rt .
LOST— Pug do X: in the MJsslon; name Sport.
l;. '.urn to 13304 Natoma »t. : reward. •
LOST— Diamond screw earring. Return to *"*
l>cvlsadero ■:. and receive reward.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of JOHN I DAVIS. No. 231-1011. The
finder will i>lwns»- return to bank.
MONEY TO LOAN.
■- - -
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamond*. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84» Market
st.; tel. Main 1644; Branch 19 Third at.
ANY proportion, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, life Insurance; chattel
mortgage*; confidential: advice free. O. t.
OLSEN. room 16. first floor. Chronicle bile
LOANS on furniture, or pianos In 8. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without re-
moval: no commission; no delays. J. NOON-
AN. 1017 to 103 Mission St.. above Sixth;
telephone South 11.
AVOID delays: try all others, then see me; I'J)
to I1C0.P0O: i per cent; Ist, 2d or chattel mort-
gages, estates In probate, undivided Interests In
(suites, legacies and mortgages bought: advice
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. 636 Market
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist. Id and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bute; mortgages anil legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McOjLOAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
RESPECTABLE, responsible, reliable money
lending house; lowest rates; established
1S51; our own fireproof building; Private en-
trance; private rooma. UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant aye.
ON real estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal; an* amount,
lowest rates. BECKER, 26 Montgomery st.
MOST reliable nlace to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest prices for old gold, silver, diamond*.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory I Idg II Powell st.
ON furniture and pianos without removal, >iul<
service; money direct; lowest Interest. Rooms-
C 8 and tt. Donohoe building. \\~» Market st.
AT 128 Kearny. rm. 9. respectable private place
to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rites; take elevator; tel Davis 995.
WE have more money on hand than we care to
carry; chattel mortgages rents, estates, coun-
try lands. A. M. SPECK &. CO.. 667 Market.
CASH loaned to salaried p«ople on note without
Indorser. HELL, 609 Examiner bldg.
PRIVATE party loans on furniture at 3 per
cent; no commission. BROWN, r. 81, 6 Eddy.
ISOOO TO loan on furniture a: I pianos at 2 per
cent. WINSTON & CO.. I(g<Jtfark«t at.
TO salaried men: without collateral or indorsee
S. F. Discount Agency, H3 Phelan building.
ISO TO ITiO.OrO; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortgs.;
ary proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, planoa, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister «t.
ii your • pert Is mortgaged and you need
more money tee 11. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED— I2OOO nn first mortgage. Address
box ISM, Call office.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WTETH. reliable ladles' physician
and rpeclallsts; home for patients In confine-
ment .or with chronic diseases; best care;
guaranteed treatment at off) 15; consulta-
tion free. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Lar-
kln; hours 10 to 8. 7 to 8.
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL, th« world-retiowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In S. F. for years; treated thousands
of cases aucc««sfully; treatment ran be used
at .me; consultation free; success guaran-
teed. Write or call at 10234 Market it.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known la Hi specialist!
formerly of 401 Van Ness aye.. 1362 Market,
has returned from Europe with Improved
methods in.i advanced knowledge: cure at
office, }'. warranted; 15 years' successful prac-
tice In B. F. Office, US Eddy St.. near Mason.
DR. POPPER. ladles' physician for .17 years;
call on a physician with man's knowledge;
cure f. r . Consultation free. 31S Kearny st.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 122S Market; ladle*'
physician; chronic diseases treated; late sclen-
tlflc methods; cure guaranteed; treatment to.
PRIVATE confinement home; sunny rooms:
best of care; nice garden; medicated steam
baths for ladles. DR. and MRS. WEGENER.
phone Pine 2751; res.. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' physician. 1122 Mar-
ket St.. bet. Mason and Taylor; guaranteed
treatment at office. |5; hours 9 a. m. to a p. m.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1035 Market st.; hours 10
a. m. to sp. m. : at residence, iy* Van Ness
aye.. I to 9 p. m.; guaranteed treatment. 15.
MRS. DR. OWYER. 510 Eddy St.. bet. Hyde
and Larkln; hours. 10 to 12. 2 to 4 and 7 to 8.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 ElghtfrstTTAlameda-
Female specialist; home In confinement..
DR. GREY, the eminent female specialist. !
1 Fifth at. Home Of office treatment. It.
DR. WIPE, the ladles' specialist, HIS Market
st : every case guaranteed; $;, up.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MINES AND MINING.
CARTERS Gold Mine shares; fortune makers:
dividend payer?; quoted on Pacific Btock Ex-
change; 4ft cents per share or monthly Install-
ments; send for prospectus. CARTERS GOLD
MINING CO.. 80 California st.. rooms 5-7.
W. K. ARAM, mining attorney, room 40. Bth
floor. Mills building. S. X. ; tel. Main 844.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. Id -hand machinery. M c -
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. IKS-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and i>e'-ond-
hand J. NOONAN. 1017-101S-1021-1U23 Minslon
St.. above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
WANTED— Second-hand lathe, drill press~vuTl
caniier. vine-., bicycle tools. Address box 7S<
Call office, Oakland.
ANGORA Cattery. 5:.7 Ellis St.— Thoroughbred
Angora cats and kittens for sale; breeding.
HANDSOME fawn beaver cape; latest model
_ silk lining; ISO; half-price. 1421 Market, r 11.
HIGH grade bicycle, $16 M;' also boys wheel
very cheap. 4"6 Grove st.
GOOD as new Remington typewriter for 170-
co? t t $110. Addrees box 1511. Call.
MOST complete line bath cabinets In the world-
one agent sold 1000 In 4 months. IRWIN MFC
CO.. 123 Chambers ft.. New York.
FOR sale— Electric motor. 2 H. P., fine running
condition; one No. 3 Sturtevant blower and M
feet she«t Iron piping, ells and angles, oak aaa
plate glass office partitions: revolving oak
bookcase. Apply POPE MANUFACTURING
CO.. 341 Post st.
TWO fresh family cows; one Jersey, the other
Holsteln and Durham. Apply at ILII Nlne-
teenth aye.. South San Francisco.
NO worn out. Imperfect articles offered for
sale at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
6 CHOICE Imported Belgian hares; also white
fantall pigeons. 20» San Antonio aye. Ala-
mcda.
A -II 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. 11 78. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny It, nr. Pin*.
THREE 6-hon»epower gasoline engines! very
cheap. NEWELL BROS.. 140 First st.
GREAT Dane pups for sale. Sunset Kennels*
171 roiirth st. , ;
DRESS pants. J2 75: fine suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. Sl3 Montgomery st.
SACRIFICE; family surrey: handmade; very !
handsome; coal too: well cheap. 1000 Valencia.
FOR sale— Two fire extinguishers; new. Apply
i«4 Geary st.
ONE H. B. Smith 4-slded sticker: 1 Goodell A
Water! planer and matcher. 24x«: 1 air com-
pressor; 1 band saw; S locomotU-es; 3 steam-
ers. 220 Fremont st.
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants
Meamrrs. residences; portable safety box<»s :
specie chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc Th«
Waltz Bafe Co.. 109-111 Market St.. a F. Cal.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
!i2 i: MCM C0 £ C . crt re 2 5rd8 - ?M? M BACIOALUM.
913 Market St.. Ban Francisco.
CASH register and fireproof safe for sale cheap.
it . a . Ma: >' model mandolin. high grade $10: cost
|30. PLAZA LOAN OFFICE. 702 Kearny s"
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planers. lathes
Iron *.- wood; 2d-hand. J. BURKE. 133 Beale!
NEW style Hinder sewing machine; 5 drawers-
oak; complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th!
MAGIC lanterns: new and second-hand: acety-
lene generators. Bullanl ft Breck. 131 Pott st.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 13 Kearnyst
F ? U . cc * lrt « m *« presents '-ail on SORENSEV
reliable Jeweler. 103 Sixth st.. below Mission!
B £ C .? ND * IIANr) machinery, electrical supplies
i hollers and engines. H. S. White, Hi MUslon!
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR BALK.
ELEGANT fawn beaver cape: lined silk; lat-..
model; great bargain; |50. Call between 2*n t
6. ITs Market st. •
BI.'YS. sells, rents gear machinery. botVr«
water pipe; new. M-hand. Whltelaw.2l6 <;.-i.-'
SAFES— New and lerond-hand. THE HKI
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
GOLD quartz rock fr.r Jewelry: 1-2 pt Mia
fcr ccld In It. 328 Bush st. 3d floor, room t.
LOT of old windows r.nd tank closets; must I ;
cheap. Address box li*< 4. Oil of floe.
MUSICAL* INSTItr.MENTS.
AGAIN we remind ret that you should pur-
chase your medium and Ir.w-pr'.ced pi it ,
where th<»y can be exchanged for a J<telntv.iy
within three years and have full parchaia
price .allowed. We are selling r.(* upright
pUnos fcr I* per month, mid some good
pianos for S3. It and !*• per month. SIIK 1 :
MAN. CLAY A- CO.. Stelnwajr Denlers. ctr-
ner Kearny and Sutler sts.. San Vrvitlatoi
corner Thirteenth .in Broadway. Oaklan I.
"BABY" Decker uprights are "all the rag* 41
now. See them at MAUVALS*. TO Market it.
PACKARD organs are the best of all organ*
for churches; send for prices. MaL'Va:
769 Market st.
THE «-holcr»t kind of a Christmas present li in
Olympla music box. Call at MAUVAIS , : j
Market St.. and hear them. m
IF you don't want to pay all ca^h y •> can r .
easy payments for any pUno at MAUV.\: j
Tffii Market st.
ABSOLUTELY th* oldest and larx'*' 1.
west of Chlrnrn Is KOHLKR A CIIASE**,
| W. 2* nnd 10 OTarrelt st.: platted nr^in an i
I all other musical ln»trument.« of all gr;i'.|. <
and prices: frnis easy. prlcM lowest: ever-. •
i thing possible dune to plea** aiti sutUfy th-r
customer.
ALL makes fr.r a short tlm* rnljr.
14. 14. 11. |l. '■ 14 per month.
2 Chlckerings. 2 Stcinway*. 1 Vo?e .C S .-!• ml
.'■■• other slightly used high and medium cr.c! •
plants: special discounts for cash.
HKINE PIANO MFG. CO.. J:>; Kills ,t
KNABE pianos: new scnle; n» w styles. KOH-
1.1 I: St CHAKE. 10 O'Farroll st. .
GREAT slaughter ml* of plants nn storair*:
j closing out lot of upright* fW up: t;r"n *reo*
lngn. WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 J!..-.. •
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other »t.in!irl
pianos; price* reiluo^l to In«;ire prompt sales
\V. C. HAMILTON. 224 P.m! St.
FINE Fischer & Stelnway ujirlght: sat - ■ t
KEEFFE'S. 10W Van Ne»» aye.. nr. «•..-. -
BARGAIN— Nice upright piano; only ! - c.ish;
sold for storage. I7l<> Market st.
OUR pianoii have arrived; r»nte<t |3 per month.
Scott-Curta* I'lano Co., S«0 Hayes st.
W.\NTEl>— Upright piano for cash. 11. L.
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Mark't st.
BOH Ml Byron Mauzy and other pianos. V\
lost St.: open evenings.
WANTED— 2 iquare pianos. BYRON MAUZY;
3CJ Post St.
j W. B. BADGER. '4I2 S.t rarc.^rr . n . M »:-nt f r
Francis Bacon and H.iilet: ,t Da>ru piano*.
! GOOD upright piano. r-ir!v new;- ch*up.
HORN UNO'S. 21ti McAllt-t-r ;-t.
BARGAIN-Good uprlnht: cheap. SCHMITZ. 1«
McAllister St.. next '.' ' ■ ■■ ■ i
SUPERIOR vln||Rs7~xTthers. old~and new. I?'
MI.'LLKR. maker, ntmlnr, Z I-itham p!a. c.
OFFICES AND STORES —TO LET.
STOKE— Twenty-third and Guerrero; 3 mores
and concrete cellar: good Intention for bakery.
ASHT Store. 42S Turk. nr. Lafkln. IK; da
479 Valencia st.. nr. Sixteenth. 120.
HALF of nice office (furnished^; first floor.
Roorr 14. 1104 Market st.
l i i. <•<. > vi. s.
A SORER, home-loving man of gon«1 appear-
ance, owning a home and some property, de-
sire* to marry rt middle-aged womun of som*
means F. C. Box U3l. Call office.
' OENTLEMAN I- fair clrcumvari'-rs. H.i« i
good home, wants a wife not over 40 y«-ars
old; German. Call ofTice, Oakland.
AM ii; wealthy, hut lone; will make home h ip-
plest spot r.n earth to ... ■• • : itlve wife.
"DALE." 197 East Fifty-fourth st.. Chicago,
M. J. B.— I learn Belknap Is bringing you cus-
tomers. That is what you got him for. FU
membvr. B.
GENTLEMAN likes to correspond wUh la li ;
object matrimony. Box IJ6O, Cull.
A NUMBER of reasons exist why you should
use the Star Hair Remedy In preference In
any other; It Is guaranteed to restore gray
hair to natural color without dye. cure dan-
druff and all scalp troubles: stops falling,
grows new hair; It Is sold through th«- ruru-
lar channels of trade, therefore not dependent
upon cales from a bark n-om In an obscur*
building; costs no more, gives perfect satis-
faction. Is clean and healthful: at druggists
and hairdressers; call for It; take no other.
PLAYS. w!gn. beards, mustaches", tricks and
stage makeups; also latest n .iv»-Ulrs f>>r ag-M-i
to sell; Illustrated catalogue free. CHAS. E.
MARSHALL, manufacturer. Lockport. N. Y.
LEDERER'S Qulntonlca. the best Hair Tontr.
gtven away; sample bottle . ■ • t to your ad-
dress on application to O. Lederer. 123 Stkton.
LADIES— Your buit enlarged « Inches: harm-
less; IK« cash guarantee; proof free. Leon-
ard Medicine Co.. Kansas City. Kan.
LEDERER Is a connoisseur In coiffures: go to
him and have your hair dressed right. 2T.c;
switches II up; open mornings, on holidays
and Sundays. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton.
VITALITY, low or exhausted, cured by DR.
KLINE'S Invigorating Tonic; free It trial
bottle. DR. KLINE. 321 Arch it. Phlladelph.
LETTUCE Lotion and Almondlne Skin Food
can be hail only at Mme. Fisher's. ID Powell.
FREE— Parkage clean flea killer sent tor
Mam p. DR. 11., 8 Montgomery aye.
MR A. DELFT, merchant. 1 Place Boleldleu.
Parts offers to bo buyer for cne or several
American firms for all French articles, such
as bronzes, statuary, paintings. Jewelry, dry
goods millinery, dresses, t ;. • etc.; best ref-
erences; write for term*
WIDOWER would like the acquaintance of a
widow; object matrimony; I*rotestant : n»
trlfiers; no agents. Address box »4. Call of-
fice. Oakland.
JtAO carpets wove to order and for sale: ■!■...
chenllle-wove rugs, Silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. OEO. MATTHEWS. 7^9 Fifth. Oakland.
GOLDEN Gate Oyster and Chop House: oyster*
any style. PAMITRES BAROSI3. Tl Ninth.
IF you wish full valu- for your cast-off cloth-
_lng call on B. COHEN. 137 Third st.
COLEMAN buys clothing bric-a-brac tools
carpetg. old gold: send for him. I4M Kearny.
JOHN L. UOONK. Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law. and Copyright
No. 4 Butter St., Law» a Specialty.
Han Francisco. CaL American and Foreign
Send for circular. Patent* Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third Pt . near Market: 100 room*:
Ho to $1 10 per night: It SO to $8 per w»«k;
free "bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LEAPING theatrical and masquerade cne-
turners: make-up and wigs: country orders so-
Uclted. OOLDSTEIN A CO . 733 Market st.
6UITP to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market. bet. 7th and tth.
DOLL wigs mad* of human hair at La Verito
parlors. 1140 Market st.: telephone Folsom 44*.
BEST price for caat-off clothing an.l brlc-a-
brae. 11. MARKS 203 Third St.: send postal.
PAINTING and i.ap»rhnnjrtn«r; room* papered
HtO tip. JENPT I ... A BATH V* SUth at.
HIHBUTINK CO.. hair specialties, grow hair
or no pay book for ntnmp. ( E<My st.
INCRUSTATION— New invention fnr rhlna dec.
orators. Fe«» 8. R. CHURCH. 307 flansom* st.
WANTED-Old rold for manufg O. NOLTH.
Jeweler. Hi OTarrell b«t. Powell and Masnn.
ETAMMERINO co-rert-d: hnoklet J. WHITE-
ITORV A M. PhP I*i-. T 1..*.., r. ,■•._;
niOTOGHAI*IIIc SLITLIES.
POLYCHROME, our own new platinum paper
superior to all and lower In pries s*mn>
<loi. 2^c. ma!le<l. Cal. Camera Co.. » <;.-,- T
niKKNoi.di.v am. m»i«i;:;\>h-
PHRENOLor.ir/ reading gh-en. All^dtol
eases cured without the u*o of drua-a by Vrnt
IH->VE KITKIWKIfKKX. 7S Thlr.lVt. r. V.
I'UOI'EHTY WANTED.
WANTED- To purchase. 2-flat honw; ;~rjo<i^"lo-
cation. CEO. W. CHAPIX, 11 Montgomery.
i. SHI r._< U \— M.ll sm,.
CHRISTMAS BARGAINS.
$3MO— A good chance: J-rootn house on Folsotn
St.. near Twenty-thlnl.
IISOO— A Richmond opportunity; ZZxIZI- 4.r00m.
cottage. ' "~"»
|170<>-igxSO: must sell; corner Twenty-sixth
and Diamond sts.: ready for hullding
Cnu^^Tca";"^ 0 Cn t""-'"*-'^ ■«»
$181— Great Lakevtew borgnln: corner- cloa*
to cars. McEWEX BnOS.^l^M^n? g >^/rv
Kfili •*'*— Cheap, new :-story houses; 7 rooms:
latent Improvements: N« and Hill sts.; near
Castro-st. cars; pat.nt sidewalk.
N p :^r.. r . ,^ou*e«.«nd flati for sale on
Pierce and Waller ita.. near Halght; over 3.)
F? U NELgOx! n bullScr. blOCk - TtnM l ° ' Ult b 'BJBAI I.M»IK CITY FOR V*LR.
, ' q. IL UMBSEN &CO "~
IWI Hrtate Agerte. 14 Montgomery at.
ir.oo-P.eßte $«20 PER ANNUM.
~^;-7'*.., f V lt r, : -_-°' Mi ' • tu -tarif.al house; near
Third and Harrison Ms.; sun all day. «on
rttntry rrnted; r.xW. "
i :
Very co«- cottage on Devtsadera rt.; S rooms.
bath anl ha-.tnent: .7:Cx500; to close in rMate
t27.i»-lU_NTS $372 PER ANNUM.
t^cffSftlfT^ locatlor; J "ata of
IISGO-BENTB t.40 PER ANNUM.
•Two flats near Southern Pacific freight sheds:
:u»t t* kola to cloie an estate.
$«740-RENTS $424 PER ANNUM.
- C t" rt ' bar * irln : J nearly new modern flats of
. _aj i rivims .n. btth each; 25x100
IS7_*-RENTS ts4o PER ANNUM.
Paxittc Heights flat*; S room* and bath each;
ni-rlne views: $..-00 can remain at *"••» per cent.
imo-HENTS $7.2 PER ANNUM.
_,T, T . T *"° 5j rt uws of 7 rooms and bath each and l<n
J.x.03; Devikadero «.; must he sold to close an
« state; tin reasonable offer refused.
m.MQ- RENTS $1M« PER ANNUM.
Ellis St.. enly a few blocks from Market, a
»J.cn,lil investment and very cheap, as the
o»ner :» going to l.urvpe; 1 Bata and house;
i' t -.. Cxiro.
KiOO-RENTS $276 PER ANNUM.
Broadway; 3 flats and lot. near Jones at.
fMOO-RKNTS $»_S PER ANNUM.
Business corner en Castro st.; store and flat;
"C»O— RENTB $432 PER ANNUM.
Near Third end Howard sts.; 1 tenements In
g.Kxl ora.r; 2.H0.
. JIT.iOO- RENTS 11308 PER ANNUM.
A fine brick investment near Kearny st.; lot
3*-.SS, with an "I_."
i;«iv-rents $..:: per annum.
»"holc.' bunn«n» ccttmt; 2 store*, with living
rvoms and flat of 6 rot-ms anJ bath; large lot.
!2000-_U:nT* 1504 PER ANNUM.
S**r Third and Polsom Ks. ; 1 flats and lot;
this is a M.lendld Investment.
"J.rrr.i.n Bank lots, near Waller and Stelner
Ms.. <>n ca h y terms; only a tew left.
«'hoic- list of bulldlnc lots In every r-art cf
ihe city at rrices to milt.
<«11 end obtain one of cur "Real Estate Rec-
:'«.• which contains a list of properties for
sale in all uarts of the city.
«;. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery et.
FOR SALE BY
JIAWKK & FKELTuN. S_i Montgomery st.
K\W«— Ctoreji and Hat*; Devlsadero tl.: pay-
:-- t jrr cent net; Improving in value for Lurl-
i. ■■»».
JILMO-Oexry st.. near Octavta: large lot: Im-
pn»v«d: rented low; fyii »>er anr.um; never v«-
<._,!. t; g.iKi mve»tnient; make offer.
$K.. r K>o— t'or. l^eavenwcr.h and Sacramento; 1
'■ uses; ivr.t $;f_,'O ;«-r annum; «-aey terms.
;S.«»'--H"_>e oi i ronmh and b*tn; lugU baee-
n-.ent; Twenty-third *t.. near t'aistro; Baa view;
this Is a b-rgatn; in warm belt; make offer.
t— ■-■>— i'lrtt. <. .fn.>-iiii!:.i n... urn l'lftlu itnu -
HSO i>er anr.utn; g ..mI inve«tment.
■■" ■" --.-;w. ccr. Vallojj and Plrrce Us.; 4:xlU.
::*«— c'or. Fifteenth, near Valencia; choice
f<r flats; light for every room.
COOu— Corner lot: Montgomery aye. and Tay-
Irr St.; verj' cbea;>; will double your money.
ttOOO— Lot; Jackson St.. wettt of Walnut; fine
view of lm.y and mountains: clt.se to cars and
«-nti_cc«jo Presidio; will divide.
JlWK>— Lots S. tide Ohotnut rt.. near Stockton;
tccepte*!: \tr> cheao.
HAWKS & SKELTON.
S.l Montgomery st.
MADISON A BURKE. Real Estate Agents.
. .-.:-rJ.. t m.. ij'p. Palace Hotel.
Eitablifchtrd IMb.
J>owntown lnvc.tment-Flrst block en Ellis
•,t ; wi:i ray : r*r >C cnt.
r-JOO— gutter tt.. near L«_guna; I rooms and
i. in; lot »:._3«.
nof* — BaVcr st.. near Facrareento; I rooms
I.:.! lath; In perfect order; S:6xlC3.«.
ilP.f'X I—Larjn1 — Larjn residence a_3d lot; OaJk st . near
OctavU; 4<v. to rear street; baa a great
I rv*}«-c:lv« value.
Muit be K»10-ShotwelU •at I6th St.; rents
J4.; price only tJSOO.
ttTT-V-Twenty-seventh St.. near Dolores; ii
rooms, • bath.; let 25x114.
tStfA-Sllrer rt., near F«oona tv: two hemaea
In flat*: renu 527; l«n 22x70.
$TW-Fhrriian st.. ne7r~Tenth and Harrison:
Cats: well rented; icflixlOC
noc-o— Glover «.. near Jones and Broadway;
: aats: rest $.4; lot :3xCO.
______
C*»tro tl.. near Twenty- f.rst ; fine residence;
t rooms ani bath; new and modern; 25x105;
Xiice enly »■ ■■'"
$4T* - Octavia. near Halght: a:, elegant
lot :_r nj&ilern fiats; ST ftrtJ «.
$:: »0 - 2M. comer Tork; CcxlOO; eotUge. 4
jjrv— -Greenwlcb, between Ptorkton and Pow-
«::: root bouse &nl lot R:Jxl00.
MADISON * BURKE.
Ct. Market St.. opp. Palace Hotel.
GO rut and see the new i-room and bath house
n»arly finished, m Hoffman aye.. Heyman
Tract. r.**ar the J2d-rt. electric car. which you
can buy for your rent money; make a good
start frr the new year and throw off the bur-
den of the iand:ord. Come to the office ard
i.-rt all the j^artlruiars.
JAPQB HEYMAN. moved to 117 Sutter st.
CHRISTMAS GIFT TO YOUII CHILL-REN.
ANNUAL REDUCTION SALE.
r<m THIRTY DAYS ONLY.
-TxllS— Lots m Twenty-ninth av»-.. near Dia-
mond «t.; «:" . worth f- . $S down ar.d $} CO
monthly, without Interest cr taxe».
$I.W— <>n Lincoln aye.. H»>rr.an Tract; to
& .»n ard %2 M monthly; no Interest.
$100— I-ots nrar ll»ulevard. Market st. exten-
:. :.. worth :.: . !. down and (2 50 monthly,
without Interest.
ITT— L«ts on the Alv!n Tract, near OalJand;
worth tIM: R <!own and $2 f» monthly.
JA»~<»n HEYMAN. moved f> 117 Sutt«r st.
rANHANDI-ES-rANHANPI_ES.
The extension <">f th« Park Panhandle Is the
<i■Je^t!on that Is interesting the property owners
fct pres. r.t; property adjacent to Golden Gate
Purk ha* steadily Increased in vaJu»; even If
tl.e Panhandle la not extended the lots in the
NEW BLOCK
We •_-» offering are t»ound to Improve; ting
fart; right hanisome homes now being built.
Tb» i-holc^-st and <~heaj*ft lots li. the elty. In
the growing Sunset district. lacing on Ninth
aril Tf nth av«-*.. between J and X sts., only
t»o I.I'M- k» from Golden <Jate I'ark and electric
car lines. The** lots are on the first rise from
i!w Park and command a magnificent marine
view whl«'h ran never be r.bstrurted: no more
charming home rites in the city; j.ricea only
fCTS. atid «.n $10 monthly payments; htreet work
don**; every lot on grade with street; ccc them
at one*; tak» blue car* on Eddy *t. (Ellis and
] st. cars transferj; get off at Ninth aye.
■ til II «t.
LTON &1!■ ■ a < :. 114 Montgomery at.
TWENTY YEARS A SLAVE
To the rent-paying haMt: half a lifetime
under '!. • thun.b of landlords! I '.at sums up
•' • :.'"•■ • > \r '.'..■ " of many famlllea. Stop
this nlavpry! Secure yourself a home. Your
rent money will buy one of those new modern
rcttages which I am building.' To *e« the
fottbgfs. take. Mission street car. transfer at
Twenty-second street, ride to Hoffman ave-
nue walk half a block to Elizabeth street.
OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Post st.
tIJW A MONTH $1* M A MONTH
Buys a new 4-room and bath cottage and
level lot near Mission at and Crescent aye.;
bay window and all the •-■it Improvements;
a fine chance for a home.
OPCAR HEYMAN. .4 Post at.
CH TAP— Four level lotf. MxlOO each, for 1100:
r.«ar San Mat«*o cars.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post at.
POME BARGAINS AT $5 A MONTH.
jiiO—lvot on Fourteenth aye., Sur.s»t Heights.
KTA— Ixjt half a block from lMh-st. cars.
$.i<> I^.t : bl'^kH from 22d-st cars.
$350— Lot «n l*th aye.. near Point lottos are.
OS«\AR HKYMAN. 14 Post »t.
A KNAP— Must b» sold thl- week: two-story
r..ttage. 4147 17th st.: all mr^iern Improve-
mem*; run alt Hay: two car lines; newly
talnt'-d and artistically pai>en>o; 6 large
i-f.ims; bath: l<t 25_U5; grand view; no n?n-
fu.nalle »!T<-r refus.nl: n-i agents; one-third
Ad-rrßs one wcelc W. F-. ■■ x :.'..« Call
SOL. GETZ * BROTHER.
BJ-_ II'K.M "A." CItOCKKII BUILDINQ.
lIEAIXJUAKTEKR rOII PARK LOTS.
Th b^-nd l»sue is sure to be elected. Buy a
Turk let before values co op.
We bought our properties at low prlc*e for
ca»h. ProSl by our lajgaaal and secure bar-
tatns.
Eanset Heights lots, choicest end cheapest of
a!! from 12W up. Call on us before buying.
litt>|eKt 1r:«tall«::«r.ts.
— —
1300 to JSt I *— Richmond lots lower than ever.
I7t to t-W— On Mlrslon-st. car lino and Ocean
View lota, tt monthly^
A few nice cottages and lots on Instalments.
nra>>rh offW. Ninth ,■ --.<je. near II »•. .
tpen dally. Sunday included. Call for maps
atid Clagrams.
«* CCT ? t o\)S^A T^OCICEn BUILDLVO.
park i/vn* puNsnr iinicHTS.
niock farlnr Golden «ist» Park, between II
o-'d I rtreets. Kievenih and Twelfth aye*.
A ,ready ten^ou^^m this bloc*.
One nu-rm cash: balance
JAM.
» Montgomery kt., rocra IL liMneh aflce 1215
Ninth aye. J
RKAL. ESTAT*. 1 ITV — FOR SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
„._„ 10 MONTGOMERY STREET.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE
Octavla st.. near Broadway: 2-story
residence of I rooms and bath lot 25x1376;
rents {45.
A CHOICE CORNER CLOSE TO TOWN.
147J0— Page nnd Laguna st* , ITixS7:6: all
street work complete; a good corner for Cats and
residences.
BUSINESS CORNERS AND RESIDENCE
SITES.
Entire block, bounded by Folsom St.. Treat
•ye.. 13th and 14th •_».. being offered in subdi-
visions. all at office and get diagram; »..
and upward.
A BARGAIN IN RICHMOND.
$.000-rifth aye.. near D it . two flats of 8
rooms and bath each: rents $20- lot 25x1.0.
an offer wanted.
4C5O— Jaekrton St.. near Mason; 3 flats; also a
i-ftcry house of 10 rooms; lot has 46 feet front-
age; rents JT
X32N) only— Seventh-st. corner, near Folsom;
lot 2f\So; lease pays g per cent.
$16.f*0— Rent $150; extra large let, over M feet
front on Montgomery st. : improvements, B-
story brick building, containing 2 stores and
lodging house above; bank mortgage $13 000.
$lß.ooo-0(Tor wanted: big bargain; best part
of Valencia si.; rent $103 per month, large lot.
6..KM feet, with splendid Improvements, consist-
ing of ?tore* and flats.
WILL PAT SEVEN PER CENT NET.
tit. »• Post st.. near Larkln; rents $M; lot
60x57:6; thre«- 2-story house*.
A DESIRABLE INVESTMENT.
$2*.ooo— Choice piece of business property
north of Market st , and within 4 blocks of
Powell and Eddy; Improvements consist of
stores and lodging house above of 25 rooms:
rent $ISS.
CORNER LOT.
$17.M»0— 50 vara. Preaidio Heights; fine marine
view.
ISooo— Sacramento st . between Laguna and
Buchanan; 43x127:5«4.
BALDWIN £ HOWELL.
______^^^^^^ 10 Montgomery st
$500 AND UPWARD— SELLING FAST.
On very easy payments; choice lota In the
block recently subdivided, bounded by II and I
ftrt-cta. Eighteenth and Nineteenth ayes., right
on the park and the new Nineteenth aye. boule-
vard; a number of lots already sold; balance
bound to sell quickly, fine Investments; good
building lota: all read] lots on offlcla! grade;
tnacadamlred; water pipes laid; plank side-
walks; 6 per cent Interest only.
PRICES $MX) UPWARD— YOUR OWN TERMS.
Money advanced for building purposes; elec-
tric cars pass the property; --«> this block at
once; go to our branch oflice to-day, corner 11
*t. and Ninth aye.; price lists, etc.. there or at
our oGice.
BALDWIN * HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
EASTON. FLPRIDOn * CO.,
C3S MARKET STREET.
SNAP.
SACRIFICED AT ONE-HALF VALUE.
JS.DOO— Lot 60x75 feet; on good renting street:
worth $5000; 6 flats, separate cntraces.
good condition, worth $C<XH); 1 flats of 4
rooms and 3 flats 7 rooms, rents $72 per
month.
LEAVENWORTH STREET FLATS.
$5,000— Rents $42 M per month; I nice flats of 5
and 6 rooms ar.d bath; 2 frontages: any
effer submitted.
EAST OF LEAVENWORTH STREET.
$21,000— Eddy, near Mason Btrcet: site : xI3T:«.
_____
$12.000— North side Turk, near Jones street: 23x
137:6: large house: 11 rooms; $7000; bank
mortgage can remain.
$7.ooo— North side Bush street; large residence
rooms; rents low. $42 K> per month; lot 25x
100.
$6.500 — O'Farrell street, near Jones: house 7
rooms and bath, lot tt:llxM:M feet.
BARGAINS IN LOTS-SEE THEM
and you will find they are the cheapest
lots In their respective neighborhoods.
tSTA- MM bank mortgage ran remain: Second
avenue. North Point Ix>bos avenue, sice
2-xIM feet.
$Poo— Seventh avenue, north Lake street. 25x120.
$?00— Masonic avenue, near McAllister street;
$4Sn bank mortgage can remain; size 25x
106:1.
II.JOO-**arl. near Will lard street. 25x137:6 feet.
$I.2s6— North side Clay, near Cherry street. _5x
1^2:5 feet.
11. 860 Height street, near Broderick; beautiful
rraluence neighborhood.
$2.ooo— North side Minna street, near Seventh
street; 25x75. half block from New Post-
ofTlee.
$2,000— North side Tehama street, near Fourth
street; 23x75.
$I.KK>— Oak street, near Masonic avenue, oppo-
site Panhandle.
$2.tOO— Page street, near Devlsadero street. Isx
137:6.
$3.ooo— Bush street, near Laguna street; _7:6 x
137:6 feet.
jj iOOi 000 — Devlsadero street. near Sacramento.
Street: elegant lot at three fourt ha Its
value, with 4-room cottage: rents $14.
$3,100— FUlmore street, near Page street: 25x100.
$3,250— FUlmore. near Bush street; 25x100; busi-
ness lot.
(3 BW> — Grt»n street, north side, near Buchan-
an: r.xllO.
$4,000— Scott, near Washington street, opposite
Alta plaza
$s.soo— Vallejo. near Laguna street: MxIST.S.
a HOME FOR OMB HUNDRED DOLLARS.
$100 down; move In: balance same as rent;
new; 5 rooms and bath: 2-story; porce-
lain, tile mantels, dome ceilings, etc.; fine
view; block fr. .m cars.
4 _____
EASTON. ELDRIDGE I CO..
634 Market Street.
YON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (INC.).
113 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
S3xt«— Cnhen place, off Ellis, W. of Leaven -
worth: 8 modern flats.
s.lxl37:6— Hayes »t.. near FUlniore; I flats;
rent ISO; $13,500.
• 15x100— Van Ness aye.. near Pacific aye.:
tnodem j2-room house.
Mx7s— Natoma. near Sth; 6 tenements; rents
$$0; $7500.
25xS0— Fourth st . near Harrison; store and
flat; MSM; sale urgent.
46x50— Gr«H»nvi-lch. near Taylor: three 2-story
houses: rents $54; $6250.
112:6x37:GxS7:<5— Corner Kearny and Green-
wich: 10 2-story houses: rents $50: $6000.
2T,x75— «*orner Vlrclna and Prospect Mves. ; 3
flats; rents $37: $5000.
22x6&:9 -Pacific, near Mason; house of eight
rooms and bath: !<■ -
23x51:6--Twenty-thlrd. near Dolores; 2-story
house. C rooms and bath; I.Vi down: balance
same as rent; Interest 6 per cent; must be sold
to close an estate.
3«x»-Gutrrero at-, near Nineteenth: cottage;
$3700. -
ISxSO— Diamond, near Twemy-fourth; cottage;
rent SIR $25f0.
25x100— Lyon, near Geary, cottage; $2250.
25x120— Eleventh aye., near Lake, new cot-
tage; $21(0.
23xf>— Auburn, near Pacific; 3-story house;
rents $24: $1700.
UNIMPROVED.
7Exl37:<— Corner Hampshire and Eighteenth.
Cs :*x«7 :«— Corner Klllmore and Green: $6<*io.
21x100— Florida St.. north of iv.th . adjoining
Union Brewery: offer wanted.
240x150— Corner Thirty-fourth and A; $3500.
Mx7l:lo— SE. corner Polk and Lombard ste.
17 »- (Greenwich, near Polk; $2000.
-60.125— NW. corner Fountain and 25th.
_Sx&»— Banchet. near Twenty-seventh; $700.
25x137:6—8. Frederick, west of Cola.
JOHN PFORR. removed to eOt Pine st.. oppo-
site the Nevada Bai.k
$27 f.oo— A fine corn«r property on Turk street.
Inside of Larkln street, well Improved.
$19.0iX>— Ninth street, near Mission; 49x60: Im-
s22.ooo— A fine business property In a central
business location, paying 9 per cent per annum
on the rri-* asked.
ffJlW— Another piece of business property on
Geary st ; a 1-story house of store and flats;
rent $«S. . _ __
$fJV«v Double flat on Frederick St.. near Park
entrance; 6 and 6 rooms; rent $50.
t3500— Fine .-flat houne. 6 rooms e«ch. at the
Mission. lot S-xI2S: rent »27 60.
ISO. *••>-- Taylor st , one block from Market; a
fn« buy /
tSJ,«*>— Eddy st . near Mason: rent 111"
X!,.<**>- Mnrket st . near Halght.
U^Ono— a dead bargain: on I^arkln st . near
Geary; n«nt li«; stores and flats; lot 473x117.
VnW H-room hmis*: $*O0 rash; $25 |>er month;
' Greenwich, near Buchanan st THE M CAB
THY CO.. 648 Market^
H MURPHY. 630 Market «t.. makes loans en
eeooad mortgages. Interests In estates, etc.
~C C. BEMtf Il*-*!I 1 *-*! Estate and General Land
Agent. 524 Montgomery St.
Make offer Northeast cor. Twenty-seventh
and r>tuglas<i sts.: must be sold; Soxll4 feet.
flf,X»— .North line carl St.. near Stanyan; 25x
W t feet - .
41 MURPHY. <30 Market St.. makes loans on
second mortgages. Interests In estates, etc.
UK 41. ESTATE — COUSTUV — For Sal*
tv.ni— iro ACRES, well located. In Sonoma Coun-
ty, i miles from railroad: rolling hills, well
fidni'ted to farming and stock raising; 1-room
house and some farming Implement*. J. S.
JOHNSON. 972 Broadway, Oakland.
Hino_44 ACnES. Sonoma County, \ of a milf
frc.m rallrt>ad station: 1 acre* orchard: 10
ecre* grain: balance wooded pasture that will
cut 150 cords wood: house and barn; good
team hotref. cow, chickens, etc. a great bar-
gain. .1. B. JOHNSON. Wl Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND oottage— s2so caeh. balance like
rent. exchange In part for land or lots.
20 cr more acres; 10 miles from Oakland; fruit
and grain land; wood and water: no cash pay-
ment to party who will improve.
Fcr rent— COO acres grain and pasture land;
abundance of wood and water: 20 acres choice
bearing orchard: cheap to right party.
W. G. GRIFFITH, room 311. Hearst bldg.
I*oo— -HOMESTEAD claim; mountain run*, 7
miles from Healdsburg. F. J. BCHOTTLBR,
room IS. (S3 Market at.
THE SAN FH AN CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 24. 1899.
REAL KSTATI2 — COUNTRY — For Sale
$1200— COTTAGE; 4 rooms and basement: In
Berkeley, near station: lot SSxSO; $100 down. $13
monthly.
$500— Rough house; 4 rooms; lot MxlV; $50
down, $10 monthly.
HAS. A. BAILEY, owner.
20 Montgomery st.
MARIN Co.. *« miles from S. F.— s4o to $S0 per
acre; choice lands In tracts of all sizes; Im-
proved farms chicken ranches, hay. grain,
fruit ar.d vegetable lands; easy terms: rail
and water transit: good schools. HOME AND
FARM CO . rm .7. Sth floor. Mills bide S. F.
REMOVAL notice.— Another fine move: don't
fcrg(>t my n»w address; finest offlces and un-
efjualed list. N. D SICKELS. the Land
Agent. 10 Geary St.. opp. Chronicle bldg. S. F.
yor pet 160 acres for $.V>9: list of small farms.
M. QRHTIN. 719 Market st.
IF lnt»rcsted in the Russian River valleys of
Sonoma County. sen! 10c for the New Year
Ismp cf the HeaMsburg Tribune; profusely
Illuttrated with half-tone engravings, out
January 1.
CHEAPEST and beat In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, c«nt to any address In the.
I'nlted States, postpaid, for II per year.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CALIFORNIA, 2.23— Private family; sunny
parlors for light hkpg; reas.; refs. exchanged.
CHEST M Fine furnished room for
housekeeping; quiet neighborhood; fine view
and sun, cheap.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmore st.
EDDT, 473— Two or three rooms, furnished com-
plete; two closets; pantry, yard.
HAIGHT. 100— Newly furnished sunny rooms.
HYDE, 410 — Sunny front parlor suite, complete
for housekeeping; also basement front suite.
MINNA. 322—2 or 3 furnished rooms; complete
for housekeeping; al»> sunny double room.
TEHAMA. 272. rear— 2 large housekeeping
rooms; furnished, $6; unfurnished or single, $4.
THIRD. 340—1 sunny room, complete for house-
keeping. I* per month.
TURK. ■*' Large front room with Ktove, com-
plete fcr housekeeping; gas and bath; rent |10.
$100,000 TO loan en diamonds, watches, sliver. seal-
fklns. pianos, guns. I,'ncle Harris. IS Grant ay.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at IMS Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk at.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office fcr Call advertisements ar.d
rubvrlrtlons has been established nt the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
lucKs^MS7^or>errTitt^Ti.~nT.
KOUMS TO LET — lure, and Infarr.
A — BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14S Sixth-Room.
tbc to II per night; II 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open alt night.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts. -
Homelike house; modern service; elevator:
bath; rooms 10c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
BURNETT. U26 Market st. (old No. 1364)-Fur-
!)'.•!. »■! rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CARROLTON. 1204 Market, cor. Golden c.at-
ave.— Sunny corner: well furn; rms. & offices.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmore st.
ELEGANT rulte. bay window, on Van Ness:
suitable for doctor or dentist. Box 531, Call.
ELLIS. (IS— Large runny room; suitable for .
gentlemen: everything new.
FULTON. 116 — Sunny rooms, furnished; no
children.
GEARY. «03 (Th» Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
'i rooms, en suite or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GIRARD House. l»: Seventh-Sunny furnished
rooms; day or Week; reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN. Southeast cor. Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suit* or
tingle: ladles' parlor; reading room: elevator.
GRANT aye.. 217. npp. Samuels' lace house— En
»u!te or tingle; very reasonable.
HANCOCK House. 7SI Mission— Select family
rocmlng hou«e; II 50 to l« per week.
HARRISON, 7MU, nr. 4th-Finely furn. sunny
rms.: bath: convenient, homelike; $1 wk. up.
HOWARD. 715—200 sunny rooms; nicely fur-
nish* i . every convenience: electric lights.
JESSIE. ME Large double room for two, grate.
running water. $8; also slni:I«? room.
MCALLISTER. I Large furnished room;
large closet: gas: hot and cold water: rent J«.
MINNA, 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window I m. II per week: transient.
NEW Arlington. IOIS Market-Nicely furnished;
£5c day up, $2 (reck up: transient.
OFARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator: electric lights; day. wk.. mo.
O'FARRELL. f/M-Reautlful room, suitable for
doctor or dentist; transfer corner.
O'FARRELL. MM Beautiful flat of four or five
room* ; sunny; stove.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis St.— lncandescent light,
reading-room, snioklr.g-room and ladles' par-
lcr; rooms, per night. 35c to II 50; week. 12 t >
It; month, IS to 130: elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot. cold water: baths.
EHERMAN Aiartment House. n Eighth at.,
near Market— Famished and unfurnished.
SIXTH. 19. few drvors from Market— Nlee sunny
suite; also otheis.
THE Oak*. 119 Third— A good rooming nous*
frr go"d people it HUGHES. Proprietor.
TO let— Nice sunny furnished room, suitable
for I nr 2 gentlemen, at 1017 Geary st.; in a
French family.
TURK. 232— 2 sunny rooms: housekeeping;
water; grate; bath: dental chair In room.
WILLOW aye.. CsO— Sunny front room; both;
quiet home for gentleman.
A BRANCH nee for Call advertisements and
ruLscriptlons has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Us. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for the reception of »dver-
tlsements and subscriptions has been opened
at 12.3 Polk at: < i- n till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions hat been established at 1096 V*.
lencia st.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED-Jnnuary. furnished alcove or
suite; large ground yard for dog; state rent,
and particulars. Box 1545. Call offlre.
WANTEIv- Furnished room In return for
French cr t.IMn ■■ lessons. Box 1533. fall.
SPECIAL .NOTICES.
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and Home
Society hereby give notice that the) have nd-
mltted lntc the orphanage from July 1, is<o,
. to December SO, l«*i. the following orphans
and half-orphans, boys and girls: Abe Blatn*
t yrs. 4 mos.: Earle Marks, & yrs. 3 mos.:
Rosa Cohen, 9 yrs. 7 mo» , Dora Cohen 13
IT*. 4 mo* : Joseph Cohen, 11 yrs. i mon. ;
Marcus Bernstein, 9 yrs. < mos : Jacob Bern-
stein, 7 yr« 2 mos.; Ruth Lowensteln. 3 yrs
9 men.: Charles Hlrech, » yrs. 10 moa.; Albert
Hlrsch. ( yra. 3 moa.
LADlES— Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable-, take no other:
send 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladles," In letter by return r.;atl; at drug-
gists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.
MRS. DR. HOPKINS' new discovery for rheu-
matism: also medicated baths for alcoholism
and rheumatism. 1035 MkL. efflce 7; 1-5. 7-it.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
4" M^r>t^»»n»rv •» me.m« •-Ift: t»i m
WATCH REPAIRING.
WATCHES cleaned 75c: guaranteed v»ar»
Th» Tior Jeweirv »-• fn :.tt\ v „,.-,-."
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEUA HEAL ESTATE.
WHO wants a new house of 7 ntomt, first ■!«-.
In all respects, at a nominal price? Call and
lnveNtlgute at .104 Buena. Vista use or see
owner lit 1243 Park st. ■
DAROA INS IN REAL ESTATE. ~
$1200-Hodse i rooms; lot DOxISO.
$1250— House 7 rooms and bath; lot Mxl4s;
n<ar Park ht
$3000— House 10 rooms and bath; windmill;
flne stable, carriage house; lot $4x257; fronting
or 2 streets, making 4 lots.
Furnished and unfurnished houses to let
E. I). JUDD CO.. H24 Park st.
$Hso— LOT 26x125; cottage 5 rooms aad bath"
street work done; easy terms.
$J2oo— Lot CCxl4s: flne cottage: 5 large rooms
ar.d bath: worth $3500: only $100 cash, balance
$20 per month; great snap.
$ir>oo— Lot 40x150; Morton st.. between rail-
roads: near station and school; handsome, new
cottage of 7 rooms, and bath; $500 and $25 per
month.
$?2&f>— Ix»t 35x150: 2-story house of « rooms and
bath: Alameda aye.. near Morton-st. station;
easy terms.
$350ft— Lot 40x150: fine new 2-story house, t
rooms and bath: Morton st . near stations and
schools; $500 cash, balance $30 per month.
$3600- Lot 75x150; on main avenue: cottage
S rooms and bath: great bargain; houses to let
In all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL A CO..
1432 Park st . Alameda. Cal.
C. C. BEMIS. Real Estate and General Land"
Agent. 32( Montgomery at.
In Berkeley— Corner lot 87x150, with modern
bouse of 9 rooms.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
berkeley real estate.
forTale^
Berkeley homes: new and modern.
$2750— « rooms; elegantly finished.
$!oOi— 7 rooms: up to date.
$3300—7 rooms; corner lot.
i $3300—8 rooms; brand new.
O. O. MAY & CO.. Berkeley.
LOTS—
; $1060— CO- foot, south side college grounds;
north of Dwlght Way; see our sightly lots in
| Scenic Park. O. G. MAT & CO.. Berkeley.
1 FOR BALE A bargain; grocery store, stock
and fixtures: lot 60%x135; on Phattuck aye.
Berkeley: worth $36P0; can be purchased for
$2*00; flne location.
Bargains In finest residence property In
Berkeley, close to the university; I am now
opening up several fine tracts on the first of
: the year, to be sold In subdivisions to suit
One to five-acre tracts. Improved or unim-
| proved, located In Schmidt's village, north of
Berkeley; suitable for fine chicken ranches
and homes; only 2:. minutes' drive to State
University. For further particulars Inquire of
CEO. SCHMIDT. Schmidt block. Berkeley.
AT a bargain— Beautiful residence of 8 rooms,
I with modern Improvements; close cars, train, i
school, etc.: payment to suit owner. H. It.
ABRAIIAMSON. 111 Laurel st . Oakland.
TWO flats— lo rooms; modern, near station; 3
minutes to University: price tiiOO; eaay terms.
FREESE * CODDINGTON. Berkeley Station.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRIITVAI.i: real estate.
fruitvale.
SNAPS for this week only.
COKE out to-day and see them.
$250— Lot 60x170; $400— lot l(X»xl65; best loca-
tions In Fruit vale.
! $1000— 114 per month; 4 rooms, high basement:
lot (ISO; well, pump; fln.> place for chickens.
$1200— 517 pr month; 6 rooms; well; pump; lot
45x1*0; close to car; new.
$1600—9 ms: bath; stable: hlrh basement;
. lot fenced and IM*IM; fruit trees; close to care;
will take lot as part pay on any above.
Hee us for bargains In San Francisco, Oak-
land or Berkeley.
THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY.
Frultvale ofnee one-half block from station.
City office 222 Bl 'me street, room 2.
Any day after 12
4-ACRE chicken ranch: boras, wagon, cow;
half mile from Dlmond Lincoln aye.; good 6-
room house. J. W. SWAIN, Dlmond P. O.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
1 —■ — — — —^—
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
e7 "e. 71Sv^<CEr^'.0f^r<jadw&yr~O^ia.nA,
Sound and Safe Investments.
$lCOO— s-room house near St. Mary's College;
lot 1 I x..:. feet.
j-rocm hou»e; new, lot 100x119 feet; must be
sold wlihln five days.
$1000— New huus« of 5 rooms; lot 30x100 feet;
one-half cash.
}2;.0^-l> t lift feet; with nice cottage; must
be sold within !0 days.
Larte list of new houses for sale on easy
1 terms.
400 lots for s«ale in Oakland, Alameda. Frult-
vale and Berkeley.
100 lots for .-ale In Fltchburg, close to electric
1 line.
$i23.CCO— Business property: income $« ,000 per
year; corner lot: 5-story building; flre proof:
will leave a mortgage of $27»,OOO. Interest at 5
per cent; will exchange equity for a desirable
clear ranch In California.
$40,000—500 acres near Oakland: stock, fruit
and vegetable ranch.
$4Co>>— 2s acres; 10-room house; ban, fruit:
rine improvements.
|3.>»— 3"0 acres; stock ranch.
Ranches for sale from 20 acres to 50.000 acres.
1.4JN.0M acres for sale in Mexico at 50c per
acre; close to navigable river; well adapted
for colonization.
Is-pacs catalogue of ranches and homes.
I__rse list of California and Eastern prop-
erty for exchange. v
1 have good business chances of all kinds for
sale.
Before you buy or loan your money on Cali-
fornia r.al estate get my opinion of Its value
for your own protection.
E. E. BUNCE. DOS Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
DON'T fall to look at new 2-story residence. 7
rooms, etc., all modern. Just building on th-
corner of Russell and Wheeler sts.. South
Berkeley, near Ashhy station; will t«ell very
cheap, ami easy terms. ALDEN CO., 1115
Broadway, Oakland.
$1150— HOUSE. 7 rooms, stable, etc.: near San
Pablo aye.: foreclosed; old price 11600 ALDEN
CO.. 1116 Broadway.
$HoO— : COTTAGES and lot: near local train,
nnd I snap; will sell both for 11400; 1 rented
and owner lives In the other. ALDEN CO.,
ins Broadway
$650— CHICKEN ranch at Frultvale: also four
acres, all Improved, at $.000. ALDEN CO.,
His Broadway.
_____^~~
$1200.
Cottage; 6 room*: bath; private water plant
<n premises; lot MxlOO: one block from i>ost-
offlce, car*, schools, etc.: owner Interested In
Alaska, the propari sold a year M for $2500;
J-U' or $3uu cash; balance on mortgage: posi-
tively no reserve; first come, first served.
J. S. MYERS.
1002 Broadway. Oakland
A $4500 house and lot for $2?00.
Best residence street In Oakland: lot C0x125;
ti. v.-.'. 7 rooms, bath; modern; A No. 1 condi-
( tion, also barn; runny exposure; convenient to
: schools, cars, trains and business center; mort-
■ Rage to bank list year for $2600; must be sold
: at one.- first to make deposit secures this ex-
traordinary bargain.
J. S. MYERS.
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
; |22«v-Co«t $3500.
House. 7 rooms, bath; driveway: street work,
sidewalks, etc., complete; lot Mxltl near busi-
ness center, car lines, schools, etc ; modern
, plumbing; newly renovated; grained In oak; A
J No. 1 neighborhood; the best bargain ever of-
fered; teeing is believing: first come, first
t«rved; $500 cath, balance mortgage.
J. S. MYERS,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
GENERAL farm; 121 acres; Haywards; 73 acres
cultivated; noose, barn: I head cattle, 7 cows;
all tools; 12 tons hay; $3500. c. K. KING, m
Broadway, Oakland.
WANTED— WiId land for flne residence; large
lot: fronts on 2 streets; Oakland. C. K. KINO,
002 Broadway, Oakland.
TWO acres on electric road, near Hnywardn; all
In fruit; house, etc.; $*00. C. K. KING, Ml
Broadway, Oakland.
40 ACRES, near Llvermore; 1140 20 acres cultl-
vated; good hous* and barn. C. K. KING •
CO.. 902 Broadway. Oakland.
ONE, two or three acre*. East Oakland; house
barn and windmill; cheap. C. K. KING, 902
Broadway, Oakland.
tCS<K^— A NEW, magnificent mansion of It rooms
finished iff In hard woods, with windows of
plate glass; property costing over 120,000; can
now be had at the greatest bargain ever
offered. J. S. JOHNSON, 972 Broadway. Oak-
land.
$10 CASH, i.'. monthly for 2 fine large level lota,
ready for building on; will build a 3-rnom
cottare on these lots, with good well of
water, picket f«nce and outhouse all com-
plete and all told for $500. low monthly rent
paying will buy your home; Allendale Tract
adjoining East Oakland; &8 fancies now lo-
cated within 2H years; streets all graded.
Fome macadamized: close to t electric car
lines and model school; 2 blocks from a 90-
foot- wide boulevard: call or send for circu-
lar. 455 Seventh st . Oakland; carriage free
HENRY 7.. JONES. Owner.
4 ELEOANT houses In course of construction
en ISd St.. bet. Grove and West; 2 completed:
all modern Improvements; street work, side-
walks done: small payment down: balance
monthly If desired: houses open for Inspection
10 to 4 Sundays. J. H. SIMPSON. Cl 5 10th st.
tCOO— WILL sell quick for 14200; fine corner
residence lot 45x175; » rooms: up to date
H E. BUNCE. 90S Broadway. Oakland
— »— — ■ — — »—^^— — — — — —^^ „
OAKLAND FURNITURES KOII HALE.
AN Introduction to you from II She'.lhaas. the
furniture riewter Mt*» or i FnniMln. O«klan<l
DIVIDSXD NOTICES.
THE Continental Building and Loan Associa-
tion of California. M Sansnme St.. San Fran-
cisco, has declared for the 4 months ending
December 31. 1-". a dividend of 12 per cent
per annum to class "A" stock, 10 per cent
per annum to class "F" stock, ( per cent per
annum on term deposits and 5 per cent per
annum on ordinary doposlts.
CAPT OLIVER BLDRIOOB, President.
WILLIAM CORBIN. Secretary
DIVIDEND notice— Mutual Savings Bank of
Ban Francisco, 33 Post st.— For the half year
ending December 31. 14W. a dividend has be«n
declared at the rate of three (3) per cent per
annum on all deposits, free of taxes, payable I
on and after TUESDAY. January 3 1900
GEORGE A. STOaY. Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 100 (50c per
share) of the Oceanic Steamship Company
will be payable at the office of the company.
No. 327 Market St.. on and after Tuesday,
January 2. 1900. Transfer books will close on
Wednesday. December 27. I&S9. at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SAN Francisco Pavings Union. &32 California
st. corner Webb— Dividend Notice— For the
half year ending with the 31st of December.
I*9s. a dividend has been declared at the rate
per annum of three and three-fourths d\)
per cent on term deposits and three and one-
eighth (3H) per cent on ordinary deposits,
free of taxes, payable on an.l after Tuesday
January 2, 1800 LOVELL WHITE. Cashier. '
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— The German Savings and
Loan Society. 428 California it.— For the half
year ending December 31.1539. a dividend has
been declared at the rate of four (4) per cent
tier annum on term deposits and three and
one-thlrd (3 1-3) per cent p«r annum on ordi-
nary deposits, me if taxes, payable on -nd
aftt-r Tuesday. January 2. 1900.
GEO. TOURS'Y. Secretary.
m:\vi.m; machines AAD SLfl'LIF*.
i: MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought. fold:
machine supplies. UZ Slxih: phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, r- '. excaaMfd. renters re-
pulrlntr at lowent mfc«. ;nr, Fourth lit
STOItAGK AMI WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Of fife 401 Port it ror Pnwell; t»l Main R713
MARRIAGE LICENSES
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
i William F. Stein and Joanna Beckmann.26-10
Frank Drelschmeyer and Carrie Campbell. 2s-28
George J. Merger and Jennie Slewerd 29-38
Herbert M.Ashley and Elizabeth McL.BoydSl-25
Ancelo Boltano and Maria Boltano 34-20
j Cyrenlna S. Dundare and Belle Mlke»ell...3s-32
Frederick C. Kruger and Adelaide Sylvia. 2s-24
Adolph Kunzo and Anita Hlggln* .... 2S-24
Thomas F. Farrell and Margaret fallen. 44-44
Kdriii B. Myers and Alice M. Cook 21-22
Charles A. Matson and Emma Johnson 34 :i
Ernest A. Robinson and Annie H"t.vi 14-20
John F. Leonard and Marie M. Smith 23-20
Perclval J. de Lasaux and Kathryn Glbbf.22-18
Henry Burkhartlt and Kate Kunz 1- :•'
Charlie D, Sumncr and Rena D. Bradford. 3o-2S
Hugo Landecker and Flora I^evy 2s-r3
Mark' Lorenzo and Carmen Robles 21-24
John Nelson and Amelia Nelson 31-23
Samuel J. Stat>ledon and Mattie Merrlman27-2n
Samuel Schneider and Carrie Dresner 22-21
Hun • B. Aresen and Odlne Benson 42-27
Pierre J. Rouquette and Valert Bertrand... 3l-24
I Michael Golden and Marguerite Hau«worth3t-2r>
John S. Howk an. Margaret I. Counlbaa. .31-24
George a L. Peterson and Florence A.
Chrlstenaon 2i-lS
BIRTHS — MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
BORN.
ALLEN— In this city. December 15. IS<*. to the
wife of V.*. W. Allen Jr.. a daughter.
BUCKENMEYER— In this city. December 22,
1599. to the wife ■• F. W. Buckenmeytr. a
mn.
BONNET In this city, December 21. UM, to
the wife of William Thomas Bonney. a son.
COLLINS— In this city. December 19. UM, to
the Wife tf Thomas Collins, a son.
FRIEDMAN— In this city, December 23, IS9?, to
the wife of M. Friedman, a son.
rTRTHERINUTON In til- cny.
1 1 -??, to the wife of Robert Hethertngton. a
daughter.
McGl'lßE— ln this city. December 7. 1599, to
tl..- wife of Frank J. McOulre, a daughter.
KNELL In this city. December 23. 1533,
to the wife, of M. J. O'Connell, a daughter.
PETERSON— In thl? city. December S. 15j9, to
the wife of O. F. Peterson, ■ daughter.
BEABURT- In this city. December 13. IS3S. to
th« wife of Thomas H. Heabury. a daughter.
BHEKHAN— In this city. December 9. IS9?, to
the wife of John Shechan. a daughter.
WREN— In this city. December 17. UM, to the
wife of James J. Wren, a son.
WALCOTT In this city. December 23. 1535, to
the wife of George H. Walcott. a daughter.
MARRIED.
McKIEBNAN In tali city, Novem-
ber IS. IM>, at st Peter's Church, by the Rev.
Father Lyons, Frank P. McKlernan and Su-
sie E. Conaty. both of San Francisco.
MORGAN- COONS— In Ban Jose. December 6.
DM, by the Rev. J. Denamore. Thomas D.
Morgan and Miss Martha E. Coons, both of
fan Francisco.
DIED.
Arnew. Robert llvmin. Jay
Barry, Mary A. Hanaen, Matthias
Bourke, Emma J. Kearney, Ellen
Ilullard. James a Koch. Philip
RarU'lme. Edward J. l^:ir\. John T.
Barselata, Frank Llquet, Joseph
liacigaiuiii. Joseph Meyer, Mary W.
Counlhun. John Mellln. Ernest A.
Cesena, X.ii; !i Moftltt. William F.
Cleland, Robert Ponton de Arce. Lucas
Cooper. F. L. Ryan. William
Dunn, Martha Ralph. Mrs. E. '
Denlaaewlai, Ivan Howe, Annie
Erlckson. Alexander Hmlth. Mary A.
Finn. Ellen Peyde. Charles W.
Pthrenbai h, Sophie Til den, Emily A.
Fitapatrlck, Francis Thompson, James A.
Grace, P. 11. Tennant, Ethel l.
Wile x, Silas
AGNEW— In this city, December 21. IR'.<«. Rob-
ert Agnew. beloved husband of Margaret
Acnew. and father of Edward. Robert. Wil-
liam, Bella and Florence Agnew and Mrs. G.
Cavers and Mrs. 11. Moore, a native of Porta-
ferry. County Down, Ireland, aged "3 years
11 months and 27 days.
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at I o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 231 Filbert street, between Hansome
and Montgomery. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
BARRY— In ValleJOk December 81. i cv '. Mary
A., beloved wife of David Barry, loving
m jther of Mrs. Thomas Raines Jr. an I Rich-
ard 0.. David G.. Edward L., Belie and Wil-
liam Barry, oldest daughter of Mrs. Mai
garet McAuliffe. and sifter of Miss A. Gra>.
Mr. M. E. Grny and Mrs. Ethel Alman. a
native of Providence, R. 1., aged 44 years 2
months and 4 days.
C^FrlemN and acquaintances are respect-
full) Invited to atte.vd the funeral this day
iSur.ilnyi. at 12:15 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 632 Maryland street.
BOL'RKE In this city. December 22. 1599,
Emma Jrannette inee Thomas), dearly be
loved wife of James Edward Bank-, and
ulster of Mrs. Grace Jones of Blerravllli Cal..
Mrs. I.lz/.U- Banks of Little Falls, Wash..
Mr- Birdie McCabe Of Tracy. Cal., and Ed
Thomas of Dayton, Wash.; a native cf Call-
fornia, aged 26 yean; and 26 days.
| .--Tii- fun<rul will take place this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late; resi-
dence, 160 Noe street, between Fourteenth and
Fifteenth, thence to Odd Fellows' Cemetery
for cremation. Interment private. Pleaie
omit flowers.
BULLARD— In this city. December H IW>.
James A. Bullard, beloved husband of Mar-
KUerK • J. Bullard, ami father of Bessie W..
Willamette M.. .Ralph J., Mnrguerite L. and
Henry L. Bullard, and brother of Edward
Walton Bullard, a native of Lexington, Mo.,
aged SO years II months and 15 days. (Lex*
lngtoii. Mo.. Walton, Ttnn., and Los Ange-
les papers please copy
(TTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 210$ Hyde 6treet. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
BARTELME-In this city. December 9. I" I *.
Edward John, beloved son of John P. and
Dora A Baiteti a native f Sun Fran-
cisco, aged 2 years and 9 month*.
BARQEUATA In Oakland. December 23. 1599.
Frank, beloved husband Of Domingo Hurt;'
lata. a native- of Genoa. Italy, aged 63 years
2 months and 27 days.
BACIOALUPI— In this city. December 22. 1899,
Joseph Bactgalupl. a native of Italy, aged It.*
years.
|t7"Frlpnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 11:30 o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
Hall. Seventh and Market streets, where
services will be held under the auspices of
the relief board of the I. O. OF Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery. Remains at the under-
taking parlors of Julius S. Godeau, 300 Mont-
gomery avenue.
COUNIHAN— In this city, at the Potrero. De-
cember 22 IR»>. John, beloved husband of
Sarah Counlhan. and father of the late John
Counlhan, a native of Tralee, County Kerry.
Ireland, ared «* years.
(T7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), nt 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. Seventeenth and Carolina streets,
thence to St. Charles Church, where a solemn
requiem hl«h mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Crows Cemetery.
CESENA— In South Fan Francisco. December
21, 1599. Ralph Cesena. dearly beloved son of
Michael and Brudy Ccsena. and brother of
Michael. Edward, Freda. Laura and George
Cesena, a native of San Francisco, aced S
months and ' days
JC7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday). at l o'clock, from the residence
Of his parents. IS4O Sixteenth avenue south.
Pouth Pan Francisco. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
CLELAND— In Belfast. Ireland, at his father's
residence. December R. Itst, Robert Cleland,
formerly of San Francisco, age«i 25 years.
COOPER-In Nevada City. Nevada County.
Cal., December 21. UN, F. L.. beloved hus-
band of Gussle Cooper, and father of Freddie
and <»«-rr:.-i» Cooper.
DUNN— In this city. December 22. 1R95. Martha
beloved wife of John Dunn, a native of Bell
fast. Ireland, aged 62 years anil 7 months.
(Brooklyn. N. V.. papers please copy.)
QCTFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral tills day (Sunday), at 2:20
o'clock, from her late residence, si Pleasant !
street. Interment private. Please omit flow-
ers.
DENI9ZBWISZ*-In thin ■ city. December 2»
I*o9. Ivan Donlssewlsz. a native of Russia!
aged 45 yearn.
CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
ERICKPON'— In this city. December 23. IH9.
IILNRV J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Sacccsscrs to Fltnnsgan A GaiWfhr*).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAL.MSP.S.
at Fifth ft., opposite L'jnola £caoji.
Telephone Sou.h SO.
N. F. Dethlefsen. Chas. H. Jacob.
CHAS. 11. JACOB & CO..
Funeral Directors and Embalmer*. 31$
Mason street, between Geary and O'Far-
rell streets. Telephone. Main HVJ.
Alexander, beloved husband of Bailie Erlck-
son, a nat; 1 . of Sweden. uge<] 63 enrs.
FINN— in this city. December Tl. iViJ. Ellen,
beloved wife of James T. Finn, mother of
Thomas. Edward. William. Joseph. Oeorze.
Nellie. Julia and Frances Finn, and sister of
Mrs. John" fralE, ■ native of the parish of
Taughmnccnnell. Count) Roscommon, In
land, nice-] «v years.
CTFrlends nnd nc<iun!ntance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at X:3O o'clock. (ram the parlors of
the United Undertakers. T! and 73 Fifth
street, thence to Pt. ItoM'i Church, here a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
FEHRENBACH— In this city. December S.
1559, Sojihle. beloved wife of Albert Fehren-
baeh. an.l sister nf Mrs. Marie Helnleln. a
native of Bayern. Germany, aged 47 years
7 months and IT days.
C^r.Votlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of H. F. Suhr &Co 1137 Mls-
Flon eereet.
riTZPATRICK In this city. December 23.
ISW, Francis, beloved hurband of Nora Fitx-
ratrlck. nnd father nf Mary, Frank an-1 MaR-
Kle Fitzratrlck. ii native of Jersey CltyJ New
Jersey, aged C 3 years l month and 33 days.
O RACE In Nevada City. November ?«. ISM.
P. H.. beloved father of May -E. Grace of
San Frnnclsco and Frank M. Grace. air»'d 14
years.
lIYMAN" In this cltv. December Z3. isr». Jay
Hymnn. beloved son of Mrs. M. 11. Jacobs
of Antlocl Cn!.. a native of San Pedro. Cal.,
<!*• i ii years and 3 months.
C Remains at the parlors of Charles J. B.
Ifetaler C3S Washington street.
lIANSEN-In this city. mber 23. IBM Mat-
thias, beloved husband of Hertlne Hanaen.
and father of Henry Hanson. Mrs. Lizzie
iXipffe and a.) .ir.h Hansen, n native of Nor-
way. net .1 « yenrs and 20 days. A member of
Pacific I^dee No. IM. I. O. O. F.
E7Frl«*nds an-! ncaualntances are resoect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), nt 1:20 o'clock; from his late resi-
dence. 3SI» Army street, between Dolores and
Church. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery
%la ■•:•• trie funerut car from Twenty-sixth
and Army streets at 2:3 i) o'clock
KEARNEY— In this city. December 22. ISW.
Kllen Kearney, bHovetl mother of Mrs.
George is. Knowles, a native of County Cork,
Ireland, used 73 years.
Z^7 Friend^ and acijualntances are respeti-
fully tnvltctl to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), nt 11:30 o'clock, ■' m her late re?i-
dence, 21S Clipper street, thence to -■ Paul's
Church for services at 1! o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
KOCH— In this city, December 22. U3J, Philip
Koch, beloved son ■■( Georc". 1 William «na
Eva Koch, and brother of Harry. OeorKe \V..
Alice V. and Lou Koch, a native of North
San Juan, Cal., aged ':; years I months and li
days.
CVThe funeral will take place this day
<Sumlay), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
parents, SIS Grove street. Please omit flow-
vn. Interment private. Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery, "v
LEAHY— In this city. December 22. IW. John
T.. beloved son of John and Hannah Leary.
anl brother J. F . D. J.. E. A., M. E. and
K. F. Leary ami Mrs. J. E. Flttpatri
native of San Francisco.
CTTha fun tl will take place this day
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late re«.-
dence. 111.' Cnstrj street, thenre to st James
Church, where a solemn requiem hUh mtM
will be celebrated lor th.- rv[»*e of his soul,
at 9 o'clock. Interment private, Holy Cross
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
LlwUEt in this city. December 22. ISW. Jo-
seph, belnved brother of Victor Ltquet, a na-
tive of France, axed tl years.
C '' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this da)
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock; from the parlors of
Julius H. (Jodeau. 30.1 Montgomery avenue,
thence to French Church of Notre Dame dcs
Vlctolres. wbere service* will be held at 1')
o'clock, thence to electrti: car at F»-urte*nth
and Mission streets at 11 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
MEVEU— In this city. December 22. 1190. Mary
W.. beloved wife of Henry Meyer, and mother
of Itobert Meyer, a native of Virginia. ageJ
55 years.
t^Frlends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, the Piedmont. U9A Sixth street, ln-
ternitnt Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric
car from Eighteenth and I lerrere strevts.
MELLIN —In this city. December 22, lijr\,
Ernest A.. Leloved son of Charley and Nellif
Mellin. and brother of Milo, Ueorge and the
late Rath M. Mellin, a native of Alameda,
aired * years 11 months and 'i days.
" ?)r rit n.l.s and Acquaintances are resuert-
fully Invited to attend the luii>riil this day
(Sundays, at 2 o'clock, from the family reel-
dence, 14 Cuvler street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
MOFFITT-In V this city. December 23. ISJ9.
William F. Mnf.lit, beloved son of the late
John and Sarah I' Moffltt, a native of San
Francisco. ased 2S years.
(LT Notice of tuneral hereafter. Kemalns
at the par! of J. C. O'Connor 4 Co., 767
Mission Ftrcct.
PONTON DE AKCE-In Guatemala. Central
America. November 29. l«'.-9. Lucas, lieloved
husband of Mrs. Elodte Ponton de Arce. and
father of Stanley and Kdgar l J ml in tic Arce,
Mrs. Bcbevarla and Mrs. Klcardo Vlllafrancu,
a native of Cuba, aged 7-) yearn.
KYAN— In this city. December 22. 1839, Wli-
11 im Kyan, a native of CeohH, County Tip-
perary. Ireland, aged 66 years.
ICTThe funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), nt 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 12US Turk street, thence to Holy Cross
Churcn, where service* will be velebrntc-1 for
th. repose of nil soul, commencing at 2:3>>
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ci-metery.
I'.ai.i ii In Crass Valley. December 23. ID),
Mrs. E. Ralph, formerly of New Almaden.
Santa Clara County, ral . aged It years and I
. months.
t-7 lnterment Tuesday, L>ecember >, at San
Johe, Cal.
ROWE— In this city. December 23. i*», Annie
Howe, a native of Ulennvllle. County Cork,
Ireland, axed .'■< >ears.
SMITH In this city. r>eeember 22. IW. Mary
A . beloved wife of C. J. Hmlth. and sister
..f Catherine*. Hir-li-*. Aleck and James
O'Brien and Mr- L 11. Cosper. ■ native of
San Francisco.
The funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'c-1-H-k from the parlors of the
California Undertaking Company, 4^o Powell
street, near Post, thence to St. Brlgld'a
Church, corner •>' Van Ness avenue ami
Broadway, for services, commenelni; at 1.30
o'clock.' Interment »>rlvate.
SEYDE— In this city. December 21. UOJ. Charles
\V . beloved father of Gertrude Seyde of He-
lena. Mont., .1 native of Germany, aged «"
years. A United States soldier.
j'Frien.i* and acquaintance* are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at : o'clock, from the peurlon of
the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, under the auspices of the Odd
Fellows' board of relief. Interment Iwiun i
Hill Cemetery.
TILDEN— In this city. December 21. I<tt3. Emily
A . beloved wife of H. N. Tll-len. arj'l mother
of Heber C. Ttlden. a native of Northfield.
VI . nge«l ;•:' years I months and •> -lays.
i Northiel ' and Montpeller, VI . papers please
copy.)
C7"The funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the family
residence, IuOO California street. Interment
Cypress I.awti Cemetery.
THOMPSON— In this city. December 22. I<!W.
at 1781 Green street. James Alden Thomf«on.
a native of Honolulu, resident of Mill Valley,
ared 54 jcar*.
Funeral services will be held at Cath-
olic church, t-'nusallto. to-morrow (Monday;,
at noon. Interment private
TENNANT— In Alameda. Der*mbe r 22. IW.
Ethel L. Tennant. beloved daughter Of Mrs
E. M Slnnete.. and sister of Iceland. .lame->,
Elvah and Irvine Tennant. a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 18 years and % months.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence.
1.">24 Bay ftreet. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery.
WILCOX-In this city. December 21. He*,
Silas Wllcox. beloved husband of Elizabeth
Wllcox. and father ot Emma, Katie. Lizzie.
Mao*. Silas 11. and William D. Wllcnx. a na-
tive of Columbus, Ohio, aged 70 years.
C7Frlends and acq,i<vlntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 204 Rose avenue, between Octavla and
Lag-una streets, thence to electric car. Four-
teenth and Mission streets, at 1:30 o'clock.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
latk SllirriXJ i> n-.i.i.n.r.x
SAILED.
Saturday. December iZ.
Ptmr Rival. Johnson. C.rtiyn Harbor.
Btmr South Portland. Hall. l>«*r>artur« Bay.
DOMESTIC PORTS
PORT ANGELES-Arrlved I >~- - Shli. C F
Banr*nt, hence I>ec 111.
BalUd Dec 3— Bark Cha» R Kenny, for Hono-
lulu. shn> <" F Sartfent. for t'nmni.
OCEAN STEAMERS
NEW YORK-Arrlvrd Dec 13-Stmr La P.r»-
tacne. from Havre.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
IORfH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
VI. limlHl Parry
Commencing t^ctuber 1. ISJ>
FBOM BAN FRANCISCO TO MiLL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL. «^»*a. l
WEEK DATS— »7:M. •<•*>. 11:00 a. m.- •»•«!
•1:40. i is. «00. « so p. m. " V?
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and San Ra-
fad. on Monday*. Wednesdays and Baturda\T
at 3:CO and 11:30 p. m. «>«iuraaya.
SINPAT9-n». »10:00. •!!:» a. m • nil
I:1S. *44i. « M. »:00 p. m '
Trains marked (*) run to Pan Qiientin
FROM BAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-6:ZS. H.X. 4S. •?■« V 2*:
•1J:SO. 11*. »J:4O, »J:IJ p. m. "••
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays mi
Saturday, at 8:40 and 10:15 p. m 7 nd
SUNDATS-«:». 1:00. •l 5:00. 11 «« m .
•1:40. •3:15. 4 45. »«:J0 p. m. ' ** a "
Trains marked i«) nan from San Ouantln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO BAN FRANCI3CO
WEEK DATS-6:4J. B:4J. 785 »•« i~i?:
U:SS. I:SS. 1:45. 5:» p. m ' *" m-*m -*
EXTRA TRIP? on Monday.. Wednesday, and
Bktur<Jajr« at T:CO and 1O:M p. m
»:O»Vr« A IV :OG ' 10:06 *• m ; 12:06 - 1:U - Ml
THROUGH TRAINS.
T:00 a. m week day.-Caraderoand waystatlrma.
1:40 p. m. |aturda>»-.Tomale. and fay »tat|pn»l
1:00 a. gj. Bur.a*ia-To<u*l.i an 4 way nation!
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
•.'MTiiriti r«« irir ('(inriir.
lr*L-iric hthtcm.)
Trains ■*>■•««• mi. l »..■ ttitr> i« M rrl**> ••
M.t.% lIUX'iM O.
(Main lire. root of Market Street.)
leave — Fr.ou r.-inri: 13, 1539. — *r.rira
•J:OO\ |:. r ir|». .' i.l.vi-.i. EUa'ra. VaciTlUe,
lli;r.'g:y ca.l f'aen-icui.j. . *7li3r
•:»«•• - •. ! Willows.
Ue-l Zluif. PcrUarU . *7i«ar
•Tin*. Maillncz. Hen ltar.i&n. VnlleJo.^Japa,
« ji; -.:• - kLv.i .' i-.-.'.i i: i-.- 1 '••■Sir
•»:3'> The OTCthnd LI rlrrU-Ostlcr, Den-
Tcr, liamaa. Cticayi . 'OiLif
•• :•'. f;» t , joji-, Llfcrraoro, Htncki™»,
Iniic. NaCT.i-ii'iit-'. riac ml*.
Mtrrsvlll i t.hico. ltc-li:ii:ir . MilSp
•»iiaa» •Miiton (>a kiltil»auil fwen # liMr
•0:OO. Mr.jwar.'ii. XV.i s ar»l \T^y nations. -11:1.14
•B:OOa D*. ■ \TfouUrd. Kni;fcU Uadlag'.
Jiarj.iTilic. i»n>tit!-. .' «7il3r
•O:OO. Alia: fj • I »[r, •■..'..■■. ami Rast # ":I3\
•OtOO\ Mnr;l:ier. Tr>c7. La'.brop, Ktocktoa.
Met; -1311-1 If,- i.t. .... •l»il»r
•»•«'• rcrtCoSt*. JllStO. Mrjlfo ». 1 I Ail
Antrim "iiiinp
•!•:•<•< V:l', J... JUrtines an-I Way Hfatlcm # Oil.lr
•II:OOA Ili-.vr.it.Vi. .*;.'.•. «i,.1 V.'ay Ku'itu. -<tt3r
■latOOll Mit a, Lltfrmo-e. Htockton. Mtfrv
l: :i?", .MrndoU, 11-.i;f; - .. Vijalla,
lVr:rtTll!o •I Hi
tl:on BaCfSOKBto l.'lttrS'emnetii •> n*r
•3:OOr Hrjrsnbi, Silts ==.l Way Sutlona. # 3tl3p
•1 "Or Mi'itlnvr. Man lUami, Vall»K
ttntn, • -..';-:•. < % ".■.,■ ii c, fl .» 'nil.
•liiior Dmltb. VacatUV.
«V. .. ii.v.-!. I.. Kit. Lanliuf,
Mnrj-.tlllr. Onif Hie Mnilit
•«>::<»: Ni'f.i. r.ru.l S- rKf I «7:iar
•.Too, l; Onl McltrcJ-Tntj, Frrsno.
l>kr r lii 1.1. fianjna f. r Manta lUr-
lan. U* Argcles •|":t-1»
o3:00r .i- LlTltc<l~Cl r»»j. Xcw Of
l.Trseml Cist «IO:I3«
•3i»OrKto(kto:t. Mr reft I. rrniio •I'JilAr
•3::i«rK«. lUker ...ri.l. •i. • . 1: ,,' .1 ..
Lcj Argclcr l^trtlac. El I'ato,
Res ori.-ii. ■».!;, 1 v.y.: •« ii.
•3t3«r Mi • i 111 !:• ..:•. — V. i.ii, ■ Etfrras
for SJoJat.. m.-l li«t 'Otl.lp
•0:00: Ilayrsnls, Elieaantl San .1 ■ <• ■ •: l>,
•C: -." Vn!lc|< \...*1«i13r
•KinorOTlcrUlM^l-Oclcii ar.il JVI • -.or
J".:««r V-: 'j ■>. IVrt 1. -:».ii 1 Way :.•*
lloua i«»i33r
•»l«l.-» <>r-';;oiiand CslifiTiilt llii.iim.iao-
ntiuentu, M.trjnillli*. Cmbllnc,
iytHi...i. r.if-t h,,.i,,,i u ,,,i 1 „,% '<|IT4
COWT IUVIsIItN N,rn.n t.i«»r|.
(Footrf il.rkctstrrct.)
•»i».»\ He. Taik.rVutrtii.lr.Kan. loce. Krl ton,
l:. ii'-Icti r ('..- ii.i.»< inn, \\\ .it
wtiiioys ; •.•»!•■»•»
I«il3r Nsrrark. Cct.trtf ilh\ Rail J-««. Ziew
Almaiien. »lfr«>. |!onldor t'rrek,
fauf'i < r>* an-l Priuclral V»'ay
h :at 1n.3 fl« .-v» 4
•Jtl.Tp Jfewsr!:, M«n .!<»«, ls»\. ■»'... "j^-so*
611:1 llnntcn' Ksrunt.n, tiaa .X».- an-l
\VayS»»«|T-s •-•€►»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrvMl rmscuo— r«t ri ii«rkii -t,.i ,•, ,, *, _
•7:16 Of) ll.oOi.it. |i:: »2:3 |J;:3
*i£3 {■: : :: «C;S3e.«.
fremllllir.D-ftol«fßt»ia«./.— T.no »CO 10.00».m.
n::3 *i::o ism •!.:: itea *z.<>.*.
CUAVr DIVISION Bread (. i <
( Illinium! Tor ii»ci. l HU)
|C:IO\ Ocean View, Mot Mjii Ktincl-n... |U:.'lwp
•7:OOa San J-: « ami War »ltiiii 1* •:.•■./
.Mn. 11I' 11 Wnli.cijjji out)) *l:l<ir
••■•a* Hall Jtwe, Trrn rinii*, HmUtnn,
Paritic (June. I .." . ll. <i-Ut, "•">
I. ilia 1 .Im| ... tu.it. !.,:.■;,(. and
Pilnrl|M Wnjr Sutli.iir. 'I IDr
•ll> 111. S.m .),..., 1,1, I \\«, M...U..; *U:3.1%
•iii:i>. --. J. -.1 and Way KUtlm..* •-,;i.i r
«»i43rBan Matr,,. 1!,,1r..,.-l. M.- ■;■• Path,
Palo Alto. KantnClan. •• ,•■ .1. «•.
Tre« Plnos. Httuta !'><■/. .-ii.-«',
Monterri ami I'aclfle IJroti" !«>:!•*
fS::ii»r -an I U'ay Kuilnna # 7i3op
!l:!3r >.i J •cainl rrincipal Way Niatlnna "> I". »
3:OOr San Joaoantl Principal Way Surli.es f9:O»«
.1:::iir Han. li«v »«■! Pilueinal V.'uy Statl-us •«t3S»
•ai.to fan Jfiscand W»y Rtatl-ma •"'»
HI: I". Pax .lc<"»ii.| \V»y Sfatimn «J:3Op
A lot Moruiug. I' Im A(tern<»<n. ~
•D»ii) » Hiitiilay eirepted : .- vi.-l t>' . m j
h Katurda; fM'y
• TucsdiT* and Fiidijs cTT i i Taj i and Pondart.
CALIFOHNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon hjrrjr. Foot of A.arket St
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN lUFAF.L
WEEK DATS— 7:10. >.M. II :C0 a m. . lit*.
IM. {.10. 1:10 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trt»
at 11 to p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at '..A
and 11 .M p. m.
EUNDATS— I:OO. »:*3. UOO a. m. : l:». JO.
00. «:» d m.
HAN HAfAKL TO SAN TRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— «:I». 7 40. 1:19. 11:10 a. BB>; 11:0.
•M. 110 p. m Saturdays— Extra trip* at
ll.'. and I IS p. m
BITKDATB— SI*. > to. 11:19 a. m. 1 •». 1:49. 10*.
IK d. m.
Between San Francisco and Sc&u*ta*a Para
Mini •rb"'\*i|e as abort.
Leavt I Arrtv*
Fan Francisco. In r.Teet Han Francisco.
October It. — — —
Week fun- Mi. Bun- %V— «
Days. days. Destination 4aya, Day*.
7:10 am 8:00 am Noratn. 10 40 ami I*o ana
1:10 pm ISO am Petaluma. «'Mpmlo It am
1:10 pm SOO pm Banta Kom. Ml pn till paa
Fulton.
IK am Windsor. 19:B aat
H»« l«b'irg.
Lytton.
O»yservlile.
1:10 pm 00 am Cloverdalt. 7:23 ptn l:Dpa
T:M am Bopland and
1:00 am Uklab. 7:IJ cm « It pn»
1:10 am 10 » aaa
1:00 am Gueretrtlls. 7:33 rm
1:30 pro * rj :»»
1:10 am 1:00 am Bcnoma 18:40 im I «0 am
and
1:10 pm 00 pm Gl*n Ellen. 1:05 pm l:n pm
7M am lO*im Sebastopol. 1040 im'U:B %m
t 30 rm 6:00 rm I 7:35 pm 1 in cm
Ftatres connect at Fanta Rnsa for Mark W*at
Eprlnics and White Sulphur Springs: at i.y.tin
for l.vtt ?prln««: at OeysenrllU for Hk<c*»
Eprlnxs: at ClrvcrCale for th- Geysers: at Hol-
land for Duncan ?pr'na;» Hlshland Sprtnfs.
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad springs, •«U Bar. Lak«<
port and Hartlett Bprlmra; at Vklah fir Vlebr
Springs. Sarat Fprlnr*. illue U«»i. Laursi
Dell Lake, Witter Sprln««. Upper Lak». Porno.
Potter Valley. John Day's. Tllvenld*. Lltrl«y*s.
Htirkneir«. franheilrtn Heights. Hullviu*. Orrs
Hot I rings, MtndoHno City. Fort Oract*.
Westport. Deal. Wtllltts. I^ytonvtll*. Cum-
mint i. Heir* Springs. Harris. Ola* a a. Dy«r.
Pert I a an/1 Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip ticket* at re*
«Suced rate*.
On Sunday round trio tickets to all potata
beyond Bun Rafael at half rate*
Ticket Offices. «}0 Market St.. Cbronlel* bide
H. C. WHITINO. R. X RTA.N.
General Manager. Gen. Pasa. Ag*ac
ijL fLJ^^W^^^M^^m^Jm^^^U lgaV9^^B&ja3gagagaiiigagagagaW
••> . \ ■ge^*^**^ - ' *^!J"
CALIFORNIA LIMITED >
S'nta Fe Route.
Th» fastest train, running over th* beet raß-
road. with th* highest elaa* aecommodatlona.
Connecting train l»a»»a San Franctaco at
I 00 p. m
MOSDAT. WtDrTISDIT niIDAT. .\TX*DAT.
Arriving In Chicago at 1:11 p. m
rSIDAT. SC.IDiT. tci4jat WEO.XE3DAT.
OVERLAND EXPRESS
Every day In th* year. Pullman Palac* and
Upholstered Tourist Para tear* Oakland Molt
for Denver. Kansas City. Cluoago and tb* Eaat
1:10 p. m. m~m ~'~
VALLEY ROAD
Between Stockton Fresno, Hanford. V'eaJlsv
Tulare and B»ker«r.r>< I furnlihe* good local
train service.
Ban Francisco office. C 3 Market st . t*l*pheaa»
Main VS3I.
Oakland ofHre. 111! Broadway.
Sacramento off*. ». tH\ J street.
Bar. Jost off.cc. : West Tar.U Clara itr*tt.
MOUNT TAMALPAI.S :tl>|. RAILWAY
Lea c Ean Francisco via Sauiallto Ferry.
Wee* Days— 9:30 a. m. and 1:43 p. m
6undaya..t:oo. 10:00 a m mil 1:13 p. ra.
Bteam-heated. closed car on all train*.
Fart. .San Fraoelsca to Summit anl Return.
tl 40.
'
WEEKLY CALL
Enlarged to 16 Pages. $1 per Year
2526
LATEST FRATERNAL NEWS
The Eartfin Star.
■ Betilah
Bt
■
I
■
■
■
n■ : ;
-
i
■
• <•
■
■
€
The ijijinl ma>:«T will vl^lt this week as
f.!!..\\>: Tuesday to Petaluma Lodge:
Wednesday t<» Columbia l-od^e. Alarnetla;
Thursday t<« Observatory, Sa.n Jo<i- tuid
Bcandla lo „•■-. ;n joint m.etinn in San
.!>»••; J'rMay in Kv<ii:rjj; tfmr and Orion
Jod.-re* in .Lint nn-< ti:i«r in Kast Oakland;
.'•■■! Saturday to Crusade L^nigv. la Al
\.ii:m!...
I'.iiiur Lodge lia«l a double Initiation
!:^' Thursday and next Thursday It will
Install Its new oUiocr*.
J'ark'-r !-•...• wiJl install Its officers on
\)i" -<1 <if January and an entertainment
:i;ul tlunci' will i.iil(,u-. Yerl.a Uu.-nu
l.<»l?o v\!H InMuM on the <th and Templar
will liiM;.ll ..:, tliv j*eoond Wednesday In
January.
Odd Fellows (M. U.).
Loyal Mission Lodge. Odd Follows
(M. L\), nt i'.s last held meetlnp received
«iSht candidates by initiation and con
ferred the Nyrl^t degree on fix. entitled
in receive the s.im.-. This lodge is male
ing amusement* f<>r an entertainment to
l>e given In January next.
The Xative Sons.
On the night of the i:th Inst. Hesperian
Parlor will Ik- entertained by an lllum
iraied lecture <«n "With the First Hr^i
imnt 1:. tli^ I':iilsi)]iln«-s," liy Lifutcnant
11. J. Dowdell. In Mission rlor lialL
tWinring win follow Uu- lecture
William j. Vartel of lajs Angeles, in a
Mur to Grand Secretary l^unstedt,
writes: "Tli« order la fluurlFhinf? d»jwn
bere. The distribution of the medals to
the California Volunteers wa* a great
ruccoKs In all rot<j>«'<.ib and has l><>en one
«>f thu !■■ -: 11..:.*,.- for the order that ii.i
taken place in Wus j.art of the Slate. Th«
cannon presented by Oc-ncral Shu/ter on
ltie same wcaslun one ruptured ut
.s u !ir.i 1^.. ) »..;.;- tji.. itiM-rijiiion ihut It is
pre»enied t.< tin- elty <if i^os Anceles In
iruM for th.s Native Sons of the Golden
Mest.^ How is that for a little good
District Deputy Grand President Henry
F. I*. rnau will install if.o. .itUorr. of Slan-
Xoril I'arlor No. 76 on the 2d «if January.
Past ITesld-nt 1. l.azar of U.s Osos
Parlor of Kan i.u!a Obispo was In this city
last wr*k for the holidays.
Urand Trustee 11. H. MoNoblo and
George K. CatU of the mortal committee
have distributed rib-out ",W medals nnd cer
:.-..-:ii. v to voluntf<>ra who rnllstod in
the companies t Han Joatjuin County nnd
\k-lnlty. They were w. II received and
l lure was a pul lie dt monsiration In
each place they vlnlted. Maj.. r Walter \\
«;re.r of the committee an.j Geor^o j"
l^-.l,nf«ld «.f tli^ adjutant General's ofllce
attends the distrtbuUon In Sacramento
County: Mayor Forbcx nvA Grand Outside
S r,V tln^L M "r'. ut " -c Vl< * re on han « l «t Marys
ville. Ihe ( allfwrtila medal fund commit
tee wl.l. when It han completed u 8 i-ibors
havo distributed tsoo medauHand certitt!
Tin* Joint Pth of Srpirmbrr mmmittoo of
l!«m will <Tt;.iul7.rt |.rrmiir..'m]y <,n the
n'.cht of ilu» 21M of .January. Tlie rommlt
tr-»- will consist of 0v« incmlxTK fmm'carh
..f th<« local parlur*. Th«« fnllowlriK name*
Jinv<« IK-rn tn«»ntlon«*<i fur tsi<« ocvcml of-
Hm« to In- rillcl: For chairman. W n
Ftica of <*^il!fnrn!a Varlcr and Jam^s I>'
I'lulan of I'ariilo I'arJ.ir: for vice
man. H«*nry « Jo ore Washlnfrton Itinkol
fi>Hl Of Bay City Parlor ami Juricc Trank
11. Dunrso of Columbia Parlor: for secre
tary. John J. Ixrman of Stanford Parlor
nnd J. J. Finn of Hlncon Parlor: for tr«-a»
ttrer. P. <!*• I*>* of National Parlor. It Js
« xpfctfd that other catnlld.-.tfn will \*>
j.rc?v»ntc<l *>n tho nicht of th<> moptirK. as
<ill th<» parlor* nro Inklnp a lively in]«-r
t-ft In tlio rominjr oclfbratlon. which will
vill he th«* scml-cpntennial <if the aJmls
sifin of California into tho I'nlon.
A circular hns tw^en s<nt «<ut from th*>
Part Presidents* Association a«klnp the
t ••cr*»tarir* of *he different parlors
throujrttrtut tho Btato to pend In a 11<--t
of th«'ir pa*t pr^sldrnts. When th« names
and nfldr**S)«os nro obtained a circular will
t«* rrnt to each individual t*oitlni; forth
the objects of the now association.
Native Daughters.
Yo.«cmlto Parlor NO. 83. Native Daußh
ttni cf the Golden West, will give a pri
vat<» masquerade nodal In Mission Parlor
Hall on tho night of the l.th of January.
The grand march Is scheduled for * v i:i
o'clock.
Copa de Oro Parlor No. 105 is arranging
for minstrel shows to l>o given December
30 and January l '" one "' the public halls
at Holllster. This parlor lias elected its
officers for the ensuing term ami has
chosen Mr- William Holllngberry as its
president, Mrs. Ida Green recording and
Miss l^-na Wicks financial secretary.
La Paloma Parlor No 110 of Gil
roy gave a two nights' ladles'
minstrel show la.- 1 .Monday and
Tuesday. The show was the attrac
tion there and was a very creditable ac-
Jalr. This was the sti-uim entertainment
given by thi:s parlor, which was instituted
iiut iuu montns ago. li is composed or
young Caliioruiaju who are determined
10 let the worlo know that La Paloma is a
iive factor in the fraternal rid.
Darina Parlor has arranged for a
Christmas tree festival .ii tittasta Hall.
Native Suns' building next Friday night,
it will 1k« the nrst event *«f this character
gi\tn l.y tins parlor and Hie following
named comniltwv is working hard :o
achieve buccess: Mrs. Emma ilalph. Miss
Margaret ilark. Miss Frances bdwurds,
Miss Lyda Carroll. Miss Genevieve Car
roll, the -Misses Lcib ami Mrs. Clark.
There never %\as a inure pleased nor
happier as^emblaKe in Mission i'arior Hall
than <>n last Monday nlgm, 0:1 the occa
sion of the Nimroa lisii sociai given by
Las l-omas Parlor. It was a puzzle to
understand why the invitaiion cards had
printed on them "Mmi social," lien it
w;is tn be a nshing party, ami 11 v.as not
until some one v.cli up In Hiblicai lore
explained that, according to Genesis s:9,
NimriHi was a mighty hunter mtui. accord
ing t <» Milton, ii. "Paraui.-e Lost," and to
Pope, Nlmrod'a prey was the eons of men.
Kn.in the large number of Native Sons
pre.-etu. sons of pioneers, it wa-s evident
thai the members «>f ihe parlor had ail
been active Nimrods. The programme
that was presented had for features an
umbrella dance, a fancy dance, cake
walking, vocal selections, dialogued reci
tation*, French ballads and i'To^morrow,"
a farce, the cuntributora to the entertain*
ment being: Lil Gregory, Eunice Miller,
Hazel Duggan. M. Magulrc. Master l.'ar
ncl. Miss i^etghton. William Miller and
Goorse Adore. Tlure was in addition a
tish jM»nd. also a fortune-t-ller, the many
who attended catching their Christmas
presents with silver hooks from the lirst
named and learning all about themselves
lrom the latter. And there was dancing
until 11 o'clock, when the guests partook
of a "lish" collation. The only thing on
the table outside of delicacies that bora
any resemblance to tish was a miniature
paper one on the table before each guest,
ail built on the same pattern, but each
labeled with a different name.
At a recent meeting of l.as Lomas Par
lor tlie majority of the members attended
a Russian wedding, thai w:ls in enter
taining feature got up by the good of the
order committee. Members took part in
the wedding, which was productive of
much amusement. The groom, Julius
I*rokel«:nosoff, was p«*n«onnted. by Miss
Rose Bell; the bride. Bridget O'Shamlsey,
Miss Heort; maid of honor. Miss li. Con
lln: best man, Miss Julia Moiler; father,
Mrs. Ira SchofleM; minister. Miss M. Lay
ton; bridesmaid. Mi Anderson; ring
bearer, little Hazel Anderson. As a trav
esty it was a great success.
Knights of Mr.ccaber?.
On • . DCISCO
-
'!'. lit.
■
■ < rnal
■
-
Lndies of the Mnccnhpes.
■
Saji Francisco Hive on the evening of
the 15th Insl. had a very pleasant social
In the main hull of the Alcazar building.
There were gi\en vocal solos by M. B.
Schotield and 11. Greene, violin solo by
l'lu-bc Gibson, piano solo by Stewart Wal
ter and other numbers, nnd there was a
pleuFing and interesting address by Lady
Commander Mary K. Salmond. There
was also a cake walk. The prize was
awarded to Captain Salmond, and a silk
rmbroid«rcd rofa pillow was awarded to
Turner, he having guessed the exact num
ber that would entitle a kuoss« r to it.
The? programme was followed by a dance.
State Deputy Commander Lady Kudu
eia S. Mofiat has been very active in the
southern part of the State. In addition to
the hives she visited, as already an
nounced In this department, she canceled
her obligations with I'asadena Hive and
Santa Monica Hive at Riverside by visit
ing th«-m. At th«* various places she vis
lied she was gladly welcomed, nnd Hhe
imparted much information as to the or
der nnd its progress. At a number of the
places she visited pho was invited to ban
quets got up In her honor; at others she
■was tendered receptions.
■ B ithern Call
■i• ■ . ■
■
tatl • ■ ' • that
-n < "allfor
v b undei ' . - neral
•
>rk nf tli.
• in the south 1 lio ■ '
itltuted two new hi
:: > T1 < 1 t ho Other at !*• :: ■
Ord«?r of Druids.
• rr.n! mom
■
:
...
ted >>y John
M . Ol
: 'i arch h;is been In
...
■ snail i ■• ami
SERVICES THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES.
Hamilton Square Baptist. Post street, near
Stelner— Kev. W. C. Jenkins.
First Bnptls-t. Auditorium. Y. M. C. A.—
Rev. E. A. Woods.
Illchmond Congregational, corner Seventh
avenue ar.d • meat street— ltev. Philip
Coomb*.
Ollvrt Congregational. Seventeenth and Noe
etreets— ltev. 11. T. Shepard.
Third Congregational. Fifteenth street, near
Mltfsion-Kev. William Hader.
m
First Cnngrecatlonal Church, corner Post
i.n<l Muwn ctn-rts— Uev. George C.
Adams.
Uftliany Congrrgatirtnal, Uartlett street,
ti^ar Twenty-flrn— Rev. W. C. Pond.
Plymouth Congregational, Post street,
Ktwwn Uuch and Webster — Rev. 1 ■'. U.
Ch«-rlngton. •■
St Icnatlus. Van Ne?s avenue .■:. ! Hayes
stret-t— Jesuit Fathers.
St. Mary's Cathedral. Van Ners avenue and
O'Farrell street— ltev. Father l'render-
Kast, V. G.
Bt. Mary's. California and Dupont streets—
Paulist Fathers.
Trinity. Bush and Gough streets — Rev. W.
H. Ilanson.
St. I.uK<-'i>. Van Ness avenue and Clay
rtreet— ltev. E. C. tiarrctt.
Et. Stephen's Episcopal— Fulton street, be
tween Webrter and Flllmore.
Evnng»>Hcal ICmmanuel, Twelfth street,
near Market— Key. F. W. Fischer.
First English Lutheran. 1319 Geary street—
ltev. E. "lander.
First Christian. Twelfth street, near Mis
sion—ltev. F. S. Ford.
Central M. E.. Mission street, between
Sixth and Seventh— ltev. S. U. Hutsln
pUlar.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1899.
loss by reason of absence from business,
to the advancement of the order of which
he Is the head, being determined within
his term to personally visit every subor
dinate grove- In the Jurisdiction. The ef
fect of .li" great Interest he has taken
lias made Itself manifest In the Increase
In membership during the current term.
He Is what is termed in the fraternal
world "a hustler who makes everybody
else hustle." iiiui it is that kind of an of
ficer who v.ins.
Within fie past two weeks the noble
grand arch and the grand secretary visit
ed Solano drove at Fairtleld, where they
initiated twelve strangers and then con
ferred the degrees. They gave the grove
officers a thorough waking up and placed
them in the hustle line. From that point
they went tr- Sacramento and paid a vis
it to the grove there situated, known as
Sacramento No. 112. They witnessed
work in the Initiatory degree and gave the
membership valuable Instructions and nd
vlce. This grove. Instituted but a year
:igo, has how a membership of 100 and
is |n a most prosperous condition. After
the close ol the grove there was a ban
quet, at which the visiting ofAcers were
the guests of honor. The following night
the officers : aid a visit to VvalhaJla
Grove No. t> In the same place and were
most cordially received by. Past Noble
Grand Area Wilson A. Henry. Grand Sen
tinel William Percy and the membership.
They subsequently visited Placervtlie,
where California Grove No. 1 and Xl- Do
rado fir.ivp No. :»*i met in joint session and
pave an exemplification of the Initiatory
.• rfc with live material, after which there
was a banquet and congratulatory ad
dresses. The grand olllcers then went to
Slssons, where they initiated three can
didates for Giordano Hruno Grove No.
110 and conferred the second and third .le
grrts on four others. In honor of the visit
the grand officers were the special guests
at a banquet.
Recent notes from groves are that Jnrk
fon Grove recently Initiated four
strangers; conferred the second and third
degrees on twelve and received three ap
plications. Mission Grove initiated one.
Norma two, Aurora two and Petaluma
one. Aurora conferred the second and
third degrees on right candidates and Pet
aluma received one application.
Galileo Grove No. 'SI received a visit
from the grand otlicers last Tuesday ni^ht
and there was a large number In iutetd
ar.ee.
Xl Dnrado Circle will give a party this
evening.
Foresters of America.
rtalnnv :.; .• recenti .•
given i> <'mirt Beal Rock for tho benefit
of the widow of Junior i'ast Chief Ranger
■ ■ i creditable af
■ :• d.
After the election of the officers of Court
Bonlta No. 4.1 the following named— L. J.
Gannon. H. M Oee, John Lynch. Joseph
Dove .nil Phillip Dugan— were appointed
a committee to arrange for a high jinks
for the members and their friends to bo
given on the night of the Btfa of January,
when the new officers will be Installed
The officers of Court Robin Hood will be
installed on the night of the lirst meeting
In January.
Companions Forest of America.
On the night of the I2th inst. Mrs. Flora
Jacobs, grand chief companion, visited of
ficially Marguerite Circle In Woodland, on
the 14ih she went to Orange Blossom Cir
cle at Oroville and on the lath she was
with Yuba Circle In Marysville. She found
these three circles? In a prosperous condi
tion ami the membership enthusiastic In
the work of the order. The attendance at
eachrwaa good and the reception at every
meeting was most cordial. The visits
proved bent-tidal tv the members, for they
became apprised of much thai was <■! in
terest to num. Un the afternoon of the
13th the grand chief companion was the
gut-sl of the chief companion of Margue
rite -Circle at Woodland at a dinner got
up in her honor. The entire membership
attended and a most enjoyable afternoon
was passed. During the dinner the .m
nouncement was made that the circle had
reetlved three applications.
The official visit of ii..- grand chief com
panion to American Circle in Petaluma
has been postponed from January 12 to
the 15th. The next olliclal visit will be to
Mizpah Circle in the l'otrero on the 9th
of January.
The death of Mrs. Bassett, past chief
companion of I- v.il Circle of Oakland.
Is announced. The deceased lady was a
true companion, and her toss will be
deeply felt by all who knew her.
Order of Americus.
At the last held meeting of Ban Fran
cisco Chapter No. 14 of the Order of
Americus, the oflleers who are. to serve
for the next term, a list of which has
appeared under the head of fraternal elec
tions, were chosen. Then there was the
formal announcement of the death of
Rev. Alexander N. Carson, an honorary
member of the council. Charles J. King.
the secretary, paid an eloquent tribute to
the worth of the deceased member, after
which Messrs. King, Danziger and Stack
were appointed a committee to draft suit
able resolutions to his memory.
Manager Van AJen is preparing to or
ganize a ladies' council <•! the order In
this city and be reports that be has al
ready secured a large number of names
to a. petition for a charter.
Daughters of St. George.
Britannia Lodge No. 7 of the Daughters
of St. George will give a snowball party,
entertainment and dance on the night of
the- last Wednesday In January next. In
Its hall In the I'ythian Castle. The fol
lowing named ladles ar<> arranging for th«
event: Mesdarnes c;. Muhin r, a. £. Cr ba,
R. Meadow -. J. G. Davis, R. Hewitt,
Langlands, I.lddicott and Phebe Williams.
Woodmen of the World.
At a recent session of Redwood Camp
of tin Woodmen of the World four
strangers were admitted to the camp by
Initiation and at the meeting last Thurs
day three more were admitted Th»» oUl
cers of this camp ho were chosen for
the ensuing term will be installed on the
lllh of January.
ilornlng— "The rrlnre of Pear*." Evening:
—"The Fifth Commandment."
|
Mornlnß— Special music and sermon. Even-
I ing — Same.
Mi-minc— Chrisimns programme of s«.nd and
S<rlj<ture; address on Hi* Star In the
Kant." Evening— VWbera li Our Hope for
tin- Peace Which the Angelic Host l'roplie
t-itd."
M'irninR — ">'«TKonnl Intr-Krlty and Public
Opinion."' Evening— "Thefts of Eccentrlc
lty."
Mornlnft— "The Qoapd of the Angels."
Kv.»ninu— The choir will render the can
tata, "J'rince of Peace."
Morning— '/ Now. when Jesus Was Bora."
EvrninK— S|»ecial nong service and addretss
on "The Meaning of the Manger."
Morning — Sermon and special music.
Morning— Music and sermon. Evening-
Same.
Morning— Rev. Fa«h«r Culllean. S. J., will
preach at the 10:i0 maitt. Evening — Ves
pers. "Xovena" devotions an.l benediction
of the Mont moaned Sacrament.
Mornlnp— Mars at 10:30 nnd sermon. Even
lac—Veapera and eerreono.
Morning— ltev. II H. Wyman will preach at
in* 11 o'clock ma Evening— Vespers and
sermon by ... Father Ma. Curry.
Morning— Special music and ecrmon by the
rector. Afternoon— Sam*.
Morning— music and sermon. .Even
ing—Sam*'.
Morning— Special music and sermon. Even
ing—Same.
Morning— Ohri.«tm»9 services. Evening-
Sermon by the pastor.
Morning — "The Hearer of the Advent Mm
sage." Evening— "ln the Day» of Herod,
the King-."'
Morning— "God's Willingness to God."
Evening— "Great Is Diana of the Epht
flans."
Morning— Special Christmas music and ser
mon by the pastor; subject. "The Wonder
ful Christ. Evening— Sermon by pastor,
, "The Powerful Unpopular Christ."
CHURCH MUSIC FOR CHRISTMAS
The following additional proprammes of
Christmas music were received by The
Call yesterday:
Gpiscopal.
GRACE— y
Christmas services will be held in Grace
Episcopal Church. Stockton and Califor
nia streets, this morning:
"Te Deum" (Holden); "Jubilate" <n »>:
offertory; Sunday morning. Kr»-utzpr-Hiick:
Hunday evening, full cathedral service at
7:45 o'clock, with sermon by the rector;
"Bonum Est" and "Benedle" (Warren); an
them, "When i Can Ilea.l My Title Cleur
«The<>. Voat); offertory, "It Came fpon ll -*
Widnlßht Clear"; benediction: hymn.
Christinas day service at 11 »• in -> w l tn
seiiuon by the rector. Opening anthem,
"Christ Is Risen" (Theo. VoKt): "Te ' '■ '"""
(Uniden); "Jubilate" (Reec); offertory:
barytone solo. ".Noel" (Adam), S. Homer
Henley.
The music at these services will be ren
dered by the usual choir of men (vented).
Theo. Vogt will preside at the organ in the
absence of W. Jl. Holt, who is vl.-ltinc in
the South for bis health. The members of
the choir are as follows: First tenors. Clar
ence T. Wendell, J. F. Veaco, Kmlle Har
mn»rilon; tccond tenors— Dr. Robert Smith.
Charles Goettinir, W. 11. Woolcocki Brat
baaai - 6 Horn. ; Henley, Cyril E. Holt H.
E. Foisey, T. Medley: >•■■■ »nd basso*—.
Charles l'arent Jr.. Robert Blair, E. T.
Hewitt, Qeon Fossey. Thoo. Vogt, tirjjan-
Ut and dirt-dor.
SAMARITAN MISSION—
A treat is in store for those who enjoy
Christi ■ Is. To-night the boys of
ritan Mission will rei d< r
a numii. r of the beautiful son^s. They
will be assisted by prominent singers. A
number of solos;, trios and choruses will
i.• rendered it the Palace at 7:4.-> p. m.,
and they will also visit the other prom
inent hotels. The following selections will
be n-i.'ii ■ ■
••", Coma All Tf KaJthful"; "Adestt Fida
• i. M.i ry del
men," (Old English); "Nasareth." (Qou
"Thoo DM
Thy Throne" (A. N ■ Mld
niKbl Ma*
«yell Sweet Lyttel Ctallde;" carol,
:.\:iiii. "O, L.'ule
T«»n v: Bethiebem."
CATHEDRAL MISSION—
Following is the |>ruKr;tmmo whii'h will
i at the Cathedral Mission
Good Samaritan to-morrow:
Processional hymn, "<>. Come All Ye
Faithful," (Kyrte ami Gloria); "Tihi."'
(Toui ' ■ ■ i (Best); Nim >n;
bymn, 'ii.irk rh« Herald Kagtlm," (Men
tri" 1 1 ianka) . anthem,
.ir.'ti" ii ;..iin."i>. "Doxoi ry": "Sor
ruin Corda" (T( ira); "Sanctus" 'Toui-i;
hymi . Qiorts told
• : "None DUnlttla" (Gounod); "l;- 1
lonal." "Shout th.- Ohid TiJtngs.
ST. PETERS—
Rev. W. If. Hour?, rrctor of St. Peter's
I pal Mission, will conduct services
this morning. Following is the pro-
Bramme:
Service* at 11 a. 8.-OHU voluntary pro
c*Kslonal "Ad*Kte FM-lfs." (Reading):
"Venlte." (Mendelssohn): "Qlorla I'attri,"
(Wllkins); "Te Deum Ijfiudamus" In F
.l>>k->. "BraedlctlM" In F. <\Vilklns);
Itrolt. "Hark! The Herald Angels Sing"
i Mendelssohn >; K> rle ' (Gounod); "Gloria
TiM," (TaJll?); polo and chorus, "Lovely
Appear." (Gounod); polo by Miss l»uis»
Nlokerson; the sermon; offertory solo,
"Noel," (Adam), .ii« by .Mr. WHklna;
on the rresentntlon of alms, Whitney;
■■Sur>um Curd.i" (Cambridge); "Hanctus"
(<ioun«x3); communion hymn (Wesley).
"Gloria In KxeelFis." old ■li.int; "Nunc
Dlmlttls." (Clemens); retroces^iona! hymn
No £1 (Dykes).
The above nraaies] ser\"ire will be- punc
by the regular vested choir of twenty-tive
voices— MiMi Mia M;ixwell oncanlst, J. Wes
ley Wllkins. choirmaster and director.
• —
Sioman Catholic.
ST. PETERS—
Special music has been arranged for to-
morrow's vices at St. James' Church,
Twenty-third and Guerrero streets. Miss
M. rcell will preside at the organ. Fol
lowing is the programme:
High mass at C a. m., and mass every
half hour after Up to 10; solemn high mass
at 10:30 a. m. : "Cemeroeav's Military Mass"
will be rendered by full choir. Soloists-
Mrs. K. Burns, soprano; Miss Alice Leahy,
contralto; H. 1... Dinan, F. Gifting, tenors;
B p. Leonard, M. W. Farrell, bassos; an
i<ißte.l by Ml.«s M. Malone, M. Maloney. K.
Downs, P. Cook. At the offertory "Noel"
will Im> sung by Mrs. E. Burns. Sermon L>y
the pastor. Rev. P. R. Lynch. Benediction
following Immediately after mass, l.sun
blllotte'a "Tantum Ergo" wil be sung by
the full choir.
ST. PAUL'S— "
Christmas services will be celebrated In
St. Paul's Church, Twenty-ninth and
Church streets, to-morrow:
III: ' mass at 5 o'clock, the music for
which will be Battmai "Mass In K." sung
by the younic men's ch"lr; member C.
Wllley. W. OlUosley, H. 'illlocley. T. Rat
tlsan. \\'. Maber. J. Buckley, J. Kane.
Masses at C. 7. I find :• o'clock. During
the«.« masses the v. ting Ladl< -' and Holy
Angel sodalities will sing Christmaa carols.
At 10:30 o'clork solemn hi»ch mass will be
celebrated. The choir, augmented for the
»n-raslon. will render Gloria's "First Mnss."
Sopmnos— Misses M. Reilly. U. MrKnlght,
E. Manning and S. Ritchie; altos— Ml -•- M.
F. • •'.-. E. Kreig, N. Dal] tenors— T. Va
lerga, C Wllley, W. t'.lllogley; bess, E.
Bourulzeau. Off»-rtory, "Noel," solo for con
tralto. Mis« M. Code; "Ad.vte Fideles" will
1- suns by the U>ys' «.ut [>li. •»■! choir. Or-
Kanist. Miss A. F. Qulnn Sermon by the
pastor, Rev. M. D. Connolly.
NETJSTRA SENORA—
The following musical programme will
be rendered by the choir of tho Church
of Kuestra Sen,ora de Ouadelupe to-mor
row : * ",
I/>w masses nt 7 o'clock and 9 o'clock;
solemn high mass at 10 o'clock. The choir,
under the direction of Suntiugo Arlllaga.
Grace M. E., corner Twenty-first and Capp
streets— Rev. J. N. Beard.
Richmond MI. Fourth avenue, between
Point Loboa avenue and Clement street—
Rev. a. E. ririch.
California Street M E., California and
Broderick streets— Rev. A. c. Bane.
Simpson Memorial, corner Hayes and Bu
chanan streets— Rev. John Stephens.
■
ri?-M II E. . Powell street, near Washing
ton—Rev. W. S. Urtny.
Potrero mi:. Tennessee street, near So
lano—Rev. S. M. Woodward.
Trinity M. E., corner Market. Sixteenth
and Noe streets— Rev. Theodore H. Wood
ward.
Epworth M. E.. corner Church and Twenty
sixth itreeti Rev. W. M. Wood worth.
Starr King African M. E.. £03 Stockton
street— Rev. T. Brown.
Stewart Memorial. 0 P. Guerrero street,
near Twenty-third— Rev. W. E. Dugan.
First United Presbyterian. Golden Gate
avenue and Polk street— Rev. H. H. 11-11.
Calvary Prrsbyw-rlnn. Powell and Geary
streets— Rev. John Hrmphlil.
Howard Presbyterian— Oalc and Baker
streets— Rev. J. B, Thomas.
Westminster Presbyterian, corner Page and
Webster streets— Rev. Eugene H. Avery.
First Unitarian. Franklin and Geary streets
—Rev. Dr. Btebbtas.
Second Unitarian. Twentieth and Capp
streets— Rev. H. J. Wells.
First Church of Christ Scientist, Central
block. 223 Sutter M— Bible and Sci
ence and Health. With Key to the Scrip
tures.
T. M. C. a. Auditorium. Mason and Ellis
streets— H. J. McCoy. Secretary.
Theosophlcal Society, corner Seventh and
Market streets.
will render the following programme:
Ilaydn'a "Third Mast*"; offertory. "Noel"
(Adam*). F. Loaiza, with violin accom
paniment by Senor Mojlca: "Vlllane.o," No.
2. by Arlllußa. with the following soloists:
Mm. B. Camareno, Miss A. Acosta, Mrs. S.
Arillaßa and Mi«« X. O'ltourke. The fol
lowing named will also assist: Sopranos,
Mrs. B. Camareno, Miss a Acosta, Mis» J.
Perez. Miss A. Buckler. Miss L. Fltzpat
rick; altos. Mrs. 8. Arlllnga. Mlxs N.
O'Rourke. Miss M. Hartman. Miss K. Ca
vazos. Mi" 11. Andrade; tenors, K. Loaiza.
J. C. Jackwith, Clarence Craig. Tomaso
Krlvlo; baSSOS, L. Lecowona. Oreeley C.
I-'ul'l, Arturo TaoeiD, Aueuato Graml; or
eunlst, Miss Elena ArlllaK-i.
CORPUS CHRISTI—
A Christmas entertainment for the ben
efit of the children of Corpus Christl Sun
day-school will be held in Corpus Chrlsti
Hall. Cv Croke street, to-day at 2 p. m.
Following la the programme:
Overture, piano selection; Introductory re
marks. ReV Father Plperni; "Young Amer
ica's Welcome." girls of Sunday-school; vo
cal solo. "The Children's Hymn." Mrs.
Baron Kell vocal solo. "Holy Night."
Joseph Broyer: piano duet. "Jolly Black
smith."- Herman and Joseph Broyer: vocal
SOIO, selected. Miss Rose Brodrripk: doll
drill, children of Sunday-school; vocal solo.
"Salve . fins," Signorlna Zelma Polettlnl;
recitation. "Somebody' i Mother." Master
Willie I.iennon; piano duet, "Sequidllla,"
Misses Cezzera and Louise Cereghlno; vocal
solo, selected. It. F. Bonlno; coon »|>eclalty.
Master Sorln Kemps; vocal solo, neii-cted.
Professor I>aniele; piano solo. "Chariot
Ilace," Miss Lizzie Ferrea; vocal solo, aria
"La Oloconda." Signorlna ZHma Poletttnl;
drawing for earrings. "A Christmas Eve
Adventure" (drama)- BantaClaus, llr. Santa,
Clans; Mr Santa Claus. Mrs. Anon; Mr.
Bern Joseph O'Brien; Mrs. H"ntl<'y, Miss
A. Isola; Harry Bentley, L. CV Broyer: Nellie
Bentley. Mary Moonoy; fairies — Irene Cor-,
dano. Hose Ulgnottl anil C. Cavaj;naro. C<os
ids- nrldreps. Marie Blcnottt; "Adeste Fide
les." choir; distribution of prizes. Master of
monies, J. Ctreghlno.
ST. JOHN'S—
Services will be held In St. John's (old
St. Mary's) Church to-morrow. Solemn
high mass will be sung at 6 o'clock. The
following music will bo rendered:
Concan«*'s "Mass In F" will be sung by
the members of the sodality. At 10:30 there
Will be a solemn high mass. Leonard's
"Mast in E flat" will be rendered with No
vello'l "Adeate FldeW." Sopranos— Mlyi
Mar)' Bcnmltx, Mlsa Julia White, Miks Kale
K.I. altos— Th«-r>Fa Meofher, Mlks
May Kenney; tenors— Tom Brady, rank
Meaiiher; bassos — I). C. Sheeriri, John
O'Brien. Orifanlat, Miss Kati; Supple.
FIRST PRESBYTERIAN—
Rev. Robert Mackenzie of the First
Presbyterian Church, corner of Van Ness
avenue and Sacramento street, will con
duct services In that church this morn
lnK and evening: Following is the pro
gramme:
Morning service — Orcan prelude (Bach);
doxologj;; invocation; chant by the choir,
"When Marshaled on the Nightly Plain";
Scripture reading. Old Testament; hymn
No. iaiZ, ••Mark! The Herald Angels Sing":
solo, ■<) Thou That TelleM Good Tidings to
Z.:on." from "Th« Messiah" I Handel) Miss
liecker; prayer; hymn No. 239. "All Hall
the Power of Jesus' Name"; offertory. "The
Universal King" (Marso), Mr. Mcßride;
F-rmon. by the pastor; anthem. "Hark!
What Mean Those Holy Voices?" (Elliot);
benediction; organ poctlud* <Kleis?ner>.
Evening praise service— Orican prelude
from "The M- -■ ; -Hi" (Handel); anthem.
"Anil There Were Shepherds" (Foote); the
Lord's Prayer; hymn No. 274. "Joy to the
World, the Lord Hi Come": Scripture
n-adlng; solo, "Comfort Ye My People,"
from 'The Messiah" (Handel), : - Graham;
prayer; hymn No. 237. "Hark! Ten Thou
sand Harps and Voices"; organ solo, "Pas
torale.V from "The Messiah*' (Handel): of
fertory, "I Know That My Redeemer L4v
eth." from "The Messiah" (Handel). Mrs.
RISK>: address, by the pastor; anthem,
"Hall, the King!" (Bartlett); benediction;
orsan pustlude, "Hallelujah Chorus," from
— Th( Messiah' 1 (Handel).
Choir— Mrs. I>on Pardee "Rlggs. soprano;
Miss ("eiia a. Uecker, contralto; Dr. i;.!!*rt
V. Graham, tfiitir; Ge>jrge B. Me Ide,
basso; Otto Flelssnor, otganist and choris
ter. /
97//sca//aneoi/s.
EVANGELICAL EMANUEL—
Th>- Christina* service* at the Evan
pf;ir;il ESmanuel Charch, Twelfth
neiir Market, will bt sis follow
Reading m, "The Pirth of
Christ": prayer; hymn, by the eonci
tit.n; Olory to 0
The
I'rir. : hymn. "Moal Beautiful
i ring !n the Eaet"; prayer:
offerti iry: !
' th<» Bun
•h h moat Interesting .-in.l appro
p. in., in the
church. _
TTfcthodist Episcopal.
BETHEL A. M. E.—
Tlio following music will be rendered at
the Bethel African Methodist Episcopal
Church this morning:
Voluntary (A. Hesse); "Joy to the World"
(Handel); Invocation; "Song of My Soul"
(Ogden); responsive reading; duet, "The
Gospel Message" (Conge); soprano, Miss
Mario Wllkerson: tenor. H. Wllkerson: ser
mon by pastor, subject. "The Visit of the
Wise Men to Christ"— Matt. 11:11; "Praise
Ye the Lnrd" (Mam); sopranos— Miss 1..
Gardener. Miss Freeman. Miss Wllkerson,
Miss Turner: altos Mrs. Martin, Mrs. Lord,
tenor. Mr. Wllkerson: bass, Mr. Lord; or
ganist. Mrs. J. H. Fisher.
STARR KING A. M. E.—
The Christmas musical programme of
the Starr Kins; African Methodist Episco
pal Church, feUj Stockton street, is as fol
lows:
Christmas programme— Address by the
superintendent; selection by the school;
recitation, Ada Harris; recitation. Viola
Thomas; song, Charlie Lundy: recitation.
Ophelia Knox; solo and ■ horns, l>y the
school: recitation. Etta Mahoney; selection.
Morning— "Christ Our King." Evening—
Christmas music.
Morning— "He Came Unto His Own and Ilia
Own Received Him Not." Evening— "Not
Ashamed of the Gospel."
Morning— Rev. W. W. Case, presiding elder,
will preach. Evening— "Reasons for Be
coming a Christian."
Morning— "Earth's Echoes of the Angel's
Song." Evening— service entitled
"The Message of the Bells" will be ren
dered by the school, supported by the
choir.
Morning— Special Christmas music. Even
ing—Music and sermon.
Morning— Special Christmas music. Evening
—Same.
Christmas sermon. Evening—
Christina* music.
Morning— "The Importance of the Incarna
tion " Evening— The ■ pastor will answer
a number of theological questions.
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening—
Rev. Dr. Voonanger will speak on the
"Bight of Education."
Morning— "A Star of Hope." Evening—Pre
lude, "The Bond Election."
Morning— "What We Owe" or "The Tithe."
Evening— "The Advent Song"; Christmas
sermon.
Morning— Special music and sermon. Even-
Ing— "God's Christmas Gift to Us and
Ours to God."'
Morning— "My Creed." Evening— Special
music and sermon. r/V V
Morning— "Christ for the World." Evening
—"The Young Man Who Would Not. But
Did."
Morning— Special music and eermon by Rev.
Dr. Stebblns.
Morning— "Kindness and the Spirit of
Chrlatmass." Evening— No service.
Morning— "Christian Science." All are wel
come.
Afternoon— Rev. Dr. Selby of Australia will
lecture on "Has Man a Soul?"
Evening— W. J. Walters will talk on
"Christmas and the Christ."
by the Mftool: rotation. Mi«s Myra 81m
xnnnsi: du^t. i( ;;4r ||^ an j j,,.. 1,ur..1y; w\
tatw.n. Alice Campbtll; MlceUoß, bf ttaa
■en •■!: Mia and cboroa, by the school; short
aodraM, ..stor.
CENTRAL M. E.—
The Chri vrties of the Central
Ifetbodlst Episcopal Bnnday«acbool takf
' ' in h. Mi-.-i.»n street, be
tween Six- £ mh, on Tu<
♦ vtrilnp. 1 .1. w. Krwln.
president of the California Camera
win deliver t |< ctnre on "Child]
i^-.ilm. :uid Illustrate the 1 iroe by about
on.> Inin.lr-J md fifty bi Dutiful st(
con vi. ws of child li:. ' ;>i'ropriato
Christmas pl< tur. < • -ill be thrown <<n th<>
Kcellent Chrtst
::msic and other suitable 1
Park Music To-i)ay.
The Golden Gate Park Rand will render the
following proßramme tv-day at the park, com
mencing at 2 p. m.:
Comedy overture Keler B*la
Popular melodies. "Around Town" Ileyer
Ballet from "The Templars" Lltolft
Selection from the celebrated •"Ilarber of
Seville" P.osslnl
Comic Tattoo Falirba.-h
"Fackeltanz" No. 3 Meyerbeer
Intermezzo from "Pagllaccl" (by request)
1., in .i%all >
Scenes from the opera ■ Bohemians"....]
Dtaerlptlve, "A Musician Astray in the
Forest" Herman
March, "The Roll of Honor" Doume
SACRED HEART STUDENTS
RECEIVED TESTIMONIALS
OAKLAND. Doc. 23.— The boys of the
Sacred Heart School received testimonials
for scholarship yesterday afternoon. In
addition each was presented with ■ suit
able remembrance. B] lal mention was
made of the following:
Eighth grade— Michael J. Bohaw,
William D. Harney, Patrick O. Young.
M. Henry Weber, J. J. Young. Kmm«?t
J. Fltxpatrick and Francis H. Courant.
Seventh grade— John J. Barbagelata,
Reginald Guichard. John K. Cunnaw,
William Smith. Arthur J. Stoke*.
Sixth 1a • grail* Francis Iligncy,
■\Vllliara C'aza2za, John Halm and .1. J.
Smith.
Sixth (Hi grado— Thomas Sullivan,
Ambrose Carpenter, Edward Bheahan,
Virgil l iorgan. Robert Bonan, FreJ
Dovlncenzi, Lawrence Fitzpatrlck, An
thony Muzio.- Neivi'.e Carpenter.
Fifth grade— Edward Ward. Jere
miah Daly, Herbert Roche, Neuman
Mclntyrc. James Murphy, Charles
Clarke. Charles Kearns.
Fourth grade— Charles Marshall,
Charles Conroy.
Third grade— Harold Chnpman, Da
vid Leach. William Marshall, Nicholas
Milcovich. John Boran, Francis Webtr,
Cyril Cotter.
Second grade — Oeorgo Millet. John
Hooley. Thomas Murphy, Harry Estu
dillo, Richard Cotter.
FIRE THREATENS RARE
UNIVERSITY COLLECTIONS
Crossed Electric Wires Start a Blaze
in the Botanical Build
ing.
BERKELEY, Dec. 2.:.- Firv broken otit in
tho botanical boildins <>f th^ UnlTenrity
of California :it 1 <>■;•>< thi-; afternoon
and threatened for ■ time t.» demolish tin*
■tructure. The only people In tlut
building at thr time r W.
I. J< ; r A. < '. Lawson and
the Janitor, 'n • .iticky i
but 11 wu only afl work
they managed I the flames.
The fire wag In between the walla
hard to reach until it iia<i gained
siderable headway. The ho«e b.Mun»;tn<
building was used with good •
a iar^'.- quantity <>^ valuable botanical
specimens were stored near i»> . but for
tunately all escaped Injury. Consld<
damage was done to !!..■ building, how
ever. Appearances Indicate that ci
electric wires ••titoririK the buiMlriK from
the front were ih<- cause >if the blaze.
Death Came Suddenly.
AT.AMKI' \. 1 Stodman.
•.; years, died suddenly last averting
about " o'clock al his residence, on I'ark
avenu. !
from which be suffered an attack about
six months ag~o. Since then i
g excellent health.
terdarj he paid ■ visit to hN dairy
ranch, returning h»mf In the •■• •
He «;us suddenly taken ill while sitting
at the dinner table. Getting up he m
tn the bedroom He said lie was tired
and desiri d to li.^ d.own. Mrs Btedman
followed him to his room. His lie., »
ply touched the pillow before h«
sank into unconsciousness!. I >r Reynold*
immoned, but when lie arrived
had already claimed Its victim.
iiorn m Richford, Tioga
County, New Y.. r k. April n. UN He
allfornla In U74, and sin<
has been a resident of Mr.
Stedman wi n ol the Kir.- 1
gTegatlonal Church, from which the fu
ner.ii services win be held to-n -
morning al II o'clock. lie leai
widow and an only daught
Stedman. Hi-s brother, John Btedman.
and a cousin. Airs. a. Hungerford of
illto, ar>.- thu only other n I
California.
Bicycle Race Entries.
OAKLAND. I sr en
ir:-> have been received for the bicycle
ra< c on December :
Hoy Hu: H Mclntyi i !. 1,.
Tlou^h. Howard Metralf, ■■• »rg< i:
Jam< Glass. O. R. NI ;
mian Man. K. Ream. I. P
a. Belby. W. Belby. Oeors;i Palle
Cramer, w. E. Sreen, C i- Brown, v M.
V • W. ;. Ham ird, I. Bron n. H Da-
N. Lake, F. Bateman. C. I»orm;m
•\ Berg, B. w. McCoy, W. Lyon, W B
Dell, J. Jackson, *'. Boyer i>.ik.- Brldjre
v\'. I runcan, A Miles, Bid
William Vtnty. J. Maddern, W. Warm'
Al Audlffn •!. 1 1. Dane, 9
Cotton, EL Jackson, A. i
Btephei s. }■' Lyons, A B a. <
Smith, vVilllam Ferris, O. McCoon, E,.
I'olk and J. White.
The ra c will be on San T'al.lo avenue
and Is in charpe of I^avitt & Rill. As
a preliminary there will t»e a match ta 8
betwe- D . ; :'l Mott and W, Si:
Theaters in Oakland.
OAKLAND. P« r 2.7 .— Th« r.r-ator Am»r
iran Company win appear al
donotfgh Theater <"MriPtm;is afternoon and
evening In an entirely new a nu nor<
tertalnment.
At the Dewey Theater "All Baba; or.
The Forty Thieves"' will be produced, and
the management has spared nothing in
the way of costuming and effects.
« ♦ ■
Nuns Who WorK at the Forge in
Cape Town.
In South Afrlra is a band of nuns who
not only pass their lives in relfKiou.i devo
tion, but havo ndoptrd the role of new
women In ■ strani?o character. F..1..-- r to
sow the seeds of religion In South Africa,
they turned their backs on the time-hon
ored convents of Europe and established
themselves under the name of the Sisters
of St. Dominic near King Williams Town,
Cape Colony.
Hut In the new country where the nuns
set up their habitation the Boer neighbor*
looked upon their work with suspicion &nd
resentment, and even the English lookod
with disfavor upon the convent. The con
sequence was that the sisters bought an
extensive farm, and finding that farm la
borers were scarce In a land where most
of the digging was for gold and diamonds,
solely as a means of self-support the nuns
put their hands to th* plow. Bui accident*)
will happen, even In a convent, and In
time the plowshare became broken.
There being no blacksmith In that re
gion, the nuns sent to Cape Town and got
the materials to build and the tools und
implements to supply a smithy. A blacK
smlth as a tutor was found, and the nuns
learned how to become blacksmiths. They
have thus far proved not only their equal
ity with man. but their superiority to him.
for when the blacksmith, disregarding his
religious environment, went on a pro
longed spree the nuns speedily forced him
out of the settlement and determined
henceforth to do all their own work.
But the nuns went even further. They
found that blacksmlthlng among the Boer
and English residents was profitable
work, and they built a smithy, with a
brick forge, a strong, capacious bellows
of oxhide and all the customary parapher
nalia incidental to the vocation of the vo
taries of Vulcan, and established them
selves as a convent of female black
smiths. . ; N
The feminine blacksmiths of the Domin
lean convent are experts. The presence
of th.- hammer-swinging nuns seems to
exercise a sort of fascination over the rest
of the neighborhood, for they •rill go out
of their way In their dally tasks to gazo
at the hard-working sisters of tho smithy.
At close range the most striking effect
in the appearar • of a sister of Rt. Dom
inic, as seen In South Africa. Is h*r rosn-,
tanned face, so different from the- blood
less, white complexion of the nun under
ordinary conditions.— Chicago Tlmes-licr
aid.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND lIOTEU 1
J D Smith. Danrllle A Knuh. Cincinnati
X I. Webber, Nana |A V Wilbur. Stockton
I 1I 1 V Donahue A w.Cal J F Howell. San Jos*
S liooth. I »i«nvl!l.» ! V. V Parker .v w L. A
C Itooth. I Mnviii.- ;1( StaUr, Sant* hosa
X M Turner. Martinez W \". Thatcher, HopM
II G Fencuson. Cal l>r W II ; >.-.<. \.~. Cal
A o Itaycroft. Carton ! XV II Smith Watsonv
J A MUhavarra, N.it \ Mm O I* Colburn & •
D McKay. Sacramento! Storkton
J C Frencks, Hradford ! Mm M X <*tty Ach
J Oiwn, Court land San Jose
Mr- ML. Durbln. Cat Mr* A Skeltr. Pan Jon*
A S Nml, Kedwnod II C M«y.-r * w. Chla
J McMahony. Oakland C XV raid*. Cariboo
T II Crawford *. w. Or X \V IVttysrew c w
C >I Cruwford A w, or! Seat M*.
J C Steel. Carrvllle II II Hurl- Portland
X XV Sanderson. Da wsn 'Mr Pantzen.Orays Hbr
X M Steem<r. Oakland ,ll Muller, Qulncy
J X llnn«nn. Negate! I V W Itohlnsrn. Cat
J C Iv>rmer, Tacoma IK Rutherford Toronto
L. Wls*hart. Stanford;!* II 8 Hill. S»artlo
Nettle Hendry. Eureka J M Walker. Sta !•,>!■«
II Dlmmick. Vail. iA r, Pa*e. Stanford
F A Co*. San Jo** J W Miller. Stanford
\\ A With. Fresno |F Fry. Stanford
A O Elsen. Fresno Mr« IVck. Sta Harbnra
J S Phil • T * w. T-T It II I,yman. I'.-rtlond
J J ••unninsham * w, IW llauman. Denver
Vall-J.. J \\ n Mont«nm«-ry.r a i
R X Worthincton. Wls A W Carrnll.Lnn* Pin*
Miss GrlHWold, H Jr.«* ,XV II \vi;!ii:v.. Phlla
M Ounrk*! ft w. Chic J TJ rummlnr». I'tttJin,!
Mrs C I* Colburn. 'Jhlc I» C Mrln.nali!. Kur»k*
Mrs M Dunbar. Cal IW II Murihy. P Alto
Ml."* l>unbnr. Cal il» 1! McKay. Sartf»
C J Schlnd.'lt>aii<-r. Wls C I" Rnm-crnns. S Jom
" Hulow. Itrddinff , U Fru-ler. San Jniu.
Pr .1 T Jon—, <i Valley, L X Hunt. Herkrler
C II Overacker Nllps |\V A fatchell. !:• ■-• ->r
Mrs N I dc la Itora. jj Taylor. IVrkeley
Hanford | h Tnvi ir . B*rk»!ty
E J Harkett. N TofTciMrs riirtln. Oaktsnd
I' Hammond. N York! Mm II Curtis, Oakland
J Mason. New Tork Irdlfh Curtis. Oakla.n.l
PALACE HOTCL.
MlXii M Mnd.«ay. N V IA O Dunn. ? Tf»
Mlm i: C Mn<l.«ar. N V It D Meyer. Stanford
Mrs CL. Davlii. N V \V S Martin. «*al
T H Kook. NY J n I-inkemhlm. Cal
1> a Stet«on. IJoston II T Ktanley. S R.afaet
1 Ede*hrimer. NY F XV S«chafer, Ft I>iul»
M J Malonoy. Mo Mrs S M Bradbury,
\V XV Chapln. Kacto I^os Antcele*
I' II runam. Cal Mlsn Uradhury. 1» An«
T XV .%>«!■. notion I. r.rafllmry. L An«
It (i Ilrnwn, Cal J X Uourke. «"hso
Mm It G Urown. Cat M Murray. Loulsvtll*
It F lUttan. Antlorh F II l!uck. VacavlU*
W XV M •■arthv. Cal A »■ Urayford. Ouklnd
Mm W W McCarthy. ,J W Spark.o. Reno
Cal Mm II L. t>re»»lln*er,
A Dirk, n C San Jos*
IV II Wvman. Montreal M A Strmise. <^Xt
II liarth. Hosebunr J I. Daub*. Chro
Mm li Harth. Rosebrjc'J XV Alston. San Jrint
I! J McOlnnls. Pftalum A X Whltton. S Jon*
\V J Martin. Oal |a C Kuhn. flan Josa
J J Laventhal. 1^ Ans It Th. ma.-- N V
IV" II McLormont. '"a: r i. Clark. Plttsnuric
I D Davidson. Fresno XV J Walsh. N V
Mr- <; I>iomls. Menlo P s <; .-twin. N T
I 1I 1 E Radrllff*. v H N P II Remlllard. Cal
! A Fullerton. Vancouv C, F Newcomb. i -Hi
Mrs I E Eddy. Minn ili Am«, Oakland
NEW WESTERN HOT
I P Rodirem. Wash F E Wilson. Sacta
Miss A Myers, Sn Jn*c F Swart. Indiana
J E Moor* & w. Seattle ill E Garvtn. N V
'■ A I'faller. Mo«lpsto J J Connolly, Valle'o
I" Kellenherc. Fresno U" J Stewart. Orovtll*
C Jones it w. A!an.<-!a F T. Ilatley. Iyy, An<
J It Pice. Missouri C Wll»on. Uktah
I C J Hrayton. Cal W i: Carpenter. Cal
<• Ellnskl. New York A XV Plumb Tarojr*
II II K<"-I<»r. Bn I-t--tf. V Brown 4 w Valleja
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
V Pteamers leave Broadway
I wharf, t-an Francisco:
WSJigNk For Alaskan p<>rta, 10 a. m .
BFv%*fesßs, I>#c - '"• ■-• -"• J<in - '• ihir — ''
Ll^S^Ka *o ri ' lr -»' :in > 9 steamers at
'■CMLZ^^&t Tor Victoria. Vancouver
r^^S.'S^A <1- C.V Port TownsenJ. P«-
at tie, T.i -■: ..i Everett. Ana-
"** < rtea an.l Nr* ilcom
(Wash.). \1 a. m . D^c. 17.
*» 27 Jan. i »nd every flfth day thereafter;
change at Seattle to this company', steamer*
for Alaska and O. VS. Ky.l> «J a .<?>™* t0 * P -
IVy i.-it Vancouver t.. C. P. Railway.
Fcj Eureka (Humboldt Bay>. 2 p. m.. De<r 15.
TO "1 so Jan. 4. and every flfth day thereafter.
For Panta Cruz. Monterey. San S.meon Cayu-
co,° Port Harfonl Pan Lj.t. Obl.poK Oav|»ta.
Panta Harh«ra. Ventura. Hueneme Hjin Ih edro
East San Pedro <L«'» Angeles* and Newport. 9
am.. I**. ». "■ X- M. 30. Jan. 3, and every
fourth day thereafter. only at Pnr-
For Pan Diego, stopplnc only at Port Har-
fnnl <J=an Luis Ohlspr.). Santa P^rbara. Port
Lob Angeles and Re<londo tLos Ancelen) 11 a.
in^ Dec 1«. 20. 24. >. Jan. 1. and every fourth
'• dB For EM ft enaTia. Macdalena Bay. Pan Jo*. del
Cnbo. Mazatlan. Altata. LaPaz. Santa Ro«an»
and Ouaymas (Mcx). 10 a. m.. .th of each
For further Information obtain company*
"The' company reserve* the right to chang*
without pr»vloui« i *' ■■» steamers, railing date*
/•ml h< or* of «»'ltrr
TI CKKT orriOß— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
COODALU IT!:' fNS * CO r,en Art* .
• M.irk- •' Pan Fr«n I
TOE 0. R. & N. CO.
' DISPATCH FAST BTEAMEH3 TO
PORTLAND
From Fp^ir-street Wharf at 19 a. m.
CADC «'2 Flrat Claaa IncliMlnr BertH
rAnt $H Second Class and Meala.
State of California. ...Balls Dec. 4. 14. 24. Jan. S
Columbia Sails Dec. 9. 1». 23. Jan. 1
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Bu:t».
Helena and to all points In th« Northwtst.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C WARD. General Agent.
(30 Market aC
GOODALL. PERKINS ft CO..
Superintendent*.
AMERICAN LINE.
FT W TORX. SOUTHAMPTON. LOHDOS. PA3I\
Ptopplng at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. Ham.
fit. Paul Dec. 27|St. Paul Jam 11
New York Jan. 1 New York Jan. 24
St. Loul* Jan. 10 St. Louis Jaa. II
RED STAR LINE.
New York an 1 Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Pouthwark Dec. 2<i|Noord!nnd Jan 13
Westernland ...Dec. 27 Aragonia Jan 11
Kensington Jan. 3 Fr1»«l»nd Jan. 24
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and)
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
SO Montgomery at., or any of Its agencies.
TOYOKISEN KAISfIA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
"^ ncr of First and Llrannan streets. 1 p. in.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hcngkong with steamer* for
India, etc. No cargo received on board oa day
of calling.
AMERICA MART' Thursday. Dee. 21
HONGKONG MARU Tuesday. Jan. It
NIPPON MARC Friday. Feb. •
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freltrht and pasnaice apply at company's offlca,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
fQSIBI Ml 01 aB - Maripesa aalis
JcVslnl.L Tllk Honolulu an<t
fPKiM* Auckland for Sydney
M . We<ln»sday. Dec 27.
oyrN «t | p. m .
cMisnipj 5S. 11 ! s for Honolulu
v - .. r ' 9CO - «t 2p. m.
Favorl'e Line Round th» World, via Hawaii
Samoa, New Zealand. Australia. India. Sueil
England, etc.: JflO first class.
i. 0. »i*4£CKtLS& CiloxtO.. M gti., lUUontoomtn
Pier 7. Foot Pacific 5L Freijht OSlce.327 MsAsTsZ
.
COJIPAOSIE OENSRALB TRANBATLI.ITIQCI
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -^^
>.ullng every Thursday Instead of <Tgf%\
Saturday, from November I 1833 « t ■*-»•»»««»»
10 a. m.. from Pier 42 North River, foot o£
Morton st. LA lIIIETAGNE Dec. 2S- LA
NORMANDIE. Jan. 4: LA CHAMP AONB.
Jan w U: LA AQUITAINE. Jan. IS. Flm clas,
to Havre. %M and upward: 6 p«r cent reduction
ion round trip. Second class to Havre Ui- S
; per cent re.' • - , in ,. , r!p CFNFIiAr
IS£ MTKF. KTVTKS AND CAN^
ADA, T. Roadway (R«daon bull.im*:.
■ York. J r FUOAZI U (T>. Pacific coaat
; Agents. - 1 Montgomery nve.. Su.n Francisco!
r— .
BAY AND BIVXB STEAMEIUI
• FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monttccllo."
daya. 1 p. m . Md S:M B . Jnday , 1O jf "'•_:":COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Exchange and Silver stand unchanged.
London stocks strong and consols higher.
Sugar stocks firmer on the local market.
Bank clearings slunv the usual weekly gain.
Wheat market of a holiday character everywhere.
Barley lower, flat and neglected.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Potatoes and Vegetables quiet.
Egg* a fraction higher. Butter and Cheese unchanged.
Turkeys rather quiet, owing to the higher prices.
Came firm with moderate receipts.
Fruits dull, owing to the cold weather.
Dried Fruits dull at previous quotations.
Hides and Leather weaker in the East.
Meat market unchanged.
Charters.
Th» O. W. Watson loads lumber on Ihl
S<mnd for Honolulu.
Bank Clearings.
UwaJ bank clearings lut ws*k were J17.90r..-
P"T. against 1U.b93.2KS for the iamt week last
ytiir.
Exports of I Vine.
Exports of Wine from this port by pea dur
ing the first eleven months of KSJ were 3.3 G.".
. (-.:::.» sjid C 649 case*, valued at JI.V4 *'.4
acalr.H 4.510.430 gallons and SM6 cases at
Jl.Cl.tCs during the mrr.e time In IV?S.
Weather Report.
*12"» th Meridian -Parifle Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO. December 2J. ISSJ— S p. m.
Th« following are the wa^-insJ ralnfalM to
date o» compared with those of samo ciatj
la.«t sea*un and rainfalls in ls>t Iwentjr-foap
buurs:
L*j>t This Last
Ptatlons— t* hours. »eai=on. season.
Eur<»ka o.<K> J5.25 10. CI
lied Hluff 0.00 S.TS 3. 53
Fa.rrarr.ento 0.00 i.ii I II
Fan Trancisco ». 0.00 t.67 3.*<
Frejsno 0.00 4.41 l.tt
Independence 0.00 i.€« 0.61
San Luis Ohlspo 0.00 >.3O 1 ft
I^>fi ■,•,-.•» 0.00 3.14 O.aj
han !'•> ■ 0.00 I.M I.<"S
Yum 0.00 o.f» I.U
Pan Vranclsco Jata— Maximum tenip-rature.
tl: minimum. 44; mean. 4R.
WKATHEit CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The area of hljh pressure ccntlnues over th •
H>-ky Mountain re«ion. There has l>*en a
fclipht fiUl in pressure durlnx the pant twenty
four hours alone the «ia*t of Nrmhern «'all
(ornia and Oirvsn. Conditions are ►uth that
a storm i . v arproach ru.pllly on the central
c"»*t cf California.
The tem:-erature hat remained nearly sta
tlonnry o\er the countr>- west of the IWky {
Mountain*, except jn the treat valleys of Call- I
li.«rnls, where probably owinic to the prwence i
of tule fbg, abnormally low temperatures pre
vail.
Itain is fallinr on the Washingrton coast,
southward to tlie mouth of the Columbia Hirer.
Forecast made at San FVanclsoo for thirty I
hours endlnf mldnleht, December 2-4. 1*!«:
Northern California— Cloudy Sunday: tule fog
In •■' <• valleys; light northerly changing to I
•^•utheaslerly winds.
Fout»iern California— Cloudy Sunday; north
erly chancing to easterly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Sunday.
I'tah- ■ -Cloudy Sunday; llcht rain or snow in I
£i>rtiiern i>ortlon.
Arli .na- rVlr Sunday.
ban n-anclsco and vlclnltr— Cloudy Sunday; '
unsettled at night: fre«h southeasterly winds. I
EASTERN MARKETS.
Nau York Stock Market.
NTW TouK. TVc. 13 — The flmt transactions
on the Stock Exchange holiday disclosed huw
c -i !. of yesterday's wcakneis must be attrlb
tjted to »•■ ill. c for short account. The r%vh to
cover Bhort contracts carried prices up without
•"♦■car". to fractions In the tpeclaltles. which
);. '. been the tnark of attack. Sugar. Metro
politan. Tobacco, Brooklyn Transit and !••• -
;•• - Gas- jumped from :-'~, to S ;■■;:. ik on op«a
lag sajea. The same buoyant tendency «•■
i". u:i In th« international list of railroad
stocks. London had lifted there, sharply before
the opening' here, but they bounded above the
1. : V :i parity to a level from 1 to 2 points
tibove last night's clc>*e here. The urgency of
V ■■ demand from the beara conttltuted a jnln
lature fanlc. Their short nclllng yesterday
was bu.h<-d on an assumption that the period leal
1 • i! i- : • :.i In the mines department of the Lon-
C<n St-xk Exchange, which began to-day.
•w- v! 1 ■.:■;■•-■ si weak a position there that a
I :.; : would be likely to result. On the con
trary, the earlltsl newt ,:r .m London fchow^U
that the riiifnt in London was prx>ceedlng
easily and In an orderly manner, sentiment
there being much encouraged by the shipments
i»f told from New York. Rumors at nnanclal
entanglement and forced liquidation pursued a
protalMDt figure In the flnaniial world all day
yesterday. To-day, on the contrary. It was
afilrmed that 11,'nw, 1 "^ In Bo\ernment bondH
hud I" • -:t I'laccJ as U'Mltlonal k-. aii;> for thlM
man of wealth, and that his dtlftcullie* were
ended. The ; ;.:•.--. :.*: traders ■ ■ •;:•■•! the
<iiie rumor with the »>am«; credence a« they had
the ether, and put 1:1 « llxely two hour* Irving
t buy utocks to, save themselvec from lok».
Jntertiretatlons of the bank etulement were de
cMe-lly confused and tiie market ran on on
realizing. It did not gel back to the top. but
hardened ;< -*•.. materially and eloped strong.
Tli* ca»h increase shown by the rlatemem of
tZ.t'iZ.'^iO, c*n* > om a Rurprlne, In \lew of the
c<<ld shipments and the drain to Uopton. It Is
4>:. evlUence of the !.! 11. n resuurceß brought
cut In such ■ crlHls as ttutt of the post week.
" '. r tteta of loa.ii» can hardly be an accurate
reflect Inn 'of "•" "*' result of the Oriinlc con
traction of the week. Tl.e imalliuts of the de-
Cfaw, I*,i"'4.' >:| i. must be due to the average
t- f.'r'i of oomputatlona. What happened in
Wall street this week had been a long time
brewing. Any one of half a dozen or more
causes rr.lr.ht b« cited, but any one of them
or all of them combined were more properly
tut the culmination of a long .. r.r» ot causes
m.lilch pneeded the event.
The whole may be summed up In the term
evt:r*p*culatlon. Among professional specula
turs there is a l-rooem ♦•»^r^•l>»'U».:> termed
•■Lijramldlng." Monty l» borrowed with which
to tuy on a margin, wtitit the advance Is reck
oned, v* t>roCt i«nd la Invented in more pur
chases. The prints thus reinvested he!p to a.l
vance the price and the paper proflis thus
mount up to enormous proportions. Cut the
demand which has thus advanct-d the prices
«as i purely fictitious one. The pyramid thus
tT'-ated Is itn Inverted «>iie and It luj'i'les over
when at attempt i« mad* to sell to real Ice. The
riijiiLallKU do not call their oi>eratlons "pyra
juldinc." but the 1 . .m^-i- :.t laflulon In values
of securities which went on for months had th»
earoe effect. It \ *>■ been long evident that any
large veiling to realize woulU depress the mar
ket and some weiiilhy ccuiblDatlons have per;
tutr-nly held their trtotks and ignored the «ymp
tußii of e<imlr.g ttrlncency In the money tr.nr-
I,' 1 with an obstinate optimum regarding the
;.  ,■•■»■•! ot the money sujiply which re
1 ..:> bave not y. >:.::■■<<. Caplt.*Uii<tß and baak
era who had underwritten the vecutitles of
:.;•:■>■ of the new :: Jll. l. :.i! flotations found 11.
ii...ii • t taken lrom them and prices of the ee
curtties in the ojx-n market dripplnc belnw the
underwriting price. With this burdensome load
to i:rutf-ct tte growing nrlntrency of tn .-i •-■
threw «.n avalanche of all clahws of oerurlttes
on the market tv bbtalu needed funds. It ■•. .is
such a rcallxlnc movement on a lame ncale that
It 1..'l long been t«jt:jrht to avoid, aa the market
was .t. no condition to stand It. Put boca
*tart'J. fc-nd the bears fully undcrstan«llng the
wcaknewe of the condition and rfTcrlnr pri«s.
«3'.*-ii with reckless boldness th>» fiibrlc becan to
crumble and »eenv»d to be tending toward ruin
r>n Monday, when the ammciated hanks of New
York, by concerted action, offered lin.ow.ouo in
loans and broke the money rate, which had
jumped to >4 per o«-nt a day, equivalent t" I>>«
\*r annum In the frantic bidding of hard
j !• .- ■■ d holders. Witb the raring of the money
rate the panic was checked ana the procredlnßs
reduced to some M>rt of order. The market,
however, continued fevrrUh 1. II through the
v • • k under conftant liquidation, which brought
j • 1 ■ <-» In many l::.|- j tur.t slocks lower than th.
Itiw jirtcc* of roency.
Comlnj In the more tn:ne<llaie causes of the
rj-eculative co*latise. it is evident that the du
ration «>! the Transvaal war and the ••in: —
«j:j. rit rttsatlon of the South African po!d »uji
jly was counted upon n-lth cunfldence to be I
much shorter than It Is now evident it win
fee. Loßdun f :-ei ulat-jiß bave persisted In rosy. 1
'-.ucd opinions and have bulled the market even
Intimations i: a military movement was
In prospect, making Urse inroads on the money
miply to cany »tocks. The British military
reverse* have ha.! a correspondingly acute ef
fect. The cons. ,ju«*nt difficulties have had a
world- wide effect, forcing up btorltntt exchange
and the money rates in Paris. Berlin ...
Jork. and taking *;o!d from all these enters
to meet the necessities of the annual seltle
mentc. The New York money market, bur
dened with «-xtr«"nllnary commitments on ac
count of the great Industrial combinations, has
been thus cut fn-in the expected replenishment
by cold ImjKJitr on account Of the continued
favonnc trade balance. Also the usual au
tumn reflux of money from the Interior to New
, Vrk after the crop-moving period has been
. entirely cusj*nded this year, owing to the
business activity all over the country. Still
• n..ther adverse facti.r wan the continued ab
sorption of funds by the I'nited Mates Trvai*
ury owlnß to the unexpectedly large revenues
w.nch have «>stutili»hed a running surplus. The
flraln has been particularly oppressive on New
York owing to the lame proportion both of
Hie custom and Internal revenue taxes which
are paid thr.uch New York l*artna--hauae
banks. The large capitalization and flota
tion of hopes and ; r -i».-i-t« whlcn
! capital were carrying were thus made
| m..re burdensome. Of the elements <.f dls
jro« of meh ho:>es and prospects which mul
tiply at periods cf difficulties and grow apiice
with what they feed on the public i« by this
iini<» informed by reason of tho wei>k's events.
The dltflrulty last week In Boston In suptnin
o • . . mj<rk<>t fnr copper mining sticks wa«
U» initiatory step. Very Innr* sums of mone«
tiad to b» token out of New York to that cen
ter nni the whisper* thus caused be^ot v spirit
of distrust. The suspension of one of the nu
merous new trust companies, which have been
! organized in New York In the pant yen-, caused
another mass of fears and posVlhllitles of
harm, which spread In a True pan!,- manner,
lhe week s events have sufficiently proved the
ronllty of some of the difficulties which were
apprehended. Hut it Is not to be dlsjjulae.l that
, bitttr animosities nnd competitions of • >wer-
Ml money force* and even s.>clnl enmltln have
placed a large part in the innum*rab.e cur
i rer.ti rnurrinr beneath the surface. Thus soino
: of the most powerful money interests in the
i country »re In conflict .»ver the control -if the
| public utilities m the Greater NVw > o r k. the
I ens war twine an Incident. Thetr maneuvers i
I and counter moves have nirred up th« market !
I like the gr»pple of Leviathan* In a pool of
j water. Again, the encroachments of the tru«t
I o-mpnnles on th.- tonkin* flMd |«i the las) •.«
months have arr.ustM criticism and reprobation
fr..m c.-.r.fllrtint Interests. There Is rvason to
believe thut there wan a willingness to utilize
I the week's events to exercise some minion
upon the trust companies to keep more strictly
»lthin their own field. It is reoognlred thu
the liquidation which hns been largely eff»< ted
durltic the week had become essential and th.it
the financial fabric ts on a much more n;h- |
stantial basis by reason of it. The conviction I
Is practlcnlly universal that the completion of
| the p.-» para t lons for tr.e annual settlement* will I
mnr the ju*slng of the crisis. Sentiment Is not I
s.> unanimous a* to whether ruch preparation
Is yet completed
Bonds have suffered In sympathy with st-vks. '
• but the deciim-s have not been so violent nor
the selllne »•■ larce.
United States old 4s advance*! a point, the S» :
V and the 2s. new 4s and r.s 4 In the bid price. ■
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shore* Closing
Hold. Stocks— Hid.
2. II". Atchlsnn IR«$
15. 473 Atchlson • refd STi,
S.ISj Italtlmor* & Ohio 491^
i". !!.;.■!;. i:> I'. t- '.!'.. bt\
300 Canada Southern 4S
5.010 Chesapeake & Ohio 2Sv;
2,410 Chicago Great \\>«l»rn 11V 4
13.4f1u Chicago 15urllnj;tiia ft Qulncy . US',
400 Chicago lml A Louts 14
Chicago Ir. 1 k l>'i;i» pr«fd <:;>,
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 82
ViO Chicago & Northwestern lij'j
4,«"/i0 Chicago Hock Island ft Pacific I»3\
2"0 C C C * S! Louis 67»i
47.'i Colorado Southern 4\
32i Colorado Southern Ist preM SS
Colorado Southern 2d pnefd 13*4
200 I>-l:iwure &. Hudson 112
1.4 C« Itelawar** • ■ wanna ft Western.. 17»4
4«j IH-nver & Hla Grande 16*«
I.IVU I»enver I Hlo Grande prefd <X\
Erie lO\
100 Erie Ist i refd 2*4
l,tflo Great Northern prefd ltoVs
lix) Hocking Coal 13
220 Hocking Vulley 90
»rt Illinois Central 107*;
1".» lowa Central 1 1 - %
suu lowa Central prefd 45
Kansas City PUtsburg A Gulf . 7*4
*-0 Lake Krle & Western 20
luO Lake Krlo & Western prefd ......... 78
Lake Shore 210
4.4<V> Louisville & Nashville 73« i
9.14-1 Manhattan I. m\±
4, 0 m Metropolitan Street Railway U6S
I.COO Mexican Central )\
l.Co<i Minn &• St Louis J6
2<;o Minn &• St Ixiuls prefd si
Z.ilu Missouri Pacific... zt\
100 Mobile & Ohio 37 i
2C> Missouri Kanxa* A- Texas ... 9
4,i'.iO Mi.-- v.l Kansas A- Texas prefd 30
4'o New Jersey Central 11l
4.M0 New York Central iitv.
1.210 Norfolk A. Western 21*.
4^o Norfolk & Western prefd 65
V" • Northern Pacific M*i
J.R f io Northern Pacific prefd 7i*- t
2.520 Ontario ■'•■■• 1014
Oregon Hallway .-. N'av 42
Ore« Hallway & Nay prefd 7J
1.03S Pennsylvania i»»4
I.W Reading \^
2,5«00 Reading Ist prefd 4;^
2io Reading Jd preM 34'
• Rio Grande Western Jj
2<X> Rio Orande Western prefd 75
200 St liouls & Baa Fran ... gT'
St Louis A Pan Fran Ist prefd 63
I.WO St Louis 4 Han Fran 24 prefd . 23^;
Si'O St Louts Southwestern jot'
1.0f.0 St Louis western prefd 22U
U.OB St Paul , ih
St Paul prefd us
St Paul & Omaha 117
2.2T.0 Southern laclflo 335;
2.100 Southern Railway jj
1.920 Southern Railway preffl 5154
1.000 Texas & Pacific jjv
1S.&00 Union Pacific 43
10.12J I'nlon Pacific prefd 711
100 Wobash ". 74
*i 0 Wabai>h prefd 20
2.450 Wheeling and I«ak« Erie gu
2.400 Wheeling & Lnke M i.refd JT'i
110 Wisconsin Central i;,^
Express Companies —
j Adams in
[ American 134
I'nlt'd States 41
Wells. l-'urRD t Co.'i us
Miscellaneous —
1,450 American Cotton 'Ml 3ji^
American Ct.tton Oil prefd VO
100 Anirrlc«n Multinjr gxj
XA American MaltltiK l»reM' . 28
*"" Anierlcjin Smelting A ■ -.»...!. 314
200 American Srreltlnc i H prefd a
Amerlcnn Spirit* 1
American Sp.nts prefd 17
300 American KJeel Hiiop j^
American Steel Hoop prefd 77
t.3«t American Steel A Wire 41%
200 American Steel & Wlra prefd f.c»i
>:, American Tin Plate 35 '
American Tin Plate prefd 74*4
10,920 American Tobacco t -;\l
Amerlcnn Tobacco prefd jjj
2.000 Anaconda V.lninjr Co ' j;v
23.770 Urooklyn Rapid Transit .", C7U
I.Wi Colorado F\xt-l & Iron 571
5,W0 Continental Tobacco ...! 2V.
7io Continental Tubaeco prefd 73
7.1 M Federal .Steel - 441
2.C10 Federal Steel prefd ; „ T
it!s General Klcctrlc 118U
COO CJlucoim Hußa.r 4jC
Glucose Sugar prefd 93
100 International Paper 18
Inti-rnat'onal Paper prefd £4
120 I^aclede Gan <;;ti
ICO National HleruU 2jU
Natlonnl Hlscult prefd 91)
(00 rational I^e«d 14,
National Lead prefd nw,
200 National Steel 351/
National Steel prefd g<j
New York Airbrake 13)
4<M North American isu
Pacific Coa*t 44
I'aclflc Coant Ist prefd yi
Pacific Coa*t 2d rrefd v
2.::0 Pacific Moll »7
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1899.
«.T?V People's Ga« |«
3>o Trersed flteel Car 52
400 Prersed Pterl Car prefd *2
312 Pullman Palace Car 181
M) Standard Hope & Twine -'-
Ss.( (1 HUKar ro»I
100 Fu*ar prnfd , ..; '.ill
2.0fi0 Tennessee Coal & Iron 7*H
6.40' i Vnlted States leather : 12H
4,300 United States Leather prefd C 9
I.WO I'nlled States Rubber 3i»i
2.000 United Bute* Rubber prefd 100
44. Western I'nion m
1.050 Republic Iron & Steel \t\{
800 Republic Iron & Steel prefd ISU
.^^ P C C * St Louis 74
i; 4.700 Total Sharca Sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s re» 1024 m k & T Ml 654
L S 3* reg 11 '■• M X & T 4» 17
L S 3s coup 1104 N V Cent Ist* Ill*;
L S ne.w ** re« 124';. X J Cent Ken 611 ...118
L B new 4a coup. .. lS4'i J North Carolina 65.. 127
I. S uld 4s rrg 1144, North Carolina 45..107
L t» old is c0up....1154'X0r Pac IMS 110
L'Sfe rut lint I Nor Tac ta 61
V S ;.-• coup lUKIKor I'ac 48 1")*;
IMst of Cul • 655. ...121 n V C & St L 45..104« i :
Alnbama class A..llOV4iNor i \V cons 45.. «i\i
Alabama cluss 11. .110 Nor fl \V nen 05..12:>
Alabama cl.i C..101 Oregon Nay lsts...lOi»
Ala Currency 100 Oreßon Nay 4 iCKiT'd
Atchlson Ren — 9S»«,Or Short Line 65. ..12:14
Atchlson adjust 4s. 764'cir S 1. cons 55.. ..112%
Canada Pou 2d5....i06 I: <; Wcfi uu K&
Ches & Ohio 4U5... 94'i!stL & I M cons 5».1074
Ches & Ohio .'.B 115 |StL ASF Ben G5.120
1 * N cons 7s 141) Bi Paul c0n«..:....Hi2
C &. N B F I>eb 5a.. 1U |St i* C i Pac lsts.U9>4
Chic Term 4.- .S2 St PC* Pac 55. .116
Denver *R O IMs.lol\| Southern Ry 5s lu5 T «
Denver & R G 45.. 37v;jStnnd R & T 6«.... 7S
X T Va X- lia l»ts.lC3 ITenn new pett 35... 90
Kr> f.ti 4s 664: T. & Pac lsts .... 110
I- IV .v D•■ lsts... 6&\|Tex A- Pac 2ds .54
(Jen Klectrlc t0.. . 119 Union I'ac 4s lfiiv;
(1 II .v BAIt 110 Wabash l*ta 112
OH I.S A Ida... \Vaba*h Ma... . 9S
H & Tex Cent 55..109»; West Shore 4s 111*4
H& T C Cons 6e...110 v|| Cent lsts 85
lowa Cent lats 108 Va Centuries S(
X C P* O lsts.... 65 |Va Deferred ..5
I^a new cons t0.....i05y Colo A- sou 1- M
l. .v N unified 45... 9S»4'Pou Pac 4s 771.
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 11 Ontario 7 V\
Crown Point in Ophir 63
C C A v 1 1 40 Plymouth C 8
Deadwood 40 Quicksilver ... 1 M
Could A Curry OS Quicksilver prerd.. 7 50
Hale & Norcroaa 33 Sierra Nevada . 40
Homestake 6T. 00 Stand 1 .*<)
Iron Silver M Union Con 20
Mexican Y. lion Jacket 20
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS
Money— .Union Land 2-
Call loans Iff? West End 11%
Time loans :/yt; Do prefd 112
Stocks— • Dom Coal 414
Atch Top * S F.. 18% Bonds-
Do prefd 57 Atchlson 4.« 91
Am Stjpar 120?»j Mlmiii; Shares— .
Do prefd 11l 'Adventure f>4
Bell Tel 3U Allnuex Mm C 0... I I
Boston & Albany. .2ll Atlantic . 22
Boston & Maine. ..l9s Boston & M0nt. ...158
CIJ I Q m Butte & Boston 414
Ed Klec til 2^5 Calumet • Hecla 719
Fltchburg; prefd. ..ll2 Centennial 164
Gen Blec 1174 Friinklln II
Do pr.-fd •■• Osceola 66
Federal Steel 444 Parrot Zl\
Do prefd 63 .Qutncy 135
Mexican Cent J'iiSanta Fe Copper.. 5
Mich Tel 101 Tamarack 170
Old Colony 200 Wlnona 4'
Old Dominion IS Wolverines 314
Rubber 3v\ Utah 24
Union Pacific 43 I
Associated Banks' Statement.
NEW YORK. Dee. 13.— The statement of the
New York banks for the week ending I><»cember
23 Is decidedly favorable In it.- showing, •■»«
pectalljr with reference, to ca?h changes. The
gains in legal tenders and specie were $3.572. 100.
and as the Increase in deposits wan only nom
inal, th» new cash «■ to meet excess reserve,
bringing that Item to f10.3M.075. the highest
point t:v,i.-h.-.l since last August. The state
ment has teen affected by a number of Influ
ences of conflicting and unusual character,
which perhaps explain why the final flfur>*H
are at variance with earlier estimate.*. To b<-
Kin with, the llfiuldatlon of |3,oo(i.ooo In loans 13
smaller than th» known operation* of the
past week calle.l for. The. a.Mition of 13.000.000
to $50u.O<j<i of cash reserve, despite the lo«« of
IZ.OOO.OiK) of cold on I)eceml>t'r 16. ,ia unex
pected; but th" treasury disbursements anil thn
rt>celpt of specie from the West Indies .1 weeK
hcii iv» ni'ir* than counteracted the earlier
loss. The. exports of fpeoie to Europe Satur
day are not Included In the present statement.
■What bearing they will have on the next ex
hibit of the banks Is problematical. it Is quito
likely, however, that the opening of the new
year will witness ■1..- usual movement of funds
between this center and the Interior. Div
idend disbursements are bringing Into the
irarket a fresh supply of fre« currency.
The usual semi-annual disturbances Inci
dent to payments of this character are
now fully discounted. The changed condi
tion of affaira with respect to business over the
country Uo»-s not make for ■ repetition, of the
Influx of Interior money to New York which
was so pronounced at this time last year, but
the rat-- .ju.-te.l on domestic ebcc^&nsa at Im
portant center? how that the tendency \e in
favor of New York. It will be recalled that
the rise In securities beginning In January had
its origin largely In the superabundance of
money flowing this way. -There ii no prospect
that the return this year will approach that of
last winter, for the simple reason thai the
money of the country la employed in active
business.
Kurope also stands ready to bid for excess
cash at present. The outlook, then, while It
Is assuming a more comfortable aspect. Beems
to forecast a moderately firm money market at
no stringency and no Idle over-supply.
London Market.
NEW YORK. Doc. 21— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's I>>ndon financial cablegram says:
The markets here were quietly strong to-day,
closing at the best. The mining carry-over
passed more easily than was expected, and for
eign exchanges were favorable. Gold was re
ported »c coming forward freely, and there
Jias evidence of returning confidence. The
lank bought £SMO In bars and £132.000 In Ger
man coin. The Argentine Republic took £10,000.
Americana opened >./.. 1 point over parity, and
hardened up at the close. Spanish fours were
r,s\. Tint.* 244. Anacondas 7 3-16. Utahs 4\
Call mone£ was easy, and discounts a shade
leM< I rcn.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific. »o\; Union Pacific pre
ferred, 73; Northern Pacific preferred 73V
Atchlson. 11-..I 1 -.. Grand Trunk, 6H: Anaconda'
7V,. Bar Sliver, quiet. 2$ li-l«d J>er ounce
. ■
-^
Nezu York Grain and Produce.
NEW TORK. Dec. 23.— With the Produce
Exchange. Cotton Exchange, Coffee Exchange.
Metal Exchange and other trade centers closed
and the markets In general more or less in
holiday form, business In commercial com
modltUs was practically suspended, leaving
values more or less nominal at the closlnz az
ures of Friday. *
In the open market for spot coffee business
was inactive, with a weak undertone on the
basis of €»ie for No. ; Rio, Invoice lots and
"'i i% for Jobbing parcels.
Susar was also unchanged in prioe, with raw
dull and refined only moderately active
The brokers 1 orlce for lead Is $4 45 and for
copper $16 50^16 75; casting copper quoted at
m'TTEH— Receipts. 1732 packages; steady
Western creamery. 23© 27c: Western factory.'
UJ4O3Oc; June creamery. ....
ECUS— Receipts. 6541 packages; market weak;
Western ungraded at mark. Is#2l4c; Western,
l\(o2iC. lots off.
DRIED FRUITS.
At be?t. trade In dried fruits was of a
meaner holiday type. Evaporated apples show
ed Inherent stability, nevertheless. in view of
the small stock* in sellers' hands. Values
were nominally unchanged.
PTATE EVAPORATED A Common.
C©C'i«': prime, 6\^>7c; choice. 7\®S^c; fancy,
SHQ^c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES-S'iSSc per
pound as to size and quality.
AI'RirOTS-Royal. I8#15o; Moorpark. 15ffl8c
PEACHES— PeeIed WCXc; unj>eeled, ?H©
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. Dec. 23.— The record of the wheat
market here to-day could be blotted out with
out materially affecting commercial history.
With outride exchanges cloved and no Liverpool
cables then* was little Incentive to trade The
•mail pit crowd amu*e<l itself by kicking about
a football most of the time. Statistic* were in
complete. There was a trifling bit of foreign
liuyinr. but with New York not open, the cash
busireas was practically shut off. May wheat
ei«ncd and closed at SSfteesKe. Ho under yes
dav.
Corn barely held its own. Business was In
consequential. May closed Me down at 32 vie.
Oats were at a standstill with barely He fluc
tuation. May closed He depressed from yester
; day at 23% c.
Provisions were easy, but very quiet. A bit of
1 selling of May lard caused some weakness. May
i pork closed THe under yesterday at $10 324,
May lard EC lower at $5 674Q5 70 and May ribs
SG74c under at $.'. «U^s 45.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles- Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
' December 66 fid 654 BR4
, May 69S Ut\ 634 69*»
July 70 704 69»i 70
Corn No. —
December 30H 305, 3(t\ 30*4
January 30\ 3CAi 30*, 30%
May 33 33 32 » 32?,
Oats No. a—
December 22 22 21 22
May 24 24 23% 23 .
Mess Pork, per bbl—
1 January 10 074 10 074 9 974 10 CO
May 10 40 10 424 10 124 10 324
Lard, per 100 lbs—
1 January 545 5 474 145 545
i May 5 724 676 560 6*5
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
January 5 324 5 324 62S 523
May mit 5 024 6 4!4 543
i Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
: steady: Winter Patents, $3 40*53 50; Straits. $3;|l
3 21- Clear, $2 90SS 10; Spring Specials, $3 90(tf
I 4; Patents, tUOeSB; Straits, $2«(Wj3; Bakers,
$1 9('fc2 .'..".; Low Grades, nHflflM; No. 3 Spring
Wheat. (lfMlUc; No. 2 Red, 674tJ69c; No. 2
Corn. 3O»;i{i3lc; No. 2 Oats, 224523 c; No. 2
White. 25©2&4 c: No. 3 White, 24><325c; No. 2
Rye, 62c: No. 2 Barley. 3Sg42c; No. 1 Flax fired,
$1 454; Prime Timothy Seed. $2 35; Mess Pork,
j p.>r bbl, !s! s 70 1 10. Lard, per 100 lbs. JSIOfISSiV.;
I Short-rib Sides (loose). 15 15@5 40; Dry Salted
: Shoulders (boxed). s*4<KHc; Short Clear Sides
(boxed). $5 45&5iw: Whisky, distillers 1 finished
1 goods. per gal. basis hi^h wines, $1 224.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 26.000 24.000
! Wheat, bushel? 41.000 67,000
: Corn, bushels 253.0C0 SS.OOO
Oats, bushels 271.000 134.000
I Rye, bushels 6,000 2,000
I Barley, bushels 57,000 8,000
j On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady. Cfeamery, 15523 c; dairy.
16922 c. Cheese, firm; H»ifgi3c.- Eggs, firm;
fresh, 20c.
9 — — 3,
Foreign Futures.
Wheat— Dec. Mar. May.
Oponlntr Holiday.
Closing Holiday.
PARIS.
Wheat— Dec. Mar.-June.
Opening IS ■ 19 35 ;
Closliir , is 60 ID 33
Flour —
Opaalng 21 40 2.1 23
Closing 24 40 25 .••
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Dec. 23.-CATTLE— Good to choice
fat cattle have advanced about -■'•<• during the
week, closing steady to strong for all etams.
Good to choice. $." 6Q4j6 73; poor to medium, ft 35
<5» 40; mixed •ore. |3 10^3 SO; selected feed
m, M ZS64 90i good to choice cows, $3 .Wi 4 50 ;
heifers. J3 20if?5: canners, « !.S*B i*; bull*. t» >•>
(a 4 10; calve Ji.iT. fed Texas beeves, |4 4"i
HOGS— Strong, active market. Good clear
ance. Mixed and butchers', $3 SKWj4 20: good to
choice heavy, J4 >■:.■>• 4 20; rough. »3 5004; light,
U sftffii 12> : : bulk .if sales. $4 tC.si 1 15.
SHEEP— Steady to weak. Native wethers. 34
CO; lambs. 14 23'(i4 V>: Western wethers, (4 10
4 6*i; Western lambs. '; S<ifl3 50.
Receipts— Cattle, 300; hogs. 20,000; sheep, 2000.
Exports and Imports.
NEW YORK. Dep. 23.— Imports of specie this
week were J54.279 gol.l and |22.«C3 sllxer. Ex
ports of ppecie to all countries for the week
were $1.41?. 3^9 in silver bars and coin, and
$3.!»1<9.20<) In gold. The Imports of dry Roods
and merchandise at the port of New York for
this week were valued at $11,431,706.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON. Dec. 23.— The arrivals of Wool lor
the first series of Wool auction sales in Janu
ary, 1500, amount to 99.029 bales. Including 30.0U0
forwarded direct.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Dec J3— Consols. 95«4: silver,
V, 15-lKd; French rentes. 99f 20c; wheat car
goes off ii.ast. buyers and sellers apart; car
goes on passage, nominal, unchanged; cargoes.
Walla Walla. I7i Id; wheat and flour on pas
sage to United Kingdom. 1.031,640; wheat and
flour en passage to Continent, SIO.OOO.
LIVERPOOL.. Dec. 23.— Wheat In Paris, dull;
flour In Parts, dull
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Pec. 23.— Exchanges. $213,634;
balances, $&,?3j.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Dec. 23.— WHEAT— Nothing do-
Inp. Walla Walla. f.2c; Valley, M ; ;j. . m uo
Stem, ES6S4O.
Cleared— German ship Wandsbek for Queens
town, T-lth 100. CCS bushels wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Dei 23-No change in wheat; Club
51c; Blue Stem. tie.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — 14 |2U
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 »$i-
Sterllng Cables _ 4 $9w
New York Exchange, eight — jju
New York Exchange, teleitraphlo — 15
Fine Silver, per ounce — l*i 4
Mexican Dollar* , — 4 S i^
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Th* market Is of a holiday char
arter all over the world, and quotations Miow
no change worthy of note. There will be no
more foreign cables until Wednesday. '
London stocks were very strong and consols
advanced *4. The world's shipments were
about 3.500.000 bushels, and there was a de
crease of 1,500.000 bushels on passage.
Spot Wheat- Shipping. »7m>^B\c. mllltn* 11
(ft\ 02V4.
CALL BOARD PALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— May— l2.ooo ctls $1 05H.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
BARLEY— The market continues flat and
neglected, with lower quotations for feed
Feed. 7Oft72Hc for No. 1 and 60^C7%c for off
grades: Brewing and shipping grades. So©B7Ue-
Chevalier, nominal. '
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— (COO ctls
72V4C- "• '
Second Session— sales.
Regular Morning Session— May— WOO ctls
7214 c.
OATS-No further business of any conse
quence Is expected until after the holidays
White. II 1001 ••: Red ll^ifi»; uray
$1 07HCfl 17',: Black 97Hc«m 07^. ™ y>
CORN— Eastern White Is quoted at |1 03U»
1 06 per ctl, and Eastern Yellow at 11 10
RYE— JICfI 06 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAI-Quotcd at $1 90@2 15 p«r ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR-Caltfornla family extra*. $3 #o^3 75
usual terms; bakere* extras, $3 4053 50: Oregon
and Waiting-ton. $3 404(3 M per bui for extra
%3 ZlQt 40 for bakers" and $? 2503 for euperflne'
MILLHTUFFS-Prlces In sacks are as foil
lows, ÜBUai, discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. Pa per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. 12 75- R^i
Meal. 12 M; Rice Flour J7; Con.meal. $2 "i*
Oat Oroau. CO; Kcmlny. $3 »m M . ' £'£•
"heat Flour. H«4 25: Cracked Wheat, «7 1
Farina, »4 B0; hole Wheat 1 Flour. « 50;' Rolled
Oatu (barrels). »*»{ 25; in sacks. Xi 75^-.
Pearl Barley, 15; Split Pea,. £ Green .Pcai'
ji CO p«r 100 lb«.
Hay and. Feed stuffs.
All descriptions under this head are dull and
weak.
WBRAN-*l2W BRAN-*l2 6«4513 60 per ton. •
MIDDLINGS— fI"tf2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS-Rolled Barley. $n Eo«n M
1 per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26©27; Job
blnu. J27U.ii-s. Cocoanut Cake. |2o«2l; Corn,
meal. $23 W«4 50: Cracked Corn, $211*25 Mixed
: Feed $16 606 17; Cottonseed Meal. *28 per ton
HAT- Wheat. JlW«»fcr common To^ good
and $»&» 60 for choice; Wheat and Oat i7a^T
Oat. |«6OeS; Barley $336 60; Alfalfa. «OI Per
I ton; Compressed, 17010 per ton. *"*• per
STRAW— SS&6OO p«r bale.
Beans and Seeds.
There Is nothing doing in this market.
BEANS-Bayo.. M 25©3 CO; small White. $2 90
OS; large White. »2 4C02 M; Pinks. 12 65<g2 75-
Reds. $3 25©S 50: Blackeye, $4 Co©4 75; Butters]
nominal, Lima, 14 I<v'<js: Pea, UVI 25; Red Kid
. ney*. $3 60 per Ctl. . :■; 4 :
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, lO3\Lc- Yellow
Mustard. 4'«r4S; Flax. 12 12V4; Can?ry. »4c per
i lb for California and 4o for Eastern; " Alfalfa, ,
7©Sc: Rape. 2Hff3c; Hemp. 4&4Hc; Timothy.
DKIED PEAS— NMIea, $1 60^1 90; Green. II 75
62 IS per ctl. •
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Prices for all kinds stand about the same.
There la no scarcity In anything. '• *
Uhubarb Is offering at $131 '.£ per box. Some
Asparagus was received, but not »old.
POTATOES— KarIy I'.ose. yjfcSCc; :.iv.r Reds,
i Wii'iOc; Uurbanks. >jsCc p-r sack; Salinas Bur
banks. 11©!! Oregon Hurbinks. 40ctT$l ltf;
Sweet Potatoes, Jl 25©1 40 for Merced.
ONIONS— 7.V-ITJI 2* per ctl -for all kinds.
VEGETABLES— Oreen Pea», 4g7c per lb:
Strlnp Bean*, jagf*: Cabbage. lOffiOc: lxj» An-
Kelea Tomatoes. 7oc<9sl 16; Err Plant from Los
Angeles. lt^tV)e; Cucumber*. 81; Drt^d Okrn.
12'ic per lb; Garlic, ttQ^ir; Gre*n Peppers fr.>m
Los Angeles, dull at 2&3o; Dried Peppers. Vi?
10c; Carrots, .(-,; (,»• r*r sack: I, • An»cel«>s
Hummer Pqua»h. %I'Ql 50 p«r box; Marrowfat
Squash, 120 p#r ton.
Poultry and Game.
Pressed Turkey* were not very lively, »• the
advanced prices checked the demand. Still,
arrivals were fairly cleaned up at the close.
Over a dozen carloads came In from the East
| during the week. Other Poultry was In mod
' crate supjly and firm.
Klve earn of Eastern will go on the first of
', th«- week.
Oame was steady nt the good prices, though
th»>rp was enough to go around.
POULTRY Live Turkeys. 14(fT160 for Gob-
MprH and !1-;j1«<- for Hen»; Drei-sed Turkey?. 17
S/l'Ic: Oeese, p< r pair, 1175^2; Oosllncs. $175
<u2. Ducks. •» 50415 to for old and UU'WtTA for
young; Hen*. $3 Wai tU; Youn»c Koomtrs. U*i
4 50; Old Koosters, $3 MfM; Vryen. $3 sO^r4;
IJroilers. $3 50©4 for large and $3 25® 3 SO for
small. Pigeon*. »l per dozen for old and i- ,- *'J
for Pqnabr. '
GAMR- Quail. $17562; Mallard. $3Mff4: Can
vasback. $::.;",; Sprig, $2:o<tj3; Teal. $1 "Y<jl.;
Widgeon. $21/2 25; .<riall "Duck. $1 MTi 1 7a ;
Doves. 73e per dozen; Hare. $1 2.'» Til 50; KabbltH.
n 2:.^2; Gray Gee:;e, $3 V)>i&\ 50; White, $1 30;
Brant, $1 7."ft2 M; Honkers. $i; Enslish Bnlptr.
S-t»2 M per doren; Jack Snipe, $1 in.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Egjrs are a fraction hlKher. Blocks boirir lli-ht
and the holiday demand good. Butter and
Cheese stand about the HUM, the demand and
supply about balancing.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 24c; seconds, 218
Be.
Dairy— Fancy. 21c; good to choice. 17fc@2Oc;
common, ntflsc.
Eastern— l7'jriSc for ladi*. packed.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. 12',4c: old. ll«4c;
Young America. 12^«Il3c; Eastern. liMi'Slfic:
Ventern. 13HC15c rer lb.
K<;OS— Quoted at 22Vtf23e f"r Ktnr^ nnd M<!f
«3c p*r doxen for ranch. Eastern— Cold stor
age, lSflJino for firms ana 15c for seconds;
fresh. Ufa 23c per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Almost everything in the fnilt line Is drns
plnr. Ati the cold weather checka tho ilcmand.
Grapes are neglected. Stock* of Cranberries
are large. • Apr!™ and ftl IIIIH are in liberal
supply at unchanged quotations.
DECIDUOUS KRUITS-
Apples— Ss©6sc per box for common. 75C3J1
for good. $1 i M M for choice and $1 7362 for
fanry Spitzenbergß.
BERRlES— Strawberries. $2 S<Vf73 for large;
Cape Cod Oanbrrrles, $BWfiß; Cckis I.ay Cran- I
berries, fl ... per box.
Per?lmmnns, IQtiZ^c per box.
Winter Penrs. r,iirf/J* r<»r box
CITRI'S FRUITS Navel Orangos. $1 ror/5 per i
box; .S«>»-<11!nc». G.V<i/*i 2.1: Japanese .Vnn-lf- I
rins, $iwv;ii63; Pomelos. $150^3: Lemons. $11f I
1 tO for common and $2f«3 .'.O for good to choice;
Mexican Limes. $44i4 50: California Limes. ii.y
50c; Bananas, $1 &otr3 per bunch; Plueapplt-a,
$3 if*/ 4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts ami R lisvis.
The final report of the California Raisin
Grower* 1 Association for the Eeuson of I$3S-1593
;i in that *n,954 tons nf raisins were mar
keted, for which 12.r.06.5i: ss wa« received, giv
ing each stockholder a handsome dividend.
DRIED racrn 1 m Facks. 4Vic for
•MTI 404'4C for 60-60's. 3'- for 60-70's. J\»o
for 70-Ro*«. 3c for SO-SO' r and 2*4e for W-100's.
Apricots. U#Ue for Royals. l'Vi'glUc for Moor
park* and i?'r/M<- for Blenheims; Peaches. 5^
54- for Standard*. 6®6»<c for choice and 7c for
fancy; peck ! Peaches, lSHtflSc; Evaporat»J
Apples. m i<S'\c: Sun-dried. IJtUo per lh: Nec
tarines. flifl pet Ib for red; Pean V^ie for
quarters and SjjlOc for halves; Black Km, aft
»H«: v. hit- Figs. 10* : Bleached Plums. g**Jc.
L'nbleached Plums. 7©"4 c for pitted and IVic
for unfitted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
Ib, l ft . . Choice, sc: standard, Sc; prime. 6c; un .
l lea he : Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas—
Fancy, per lb. K4c; choice. 7Hc; standard «He
prime. Cc; unbleached Sultanas. sc; SeedJeJs.
M-lb boxen. sc; 2-crown loose Mut -nt.-N, 540;
t-crown. 6 l ie; 4-crown, 7c; London Lnyer*
t-crown. $1 60 per box; 3- Town, SI 60. Fancy
Clusters, VI. Dehesa. 12 50; Imperial, »3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping point*
in California.
NUTS - Chestnuts. Sf?10c; Walnuts. Sfitc
for Ftandards and 9fr!oc for softuheir Al
monds. ll^fjlZc for paper-shell. 9i?loe for soft
en 1 i*iir for hardshell: Peanuts. f>V 4 ?j<)»ie for
Eastern and ie for California; Uraz'l Nuts
"Uf»Bc: Filberts. 12C124C; Pecans. Ilftl3c :
D ooanuU. S4 50©5.
HONEY— Comb. HV4ffl2c for brlsht and 10H®
lie for light amber: irater white extracted. ';u
(38c; light amber extracted, eVt»Tc; darlt, U-«
per Ib
BEESWAX— 24t?S6c per ib.
Provisions.
CUKED MEATS — Bacon. 914 c per lb for
heavy, 9"4 c for light medium. lOHe for light.
12% c for extra light and 13c for sugar-cured:
Eastern »ug»r-cured Il.ims, 12tn2'ic; California
Hams, nominal; Mess Beef. <<: per 1.1 I; extra
M«m, 113: Family. $1«. extra Prim* Pork. $14 50;
extra cl?ar. 117 SO; Mess. $1« 80; Smoked Beef,
i4{jl »V per lb.
LAUD — Tl*rre s quoted at 6^c per lb tor
compound and 77 I*-'*1 *-'* for pure; half-barrels, pure
be; 10-lh tin*. Stic; 5-lb tins. «.*;r.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 7*407%e per !b.
Hides, Talloru. Wool and Hops.
Hides are off a fraction In the East, but no
change In reported In the local mnrket. Wool Is
also quieter In the East, owing to the monetary
stringency. Hops continue neglected.
BIUM AND SKINS— CuIIa and brands* sell
about lo under quotations. Heavy salted
steers, Me; medium, lie; light. 10Uc; Cowhides,
Mining Candles— Sixes. 16 M, 40 seta. UV»c per
pet; sixes, 1* oz, £0 sets, U%e; sixes, H oz, 40
pets, 10'i,c; Fixes, li oz, 20 sets. 10*; c; sixes, 12
ox, 20 sets. ?%c; sixes, 10 o*, 20 nets. »c:
twelves, 12 or, 40 sets, hotel. lOUc. Paraffins
V. ix Candles. White— Ones. 14 •■*. ■ sets. 12V
per set: twos. 14 01, 25 sets. 12Vic; fours. 14 ./
26 sets, 12H»S fixes. 14 os, Si sets. 12' i?; twelves
14 oi, M •*!*, U%e; Colored, lo higher.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, ie per ib ; No. 2,
4c; refined. CHc; crease, 2V»c.
WOOL—
Fall clip. Gun Joaquln plains. 9<Jliy; South
ern, >-»10<-: Middle County. 11911 c; Humboldt
and Mendoclno. I6tfl7c; Eantrrn Oregon. 12i»15c;
Vallej Oregon. 17'dlSc; Northern Mountain.
free. HS«c; Northern Mountain, defective. li>»
lie t>er lb.
HOPS— 6'(»9c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
There Is nothing new to report.
BEEF— l* r lb for bteers and 6Vi»7c
for Cow*.
VEAL— SQlOc per lb.
MlTTTON— Wethers, 7c; ewes, J^c per lb.
LAMB— BflS4c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 6%c for small. B»i<3 for
medium and E®s*-«c for large; stock Hoes and
feeders. IM#»Ho; dressed Hogs. 7'tiSSc.
General Merchandise.
BAGS-Calcutta Grain Bug*. 7®7«4c; Wool
Bags, 2J»«JOc; Fruit Hags. 6c. C';c and f.";c for
the three grades of white and ;u,- for bleached
Jute.
COAL— Wellington. IS per ton; New Wel
lington, $*; Southfleld Wellington, 17 50.
Seattle, $7. Bryant, V: Coon Bay. 40 50; Walls
end, til; Co-operative Wallsend. IS; Scotch. ;
Cumberland. 110 in bulk and 111 10 In sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. 113; CanneJ »j od
j.«t ton: Coke. $15 per ton in bulk and 117, in
aarkp
SUGAR— Western Sugar -fining Com
pany quotrs terms net cash. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, H»c;
Powdered. t%e; Candy Granulated, as: Dry
Granulated, 4T4c: Confectioner*' A. 4%c: Cali
fornia A. ; Magnolia A. 4\4«; Extra C. <V;
Golden C. 4^c; barrels. 1-I9c more: half-bar
rels, %c more: boxes, fee more; 50-lb bairs. »ic
more. No order taken for less than 75 barrels
or Its equivalent. Dominoes, half -barrels. £He;
boxes. s?«c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY. DECEMBER B.
Flour, qr sks 21.!&4 1 Hos 1, bale* ft
Wheat, ctls LOT j Wool, bales is
Barley, ctla 2,o?:. ; Brandy, sal* 7,»k>
Outs, etta SO! Wine, spis 63.0W)
Corn, ctls 1.019 Epss. Jnz 6,540
Ckeeae, ctls Lime, bhls vi
Butter, ctls 214 Sugar, bbls *,<;
Potatoes, sks — (leather, roll* ... ft
Onions, sks Til 1 Raisin*, bxs 213
Bran, sky 23Q;Qutcksllver. flsks. in»
Middlings, •>» .. &20|IVlts. Mis <T,
Sugar, sks 1.01 Hides. No 307
Hay. ton* 4771
Flour, qr ska V.yw Hran. sks 4,550
Wheat, ctls IS.iw ShorU, sks 496
OaU. clla
THE STOCK MARKET
The sugar stocks showed more tone yester
day. Makawell selling at $4.1 itffMl 7.">. Hutchln
' non at 121 S7»<i<s 2s and Paauhau at i:« 25'(j2« CO.
Giant Powder advanced to $3S. Business was
wry fair for Sunday.
The capital stuck of the Home OH Company I*
now lO^.WO. Instead erf 100 share*, which ex
plains the new quotations.
STOCK AND BOND EXCIIAN'GE.
SATURDAT. Dec. 11—12 m.
Bld.Ask. Dld.Aik.
V ■ Bonds— Eflult O L Co. 4,4 64
U quar coup.. — •— Mutual El Co. 11% It
t! quar re*.... - - O1; L & H.... 41!, 44
•s qu.ir new... — _ !i»ac Gat Imp.. — it
lls quar coup. ..li» llOHlPac Light Co.— 41
M:i>cel!an.-ous— SFOiE 12 llh
Cal it Cnb 55..U7H - 'tan Francisco. 1% «
C C Wat 5u.... - lOtoi stockt<n Gas.. :. -
I-.d L I i' »«..U0 - i Insurance—
FACI Ry 65.. 113 _ Ftrem's Fund.22s 230
g^nr-ft R6s. - 95 iiank Stocks-
H C ii S 5V45..11J - Ur.Klo-ral UJ. «5 -
do Rs IW% — 'Bank of Cal... IN -
L A Ry 6s — 106 Calß Dft T.. - -
L A LCo -.8... 91 — ! First Nationl..23« —
1 do sntd €5... 93 — 'Lcn-P & A. .131 1324
do gntd 6«... - 10J Merchants' Ex - II
LA ft r It Is. - 102'i'sev Nil 8k... - 130
Markrt-st (a... — ISO j SaVlugs Hanks
do iKt M 35.. - 11? !e.er S A L...1750 —
NCN O R Ts.i:?«, - Hum s.* L...10M 1110
• N II of Cal Cs.lla — Mm Sv 11k... 33 45
N It of Cal ss. - 114 s F Hay P... 500 —
jNP CR R 65.101H - t» a v & L So.. - M
NPC R X U.JO7H - Sec s.- Hk.... — 310
X CR It Es. ICJ - Jnlon T C0...U00 1«3
OG LA H 55.M7%- BtM# . t Railroads-
SSI rmn ''.«. .. Nt r T "-1 !5
WCo <■ ..1M - a -
-
■ tMJS 6 L- 10 f no ii-r^fdio ...v.:. -in
. liy 6*..m i:o ' • ' _ m
;Pk & ORy «*.m _ i-nwdcp StO cks
■-■
I . ■ • \ ! - -
R vf^infrlK 2™*« Con Co. W\ ISH
4 Ry rf Cal&i.lMVi - | «u/ar-
spof a «•...!- in fniSip^co v; s<;
5P C 65(1305).WS - l{!*?j\. .v y'c Sj-l
!£ * ,9. 6sU -'• - - Hutch BPCo S fcli
'I P Bp"J* "*• I mv ' Kllauea 8 m..r n .. - 21
•■ - , 2 ' » Mafcawell
I? J ™ l , ts --" 113 '* ll4 ;onom.-» B Co. S £7
. stkt Gas 6». - - vMU'Iv M U'l A«n iTfV 117
Water Stocks- Al r ? ck . A " n - n "f. 1 J
fnntr-i <\Kta 71U T4U Hpr Xx As!>n.. — l'O
Var!-?n.ui fv' '0 _ H Oceanic I S Co.. 94 H
BDriM Val '? ' 5l T,. - ' I'ac A X A . . . . I v 4 _
Cent Gas C 0... - - «^ J * int Co - *» -
Cent L & P.... S'h « l i'
Morning Session.
Board—
40 Alaska Parkers' Ai>sn 117 «v»
5 Firrman's Fund Ins 23i) f<)
2"> (riant Pow.lor Con !'"» 10
106 <ilant Powdtf Con &4 7.
I.'. Ginnt Powder i"*on, ii 90 91 7".
800 liana Plantation Co • ZS
40 Hana Plantation «'o, s so % 2.
ll'< Honnkna *" J "'
IT. Hutchlnsnn P P Co 23 t>o
'.'■. Hutchin«on S P Co 24 *>7'i
1.'.0 Mnknwfll 43 .V>
M Makawell 43 f." 3
• ."0 Makawoll 43 •">
f0 Mnkuweli. cash 43 «2'i
50 Market Street Railway 0» 7.".
»'. Market Street Railway ■"■'• •'."j
•JO Oceanic H S C<> ■« W
40 in. tuba i B P ( a IB ?*>
21"2 1 " Paauhitu KP Co M 37' i
;'n i'aauhau S I* «.'o 26 '■»
2i S F <!aj» & Electric Co .12 2j
! ««« B F & 8 J V Bonds 115 '.'.'.
i $l-w S V 6s 113-')
i SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
10 Alaska Packers' As»n 117 CO
I.'. fJlant Powder Con »3 75
V> (llant Powiler Con S3 ft7«-j
V) H"tuikaa Hukbt Co fj 75
li«> I'nauhiiu Sujrar ('o 26 21
30 S F Gas & Klectrlc Co 52 (V>
IS s F Oaa «c Blectrla Co 5.' u>n
■ 10 S P Gas & Klectrlc Co 11 23
10 S V Water »4 CO
OS V Water »4 IJV4
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
2*o Dominion 40
6110 Dominion 43
10 Home Oil < CO
\r*j Hume Oil JK
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
Jon Tidal Wave ;05
3.Vi Marker' Ranch 1 y-,
aw Century Oil Co 1 10
4JU Anaconda Oil Co 1 00
MINI STOCKS.
Following were th* Fair* In the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Hoard yesterday:
Morning Session.
2<>o Belcher !3. Sno Sierra Nevada. 44
ZOO Con Cal I Va.l .".I I*) St Louis (X»
HO Gould & Curry 24; MO I'nlon Con .... 28
UK) Ophir 71 100 Utah 04
S'OOphlr 72 100 Yellow Jarkit.. t4
Pctosl 19i
F.llowinß wfre the «ales In the Pacific Stock
nance vesfniny:
Mornlne FeMlon.
tOO Andes 11l W0 Gould & Curry 14
ZW He^t & Belener. 25 3fo Mexican .30
Si'O Chollar !Sj 4"0 Ophir ' 7t
I4M Chollar ........ 13 ( sort Yellow Jack.*" 24
1700 Con Cal & \.l 5:> 2 ! 50» Carter GM Co 40
!:•"«) Con Cal & Va.: i» ;</j Carter O M Co 41
2<a> Gould & Curry 23 i
CLOSING : ATIOXS.
SATURDAY. Dec«Tnber 23—12 m.
lild.Ask. | IJI.J A "k" k
Alpha 03 04 Justice .MM
A!IJ 04 $1 l-M-ly Wash ... 0? -
Andes 11 12 'Mexican O »2
B^li-hpr 14 16 Occidental ....'. 11 13
I!«">t it Belcher Zi 23 Oj-hlr 71 73
Itullion 03 V 3 O\«>rman ....'.'. 10 ii
Caledonia Zi — trctosi IS wi
I'hollar IS 13 'Savage " oa ]
ChallrnKe 11 12 ' Scorpion ... C _
Confidence — 7<) B<-k Belcher... . M m
Con Cal & Va.l CO 1 5.V Sierra N>V44a. 43 «s
Con Imperial.. — OlSilver Hill .... _ 07
Con New York. — 01 St Louis . ;* i«
Crown Point .. 13 14 Standard ... *2 i 5 2CO
Exchequer — — 02 Syndicate _ m
Gould & Curry 23 2S:rm»n Con .... « 14
Hale & Norcrs SS nlUtah — m
Julia — 02,Ytrlluw Ja«.ke'''! 13 54
Kt-ntuck 01 03 1
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
J. W. Smith an.l Edward M.illcy to Archl
balil Borland, lot on NE comer of Greenwich
mid Polk street*. X 121:104 by X 137:1; $io.
City and County of San Francisco to lUwr
James Water*, lot on XV line of Buchanan
Mrwt. 52:6 .S of California, S CO by XV *>l:l- .
Kstate of Pavld P. M itr! .ill (by Kmllte II
Miw-ir;iii. executrix, and K:nllle li. Marshall)
to Jjiii. > U. Murray, lot on 8 line of Golden
Gate avenue, liv \V of Pierce street. W 23 by
X 11.1- t?fWl *
KllzaU-th O. Baldwin to Harry It. Cooper, lot
on N lln« of Union street, 126 X 01 Itru.l-rlck
E CO by N UT:I KM).
Car! D. Salfleld to James L. Gallagher, lot on
N line of Tare street, ?!:S W of Lyon \V C by
N 'Jo (quitclaim deed); ft.
James L. and Annie Gallagher to Ellia Wlde
man. same; (10.
City and County of Pan Francisco to Marram
K. Bedell, lot on E lln* of Pc*rt>orn place 2:;
Sof Seventeenth meet. ■■by ■ 105; '-
Thoma* J. and Marcella C. O'Connor to Kate
A. Hawkins (wife of P. E.), lot on N line of
Twenty-fourth street, 125:4*, XV of San Jo«*
avenue. XV a by N 137:«; JlO.
Htbernla Savings an.l I ...an Society to Carrie
E. Brtd«ce (wife of 11. b\>. lot on W line of
Sanchez street, 24 8 of Alvara4>>, 8 20 by ;v
101:9; tmc.
Zcila O. HalUnn "v B. P. Oliver, commis
sioner) to Htbernla Savin** end Ix>an So<-lety,
lot on XE line of Seventh street. 130 SB of
Bryant; 8E 100 iv ni: *3; »i3.eis.
John [Ally to Mnry Lully. lot on XV line of
Mission street. 110 8 of Ilrook. S 27:1, XV 123.
$1
n4 Barry c. A \nna
110.
Geonre M. and Ethel Sheldon to Ilobert War.
nonmacher, lot on NW corner of Hopkins
street and Corbett road, jilZ 9J. NW luo. 8W
fC:6 (!(2). SE 100. lots 261 to 261. ■man Tract:
JlO.
Alameda County.
J. P. Abbott to M. O. Abbott. lots 1 and 2,
block : : ". and undivided third of lot l, block if
ma» of resubdlvlslon Wenton Tract; also loti
30 nnd 31. block D. nruadway im.l TelecraDii
Avenue Park Tract. OaklAnd: $10.
Lizzie W. Moffatt (truntee estate of Oeoree
MoiTatt) to Lillian W. Moffatt. undlvltlr.l
eighth of lot en N lln« of Eighth street. ;; W
of Uroadway. \V 73 by N 100. Oakland: dUo un
divided eighth Interest In property in San Fran
ciuco;
Albion Hu«sey to Abble F. Hussey. lot on \i
line of Prospect strvet. 100 N\V of LewU aye-
Due. NW 75 by NE HO. being lot 3 an.i Pn half
of lot 4. Modi 6, East Oakland Heights. EaaJ
Maru-nrrt O'Neill to Joseph P. Byrne lot 1
block E. Golden Gate Tract, Oakland; ji. •
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrcrraphlc Office, U. 8 N Mer.
chants* Exchange, Ban Franciaco' «•«!
December 23. 1539. • *' •
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building wan cropped at exactly noon to-day
1. «.. at noon of the l*Oth meridian, or at 1
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C. O. CALK I .VS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. 8. S.. in charge.
AUCTION SALES
GRAND AUCTION SALE
£& of &a
HORSES.
By order of Wll. ARMSTRONG of Lassen Co.
4) head of Well-Broke Hprses. & and • years
old. just arrived, and can be seen at the Stables
now. and If desired will L- shown to harness.
This la th- best lot that has been offered at
Auction this year. Hones suitable for ail pur-
poses. ' Also four or five elegxnt Roadsters and
two fin« s&ddle horses. In fact, any kind of a
horse you want.
SALE WEDNESDAY. DECESIBEU V.
At 11 a m . at
NELFON\S SALE STABLES.
Cor. St. Charl-s St. and Eagle Aye.. AU.t.»!».
J A. Ml'NTto &. CO. Auctioneers.
♦ ■»
Sun, Moon and Tide.
I . 1
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. PubM»h«><i by official an-
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occtir at
the city front » Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the sam* at both places.
SUNDAY. DECEMBER 24.
Sun rim 7:23
Sun sets 4:54
Moon rises 'third quarter) 9M a m.
7 TlMiet Time! Tlmcl Time
£ — — > Ft. — } Ft. - J Ft. ' Ft.
• HW* L W II W| L W
24... 4:M 6.2 11:11 2.1 4;O| 3.4* 10.24 1.7
25 ... &:» t.2 12 11 1.7 <:03 Z.V ll:C« S.I
XI ... «:0: 5.3 lrOl 1.2 T:S4| I.S' ll;ii ».J
27 ... «41 5.» 1:61 0.1 t:SO 3.i|
L W If W L W ill A
it .... 2.9 7:20 6.7 2:40 0.1 t.U S.I
2"» ... l:X 3.0 8:01 1 S.» J:r? -0.4 1 f»:44 «.l
30 ... 1:31 3.1 8:43[ «.l| 4:10f— o.»i 11:38 41
NOTE— In the ab >ye exposition of the tides
the early mnrfttng tides am given In the left
h»nd ltinin and th» sucresslvs tides of th*
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
kecond time column gives tha second tide of
the day. the. third time column the third tld«
and the last of right hand column gives th«
Inrt tide of-tbe <\.t\ . except when there ar» but
thre* tides, as »om»times occur*. The heights
given are In addition to the suundlnxs on tb«
United States Ouaat Survey charts, except
thin a minus sign (— ) precedes th« heleht.
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the chart*. The plane of
r*r»renre >> the menn of the l.iwer lnw waters.
Steamer Movements.
to arrive.
Steamer.
I Dut.
Ortxnbft
Cm,, ll.l
North Fork....
Alliance
Aloha .
. S-w;
. Huml
n I'.irts
..;n«c. j
..it*c. :
.. D»c. 1
.!'•■■.:
M
ji
••
M
<
I <'ltr..
A. Ilia:.
..|Cr«MK-*nt CUr
..[Coos Bay
.. Dec. I
M
Columbia
Corcn»
..', Portland
,.)Si»n IH^ko
.. u*c. :
Ariata
..in*c. :
M
.'.!.«»-attI«. ..'..'...
M
Ronlta
Albion
.Newport
.. TllUmook....
Queen ,
rla A I»i
Point Arena . .
lr.ni..
Chan. ".<«!- >n ..
.'llumboldt....
.
. ' 7iir.i and Jl
,. IIiimhoMt....
pan
<*l«l .1 <. mwtA i ■
;mn
.. D^. J
->
£am.>a
Purai-.in
..{Humboldt....
'M^Tlrn
.. D*c. J
n
5:1
-•
Pronre»o •
n
Wellington
■
Empire
S.tnta Itoaa
n-»
• Ti
Acapulco
State of Cal...
Homer
NewburK
■
Jan
11
S
TO BAIU
Steamer. Destination.
Sails. i*i<t
I .
Btmt* of CallPortland
Banta Rwa.jfan I)l»co....
Famn* 'MumhoMt....
San Pedro.. tMwmhnldt....
Tan!» )\Ve«t roast..
Cooii Bay. ..'Newport
. U-r
, 1 >*•■.
. rvc.
,n«,
. I*e
.rvc
U. 19 m: l'1-r It
14. 11 tmPUr 11
}«. 10 am Plor 11
< . l"l»r U
U. namirieT 1
:•>. s> irt-. ri-r li
Aloha
('niiitllla
. Pec
. Dec
. I»rc
. I>ec
2i. 2 pm'Pler •
:i. 6 I'm l-l-r U
U, S i in.Tl-r 1
n. l'> aro'Pwr 9
T7. Jam! Pier J
Arvata
■
I'inima
. Dec
. Dee.
, Dec.
.li--
■
9. 10 a:
I
\
1 in
l r-
■ %n. IVr 11
V>. 2 pm l".»r I
1. li) am PUr »
Shipping Intelligence.
Anruvnr>
H ii.ir l iy. Decfmber O.
Ptmr L'matllla. Cousins. S3 hour* from Vt
l'i--\ ilAi I lit -I fJ'.iiri-l Dorts.
Stmr Geo W Klder. P-anJall. •• hour* from
Port .and, via AstorU.
Htrnr U«o Loomls. Brtdgett. 14 boar* frcn
V«r.tur«.
b'n:i Noyo. Johnson. 13 hours from Fort
BUM Whltesboro, O'.mo. 1* hour* fm \Vhltt«
boro.
Stmr Cleone. Hicrtos, IS hours from Caspar.
Stmr Pomona, i^rsons. 13 hours fm I.'vi !,.i
Stmr San I'vtlro, ZoJdart. 35 hours from jJ*.i
l'.arlc Prusala. Jensen. 17 days from Port
Blakeley.
Kchr J Epr*nt*r. Colstnia. 40 hours from
Bnwens Ijji.'tinc
Srhr Aloha. I»abe!. 15 days from Honolulu.
Hchr Marlon. To»f*r. 21 days from Gray*
lUfbOr> CLnARHP.
Saturday, December 23.
P-mr O«o v Cider. X.m.l.ii:, Astoria; OK*
■
* Nor' stmr Titanla. Egenes. Nanalmo; John
Itosenfrl'l's Pons.
Mr stmr Wentmlnster. Pttrie. Manila Tta
Honolulu; 1* S Government
Ocr stmr Tan's. Sohultz. Hamburg and way
ports: J I> S:>re<-kols & Bros Co.
H;iw bnrk Itclertck L>hu. Johnson. Hllo; J
V Srrerk^ls *r I'.r'W «*o.
Briic Courtney Kord. Llndholm. Honolulu: J
P Prrecfcela tt Bms Co. ... „..
Pohr Cbaa E FalU. Brown. Honotulu: Wil
liams. Plmond * Cr>.
grhr Alice Klmball. Anderson. Honolulu; J
D Biireckels & Brts Co.
BAILEP.
Saturday. P«<-«mf>*r 23.
Ship Cnlumbla, Nelson. Puk<H S-iun.l.
Br ship Sierra ftl.incm. Spencer. LlvcrpooL
Br ship Kant Indian. Cnnth. Queenstr>wn.
Bark l*evl O Burtf» i *- < «. Ynunrgntn. Tsroma.
Iliiw »>«rit Itodfrtcit Phil. Ji hnson. Hllo.
Bchr John A. NUs^n. KMr»ka.
Schr Nettle Low. Uiw. Point Ileyes.
TFXEGRAPHIC,
POINT LOnOft— Per 23. 13 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NE; velocity ¥> miles.
DIED AT SEA.
On board itmr I'matllla. Dee 21— C A Mr-
Donald died during th- voyaiee on tn* morning
of I. 21 of htmorrhmc* of th» lung*.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Dec 22— Stmr Dirlro. fa
Bkacuay. •
VKNTI'RA— Sailed Dec 23—8tmr Pa»al-n».
for Eureka.
TACOMA-Salled Dee 20-nktn Chas -■ Crjck
er. fjr Callao: an Mary Wlnkelmn- fcr
Kihulul.
PORT n MIBLE-ArrlvM Dec 23-fkhr •; W
Wnnon. from Port Townsend.
PORT LOS ANGELAS— Sailed ' "■•■ »-Btmr
AlcAiar. for Snn Francl«-<>; srhr Ant*lot>«.
pf)RT HADLOfiC-Patled Pec 2»-Bchr Se
quoia, for Ban Die^n.
EASTERN PORTS.
RHEPY IPLANI^-Passed Dec 22-Shlo James
Drummond, from Philadelphia fur Port U • An-
NKW YORK-Cleared Dec 23— Ship Inxjuois.
for San Franclsro.
FOREIGN PORTS.
MANlLA— Arrived Dec 23— U 8 stnar Thomw.
frein New Tork.
PANAMA— Arrived Dec 11— Stmr San Juan,
hence, Nov is.
Sailed Dec >- Stair Acaou!co. for San r*n»n
clsrn.
PORT PlßlE— Arrived prior tn Dec a— Bktn
Robert Sudden, frrim Port Lu'ltow.
NEWCASTLE. NSW-Salled IVc IS— Br ship
General Roberts, for Ban Francisco.
HOKORAN-Salled Dec 17— Br stmr Elm
Branch, for Portland.
TuKIO— Palled Dec 25— Br stmr Arab, for
Oregon.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YOHK— Arrived Det 22-Stmr Graff
Walderse*. from Hamburg, etc.
Sailed Pc« 2i— Stmr Patricia, for Hamburg;
stmr Ktruria. for I.i-.t; »i. stmr Manitou,
for T<ondon: rtmr Island, for •" i.t.j. ic-n
HA% RK Sailed Dec SUnr L* Nannandi*.
for New York.
BOL'THAMPTON-Salled Dec 23— Stmr St
Ixrils. for New York via Oerbours;.
ANTWEUP-Sallccl Dec 20-sstmr Noordland.
for New York.
CHERBOURG— SaiIed l>c JO—Stmr St Louis.
from Southampton for New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Dec 13— Stmr LucanU.
from New York.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to D«c 23—Stmr
Honzkong Mara, from HoncScong for Baa
Francisco; itmr K!n*hu, for Honzkoox.
2728
FIENDISH DEED
OF A GANG OF
GOTHAM CROOKS
Drug and Rob a Help
less Woman.
MRS. KAERSTON THE VICTIM
STHEY THEN SEND HER ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
Prr.rllP?*, frlwdl<"£S and broken down
In hraith .infl pp'.rlts Mr?. Thomas Katr
rt~r.. a p»d virtlm of «V>th:un thujrs. ar
r!vt>J in l h*.« city y<»strrday <m the morn
ing ovorland. Here Is the Ftranptht
t,trn - thMi has b^»-n hrou^ht \n -hi In
xr.ai.y n viay. Mrs. Ka-crstnn's destination
v):fti rrr?Are& to leave New York aoout
.«. wfirk r.go was Port Iy»avenvorih.
'Xanh .. twit th«s wily intrlpup and brutal
(rr*-?1 of New York thieves »rnt the un
(Jortixnata KWSU on a terrible Journey
Wcrohs the ror.tment ar.d eh* laiided hore
t.:. unwilll'.p cbaig* on this chailtaJjly
IrrlJned puWlc.
a ro
■
•
M rs.
..
1
i
Ka.t
i >'
'•
, -, the
■
■ •
in lo
ar hu»baiid had
The next flay Mm. Kaerston called on
the minister and after bc;ng thoroughly
J4« r.Uned «h* got the money and Inst.uc
,tlon» to purchase a lirbt-cla^s ticket to
FVit L,oavei;worth. where she would bo
'Joined by her husband. A gang of clever
Gotham tuiiirks evidently phw the Inquiry
In the paper and laid In wait for • lie un
fortunate woman to present hercelf at
the home of thr minister to receive her
'Tnoney. After leaving Now Jersey Mrs.
Karrcwn wont :»crost« the feiry to Now
York, cicely followed by <me of fie
thieves. When *h« arrived In the great
city she Immediately went to the railroad
oflire and purchased a ticket for 1-ort
lx'averi\vo t -i h and th>-n ch«-<'kei', h»T trunk.
She then started down Broadway and on
striving at a point near the Sixth avenue
'elevated roaji she was grasped from be
hind, chloroformed and hustled into a
waiting hack.
The anesthetic was not sufficiently pow
erful to deprive the woman entirely of
hrr leases and she remembers to have
l)«en driven to a dingy hovel down on th«»
Howery. where she was given another
dose of chloroform, which rendered her
unconscious. Then the thieves tore open
her waist and btole her money, neuriv
»7W>. .
Foaring possible detection or arrest the
bold thieves applied the chloroform freely
to the already unconscious woman, and
while t>he labored under its Influence they
took her ticket to Fort Leavenwortta and
her baggage chrck. Went to the ticket of
fic» arid clmnk-«-d It for a M-cond-elpss
ticket to S;in Francisco and checked her
Vaggace rurirrdlnKly. In a semi-comatoso
condition Mrs. Kjuerston was placed
aboard The truln which left New York
last Monday night, am', the men, who put
her In charge of the conductor, said she
liad been drinking and would no doubt
he herself jn the morning. The unfortu
nate woman never left her b«-rth until
•he arrived at Ogden. where j-he devel
cped violent symptoms of Insanity a* a
result at her terrible experknek Th»»
train conductor was about to put her off
the train and place her In charge of the
cifficials there, when Dr. Thomas, who
happened to be traveling westward on
the same train, noticed chloroform burns
and other symptoms of the drug on the
woman's lips. He suggested that the
woman be pieced In his charge and on In
forming ihe conductor that he suspected
that Mrs. Kaereton had b*vn foully dta.lt
with the conductor allowed the unfor
tunate woman to remain on the train
Dr. Thomas rook Mrs. K.itrston Ir.to
his care, administered opiates and by the
■rext morning ►h<> was aMe to relate her
Ftrange story. She had a vague Idea that
thieves nad stolen her money, but Ehe.
little thought that they had sent her on
a long Journey across the continent.
Mr*. Kaerston's experience wan so
thrilling '.hrt for a time the train officials
doubted h"i\ but when they searched her
clothing and found her wjiist ripped i.id
other ••vldcnces of her having been rough
ly dealt -Aith they finally believed h»-r.
Fhr.rtly before the train pulled Into the
Oakland mole a woman whn had taken a
Jdndly interest in Mrs. Kaerston discov
ered several f«tk<» telegrams purporting
•to be from her bus-band which the thieves
had used to aid them In their nefarious
' work.
On arriving In this city Dr. Thomas
*ti Mrs. Ka«-rston to a private hospital
■wfcrre «he will he cared for until her
>it;s><and arrives from Kort Leaver. worth.
It is quite possible that Mr«. Kaerstnn
will never fully recover her health or
reason. In the meantime Gotham's
crooks .xre spending li^r nrnioy and gloat
ing over th<Jr !ii ndish dc-«*d.
ADVERTISEMENT S.
drTpiercPs
GOLDEN MEDICAL
IHSCOYERY
m^,T? _fi li iri.lt l\ !m&is^
It makes muscle by making health.
It make* health by coring the dis-
eases which undermine the strength.
The starting place of physical de-
terioration and weaknoH is jprussiTlj
the stomach. The ■ Discovery " pos-
itively runt, diseases of the stomach
and organs of digestion and ntitri-
tion. Take "Golden Medical Di».
covery" and yon' ll get well and
strong.
"I wi>h to exprcM ray thank* to too for
your wonderful medicine," write* Mr. Ceo.
Logan Hogget, of Pied moot. GreeariUe Ox,
S. C-. Dox tA;. "I »*>■ »lmoet pact wort
•uflrrrr.- so ouch iron chronic caterrh and
inrilf : Your ' Golden Medical Dtasov-
ery ' nil rr< '-Tiriirn'lcd I uaed it fur tproe
month*, and wu complrtely cured nt t-idi-
gcrtiaa and greatly rcucrrC of catarrh.*
\ \ \ (/ f£
9L _' 'jM SsT *«3n^Bß^^Bß\
CHRISTMAS SHOPPERS ENJOY
A BUSY DAY AT THE STORES
Christmas shopper* put In a busy day
yesterday and spent the last few hours
In Santa Clnus' cause In a way that will
bring happiness to many. No better show-
Ing of the prosperity of the year about to
close could have been mad© than by the
city shops yesterday with thodr aisles all
crowded with purchasers. Buyers were of
nil classes and conditions, all come to
gether with the charitable Christmas
spirit— the desire to bring Joy to every
body—and to upend money. Even the
Mongolian residents caught the whiff of
love and charity in the atmosphere and
mlngle<l with the vast throng of tired
mothers, gleeful children. Jolly fathers,
happy grandparents and the big-hearted
bachelors and pretty maids, all brought
together with the same purpose— the de
sire to buy something for some loved one.
At the Emporium the aisles were crowd
ed with a seemingly solid mass of human
ity, which led purchasers to declare that
all San Francisco was assembled there
until they visited "Will & Flnck's or Hale's
or O'Connor & Moffatfs. when that opin
ion was changed and in the estimation
of buyers It was decided that the entire
population of San Francisco waa out
purchasing Christmas presents.
A wonderful thing about this van shop
ping -my was the splendid way In which
TEH INSPECTION
CONTROVERSY IS
JUST BEGINNING
Expert Platt Points
Out Facts.
PRIDE OF COAST ASSAILED
INDEPENDENCE OF THIS PORT
TAKEN AWAY.
Th« moderate resolution that the tea
Importers of San Francisco have sent
to the Secretary of the Treasury in refer
ence to the sampling of all tea at New
York is only a faint indication of the ac
tual state of feeling here. More communi
cations will yet appear and the entire
Congressional delegation from California
will take an Interest in seeing that the
obnoxious order Is set aside, or so modi
fled that the tea examiners at San Fran
cisco, Chicago and St. Paul shall not be
supervised by New York. The resolution
of the local tea Importers was published
: in The Call yesterday. That simply re
quested the Secretary of the Treasury "to
ord«sr the New York • miner to send four
ounces of all teas passed by him to each
of the examiners at Chicago and San
Francisco and that said examiners be ln
•tructod to scrutinize the samples sent
them in the ramc manner as the New
York examiner 1b to do with the samples
sent him from other ports."
Charles B. Platt, the Paciflc Coast
member of the United States board of
tea experts and vice president of .i A.
Folger & Co., said yesterday: "As the
matter now stands the tea examiner In
NYw York Is to exercise his Judgment lr-
I respective of what •may bo the judgment
of any other or all the tea examiners of
the l."nlted States concerning the samples
that shall bo brought before the members
jof the exports In New York. Tho fact
dimply mains that tho tea examiner at
San Francisco and those at other points
must send a sample of <■»• lino of tea
nasse.d by him to the Now York exam
iner, and Is therefrr* imply under stir
! velllance and then» la no other word to
1 describe it. As long ai« this order stands
and this state of affairs exists no explan
ation will have the effect of relieving the
minds of tho tea Importers of San Fran
cisco. The order has taken away 'ho in
dependence of the port of San Francisco
in the tea business It Injures our pride
as oil as our business.
"The idea would sc-om to be. that th»
board of experts shall go over the sam
ple* that the New York examiner shall
present to thorn, ns being samples th.it he
Shall consider worthy to be review* I
cannot understand how it Is possible to
expect the New York examiner to select
samples cassed on by himself to send to
the board of experts, which might be on
the doubtful line, or which he thought
would render him liable to criticism Thin
w*ould seem to be asking too much from
human nature.
-The statistical data given me shows
. that during the fiscal year ending June 30
i J£DS. about 60 per cent of. all teas Imported I
■
THE RAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. DECEMBER 24. 1899.
the stores managed the crowds. In all
the retail stores .in unusually large extra
staff was employed and In spite of the
fact that business surpassed even the
hopes of the most sanguine no shopper
was neglected and It was possible to do
Justice and show courtesy to all.
The day— tin; last big day of shopping
In San Francisco— was not without Us
pathetic Interests, its humorous side
lights and commercial object lesions. In
the first place all the •hops that have
established for themselves a reputation
for quality in regard to stock, fairness
In regard to dealing and economy when
regarded from the purchaser'! standpoint
were crowded with eager purchasers,
who, mindful of the multitude of shop
pers and the lack of time, never stopped
to examine the materials offered for sale
but took the firm's name for guarantee.
"You guarantee this material?"
"We do/ would answer the obliging
clerk. "Then send It." and the purchaser
would pass on to make room for another
and that is one of the secrets of how
Newman <■. Levlnson, Kohlberg, Strauss
& Frchman. the Glovo House. Livingston
sr?f5 r ?f- *U Strauss J. J. O'Brien, the
Golden Gate Cloak House, and James
Hrien managed to handle so satisfac
torily the large crowds of people ail
anxious to spend money.
The beneficial effects of window display
were also demonstrated by the enormous
business done by Colonel Andrews" dia
mond palace. H. Llebes & Co. and the
Owl Drug Company. The benefits of Ju
to the 1 nlted States came in through the
port of New York. Presuming that the
same ratio would apply to the period un
der review, the tea merchants of San
V 3".11V 3 ". 11^ 8 . ar u , na lmous in the opinion
thai 11 It is durable to re-examine the
M per cent entered at San Fran-!seo It is
equally important that the 60 per cent en-
SP^r'aSuUny?^ ,hould pa., through a
"1 have written to the Treasury Depart-
Er n ,V» n r> r , he sr)!rU ° f u t™st fairness, and
for the Purpose of having the entire mat.
ter equalized and thai all may obtain
equal Information ; have suggested that the
New lork examiner be directed to for
ward samples of all teas entered during
J,V e Qo " month . 8 period to the tea examiner
?-h£« n * ranclsco and the examiner at
Chicago, who are to scrutinize them In
the .me manner as the New York exam
152 X I " s . truct «'d to re-examine the sun.
S'ma^r^^Xe^"'^ This ia Bimpiy
«<^r hll V lie P resent rule stands the Board
of Tea Experts will, as a whole, remain In
ignorance of the reports of the New York
iS ox^l% r on u rTC^7 tt V aimual meet-
SMALLPOX CAMP DESEBTED.
The smallpox camp at th« Presidio Is
again deserted. Dr. A. 11. Glanlnl and his
corps of assistants, together with the
seven patients who have been under their
care for the past live weeks having re
turned to civilization yesterday morning
All the camp bedding and such articles
as might have become infected with the
germs of the dread disease were burned
and the tents fumigated, and the little
canvas hamlet hidden away In the hills
»nMi ,°h. the P° , wlll remain untenanted
until the pest again makes its appearance
among l nele Sam's eoldlers ir * nee
Dr. Glanlni had as hi assistants during
$°th» ii ry .\ lX i n ,. the foll ° w i"K members
of the Hospital Corps: W. E. Dickey, S.
f"h le >f , 3oht L Wllard. Max List and
John Rlnker The faces of all were
adorned with luxuriant crops of whiskers
when they showed up at the general hos
pital yesterday, and their well browned
skins were proof that the outing had
done them no harm physically The
doctor admitted that he had felt lonesome
during his enforced absence from the
haunts of men. but he took considerable
satisfaction in having brought all his
Th« pa ;' fintH |, hrou^ In good condition
The latter, all members of the Forty
eighth (colored^ Volunteer Infantry were
capering round the reservation yester
day afternoon like a lot of schoolboys.
They are: Corporal Charles Arter. Corn
puny i- , Privates I,ennlc Brvant Com
pany C; Garfleld Casey, Company I-
James Fleming. Company B; Lee Mat
thews. Company M; Clinton Powers Com
rang X and John PHoa, Companj ?
Porty-etehth Infantry. '
: the casual detachment Rt
""' r< • yesterday winding
up the work of discharging the soldiers
who arrived from Manila on the Rio
Janeiro.
Between 300 and 400 recruits will be sent
to the Philippines on the transport Sher
man early next month.
In addition to the construction work
now in progress! at the local posts, orders
have been received for the construction
of an ordnance storehouse to cost between
$7000 and jsooo at Fort Point. ve ™een
Colonel Stephen Jocelyn. mustering-out
officer, has been relieved from duty in this
department, to take effect on the 31st of
this month.
Major William H. H. Crowell, Sixth In
fantry. ha*-- been rf>llf>v»Hi from duty as
acting Inspector general of the Depart
ment of Texas and been ordered to San
Francisco.
First Lieutenant Robert H. Allen, Four
teenth Infantry, has been relieved from
duty as aid de camp to Brigadier General
Thomas M. Anderson and ordered to re
port to General Shatter for assignment to
duty,
dlclous advertising wer» also demon
strated by the harA-cat reaped by such
w-11-known firms as C. furtln. Ad. ECo
;■""■. the furrier. S. N. Wood, Raphael's,
Brown Bros.. Pauson & Co. and th-» H\ib.
It was In the nlnthlnß stores thai the
majority of pathetic Incidents w<. r ,> <n
ncted. Rapped boys went in accompanied
rrowful-looklnp mothers to com.'
out transformed Into stylish little men
aceomi'ar-.ii-d by a mother who lo.»k. <\ no
weary and beartsore on account of
the great 1..\,. RQ d admiration that lighted
Up );■
To the pimio bouaea were nearly all the
merry scenes relegated. Many a man
stood by in Sherm.in & day's. Clark
%\ls- & Co.'B or Hymn Mauzy's while
wlfie paJd over several hundred dollars
for a "splendid Instrument." "My hus
band Is SO fond of music," each purchaser
would exclaim, "that I could think of
nothinp that would please him better than
to have a new piano in the boost
here we ar.." The piano salesman, how
ever, is really the only one who saw the
c .mic side of the purchase. To "hubby"
It was no Joke.
Many as are the words of praNo due
to th.? storekeepers just so many are
there due to the purrhnsers. Each one
realized what a. bus] | and tnt-J
to help along and reciprocate the cour
tesies nf the shopkeepers. Many a dude
went home with pa<-kaj?es piled hljfh to
his monocle and many a lady who never
carried anything heavier than a purse or
■ fan or a perfumed handkerchief left
the stores with her arms laden with
Christmas offerings.
THE STILT-WALKER
TAKEN TO PRISON
Because He Refused to Keep Off the Sidewalk
He Was Arrested as an Obstructionist.
HA. MTT.T,ER. a professional stilt-waJker from Canada, who, as he
marched along the streets for the past few weeks, has been the
JJ onv >' °f hJI the small boys, has had to "come off his high perch" at
the command of PoUdMBSn Tom Rurke and George Tracey. Mlll«*r
hRs traveled nil over the States with his stilts, making It a business to adver
*'s** WM commodity, the advertisement being pasted on the back of his coat.
In his stihs h<- stands over nine foftt, and as his trousers covered them and he
had false : ho^s attached to the bottom of each stilt and walked with ease,
some people Imagined that he was pome giant reared In the backwoods.
> Mterdajr afternoon he was walking along the north side of Market street,
and Taylir, followed by a crowd of youngsters. The
sidewalk v.-;ts parked with shopping people and the boys got In their way.
Oiptain RpllUne happened to pass at the time, and told Miller to Keep off tho
siri walk and do his walking on the roadway, where he would not annoy pe
<i- strians. He obeyed, and the captain instructed Policemen Burke and Tra
cey to see that he k«pt on the roadway. Miller was perverse, and M soon s\e
the captain was out of Plght he walked back to the sidewalk, followed by the
boys. liurke and Tracey pounced upon him and marched htm to the City
Prison, where he was charged with obstructing the .sidewalk.
Millar waa harnessod to his stilts, and h«-fore he could enter the door of the
prison he had to be unharnessed by th<- two officers. The operation was
watched by an admiring crowd. WtMB Miller descended from his lofty perch
he was s<<n to be below the avenge size, standing about 5 feet 7 Inches. He
waited ji, ,(„, pr i ROn for about an hour till some one called and put up JlO hall
for his release. Desk Sergeant LindhHmer had pi\An him permission to take
auay bJI but Captain Spillane haprH^n>(l to meet him as he was Waving
the prison, and he made him take back the stilt*, and they were book-1 ai
evident. ■ acalnst him. Miller says he will fifrht the case, as he has a permit
rom the Hoard of Supervisors and there is no mention of being restricted to
the roadway.
PHEW TELLS
WHY RAILROAD
OPPOSES BONDS
Heartbroken Over the
Loss of Nickels.
•
THE OBJECT LESSONS TODAY
BAUD CONCERTS TO BE GIVEN
IN FIVE SQUARES.
Mayor Phelan went to the water front
during the lunch hour yesterday and ad
dressed a largo crowd of worklngmen at
the Mall dock. When he asked for the
opinions of those who were In doubt re
garding any of the points upon which he
had spoken, there was no response, but a
prolonged • beer.
The Mayor directed his remarks mostly
toward the criticisms of the opponents of
the panhandle extension. He deprecated
the attempt made in Southern I'acinV
quarters to make It appear that there Is
some political motive underlying this bond
campaign. "Some of the arguments put
forth by the railroad's mouthpiece are
SO transparent that It would be folly to
waste time in replying to them." said the
Mayor. "The railroad's opposition Is all
in a nutshell. If the people of the Mis
sion have a park and have music on Sun
day, the residents of that section will not
have to pay 10 cents to go to Golden oate
I'ark. If the people wish to walk or ride
through a beautiful extended panhandle
they will also noi be required to pay their
dimes. There Is the whole cause of the
railroad's opposition— nates to lose
those limes and to pay Its share for im
provements. By way of relief, it abuses
all those who favor any public improve
ment or do anything except grant addi
tional franchises gratis to corporations."
A mass-meeting was also held at the
wire works and was addressed by Col
onel Hecht and P. H. McCarthy.
Concerts in Five Parks.
The executive committee of the Central
Improvement <'lubs propopps to give the
citizens of this city an obji-ot lesson on
progression to-day. The weather prophet
has promised to hold off rain and bad
weather, and the desire of the committee
is to attract as many of the peop
• 'c to the public parks, where It is
ded that larce numbers should con
gregate every Sun. lay and holiday, when
.-vtrr health and i.usiness will p. rmlt. To
thus attrnrt there must he something at
these placet of more than usual inter
nd tho committee believes that noth
:■ -■ v. ill draw the people out as much as
musii . .Many ur>- not able to at
tend tlir concert! In <u>lden <«ate Park,
and po music ha-s J>een pro\idcd for the
parka and square* that are most central
ly located.
The committee has encased bands of
ple< ea to play this afternoon from
I 4 30 p. m. at The Mission Park <>p
posite the oirls' H'Rh School <m Elght
eenth street: at Union Square Park P •
street; at South Park, n»ar the foot of
Third; Columbia Square, Koisom street,
n« ar Sixth, and at Washington Square
Union and Stockton The object
n win iif> attained If the a.ttr
Ol rood music at the city's breathing
pla< es draws .out the people and mak«s
them realize that a part of a day
In a public par«s 1b more profitably occu
pied than In musty or 111-ventUated rooms,
or Indoors at all.
Open Letter to Citizens.
Th* following open letter was Issued to
voters yesterday:
To the Citizens of Fan Francisco: Th«
election for park bonds In of great Impor
tance, and hence we make a special appeal
to all Interested In the future of San Fran
clrco to remember that the acquisition of
these lands will complete our park system,
add to the beauty and attractiveness of our
city and give Its metropolitan growth a
Bale's.
.
A «f^ "^ m
store closed all day to-morrow.
splendid Impetus. Golden Gate Park Is
worthy of a proper entrance and should h.iv«
a rark connection with the city and Pre
sidio. The purchase will prove a good In
vestment, and will cost but TO cents on each
$1000 of assessed property for twenty years.
The Panhandle Is RE feet wide and the
natural contour of the land can be preserved
or for three blocks the grade can be lowered,
which In Itself would be no disfigurement.
but this Is a matter for after conrMeratlon.
Contractors for grading will be required to
Ctve labor the charter wages and hours of
work. The building trades will benefit by
new employment and the displaced popula
tion will build up other sections of the city.
The project In our Judgment Is sound busi
ness sense and good municipal policy.
JAMF.B P. PHELAJC.
Mayor of San Frand«co.
F. W. DOHRMANN.
President of the Merchants' Association.
A. BBARB
Prepldent of the Manufa> turers' and Pro
ducers' Association.
Circular of the Opposition.
The "Citizens' Organization Against
Panhandle Extension" distributed Its cir
cular yesterday. It bears the signatures
of George L. i>nt»-r. chairman; B. P E
Troy, secretary: I. lv •.:•! i: Taylor, Hor
ace Davis. Josp{ih Brltton, Alfi
John H. Marble, K. j L e Breton and
James 11. rtarrv.
The "conclusion" of the circular Is as
follows:
San Francisco enjoys the singular distinction
of bring the mi." lane American city that is
free of debt. A wise policy will keen her bo.
except as to those things which may poeslbly
be of such Immediate necessity as to warrant
her coin* Into debt for them. Itemember
that bonds always mean extravagance and
waste and nearly always lead to corruption.
In fact, to write the history of municipal
bonds In the United States would be to write
the history In large part of municipal cor
ruption. And It Is well to keep in mind ti.at,
once the bond mill Is started, nothlar I*
harder than to stop It. Let us. therefore, rf
solve that our city shall never so into debt
except for that which Is of such present Im
mediate necessity aa to give us no other al
ternative.
More Supporters of Bonds.
A meotlnp In favor of bonds was held
last night at the New Western Hotel. In
the Forty-Fifth district. Dr. T. P. Iceland
presided and T. B. O'Brien was chosen
secretary. Several able speeches werr
mad© in favor of the panhandle extension
and It was decided to hold another meet
ing next Tuesday evening. Mayor Phelan
Rev. T. C. Caraher. Robert Martin and
Captain Foley will speak.
SANTA CLAUS VISITS
THE KIP ORPHANAGE
LITTLE TOTS MADE HAPPY BY
A BIG CHRISTMAS TREE.
Lady Managers Provide Generous
Entertainment for Children Upon
Whom Dame Fortune Has
Not Smiled.
More than a hundred little folk", whom
the dreaded reaper deprived of the foster-
Ing care that nature had destined to guide
them through life, had a bright ray of
sunshine break through the clouds yes
terday at the Maria Kip Orphanage. A
Christmas tree was prepared for the
parentless Inmates that would have glad
dened the heart of any youngster. There
was not alone the tree, with all Its glis
tening decorations and strings of popcorn,
laughing Jumplng-Jacks and other things
so Inseparable to the yuletlde festivities,
but heaped around it were great piles of
presents for the little ones upon whom
Dame Fortune had not lavished her
smiles.
The lady managers of the institution
state that Santa Clans has been unusually
good to the orphanage this year. From
all quarters came donations for the
Christmas celebration, and as a conse
quence the Joy of the unfortunate little
ones was far beyond expectations.
A great big tree wm placed in the main
vestibule of the orphanage. It reached to
the celling, and a few feet of the top had
to be cut off so that It could be placed
upright. The board of managers outdid
themselves In the preparations for the fes
tivities. They took ejitire charge of the
decoration of the tree, and their work was
nobly performed. Briefly, the tree was a
gem.
But few exercises preceded the distribu
tion of the, presents.. Four companies of
the old children sang Christmas carols as
they marched from the dormitories to the
Christmas tree. One of the most touching
features of the occasion was the exhibi
tion by the nursery contingent. The
diminutive tots sang one or two pretty
carols, and then their Joy at the scene
that confronted them conquered discipline
and they broke from the ranks and ran
about the Christmas tree In childish ec
stasy.
Rev. W. I. Kip was the master of cere
monies and distributed the Christmas gift?
to the children. It was through the ef
forts of the board of managers that many
liberal donations were made. The board
consists of: Miss Carrie Owln. Mrs W. 8.
Wood, Mrs. Thomas P. Woodward Miss
Mary Heath Mrs. Sidney Worth. Mrs. R.
B. Sanchez, Mrs. George H. Buckingham
Mrs. P. I. Asbury. Miss Eva Mnyntml
Mrs. O. C. Woodward and Mrs. Edward
Field.
DENISZEWICZ HAD MONEY.
But Gold Failed to Soothe His Sor
rows and He Killed Himself.
Ivan Dt»nlszewlcz. the Russia m who -im
m!tte*l Kulclde laM Friday night
Minna street by taking carbolic arid, was
well to do In the. worlds goods, according
to the story told at the inquest jresi
afternoon by his friend, Alexander .Murat.
a Russian barber, residing in the saJM
house.
Murat said he met the deceased In New
York City about a year a*o and that they
came to this city about eight months ago.
Ivan owned $20,000 worth of property In
Kurst, Russia, and had a large sum of
money In the New York Bank of Savings.
Among ills effects was a bank book with
$1100 to his credit. The reason he jeft
Russia, ho stated to his friend Murat,
was family trouble, and he appeared to
be brooding over his troubles, whatever
they were. He purchased for Mural ?13uO
worth of barber supplies, now on the
way to this city from the East, Murat
giving him $1 and love and affection in
return.
The Jury brought In a verdict of sui
cide.
Hales.
TWO HOLIDAYS IN
ONE FOR DEWEY
Christmas and Birthday
Come Together.
Special Dispatch to The Oil.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. T.INO
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON*. Dec. 23-
Admiral George Dewey will celebrate the
sixty-second anniversary of his birth on
Christmas day. This Is the retiring age
fixed by law for officers of the naval serv
ice, but Congress provided In a section of
Ihe naval appropriation law. creating the
grade of admiral, that he should be re
tired only on his own application. It U
understood that the admiral has no Inten
tion of applying for retirement. He will
remain on duty as a member of the Phil
ippine Commission until Its work Is con
cluded, when he will consult with Secre
tary Long as to his future duty.
Accompanied by Mrs. Dewey. the ad
miral called at the Navy Department and
extended the season's compliments to the
ofllclals. In the anteroom of the Secre
tary's offlce Is a large painting showing:
the bow of the OlymDla. the admiral on
the bridge. Captain Lamberton. his then
chief of staff, near by and Lieutenant
Morgan, who had charge of the forward
S-incn turret, on top of that structure.
shouting the ranges to the men In the
turret. The admiral pointed out each man
by name to Mrs. Dewey and they Joined
Assistant Secretary Allen In his office.
where a model of the Olympla stands.
It Id the Intention of the admiral to re
ceive on New Year's day In Mr«. Mc-
Lean's home at Connecticut avenue and
X street. Invitations have been extended
to naval officers on duty here to call upon
th« conclusion of the President's recep
tion In the White House.
i" THE CREDIT HO USE" !
Six StorimM High
yl a*^ffiM "**^ bra
Solid, Golden Oak Sideboard.
Brass trimmed. Swell-front
drawers. Large beveled plate
mirror. A home article and one
for bachelor's quarters as well.
Lots of drawer room ; 6*4 feet
high. You've remembered
others in this closing of a good
year — remember yourself, too ;
no reason why you shouldn't
bo economical about it, either. j
$13.25
Designs were new so dainty nor
variety so great as In oar new line of ;
parlor furniture, especially parlor
tables. Whole floor of them; no two
alike. One dollar, op.
Among the many new and choke
articles In the drapery department are
1 rope portieres of the brightest Ori-
ental color effects. Artistically draped
and heavily fringed.
CAItPBT DBFARTMBfIT
Art squares and reversible rugs that
will serve and adorn, while satisfy-
ing the closest of buyers.
Our Electric Carpet f. ewlng Ma-
chine adds to the worth of our carpets
and shortens time in laying, but adds
] nothing to the cost.
I |
\ Frt« «»!r*ery. Oakland, Alaaata. B«M«r
; AC FRIEDMAN 6 CO..
233 to 237 Pott St.
| Open trtniags fair Stockton
HAD WAY'S IIEADV KKLILf ha* wtQoA
unrivaled bcfora the public for SO years mm »
Pain Remedy. It Instantly relieves and qaleklr
cure* ail Cold*. Sore Throats. Influenza, Bron-
chitis, Pneumonia Rheumatism. NeuraJ«t»
Headache. Toothache and all pales. Internal!*
(or iUiarl*. aad all Bowel Paina.AU druntataw