VOLUME LXXXTI-NO. 87
ONCE MORE OUR BOYS STEP FOOT ON NATIVE LAND
* » . * .- » » » . * - ».. m*i
MY God, ain't it good to feel
California under your feet
a!"
The cry was almost hys
terical as a young soldier
stepped from he big transport Sher- I
man as she lay at Foisom-street wharf
yesterday morning. He was one of the |
first upon the gang-plank and thence ;
to the beard dock. A choking sensa
tion seemed to come in all the bronzed
throats of the boys as they heard him,
and eyes that had borne the blaze of
tropic suns unwinking were moist with
unshed tears as the returning heroes j
were brought to a full realization of
the fact that they once more trod their
native land.
This was the real home-coming. This 1
the end of the long and weary days of j
waiting. California was once more !
under their feet, and' the joy — the glad- j
ness of ii swept away all memories of
hardships of Luzon swamp and field. I
They were home and on the threshold
of the welcoming tribute such- as only
California can pay her sons.
At a very early hour the big trans- j
port swung into the berth and was
docked, ready for the disembarking of j
her precious load, but early as it was
there were many eyes aboard of her
that were open and many phantom
like forms crowded her bulwarks, anxi- j
ous to feel the first tremor of the
tuuch of home land. Just as the strid- j
tftt whistles of the city announced the
seventh hour, the first forms appeared j
in the gangway and the debarkation ;
began. For almost an hour the steady!
stream of humanity poured from . the
vessel's side, and company after com- I
pany lined up along the great dock \
and stood awaiting orders.
No Impatience was shown by the ,
Bturdy veterans. They had been
trained during those long hours at the '<
enemy's front to wait, and that train
ing stood them in right good stead ■
now when they were about to reap the '
fruits of their ' long and wearisome .
campaign. For fifteen months they j
had been away fighting for the honor \
of their country, and in fifteen minutes ;
more they would be in the welcoming
arms of relatives or friends who were
assembled by thousands and tens of
thousands just outside the big fence
also waiting, but with far less pa
tience.
It was a wise decision that precluded
a greeting on the dock, for the brief
■wait gave j time to recover • from the
momentary weakness which had
brought lumps to the throat and tears
to the eyes. After the Governor had
taken from his pocket, and read the
typewritten- address which had been
prepared for him, the pathos of it all
had passed away, and the smart com
mand of -attention" brought the men
quickly into position and the band
swung into place at the head of the
column, which marched with steady
tramp and set faces out toward those
who were waiting outside.
There was little cheering as the
column came in sight. There was a
I thing which was too deep for
cheers which was a more eloquent wel
come than all the huzzas that could
have emanated from thousands of
throats.
■ Yes, it was good to feel California
under foot once more, and when the
little woman with the babe in her arms
recognized the man' who had gone
forth from her fireside at his country's
call a great sigh that was almost a
sob evinced the sympathy of the vast
crowd as army rules and regulations
were set at naught, while husband and
wife were close clasped in each other's
arms and their mingled tears fell on
the wondering face of the child too
young to understand what it all meant.
Then humanity asserted itself and
police regulations as enforced by stal
wart bruecoats were swept aside while
the dun of the khaki was absorbed into
the homogeneous mass of color, as the
immense throng swarmed into the
board roadway and mingled with the
loved ones who had returned from the
jaws of death.
"Jack! Jack! My God. he's hurt.'
What was one fainting woman in a
crowd like that? The poor mother's
pent-up feelings found vent in that
despairing cry. and her unconscious
body was borne through the throng
which had no time for sentiment other
than the selfish one of a struggle to
The San Francisco Call.
FEASTING ON THE GOOD THINGS AT THE FERRY.
get close to its own loved ones.
Fathers, mothers, sisters and broth
ers forgot all else except that their
own had come back, and as the swell
ing tide of humanity rolled on toward j
the great depot where heavily laden j
tables groaned in waiting, it seemed |
as if the surging waves would over- j
whelm the stately edifice in their im- j
patience. All semblance of column
formation was lost, and at times it
looked as if no earthly power could
bring order out of the chaos which
reigned in the ' street. But gradually
the excess of emotion exhausted itself,
and BloWly the long line was re-formed
and the steady tramp resumed until j
the steps leading into the grand nave |
of the building were reached. Here
again were the scones of the street en
acted. The thronging relatives could
not bear to be parted even for a few
minutes from those who had been so
long away, and hysterical rushes were
made by women who forget everything
except that they wanted to feel again i
the touch of the dear hand and look
again into the precious faces of those j
who had gone forth to danger and had j
been returned living and loving.
Tears and kissep. sobs and nervous
laughter, hugs and hand-clasps were
the vent of fueling, and slowly the
column was permitted to pass within
the portals where the feast spread by
loving hands awaited it. ';
BREAKFAST AT
FERRY DEPOT
Heroes Surround a Long-
Looked-For Meal.
Eternal Stews of the Transport
Forgotten Under Its
Influence.
THE emotions crowded into that
short march of three blocks from the
transport dock to the Tiburon ferry
stairs were still manifesting themselves
in the faces of the volunteers and their
happy relatives when the presence of
the civil law stepped in to separate the
soldier from his hysterical relatives.
As fast as the company officers could
get their men into any sort of forma
tion city bluecoats formed in a double
i row to clear a passage for the boys to
I the breakfast r,oom above, where they
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, AUGUST 26, 1899.
: GRAND MILITARY
I ESCORT TO
| THEIR LAST CAMP
After Feasting by Relatives and Tributes by a Rejoicing
City the Day Ends in a Blaze of Glory,
could forget the eternal and infernal
"stew, stew, stew" of the Sherman and
make their first "square" meal in many
a long day. ■
Festooned with sweet peas, pinked
and geraniumed, the returned heroes
ascended two by two to the grand nave, !
to be met by still other relatives than
those from whom they had been stpa
rated below, by brothers and Bisters,
sweethearts and wives; to be kissed and
hugged and patted again and thumped;
to be laurel wreathed and cheered, and
to be seated at table, Mars magnili' .1
many hundred {imes, and served by i
bevies of pretty girls. Home again?
Well, they should smile! Anything
like it anywhere else in the whole, wide
world? Nit!
And while those that had ascended
first were mingling with the happy
crowds, and while still others of the
regiment and the batteries were slowly
parting from the throngs below, the
ladies in charge of the breakfast ar
rangements were putting the finishing
tpuches on the longest tables on earth.
There were six of them, three in the
north wing and three in the south wing
of the eastern corridor, each five hun
dred feet long. In the central space,
connecting with the grand nave through
the great raised doorways, were ar
ranged at right angles short tables for
the officers and for the Mayor and in
vited guests. To the rear of these, sep
arated from the eager crowds in the
! north and south corridors of the great
nave by high grills, was an orchestra.
The tables were artistically decorated.
Cloths of spotless white stretched as
far as the eye could see. Above them
were masses of flowers, festooned ever
greens and drooping ferns. Each of
fourteen sections, marked by a silken
banner lettered to correspond with the
letter of the company or battery for
which it had been set apart, bore in
its center an elaborate floral piece rep
resent ing guns stacked. The table to
the east of the center, reserved for
Colonel Duboce and other officers, was
specially decorated. Hanging on the
* TO-DAY'S PROGRAMME. J
t 11 a. m. till 1 p. m.— Band concerts at Union Square and Columbia Park.
* Bp. m.— Grand electrical display and parade. Parade moves through the illuminated par- J
i ade-way from Van Ness avenue to Market street to the ferry, where the column will j
J swing and countermarch up Market to Montgomery, to California, to Kearny, to j
I Market, and out Market to Van Ness avenue. z j
% 10:30 p. m.— Grand banquet in the ferry depot. j
Clasped Heart to Heart, Close in the Arms of
Their Loved Ones, They Forget Trials
and Privations,
wall above was an American shield, th* |
colors picked out in ■ sweet pea blossoms
and carnations. At the head of the
table itself was an American eagle
above a floral shield, across which had
| been stretched a white ribbon with the
J^ fe ?5l TH !^ Pfe fe
inscription, "You will find us ready."
The arrangement ol napery. glass and
china was as tasteful as could be. and
the general effect was heightened ad
mirably by the soft morning light
streaming through the wealth of win
dows facing the bay. To serve the
members of each company had been
assigned, or rather had been selected
from any number of volunteers, a num.
ber of pretty young women, relatives
of the soldiers they were so glad to see
again. They were on hand even be
fore the boys had marched on to the
cobbles of East street, making ready
for their coming, and as dearly as they
would have loved to mingle in the
crowd to greet the loved ones they held
their desires in abeyance, comforting
themselves with the knowledge that
they would soon have them for their
very own, for an hour at least, far
from the smothering throng. They
could hear the hum of the happy voices
outside, and they knew their time was
coming. The ladies In charge of the
va rictus tables were:
Company A— Mrs. S. Bert, Miss Dusen
herry. Mrs. Dunn.
Company B— Mrs. Baird, Mrs. Proul,
Mrs. Knell, Miss Knell.
Company C— Mrs. Hilton, Mrs. Howard,
Annie Switzer.
Company D— Mrs. Mr< 'roach. Miss Del
mas Miss Copgrove, Mrs. Gibson.
Company E—^rs. Steelc, Mrs. Clark,
Sirs. O'Connell.
Company F— Miss Dell, Miss Moss, Miss
Company G— Miss Henderson, Miss Spar
rr.wo. Miss Anderson.
Company ll— Miss Clara Miller, Miss
Miller. _ '•. TT . .
Company I— Miss Son, Miss Huber, Miss
Company X— Miss Burgman, Miss Green,
Miss Temple. _■■. » _
Company L— Mrs. Kahn, Miss Lezinsky,
Miss Conn. _ . ,„ _,
Company M— Mrs. Rehn, Miss Shannon,
Miss Seymour.
The waitresses were: Miss Edle Ames,
Miss Minnie Davids. Miss Ruth Jackson.
Miss Knell, Mrs. Fred Pickering, Miss
Evelyn Cohn. Mrs. Upright, Miss Barnen,
Miss May Bathax, Miss J. Kruse. Mrs.
Cohn, Mrs. Charles Dietrich. Miss Hipr
eard. Mrs. E. H. Kenip. Miss Frisbie, Mrs.
Pracht Miss Henderson, Miss Stoltz, Miss
Lottie Hessler, Miss Birdie Hessler, Miss
Pracht, Miss Burke, Miss M. Crosan, Miss
Badt, Miss Ryan, Miss Juliet Bertrand,
Mrs. L. J. McLaugblln, Miss McDermott.
All things come to those who wait
and a few minutes after 9 o'clock the
mess call was sounded by the company
buglers and the boys, who were none
the less hungry for all the excitement
through which they had just passed.
Bled Into the banqueting room through
the great door at the nortnern end.
Laurel wreaths for the glory they had
won awaited them at the very thres
hold. The ladies of Seven Pines Circle,
G. A. R., had fashioned the circlets of
bay for their heroes, and a committee
composed of Mrs. J. Mary Benley. Mrs.
J. Albert Noble, Mrs. Goodell and Mrs.
Julia Duhen, handed them over to the
pretty girl relatives to bestow. They
did It with a will, many of them with a
hug and a kiss, and not a soldier was
allowed to pass without his meed of
the green aureole of victory.
It took less time than it takes to tell
to seat each company of soldiers. The
great corridor filled up with the flower
covered, brown-clad- men, the daintily
clad handmaidens to the young gods
of war moved in serried lines, there
was a clattering of dishes, a clinking
of glasses, the jingle of knives and
forks and spoons, smoke curled from a
thousand steaming cups of coffee, and
the feast was on.
How the veterans fell to! How they
charged the trenchers and mowed
down the fields of lettuce. They went
at the double quick through the
oysters and the relishes and attacked
the turkey and the barnyard fricasee
en the run, Walsh's band very
thoughtfully playing at this stage of
the sortie, "Who say dat chicken in dis
crowd?"
What appetites they had! What
elasticity was displayed by stomachs
no longer fearful of the "stew" of the
Sherman! It was marvelous, even if
suggestive of a certain bicycle ad.
wherein "digestion waits on appetite
and health on both." It was worth
twice the price of admission, once to
the boys who were experiencing again
the joys of a table in civilization and
pig IPS JBISSPISa?S3RSS?I^^^S§
once for the spectators who witnessed
the onslaught.
There were some late-comers to the
feast, notably Colonel .Duboce and
Chaplain McKinnon, who had been de
tainfd outside by the press of people
desirous of clasping their hands. They |
got through at last, flanked by other j
members of the regimental staff, and !
as they went down to the officers' I
table they were loudly cheered all !
along the line. Notwithstanding their j
rank hunger gnawed at their vitals as
If did at those of the high private, and ;
they stretched their legs undar the !
board with avidity.
At the head of the central table were j
seated Mayor Phelan and A. M. Law
fence of the citizens' executive i^m- j
mittee, Mr. and Mrs. John F. Mefrill, j
Mrs. W. B. Harrington. Congressman !
and Mrs. Julius Kahn, Judge and Mrs. !
Robert Ferral; Mrs. R. R. Mackenzie;
Mrs. J. M. Griffiths, president ot the
Los. Angeles Red Cross Society; Rev. I
William R. Rader, Captain Nat Messer, ]
Captain James B. Lankershim of Los
Angeles, Rev. M. S. Levy, Mr. and
Mrs. Henry Sonntag, Grove P. Ayres,
Mrs. A. S. Townsend, the fairy god
mother of all the volunteers; Miss N.
J. Radigan, Rabbi Nieto and Miss Har
riet Levy.
Miss L. C. Knight. Dr. Rose Beere j
of Denver, Colo., and Miss Anna J.
Garlick, who returned with the volun
i teers, having served as nurses for
PBICE FIVE CENTS.
\ CIVIC PAGEANT \
\ TO-NIGHT I
I ENDS RECEPTION \
nearly a year, were guests at tho
colonel's table. Miss Garlick was with
the Californians from the start and
has ministered to them during their
service. Every man in the regimt nt
has a high regard for the little woman
because of her kindness to them whiir*
in hospital. As the volunteers entered
the breakfast hall they greeted her
with handshakes and pleasant words
as if they had not seen her for som-;
time. Although it was their usual cus
tom, their greetings attracted atten
tion to the nurse. *Miss Clarlick was
attired in a military dress of the same
material used in the uniforms of th*
volunteers. Dr. Beere was the first
woman to be granted permission by
the War Department to go to the
Philippines as a nurse. She returned
on the Sherman.
For a full half hour nothing was al
lowed to interfere with the stocking of
the commissary of the department of
the interior, not even the presence of
half a dozen photographers with
cameras as big as Krupp guns. One
course after another was pursued <>n
the menu card until the boys came.
under the heading of dessert, to the
word "cheese." Being soldiers, accus
tomed to obeying commands, and hav
ing no more holes in their belts to let
out, they did so.
Then from the far end of the cor
ridor came sounds of cheering. "Rah!
rah! rah!" The boys of a company
seated there were cheering the sisters
and mothers and wives and sweet
hearts who had waited on them. The
idea took like wildfire, and down tlio
long line came a succession of cheers
from the other companies for the re
spective groups of younu women who
had feasted them. There is an end to
everything, and the breakfast was no
exception to the rule. At a few
minutes past 10 o'clock the last volun
teer had arisen, fortified for the march
through the city. The Colorado regi-
mental band, which had come in dur
ing the breakfast, played a selection
while the boys were again exchanging
greetings with their new-found friends
and readjusting their belts to the new
conditions beneath. Miss Preciosa
Pracht, whose brother is a member of
Company M, First California Volun
teers, was heard on the cornet in a
number of patriotic airs, accompanied
by the Coloradans.
By this time it was half-past 10
o'clock, the hour set for the starting
of the triumphal march through the
city, and the men, broken up into
groups by their friends and relatives,
made their way downstairs, to be
greeted again by waiting crowds, to
be kissed and patted, hugged and
thumped and pelted with flowers and
cheered and cheered again. It needed
not the sign of "Welcome" on the ferry
front to let them know they were.
THROUGH THE
CITY STREETS
IT is worth a year of war, worth all
the horrors of the trenches, all the
sufferings of the hospital, worth
death itself, to march up the streets of
a city and meet such a welcome as
awaited the boys from across the sea.
No hardship is too heavy, no waiting
too long, if it lead to such a swirl of
wild enthusiasm. It started when the2
tOmOltuouscrowds throng the thoroughfares to witness
ELECTRICAL ILLUMINATION
IS GREATLY ENDANGERED
THE executive committee appeals to every citizen to assist the polio*
detail in preventing the small boys and others from climbing the tele
graph poles along Market street during- the electric illumination this
evening. Aside from the danger of being severely injured or ;
killed from contact with live electric wires there is great liability of
■ damaging the plant of the display.
Yesterday while the parade was pasajng Kearny street the wires were
bj people climbing on the polea and the lamps of one section of the
display were burned out.
Chief Leea has been, notified by the Mayor to give special Instructions to
(he officers who will be detailed <>n Market street to-day to arrest for ma-
Icious mischief any one attempting to climb on the poles. The police clafm
that they will be unable to carry out these instructions without the asfllst
• the citizens, as they will have their hands-: full handling the crowd.
men filed from the breakfast room, and
it had not ended even when the parade
was over and the people had sought
their homes.
From the breakfast hall the men
marched, back to the. dock. There the
line was formed, and at the bugle-call
the pates were opened. a,nd the troops
marched out into the crowd. East
street was a dense mass of people too
tightly packed to move, and through
such a throng the troops forced their
way to Market street It was not a
quiet march. Every whistle -was
screeching, every bell was ringing,
every man, woman and child was
cheering and yelling, and when the
head of the column turned int.-* Market
street friendship would be denied no
longer and the people blocked the line.
It took half the police force to open
the way again, and by. that time the
escort had moved into place and the
column was ready.
Up the street the people were ready,
too. From ; the ferry to Van :Ness
avenue Market street was a sight to
see. Along the sidewalks the streams
of people had long before been forced
to stand. There was no going back
after starting down, and sown there
was no "going forward. The people
worked toward the water front until
the street would hold no more, and
then the police pressed back the crowds
until they seemed one with the build
ings on either side.
At the newspaper corner there has
never been such a jam. The committee
had the stand erected by Lotta's foun
tain, but it absorbed no space, for the
crowd had worked In under it, and,
tearing the drapery from its front, the
people hoisted themselves up among its
supports and hung there until the last
man had gone by. In the triangle be
tween the three meeting streets was a
solid crowd, and across on the Third
street corners there was room for not
one more. On either side there was not
a window but was thick with heads,
and the fire escapes, overhanging cor
nices and fire walls each had their
knots of people. The altitude or frail
ness of the structure was no objection
so long as it afforded a view of the
street and the column upon it.
The overworked police sweltered un
der the strain of their exertions. The
crowd was good-natured but as per
sistent as the flight of time. It was
like pressing a rubber balloon to drive
the crowd back, for when pushed in in
one place it bulged out in another, and
even the ropes stretched across the
cross streets aided the bluecoats but
little. The mounted police had whips,
and it soon became necessary to use
them with unsparing hand, and with
those and the clubs and the horses'
hoofs a thin, crooked line of pavement
was kept open.
At every available place reviewing
stands had been erected, and these were
filled long before the parade hove in
sight There was a large one in the
pace where Battery street runs into
Market. The committee had sent in
vitations to several notable guests, and
most of these were in this stand. Among
the most distinguished of the guests
was Governor Steunenberg of Idaho,
who is here to make arrangements for
the reception of the Idaho men when
they reach home. He was in the stand
with several members of his staff as
the guests of the executive committee.
As a matter of fact, had he^ received
proper courtesy, he should have been
in the parade as the guest of the Gov
ernor. It is etiquette for the chief ex
ecutive of one State to make a visiting
Governor his guest at such a celebra
tion as was held yesterday, for as the
guest of the Governor can he find his
only appropriate place in line. But
Governor Steunenberg has received no
executive courtesies from the Governor
of California, and so he viewed the
parade from the midst of the crowds.
Just below Montgomery street the
head of the escort was waiting, the red
plumes of the artillerymen teasing the
crowds into straining their necks and
spreading premature reports that the
parade had actually started. General
Shafter and his staff, gorgeous in gold
braid and cocked hats, capered and
pranced around upon their horses, while
the people speculated as to which of
the gaily uniformed riders was Colonel
Duboce. Then as they looked the gen
eral and his staff wheeled Into line
ahead of the band, of the Third Artil
lery. The musicians piped the opening
bars of a march, and the .column
moved.
It was supposed the people would get
back and let the leading horsemen
pass, but they did nothing of the kind.
There were no police to head the line;
MARTIAL MUSIC WILL START
FESTIVITIES OF THE DAY
. *■
■ .•'.'"■ *
TWO hours of martial music will start the programme of to-day's fes- *■
tivities. At Union Square Casassa will lead a band of fifty pieces. *-'
Spadina of the Park band will direct the concert at. Columbia Square, in *
which thirty musicians will participate. The bandmasters have ar- *■
ranged an excellent and appropriate programme, which will be the same at *•
both places. The music will begin at 10:30 this morning and will continue until *
1:30 in the afternoon. The programme follows: ■ *■
1. American overture (containing national airs of America) Catlin *
2. Selection from "El Capitan" *. Sousa *
3. "Wizard of the Nile" Waltz Herbert *
4. Grand military battle piece, "Recollections of the "War" Beyer *
5. "Cavalry Charge".... Leaders *
6. "Old Flag Forever," national song L«. France *
7. Grand American fantasia, "Tone Pictures of the North and South" *
: Theo. Bendix. *
Contents— "Keller's American Hymn," "Maryland. My Mary- *
land." "Old Zip Coon," "Bonnie Eloise," "Reveille," "Tenting To- *
Night,"- "Dixie," "Carry Me Back to Old Virginia," "llk;'.i Level *
Hornpipe," "Alassa's in the Cold Ground," "Star-spang\d Ban- J
nor." T
S. Patriotic song; "The Sword of Bunker Hill" (for cornet and barytone) J
Culvert ?
9. Selection, "Robin Hood" De Koven ~f
10. Fantasia on "Old Kentucky Home," with variations for all instru- *£
merits r: / .Dalbey *
11. Patrol, "The Blue and Gray" .V *
12. March, "Stars and Stripes" ....Sousa J
■ • .
ev< ry one of them, even to the mounted
pojfce from the park, was earning his
salary in the crowds, so the genera!
and hia staff had to make way foi
themselves. The line came up on the
north side of Market, and with a howl
"f apprehension all those on the south
side ruined across to find a new and
; beitcr position. They left a small wedge
of street, beginning with the general's
staff and ending on the sidewalk in
from of the Crocker building, and there
they stayed. Only the fear of being
trampled upon by the oncoming horses
| made them grudgingly give way to the
icks.
once started the parade moved fairly
; well, although frequent halts told at
i difficulties at the head and flying
; horsemen brought forward news of de
; lays in the rear. Twice before they
reached Sansome street the volunteers
had to halt to untangle themselves
j from the eager Bhputers, and it took
them over an hour to Teach Kearny.
i All this came up the street from mouth
; to mouth, for the escort ww still pass
, i«g.
First there were the regular ranks
;of the United States Foot Artillery.
followed by the rumbling guns of\the
liMht batteries, with the cavalry com
ing after. Then came the National
Guard, with General Dickinson at its
head, and the Governor following after
with the Legislature. The Legislature
was not appreciated. The people
thought the legislators were but ordi
nary mortals who had been given per
mission to march in the parade, and
unwilling to allow others an additional
privilege, the crowds took aftM- the
1 lawmakers and the police had to draw
their clubs again.
The legislators marched in all the
' dignity of office-holders, scanning the
crowds for friends that they might be
saluted and might salute in return.
They had one chance, at least, for 'as
they passed the "yellow" building they
locked upward and were rewarded by
seeing Mr. Herrin himself sitting in
his office window on the sixth floor.
Thj re was no one to give the order,
but the maneuver was excellently ex
ecuted. With one accord the legis
lators bowed deferentially, and one or
two. forgetting the altitude of the
window, tipped their hats and said
pleasantly "Good morning, Mr. Her
rin." Mr. Herrin bowed affably and
the legislators moved on.
The Fifth Regiment marched well
and with full ranks. Behind it was
the Naval Reserve with a four-gun
battery, the whole under command of
Captain L. H. Turner. They came
steadily after their band, the gold
stripe denoting service in the late war
decorating the arms of the many who
responded to the call. The militia
caviilry ended the escort.
There was an interval in the line
after the escort had passed. No one
tried to hlock the street, no one tried
to force his way forward. It needed
no word to tell that the boys were
coming, for the cheer that started with
them at tho dock was flying on b<
th»m. Down the street the glint of
their brown uniforms could, be Been
among the people, easily distinguished
in the sea of humanity in which they
moved. The lively air the band was
playing was drowned in the roar of
welcome. The drums rolled their
loudest, but they were no match for
the frenzied people. It was not a cheer
nor a shout. It was as a single voice
calling from the heart of the multi
tude, all-pervading, overpowering, and
before it even the shrieking steam
seemed silent.
Colonel Duboce with his staff rode
ahead, and his progress was marked
by the ripple of the handkerchiefs and
flags that sprang to life as the regi
ment moved forward.
Following the California Volunteers
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 26. 1899.
was another part of the escort, includ
ing the Colorado Regiment, under
Colonel -McCoy, and behind them
! the League of the Cross Cadets. The
I Colorado Regiment came from the
Presidio early in the morning and were
ready at the dock when the California
boys came back from the breakfast.
•>n the way through the streets the
Colorado men were greeted with the
greatest enthusiasm, for there has al
n ays been the friendliest feeling
between them and the California men,
and they have fairly earned the recog
nition they received. The Colorado
I men have taken active interest in the
home-coming of the boys from heVe.
They have helped decorate the streets
and were eager to volunteer for a place
in the escorts. They went out to the
Presidio with the boys and saw them
! safely quartered before seeking their
: own tents.
It was wild down the street, but it
\\ as pandemonium when the volunteers
: reached Lotta's fountain. How BUCfa
cheer-maddened people can ever get
back their sanity is hard to comprehend.
How merely human throats can stand
! such a strain and still be able to tell of
it is a mystery. How the sight of a
!>rn wn-clad soldier, even if he be our
own and just come home, can so com
pletely drive the wits from 10,000 peo
; pie is something too deep for explana
tion. There was no stopping the rush.
|no silencing the roar. Like maniacs
; they pranced nut into the street, swing
ing h;its and handkerchiefs and flags,
and. surrounding the colonel, they held
him and the column behind, until they
! had yelled themselves into exhaustion.
Duboce could not go on, and neither
; could any of his men. Those around
him were not all friends, but he com
manded the regiment, and the regiment
was theirs, and just behind his men
were the men of the California Artil
lery, and they belonged to the people,
too, so tiny howled and yelled to their
hearts' content, while the column be
hind waited and that ahead drew away.
There was no help for it. Duboce had
' to send for assistance, and the regiment
! so long engaged in beating its foes had
to.be rescued from its friends by the
■ cavalrymen. They came on into the
| crowd with their horses, and through
; the meager opening they made the
; regiment passed.
It was a straggling line. Hemmed in
by the crowds on both sides, the ranks
1 dotted with relatives and friends, and
; the cadence of the drums lost in the mad
: tumult, the troops struggled on past
; the committee-stand, until, weary of
their excitement, the people were will
' ing to draw back and give them tho
width of the tracks.
It was so at every gore corner until,
the cavalrymen proving too few t'">
keep the way open, the staff officers
rode their horses over to the sides of
the column and marched along In that
earnest though undignified formation.
At Fourth street there was another
jam and another wait, and then at
Fifth there was almost a repetition. As
the column proceeded the people were
not content with only shouting, sn
small cannon, firecrackers, shotguns
and pistols, and everything strong
enough to hold exploding powder, were
brought into play to swell the undi
minishing chorus. The people In the
old armory of the First Regiment, on
Market street, near Tenth, wore par
ticularly boisterous. It was like a for
tress, for from every window shot
flame and -smoke and noise, and be
tween every salvo the delighted cheers
of the garrison filled the street.
On and on the column went with Its
accompaniment of enthusiasm. Like a
field of wind-swept, waving grain, the
heads of the people would sway and
toss at every fresh burst of sound.
They could hear but not se,e, .and the
wave of craning necks would run up
the street like a willywaw on the
water; then as the volunteers would
come in sight the hats and flags would
leap into life and the cheers would
whirl around the soldiers until it al
most took the wreath-wrapped hats
from their heads.
The St. Nicholas Hotel was alive with
flags, but it was not at them the colonel
WOM looking as the regiment came
along. He glanced from window to
window until on one on the lower floor
his eye rested, and then with a smile
he bowed and raised his hat to where
a handkerchief was fluttering hyster
ically. It was Mrs. Duboce who
waved it.
Behind the First Regiment the artil
lerymen were getting the same recep
tion. There was more than enough
enthusiasm for them all, and Major
Rice and his staff and his sturdy men
were the theme of more calls of wel
come and the excuse for more cheers.
At Van Ness avenue the column
Jurned to the north and marched on be
tween living walls. On the west side
of the street, just in front of Market,
the letter carriers had formed a line,
and they saluted many in the passing
ranks who had been of their number.
It was the children's opportunity on
Van Ness, and they took full advantage
of it. There was not a doorstep but
was full from sidewalk to hallway and
from banister to banister; and the
windows and the cornices above the
j doors, and the fence posts and tele
graph poles, all had their burdens of
people and were centers of noise. The
I prettiest sight of all was the steps of
: the Cathedral. The broad flags of the
: great stairway were covered with a gay
• throng, each with a flag or a handker
-1 chief and all looking for the slightest
; occasion to wave it frantically in the
I air. The looked for opportunity came
with the volunteers, and right royally
! did they respond; and Father McKin-
I non, riding with the regimental staff,
j reined in his horse and looked back at
! the church steps with a smile. There
was none of the solemnity of a house
i of worship; the Cathedral had all the
air of a holiday.
At Bush street was the reviewing
stand, and there Major General Shafter
I and his staff turned out. He was»
I joined by the committee in a carriage,
i General Dickinson and his staff and
the Governor and his staff. The escort
marched by, and then as the First
Regiment came up Colonel Duboce and
Adjutant Curzon took their places to
tho right of General Shafter while the
regiment was being reviewed. Then
Major Rice took his place by the gen-
eral while the batterymen followed on
after the regiment. Beyond the review
ing station the escort had been drawn
up in line, and as the column passed
the line saluted and every band played.
There were many tunes, but one band
had the tact to select "Home, Sweet
Home," and the boys stopped to give
it a cheer as they went by.
On down Van Ness the welcome was
the same. The cheer was not so loud
nor deep, but it had the shrill, childish
treble that was absent from the roar
of the downtown crowd. All who could
not brave the crush saw the parade on
the avenue, and the crowd there was
brighter, gayer, happier, than that
along Market street. Ladies pre
dominated, and they were dressed in
all the colors of the season. The crowd
that lined the avenue was like the
patterns of a kaleidoscope, like a bit
of a rainbow, caught and held for the
boys in brown. On the vacant lots be
yond Clay street the children held
boisterous sway, and on a high hill on
the corner of Filbert the people had
climbed up and they hung on the
slopes like goats.
At Lombard the column turned west
ward again and headed for the Pre
sidio. Up the street the artillery es
cort was waiting, and as the volun
teers caught up it led the column along.
Discipline was relaxed as soon ac
Ix>mbard street was reached, and
friends, who had been driven from the
ranks after reaching the avenue, were
, allowed to go back again. They crowd
ed among the soldiers, carrying haver
i sack, rifle or canteen as the humor
seized them. The soldiers carried
everything but their blankets, and so
the assistance was not unwelcome.
Then the better to ease the boys route
| step was ordered, and the column
broke into an irregular straggle of
soldiers, citizens and their wives and
sons and daughters.
It was this way until just before the
head of the column reached the Pre
sidio. The band of the Third Artillery
had drawn to one side and the volun
teers straightened their ranks and
came to attention as they passed
through the gate to a stirring quick
step.
Inside the gate there was another
crowd as big as ever. People who had
seen the parade downtown hurried to
the cars and went to the Presidio to
meet the troops there, and they were
packed along the road, on the build
ings and up into the camp where the
men were to go. Through the crowd
the boys forced their way, and they
were halted among the tents that for
a while are to be their home.
They are camped up on the hill over
looking the old parade plain and com
manding a magnificent view of the
bay; up where the west wind can bring
the light back into their eyes and the
flush of health into cheeks grown thin
I and sallow, as pretty a spot as the
' beloved hills of their city can afford
jthem; a place where they can find rest
j and peace after their weary months of
', hardship.
The work of assigning the men to
I quarters took but little time, consid-
e ring the crowds that filled the corh
i pany streets and stood in the way of
the soldiers. The men arrived at the j
camp about half past 2, and as quickly {
j as possible Colonel Duboce had his reg
i imt-nt separate into battalions and each
battalion took possession of its tents.
The artillery men were marched direct
j to their company street and were at
j once at home.
The tents occupied by the California
J men are those to the east of the hill
! camp. The tents farthest to the east
Colonel Duboce considered the best,
j and he therefore assigned Tnis first
' battalion to them. This puts the .right
j of the line on the left of the camp, for
i the camp is regarded from the line of
; headquarters tent. It is optional with
I the commander, however,, and makes no
difference, as each battalion forms in
its own street and the regiment forms
on the parade ground.
As it now is the first battalion is in
the first street, reckoning from the res
ervation fence. The second is in the
second street and the third battalion in
i the third street. Then comes the artil
i lery men in the fourth street.
Camp life will not be onerous for the
boys. They will be able to spend more
time in the city than they will in camj>,
j for they will be given even more lib
erty, if possible, than the other volunv
teers. The other volunteers not having
any homes to go to were able, without
'losing anything, to report twice a day.
j With the California men, however, in
view of the fact that they are residents
of this city, it may be that they will
be given furloughs that will allow them
to practically live at home. This, how-
I ever, is a matter that rests with Gen
i eral Shafter. It may be found that too
much liberty will delay the muster out,
and in that case the liberty will have
to be sacrificed for a little while longer.
The first hours of freedom were not
long in coming, for as. soon as the men
were settled everybody but the small
guard were given a furlough until 10
o'clock this morning. With that privi
lege in view it did not take the boys
long to settle down. They went to their
tents quickly and stowed their arms
and accouterments and were ready for
home. When they were settled they
were let go, and the brown-coated men
lost no time in getting into the city.
Last evening the camp was deserted;
there were no men and no officers, an-1
a small guard from the Colorado men
kept watch over their effects.
MERRY MAKERS
RULE THE TOWN
The City's Soldiers in
Their Homes at Last.
Throngs Usurp the Streets in
Wild Enthusiasm and
Revelry.
! |T was a release eagerly sought and
! 1 gladly taken when the Californians
! found themselves, after the pcrform
i ance of formal duties at the Presidio
i at liberty to go where they pleased and
do as their inclination dictated until
this morning. Freedom from military
trials and tribulations had come at
last. The boys had been given back by
the nation and they belonged now to
I their families and friends. It was a
glad meeting of long separated fam
ilies, a reunion affectionate, tearful and
demonstrative, that lost nothing of its
pathetic dignity because it came Jn the
I presence of gazing thousands rather
j than in the sacred privacy of homes.
I Those that had no other bond than the
DISCHARGED SOLDIERS
WILL BE CARED FOR
SINCE the outbreak of the war with Spain the Red Cross Society of the
United States has done immeasurable good for the defenders of the flag.
In this State the organization has had, the burden of looking after the
thousands of soldiers who have left these shores for the Philippines, and
it has accepted It all without a murmur. A great deal has been
printed about the splendid services the humane society has done the
boys In blue in the Philippines ar,d that the volunteers and regulars
appreciated the many kindnesses extecded them was emphasized at the break
fast reception given by the parents and relatives of the returned Californians.
Mrs. Willard B. Harrington and Mrs." John F. Merrill, presidents respect
ively of the State and local Red Cross societies, were guests at the occasion
and when Major Rice of the California Heavy Artillery marched in a.C the
head of his fine body of soldiers he met The ladies and enthusiastically spoke
of the good work accomplished by the nurses and money furnished by the
society.
The Red Cross Society has not rested on its laurels; on the contrary it is
still busily engaged caring for the soldiers. It has a reception tent in Union
Square, where the volunteers are always welcome. The following notice
signed by Mrs. .Harrington and Mrs Merrill was ordered yesterday to be in
serted in the newspapers:
"All discharged soldiers will receive every care and attention by apDhine
at the Red Cross tent in Union Square." v • s
sympathetic feeling of a common citi
zenship felt and honored the deeper tie
of family. They seemed ea^er to show
their appreciation of the gallant sol
diers, and it was a merry, laughing,
happy rout that made its way from the
military reservation into the city. The
cars were crowded to their greatest ca
pacity. Men and women vied with each
other in showing courtesies to the
bronzed and tired boys of the Golden
State.
Mothers, wives and sweethearts were
proud that their loved ones had come
back from the wars unharmed and
with honors well won. The throngs
chattered nervously, hysterically in a
babel of sound. There were thousands
of questions to ask and myriads of
answers to give. The boys were deco
rated with wreaths and flowers, show
ered with compliments and congratu
lated as they had never been before.
Few of them perhaps ever thought of
the deep, 'serious interest with which
their every movement had been fol
lowed in the long dreary months of
danger and death in the Philippines.
Few perhaps realized until yesterday
that San Franciscans, independent of
ties of blood and friendship, felt an in
tense personal interest in the fortunes
of their soldiers, but the triumphal
march from the Presidio to the homes
of the city proved how deeply had been
impressed upon the minds of San Fran
ciscans the meaning of war when it is
brought to our every doors.
As every car passed from the reser
vation into the city it was cheered
j gladly on its way. Then the crowds
| broke up into little groups each taking
I its separate way to homes that had
] long been waiting in eager anticipation
I and with hope that trembled in fear of
every dispatch from the seat of war-.
Homes gayly adorned for the home
coming, glad, happy faces, aglow with
excitement and happiness told the story
of how California's soldiers passed
back to their plane of citzenship and
prepared to forget what of suffering
and trial they had endured in the ser
vice of their country.
Feasts we.re spread in every house
hold and there the returning veterans j
found the consummation' of what they!
had longed for so long, the reunion that j
the hazard of war made improbable, j
And in some homes there was sadness j
and silence. There was weeping for j
the cherished ones that did not come
home, for those that fell on distant bat- j
tie fields and sleep in far away cities j
of the dead. In the loud acclaims, the .
joyous welcome, the sights and sounds
of happiness that lllled the city there
were pangs of bitter grief for those
whose only pride is the dread one that j
an honored death can inspire.
As the afternoon wore on the soldiers
came again from their homes. They
had been the centers of admiring, ap
plauding coteries of friends, who had
broken into the home circle to inter
rupt its scenes with congratulations
and glad greetings. And then they
flocked to the main thoroughfares of
the city to congratulate each other, to
swell the burden of sound, to mingle
With the great masses Ol humanity
which surged through the streets and
accepted even the suspicion of an op
portunity to cheer and cheer again
Wherever a volunteer of California
appeared he was provocation for a dem.
onstration. It didn't make any differ
ence whether you knew him or not
somebody else, did, and that was
enough for a hearty greeting and well
wishes. All day long the crowds moved
through the streets of the city im.
pelled to catch the spirit of the day
and share its enthusiasm. Then as
twilight came a quiet spread over the
city. The throngs grew smaller and
smaller as the darkness came, until
San Francisco assumed something of
its normal aspect.
Everybody was prepared for the rev.
elry of the night. There was an inter
val of rest and then San Francisco
burst forth again in wild jubilation for
the return of her soldiers. Shortly be
fore 8 o'clock the city was the scene
of a transformation far more -brilliant
than any other in its history. Dark
ness had settled down over Market
street. The street lamps served little
more than to intensify the shadow?.
From every part of the town people
were hastening in eager anticipation
toward Market street. The cars were
black with people, whose destination
was the main avenue of the city.
Suddenly a stream of fire seemed to
start from the water front and waved
out Market street. Streamers of elec
tric lights flashed and glistened from
one end of the street to the other.
Thousands upon thousands there were
of them, illuminating the broad thor
oughfare block after block. It was a
spectacle of gorgeous light. In a mo
ment the watching throngs saw the
great ferry depot emergp from the
darkness a blazing tower of light. Out
lined against the sky was the splendid
dome of the City Hall glittering in
thousands of lights. San Francisco
had surpassed herself In doing honor
to her sons.
And then the babel of sounds was
resumed. It was without parallel. Peo
ple jostled and crowded in good natured
enthusiasm. Wherever a California
Volunteer showed himself there were
cheers and cheers again. . Horns,
whistles, bombs, noise producing instru
j ments of endless variety made a merry
din, and so it continued far Into the
night. The people of the city were glad
beyond ordinary means of expression
that their boys were back again, on
the streets of their own city and in the
homes that probably never will lose
'] them again through the fortunes o£
j war.
SCENES ALONG
LINE OF MARCH
Pathetic incidents marked the lons
journey from the ferry to the Presidio.
Mothers broke through the line to clasp
in loving embrace sons who had long been
absent, and others stood by with tearful
eyes and hands outstretched to give greet
ing to the passing heroes.
Down at the ferry an aged woman gayly
decorated with silk flaps stood, weeping
tears of bitter sorrow as the regiment
swung into Market street. She held in
her hand a bouquet of flowers, and she
tossed thorn one by one into the ranks as
the boys pasted by. They were intended
for her only son, in whose honor her lit
tle home on Sixteenth street was dec
orated.
The brave lad has been sleeping in the
little cemetery at Negros for over four
months, and his mother did not learn the
sad tidings of his death until she went
down to the ferry yesterday morning.
"You'll have to pet <uit of that line,
I madam." said a his. husky policeman to
a woman who was walking along East
street alongside one. of the boys. "Come,
madame, get out of here; this is no place
; for you," repeated the officer in com-
I manding tones, as he iaid his hands on
i the woman and tried to hustle her out of
the line.
"Say, dis is my mudder," retorted the
soldier in a rich south-of-the-slot accent;
"and she kin walk on any ground wot
.holds me. See?"
The policeman "saw," and* the woman
walked triumphantly with her son till
i they reached Market street, where the
i captain ordered her out of the line.
I Out at Van Ness avenue the boys of the
1 old First Regiment assembled to give
I the returning heroes a hearty welcome.
i High up on a pedestal they placed the
i ancient regimental bass drum, on which
| was lettered "First Regiment. N G C."
! As the California boys filed by the drum
! was fiercely beaten. It was a strange
i sound, and the passing heroes were at
-1 traded. Every man in the regiment
doffed his hat to the National Guard mea
an'l their drum aa they passed.
"Excuse me, eolon#l," said a woman t»
i Colonel Duboce when the line halted at
Van Ness avenue and Ellis street, "but my
name is Duboce, and I"ye been thinking
Btnce you've been away that you might
b( a relative." Colonel Duboce saluted the
woman in a chivalrous fashion and lis
tened to yards of family history that
dated back to the time of Noah.
Adjutant Curzons, known among the
officers of the regiment as the"ladies'
i man," was the hero of many incidents
' along the route. At every corner there
seemed to be a crowd of the fair sex
Home Again.— Get the Wasp's souvenir
of the California Volunteers' return.
Thirty-two pages of war pictures. For
eale at all newsdealers, 25 cents. •
"The Laborer is
Worthy of His Hire."
'But a <ZL>age-earner can earn more if he
has 'vigorous health. The blood is the
life-giving and strength-making part of the
system. If it is pure, all is ivell; if not, it
should be purified <with Hood's Sarsa-
parilla, which makes the iveak strong.GRAND. MILITARY PAGEANT OF WELCOME TO RETURNING HEROES
RISKED HER LIFE FOR
OUR BRAVE VOLUNTEERS
MISS A. J. GARLICK, WHO NURSED CALIFORNIANS.
THERE'S the little woman whose wonderful nursing made it possible for
many of up to bo here to-day. God bless her! 11
. f the Californlans, whose pallid apncarancp pave evidence that
S slowly recovering from a severe Ulnr-sp, pointed to a sweet-faced
woman who was busily eneagrd shaking hands and receiving kindly
smiles from the volunteers ils they marched into the banquet hall at the
terday morning.
1.. alluded to Mt?s Anna J. Garlick. the young lady who nursed the boys
back to health duriiiK th'ir absence from home. The sol'lirr said he was only
voieii - Ument of the entire regiment when he called her a ministering
Miss Garlick left this city on August 20, 1898, aa a volunteer nurse, repre
: : Cross Society. On her arrival she was chosen to minister to
lifornia sick, and that ber choice was a wipe on* is apparent from the
■ ports already received of her faithfulness and untiring energy.
Shortly after she joined the reeinvnt Major McCarthy, for whom Miss Gar
lick has the highest regard, introduced the regimental hospital, which was
mita. The success of this departure was such that other regiments
Mowed the example. Although the sickness in the regiment
f rorrl . to January was heavy, not one death was recorded. This
was prai tically due to the care given the boys by their faithful nurse. Miss
Garlick went with the regiment to Negros and had the distinction of being
:: the island. Whenever she started out to walk
Id star ■ h< r a How her.
ling told <if her two months' experience in the re
v Ha, th^ establishment of the tir-u hospital at NTegraa and
g features of her stay in the Philippines. She came here on
• Sherman and. judging from her appearance, is in splendid
health. It Is understood that a plan is on foot to reward her U<r her great
During her year's w>>rk she did not receive a penny, and If sue
would not accept anything, .1.~ her- services were given out of
Ltriotism.
waving flags and handkerchiefs at the
tin.
the Presidio, after the boys were as
signed to their terns. a gray-haired old
woman seari tied up and down the corn
king for her son. "This is
tent." Bald the popular Captain Tom
O'Neil "bin he is not here."
■•Think he is d.>wn getting hi? baggage.
-.1 in a. soldier who was standing
:• .ir by. . , ,
"Thanks," retorted the woman quickly.
anrl - : down to the foot of the.
where the baggage was being un
gaged in handling the truck
<J her eon's number, and he did not
m his mother," paid the old lady,
lly; "I'll take It." Before anybody
ffer to assist her the enthu
■ mother threw the haversack and
blankets over her shoulder and
p the heavy grade to the camp.
•■Have you seen my son?" asked Con
mpion bootblack, down at
• building yesterday morning.
the hospital. Mr. Lyons. They
last night," said a soldier.
and )us wife immediately called a
drove to the Presidio hospital and
ght the toy down to the ferry break
; ;iek time.
■•Wouldn't have my kid mis? that break
for a thousand dollars." Bald ('on,
triumphantly, as tho boy walked feebly
up the stairs to the banquet nave.
RECEPTION NOTES
Members of the Grand and subordinate I
councils of the Young Men's Institute are i
requested to assemble this evening at 7 j
o'clock at the headquarters, Pioneer
building, and proceed in a body to their
respective places in the line of the night |
P T?»elix>s Angeles delegation has perfect- !
r d arrangements for a full representation
in the parade this evening. All resident and
visiting LOS Angelenos and other Southern ;
Californians are expected to join in this
division. The delegation will visit the
members of Battery D in a body at the
Presidio at 2 o'clock this afternoon. The
committee requests that all Southern Cal- j
ifornians desiring to call on the battery
boys assemble this afternoon at ,1 clock
at the Tiburon ferry-room at the ferry
'Colonel Duboce and Chaplain Father
McKinnon were serenaded u-on their ar
rival at the Presidio by the League of the
! Iron band 6 under the leadership of Drum
M A iO H. ValUnd Henry. Payot donated a
Quantity of bunting and flaps to the
headquarters tent, and the contributions
were used to the very best advantage in
decorating. The work was done by Mrs.
j H dim. and Mrs. Henry Payot.
In the parade this evening there will be
four decorated carriages, In which w
ride the following named ladies, who will
renresent the Grand Parlor of the Native
Daughters; and the ladies who served on
the Native Sons' and Daughters' execu
tive committee: Mrs, Lena I.lke Mills,
junior past grand president: Mrs-. Cora B.
Slfford grand president; Mrs. Emma Gett,
crand vice president; Miss Eliza D Keith.
§rand treasurer, and Miss Harriet E. Lee.
erand trustee. Members of the executive
rommittee-Mrs. Mary E. Tillman. Mrs. C.
F ? Kapp? M iss F. yon Statden. Mrs. L de
linns Mrs C. A. Boldemann, Mrs Val ,
' rv" Miss N. Clark, Miss Katherine j
Rvan' Mrs! Ella Armstrong, Miss Mattle
r.rrN and Mrs E. Aigeltinger. Miss Ida
xtrvan president of the Native Daugh- j
ters' Red Cross Aid Society, will also par- j
' : T',';"Native Sons' and Daughters' grand!
BtiSd on City Hall avenue been i se
lected as the point from which Grand
Marshal Pistolesl will review the night I
Pa Mh?s e .1. Patterson, formerly a member
of Mizpah Circle of the Companions of the ,
Forest has been selected as the young
lady who on the float of the Foresters of
America will personate California crown
ing a returning hero with a wreath of
Advices received at the headquarters of j
the Foresters of America yesterday are
to the effect that more than three hun
dred members will come to the cltv to
day from the interior and will represent
the courts of Sacramento. Marysville, ;
Vallejo. Jackson, - Jamestown. Sonora, <
Redwood City and Santa Clara. The j
court from Sonora will bring down I
handsome banner.
All officers ami rm-mbers of the nid
Third Regiment N. (i. C. are requested
by Colonel Harry to assemble to-night at
the Page-street Armory to march to the
place assigned them i:i line. At the
armory those who arc to march with tne
old Third will be furnished distinctive
badges.
The tower of the Mark Hopkins Insti
tute of Art was a feature of the clty'f
electrical Illumination last night. The of
ficers of the Art Association had ar
ranged for the display as a surprise. The
outline of t lie entire tower was brought
out In relief by rows of Incandc
lights. The prominent position of the
building, high up on Nob Hill, made it m
object of admiration from all sections of
the city Crowds visited the Institute
during the evening to get a panoramic
view of the city's electrical display.
MUSIC IN THE
FERRY DEPOT
The concert in the beautifully decorated
grand nave which excited so many favor
able comments last Thursday night waa
repeated last night by the hand of the
United States training ship Pensacola.
Thousands of visitors thronged the ■ a I
corridor, and besides admiring the beauti
ful electrical decorations they were re
galed with some tine musical selections.
The ha nd Is composed of the following
musician.- :
E. Gianettl, bandmaster; E. Staunton,
chief musician; T. J. Kennedy, solo cor
net; W. Whitney, first cornet; ( '. c
Dragovltch, second cornet: < \ Barney
first alto: H. Nickllck, second alto; j Da
vis, third alto; H. Staunton. piccolo; M
Walton. E-flat clarionet; K. Stelnwald,
first IJ-flat clarionet; F. Giesler. second B
flat clarionet; K. Ruffus. third B-flat clar
ionet; W. Brandt, barytone; \v. Hullard,
first trombom , H. Chappuy, second trom
bone; H. Heidknapper, drums and tym
pani.
Assistant Thief Wharfinger George IT. S
Dryden, through whose efforts the band
has been engaged, is endeavoring to ar
range for the same band to give a string
orchestra concert, as the members ar>- ...
proficient with string instruments as they
are with th.- brass. The date of the con
cert will be announced later.
ECHOES OF THE
MARINE PARADE
• The main topic <->f conversation along
the water front yesterday was the mag
nificent day and night display on the bay in
honor of the returning volunteers. It was
the consensus of opinion among shipping
men that no sYich exhibition has ever been
witnessed anywhere, and Commodore
Bpreckels was the recipient of numerous
compliments fur th<> consummate skill
with which he supervised the water pa
r;ul<-. It was entirely owing to his able
management that tho proceedings went
off without a single accident, and the fact
is noteworthy.
Harbor Commissioners Kilburn, HeroW
and Harney. Secretary English. Chief
Wharfinger Henderson and his assistant,
Of-orge. Dryden, performed yeoman service
in connection with the celebration, and
too much praise cannot be accorded to
them and to Al Pryor of Piper, Aden &
Goodall, whose arrangements for the
"Night on 'Krisco Bay" were such an un
qualified success.
All the gentlemen named rested on their
laurels yesterday, and congratulations
poured in upon them by mall, telephone
and word of mouth, to all of which they
responded with their native modesty.
< "ommissloniT Harold, when asked how
much money would be turned over to the :
executive committee as proceeds from the
excursion boats, replied that a conserv
ative estimate would be between J2OOO and
$3000, and he would not be surprised if the
latter sum would be exceeded.
"v 1 1 the returns are not yet In," said
Mr Herold, "but we anticipate that all
the tickets have been Bold. There were
about 6000 tickets printed, so the sum may
be easily calculated.
"The Harbor Commissioners, In whose
hands the bay display was placed, are
jubilant at the outcome, and they desire
to express their thanks and grateful ap
preciation fo all the shipping men who so
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 26, 1899.
f generously donated their vessels for the
good cause. It meant thousands of dol
: lnrs* loss to them, but they cheerfully
i turned over the boats and. not satisfied
1 with that, contributed their time and
money to make th,e undertaking the cmi
i nent success that it was.
"The first impression of the royal wel
come which the returning California vol
unteers received was undoubtedly a pleas
urable one. and was but a forerunner of
the elaborate programme to follow, which
has earned for San Francisco an enviable
reputation for patriotic hospitality."
MONEY STILL
POURING IN
The contributions to the California Vol
unteer reception fund are still coming: in,
and at the meeting of the executive coun
! cil of the finance committee It was an
: nounced that $960 25 had been received dur
ing the day, making the grand total of
! $59.91.6.
The return from the excursion boats
placed at the disposal of the Harbor Com
missioners for the marine parade are not
: yet in. but it is expected that over $3000
i will be received from that source.
Following are the subscriptions received
yesterday:
Previously reported. $58,955 75.
Bank of British North America. $100: Fire
man's Fund and Home Mutual Insurance Com
pany $100; citizens of Berkeley (In part), $62 25;
janitors City Hall. $41 50; the Hleks-Judd Com
pany. $25; Charles M. Plum & Co. (upholstery
department). $25; San Francisco Laundry As
sociation. 125: J. B. Reinstein, $25; London and
Lancashire Fire Insurance * Company. $25;
Aachen and Munich and Hanover Fire Insur
ance Company. $25; HamburK-Bremen Fire In
surance Company, $25: Royal and Queen Fire
Insurance Company. $23: Liverpool and Ten
don and Globe Insurance Company, $25; Hart-
ford Fire Insurance Company. $25: Thurinela
; Insurance Company, $25; Atlas Assurance Com
-1 pany. $25; Aetna Insurance Company, J2»; Ger
man-American Insurance Company, 12 ■■>: Na
tional and Springfield Insurance Company, 5-_>:
North German Fire Insurance Company. *-■•:
, Fire Association. $25; Union and Law l.nlon
I and Crown Insurance Company. $25; R al
Exchange and Orient Insurance Company, $..>:
Phoenix of Hartford Insurance Company, $25;
cash $"• O. W. Emmons A Co.. *20; Shea
Ca Cheon Ye.- Hong Ben Society, $20; Judge
Graham and attaches of Police Court No. 3.
116; Lion and Ini[*riar Insurance Company.
$15- \ ii V W. Association. $11 50: l^ne
Syrup Refining Company. $10: Th- F. Thomas
J'nrisian Dyeing and Cleaning' \\..rks, $10;
North HritiMi and Mercantile Insurance Com
t-any no Providence-Washnlfton Insurance
Company 51"; H. J. Solomon, $6; First-street
t.ran. l! i"nl"ti Iron Works employes. IS; Conk
!ln Bio?.. 5-' 30; Sydney M. Vanwyck Jr.. $2 50.
Total to date, $T>9;9lfi.
SOLDIERS WILL
BE TAKEN HOME
Most of the Eastern states -which nave
troops at the Presidio or soldiers who are
to be mustered out here are taking steps
to provide them with transportation to
their homes. In response to telegrams
sent by the Mayor at the reques' of the
Red Cross Society, asking their attitude
In the matter, the Governors of several of
the States have wired as follows:
Bismarck North Dakota— Adjutant genera] of
this State on his way to California with In
structions to assist and care for our sick vol
untrvrs — S. J. Fancher, Governor.
Lincoln Kebraaka- discharged First Ne
braska men will have free transportation to
Nebraska for next sixty days.— A. I'oyn
ter. Gevrrnor.
South Dakota Nothing definite. Decided we
will pay transportation for all if for any. All
tryinp to raise the money. Andrew E. Lee,
Governor.
Wvr.mlne— Will transport honorably dis
charged invalid Wyoming soldiers home with
battalion free — D. L. Richards, Governor.
Idaho— Governor SteunenberK is in San
Francisco at Grand Hotel seeking for Informa
tion. — Claude P. Evans, executive secretary.
EMPLOYERS ARE
ASKED TO HELP
Members of the committee appointed to
secure employment tor the returned sol
diers are making considerable headway
and are most encouraged by the outlook.
Yesterday Miss Malley and three assist
ants were busy sending out the following
circular to the employers throughout the
city and State: ,
The underpinned 'committee have been ap
pointed to secure employment for the members
of the First California Regiment and the
California Heavy Artillery now returning from
the Philippine*.
We address you as an employer, and ask you
If you cannot lend us some assistance. The
men who have foupht in the war must be
cared for in time of peace.
If you have any vacancy in your estab
lishment or can find employment for any man,
kindly address the secretary of the employ
ment committee, headquarters tent. Union
Square, inserting the character of employment
and the "waßes attached. Very sincerely, A.
M. Lawrence (chairman), Rev. Dr. Voorsan
ger, A. H. Vail. Captain C. Nelson. Arthur
Kodgera, Robert J. Moore. A/thur L. Whitney,
Bruce Bonny, Llppmann Sachs, Otto L Wise,
W. S. Hochstadter. Charles. \j. Field, W. S.
Davis, C. H. Benedict.
The committee calculates to visit the
camp of the Callfornians during the early
part of next week to complete the data
upon which they hope to secure for the
volunteers the positions they gave up
when they enlisted in the service of Uncle
Sam.
CAVALRY MAY
ASSIST POLICE
If Chief Lees will accept of assistance
In handling the crowd which will unques
tionably line Market street this evening
the executive committee will request Ma
jor General Shatter to order out several
companies of the regulars to do police
duty. Cavalry companies will be pre
ferred. It Is believed that they can do
more effective work toward managing the
crowd than the police, and besides the lat
ter admit that they will be unable to cope
with the throngs. General Shafter has
expressed a willingness to comply with
the request if the Chief will accept of his
services.
THE STARTER OF
THE RECEPTION
All great undertakings have a begin
ning, and the one which for weeks has
occupied the attention of this city and
State — the proper reception of the re
turned California Regiment— had its be
ginning: In the Mission district. On the
night of the 27th of last February, at a
meeting of Mission Parlor No. 38 of the
Native Sons of the Golden West, Frank
THEATERS
OPEN LATE
TO-NIGHT
ON account of the big parade
to-night the managers of the
Columbia, Orpheum, Tivoli,
Alcazar and California thea
ters have decided to hold their cur
tains until 9 o'clock, thus allowing
their patrons to view the great
demonstration without missing any
of the performance.
The Grand Opera-house and
Chutes will not open at all, but
. the Grand will give a special mati
nee on Sunday in lieu of the evei*
ing opera.
IT Mills, past president of that parlor
offered a suggestion that something ought
to be done by the Native Sons to receive
the First California Volunteers upon their
return to this city, whenever that might
be in a manner worthy of that order, tc
show that the regiment that had in Its
ranks so ninny natives of the State hat
the hearty appreciation of those who re
mained behind and gloried in their
achievements On his motion the parloi
annolnted n committee to take preliminary
action in the matter, and it was also de
cided to invite all the local parlors to ap
pnint a like rnmmittoe to consider th*
proposition. From that nvrtinp sprang
Mi. greal project which culminated in all
the citizens of San FraHcisco and many
of the localities outside of thecity j unit-
Ing in the grandest event in th.> lin* of
receptions in the history of San Francisco,
[n recognition of the faci that Mr. Mills
W!l s the prim- mover In the matter whon
tho local parlors and :hr parlors of the
Native Daughters decided t. ; -arry ""t
the Idea he was elected president of tne
Joint committee oi the two orders.
E. P. VINING
IS SARCASTIC
In his anxiety to avoid any possible
1 hitch in the arrangements for the big
parade which is to take place in honor of
the California volunteers to-nipht Grand
Marshal Pistoles! has unconsciously tread
on the pel corn of General Manager Yin-
Ing of the Market-treet railway system.
In pursuance of his duties in perfecting
these arrangements Mr. Pistoles! on
Thursday addressed the following letter
to Mr. Vining:
SAN FRANCISCO, AUK. 24. 1599
Mr F V Vtninc Wella-Fargo Huildinß. * It}
—Dear. Sir: The Citizens' Executive Commlt
tee together with this committee, have invited
the" oftlc.rs and crew of the U. S. S. lowa to
participate in the l night parade. ...faunas
Mayor I'h.lan has suggested, and in fact has
said thai he would -- to it that they were
iccor.ie T the use of three streetcars to trans
port them from the foot of Sacramento street
to lack.son and Octavia Btreetß. the cars mto
leave the foot of Sacramento street at .:io
'' v.v would like to know whether you would
consent 0 such an arrangement. \\ '' are v<J| ' y
de.iroui to have t offlcerß'and their crew
,,..,,,.. In thf parade, and therefore are
M£"iou« that they have the desired transporta
■ tion An early reply will greatly oblige.
: Yours very respectfully. Grand Marahal.
L. c. PISTOLESI. Grand Marshal.
■to this communication the following
sarcastic answer was received at tha
headquarters of the parade committee in
the Palace Hotel last night:
SUBJECT. SPECIAL. CARS FOR IOWA
CREW.
BAN FRANCISCO. Auk. 2.",, 1599.
Mr 1j C I'istolesi, Grand Marshal Joint Re
ception Committee. Room 6. California Hotel-
Dear sir We are somewhat surprised to learn
from your favor of yesterday that the gentle
men who have kindly volunteered to attend to
the expenditure of the funds raised by the citi
zens of San Francisco for the reception of the
returning California troops are willing to ac
cept so small a contribution from the Mar
ket-street Railway Company as that made by
□lacing three special cars at their service for
the transportation of the officers and crew of
the r S s lowa. We shall, however, take
Pleasure in furnishing three -pedal cars tor the
free transportation of said Officers and crew
from the foot of Sacramento street to the cor
ner of Jackson and Octavia streets, same to
leave precisely at 7:15 p. m.. the hour named in
' Permit toe to call attention to the fact that
the cars cannot be. detained at that point With'
out stopping other cars upon the line and
thereby detaining and Inconveniencing our citi
zens who desire to travel therein. I would,
therefore respectfully request that arrange
ments be mnde which will Insure that the
cars start promptly at the designated minute,
or If it is found thatUhe time stated is either
too early or too late, I would request that you
kindly give me notice not later than 11 o'clock
to-morrow morning as to the exact minute
that would be convenient. Yours sincerely.
E. P. VININO, General Manager.
As soon as the committee had partially
recovered from the shock this unlooked
for reply to what was considered a simple
request of convenience had given them
this reply was dictated to the street rail
way manager, which it is hoped will dis
abuse his mind of the idea that charity is
either asked or expected:
SAN FRANCISCO. Aug. 25. 1593.
E. P Vlning Esq., General .Manager Market
street Railway Company. Wells, Fargo & Co.'s
Building City— Dear Sir: Yours of the 25th
inst received and in reply thereto wish to in
form you that the officers and crew of the
U. S. S lowa will he op hand promptly at 7:15
p. m at the foot of Sacramento street In order
to be conveyed from that point to the corner
of Jackson and Octavia streets, and I shall
have someone present at the time who will
pay the fares of these men, as I had no Idea
of obtaining free transportation for said offl
cere and crew, and can find nothing in my
letter of application to you which would indi
cate that free transportation was asked for.
Very respectfully.
L. C. VISTOLKPI. Grand Marshal.
To Banquet State Legislators.
The San Francisco delegation of the
State Legislature will give a banquet at
Frank's restaurant, 419 Pine street, at 2
p. m. to-day to the visiting members of
that body from the Interior exclusively.
The headquarters of the delegation at the
Lick House will be turned over to the
•wives of visiting members as a vantage
ground to view the procession this even
ing. -
To Welcome Idaho Volunteers
Preparations to receive the Idaho volun
teers when they arrive here from Manila
will ht- immediately commenced, and Ad
jutant General Weaver has Issued the 10l
lowing call to all residues of Idaho who
are at present in this city:
•"All citizens 01 Idaho who are in this
city for the purpose of greeting the Idaho
volunteers upon their arrival in San Fran
cisco are requested to be at the parlors of
the Grand Hotel this afternoon at 2
o'clock sharp. J. L. WEAVER.
"Adjutant General of Idaho.
TRAIN AND BOAT
WILL RUN LATE
The Southern Pacific Railroad Company
announces that there will be a special
train to-night, connecting with the 11:25
boat from this city, running through to
Martinez. eonnectinEr with ferry boats for
Vallejo l'"rt Costa jhi«l Benicia,
The narrow-gauge line will run boats
every half hour up to 1 2 : 1 r» a. m., ronnect
inp with trains for Oakland and Alameda.
If the occasion demands, additional boats
will be put on.
The, California and Northwestern will
connect with a boat leaving the Tiburon
ferry at n ::>'O p. m.
The North Pacific will run a special to
Mill Vaii' \ and to San Rafael, connecting
with a boat leaving at 12:30 a. m.
A Boy Injured.
Edward Putzbaucr, aped S years, fell
from the stand nt Market street and city
Hall avenue last evening and sustained a
possible fracture of the skull. !!•■ was
taken to the Ucceiving; Hospital, where
he was temporarily treated. Shortly
afterward his father had the injured boy
removed to his home at 313$ Sixteenth
Btrei t.
Her Collarbone Broken.
Frev;i Naumann, a?e<i is years, living
at 17 McLea court, while mingling with
the crowd on Market street last evening
i was knocked down and her collarbone
I broken. She was removed to the Receiv
ing Hospital, where the Injured member
j was set by Dr. Dray.
Injured on Market Street.
While viewing the parade Mrs. Jacobs;
! who lives at 1318% Guerrero street, was
i struck on the head by n piano stool that
! fell from a fire escape in front of a
I building at 7(8 Market street. She was
knocked senseless, but soon recovered and
was removed to her home.
SACRAMENTANS COMING.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 25.— Saturday will
virtually be a holiday in Sacramento.
Mayor Land has ordered all city offices
closed, the wholesale merchants, real es
tate firms, banks, etc., will close, and In
addition to the crowds already gone from
here many hundred people will go to San
Francisco in the morning to witness the
great demonstration to-morrow night.
Association of Horsemen.
NEW YORK, Aug. 25. — A committee
i of horsemen met to-day to form a set
iof by-laws and constitution for the
new American Association of breeders
|of thoroughbred horses. The associa
tion was partly organized in June last
! and a committee was appointed to
I formulate by-laws and a constitution.
i Among the gentlemen interested are:
! E. S. Clay, L. O. Appleby of Shrews
i bury, N. J. ; M. W. Williams, T. J. Car
son. General "W. H. Jackson of the
Belle Mead Farm, Kentucky; J. B.
Haggin, August Belmont, Willian Hen
drie, Milton Young and O. H. Chenault.
The first named five gentlemen form
the committee, on laws and constitu
tion.
COLORADO PRISONER IS
THE FAMOUS BLACK JACK
Arizona Authorities Make Applica
cation to Have Him Returned
to That State.
JEROME, Ariz., Aug. 25.— The man
who held up the express train on the
Union Pacific on the 17th. and was cap
tured at Trinidad. Colo., has been iden
tified by the officers of Yavapal County
as the Camp Verde murderer and a
requisition was made to-day for his re
turn to Arizona. The accused proves
to be the notorious Black Jack, and is
now in the hands of the United States
officers at Santa Fe, N. M. When cap
tured Black Jack had the hand-made
purse. 45 Colt's revolver, saddle and
blanket described minutely by those at
the scene of the crime. The oflieials
Btate that the identification is firmly
established.
The murder for which Black Jack is
wanted here is one of the most atro
cious crimes known in the history of
th^ Territory. On July 2. R. M. Rod
gers and Clinton Winsfield were shot
and instantly killed while an attempt
was being made to rob their store at
Camp Verde. Since then Sheriff Munds
and posse with bloodhounds have been
on the trail which led into New Mexico
and through to Colorado.
— • —
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Postoffice and Army Changes, Land
Office Decisions and List of
Pensions Granted.
WASHINGTON, Ant?. 25.— 1t is rumnrM
about the Postoffice Department that Gen
eral John R. Mathewa, Postmaster at
Ixis Angeles, is to resign. Among those
spoken of as his successor is Judge Lewis
A. Graff, formerly of Nebraska and for
mer Commlsdioner of the Land Office un
der President Harrison. H. J. Shoulters,
Mott H. Flint and F. B. Creesy are also
mentioned.
The Postoffiee Department has ap
pointed the following carriers at Vallejo:
Alonzo C. Winans, Daniel Brosnahan,
Horace D. Alfonl, Levi C. Mallett and
Walter J. Stockford, substitute carriers.
The Postmaster at San Francisco has
been directed to furnish transportation to
Philadelphia for Hamilton Greyson, the
postal clerk who arrived on the Sherman.
The Supervising Architect of the Treas
ury has accepted the bid of McPhee & Co.,
San Francisco, for stonework on the Mint
building.
The postal service between Loope and
Markleeville, Alpine County, will be dis
continued after September 30.
Army orders: First Lieutenant George
H. Estes Jr., Twentieth Infantry, will
proceed to San Francisco and report in
person to the commanding general of the
Department of California for assignment
to duty with recruits.
By direction of the acting Secretary of
War Major Edward B. Moseley. surgeon,
is relieved from further duty at the Pre
sidio, San Francisco, and will proceed to
the Philippine Islands.
Major Tra C. Brown, surgeon. Is relieved
from further duty in the division Cuba
and will proceed to San Francisco and
report to the commanding general of tho
Department of California for assignment
to duty. „
Telegraphic instructions directing the
discharge from the service. San Francis
co, of Private Albert J. Stone are hereby
confirmed. The discharge from the service
of Private Wtllinm H. Hogue, Company
F, First California, under general in
structions from this office is hereby con
firmed. The discharge from the service
of Sergeant Stewart P. Elliott. Battery
A. California Volunteer Artillery. Is here
by confirmed. Private Walter T. Bivins,
Battery I. Sixth Artillery, now at tho
Presidio, San Francisco, Is transferred to
the hospital corps as private. Recruit
Rush Burgess, general Bervice, ramp of
recruits, Presidio, San Francisco, has been,
discharged. Private Andrew B. Cresap,
hospital corps, now ;it Fort Sam Houston,
is detailed as acting hospital steward. Ho
will be sent to San Francisco. First-class
Private Bennie Hawk, signal corps. Angel
Island. CaL, having enlisted unaer false
pretenses, will be discharged without
honor from the service.
The following named enlisted men now
at stations designated will be discharged
the Bervice of the United States: Private
Linton H. Wruy. Battery I. Sixth Artil
lery. Honolulu; Private Frederick Stock
man. Company L, Twenty-second In
fantry. Philippine Islands; Recruit James
M. Early, Third Cavalry; Recruit John
P. Jacobs, Sixteenth Infantry; Recruit
Jam*s Burk. Twentieth Infantry: Recruit
Sidney L. Joiner. Twenty-first Infantry;
Rei ruits William Con way, Warren T,.
Dull. Joseph McCoy. Fred Nelson. Philip
Vincelette, Thomas Carlson. James Fitz
patrick, James w. Weller and Frank 1,.
Rieckenberg. general service. Presidio,
San Francisco.
Pensions: California— Original: Albert
\Y Coffey, San Lucas. $6; Isaac Boyer,
Palms. $8; Peter Johannson. San Fran
cisco. JtS; Daniel C. Milan. Riverside, $S:
Charles K. Bykas, Snn Francisco, SH; Lo
rencio R. Heitler, San Francisco. ?•>. Re
issue—William H. Hughes, San Francisco,
$IM. Original widows, etc — Sarah A.
• 'hurohill. Los Angeles, ?*: special. August
I.V Elizabeth G. Smith. Los Angeles. $8.
Oregon: Original— Robert McLeen,
Grants Pass, $8. Original wi<lows, etc.—
Rachael R Sylvester. Albany. $8.
Washington: Original— WTTliana C Farn
han dead. Tacoma, $2: Rnymond Gee,
Reardon $0: George B, McCollum, Clover,
$6; Orlenzo Gardner. North Yakima, $6.
Fraternity Men Meet.
CHJCAGO, Ar.p. 25.— The thirty-fifth an
nual convention of the Delta Tau Delta
fraternity closfd here to-day with the
election of the following officers: Presi
dent. Rev. Edwin H. Hughes. Boston:
secretary, Henry T. Bruck, Mount Sav
age, M<l.; treasure*, Alvin B. Duer. Phila
delpbia: ritualist, F. C. Hodgdon. New
York editor of official orpin. Frank F.
Rogers. Leland Stanford University.
Died in His Cabin.
REDDING. Aug. 2."'— Heinrieh Tohoff, a
miner, better known as "Dutch Henry,"
was found dead Friday in his cabin near
th> Mount Shasta Mine, about ten miles
from this city. Coroner Greene has lefc
for the scene. Death is believed to have
been due to natural causes. The deceased
was a well known am) popular miner. Ho
was a native of Germany, unmarried, and
about B8 years of age.
MISCELLANEOUS.
DEAFNESS CURED.
EYE DISEASE CURED.
THROAT DISEASE CURED.
Three Remarkable Cares Effected
Within Ten Days by Dr. Aborn, the
Successful eye, Ear, Head, Throat
and lung Specialist, 554 Sutter St.
SAN FRANCISCO, Aur. 24. 1599.
THIS IS TO CERTIFY that I had
been afflicted with my head and
throat, with cough and expectoration; my
throat was so sore and inflamed that I
couUl scarcely swallow. I became alarmed
of my condition and came to San Fran-
cisco to consult Dr. Aborn, at 554 Suttet
street, and placed myself under his treat-
ment, and to my agTeeabie surprise ha
gave me instant relief, and now, after two
weeks' treatment, I am entirely relieved
of all my illness, my voice is fully re-
stored and I can eat and swallow as well
as I ever could. When I first applied to
Dr. Aborn I could scarcely speak above
a whisper. I am a miner, and leave to-
morrow for home.
JOHN' WEHRLI,
Gambetta Jfininc and Milling Company,
Grub Gulch, Raymond, CaL
SAN FRANCISCO. Aug. 25, 1899.
TO THE PUBLIC: It gives me pleasure
to make this public announcement that I
have had my hearing restored in three
days' treatment with Dr. Aborn, 554 Sutter
street. I had been deaf in one ear for
over two years; could not hear the tick-
ing of a watch. I <an now hear a watch
tick two or three fret from my ear.
ALBERT OABRIKLSON.
162 Tehama street.
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 25, 1599.
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN: I wish
to state for the benefit of the afflicted
that 1 had been suffering for over twenty
years with inflamed and granulated eye-
lids. Tried several doctors without re-
lief 1 applied to Dr. Aborn, 554 Sutter
street who gave me instant relief, and
now, after ten clays' treatment, I consider
myself about well.
3 FRANK J. GASKIN,
3516 Sixteenth street.
DR. ABORN, 554 Sutter street, is daily
effecting some remarkable cures. Many
cases are relieved instantly after having
been afflicted for years.
Hours— lo to 12 and 2to 4; evenings, ?
to 8.
34
"" *■* • .... ■ ■ . . - . ..-,,-. . . ....... — ..........
AFTER THE BOYS WENT INTO CAMP.
PRESIDENT AT
LONG BRANCH
Accorded Honors by the
Citizens.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONG BRANCH, N. .T.. Aug. 2.">.—Presi
dent and Mrs. McKinley, Vice President
and Mrs. Hobart, Garret A. Hobart Jr.,
Attorney General Griggs, Dr. and Mrs.
Rlxey, Private Secretory Cortelyou and
Executive Clerk Barnes arrived here this
morning- at 7:45 o'clock from Plattsburg
on a special train of four palace cars. As
the train draw into the station the Presi
dential salute was tired by Wilson Bat
tery, N. G. N. v., and a detachment of
Troop C of Brooklyn presented arms. The
President was greeted with enthusiasm as
he emerged from the car and assisted Mrs.
McKinley to alight. President and Mrs.
McKinley looked in excellent health and
bowed their acknowledgments repeatedly
in the great crowd as they were escorted
to their carriage by the reception com
mittee and driven to Vice President Ho
bart's cottage, Normanhurst, at Norwood
Park.
At Norwood a preat crowd gathered,
which received the President and Mrs.
McKinley with great enthusiasm. At 10
o'clock the reception committee and offi
cers of Troops C, Brooklyn, and the Sec
ond Battery of New York drove over to
Normanhurst in six carriages and formally
welcomed the President to Long Branch.
Miles O'Brien introduced the members of
the delegation to the President, who ex
changed a tew words with each one pre
pnnted. Rufus Blodgett welcomed the
President on behalf of the pople of Long
Branch.
A public reception was also tendered the
President to-night, which the President
declined. The President said: ,
I thank the committee and citizens on behalf
or Mrs. McKinleJ and myself for their courte
plrs and arty welcome. I cannot say Just
now what nay i lam >!:•■ for to-day, but Jtev. a
.1. Price of Ocean Grove has a promise from
me to ■ i.-it that unique stronghold of Metho
dlßin. 1 feel, however, I am bound by the de
klips of tho Lour Ftranch citizens, an their In
vitation was the tirst. I have wished for a
long time to pay this visit, as I was fascinated
ty the BUrroundlngß of Long Branch when I
first vlsito'l I-. this vicinity twelve years ago.
Rev. Price, ■ dean of the Ocean Grove
.summer school of theology, called on the
President .and extruded the formal invi
tation, from the citizens and trustees of
Ocean Grove. The President said 'he would
.De at Ocean Grove at 2 lock. The Pres
ident, accompanied" by Mrs. McKinley and
Mrs". Hdbart, subsequently drove- to the
iron pier to witness the arrival of the
Scorpion. As the carriage peached Hie
pier the trim little gunboat Dropped an
chor and Bred the President's salute. The
President took a short drive along Ocean
avenue and returned later to Norman
hurst for luncheon.
Everywhere the President was greeted
with cheers; handclnpping and waving of
Pears'
Get one cake
of it.
Nobody ever
stops at a cake.
handkerchiefs. Secretary of the Interioi
Hitchcock ieft the train at Jersey City,
President McKinley and his pan
escorted .back to Long Branch fr< n
•- Troop C of I trooklyn a n<i at 5
o'clock President and Mrs. McKinley,
\ - . President and Mrs. Hobart drove to
thi Horse Show K r ' unds t" the tourney.
The crowd, which was very large, ten
dered the Presidential party ;; Cna-utau-
Jute a.s they were escorted to tlv
grand stand. The President arrived in
time to witness i?ie much rfdlng, hurdle
jumping and mounted gyrai asti< '■ thf
s of.Troryip i Hi k a lively in
terest and applauded frequently. Th*
lent and (.any left Hie grounds at
i' c lock.
RAILWAY PROPERTY
BEFORE THE COURTS
Allegations Mnde in a Suit That
Mortgage Bonds Take Prece
dence Over a Mortgage.
PORTLAND. Or., Aug. 26.— Judge Gil
bert. In the United States Circuit Couft,
to-day heard argument on a case involv
ing the title to the property <>( the Coeur
d'Alene Railway and Navigation Com
pany in Idaho.
In 1886 this company entered Into a con
tract with <in<- Spaulding by which in
was to construct a certain line ••', railroad,
■ lire the payment for which two
mort^a^es wrr" executed. These were
foreclosed by In 1^ V 7 and
and judgment rendered in his favor And
a receiver <if the property appointed. The
property was ordered sold, but in ihe
meantime the Northern Pacific Railway
Company laid claim to the road as the
purchaser of the mortgage bonds of the.
luad. and asserted that Its claim wae prior
to that of SpauldinK- Thr- State court of
Idaho decided against the Northern I'u.
ciflc, hut the matter was taken to the
L*nlted States Court.
Judge Gilbert announced that h« would
render a decision to-morrow or Monday.
DECLARES THAT ANARCHY
PREVAILS AT MANILA
Correspondent Also Reports That the
Filipinos Have Murdered the
Crew of the Saturnus.
LONDON, Aug. 25. The La Hnan corre
spondent of the Reuter Telegram Com
pany cables that reliable i>"ws received
there direct from Manila says that an In
■ bable state ol ai archy prevails. The
Americans, according to these advices, oc
cupy a radius of mteen miles there;
around the town of Iloilo they occupy a
radii..: of nine- mile*, and around Cebu
they necupy a small radius. 'I'lie rest of
the country, it Is added, Is In the hands
of the Filipinos.
The correspundent aisn say? it is report
ed the. Filipinos have murdered the crew
of the steamer Saturnus.
The Saturnus. of the Company Mari-
Uma, coasting under the American tlas,
wa> beached und,er th« Insurgem trenches
at San Fernando and burned August 2.
STRIKE AT FRESNO.
Employes of the Plume and Irri
gating Company Walk Out.
FRESNO. A,;;- 26. At noon to-day th<?
employes of the Fresno Flumo and Irri
gating Company, numbering over 100 men
w.i.t out on a Htriko after the corporation
had refused to accede to their demands
fur a 10 per cent Increase In wages and
Bborter hours of work.
The plant of the company at Clovla was
closed this afternoon ana the rmn de
clared that not a wheel would be turned
until their demands were met.
A meeting of the employes mi held this
afternoon, at which the officials of the
company were present. They accedeil to
the demands of the men, but only on con
dition that no changes should be "made un
til September 1. The mon wanted the
changes to go into effect immediately but
the officials refused :uj.l the strike was or
dered. Late to-night another meeting of
the men was held and the situation wai
again discussed. The result was that
they agreed to go back to work in the
morning.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 26, 18^9.
Pioneer Dies Suddenly
SALINAS, Auk. 25. Anton (iiclinp. one
of the early pioneers of California as well
a? an early resident of this county, died
suddenly at his home at Blanco, about
miles West of thlfl city, to-day. De
■ ; wa> born In Baden, Germany, In
1816. He came to America when he was
14 yens old and to California In 1847. He
has resided in this valley for over thirty
years. !!•■ was once very wealthy, but
met with reverses.
AN UNTIRING WORKER'S
EFFORTS WERE CROWNED
* ■ •*
* MRS. RUSSELL BASSETT, WHO HELPED ENTERTAIN *
OUR BOYS. *
MRS B.UBSELL BASSETT did yeoman service as a member of the *
Parents' and Relatives' Association, which tendered such a brilliant ¥
r ption to the Kirst California Regiment and Batteries A and D, *
California Heavy Artillery, yesterday morning. The lady is com- *
pletely fagged out as ■ result of her unceasing efforts to make the •¥■
affair a su cess, but piuckiiy states that she would do it again for the pleaa- *
ure of .seeing the boys in blue made happy.
The beautiful decorations seen In the banquet hall were planned and ex- £
ecuted by Mrs. Bassett and a lew other members of the decoration commit- J
tee. In her efforts to see that everything went off without a hitch she J
worked early and late superintending things, answering innumerable lnquir-
ies from the country and visiting merchants with a view to' securing their aid. _^
That she wai successful was evidenced by the a -^earance of the interior
of the breakfast room. Her efforts were highly appreciated by the mem- _^
bers r>f the association and although she is fatigued she is contented.
Mrs. Bassett Is the sister of Captain Thomas Spnrrow and Corporal W.
<;. Sparrow of Company G. With her other sisters she gave the long absent
members of the family a glorious welcome. +
SESSION OF THE
PEACE SOCIETY
Three Thousand Peo
ple Attend.
STRONG SPEECHES MADE
SEVERE DENUNCIATION OF
THEODORE ROOSEVELT.
In His Address the Presiding Officer
Spares Neither President Me-
Kinley Nor Admiral
Dewey.
Special Dispatch to The fall.
MYSTIC. Conn., Aug. 25.-Fully 3000 peo
ple attended the annual meeting of the
Universal Peace Union and the Connec
ticut Peace Society in the peace temple
here to-day. At the morning session Pres
ident Love delivered a brief address on
the Philippine situation. Other addresses
were made by J. H. Earl of Boston, Mrs.
Comegys of Philadelphia and Mrs. Han
nah White of Lebanon. At this after
noon's session the prlcipal address was by
William Lloyd Garrison of Philadelphia,
who took for his theme "No Compromise
With War." Mr. Garrison spoke in part
as follows:
A year ago when, in the interest of peace, we
met upon this spot the war with Spain was In
full blast. Then In the national eye a Spaniard
was the type Of treachery and oppression, and
the Borrows of the suffering Cubans filled our
hearts.
What space twelve months covers. The Span
lard Is no longer a monster, but respected as
a brave and gallant foe. The Cubans, then
patriots and statesmen, now, In the opinion of
military experts and politicians, are people In
capable of governing themselves. A war with
the device Of freedom and chivalry on Its ban
ner has developed into a conflict for conquest
and baseness.
At The Hague the conclave of the great pow
ers was each eagerly engaged- In plundering
schemes of its own.
Is It strange that the International congress
failed? It Is not the armed savagery of the
Philippines that threatens America, but the
savagery that Theodore Roosevelt represents.
Had President McKlnley, understanding the
needleßsness and iniquity of the war forced
upon Spain, vetoed the declaration of Congress
•and avowed his purpose of resigning his high
office rather than to prostitute It by subservi
ence to wrong, he would have made a niche in
the world's pantheon. Had John D. Long, a
man .of finer quality than the President and In
touch w'.th the nobler sentiments which make
his commonwealth exceptional, paraphrasing
the Indignant response of Charles Sumner in
fugitive slave days. "I was a man before I was
a (slave) commissioner," declared . Massachu
' setts manhood more precious than ; the Secre
taryship of the Navy, and surrendered his port
folio, he would have occupied a place In her
love and respect now forever lost.
Had Admiral Dewey. the one man who In
military life, who after distinguishing himself
in hl!> destructive profession, refrained from
self-laudatton hnd Admiral Dewey." in protest
of the Philippine betrayal, retired from the
qitarterde i ; to private citizenship, rather than
abet the outrage, the victory of Manila would
have pal.-d In comparison.
Politiral Independence, however. ha* not been
wanting, as is demonstrated by such party ad
herents as Hoar. B Jtwell and Edmunds—
honor to them. Bui we look In vain for a sin
gle instance where an office has been sacrificed
to principle. Even the Secretary of state clings
to his position, forgetful of his vow, when an
uniram^k-d bard, he wrote:
••For always in thine eyes, 0 Liberty,
Shine?. '.nat high, light whereby the world Is
saved,
And thouifh thou slay us, we will trust In
.■ thee."
Has Liberty lost' lts high light, or has John
Hay lost hit, vision?
*
A Fine Volunteer Souvenir.
The Wasp's souvenir of the return
of the volunteers is a magnificent pub
lication. Thirty-two pages, all pictures
printed on the finest paper and illus
trative of the hardships, dangers and
triumphs of a soldier's life. It is the
best thing of the kind on sale at the
news stands. A second edition has been
necessary to supply the demand, as it
is sold for the astonishingly low price
of 25 cents.
COPPER BELT IN
YUKON DISTRICT
Ore Is Plentiful and
Very Rich.
Special Dispatch : .• The Call.
TACOMA, Aug. 25.— Bennett City ad
vices state thai an immense copper l^'H
is known to extend from White Horse
Rapids on the Yukon River to a point
on the Dalton trail forty miles from
the Lynn Canal. Jt is all in British
territory.
Captain Jarvis of the Northwest
mounted police left Bennett last week
for the end of the belt on Dalton trail,
known as the Copper Blowout District.
He was in the district several Weeks
ago, and is returning with » large
party. He says the quartz taken out
assays 38 to 53 per cent copper, and
there is apparently an unlimited de
posit. Hundreds of claims have been
staked.
The district is just beyond the Por
cupine placer fields and eight miles be
yond the international boundary. It is
reached by trail from HaineS Mission.
and it is said an easy water grade is
available for taking the product to
tMe water. The White Horse copper
leads are thought to be extensions of
those on Dalton trail. The best of the
find is four miles from the Yukon.
Four thousand acres are staked, and
one company of twenty-two men has
3600 acres. They have filed water rights
at the perennial rapids at Miles Canyon
with the view of working the mines by
electricity. It is estimated that in one
place there are 150,000 tons of .copper
quartz in sight that is worth $60 per
ton. Matiy strikes of silver and gold
bearing quartz are being made in the
Upper Yukon district, but development
is not far enough along to prove the
value of the properties.
ADMIRAL WATSON
IS SERIOUSLY ILL
Suffering From Heart Disease on His
Ship and No One Permitted
to See Him.
WASHINGTON. Auff. 25.-The Army
and Navy Register, in its issue to
morrow, will say:
Recent letters from Manila mention
the p illness of Admiral Watson as the
source of great anxiety to his officers.
The illness is the effect of an accident
which occurred to his launch while he
was on board on July 11. The Balti
more, his flagship, has been for some
time at Cavlte, leaving Manila so as
to escape the full force of the typhoons.
Requiring to make a trip up the river,
the admiral started in his launch. A
strong wind was blowing and as the
launch, the Undine, went under the
bridge over the river, known as the
Bridge of Spain, the strong current,
aided by the wind, set against the lit
tle boat and she was taken out at hi c
course and thrown against a bawser
from a sailing vessel.
This rope carried away the awning,
and, striking the smokestack, took that
also. Admiral Watson, sitting in the
forward part of the launch and wit
nessing the full danger of the accident,
showed no conscious appearance of
having been startled excessively by the
occurrence or in any Avay of having
suffered by it. Later, however, in Tact
before hia return to the flagship, seri
ous heart trouble developed, and in
consequence he was regarded as ex
tremely ill up to the date of the letters
of the 17th. No one but his physician
is allowed access to him and all busi
ness of the fleet Is forbidden. It is
hoped, however, that the enforced quiet
tnay restore him to his previous health.
LOCATE SMOKELESS
POWDER DISCHARGE
Experiments Conducted by the Amer
ican Association for the Promo
tion of Science.
COLUMBUS, Ohio.. Aug. 25.— The next
meeting of the American Association for
the Advancement of Science will be held
at New York June 25 to 30, 1900.
The officers will bo: President and treas ■
urer. Professor Robert Simpson Wood
ward, dean of the School of Applied Sci
ences of Columbia University. New York;
permanent secretary, Iceland O. Howard
of Washington, Government entomologist;
general secretary, Charles Baskerville of
Chapel Hill, N. C; secretary of the coun
cil, William. F. Hallock of New York.
The genera] committee adopted a resolu
tion favoring Denver as the place of meet
ing in IDOO. This, however, does not bind
the association until acted on next year.
Professor K. A. Fessenden to-day read
a paper on the location of smokeless pow
der discharge by means of colored glass.
The powders selected for experiment were
the United States regulation powder and
the Union Metallic Cartridge Company s
smokeless powder cartridge. In .these the
red light predominates. The glass used
was gold ruby, which transmits red light
and cuts off the other colors. The dis
charge was thus rendered distinctly visi
ble as a red light. Vice President Elihu
Thompson, in discussing this method, sug
gested that the enemy might render ob
servations nugatory by burning red fire
at other points.
Professor E. H. Barbour of Nebraska
reported the rapid decline of geyser activ
ity in the Yellowstone region, giving de
tailed comparison of results in his two
visits on August 5. 1895, and the same date
In 1899. There is a decline in all the vol
canic phenomena about the park.
ACCIDENT TO THE
GUNBOAT WILMINGTON
During a Severe Storm Off Cape
Polonio the Vessel Breaks
Her Screw.
Special Table to The Call and the New York
Herald Copyrighted, 1599, by James Gor
don Bennett.
MONTEVIDEO, Aup. 25.— The grunhoat
Wilmington arrived, at this port to-day
with her screw broken. She was bound
for Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, when a violent
tempest surprised her off Cape Polonio.
The Btonn lasted five days and the acci
dent to her machinery happened during
the very heavy weather. The Wilmington
will have to remain here until the arrival
of a new screw from the United States,
the special pattern <>f screw used on the
gunbOat not being obtainable on the River
Plata.
CAR SHOPS FOR SANTA FE.
Forty Acres of Land in Fresno Pur
chased.
' FRESNO. Aug. 25.— The Santa Fo Rail
road baa purchased from W. D. Foote a
trait of forty acres of land near the
smith' m limits of this city as a site for
Cfifahops. The land is near the present
roundhouse of the Valley read ana along
tin' company's line. The. transfer of the
property was made public through a con- :
damnation suit which was filed In the |
Superior Court to-day.
Font' 'a infant child has a remainder in
terest in the land, and being a minor could I
not give a deed. The suit was. tin refore, |
the only means of making the transfer
possible. The complaint sets forth that
tjie railroad company wants the land a? v
site fur earshops and that it is the inten
tipn of the company to locate the latter ,
In this city.
HEAVY MORTGAGE FILED.
Central Pacific Gives Security on One
Hundred Million Dollars.
VISALIA. Aug. 25.— A mortgage for one
hundred million dollars, issued by the
Central Pacific Company to the Central
Trust Company, . vrst filed for record In
Tulare, County to-dar. The mortgage re
quired $50,000 worth of revenue stamps.
■ ■» —
University Architec .
CHICAGO, Aug. 23.— The nve architects
who arc to select the plans for the Cali
fornia University at Berkeley, on which
000 is to be expvßdi ■!. pi
through hera to-day; fallowing I:
personnel of the party: Pescal, Paris;
\\ai!.;. Dresden: Belcher, London, and
Cook and Carere, New York. The em
inent architects are In this country 3
of Mrs. Hearst, who Is to provide
much of the money toward rebuilding the
university structures. They left her lit
San Francisco, via St. Paul.
REFUSED ADMITTANCE
TO PORT OF ECUADOR
PANAMA, An?. 25.— The steamer Santi
ago of the Pacific Steam Navigation Com
pany, which sailed from Central Ameri
can ports <■)] August 18, bound .smith, was
refused pratique at Guayaquil, Ecuador.
She is quarantined off I'iina. a!">u'
miles from Guayaquil, on account of yel
[< ,\\- fever cases on board.
The steamer Arequipa, which left the
week l" fore, has also )>••• n refused ad
mittance to the port and continued her
th. carrying- with her the mails
and passengers bound for Guayaquil.
Walla Walla Bond Sale.
WAfXA WALLA, Wash., Aug. 2."..— The
city to-day sold $350,000 bonds, of which
$133,000 were general municipal and Ji'l7.
-were sewer and water bonds. Morris &
Whltehead « > t" Portland were the suc<
I'ul bidders. They bid for general munici
pal b"iiils V ._. per cenl interest and .", p, p
cent for sewer and water bonds. The to
tal bonds sold at a premium of J2IOO.
Riots Are Renewed.
KLAGENFURTH, Austria. Aug. 25—
The noting which broke out here Irist
evening was renewed to-day, in y<
day's conflict between the military i l
the rriob a number of persons were in
jured and a number of arrests m idi .
MYSTERIOUS
And WONDERFUL
1 -
SSBjto SSSSjBHSSSSISsSSSsIsSi Is th" 3 nervous
WBW^~- *SSKF9mi " ■ ' ' :'->r every
hMMB BT ' - CBSEhB " ■•li in the hu-
Sb^hß BB' ■ ' .^H^bf^B n ""' ho ' 1 '" ts °° n "
H3HHL Vj..^|BHe9 trolled by nerves.
imKKKw. ' s^Cc % : . "v"v^Mlj H touch, hplons i>
■Hf •--'(•»* \ ,^HH the ncrvou.-
BrSflf • •""■) -2JB tern. Ev.pry pnr-
■CW ''4.a^-'-' v'HH 1 '" 11 ol thp hi ?"
*>:Y 'it'- \«H thP n '-' rvous b >""
■// M W \ ! B \ • ijjfl rs it not of th«
' Wi/ ;I^B ''^/PS^'^fflL '-xV^H l " ni "*' import
M '/BE "/', "' ( V WffL feS nervi'a in i.
I i^H f i ,' ' l\ ( \VflttiW h-iilttiy (■■ nd:-
ItM lO Weak -
; HH, ■ i 4 \ ■ m !) '' ;l '"-- «•■«
W&fffßk i! 'm. \ BBFffm ■ ■■•■ 'is. th.ro-
i In the symp-
H^BRH ' . l , H^H''"'^ ' r>> often
kM^I ( ' * hH^IS "line;.
■■■, '"IH&l 'M D Th^se Symp-
HBkI ' * H bt"n . s
V9B|d Dli ■VfIBHI WV.ik Xor\c.-.
|KH |H B I Fie. 1. heaii-
"■ BW» ■BB D hollow cy* ; :
■ H i|BH MB ■ lilmxe.l vision;
■B^H^^ •VttSH «B I ! '*'tT' ''■ twitching
■■BHMSMHHI t.TinK of heart:
Fig. 6, impaired
digestion; Fig. 6-
!7. weakness of limb?. Again, dizzy spells,
I coated tongue, loss of appetite.- sleeplessness,
| nervousness, luck ,of energy, impaired mem-
I ory, indicate nerve-weaknews.
. Hudyan is a positive and permanent cure for
! all nervous troubles, for tidy an strengthens
the nerves and quiets them. Hudyan Is a
nerve food. Hudyan will at once relieve any of,
: the above symptoms.
I + - .+ Hudyan is" for Men.
■ and Women. It cures
MEN AND permanently. It you
WOMEN . ore pale, weak, em a -
AD VISED • elated and nervous.
FREE i you neerl Hudyan. for
rail or Writp r Hudyan will make
can or write. i yon well and stronp _
•♦■ — '■ •♦ The demand for Hud-
yan Is very great, because Hudyan is a meri-
torious article.
Hudyan is for sale by druggists— soc a pack-
age, or six packages for $2 50.
-:if your druggist does not keep Hudyan. send
! direct to the Hudyan Remedy Co.. cor of Stock-
ton. Ellis and Market sts.. San Francisco Cal
CONSULT THE HUDYAN DOCTORS
ABOUT YOUR CASE FREE OF CHARGE.
CALL<)R WRITE.WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY
EXCITES MUCH INTEREST
Information Solicited Regarding
Method of Procedure.
Associated Press Asks for Full Details of
the Recent Successful Experiment by
The Call— Description of Apparatus.
The wonderful achievement of The
Call in announcing th«-> sighting of the
transport Sherman by means of the
latest marvel of the nineteenth cen
tury — wireless telegraphy — has aroused
intense interest throughout the coun
try and has brought forth the following
inquiry from the Associated Pr- BS:
CHICAGO, Aug. 25.
Paul Cowles. Superintendent Western
Division, The Associati d Press. Ban Fran
cisco: Please Find in first mail, as re
d yesterday, all the data that you
-••cure concerning the enterprise of
The Call and the experience with wireless
telegraphy. We would like to know es
lly the height of the mast support
ing the vertical wire at the sending sta
tion, also the height and nature
mpport of the vertical wire at the receiv
ing station, which 1 believe was at the
cliff House. Further, the character of the
apparatus at the Bending station, whether
an induction coll was used or not. and if
it was about Low many cells and their
size were used on these coils.
A C. TH< 'MAS.
Superintendent Cenral Division.
The expert electricians of The Call
■who have been conducting the success
ful experiments have been authorized
to make the following statement:
The San Francisco Call, in order to test
the practicability of wireless telegraphy,
began experiments about seven weeks ago
by Installing a transmitting apparatus.
consisting of a six-inch Tesla oscillator, a
coil giving a current of very high fre
y, which was placed on the nine
teenth" floor of the Clans Sprei kels build-
The height of the transmitting in
struments from the street level being
feel and from the flagstaff on
• the dome a vertical wire of sixty
was suspended to connect with the
■ •■ ground connection of the coil be
througfa the water supply sys
: the building.
The. receiving instruments, consisting of
b sensitive tube or radio-conductor, which
i suitable Morse relay, which in
turn works a decoherer and a recording
apparatus, wire established on Telegraph
Hill at ;t distance in an air line of about
a mile and a half from the sending sta
tion and at a height of about 180 feet
above sea level. A vertical wire about
seventy-five feet in length was used at
this station. While aal signals
transmitted over this distance it was
- ■• dned that the influence of the
ntial wires, trolleys, etc, which
form a net work in this vicinity, would
militate against the ultimate success of
icperiment between these stations.
However, sufficient encouragement was
ntinue experimenting In a more
Lble locality and a sue for the |snd
shed at E
an elevation of about 130 feet,
FOUND A NEW
CHAIN OF LAKES
VICTORIA. B. C. Aug. 25.-W. Levy,
here last night from the un
northwi st to the northward of
the l ppei Liard, tella a story of the nnd
lng ol a new chain of lakes and a new
II of land which map
makers main "unexplored."
Jn company with two companions he
started in February of last year into the
district at the headwater? of the i.iard
Kiver Their journey led them through a
region which is not traversed by a:
ular trail, and they were obliged t<
ir ih(ms>']vos through a district
where few white men had been. Follow
ing up th<^ tributary Btream •<( the Upper
Lriard they prospected every likely Band
bar with the sain.- r< suit -plenty of col
but nothing to warrant s.-riou.s work
being undertaken. Reaching the Pelly
Mountains th<'y pitched their tents for
n,« winter, and with the opening of
Fpnng started in a southwesterly 'lirection
f<.r Tf-slin Lake. Then I; waa that they
made the discovery of the lakes and con
ing river.
They were mushing through the wilder
- toward Toslin, when
they : - '<■ lake about twenty-flve
miles in length. They built a boat and
launched it "n tho chain of inland waters,
which fed a turbulent stream, a tributary
eslin I,ak<\ as they afterward found.
Down this river, Bwollen by the spring
Ik. i (is to a roaring torrent, they saik-d,
and for some time floated along in un
eventful progress. Hounding: a curve in
tho river one morning, however, they
found themselves suddenly launched out
of thf peaceful watf-rs In which they bad
b^en g-liding Into a series of rocky rapids.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Many a woman throws away the flower
of her' youth -her beauty, her amiability
aiui her capacity for wifehood and^mother-
. y. without realizing it. There is no
f I : r sight than that of a young woman
who hat, for years been bearing up bravely
and silently' under physical tortures that
would drivr- a man to the mad house.
Thousand of women suffer in this way
and ask neither aid nor sympathy. They
realize that they are the victims of weak-
m m and disease of the distinctly womanly
organism. They do not consult a physician
because of the well-founded fear that he
will insist upon disgusting "examinations' 1
and "local treatment." Eft. Pierces Fa-
vorite Prescription does away with all
necessity f<>i these ordeals. It cures in the
privacy of the home. It restores health
and strength and vigor to the delicate or-
gans concerned \y, wifehood and mother-
hood. It tones, invigorates and builds up
the nerves and transforms nervous, over-
wrought, sickly invalids into healthy,
happy wives and mothers. Dr. Pierce is an
eminent and skillful specialist who has
Ijten for thirty years chief consulting phy-
sician to the "invalids' Hotel and Surgical
Institute, at P.uffalo, N. V. He will answer,
without charge, all letters from ailing wom-
en. The "Favorite Prescription" is for
sale by all good dealers.
" I r.uffcred frctn womb trouble for about twelve
write! Mi> Harry Pomeroy. of Bo< 2 ( <;8,
Monona, Clayton Co., lowa. "I doctored with
■ \x different physicians, but found onlytempor-
r.ry relief I thru used six bottles of Dr. Pierces
Favorite Prta ription and three of 'Pleasant
Pellets. ' I ;i in ;: :icw woman. I hope and pray
that this will induce other poor sufferers to use
Dr. Pierces medicines and be cured."
above which n vertical conductor of
seven-nlneteen standard cable ninety feet
long- was suspended from a sprit on top of
the flagpole. A receiving station was first
established four miles distant along the
beach, but with imperfect success. An
intermediate receiving station was then
installed at a distance of one mile, at
which signals were received although
shattered.
This latter effect was ascribed to the
proximity of a trolley wire, the occasional
spark from which during the passing of
a car affected the receiving apparatus.
The Tesla oscillator used for sending be
ing of a hiph frequency and giving waves
of short length, it was decided to install
a Ruhmkorff coilot twelve-inch spark. The
receiving station was then changed to a
distance of 2°oo feet and located in the
cliff House, where with the aid of flag
signals the instruments were adjusted un
til absolute accuracy was attained in the
transmission i-f messages at this distance.
The vertical wire of the sending station
was at Its lowest point fully lew feet above
the receiving station. The apparatus was
perfected to such an extent that the
aerial wire at the receiving station was
entirely dispensed with, and continued a<-
curacy and results were attained.
The receiving Instrument was th>n
placed on the yacht Lurline and connected
with a wire suspended from the masthead,
about seventy feet. A start was made
from a point "a half-mile off shore, the to
tal distance from sending station being
about one mile. Messages were received,
and by gradually increasing the distance
off shore until eight miles were reached
the zone within which perfect messages
were obtained was passed, and only Big
r.Rls received, Morse characters losing
their Intelligibility.
It was then decided to place the trans
mitting instruments on Lightship No 70,
anchored on San Francisco bar. about
nine miles from the receiving station,
which latter was then established at the
cliff House. The coil was operated from
the dynamos on the lightship, the form
of energy being the same as hitherto
used and adjusted for an eight-inch spar*.
Verticle wire on lightship eighty feet, at
Cliff House ninety -five feet. A conical
( apacity was used at both places and
beneficial. Between these stations
messages were received, which, although
somewhat indistinct, were nevertheless in
telligible, the crude apparatus not being
quite susceptive to the tine adjustment
required for this distance. Improvements
in the instruments now being made justi
fy the belief What perfect Buccess will be
attained at a much greater distance. Dur
ing these experiments for The San Fran
cisco Call it has been demonstrated that
much erroneous matter has been pub
lished on this subject and it has only been
by a stop by step process that success
has been reac.ed. It is proposed to con
tfnue the same line of investigation until
thf various apparatuses used are br
down to the smallest possible e"omp;u;s
and highest degree of perfection.
marked oft at intervals by three water
falls eight or ten feet In height. The
loaded boat was helplessly trapped in the
swirl of waters, and knowing that to at
tempt to make land would only increase
the probabilities of disaster the three men
■ -i their energies t" keeping their
craft in the center <>f the stream.
The tirst cataract was negotiated with
comparative safety, a little water being
shipper! in making the leap. At th*> next
fall the boal almost filled with water, and
as the next leap was made she capsized
with the weight of water in her. The men
swam for th^lr liven, but the treacherous
undertow draped them down so persist
ently that they were not able to make
iand until they had been carried over a
quarter of a mile. The upturned boat was
rescued, and it seemed, providentially, a
sack ( f flour hyd caught by a nail and
held under a thwart of the boat, and this
alone saved them from starvation.
All their outfits were lost, but the dar
ing fellows counted themselves lucky
that the boat did not capsize at the first
cataract, in which case they would un
doubtedly have been lost. They lived for
two months on the bag of flour, doling it
out sparingly, and on reaching Teslln one
of them secured a boat and proceeded
alone toward Dawson, while Levy and the
ihird made for home.
ARTISANS OF THE SHERMAN AS SEEN BY CHARLES C. COONLEY.
Mr. Coonley, a daring member of the regiment, prepared the above sketches on the transport. On arriving here
he awaited his opportunity, rushed the guards and tossed tht» roll aboard The Call tug. It struck on the boat's rail
and bounded overboard.- It was a small matter to haul the little roll aboard, however, and it is now published, even
though the guards were attending strictly to duty.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 26. 1899.
ACTION OF OTIS
ANGERS CHINESE
Peking Government to
Protest.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Aup:. 25.— A Press spe
cial from Washington says: Whether
General Otis' order excluding the CHi
nppo from entering the Philippines
ought to be revoked is a question that
is rer'oivinp serious consideration.
War Department officials do not in
tend to make any recommendation until
< >t in has been heaid from. He is pre
sumably competent to decide, but the
matter would seem to threaten compli
cations. It is estimated that there are
about f>2,000 Chinese in the Philippines.
Since American occupation (Jhinese im
migration to the islands has been on the
increase. Doubtless it was this con
; stant influx which caused Otis to pro
| inulgate the order.
The resentment of- the Chinese Gov-
I ernment probably will be provoked. The
, Chinese Minister, in a diplomatic way,
1 has notified the State Department that.
i if the Chinese are to be excluded from
j the Philippines the United States may
expect a protest from China. He says
i his Government could not preserve Its
! self-re^pt-ct if it were to allow the Uni
ted States to prohibit the immigration
■ •1" Chinese citizens to possessions of the
United Suites lying as close to China
as the Philippines. While the Minister
did not indicate what China would do,
i there is no doubt that retaliation is
! contemplated in a restriction of trade
! conditions.
A number of letters have been re
ceived at the War Department from
English and German merchants in the
Philippines who employ Chinese labor,
requesting that nothing be done by the
\ United States which will be inimical
! to this class of labor, as it is the most
', reliable to be had in the islands.
Should the United States see fit to up
hold the order issued by Otis, it is not
unlikely that the English and Germans
would do all in their power to pro
] yoke the Chinese Government to re
taliatory measures.
The Chinese Government has shown
HANDSOME EDIFICE FOR
RICHMOND CHURCH-GOERS
THK cornerstone of the Richmond Congregational Church, corner of Seventh
avenue and Clement street, will be laid to-nv.rrow afternoon with appropriate
ceremonies. The following programme will be carried out:
Invocation, Rev. F. I. Wheat; scripture,' Profes&or R. R. Lloyd; anthem;
five-minute addresses by the following ministers: Rev. F. B. Cherlngton. D. D.;
Rev. J. H. WaVren, D. I).; Rev. William C. Pond, D. D.; Rev. William Rader. Rev.
i . Adams, D. D.; laying the cornerstone, the pastor, Rev. Philip Coombe;
prayer, Rev. S. H. Willey, D. D. ; benediction, Rev. J. B. Dickson.
morn anxiety on the course of this
Government toward the Chinese in the
Philippines than to those in Porto
Rico, Cuba or Hawaii. Their interests
are far greater. The Chinaman in the
THROWN FROM A TRUCK
AND KILLED INSTANTLY
9 * **
TT~\ DWARD MARRON of 72S Fourteenth street, a teamster In the employ m
Li of John Lauer, was instantly killed yesterday morning by a fall from ]
ft nigh seat of his truck. '.^/'V'.'  i% . •
T •*— * The accident occurred at ten minutes after 7 o'clock on Fourteenth |
L street, near Valencia. One of the wheels of the truck sunk into a chuck hole, —
T the jolt throwing Marron out upon the top of his head, killing him instantly. >
L Matron was unmarried, a native of San Francisco, 29 years old. He was —
T an industrious young man and highly esteemed by a large circle of friends. T
~ The body was taken to the Morgue and an inquest will be held. 0
Cornerstone o the Con
gregational C hurch to
Be Laid To-Morrow.
Philippines is different from the China
man known in this country. Thousands
of them in the Philippines are engaged
as peddlers and a large number are
merchants. Some of the official reports,
including those of Admiral Dewey.
have paid high tribute to the work per
formed by the Chinese.
Naval Constructor Hobsrfn has re
ported recently on the value of Chinese
labor in the reconstruction of the
sunken Spanish warships. While Chi
nese labor is highly thought of by the
Americans, the English and Germans in
the Philippines the qualities which have
won for it good opinions from these
sources have provoked the enmity of
the native Filipinos. Being shiftless
and unreliable the Filipinos have found
themselves supplanted to a large extent
in the insular industries.
On the other hand. Mr. Williams, for
mer Consul at Manila, who still remains
there in a confidential capacity, has
written to the State Department that
the exclusion of the Chinese from the
islands would aid materially in bring
ing the war to a close. It may be that
General Otis issued his order for the
exclusion of the Chinese because he
hqlds views similar to those of Mr.
Williams.
HUNTER ATTACKED
BY WOUNDED DEER
Nearly Killed by Ani-
mal's Hoofs.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. Aug. 25.— John Enos, a
contractor at present engaged in cutting
timber on the headwaters of the Laguni
tas, came near losing his life yesterday
in an encounter with a wounded deer. Two
faithful hounds saved him from death,
but his condition is still serious. Enos
left his camp early in the morning for a
hunt in Carson Canyon, taking with him
two dogs. In the early part of the after
noon the dogs jumped a large buck, which,
in fleeing from them, made directly for the
stand upon which Enos was waiting. Aa
the animal approached he lired two shots.
The first was without effect, but the sec
ond struck the animal in the side, slightly
wounding him. The shot stopped him
for a moment, and then seeing Enos but
a short distance away the infuriated
beast made a dash for him.
Rearing upon his hind legs the deer
pawed the unfortunate hunter, forcing
him to the ground. At this moment Enos'
dogs came up and attacked the buck on
the hind Quarters, thus drawing him away
from their prostrate master. While the
dogs were worrying the deer Enos strug
gled to his feet, and drawing a large
hunting Knife stabbed the animal in the
neck. Jn spite of this the deer continued
to fight the dogs until at last the loss of
blood forced him to the ground, where the
dogs soon dispatched him.
Knos managed to reach the woodchop
pers" camp an hour later in an exhausted
condition. He was taken to his cabin and
put to bed. where he has remained, being
unable to get up. The sharp hoofs of the
deor lacerated his flesh and completely
tore the clothing from the upper part of
his body. It will be several weeks befor»
he will be able to move around.
Enos has led a life full of adventure.
He claims to have faced armed men jof all
nationalities in his day, but never remem
bers to have had so narrow an escape
from death before. He describes the at
tack of the infuriated beast with a shud
der, and says he will carry a vivid re
membrance of the experience to the grave.
Argues for Venezuela.
PARIS, Aug. 25.— The sittings of the
Anglo-Venezuelan Boundary Arbitration
Commission were resumed to-day. Pro
fessor John R. Soley, continuing his ar
gument in behalf of Venezuela's case, said
that while evidence of British sovereignty
was absent proofs existed of Venezuela's
control. He devoted much of his time to
an interpretation of the agreement of ISSO.
Major Harrison Better.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 25.— A cable dis
patch received at the War Department to
day from Major General Wood says Ma
jor Russell B. Harrison, who is ill at San
tiago of yellow fever, appears to be out
of danger.
The Big Raft in Port.
The big lumber raft from the Columbia
River was towed in early this morning by
the tugs Relief and Rescue, and is now off
Meiggs wharf.
Home Again.— Get the Wasp's souvenir
of the California Volunteers' return,
sale at all newsdealers, 25 cenis. •
WANTED GLORY AND WON
EXPERIENCE IN THE WAR
<7A? BOUT a year ago the 15-year-old
ABOUT Dr. W. J. the 15-year-old
snn of Dr. W. J. Sehildge of 254
/r = -\ '■ Warren street, / Brooklyn, New
O ■ \>' York, suddenly disappeared with
out leaving a trace of his -where
abouts behind him. His parents searched
for him diligently, but all efforts were in
vain. One day, however, they received
word from friends residing In Philadel
phia, who had heard of the boy's disap
pearance, that a young chap enlisted in
the army under the name of Herman L..
Smith, whose extreme youth had been
commented upon by the press. This, to
gether with the fact that the Christian
name corresponded with that of Schildge,
convinced the parents that their son en
listed with the Pennsylvania volunteers.
When they heard that the Pennsylva
nians were due here, they wrote to friends
residing in the city, and who knew the
boy. A few days ago the boy was dis
covered in this city.
He said he had changed his name and
gave a wrong age when he enlisted, so
that his friends could not follow him. He
joined the army for the purpose of win
ning glory in the service of his country
and returning crowned with the laurels
of the hero. Upon inquiry, he admitted
that his anticipations were sadly crushed,
and that all he brought with him was a
lot of experience and an empty stomach.
It is expected that he will receive a warm
welcome when arriving home.
He is a fine young fellow, looking more
like 18 than 16 years, and were it
not for the disappointment that is revealed in his features one might find
a strong determination pictured in his face. He has left for the East, where his
arrival Is expected with impatience.
THE EMPOBIUM.
* ' The Big Store will be |
i closed this evening. 5
{Saturday Only. ]
i Remnants I
I Colored Dress Goods. I
J One-Quarter Off Marked Price. %
£ For this day only we offer our entire line of Colored Dress Goods
♦ Remnants, consisting of the short ends of late summer shipments ♦
Ik and many of the new fall fabrics that have been already cut .*
•♦ down. The lengths vary from Uto 6 yards each, and are suit- ♦
* able for waists,- skirts and children's dresses. <*
t One-Quarter Off the Marked Price. . *
*, . " . • ■ . ... -
♦ /--n Saturday Only For Saturday Only. J
* . U7 5.5^ %-KM P^S y l Drapery Silks. ♦
I s4¥^\ $6 and $7 \ Of#lr.OoC# prettily embroidered *
*■' I\Zf A **f#f#<t fnr* with gold thread, in • six ' colorings, pink, 2
» /I I' ; Off MfS tOm light blue, blue, nile green, cream and
*, /J " >■ • &&m9sm "• * ' • rose ' regularly $1 a yard, on special sa'e a
* J 'JT ' .t!S- «7 all- for this day only at — « 8 ° *
T 1^ ► Boys $6 and $7 all- _j_
*' I /kS?LJ wool Long Pants Suits. " - •• , ■ <4>
♦ Lr TV four different styles, blue ! For Saturday Only. <*
A. ill cheviots and new mixtures! __ ._ _ . - ... -_ , <#
I \ in gray and Irown, all- BrUSh and f »**?}* back ?
* \ wool material that will; Contß ISti al^ *
1 \ . c . I# %MMMMU fObi size, mixed bns- «
I % \\ give satisfactory a per- ,  J
| H f^if a anL a d^ trn J
» . feet fit guaranteed — on - . J «»- > "" r5 t«V
J B pecial sale for tljs day ;^^
* on '- vat ** 95 inches long, gj^M^^^ J
I For Saturday Only. ? ftut J
A Mf*n'a 4L3 HO All-wool only at the incredibly low price 0f.... #£»O <?
*1% A « nJr $2.so and $3 *
£ fantS &Ili9O* Pants, fash- cv, <sninrdti\) Onh 1
* ionable patterns, make and sewing guar-!. POT JJlUmay UtltV. «
'* anteetJ, fit perfect, an excellent value at QQq Beit The big store 5,
- the regular price — on special sale thi< -« M *%*%^. offers to-day
J day only $1.95 BUCKIeS 23C. 250 Belt }
— ! Buckles, the newest designs, in oxidized, <f
* _ r ,■ j r\ i ' ' g;lt and enameled effects, suitable and
» For Saturday (July. v^ry stylish for crushed Belts, regularly *
2 Net Neck x lot of fashionable 35c and sOc each, for 23 ° %
f> lIKI IWCWI Net -Neck ■ " Z
{ Scarfs 38c. scarfs just j re- /r^ Saturday Only. *
& ceived from New York, 2 yards long by 8 __.. k — —- i. , »l ♦
» inches wide. Point d'E^prit and plain net UtlCa Another chance is of- «
* effects with fluted ends— also plain net «_„_;» '' ered you to-day to «
* with wide Oriental Lice ends, they tie BICyCICS bnv a first-class wheel J
* up v.ry prettily, regular price 50c each tfO/1 Off ?15 or $20 less than J
* -for this cay only 38c 9*UmOOm the regular prices for J
J For Saturday Only. ' /^T^A >^rS7^ *
Baibriggan M§|g (^^^BB !
♦ Underwear thread Bit- vv^^Sg© v^So^w 5
; Men's, bri^ anShirtB ¥WX wffi^ ♦
2 ■ and Drawers. — . —^ f?\ 4
» form-fitting, double sewn— on special sale first-class wheels. The Utica is awheel ♦
* for this day only, per garment 40© j that in point of construction, material • 2
* — . ) an ) finish cannot b9 excelled by any $35 *i
ft /Tor <\nlurrlnu Dtiiv or 40 bic - vcle on the market. Before «
* tOr SaiUraaV Utliy. leaving the factory each wheel is care- ♦
3» S\/2f*ra's &2 SO fully inspected and tested in every part. 4*
+ JmmT &1 o*2 sr> and the purchaser is further protected ♦
* &nOBS $mm%M*Sm ,__^ /^ Iby a guarantee to make good at any *J
£ The?e handsome easy fit- |Pf^W time up to January 1, 1900, any imper- J
A tin? V.ci Kid Lace Shoes, \ hi; ) fectwn or d?fect in material or manu-
I chocolate color, new \M \ facture, not caused by misuse or neglect. *
* coin toes with tips, JLm. v 22 and 24 ,j EC , h fra . me^ men's models. *
* light weight, sewed /ZPkj ■'' maroon or black, striped or ornamental. *
* soles, sold • ytfy/'A on sale to-d3yonly at $20.85 ♦
J reguarly for JS^J-^L^y^ ' TT x*
I $2.50 pair, /^<^ IT^ for Saturday Only. k *^. ♦
m. all sizjs — on y^^^J Set Of - Sl=^^ 2
A spacial sale /J)^ % et Of ri« s^=^»s ?
*f , r th s day 4=^^^ Tumblers 21c. F=^ «
»> only at $1.83 Crystal thin blown Water .5? ~^= . *
> ______^__ Tumblers, with frosted en-
* „ <- j T •-v , graved bards, regularly 58c -5= ~M *
* tO r Saturday Only. a dozen, for this day on!-. L^ i|| J
I Acetytsne Lamps etof6 21 ° —^ j
* $2.73, For Saturday Only. J
J Solar Acetyline Ga3 A J. , #?/»«/«' Cfnth r—>^ •*
» Limp?, a miniature //nr^Tf T\ ,#* *-» Vv/\ *
J searchlight, throws |®1 J) GapS 17c. JF^>O ♦
ft a brilliant li?ht for \JrgJ2gfv Boys' Blue Cloth Yacht V-^V*"-^ ♦
» 150 feet will not Z^^fi Osds silk lined all \£ »* >} 21
* jar or blow out. S=ag=o . , , __ V v X
* turns four hours, [flfi SUBS ' regularly 25c W Jjr^, 21
* regularly $3.50 each WfflJsf each, on special sale JjS^jf^y ♦
T —special this day \sJg/ ' ) this day only at.../7o WW/Mv' ♦
J only $2.73 «
I tHiS eWn " P Ooldenßnleßazaau*"| .'•"• |
* ZW^- CWFQRHIAS IM&ST-JIMERia-SCMnDEST STORE: P *
SURVIVORS OF A WRECK.
■ pecial rablp to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 1899. by James Gor
don Bennett.
CAPE HAYTIEN, Aug. 25.— The German
steamer Erna. from New York, which ar
rived here to-day, brought from Inagua
three of the fourteen passengers and six
of the crew of the sloop Ruth, which lett
here for Tyrks Island during the -recent
hurricane. The sloop capsized in a storm
and the passengers and members of the
crew brought here by the Erna were res
HERMAN SCHILDGE.
THE EMPORIUM.
cued by a schooner. All others on the
Ruth were drowned.
Fishing Limits on the Sound.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 25.— The Treasury
Department has advised the American
customs officials on Puget Sound that fish
i ermen who find themselves in over five
fathoms of water at high tide for a dis
tance of seven miles from the eastern
! shore of Point Roberts toward Blame are
almost certain to be fishing in American,
waters.
Constitution Is Too Old.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 25.-The Navy Do
partment does not look with favor upon
the suggestion to have the historic war
phip Constitution take part in the Dewey
demonstration at New York. It is stated
that the venerable craft is not in a con
dition to undergo' such service, and that
she is far too valuable as a relic to sub
ject her to the risks of a trip to Boston.
STOP DRUGGING I
If you have drugged till you are sick of
drugging and it has failed to bring bene-
fit, 9top it. Try Eiectricitv, which is a
natural cure. My system of electrical
treatment is the outgrowth of twenty
years of study. It is a success. Th»
Dr. McLaughlin Method
Is recognized by phvsLians as the most
common-sense methoi of applying Elec-
tricity. You wear my Beit while you
sleep. You feel it cur.ng, Dut it does not
disturb your rrst.
Call and test it free, or send for my new
booklet describing the method.
Dr, M. A. McLaughlin
TOJS Market St.. cor. Kearny. S X •
Burdick Block, cor. Spring and Second
Bts., Los Angeles.
Office Hours — 8 a. m. to 8:30 p. m.l
Sundays. 10 to 1. NEVER BOLD uf
£.3UG STORES.
56
■ v . - :■■',*■■■
Viz if $ <&fc^is^l2l'&U
SATURDAY AUGUST 26, 1899
••■•-•
fJOHN D. SPR ECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager, j
PUBLICATION OFFICE MarKet and Third SU.. S. F
, Telephone Main 1868. .:
EDITORIAL ROOMS £17 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1474. . ' •
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage:
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year $6.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). « months 3.00
DAILY CALL, (Including Sunday Call). 8 months .... 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month «MV«
SUNDAY CALL One Year . ~..'. 1.50
WEEKLY CALL One Year LOO
All postmaster* are authorized to reeelvj subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway.
C. GEORGE K3OGNE6B.
Manager Foreign Advertising. Marquette Building, -
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT i
C. C. CAfILTON ...Herald Squat*
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE!
PERRY LUKENB JR 29 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
BiMnnaa House: Y. O. News Co.: Great Norther* Hotel;
Fremont Houße; Auditorium Hotel. ;
NEW "YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf- Astoria 'Hotel; A. Brentano. 81 Union Squar*]
Murray Hill Hotel. ' -
WASHINGTON ft). C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
J. L. ENGLISH. Correspondent.
AMUSEMENTS.
California— "A Bachelor's Honeymoon."
Columbia— "A Southern Gentleman."
-Vaudeville,
Tivoll— "Cavallerla Rustlcana" and "I'Pagllacd."
mar— "Romeo and Juliet."
Grand Opera-house— "Clover."
Chutes. Zoo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
and evei»4ns. -^ ' j ■ • •
Olynjpla, corner Masoh-and ElHs streets— Specialties.
Battle of Manila Market street, near Eighth.
Sutro Baths— Swimming Races, e»c.
Recreation Park— Baseball to-day. I
Glrn Park — Grand performance to-morrow.
Golden Gate Agricultural District No. Races to-day:
Alhambra Theater — Benefit, to John W. Slade.- Saturday
evrning, Sei>tember 2. ' .', '
California State Fair. Sacramento— September 4 to 16.
AUCTION SALES.
rty F. W. Butterfleld— This day, at 11 o'clock Groceries and
Hardwarp. at Twenty-ninth and Sanchez streets.
A SALT LAKE OPINION.
Till: Deseret Evening News, which announces;
that it is "The Organ of the Church of Jesus
Christ of Latfer-day Saint?, Lorenzo Snow,
Trustee-in-trust," attacks The Call for the serious of
fenses of "criminality and folly." We come -with all
humility to plead to the charge, in the presence of an
"organ" of such stupendous claims.
( >ur • ffense consists in a recent article in which we
stated tlu- inconsistency of policy within the jurisdic
of th I nited States, which make- polygamy, a
crime in Utali and gives it official recognition and pays
i • exponent a salary in the Sulus.
News, which i- run by revelation* reminds us
■ - of the United States is not the)
tci • the mind of the Lord," and that the j
authority of the Mormon church for polygamy is not
found in the Book of Mormon but in the Bible. For
an inspired nr^an the New- makes the odd mistake
ting that we conceive polygamy to be pro
hibited by the Declaration of Independence. For an !
int< the mind of the Lord Lorenzo Snow.
shows a heat incompatible with his wintry name.
Leaving out the tcuje of badinage in which we
ciothed the pn -entation of what we conceive to be
an inexcusable inconsistency of policy in our Govern
ment, let v- restate our position.
The object of the organization of the Republican
party was to establish, maintain and enforce abso- :
lute equality before the law of all men within the-,
jurisdiction of the constitution of the United States.
This statement of its principles and purpose was an
ni7ed by the slave-holders. That issue was joined
ami upon it they offered battle. The challenge wa.s
• pted, and the sanguinary contest raiged for four !
year-. On many of its battle-fields more men were
killed than the whole number enlisted in our present
military adventure. The result establi-hed the Re- I
publican contention for universal equality before the
law. . ,
We insist upon that equality now. We regard gov
ernment by consent of the governed and equality of
rights to be the essential germ and the vital prin
ciple of this republic. So believing, we insist that if
tins Government authorize and protect polygamy in
the Sulus because it is taught by the Mahometan
religion, it must authorize and protect polygamy in
Utah and wherever there is a Stake of Zion, because
it is taught by the Mormon religion. Mahometan
ism accepts the Bible in both Testaments, and puts
[ssa ben Miriam in its Catalogue of ineffable person- !
alities. Mormoni?m does the same, and presents the
Book of Mormon, like the Koran, as a later revela- i
tion. Equality before the law requires that the be
lievers in either shr:ll be treated alike. It is useless
for the trustee-in-trust of the Mormon organ to mis
represent our position oT to evade the issue which, it.
raises. We cited the case of Mr. Angus Cannon,
member of the Fir>t Presidency -of the Mormon
church, who is awaiting sentence for polygamy, and
contrasted the dolors of his position with the pleas
ant places in which are cast the lines of the- Sulu
Sultan. Mr. Snow say.- that Mr. Cannon has not been
married at al! in the last year or two, and that he
was not accused of polygamy or plural marriage when
arrested. Grant that, lie was, in the verbiage of the
law. accused of "unlawful cohabitation," and his
nse consisted in resuming conjugal relations with
a number of wives to whom lie had been married be
;• re. There is no difference in the offence in the eye
of the law. The corpus delicti is the maintenance of
the polygamous relation as taught by the Mormon
religion; whether derived from the Bible or the Book
. Mormon makes no difference.
The Government of the United States took high
ground under the impetus of the moral sense of the
pic when it entered upon the extirpation of poly
gamy in Utah. It is no answer to that position for
Mr. Snow to say that there are seraglios in San Fran-
O. There are. and their existence is deplored by
morality as a wicked vice, and is frowned upon by the
law. It has not the excuse of being the exercise of a
practice enjoined by religion and is not countenanced
by statutory recognition. Mr. Snow stands for the
contention that a Gentile vice is transmuted into a
Mormon virtue by a. canon of the church. We merely
demand that if this position is recognized by our
vemment in the Sulus, the principle of equality
d< mands that it have equal recognition in Utah.
Finally, Mr. Snow is careful not to deny that poly_
gamy is again practiced in Utah. We make the
charge that plural marriages are by no means sin
gular in that State. Will he deny it?
THE IDEAL FETE CLIMATE.
SAN FRANCISCO has had great parades and
pageants before, but none has half equaled the
.variety and sumptuous spectacular quality oi
i this fete in honor of our returned soldiers.
Its ornate and majestic features have presented
everything that can please the eye. stimulate the
j imagination and make the heart beat faster.
On no other American water has appeared the equal
| in beauty, of the marine procession which escorted the
i Sherman to her anchorage. Squadrons of battleships
have steamed in line on New York Bay, and the
spectators have from either side viewed the scene
! from the decks of all kinds of craft, but no procession
I has moved upon the water that had the impressive
beauty of decoration, precision of formation and im
pressive dignity that charmed every sense, as this
! escort of banner-flying boats steamed from the Heads
j down to the Golden Gate and into the center of the
harbor. The processions in the city, marching be
tween lofty pine and palm, and past walls of the na
j tional colors, arranged in the most tasteful of pa
triotic devices, gave to and took from the scene a
grace inexpressible.
The night scene on the water and in the streets.
: illuminated by myriads of electric lights, has been
more than grand. It has inspired a feeling of awe in
man, standing in the presence of the works wrought
by his own genius.
And it has all been seen through day and night, on
j land and water, in perfect comfort by the hundreds
]of thousands. The spectators have had neither to
■ swelter in the heat nor shiver in the cold. They have
, passed readily and comfortably from the scene of one
spectacle to another. The facilities of the city have
been so ample that none have gone hungry for lack
of a place to feed, nor tired for need of a place to
rest.
No storms have disturbed the crowds and no gales
have tugged at. the splendid decorations. The wide
streets and avenues have rendered a jam and panic
impossible, and good order, good temper and un
bounded patriotic enjoyment have marked the great
function from the beginning.
To our people it has been a needed revelation.
San Francisco is the metropolis of the friendliest cli
mate in the world. In no other great American city
j could there have been such absolute guarantee of
clemency in the elements, such assurance of immun
ity from storm and tempest, such absolute equability
of climate, as to make all these pleasures sure. In
no capital of the Old World, not even in gay Paris
| or Vienna or Rome, can be found such certainty o\
[ the adaptation of weather to such a purpose.
In a high sense these facts and the line of thought
they promote are of the greatest material importance
to San Francisco. They not only teach our people to
make more frequent use in this way of their climatic
advantages, but they impress all with the need of
making permanently the best use of those advan
tages. They lead to a call for the best streets, for the
more general joining of the beauties with the utilities
of architecture. Washington City has in Pennsyl
vania avenue one of the noblest thoroughfares in the
world, but it is ensmalled by the meanness of the
architecture of the buildings which line it. Its
straight stretch has at one end the mighty Capitol
and at the other the classical building of the Treasury.
But between, with few exceptions, are only the cheap
est and meanest of buildings. Sordid fronts, windows
■ stinted in proportion, roofs of melancholy pitch, chill
the spirit that has been raised by the splendors of the
Capitol, the gorgeous art of the Congressional Li
brary an<l the classic front of the Treasury. San
Francisco has in Market street her grand thorough
fare. It already far excels Pennsylvania avenue in
the excellence of its architecture. Every year the
: blunt -laced structures, snub-nosed and lantern
jawed, to meet the economy or the haste of the
pioneer builders, pass away and are replaced by mod
ern buildings, in which the architect's sense of ex
terior beauty is given some scope and play.
As the rebuilding of this street goes on let every
property-owner remember the pageantry that is now
j passing. Let him recall the perfect tone of the sky,
> the softness and hire of the weather, the bright
kaleidoscopic effect of the "welr-dressed hundreds of
thousands, the charm of the decorations,-and remem
ber how art can. come to the aid of nature in pro
ducing these effects, which are worth crossing the
continent to see, and when he builds see to it that he
adds to the attractions of this great street, which is
; the first traveled by the thousands who come here to
! this part of the highway around the world.
Another steamer has come down from Alaska with
a crowd of lucky gold-hunters, but their number,
though considerable, is small in comparison with
that of the crowds that went with them when they
started on the search. The few who strike it rich
come home in the cabin and get their names in the
prpers. but the others either stay in the snow or
come home in the steerage and say nothing.
BRYAN'S FAD.
BOSS' BRYAN has just addressed three State
conventions in Nebraska, the N«w Democracy,
the Silver Republicans and the Populists, and
has dictated their platforms and their fusion nomina
tions. His language in the Democratic platform is:
"Our confidence in the principles set forth in the
Chicago platform has been increased as those prin
ciples have been vindicated by event?. The gold
standard is less defensible now than it was in 1896.
The ratio of 16 to 1 is the natural and necessary
ratio."
In his speeches to the three parties to the fusion
Colonel Bryan put free silver at 16 to i»foremost, and
his orders were implicitly obeyed. ' At the same time
that he was forcing this declaration one of his lead
ing supporters in California. Professor Ross, was de
claring that the silver issue has passed, and that "the
demand of 16 to 1 has ceased to be admissible."
Asked why it is no longer admissible, the professor
s;;id: "For three reasons. In the first place the an
nual output of gpld has since 1806 shot up from $200,
--000,000 to ,$300,000,000. It relieves the monetary
famine and has tended. to< reduce if not entirely wipe
oat the annual appreciation of gold. In the second
place, three or more years of debts have been con
tracted under the gold standard and a corresponding
j mass of old debt incurred under the bimetallic stan
dard has been wiped out. In the third place, there
was a likelihood in 180/ i that certain other nations
I would follow a bold step on the part of the United
States, and thus independent action on our part might
I bring about international bimetallism. We have no
longer any ground for such hope. For these three
reasons a proposal which was reasonable in 1806 be
comes extreme in 1890."
The professor has reduced his abandonment of the
issue to an approximately scientific form. The value
1 thereof is the admission that free coinage of silver at
16 to 1 was an expedient and not a scientific principle.
! The increase in the gold output since 1805, when it
was $200,406,000. has been at the rate of $25,000,000 a
iyear in. order, to .reach the volume for this year as
stated by the professor. But it was increasing in two
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.L, SATURDAY, ATJGUST 26, 1899.
years prior to 1895 at the rate of $21,455,600 per year.
.It is somewhat difficult to find any excuse existing
now m tlie increase of the annual gold product for
abandoning 16 to 1 that did not also exist in the same
cause in 1806.
The production of gold fell in 1873 to $96,000,000,
and, according to the professor's theory, being scarce,
it should have been much higher than silver, while
as a fact gold and silver were then closer together
than they have been since. As the product of gold
has risen, the distance between it and silver has in
creased instead of diminishing. If the market price
of the two metals is to be taken as the measure of
their annual appreciation or depreciation, gold is
higher now than when the Bland act passed, for silver
is lower. The great fact is that the Bryan fad had no
scientific foundation, and therefore every prediction
based upon it has failed.
But while the professor is declaring that the issue
has passed, that it is no longer reasonable and' must
be abandoned, the Colonel is proclaiming that it is
more necessary now than in 1896! The professor was
desirous of stability in the standard of value and hails
its coming in the small increase in the average out
put of gold over that increase prior to 1806. But the
Colonel is embarrassed by the multiplication of rea
sons for adhering to '"the natural and necessary ratio
of 16 to 1."
Whether the reasons given will bear investigation
or not, there is no doubt that Professor Ross repre
sents the whole body of supporters of Bryan in 1896
who were at any time in danger of permitting them
selves to think about the silver issue. The spell of
that year and the spell-binding done by Bryan and
Coin Harvey, helped out by hard times, swept many
a man off his feet who has recovered his reason and
is now wondering that he' ever was tripped by such
an airy thread.
The strength of Mr. Bryan was among the discon
tented. Their ranks are always recruited by a pan:c
and hard times. What Colonel Bryan needs now is
an untimely frost that will kill the crops in the Mis
sissippi Valley and a drought next spring that will
leave the seed to dry in the ground. If to this an in
vasion of the bubonic plague could be added, or any
epidemic pestilence, he might succeed in polling
nearly as many votes as before. Without these aids
to his ambition all reasonable men see the hopeless
ness of his fight. Pie will go as General Weaver did.
He was twice the Presidential candidate of the organ
ized discontent of the country and was in his day the
same oratorical wonder that Bryan is now. But the
common sense of the country saw that government
cannot be safely founded on failure and disease, and
turned to the success and health that survived and
built on them.
So it will be now. Colonel Bryan will run and will
be left on the backstretch, as he was before.
It is said that some of the French generals testify
in the Dreyfus case with the affrighted countenances
of men who had just awakened from a terrifying
nightmare. Perhaps it is the threat of a coming
reality rather than a dream which stamps fear in their
faces.
Only three square inches on a two-foot map of
Luzon has been conquered by the American troops.
The military authorities might advantageously adopt
the policy of the gentleman who demanded a foot
every time he received an inch.
RUSSIAN TACTICS IN FINLAND.
RUSSIAN statesmen are past masters of the art
of holding conquered peoples in subjection by
exciting among them all forms of antagonism
that craft can manage to foment, whether of race,
or creed, or class. They arc now applying such tac
tics in Finland. Recent n ports from the province
announce that the suppression of the ancient constitu
tion, which guaranteed the self-government of the
Finns, has been followed by the appearance of Rus
sian emissaries among the peasants seeking to stir up
an agrarian agitation among the landless against the
land-owners.
According to a recent issue of Finland, a journal
devoted to the cause of the Finnish people, the
peasants have been told that under the Russian Gov
ernment their holdings will he considerably increased
at the expense of the present proprietors. It is be
lieved, however, the Finnish peasants will not be de
ceived by the promise to any great extent, as most of
them are fairly well educated and are familiar with
what befell the peasants of the Baltjc provinces who
believed similar tales from Russian officials when their
liberties were at stake, and who are now repenting
their folly.
It appears, moreover, that in Finland there is not
a sufficiently large number of landholdings to
excite the cupidity of the landless or to give
ri=e to a , widespread antagonism among the
people. According to the latest official reports
there were in Finland 117,704 cultivated farms,
and of these only 2694 contained more than
100 hectares, or 247 acres, the great bulk consisting of
small farms ranging from 20 to 100 acres. Out of the
total .36.559,000 hectares contained in the province the
nobility own but 364,437, or less than I per cent.
On such a showing it appears unlikely there, will
be any predisposition on the part of the peasants of
Finland to the antagonisms the Russian statesmen
are trying to engender.^lt is noted, furthermore, that
the Finns are pretty well aware that about 25,000.000
peasants are now on the verge of starvation because
of heavy taxation and military burdens laid upon
them. They will therefore have no great desire for
a reorganization of Finland on the Russian system..
The Finnish patriots in the meantime well under
stand the danger of such agitations as the Russians
are trying to start, and are doing all in their power to
prevent them. Large land-owners are co-operating
to assist the non-proprietary peasants to acquire land,
it being strongly felt that making every Finlander a
full proprietor in the soil will be the surest way of
keeping the whole people stable and united in the
struggle for the preservation of its ancient liberties
and rights.
General Bates has returned tj Manila from his con
ference with the Moros and announces that the Sultan
is friendly and recognizes our sovereignty, but as
nothing is said of a pension for him there will be «t
dread suspicion the news has been censored.
The British community in South Africa entertains
a very emphatic opinion that a permanent peace in
the Transvaal may be won only by a disarmament of
the Boers. The fellow with a gun always was con
sidered to be dangerous.
The interchange of compliments between Secre
tary Root and General -Miles may be only an official
courtesy, but it is better than the heartfelt talk that
went on between the general and the former Secre
tary of War.
A bond of sympathy appears to have been estab
lished between the market women of Paris and the
French agitator, Guerin. The invective of the dema
gogue probably won the good will of the ladies.
BRONZE BADGER FOR THE WISCONSIN.
The bronze badger, emblem of the State, and which is to be mounted on the
battleship Wisconsin, was cast in Chicago last week. The casting was witnessed
by a delegation of Milwaukee citizens. The badger, which is in a crouching atti
tude, will surmount the bronze shield containing the coat-of-arms of Wisconsin.
The entire weight of the casting will 1 be 1200 pounds. It is made from captured
Spanish cannon after a design by Paul Kupper. The figure and shield will be
mounted either on the prow or forward turret of the Wisconsin.
A BOORISH GOVERNOR
AL.IFORNIA has ample cause to feel thoroughly ashamed of her
> present Governor. It would seem as though he is lacking in about
I every essential that belongs to the gentleman. He Is coarse, rude
\^4 and uncivil and rides heedlessly over the feelings of the general run
of people Who come in business contact with him. He is allied with
about all that is corrupt in politics and that is abominable in his advisers.
The people might bear in silence the shortcomings of boorishness and in
patience bide the next election, but his present ungraceful posture is cer
tainly putting the State itself in an undesirable light with distinguished
visiting strangers. At the time of the launching of the Wisconsin, the
press had no criticism to make of the chief executive who appeared at the
Wisconsin banquet in a rough work coat and otherwise exhibited his police
court manners to the distinguished men of that State, then visiting San
Francisco. That episode was passed in silence. But within the past few
months three Governors and two committees from several States have
journeyed westward to greet on American soil their home-coming volun
teers. A Hottentot ruler would have extended some kind of a welcome to
such distinguished visitors. Certainly from a State noted for its hospitality
something was due in the way of acknowledging their presence. The Gov
ernor of Oregon, the Governor of Nebraska and the Governor of Colorado
will return home, however, without knowing that California has a chief ex
ecutive, or, knowing, it will understand that he is lacking in the first
essentials of politeness. On similar missions came delegations of promi
nent men from Pennsylvania. They came as representatives of their State
and were entitled to some official greeting, but they were ignored entirely
so far as the chief executive was concerned. Common decency, the com
monest kind of common courtesy, demanded that the Governor of Cali
fornia, in the name of the State, should extend some kind of a welcome to
these gentleman. At the disposal of the Governor there is a p'ubllc fund for
just such emergencies. There are State tugboats that could, without detri
ment to the public service, have been given over to the entertainment of
those visitors. He could at lf-ast have met them and shaken hands with
them. What did Governor Gage do? Simply nothing. He went into hid
ing with political manipulators, sneaked away from his duty, and acted
like a boorish clown to the everlasting discredit of California.
LATEST STORIES
of the
FUNNY MAN.
Couldn't Solve the Puzzle.
He was evidently unaccustomed to rail
way travel and was keenly alert to the
possibility of acquiring Information as tho
train rolled along. Gazing at the flying
landscape, his brain was puzzled by the
little signposts beside the track bearing
the single letter R or W. He stopped the
porter and asked him th<? meaning of the
signs.
"Oh," said he, "dem's whistle and ring
posts fer de engineer.
The traveler pondered, and became only
the more perplexed. In despair he repeat
ed his question to the conductor.
"Those signs are for the information of
the engineer," replied the conductor; "he
is to whistle or ring at certain points, as
indicated by those initial letters."
"Yep." said the traveler, "so 1 under
stood the porter; but I thought he must
be mistaken. I know \V stands for wring,
but how in thunder do you spell whistle
with an R?"— Argonaut.
Would Not Give Him the Chance.
A well-known naval officer has a beau
tiful daughter. A young lieutenant, with
no resources but bis pay, fell In love with
her, and asked the old gentleman for her
hand. The father at once taxed him with
the fact that he had only his pay— hardly
enough t" keep him in white gloves and
burnish his brass buttons.
"What you say is true, sir; but when
you married you were only a midshipman,
with even smaller pay than mine. How
did you get along?" asked the lieutenant,
who believed he had made the most dip
lomatic Of defenses. But he was mis
taken.
"I lived on my father-in-law for the
first ten years." thundered forth the craf
ty old admiral, "but I'll be hanged if you
a"re going to do it!"— The Verdict.
The Hint Cost a Cigar.
"Rluffklns is a good-hearted sort of a
chap, fond of his mtle joke, but he is not
remarkable for his generosity, and his
friends always smile benevolently on this
little failing- _, „, .
On the occasion in question Bluffkins
was smoking a cigar. This was not in it
self remarkable; what surprised Webb
was that the cigar was really good. Bluff
kins smoked with calm serenity.
"1 ponder if he has the mate?" thought
Webb. Then he said aloud:
"Fine cigar you're smoking, Bluffkins.
"Yes."
Webtt waited for the hint to take effect,
but his desire vas destined to remain un
gratilled. so he aaueu: "Who gave it to
you?"— Exchange.
English as She Is Spoke.
When Max O'Rell, the French lecturer,
announced to his mother, a good but ig
norant old French lady, that he was go
ing to America, she was shocked and hor
rified at his daring in adventuring so far
into the uncivilized wilds. "What lan
guage do they speak?" she demanded.
"English, of course," he replied, laugh
ing.
"Why, Max," she said, with deep seri
ousness, "I have heard several Ent,'li*h
gentlemen declare that no American
spoke English."— Exchange.
Had His Wit About Him.
A certain Irish member of Parliament,
popular and a bachelor, had been very
polite to the daughter of the house where
he was visiting, When the time came for
him to go, the too-anxious mamma called
him in for a serious talk.
"I'm sure I don't know what to say,"
she went on; "'tis reported all around
that you are to marry Letltta. "
"Just say that she refused me." quietly
advised the parliamentarian.— Exchange.
Her First Attempt.
Maud Muller on a summer day
Through the meadow dug her way.
The turf flew high and Maud grew lame;
Of golf it was her maiden game.
"What do you think of the artist, Al
bino, who painted a spider web upon the
celling so naturally that a chambermaid
spent the whole morning trying to sweep
it away?"
"There may be such an artist, but I do
not believe in the existence of such a 4
chambermaid."— Exchange.
Scene— Railway carriage on the Midland
Ranway. Enter a colonel with gamebag
and case of guns. Colonel (to passengers,
The Wave.
enthusiastically): "Beautiiul sport; 1 sixty
birds— sixty birds in two hours,, and only
missed two shots!" A quiet pentleman
sitting in the corner put down his paper,
rushed .across the. compartment and
grasped him warmly by the hand. "Al
low me to congratulate you. sir; I am a
professional myself." "Professional sports
man?" "No; professional liar."— Tit-Bits.
■ ♦ ■ . ■■
"THE CALL" PRIZE
GUESSING CONTEST
The winner of the prize guessing
contest as to the exact day. hour,
minute and second when the trans
port Sherman would be sighted will
be announced in next Sunday's Call.
Thanks for Tlie Call.
Editor. Call— Dear Sir: Let me thank
you on behalf .of the officers and crew of
the Concord for your kindness in sending
us the files of your valued newspaper.
Wherever tho ship may be if a mall comes
in we are sure to pet our bundle of Calls,
and they are eagerly read and passed
around. I wish you could understand how
much dull monotony has been relieved by
your thoughtful kindness. Sincerely yours,
J. B. BRIGGS,
Lieutenant Commander, Commanding.
U. S. S. Concord, Llngayen Gulf, P 1.,
July IS, 1890.
ABOUND THE
CORRIDORS
T. J. Field, a banker of Modesto, is at
the Palace.
F. Phiscator, a prominent Klondiker, is
at the Grand.
H. d. Hills, Justice of the Peace at Oro
ville, is at the Russ.
W. D ; Tillotson, a mining man of Red
ding, is* at the Palace.
A. W. Fox. a mining man of Grants
Pass, is at the Grand.
C. L. Stilson, ex-County Clerk of Butte
County, is at the Russ.
W. 11. Workman, ex-Mayor of Los An
geles, is at the Palace.
Richard Rule, a governmental agent of
El Paso, is at tho Lick.
T. C. White and O. J. Woodward, bank
ers of Fresno, are at the Lick.
C. H. Fitch of the United States Geo
logical Survey is at the Occidental.
R. S. Brown of the secret service is here
from Los Angeles and is staying at the
Occidental.
Lieutenant Commander Guttner was one
of the passengers on the Alamcda which
arrived yesterday. He is stopping at the
California.
C. N. Sterry, the chief counsel of the
Santa Fe Railroad and recently appointed
the successor' of E. F. Preston, counsel
of ths Valley Road, arrived last night
with his family and is stopping at the
Palace.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Aur. 25.— George W. Van
Spiegel of Los Angeles is at the Hoff
man. A. P. Patrick of San Francisco is
at the Imperial. Colonel S. Toplitz of Los
Angeles is at the Vendome. J.. p. Hopkins
of San Francisco is at the Martin. Charles
Dunham of San Francisco is at the Cos
mopolitan.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. Aug. 20.-J. D. Maxwell
of San Francisco is i t t the Rlggn House
H. A. Felton of San Francisco is at the
St. James.
NEW POINT DECIDED.
Judge Dunne Gives Judgment Against
a Witness Who Disobeyed
Summons.
The first action, it Is said, instituted far
the purpose of recovering damages under
section 1902 of the Code of Civil Procedure,
whirh provides for the recovery of dam-
I«£ from a person refusing to obey a
Sena and Tailing to attend a trial
when summoned, was decided by Justice
f the Peace Dunne yesterday. J A.
Waldtcufel was the plaintiff in an action
Po recover $72 damages for his refusal to
hbov the subpcna. After • reviewing the
{!„■{* Judge Dunne gave judgment a*
prayed. ■ t _
"CLOVER" WINS
WITH PRETTY
WALTZ MUSIC
H /^ LOVER" hqlds one disappointment
—Bessie Fairbain.' To live up to a
reputation pained in a night is
to live breathlessly, and Bessie
respires this week very evenly. Cast un
gratefully she does one tame specialty
and exit unmounied. Sho fa evidently best
as an Intrusion— aa part of the regular
action she does not ser-m remarkable. It
cannot be that her genius is unstable. But
"Clover" itself, with its merry and pa
thetic solos and fine ensemble work,
makes amends for any frustrate hope.
Little Marie Tempest, Marian Manola
Mason and the ever to be mourned Oudin
made Gotham love the. opera and "Stella"
became the tenor drawing-room ballad- of
the Four Hundred. The Grand Opera
house cast is entirely adequate to the de
mands of the pretty music and a very
even performance is the result, ualtz
time is conspicuous in solo and chorus
and simple waltz music always appeals.
Especially good are the quintet and chorus
of the third act and the prayer at the
close. In fact, that prayer is the only
good drop in the opera. The others are
limp and almost foolish in their sim
plicity. The third act is also favored
with a most realistic battle effect and a
bit of unintentional humor in the return
of Rudolph. Mr. Persse, from the heat
of that awful battle, Bpotless and exqui
site as a walking court ceremony. But
you phould see the other man. What a
lino subject for a medical student. He
stands and sings, a dripping archery tar
get and no one binds up his wounds.
Color harmony is generally well looked
to with the chorus, but artistic dressing
is an accident with the principals— one
week creations that the best costumer
would nut he ashamed to claim, and the
next personified ugliness. A little thought
ful esthetic direction would lessen the
chance of criticism and add nothing to the
expense account. Because these principals
are uniformly conscientious and satisfac
tory in theif work these remarks are
trimmed with reluctances, but the trim
ming does not alter the foundation, as t
should like it to stand. One of the maga
zines very graciously and courteously (?)
speaks this month of critics out for good
"copy"— ready to seize every opportunity
for keen shafts of irony and broad stabs
of ridicule; making their bread and butter,
or rather their cold bottle and cigars, In
a purely business way. The truth te, that
although their vocation prompts the
"looking for white stones to shj at," they
do not fly over the dramatic world like
buzzards looking for carrion and missing
more sights than they see. At the Grand,
Opera-house, when the opera is weH se
lected, they see a conscientious, enter
taining, pood performance, piving back in
even payment, and often with interest,
any expenditure of time and money. Xext
week "Paul Jones" is the attraction.
CHARLOTTE THOMPSON.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
OLD BRASS— Sub., City. It is said that
a solution of oxalic acid makes the best
liquid for cleaning old brass.
DEEP-SEA FISHING— W. S., Occiden
tal. For information about positions on
United States vessels engaged in deep
bi a scientific fishing make application on
boavd the United States steamship Al
batross, now In the harbor of San Fran
cisco.
A FENCE— Sub., Xaba, Cal. If you and
your neighbor have a division fence and
you want his hogs and sheep to keep off
your grounds, yen will have to maintain.
such a division fence as will keep them
out. If it were only cattle an ordinary
three-rail fence would be sufficient.
TO THE YKLI/.iW JOURNAL-N. O.
S. , City. The question you ask is one that
applies directly to the Yellow Journal
and it ought to be directed to the editor
of that sheet, but as it contains a sensi
ble suggestion it is not likely that the
editor of that sheet would pay any atten
tion to it.
GERMAN EMPEROR— Q., City. It was
announced at the time that the cause of
the displeasure between the Emperor of
Germany and his mother was on account
of his feelings to the English. He did not
imprison his mother at any time. The
Prince of Wales visited Germany at the
time of the ill-feeling, but what his pur
pose was was not made public property.
NO PREMIUM OFFERED— J. F. G.,
City. Dealers in coins do not offer any
premium for any of the following coins:
Half-dollars of 1840 and 1S50: dimes of 1-40
ls.Ml, 1851, 1852 and 1853; half-dimos of 1845,
1871, 1K72 and 1573: l-ceni piece of 1824. The
half-dollars described soil at an advance
of 25 cents, the dimes at prices varying
from 20 cents to 30 cents, the half-dimes at
an advance of 25 cents, and the cent at
prices varying from 1(» to 9it cents.
DIVORCED PEOPLE— A Reader. Fall
brook. Cal. The law that prohibits per
sons divorced in California from re
marrying in the State within a ye&T aft<r
the decree was passed by the Legislature
that was in session in 1897. Marriages on
land in which divorced persons wrepe the
principals prior to that date were valid
and the marriage of such, persons on "the
doep sea" were only cent raft Jmarriages,
but such are recognized If the fact of the
contract can be established.
RIGHT OF WAX— W., North Branch,
Cal. The questions of right of way
through the property of another are such
that they cannot be answered in an off
hand manner, as very much depends up
on the conditions. As a general ru
person desiring right-of-way must make
application to the Superior Court of tha
county for the condemnation of property
and then viewers are appointed, and uporj
their report the court takes action.
The other question as to 8 road through
a ranch and tho right to maintain a ti nfco
with a gate across that road is one that
a court of law would have to determine,
PARROTS -Several subscribers. City. la
order to take proper care of a parrot the
first rule to bfl observed is cleanliness
then plenty of gravel in the bottom of the
cage, feeding at regular and stated tim'os
and feeding the most simple and plain or
coarse food. A good food for parrots ia
cold boiled potatoes, stale bread or crack
ers, soaked, sometimes in water, scru
tinies in milk and sometimes in coffee, us-
Ing the coffee just as it is. leached or
boiled, without the addition of either
milk or sugar. The parrot also likes, ca
nary seed, -unhullfd rice, cracked ,corn
and hemp seed, but of the latter two !>wt
very little should be given. Never give a
parrot any greasy food from the table,
nor sugar, cake or randy, (live them
peanuts and occasionally a piece of apple
or green, popper. Repeat frequently what
you want a parrot to learn, and. if it is of
the speuklng kind it will soon learn.
1 — » ♦ » ,
Large variety of chocolates. Townsend's.*
Strong horehound candy ,15c. Townsend's.*
Treat your friends to Townsend's Cali
fornia glace fruits. 50c per lb in fire
etthed boxes. 6*27 Market, Palace Hotel.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by iha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's) 510 idou:-
KoriKry street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Unknown Man Drowned.
■ The body of an unknown man was found
floating. in ihe bay yesterday^ morning
near -the foot of Spear street.- The body
bad: been in. the water for several days.
It was that of a ; nian, evidently a laborer,
45 years old. with recMish mustache. He
wore a coat of dark diagonal, gray jean
trousers and laced pointed -shoes. The
body is at ■ the Morgue 'awaiting identifi
cation. •■ .<.,? > ■ > •>■-■
Very Low Rates East
On August 29 and 30. the popular Santa Fa
route wjll sell tickets to Philadelphia and' re
turn at the very low rate ,of $88 85. Oce»-
Eton. National Encampment. G. A. R. Call at
628 Market st. for full particulars. . .
;v9 r ;. Siegerfs- Angostura jßitters—acknowl
,eded the. world over a* .the greatest .known
regulator of the stomach and bowels.AMERICAN
POLICY IN
PHILIPPINES
Peace First. Then a Stable
Government. Declares
the President.
FLAG THERE TO STAY
Liberty, Opportunity and Humanity
He Says. Must Ba Vouchsafed
the Conquered.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
OCEAN GROVE. N. J.. Aug. 25.—
President McKinley in a speech here
this afternoon paid:
"I believe that there is more love for
our country and more people love the
flap: than ever befdre. Wherever the
flag is raised it stands not for despot
ism and oppression, but for liberty and
opportunity and humanity, and what
that flap has done for us we want it
to do for all peoples and for all lands
which by the fortune of war have
come within its jurisdiction. That flag
does not mean one thins in the United
States and another in Porto Rico and j
the Philippines. There has been some J
doubt in some quarter? respecting the
policy of the Government in the Philip
pines. I see no harm in stating it in
this presence. Peace first, then with
charity for all establish a government
of law and order, protecting life and
property and occupation for th--- well
being of th^ people who will partici
pate in it under the stars and stripes."
SULU ISLAND MAY
CAUSE MORE TROUBLE
Germany and England Interested by-
Virtue of an Almost Forgotten
Treaty.
Special Cable to The Call and the Now York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Goi~
don Bennett.
PARIS. Aug. 25.— dispatch published
in the Herald on August 14 giving an ac
count of the negotiations between General
Bates and the Sultan of Sulu may open
up a somewhat interesting point in Inter
national law.
The trade of England and Germany In
the Sulu archipelago Is regulated by a
convention drawn up between Spain, Eng
land and Germany. As this convention.
dating from the year 1 77. has somewhat
dropped out of sight, the Herald corre
spondent took advantage of the presence
in Paris of Spencer Pratt, former Consul
General of the United States at Singa
pore, to obtain his views on the question.
Mr. Pratt stated the situation in Sulu as
follows:
"Though after the Sulu war of 1876 the
Sultan formally admitted Spain to suzer
ainty over his dominions, this was more
apparent than real and limited to the ■ --
tablishment of a Spanish garrison on the ;
islands of Sulu, Sassl and a few other
points of minor importance. Trouble with
'foreign powers began by Spain on the
strength of these garrisons, levying or
endeavoring to levy customs and other
duties on goods landed on other points,
and otherwise hampering trade with the
archipelago. This led to constant friction
and especially with England and Germany |
and in 1577 both these countries protested
with such vigor that on March 11 conven
tion was entered into which defined the
position of these powers in the archipel
ago.
"Spain abandoned the necessity it form-
■:■!>■ imposed on merchant ships bound for
Butu of calling at Bamboa to pay du
tirs and obtain permit of navigation and !
accorded complete freedom of navigation :
throughout the Sulu archipelago.
"In the ports occupied by Spain the Gov
ernment of the King reserved to itself the
risht of imposing duties and sanitary reg
ulations, but on the points effectively oc
cupied by Spain it undertook at the same
time to maintain the necessary establish
ment and functionaries for the necessaries
of commerce.
"Spain's supremacy has now come. to an
end, but the question remains whether in I
the terms of the article of the treaty of
Paris her obligations as suzerain power
have not devolved on the United States.
"The Sultanate of Sulu." Bald Mr. Pratt,
"comprises Sulu Island and some 140 other
islands. The population is estimated at
HO.fNiO Mohammedan by religion and more
or less pirates by instinct. The Sultan, a
man of fair intelligence, has at times had
difficulty in ruling his people.
"This was one of the most powerful rea
sons for dmitting Spanish suzerainty, as
tho presence there of garrisons contribu
ted •■• maintain his power. It was for
this reason that, as far back as February
last special information having reached
me to the effect that the Spanish garri
son was about to evacuate Sulu and leave
the Sultan to contend alone against a :
peaceful coalition in order to prevent
civil war, I urged general Otis to at once
dispatch an American force to Sulu to
recognize the reigning Sultan under the
protection of the United States, with such
guarantees as existing conditions might
require, but with as little interference as i
possible with the established Mohamme
dan laws and customs, merely affording !
him means of holding his own against j
those who were or might be contesting i
with his authority. This I consider was |
the only safe and rational policy, and 1
hope that it is. the one our Government •
decided to adopt."
RECRUITS AT VANCOUVER.
Soldiers for the Thirty-Fifth Report
to Lieutenant Colonel Plummer.
KCOUVEK BARRACKS, Wash..
25._ Four hundred and twenty-three
■- In addition to the thirteen hun
dred new men romposing the Thirty
• ifth Rfgtment. T\ S. V.. have reported to
Lieutenant Colonel Plummer. This, In
mpany B. Twenty-fourth In
fantry, aggregates upward of ISSO men.
I A NEW GRAPHOPHONEf
REPRODUCES SAME "
a ALL STANDARD *
i MAKE YOUR OWN RECORDS \
I The pleasure in owning a Graphophone is largely increased by beiner able to make and mL
i* rf produce your own re^rds. Wo furnish this machine with recorder for tj.a<), me
Z SSng it the cheapest recording and reproducing talking macQine on the market. *C
W Graphophoncs of every description. SEND FUR CATALOGLE COLUMBIA J
J; PHONOGRAPH COMPANY, 72S Market street, San Francisco, Cal. 2:
BATTLESHIP ALABAMA
READY FOR THE NAVY
New Fighting Craft to Go Out to Sea on Monday
on the Builders' Trial Trip.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 25.— From the yards of the Cramp Company the battleship Alabama, the most powerful
vessel of her class in the American navy, will go out to sea Monday on her builders 1 trial trip. Her behavior on this
voyage will be watched with great interest everywhere, for the Alabama represents the latest advance of American
skill in naval construction. Her two sister ships, the Wisconsin, at the Union Iron Works, and Illinois, at Newport
News, are in course of construction.
Her principal dimensions are: Length on load water-line, 36S feet; extreme breadth, 72 feet 5 inches; mean
draught. 23 feet 6 inches; displacement at this draught, 11,525 tons.
The motive power consists of two vertical inverted three-cylinder triple-expansion engines driving twin screws,
estimated to develop 10,000 indicated horse-power under moderate forced draught. The Alabama's armament consists
of four 13-inch breech-loading rilles, mounted in pairs in two elliptical turrets on the middle line, one forward and
one aft of the superstructure; fourteen 6-inch rapid-fire breech-loading rifles, mounted in sponsons on the casement
deck, and a secondary battery of sixteen six-pounders and four one-pounder rapid-fire guns, one Gatling gun and
one field gun.
There will be four torpedo tubes, and the total weight of metal which this namesake of the famous Confed
erate cruiser will be able to discharge in a broadside of her entire batteries will be 2962 pounds; or, if firing from
both sides, 5924 pounds.
The elliptical turrets, which are a novelty in the design of the Alabama, are calculated to afford a decrease in
weight and a better arrangement of interior space for those loading and ir.anning the guns. They also present a
narrower front to the guns of th-" 1 enemy.
According to experts the armor of the Alabama is the most complete ever put upon a battleship. It is of
Harveyized nickel steel. The side armor is 16% inches thick at the top of the belt, and tapers to 9^ inches at the
bottom. In the turrets the porthole plates are 17 inches thick, and other plates 15 inches. The protective deck rises
from the lower inside edge of the water-line belt upward and inside to a level with the top of the belt, and forms
an armored flat, the slope being 4 inches aft. 3 inches forward, and on the flat 2% inches thick.
Another novelty on the Alabama is the placing of her two smokestacks abreast of each other instead of along
the axis of the vessel. In pome respects the Alabama resembles the lowa, though the new battleship is eight feet
longer and several inches r>->.rrower than her predecessor.
the largest number ever quartered at
Vancouver Barracks at one time. Re
.run- continue to arrive in small squads.
Th»- enlisted men of the Thirty-fifth regi
ment are now undergoing re-examination.
About 10 per cent of the companies exam
ined thus far have failed to pass the phys
ical :■ '
Ohio Reaches Manila.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 25.— The following
has been received at the War 1'
ment :
MANILA, A '.it-. 25.- Adjutant General. Wash
ington: Transport Ohio arrived this morning.
No casualties. Five sick left at Honolulu.
OTIS.
The transport Ohio sailed from San
Francisco July 26 with Companies C and
L, Nineteenth United States Infantry.
• leven officers and ~,j.', < n
men.
Home Again.— Get the Wasp's souvenir
of the California Volunteers' return.
Thirty-two pages of war pictures. For
sale at all newsdealers, :" cents. •
Will Issue Bonds.
BAKERSFIKLD. Aug. 25. The City
Trustees to-day passed a resolution of
intention to pave seven blocks of Nine
teenth street under the ten-year bond act.
a representative of th<- City Street Im
provement Company of San Francisco is
here urging the board to lay out the work,
claiming the present law Is all right.
Dr. T. E. Shumate has returned from
Europe and moved his office to 754 Sutler.*
Given a Commission.
DENVER, Aug. 25.— A special to the
News from El Paso says: George Cur
ry, Sheriff of Otero County, New Mexico,
who was a captain in Roosevelt's Rough
Riders, has been appointed a lieutenant :
in the Eleventh Cavalry, now being 1
formed in the Philippines. Tie. has ten
dered his resignation as Sheriff.
■ ■»» —
Keith's French hats, new French hats. !
Keith's Opening, September 1 and 2. •
New Customs Officer.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 2o.— The Secretary
of War has appointed Alexander Speel of
Minnesota chief of the Division of cus
toms and Insular Affairs of the War De
partment in place of Major John J. Per
shing, who has been ordered to Manila
for duty on the staff of General Otis.
A Krpat number of new paintings added to
Gump's Art Gallery. 113 Geary et. *
Serenaders Injured.
WATSONVILLE. Aug. 25.— Last night a
large b<*rry wagon containing a merry
' party of Berenaders went over one of the
grades m tin- Chittenden road, near this
city. Miss SAabe] Barnhouse was the only
i member of the party severely hurt, al-
I though many of the others were scratched
| and bruised. The accident was caused by
i the driver losing his way in the heavy fog.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 26. 1899.
BROKEN IN
HEALTH AND
PENNILESS
Thirty-Two Survivors of the
Edmonton Trail Reach
Civilization.
: Disxtatcb to The Call.
WRANGEL. Alaska. Aug. 2?.. via Seat-
A.ug. IT,.— The Stickeen River steamer
Strathccna has arrived here with thirty
two survivors nf the Edmonton rouco
Their names arc: T. Daucy, Ontario; T
Thornton. Selkirk; A. McCulloch, Piilla
delphia: B. E. Palmer, Chicago; C. John-
Bon, Chicago; A. Lawroy, Canada; H. Ah
erhalden, 'Manitoba; W. Andette. Wiscon-
Bir.; D. S. Daley, SHkirk; N. Johnson,
Winnipeg; J. A. Howell, Winnipeg: C. 15.
Butterfleld, St. Louis; M. D. Jackson. On
taric; B. A. Hoffner. Minnesota; G. Page,
Detroit; William Barker, Akron, Ohio; O.
11l i Hafle, Canada; E. S. Cole, A. La'h
rop, \V. Harris. Pelican Rapids, Mi.in :
M. Dunn, Canada; < '. Husen, Lansing,
Mich.: E. Goodall. Canada; Dr. Dornhotf,
Cincinnati; J. Ashton, London, England,
A. F. Belisle, Ontario; T. Belisle, Ontario;
J. B. Caldwi-11, Chicago; J. Gagnon, Butte.
Mont.; A. Hutton, Chicago.
Many are suffering from scurvy and
frozen limbs, several are on crutches and
all are broken down physically and finan
cially.
William Harris, A. Lathrop of Pelican.
Rapids, Minn., and R. Leary of Edgerton,
Win., three of a party of nine that ler't
Edmonton in April of last year, suffer -\
almost Indescribable horrors, natrow'y
escaping starvation several times. They
owe their lives to the active relief par
ties sent out by the Hudson Bay Company
ai the orders of the Canadian Govern
ment. Harris lost the toes off one foot
and is on crutches. Lathrop Is a scurvy
victim and was brought In on a stretcher
froni Dease Lake to Glenora. G. Page of
Ontario walks with canes, another victim
of the dreaded scurvy contracted s\x
months ago. William Barber of Akron,
Ohio", a member of the Johnson paity
from Philadelphia, is In a precarious con
dition f-om scurvy.
Thomas Gagnon of Butte. Mont., toll* a
story of thrilling escapes from drowning
and Starvation. With two companions and
forty-flve horses he left Edmonton In
March last year. Twenty of the horse.s
■were drowned about thirty miles above
Athabasca Landing, where the water
route was abandoned for the land trail by
way of St. Johns Landing. Once, when
they ran short of provisions, a horse was
killed and th< flesh eaten. Later In De
cember Fort Nelson was reached and the \
horses numherr-d thirteen. Jones, one of i
the party, remained there while Edivarl
Barton and Gagnon Btarted for Liard
Post in the dead of winter when the ther
mometer registered 60 below. Their camp
was pitched wherever night overtook
them. Gagnon finally reached his des
tination last April. Barton was drowned
while trying to cross the Liard River on
a raft. Gagnon is a physical wreck, hav
ing fallen off in weight about sixty
pounds.
G. Mm Ha fie of Ontario and Oharies
Johnson of ("hicago, members of the
White mounted party from Chicago, were
cno. four days without food and wou'ul
have died had they not fallen In with
other miners on the trail forty miles he
low Liard Post. This party kilied and
ate their sleigh flogs. The rest of their
party, six in number, are still in the Cas-
Sisr region, working on the railroad.
J. B. ("aid well, one of the party of three
from Chicago, attempted the overland
route and reached the Pelly banks after
eight months on the trail. Frank Morgan
and Fred Smith, partners of Caldwell, are
among those still on the trail, afflicted
with scurvy.
A man by the name of Jack Rolton was
accidentally shot last winter at Burleigh
portage on th<> banks of Muddy River,
forty-five miles from Atlln Lake.
D. Dunn of Chicago, who is now bed
ridden with scurvy, tells a pitiful story
of the death of his partner, Kanute Nef
son. Dunn, Nelson and four others ran
out of provisions at Cranberry Rapids
camp last spring. These six journeyed to
Liard Post to get supplies. Having no
moiuy. F. Edwards. In charge of the
Hudson Bay post there, refused them
food unless security was furnished. Their
guns and ammunition had been left at the
abandoned camp and an arrangement was
made by which Dunn and Nelson volun
t»" red to retrace their steps and secure
the guns as security. On the return trio.
when they were still twenty miles from
1.ar.l Posi the snow softened so mucn
that snowshoes were abandoned. Nelson
became exhausted and almost demented
from hunger. Dunn pushed on alone to
Liard Post and returned to assist Nelson
only to find him dead. He had been dead
but a few hours, as the body was not yet
stiff
Captain J. W. Howell of Winnipeg
states that provisions were scarce and
high priced at all the military posts alone
the Mud and Liard rivers.' At Liard Post,
however, sugar was 60 cents a pound, l?rd
60 cents and flour $28 a sack.
O. Perry of Minnesota and It. P. Van
Orden of Lisbon, N. D., are from Tele
graph trail, out of Ashcroft. B. C. There
were six in the party, all of whom reached
Glenora early last winter after having
been on the trail 126 days. Telegraph trail
is a pure map trail, as ihes> men found
when about 100 milos out of Hazelton.
Their horses, forty-five in -number, were
drowned, and when Gienora was readied
the men were starving. havi:i;; eaten
nothing for four days. No game whatever
was s-efr. en route.
lost of the Edmonton trail survivors
are without money, and in accordance
with instructions recently receive*] from
"Washington those in need will be cared
for and transported to Seattle at once.
The steamer Strathcona will make .an
other trip to Glenora shortly to bring
down the thirty-two stragglers that are
being brought in by the Hudson Bay Com
pany. .Most of those left on the trail ere
the sick and wounded and are now be
ing brought in on stretchers with medi
cal attendance.
WASHINGTON'S LATEST.
Knives and Forks Washed at Table
Before Guests.
The Washington correspondent of the
Mail and Express tells the story of a
gu^st at a fashionable West End dinner
party who called for hot water in a
finger bowl. On receiving it she emptied
therein the contents of a bottle she
drew from her pocket, and proceeded to
wasK her knife, fork and plate before
BEDLOE IS
ACCUSED BY
CHINESE
More Trouble for the De-
posed American Consul
at Canton.
BID RECORD AT AMOY
His Attorney Says the United
States Was Not at War When
Certificates Were Issued.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WEL
LINGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON.
Aug. 25. — In addition to th<n question as
to his action in granting a certificate
of ownership to the alleged filibuster
ing steamer Abbey, Dr. Edward Bedloe.
Consul at Canton, will be required
upon his return to Washington to an
swer to charges preferred against him
by the Chinese Government. Just what
their character is officials decline to
say, but it is understood they relate in
some manner to the issuance of Ameri
can certificates to Chinese. Close offi
cial friends of Dr. Bedloe assert that*
he is the victim of a conspiracy.
The Abbey is held at present by Ad
miral Watson under orders from the
Secretary of the Navy, and her release
can only be effected after the Navy
Department has had all the facts pre
sented to it. If she is not released the
question may turn on the action of Dr.
Bedloe in granting her an American
registry without fully informing him
self of the character of the vessel.
Dr. P.edloe's attorneys said to-day
that the Abbey carried only one cargo
of arms and ammunition to the Phil
ippines. "The sale of these arms and
ammunition," he continued, "was made
in the office of the United States Con
sul Genera] at Hongkong, Mr. Wild
man. The Abbey was placed under the
American Hag in the United States
consulate at Canton. The statement
that Dr. Bedloe gave assistance to the
Filipinos is false and malicious. Be
sides, at the time he issued the certifi
cate the United States was not at war
with the Filipinos, but they were prac
tically allies."
It is understood that Consul General
Wildman is connected with the presen
tation of Dr. Bedloe's action regarding
the Abbey to the department.
The suspension of Dr. Bedloe was
only ordered after the department had
fully informed itself of the facts. Dr.
Bedloe was appointed Consul at Can
ton on October 4, 1897, from Philadel
phia, Notwothstanding his strong in
dorsements he experienced much diffi
rulty in getting his last appointment,
as his record for efficiency at Amoy
had not been of the best.
_ — ,
PROTEST AGAINST
DEWEY'S ACTION
WASHINGTON, Aug 25.— The Navy De
partment has received a protest from W.
F. Sylvester of London, one of the owners
<>f the ship Abbey, seized by Admiral
Dewey on the charge of carrying arms to
the Filipinos. He states that he is about
to come to Washington to contest this
seizure on the ground that the Filipinos
were the allies of the United States at the
time these arms were shipped. At the
same time the State Department, through
Consul General Goodnow at Shanghai,
has prosecuted an inquiry into the ship
ment of arms, and a report i« now before
the department. Based on the report, the
State Department is preparing a letter to
the Navy Department which will be the
ground for further proceedings. The own
ers of the Abbey have retained counsel
here to look after their interests, and he
has filed a number of papers both at the
State and Navy departments, and called
to-day to submit documents in the case.
The ramiiications of the Abbey seizure
are engaging the attention of the State.
War and Navy departments and promise
to bave some interesting sequels. It is
Bald at the State Department that the ac
tion taken as to Consul BetUoe, our rep
resentative at Canton, was because he
certified that Mr. Sylvester was an Amer
ican citizen, and on this the Abbey se
cured a registry. A letter just received
here from Consul Bedloe states that he
is on leave of absence and is on his way
home via San Francisco.
eating:. Observing the general aston
ishment, silent though it was, she ex
plained that she always carried an an
tiseptic with her to sterilize everything
that had to do with her meals. "What
an excellent idea," said the hostess.
The story illustrates a phase of the an
tiseptic craze which is now possessing
Washington, another example of which
is the custom now almost universal
among the barber shops of the capital
of sterilizing everything used in the va
rious departments of the tonsorial pro
fession.
ADVERTISEMENTS. __,
r~»t« ■:■ « i ♦ i » i ♦ .;.'«■:■*■: ,>^♦4.^.4. ♦■i.«.i.» 1 • •:• • i »■; ■♦*♦ ■:■•■!■* i >■:■>•?•«
[ l : . ESTABLISHED 1869.
Visitors to the City
Are respectfully invited to examine our large and varied
stock of seasonable goods, including Ladies' Tailor-Made
Suits. Ladies' Fine Quality Underwear, Eiderdown Dress-
ing Jackets, Fancy Neckwear, Laces, Black and Colored
I>ress Goods, Silks, Hosiery and Corsets, Silk and Muslin
Shirt Waists (in great variety), Wash Goods. Ribbons. No-
tions, Trimmings, Gentlemen's fine quality Underwear and
Neckwear, Gloves, Veilings, etc. We specially invite atten-
tion to our stock of Boys' and Children's Clothing, which
we are offering at the most inviting prices.
!F(Jf Murphy Building, /
Cor. Market, Jones and McAllister Sts.
WOMAN'SJREAST AND MAN'S LIP |
x^fif™jl^^^^^^^ most common ,
! fflßP^flßEßßEji^^t^fcL. vl *h°l ( " humun ;
\ : i^«**i» ' w j\ upen In my of-
V . 'f~^l JT J flees. Lady at-
t*?'&^ A t*ndant. Any j
jßß^b^^-V-^^^^^Womaa'3 Breast |
I And if allowed to get large always poisons th»
! glands In the armpit. When cancer In the ,
| armpit gets large cure is almost Impossible.
! BOOK SENT FREE
"With addressee and testimonials of thousands
I have cured in California.
S. R. CHAMLEY, M.D,, 25 Third St.. S F.
LITTLE PALACE SANITARIUM.
ET'Send this to some one with cancer.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON S.TS.-RE-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD *
CO. European plan. Rooms, 50c to $i »0 day;
$o to |8 week; *8 to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; fire *rate» la every
' room; elevator run* all night.
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
GRAND OPcKA SEASON.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2 P. M.
"Cavallerjajusticana"
"i PAGLIACCI."
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
AFTER THE PARADE!!!
CURTAIN WILL RISE AT NINE.
"CAYALLERIA" and "I PAGLIACCI "
DON'T MISS THIS GREAT TREAT!!
THE BIG SUCCESS OF THE SEASON!!
FAMOUS SINGERS IN THE CAST!!
LAST TIME SUNDAY NIGHT!!
POPULAR PRICES ~ 2.->c and 50c
Telephone for Seats— Bush 9.
NEXT "WEKK— "Gloconda" and "Rigoletto."
CHUTES AND zoo
CLOSED TO-NIGHT.
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW
THIS AFTERNOON AT 2:30.
ONLY ORANG-OUTANG IN AMERICA
ON FREE EXHIBITION.
WONDERFUL ANIMALS IN THE ZOO. "
Visit " Dawn," the Parisian Illusion. I
NEXT "WEEK.
ADGIE AND HER LIONS.
ONE OF THE PRINCIPAL
SIGHTS OF THE CITY
I BATTLE I
OF
I MANILA I •
Market Street, near Eighth.
GOLDEN GATE AGRICULTURAL
DISTRICT NO. I.
Races Jg^ Races
EMERYVILLE.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB'S TRACK.
A-up. 26, 2S, 29, 30, 31. Sept. 1. 2.
TWO HARNESS AND THREE RUNNING
RACES EACH DAY.
Racing Begins 'at * 2 o'clock.
ADMISSION $1.
W. M. KENT. Pres. JOS. I. DIMOND. Sec.
Iff ittf . Sat rjHB 9 J^ fffil
Choicest I^uits.Vines.Vege-
-tables. Grains & Grasses
OF fALIFORNIA'r
A Gli£K\ S\OCVw SWO^I. I
'■fi§Q\ijs Ervtertair\mer\t.
£XHJBJTSTFANSPORT£D Free
Excursion Rates To ITO R.S.
WklTB FOR I>ARTICUIAR
HTERJ. AHiFjn^* < A.B.>SPPkEGKLES
AmusjbmjLJN is.
Fop the convenience of those
anxious to see the parade, to-
night's performance will not
commence until 9 o'clock.
MATINEETO-DAY i SAT. >, Aug. 26.
Parquet, ZSci balcony, 10c; children, Me, any
part.
THE GREATEST VAUDEVILLE
SHOW ON EARTH
Opening to-morrow, FELIX MORRIS AND
COMPANY an.l th- European Marvels, the
MOULIERE SISTERS.
COLUMBIA tSb
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2:15.
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY NIGHT!
TO-NIGHT CUR i SIN RISES AT 9 0 CLOCK.
CLAY CLEMENT
In His Successful Romantic Comedy,
"A Southern Gentleman."
A COMPANY OF EXCEPTIONAL. EXCEL-
LENCE.
NEXT MONDAY—
CLAY CLEMENT,
"THE HEW DOMINION "
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
FIRST MATINEE TO-DAY
OF THAT LAUGHTER CYCLONE,
A BACHELOR'S
HONEYMOON,
ONE CONTINUAL LAUGH.
HEAR DELIA STACEY SING 'ON THE
ROAD TO MANDELAY." The WhlstlinK
Son*. "LAZY BILL." "MR. JOHNSON,
DON'T GET GAY."
REMEMBER
The Special Sundtv Matinee !
TO-MORROW AFTERNOON AT 2:15.
Reserved Seats. 25c. 50c, 75c an.l $1.
Matinee, 25c. 860 and 75c.
DON'T FORGET THE SUNDAY MATINEE.
ALCAZAR™
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2.
EXTRA MATINEE SUNDAY.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESEY.
ROMEO AND JULIET!
CURTAIN RISES TO-NIGHT at 9 O'CLOCK.
INGOMaß!—^i^^.—!NGi)aUß!
SEATS NOW ON SALE. '
PRICES— ISc, 2:>c. 35c. EOc.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 532.
USUAL SATURDAY MATINEE.
SPECIAL SUNDAY MATINEE,
As Theater CLOSES To-night for Celebration
The very fum . -.' comic opera,
CLOVER
LIVING TABLEAU REPRESENTING THE
CALIFORNIA REGIMENT IN BATTLE.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES, 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
MONDAY EVENING the patriotic comic
opera. "PAUL JONES."
BASEBALL!
Santa Cruz
vs.
Oakland
TO-DA V AT 3 F>- M.
SUNDAY AT2.-3O P. M.
RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and Harrison streets.
GENERAL ADMISSION. 25 CENTS
LADIES ADMITTED FREE TO GRAND
STAND.
PICNICS. AND EXCURSIONS.
Nt T7\T T% * T>T7 TaKe San Mateo
GLEN PAKJV Electric Cars
'J* Jl - 111 X _ Admission. ..loc.
THIS . SUNDAY ! ; THIS SUNDAY !
AMATEUR DaY
AND
BIG PROFhSi-'ONAL BILL
. IN FREE THEATER.
BUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
ADMISSION, 10c: CHILDREN, sc.
Bath!-.', including admission. 25c; children. 30a.
78
SAMOAN CHIEFS
ARE QUIESCENT
Provisional Government at Apia
Being Carried on Without
Trouble.
A
- :■ ft a;
- ■
■
■ -
■
■ ■
• ■
■
■ -
■ -
■
- - • -
rtui
_- as a
-
■
■
-
- I
I ■
■
-
-
- ■
■
■
-
-• ■ :
-
-
-
■
■
■
-
: -
-
-
-
■
lit Of
m : M.
-
■
:
-
■
BRIGHT OUTLOOK
FOF STATE FAIR
Every Inch of Space in
Pavilion Taken.
■
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 25.— The Ptate
In this city a
■
g ■■ at
■ - ducts and
:. In
•..- " ■ •
ton ■ ducts
justify. This year re
■ :. and
: hie.
In the pavilion every Inch of the
more than three acres of floor space has
been taken by exhibitors, who under
stand that their booths must possess
artistic merit and that nothing com
monplace will be allowed. One exhib
itor alone is expending $1000 upon his
booth; another is expending $700, and
others are going to an expense vari
ously less than these amounts.
The city of Sacramento displays this
year a marked zeal toward making the
approaching event one long to be re
membered. The leading fraternal and
beneficiaJ organizations of the city have
selected a particular da- during the
two weeks of the fair, to be known as
their day, an a pronounced rivalry
has sprung up among them as to which
event shall be the biggest. The women
of Sacrament i will take part in the
opening exercises at the pavilion. No
lees than twenty-seven different asso
ciations, the membership of. some of
which numbers over 100, have signified
their Intention to be on hand. The
management promises the public that
every exhibit will be !n place at this
time, and the intention is practically to
turn the pavilion over to the women.
In the upper part of the north wing,
where the art gallery is situated, room
will be set apart for the use of com
mittees of women, and here light re
freshments will be served to visitors
without cost. On each succeeding night
there will be a musical and vaudeville
programme, which will change daily.
Entries in all departments show that
there will be an immense number and
variety of the very highest class of
California products exhibited in the
Pavilion. The variety of fowls which
will be exhibited in the poultry depart
ment has never been surpassed.
Among the most interesting features
in the Pavilion will be a silo and en?i
/ in operation under the
supervision of Professor Douglas T.
Fowler of the State University. This
model and, to California, modern meth
f preparing and preserving green
food for a winter ration for stock will
be explained In every detail. A com
plete mod< m dairy, under the uuper-
Ai&Jor Alvord of the United
Statf-s Department of Agriculture, will
ifaowu in full operation.
Among the stock that will be shown
at the park there will be representa
of the finest nerds of cattle in
America and Europe, and the parade of
road horses promises to outclass any
thing' ever seen.hT'-. While th» man
ment has attempted to make the
agricultural features of th<? coming bier
State exposition paramount to all i tse,
at the same time it has succeeded in
procuring a list rt entries to track
events that gives assurance of an ex
hibit! on of racing the equal of which
has seldom be*n witnessed in this State.
( iver 150 runners have already been
stalled, and new quarters have be^n
ary to accommodate the
demand.
Special features have been added to
■ was already a full programme,
here will be plenty to Interest, In
struct or amuse all visitors to the fair.
Several beautiful paintings from this year"»
Tarts Salon at the Gump Art Gallery, lit
Geary it. •
M. Leigh, the Times (London) special
correspondent; also leaves to-cay.
Throughout the whole of f-.is stay he has
; bee:: jr. open sponsor of the German ana
i Mataafa party ar.d his writings are In*
I their favor.
, Compensation claims of Britishers are
being inquired Into by Major Mair uni^er
Instruction from Mr EUot. They .will
amount to about SSO.OOQ. It is claimed here
i that the thrc-e powers are bound legally
and morally to see that compensation is
paid for losses during the late disturb
ances to the foreign residents in these
islands. Who pays mat compensation is
Quite beside tne question and must be
asreed upon between the powers. Under
the Berlin treaty the three powers made
! certain declarations which were ar.d
tantamount to guaranteeing the safety
i ard security of life and property to its
subjects or. citizens.
Titles to land around Apia were ac
i .quired by foreigners; who built houses
and made smiiing homesteads in what
had previously to the validation of the
titles to these lands by the commission
1 and Supreme Court appointed by tne
treaty been blocks of land covered w:tn
virgin forest. All these houses :ind home
steads hui:: up under the guarantee r.r
the Berlin treaty have been ruthlessly
looted and destroyed to a great extent.
The whites have nci been be'.lieerents
during the late war and many of them
were prevented from remaining in their
homes or returning to the same by tne
naval authorities, who wished to have no
Impediment or hindrance to military np
erations. Under these circumstances the
whites feei that they have a right to ask
and obtain compensation from the united
treaty powers. , ■
The collier Aberenda. with coal for
American warships and material for tne
pier being erected" at Paso Pago, arrived
yesterday. She called at Tahiti on her
way from New York ar.d reports all weh
on board. ■ '■''■ "
The Taurang British warship, left iast
week and the only men-of-war in har
bor are the ("ormorar. (German* and the
Torch (British). H. M. S. Pylades is ex-
pected here any day to take the place or
the Tauranga." *
I do not think thai any organized fight
ing will take place between the rival par
ties but in some places thero is a bitter
feeline: which may result in small parties
coming to blows. Chief Justice Osborn
has imposed sentences of hard labor on
three ol four natives for having firearms
in their possession after the date of the
proclamation by the high commissioners
prohibiting the possession of firearms by
Samoans. ."::■ '■-■'
Princess Faamuu, a young ana narn
sorn<=- Princess and the only daughter of
the late King Malietoa and only sister to
the ex-King Tanu, and who has been ed
ucated a« an Englishwoman In Fiji, is
forwarding a petition asking the three
powers to grant her an allowance on the
grounds that she has been educated to
take "her part as a Princess and Is. now
that her father and brother are not in
kingly position; not In possession of sui
ncien't means to live as educated, and ■-
a burden to her Fijian friends.
German Consul Knighted
BERLIN, Ang
■
■
■ rnoa.
SPONOGLE IS
FIGHTING BACK
Files Suit Against Asy
lum Directors.
I •• Call.
SAN ■ ■ - Dr. F. M. Spon
: the State Hospi-
F Tisane at Agi • m the
ipon the
mendatl a of 1
to summarily oust a few 'lay? ;i_ . to
day began an action against Dr. J. R.
. I». A. ! ard White,
I 'pham and A
• that institution.
The the complaint,
• hk-h Judge Hyland has
an alternative writ of review, bi I ■
that on the 23d of August the b
managers- met In spe< . :. at the
: Hoi San Fi . co, to con
tinue Investigation of the Chaffers case;
that at this meeting thy board was act
ing in a judicial capacity, and there
■■ •re no charpes preferred against
le, nor was the meeting called
for the purpose of " stig Lting charges
against him as medical SU]
of the hospital; that, without any
charges whatever being preferred
against him, and in his a
without f-'rantint? him a hearintr. the
r-<.;, r<l : • lical superin
tendent, declared the position vacant
and elected one J. H. Crane In his stead.
Dr. Bponogle a "that dam
aging alleg In the Gov
ernor's report were malicious repre
■entatioi I be so demon
strated In a $100,000 libel suit abm.it to
iti tut t-d.
BLACK FLAG HOISTED
Believed That One of the Inhabitants
of Guerin's House Is Dead. *
PARIS, Aug. 26.— A1l was quiet in the
vicinity of Hue Chabrol throughout the
night, but at 4 o'clock this morning a
black flag appeared in the attic window.
Some days ego .M. Guerin stated that in
the event of his death the party would
hoist the black flag. It Is known that two
of the parry have been ill, one seriously,
from congestion of the lungs. Communi
cation with the house Is strictly forbid
den. Even bearers of ordinary police
passes are not allowed to approach. M.
Guerin resumed watch on the roof at 5
a. m.
LONDON, Aug. 25.— A special to the
Daily News from Paris states that the
Government of France has reason to be
lieve that the Countess de Paris is the
owner of the house in Rue Chabrol in
which M. Guerin is located and that M.
Guerin la only a man of straw, who la
acting for her. This, according to the
special, perhaps explains the long suf
fering and patience on the part of the
Government
Bertillon Continues His Talk.
RENNES, Anp. 26.— The opening of the
sixth session of thf third Week of the
d trial by court-martial of Captain
■ t the artillery, charged
with treason, occurred at an early I
this morning. If. BerUlton, the handwrit
ing expert, who la at the head of the
antnropometrlc department of the Pre
■•■ of Police of Paris, resumed his
testimony regarding the handwriting of
(us and bis reasons foe believing the
artillery officer guilty.
Anti-Dreyfusite Riots
NEW YORK. Aug. 25.— A dlsjMtt.cn froir
Paris tv the Evening ' -.-« that
there was serious rioting to-day I
the anti-Dr'.yfusites and "rteaoS o: Drey
fus in the Hut . St. Deiifs
In which twelve persons were bally hurt'
The police charged upon the rioters and
made many arrests.
Shamrock Not Twisted.
NEW YORK, Aug. 85.— "There is abso- j
lately no truth in the statement made in !
some of the morning papers that the hull
of the Shamrock is twisted or that she
has sprung a leak." Bo said David Bar
rle. Sir Thomas Upton's representative,
this afternoon.
"I will say now," continued Mr. Barrie, !
'•that the hull of the yacht is without a •■
blemish."
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 26. 1899.
SILLY SEASON OPENS
IN THE DREYFUS CASE
Anthropometry
Applied to
Prove the Guilt
of the He
Dv Diable Exile.
Bertillon, the
Expert,
CausesEventhe
j Court to
Grow Hilarious.
Scecial Dispatch to The Call.
RENNES, Aug. 25.— After M. Ber
tillon, the handwriting expert,
who is at the head of the an
thropometrio department of the
prefecture of police at Paris, had
concluded the first installment of
his so-called demonstration of the guilt
of Captain Dreyfus a prominent Drey
'fusard referred to him as the fin-de
si^cle Cagliostro.
The Dreyfusards refuse to regard him
as anything: but the prince of quacks.
They cover his remarks with ridicule
and protest that the admission of his
fantastic theories as evidence before
the court-martial is a disgrace to
France. "C'est une honte!" was the
remark heard on all sides when the ses
sion closed, and the audience, mainly
made up of Dreyfusards, was being
pressed outside by the gendarmes, who
clear the courtroom as soon as the
court adjourns.
Nevertheless even the Dreyfusards
do not deceive themselves as to
the effect M. Bertilon'sl testimony
or demonstration may have upon
the Judges, who. they fear, will be
gulled by what the Dreyfusards con
sider spurious. All the Judges have
passed through the Ecole Polytech
nique, the highest school of science in
France, and they are thus peculiarly
interested in such "evidence" as that of
Bertiilon. Moreover, with the aid of in
numerable diagrams and specimens of
writing which he submits to them, they
may be able to follow his reasoning in
telligently, which is more than any
member of the audience could do to
day. If the Judges accept Bertillon's
premises — that Dreyfus, as an expert
spy, did not write in ordinary hand- !
writing but in close imitation, even
contriving to give letters the appear
ance of having been traced, in order to
be able to repudiate them as a forgery
if detected — then the structure built
upon the groundwork may be scientific
ally correct. Even Dreyfus, when
shown Bertillon's demonstrations, ad- I
mitted the ingenuity and plausibility of
the system, though he naturally de
clared that it was built upon a false
basis.
A remarkable feature of Bertillon's
deposition was the heat and excite- ''■
ment he put into what was expected to
be a calm, dispassionate exposition of
his theory. lie thundered, shouted and
waved his arms as though engaged in
some terrible dispute. Once he literally
shrieked, and numbers of the usual j
audience who had been unable to fol- \
low him and were taking the air in the I
courtyard rushed back into the hall,
breathlessly inquiring what had hap- ;
pened and imagining that he was ful- ■
minating some dreadful enunciation of
the accused.
Their excitement turned into hilarity
when they found he was momentarily
impressing upon the Judges the signifi
cance of the exact space, measured in
centimeters, between two words in the
bordereau. The military witnesses, all i
of whom sit in a bunch, leaving Colonel '
Picquart and M. Bertullus severely iso- !
lated, followed M. Bertillon's statement |
with a grave and wise expression of i
countenance, upon which never a sus
picion of a smile appeared, as though
they understood every word. Evidently
they had received a mot d'ordre to pre-.
serve this attitude, for without seeing '
the diagrams they could not have un
derstood any better than 'did the gen- j
eral public.
The Echo de Paris announced to-day ■
that the cousel of Dreyfus had obtained
possession of certain documents men
tioned in the bordereau, in Esterhazy's \
writing, which they would produce in
court next week as a coup de theatre. j
The correspondent inquired as to this
in competent Dreyfusard quarters this
afternoon. He was assured that the
statement was erroneous, but was also
told that the defense intended, in the
event of Captain Dreyfus being re
condemned, to ask the German Govern
ment to communicate these documents, j
proving his innocence, and that they j
had reason to believe such a request
would be granted.
BERTILLON CREATES
LEVITY IN COURT
Amuses the Spectators and Mystifies
the Judges and Counsel With
His Jargon.
P.KXXES. Aug. B.— The opening of to
day's session of Dreyfus' second trial by
■ martial occurred at 6:30 this morn-
Ing without any extraordinary incidents.
The clerk of the court read a medical cer
tiflcate signed by two doctors declaring
it was Impossible for Dv Paty de dam to
leave his bed and come to Rennes and tes
tify. M. Laborl. leading counsel for the
defense, asked the president of the court.
Colonel Jouaust, to instruct two well
known medical men to examine Dv Paty
He Clam, but Colonel Jouaust refused.
Rowland Strong, an English newspaper
DIPLOMATIC LETTERS
OPENED BY FRENCH
LONDON, Aug. 25.— The Rome correspondent of the Daily Mail says: Italy
and Germany have obtained proofs that diplomatic correspondence passing
between Paris and other places is systematically opened. This has been the
case particularly since the campaign against Dreyfus began, the French
War Office having sought proofs to strengthen the accusations against him.
Questions on this subject will be asked in the Italian Parliament.
EXPERT BERTILLON, WHO AMUSED THE COURT.
Bertillon Is the author of the anthropometric system of identification, and
•was the principal • >■: rt witness against Dreyfus before the first court
martial.
man, was then called I I ' • M Btand,
and he deposed to the fact that Maj r
• . him that
he wrote the famous
Th* next wlti esa '■'■ l'■ " r - an
expert of; the Hank of France, wl
claim the honor of ■ ■
France to have deck • ' ■
He report* docu
ment? in the case. ( •
■ I ■ The wit
- deposition with a brief
:.al statement, proi gainsi b< -
ing characterized as a "doubtful expert"
by the military party.
"But," he added, In "in^s of profound
and turning toward Dreyfus, "I have
no right to complain, and am silent when
I see before me the unfortunate man who
sits there."
A murmur of approval from the audi
ence greeted these words of sympathy.
M. Gobert then repeated the evident
had given before the Court of ■
He gave hip testinv ny in a clear, convinc
ing manner, and was most emphatic in at
tributing the bordereau to Esterhazy. An
swering tjues-tionF of the Judges, M. Go
bert declared hi? i :v: *ion that the bor
dereau was written in a running natural
hand, and said there was no tracing or
• trickery.
General Gonse asked to be confronted
with M. G ben ■■■ ! put a number of
questions, over on< or two of which the
witnes? stumbled, to the lnflnit<
tion of the military v. who smiled
Joyful glances.
M. Bertillon, the noted .-liithropometer,
was called a< th>- next witness. He wore
a dark blue frock coat and carried a high
hat in his hand. ML Bertillon requ<
permission * bring in hi;- diagrams and
papers The request was granted, and M.
Bertillon retired tor a moment, r-tuming
at the heai [uad comp
infantry sergeant and four privates, all
•staggering under the weight of Imn
leather Batchels bulging with d
(harts etc., which they deposited on the
stage as a roar .if laughtei •
throughout the court. Even the judges
were unable to suppress a smile as they
gazed on M. BertUlon's Btage properties,
Btrewn over half the piatform. A table
was bmught In, upon which th» plans he
was using i ould be placed. The witness
began by saying that only intelligent men
could follow his explanations.
M. Bertillon commenced hia deposition
at s:3" a. m. It occupied the whole of this
session and will perhaps occupy a -
part of to-morrow's session. The court
room presented a curious scene whiii- M.
Bertillon. whom the Dreyfusards in their
most indulgent moments describe as a
"dangerous mania.." Bpent the three re
maining hours of the session In explain
ing in unintelligible terms., his 'Infallib c
SV«tem" of proving Dreyfus the author of
the bordereau. The majority of the pub
lic however, utterly unable to compre
hend M Bertillons theories, had left the
courtroom. Even La Dame Blanche aban
doned her post. In the meantime M. Ber
tillon with gestures and in the shrill,
pitched voice of a quack at a country
fair continued his monologue, producing
every minutr some fresh paper covered
with wonderful hieroglyphics, copies of
which he presented to the Judges, who,
with an expression of owl-like wisdom,
carefully examined them, their heads
clustered together, their eyes gazing on
the" long wide strips of paper, while M.
Bertillon leaned over their table trying to
explain his mystifying diagrams which
were afterward passed to MM. Labor! and
D^mange who, however, apparently did
not derive mu<-h profit from their perusal.
Drevius gazed at the scene with a lo< k
of stupefaction. The clearest utterances
of M Bertillon during the course of Ins
demonstration was that the handwriting
of the bordereau "obeys a geometrical
rythm of which I discovered the equation
In the prisoner's blotting paper."
The witness finally announced that he
would give a practical demonstration of
the writing of the bordereau according to
his system. Then he theatrically cleared
the desk attached to the witness bar,
drew his chair nearer, deposited his high
hat on the floor, and sitting down began
copying the bordereau. The audience
watched him. bent over the desk, busily
drawing letters, the Judgt a gazing at him,
until at. the end of ten minutes the people
and the judges became restlessly impa-
Uent, and Colonel Jouaust remarked that
it was not necessary to copy the whole
bordereau and that a few lines would suf
fice. A few minutes later M. B--rtillon
rose, strode to the Judges' table and laid
before them his copy. The judges, coun
sel. Government commissary. Major ("ar
riere and the clerk of the court clustered
around in one group, eager to see the re
GUERINITES ATTACK
PARISIAN POLICE
PARIS Aug. 25.— M. Guerin and
his followers, who are still be
si'ge-d in the headquarters of the
Anti-Semite League, created some
excitement this afternoon by dis
tributing in the windows of build
ings circulars denouncing the Jews.
When the police prevented the
people from picking up the cir
culars the Guerinites bombarded
the police with bricks.
The police to-day deluged the
walls of the neighborhood of M.
- fort with disinfectants,
owing to the abominable stench
since the water supply was cut off.
At a late hour this evening a re
sorter from the Anti-Juif tried to
evictual the fortress, but was pre
by the police. M. Guerin,
;ncensed,* fired two shots at
man. Neither reached the
alter, but the incident will proba
,,y precipitate matters.
suit The audience watched this strange
spectacle until Colonel Jouaust shrugged
his ildera 'and then the spectators
knew that M. Bertillon had failed to Bat
isfy them. M. Bertillon noticed this and
said more apologetically, "1 was too badly
' M Demange of counsel for the defense
returned to counsel's table, and in re
sponse to a look of inquiry from Dreyfus
whispered a few words to the prisoner,
with a shrug of his shoulders and a smile
on his face. Dreyfus appeared perfectly
satisfied. , . , . ,
Colonel Jouaust then at 11:43 o clock ad
journed the court, and M. Bertillon packed
up his belongings and the soldiers carried
tnem out. The newspaper men who
crowded around M. Labori asked him for
his impressions, lie said there was a
certain resemblance to the bordereau,
"But that is all. M. Bertillon only did
what dozens could do. It only proves he
is a clever forger. That Is all."
Following are the more important pro
ceedings in detail:
M Henri Weiil, a former officer of the
headquarters staff, was then called, but
he was absent and his deposition was
reed The facts in the case were pub
lished April 20. M. Weill's statement in
substance was that Esterhazy told him
in 1&34 that Dreyfus was innocent, but that
this would not prevent his conviction, be
cause he was a Jew. (Sensation.)
A former sergeant, who was at one time
employed in the War Office, testified to
having seen Dreyfus copying the list of
ralroad stations mentioned In the plan l of
mobilization, to which Dreyfus replied,
"It is true, but I copied the list by order
of Captain Besle." (Sensation.)
The evidence of the handwriting experts
followed. M. Gqbert, after testifying to
the facts published April 22 and April 24.
vehemently piotested against the insinua
tion that he was on Interested witness.
The court closely followed M. Gobert's
exhaustive story of his examination of the
bordereau and his interviews with Gen
erals Mercior, De Boisdeffre and Gonse.
M. Gobert asserted that the handwriting
of the bordereau was natural, but that it
was almost illegible, whereas Dreyfus,
even when writing rapidly, always wrote
most legibly.
The witness asked General Gonse if an
envelope accompanied the bordereau, as
he, M. Gobert. wished to see what the
writer's careful caligraphy was like, ex
plaining that the address of a letter was
always In a firmer hand than its contents.
General Gonse refused the request on the
ground that the witness must not know
the names of the addresses. The general
also refused to allow the bordereau to be
photographed, alleging that if the War
Office photographers were allowed to
photograph it all Paris would be ac
quainted with the bordereau the next day.
(Laughter.) Thereupon the witness re
marked:
"General Gonse. this is a very Interest
ing confession. '
M. Gobert then suggested that the work
be Intrusted to the Prefecture of Police,
where M. Bertillon Is the photographer.
Until then, the witness said, he had never
heard of M. Bertillon as a handwriting
expert, saying he became an expert for
this special Occasion, when he was called
into the War Office. (Laughter.)
General Gonse, it appears from the tes
timony, was greatly enraged when he
learned of the result of M. Gobert's ex
amination of the bordereau and visited
the expert repeatedly. The latter always
Insisted on learning the name of the sus
pect.
•'lt was not proper," paid M. Gobert
"for me to accuse any on** without being
perfectly cognizant of the facts, especially
in circumstances of so grave a nature
(Sensation.) I would not accuse any one
anonymously, for to do so would be con
trary to the law."
Amidst laughter in court the witness
described how, from an examination of
an official report on Dreyfus, from which
Dreyfus' name had been removed M
Gobert had the malicious satisfaction of
telling General Gons«; the nanv.- of the
officer they wanted to arrest. It was
after M. Gobert had refused to incrimi
nate Dreyfus that M. Bertillon was en
trusted with the examination of the
Friends of the
Accused
Declare the
Witness
Is but a Quack.
Yet the Judges
May Take
His Evidence in
Full as
Proof Positive.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
bordereau, and after a few hours' study !
M. Bfcrtillon positively attributed the
bordereau to Dreyfus
From thai time forward M. Gobert
heard no more of the Dreyfus case. He
was not asked to submit a report, but
described to . the then Minister of Jus
tice, M. Guerin, the circumstances in the
case.
■ "M. Guerin," continued the witness, "in- :
timated that these were soldiers' affairs, !
which did not concern him as chief of !
the civil judiciary."
Colonel Jouaust asked M. Gobert for j
a more definite criticism of the bordereau. I
and the witness replied that he noticed j
certain similarities between the hand
writing of the bordereau and that of j
Dreyfus, but. he added, that here were
important differences which proved to '
him that Dreyfus was not the author of I
the bordereau, and his opinion had since i
been confirmed "because it was now
proved the bordereau was the work of ■
Esterhazy." (Sensation.)
Replying to the court, M. Gobert sug- :
gested that the Judges compare the borde
reau with a letter admitted to be in !
Esterhazy's handwriting, and dated from !
Rouen. August 17, liS4, and with docu
ments written by the prisoner.
"You will then, unmistakably, recog
nize," said M. Gobert, "that the borde
reau is in Esterhazy's handwriting and i
not in the handwriting of Dreyfus." i
(Great sensation.)
The witness at this puricture identified
the bordereau" as the same which was
submitted to him. and he proceeded to '
point out the identity therein with let- :
ters admittedly written by Esterhazy, I
Faying that, while the resemblance was
not apparent in Dreyfus' handwriting, in
Esterhazy's there were marked peculiari- I
ties, of punctuation and the manner of be- j
ginning lines which were also noticeable
in the bordereau, but which were not j
found in the prisoner's caligraphy.
There was a general movement of curi
osity when M. Bertillon, the well-known
anthropometer (or specialist in the meas
urements of the human body) was called. i
M. Bertillon prefaced his evidence by say- !
ing his explanations would be understood
only by a very limited number, and there
fore he asked the court to permit him to j
refer to documents which he had brought I
in order to make his evidence more intel- j
ligible, Laughter. The specialist then'
unpacked packages of photographs, plans.*
etc., and another table was brought in to |
1 hold the mass of papers produced. In
: monotonous tones if. Bertillon proceeded,
in the manner of a schoolboy reciting a j
lesson, to -demonstrate technically how
he reached the conviction of Dreyfus'
guilt, reciting the facts published on April
21. He said he proposed to prove to th-* !
court:
First— That the bordereau was a doc- <
tored document.
Second— That it could only have been
manufactured by the prisoner.
Third— That it had been written in a \
free hand by means of a key word placed I
beneath tracing paper in such a way as to
be quite visible. " I
The witness, continuing, declared that I
Dreyfus did not have recourse to imi
tating Esterhazy's freehand writing, be- !
cause it required too long to study, and he !
use . the tracing process because it is '
easier to learn and more likely to be suc
cessful. With a view of frustrating his :
meaning. M. Bertillon handed around pho
tographs or the bordereau, etc. During
the course of the demonstration the spe
cialist advanced to the judges' bench and
with his finger pointed out illustrations of
his theory. MM. Demunge and Labori
the judges and others gathered in a
group around the anthropometer.
Dreyfus appeared to be stupefied by the 1
comparatively incomprehensible jargon '
and many of the audience left the court' !
Suddenly the wonderment of those re-'
maining in the hall was riveted by the i
cryptographic remark enunciated by M !
Beriiilun in loud tones:
"We clearly have before us a fabricated ;
document. The one word always rests on
the other with a diverge of 1.25 millimeters '
and 2.20 millimeters. That is a phenom
enon which is unnatural."
M. Labori watched the specialist for a
few momenta and then returned to his
seat, holding up both hands and exclaim- I
ing. "It is most extraordinary."
M. Bertillon continued his explanation? '
and caused such a whirl in the brains of
hi.« hearers that Colonel Jouaust finally j
remarked, "We must have a few minutes'
rest. \
When the session was resumed "VI Ber- I
tillon made further demonstrations He '
compared words of the bordereau 'with '
words in the documents of comparison !
Leaning on the Judges' bench, be placed I
the entire bordereau over a graphic can
vas and proceeded to show that by doing'
so Dreyfus succeeded in formulating the
principal rules which served to guide him '
in making his joining marks remarking
that any copyist possessing a key to these !
rules could learn " replace the entire bor-
The witness continuing, proceeded to
demonstrate the practicability of this
'"When persons are accused." he aaM i
"it Is not sufficient to meet the char**
with denials, but it is necessary to n?ove I
that they have not done what they are
charged with. In this case the handwrit- '
ing was disguised. There Is, th.V ■
luiftv^ G Pr °° f that the pris ™
After this M. Bcrtillon pointed out that
five questions in the bordereau were
traced in the same manner, and added- I
"I had reached this point in mv exneri ;
naents when I was summoned to the
Cherche Midi prison by Major d'Orm. I
schevUle. The major explained that he
wished my personal opinion on crm-to
graphic methods, sympathetic Inks P ete i
which might help the family of DreYfus in
corresponding with him. The request was
partly due to the fact that a number of
letters addressed to the, prisoner by his i
family had been received by the offiriii"
"During the course of the Interview Ma
jor d Ormescheville produced one of these
letters. I had hardly cast my eves on jt
when I was astounded to notice t>,l '
same kind of a negative O with which I
had been BO struck. It was in a letter
from Mmc Dreyfus." a letter j
The specialist then pointed cut how he
had found the same peculiarities of Drey
fus' handwriting in the letters of other i
members of his family, and proceeded V •
give a long and perfectly unlntellhrfwS
exposition designed to demonstrate th-l? '
this proved the guilt of the prisoner
The audience, quite in the dark roekrii '
ing the meaning of the tochnicalK"
punctuated the queer expression" of th»
anthropometer with peals of laughter
The members of the cr.urt-martf.l
dentlv tried hard to SSdewSfifl \\m^\
y in^rc J o-n S ,SdT d t he h Min^!? r e9 o S r
War to be favorable to the prte?AeV if
the defense accepted It the long maSster! !
»«sss^s^a have '& ssom
s^^eW^siiSSii
"acted! ° f 1594 th ■ Plow's face con!
"When I spoke of the fabrication of the
bordereau he exclaimed: 'Oh. the wretch'
He saw me write them!' I did not hear
the remark, but when it was repeated to '
me it was i a revelation: for. if inn., com
the word 'fabrication' would have delight- ,
ed instead of frightened him." e "*>m
tirad US llstened Impassively ;to this
The audience again became animated i
INSURGENTS
VICTORIOUS
IN BANTE
San Domingo Troops Lose
Heavily in a Fight Near
Monte Christi.
REVOLT IS SPREADING
Forces of the Supporters of Jimi
nez Constantly Receiving
Reinforcements.
Cable to The C " •
Her - ■
Bennett
♦ ♦♦♦♦■♦■♦♦♦♦♦♦■♦•■♦■-♦•♦-♦-■»"
4 ♦
♦ WASHINGTON, Au?. 25. — ♦
• 4 Communication with San Do- ■*■
4 mingo by cable has been inter- 4
4 rupted and it is believed the in- 4
4 surgents have cut the -wire. This ■♦•
4 discovery was made this morn- ■*■
i 4 ing by the Navy Department ♦
! ■♦• when it endeavored to commu
' 4 nicate with Captain win Long ♦
4 necker, commanding- the New Or- ■*-
4 leans at San Domingo. The de- 4
•♦• partment desired to detach an 4
•♦• officer from the vessel and order 4
4 him to the United States. 4
. •♦• It is possible that the Navy 4
■4- Department, if the break La not 4
•♦• immediately repaired. will or i~- ♦
■♦■ the MacbJaa to return to San 4
1 4 Domingo instead of proceeding ♦
i + to Santiago de Cuba and thence 4
I 4 to Boston. No fears are Miter- 4
♦ tamed for American interests, as ♦
' ♦ the authorities said that Captain 4
4- Longnecker's instructions were •♦•
! 4 sufficiently broad to guide him in 4
■♦• practically any circumstances 4
: 4 that may arise. 4
4 4
♦ ■♦■■♦•■♦• + + +•♦■ + + ■♦•■♦••♦■■♦• + + ■♦•■♦
CAPE HAYTIEX, Aug. 23.— Severe
fighting took place yesterday and
Wednesday in the neighborhood of
Monte Christ;. San Domingn, between
the Government I - nd the revolu
tionists, it it - former lost
heavily, while the latter, owing to the
advantageous position which they oc
cupied, suffered only slight inss. The
revolutionists are reported to be con
tinually receiving reinforcements.
KINGSTON, Aug. 25.— Dominican
mail dispatch^? just received here de
(lare that instead of the revolution be
ing invertebrate through lack of organ
ization and activity, the Government of
San Domingo is reaily paralyzed, the
revolutionary movement having de
veloped high organization, commanding
popularity and exciting enthusiasm
throughout the republic, even in the in
terior and capital. Santiago, it is al
leged, is preparing to declare in favor
of Jiminez. San Dominsro alone is loyal,
but even there revolutionary demon
strations have been forcibly repressed,
manifestos of travelers confiscated and
several arrests hay- been made. The
Government retains no real standing
ground elsewhere.
The movement being national and not
merely political, the people are only
awaiting the arrival of Jiminez to as
sume the leadership, when it is believed
that many of the remaining generals,
with a large proportion of the army,
will join him. The Government's
only reliance is the navy, which Is en
deavoring to capture Jiminez and thus
break up the revolution.
when M. Bertillon announced that he
would give a pract
how the bordei i by
means of a keyboard.
The witness, seated at a table, began to
copy • iheet of paper
similar in character : I mous docu
ment. Afr. • or Colonel
Joua'.i-' . j - . t it was not
sary to fir. - -i. and M.
Bertillon arose and showed the Judg< s I
result of his labor, remarking:
"I was in a b.i :
The audience concluded fr^rn this re
mark that ■ - ment bad Dot suc
ceeded, an-: ■
faces seemed to bear out this opinion.
The court adjourned for the day at
11 :45 a. m.
PHOTOGRAPHS ALTERED
TO SUIT BERTILLON
Discovery That the Negatives Were
Hetouched to Conform to His
Testimony.
NEW YORK. Aug. 25.— A World cable
from Rennes says: The World .
this most im
a news, which, is exclusive and ab
solutely reliable. Labor! a:nl Pemange.
I >ri > :
carefullj studying tl I tpha which
M. Bertilkun pu< In evidence this morning.
With thi m was Gershi a. an • i
photographer, of Purs, who found thai
Piertill'in's photographs of the bordereau
and other en cai
retouched to make them conform I
mathematical n dms t.> have dis
■
As ioori as Bertiilor - ■ si b
tlmony La)
witnes ■ -I •'• mand that Bertlllon's
original negatii : . Generals
.Mercier, Toget and Gonse have all pledged
then" • they have studied Bertil
work :::!>1 found his deductions
solutel y eoj
Tliis gativ - will not
only ■"
:t Is ,i forgery, in which
most im;
may \» lmpli<
The retouching of tho photographs is
snid to be > done that It is al
most wnp sslbie 1 • it.
WITNESS MISTAKEN.
Facts Showing That Testimony Givea
in Dreyfus Case Was Inaccurate.
BERLIN, Aug. 25.- Tl
of the Associated Press was informed to
day at the court-martial B tat the
statement madi on the \\
Remits yesterday by M. Mortian de Mul-
B friend of M. Beau:- .. f or .
mer Jvdge t 1 tlon of the
Court of Cassation, that he had seen a
newspaper, the Libre Parole,
postage stamp, in Emperor William
room at Potsdam and that on th<
were certain w
"Dreyfus sted," could not
possibly t>P true. It w;:s pointi
his Majesty Invariably puts his desk
in order before leaving his room and that
nothing is left lying around or o]> (
if he should fall to do bo it is the duty
of his valet to put things awaj
it was also saltl. the Emperor does not
read whole newspapers, but only marked
clippings which later .ire incorporated in
scrapbooks.
Dossier Is Presented.
PARIS. Aug. 25.— The Minister of War
General Marquis do Gallifet, has tra:is
mitted the dossier ef th« Tavernier In
QUiry into the conduct of Colonel Dv Patj
de Clam to the court-martial at Rennes
as requested bj Maitr« Labori, leadini
counsel for the defense, on \Wdnet-dajTRANSVAAL WILL CONTINUE
THE DYNAMITE MONOPOLY
Volksraad Adopts the Report Submitted by a Majority of the
Commission.
General Joubert, in a Letter to an American Friend, Defends His Gov
ernment's Course and Denounces the Attitude Assumed
by Great Britain Toward the Boers,
FORD OF THE KEMATI RIVER ON THE TRANSVAAL BORDER.
► This ford is where the great highway from Detagoa Bay to the interior of the Transvaal crosses the river and in
t, case of war would prove an important strategic point. The railway from Delapna Kay to Johannesburg crosses the X
Kemati .some ten miles to the northwest. The picture is from a sketch made by J. Harrington several years ago >
|Z>RETORIA, Aug. 25.— The Volksraad to-day, by a vote of 18 to 6, adopted the report of the
* majority of the dynamite commission, continuing the monopoly.
Commandant P. J. Joubert issued to-day a circular to all field cornets cautioning them
against any action tending to bring on a conflict with another power. He declares that not a single
stranger who does not volunteer is to be coerced into bearing arms.
Commandant Viljoen has given notice in the Volksraad that he will ask the Government if, in
case of war. it is prepared to confiscate the property of inhabitants who take up arms against the
Government.
In the course of an interview after the session Commandant Viljoen said if war broke out
military government would be established at Johannesburg, and all British subjects would be com
pelled to leave.
CAPE TOWN, Aug. 25.— 1n the Cape House of Assembly to-day, anticipating a motion on
the subject by Sir Gordon Spriggs, former Premier, W. P. Schreiner, the President, volunteered an
explanation regarding the transit through Cape Colony of ammunition and rifles for the Orange
Free State.
Mr. Schreiner contended that, except in time of war, the prohibition of such transit would
be a breach of the customs convention. He laid upon the table papers confirming his state
ment as to the details of the war material so transmitted, and then added that if war should
unhappily ensue, he would do his duty as an earnest and loyal subject of the Queen.
Sir John Gordon Spriggs. having moved the adjournment of the House. Mr. Rose-lnnes, for
mer leader of the opposition, asked whether the Governor of the colony. Sir Alfred Milner, has re
quested the Government to prohibit the transit.
Mr. Schreiner replied in the negative. After further discussion, in which Sir John Gordon
Spriggs dissented from the view that the customs convention prevented the prohibition, the sub
ject was dropped.
NEW YORK, -\uer. 25. — George W. Van Si-Hen, a lawyer nf ;his city, has received an interesting letter fro-rn
General r. .T. Joubert, commander-In-chief In the South African republic, in which the general pays:
"Your highly of June 12 is at hand. I am very glad to burn from it thai ;i person ran still bo
found, and that, i ■... in the United States, the greatest republic of America, who thinks the Transvaal may Derhara
be in th- ri^ht: for as any one reads the newspapers, he must ruin-- to- the conclusion that the world is now entire
ly filled with tl b v.-rsi.m «>f the 80-called Transvaal tyranny and the grievances of th.- Ultlandera bo that
one must form the opinion that hardly any person in this world ran be found who would feel inclined to speak a
pood word for th<> bad Transvaal Boer, and also that the Transvaal Boer and his Government must he considered
to be ,is bad and eui!ty in the eyes of Almighty God as they are in the eyes of th.. greal Chamberlain and of Rider
Haggafd, th<- famous Englishman, according to which the Transvaal must ceasi to !>■ not only an independent Roy
ernment, imt also ;; land Inhabited by human brings.
"Now I will not insist that the Transvaal Goy.rnm<>nt is infallible and perfect, but as compared with Fn
land of olden times and even with England of the present day. we have no reason to feel ashamed, it is said
that England in her beginning; was nothing more than a nest of robbers and a meeting place for all scoundrels
Now if it is true That England has conquered Canada and Ireland in the manner described by the French author
! Regnault, and E. Vander Maarten, then we are always abb- voluntarily to stand tin- t.-st of comparison ani
we never could entertain th-- least fear in submitting all our disputes with England to arbitration before any for
oufi of Justice "[■ body of arbitrators.
"But this England never will do nor dare to do. The plan of Chamberlain is not to rome to an understands
■ i;t of any dispute with us. it is impossible to dispel from the minds of the Boers the -idea that h»
Chambr-ilain. has been deeply Involved with Rhodes in the raid and ravages of Jameson upon the republic in 18%'
and thaj. it is this failure that even at this moment lies in his throat, a lump so hard that ho la unable to swallow it'
and this he uses as a false pret< lare war apalnst us for the so-called grievances of the Uitlanders in re
gard to the rij?ht to vote, in order that he may annihilate our small people and annex our country if God will p cr ~
liiif hitll to do SO.
'•You speak of arbitration, but Mr. Hazard says that arms must arbitrate, and Chamberlain refuses arbitra
tion because he knows very well that he never can gain thereby.
"It is my ardent wish that tfcp r »- should be an opportunity in our country or in any European country to
any of these acting as arbitrator* between us. How worthy of the grace of the great God of heaven would such a
• ry make herself."
HENRY MAY HAVE
BEEN MURDERED
Coalinga Mexican Under
Suspicion.
■ h to The <"a.n.
FRESNO, Aug. 25. Sunday evening
the remains of an i\g'-<l and wealthy
an n.i.M'd William Henry were
W to this city from Coaling*. Ac
panying the body was Thomas Aa
ero, a Mexican. Ha stated that Henry
. i his presence about 11 o'clock
3aturda> morning and thai death was
■ed by falling from a mule. Cor-
Long summoned a jury and held
Ui autopsy. It was found that Henry
had died from concussion " f the brain.
i'he Mexican warn asked to make a dc
ii, and he did so, stating that the
nl oc< urred Saturday morning,
I falling fr.)ni the mule
Henry never Recovered consch»Ußne«
Suspicion was immediately aroused.
Aacero brought the body into Coalinga
Sunday afternoon, over twenty-four
r the man had died, according
to his own statement. Yet the distance
only a few miles. The Mexican
■1 ited thai after falling from the
mule Henry bled profusely from a
wound in th? head. Yet not a trace of
a wound was visible when the autopsy
was made.
To make certain that the Mexican
was lying A. N. McCoy appeared to
day and swore that he talked with
Henry Saturday r.lght several hours
after he had died according to Ascero'a
statement. Henry was then at th»
Lemoore bridge, over forty miles from
the place where the Mexican claims he
died several hours before. The cattle
man was at the time on h is way from
Lemoore to Coalinga, and had on his
)'• !s<>n a large sum of money with
which to pay for "i! claims he had lo
cate... a few days before. By traveling
;it an ordinary rate of speed he would
not have reached Coalinga before the
foil. .wins: afternoon, at which time his
lead body was carried in by the Mexi
ran.
I ■••sides McCoy thr"e other men
talked to Henry at the hridg". Th"
coroner's jury will meet again to-day.
when McCoy's statement will be read
to it. Sheriff Collins is also Investigat
ing the case and startling develop
ments are looked for. Ascero's move
ments are being closely watched.
INDICATIONS OF WAR
IN SOUTH AFRICA
WASHINGTON. Aug. 2.".— Surgeon Gen
eral Sternberg to-day received a telegram
from the Director General of the army
service of Great Britain, asking him for
300 copies of a publication called Sanitary
ns of the War. '
If this number could not be obtained the
Director General nuked authority to re
t,r!nt the publication for distribution
among the medical officers of the British
army It deals with the sanitary condl
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 26. 1899.
tlon of camps and hospitals and manage
men t of everything pertaining to the med
leal department of the army during 'the
war with Spain. The significance of th
request by cable Is In the preparation that
8 v\7 v,'| nX made for a Possible- war in
bouth Africa,
— - — *
DEMOCRATS AT WAR.
Sacramento Central Committee Splits
Into Two Bodies.
BACRAMENTO, Aug. 25.-The Demo
cratic Central Committee held a meeting
to-night and split into two bodies. Homo
time ago two rnemli! rs were ousted on
the ground that one was a non-resident
and tiie other would not attend meetings
Statements were made that this action
Was the result of crooked work on the
part of certain members, and after a
Btormy meeting Borne of the old members
withdrew and called a meeting for to
morrow. For years the local Democrats
nave been very Inharmonious, and the
split in now wiiler than ever.
FINANCIAL CRISIS.
Minister of Constantinople Flees With
111-Gotten Gains.
BERLIN, A up. 2.".— The I^okal Anzeiger
publit-hes the following from Constanti
nople: A financial crisis is imminent. The
Ottoman exchequer is empty. The
Finance Minister lias fled from those seek
ing payments and taken r£fuge in a pri
v-uie residence, which is now under the
protection Of the police.
' ♦ ' : —
Visitors From Interior
Will never nave a better opportunity than
this to visit the beautiful bay resort, El
<'.impo. The big steamer Ukiah, the
queen of the naval parade, will make four
round trips to-morrow.
ASIATICS OVERRUN
HAWAIIAN ISLANDS
Figures Taken From the Official Records
Show an Alarming Increase of
Coolie Immigrants.
By HORACE U/RIGHT.
HONOLULU. Aug. 18.— Denuded
of its delightful romance and
regarded from the serious
standpoint of a political study,
Hawaii is but an insignificant
portion of the sovereign dominion of
the United States; but, as its hurried
acquisition somewhat threatens to
change the forms and principles of
i government heretofore existing under
! Federal rule, there may be some justi
| fication in presenting to the people of
i the United States, through The Call, a
few serious figures for their careful ,
consideration before Congress deter
mines the form of government to be al
lotted to her recently acquired posses
| sions, which may fancifully be called a
I sugar depot and planters' paradise in
the land of dolce far nlente, eternal
'■ summer and luscious life.
i These figures may not be deemed
' encouraging by those who believe that
the predominance of Americans is a
necessary precursor of civilization and
progress under the stars and stripes.
! They will not tend to show that Hawaii
is, under existing conditions, or those
likely to rule tor years to come, un
less an unexpected political and social
i cataclysm overwhelms them, a coun
try much to be envied as the rearing
I grounds of the Anglo-Saxons or Teu
i tonic races. They will only the more
! strongly emphasize the evils inflicted
land to.be laflicted unless a remedy be
' promptly applied upon the white races
.by the immense inbringing of Asiatic
i laborers to create Hawaiian prosper
i ity mainly and to spread broadcast a
superficial knowledge of the English
language and the rudiments of Chris
tianity. 4 . 
Make every allowance for the noble
• efforts of our pioneer missionaries and
their wealthy descendants in creating
for us Intellectual progress and ma
terial prosperity, but then the figures
1 become all the darker and more
ominous in comparison by the fact that
they are the results accomplished by
those who seized the holm of govern
' ment by revolution in urder to Ameri
, canize "it and give to it the blessed
: freedom for the white man conferred
by the American constitution. These
figures expose the rank hypocrisy of
the annexationists.
But let the figures speak for them
selves, for they are from official
sources. I have been lenient in the se
lection in taking the eleven months
ending June 30, for had I made them \v>
to the present date ther.' must have
been added some 5000 more Japan
The arrivals there for the eleven
months have :
Chinese— Men. 2345: women, 26; chil
dren. 158, or a total of 2767.
Japanes< — Men, 10.276; women, 2626;
children, 316, or a total of 13,218.
Portuguese— Men, -14; women, 18;
chlldr >n, 23, or a total of '■•■
All other races — Men, 2744; women,
1604; children, 47>5. or a total of 4524. or
men, 15.402: women, 4509; children, 973,
or a grand total of 20,884.
Now let us compare the departures:
Chinese— Men. <<76: women, 57; chil
dren. 7.".. or a total of 1 108.
Japanese— Men, 1432: women, 299;
children, 207. or a total of 1938.
Portuguese— Men, 14; women, 9; chil
dren, 31, or a total of 54.
WAR OF RACES
IS THREATENED
Georgia Troops Called Out to
Prevent an Outbreak by
Riotous Negroes*
DARIEN, Ga., Aug. 2:.. —While all is
quiet here to-night, the day was i>ne
of great anxiety and intense excite
ment among the white people. An cut
break among the negroes has been
momentarily expected since the killing
by John Delagell, a negro, of Joseph
Towns-nil, a prominent citizen and
deputy Sheriff of this county.
To-day Sheriff Blount sent the fol
lowing to Governor Candler:
"Please order Liberty Independent
Troop to report to me mounted at
mii,'-. Situation critical. One deputy
billed another wounded."
Colonel A. K. Lawton, late com
mander of the Second Georgia Regi
ment, Q. S. V-. also wired to the Gov
ernor to send a quantity of carbines
and supply of ammunition for the
BOldiers. Tolonel Lawton was here
this morning to investigate the Situa
tion. After a conference with the offi
cials he returned to Savannah.
When the Governor received the mes
sage from Sheriff Blount he ordered
Colonel Lawton to return if necessary
:u 1 take command of the militia. He
is now here in that capacity and has
j enough men, it is believed, to easily
handle the situation. The Sheriff and
i his deputies continue to make arrests
of the rioting negroes and the jail has
a large number in it, notwithstanding
the fact that the towhoat Iris left
here this morning for Savannah with
twenty-five rioters who had been ar
rested. This was a precautionary
measure to prevent an attack on th>
1 jail by the negro friends of those Im
prisoned and to make room for those
who have been arrested since the re
moval.
Th" situation here is regarded as
critical, although with determined mili
tary control it is thought further
trouble can be prevented. It is esti
mated that the negroes outnumber the
whites in this part of Georgia five to
on<- and the whites aiv consequently
apprehensive. John Delagell, the negro
who killed Deputy Sheriff Joseph Town
send and wounded Deputy Hopkins,
who were trying, to arrest him, can
not be found. He is the son of Henry
Delagell, whose arrest for assault
started the trouble.
The seventy-five members of the
First Georgia, who were left here two
day ago when old man Delagell was
taken to Savannah, are patrolling the
town to-night. All the saloons are
closed. Nearly every n<>gro left town
this mo-rning. and to-night word comes
that they are massed in Delageil's
swamp, twelve miles from town. They
I All others— Men, 1782; women, 969;
! children. 323, or a total of 6174.
It will be seen, therefore, that in
; eleven months there was an increase
J in the population of 14,710, but of what
■ character? Chinese, 1659; Japanese,
: 11,280, and of the white races, includ
' ing the Portuguese, only 1771 as against
: 12,939 Asiatics.
Look at it in another light. Of th»
I 2767 Chinese arriving 40 per cent left
j the country; of the 13,128 Japanese only
' 14.7 per cent left, and of the 4524 of
j other races 63.7 per cent left. The total
j departures were 29.6 per cent of the
; total arrivals.
Regarded from another view point of
14.710 persons remaining to increase the
population and to become Americans
the percentage of Chinese was 11.3, of
Japanese 76.7, of Portuguese 0.1, and of
all others 11.9.
The proportion of women to each 100
men was 11 Chinese, 26 Japanese, 53
: Portuguese and 59 for all other races.
I That alone is a calamity, remembering
j the already very' large preponderance
of men over women.
To-day the steamship Toyo Maru
brought us 700 more Japanese, and the
1 pleasing news that the Raukoku Maru
has another 700 and the Carmartheu
shire at the least 200 more. The im
i pression exists that the Cabinet will
decline to issue any permits for the last
1 quarter of the year, but probably when
: the time arrives October will see an
; other 5000 granted beyond the 9300
i granted for the present quarter.
It is now generally understood that
both the Hawaiian Government and the
I Planters' Labor and Supply Association
j will be represented at Washington by
special agents. The names of W. A.
Kinney and W. O. Smith are those most
I prominently mentioned in connection
j with Congressional efforts.
HAWAIIAN IMPORTS.
Net Increase Recorded Under Ameri
can Sovereignty.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 25.— The Treasury !
Department has received from the Auditor
General of Hawaii a comparative state
ment of the imports Into the Islands for
June, 189S and 1899. and the receipts and ;
expenditures for July, IS9B and 1899. It |
shows a net increase In the importations
from the I'nited States sine*- the islands
came under our sovereignty.
Imports from the United States in June,
1898, the last month of the old regime, were
$599,803; all others. $2S3,w:i. In June, 1899,
they were $1,412,668; all ethers, J3.54.494. To
tal Increase for six months. ({.616,151.
At the same time the Government re
ceipts Increased and the expenditures di
minished. In July, 1898, the receipts were
$183,798 and the expenditures $234,909, while
In July. 1899, the receipts were $207,113 and
the expenditures $172,382.
The Hawaiian Census.
HONOLULU. Aug. 18.— Alatan T. Atkin
son, editor <>f the Hawaiian Star, received
by the Moana's mail his commission from
the interior Department census bureau as
i Hi».<uril agent of the census bureau fur
j Hawaii, a companying it was a letter
' from tho superintendent of the twelfth
census directing him to proceed to Wash
irurt"ii as soon as practicable to consult
: with the bureau in regard to census con
■ ditiona and in tho preparation of sched
ules. He is requested to bring with him
all available published data In regard to
population, products and Industries of the.
I Islands. Blank schedules used in taking
the last census in Alaska accompanied the
letter of instructions, as an indication of
th»- scope: and extent which the census will
I take.
are known to be assembled, and a
posse of citizens left on a special train
for the place at 8 oVlook. They will
maintain a guard over the negroes and
keep them from doing any damage to
night. A telegram was sent to Bruns
wick, urging all white citizens to come
to Darien. A boat was dispatched to
bring them to this city, and a special
train will be ready in case more want
to come. The presence of the whites is
wanted to overawe the negroes, who
are well aware of their superiority in
numbers.
WILL TAKE ACTION
AGAINST THE NEGROES
Militia Will Surround Them in a
Swamp and Proceed to Take
Away Their Guns.
DARTEX. Or., Aug. 26.— A conference
was held at midnight to-niglit between
Sheriff Blount, military officials and a
citizens' committee, and it was decided
to take decisive action at daylight
against the negroes who are masked
and armed in Delagell swamp, twelve
miles from this city.
The Sheriff wired Colonel Lawton,
who is in Savannah, to-night to send
the militia at once, and he received a
reply to the effect that the men are
ready and that the Liberty County
troops will start from Hainesville for
Darlen at 2 o'clock.
The Mclntosh Dragoons are at their
armory here with horses ready. Th^ |
citizens move from Darien on a special i
train for the swamp at 3 o'clock and
the militia, about 150 in number, one
hour later.
The negroes are armed in defiance of ;
the law and the purpose of the militia
is t<! surround the swamp and relieve
the blacks of their firearms and arrest
them. The two special trains are be
ing prepared.
Governor Candler gave Colonel Law
ton plenary power In the matter, and
it was not found necessary to call upon
the chief executive of the State for the
militia.
Left His Debts.
LOS ANGKLES. Aug. 2o.— Since Monday
last H. H. Kdmunds, compiler of the Los
Angeles directory, has been missing. It
is believed ho has shipped on some vessel
bound for ,< foreign port. He left many
debts behind, it is alleged, and dishonored
checks amounting to $SO. He has a wife
living at 2665 Orchard avenue. She was
suing for a divorce and claims to know
nothing about her husband.
PHYSICIANS TO
BE SUMMONED
AT THE INQUEST
Did Not Report Mrs.
Dunn's Death.
This morning two prominent physicians
—Dr. William Boericke and Dr. George
H. Palmer— will be summoned by Coroner
Hill to explain why they did not report
the death of Mrs. Jane L. Dunn, wife of
James Dunn, the vice president and man
ager of the American Biscuit Company,
to the proper authorities. There may be
a squabble on both sides. The Coroner,
who has possession of the body and who
will hold an inquest to-day, claims the
physicians should have given him notice
of the death, and the physicians, on the
other hand, assert that the cause of death
i as stated by them should not become the
subject of a Morgue Investigation.
Mrs. Dunn unfortunately partook of an
overripe cantaloupe on Sunday evening.
Shortly afterward she was taken ill and
death ensued about ti o'clock on Wednes
day evening, notwithstanding the efforts
of Dr. Boericke and Dr. Palmer, ihe latter
being called on the day of death. Mr.
Dunn and the remainder of the family,
including a servant girl, also ate the
| germ-laden fruit and narrowly escaped
j death. Last night they were all nearly
recovered and the only evidence remain-
I ing of the sad repast is the corpse of the
i mother, which has been refused burial
i until an inquest can be held.
Yesterday morning a representative of
N. Gray & Co.. undertakers, presented a
death certificate to the Board of Health
and asked that a burial permit be. issued.
The certificate was signed by Dr. William
! Boericke, and stated that death had been
! the result of ptomaine poisoning. The doc
' tor certified that he had attended the case
j two days. When the clerks in the Health
Office noted the cause of death they re
fused to issue the permit and notified
Coroner Hill. As a consequence the Coro
ner will subpena Dr. Boericke and Dr.
Palmer to ascertain their reasons for not
notifying the Morgue soon after Mrs.
Dunn expired.
Both the physicans were seen last night.
Dr. Palmer shuffles all responsibility on
Dr. Boericke. saying that it was not his
case, and the latter doctor contends that
; In cases of ptomaine poisoning where the
physician is certain as to what produced
i death It is not necessary to notify the
Morgue officials. Both opinions will be
given an airing at the inq.uest to-day.
A FREAK OF THE SEA.
The Tug Alert Meets With a Queer j
Experience.
While the tug Alert was towing the ;
ship Alden Besse from the Heads last
night a peculiar accident occurred. The
tug shipped a sea and was struck by a
wave which washed over the deck. The ,
■ water gushed through a window In the ;
: deckhouse, and tearing a door from its
; fastenings dashed it against Assistant
Engineer Gus Holtz. who was at his post i
of duty. The man was picked up uncon
scious, but was not seriously Injured.
Shipping men pronounce the occurrence j
as most peculiar and novel.
PICKED UP IN THE BAY.
Body of Thomas Hobarlan, Who Dis
appeared Some Time Ag-o, Found.
The body of Thomas Hobarlan, a black
smith, residing at 116 Pacific street, was '
picked up off the Spear-street wharf ye?- j
terday morning. It had evidently been in '
the water for about ten days.
Hobarlan was last seen on Monday,
August 14. He was drinking heavily and
several times had threatened suicide.
WTiether he slipped from the wharf while
intoxicated cir carried o\:t his threat of
suicide is not known. His body remained
unldentitied for some hours, but it wu^ ;
iin.'illy rt-ct>u:nizod by J. Brown and F. No
vak, barbers at 110 Pacific street. Tin
man was unmarried and about 35 years of
age.
Creelman MaXes Denial.
Bob Croelman. the rare track tout, who
has been anxiously sought for by the
i police in connection with the flight of
i Howard, the gigantic swindler, returned
to this city yesterday and placed himself
in communication with the police. Last
evening he visited police headquarters
and was closely Questioned by Detective j
Tom Gibson. While admitting that he is
Howard's confidential friend Creelman
persistently denied that he assisted him
in getting out of the State. Notwith
standing his denial the police are satis
tied that he not only shared Howard's ill
gotten gains, but advised him to skip
when lie learned that warrants had been
Issued for his arrest charging him with
swindling Capitalist Green.
Robbed of His Gold.
Pearl Hutchingson was arrested last
evening by Police Sergeant Anderson of
the California police station on the com
plaint of D. M. Reese and charged with
grand larceny. Reese alleges that the
woman robbed him of $50, which charge'
she stoutly denies, saving that another
woman took the money.
TRAIL TO GOLD
MINES OF ALASKA
DENVER. A up. 25.— General Merriam. !
commanding this department, has re
ceived advices which had him to the be
lief that before this winter a passable
trail will have been established across ;
Alaska's fields from tidewater to the gold
mines in the interior. The entire road
will be upon American soil.
"Another attempt is h.iriK made," said
the general, "and by the same officers.
I would not recommend any one trying to
go over the road at this time, but I be- ;
lleve the trail will be completed this year, j
The prospects are good." ]
While Genera] M^rrkun was in command
of the Department of the Columbia he
nursed the idea of having the military au- i
thoritiea t-stablish a trail or road from j
tidewater to the gold mines in th» in- |
terlor, the entire route to be over Ameri
can soil. The War Department acted fa
vorably upon this suggestion and thr c
expeditions were sent out. The two last
year left in March and returned in the lat
ter part of October. During the trip
overland First Lieutenant Castner, ac
cording to the report, underwent the most '
severe hardships. Still another attempt
is being madf to push the trail to comple
tion and General Merriam is confident
that by the last of this year the road will
be passable its entire length.
AMERICANS BLAMED.
Accusations That a Syndicate In-
duced Acre Territory to Revolt.
Special Cable to, The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
Bt'ENOS AYRES. Aug. 2,"».— The Her
ald's correspondent at Rio Janeiro tele
graphs that the Journal de Brazil insists
that the Independence of Acre Territory,
claimed by Brazil and Bolivia, Is the re
stilt of the work of an American syndi
cate. Minister Dryan has ignored the
matter.
Salmon Combine.
VANCOUVER, ,B. C. Aug. 25.— T. B.
McGovern. a broker of New York, is here
trying to arrange for a combine of salmon
canneries on the Fraser River.
Yellow Fever in Cuba.
WASHINGTON. Aue. 25.— Two new
cases of yellow fever at Sanctl Spirinis.
Cuba, were reported to the marine hospl- j
tal service to-day.
Still More Counterfeiting.
The Secret Service has just unearthed another I
band of counterfeiters and secured a large
quantity of bogus Wlls. which are Bo cleverly :
executed that the average person would never
n»pect them ol being snurlous. Things ct
great value are always selected for imitation,
notably Hostetter's Stomach IMtters. which has '
many imitators but no equals for disorders like
Indigestion, dysiiCDsla, constipation, nervous
ness and general debility. Always go to reliable ,
drupslsts who have the reputation of giving ,
what you ask for.
CONSUL BEDLOE
HERE EN ROUTE
TO WASHINGTON
Suspended Diplomat
at the Palace.
Consul Edward Bedloe, who has been
stationed at Canton, China, ever since the
inauguration of President McKinley and
who has been suspended from that po
sition by the State Department and grant
ed permission to return to the United
States, arrived in this city a few daj
and is staying at the Palace. He is on his
way to Washington.
When -Mr. Bedloe took apartments at
the Palace he uid not register, conse
quently the fact of his arrival here did
not leak out until yesterday.
The Consul was relieved by the State
Department for having, it is claimed,
given the filibustering steamer Abbey a
certificate of American registry. Th< Ab
bey was seized last September ;<t Ban
tagaa by tht- United States gunboat Mc-
Culloch whlU' attempting t" land a
of arms and ammunition for the Filipino
a i my.
The authorities at Washington, with
whom Dr. Bedloe has considerable pres
tige, are satisfied thai the Consul was not
implicated in the attempt to land the
stores of war. There arc a few matters
in connection with the affair that the
State Department probably desires ex
plained and for this n aspn i; is thought
Dr. Bedloe has been recalled. His friends
in Philadelphia, many of whom are high
in the favor of President McKinley, nave
implicit confidence in the Consul and the,
fit-! assured that he will be able to ex
plain matters to the satisfaction of the
State Department. While I >r. Bedloe had
no absolute legal authority to grant the
certificate of American ownership to the
filibuster he is authorized to protect and
father the rights of American ship owners
and assist them according to his judg
ment.
In diplomatic circles Dr. Bedloe's sus
pension is believed to be due to a misun
derstanding, which, he c\n easily justify
when he returns to Washington.
Dr. Bedloe is ore of the most prominent
citizens of Philadelphia. He is a writer
of unusual ability and was one of tin'
first to use his pen in favor of American
progress in China. He has written several
books on this and other subjects. Dr.
Hedlne refuses to discuss his affairs foi
publication.
A. Big Mortgage
VANCOrVER, B. C, Auk. 25.— 1n order
to carry out its proposer! works the Koo-
I tenai Railway and Navigation Company
I of Kaslo has arranged a 5 per cent mort
gage for $2,400.0**0. "The funds are to he
' provided by a stock conversion and invest
i ment trust' of London. England.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
RUSH
TO GET INTO !
I OIL
Stocks Going Up!
Ours Will Double in 30 Days. !
NO RISKS. NO ASSESSMENTS.
w Send for Full Particulars Free.
I BIG PANOCHE OIL CO.,
B Adams Building, 206 Kearny St., ,
H San Francisco-
MUNYON'S INHALER
#"% CATARRH
i >f is w/\ 1 /\tv«v» I
V J^nT Colds, Coughs,
MMJ^HSs:^ Hay Fever, Bron-
B^BSWM^chitis. Asthma
fllfil nlland all Diseases
ipTlit?i iw o * the Throat and
Clouds of Medicated Vaprr are Inhaled
through th" mouth and emitted from the nos-
trils, cleansing and vaporizing all the inflamed
! and diseased parts which cannot be reached by
medicine taken Into the stomach.
It reaches thr sore spots— lt heals the raw
•places — It goes to the seat of disease— lt acts as
a balm and tonic to the whole system— -$l.OO at
* druggists or sent by mail. 1505 Arch St., l'/iila>
■ _^ ,
i visit DR. JORDAN great A
i MUSEUM OF ANATOMY'
9 ' Qfr 10SimZZ?ST.tat.6*£7ih,S.F.C:L J
Cj^ The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
A _V3t |, World w%jk:-.c-f, cr any connected m
7 gSglKh disease p«-»ll«»«-lycure4liythr(-.lde>t T
g) •S'-.'S£l !>petuliitrn the Co»kt tiC3sycaie 9
4 fi^SS OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES^
\ "^lsSri?B Consultation frre and strictly private. \
Sflfff I OR- JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
Wwl { o:nul!»tk>n fr<-e and strictly privatr \
SIP II lIS Write for Book.. PBII.ONOPBV cl M
If • '.! It "1 M.6nillA(.i:, MAILED FREE. (A™
jk tt Cl- • valual)le fc 3° lc toT men) A
" JOB. JORDAN 4 »'«.. 1051 Market St.. S. F. "
n^^l^L/ ELECTRIC BELTS,
miiaLSy^ i ! SB facturers In the Unl-
M^^^Vii^r^'^ier !ed State". XoQuacKM
9^!^*^VV establishment.
' — -^/V-- '• * &jr Tor particulars
rail or Fend 2c in
•/jT»» ttainps lor "Booklet
-. No. 2." Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., 620 Market St.
Opposite Palace Hotel. S. F.
LADIES DOYOUKHOS
> j£u,'*f DR " FELIX iE BRUN ' S
wTt Steel § Pennyroyal Treatment
1* Jie the original and only FRENCH.
I r cafe and reliable enr© on the mar-
y • V^ket, Price. $1.00; sent by mail.
& \ Qeuuiue sold only by
GEORGE DAHLBENDER & CO., Sole Agts.
214 Kearny Ft., San Francisco.
.
910
EAST
OPENING DAY
OF GOLDEN GATE
FAIR RACE MEET
Six Running Races on
the Card.
HAVEY IN THE STARTER'S BOX
SOLDIERS IN UNIFORM ADMIT-
TED FREE TO-DAY.
Schwartz & Co. Will Lay the Prices.
Horatio and Other Fast Sprint
ers to Face the
Barrier.
The mixed race moot of the Golden Gate
.Agricultural Society meets this afternoon
at Oakland track. For the opening day
the directors concluded to cater entirely
to the thoroughbred, the card being made
up of six well filled running events. Con
sidering the fact that many California
Ftablos are In the Bast, the class of horses
(starting Is a very fair lot and some great
rport should be witnessed.
Tin- well-known flag-wielder, "Dick"
Havey, win occupy the starter's box and
Henry Schwartz & Co. will accommodate
the crowd in the betting ring- As a com
pliment to the boys in blue, the directors
at a meeting held yesterday decided to
allow all soldiers In uniform to pass
through the gate to-day free of admission
charge.
The entries are as follows:
First Race — Maiden two-year-olds; five
c'^hths of a mile.
Genial* X no My Gypsy 110
Funello 110 The Echo 110
A! Rey 110 El Arte 110
Aldeana HOlJollle Briton 110
Second race — Maidens; three-years-old and up
ward; three-quarters of a mile.
Er.pea linjXuncomar 119
Daisy R 117 Seven Up 119
I/"mo 119 Snips 117
Irlandais 112 J. K. UcCabe 112
Afioli.« 112 Wo Robin ... 110
Somla 112 j Waif 112
Third -Three-year-olds and • upward;
Fflling: three-quarter? of a mile.
Chihuahua 107 San AiiKiistine irw>
Polish UOlStnyle 11l
t^ea Spray 107 Twinkle Twlnk 106
Rondwarmer in; 1 |>nngn '. 110
Orady llii Oraibee 106
Holienlohe 113 Beaumonde 110
Shellac l"". Oak Leaf 107
Nonchalance HO
. Fourth Race — Maiden two-year-olds; flve
rlßhthp (if a mile.
Minn Standard 110 Tho Buffoon 110
Halifax 105 Miss -Made-line 110
Kxrf'Uent llOlPalapa. 105
Jiocrus Bill 113 1 Royal Bengal 113
Fifth Race— Selling; three-year-olds and up
ward; three-quarters (if a mile.
Horatio 110 Phellac 705
Widow .Tone* 105 Scintillate ]•>:,
Major Cook 107 Mike Rice 11l
Brown Prince . 107 NOVla 109
Magnus 107 Rapldo , 107
Negligence 110 [
Sixth race— Three • ■ and upward- one
mile.
Tlirsmapter If C The Rretter 01
I-ov,|;il 104 Mellcarth <I 9
February 99 Ruadrunner 104
NOTES OF THE TURF.
"Daggle" Smith brought Don T.ui<= down
fri m Sacramehto to race at the meetinp.
Frank McMahon has a likely looking
entry in the two-year-old event. The
youngster is "barrier preen."
Th.' track suits the runners, but the
harness horse folks are grumbling. The
latter pay it is hopped up too much. Thin
i>- me the case, there will be no record-
Lri akir.K next week.
Galen Brown will probably start four or
five . i ring the week.
Eddie Jones will be the star of the rid-
Jng talent. "Pedro" Enos, Duffy. Johnny
Sullivan and Stufflet have also been hard
at work taking off superfluous flesh.
Willie Flynn has braced up and may be
seen in the saddle,
On Wednesday the California Jockey
Club received h telegram from Walt' r
Jeiininßs, trainer of Briar Sweet. Flower
of Gold ami other noted performers, ask
ing for twenty stalls at Oakland. He
also wanted a kitchen and stated that the
Emeryville track would be his home.
W. B. Sink Jr. dropped in from New
York unexpectedly during the week. He
<lii not have a very prosperous season on
the far East tracks, and shortly before
•tKk'np his departure sold the Ormor.ili
filly Orthfa to Sidney Paget for $4000. Mr.
Sink says Sam Hildr»th. trainer for the
"Whitney stable, has been unusually unfor
tunate in the battle with the book's and is
reported as being "down to cases." i.i-t
year Sam cleared up over (70.000 in the
rir.p. and la now In receipt of a yearly
salary of $12.un0. On the other hand, l»0
brother-in-law. Frank Taylor, is reported
a pood winner.
Handicapper Brooks will shortly begin
v.nrk on the programme book for the first
two weeks of racing at Oakland track.
FIELD TRIALS'CLUB
IN QUEST OF A JUDGE
Arthur Merriman of Memphis, Term.
the First Choice of the Clvb — A
Succesful Meeting Expected.
The members of the Pacific <"oast Fi<-M
Trials Club are already preparing f. .r
their next meet on January 24. im»o, at
Bakersfleld.
At a meeting on Thursday attended by
\\ . 3. Tevls, .1. E. d. Ruyter. C. N. I'os:.
Frank Mask.v and 11. w. Keller first con
■ •: was «i\ en :he selection of a
fudge. Arthur Merriman of Memphis
T'-mi.. who judged the trials before the
last, was the choice of the club, although
the members are afraid his service s will
not be available. \v. s. H.-ll Plttsbure
Pa., and Thomas Johnson of Winnipeg
Manitoba, have also been named. Mr de
Ruyter will correspond with Ui.-m if> an
effort to Becure the pr. s-n.-.- of one ..f
tin-in.
Mr. Tcvih has <,frvr.-.l ;i valuable siiv<-r
■ th.- champion st:-k.-. The en
■ the all-age stake close December
15. There is a strong Derbj entry and all
Indications point to a successful meeting.
Olympic Gun Club Notes.
The "varmint" hunt of the Olympic Gun
Club has been postponed. Aft<er all the
preparations for it had been made it iie
veloped thai there Is no train by which
tie members could reach the preserves
«t the desired time. Arrangements ;,r.
being made for a special train on a ilav
to be fix> d later.
At the last meeting of the directors it
was decided to restrict the use of the
clubroomfl to-night to members only. The
club building Is or the line of the parade
and a crush was expected If members
were permitted to invite friends.
San Francisco Club Boxers.
The officials of the San Francisco Ath
letic <'lvii have perfected their arrance
mentfl for the regular monthly boxing ex
hibition, to be held in the gymnasium of
ihe club next Wednesday. The principal
boul will be between Eddie Toy and
< 'harks Vickera at I'M pounds. Some new
men will he tried nut in the remaining
bouts. The men matched ari : "Kid
.Johnson and Mike Gassman; Jack Mc-
Mabon and Mike Molllss: Mik- McClure
and William Kennedy. Aleck Greggains
will referee, aa usual.
Cricket in Australia.
TATXTOX. England. Aug. 25.-At the
close of play here of the cricket match
between the Australians and a Somerset
shire eleven the former team had scored
iSi> runs for five wickets down.
* SPORTING- EVENTS OF THE DAY *
AMPHITHEATER IN WHICH BURLINGAME CLUB HORSE SHOW WILL HE HELD
THE members of the ■Rurlingame Country Club, with their polo ponies and their four-in-hand
coaching teams, will r. -turn from Monterey early nextweek. They will then commence preparations
for their annual open-air horse show, one of the most successful of the fetes for which Bur
lineame Is noted. The show will he held late In Septembe r. J.ast year n was a marked succes
KEEN CONTESTS ON
LINKS AT DEL MONTE
Oakland and San Rafael Clubs Pre
pare for an Active Season in
the Fall.
Del Monte has been the center of golfing
Interest during the past week. All the
best-known clubs In Northern and South
ern California have been represented in
the tournaments. The ladles' handicap
fur the George Crocker cup attracted
twenty-three entries, eleven from Ban
Francisco, four from Burlfngame, three
from San Rafael, two from Los Angeles,
two from New York and one from Bakers
field. In the qualifying competition at
eighteen holes, medal play, on Monday,
sixteen ladies scored less than 150 and be
came entitled to play for th<- cup. One
of these, Mrs. Cunningham, dropped "ut.
leaving fifteen competitors, who received
handicaps based on their previous day's
play. Miss Rowe i!»i and Miss Jarecki
(118) being the scratch players. The re
sults were as follows:
M,s.-= Scott gross 111. handicap 3, n. •
Him Carolan, 126, 10. 115? Mrs. H. T. £cott,
122. 6. U6; Mlsa Edith Me Bean. L2O, ?,. 117;
Mis- Taylor. 129, 10. 119: Mrs. VVlnslow. 127.
6, 121; Mrs. Connelly. 129, v in; Miss Cr ekett,
IS; Mra. H. D. Silent, 128, 6, 122; Miss
Rowe, 1-4. 0, 124; Mis* .lur.-ki. 125, 0, 125; Mrs.
VV. I 1 I'ullt. 133, v. 126; Mr*. Mann. 138, 7,
129; Miss Patton, ir.4. 17. J?.7; Miss Maud Mul
ling, 142. :;. 14 Mlhs Mi<r\ Scott has thus be
(■..me the winner of the Qeorge Crocker cup.
On Wednesday morning the qualifying
rounds for the Del Monte cup for men
w.-r<- held. Of the thirty-one entries ten
came from Los Angeles, three from River
side and two from Santa Monica, making!
a total "f !\ft'-<-n from Southern Califor
nia; five came from Oakland, and the
same number from San Francisco; New
York. Cleveland, >>.. and Burlingame each
had two representatives, Mare island one,
and Menlo Park one. The following six
i.'.-n qualified: Conde Jones 95, < ' 10.
Maud 86, W. H. Young 87, B. Crowell 89,
K. H > Irowell 91, «'. l. Hubbard 93, J. F.
Sartor: !<:i. J. E. Cook 93. Walter Cosby
94 R M Fitzgerald :«4. S. L. Abbott Jr. !<...
W. W. Lovetl '■<■'. B. B. Tufts 95, J. A. Fol
ger 95, liatrli May 96 and Lieutenant T. <;.
Roberts 96. The winners In the first
round of the match play contest, at thirty
six holes, were: B. B. Tufts. Hugh May,
Conde Jones, W. Cosby, R. M. Fitzgerald,
W. W Lovett, C. E. Man.] and C. I.
Hubbard. in the second round E. B. Tufts
won 3 up and 2 to play; w. Cosby won 1
uv; K. M. Fitzgerald won 3 ut> and 2 to
play; ( '. E. Maud won 4up and l' to play.
Iri the third round E. B. Tufts beat W.
Cosby, and the winner of the Fitzgerald
vs. Maud match played agalnsi Tufts In
the finals.
The executive committee of the Oakland
Golf ciuli has issued a circular to Its
members who are returning from th»-ir
Ltlons at various resorts where golf
has formed one of the principal attrac- \
tions. C. P. Hubbard made an excellent
Bcore on the San Rafael links, and other
members handed in good cards at Del \
Mont-. Portland and Spokane. C. I. HuT>
bard, Et M. Fitzgerald and J. A. Folger
win- among th>- sixteen players wl o
qualified to play for the open champion
ship for men at l >••! Monte, while Miss
Alice Muititt not only won the Ponlatow
ski cup at Burllngame but carried off
Beveral trophies on the links of Southern
California. Oakland golfers who have
visited links In various parts of the coun
try report that the Adarna Point course
compares favorably with any of them,
while the large, smooth and well-kept
putting-greens are not surpassed by any
they have seen. The new holes which
have !>.'>-:i added to the course enable
the members to enjoy an elghteen-hole
game extending ov« r 5074 yards, without
Incommoding players on the nine-hole
■ •ours.- of 2184 yards. A schedulo has been
drawn for the months of September, < Icto
ber and November, containing several
tournaments and competitions, which can
not fail to stimulate the Interest felt in
the In October and November
tournaments open to members of other
u'J! clubs on the Pacific Coast will he
held. The committee undertakes to secure
;i Hrst-class Instructor and expert golfer
at an early day.
All members of the Ran Rafael Golf
Club who desire to enter the first competi
tion for the Council cup inns! play a qual
ifying game of eighteen holes, medal play,
before September 2. the record being kept
by an official scorer. On Saturday, Bep
\ t>-mt)> r 2, '!)>■ first round of tin- cup com
; petition will be .played at eighteen holes,
■ match play, among the holders of the
I '-icht low.-st scores. The semi-final round
■ will be played on the morning of Beotem-
I b»-r '.'. and the final round on the afternoon
of the sane day. other competitions for
trophies will take place daring the Admis
sion day holidays.
ON THE BASEBALL FIELD.
Santa Cruz and Oakland Teams Will
Meet in This City To-Day
and To-Morrow.
The Santa Cruz and Oakland baseball
teams will play here tO-Cay and to-mor
row. They played nt Santa Cruz last
week, the home team making it three
straight. The series was pronounced the
most interesting played at the seaside
this year. The teams will line lip as fol
lows:
Santa Cruz. Positions. Oakland.
Btrelb .■ Catcher Hammond
Bales Pitcher Monklmon
Pace First base liutchinson
Williams Seen,! base Dunleavy
De'vercaux Third base Lunge
Arrelanes Sbortatoj) Bchmeer
Palryniple lwt field ('lake
Drennan Center field Donovan
Clark Right field Hardle
With the Swimmers and Divers.
Tlu- programme of aquatic sports at
Sutro Baths for to-morrow has ben pre
pared as follows:
r.O-yarci dash, novice— W. Fleming, Q Wal-
OOtt, C. Kintc. o. I»wenthal, F Shra .(
Muitan, C. Royal. F. Hitter, K. Jklarston, G
Nell.
.'O-yard dash— Juveniles— W. Early. J. L.alrd,
TV. Peters, <\ AUKUstup. T I^nhusen. R Rid
ing:, C. Lundln. C. Crowlejr, M. .Khnstnn
100-yard tub nee— E. bleboldt. W Fisher
E. Wells, W. Beyer. O. Ehrman, F. Htlde
THE SATs FBAKCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUG-UST 26, 1899.
brandt. A. Augustus. W. Phillips, G. Ariler,
C Baudain, 11 Stelljes, W. yarrow.
Trick ana fancy spring-board diving— M.
Divert, I>. McCann, M. McCowen, C. Crowley,
K. Cordell, C. Strohlln, A. Bagnatori, G. La
Rue, P. Giovanni, J. Gladstone, F. Ralston.
RIFLEMEN ARE ENTERTAINED
Visiting Arions Pleased With West-
em Systems on the Big Shoot
ing Ranges.
One of the pleasant functions in rifle
circles during the- past w< ek was a re
ception i" the Arions of New Ynrk prior
1" their departure for home. Among the
visitors were many members of shooting'
organizations, who were desirous of In
specting the California Schuetzen Club's
r;i!i^f Dear San Rafael, and they wind
from the JTosemite that they would accept
an invitation thai had been extended to
be the guests of tlio local riflemen upon
their return. As sunn as they reacned
this city the Easterners went to the San
Rafael range, where they were met by
William Enrenpfort, the veteran marks
man of the West; Captain l\ Attinger, I
Philo J;n •■ »i)\- . Robert Pinking, Captain
Fred Kuhls, H. Rahwyler, Captain Straub
and others. i"n<- party was entertained
at luncheon by Captain Schumann, after;
which they went over the grounds. The
visitors were much impressed with th>-
Western men's system of marking and
Bcoring shuts. On their ranges they still
use the old system of sliuwinK the value
of shots by the means of lar^e figures
raised by the markers in the pns. The
local means of communication by wheels
and wir>> particularly Impressed tne East
ern men as being much superior. Among
the visitors were: John. Spannheke, John
11. Feldscher, J. N. Gennerich, Edward
A. Maas, Henry Kroger, a. Stobtenberger,
< '. J>. Degenhardt and Gustav Grossman.
Many <■!" the Arions promised to return to!
the great rifle tournament in 1900.
The fortieth anniversary <>f the San;
Francisco Schuetzen Verein will be cele
brated at Shell Mound range "ii Septem
ber ■'■. -An Interesting programme <>f ritie
events lias been prepared. The verein has
appropriated $150 fur prizes on the point
tar^t. Sp>-iial prizes will be given for
most points, premiums, lies: thirty shuts
ami the lust centers. On the public tar-
(point) the tickets Will be Six Shots
to the string, re-entry. A lar^<- number
of valuable merchandise prises will be
given lor the members making the best
three-shot Bcores. In this event no out
sider will be allowed to participate. The
organization is ordered to assemble at
headquarters in uniform and will march
to the ferry. The targets will be open
from 10 a. ni. to »; p. m.
Will Play Handball.
The pr.trles for Sunday's handball I
games at Phil Ryan's court, SSS Howard
A. MrVi. !;.•:■ and T. I^>aeh vs. G. Smith and
.1. i london.
D. .1. Sheehan anil .1. it. Bockman vs. !■; >i.--
I tonOUgll r.M.I !•:. 1.. 7;. 11.
D. RoUgers ami M. McNeil vs. M. McDonald
and <;. McDonald.
1 1. Ryan and .J. Klrby vs. E. Barry and T.
Foley.
P. Ryan nn.l M. Mii'lure vs. J. Ihiwllne; anj
P.. Housman.
M. .1. KllgaUon and E. Maloney vs. .1. ui,,r
dan and K. Llnehftn
,i White and R Murphy vs. J. <'..liins and E
Foy.
The Crystal .dot Sea Br.tris.
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm sea.
water tub and swimming baths. North Ueach. •
'JOHN GRACE, the Most Noted Coursing Judge in America. t
JOHN GRACE, whose fame as a judge of coursing has spread wherever grey
hounda ar" used throughout the world, will be Been in tho paddle at Union
Coursing Park next Saturday. The service* of Mr. Grace have been at the
command of the park directorate for several months. Under the present
arrangement Mr. Grace and E. J. Bull will alternate. each passing upon the
work of the dogs in the field for one month at a time. Judge Grace has always
enjoyed the fullest confidence of the hettors. who ore proverbially finicky, and
of the dog owners. He has been identified with the sport since boyhood and is
thoroughly familiar with Its every phase. He is a splendid- horseman, having
a graceful seat and good hands. It ha:* not been, determined whether any
change will be made regarding the slipper.
BURLINGAME
LOSES THE GAME
OF BASEBALL
Contest Held at Del
Monta Grounds.
ALUMNI PLAYERS WIN
GOLF TOURNAMENT IS NOW
COMPLETED.
E. B. Tufts of Los Ang-eles Wins the
Cup, Gaining Honors for the
Southern Portion of the
State.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
I">KT, Monti:. Aug. 25.— For the first
time In the preseni Bportlng meet here
Burlingame has met with defeat, its
Waterloo being on the baseball diamond
at the racetrack and Its conquerors the
allied universities of the State.
The game began at 3 p. m. in the pres
ence, of all the smart set staying here.
near!;, all of whom were Interested in the
Burlingame players, but who Impartially
applauded good work on either side. Play
began with Alumni in. and at the end or
the lirst Inning three runs stood to their
credit. Burlingame then played with a
rush, scoring six points In the second and
third innings and doing some very clever
work Burllngame's fielders did poor work
and muffed the ball frequently. Alumni
were thus enabled to make several bases,
but could noi ke. ■;> their opponents from
scoring until Kaarsburg began to pitch.
Then the Varsity men went ahead in line
.style.
The teams were made up as follows:
Burlingame. Position. Alumni.
o Tobln s n. I linse l.cwls
J Tobln Jr Shortstop Webber
Reid First t>!i-<e Golinsky
Cunha Catcher Follansbee
Dibblee Third bane McKee
C. Tobln Lefl fleW Heller
Scotl Illicit fiel.i McLaine
.1. S. Tobln.. Center Held Butler
Smith Pitcher Lonagan
The score was 15 to 14.
The men's «0,l contest for the Del Monte
cup was finished to-day, C. B. Maud, pres
ident of the Riverside Polo and Golf Club,
coming off victorious. The morning's play
began with a contest between K. M. Fitz
gerald of the Oakland <?olf Club and
Maud. Fitzgerald falling out after very
close play. Maud then played the finals
with K. B. Tufts of Los Angeles, and fin
ished about dusk ihis evening at five up
and four to play. Southern California has
■hotograph by Bushnell.
both socially and from the point of view of a horseman. Frank J. Carolan ami other members
have K"iie more deeply intn fashionable equipages since then, and will prove important factors in the
show thin y.-ar. The illustration la from a photograph made by J. R. Hodson, 416 Geary street, on the
occasion of the open-air show last year. Walter Hobart is seen takinp the jump on the left of the picture.
thus rarrlorl off onejnf tho hlffhost honors
of this carnival of sporting contests. The
Kolf tournament will conclude with a team
match to-morrow, In which north and
south will again be pitted against each
other.
STATE FAIR PROGRAMME.
Complete List of the Events for the
Two Weeks of Racing at Sac
ramento.
Th*» spoed rommittee of th«* California
State Agricultural Society has prepared
the following- programme of the events to
he given each day during the State Fair
which opens on Monday, September 4, at
Agricultural Park, Sacramento:
Monday, September 4— Occident stake; r#cing,
2:30 class: running-, free purse $300. conditions
Friday, September 1; Shatter selling stake,
running, seventeen entries; running, free purse
1300. conditions Friday, September 1.
Tuesday. September &— Pacing stake, two
year-old, 2:30 class; trotting. 2:16 class; Flash
stake, running, sixteen entries; running, free
purse $300, conditions Friday, September 1;
running, free purse $200, conditions Friday,
September 1.
Wednesday, September 6— Pacing stake,
three-year-old, 2:20 class; v trotting. 2:22 class;
Dewey selling stake, 5 entries; running, free
purse $800, conditions Friday. September 1-; run
ning, free purse $300, conditions Friday, Sep
tember 1.
Thursday, September — Trotting stake, two
year-old. 2:40 class: trotting. 2:40 class; ladies'
stake, . running,' seven entries; running:, free
purse $400, conditions Friday, September 1;
running, free purse $2.V1, conditions Friday,
September 1.
Friday, September B— Special, conditions Sep
tember '•; pacing; 2:15 class; Sunny Slope
stake, twelve entries: running, free purse $250,
conditions Friday, September 1; running;, free
purse $ i'<". conditions Friday, September 1.
Saturday, September 9— racing, 2:25 class;
trotting;, free-for-all (two in three); Vinctor
stake, •eight entries; running, free purse $300,
conditions Friday. September 1; running;, free
purse $300, conditions Friday, September I; run
ning, free purse $300, conditions Friday, Sep
tember 1. . '
Monday, September 11— Stanford stake, trot
ting;; trotting, 2:30 class; the California Annual
stake, 'ten entries; running, free purse $250, con
ditions Friday, September v . running, free
purse $300, conditions Friday, September S.
Tuesday, September 12— Trotting, 2:19 class;
pacing 2:12 class; the California Futurity,
twenty entries; running, free purse $300, condi
tions Friday, September S; running, free purse
$400.
Wednesday, September 13 -Double team race,
special conditions Monday, September 11; run
ning, tree purse $250, conditions Friday. Sep
tember 8;' running, free purse $300, conditions
Friday, September x . running, free purse $350,
conditions Friday, September A.
Thursday, September 14— Sacramento County
roadster race; trotting, 2:13 class; the Capital
City stake, eleven entries; the Autumn Han
dicap, seven entries; running, free purse $300.
conditions Friday, September S.
Friday, September Three-year-old stake.
trotting. 2:25 class; pacing. 2:18 class; running,
free nurse $350, conditions Friday, September
8; running, free purse $250, conditions Friday,
September 8; running, free purse $300, condi
tions Friday. September 8.
Saturday, September in— Trotting, 2:2G class;
pacing, free-for-all (two In three); the Favor
ite stake, eleven entries: running, free purse
$250, conditions Friday, September 8; running;,
free purse. $.'!'»>, conditions Friday, September S.
State Fair's Success Assured.
The State Fair at Sacramento, to be
hold next month, promises to be the most
successful in the history of the State Ag
ricultural Society, '.he great pavilion of
the society, covering three acres of
ground, has already been appropriated by
exhibitors. This vast . area will be tilled
with the finest specimens of fruits, grains
and grasses grown in the State, together
with the most novel and modern manu
facturing and agricultural machinery,
which will be shown In motion. A model
creamery, a silo and an art gallery will
be attractive features. A cooking- school
Will be maintained and various articles
will be manufactured in view of the pub
lic.
At the park all breeds of livestock of
finest specimens from all over th' United
States will be shown. Racing will be con
ducted for two weeks. ■ Large fields of
the best trained horses in the State are
entered in the various races. ' A splendid
musical programme and entertainments
will be rendered every evening. at the
pavilion. The exhibits are coming from
all over the State, and a large attendance
from all directions Is assured.
AMATEURS CANNOT BOX.
Excelsior Athletic Club Refused a
Permit by the Supervisors.
In future it will be Impbsslble for un
trained boxers to engage in a legal boxing
match. The memory of a recent death in
tin- ring has caused the Health arid Police
Committee of the Hoard of Supervisors to
refuse to sanction further amateur con
tests. The application of the Kxe.elsior
Athletic Club for a permit to hold con
tests was yesterday refused. The reasons
for the refusal are set forth in the follow
ing report:
"The instructions that have been im
posed heretofore have not, in view of a
recent death in a fistic encounter, been
observed, and to allow amateurs to give
such exhibitions is to invite and encourage
contests that may be fatal to one or more
of the participants."
Sheriff Martin's plea for drugs and
medicines with which to fill prescriptions
at the County Jails was then
taken up. The committee, in view
of the fact that the appropriation is
Inadequate to meet the requirements
decided to call upon some public-minded
citizen for the necessary drugs md
pledged themselves to do' all In' their
power to reimburse such citizen in the
future.
Reiff Wins Handicap.
LONDON. Aug. 25.-L. Reiff. the Amerj:
can jockey, won the Palace welter handi
cap with Charina at the Hurst Park cinh
August meeting to-day. Johnny Si,
was second and Goland third in a. tieid f
"The Hampton plate was won by P -t^^
lllard's Taroltina, ridden by the Ami i~
Jockey Martin. Orsay was «-„", erican
Friar Like third. Five horses ran? and
OARSMEN GAIN FRESH
LAURELS AT ASTORIA
University of California Crew Re
turns With a Trophy Emblematic
of the Junior Championship.
The San Francisco oarsmen have won
their lull share of prizes at the sixth an
nual regatta at Astoria. Monday, the
opening day of the aquatic carnival, was
marred by heavy rain, in consequence of
which some of the races were postponed.
The day's racing resulted as follows:
Junior outrlgged skill race -John Lewla of the
Alameda Boat Club easily defeated E. < . Stern
berg ot the Ariel Rowing Club by several
Senior outrlgged skiff race, first heat-Dr. O.
c Dennis South End Rowing Club, won from
B. I Pembroke of the Alameda Boat club and
Jani^? Patton of Portland. Time, U mm. » sec.
Second beat- F. W. Ayera of the Alameda Boat
Club beat Jamea Folej ol the Bouth Knd Row
ing i 'lull. Time, 10 mm. 37 Bee.
bfatch four-oared barge race— A composite
crew made ap of W. G. Hansen and D. Green
leaf of the Alameda Boat > nih and J. Patton
and J. Dalgleish ol the Portland Rowing Club
defeated the four of the University ot Caii
fornia Rowed in driving rain and against a
strong' current. Picked crew wan by E sec. in I>J
mm. 45 sec. The course is one and a half
mill a with a turn.
On Tuesday the weather was fine and In
the morning' tl»<: oarsmen enjoyed smooth
water. The following were the results of
the day's racing:
Senir.r OUtrigged skiff race, final heat— F. W.
Av.rs of the Alameda Boat Club dfefeated-pr.
C. C Dennis of the South End Rowing < lub
bj one and a hair lengths In n mm. 19 sec.
Avers rowing In a smooth-bottomed boat, had
an advantage a 1 the turn over Dennis, whose
skirt was a lapstreak. Up to the stake neither
had s: decided lead, but Ayers gained length
on the turn. Dennis, having defeated Patton,
the Portland champion. Ayera may be called
th.' Pacific Coast champion in outrlgged
Exhibition tour-oared barge race -Alameda
crew ccnsistinß of J. L«wiß. t>"w; \\ . G. Han
«,.,, 'no ■ \ C Webb, No. 8; F. W. Ayr-.
stroke and K. Hansen. cockswain, defeated
the • .'vi- ol the University ot California, made
uj. of .I. Hopper, bow; Roy Fryer, No. 2; D.
Greenleaf No 3; '" Waggershauser. stroke,
and X Wilder eockftwaln. l>. Greenleaf Is an
Alame'da oarsman, who HUed th.- guv created
by tho absence Of Tracy, the university stroke.
Who "its too ill to row. The university crew
was beaten by a length. Time. 12 mm. 59 sec.
\ handsome cup has been awarded the uni
versity boys, who rowed against the best senior
crews, though they intended to inter only
apainst funior fours.
Four-oared Shell raoe-The Vancouver Boat
Club crew who had a new paper shell, refused
to row ill the rough water, and the Alamedas.
never haviiiK rowed in a shell race before, were
noon Bwamped. leaving the Portland cre-w to
row home winners. The l'urtlanders rowed
cleanly In choppy water.
On Wednesday, the third and last day of the
regatta the water was smooth and the weather
pleasant, Al Lean, the University of Califor
nia trainer, defeated the Instructor of the As
toria \thletlc Association in a wrestling match:
George Klarman of the Olympic Club won a
lMl ; .,. | n \'M and Brewer of the Lurllne
Swimming Club won a quarter-mile Bwimmlng
race and also a duck hunt. The rowing events
resulted as follows:
Championship shell ra««-Dr. C. C. Dennis
and J Foiey of the South End Kowins I lub.
E Bternberg and H. Wittkopf of the Ariel
Rowing Club and J. Patton of the Portland
Rowing Club started. Patton had choice and
took the outside position, with Dennis next to
him Ml but HternbeiK wer.- well up at the
stakes Where confusion arose from the fact of
tour boats having to turn three stakes. Foley
and Wittkopf aHowed Dennis to make a good
turn but on the home stretch Patton crowded
him and finally beat him by only a few feet.
Time U' mm. :!!> sec. Foley In a wherry wus
third and Wittkopf fourth.
Among the Cricketers.
The Alamcda cricket . eleven, will meet
the California team to-morrow on the
"Webster street grounds at Alameda for
the lift time during the present season.
The following will be the representatives
of the Alameda Cricket Club: J. J.
Moriarty (captain), J. H. Saunders, Har
old Ward. J. J. R. Peel. P. E. McLean,
George. Hellmann. F. C. Driffield, F.
Croll, V. Seebeck, B. Bird and F. Stahl or
W. O. Fortmann.' The California eleven
will be chosen from the following; E. G.
Sloman, A. Dickinson. A. B. Lubbock. C.
J. Thomas, W. Reeves. E. J. JLoughman,
L.. Schroeder.. F. M. Gunn, A. Willis. J.
Brown. E. W. Watts, W. R. Hammond,
G. C. Farrell. J. D. Robertson and A. E.
Aitken.
Three of the- Southern Californians who
recently proposed to visit San Francisco
to play against the local cricketers have
been playing golf at Del Monte during
the past week. These are C. E. Maud of
Riverside. W. H. Young and M. G. Bur
nirster of Santa Monica. . C. E. Maud and
W. H. Young made the second and third
best scores in the qualifying rounds for
the Del Monte golf cup; Another crick
eter who entered the qualifying round was
Rev. 11. W. L. O'Rourke, U. S. V for
merly senior chaplain of the Seamen's
Institute in this city, who has occasion
ally captained a team of apprentices from
British vessels.
H. C. Casldy, who has been plavlng with
his old club the . Pacifies, in several
matches lately, has returned to Keswick
As acting captain of the Mountain Cop
per Company Cricket. Club he has invited
the f city players to make up a team to
visit Keswick on September 9 and 10
promising them excellent entertainment
§StM?si T he P^ir.cs have recently
\isited Santa Cruz and expect to receive
somi^r.v^ t frOm l , he Santa Cruzans at
some early date, probably either Septem
-m li ,' lis not llkol >* tna t any team
of Hi Q m / "-, 0 t0 acee the hospitality
01 the Shasta County men.
Cross Country Club Outing.
Ane urst trip of the Century Cross
Country Club members was to the sum-
Efty 'were*" l Tamalpals - Those In the
<?a^ BrlKS 1 A. human. F. Sampson, K.
Sampson. '• Keyser. Geor B e Ward. F. Wari
in,, ''• TurbervUte, c. Alison. J. Robinson. T.
Jones. R. Jones, C. HlgKins. F. Keltner. J.
Vi'Vl ' J - lrvln K. George H. Irving and Frank
Meteorite Observed
OPORTO, An;?. 25.— At 1 o'clock this
morning a meteorite crossed the sky here.
A slight earthquake shock was felt at the
same time. No damage has been reported.
WEST
MASSACHUSETTS
STAKES WON BY
CHARLEY HERR
Seven Heats Hotly
Contested.
LECCO TAKES SECOND MONEY
FIFTEEN THOUSAND SPECTA
TORS PRESENT.
Dariel Cresceus and Senator L Annex
Purses and Reward Their Back
ers at the Readville
Track.
Special Dispatch tn The Call.
READVILL.E. Mass., Aug. 25.— The card
at the grand circuit races this afternoon
was the finest ever presented at the
Readvllle track, and fully 15,000 people
were present. The Massachusetts stakes
race, which has proved to be the greatest
trot of the year, was quickly finished after
the start was given. Charley Herr, owned
by David Cahill of Lexington. Ky., win
ning it. The event came over from
Wednesday. Charley Herr, Tomboy aid
Lecco having two heats each. Tomboy,
at the time of postponement, was a ta.lt
favorite, but he was sick Thursday and
to-day he had no chance to win. acting
lifeless. Ilerr became the favorite and
by trotting an honest mile won in almost
a" dead heat with Lecco. The latter broke
three times, but at the end closed up
yards of distance. Through the last eighth
the two horses came almost neck and
neck. It is claimed that upward of $100,000
depended on the event. The track was
quite soft after two days' soaking, but the
Jun dried out the course late In the after
noon.
Of the regular events the 2:07 pace was
the fastest and the 2:10 trot the most split
up.
The 2:l* trot went to Senator L after
Pilot Evans each time had come into the
stretch in the lead. Both finishes were in
doubt until the wire was reached and
Pilot Evans only lost by a head. Senator
L belongs to T. W. Dellinger of Portland,
Ind.
The 2:10 trot, which finally went to the
Toledo stallion. Cresceus, the favorite,
was a rattling affair. Cresceus had been
beaten In two heats through Geers' excel
lent handling of Dare Devil. The latter
seemed to tir* 1 after that and to lose his
feet when close pressed by the field, al
though he had generally benefited by a
good send-off. Results:
The Massachusetts stakes. &O.OOQ, 2:13 trot.
unfinished from Wednesday— Charley Herr won
third, sixth and seventh heats. .Time, 2:12.
•>.]•> 2:12 V Lecco won fourth and fifth heats
and" was second. Time. 2:184, 2:10 V Tom
boy won first and second heats and was third.
Time, 2:11. 2:10%. Bonnatella, Surpol, Tudor
Chimes Queen Alfred. Lady Geraldlne, Green
brlno, Fred Kohl. Bel Esprit, Success, Nancy
Kins Chanty and Royal Baron also started.
2:14 class,' pacing, nurse $3000, unfinished
from Wednesday— Dariel won In straight heats.
Time. L':i'l''.. 2:10. 2:10. Johnny Agan second.
Dombey Jr. third. Colon, Journeyman, Blaze
Boy Maximilian. Scapegoat, Nelson, Helen
R Handy and Art Alco also started.
2:07 class, pacing, purse 13000, best two in
three heats— Lady of the Manor won first and
third heats. Time. 2:0 C%, 2:07%. Helen Du
il.x won second heat in 2:o9'i and was second.
Royal R. Sheldon third. Nlcol B. Split Silk
and Bessie Leach also start ••■I
2:10 class, trotting, purse $2000, three in five--
Cresceus won third, fourth and fifth heatn.
Time. 2:10%, 2:1034, 2:10. l>are Devil won first
and second heats and was second. Time.
2:10%, 2:10%. Alcldalla third. Gayton, Mon
terey, Oakland Baron, Louise Mac and Benton
M also started.
J:!s class, trotting, purse $1000, two in three-
Senator L won in straight heats. Time, 2:ls'^.
2:15%. Pilot Evans second, Loma third.
Philfip E, Sadie M and Tom Leary also
started
2:14 class, trotting, purse J2OOO. two In three
(unfinished)— Timbrel won first heat in 2:11 V
Celibate Norvet Little Dick, Improvidence.
Confessor, Much Ado, Nicola and Miss Beat
rice also started.
YACHTSMEN RETURN
FROM RIVER CRUISE
Corinthians Will Escort the Home-
Coming Craft to Their Moorings
at Tiburon To-Morrow.
Thp San Francisco Yacht Club contribu
ted its share to the marine parade on
Thursday, the following boats flying Its
burgee at their mastheads: The schooners
J^urline. Aggie. Ramona. Chlspa, Outing
and Rover, the yawl Tramontana and thm
sloop Sappho. The sloop Pactolus, flagship
of the Calif ornias, was withdrawn because
of Commodore Allen M. Clay's serious ill
ness, but the yawl Idler and the sloop Oc
cident represented the club. The Corin
thian yachts towed in the parade were the
sloops Harpoon, Clara, Speedwell and
Elia.
Last Saturday the yawl Frolic joined the
cruise of the San Franciscos to Vallejo,
and on Sunday her owner, E. C. Bartlett,
accompanied by Mrs. Bartlett, started on
an up-river cruise. The San Francisco
yawl Phyllis recently returned to Sausa
llto.
The necessary changes in the rig and
trim of the San Francisco challenger for
the Perpetual cup have been made, and a
trial of her speed will soon t«e had. The
Corinthians are not under any .obligation
to name their defender until the morning
of the race, provided only that they are
ready to defend on some day not later
than September 30. They are at liberty to
choose a boat suitable to the weather pre
vailing on the day appointed. A commit
tee from the Corinthian and San Francis
co clubs will arrange a mating to discuss
details. The regatta of tin Pacific Inter
club Yacht Association, to be held in Sep
tember, will afford an opportunity to try
out the boats which might serve as de
fenders of the cup.
Commodore T. L. Hill will employ to
morrow morning in repairing the t>ack-
Btay and main traveler, which were car
ried away on the sloop Cygnus ta the- trial
of speed from Vallejo last Sunday.
To-morrow the Corinthians will sail into
the upper bay to meet the sloops Aeolus.
Edna Mignon and Cupid on their return
from the annual cruise up the Sacramento
Last Saturday the new sloop built by
c-.'rri.r of the California* cruised up to
v, i .in and - led down with the San
Francisco fleet. She Is a keel boat, with
outride ami Insde ballast, and though she
was under sail for the first time show-1
.'... SD .. ,! Shi has not yet been named.
i ait Sunday's trial of speed of the San
FYftnrisco yachts from ','allejo resulted in
slmokins' yawl Tramontane beat G. K.
InnW slboi Nixki by 1 minute and S7
,\< and Dr. A. W. McKenzie's sloop
aannho' finished 1 minute and 1 second
Kd of Commodore T. L. Hill's sloop
;''',;,,« Though the race was successful
anmJ .dissatisfaction was expressed that
o thorough in.asurement of the yachts
a n F2 careful calculation of time allow
a Sees base d thereon were not made.
KETCHUM STILL AT LARGE.
Report That He Was Captured In
New Mexico Untrue.
AI'STIN. Tex.. Aug. 25.— The report that
th train robber who was shot and fatally
wounded near Folsom, N. M.. a few days
h-.,l been identified as Tom Ketehum.
if,? ,' oriot." leader of the band of rob
. r. who have held up a number of trains
t .*aa New Mexfco and Arizona during
th oast few years, is discredited by the
State authorities here.
TPn-ltlve information was received here
',' a w .'ays ago that Tom Ketehum
? >A heen srrn near Sanderson. Tex., and
V., t he w«s being closely pursued by a
Msse of State Rangers and deputy United
States Marshals.CHACORNAC THE
FAVORITE FOR
THE FUTURITY
Rich Race to Be Run
To-Day.
LAR6E FIELD TO START
NOT A STAR IN THE ENTIRE
COLLECTION.
David Garrick, Winner of the Great
Trial Stakes. Believed to Have
Been Allotted Too Much
Weight.
Special Dtepaticfa to The Call.
NEW YORK, Aug. 23.— The rich Fu
. worth about $50,000 this year to the
of, will be run at Sheepshead to
: ■ bing day of the fall meet-
The number of entries on the card
is twenty-two, just one less than the Fu
turity record, but it is not certain that
all those named will go to the post and it
dly likely there will oe added start-
Tn^e race is an extremely open one, not
only because of the large number of prob
able starters, but because of the uncer
tain'quality, of the Held. No one of the
entries has done anything- impressive, al
though a number of those that will start
have Veen working in excellent form the
last few days.
The Futurity, course is 170 feet short of
fix furlongs, straightaway, ' and Ogden
holds the cord, of 1:10, made in .896.
Going over the candidates there is not
a star; in the collection, meaning that
there is not a horse that has shown a
il-cided superiority over another. David"
(■arrick, recently purchased by Pierre
Lorfllard and winner of the Great Trial
stal^p, is asked to pick up 134 pounds and
Wind which, a? a two-year-old, he will
iind.a difficult task.
The. probable favorite is Chacornac, pur
chased day by James R. Keene from
James Rowe. He did an impressive five
itirionjis at Saratoga recently in 1:00*4.
and went a trial of six furlong's yesterday
in I :l4Vs-
Ddfdblet. a son of Domingo, who will
carry 12t> pounds, won the Juvenile stakes
at Morris Park, and early in the season
looked as though he would be one of the
best, but his work during the season was
the First Attempt stakes at Brighton.
not [stem and he is not viewed with
much alarm by the others.
Of tha horses that are asked to pick up
122 pounds Plucky has been a consistent
performer and is an improving colt. His
best race was his defeat of Mesmerist In
Plucky.'s best recent trial with weight up
was six furlongs, in 1:16%:
Virginia Earle and Musette, the latter
having only appeared twice in company
.*-" far. have made fast trials, while Jim
linden's Oketee is credited with a work-out
of I:l4Vj at Brighton on Wednesday. The
entries, with jockeys, as far as known to
night,' are:'
Davia Garriek I ;?(jott) 134
J>"iib!c-t (Spencer) 126
OuMrn (Taral) 122
oicott. .'...".".'."122 ;
M.'.lriJie illman) ' ' 'i*' '
I'luckvMU. Lewis) ; ......122 |
I'rr«tiijtgltator (fimmis) ...12Z '
Virglafft : Earle (Maher) U9
Water Kin*,', 119
I-Ktst -Cnrd. — • -. 119
St. Ktnnan*(Pupee) ......117 ;
Musott.? (Clayton) 115
Cha<Jornac iMcc'uc) 114 i
Tend-erlofn f-ClawßOn) 11° I
Knijtht of- Rhodes 1 1 i Leary) 112 I
Kinsr Bramble, — 112 i
WlndiiwN, -• — — 112 I
The Scotchman l&hm) 112 1
Erwta (Hill) 112 i
< 'kf-Cpe iHrnnespy) ..:... ; 112 ;
Ir- 'HJoIs Uell*" (O'Connor) 10'j
Brigadier '^nrns) • -..109
QUAKERS LOSE.
Hard-Hitting Phillies Defeated Ow
ing to Coffy's Pitching. .
NATIONAL. LEAGUE STANDING.
<~"!ub?— W. L. Pet. 1 Clubs— W. L. Pet.
I Brooklyn ...71 .35 .670! Chicago 36 53 .Rl3
Boston to 42 .6151 Pittsburg .55 55 .500
Baltimore ..64 41 .f,V)\ Louisville ..4S 59 .44S
Philadelphia 65 44 .607 New York . 4: 59 .443
St. L0ui5. ...62 49 .55S Washington 36 71 .336
Cincinnati ..59. 4S .551 Cleveland ...19 94 .168
PT. LOUIS, Auk. 25.— Effective twirling by
Cuppy and Sudhoff landed two games for the
Perfectos to-day from the hard-hitting Quak
f-rs. The tuirlors Vere ably supported by Lave
("rose, AValJac<» and Burkett. Attendance,
6700. '. Score, first game:
Club— R. H. E.
Ft. Louis : 10 0
Philadelphia 2 4 3
Batteries— Cuppy and Criger; Donahue and
Douglass. '
Second game:
Club— ' . " R. H. E.
<-• Louis 3 10 1
Philadelphia 13 1
Batteries— Sudhoff and Crlger; Piatt and
McFarland. -McDonald and Emslle.
PITTSBURGH Aug. 25.— TannehilTa bad in
nlrnr was the third, when five hits and an error
brought four runs, but his team-mates, en
couraged by Boaumont's home run In the fifth,
Jumped onto. Lewis in the Elxth for four hits
and four runs, TannehiU's three-bagger bring
ing in two of the runs. Attendance 2000.
(Boston R. H. E.
7 10 1
n 6 12 8
Batteries— TannehiH and Schrlver; Lewis and
Bergen., — GafTney and Latham.
CLEVELAND, Aug. 25.— The home team sur
rrised the ppectators to-day by defeating the
Giants. The game was won on Its merits.
™rt*r. . . R. H. E.
■ ianii • •• — 4 S 3
New York ....,., 2 3 I
Batteries— Knepper and Rugden; Beymour and
Wilson. Umpires— Manassau and HcGarr.
WORLD'S RECORDS LOWERED
Cyclers Make Good Time on Berke
ley Oval.
Xi:W YORK, Aug. 2T>.— The world's rec
■ the first day's races
■ ■ ar:i;it>"ir championships of the
■hI Cycling Association on the
OvaJ track to-day.
In th<- first heat of the third of a mile
Frank Kramer of the Harlem
Wheelmen defeated G. H. Collett of New
AILMENTS OF MEN.
DR. MEYERS & CO. CURE Lost Vigor, Premature Decay, Unnatural Losses,
Wasting Drains, Nervous Debility, Stricture, Rupture. Tumors, Varicocele. Private
Diseases, Eczema, Cancer. Sleeplessness, Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Kidney Dis-
eases, Bladder Diseases, Spine Diseases, Liver Diseases. Heart Diseases, Blood
Diseases. Skin Diseases, Stomach Diseases, Eye Diseases, Ear Diseases, Lung
Diseases, Rectal Diseases.
~ . Zf&Z~~~~ F*AY WHEN CURED.
■ . _tfl^aa*tyP*l^^^mp^£L^ If a patient has any doubt about being
/^^\^<W4fff^^^^ya^fSk\ cured he may deposit the price of a cure
/£*? if «v )y g A'" any bank in San Francisco, to be paid
I S*^!? / W <s|f* I *?£f^l? I to DR. MEYERS & CO. after he is en-
I \? jjil I \JjjL >j»ji} I Xj*^.* 1 j tirely well. If it is not convenient to do
\ "' »*^* A l^^^T A, yyK^. / this payments may be made in weekly or
WL^kl&lJwl. /7TO>Ay^J^t monthly installments.
** s -~. ; ?- >^ ' CONSULTATION FREE.
r ~_ n _ F , ROOK— HOME CURES— If you cannot call, write for private book, diagnosis
who hfi\.- navar neen thf doctor*. < "nuiltsl . c> n trw « «» • i
th, iHr.-s't'ani^feljulpped medica'Tfn.tHu.e and the mo 8 t extens.v, practice In
America. ' v.^ " V'v-. '•:
DR. MEYERS & C0 M 731 Francisco. '
TAKE ELEVATOR. Hours, Bto 5 daily ; Evenings, 7to 8; Sundays 9to .11.
Haven by half a length in a sprint down
the stretch in the record time of 39 4-5 sec
onds.
In the final heat of the one mile tandem
ovent Hausman and Rutz ran away from
C'Mlctt swxi Wahrenberger in the stretch,
; winning: DJ a length in the record time of
[ ! :'•- 3-."i. These were the only short dis
j tance championship finals run to-day.
LONG SHOT COMES IN.
Wild Tartar at 250 to 1 Wins at St.
Louis Fair Grounds.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 25.— Wild Tartar, at
250 to 1, was a winner at the fair grounds
to-day. The track was fast. In the clos
ing: ovent, while at the post, Flora G was
kicked and her leg broken. She had to be |
shot. Results:
Selling, live and a half furlongs, Silent
Friend won, Glissando second, Dinornis
thir.l. Time, 1:09%.
Maiden three-year-olds, six furlongs.
Whisper Low won, George Arnold see- !
ond. Stella Berkeley third. Time. 1:15%.
Selling:, three-year-olds, six furlongs, |
Also Ran II won. Lake Fonso second, |
Uncle Bill third. Time, 1:15.
Mile and seventy yards. Annie Oldfield
won, K.i. nil? second. Eight Bells third. !
Time, I:4s.
Selling, mile, Wild Tartar won, Mamie j
■ .1, Mil) Billy third. Time, 1:44.
Selling, six furlongs, Mamie Lou won,
Diggs si ad !M L third. Time, 1:15.
DETROIT, Aug. 25.— Hugh McCarren Jr.
had his sprinter Skillman claimed out of
the. sixth rare to-day at Highland Park,
and in turn he claimed Jessie Jaxboe.
Weather clear; track fast. Results:
One mile, selling. Maranta II won, Cyn
thia H second, Rotterdam third. Time,
1:41%.
Four and a half furlongs, two-year-olds, j
i selling. Alpaca won. Daily Report second,
Talma third. Time. ::'..".'.
I Six furlongs, selling, Annie Laurette ■
won. Sallie J second, Eleanor Holmes ,
third. Time. 1:15^2-
Five and a half furlongs, two-year-olds J
Lamp Globe won. Dissolute second, Ad
vance Guard third. Time, 1:08,
Mile and an eighth. Windward won.
Topgallant second. Can I See Em third.
Time, 1:55.
Six furlongs, selling, Looram won,
Skillman second, Jessie Jarboe third.
Time, 1:15.
CHICAGO, Aug. 25.— Unsightly; at odds
' on, was the only winning favorite at Har
! lem to-day. Track fast. Results: ■ "
Five and a half furlongs— Flora Bird
won. Silver Fizz second, Tilby Ann third.
Time, 1:07%:
One mile, selling— Kings Highway won.
Golden Rod second, Nettie Brooks third.
1 Time, 1 :42^.
One mile, selling— Chauncey Fisher won,
Catastrophe second, Chicopee third. Time,
1:42. . -
Mile and an eighth— Rosa Masso won.
Bondman second, Countess Irma third.
Time. 1:53%-
Five furlongs, selling— Unsightly won,
Decoy second. ____
SARATOGA. Aug. 25.— The last day of
the Saratoga meeting was marred by a
poor card, both in size of fields and qual
ity of entries. For the first time on rec
ord the Beverwyck stakes, the full-course
steeplechase, degenerated Into a walkover
for Dr. Cattlett, most of the horses having
been sent back to New York. Dave S
was the only favorite that won. Results:
Five furlongs— Laureate won. May Jane
Becond, Flaxnora third. Time, la'l I*.1 *.
mill Maurice won. Wolhurst sec
ond, Tragedian third. Time, 1:41*4.
Five and a half furlongs— Dave S won,
Lillian Bell second. Island Prince third.
Time, ' :08.
Mile and a quarter, Spencer handicap —
I.avtrock won, Alpen second, Her Lady
ship third. Tim. , 2:06)4.
Beverwyck Bte< plechase, full course-
Walkover for Dr. Cattlett.
CREEDON WINS THE FIGHT.
Defeats Fred Morris After a Fast
Mill Lasting Six Rounds.
NEW YORK, Aug. 25.— Dan Creedon of
Australia defeated Fred Morris, colored,
of New York at the Broadway Athletic
Club to-night in a hurricane tight that
Referee Johnny White only allowed to
go six rounds. Morris, who is known in
pugilistic circles as the "Cyclone," was
not out, but was hopelessly beaten and
had become a mere punching bag for his
opponent.'
In the preliminaries Ed Martin of Den
ver beat "Walter Johnson, colored, of
Philadelphia in seven rounds, and Frank
Jarroll, colored, of Chicago beat Percy
Mclntvre of New York in six rounds.
attendance 2aoo. ...
«.
Both Fightei-s Cut Up.
CHICAGO, Aug. 25.— 8i11y Rotchford
again met deft at to-night at the hands
of Harry Forbes in one of the mnst bit
terly contested six-round tights evrr si-^n
here. It was Forbes' fight in nearly every
round. Both men wer«-- badly cut up at
the finish. The referee's decision in favoi
of Forbes was favorably received.
WANTS A FAIR RACE.
Sir Thomas Lipton Says That Is All
He Asks for the Shamrock.
LONDON, Aup. 25.— Sir Thomas Ltp
ton, owner >>f the America"s cup chal
lenger Shamrock, when interviewed to
day regarding the secrecy that has
been maintained about the yacht's
build, said there was no more mystery
about the Shamrock than the Colum
bia. He was not. aware, he said, that
the Columbia had been publicly ex
hibited nor that anything; more was
known about her than the Shamrock.
Continuing, Sir Thomas Lipton said:
"When the official measurer does his
work every detail will be known. It
will be a square race with no imped
ing. At the first attempt at such a
thinpr we will abandon the race and
make a protest. Mr. Iselin is as deter
mined as I am to have a clear course
if I have to start a score of times.
"I should have been glad to have
Captain Parker and the cream of the
Meteor's crew, but doubtless Emperor
William considered it tactful to with
hold his consent. I leave to-morrow."
FIRE CHIEFS MEET.
SYRACUSE, N. V., Aug. 25.— At the con
vention of Fire Chiefs to-day several con
stitutional amendments wore considered.
It was decided, beginning with next year,
to elect a president and two vice presi
dents irrespective of the vice presidents
from 'the different States, by a majority
vote of delegates. Section -2 of article 2
Is changed bo as to provide for a board of
directors, to consist of a president, secre
tary and three other members, to be elect
ed for three years. The salary of the sec
retary is made $GOO instead of $800 a year.
A resolution was adopted restraining the
directors from changing the place of meet
ing of the association.
Charleston was (selected as the next
place of meeting, on the fourth ballot. J.
V. Quigley of Syracuse was chosen presi
dent. Secretary Hills and Treasurer Lar
kin being re-elected. The convention has
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 20, 1899;
A FEAST OF POI
FOR WASHINGTON
Hawaiiaos Will Celebrate Liliuo-
Kalani's Birthday in Native
Style at the Capital.
• HONOLULU. Aug. 18.— "Washington City Will have a real Hawaiian •
O luau, with pol, fish, other delicacies, leis, music and dancing. Prince g
5 David Kawananaloa puts up for the luau. He shipped two boxes, g
S8 weighing 1,200 pounds, containing all required for putting on an elabor- g
$ ate feast, on the Doric, and left for Washington by the same steamer. g
a The poi, fish, seaweed, etc., were frozen in ice by the Hawaiian ft
Si Electric Company and then securely . packed to keep a month or so. 2S
O From San Francisco the cases will go by express to Washington. They «
will not be opened until the day of the luau. q
6 The feast is to be given in honor of former Queen Liliuokalani, jj
6 and will take place on her birthday, September 2. All the Hawatians in Q
•T Washington and those visiting in the East at the time will be invited g
8 to be present. Arrangements will also probably be made to take the jg
O quintet club and native dancers from Omaha to Washington for the <g
•? day. There will be some prominent American guests, chiefly members jg
5 of Congress. 88
<5 The luau is a novelty and will doubtless create considerable of a sen- Q
<> sation in Washington. Nothing of the kind, on a large scale, has ever «3
ft been attempted before. If the weather is fine the feast will take place oj
i 5 in true Hawaiian style, under a lanai on some fit lawn. Otherwise a O
6 house will be used for the purpose. Prince David will spend about V
ft five months in the East visiting all of the big cities and points of inter- g ?
& est. He is accompanied by a native valet. O
KEPT PORTUGUESE
FROM HAWAII
Peculiar Procedure of
Consul Jones.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HONOLULU, Aug. IS.— There Is a big
row in Madeira over the Portuguese la
borers ordered by the Planters' Labor and
Supply Company from that country.
Consul Jones, head of the United States
consulates in the group, started the muss.
i At the time lumj laborers had booked for
i Honolulu. When the laborers were get
ting ready to sail Consul Jones went to
them and told them they were going to
American territory and that their con
tracts were not worth the paper they
wore written on. He warned them not to
ship. The laborers flew to the agency
enlisting them. No explanations would
suffice and many of them demanded that
the matter be referred to the Government
at Lisbon.
Consul Jones himself write to the Amer
ican Minister at Lisbon, the matter went
before the Portuguese Government and
the position of the Consul was there sus
: tamed. Most of the immigrants imme
diately backed out.
Immediately after this Consul Jones
wrote tii the Washington Government,
! giving in detail all that had taken place.
' The St;.te Department corrected him in
I several points. One Btatement was that
Hawaii was fully under American terri
torial laws. \ho department stated that
the contracts w»>re in full force and would
,so remain until Congress had extended
American laws to the islands.
Consul Jones' letter was forwarded to
•a Agent Bewail with Instructions
that he refer it to the Hawaiian Gov
ernment. The points upon which the
Washington Government had con
Consul Jones were marked. Mr. Bewail
delivered the letter yesterday and it was
before rtie Cabinet this morning. Presi
dent Dole remarked that the letter bristles
with misstatements.
The evident intention of Consul Jonett
was to prevent if possible the departure
of the Portuguese from Madeira. What
his motives were are of course not known.
In his letter to tne Washington Govern
ment he States that the immigrants are
anarchists and cut-throats, and urges the
department to take every precaution to
keep th»-m from landing on American soil,
: for they would be the worst sort of citl-
Z£ This statement will not go far here and
Beema to indicate som» motive behind the
I whole proceeding. Nearly all the Portu
guese in the Hawaiian Islands come Imm
neighborh i of Funchal and St.
Michaels ami are the same class as < on
sul Jones calls -anarchists and cut
throats.' Many of those booked for the
Islands at this time are probabij relatnes
of the Portuguese here.
Little attention will \>o paid by the Gov
r-rnment to the correspondence save to
'< further correct the letter of Consul Jones
and return it to Washington. To cor
rect it however, will be to practicajly
rewrite' it. for there are very few words
of actual fact In it.
The incident is important because it
shuts off a number of laborers the plnnt
ero had calculated upon for the next quar
ter Moreover, it will doubtless Intercept
any further shipments that might be at
: tempted. In fart Madeira as a labor
market may In future be regarded as
i closed. .^___ ===
TROUBLE OVER HAWAIIAN
QUARANTINE EXPENSES
Both the Government and Steamship
Companies Refuse to Pay Claims
of Merchants.
HONOLULU, Aug. 19.— Yap Ah Sap and
Bee Ah Kan, two Chinese who attempted
io effect an illegal landing at thin port,
have been turned over to Chinese Agent
Brown by order of the Supreme Court.
Both men have been deported.
The United Stati-s Government has de
clined to pay the expense attached to the
quarantine of last winter, when a large
number of Chinee, were refused a land
ing. Special Agent Brown caused the de
tention of the men, claiming that th<y
were not entitled to v binding in Hawaii.
The Bteamship company also refits, s to
pay the expense. President Dole has re
ferred the question to the Attorney Gen
eral for an opinion as to who is liable.
The claims are held by numerous mer
chants and others about town and are tor
food and other supplies furnished for the
Chinese while they were held for a very
long period on Mauiola. The total ex
pense of quarantine is about $10,000.
AMERICAN INDUSTRY.
London Statist Prophesies Increased
Prosperity for This Country.
LONDON, Aug. 25.— The Statist, under
I the caption "American Prosperity," will
' say: BOH
"There will be very large exports of
wheat to meet the demands of Western
Europe American farmers are disposing
of their crops rapidly and at toler
ably good prices, and they will be
able to purchase from the East
and from Europe as fully as they
have been doing this year. The United
States has made great progress of late
years in manufacturing and trading, but
ft is still essentially an agricultural coun
try and its prosperity depends mainly on
the harvests. Therefore fair wheat and
good harvests of other productions mean
the continuance of the well being of the
farmers, who are the backbone and life
blood of the country."
The Statist then adds: ,;;
"Under the circumstances, it is reason
ably curtain that railroad traffic returns
and foreign orders for locomotives, steel,
etc.. will continue to Increase."
The tenor of the article prophesies an
Increase of the present prosperity of the
United States. •' ;~::r:.; •; >■"-'
Escapes Prosecution.
OMAHA, Aug. 25.— James D. Bates, the
cattle buyer, who was charged with swin
dling the Union -Stock. Yards National
Bank out of $11,000, was discharged on his
preliminary hearing. Bates secured the
money on drafts drawn on Wilson, Sons
& Co.. of Baltimore, which were protest
ed. The bank subsequently recovered
practically all of the. money through at
tachments on cattle purchased with it.
■ ♦ . • .■ ■ ,
An interesting place to visit, Gump's • New
Art Booms, 113 Gear/ su ■ *
AN AUTOMOBILE
TRUST FORMED
Company Started With
Large Capital.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW" YORK, Aug. 25.— The American
Automobile Company has organized in
this city to control the manufacture and
I operation of all the automobiles and mo
| tors in which kerosene or gasoline is used,
j not only in this country, but in France,
I Germany and other countries in Continen
tal Europe.
The now corporation is to be financed
by the Colonial Trust Company. Rack of
the combination are said to be William
C. Whitney, P. A. B. Widener and
; Thomas Dolari of Philadelphia; United
States Senator S. F. Elkins of West Vir
; ginia, Joseph Letter and others. The
scheme was engineered, by ex-Mayor
' Frank A. McGowan of Trenton, N. J., who
has been elected chairman of the execu
tive committee, Thf> new combine takes
I in the Automobile Company of America,
| the Winton Motor Carriage Company, the
i National Motor Carriage Company and
the Manhattan Motor Carriage Company.
Between them these companies control
Sixty-five foreign and domestic patents
f • ir the use of gasoline, kerosene and all
oils applied to automobiles and motors.
The new company is to be capitalized at
$10,000,000, of which $4,500,000 will be in pre
ferred stock.
The assets, exclusive of the patents and
the good will, cxrfcd $1,0«0.0<W. and of this
i then- l 8 1375,000 cash in the treasury. Af
: ter oomplying with the terms of the op
tions there will remain in the treasury,
! after selling the preferred stock, $1,375,000
i in cash and $1 ,i«»". lh 'i in common stock.
I The net earning rapacity of the new com
bination Is estimated at $1,000,000 a year.
It was stated last night that there "were
strong probabilities that the Charles J.
Canda Company of Carteret, N. J., the
1 Haynes-Apperson Company of Kokomo,
j Ind., and the Pope Manufacturing Com
i pany of Hartford, will also go into the
I trust.
The promoters of the new company
I claim that the average electric motor
I weighs three tons. Of this there are 3000
! pounds of plates in the motor capable of
carrying the vehicle seventy-five or
eighty miles. If it is desired to travel a
I further distance without recharging an
1 additional 1000 pounds of plates are neees
' sary for every extra twenty miles. The
I gasolene or kerosene motors," it is claimed,
i can he recharged at any country store.
I while an electric vehicle can only be re
: charged in places where there are elec
trlca.T< plants. It is also asserted that a
' six, eight or twelve horsepower motor
supplied by kerosene or gasoline weighs
I not to exceed 1040 pounds, allowing eighty
j pounds for fuel.
TWO PRISONERS MEET
DEATH BY HANGING
First Legal Execution of White Men
That Has Ever Taken Place in
Indian Territory.
MUSKOGEE, I. T.. Aug. X.— Cyrus A.
Brown and Matthew Craig were exe
cuted here to-day. It was the first legal
banging of white men ever held in th<'
Territory. They mounted the scaffold
smiling. Both men formerly lived in Kan-
Bas, Brown belonging to a prominent fam
ily.
Brown killed Daniel Cuthbert. an aped
white man, who had befri'-nded him. on
the Arkansas Kiver, near Webbers Falls
J. T., in October, Uw6.
Craig killed Deputy United States Mar
shal Joseph Helnriche at Tahlequah, I.
T.. last .March. Heinrlchs arrested Craig
for selling liquor in the Territory and took
him to his own house for the night. While
the deputy was asleep Craig shot him
with a revolver passed in by a confed
erate.
DEATH OF A PIONEER.
George May Dies Suddenly on Mount
Breckenridge.
BAKERSFIKLD, Aug. 23.— George May,
a pioneer of this county and a forty-niner'
suddenly dud from heart trouble at his
ramp on Mount Breekinridge last night
.shortly after retiring. Deceased wan
well known to all old miners in Califor
nia and Nevada.
Early In the fifties ho was. a partner of
tho lato Senator Hearst in Nevada mines.
He knew Senator Stewart when lie herd
ed imps. May was upland down .finan
cially, and he died poor. He was about 70
yean of a p.'. He leaves a widow and sev
eral children.
♦ —
Cavalry for Manila.
SEATTLE, Aug. 25.-Seven hundred and
fifteen troopers and fifteen oftict rs of the
Third Cavalry, under the command of
Major Henry WVssela Jr., sailed for
Manila this afternoon on the transport St
Paul. They wil reach Manila soon after
the Ist of October, stopping en route at
Dutch Harbor, Alaska, and Kobe and
Nagasaki, Japan, where the men will dis
embark.
Seventy men of the Third Cavalry are
left here under the command of Lieuten
ants Johnstone and Chilly. They will fol
low in a few days with the remaining
horses of the regiment on the trunsport
Victoria.
An amusing incident in connection with
the sailing of the St. Paul was the fail
ure of about a dozen cavalrymen to get
on board in time. They were taken out
to the steamer in rowboats.
SERIOUS CRIME CHARGED.
Ignacio Herroa Tenants the San Luis
Obispo County Jail.
SAN LUIB OBISPO, Aug. 25.-Tgnacio
Herroa is in the County Jail, accused of
a crime of which Juanita Arguello, the
thlrteen-year-Old daughter of the woman
with whom Herroa is said to have been
living as heF husband, was the victim.
Herroa was arrested to-day on a warrant
Bworn out by Marshal Cook and which
charges that the crime was committed on
or about the Ist of February of the pres«
ent year. The man wan given a prelim
inary hearing to-day before Justice Bgan,
who held him to answer Before the Su
perior Court.
The father of the girl, it is asserted,
went to Mexico with h!s son several years
ago, leaving his wife and Juanita here.
Later he sent for them, but in the in
terval after his departure Mrs. Arguello
Is said to have become Infatuated with
Herroa and the two have been living to
gether for some time. If 1s also claimed
that Juanita had learned to look upon
Herroa ac her father.
HONOR OUR BOYS
PLAN OF THE
PARADE
TONIGHT
Aids to the Grand : Marshal will < report
monnted'at 6; p. m. sharp to the Chief of Aids'.
Alfred- L. Morgenstern, at California Hotel.
Bush street, between Kearny and Grant aye
, nue. 1 : ' .• '■;■--■■ -.'
, 2— All organizations must be in their respec-
I tive positions at 7:45 p. m., ready to move.. ; . All
i those who fail to be In line when the parade,
I starts' will be' assigned to the rear of the
: column. - - ■ ' ■ , " .'/ '' ; "■
3— Division' Marshals and Aids, will see that
the organizations v befringing to their respective
i divisions are . escorted., to their proper places
■ 1 arid are promptly formed. 'vU
i . 4— The signal to advance will be given by the
firing of .three signal shells, at .S. p. TO. sharp,
I and will be promptly obeyed by each division in
Its turn. All organizations will march in pla
! toons of "'sixteen' front.' " •
j., The .distance- between platoons shall be-not,
! more than sixteen .feet, and v between divisions
I not more than ' ten yards. ' '•; " '.' '.
Division' Marshals are particularly requested
to maintain these distances. - -- : - ■ * •
— Display movements which have a tendency
to. retard the progress of the column are strictly
| prohibited. " . .. .  . -. . * i - -■'
j . 7— All i organizations must avoid " Van Ness
avenue while en 'route to. the point of •formation
and under no Circumstances must pass- up or
down Van Ness avenue, and must approach the
place of formation. at. least one block from. the
rear. " ' .'■ - ■ . '.'-'.' '. .
• B— The headquarters of the Grand Marshal
during the formations of the divisions will be
at the southwest corner of Broadway; and Van
Ness avenue. > : '. •' , • '.'- . , •.
| , All carriages will occupy, the special .posi
; tion's, designated, for .them. Where there are
two or more • carriages ;' they will march two
abreast.
—No business or personal advertising will
I be allowed In the parade, and all Marshals and
Aids are directed to cause the removal from
their divisions of all persons who violate this
rule.
11— While it is the desire of the Grand Mar
shal that all organizations should provide
j themselves with a liberal quantity of fireworks,
j the use of Roman candles, skyrockets or explo-
I sive fireworks of any kind is strictly prohibited.
| Hand illuminators or colored fires will be al
lowed without stint.
Division Marshals are instructed to notify
' all bands under their control to play in passing
i the reviewing stands, at City Hall square. Lot
! ta's Fountain, and Bush and Battery streets,
; and Sansome and Market.
ROUTE OF THE" PROCESSION.
! The line of march will be south along Van
| Ness avenue, to Market street, down Market
1 street to East street, then countermarch along
! Market street to Montgomery street, to Califor
! nia, to Kearny, to Market to the reviewing
I stand which will be established at Native Sons
j anil Daughters' Grand Stand, City Hall ave
| nue, after which the parade will be dismissed.
FORMATION "o¥" PROCESSION.
Divisions will form in the following order on
I the north and south sides of streets crossing
Van Ness avenue, with right resting on Van
j Ness avenue.
j FIRST DIVISION— form on Van Ness,
avenue, with right resting on Broadway.
i Divisions forming the N. S. G. W. section will
j form as follows:
First Division— North side of Broadway,
! east of Van Ness avenue.
Second Division— South side of Broadway,
i east of Van Ness avenue.
Third Division— North side of Broadway,
west of Van Ness avenue.
Fourth Division— South side of Broadway,
: west of Van Ness avenue.
Fifth Division— North side of Pacific street,
east of Van Ness avenue. I ■•-; \ •
Sixth Division— North side of Pacific, ' west
of Van Ness avenue.
Seventh Division— North side of Jackson,
east of Van Ness avenue.
THIRD DIVISION— side of Jackson,
west of Van Ness avenue.
FOURTH DIVISION— North side of Washing
ton street, east of Van Ness avenue.
FIFTH DIVISION North side of Washington
street, went of Van Ness avenue. .-.-.■-■. ■--.', i
SIXTH DIVISION— North side of Clay street,
I east of Van Ness avenue.
SEVENTH DIVISION— side of Clay
! street, east of Van Ness avenue.
EIGHTH DIVISION— North side of Clay
i street, west of Van Ness avenue.
NINTH DIVISION-South side of Clay street,
; west of Van Ness avenue.
TENTH DIVISION— North side of Sacra- j
! mento street, east of Van Ness avenue.
ELEVENTH DIVISION North side of Sac
ramento street, west of Van Ness avenue.
TWELFTH DIVISION— North side of Califor
-1 nia street, east of Van Ness avenue.
THIRTEENTH DlVlSlON— California street,
| west of Van Ness avenue.
FOURTEENTH DIVISION— North side of
Pine street east of Van Ness avenue.
FIFTEENTH DIVISION— South side of Pine
street, east of Van Ness avenue.
SIXTEENTH DIVISION— street, west of
Van Ness avenue.
SEVENTEENTH DIVISION— Bush street,
east of Van Ness avenue.
EIGHTEENTH DIVISION— North Fide of
Bush street, west of Van Ness avenue.
NINETEENTH DIVISION— South side of
! Bush street, west of Van Ness avenue.
'■ TWENTIETH DIVISION— Fern avenue, west
of Van Ness avenue.
TWENTY-FIRST DIVISION— Sutter street,
east of Van Ness avenue.
TWENTY-SECOND DIVISION— street,
west of Van Ness avenue.
Division Marshals are instructed to carefully
watch the foregoing order of procession and
have each division fall in lino as above desig- ;
nated. _ __
REGALIA OF OFFICERS.
1 Grand marshal— Black military hat, with gold
I cord and white plume; red. white and blue
sash; gold rosette; gray military gauntlets.
Chief of staff— Full military uniform.
Chief of aids— Black military hat, gold and
black cord, with gold plume; blue sash, with
gold rosette; pray military gauntlets.
Chief aids— Hlack military hat, gold and
black cord, with blue plume; red and white
sash; gray military gauntlets.
Aids to grand marshal— Hlack slouch hat,
! with red cord; red sash; white lisle-thread
: gloves.
Section marshal— Black military hat, gold
and black cord; white and old-gold' sash; gray
military gauntlet*.
Chief of staff of section marshal— Black mili
tary hat, gold and black cord; blue and old
gold Hash; gray military gauntlets.
Chief of aid*— Black military hat, with gold
cord; white and blue sash; gray military
' gauntlets.
Aids to section marshal— Black slouch hat,
red cord, white sash; gray military gauntlets.
Division marshals— Black military hat. with
! gold and black cord; old-gold sash; gray mill
, tary gauntlets.
i . Aids to: division marshal— Black slouch hat;
red cord ;, blue sash; white lisle-thread gloves.
" SAfldle' blankets— All saddle blankets must be
i white with gold trimmings.
.; All< marshals arid aids in Native Sons' sec-
I tion- will carry , in. lieu of baton a bunch of
California; popple*. . :■-■-. .  .
ORDER OF PROCESSION.
Detachment of Mounted Police.
League of the Cross Band.
League, of the Cross Drum Corps.
Grand' Marshal L. c. Pistole.*!. p,
Chief of Staff Captain Alfred J. Kelleher,
First California Volunteers.
Chief of Aids Alfred L. Morgenstern.
,' SPECIAL CHIEF AIDS: •■' ,
H. J.-.Mclsaae ••■■ : John A. .Hammersmith
Emil Kehrleln ' -:. ; A. K. Daggett
Capt. S. P. Blumenberg Dr. A. P. O'Brien
D C. Martin ... , - Daniel A. Ryan
John F. Tyler " Dr. J. P. H. Farrell
Arthur D. Codlngton 1 Thomas I\ Dunn
: Bin Solomon ' , 8. V. . Costello ,
j William H. ' Metson j , H. % G. IW. Dinkelspiel
AIDS TO GRAND MARSHAL.
Dr. Lao Plchel A. Decourtleux, Jr.
William Li>hrkß Williflm-T. • Hess
'Charles Hendry ' Otto 8. Erlebach
Everett G. Williams E. W. Williams
Frank Mordecat <- ■ Henry. Haf-selbach
IC. A. Gould / H. Sentstaken
George Hasselbach .' Henry J. Johnson
Charles M. Wood ■ ■■■ : Robert K. H. Lyons
J. it. Dalziel .•• Charles L. Long
•Joseph' A.: Fltzpatrick H. J. Wright
Edward L.' Gibson ■ Max Grover
H. L. Bacigalupl : - > H. G. W. Dinkelspiel
Henry A. Jacobs - > F. G. Drury
A. C. Cunningham' ' M. H. Shepard
W. G. - Morrison : J. F. Seyden
K. W. Gunther Dr. H. A. Andrews
C. F. Buttle V- L. Nonnemann
i Ed faaffe J. M. Morrissey
G. Braun P. Schnuetenhaus ;
W. D. Burke ■ Tlieo. Lundstedt
Theb Labhnrd R. H. Larsen
James A. Devoto Charles A. Boldemann
H. L. McKnow Dr. V. P. Buckley
I James Kltterman J. J. Crowley
Robert A. Rush Milton de Roos
W. H. McCarthy A. Fodera
T. E. Dunne H. M. Campe
C Mlcich M. Radulovich
Charles Drossell Henry Gantner
Col, H. J. Burns Col. A. Andrews
William Raublnger R. . D. Duke
J. W. - Desmond L. J. Wattson
Christ Taches •- Frank C. McCarthy
James J. Nelson ' James E. Reade,
i John Schroth Jr. John B. , Williams
! Robert Mulr -' ' James H. Donohde- ••
John G. King J. C. Bates Jr.
P. H. Kunßt M. Voge
Alfred O." Gross Paul Vlnclllona '
H. Sagehorn H. Lame , .
F. B. Granger Jr. F. Hell wig
H. Cresly . J. Clark .
A. Hupers A. Flndler
I. Hansen Daniel F. Murphy
I J. Young H. Crew
G. Fisher S. T. Anthony
E. i. Den>fea ,-~y H..^Bergman
V. Kennedy John P. Henry
•Frank Hoppe •- : L. D. Schoenfeld
J. E. Kelly - A. Tiedemann
Sol Jacobs * Sergeant H. I.uhrs
Albert F. Pflndler Jr. M. G. Perkins
J. M. Fogerty C. T. Rose i
M. Glass J. McElroy
H. Cushing ; G. H. Oakes
J. Geary Louis Hinz
J. B. Knowland M, J. O'Gara
G. M. J. Valenzolp B. R. Aubrey
Herman Kockler E. B. Sweeny
V. Jergensen L. H. Enemark
Henry Kuhls W. Blaisdell '
.H. L. Springer James McFarland „ .
•K. Matheson F. J. Driscoll • • ""'-•
John RUey D. W. Savior
R. F. Langs Leon Villier
J. Nylands H. M. Saunders "-"
A. Nelson  Jacob L. .Rapheld,. ,
Sergeant * Frederick . Claud .Lablt ; .. ■: ~.
Nelson H. G. Preston ' -;..
G. A.Berger Attilio Mnna.. _~
J. 8.. Backmore Albert W. Lehrke .'.
George F. Schwartz. H. L. Gunzberger > k "
M. Savannah A. W. Morgenstern v
1 Sylvan Davis William Collins ( ,-.
James C. Symon C. J. Edelman'. ' .I;a
. FIRST DIVISION. . ■■ ,:
' '■':' -K •".'•' '.United States Troops. '.. . "1
Detachment •. of 'Cavalry, : Lieutenant Parker
■ Commanding. ■ . • •
Two Batteries Heavy Artillery (dismounted).
•• ■ -.. Captain Pratt Commanding.-'
Battery Light Artillery-. • Captain CaHff • Com
■>:/•?■••■■ .-'..• " manding 1 . -. J .*. '•"•
Officers and crew U. S. S. lowa. . ,
Citizens' Executive Committee. •••>-••
: . ; SECOND DIVISION.- ' ,t
.- :.?■■'.; Native Sons' Section.
• First Artillery Band. .-•. .*■,'.
'. ■ - Section ' Marshal— James P. Dockery. .
-.'-., t Chief-' of Staff— H. I. Mulrt-eavy. " '.
-"- • > Chief Aid— Dr. > Theodore Rethers.
. . Aids to Section Marshal: • ' -
W. E. Connor, : :- Frank W. "MarstOn,
Henry Stern,- ■ ■ John E. McDougall,
Lester Smith, ; ' J. O'Gara,
Will -P. Johnson, ... _ . William Barton
Grand Officers Native Sons and Native Daugh
ters of the Golden West in carriages.
Officers ■ Joint ■ • Reception Committee Native
■ . Sons and Native Daughters in carriages. '
,- v Frank H. Mills. Chairman.' - •
• . Fabius T. Finch, Secretary. ■
• .. Richard P. Doolan, Treasurer. '' !
-Ladles of ■ the Executive ■ Committee Jln ; car
• riages. • .
. First Division.
'^. -.. Division Marshal— Henry E. Faure.- '
■■ Aids: •, ■
Charles E. Beard, . . W. D. Ilobro.
; : ; Pensacola Band. : : » ' ' ' :
California Parlor No.— L .
.';•:, Float. v. . '
California Argonauts No. 4. . ' ;
Pacific Parlor No. 10. ■ .....
Jt'i.. Golden Gate Parlor No. '29. .
Second Division. •
Division Marshal— L. B. Mayer.
Aids:
Dan Lowney, T. H. Casey.
Guerneville Band, H. L. Bagley, leader.
Mission Parlor No. 38.
San Francisco Parlor Drum Corps.
Ban Francisco Parlor No. 49.
El Dorado Parlor No. 52.
Rincon Drum Corps.
Rlncon Parlor No. "2.
Third Division.
Division Marshal— F. Barnett.
Aids:
D. W. Doody, B. Rathjen.
Alcatraz Parlor Band.
Alcatraz Parlor escort to Alameda County
Parlors.
Alameda Parlor No. 47.
Oakland Parlor No. 60.
Los Precltos Parlor No. 96.
Eden Parlor No. 113.
Piedmont Parlor No. 120.
I Wisteria Parlor No. 127.
Halcyon Parlor No. 149.
Brooklyn Parlor No. 151.
Washington Parlor No. 169.
Athena Parlor No. 195.
Fourth Division.
Division Marshal— G. H. Kilborn.
Aid— W. R. Milton.
Cellarius' Band.
Dewey Mascots, Grover Magnln, Captain,
Commanding; First Lieutenant, L. Kut
ner; special escort to Marin
County Parlors.
Sea Point Parlor No. 158.
Mount Tamalpals Parlor No. 167
Nicaslo Parlor No. 153.
Fifth Division.
Division Marshal — Fred Suhr.
Aid— J. J. Mlley.
Maglstra Band.
Stanford . Parlor No. 76.
Terba Buena Parlor No. 84.
Bay City Parlor No. 104.
Niantlc Parlor No. 106.
National Parlor No. 118.
Sixth Division.
Division Marshal— H. Kohn.
Aids:
C. B. Fehn, A. Rahwyler.
Hesperian tanfl.
Hesperian Parlor No. 137.
Columbian Parlor No. 121.
Alcalde Parlor No. 154.
South San Francisco Parlor No. 157.
Seventh Division. .■:',..-'
Fedora's Bear Float.
Division Marshal— Dr. E. F. Donnelly.
Aids:
.Thomas A. Lane, C. W. F. Smith.
Native Sons' Band, R. D. Barton, leader.
Sequoia Parlor No. 160. ■
Preclta Parlor No. 187.
Olympus Parlos No. 193.
Presidio Parlor No. 194.
Marshall Parlor No.. 202.
THIRD DIVISION.
Division Marshal— George S. Mlehllng.
Aids:
George H. Davis, Richard Ricker,
Fred Grannls, Terrence Smith.
Hamilton School Band. :
Float— "Eureka," represented by Miss Rosa ;
McClernon.
Boys of the Public Schools:
Horace Mann Grammar, Washington Grammar,
Lincoln Grammar, Franklin Grammar,
James Lick Grammar, Hamilton Grammar,
Crocker Grammar, Agassiz Primary. Haight
Primary, Pacific Heights Grammar, Grant
Primary, Harrison Primary, Edison Pri- i
mary.
■ ,"' Second Section
Clement Grammar, Hancock Grammar, Mis
sion Grammar, Adams Cosmopolitan, Hearst
Grammar.
FOURTH DIVISION.-
Firemen's Section.
First Division.
Division Marshal— Charles Klmball.
Aids:
George Fisher, E. T. Anthony.
Veteran Reserve Band.
Veteran Reserves of California, Captain King
Commanding.
Mayor arid Common Council of Oakland, and
County Officials and G. A. R. of
Alameda County.
Exempt Fire Company.
Engine.
Sons of Exempts.-
Marshal — Augustus Harders.
Aid— Winfield L. Smith.
Engines.
Ban Francisco Veteran Volunteers.
Second Division. ■
Division Marshal— Chris Dunker.
Aids.
James D. Powers, Martin Fennel!.
■ Veteran Volunteer Firemen's Band.
Veteran Volunteer Firemen's Association.
Engine.
Fresno Volunteer Fire Department.
Third Division.
Division Marshal- J. G. Jessup.
.-■-:. ~ Band.
Berkeley Fire Department.
,;.,'' James Kenney, Chief.
Berkeley Fire Commissioners in carriages.
Filipino Boy, Fabian Rosa, Standard Bearer.
North Berkeley, Pusen and Beacon Hose Com
panies.
Peralta, Lorln, Alert and Columbia Hose Com
. . panics.
Red Fire Wagon. . •
.
FIFTH DIVISION.
Division Marshal— Fred B. Swan.
Aids.
P. L. Bliss, A. L. Holder.
Market-street Railway Bane). . . .-.,
Improved Order of Red Men In costume,
mounted and on foot, members of . local
tribes in San Francisco and vicinity.
Daughters of Pocahontas in carriages.
Judge E. P. Mogamin carriage. •
Mrs. William Jacobs in carriage.
SIXTH DIVISION.
• . . Float.
Division Marshal— J. W. Staneart.
Aids. • *.' .
J. W. Halleck, ' -:< • J. H. Eteuart,' j
Dr. A. L. Hill, W. A. Kenny,
J. O. Hayes, A. H. Freund.
Samuels' Band.
Grand Officers Woodmen of the World and
Women of Woodcraft in carriages.
Members of. the craft -carrying -their imple
ments.
SEVENTH DIVISION.
Division Marshal— Will J. Beatty.
Aids.
A. J. Morrison, Colonel Alfred Perrier.
Bohemian Band.
Uniform Rank, Knights of Pythias; '
Special Detail of Knights.
Representatives of San Francisco Lodges.
EIGHTH DIVISION.
Division Marshal— Raddich.,
Aids.
C. Radovan,- ' ■ N. Sturlza,
 John Sambrailo. ■ ..-,•
:.;.::•■ , Austrian Military Band. • - .;X
Austrian Military Company, Captain A. Sa
badln Commanding.
Austrian Benevolent Association, President M
Perich. -.-.•-
Columbia Park Boys' Club, Military Division, j
C. R. Alberger, Captain, Commanding; Sid
ney Peixotto, Adjutant.
'. -. ■■■:■ .-. , Drum and Bugle Corps.
Company A, Lieutenant James Rogers.
Company B, Lieutenant. Thomas McKay. '
Company C, Lieutenant' Milton Blrnbaum.
Company D. Lieutenant Louis Holm.
Carriages containing Mr. and Mrs. Charles S.
, Wheoler, Miss Wise of New York and Miss
Harris of Washington. D. C. . - :
Carriage containing Misses Magner and Mrs '
Masters, Mrs. Menkon and Sadie Mas
ters. . - . •
Carriage containing Grand Officers Knights and
. Ladles of Honor.
NINTH DIVISION.
Division Marshal— J. J. Duddy.
Aids. .
John I. 1 Richards. Chester W. Keogh.
• • Independence Band.
Grand Officers and Grand Council Pacific Jur
isdiction^ Young' Men's Institute. -v
Grand Officers Young Ladies' Institute in
carriages.
Member* ■loOCiCya**ol»'R»rer»*>o<fc»«&*o -
Marshal— E. .T. Albrefzenski. :
Aids. , _ 
Joseph Guntz Frank Regli.
St. Paulus German Roman Catholic Society.
f TENTH DIVISION. ■ • ■'.
! Float. . :■ ■' i,
Division Marshal— J. L. Herget.
Aids:
John T. -.Sullivan, C. L. Wagner.
Columbia Military Band. ,
Independent Rifles Drum Corps.
Marshal— John Schleemann.
Aids: * ■ l ;
H..Wehr, ; : Joe Schlichtmann.; ■
Independent Rifles, Captain L. Schneider com
manding, v • ' < ■
San Francisco Aerie No. 5, Fraternal Order of
■■'-■- - Eagles
" ELEVEN* DIVISION. .
Division Marshal— Oscar Boldermann.
Aids:
J. J. Collins, Joseph E. Handmann.
• Fraternity Band..
Simpson Guards, Roy Hudson commanding;
special escort to CommerclaF Travelers' Asso
ciation. ' - . - • ' •■•'.»*• "
Knights of the Maccabees.
■ Ladies of the Maccabees in Carriages.
Knights of the Maccabees from San Francisco,
- : - Oakland and Alameda.
"tVe'£fth division.
Float. . .
Division Marshal— M. Merigan.
Aids:
E. E. David, J. A. Brown.
Golden Gate Military Band.
■ Knights of (Sherwood Forest. ;
Grand Circle, " Companions of the Forest, in
Carriages.
Members of the Ancient Order of Foresters
from San Francisco and Vicinity.
THIRTEENTH DIVISION. •
Irish Section.
Section Marshal— Colonel J. C. O'Connor. Chief
of StaTf — John S. .Bannerman.
.. [J Aids:
Jeremiah Sheehy, John Murphy, ,'
David Russell/ - • ■ Thomas Desmond,
James Cunniffe, "William Mulverhlll.
P. F. McCarthy, ' Daniel Callaghan,
Richard Corbett, J. ■F. Renault,
P. J. Meehan, Dr. C. S. McCarthy,
M. C. McDonald, John D. Sullivan.
•:•*;■• Hibernian Division.
Division Marshal— P. J. McCormlck.
Aids:
John P. Henry, N. Morrisey
D Fitzpatrlck, J. W. Shinkwin,
D. Sheerin, P. Kilkenny,
J. P. Dignan, John J. Donohue,
Thos R. Bannerman, R. S. Shepston,
Thomas Scary, T. L Clancy,
John J. Meehan, Captain M. J. Wrln,
J. J Ryan, .■ T. .T. Norton,
Edward Murphy, John F. McCormlck, -
John Kenny. John P. O'Connell, .
John F. Gately. John J. Flanagan.
P. J. Kelleher'.-
Roseville Band.
Ancient Order of Hibernians, Divisions No. 1
to No. 20.
Oakland • and Alameda Divisions.
Reverend Clergy in Carriages.
Ladies' Auxiliary in Carriages.
Celtic Division.
Division Marshal— Captain M. Casey. '
Aids:
John D. Condon, . . ■.- Peter Tamony.
Henke's Band.
K. R. B. Rifles, special escort: Joseph Mellett,
Captain Commanding.
Former Members of Third Infantry. N. G. C,
Colonel Thomas F. Barry Commanding. '.
-■'■ Celtic Union.
Knights of St. Patrick..
Knights of . Red Branch.
Knights of Tara.
St. Patrick's Mutual Alliance of California.
County Monaghan Club. "• .
County Leltrlm Club.
Tyrone, Fermanagh and Donegal Club.
Gaelic Literary Society.
FOURTEENTH DIVISION.
Division Marshal— John O'Keefe.
Aids:
Ben Davis, Joseph M. Lyons.
. Miss Cora Davis, Drum Major.
Fifth Infantry Band.
! Journeymen Butchers" Association of San
Francisco.
Journeymen Butchers' Association of Oakland.
Journeymen Butchers' Association of San
Mateo.
FIFTEENTH DIVISION.
Float.
Division Marshal— Sylvester Shaben.
Aids:
Cornelius Peterson, J. W. Gleadell.
I Levy, Dr. L. D. Baclgalupi,
Patrick McGushin, Charles Lindermann.
John Foppiano, O. J. Day.
Foresters.' Band.
Executive Council . Foresters of America and
Companions of the Forest, in Carriages.
Foresters of America.
Companions of the Forest.
Friends of the Forest.
SIXTEENTH DIVISION.
German Section.
Section Marshal— Lankenau.
Chief of Staff— W. Remensperger.
Chief Aid-George A. Schultz.
Aids: .-"
W. Beckmann, H. Stelllng,
i D ' Tempke, Charles Oldag.
First Division. ■
Division Marshal— Franz Jacoby. . .
■: --.-,••■• Aids:
Alfred Furth, ' " F. Thferbach.
1 Second Regiment Band, Charles Ackerman,
Leader.
1 San Francisco Schuetzen Verein, John Thode,
Captain Commanding.
San Francisco Turn Verein Drum Corps.
i Schuetzen Section San Francisco Turn Verein.
i ' Members of the San Francisco Turn Verein.
California Schuetzen Club in Carriages.
Second Division.
San Francisco Kreiger Verein Drum Corps.
Division Marshal— George Braun.
Aids:
• P Schnutenhaus, . ' Jacob Noll.
"Llppman's Military Band.
' San Francisco Krelger Verein, Schuetzen Sec
tion A Franke. Captain Commanding.
' Members of the Kreiger Verein, President A.
Redecke.
Grand Officers and Members of Independent
Order of Red Men.
Third • Division.
Division Marshal— J. M. Koll3ter.
Aids:
• Henry Koerner. . Theodore Lutge, .
: H Sturcke, A J- H. Munster.
GetchPll'.s Band.
Schuetzen Section, Independent Order of Red
I Men.
, Red Men. H. Grieb. Captain Commanding
■ Germania Club.
■'•_•■. Hannoveraner Verein.
Schleswig-Holstein Verein.
SEVENTEENTH DIVISION.
Float!
Division Marshal— William McCrackeo.
Chief Aid— Barney La Costa.
Aids:
C Longutt H. Bailey Thomas Ford
Johnson & Gunman's Band.
Riggers' and Stevedores union.
Iron Molders' Union No. 164.
El Capitan Division Order of Railway Con
| ductors.
Cooks' and Waiters' Union No. U.
EIGHTEENTH DIVISION.
Float.
Division Marshal— M. Svane.
Aids: , . '
! N. R. Smith £• Larsen
Alameda Band.
; Society Danla and Combined Danish Societies.
NINETEENTH DIVISION.
Division Marshal— L. S. Churlch.
Aids— P. Papovich, V. Mllicich.
Band.
' ' Servian-Montenegrin Society.
Slavonic Illyric Society In Carriages.
Boys' Brigade Drum Corp*.
Second San Francisco and Alameda Companies
Boys' Brigade, Captain F. B. Worley.com-
A'rmre'nUces from British Ships in Harbor.
Members of Pickwick Lodge, Sons of St.
George, in Carriages. - . :..". ...
Daughters . of . St. George in Carriages.
Golden Gate Council, National Union.
TWENTIETH DIVISION.
Division Marshal— L. Bretchge.
Aids:
C. H. Mueller. C. Mazenauef
,-;.■•■-. Smith's Band.
Reali Italian;! Carabiniri.
San Francisco Grutll Verein.
Golden Eagle Drum Corps.
Unasslgned Organizations.
' '. TWENTY-FIRST DIVISION. :.■<....
Division Marsha!— T. Colmesntl. Company
F, First California Volunteers.
Aids:
Edward W. Wright Charles J. Dutreaux
R. H. Kelly- ■ George. G. Rodgers
Frank Halstead George C. King
H. Brunlng ■■' Edward T. Thomas
Robert Durst
•:'£ •-■'-■".:;;' '■'■'-■. . ..Renholz' Band.
Signal Corps. N. .G. . C. Captain Charles L.
Hewes, Commanding.
Special Escort. ■
Veteran Soldiers and Sailors of the Spanisn
,.;.'.. . American War.
 TWENTY-SECOND DIVISION.
■ • Division Marshal— Col. W. R. Parnell.
.... . . ..Aids:
Col. H P. Bush, N. Charles L. Herman,
. G C ' ■• G. A. R.
Major Charles Jansen. H. -T. F. Mcl
N G. c Oliver Dibble
A. J Vining, G. A. R. John Hoffman
I). S. .Painter ;• ■
Hebrew Orphan Asylum Band.
. Veterans of Mexican War in Carriages.
Drum Corps. /:'»";:•,;'
Veteran Guard of California, G. A. R.. Joseph
Knowlton Jr.', Captain Commanding. .
Farragut Association Naval Veterans, J. J.
Tiliini, Captain Commanding.
■"" . Teutonia Band.
1 His Excellency,' Henry T. Gage, Governor of
the' State of California, and Staff. ». •
Brigadier General R. H. - Warfleld, Second
■'Brigade. N. G. C. and Staff. .
FIRST REGIMENT OF INFANTRY. CALI
FORNIA VOLUNTEERS. Colonel Vie- . ';.
tor D Duboce Commanding. -
CALIFORNIA HEAVY ARTILLERY— Battery
A, Captain Dennis Geary;' Battery. D,
' . ' Captain Henry Bteere.
Tlie First Regiment Infantry. California
Volunteers. will be flanked by the members of
the following poets of the Grand Army of the
Republic: • Lincoln. James A. Garfleld.- Colonel'
Cats,- General George «.*. Meade and Liberty. : v ; .
The batteries of the California Heavy Ami- .
lpry will be flanked by the delegation Of CiU- :
i xens from Los Angeles.
1112
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Very little business yesterday.
luce Exchange held only one short call.
Beans and Seeds nominal.
tes and Onions in ample supply and unchanged.
Butter, Eggs and Cheese continue firm.
Hens and Turkeys firm. Other Poultry weak.
\ers eager for Bartlett Pears.
■ in Pried Fruit.
■ :.< quiet at the old prices.
Merchandise quotations stand the same.
ipment of $827,720 2$ to China.
Linseed Oil advanced.
Charters.
The F. S. Redfield loads lumber at Tacoma
for Honolulu.
Yesterday a Dull Holiday.
Yesterday was practicn'.ly observed as a
holiday, and very little business was done in
the city. Quotations for almost everything re- j
main .unchanged.
Treasure Shipment.
The China took out a treasure list of J527.
--720 25 consisting of {139.153 in Mexican dollars.
5404.210 in gold coin. $SO,OOO in dollars. $234,000
in silver bullion and ?3?.7 25 in Hawaiian silver.
Weather Report.
(110 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Aug. 25. 5 p. in.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka 62 San Diego 70
Fresno ?<! Sacramento ;4
Los Ang-les 76 Independence SS
Rp.l Bluff 02 Yuma 104
San Luis Obispo •••■ '-,
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
64: minimum, 12: moan. '•
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
RECAST.
The weather i? cloudy over Washington and
Oregon and clear in the lining portions of
the Pacific Slope. Light rain has fallen along
the Washington coast and in Northwestern Ore-
The pressure has rls^n over Eastern Wash
ington and Eastern Oregon and fallen in the
remaining districts.
The temperature has fallen over eastern por
tions of Wa^hinston and Oregon, and remained
stationary elsewhere west of the Rocky Moun
tains.
Conditions are favorable for fair weather in
California Saturday, with fresh westerly winds
on the coast.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight August 26:
Northern California— Fair Saturday; fresh
westerly winds.
Southern California— Saturday; fresh
west wind.
Nevada— Fair Saturday.
Utah— Fair Saturday.
Arizona— Fair Saturday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Saturday;
fresh west wind.
G. H. WILLSON. Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS,
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 25.— There was a marked
decline In activity in the stock market to-day,
total sales falling to less than 0,000 shares.
Very little evidence was left of the recent up
ward tendency of securities. The spots of
strength were few and far between, and for the
most part -.-ure and usually inactive
stocks, which moved under the influence of
special causes. Depression from foreign stock !
markets, which was rejected here, and Increas
ing anxiety over to-morrow's bank statement I
were the impelling causes of the
heaviness. Financial centers In Europe
obviously labor under renewed uneasi
ness over the situation in the Trans- '
vaal. There was in addition the pros
pect of a holiday to-morrow on the London Ex- \
change tn discourage new commitments there. I
The buying in New York from thai source was |
discontinued entirely, and sales for London !
account were sufficient to exercise a notably
depressing influence. There was an opening
Kpurt In American Tobacco, which carried It i
un 1U per cent, but this was almost imme
diately lost. The laities were weak for :
the rest of the day. Sugar being under severe
pressure nt times. Its extreme decline was ■
S 1 .* and its net loss only a point less. Brook
lyn Transit and Manhattan succumbed to the
prevailing weakness. There was a notable buy
ing movement in l.'nion Pacific preferred based
on suggestions of a good increase In dividends,
which carried the price about 80. Consoli- !
dated Gas, following yesterday's dividend re
duction and a Feml-official intimation that even
the reduced dividend was not earned, climbed
up an extreme 9% on the urgent demand from
the short interests. Brooklyn Union Gas gained
6*4- There was continued strength In a group
of minor grangers, St. Paul and Duluth lead
ing with a rise of 7 points. Rio Grande and
"Western preferred and Oregon Navigation were
other points of strength. Liquidation was not
urgent In the general list, the market falling
Into Intense dullness with the declining tend
ency. The known movements of money for the
week indicate a loss In cash to the ranks of
nearly 53.500.000, $2,297,000 of which went to the i
sub-treasury. None of the gold which went re
cently to Montreal ha.s been returned and no
gold has come fro.m the sub-treasury on ac
count of drafts from the San Francisco Mint.
Without regard, therefore, to the possible hid
den drain of cash, a sharp decline In surplus
reserves is probable unless the contraction in I
Joans has been much larger than appeared.
The late decline In the money rate to 2 per
cent had little significance. ■ The rate was !
quite firm during the day, about 3 per cent. :
Contrary to recent experience, sterling ex
chance failed to weaken in response to the I
firmness of money here, but hardened a frac
tion under the influence of London sales of
securities in New York.
Dealings In bonds were mostly In the specu- :
lative Issues, wijh improved prices. Total sales, ;
jar value, t2.37J.GC0. United States new fours i
declined in the bid I rice.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
•Sold. Stocks— Bid.
5.000 Atchison 23
TIX/i Atchisr.n prefd 66%
• 2,<Xl Baltimore & Ohio 56
Canadian Pacific 97
Canada Southern F>4'i
2.000 Central Pacific sS>,j,
I'J.IOS Chesapeake & Ohio 2:>Vi
2.200 Chicago Great Western 15%
3,'t.V) Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 136%
Chicago Ind <t St I>suis.vC 10
• 100 .Chicago Ind &St Louis prefd 41
1.2.V1 Chicago & East Illinois -v .
400 Chicago- & Northwestern 163
E,2.V< Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 119%
625 C C C & St i/ouis 57%
200 Colorado Southern •. 5%
4'K> Colorado Southern Ist prefd 47' 2
■ Colorado Southern 2d prefd itu
2.700 Delaware <t Hudson 124 V,
Delaware Lackawanria & Western. .l 74%
1.400 Denver & Rio Grande 23%
6,000 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 78%
K.rje 14
Erie Ist prefd 3854
....... Great Northern prefd 166
100 li- king Coal is%
520 Hocking Valley 29<4
100 Illinois Central 115%
2,17.", lowa Central 15
1,495 lows Central prefil GO'4.
100 Kansas' City Pituburg & Gulf n
Lake Erie & Western 21V;
600 Lake Erie & "Western prefd SO%
Lake Shore 201V4
S.S?S Louisville & Nashville gj^
4,050 Manhattan L 112%
. 1,623 Metropolitan Street Railway 205%
HZO Mexican Centrul '. 15%
1,0 i Minn & St Louis 77
225 Minn & St Louis prefd 87
7.033 Missouri Pacific 50',;
I.2<V) Mobile & Ohio '. 46%
5,450 Missouri Kansas & Texas n%
15,850 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 42Vi
612 New Jersey Central 118%
' 1.900 New York Central MSH
5,440 Norfolk & Western 26%
■ 1.40 Norfolk & Western prefd 72%
&.Wi Northern Pacific 56%
3.4.W Northern Pacific -prefd 77 7
X.C2D Ontario A Western 27H '
1,2 V. Oregon Railway & Nay 47 l 4
775 firfgon Rullway & Nay prefd 77
1.245 Pennsylvania 13">%
1,400 ft end I riff 224
M.ISO P."»'l!ng Ist prefd 12%
;,200 Reading 2<l 1 refd 34 %
100 Bio Ori.nde Western....' 3.">
f-00 Xlo Grande ' ■ tern prefd SO
1,420 Hi la>\i\k & Kan Fran -11%
Xt i- lUII ft Kan Fran Ist prefd 71%
100 fit J/vulm & Wan Fran Id prefd 37%
1.7) Ft Ty.ulfi HMithwestern 17
000 fit Loots Southwestern prefd 38
8,110 Ft Paul 133"6
fit P,a<Jl prefd ::..•....;. .;....174'4
190 St I'a.ul U. Omaha :...v.'.. .:.... .111*4
17,350 Southern Pacific 39
19.750 Southern Railway 12%
S.OnO Southern Railway prefd 53 7
1.900 Texas & Pacific : 21*«
20.3*50 Union Pacific 47%
41.535 Union Pacific prefd 79 4
300 Wabash 7 T -i
I.POO Wabash prefd..:' 23- v 8
: 1.360 Wheeling & L E 11
224 Wheeling & L E 2d prefd 2*
i 1,495 Wisconsin Central IS
| P C C & St L 77%
Express Companies
Adams 113
300 American 142
United States 50
I Wells Fargo 130
Miscellaneous —
1,010 American Cotton Oil 44
200 American Cotton Oil prefd 94
203 American Malting V*\
100 American* Malting prefd 67
fiTO American Smelting & Ref 43
700 American Smelting & Ref prefd.... 91' i
400 American Spirits 5 7 i
American Spirits prefd 2S
500 American Steel Hoop 38
1,450 American Steel Hoop prefd . 83%
2,600 American Steel & Wire 56%
400 American Steel & Wire prefd OS
4,060 American Tin Plate 43
200 American Tin Plate prefd 90%
! 22.4W American Tobacco 128%
; American Tobacco prefd 144
1.4"0 Anaconda Mining Co 57
: 24,680 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 103%
4"i) Colorado Fuel & Iron 61*4
5.030 Continental Tobacco 48%
I 3.075 Continental Tobacco prefd 9S'i
I 2,000 Federal Steel .'-•.,
650 Federal Steel prefd SI 1 ;
S.OOO General Electric 123' 3
350 Glucose Sugar 84%
■ Glucose Sugar prefd.: 106
730 International Paper 3S
; International Paper prefd 77%
330 La lede Gas 59
100 National : iscuit 47 1 i
National Biscuit prefd 9fi s t
100 National Lead 32
National L«ad refd 11l
1,200 National Steel 55
National Steel prefd 97%
400 New York Air Brake IS
400 North American 12%
'• 1,400 Pacific Coast 44%
i Pacific Coast Ist prefd 85
| Pacific Coast 2d prefd 63
720 Pacific Mail 47
5,060 People's Gas 119%
1.950 Pressed Steel Car 60
430 Pressed Steel Car prefd '. 89
Pullman Palace Car 157%
200 Standard Rope & Twine -8%
30,480 Sugar U2\
Sugar prefd 119 j
6,000 Tennessee Coal & Iron 95
4.P'io United States Leather 10%
2,950 United States Leather prefd 76
125 United States Rubber 49% j
United States Rubber prefd 115
352 Western Union >;•■; I
404,558 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s res 100% M X & T 2<is 70
Do 3s reg 108% Do 4s 94%
Do 3s coup 108% N V C lsts 111*1
Do new 4s reg — 130 NJ C gen 5s 120%
Do new 4s c0up. .130 N Car 6s 128
Do old 4s reg: 112% Do 4s 104
Do old 4s c0up.. .113 iN Pac lsts 113
Do 5s reg 1114. Do 3s 67%
Do bs coup 111% Do i* 103U
' Dist of Col 3.655.. .117 N V C & St L 45. .103 " j
i Ala class A 109 JN &»V con 4a , 96 4 i
Do class B 109 j Do gen 6s 135
Do class C 103 Or Nay lsts 112% I
Do Currency 100 j Do 4s 102$ |
A ten Ken 4s 102% Or Short Line 65. .129 j
Do adj 4s 87% Do con 5s IHVi
Can So 2ds 11l Reading gen 4s SS%
: Ches & Ohio 4%5... 97*4 R G W lsts 98
Do 5s 119% St L & I M con 55..U4%
• Chi & N con 7s 144 St L& X F gen 6s. 124%
Do S F deb -.122 St Paul cons 170
. Chi Term 4? 99 St P C & P 15t5.. .121% :
D .v R G lsts 103141 Do bs 122
Do 4s 101% So Railway 55.. . 109%
ETV & G lsts... 103 ; Stand R & T 6.«... <■:. I
Erie gen 4s 72*-;, T<-nn new set 35... 97
FW& D lsts... 79 Tex & Pac 15t5....H5%
Gen Elec 5s 118% Do 2ds £8%
II &3A 6s 108 V Pacific 4a 10:.%
Do Ids 108 Wabash lsts .... 110
H & T C6s 110 ! Dr. 2<ls 101
: Do con 6s 110 1 West Shore 4s 114%
lowa Cen Ists 118 iWis Cen lsts 78
X C V & G l«ts... 72% Va Centuries 55%
I.i new con 4s; 106 Do deferred 5 :
L& S uni 4s 100 C&S 4s 87
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 25 Ontario 7.75
Crown Point 20 Ophlr 1 00
Con ■1 & Va 1 fir, Plymouth 9 '
Dead wood 66 Quicksilver 2 00
Gould & Curry 35 i Do preferred 800 I
Hale & Norcross.. 27 Sierra Nevada 63
Homestake 65 00 Standard 2 60 I
I Iron Sliver..: 50 Union Con 18
i Mexitan 45 Yellow Jacket 25
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Westinghs Elec 50!,;
■ Call loans MM Do prefd 68
Time loans .3@o Bonds —
Stocks— lAtchlson 4s. 100
AM, T & St F.... 23 Mining Shares—
Do prefd 66 i Adventure 9%
Ainer Sugar 152% Allouez Mm C 0.... 6%
Do prefd 120 [Atlantic 27%
1 Bell Tele 846% Boston & Mont 355
Boston & Albany. .27o ;Butte & 805t0n.... 77
Boston Ele 19% Calumet & Hecla..S3o
Boston & Maine. ..2o3 Centennial 35%
Chi P. & Q 136% Franklin 20 "
Fitchburg prefd. ..llS Humboldt 2%
Mcx Central 15 Osceola' 89%
Mich Tele 100 Parrot 53
Old Colony 206 Quincy 158
i Old Dominion 35 St Fe Copper 16
Union Pacific 47 Tamarack ... 225
Union Land 7% Wlnona 11%
West End 95 Wolverines 46%
Do prefd 113 Utah 43%
Wis Central 18 i
London Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 25.— Commercial Ad
vertiser's I^ondon financial cablegram says:
The markets here were rather reactionary to*.
day owing to idleness before the holiday and
! the impending settlement. Americans were
very nulot and receded until the afternoon,
then hardened on New York buying. Union
Pacific preferred and Missouri Pacific were
wanted here. Spanish fours were 58%; Tlntos,
14%; Anacondas, 11 13-16. .>;.'-
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific, 99*;; Northern Pacific pre
ferred, 80%; Union Pacific preferred. 81%;
Atchison, 24; Anaconda, 11%; Grand Tru-ik,
8%. Bar silver, dull, 29% d per ounce. Money,
1%®1% per cent.
Bradstrect's Financial Review.
NEW YORK, 'Auk. 2B.— Rradstreefs flnanrial
review will to-morrow say: Although still re
strlrted as to the rharactei of speculation
there were some indlcallOßS that public Inter
est in the stock market is growing. Thp tone
| this week has> also on the whole been a strong
! one and the markpt resisted not only its tend
i ency to . drift hack from time to time into
dullness, but the more dangerous influence of
I a decided break in the most active and popu
■ lar of the traction stocks. Brooklyn Transit.
i That incident temporarily interrupted the up
ward progress of prices, thnugh It was resumed
with an approach to the Fame vigor arter the
I selling movement In the traction sh;trt-s had
] exhausted Its force and had been checked by
. renewed inside support in Brooklyn Transit.
I At the same time on Friday the disposition
wa« to await to-day'? bank utatement anl the
market became dull. With mere or less Irregu
larity. As was the case during the preceding
Week the principal bullish manifestations were
lln the low or medium priced stocks. A nura
; ber of these were again th» objects of efficient
j pool manipulation, which attracted both pro-
I fessional and public buying support. There
i were, however, indications of interest in some
of the higher-priced dividend payers upon the
suggestions that the present remarkable earn
ings of certain properties might Justify lar^e
divisions of profits among the shareholders
There were, however. no remarkable tnove
| ments in this portion of the share list, ami
apart from the rises of Tobacco stocks. Leather
Cotton Oil and Tennessee Coal the industrials
were neglected, the only other exceptions being
a decline in American Steel and Wire. London
was at first indifferent to our stocks or be
trayed its preoccupation with the state of its j
THE SAN FRAIsCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 26. 1599.
own money market and the danger, financial
and speculative, connected with the possibility
;of war In South Africa. In the latter portion
: of the week a fairly good weekly return by the
' Bank of England and an easing of discount
I rates in London caused the stock market there
;to strengthen materially, Americans taking
a leading part In the movement. This was
attributed partly to manipulation from this
1 side, but more particularly to appreciation on
the part of the British speculative Interests
• of the effect of the favorable crop and busi
• ■ -■• conditions and continued increase in earn
ings In the position of many American rail
road properties, particularly those whose se
curities are Belling at moderate figures. The
crop outlook, as well as the activity of trade
!■..! industry, continues to. give confidence to
the bullish speculators, while the relatively
easier condition of the money market tends
tw diminish the apprehension displayed for
| some weeks back in that connection.
■■* — : »
1 1
Bradstreet's on Trade.
j $ . $>
NEW YORK. Aug. 25.— Bradstreefs to-mor
row will say: Strength in prices and steadiness
of demand are still the salient features of the
trade situation. Iron, steel and other metals,
! most of the cereals, leather and cotton goods,
' manifest upward tendencies as to prices. Other
staples, with the exception of sugar and anthra
j cite coal, retain all their old firmness. Fall
demand is expanding at most markets, par
| ticularly good reports being received from the
: Northwest and the section of the corn-grow-
I ing country which this year seems likely to be
notable for surplus production. Aggressive
' strength and firmness is noted In iron and
steel, particularly at central Western markets.
Consideration of next year's needs now seems
to be the most prominent feature of the trade,
as) ie from complaints of slow deliveries on
near-by orders. Foremost in • advancing is
structural material, which has moved up $5 per
ton, closely followed by steel billets with an
! advance of $3 and steel rails and nearly all
! grades of pic iron, with smaller relative gains.
Other metals show sympathetic strength,
! notable in this respect being tin and lead.
Wheat has been quite firm all the week, partly
owing to a whittling down of Northwestern
estimates, but also due to steady demand for
! the cash article alike on foreign and domestic
account. A sudden cut in prices of refined
; sugar has led to the impression that the sugar
■ war will be reopened in all its fierceness. Ad
' ditionally strong features in the general trade
situation are the active demand for lumber at
I mout markets at steady prices and the firmness
, in the higher grades of wool, notwithstanding
less active buying. A supporting feature in
' this latter case, however, is the active demand
I reported alike for men's and women's wear
j woe! goods. Conditions of supply and demand
I seem to be at the bottom of the recent rise in
J beef prices. This advance has attracted in
] creased receipts of grass-fed cattle, and some
: shading i.f quotations is noted, but Chicago
j prices have only been equaled five times in
twenty-two years. There were nearly 10.000,000 j
less beef cattle in the country than there were
seven years ago. and in fact, there are fewer i
cattle In the country now than In any year
I r:nce ICS2.1 C S2. Reflection of the smaller supply of
: hides i- i of the active demand for boots and
j shoes is found in higher quotations for hemlock
I s..le leather at some markets. One Of the least
satisfactorily situated trades is that of anthra- :
cite coal, in which production appears to have
outstripped consumption again, and there is
complaint of price cutting. \
Wheat, including flour, shipments for the ,
| week aggregate ?.::■;:'.. bushels, against 4,040.- -
j nOO last week, 3,563.476 bushels in the correspond
i ing week of 1898, 5,164.653 bushels In 1897, 3.281,- '
5. )4 bushels in 1896 and 1,871,928 bushels in 1893.
! Since July 1 this season the exports of wheat i
aggregate 29, 505, 53 bushels, against 26,006,552 ,
bushel? last year and 26,582,999 bushels in i
1597-IS9B.
Business failures in th» United States for the
; week number 175, as against 172 last week and
I this week a year ago, 210 in 1597, 330 in 1896 and
I 190 in 1895.
Business failures in the Dominion of Canada I
I for the week number 23. as compared with 20 I
last week, 27 this week a year ago, 39 in 1897 '
j 31 in 1896 and 42 In 1895. i
I 4> — — -* i
Dun's Review of Trade.
* — »
NEW YORK. Aug. 23.— R. G. Pun & Co.'s
! weekly review of trade to-iiinrrow will say:
Nothing Is more eloquent than the facts. Ac
tual payments through the principal clearing
houses were 23 per cent larger than last year
and 56.2 per cent larger than in the same week
In 1552. For the month thus far the dally aver
age of payments is 26.3 per cent larger than
last year and 56 per cent larger. than in 1892.
Tonnage from Chicago in three weeks has been
SO per cent larger than last >ear and 74. per
cent larger than in 1892. It will not be sug
gested by anybody that such an astonishing
Increase over the most prosperous of all past
years except the last was exaggerated. Most
people really regarded last year's expansion
as something like a freak. Wor Is the differ
ence in amount of payments mainly due to
rise In prices, for prices of several kindred
articles actually range lower on the whole than
in August, 1592.
It is a consumers' business also. Perhaps
never before have demands fcr actual use con
trolled business and prices with so little spec
ulation to anticipate higher markets. In fact,
the rise in most articles has gone further than
speculative opinions warrant. Practically all
industries are some months b^iind the require
ments for actual use, and in —any much of
the output next year is already sold.
Iron works which supply Pittsburg are sold
up far Into 1900 and can do nothing, though
prices much beyond what they received are
paid by those who must have Iron this year.
, The enormous demand for luore railroads and
more rails and cars, more vessels, warehouses
and buildings to handle the extraordinary busi
ness in progress cannot be met as quickly as
men would like and work of all sorts is de
layed, from the biggest war vessel to the
smallest factory.
Western receipts of wheat no longer keep
up with the extraordinary movement a year
ago. falling 1,800,000 bushels behind for the
week, but in four weeks have been 15,367,414
bushels, against 14,354,621 last year. Atlantic
exports were slightly larger than last year,
and In four weeks 11,421,322 bushels, (lour in
cluded, against 11.737.255 last year, while Pa
cific exports have been 332.024 bushels for the
week and in four weeks 1,683,353, against 1.531,
--!'f.4 last year.
Failures for the week have been 163 in the
United States, against 179 last year, and 16
in Canada, against 26 last year.
<^_ ,>
New York Grain and Produce.
4 , . $.
NEW YORK. Aug. 25.— FLOUR— Receipts,
18,230; exports. 3945; sales, 5000. Dull and fea
tureless, with buyers and sellers fully 10c to 100
apart.
WHEAT— Receipts, 72,150; exports, 8970; sales,
1,875,000 futures, 248,000 spot. Spot, easy; No. 2
red. 77% c, f. o. b. afloat spot; No. 1 Northern
Duluth, 81c. f. 0. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 75% c, ele
; vator; No. 1 hard Duluth, 84% c, spot, Options
opened steady on cables, but soon developed
weakness that lasted all day. Moderate liquid-
I ation, better Northwest weather news, heavi
ness at St. Louis and severe hammering by lo
cal bears acted as prominent Influences of de
pression. Closed weak, l A'<i%c decline. May.
81 l.'j-lfi'fi^ec, closed 82c; September, 76 1-16@
■ 76% i . closed 76',ic; December, 76@79 11-16 c,
closed 79% c ..
HOPS— Quiet.
HlDES— Quiet and steady.
WOOL— Quiet. *
METALS— The price of spelter exhibited little
i or no recuperative energy to-day, while on the
other hand iron and copper held firm. Tin on
spot was strong, but future delivery metal
ruled quiet and easy. At the close the Metal
Exchange called:
PIG IRON— Warrants unchanged, with $15 50
bid and $16 asked.
LAKE COPPER— at $18 50.
TlN— Firm for spot; futures easy, with $31 50
bid and 531 7.", asked.
LEAD— Unchanged, »4 60 bid and $4 62%
asked.
SPELTER— Easy at $5 40. .
The brokers' price for lead is $4 35 and copper
$1S v. Casting copper 17c.
COFFEE— Closed unchanged to 5 points high
er. Sales, 21,750 bags Including September. $4 3. >;
November, $4 50; December, $4 80; March, $.".
Spot Coffee— Rio dull and easier; No. 7 invoice,
5%c: No. 7 jobbing, 6%c; mild, steady but dull.
SUGAR — Raw, quiet but steady; fair refin
ing. 3 15-lCc; centrifugal. 96 test. 4%c; molasses,
3 13 !•'■■ refined, quiet and steady.
BUTTER— Receipts, 4449 packages; steady;
Western creamery, 17O21C; factory, 12>£@15c.
EGOS— Receipts, 7302 packages; steady;
Western ungraded at mark, 12©15 c.
Ad N V Grain and produce
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. Aug. 25.— California dried
fruits, steady, quiet.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 714 c;
prime wire tray, SVi@SHc; choice, B%<g-9c;
fancy. 9(?9%c.
PRUNES— per pound, according to
size and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, 14c; Moorpark; ll@l6c.
' PEACHES— Unpeeled, S@ll%c.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Aug. Offerings of cattle were
very moderate to-day. Demand fair and of
ferings were disposed of at yesterday's rul
ing prices. Good to choice cattle sold at {S 60
416 65; commoner- grades at $3 90@5 55; stock
.ers and feeders brought ?3 3»<gs; bulls, cows
and heifers, $2@5 25; Texas steers, $3 30®4 20, ■
and calves, $4-57 25.
Prices of hogs were steady for good droves,
and weak to 5 cents lower for heavy packers.
Heavy hogs sold at $45~4 75: mixed lots, $4 SS
<54 SO, and light $4 6004 90; pigs sold at $4 40
@4 85. and culls at $2 25@4. ■ ,
Sheep were- active and firm, while lambs
were steady. Receipts were light and offerings
were easily disposed of. Sheep sold at $2^3
for inferior up to $4 20©4 50 for good to choice
native wethers. Western range sheep sold at
$3 50<g4 15; lambs sold at $3 50"@6. • • '
•Receipts-Cattle, 1000; hogs, 17,000; sheep,
6000.
<». _! — &
Bank Clearings.
<s— . ! '. — «>
NEW YORK, Aug. 25.— following table,
compiled by. Bradstreet. shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended
August 24, with the percentage of increase and
decrease, as compared with the corresponding
week last year:
Percentage
Cities— Inc. Dec.
New York $531,673,136 23.6
Boston 112,803,212 25.0 ....
Chicago 102.167,466 12.9 ....
Philadelphia 83,195 235 25.7 ....
St. Louis 28,864,600 25.2 ....
Pittsburg .. 23 434.492 26.5 ....
Baltimore 18,792,496 28.6 ....
San Francisco 16,203.074 22. S
Cincinnati 11,779,150 13.5 ....
Kansas City 13,918.854 25.2 '• ....
New Orleans 5,025. ....
Minneapolis 5,753.64.s 27.6
Detroit 7 117 27S 15. 4 ....
Cleveland ....; 8,541,676 3.8 ....
Louisville 7,225,858 37.5 ...„
Providence 6,328.100 45.7 ....
Milwaukee 6 171,007 14.4 ....
St. Paul.... 4,225,533 28.9
Buffalo 4.244.081
Omaha 5, 264. 10.7
Indianapolis • ' 686, SOT 7.4
Columbus, 0 4.668.300 40.1
Savannah 1.926,613 19. ....
Denver 3,951,532 16.0 ....
Hartford 1.983,503 12.3 ....
Richmond 2,591,797 ....
Memphis 1,172,068 7.3 ....
Washington 1,673.762 ....
Peorla 1,617,066 12.0
Rochester 2,974,006 ....
New Haven.. 1.315.39S .... 2.2
Worcester 1,175.374 16.1
Atlanta 1.914,371 19.2
Salt Lake City 1,986. 4 J0 25.6
Springfield. Mass.. 1.245.676 .... 17.8
Fort Worth 1,*".3,772 .... 4.7
Portland. Me 2,020,475 63.6 ....
Portland, Or 1 596 I V S 13.2 ....
St. Joseph 3,168,163 44.0 ....
Los Angeles 1,616,953 ' 45.0
Norfolk 529.448 17.4 ....
Syracuse ...; 892.095 2.1 ....
Dcs Moines 1.120,185 24.3 ....
Nashville 1,073.818 29.5
Wilmington, Del... 725.758 6.6
Fall River 665.858 18.1 v ....
Scranton 1,154,363 ....
Grand Rapids 1,036.977 21.1
Augusta. (Ja 549,878 42.
Lowell 562.212 2.0 ....
Dayton, 0 793,497 24.8
Seattle 2,102,379 82.3 ....
Tacoma 967,611 13.4 '■ ....
Spokane 1.144.154 65.0
Sioux City 717.705 1.7
New Bedford 248, 455 13.6
Knoxvllle. Term.... 468, 5.3
Topeka 548.557 .... 15.4
Birmingham 604,134 ....
Wichita 501,361 . 7.9
Binghamton 286,200 ' 4.7
Lexington Ky 360,007 49.5
Jacksonville, Fla... 197,528 15. .... I
Kalamazoo 306.250 6.4 !
Akron 363.900 14.8 .... j
Chattanooga 257.996 1.7
Rockford. 11l 223,978 33.5
Canton, 0 238,000 31.4
Springfield, 0 381,143 ' 57.4 ....
Fargo, N. D 265.205 63.6
Sioux Falls. S. D.. 123.575 33.6
Hastings, Neb 117.522 101.7
Fremont, Neb 80,550 8.0
Davenport 731.278 14.5
Toledo >. 2.234,799
Galveston 4.923,600 .... 12.5
Houston 5,367.368 25.4
Youngstown, 0 23.058 14.0
Helena ■. 652,209 17.2
Evansvllle 836.390 41.4
Macon 387.000 32.5 ...-.
Springfield 406.402 22.4
Little Rock 235,491
Totals. U. 5.... 51,522,812, 22.1
Totals outside New
York 636,139,532 20.1 ....
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $14,134,103 10. S
Toronto 8,918.863 15.8 ■ .... !
Winnipeg 1.744.766
Halifax 1.173.966 13.0 ....
Hamilton 652,800 13.3
St John, N. B 692.973 7.4
Vancouver, B. C... 964,355
Victoria 695,193
Totals J27.315.451 13.7
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. Aug. 25. — At the opening and for
a short time after wheat was influenced by
the strength of corn. Shorts were having a
big scramble In that pit, and their eagerness
to get under cover had some effect on shorts
in wheat. Longs were out of the market for
the time being, and prices advanced for both
September and December. December opened
unchanged at 73% c and advanced to 74@74<-hC.
September opened a shade higher at 1 7!V<
-71%c and advanced to 72c. The demand was
small, however, the news in general favor
ing the bears. A Belling movement set In at
the advance, which was almost entirely pro
fessional at first, but finally brought out
tide longs to the market and induced a
good deal of realizing, resulting In a
material decline nil around. The market be
came extremely dull, and after 11 o'clock prices
kept within a comparatively narrow range.
Hut with sentiment favoring the selling side,
the rallies were invariably followed by fresh'
attacks by the bears. ' Both domestic and for
eign crop news was favorable. Snow's crop
estimate gave the yield of Minnesota and
the Dakotas at about 175,000,000 bushels spring
wheat, and other reports indicated a better
condition of crops In the Northwest than has
been stated. The Roumania crop was also
said to be far better than previously reported.
The. cash situation, however, continued good
and this was a supporting factor to the mar
ket. The market was diligently hammered by
the bears during the last hour, but better sup
port materialized, and after September had de
clined to 71% c and December to 73% c the mar
ket became steadier. September reacted to 71%
(&71'ic and December to 73% c. These were
the closing figures.
There was a big trade in corn, especially in
September. Rumors were current of a squeeze
In that option, mid judging from the anxiety
of shorts to cover, had some foundation. Lead
ing commission houses were heavy buyers. The
excellent cash demand and moderate receipts
strength if .cd the situation. Distant futures
were firm with September, but did not hold
their strength. September closed ■>«'</ higher,
December closing unchanged.
Oats in the main followed corn. The cov
ering movement In September corn caused like
action in September oats, and that future was
strong and higher most of the session. Sep
tember and December closed a shade higher.
Provisions were slow and practically feature
less. The general tone was steady, but with
out material changes in prices. Packers
bought sparingly of September ribs and lard
and reported a good Jobbing, trade. Selling
was' mostly from the outside. At the close
September pork was 2^c lower, lard unchanged
and ribs He higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows: ; >. .
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close
"Wheat No. 2—
September 71% 72 71% 71*4
December 74 74' i 73>/j 73%
May 77 77V4 76% 76?*
Corn No. 2—
September 32<4 32% 32 82%
December 29 2? 25% 2v'
May 29% 23% 29% 29%
Oats No. 2—
September 20% 20U 2O' 20%-
December 19 m, " 20 15% 1974
May 21% 21% 21,4 21%
Mess Pork, per barrel-
September S 32M. 535 830 830
October 8 42V4 S 47*4 8 37V4 ,X 3714
January 9 62 Ms 9 62>a 960 960
Lard, per 100 pounds-
September 5 22% 525 5 22£ 5 22%
October 630 5 VIVz 530 530
January 550 550 5 47& 5 47' i
' Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
•September 0 15 5 20 5 15 5 20
October 520 5 22 1* 5 17U 5 22%
January 500 5.02 V» 500 500
' Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, firm: No. 3 spring wheat, 68%@71%c;
No. 2 red, 73>45?74c; No. - corn, 3:.'.c; No. 2 oats.
21*ic; No. 2 white. 23®23%e; No. 3 white, 22%@
23M;c; No. 2 rye, 55c: No. 2 barley. 33@39%c; Wo.
1 ilaxseed. $1 16(01 17; prime timothy seed. $2 IV.
mess pork, per barrel, $7 6O@B 33: lard, per 100
pounds. $5 12V£®5 25; short ribs sides (loose).
$5@6 30; dry salted shoulders fboxed> $."• 62%@
5 75; short clear sides (boxed). $5 50@5 60;
whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gallon,
SI 26. ■ ■• ■
Articles— • ■ Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 34,000 15,000
Wheat, bushels 63,000 70,000
Corn, bushels 318,000 277,000
Oats, bushels 529, 191.000
Rye. bushels 7,000 46,000
Barley bushels 31.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creameries. 16@20c; dairy.
13<®17c. Cheese, firm, H'a'SlOc. Eggs, steady;
fresh, 12% c.
California Fruit Sales.
The Earl Fruit Company auctioned California
fruit to-day as follows: •. • .
MONTREAL, Aug. 25.— Peaches— Late Craw
ford, boxes, 85@95c. average S9c. Pears—Bart
lett, $2 3iVfj2 50. average $2 36.
NEW YORK. Aug. Grapes— Tokay, sin
gle crates. $1 30@l 45, average $1 35; ! Malaga,
60i??95c, average 74c. Peaches— Late Crawford,
70c@$l, average 79c; Sal way,' average Soc: Or
ange '""ling. 35<S70c, average 596. • Pears—Bart
lett, Jl 05@2 15. average $1 S2. Plums— Kelsey.
60c@$l 50, average SI 05; Golden. Drop, . 85c@
$1 25. average 9Pc; Yellow Kgner. Bc®st average
97c: German, 9oc*?sl 05, average $1: Gros. 65C?p
Jl SO, average $1 02: Hungarian, Jlifl 15. a'ver
acre Jl 07: Italian. $l!ffl 10, average $1 05.
LONDON, Aug. 25.— Pears— Bartlett. two
fifths h.'xes. $1 92; Hardy Jl 50@l 62. Prunes—
Gros, J2 10@2 8S; Silver. '$2 04.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or.. Aug. 25.— Clearings, $163,
--442; balances, ?22,.165.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Or.! Aug. 25.-WHEAT-Walla
Walla, sS@'c3^c; valley, 69@59V4c; bluestem, 60
@61c
Cleared— British bark Kelmorey, for Queens
town, with 90,300 bushels -wheat.
WASHINGTON-
TACOMA, Wash.. Aug. 25.— Wheat is steady
at the advance, iTU^OSc for club; 60Vs@61c for
blue stem.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON,. Aug. 25.— Consols, 105"i: Sliver,
27' id; French rentes, 90f 97% c; wheat cargoes
off coast, quiet steady; cargoes on passage,
quiet, steady; No. 1 Standard California, 30s;
Walla Walla. i9s; English country markets,
firm.
LIVERPOOL. Aug. 25.— Wheat, firm; Wheat
in Paris, quiet; Flour in Paris, quiet; French
country markets, quiet; weather in England,
fine
COTTON— Uplands, 3 17-32 d. •
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL,. Aug. 25.— WHEAT— No. 1
Northern spring, strong, 6s 2%d; futures, quiet;
September. .is 10% d; December, Gs ?id.'
CORN— Spot American mixed new, firm. 3s
ad; do old. tlrm, Its s'id; futures, steady; Sep
tember, 3s 4Tsd; October, Ss %d; November, 33
6*»d.
Receipts of wheat during the past three days,
235.000 centals, including 155.000 American.
Receipts of American corn during the past
three days, 340,300 centals.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, €0 days — $4 S3*i
Sterling Exchange, Eight — 4 87*«,
Sterling Cables — 4 SSVi
New York' Exchange. ■ sight — 10'
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12,4
Mexican Dollars 49<* 60
Fine Silver, per ounce 59?» 60
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— As the town phut up shop to wel
come the First Regiment hark from the Phil
ippine? there was no business worthy of note.
The Produce Exchange held a single call in the
afternoon.
Sp.t Wheat— Shipping, $1 06@l BlVkl milling.
$1 10(61 13%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o:ls o'clock— No pension.
Second Session— No session.
Regular Morning Session— No session.
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls,
|I 12%; May— 2000, $1 17%.
BARLEY -Previous quotations are of course
continued, as there was no session of the Ex
change.
Feed. 80@53%0; Brewing, ! -'<7'r>2'-..c; Chevalier,
$1 10@l 22V£ per ctl.
CALL BOARD .SALES.
Informal Session -9:15 o'clock— No session,
ii ; Sessi in No session.
Regular Morning Session No session.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— Nothing new to report White, ji 20@
1 30; Red $1 05@l :-"■• per ctl; Hla'-k. 90c@$l.
CORN Eastern large Yellow, SI 05@l 07%;
White, $1 07' 2 : mixed, fl 05@l 07% per ctl.
lcvi: :«''(/ l .':'i z i' per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FlX>T'R— California family extras. $3 60^3 75,
usual terms: bakers' extras, $3 40!j!3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $3 40@3 i 0 per bbl for extra,
J3 2533 40 for bakers' and $2 26®3 for super
fine.
.MILI,STT'FFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows usual discount to ?he trade: Gnitiam
Flour, $3 26 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, ?2 7.",; Rye
Meal, >:' 50; Rice I'l ur. J7: ('ornmeal. $2 50: ex
tra Cream ("ornmeal. S3 25; Oatmeal. $4 50474 75;
i .■• Groats $4 7.": Hominy. J3 2503 50; Buck
wheat Flour $4@4 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 75;
Farina $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 5o: Rolled
oats (barrels), S6 55176 9." ; in sacks. $6 35@6 1 .
Pearl Barley. $3; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas,
}5 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Trices for all descriptions remain unchanged.
Hay is weak, while Bran and Middlings are
rather firm than otherwise.
BRAN— SIS 60®17 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 50@19 50 per ton.
FEF;DSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $1^ 50 per ton:
Oilcake Meal at the mill. J27'?(2S; Jobbing,
v- ;_"i; Cocoanut Cake, J20@21; Cornmeal,
$23 'i-^ B0; Cracked Corn, J24@25; Mixed FeeJ,
jitMi! 1 ' E0; ' '■ ttonseed Meal, J2S per ton.
HAY— Wheat. $f> ;J'ftS 50 for common to good
and J9 for chqice: Wheat and Oat. J7@9; Oat,
Jf.-.i- Barley, Js@7; Island Barley, J4 dO^o 50;
Alfalfa, $3@7 per ton; Compressed Wheat,
J9(S 10.
STRAW— 2O(g 3Sc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
The old quotations nre. continued. The de
mand for all descriptions is poor.
BEANS -Bayos, H 70®] SI ; Small White. J2 05
&2 15: Large White. $1 6001 65; Pinks, $2 I;.®
L 1 25; Keds. nominal; Blackeye. 14 15@4 25; But
ters, nominal; Linias, ?1 10^?4 15: I'ea, $2 15®
2 3."': Red Kidneys, J2@2 25 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. 2'..>j3c; Yellow Mus
tard, nominal.: Flax, $1 90@2 10;' Canary Seed,
■: v '•''<" l' er lb for California and 3VjC for East
ern; Alfalfa, 8%®9%c; Rape, 3c; Hemp, 4Q
4%c; Timothy, nominal.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 2501 50; Green, Jl 50
(g2 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
There was nothing new in this market. The
military parade was the important event of
the day and the houses generally closed along
in the forenoon.
Sweet Potatoes are plentiful ami lower.
I'OTATOES — Garnet Chiles, 90c® Jl; Early
P.ose 65@90c; Fairbanks. 68©90 c per ctl; Sa
linas' BurbankS, $1 25®1 40; Sweet Potatoes, 1\
<7?2c per lb.
ONI'.'NS '.'OcaSl in rer ,ctl for Silverskins;
Pickle Onions, 50@750 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, lVi'Jf2c per lb;
String Beans, Ifi2c; Lima Beans. 2ti2Vic: Cab
bage. B0@60c; River Tomatoes. 40@50c; Alameda
Tomatoes, 65®75c; Egg Plant. 35#40c: Green
Okra 40®60c per bnx: Garlic. 2'a3c; Green Pep
pers ' 40fiTi0c for Chill and 40'3".0e per box for
Bell' Carrots, >Yi4<V per sack; Bay Cucumbers.
20®25c: Pickles, $1 r.Of? 175 per cti for No. 1
and 75c for No. 2; Summer Squash, 20@25c;
Marrowfat Sauash. $15 per ton: Green Corn,
2:. '<7.'»' r p r sack, r.ocfl?l per crate for Alameda
and 40ti00c fur Berkeley.
Poultry and Game.
Hens and Turkeys are firm, but young stock
is dull and weak.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 12(f14c for Gob
blers and 12@14c for Hens: Young Turkeys,
16@18c; Geese, per pair. $1 25@1 50; Goslings,
M 50f}2; Ducks, 53«3 50 for old and *4@5
for young; Hens, $5{T6; young Roosters, $4 50
05 50; old Roosters, $3 75@4; Fryers, J4;
Broilers, $3@3 50 for large, $2 50 for small;
Pigeons. $1 Bo@l 75 per dozen for old and Jl 75
(i? 2 lor Squabs.
GAME— Doves, 50c per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Eggs are stiff and bring, the top quotation
without difficulty. Butter, too. is firm, hut the
advance may check trade. Cheese continues
firm.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy creamery, 25V£@27c; sec
onds. 25c.
Dairy— Fancy, 24c; good to choice, 21@23c;
store, lS@2oc per Ih.
Pickled roll, 19<g21c; firkin, 16@lSc; creamery
tub 20(821V,c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, ll@114c: old. 10
(SlO'/ic: Young America, ll@lUic; Eastern, 13
■ ■ Lsc,
EGGS— Quoted at 13@22 ] ,Ac for store and 27@
30c per dozen for ranch; Eastern. IS^i@2oc
for selected, 16@17c for No. 1 and 14Q15C lor
seconds. ,
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Yesterday was decidedly an off day in fruit,
owing to the military parade. The houses geh
rr.-illy closed before 10 o'clock and th<re was
not enough trade to produce much rhanpe in
pri<-e;=. The farmers continued hot after l J ears.
The river boat was too late for the trade.
These were the only features of the day.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples. 3Ssßoo per box for common and 75c@
$1 25 for' Rood to choice.
BERRlKS— Blackberries, $3(173 50 per chest;
Strawberries, *6®7 per chest for small and $2@
3 for larse berries; Raspberries. $3@4 per
chest; Huckleberries, 495 c per Ib.
Grapes. 2G'?i ",oc per box and crate for Fon
tainebleau. .?5(&75c for black, 35@75c for JHus
cat, 40(f?75e for Tokay and 6fVgSsc for Seedless.
WateVmelons. $<iffl2o per 100.
Cantaloupes. 2r.f5 7.".c per crate; Nutmegs, 10©
35c per box on the wharf.
Pears. 40980 c per box; Partletts, $lffl 25 pec
box for Rreen and 50@75c for ripe; In bulk, $20
(g^.i per ton.
Nectarines. 40J?50c per box for white and 50©
65c for red.
Flrp. 7 r >c per box for double layers of small
black and SS®sOc for large purple.
Teaches. F>firf<7sc per box and 40c per basket;
in bulk, J15&25 per ton.
riums, 2C&SOC per box; Prunes, 40@70c per
crnte; Green and Yellow Plums. $20 per
ton.
Quinces, EOfJTr.c per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Lemons, $I^l 75 for com
mon and $2<g3 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes. $-l'g4 50; California Limes, nominal:
Bananas. $1 50@2 50 per bunch; Pineapple's, $.1*
@2 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
There is nothing new to report.
DRIED FRUIT (Old Crop)— Prunes, 6^c for
40-50' 5c for 50-60' e, 4c for 60-70*8, 3%@3%c for
70-SO's", 2^i!g3v;c for SO-90's, 2%@2}4c for 90-100's
and 2^2»,ic for 100-110' a. > r V',-
DRIED FRUITS (New Crop)— Prunes, in
sacks, 6.g6'ic for 40-50"s, 6@6%c for 50-60*8, 4®
4'. 4 c per tb for 60-70* s, 3'» c for 70-So"s, Brie
fer SO-90's and 2%@2%C for 90-100's: Apricots,
10%@llC for Royals, 12%®15c for Moorparks;
Peaches, s@6c for Standards and 6H@"c for
choice: Evaporated Apples. 7@7%c: Sun-dried.
4'3f.e per rh; Nectarines', B®B%c per Tt>; Pears,
7%#S%c for quarters and B@9c for halves:
Black ' Figs. 2%@2?ic.
RAISIN'S— 3&c for two-crown. 4^c for three
crown, 5%c for four-crown, 4'iiT6c for Seedless
Sultanas.' 3>*c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London "Layers: Dried Grapes. 2%@3c. _
NUTS— Walnuts, 6<??Sc for hardshell. 10£llc
for softshell: Chile Walnuts, ll@12c: Almonds,
new crop 7V.c for Lans"uedoe and 9%c for pa
per-shell: Peanuts. s\<§.6\c for Eastern; Brazil
Nuts. BU@9c; Filbert*. ll@ll%c; Pecans. i l .,®
Sc: Cocoanuts, $4 50535.
HONEY— Comb, ll%c for brieht and 10% c. for
light amber; water white extracted, 7». I 's7'Ac;
lleht amber extracted. 6Mj@7c; dark. oVic
per It).
BEESWAX— 24<g26c per IT).
Provisions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, S%c per lb for
heavy. 9(g9^c for light medium, llr for light,
I2*4c for extra light and 13c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13Uc; California
Haras 13c; Mess Beef. $13 per bbl; extra
Prime Beef $12 50: extra clear. $lt> o0; mess,
$15«'15 50; Smoked Beef. 12c per Ib.
LARD— Tierces quoted at shi<{iZ\c- per lb Tor
compound and 7c for pure: half-barrels, pure,
7%c; 10-lb tins. SVic; 5-lb tins. B%C
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%®7"*c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
cbout lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
Bteers. 10@10 : ;ic; medium, 9@DVzr; light, 9c;
Cowhides, 9c: Stags. 6c; Salted Kip. 9c: Calf,
10c; dry Hides, sound, 16c; culls and brands,
13c' dry Kip and Veal, 16c: dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 20@30c each; short
Wool 36<8>60c each; medium. 70@90c; lone Y\ool.
Boc@l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt. $2ft2 25 for
large and $1 25@1 50 for small; Colts, 25@50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4@4Vfec per lb; No.
2, 3@3V4c; refined. ; grease, 2@2V4c.
WOOL— Spring Clips — San Joaquin and
Southern 7 months, big lie; San Joaquin Foot
hill, defective, S@9c: Valley Oregon, -17&lSc;
Eastern Oregon, 12<&14c for choice and 9@llfec
for fair to good.
Fall Clip— San Joaquin Lambs, 8@10c; do
plains, 7@Bc; San Joaquin and Southern Moun-
a i?6PS— 1838 crop. 15@17V4c per lb; 189S crop.
13c bid with no takers.
General Merchandise.
Calcutta Grain Bags, 7@7%c; Wool
Bags, 26@28c; Fruit Bags, o'ic, "5%c and fie for
the three grades of white and 7@7%C for
bleached jute.
COAL— Wellington. $S per ton; New Welling
ton, *8; Southneld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, J9 In bulk and $10 50
in packs; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $12;
Cannel, $S per ton: Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 BO; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14.
in sacks.
Harrison's circular says: "During the week
there have been the following coal deliveries:
Three from Oregon, 1350 tons; three from Wash
■ • ington. 5424 tons; one. from British Columbia,
] 40."0 tons; one from Australia. 2504 tons; totaL |
13,328 tons. The amount at hand this week is ;
less than one-half of our actual consumption j
and about one-third of the quantity received j
the week previous. There is no shrinkage of
the coal production of our northern collieries, j
the difficulty lies in securing carriers', and may j
prove a very serious barrier against our secur- |
ing a fuel sufficiency this winter, unless |
some steam colliers come to our rescue in Sep- i
temher or October. Some yards usually carry
a stock of 7000 to I©,ooo tons this month and j
next to provide the trade with their require
i ments; at present they have not 10 per cent
of this amount, besides being largely in arrears
of their contracted deliveries. We cannot ex
pect any relief from foreign sources, when it
is known that there are only thirteen cargoes
that can possibly arrive here prior to Novem
ber next, aggregating about 33,000 tons, less i
than nine days' actual coal consumption."
LINSEED OIL— Is higher at 52c • per gallon '
for raw and 54c for boiled, in barrels.
RICE— mixed, $3 70(53 75: China No. 1,
$4 50@4 DO; extra do, $5(g5 33; Hawaiian. $5®
5 75; Japan. $4 12V(i4 75; Louisiana, $.Vfi<>.
SUGAK— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quote?, terms net cash, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A crushed and Fine Crushed, s^c; Pow
dered, 5Hc; Candy Granulated, 5V4e; Dry Gran
ulated sc; Confectioners' A, sc; California A, !
— . Magnolia A. 4%c; Extra C. 4%c; Golden C, !
4*& c; barrels, l-16c more; half barrels, ] 4c more;
boxes, ■_'' more; 50-lb bags, Vie more. No or
der taken for less than 75 barrels or its equiva-
I lent. Dominoes, half barrels, 5%c; boxes, 6c
per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7@sc per lb for Steers and 6!A(g7c for
Cows.
VEAL— 10c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, ~ l i<3Sc: Ewes, 7@7%0 per
pound. <
LAMB— Spring, S%<g9c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 8%@5%c for small, 6c for
medium and 5%@5%c for large; stock hogs and
Feeders, sac; dressed Hogs, 7@SHc.
• Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY. AUGUST 25.
Flour, qr sks 2.142 Hay. tons TIS
Wheat, ctls 6. TIN Htraw, tons 50
Barley, ctla 8,358iW001, bales 72
Oats, ctls 1,713 Hides, No 165
Rye, otls m Pelt?, bdls 120
Butter, otls l'V. Wine, cals 36. 500
Cheese, ctls 1"3 Leather, roll? nfi
Fotatoes. sks '.'Tfi F.ges. doz 2,280
Onions, sk? 1001 Quicksilver, flsks 57
Sugar, Bka 3,000 1 Raisins, bza 1,223
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 4.112 Bran, sks 3,650
Family Retail Market.
Butter and Eggs are clearer this week.
The market is well supplied with Fish and
Poultry Meats show no change.
Fruits and Vegetables show little change,
though prices for the former are rather strong
er than last week, owing to light supplies.
The following is The Call's regular weekly
price list:
Coal, per ton
Cannel $ @10 00 1 Castle Gate... 00©
Wellington .. CalO 00 j Southfield
New Welling- I Wellington @9 50
ton @10 [Coos Bay <£ 700
Seattle 8 00® — I
Dairy Produce, etc—
Butter, fancy, per | Common Eggs... 22025
Square Eo®ss Ranch Eggs, per
Do, per roll....»nif— I dozen 30035
Do, good 4.".g— ! Honey Comb, per
Cheese, Ca.l — @15 1 pound 12<i?15
Cheese, Eastern.. 174.120 1 Do, extracted...— eio
Cheese, Swiss 20@23|
Meats, per Hi—
Bacon 12(317;P0rk. fresh 15020
Beef, choice lS't'OiPork, Fait... 12016
Do, good 10015 Pork Chops. . 15®1S
Corned Beef — ©10 Round Steak.. 10012
Ham, Cal —'tils Sirloin Steak... .15©—
Do, Eastern.. .l7»44i— Porterhouse, d0.!20<525
Lard 12@15 j Smoked Beef 12@15
Mutton ...10<fi'l5 Pork Sausages V'-~ -m
Lamb 12@15j.Veal .;'. ; !..15@20
Poultry and Game —
Hens, each 60@75 Turkeys, per lb 1<!(?J">2
Young Roosters Ducks, each ... "oiXatio
each DO'.£G."i Geese. each 25® 1" 50
Old Roosters. Pigeons, pair ~ w', ' ,
each ..• 50060 Rabbits! pair Ki-Sw
Fryers, each — ©50 Hare, each ""'lVif'o
Broilers, each ...35@40| Doves, pr doz '75®li
Fruits and Nuts— . "' ' "***
Almonds, lb .15®20 Pears per lb US 5
APP«e« ■ • 4f 6; Peaches. per'Vb." 6
Bananas, doz ....20£20. Plums per lb 4<S ■;
Blackberries, per I Raisin's lb. " Is^
r , drawer - : " i:; " Nectarines, per jb 6® 8
Cantaloupes, ea.. 5t15 Raspberries Der
Nutmeg Melons.. 6010 drawer ..' -»^i^
Figs, per lb 50 6 Strawberries. Or^
Qrape«, per — 4.; 6' drawer .. 2^fissn
Huckleberries, lh. 5,,,,, Walnuts ib.V~t;SBS
Lemons, dcz \;.nr:<} . Watermelons, ea.loiiJ2s
Limes, per d0i...10(512! =».««-*
Vegetables —
Artichokes. d0z...25ff?50 . Lentils, 1b.... era 8
Beets, doz .M" 1 15 ; lettuce. doz is,; - -
Beans, white, lb.. leg 5 : Onions, lb £*£ 3
<-"ol°red. lb 4 ' ; •'' r cppe - rs - green, lb 5® 8
Lima, lb 6®— Potatoes, 1b... 0]
Cabbage, each ... s©lo Sweet Potatoes 3<ra 4
Cauliflowers each E@io Parsnips, do£: 1.,'
Celery, bunch 5©- Radishes, dz bchslow>2
Cucumbers. per Sage, doz bchs...*>@3s
'dozen ...... 10©- String Beans, lb. Ac
Cress, doz bnchs.2J«?3r. Summer Squash
Egg Plant, per lb SO SI per lb 4<f? .V
Green Corn, per I Thyme lb HW?3O
_ doze " ." -.lOfiJJO Turnips, doz/ 1.1 ,; 1:,
Green Okra. Pr lb 50 6 Tomatoes, lb 4@ 5
Green Peas. lb. .2' . ..• .>
Fish, per lb —
Barracuda ........15@— ,Shad 12(§>—
Carp • 10<#12JSea ass 12dt—
Codfish 12015 Smelts — SIS
Flounders 10^12 , Soles 12<5i5
I!';' 1 ' 1 '' 1 ' US®- Skates, each ...Am—
lvintjTflsh _4|i2 Tomcod 12015
Mackerel Is#Bfl Clams, gal i»nra-
I>" Horse — it— Do. hardshell. lOCMtVi-oO
rch • 10015! Crabs, each IO®IS
on a no _«_ Do so ftshell, d0z.25f.t35
Rockflsh \7,(ri— Musels, qt 10(^12
Salmon, smoked.. Oysters, Cal. 100. .40650
Salmon, fresh.... 12®16 Do. Eastern, d0z.25@40
Shrimps s@io •
THE STOCK MARKET.
* ; — ! — •■.'_-
Yesterday was a dull day in stocks, as the
military parade monopolized public attention.
The Bond Exchange held an afternoon call,
but there were no changes worthy of note.
The mining: stock boards also made a very
poor exhibit in the matter of business.
The telegram from the pump said: "At 8:30
this morning the water was 31 feet 6 inches
below the 1950 level station. No. 1 elevator
has been working continuously."
The Comstock Pumping Association has ap
proved the revised contract for electrical
power with the Truckee River Company. The
special committee reported in favor of the
contract except Mr. Ross, who handed In his
resignation as superintendent of the Pumping
Association. It was accepted and Joseph R.
Ryan was elected his successor.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, August 25—2 p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bid. Ask.
Bonds— E( uit G L Co - 3 ** 4 'a
4s quar c0up.. 112 — Mutual El Co. 16% 16\
»s ciuar reg .. — — 10GL&H.... 4b 4S
4s new quar... — 13H4 Pac Gas Imp— 69*4
Is quar coup. .MS 109 Pac L. Co — 44
Miscellaneous— S F G A E... C9V4 6S»» t
Cal-st Cab ss. — — San Fran — a 1 * 3%,
C C Wat as... — 110& Stockton Gas., VI —
Ed L & P 65..129%135 Insurance—
F & Cl Ry 6s — 117 Flrem's Fund. 22s —
Geary-st X ss. — 35 Bank Stocks—
li C& S 6%5..107% — Anglo-Cal 63 63
L A Ry &5....106*i107% Bank o£ Ca1...276 280
L A L. Co 65.. 99 — Cal S I) &. T.. 97% 98
Do gntd 65.. 99 — ; First National.23o iMru
Do gntd 5b.. — 100 Urn P <ft A 12SU -
Market-st G5...126& — Mer Exchange — li
Do Ist M as. — 118 Nev Nat 8k... —
N C NG Ry 75. 110 — Savings Banks—
NR of Cal 6s. — 115 Ger S & L...1650 —
Nlt of Cal 55.114 — Hum S & L..1050 1160
NiC Rit b5.105% — Mut Say Bk. 37 : i —
NPC R R 55. 106 107 6 F Say U... 500 —
N Cal R R 55. 11 l — Say & L So. — > ,
OGL & H as. lll — Sec Say Bk. — 500
Oak Transt 65. 11 l 112% Union T C 0.1400 1440
Om C Ry 65.. 127 — Street Railroads—
P & Cl Ry 65. 105 — California 117 120
Pk &O Ry 6s. 115 — Geary 50 —
Powell-st R6s — - 125 MarKet-st 61^62
Sac El G&R5s — — Oak SL& H. — 50
SF & N P 113*4 — Presidio 12 18
S F & S JVSs.Ho 116 Powder—
S Rof Cal 65.105% — California 150 165
S P of A 65. ..111' 2 — E Dynamite... 85 -
IS P C 65(1i»i>5).112 112% Giant Con Co. 73% 74
'a P C 65(1906). — Vigorlt « 2 7 / i 3%
S P C 65(1912).113 122 ; Sugir—
SPCIs eg os. 102% — Hana P C 0.... 15=4 15»i
SPBr 6s 12534 — Haw C&SCo 98 96Vj
S V Wat 65...U6^— Hutch S P.... 21%. 32
S V Wat 45...104%104»i Kilauea S C. — 30
S V W4s(3dm)lol?i — Makaweli SC. 50% —
Stktn Gas 65.. 104 107 Onomea S Co. 39 39%
Water Stocks— |Paauhau S C. -39% 39^4
Contra Costa.. 76 76% Miscellaneous—
Marin County. 50 — Al Pac Assn. .ll7 118%
Spring Valley. — 102 Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Gas and Electric— Oceanic S Co. 89% 91
Capital Gas... — — Pac A F A.... 1% —
Cent GCo — — Pac C Bor Co. — 137%
Cent L. & P... — 7 Par Paint Co. S% — '
Afternoon Session.
Board—
10 Market Street Railway "... 62 00
15 Paauhau S P Co 39 75
25 Paauhau S P Co, b 30 40 00
$40'» S V 4s <2d Mortgage) 104 60
7 S V Water 101 62%
21 S V Water 101 75
Street—
10 Contra Costa Water 76 25
$8000 Oakland Transit Co 6s 112 00
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Afternoon Session.
Board—
100 Equitable Gas A 00
> 30 Giant Powder 74 00
I 60 Mutual Elf-'' Co 16 62%
50 Makaweli Sugar Co 50 00
60 Makaweli Sugar Co 50 12%
I 30 S F Gas & Electric 69 50
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San. Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Belcher 3*>| 100 Gould & Curry. 37
200 Best & Belcher 59 100 Justice 13
.100 Bullion 06! 300 Mexican 43
100 (hollar 311 200 Potosi 31
200 Crown Point... 23 1 200 Savage IS
100 Gould & Curry. 36 1 100 Union Con 22
Afternoon Session.
250 Alpha 06! 100 Con Cal & Va..l 75
200 Alpha 07: 500 Con IrAperial... 02
100 Belcher 37 j 150 Sierra Nevada. 70
200 teat & Belcher 59 j 200 Yellow Jacket.. 30
! 100 Challenge 36
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of Hish and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San,
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
tHe height of tide Is the same at both places.
SATURDAY, AUGUST 26.
Sun rises 5:35
Sun seta - 6:47
Moon rises 9:56 p. m.
D Time] ITirael ITlme Time
£ 1 Ft. I- -I Ft. I 1 Ft. ! ! Ft.
? H WJ IL. W H W L W
26 ... 3:31 4.3] 8:41 2.1 3:15 5.7 10:10 0.4
27 ... 4:50 4.0 9:31 2.6! 4:06 'R.«! 11:22 0.4
28 ... 6:21 3.9] 10:391 2.91 5:06 5.4
L WJ H W L, W H W
29 ... 0:351 0.3] 7:46] 4.0.' 11:54 3.1 6:13 5.3
30 ... 1:36! 0.2 8:47 4.21 1:10 3.1 7:19 5.3
31 ... I 2:281 0.1 1 9:31! 4. fit 2:15 3.0 8:151 5.3
1 ...| 3:10| 0.1| 10:06| 4.8| 3:05| 2.7; 9:06! 6.3
NOTE— In the above exposition of the t!d»s
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. Thi
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tld«
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on th»
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low ■waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, V. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal.,
August 25, 1899
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly norm to-day —
i. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. T. P. X. . =n charge.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. I From. ) Due.
Fulton (Portland Aug. 25
Willamette ,'Seattle Aug. 25
Aloha Point Arena Aug 26
National City.. .(Grays Harbor Aug.?*
Point Arena.... I Point Arena Aug. 26
Umatilla Victoria & Puget Sound A\i?. 2*5
Titania Nanalmo lAug. 2>>
Coos Bay Newport..... Aug. 2«
North Fork Humboldt Aug. 26
Mackinaw ITacoma Aug 27
Wellington [Departure Bay Aug.27
Curacao iMexico Aug .27
"Weeott [Humboldt ] i Aug. 28
Brunswick Oregon Ports Aug. 28
Robt Adamson Nanaimo Aug. 28
Crescent City... [Crescent City Aug. 2S
Corona Srin Diego Aug. 28
Columbia (Portland ! Aug. 28
Coquille River.. 'Grays. Harbor Aug. 28
Luella Tillamook Aug. 29
Mlneola iNanataio Aug. 29
Pomona 'Humboldt Bay.. Aug.30
Progreso Seattle Aug.30
rionita ' Newport ! Aug. 30
Acapulco ! Panama ! Aug. 30
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound Aug.
Areata Coos Bay [Aug. SI
Washtenaw Tacoma Aug. 31
Point Arena Point Arena Sep. 1
Acapulco Panama Sep. 1
Bertha St. Michael.. Sep. 1
Nippon Main. .. China and Japan Sep. 1
Santa Rosa Pan Diego.. .Sep. 1
State of Cal.... Portland ' '. ep. 3
TO SAIL.
Steamer. | Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Areata Coos Bay [Aug.26. 11 m Pier 13
Albion Cape Nome... Aug. 26, 10 am|Pier 2
State Calif. Portland Aug.26. 10 urn Pier 24
Santa Rosa San Diego Aug. 26, 11 am Pier 11
Aloha Point Arena.. 1 Aug. 26, 3 pm I Pier 2
Pomona ....Humboldt Aug. 27, 2 pmlPler 9
Coos ...Newport Aug. 28. a amIPier 11
Pt Arena.. Point Arena. .|Aug. 28. 2 Pier 2
Peru 'Panama Aug.28. 12 m'PMSS
Weeott Humboldt ! Aug. 29, 2 pm, Pier 18
Portland ...Alaska | Aug. 29, 2 pm Pier 34
North Fork. I Humboldt Aug.29, SamPler 2
Brunswick . Oregon Ports. (Aug. 23, 10 am I Pier 20
Umatilla ... Vic & Pgt Aug.29. 10 am Pier 9
Corona San Diego |Aug. 30. 11 amjPier 11
Coqullle Rv|Grays Harbor' Aug. 30. .' I
Columbia ..Portland | A UK- 31. 10 am! Pier 24
Doric China& Japan] Sep. 2, 1 pmjPMS3
Bonlta iN'ewport ..... P^p. 1. 9 amIPier 11
Continued on Page Fifteen.\ V BAT CITIES I )
BETH MOBS
DIVIDED DYER
THEIR BOTCHER
Flurry Among Hebrew
Congregation.
MENDILLOWITZ NOT OUSTED
YOUNG MEMBERS RETAIN HIM
AS SCHOUCHET.
.»
Older Members Imported a Schouchet
From Russia and Will Not Cel
ebrate New Year at the
Synagogue.
Oak San Francisco Call,
i .roadway. \lg ."
gation Is di\ Ided and
: •• . butcher,
who performs the fui I inspector
of m.- .us consumed I enty-flve
: ■ ■ ■'. ngregation.
M. Mendillowitz had been acting as J
Bchouchet for years, but recently some of '
the older members of Beth Jacobs im- |
ported a new schouchet in the person of
J. Goldberg, direct from Russia. Soon a j
mild opposition developed into a dispute j
•if rather formidable proportions. On the j
one hand the older members insisted on i
installing the new schoucnet, while the !
younger element determined to stand fast
by their favorite; Mendillowitz, to whom j
they pointed not only as a man who had I
always proved himself competent, but j
also on account of his nativity, he being i
horn in this country.
A thorough examination was suggested j
and Mendillowitz surprised even the older \
members with the cleverness with which |
he answered all questions propounded and
the points demonstrating his qualification:
Yet the opposition was equally determined j
to nave a new schouchet— none other than •
i;..ldb< rg. A division followed and Schou- j
diet Meridilowitz kill? for Butcher R. i
Acher at Sixth and Washington streets,
white Goldberg has been installed as I
pchouchet with headquarters at Backer's !
market ;>t Sixth and Broadway.
Moreover, when the Jewish New Year !
holidays, commencing on September 4, are
celebrated "Roscha Chona" will be ob
served in two distinct places this year, j
At Beth Jacobs Synagogue the young j
members and adherents of Schouchet j
Mendillowitz will hold their services. They I
have engaged Joseph Willner to officiate ;
as cantor and tickets for seats can now j
be .secured at Bercovich Bros.'. Fourth and I
Webster streets; while the opposition has j
taken Gerinania Hall, on Webster street
ruar Seventh; where they will hold their j
exercises during the holidays. . '.
JOHN DUTTON SUED
FOR HEAVY DAMAGES
OAKLAND. Aup. 23. — Ex-Sheriff Calvin
r.. White filed suit in the Superior Court
to-day against John W. Dutton. who was
a-deputy uncW him. and Thomas Prather,
ore o! button's liondsmon, for the recov
ery i■{ $2000 damages claimed to have be^n
"sustained by reason of an erroneous ser
vice of summons in the suit of J. B. Wai
]or against F. K. and Mai Ann Weston.
which was brought in Contra Costa
County in September of 1897. The Wa'
ler-Weston suit was for the foreclosure
of a mortgage for $S4ftf. together with $400
c-iunsel fet-s and costs. Judgment wad
secured and the property was subsequent
ly sold at public auction for JSOOO. Last
March, however, the WestODS discovered
grounds on whio-h they moved that .1: .
juiismt-nt be set aside. It was found thai
Dutton had served the complaint and
summons on C. K. V.'eston, a brother of
the defendant. The motion was accord
ingly granted on the condition that ■'■•
fendant pay to Waller $1W costs that thn
latter had liquidate. l. The case wax then
appealed to the Supreme Court and judg
ment sustained.
By reason of Button's negligence
and untruthful return of the summons
ex-Sheriff Whito has been put to a greit
expense in paying damace.s sustained by
Waller and otherwise, wherefore he now
s'-^ks to recover S2W) damages from his
old deputy. Button's bondsmen were
Thomas Prather and W. A. Holcomb. but
the latter died some months ago.
New Gun Club Officers.
OAKLAND. Ajg. 25.— At the annual
LfOS Banos Gun Club, held
rge B. ML. Gray last
m D. Heltmann was sleeted
Vdama
retarj Tv;.
--k and
I>r. H ■ ' r he list of mem
ehich already Included the fol
idge F. B.
- ipervisor W, H. Church, City
■ :. Jacob "■'
Adams, W. D. Heitmann,
Dr. T. M_. Hall, Frank A'i
ams \\'. J. Bowman, Nick Relnecker, A.
■ i i<. T. Ja» kson, R. B. i.- ckie,
■ec Hank. I;• orge I .
,v illiam Fa lion, J. A. Mc<
■ A. A. Moon B Swift.
-. William Wat
klnson, M haus, J. R. Gla
F Umphred and J. H. Ames.
L. N. Farwell's Sudden Death.
OAKLAND, Aug. 25. -L. N. Farwell. a
■ f Haywards,
this morning at Irvington.
visiting a family nam< ■!
. c ■■■• lb • •-; ■ rt< ' I
o has ordered an inquest
ith is attributed to heart failure.
Dd was a widower, aged 4<j years.
UNION IRON
WORKS HAS A
SMALL STRIKE
Pattern- Makers Ask
Increased Wages.
Labor troubles, which for several
. en impending at the
Union iron Works, have culminated in a
strike, which while not general in its char
kssumes grave importance from the
itrikers are successful, as
assert they will be. behind
lestion further trouble in other de
ent* of the bis institution may be
. to take place.
... present instance the pattern \
• volt. There are fifteen of j
, y ed by the Union Iron Works,,
- ;f of that number went out on |
>-. The rest, with a solitary excop- j
ill work Wednesday. A few weeks |
..••.'iii makers made a demand j
-■•• of 25 cents per day
i: their wages. The demand was not
. the Bcotts, with the result .
g th« men quietly
• away their tools and refused to go on
tl work. No unusual demonstra
marked the occurrence beyond the
fact that the mtii gathered in Bmall
OAKLAND
SUFFER HAS
IDEAS ABOUT
TAX LEVYING
— . —
Will Oppose Schemes
of Mr. Miller.
BREED'S FIGURES ACCEPTED
COUNCIL AGREES IN NEARLY
EVERY DEPARTMENT.
May Make a Few Increases Next
Week, but Not Likely to Pass
a Levy That Will Exceed
the Dollar.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
SOS Broadway, Aug. 25.
Less than a thousand dollars will be the
difference between the estimate of City
Auditor Breed and of the City Council for
conducting the government for this fiscal
year. Mr. Breed's figures show some
heavy cutting from the estimates of the
heads of the various departments, but he
has so uniformly adjusted matters that
in order to carry out his financial scheme
it will require exactly a tax levy of $1,
which was promised by the party electing
Mr. Breed.
At the next meeting of the Council many
estimates now in abeyance will be finally
mined. The most Important item
w;ll be that of the Street Department, and
the recommendation of Mr. Miller, Street
Superintendent, will be considered. It is
difficult to see, in view of what the Coun
cil has already determined upon, how
12 additional cents or even 1 cent can be
added to the park and boulevard fund
without the Council violating its prom
ises made before election. Certainly the
Mayor will not approve of any ordinance
axing a tax levy of more than $1. It any
additional proportion of the levy is given
to the park and boulevard fund It will
have to come from some of the other
departments in order to keep the levy
down to its legal limit. As nearly all the
department estimates have been passed on
by the Council, it is not likely that they
will go over the ground again for the pur
pose of carrying out Mr. Miller's sugges
tion. It is the expressed intention of the
Council, having gone through all the fig
ures for the purpose of cutting them
down, to now go through them all for the
purpose of seeing where a raise can be
mafle to advantage.
Councilman Schaffer is strongly opposed
to Mr. Miller's schema of street improve
ment and has placed himself on record
in the following language:
"In reference to the 12 per cent addition
to the taxes proposed by the Street Super
intendent for the imorovement of Tele
graph avenue. I shall assuredly oppose
the step in the Council. My reason for
this opposition is this: The improvement
proposed is one that ought to be obtained
as Other public and general necessities
are obtained, such as water front im
provement, dredging and intercepting
tewers. .All those are public improve i
and at the same time public necessities. In
order to get them it will be necessary, as
the Mayor in his message has early
shown, to bond the city. It will be impos
sible to get them or any of them without
bonding the city.
"I realize that there are seven votes in
the City Council favoring certain im
provements, and they would probably pre
fer Mr. Miller's suggestions to the good,
common judgment of the Mayor and the
rest of the Council, I feel that the recom
mendations of the Mayor's message, if
they can be carried out, will be greatly
to the advantage of the city of Oakland
as an entirety, Including the annexed dis
trict.
"It seems to me that a few men in the
Council are advising Mr. Miller and that
their advice is not Bound. It only tends
to create more discord and friction in the
whole city government. Th.- whole time
of Mr. Miller and these advisers of his in
the Council is taken up with the effort to
hold Miller In office. Let them stop their
political bickering and apply themselves
to the public business, whether Miller is
In or out.
As for the suggestion of a Councilman
that to the victors belong the spoils my
motto instead of that would be 'To the
people of .Oakland belong all the energies
of a harmonious Council and city govern
ment, regardless of political affiliations
and interests.' "
STRUCK BY THE TRAIN
An Ice Wagon Badly Demolished In
a Collision.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 25.— The 10:38 o'clock
narrow-gauge train from Park street this
morning struck the rear end of an ice
wagon belonging to A. Koerber just as
the train was nearing Morton street sta
tion. The ice was scattered about the
track and the wagon was badly damaged.
A large hole was made In the Bide of a
crowded car by the accident. Some of
the passengers were badly scared, but
fortunately no one was Injured. The
driver of the wagon did not perceive the
danger he was in and allowed his horse
to back into the moving train.
• ♦ ■
Celebration Notes
A I IMBDA, Aug. 25. — Alameda promises
to be thf- most deserted town on t:.-- coast
to-morrow evening, nearly the entire pop
ulation will be in Ban Francisco to s—
the big parade. The merchants on Park
street together with those on Webster
str. <-\ have agreed to close up s>. p at
2 o'clock to-morrow afternoon in order to
give all hands a chance to enjoy th<
bration acn Be th< bay. The busii
of Bay street will also rinse at tha.l
• yen a drug store will b»- open In
A number of the merchants
groups outside of the gates and discussed
t he affair. Naturally when the matter
ti'-'amo generally known in the shops
there was more or less subdued ex ■
merit evinced by the men, but there were
no attempts .it violence, and the Btrikers
kept mainly to themselves, finally dispers
ing, the men going their several ways to
their homes.
The officers of the Union Iron Works
have been summoned to discuss the mat
ter, and after this meeting some ulti
matum may be iBSUed to the strikers. In
the meantime the latter will direct thi ir
efforts toward inducing the men who have
nfii y>.-t j"incil In the movemem to .
Immediately. They assert ;'.r,\\. they will
mereli seek to persuade them b> pointing
out thai the demands madi of the man
agement of the Union Iron Works are
just, and that no deeds of violence will be
countenanced. The leaders believe that
they will have the support of the various
associated iabnr bodies in this eitj in the
movement, and confidently declare that
ih^ men uf the several other de
partments of the iron works will lend
th^lr support to insure the puccrtis of the
strike should this become necessary.
The scale of wage." f'>r pattern makers
at the Union Iron Works has heen $3 2j
l• r day. The saint- rate formerly pr. -
vailed in the foundry. However, a few
weeks ago the foundrymen united in a de
mand for an Increase of 2~> cents per day.
At tirst the demand was refused, where
upon a strike was threatened. The man
agement of the iron works held out as
long as it could, and in every way possible
i to satisfy the men without in
creasing their wages. Finally, when they
became convinced that a strike really had
bees determined upon, t !;•■;. capitulated
and the foundrymen gained their point.
But for a short while only did peace
prevail in the big institution. It was s.p..n
made known among the men that the
foundrymen had secured a raise of ••■-
This induced the pattern makers to '.•• -
lieve that they too could be equally as
successful. Hence the strike that is now
111 progress.
Indications point to the conclusion that i
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 2tf. Is 9».
I
have decorated their places of business
and flag's :tre flying in all parts of the
city. Company G and the two parlors of
Native Sons will parade In San Francisco
on that evening and a number of other
organizations have also signified their to
ons of taking part.
The committee having In hand the ar
rangements for tendering the AJameda
members of the First California a recep
tion <in thrir return to Alameda are meet
ing with encouraging success and the boys
will have "a hot time In the old town
that night."
Alameda News Notes.
AI.AMKPA, Aug. 25.— The members of
Uameda Boat Club, who have been
gating In the aquatic sports at As
toria, are expected home to-morrow. The
members of the club will tender thorn a
r< ceptlon at their clubhouse at the foot
of Chestnut street. Five of the members
of the club returned on the Sherman.
They are 8. J. Maraton, ID. F. do Bernard!,
1! H. Hawks, Ottu C. Meyer and John G.
Hawks.
AJameda Tent No. 32 of the Maccabees
held a special review last evening for the
purpose of acting on ten applications,
makli g a total of sixteen during the week.
On next Wednesday evening the tent will
initiate twenty candidates. The celebrated
t< vii from Oakland Tent will perform the
initiatory work. A band from Golden
W< si ' amp of San Francisco will be
present.
The Bcnools were again closed to-day
to give the teachers and pupils an op
inlty to witness the parade in San
Francisco. The Public LiDrary was also
closed again to-day.
The are department was called out yes
terday afternoon in answer to a telephone
■in" for a ..re at the corner of Grand
street and Santa Clara avenue. The mes
be a hoax. Chief Krauth
■ -tigating the matter.
Lizzie Halstead, the eight-year-old child
who was cast Into the street by Mrs. Obbl
Jans on the evening of the 12th Inst., is
still being cared for by the Catholic
Ladles' Aid Society. She will be taken
•' by the Bociety pending instructions
from her uncle, who is a miner at Sonora.
WHY AN HEIRESS
OPPOSES SALOONS
Oakland Office Pan Francisco Call.
908 Broadway. Aug. 25.
THE division in the house of the heirs
of Frederick Delger over the propri
ety of leasing the property to saloon
rs has brought out an explana
tion from Mrs. Matilda Brown, the woman
who has ordered all saloon-keepers to va
cate their premises in her half of the
Delger block. Mrs. Brown declares that
i acting purely according to the lead
( her conscience, nor will she say a
word which might be construed as
nent upon the course of her .-.
Mrs. H. c. Trowbridge, who is now re
ceiving in her half of the block the Iden
tical saloon-keeper that her sister de
to k-ep as a tenant.
■'Tliis Is no new thing with me." said
Mrs. Brown. "1 became a member ol
First Baptist Church some seventeen
years ago, and only regret th.it the period
la" my membership was not longer. Fur
n twenty and thirty years, or ever
was i enough to observe what
was going .in around ir.e. I held the con
viction that there Is no greater evil in the
world than the salo - conviction
has "niy bei ed as the years went
pportunlties for observa
■
"All along 1 have felt that as snr.n as
i Uow< d me I would hav< to
take • I ' obedien< • I ■ mj
• • and carry my convictions into
• ■
.-' i far as Mr. Rosenberg i.= personally
concerned I have always found him a per
fect g ' and have itmost
■ ■. ■■■■l him. Neither do I have
ilnsi the cigar stand
only against the saloon bus; ■
"Ususlly 1 am averse to saying any
thing through the newspapers, but as this
my conscience is involved
on the point of my Individual relation t i
a question of public morality I avail my
self of the opportunity to state my posi
tion and show my colors.
1 taking this position for myself I
have not a word to say about other peo
ple. That would be judging, which I have
n i right to
POE OF PRINCETON
VISITS BERKELEY
BERKELEY. Aug. 25.— John Poe of
Princeton, well known to the football
world as one of Princeton's greatest grid-
Iron heroes, was at the University of Cal
ifornia day. Poe has forsaken the
many flattering offers made to him to
coach col •-• teams this year, and has
enlisted as a private in the Sixteenth
L'nlted States Infantry. 11. is now In San
Francisco, waiting to go to the Philip
pines. He says that Princeton is very
sorry to lose Kelly this year. Kelly being
the lew coach who will help Cochran
during the coming season.
. ♦ ■
Funeral of Julia A. Bacon
OAKLAND, Aug. 25.— The funeral of
Mrs. Julia Ann Bacon, widow of the late
Henry D. Haom. took place 'his morning
from the family residence, 960 Oak Btreet
Rev. Robert Ritchie of St. Paul's Episci
pal <hurch conducting the services. The
Temple quartet, mack- up of Ben ('lark,
Clement Rowlands, H. A. Redtield and
FT. Carle ton, rendered "Rock of
' "Asleep in Jesus." "Nearer My
Thee" and "Good-night."
The pallbearers were: George W. <lmy
son. A. J. Kalston. J. W. Shanklin, I>. V.
Campbell, M. O. Blasdel, Charles D.
Haven, John M. E' gl sh an.i A. I». Wilson.
The remains, tempora^rily placed In
Tubbs' vault at Mountain View Ceme
tery, will be later Bhlpped to St. I^oins,
to be placed in the family vault.
Snow Will Pay Pardes's Judgment.
OAKLAND, Auk. 25. Mayor Snow will
pay the judgment againnt Police « >fnVpr
Pardee for using too much force In arrest
ing J. J. Fitzgerald. Judge Ogden award
ed Fitzgerald $300 and costs, but the mat
ter has been compromised for 1160. The
Mayor will pay the money out of th* ur
eent necessity fund, as he .«ays that he
ich a course to be necessary to
;. serve the standing of the police force.
: the present struggle will be much more
Bharply waged and be much more pro
longed than was the fight instituted by
the foundrymen. The Bcotts have come
to realize that they are threatened with
a very grave danger. The ease with which
1 the fnundrymen gained their first struggle
has emboldened all of the men in the big
shops. At present there are about ">OOO
• employed, and should they all join in a
movement for a demand of increased
wages the consequences would be grave
Indeed.
For several months past there has been
:. 1 disconteni among the men. even
Including the clerks, as to the wages.
Talks of strikes in various departments
have been frequent. Km until the foun
drymen took the initiative nothing defi
nite was done on the part of the men.
Even in the ease of the foundrymen mere
ly the threat of a strike was made. The
I men took the first step only.
The strike of the pattern makers was
set at a very opportune time from their
point of view. Just now the Union Iron
Works is rushed with work. In addition
to the two i'it- r battleships, the Ohio and
Wyoming, that are to be built by the
Union Iron Works, there are to be con
structed for the Government three tor
pedo boats. Th>- patterns for the machin
ery of these \arious vessels still remain
to be made, In addition to which the
, Scotts have contracts to construct the
new ferryboat for the Santa Ft Railway
1 Company and a steamer for the Hawaiian
trade. A strike just now. if of large pro
' portions or long continued, would serious
ly affect the institution. Besides this, the
' strikers claim that good mechanics are
Very scarce on this coast, and that the
T'nion Iron Works even now has difficulty
In obtaining a full quota of men. To Im
i port men from the East would require
i considerable time, and would be a meas
ure to be resorted to only as a last re
source, owing to the bad moral effect such
;, step has on mechanics here.
A few days ago some of the men em
ployed by the Union Iron Works In doing
r< pair work on the United States battle
: ship lowa entered a complaint at the La
-1 bor Council that they were being com
TO-DAY OAKLAND
WILL MOVE TO
THE BIG CITY
Business Will Close
After Noon.
VETERANS TO BE IN LINE
MERCHANTS' EXCHANGE TAKES
THE INITIATIVE.
Mayor and City Officers Will Be Es
corted by Veteran Reserves.
Butchers' Association
Will Also Parade.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Aug. 25.
Oakland has completed her preparations
for crossing the bay en masse to tak»
part in the welcome parade to-morrow
evening to the returned volunteers.
The order has gone forth that all busi
ness will be suspended at 4 o'clock to
morrow afternoon and after that hour the
policemen and a few stray owls will have
entire possession of this city. All over
town cards have been placed to-day in
store windows with the following inscrip
tion: "Trade early; we close at 4 p. m.
Saturday to join in the welcome to our
returned heroes."
The Merchants' . Exchange took this
matter in hand and after a few hours'
canvassing every store of importance had
agreed to obey the request to close early.'
The Journeymen Butchers held a con
ference last night and decided that all
the meal markets in this city shall close
at the same hour as otner stores to
morrow afternoon. The butchers will be
escorted by the Fifth Regiment Band a.nd
will parade In white caps and white
gowns. All butchers will meet at their
hall, 91S Washington street, at 5 o'clock
and will proceed to San Francisco to take
part in the parade.
Mayor Snow and nearly all the city
officials have expressed their intention of
attending in carriages and have been as
signed places in' the parade. Yesterday
the railroad agents assert that 45,000 peo
ple crossed the bay from Oakland. To
day the number wf<s not so great, but
to-morrow it is believed i?,at fully 60,000
people rum this county will cross to San
Francisco to witness the night pageantry
and electrical display.
The ferry stem has been thoroughly
demoralized for the past two days, me
railroad company being utterly unable to
cope with the situation. Yesterday and
to-day, during certain hours, trains and
boats" ran haphazard, and occasional.
more than an hour would be consumed
in crossing the bay. Last night passen
gers who left Broadway at 9 o'clock die]
not reach the city until 10:20, which is
twice the time usually occupied. Although
all trains and boats have been crowded
to the! 1 utmost capacity yet not a single
accident of any kind has occurred on this
side i-f the bay.
All Grand Army men and old soldiers
of Alameda County are invited to meet
at the City Hall promptly at 4:15 p. m.
to-morrow to . fall in with Company A,
Veteran Reserves, of Oakland, Captain C.
K. King commanding, and take part In
the. parade in iionor of the home-coming
of the California Volunteers. The Mayor
and city officials will also be escorted by
the Veteran Reserves, a place in ue
fourth division has been assigned to Oak
land.
Next Tuesday evening the veterans and
ladies of Lyons and Appomattox Relief
Corps will tender a reception and banquet
to the soldiers who have returned from
Manila and who reside in this county,
The boys will be welcomed by Hon. Mayor
Snow and Dr. George C. Pardee.
The drectors of the Golden Gate Fair
Association this morning passed a resolu
tion thai all soldiers in uniform present-
Ing tlion.-elves at the Oakland race track
to-morrow will be admitted free of chars;'.'.
■ ♦ ■
BURIED HIS CHILD
WITHOUT A PERMIT
BERKELEY, Aug. 25.— I. Vournakia, a
Greek, was arrested this morning for
burying his child without a legal permit
from the Health Officer. Vournakia lives
on Shattuck avenue, near Berkeley way.
Two days ago Ms wife gave hirtn to a
stillborn child. The father announced his
Intention of having the child Interred In
San Francisco, and was cautioned, by Dr.
H C Rowell. the city Health Officer, not
to remove the remains without a permit.
This morning Vournnkis acknowledged
that he had taken the body to San Fran
cisco for burial, and Dr. Etowel] had him
placed under arrest at once for violation
of the olty ordinance respecting the re
moval of dead bodies.
DID NOT RECOGNIZE
POLICE PEDESTRIANS
OAKLAND. Aucr. 25.— The city ordinance
requiring bicyclists to either dismount or
turn off the cement Bidewalks when pass
ing pedestrians is being enforced to the
strict letter of the law. During the past
two days no less than thirty arrests Co*.
violation 1 of this ordinance have been
made by police officers dressed in citizens'
clothes. Yesterday eighteen cyclists were
corraled by the police on the sidewalk at
the Twelfth-Street dam. and each was re
quired to put up $5 cash bail. The cases
came up In the Police Court to-day, and
in every Instance the offender either
pkaded guilty or forfeited bail. The for
nn r arc to be sentenced to-morrow.
pelled to work ten hours per day. This
they held to be In contravention of the
United States labor laws, which forbid the
working of men on any Government con
tract longer than eight hours each day.
The reply of the I'nion Iron Works to the
complaint was that the work being done
on the lowa was not a Federal contract.
as considered by the law in question. In
this the Scottfl appear to he right. How
ever this question does not enter into the
matter of the strike now in progress.
The Union Iron Works shops shut down
Thursday at noon until Monday in order
to enable the employes to participate in
the reception to the California volunteers.
Irvine M Scot: last night denied that
there was any strike at the works or that
the pattern makers had demanded an m
. rease of salary. "There is nothing in the
story," he declared.
SOME WAYS TO WED.
Manners in Which Different Races
Go at It.
Whlln there baa an yet been discovered
no country in which t he sexes do not
mate, the manner <>f going at the fatal
step la as diversified as the peoples who
practice the custom.
In Thibet marriage is considered a very
difficult and troublesome institution. It
only takes place In wealthy families. The
eldest son in a family marries and the
younger brothers are looked upon by fhe
wife as so many junior husbands. Al
though the Thibetans are not subject to
jealousy in the proportion as other na
ti.ns are where polygamy prevails, yet
the Junior husbands generally find It in
convenient to share matrimonial bliss
with their elder brother, so they gen
• rally take the hint— and their departure.
On" her -wedding day. the Danish peas
ant girl wears a simple crown of myrtle
with her national costume— varying with
the district, but always charming— and
posts of myrtle are carefully cherished
by girlish hand* through the long win
ters, In anticipation of the great evenf.
WIFE STEALING
NOT ADVISABLE
AMONG MINERS
John Raven Is Found
Not Guilty.
HE THREATENED HIS LODGER
HIS WIFE NOW SEEKING A
SEPARATION.
Coal Workers Advocate Bullets for
Men Who Lead Their Friends'
Wives Astray — Tragedy
Daily Expected.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Aug. 25.
It is not a crime in the jurisprudence of
the mining town of Tesla for one man to
threaten the life of another when such
threats are induced by the stealing of a
wife's affections
John Raven has been acquitted for the
charge of threatening the life of Antone
Hartman, but it is likely that more will
be heard of the incident, as Mrs. Raven
has flown from the. Raven nest and has
applied for a divorce.
During tht- examination the little story
underlying Ravens desire to decrease the
inhabitants of the mining town by one,
concerned Antone Hartman, a friend
\\h.,m Raven hud boarded at his h
and Raven's wife. Soon after Hartman
commenced to live with the Ravens
• T'lakings were heard between Mr. and
Mrs. Raven. Raven thought that Hart
man was altogether too attentive and ef
fusive in his behavior toward th.- hostess,
and while satisfying himself on this point
Raven became convinced that these atten
tions were not only acceptable, but were
reciprocated.
Hartman and Raven are expert miners.
A few days ago they met in the coal mines
and Raven suggested to Hartrnan that it
would he a good thing to seek lodgings
elsewhere, for if he entered the Raven
nest again there might be a tragedy.
Hartman did not take kindly to Raven's
advice, and the testimony showed thai he
was so angry that he cut up a window
screen in the home "f the Ravens and is
now under arrest for malicious mischief.
This arrest led to more quarreling, and
finally Raven repeated his suggestion as
to how Hartman could avoid dying an
early death. All the sentiment at the
mini's was in favor of Raven, and sony
of the miners who were witnesses in the
case assorted that in their opinion a man
should promptly shoot any other man
who destroyed his domestic happiness, in-
Btead of wasting threats upon him.
The magistrate declined to hold Raven
on the charge made by Hartman. Mrs.
Raven has packed up her personal i>< -
ngs ana left home to obtain a di
vorce. The people in the mining town are
living in hourly expectation of something
occurring, when Haven and Hartman
have their next quarrel.
The divorce case of the Ravens is a
I edition or a divorce case tiled some
time ago by Mrs. I'lkeii, also of Tesla.
in this case" the husband believed he had
cause to be jealous of a fellow miner, and
made life so miserable fur his wife that
she was forced to seek a separation.
Annie Skinner also hied suit to-day tor
a divorce from William Juseph Skinner,
alleging statut< ry grounds.
In the divorce case of H. J. V. Merle
against Florence R. Merle, default of de
fendant for failure to appear or answer
was entered to-day. The plaintiff was
formerly a motorman on the Alameda
electric railway, and he alleges that his
wife deserted him for another about a
year ago.
• ptain Martin Johnson was granted a
divorce from Elizabeth Johnson by J
Greene to-day on the ground of Infidelity.
These parties were married In San Fran
cisco In September of 1894. Accordinj
the captain's complaint the wife some
time ago I ifi him, transferring her affec
tions to one a. H. Borlin, who Is named
as ci '-respondent.
KICKED TO DEATH BY
HIS VICIOUS HORSE
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
BOS Hroadway, Aug. 25.
Ch.-rles H. Bayiey. aged 63 years, was
kicked to death this evening by a vicious
colt on the vacant lot adjacent to his
hump, corner of Ettie and B streets, in
:i., Watts Tract. .»,.,
According to those who picked him up
unconscious and carried him to his bed,
Bayiey bad just gone to the lot to bring
\t to the Warn for the night and In
cidentally, a.s was bJs custom, he play
fully patted the young animal. In evi
dently anything but a gentle mood the
colt turned and kicked his owner Just
above the abdomen, felling him to the
gf Dr lie Gault was promptly summoned,
hut when the physician arrived his serv
ices were no longer required and he pro
nounced Bayiey dead.
The d( c< ased was a native of New ork,
and had resided In this city a great many
years H<- was formerly connected wun
the Street Department. He leaves a
widow and four children, two daughters
•md two sons, one of whom is at present
and has been for some time past on the
Coroner Mehrmann hap taken charge of
the remains and has ordered an Inquest
to be held next Monday evening.
Cannot Lease Sidewalks.
OAKLAND Aug. 25.— Justice Stetson to
day filed a written opinion in the ca
inioDh Mangint against the city ot ualt
fiid wh.-r-m Mangini suod for 809 99
Her sole heirloom is the great oaken
dower chest, heavily clamped, and often
finely carved, that holds her goodly store
The Bayansl, who live along the tipper
Congo, have a strange custom which
makes life a burden to the married
women. Brass rods are welded into great
rings round the necks of the wives. Many
of these rings worn by the wom.-n v. i. ■
husbands are well-to-do weigh as much
as thirty pounds, and this burden must
be carried by the wretched creatures as
long as they live.
When a marriage takes place in China
tho wedding party enters the temple and
light a quantity of fireworks, including a
number of crackers. This Is supposed t i
wake the "Great Joss" from his sleep. The
priest repeats the service at expreaa
speed, the bride and bridegroom take two
little glasses of wine, and are then de
clared man and wife.
Th" Swedish bride fills her pocket with
bread, which she dispenses to every one
she meets on her way to church, cvi ry
piece she disposes of averting, as she !>e-
Ueves, a misfortune.
While the wedding service is proceeding
In Japan the bride kindles a torch and the
bridegroom lights a fire from it and bii.-na
the wife's playthings.
In New Guinea the single young
woman lets her hair hang about her shoul
ders in all its glnry; but immediately af
ter marriage she must have it cut shurt.--
Cincinnati Enquirer.
Sweet Dreams of Youth.
One of the toasts at the class supper of
th<? Mount Holyoke College seniors was
"The recognition of the divine in man."
That comes easier to a girl graduate than
it does after she has had a few years' ex
perience with a hard, cold world.— Boston
Transcript.
No Tact.
Bates— That nephew of yours called me
a blackguard.
Yates— Just like Ben; no tact about the
boy. T've always told him that the truth
was not to be spoken on all • occasions.—
Boston Transcript.
t\\ - .
damage? claimed to have been sustained
by reason of the removal of his fruit stand
from the sidewalk in accordance with a
municipal ordinance. Justice Stetson
holds that the city has control of all side
walks, and that no owner of adjacent
property has the right legally to lease
the walk to any one for any purpose
whati \ i r.
Suit on an Ancient Note.
OAKLAND, Auk. -".. -- -W. EL Still, as ad
ministrator of the estate of James Perry
Still, deceased, filed suit to-day In the
Superior Tour: against Volney W. Still
for the recovery of moneys due on a
promissory note dated March 1. 1866. This
note reads: "For value received I prom
ise to pay to James Perry Siill or order
Jiiii), with interest at 1 per cent per month
until paid. Volney W. Still." The note
has never been transferred or assigned
and t.o part of the principal sum or inter
est, the latter now amounting •■ -•
thousands of dollars, has ever been paid.
Old and Young Will Wed.
OAKLAND. Aug. 25.— County Clerk Jor
dan to-day issued marriau" licenses to
the following: Henry E3. Knglehard. Ger
man, aged 63 years, and Bessie Kelson,
English, aged 34. both of Oakland; Sher
man Charles Baldwin, native of Ohio,
aged 65 years, and Mary Elizabeth Wal
ton. New York, aged SO years, both of
Alameda: Charles Wilson. Maine, aged
36, and Josie Paijker, Wisconsin, agi
both of Oakland: David Mortensen, T'tah.
aged 2t>. of Oakland, and Par! Una Tas
sell, Indiana, aged 20, residing in San
Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of ,/^JLw^^
Very small and as easy
to take as sugar.
SEE IrAcmrD'c FOR HEADACHE - SEE
* LL tIAKI IKb FOR DIZZINESS. * LL
GENUINE WJVeR FOB BIUOUSHESS. GENUINE
GENUINE livfr for torpid liver. GENUINE
IPI LLS FOR CONSTIPATION.
WRAPPFR .l^ja " for sallow skin. WPAPPFR
tUfAITCK Iggaffl I FOR THE COMPLEXION " KAiTLS.
B . • GKPWLJJLNIC MUST HAVt SJPKATUHt.
25 Cents ! Portly VegetaDle.^^*;^^:
"T^HSTTDEID OW K,EID PAPER.'
RAILROAD TRAVEL. !
I' ~ :
CALIFORNIA NORTnVESTERN RY. CO. !
LESSEE
i SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot ot" Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL. i
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. 12:35, j
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip i
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:59 :
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30. 3:30, ]
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:43, j
| 3.40. 6:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:66 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 a, m.; 1:40, 3:40. 6:05, I
j 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Paris
| tame schedule as above.
Leave i Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
; ( April 16, ■. ■ . I
Week Sun- IsSO. Sun- , Week !
Days. j day». i Destination. days. | Days, j
! 7:30 am | S:00 ami Novato, 10:40 am' 8:40 am ■
: 3:30 pmi 8:30 am! Petaluma, I 6:05 pm, 10:25 am ;
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa R-;*a. 7:35 pml 6:20 pra j
Fulton,
' 7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am j
Heald.sburg,
Lytton,
Qeyßarvlllo,
2:30 pm 8:00 am G'.overdale, 7:25 pm 6:23 pm .
7:30 am, j Hopland and j10:25 am '
i 3:30 pm] S:00 am CJklah. ; 7:35 pmi 6:20 pra ,
1 1 I
7:30 am) 10:25 am
j? :00am Guernevllle. • 7:35pm
8:30 pm| 8:20 pra '■
7:30 am S:00 am 1 Sonoma 10:40 ami 8:40 am ;
| and
1:10 pm 5:00 prn Glen Ellen. : 6:05 pmj 6:20 pra
\ 7:30 am 8:00 am' Sebastopol. 10:40 am 110 :Z6 am !
: 8:20 pm 5:00 pm I 7:00 pm] C:2O pm ;
j Statres connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
: Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton ]
tor Lytton Springs; at Geyserville. for Skaggs ;
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
! land for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs. !
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs, 8 ida Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Titian for Vichy !
Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel '
, Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno. ;
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside; Lierley's. i
Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville. I
I ■ -..'ville, Philo, Christine, Soda Springs, |
Navarro. Whitesboro, Albion. Little River, i
I C>rr'-> Hot Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg, |
Wcstport. Usal, Wlllltts. LaytonviUe, Cum- ;
I ming's. Bell' Springs. Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, |
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
' Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bldg. .
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent, j
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERT DAY IN THE YEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:30 P. M.
DINING-ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR.
FRED HARVEY, AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL, SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE ;
RATES.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN- j
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE, 62S
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE MAIN 1531.
OAKLAND OFFICE, 1118 Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE, Ml J Street.
SAN JOSE OFFICE. 7 W. Santa Clara Street. !
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Comencins April 23. 1898.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY !
AND BAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— •*:«>. 9:30. ll:C0 a, m. ;
•1:45, 3:20, 4:00. '6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Vail and San j
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturdays !
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
• SUNDAYS— 'B:OO. '3:00. *10:tiO, 11:00, 11:30
a. m. ; 1:00, »1:45. '2:30, »4:08, 5:30. 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Raf'l Sundays.
5:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Va'.'y Sundays.
Trains marked <•> run to San Q'.ientin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS -r 5:25. •6:40. 7:55. 8:40. '10:20
a m. : 12:30. 2:15; *3:40, 4:3". 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS nn Mondays, Wednesdays ;
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 7:00. '8:00, •9:46. *10:45, «11:45
a. m. ; 1:00. 2:20. '3:30, '5:15, '6:00, 7:00, 10:15
P. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS 5:46. 6:50; 7:55, 8:55, 10:35
a. m. : 12:35, 2:45, 4:83, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00, 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 10:00, 11:10 a. m.; 12:05.
1 >. 2:40. 3:55, 5:30, 6:30, 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
3:20 p. m. Saturdavs Caiadero and way sta'ns
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and " way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— an I way sta'ns. |
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta'ns.
13
I I OF THE ,
1 I DAY CITI t$ I I
ALAMEDA COUNTY
NEWS BREVITIES
OAKLAND. Aug. 2n.— The Alameda. ln
cal carat near being derailed on First
and Clay streets this morning by running
down a horse which was being led near
the tracks by an employe of the Puget
Sound Lumber Company. The horse wag
•!ly Injured that Officer Sherry had
to shoot the animal.
The contract for carrying the United
States mail between the poatoffice and the
various depots in this city has been let
to Hutchinson & Belllngall.
A case of diphtheria is reported a-
Lewis street. The two-year-old child of
Mr. and Mr?. Berry was suddenly taken
sick yesterday afternoon and died this
morning.
Joseph Thomas applied to-day for let
ters of administration on the estate of his
wile, Annie Th< mas. who died in Alam<»
da County last April. The value of the
estate does not >>x< eed $1000. H»- asks that
letters Issued to the daughter. J>
be revoked.
Unity rhaptf-r No. 21. Order of Eastern
Star, tendered Mrs. W. Frank Pierre.
grand matron of the State organisation
a reception this evening at Magnolia Hall.
The friction among Haywards Insurance
writers has resulted in the San Francisco
Board of Underwriters suspending the in
surance rates in that town, and it is pre
dicted by some that n rate war extending
throughout the county may ensue.
EATLROAD TBJiVKL.
BAtTIIRRH PACIFIC COMPANY.
(PACiriO BTMTKM.)
■^ralm lenvc anil nr« duo to nirlto xt
s\ y fit a IS* O.
(Main Lino, Foot of Market Street)
leave — . Fboh August 2, 1839. — arrive
7:00 a Benicia, Suisun and Sacramento.... 0:13 p
7:(>Oa MarjßTille, OrotMeaud Redding via
Woodland 5:43p
7 :OOa Elmira, V&caville and Rjimsoy 8:3 Op
7>3Ua Martinez, SanKamon.VaJlcjo. Nap»,
Cftlistoga and Santa Rosa 8:1
8:00 a Atlantic Express, ogilen and Koat.. S:l3a
*:;i<»A San .lose, LlTcrmore, Stockton,
love, Sacramento, riictrrille,
MarysTille, Chico, Ued l.luff «*l»r
M:3Oa •Milton, Oakdale anil eouora 4il?ii»
B:3Ua Yoaemite Valley Tut Oakdale and
Chinese *xlHr
O:OOa Haywards, Nilta and Way Stations. I!i43a
9:OUa Martinez, Tracy, Latbrop, Stockton,
Merced end Fresno 1 Jlzlßp
ViUOa Fresno, Jtakerstielil Santa Rarliara,
Los Angeles. Demlng, El Paso,
New Orleans and East Bi4."ip
IO:OOa Vallfjo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:4 "Jp
1 1 iOOa Haywartia, Niles and Way Stations. S:4sr
12:00 m Niks, Liver more, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Visalia,
rcrterrille 4:l&p
•l:OOp Sacramento UiTsr Steamers ••:OOi»
8:00p Haywarda. Nili« and Way Stations. 0:43p
«:itor Mnrtiiiez, Sau Haiuoh, Vallejo,
>'up:i. Cal i«*r»t!», Sauta Rosa tiiio*
4iOOr Benicia, V'acaTllle, Sacramento^
Woodland. Knißhts Landing,
MarysTtlle, OroTille 10:ir»A
4:SOp Nllea, tianJodeaud Stockton 7:I-"*p
•J:T{Op Yosernite Sleeping Car for Raymond 12:13p
O-OOpT'no OwL Tracy, Fresno. Bakers-
field, Saani.l for Santa Barbara,
Lcs Angeles »:15v
IJ:80p f-'tocktOD. Merced, Fresno 12i13p
&:'Me Martinez, Tracy, Mendcta, Fresno,
MojaTo end l.us Angeles S«I-1a
B:30p Santa I'm ]tonte. Atlnntlo Kiprera
for MojnTe ami Kast «:!.■» p
■ tOOr Cbicigo-Han Francisco Special.* igden
and r.:ut 8:50p
6:OOp Haywards, NilesandSan Jose: ":■!••> v
•1:00p Vallejo 18:l5p
|7:OOp Vallejo. Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions t»:53 p
S:OSr Ore<:on 12n're8S,HaeraTneuto, Marys-
villo, Ke.l.linp, rortlami. Tnget
Hnmiil ami I'ttßt »:13»
COAST DIVISION (Narrow (iaiige).
(Foot of Market Street.)
17i43a Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Wry Stations {8:03p
8:19 a Newark, CcntcrTillc,Ban Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek.SantaCvuz and Way
■ Stations 5:50*
•3:1 3r Newark, CenterTille, Ran Joso, New
Almaden. Felton, Itouldcr Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations MO:S«U
4<lsp San Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions i 9:80*
Mi 1 3p Felton. .Santa Cmz and Way Sta-
ti.ir.n /Pi2«U
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
torn SIN maCIECO— Feet cr ««rket Street (Slip 6) —
•7:15 9:00 IIKXU.II. tl:3fl *2:03 t3:C3
•1:00 t3:CC *G:00i-.M.
fromOHIURD— FodL «f Bjo»d»»T.— "6:00 8:00 10:00 a.
tl2:00 '1:03 t3:00 "3:00 tl:00 •3:Q3f.u.
COAST VISION ,nroa<l Gauge).
(Third and Tov-uae^il Sti.)
•C:IOa Ocean View, boutu baD Franci.-co.. *oi3«p
*7iOOa San .»o«a »nil Way Statlmn (New
Almadrn Wednesdays only) »8:O0a
X?:3Oa Sunday Excursion irj Santa Cruz,
Piicitic GroTo and Principal V.'ay
Station* |S:33p
•iOOa Han .lose, Trsa Duos, Knnta Cruz,
Tacilio Ciove. Pisa JtoWcs, San
l.vis Olikpo, Surf, Lompoc and
Principal Wiiy Stations 4:loir
I«:4Oa San .lose mid Way Stations <>:.'r>A
lIiUOa San Jnae and Way Stations ...... liSOp
•Mir San Mateo. Ki-dwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. S:m .ii*e,
Uollister, Bauta Cnn, Silicas,
Monterey and l'acllio GroTe »10:36 a
•»:UOp San.ln.ie, Santa Cruz. Pacific Orote
and Prlnch.al Way Station* «7:30p
•4:15p San Joso and" Principal Way Stations U:l.">a.
•3:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations '8:33*
5::»»r Bui Joan and Way Stations "o:<>oa
G:::or San Jose and W»yBtaliona 5::i«)p
til 343 r San Jose and Way Stations t7::tOp
"~ A for Morning. 1' for Afternoon.
Sunday ezcepteil. t Sunday only. 1 Satnnlny only.
'/.Saturday and Sunday. /Sunday and Monday.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIM
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 28. 1599, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed, j Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday I ger.
Daily F.xc'ptd Exc'ptd Dally.
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton I 5:45 pm 6:00 p:n
9:10 am! 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am 5:35 pm Fresno -9:30 am 2:42 pin
11:33 am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pm
2:25 pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 am 6:25 pm Vlsalla 6:40 am 1:22 pm
12:15 pm 6:53 pml Tulare 5:60 ami 1:0 a pm
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connection*
inquire at Traffic Department. 321 Market «t..
San Francisco.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
Leave San Francisco, via Bausailto Kerry.
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23. ISM
WEEK DAYS. 9:30 a. m.. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday. Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
Ing, arriving in San Francisco at 11:29
SUNDAYS. S. 9. 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45. 2:34
and 4 p. m.
Fare S F. to Summit and Return. %l 40.
THOS COOK & SON. Acts.. 621 Market st.
/* V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
jjjjLfctrn™ '»—•"» KKAR.XY ST. Established
e3i » M iii IS3* for the treatment of Private
at ift if I)!seiis«*s, Lost Manhood. Debility or
fcjs^4r»i\i wearingon hoiiynmimliidacd
*H£ ?R' ! £u!M slvl " I->i»Pa9fS. I doctorcureswliHii
jW H "'hers fail. Try bin-.. Churges low.
l'ure»ar>iaranlrril. Call orwriie.
111-. J. *. l»mu«».\. Box 1»57, Sau Francisco.14
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
SUFINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner Of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 ..clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until ?:30 o'clock.
300 Hayes -street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
6"0 McAllister street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
fls Larkin Ftreet; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
300 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
ancient: order i OF Hibernians fj^aMJ.
in America-Officers and members, at- \V jf
tentlon: You are hereby notified to ** 'fl
a««emble at Hibernia Hall, 120 Nintlpe^gtj
«t SATURDAY EVENING, August "^f
"5 'at 7 o'clock, to participate In the parade
in honor of our California boys. Visiting
members are cordially Invited.
I. J. McCORMICK. County Pre».
p. J. KELLEHER, County Sec.
AUSTRIAN Military and Benevolent f^JL-
Association — Officers and members JaSfcEy
assemble in our hall, 507 Sutler St.. 4 i.%S'
on SATURDAY EVENING. August <?£■,£_.
26 at 6:20 o'clock, to attend the re- '"
ception parade In honor of the California
Volunteers. Fines for non-attendance. By
order of M PERICH. President.
p ' '■ >Vl< H. Rec. Secretary.
N. B.— Military Rank appear in full uni-
form without fail.
M. SABA DIN, Captain Commanding. j
J. M. RUSSELL, First Sergeant^ I
HEADQUARTERS Lincoln Post No. 1, ava |
Department of California and Nevada, ?»_*»■' c
G. A. R., 121 Eddy St., San Fran- _T__
clsco—Comrades will assemble at the post
hall at 7 p. m. sharp August 26, for escort
duty to the returning First California Volun- j
teer Infantry. By order of
GEO H ROBINSON. Post Commander.
HARRY BREWER. Adjutant.
MEMBERS o( the Uniform Rank.
Knights of Pythias, will assemble at  JH
Pythian Castle 909 Market st.. SAT- _NrSs^
URDAY, August 26. 1599. at 6:30 p. ______
m. sharp. In full uniform, including cork hel-
mets to participate in parade.
GEO. W. MONT EITH. Captain Comdg.
KnTThTS OF PYTHIAS. Attention- -*>
All members of the order are re- ,^_
uuesteii to assemble at the Pythian O<_t»'?
Cattle. 909 Market st., at 6:30 p. m.. .--»___-■*
SATURDAY, August 26, for the purpose of
t:ikir.K part in the parade. All visiting broth-
ers are courteously Invited to attend. By
order of the committee.
WILL J. BEATTY. Dlv. Marshal.
D W. SAYLOR. President.
Attest: A. J. MORRISON, j?*^
ANCIENT Order of Foresters— All mem- X ' : W7*'
bf rs of this Order are hereby invited to S T
report at headquarters, 102 O'Farrell J>\ \
Ft., on SATURDAY, Aug. 26, the even «_—» !
ing of our parade in honor of the California
Volunteers, at 6:SO o'clock • sharp. A place
in our ranks will be assigned to all by our |
Division Marshal. Brother M. MERIGAN.
H. BEAVER, President.
Attest: J. E. JOHNSON, Secretary.
SERVIAN-MONTENEGRIN Be- »
nevolent Society— All members of f£y*)
this association an.- hereby noti- , ySr*'^
lit d to assemble at PE. corner of JfJl"i!fVT> "ij
("lay and IV.Ik st*. at 6:30 sharp , I ''«'H_Ji
on the evening of the parade. ■'■JsrjQS l ,t'';
SATURDAY, August 26, to par- 'VyiHRK/'
ticipate in the celebratlori in v^iMS'u.!'/
honor of the return of the Cali- vc^K?'
fcirnla volunteers. By order of > '
MARK TASOVAZ, l'r.»s.
SPIRIDION YUCUSAVLIBVICH. Rec. Sec.
OFFICERS and members of Harmony Alliance
No. 15, St. Patrick's Alliance of America —
Assemble at K. R. B. Hall, 1133 Mission st.. J
SATURDAY EVENING. August 26, at 7
o'clock, to receive badges and participate in i
parade in honor of California Volunteers.
IRONMOLDERS 1 Union No. 164— Officers and
members will meet at their hall, 1133 Mission
St.. SATURDAY EVENING at 7 o'clock to
receive badges and participate in parade in
honor of California Volunteers. By order
JAS. W. JAMIESON, President I
JAS. McAULIFFE. Secretary.
RIGGERS' and Stevedores' Union Association — i
Al! members of this association are hereby
noti fled to assemble at their hall. SOS Mont- I
gomery st., on the evening of the parade, '
at 4:30 o'clock (SATURDAY) sharp, to par- j
ticipate in the celebration In honor of the j
return of the California Volunteers. By order :
THOS. BENS( President. j
F. E. DURHAM, Rec. Sec. .
RIGGE-RS 1 and Stevedores' Union Association— I
Refre:-hments will be served at the hall after •
the i>arad4>. By order
THOMAS BENSON, President.
THE California Debris Commission, having re- j
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic j
process from J. S. Goodwin in the Birdseye
Creek placer mine, at You Bet, Nevada I
County, to deposit tailings In an old pit: from i
Mrs. E. A. Cox. In the Washington mine, at
Whisky Diggings. Sierra County, to deposit I
tailinK! 1 In Fourth Ravine, and from George i
W. Stone nnii .Tames J. Schenrich, In the Red I
Hill gra\fl mine, near Diamond Springs. El ;
Dorado County, to deposit tailings in a ra- i
vine and In Rlnggold Creek, gives notice j
that a meeting will be held at room 59, Flood
building. San Francisco, Cal., 01 September I
• 4. 1899, at 1:30 p. m. j
ACCOUNTANTS.
S. EC BALLARD, 401 Cal. St., designs, audits &
adjusts accounts for corporations &: firms.; ref.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. King, attorney at law, i
sixth floor. Chronicle building; no advance !
charges; estates, mortgages, damages, attach- i
ments, bankruptcy, ail cases; wills, contracts, •
etc.. drawn; moderate fees; call or write. I
MAGUIRE & GALLAGHER— James G. Ma- j
gulre (ex-Congressman) and James 1,. Galla- |
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law ■ --.■'■. Parrott build- J
ing, S2''-s*s Market St.; tel. South 215.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
J. R. PARKER, 916 Market St., room 67; advice j
free; charge low: business pushed.
NAGLE & NAGLE, Attorneys-at-Law, Emma
Bpreckels building, 927 Market St.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels building. 927
Market; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. >•:: Market St.. opp. Mason.
UUAHU AND ROOMS.
HOT_I-~'FAIRMOUNT— Strictly first^class": TtM
Market St., S. F. Cal.; American and Euro-
pean plan: elegantly furnished rooms, single
or en suite; board and room, $1 per day up;
FUitep without b"ard. $1 per day; single rooms.
50c: special rates by month, also to tourists.
ROOM and board on ranch near Calistnga;
lam'; orchard of fruit: plenty milk and cream;
goi . spring water; 1 ins. $6 per week. Ad-
dress P. O. box 146, ( allstoga, Napa Co., Cal.
FRUITVALE; prlv. board: extensive grounds,
Incl. orchard; Hopkins House, Hopkins and
Fruitvale nv\: cars pnss. Ad. Diamond P. O.
LAS PALM AS. 1820 Market Parlor, 2 bed-
rooms, suitable for 4: private; bath; board op.
O'FARRELL. 742— Clean, comfortable rooms;
good home cooking; special rates to gents.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant, makes advances at
lowes* rates on valuables of all descriptions.
BOARD AND ROOMS WANTED.
BOARD and room In nice private family by
gentleman: references exchanged. Address
box 1381, Call office.
.
LADY wants unfurnished room and board in
private family: location within four blocks .
of Sixth and Market -sts. ; state terms. Ad-
dress box 14' iS, Call office.
WANTED— A place to board child of 4 ; • room :
for father; central. Box 3249, Call office.
HOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
H.lni's Book Co.. 704 Mission st , -..,..: Third.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
FOR sale — a good paying business; a black-
Fin: 1 shop, tools, etc., everything complete;
a comfortable dwelling, orchard, barn, chide.
en-house; a water capacity, paying $15 per
month; object retiring: business well estab-
lished. Address R. N. CLARK, Gonzales,
.Monterey County, Cal.
BARBER hop. country, connected with bath,
' and all household furniture; In me of the
healthiest little towns on the • ' ast : rent $10
for the whole house, Call on STOLTZ, «30
Market St.
WANTED— MiIIer or engineer, to take half In-
terest in small) flour and feed mill . $Gou cash
required, Address "DUSTY," lock box 412
I'klah. Cal.
WANTED — Interest In \tlz mine; have a
new. latest improved 2-stamp mill; will put
up mill on good developed prospect: state full
.particulars. Address box 2000. Call office.
BUTCHER shop: good location; cash busine?*;
refrigerator and smokehouse: sickness cause
for selling; a bargain. Box 3235, Call office.
$200 RESTAURANT: bargain; departure cause
of sale. Mclaughlin a co., 7-rv. Market.
$1200— PARTNER wanted In g : paying hotel;
rare chance. Owner, box 3236, Call office.
PRIVATE boarding house: 15 rooms; all full;
nvrth of Market Box 1341. Call office.
TO iet— ln large market with a good transient
trade; splendid location; a stand for oyster,
poultry or butter and eggs; rent Sl6-. Apply
SONOMA MARKET, 1307 Polk Bt.
SALOON— S3SO; fixtures alone ,-th price. 12
Seventh St.. V. O. O. F. building, opp. new
• postofflce building.
RESTAURANT: good location: low rent; suit-
able for man and wife. 1941 Market st.
lIUSINESS CHAN CES-Coutln imil _ . I
CORNER store. Twenty-second and Castro sts.. |
new fixtures, for groceries and bar: good
stand. BURNHAM _ MARSH CO., 20 Mont- |
gomery st. i
ACROPOLIS chophouse, on Sutro Heights: I
cheap: going to Europe. No. 5, half a block
from baths.
FOR SALE— Grocery; full stock; fine goods;
cheap for cash. 2401 Howard st.
ADVANCES at lowest Interest: private en-
trance. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
BOARDING house and saloon for sale; cheap.
135 Folsom at.
GOOD paying inside route for sale; this paper.
Apply Call office.
$•■'"' PORK and delicacy store; well stocked:
receipts $600 month. Box 5259, Call office.
WOOD and coal yard for sale. Apply 1106
Larkin -'... bet. S and 10 a m. .
BRANCH bakery, candy. notions: 2 living
rooms; want an offer. ■"."■- Gilbert St.
For Bale, cheap 6 rooms and bath; near Van
Ness and Market; completely furnished;
rooms pay rent. Box 17. Call Branch Office. .
K>6 Eleventh St.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & <"' 1 'S.\ 412 Sacramento st. _
BARGAIN— -Meat market; S2>W: splendid local-
ity; cash business. Apply owner, 606 Castro. ,«
FOR sale— Good paying inside route on this
paper. Apply Call Bee
FOR Bale— good home bakers . particulars at
2555 Market St.. near Sixteenth. J. McEUigott.
CHEAPEST and beEt In America- Weekly j
i Call. 36 paces, sent to any address in tn» j
■ T*nlt"d States, postpaid, for **I r"*r vftT;
| CARRIAGES AND WAGONS,
, ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness, j
i etc., .heap EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st. :
100 SETS ppcond-hand harness: wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
CARPET BEATING A.ND CLEANING.
j
: WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
Ben d to SPAULDINGS Pioneer . Carpet-
beating Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
J."« MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228: lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Suiter St.;
tel. Main 394. EO. WAD !OM, Proprietor. _
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.: teL Jessie 944
J E MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th I
St.: cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission .4.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 3*"3 Golden
Gate aye.: t.d East 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
i UTICA _ Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing: a sure
i cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOI 1..
A pent. Office and factory 21 Spear st. ■
CLAIRVOYANTS AND si IK] II ILISM.
MRS. DR. CLARK.
the well-known trance medium and clair- ;
voyant may be consulted on all affairs of ,
life While entranced she will reveal every
hidden mystery; she will show you how to
overcome your enemies; remove family trou- j
b l et restore lost affections: unites the sep-
arated; recovers lost, stolen or buried prop- j
erty" locates treasures and minerals tells
your' »ntire life. past, present and future, j
while in a perfect trance: perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail; send stamp for circular j
with special term MRS DR. F. CLARK, i
1023>-j Market St., near Sixth. Always consult i
the best
I MME I.ANGE. the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future; never fails, has the greatest |
I Egyptian secret: shows picture of future hus- |
band or wifer fee, 25c and up; satisfaction to ■
everybody; lucky numbers. 1167 Market St..
bet. .Seventh and Eighth. }
MME PORTER, wonderf"' clairvoyant and]
card reader; born with double veil and second
I Bight: diagnoses disease: full life reae'lnp*: |
ladies, 50c: gpnts, $1; sittings, $1 50. 126 Turk. !
MOTHER SADIE, materializing seance to- !
I morrow 12 o'clock; 50c. 4<i9 Leavenworth st. i
! Miss -_" I_"! CARLSON; fortune teller by cards,
i palmist and planets. 28 Sixth st.. rooms 2-3. I
i GYPSY life reader, returned with renewed |
power in spiritualist reading, 25c up. _s_7th. 1
! MME HANSON, card reader and palmist: ;
| past, present, future: 25c. 148 Sixth St.. r. 12. •
| YOUR fortune told by cards. 25c; dally. 10 a. j
m. to 10 p. m ; Sun., 7 to 10 p. m. 619^ Larkn. j
I MRSC .1 MEYER. 335 McAllister, test? daily ex- ■■
I ceptWed.Sat.';2 & S p.m. ,loc&2sc;sittin_s daily, j
i A— JIOO.OiK) TO loan on diamonds, watches. jew- ;
| elry, pianos UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant, |
I MME MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 78 Fourth St.. near Mission.
i MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently; business i
! advice; names given; -■"■■ up. 6 Fourth st.
! .^!^H: SYBILLE cradle to grave; future h_s- j
band' picture, 2.'» c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st. j
I MRS 3 3 WHITNEY, trance test medium. :
j life' reader, medical clairvoyant. 232 Stockton.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Atrency: no barge un-
less successful. Room 310, 927 Market st.
p^ M **-' M '' M '* > ' M * M '***"'"*^ MM^*T""*'""T*****?''***-TT^*?^"*'**** 1 *' > ***** J "* i
DENTISTS.
._;____._^; I
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS* dental parlors. 927 I
Market St., over Cafe Zinkand— Teeth extract- i
I ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
j or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap- i
piled to the gums; the best and most artistic |
) dental work at reasonable ; rices; pure gold !
fillings from $1 up; other fillings from 50c;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and !
filled or crowned without pain: plates that fit ;
; from $4 50 up- Besh colored plates from $3 BO :
up: teeth without plates a specialty; open ■
evenings and Sundays.
A NEW ANAESTHETIC FOR PAINLESS i
DENTISTRY, SYNOI ,
Removes the pain; an application to the
gums and the nc-rves sleep, you remain wide i
I awake; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner '
; and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with- i
i out a plate: fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; plates,
! lull set, $5"; all work painless and warranted. '
I Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 M.it- ]
ket st . cor. 4th. 1111. 7, Flood bldg., you can '
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth !
without plates our specialty; gold crowns, j
i $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 60 up; of- !
fice hours, '-' a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
! p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. D.. Manager.
I DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2: bridges, $4; |
rubber or flexible plates. $3: received 8 first !
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years. '
i VAN VROOM— extraction by electric- i
ity; guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10 ;
operators: no students. 997 Market st.
DR. LUD-rUM HILL, 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
SET r,f teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. __________
i MEYER, 8 Turk: Deutscher Zahnarzt; crown
j and bridge work; open Sundays, 9t012 m.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Fillings, 50c up; crowns,
$3 up; open evenings. 850 Market st.
! DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
; S. F. DRESSMAKING School; practical meth-
ods; terms reasonable. 104 Kearny St.
i LATEST patterns lust arrived fr >m New York
I at McDowell Dressmaking School. 103 Post.
! . "* —
educational;
HKALU'S Business . illege. 24 Post St., San
I Francisco — Bookkeeping, business practice,
I shorthand, typing. languages, telegraphy,
1 English branches, civil and mining engineer-
ing, assaying, blowpipe, geology, mineralogy,
purveying, *-ic. ; electrical engineering theory.
practice, design, construct mechanical
I drawing; 25 teachers; Individual in: traction;
tOO graduates annually placed in positions;
students can enter for any course any time;
no entrance examinations; new !>u-page cala-
I loeu< free.
| AYRES' Business College. 723 Market Bt.. short-
I hand, typewriting, bookkeeping, writing, Eng-
j llsh, telegraphy; under qualified teacher: low
i rates; life scholarship, $60; catalogue.
A — THE Lyceum, accredited preparatory school
for the universities, law and medical colleges;
day .iini evening courses; references. Pre
.Ir«-dan or any Stanford professor. Phelan big.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Kills system; sunny rooms; low rates: day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Markt.
LADY teaches piano, mandolin thoroughly: 50c
an hour; excellent pianist and accompanist I
for entertainments and vocalists. 1209 Octavia,
A. L". MINER gives lessons, private or class,
j In Latin, mathematics, physics, etc.; 20 years'
experience. 3312 Green St.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, ;uech. survey. assay, ; day and eve.;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. '.'33 Market.
' M G. BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal), instructs
in shorthand: pupils by mail, 302 Montgomery.
SINGING, piano; Paris grad.: French, Spanish,
$2 mo. 530 G. G. aye., r. 5-7; hours 2 to 8.
LAW Schools, 927 Market, S. F., and 906 Broad-
way, Oakland: day and night; correspondence.
MISS Guadalupe Vallejo teaches Spanish and
English: competent; translations. 1611 Cal. St.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 305 Larkin St.. opp. City Hall.
ENGLISH literature, classes or private; special
Shakespeare classes. Mr:-. Ehrman. 1234 Bush.
PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory of
. Lelpslc; lessons. 75c. 320 Golden Gate aye.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, wrl ting;
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mission, nr.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 26, 1899.
_i_MI»LQYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. A'»Kl. 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant 56.
EMI'LOYMENT WANTED FemaIe.
FRENCH "second girl, also French nursery
governess, also number of first-class cooks, all
with best references, want situations. Leave
order with J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sut-
ter st.
EASTERN woman of 30 wishes position as
managing housekeeper; good home more of an
object than wages; city or country. 310 Ma-
son St., room 1. (
GERMAN girl wants housework: good plain
cook: reference; wages $25. Apply 342 San
Carlos aye. .
GERMAN woman wants washing, ironing and
cleaning by the day. 1651 Howard st.
POOR woman with large family of children,
being without friends, wishes to get an op-
portunity to earn sufficient to get to her own
country, Mexico. Address 775 Washington St.,
Oak land.
DANISH lady wishes position a?, housekeeper,
city or country. Ad>lr«ss A. C. box 3246, Call.
ANY one desiring a German Jewish' cook please
Inquire at 130 Fourth St., Oakland.
GERMAN woman wishes plain sewing to do at
home. £21 Mission st., room 1.
IF you're short, borrow of the respectable
house of UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. .near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6 i
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus I
and baggae to and from ferry.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages; sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
EMPLOYMENT ANTED —
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office; !
best help. 114% O'Farrell st. ; tel. 'East 426.
BY an experienced man, thoroughly under-
stands gardening, care horses, handy with
tools, etc.; exceptional references; wages rea-
sonable. Address m. C, 141 Second st.
ENGINEER and machinist, young and active;
used to any kind of stationary or traction en-
gines, dynamos or motors; Al references.
Box 3240. Call office.
SITUATION wanted to take care of horses and j
garden; good driver; can milk. Call or ad- !
dress .n'.-lfS KIECKBUSH, ISOO Union St.,
cor Octavia.
GOOD young barber wants position in this city; 1
good wages expected. Box 1381, Call. |
INDUSTRIOUS, sober and honest gentleman, |
understands the care of fine horses, cows, j
garden work, is handy with tools and has
porter's experience, desires position. Box
3245. Call.
MERCHANT wants position; speaks English,
Spanish and German; experienced as sales- |
man in Mexico, Germany and South China; :
best of references. Address box 3245, Call.
SITUATIONS wanted by man and wife, former I
understands vineyard and orchard work; wife
Al cook. Address box 1355. Call.
YOUNG man of 12 years' experience in com-
mission business, with $1000, desires a re-
sponsible position; Al references. J. A. H.. j
box 811. Oakland office Call. )
PHOTOGRAPHIC work by a man with some j
experience in most branches, climate, not
wages, chief object. Address box 3277. Call. ,
$100,010 TO loan on diamonds, watches, seal-
skins, pianos, guns. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant.
SITUATION wanted by a reliable young man
holding two bank references; either as Janitor
or watchman. Address box !?.-■<, Call office. ;
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE.^G>rman expert optician.
1071 l i Market st.. San Francisco.
FLATS TO LET.
AN elegant sunny middle corner flat; modern
Improvements; 1000 Webster st., cor. Golden |
if Gate j aye. ,
A— slS; NEW flat; .' rooms, bath. yard. 2215|
Pine St., near Fillmore. I
A LOWER bay-window lint: 4 large rooms,
bath. yard. 714 Franklin St., nr. Golden Gate.
CLAY. 1448, bet. Leavenworth and Hyde— One
of the best built fiats In the city: strictly
first-class; R rooms and bath, with extra
room In basement ; rent reasonable. Box
3243. Call office. j
CLAYTON, N72. south of Frederick — Modern
sunny flat; 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
EDDY, 629— A strictly first-class upper 8-room
fiat: very sunny; rent reasonable. Box 3244.
Call office.
FLAT hunting made ra'v with the printed
list you gel from BALDWIN & HOWELU.
10 Montgomery st.
FRANKLIN, 214— Nice clean sunny tenement;
6 rooms; modern Improvements; upper flat.
MIDDLE flat of 3 rooms. 1310 Larkin si Apply
1318 Larkin st. !
MODERN bay-window flat of 4 rooms ami
bath; rent $15. 24:. Ninth st. j
MOSS.- 30— A nice sunny upper flat of 5 rooms i
and bath. Key cor Howard and Moss. nr. 7th.
NOE, 597-599, cor. Nineteenth— 4 rooms, 13 50;
5 rooms. $17: sunny corner; water free.
THIRD, 417*.— Latest improved flats; lst.Srmi..
2 kitchens; 2d. 7 rms., one kitchen; new build- j
ing: both double bay-window sunny suits.
TWENTY-THIRD, 4073. near Castro— s sunny j
rooms; bath; large lot; $15; water free.
2 FLATS, 3 rooms each; or as a whole; rea-
sonable. 26 Derby place, off Taylor st.
$16— GOOD &-room house; large yard; good
view. 1021 Lombard st
$19 FLAT; 119 William St.. near Post and Tay-
lor; 6 rooms and bath. Apply 112 William st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TAPESTRY. Brussels carpets laid and lined.
50c. Eastern Outfitting Co., 1310 Stockton st. )
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
2ND hand Highest cash price paid. -•< Mission.
HELP WANTED FemaIe.
_riir7L\7<si£r7rc?rrT!7!7!7^^ 104 (IEARV ■
BUSINESS TO-DAY '
waitresses for Fresno, Madera, Hanford, Sac-
ramento, Stockton, Santa Cruz and city, $20
and $25; 3 chambermaids to wait, $2i); 2 cham-
bermaids, $20, country, see party here: 2
■woman cooks, $25 and $30; fancy ironer, $2..;
manglers, $15 to $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
NURSERY governess, $25. see party here; girl !
for housework on ranch, near Martinez, $20,
fare one way. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
WANTED— 2 first-, German cooks, $30;
first-class second girl; $25; fi second girls, $20.
.city and country; 10 waitresses for hotels and
'restaurants In city; 6 waitresses and cham-
bermaids for country hotels and springs;
cooks for boarding-houses in city and coun- |
try at $25 and $30; 2 German nurses, $25. $20, 1
and girls of all nationalities for general
housework for city and country at $15. $20 I
and $25. Apply to J. F. CKOSETT _ CO., !
■ 316 Sutler st.
COOK and German second girl, same house,
$25 and $18. D. CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
WOMAN with a child, Jrs per month; country.
D. CULLEN, 325 Putter St.
RESTAURANT cook, $8 per week; boarding j
hous.- cook, $26; cook for Institution, $25. D. |
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
2 GERMAN cooks, $35 each. D. CULLEN, 325.
Sutter st.
WAITRESSES registered free at HOTEL GA-
ZETTE, 26 Montgomery St., room 12.
WOMAN to work In candy, stationery and
bakery store; with little experience and ref- >
erence. 3997 Eighteenth St.; apply between j
6:30 and 7:30 a. m.
WANTED in Sacramento — Talloress, one who
understands working on jackets; good posi-
tion and home. Box 3231, Call office.
YOUNG girl to take care of child and help I
little in the kitchen: sleep at home. Call be-
tween 9 and 11 a. m., 1003 Larkin st.
WANTED— Good girl for general housework; 2
in family; wages $10 to $12. Apply 1455 Myrtle
St.. Oakland.
WANTED— Young girl to take care of chil-
dren and assist In house. Box 3233.' Call.
GIRL to wash dishes nights, Saturdays and
Sundays for board. 742 O'Farrell st.
FIRST-CLASS nurse wanted to care for 2 chil-
dren; references required. ■ Box 1380. Call.
FIRST-CLASS pants finisher. 83 Stevenson st.,
In rear. •"■ ';.;: .
WANTED — A respectable woman for light
housework. 509 Halght st.
GIRL to assist in private faintly. 375 Lexing-
ton aye., near Twenty-first and Valencia sts.
WANTED— German nurseglrl. Call 9 to 12 a.
m. at 1305 Van Ness aye.
GIRL for general housework; small family.
Apply 1414 Webster st.
GOOD woman for country; plain cooking;
wages $20, 339 Twelfth St., near Harrison.
NEAT woman to do plain cooking. 427 Lar-
kin st.
WAN — Young girl to assist in general
housework; wages $15. Address P. O. box 164,
Ban. Rafael. : •- • *-: '.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit at
276 San Jose aye.
HELP WANTED — Female. -
GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS! f ,
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. at 32% Fremont St..
are putting in the very best sewing sia-
chines and will take in several hundred more
operators on overalls; good wages. Apply to
MR. DAVIS. _____
OPERATORS on shirts; a few apprentices
taken. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 3614 Fremont
St.; take elevator.
- _____ -
WOMEN and girls— Apply Immediately. CALI-
FORNIA CANNERIES CO.. LTD.. Brannan
St., between Third and Fourth.
EXPERIENCED canners wanted: apply im-
mediately. CALIFORNIA CANNERIES CO..
LTD., Brannan at., bet. Third and Fourth.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit;
steady employment CODE - PORTWOOD
CANNING CO., Tenth and Bryant sts.
LADIES wanted everywhere to distribute sam-
ples and advertise California Orange Syrup:
$2 per day and expenses laid: cash every
week. Particulars for 2-cent stamp. *-*"'
fornla Orange Syrup Co.. San Francisco. 1 al.
HELP WANTED — Male.
GRAPES.... GRAPES grapes
164 men or boys to pick grapes, $30 per montn
and found; office fee $1. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay st. . :
' FOREMEN ••
Foreman mason, $4 50 day; 5 stone or concrete
masons, $3 50 day, country jobs; harness-
maker Upholsterer • • • • •
3 foremen for ranches.. s4o. $60, $83 and found
MURRAY & READY', 634-636 Clay St.
MURRAY & READY' PHONE MAIN SS4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT TO-DAY' FROM 7 A. M
GOVERNMENT WORK ...........
7 carpenters, free fare, S hours' work.. day
19 carpenters, different Jobs, $3. $2 00. fl clay
and found. CARRIAGE PAINTER. ENGIN-
EER, WAGONMAKER. FRUIT PACKERS.
MEN TO MAKE FRUIT BOXES, SASH
AND DOOR MAKER, CABINET-MAKERS.
MURRAY _ READY. .■:;!•.:;•■ Clay St.
MARRIED $75, $40. $35, $30 and found
3 FARMERS and WIVES.. 2 cooks and wives
3 MILKERS and wives.. CARPENTER and
wife. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
~ BIG WAGES HERE •••
18 laborers (no experience), fare 30c........?w l
12 laborers for a farm (no teaming). i>oe
fare **°
19 laborers, free fare (no experience) ...$6O
54 laborers for mines (no experience), fares
from $1 30, wages $57, $50, $45, $40. *30. with
boa rd, etc —• • •
14 teamsters, 4 horses, fare $1 4"> *w
6 teamsters, city work, haul sandstone
; $40 and found
'. sandstone cutters, boss here -.$5 day
6 stonemasons, fare paid ** 50 day
drillers, hammersmen. S. P. paes....s2 (5 day
12 laborers to clean out tunnels, free tare..sbO
5 diamond drillers for mines $3 M day
• 12 coal moners 16 blockmakers
29 laborers Manufacturing Co., fare 10c
$36 and found
12 laborers Manufacturing Co., city.s26 and fd
IM laborers and teamsters for all parts Of
California, including San Francisco, *■•:. *- aO,
$2, $1 7.". day, $40, $35, $30, $26 and found, come
mllkwagon driver, light truck teamster, city
jobs $25 and found and $10 week. Ml KRAI
6 READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
WE SHIP YOU FREE FREE FARE
To every railroad in California but one (the
one we don't ship to is Coast R. R.). DRILL-
ERS HEADERMEN. HAMMERSMEN, i
PLOW HOLDERS, MUCKERS. LABORERS,
t TEAMSTERS, SECTION, HANDS, ETC..
WAGES , -. $» DAY
Hoard and lodging, $4 50 week. WE SHIP
FREE. MURRAY & READY. f.r>.4-636 Clay st.
STABLEMEN AND HAY BALERS
9 stablemen, city and country jobs. $40. $35,
J3f>. $25. $20 and found: also gardeners, pri-
vate; IV strong men to bale hay. fare $1 $3 50
day and round; boy to drive horse for hay
press 'are Me J-">s and found
DAIRY AND FARM AND HARVEST HELP .
it milkers, buttermakei $30, $25 and found
M farm orchard and vineyard hands for all
parts of California, $35. $.".", $26. 125, $20 an
found: 27 hay and ham st hands, $2. $1 50,
jl is day and found j
: CHORE MEN AND BOYS ■
4". men and boys for chores on farms, etc., .
factories, manufacturing companies, learn I
trades, cash boy*, bakeries, elevators an ! I
bflls. learn waiting. WASH CANS. $30. m,
I*s $20 $15 $10 and $S and '.:•: I. and by the
DAY and WEEK
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay ft.
FRUITPIC KERB $30 and fd.".FRUITPICKERB
34 fruitpickers. Banking Co.. fare $1 .
$:» and found
<( fruitplckers, north, special fare. .s3o and fd
4 .' frultplckera, south, special fare.. s3o and fd
12 men and boys to pick fruit and tulea, fare
f,Oc $35 and found
S strong boys to pick fruit an.l seeds, fare
$125 ." $23 and found
f.5 ruit pickers, No. 1 ranch, fare $150 ,
$10 and found
6 fruitplckers fare 70... $30 and found
15 small boys to pick fruits, fare $3 50
$15 and found
NO EXPERIENCE REQUIRED: YOU CAN
PICK FRUITS. MURRAY & READY, 63»
and >'.:•: Clay st. '.
WE PAY YOUR FARES COME AND SEE
TO 47 SAWMILLS AND WOODS IN CALI-
FORNIA
183 laborers (no experience required) to work
in yards, mills, woods, etc., learn to run
machines, etc., $26 to $40 per month and found |
1 -Tallymen, timber fellers, head don-
key men, crosscut sawyers, mlllmen,
woodsmen, Betters for mils, mill bench
hand, wood turners, tree fellers, tie-
makers and woodchoppers by the hun-
dreds $90 $80, $70, (60, $50, $40. $30 and
found; cord $2. $150, $1 cord; ties 12e
each. MURRAY' *: READY,' 634 and
636 Clay st
BOILERMAKERS MACHINISTS
1 bollermakers, country Job $3 75 day
2 machinists, city Job $3 day
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
14 BLACKSMITHS and horseshoers for
ranches, camps, shops, etc., also helpers,
$2 50 $2 day $50, $40, 135, $30 and found
MURRAY .v READY, 634-636 Clay st.
COOKS LAUNDRY HELP BAKERS
39 cooks for hotels, restaurants, camps.
boarding houses, ranches, saloon*, govern-
ment and excursion party, $60, $50, $46, $40.
$35 $30 and found: also second and third hand
broilers and SHORT ORDER, and boarding
houses and NIGHT COOKS
WAITERS OYSTER HOUSES
34 waiters for hotels. restaurants, coffee
houses, boarding houses, mines, camps, gov-
ernment, .his. etc., $35, $30, $25, $20 and
.found
\>ISH WASHERS
53 dishwashers [nit washer?, vegetable men,
kitchen hands. $25. $20. $15 and found
PORTERS ... JANITORS ... SHOEMAKERS
7 LAUNDRYMEN $35. $30, $2:, and found
3 second. 4 third hands and boys to learn
bakery business, $35, $80, $25, $20, $15. 110 and
found .'
INSTITUTION HELP CABIN BOYS
MURRAY &READY. 684-636 Clay st
2 PAINTERS and paper-hangers, see ' boss
here; 2 foremen, grading gangs.. and found
MURRAY A READY, 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED Machinist for country. $! 50 to $3
day; 100 hop pickers, $1 per 100 or 4c bushel;
farmers for San Mateo and Santa Clara coun-
ties. $25; stableman, $25 and board and $50:
woodchoppers, $1 75 cord: 3 milkers. $25 and
$30; butter-maker. $35, no milking: dairyman
and' wife; blacksmith: blacksmiths" ' heipers:
teamsters. $1 75 and $2 day; 75 laborers for
city and country. $1 75 to $2 day; laborers for
mine. $26 and found, and others. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— SO fruit pickers to go Sunday and
Monday $1 day and board and $25 per month
and board. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sac-
ramento st.
WANTED— 2 cooks and wives. $65 and $4...
country hotels; cook and wife, miners' board-
ing-house, $45; French or Italian restaurant
cook. $50 to $.-,.1; restaurant first and second
cooks. $60. country; restaurant cooks, city. $9
and $10 week: cook, small ccuntry hotel, $80;
hotel and restaurant waiters, $25 and $30, and
$8 week; 10 dishwashers. $20, $25 and $30 and
found: vegetable men, bellboy, elevator boys
and others. J. F. CROSETT _ CO., 62S Sac-
ramento st. .
GRAPE PICKERS ,
GRAPE PICKERS GRAPE PICKERS
If. men and strong boys to pick grapes for
large vineyard company, $1 per day and
board
4-horse teamster for road $30 and found
Cartman and do chores on ranch near city,
826 and board; also farmers, milkers, cooks,
waiters, dishwashers and others. W. D.
EWER & C 0... 610 Clay st.
ANDRE'S Employment Office. 316 Stockton—
Help of every description wanted; good wages.
HEAD waiter. $30; waiter. $2. country hotels.
HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery St.
WANTED— Jeweler and diamond Fetter; steady
position to first-class man; must have good
references. Baldwin Jewelry Co., 844-546
Market St.
500 MEN— Call to-day; get a pair of shoes, some
nearly new, from 50c to $150; new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission st.,
bet. Ist and 2d sts. ; open 6 a. m. to 9 p. m.
WANTED— Faithful persons to travel: salary
1780 and expenses; permanent positions: in-
close self-addressed stamped envelope. Man-
ager, third floor, Caxton building. Chicago.
WANTED— Strong boy to work in coal yard;
must be used to horses PETERS & WAL-
DAN, Nineteenth st. and Lexington aye.
INTELLIGENT, steady boy. who wants to
learn printing trade: none jther need apply.
819 Market it., room 47. -
WANTED— Barber Saturday; day time only
and Sunday forenoon. 358 Fourth st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday; wages $3. 89
Third st. ■:' V v v
HELP WASTED — Male.
FEE FREE FEE
FARE FREE FREE FARE
10 stonemasons $3 50 a day j
25 stonemasons' helpers ....$2 to $2 50 a day
50 four-horse teamsters $2 a day
• 60 two-horse teamsters $1 75 to $2 a day
100 laborers $1 75 to $2 a day
For the Coast Railroad.
ALL FREE... ..FEE AND FREE FARE
C. R. HANSEX & CO., 104 Geary *t.
A FREE FARE....'.
Valley Road „.. Free fare
. 6 plow holders $2 15 a day
6 scraper loaders : $2 15 a day
60 four-horse teamsters $2 a day
50 laborers $175 a day
C. R. HAXSEN 4: CO., 104 Geary St.
A SILVER cleaner for a first-class hotel; $25
and found; call early.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
A BOSS for thrashing outfit, $4 a day.
Almond pickers, Contra Costa County, $1
and found.
Prune pickers, Santa Clara County, $1 and j
found.
Fruit pickers, Butte County, $1 and found.
2 blacksmiths, $40 and found; stablemen,
$26 and found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
A MARKER and distributor, $40 and found.
C. R. HANSEN St. CO., 104 Geary st.
A MEAT cook, $60; baker, $40, for private fam-
ily hotel.
____ c. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
LOUIS WIEDEMANN, the cook, please call.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
CAMP cook for a railroad camp, $50 and free
fare. C. R. HANSEX & CO., 104 Geary st.
$100 AND found for an all-round steam laundry
foreman; marker and distributor, hotel, $40 \
and found; washer, Institution, $30 and found;
mangier and make soap, $30 and found. C. R.
HAXSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
BELL boy. $16; bell boy, $10. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
SECOND cook, country hotel, $50; second baker, I
$35; pastry baker, $40; second baker, country,
$35, no Sunday work. C. R. HANSEN &
("1 >.. 104 Geary st.
EXTRA COOKS ....
EXTRA DISHWASHERS
; EXTRA KITCHEN HANDS
$4, -$3 50, $3, $2 50, $2, $1 50 a day. C. R.
HANb~N & CO., 104 Geary St.
BARBER- Steady at 1703 Devisadero, near
Slitter st. -
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 532 Third
street. •
BARBER wanted. 1805 Mission st.
WANTED — German preferred.
Call at GALLAGHER & CO.'S. Flood bldg. \
CO MAKERS for country. Apply REISS '
BROS., 24 Sutter st.
2 EXTRA waiters. Saddle Rock French restau-
rant, 119 Stockton st.
WANTED— bootblack at 316 Bush
street.
WANTED— Office boy; apply by letter; give
age. Address box 3242, Call.
WANTED— Shoemaker. Apply 4102 Nine-
teenth St., near Castro.
BAKER wanted. 923 Folsom St.
AN old, good, sober dishwasher. Apply 8 Jack-
son st.
STRONG boy to help in bakery. 2222 Bush st.
GOOD dishwasher wanted; call early. 631 Clay
street.
EXTRA waiter wanted evenings. 145 Larkin
street. '■ '•;•'■•
BUTCHER wanted who understands meat cut-
ting. 1655 Mission st. "
MAX to work half day for board and lodg-
ing. 2759 Mission st.
WANTED Good wagonmaker on new work; $3
a day. S2S Harrison st. /
MARKER and stripper a few hours dally for
laundry. Box 1238, Call Offloe.
WASHER wanted Mr hand laundry; French-
man preferred. Box 3237. Call office.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 35c to
COc. 56! Mission St.. bet. Ist and Id sts.
BOOTBLACK wanted; wages $6 per week. 38 j
Ellli St.
DISHWASHER. Nevada Restaurant. 806 Mis-
sion St.
FIRST-CLASS cashier. Call between in and 11
a. m. at Hay State- Restaurant. 23 Stockton.
BOOTBLACK; steady. 532 Kearny st. \
PANTS pressmen wanted at S. N. WOOD &
cii'S. corner Powell and Eddy sts.; 7:30 a. m.
WANTED— At once. 15 or 20 rough carpenters
at new coursing park Job, 'Ocean View; fart
WANTED— Shirt polishers at Contra Costa
Laundry, Fourteenth and Kirkham sts., Oak-
land '
TAILOR, cleaner and presaers wanted. 2519
Greenwich St.. near Presidio. j
WANTED— A man who understands his busi- |
ness as deputy organizer for one of the best
fraternal orders In the United States. Call
or address DR. W. M. PARK, 24 Sixth St.,
Ban Francisco. Cal.; office hours, 10 a. m.
to 2 p. m.
MEN wanted t"> learn barber trade in sight
weeks; only institution teaching the tonso-
rial art; constant practice: expert Instruction:
lectures on dermatology: Sat. wages-; positions
guaranteed: call or write for Illustrated cata-
logue. Mohler's Barber College, 635 Clay st.
WANTED— Teamsters to drive scrapers; wages
$1 75 and $2: board. $4 50 per 'week. Apply
E. B. STONE'S camp, near San Pablo station,
on Valley Road. _^^^^
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. r 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
SAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe,
Hawaiian Islands. Manila. Alaska. New York.
W. LANE. Shipping Agent, 504-506 Davis St.
Blacksmith's finisher, also a body
maker. Call between S and 9 a. m..' 214 Elsie
Ft., or 914 Ninth st., Sacramento. Cal.
SPINNERS wanted. Address Oregon City
— Woolen Mills, Oregon City, Or.
WOOD finisher and varnlsher: boat builder;
cart and horse. 71S Third st.
FIRST-class tailor, bushelman and talloress.
NiI 'KELSON A BERRY, Berkeley.
WANTED— First-class men to work In brick
yard at South San Francisco, San Mateo Co.
BOYS 'from 14 to IS years of age. Apply at 24«
Suttpr st.. room 14.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 13SU. Eighth st. __
PENSIONS J. H. SHEPARD A CO., attor-
neys, Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
LOANS on valuables made through Wells-Far-
go Express. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
GENT'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 50 up; sole-
ing. 30c up; heeling. 15c up. 923 Howard st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th: tel. Jessie 1164.
TRY our 15c meals; best in city. 406 McAllis-
ter st.
MEN can learn barber trade for $5 at 1542 Mar-
ket st.; free shaving in students' department.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 1"'-. 15c and 25c
per night. Lindell, Oth and Howard; read. rm.
SINGLE rooms. 15c, 20c. 25c per night; 75c, $1
to $2 50 week. Elcho House, Mr... Market St.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth,
lor a room; 25c a night; $1 a week. :
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night: reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK, Etc — Sale
MULES— One car large and one car small '
mules for sale; also pasturage for 1000 head
of stock the year round; a special field of
alfalfa, Egyptian corn and other kinds of
. feed to fatten 500 head of cattle by Jan. 1,
1900. J. M. CANTY, Gray son, Cal.
40 horses for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FANCY carriage, saddle and road horses. DAL-
7.TEL. Veterinary Dentist. 605 Go'den Gate ay.
HOUSES — LOIMJI.X; For Sale.
LODGING-HOUSE for sale; 13 rooms.
Inquire 87 Third st.
HOWARD, 715— Elegant lodging-house: 200 sun-
ny rooms; Investigate Immediately.
HOUSES TO LET.
FINE house, 6 rooms, bath, basement and
good stable. 1103 Shotwell st.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery St.
TWO fine houses in splendid condition; 3386 and
3392 Twenty-first St., cor. Guerrero; 7 and 12
rooms.
THREE-STORY bay-window house In gooj
order, with large yard and stable; 1829 How-
ard, st. Apply to the owner. E. ROBINET.
411H California st.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, silver,
pealsklns. pianos, guns. HARRIS. 15 Grant.
HOUSES TO LET— Furnished.
FURNITURE of 6-room house for sale cheap;
also house for rent. Address 904 Kearny st.
HYPNOTISM.
POST graduate hypnotic school-hospital. 325
Ellis; fee with private room, board and
treatment. $15 a week.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— On the night of the 24th, bet. the hours
of 8 and 9. on Telegraph Hill or Greenwich
St., a ladies' gold watch with a fob consist-
ing of small knife and brown glass jug. Kind-
er please return to (116 Greenwich st. and re-
ceive liberal reward.
JAPANESE pug, answering to name of Ko
Ko. Return to southwest corner Pacific aye.
and Scott st. ; $10 reward^
LOST— Scotch collie dog. female; color dark
brown. Suitable reward if returned to 808
Taylor St. I
LOST— Mining plat near ferry; reward. Ad-
dress box 3239 Call.
LOST— On Meiggs wharf, pocket book. Finder
may keep money; return papers and keys to
room >;, Winchester Hotel, aS Third Bt.
LOST— On Haight-st. car, at Powell St.. lady's
cape. Return to S4 Webster st. . reward.
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female :
diseases; all those who are Kick or discour- |
aged should call on tha doctor and state |
their case before going elsewhere; they will j
find in her a true friend; a home for patients j
with every comfort, convenience of a hospi- ;
tal and privacy of a home; consultation free
and confidential; home treatment, $5; no In-
strumentft used: satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded by MRS. DR. GWYER, 510
Eddy St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin; office hours.
10 to 12, 2 to 4 and 7 to 8. Sundays by ap-
pointment only.
A TREATMENT that never fails to restore
Instantly all cases of monthly irregularities,
frum whatever cause; guaranteed cure at of-
fice; $5 positively; no Instruments used; safe
and sure; cure at any time when others fail;
absolute success and safety guaranteed; trav-
elers helped at once; can return home same
day; save time and expense by consulting
first the only reliable ladies' physician of
long and successful practice; confidential ad-
vice free. MRS. DR. KOHL,. 1122 Market St.,
bet. Mason and Taylor. < Knee hoars, 9 a, m.
to ;■ p. m., 7 to 8 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 4.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause); safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home the
same day; no Instruments used; cure at of-
fice, $5; home in confinement; skillful medical
attention; all nan save time and expense by
consulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post st., bet.
Hyde and Larkin; hours, io to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m. ; Sundays, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
MRS. DR. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate aye.—
Expert in diseases of women; safe, quick
cure for all female complaints; private home
In confinement; every comfort; infants adopt-
ed; best of care and medical attention: in-
stant relief for travelers; all those who are
sick or discouraged should call: they will find
a true friend and adviser; consult free; self-
cure, Jfi; can be used at home.
ALL ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davle.s,
true friends of all invalids, men and women:
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided: kind sympathy ;md aid; sure relief,
though els. fp ' delicacy privacy, home.
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated: no de-
lay; self-cure sent, call or write: free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market St.,
pills, $1: very strong, $2.
IMPORTANT— A great progress In medical sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause; every woman her own physician; no
matter how long standing: travelers helped
at once; safe: call on a physician with men's
knowledge; cure, J,".; restores in one day and
prevents disgrace; can be sent; consultation
free; ladies' phvslcian. practice 37 years.
DR. POPPER. JU Kearny st.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregular-
ities, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell
has treated successfully more cases of irreg-
ularities than any other physician: never
fails to cure; consult him first, save time and
money; treatment can be used at home; con-
sultation free; rail or write. 1023 1 -. Market St.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea
and herb sanitarium, Tfi-i-TGfi Clay St., San
Francisco; .ill diseases cured exclusively by
Chinese herbs, over 3'KW varieties being used;
advice free; hours, 9.20 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 p. m.
ALL female ti, plaints cured in 24 hours; well
known, reliable, safe, sure; maternity home;
no Instruments: consultation free. confidential;
home treatment.?.".. MRS. ALLEN. 22SVanNess.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD lti:<>S.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
A— DR. AND MRS SILVA, 216% Mason St.—
Private home in confinement; ladies' friend
In trouble: terms reas. : call and be convinced.
NICE private home in confinement at the most
reasonable price in the city; infants adopted.
MRS. M. PFEIFFER, midwife. 2012 Folsom.
PRIVATE home In confinement, by German
midwife; infants adopted into good homes;
rm. f..r Invalid. 521 Eddy; phone Hyde 2553.
DU PRAE'S Female Regulating Pills; in-
efficient emmenagogue; $1 per box. RICH-
ARDS .* CO. drnexists, 408 Clay, sole agents.
! Mrs Wise, 11 Market— lnstant relief
for monthly troubles or money back: $". up.
MRS. ACHARD.. Midwife; pleasant sunny home
In conllnejnent. 1>". Second st. ; tel. Green .'.2.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 11"> Mason st.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches. Jewelry,
Plan.)? UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pnges, sent to any address in th*
United Pt-'tea or Canada one year for $1,
pngtng<* nwliV
MISCELLANEOUS For Sale.
BOILERS, en;rines. 2-hand machinery Me-
INT'iSH A WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont St.
BARS, bach bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fic furnlturf- and fixtures: new and second-
band. J. NOONAN, IQI7-1O1»-KB1-1Q*3 Mis-
sion st.. above Sixth.
BARS cunt.;-;, showcases, shelving, mirrors.
bought, sold and exchanged. L 063 Mission st.
SOMETHING most exquisite -A beautiful
lady' a diamond-set gold watch for $7"; w;,s
originally bought of Tiffany. New York, for
$1.-0. INil.r: HAKKIS 15 Grant aye.
BEAUTIFUL marquise diamond and emeralii
ring for $65; cost originally $110. UNCLE
HA KRIS. 15 Grant aye.
FOR SALE— Thoroughbred Holstein cow and
calf. Apply 'or Fourteenth aye. and R. St.,
South San Francisco.
BILLIARD tables; few remodeled, (rood as
new; cheap for cash nr Installments. THE
BRUNSWICK-BALKE CO.. :,- Market st.
PURE distilled water ice. $3 50 per ton car-
lon. ls. f. o. b. ; $4 for less: sack packing and
cartage extra. Tel. South 463. Consumers'
Ice Co., 42(1 Eighth St.. S. F.
BAY windows and single seats to rent during
the procession. HOTEL FAIRMOUNT. 1714
Market St.
GOOD square piano. $35; good upright, $115;
Weber, splendid tone, $125; $10 down, $5 per
month. 220 Post st.
A— WO SUIT tor Si". ORIGINAL MISFIT
CLOTHING PARI-OR, 513 Montgomery st.
A <:'■ 50 DERBT and Fedora hats, $1 75, Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
DESKS. office and card tables: desks exchanged,
repaired; furniture bought. 244 Stockton St.
ENGINES for automobiles: carriages, separate
parts furn. Dynamic Kng. <"0.. 1309 Mission.
BOILERS, engines, lathes, wood planers, 12-14
in. gas engine; 2d band. J. Burke, 139 Beale.
SAFES N.-.v smd second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE i'^i.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
BOILERS nnd engines, second hand: also wine
making mach'y. ECrogh Mfg. Co. .Stevenson St.
2D-HAND engines, boilers, machinery, dyna- ;
nios. bought, sold. 11. S. WHITE. BIS Mission.
SAFES Bargains in now and second-hand, all
sizes: half original cost. 119-111 Market, 3. F.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— Second-hand upright engine, io to
1* H. P., without boiler. Address Engineer.
Lock Box 41:1, Ukiah. Cal.
DO you know any tool machinery for sale?
EPSTEIN, t>4« Mission, pays commission.
"WANTED — To hire. 100 flrst-cla«s scraper teams
with harness and pead bars: long lob. K. B.
PTONE, rimhurst.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval. <jr any ether good security; payable
back in installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us first;
you will be waiteil upon quietly and quickly.
Call 6*-S9 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount of fi l^ per cent on real estate, 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, -I Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to- ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. S4G Market St.; telephone Main lt>44.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with- j
out indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
AT Nevada Loan Office. 214 Grant aye- Money
loaned on diamonds, jewelry and clothing.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANT amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates;- confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell St.
SSO'TCNSGMt.Or> lowest rues: Ist and 2d mortgs. ;
"any proposition: DRYDEN, 413- Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commSslon; private. UCK, m; McAllister st.
MONET loaned salaried people on their notes
without indorser. TOUSLET, 592 Parrott bldg.
t-p vnur nror>erty is mortgaged and yoti need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market^
OFFICES AND STOKES — To Let.
EMMA~SPRECKELS building. 927 Market st.-
Deslrable offices. $12 50 to $20.
STORE to let suitable for barber shop. etc.
Inquire 621 California st.
$11— STORE, three sunny rooms and cellar.
1008 Natoma St.. near Eleventh.
STORE suitable for drug, dry goods or any
nth«>r business- $30 SW. cor. Pacific and
Leavenworth sts. UMESEN, 14 Montgomery.
FOR rent-Store. 831% Howard st.: Just the
place for barber shop or restaurant. CRIM
* CO.. 118 Montgomery st. |
PALMISTRY.
MIiIE~NEKKG^\AKL>, i^upil of Count St. Ger-
main. 616 Geary st.. above Jones; classes:
CffW hours. 1 to 8 p m. : reading by mall. »L
PERSONALS.
TfiE Soldiers' Home, run by AUGUST
KOENCKLE, 2908 Greenwich St.. will give a
hearty welcome to all our California boys.
T. H. S — Send address to this office. A. J..
box 3275, Call office.
MARY— I got my handsome cape at the East-
ern Outfitting Co., 1306 Stockton, nr. Broad-
■ way. There you can get most anything in that
line on easy payments; open evenings. «;
FAIRMOUNT Hotel; finest view In the city:
bay-window seats from $1 up. 1714 Market
St., opp. Tenth.
PARADE— Finest view in city; half block from
reviewing stand; reserved seats. $2 (chairs);
also 6 windows. 1127 to 113} Market st.
2 WINDOWS; best view In city. Apply PA-
CIFIC RUBBER STAMP CO.. 6 Eddy st.
WINDOWS to rent on Market st. for viewing
parade. Apply room 10, l Fifth st.
WANTED— lnformation of MISS CHRISTINA
GILLIGAN of Galway; went to Australia
about 9 years ago; afterward to America. Any
one will oblige by communicating about her
with H. DACUS. Esq., Galway. Ireland.
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., Laws a Specialty
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ASSORTMENT of imported and domestic rem-
nants for suits to order. $10 75; pants, $3 75;
nothing higher. One-Price Tailoring Co.. 1644
Market St., under St. Nicholas Hotel.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel 44 Third St.. near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HAIR dressing is a high art which LEDERER
has studied to perfection; 25c only; fine win-
dow display of switches this Veek, fine ones
$1; extra fine $2 GO. 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER'S QUINTONICA is the hair tonlo
that you can depend upon: no evil results
trom Its use: 35c bottle. 123 Stockton st.
MME. LOUISE'S manicure parlor has removed
from O'Farrell to 132 Eddy St. -
RUPTURE, piles cured; examination free.
Drs. Mansfield & Porterfield. 83S Market st.
LOANS on diamonds and Jewels: low Interest:
perfect secrecy. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant.
NEW cure for Rheumatism. MRS. DR. HOP-
KINS. 895 Market St.. office 2. 5
SCHOOL children and Mexican sombrero look
nice together. Mexican Art, 114 Stockton st.
GOOD tailor-made suits at reasonable prices
by F SCHOETTLER. 529 Kearny st.
A— LADIES' tailor-made suits to order at
wholesale figures. KRAMER. 20 Sansome St.
JAMES A. SORENBEN, watchmaker and Jew-
eler, removed to 103 Sixth St.. near Mission.
BUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOSHI TANI. 313 Sutler St.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no Injec-
tion; guarantd. Dr.^Gorain.sl4 Pine.ab.Krny.
A— Ladies' or gents' clothing, furniture bought,
sold; tel. Mint 597. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
WANTED— OId gold for manufacng. O. Nolte.
Jeweler, 248 O* Fan-ell, bet. Powell & Mason.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
. United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. ...'...
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. OLIVE GRUATER, free treatment daily, 19
a. m. and 12 m. 1206 Market St., room 6.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office and residence.
1021H Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REAL. — CITY Fop Sale.
AUCTION OF INVESTMENT, RESIDENCE
fAND UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
AT SALESROOM, 11 MONTGOMERY ST.,
MONDAY, AUGUST 28, 1889,
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
322 Chestnut St., N. line 120 feet W of
Dupont; ."-story house, 9 rooms, bath, brick
foundation: street accepted; lot 20x70; subject
to confirmation by court.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
322 Fremont st., SW. line 208 feet SE. of
Folsom; residence of 13 rooms, bath; lot
22:6x100 to rear alley; subject to confirmation
by court.
BEULAH-ST. COTTAGE.
125 Feulah St.. S. line 231 feet E. of Stan-
yan; bay-window cottage, 7 rooms, bath, large
basement, brick foundation, etc.; street ac-
cepted, lot 25x1i7:6; with or without furniture,
which is complete.
BRODERICK-ST. FLATS.
625, 627 and 629 Broderick st., W. line 100
feet N. of Grove; 3 bay-window flats, 6, 6 and
5 rooms, bath, each: rents $42 50, which are
low; cement walk; street accepted; lot 25x100;
part cash; balance on easy terms.
FOLSOM-ST. INVESTMENT.
628. 530, 532 and 534 Folsom St.. NW. Una
275 feet SW. of First; choice location; rapidly
becoming manufacturing property; rents $100
per month; lot 80x80.
• . ELEVENTH-ST. FLATS. .
354 and 354H Eleventh St.. SW. line 305 feet
SE. of Folsom; 2 flats, 5 and 6 rooms, bath,
each; rents $38 per month; street accepted, lot
30x66.
DIAMOND-ST. COTTAGES.
605 and 607 Diamond St., E. line 53 feet 8. of
Twenty-third; bay-window cottages. 5 rooms,
bath, each; cement walks, etc.; lots 25x100
each; part cash; balance on easy terms.
McALLISTER-ST. COTTAGE.
JSII McAllister St., S. line 225 feet W. of
Parker aye.: bay-window cottage, 5 rooms.
bath, cement walk, etc.; lot 25x93:6; mortgage
of $700 can remain.
POND-ST. COTTAGE.
89 Pond St., E. line 1*7:6 feet S. of Sixteenth:
2-story house of 8 rooms, bath; rent $16; can be
converted Into 2 flats at small cost; cement
walk: street bituminized; lot 25x86:6; part cash,
balance on easy terms.
LOMBARD-ST. COTTAGE.
1017 Lombard St., S. line 100:6 feet E. of
Hyde: cottage, 5 rooms and bath; rent $16;
lot 21x137:6.
MISSION CORNER RESIDENCE.
4401 Eighteenth st.. SW. corner of Eureka;
bay-window residence of 10 rooms, bath, and
parlor floor is elegantly finished in natural
wood; streets bituminized; lot 35x75.
S ANCHEZ-ST. FLATS: - : '.
1233 Sanchez st.. NE. corner of Clipper: 3
bay-window flats. 5, 5 and 4 rooms, bath, each;
rents $32 per month; lot 28x80; part cash; bal-
ance on easy terms.
LOMBARD-ST. FLATS.
409 and 411 Lombard St., S. line SO feet W.
of Dupont; 4 bay-window flats of 4 and 5
rooms, bath, each; rents $36; stone walk; brick
foundation; street accepted; lot 40x90.
INSIDE INVESTMENT.
1426 California St., N. line- 75 feet E. of Lai
kin; 3 new bay-window flats of 7, 6 and •
rooms, bath, each: rents $105; brick foundation;
cement walk; street accepted; lot 25x70:10.
For further particulars apply at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. Auctioneers,
14 Montgomery st.
ONLY one left out of 3; a bargain and a
beauty; up-to-date park home, 9 rooms; all
sunny: Carl £t.. near Stanyan; blu? Park
and Ocean cars pass, the door; Haight-st.
cars transfer at Masonic aye. : owner on
premises.
NEW HOMES
Five, 6, 7. 9 and 10 room houses, finished
with all modern conveniences, fronting • on
Waller, Pierce and Primrose sts.. from $3100
to $4500; terms to suit purchaser. F. NEL-
SON. BuiMer.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First aye.. and you wish to sell them.
call on W. J. GUNN, 410 Montgomery st.
PIXLEY st.— Lot $600: bis snap: near Union
st. THE MCCARTHY CO., CIS Market st.
REAL. ESTATE— COUNTRY Sale
FOR sale or exchange— Fifty-acre orchard at
Vacaville. C. HENDERSON, 304 Montgom-
ery st. *mi*i al ußtnaDn
AS we are m-fUnr P»d upriyht riaaos far JS
•i»:-. ir.d Si per fijecth.- ir» *«Jt yv* «T".s»ire«tti- -
f-iT-rKitt" ■approve 'tSs metaoii; rrt^es an* the
same is l: ;urcha:««»d for ail cash; bariaina
:-. r >■:•'. second-hand upri^bts upon, same eaay
-j.'-:-*~zi aad sobm good pianos for S3. $■* and
tn r moata. SHEIUtAN. CLAY & CO..
Steisway. .i-alers. corner Ksaray and Sutter
sts., San Fr-ino:.«co. and Thirtersith and
Eroadwar. Oakland.
ABS<OLrTEL'i the oldest a.-.d largest house
west -f CtUcaxa «.s KOHLER 4: CHASSTS,
-'. !S ar.d T) O' Farr»'.l *t. : ptanos, <>r?aaa md
ii. rher musical Uistrjments of all rrad^s
a-.-: p—.'-e-*: terrr.^ easy: pr.oea lowest: every-
::•.::< j.-^s;ile doce- to please and satisfy the
-. --:mer.
GOOD (qnore ptaao, J2C: ar:<:d upr.sht SXJSi
Weber. sj'.-?r.<i:i tone, J125: JH dowa, JS u«r
n-.-ath. ZXi P':-et st. -.v^ .».-:
V-" •». BADGER, 412 Saenuassta it., as-ent fcr
Fr-i_-..ns Baeta aad Hattett i Davis pianos.
J~— STEIN Vv" \ "if sspxare piaa-: ts 2rst-cias3
cocdlttea. Cal- L.:.ir. OOce. :2 St:rict^a a*.
.or aim.--st c-»w St-Haway urrijht fa=rJ«i
Etooia '.:. Flood bu; ■•::.-.#. ";grtli and M.*.rfc«t.
GOOD x>>a-~ la :n sale cheap trr cash.
WTLSOJiTS STORAGE. 17IJ Slarscst st.
A >,";'M3"2 of «::od lecoad-aaiai BBrtgata tat
sale :h-'aV: at MAtTV.vIS". 7<v> lfarit»t st.
A dECBTER £ SOX, the ptaaq for you t.i buy;
NfaatifaS new ityi*. iZACVAIS*. 7^3 Mark»t.
A B ARGAIX '— " Steteway .... ebeaa.
?'~IiMITZ. li McAllister, next Hi'cernia 3aaii-
_y - f,.-. CPHIGHT c* aTI " '-a fine condition: als-;
tfte txmaaa H-:ra-:r.z Er;s. £M McAllister st.
CHE-X.P. St*inw-j.y upr-.^ht: ! ilao the famous
K:3rr.iiajr Bros.' pianos. 21-i McAllister »t.
A— CPRIGHTS. r(D up: ta«al! meats. 1" ~ up:
rents-, s: -7 isdlowed en «ale>. Heine. IX ESXis.
- :-:m?:R. Byron M.iuzy and ;ther pianos. 2CS
Past at. t
Y.'ANTSD— 2 S.;-iire PUaos and 4 Cabinet Or-
gaeg. STRCN MAVZT. y*S Post ?t.
KN'ABE ptaaos; new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER i CHASE. O OTirr»:i St.
ECPERIOR --.-"ir.s. sitbers, eti lad r.ew H.
MCLLER. caitr. repairer. 2 Latn.im
CHEAPEST ir.d rest lr. .America— The
■■-:'■- li ;as-s. »ent :: any address in the
Catttd Siaoii rr Canada one y*ar f:r Jl.
r. ;a: 1
BEJTAITIAMJ.
CaFF. LCnOLI^-tSB Geary it; i.nr.er S to 7 ?.
.— . - Soaday, ch:i.*i*a -li.ir.er. ♦ t.> 7 p. m.
WKSTSRFEXJCTS restaurant. c^-"ee ±=.<i tern
crttn aarior. VI.TS Mirit-?t *t. ; z-:?n'.as
ROOUS FOR IBKECPI3I
A — T.'ITS 2 r.::e sunny rooms, somplete Set
- ceefc««pta«;: furniture aQ r.ew; 2 faldia*
r^ii. -z- :r. .-c.-^eri aad one tn bedroom.:, suit-
. - - far J cr i per«.-c?. Apply at shoe st:re.
■■■^ Miss-oa ft.; tet. Ist md 2i its : r»a: SI 3«1
per week
Fi>TH 3 ! ?J— New nooae; -iceiy fartrfsied suits,
: rooms; targe kitchen: act and «M w-i:;r.
FIFTH. 133 — Z foraisaed bnu.^lvf-pir.^-. s'-.l; 2.
i.l. <:r.g-l-j rooms*. 15 t.5 IT. ■
C-iA?.I, 1317 » ni-re unfurnished r:cms; bath;
• rtiet; ?a-' : yard; basement.
GOLX>EN 'J>iTE iv», »ii4 — 1 :r J famished
rooms ; *-i? range: bata: hot and ?cM wat»r.
■--■ "KORT AVEU ETI, aaar Gouglt— 3 tamiaoed
- .••»*-• >?-.~.£ rooms; 5".\
EOWAED. 754. comer Taird— Xlce raaaj ;•::•
r..=r.e'i rooms, «u::-'3: also r^oma fcr hou.se-
i<»-pinif, reasonaiie; transient.
HTTE. 123 — Sttsny rooms •-■omplet-" *:r hoose-
'*-»Tsin«: rnfiwing water: rent reasonable.
rVAXHOE. I«O Pclk. cor. Geary— Liyht. -lean.
fttsay; ftß". hkrc suites f3 to 3 r. >. r.5 up;ref.
LEtVIS, H. off Taylor, -ear Post— a newly fur-
ru»ri' i »i twdrwir: aad tttchea; itore; t'.l.
CLI; r-:id. atarwnds-. -tar.<-s. sealskis9 bought:
hi^heai: price paid. "S'iTLE HARRKUSGraat.
SIXTH. W5 ' f fftfr of a^msekeeptag rccms: raj.
bata. rir.£u-* uter; to.
■ • - ■
r.-uge'^ep*ag; T.
6T. JAMES. I_ur-na aad SfcAlHater— Caoteest,
suani'St in city; low rates; r-jmiahed iir not.
E'.-ITSH. HO. ar. Larfcttt— ComfoctabtJ fura.
■tesi* suites: also hskps. : Urms r^asocabi*.
VAX NESS iv*., ¥:■>}— Eieg-ant junny upp«r
Cocr; 1 rcrra and bath; itier rccms.
A 'W2TES~S news f:r ! -ea-j— The W«kL? CaU
U pa.?es. in wrapper. f?r --- - yea..-
ROOM* TO LET Kuril- and Cafarn.
A— BKVN3WICS: H^cse. US tilth— Rcc=J.
Xc ta n per niyit: I. 25 is C per weei. xni
i^it iouaeieeping; cpea jol a:snc
AJ= BU L'SFOP-I> (Tlse). ccr. 3ro»»i-»iy anil PoL«
<i'ii«t 1;; iiT*-'"' rocms bright md iunay.
».=*le. mtet; oiaryis nnjifi'lTS: cars i-r-ct.
AT Hrtei Fraacljco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Ecmeiiks acuae; modern service; •ie-»a-.3r:
taii ; rcccs. 5Cc ta X 30 lay. MP-5. 1. SING.
AT 12 S^coci— Nice t:ni>. -icub!* and -«■*-
becswieec- ic* rccms. r. uS per west
AT 13 Turi. ccr. Tayicr— New manst.. nstamt-
ed. «•-■-- y frcat bay-wiadew rms.; transisat.
AT N'^w 'T.-ind. 2fi 2.1— l r :<) ist-eEasja sunny rma..
13c to I! diiy: 3<jc ta *4 w«c: als^ housekeeping.
AT the Sapphire, 413 Jones St., near Ellis— New-
ly fumisaed sunn? rocnia: reasi^aabie rates.
BOHEMIA. 233 Prjst— Sunny comer suits and
slnxie r'.cms; all conven.»ecc*«: <entl£men and
fi.-r.il.es; •el'ev-it-:r; ipeclai rates tv travella*
BCRSETT. 143 Marine foid N:. 'JM4>— Fur-
oished rms.. suites. «;n*i«: zls<i uniurnish^d.
CaLIFOF.NI.V, 1424 — P^oms ia fine, private
h.ju^e f:-r rentletnen w:shla* cemfert; m^ra-
lag ooffee if des.r»-i: reisocable.
CAKSOLTOX. 12SS Market, ciir. Golden Got»
are.— c-aay cemer: weil Cora. rms. .fr cfSces.
CLJEIIENTTNA. 17^ »q.st of Tiird-3 front
s^i-ij r>:ms; upstairs.
E::T. 'JZ (United States H-tei; — Clean, neat
rcotns. Cms Jl j<! a week up.
EI-L!>. SIS — New and tlezar.'ly furr.ish*d
rooms, en tutte. douole or single.
FI~TH. 121 — Scaay cciuei' r-<:r.?; c>aa: ;rn:«-
-1 ;'<•». respectable; trunsient se-iicttsd: 1123 ta
■- ' : ;er
FESNT7EIX. House. *7 Pest— New mAaajc-mnt;
ill rrrs refurbished, suites a_id sir-ic'.*: baths.
FOTTRTH. 222H 'Palm Kaosej — First-clus «ar-
my bay-window rcoms: also siazie. Jl 23 un.
GEART. 4i~-2— Newly furntshed sunny rcoms aad
suites. S2 per week up: very iesirasle.
OEa?.T, 4<;s 'The XsrrarreJ — Ccmf:rt*bie rurx
rccs: travelers accommodate! MitS. KTES.
GRAXD EOCTHEBX, SE. cor Seventh and
Ml-^sicn eta. — Sunny rocma. en suits or single;
laiKs' parlcrs; reading rccia: elevator.
GROVE. Cl. near Octavia. — Nice sunr.y •in^:»
front room; yard and XZ sft
G?.ii>'W: TH, 1421 — 9 lar?e rcoms to let. Jl3;
2 cooma and stable P
HANCOCK K?us*. Til Mission— Select lisiiy
rocminj? hocse; SI 53 - - in per week.
HARRISOX, J2j Furnished cr unfurnished
rrr;; cheap.
HOTIX Grcrvencr. CJ tat:*, ar. Stccktsa—
Sunny suites, »ia«-;« nns. : ele-r. : fr»< batita.
EOWAfiXJt, 523 — Furnished rccms from II per
week up; also housekeeping and traasleat.
JESSIE. SOS, near Sixth— DoaSl* and sing!*
'.. :t sunny furrsisheij rooms: rent reasonable.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard—
20Q single furnished rooms to let: E>o night.
MARKET, 1-3:2. and E Fifth— New manags-
ment; nne sunny suites aad «lng!« rzcrr^a.
MINNA. 5<C. --.--- Newly furaisbed bay-
wtndow room. $1 per week; transient.
"NF/XPort." 21 Franklin, cr. Market— L.iry-
bay- win, rma. and single. 15 ap: also bskpg.
C'FaP_R£:LL. 20— Sunry turnished rwna aad
•Ocas; elevatcc: electric: ligcts: day. wk., mo.
EXNCO3I pjaes, 23. off Harriaoa bet, Firs: and
Second— P-->rm. fireplace: os<» of kitchen, fcatb-
r-?om aad wasr.ro«jni: yard; lady or mac and
wge; no children.
ROTAL House, IM EU!s st.— lncandescent
light, remdiaj roca. smokiag ran aad
ladi«s' caricr: reemj, -.- night. J3c to K»;
w»«s:. S3 to S3; mccta. 8 » S»: Aerator m
sffic- =ccr: rcrms wlta Sot. cold wat. ; bat as.
SIXTH. "3O. nr. Market. Hillsdale House— Ele-
gant fumi.-jheii rooms; «levatar; traaiiiest.
SIXTH. 423— Large sunny fr>:nt and tack rooms
with or without houjekeeptng.
SHERitAN Apartment Hcuse, a Elgtta it,
near Market— Furnished aad uar3rni3bed.
THE Data, 113 Third— A rood rooming bcas«
far geed pecple. R. HTGHES. Prcpri«tor.
THE Oiiv-r. 5«5 Folsom. ccr. «th— Suany ccm«r
— « »uit*s and singls; gas: bath: lew mangt.
CHEAPEST and best la America— The Weekly
CaU, 14 pays, sent to any address ta rh*
Catted States or Canada cr.» year for n.
pcg*ax« eafil. _^^_^
ROOMS WAA'TED.
SEWI3TG StACUI.\ES l\D SLPPLIE*.
C MONTHLT. rented: r-pa!r-d. beegtt. scU:
atackin* supplies. 143 Sixth: gtuswm Kir: ♦:.
J.L.L. Itirds bca^at. aji&, «i::h.ir jv.j. rented; re-
calrtng at Irw»«t rnr*<. PC Ffforth «t.
STORAGE A\D W.UIEHOI'SES.
CALA. Sterag* Warebocse. T. SMITH, prep..
T3 Mission; foeda ruaraatecd: tat. Clay 3.
PIERCE-P.ODOLPH Stora^w and Maying Co.
**«-*- ttl Poas. cor. PaweU: teL Maia 5713.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
PTLE?— PEXEH,rFRHILIxa:S p£U sal*. II
■ per "Box: warranted to cure all cases of ble«d-
Irjr. Itchina-. external, intsmal or prctrudinjf j
plies without fail, no matter of how ton* ;
standing. ICS Devlsa-iero 3t.. near Sutter.
THE BANK OF CALIFORNIA.
Notice is hereby ?iven to the stockholders s
of The Bank of California that the Transfer j
Books wiU be closed, from SATURDAY. Au-
?U2t 25. ts FRIDAY, 4 I, 1533; beta
dates inclusive, on aecooat ef the special [
— ee«n? of the stockholders to fee held on th« j
ia..«t named date. By order af the Board of >
Directors. ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
RCOMS tapered fro— XZ: whitened. R up: I
painting- done. Hartma.i Paint Co.. 313 3d st. ■
BAD tenants ejeotad Cot W: collections nia.le; I
city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION j
CO.. 415 M.iatirncrT st.. mums i-ll; teL 5323. j
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS, j
ALIMEDV REAL ESTATE.
FOTTR eSegaat new up-t.:-date 2-st::ry houses '
cf 7, i and i rocms and ta^i each; intcias* ■.
neijrhbcrhoTd; near scho<->! aad stations: street
work a!l cm~iete: from J3MO to J+JCO: cciy ;
R»» cajit and £13 aad $Cfl per manth: jrea: bar-
parns: cheap- lots fcr cash aad houses to let
ta ail parts at Alam-da.
p-T.iN- Let SBstJSH CW cash aad CO per month; ;
fine, nearly aew cottaye; in a sood nei^h'scr-
heed: r.ear H&a Scaool ar.d station.
JS'.'T — L.:t ITxIIj, with el-ifant residence of 1 \
-trocrs- 'a sne condition: maoadamiaed street; ;
near statten aad school: ?reat bargaia: worta :
SZZCA- as- tPrms; si-* as rent
RSOO— Lot •*:x2 i r7:ts: Sat, aew, mrdem S-rocm
cottajre; r.ear H:zh Sctocl and jtation; COO casa
ar.d C 5 p«r' month.
Jill'"— Let SSxIS; cottaie of 3 roctas; strset
werk cempi'te; near itattna; easy terms.
i\Ht(s Let 33 «^1 'i*: w.th a nne modem rot- i
ta»e <:f 3 rooms aad bath: aioe <ar-ien ; _ str«*t
work ati done: n^ar station and sohcci; n-jfl
ca»h balance IS) per month.
$2.l3ts—Si<}o cash, fc-ilar,-:* 523 per menth; lot
fflxlH. w'.th new up-ta-dit* a"w« of 7 rc<;ma
a-.: b«£h; between tread and narrcw ii^i uo :
Mcrton «t.
Sri') -COil ca'h. J2S per month: leas than;
rent: Eot Wvl3fl; elegant new 2-story, i rooms
ar.d bata, en M^rtjn St.. near Morton-it, ita- !
tion: best ba.-irain in Aiameda: elegrant reai-
ieaces cr. Saata. Clara aye. and Central aye. i
it a fci.-g-aia.
H-:uses zz Let in all ra—s of -Ma.
E. P SCOKEAX. i. CO..
1432 Pits: st.. --Mia.
ABOUT fln:jhed. moiem s-room house, ch-nc- ;
eat tocatlcn; also medem. ccttige i rcoms:
tats 50x135; easy t-»rms. Apply 153 M:iart
St.. Majt::k station. ;
a NAP— N*w E-u-- i rcccs aad bath: Itli \
liil; y-cd location: 5 minutes' walk frcm sta-
tion. Apply to W. - SCKT."X". Ixl2 Chapla. ;
IF iron want ta build, fjuy, sell or rrchangi •
-r'-certy. call J. H. YOL"NO. *2« Park st.
CKKAPFST i.-,d best ia America— The WeeWy
CaU. l"i pa~?es. seat ta 1:7 aiireas ia the ;
United rtateg. ;-''^t;j.i-!. t'*r >1 per v°ar.
ALAMEDA ROOMS .VXD BOARD.
EOHS fcr ladles in delicats health; larr» !
jroands: private MRS DP. STTNX2. :«!.* Btlt :
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS !
— i
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOB SALE. rf*JK la tie heart of town.
3tt ACRES,
■Within X 9 nrir.utes of university sreur^is: 3 :
mr.utes ;r-:m railroai station; lovely view. •
Apply ta
J J. MASOX, Real Estate. Eerkeley Station. ;
HILLZG.Vi-5 TRACT.
WHI-iIN '. MINT.TES FROM rNiTEHSITT.
5 mSLTES FROM STATIOX.
LOTS !-;>' FSST IN DEPTH.
The cheapest, caoiosst property :a. Aiameda .
Arclv CO JOSEPH J. MA-ON.
F.^al Estate, Berkeley Station.
TH" BEAUTU'I'L MACES TRACT.
The en!*" trsa street ta Oakland ia Gr^^rt st. !
■We have lots SOxCT^i en Grcv^ «t — In Cacti 12 ;
blocks that are foe sale — on tae market, aad ;
wUI fee tee bus;ae«s part of Berlceiey; do Tot !
r-.Us the cpc'rturiity; now Is the time: pur- ;
rr.-»«e at ence one of rhe<»e lots. The soii ■
a??at. D. J. TOPIN. 2121 Stanford place, op- j
pooite Berkeley Station. '
*j" ACF.ES fjr ?a:e ia siib<tivist,-n3 to suit ta !
Lafayette. Contra Costa County. -3 BtfJes i
from Oailaiat em cocaty r?ad: Santa, Fe ,
R.ailr»:ad nms thr?njrh the property-; no Z:e:
no wind; nne so£E: Sr.est bay aad fruit ia '
steoa-try ecm*s from tr.ere: eend for mac and
rarticu'.ars. D. J. TO3IN. *,'le ajj-at. 2121 !
Stanford place. Be-rkeley, Red 204; residence,
BFRKK! ROOM'S.
4 -P.ro lie" "?cttaz-; for rea;: £S: the aew "kad
complete furnifir™ -:-f whi-:ii for sale. STj. Ap- ;
ply A. M. EWIXG, 2137 Dwi«bt way. Berk»- ,
FRLITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS :
FRIITVVLE REAL - .'TITE.
LARGE ferej lets, l^'fl; only $25 down: street
wcric done: sewers, wat*r, jas. nne schcui
clcee by: aear railroad station and Oakland
electric line: half-hourly trains Co city; 3c
fare; ziorioua climate; build a horn« to suit
yourself : easy payments; no- city taies. SXN-
DICATS INVE?TIEN"r CO.. Frattvale =-.±.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS;
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLOD REAL ESTATE.
111x13(1 FEET, with neat Tottasp*; -gat In town; !
choice locality; reduced frrn C3W to l2T*n fee
quick sale. E. E. EUNCE.*}* Edwy. Oakland.
nO.*:O— OLD established business. Appl7 ta E. ■
E. SXTNCS. VA Broadway. Oakland. i
OAKL.I.VD FI"RM*HED ROOM?.
ELEGANT front bay-wtadow tstte; suitable for !
doctor; lar^e lawn. TJJ Eighth st.. OaJciand.
UVKLA.TD FTR..ITIRE FOR SALE. ;
i.s rntrwnutfcwt ta rsn frca H. scaei:iiAa». ta« j
fsr=:tu.-» •-....- nth i- Fn-an-n. O^'*l».iil. .
DIVIDEND XOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. M fSfty !
cents D*r *harej cf the Oc-anic StesgnrraMn :
Ccjnsaav. w'll te cayafcta at t.h- ofSoe of tiie ;
company. ZZ7 ..... St., oa -:.-—■ ;
day. Secterr.fcer I. 1309. Transfer books will ;
ei'^j oa Saturday, Aajrast 2S. 1339. at 13 i
o'-:iorlc ra. E. H. gHELDON. g».-retary.
LEGAL ADVERTI?EME>TS.
NOTICE ta Creditors— Estate of FATRICK :
KESt T .I.N tdecea»«d). Notice is hereby jiv»n ;
by the undersigned. Unioa Trust Company of ;
San rraaciseo 'a corporation), sxecutor of !
the estaf at PATTU<rK KEF. T »IN id-ceaaed). ;
to the cr-ditors of and all persons hscvtac .
claims ajralnst the said deoease-i. to exhibit j
them wlih the necessary vouchers, within tea ,
( I>3 > months after the first nuhllcation cf this j
node-, zi the said Union -- .!- Company, j
executor, at Its office, : M'JiiLguwaiJ ft-. ta»
tarn* bet.-!? tts pta-e for th<» transaction of ;
tee business of the said estate la the city ;
ir.d county of San Francisco, stats cf Call- :
fornia.
UNtOV TRT."?T COMPANY OF SAN "-AN-
CISCO, executor cf the estats of PATPJCS ■
KKHWIX (deeeased>.
Date-i at San Francisco. August. 1199. [
3IAB3IAGE LICENSES.
Mi— ;i?? 15cen.i«w have been issued as follows: |
Julius Cwrwinsirt aad Bertha Mazner 33-27 •
Jure* J. Edmonds and Adda. B. D<>»rr-. .*3-26 ;
Mason VT. Mather ami Ethel M- Havens. -«-31 |
Joseph G. El:ed aa<J Esther Peterson .2a-2^ ;
C. K. L.iahfcr^ic and Matt!* 3. sheet! 51-24 s
BIHSS-iA£EIA6ES-DEA!B
Birth. lit i ifni and death notices ml by i
mail will not b* inserted. Th-y must be hand*!
ia at either cf the subiUratioa orScs and be
tadors*"* Titi the name aaii resideaoe cf cer-
•ens authorlitid to bari the same published . ]
5LABBIEI)-
BALI^— COCGE— In tiim city. Ausrist 12. ISM, {
by the fiev. Dr. Charles Edward Lock*, j
Gienn A. Ball and Susan G. E»idt», botJi of ;
San Francisco.
Br'NNEH— JOHNSON— In this city. Aujrist 17. '
1333 fcv the Rsr. Dr. Ctariea Edward Locke. ;
Clarence S. Benner of Glibe. Ani., and Elva ;
F. Johnson of San Francisco*
COFFIN— HICKST2TJT— La Eerie !-y. Aujtust !
\S I^)3. at St. Mark's Ertaoocai Chun.-h. by i
. t i% r.er. Geijrye S. Swan. Bertram Hill Cof- ;
0a and Lillian M. Hickdtedt.
HK-=S"N— BORGES— Ia this city. -Aunst i. j
1339 by the Rev. Dr. Charles Eiiward L..-ckp. j
j.^Jm. C. Haswm and Ma J. Born bota uf j
San Fraacisi-o.
HAWKS— CLINE— In this city, ASfBBt 11. ISM. ■
by tha Rev. Dr. iTbaries Edward L.:-clce, Har- i
vey V Hawsu of G<sai:en. lad., and M. Gracw |
Ciine ef Miibawaki. lad.
grvroV- CL-^KK— la thi3 city, June 2i r 1335. i
fcr K 1 " H. Kerriiaa. Justice of the Peact?.
' William Edward Hicton of San Francisco aad I
Lydia. Loo«Ba Clark of Williams. Cotusa j
County. Cal.
siV\OE— FARRELL— In thU oity. Auras* 2. I
" "lsa'> by tfc« R^v. Dr. <:n.-iries Edward Lcot*. !
Robert D-." savs_re smd Eva Farrell. both; cf
Saa "Vraactsco.
ST -•"IELD— BERRT— Ia this city. Aaraat
li ISM. by the Rev. Dr. tTharles Edward '
Locke Joseoh a. Staaaield of Oakland. Cai, i
tal Mary B«rrr <X =*= Tnrvtom, I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 26. 1899.
DIED.
Boost. Cnaries ITiHsr. Frederidt C.
Gallacber. John Oisea. Amiind O.
Dahler. Eliiabeth K. O'Neill Usfait)
tman, Jan« L. Oster. Mary I.
HaiioflseU. Ncrma L Feanycook. John
Huppert. PhiUp Peterson. Idella. 11.
Lynn. May^ie P^mer. Lillian
M'oDcnald. Jam«s C. Scaiff. Catherine L. j
Mairaa. Ecward F. Shreve. MatiMa. w. ! ,
lliyie. Nellie Voes. Lcnis
Medelres. Antcnio J. Wtdeman. Dr. -.
Meiius. Elts* Zer?a. Stepten
Millar Moliie S. Zerse. Jo»ept
Mcrt^c. Joha
BOOST— Ia this city. .---:■ tfi», Charles. ;
beloved husband of Mary Eliza Boost, and
tatter <-r John and Charles Boost ia-I Jlr«. :
W. H. fictalon. a3-%d 73 years 2 months an^ |
27 days.
C7"The funeral will take pface this iia.j \
(Saturdays at - o'clook, from nls late rest- { ;
der.ee. 4277 Twenty-fifth street. Funeral prl- I ■
vate.
DL'NN— In this city. Ao<aat 23. 1559, Jane L.. j
beloved wife af Jam«> Du-an. and mother o. ;
Rltohie I_. Jane T.. Mary L. and James *.. ;
Dunn, a native cf Paisley, Scotland, ayed 4i :
y?ars and 7 months.
E7"Frtends and acquaintances are respect- |
fuliy invited to attend the funeral to-morrow ;
• Sunday*, at l.lt! o'clock, from the late res;- : ,
dec-re. *I2li Hyde street. Interment Masonic i •
Cen:et«ry. Ple««« omit Sewers.
GALUCHER- Ia Victoria, B. C. •.- Ht It, i
IS9S J'-hn Gallacher. tetoved brother of Mrs. !
J. C. MoCauiey, a native of Glasgow, Soot- (
land. a?T»d 43 years.
CT Friends aad aouuaiatances are respect- ;
fully tnvited to attend the funeral to-morr>w ;
iSurntavi, at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors \
at Halated 4 Co.. H* Mission street. Inter- i
meat Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock !
train Cram Third and Towßsesd streets.
BOILERMAKEP^ aad Iroa Shipfcuilders at ;
America. Saa Fraaou-sco Lodze No. 23. ami ;
Lodye No. S!5. are request*! to a.<sembis at
the carton cf Haisted £ Co.. i*j Mission
street, at Vi a'clocit shar?. t--mcrrow {Son- '■
■ : -iyj ta attend the funeral cf enr late ■
brother John Gallacher. Fines for noa-at-
tendaa.-e. By order of E. PATNE. Pr^is. !
H. MoNESBT. P.*c. Sec.
D VIILER— In Oakland. August IS, 1559. EJUa- ;
beth K. beloved wife cf '.----■ ;
aad mother of Albert Dahler. a nativ» of j
Germany, a^ed 29 years.
HALLOWEXI^-Ia Rc-deo. Aueu^t 23 1539. Nor- .
ma Irene, betavsd daasbter of Lbartes and ;
iddl* Hanow^U. a native of Golden Gate, .
Aiameda County, Cal., a*ed 2 years 1 month
aad 27 days.
HT'PPERT— In this city, Asgast 2t. 1330. '
Philip. bei'}T»i son o! Katartoe Kappert, and ;
brotlie'- of Henry. Victaria and Katie Hup-
pert. "Mrs. B. K. Dresser and Mrs. J. V. i
Johnson, a native- of San Franciico. azed 25 ,
years 1 months and 23 days.
ETThrt funeral will tafca place Qua iay
(Saturday* at li o'clock, from the r-sidenc- ;
cf h : s mcther. IK Shictey street, betwaea .
F^u-th and F'.fth. thence ta Third aad Town- j
send streets-, UzX o'clock train. Cremation ;
Cypress Lawn Cem.etery-
LTNN-Ia this city. Angnst 23, 1339, Ma^Ti*.
beloved ifacghter -f Ellen and the lata James
Lyna. and ftster of S:at-»r Mary Xazhocy at
Gra33 Valley. Cal.. and Kittie. Helena. The-
r-»;i anii Jainea t-ynn. a native of California, ;
**ed 17 years.
C7Fri*r.d3 aad acquaintances ir? respect- ■
fuHy lavite-i ta attend the funeral to-mcrrrw i
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from th.? residence ;
eC her mother. S3 Holly avenue, thence to St.
John's Church tf srmerly Old St. Mary's coi- ;
l^se) for aer-.-ioes. eoramcnetus at 2 o'claci. ;
Iniertnent H-jly Cress Cemetery.
M.- DONALD— In taia city. Aajrast Zt. U39, !
Jamea C. bebmd husband cf Christine M.--
Donald aad father of Jofcn A.. James J. and
Rofeeit F. M-:Dor.ald. Mrs. M. A. Wbttelaw.
Mrs M Hayes. Mrs. S. Sctextar asd the late
Daniel McDonald aad Mrs. L. Lucler. a oa-
tiv» cf L— land. age»l 18 years. 9 months and
2+ day..
£7"The fuaera! will take ptacw to-morrow j
<>uada-i. at QSSB r'ciock. from his lat? resi- ,
d.«r.oe. "217 Cortiand avenue. Interment pn-
. vTt*. in Holy Cross Cemetery.
KAHRAN— In thif city. August 23. IS», Ed-
ward F beloved son r>( Kaaaan aad tne iar.e
It^s M.ih.-i3. and brother of Mrs. W. H.
Carter and James aaii the late joiin^ B. ;
M^hrir.. a oaitre of San Matuc County, Ca.l.. ;
a«ed -2 years.
ry\nttw c' funen! h»reaft?r.
JTOTlCE— Members at AJiwaaate TrUw Nr S 3. !
I. o" P.. M.: Y:r. are hereby notified ta me-t '
at Twin Feaks Hail. Seventeenth and N>e ;
streets to-morrow *;?ar.da7i. at •» tfcSock. ta
attend the funeral of Brother Ed Mahran.
TVILLIAM R2ID. Sachem, j
T. CARROL. Chief of Records.
M.W'LE- In this city. August 24. 1*35. Nellie. ',
beloved daortter of Charles Rod Cather.ae '
Mj.?:-. and sister at Fred. John aad Georre
Mayte, a native of CaUfarnfa, as*l 22 years
ar.d 7 ai-nths.
CTFrienda and .ii*r;ua.intances ar« respect-
telly lasted w atten.i the funeral ts-morrow !
(Sunday), at DJ o'clock, frcm her late resi- ;
ctesca 4333 Twer.ty-ifth sort**, between Dia-
mond and Doegbuw. la-erment Cypress Lawn .
Cemetery b» carnal".
MEDEIROS— Ia C-aklaa.l. August 1". BH, Aa- ;
tonJa J. M»-i<ir<?s. commonly known a* Tony
WUQam*. bel.jved *on of Antonio Enf's-R.-»i?. i
aad brother of Manuel, itary and Lizzie Me- E
iieir^rt. a r..it:ve of Oakianii, ajeii 21 years •i
months aad 8 days.
ty Friends and a^uaiatances are respect-
Cttlly invited ta attend th* funeral services ;
Monday rat 2S, at 3 o'cicck. at his
Eate r-sldenoe. HS3 Atlantic street, thence
to St. Jc«eph's Portuz-aese Ctiuiea. where a ;
revtu*«J3 masa will be celebrated for the re- ,
pose of hi* soul, cemmencinff at H o'clock.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery.
MEXXt'S— la thi» city. August 24. 1535, Eliza. I
tei ;ved wtfe of the iate Gastavas 3. Msllus.
mother at Mrs. Alice R. Carter, Maud Gai-
zai» aad Warren and Crosby Mellua, and ,
iraadrr.other of Mrs. Adelaide Tumey, a na-
tive of En«Und. azed »7 years.
C?" Friend* aad acquaintances are respect- :
fully Invited to atte&i the fun-ral this <lxy \
'Saturday), at 2 oo'.ock. from her !at* resi- ;
dence. ..... between Mason and ;
Taylor. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
MILLER— In this city. August V>. 1309. Mol-
tte Z.. beloved wtfe of W. C. Miller, and ■
ixaghxtr at Patrick aad Anna Smith cf !
CloverdaJ*.
MORTON— In this city. Anmat 24, 1339, Jijfca ;
M:rt;n, a. aative of Gortam. Me.. a«ed 73
!r^7The fur.eral will take place this Aty \
-
(SafirdJtyi. at 2 o'clock, fnm his lats resi- \
deace. cortawest comer of Taylor and Elll3 I
streets. Interment strictly private. Fleod<» •
emit Sowers.
MVLLER— In this city. An rust 23. 133!?. Fred- I
•rick C beloved son cf Johanna Louisa VI .- ]
ler, a native of New York. &£*! ;3 years 7 :
months and Lj >iays. A member cf G«crg» H.
Thomas Fost No. 2. G. A. R. ; Veterans' Na- !
tlonal Guard of California, and California :
Schue'jsen Club.
CyFri»n<i3 and acquaintances ar* respect- !
i-.illv iavite-i to attend the funeral to-mrmw j
fsuriday* at 1 o'clock, frcsi the post's i
rcoms. XlO Poet, street, where funeral tcrv- ;
lr es will be held under the auspices of i
George H. Thomas Post N^. 2, G. A. R. Re- !
mains at the funeral parlors o-f H. F. Suhr i
4 Co-.. 1127 MJsstosi street, between Seventh j
and Eighth. Interment National C*metery, i
Presidlii.
OLSEN— In this city. Aux 23, 1339. Annmd OUi. I
bel-;ved husband of II L-- - M. CHsea. and I
father of Mrs. Carrie J. Jensen, a native of :
Benren. Norway, a^ed & years and t months. ;
(Chicago. lU-. papers please copy."
ij^Frien.ia ami actjuaintaaoes are r~«pect- j
fully invituii to attend the funeral t^-morrow j
(Sunday*, at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors cit I
the California Cnderta&iag Compasy, ¥)o |
Powell street, c-rraer sf Pest- •
O'NEILL— In thLs city. Auzust 24. 1339. htfiint
Btns r.t Frank and Lizzie O'Neill, and brother ;
of the late Francis O'Neill, a native .->" Saa ;
-
OSTER— In this city, August 23. 1,533. Miry 1., j
belov»<i wtfe of Edjar Oster. daughter of ;
Louis aad EJ-an Barrett, sister of m-• C. I
Dlercks, Mrs. I. BaskcO and Thomas Bar- '
rett, aad mctaer of Karriet. Kefita aad Clar-
ence -•'--. a. nativ« of California, aasd 31 j
years.
Friends and acquaintances are --»-••■■-.■ )
fu'iy invite-i to attend th« funeral this day j
• Saturday", at Id o'clock, fr-Mn the mortuary j
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com- j
pony. .- Mljaion street, near Twecty-Crst. j
Chief and members of Aifanta Council N-->.
V), D. o" P., are respectfully invited ta at- !
tend. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by '.
«-iectrio car from- corner of Elsbts»nta and j
Guerrero strs«ta at 10 30 o'clock.
PENNTODOK— Ia Berkeley, Jaia. b«Iov«d |
husband cf Anna :---:-. ■■•■■-*. brother of j
James. Wasnin.Ttan. Marzaret and "Truilam G. :
Penn;-'cook. and father of John. Wallace. laa- i
betla," Tbumas and Robert Pennycooic. a na- ;
tive of N«w Terk. a«r*l 57 years S months \
and 2S days.
UrT Notice of funeral hereafter.
PETERSON— In this city. August 23. 133"). !
Idella M.. beloved twla daujjcbter «sf Geor-^e. I
W. and M.iry Peterson, a native of San Fran- i
ciscrj. a?ed 13 mtmths and U days.
R'">>lER— la this city. Ampm 25. 1339. Lilllaa. j
Jwloved dauzhtar at Mr. and M.-« Herman j
Riimer. and ........ Jules. H'nnaa ,'
and Charlotte Rotner. a native cf Hliaoi». j
a?»vi la years and 3 months. 'Peer** aad Chi- i
ca«o. 111., and Lima. Cbio, uacers plettse ■
copy.)
CTThe funeral will taka place to-morrow |
i«uTi"la.y>. at S o'clcrk. from th- rwiiense of]
her ['"rertt*. 22^ Oak street. Intsrment Cy- j
pres.s Lawn Cemetery.
SCHIFF— In Fruitvale. Aujuat 25. 1333. Cath- :
eriae L., beloved wife of W. W. Schiff. j
danshter of Mrs. Mannlnr. and ilatli i if T. i
J. Manning, a native o* Manchester. En?- ■
la cd. aged 27 years menth and U days.
SHREVE— Ia AiamMa. Matilda W.. belo-rrl
wtfe of Geone W. abreve. and mother of i
irir.ers.-a C Marr S-. Matilda W., Ella M.. \
P.uth T. and Frank D. Shreve. a native oj ;
Virginia, ajred 47 years and J months.
C? Friends and acquaintances are respect- 1
fully invited ta attend the- funeral to-morrow •
i Sunday), at II o'clock, from tae M. E. I
Church Scuth. Santa. Clara, avenue aad Cheat-
cut street. Intertaest Mountain Visw Ceme-
tarr.
VOSS— la Grass Valley. pot 2. 1339. Louis !
Vcss. x cativ 1 * cf Germany, aged 72 years 11 ■
months and 13 days. i
WTDSMAN— Ia this city. Aairast 23. ■■ Dr.
X. widemaa. belav-rl husband at E4iw. Wide- '
niaa. aad father of Mrs. F. Pennrase and :
Hermaaa. Huxa and Wallac* Widemaa. a I
H£>RV J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Sceeesacrs t3 l"anacirr A GaTfcLsasr).
rcrvEßAi. dirsctors and KMflitr.MaßA .
» Fiiti st.. orpcatt* Hacoia *<a.ac i
X«i«ctMa<* Scuds *k 1
native of Anexbacn, Bavaria, Germany, a?*l j
S3 ysars 5 mocth3 and' il
E7Frtesda an<l acn r iaistances as members jo* '
' o* Boom Ccuncil No. It. O. C. F.. and Teach- i
ers' Mutual AW Society. ar» respectraay In- f
vit*i ta attend the funeral this day ; •--- |
or>iay). at I o'cfiaclt, from hi 3 lata r»sid»n«:e. j
VilS l^ Breast avenue. terre«c Tweary-thlnl
• and sTwwty-fenrth streeta. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.
ZEP.GA-In Oakland. Aagast 21. 1335, StHp&en. |
be!cv»d husband of Onorata Serca father of 1
Lilil-j Zersra. broch<?r-in.-Liw of L. M^sina, '
and unci>? cf J-fcn and Mary Msssina of Oak- i
land and John and Jennie Ganglia, of EI |
Dorado County, a nativ» of Italy, 10 4T i
y*ars. < Piao^rvtlle and Stmxh, Dakota papers |
pr»aj^ ccpy.)
E7Frt«aia and aciiaaintances are r»sp<»^t-
fttHy inv-.t^'i ta attend the funeral tomcarrow !
i Sunday >, at I o'clock, from his late r?si- !
dence, W. 4 S^V'inth strwc Interment at Oak- :
land.
ZKRS E— In this city. AnsrO3t .• 1339, it Ma ]
r«st<lfni:t?. tO Val«n.i:ia street. Joseph, b#iov»d ;
ha*band Oil Carolina Z^rse. a native cf .Kah- ;
ten-am- HJifis. Germany, as*i d 6 years 5
mccths and » da 73.
CT'Thi? funeral will tak» place this day |
(Saturday). a.t 1 o'clcc-k. from th* rarlors of |
H. F. iiibr & Oxi ILJ7 Mission street, be- |
• x-»^n S^'-^-nth aa.d Ei?hth- Interment Mi- !
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
U S M:ir:r_ Saa City. Mrs T Mahn«m. Spo-
F VT Baraett, La k^ine
<x W Boomer. ■..-■- i.
W L Woddrow, 3 Jose E Gallioa. Cal
Mrs W L Woodrow, Mrs E Gailios. Cal
Cal Mrs E A White. L A
W T Barton. N T F E Kensedy; S Jose
X M Laasaffla Jr. La D wr HanTm. Neb
L Lsii'.s. La M D Bai.;r. N-b
W D TiQotaoa, <^al j J T Lynch. M-»nl3
a D Heaeker. XT J D Kane. 3fcnla
H A Ca-st-er. Cal ?. Eckhardt. Dawaca
T Shaw-, Victoria : H G Hahnraa. Cal
Mrs T ~ha.T. Victoria. A S Karris, Cal
E H Kxrr-baii. Chga :H G iter»r.aon. CaX
J M WUcox, Cal Mis;* C Stgrenacn; Cal
C X i:*nr. ... X Stev»r.*2a Jr. Cal
Mrs C X Steny, L A d X Anna Cai
Miases Sreny. L A Mrs G -. Arm»6y. Cal
E C Brao-. St Paul 'MLB -.--■.
S H Btssell. Minn Mrs MLB SatUS, =as
C S Laagddn, V; : Miss SutliS, Sacta
J F Lyseh, iteala T Jonest, Hotbrsck
JD & Ka.-!#. M»cio IE J Barrett. Cal
0 Kaiser. Cal w : Tiy'-or, LlTarmore
3 B Rich. Cal ; Mlsa Taylor. Lfirarmas
W H VC:r!tn--ar.. LA A P Bym. I3"»a
J X Roll. S T Mrs A P Byrn. lava
Mrs 8 Roll. XT H C somi»rville. Cfcgn
A R Bc»i:-?. Ark C A Broirn. Da«-3ou
D C Cellar Jr. Cal Mra C A Brown, Uw-
A' G Xaacn. Cal *5n
J Hall^r.. battle A J Roefcwen, Wla
R P AQen, Seattle w M^Laui-hlia, Ca!
J F Dorra=:e. Seattle Mrs XV UcLassSLin,
W H Abbott. Cal ' Cal
lira W H Abbott. Cal G X "WTieatcti. Cal
E C Garratt. Seaitla Mrs G H Wheitsa,
T H?pkins. M-»nlo : Cal
Mrs T Hopkiaa. Cal X T .- vi- - Cal
M:« H^pkiaa, Meolo | Mrs X T Outwatir,
Miss Williams. Mentoi Cal
G A Vattmer: Cai Mlaa M Cofnn. Cal
T Bwinc. L.:s A3,? ' ' H Smtth, UKaJj
M." T Ewln?. L Ana Mrs J X Scnith, Citiah
J Marx. X T G W Haatl-y, Cal
Mrs S W Rii:k-;r, '7al Misses ci-znzley. Cal
L H Peters, L..3 Ar.^ G M Movers. Diw*!a
Mrs L H Peters. LABI Miners. Dawacrs.
E O M-N'air. X V ;O P J«nkind. i-
L McXair, XT A O'Lsary. 11l
Mrs W L Gibson. Cal P H Baakey; St L^uis
31 Mather. Cal ■ C VT Swa2*>s, Mo
Mrs M M»Uier. Cal .II A Peach, 5c L.^>ii3
J P.-at^m. Victoria >P- A Ortorn, St l^z.iza
V.W* L Rostern. PORE Scfencli, Cal
R >: H-;it'.<i*7. C s S'BLI Fuller. Tasonia.
itr« R C Hoffiday, Cai. Mrs E T Fuller, Ta-
J Weia^nhelm. Cai coma
Mrs J Wetsenhetta. Mrs E W Caarcatll.
Cal Sapo
L a avrksin. 5 J^ae - E B Ptxl«y, Cal
F B Jones. Cfcgo G - Lesier, Dtnai
W A 5->:i* Jr. Cal . L ■. Waiiacs. Aziz
■PT L VTheeler. Cal : F O W-li=. Arts
Mrs W L WlweJer. Cal tr G Tlcxiey, Nob
TV G'H^r.jha-v. Cal LE H Horsey, Shans-
X <~ M-Pik-. Cal - hai
Mr> H C McF-.is, Cai J X Jfeffis. S'aant'vii
TT EEoke, Cai ; R Graham, Lrs Arts
Mrs XV Hake, Ca! G- L Threllai. Cal
Mrs A W MorrtsonJ Mrs G L ThreHal. Cal
Steto iJ D I>lgiitaa, lio
Mr Boot, Gilr-jy : J Molri«n. Ohio ,
W E Egbert. Cat C Moirieln. Ohio
G L Pro«?t.:r, C.il Mjss A MoirieLa, Hhla
L E M?sh<?r,. L Ar.? ; Mrs X* Ziszsiernia^,
C P. Dauit'-n. Cal ! Ohio
Dr F P. Winchester, lVis» L. Diiaeabiiry,
Cai : Ohio
W Moore, Denver '• J Dtiaenbnry Ohlc
B F '"lark. Bo««?n iW W Rii:k;er. Ohio
Mrs H F Clirt, Boatß L M Baraks. Salt Ldk
E L Barkis. O«H''* I H D Mcnta-rae. Cal
Mrs E L Bi:i.i. Cal Mrs H D 'Montagu-,
L Dearth. L Ans Cal
C A Smith; L.^9 An« J P W"atktr«. Sacto
P Kvnrm-Tr-iI. Cal Mrs EC Ac person. Cal
Mrs H Smith. Ca! M:sa A Apperson. Cal
E Lin.i>y. DCron J H H»nry. - ; "
?. B Lopes, rr S X C M Wooscer, S Joa«
F P Mills. Cal E A Rix. Cai
E B J-vU-r.. Ca! . J M Lac* Jr. Cal
Mrs E B Jordan. Car ; J Hoshom. Dawjoa
W "W Chaptn. ?acto H R- Ham. Oakland
A M E.ieiraaa. L Ass p H Ba&ioek, <:»!
X Lle-wetyT:. L Xr.% W G Chaiston, L Asgr
I A Ctaaatens. L a=z.
GKA.VD HOTEL..
1 Porr»r. = L Ofcispo G Jocnstoa -.-■•
J Er*We. Sactcs [A W Fox nr»iria
W - L"r»s. Sa«tO L A Mclntssh. Cbico
W Bai#r. Wicwrs Dr L A M,:l>aa. .-oct>
M:?s M Ea.k?r, Wlnt»rs G Tatterson. i w <~al
m.- - L MerriU. feftalj Lahar..it. Sta Ci-iz
Miss I Harrison, Suisn W B Demerr, Ls Ang
W H A»h. saa Maieb F Phi»^.tor & w Cal
F G Pmtth. Sacto L H Lapfcam i v. Cal
A A Ekstrara, L<:.a^ A;sM:s W F Pptersos. Sac
G Anderson £ w. Cal J L Clark. Lc* An*
G E VrCT»ff«mt, F P-^ot. Sacta
5" W M-o.!-»7. Fr»sM Dr J McLean. Sacto
H VS Wa.'Sc^r. Wiriowa :T V CoEUaa. V;ii!ejo
J X 5 3i*s*ll, Cai ;Dr G Worrtl A w Cal
E Sn.:«». Cal FE Boric. Cbieoyj
>frs C D L^wia. Cal ;L G Roberu. Mo.iesto
Vf F Botsftjra. La An«|L, Warrsn. laekson
■ • ■
YEARS IN ROMAN NUMERALS.
Only Three Letters Will Be Required
Next Year.
"H.ive you noticed." said the pale math
ematician, "how much easier i: is going
to be, after this year, to write the num
ber of the year in Roman numerals?"
"What do I want ta write the year in
Roman numerals for?" said the ruddy
business man.
"Maybe you don't." the pale mathema
tician answered, "but notice the differ
ence. Tn Arabtc figures U ha 3 taken just
four figures to write the number of th<»
year ever since tne year l*)»> . and it will
take no more till the- year 999 ft. But in Ro
man numerals the year IflOO was\wricten
with a single letter 'jrl.' We shaH never
F»t back to one letter aguin. Now for
this v^ar i: takes nins letters,
'JIBCeCXCIX.' And. think of ;... which
we can illy remember. Then it uxsk
thirteen letters. 'MDCCCI^-vXXVriI.-
That was the hardest year to write of the
whole Christian era thus far.
"But next year. 19W. it will drop right
down to three fi?u-e^. *MCJI/ And" a
hundred and one years hence it will gn to
two letters. 'Mil.' And how lonjp do you
think it will be before another year comes
as hard to wri:e as LSSS?"
"'I don't know " said the ruddy baslnes 1 ?
man, absently. He was wondering
whether he could turn the crank of the
mes.-senzer call to the word "Police" with
out bern? noticed.
"Not till the year 2358." said the pale
mathematician. "That will be written in
Montana 'HMCCCLXXXVni, — thirteen
letters again."
The ruddy bu3in»33 man wa3 petting
more and more uneasy. "And what— what
of it?" he said.
"Why. only think.** said M pale mathe
matician, "how many gcjacfittfms of our
d«sceniant3 will never see a year so -- --
to write as 130). and how many and many
more will never see a year so long- to
write a* ISSS."
"And, what cf— what of that?'* said th*
ruddy husiness man.
"Nothing. I suppose." said th- pale
mathematician, "only things always Im
press me."— New York Tribune.
Not Exactly Growing
"Is your town gTOwinsr? asked th*
Pittsaurj man or a fellow traveler en the
"ar 11 .
"Well, no; I can't say It's growing
was the reply; "not growing- to speai of;
but it is improving in its tastes ri-rc!:
ilony." . ,
'•You mean th-» r people axe assuming i
blg-her standard?"
"I do. ----- We now set c^nanaj
?verv day from Cincinnati, and five out
of six groceries keep shredded codrlsn.
md Umfaur^er cheese. We don't ln«ik
for any buildlnz b*xim or influx of --.-;■
tts, but we'll hold our own and rratltGßiHar
work up to electric doorbells and oysters
in the half sheU."— Philadelphia Inquirer.
. — ■ m ■ .
Uaquestioaable D-Totion.
Stranzer— How iocj sine* you caught
anythicgr?
Old a— Nig ° n *° &^y rears.
Stracg-er— Then why don't yon fi3h
somewhere else?
Old man— "Well, r^n see. my sweetheart,
coming- down the hill yonder, lost a dia
mond rins- in this stream once, and she
vowed she'd never marry me till I got It
back— Jeweler' Weekly.
• — •
A Stumbling Bio .k.
Do the spelling reformers imaslrie for
a moment that a r*>al poet can ever be
tadactd to write "niraf* for "nymph?" —
Detroit JotirraL '
\.t a recent party fn Shepherd's Bush
a yoxizs lady began a sonar, "The au
tumn days- have come, ten thousand
leaves are failing.'* She ~sra.n too high.
•Ten tfaoc— ouaana she screamed,
and then stopped, "start her at fire thou
sand!" crted an auctioneer who waa pres
ent.— Tit-Bits. .."^ -?•"' ;■ : ■
NEWS OF THE REALTY WORLD
WITH the attention c£ everybody
tn San Francisco t^groesed
during- the first few a^ys of
the week with, the prepara
tions! for the reception of the
returning California ---■•.•
last --•» "days occupied in Jubilating GTer
the arrival of the soldier boys the realty
market has been, practically neglected not
only by thi public but by the broker?
themselves. Yesterday and the is. ■•
fore several of the offices were closed to
enable the clerk* employed therein to
participate in the big- celebration. How
ever, some business has been transacted,
and the a?rre?ate amount Involved
reaches - Quite respectable figure.
The largest price bid for property dur
-. the week was the c2er of J34.000 for
the Prescott Hotel property at the auc
tion sale held by Shainwaid. Buckbee *
Co. Tuesday last. Tte property is owned
by the Berghanser estate, and the sale
was for the purpose of division aaonsr
the -■-■' whom were the bid
der* of the amount named. The property
has a froruasre of »:«« ft«" on Pacific
street S2:r— feet on Montgomery avenue
and 74 feet on Keamy street, with a depth
of 10-7:11 fact and width in the rear of
L37:<i feet, with a three-story brick build
ing containing- nine stores below and 106
room 3 above, the total net rental cf which
tn 1838 was JM.2Q& 41_ The purchasers were
J G F. Bersbanser: J. H. Bergtauser
and Nathalie Hochstein. The sale was
without limit or reserve and sub^ectto
contirmation of the Superior Court.^ Tfc-i
northwest comer of Dupont and <urre«rn
«;reeti> »:*% feet on Green by a":i feet on
Dupont, with a two-story building, in
which are two stores and its above, was
knocked down at the fame sale to Gran
ocei Brothers for . Jia.-JtX). The remaining
piece on the catilog-ue^ a cottage on the
north side of Broadway. 35 feet east at
Taylor street, tot 22:»5xH2. with an extra
lot"ix23:<i > was sold to --' T. Giacomini tor
HBSQ-- _. . " -
Other sales reported by scainwaid.
Buc-cfcee <i Co. during the week are:
The marine view lot cvn the northwest
corner of Pacific avenue and Buchanan
street has been sold to A. Sehwabacher
for J25.00); the lot is 683x12*^% feet. The
house and lot IXZ Broadway, near Oet.i
via street, 35x100 feet, has been sold to
Dr. C. H. Weatpbal for roo). The A. J.
Raisoh hous*. 1575 Fell street, between
Central and Lyor. streets, lot 25xlflfl feet,
has been sold to George E. Morse for $20.-
OCt). The lot on the east line of Spruce
street. 52 feet south of Clay. CaxST:-? feet,
has been sold for The lot adjoining',
same size, for $1730. The lot on the east
line of Sproce street. 10H feet south of
Clay. 25x137:ti feet, for $1308. The lot on
the south line of Clay street. «74 feet east
of Spruce, SSxlOSiS 3 -* feet, for $ISO The
lot en the south line of Ckiv street. lOT'U
feet east of Laurel, 3Qxl2l:ffi£ feet, Cot
I30G0; Three lets on the west line of
Steiner street, between Greenwich and
Filbert, in the Lyons block. 25x100 feet
each, for JSCO each. Lot on the rest lin*
of Capp street, between Sixteenth and
Seventeenth, 25x105 feet. JISOO. House of
two flats on the west lint of Devisadero
street. 73 feet north of HcAliistsr. 21x100
feet. SWOO.
David Bush, manager ni the cour.trv de
partment of G. H. Umbscß & Co., has «old
to a San Francisco business man a tine
villa site at Fair Oaks, in San Mateo
County. The place is seven and a naif
acres tn stze and the price paid was $3)00.
The seller is ilrs. llclntyre. The pur
chaser will at once have plans drawn for
an elesrar.t villa to be built on the prop
erty.
J. L. HaskeU has entered into an agree
ment to sell the premises at lit? and" HI 1 }
STORY OF THE
MARDIS MURDER
Santa Rosan Killed by a
Prospector.
ENTICED INTO THE HILLS
ROBBERY WAS THE MOTITI
FOB THE DEED.
The Slayer Me: Death i Fe— Days
Later at *■. - Hands : :
i Band of In
dians.
S-<"*i.il Dteparch. h) The Call.
SANTA ROSA. Au?. 23.— Some two or
three weeks asro a report was published
to the effect that L. W. Mardis. a former
resident of this city, had been murdered
by Indians in. the neighborhood of Kotze
bue Sound, Mardis left here a year and a
half a;rr> to seek his fortune in the north.
Mrs. 3Xardi£. who lives- about a mile out
of. town on the Guemevtlle road, to-day
received a letter from Miss Nettie Storer.
a friend, and who conducts a boarding
house at Cape Nome, gfvXzxg: full particu
lars of the Santa Rosan's death, and stat
in? that ITardis was not murdered by In
dians, as reported, but by a Southerner
by the name of Roser Pickering-, with
whom, he had ?one off on a prospectin-r
trip.
According to th<» tetter received to-day
Pickerinz and Mardis formed an ac
quaintanceship an<l one evenrnsr th« for
mer proposed to the Santa Rosa man that
they do' a little prospecting. He stated
that he knew of a promising location, but
declined to say where it was until after
they had started. To thos^ who thought
his reticence 'Pickering explained
that the new field was very rich and hs
did not propose to give the secret of its
whereabouts away.
The two men started off and tnree
we«ks Later Pickering returned alone.
When Questioned as to the whereabouts
of Mardts he stated that h» had frozen.
to death one ni^ht in a snowstorm. His
story was questioned and later on a po^se
started out in search of Mar - body.
Pickering declined to aro. saying he had
no time to spend looking- -for dead bodies,
an.i the party finally returned without
hafln? accomplished it 3 purpose.
la the meantime Pickerin? and i
your?er brother had started c" on a pros
pectin? tour up the Notacia River. About
a week after the searching party ■ .—-■'.
to Kotzebue a party of Indians came in
from that direction and reported that
both brothers had been killed. Some of
--":--. recovered from Pick
erings person after the iatter's death.
Anoc? them was his pistol and several
hundred dollars in coin. When Pickerir.j
and ilardis started away together the
latter had in his possesion some 1400.
By the death of her husband Mrs. Mar
di*"is left with, a lar?e family to support
unaidaL She has nine children residing
with her at her home near this city.
SCALE FOR RAILROAD
TELEGRAPHERS FIXED
It Will Diminish Wages in Some In
stances and Increase Them
in Others.
BARTLETT SPRINGS. A-- 23.— 8. A.
i Wort runs*. ■ statistician of the Southern
, Pacific, and a committee consisting of
l Georje Estes, chairman of the general
: board off adjusters for the Federated Rail
way Organizations, consisting of tfce O.
R. C. B. of R. T.. B. of L. F. md O. R.
T and B. A. lleyer, secretary of the
board. arrived in Bartiett
Wednesday evening. General superin
tendent Flllniore !s spending his vacatioa
here Th<i ounittee was La osuiuuion
with, him nearly all day Thursday.
On the 10th of Jane the committee be
jran the arrangement of a ne.w schedule
and code of rules, fixing the relations be
tween the railroad company and the Order
of Railroad Telegraphers, the rights' of
seniority, wages ta be paid and other de
tails ef minor importance. The agree
ment ai first prepared asked for many
concessions that the railroad company de-;
cllned to make. Many of the demands
were considered reasonable and were
, readily acceded to. As a result of tae co»
Mark street, fc<?t"weea ilason and Tay
lor, for SlaO.OO*) and the sale will be eon
■»nimated provided tiie Probare Court.
a»:tir:? en becalf c' the minor h-sirs. ap
proves the transaction.
Yon Rhein & Co. have ■■■.--
creased offer for the property on tTw cor
ner of Post and Sti>?kton streets belon?
in^ to th« late Dr. Jamvs Simpson estate
over the auction bid of JoT.SOO "and a fur
ther increase v expected soon, to be
made.
G. H. Umbsen <3: Co. recently sold the
property belonring- to the llarzraf heirs
on the aotzth sice- cf Mlssitjn street, sO feet
east of Third. lot i)x;0. for 412-500. The
same firm announces an executor's, ad
ministrator's and miscellaneous auction,
sale of city real estate to be held on lion
dar, Angost S, it noon. Fourteen piei:i:3
of property in the catalogue — lota and
residancea at 322 Chestnut street. 322 Fre
mont street. 125 Beulah street. 605 and aUT
Diamond street, 2521 McAllister street. 25
Pond street. Wl7 Lombard street. t-Sl
Eighteenth street: flats and lots at '25. £2Z
and "J2S BrO'lerick street. 324 and Zty*
Eleveuth street. tD9 and 411 Lombara
street and 1233 Sanchez street, and tmreflt
ment property at 525, 530, 033 and 524 Fcl
sorn str^fct.
Fourteen "buH'ffnz contracts were Elei
fcr tccord dunn? the weei a*sTesatln§
J03.51i. The largest waj that ol Will C.
Hayes "with Wilson & Lor.^- and G. C
Sweeney, to erect i thr-e-story frame
buildin.?, to contain e!?ht Sats and four
stores, on the south-west comer of Post
and Devisadero streets, for SCSSS. The
next largest contract was that of G-eors-e
E. Dow with Thomas Butler, for brick:
work for a buildin? on the southwest cor
ner of Natoma and First streets, for
$1i),125. Mr. Dow also let other contracts
tar the sasw buiidu:?. Lncluding- tho^i
with the S. GUeri System Company, for
concrete work, to cost J4S7I. an.d F. H.
Mason for carpenter and mill work to
cc-st $863. The other tmflding contracts
of the week were in smaller amounts,
ringing- from JIOIO to 53382:
ifle savings banks, buiidinz- associations
and pri^-ate capitalists of this city loan*!
a total of $Xfi&.255 upon the local realty for
the week - .-■-■■ IS. The total
loaned for the previous week was J4T3JSO.
The loans for the savings banfcs were as
follows: Hibemia. 199.02): German. J3«»:
San Francisco Savings Union. Jin. SO): Se
curity. JJ73O. and French, J3OOO. makinz a
total of Jl3i).oTi). The loans of the building
associations amounted to J13.500, and those
of private capitalists and others to J24.1i0.
All the loans by the Hlbernla Bank wer;
at i per cent, and most cf the others i:
Pi to 7 per cent. There was a loan [83,
--500 and another of Jl3.jO<!. the only ones
above J3CCO during- the week, since An
g^jst 13 rhe Hibernia Bank has loaned to
John T. Hill and others S2S&SM at i p-rr
cent oa the lot on the north line, of Stock
ton street. 35:9x15T:t5 feet, and fourteen
other pieces of property. The Hib<=mia
released one mart^aze of JTOJJQO on the
ISth. Total releases for ths week ending
August 13 were *ilo.iSG. against J253,t5) far
the previous week.
Hush M. Cameron reports the follOTrtn?
sales of Oakland realty: House of ten
rooms, lot 73x130. on ahattuck avenue.
Thomas J. Walsh to Leo L. Nichols. $350!?;
fc^sUs^ of eiyht rooms and lot «x!O2 feet,
on the comer of Russell and Fulton
streets. Berkeley, for -- --■ Übms to
Mrs. Ann Whlt*». J2SO): house cf six rooms
and lot 40x100 feet on San Pablo and Aica
rraz av-nues. in Golden Gate, for Bclld
tog and Loan Association, to Peter TelUer.
US house cf seven rooms with lot 2SxXQQ
feet on East Sixteenth street, near Sev
enth avenue, for Georg-e A Story, to M. M.
Jerold. Jli.3>>: cottage of six rooms and lo:
38x130 feet on the corner of Ninth avenue
and East Seventeenth street, for James
Peterson, to C. H. Edwards, S22K: Mttagß
of six rooms with lot 25x125 feet on Camp
bell street, near Twelfth, to "William
Urey. $l>00; vacant lot 100x109 feet an
Union street, near Fourteenth avenue.
East Oakland, to Axel Johnson, ISC*).
-"erence Thursday a satisfactory azr«e
aent was reach*! and signed by -.--.
resentatives of the telegraphers and the
railroad company.
The effect 13 to ----- rages in some
iastaxseea and increase them in. others,
ron-stdered as a whole the schedule show?
t slight iccrea.*e-. By the term? of the
agreement it may be canceled by either
oarty or. thirty days* notice-. llessrs.
Estes. if^yer and Worthing-t<?c returned
:o San Francisco this momin?-, well sat
afied with the success of their mission.
— ♦- —
Headquarters for Foresters
DETP.OIT. Asg. S.— The Supreme Ccnr*.
Fcresters of America ti>-<iajr decided that
hereafter the order shall hare p*?rmar:«-nt
headquarters. The matter of selecting- a
plar<? waa turned over ■•■_■- com
mittee It fa understood that the choice
ties between New York and Ptttsbttrg;
The court voted to create a position of
oreanizer, whose duties will include the
argatrrtxfny of new lodg-es and strengthen
ing of old ones in various Western States.
The position will be rilled by the Supreme
Court upon recommendation cf stale or
ganizations.
? :"-;?:r Smith IPll] Litb
CHICAGO, Aug-. .' — A special ta tha
rimes-Kerald frcra Madison, Wis.. says:
Professor Charles F. Srnitb. of the cfcair
st Greek ra the Urtrrersity of llichig-ari
will live, the injuries he su=ta:ne<i in b«?ics
rhro'^n from his bicycle not being- so sen
>us as was at first announce!. He is be
ing cared For at the village cf: Meant
Horeb and cannot be moved to his horse
for a, week or more, and will not be able
to go to the classroom for semesal raonth^.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued from Pag* Thirtsen.
Shipping Intelligence.
AJUmTED.
Friday; Anrat 3. i
Stair Fultre, Lertason. C hcura frcra. P2— - 1
laad. - ' i
Stmr A 1 — -■'*_ Vaa Oter»n>iorp. tl iays '- r I
Syrtney, vta Honolulu * day 3 10»i hours.
Strar Aberdeen, Peters - . • hours ORBS Ea- '
r»k3_
Stmr ;::*sfcort> r OUen, 13 tc4irs -- -
Gr^n»rr,i.
strar Usiatilla. Ccusias..-S3 heaa frora Vie- |
tcria a.id Parre souad part*.
Strnr Porccna. Parsons, IS'ri acurs finai Eu
ro ka.
Stair R-oti, Lnadc/:ist. 43 aenrs Jrxa. Saa
Pedro.
Bark L*vi G BaTBMa. TlManK I days
from Tacema.
Bkta Tara o' Shanter. Patisrscc J days tarn
Coluralbia River.
Soar Ortea;, Saad«rs, i days final Tnaapa [
Harbor.
S<:fcr Ec!irs<?. For«st. » : - :-> r- — Eureka. 1
Schr CoaSaaia. Chriatiaaaea. 3 -■-.•'-—. '
CoiuiUe River.
Schr ' '-" A. Ninaoc. 43 hoars tnm Enr«ka.
---- Mayiffwer, OLsers, S days frosa CoquUle
■ -
River.
Schr ." ~-- -!■'- Cclstrcp. 2 lan — Eu
reka.
Schr Craass, Steaslaad. 13 days frad Ber- !
my S*a.
Schr Sevea ; • '-?. Rajra u,j3^c. Z±-< days trcaa
Urr.p<i"^a.
Schr Martca, rcs«reaax. 13 days ( — Et- j
erett.
Scar I^.ara Madsea. Jcriecaoa. S days frora j
Grays Harisor. i
Schr Roy Sotaers, S-oilaad. 5 days frota j
Grar« Harbor.
Schr North Bead, Palasarea, • days trass, j
Grays Hartor.
CLEARED.
Friday. Aoanst 35.
Stair Citaa. Debney. S*>abury. K^rjritcß?- aad j
Tokcfcaaia. Tia Hoco.nla: Pacific Mail S - Co. j
Ship Saata Clara. Lindi^r?. Kariuk; t:-'*''-^ [
Packers' Assoctaticn.
- OJOS
Friday. («at 23. ;
Stair Noyo. IViake!. Fort Brajr;?-
Stmr G*or?e L»njml*. Bri'li?»ti. V^ntura.
Stair Chiaa. S«abnry. Hongrkons- aad Totco
fcaasa. via HanciclTi.
Stmr Samoa. Jaitasen. Eureka.
Scar Alcatraz. Carl*sa. .
Stair Grace Dollar, Fas-»n, Grays Harbcx.
Stair Rival. Jotaaoc Fort Brads'.
Stmr Weectt, Eliia. Etrr^ka..
Stnzr Gipsy. L*!ar.d. Saata Cms.
Stmr Emptr». Xelaoc. Coca B-ty.
Shir» Eaata. Clara. LiadSersr. Karlnk.
Br ship Ro*s-sfcir», Baxtt»r. Qusseotawo.
Bar Aiden Bess* Pc-CLar. HjacL-jlu.
Bark \*arr Davia. McAlraca. Honolulu.
baric Astral Troiid*. '• i ■«. 9oacaato«m
c chr Guidu. CHs»n. Grays Earber.
- Schr Mary aad Ida. itarulaad. Ua?a»
Schr Jaaies .V GarSeld. Lewis. .
Schr Falcon. Marchiacn. — - .
Schr J" G Wan. Bjcrastrcta. Ecr-ka.
Scar Reltaace. Skisc<»r.
RETURNED.
Friday. Aay&rt 25. I
Bkta Monitor. Torieff. heaca Ans 22. for Eu
-»'-!» returaed en account of ssriaetay a leak. ;
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Actt 3. M ; si— Weather !
taxy; rtad SW velocity 12 miles,
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON, Asg s— Br ship Simla, frsia Cebo, j
AUCTION SALES
GROCERIES AND HARDWARE.
TRIS DAT (SATORDAT) AT U A. 1L
TWENTT-NTyrH a=d SAKCHEZ EET*
FH-\N'S ~^~. BUTTKRjTSLD. tt Mariiet st.
!
;
'
'
i
I
1
!
'
i
'
:
I
;
i
i
'
:
!
:
!
!
I
;
[
'
'
:
-i
j
-
;
j
for Pert Ancles. cut baci iTHnmnfted?fa *
gmla; bulwarks 'ianaa^e-i »=d d«;ck startaa.
SPOKEX.
Aug 1, !at IS 5. lon. 3T W—ltal «&fp SalT«oe«
famfa ftoiii HajnbrrrT. f 1"" Fraacisca.
E»3iCHSTIC POKES,
TACOJfA—Arriveii Ads' iS—Srsir CcctisS
OCT. frorr. Alaska.
Soiled Aug :*—sccr Ot?a. trrr Hbaatata; schr
H C Wxfslu. tor S*n Frmmcfsca -
BOWEXi tAXDECG—Arrbred Aas 25—accr
ilarr Et:i. hence Ans 32.
POINT RETES— Fa3*^i ABS —• -;:2 * ~ —
T-js Rescue 4T.«1 Relief, wttft raft Eb taw,
Srern. CbfixmUa Rirsr. f« ia= Fr»act*».
GRAYS HABBOB—Arrfrwi Ang :»—Sciir San
Baeoamixtaxß, !i*nc» au? ».
*.v» 21—&i:r Ti=;a, fo;r sa=ta Kc
sal^'sohr Finaie Ai-?'?. (or Ska Pe-iro.
SEATTLE—cail*l A"? 5-tGnr St PMJ, rcr
Manila.: Br »unr Arh(*=ia^. far .
Arrived A"? 25—Stmr Cottar? CUT, craui
Dysa. !_. _
a.V>" PE3>S£V-S*aed Au« =T—Sc=r Ba»
-ton. fir Taccnia. _ ,
PORT TOVTSCSKSTJ—An 1 red As* 2—cari
OstoZBA. fr^ra Tt^ocin.
FORT I>C>S ANGELES-Arrivai Hit Btxnr
San Ma.tef>. fr«;m Xanaimo.
EUREKA- Arrtved Aay S—Sctr Lcttia Car
sen, Jrotn. R^cndo; stmr "W>srpcrt, n-?rice Aa?
SaH«d Vaa- S—Stair Pa_»a<iir=a, *"r =a= Pwlrc;
scbr tiaat*"Van«. fmr =a= Pe«Iro: stmr Xor-.i
Fc-ic isz Ssm Frxaciaco. -
ASTORIA—ScfEed Ass 33—Stsar BrawvUß,
fcr Saui rraaclsco.
EASTEB3J PORTS.
!TEW TORS:—Arrived Au? 24—Stmr AllUzca.
FOREIGN" PORTS.
COLON"—Arrived Auy 23—fitter Ft-anc*. <roci
X«w T:rfc.
■iaiifff 1 \a* 3—st=r Adranca. ror Na-«r Tcr*.
QITEESSTOWX—Arrtnea Aa? i*—Br bari
Anansba. iroisi Qcegoo.
LONTXKST—SaiIed A-zg 23—Br *fcl? SCelbcra,
Jor Sa^i Francisco.
itAXlUA—Arrrred Aas S—at=r Ohio, heace
FAIJUJCTH — .Vrrrrei Aa? JS—Ger bar*
Eouadcr. fr?rn Cr»soc.
IQUIQCE—SaItti Afflt SS—3r Sari ABHsfetß,
far Sa= Fracci*:o. ,
\PlA—Arriir»d Ausr X'>-St=r Abariado. froc.
Korfalk. »♦«. VaJpa_-alsc, aa-i sail*! Cor Paxo
pia-3 Apr - **UJ material fcr wSarf.
\~EW<"*A=TLE. Ana—Chartered ta loaa—3r
«htp naa Graiaia. bark Alex SCeXeU. Ei»
itio Joha Ena. Fr ta--K Xoemf, bori S^ctt 4
Burs— "s Ra.nr sti^ Star c< France. 3r sM?
BwunhOda tor Saa Fraactsox 3r ship Kiri
caa-tjhtsitr*. 3r «hir Aictacna for Or»s^ri.
3^ *iarit \ii*riy. Br bars t»cn:inioc Br ship
Krr-ji s^hr Goidcn Shore, Ha.*- siip EisraiUa
Isii»3.' bktn Xum I. StanfOnl bfeta itary Wtar
i*l3ian. fcfetn N'sw^bcr. bk^rs R.:fc*rc Sud'ier:.
bark jemi3ol<». STar tari SoZvefs M*B Wra.
Car»on. Br bark WoolQuuta; Car Hocoiuia.
July T— 3r ship Port Patrick. July 14—
Bari a«. Kin?, for saa. Fnrciaco; fcari J>tJ
brtaaa. July B-SMd Wtr »-
Bark Abcr Pa!=*r. tor HonclalTi. J^7 li-
Brf? Ger-era. Jaly IT-Bktn J-Tfcn Sraith. ftr
R«.ir f~r f»a Awr J—Br ship Veraj^aa. frr
Oregtxi: Br sUs H«l«aabnrgfi, for San. Frar.
-"iB-port Aig 3—3r ship Great AdratsaL'jßs
HoxsoSfii: 3r bark trrerneffli, tor =aa Fraa-
C*..'sCfJ. . _
HONOLtTLXT—Arrirwi Aog i>—Er stair
M--«aa; 3r star Gaelic h^r.c* Anj 3.
saU*-I Atw 15—Br stmr M:aaa. tor Srdr.«7".
i 3' stmr Gaelic, for Toiofca=a- Aas Sr-Bfcn
M-rr - - Star. Bar Micr;=aiia: U 5 star &-»
tec. for San Frasclsco. An? 15—Stip Tacod*.
for Manila.
THA2CSATXAKTIC STSAMEHS.
BOSTON—A.r.-»i AnjC 15—St^rir X?w Eas
1 la-< 1 ttani LtTwpooL
LIVERPOOL—Arrfr-4 AH* IV-Strar Cnrrtc.
Cnna N«w T"rk: naif D»rbT'tir!S. from 3>"»tcc
I *rHER3OUR0 —EaHed A-ag- Strsr Augnats
Vtctor-.a. tram Kanburs, via Eootbaiaptißz, far
' y*"r T"rk-
OCEAS" TBAVZL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
■k^ "" Stsa=-?r9 !ea-7« Br=ad-»~17
1 y*f- _ wharf. Saa Francisco.
rS^lft A3«a»t 13. M. ». Se'cteaissr 3.
m • For Victoria, ■-.-■-"
BCd^9al C). Part TT-v:;«^=i. Seattle.
1 .^^^aSl^Bl Titc-i. Ev«r-tt. ■ Aaacertw
■^*B(ft aad X4IT Whatcosi i"Waa—>.
"™ 13 i. as. Aag^iat 13. *■*. 3.
■ SejtenSer 3. i- ■ «r-ry fifth ciy ther-arter:
! ciariireat's^art:* to tala ccnipanT'» tfejlMHt^Sor
I AU.ska i-'- G. X. By. at Tacorz* ta N. -' «7-:
: at Vaaccuver. Co C P. 3,7-
For Ecr-ka CSi=iixldZ Baji. -5- = ***^
17. a 27. Septaaber 1. aad eT«r7 ttftt i»7
t*Fcr*'sarlta Croat kaeterer. sa= IL=*°r
Cajncce. Pert Harfort =i- La-» Obt^To).
GaVtota. Saata Barter Ventura. ■'9M!*i
Saa F-dra. East Saa Pedn Lai A=*«les> aad
■ »«wport. » a. a.. Aa^sst SJ. «. S. S^oaxtar
: t aad »T»rr foartli day tier-after.
_.__.-. sixpTia* OBtjr at P<wt Ear-
•""1 fSaa Lois QStspo). Saata. Barbar*. Port
' Los Aa^les aad Redca-io .>-.-- 11 a.
I - Assist IS. H. M. 30. SettecsSwr I. aai ST»rr
fonrth day ti!»r«artsr.
----- Ma^-ialetia Ba7, saa rm Sm
Cabo. Masatlas. Altata. La ?ir Saata Rosalia
! aad Goarmas Sfca 10 a. ex. *" -of eaca
: — —
For fsrth<»r laft*r=:atlcti -ittaia fcldss.
Th» co=iraa7 r^aerv*-? the rijrhi ta eiaaxi
I withoat prsrtccs aatlce steaaiers. saHiay date*
' TICKET OFFICE—* Kew Mo«st»-:t=«rr
srr^«t (Palace Hotel>.
GOODaLL. PESSXX3 CO.. 3«a Axrs..
; ■ Markat st.. =a..- Fraa-^-aca.
THE S. R, ft N. GO.
! v* CISPATCH FAST ST2ASCEBS TO "* /
PORTLAND
Fma S-ear-«tr~t "Wcarf at 13 a. aa.
: FIOC Sl2 First Cl*s« Incir4i=«r B«rt>
rAnt £S Second cum hi Heals.
I STATE OF CALIFORNIA saHa
Ac*. M. Sept. I
i COLCMBIA sails..-. * ■*■ a. 31. Sept. U
" .... Bu to 77311* Walla, Spcitaae. Btttte.
! Eelsna. and an nciats la tae Xcrtinr-st.
Tirccza Heists to all pclats East.
S. C. "WARD. — ■">— AjT"3*.
OO Mi.-:< it st.
GOorAiJx PEBSTX3 « CO..
scs«r!=tsn<le=ra.
AMERICAN LINE.
«tt TC22. 30TTT2iJ£?TC5. 1C3305. Plan
----- -ar •' Cterfconry. wostbrrcad.
Frrrm Xe-w Torlt Evarr 'W^aeaday. " t. -
-• Lccis fccsnst Bf St L.iuis S<rpt- 51
Sc Paul S'lPt. * SL Paa! Sept. "
I New Tact Sept. 13 New Tcri Oct. 4
. RED STAR LIVE.
N;w Ycnc and Antw«ro.
i - — X«tt - .. E-merr TTeda-siay. C- —
i F««aUad Aae~'3KKenstßStoß ....Sea*. 30
I Soathirar'f ....S^cc. ? Xord'aad S«pc 27
J -CT-eateralaad ~S*£t. 13 Frfeslasd Oct. 4
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For f«n laformaticn -.-■-»----: i- i
ra^i»as-» arpty ta
INTERNATIONAL NAVIOATION COITPANT.
V, if :ctxcir!<*rT st., cr aay cf In as«act*«.
TOYO KEEN KAISBA.
! QTEA3CEKS 'STTLL LEAVE? WHASV CX3H-
i O rier First aad Eraaaart streets. 1 p. — , Car
TOKOHAILV aad HOXGKOXG. eaJUas at
Kate <Hlo?o), XasaaaM aad Shanghai, aa-i
cocaectras at H.-csion* with steamers far
ladla. «tc. Xo carya recsi-rad ca boari en da?
1 cf saiiia*.
I XTPPOX itARtT TTiesda7. S<?p»»tr.t«r 13
i AMERICA MARC Friday. Qctclwr <
HC.VGKOXG SCARU "W?dn*sda7. Sor. I
Round-trip tickets at re-laced ra:«s- Far
Crtigist a&t passay* ap»*T at cctapaay"3 o£2ee.
I Cl Maritat St.. cor. First.
j •A" 3. CTTRTTS. Geaanl Ayro».
SI? W S W Aacklaad far S3nia<?7
Hrl?^ 11' Wedaesday. S^---rrz-
! »JfadHSS:Ti?.*in-» T*=e 5 5 Australia
~^3» VvJlJtCi!4tp t^- *t_ it] n. a.
5 FaTorlt? Ltae Roaad tie World, ria Hajall,
! Saaica. X*w Zcalaad. Anstra ladia. Sa«3.
Ec^laad. etc.: Kl-I first class.
t 0 SPS2CXEL.S i 8233.C0.. 4gts- 24 tta.Tt;s3wrrj
r^t 7 F»ot Pacific St Ffgght CtScg. 327 Wartet St.
C0X7.153TX ■■■BUI rSAS3ATLIST:SC3.
DIRECT USE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
SaiUa* every Saturday at J a. in. ■%2JSaS
fna Plk ■- Xortb. Rivw. foot of -S-fc»*3w
Morton st. L-i TOCKAEOR Segt. _2: I-*.
CHvirpvGXE. i=~t. i; LA GASCOGNE, sept.
-i- LABRETAGXE. Sept. =: LA TOC.-BAIXE.
««ct. 30. First-ciass to Havre, SW3 aad
wa-il 5 pc- ceat red-iictioa on rouad trip. Sec-
ond-cUss ta Harre. *a. 13 per cent r&Jsetion.
on r and trip. GEXER-VL A-dsXCT FOP.
UNITED STITES A.ND CANADA. 32 Broad-
■ way (Hac* ->n bu:ldir.;i. BBr» Tor'x. J. F. FC-
GAZI i CO.. PxciSc Ccaat A?»ats. 5 ilant-
gsmtfrr are., i^a" Fraaolsc?.
BAY A2ID BIVZ3 STEA3EEBS.
FOB 0. S. lAYY-TABD AID YALLEIQ.
Steaaaer "Jlaaticella.**
', Mc^• Taes.. Wed.. Tears, aad Sai. at 5:4S
[ a. at. 105. Siia p. in. (ea^ Taora. ni«at>. Fri-
days. I p. m. i"d 5:30: Saadaya. 15:2» a. m.. i
p. m. »■»««■— »f and office Mlssioa-striet Doclc.
Pt*r No. Z. Teleotaa* aiaia ISOS.
j FAR 3 , , J*l
1516
TWO NEW MANILA
REGIMENTS WILL
SOON BE HERE
This City Is Still the
Favored Place.
SEATTLE IS A BIT JEALOUS
RECRUITS PROM FORTS SNELL
ING AND THOMAS.
Regulars for Service in the Philip
pines Will Journey Westward
and Equip in San Francisco
Before Departure.
San Frnncipro is still the favored city
• i t Manila tr lops an 1
jlio last camping place in this country for
• •- n. 1 he t ■
. mation h i I that
recru
• ; In the
future and journey westward
ther rei
that we will soon i n this < Ity has
recruited at Fort Snelling, which
tween Minneapolis and St. Paul.
merits ha\ c
prut ■ : cad of the cities
in the north will feed the already existing
usy on the part of Seattle. That city
sed every effort to secure the
ildli rs t>' the north and have the Gov
ernmi I >ss the
J'acific from thi | Mi rchanta and
•.': men of Seattle have exerted
i again and again in their en
•-uade the Government of
rder soldiers assigned to mili
tary duty In the Philippines to be sent to
Seattle, where they Bhould bo equipped
prepared for their trip across ihe
water. As yet San Francisco has b< • n
the chosen city. Jt was i spi eti d that
two lately enrolled regiments would
s ■ sent from the northern port, l>ut it
- that the War Department still fa
this as the shipping point.
Fort the Thir
i under the new
service in
,i. It will leave Cincinnati In a few
: .: the Penn
sylvania line t" i^t. Louis, thence via the
Chicago and All ■ fnion Pac
:. from which point the remainder of
iurney will be made on the Central
S< attle w< re bi -
are for the Fort Sn<
rday's dispatch trom
country shows the dlsap
t of the counter
• rs.
G. W. Heintz, the general pass*
of the* Rio Grande, is n'iw In
■ ■
Traffic Manager McC i tl South
ern I rd to soldier U I
■ rs
the :u ■ ! Into son
by the various railr i the
has not been changed .a jot. A dis
tribution of traffic is still in ord< r.
ELIOT ON SAMOA
English Commissioner Arrives and
Talks of Island Affairs.
C. N. E. Eliot, British Commissioner to
Samoa, arrived on the Alarm-da, which
reached this city late yesterday after
noon, lie had left Apia soon after the
diplomatic agreement of the three powers
through their representatives and
warding of the official report to the home
Government. On the trip northward from
New Zealand Mr. Eliot stopped at Apia,
litions are I I -ime there a*
when the other Commissioners lei
it night. "There la no i hange and
It is not likely that there will be any in
the immediate future. The natives are
quiet and it is verj that no out
break occurred after the Commissioners
had completed their work. It Is very
likely that from time to time th
be an occasional outbreak among the fol
lowera of Malletoa and Mataafa In the
lages. This cannot be a\
"It was a great surp
upon my entrance into B
The Call had published a complete report
of the Commission's finding i:i regard to
tne whole Samoar. question and the rec
ommendations which they suggest. How
It was obtained I cannot even gu< ss.
Can you tell me?" said Mr. Eliot t<
porter, and thinking better of his ques
tion he soon added: "No, I don't suppose
you can. The manager or I
of the paper might be able to do it, but I
don't SUDDOse either of them would."
HURT DURING THE PARADE.
A Young Girl and a Boy Taken to the
Receiving Hospital for Treat
ment.
Gertie King, a young girl living at 60r.
Poet street, witnessed the parade from
the roof of the Monarch shoe store, on
Market street, opposite Seventh. After
the parade passed she was leaving the
roof and happened to make a misstep, re
sulting in a fall of about twelve feet. She
was taien to the Receiving Hospital,
■where it was found that h<>r left shoulder
bone was fractured. Dr. Stephen attend
ed to her injury and she waa sent to her
home.
George Grubb, a newsboy, was among
the crowd at Kearny and Market Btreets,
and while the gallant First was passing
the crowd pressed forward. Grubb was in
the front, and a policeman while forcing
1 rowd back struck him on the head
with his club, cutting a hole jn hi s scalp.
He was taken to the Receiving Hospital.
THREE NATIVE SONS.
They Are to Be Entertained and Pre
sented With. Medals by Stan
ford Parlor.
Stanford Parlor of the Native Song of
the Golden West will probably a week
from next Tuesday entertain throe of its
members if they can obtain permission to
visit the parlor that night. The parlor
sed to Rive a reception to Captain
George Filmer of Company I? of the
First California, Arthur H. Clifford of the
game company and regimental quarter
■ r and Private S. 1. Marston of Cum
pany D, have an entertainment, and then
th>' presentation to each of a handsome
gold badge of the order; then make them
quests of honor at a banquet. A number
fOOKS
IN
' THREE
MINUTES
. \ ri
MAIL STEAMER ALAMEDA COMPLETING HER SIXTIETH ROUND TRIP.
*#
of the gentlemen and lady friends of the
members will be invited to be present on
that occasion.
TIME EXTENDED ON
EXCURSION TICKETS
SOUTHERN PACLTIC MAKES CON-
CESSIONS.
Will Accommodate Visitors Who Are
in This City for the Re
ception.
As far north as Redding and south to
Lompoc every agent, of the Southern Pa
cific has been informed of patriotic con
cessions to the traveling public ordered
by Passenger Traffic Manager McCor-
I mick. The following letters announce the !
changes ordered:
To Agents, Redding; Truckee, Banning, Lom
poc and Intermediates: Excursion tickets sold
to San Francisco and return oo above men
tioned occasion will be honored returning, Ir
respective ■■: the five-day limit, on any of the
< four consecutive days after the day of landing
of the trooDS.
This extension is duo to the elaborate pro
gramme for the reception and celebration in
honor if the volunteers, at present as follows:
Bay parade on the afternoon of the California
; Regiment's arrival, probably August -4, with
] evening Illumination on the bay.
Breakfast to the regiment at the ferry build
' ing on the morning after the arrival and then
a march to the Presidio.
Great nisht pan and street illumination
on the evening of the following day, with ban
quet at the ferry building.
Line of march— Van Ness avenue to Market ,
treet, to the ferry, where the column will
swing and countermarch up Market to Mont
} gomery, to California, up California to Kearny.
up Kearny to Market, and out Market to Van
Ness avenue.
Please see that your local journals make
mention of this additional extension of the i
time limit of excursion ticket?. Yours truly,
T. H. GOODMAN.
K. O. McCORMICK, Passenger Traffic Mgr.
To Agents in California South of Mojave: ■.
You may Inform the purchasers of special ex
cursion tickets from Four station to San Fran- j
cisco and return, sold on account of reception
and welcome tendered First California Regi
ment. United '.•.<■:* Volunteers, that if they
desire to make any Bide trips from this point a
ten or fifteen days' extension of time will be
granted on the return carts of the excursion
tickets you sell, provided that such original ex-
I cursion tickets are deposited with Mr. G. W.
Fletcher, our general agent here, when appli- i
cation Is made for side trip tickets. Very
respectfully. T. 11. GOODMAN.
E. O. McCORMICK. Passenger Traffic Mgr.
COURT NOTES.
The nppllcfttinn of Mrs. Nettie R. Cra
ven for a family allowance from the es
tate of the late James <;. Fair, and
application to vacate the decree of par
tial distribution of the estate propei
hi retofore ma<N\ w<-r>- on Judge Troutt's
calendar yesterday, but with the n
the cases they were continued for one
week.
SPECIAL TRAIN TO
LIVERMORE TO-NIGHT
The Southern Pacific will run a spe
cial train to Livermore and intermedi
ate stations to-night after the grand
parade.
This train will connect with the
ferry steamer leaving the depot, foot of
Market .street, at 11:25 o'clock.
Dedication at Richmond.
The new Richmond Methodist Church,
Fourth avenue, between Point Lobos ave
nue and Clement street, will be dedicated
to-morrow afternoon. The services will
commence at 2:30 o'clock and will be con
ducted by Rev. W. W. ("as.-. I >. ]>.. assist
ed by city pastors and laymen. The pro
gramme follows:
Hymns, led by J. A. McGaw; opening
hymn, the pastor; prayer. Rev. S. M.
WoodwarQ; Twenty-third Psalm, read re
sponslvely by all; financial secretary's
Btatement, K. H. Wilcox; treasurer's
statement, 11. H. Ihnen; brief historical
statement, by the pastor; Rev. Dr. Case
takes charge; "I>>arly Beloved," etc.;
Hymn 111, the pastor; first scripture les
son, Rev. F. C. Lee; b< cond scripture les
son. Rev. T. 11. Woodward; Hymn 124,
Rev. W. I). Peck; sermon or addresses
Dr. J. N. Heard, Dr. J. A. B. Wilson. Dr.
C. K. Locke, I. J. Truman, R. V. Wait
and C. B. Perkins; collection; One Hun
dred and Twenty-second Psalm, read re
sponslvely by ail: presentation of church
trustees, led by W. Abbott; declaration,
"I 'early Beloved," etc., Dr. Case; Doxol
ogy; benediction.
Services at St. Ignatius.
The ceremonies of the consecration of
mankind to the sacred heart of Jesus, in
conformity with the decree of the sov
ereign Pontiff, Iveo XIII, will bo held at '
St. .Ignatius Church to-morrow as fol- i
lows: Genera] communion of the Gentle- i
men's Sodality at the 7:30 o'clock mass;
of the Ladies' Sodality at the 8:30 o'clock
mass, and of the League of the Sacred
Heart as usual; at ]<>;:;i> o'clock solemn
high mass with a sermon by the Rev.
Father Sasia, S. J.; in the evening at 7:20
o'clock solemn vespers, followed by a ser
mon by the Rev. Father Woods. S. J., and
solemn benediction, during which the sol
emn act of consecration will be made. The
Gentlemen's and Ladies' Sodality choirs
will rei der the music at ":M and 8:30
o'clock masses, respectively.
■ m .
The Dual Nature of Man.
Rev. I^eonard J. Garwr will give the
second lecture in the special h< rirs to men
only at the Young Men's Christian Assu
elation auditorium. Mason and Eliis
streets, to-morrow afternoon at 3 o'clock.
His subject will be "The Dual Nature of
Man." Messrs. Crane and Williams of
the Knickerbocker Quartet by request will
Flng "Hope Beyond." All young men are
invited to attend this service.
Herman Oelrichs
Herman Oflnchs ■was In a pleasant little din
r.er party at Zlnkand's last wpek. •
Party Postponed.
The entertainment and party which was
to have been given this evening in Turn
Vert-in Hall under the auspices of the
rm-inborship of Sequoia Parlor. N. S. G.
\Y.. and the local and Oakland Turn Ve
rcins has on account of the parade to
night been postponed until next Saturday.
Home Again.— Get the Wasp's souvenir
of tho California Volunteers' return.
Thirty-two pages of war pictures. For
sale at all newsdealers, 25 cents. •
Death of Mrs. Shreve.
The death is announced of Mrs. Matilda
W. Shreve, wife of George W. Slireve, the
prominent merchant. The deceased was
a native of Virginia. She leaves five
• laughters and one son besides a husband
tn mourn her loss. The funeral will take
place on Sunday.
Keith's leading millinery house for the
new walkers. £08 Market street. •
THE SAN FEANCTSCO CALL. SATURDAY, AUGUST 20, 1899.
EXTRA SESSION
IS THE TALK
OF POLITICIANS
Caucus Pledge May
Be a Myth.
WILD RUMORS CIRCULATED
HUNTINGTON MAY PULL BURNS
OUT OF THE CONTEST.
Legislators Who Opposed the Mexi
can Have Not Changed Their
Views Since the Last
Ballot.
The multitude of visitors In San
Francisco embrace many members of
the Legislature and well-known poli
ticians from interior counties and the
southern region of the State. Aboard
| the steamship Santa Rosa day before
rday, when tho Senators and As
semblymen were the guests of the
Han Francisco delegation in the Legis
j lature, extra session was a topic fre
quently discussed. It was noted that
Speaker AJden Anderson, one of the
I leaders of Genera] Barnes' Senatorial
I column, was on deck. Senator Cutter,
I the foremost man of Grant's band,
■and Judge Dibble of the Hums follow
■ ing were also in the throng. Demo
crats as well as Republicans expressed
the opinion that the Governor would
call an extra session of the Legislature.
All sorts of rumors were circulated re
garding: a signed paper, btit no member
of the Legislature could be found who
would admit that he had seen a caucus
pledge with signatures attached
thereto.
The story was told that Assembly
man Huber of Pomona had changed
his mind and would agree to a caucus
proposition. The same was said of
[ Assemblyman Merritt of Santa Bar
bara and Assemblyman Works of San
Diego. Assemblyman Lardher of
Placer was also counted as an extra
session advocate who had signified a
readiness to settle in caucus the ques
tion of the Senatorship. No one would
actually vouch for the accuracy of the
MOST SUCCESSFUL OF
THEATRICAL MANAGERS
J HARRY RICKARDS of the Sydney, N. S. W., Tivoli, Here. J
? T T ARRY RICKARDS, one of the best known theatrical managers in Aus-
j^ I — l tralia. arrived from Sydney, N. S. W., on the steamer Alameda yester-
jp I day. Mr. Rickards is accompanied by his wife and two daughters, and
Mr. Marcus, his private secretary. Mr. Rickards will remain some ±
j^ time in San Francisco, and during his stay will engage quite a number
+ of variety artists for his theaters in Australia. His patrons want the very y.
-j< best in the business and they get it.
.fc The Tivoli Theater in Sydney and the Bijou and Gaiety In Melbourne +
-ft are all owned and managed by Mr. Rickards. The majority of his artists ■+
+ usually came from England, but having decided upon a change, the voyage 34
--* to the T'nited States was undertaken in order to procure talent. *■
+ From here the Rickards party will go to Denver, Chicago, Philadelphia, jj.
Boston and New York, and in all of these places a lookout will be kept for y^.
"stars." After doing the United States, England, France and Germany will jf
be visited, and then about the beginning of next year Mr. Rickards expects jf
to reach Australia again. jf.
"I have not been very well for some time past," said Mr. Rickards yes- 34.
terday, "so I made up my mind to make a tour of the world and mci- >f
dentajly pick up attractions on my way. "With the Tivoli in Sydney I have jf
been connected for years, and it was there I gained my first success as a jf.
manager. It is not like your Tivoli, but Is more on the lines of the Orpheum. jf
Some of the people who played in my houses came on to San Francisco and jf
made successes at the Orpheum hero. During my tour I expect to make *.
jj enough contracts to keep my theaters going for a year to come." Jf
Mr. Rickards and his family are staying at the California Hotel. *
statements, but all seemed to be con
vinced that the members would be
convened in special session early in
November.
The members of the Legislature who
opposed Burns at the regular session
last winter and were never deceived by
the Mexicans" boast of reserved
strength, are still confident that he
cannot win, with or without a caucus.
The Barnes men. Grant's followers
and Scott's supporters still adhere to
I the judgment that a vacancy in the
United States Senate would be more
creditable t . . California than the pres
ence of Burns in that body as a repre
sentative of the State.
Yesterday afternoon at the Palace
court a prominent ex-Senator and a
well-known Senator each wagered a
hat with the other that he could name
the United States Senator if the extra
j session were called. The proposition
was accepted, and both men wrote the
! name of Irving M. Scott. There is an
undercurrent of opinion that Hunting
ton has resolved to pull Burns out of
the contest. Many of th<> politicians
predict that the Governor will aban
don the whole extra-session scheme un
less a direct pledge to elect Burns is
signed by sixty-one members.
Among the members of the Legisla
ture who were here yesterday were
Senators Flint. La Rue. Luchsinger.
("utter, Shortridge, Boyce, Dickinson
and Leavitt, and Assemblymen Bel
shaw, Anderson. Merritt. Lardner, Ath
erton, Kaub, Raw, America and Rob
inson.
Midsummer Town Talk.
The ninth anniversary number of Town
Talk fc out to-day, a. Bohemian Club edi
tion, and containing articles about that
famous organization, with portraits of its
mure prominent members and sketches of
its jinks. There is a story by James M.
Hamilton, a poem by Louis a. Robertson.
a story of Bohemian life in Paris and
various interesting miscellany. Alfred
Mctzper and Mary Francis write of
musi'-; little Arnold Grazer is pictured in
th<> dramatic department. The special
articles and the fine illustrations make of
the issue a splendid magazine to send to
Eastern friends. It contains forty pages
!'\ir.x matter and a specially designed
cover. For sale at all newsdealers; price
10 cents. •
Martha Davis Sailed.
Tho American hark Martha Davis sailed
yesterday fnr Honolulu, the trouble re
garding her clearance papers having: been
adjusted satisfactorily to the authorities.
There Are
Twenty-eight pagt --s of interesting read-
Ing matter in to-day's News Letter. San
Francisco's welcome to the soldiers; the
"Governor and Newspaper Committee
men"; "Dewey Interviewed." and other
pertinent editorial matter. The most re
cent club stories, fine stories, pointed
sparks about prominent people, sharp
criticisms of the Crier. Get a copy at any
news stand for 10 cents. •
RAN A MILLION
MILES WITHOUT
ANY BREAKDOWN
Splendid Record of the
Alameda.
HER SIXTIETH VOYAGE ENDED
IS AS GOOD NOW AS THE DAY
SHE WAS LAUNCHED.
Two Steamer Men Injured— Scurvy
Stricken Gold Hunters Home
ward Bound — Big Kaft
Off Port.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's mail
steamer Alameda completed her sixtieth
round trip to Australia yesterday. She
was a few hours behind time through
having to buck a strong head wind all
the way across the Pacific.
Before going on the Australian run
the Alameda made twenty-five round trips
to Honolulu. In all her journeyings from
the time she left the Cramps' yards at
Philadelphia the Alameda has run over
a million miles, and during the sixteen
years it took her to cover that distance
she was not stopped at sea ten hours, all
told, for repairs. She has never been late,
but frequently ahead of time, and there
has never been an occasion when her mall
failed to overland on schedule time. This
is a record that very few steamers afloat
can approach, and is jl great leather in
the cap of American ship builders.
Ol the snip s crew that left ± J niiadelphia
in ihe Alaineua, only one remains, he is
a D. Little, the chief engineer, ana ne i
says the vessel is as good to-day as when
she came around the Horn in tne record
breaking run of forty-live days. O. N.
Clark, tne chief steward) has been httt-en
years on the Alameda, and Airs. Uranam,
the stewardess, thirteen years. All the.
other members of the crew joined the yes- \
feel at later dates. Clark was the Mrst
American that ever went to Australia as
Chief steward of an American steamer.
He was on the old suit wheel steamer Ne
vada in I*7l, when she carried the "mail
between Honolulu, Auckland and Sydney.
In that ytar and also during IST2-7:! the
Mohonga. Moses Taylor, Montana and
Beveral other steamers carried the mail
to Honolulu and there it was transferred
to the Nevada, Nebraska and Dakota,
Which steamers carried it on to the colo
nies. After the old-timers had served
their turn the Oceanic Steamship Com
pany came into existence and the Ala
mi da and Mariposa were built. These tine
vessels have In turn grown too small for
the trade, and in conseauenct three fine j
(JOW-tun vessels are now in course of con
struction for the company at Philadelphia
by the Cramps, the builders of the Ala
meda.
The Alameda brought over a big crowd
of passi liters many ot whom are theatri
cal people. The Maggie Moore-Roberts
Company stopped off at Honolulu and
after playing an engagement there will
come on to San Francisco on the Austra
lia. "The Belle of New York" company
came back home minus one of its iiura
ber. \V. Gerard died in Sydney of con-
Bumptlon. His widow came back on the
steamer. Mr. and Mrs. Coventry of tho
•'Trip u> Chinatown" company also came
back on the Bt< ami r.
Captain Van oterendorp reports that
while the Alameda was in Apia harbor
the Government steamer Abarindo, from
Norfolk, Va.. arrived with supplies for
the naval station at Pago Pago. She also
had the material for the new wharf, so
Healy, Tibbitts & Co., the contractors,
will be able to begin work at once.
Charles Elliott, the British Commission
er to the Samoan conference, came back
on the Alameda. He went to New Zea
land to visit his sister, and joined the
steamer at Auckland. Lieutenant Com
mander Guttner of the German gunboat
Cormorant and James If. Mulligan, ex-
I'nited States Consul General to Samoa,
were also passengers. Mr. Mulligan has
bf( n to Apia adjusting claims for dam
ages done during the bombardments of
Apia and the native villages.
Lieutenant Philip Andrews of the Pen
sacola and his bride were passengers from
Honolulu. Lieutenant Andrews and Miss
Fuller were married as soon as the Mari
posa reached Hawaii on her southward
trip. The happy couple will make their
home in Oakland.
The tugs Relief and Rescue are outside
•with the big raft they towed down from
the Columbia. River. Wind and tide wore
against the towboats when they reached
the bur. so they stayed outside all night.
The barkentlne Monitor started for Eu
reka yesterday, but sprang a leak off the
lightship and had to put hack.
George Butler, a deckhand on the
steamer J. D. Peters, fell from the hurri
cane dt-ck to the main deck yesterday and
broke his left leg. He was treated at the
Harbor Hospital by Dr. Rice.
The steamer Grace Barton arrived from
Potaluma yesterday with thirty-three
head of consumptive cows. Health Offi
cer Lawlor examined the cattle and at
once condemned them. The animals were
in the last stages of tho disease. They
will be slaughtered to-day and the meat
destroyed.
F. Harris and his brother Sabin were
passengers for Stockton on the steamer
J. D. Peters yesterday. Both men are
suffering from scurvy contracted in
Kotzehue Sound and are going Into the
country to recuperate. Sabin Harris Sr.
went up to the supposed gold fields with
his sons, but he died on the Kowak River
of henrt failure. The Harris brothers
were brought from Kotzebue to Cape
Nome by the revenue cutter Bear, and
from Cape Nome they came to San Fran
cisco on the Portland. They have not
much faith in the Cape Nome diggings,
as they think everything is being held
for speculating purposes.
MURDEROUS RANCHER
KILLED BY COWBOYS
W. J. Spradling Attempted to Kill
His Housekeeper and Was
Speedily Laid Low.
ENGLE, N. Mex.. Aug. 25.— W. J. Sprad
ling, a wealthy cattleman, controlling
stock Interests In Chloride, was killed by
cowboys near Falrview in revenge for his
murderous assault upon Miss Nellie Mc-
Kinstrey. Spradling without provocation
made a threatening remark to the woman
as he was riding by, both being on horse
back, and followed it up by firing at her.
The bullet took effect in the woman's neck
and she fell from her horse. Cowboys
near by started after Spradling, who emp
tied his revolver .-it them.
A fusillade from Winchesters In the
hands of the pursuers brought Spradling
to the ground with six bullets in his body
and head. He died almost instantly. The
injured woman came here from Marion,
Ind.. to act as housekeeper for Spradling.
She will recover. No cause for the trouble
is known.
Trouble Over Cut Rates.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 25.-It !s an
nounced at the Southern Pacific Railway
offices here that General Traffic and Pas
senger Agent MeCormick of San Francis
co has notified the Rio Grande Western
and the Colorado Midland railway com
panies that hereafter it will refuse to
honor their second-class tickets over the
Southern Pacific. This action is said to be
the result of a discovery that the roads
mentioned have violated the agreement
between all Western roads entered into at
Chicago a short time ago. It is also said
that the same rate cutting has been dis
covered in this city, and the matter Is be
ing investigated.
Appeal for Porto Rioans.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 86.— Secretary of
War Root has addressed a circular letter
to the Governor asking him to call upon
the people of California for aid in reliev
ing the suffering people in Porto Rico. The
letter states that a great multitude are
absolutely destitute In Pono Rica and a
large amount of supplies is necessary.
The Boston En Route.
HONOLULU, Aug. IS.— The cruiser Bos
ton sailed for San Francisco yesterday
morning promptly at 9 o'clock. There was
cheering along the wharves as she sailed
out of the channel with her great flag fly
ing and her long homeward-bound pen
nant streaming in the wind.
Sale's.
and 4< johnny came marching home."
Hole's employes welcomed him ; store was closed all day.
a day of gladness
and a night of glory
yesterday's shout of welcome will be
echoed in to-night's illumination — yes-
terday's holiday at Hale's is succeeded •
by to-day's business.
new new silks
walking hats and suitings
English golf hafs. in neutral Hints, tans, fall dress goods load our counters and
browns, grays, beige and poarl. with eagle vie with each other a place in the appre-
quill: these are the latest styles. of finest ciatlon.
French felt »1.50, *2, #2.50 and .*» <nnry ttlk* in Rrpat variety; fancy
see window display. stripes, cords and slaids in the new fall
our millinery buyer has .lust returned shades, 19 Inches wide pi. a. yard
from New York, where five weeks among black fatin duchesi—a heavy quality "2
the worlds fashions were spent in buying inches wide; every yard has Hale's guar-
the best for Hales. antee with it 91.50 a yard
broadcloths— mulberry and the other new
nn ,,, nor'L'M/A'll* colors, cyranos, tar modes ami slates
new necKwedr $1.^5 a yard
a gorgeous stock just in; see windows for
! h !.!?:!.f a^:- n !. a "l^" > .Sto-9^ i veilings
--..- the regular and od meshes an d chenille
2TIO VeS dots, in bJack, brown, white, navy and
" i new blue; also white with black dots."... .
ladies' 2-clasp "H. B." kid gloves, with 2.-,»- to .SI.T»O a yard
S-row embroidered backs; a guaranteed
glove— kept in repair and cleaned free of black veiling, in tuxedo and Russian nets,
charge 81. 00 -jc inches wide, plain and chenille dots and
ladies' 3-clas-D Hte. Jouvin French kid \ white wtth black dots -•"« a yard
gloves, a perfect fitting, elastic glove.. *1.5U & of wagh velllnff  o sc a yard
handkerchiefs v vestimrs
60 dozen ladies' lawn handkerchiefs, lace IIW TV y v*olhi^^»
edge and open work, some very pretty de- nf , w al over swell effects, in corded
sl ens 15c each i taffeta, silk embroidered in- gold, *7.r,0
to $!>.."0 a yard; satin embroidered in gold.
fiKhntiC • #-* a yard; tucked silk, black or white,
rl DDO 1125 I $! .50 and «2 a yard
new fancy plaids, checks and stripes,
taffeta corded effects and drawstrings; In assorted corded silk and _ embroidered
pretty colors. lioc, Use, 4Oc and 4."» c yard $3 to $5 a yard
to-night Jsy *^£z: ____^****~ every
at six **~^Qoat> ooo^^ Saturday
as 935,937,939,941,943,945,947 night
usual Market Street at six
DIGS A TUNNEL
HALF MILE LONG
Hermit's Feat in Quest
of Gold.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA. B. C, Aug. 25.— Among the
recent arrivals from the north Is Bertram
Tennyson of London, England, a nephew
of the late Lord Alfred Tennyson. He re
turned last night from the Cassiar coun
j try, where he has been, in his capacity
as mining expert, investigating various
properties in Cassiar. in the vicinity of
Dease Lake, in the interest of a British
syndicate.
Mr. Tennyson tells of meeting some
strange characters in the north. When he
was journeying out he came across a her
mit miner, who for many years past has
been operating a hill claim all alone at a
I point about seventy miles from Jjease
I Post The strange miner- refused to allow
i Tennyson into his cabin for the night and
! would hold no conversation with him. lie
is a hermit and will converse with no one.
Investigations made by Tennyson, who
was curious to l.am more of the hermit
miner, showed that he had tunneled his
property to the length of 2o(K> feet. He has
very rich dirt and is taking considerable
gold out of his deep tunnel. Three big
boxes of dust were said to be buried be
neath the shack in which the hermit lives.
Tennyson learned from others in the vi
cinity that the miner went down to \ic- ,
i toria every two or three years, and while i
' in the city spent money freely for a few ,
1 months. He would throw his money away |
, right and left, and then when his funds
were exhausted would go to his northern
mine and to his hermit life, which he lived
until he got another well filled sack, then
another visit was paid to civilization, and
I for a time the hermit became the sport.
I No one can find out anything concerning
i him, where he came from or even his
Another character met by Tennyson was
a mulatto, C. B. Smith, who knows noth
ing of how men live on the outside. He
has been working on a river bar back ol
! Dease Lake for forty-two years.
MURDER AT DAWSON.
Harry Davis Kihs a Woman__an4
Then Commits Suicide.
SEATTLE, Aug. 25.— News was received
to-day of a murder and suicide at Daw
son, August 12. Maud Roselle, a vaude
ville woman, formerly a well-known cir
cus rider, was shot ajid killed by Harry
Davis, who ended his own life by putting
a bullet through his brain.
Davis is said to have a family residing
in Emporia, Kans. The woman's maiden
name was Maud Ross. Her people are
said to live in Tingley, lowa. JeaJousy
was the cause of the tragedy.
Fighting the Plague.
LONDON, Aug 2fi.— Special precautions
are being taken at Southampton and other
English ports to-day in regard to the
bubonic plague and yellow fever. All ves
sels arriving from Spanish and Portu
guese ports are rigorously examined by
the medical officers.
New Oil Company
FRESNO. Aug. 25.— A milljon-dollar
oil company was incorporated to-day, to
I One Grade Only— 1
I THE HIGHEST. 1
IS
§ ( fe^yfir 1
I 40 1
! I THOS.H.B.YARNEY, I
■W& Market and 10th Sts..S.F. ||
Open Wed. and Sat. KB
M Evenings. p-a
n " r
1 BH^BB^HiBH^HH^HaB^BHBBBIfI^H^B
Hales.
be known as the Corbett Oil and Develop
ment Company. The shares are divided
Into 10.000 of the par value of Jlufi a sharr.
According to the articles of incorporation
the amount of stock actually subscribe.l
is $700.r>00. The following are the direc
tors; J. Brownstone. G. W. Terrill X T
Newell. H. E. Corbett and C. L. Meracle,
all of Selma.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OUR SATURDAY'S SPECIALS!
Our immense sales of last Saturday on But-
ter. -Eggs and Sugar has warranted us to renew
: the sale. It has Increased our reputation for
I strictly first-class goods. Come early if you
; want your groceries delivered the same day.
GRANULATED^: SUGAR, 20 lbs $1
PETALUMA RANCH EGGS — 22^c
REGULAR 30c.
EXTRA Choice Creamery BUTTER 45c
Take advantage of this sale. This Butter la
worth 55c square.
GHIRARDELU'ScSai. can 25c
REGULAR 30c.
LEA & PERRIN'S SAUCE.... 2Oc
This is the genuine Worcestershire Sauce
imported. Regular 25c.
PURE LUCCA OIL, Large Bottle. 6oc
Genuine Imported Cross* & Blackwell, Lon-
don, England. Regular 70c.
LILY Sterilized CREAM, 3 cans. 25c
REGULAR 10c CAN.
. COUNTRY ORDERS filled at short notice
and shipped free of charge 100 miles.
1348-1354 Market Street.
Opp. 7th. 'Phone S 292. No Branch Stores.
Good Tea
EVERYBODY
SAYS SO.
Try
Great American Importing: Tea Co.
Big Presents Free.
STORES EVERYWHERE.
100 STORES.
000000000000000000
g'« PALACE Am Po
%GRAND" OTISL! *Z
*r SAN FRANCISCO. 7?
" Connected by a covered passageway. "
O 1400 Rooms— wi h Bath Attached. ©
O AH Under One Management. O
O NOTE THE PRICES: "* O
O EttropeanPJan.f 1.00 per day and upward f%
_ American Plan.s3.OO per day and upward X
O Correspondence Solicited. . • O
O 'OHM 0. KIRKPATHICK. Manapr. O
000000000000000000
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
1c a Great Restorative, invigorator and .Ner-
vine.
i The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs of both sexes.
! The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on its own Merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE Agents.
823 Market street. S. P.— (Send for Circular.)
__
Chi cheater* English Diamond Brand. " -^
Pennyroyal pills
■ ,-<£-> . Original and Only Gesuioe. • A
4~Afrt:v\ S* ri> , *- >w » T JL "•!»««. ladies, ut AS\
rLil\ Varies. Dru ?S'»t for CMehctter* EnglUh Dia-/fi%y
fc*%yß*y«3«mon<i Brand In Rod and 0-A.i met»llic\\£^
—OKjfgboxM, lealed with t>lu» ribbon. TukeVßr
■fn <j^ Wjno other. Rt/LjiedtiT.gtrm.; tubstitw V
1/ " AfUynMand imitati, iv. At Druggi«u. or«">44*.
It- Jt la Btampi for nirtleolar*. »<»tlmonlals *«3
\V s MB Kclloi Tor Ladles," in Utter, br rrtn n
, -\_^jt^ Mull. J«.OOOT..«imoniil» jr«ii7sß!?