VOLUME LXXXVI— NO. 157.
JEFFRIES GIVEN THE DECISION
AFTER A DESPERATE BATTLE
In but Five Rounds Does the
Champion Have the Better
of Sailor Sharkey.
T
errific Hitting Marks the Fight,
Weight Favoring the Big
Californian.
RINGSIDE, CONEY ISLAND SPORTING CLUB,
NEW YORK, Nov. 3.— James J. Jeffries retains the
championship of the world, Referee George Siler giving
him the decision at the cml of the twenty-fifth round over
Sailor Tom Sharkey at the Coney Island Sporting Club to
night. It was one of the most marvelous battles that has taken
plate, and the greatest crowd that ever gathered in the Coney
Island clubhouse witnessed the desperate struggle for su
premacy.
In five rounds Jeffries had the better of the fight — in the
first two and the last three. During the other twenty Sharkey
forced the issue, and. like a bull terrier, was at his man with
both hands, unceasingly. In those twenty rounds Jeffries'
at freight and brawn helped him to hold off the sailor, and
in the twenty-second round he swung in a couple of vicious up
per cuts that made Sharkey groggy. Tom came back again in
the twenty-fourth and twenty-fifth, but he was weakened great
ly by Jeffries' vicious blows. ( )ne minute before the gong
sounded to end the fight' Jeffries' left glove came off, and prac
tically the contest was over.
The referee motioned to Jeffries' corner, an American flag
was flung over the champion's shoulders and the crowd on that
i end of the arena cheered wildly. The crowd on the op
side and end, in Sharkey's corner, yelled for Sharkey,
and the men were led back to their dressing-rooms.
The thousands of spectators were banked forty feet high
in the building, the place being packed from ringside to ratters,
and the aisles around the ring were lined. The tremendous
crowd sweated under the glare of 400 arc lights. Fifteen feet
or less from the canvas of the squared circle the heat was in
tense. The fighters were almost exhausted, and the spectators
shriek'- ] themselves hoarse. It seemed at first as though
it would be a short fight, for in the second round Jeffries put the
sailor to the ropes with a left on the jaw. and the referee began
to call off the seconds as Sharkey kneeled on the floor. But
from the third round on Sharkey. with his vicious swings to the
ribs and the jaw, kept the crowd on its feet waiting for a knock
out.
Jeffries, stood the terrific punishment, and with his eye,
nose and ear split came back just as viciously in the last three
ids and almost retrieved himself. Then came the unfortu
• ■ and unsatisfactory ending, Jeffries' glove flying off, bring
ing the fight to an end, although the crowd urged Sharkey to
rush in and end it. This he tried to do. but Jeffries fought him
k, and Referee Siler rushed to the rescue. It was notice
able that Jeffries used his weight to its best advantage, throw
ing himself all over the sailor, but the latter did his share of the
hugging, and both were warned repeatedly.
Ten thousand spectators gathered around the ringside. Al
though Coney Island was swept by a gale, the cars came down
crowded to the guards in *a swiftly moving line, and the sports
waded to the narrow entrances leading to the arena. At 8:30
there were 5000 in the building, and later the boxes filled to
overflowing. All manner of men were there, and among those
well known were James J. Torbett and John L. Sullivan, former
champions; Kid McCoy, Peter Maher. Tim Kearns, George
Dixon. Senator Sullivan. Jacob Schaefer, George Slosson,
Frank Hutchinson, Parson Davies, of Chicago; Gus Ruhlin.
Dave Gideon, Mike Donovan and Chief of Police O'Meara,
of Pittsburg; Police Commissioner Sexton; Ed Delaney of Salt
Lake, and Michael Dwyer and P>enny Jacobs of' Detroit.
A preliminary event of ten rounds at
12$ pounds preceded the big event, and
"Kid" Ooulette of Rochester, who looked
a deal like J< -ffri<-s on a small scale, was
beaten by Tommy Moran of Brooklyn.
Then, after a half hour's delay, Tom
Sh.irkey could be seen making his way
through the crowds. He was well re
ceived, but Jeffries was cheered to the
echo. Sharkey had on green trunks, with
an American flag for a belt, and the
champion wore black. Jeffries had be
hind him Billy Delaney, Ernest Roeber, I
Tommy Ryan and his brother, Jack Jef
fries. Sharkey was led to the southwest
corner by Tom O'Rourke and was at
tended by George Dixon, Morris Kelly I
and Tim McOrath, O'Rourke superintend
ing the entire proceedings. George Siler 1
refc *eed.
Jeffries weighed 212 pounds and Sharkey
twenty-flvo pounds less, but the latter
looked to be in better condition, the Cali
fornian being callow and having staring
eyes and giving other evidences of not I
being in the best condition. The betting
at the start was IC«Q to 70 on Jeffries.
They eh., hands and shaped up well. '
JEFFRIES SAYS HIS
HAND WAS INJURED
NEW YORK, Nov. 3.-Sharkey was lucky. My
left hand went back on me in the seventh round,
or I would have knocked him out.
No more picture machines for me. The in
tense heat from the electric lights bothered me
considerably and made me very weak at times.
Sharkey fought very foul, and it's a wonder to
me that Siler did not disqualify him. He repeat
edly butted me with his head and used his elbows
more frequently than his hands.
JAMES J. JEFFRIES.
The San Francisco Call
Jeffries led and then landed several times,
but was generally over or under. On the
other hand, the sailor was wild, going
into the fight with both hands and swing
ing wildly, but he did not land the first
! blow.
Again in the second round Sharkey was
; flopping around, and he came in for a
nasty left that rolled him over. It looked
then as though Sharkey was clearly out
classed. O'Rourke, however, gave the
sailor a talking to, and, to the amazement
of all, Sharkey swung on Jeffries' ribs
and Jaw almost at will, and there was a
wild audience. As the fight went along,
round by round, the sailor fought his
way into the hearts of those who mar
veled at Jeffries" capacity for punishment.
The Californian crouched down low. and,
though his eyes blazed, he smiled, gen
erally over to O'Rourke, who was coach
ing his man over the ropes.
Sharkey's vicious punches began to to]],
and at the close of the seventh round it
seemed as though Jeffries could hardly
walk to his corner, and it seemed certain
there" would be a new champion.
Sharrfey's ear was split In the eighth
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 4, 1899.
CHAMPION JEFFRIES AND HIS RING RECORD
CORBETT SAYS HE IS
TO FIGHT THE WINNER
: ■ CONEY ISLAND, N. V., Nov. 3.— lt was a great fight. I never saw a bet- 8
\ ter one. I was surprised that Sharkey stood up so long before Jewries, but i %
I attribute this to Jeffries' condition. If Jeffries had been in prime condition I don't *J
' think Sharkey could have stood so long. Jeffries says he will fight me. I re- a;
» minded him of his promise to-night and we will meet in a few days, perhaps to- §
\ morrow, to make arrangements. '»
i:J, Many thanks (or your telegram of congratulation. The Western Union |
i service was excellent. The Call's wire was alongside of the ring and ran direct §
Ito San Francisco. Regard's to all the boys. JAMES J. CORBETT. g
■ 88880880 \ O \ O % O \ O % O\O\O # .O\O BBOBQBBS \ O \ O % O *i O 5 O^O'*aS2"O.<SOS3OSSO»SO SS O «S O % O % O \ 0\0%0%0\0 o
and it made him like a hull. He rushed,
swinging lefts and rights, ami landed
nearly all of thnm, with Jeffries throw-
Ing himself over the sailor. The Califor
nlan pushed his man over tht- ropes at
every opportunity, and in some of the
rounds rested his great head on Sharkey's
shoulders so much that he was hissed and
Jeered.
Jeffries landed a terrific uppercut In
the tenth and Sharkfy's eyelid was split,
hut in the twelfth Sharkey got back with
a half dozen left swings and a straight
right, and it Is wonderful that they did
not end the fight. Jeffries' hugged the
sailor hanl and shook his head as he
went to his corner.
Every round carried Sharkey across the
ring at the start and he was fighting the
champion all over the canvas. In the
fifteenth Jeffries maue a bluff at forcing,
but Sharkey was at htm again like a
bulldog and swung high and low and
landed almost every time he swung. The
Californian made little effort to lead. He
preferred the defensive and he was wind
ed. Sharkey, too, was tiring fast and
they punched and swung and staggered
and clinched all around the ring for the
next few rounds. The crowd shrieked
from the sound of the gong to the close
of each round. Both men were covered
with blood and Jeffries was bleeding bad
ly from the nose, which Sharkey's savage
right had split.
Suddenly, in the twenty-second round,
Jeffries seemed to take on new life. Just
at the close of this round the champion
swung right and left on Sharkey" s jaw
and almost took him off his feet. Sharkey
reeled and the gong saved him. He came
back hard, however, in the next, but
Jeffries had the better of it, putting in
two right uppercuts. Jeffries 1 friends
howled themselves hoarse, while Shar
key's urged him with lou.l cries to go In
hard and rough It. He threw down his
terrier-like head and though his strength
was fast leaving him he had Jeffries
guessing until the gong sounded. No one
could say who would get in the knock
out blow and neither seemed able to put
enough force into the blow to drop his
man.
In the midst of the twenty-fifth round,
nearly oW minute before the close, Jef
fries' glove flew across the ring,' and
Siler ran to help him on with it. Sharkey
held back until his friends yelled at him
not to stop, and it was a three-cornered
fight for a few minutes. The referee got
Jeffries' glove and tried to draw It on.
This was difficult to do, and then Sharkey
rushed. Jcffrips threw up his gloved and
ungloved hand and with the former up
percut Sharkoy. Siler ran between them
and made a second attempt to assist Jef
i fries. The sailor waited a moment, but,
wildly excited by the shrieks of the spec
tators, he rushed again. Siler dragged
Jeffries away and the gong rang. The
t-,. f,. ,-,.,-. pointed to Jeffries' corner and his
Becotfds and friends cheered wildly.
The majority of those at the ringside
hardly thought Sharkey would get worse
than a draw, for the . sailor fought
viciously, alwuys after his man, with
good judgment, and outpointed the cham
pion. On (he Other hand, Jeffries, while
he had the better by long odds of the last
three rounds, did very little leading in the
j other twenty-two, and when he led he
| was- either too high or two low, getting
in but few good punches.
The decision was not announced from
the ring, or, if it was, few heard it, and
a great mob surged around for several
minutes, yelling and shouting for the vic
tor and vanquished.
When seen in his dressing room* after
the contest Jeffries said:
"Sharkey is the hardest and best man I
have ever met, and 1 hardly expect to
meet a better in the future. Within six
months 1 have met and defeated the two
best men in the world, and will now take
a long rest, probably nine months or a
year. Never again will I fight und-er the
same conditions. The heat from the lights
overhead tended to take away a great
deal of my steam, and the glare from the
i floor weakened my eyes. My left arm,
the one that was injured while training,
gave out in the fourth round, and I could
not use it properly for the rest of the
battle, or the result might have been dif
ferent, for I think that I could have
knocked him out. Sharkey is a game
man and hard to beat, but I had no
thought of any different result at any
time during the battle.
"After my rest, which I think the pub
lic will agree that I deserve. I will again
be ready to meet any and all who aspire
to my title."
Sharkey was inconsolable, and cried like
a child *when he went to his quarters, and
refused to talk; but Tom O'Rourke, his
manager, expressed the opinion that the
sailor should have received the decision.
He said that two of Sharkey's ribs were
broken, and that during the last fotir
rounds Tom's left hand was useless, he
having broken it on Jeffries' head. Al
though the decision was against him, he
said Sharkey would not give up,, but
would seek another match, and the next
time the result would bo different.
"But I don't think this fellow will want
to tackle Tom again," said O'Rourke. "I'll
keep after him, though, until he agrees
to another meeting or make him crawl."
MRS. JEFFRIES
SLEEPS WHILE
JIM FIGHTS
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 3.— Not since the
last national campaign has this city wit
nessed such an outpouring of humanity
and such scenes of enthusiasm as fol
lowed when the wires flashed the infor
mation that Jim Jeffries had for the sec
ond time this year sustained his claims
to the heavyweight championship of the
world. With the words "Jeffries wins!"
a mighty shout went up from the thou
sands that surged about the bulletin
boards. Horns for a brief period added
to the din, that later gave way to march
ing crowds, .iumanlty did not disguise its
feelings. Many a smashed hat tells the
tale of a lost bet, the display of enthu
siasm passing unresented arid received In
the spirit intended. The leading evening
and morning papers rushed extra editions
upon the streets.
Although this Is the home of the cham
pion opinion as to the result of the bat
tle had been so evenly divided that little
money was wagered on the result. This
amount, according to sporting authorities,
will not exceed $10,000 and the odds have
averaged 10 to 7 with Jeffries the favorite.
Many of these bets will not be paid, as
thoy were based on a knockout.
"When The Call correspondent called at
the Jeffries homf on the Arroyo Seco to
announce to the family that the big boy
again had brought fistic honors to the
family the frame house was shrouded in
darkness. The mother, with the young
est son, had early sought ncr bed. When
Mrs. Jeffries appeared at an open window
and was informed that Jim was the vic
tor she asked "Are you joshing," and
would not be satisfied until the bulletin
of the linal round was read. As the
mother would not open the door or sup
ply a lieht matches were lighted while
the story of the' fight was read to the
apparently unmoved woman.
"I had hoped Jim would win," she final
ly said, and this expression seemed to
remove the strain that she had success
Referee Siler Tells Why He
Decided in Favor of the
Vv^estern Man.
Sharkey Claims He Fought
With Two Ribs Broken
and a Damaged Hand.
BY GEORGE SILER.
NEW YORK, Nov. 3. — To begin with, the fight was the
fastest I have ever seen. I thought when it began that it
would not go over six rounds. The slugging was simply ter
rific. Jeffries started in with right hand body blows hard enough
to stop an ordinary man. or any fighter not as tough as Shar
key. It was simply remarkable that he stood them without giv
ing way under them. Jeffries being the longer in reach, heavier
and more scientific, I thought that Sharkey would begin rush
ing tactics right from the start, and was surprised to see him
stand off and, spar. This I thought was a great advantage to
Jeffries.
Jeffries' seconds claimed fouls repeatedly, and I was com
pelled to caution Sharkey quite often. It seemed that every
time he was hit he went into it bulldog fashion, banging any old
way and roughing it as much as possible in clinches. Several
times during the fight he hit Jeffries alongside the head after
the bell had sounded.
Sharkey seemed to become stronger after about the tenth
round, and Jeffries, it seemed to me. was becoming weak. Shar
key, it struck me, was the stronger of the two around the four
teenth or fifteenth round and had a shade the better of the
fighting. T thought that Jeffries might have been holding
back, as he would come with a spurt quite often, landing hard.
Jim braced up after the twentieth round and had a shade
the better of it for two rounds, although Sharkey would slam in
one occasionally. The last three rounds were all in favor of
Jeffries, who came with a rush, peppered Sharkey severely, up
percut him repeatedly with his right, and had the sailor look
ing a bit queer.
In the twenty-fifth round both came up fairly strong and
both went at it hard. Jeffries continued his uppercutting, but, ■
iiii'ortunatelv toward the end Tiis glove came off, and before I
could replace it the gong sounded, calling the end of the round
and fight. -0
Summing up the fight as a whole. I consider that Jeffrief
did cleaner work, while Sharkey roughed it. hit low repeatedly,
besides fouling by hitting several times after the bell had rung.
fully disputed during these weeks of
preparation on the part of her son.
■ "While I never Wished my buy to adopt
this calling." she added, "yet a mother is
evf>r proud when her son does not make a
failure in his business. He is his own
boss, and I presume he .will keep at it un
tii—well, until he Is vanquished by a bet
ter man. Jim may not be what is railed a
Christian, as members of the church are
known, but he is an honorable man, and
I am proud of my boy."
Mrs. Jeffries says she has not had a
letter from Jim for several days, and :-he
does not know when he will come to the
coast. She did not send him any teie
prams. and none have come from him to
the family. His brother, John, and many
friends sent him messages of congratu
lation.
Apnes Jeffries, his youngest sister, at
tended the Orpheum. where returns were
read. AY hen the audience shouted with
delipht the young woman sat as a stoic,
without portraying the least emotion.
The elder brothers were down town and
heard the returns read. They say little,
hut evince much satisfaction over the re
sult. They bet on Jim. but refuse to say
how much, or if it was placed at odds.
LARGEST WAGER
EVER MADE ON
A PRIZEFIGHT
NEW YORK. Nov. 3.— Prior to the en
trance of the men into the ring "Jack"
Fields, a Wall-street broker and a great
admirer of Sharkey, made the largest
single wager recorded on the battle, and
said to be the largest single wager ever
made on a prizefight. He bet $15,000
against .$21,500 with a business man pres
ent, who did not want his name men
tioned.
After Fields had made his bet quite a
number of shrewd men who respect his
judgment placed wagers on Sharkey at
similar odds.
The betting was lively at the ringside,
with Jeffries favorite at 100 to 70. The
admirers of both men put up plenty of
money, and the aisles of the clubhouse
were continually blocked with eager bet
SHARKEY DECLARES
HE WAS ROBBED
NEW YORK, Nov. 3.— 1 was robbed out of a
justly earned victory. I outpointed Jeffries in a
majority of the rounds and should have had the
decision. I protested against Siler as referee,
knowing that he had a feeling against me and
would give me the worst of it. It was only after
"Tom" O'Rourke had told me that Siler would
give me a fair deal that I consented to have him
act as referee: I think all fair-minded persons
who saw # the fight will say that my fears' about
Siler were well founded. I fought five rounds
with two broken ribs. I think 1 can beat Jeffries,
and I want to meet him again.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
tors. The Sharkey people held bark for a
while, hoping to get 10 to 6 for their
money.
One of the first bets marie in the build
ing was J.VXI to $350, with Jeffries favorite.
A Buffalo man, who refused to give his
name, took the Jeffries end. Al Smith
bet $2000 to $1400 on Jeffries, a Philadelphia
stockbroker taking the short end. "Char
ley" Anderson placed $3000 to $2100 on Jpf
ries, a syndicate of four taking the
Sharkey end. .Marcus Meyer bet $1000 to
$700 twice on Jeffries.
"Billy" Roche, McFadden's manager,
made a bet of $1000 to $700 with Joe
Vendig, Roche taking the short end on
Sharkf-y. Martin Dowling bet $7000 to $6000
on Jeffries and had as much more to bet
at the same figure. Falk Brothers bet
$5000 against $3600 on Jeffries, the short
end being taken by Benjamin Falk. Wil
liam Cochrane wagered 91000 to $700 on
Jeffries, with "Parson" Pavies. E. 11.
Almberg bet $500 against $300 with John
Felberg on Jeffries. "Pat" Rogers of
Boston made two bets of $100 to $7 ( i and
$500 to $300 on Jeffries. Edward Whalen
of New Orleans wagered (100 to $70 on
Jeffries with John McPherson of Toronto,
and also $100 to $70 on Jeffries with George
("onpidine. The latter put up $100 to $70
on Sharkey with William Melby.
FITZSIMMONS
WANTS TO MEET
JEFFRIES AGAIN
CHICAGO, Nov. 3.— 80b Fitzsimmons
was greatly pleased at the result of the
fight, declaring that his contract to fight
the winner brought him once more the
chance to fight Jeffries, who wrested the
championship from him.
"I can't understand, though," said Fitz
simmons, "why Jeffries did not knock him
out. It really looks to me as though he
should have done so, and I am mighty
sorry he did not. I have not anything
particular against Sharkey. if he dirt
help to rob me of the decision in San
Francisco; but if Jeffries had knocked
him out it would have been a clean-cut
affair, with no doubts of any kind about
it. As long as I am going to fight Jeffries
THOMAS SHARKEY.2
STORY OF THE FIGHT BY ROUNDS.
NEW YORK, Nov. 3.— Following is
the story of the Jeffries-Sharke;
hr by rounds:
Sharkey rushed In,
swinging his left, and landed on
Jeff- .. They broke awa>
r.iid sparred cautiously until Tom rushi <!
again with a left swing, bat Jeffries pent
him back with a left jab In the
Sharkey, ;:i'ter some Bparring, essayed d
.■..;,:; and followed it up with a right
which landed ha^-k of tke head. Then In
< r rush hf forced Jeffries to the
Topes without doing any damage, but a
moment latrr he serft a right to Jeffries'
inched. They came
■ center and Jeffries feinted with his
Sharkey und, but
back, only to get a stiff left from Jeffries,
which landed on the face. Jeffries seemed
a trifle slow, while Sharkey was all ac
tion. Jeff Bent his right to the neck and
Tom tried to rip his right across the body,
but failed to laSid. They wenl to a. clinch,
from which they wei ted by the
Second round— They met in the center
of the ring, with Sharkey doing the rush
swinging his right for the head, 1 ;:t
Jeffries pot inside of it. Sharkey rushed
[uarters, and got his
• ■ the face. Jeffries returned the
ling his left squarely on the
chin, and Tom wont down in a neutral
. -'iiner, whore ho stayed for six sei
key rushed again, but Jeffrie?
sidestepped and Sharkey slipped to the
floor He was up again with
another rush, only to be driven back
npsiln with a right Jolt on (he body. Jeff
. another right jolt and broke
• iTv^cl. Tom put
right over to the head. Sharkey
. <?d once more and landed right and
left on the face in the breakaway. Jeff
ihen rushed Sharkey to the latter's cor
ner and Tom alipped to the floor in dodg
ing a swing. When he got up they
clinched and were in another clinch when
mg. Pilor walked over and cau
■ key for holding.
Third round — They came together and
Tom =fnt a loft swing which went around
the back of Jeffries' head. They came to
a clinch and Sharkey was again cautioned
for holding. Sharkey rusbed% but Jim
met him with a right Jolt on the body.
Tom's next attempt was more successful.
as he landed on the ear. Jeff drove him
back with left and right to the body.
After a little starring Jeffries stepped
in with a right jolt under the heart. Jef
fries then led a left which fell short and
Sharkey rushed in a right to the body
and was driven bark wiih a hard right
on the body. Twice mure waa Sharkey
• •(1 with similar blows and th>- ,
; with both men interlocked, their
arms forming •; Its.
rih round— Jeffries came out in a
hing attitude, with Sharkey stand
:::;,' • Tom tried loft and right, for
the head, but each blow was blocked.
clinched and as they broke they •■x
-■■•! i ic-ht jolta on the body. Sharkey
: right and l>-f t for the chin, but
Jeff blocked him neatly. Jeff stepped in
with two rights on the body and waa
rmed for using the same blow while
holding, a moment later. Sharkey kept
for the championship, I wish just on that
account that he had knocked Sharkey out.
That would make my title to the cham
pionship so much the clearer when I beat
Jeffries, as you may be sure I am going
to do."
Concerning the decision Fitzslmmons
said:
"It Is hard for a man not at the ring
side and watching a fight with his own
eyes to say what a referee should do. But
I know Siler. and I am willing to bet on
his decision at any time. He knows the
game, and if he said Jeffries won, why,
Jeffries did win, and by a good margin,
too. I have not read all the rounds, but
Sller's judgment is good enough for any
body." ;
From the stage at the theater to-night
Fitzsimmons, after the fight, made a
short speech to the audience. He declared
his intention of righting the winner, say
ing that both Sharkey and Jeffries had
agreed to give him a match.
"I'll beat Jeffries sure," waa his last re
mark as he dodgpd behind the curtain.
TWO MINOR FIGHTS.
DETROIT. Nov. 3.— Otto Seiloff of De
troit got thi night .over Buck
iner of Columbus at the end of the
en here in many a
■ k enough punishment to
. ut out two ordinary men.
BUFFALO, Nov. B.— Jack Daly of Wjl
mlngton, Del., and Eugene Besenah of
: nati fought ten rounds to a draw at
ihe Olympic Club to-night.
WILL PROTECT SOUTH
AMERICAN INTERESTS
Dolphin With a Detachment About to
Sail for La Guayra,
Venezuela.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 4. -Under orders
Issued by Secretary Long, 'he Dolphin
v.-ill Ball on Sunday for La Guayra, Vene
zuela. The Dolphin will carry a detach
ment of men intended for the cruiser De
ti'iit, and shoald the situation in Colom
bia require the presence of a. man-of-war
she will remain ;it I.:i Guayra, whiie the
l><-tr'it proceeds to either Carthagena or
Colon. The Scorpion will leave on No
vember S for Colon, .so that within a few
weeks tiiis Government will have an
up his rushing, but was met every time
by Jeff's right to the ribs. The referee
separated them from a hard clinch.
neither man wanting to let go. Jeff
swung his left to the nock and a mo
• later got his right to tha chest,
Sharkey countering lightly on the head.
Jeffries Jabbed his left straight to Tom's
eye. Doth men were fairly fresb.
when tney returned to their corners.
Fifth round— Sharkey was the quicker
"ii his feet and seni his left to the face,
following with two rights to the head at
rtera Jeffries clinched, and, as
they broke, sent his right hard to the
wind. Sharkey rushed again, but Jef
;net him with another hard right on
the short ribs. Jeffries landed again in
with a powerful right and
Sharkey clinched. They wrestled fur a
moment In the center of the r:n<. After
broke away Sharkey rushed in with
a terrific left on the body, but he missed
xt try and received a left on the
Both men exchanged very hard
!• f: on the face and cross-countered one
Lard over the ear. Sharkey be
gan rushing like a demon and shot his left
face. Jeffries shot back his right
to the body and the bell found them In
quarters. After the gong sounded
•nt his right to the head and
vra.6 cautioned. Brady claimed a foul,
but after Slier had talked to O'Rourke he
i to allow it.
Sixth round— Sharkey was the quicker,
ng like a flash with a hard left on
the chest. They came to a clinch and
when they broke Sharkey stuck his
ue out at Jeffries. Another clinch
and Sharkey sent his left hard to the
neck and drove his right with fearful
force to the kidneys, forcing Jeffries to
another clinch. Sharkey let his left go
for all it was worth on Jeffries' chest and
the big fellow's fraoK was jarred from
the blow. Jeffries shot his left to the
wind and rushed to a clinch, Sharkey
bringing his right with a hard jolt over
the heart. Both fought fiercely without a
let-up, Sharkey having the better of the
in-fighting. Jeffri. s sent his left to the
and Shark"'.- countered with v left
m the mouth, cutting Jeff's sore lip. This
arkey's round.
Beventh round — Sharkey was first to
land with his right on the neck, Jeffries
throwing his left ou the head and to the
chest. Some sparring ensued, until Jef
fries stepped in with a right on the body
and as they came to a clinch Jeffries up
per-cut Tom with a right on the che«t
Tom sent back a left on the head and
then clinched. Sharkey was fighting fast
Jeffries seemed slow in comparison. Jef-
fries sent. his left to .the body and Shar
key sent a hard left hook' back. After
another hard right on the body Tom
ample force in South American waters
to protect American interests.
No word has been received from Min
ister Ivoomis at Caracas or Commander
Hemphill of the Detroit regarding the
revolt inaugurated by Hernandez against
De Castro. The De Castro faction is
recognized as the de facto government
only, and will not be formally recognized
until a majority of the people obey the
laws and regulations of the new adminis
tration.
Run Down by a Oar.
Mrs. Maggie Dunway, an aged woman
who lives on Mission street, near Sixth,
was knocked down by an east-bound Mis
sion-street car at the corner of Sixth and
MiFsion streets aoout 10 o'clock last even
ing, sustaining a fracture of The left leg
above the ankle. Mrs. Dunway mi
crossing the street and the car bore down
on her at a high rate of speed. The
tracks were wet and slippery and the
motor-man was unable to stop the car in
time to save lit r f rom being run down.
She was removed to the Receiving Hos
pital, where the- fractured member was
Bet by Dr. ?.!.' tettiaran.
Fracas in a Gambling Joint.
A fracas occurred last night in the Hop
Wo Beneficial Association Hub rooms at
?ri Clay street. Several Chinese received
severe beatings, bui the arrival of the po»-
Uce averted any serious trouble. After
several occupants of the place had been
taken to the California-street Police Sta
tion, a gang of highbinders, <eorne of
whom were supposed to be armed, de
scended upon the place with the intention
of causing further trouble. Officers Phil
Herrln and John Callahan were obliged
i i remain on guard for several hours to
protect the lives and property of the Hop
wo a members
Police Work Appreciated.
Chief Lees bus received the following
letter from Mrs. Phebe A. Hearst: "Al
though I am sure it is a matter* of pride
with you that everything connected with
the Police Department be done according
■ to a high standard of excellence, still I
have to express m f gratification and
I thanks for the more than usual efficiency
of the service in connection with the ex
hibition of the architectural plans at the
ferry building. The faithful care of the
rooms elicited commendation from all,
and it is a pleasure to report it to you."
Men an* women who are odd might get
evtn by marry ing.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 4, 1899.
swung his left to the head and jarred
the boilermaker to his heels. Sharkey
rushed and swung his left to Jeffries'
bead. Jeff clinched hard and lay over
on his man with such force that the ref
eree had in keep Sharkey from falling.
In the breakaway Sharkey got his left to
the fa<-c. This was another round for
Rharkey.
Eighth round— Jeff assumed the defen
sive near the ropes In his corner and Tom
went to him with a left which went
around the neck, but he shot his right
hard to Jeffs ribs. Sharkey rushed and
swung his left to the head. Jeff returned
with a right on the rib« and they came
to a rough mlx-up. with honors even.
They clinched, and from this Tom landed
a straight left on the head and landed
:i nut her blow a few seconds later with
telling force. Jeffries clinched again and
seemed unwilling to break. Jeffries sent
his entire weight on Sharkey and got
into a clone wrangle, in which Jeffries
had his left to Tom's ear, bleeding It.
They mixed things with fearful force.
both landing heavily on neck and body.
Jeff seemed tired, but met Sharkey s
next rush with right and left jolts to the
body I'.'ith moil were lighting as if their
livers depended on it. and dealt blow after
blow in a clinch, in which Jeffries was on
the defensive. Tom hooked his left to
the jaw, and at close quarters each sent
rights to the wind.
■ Ninth round— Tom rushed again, with
Jeffries on the defensive, but Jaffne3
tripped, ".toadied himself and met Shar
!:.y's rush with a left hook on the ear.
Tom rushed and Jeffries met him with a
terrific right drive under the heart. Jef
fries drove his right to the body and
Sharkey clinched and hung on. After the
break Tom hooked two tefts to the jaw.
They clinched hard and the referee
forced them apart. Both men sent lefts
to the head, but they were glancing
blows. They got to close quarters, in
which they had a wrestling match, each
trying to land a telling blow on the wind.
Jeffries rushed Sharkey to the ropes, but
the latter came back with a rifcht prod on
the wind as the bell rang. Shancey re
tired to his corner laughing.
Tenth round— They got to close quarters
without either landing. Tom stepped in
after the break and Jeffries met him with
a left on the face. Sharkey hugged Jef
fries around the neck and the latter
shoved Tom to the ropes, Tom still hold-
Ing, and the referee, after separating
them, cautioned him. Sharkey hooked his
left to Jeffries' head. He tried this a
second time, but Jeffries ducked safely
and both exchanged hard rights on the
body at slose ouarters. Jeffries stepped
in with a hard left on the face and Khar
kov crossed him with a right on the jaw.
Jeffries swung his right to Sharkey's left
eye, which bled profusely, and they mixed
it viciously till the bell sent them' to cor
ners.
Eleventh round— Sharkey was the ag
gressor, but Jim met him with a left on
the ear. Jeffries then took a turn at
rushing and sent his left to the body and
his right over to the injured eye ' Tom
then rushed, sending a left to the face,
but he was forced back with a hard right
under the heart. Jeffries swung hLs left
to the body and Tom got Into close quar
ters, hooking his right to the ribs. They
came together, with Shnrkey swinging his
left, but Jeffries blocked it cleverly, and
then they exchanged rights on t lie" bod y
following with a clinch. After the break
Jeffries shot his loft at short range up to
Tom's chin, and Tom rushed again, but
Jeffries met him and forced him to the
( aliforman s corner, whore Tom slipped
on a wet spot and Jeffries jolted his left
CORBETT'S BULLETINS TO THE CALL
THE FIRST NEWS GIVEN THE PUBLIC
THE tremendous interest taken in
this city in the meeting of Jeffries
and Sharkey was evidenced by the
mass of humanity which packed
Market street in front of The Call
building, and by the heavy wager
ing done on the contest in the local pool
rooms.
The promise of a perfect system of bul
letins marie by The Call was fulfilled to
the letter. James J. Corbett's accurate
description of the fight was by far the
best and was at all times half a round
ahead of those displayed by the other
papers. While the yellow kid was de
scribing: blows being delivered the magic
name JEFFRIES was displayed by The
Call In flaming letters of light from a
cunningly concealed box on 'the front of
the building. The red fire was blazing
from the dome of The Call building, sig
naling to thousands of watchers, before
the Examiner received tardy Information
that the championship battle had ended
and that the title remained in possession
of Jeffries.
Corbett's knowledge of the game
enabled him to note the varying fortunes
of the men, and he was quick to see that
Jeffries had a shade the better of the
tight throughout the majority of rounds
Frum the tenor of the other bulletins the
spectators were led. to believe that Shar
kty was the better man throughout. The
crowd seemed equally "divided between
the two boxers, each being cheered whon
it appeared the tide of battle had turned
in his favor. Shortly before the end of
the light rain commenced to fall, but
could not dampen the ardor of the thou
sands on the streets.
The betting was the heaviest ever done
tn this city on arfy fight. All the pool
rooms handled a lot of money, but the
bulk of it was wagered through Harry
Corbett. On Thursday night he held
$54,000, and when the night ended this had
been swelled to $104,000 In the straight bet
ting. In addition to this a total of $11.9*55
was played in the pads mutuels. BV>r
each dollar invested oa the last line, In
to the chest, Tom slipping to the floor on
one knee. They were sparring When the
bell rang.
Twelfth round— They came to a clinch,
with Jeffries Jolting his right to the body
After the break Sharkey tried his right
to the body, but Jeffries blocked. Then
Tom tried a left swing for the body, but
Jeffries ducked nicely and a clinch fol
lowed. Both missed lofts for the head
and clinched again. Jeffries swung his
left on the ribs and met Tom's next rush
with a right under the heart. Jeffries
was now on the aggressive, but at a
signal from O'Rourke Sharkey rushed
and landed his left and right on Jeffries
head. He swung his left three times
on Jeffries' ear. Jeffries , the n
looked at his seconds and winked
knowingly, and, stepping in. ripped
a left and right to Tom's body. They
clinched, _ and after they broke away
Tom swung a lief t, which landed full on
Jim's neck. Every blow in this round
seemed heavy ; enough to fell an ox. but
both men went to their corners smiling.
Thirteenth round— As usual Sharkey
was the quicker on his feet. The men
clinched. Sharkey swung a left for the
neck and was countered lightly on the
chest. Jeffries then stepped in with a
right on the body and Sharkey came back
with a terrific swing on the neck, which
staggered the big fallow. Sharkey never
let up for a moment In his attack, and,
after landing a left, Jeff ducked Tom's
loft swing for the neck and the latter,
turning- completely around, landed a back
hand blow on Jeff's ear. It was a pivot
blow and Jeffries' seconds yelled "Foul!"
but Slier poemed' not to hear them and
('.id n«>t caution Sharkey for the pivot.
From this to the end of the round Tom
was the aggressor, with Jeffries blocking.
Fourteenth round— Sharkey opened with
a rush and tried a Wt swing for the
head, which barely missed Jeff as the lat
ter sidestepped and Tom struck the
ropes. Tom was still on the aggressive.
They clinched. Tom swung again and
was again cautioned for holding in a
clinch. Sharkey kept forcing matters and
swung his left, just missing the chin, and
in ;i clinch he sent his loft heavily to the
head, rocking Jeffries, who was "still on
the defensive. Jeffries got his left to the
body twice and Tom sent a left to the
neck and Jabbed another to the face. Jeff
shot his right to the ribs and Sharkey
hooked his left to the neck. Tom forced
Jc-ffrles to the ropes and with a well
directed left jab. which landed full on
Jeff's mouth, made the Californian grunt
audibly. Sharkey out-fought his man in
this round.
Fifteenth round — Jeff came up very
cautiously, crouching along the ropes,
and the sailor cut out the pace. Shamey
which Jeffries won, the bettors will re
ceive $7 65. The following table shows
how the mutuels at Corbett's were |
played:
Jeffries. Tickets Sold. Sharkay. I.
1123 1 to 7 695 1
1978 8 to 13 ..136*
1672 14 to 18 1071
1023 19 to 23 6SI
1176 24 or over 873
WH Total «84
I'ays $7 65 for each dollar ticket sold on last I
line. :
The straight betting continued through- |
out the light and switched about like a
wrath, r vane in the wind. At times each
man was favorite at odds of 2 to 1, the
betting fluctuating in a remarkable man
ner. This was undoubtedly due to the et
forts of men to hedge out when they
thought the fight was going contrary to
the way they anticipated.
The heaviest individual loser is the col
ored plunger, Johnson, who placed the >.
maior portion of JfiOOO on Sharkey. This j
is the lirst important fight in which he |
has failed to pick the winner.
OAKLAND, Nov. 3.— "Jeff wins" was *
flashed on The Call screen to-night, and
instantly there was a wild yell from thou- i
sands of throats. Some time later an
other yell a block away told that the
Chronicle had discovered the news, and
some minutes still later a faint shout four
blocks away was the signal that the Ex
aminer had learned of the fact that the
Reliance Club protege was the undoubted |
champion of the world.
The fact that The Call gave the first
news of the decision in the great light
caused but little surprise, as such thing* '■
bave long been taken as a matter of ,
course. The success of The Call's bulletin !
service was the result of carefully ;
planner! arrangements, and although it \
did not have all the wires of the Marconi
system, it secured the news lirst, and with
this fact the argument ends.
By 6 o'clock the bulletins began to ar
rtve, and the fact that The Call had en
gaged ex-Champion Corbett to report ;ho ;
fight was sufficient to bring out a crowd I
that was only limited by the confines of '
Broadway. The completeness of the de- :
scription of the fight as it progressed and I
bore in and swung his left up to the chin
and a moment later sent it home with
great force on the body. Jeffries tried
a left for the face, but Tom got inside
of the blow and swung his left twice with
fearful effect on Jeffrie>s' head and
face. Tom kept plugging away with
right and left. Jeffries still acting on the
defensive. Jeffries got in a good left on
the face, almost putting Sharkey to tne
floor, but the latter sent back left and
right on the face, splitting Jeff's nose,
from which blood came in streams. The
sight of biood on Jeffries' face seemed
to make a demon of Sharkey, who foupht
fiercely and rushed continually, swinging
lc-ft and right wildly, while Jeffries
planted well directed left and right Jolts
to the sailor's body. It was fierce going
when the bell rang.
Sixteenth round — They rushed to
clinches twice without doing anything.
Jeffries got in a right drive under Tom's
heart. Tom swung two lefts on the head.
They came to a clinch, In breaking away
from which Tom got his left over to the
head. Another clinch followed, and as
they broke Tom shot a straight left to
the damaged nose, forcing Jeffries back
to the ropes. Sharkey followed up, but
the big fellow clinched, and when they
broke away again Sharkey whipped his
left twice over the face, drawing blood
from Jeffries' nose and mouth. Jeffries
countered with a right swing on the eye,
which left Sharkey's loft optic red with
blood. Sharkey rushed again, but Jeff
sidestepped and shot his left to the body.
They were fighting fiercely at close quar
ters at the bell.
Seventeenth round— Clinch followed
clinch without much damage being done
until Sharkey forced Jeff into a neutral
corner, where he sent three lefts In quick
succession to the boilermaker's head and
got nothing in return. Jim rushed from
a clinch and tried to send his right to
the head, but Tom was inside ..he blow
and drove two hard lefts on the jaw,
each one of them with the force of a
pole ax. After a clinch Jim stepped in
with a left to the body and Tom shot an-
other left to the head. Tom feinted with
his right and, drawing Jeff to him, sent
a straight left close to the mark. Jeffr"e3
countered with a right on the boay. They
exchanged lefts on the head and fought
at close 'luarters until the bell ran.? , Shar
key again sending in one after the gong
sounded. Brady called Slier over and
complained of Sharkey's tactics and w h en
Siler refused to interfere a look of dis
gust spread over Brady's features.
Eighteenth round— Tom opened with a
left swing for the head, but Jeff blocked
him. Then they got to close qua- ters and
clinched. After they broke Jeff landed
a right swing on Tom's ear, but the sailor
was right back with three left-hand iabs
the intelligent wording of the bulletins
from the ringside provided an entertain
ment only second to that of being an
actual witness of the great battle.
The people of Oakland have long real
ized that they must obtain their quickest
and most reliable news from The Call,
and in addition to furnishing the new 3
first to the thousands on the street it also
supplied by telephone hundreds of people
from all pver the county. For over three
hours The Call telephone did not have
ton seconds' rest. •
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 3.— The Call scored
a ten-strike with the people of Sacramen
to to-nlsnt by the manner in which it
bulletined 'the rounds of the Sharkey-Jef
fries fight. For days past the San Fran
cisco Examiner had been exposing 1 to the
gaze of the populace posters announcing
that it was going to be the first in the
field with the news. However, on tnis oc
casion, f\? on others. The Call showed its
superiority as a disseminator of the first
and freshest news. This was accomplished
it might be added without any preliminary
blowing of trumpets.
The bulletins were made public at ?'he
Call headquarters- diagonally across from
the Golden Eagle Hotel, and not since the
days when great political meetings were
held in that vicinity has" such a crowd
collected. In all directions the streets
fronting the headquarters were thronged
and the street cars were moved with dif
ficulty. "he crowd expressed many com
pliments for The Call's prompt and
enterprise. The bulletins of its San Fran
cisco contemporary were presented in u~e
form, but they had the disadvantage of
being from a minute to two minutes ate,
and with such an anxious crowd a min
ute's delay meant as much as ; an hour.
The Call may justly claim the credit for
having kept the Sacramento people in
formed on to-night's tight ahead of all
other agencies. • • . . :
Dr. Nieto Lectures.
Pr. Joseph Nieto inaugurated his winter
series nf Friday night lectures last even
ing before the congregation of Sherith Is
rael. The title of his discourse was "Old
Pictures in New Frames."
hard to the face. Jeffries clinched and
Tom hooked with his right to the neck
and then they swung on cacti other
viciously. In a clinch Sharkey hung on
to Jeffries' neck with his left arm, drag
ging Jeffries across the ring. They broke
Clean and Tom swung his left with fearful
force to the body and Jeff shook from the
top of his head to the soles of his feet.
Jeff was more careful after this and kept
on the defensive until the end of the
round, which was decidedly Sharkey's on
points, barring the hugging.
Nineteenth round— Sharkey rushed, but
Jeffries was first to land, sending his
right hard under the heart. Sharkey
broke away and hooked his left over to
Jeff's ear. They clinched again and
Sharkey brought his left hard across the
stomach. Jeffries complained that Shar
key was holding him, but Siler thought
differently and told the men to go on and
fight. Sharkey led with a left to the
head. Jeff ducked and put his left
hard on the wind. Sharkey rushed in
again, sending his left to the head and
in a half-clinch sent his free right hand
over the kidney three times. Jeffries
clinched, and after they broke Sharkey
swung his left to the cheek and crossed
his right over on the opposite side. Both
of these blows jarred Jeffries, but he came
back and- jabbed his left to the wind and
shot the same hand straight to Sharkey s
face and the sailor staggered. They were
fighting at close range at the sound of
the gong.
Twentieth round— Sharkey, as usual,
was first up and quickest on his feet
and forced Jeffries to a neutral corner,
but failed to land left and right swings
which he attempted. They broke from
a clinch in the middle of the ring and Jef
fries sent his left straight to the mouth.
They exchanged left swings on the ear
and pot into another clinch, from which
the referee had to separate them. Both
men were slower in movement and clinch-
Ed repeatedly without landing a blow.
Sharkey sent two straight lefts to Jeff's
nose, bringing blood In streams, but a few
seconds later Jeff jolted his right under
Tom's chin. Lefts and rights were exchang
ed on the face and chest and a straight left
jab from Jim landed on the sailor's mouth
and jarred the Irishman. The pace in
creased toward the end of the round
without any other damage being done.
Twenty-first round — As usual the fight
ing started on Jpffries 1 side of the ring.
They got to the center in a clinch and Jeff
shot his right to the body. Sharkey re
sponded with two rights over the kid
neys. They exchanged lefts to the face
and Jim stepped in with a hard right on
the body, Sharkey countering lightly.
Jeffries landed another right on the body
and jabbed his left to Tom's face. Both
exchanged rights over the kidneys, while
they laughed at each other semi-good
naturedly. They came to clinch, and af
ter the break Tom swung his left to the
neck, Jim responding with a straight left
on the mouth just before the bell.
Twenty-second round— They moved cau
tiously and Jeffries was first to land, send
ing a right to the body. Then he sent a
straight left to the face and Sharkey le
plied with a left swing on the jaw. After
a clinch Jeffries sent his left to Sharkey's
injured eye and the Irishman's optir Be
gan to bleed freely. Tom kept boring in,
but Jim met him twice with straight lefts
on the face. Three times they clinched
and broke and each time Sharkey landed
a back hand right on Jeff's face. Jim
stepped in with a fearful rig-ht upper cut
under the chin and repeated It twice as
they broke from a clinch. Sharkey turned
to his manager, O'Rourke, and laughed,
while Tommy Ryan and other men in
Jeffries' corner ahouXed to him, "Go on!
go on!" Jeffries failed to follow up his
advantage, but the force of these blows
was visible when the bell rang, and Shar
key wobbled perceptibly as he went back
to his corner.
Twenty-third round— They came to
gether with a rush in the center of the
ring and Jeff ehot his right to the chin.
They clinched and Tom forced Jeffries'
head back with his left glove under the
chin. When they broke away Jeffries
smiled and feinted with his left, and they
went to a clinch again without anything
being done. They exchanged light lefts
on the head and both missed lefts for the
body. Jim jabbed a straight left to Tom's
Injured eye and Tom clinched after the
break. Jim jabbed his left to the sailor's
stomach and forced Sharkey across the
ring. They came to a clinch In which
Shfirkey forced Jim's head back with his
elbow under the jaw. Again they came
"You Can't Catch the
Wind in a Net."
Neither can you cure catarrh by local
applications. It is a. constitutional disease,
and is cured by Hood's Sarsaparilla be-
cause it is a constitutional remedy. It
expels from the blood the impurity
<which causes the disease, and rebuilds
and repairs the inflamed membranes.
3tOGd2 \ SoUa/ki^i
to a clinch, from which they had to he
broken by the referee, with Sharkey
holding. Jim jabbed his left to the face
and staggered him. Sharkey clinched,
and after the bell rang sent his right over
to the head as the referee was forclrj
them apart.
Twenty-fourth round— Jeffries waa it] i
quicker and met Sharkey's rush,
clinched and after the break Tom
his right over to the neck. Jeff Jabb<
his left lightly to the face. Sharkey tn
his left, but fell short and received
right smash on the ear. Jeffries seen;
to be improving steadily, and as
came in close to him Jeff shot his right
to Tom's chin. Sharkey clinched agal;.,
and after they broke Jim reached tha
sailor with a right swing en the ear.
Sharkev still kept boring in, but Jim met
him every time with a left or right hoox
on the head and these soon made Sharkev
groggy. Sharkey clinched frequently, but
Jim kept pushing him off. fom rushed
back, swinging left and right wildly for
the head, but failed to land, and Jim,
caught him with a right on the jaw.
They clinched, with Jeff decidedly tha
Wenty-flfth round^They shook hand 3
in the center. Jeffries led for the head,
but Sharkey ducked. Again Jeffriea led,
but once more Tom was clever and
ducked away from him. Both swung
rights. Tom's were blocked, but Jim's
were ' landed quite frequently. They
clinched and Jim hooked a left to Tom 3
ear. the sailor returning with a right on
the body. Tom kept coming to his man,
but was met with uppercuts on the chest,
and a clinch followed. Jeffries sent his
right to the- body, with Tom hooking
three rights back of the head. Tom
swung a right viciously for the head, but
fell short, and Jim hooked his left hard
to the jaw, staggering the sailor. In a
clinch Tom slipped to the floor, pulling
Jim's left glove with him as he fell. The
referee picked up the glove and tried to
adjust it. Meanwhile Sharkey tried to
get at the Californian. Jeffries broke
away from the referee as Sharkey led for
him with his right, and Tim sent his right
over Sharkey's shoulder. The referee had
to get between them, and as he did so the
bell rang, ending the fight. The referee
then decided Jeffries the winner.
Eagleson's
Great Stock of
"Fall
Underwear
From the best mills in the
United States and Europe.
Reliable Goods
Low Prices
748=750 Market St.
242 Montgomery St.
EUGENE FIELD'S POEMS,
A $7.00 BOOK.
The Book of the century. Handsomely
Illustrated by thirty-two of the Worlds
Greatest Artists.
GIVEN FREE
to each Derson Interested In subscribing
to the Eugene Field Monument Souvenir
Fund. Subscribe any amount desired.
Subscriptions as low as $1 will entltU
donor to this daintily artistic volume
"FIELD FLOWERS"
(doth bound, 8x11), as a certificate of sub-
scription to fund. Book contains a selec-
tion of Field's best and most representa-
tive works and is ready for delivery.
But for the noble contribution of th»
world's greatest artists this book could not
have been manufactured for less than $7.
The Fund created is divided equally be-
tween the family of the :ate Eugene Field
and the Fund for the bulldlnjr of a monu-
ment to the mpmory of the beloved poet
nf childhood. Address
EUGENE TIELD MONUMENT SOUVENIR FUND,
180 Monroe St., Chicago.
(Also »t Book Stores.)
If you also wish to send postage, enclose
I 10 cents.
Mention this Journal, as Adv. Is inserted M
our ContributionLADYSMITH IS STILL CUT OFF FROM THE WORLD
Communication Not Restored,
But Britons Hope White's
Forces Will Withstand the
Boers' Attacks Until Rein
forcements Arrive.
LONDON, Nov. 4. — The Standard publishes a dispatch
from Luxembourg which says:
"Until within a few days Dr. Leyds has been in telegraphic
communication with Pretoria, through an indirect diplomatic
channel, by means of which he has been able to inform the
Transvaal of the supposed British plan to advance through the
Orange Free State. With a view of anticipating this move
ment the Boers will endeavor to capture or isolate Ladysmith
and then press on to Durban, where they would be able to pre
vent a British debarkation, while the main Boer army would has
tily retrace its steps to defend the line of the Orange River."
At Plymouth it is rumored that the channel squadron will
be ordered to the Cape, where a great naval force is to be col
lected with a view of establishing a cordon from the mouth of
the Orange River to Delagoa Bay to prevent the landing of
supplies for the enemy and with a view also, if necessary, of
landing guns to assist the British forces.
LONDON. Nov. 4, 5. a. m.— Communi- !
cation has not been restored with
Ladysmith. In a message sent
through a colleague at Pletermantz
burg on Tuesday night the Dai.y
Telegraph's war correspondent states that
•women, children and other non-combat
ents were being Bent south by train, as
the enemy threatened to attack the town
In force on Wednesday or Thursday.
The Dally Telegraph's special corre
spondent In camp, telegraphing about tne
same time, follows up this information
with the assurance that, although the
situation is disagreeable. it is not regard
ed as critical.
Everything confirms th© Inference that
the Boers are now in their utmost
strength at Ladysmith and were making
preparations for the investment of tne
camp. It was to check or delay this move
ment that General White undertook the
action of Monday, which has so consider
ably reduced his forces.
The naval brigade will In a large meas
ure make up the loss. In the opinion of
the Telegraph's war correspondent the
earlier arrival of the naval contingent
■would have altered the entire character
of Monday's fight. As it was they certain
ly checked the determined advance of the
Boers, who seem to have thought the time
had arrived, with the complete union of
their three great columns, to strike a final
blow at General White's forces, so much
Inferior In numbers to their own. General
Joubert will never have such a chance
again, for every hour brings nearer the
debarkation of an Immense army.
In closing his last dispatch, which got
through from Pletermaritzburg on Tues
day, the Telegraph's war correspondent
Fays that defensive works were then in
course of construction upon the hills near
I^adyemlth, and it was expected the big
naval guns would be mounted at once.
Ladysmith, he also said, is provisioned
for two months.
All accounts concur in showing: chat
General Joubert's forces suffered severe
ly from the British artillery fire on Mon
day, as they have done in every encoun
ter.
The accounts that continue to arrive
regarding the fighting on Farquhar's j
farm Monday only confirm its serious na
ture and the narrow escape General
White had. On this point the Morning j
Post remarks:
"Nothing tells such a tale of battle as
the list of the missing. When the miss
ing exceed the killed it is almost safe to j
writ© defeat across the story, because j
•missing" means abandonment or sur
render."
It now appears as if it were only the
arrival of the naval contingent from the
Powerful which, prevented a worse dis
aster. It seems that, when it was seen
that the retirement was imperative, two
Natal cavalrymen volunteered^ to convey
a dispatch across the Boer lines to Major
Adye, ordering him to retire, but the risk
was considered too great and flag sig
naling was employed instead. The dist
ance was too great and the ground too
rough for cavalry to go to his assistance.
A dispatch from Colesburg, dated No
vember 1, announces that six police who
were stationed at Colesburg bridge were
surrounded and captured. ■ This is prob
ably the origin of the story that the Boers
had occupied Colesburg.
Paris and Berlin continue to supply
statements of British reverses, the latest
being that Mafeking has fallen.
The Paris correspondent of the Daily
News asserts that since the war began
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SUNNY WOMEN.
Who has not known the woman whose
disposition is described by that one word
"sunny ?" There's always a laugh lurk-
ing on her lips. Her cheeks are ever
ready to dimple in smiles. Her house-
hold influence is as brightening and
stimulating as the sunshine. Nothing
can be cruder than to have this sunshine
blotted out by disease. But this is a
common cruelty. The young wife who
was the sunshine of the home becomes
its shadow. Every young wife should
know the value of Dr. Pierces Favorite
Prescription in the protection and pres-
ervation of the health. It promotes
regularity, dries the drains which enfee-
ble body and mind, and cures inflamma-
tion, ulceration and female weakness.
It nourishes the nervous system and
gives to the body the balance and buoy-
ancy of perfect health. It is a strictly
temperance medicine.
■ I can say that your medicine cured me,"
writes Mrs. Maud Pearce, of Stoutsville, Hair-
field Co., Ohio. "I had suffered atxvit twelve
veorsfrom female weakness and I had almost
given up. thinking there was no cure for me.
Then I neard about l)r. Pierces medicine and
thought I would try it. and can soy thnt seven
bottles of your ' Favorite Prescription ' made me
well. I am now able to do my own housework.
I took about twelve bottles iv all of Dr. Pierces
medicines. Took Rome of the 'Golden Medical
Discovery,' 'Favorite Prescription ' and some of
the ' Pleasant Pellets ' "
Dr. Pierces Pellets cure constipation.
the Boer secret service fund has been In
creased to £10,000 monthly and that pro-
Boer journalists are bribed by the whole
pale. None of the rumors are yet con
firmed and little attention is paid to them.
CASUALTIES AMONG
THE RANK AND FILE
LONDON, Nov. B.— The following is a
detailed revised report of the total cas
ualties among the rank and file at Far
quhar's Farm:
Artillery— Four killed, twenty-nine
wounded and eighty-five missing.
Cavalry— Two killed, nine wounded,
none missing.
First Kings Rifles— One killed, thirty
two wounded, twenty-one missing.
Second Kings Rifles— Eight killed, twen
ty-nine wounded, sixteen missing.
Leicestershire Regiment— Two killed,
eighteen wounded, four missing.
Dublin Fusileers— None killed, three
wounded, sixteen missing.
Manchester Regiment— None killed, six
wounded, one missing.
Irish Fusileers— Ten killed, forty-one
wounded, missing unknown.
Gloucestershire Regiment— Thirty killed,
fifty-three wounded. 330 missing.
Engineers and Naval and Colonial
forces— None killed, seven wounded, none
missing.
Revised total— Fifty-seven killed. 227
wounded, 473 missing, the last mentioned
not including the Irish Fusileers.
A significant fact indicating the hasty
character of General White's retreat to
Ladysmith is the number of men cap
tured, apart from the members of the
Gloucestershire and Irish FusLleers taken
j prisoners.
JOUBERT PROTESTS
AGAINST USE OF LYDDITE
LONDON, Nov. 3.— Belated dispatches
from the British camp at Ladysmith, Na
j tal, add little information regarding Mon
! day's fight except the estimates of the
; Boer losses, which are now said to be 95
; killed and 200 wounded, mostly victims of
j the artillery sheila, which have wrought
such great havoc that it is said General
Joubert. the Boer commander in chief,
; has written a letter to GeneraJ White,
| the British commander, protesting against
the use of lyddite. According to all ac
counts the presence at Ladysmith of the
long-range naval guns and the splendid
shooting of the bluejackets have materi
ally improved the position of the British.
A temporary armistice was declared Mon
day evening to allow of the col.'eetion of
the dead and wounded.
A dispatch from Klmberley dated Octo
ber 29 said all the wounded were doing
well. Small bodies of Boers about 400
strong were then frequently seen. They
apparently came from Mafeking for the
purpose either of assisting In the attack
on Klmberley or to resist the advance of
reinforcements. The absence of water
outside the place causes the Boers to con
tinually move their camps.
ENGLAND CONFIDENT OF
UNCLE SAM'S FRIENDSHIP
LONDON, Nov. 3.— The rumors of the
Continental anti-British coalition continue
to occupy the French papers. Referring
to the alleged Anglo-American under
standing, said to be the outcome of the
Spanish-American war, the Figaro says:
The Washington Cabinet is convince
that had it not been fo the resolute atti
tude of Great Britain the McKinley ad
ministration would have had to face a
European coalition in Spain's behalf to
deprive the ITnited States of the fruits of
victory. The English played so well on
this string that at the present moment, if
Europe did not remain in a position of
Ptri. t neutrality it would not be long be
fore a United States fleet showed Its flag
on the eastern and southern coasts of
Africa. That Is the Emperor's nightmare
, and it will be u.=o<i as an argument In
; J> v °r of an increase of the German navy.
I The English hope that the increase will
STRATEGY OF THE BOERS
IS DUE TO AN AMERICAN
WASHINGTON, Nov. 3.— A former American army officer may be respon
. siDie r,.r the splendid military strategy displayed by the Boers In their re
cent engagement near l.adysmlth. The cable dispatches some days ago men
tioned an American by the name of Blake as leading a Boer command. T was
Uy an army officer to-day that this man was undoubtedly John Y. Fil
more Blake formerly lieutenant in the Sixth United States Cavalry and a
graduate of West Point. The officer with whom 1 talked was a ciassmate
of Blake. He recalled that he had gone to the Transvaal several years ago,
and knowing the oharacter of the man and that he was closely allied with the
Boers, he expressed the opinion that his former classmate was probably a
lead ng spirit in the recent movr-ment which resulted so disastrously to the
British troops. Speaking further, he said that it was evident the Boers
were getting good military advice from some source
t> J h X lm , presf "" n , has . Prevailed hero among sir my men for some time past
that the Boers hod with th.-m a number of ex-army officers from European
countries, but it was not supposed that any forrm-r American officer was
engaged with them until the name of Blake was mentioned in the dispatches
some days ago^ Blake is a daring fellow of the cowboy type. He was ap
pointed to the Military Academy from Arkansas, and one of his classmates re
called to-day that when he first appeared at the Military Academy he af
forded a great deal of amusement to the other cadets by reason of his wild
Western make-up and mannerisms. H« graduated In 1876 standing high in
his class and was assigned to the Sixth Cavalry, then serving in Texas
Whr n his regiment was ordered North he found army life too tarn* for his
adventurous spirit, and after about eight years 1 service resigned alfc went
West. He subsequently entered Into business In Detroit, where he married
He left there four or five years ago for the Transvaal and at last accoun's
was making considerable money out of mining interests.
THE SAN FR AN CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 4, 1899.
Sir Redvers Buller, the Commander in Chief, and a Group of British Officers.
be made with the view of a conclusion of
an alliance between Great Britain, Ger
many and the United States.
BOMBARDMENT OF MAPEKING.
LONDON, Nov. 4.— A special corre
spondent of the Dally Mail at Mafeklng,
under date of October 22, says:
"General Cronje's bombardment of
Mafeking was monotonous. The Boers
fired sixty-two shell?, but did no harm,
the whole town— even the ladies— laughing
at the affair. He threatens to bring a
forty-pounder from Pretoria, Crnnje says
he jjj sorry for the women's sake that he
phelled the town, but it was not playing
the pame to send dynamite trucks among
his men. Fifteen hundred of his com
mand have since departed to the south
ward. Small parties of our garrison is
sued forth nightly .and harassed the out
post I hear that the Daily Mail's corre
spondent at Lohatsi Is a prisoner in the
hands of the Boers," • '
CAPE TOWN. Nov. 1 (delayed In trans
mission).—The Cape Times says It has
reliable information that there have been
no casualties among the British at Ma
feklng since October 13. After the heavy
bombardment General Cronje asked the
town to surrender. Colonel Baden-Powell
was asleep when the messenger arrived,
but on being awakened received him hos
pitably and politely replied: "I will let
you know when we have had enough."
ENGLAND'S UNPREPAREDNESS.
HERON. Nov. 3.— The statement of the
British Secretary of State for War, Mar
quis I^ansdowne. at the cutlers' feast In
Sheffield yesterday, that the military pre
parations in the difficulty with the Trans
vaal could not be n.ept ahreast of the dip
lomatic negotiations has evoked severe
comment on the part of the German press.
The Neuste Nachrlchten says: This as
sertion will- amaze the world, and espe
cially Germany, for it implies either that i
the army and diplomacy of Great Britain
are unequally balanced or that both are
inefficient. For the purpose of compari
son we need but recall Germany's pre
paredness in IH7O and the fact that Count
yon Moltke on the first day of the mobili
zation was found reading a novel. I>ord
L,ansdowne's statement only confirms the
opinion of outside critics that the British
nation Is no longer an efficient tool for
politics on a vast scale. Perhaps Eng
land's experiences in South Africa will
suffice to bring home the national instinct
of the British the necessity for a radical
reorganization of the British military sys
tem.
AN ACT OF COURTESY.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 3.— Permission has ;
been given to agents of the British Gov
ernment to compress in New York and
Boston a large shipment of Canadian hay
destined for the use of the British army
in South Africa. It was represented to
the Treasury Department that at present
there are no suitable presses in the Do
minion which are available, and as it is
important that the shipment should leave
these ports not later than the 35th of the
present month the Government was ap
pealed to to make the concession. This
was d6ne as an act of courtesy to he
British Government and is not regarded
as a precedent. The British agents rep
resented that, while the hay shipments
from Canada probably would be very I
large they expected to have modern com- j
: presses ready for use within a short time !
| In the sections where the hay Is raised.
BOERS HAD PRACTICE.
LONDON. Nov. 4.— The Paris corre
spondent of the Daily Mail says:
"I learn that the Transvaal and Free I
State Governments before the war placed |
large orders with the gunmakers at Le i
Creuzot, but that not all the weapons
could be delivered owing to the sudden- |
ness with which hostilities began. The j
guns the Boers are actually using are ■
Creusots 75-milimeter quick-firers and 155- j
milimeter siege and garrison guns, all
mounted on light carriages and adapted
In every possible way for use over muddy
roads. They had two months' firing prac- |
tlce under competent Creusot agents. If |
they could have had another month's i
practice no European artillerist could
have withstood them."
AUSTRALIA'S CONTINGENT.
SYDNEY, N. S. W., Nov. 3.—Tremen
dous enthusiasm was displayed to-day on
the occasion of the embarkation of the
second detachment furnished by the Col
ony of New South Wales for service In
South Africa.
The Premier, Mr. L,ynne, has communi
cated to the other Australian Premiers a
suggestion that the Colonies should dis
patch to South Africa another body of
troops to be called the Australian contin
gent. He says that if necessary 10,000
men could be sent.
HEAVY SUNS MOUNTED.
LONDON. Nov. 3.— The Dally Mail pub
lishes the following dispatch from Lady
smith, dated Wednesday morning:
"Matters are quiet. The Boers are ap
parently mounting more heavy guns to
the north and northeast, which are likely
to give us trouble. A Boer contingent 500
strong. aml clearly visible from the camp,
is streaming away to the south. The in
habitants of Ladysmith continue to leave
the town.
BRITISH TROOPS CONFIDENT.
LADYSMTTH, Nov. 1 (delayed in trans
mission).—This afternoon everything is
quiet, the enemy showing no disposition
to come to close quarters. The British
guna occupy strong positions around
Ladysmith. and further developments are
awaited with confidence.
Tho British troops are full of fight, and
the Boers will meet with a warm recep
tion if they attack the town, as the gar
rison is quite ready for them.
NAVAL PRIZE COURT.
CAPE TOWN, Oct. 31 (Delayed In
transmission).— Sir Alfred Mllner, in hte
capacity of vice admiral of the Cape dls
trict, has Issued a proclamation establish
ing a naval prize court during the con
tinuance of the war. This Is aimed at
foreigners who might aim to land sup
plies for the Boers.
BOERS ARE CONCENTRATED.
LOURENZO MARQUES, Nov. 2 (De
layed in transmission).— Five bodies of
Boers, totaling 4000 men, with field guns
are concentrated at Bethelue bridge. They
have collected much food.
FRENCH SYMPATHY.
PARIS. Nov. 3.— The Municipal Council
M There are three £ood features combined in
~-| our $ip suits and overcoats — rightness, fitness,
: ■ They are right in price, fit correctly and are
:. I This trio forms the source of satisfaction that
H We keep all clothes in repair free for one year.
Get our samples — we give them freely to
1 S. N. WOOD & CO., I
S For all Dillons and Nervous Disorders; Sick \
• Headache, Constipation, Weak Stomach,
• Impaired Digestion, Disordered Liver, and
; Impure Blood*
2 Beecham's Pills hare the largest sale of any Proprietary Medicine in the world. This has been \
Z achieved without the publication of testimonials. 10 cents and 26 cents, at all drag stores. |
to-day passed resolutions expressing its
entire sympathy for the Boers, "who are
struggling for independence." expressing
regret that the European powers had not
intervened to prevent the conflict, and
hoping that peace would be speedily se
cured.
KIMBERLEY WAS SAFE.
ORANGE RIVER, Cape Colony. Nov. 1
(Delayed in transmission).— Kimberley is
still safe and the wounded are doing well.
TO MOBILIZE MILITIA.
LONDON, Nov. 3.— An army order is-
sued this evening instructs the proper
authorities to mobilize thirty-five battal
ions of militia at their respective head
quarters on various dates after November
20.
SECOND IN COMMAND.
PLYMOUTH, England. Nov. 3.— Rear
Admiral Lord Charles Beresford has a<>
cepted the post of second in command at
the British Mediterranean squadron, in
succession to Rear Admiral Henry Noel,
whose time expires In January next. Lord
Beresford has already selected his staff.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
a Qmm&m ♦ « ♦ a <$> s ♦ &$&vo&o&m
I 4e iffliWi i
{Eastman j
♦ 9
g£ ...AT... 4)>
1 Reduced Prices. I
I No. 2 FALCON. |
& . Regular price, $5 00. <j>
§ Reduced to $3.35. I
fa &
§ No. 2 BULLSEYE. 1
# Regular price. $8.00. <£
| Reduced to $5.35. J
§ No. I FOLDING POCKET KODAK I
Q Regular price. $10 00. <£
| Reduced to $6.65. 1
I No. 4 CARTRIDGE KODAK, I
ft <S
<§• Regular price, $25 00. £
I Reduced to $16.65. i
<?> m
•& is
2 ALL OTHER EASTMAN KODAKS AT <£
3 PROPORTIONATE PRICES. **
& <S>
§ i
# FOR SALE AT THESE PRICES BY #
$T. P. Andrews 109 Montgomery St. 9
§ Wm. 0. Bacon 18 Post St. §
2 Hirseh & Kaiser ...7. Kearny St.
2 H. B. Hosmer 538 Market St. S
2r Geo. H. Kahn...Sutter and Kearny Sts. <
% Henry Kann &Co 642 Market St. §
% Kirk, Geary &Co 220 Slitter St. $
No-Percentage Drug Co-949 Market St.
» Henry J. Shillcock 841 Mission St. §
STATEMENT
— of THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
AMERICAN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF BOSTON, IN THE STATE OF MASSA-
chusetts, on the 31st day of December, A.
D. 189S, and for the year ending on that day, a*
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash $300,000 00
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $559,41100
Amount of Loans secured by pledge of
Bonds, Stocks and other marketable
securities as collateral 15,000 00
Cash in Company's Office 1,727 74
Cash in Banks 24,224 28
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans 2.926 16
Premiums in due Course of Collection. 45,568 27
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks, pre-
miums more than three months due. 251 00
Total Assets $649.408 43
LIABILITIES. — *
Losses adjusted and unpaid: $2,136 63
Losses in process of Adjustment or In
Suspense '. 14,901 21
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $138,275 82; re-
Insurance 50 per cent 69,137 91
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $109,213 64;
re-insurance pro rata 64,298 76
Due and accrued for salaries, rent, etc 2.832 43
All other liabilities 18,842 81
Total Liabilities .$172.149 77
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums '. $188,037 69
Received for Interest and dividends on
Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from all
other sources 22,618 65
Received for profit on sale of secur-
ities 5,21150
Total Income ■■■■$215,867 84
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
cluding $32,122 42 . losses of previous
years) $110,499 06
Dividends to Stockholders 18,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 41,118 28
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 18,374 36
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 6.528 02
All other payments and expenditures.. 18,058 76
Total Expenditures ....$212.578 47
Losses incurred during the year. fire.. $95,119 29
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $23,953,707 $257,513 17
Net" amount of Risks
expired during the
year 23.054,741 249,955 95
Net amount in force
December 31, 1898 22.354.315 247.489 46
FRANCIS PEABODY, President
• HENRY S. BEAN. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 7th
day of February, 1599.
GEO. M. AMERIGE,
, Notary Public.
BAGGS & STOVEL,
General Agents Pacific Coast,
411 California . Street,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAI*
34
LOW METHODS TO
INJURE CLARK
Scurrilous Falsehoods
Circulated.
INVENTED BY ROBERT KENT
ONCE AN INMATE OF AN INSANE
ASYLUM.
X)ecent Men on Both Sides Disgusted
With the Tactics and the R♦pub
lican Nominee's Position
Is Strengthened.
Special PlFpateh to Th<« Cnli.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 3— An evening
newspaper to-night publishes a Bcurri-
Lnvented by Robert Kent, a
member of the Board of Trustees, accus
ing <"lark. the Republican standard
-1 carer with trying to influence him to
form a combination with three other
members of the board for the purpose
• ■ ■ tax] • rs. The story 'is
led as a malicious attempt to injure
Clark.
Som-' time ago Kent exhibited symptoms
y, and out of respect to his
friends and parents Clark took him to a
private asylum at Stockton. After two
s' treatment he was discharged and
D. J. MAN MX.
returned to this city,. Since then Kent
lias imat.: • . . nay.
Laboring . ■ • .. Re
hini,
Kent, In order to Injure his chances for
• emy's
hJm In Leitch"s barnyard,
In an alley between l'iiih and Sixth and
leavored to ln
' " ■ tlon which
was - -• [n the Board of Trus-
K< nt, who Is ■ • re
■ ■ .-' • ond War. l
ticket, further
led that he could have
it he would stand in
with ■ • on.
; tv, pom
timo
asy
lum, but at the solicitation of his friends
he d< It. Mr. Leitch, who
Is oi I cltii
t)i<- city, ;in>l h
meeting took p -night
K< nt.
'"it is ,;•■ he r'" I
marked. "Why newspapers should
anything I man like Ke:
stranj I I t. Georg Clark
was nevi r m. If he had I een
1 would 1: ■■• tali m somel
■ ■
the !.nrn is locked, and it would have
Lrk to have
one of my family know-
Ing - • ■-. story
c, calculated to injur I ■
' ' ■ blest young
imento."
Fri. nds of Clai rtuously Indig
nant, and illy appeal
■is of the -
t0 v ' '■ ■ of the un
w an
■r a number of men who
wen . Kent to-night announced
■ for Georg
for the
:" the moat poitular
mvii In thi ■ m-.1.
DEMOCRATS FAVOR CLARK.
Honest Expressions of Opinion From
D. J. Memnix and Others.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 3.— As the elec
tion George ''lark continues
to gain votes, much to the dl
of Russ Stephens, his Democratic oppo
nent in the fight for Mayor. t< Is now
conceded by several of Stephens' most
ardei I ■ rs that ("lark has an ad
vanti ■ walkover," l!ots
are being ' red that he will win
by ;■ ' :' votes.
W. D. Lawton, ex -president of the City
dl a prominent Dem
the candidacy of
Stephens Ele Intends to vote for Clark,
publican standard-bearer.
Another Democrat who is opposed to
the elect of St< phens is D. J. Mannix,
the well-known contractor and former
mcml itj and county Dem
ocrat! central committees.
"I '] -s shall I vote
he Raid to-day. "I am
'unalterably opposed to his candidacy, as
I am convinced that hr> is not a lit man
for tli' place. For twenty yearn the
■ man who with matchless effrontery
now 1 c the-1 lemocratic rest
dent.- of Sacramento Into electing him to
the : 1 the gift of th«
--p. .']•: • ■ the ] rty for
what there waa In It, His treachery to
•ir distinguished citizens, who,
gh bis cajolt ry, accepted nomina
.it his hands, is s matt< r of history.
Let him or.;'<- get hold of the reins of the
• and the respectable ele
wlll !" iMon their
hom< ty in Might. Always
surrounded i>y political blacklegs
■ ever ast disgrace on the party
which he represents, lie now
has the audacity to appear in \h<- role of
a r« : ending for the suffrage of
the very people whom he has repeatedly
outraged. The people of Sacramento who
have the Interest of the dt3 at heari de
■: Clark. He is emi
nently qualified for and would
übt make a m I May >r. r will
be greatly surprised if he is not elected
by a handsome ma lorlty."
J. E. Terry of the tirm of Friend &
Terry, extensive lumber merchants, and
one of the most prominent residc-:t«t of
. .ty, Is r ''i ; for Clark. He places hi*
majority at about 1000 votes. Terry and
• 'lark were schoolmates, and the bonds
of friendship which held them tog<"h<?r
when they were boys still exist.
"I do not kni'\v of a more worthy citi
z'-n than George Clark," remarked Mr.
Terry to-day. "Jh- has the ability. Is
cognizant of the needs of the city
Soap not only for toil-
et and bath but for
shaving. Pears was
the inventor of shav-
ing stick soap.
| and would, in my estimation, make the
. best Major we have had for many years.
Ihe citizens of Ikis Angeles elected a
young man Mayor some time ago and
: they have reason, to be proud of him.
! Just so with Sacramento. "We nerd ;i
' young, enterprising man to handle the af
! fairs of the city government, and no bet
ter Selection could be made than George
Clark. 1 am satisfied that a majority of
the voters iigro« with me and that they
will cast their ballots for the Republican
standard bearer." rf< 7*.
Ex-Assemblyman F. H.itfleld has this to
say about Mr. Clark;
Who dn 1 think will be Mayor? George
H. chirk. There are very many good
reasons why he should be. He Is honest,
■ capable and received the nomination
fairly after a primary election open to
Republican in tho city, and at
h primary more votes were cast than
ever before, and this is essentially a Re
pul lican city.
"He will bring to the office business ca
pacity of a hlgn order, evidence of which
Is manifest in the success of his own busl
nesa.
"He is justly very popular personally,
• und no man, woman or child In any waHt
■ of life was ever given the overlook by
him.
"While he is noted for his geniality and
generous friendship, ho Is Industrious,
• ;:'-rue; : ( and systematic. It has been
paid of him by opponents that because of
his geniality he would be weak and be
dominated by his persona! and political
friends. This i< the first time I ever
heard mat gentlemanly conduct and uni
form courtesy were signs of weakness
"His administration will be a credit to
the city and his election a clear trlumoh
of Republican principles."
SLAYER OF SHERIFF
FARLEY IN COURT
ittaintains His Air of Bravado While
the Story of Murder Is
Told.
SAI.TNAS, Nov. 3.— The trial of George
Sulssor, the slayer of Sheriff Farley, oc
cupjed the attention of the Judge and jury
to-day. The enso is Intensely interesting,
and new evidence was introduced contin
ually daring the session, bat none mate
rially in favor of the defendant Puring
the entire day Buisser maintained his
usual ah- of bravado and was utterly in
different to nil proceedings except during
parts when he would seem to be annoyed
When ex-Districi Attorney Zabala and
Joe Tial, both eye-witnesses of the mur
der, testified to having run Suisser
■■• mcd greatly axnnsi
A number of witnesses were called dur
ing the day. The case was rehearsed from
the time Suisser was arrested for stealing
Delaney's harness until he lired the shot
which endPd the life of brave Sheriff Kar
ley.
BIDDING CLOSE
FOB CRUISERS
Remarkable Similarity
of Figures.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON, Nov. 3.
--[ One remarkable feature about the bids
j tendered a few days since for the con
struction of six sheathed cruisers of 3200
tons Is that the figures are so close. A
■ year ago, when the contracts were given
out for the tour monitors, charges were
made that the shipbuilders had formed a
trust, but this accusation was vigorously \
refuted, and, under the circumstances, the i
present close figuring Is no doubt simply
a coincidence, so far as relates to three
of the bidders, and may as a whole be
accepted as an evidence of our shipbuild
ers knowing what their work is worth.
• Confining the competition to the five
firms, whose bids range from $1,039, to
. $1,116,000 (which bars out the Burlee Dry
dock Company's bid), it will be seen that
the highest bidder exceeds the lowest by
only 7.3 per cent, while the bids of three
of the firms are practically the same, and
that there is only $260 difference between
the figures of the Bath and the Union i
Iron works. As a rule, novices in Davy
contract work bid very low, while there
are others whose tenders are either pur
posely too high or informal, so as not to
be taken seriously; but when an old, ex
perienced firm like the Columbia Iron
Works puts up its figures ', per cent
higher than that of the Union Iron Works
there is a mystery about these bids which
the absence of a combination only tends
to Intensify.
Bidden— Price.
•Towns«n<J & Downey, New York $904, 50<i
tFall River Eng.Co., Braintree, Mass.. 1.020,000
tirlgg & Co., Richmond, Va 1,027,000
Lewis Nixon, Kltznlx>thport 1,039,900
Hath Iron Works, Bath, Maine 1,041,650
Union Iron Work? 1,041. 9<.K)
tN'eatle & Levy, Philadelphia I.OSO.iXK)
•Burlee Dry .Dock Co.. New .York 1,105,000
Columbia Iron Works, Baltimore 1,116,000
•Moran Hros., Seattle, Wash 1.122,000
Firm names against which a star -appears are
new. bidders for navy work, and those with a
t have contracts on band for torpedo-boats.
It will be noted that neither Cramps nor
the Newport News people made often to
build these cruisers, the reason, no doubt, i
being that their yards are more than
busy with mercantile and naval work.
Then again, these cruisers are somewhat
different In their construction from other
naval vessels are comparatively more.
costly, because they are to be wood- j
sheathed and coppered, This involves
considerable painstaking work, which Is
expensive and Is new to most of the
yards.
Congress placed a limit of $1,141,800 as
! the cost of these cruisers, exclusive of
armament, but including hulls, machl- •
nery, equipment and general outfit. The
latter two Items may be roughly esti
mated at $100,000, leaving $1,041,800 as the
contract cost for hull, machinery, boats,
spars, furniture, etc.- Upon this basis the
bids of Lewis Nixon, the Bath and Union
iron works are within the limits, and each
of these firms Is likely to receive orders
I to build two of the cruisers. The Navy
Department reserves the right to refuse
bias which, although they may be the
lowest, may not be acceptable for other
; reasons; but it is just possible that the
I Richmond firm's bid of $1,027,000 may be
I accepted, because of the geographical po
] sltion <•; that yard and that the work
j will be distributed from Maine to Vir-
I ginia on the " Atlantic seaboard, and that
San Francisco will get one and perhaps
two of these cruisers.
The contract cost of these vessels is
considerably higher than those of a
near!;, similar type and size built In Eng
land in 1891, where eight vessels of the
Rainbow class were contracted for at an
average cost per ton of $225. The Rain
bow and Bister ships are sheathed cruis
: ers of 3600 tons and nineteen knots speed,
while the Denver class of the United
Slates navy about to be built is only 3200
tin and are to have 16V& knots. The sev
eral bids show the cost per ton to be as
I follows:
I Trims, Richmond, $321, or 43.5 per cent
over British cost
1 Lewis Nixon, $325, or 44.4 per cent over
I British cost
Bath Iron Works, $325.5, or 44.G per cent
over British cost.
Union Iron Works, $325.6, or 44.7 per cent
over British cost. %
These figures are instructive, as they
indicate a difference of practically 50 per
\ cent excess of cost in this country over
similar navy work in England, and If it—
i a* it probably does— applies similarly to
mercantile work, explains why our ocean
merchant marine fails to expand. An
other peculiar feature about these bids
is the fact that, notwithstanding the
higher wages paid on this coast as com
pared with Eastern, and notwithstanding
the cost of transportation of material 3000
miles and the attendant delays, the Union
I Iron Works of San Francisco can build
las cheaply as is done 'in Maine. This
proves cither that conditions in San Fran
cisco are so favorable as to overcome
other drawbacks or that the builders of
the Oregon are content with very small
profits.
Mornn Brothers of Seattle, Wash., ship-
I builders, have submitted to the Navy De
partment another bid. to take the place
of that submitted last' Wednesday for
the construction of the 3500-ton cruisers.
The firm does (his on the theory that
Congress intended that at least two of
the six vessels should be constructed on
the Pacific Coast, and as the Union Iron
Works of San Francisco, the only other
i bidder on the slope, bid for only < one of
I the ships, the Seattle firm feels that if it
'reduces It? original bid to the same figure
as that of the San Francisco corporation
it should ' have It considered on even
I terms. The proposition being, irregular,
it has been referred to the board of con-
I struction, and general opinion is con
struction, and the general opinion is that
, it cannot be entertained.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 4, 1899.
OPERATION FATAL
TO DR. F. E. LILLY
Has Beer) Sufferiog With Blood
Poison for ttye Past Two
Weeks.
0 MERCED, Nov. 3.— Dr. F. E. Lilly died here this morning from the effect a
T of blood poisoning contracted while performing an operation some two weeks *
* agu. His condition was critical for several days prior to his death and the <^
£ attending physicians decided that amputation ot the arm was the only chance t
of saving his life. . T
<* The operation was performed late yesterday afternoon and he died at an %
4 early hour this morning. Deceased was born in Pennsylvania and leaves a i
<$> widow and one child. Four years ago he settled in Merced and began the T
4 practice of his profession and in 1898 he was elected Coroner and Public Ad- t
J ministrator of Merced County. T
WILL FILE SUITS
FOR DISBARMENT
Latest Move of Union
Bank Directors.
. — — —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Nov. S.— Several funny
I turns have been made in the management
< of the affairs of the defunct Union Say-
I ings Bank, but the most ridiculous oc
! curred to-day, when ex-Boss Rea, who i:s
', the president of the institution, declared
, war on Archer & Archer, attorneys for a
! number of depositors, and instructed the
' bank's attorneys to begin proceedings to
disbar the attorneys. Tuesday Archer &
' Archer began 1115 suits against the stock
i holders of the bank In the interest of sev
! enteen depositors for their pro rata lia
| bility to the latter. Among the people
suco* were the directors of the bank, jSaen
, depositor sued from 138 stockholders down
i,, about a dozen. The amounts asked
I range from 2 cents up to *sn. Rea brought
the matter up at the meeting to-day, He
said the suits were annoying, unnecessary
and unwarranted, and were brought for
the purpose of dividing the costs that
would be derived from the suits with the
Justice in whose court they had been
Hied lie 'said the attorneys should be
tarred and feathered, and denounced
them In stronger terms. lie made a mo
tion that disbarment proceedings be com
| menced against them at once, There was
no second to the motion. Rea declared if
there were no objections the proceedings
would be so ordered, and it was so re
corded on Secretary Friant's minutes.
Lawrence Archer, tne senior member of
the firm of Archer & Archer, is one of the
best known men in the State. He has
held many prominent positions In this
county., i.nd at one time was a County
Judge. Attorney? laugh at Rea's attempt
to disbar the lawyer?, and in all probabil
ity the bank's attorneys will refuse to
act.
The directors announce that In order to
collect $300 or $100 some $15,000 or $20,000
court costs will be incurred! and they de
clare that these will be divided between
the Justice and the attorneys.
Ex-President Ward Wright is worrying
the bank officials some. A few days after
1 the bank failure he deeded his line resi
dence on North First street to the bank
for the benefit of that institution. In the
\ last few days Wright sold the residence
to Horace Vachell, totally ignoring the
deed he gave to the bank. Rea spoke bit
terly of Wright, and eaid that at the time
he gave the property to the bank it was
i to save him from State prison, and that
unless he squared things with the bank
he was in favor of prosecuting him. The
; bank's attorneys were instructed to take
I steps to oust Vachell from the property
and try to regain the property for the
| bank.
The rest of the meeting was devoted to
; routine business, in which some of the
assets of the bank were scaled down ma
j terl " -
BONG-BONG CAPTURED
BY TROOPS UNDER CHASE
Lieutenant Boutelle Killed by Am
bushed Insurgents While on
Scouting Duty.
MANILA, Nov. 4.— Chase's troop of the
Third Cavalry and River's troop of the
Fourth Cavalry swam the river and sur
rounded the garrison at Bong-Bong:, en
tering the town. The enemy escaped. Six
rilles and a quantity of ammunition were
I captured.
Castner's scouts had a skirmish with
insurgents near Aliaga. killing five.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 3.— The War De
partment has received the following
i cablegram:
MANILA, Nov. 3.— On the Ist Inst.
Lieutenant Slavens and eighteen men re
connoitered Mac Arthur's front; struck
, forty or more entrenched Insurgents and
i immediately attacked and dispersed them,
i killing three and wounding a number.
iNo Casualties. Yesterday Lawton's ad
vance at Allaga struck the enemy both
west and south of the city. ■ Batson's
Macabebe scouts reconnoiterlng south
struck the insurgents in ambush. Lieu
tenant Boutelle killed, one scout wounded.
! Batson routed the enemy, who left seven
I dead In the thickets.
Yesterday Bell and. the Thirty-sixth
! Volunteers, with a regiment and troop
i of the Fourth Cavalry, cleared the coun
try of all armed Insurgents from Florida
i Blanca to a considerable distance beyond
Porac, pursuing them Into the mountains,
capturing nine of the cavalry horses,
several guns and considerable property,
: killing, wounding and capturing a num
i ber of the enemy.
The insurgent cavalry of that section
| was practically destroyed. Bell's casual
ties are one man killed and two wounded
OTIS.
Second Lieutenant Henry M. Boutelle
was a son of Captain Frazier A. Boutelle
of Maine. He was appointed second lieu
tenant of the Third Artillery July 9, 1898
from civil life, and the next month ac
companied his regiment to the Philip
pines.
CABINET CONSIDERS
REPORT ON PHILIPPINES
WASHINGTON, Nov. 3.— The Cabinet
meeting lasted two hours, much of , the
time being spent in the reading and dis
cussion of the preliminary report of the
Philippine Commission. The report was
considered very satisfactory and received
the full approval of the Cabinet. There
was some incidental discussion of the
status of our. insular possessions In rela
tion to the Postal Union.
The particular point under discussion
was that Involving the right under the
law of our soldiers in the Philippines to
send through the mails to friends in this
country souvenirs of little or no commer
cial value. Under a strict construction of
the law articles of any commercial value
except books are prohibited from being
sent through the mail. ■ But the Govern
ment, realizing that with the approach of
the Christmas holidays the soldiers serv
ing in the Philippines undoubtedly will
wish to send home some mementoes of
their service, an earnest effort will be
made to overcome the difficulties present
ed. It is probable that Secretary Gage
will formulate some regulation which will
meet the situation.
The subject of a civil government for
Cuba also received considerable attention.
The necessity for a change In the present
military system, it Is said, becomes more
and more apparent, and the President Is
waiting only until an entirely suitable per
son can be found before taking action in
that direction. General Wood is said to
be very favorably regarded In this con
nection, there are obstacles to his ap
pointment which at present are deemed
unsurmountable. One of them ie that
there are a number of officers In Cuba
who rank General Wood, and his promo
tion over their head is not deemed ad
visable. .....,•
"Red" Strook Found Guilty.
CHICAGO, Nov. 3.-"Rpd" Chris Strook.
who has .been on trial for the third time,
charged with complicity In the Schrage
bond robbery three years ago. was found
guilty to-day and sentenced to the peni«
tentiary.
ONE NATION TO
SOON WITHDRAW
Negotiations Relating to
Samoan Islands.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Nov. S.-Active nego
! tlatlons having for their object the dis
solution of the Samoan agreement are in
progress between the I'nited States, Great
I Britain ;-nd Germany. These negotiations
are being conducted in London and VVaah
| ington. It is evident from what can be
! learned that the United States will be
i come the possessor of Tutuila Island and
certain rights In other islands and that
j either Germany or Great Britain will
i withdraw from the group. The authori
i ties would prefer Great Britain as a
neighbor, but Germany has larger inter
, ests In the Island of T'polu and the British
, Government may come to the conclusion
that it would be wiser for It to relin
quish its interests In the Island.
I Officials of the department with whom
I talked told me to-day that the three
powers are considering propositions which
I ?ach submitted. Both Great Britain and
Germany understand that the Tnited
, btates proposes to stand In the control of
| Pago Pago harbor and therefore ueslre
* the island of Tutuila, which forms part
;of the coast line. Naturally the Germans
in Samoa are greatly opposed to the with
drawal of their Government, but if Ger
many could secure adequate compensation
she may be willing to relinquish her claim
;to the islands. The compensation, how
ever, will probably be fixed bo high that
Great Britain will be unwilling to give it.
The German Minister and British
Charge d'Affalres were both at tlif State
Department to-day consulting with Secre
tary Hay in relation to propositions sub
mitted by each of the governments and
it is the hope now that an agreement will
be reached more quickly than heretofore
had been anticipated.
The war In South Africa naturally
makes Great Britain more desirous of
eliminating- from hor international rela
tions questions which may assume a hos
tile aspect than she would If she were at
peace, and while undoubtedly the British
Government will protect its interests in
Samoa it ts believed that she will prove
more conciliatory and that consequently
the agreement will not be difficult of ac
complishment.
FUNSTON VICTIM OF
A MISUNDERSTANDING
Member of Minnesota Regiment Says
Catholic Churches Were Used
as Blockhouses.
MINNEAPOLJS, Nov. 3. — Thomas
Campbell, late of the Thirteenth Minne
sota Regiment, Fays the controversy be
tween General Funston and Archbishop
Ireland regarding church desecration In
the Philippines is based on a misunder
standing of the facts. He says that he
himself is a Catholic and that there wore
a s=' .-ore or more of Catholics In his com
patty, all of whom had as many church
relics as did their Protestant comrades.
The reason, he says, is that the .Filipinos
themselves bad desecrated the churches
before the United States troops came.
The buildki^s were loop-holed for small
arms and used ns storehouses and hos
pitals, so that the destruction of the
buildings became a strategic necessity
The paraphernalia cither had to be taken
away or suffer destruction with the build
ing.
Bishop Goesbriand Dead.
BURLINGTON, Vt, Nov. 3.— T,ouis
Goepbriand. Catholic Plshop of the dio
cese of BurlinKton, died to-night.
•■|BS/)' ; / B M
Ejrm A&'P5 16 tO 20. \\\'' \ \ c
*ji casslmere (mid-' '^sg^?'*..*.-.--. , --^-...-^JU^assg s^ are selling these &jl
£# Saturday (till (0 P.M.) and Monday.
yp tnrers of jjffi*>sss?si&m'V*t *T*Sk c«^ l^j^Tj Woolen ||i
.21"l336ansonridSI". nr. Pm^
HEEDED REFORMS
ON OUR ISLANDS
Problems Being Slowly
Worked Out.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 3.— The difflcul
i ties attending the administration of jus
j tlce In Cuba and Porto Rico are pointedly
j brought out in reports to the advocate
! general of the army. General Lieber,
! whose annual report was made public to
j day. Major Dudley, at Havana, states In
; the course of a report:
The present situation hi;re has not exact pre
| cedent, In that during a time of peace we are
In temporary military occupation of a friendly
territory^ not our own land, pledged to dig- ■
j charge the obligations that may under interna
tional i3\v result from the fact that such occu
pation fi. r the protection of life and property,
and to withdraw from the island so sunn as "a
I stable Kovernment of its own shall be estab
lished.
The opposition to a complete change of the
spirit, methods and technicalities of the Span
ish law, as now maintained In the system of
"incommunicado" for example, is espcciallv '■
surprising. But though slow in coming, the
assertion of such personal rights and liberties
as are already enjoyed by Americans under
American law will come sooner or later, as be
ing essential to a free, self-governing people,
such as toe Cubans desire to be.
J. Dunn, judge advocate of the Depart
ment of Santiago and Puerto Principe,
makes similar observations and says:
The supreme law on the Island of Cuba Is
that of the supreme power of the United States,
and will te so lone as an American remains
nore under existing conditions, be that for one
month or forever.
Major Sharp, acting judge advocate of
Porto Rico, reviews the manifold diffi
culties in dealing with brigandage, tho
complex customs relating to marriatre
and divorce, the crowding of iails with
men, women and children, who literally
rot while justice proceeds at snails' pact*.
He says every substantial reform is eag
erly received by the people, the opposition
coming from the small conservative ele
ment. iJe deprecates the premature with
drawal of this Government and the es
tablishment of a territorial form of gov
ernment, as some of the Porto Rican
newspapers demand, and says it would be
the most unfortunate measure that could
possibly befall the island. He adds:
Continued military control for a reasonable
time, aided by wise advisory councils, cannot
fall to secure gradual but steady and ultimate
assimilation by the people of our best American
thought, and methods of administration.
TWO VESSELS LOST IN
ATLANTIC STORMS
Crews of the British Schooner Adam
and the German Bark Hansa
Picked Up at Sea.
LONDON, Nov. 3.— The British schooner
Adam, of St. Johns, N. F., for Gibraltar,
was abandoned, dismantled and sinking,
on October 23, in latitude 46 north, longi
tude 2S west. Her crew was rescued by
the Norwegian bark Henry, from Daf
housie for Bristol, where they were land
ed upon her arrival on Wednesday last
A dispatch from Waterford, Ireland
states that the German bark Hansa of
1198 tons, Captain Caloalera, from St
Johns, N. F., September 30, for that port',
has stranded during a gale at Creaden
head and filled with water. All on board
were saved.
DYNAMITE EXPLODES
WITH DEADLY EFFECT
Two Employes of the Aetna Pow-
der Works Lose Their
Lives.
CHICAGO, Nov. 3.-Five hundred
pounds of dynamite exploded in the mix
ing house of the Aetna Powder Works at
Aetna, Ind., to-day, resulting in the
death of two employes. The shock was
felt at Valparaiso, Ind., and in towns
more distant from the scene of the dis
aster.
The cause of the explosion is not known
and probably will remain a mystery, as
the only persons who might have* ex
plained it are dead. One 01 the unfortu
nates was one Christiansen, but the name
of the second is not known.
Teacher in Trouble.
I,OS ANGELES, Nov. 3.-A warrant
was issued to-day for the arrest of N.
C. Twining-, teacher in the Ivanhoe
School. It is alleged that he cruelly
whipped Vida Belcher, the fifteen-year-old
daughter of School Trustee Belcher, who
is nollticaly opposed to Twining. The ex
cuse for the whipping was that the girl
had torn a book. The girl is a sufferer
from heart diseases and is in a precarious
condition.
Bishop of Mayence Dead.
BERLIN. Nov. 3.— The Right Rev. Dr
Haffner, Bifhop of Mayence. is dead.
CROKER BEFORE
MAZET'S TRIBUNAL
Attempts to Make Polit
ical Capital.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Nov. s.— Whatever expec
tation there was that Richard Croke
would make a scene before the Assembl;
Committee on the management of thi:
city was not fulfilled.
In the course of an address before a
political meeting a few days ago Chair
man Mazet asserted In effect that when
the gas charter was introduced in the
Legislature by him, that measure being
inimical to the New Amsterdam Gas
Company, and. it is alleged, in the inter
est of the Consolidated Gas Company,
Mr. Croker proposed to withdraw his op
position to the bill if the Consolidated
Company would buy at his price stock of
the New Amsterdam Company which he
held. It was to make denial of this state
ment that Mr. Croker yesterday demand
ed a hearing before the committee.
Mr. Croker was at the committee room
early to-day. Before the proceedings
were begun the Republican members of
the committee and counsel met and had a
protracted conference. Immediately on
calling the committee to order Chairman
Alazet asked:
"Is Mr. Croker present?"
The Tammany chief responded: "I am
here under oath, I presume, and I want
to deny a statement which you made in
your campaign speeches in your district."
Mr. Mazet— AVhat is that you want to contra
dict?
Mr. Croker— l want to contradict the speeches
you have made !n reference to my dealings
with the Consolidated Gas Company; that 1
tried to sell Amsterdam stock to that com
pany. That is what I understood you to say In
your speech. I a»v.y that now on the stand
Mr. Mazet— ls that all, Mr. Croker?
Mr. Croker— That is all.
Mr Maiet-rTou are excused.
Mr Croker— Will you take the stand and tes
tify to what you said?
Mr. Mazet— Mr. Croker, will you please step
down from the stand?
Mr. Croker then left the stand and the
room. Subsequently Chairman Mazet
gave out the following statement:
Mr. Crr&er knov.-s that this Is no place and
no time to settle the question between him
and me. What I said on the stump I said not
of my own knnwl<>fig:<\ but upon ffood and suf
ficient authority. If Mr. Croker really wisher
to have the- truth of my statf-ment tested he
can sue me for libel or ho can Drosecute me
criminally by a friendly District Attorney.
Here we cannot even com»el Mr. Croker to
answer proper questions, or compel any wit
ness to testify on this, matter, as the question
between us Is not relevant to this inquiry.
THIRTY DROWNED IN AN
ACCIDENT AT ANTWERP
Landing Stage of the Waesland Fer-
ryboat Broke, Precipitating
Ma.ny Into the Water.
ANTWERP, Nov. 3.— The landing stage
of the Waesland Railroad ferryboat on
the left bank of the Scheldt broke in
two this morning on the arrival of the
first train, which was crowded. Many
persons fell into the water and thirty-five
of the number were drowned and fifty
others were Injured. Ten of the bodies
have been recovered.
Evidence That Murder Was Done.
NEW YORK, Nov. 3.— Additional proof
that Frederick Hardy Jr., the young art
student from Tennessee, was murdered on
the shore drive near Fort Hamilton,
Brooklyn, came to light to-day. The day
after Hardy was last seen, on October 23,
a carpenter found on the slope leading
from the shore drive to the waters of the
Narrow?, an Alpine hat and pocketbook
which were Hardy's. The pocketbook
was empty, except for some photographs
of relatives of the young man. No impor
tance was attached to the finding of the
articles until the discovery of Hardy's
body in the water at Keyport, X. J. , when
his hat and pocketbook were taken to the
police station. The friends of the mur
dered man Identified them.
Killed by a Train.
SAL.TXAS, Nov. 3.— Thomas Kane, a
resident of Napa, was run over and killed
by a north-bound freight train at Castro
vine last night. Kane attempted to board
the train while in motion and missed his
footing. His right leg and arm were
severed from the body and he sustained
other injuries. He died this morning. He
i? of a good family in Napa and ha*
relatives in San Francisco.
Steamer in Quarantine.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 3.— The C. and O.
steamer Carlisle City arrived here this
morning from Honolulu and was detained
at the quarantine station, as she had no
bill of health from Honolulu. She will be
detained at the quarantine station pend
ing telegraphic orders for her release.
There is no sickness aboard the. steamer.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BE ATHLETIC.
BE STRONG.
LOOK TO YOUR NERVES.
The cause of
-—^ most of your
/-j-_\ pains and mis-
/ /15j cries Is Weak
% •«<• 1 ~ Hudyan cor-
\ "°~f"j& rects the evil.
I — A If you take,
) >•■. Hudyan you
/^^ _>w • will rapidly
r~i A. I \ gain in
/ / *i \ strength and
[ \ ' v \ nerve force, for
Il - \ \ iyan creates
|l }\ \ nerve tissue.
I \ a /V ' J Hudj an cures
I [< ■ O ■/ / J 1 headaches o r
/ 1J. _ , i _■ m"^^ S dizziness (fig.
l&gßßasSSbr / 2). coated
/ i£*£s>£i?*a+W ! <i"?s tongue or offen-
I ****Xifr cr >~ : ---'~~-\ sive breath (fig.
j SffFt>B: :^v"-"^ 6). pains la
/ \\i : '" x : t'"'"^ shoulders (fig.
I v&V^r't^&S^Ss 7 >> oppressed
V. h'naM^S« '«! feeling in chest
N njnnrunn^ (fljf . 4)r , ndl .
J\ gestlon or
W / \ bloating o f,
1 j \ stomach (fig.
j \ 3), torpid liver
' \ (fig. 1), consti-
/ \ pation, shaky
/ \ \ knees, want of
. \ \ confidence, lack
C 1 \ r- \ -of energy, all-
O I \ D I gone tired feel-
/ \ - i ing, physical or
/ \ j mental weak-
/ \ ness.
I \\ " H ud a n
/ l \ makes one feel
/ \ / \ that life Is
e-r •* I \ -worth living,
" ' \tlJ for It . Insures
a regular dis-
charge of every
bodily function
(which means health). Hudyan exerts a sooth-
ing Influence over the entire system, and this
soon manifests Itself in a rapid gain of nerve-
quiet and strength.
Get Hudyan from your druggist; 50c a pack-
age, six packages $2 50. If your druggist does
not keep It, send direct to the Hudyan Remedy
Company, corner Stockton, Ellis and Market
streets, San Francisco, Cal.
CONSULT HUDYAN DOCTORS ABOUT
YOUR CASE— FREE OF CHARGE. CALL, OK
WRITE. ■
IT IS BETTER TO GIVE
THAN TO RECEIVE,
especially in a good cause, and that la
why we delight In giving our customers
such perect laundry work when they
favor us with their patronage. We not
only give them perfect satisfaction in.
the color and finish of their linen, but
we give them twice the wear that they
would get if their garments were done
up by Inferior methods. "No saw-
edges."
United States Laundry. Offica
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 420.
Oakland Office. 514 Eleventh St.
Avjsjt OR JORDAN'S great, I
{■OSEUH OF ANATOMY?
9• Q& 1351 * ST - Cct ' C: - i: '--- s.rcji. >
C^^ The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
i ' /»<Sfe^v Wt>rld - Weaknesses or any contracted i I
]L jjETaS^ disease pmisi* «-l y cured by the oldest W
9 Iggl Specialist m the Coast Est. 36 years* (I
$ §%$&& DR. JORDAFJ-PRIYATE DISEASES $
\ B®3s&ri Consultation free and stri-tly private. \
( ' I YSV7 I I" " m " t personally or by letter. A i
\K W TIH '- ttve Curt in every case undertaken. T
OF I lIP Write for Hook, PHILOSOPHY .f A
T* II I* M * linl ' % * iE ' BAILED FKEB. (AT
hod valuable book for mra) \
f DR. JOIIDAX* CO., 1051 Market St., S. F V
1899-TAXES-1899
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT THE
first installment of Real Estate Taxes and all
unpaid Personal Property Taxes will be delin-
quent and 15 per cent added on MONDAY.
November 27, at 6 o'clock p. m.
NO CHECKS RECEIVED AFTER SATUR-
DAY EVENING, NOVEMBER 18.
OFFICE OPEN FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
EVENINGS, November 24 and 25, from 7 to 9
o'clock.
EDWARD I. SHEEHAN,
Tax Collector of the City and County of Saa
Francisco.
mm Bg3 ppjjjM C 9 Slp|a IP ' H Q^»O
•••• — — •• • .^
i Transcontinental tourists and tray- I
, elers from all over the United States. I
show their appreciation of the excel- f
lence of the . • ♦
PALACE ** D ♦
GRAND i
1 by making these hotels their headquar- i
1 ters while In San Francisco. Fourteen >■
' hundred rooms, 000 with bathe— largest ■
i and finest in the world.
i . JOHN C. KIRKPATRICk. Manager. \
t*"**»*"-"-— -■*-T< « » « » , «»»,,,_
tt& Colchester's Ea«Usb Dlsaond BraaO. : -
f ¥m£i plus
ennyrSyal pills
P **ffiTjv Orlatnnl Bad Only Genuine. A^
1^ S^ WW 6ox«,«eal«d with blue ribbon. TakflVH'
f?1 *4wW«»o other. *yw denjtrou, „,&?<£• W
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
1 *o^n^vin^ TUKAXU ' - WVioORA-
*£?"i X iv%£f mt $ y ', iOT Diseases or the Kid,
ne>» and liladder. Sells on its own Merits.
«, m, NABER, ALFS & BRUNE \gents
323 Market street. -S. *.s£££*s■ Circular.),
The Weekly Call.
Enlarged to 16 Pages
$1 per Year.GALLOPERS
RACING IN
THE SNOW
Slippery Track Mars the
"Sport of Kings' at
Newport.
Special ir.Bjxitch to The Call.
CINCINNATI, Nov. 3.— light snow
fell during the afternoon and the Newport
track was very slippery: Several horses
fell. Kriss Kringle, after winning the
third race; v as bid up by "Curley" Brown
and bought In for $1200. The horse was
bought about a year ago by his former
owner. Dr. }{, L. Bird, for $35. He won
over fifteen races in Bird's colors this
season. Results:
Six furlonßs— Donald Bain won. Great Land
second. Hurricane third. Time, 1:16.
Five furlongs, eellinsr — Larkspur won. Trou
blame second. Ice Prop third. lime, 1:03%.
One and a sixteenth miles, soiling— Kriss
Kringle won, Mole second, Osric II third. Time,
1:51V4-
Seven furlong*, eellir.g — Apple Jack won, J. J.
T. Becond. Nancy Till third. Time. 1:30.
Mile, selling— Colonel Cluke won, Scandland
second. Flop ililrd. Time, 1:47.
NEW YORK. Nov. 3.— lt was oold and
stormy at Aqueduct to-day. Midwood, equal
ravorlto with Armor, was the only choice to
win.
Five furlongs, selling — Incandescent won, Fir
Christopher s^conl, Tyrb:. ■ rd. Time, l:iH *-*.
six iurl.ir.gs. Belling M. I won. First
Whip Becond, Armor third Tune, 1:16 2-5.
Mile and a sixteenth— Rare Perfume won,
Wylh second. Wrller 'third. Time. l:4?3-5.
Mile and an eighth— Wait Hot won. Warren
ton second. Our Nellie thir.i Time, 1:57.
Mile and seventy yards— Cherry Head won,
I,.ivefra second, Tome to Order third. Time,
1:51.
Five and a half furlongs-Muuvilla won. Mlsa
Kanover second. Fleuron third. Time, 1:09.
CHICAGO Nor. 3.— Halninfr; track heavy.
Five furlong*— Antoinetta won, Farrle. second,
I.a Carona third. Time, 1:074-
One and a sixteenth miles, selling— Facade
won. Hamlet eeconJ, Hold Up third. Time.
Seven furloncs— Brownie Anderson won, Red
Cross II second, Florinel II third. Time. 1:34.
Seven furlongs, selling— Terrene won. Maurice
W second. Walkenehaw third. Time, 1:34%.
One mile— Man of Honor won. Miud Wallace
Second. Deerins thlnl. Time. 1:47 V,.
Fiyc furlongs— Little Jack Homer won. Raster
Card second, Eva Wilson third. Time, 1:064.
TRONCHET ACCEPTS
PAVESE'S CHALLENGE
Noted Masters of the Foils May Meet
Here in a Contest of Skill at
fencing .
From the willingness expressed by L.
Trotiohet in the subjoined letter there is
a strong possibility that the doughty
teacher of fencing in the Olympic Club
may cross foils with Provessor Paves©,
Tronchet'a reply to a recent challenge
reads:
PAX FRANCISCO, Nov. 2. lSf-9.
In answer to the challenge of the Italian.
Proffseor Generoso Pavese, I will state
through the columns of your paper that I
will meet Professor Paves« next Sunday,
as he challenges, at Washington Square
Hall, and contest •' ■:■ endurance, skill,
science, and with swords err foils, or both,
and for as much money as be is willing to
stiike against my skill. I* >NCHET.
Racine on Park Speodwny
mbers of Golden Gate r.irk
:ion will h.'ld their races
on the park speedway ihis
, for
which four enti en re
ceived, will be decided by the amateur
: :.:en.
ENGINEERS BOUND
FOR THE ISTHMUS
Reported Drowning of a Party at
Machuca Is Discredited in
Washington.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 3.— Another pnrty
ot engineers will leave the United S
• to engage in survo;.
ade under the direction of the Isth
nal Commission. This party,
will go to 1 mus >jf I>arien,
in .h.arge of James R. Maxwell.
It will consist <>r fifteen men ami will sail
from Norfolk on the tv-or; h has
. the Navy Department to
Mr. Maxwell and his assistants to
• hmus, N sn re
' by t::o comml the reported
. of an engineer and some o* his
I
:• Admiral Walker said to-day that
!■, believe t!;;!t the
S the drowning of these
| ■ .;..-"r.- - He Bald It was evl
. ;.itch be -••'! on
a ion, as the name of the
•nwiiifir had first been given as Clark,
nd dispatch had paid the
WTilte. The admiral said that
r as known hrre there was no man
party -.n Machuca.
infident that, if any lives had
.•», in charge of the
:. that section, would have tele-
No decision has yet bo<->n reached as to
Thi» date of th<* departure of the C
iinris. Admiral
"Walk- ■ It was desired to have
■ ■'. parties a? far ad
vanced ■ commission
. so that ii v.-.jujil not be neces-
Mry for them to r> main long.
WANTS ASSURANCE
OF THE OPEN DOOR
Government Is Dissatisfied With the
Oral Promises of France, Ger
many and Russia.
LONDON, n\>v. 4.— A special dispatch
from Washington asserts that the Ameri
can State Department recently asked
France, Germany and Russia to give writ
ten assurances regarding the preserva
tion of the "open door" in China, being
dissatisfied with the mere oral assurance,
and rejecting a proposal that the United
£tntes» should seize a port and establish a
Epbere of influence in China.
"If th"?r> assurances are declined," says
thf dispatch, " the United States will in
sist upon China observing the strict letter
of the treaty pivinsr the United States
f-'iual rights with other powers in China."
The Daily Chronicle, commenting edi
torially i;»nn • this new departure in
American policy, which will be fully ap
proved In England," dilates upon its "im
mense Importance" and suggests that it
'-'may affect the international politics of
Europe in a very remarkable degree."
oScer3 for the Seventh.
LOS Nov. ?..— The several
vacai , ■ . ,; ;i . <i staff of
. National Guard of
regular
tnber -4. Colonel
■ a candidate as his
■ there has been
For lieuten
likely the ranking
i lent. Captain R v
Dodj 1,, :.-,,, W jn j )0
• . • captain, F.
L. R« ■ . Los Axigele*,
major. In CaptaJn
J- ; ! I : :; ' ■■• '' ' ■ H. Santa Ana has
and it is more
than , , r t | le
: ■ ..-.I major's bll
let may g i Robert Mankowski.
Company A, Loa Angeles, who, however
has greograpby i , ;:i .
Attempted Suicide.
PASADENA, Nov. S.-An unknown man
went into a vacant house to-day and cut
bis throat, after setting fire to the build-
Ing. He may recover. He had taken off
his shoes and coat and placed them on
the fire. Ho Is over 70 years of a<re
indrade Beaches St. Thomas.
ST. THOMAS, D. v. l. Nov. 8.-Oen
iral Inado Andrade, the recently depn fl f>d
President of VenezuMa. who made his
escape from Caracas on October 2ii ar
rived here la«t night He will proceed for
Ban Juan do Porto Rico to-day
Z/tecorda 7/fade in the Sporting 11/orld.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAJTLAND RACETRACK, Friday, November 3, 1899.— Thirty-sixth
day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather fine.
Track good.
FATAL FIRE IN NEW YORK.
One Man Killed and Two Others Are
Missing.
NEW YORK, Nov. 3.— Fire to-day
gutted the seven-story building at 94, 96
and 08 Mott street, occupied principally
by the Manhattan Bed and Spring Com
pany, and it is believed caused the death
of three persons.
Michael Cbnlln, an engineer, was killed
and Charles Smith and a youth named
Rogers .ire missing.
Joseph li. Klndey, aged 13. had his skull
fractured and will die. Fireman Orady
was severely scalded. His condition is
critical.
Chief Ooker estimated the loss at $200,
--000 but the fire insuranre patrol men say It
will not be more than $150,000.
Fruit Shipments.
LOS ANGELKS. Nov. 3— The Evening
Kxpreps has compiled a table of the es
timated output of citrus fruit for the
present season from data furnished by
th>> railroads. The estimato gives the prob
able shipment of all kinds of oranges as
cars of 303 boxes to the car, and
1200 car-- of. lemons. The shipment of
oranges from Highlands will begin in two
weeks, which 1? oarM^r than in any past
season in the history of this section.
This is a common ailment among Engineers, Conductors, Travelers and Horseback
/'""~"" > /^x. " -K-clers over rough country. The constant jolting weakens the nerves and relaxes the
■nm|||l '" *«• w< ■VawW^gliMa^^i ™ u^ cl S In the region of the spine and kidneys. In time this becomes so distressing
gS^M ift^^^^&S I- sufferer is in danger of a general collapse. "Many a man has had to give up
HHH^ -**^*^-mihvMomffim S , . OBltion through this troublesome malady. Medicines arc no use for it. Plasters
: mS^&m "^fP^Pillill T lotions will not cure it. There is just one treatment only which absolutely mas-
/ _:*x^ : . ,-.. .^'^^^-^'^^^i^f'^M 3 it; that is the remedy I?Ve worked out and practiced for twenty years. This is
V -==Jl^ /r ' V ' i N> "~^k\ \ «U=>. (iMtt^^^viv; 4^!^ With Its Im r ° v ed electrodes that do not blister the skin like the old-style batteries.
■r~^^§^B^Sh3 W&L^^^' ' F ° r LAME BACK ' RA3X3aOAD BACK KIDNEY or LUMBAGO pains this is an.ab-
*"*'*' "^^^-fi^^%iSw>^^t solute cure. I've restored the most obstinate cases of ten and twenty years' stand-
' . ' '■• -iv^V;--' ' . * n gV and can show you living proofs of this statement. These names are published for
;:^^^GrF3M^^W^^W f™ • ■ yoUr reference, or I will give you others and also my new book, illustrating the cause
'""' -%jV3/VW I §ri*^nw\^ and CUre ° f theSe diseases ' free if you will call or send.
/m iNUIi |IW\UU\\ MICHIGAN BLUFF.
■^f dJjn'h ill 11 AH *>;• 1-, Placer County, a Y Sept. li, 1899. 385 N. DALY ST., LOS ANGELES,
t« ■ I I jU/. '> s&C Daar Sir: Your Belt has made me a Sept 4 1896 ■••
-^ '(m /yQ!k ' now man. My back is now strong and I Dear Sir: I have been greatly "benefited
HlCisN. V]} /CdSJVt- am improving in every way. I have been by your electric body battery. I have
OL, V\ -fS "A v "■. able to resume work for over two months spent hundreds of dollars on specialists ■
1r r= \ . . and have recommended your Belt at without any benefit. C. E. EBERT,
• ; ■■'"',- . vry pp r AUGUSTUS MILLER Southern Pacific Co.
r^l> M A ' Mr! AIT^HI IlV : 702 Market St,, cop. Kearny, San Francisco, and
jL*IY« ITIa Mov I?lwl^/\U. VBI IJLill^ 9 Burdick Block, Corner Spring and Second Streets, Los Angeles,
Office hour«— B a. m. to 8:30 p. m.: Sundays, 10 to L NEVER SOLD IN DRUGSTORES.'
THE SAN FFANCISCO CALL., SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 4, 1599.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Army Orders Issued and List of Pen-
sions Granted.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 3.— Army orders:
By direction <rf the Assistant Secretary of
: War Recruit Norman B. Thoroson, For
■ ty-slxth Infantry, San Francisco, having
, enlisted und<-r false pretenses, will be dis
| charged without honor from the service.
Acting Assistant Surgeon O. \V. Woods
will proceed from Albuquerque, X. Mex.,
to San Francisco and report in nerson to
; the commanding general of the Depart
ment of < 'alifornia.
Pensions— California: Original— Charles
| G. Kellogg. Los Angeles. $6; Henry P De
! vine, San Jose, $S. Increase— Dennis Ken
| nedy, Verdugo, $6 to $8; John Sloan, Los
Angeles, $S to $10; Charles W. Jnwett
Garberville. $8 to $10. Original widows!
, etc.— Eliza A. Buxton, Tone, $<<
1 Washington: Original — Stephen D
France, Soldiers' Home, Pierce. $10.
Sanford at Del Monte.
DEL MONTE, Nov. 3.— Lieutenant Gen
; eral Sanford of the British army is striv
ing here for a few days en route from
! India to travel through British North
| America. General San ford has been in
I active service in India since 1860 and Is
now enjoying a long furlough.
SCHREIBER'S
STABLE IS
SUSPENDED
Running of Forte and Alumi
num Caused the Trouble.
Ward Under the Ban.
Two of the horses belonging to Barney
Schreiber's stable, Forte and Aluminum,
turned complete somersaults at Oakland
yesterday, or, more familiarly speaking,
displayed pronounced reversals of form.
As a consequence the stable of the St.
Louis bookmaker and light-weight Jack
Ward are under a cloud, having been
placed on the suspended list by the offi
cials across the bay pending an investiga T
tion.
On October 25 Forte, starting for the
first time this season, was heavily
backed and won easily from Donator and
Rainier. Three days later the same
horse started again at the same distance,
om> and a sixteenth miles, a stanchly
backed choice, and ran absolutely last.
yesterday ho was favorite for the third
event and won very cleverly frum Dare
H and Merry Boy. Monday," October SO,
Aluminum finished last in a five furlong
scramble taken by Magdalenas. Yester
day, at odds of 40 to 1, the pelding cap
tured a selling 1 handicap over the Fu
turity course from Alaria and a good
field. Barney Schrelber is expected nere
next week, when the matter will be given
a thorough probing.
The track was fairly fast and four
choices led their fields out. "Ward and
Ranch each piloted two of the winning
horses.
In the opening sprint Dnnie], one of the
first choices, with Ranch up, run all
ar iund and through his field, winning
driving from Isabelle, a 60 to 1 shot. The
latter was the supposed good thing, her
price beln^ cut to 15 at post time.
Dr. Sheppard at odds on led Los Me
danop, a 25 to 1 chance, out for the seven
furlong purse event. Ilohenzollern ran a
close third.
Backed from 6 to 5 to 7 to 10, Forte.
under urgent riding, caught Dare II at
the paddock, placing the third purse to
the credit of Harney Schrelber. Show
honors went to Merry Boy.
The mile selling dash for two-y^ar-olds
proved a cakewalk for My Gypsy, the
favorite. Ailenna lost the place to
Kickumbob, the rank outsider of the
qunrtet starting.
Dr. Rowell's Whltcomb went to tho post
favorite for the fifth recital, a scramble
over the Futurity course, and ran third.
Aluminum made all the running, and in
a drive downed the wretchedly ridden
Alaria half a length.
Only off the cars a week. Mororlto,
whlfli seems to be an iron mare, took tho
closing six furlong run cleverly from
Mike Rice. Amasa, the favorite, failed
to last out, running unplaced.
Tanforan Park Entries.
Oakland track closed its first season of
racing yesterday, and beginning to-day
the Western Turf Association will have
an inning at Tanforan Park, lasting two
weeks. The entries are as follows:
First race— Five furlongs; two-year-olds; sell
ing:
232 T Sharks 100 244 "Water-wick 105
... St Cassim'er 105 235 The Scot 105
203 Giro 103 IS3 Champion Rose. los
223 Drutdess 109
Second race— One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and upward; selling:
24g Opponent 971 253 Morlnel 99
255 Lothian 88 ... G. B. M0rri5. ...105
255 Tenrica 105 !
Third race— Seven furlongs; four-year-olds
and upward ; selling:
254 Silver Maid 101 2r.2 Wyoming 104
241 Coda 101 228 Guilder 101
(234)Oa«tnke 101 217 Silver State 101
238 Socialist 10?
Fourth race— One mile; handicap; three-year
olds and upward: *
(257) Dr. Sheppard 115! 103 Silver Tone* 97
(2 l)Rosinatite 10S ... Malay ...:. 90
254 Rosormonde 102 238 Judge WofTord.. 80
Fifth race— One and an eighth miles; hurdle
handicap: over five hurdles; three-year-olds
and upward:
. Burroah 155' ... Fl Fl 125
... Jerry C 137 240 San Carlos 123
Cl Rossmora 130
Sixth rare- furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward: Belling :
24S Montallade 107 221 Ann Page 102
... St. Aljmon IK ... Winifred 110
2CI Lona Marie 107 <2."4)Chlhuahua 107
(239)Jennle Reid 105 255 Magnus 107
Selections for To-Day.
First race St. Cassimer, Druidess, Water
side.
Second — Mnrinpl, Opponent, G. B. Morris.
Third race— Wyoming, Socialist, Caatake.
Fourth race— Silver Tone, Malay, Roslnante.
Fifth race — No selections.
Sixth race— Jennie Reid, Montallade, St. Alg
non. _______»^^______
DR. CRANE HONORED.
Presented With a Gold Watch by
Residents of Santa Ana.
SANTA ANA, Nov. 3.-Dr. J. A. Crane,
medical director of Agriews, was tendered
a reception last nigrht by Santa Ana' 3
business and professional men and i>r.>
sented with a valuable sold chain and
locket, the occasion being Dr. Crane's de
parture for Agnews.
Superior Judge BallrmV?! presentation
address testifying to tlio esteem in which
Dr. Crane Is held by Orang-e County ami
Santa Ana was warmly applauded by nil
prcs.-nt. Dr. Crane left for Agnews to
night.
Improvements at the Grove.
PACIFIC GROVE, Nov. 3.— Architect B.
M. Frazier arrived here this week to take
charge of extensive alterations to be made
in the Assembly Hall of the Methodist
Episcopal Church at this place The
Assembly Hall is the place in which all
■ the conventions held in Pacific Grove
| during the summer convene, and its pres
ent size and arrangement has been found
incompatible with the enlarging plans of
the Pacific Improvement Company and
Pacific Grove Retreat Association to make
this city a meeting place for interstate
as well as State conventions.
The alterations will include doubling the
seating capacity as well as greatly im
proving the hall's Interior and exterior
appearance. Mr. Frazier, the architect,
has had much to do with church archi
tectural work, having made church archi
tecture his chief study while in Europe.
PRESENTED WITH
TEACHERS' DIPLOMAS
Twenty-Three Young Ladies Gradu-
ate From, the State Normal
School.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 3.— Twenty-three young
Indies were graduated as teachers from
the State Normal School this morning. |
The assembly hall was crowded by
friends and relatives of the graduates.
Potted plants and flowers decorated the
stage. A fine musical programme was
rendered. Rev. 11. Milnes asked an in
vocation. The Cecilia Club rendered a |
song and Miss Dumeroiz gave a solo.
Professor Holway addressed the class.
Miss Wilson, on behalf of the class, pre
sented a picture of the class to the school.
The solo, "Good-by, Sweet Day," was
rendered by Miss Blaisdel, after which
Principal McXaughton. presented diplo
mas to th? following:
Clara Frances Abbott, Annie Louise
Adams, Laura W. Mansfield, Marcie
Burchard, Grace B. Marr, P.
Byrd, A. Cornelia Perdue, Elena Rod
erick, Elma Edwards (Join, Gertrude A.
Steele, Kuth Higby. Bella Steen, Helen
Estella Hopkins, Jessie G. Sobey, Uoat
rice L. Jamison, Mollie A. Sweeney, Ella
M. Jones, Minnie B. Veach, Ora Law
rence, Mary Estelle Wilson, Christine S.
Zoffman, Grace Northrup, May A. Flet
cher.
Henry Miller, the student who has been
threatening to sue the faculty if not given
a diploma, is not among the number, and
it is said hp will begin proceedings in
court in a few days. Miller claims it is
because of a preiudiee that the faculty
refuses to graduate him, but conditioned
him in manual training.
Storm Acquitted.
SANTA CKUZ, Nov. 3.— P. Storm was
acquitted In the Superior Court to-day
on the charge of assault with a deadly
weapon on L. Struve, his nephew, in
Watsonvllle. The case aroused much In
terest as both men are among the best
known residents of Pajaro Valley.
Worry Causes Suicide.
REDDING, Nov. 3.— Thomas Cox, aged
55 years, an employe of the Keswlck
smelters, committed suicide this morning
by shooting himself through the heart.
Family troubles was the cause of the act.
Decedent leaves a widow and six children.
He bad been employed at the smelter for
three years.
Fire at Marysville.
MAHYSYIIXK, Nov. 3.— The residence
of County Recorder S. O. Gunning on G
street, with its contents, was destroyed
by lire this afternoon during the absence
of the family. A defective flue was the
cause. The loss is $2000; insurance $1200.
POLITICAL.
TO-NIGHT!
GRAND
DEMOCRATIC
MASS MEETING!
METROPOLITAN HALL, Fifth St.
MAYOR PHELAN,
DR. WASHINGTON DODGE,
FRANKLIN K. LANE
An 1 Other Prominent
Speakers will Address
the people.
FTfIVAI DAI I V
For CITY ATTORNEY,
Charles H. Jackson.
Regular Republican Nomine*.
FOR SUPERVISOR,
CHARLES BLISS,
Replar ■ Republican ■ Nominee.
ncguldr fttpuiMiCdll nuininci;.
POLITICAL.
CITIZENS'
NON-PARTISAN
PARTY.
FOR GOOD GOVERNMENT.
To the Voters of San Francisco: The Non-
Partisan party was organized seven years ago
to wrest from professional politicians the con-
trol of municipal affairs and to separate en-
tirely from national politics the selection of
city and county officials.
It has at all times opposed machine politics,
and sought to elect worthy men to office by in-
dependent nomination or indorsement.
The last Legislature passed a law expressly
aimed at the "unwelcome interference" in
public affairs of non-partisan organizations.
The Rickard act forbids any Information on the
ballot concerning the indorsements that a can-
didate may receive and makes It impossible for
a man to be nominated by ! two parties. Such
a creditable occurrence as the nomination last
year by the two great parties of John Lack-
mann for Supervisor could not be repeated.
We regard this law as pernicious In principle
and against public .policy, and we intend to
vigorously contest It.
The adoption of a non-partisan charter, the
result of the last primary election, and the in-
dependent character of the recent Republican
and Democratic conventions, clearly Indicate,
however, that the friends of good government
have awakened to their duties.
With these changed conditions we feel that
j there is no occasion for an entire Non-Partisan
ticket at this election.
It is, however, a fundamental principle of
I this party to support those nominees who have
faithfully and fearlessly filled their offices and
are renominatP'l for the same office. We would
fail in our obligations were we to leave this
work undone.
We therefore unqualifiedly recommend for
your suffrage at the coming election:
For Mayor JAMES D. PHELAN
For Assessor. WASHINGTON DODGE
For Auditor ASA R. WELLS
For City and County Attorney...
• — FRANKLIN K. LANE
To each of these faithful servants of the
people there is certainly due a generous meas-
ure of credit and encouragement, for the able
and honest manner in which they have ful-
filled their public trust.
This committee, furthermore, realizing the
difficulty for etich individual voter to inform
himself as to the qualifications of the many
1 candidates for the Board of Supervisors, has
| given careful and impartial study to the rela-
! tive merits of the nominees on the several
I tickets.
As the result of continuous work by this
i committee, extending over a month's time, re-
garding this important department of the city
government, we feel justified In recommending
lor your support and vote, irrespective of
party lines, the following eighteen citizens, se-
lected from the Republican and Democratic
tickets, to constitute the first Board of Super-
! visors under the new charter:
Booth, James P. Town, Joseph S. ,
| BranaensteiD, H. D. Foster, Samuel
Goite, A. Jr. Gooasell, D. C. M.
D'Ancona, 1 1 Jeffers, Milo S.
! Hotaling, R. M. King, Charles J.
Jennings, Thomas Morris, T. H.
; Pohll, EMI Sanderson, George R.
Putnam, Osgood Watson, William
Reed, Charles Wesley Wright, Cyrus S.
CITIZENS' NON-PARTISAN COUNTY
COMMITTEE.
GEORGE K. FITCH, Chairman.
JOSEPH BRITTON, Vice-Chairman.
C. C. BURR, Secretary.
San Francisco, Oct. 30, 5899.
REPUBLICAN TICKET.
Progress and Prosperity,
For Mayor,
HORACE DAVIS.
For Auditor,
ASA R. WELLS.
For Assessor,
ALBERT HEYER.
For City Attorney,
CHARLES H. JACKSON.
For Sheriff,
. JOHN LACK MANN.
For Tax Collector,
JOSEPH H. SCOTT.
For Treasurer,
LOUIS FEUSIER.
For Recorder,
WILLIAM Z. TIFFANY.
For County Clerk,
WILLIAM A. DEANE.
For District Attorney,
ALFRED P. BLACK.
For Coroner,
A. D. McLEAN.
For Public Administrator,
JOHN FARNHAM.
For Supervisors,
EMMET P. BARRETT.
NATHAN 8180.
CHARLES BLISS.
CHARLES BOXTON.
VICTOR D. DUBOCE.
SAMUEL FOSTER.
D. C. M. GOODSELL.
LJ • V«f • i*l > vr v/ V_/ LJ O Jit \j I. a .
THOMAS L. HENDERSON.
WILLIAM C. JOHNSON.
MILO S. JEFFERS.
CHARLES J. KING.
THOMAS H. MORRIS.
GEORGE R. SANDERSON.
• . GEORGE T. SHAW.
EMIL N. TORELLO.
I. J. TRUMAN.
WILLIAM WATSON.
CYRUS S. WRIGHT.
For Police Judges.
L. G. CARPENTER.
HENRY L. JOACHIMSEN.
CHARLES A. LOW.
• JAMES L. NAGLE.
FOR
MAYOR
HORACE DAI,
REGULAR
REPUBLICAN
NOMINEE.
FOR DISTRICT ATTORNEY,
LEWIS F. BYINGTON,
DEMOCRATIC NOMINEE.
IF YOU WANT THE -DEAD RE-
SPECTED VOTE FOR
C C O'DONNELL
FOR CORONER.
POLITICAL.
HON. F. X. SCHOONMAKER
Will discuss the relative con-
nection between the issues of
the present municipal campaign
and the policy of the National
Republican Administration
AT PIONEER HALL,
Fourth St., Near Market,
SATURDAY EVENING, NOV. 4th,
At 8 O'Clock.
HON. IRVING M. SCOTT WILL
PRESIDE.
DEMOCRATIC
TICKET.
For Public Rights and Home
Rule Against Bossism and
Corporate Control.
1 Mayor James D. Phelan
Auditor Joseph M. Cumming
; Assessor .... Dr. Washington Dodga
| City Attorney . . . franklin K. Lane
| Sheriff Jeremiah Deasy
Tax Collector .... Richard P. Doolan
Treasurer .... Samuel H. Brooks
Recorder Edmund Godchaux
| County Clerk . . Major Dennis Geary
District Attorney .Lewis i\ Byington
Coroner Dr. 3-L Beverly Cola
Public Administrator . Patrick Boland
FOR SUPERVISORS.
James P. Booth, John E. A. Helms,
H.TJ. Brand enstein, Thomas Jennings,
P. J. Curtis, W. N. McCarthy,
A. Comte Jr., M. C. McGrath,
John Connor, A. B. Maguire.
L. J. Dwyer, Emil Pohli,
Dr. A. A. d'Ancona, Osgood Putnam,
M. J. Fontana, C. W. Reed,
R. M. Hotaling, Joseph S. Tobin,
POLICE JCBOES.
Geo. H. Cabaniss, Alfred J. Fritz.
Charles T. Conlan,Ed P. Mogan.
FOR MAYOR,
JAMES D. PHELAN,
INCUMBENT,
DEMOCRATIC
NOMINEE.
For Sheriff,
JEREMIAH DEASY
(Present Supervisor of Tenth Ward,)
DEMOCRATIC
NOMINEE.
FOR COUNTY CLERK,
11 A. DEANE
(Present Incumbent,)
REGULAR REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
FOR SUPERVISOR.
MILO S. JEFFERS,
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
FOR SUPERVISOR,
M. J. FONTANA.
REGULAR DEMOCRATIC NOMINEE.
56
SATURDAY NOVEMBER 4, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE MarKet end Third Sts-. S. F
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS ...217 to 221 Stev«n«on Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS, 15 CENTS PER WKKK.
Single Copies. 5 cents.
Term* by Mall. Including Postage:
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year llfl.no
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 6 months .1.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 2 months ... 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month «»e
SUNDAY CALL One Tear -. 1.50
WEEKLY CALL One Year -«00
Ail postmasters are author!™* to recelv- subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when -quested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE i
PERRY LUKENS «JR 29 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House: Auditorium Hotel.
AMUSEMENTS.
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Columbia— "By the Sad Sea Waves."
California— "Brown's In Town."
Tlvoll— "L'Africalne."
Alcazar— "The Three Musketeers."
Grand Opera House— "The Conspirators."
Chutes, Zoo and — Vaudeville every afternoon and
livening.
Olympia, corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Central Park— Steeplechase and performance*.
Recreation Baseball to-day.
Golden Gate Hall— Mandolin Recital.
Western Turf Association, San Mateo County—
New Alhambra— Mile. Flfl, from Paris. Sunday evening, No-
vember I.
AUCTION SALES.
1 By A. W. Louderback— This day, at t o'clock. Turkish Per-
Flan Rues, at 125 Geary street.
—_—_____—__________. <Ti*»c;Tjr—?.couwc a — ■
OFFICIAL RECOGNITION.
THERE is an inharmonious note in the official
report of Admiral Crowninshield, chief of the
Bureau of Navigation in the Navy Depart
ment.
It makes bitter complaint, amounting to an issue
against Congress, of failure to officially honor officers
of the navy. It has been known for a year that there
were bitter heartburnings and uncompromising
jealousies between naval of'ncers. It has been more
than suspected that the unstinted official and popular
honors paid to Dewey have made mora than one
heart ache. The contention between the champions
of Sampson and Schley has gained strength, and j
to-day is warmer than ever.
Admiral Crowninshield says: "Of the officers who
served in the North Atlantic waters three have been
confirmed in the recognition urged by the depart
ment — two because their cases were presented at pro
pitious moments, the other because of a misapprehen
sion." This language will raise another series of Is- !
sues. Does the admiral mean that two officers were !
recognized, not because of merit and achievement, |
but because of the favorable time chosen to present |
their cases, when enthusiastic patriotism sought an !
outlet by honoring somebody, and that the third >
case was a mistake of the department in misplacing j
its approbation? On the general subject the admiral I
says: "Another condition of affairs discouraging to
proud and ambitious officers who risked and ac
complished much is the ragged and irregular result
that seems the inevitable consequence of any effort to
give permanent or substantial recognition to bravery
or gallantry or devotion." As Congress ii the voice
of the country in expressing such recognition, this
is a severe rebuke to that body. It is, in effect, ac- I
cused of that ingratitude which Is a proverbial at
tribute of republics. He says that every effort of the
department to redeem its solemn pledge of recogni
tion has been balked.
It is to be regretted that such an indictment of
Congress has been made public It does not give the
country a good appearance before the world. The
navy did its whole duty in the Spanish war. No
navy of any other country ever so distinguished it
self in so short a time. At the beginning of the war
the opinion of European naval experts was that we I
were outclassed on the water by Spain. That opinion
was rather widely shared at home. The country was,
indeed, prepared for disaster in the first marine en
counters. Millions of our people never saw the sea.
Being inlanders, all they knew of the navy was
through an inland press, which knew the navy rather
as a sentiment than as a force to be reckoned with.
A majority of Congress represents non-maritime dis
tricts, and is charged with the promotion of interests
which dimly recognize any relation to deep water.
In this situation members of Congress defend them
selves by pointing to what they call "navy politics."
When the department recommendations went to Con
gress it is alleged that partisans of the different offi
cers appeared in the lobby, and that open attempts
were made by the advocates of one officer to pull
another officer down. The native States of the offi
cers concerned took part in the fight, and it is said
that a most unseemly condition developed, for which
Congress was not at all responsible. Pride and am
bition infuriated the contending forces, and those
sentiments have never yet appeared among men with
out causing trouble.
Then, again, the army had achieved somewhat, and
its position had to be considered. Immediately there
appeared another vexatious manifestation of human
nature, which naval education and. discipline had not
eradicated. From the navy issued criticisms of the
: ; rmy and belittling comments on its officers. This
did not by any means tend to placate the situation.
The navy seemed as to its own achievements to be
divided into as many camps as there were officers
recommended for recognition, but their mutually hos
tile camps were united in a sneering policy toward
the army.
It is not to be wondered at that, In such a situation
of seething personal and professional rivalries. Con
gress may have blundered in its action, or, in
weariness of It all, may have put off action altogether
to a more convenient and a calmer season.
The policy of criticizing the civil branches of the
Government by either army or navy officers should
not be encouraged. Civil government represents the
people who bear the burdens of a large military and
naval establishment. In civil life the people sustain
the sources of national greatness with patience and
industry, and do not resort to Congress for recogni
tion of the sacrifices they make, though these are
often great.
It will be better for the sen-ice and the country to
have less appearance of rivalry and jealousy, for then
will there be less occasion to attack Congress.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 4. 1899.
STATE ISSUES.
GOVERNOR BUDD, when he handled the blue
pencil in the Executive office at Sacramento,
6ustained a reputation as an official entomolo
gist and a skillful hunter of bugs in every "act entitled
an act" sent to him by the Legislature for approval or ,
rejection. He discovered that scales, white and black, i
San Jose, cushiony cotton and of other varieties, in- I
fested legislative measures, and did not hesitate to ap- !
ply the Vedalia Australis, in the form of a veto, when
ever necessary, to destroy these troublesome para
sites.
He is now enjoying "mute, inglorious ease" as at
torney for the Harbor Commission. It is evident
that he has not lost any of his skill as a bug-hunter.
Perhaps the presence of limnoria and teredo in the
water-front piling keep him in touch with the avo
cation followed during his official career.
He is a stout champion of Mayor Phelan and the '
ticket, because it is a Democratic ticket. Walls are i
not built high enough, nor can they be sufficiently
parapeted with broken glass, to keep Governor Budd
away from a Democratic ticket. Through Mayor
Phelan's thick disguise of non-partisanship, and even
under his tattooing of Republican principles which he
wears when out among Republicans to persuade them
to bolt their ticket, Governor Budd's practiced eye
sees the straight thing. No domino can hide parti
san Democracy from him. He has a sincere interest
in the welfare of his party, and, being its most astute
politician and leader, has not failed to observe that
Mayor Phelan's nocturnal song of anti-partisanship
has a tendency to release Democrats from their party
allegiance. The Governor knows a nightingale from
a filliloo bird when he hears it sing, and, as often
in the past, was called on to save his party from mis
taking one for the other.
The Mayor's policy, originating in his personal
ambition and always returning to its source for re
freshment and renewal, required the nomination of
Mr. Charles Wesley Reed on the ticket. But Mr.
Reed is a goldbug and is believed to have voted for j
McKinley. Mr. Reed is an orator, as Brutus was,
but his voice has been missed in the campaign
diapason to which Phelan and Lane have been the
principal contributors. It became necessary to show
that Mr. Reed's vocal chords were not impaired and
that his Democracy was sound in wind and bottom.
Therefore a debut was prepared for him on Thurs
day night, and as his case was a bad one Governor
Budd was sent for to try and pull him through.
The Governor talked well, as he always does, and,
as is his custom, fired the Democratic heart to a con
flagration. But the Governor is consistent, and, be
sides that, he appointed the Harbor Commission and
is its attorney. Now the Phelan platform, in reach
ing out for any unemployed prejudices that might be
useful, arraigned the policy of the Harbor Commis
sion, denounced port charges and detected a general
bad smell on the water front. This was too much for
the Governor. He did not propose to act as "the
terrible example." So he said frankly that part of the
platform is not true. He compared port charges with
other harbors to the advantage of San Francisco, and
then, in fear that this bug in the platform might get
away from him, said: "This draws in State issues
and is inconsistent with our attitude in this fight and
entirely outside the limit of municipal concerns. We
are not on a State platform. We are on a local plat
form. The portion of the platform which invades the
province of the State is its criticism of port charges.
This criticism is untrue. It is therefore politically un
wise and logically incorrect."
The followers of Phelan now wait, with foreheads
corrugated by anxiety, to see what answer their chief
will make to this proof of inconsistency.
Now comes William Fife Jr., designer of the Sham
rock, and says if he had been in command she would
have beaten the Columbia. It is an easy boast to
make, but its only effect will be to show that every
body interested in the British craft has not taken the
defeat as gracefully as Sir Thomas Lipton.
COLLEGES OF COMMERCE.
ONE of the notable features of the Commercial
Congress in Philadelphia was the discussion
concerning what sort of education our uni
versities should give to fit young men for a commer
cial career. Several eminent men took part in the
conference, among them being President Eliot of
Harvard and President Low of Columbia. The ad
dress of Eliot was particularly strong and has been
made the subject of no little comment in the Eastern
press.
The college of commerce in a university is to be
quite a different thing from the commercial colleges
and business colleges which have long been familiar
to our educational system. The existing colleges do
excellent work, but they rarely undertake to do more
than fit young men and women for taking advanced
clerkships or positions as accountants. The college
of commerce in a university contemplates something
on a larger scale, and accordingly will require a much
! higher standard for admission.
President Eliot is reported to have laid much
stress upon the importance of providing in the high
schools a special training for students who wish to
take a commercial course at the university. He urged
that such students must acquire, before undertaking
a college course, a mastery of the two or three for
eign languages which would be essential to their after
studies, not merely a reading acquaintance with them,
I but the ability to speak them. This and all other ele
j mentary study should be accomplished before en-
J tering the college course, because it can be done
j much easier at the earlier age, and because the time
and strength thus saved are needed in the later work.
There can be no question of the soundness of that
view, but it is clear the policy is one which will have
to be developed slowly. It will be no easy thing to
j provide such thorough training in languages in the
! schools of our public educational system. For a
time at least the colleges of commerce will have to
I undertake the instruction in languages after the stu
dents have been admitted. It is of advantage, how
ever, to have the ideal standard of what university
commercial training should be set forth at this early
stage of the development of that system of instruc
tion. We have in our State University a college of
commerce from which much is expected, and it is not
at all likely President Wheeler will be content with
any lower standard than that set up at Harvard, so
we look for a new departure to be taken in second
ary education as an inevitable outcome of the de
mands of the university for well prepared students
for its commercial college.
The Non-Partisans are making their usual grand
stand play about impartiality concerning the parties
to which candidates belong, but from the prominent
leadership given among them to Phelan's brother-in
law Sullivan it appears that however indifferent they
may be to political connections they are not neglect
iul of family regions.
A few days ago it was reported that the British
would transfer their interests in Samoa to Germany
and leave us in the lurch, but yesterday it was an
nounced that Germany would sell out to Great
Britain. It is safe to say that neither report is cor
rect. In fact, for some time past Samoan affairs
seem to be made use of by European correspondents
as a subject for experiments in faking, and some of
the results have been as fanciful as anything the yel
low journalism of this country ever did.
The manly, straightforward canvass conducted by
the Republican candidates has merited the favor of
all independent voters who desire to promote the best
interests of the city, and as a result the defection of
such inconsiderate Republicans as may choose to
follow Britton into the Phelan camp will not be so
disastrous to the party as they think. There will be
plenty of independent voters to take their places and
vote the straight ticket for Horace Davis and his
colleagues.
THE LESSON OF THE YACHT RACE.
WHILE most Americans have been content
with the glory of the victory of the Columbia
over the Shamrock, some of the more reflec
tive have noted in it a lesson which will be of value
to us if we are wise enough to profit by it. It is a
simple lesson. The unbroken line of successes in the
yacht races show that we can beat the British in ship
building. Why, then, do we not have a better mer
chant marine than the British?
The New York Tribune in commenting on the sub
ject says: "Why not devote some of that same ability
to achieving supremacy in other directions? Or rather
to restoring the supremacy we once enjoyed? For
before the old America won in pleasure sailing the
primacy the new Columbia has so well maintained
the merchant ships of the United States had won the
primacy of the world for speed and stanchness in that
class. The America was modeled after the clipper,
not the clipper after the America. Our yachting
achievements are outgrowths of our mercantile navi
gation, not the reverse. Is it wise or is it creditable
to the nation to let the branch outgrow the trunk,
or the trunk be shriveled until it is smaller and more
puny than the branch? In brief, if we can build the
best yachts in the world — and if we can build the best
cruisers and battleships, too — why can we not build
the best ocean liners? If we can build Columbias and
lowas, why not Oceanics?"
Following a similar line of argument the Baltimore
American says: "We can build the best ships and
saif them so as to beat anything that Great Britain
can produce, and yet Great Britain's merchant ma
rine, which sixty years ago was less than ours, is
now so much greater as to make ours appear ridicu
lous. This should set both business men and legis
lators to thinking. It is crass folly to be paying from
one hundred and fifty to two hundred millions of dol
lars a year to other countries for carrying our goods
and passengers when every dollar of it might be re
tained in this country. What is the use of being
able to build the best boats if, when we have every
facility for doing it, we go to other countries for all
the boats needed to carry our produce?"
That Is indeed the chief lesson of the race. It Is
an idle vanity to exult in a victory over the British
in a race for sport when they distance us in the vast
competition for the commerce of the ocean. The
marine greatness of a nation is not to be computed
by the triumphs of yachting contests, but by the
mightier triumphs of those huge steamers that carry
on the trade of the nations across the seas. It has
been demonstrated that we can beat the British in
ship-building, but the victory will not be ours until
we hare actually built the ships and set them to work.
DEMOCRATIC DODGING.
SAN FRANCISCO is not the only place in the
Union where the Democrats are trying to i
dodge national questions in the campaign. The i
same attempt is being made in Maryland, and in |
commenting upon it the Baltimore American says:
"It is a queer proposition that the Republican party j
should not discuss national issues because the Demo- '
crats are afraid or ashamed of their own record. We ;
do not imagine that any one who has sufficient intel- j
licence to act independently in politics will be in- j
fiuenced by such rubbish. The independent voter, if j
I he is actuated by principle, desires free and full dis- ;
'. cussion of all matters relating to the public welfare.
He voted against his party in 1895 because of its bad \
j record in State politics, and he did the same thing in
• 1896 because of its very much worse record in na- j
; tional politics and the dire things it threatened if re- !
| stored to power. Has anything occurred since then
to restore confidence in the Democracy? Certainly
not in local matters."
What our contemporary says of conditions in Mary- j
land can be said with equal effectiveness here. The '
record of the Republican party in national affairs is
one to which reference can be made with more than
ordinary satisfaction, for it has changed the hard j
times of Democratic rule into a condition of abound- j
. ing prosperity. Democracy still stands for a national
i policy that brought ruin In the past and will bring
I it again should that party be intrusted with power.
j What has Democracy done in the local politics of San
I Francisco to redeem the national record? Why should
any citizen vote for the party of calamity and class
prejudices in a municipal contest more than in any
other?
The voters of San Francisco are citizens of the
United States. Their local interests are bound up
with those of the nation. When a man goes to the
polls he should cast his vote after a full considera
! tion of every issue affecting the public welfare. A
I victory for Phelan would be vaunted as a Demo
cratic victory— a victory for Bryanism. It would
strengthen the forces that are making for the the
! depreciation of the currency of the country and are
trying to arouse class antagonisms and prejudices
among the people.
The Republican party has a record of which it is
proud. Its success mean* prosperity. What has been
accomplished by the Republican majority of the
] present Board of Supervisors shows that in local
as well as in national politics the representatives of
the party can be relied upon to be faithful to their
pledges. The ticket headed by the Hon. Horace
Davis is the best that has ever been nominated in a
municipal contest in this city. Every intelligent citi
zen should feel it a matter of gratification that he
has in this election the privilege of supporting such
worthy candidates for all local offices and at the sa/ne
time standing with the party of prosperity for the
whole nation.
One of the benefits to be derived from a sweeping
Republican victory in this election is that it will
sweep the Non-Partisan fraud into the political gar
bage pile and we shall know it no more.
Phelan's organs may yet object to any criticism
of the action taken by Frank J. Sullivan's Non-
Partisan gang on the ground that it would be a criti
cim of Phelan's family affairs.
Venezuela is in the throes of another revolution.
And writers of farce comedy will insist that the range
of their subjects is rapidly becoming more limited.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
R. T. Fisher is at the Occidental from
Washington, D. C.
H. Doo. G. Barnhart, the Santa Cruz
capitalist, is at the Lick.
C. B. Shaver has come down from his
home in Fresno and is at the Grand.
E. Cornille, a traveler from Paris, Is at
the Palace, where he arrived last even
ing.
David Starr Jordan came up yesterday
from Stanford and registered at the Occi
dental.
Rev. Charles S. Nickerson, a prominent
clergyman of Racine, Wis.. is at the Pal
ace, where he arrived yesterday.
Judge Solon Holl has come down from
his home in Sacramento and is registered
for a short stay at the Grand.
W. C. Walters, superintendent of the
Spreckels sugar refinary at Salinas, is reg
istered for a short stay at the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. R. Ortmann, two promi
nent society people of Chicago, are
; among the late arrivals at the Palace.
J. L J. Walsh ano George
D. Murray, prominent business men of
Eureka, ire among the recent arrivals at
the Grand.
C. D. For.tana, a wealthy mining man
of Copperopolis, is at the Lick. He comes
to the city on a visit ia&t combines busi
ness and pleasure.
The condition of John A. Russell, clerk
of the Board of Supervisors, continues to
grow daily better. He is resting easily
In his apartments In the Lick and his
friends feel confident of his ultimate re
covery.
Q. W. Luce, general freight and passen
ger agent for the Southern Pacific at Los
Angeles, is at the Palace, where he ar
rived yesterday with Edward Chandler,
general freight agent of the Santa Fe in
the same city.
The contracting freight agents of the
different lines In this city will give one
of their regular dinners at a Pine street
restaurant this evening. A great time Is
anticipated and those having the arrange
ments In charge expect every man in the
business who is not out of tha city to
show up prepared to see the game through
to the finish.
Dr. F. de Chantreau has returned from
an extended visit to Paris and has re
sumed his duties as visiting surgeon at
the French Hospital. While abroad he
has devoted his time to the study of the
latest improvements In his profession.
During his absence Dr. E. Calderon has
been in attendance at the hospital.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Nov. B.— F. A. Marcott
and C. H. Jordon of San Francisco are at
the Bartholdl; Addle L. Ballou of San
Francisco Is at the Gllsey; Robert D.
Hunter of San Francisco Is at the Man
hattan; Charles Rollo Peters of San Fran
cisco is at the Brevoort; Annie Bayard
of San Francisco is at the Martin.
■ ♦ ■
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Nov. 3.— Joseph S.
Spear of San Francisco is at the Arling
ton; V. W. Gasklll of San Francisco 1b at
the Wlllard; H. M. Elliott of San Fran
cisco is at the Raleigh.
POOR NAME FOR
A GOOD FARCE
It la a pity to have a good farce adver
tise Itself by so cheap a title aa "Brown's
In Town." In very truth the California
Theater was In luck when It booked
Brown for a run during this period of
wouid-be and couldn't-be mirth; but no
one would have guessed that It was worth
a 75-cent seat.
Of all the pleasant breezes that blow
through »he" farce Jesale Mac Hall is the
breeziest. 6he 1b as Dresuenesque as
Edna Hopper, and if less pretty she is
more tuneful. She Hlides sinuutnly from
the BWleh of the bicycle to the cuddle of
domesticity, and again she Is partyned
und pink and fluttering.
There Is a friendly lack of staglness In
ell the Informal young people who play
the farce. It is an ideal atmosphere for
a frothy society farce. The complications
uppcur far nure possible than they would
among a widely experienced and brilliantly
prufessiomil parlorful. They are compli
cations that might have given an author
brain fever to guide through their intri
cacies. No such results are apparent,
however, for Mr. Swan has the same
swing about his personality as his writ
ing.
The complications might be laborious if
any one tried to follow them. But who
does? Mark Swan attended to the labor
when ho wrote the play, and the playgo
er?' business Is to be amused. The author
inspires one with confidence in his plot.
It !s much easier to trust him.
Faults? Of course. Mark Swan has
represented types, he has not created
characters. Shakespeare In his youth did
likewise. SARAH COMSTOCK.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
THE LAND OF THE BOERS— I. M. G. (
City. The British Government claims
suzerainty over the land of the Boers In
South Africa.
FERRY TO MOLE-G. & X., City. The
STAND JUST WHERE THEY STOOD THREE YEARS AGO.
distance from the ferry landing, San
Francisco, to the western end of the Oak
land mole is two and a quarter miles.
ADOPTlON— Workingwoman, Hoopa,
Cal. A married woman not lawfully sep
arated from her husband cannot without
his consent under the laws of California
adopt a child, providing the husband is
capable of giving consent.
The earnings and accumulation of the
wife and of her minor children living with
her or in her custody while she is living
apart from her husband are the separate
property of the wife and are subject to
her testamentary disposition.
FEMALE NURSES— A and ML, Fruit
vale. Cal. The military authorities do not
engage female nurses to treat the sick and
wounded at Manila. That answer covers
all other questions in letter of inquiry..
FOR OLD PEOPLE— A. O. S., City.
There are a number of Old People's
Homes where aged people are admitted.
A list of these can be found in the first
part of the city directory.
PUBLIC RECORDS— M. 8., Vallejo,
Cal. The records in the City Hall of San
Francisco are public records, open to in
spection nnd examination by any one,
without lost to the person so inspecting
or examining them.
CONSUMPTION— S.. Santa Cruz, Ca.l.
Nothing has appeared in The Call rela
tive to the hospital which one Dr. Crotte
proposed to build in San Francisco for the
cure of consumption, since the article
published on the Bth of last June.
PARK EXTENSION— R. C. City. If by
"officers and employes of the park exten
sion" you mean the extension of the pan
handle- of Golden Gate Park, the answer
to your question is that the Board of Su
pervisors fixes the salaries of these indi
viduals.
ASSUMED NAME — Subscriber. Oat
Hill, Cal. A person who marries under
an assumed name is liable to get him
self or herself into a great deal of trou
ble. In the first place, there is danger
of arrest for perjury at any time within
three years after procuring the license.
If in time the party who assumed the
name wished to right a wrong that per
son would have to obtain a new license
and be married anew. If a man for cer
tain reasons went under an assumed
name, was known as such and desired
to be known as such through life, and
wished to get married it would be proper
to have a court allow him to change his
name and then get a marriage license.
BOUNTIES— V., Soldiers' Home, Cal.
In Next - Sunday's Call,
NOVEMBER 5, 1899.
— ♦
♦
Found
. THE STORY '
in the or a man who
mM . DREAMS HIS LIFE AWAY.
.Philip 3 —
A VISIT
pines. To THE SULU sulta n.
+ A California*! Who
Was Hanged for Stealing Groceries.
♦♦ : :
THE LADIES OF THE BOLL SHOW.
| The Latest Fashions in
Jewelry Most Beautifully Illustrated.
• -,*■' __________
cKap?e P rs'o G A CALIFORNIA GIRL VISITS THE GRAND
ERA KINGS OPERA HOIJSE ' PARIS ' 0N FREE NIGBT
LATEST AND
MOST THRILL-
ING SERIAL.
>
— — - — — — ■ . _ — +
And a Dozen Other Attractive Features.
—Washington Po#t
During the War of the Rebellion Con
gress passed bounty acts as follows to
encourage enlistments into the army:
July 22, 1861, allowing to all who enlisted
$100 In addition to all arrearages to be
paid to the widow or heirs of a uoldler
killed or dying in the service; act of July
5, 1862. allowing the recruit to draw $25
of the $100 bounty under the act of IS6I. at
the time of enlistment; July 17, allowing
one month's pay and $25 bounty to men
who enlisted for nine months and $50 to
men who enlisted for twelve months, one
half to be paid at time of enlistment and
the balance at time of expiration of term
of service.
Peanut taffy; best In world. Townsend'a. •
Treat your friends to Townsend'a Cali
fornia Glace Fruits, 50c a pound, in fire
etched boxes. 627 Market street. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by t.3
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mod -
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Accident to John Burk«.
John Burke, a clerk for Zellerbach &
Co., on Clay street, between Sansome and
Battery, broke his leg yesterday after
noon while aiding in extinguishing a. fire
in the paper store-rooms of that company.
His injury was treated at the Harbor
Hospital.
California Limited.
SANTA FE ROUTE— Connecting train leaves
at 5, Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Satur
day, giving passengers ample time to see Los
Angeles and Pasadena. Finest equipped train
and beat tr:i<*k of any line to the East.
PERSONALLY conducted Tourist Excursions,
with latest improved Pullman Vestibuled Sleep
ing Cars, through from California to St. Paul,
St. Louis, Chicago and Boston, every Sunday,
Wednesday and Friday. Get full Information at
62S Market st.
Angostura Bitters, prepared by Dr. J. O. B.
Slegert for his private use. has become famous
as the best appetizing tonic.
The favorite for restoring life and color to
the hair is Parker's Hair Balsam.
Hlndercorns, the bf?t cure for corns, 15c.
Postal Officials Off.
Postal Inspector J. W. Erwln and Post
office Superintendent D. S. Richardson
left for the East last evening. They will
visit Washington, D. C, and New York
and will be absent about a month.AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIAJTHEATER
TO-DAY at 1:18 p. m. TO-NIOHT at 8:15 p. m.
To-Morrow (Sunday) Afternoon at 2:15 p. m.
LAST PERFORMANCE OF
"BRGWN'SJN TOWN"
Commencing TO-MORROW. SUNDAT Night.
RETURN ENGAGEMENT OF THE TOUNQ
AMERICAN TRAGEDIENNE,
NANCE O'NEIL
Presenting on
Sunday Night, "OLIVER TWIST."
Monday, Tuesday find Wednesday Nights and
Saturday Matlne«,
■•THI3 BHADOW."
Thursday Matin** (by special request).
"THE JEWESS."
Thursday Night,
"THE SCHOOL FOR SCANDAL."
Friday Night. "MAODA."
Saturday Night, the new "CAMILLa."
POPULAR Evening 7Bc, Me, 250
RICES... Matinee.. J......600, «Sc
SPECIAL 1
Ths returns of the election will b« received
by special wires from every precinct in the
sltv next Tuesday night and will be announced
from the stage between act*.
COLUMBIA v&
MATINEH TO-DAY.... TOe, 500 and Bo
TO-NIGHT AND ALL NEXT WEEK.
! VERT- i , 11T11P ,., n jHEAR:
nun MATHEWS %
AND \\ o
m BIILRFR You
HPT DULULn, Had
DL * la Their N.w»it m, Money
the BY THE SAD I n he "
TITLE. SEA WAVES. Bank"
PRICES— SI, TSc. 500, 25c.
NcT. 1»— "WHY SMITH LEFT HOME."
GREATEST SHOW IN TOWN.
MATINEE TO-DAT. SATURDAY. NOV. i.
Parquet. Be, any scat; balcony, 10c; children.
10c, any part.
LOUISE DRESSER AKD HER PICKANIN-
Nir.«.
JAC • NOP.WORTH.
HAL MERRITT and FLORENCE ITCTRDOCK.
WRIGHT HTTNTnCGTON AND CO.; LAURA
BURT: SAD A; WALTON'S ACROBATIC
SIMIANS.
MLLE. EaiNAS MUSICAL DOGS.
Last Week of LOTTY,
The Originator of Her Beautiful Act.
Next Week— CORXILLE, the Famous French
Western Turf Association.
TANFORAN
PARK
Opening Day
SATURDAY, Not. 4, 1899.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
GRANT* ENGLISH OPERA SEASON.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2 P. M.
Final Performance of Balfe"s Opera,
THE BO^2EMIAN GIRL!
TO-NIGHT' TO-NIGHT! And Sunday evening
The Enormous Grand Opera Triumph,
L'AFRICAINE !
POPULAR PRICES Xc and 50c
Telephone for Beats, Bush 9.
Next week— •'L'AFRICAINE": four perform-
ances.
The Famous Comic Opera, "THREE BLACK
CLOAKS" ; four times.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
MATTNEE TO-DAY AND SUNDAT.
THE THREE
MUSKETEERS !
PRICES-lUc. 23c. 85 c. 50c.
Next Week— The Now York
Lyceum Thentcr» Force Hit,
"NERVES."
BASEBALL !
SACRAMENTO
OAKLAND.
TO-DAY AT 3 P. /If.
SUNDAY AT 2:30 P. M.
RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and Harrison streets.
GENERAL ADMISSION, 25 CENTS.
ladies Admitted Free to Grand Stand.
"MAYOR'S DAY" at the
STEEPLECHASE-CENTRAL PARK.
SATUR Nov. -4-.
ON IN CASH to be thrown from th« Hlg*
Wlr» at 8:30 and 8:80 p. m. Open scramble:
trt-p for all 23 Coney Island novelties In full
Lit Presents to every winner of races.
Handsome badge of your choice fpr Mayor
riven to all. Make your favorite get • major-
ity number and see how the wind blows. Open
flally from 1 until 12 p. m. Admission to all
attractions and ride 10c.
THE WEEKLY CALL, $1 PER YEAR.
An Excellent Combination.
i The pleasant method and beneficial
effects at th« well known remedy,
Stbtt* op Figs, mantrfactored by the
California Fio Stbxtp Co., Ultistrate
the value pi obtaining the liquid laxa-
tive principles of plants Jrnowti to be
medicinally laxative and prewntingr
them in the form moat refreshing- to th«
taste and acceptable to the system. It
1$ the one perfect gtr«ajtih«ttintt laxa-
! tive, eleaosin? the rrstctn effectually,
dispelling cold*, hs»dsch«a and fevers
g«ntjv yet proniptly and enabling ono
to orerooraa habitual Constipation
maß€ntlr. tts perfect freedom from
ercrT objectionable <Jn*litr and snb-
stance, and its aettnij on the kidneys,
liver and bowels, without weakening
or irritating them, make it the ideal
laxative.
In the process of maunfacttirtng Qga
are ased, as they are pleasant to the
baste, but the medicinal qualities oi the
remedy are obtained from senna Bud
giber aromatio plants, by a method
known to the OALiroßinA FiO Syrup
Co. only. In ord«r to grt its beneficial
effects and to avoid Imitations, plcasa
remember th« full name of the Company
printed on the front of every package.
CALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP OX
saw jraASrarEOO, CAX.
LOUIbVXLXiE. XT. nitw YOKE, jr. T.
i»or sale by all Drngjfsts.— Price 50c. per bottle,
niTnan.%! Healing, Harmless
A A!lVli^l£ W PoslMv-ly removes
- nn *%*- P!mpl-s and all Skin
rORTKE Eruptions and pro-
CQMHfIIQN S3; natural com "
TWO TINTS Piiroso takes the
FLESHY lace of P°* dsr and
PHROSO Mtb.CO. c ve M "° oily effects.
KWCIA.CH , Soli by all dru 2"
I — i gists.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 532.
LAST MATTNEB THIS AFTERNOON.
; Last night but one of the best Comic Opera
Ever Written In America.
THE!
CONSPIRATORS!
Music by H. J. STEWART.
Book by CLAY M. GREENE.
A Triumph of Callfornian Genius. A Most
Beautiful and Costly Production. Packed
to the Doors Nightly.
Monday Evening Next — Francis Wilson's Great-
est Comic Opera Success,
THE MERRY MONARCH.
■ POPULAR PRICES— 6Oc, Ue, So, 15c and 10c.
\ A Good Keserve<l Beat at Saturday Matinee 25c.
I Branch Ticket Ofnc»— Emporium.
NEW ALHAMBRA THEATER
EDDY AND JONES STREETS.
TO-MORROW PHONB T7C\
(SUNDAY) NIGHT SOUTH « • U
THE
LAUGHING MLLE. FIFI.
festival lliJ.ai rlrl
BEGINS. Li2.3Ji.Jlj a I£l I«
A Charming:, T^ovely, Clever Comedy.
200 NIGHTS, NEW YORK.
— vrrrmßAPH —
DE!WET IN MOVING PICTURES.
ELECTION RETURNS Tuesday evening.
FRICE9--; Me. :sc. 350. 800, 75c
MATINEE i5 0> 25 O _ 86c. 60c
KEATS READY— RESERVED.
November 13— EUGENrE BLAIR in "A LADY
OF QUALITY." • .-;' --,.-;.•
CBUTESJND ZOO.
TO-DAY— CHILDREN'S DAY !
CONCESSIONS FREE BEFORE 2:30 P. M,
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING,
MAJOR MITE,
The Smallest Actor on Earth.
ADGLE end HER LIONS, Hlrh Diver
AND A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
TO-NIGHT^"6PECIAL !
Reproduction of the last round
o? the Corbett-Fltzslmmons fight
In conjunction with the JEFFRIES
Fitzsimmons and Palmer- Me Gov-
ern contests.
Phone tor Seats. Park 23.
TO-NIGHT,
VALENTINE ABT,
The World's Greatest Mandollnlst.
GOLDEN GATE HALL,
en Butter Street, TO-NIGHT. Nov. ♦.
Ticket*, 50 «id 78 cents. On sale at KOHLER
& CHASE" B. 28 OTarr»ll Street.
Mr. Abt uses the Waghburn mandolin, which
I alone Is proof of Its nigh merits, as Mr. Abt
!is its greatest living exponent. Kohler &
I Chase, sole agents for Pacific Coast.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 4, 1899.
STEAMER MAULE HAS NOW
BEEN GIVEN UP AS LOST
SHIPPING men have great fears
for the safety of tho little Salva
dorean steamer Maule, which lett
here on September 30 for El TrL
unfo, via San Diego. Nothing has
been heard of her since she passed
through the Golden Gate, In command
of Captain Medena, and her owner has
telegraphed from San Salvador to the
agent here to know what has become
of her. The Maule has not been to San
Diego, and the ocean seems to have
swallowed her up, leaving not a trace
behind.
For a time It was thought the vessel
might have encountered the log raft,
but the big derelict was safe at Port
Harford when the Maule left San
Francisco. There has been no heavy
weather on the southern coast, so the
disappearance of the steamer Is a mys
tery. She came here from Acajutla,
via San Diego, making the run in four
teen days. El *Triunfo Is only about
800 miles further south than Acajutla,
and the Maule is now out thirty-four
days.
The Maul e" 3 cargtj was valued atH
$0755 and was composed of 1450 barrt-lsM
of flour; 100 cases of dynamite; 70-M
cases of coal oil; 10 packages of palntH
and 1 package of arms and ainmuni-^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^H^^^^^^^l
tion. She is owned by M. Meardl of San Salvador, and yesterday he cabled
L. F. Lastreto of this city to know if he knew anything about the where
abouts of vessel and carg-o. : .•-
The Maule was built in ISBS by J. Reid & Co. of Glasgow for the Com
pania sud Americana de Vapores of Valparaiso. She was 204 tons gross and
88 tons net burden, 125 feet 5 inches long and 23 feet 6 Inches beam and 9 feet
deep. About six months ago she was purchased by Mr. Meardl, and this
was her first voyage on his account. ,
Indian Lucy in Court
For the first time sine© the argument
opened "Indian Lucy," who is seeking to
establish her claim as the wife of Capi
talist John R. Hite, was In court yester
day morning- and listened attentively to
the closing analysis of the case by Attor
ney Charles P. Hanlon. Mr. H.anlon'9
argnment followed the lines of a recapitu
lation of the testimony, dwelling on the
alleged statement mace by iTlte in a
Maripiisa ealoon to the effect that ha
would rather have his wife Lucy than
any white girl on earth. mlon also laid
special stress on the allegation that Hite
made his fortune from a mine which was
shown h!m by Indian Lucy and her sis
ter, notwithstanding the attempt of her
people to keep the location or the mine a
secret. At the close of the argument
Judge Jones will take the case under ad
visement.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Mrs. Morris' Letter to
* EVERY WIFE AND MOTHER.
[T.rrT!rr. 10 y«<. rfKKBAM no. 14,363]
! '• I have taken cifrht bottles of Lydia
E. Pinldiam's Vegetable Compound
with gratifying results. I had been
married four years and had two chil-
dren. I was all rwn down, had falling
of Womb with all its distressing symp-
toms. I hail doctored with a good
physician, but I derived very little good
from ills treatinouL After taking a
few bottles of your medicine, I was
able to do my work and nurse my seven-
months'-old babe. I recommend your
medicine to every wife and mother.
Had I time, 1 could write much more
in its praise. I bid you God's speed in
your good work." — Mrs. L. A. Mobbis,
Wbi.uca, Pvt.ya-m Co., Fla.
" Dear MBS. Pinttixam — When I com-
menced the use- of your remedies I was
very bad off. Every two weeks I was
troubled with flowing spells which mad
me very weak, I had two of the best
doctors, but they did not seem to help
me.
"They said my trouble was caused
from weakness and was nothing to
worry about. I felt tired all the time; had
no ambition. I was growing worse all
the time until I began the use of Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. lam
now able to help about the house, and
am much improved in health." — Mns.
A. Waj.juti. Cat.ijcoo3J Depot, N. Y.
EASTMAN
KODAKS
M Reduced 33$
BARGAIN LIST
No. 15
Photo and Magic Lantern ap-
paratus now ready for mailing.
TRADING, RENTING, BUYING.
T. P. ANDREWS,
109 Montgomery St.
If* lI.M #% ALBERT
r1 1 |J *■ HOEFLICIi
V£& H " ■PQk Importer and
I SB wk Manufacturer,
I Uliy 116 Grant Ay.
Telephone
GREEN 325.
(all ailments of men cured.!
DR. MEYETIS & CO. bare trie largest prac- rJ
tice and best equipped medical Institution '<J
CD the Pacific Coast. Established 17 years. 9
PRIVATE BOOK and advice free at oftlc* 9
or by mall. All letters confidential. -
j 731 Market St., San Francisco. I
ELECTRIC BELTS,
jjS^JtSlllH.'i^mKSj^MUC^ Prices from $3 50 to
Largest manu-
|S^J?\ 'I . t </ MSI f«cturerB in the Unl-
VmJteipjgii^^CTjrrftty r<»d States. No Quacks
> 't;^s ijjlr&WVilmSii/i connected with this
oiVMtrhcLr^**4fc~~ eßtablls^ment.
1 — tdnr- * C Tor particulars
Jkgjp*' call or send 2c in
■^Vv etampa . for "Booklet
No. 2," Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.. «20 Market St..
Opposite Palace Hotel, 8. F.
nunTiinr Fllpi and aII Rectal
fill 111 I 111 1 I : ' ' diseases cured or no
XII W I IM V pay. No detention
IB II I ni " om bUßiness. DRB.
I Hll I I Jill MANSFIELD & POR-
II IS I I Wilt TERFIELD. BSB Mar-
te! !fc P%P r r*^f^'
KODAK MAKERS
BEGIN WAR ON
SMALL DEALERS
Cut Rates on Photo
Supplies.
Tho Eastman Kodak Company has
started a rate war on this coast to force
the smaller retail dealers out of business
to compel some of the larger East
ern manufacturers to enter Into a trust.
The company has sought in more ways
than one to gain absolute control of the
trade. From time to time It has ab
sorbed smaller concerns that threatened
to become competitors for the business of
the amateurs. Some of the concerns re
fused to le absorbed and grew on apcce
until their proportions began to worry
the Eastman people. Some few months
ago propositions were made to these In
stitutions to enter ir'o a combine. Ne
gotiations were evidently not satisfactory
and a compact was not effected.
On this coapt there are more than
twenty thousand amateur photographers,
ar.d they form a very important factor in
the business of the competing Eastern
conipaHos. The Rochester Optical Com
pany, the Rochester Camera and Supply
Company, the Western Camera Company
(the chief rival of the Eastman Com
pany) and tho Adlake Company of Chi
cago have been making frantic bids for
the patronage of the coast These are the
concerns that the Eaetman Company has
been tryinpr to lorce Into a trust
On October 2? ihe trade rwetved notice
irom tiie Kastman Company that a cut of
cne-thlrd in the price of all of the goods
sold by the company would be inaugu
rated on this coast on November 1. The
leading dealers got together Wednesday
iS } a a f ter a lengthy discussion de
cided to abide by the cut and advertise
the reduction on the Eastman goods
1 The result of this is going to be," paid
a prominent dealer yesterday, "that the
smaller dealers— especially those in the
interior towns who have beon handling
tho goons oi other concerns— are going to
be frozen out of business by the Eastman
people. This is the greatest rate war In
photographic supplies that has ever been
Inaugurated In the country, and there is
no telling where It la going to end. There
is every Indication that it Is going to >je
a tight to a finish. If the smaller con
corns are able to hold out against the
Eastman peopie a compromise may be
reached after all of them have lost a
great deal of money, but if the aggress
or? win out a trust will undoubtedly be
formed that will force the prices of ama
teur photographic supplies up to a il?r
ure where the pastime will become one of
the greatest luxuries In the country."
The great card of the Eastman people
has been tholr film process of photog
raphy. The dry plate process has given
them considerable uneasiness. They have
bought out several small concerns, but
have been unable to shut off all opposi
tion. The war is inaugurated on this
coast for the reason that Pacific Coast
amatpurs have the reputation among the
manufacturers of using the better qual
ity and a higher price of goods than those
of any other part of the United States.
The war will not affect the larger deal
ers who make a specialty of several lines
of amateur photographic supplies, but
there are more than 400 nmall aealers who
have been selling the goods of the oppo
sition to the Eastman Company which, if
the latter wins out in the war that waa
started yesterday morning, will be forced
out of business.
This is the first time in the history of
amateur photography that a cut in the
prices of the material used has been
dreamed of. The Eastman Company has
had such a monopoly of the business th:*t
on many occasions where dealers have
cut prices their supply has been cut off
entirely and they have been compelled to
retire from that branch of trade.
"Press the button" machines are down
to bedrock prices on the coast since
yesterday, but when the figures go up the
dealers assert that all the losses or the
war will be made good and a great deal
more.
CUBBING A MONSTROUS EVIL.
Alfred P. Black's Ability and Up
rightness Deserves Becognition
by All Good People.
San Francisco has long; been cursed by
ghouls fn human form, who, preying on
the fear of Inexperienced women, havu
placed them In deadly peril by their
wicked acts. Some of these malefactors
were women, and among the number wap
Mrs. Dora Fuhrlg, who was flnallv ar
rested on a charge of murder. The prose
cution of this woman under the law wns
aligned to Alfred P. Black, then, as now
Assistant District Attorney. Against all
the force of mawkish sympathy and false
sentiment Mr. Black contended success
fully and secured a conviction of Mrs
Fuhrig. in consequence of which she was
sentenced to the State prison for a term
of years. She has taken an appeal but
the excellent work of Mr. Black has al
ready borne fruit In the curbing of . in
evil that hitherto wns rampant In thl*
community. Mr. Black is the Republican
nominee for District Attorney. He de
serves and ought to receive the hearty
support of all good citizens. Ho has ex
perience, ability and Integrity.
AMERICAN SOLDIERS
IN THE PHILIPPINES
The uniform and army fund of Com
pany C. League of the Cross Cadets, was
materially Increased by the benefit enror
tainment held in Metropolitan Temple
last evening. The following excellent nro
gramme was greatly enjoyed:
Introductory, Captain Phil U Bannoa, com
manding Company C, L. C. C. ; address Lieu
tenant \V. A. Kelly, regimental staff v" c C
president of the evening; Instrumental trio'
Messrs. Cellarlus, Landls and Fitzgerald- vocal
solo, selected. Miss Fanny E. Ryan; instru
mental duet, the. Misses Kelly; tenor solo se
lected. Bradley H. Smith; specialties Mis*
Grace Welch and Master Chester Plnkham- so
prano solo, "Star-spangled Banner," Mlas A
Roney; address. "A Soldier's Ufo in the Phlll
WASHINGTON MEN
DEPART ON THE
STEAMER QUEEN
A Big Crowd to See
Them Off.
— »
HORSE TRANSPORTS DEPART
HORSE TRANSPORTS DEPART
♦
NO NEWS FROM THE OVERDUE
NO NEWS FROM THE OVERDUE
CYRUS WAKEFIELD.
♦ ' ■
Ship William Tillie, Drawing Nearly
Twenty Feet, Taken Up Oak-
land Creek — Along
the Front.
The steamer Queen sailed for Puget
Sound yesterday with 365 of the Wash
ington volunteers aboard. There was an
Immense crowd down to Bee the steamer
off and three hearty cheers for the soldier
boys were given as the Queen moved
away from the wharf. The Queen carried
troops only and all the arrangements for
her charter and the dispatch of the men
were made by Levl N. Ankenny of Walla
Walla. Wash. The transport Leelanaw
got away early yesterday morning for
Manila via Honolulu, with 275 head of
horses. The Conemaugh, with 280 horses,
will go this morning.
Th« transport Hancock cam© oft the
Hunters Point drydock yesterday and
went to the Union Iron Works to put off
a lot of gear and plglron. She was to
have had her trial trip yesterday, but the
putting on of her bilge keels was not
completed In time. She will be ready by
Monday and during the afternoon her
compasses will be adjusted and she will
have a trial spin around the bay.
The American ship Cyrus Wakefteld is
now out 120 days from Port Stanley, Falk
lands Islands, for San Francisco and ten
per cent reinsurance is being paid, on
her. The Wakefield was cnutrht in a
storm off the Horn, during which Cap
tain Henry was either killed or murdered.
The vessel then put into Stanley and while
she was there the ship John R. Kelley
was wrecked while making port and Cnp
taln Chapman took command of the Wake
field. That was four months ago and
since then nothing has been heard of the
vessel. The general fmpression is that
Captain Chapman, finding it impossible
to round the Horn, squared away and Is
! coming via the Cape or Good Hope.
The British ship William Tillie, drawing
nlnet»-^n feet *ix Inches of water, went
up Oakland Creek to discharge yesterday.
j Since the estuary has been dredged near
■ ly all classes or vessels can go up and
i down the creek with safety. Captain Silo-
I v!ch. in the tug Alert, had no difficulty in
taking the big Britisher up to th^ coal
bunkers, where her cargo is to be dis
charged.
The longshoremen along the front made
a demand yesterday for 40 cents an hour
on all work and got It. The rate used to
be 20 cents an hour and one or two iso
lated strikes for an advance of 10 cents
were successful. From this on the pay
will be 40 cents an hour on all work.
Tim Larkln-of 630 Sacramento street
was treated yesterday at the Harbor Hos-
Sital for a badly lacered scalp wound.
:efore Officer Henneberry could get the
man to the hospital he nearly bled to
I death. Larkln Bays he was held up by
two men en the corner of East street and
j Broadway, who robbed him of $30 and then
knocked him down with a club.
Denis Hughes severed an artery be
tween the middle and ring finger with a
knife and nearly bled to death yesterday
before Drs. Robinson and Holmes could
I stop the hemorrhage at the Harbor Hos
pital.
A publication named the "Sea Gull' has
been started on the battleship lowa
Henry Murgottrn is editor-in-chief and
Carl E. Hug is the artist. The first num
ber is a very creditable production and
contains a number of local hits.
TO STORE THE FLOOD
WATERS OF CALIFORNIA
A full meeting of the preliminary com
mittee of the California State Association
for the Storage of Flood Waters was held
; at the headquarters, room 380, Palace Ho
j tel, on Thursday evening, the 2d inst.
A general discussion of the objects of
the association took place, and reports
from the officers were received.
An invitation to be present at the con
vention was extended to Professor
Newell, chief hydrographer at Washing
ton. D. C, and It was intimated by the
gentlemen who submitted his name that
the professor would take pleasure in at
tending.
A letter was received from El wood
Mead of Wyoming, who has always taleen
a prominent part in the National Irriga
tion Congress, accepting an Invitation to
be present at the convention.
The United States Senator and Con
gressmen from this State will be invited
to attend the convention. Also the presi
dent and two delegates each from Stan
ford University and the State University.
The Sierra Club, at its request, was in
vited to send five delegates to the con
vention.
It was announced that the railroad
companies had made the usual conven
tion rate of one and one-third fare for the
round trip.
MAY COME TO THE COAST.
Interstate Commerce Commission May
Adjourn to Take Testimony in
This City.
The Inclinations are that the meeting of
the Interstate Commerce Commission in
St. Louis on the 13th inst. will be lartjely
attended. It is believed that the St. Louis
hearing: will be only preliminary and that
the sessions will not extend over three or
four days. The reason for this is that the
interests of the coast are so large that
more time Is needed for preparation than
has been afforded In the Interval between
the filing of the suit by the St. Louis
lobbers and the date set for the hearing.
It will also be asked, so that the Paeinc
Coast may have ample opportunity to get
In all the facts, that further testimony
shall be taken upon the coast, either by
a member of the commission delegated
for that duty or by the entire commission.
Charles F. Tay, who Is joins East upon
other business, will be one of the wit
nesses for the coast at the St. Louis hear
ing. J. Baruoh will go a? a witness from
Los Angeles and J. S. Goldsmith will tes-
I tlfy concerning the effect that the pro
! posed graded rates and the dr. pplng of
I differentials would have upon the busl
; ness interest? of Seattle. Enen S. Pllls
i bury Prefld^nt Wak^fleld Baker and
Traffic Manager H. D. Loveland will rep
resent the Pacific Coast Jobbers' and
I Manufacturers' Association. W. A. Bie
! sell will po on to represent the interests
of the Santa Fe system. All the Middle
\V>Pt cities will be represented by attor
neys and witnesses.
Mizpah Club Benefit.
The Mizpah Charity Club will be given
a benefit November 14 and 15 at the Co
lumbia Theater. Only the tickets pur
chased from the members of the organisa
tion will add to the benefit fund of the
club. The society Is deserving of every
encouragement and ass!stance. For many
years it has devoted its Income to reliev
ing the suffering and distress of the
worthy poor by furnishing food, fuel, rent,
clothing and the services of nurses and
physicians when needed. The officers of
the club are: Mrs. A. C- Rulnfson, presi
dent: Mrs. H. Newell, vice president: Mrß.
R H. Countryman, recording secretary;
Mrs. M. L. Elliott, corresponding secre
tary; Mrs. J. J. Splcker, treasurer.
The Isthmus of Panama.
It« engineers believe that they have solved
the problem of the successful completion of this
great enterprise. If bo, It will prove a great
benefit to humanity, no more, truthfully speak
ing, than has Hostetter's Stomach Bitters, the
remedy which never falls to cure afflictions of
the stomach— of what use is prosperity
without health? The Bitters Invariably
strengthens weak stomachs and torpid livers,
bd4 is <m% of the blessings 9t th» ace.
' j / US'jSHBBr^ | \V \p& SB
VIGOR RESTORED
PAINE'S Cekry
rAiiNna Compound
Mrs, Alice Terry Wood, 515 High-
land Street, Helena, Mont*, writes:
"I can say to all that I believe Paine's
Celery Compound a great medicine. I
should have been in my grave if it hadn't
been for that, and I can say to all that are
tired and run down to try it and they will
find relief at once.
"My trouble was general weakness, with
no strength or appetite, and heart trouble.
I have taken four bottles of it and feel like
a new person. Now I have a good appetite,
do all of my work, and feel well."
Paine's Celery Compound will reinforce weak-
ened and irritated nerves. Nerve fibre is made
and nerve force increased* The liver, stomach
and kidneys are kept in healthy action* The
blood is made full of nourishment* The body
does not suffer exhaustion or wearing pains but
is constantly sustained in strength and vigor*
THE CALIFORNIA COLLEGE OF DENTAL
SURGERY
WILb OPEN for the admission of student*
MONDAY. Octobrr 23.
For further particulars address
■. W. DENNIS. M.D.. D.D.8., Dean,
416 Farrott building;
OrLBEUT M. BARRETT. A.M.. M.D.. Bt«-
-rvtary. 1121 Sutter at. ■ '
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS— RB-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms. SCo to $1 50 day;
16 to $8 week; $8 to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; flre grate* In everi
nomi elevator, runs all clsht-
MAKE PERFECT MEN
■^^•Sifcj. ■■ po SOT DESPAIR ! DonotSuf.
jffl^raaL fer Longerl The iora and ambitions of
life can be restored to you. The verr
W& ,M wor«tc«sesof Xtrxon. I>«billty ars
QPO SOT DESPAIR ! DonotSuf-
fer Longer! The joys and ambitions ot
life can be restored to you. The very
worstcusesof Stnoni Oebillty ars
& % jtM'rABLiTS. Glvefromrt relief tola.
TABLtTS. Give prompt relief toin.
Wv-3^i" 0I D , la talltnar memory and the waste
«Sj\J^rjggjy and drain of vital powers. Incurred by
'U-Nk^S'' Indiscretions or excesses of early years
TT Impart vigor and potency to every func-
tion. Brace up the system. Give f ,_ bloom to the
Cheeks and lustre to the eyes of/*^Tonnitorohi
One SOo box renews vital energy f»llj6 boxes it
•2.50 a complete guaranteed cure TtfitlJ or money re-
funded. Can be carried in vest '^WP' pocket ««m
everywhere, or mailed in plain wrapper on reoelm oe
pries by TUB FERFKCTO CO., Cxto. 6ld»f, Chle^o lSf
£oia by Qwl Drug Co.. 6, *V and, V»*Hm4,
78
GOLF AND OTHER SPORTS
QUAIL GIVES
VARIED SPORT
ON THE HILLS
Weather Conditions Against
Some of the Gunmen on
Opening Day.
ALTHOUGH the > season In which quail
may be ' killed ' opened nominally on
Wednesday last, die large proportion
of sportsmen will try their skill in the
Held for the -first time to-day. Compara
tively few were able to ivil themselves of
the opening day, comjng as it did In mid
week. The reports of the sports in Marin
County vary, some men. securing the
limit of twenty-five birds readily, while
others did' not meet with success. The
weather conditions ; were against good
sport, as the . groiiixi was damp and the
birds would not lies close. With clear
weather to-day the import should be much
Improved. It" la the general opinion of the
sportsmen that birds ire more numerous
and better developed" than ■ in former
years.
Frank Maskey and other devotees of
the >hotgun adirm that the law limiting
the bag to twenty-five birds worked ad
mirably. So soon as a man killed the
limit he retired soiuiied, and there was
no heedless slaughu-x of birds for the
mere name of having killed a large num
ber. Some did not secure the limit, Mr.
Maskey coine.-i.sing; to a total of eighteen
on Wednesday and twelve on Thursday.
C. i". Mullins and four members of the
Country. Club did not have as good sport
a:- they anticipated. With better weather
conditions it 1- expoctea the shooting will
Improve.
Frank Vernon and Tom Irwin ha I a
successful try at the quail near Point
Reyes on the opening day. At- 10 a. m.
they had secured the limit of twenty-five
biras to a gun. They will shoot over the
same ground to-day.
Louis Wyman, «J. H." Nichols and a
friend secured. 150. .. .-slacks on Tubbs
Island last i day.
H. C. Gol i •■! is spending a brief vaca
tion at Point Reyes and will avail himself
of the quail shooting to be had in that
vicinity.
Fred Feudner and J. Peltier will spend
to-day and to-morrow near Hamlets
Marin County, where quail are reported
plentiful.
Herbert Spencer, one .of the veteran
shots of the ast, will have a try at the
quail in the. .foothills back of Hay wards
to-morrow.
David Thorn and 11. Justin will try their
pkili on the quail to-morrow. Mr. Thorn
Is one of the best snipe shots on the coast
and enjoys a day In the field in quest of
that fast-Hying bird. ■
Phil Wand nas spent several days In
the field after ' quail, shooting over his
favorite ; English setter champion. Flora
The members of the Olympic Gun Club
had the most, successful shooting of the
Et-ason on their duck preserves at Cor
delia last Sunday.: L. W. Harpham- se
cured 14, F. B. Surryhne 13, J. J. Winner
10, J. Homer Fritch 5, H. L. Miller 4 and
Dr. A. T. Derby .3. Al Cumming had the
preserve all . to ; himself on Wednesday
and bagged twenty-one birds. Leu D
Owens and- A. I. Kisberg have made ar
rangements to shoot over the ponds next
Wednesday. '
Messrs. llaight, Sweeney and Kuhlman
of the Canvas Back Club had no shooting
whatever on their preserve. No birds
came within range of the guns, leaving
the days sport a blank.
The nominating committee elected by
the members of the Olympic Gun Club
has completed- the regular -ticket to be'
voted upon .at the forthcoming election
The directors named are: M. C. Allen R
H. Delafield. -J. Homer Frltch, c ' f'
Grant, L. W. Harpham. W. A. Marshall
W. D. McArthur, A. Roos and F. B. Sur
ryhne. It is . understood an opposition
ticket, with these names, excepting pos
sibly three will be placed in the Held
Colonel R. A. Eddy is st,lll enjoying' the
shooting to be had on the Teal Club pre
serve near Cordelia.
C H. Shore is credited with securing
a bag ft twenty-eight ducks at Alvarado
last Sunday, l>r. F. J. Lane bagging four
teen at the same place.
Henry BeWrdeder and "Jack" Dennis en
joyed a successful shoot at Buisun last
Sunday. The genial Henry in credited
with a bag of eighteen ducks.
The shooting on the preserve of the
Spooney* Gun 'I'll) .near Alvarado was
not good last Sunday. L. R. Larzaiere
beinp high pun, with seven birds to his
credit For three hours flock after flock
of sprlff and widgeon passed to the south
ward, driven .down by the rain. They
were too high to be "reached. The pond's
on the club's preserve are filling grad
ually, and the shooting should improve
from this time forth. The shooting is
reported good near Mowrles. "Charley"
Cite had a successful day there recently
after snipe. ■ •->•_•>
Owing- to the overflow of the American
River near Knights Landing there is
plenty of fresh water, and sprig are
found there in great numbers.
Lloyd Eaton left yesterday for Liver
more, where he will enjoy the quail
shooting for a few days.
•:>";; ■: ■ » •
Barley-Malt and Hops,
md no corn, are used In making: the famous
er-BtlßCh Brewing Awn brands of beer
for home and club use. There are no others
lhat equal it. . Absolutely pure beer.
DEVOTEES OF
FOOTBALL ARE
MORE ARDENT
New Schedule Promises Good
Matches Between West
ern Colleges.
WHEN the preparatory work of this
Lson was under way the football
prospects for the year were never
before bo glowing nor .so bright. Hardly
had the games begun when a slump
changed all the glittering premises into
the most mediocre football possible.
A week ago the football atmosphere
was not inspiriting, but the unexpected
has happened and it now looks as if the
month of November would bring with it
some interesting gridiron sport. Arrange
: ments have been made for contests be
. tween the two California universities and
the rival colleges of Washington, Oregon
' and Nevada. The new schedule of games
contains a series of matches which will
run through the present month and wll,
on account of their number, allow of con
tests In this city and at either of the
university lields every Saturday. There Is
, a possibility of the non-appearance of the
teams representing Oregon and Washing
ton, but che University of Nevada eleven
will certainly make the trip, although it
has been delayed a week on account of
■ faculty opposition.
Stanford and the Olympics will meet
this afternoon for the third time this sea
son. They will play again on Tuesday —
election Jay— at Palo Alto. The students
! of the University of California were pre
; paring for a reception of the Nevada
boys, but on Tuesday last a telegram was
received from Reno which called off the
game scheduled for this afternoon on the
Berkeley Held. Ever since 1596, when the
custom of sending the freshmen elevens
of the universities of the State to Reno
was inaugurated, Nevada and California
have been more or less in touch in foot
', ball matters. Hitherto the local fresh
! man elevens have found no great difficul
ty in taking the measure of the Nevadans,
but conditions are not as they were. Ne
vada's team of 1899 Is a stronger and bet
ter drilled aggregation than in former
years. It is not, however, up to our col-
I legiate standard in the game and there
I can be no doubt as to the outcome of the
: matches.
Stanford will meet . the University of
j Nevada team next Saturday on the Palo
Alto gridiron. The week following will see
! a match between the University of Cali
i fornia and the University of Nevada.
These games will serve as good practice
I for the college elevens, as they present a
different team against which to battle.
The college men of Stanford and the Uni
versity of California have played against
the Olympic team so often that they know
thoroughly the style of play affected by
the clubmen. This new team will force
; a change in tactics and be a good lesson
to the big college elevens of this State.
Will the Olympics win a game this sea
-1 son? That is the question which those In
terested in football are repeatedly asking
at the club, and the answer is anything
but comforting. After a week of complete
i rest the Olympic eleven has returned to
j its peculiar system of practice. The red
I and white team which will line up this
afternoon ib practically the same that
played Stanford two weeks ago, with the
] exception of Fickert, whose place will be
filled by Atkinson. Fickert strained his
shoulder during the week and Is on the
shelf temporarily.
Less than four weeks remain In which
the college teams may perfect their play
i ing and form their Thanksgiving day
teams. Progress so far has been uniform
and the prospects of a hard-fought cham
, pionship contest are brighter than herto
' fore. There is plenty of spirit at Palo
Alto and with heavier material a strong
! team should be the outcome of Chamber
lain's efforts. As it is, California will iind
an organized team pitted against It on
November 30..- •. ; .% ,\'
The coaches at California, Cochran and
Kelly, are not enthusiastic over the work
on the California campus. They have
been trying their best to break down the
unwarranted- spirit of overconfidence the
California men seem to exhibit on all oc
casions. ■ The games between that eleven
and the Olympics have not displayed any
great superiority of playing on the part
of the California eleven. It has not come
up to the anticipated standard. ' Cochran
and Kelly do not neglect a moment, yet
the eleven is by no means what It should
be for a team .that has been playing to
gether for two seasons. Whlpple has not
- yet been able to rojoln the eleven, of
which he is captain, but it is expected he
, will be In the ranks next week. The seri
; ous part of the work has begun and in
, difference will not be tolerated during the
remainder of the season.
STANFORD MEN HOPEFUL.
STANFORD UNIVKRSITY, Nov. 3.—
Tho victory of the freshman team last
Saturday put new zest into football at
Stanford, and as a result the practice*
this week have been the fiercest seen on
the. campus for years. The men have no
other thought than to make the team
going into the game with a recklessness
that s<-cmp wanton to the ordinary on
looker. To Chamberlain and his helpers
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI^L,, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 4, 1899.
PROFESSIONAL COACHES OF OAKLAND GOLF CLUB.
*' FROM PHOTOGRAPHS TAKEN EXPRESSLY FOR THE CALL.
t, Horace Rawlins, golf champion of the United States in 1895 and second for the same honor In 1596, and "Willie" <$
4 Anderson, who lost the championship bj one stroke in \Ku, are busily engaged couching the players of Oakland Club. 4
*> They came from the East recently with all the latest ideas on the game of the "Hoot Mons. The center picture f
« Bhows Rawlins In chf.racte'-i'-Ue attitudes, while those on each side are of Anderson. 4
CHAMPIONSHIP CONTESTS
AMONG CLEVER GOLFERS
VICE CAPTAIN P. K. BOWLES of the Oakland Golf Club
an l 11. B. Goodwin, representing the San Francisco golfers,
have been discussing the preliminaries of the series of
home and home mutches to be held between teams of the two
dubs. Owing to the numerous events for which dates have
..'ready fixed the first of these matches will probably take
place early in January, and will consist of two parts, one on
the Oakland links and the other on the Presidio course. A sec
ond and similar double-barreled contest will take place In April.
In the event of a tie the deciding match will be played in May
on neutral links.
This afternoon on the Presidio links there will be an eight
een-hole tournament against "bogey." who will probably give
the s( ratch men a handicap of a stroke on each hole, other
players receiving handicaps proportioned to the results of their
• play. The scratch men will thus have some chance of
winning the tournament. If. as is likely, there are some ties,
they will be played off later.
Next Saturday. November 11. the ladies of the Ban Fran
cisco Golf Club will probably have a handicap tournament over
eighteen holes, medal play. There will be ilrsi ami second prizes,
and the winner of the liret prize will aJso Ix-corne the holder of
the VV'lnslow medal, which is supposed to be contended for once
a month among the ladies. The Winslow medal must be won
three times before becoming the winner's property, it lias
already been won by Miss M. B. Hough ton, Miss E. W. Morgan.
Mis.* Taylor and Miss Sarah Drum. Miss Houghton has won it
twice — in February and in March of this year.
Later in the month the quallfyingrouiids for the tournament
for the Council's cup will be held over eighteen holes, medal
piay. The eight or sixteen players who make the lowesi -
in the qualifying round will enter the cup tournament, which
will be at nmtcn play. The ladies of the San Francisco club
also wish to have a handicap match tournament in December
under Eimilar conditions to those for the Council's cup. The
competitions for the Council's cup will take place on Thanks
giving day New Tear's day and Washington's birthday, the
qualifying rounds to be. played within the two weeks preceding
each competition.
The second tournament for the Macdmiald cupwill takeplace
this afternoon on the Oakland links. It Is an eighteen-hole
match play, handicap contest, for men. In the first contest,
which began September 2. C. P. Hubbard defeated K. P.. Folger
in the tinal round.
In the fourth fortnightly tournament held on the links at San
• the sight is encouraging. It means the '
Stanford team this year will be composed
i of the most determined set of men that
j ever represented the cardinal. Nor will
they have to depend on "spirit" alone.
Among those who appear each evening
for practice are men of first class foot
ball ability— of action, weight and experi
ence.
The line men continue to improve with
I each day's practice, particularly in their
offensive work. Graves, Bentley, De For
est and Huston leading, with Dole, Emer
! son and Wrigiey not far behind. Raitt,
, the quarterback of the victorious fresh
; man team, is being tried at end and Is
playing a good game.*
Two weeks ago the situation back of the
line was serious. It now begins to look
as if the backs will at least be up to the
i average of the rest of the team. The
- most hopeful change has been placing the
younger McFadden at fullback. While
i the position is new to him, he has shown
wonderful promise. His line bucking is
the best that has been seen here since
Stewart Cotton retired from the game.
He is also good In running, interference
and backing up the line. Smith and
' Fisher at halves are doing creditable
| work, playing together and putting up
; good Interference. It is probable that
these three men will be seen in to-mor-
I row's game, when Stanford lines up
i against the Olympics. Erb, Nourse and
! Jost on the second eleven understand
their positions well and will be in tho
! race till the end. Only one Injury has
J been sustained BO far, Phil Oilman, guard
! on the second eleven, receiving a painful
; but not serious wrench in his knee. Bur
i nett is back in the game after a week's
rest, much improved in condition. The
health of the whole squad continues good
! under the care of Trainer Murphy.
Most of the men in the freshman team
continue to come out, and several have
good prospects for the big eleven. The
i line-up for Saturday's game will be much
the same as It has been In the former
games, except back of the line. Many
1 men will be substituted as the game pro
gresses In order that the "trying out"
system may go on steadily.
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.
The team of apprentices from British
ships which was defeated last Saturday
afternoon by the Vampire Association
football eleven will try conclusions again
i to-day with the victors on the Presidio
j athletic grounds. The sailors were some
| what unlucky last Saturday, two of their
tries at goal passing over the crossbar.
As their team has been somewhat
i strengthened, they hope to make a bet
-1 ter display to-day. The team will be or
! ganlzed and captained fay Rev. YV. H. L.
] O'Rourke. The klekoff" will be at 3:30
ip. m. The Vampire eleven will be selected
from the following: .1. T. Burtchaell, J.
McGaw (captain), J. D. Robertson, W. (;
Belwbod, W. W. Tomlinson. A. Fried
! richs. C Simmonds. H. C. Gasidy, G T.
R. White, C Y. Williamson, J. J. R. Peel,
! B. Bird. A. J. McCullom and R. H. Mc
i Dermid.
Fell Down an Elevator Shaft.
Andrew Maddnlena, porter In the Hotel
Baltimore, Van Ness avenue, had a nar
row escnpe from death yesterday morn-
Ing. His bedroom is on the third floor,
and alter dressing himself he went to the
elevator to go down to the basement.
The elevator happened to be on the floor
above and Maddalena stepped Into space
and fell to the basement, n. distance of
about forty-five feet. He was taken to
' the Receiving Hospital In the ambulance,
•where Dr. Dray found that his back was
sprained and he had a deep lacerated
wound on his scalp. He was also suffer
ing from Internal Injuries and a possible
fracture of the skull.
The report of the Red Cross Society's
second annual meeting, October 7, 189!>,
will be found in the Overland Monthly for
November. •
Rafael last Saturday the ladies' handicap was won by Miss
Goodwin, with a score of 72 less 12—60, Mips A. Huffman being
second with a score of 70 less ,"»— 65. The men's handicap at
eighteen holes was won by clement Arnold, with a score of 132
less 38 — 114. K. J. Davis taking second prize with a score of 134
less 13 i-\. This afternoon the fifth fortnightly tournament
Will be held. -Mrs. F. 11. Green of San Rafael has" improved her
game .■. rood ■;■ ;il lately, the club score book showing records
varying from 70 down to <''i.
Chauncey K. Wlnslow, on behalf of the San Francisco Golf
(lui>. an.] P. !•: Bowles, representing the Oakland club, have
made arrangements for a tournament, open to members of any
golf club on the Pacific Coast, for the amateur championship
of California. The first contest will take place on the Presidio
links December 9.
The open amateur tournament of the Los Angeles Country
Club will b<> played to-day on the new links, in the open com
petitlon for men and that for women the contestants making
ih. i..-st kh.i-s scores will have their names and scores engrui'ii
<>n the I. cs Angeles open competition cups and will receive a
gold medal. Those who make the second best gross scores will
receive siU-er medals. There will also be first and second prizes
in the handicap contests for men and for women. There will
1"- ;.n open driving competition for men and one for women
The tirst eighteen holes of the men's event and the first nine
of the women's contest will be played in the forenoon and the
later rounds in the afternoon. The tournament Is expected to
be the most important ever held in Southern California and
the first competition over a full cighteen-hole course In the
State. The new links nro in splendid condition, and the course'
of the recognized length, is full of hazards and altogether
"sporty." The competitors will he handicapped with "boeev"
as a basts, s,, that the scratch men will have a fair chance
Maud of Riverside and Orr of Pasadena are regarded as stand'
ing in a class by themselves, though some of the Los Anreles
scratch men would not like to receive any handicap from them
A large list of entries ha.s been received and a keen contest i*
expected. "" l 13
The Linda Vista Golf Club of San Jose ha.s been organi-ed
twenty gentlemen having become guarantor in the sum oflM
each. George M. Howman. L. L. Morse R W Heraev \ r
Kuhn and D. M. Burnett have been elected trustees to serve till
the first annual meeting in April of next year. The V win eleot
a president, secretary and treasurer. The entrance fees are <1.)
for men and $5 for women; the yearly subscription for nun is
$10 and for women $6 On the recommendation of the tn^ees
and the approval Of a majority of the members the number of
guarantors may be Increased to forty. "™ Der or
OAKLAND AND
SENATORS FOR
LOCAL SERIES
Fans Are Expecting Close
Games Between the Rival
Baseball Teams.
THE Sacramento ball team is sched
uled for two more trips to this city
before the end of the season. They
are coming this week for a bout with the
Oaklands and will wind up a series of
five games at Recreation Park to-morrow
afternoon. Contests between these two
teams are always full of snap, and In
view of the unfortunate ending of the
game between them last week at Sacra
mento there should be some warm ball
playing when they meet. again. Umpire
O'Connell is blamed for the defeat of the
Dudes last Sunday, but the Dudes de
serve censure for sulking and leaving the
diamond in the ninth inning, when the
score was tie. The decision which they
disputed did not determine the game and
they might have won despite it. In caus
ing the game to be forfeited they gave
the Senators a lead that will carry the
pennant with it. Manager Ewing has
not given up hope of winning a majority
of the series.
The line-up for to-morrow's game is as
follows:
Sacramento. Positions. Oakland.
Stanley Catcher Hammond
Harvey Pitcher Borchers
O'Connor First base Hutchlnson
fitultz Second base Dunleavy
Xh»»han Third base Ixinpce
Eagan Shortstop ..Schmeer
McLaUEhlin i jf >ft field Mosklman
Snanahan Center field Donovan
Do > le Right nt . , Hardie
AMOND THE WHEELMEN.
In order to promote interest in racing,
Leavltt & Bill have decided to arrange
fortnightly meets on the Olympic Club's
track, commencing to-morrow, and will
offer prizes of sufficient value to Induce
the men to ride. This should have the
effect of stimulating the old riders and
developing some new talent. No admis
sion fee will be charged and no entrance
fee to the contestants. The programme
to-morrow commences at 10 a. m., and in
cludes a ten-mile team race, five on a
side, starting from opposite sides of the
track, each man to ride two miles, tan
dem paced. There will also be a handi
cap, a mile scratch and several record
trials.
An eighth of a mile indoor hoard track
Is lioing constructed In Ijos Angeles and
wheeling is on the boom down there.
Floyd McFarland and Orlando Stevens,
the two cracks of the late Eastern circuit,
will be hero in a couple of days. The
Garden City Wheelmen will hold a meet
in Ban Jose on November 1!», at which
these men, together with Downing. Law
son, Turville, Freeman and others will
compete, and thereafter Sacramento will
hold a similar meet.
The regular monthly meeting of the
Associated Cycling Clubs will be held
this evening at room 557, Parrott build-
Ing. Ab It is probable the association will
shortly turn over its control of racing on
the coast to the National Cyclists' Asso
ciation, the latter will have to sanction
the proposed meets in the future.
The California Cycling Club will hold
a ten-mile handicap road race to-morrow
morning at 10 o'clock over the Fruitvale-
Harwarda course. The entries and handi
caps are: R. a. Coulter, G. Seyfrled.
scratch; A. Carl, Jacob Holle. 30 seconds;
K. S. Kristensen, 11. Buttgenbach, 1 mm
T An : - m"S,^P'sslpr. Charles Ste ?Ra r.
1:30; M. kielbers. F. Molkr, 1:45- \ \\ c
A.lam William Pllfirhi Edward fegeber.
2 minutes: M. tJrlfflth. A. AleayuL 2tfO :
J. Hougaard L. Serres, 3 minutes- ' Will
11am Juedt, Joseph Holle, 3:30; F. N Bent
W. A Sanpster, 4 minutes '
CaS^nrj&^^^^enth Instthe
wl, ;t . A ! th a the FlrSt CaUfornTa 6^!
The CallfornfM will offer a proposition
at the association meeUng this evening
to restore to amateur standing several of
its members who have been made prof
TneLsen. n ° tably ' KraftS - B^afrSd
E. E. Stoddard,. manager of the btrwln
department of Dunham, Carrigan & Hay
den Co., left for the East Thur«dav morn"
ing to visit some of the prominent fac'
The Reno Wheelmen have elected the
, f i«n?^ n^' of ccrs: Frank Coffin? presi!
W. L Yoos, chairman of the California
Associated Cycling Clubs' racine^board
has received many complimentary notes
from the officials of the association on thl
YACHT SAILS WILL BE FURLED.
The San Francisco Yacht Club gave the
last dance.of the season in the clubhouse
at Sausallto last Saturday night. The hop
was well attended and a pleasant even
■was passed. Several ladies residing
in Sausalito have become members of the
club and propose to give a series of enter
tainments there during the winter The
rooms on the upper floor will be adorned
with potted plants and an effort will be
mafic to complete the decoration of the
dan hall in some appropriate style
rs - JiP erry and Mrs - C - "■ Harrison are
the pTime movers in the matter The
clubhouse, which is be a scene during
the winter, will thus be a 'scene of con?
siderable activity.
The admission of women to a yacht
club as members Is an innovation on this
coast at any rate, but the San Pranciscos
will gain considerably in social standing
thereby." ii.-.-r" ••>■•,.-.- ..,..".
To-morrow, soon after the arrival of the
11 o clock boat from San Francisco, the
bridge at Tiburon will be raised and the
yachts of the Corinthian fleet will be
taken through into the lagoon, in the
quiet, protected waters of which they will
remain till next , April Ex-Commodore
J. E. Billings' Nixie has already been
taken up on the "ways," where, shielded
by a canvas cover, she will remain during
the winter. The mast has been taken
out of the sloop Aeolus, as her owners de
sire to do some work upon it during the
: winter. With the Corinthian fleet a few
other boats will pass into the lagoon the'r
I owners taking the opportunity of lavlmr
! their craft up in a place which is protect"
led from the occasional southerly storms
; which create a commotion in Belvedere
i Cove, where, even if a boat remains at
! her moorings, she may be fouled by an-
I other whose moorine chains have dragged
or parted. . o&<="
The attention of Pacific Coast yachts
men is directed to the October issue of
Scribner's Magazine in which will be
found an installment of the late Robert
Louis Stevenson's letters, referring large
ly to his visit to the islands of the South
C m! I? *& kee l sc hooner-yacht Casco,
built by Mears for Dr. S. Merritt. The
Casco was the. largest yacht ever owned
in San Francisco, ; having a length over
all of 94 feet, a draft of 10 feet and being
a seventy-two-tonner.
DOGS ARE IN
TRAINING FOR
BIG STAKES
Nearly Three Hundred Grey
hounds Rnnning in the
Various Parks.
THE supply of greyhound? In this
district in condition to course seems
inexhaustible. At the three' parks
270 dogs are entered this week, while
many well-known ones are in retirement,
being given special preparation for com- j
Ing meetings. The most important of
these are the tenth annual meeting of |
the Interstate Coursing Club at Merced j
and the special stake at Ingleside next '
week, At Merced the winner will receive
$400, runner-up $200, the next two $liX) each
and others in proportion.
The management of Ingleside Coursing
Park has announced the prizes for its
annual meeting, which has heretofore
b< en held on the plains. It will be run
at the park in this city next Saturday
and Sunday. The prizes will be: To the
winner $250, runner-up $150, third $100, two
al $60 each, live at $35, ten at $20 and
tv.< nty at $10. This is on the basis of an
eight y-riog stake.
Sail Mateo Coursing Park will make a
fresh start this afternoon in Its bidding
for public patronage. John Grace Jr. will
resume the duties and responsibilities of
iudge. His friends believe he will acquit
himself creditably, as he is thoroughly
informed as to the requirements of the
position and enjoys the confidence of the
coursing fraternity.
Will Thompson will have two new per
formers on his string next week. One
is King Borderer, of the same litter as
Flora Macdonald, while the other, Little
Fullerton, is a puppy "f the tame breed
ing. They are by Prince Charlie — Prin
cess Fullerton.
J. S. Burfeind received a greyhound
from Australia on tin- last steamer which
on breeding should be a clever dog. lie
Is by Cough Mixture— My Lady. The sire
won the Australian Waterloo twice and
divided once, while the dam won it once
and divided twice. The youngster is nine
months old and weighs 63 pounds.
Krwin & Lyons, the coursing iirm of
Dallas, Tex., sent May Queen, which
divided the American Waterloo with
Kmiu Pasha, to this city under the care
of John llalton. She will run for the
first time on this coast this afternoon at
Union Park. She is drawn against Craig
Boy in the run-down and is picked to
win.
Connell Brothers' St. Helen was nearly
run to death last Sunday. She ran a bye
and the hare, proving a strong one, took
her all over the field. Her owners
worked over her all night in order to
save her.
Emm Pasha and Metallic are to be
mated. As both are in their prime and
have shown themselves possessed of
speed and other qualities required In
greyhounds their progeny should be hard
to beat.
Gus Abercrorr.bie has his stake winner
Rock Island Boy, and his favorite dog'
Rock island King, in the running this
week. The former will endeavor to re
peat his performance of last week, when
he won hrst money for his owner.
George Parkinson, head trainer for the
Lopez Kennels, has his charges in excel
lent condition.. The running of White
head, Pepita and Minneola last week
attested this.
Curtis & Son's Blackette whelped seven
dog puppies recently to H. F. Anderson's
imported dog Crawford Lad.
W. J. Shields' Cliffette has been mated
with Frank Moran's False Flatterer
Douglas Erskine's Lavender is Just such
a favorite among the women at coursing
as the great mare Gerahline when in her
prime on the racetrack.
A hare made good its escape from four
dogs at Ingleside last Saturday, when
Anita and Miss Manila were running It
dashed into Slipper Harry Murray's quar
ters and was saved from its pursuers
On Sunday a hare, closely pressed, leaped
into the arms of a trainer standing in
the field. Both incidents were unusual.
AQUATIC SPORT AT SUTRO'S
The usual programme of aquatic sports
has been prepared by the management of
Sutro Baths for to-morrow. The entries
for the various contests follow:
Fifty-yard dash, novice— W. Wilson, R. Rit
ter. A. Kaufman, W. Fleming:, C. Schilling O
Luwenthal. R. i"ook, F. »al.
Fifty-yard dash, juvenile— W. Smith, O. La
Boaen, J. Wilber. C. Lundln, J. T^ird. E. Min
ter, C. Sullivan, J. Wilson. H. Ktolljes.
One-hundred-yard tub race— E. Beyer, C
Donovan. H. Slelljes. C, Augustus, A. Baudaln
C. Olsen, O. Ehrman. E. 1-leholdt, E. Wells '
Trick and fancy springboard diving — j
O'Brien. E. Peters, W. Wilson. F. Ralston r'
Hiding. R. Cordell. J. Cathcart. A. BagHnatnrl'
H. Hoffman, O. Misner. W. Douglass, L Mc-
Cormic.
Principal Kilpatrick Loses.
Judge Hunt filed an opinion yesterday
in which he denied the application of E
C. Kilpatrick. principal of the Business
Evening School, for a writ of mandate
to compel Auditor Wells to audit his
salary demands. The court says that if
the writ was issued the money would have
to be paid out of funds appropriated to
the expenses of the present year which
under rulings of the Supreme ' Court can
not be done.
OARSMEN SEEM
RELUCTANT TO
CLOSE SEASON
Practice Spins and Socials
Help Keep the Boating
Enthusiasts Together.
THE Ariel Rowing members gavo
their annual entertainment and
dance in Union Square Hall last
Wednesday evening. After the overture
l>y Hynes' orchestra Johnson Hardy made
a few introductory remarks and 'Jeorge
P. Clark rendered comic recitations. Gui
tar and mandolin selections by Harris and
Bailey came next, and were followed by
tenor solos by J. Desmond, who was well
received. Then Mertyn Franklin c<
uted negro songs and dances, and Ashton
Boardman and Joab Parker presented i
Juvenile Cakewalk with much bu
Miss Charlotte Johnson recited, and Vin
cent Kennedy concluded the programme
with an exhibition of wing dancing. The
hall was then cleared and a programme
of thirteen dances was gone through. Tie
floor was under the management of P. J.
Knright, president of the Ariel Rowing
Club, assisted by K. C. Stenberg and a
committee of ten; the reception commit
tee consisted of thirteen, with E. Bailey
as chairman; and the committee of ar
rangements of five members, E. P. Mr-
Donough being chairman. The members
and many friends of the club enjoyed a
pleasant evening.
The entertainment and races that were
to have taken place at the home of the
Dolphin Boating Club to-morrow have
been deferred on account of the death of
one of the members. When the next
meeting of the club is held, a date will h-.'
set for the third race for the diamond
medal, which has been already won twice
by George Baker. If he wins it a third
time it will become his property. Gri
Baker is much disappointed over h:
ure to last the distance in the champion-
Bhip race at El Campo, but he had a heav
ier boat than his competitors and
fast pace to the turn. Papp used the skiff
belonging to the Triton Club, which Id i
light and fast craft, and Dr. Dennis had
a good boat. Baker was somewhat over
rained, and so not capable of his best.
Pape intends to take up shell rowing next
season.
There i*s not much going on round ;he
city boat houses now, but over at Oakland
last Sunday the Alamedas had a barge
I crew out, and several of the members of
i the University of California took some
practice on the creek. S. J. Pembroke
has on two occasions coached a Univer-
I slty boy named Klngman, who was at one
time champion wrestler of the Olympic
! Club. Though he is inexperienced in row
! Ing, he shows great aptitude, and will
! probably develop Into a good sculler.
! The University crew has disbanded, f.
| Waggershauser and Roy Fryer have both
I left college. Kingman will work for a
place In the University four. But rowing
will excite comparatively little interest at
Berkeley until the sport is taken up at
Palo Alto, and there are prospects of an
intercollegiate barge contest. President
Wheeler recently spoke highly of rowing
as an exercise and a sport, and it is to be
hoped his words will produce good effects
in the future.
The Olympic Club directors have under
consideration a plan for acquiring ground
at Alameda and erecting thereon a boat
house, adjacent to which would bo a run
ning and cycling track, lawn tennis courts
and appliances for many outdoor sports.
If this plan is successfully carried cut.
there Is no doubt that rowing will receive
a great impetus, and that the Columbia
Rowing Club and the boating association
of the University of California will tak.<
it up with fresh vigor and interest. The
rowing of the Olympic Club has hitherto
awakened little enthusiasm on account of
{ the inaccessibility of the boat house. The
Olympic Club proposes to have its four
oared shell fitted into the tank at the
club house, so that it can be used for
practice. It is intended to arrange it in
such a way that It will be rigid but capa
ble of being removed when the tank is
wanted for water polo or other aquatic
sports. The blades of the oars will have
holes through which the water may pa^s
when the stroke is pulled, offering enough
resistance to furnish good exercise.
The last of the southern series, young
bird series, of the California Homing
Pigeon Club will be held to-morro-.v. The
first two races were won by pigeons from
the loft of John Filmer. The best aver
age in the three races will determine the
ultimate possession of the trophy, a val
uable silver cup. "
♦v, Th S da i° of the bi -monthly dinner of
the San Francisco Fly Casting Club has
been changed from next Tuesday (Elec
tion day) until the 14th inst. This will be
the medal dinner, trophies won during the
year being distributed among the suc
cessful wielders of the rod. Judge John
liunt, a master of the art will preside.
Here is a chance for an ambitious
yachtsman desirous of trying f'"»r a hand
lome.I ome . U ophy - Messrs. S. Andrews <*c
Son of Pwllheli and Cardiff, in Wales, of
fer a cup valued at $2500 for a first-class
yacht race to be sailed in Cardigan Bay.
\\ ales, next year. The race will be open
:Z, n } com^rs and a good ocean course of
thirty miles will be arranged.HARVEY WILL HAVE
MANY EAGER RIVALS
Eastern Poker Crooks Are Being
Imported to the City.
The Authorities Are Doing Nothing to Pre
vent a Threatened Winter Carnival
of Gambling.
j^y ONSTBRNATION has entered the
I ranks of local gamblers. The pros
i pects of a winter's profits have
I, been shattered by The Call's expose
of the gambling den on Mason
street* Other establishments in dif
ferent parts of the town have been
threatened and the sure-thing fraternity
ip bewailing the publicity of facts which
will seriously Interfere with the scheme
to make San Francisco a wide-open town.
There Is very little question that a detp
lnld and widely ramifying plot has been
laid to throw the city open this winter to
the ramblers. The Eastern contingent
has already ai rived. They have money
and the cleverness of crooks. One of the
race tracks is in operation and the other
will open to-day.
San Francisco is naturally the bead
quarters for the gamblers and never be
fore In its history has the city presented
a more inviting prospect for gamblers. A
good deal of money is in circulation
Scores of unwary miners have come
money laden from the Northern gold
Holds. Thousands of eoldiers represent a
great mass of wealth in the aggregate,
and horsemen would not be here if they
were not ready to spend easily money
easily won. It is very evident, therefore,
that the city presents for the gamesters
ah inviting held.
For some time there has been very little
agitation against the gamblers. They
have been quiet and the police very ac
commodatingly have left them alone. It
was during this spell of apparent Inac
tivity that the scheme to throw the city
open to the gamblers was hatched. Time
and again efforts have been made,
through the support, indorsement and en
couragement of Dan Burns, Mose Gunst
and others, to give the city over to the
gamblers and Eastern crooks. Gunst was
formally accused of doing so and for
awhile the attempt was abandoned, j Now
It has been renewed with more than ordi
nary energy and with more than the
former prospect of success for the men
who would bring crime as an agent of
the law into the city's life.
• It was natural that a man such as Joe
Harvey should take the initiative. He
enjoys the friendship of the police author
ities* particularly of Chief of Police Lees.
The gambling fraternity know Harvey
and it was to bo expected that he would
receive encouragement. The police know
thru Harvey's "club" is organized solely
to cheat the laws and to legalize a crime.
"When the California Club was incorpor
ated and the establishment on Mason
street was opened not even the dull brains
of the. police were ignorant of the fact
that a nest 01 gamblers had been made
and that the unwary of the city were to
red upon.
law, by whose authority the gram
conducttng openly an evil traffic
SI and advantage
l benevolent institutions.
■ . ■ •of the law is observed, its
is flagrantly violated and there is
. • question that the police can
the crimes if they choose to do so.
:;irce of an initiation fee is perhaps
: the worst phases of the whole
-. Through it the gamblers compel
• •ry person who enters their den to gam-
The five dollars which is paid at the
must be wagered, as the gamblers
■ gambling chips in exchange for
r carry the imposition still further
visitor must pay five dollars every
ters 1 he must become
nber of the "club" every night he
' uck the "tiger."
Since Harvey has beerun operations the
gamblers are up in arms*. They
that if the friend of Chief of Police
rtghl to conduct a faro game
B i have they, and they intend to tak.- nd
vantage of the situation. Fred Merker,
who conceived the idea of incorporating
a club, i« one of the many who intend
• a gambling houses for the winter.
': 'Zen out of the Mason
ind when he showed a dis
trouble he waa offered a
■ r mid then a 10 per
Interest in the game. He declined
nn<l proposes now to venture for
himself.
This is but the beginning of what prom
ises to be a. winter carnival of gaming.
The police are thoroughly informed in
the latter, but they have indicated no
denlre or willingness to stop it. Craps,
roulette, faro and percentage poker are.
from present Indications, to be run wide
open. There are games now running at j
the Metropole Club, on Post street, at 215
G^ary street, and nt the cigar stand of J
Henry Harris' on Stockton street-
It may be a matter of interest to the
police to know that two very distin
guished poker-players from the East are
soon to be added to the attractions of
the Harris establishment. These gentle
men have the remarkable faculty of never
losing, and it is said that they are com
ing as direct importations to try conclu
sions with five or ix men who now indi
cate a commendable willingness to lose
their money. The poker Importations are
Viut two of many who are speeding to
San Fran^?co with the hope that nothing
POSTUM CEREAL.
SHE QUIT COFFEE.
And Grot Well in Common Sense Way.
"When I left off roffee it seemed that
wns the thing hardest to drop. I had
been put on a diet for stomach trouble,
had a good appetite but no food would
ptay on my stomach. I was compelled
to l'*fl.r? off one thing after another, but
nc-rer susr^t •"'d coffee; When I decided
to leave off tho coffee, however, my
stomach trouble ceased entirely, also
niy nervtmaness, and i can again pWp
\\"11. 13ut a new trouble then arose.
Hew was I to grt along without my
■ ? It was a great temptation when
I saw It on the table in the morning.
One day a friend who knew of my case
pent me a packngti of Po«tum Cereal
prinr'. After it h.-vl been pre-
j I had grreat misgivings about us-
ing it, for It looked fo much like fine
coffee that I feared it would have the
same effect, but I soon found It to be
free from all injurious properties and
its use has been of great benefit to me.
"I have never had any taste for coffee
since using Postum Cereal Food Coffee.
My children derive great benefit from
usinj? Postum. We all enjoy It very
much, having discarded the old-fash-
ioned coffee entirely." Alice Lawrence,
• n, Mont.
Postum Food Coffee is sold by all
first -class grocers at IB and 23 tents per
package.
will interfere- with their plans to prey
upon the people. What the result will
be remains to be seen. Gambling dens ar«
running: absolutely without molestation
in Chinatown. Harvey has placed the
opening wedge in the district occupied
by white snmWers. Others are preparing
to follow this gambling example. Race
track followers, dishonest sure-thing
gamblers, thieves and crooka are coming
to the city and the authorities are doing
nothing. The winter promises to be a
lively one.
RED CROSS NEEDS.
Appeal to the Public on Account of
Small Funds.
The San Francisco Red Cross Society |
held its regular monthly meeting yester- !
day afternoon, Mrs. John F. Merrill pre- I
Biding. A large number of the local mem- !
hers was present and some Important I
subjects were discussed and acted upon
The treasurer's report was handed in I
and shoved that $2800 in cash Is on hand
The collection of the annual fees is giving j
the ladies much Inconvenience, and they i
request the members to make speedy pay
ment at the Union-square tent in order
to keep up the efficiency of the organiza
tion.
The Red Cross Society wishes to an-
SONG-AND-DANCE LADES
IN A THRILLING MIX-UP
SONG and dnnce ladles from two of the resorts in
the heart of the city mixed things at an early
hmir jresterday morning on the Bidewalk in front
of n. well-known cr.fe on Powell street opposite the
Baldwin ruing. Thrre were few spectators of the
affair, most of the denizens of the vicinity having retired
to avoid the rays of the approaching sun. The fortu
nate few, however, saw a mix-up that they describe as
simply gorgeous.
Miss Maudo Darrell, who vocalizes at the Midway, and
Mfss Dora Mervyn, who warbles at the Olympia. were
the principals. The other ladies who occasionally sing
ditties conveying the information that "They Love to See
Their Poor Ofd Mother Work," battled only as accessories
after the fact.
The whole affair was as brief as it was brilliant. The
moment before it b^gan Miss Darrell was seated in a
hack at the curbstone with a male companion awaiting
the arrival of a waiter from the cafe with th<-> drinks.
Entf-r Miss Mervyn and three female companions from
the cafe, where they had Just been engaged in punching
holes in cheeso sandwiches. Enter, simultaneously,
nounre to the public that men's clothing
for" destitute discharged soldiers is needed
and that all contributions of this charac
ter sent to the Union -aounre tent will be
thankfully received. The committee on
the library requests nil intending con
tributors to send books to room 238,
fourth floor, Phelan building.
The members of the Kod Cross Society
are now making an urgent appeal to the
public, as the funds nre low.
O'Donnell in the Lead.
The general topic in political circles is
the hot race Dr. O'Donnell is making for
Coroner. He is a great favorite and will
receive a handsome majority. His former
eland record as Coroner accounts for the
big boom now In his favor. *
Church of Advent Entertainment.
An exceptional! fine entertainment will
be given next Wednesday night in the
spacious Sunday school room in the
Church of the Advent, on Eleventh street.
heW Market. The affair, which is being
arranged by the congregation, promises to
be both a social and a financial success.
The demand for tickets has been unusu
ally large and a good attendance is as
sured The talent embraces some of the
cleverest artists now performing In the
city.
In the Divorce Court.
G E Pteert has been granted a divorce
from Mary A. Steen on the ground of
The action of Solomon A, Kusel for a
divorce from his wife, Caroline Kusel, on
the ground of desertion is being heard by
Judgo Muraskjr. .  .
Georeo W. Kurnett, who was divorced
from his wife, Lena W. Burnett, some
time ago, is suing to obtain the posses
sion of his daughter, whom he gleges Is
abup^d by her mother. Mrs. Burnett has
riled aft answer denying the allegations.
Suits for divorce have been tiled by Kda
Peterson against Andrew P. Peterson for
cruelty: Mabel L, KimbaJl against John
Kimbnli for desertion, and Aeda N.
Church against David O. Church, Tor de
sertion.
Chas. A. Low, candidate for Police Judge*
Bobbed While Asleep.
Ed White, a f young man whose parents
are well-to-do residents in the Western
Addition; la wanted on a charge pi grand
larceny. Thursday night John Williams*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 4, 1599.
a visitor frpm Oregon, and a friend were
drinking In Anton Messerschmldt's saloon,
442 Stanyan street. Williams, under the
influence of liquor, fell asteep on a chair.
White came into the saloon and noticing
the sleeping stranger quickly put his hand
into Williams' pocket and took MO. Wil
liams' friend and the Baloon-keeper saw
the theft and endeavored to capture
White, who jumped on, an electric car
going toward the city, and escaped.
JUDGE AGAINST POLICEMAN.
Officer C. Peters Arrested at the In
stigation of Judge Treadwell on
-■ a Charge of Battery.
Police, Judge Treadwell and Policeman
C. Peters have not been on friendly terms
since last election. Yesterday morning
Peters was the arresting officer in the
case of N. Pucci, 1141 .. Pacific ctreet,
charged with using vulgar language in
the Judge's court. The arrest was made
Sunday night at Montgomery avenue and
Pacific street. Puccl alleging that prior
to the arrest Peters had insulted >ils wife
and during the arrest had struck him in
the face, making his nose bleed, all of
which Peters strenuously denies.
The Judge yesterday refused to hear
the case for the prosecution against the
protest of acting Prosecuting Attorney
Attrldge and informally heard the state
ment of Dr. J. J. Spottiswoode of Ross
\ alley for the defense. He then de
nounced Peters in open court and ordered
Puccl to 3wear to a complaint for Peters'
arrest on the charge of battery, fixing the
policeman's bonds ir> $1000. After the war
rant had been issued the Judge Bent Word
to Captain Wittman not to serve it till
he made further investigation, but Peters
insisted on being arrested and was booked
on the charge ana Immediately released
on his own recognizance by Judge Con
lan. '■: ,-. g£i9B
ATTORNEY PINTO'S PLAINT.
He Must Either Quit His Home or
Get Rid of His Brothers-in-
Law.
Julian Pinto, attorney at 1538 Market
street, is having considerable trouble with
his wife's relatives. About a year ago
his mother-in-law was arrested for shoot
ing him, but she was acquitted In the Su
perior Court, as Pinto did not press the
charge.
Yesterday Pinto secured a warrant from
Judge Megan for the arrest of his
brother-in-law, Timothy Little, on the
charge of disturbing the peace. Little
was arrested and was released on giving
$20 cash bail.
Pinto complained to the Judge that he
was compelled to support his three
brothers-in-law, who conspired to induce
his wife to join in their hilarious gather
ings in the housa for the purpose of an
noying him. Whenever he protested they
wniter from cafe with two beers for Miss Darrell and
escort. Fur pome reason, as it afterward turned out,
.Miss Darrell had been "lamping" for Miss Mervyn. No
r did sh' 1 clap eyes on that lady than she said
something sharp. The Olympia warbler pricked up her
ears and advanced to resent the Insult. She received
another. Miss Darrell, unmindful of thirst, deliberately
threw one beer, glass and all, at the advancing song
si ross. Of course her aim was bad. Some of the beer
doused Miss Mervyn, but much of it reached the other
ladles. Then there was trouble. Female screams mingled
with the crashing of breaking hack windows. Hair was
pulled, clothing was rent, millinery was torn to tatters,
faces were scratched and eyes were bunged up and lan
guage was used strong enough to break the Sabbath be
fore the attaches of the cafe could separate the belliger
ents and get them out of sight ere the arrival of the
police. Beyond injured feelings and a discolored eye
here and there the damage was slight. Last night at
their respective places of employment both sinners sang
their sweetest, no note in their voices betraying the re
venge swelling thf ir hearts.
attacked him and ho had now two alter
natives staring him in the face, either to
leave the house entirely or get rid If
| his brothers-in-law.
— — ~+~. .
Sherwood Case to Be Appealed.
Superior Judge Beawell gave judgment
yesterday morning in faVQr of the credit
ors of Henry Hamilton Sherwood in an
action to set aside a deed of conveyance
whereby Harry Sherwood transferred his
interest in the Sherwood estate to his
brother, A\i!llam Sherwood, a f«w mnrrtns
before filing a petition in insolvency.
Judge Seawell found that the transfer
was without legal consideration and was
therefore void. The creditors will in con
sccjuence recover their demands under the
ruling. The case will be carried to the
Supreme Court.
Lectured on Our War With Spain.
George C. Kir.?:, a member of Colonel
Roosevelt's Rough Riders, delivered a lec
ture last evening: at Techau'a Auditorium
on "Our War With Spain,'' The lecture
was illustrated by numerous .stereopticon
views taken by the lecturer while he was
with, the Rough Riders during the Cuban
campaign. The lecture was given under
the auspices of San Francisco Hospitlum
No. 1, Bohemians of America. A musical
programme followed the address of Mr
King.
Leo Assembly Jinks.
A high Jinks was held by the members
of Leo Assembly NTo. 4. Y. M. C. 1., at
Loyola Hall last Thursday night. Re
freshments were served and an enjoyable
time was had by all present The follow
ing members contributed to the evening's
enjoyment by their singing and came in
for considerable well-meriied applause:
Thomas Eliggins, T. E. McCarthy, .1. T.
Burns, Mr. O'ROrke, Mr. McAuliff and
others. An oration was given by the
president of the assembly, Thomas Mc-
Gulre, who spoke of the services rendered
by the sisters as nurses in our recent war
with Spain.
All Souls' Day.
In commemoration of All Souls' day ser
vices will be held to-morrow afternoon at
8 o'clock, under the auspices of the Cal
varian Society at £t. . J&ary'a Cathedral,
These will consist of "The Way of the-
Cross," 3. discourse by \ac. director; Rev,
C. A. Ranim, and benediction with the
blessed sacramen* 1 ■•■„; 
RED RUBBER STAMPS
FOR PHELAN VOTERS
Rainey Plans Campaign of Dol
lars to Close Mayor's Fight.
Contracts With a Local Firm for Stamps
Which Wiil Serve to Identify His
Purchased Partisans.-
ON Thursday of the present week
The Call received Information
from a source which it never had
reason to doubt that the disrep
utable gang with which James D.
Phelan has associated himself In the
present campaign had sounded the signal
for the opening of the sack and were
planning a wholesale cash purchase of all
of those good Democratic votes which the
Phelan-Rainey influence could not swing
Into line. Close in touch as The Call has
kept with the course of Mr. Phelan and
his allies through the present campaign,
it has expected nothing more than the
misrepresentations and personal abuse
which have characterized the dally
mouthlngs of the oratorical timber of the
Phelan supporters. That the henchmen
of the Mayor would under existing cir
cumstances care or dare to attempt to
defeat the letter and spirit of the Aus
tralian ballot act by the use of money
copiously spent was not at first credited,
notwithstanding the excellence and infal
libility of The Call's authority. Of a con
sequence, a searching inquiry was at once
begun, amd of the mass of evidence gath
ered there is everything to prove and
nothing to disprove the allegations first
made. That the Bush-street adherents
of Mayor Phelan have planned a "dollar
Hmit" campnign among the hundreds of
touts and hirelings who place a meal
ticket as the maximum price of their
support Is beyond the peradventure of a
doubt That the heads <>f the Democratic?
ticket have pooled their issues and re
sources Is equally evident.
The plan as outlined— and later proved—
contemplated no restoration of the good
old times when those who followed In the
wakes of the bosses voted early and often
and got their price every time they did it.
Each man was to have the price of his
vote, but he was to vote hut once. That
once, however, he was to cast the ballot
he was paid for, and would be supplied
before he entered the booth with th<>
rubber stamps to mark It, and would be
closely watched, until he had dune so.
The virtue of the scheme lay in the
stamp. Notwithstanding the city pro-
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Stimulant
■ J^t^fo. household
jf^^«^^^^^\ should have at
Nss^llll^llp/^ by the timely use
Duffy Pure Malt Whiskey
The chill in the night, the sudden weak-
ness, the .discovery that you have taken
cold, all are emergencies where prompt
use of Duffy's Pure Malt Whiskey will be of
the greatest benefit. How common these
occurrences ! Then keep Duffy's Pure Malt
Whiskey in the house for emergencies.
Government stamp mvks the genuine. Dnieeists usually
sell It; If yours does not, a bottle will be sent you. Drecalct
for fi; six for {5. Write for Interesting book. .
DUFFY MALT WHISKEY CO., Rochester, N. Y.
I vldes a marker with every voting booth,
1 Mr. Ralney went the city on© better and
I contracted for a lot that would mark an
! ordinary Btralght Democratic ticket In
j le6s than one-third the time It takea with
[ the ordinary stamp. One Impression of
; Mr. Rainey's Invention, In fact, would
I leave crosses nicely placed opposite the
names of all of the. candidates nt the head
of the Phelan ticket. Under his scheme
a mistake in marking was Impossible, but
It served a better purpose still, In that It
made possible the system of espionage
over purchased voters that had been
j planned by the gang. On the day of elec
tion the hirelings were to report In Incon
spicuous bunches to one or another of
! the lieutenants of the Bush street boss,
who were to be stationed at the booths
of the different precincts. There they
would be provided with Mr. Rainey's
combination stamp and sent behind the
curtain. If it took them an unduo time
to mark their ballot Rainey's henchman
on the outside would know at onco that
his man had not kept faith with his mas
ters and the combination would save the
Price at the cost of a vote.
Mr. Rainey's little ready marker, how
ever, made no provision for Supervisors
or Police Judges. The little fellows on
the ticket were left to shift for them
selves; the pooled resources of the com
bination were to be spent solely upon
themselves, and the purchased tout v\is
left at liberty to vote for the others or
not, as he liked That this fact was so
and that many others are equally true
was again demonstrated yesterday by a
visit to the red rubber stamp factory of
Moise & Klinkner, at 820 Sansome street.
A Call representative called at that estab
lishment yesterday afternoon to open
negotiations for a thousand or so of the
stamps as they had been described, and
after a simple description, which preceded
j a half hour's conversation with the oblig
ing head of the department, that official
came out with the startling information
that he knew Just what was wanted.
"We make them every year for the
gang," said he, "and have turned cut
another bunch lately. I'll show you
one." And diving into the workroom in
the rear he reappeared in a moment with
a stamp identical with that first bhown
The CalL
"Anybody can stamp a ticket with one
of these," he continued, "and stamp It
the way you want him to." Ami by way
of illustration he blocked out a line of
! little red crossesopposlte the names at the
; head of the Democratic column on the
1 sample ballot that was handed him in as
i little time as It takes to vote the head of
! the ticket with the ordinary honest
j stamp.
"We sell those at 10 cents each in thou
; sand lots," continued he "or for liy* cents
ton live hundred. I did not think" there
j would be any further call for them this
| s^fsion, but I ffuesa we can get out an
, other thousand for you by Monday noon."
Whether Rainey's little marker and the
j cash that goes with it will prove potent
on election day depends upon the value
of publicity. At uny rate the Registrar
has been for some days informed of the
scheme, and Mr. Steppacher Is not stand-
Ing for any infraction of the election laws
when he can help it.
The Cotillion Club of '09 held Its second
assembly and german last evening at
j Sherman & Clay's Hall. The attendance
; was large and the gowns of the ladies
i particularly attractive. The german was
! led by Robert Schord, who introduced a
| couple of very pretty ilgures. Those in
j the first .'ets were:
I 1. ItnsseU B. Howe and Miss Hattie
Crockett. 2. Bruce Large and Miss Ray
! Landecker. 3 J*^ph P. Lavin and Miss
I Ida Alleson. 4. Bernard P. Gleason iind
Miss Daisy l'al,et. o. Robert E. Gleason
itnd Mi.«s Irene Schord. 6. William Schord
and Miss Mabel Larson. 7. Peel A Young
and Miss Lucie Pohlmnn. 8. James Hal*
I and Misa Laura Werner. 9. Harry Levy
and Miss Maud Mulville. 10. Ralph Drum
mond and Mlhs Helen Hnlloweil. 11 Phllin
i Heuor and Mips Daisy Emerson 12
Charles' M. Wells and Miss Carrie Foul
ton. 13. Robert Marshall anil Miss Marie
Thorpe. 14. Louis Forncr and Miss Jean
£ ro .V, c tI 5 ' Frnnk c - Sykes and Miss
Hattie S. Evans.
JUSTIFIABLE HOMICIDE.
Saloon-Keeper Dodge Acted in Self- !
Defense When He Shot
Sailor Hall.
Evidence taken yesterday at the Coro
ner's inquest upon the body of Charles
Hall, who was shot and killed last Tuts- I
day night by C. R. Dodge in the latter s j
saloon. No. 214 Fifth avenue, South San '
i Francisco, convinced the jury that old '
1 man Dodge had fired the shot In self-d»
--; fense. They found a verdict accordingly
j that the homicide was justifiable.
The deceased, as well as his eight com
panions, were members of the crew of the
Steamer Hancock. They had several
rounds of drinks in the saloon, and a dis
pute arose between Dodge and the men
regarding the payment of a round or
dered by one of the sailors named Marr
Dodge refused to serve any more liquor
and the gang attacked Dodge and his son
i The son was knocked down with a chair
by one of the men. and both father and
I son were roughly handled and beaten by
the sang.
Thomas Grant, one of the witnesses ad
-1 mitted that he had struck old man Dodge
j a "soft blow" in the body, to defend hirn
i self from an attack of the old m.-in
; Jamieson, another of the crew, was read
ing a newspaper at the counter, and when
the quarrel began he laid down the paper
and struck C. H. Dodge and his son.
"All the buys from the ship took a hard
iln the right and were striking DodVe
! Young Dodge, was knocked down," con
tinued Grant, "Jnmieson and I were the
I last to leave the saloon before the two
phots were tired. Hall, the'deceased was!
in the tight also, and I could not swear I
positively that he did not strike Dodge "
LITTLE LIFE CRUSHED OUT.
Andrew Bohde a Victim of the Elec-
tion-Card Fad.
Andrew B. Roh.le, a lad of bJx years,
residing with his parents at 1001 Silver
avenue, was run over by a hay wagon
and instantly killed last evening: The ac
cident happened at the corner of Silver
avenue aucl San Bruno road.
Young Rohde, with several other com
p&nions, was plnying in the street and
: calliner to the occupants of passing ye
: hides for election cards. They sighted a
I buggy near the cross roads and called to
its driver for tho coveted cards. The
I driver tossed a number out of the buggy
I on the side opposite the boys.
Young Rohde made a rush for the mid
dle of the street after the buggy had
passed and, in his excitement, failed to
notice the approach of a large Hay wagon.
Before he could get out of the way the
wagon was upon him, its wheels passing
over his chest, crushing his breast hor
f Willing hands lifted the little form from
the street, but life was extinct. The
driver Of the w&Kon. I,udwig: Riissi, is
in the employ of the Del Monte dairy and
was placed under arrest. He was charged
with manslaughter at the Central Police
Station
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
CONCLUSION OF MRS, CAMPBELL'S STUDIES.
Copyright, 1899, by Ssymour Eaton.
HO/V\E SCIENCE MIND HOUSEHOLD ECONOMY.
Contributors to this course: Mrs. Hel^n Campbell, Mrs. Margaret E. Sangster. Mrs.
Kate Gannett Wells, Mrs. Louise E. Hogan, Miss Anna Barrows, Mrs. Mary Roberts
Smith, Miss Emily G. Baloh, Miss Lucy Wheelock and others.
IV. THE HOME FURNISHING.
Decoration necessarily precedes fur
nishing, but the underlying laws of both
nre practically the same. The woman
who can make a nerfect scheme of deco
ration for each room Is not in the lffi-'t
likely to blunder when she buys the fur
niture for it. The difficulty will be to find
in any manufactory the thing she has
learned to desire. In any buying, how
ever, what we get has to be modified by
many considerations. The mother of a
family of*growing boys, for instance, does
not lay in a stock of spider-legged tables
and Insect chairs— those things that creak
when we sit down and fall over when we
get up.
Here, as elsewhere, in our education,
we have to contend with inherited half
sight, as it were. That is, a thing may
seem beautiful that on consideration we
know not to be. Our national taste Is Im
proving, but is not yet perfected and we
need much honest study before we can
recognize at once what makes beauty.
That a given object conveys pleasure to
the eye is not a safe rule, yet we have our
excuse since the African admires abnorm
ally fat women, the Chinese prefer de
formed feet and civilized races deformed
waists. What we want and must learn
to demand from the maker are grace and
power in the lines of the thing made, fine
material, perfect finish and true decora
tion. And not one of these things is to
interfere at any point with the comfort
able use of the article in question.
What Not to Do.
The background for all furniture comes
under the head of decoration, and th?n
follow three other points— the size of the
room in which the object is to be placed,
the purpose of the room, and the object
or use of the articles themselves. With
these are included the nature of the ma
terials to be used, mineral, animal or
vegetable, and their relative lasting qual
ity or destructibility. With this thought
in mind and its points really settled, the
young housekeeper !s not likely to experi
ment with soap boxes and barrels, follow
ing popular directions for making all the
furniture at home. To a certain extent,
in summer furnishing of seaside cottages,
this is not impossible. But there was an
era of cheesecloth and red flannel; the
first used for curtains, the second for
covers to soap boxes and for barrel chairs,
etc., which meant a few days of effective
ness and a long space for repentance. It
is hardly likely to come again. The
hygienic bedroom, for instance, banished
at once all draperies and the many dust
collecting arrangements we have come to
think of as essential. But the money
spent on these can well enter into better
linish, a finer order of plumbing, etc. And
there is a whole system of ornament that
the slightest gain in real knowledge of art
in furnishing banishes forever. With
this knowledge a common possession, we
shall not be likely to see any more minia
ture coal scuttles doing duty as salt cel
lars, or wheelbarrows and slippers hold
ing flower . This applies also to the In
numerable Christmas productions, tawdry
bits of glass and china and metal, cheaper
year by year, and destructive to any real
art sense. "Now nothing made by man's
hand can be indifferent, but must be either
beautiful and elevating or ugly and de
grading." This was William Morris' sum
mary of the matter, and to remember this
in buying will help us all.
Construction and Its Meaning.
To illustrate this we may take the con
struction of a perfect chair. And to fix
the idea of what "perfect" may stand for
we may better turn to Ruskin's definition
of ornament in either decoration or fur
nishing. "The true form of conventional
ornament consists in bestowing as much
beauty on the object as shall be consis
tent with its material, its place and its
office." Beauty and poor construction are
incompatible, and thus we are forced to
judge our chair by a new standard. Each
part of it should be as thoroughly united
to the next as if it had grown in its place.
The Greeks and Romans understood this,
and their chairs in the British Museum
are as perfect as if made yesterday. This
means well-seasoned wood, exactly cut
tenons and mortises, very hot glue of the
best quality and the right degree of pres.
sure in putting them together. Lightness
for ease in handling is another essential.
If carving is employed it should be abso
lutely subordinate to the outline and the
comfort of the sitter. The dress must not
be interfered with nor must there be
chance of breakage from exposed orna
ments or too salient points. These laws
apply equally to couches, beds and tables,
and fortunately furniture manufacturers
are learning them, in degree, at least.
Children's Furniture.
With our habit of thinking of the child
as a miniature man or woman, it seMom
occurs to us to provide any special furni
ture after the days of the high chair nnd
cradle are over. Yet the child whom we
perpetually warn off the ground of our
own possessions is purely entitled to his
own. We are very apt to turn our houses
into museums and are astonished that the
child does damage in them. For this rea
son, If no other, it would be well to In
sure the child his own place, and It is now
quite possible to provide for him the fur
niture made especially for children's use,
from the little enameled beds in iron or
brasß— the most rational form of bed— to
the small bureaus, tables, chairs and
other fittings that go with them.
The Sum of the Whole Matter.
TJ?ts of the absolutely necessary arti
cles at furniture for a small house or riat
are now kept by many furniture dealers
and are also found in household maga
zines and newspapers which have a de
partment of the home. The type of fur
nishing must vary with the purse, but the
simplest home, if taste and understanding
have worked together, can carry an at
mosphere of repose and harmony that is
the most essential feature of the home.
For any house, great or small, we want
beds that are not too finely decorated to
lie upon; chairs that are not too frail to
sit on; tables that are not too shaky and
uncertain for comfortable writing or
drawing. All over-ornamentation must
be' put away. In our own private rooms,
usually a bedroom for each, we may work
our will, though even here, as before
mentioned, hygiene has already set the
limits of adornment. But the family
room should mean full and comfortable
working space, and Morris long ago, in
his "Lectures on Art," laid down the law
which, with modifications here and there,
Is still worth obeying:
"What the sitting-room of a healthy
person should hold is. first, a bookcase
with a great many books In it; next, a
table that will keep steady when you
write or work at it; then several chairs
that you can move and a couch that you
can sit or lie upon; next a cupboard with
drawers; next, unless the (jupboard or
bookcase be very beautiful with painting
or carving, you will want pictures or en
gravings such as you can afford— only not
stop-gaps, but real works of art on the
wall— or else the -wall Itself must be or
namented with some beautiful, restful
pattern; we shall also want a vase or two,
to put floweps in, which latter you must
have sometimes, especially if you live in
a town; Then there will be the fireplace,
of course, which In our climate is bound
to be the chief object in the room. That
is all we shall want, especially if the floor
be good; if it be not. as. by the way in a
modern house it is pretty certain not to
be. I admit that a small carpet which can
be bundled cut of the room in two min
utes will be useful, and we must also
take care that it is beautiful or it will
annoy us terribly."
Denver, Colo.
THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN" A.
HOUSE AND A HOME.
The building of a house is of no conse
quence whatever, but the building of a
home is something to be thought of-*
thoroughly discussed and planned for a
long time. The building of homes on
paper, for at least one year before at
tempting to develop them in more lasting
material, Is recommended. These homes
have splendid qualities— there are no
mason's or carpenter's contracts to be
made, no plumber's bill to be vexed over,
the furnace never smokes nor the water
pipes freeze. If you have regrets over the
mistakes of your plan they are easily re
modeled, and with practice you are get
ting many valuable ideas as to the possi
bilities of the modernly constructed
American home. It goes without saying
that the best plan is to know as nearly
as possible the cost of the house one can
afford to build and the real needs of those
who are to occupy it.
Having chosen a healthful location and
looked wen to the drainage and immedi
ate surroundings, the first thing to be
considered is our variable climate. ■ Here
is thf> first dilemma. We go from "Green
land's icy mountains to India's coral
strand" every twvlve months, and it
really is a desperate matter to build one
small house so as to be perfectly com
fortable during each extreme. Fortun
ately, the thick walls, which keep out the
cold, also keep out the heat, and it will
not be many years before some long
suffering woman will design windows
which will keep out the dust as well.
An ideal home for the average family of
five will cluster round a center chimney.
There will be a generous reception room
with an open fireplace, an oaken stairway
that will represent both beauty and ease,
whose steps shall have only a four-inch,
lift and a ten-inch tread, with a landing
at each four feet of rise, on which shall
be a broad cushioned seat. The library,
living-room and chambers will be on .ha
south, the dining-room back of the recep
tion-room. Beyond the dining-room will
be a domestic laboratory, two sides of
glass, answering the double purpose of
iight and ventilation, for in this model
home domestic science will he understood,
and the room where the food is ; repared.
will be carefully ventilated and chemically
clean, as air, either pure or impure, is
beaten or cooked into all the food a fam
ily consumes.
The bathroom will be fitted with the
most approved sanitary plumoing and
supplied with soft water, the woodwork
the best of its kind, perfectly plain, with
out groove or joint, to catch the dust and
breed disease germs. In fact, this ideal
home will be severely plain and simple
both as to finish and furnishing.
There will be hardwood floors and an
abundance of closets and storerooms,
which will have windows for ventilation
as well as for light. Porches and piazzas
wherever possible. Then, believing with.
Samantha Allen, "you may build a fine
house and put people of the same namo
to live in it, but if love don't board with
them they'd be as well off with a stump
and an umbrella," I'd furnish this model
home, along with its built-in hall and win
dow seats, its book shelves and sideboard
recesses, its china closets and dining-room
cabinets, with an ocean of love for w.j
another, which would create che t'-ua
home atmosphere.
The importance of the home In the
scheme of civilization never received so
much attention as it does to-day, and
every beautifully designed house helps
along toward the higher plane of living
for which we are all striving.
Omaha, Nebr.
Bibliography.
Mrs. Campbell recommends the follow
ing books as suitable for students of eo
mestic science: Mrs. Plunkett's "Women
Plumbers and Doctors," W. P. Gerhard's
"Sanitary Engineering," S. W. Parson's
"Landscape Gardening," Ger^ase Whee
ler's "Rural Homes," Eggleston's "Vil
lages and Village Life." Clarence Cook's
"The House Beautiful." Wllham Morris'
"Lectures on Art," Wharton and Ood
man's "Decoration of Houses," Lttcn
field'B "History of Furniture,' 1 Maria Par
loa's "The Ideal Kitchen."
Note— Papers by Mrs. Mary Roberts
Smith of Leland Stanford University will
be presented next week.
COUBSES OF INSTRUCTION
Autumn-Winter Term, 1899-1900.
Mondays and Thursdays: Popular
Studies in Shakespeare.
Tuesdays: The World's Great Ar
tists.
Wednesdays: Desk Studies for
Girls, and Shop and Trade Studies for
Boys.
Fridays: Great American States
men.
Saturdays: Home Science and
Household Economy.
These courses will continue until
January 31, 1900. Examinations will
be held at their close as a basis for
the granting of certificates.
FEDERAL GRAND JURY.
Investigation of Charges Against
Loupe and JOillard Indefinitely
Postponed.
The United States Grand Jury filed yes
terday its final report with Tnfted States
District Judge de Haven. One indictment
was found and placed on the secret file,
and the charges against Louis Loupe, px-
Deputy Collector of Internal Revenue,
and William H. Dillard, clerk in the office
of Internal Revenue Collector Lynch,
were on September 29 of this year, in
definitely postponed.
The charges were of complicity with ex-
Internal Revenue Collector Welburn. Th«
jury was discharged.
The Southern Pacific Sued.
Arthur C. Brentner has filed a sutt In
the Ignited States Circuit Court of Log
Angeles ngair.st the Southern Paclflo
Company to recover J25.36S 75 damages al
leged to have been sustained by him by
reason of the loss of his wife Iva, who
was run over by a train on August llth
of this year and died three days later.
The accident is alleged to have occurred
in San Pedro, Los Angeles County.
910
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Oil marked up I-2C.
New prices for Candles announced.
Rice shows a number of changes.
Wheat lower on call but unchanged on the spot.
Shorts filling December Barley contracts.
Oats and Rye firm, but quiet. Corn still dull.
Hay firm at the recent advance. Feedstuff s unchanged.
Beans still unchanged, with moderate sales.
Silz-er a fraction tinner. Sterling Exchange slightly lower.
Heavy business in securities on the Bond Exchange. .
Provisions as previously quoted.
Hogs in ample supply for all current needs.
Potatoes and Vegetables unchanged.
Butter continues to decline. Eggs zveak, but no lower.
' Scattering lots of Oranges, coming in.
Lemons weak under liberal stocks. Limes steady and unchanged.
Wine Grapes rotten and moldy and hard to sell.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins show no change.
Eight cars of Eastern Poultry in thus, far this week.
Game continues to bring good prices under moderate receipts.
Charters
The J. B. Leeds loads lumber at Grays Har
tor for Santa Rosalia; Olga, redwood at Eu
reka for Sydney.
Receipts of Coal.
Receipts of Coal at this port during the first
ten months of the year amount to 1,206,680
tons against 1 221.000 tons during the same time
last year, the leadint? receipts being 511,700
tons from PuKet Sound, 127.457 from Australia
and 352,1>70 rom British Columbia,
Weather Report.
fl2oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 3, 1899, 5 p. m.
The following are the rainfalls for the past 24
hours and seasonal rainfalls to date, as com
pared with those of the same date last season:
Past 24 This Last
Stations — hours, season, season.
Eureka Ll6 7.11 J. 99
Re.i Bluff Trace 3.04 O.SI
Sacramento «-00 4.44 1.00
S:in Francisco 0.00 3.92 1.92
Fresno 0.00 2.0S 1.15
Independence 0.00 0.37 "'1
Ban Luis Oblspo 0.00 4.92 0.69
X..s AIHTcU-s 0.00 1.57 O.IS
San DlegO O.OT 0.42 n.07
yumn. 0.00 COS CIS
San Francisco <lata: Maximum temperature,
W ilogrees; minimum. E0; mean, r.5.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure- has fallen slowly along the Pa
cific Cuast, and a Southeast stnrm has made its
a££iearance off the Washington Ist. At the
mouth of the Columbia River •he wind is blow-
In*,- from the southeast, and rain has fallen
en the coast from Point Reyes northward. At
Eureka a rainfall of 1.16 inches 1s reported
during the past ten h.jurn. Rain has fallen from
tho northern end of the • intent 1 Valley to
fettle.
The temperature has remained nearly station
ary west of the Rooky Mountains.
Forecast made nt S.in Francisco for thirty
ri^urs en.lir.tr midnight. November 4:
For Northern California— Rain Saturday;
fresh southeasterly win.is.
For Southern California— C].\fly Saturday,
•with khowera in the mountains; fresh south
easterly win. Is.
For Nevada— Cloudy Saturday, with rain in
the western portion in the afternoon.
For Utah— Ooudy Saturday.
For Arizona— Cloudy Saturday,
i For San Franc and vicinity Satur
day; fresh southeasterly winds.
ALEXANDER ■; McADIE.
Forecast official.
EASTERN MARKETS
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. 3.— The opening dealings
In the stock market were very animated and
the course of prices was -'•■:■'•.:
activity by thp various pools was apparent in
the stocks which have ailvanced within the
last few days. Heavy realizing was in evi
dence at a very early period in the trading
ami the snap was soon taken out of the up
ward movement. The volume of the Felling;
was much reduced below the best prices, but
the demand also fell off and support seemed
to be withdrawn from the manipulators"
ppecialties. The course of prices was generally
downward for the rest of the day. One or
two efforts were made to check the decline,
but without great effect. Th" bears made no
great demonstration until the final hour, when
prices touched the low point of the day. Cov
'erlng by the shorts rallied prices, but they
■were not well held and the closing was rather
heavy and dull. The general level of prices
is lower on the day, but there are a few ex
ceptions. United States Leather continued a
conspicuous figure in the speculation and was
rushed up an extreme 5Vt points to 2i% and
clpsed % below that. The preferred stock
parted company with its Junior after a rise
of nearly a point, and was decidedly weak for
the rest of the day, declining an extreme 3%,
■with a final rally of %. Dealings In Southern
Pacific continued on a very large scale., but
the stock at no time rose more than •*** above
last nicht's level. .Sugar dropped a point, ral
lied 2 and fill again below last night's level,
ilunhattan, on the contrary, rose a point, but
fell again (■> 111 and rallied but teebly. Mand
ard Hope opened up ?* and then turned down
ward an extreme 2-V Brooklyn Transit also
developed weakness early in the day and went
below SS at one time. In the lirst live min
utes of trading over 11,000 shares of Chesa
peake and Ohio came on the market with only
a slight impression on the price. These ex
amples indicate the prevalent disposition to
take profits for the long account. The ma
jority of railroad stocks were singularly neg
lected with the exception of some early de
mand for the Southwest which gave way
in the late weakness. During the first two
hours of trading there were but two transac
tions recorded in .St. Paul. There was BOUM
■ellln ■ for London account, but It was well
absorbed during the early period of strength
In this market. The reactionary tendency was
tin- to the growing apprehension of un un
favorable bank statement to-morrow. Money
was not stringent, but was firm at 6 to <- per
cent. The banks have lost on sub-treasury
operations some $2,081,000 after allowing for
receipts of $1,000,00 in gold and Government
interest payments and Including $3W,000 de
posited at the sub-treasury for transfer to the
interior. According to statements compiled by
the leading banks they have made net ship
ments to the Interior by express of nearly
$2,000,000. This would indicate a net loss to
the best banks in cash of over M. 900,000. The
clearing-house institutions ha ■ ■■ called loans
on a large scale during the week, so that this
loss in cash is offset, in part at least. Last
Saturday's statement was believed tt have
made a more favorable showing than was
warranted by the actual condition of the banks
and the vagaries of the average f-ystim may
throw some of the unfavorable factors oxer
Into this week's statement.
IloYids, after some early signs of strength,
yielded In sympathy with stocks. Total sales,
par value. $2.300,°Q0.
United States 2s advanced H. the Js V t and
the new 4s * in the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Fhares Closing
Sold Stocks— Bid.
4.100 Atchlson : 22*
8 925 Atchlson prefd Ct>%
700 Baltimore .v Ohio 52%
Canadian Pacific 95
l -. Canada Southern . 53
20 175 Chesapeake & Ohio 2SV4
5*250 Chicago Great -Western.... 14%
•• ,-.o Chicago Burlington & Quincy.... W=t
Chicago Ind & Louisville 11%
!....! Chicago tod A Louisville prefd 43
'"io6 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 95J4
Chicago A Northwestern .......liD^
1.475 Chicago Rock" Inland & Pacific 11..V*
OS C C,C & St Louis 60%
3.670 Colorado Southern . -•• oji
Colorado Southern Ist prefd 4<'4
100 Colorado Southern Zd prefd li
2.000 Delaware & Hudson ;«%
Delaware La<* & Western 1»1
300 Denver & Rio Grande : 21 7
3,6f.0 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 16 »
Eric- ......;. IIVi
11.111! Erie ut preM «<?«
300 Great Northern prefd • *'♦
100 Hocking Coal •••• 17^»
■■
Hocking Valley 32% :
1,131 Illinois Central ....: 115*4
ii.Ha Central 14
220 lowa central prefd 69%
1.425 Kansas City Pittaburg & Gulf 9 1 * j
Lake Erie & Western 18%
625 Lake Erie &. "Western prvfd 80
Lake Shore 198
3.345 Louisville & Nashville 87%
20,650 Manhattan L Ill *
2,295 Metropolitan, Street Railway 197 <
670 Mexican Central 13%
200 Minneapolis & St Louis 71' 4
l'.O Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 05
12.360 Missouri Pacific 49%
Mobile & Ohio 46
100 Missouri Kansas & Texas 12%
j 6.100 Missouri Kansas * Texas prefd 40% >
2,163 New Jersey Central 124 l A
1.465 New York Central 137%
4,625 Norfolk .v Western 27 1 4
1.6. r io Norfolk a.- Western prefd "1%
1,400 Northern Pacific 54 1 j
1,070 Northern Pacific prefd 76>4
5,225 Ontario & Western 26Vb
Oregon Railway & Nay 42
Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 76
660 Pennsylvania 130%
600 Reading 21V*
6,310 Reading Ist prefd Cl
100 Reading 2d prefd 33
Rio Grande Western 86J&
150 Rio Grande Western prefd M : 4
100 St Louis & San Fran 11
201 St Louis & San Fran Ist prefd 71
300 St Louis & San Fran 24 prefd 37 l i
440 St Louis Southwestern 12%
2,o<v» St Louis Southwestern prefd 31%
I.SOO St Paul 120
St Paul prefd, m
2'X> St Paul A.- Omaha 121
122,795 Southern l'aclfic 4074
5.000 Soin m Railway 13»
4.237 Southern Railway prefd fuVj !
1.04S Texas & Pacific l?\ i
5,200 Union Pacific i7j
2,435 Union Pacific prefd 76"i
650 Wabash fey,
775 Wabaeh prof,! 23
5,667 Wheeling & Lake Erie 12
2.490 Wheeling A Lake Erie 2.1 prefd 31
3.557 Wisconsin Central 20V»
Express Companies—
Adams 114
American 14s
United States 50
100 Wells Fargo 130
Miscellaneous
1,250 American Cotton Oil 451^
American Cotton Oil prefd 95^
760 American Malting 12"
100 American Malting prefd.. l 4tiU
260 Am Smelting & Refining 35»i
1.455 Am .Smelting & Refining prefd S7>*
100 American Spirits 5
American Spirits prefd 17V4 '
700 American Steel Hoop 42 1 *
110 American Steel Hoop prefd S2W
9,712 American Steel & Wire 47~
63$ American Steel & Wire prefd 934
1,675 American Tin Plate 334
151 American Tin Plate prefd si
5.0C4 American Tobacco 1224 I
American Tobacco prefd 144
6.525 Anacorda Mining Co 47%
44.335 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 89
2.910 Colorado Fuel & Iron 5574
S,o:t> Continental Tobacco 42* 4
2.460 Continental Tobacco prefd 93
10.520 Federal Steel 55%
1.470 Federal Steel prefd si'
300 General Electric l"l l
-220 Glucose Sugar 51 '*
... Glucose Sugar prefd 99 '
.■ International Paper 26*, '
300 International Paper prefd 71
Laclede Gas 77:,
625 National Biscuit 40%
National Biscuit prefd ;.. 90
42.1 National Lead 28%
«XI National Lead prefd 107U
200 National Steel 4RU
1,075 National Steel prefd 931
--275 New York Air Brake I4n "
1,220 North American 13
Pacific Coast 62%
Pacific Coast Ist prefd ss
100 Pacific Coast 2.1 prefd 67%
"00 Pacific Mail 40
4.745 People's Gas 1151;
100 Pressed Bteel Car --. .
112 Pressed Steel Car prefd 8914
145 Pullman Palace Car 19'
11,055 Standard Rope & Twine . 13
29,350 Susrar ■ 166% j
Sugar prefd ; 11714
Si9oo Tennessee Coal & Iron usii ;
145,675 United States Leather 3914
25.158 United States Leather prefa 81 '
410 United States Rubber 454
171 United States Rubber prefd 112 i
610 "Western Union <;v-v
2.200- Republic Iron & Steel 24};
392 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 6S>4
P C C & St Louis 74
635,700 Total sales.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s reg 101 M X & T 2.1s 71%
U 3 Si reg 10S MX& T4s to
U8 3s coup 108 N y Central 15t5..112«
U S new 4s reg... N V Cent gen 55... 119% :
: U S new 4s c0up.. 129% N Carolina 65.... 127 "
I' S old 4s re*.... 111% N Carolina 4s 104
V S fid 4* coup...H2</i N Pacific lsts 113
'' S f.s re E 110% N Pacific 3s 66%
US 5s coup 110%;N Pacific 45... 102%
1) Columbia 3. C05.. 117 N T C & St L 4s 106
Alabama class A..11-S iN & W con 4s v" 11 *
, Alabama class B 108 N & w gen 65"!'135
Alabama class C.-.101 lOr Nay lst«... .115
: Alabama Currency.loo lOr Nay 45.. ]"?*■
Atchlson gen 45... 99 Or Short Lin»'te'.!l2BVt
! Atchison adj 45.... S3 Or Short L con 5s 113
Canada So 2ds 108% Reading Gen 4s 87
Ches & Ohio 4>45.. 95% R G W lsts . '"' 97U
Ches & Ohio 55...116i>; 3 L & I M C V..11" "
C & NW con 75... 145 S L & S F G 6s 1244
C.v NWSF deb ss!uß St Paul Consols.. 169
Chgo Terminal 4s. 98 St PC A P lsts . 120
D& R G lsts 106 St PC & PBs !.120«
,D&R a4s 98% 80 Railway sa! 10S%
ET Va &c, lsta.loß% Stand It & T 65... 86
! Erie General 45... 71 Term new set 3s 94
F W &D C lets... 7!)',.. To & Pac lsts ..!U4%
■ Gen Electric 65... 119 Tex & Pa" 2d5... , v,
O H &S A 6s 110 Tnlon Pacific 4s 10MS
|Gif &S A 1d5.. .109% Wabash lsts .. ir;-,
H& T C r.s 11l Wabash Ms ... 100
II & T C con 65... 110 West Shore 45.... UJU
: lowa Central 15t5.. 113 Wis Cent lsts 7>
KCP&■ <; lsts.... 73 A'a Centuries ..'.'.'. Ssv:
'La new cons — 106 Va Deferred 5
L & X Unl 4s 100 Colo & S 4s 86%
MINING STOCKS.
! Chollar 251 Ontario 2 75
Crown Point lOiOphlr .'." 60
Con Cal & Va 140 Plymouth ...... 08
Deadwood 70 ! Quicksilver 1 75
Gould & Curry 26 Quicksilver prefd 700
Hale & Norcross... 27 j Sierra Nevada .. 40
Homestake standard 75
Iron Silver 59 Union Con 27
Mexican 2$ I Yellow Jacket 19
New York Money Market.
NKW YORK, Nov. 3 -Money on call, firm
nt ffiS per cent: last loan, 6 per cent; prime
mercantile paper. mosf4 per cent; sterling «-x
--change firm, with actual business in bankers'
btllf at U M%04 s " f " r demand and $4 83®
i tor sixty days; posted rates, {( 84®4 88;
commercial bills. S4 S2'« . silver certificates
bar Silrer, SB%e; Mexican dollars]
47.» Q verr.jr.ent bonds, strong; State bonds]
inactive; railroad bonds, easier.
Cash in the 1 reasnr\.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 3.— To-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, ?2'!9,&S3 > 519; gold reserve
$2'»2 702,472.
London Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. S.-The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cabl<»gram says:
The markets here were quiet. They began
dull, then hardened upon encouraging war
newg that dribbled through. Consols were up
V 4; Spanish 4's were C 3&; Tlntos, 4S'4; Anacon
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 4. 1899.
das, 9\; ITtahs. 7 11-16: Bostons, 1 B-16. Copper
was marked up 30s. Silver was firm on Shang
hai demands. Mon»v was firmer.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific, 'js%; Union Pacific pre
ferred, 7»%: Northern Pacific preferred, 7SH;
Atchlson, 23\; Grand Trunk, 5%; bar silver,
26 13-16J per ounce; money, 2 1 * per cent.
Bank Clearings.
NEW YORK, Nov. The following table,
compiled by Bra/iFtreet, shows the bank clear-
Ings at the principal cities for the week ending
November 2. with the percentage of increase
and decrease, as compared with the correspond
ing week last year:
Per cent Per cent
Cities- Inc. Dec.
New York $1,240,433,748 41.0
Boston 150,067.710 11. ....
Chicago 131.370.621 11.8 ....
Philadelphia 96,2fc3.f.20 31.7
i St. Loulu 30.642.025 .... 1.2
I Pittsburg 33,144,418 81.8 ....
I Baltimore 20,332,165 9.1 ....
Ban Francisco 24.324.116 27.3 ....
Cincinnati 14,403 9.9 ■ ....
Kansas City 15.478.952 4.7 ....
New Orleans 8,780,716 4.6 .... ;
Minneapolis 13,873,050 8.6 ....
Detroit 8 253.600 39.6 : ....
Cleveland 10,891,466 41.6 ....
Louisville 9.361, 80.8 ....
Providence 7.393.400 48. C
Milwaukee 6.122. 20.0 ....
St. Paul 6.250.614 6.4 .:..
Buffalo 6,760,3.18 22.0
Omaha 6.438,9 6.6 ....
Indianapolis . 6,347,980 10.2 ....
Columbus, O 5,420,100 18.6
Savannah 8.661.861 :... 7.0
Denver ...» 4.066.793 20.1 ....
Hartford 2.302,034 2.1
Richmond 2,900,011 ....
Memphis £,840,644 16.3
Washington 2.392.500 6.2
Peoria : 2,120,399 39 4 ....
j Rochester 1,949,764 ....
, New Haven 1,574.765 1.8
Worcester 1,516,048 .... ....
Atlanta 2,161.172 34.1 ....
Salt Lake City 2.773,349 60.6 ....
Springfield. Mass .. 1,698,123 11.5
Fort Worth 1,553.481 8.2 '....
Portland. Me 1.423.888 16.4
Portland. Or 2.319.061 7.8
St. Joseph 3.314. 14S 53.9
Los Angeles 1.749,343 26.0
Norfolk 1.618,534 21.
Syracuse 1,316,814 15.3
1 '<•:- M. lines 1.404, 14
Nashville 1,361.561 14.9 ....
Wilmington, Del .-. 856,804 22. i
Fall River 1,064.627 50.9
Scranton 1,254,054 10.6 ....
Grand Rapids 1.199.464 38.1
! Augusta, Ga 1,666,000 23.9
Lowell 615.367 7.8 ....
Dayton, O 1.031,162 44.0
! Seattle 8,350,701
1 Tacoma 1,158,630 2.1.3 ..."
Spokane 1,696,560 67 3
Sioux City 1.175.911 27.0
New Bedford 596,922 .... 43°
KnoxviUe, Term ... 6(10.675 .... pi
Topeka 374,696 .... 34.1
Birmingham 833.073 r.2 5
Wichita 437,739 '2.5
Binghamton 376.700 SO
Lexington. Ky 314,544 ....
I Jacksonville, Fla .. 229.103 ]3.2 .'..'.
Kalamazoo 372.?- ; i 24.8 .'.'.'
I Akron 417.1ixi 20 S '.'."
! Chattanooga 410.302 418
Rorkford. 11l 2K7.52S 48 3
i Canton. O 27:..5.-;9 3S.S ....
l-'l'ringfirld, O 2f.fi.Kii 37.3 "
1 Fargo, N. D '. 4-.iv 259 1 0
Sioux Falls. S. D .. 151.459 10.1
Hastings, Nebr .... 141.9*7
Fremont. Nebr .... 111*7.">7 '"" 26 "i
Davenport 9:2 3 4 "*'s
Toledo 1.919,375 4 9
Oalveston 8 209001 J3' 4
Houston 8,882.413 S.s
Kvansvills 5.16.9(in M.a
Macon 598,000 ..v."
Helena 741.313 .... V ; .
Little Rock : . 460,265 22*6
iglnaw 351039
Springfield. 11l 465.657 'r.'k
Yonngatown 867,912 21.9 ....
; Totals. U. S 11.942,526,093 31.6 ~
\ Total* outside
New York 682,091,346 17 1
DOMINION OF CANADA. '
Montreal $14,809,614 4 8
Toronto 30,879.734 18 6 '.".".'
1 Winnipeg 3,145.568 27.5
Halifax 1.355.65S 8 2
Hamilton 889,081 24 1
St. John, N. B 559.540 .... ""
Vancouver, B. C 27,699 is i
Victoria, B. C 774,390 44.9 *"**
Totals J33,26. r i,3:3 12.6 7777
Bradstreet's Financial Review.
NEW YORK. Nov. 3.— Bradstreet's review of
: the New York stock market will pay to-mor
row:
i Speculation has been more active . and the
stock market was in the main strone and ad
i vancing. a decided rise in money rates due to
the effect of the November disbursements on
the deleted New York hank reserves- only
| created a slight halt In thf market's progress
with Irregular concessions in stocks subjected
to bearish attack. When the money market be
came somewhat easier, as it did by Wednes
day, the upward movement was resumed and
strong support was displayed In different por
"tions of the list. The trading, however has
■ continued to be largely profitable, and the bull
ish and confident line which the street has
shown baa attracted only a moderate amount
iof outside buying. The London market experi
enced a shock early in the week on hearing of ,
j the mishap of the British force in Natal, and
! on Tuesday especially there was considerable
selling in this market, which contributed the
! Irregular lines In the early part of the week
; The Transvaal war and the foreign financial
; situation generally have been, watched but
| the fact that the London money market con
j tinues to be easy, and that speculative inter
ests there show confidence In the speedy ter
; mination of the war after the full British force
1 arrives at the Cape tend to allay apprehension
on that SCpre. The rise in the money market
here was regarded as a much more serious mat
ter for speculation. The contraction of loans
falls, of course, mainly on the stock market,
and some authorities arirue from the intense
activity of trade and the failure of money to
return from the Interior that the contraction
I will continue for some time. The rise of call
j loan rates on Monday and Tuesday to 20 per
i cent, with some incidental, higher quotations,
was due, however, to an unusual amount of
disturbance of balances, caused by the No
vember 1 Interest, dividend and other pay
ments. But these figures generally, as lenders
of money adopted them, were regarded ac tem
porary and failed to induce any serious liqui-
I dation of long holdings.
Bradstrcct's on Trade.
j NEW YORK, Nov. S.— Hradstreet's tO-mOROW
j will say: Despite some variation In the cur
rents of trade distribution the aggregate move
ment continues of immense volume; In fact. If
- the aggregate of bank clearings In the country
j outside of the metropolis Is a trustworthy In
! dcx, as it no doubt Is, the country's trade
reached its highest mark In the month of Oc
tober. I'rices certainly showed marked s-trength
in view of the proportions of earlier advances.
In some lines of wholesale trading, notably dry
poods, there has been gome quieting of demand.
without, however, any perceptible effect to be
exercised upon values of textiles, which, ln
deed, are more firmly held than ever. It has.
Indeed, been a tecord period in the w.v>l trade.
' Bales at th" leading centers having exceeded
all records for the week, and the strength alike
of the raw and the manufactured material is
most marked. Cotton goods are also very
Strong;, partly on the extraordinary demand nnl
partly because of the strength of the raw ma
terial. The great cereals have been rather dull
this week, with slight variation in price, ami
the markets appear to have come to a standstill
pending new developments.
In the iron and steel trade strength of values
Is perhaps the most notable feature, but activ
ity has been transferred fn>tn the finished
branch of the trade to the market for plg-
Iron, which har been very active n t full price*.
Reports of re-exp irts of American Iron from
Japan are confirmed. A heavy business was
done in hardware during October, relatively
the best reports coming from the West. Other
! metals fall to show as much strength, copper
1 and in b^lng considerably lower on the week.
■ In the lumlwr market demand varies with the
j material and the market involved, hut while
pine lumber is quieter at Western centers
prices are very firm and intimations of a con
tinuance of these conditions of further ad
vances are numerous. Influenced by the" activ
ity in the boot and shoe manufacturing dis
tributive trade (eather is strong and tends up
ward and some advances in hides are also re
ported.
"Wheat, Including flour, shipments for the
week aggregate 3.(M*!.K.',fi bushels, against 4,416.
--4X> la-st week. 6.773.643 In the corresponding
week of IR9S. G.890,4Mg In 1897, 3,472.976 in lS9fi and
i,666.W7 i n ISM.
While slvwing some Increases In number and
llahintie? over the summer and autumn months
business embarrassments for the month of Oc
tober furnish very satisfactory comparisons
with corresponding months of other years.
There were 816 failures, involving $6,774,000 in^
liabilities, from October a year ago, and com
parisons with earlier years" are even more fa
vorable.
Dun's 1 Review of Trade.
NEW YORK, Nov. 3.— R. G. Dun & Co.'a
weekly review of trade will say to-morrow:
British disasters in South Africa have brought
to view something besides the steady self-re
liance of the English people, that they hold
not many American securities to I"" dislodp*d
In any time of alarm, but are inclined to take
more when stocks and money luoks for siue
investment.
A little decline of %c In wheat and l%c in
corn does not hinder exports, though it is
some evidence that growers think they have
amplea supplies. Atlantic exports of wheat for
five weeks have been flour included, 15.C5G.599
bushels, against 18.1^2,631 bushels last year,
and Pacific exports 2 713 50l bushels, against
3,917,484 bushels last year.
Western receipts of wheat have continued
heavy, but have not rivaled last year's extra
ordinary outpouring, amounting to only 85,968.
--OS7 bushels in five weeks, against 49,f.40.7L'l
bushels last year, but Western corn receipts
run ahead of last year's In the same weeks,
and the t-xiiorts have been 15.t;4»i,044 bushels,
against 11,568,158 bushels last year.
The enormous sales of wool at Boston. 21,
--557,500 pounds, reported. making 25,3t}\7i'Q
pounds jit the three chief markets for the week,
are extremely important. That all are not for
consumption, as the trade is naturally tempted
to believe, may be true, and yet actual pur
chases by the mills of half that quantity would
imply extraordinary enrouragement respecting
the demand for woolen goods. The prices
have been generally advanced to an average
scarcity below that of May, 1592, and for Ohio
washed light and dark unwashed and pulled
wool slightly higher. Expectation of higher
prices at London prompt much speculative
buying, but the demand for woolen goods is
also undeniably encouraging.
Cotton manufacturers have also been in great
demand, with prices constantly rising so that
with middling uplands at 7.68 cents. good 9 are
relatively dearer in price than they have been
since October 1, but whether they will advance
much further depends upon the current esti
mates of the forthcoming crop.
Prices for pig iron for early deliveries are
still advancing, but as a great part of the de
mand has protected itself by contracts running
far into next year. Including purchases of 50,000
tons bessemer this week at $23 50, and as billets
are quoted at |S9 60 for spot, but J3S for n»xt
year, the market can br Interpreted several
ways. Anthracite pig is also quoted at Ji'4 50
for early delivery. Rut no finished products
have advanced during the past week excepting
n-flned bars, which tho Eastern association has
put up $1 per ton. More weakness appears in
some lines of which the works have not orders
running far ahf-ad. But It Is claimed that
1,800,000 tons Of mils. 86 per cent of the entire
capacity, ha? been sold for next year. Tin
Is weaker at ISO 50 and lake ci pper 17c, whlia
spelter is offered at 14 85. Dealers are refus
ing to pay tho higher prices asked, by manu
facturer! of )• • its and ih< es t i sucn an extent
that future orders are somewhat restricted.
Tet the Octbber shipments were 473,722 cases,
against 41! . an increase of 12 pf>r
cent, and :;<::. 93'i In the s;nn» week of 1592. an
Increase of nearly 3" p*»r cent.
Considerable irregularity appears in the re
lation between demand and Bupply, with rathfr
more general hesitancy in buying on the part
of dealer! li w len - I Hides and leather
remain strong, packers having somewhat ad
vanced prices at Chicago, their supplies being
sold four to six weeks ahead.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Nov. 3.— FLOUR— Receipts, 11.- (
672 barrels; exports, 8375 barrels. Bales, 10,000
packages. Market steady for low grades and
easy for medium and higher grades; closing
dull.
WHEAT— Receipts, 12,025; sales, 10,000 fu
tures, CC.COO spot. Spot dull but firm; No. 2
red, 74c I. o. b. afloat spot.' No. l Northern '
liulutli. 76V4c f. o. b. afloat to arrive new;
No. 2 red, 72Vic elevator. Options steady at j
an advance of Vie ami further advanced MiC on j
better cables than expected. For a time the
market was fairly active on local covering.
Later the feeling was very weak, there be
ing no outside support whatever and exporters
showing no disposition to buy. Closed weak at ;
the lowest point, a net decline of He. March
closed at 76* 4 c; May, TT',,'[j77V\ closed at
77V: December, 73 '■,".' 74 >„■■, closed at 73^c.
HOPS Quiet.
HIDES Bt
WOOL— Quiet."
METALS- price of Tin went oft to the j
lowest level reached since the bulge of the I
early summer, with Indications at the close
polntini to no relief from the weakness for
the present at least. The other departments
of the local market were unsettled with a
downward tendency following very unfavorable j
cables from European markets, disappointing I
news from the West and apathy on the part [
of buyers. At the close the Metal Exchange
called:
PIG IRON— Warrants entirely nominal at
$16 aOfflS.
COPPER — Lake, unchanged at $17.
TlN— Very weak at $30.
LEAD— Quiet at ft :7'..'i4 fi2<«.
SPELTER Dull at $4 80-04 90.
The brokers' price for Lead is $4 40 and for
Gopper. $17. . j
- COFFEE Options closed easy at a net loss
Of 5 to 10 points. Sales, 12.000 bags. Including
December, 16 SB; January. *5 36: March. $5 400
f. BO: May. $5 50-gr. 65; June. $5 55@5 10; July. •
$» 65; August. $r» 70: September, $5 70^5 75.
Spot Coffee— Rio firm hut quieter. Mild firm.
RUQAR Steady: fair refining, 3 IS-16c; cen
trifugal, N test, 4 5-18 c; molasses sugar, 3 9-lCc;
refined steady.
CUTTER— Receipts, 3320 packages; firm:
Western creamery, 17@24c; June creamery, 17@
23c: factory, 14lj!Q r 16 1 .;c.
EGGS— Receipts. 6320 packages; steady; West
ern ungraded at mark, 14«?lSc.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Nov. 3.— California Dried Fruits j
firm.
EVAPORATED ' APrLES— Common. 6@7c;
prime wire tray, 7%®80; choice, SVi4?BV4c; fancy,
-
PRUNES— 7HtfS'.4c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, ISOISc: Moorpark, 15@18c.
PEACHES 2W22c: unpeeled, 7H®loc.
California Fruit Sales.
The Earl Fruit Company sold California fruit
to-day at auction, realizing the following
prices:
CHICAGO, Nov. R.— Pears— D'AnJou, boxes,
P2 80, average $2 2"; B. Doss. $2X5; Seckel.
$270. Prunet Hungarian, single crates, $129:
Italians, Boc@U 20, average $109; Stiver, 1120
0136, average $131. Three cars sold to-day;
ather.
N!:\V Ti'ltK. Nov. 3 — Orapes— Kmperor, sin-
Kle crates, ; i 59; Red Emperor, $1 500 l 55, aver
aere. $1 52; Clusters, }'J." 15, average $2 10. Five
cars sold to-day; favorable weather.
CHfl AGO, Nov. B.— l'orter Bros. Company's
sale of California fruits: Pears— Winter Nellis,
$2K box: Kelfers, $14". Grapes— Tokays, 40c«r
$2 2i. single crate; R75 to ?2 65. double, and
$1 Si'i'Ji 1 6. r ,, clusters: Cornlchons, $1 35®1 65, sin
gle crates: Muscats, sOc@sl2S; Vcrdelles, 45c@
$1 OR; Ferreras, 70-;7 9l>c.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, . Nov. 3.-Small Argentine ship
ments and higher cables, notwithstanding the |
decline here yesterday, started with a frac- I
tional advance over night. Shorts were appre- !
hensive for the moment because of some ex
citement In England over the Transvaal situa- |
tion, and some covering resulted. liquidation
on the bulce became so excessive, however,
that the demand was withdrawn and the mar
ket turned suddenly weak. From that point
until the end the course was downward. Put
figures were reached without meeting any op
position, and this fact alone added Impetus to
the selling movement. The main factor of
weakness was in the domestic visible, the In
dications being that an addition of over a
million bushels would be made during the week.
Light clearances, slow cash demand and the
reported imDroved condition of winter wheat
also had a depressing effect. December opened
V,c to Vie higher nt fi9S?69Vtc. advanced to 69%
<S?63Uc, declined to 88%e, and dosed at 68H0
88% c. Chicago received 133 cars, 23 of which
were eroded contract.
Diminishing country offerings, owing to con
tinued wet weather, strengthened corn early.
An advance of '1 at Liverpool also encour
aged buying, tout the market finally yielded un- \
der heavy liquidation. induced by a poor cash
demand and reports of a serious blockade at
Buffalo. The market wa* active throughout,
but dosed weak nt the bottom.
Oats followed other grains. There was no
special feature to the trade, prices ruling easy
within narrow limits. December closed at 22%
B«V4c.
Provisions were slow but firm. Liberal ship
ments and a steady decrease in stocks encour
aged huyinc of ribs and pork, and substantial
gains were scored. January pork closed lie to.
12'jc higher. Janunrv lard unchanged and .Tanu
arv ribs 2'jc to Be higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
"Wheat No. 2—
■December 69*4 fi9V» . fiS>4 «R%
May TPA 73H 72>i - 72%
Corn No. 2
■December SIH 31% .. 30% 3014
January.  30M, S<U4 30% 3084
May '81% - 33 32% 32%
Oats No. 2—
December 22% 22^4 22% 22M,
May 24<4 24% 23%, 23%
Mess Pork, per nbl —
December 805 S 12*4 805 8 12'-
January 965 9 72% 965 9 72 3 ,2
Lard, per 100 lbs —
December sin Bin 50714 5071,4
January ..5 27% 6 27V4 525 625
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
November .... 4 85
January ..« 92^ *95 ■ 4 92% 495
Cash quotations were as ■ follows: • Flour. ,
quiet, and easy; No. 2 Spring Wheat 69@72 1
No. 3 Spring Wheat, Willie; No. 2 Red. 70®
71c; No. 2 Corn, 32@32^ic; No. 2 Oats 23c: No.
2 White. 2flr(£2s^c: No. 3 White, 25% c; No. 2
Rye, 51c; No. 2 Barley, 37@44c; No. 1 Flaxseed,
$129%: Prime Timothy Seed. $2 30; Mess Pork,
per bbl. $S n:,J?B uv Lard, per I*l lbs $5 lT'-a'T)
6 J 2o^^ Short " I . Sldes ' loose. $4 75 @ 5 20; Dry Salt"
-cd Shoulders boxed, 6%<a5% C ; Short-clear Sides,
boxed, ft, 30^535: Whisky. distillers 1 finished
goods per gal. $1 24; Sugar. Cut Loaf, 6 - 70 c:
Granulated. ,".lgc.
-,^, l : c ' e «- . Receipts. Shipments.
[Flour bbl 15000 12000
!^h«at v bu 74,000 10000
Corn, h bu 294,000 267.000
t£» v 261.500 202.000
Kye, bU r mr)
Barley, fa« ;»! TiQOO 1.000
m 2rk t t he °fl UCe E ? chan e to-day the ButteT
m ?MQo 5 m V '' rp amery. 15@23>^c; Dairy,
14<??19c. Eggrs. strong-: Fresh, lSc? Cheese
steady; Creams, 11>4@12U v-"c«>e.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec . ilar. May
Opening :::::::::::::: 5Si 5 nit -!S?>
~~ ■ PARIS. '» ■'"'
Wheat- Nov. Mar June
8 . :::::;:";.:::::;::;;;; w 1900
Flour—
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Nov. 3.-CATTLE-The small sup
ply to-day was quickly disposed of at un
changed prices. Good to fancy grades $5 SO®
6 TO; common to medium, $4@5 45; stock'ars and
feeders. $2 75<g4 75; cows, heifers and bulls
II 60@S 10; Texans, $3 40@4 10; calv«s, $3 75@
7 90,
.HOGS— Trade was active at steady prices,
except for lightweights, which were weaker.
Fair to prime lots, $4 12US4 27U- heaw nark
era $3 /5@4 10; mixed. *sW< lfMTb^tchers'
$3^98@4 25; lightweights. $3 S)6@4 20; pigs, % 50®
SHEEP-The supply of sheep and lambs was
excessive for Friday. Buyers held back and
the market closed weak, with lambs 15@25c
lower and sheep B@loc lower. Common to prime
>* mbS Bold a * 4 ® 5 50; poor to prime sheep, $2
i/ooo*' 1 " 8 - 0 *" 16 - 3000; hogs, 21,000; sheep.
Foreign Markets.
! LONDON, Nov. 3.— Consols, 104%; silver,
26 13-16 d; French rentes, lOOf 30c: wheat cargoes
off coast, buyers and sellers' apart; cargoes on
passage, easier and neglected, 3d lower; Eng
lish country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL. Nov. 3.— Wheat, dull; No 1
standard California, 6s 2%d; wheat in Paris
( lny : '" Par ' dUll: weather ln England!
COTTON— Uplands. 4 l-32d.
' . CLOSING.
in7 H ? AT Steadr: spot No - - re<l "Western. Os
MhL Futures, steady; December. 5s lid; March
< Vn«i : 'Q°- l * orthern spring steady 6s.
CORN— Spot American mixed new and old
flrm -A" .-..l V Futures steady; November, 3s
i,9id; December, .3s 6%d; January, 3s BVid
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 f%u.
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87%
Sterling Cables — 4 8814
New York Exchange, sight — y/
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Mexican Dollars 48 4sii
Flno Silver, per ounce — ssi^
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The decline on call continued, but
spot quotations were not affected.
Chicago was quiet and weak, though it
opened firmer on better foreign advices. The
market appeared oversold and a reaction was
looked for. Argentine shipments were 560,000
bushels, one-third of last week's.
.Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 05; milling, $1 07>£@
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
4000 ct!»._$108; 6000. $1 07%. May— 2o,ooo. $1 1514 ;
Second Session — December l6,ooo ctls $1 ffi*6
May— $1 15. '*•
Regular Morning Session— May— 2000 ctls
JII4H; 4000. $114%; 88.000, 51 141,4; 36,000. $1 14'
38.000, $114%. December— 6ooo, $1 1 *; 6000'
51 "7',: 62.000. $1 07. •■■;■-■-
Afternoon Session— December— 6ooo ctls 07
--2000, ■;;■%: 4000, $1 07%. May— $114;
BARLEY— The market continues dull. The
December deal seems to be halting at the mo
ment and the shorts are said to be filling at
the declining prices.
Foed, 7.", ■■v 1 . Brewing and shipping grades,
!iO©&sc; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— B:l6 o'clock— sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— Seller '99—14 000
ctls, S.",V: 2000, Ssc. Decemebr— 2ooo, 85^4c
Afternoon Session— Seller '99—2000 ctls, S4?«c.
OATS— The market continues In fair shape
for sellers, though the demand Is slow at the
moment. White. $1106130; Red', $1 07>4«M 17- . •
Gray, $1 07%©l 17' 2 ; Black, 97Hc@?l 10. '
CORN— Eastern large Yellow, '$1 OSffll 07% ■
White, $1 05481 17'?; mixed. $1 02H@l 05 B er ctl
RYE '■■:« .'l'- 4 per ctl. ' F "''
BUCKWHEAT—
Flour and Millstuifs.
FLOUR— California family extras, J3 60®* 75
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $3 40<?3 50 per barrel for
extra, $3 25<»3 40 for bakers, and $2 25&3 for su
perfine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75- Rye
Meal, $2 M; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, J2 60- ex
tra Cream Corn Meal, $3 25; Oatmeal $4 25-
Oat Groats. $i 50; Hominy, $3 254J3 50'; Buckl
wheat Flour. $4'y4 25; • Cracked Wheat, $3 7;-
Farina, $4 '>(<: Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 Csig6 45; in sacks, $5 85: ati ">i-
Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas, |4 50; Green Peas'
$5 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
Hay continues firm at the recent advance,
■with moderate receipts. There is no further
change in Feedstuffs.
BRAN— 00 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— 9I962O 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $18@18 50 per
ton; Oil Cake Meal at the mill. $2fiy27; Jobbing-,
(27 60@28; Cocranut Cake, |20@21; Cornmeal'
$23 EOQ24 CO; Cracked Corn. $24412.'!; Mixed Feed
iit ■■•■■• 17: Cottonseed Meal. $28 per ton.
HAY— Wheat. $Vrj9 50 for common to good
and $10010 50. f0r choice; Wheat and Oat $7 50
@i 0; Oat, |7@9 50; Barley, $6®B; Alfalfa, $5®
; ." per ton; Compressed, $7 ao{j» 50 per ton
STRAW— 35c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
The situation In Beans remains unchanged.
Prices have been stationary all this week, and
the demand Is much lighter than for the past
month. At the same time there are some sales
rig.iit along.
BKANS— Bayos. $2 50(3'2 60: small White. $2 S.".
Si 95; large White. $2 30W2 40; Pinks $2 Ktt
2 45; Reds. $3 5093 75: Blackeye. $4 50; But
ters, $3; Lima. $4 BOOS; Pea. $2 7803; Red
Kidneys, $2 Mra2 70 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, 3.g3i4c; Yellow
Mustard. 4@4H< % : Flax. nominal; Canary.
3^c per lb for California and 4e for Eastern;
Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 2\*'g?.c; Hemp, 4®4^c;
Timothy 4ig4Hc.
DRIKD PEAS— Niles, $1 35<fl 50; Green, $1 75
<@\ 85 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Everything under this head Is quiet at about
previous prices. Most of the Summer Vege
tables still left are inferior and sell slowly.
POTATOES— River Reds, 55<g.65c: Burbanks,"
4O'ff6sc per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $l@l 25; Ore
; gon Burbanks, 75c051; Sweet Potatoes, 65c@75c
; for Rivers and $1 for Merced.
ONIONS— 7Sc per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 2H@sc per lb;
String Beans, 3(JT6c; Lima ■ Beans, s@6c;
Cabbage. ts#4oc; Tomatoes, 20@40c; Egg Plant
35@50c; Dried Okra. 12VsC per lb;. Garlic, 2@3c;
Green Peppers. 35@75c per box: Carrots. 30®40c
per- sack; Cucumbers. 40@50c; Marrowfat
; Squash, $S@lo per ton: Mushrooms, 10@20c per
lb for choice and 3@Sc for poor.
Poultry and Game.
Another car of Eastern came in, making
eight thts week and eighteen during the last
fortnight. Of course prices are low under' this
condition, Turkeys are bringing better prices
than any other description.
Game has shown little change for several
days, the demand and supply about balancing
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 13Q14C for Gob
blers and 13®i4c for Hens; Young Turkeys, 1;. -
-17 c; Dressed Turkeys. 15@18c: Geese, per
pair, $150ig175; Goslings. $15Oi?175; Ducks
SO for old and $4 50<ar, 50 for young'-
Hens, $4iis: Young Roosters, $3«r3 50; Old
Roosters, $3 50-84; '1 yers, $3<£3 25; Broilers
J.VtiS 25 for large, $2 50@3 for small; Pigeons,
$1 25 per dozen for old and $1 50@l 75 for
Squabs.
GAME— Quail, *1 7601; Mallard. $6f ß; Can
vaßback. $6(ff9; Sprig, $3!?74; Teal, $3'a4-
Widgeon. $2 50,rf3; Small Duck. $2@2 EO; Doves,
75c per dozen; Hare. $1 20; Rabbits, $1 75; Gray
Geese. J3 50@4 50; White, $1 50(f?l 75: Brant. $2
(S3; English Snipe, $2 50 per dozen; Jack Snipe,
?1 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Those dealers who are overstocked with But
ter are pressing their goods on the market at
concessions, hence the continual decline. Those
whose stocks are smaller are firmer In their
views, though the market is undeniably dull
and depressed.
A weakness In ranch Eggs is reported by
some dealers, though there is no decline.
Cheese has not changed for a long time.
BUTTER—
Oreamery— Fancy creamery, 26@26 1 /jc; sec
onds, 25c.
I Dairy— Fancy, 25c; good to choice, 22@24e;
common. 21c.
Pickled roll. 22<3'24c; nrkin, 21@22V4c; cream
ery tub. 22 l i'<?24c.
Eastern— l7(s lßc for ladle packed and 25c for
Elsin: Oregon ladle, 17<7?lSc per lb.
CHEEPIO— Choice mild new, HUe: old, lOft®
lie; Young America, ll%c: Eastern, 14@15c.
EGGS— Quoted at 25<S82^c for store and 37Vi»
40c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 2Si&3Oc for
selected. 25@27}ic \ for No. 1 and 20@22H0 for
seconds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Wine Grapes continue hard to sell, being rot
ten and moldy. Table Grapes are also dull
at unchanged quotations.
Apples are in good supply at the old quota
tions. Quinces are dull and weak. Pears are
steady with moderate supplies.
Scattering lots of Oranges are coming fti
from the north and San Joaquln Valley.
Lemons are In good supply and dull. Limes
show no further change.
. Berries came In very late and the market
suffered In consequence.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, . 35@65c per box for common: 75c®
for trood to choice and $1 25@1 50 for fancy.
Blackberries, per chest;
Strawberries. — — • per chest for small and
$1 75@4 for large berries; Raspberries, $3 50@6
per chest; Huckleberries, s@7c per lb; 'Wiscon
sin Cranberries. $6 50<jr7 50 per bbl; Cape Cod
Cranberries. $7 50@8 50: Coos Bay Cranberries,
$6 B0 per barrel ami *2«?2 2.1 per box.
Persimmons. 75c@$l 25 per box.
Grapes, 20@40c per box: crates sell 10@15c
higher; Wine Grapes, J12@20 per ton for all
kinds.
Pomegranates, 1 '?775c per small box.
Winter Pears. sW<7sl 50 per box.
Quinces, Eo@BSc per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $4 50 per
box; Panama Oranges, $3 50 per 100; Lemons,
75c@$l 60 for common and $2@3 50 for good to
choice: Mexican Limes. 14; California Limes,
; Bananas, $1 50<@2 50 per bunch; Pineapples,
$lt'2 CO per dozen.
Dried Fruits. Nuts, Raisins.
The situation shows no change. The de
mand, though lighter than It has been, is still
fair.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, In sacks, 4\c for I
40-50" s, 4%c for GO-60s, 3%c for 60-70' s. 34c for
70-SO's, 3c for 80-90's and 2%c for 90-100's; Apri
cots, ll@l3c for Royals, 124'3'16c for Moor
parks and 12<S14c for Blenheims; Peaches, 6®
5%c for Standards, 6*?j6%c for choice and 7c for !
fancy: peeled Peaches, USl3c; Evaporated >
Apples. «4@74c; Sun-dried, 4H@sc per lb: Nee- !
tarines. B<§9c per lb for red; Pears. 64@Sc for
quarters and S«10c for halves; Black Figs 3ia
3^c: White Figs, *®6c; Bleached Plums. B®B4c-
Unbleached Plums. 2 @7c for pitted and lii©
2%c for unpltted. ™-*
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson' s— Fancy ncr
lb, 10c: choice, 9c; standard, 8c; prime. 6c : un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb. 84c; choice, 74c; standard, C4o
prlmft, sc; unbleached Sultanas, sc; Seedless'
50-lb boxes. sc; 2-crown loose Muscatels GUc'
3-crown, 6Uc; 4-crown, 7c: London Layers'
2-crown, $1 60 per box: 3-crown $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa, $2 60; Imperial, $3. All '
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping polnta
in California.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 12%#15c; Walnuts, S<S9c for
standards, and 9M:@loc for softshell: Almonds
104<i124c for paper-shell, 9<gloc for soft and 4(fi
6c for hard-shell: Peanuts, 5%©8\0 for East
ern, and Co. for California: Brazil Nuts, 84®9c-
Filberts, ll@HVac; Pecans, 7%@Sc; Cocoanuts'
$4 50ff5.
HONEY— Comb, 114 c for bright and 104 c for
light amber; water white extracted, 7V«^74r
light amber extracted. 64@7c; dark, 840 per
lb.
•BEESWAX— per"lb.
Provisions.
There Is a fair local Jobbing: and shipping de
mand at the old prices.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9c per lb for heavy,
94(6 10c for light medium. 114 c for light, 13c for
extra light and 134 c for sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, 14c; California Hams, 134 -
Mess Beef. $11 per bbl; extra Mess, $12 jo' <
Family. $14; extra Prime Pork. $12 60; extra
clear, $16 60; mess, $15@15 50; Smoked Beef, 120
LARD— Tierces quoted .at 656% c per lb for
LARD— Tierces quoted at «S64c per lb for
compound and 74c for pure; half-barrels, pure
8c: 10-lb tins, B\c: 5-lb tins, 9c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 7?»<g7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
steers, Il@n4e. medium, 104 c; light, »4c;
Cowhides, l'4^loc; Stags, 6V4@7V4c; Salted Kip
94c; Calf. 10c: Dry Hides, sound, 17c; culls and
brands, 13c: Dry Kip and Veal, 15V4@16c; Dry :
Calf 17@lSc: Sheepskins, yearlings. 20i£30c
each; short Wool, 35@60c each: medium, 70<g»iic- !
long Wool. 90c@$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt' I
$2®3 for large and $1 25@1 50 for small; Colts, j
26060 c
" TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 54-ga^c per lb- !
No. 2 4Vs@sc; refined. ; grease, 34c
WOOL—
Fall clip— San Joaquln plains. 74^9c: South- ;
am 7©loe; Middle County. 10@12^c; Humboldt i
and Mcndocino, 15916 c; Eastern Oregon, 11&15"; I
Valley Oregon, .35@lSc; Northern Mountain, ;
free, ll®13c; Northern Mountain, defective, 9@ ]
lie per lb. -.^ "'
HOPS— S@IOc per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Supplies of Hogs are ample to fill the needs
of the local packers, and prices show no
change. The other descriptions are as pre
viously reported.
BEEF— 7@7%c per lb for Steers and 6<^@7c
for Cows.
VEAL— per lb.
MUTTON— 7%@Sc; Ewes, 7@7&c
'LAMB- Spring, 7%@S%c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. s&c for small, 6H@s^c
for medium and 55S5Uc for large; stock Hogs
and Feeders, sc; dressed Hogs, 7©3& c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. ?f?7\ic; Wool
Bags, 2S@3oc; Fruit Bags, 6c, C%c and 6%c for
the three grades of white and 7Vic for
bleached jute.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington, $8; South Held Wellington. $7 50; Se
attle. $6; Bryant., $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend
$8; Scotch. ; Cumberland, 19 75 in bulk and
$1125 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Kg«
$13; Cannel. $8 50 per ton; Rock Springs and
Castle Gate. $9 60; Coke, $13 per ton In bulk
and $15 in sacks. . •
RlCE— Prices show considerable change
China mixed, $3 75@3 80; China No. 1, 14 25@
4 70; extra do, $4 90<S5 10; Hawaiian, $4 S7Vg5;
Japan, $4 55©6; Louisiana, $s<§6.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, s?sc;" Pow
dered, s*»c; Candy Granulated, So; Dry Granu
lated, 4v»c: Confectioners' A. 4%c; California
A. — ; Magnolia A. 4'^c; Extra C, 4%c; Golden
C, 4Vic; barrels. l-l£c more; half barrels, \4e
more; boxes. %c more; 50-lb bags, He more.
I No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent. Dominoes, half barrels. 5Hc; boxes.
D 7 <.<- per Ih.
CANDLES New quotations are announced as
follows: Electric Light Candles— Sixes, 16 ox,
20 sets, lie per set: sixes. 14 oz. 20 sets, 10c;
sixes, 12 oz, 20 sets, 9c; sixes, 10 oz, 20 sets B%c;
twelves. 12 oz, .40 sets, hotel. t%c. Granite
Mining Candles— Sixes, 16 oz, 40 sets, ll*4c per
set; sixes?, 16 oz, 20 set*. ll%c; sixes, 14' oz, 40
set; sixes, 14 oz, 20 sets, 10«4c; sixes.
10 oz, 20 sets, ll»ic; sixes, 14 oz, 40
oz. 20 sets, Be; twelves, 12 oz, 40 sets, hotel,
IV- Paraffins Wax Candles, White— Ones. 14
or.. 25 sets. 12Uc per set; twos, 14 oz, 25 sets,
12Uc; fours. 14 oz, 36 sets, 12Uc; sixes, 14 oz, 36
sets. 12».;c; twelves, 14 oz, 36 sets, 12% c; Colored,
lc higher.
COAL OIL— Is higher, as follows: Water
White Coal Oil, In bulk, 13% c; Pearl Oil, in
cases. l?' 2 c; Astral, ISVic; Star, tS^o; Extra
Star, 23'ic; Elaine, 24 ! ,4c; Eocene, "21^c per
gallon. •• ; ■ — •
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 3.
Hour, qr sks 6,3<>4 Straw, tons \ '■
Barley, ctls 5,146 Hopa. hales lag
Oats, ctls 2.250 Wool, ba*s 39.
Rye, ctls »90 Pelts, bdls 347
Butter, ctls 117 Hides, No 494
Cheese, ctls 10 Eggs, doz 4,980
Tallow, ctls 223 Raisins, bxs tma
Beans, sks B.SS6 Sugar, hhis 'jgj
Potatoes, sks 5.0W1 Quicksilver, flslc. JO
Onions, sks 873 Lime, bbls jjj
Bran, sks 1,575 Leather, rolls ... 344
Middlings, sks .. 450 Wine, gals 49,600
Shorts', sks ion 1 Brandy, gals .. "»'ooo
Hay tons OS
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 800,
Family Retail Market.
Butter continues to cheapen slowly. There Is
no change in Cheese and Errs.
The Poultry market continues heavily sup
pllci. owing to the enormous receipts from the
East, which at present are five times greater
than those from our own State. Game contin
ues dear under moderate supplies. Meats show
no change.
Orangei are beginning to come In, but are,
dear and rather green as yet. Other Fruits *r»
getting reduced to Apples, Pears ana Grapes,
as receipts of the other kinds are insignificant.
Vegetables show no particular changes from
last week. , , ,
The following Is The Call's regular weekly
price list: vi ;■.
Coal. Der ton— j- „ „_
Cannel * <g>lo 50 Castle Gate. ..11 50®
Wellington . 010 DO Southneld
New Welling- Wellington ■ @9 50
ton 010 00 Coos Bay &I 00
Seattle 8 00®
Dairy Produce, etc.— «.,»..„
Butter, fancy, per Common Egg5.... 25@30
square 55<f?60 Ranch Eggs, per
Do per roll 50@55 dozen 45@—
Do. good — Honey Comb, Per
Cheese. Cal — C(jfls! pound ......12@15
Cheese. Eastern.. l7@2o| Do, extracted....— olo
Cheese, Swiss 20@25
Meats, per lb — _
Bacon ;..... 12@17 ' Pork, fresh in^O
Beef, choice 18@20 Pork, salt 12315
Do. good 10@15 Pork Chops 15018
Corned Beef — ®1U Round Steak. 10@12
Ham, Cal 15017 Sirloin Steak 15<g>—
Do, Eastern ..17V5«20 Porterhouse, d0...20@20
Lard 12<ih5 Smoked Beef ....12®15
Mutton 10015 Pork Sausages..
Lamb 12^15|Veal 15@20
Poultry and Game— : . „,», 
Hens, each 50@63 Quail, per doz... 25
Young Roosters, Mallard. pair.sl 50@2 00
each 40060 Canvasback, pair
Old roosters, ea..50®60 .....$1 50@2 50
Fryers, each -«o<g!— Sprig, per pair...7sc(fm
Broilers, each 35@40|Teal, per pair. .. .7. r
Turkeys, per lb Widgeon, per pr..60@75
Ducks, each 50@60 Small Duck, per
Gee6e, each..sl 25@1 SO pair 60060
Pigeons, pair 40050 Wild Geese, per
Rabbits, pair 50®60 pair 50(gt5
Hare, each — @25 English Snipe. dz.J3 00
Doves, per d0z....5l 00 Jack Snipe $2 00
Fruits and Nuts-
Almonds, lb 15@20 : Lemons, dor 20@25
Apples 4@'6 Limes, per d0z...15®20
Bananas, dox 20@25 Pears, per lb 5@ 6
Blackberries, per Raisins, lb s@lo
drawer 40(g'50 Raspberries, per
Cranberries, qt...10@12 drawer 35@50
Grapes, per lb 4@ 6 1 Strawberries, per
Huckleberries, !b.io<i7l2 j drawer 25if?30
Oranges, pr doz..2s(§'oO<'Walnuts, lb — @15
Vegetables —
Artichokes, doz...2s@so|Onlons. lb 2@ 1
Beets, doi 12@15 Okra. dry, per lb.—
Beans, white, lb.. s@— | Peppers, green, lb B@lo
Colored, lb 4£ 5 1 Potatoes, lb 3@ 5
Lima, lb Ml S| Sweet Potatoes... 3S> 4
Cabbage, each ... s@lo Parsnips, doz 15®—
Cauliflowers, each 5-310 Radishes, dz bchslO@l2
Celery, bunch ... s@— Sage, doz bnch5. .25635
Cucumbers, d0z...15«20 String Beans, 1b...6@10
Cress, doz bnchs.2o}?3s Summer Squash,
Egg Plant, per lb 6@ 8 per lb 6@S
Green Peas, 1b... 6a 8 Thyme, lb 20@30
Lentils, lb 6'q; 8 Turnips, doz 10^15
Lettuce, doz 15@— : Tomatoes, lb 4® 5
Fish
Barracuda Phrimps ®10
Carp — 12 Shad — @13
Codfish — (??15!Sea Bass — @15
Flounders 12©— Smelts — ®20
Halibut — (&— Soles — <<?15
Herring —<3—: Skates, each 10<fl5
Klngfl9h — $15 Tomcod — §M
Mackerel — $ — ; Clams, gal 50$ —
Do, Horse —<8— Do hardshell.loo 40(^30
Perch 12(?15 Crabs, each 10(S15
Pompano $150*52 00 Do softshell.doz 25^?35
Rockflsh : 15«520 Mussels, gut 10-Sl2
Salmon, smoked .201?— ! Oysters, Cal, 100..40@50
Salmon, fresh — <g2o| Do Eastern, dz.2s<g!4o
THE STOCK MARKET.
Business •in securities has suddenly picked
up and trading Is now lively on the Bond
Exchange. There was a long list of sales on
the mcrnlng session, and Giant Powder was
the active stock, advancing from $87 50 to $89 50.
Hawaiian Commercial advanced to $96. Hutch
, lnson to $29 124 and Contra Costa "Water to
, $72 374- Hana opened higher at $11 50 and
sold down to $11 124.
On' the afternoon call business was quieter,
and the only fluctuation worthy of note was a
further advance in Giant Powder to $90 25.
| The other stocks were steady as a rule and
the sugar stocks were firm.
The Alaska Packers' Association will pay its
| seventy-first dividend of 75 cents on the 13th.
The Pacific Auxiliary Fire Alarm Company
i has declared a quarterly dividend of 5 cents
per share, payable on the 13th.
The California Cotton Mills will pay the usual
quarterly dividend of $1 per share this month.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. Nov. 3—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. | Bici.A*lc
U S Bonds— Eqult G L Co. 5% 8 •
4s quar coup.. — — I Mutual El Co. 13% —
4s quar reg.... — — ,O GL & H — il\,
4b quar new... — IJI% Pac Gas Imp.. — 61
3s quar coup.. — 108\ Pac Light Co.. 41 -
Miscellaneous — S FG & E.... — 694
Cal-st Cab 65.117 — San Fran , 1 3&
C C Wat os 108 — Stockton Gas.. 12 —
Ed I. « i' ia.uii — Insurance—
F4CI Ry 68.115 — Flrem's Fund. —
Geary-st R ss. — 95 Bank Stocks—
HC & S 545. .1074 — Anglo-Cal 65 —
L A Ry 65....105%106i4 Bank of Ca1.. .407 —
LAL Co li.. 98 — Cal 8D A T.. — »
Do gtnd 65.. 99 — First National — 245
Do gtnd 65.. — — Lon P& A 129 —
LA& P R ss.lM — Mer Ex — is
Market-st 65... 127 — Nev Nat 8k...188415«
Do Ist M 55. .11614117 Savings Banks—
NCN G R 75.112 — [ Ger 6 & L....1700 —
NR of Cal 65. 114 — Hum S & L..1050 1160
N Rof Cal 55. 112*113% Mut Say 8k... 39 —
jNP CR R 68.101 — 6 F Say U...600 —
NIC X H 55. 107 108 ! Say & L So.. — 524
i N Cal H R 58.111 — Sec Say Bk.. — »10
}OG L & H ss. — 110 Union T C 0. .1400 1440
I Oak Tran 65... 112 113 Street Railroads—
| Ocean S S ss. 10541064 California ....121 124
; Ora C Ky 6s. ..126 — .Geary 50 —
P&CI Ry 65.. 1074110 Market-st 62%. —
! Pk &O Ry 68.115 — Oak SL& H. — 50
I'owell-st R6s — 122 Presidio — 30
i Sbc El G&RSB. — — ! Powder—
■SF &N P 55.114»;i15% California 160 —
ISF & S JVSs.IIS4 — E Dynamic... Sfi »5
j6Ry of Cal Ss.lOS — Giant Con Co.. 90 904
I SVof A 65....11*% — Vigortt 2% 3
I 8 P C 6s(1005). — — ! .suifar-
SP C 66(1906). Ill — Hana P C 0.... 11 11%
S P C 1912). 118% — I Haw C&SCo 95 —
SPCIs eg ss. — — Honokaa S Co. 35 364
S PBr 6s 123 — Hutch S P Co. 29% —
B V Wat 65. ...114% — Kilauea S Co.. — 29
;S V Wat 45.... 103 — Makaweli S o 49% 49%.
S V W4s(3dm).lQH4, — Onomea S Co.. 38 39
Stktn Gas 65.. — — Paauhau S Co. 35% —
Water Stocks — ■ Miscellaneous —
Contra Costa.. 73% 75 :A1 Pack Assn.llß4l2o
1 Marln County. 50 — Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
! Spring Valley. 101%1014 Oceanic S Co.. 90 91
Gas and Electric— Pac A F A.... 1% — ■
Cent Gas C 0... — — Pac C Bor C 0.145 —
I Cent L &'P.. 6 7 ! Par Paint Co.. 84 —
Morning Session.
Board —
15 Contra Costa Water 72 00
5 Contra Costa Water 72 25
65 Contra Costa Water 72 37%
20 Giant Powder Con 87 50
35 Giant Powder Con 87 75
7' Giant Powder Con 88 50
50 Giant Powder Con, s 90..... 88 374
10 Giant Powder Con :.;... 88 624
30 Giant Powder Con 89 00
80 Giant Powder Con 89 50
15 Giant Powder Con 89 37%.
IS Giant Powder Con 89 25
nil Equitable Gas 5 75
50 Hana Plantation Co II 50
IS Hana Plantation Co 11 37%
--1 100 Hana Plantation Co. s 90 n25
90 Hana Plantation Co ]j 124
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 96 00
50 Honokaa, cash 34 75 j
30 Honokaa 35 00
25 Hutchinson S P Co 25 $714
IK Hutchinson S P Co 29 00
5 Hutchinson S P Co 29 12%.
I 100 Makaweli 49 00
100 Makaweli 49 12%
i 125 Mutual Electric Light 14 00
50 Paauhau S P Co 35 25
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 59 62%.
; 50 S F Gas & Electric Co 59 50
j $1000 S F & S J v 80nd5...-. us 5,1
$2000 Sierra Ry of Cal 6s 108 50 "
■ $2000 S V fis m 25
i $6000 S V 6s 11450
I 100 Vigortt Powder 2 87%.
Street— :
100 Honokaa S Co 3. 7 
-55000 Oceanic S S Bonds ! 105 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
i $85,000 Contra Costa Water Bonds. 107 -";
25 Equitable Gas ."" I s-u
40 Giant Powder Con, s DO "**" co i.'n
5 Giant Powder Con ["" sa '--,
77 Giant Powder Con " " q,', ™
110 Giant Powder Con '.'.'.'.'." 90 "5
40 Giant Powder Con """* on -,ni>
200 Hana Plantation Co , "*"'"" 11 it*
20 Hutchinson 8 P Co ii 2?
10 Makaweli ; £, £?
200 Paauhau S P Co ■>'-:;.
$2000 S P Branch Ry 6s '.'. *"123 00
20 S Street- " —«
50 Honokaa S Co « M
$15,000 S F S J V Bonds "115 50
.".AN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
!>■-. Board —
, 100 Equitable Gas ' 5-5
20 Giant Powder Con " 87 00
10 Giant Powder Con !/»7 25
20 Giant Powder Con '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.fa vj\i
100 Honokaa Sugar Co ...". 34 75. "
50 Makaweli Sugar Co "*" jo 25
25 S [■- Gas & Electric ; ■"" 59 "id
100 Vigorlt Powder ;..[ 2 75
Afternoon Session.
Board—
20 Contra Costa Water 72 sn
200 Equitable Gas • "* g 5
20 Giant Powder Con ...Ill] 89 50
35 Giant Powder Con ' so 3714
40 Giant Powder Con... '..".'.1'.'."." 89 25
25 Hana Plantation Co ; "* \\ 50
30 Hana Plantation Co " 11 nu.
30 S F Gas & Electric .....'.'.'" 59 75
10 S V Water "101 «j
150 Vigorit P0wder. ....... '..'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.['. 2 874
THE CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
300 Tidal Wave... 290
.50 ! a u,S uln ..° &D Co '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. 100
100 Equitable \ Tf.
100 Big Panoche ."."."i:::":!".'";"" 170
Continued on Page Thirteen.PARKHURST HAS
RADICAL VIEWS
ON PEDAGOGUES
Claims They Do Not
Teach Religion.
COMMENTS BY PROF. JORDAN
RABBI VOORSANGEB VOICES HIS
OPINION.
He Does Not Believe in Mixing Sci
ence With Religion — Rev. Dr.
Spalding Expresses Pro
nounced Ideas.
Rev. Dr. Charles H. Parkhurst, In his
sermon last Sunday morning in Madison
Square Presbyterian Church. New York,
criticized teachers in colleges and schools
for Ignoring religion in their treatment
of scientific subjects. He said:
"I want to caution you against the un
safe way of prosecuting natural scienti
flc studies. No one is lit to teach natural
science in an institution nominally re
ligious to whom nature does not stand
first of all as being the creation of God's
handiwork and as being, therefore, a
constant revelation of some at least of
tthfi attributes of him from whom it
sprung.
fortunately there are a great many
teachers in our educational institutions
selected by Christian trustees with an
?ye only to the scientific equipment
of the man they elect, but seemingly
with little concern for the effect which
scientific acumen, unaccompanied by pro
found religious discernment, is bound to
have in the way of converting the class
room into a seminary of infidels and athe
ists."
!The radical views of the eminent divine
were submitted to a number of well
known professional men yesterday, who
commented as follows on the propositions
set forth by Dr. I'arkhuist in his dis
course:
David Stan Jordan said:
College professors are very much like
other educated men. Most of them are
employed to do very special lines ol
work, and these in their classes attend
to their business. In outside matters they
are also like other people. Some are
very relictou? and some are not at all. In
the same way me are deeply interested in
;■ lltical movements and others relatively in- i
different to them. The tendency of thorough
Btudy in any neld is to turn men from emo
tionalism, from theological speculations and
from things that speedily pass away.
Truth Is serious and stern anil cannot be
wo I hy . mere enthusiasm. Exact training
teaches a man that the methods of the dialectl
*.:.ui can give no sound results. Hence the col- !
lege i rofessor has little respect for the details
of religious formulae and creeds. In so far as
1 ••••achers and sects define religion ■ ■ cere
mony, emotion or belief in abstract propositions
i .rmulated in uncritical and metaphysical
t.-rms, the college professor like any other
man of affairs is Indifferent to It.
To the essentials of wisdom virtue, sound
conduct and the right relation of man to his
Maker, the average college professor is not in
different. Many of the wisest teachers of reli
gion and morality to-day are college professors,
and their host teaching is shown in their 'vow
i>f poverty' and their lifelong devotion to the
worship of truth. For to know truth is a. rell-
Kion in itself. One cannot teach religion by
talk alone. It takes a life behind It.
Rev. Dr. Voorsanger of Temple Emanu-
El discussed the subject as follows:
I do not believe In mixing up science with re- i
ligion. Science and religion aretaught by different
methods. Cine Is a pure classification of mental
experiences and results to be deduced from ;
them, to be adapted to the needs and condi
tions of society; the other is an instrument for j
it ho regulation of conduct and for the ordering
of all ways pertaining to men. so that they ;
may live in harmony with one another and may ;
appreciate the great fact that God is ruler of ;
all men. -- I no nr-t • mean - to say that I
sclenca should not teach God, nor i
that religion should deny the ad- j
vantages of scientific training in the work
thai is before it. Hut I cannot see the neces
f-lty of teaching science by religious methods,
nor religion by scientific methods. The two
ar-i p?rarate and distinct processes, probably
to cain the same end, but their methods are
separate' and distinct. If that fact were more
appreciated probably Pr. Parkhurst would not
.have any trouble. An atheistic teacher of
eri^ncp can do very little harm if the scientific
teachers of religion understand their business.
Rev. Dr. ruling, rector of St. John's
Episcopal Church, holds that the power
of Almighty God should bo recognized in
all studies, scientific and otherwise: that
as all power comes from Him, so this
power should be recognized. He thinks
that one of the dangers of the day is
a tendency to the divorce of scientific i
studies from the power or God, and Is
heartily in sympathy with a movement
which is on foot by which God should
b* recognized, ■- eclrlly in the studies
of nature.
Earnest Carroll Moore of the depart
mont of philosophy. University of Cali
fornia, said:
The charge that the scientist Is not a relig
ious ■ man is very frequently repeated. It has
always had a certain Justification in the past: I
It has a certain justification now. Religion i
an-i religious men are always justified in pro
testing against the dogmatisms of any scientist
who may so far forfc-ct his Hiopocratic oath
ns to ceas» to be a scientist and become a rea- i
sonless asserter concerning things religious
The scientist who ceases to be a scientist Is
fair game anywhere. There have been many
s-'if-h. though happHj their number Is rapidly I
becoming fewer. Against such men protest Is
bin-ays In order, but to assert that such pffudo
scientists fill the chairs of state universities
Is a monstrous untruth. For such an assertion
is more than a criticism; it is an lmneach
nient of the intellectual integrity of * State
teachers.
The charge does not state that certain forms
of. utii'ly— certain sciences are necessarily
atheistic. The curriculum of a denominational
university is the same as that of a State uni
versity of like rar.k. It is not then the body of
sclrntinV facts which produces godlessnesg- It ;
is some departure from them; and this depart
ure the real scientist cannot make, for he must
stick to the farts, which Id themselves are not
objectionable. The charge then Is that teaeh
♦rs in State universities are not scientists
which as a general statement will Instantly
be seen to be absurd. That their work Is of
very high scientltio value Is everywhere ad
mitted. That tlvir methods are not consist- !
ently scientific has only to be stated to be at
once scouted everywhere.
Such a charge almost 'always haa a deeper
meaning. 1. c.. that Mice and revelation are
inherently antagonistic. The theologian is
f.metlmes Inclined to believe that God has
once and for all made known his will; the
•dentist that the ultimata nature of things
yet r. mains to he discovered. But these are
bath half truths. If God created the world It
is fair to suppose that the student win find
him In his work. If Ood mad. hJmwif known
to human experience it It fair to suppose that
he. still does so. All arch Is search for God
or the cause, of things. . But it always leads
us to revise f , ur past experience and knowl
edge of God, and here I. the rub
Thoee who would rely upon that which we
already know of Ood condemned Anaxagoras
to death because he taught that ';■ ■] was on*
and intelligent, and Socrates they put to death
because of his business, and Aristotle they
would bavo slain but that he fled to prevent
them from once again sinning against those
who strove to get knowledge. In Jerusalem I
this ultra-conservative religious conscience
s!»w Christ as a blasphemer. It Is still a dan- '
gerous thing to condemn honest inquiry, for i
one may kill the friend of man. But it Is I
always in ■ r.ler to convict the scorner wherever <
he may be found, yet few will admit that he I
Ib peculiar to State universities.
DINNER TO J. GOLDBERG.
of the Big- Grocery X
Honor Their Chief.
A delightful dinner and vaudeville en
tertainment was priven to J. Goldberg by
over 200 of his employes to celebrate the
opening- of the new Butter street building
end to honor the chief of the big grocery
establishment on his return to business
ifter a rather extended absence.
At long tables, beautifully decorated
with the choicest flowers of the State and
rroanins under the weight of pood things,
he entire personnel of the establishment,
from the smallest office boy to the head
it department, sat down and made
n^rry during the Interludes in the cx
i Hint programme of specialties.
Speeches of a congratulatory nature
Acre made by Messrs. Hugo D. Kell and
".. B. Bowcn, and were gracefully re
i'<in>led to by Mr Goldberg in an address
n which he reviewed the progress of his
ious'? and Its growth Into Its present Im
fifrisity, and ccmplimented his able staff
■f •••!:- for the part they had In
nuiun ng up one of the great business
loughs of the city.
RETURNS TO THE SCENE
OF HER FIRST SUCCESS
"P^ROMINEXT among the fair Call
rfornians who have achieved bril
liant successes in the dramatic
profession is Miss Pearl Eve
lynne, who will mako her appearance
in "Mile. Fifi" at the New Alhambra
Theater next Sunday night, in which
play she has made a decided hit as
the charming young wife.
Miss Evelynne received her early
education in the public schools of San
Francisco and afterward put in the
finishing touches at Snell's Seminary,
Oakland. She went on the stage at the
age of 16, this being her sixth season
in the profession. Her first appear
ance was at the State Fair, In which
she cleared off a debt of JBCXJO for that
Institution. She then joined the Gris
mera In "Humanity," in which she
appeared here four years ago. In
"Mile. Fin" the talented actress has
scored the crowning hit of her career
and has won favorable mention from
every dramatic critic who has seen the
play' In the New York production
Miss Evelynne appeared in the char
acter for many continuous perform
ances.
DODGE'S RECORD
ON POLL TAXES
IS UNENVIABLE
Public Funds Paid for
the Collections.
♦
A Assessor Dodge's poll tax com- <£
«> missions $16.273 68 <S>
>«> Assessor Dodge's Ealary 4,000 00 <$>
■*> Assessor Dodge's Income, one <«>
* year 20,273 58 <$>
*. Increase In commissions 3.E34 58 <«>
<$> Net poll tax collections 92,217 00 <$>
• ■ Net average for preceding four <£*
<8> years 72.0n 00 ♦
<,:> Increase In net poll tax collec- ■*>
| tions 20." 000 ♦
<$> Total of Dodge's collections.... 108,490 58 ■$>
<$> City's share or total collections. 20.257 74 <S>
•«» Dodge's share as above 16,273 58 <$>
<«, City's share of Dodge's In- <$>
<♦> creased collections 4.430 80 <$>
£> Dodge's share as above 3.554 58 <*>
i> Increase in patronage salaries.. 6,734 00 $
<s> Dodge's share of each poll tax.. 30 <•>
«> The city's share of each poll <S>
<*> tax . 87 ♦
When Mayor Pholan and Assessor
Dodge prate loudly In the hustings of
what they have done and are to do, there
Is never a word said about the wonderful
energy displayed by the thrifty Dr. Dodge
In putting money In his own hungry purse
at the expense of the people.
It has just been realized that Assessor
' Dodge has during the first fiscal year
' put $16,273 5S into his own pocket In ad
dition to his liberal salary of JMOOO, by
i breaking the record in the collection of
, poll taxes and by pocketing the 15 per
cent allowed by law for Its collection,
! meanwhile making the collection of poll
tax by salaried deputies at the expense
I of the city instead of paying them out of
■ the commissions as contemplated by law.
It is not remarkable that Phelan and
! Dodge have done no bragging about j
Dodge's poll tax record. It is not sur
prising that they have said nothing about
that little 15 per cent, worth $16,273 58 to
I Dr. Washington Dodge. That does not
appear in any way in Dodge's official re
port nor in their public speeches. The
good Mr. Phelan, watcndog of the
treasury, and by law responsible for the
i proper conduct of municipal offices,
doesn't take the public into his confidence
as to how his chief pet got away with
$16 273 58 as a reward of thrifty energy.
And Dr. Washington Dodge does not
glorify himself, in public at least, on >..e
way he made every mother's son "pony
!up his little $2 in order that ne might
1 pocket SO cents, while the city treasury
got 37 cents. But Mayor Phelan lias
"hefted" Dr. Washington Dodge and
! found him Just the right thing.
The gist of the pretty little situation
! that is so darkly obscured to the public
I eye is that while displaying great zeal
i in collecting the most universally ..^tested
tax that the laws Impose, he felt the spur
of selfish thrift to the tune of the |
thousands mentioned because the law
! allows Assessors 15 per cent of the poll ]
taxes collected. The law contemplates
that this commission shall pay the cost
of collection. Assessor Dodge, however,
has chiefly, If not entirely, used in this !
work the regular and special deput'.es,
whose salaries are paid by the city, lhe
I wrong of this is apparent when It Is re
i membered that all poll taxes go into the
State school fund. San Francisco gets
back her share in the apportionment of
school funds, but this share is but a trifle
more than the thrifty Assessor's.
Assessor Dodge's salary bill for extra
deputies during the past fiscal year was
$79,394. the greatest in many years, and
$6784 more than the average for the pre
! coding four years. The city paid for the
whole collection.
Section 3862 reads: "The Assessor, foi
services rendered in the collection of poll
taxes shall receive the sum of fifteen per
cent: and the collector, for services ren
dered in the collection of poll taxes on
the delinquent list, shall receive the gum
of twenty-five per cent on all delinquent
poll taxes received by him."
Through the State this is understood to
mean that this commission shall cover
the cost of collection and shall not be a
bonus given to salaried officials. Asses
sor Dodge appears to assume that it is
simply a reward of merit paid by the
State for energy in keeping deputies paid
by the city at work.
"That 15 per cent is used to pay depu
ties and some of it goes to the Assessor,
as the law provides." said Dr. Dodge's
chief deputy yesterday, with an avoid
ance of details.
Salaried deputies have been collecting
poll taxes and employes of the Assessor's
office haven't heard of anybody working
there on commission.
It is understood that this has been the
practice of former Assessors and that
Dodge availed himself of a custom
that had been honored before. If he
wanted men to Coiled poll taxes at 30
cents a head he could get a regiment in a
day It would bo interesting to know how
much In salaries San Francisco's $20,287.74,
all that it gets out of $108,490.58, cost the
treasury-
When the Assessor reports the receipts
of poll tax he gives the net 85 per cent
and never says a word about commis
sions. Assessor Dodge's report for the
fiscal year IS9B-99 reads:
RECEIPTS.
i Tax on personal property (unsecured). |r,:!6. 6oß 18
[ Poll tax 82.217 00
Total $618,825 IS
His report does not contain the word
"poll tax." Again,, this $92,217 is what he
turns over to the Treasurer. It Is 85 per
cent of the total receipts, which were thus
$108,490.68. This $92,217 goes to the State
school fund. The apportionment gives
San Francisco $445,267.68 out of a total of
$2,044,029, and San Francisco's portion of
Its poll taxes is thus $20,287.74, according
to this ratio. It is a little less than 22 per
cent of 85 per cent.
Assessor Dodge's energy in collecting
poll taxes 1b shown by the following rec
ord of net poll tax receipts in San Fran
cisco for five years: 1895. $69,367; IS9&, f7i.
--21«; 1597, $72,124; 1898, $73,604; 1899, $92,217.
The average for the four years preceding
IS9B-99 was $72,077. Dodge's excess of this
average by $20,140 looks like admirable ef
ficiency until the 15 per cent is figured out
to be $16,273.58. or $3554.58 more than the
average commissions made by Assessors
In the preceding four years.
It cost Dodge $112,831.35 to run his office
one year, and In this, too, he broke a
record. Regular deputies cost as usual.
about $24,300. Extra deputies cost $79,
--394.88. For the preceding four years the
cost of extra deputies was as follows:
1895. $64,655.59; 1896, $78,977.42; 1897, $74.0: C;
1898. $72,910.
How much of this extra cost paid for
poll tax collection?
How many deputies collected poll tax
on commission?
THE SAN FliAtfClfeCO CALL, SATURDAY, .NOVEMBER 4. 1899.
MISS PEARL EVELYNNE.
How many salaried deputies collected
Poll tax?
How much is the city ahead on Dodge'i
poll taxes?
What does section 3562 of the Political
Code mean?
Where was Phelan?
Will Dodge bring his poll tax records to
the political platform?
ANOTHER OFFICER ON THE RACK
Second Lieutenant Mumford of the
Forty-Fifth to Be Examined.
It will be a week yet before any of ihe
regiments at the Presidio will get away,
as it has been decided that it is better
to keep tne men here where they can be
well drilled until they are needed in the
islands. As a consequence no transports
will sail until well along toward next
| Saturday.
Another cause for delay is found In the
examinations now pending for the fitness
of officers. Second Lieutenant E. W.
; Mumford of the Forty-fifth has been or
dered before the board that is examining
i officers from the Forty-sixth. There ni*i
! probably be other recommendations for
j examination before the regiments go, both
|as to mental and physical fitness. One of j
I these to be examined for physical fitness
I Is Second Lieutenant C. E. N. Howard
of the Forty-fifth, who has been ordered
before a board composed of Major Philip
F. Harvey, surgeon; Captain Henry A.
Shaw, assistant surgeon, and First Lieu
tenant C. B. Millhoff, assistant surgeon.
It has been reported that there are ten
of the officers of the Forty-fourth that
will also appear before the same boaid.
Captain Henry C. Fisher, assistant sur
geon, left last night for the Government
Hospital for the Insane at Washington in i
charge of eleven men from the various
! organizations that have been in the Phil- !
Ippines.
| Acting Assistant Surgeon Wiley Jj. Alhey
. has been ordered to report for temporary
duty at the general hospital at the Pre
| sidio pending his assignment to Manila, i
Policeman E. N. Boukofsky cleverly i
I captured a petty larcenist at the Presidio '
i yesterday. The man had been given a I
meal at one of the cook houses and after i
eating all he could he stowed away all
the coffee, butter and bacon he could lay i
his hands upon. He was about to get ;
away with his provender when the officer '.
. him and decided to search him on
suspicion. He fotind the 111-gotten goods j
and placed the man under arrest.
REPLY TO DR. VOORSANGER.
Holland Americans Object to His Be-
cent Criticism of the Boers.
Several days ago Rabbi Voorsanger de
livered an address on the troubles in
South Africa. His remarks concerning
the Boers have created some comment
among the Holland-American citizens of
this city. They were discussed at the
last meeting of the Netherland Society
Wllhelmina, which was largely attended.
The position of Dr. Voorsanger was at
tacked in the following resolution, which
was unanimously adopted:
Whereas, The Rev. Dr. J. Voorsanger has
expressed himself on the Transvaal Boers in
the public press as being non-progressive, in
tolerant and semi-savage.
Whereas, Such Ignorance on the part of any
American citizen would be surprising and Is
the more bo in the present Instance as the
Bald Rev. Dr. J. Voorsanger is a born Hol
lander and should have other than English
sources from which to obtain his Information.
Whereas, The Boers are as progressive as the
peculiar circumstances under which they live
will permit, as Is fully shown in their conduct
of the present war, and
Whereas. It i.= unjustifiable slander to term
the Transvaal Boers semi-savages; be it
Resolved, That we, of Holland birth, pro
test with all our strength against the Injustice
done the Boers by the Rev. Dr. J. Voorsanger,
and know them to be fully worthy of the
hearty sympathy of every enlightened man in
their present struggle for liberty and inde
pendence.
SAYS HE WAS SLANDERED.
Litigation hns been renewed between
W. A. Nevills and William EL Martin,
owners of the Rawhide mine. For some
weeks past these gentlemen have re
muined inactive, but developments prove
that this condition was only the lull be
tween the gone and the gathering storm.
Nevills came into court yesterday and
Bled suit against Martin to recover $150,
--rnngt-is for slander. In his complaint
Nevills alleges that the defendant, wick
edly and maliciously intending to injure
him in his good name and credit and to
bring him Into public scandal, notoriety
and disgrace among persons to whom he
was known and to cause, it to be suspect
ed by such persons that the plaintin* was
guilty <>f thefl and to submit him to the
pains and penalties of the law and to vex
harass; and ruin him. told various persons'
that "Nevills was a thlpf and had
stolen $300,000 from the Rawhide mine and
had s..!d stolen gold to a Chinaman and
wanted to «et back as manager of the
mine so as to steal more."
Through these alleged statements of the
defendant Nevills says that he haa been
brought Into scandal, infamy and dis
grace, as many persons still believe that
the charge of thoft Is true
County Hospital Plans.
Supervisors Aigeltinger, Collins Hol
land, Attrldge and Phelps held an in
formal disr-upsjnn yesterday rfg-ardlne the
plans of the proposed City and County
Hospital. No conclusions were arrived at
an it was expected that the board would*
be present and take up the subject as a
whole. In this connection a lot
tpr has been received by the board re
garding the nosition taken by Dr. Ellin
wood, one or the committee on award
who made a rf.-port with his colleagues'
which was regarded in the nature of a
minority recommendation. This related
to the erection of some of the wards of
the hospital on Rincon Hill in order to
avoid the fogs and other climatic condi
tions detrimental to certain classes of
disease.
Nature's Remedy for
Constipation
flTmivAdl J &ii®s
THE BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER.
Insist on Bavins the Genuine.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
NO REASON FOR
ALEXANDER TO
TARE HIS LIFE
Was in No Danger of
Being Deposed.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Nov. 3.
An inquest will be held to-morrow even
ing in the case of C. O. Alexander, who
committed suicide by drowning last night. !
In a letter written to his wife the assist
ant postmaster shows that he had on
Wednesday afternoon made up his mind
to end his life. In this letter Alexander
said that, in view of the insinuations and
rumors that were being passed around
concerning his character, he had decided
it was better to leave the scene of his
troubles.
That there was something wrong with
Alexander's work in the poatofflce is not
denied by anybody, but it was merely
backwardness in clerical work, and all as-
Bert that there is not a particle of foun
dation for any story that he was short In
his acounts.
Postmaster Friend has made a very
thorough examination of the office and
declares that Alexander was never dis
honest. _
"It is true," said Mr. Friend, "that T
counted the money in the office quite of
ten but that was my duty, and in no way
reflected upon Mr. Alexander. Nothing;
occurred yesterday to irritate Mr. Alex- |
ander who wont out as usual at noon for |
his lunch, but did not come back. As it
was, the little trouble that the inspector
found regarding the report could have
been settled up very easily, and before he
committed suicide his best friends had
undertaken to settle the matter at Wash
ington."
Postal Inspector Trwin found the ac
counts correct yesterday when Mr. Friend
made his settlement for October at tne
T'nited States Sub-Treasury. The sensa- I
tlonal report that Alexander had got j
away with a large amount of money is :
baseless Senator Stratton. Congressman |
: Metcalf and Senator Perkins, as soon as
they heard of Alexander's difficulty with
the' Postal Inspector, came to his relief
and did all they could to disprove the sto
ries that were being circulated on the
street, but Alexander was an extremely
highstrung and sensitive man and could
not live to see himself disgraced.
Senator Perkins, who recommended the
appointment of Mr. Alexander as assist
ant postmaster, said this morning that
the only trouble with the office was that |
reports'and accounts were not brought up i
!to date. This is shown by the fact that ]
I one balance sheet showed an excess of i
MOO In Alexander's favor, while another i
, one showed $700 against him. and when all j
! was settled up the accounts were found |
correct. _
"I wish to say," said Senator Perkins, !
"that the circumstances under which j
Alexander was appointed have often been \
> misrepresented. Mr. Hilborn. who was
i then Congressman, joined with me in the
; recommendation of Mr. Friend for post- 1
master I have the highest opinion of Mr.
', Friend believing him to be an honest ;
' man Mr. Hilborn also joined with me in :
i recommending Mr. Alexander, but we ex- ;
acted no pledge from Friend to appoint
Alexander."
Rev. C. M. Miel. an Episcopal minister;
1 of Sacramento, who officiated at the wed- ;
! ding of Mr. and Mrs. Alexander ten yean
' ago will conduct the funeral services at j
the residence f the deceased in East
Oakland on SunVay afternoon. The widow
i has selected the following pall bearers: ;
; A H. Small, Rudolph Spreekels, W. B.
Hamilton. E. M. Hall, Victor 11. Metcalf j
and F S. Stratton.
Postmaster Friend has temporarily
placed ex-Assistant Postmaster Mil tin in
charge of the office recently presided over
by Mr. Alexander.
ANNA BRIGGS,
ARTIST, RETURNS
OAKLAND, Nov. 8. - Miss Anna
Frances Brings, one of California's
most talented artists, Is expected
home from abroad In a few days.
She sailed from Liverpool a few days ago
and on her arrival i/i Philadelphia will
jo to New York ai>fi then start for the
West.
Miss Firings' homo-coming will be pleas
ant news for Western artists, and they
will look forward with Interest to seeing
the results of her work of the past year
abroad, for she has been painting in
Paris. London and Amsterdam.
Miss BriKKs will bring with her some
water-folors of Holland marsh scenes
this being the lino of art for which she is
most noted. She will rest a while and
then establish a studio, after which she
will exhibit some of her pictures in Jan
uary at the Hopkins Institute of Art
Two New Policemen.
Harry Wilson, stonecutter, and Charles
F. Cassidy, clerk, both 24 years of age and
natives of California, were yesterday
sworn In as policemen by Chief* Lees
THEIR FAMILY
SKELETON AT A
CRIMINAL TRIAL
Cruelty of Schmidt Is
Told in Court.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Nov. 3.
A family skeleton was unveiled at the
trial of Jacob G. Schmidt, charged with
assaulting his parents-in-law with a
deadly weapon, which was commenced
before a jury In Judge Hail's court to
day.
Schmidt, it appears, called on hiß ex
wife at the home of her parents, Mr. and
Mrs. M. F. Meinert, in East Oakland,
several Sundays ago, in the hope of ef
fecting a reconciliation. But almost on
the threshold he met his father-in-law,
and one word led to another until Schmidt
is said to have whipped out his revolver
and threatened to shoot the top of his
father-in-law's head off.
Among the very first witnesses called
was the accused man's mother-in-law,
Mrs. Johanna M. F. Meinert, who testi
fied that when Schmidt married her
daughter in 1894 the latter was not of age.
"I gave my consent." continued the wit
ness, "but I did not know Schmidt as
well then as I do now. After they had
been married about two years my daugh
ter secured a divorce on the ground of
cruelty, failure to provide and Infidelity.
But she forgave him later; they kissed
and made up. and soon married again.
About six months ago my daughter was
once more compelled to sue for a divorce.
She secured a decree, and we have re
fused to allow Schmidt to visit our house
ever since, though he has persistently
come around, insisting on being admitted,
and on one occasion he broke down a door
to get into the house.
"The last time he called, when I was
there, he shoved a revolver under my
nose and I screamed and ran away for
my life."
Tho trial will be resumed to-morrow
morning. Schmidt, it is said, will take
the witness stand in his own behalf and
promises to recite a tale of matrimonial
troubles and too murh mother-in-law.
TELEPHONE THAT WORKS
WITHOUT HELLO GIRLS
OAKLAND, Nov. 3.— The first step In
the direction of an opposition telephone
service In Oakland was taken this after
noon when Attorney Albert C. Aiken filed
articles of incorporation of the Oakland
Automatic Telephone Company, with a
stated capital stock of $350,000," of which
$500 has already been subscribed by the
following directors in sums of $100 each:
Albert C. Aiken of San Francisco, William
A. Magee, Charles B. Taylor, Samuel S.
Teller and E. C. Dozier.
The modus operandi of the automatic
telephone has already been exploited in
The Call. One of its chief features Is the
fact that each subscriber rings up the
number desired direct from his telephone,
thus the need of "central."
The new concern has taken quarters in
the Delger block and Mr. Aiken "ives the
assurance that if it receives the proper
backing in encouragement from pros
pective subscribers a plant will be put la
shortly.
HIGH SCHOOL STUDENTS
TO HAVE AN ELECTION
OAKLAND, Nov. 3.— High School stu
dents are now busy doing politics prelim
inary to the election of officers for tne
Bcbool paper on November 16. There are
always two tickets In the field, represent
ing the frats and non-frats. The Candi
da tf-s for the various offices were an
nounced to-day. They are as follows:
Representing the "frat" party, com
posed of the members and friends of the
three boy and two girl fraternities—Edi
tor, John Dllbert; first associate, Victor
Metcalf; second associate, no nominee:
third associate. Catherine Stone; fourth
associate, Sadie Alexander; president,
Ambrose Codwen; vice president, Heard
Spence; secretary, Will Jordan; treasurer
Hart Wilcox.
Representing the "non-frat" party—Edi
tor, Wallace Foster; first associate, Rob
ert Dyler: second associate, Walton Nich
olls; third associate. Marguerite Walker;
fourth associate, Reubena Jess; president,
Ed Druhe; vice president, Willy
secretary. Earl Wade; treasurer, Harry
Clough; business manager, Edwin Rust.
FOUND DEAD IN HIS BED.
Jerry Bruce, an Old-Time Stage
driver and Teamster, Dies of
Heart Disease.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 3.— Jerry Bruce, an
Old ti-arnster, who for the past ten years
has been a familiar figure about Alameda,
was foumi dead in his bed this morning
by Marcus White. Death had occurred
some time during the night from heart
disease. He had lived for about four
years alone in a little house in the rear
of Thomas White's residence, 2228 Pacific
avenue. Owing to an attack of illnesa
he had not been working since Wednes
day, but yesterday he was about. Mar
cus White went to see how he was and
found him dead. Deputy Coroner Fowler
was notified and the body was removed to
the Morgue. It is not probable that an '
Inquest will be necessary, as he had been
attended by a physician previous to his
death.
Deceased was born in Saratoga County,
New York, seventy years ago. He came
to California frn the early days of the
gold excitement and was widely known
in the mines at Virginia City and else
where as an old-time stagedrlver and
teamster. During the time he has been
in Alameda he has been engaged in haul
ing sand for plasterers. He had no rela
tives living, as far as he knew, in his
later years.
They Favor Consolidation.
OAKLAND, Nov. 3— The Golden
Improvement Club, after a lengthy dis
cussion iast night, adopted a resolution
favoring >he consolidation of the munici
palities of- Alameda, Emeryville. Berkeley
and Oakland into a city and county gov
ernment. At the same meeting the follow
ing officers were elected for the ensuing
year: Dr. A. L. Teague, president; C. A.
Chichester, vice president; F. A. Strong,,
secretary; James O'Neill, treasurer. As
delegates to the Associated Improvement
Clubs Stephen Dewing. H. T. Burns, C.
A. Chichester. Dr. Tengue and Dr. A. A.
de Puv were appointed.
Bohemians of America.
A new organization on fraternal lines
called the Bohemians of America was or
ganized in this city last June and it has
already organized the Grand Hospitium
for California and Instituted subordinate
h.ispitia in San Francisco, Sacramento,
Oakland and San Jobc These have an
aggregate of 600 members. The member
ship is limited to American citizens over
the age. of 21. It proposes to inculcate
patriotism, but "it is emphasized that pol
itics or political Americanism or political
patriotism or religion is thoroughly and
absolutely barred. Its purpose is to give
to all Its members benefits in case of sick
ness or depth and to maintain good fel
lowship, good cheer, mirth, joviality, and
have high class, refined social entertain
ments. It has adopted the name hos
pitium for lodge, and has incorporated in
its work some of the pleasing and his
torical features c( old and classic
Greece, also its customs of hospitality.
William F. Conolley is the grand record
ing host.
Mothers Discuss School Matters.
At the mothers' meeting held in the La
guna Honda School in the Sunset district
Thursday afternoon several subjects were
ably discussed, among them the proposi
tion of kindergartens and the enlargement
of children's playgrounds.
Miss Panning, one of the leading kinder
garten educators of the Pacific Coast, ad
dressed the meeting. She spoke upon the
spiritual duty of the mother to the child
as opposed to the mere physical duty.
She related how the kindergarten assisted
in the realization of an ideal motherhood.
Light refreshments were served, after
which the meeting adiourned until the
first Thursday in December.
GRAHAM AKERLY
DID NOT FILL
A CUBAN GRAVE
Legacy From Mother
Awaits Him.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Nov. 3.
Graham Akerly. son of the late Ben
jamin Akerly, pioneer rector of St. John's
| Church, who was supposed to have met
death on a battlefield of Cuba, is reported
to be alive. Old friends declare as an
incontrovertible fact that they have seen
him in San Francisco within the past few
days, and that, though he seemed much
reduced in health, he expressed no desire
to return to Oakland.
Akerly is wholly oblivious of the fact
that the estate or his mother, Catherine
Akerly, also deceased, was closed up last
] March, and that his share, a snug legacy
of several hundred dollars, has been lying
in the county treasury ever since awaiting
a claimant.
Akerly's disappearance In 1597 was
coupled with a love affair. In January of
j that year his wife, Carrie C. Akerly, sued
i him for a divorce. Owing to his absence
summons was served by publication in a
newspaper. in the following November
the divorce was granted and about that
time Akerly returned and fell in love with
| the daughter of a wealthy local merchant,
who was opposed to the match. There
: after, and about the time hostilities broke
I out between America and Spain, Akerly
disappeared for parts unknown and the
only information ever received concerning
him thereafter was to the effect that he
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
SE CURITY.
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
hear signature of /^^^^
Terr small aad as easy
to take as sugaxw
SEE Ir* a dtcd'c I FOR heaoac he- SFF
3EE CARTERS FOR DIZZINESS. SLC
/.^TTTtxTn Kittle FOR biliousress. r _. TmlT .
GENUINE bivfr for torpid liver. GENUINE
M p|!|"S FOR CONSTIPATION.
WRAPPFR H m " FOR SALLOW SKIN. WRAPPFR
VYKArrLK iroRTHECOMPLEXIoa V**™**
"F^IIsTTEID ON RED PAPER."
BAILROAD TRAVEL.
r .^
CALIFORNIA LIMITED
Santa Fe Route.
The fastest train, running over the best rail-
road, with the highest class accommodations.
Connecting train leaves San Francisco at
6:00 p. m.
MONDAY. WEDNESDAY. FRIDAY, SATURDAY,
Arriving in Chicago at 2:15 p. m.
FRIDAY, SUNDAY, TUESDAY. WEDNESDAY.
OVERLAND EXPRESS
Every day In the year. Pullman Palace and
Upholstered Tourist Cars leave Oakland Mole
for Denver, Kansas City, Chicago and the East
5:30 p. m.
VALLEY ROAD
Between Stockton, Fresno, Hanford, Visalla,
Tulare and Bakersfield, furnishes good local
train service.
1 San Francisco office, 628 Market St., telephone
Main 1631.
Oakland office. 1119 Broadway.
Sacramento office, 201 .1 street.
San Jose office. 7 West Santa Clara street.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN El. CO.
LjEJSSIDH]
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Perry, Foot «< Market 6«.
! s^o^ f^ :85 .
'} U»' 6:3 ° p> m - Thursdays -Extra trip
at i l , : ?°,P- m ' Saturdays-Extra trips at 1:60
and 11:30 o. m.
; BUN-DAYS-? : 00, S:SO. 11:00 a, m.; 1:30, 3:30.
6:00. «:20 d. m.
__ SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-€: 10, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45.
3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:68 and 6:35 p. m.
BUKDAYS-«:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40, 5:05. i
*:K d. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
Mffle schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
— — October 15,
Week Bun- 1899. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination days. Days.
T:3O am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 pmj 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:06 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
I Fulton,
J f :30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg>
Lytton,
Geyservllle,
! /tOpn 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:22 pas
T:3O am Hopland and
8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
T:*o am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:25 pm
1:30 pm • . 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 km Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
K:lopm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
1:30 pm 6:00 pm | 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs: at Geyservllle for Skaggs
Springs; at Clr.verdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs.
Kelseyville, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Sprints. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter .Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's,
Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights, HullviUe, Orr's I
Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg,
Westport, I sal. Wlllltts, Laytonville. Cum- i
mlng: s. Bell's Springs, Harris, Ol9en's, Dyer, i
Scotia and Eureka. :
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re- I
duced rates.
On Sunday round trio tickets to all point* '
beyond San Rafael at half rntes.
' Ticket Offices, 650 Market St.. Chronicle bids. I
M. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager Qen. Pass. Agent.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary, j
625 KEARXY ST. Established
I In I*3* for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
i disease wearing on bodyand mind and
.Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
others fall. Try him. Charges low
Ifurrtcaaranleed. Callorwrlta
in HO*. Box 1937. San Francisco '
had enlisted as a soldier at Tampa. Fla.,
and was en route to Cuba. Then all
trace of him was lost and he was given up
for dead.
Friends were in San Francisco to-day
looking him up with the intention of ap
prising him of the legacy.
SUIT RECALLS GEORGE
EARL'S DISAPPEARANCE
OAKLAND, Nov. 3.— Augusta Rohrbach,
by her attorney. Fred L. Button, filed suit
in the Superior Court this afternoon
against ex-Councilman George J. Earl to
foreclose a mortgage given by Earl la
September, 1895, for $1500, and on which
but $300 has been paid.
The suit recalls the mysterious disap
pearance of Earl a few months ago, after
he had sold out his saloon on Thirteenth
street to another ex-Councilman, Wil
liam Watkinpon. Though Karl has nine'
been reported at Los Angele.s. nothing au
thentic has been learned of his where
abouts, and his wife is now said to be in
quite straitened circumstances.
Mrs. Rohrbach's mortgage covers five
lots of the Warner Tract in Brooklyn
Township and she asks judgment for $120' •
with interest at 10 jer cent trom February
7 last, together with $14 46 taxes paid and
$150 for attorney's fees.
Mary Murphy's Estate.
OAKLAND, Nov. 3.— The annual report
and account of Special Administrator Vic
tor H. Metealf in the estate of Mary Mar
garet Isabelle Murphy, deceased, shows
that since February last he has disbursed
in payment of taxes, insurance, etc.,
$24,106, of which $19,000 was on the prin
cipal of a note held by R. F. Deane, and
the administrator's and attorney's fees
are $2625. The report shows cash on hand
belonging to the estate of $72,502.
Galleano Insane.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo.. Nov. 4.-Pietro Gal
leano, the well-known barytone, with the
Lombard! Italian Grand Opera Company,
went suddenly Insane last night and Is a
raving maniac. He will be sent to the
asylum to-day.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
KOKTHKBN PACIFIC COMPANY.
(PACIFIC BVHTEM.)
Train* l*n?»> :»ml »»!•«• «lii«< (o m-i-M «« lit
. NAN FKAN«'IS«O.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
leave " — From October 29, 1899. — arkivi
•7:OO\ Benicla, Snlsun and Sacrameuto . . . *7i43p
•7:OOa MarysTille. OrOTllle Tia Woodland,
Elniira, Vacavillo ami Ruaiscy. .. »7: 13 p
•~:OOa Shasta Express— Davis, Willows,
Red Bluff; Portland »7:45p
•7:»Oa Martinez, .SaQltanion. Vallejo. Napa,
Calintoga ami Santa Rosa •0:1.'5p
•S:«Oa The Overland Limited— Ogden.
Omaha, Chicago •3:18?
*HiSIOa San .lose, Livermore. Stockton,
lone, Sacramento, ri&cenrille,
MurysviMe, Chico, lleil ItlufT Mtl.ir-
•Si»Oa •Milton, Oakdale and Honora M:l3p
•»:OOa Hayn-ards, Niles and Way Stations. # 1 I:J."» A
•OiOOa Atlantic Rxpress— Ogden and East # »i43a
•0:OOa Martinez, Tracy, Latbrop. Stockton,
Merced and Fresno • 1 2: 1
•O:««a Port Costa, Freßno, Mojave and Los
Ansel™ «6:45p
•IO:OOa Vallejo, Martinez nnd Way Stations *7:ir)p
•11:OOa Ilaywatds, Niles and Way Stations. *2:15p
MiSiOOM Niles, LiTerraore, Stockton, Sacra-
meiito, Meudota, Ilaoford, Viaalla,
TcrterTille M:l3*
fliOOp Sacramento Hiver Steamers |H:OOp
•3:OOp wards, Niles and Way Stations. *a:4I»P
*4:00p Martinez, Han lUmon, Vallejo,
Napa, CalißtnKß, Santa llosa *I>ilsa
•4:«»plJenicla. Vacavil'e, .Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing,
Marysvillo, Oro»llle •lOi4Ba.
•4iBOp Niles, Han. T oho and Stockton *7:18»
*3:OOpTho Owl Limited— Tracy, Fresno.
Bakersfleld. Saugus for Santa liar-
bara; Los Angeles *O:4l».v
•5:»Op Stockton. Merced. Fresno »iail3p
•3:'Jop Fresno, llakersliel<l. Hanta Barbara,
Los Angeles, Dcming, El Paso,
New Orleans and East •8i45a j
•3i3or Santa Fa Koule— Atlantio KxpreßS
forMojaTo and Hast •«:43p
•O:OOp Haywards, Niles ami Han Jose •7i4. - »a
t«:3or Vallejo •! 8: 1 Up
•0»ao v Oriental Mail— Ogaen and East •S:.'»Op
17:00p Vallejo, Port Costa and Way .Sta-
tions.... J9issf
•BiO3i> Oregon and California l!x|irp«s,Hac-
rarueuto, Marjavllle. Itedillug,
Portlmiil. PiiKot .Soiiml ami Hast *8il»4
COAST DIVISION (Narroir <<ango).
1 (Foot Market Street.) ___^
•Bil3ANevrark.(;eutcrTillc,hiaiiJose,FeltOD,
Boulder Creek, ta Ontz and Way
Stations »3i00»
fa>l3p Newark, Centervllle, San Jose, New
AlmadeD, Feltou, Boulder CrMk,
I Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stctlous fIOiSOA
■ •4tl3p Newark, San Jose, Los Gatos *O:-iOA,
btl:l3p Hunters' Excursion, Ban Jose and
. WayStationa -. t~:BPf
! CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rremSlN flUHOlSCO— rest of Market Street (Slip 8) —
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.M. Jl:00 •2:00 t3:00
•4:00 t5:00 *6:03r.M.
rromOllUSD— Fool orßr«»d**j.— "6:oo 8:00 I0:00a.ii.
tl2:00 "1:00 12:00 *3:00 <i:00 "s:ooi'.M.
COAST VISION (ltroail Gauge).
? (Third nnd Townaeml St».) .
iO:KK Ocean View, South Han Francisco.. i«:«Op
•7:OOa .San Jose Rml Way SUtioim (New
Alinadcn Wednesdays only) *1:30f
•»:OOa Han Jose. Tres Vinos. S»nta Crua,
Pacilic <3rOTe. Tabu ltnliles, San
l.vis Ol>l«i>o, Surf, Lompoc anil
Principal Wuy Stations »4«lOp
•lot Ml a San Jose nml Way Stations IS 1 ? 34 '
•II::ioa San Jose mnl Way fitations 'SiUOp
t'<t:43rS*n Mateo, Kcilwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. HanUOlara. Han .lose,
Tres Finos, Snnta On«. Salinas,
Monterey nn<l J'acinc Grove t!©z36A.
♦:isn«»P San .lose and Way Stations ........ «7:30p
fl:l3p San ami Principal Way Stations *»:43a.
*3 tOOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations t»:O<» a
•3::iOr> San Joss nnil Principal Way Stations •Bi»3a
•(J::i«r San .logo anil Way Stations t»:OOA
t>ll:ir>r San Jose ami Way 5tati0n5.. ....... »7:: top
A for Morning. 1' for Afternoon.
• Daily t Hundny e*c«nte<l. t Sunday only.
6 Saturday only.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Snusalito Ferry.
Commencing October 1. 18S9.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEU
WEEK DAYS— »7:OO. *S:SO. 11:00 a. m.; »l:iaL
•3:40, 6:15. 00. 8:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San R»«
fael. on Mondays. Wednesday* and Saturdays,
at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS- •10:00. ni:3o a. m.; n:«L
1:16. •4:48. «:JO, 9:00 p. m.
Train* marked <•) run to San Quentlo.
FROM BAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:2B. *«:35. 7:45. »»:40 a. i^i
•12:30. 2:15. •3:40. •5:18 p. m. *
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:18 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:«>. *t:00. 'lO^. 11:45 *, m .
•1:40. 'MS. 4:45. »«-S0 p. m. ; ■ •
■ Trains marked <•) start from San Quentla.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK PATS— S:4B. 6:45. 7:65. S:4S a. afj
J1:I6, 2:85. 8:48, 6:10 p. m. -i
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 p. m.
BUNDAYB-8:06. 10:06 a. m.; 12:05, 2:18, t-M.
t:M. «:46 P. m "^
THROTJOH TRAINS.
t:00 a. m. week day»— Cazadero and way stations.
1:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and vay Btatlona.
%:¥) a, m. Bupdays— and way nation^
ROUNT TAMALPAI3 SCENIC RAILWAY
L«ave SAn Francisco via iSausallto Ferry-
Commencing BUN DAT. October I. 18M.
WEEK DAY*- 9:3U a. m. and 1:46 p. ta. ;
BUN DA B.OO. 10.00 a. m. and 1:15 p. m. •
lan B F. to Surrmlt and Return, II 40.
IUUa. COOK & BOW, Agts., 621 Market
1112
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
P T 'PTVKRP OFT"TC_ of The Ban Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Thin! streets, open
ur.Ul 12 o'clock every nlcht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
SOO Hnyes Etreet: open until 9:30 o'clock.
McAllister street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
OS Lnrkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
10f> Eleventh str^t; open until 9 o'clock,
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
.-n until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M.— •
Called meeting THIS (SATURDAY)
EVENING, at 7:3() o'clock. First de- >£_X
gre*. C. D. BUNKER, Secretary, /^r^
BPECIAL meeting — A special meeting of the
stockholders of the OCCIDENTAL BEET
SI GAR COMPANY will be held at the office
of the company, 327 Market st., In the City
and County of San Francisco. State of Cali-
fornia, on SATURDAY, the l«th day of No-
vember, 1899, at 11 o'clock a. m., for the pur-
pose of considering a proposition to disin-
corporate the company.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: R. W. KING, sixth floor Chron-
icle building; no advance charges; all cases;
estates, mortgages, damages, collections,
bankruptcy, wills, etc.. drawn: moderate
fees; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, Si" Market, cor. Stocktn.
NOAH F. FLOOD. 935 Market St.. opp. Mason;
consultation free; moderate fees.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels building. 927
Market; consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St., opp. Mason.
BICYCLE PAIRS-
THOS. H. B. VARNET, Market and Tenth.
RAMBLER AND IDEAL BICYCLES.
REPAIRING A SPECIALTY.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
EDDY, 123— United States Hotel; rooms $1 50
w««k up, with board $5 CO; suit for two with
board, $12; board, $4 week; meals, 25c: ele-
vator runs all night.
A NEW family hotel, (> 7 California St.. occu-
pyins corner opposite Grace Church.
"BELGRAVIA." Polk and Clay— Sunny suites;
best board: for 2. $45 up; single. $20.
HILL. 12H— Two nicely furnished sunny front
rooms, with board; private.
O'FARRELL; 742— Large sunny front rooms;
good home cooking: also single rooms, $20 up.
CHEAPEST and l>est in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pares, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
HOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
WANTED— Baby for adoption by charitable,
lonely lady from Seattle; would care for
mother in confinement. Address, In confi-
dence, box 2978, Call office.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Book Co.. :r.4 Mission st. . n»nr Third.
BOOTS AN.> SHOES.
CHILDREN'S shoes, 50c; boys' coin lace shoes,
Ssc; ladles' shoes, $1 up; men's dress shoe*,
$1 25; send for price list, People's Shoe Store, |
I>3 Stockton St., .near Broadway. .
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— s3so; MILLINERY store across the bay; fine
Ft..' and good trade, with lease; rent $10; 1
living rooms; sickness caus» of sale. R. G.
WILKE, 906 Market St.
A- 51*." SALOON in wholesale district; establ.
years and doing a good paying business; no I
night or Sunday work; rent $50. Call K. U. j
WILKE. 90S Market st. ;
A— SI7S— BRANCH bakery with furniture of 2 j
rooms; Polk st. Call WILKE, 806 Market st. I
$500— BRANCH bakery and stationery; Western
Addition, close to schoolhouse; furniture of
living rooms included; sickness of owner cause
of sale; bargain. R. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
A— $SOO— SALOON, with clubrooms, 1 block from
corner Market and Powell sts. ; rent $4-;
splendid paying business; a bargain. R. _. !
WILKE, 806 Market st. |
A— 5250; BRANCH bakery and stationery store;
on Union fX. ; living room; cheap i^nt; good
business. Call R. G. WILKE. MS Market Kt.
DAY saloon, established years; daily receipts
about $C 0; a long lease; only first-class cus-
tom; a chance of a lifetime: investigate at
once. R. _. WILKE. 906 Market st.
j
$110')— SALOON: estab. 30 yrs. ; Grant aye., nr. j
Suttfr; splendidly paying; large place to open ;
dancehall. Call R. G. WILKE, 906 Market. |
$7ro— PARTNER In entirely novel enterprise;
1 already achieved grand success in city; will
prove simply a mint as regards future; whole
investment go toward enlargement of scope of
concern; ref. best people of State; applicant
must have gen. bus. ability. M. Lees, 763 Mkt. :
—$175— SALOON, one block from Market •■ ;
12 rooms; rent low; good fixtures; paying
place; worth $300. M. LESS. 765 Market st. j
50 BUYS good-paying branch bakery; $300 j
buys ni<e corner grocery: list of business j
propositions, bought, sold and exchanged;
loans negotiated. EITEL, 1008H Mark I st.
51— PARTNER wanted; light indoor business".
MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 777»4 Market St.
M6O RESTAURANT; good paying business.
Mclaughlin & co.; 777^ Market st.
BAKERY notions, candy: bargain this day;
$200. COWING _ CO., 995 Market st.
BRANCH bakery, notions, candy: bargain this
day; $200. COWING & CO., 995 Market St.
♦40fi— FINE corner galoon, 1 block from Market
St.; selling account of old age; good stock;
good place. \i'r & CO., 865 Market st.
GOING East; $1200 buys a profitable grocery
and bar In Presidio district: 3 living rooms-
rent $30. WICHMAN LUTGEN _ CO., 31S
Clay st.
$500— STATIONERY and bookstore on Sixth
St.: well established, with good outside trade-
-3 living rooms; rent $1S: cause of selling,
sickness In family. Box 650, Call.
FOR sale— Half interest in a dairy business:
horses, wagons, '";:;■•• routes, good store trade-
a fine chance of a lifetime; sickness the only
reason for selling. Apply 147 Fifth st.
A CHANCE of a lifetime; a partner with $300
in a restaurant. Bos 925, c ii office.
FRUIT and vegetable route for sale cheap;
.iroco" opportunity. £2."-27 Guerrero st.
BARBER shop: reasonable: first-class trade'
proper location; party going Kast. 796 Geary.'
FOURTH. 808- A 20- room house well furnished-
good paying house; good location.
FOR sale— Grocery and bar. 1652 Folsom st
cor. Twelfth; price $300.
CANDY store— Sacrifice; cause departure
. ROTHSCHILDS & EHRENPFORT, 118
Front st.
WELL-PAYING dairy business; centrally lo-
cat<*i; at a bargain; must be sold within 10
da>s. Box 2524. Call office.
WANTED— Partner, $250, half Interest patent
used on all steamers: valued $50 000 Box
' t26. Call.
FOR sale Restaurant; business and location
good: rent cheap. 1941 Market st.
FINE grocery and bar for sale. 1601 Devjea-
■ dero st.
TO let-Butter and egg stall in Grand Western
Market. 1312 Polk st. Inquire at stalls 1-2.
BIG bargain; Z-cnalr shop cheap if sold th's
m.s
week. Box 2SS9. Call office.
RUSHING business for 10c or l.'c restaurant at
your own price: complete order. 207 Second st
$2500—1 WANT a good honest partner wit--
this amount, In an established office business
handling articles of great m»rlt and universal
demand; I hold the exclusive vii;in for bi\U
and manufacturing of these goods In th»
• United State? and Canada; I need help; splen-
did profits; I have $2000 worth of goods on
hand; wish to advance the business Box
2"6. Call office.
FOR Bale at sacrifice; retiring from business;
wholesale and retail store, established 26
year*; suitable for wholesale and retail gro-
cery or drug store or hotel; can he rented
separate; long lease if desired. GEO. MON-
NIER. 1153 Howard, bet. Seventh and Eighth.
RELIABLE German girl wishes position at
second work or housework; small family; n
children. Apply i-" Turk st.
FIRST CLASS French liquor store; established
23 years ago; horse, wagon, cellar, etc. 1401
Powell st. ___^
PRIVATE house; 15 rooms: 20 regular boarders;
north of Market. Box M, Call office.
BLACKSMITH and wagon business for kale or
to let- long established; best section of the
State.' C. B. STEANE. Pleasanton.
CASH grocery business In Stockton; stock at
market rates; about $2500 capital required. Ad-
dress box 87::. Call.
FOR sale-Grocery and bar: fine location; good
cash trade: on account of going East. Ad-
dress box 2SS7. Call office. ■
TO £-11 your business quick see SCHOTTLER
_ CO.. Market et.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
$2500— One of the best located drug stores In
the city, clearing $:-00 per month; selling on
account of ether business. Address L. _
box 544, Call office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
I W. CAS WELL & CO.'S. 412 Sacramento st.
FOR sale cheap, en account of other business-
Good paying laundry route. Box 721. Call.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at tne
northwest corner of Twenty-second and K.en-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS. ~
s=^E^p~bucg?raln-oßt new; business buggy,
new- business wagons, new. suitable for dry
goods stores: rockaway. S2S' Harrison St.
CANOPY surrey, runabout and top buggy, new.
I cheap. O'BRIEN'S. 500 Gulden Gate aye.
i FOR sale— 2 bakery wygens. one __y: cheap.
649 Park aye.. Kast Oakland.
' ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
I etc.. cheap. EG AN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
100 SETS second-hand harness: wagons, carts,
I buccies. surreys and hor«es. H" r..»cm st.
i CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
I WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to Si'AULDING'S Pioneer Carpet- j
beating Works, :!53-357 Tehama st.: tel. S. 40.
CITY Steam Carpet beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr., 3S-40 Sth St.: tel. South 250.
I J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.. |
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 225: lowest rates.
i ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
| tel. Main 3M. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. i MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th !
St.; cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye. : tel. East 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing: a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR,
Agent. Office ar>a factory, 21 Spear st.
CLAIRVOYANTS AM) M IKII I ALIS.M.
■MRS. DR. CLARK,
the well-known trance medium and clair-
voyant, may be consulted on all affairs of
life. While entranced she will reveal every
hidden mystery; she will show you how to
overcome your enemies: remove family trou-
bles- restore lost affections; unite the sepa-
rated; recovers lost, stolen or burled prop-
erty; locates treasures and minerals; tells j
your entire life, past, present and future,
while in a perfect trance; perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail; send stamp for circular
with special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK,
205 Turk st. Home Sundays and evenings.
MRS. .1. J. WHITNEY, the celebrated test
medium, life reader and medical clairvoyant;
sittings, $1: diagnosis free; 'new method'
treatment for chronic, private, obscure dis-
eases; send stamp for circular. 232 Stockton.
MME. MELBOURNE, gifted clairvoyant: never
; falls; satisfaction guaranteed; hours. 1:30 to 5 ■
p. m.. 7-10 p. m. ; L.. 25c; G.. fiOc. 6i2'»j Eddy. I
MM>: A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller: best advice in difficult mat-
ters. i Hayes St.. room 7. second floor. i
' MRS BURS! 245 Fourth st.. Nnpoleon card j
reader and sympathy healer: prices reasonbie. j
MME HANSON, palmistry, 10c: card reader; i
past, present, future; 2", c. 14S Sixth St., r. 12.
MME SYBILLE— CradIe to grave: future hus- '
band's picture. 2.-.c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MME MOREAU, the best medium and card;
reader: -".■ up. 73 Fourth st.. near Mission.
EDWARD EARLE. independent siatewriter, j
330 Fills st.; seance Scottish Hall, Sun. night, j
CATHERINE DEAN, wonderful scientific !!f<> i
and card reader. 959 Howard. cor Cth. office 23. I
: URS C J MEYER. 3"."i McAllister; readings; (
I test meetings 10c; circles, -;sc; dally, 2. ■ P m. j
i MM X AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and j
palmistry. 25c: truth or no pay. 1149 Mission, j
\ MME SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
: sitting- dally. 212K Sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads lite fluently; business
advice: names niven: 25c up. 5 Fourth st. ■
PROF. Gee- Medium; read's. Z*c. ' test circles ,
Tiip^ . ThurF.. Fri.. - rt. m.. inc. 10?.*> M^-kft.
CLINIC
' CALIFORNIA Medical College. 1422 Folsom;
fren mertlonl and surg. treatment; !• to 12 m.
■_ . _ i;
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un- j
Icpc puocfwful. Room VI. f i?7 Marl •■• *t.
COTT v:.!:> TO 1 1.1.
MODERN cottage of 7 rooms and bath. 2521
I Bush st. ' . " '
I REAR cottage; 3 rooms and bath; $8. 610 Cas-
i tro st. Jo-ROOM
' o-ROOM real cottage. 1 Larkln ice, off Lar- j
kin St.. bet. Kills and O'Farrell.
DENTISTS. .
lA— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors, 92/ ,
' Market St.. over Cafe 7Jlnkand— Teeth rait-
! Ed without pain by the use of elertricity, gas j
j or chloroform; also by local anaesihetlcs ap- |
' plied to the gums; the best and most artistic |
i o.ontal work at reasonable prices pure gold
I fillings from $1 up; other fillings from , 0c; |
badly decayed te<Hh carefully treated and '
filled or crowned without pain; plates that lit j
from $4 60 up; flesh colored plate from $3 60
up; teeth without plates a specialty; i pen
evenings and Sundays. I
A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry.
Synoi. on application to the gums, removes
the pain: see our flesh colored piat<»s, thinner
nnd stronger than rubber; warranted for 20 |
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate: (tilings, 50c: crowns, $3 ."0; pUitfs, ;
I full set, $5: all work painless and warranted. I
. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st. |
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, SOS Mar- j
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can i
! have your extractions done painlessly; teeth i
without plates our specialty; gold crowns, !
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $1 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays, 9 to 2 ■
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns; $2: bridges, $1;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received S first
prizes: no students: guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH extracted free; the best work; the low-
est prices: all work warranted and painless:
teeth without plates i specialty. Modern
Dental Parlors, 1208 Market, cor. Golden Gate.
DR. LtJDLUM HILL, 1443' Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable: gas given.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; _uarantee "10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators; no students 997 Market Bt
SET of teeth without plate. DR. 'H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk St.
MEYER— Deutscher ZJahnarrt, 8 Turk; let-class
work: prices reas.; gas; crown & bridge work.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.. R graduate opera-
tors: open evenings and Sundays. S5O Market. !
PARIS Dental Parlors, 236 Kearny, cor. Bush;
full set teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 25c.
LOWEST prices in S. F. ; work warranted 10
years. N. V. Dentists. 9C7 Mission, cor. c.th.
DRESSMAKERS AN D SEAMSTRESS
— .
I S. F. Dressmaking, -sidles' Tailoring parlors;
J French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking, tS7 Geary: dresses
made $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post.over O'Connor *• M< ffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
MR. and MRS. W. F. VIM..- bave returned
from their vacation and resumed personal su-
pervision over'Ayres' Business College; new
and progressive methods in all branches; the
only school in the city having the right to
; use the practical Budget system of bookkeep-
ing; life scholarship $60; send for catalogue.
HEALD'B Business College, 24 Post St.. S. F.;
practical courses in bookkeeping, shorthand, :
typing. languages, telegraphy, English j
brandies, civil, electrical and mining engi- :
neering, etc.; new 80-page catalogue free.
MISS M. G. BARRETT is unable to fill ail de-
rnnnds for her shorthand graduates arid de-
: s.ips more pupils; lessons personally and by
mall. 3C2 Montgomery st.
MISS M. G. BARRETT Is unable to fill all de-
I mar.ds for her shorthand graduates and de-
i sires more pupils: lessons personally and by
mall. 302 Montgomery st.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 3236 Market St.
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical, mining,
roech., survey, assay, Arch!.; day and even.;
est. ISC4. VAN PER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
FRENCH. Spanish, etc., Prof, de Fillippe's
Academy of Languages. 320 Post: r.blest profs.
LAW schools. 527 Market. S. F.. and 905 Broad-
way. Oakland; day and night; con-«epondence.
PROF. MERKI'R mandolin club resumes Nov.
2; new members welcome; ref. 1008 Mission.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busi-
nets College. 305 Larkln st., opt). City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th. i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 4, 1899.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE Information Bureau; Japanese and
Chinese help: housecleaning. 421 Post; tele-
phone Main 1956. '
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Putter; tel. Black 1321.
FIELD'S Employment Agency— Help furnished
free. C 55 Clay St.; phone Davis S2l.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. OAK I, 30 Geary st. ; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
SAM KEE. 513 Bush St.; best Chinese help fur-
nish* promptly. Telephone Red 1531.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pases, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
i . "-inure raid _^^^^^^^^^^^^^
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
GIRL wishes a position at general housework
in an American family; i years' references;
wages $20. Call at 40S Seventh st. .
WANTED— By 2 friends, positions as working
housekeeper and assistant; fond of children.
Call or address 20&',_ Ellis st.
RESPECTABLE young woman wishes position
in respectable family at second work or
housekeeping. Call 671 Fulton st,.. before 12.
POSITION by middle-aged woman; good house-
keeper: reference; wages $20. Apply 60S Jones
St., near Geary. _______
WOMAN with a child wishes a position to do
cooking. 961 Mission st.
RESPECTABLE German woman (Protestant)
wishes situation as working housekeeper or
work by the day; no .-.b.'ectlon to country. |
Address LOUISA BROWN. Ftation M. P. O ,
city.
WANTED— middle-aged lady wishes
position as companion for widowed or in-
valid lady; references. Address MRS. M.,
1714 Polk st. -
SWEDISH girl wishes position as conk; is
first-class; wages $30; best references. 413
Jones st. *
WANTED— Position by first-class laundress In
private family; day work preferred. 211
Minna st. ____________—_—————.
YOUNG woman wishes any kind of work dur-
ing the day. C. P., box 927. Call.
BY an intelligent woman, a situation as nurse,
by the week or month; first-class references;
or as housekeeper with charge of invalid. Ad-
dress box 910, Call office.
EXPERIENCED reliable nurse wants some en-
gagements; would receive patients in her
home; good references. Address Nurse, 47A ;
Clara St.. bet. Third and Fourth, Folsom and ;
Harrison. I
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar- |
ket; 200 rooms: 26c to $150 night; $150 to $3 |
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry. i
A RESPECTABLE Danish lady wishes posi-
tion as housekeeper; city or country. Address
A. 8.. box 2937. Call.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
Kp.cia st.
EMPLO VMENT WANTED — MALE.
SITUATION wanted by active and Industrious
elderly man to do Choree and make himself j
generally useful; understands care of horses
and driving: good milker and plain gardener;
reference. L. L.. box 934, Call.
WANTED— Position as clerk in cigar or notion
store by experienced young man; references. !
Address C. E. STEINAGEL. Alan:-. in.
AN all-around handy man wishes position Fri- I
day and Saturday of each week; references, j
etc. Box 2'.'X\ Call office. !
SITUATION by young man as carpenter
helper; have my own tools. Box 932. Call.
YOUNG man, 24. seeks situation: used to
horses. G. CLARK, 7.'3 Harrison st.
A — A — $50 OFFERED by competent accountant |
and salesman for information leading to per-
manent position at reasonable compensation.
Address box 2997. Call office.
WOULD like job watching day, night; any j
ice of trust; reference or security; 10 years
last ice. G. W. 1... 12C2'4 Larkln st.
HOUSE cleaning and washing windows: all
kinds of domestic work by day, week or
month. 523 Jessie st.
PAINTER wants light work in hotel or lodg- j
ing-house for the winter: handy with tools:
small wages. Box 2992, Call office.
JAPANESE, good and honest boy. wishes post-
tion as school boy or other work. S. X., box ;
928, Call of fie*.
BARBER wants steady Job for evenings. Sat-
urday and Sunday. Box 2553, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a young man with good
moral habits as clerk in men's furnishing de-
partment: best of recommendations furnished.
J. E. L.. 745 Lagunn. Bt.
CHINESE cooks and laundrymen, first-class, ■
wish situations. Address HUIE JUN.G, 1117',
Stockton st. l
WANTED— Position as head gardener by a
Scotchman, 26 years; first-. •' experience;
11 years in th» States; reference Urst-class. ;
Address box 2SIB, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook in private family;
good reference; wages $35. Call 915 Stockton
St.. room 1. |
JAPANESE wants situation; wishes to attend I
s.-hool : ges no object. ICATO, 533 Sixteenth !
st., Oakland. j
COMPETENT bookkeeper, cashier and corres-
indent with many years' experience In 1
wholesale business wishes position; excellent
city refs. Address Ledger, box 2517, Call.
RELIABLE man wants situation in general
merchandise cr grocery store: will work cheap
to learn the business; good driver; references. i
Address I. M. E.. 727 Bush d.
GARDENER . (German)., competent, reliable, ;
handy and useful, wishes situation in private
family, city or country; understands the care
of hoi s«f, cows, chickens: references. Box
2930, Call. j
SITUATION wanted by competent man on a
small ranch; understands fruit. general farm-
ing, poultry and vegetable raising; references.
Address box 8977, Call office.
JAPANESE, young honest boy. wants position
at housework and waiting. Y. SHIGEDOMI,
box 952. call office.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
BARBER wants steady Job for evenings, Sat-
urday and Sunday. Box 2553. Call.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and '•
subscriptions has been established nt 1096 Va- I
lencia st. * :
EXCHANGE.
GOOD renting Oakland property for ranches.
■T. H. EPSON. 1209 Broadway, Oakland.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician.
1071V4 Market St.. San Francisco: exam. free.
FLATS TO LET.
CASTRO. 640— Elegant modern sunny flats,- 6 j
rooms, bath; basement; yard; nearly new; $IS.
CLAYTON, 872. south of Frederick — Modern
sunny flat: 5 rooms and bath: reasonable.
DESIRABLE sunny upper flat; modern; 10
rooms and reception hall. 1246 Waller. 100 feet
from Masonic aye.
FLAT hunting: made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN _ HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
FOUR rooms and bnth; marine view; $18. 24 !
. Reed st.; key at 1325 Washington st. j
GEARY, 1917— $18; 4 furnished rooms; bath;
toilet; 2 beds; 2 stoves; gas and coal.
HANDSOME middle flat of C rooms and bath.
736 Fourteenth st., near Market.
NINETEENTH, 4056, east of Castro— Modern
sunny flat; 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
TO LET— A beautifully furnished modern flat
- of 7 rooms and bath, at 3011 A California st. ;
rent very reasonable. Apply at 2823 Jackson.
NE. COR. Nineteenth and Noe sts.— Lovely !
sunny upper modern 5-room flat; porch and
Storeroom; $16; water free.
SUNNY flat of 6 rooms, and bath. 1412 Califor-
nia St.. near Hyde.
FLATS WANTED.
WANTED— Furnished flat of 2 or 3 rooms for
housekeeping; good location; near Golden
Gate Park; piano, bath and closets; all pri-
vate; reasonable rent. Address 3CB Clemen- •
tina Ft. j
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, all sizes, $2 90-
-heavy matting. 10c per yard; 30x60 Inch rugs!
$1. Eastern Outfitting Co., 1310-1312 Stockton
St., near Broadway: open evening.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market!
FURNITURE WANTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 MlFslon~st~~p_ys
the highest price for your 2d-hand furniture.
"WANTED— $5000 carpets, furniture, etc. ; highest
price paid; postal. M. Sllversteln, 1121 Market.
FIRRIKRs, FURS. Kit'
ELECTRIC seal capes. Astraka^i yokes, $10 to
$30. ROBT. WALLACE, 115 Kearny, top floor.
HELP WANTED AGENTS.
AGENTS everywhere to sell map of the battle-
fields in the Philippines; 46x64 inches in six
colors, showing all the movements of Eighth
Army Corps. Write for particulars to P. E.
LA MAR. 21 First st., San Francisco.
AGENTS wanted for Eastern specialties; call
after 4 p. m. P. C. M. A.. 76. Flood bide-
HELP Wanted— FEMALE.
WANTED— cook $35; 2 German wait-
resses and parlor maid, $25; 3 nurses. Ger-
man and Irish, $20 and $25; 2 cooks for 3 in
family, Berkeley, see lady this forenoon, $25
and $30; 2 laundresses hotel and laundry, $25:
6 waitresses city and country, $20; second
cook for coffee house and restaurant, $5 50 a
week; a large number of girls for housework
for city and country $20 and $25. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT _ CO., 316 Sutter St.
NURSE girl, care of one child, lady stopping
at Palace Hotel $20 (sleep home), references,
see party here at 10:30; nurse girl for 2 child-
ren; 20 girls for housework, $20. $25; 20 wait-
resses, $20, city and country: chambermaid,
$15, first-class hotel; 3 laundresses, city and
country. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
COOK for boardingT-house, $30. FEILD-S, 655
Clay st. .
WANTED— cook and second girl, $30 and
$25. for small family; references required.
Address A. 13., box 33, Ross Station. Marln
County.
WANTED— A neat German or Scandinavian
girl for general housework; wages $15. Ap-
ply 904 Filbert st.
WANTED— Young girl !to assist waiting at
tables; $4. 680 Fourth st.
LADIES' cloaks, suit, $1 ocr week. Eastern
Outfitting Co., 1306 Stockton, nr. Broadway.
WANTED— about 14 to do light house-
work. 21 Franklin st.
ELDERLY woman for light housekeeping;-
sleep home. Apply after 10. 1103 Stevenson st.
GIRL to do housework, assist plain cooking;
$15. 1121 St^iner st.
GIRL wanted for general housework; refer-
ences required. 221 Sanchez st.
YOUNG girl for general housework; $12 to $15.
607 Third St., after 9.
WANTED— GirI who is experienced paster and
bookbinder. Apply 141 Fremont st.
YOUNG Rlrl to assist In light housework. 2013
Baker st. vC!. j
WANTED— Trustworthy nurseglrl, 14 to 1C
years old. 2710 California St.
WANTED— for light housework; good
home. 801 Hayes st.
GIRL for shooting gallery: call 12 a. m. 421
Dupont st.
— — —
GOOD waitress at 7 Taylor St.; $6 per week.
SEVERAL ladies to work at home: light and
profitable employment. Room Si, 916 Market.
APPRENTICES on shirts and overalls: paid
while learning. Standard Shirt Factory.
Gough and Grove sts.
WANTED— First-class waist finisher, cloak-
' makers and skirt finishers. Only first-class
hands need apply at 1200 deary st., from 7:30'
P. m. . ";-■-': :' •';
GERMAN girl wanted for general housework.
2327 Bush st.
WANTED — Young girl for housework. 214
Hyde st.
GIRL to assist in light housework; $10, car
fare extra; sleep home. 1108 Fulton St.
WANTED— First-class skirt hands. FRANCES.
796 Sutler st.
WOMEN and girls wanted to sew on buttons.
S6Va Fremont st. ; take elevator.
WANTED— A good waist hand. Apply at 609
Taylor st.
WANTED— ladies who want to make $12 a
week. Call 114 Jones st.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School gives a
thorough, artistic course. 103 Post st.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
MURRAY &: READY PHONE MAIN 5843
LEADING EMPLOYMENT AND LABOR
AGENTS.
WE SHIP YOU FREE. ...RAILROAD WORK
LABORERS AND TEAMSTERS $2 DAY.
MURRAY & RKADY. 634 and • 18 Clay st.
CARPENTERS MECHANICAL HELP
22 carpenters, 9 months' job. north $3 day
6 carpenters, fare paid, Sawmill Co
$40 to $50 and found
harnessmaker $30 and found
tinners, wheelwrights good jobs and wages
upholsterers. $2 50 day...blockmakers, $2 50 da
CARKFULLY MURRAY _ READY,
READ THESE 634 and 636 Clay st.
TO MINES.. .NO EXPERIENCE REQUIRED
23 laborers (you will suit).. soo, $40, $35 and fd
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay at
TO SAWMILLS WE PAY YOUR FARES
193 laborers $26 and $40 and found
crosscut pawyera, bark peelers, millmen,
woodsmen woodchoppers, tlemakers, picket
makers. $50, $40, $30 and found; $2 50, $2, $150.
$1; cord, 9c. 10c. lie, I2c each. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and C 36 Clay St.
SPECIAL "...
45 farm, orchard and dairy hands, $30, $26. $20
per month and found; 10 choremen and boys;
farmer and wife, $40; driver butcher wagon;
boys to learn trades. $15 and found: 6 stable-
men, $35, $30. $25 and found; 294 Jobs not ad-
vertised. MURRAY ft READY. 634 and 636
Clay st.
2 FOREMEN rock railroad work, $2 50 to $3 day.
working foreman for ranch $40 and found
DRILLERS QUARRYMEN ETC.
12 four-horse teamsters, fare $150 $60
19 teamsters, fare 6©C $2 and $2 25 day
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 638 Clay St.
HOTEL LAUNDRY BAKERS
2 cak» bakers, ornamentors. ..; $50
2 assistant bakers, $25 and fd; for laundries:
washers, markers, Ironers, Troy machine, $30
and found; porters, pantrymen, 6 waiters, $30,
$25, $20 and found.
19 cooks $55, $50. $4.", $85, $30 and found
12 dishwashers : $25, $20, $15 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
HARNESSMAKER, $85 fd German cook, $50
butcher, young man bellboys
2 boys to learn trade 6 miners, $75
2 milk wagon drivers, $33 and found, city Jobs
waiters and dishwashers for mines.. $25 and fd
young man to drive butcher wagon. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & C 0.'5 ....104 GEARY ST.
FOR A QUARRY
20 quarrymen :...$2 50 a day
20 laborers $2 50 a day
2 Burleigh drill men $3 a day
2 bridge carpenters $3 a day
See boss at our office this morning. C. 11.
HANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary st.
10 STONEMASONS for railroad work, $3 50 a
day: free tare. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
2 FOREMEN for railroad work, $3 a day, see
boss here; 2 coopers, slack work; 6 laborers
for a lime quarry; 2 miners, $2 50 a day. C.
R. HANSEN <£• CO., 104 Geary st.
BUTLER with good references, $40; 2 hotel
cooks, $45; 2 restaurant cooks, $10 and $12 a
week; dishwashers, potwashers and others.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Clothing salesman, $10 week: car-
penter with a family for mine, $3 day. steady
job; 5 more miners. $2 50 day; lumberman tor
mine. $2 75 day; 40 laborers for mines and
quarries. $2 day: 2 men and wives for private
places, $45 and $50: hostler for private stable;
farmers, $20 and $26, and others. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., ''2S Sacramento st.
■WANTED — Baker and confectioner: cook for
Nevada, $"0, fare refunded; restaurant cooks;
waiters, dishwasher and others. J. F. CRO-
SETT 4 CO., 628 Sacramento st.
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ.
Employment Secy.. 630 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; /res employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec 104 7th: tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— Reliable man to deliver goods and
• assist generally in light outdoor work; will
pay $60 per month; smnll capital required.
Apply 103*2 Market St.. room 4.
WANTED — First-class picture frame maker.
Apply EMPORIUM AND GOLDEN RULE
BAZAAR.
MAKE $100 monthly: I will start you in busi-
ness; particulars; Instructions good to start,
$2. Address O. LULOA. S. F.
COATMAKER for San Jose. J. BAUMGAR-
TEN & CO., 7 Montgomery st.
A NO. 1 cobbler; must be sober and indus-
trious: steady work. Inquire at 241 Third st.
FIRST-CLASS lunch and oyster man wanted
at 17-13 Powell st. » - '
WANTED— First-class waiter at Manhattan
House, 525 Battery st.
2 COATMAKERS. SAN JOSE W. M. CO., 523
Market st., room 3.
WANTED— Press boys "in can factory. 434
Jackson st.
WANTED— Barber for Saturday. 112 A First
■street.
YOUNK dishwasher. Call 1581 Valencia st.
DISHWASHER; call early. 448 Third st.
SHOEMAKER wanted on repairing. 345 Third
street.
WANTED— Night cook. 221 ' Grant aye. -
WANTED— An extra cook for Saturday and
Sunday. 23 Stockton st
GOOD dishwasher wanted at 126 Ninth St.; call
early. .
COOK and a steady waiter. 432 Fifth st.
HELP WANTED MALE.
WANTED— Extra driver and collector for large
' dairy in city, $30 and found; buggy washer
for livery stable in city, $60; assistant vege-
table gardener, for Institution near city, $30
and found; 2 gang plow men, $26; 10 ranch
hands near city, $20 and $26; sheepherder near
city, $25 and board, steady Job; farm hand
for stock ranch $25; cooks, waiters and oth-
ers. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
WANTED— for saddle factory; must:
be sober, competent man, understanding
stamped work; send references and salary
wanted: steady position to right party. Ad-
dress PATRICK, MASTICK & CO., Portland,
Or:
WANTED common worklngman; indoor
work: married; German or French speaking;
no board; wages $8 to $10 a week. Apply after
9 o'clock a. m.. IS City Hall square, opp. Bth.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired; constant practice; expert instruction;
lectures on dermatology; Satu»lay wages;
call or write for free Illustrated catalogue;
MOLERIfi BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at th«
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9p. m.
BARBERS— hotel barber shop for sale
in the center of this city; reason death of pro-
prietor. For particulars call on H. SCHEU-
NERT. 927 Market st.
WANTED— Experienced silk neckwear cutter;
reference required.. Box 924. Call offl.?«.
MAN that milks; understands horses; make
himself generally useful. Fell and Stanyan.
BOYS wanted at S. F. and P. Glass Works,
Seventh and'Townsends sts.
WANTED— First-class coatmakers on ladles'
coats; highest wages. FRANCES. 796 Sutter.
MEN who worked lust year on press election
returns apply this (Thursday) afternoon at 1
o'clock, room 9, Registrar's office New City
Hall.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 'oc. 562 Mission St.. bPt. Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— At once, good coatmakers. SMILEY
& CO., 104 Sutter St.
GOOD solicitor for Installment-payment tailor
business: wages or percentage. Box 2591, Call.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
! that Ed Rolkln. Rer.o House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.; 150 large
rooms: 25c per nlcht: $1 to $2 per week.
i WANTED— IOO men to try our 15c breakfast,
dinner or supper; best in city. 406 McAllister
St.. near Polk.
i PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD A CO.. attor-
I neys, Hearst bldg. Third and Market.
500 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 .Mission st., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices.
• 1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO., 115 Kearny.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. M Steuart st.
2CO SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 15c and 2.'c
per night. Lindell. Gth and Howard: read, rm.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth.
for a room; 2'c a night; $1 a week.
V -^iMT-p-rvijj Hotel; 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MEN ami women wanted to learn barber trade
In 6 weeks; expert instructions: Saturday :
wages: call or write for catalogue. S. F. ;
BARIiER COLLEGE, 741 A Howard St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and i
: subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va- ',
j lem-ia st. :' - v •
! HORSES. LIVE STOCK*. Etc— Fop S«l»-
LOOK out for the big sal» of horses direct
I rum the country at Ormonde Sale Stable,
1517 Mission St., Tuesday, 11 o'clock. S.
WATKINS, Auctioneer.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagon, buggies.
cart«. harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market, i
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday. ]
SULLIVAN ft DOYLE. Auctioneers.
50 HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1621 j
urn! Ifi2s Market st . between Twelfth and
I Brady; also some fine matched black teams. I
CHEAP — Good road horse; any lady can drive
him: well bnvl. Atlr'.ress 605 Mission St.
HOUSES — LODGING — POll SALE.
X R E DO ~!T^Co7^?^?^?C^?^22^Ge^Tp7t.
Money to Loan at Low Rates.
The Following at Our Office Only:
i $$,"0-23 ROOMS; 1 block from Market: clears
1 -$90 to $100 month. KREDO & CO.. KH Geary.
$?')0— 11 ROOMS: near Post: cheap rent: lino
; house; clears $30. KREDO & CO.. 22' Geary.
$450—15 ROOMS; Grant aye.; fine transient;
j good location: clears 575. KREDO * CO.
PARTY wishing to sell lodging house see BA-
SILE, 3 Eddy st.; new cash buyer daily.
LODGING house for sale; $450; on account of j
. departure; 20 sunny rooms; well furnished; all |
rented; rent S5O. Apply at the place, 533 i
Broadway, city.
FOR club rooms; 209 Grant aye.; 19 rooms;
| nice front rooms. Apply on premises from
10 to 12 a. m.
I 30-ROOM lodging house in Stockton for sale.
Address S. M. PARSONS, 126 Ellis st.
j $450— Philadelphia House, *2l Bush st.: 18 rooms;
| fur.; gas and water; or take partner; $223.
2 SMALL lodging bouses for sale, or will take
partner. 6O4Vi Mission St.. room 6.
i FOR sale cheap— Lodging house; 22 rooms; rent
$50. 1021 Valencia st.
: FOR sal? or exchange House of IS rooms for
birr house, [ntiulre Call Office. < ■- ■■
BOUSES TO LET.
: A— PRINTED list: houses to let; send for cir-
; cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery. !
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
i HOUSE to let— rooms, bath, large yard. 354
Eureka St.. nr. Twenty-first: rent $15 a month.
(12 HOUSE of 4 rooms: grand view; to a small
family only. 425 Fremont st.. near Harrison.
HOUSES "WANTED FURNISHED.
WANTED, by family of adults, completely fur-
nished house of 10 rtfoms within 10 minutes'
of Call building. Address, stating rent, etc.,
box '.20. Call office.
HYPNOTISM.
DR. EDWARD FISCHER, renowned hypnotist j
and clairvoyant; teaches the art. 142 Sixth.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— dog; reward. 3. G. GALLA-
GHER. '."i Valencia St.
BUNCH of keys, on Post St., Mason to Taylor.
Reward at 906 Post st.
FOUND— Gray horse, Wednesday. Owner call
blacksmith shop. Thirty-eighth and San Pablo
ayes., Oakland.
FOUND— Greyhound. 1122 Kearny st.
LOST or strayed — A fox terrier dog, white and
brown spots: license 2436; answers to name
Muggins: reward. Return to WM. COLLINS,
12C6 Kearny st.
LOST— black and white Llewellyn bitch; one
I eye almost entirely black. Return to 928
llaight st. and receive reward.
: LOST— October 26, gold locket, initials A. 8.,
containing 2 photos. Reward at 2757 Twenty-
. fourth st.
LOST or stolen— From premises, 529 Fourth at.,
Friday evening, October 27. ISM, black and
white greyhound; suitable reward given.
MEDICAL. :
PRIVATE confinement home; sunny rooms;
best of care; nice garden; medicated steam
baths for ladies. DR. and MRS. WEGENER.
phone Pine 2781: res. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
MRS. DR.. WYKTH. ladies' physician; consul-
tation free; home in confinement; guaranteed
treatment at office, $5. 942 Post st. between
Hyde and Lflrkln; hours. 10 to 8, 7 to 8.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladies' physician, 1122 Mar-
. ket et.. bet. Mason and Taylor; guaranteed
treatment at office, ,$5: hours ft a.m. to 5 p.m.
DRS. GOODWIN, formerly of 401 Van Ness aye.
and 1362 Market St.. has returned from Eu-
rope and is now at 118 Eddy st.
DR. POPPER, ladies' practical physician for
37 years: call on physician with man's knowl-
edge; cui-e $5. 31S Keainy; consultation free.
HOME in confinement; treatment $5; consulta-
tion free. MRS. ALLEN. 228 Van Ness aye.
MRS. DX. C.WVEH. ladles' physician. 510
Eddy st.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladies' specialist. 1023^. Market St.
MRS. DR. DAVIEB, ladies' physician. 122$
Market St., bet. Taylor and Jones.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
ease softhehu man body. 115 Mason st.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOII SALE.
BOILERS, ■ engines, Id-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH • & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, : mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture,, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion St., above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission at.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. H. S. White, 516 Mission.
BUYS. *ells, rents gear machinery, boilers,
water pipe; new, Ed hand. Whltelaw,2l6 Spear.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
CAUSE, departure: nearly new Domestic
. sewing machine; 7 drawers; complete new
style attachments; cost $70. 704 Pine st.
SAFES— New and second for bunks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes:
specie chests; bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market St.. S. F.. Cal.
FRESH snowballs— "T. Carr" and all brands
English fire brick, fire clay, brick dust. S. R.
CHURCH, 307 Sansome St.. tel. Main f,OS6.
8 HOISTING engines. 3 steamers, .*> locomotives,
110 cars and all machinery used on Eureka
Breakwater. J. B. .TARDINE. 220 Fremont.
A— s3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 3SO Kearny *t.. near Pine.
DESKS, office and card tables; desks repaired
or exchanged ; furn. bought. 244 Stockton st.
DR CREELY'S C. P. Worm Pills by all drug-
gists, or Dog Hospital. SJO Jolden Gate aye.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Pru»ramento st.
DRESS nants, $2 75; fine suit. $10 MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery at.
BARS, counters, shelving, showcases nought and
sold. ETBEN. HIS Mission: Tel. Jessie 116 S.
BOILERS, engines. lathes, wood pinner*. 12 and
?4 in.: -.in « n «- ?.-* 1.-.-1 J. 3nrU-- 'H!> Peal"
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
HIGHEST price paid for old feather beds and
pillows; send nostal. CHAS. LEWIS. 611
Union st. -•--,.■;
WANTED— To hire 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars: lons Job. E. B.
PTONE. F.lmhurst. ■
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
hack In installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price — c will
• pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tap* and publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 68-69 Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market st.
ANY proposition; r.ny amount; 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates In probate, interest
In estates, legacies, life Insurance; chattel
mortgages; confidential; advice free. G. E.
OLSEN. room 16. first floor. Chronicle blrtg.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
AVOID delays: others, then see me; >.'•■ to
$100,000; 6 per cent: Ist, 2d or chattel mort- |
gages; estates In probate, undivided inter" ts In
estates, legacies and mortgages light: advice
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. 636 Markt.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 846 Market St.; telephone Main 1644;
branch 19 Third Bt.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and |
pianos; no removal; low rates: confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bids.. 120 Powell st. I
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with- 1
out indorser: also on diamonds, watches and
Jewelry. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
ON real estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on i
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER, 26 Montgomery st.
WANTED— OId line life insurance policies;
highest cash price paid. A. T. KELLIHER,
Raymond House. Oakland. Cal.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist, 1118 Market
St.; every case guaranteed; $5 up.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes !
without tndorser. TOUSLEY, 430 Parrott big. ■
ALL propositions, small or large; salaries;
rents. KLOTH. 220 California st.. room 7.
A RELIABLE place to borrow money on dia-
monds. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortis. ;
any proposition. DRYDEN, 413 Montgomery
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no !
' commission: private. LICK. 11« McAllister st.
1 IF your property Is mortcaeed and you need
more money »,> H. MURPHY ''3" Mnrk°t «t. •
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A GREAT "cash raisins" sale of pianos is
now going on at MAUVAIS', 769 Market st.
111 n't delay if you want a bargain. j
ANOTHER chance for great bargains in pianos
is offered for a week at MAUVAIS', 769 Mar-
ket st.
SEE the new style Decker pianos and get the
low Driees at MAUVAIS', 788 Market St.
THE Decker & Son pianos have been manufac-
tured ever since 1556, and are to-day the
"best of the best." See the new styles at
MAW \ :<:• Market st. :.*-;".
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6 ]
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
. same as if purchased for all cash; bargains j
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments ami some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY _ CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter '
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and |
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and lagest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
2S, 2S and 30 OFarrell st. ; pianos, organs and J
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
HIGH grade piano to be sacrificed; call at i
once. SCOTT-CURTAZ, 560 Hayes st.
24 NEW pianos to rent; $3 per mo. SCOTT-
CURTA2 CO., I''l1 '' 1 Hayes st.
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
pianos; prices reduced to insure prompt sales.
W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
FINE STEINWAY upright, left by private
party- sacrificed Room 12. Flood building,
Fourth and Market sts.
A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up: installments. $5 75 up;
rents, '2 up (allowed on snle). Heine, 136 Ellis.
FOR — Fine Stradivarius violin. Address :
EDWARDS, room 103, Phelan bldg.
W. H. BADGER, 412 Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos, j
GOOD upright piano for $110 cash. KEEFFE'S.
1019 Van Ness aye.
WANTED— 7 square pianos. BYRON MAUZY,
SOS Post st.
PIANOS at auction prices in storage chvap for
cash. WILSON'S Storage, 1710 Market st.
GOOD upright piano, nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNG. 216 McAllister st.
BARGAIN-Good upright; cheap. SCHMIT2J, 16
McAllister St.. next Hlbernia Bank.
I SOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
FOR RENT— A double store: one suitable ' for
restaurant: the other for barber shop and j
cigar stand; opposite where new union depot
will be built. Inquire saloon, cor. Fourth and .
Townsend sts.
EMMA SPRECKELS building, 927 Market St.— i
Light, sunny offices, $12 50 to $20 per month.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD. pupil of Count St. Ger-
main. CIS Geary st., above Jones: classes;
offi-g hours. 1 to S p. m : - gading by mall. $1.
PERSONALS. ~~
WILLIE Come home right away; work all
right; said sickness. A.
LESLIE C. HURST will find It greatly to his
interest to write to E. W. MORANCY. ad- j
ministrator of F. K. HURST, deceased. Ver- |
sallies. Kentucky, or to ANDREW THORNE.
Mills bldg.. San Francisco, Cal. Any one
knowing him to be alive since ISS9, or know-
Ing him to be dead, kindly notify the above.
IF those having catarrh will call at 36Vi Geary
they can be cured for 50c; office- hours. 10 to 4.
O*>*LY store that buys old gold, Jewelry and
cast-off clothing. COLEMAN'S. 506 Kearny.
BEST price for cast-off clothing and brlc-a-
brac. H. MARKS. 209 Third st. send postal.
JAMES A. SORENSON. watchmaker and Jew-
eler, removed to 103 Sixth st., near Mission.
LEDERER'S Quintonica not only cleanses 'he
scalp, but beautifies the hair, gives a fine
gloss. G. LEDERER. 12* Stockton st.
GO to LEDERER and have your hair dressed '
a la mode for only 25c; Lederer restores ,jray
hair to Its natural color with Schemer's Col-
orlne, 75c box. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton.
ELEGANT remnants for suits, $10 75; pants,
$3 75. or overcoats, $12 50; made to order;
samples sent to interior. One Price Tailoring
Co., 1644 Market St., St. Nicholas Hotel.
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent. Tradmark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., Laws a Specialty.
Ban Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Send for circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights In every 100 m; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market; 100 rooms-
-25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus an 3 baggage to and from the ferry.
hLAUGHTKR In unredeemed pledges. Jewelry
clothing, etc.. for amount loaned and inter-
»?t. CUT RATE LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason.
.SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Bth.
DR. L. B. WOOD: dental work in all branches-
examination* free. 719 Market St.. rms. 2 & 3'
PAINTING and paper hanging;. rooms papered
$2 50 up. JENSEN & BATH. 308 Sixth at.
MRS. L. J. WHEELOCK has removed I,a Verite
Parlors to 1140 Market; phone Folsom 448.
PERSONALS.
MLLE. CLAIRE BERTRAND, manicure par-
lors. 238 Kearny St., first floor, room 2-3.
MRS. BENNETT. 1165 Mission— Cancer cure 8
days; no knife, no caustics; references.
ALL gents wishing to marry wealthy send 10a
for latest list. MRS. HERTZ;, 706 Ellis st.
HIRSUTINE CO.. hair specialists, grow hair
or no pay; book for stamp. 6 Eddy st.
A KLEIN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools
and old gold; send for him. 109 Sixth st.
ANTIQUE and curiosity shop; goods bought,
sold, exchanged. 525 Dupont St., nr. Cat
INCRUSTATION— Invention for china dec-
orators. See S. R. CHURCH. 307 st.
LACHMAN & CO.. mfrs. of fine furs and seal
frarments: also remodeling. 104 Kearny st.
IF you wish full value for your cast-oft cloth-
Ing, call on li. COHEN. 157 Third St.
RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife; no injec-
t ion; guarantd. Dr. Gordin. 514 Plne.ab.Krny.
WANTED— OId gold for manufa'ng. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. 24S O'Frirrell. bet. Powell & Mason.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
FINEST and fuljest stock; square deal and
prompt service; country orders our specialty;
catalogue free. Cnl. Camera Co.. 22 Gearv st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence.
1021 V. Market St.. bet. Sixth ami Seventh.
REAL ESTATE— CITY SALE.
GRAND view of bay; southeast cor. Broadway
and Jones; 47x60: fine brick foundation which
cost $1300; price only $1000; 2 blocks only from
4 cable lines. THOS. MAGEE & SONS. 5
Montgomery st.
$3400— MODERN 5-ronm cottage on bltuminlzed
street; lot 25x130; also a large 7-room house
on Pierce St., near Haight; houses built to
suit purchases; easy terms. Inquire on prem-
ises.' F. NELSON, Builder.
BRYANT. 16— Building for sale; to be moved.
$900 FOR new house of 5 rooms and lot 60x100,
in Oakland; terms $200 cash, balance $9 per
month; lot and house cost $1200. Inquire WM.
HKNDRICKSON & CO.. 614 Call building.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First aye.. and you wish to sell them.
call on W. .T. GUNK. 410 Montgomery st.
n■. . _ 1
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
A— 2oo ACRES farming land near Sunol, Ala-
meda Co., fronting on county road; $25 per
acre for quick sale. H. H. Crane, 410 Montgy.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the-
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets. Open until 9 p. m.
CLAY. 2421, near Fillmore— large unfurnished
upper rooms: yard; water; rear: rent $7.
EDDY. Two sunny furnished rooms com-
plete for housekeeping.
FIFTH. 353— Furnished housekeeping; 3 con-
necting, $13; also single, $5 to $7.
FIRST, 28— Three front furnished sunny rooms,
suitable for housekeeping; $10 a month.
FULTON, 21S, cor. Van Kitchen, bed-
room, yard; hot and cold water; other rooms.
HOWARD, .761%— Sunny bay-window suite with,
kitchen; man and wife; others; reasonable.
HOWARD. 829— Suite of nice housekeeping
rooms, $10; also other rooms.
HOWARD, 1061—2 sunny completely furnished
housekeeping rooms, $8; also unfurnished
rooms and others. ' -»-!
IVY aye., 241. near Hayes and Franklin sts.—
2 and 3 lovely furnished rooms; sun; sink;
$13 and $16; adults. :
LARK IN. 326 — Clean sunny housekeeping apart-
ments; $16 to $25 per month; central.
MISSION, S21 — Sunny kitchen and bedroom,
. complete for housekeeping; large yard; $10.
NINTH, 113— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms; running water; reasonable.
] O'FARRELL, 20S— 3 nicely furnished rooms for
1 housekeeping; also single rooms; reasonable.
RUSS, 149 — 2 or 3 nicely furnished housekeep-
ing rooms on sunny side the street: neat
home for parties wi'.hout children: references
required; rent $12 for 2 or $15 for 3 rooms.
SEVENTH 192— One large unfurnished room;
housekpg. rms. & suites. MRS. PRAHL. prop.
TURK. 540—3 unfurnished rooms for housekeep-
ing; large yard.
TWELFTH. 40—2 sunny front connecting rooms
for housekeeping; ?10.
WEBSTER. 711—2 or 3 large handsome rooms,
furnished or unfurnished, for housekeeping.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
]*ncla st.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and ! iifurn.
AN up-to-date new fireproof building — "San,
Antonio": opening Oct. 14; electric elevator;
hot and cold water; radiators and coal grates;
rates reasonable. 21 Taylor st., near Market.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping: open all night.
AT The Waldorf, 309 Powell— Two front suites;
also single room, without board.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts. —
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms 50c to $150 day. MRS. J. KING.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364) — Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate-
ave.— Sunny corner; well furn. rms. & offices.
CLIFI ORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 123 (United State- Hotel)— Clean, neat
rooms; $1 50 week up; elevator day and night.
EDDY, 210— Two furnished parlors to let.
FILLMORE, 2320, bet. Clay and Washington—
Nicely furn. front bedroom with use of bath.
FRANKLIN, 21 (Newport)— Nice sunny bay-
window room for 2 young men; also housekpg.
FULTON, 431— single front room for a gentle-
man,
GEARY. 217— Furnished or unfurnished rooms;
rent reasonable.
GEARY. SOT,— Room suitable for working per-
son; rent $4.
GEARY. 3S4— Two sunny front rooms for man,
and wife or 2 gentlemen.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Comfortable furn.
rooms; travelers accommodated. MRS. HYER.
GRAND SOUTHERN— Southeast cor. Seventh,
and Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HUGHES House, 214 Third— Newly renovated;
25c to 50c per night: $1 50 to $3 per week.
JONES. 41S— Sunny, newly furnished front and
back rooms; $12, $15, $20; gents preferred.
MCALLISTER. 578— Two or three unfurnished
rooms; new house: inquire 612 McAllister st.
MCALLISTER. 702 Vi — Sunny furnished or un-
furnished rooms: suite or single; private fam.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— furnished,
bay-window room. $1 per week ; transient.
NATOMA. 62—2 furnished housekeeping rooms ■
$10 a month.
NATOMA, 718. In rear— large rooms; rent $5.
NEW Arlington. 1015 Market— Nicely furnished"
35c day up; $2 week up; transient.
NINTH. 20. near Market-Front bay window,
suitable for 2; grate: gas; $9.'
OAK. New elegantly furnished sunny bay-
window room, bath, gas; also single bedroom.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, »k.,mo.
O'FARRELL. Large sunny front room and
board for two gentlemen.
PINE. 910— Nicely furnished sunny alcove room;
modern conveniences; gentlemen preferred.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis St.— lncandescent
light, reading-room, smoking-room and ladies'
parlor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 60: week, $3
to $3: month, $8 to $30; elevator on office floor;
rooms wlch hot. cold water; baths. _
SHERMAN Apartment House; 2S Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH. 19— Light furnished rooms; $125 per
week; call after 6.
SIXTH, Furnished front rooms; also oth-
era; rent reasonable.
STOCKTON. Nice sunny well furnished
rooms; single or en suite.
SUTTER 560-Large sunny room with an al-
cove,. nicely furnished. ■
SUTTER. 70."— Office of late Dr. Robertson;
other sunny furnished rooms.
THE Oaks, 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
TURK. Comfortable furnished rooms,
suitable for gentlemen: reasonable; central.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Op till 9p. m.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented" repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: phone Mint 45.
! ALL kinds bought, sold exchanged, rented; r«-
-1 Pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.SPECIAL XOTICES.
PILES— PETER FBEILENG'S - fTper
box; warranted to cure all cases of bleeding,
itching, external, internal or protruding
piles without fall, no matter of how long
_ standing. IC2B Devlsmdero St.. near Sutter.
A BAZIAR in aid of Bethlehem Congregational
Church, Twenty-fourth and Vermont sts..
Will be held on Nov. 6; admission 10c.
ROOMS papered from 53; whitened, fl up;
painting done. Hartmtin Paint Co.. 319 Third.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
'"P. 41 S Montgomery nr. rooms 9-10: tfl. 53*0.
STOCKS AND BONDS FOR SALE.
SUGAR stock; fully paid up; no assessments;
pays 20 per cent annual dividends; safe, re-
" liable Investment: particulars at offio/. ED-
WIN W. WOODWARD & CO., 11 Montgom- ,
cry st.
STORAGE AM) WAREHOUSES.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop..
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post, ct Powell: tel Main 5713.
~~~ TO LEASE.
TO California SchueUen Club Park,
near San Rafael, for a term of 5 years or
more- bids will be received up to November j
20 « p m.. at the office of the C. S. C. P. & ;
B. A... 123 Sutter st.
•OTTO "KM SISTER, Secretary.
STORE to lea?*: Mission St., bet. First and
Second- lot 25xlM: put in order to suit tenant. |
j. TOMPKINSON. 57 Minna St.
WATCH REI'AIRIXO.
WATCHES cleaned 75c; guaranteed 2 years.
The Roy Jewelry and Optical Co.. 540 Kearny.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
11400— FINE building lot; water front; Clinton 1
aye. : 50x165.
$l3w_ House 7 rooms and bath; lot 60x150; '
near Park st.; great bargain.
J2GOO— Modern house 7 rooms; gas, porce- '
lain bath, etc.; lot 50x150; fine location on
San Jose aye.
E. D. JUDD CO.. 1424 Park Et.
JI3OO— LOT £oxlso, with large cottage of «
rooms and bath; stable, windmill, tank, etc.
J2soO— Lot 40x115; fine 2-story house 8 rooms
end bath; near station; must be sold at once;
worth 14000.
tESOO— Let 40x150, on Morton st., bet. the rail-
roads, with fine new modern cottage 7 rooms;
$500 cash, baiace $25 per month-
s33so— Lot 40x150; Morton st.. near Santa
Clara aye.; elegant new house of 8 rooms;
IiOO cash, balance 130 per month. Houses to
let in all parts of Alameda.
H. -P. MOREAL * CO.. 1432 Park st. j
GREATEST bargains ever offered In Alameda;
houses to rent In all parts of Alameda, E.
p. JTTPD A CO.. ':i:t Park st. j
ALAMEOA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladies In delicate health; large .
grounds; private. MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Sth.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
i'OH exchange for San Francisco property— j
House of T rooms; lot 186x125; within two j
blocks cf railroad and half block from electric :
cars: price {4000. Apply J. .'. MASON, ad- ,
jcl-.iipg Postofflce, Berkeley.
YOU s'_uiJ see those new houses Just being fin- I
Ished in the Hillegass. Tract; with all modern
improvements; within 5 minutes' walk from i
the university, and only 4 blocks from Dwight
way station; lots 50x160; for sale either for
cash or easy terms. JOS. J. MASON, adjoin- j
lr.g Pcstcfnce, Berkeley.
A NEW map of beautiful Berkeley, showing
the proposed extension of the university
grounds, can be had by sending a 2c stamp to
JOSEPH J. MASON. Real Estate, adjoining
P. 0.. Berkeley.
tjiofl — FOR a modern 8-ro:>m house; near to cars
and university.
$3300— New house of 8 rooms; modern all
through; terms to suit.
}r/0— Nursery of 3 large lots, close to
Berkeley depot, with dwelling and hot houses;
a bargain. O. G. MAY & CO.. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
- BARGAIN"?— nrsr ' lota in Frultva!- and San
Leanfiro Read Tract, near Frultvale station; i
electric cars, schools; homes built; easy i
terms; nothing like them. H. B. PINNEY. I
A s&rit, room 9. K5 Broad way. Oakland.
►25 CASK, balance $s. monthly: 10 lots sacri-
ficfj nt L-vrin In Oakland: electric cars: ! j
blocks local train; electric end gas lights,
city water, etc.: ov.ner widow lady; must sell
at a ■ FacriPc?. Particulars J. W. LAY-
MANCE. 636 Market «tr; 2- to 4p. m.
TOR Fale— New house of 5 rooms on Frultval»
aye. : 10 minutes' walk from station; lot MS
130: here", purrey and cart and carpets; must
Fell. TVx Sll. Cal!. i
Tor Fale— Building lot. near Telegraph aye.. ;
North Oakland. R. J. MONTGOMERY, 470 .
Thirteenth St.. Oakland.
riTEAPEST and test in America— The Weekly
tCall, 16 rapes, per.t to any address In the ;
United Fin:eF. postpaid, for $1 per year.
OAKLAND HOCSKS TO LET.
lANDSOME residence. 9 rooms, bath, barn; 539 '
-4th. Inquire R. Franke. 1022 Grove: rent low.
I.IKLAM) FURNITURES FOR SALE. |
KS introdunlcn to you from H. Shellhaas. the j
furniture dealer, lltlt and Franklin. Oakland, i
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
IN the Superior Court of «he city and county
cf Ean Francisco. State of California. In the
matter of WESTERN BEET SUGAR COM-
PANY, a corporation, upon it« application for ;
a lament cf dissolution. Notice— Notice Is
hereby p!v<?n that WESTEP.N BEET SUGAR ;
COMPANY, a corporation organized- and ex-
isting under and by virtue of the laws of th«
Ptate cf California, and having Its office and
I.lace cf b-.isiness in the city and county of
fan Franclspo. State of California, has filed
a verified application addressed to the Supe-
rlrr Court of the city and county of Pan
Francisco. State of California, praying for
a JucVment f.' Evolution "' faid corporation,
end that MONDAY, November 13. 1899. at 10
o'clock a. m., at the courtroom of said court.
Department No. 2. In the City Hall of th»
City and county of San Francisco, have been
• ppcir.ted as the day. time and place for the
hearing of said application.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed the official seal of said Su-
perior- Court this JOth day of October. 1899.
WM. A. DEANE. Clerk.
By E. M. THOMPSON. Deputy Clerk.
rg»aU •
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
I. J. Agustloho and Carulinda M. Cardoza.26-18
tobert F. Marcum and Hattie Pe'.lg 27-18
Thomas J. McHugh and Katie Tewhlll 28-28*
*homas as Cunha and Bessie Her?tad 27-31
Jnrry J. Ca?sady and Mabel A. Fine 40-30
t. A. J. Bhleri and Err., tine L. B. Golsch.2S-21
«.hn W. Gough an.l Anna .T. Bayly...- 27-18
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices gent by I
aall will not be Inserted They must Be handed |
n at either of thi> uublication offices and be i
rdorsed with th« name and residence of per- j
ons authorized to ha-.» the same published.
BORN.
rROWLEY— In this city. November !. 1899. to !
the wife of Joseph J. Crowley. a son.
K>NELSON— In Oakland, Cal.," October 26, 1899. i
to the wife of O. Donelson. a son.
tEICHOLD— In Oakland, November 2 1599, to !
the wife of W. ReU'hold. a rlauuht^r.
MASHIID.
HOW— BLAKE— In this city. November 2, 1399
by the Rev. Frank S. For.l. Samson M. Crow
and Marlnda A. Blake, both of San Francisco
:AMMKRER-MUGARHIETA-In this 'city!
October 20, 1559. by the Very Rev. J. J Pren-
dergast. George E, Kammerer and Helen I
Muzarrleta.
tOACH— McGILL-In this city. October 14
1599, at St. Dominic's Church, by the Rev'
Father Harrington, Marshall S. Roach and
Charlotte E. McGlll, both of San Francisco
tOURKE— CORDER-October 29. 1899, by the
Rev. Father McAullffe, Charles S. Rourke
and Alice M. Corder.
DIED. .
Alexander, Charles O. Lee, Essie I.
Anderson. Emily E. Llnneworth. Henry J.
Boucher, Arthur E. McCarthy, John
Bowne, Emma L. Morlarty. Bridget
Chamberlain, Mary S. Murphy, Mary
Cole. Sarah E. Richards. William B.
Crolce, Thomas J. Roach, Mary
Duly, Ellen Roemer, Frederick
Fitzgerald, Michael Ross, Samuel B.
Galligan. Julia ' Savage. Jeremiah F.
Gilmore, George J. Schwartz. Hercules
Green. Capt. William Strozynski Stanislaus
Hansen, Louis H. Talbo. I'iro
Kane. Michael Wlble, Margaret D.
Knoch, Johann P. Wilkens, Alma S.
tLEXANDER— In Oakland, November 2, 1899,
Charles O. Alexander, beloved husband' of
Minnie Prescott Carroll Alexander, a native
of Wisconsin, aged 37 years 7 months and 7
days.
t^Fi-lends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday.) at 2:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1440 East Sixteenth street, Oakland.
Interment orlvate.
ANDERSON— In this city, November 2. 1889,
Emily E., beloved wife of Adolph Anderson,
mother of Ethel and Adolph Anderson, daugh-
ter of Bertha and the late Otto M. Mayrlsch,
and sister of Mrs. A. Olson and Otto. Wil-
liam, Carl, Herman and Fred Mayrlsch, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged "S years 7 months
! and 2 davß. ..•"-.
E7"Frlonds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 330 Fourth avenue, near Point Lobos
avenue. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
BOUCHER-Jn Virginia City. New, November
1, 1893, Arthur E. Boucher, husband of Annie
E. Boucher, and son of Sarah S. and the late
James Boucher.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 95 Webster street, ! thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where services will be held at
2 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
' BOWNE— In this city, November 2, 1599, Emma
I L. Bowne, beloved wife of the late William
! F. Bowne. mother of the late William S.
Bowne, and daughter of William Stebblns of
New York, aged 85 years and 9 months. (New
York and Boston papers please copy.)
ETFriends are respectfully invited to at-
; tend the funeral services this day (Saturday),
! at 11 o'clock, at St. John's Episcopal Church,
corner Fifteenth and Valencia Btreets. In-
termc-nt private.
CHAMBERLAIN— In . Oakland, November *.
ISS9. Mary S., widow of "Moses Chamberlain,
and mother of Mrs. Eveline A. Shipley, Mrs.
[da Smith and Alfred M. and the late Charles
Ci Chamberlain, a native of Maine, aged 89
years and 11 days.
ETFuneral from her late residence, 1012
West street. Oakland, this day (Saturday), at
12:S0 o'clock.
CROKE— In this city, November 3. 1599, Thomas
J.. beloved con of James and the late Mar-
garet Croke, a native of Sisktyou County,
Cal., aged 41 years.
(ETThe funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1130 McAllister street, thence to St.
i Mary's Cathedral, where services will be cele-
brated for the rep' of his soul. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
', COLE— Entered into rest, November J, 1599,
Sarah E., widow of the late Josiah L. Cole, i
' and mother of Mrs. S. B. Duncan and Mrs.
H. T. Carpenter, a. native of Boston, Mass.,
aged SS years 11 months and 15 days.
CTFtlends are respectfully invited to at-
i tend the funeral services this day ('Saturday).
i at 10:30 o'clock, at the crematory chapel. Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
i DALY— In this city, November 2, 1599, Ellen,
i beloved wife of the late Dennis Daly, mother
of Nellie and Dennis Daly, and aunt of Mrs.
' T. J. Fitzgerald and Katie Daly, a native of
County Cork, Ireland, aged 44 years. (Raw-
11ns and Casper, Wyo., papers please copy.)
lE7" Remains at the parlors of the United
! Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth street. Inter-
I ment to-morrow (Sunday), at Vallelo, on ar-
rival of the 10 o'clock train from San Fran-
cisco.
FITZ/GERALD— In this city, November I, 1599,
I Michael, dearly beloved husband of Mary
. A. Fitzgerald, and beloved brother of Mrs. J.
! Collins and Mrs. ,7. Wallace, a native of the
I parish of Blossomforth, County Cork, Ire-
land.
(£7" Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Saturday), at
: 8:30 o'clock, from his late residence, 3356
Twenty-third street, thence to St. James
I Church, corner Twenty-third and Guerrero
streets, where a solemn requiem mass, will
be celebrated for the reposa of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
', GALLIGAN— this city, November 8, 1599,
Julia Galilean, a native of County Cavnn,
i Ireland, aged 60 years.
E7" Remains at the parlors of the Henry J.
Gallagher Company, 20 Fifth street.
GILMORE— In Alameda. November I. 1899,
George J., beloved son of J. B. and Rosette
Oilman, and brother of Willie C, Walter J.
; and the late Elmer Gilmore, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 1 year 11 months and 2 days.
CFrlendg and acquaintances are respect-
-1 fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 12 o'clock, from the residence,
' "37 Central avenue, taking the 1 o'clock creek
boat to San Francisco. Interment Mount
| Calvary Cemetery. :- .r
i GREEN* —In Embarcadero, Sonoma Valley,
i Cal., Captain William Green, a native of
New York, aged 78 years and 4 months.
ETFuneral from Embarcadero to-morrow
i : (Sunday), at 12 o'clock. Interment Catholio
! Cemetery, Sonoma.
. HANSEN— In Ocean View. Louis H. Hansen,
beloved father of Louis and George Hansen,
1 Mrs. Frank Kinir and Mrs. James J. Cas-
; :.y. a native of Germany, aged 5S years.
CyThe funeral will take place this day
! (Saturday), at 11:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of ths Henry J. Gallagher Company, 20 Fifth
street. Interment private. .
\ KANE— In Alameda, Michael, beloved husband
of Margaret Kane, father of Mrs. Elizabeth
Buckley, Mrs. H. W. Theobald and Miss Mol-
lle, F. E. and Charles Kane, and brother of
James M. Kane, a native of Ireland, aged
85 years.
CT'Frionds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resl- i
! dence, 7.'2 Railroad avenue, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, Alameda, where a requiem
high ma« will be celebrated, commencing at
10 o'clock, for the repose of his soul. Inter- I
; ment private, St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland,
| Cal.
KNOCH— In Oakland, November 2, 1899. Johann
Peter Knoch, husband of the late Susanna
Kncch, and beloved father of Mrs. Philip j
V-'E'-i of San Francisco, Mrs. Fred 9chue-
mann of San Rafael and August and Clara '
Knoch of Oakland, a native of Troy?-!. Ger-
man azed 71 years 6 months and 4 days. j
( Bait lin ■•. Md., papers please copy.)
IT-s*Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
i tend the funeral services " lay. November
6. at 1 o'clock, at his late residence, 1,123
Seventeenth street, Oakland. Interment pri- I
I vate, in Mountain View Cemetery. Please j
j omit- flowers.
; LEE tree LARDNER)— In this city. November I
2, ]«•". Essie 1., wife of Robert S. T. Lee, j
. and mother of Mrs. C. L. Koster and Henry
V. and Maud E. Lardner. a native of Dub-
lin. ',: eland, aged 4S years.
CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
i fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, at the
residence of her daughter, 12S Steiner street.
i Interment private.
LINXEWORTH- In this city, November 8,
! 1599, of heart disease, Henry J. Llnneworth, !
a native of Hoboken, N. J., aged 38 years j
and 9 months.
MCCARTHY— In this city, November 2. 1899,
; John, beloved hupband of the late Julia Mc-
Carthy, father of Jamep, Annie, Justin, Nel-
lie and Edward McCarthy, ami uncle of Bart
McCarthy, a native of Shannon* rile, Clona-
klUy. County Cork, Ireland, aged 67 years.'
lE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of John Driscoll. 474 Jessie street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a sol-
; emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. j
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MORIARTY— In this city. November 3, 1599,
Bridget, beloved wife of the late John Mor-
iarty, mother of Daniel and the late" Mary
" Morfarty, 1 and sister of William Crowley, a
; native of County Cork, Ireland, aged 70 years.
MURPHY— In this city, at the Potrero, No-
vember 2, l -' '. Mary, beloved wife of Come
I lius Murphy, mother of May Murphy, and Bis-
ter of Michael Tracey, a native of County i
Tlpoerary, Ireland, aged 33 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 229 Texas street, thence to St. Teresa's
Church for services at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. A solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated Monday, November 6,
at St. Teresa's Church for the repose of the
soul of the late Mary Murphy, commencing
at 9:30 o'clock.
RICHARDP— this city. November 3. 1899,
, ! William 8., beloved son of William and Mary
j Richards, brother of Katie. Annie, Eugene
I and May Richards, and nephew of Owen
Richards, a native of San Francisco, aged 17
years 5 months and 17 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parents''
residence, 250 I 'ore street, between Harrison
! and Bryant, Ninth and Tenth, thence to St.
Joseph's Church for services at 2 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
ROACH— In this city, November 1. 1899, Mary,
beloved wife of Joseph Roaoh, and daughter
of Annie Williams (nee Cassldy), a native of
Philadelphia, Pa., aged 2S years and 10
j months. -
rr /"Frinnd* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, IC2 West Park street. Holly. Park,
thence to St. John's Church (formerly St.
Mary's College), where a solemn requiem
ma«s will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock, j Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
ROEMER— In this city, November 1899, Fred-
erick, beloved husband of Sophie Roemer
and father of Mrs. William Jenkins and the
Misses Annie, Mathlld». Antoinette, Louisa
and Florine Roemer and Fred Roemer Jr., a
native of Thurlngeii, Saxe, Germany, aged 68
years 7 months and 21 days. A member of
Martha Lodge No. 241. K. and L. of H.
t^TNotlce of funeral hereafter.
ROSS— In this city, November 3, 1899, Samuel
IS beloved husband of Mary A. Ross (nee
Cassidy), a native of Seattle, Wash., aged 25
■years and 15 days.
EX Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday,
November 6. at S:3O o'clock, from his late
residence, 502 Franklin street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. *
SAVAGE— In this city. November 3. 1899. Jere-
miah F., dearly beloved son of the late Rich-
ard J. and Bridget .Savage, and brother of
Thomas, Peter and Eugene Savage and the
late Richard and William Savage, a native of
Cambridge, Mass., aged 37 years and 10
months.
tnyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
' HENRY' d. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS. AND EMBALMERB,
' >0 i'lxth st.. opposite Lincoln bcbool.
Telephone Souta sis
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. NOVEMBER 4, 1599.
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Valente. Marini & Co.. 1P24 Stockton street,
I near I'nlon. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SCHWARra-ln this city, November i, 1899
Hercules Reeeham, beloved son of Isador and
Be=sle Schwartz, and brother of Harold Jaque
Schwartz, a native of Victoria, B. C, aged
j 14 yo-ars 7 months and 2 days.
XT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
f-illy invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
! (Punday), at f5:80 o'clock, from the residence
! of the parents, 805 Eddy street, thence to Hills
I of Eternity Cemetery, via 11:30 o'clock train
| from Third and Townsend streets. Remains
! may be viewed at parlor!" of James McMen-
omey & Son. 1057 Mission street, until Sun T
i day mornlnjr at 8 o'clock.
STROZYNSKI— In this city. November 2, 1599,
I Stanislaus Strozynski, beloved brother of B.
! Strozynski, a native of Poland, aged 49 years
j 6 months and 8 days.
(CTFi-lends and acquaintances ore respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near Post, thence to Et. Mary's
Church, corner of California and Dupont
streets, for services commencing at 1 o clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
! TALBO— In Stockton, October 31. J899. Ugo
r Talbo (Hueh Xaibot Brennan), a native of
i Ireland, aged 64 years.
! "WIBLE— In this city, Norember 8, 1899. Mar-
! garet D.. beloved wife of Charles Wlble, a
native of California, aged 87 years.
try-Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Sunday), at 1:30
o'clock, from the residence of H. B. Chick.
10*2 Filbert street. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery-
WILKENS— In this city, November 2, 1898,
Alma Sophie, dearly beloved daughter of Otto
F. and Adele W likens, grandchild of Mr. and
Mrs. John Burfelnd. and niece of Dr. Wil-
liam Burfelnd, a native of San Francisco,
aged 4 years 7 months and 27 dayß.
(EyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 864 Bay street, near Larkln.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
ST. TERESA'S BAZAAR.
; Ladies of the Potrero to the Front in
a Laudable Cause.
The basement of St. Teresa's Cathollo
i Church on Nineteenth and Tennessee
' etreete was transformed from Its original
Echool like appearance Into a bower of
I beauty by an abundance of bunting and
1 cut flowers, with a handsome collection
jof tropical potted plants. The occasion
was a church bazaar for the purpose of
I raising funds for the benefit of the church
! and Bunday-school attached thereto.
The bazaar proper was opened last
; night. It will continue open during the
i evenings of this month up to the ISth,
| when It will close. At the opening last
! night the Rev. Father P. O'Connell, pas
, tor. and his assistant. Rev. Father James
'■ Mebln, were present and aided the ladles
1 In the good work before them.
! The several booths are arranged on both
; Bldc-s of the building and at the north and
i opposite entrance, all of which tend to
make the scene attractive to those who
! tvlll visit It during the period of its cx
i istence. It was announoed that Mayor
'■ Phelan would visit the bazaar last nlgac
• if he could get away from his political en
gagements.
The names of the ladles having charge
jof the various booths are: Mrs. John
! Flannagnn, Mrs. Harry O'Donnoll, Miss
I Sarah Lennon, Miss . Annie Cullen, Mrs.
Teresa Gaffney, Mrs. Bernard Curtis, Miss
i Annie McNamara and Miss Minnie Daley.
'. There is a generous supply of articles,
! confectionery and fancy goods on display
j In the various booths.
TO RAISE THE TAXES.
Alumnae of Sacred Heart Convent j
Give a Splendid Musical En
tertainment.
In order to pay off the taxes on the |
i building on the corner of Taylor and Ellis ■
1 streets The alumnae of the Sacred Heart
! Presentation Convent gave a grand enter- ]
tainment Jast evening at Golden Gate Hall '
ion Sutter street. Jxmg before the hour
i for the performance to begin the immense
i hall was not only crowded to Its utmost
i capacity, but the audience overflowed
i into the entrance and Almost Into the I
i street.
! The programme, which consisted of mv- !
aic, both instrumental and vocal, recita
tions and fancy dances, had been so care
fr.llv arranged that it went off without a
hitch. During the interludes between the
; pieces Charles McAuliffe entertained those i
i present with some of his quaint stories
' and inimitable fancy dances.
From a financial standpoint the affair
: was a grand success, the receipts exceed- !
ing the most enthusiastic hopes of those !
having- the matter in charge. The com- !
: mittee of arrangements was composed of j
I the following named ladies: Mrs. C. C.
M.ihun, Hiss May Nolan, Miss Agnes Fitz
patrick, Miss Essie Phillips. Miss Julia !
Donohoe, Miss Lily R. Power, Miss May
Mulcare, Miss Queen Montgomery, Miss
Eva Conway and Miss Mary Byrne.
SYMPATHY FOR OO M PAUL.
Local Celtic Societies Will Extend
Him. Their Moral Support.
The Celtic societies of San Francisco
took .the initiative steps last evening to
hold a public demonstration In favor of
the Boers and protesting against Great
Britain's action In the present war. By
Invitation, representatives of the Holland,
French and Swedish societies were pres
ent, and will participate in the mass
meeting. The societies named met at 1133
lon street. Colonel T. P. Barry pre
sided. After considerable argument It
was decided to hold the proposed dernon
stiation at Metropolitan Temple Tuesday
eovnlng. November 14.
An effort will l>e made to secure the
services of some of the most prominent
orators of the city. Resolutions will be
framed expressing the sympathy of the
participating societies with Oom. Paul and
protesting against the. United States of
fering any moral or other support to Eng
land. The committee of arrangements con
sists of John Mulhern, J. J. Canniffe, L.
C. CnoplUß, D. Molander and B. Beller
mans. Th<? resolutions will be framed by
John Magillicuddy Alexander Olson, D. C.
Henry and Colonel T. F. Barry.
CLUMSY IMPOSITION.
A Few Enterprising Manipulators
Decide to Hold a Dewey
Celebration.
What purports to be a "Dewey celobra
i tlon" is to be glv* n to-night at Mechanics'
i Pavilion. Committees have been an
| nounced, subscriptions have been ob
! talned, a programme has been published,
I a parade has been arrang-ed, and a mv
; slcal and literary programme has been
! prepared. The entire affair Is an imposi
i tion upon the- public and a gross misrep
j resenlation. Isames of prominent men
j have been used utterly -without authority
upon the committees. Speakers have been
announced, but ■will not attend, as they
were never consulted in the matter. The
promoters of the "celebration" represent
to the public wrongfully that the affair Is
i the result of a concerted action of several
local Bcoietirs. As a matter of fact, the
"Dewey celebration" is nothing more or
i less" than the venture of a few persons
; who represent nobody but themselves
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
T M Read. Capltola L n Prince, Boston
P M Gill. Chicago P B Johnson. Bacto
T Haas, Nevada City i XV James & w Cal
C Schmidt, Cal J T Wheeler & w Elko
I Dr McAllister, Cal Mrs T Wheeler Cal
;C X Cadman, Pinole M Ella Wheeler Cal
;\V E Dennlson, CaJ .II M Levinsky. Cal
;W X Cole, Martinez J F Smith. St Louis
! E P La Selle. Crockett R A Booth, Oregon
C E Quigley, Oakland A c Dixon, Oregon
!J R Chase. San Jose L A McNary. Portland
i E X Taylor, Alameda C H Smith Boston
J .T Charltotr. Wash D.Levy, "Williams
W A Setchell. Cal R E foist. San Jose
B T Ferris. Berkeley R A Lee & w I, A
!C L Wedemark, Cal J H Wilson & w Chjro
H S Greenwood, Cal j 5 n Wilson & w La
A W Beam. Cal J c Fraser, Denver
L II Russell. Lou Ang A M Compton Chirn
J J Livingston, CaJ L Carter], <'al'
.T Walnh, Arcata X H List, Palo Alto
O D Murray. Eureka II 5 Covr-rt Cal
H S Brown, CaJ J R Comaek, Chgo
Mrs G W Lelhy. Chtro G H Peanlman Cal
C H Race, N X X S Lundpren. Appletn
Mrs II E Pierce. Cal B L Webber. Napa
Mrs G D Murray, Cal G A V Hughes. Rono
D A Laurence. Chgo id Leishman. Uklah
W C Waters & w, Cal IE .T Iris. Boonvilie
PALACE HOTEL.
W S Taylor & w,.CarCR Bragg, USA
I W E Moore, Conn S G White & w Colo
! Q Block. New York L S Stoher. Chicago
IF H Buck, Vacavllle A Emanuel N York
i E I- Burroughs.* Mr Koocherack Chic
W W Joynes, V S N ML Purvln & W 111
C A McAllister. US N L Ortrr.ann & w "ill
I G W Luce. Los Ang O R Baher, Llvermoro
| E Chatnbere. Los Ang J L Murdock, London
iW H Greer, Los Ang L H Bailey, San Jose
I S McKeown Los Ang O C Sweet V IN'
II T Oxnard, Los Ang H Vledes, Plttsburr
C F Price & w, Ky M Butler A fv Colo
J II Jones, Dawson . M Cornelle, Paris
E X Butler. Chicago E Cornelle. Paris
H S Butler, lowa . M H Stau, New York
C P Masterson. Tacma C Castro, Santa Clara
R S Woodson, US AII W Boule Boston
C L Knobe. Chicago J D Chlpman, Omaha
FL Sylvia, Boston W J Klnney, Colo
IC W Halght v, N T,S 0 Joerger, Berlin .
GOOD DEMAND FOR REALTY.
THE real estate market is steadily im
proving and although the present mu
nicipal campaign has had a deterrent
effect it is but temporary, and with
politics relegated to the rear there will,
unless all signs fall, be a decided revival
of business in realty transactions during
the coming winter months. The condi
tion of the market is clearly and concise
ly set forth in the Real Estate Circular for
October, just out, published by Thomas
Magee & Sons, as follows:
"The real estate market is doing well.
It is without excitement of any kind or
any tendency or sign of boom. Until late
ly buyers would only look at the very best
Inside property, that was steadily paying
and always certain to do so. Now they
are beginning to look at property that
doeß not steadily rent and whose value
is more in the near future than in the im
mediate present. In other words, what—
because of the trend of business and
rrowth of the city— is on the threshold
of being inside property, is now consid
ered, and some of it is being bought.
Such property is a better buy than the
best Inside property. The latter has
reached, not an actual maximum of
values by any means, but a comparative
maximum; the latter has only begun to
move forward and is certain to have a
fine future.
"There tfl Borne demand for purchases
and considerable demand from lessees for
property down by South Beach at or near
the railroad tracks.
"There Is a moderate demand for dwell
ing lots and houses and lots westward,
out along the cable lines, between Mc-
Allister r-nd Haight streets, and a very
good demand for residence lots and resi
dences and lots out Pacific Heightsward,
at full prices always and advancing prices
in some cases.
"Property owners In outside districts,
where a sale of any kind is a novelty,
are beginning to mark up their unsalable
lote, because there has been some move
ment In downtown business property.
There Is not yet, however, the slightest
sign of a movement in any property on
the outskirts of the city in any direction.
To mark up the prices of such property
now will only result in making it more
unsalable than ever.
"The total number of sales made vi Oc
tober was 254, of the value of $1,204,788."
Referring also to the condition of the
market the Real Estate Record, published
by G. H. Umbsen & Co., says:
"Real estate has taken on new life dur
ing the last month. The improvement
has been mainly in the 50-vara and the
100-vara districts, in each of which sec
tions there have been several investments,
ranging above $50, 500, while the Western
Addition holds its own and the Potrero
registers an advance over the previous
month. Downtown and centrally located
realty Is In good demand and investors
are evincing a disposition to come nearer
to the views of owners. The result is
more numerous transactions. Undoubted
ly the rai»e have had a good effect on the
market, and should the season continue as
It has opened there is every reason to an
ticipate lively times during the coming
winter and spring."
The mo.«t important sale of the week
was made by Thomas Magee & Sons, who
sold the two-story and basement building
belonging to Mrs. J. S. Doe on the east
side of Fremont street, 183:4 south of Mar
ket, 43:10x137:6, to Miss Maud Bourn,
the price paid being $55,000. This
property adjoins the Mack prop
erty, which was sold about eight
months ago, including a new four
story and basement brick building, for
$110,000. FYemont street, between Market
and Mission, is now the best built-up
wholesale block in San Francisco. There
is but one gap to break the continuity of
fine buildings and that is where the recent
flro in that district destroyed the pro
perty 137:6x137:1} on the northeast corner
of Fremont and Mission streets. This
property is now being offered for sale by
Thomas Magee & Sons. An offer for the
site was recently made by one of the
largest firms in the city, who propose to
erect thereon a five-story brick building,
two-thirds of which they intend to occupy
themselves.
McAfee Brothers report the following
recent sales: Lot and improvements on
the northwest line of Howard street.
316:8 feet southwest of First, southwest
41:8x85 feet; price $8500. Two lots on the
easterly line of Spruce street, 52:8 feet
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Gustav and Sallie Harshall to Cornelia J.
Prlngle, lot on N line of Post street, 60 W
of Larkin. W 25 by N 120; $10.
Sarah Cohen. Leah Lewis. Rosa and Martha
Goldberg to Mary Goldberg, lot on S line of
McAllister street, 150 E of Octavla, E 15 by
S 137:6; $10.
Martin Waleh to Caroline Walsh (wife of
Martin lot on S line of Halg-ht street. 225 W
of Devisadero, W 25 by S 137:6; gift.
Richard and Johanne Wallmann to Charles
F. Stalling;, lot on NW corner of Sutter and
Lyon Etreets, W 50 by N 112:6; $10.
Amelie Kraiiw to Bernhard Heilfron, lot on
SW corner of Jessie and Hermann streets, W
52:6 by S 85, quitclaim deed; $9300.
Isabelle T. and M, L. Hadley. William P.
and Alice F. T"dd to Russell R. Stedman, lot
on E line of Shotwell ptreet. 315:6 Vi S of Twen
ty-fifth. S «:104 by E 115; $10.
London and San Francisco Bank (Limited)
to Agnes and John C. Wilson, lot on NE corner
of Vallejo and Batten* etreete, N 153:4 by E
137:6; .
John Wooll to Mary Wooll. lot on N line
of California street, 137:6 W cf Leavenworth,
W 137:5 by N 137:6; gift.
J O a:id Mary A. Demini? to Francis Lowe,
'.ot on NE line of Sixth street. 182 NW of
Brannan. NW 23 by NE 120; $7340.
Dorothea and W. H. Richter to Adolph Rlch
ter lot on NE line of Seventh street, ISO SB
of Brannan, PE B0 by NE 80; $100.
I. a and Clara A. Coggin to George A. and
Mary Kelly, lot «n SW corner of Lake street
and Second avenue, W 82:6 by S 40; $10.
Thomas U. Sweeney to Charles S. and Emma
L Brußdafe, lot on SW corner of Seventh
avenue and J street, S KO by W 108: aiao lot
on AY line of Seventh avenue, 100 S of J street,
8 '5 by VV 120; $10. #
A. K. P. Harmon Jr. to Mary M. B. Martin,
Outside Lands block 645; $10.
John L McLaughlln to Narclsse and Emill
enne Simon lot on SE line of Chenery street,
J18:5% NE of Mifruol, NE Krlli, SE 134:314.
s\ K>:ltt, NW 134:5%, block 16. Fulrmount;
Fllen B. Copp (wife of E. J.) to Ellen E. Mc-
Larland (wife of A. G.), lot on E line of Ash
buVy otroet. 107:6 S of Oak. S SO by E 73; gift.
Franclska Brllocq to Marlon Tevendale (wife
of I S R X lot on S line of Point Ljbos ave
nue' 650 E of Masonic avenue. E 26:6, 3 to
point in land of Newell, N 61:11%: $10.
Gustave Peterson to Fred J. BaumeU lot on
N lire of Twenty-fourth street, 305 W of Noe,
W 25 by N 114; ?10.
Jacob and Llna Heyman to William O. and
Frances Green, lot on W line of Douglans
street 30:6 S of Alvarado, S 25 by W 100, lot 60,
Heyman Tract; $400.
Estate of John Brickell (by Jennie A. Louies
D and John C. Brickell, executors) to Gertrude
G Norris, lot on S line of Pacific street, B0 E
of Leavenworth. E 20 by S 68:9; |1500.
Charles Johnson to Catherine Johnson, lot on
W line of Ritch street, 183:4 N of Townsend. N
22:11 by W 80; gift.
Rose Jackson (Devlin) to Jennie Magneson.
lot on E line of Twenty-first avenue. 275 N of
Point Lobos avenue, N * by E 120; $100.
i Torrey and AY. A. H. Connor to N. D.
Thayer, lot 11, block 26, Lakevlew; $238.
J. S Reid to Charles A. AA'arren, lot on NW
corner of Montcalm and Peralta (De Kalb)
streets. N 100 by W 25, Harris Map 1 P. V.
lands; $SO.
French Savings Bank to Samuel Mason, lot
on SAY line of San Francisco and San Jose Rall
r. ad ism SW ot Marengo Etreet, N to point, AY
US, B 193:9, XE US, lot fi, block B, Railroad
Homestead, quitclaim deed; $— .
Alameda County.
Mrs. L. E. Hensler et al. to Margaret O'Neill,
lots 9 and 18. blOCfc B. lets 21 and 22, block C,
lot 17. block G, lots 13, 14. 17 and IS. block I.
lots 14 to 17, block J. lots 6. 7, B and 10. block
M Golden Qftte Tract. Oakland; $4937.
F. A. and Lottie Webster to George B. M.
Grny lot on SE line of Ninth avenue. 600 KE
of Twenty-fourth street. NE 50 by SE 150, In
Gray'B Bonnie View Tract, East Oakland; $10.
Blake Company of San Francisco (a cor
poration) to Helen M. Klnne. lot on NW corner
of Oregon strct and Humboldt avenue, W
110:10, N 44:10, E 113:4, S 46:7, to beginning,
block G, Leonard Tract, Berkel»y; $10.
Helen M. Kinne to Blake Company of San
Francisco (a corporation) lots 5 and 20. block
1 lots 32 and 33, block 2, lots :>3 and 08. block
3, Map of Grove-street Line Tract. Berkeley;
Grnnvllle F,. and Kathe OC. Sbuey to R. G.
Tavlor lot on S line of Hopkins street. 80 W
of "Boston avenue, W SO by S 129.75, block H,
ProHpprt Hill Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Llllte li. and E. W. Hanson to John Titus,
lots 19 and 20. Orchard Tract. Frultvale, Brook
lyn Township: $10.
Delos Tratt to Charles A. Jeffers and Henry
Harris lot IS in subdivision F, Fruitvale Ter
minal Trnct Brooklyn TownFhip; $In.
Ifir.llnu and Louis Lelser to Abraham Hy
man lot on X line of Railroad avenue 100 w
of Oak street, X 158 by W M, betnjr lot 7, block
3R lands adjacent to Enclnal, Alameda; $l2f>o
Charles Cszyn^kt to Henry Stngler, mvll
vlded one-third Interest in lot on RK corner of
Encin.il avenue and Willow street. E 100 by
S 140, being: lots 17 and 18. in W half block H,
Pioneer Homestead, Alameda; gift.
William A. and Lillie Clark and Henrny N.
Clement (by W. S. Harlow, commissioner) to
Ernest Zoberbier, lot on S line of Eighth street
80 W of Chester, W 70 by S 100, block 529, Oak
land; mw.
Same to same, undivided half interest In lot
on 8 line of Nineteenth street, 25 B of Union
E 30 by S 111, Oakland; gift.
Louisiana Hale (wife of John J.) to Jean
south of Clay, 50x87:6 feet; price $3250.
Lot and improvements on the northerly
line of Elizabeth street. 152 feet east from
Noe, 26x134 feet; price $2500. Lot at the |
southwest corner of First avenue and
California street South, 25x115; price $15X>.
Lot 19 in Block D, College Heights Tract,
25x90 feet; price 11050. The same firm also
sold a section of land in Township 14 ;
south, range 28 east, Fresno County, 640
acres at $37 per acre, and 5H acres in the i
Beresford Park Traot, San Mateo County, .
with improvements, on private terms.
David Bush, manager of the country
land department of G. H. Umbson & Co.,
reports the following recent sales:
Charles H. Lohse and wife to A. L. Ban
croft, 78 acres, mostly choice orchard
land, in the San Rafael Rancho, for $10,
--514, and the same sellers to Fanny B.
Bancroft SSO acres In the same rancho for
$6000: The Union Stockyard Company (by |
F. L. Glass, Commissioner) has sold to |
B. Fernandez 1400 acres of land in the J
Rancho El Pinole for $67,000. C. L. Loomia
has sold to Joseph Frates 554 acres of
land In the San Pablo Rancho on private
terms. Kate T. Cousins and Annie T.
Burns have sold to the California Powder
Works 2a and 78-100 acres of land in the
Rancho El Pinole on private terms.
Elizabeth Emerick has sold to Frederika I
Blume 996.08 acres of land in the San !
Pablo Rancho for $29,000. Joseph H. I
Mooser and wife have sold to Annie M. I
Piggott 103.63 acres of land in the i
Rancho del Hambre, near Lafayette, for
$6000.
Loans are now being made by the San
Francisco Savings Union at 6 per cent,
the banks paying the mortgage tax, and
yet money is coming In faster than It is !
going out. The total number of mortgages I
recorded In October was 330, of the value i
of $1,289,988; 243 releases of mortgages were j
recorded, of the total value of $1,524,709. ,
Private lenders loaned $270,528 last month I
and released $480,614. The Hibernla Bank
loaned $514,785 and released $437,670; the
German Bank loaned $126,550 and released j
$186,950; the Savings Union loaned $228,550 ,
and released $272,375.
Loans on real estate made by the say- ;
Ings banks during the past week aggre
gated $344,235, as follows: Hibernla, $90,-
SSO; German, $22,850; San Francisco Sav
ings Union, $216,100; Humboldt, $9350; Mu
tuaL $5175, and Columbus, $600. The build
ing associations loaned $4900 and private
capitalists and others loaned $52,265. The
Hibernla Bank made one loan of $30,000
at 6 per cent, and all the other loans in
smaller amounts at that bank were at
the same rate. The releases of the week
amounted to $529,415, against $227,800 for
the previous week. The San Francisco
Savings Union executed a release for $250,
--000 for a renewal loan to the same parties
of $215,000. The Savings and Loan exe
cuted a release for $50,000, the California
Title Insurance one for $36,000, and the
Hibernia Savings one for $16,000.
The building contracts recorded during
the past week numbered six and their ag- j
gragate value was only $22,338. The larg- i
est was that of Nettie C. Burnett with
James B. McKenna, for moving, raising
and making a 3-story structure out of a
2-story building on the east line of Hyde i
street, 87:6 feet south of Ellis- street, to
cost $5610. Ellen V. Kelly contracted with !
John Glllogley, to erect a 2-story frame j
building, for store and tenements, on the j
northwest corner of Day street and San :
Jose avenue, to cost $4SOO. Edwin Rolkin j
contracted with Ickelheimer Bros, for i
plumbing-, painting and carpenter work on
the Winchester House on Third street, to
cost $4450. Sarah A. Waters contracted
with Denke Bros, to erect a 2-story framo
dwelling house on lot 24, block 1. Marion
tract, for $4423. J. S. Morgan & Sons con
tracted with the Cahill & Hall Elevator
Company for elevators to be placed in a |
5-story and basement building on the
southwest corner of Second and Steven
son streets, for $1545. C. J. Cheney and
wife contracted with Dolan, Newsom &
McNeil to erect a cottage on the west line
of Ninth avenue. 125 feet north of O
street, to cost $1200.
D. R. Jones, owner of the Grand Central
Market premises, on the southeast side
of Market street, just east of Sixth street,
has had plans prepared for a fine modern
building to replace theXold market struc
ture that was partially destroyed by fire.
When completed Hale Bros, will occupy
the first two stories and basement of the
new building, that firm having leased the
property at $1400 per month for ten years,
with the privilege of buying at the end of j
that period for $450,000, and in case they I
do not buy the rental thereafter is to be
$1500 per month for five years.
! L. Hale, lot beginning at a point 50 NE from
E corner of Eleventh street and Seventh ave
nue, NE 48 by SE 100, portions of lots 1 to 4,
block 33, Clinton, Oakland; jerift.
J. C. Calrtwell to Martha L. Caldwell. lot
on N line of Sixteenth street, 143.20 W of West.
W 50 by X 103:!», being lot 16, block C, North
Oakland Homestead Association, Oakland: gift.
John J. and Nellie M. Conley to John McHae,
lot on N line of Ninth street, 125 \V of Webster
; W 25 by N 100, being lot 25, block 120, Oakland;
|10.
j John and Annie Mcßae to John Conley, lot
i on N line of Twenty-second street 125 E of
Llnc'en, E 76:6 by N 263:6, block 634, Oakland:
$10.
Oakland Bank of Savings to Hermann and
Catherine Strom, lot on MV line of Thirteenth
avenue. 66:8 SW of East Twenty-third street
SW 83:4 by NW 120, block 139, Clinton. East
Oakland: $1300.
. C. C. Clay to Jessie Robertson, lot 8, block
747, of C, C. Clay's subdivision of Levy and
Lan© Tract. Brooklyn Township: J250.
Goraldine A. Gordon to Alexander P. Gordon,
lot on E line of Linden Btreet, 215 S of Thirty
second, S 25 by E 125. being lot 41, block 670,
Glaecock Tract. Oakland; $10.
Nellie J. Henneherry to American Surety
Company (a corporation), lot on W line of
Poplar street, 186 N of West Tenth, N 35:6 by
W 115. block 560, Oakland; $10.
Annie Kelleher to Mary Mulcahy, lot on E
line of Adeline street, 125 S of Thirty-Blxth, S
23 by E 122, a portion of lot 5, block 652 Watts
Tract. Oakland; $10.
Sarah A. McKee (by 8. B. SlcKee, attorney)
to August Pettersson, lot on W line of Para
dise street, 152 N of Martposa, W to E line of
Adeline, X to Its . intersection with S line of
ltt 1, blo-k 1, McKee Tract, thence E 69.65, S
S to beginning, a portion of lot 2, block 1 Mc-
Kee Tract, Oakland; $10.
Lulie H. O'Shca (formerly Lulle C. Holcomb)
and Lydia S. Holcomb to G. A. Rothamel, lot
on SE line of Piedmont or Webster avenue
246:0>4 NE from center line of Moss, thence SE
150, BW 40, NW 150, NE 40 to beginning, a por
tion of plat 19, Rancho V. and D. Peralta Oak
land; $10.
Claude V. Wishart to Dolly F. Wright, lot on
P line of Sixteenth street, 166 W of Adeline, W
2S by S 90, Oakland (subject to a mortgage for
$1250); Jin.
Frank W. and Ettle Silcox to Home Building
Company (corporation), lot on SE line of Nine
teenth avenue, 110 SW of East Sixteenth street
SW 30 by PE 100, block 24, San Antonio Bast
Oakland; $10.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to
Erastus W. Marston, lot 4 in plat 24, Mountain
View Cemetery. Oakland Townchip; $118.
Henry Z. and Sarah M. Jones to Marie Le
fevre, loti 46, 47 and 48, block 4, Allefidale
Tract, Brooklyn Township: $10.
Cornelius O'Neill to Burdette Cornell, lot on
SW line of Sunnyslde street, 185 SB of Or
chard, SW 150 by SE 90, being lots 18 and 19,
Marion Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Lucy Hale to Milton E. Hale, lots 3, 4 and 5
block 26, resubdivlslon of townslte of Fitch
burg, formerly Fitchburgr Homestead lots
Brooklyn Town.'hip; gift.
Georee L. or G. L, and Katie L. Fltz to
Mason Carries, lot on S line of Railroad avenue
160 W of Prospect or Eighth street, W 160 by
S 265, portion Aughlnbaugh 223-acre tract, Ala
meda (quitclaim deed); $SO.
George W. Nlckerson to Ann Mary Nicker
son, lot on NW corner of Bancroft way and
Man' street, W 130 by N 50, being lot 12 block
11, McGee Tract, Berkeley; also lot on W line
of Mary street, 202:S S <if Bancroft way, W 130
by S 50* being lot 5, block 14. same; also un
divided half Interest in lot on S line of Nine
teenth street, 25 X of TTnlon. E 30 by S 111: gift
Emily K. Latham to Horton J. Crosby, lot on
W line of PpraltA avenue, 30 N of Palm street
N 25 by W 12:,, being lot 3. block B, Frultvale
Electric Rond Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Thomas Jones to Mary Jones, lota 1 to 7
block 2. I. M. Wrntwnrth Boot and Shoe Com
pany's Tract, Berkeley; gift.
Loulsp and Charles Cuneo to Giovanni Danerl
lot 25, block A. Fitch Tract, Alameda; $900.
G. Nathan to same, quitclaim deed, Alameda
s2s.
Anna Cherry to Henry Jensen, lot G, block
14, Town of San Leandro, Eden Township;
grant.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Ten.
325 Barker Ranch Oil Co i 05
IOC Eagle 60
Street—
100 Monterey Oil Co 25
Afternoon Session.
Board—
200 Tidal Wave J 90
10 Equitable 1 00
50 Big Panoche 2 05
50 Big Panoche 2 10
150 Century Oil Co 75
Street—
200 Northfleld 80
100 Big Panoche 170
100 Big Panoche 175
PRODUCERS 1 OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
2-10 Home Oil Co at $4950 per share.
1 Home Oil Co $4900 00
200 Pennsylvania Consolidated 105
400 Petroleum Center.......... •• 25
100 San Luis :... ;... 5 37%
Street— . M
20 Blue Goose *> 00
1-20 Home Oil Co at $4950 per share. ■
Afternoon Session.
■■':,.:.. Board— ■:?, ■.:■'■->:-■•-':•"
50 Blue Goose A 40 °°
8-10 Home Oil Co at $4050 per share, „
100 Pennsylvania Consolidated 100
200 Pennsylvania Consolidated 106
200 Petroleum Center..... 2°
MINING STOCKS.
The following; were the sale* In the San
Francisco Stock Board yesterday:
Horning Session.
100 Belcher 35 200 Gould & Curry W
300 Best & Belcher 46; 300 Hale & Norc... 35 j
100 Caledonia 57 100 Mexican 21
800 Chollar 26 100 Ophir 87
100 Con Cal & Va..l s»| 500 Overman 15
200 Crown Point... 13l
Afternoon Session. .
100 Andes 13 400 Mexican 19 '
260 Con Cal & Va..l 50 200 Ophlr .... 63
60 Confidence . 70 600 Sierra Nevada. 40
200 Gould & Curry 29 1 300 Union Con 80
The following were the sales in the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning: Session.
200 Andes 18 200 Ophir ..._ 67 j
200 Belcher 35 200 Ophlr 64
300 Best & Belcher 46 200 Overman 14
50 Caledonia 56 500 Potosi 38 i
200 Con Cal & Va..l 55 200 Seg Belcher.... 07
200 Con Cal & V..1 62% 300 Sierra Nevada.- 41,
300 Crown P0int...12% 200 Sierra Nevada. 44 |
600 Mexican 21
Afternoon Session.
500 Belcher 30 300 Ophir 61
300 Best & Belcher 44 200 Ophir 60
300 Con Cal & Va..l 50 200 Overman 13 i
600 Mexican 20! 500 Sierra Nevada. 41 :
700 Mexican 19 500 Sierra Nevada. 39 i
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. Nov. B—4 p. m. j
Bid. Ask. 1 Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 04 Kentuck — 03 i
Alta 02 03 Lady Wash — 02 1
j Andes 12 13 Mexican 18 19 j
: Belcher 29 .30 Occidental .... 15 —
Best & Belcher 42 43:Ophlr '. 60 61 1
i Bullion 06 OS Overman 12 '14 !
Caledonia 62 — Potosi 29 30
! Chollar 22 23 Savage 16 18
1 Challenge Con.. 21 23 Scorpion 02 —
Confidence — 73: Seg Belcher.... — 03 j
I Con Cal & Va..l 45 150 Sierra Nevada. 39 41 |
Con Imperial... — 01 Silver Hill — 03
Crown Point... 10 12 Standard 280 —
Exchequer ..... 01 02 St Louis — 06 '
Gould & Curry. 28 29 Syndicate — 06
Hale &. Norc... 81 32 Union Con 29 30
Julia — 02 Utah 08 09
Justice C 304 Yellow Jacket.. 21 22 ;
■ ♦ ■
:
I
!
i
j
j
1
I
]
1
I
i
Boston Stocks and B->nd3. .
Money— I do prefd 135
Call loans .5%<36 Westingh Eleo .... 46
Time loans £>fai>hi do. prefd 66
Stocks— iWls Cent 20V4
Atchlson 22H Dom Coal 49
do prefd 66%; do prefd 117tt
Am Sugar 156% Bonds-i
--do prefd 117H Atchison 4s 98
Bell Telephone 370 ! Mining shares-
Boston & Albany..2so Adventure 6
Boston Elevated... 107 Allouez Mln C 0.... 3H
Boston & Maine 205 Atlantic iahi
C B & Q 133% Boston & M0nt....820
Ed Elec 111 208 Butte & Boston ... 67
Fltchburg prefd ...120 Calumet & Hec1a..765
Gen Elec 121H Centennial 25
do prefd 139 Franklin 17
Fed Steel 58% Humboldt Hi
do prefd 8m Osceola 84
Mexican Cent 13% Parrot 45
Old Colony 207 Qulncy 150
Old Dominion Santa Fe Copper.. 8%
Rubber 48*£ Tamarack 213
Union Pacific 47% Winona 8%
Union Land 372 j Wolverines 41%
West End 93 Utah • 87
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Nov. I.—Exchange!, $356,818;
balance*. $53,471.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. B.— There la nothing
doing In wheat, further weakness In Europe and
the East only serving to intensify the dullness
which has prevailed throughout the week. Quo
tations are In a large measure valueless as
there Is nothing doing. Some of the exporters
are quoting as low as Me for Walla Walla,
but very little wheat can be purchased at that
figure. Valley Is nominally 64@55c. % v, ;■■:
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash.. Nov. B.— WHEAT—CIub.
53Hc; blue stem, 55^c.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N-. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
November 3, 1599.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1 c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time,
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander. TJ. S. N., In charge.
«
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 4.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements,
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. 1 Due.
Grac» Dollar — jGrays Harbor 'Nov. 4
Santa Rosa [San Diego Nov. 4
Mackinaw jTacoma >lov. 4
Bristol (Departure Bay Nor. 4
"Albion ICape Nome Nov. 3
Aloha ICape Nome |Nov. 5
Willamette .Seattle #....INov. 5
Weeott Humboldt JNov. 6
Coos Bay [Newport Nov. i>
Newburg iGrays Harbor Nov. ft
Columbia (Portland Nov. 6
Crescent City. .. (Crescent City Nov. 8
Australia jHonolulu Nov. 7
i San Juan [Panama Nov. 7
I Doric 'China and Japan Nov. 7
Czarina Pujret Sound Nov. 7
North Fork Humboldt... Nov. 7
Wellington ; Departure Bay Nov. S
rmatilla Victoria & Puget Sound Nov. g
Arcata Coos Bay JNov. 8
Corona San DUiro INov. S
Pfimona :Humboldt Nov. 8
Point Arena — iPoint Arena iNov. 9
Samoa jHumboldt: Nov. 9
Carlisle City China and Japan Nov. 9
Progreao jSeattie Not. 9
Miami iSeattl" Nov. 9
Orizaba (Newport Nov. 10
A lliance Portland : Nov. 10
State of Cal 1 Portland j Nov. 11
TO SAIL.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Friday, November 8.
Stmr Waahtenaw, Crosoup, 82 hours from
Tacoma.
Stmr Whitesboro, Olsen, 17 hours from
Whitesboro.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, 1?% hours from Eureka.
- Stmr Santa Cruz, Hlnkle, 4 hours from Ames
port.
Stmr Newsboy, Fosen. 24 hours from Usal.
Stmr Walla Walla. Hal!, 63 hours from Vic
toria and Puset Sound ports.
Schr Nettie Low, Low, 6. hours from Point
Reyes.
S^hr Newark, Berk. 22 hours from Albion.
CLEARED.
Friday, November 3.
Stmr Orizaba, Nicols.>n, Han Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Nor stmr Tellus, PeUerson. Nanaimo; R
Dunsmuir Sons Co.
Bktn City of Papeete. Bf>n;d<». Tahiti; J
Pinet &. Co.
Bktn Planter, McNeill, Honolulu; Williams,
Dlmond & Co.
SAILED.
Friday, November S.
Stmr North Fork. Bash, Eureka.
Stmr Leelanaw, Storrs, Manila, via Honolulu.
i-tmr Queen, Jepsen, Victoria and Puget
Sound 1 ports.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Hinkle, Amesport.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Hinkle, ..
Stmr Westport, Peterson .
Stmr Weeott, Burtis. Eureka.
Stmr Arcatfl, Reed, Coos Bay
Stmr Luella, Miller. Needle Rock, with- schr
Dewey in tow.
Nor stmr Tellus, Pedersen. Nanaimo.
Schr Barbara liPrrtFte.-. Anflndsen, .
Schr Ida McKay. Johnson, (Viumbla River.
bcnr Dewey, Johns. in. Albion, in tow stmr
Luella.
Schr Abbie, Basses, Caspar.
'TnEL.EORAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Nov 3. 10 p m-Weather
foggy; wind BW, velocity 16 miles.
MISCELLANE*
Tug Beaver was sunk by collision in New
W hatcom Nov 3.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TAOOMA— Arrived Nov 2-Stmr Umatilla,
hence Oct 2S; stmr Al-Ki, from Seattle, for
I 'yea.
Called Nov 2— Stmr Czarina, for San Fran
cisco.
'"SAL— Arrived Nov 2— Stmr Rival, from Ven
tura-
Sailed Nov 2— Stmr Rival, for Eureka.
GRAYS HARBOR Arrived Nuv 2— Stmr
Z^mj.a, from Srmta Rosalia.
Balled >: ■ ■ . ■ • : -,; se and Ruby A
Cousins, fur San Francisco.
VENTURA— Arrived Nov 3— Stmr Geo Loo
mis, bence Nov 2.
Sailed Nov 3— Stmr G~o Loomls, for San Fran
cisco.
FORT BRAGG-Arrived Nov 3-Stmr Noyo,
hence Nov 2.
SEATTLE— Arrived Nov 3— Stmr Miamu. hn 2
Oct 30; stmr Excelsior, from Orca.
Sailed Nov S— Ship C F Sargent, for Departure
Bay; stmr Humboldt, for .
ASTORIA— Arrived Nov 3— Stmr Alliance,
hence Oct 25.
^A !^ DlßOO— Arrived Nov 3-Rr stmr Car
lisle City, from Hongkong and Yokohama, via
Honolulu; schr Mabel Gray, from Eureka.
EASTERN PORT.
NORFOLK— Arrived' X.\ 2-Stmr Finance,
from Colon, for New York, with disabled schr
in tow.
FOREIGN PORTS.
KIN SALE— .Passed Nov 2— Br ship Dunstaff
nage, hence June 20. for Liverpool; Br ship
Loomene, from Portland, for QueenFtown
NEWCASTLE, Ans— Sailed Nov 2— Br'ehlp
Arlstides, for San Francisco.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Nov 2-Br bark Strath
don, h^nce June 10.
QtJEENSTOWN— Arrived Nov 3— Br ship Lao
mene. from PortlanJ.
MELBOURNE— Arrived Nov 2— Bktn Cheha
llas, from Astoria.
VANCOUVER— Arrived Drior to Nov I— Br
bark Kate F Troop, from Guayaquil.
SANTA ROSALlA— Arrived Oct 24— Schr J M
C'lman, hence Sept 10.
NANAlMO— Arrived Nov 2— Haw stmr San
Mateo, from Port Los Angeles. Nov 3— Ship
Slntram, hence Oct 27.
Sailed Nov 3 — Haw stmr San Mateo, for Port
Angeles.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
CHERBOURG— SaiIed Nov 3— Stmr Fuerst
Bismarck, from Hamburg and Southampton* for
New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov 3 — Stmr Patria,
from Hamburg and Plymouth.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
&_■,, ' / Steamers leave Broadway
'^»&!*»- wharf. San Francisco:
K_i_^_sß_. For Alaskan ports, 10 a.
! tra^S!)*. m., Xov. 2, 7, 12, 17, 22, 27.
I |^wl Dec. 2, change at Seattle.
ImWai For Victoria. Vancouver
49Kb>BbW1 (B. C). Port Townsend. Se-
I^^^^S H attle, Tacoma. .Everett, An-
as acortes and New "Whatcom
(Wash.), 1(1 a. m., Nov. 2, 7.
12. 17. 22, 27: Deo. 2. and
every fifth day thereafter; change at Seattle
i to this company's steamers for Alaska and
G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m.. Nov.
i 6, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30; Dec. 5, and every fifth day
I thereafter.
i For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon,
| Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
Gavlota, Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme.
i San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
! Newport. 9 a. m.. Nov. 4, 8. 12. 16. 20. 24. 23:
1 Dec. 2, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis OblFpo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
j m. Nov. 2, 6. 10. 14. IS, 22. 26, SO; Dec. 4, and
every fourth day thereafter. '
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, Pan Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each
i For further information obtain company's
j The' company reserves the right to change
i without previous notice, steamers. Balling dates
an* hour* of sailintr.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
' street (Palace Hotel).
I GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.
10 Market et.. San Francisco.
THE 8. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear- street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CIDC «12 First Class Including Bertl*
IAnC, $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA • Nov. 9. 19, 29
STATE OF CALIFORNIA Nov. 4, 14. 24
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market st
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON. PARIS.
Stopping- at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St Paul Nov. S St. Louis Dec. 13
St. Louis Nov. 22 St. Paul Dec. 27
| St. Paul Dec. 6 New York Jan. 3
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Friesland Nov. ft! Kensington ....Nov. 29
Southwark Nov. IE Noordland Dec. 6
Westernland ...Nov. 22|Friesland Dec. 13
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael, Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
30 Montgomery St.. or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets, 1 p. tn..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, ana
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc No cargo received on board on day
HONGKONG-MARU Wednesday. Nov. I
NIPPON-MARTT Saturday, Nov. 25
AMERICA-MARU Thursday. Dec. 21
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. Foe
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
* W. H. AVERY, General Agent.
COHPAQNIE GENERALE TRAHBATLANTIQUE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. j^sy*.
Sailing every Thursday Instead of <£iJTn>
Saturday. . from November 2. 1839. at - *♦•*-■
JO a. m. from Pier 42. North River, foot ot
Morton it. LA GASCOONE. Oct. 21: LA-
BRETAGNF.. Oct. 28: LA TOTJRAINE. Nov.
V. LA CHAMPAGNE. Nov. 9: LA NORMAN-
DIE. Nov. 16: LA GASCOGNE. Nov. 2S: LA
TOURAINE. Nov. 30: LA BRETAGNE. Dec. T.
First-class to Havre. *60 and upward: 5 pur
cent reduction on round trip. Second-class to
Havre. $45: 5 per cent reduction on round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATE 3
AND CANADA. 82 Broadway (Hudson build-
in*). New York. J. F. FTTGAZI A CO., Pa-
dne Coast Agents. 5 Montgomery are.. Ban
Francisco.
fMoßfSt£_!-hfl Tne S- S. Australia
■B" N§gl&3*' ! _B~!! Mils for Honolulu
sTitfM I "*' Wednesday, Nov. 15,
■ S^/^T^N at - S. Alameda sails
1 fctaHsTL/p^ p s Alameda sails
W&SFW Srajjmc.hin_) v)a Honolulu and
l|aV G/ltOlllJllly Auckland for Sydney
V^pVS^ /n!T'F;?P'4~ Wednesday, Nov. 29,
' " " J " ■ IW * at W p m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa,' New Zealand. Australia, India, Suez,
England, etc.; $610 first class.
I. D SPaECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts., 114 Montgomery
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St Fr?i^No!iV ::??.f M^kgt St.
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
HON., Tues.. V/ed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:41
a. m., '4:16. 8:80 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night), r«-
days 1 r m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a, m.. I
p. m' Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
pier No. 3. Telephone Main 1501. _ .
, yARB f«imiMiullui»lllllllllll«si»S^
1314
DAVIS WINS THE HEART OF THE PEOPLE;
PHELAN SURRENDERS TO THE BOSSES
Republicans Note
the Signs of
Victory*
Sad Spectacle of Phelan
Seeking Sympathy
From Buckley's
Old Gang*
THE tide is running high for Horace
Davis. The great mass meetings
throughout the city and the un
bounded enthusiasm of the people
attest the rowing strength and
popularity of the Republican leader.
Alarmed Democrats are on the verge
,of demoralization. The open help of
■ Buckley organizations which Phelan
[spurned early In the campaign is eagerly
Bought to save the Democratic ticket
! from overwhelming defeat. The Demo
| cratic Central Club, an organization
' which Phelan refused to speak before
prior to the primary election because it
was tainted with Buckleyism, will attend
a Phelan mass meeting and bo addressed
by } helan to-night. The drill corps, which
was equipped by Buckley, will wear a
uniform of white, trimmed with black
braid. Each man will carry in the proces
sion a campaign flag and a largo Buckley
• tin horn, which will be tooted for Phelan.
Bo equipped the uniformed followers of
Buckley will march down Marl street.
The people should not miss the spectacle.
Before the primary election the place
hunters, comprising McNab's Committee
of One Hundred, threw up their hands in
glee when. Phelan declined to attend the
meeting of the Democratic Central Club
because it was a Buckley club. It is dif-
rent now. The place-hunters, having
captured the convention, want votes to
elect Phelan. The so-called anti-boss
Mayor has taken the bosses into full fel
lowship. Boss Rairiey enjoys the special
confidence of Phelan and has been prom
ised School Department patronage to help
along where Fire Department pulls are
not potential.
Is it riot high time for the people of San
Francisco to array themselves in their
might against Phelan and the odious
bosses who thrive on the money contrib
ute by the taxpayers to maintain the
municipal government?
Mayor Phelan once had the confidence
of the people. Thousands of Republicans
voted for him in 1896 and again In .1898.
They believed he was sincere In bis pro
fessions of antl-bossism. Now in the
•open light 01 campaign revelation they
see how he Bias fallen. Here he is with
bis cloak of reform and political decency
cast aside, begging for the favor of boss-
Is ir. and appealing for political support to
the king of bosses.
The old-time allies of the Democratic
party known as Non-Partisans have
come out of ambush and, as usual, are
supporting the Democratic nominees.
Tne Non-Partldan following now consists
o£ Phelan's brother-in-law, Frank J. Sul
livan, George K. Fitch and Joseph Brit
ton. For tne Bake of appearance two or
three Republicans are indorsed, but the
whole pretense of selecting the best men
fmm both parties is proved to be a fraud
and a fake.
The men who are in this so-called Non-
Partlsan movement were foremost in ef
forts to break down the Stratton
primary law In the courts. The law
which makes it possible for the people. to
hold an honest election for delegates to
the nominating convention Is assailed by
th.-se Non-Partisan fakers. Republican
voters should not be deceived by the shal
low tricks of Phelan's brother-in-law,
Sullivan.
Republicans should be on their guard
against all trading propositions. Nomi
nees should ear in mind that the Civil
Service Commission, to ■■■ appointed i>y
the Mayor, will fill the positions In Tie
County Clerk's ofiiee, the Sheriffs depart- i
ment ai.d other oinces In the new City
Hall. Th« splendid campaign conducted
by William A. Deane and John Lackmann
Is commendable, but individual workers
for ■ ■?<* nominees, as well as tho work
ers for other candidates, should under
stand that the victory which they desire
will be fruitless if Phelan is elected
Mayor. Good government and excellent
service in •he various departments of th*3
municipality may be obtained through
the agency of a Civil Service Commission
appointed'by Horace Davis. It is there
fore essential that Deane's friends. Lack- ,
manns friends and the friends or every
other candidate on the Republican ticket
should vote for Horace Davis.
To-night people of the Thirty-fifth and
Thirty-sixth Assembly districts will rally
at Ocean View and listen to Republican
orators. ' ,
Th re will, be a meeting to-night of the
Horace Davis Club of the Thirty-fourth
Assembly District, at Eighteenth street,
between Valencia and Guerrero.
A Joint meeting of the people of the
Forty-third, Forty-fourth and Forty-fifth
. Assembly districts will be held to-night
under the auspices of the Montezuma Re
publican Club at Apollo Hall. Pacific
street, between Stockton and Powell.
The German-American Republican Club
■will give a demonstration to-night in fa
vor of Horace Davis at Norman's Hail,
413 Bush street. ... .
At Pioneer Hall a great meeting will be
held this evening under the auspices of
the Horace Davis Central Club. The gift
ed orator, Hon. F. X. Sehoonmaker.
whose presence in this campaign demor
alized Phelan and the bosses, will speak ,
to the people. He will have the temerity,
in the (ace of the Mayor's decree, to in
troduce national questions. He will sa
lute the flag and pay tribute to the excel
lent administration of William McKlnley,
which' has brought so much prosperity to
Our little Mayor said in addressing the
Monticello Club at Metropolitan Temple
Friday evening, October 27. that if re
elected he would not appoint on the-
School Board, the Civil Service Commis
sion or on any of the commissions under
the new charter Republicans who saw fit
to introduce national issues in this con
test HJs oath of office would require him
to' appoint Democrats and Republicans,
but he would undertake to decide what
sentiments one might entertain to be re
rarded as a Republican. In advance he
rave notice that any Republican who
voted against Phelan would be classed a3
n traitor.
HEWRED THE NAME
OF HORACE DAVIS
The Independent Republican Horace Da-
-s Club held an enthusiastic meeting last
i !i'ht at 83S Folsom street. J. W. Allen
I!-' sided a.nd speeches were made by J. L,.
Va^le J. E. Murphy. Major C. W. Kyle
•if J. D. Kersey. : "V
"Mr Na&le was the first to be introduced.
'] 'made" a rattling - talk in which he
urged the members of the club to vote
th<> Republican ticket from top to bottom.
He" declared that Horace Davis came from
the people, was one of them, and would
venre«-cntthr people if elected, while Phe
-1 p on the other hand, represented no one
lit' Phelan. and the only interest he had
n the people was in securing their votes.
Mr. Murphy was for eight years an em
nlove Of Horace Davis, and he cited nu
mfrous instances wherein the Republican
r" date had alleviated the sufferings of
the poor at a time when he had no
JhrtMzht of running for office.
••Horace Davis." said the speaker, has
i-rrn I workingman himself, and he is fa
~™~r with ithc conditions that surround
;iV,.'\vorkingman. He came to this coun
■■ ■■ without a dollar, and succeeded in at
i,"m l-iting a fortune by the sweat of his
ir v Pbelan never earned a dollar in
hfs life He received his 'money through
the sweat of his father's brow."
1 Major Ky lo followed with a rousing
-oeecb which was repeatedly* cheewt
IT« contended that the prosperity that
h*k "sited San Francisco since the lnaug-
SraUoS !^tho_sepubllcan^^ admlnlatnUlon
DEFEAT PHELAN if you do not want Boss Rainey to select the School Books
for your children.
had reached its climax by the expenditure
of J16.000.000 in this city" by the Federal
Government during the pasi year, every
di ll. ir of which went to benefit ih>
ing men of the city. In view of these
fiacts he urged the voters to show their
appreciation by supporting the Repub
lican ticket at the polls next Tuesday,
Every mention of Horace Davis was
followed by a wild demonstration of ap
proval, and at the conclusion of the
speechmaking the entire Republican ticket
was lnnorsea.
HAVES VALLEY IS
STRONG FOR DAVIS
Bonfires, fireworks and music by the
band attracted Hayes Valley residents to
Howry's Hall in flocks last night. The
Thirty-seventh District was well repre
sented at the greatest Republican rally
held in that part of town during the last
flva years.
Joseph K. Jones presided over the meet
ing, and hip introductory speech, referring
• • Horace Davis as the n.-xt Mayor of
Hnn Francisco, called forth a burst ol en
thusiasm and cheering which was both
spontaneous and genuine.
Lucius Solomons was the first of the
many speakers who intt rested the large
number of auditors present with honest
and logical expositions of the Issues of
the. present campaign. F. X. Schoonma
ker, Ju'iiv- pooney, Myron Wolfe and the
jrroat majority of candidates followed, all
receiving a testimonial of the support
that will be accorded them Tuesday.
From beginning to end the meeting was
of the moM enthusiastic order, and at no
time did the large crowd show impatience
or any desire to leave the hall until the
lasl speaker had finished his remarks and
•and played "Home, Sweet Home."
RouEing and inspiriting cheers for Horace
Davis was the last bit of enthusiasm dis
played by this very enthusiastic gather
ing.
DAVIS IS CHEERED
ON THE WATER FRONT
A large and enthusiastic crowd at
tended the meeting of the Harbor Repub-
I lican Club of the Forty-fifth District
In Pastime Hall, Davis and Wash
ington streets, last evening. Representa
tive men from every section of the water
front occupied prominent places on the
platform, and their numerical strength
gave evidence that the vote for Davis
and the Republican candidates in that
section of the city would be a record
breaker.
Captain W. G. Leale, Pilot Commis
sioner, acted. as chairman. He offered a
few introductory remarks, dilating upon
! the strength of the. Republican ticket and
; the necessity- of tilling the principal city.
olJices with competent and honest men
during the first term under the new
charter. "He then introduced the speak
ers of the evening.
The appearance of Horace Davis was
the signal for a round of applause, which
lasted several minutes. When silence was
regained Mr. Davis spoke on measures of
vital interest to the city and county of
San Francisco. He touched upon his past
record and promised a wise and whole
some administration should ho be elected'
Mayor. Other candidates followed, and
they were well received. The meeting
adjourned with three rousing cheers for
the Republican parly and it 3 candidates.
REPUBLICAN MEETING
IN THE FORTY-THIRD
The Forty-third District Republican
Club met last night In its hall on Mason
and Washington streets, Dawson Mayer
acting as chairman. The seating capacity
of the hall was taxed to the limit, and
many who could not find places on the
benches stood throughout the entire meet
! ing.
One of the first speakers of the evening
was F. X. Schoonmaker, and his logical
argument dealing with municipal as well
as national issues impressed the audience
; to such a degree that the warmest ap
i plause punctuated his speech from start
■ to finish.
j Horace Davis spoke at some length, tell
! Ing his audience in a straightforward way
lust what the campaign meant and what
he would do If fortunate enough to be the
next executive officer of this municipality.
He was greeted with cheers and a' gener
ous applause when he took his seat on
the platform. At the conclusion of his
remarks it was some time, by reason of
applause before the chairman could Be
cure a hearing to introduce the next
speaker. ; ■ ■ '
Th* candidates flocked into the meeting
had their say. and were most enthusias
tically cheered.
F. Bolund, candidate for I'ublto Admin
istrator; Democratic nominee. •
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. NOVEMBER 4. 1899.
DEASY WILL NOT
VOTE FOR PHELAN
Jeremiah Densy is not going to vote for
Phelan for Mayor. Even though he owes
bis nomination as Sh'-rifT on the Demo
cratic ticket to the manipulations of Mr.
Phelan, he is not going to cast his ballot
for James. He cannot. Mr. Deasy will
not even be able to vote for himself at
this election, for he has deprived himself
of the American citizen's greatest privi
lege.
It appears that It was Mr. Deasy's prac- |
tlce in former years to register from I
wherever he thought, or th»- Democratic
s thought, a few votes would be
needed. Last year the Democracy was
! shy a candidate for Supervisor from the
! Tenth District, and the arcnminnd-itlnt;
Mr. Deasy left his family out at 834 Fulton
street and took up his residence In ;i shoe
shop on Sixth street. He thus, according
to his view of tilings and the lights of \h>
' Democratic manipulators, became a resi
dent of the Tonth Supervisorial District,
aml la now representing that section in
the Board of Supervisors, although his
home is in an entirely different part of
I the city.
Deasy has changed around so frequent
i ly. Just to please the politicians with
' whom he trains, that his residence Is al
j most as much in doubt ns that of Mayor
j Phelan. For political purposes he ap
pi ars to make his home in his hat, and
he registers from whatever peg he hap
pens to hang his top gear.
Previous to the nominating conventions
i last year, Mr. Deasy was struck with a
I good streak and registered from his "sure
i enough" ifesidence, 834 Fulton street. The
' records at the Registrar's oftlc" give the
i date of his affidavit as June 13. 1898. This
was before the Supervisorial lightning
j had struck him, or Democrats had dis
covered that candidates and votes were
scarce in the Tenth District. Mr. Deasy,
ever ready to assist his party in any
scheme, from the colonization of voters
j right down the list of Jobbery practiced
! by political pirates, moved at once. On
i October 4 he notified the Registrar that
| he had changed his residence to 24 Sixth
' street, and made affidavit that that ad
i dress was his legitimate place of übode.
The transfer was made Just In time to
permit Mr. Deasy to vote from the dis
-1 trict at the succeeding election, and after
: word to enable him to qualify as tn<>
: Supervisor from the Tenth.
Of course, after he was seated as a
! member of the Board of Supervisors he
' returned to the bosom of his family out
at 534 Fulton street and again began to
enjoy- the comforts of home. But he for
goi to teH the Registrar that the sleep
: ing accommodations in the Tenth Super
visorial District had no charms for him.
There may have been reasons, for him
keeping the matter off the records. The
truth might have jeopardized his s»at on
I the board, and rather than do that It is
1 to be presumed that he had no objection
I to the Registrar and the voters believ
ing that he was still residing In his Sixth
i street shoeshop. slumbering at night on
I the soft side of a cobbler's bench and
taking his meals off the front counter.
When Mr. Doasy became a candidate
i for Sheriff his residence In the Tenth Dls
! trict was no longer a matter of political
j necessity. He evidently thought, how
' ever, that he might Just as well vote
i from the shoe-shop home and let his reg
i lstration stand. The searching Investiga
tions of thn Registrar proved disastrous
, to Mr. Deasy. and when he received no
tice that he would have to show cause
why his name should not be stricken
from the register" of qualified voters of
the city be tirst became mad, then sad
and finally scared. He w«nt to the Reg
! istrar"s office and to prevent exposure of
the questionable political practices to
', which It appears he was a party, re
quested Mr. Steppacher to take his name
<iff the rolls and say no more about it.
That is why Mr. Deasy Is not going to
| vote for Mr. Phelan this year. That la
: why Mr. Drasy is not going to vote at all
I next Tuesday.
WANT HORACE DAVIS
AND IMPROVEMENTS
At a meeting of the South Side Improve
ment Club at 3-0 Howard street last night
the indorsement of the Republican ticket
was reiterated. M. J. Mcßride presided
and made a short address, at the conclu
sion of which he Introduced W. N. John
son, who spoke briefly. P. F. Benson fol
lowed with a stirring talk, urging the
members of the club to vote for Horace
Davis as the best man that could have
been selected, not only for the laboring
men but for the smnll property owners,
who desired to see the city's money hon
estly expended in needed improvements.
Speeches were also made by William
Watson and representatives of John
Lackmnnn and "W. A. Deane.
Anonymous Circulars.
Editor Call: My name has been re
cently mentioned in the publlo prats In
matters pertaining to the present politic! !
campaign, and particularly In the Kxam-
Iner, In which I am credited with some
connection with anonymous circulars sent
to the school teachers reflecting on Mayor
Phelan. in answer thereto 1 beg to stato
as follows:
First — l know nothing whatever about
the origin of any anonymous circulars
this year or last. I am not in that kind
of business.
Second I am not, as stated, certain of
appointment as a member of the School
Hoard in the event of the election of Hor
ace Davis, nor would 1 accept such an
appointment if it was tendered and the
salary of the position was multiplied by
ten.
1 know no more of Mr. Da\i«' inten
tions regarding the appointment of School
Directors in the case of his election than
I do that of Mayor Phelan's. I should
.lust as soon presume to influence the ] :l r
ter as the former. F. a. HYDK.
TWENTY-NINTH DISTRICT
REPUBLICAN MEETING
The Twenty-ninth District Republican
Club held a highly interesting meeting at
140 Fourth street last night. A large num
ber of voters were present and shouted
for Horace Davis and other candidates
on the ticket. Dr. J. B. Clifford called
the meeting to order and Introduced Will
lam Watson as the first speaker. Watson
spoke forcibly for the ticket and aroused
enthusiasm. A. P. Van Duzer made a
fiery appeal for the support of Mr. Davis
and the other candidates. Lucius Solo
mons, Charles J. King, James L. Nagle
John Lackmann, Louis Feusler and W C
Johnson also delivered speeches which
aroused hearty applause.
The officers of the club are: President,
Dr. J. B. Clifford; vice president, R. Rodl
fer; secretary, John F. Kingston? treas
urer, J. S. Elliott.
MISSION DEMOCRATS
GREETING NOMINEES
There was a g-ood attendance of the
Democrats of the Thirty-fourth District
at Harmony Hall, Mission street, last
night to greet the nominees of that party
The meeting wa .s called to order by Wil
liam I>. Hynes, acting for the Demo
cratic Central Club, after which he intro
duced John 11. Hanson as chairman of
the evening.
K. P. Doolan led the way in appealing
to the voters of the warm belt for their
aid In placing him and his party in of
fice. He was followed by a stirring 1 ad
dress delivered by A. B. Magulre. nomi
nee for Supervisor, who was received
with a rousing 1 cheer from his neighbors,
who have known him from his childhood.
P. J. Curtis and J. E. A. Helms, two
other Supervisorial nominees, had a
say, after which came W. H. Alvord and
State Senator Henry C. Gesford.
DEMOCRATIC RALLY
IN THE THIRTIETH
The Democratic Club of the Thirtieth
Assembly District held an enthusiastic
meeting In the rooms of the San Francisco
Athletic Club laat night. The prize fight
bulletins kept speakers and audience
away until !>:3O o'clock, but after that
hour the seats were rapidly filled and the
speakers began to tell what a good man
Phelan was and what a good Mayor he
would make if Riven another chance under
the new charter.
John A. Brown presided and P. J. To
malty dignified the gathering by his pres
ence. Th« Democratic spellbinders ar
rived late ahd left early, but they man
aged to keep the audience in a good hu
mor. Among the speakers were Mayor
Phelan. Assessor Dodge. Franklin K.
Lane, L. F. Byington, Jeremiah Deasy.
Joseph Cummlng, Major Geary and C. \V.
Reed.
DEMOCRATS RALLY IN
THE FORTY-SECOND
St. Oeorg-e's Hall, at 317 Mason street,
held a scanty audience last night, when
Chairman Joseph B. Keenan introduced
Mayor Phelan as the first speaker of the
evening, but after the latter had eon
i eluded and left the hall the winner of the
j prize-fight had been declared and the
Democratic voters turned their thoughts
to things more prosaic than that of fisti
cuffs, and the hall soon became crowded.
A number of the candidates presented
themselves to the admiring gaze of the
audience, among them being Lewis P.
i Byington, who received quite as much
applause as the Mayor: Patrick Roland
J Thomas Jennings, Jeremiah Deasy. C. "W.
I Reed, George Cabanlss. A. B. Magulre,
Assessor Dodge. Franklin K. Lane, L. J.
Dwyer and others.
When that tired fooling- comes over you, drink
Jmm Moor* "AA" whiskey.
JOHN LACKMANN.
An Honest Supervisor
Who Is Running
for Sheriff.
Something About the Man, His Record
and the Office to Which He Aspires,
and Reasons Why He Should
Be Elected.
There are some things in connection
with Supervisor John Lackmann's candi
dacy for the office of Sheriff which should
be considered by thoughtful voters on the
eve of election. Mr. Lackmann was
chosen Supervisor from the Sixth Ward
three years ago by a very narrow major
ity. He ran for the office comparatively
unknown. At the end of two years his
services to the people had become so con
spicuous that the Democratic party did
not have the courage to nominate a can
didate against him. He was elected Su
pervisor last year by a practically unani
mous vole or the electors of ban i*'ran
cisecJ.
II Mr. Lackmann had not served the
city taitbtuiiy tins tribute would not have
been paid to nis personal worm and cnar
acter. 'J.here is no other instance in local
msiory wnere an onicial baa so com
pletely commended himself to the masses
us to practically lorce an opposition into
me bacKgiouna.
The oiuce oi Sheriff, for which Mr.
Lackmann has now been nominated by
the Republican convention, is one of the
most important under the city govern
ment. Its incumbent comes m contact
with litigants and others wnose pocKets
are affected by his action. It is necessary
that a scrupulously careful and honest
man should rill the position, or a great
deal or damage may be done to private
interests and a great deal of personal in
jury mulcted upon litigants.
Mr. Lackmann is a careful, conscien
tious and upright official. He will dis
charge the duties of the office of. Sheriff
as he has discharged the duties of the of
fice of Supervisor— with a scrupulous re
gard for the welfare of the puoiic and a
careful attention to the interests of liti
gants. He is pledged to low taxation,
economy and good government, and so far
as his 'lnfluence goes in the office of Sher
iff it will be exerted in those directions.
No voter takes chances of Lackmann
fulfilling his pledges, for he has been tried
In office through two critical terms and
has not been found wanting. In the Board
of Supervisors he has voted to reduce
water rates and gas rates and against
awarding railroad franchises for nothing.
lie has supported the dollar limit on tax
ation through two administrations. In
I*'j7, when Judge Wallace's deoree re
moved the entire Board of Supervisors,
he was the only Republican reappointed
by Mayor Phelan. .At that time he was
new in office, but he had already demon
strated the possession of a high order of
integrity and bad given promise of the
subsequent record which he has made.
He is in favor of public Improvements,
clean streets, cheap lights, a new sewer
system and all the. other rational things
demanded by a young and progressive
city. So far as his influence as Sheriff
goes he is himself a personal guarantee
of economy, observance of law and cor
rect administration.
Every voter 1n San Francisco must ree
ogriize the fact that unless faithful oiH
cials like Lackmann are rewarded It fs
only a question of time when a premium
will be placed upon bad government.
Lackmann's majority for Sheriff should
be so pronounced that no doubt will be
lift In the minds of anybody that the in
tention is to reward a man who in tho
face of the strongest temptation has man
fully, during a period of three years of
must trying adrnlnißtrtion, stood up for
the people of all parties, all nationalities,
all classes and all conditions.
The best tribute which hns been paid to
Lackmann is found in the Examiner (a
Democratic newspaper) of November 12,
IKPS. Speaking of Laekmann's re-election
la^t year, after his trying experience in
the previous Board of Supervisors, tne
Examiner made the following remarks:
"John Lackmann is a small grocer on a
Bteep hill. He is not rich. He is not elo
quent. He is not particularly dowered
with that spirit of effusive geniality
which wins the hearts of the multitude.
Yet John Lackmann, a Republican, was
nominated or indorsed by all the parties
and received the vote and approval of
every honest man in San Francisco. Why?
"Simply because John Lackmann has
shown himself to be an honest office
holder. He has been true to the people.
So he leaves to his children and his chil
dren's children a heritage better than
great riches, and there is no right-think
ing citizen in the entire community who
would not feel proud of the acquaintance
of the small grocer of California street."
Coming from such a source, this praise
ought to strike deep into the consciences
of the people of San Francisco. It js op
position political opinion of a decisive
character.
CANDIDATES ADDRESS
GERMAN DEMOCRATS
The Gorman Democrats held an enthu
siastic ratification meeting last night at
their headquarters, 411 Bush street. The
fact that a musical programme was to be
presented and malted refreshments were
to be served attracted a large crowd,
though the spectators did not make their
appearance until after the result of the
ptize-figtu had been announced. Mayor
Phelan opportunely arrived at this junc
ture and he was greeted with hearty
cheers, which were repeated after he had
finished his somewhat brief speech. He
was introduced by M. Greenblatt, who
presided at the meeting, and made his
customary appeal for the suffrage of his
hearers by a recital of the many good
things he and his colleagues had done for
the community. Without attempting to
be egotistical, the pronoun "we" was re
peated ad libitum.
The other speakers of the evening were
Oscar Hooks, who made an urgent appeal
for the election of Deasy as Sheriff, and
("lit us Harbour, who introduced something
of Democratic national issues in his re
marks. A number of candidates appeared
during the evening and described their
own peculiar fitness for the offices to
which they aspire, to their own satisfac
tion and apparently to that of their au
ditors.
NORTH BEACH VOTERS
LISTEN TO PHELAN
A crowded house greeted the Demo
cratic candidates w~ addressed the
Forty-fourth District voters at Washing
ton Hall, Powell and Union streets, last
night. Dr. Guldo E. Caglieri acted as
chairman and introduced James D. Phe
lan, who was enthusiastically received.
He spoke of his advocacy of technical
education and went on to say on behalf
of the Democratic party: "Our Interest
is centered In the local government, na
tional issues have no place In municipal
affairs. The cardinal principle of the
charter Is home rule. And we want to
discuss the charter without McKinleyism
or flagism and other outside matters "
Other speakers were Dr. A. A d' \n
cona, Jeremiah Deasy, L. J Dwyer
Joseph S. Tobin, Edmond Godchaux'
Thomas Jennings, Lewis F. Byington,
John Conna, J. Fontana, Robert Troy
and Franklin K. Lane.
DEMOCRATS DID NOT
FILL APOLLO HALL
The Democrats of the Forty-third Dis
trict met last night at Apollo Hall, on
Pacific and Stockton streets, T J Pindar
acting as chairman. The hall was but
sparsely filled, and the little applause
from time to time served but to take the
Icy chill off the gathering.
The candidates wero slow in arriving
and not much enthusiasm was displayed'
Campaign issues were discussed but sel
dom, most of the time bolng consumed
by a recitation of the transcendent virtues
of the nominees and the enduring trlorv
of the Democratic party. An occasion tl
variation was furnished by the band
CLOSING REPUBLICAN RALLIES.
Meetings for the Last Night of the
Campaign.
A grand Republican ratification and
open mass-meeting will be held to-night
at Apollo Hall, 810 Pacific street, under
the joint auspices of the Montezuma Re
publican Club, composed of Spanish-
American voters, and the Forty-third
Forty-fourth and Forty-fifth District Re
publican clubs. Horace Davis will be the
Hales.
bring the little <*&MLM^— . *ffl *r*^ &y*m> learn the. new
dolls to ouMalry- M^Jgf^^^ l^^^^^^ er work for fancy
land. *& ri *>QD~GOoi>*^' articles and pres-
a grotto cf gay ents * . .
and gorgeous 935,937,939,941,943.945,947 J^SSrs
yplendor - I Market Street. | our lades' parlors. |
veilings, gloves and notions
I Saturday says buy ; prices say buy ; variety
and assortment say buy; to-morrow ycu go
out the little things you need to fix up are
here, to-day.
good gloves
ladies' two-clasp lambskin gloves:
soft and pliable as french kid; fitted
and guaranteed; kept in repair and
cleaned free  $1 00 pair
3-elasp Hte. Jouvin gloves; real
french kid; in the newest shades and
stitching $1 "0 pair
2-c!asp misses' lambskin glove, in
brown, tan, blue, red and gr»en
$1 00 pair
toilet articles
cashmere bouquet soap, large cake
24c
large bottle vaseline 8c
Colgate's nursery powder 19c
eight-ounce bottle tripled distilled
bay rum 25c
tooth powder and good tooth brush
15c
fancy glass atomizer, filled with
violet water 50c
boratgd talcum toilet powder 5c
domestic economy
here are two household items — good
goods — that spell economy in big let-
ters, every thread has value in It.
table damask, all pure linen;
bleached; very heavy quality.
62 inches wide. 40c yard; 70 Inches
wide, 50c yard.
300 pcs. fine flannelettes: In great
variety of patterns, checks and
stripes, in light and medium colors;
heavy, fleecy and warm; 27 inches
wide; in 2 grades. B l-3c and 10c yard
notions
rhinestone empire combs; a newly
received design. In shell and amb^r
50c
rhlnestone studded side combs; a
laVge assortment; commencing at 25c
and running to 75c pair
plain shell side-combs; heavy and
nicely finished; 3 inches long
20c. 25c pair
3V& inches 10ng.. 35c, 40c and 50c pair
shell hair clasps — a novelty for con-
trolling unruly hairs 25c each
plain empire combs in amber or
sh^ll 25c each
- rhinestone pompadour combs, in
shell only 75c and 9Sc each
principal speaker, and many other nomi
nee? have signified their willingness to
address the meeting.
The Treadwell Quartet will render cam
paign medleys during the evening. Hor..
Alexander Campbell will art as chairman
of the meeting.
The German-American Republican Club
will hold a meeting to-night at Norman's
Tin 11, 413 Bush street. Horace Davis, Con
gressman Julius Kahn, E. S. Salomon. C.
B. Rode and others will address the
meeting.
Campaign Incidents.
The Club of "Sixty," an independent
Republican organization, held a meeting
last night at B. B. Hall. 121 Eddy street,
at which over ©X) persons were present.
Colonel T. V. Eddy, Marcus Mayer. Na
than Blbo and Robert Stlckney mmip
speeches. Mr. Stickney's arguments were
particularly forcible, and he held hts au
dience spellbound from the time he began
until he closed by appealing to his au- j
dience for the consideration of Horace I
Davis. His speech gained many votes for j
the Republican party.
A club to advocate the cause of John
Lnckmnnn for Sheriff was organized the j
night before last at 407 Hyde street,
Thirty-ninth Assembly District.
The William A. Deane Club will meet j
at Becker's Hall, 14 Third street, this
evening at 8 o'clock.
MAYOR PHELAN
STATES THE ISSUES
What Success Will Signify.
In view of the false issues raised and
persistently advocated, I desire to say
that I and my colleagues will construe
our success at the polls as an indorse
ment of our official acts and the policy
we have established In expelling bossism
and corporate control from the City Hall,
and also as a rebuke to the gentlemen
who are seeking to destroy the principal
feature of the new charter, which. In re
quiring city elections separate and dis
tinct from national elections, designed to
insure a dispassionate business discussion
of local affairs uninfluenced by mere par
tisan zeal, which In the past has carried
men into office without respect to their
honesty or fitness, to the great injury of
our city.
I believe with the true and disinterested
friends of the charter that separate mu
nicipal elections are necessary for good
municipal government, and I ask the peo
ple, by their votes, to determine their
policy In this respect. If the attempt to
force national issues into city elections is
not rebuked at this time, the great bene
fits of the charter will be lost.
Notwithstanding false statements to
the contrary, the bi-partisan boards and
the civil service provisions give no party
a<^antage to either side in the matter of
patronage, which the charter has wisely
destroyed, unless the Mayor proves false
to his oath of office. The Mayor has but
thirty-three direct appointments. Civil
service rules regulate the appointment of
all the others, and the present members
of the School, Police and Fire depart
ments are secured in their positions by
the charter on good behavior, and cannot
be removed without cause after a trial.
If elected I will be loyal to the charter
and endeavor to firmly establish its prin
ciples and with least friction introduce
the reforms which it contemplates, actin?
wholly in full sympathy and accord with
its purposes and objects.
JAMES D. PHELAN.
GOOD NEWS FOR TEACHERS.
They May Receive Last Year's No
vember and December Salaries.
Auditor Wells Is of the opinion that the
decision of the Supreme Court regarding
the inheritance tax, under which the Stan
ford estate will *pay into the treasury
more than three hundred thousand dol
lars, will make It possible to pay school
teachers' salaries for last November and
December. The Auditor thinks that the
city's portion of the money may be made
available for the purpose. He is busy
now Inquiring into the law on th<- use to
which the money may be applied and ex
pects to announce his intention in a few
days.
The Auditor has finally decided to audit
the demand of C. B. Sessions, statistician
of the Board of Health, who was apointed
under the recent decision of Judge Hunt.
The demands of all the officers appointed
under that decision were held up and the
interested parties were preparing to man
damus the Auditor to sign the demands.
In the event of failing in this course the
employes expressed their determination
to sue' the Auditor and his bondsmen for
the amounts of their salaries. The salaries
of the other employes may be signed after
the Auditor has convinced himself that he
acted legally in the matter of Session's
salary.
You Have Found It.
You have found the rijtht place to go tor din
er when you f?<> to Zinkand a •
Three Pickpockets Arrested.
Frank Howard, George Wilson, alias
Coulter, and Joe Denny, three notorious
pickpockets, were arrested last nlgtit by-
Detectives Gibson and Ellis while at
tempting to ply their nefarious trade last
night in the massive throng that stood
reading the fight bulletins in front of. the
Hales.
veilings
black tuxedo and russian net, with
chenille dots.. 2sc, 35c, s^c and. 7sc yard
black brussels net. with chenille
dots 25c, 35c, 50c and 75c yard
plain chiffon veiling, in all the lead-
ing shades 40c and ">oe yard
chenille dotted chiffon veiling
50c yard
white net with black chenille dots
2", c and 50c yard
new blue veiling, in plain and dot-
ted nets 35c and 65c yard
pattern veil?, with borders
?~»\ .'ftc and 75c en eh
black ehantilly veiling, 18 inches
wide: with seif-pmbroidered border
and spots ..40c, 5<V. K'c and 75c yard
black tuxedo and russian mesh,
with chenille dotted border
35c, 50c and 75c yard
cloak department
misses' golf capes in blue meltnn
cloth, with plaid hood; finely tailored
$2 50 each
misses' golf capes in fine quality
melton cloth, with plaid taffeta, silk
lined hood and cape; faced with same
$4 00 each
woolen waists; just received: finely
braided fronts, yoke and pleated
back: lined throughout; fitted waist
linings; all sizes, in blue, red and
black $1 50 each
black moreen underskirts, with deep
full flounce: well made and excellent
value $2 50
hand-made zephyr shawls, with
newest designs; fiv sizes, at
....$1 00, $1 25, $1 75, $2 25, $2 50 each
fine hats reduced
our pattern hats have done their
service— now the few that are left
can make you happy at little cost.
Paris pattern hats that were $22 50,
reduced to $1O : $3.^ hats reduced to
$14. London pattern hats, reduced
from $10 to $6: $1R to $12 50.
fur felt, ready-to-wear hats for
children or misses, in latest colors;
were 75c. reduced to 50c.
Call building. Two other pickpockets
who accompanied the trio, made their
escape When placed under arrest the
pickpockets were just about to relieve an
agfd gentleman of his wallet. They were
placed in the tanks at the City Prison
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure. One dose will Htop
a cough. Never falls. Try it, 25e. All druggists •
8539 9 wISi Ihs SB Mv
Our Saturday's Specials!
GRANULATED 8 -s£" 1 SUGAR.
:........ ...... 21 lbs $1.00
CHOICE FAMILY FLOUR, «i b 80c
Regular 95c.
BEST CREAMERY BUTTER.... SOc
Regular £5c Square.
CHOICE EIV. 8UTTER....... 45c
Regular 55c Square.
PETALUMA RANCH EGGS 30c
Guaranteed Regular 40c Doz.
MACARONI, VERMICELLI, box 20c
Spaghetti, white or yellow. Regular 25c
SWEET SUGAR CORN, 3 cans -25c
Regular 12' v.c Can.
; FAIRBANKS GOLD DUST, *& 15c
Regular 20c
STERILIZED £»* CREAM. ««. 25c
Regular 10c.
Country orders filled and shipped free of
; charge 100 miles. Send for November catalogue
1348-1354 Market Street.
Opp. 7th. Phone S. 292. No Branch Stores.
COUfiUN'S NEW RARE COLLECTION
Just out of the Custom House.
TURKISH D linO
PERSIAN jfttJOy
WILL BE SOLD AT PEREMPTORY
AUCTION
THIS DAY.
Saturday, Nov. 4th,
AT 2 P.M. DAILY.
Goods on view Monday and Tuesday Oct. M
and SI, at
. ART ROOms,
125 GEARY ST.
Adjoining the City of Paris
NOTE-Mr Courian. realizing that 'nr'hlne
, was too One for his patrons In San Frar lsco
instructed his agents in the Orient to *ecu™
the rarest and most perfect antiques bTa"™
ahie. This collection represents two y .«Sf
their labor and was made specially or thu
sale. A. W. LOUDERBACKTIIuctt
EQUITABLE
OIL COMPANY.
Land Located in the Very Center of
OIL BELT IN KERN COUNTY.
Surrounded by Flowing Wells.
' •.:''•;:, - Midway Between
j Goalinga and McKittrick Districts.
160 ACRES.
: . Title United States Patent.
Limited quantity of Treasury Stock now for
■ - sale for development purposes only at
ONE DOLLAR PER SHARE,
, No further „ stock, will be offered except at an
: = - ADVANCE IN PRICE.
Stock "" listed on California Oil Exchange.
: Office 405 Montgomery St., Room 5
1 Saa -Francisco, Cai.Text not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not available